VOLUME XCVI— NO. 73.
Continued on Pasre 2. Column 4.
MEADVTLLi:. Pa., Aug. 11.— James
H. Montgomery. A. M.. Ph. D., vice
president of Allegheny College and a
scientist of* national reputation, died
to-day. . » .
Noted, Scientist Is Dead.
ROME, Aug. 11. — A telegram from
Chefu to the Italia Milltalre says that
Port Arthur refugees who have ar
rived there report that before the
Russian fleet left Port Arthur har
bor' nine warships, including the Ce
sarevitch,, were destroyed. No cre
dence is. given the report; .which is not
confirmed by other news from the
same point.
Alleges the Destruction of Nine Rus
sian Warships.
WILD RUMOR 1 REACHES ROME.
MARIENBAD, Bohemia, Aug. 11.
King Edward, who Is traveling incog
nito as the Duke of Lancaster, arrived
here. at 6 o'clock this evening, accom
panied by his suite. The reception at
the railway station was purely infor
mal. His • Majesty and Embassador
Plunkett drove in an automobile to
the Hotel Weimar.
aionarch Is Tendered Informal Re
ception at Depot and Taken to
Hotel In Automobile,
KING EDWARD AND SUITE
ARRIVE AT MARIEXBAD
." ST. LOUIS. Aug. 11.— The list of
nominations by the Board of Lady
Managers of the World's Fair for
women members of the international
Jury of awards, approved to-day by
President Francis -and Director of Ex
hibits Skiff. Includes Mrs. W. C. Rals
ton of San Francisco, who ia proposed
tjB alternate judge in the Palace of
Liberal Art*. .^
Talented California Woman Honored
by tlie Board of World's
Fair Managers.
MRS. RALSTON CHOSEN
FOR BUREAU OF AWARDS
avoid staking the whole future of the
campaign upon the issue of an engage
ment at this stage" and that he has re
solved at air cost to retire to the north,
if this has not already been done.
Leota Sweetland to-day filed a suit in
the Circuit Court at Clayton for di
vorce from French Sweetland. to
whom she was married at San Fran
cisco. April 28. 1901. She alleges that
she lived with him until October 19.
1903. when he abandoned her.
Action for Divorce Filed in Missouri
Reveals Marital Unhappiness of
the Swcetlands.
ST. LOUIS.- Aug. 11. — Mrs. Lenna
S\X FRANCISCAN ACCUSED .
OP DESERTTXG HIS WUrnS
On the morning of August 10 the
squadron, put to sea, whene heavy can
nonading was heard for several hours.
CHEFU, Aug. 11.— According to the
latest information from Part Arthur
the Japanese bombarded the town on
August 9, placing their batteries in
dense kaolin fields, where they were
effectually masked. The shells drop
ped mainly in the western basin, where
the squadron was anchored. Many of
the shells fell upon the battleship Ret
vizan, but no serious damage was done,
either to the town or to the fleet. Later
the forts got the range of the Japanese
field batteries and drove them out from
their shelter. In the kaolin..
render further effective aid and that
their safety was endangered by' the
plunging shells dropping from the
Wolf Hills.
Rees, who is the agent at an unfre
quented Belt Line station, was awak
ened by the barking of his dog and
went out to investigate. A minute
later a shot was fired and Mrs. Rees
rushed out to find her husband pros
trate and bleeding and two men beat-
Ing and kicking him. Without hesita
tion she attacked the larger of the
strangers and fairly tore him away
from her husband, whom she supposed
to be dead. She succeeded also in
wrenching the revolver from his hand.
Then the dog took part in the scuffle
and the two men turned In flight and
escaped in the darkness.
The identity of the would-be assas
sins is not known to the police, nor is
the reason for their attack. Rees to
night was in a serious condition. ] The
surgeons say the ball lodged near the
base of the brain.
OMAHA, Aug. 11.— In a heroic hand
to-hand struggle with two armed as
sassins last night, Mrs. M. D. Rees
probably saved the life of her husband,
who had already been shot and beaten
until he was helpless.
BpecUl Dtep&tcb to The Call.
The local health officers were to-day
refused information as to existing con
ditions there.
The secretary of the JState Board of
Health has been asked to do something
at once, or all communication between
Waukegan and Zion CIty;vvill be cut off.
WAUKEOAN, m. f Aug. 1L— It Is re
ported here that ZIon City Is facing a
crisis on account of a smallpox epi
demic. It is said that a dozen or more
houses are quarantined and that the
pesthouse Is filled to its utmost capac
ity. It is rumored that from four flat
buildings where twenty-three persons
lived twenty have been taken to the
pesthouse. The deacon in charge of the
fresh food supply department is said
to be quarantined in his home.
Special DUpatch to The Can.
¦ NEWPORT, Aug. 11.— Jamestown, a
summer resort across the bay from
Newport, was all excitement to-day
over the theft of a magnificent dia
mond horseshoe set with pearls be
longing to Mrs. Ephraim Brice of Phil
adelphia, who "Is at Bayvlew Hotel.
The Jewel has been missing since Au
gust 3/ Private detectives have been
sent for to trace the thief.
While Thames street was hi its quiet
state early to-day, the burglar alarm
of the Newport Trust Company, where
the cottagers' jewels have been kept
'since the Goelet Jewel mystery, rang
like a fire alarm, attracting hundreds
of spectators. The police came pell
mell in a patrol wagon to the bank. It
was said the alarm had been set off by.
the closing of a small steel gate.
Special Dtro&tch to Tb« Call.*
. TACOMA, Aug. 11. — Councilman
<S)nrao' last night prevented the grant-
Ing of a franchise to the Independent
Telephone Company by announcing
tfcat he had been offered stock for his
i-ote. He makes affidavit that he was
offered S000 shares by Frank Morti
,mer. who has had charge of the fran
'chise work, or his option of allowing
the company to sell the same for him
at $44 a share, which would amount
to $132,000.
Mortimer nointed out that the
Home Telephone stock of Los Angeles,
owned by the same people, has a mar
ket price of $44 per share. The Coun
cil then named a committee to inves
tigate the bribery charge. At mid
night Mortimer left by train for either
Denver or San Francisco. He had in
structions to take up the telephone
franchise fight at Denver. To-day he
wired, however, that his mail be for
warded to San Francisco. 'The Coun
cil wants him as a witness.
Alleged Attempt to Buy Votes Pre-
TeotB Granting of Franchise in
Tacoma.
HOME TELEPHONE PROMOTER
. 'IS ACCUSED OP BRIBERY
Diamond Horseshoe Set
With Pearls Is Stolen
From Mrs. Ephraim Brice
Wife of Wounded
Victim Fights i
Two Men.
State Healtli Board
Asked to Tfke.
* f ¦ A ml ATI
Action.
It is denied at the Admiralty that the
squadron left Port Arthur because the
situation of the fortress was desperate.
The Admiralty authorities say, it Is
more than likely that, with the Japan
ese close up to._the perimeter of the
fortress, the warships were unable to
The family of Lieutenant Smirnoff,
an, officer of the battleship Cesarevitch,
this evening received a telegram from
him, dated at Tsingchau to-day. The
message contained only two words:
"Alive; embraces."
Tsingchau is 160 miles southwest of
Chefu, in the Province of Shantung,
and is at the entrance of Kiaochau
Bay. The receipt of this telegram
might be construed as partial confirma
tion of the rumor that the squadron
had reached the open, sea beyond Shan
tung. .In no other way can Lieutenant
Smirnoff's family explain the message
from Tsingchau.
It is hardly believed that the squad
ron itself put into Kiaochau. It is re
garded as more likely that one of the
torpedo boat destroyers was sent there
with official dispatches and filed Lieu
tenant Smirnoff's telegram.
The news of the dismantling of the
torpedo-boat Ryeshitelni at Chefu has
not caused surprise. It is understood
that she was deliberately sacrificed so
that Vice Admiral Skrydloff might be
apprised of the departure of the Rus
sian vessels from Port Arthur, in order
that he might start out with the Vlad
ivostok squadron for the purpose of
meeting them.
ST. PETERSBURG, Aug. 12.— Public
anxiety regarding the fate of the Port
Arthur fleet, which had reached the
highest pitch, remained unrelieved
when the people of St. Petersburg re
tired to-night. The reports from Toklo
and Chefu of the sea fight which fol
lowed the departure of the squadron
are so conflicting and inconclusive that
a strong hope exists that the Russian
Fhips succeeded in breaking through
the Japanese fleet. Indeed, it is rumored
late to-night that the Admiralty had
received information that the squadron
had passed beyond the Shantung
promontory (which, would bring the
squadron at least 150 miles to the
southeast of Port Arthur and into the
Yellow Sea).
The persistent report that Lieutenant
General'** Llnevitch . is moving from
Vladivostok toward Mukden with from
20,000 to 30,000 men lends color. to this
version. It also is pointed out that, if
tho Russians took" such care to fortify
Llaoyang,' itwas'with a' .view to'hold
ing it against" a superior force.. .'.¦
; Notwithstanding these considerations
of a purely military character, .the be
lief is : very prevalent outside as well
as , inside the War" Office . that ; General
Kuropatkin has made up\ his mind to
ST. PETERSBURG, Aug. 12, 2:25 a.
m.— Even with the absorbing topic of
the escape of the Port Arthur squad
ron, the question' vhether General
Kuropatkin will accept or refuse a. gen
eral engagement at Liaoyang continues
to be a subject of the"" liveliest interest.
Opinions differ In military as well as
civilian circles, and the prof bund ignor
ance* regarding General Kuropatkin's
plans is v shown in the different views
held by 'the members of the general
start*. Experts of the Bureau of Opera
tions : incline to the belief that a col
lision between the main forces is in
evitable., Colonel Dbororlaky, assistant
chief of the bureau, said:. -.
¦ "Speaking from a \ purely . military
point of viev/, I do not see how a com
bat can be avoided at this stage. Per
sonally," I am not inclined to attach
credence to the. reports that our army
is already moving northward. - The
withdrawal of a large force In the face
of; a: superior .foe, closely .pressing our
position to the eapt and south, would
involve the risk of an * immediate at
tack, which would find us in a position
jbf still greater inferiority. " ,
"There are' two other conditions re
maining: Firstly, .there is at Liaoyang
kri, enormous . accumulation of stores,
which it would-vbe" necessary to sacri
fice; and, secondly, the Russians- are
in possession of fortifications of excep
tional strength, ' which discount the
numericahsuperiorlty of, the" foe!"
; If Colonel .Dbororlaky's view be cor
rect, Generai : Kuropatkin might reason
ably expect- to hold out' at Liaoyang
for some. time, 'and he could even stand
a siese and 'be ablu- to depend on -his
enormous stores to feed his a.rmy (in
case the' Japanese cut off his communi
cation) pending the arrival" of rein
forcements from the north.
ANOTHER THEFT
STIRS NEWPORT
Private Message Re*
ceived by Wife of
an Officer.
Opinions Differ as to
Probability of a
Battle.
BERLIN, Aug. 11.— The Tokio cor
respondent of the Lokal Anzeiger says
that shipping has been entirely sus
pended, owing to .the. escape of the
Port Arthur squadron, the present lo
cation of which is unknown. : The Lo-'
kal Anzeigcr, in commenting on r the
dispatch, says " it indicates that the
squadron has 'crossed the strait of Pe
chili and has rounded the Shantung
promontory.
IjOXDOX, Aug. 13. — The Brussels
correspondent of the Daily Telegraph
asserts that two vessels of the Rus
sian Black Sea fleet have already
passed the Dardanelles, without the
interposition of any difficulty on the.
part of the Turkish Government. "
CHEFU, Aug. 12, 9 a, m. — The Rus
sian protected cruisers Askold and
Xovik and one torpedo-boat destroyer
entered Kiaochou Bay last night
(Thursday) and exchanged salutes
with German vessels. -
KROXSTADT. Aug. 11. — Admiral
BIrilefT, in command of the naval
forct's here, to-<lay ordered Vice Ad
miral Rojestvensky, commander of the
Baltic fleet, ami his staff to take up
their quarters on board the battleship
Souvafbff ximi to be in readiness to
sail on August 14.
.CHEFT7, Aug. 11. — Takushnn Moun
tain, near Port Arthur, which was
captured by the Japanese on Monday
night, was retaken by tfio Russians
the next dav.
SMALLPOX
RAG ING IN
ZION CITY
ASSASSINS
DRIVEN OFF
BY WOMAN
Kuropatkin's Plans
Not Known in St.
Petersburg.
Russia Is Anxious
Over Fate of Port
Arthur Fleet.
War Bulletins.
DESPERATE TORPEDO ATTACK UPON THE PORT ARTHUR SQUADRON DURING ONE OF THE FREQUENT SORTIES ". FROM* THE HARBOR.
"Our expeditions have nearly al
ways had to fight against ten times
their number and also that they can
not risk being defeated, being far dis
tant from the main army and unable
to properly care for their wounded.*
NEW TOHK, Aug. 11.— An interest
ing explanation of the killing of large
numbers, of women and children in the
recent fighting between the Dutch ex
peditions and the natives in North
Sumatra is given by Colonel H. C. F.
Vanbyjevlet, a retired officer of the-
DutchJEast Indian army, who has Jusi
¦ *Brrryejp- v here. Colonel • VanbylevTet,
who has had thirty years of active ser
vice Ixi the Dutch East Indies, said to
day: •{
. '"A small expedition of about 200
men under Eieutenant Colonel Van
daalen was sent to Gajoye and the
Alaland3, parts of North Sumatra.
The Alalands were well armed, but
their guns do not carry as far as those
of our troops and in order to over
come this disadvantage their leaders,
being well aware of the disinclination
of our men to harm women and chil
dren, placed them in front of their
fighting line as a living screen. The
women and children are sometimes
armed and have often fired ct our
troops.
"Sheltered by this screen the natives
often allowed our men to approach
within point blank range of their posi
tions. Then they discharged an over
whelming' fire. In almost all engage
ments they have followed the same tac
tics, though repeatedly warned by our
officers. As a rule our troops withhold
their fire as Ions as possible, but they
dare not run the risk of being over
whelmed by a sudden rush of the na
tives from behind their living wall, and
are often forced to fire regardless of the
•women and children.
-.In many cases the immigrant is en
tirely innocent of intent to do wrong.
H> buys the papers, thinking that this
is customary and correct. Whether he
knows of illegality or not, however, he
is subject to prosecution and punlsh
"inejit, "which Includes «. fine or impris
onment and deportation from the coun
try.
• The question has come up In the
State Department whether travelers
have sought passports issued by this
Government by the use of fake citizen
.phip papers. One group of forty cases
of this sort was sent to the Department
of Justice this week for prosecution.
¦' Officials are loth to attempt to give
•«.ny figures indicating the extent to
which the frauds have been carried,
¦but it is saJd that there are probably
75.000 or 100,000 aliens In this country
holfiing fraudulent naturalization pa
pers, one-half of whom may be In "New
York Oty.
Ther* are indications that a system
atic traffic in naturalization papers is
.b' ir.gr carried out. Secret service men
-have been at work and have succeeded
In trapping and bringing to justice sev
jeral persons engaged !n the trade. It
Ie believed there are still several or
ganised parties operating.
- The move i* raid to b*» significant on
th* ground that it is taken just pre
ceding the national election. Of
"course, whenever an alien is found with
fraudulent naturalization papers, the
right to vote granted by such papers is
Immediately taken away from him and
his name is erased from the registra
tion books. By making a clean sweep,
•3F is contemplated, 20,000 or 30,000 vot
ers in New York City alone may be
•swept off the books.
. CALrU BUREAU. HOTEL BARTON.
..WASHINGTON. Aug. 11.— Because of
the discovery in New York of an un
usual number of fraudulent natural
ization papers within the last few
months, th*> Bureau of Immigration, in
"conjunction 'with the Department of
. Justjre. will conduct a sweeping invcs
'•~Ziir.r* ;f pCjiTS h<*!<i~''fTV~alfeuS* iff
* T-'ew Tork, San Francisco and other
OTiciais of the Bureau of Immigration
2'imit.ted to-night that for several
r:->-nths th<> number of trauds discov
ered in this line have been increasing.
Sr-^e! Di»ratch to The C»11
Warriors Hide Behind Their Wive3
and Children When Attacked
by Whites.
Propped Investigation Will Extend to
: ; Every Large City in the United
Steles
Dutch- Troops.
Former Officer Explains Al
leged Massacres by "
Horde ol Aliens Found to
Have Purchased Citizen
ship Credentials.'
Sumatra Natives Use
Living Wall as
Shield.
Inquiry Into Sale of
Naturalization
Papers.
PUT WOMEN
IN FRONT OF
FIRING LINE
GOVERNMENT
WILL PROBE
THE FRAUDS
CHEFU, Aug. 12. — It now appears certain that the entire Port Arthur fleet, with the exception of several torpedo-boats, which were left to defend the harbor entrant
the battleships Retvizan and Pobieda, which'were damaged during the fight with Admiral Togo's ships and returned to the protection of the forts, has succeeded in eluding the Japanese
cordon. A portion of the fleet put into the German port of Kiaochou last night and other vessels have been sighted' at different points. Apparently the Russians, after cutting their way
through the Japanese fleet, scattered and took different directions in ord^r to render pursuit more difficult. It has been learned that the reason for the fleet's exit from the harbor was
that the Japanese had got the vessels' range from the Wolf Hills and were dropping explosive shells into the harbor.
PORT ARTHUR SHIPS BREAK THROUGH TOGO'S LINE
AND ARE NOW FAR FROM THE BESIEGED PORT
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, 'AUGUST 12, 1904.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
TATC^ \ ~*
t /"*\ THC_,V£ATSIIB.
. rorecaBt-*n»fie ''at/San Fran
cisco »iqx- thirtr^four* endinar
-San Francl«co and. vicinity —
Pair rriday; li«-ht south wind*,
cnanslnir to fresh westerly.
A. Q. McADrC,
District Forecaster.
The San Francisco Call.
California, — "A SUlUoaalia
Tramp."
Central— "A Bunch of Keys."
Colombia — "Joiepa Entanrled."
Cnute« — Vaudeville.
Xlscner'a — "Tie WhM of tie
Town."
Grand — "A Parisian Romance."
Orphetun — Vaudavllle.
j Tivoli — "The Toreador."
j. ¦ARRESTS GREEN' GOODS MA.V. — lUontea
ant Price of the Mission station arrested Harry
Hartley alias Harris, for attempting to paa*
a counterfeit bill on E. II. Cardlnae. a candy
manufacturer.
LAWYER STRUCK BT CAR.— "Welllaiton
C Burnett, tba attorney, was knocked down
at Polk and- Larfctn streets last night by a car
of the Larkln-atreet line, but fortunat«lj!
escaped serious Injury.
Stafford Resigns Old Job.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 1L— W. V.
Stafford, recently appointed Labor
Commissioner, has sent his resignation
to the Governor as a member of the
Board of Managers of the Napa Asy
lum.
CHANGED WITH ROBBERT.-^J»me« Mo-
LJnejcar was arrested on Eighth «tr»et la«»
night by Detective B*gan and Patrolman An
near and booked at the Southern Station on a
charge of robbery. The pollca declin* to «aj
on what tho chargre Is based.
Continues, to Press Her Demands Upon
the Russian Government.
LONDON, Aug. 11.— Great Britain is
distinctly dissatisfied with Russia's at
titude in the case of the British steam
ship Knight Commander, sunk by the
Vladivostok squadron, and continues
to press the Russian Government to
make substantial modifications of the
list of articles regarded as contraband.
In the House of Commons to-day
Premier Balfour, speaking on the same
lines as Lord Lansdowne in the House
of Lords, said he was perfectly confl
! dent that no neutral ship would again
be sunk by the Russians.
GREAT BRITAIN DISSATISFIED.
ATLANTA, Ga.. Aug. 11. — If the bill
introduced in the Georgia Lepjislature
becomes a law all fathers will be re
lieved of poll tax in Georgia; all
fathers of six or more children will
be given the title of colonel by th»
State, and all fathers ot ten or more
children -will be made members of the
Governor's staff. Under the provisions
of this bill all mothers will be entitled
to vote and all mothers of six children
shall be titled "grand dame."
The bill provides further that bach
elors shall not be entitled to vote In,
Georgia.
FATHER OF SIX CHILDREN"
MAY BE CALLED COLONEL
GENSAN, Korea, Aug. 10.— The Rus
sians reached a point two miles distant
from here at noon to-day, but were un
able to proceed further toward the
town, owing to the flooded river, to
cross which requires boats. The Rus
sians attempted to cross at three dif
ferent points, but were repulsed by the
Japanese fire.
After continued attempts for two
hours to effect a crossing, the Russians
retired to Nunpyunk, ten miles distant,
where they camped for the night.
Special Cable to The Call and New York
Herald. Copyright 10O4. by the New York
Herald Publishing Company.
Checks the Russian Advance Upon the
Korean Port of Gensan.
FLOODED RIVER SAVES TOWN.
Thomas H. Tibbies, candidate for
Vice President on the Populist ticket,
has headed a bolt against the fusion
agreement. Tibbies and others will is
sue a call for a straight Populist con
vention to nominate a State ticket.
LINCOLN. Nebr., Aug. 11. — After a
session lasting all night, the Demo
crats and Populists of Nebraska com
rleted their State ticket here to-day.
The division of offices givea the Popu
lists five and the Democrats three.
Popnllst Nominee Objects to Nebraska
¦¦ Fusion Programme.
TD3BLES HEADS A BOI/T.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Herald. Copyright, 1904, by the
New York Herald Publishing Company.
' i' . • - ¦
CHEFU, Aug. 11.— Officers of the
Russian torpedo boat destroyer Rye
shttelni. express the opinion that Port
Arthur cannot be taken. They said
to-day that the' surroundings of the
town were covered, with corpses, but
the Russian losses were small.
The Russian fleet that left the har
bor consisted ; of six battleships and
four cruisers. Four .gunboats and half
of the torpedo flotilla remained behind.
The Russians intend to proceed to ;
Vladivostok, where, it is hoped; the
fleet will be reinforced by some cruis
ers purchased from Argentina.
Three days ago the Japanese at
ta'cked" the" main line of fortifications.
The infantry made recklessly brave
bayonet charges and the Russians rer
plied in a- similar, manner. . Steel to
steel conflicts took place and whole
regiments were annihilated.
STOESSEJj CHEERS HIS MEN.
The Russians were worn out from*
their heavy duty, and men dropped
from exhaustion by the side of their
guns. GeneralStoessel rode along the
line, urging them to be brave' for God
and their fatherland.
At daylight the Japanese concentrat
ed their reserves and made one final
attack^ irr which they swept the Rus
sians back arid captured Taku Moun
tain. In one fortified position, out of
a force of 200 men only two survived.
More than half succumbed to exhaus
tion. | k
On Tuesday last the Russians made,
a stealthy attack, crawling among
rocks and up mountainsides. The first
line' rushed the Japanese outposts and
fighting ensued at close quarters.
Simultaneously the Russian fleet
opened fire with its guns. Finally Taku
Mdantain was recaptured by the Rus
sians, who now hold the main line.
The carnage is described as ghastly.
FIGHTING IS TERRIFIC.
LIAOYANG, Aug. 11.— A refugee
from Port Arthur says the defenders
of the fortress remain all day at their
posts in spite of the awful heat, the
women heroically carrying water to the
parched soldiers, although not a sin
gle space within the perimeter of the
fortress is free from bullets and burst
ing shells. Sometimes the whole fort
ress seems enveloued in smoke from
the countless shell explosions.
There was a memorable sight from
the Wolf hills when the Japanese at
tacked the Russian positions there on
July 25. Five Japanese divisions moved
across the plain to the assault, under
cover of their guns. The onset was
so desperate that it almost verged on
frenzy. It was 6aid at Port Arthur
that Field Marshal Oyama commanded
the Japanese forces in person and sev
eral Princes of the blood and veteran
generals led the attacking forces, giv
ing surpassing examples of courage.
The Japanese artillery received a fresh
supply of ammunition • the . previous
evening, and never before was th«»re
such a terrific; hail of projectiles, but
the efforts of the Japanese were . un
availing against the determined stand
of the Russians, who proved them
selves worthy suns of the defenders of
Sebastopol, and the attack was re
pulsed with enormous losses. The refu
gee gives the Russian losses at 1500
and those of the Japanese at 10.000.
After the battle General Stoessel or
dered out every availablo surgeon to
dress the Jpp?jnese woundefi, but the
F.i'ssians vure unable to brins then
into the foiliess, where the problem
of feeding the non-combatants is
too sano.is. Consequently, the Japa
nese wounded were left on the field oZ
battle, 1 1 Lt taken off by their own
comrades.
As announced in a report from Gen
eral Stoessel, commander of the Rus
sian militarv forces at Port Arthur,
received by Viceroy AlexijfT on AligUPt
7 and fo* warded that day to St. Peters
burg, the Japanese renewed the at:ack
LIAOYANG, Tuesday, Aug. 9.— A
correspondent who has just returned
from Anping, thirteen miles east of
Liaoyang, says the Japanese are oc
cupying Houtsiatze, about fourteen
miles west of Liaoyang. They are
not advancing, but are carefully re
connoltering within a mile of Anping.
Two strong Japanese columns are re
ported to be hurriedly pressing for
ward, one toward Mukden and the
other in the direction of the Yantal
coal mines. /
The roads are in very bad condition
owing to the rain of the past few
days, horses sinking up to their knees
In the mud;
tlie Russian Base.
Column Is Preying Forward Toward
JAPANESE NEAKING MUKDEN*.
TERRA HAUTE. Aug. 11. — Eugena
V. Debs. Presidential candidate of the
Socialist party, in an interview to-day.
said that in his opinion the laboring
classes generally were opposed to
Judge Parker. Among other things.
Debs said:
"The rank and file of the industrial
elements of the country look upon the
Democratic party as having been cap
tured at the St. Louia convention by
the Wall street wing of the party and
that, in the event of the party's sue*
cess, the administration would b©
dominated wholly by that power and
labor would look in vain for relief
from corporate oppression and Injus
tice."
Eugene V. Debs Says Wall Street Con*
trol;» tho Democracy.
LABOR OPPOSES PARKER,
"If not Root, then HIgglns will be th»
man," was the verdict of the commit
teemen who were giving their attention
to the Governorship. .,;;
Others talked in a similar strain and
the Root boom is again on in earnett.
While the talk to-day was all Root, it
was not so absolute that an alternative
was not suggested.
NEW YORK. Aug. 11.— "Elihu Root
must take himself out of the field for
the Governorship in a more positive
manner than he has yet indicated or
he will be nominated at the Saratoga
convention next month."
That was the opinion expressed by a
member of the New York Republican
State Committee, after he had been
conferring with other members of tho
committee to-day.
VLADIVOSTOK, Aug. 11.—Prepara
tions are being completed here for the
reception and protection of the Port
Arthur squadron. The departure of
the squadron from Port Arthur is gen
erally interpreted to indicate that the
siege of the fortress is entering on its
final stage. The smaller ships. probably
were left behind on account of their
slow speed and Inadequate fighting
power, while the torpedo-boat destroy
ers would constitute a constant men
ace to the Japanese fleet outside.
It Is believed the purpose of the Rus
scian torpedo-boat destroyer Ryeshi
telni In going to Chefu was to notify
Admiral Skrydloff of the sortie of the
Port Arthur squadron, in order that he
may dispatch the Vladivostok squadron
to meet the squadron from Port Ar
thur.
Port Arthur Warships.
Vladivostok Prepares for Arrival of
JUN'CTURE OF SQUADRONS.
Members of the New York
State Central Committee
Discuss Ticket's 3Iak6-Up
on the Wolf hills on Ju'y 2*. and 27
and finally captured the Russian posi-
U< n* there oti July 30.
HIGGIXS SECOND CHOICE
Will Be Nominated for Gov
ernor Unless He Makes His
Declination 3Iore Positive
Fanatical Valor of Japanese and Dogged Resistance of
Russians Will Make the Story of Port Arthur's
Siege One of the Most Thrilling in the
History of Warfare.
ROOT THE MAN
LEADERS WANT
Slav Fleet Guts Through Ad
miral Togo's Cordon
of Warships.
Forced by Japanese Land
Batteries to Leave
theHarJ)or.
Continued From .Page 1, Column 4.
The result of the battle was not known
in Port Arthur and nothing definite
had been learned regarding either
squadron, except that the Russian ves
sels did not return.
Wednesday is said to have been
chosen for the escape of the Russian
warships at Port Arthur because- the
Japanese fleet was then exhausted by
the constant bombardment of the two
previous nights. The fleet left Port
Arthur in response to imperative or
ders from Vice Admiral Skrydloff.-
A semi-official telegram reports that
the -Russian battleships -Pobieda amV
Retvlzan have returned damaged, to
Port Arthur.
An official source here reports the
sighting of sixteen Russian warships
last night in. the vicinity of Chefu. It
is alleged that the Russian hospital
ship Mongolia, carrying women and
children, which left Port Arthur with
the squadron, will go to Shanghai. •
The Russian. battleship Revizan was
hit seventeen, times during the recent
bombardment of Port Arthur, but was
only slightly damaged.
The Japanese fleet has been direct
ing its flre against the dockyards, at
Port Arthur. One hundred shells
dropped on a spot from which a pow
der magazine had recently been re
moved.
The Japanese are reported to be lack
ing'in sufficient large guns. The pres
ent supply is mostly from the fleet.
Captain Shestakovsky, of the Rus
sian torpedo-boat destroyer, which ar
rived here this morning, reports that
a Japanese cruiser and a gunboat were
damaged during the past week. He is
not positive, however, that they sank.
It is reported that the Japanese pro
tected cruiser Kasaga was sunk off
Round Island in the recent engage
ment. Round Island is forty-eight miles
east of Port Arthur.
The Russian ships before leaving
Port Arthur took on board heavy
stores, machinery and materials for
ship repairing.
WTLTj SAIL WITH CONTRABAND.
Tremont to Ijeave Seattle With a
Large Cargo for Japan.
SEATTLE, Aug. 11.— When the
Boston Steamship Company's liner
Tremont sails from here on Saturday
morning she will carry 14,000 tons of
freight for the Orient, including a
vast amount of foodstuffs for Japan.
In the cargo now being loaded are
280,000 sacks of flour, of which 100,
000 sacks are going to China and the
remainder to Japan.
The vessel also will carry about
400 tons of field supplies for the
army in the Philippines, but no arms
or ammunition.
Russia Will Not Recede.
ST. PETERSBURG, Aug. 11. — At
the Foreign Office here the question of
revising the list of contraband is not
under, consideration and there is little
likelihood of any modifications being
made in the Russian declarations at
present. Nevertheless the Novostt
urges the acceptance of the American
and British views in order to prevent
causes for discontent among neutral
powers.
TORONTO SUITS
THE PRINTERS
Canadian City Is Selected
as Next Meeting Place of
the Typographical Union
ST.. LOUIS, Aug. 11.— The Interna
tional Typographical Union convention
to-day selected Toronto, Canada, as the
place at which to hold the next annual
convention.
During to-day's session it was voted
to increase the annual salaries of the
president and secretary-treasurer from
$1800 to $2500. The matter was then re
ferred to the referendum for final ac
tion.
The report of the committee on re
ports of officers showed the growth of
the International Typographical Union
during the past year. The report also
declared the^Tmion officers unalterably
opposed to open shops.
The report was unanimously ac
cepted.
A sharp tilt occurred between Dele
gate William A. Greene of Indianap
olis and President Lynch over the pub
lication of a letter reflecting on a can
didate during the last campaign.
Delegate Greene accused President
Lynch with having resorted to some
alleged questionable methods to secure
the defeat of a candidate for president
during the last campaign.
President Lynch took the floor and
denied that he had resorted to the
measures charged.
Delegate Greene charged President
Lynch with falsehood.
Instantly the convention was In com
motion.
After considerable discussion the mo
tion was referred back to the commit
tee on laws for .further consideration.
Duties in Canal Zone
In connection" with the report from
Panama of dissatisfaction with the
requirements that steamers clearing
from La Boca must receive their
clearance papers from the American
authorities, it is stated by the Pana
ma Canal Commission that there can
be no" possible misinterpretation of
the. canal treaty Involved in thaV or
der. La Boca, it is pointed out, la
about a mile back from the ocean and
is clearly within the canal zone. The
Panamans also complain ; of the diffl
culty v of replacing the revenue lost to
the republic by allowing goods from
the United States to enter the; canal
zone free of duty, which they fear will
be smuggled into the Panama republic.
The provision for this free entry was
made so as to conform to other ports
of American territory. ' All goods
whether free or dutiable entering the
canal zone in any way. must come
through the custom house of the_re
spective collection districts, and the
governor of the canal zone is already
authorized ' make an agreement with
the President of Panama for co-opera
tion of the customs services of "the
two governments to prevent frauds
and smuggling. . - - — " '
SEA COMMERCE
IS IN DANGER
JAPANESE ATTACK AND CAPTURE DISMANTLED RUSSIAN DESTROYER
PLACED UNDER CHINESE PROTECTION IN NEUTRAL HARBOR OF CHEFU
Mosquito Vessels of Togo's Fleet Send Boarding Party,
Which Invades Disabled Slav Craft, Drives the
Crew Overboard and Hoists the
Mikado's Flag.
Important Conference Called
. ¦ to Consider Trade Eela
: tiohs With the Far East
MERCHANT LEADS WAY
( Special Dispatch to The Call.
Government 3Iay Be Asked
" to Give Protection to Pa
cific Commercial Liners
a hurried order in a low tone, the words
not being distinguishable to the inter
preter. Immediately, it is alleged, the
captain seized the Japanese lieutenant
and jumped overboard with him.
Meanwhile the Japanese destroyers
had their searchlights turned on the
Russian ship. From the deck of the
lightship observers could see this act,
which was followed by the. shooting of
rifles and saber strokes and Russians
jumping overboard.
JAPANESE HOIST THEIR FLAG. .
The fighting had lasted ten minutes,
when an explosion followed. The ex
plosion blew away the »main bridge,
but did no damage to the hull. The
Russians by this time were mostly all
overbtrard. The Japanese at once
hoisted- -their flag.--
Presently a searchlight from the
Chinese cruiser Haichi disclosed a
Chinese cutter alongside 'the Asashio.
It remained th'ere only -a -minute and
then went alongside the Kasumi,
where it stopped an equal length of
time. The- cutter then returned to the
Haichi.
The inaction of the Chinese fleet is
unexplained so far. It is believed seri
ous international complications will re
sult from the incident.
There are unconfirmed stories in cir
culation, that the Japanese fired at the
Russians when they were in the water
and that they refused to rescue any of
them. ' . '
The Japanese Consul claims that the
Japanese ships were ignorant of the
dismantling of the Ryeshitelni. An As
sociated Press representative, however,
informed the Japanese naval officers of
the fact when he visited the two Japa
nese destroyers at 2:30 o'clock this
morning, soon after Admiral Sah's visit.
The passengers brought here aboard
the Ryeshitelni include two women, one
of whom is believed to be the wife of
General Stoessel, commander of the
military forces at Port Arthur.
The disarmament of.the Ryeshitelnl
was completed last night and her fla&
was hauled down, the crew singing
the national anthem. Tears coursed
down the cheeks of Captain Shesta^
kovsky during the ceremony. It was
evident all the preceding day that the
necessity of abandoning his ship,
which had served him so well, greaU
ly affected the captain, who won con«
siderable renown while at Port Ar«
thur. It is thought that when he dis
cerned the purpose of the Japanese
he gave a hurried order to blow up
the ship, intending to end his life and
that of his assailants with the ship.
CHEFU, Aug. 12. — Japanese naval of
ficers have committed a grave breach
of international rights that may at once
Involve their nation in difficulties with
China, or, if China fail to act, with the
ally of Russia. They have attacked,
captured and towed from the harbor
of Chefu a dismantled Russian torpedo
boat ; destroyer that had been placed
under the protection of the Chinese
Government. The seizure of the vessel
was attended by a fierce fight, in which
the Russian commander was killed. -
Immediately after the arrival here of
the Ryeshitelni with news that the
Russian fleet had escaped from Port
Arthur, Chinese Admiral Sah boarded
her and demanded that she either dis
arm and disable her engines or leave
port. The captain of the Russian ves
sel accepted the former alternative.
The Ryeshitelni was dismantled and
was assigned by Admiral Sah to a per
manent anchorage, where she was to
have remained until the end of the war.
During the night two Japanese tor
pedo-boat destroyers which had fol
lowed the Ryeshitelni from Port Arthur
stole into the harbor under cover of
darkness and showing no lights. When
their presence was discovered, soon
after midnight, they were visited by
the Chinese admiral, with the same de
mand that had been made to the Rus
sian captain.
RUSSIAN VESSEL ATTACKED.
Ignoring his demand, at 3:30 o'clock
this morning the Japanese destroyers,
which were the Asashio and the Ka
eumi, sent a boarding party against the
Ryeshitelnl. After a fierce fight the
boarding party hoisted the Japanese
flag on the Ryeshitelni and towed her
out of the harbor in a northerly direc
tion.
Of her crew of forty-seven,' seventeen
have been accounted for. Captain
Shestakovsky is reported killed. Seven
swam ashore, landing near the Ameri
can Consulate. Some were picked up
by sampans, and three, including a
lieutenant, were rescued by a light
ship.
The Japanese claim that they sent In
a gig to the Ryeshitelnl, under a flag
of truce, a lieutenant and interpreter,
who made a demand that the Russians
come outside and fight.. The Russian
captain replied that his ship had been
disarmed, .her engines disabled and
that the vessel was in the hands of the
Chinese. The Japanese were asked to
investigate the disarmament.
The Japanese interpreter claims that
he overheard the Russian captain give
31OTHER MAKES LIVING
IN THE TIVOLI CHORUS
ONE WOMAN'S STRANGE
POWER OVER ANOTHER
The refusal of the steamship lines en
fcaged in the carrying trade between the
port of San Francisco and the Orient
lo accept freight consigned to a mining
company in Korea has led to a call for
A conference of the directors of the
Chamber of Commerce, the Board of
Trade of San Francisco, the Manufac
turers' a-nd Producers' Association and
the Merchants' Association, to be held
In the rooms of the Chamber of Com
merce this afternoon. The purpose of
the conference is to discuss the situa
tion as it relates to the commerce of
the Pacific Coast with the Orient and
to take such action as may be neces
sary to call to the attention of the
l>epartment of State at Washington
the needs and wishes of the people of
this coast. Important results may fol-
Jow. Representatives of the steamship
lines may be present at the conference.
This action is reported to have orig
inated with Andrew Carrigan of the
Dunham, Carrigan & Hayden Com
pany. The goods for Korea which
were denied transportation were
supposed by this firm to be non-con
traband. When it was discovered that
there was no way to semd them directly
from San Francisco. Carrigan prepared
a communication that was sent to the
commercial bodies, in which he setfa
forth the facts as they appeared to
him.
" '"If." says Carrigan, "this condition
'of affairs Is allowed to continue for
even a short period of sixty or ninety
days a large portion of our trade with
Japan and Korea will undoubtedly be
diverted to other channels, to the seri
ous and possibly permanent loss of San
Francisco. The history of trade shows
that it is difficult to build up with for
eign countries, and that to maintain
and increase such trade calls for con
stant and careful attention, and if such
trade be diverted into other channels
"the greater portion, if recovered at all.
vill be recovered only after years of
hard work. In other words, the fabric
of our foreign trade can be pulled to
pieces in a very short time and can be
rebuilt only by years of exertion."
The presidents of the commercial
bodies have called their directors to the
conference of to-day, at which issues of
great concern will be discussed. Mr.
Carrigan declares that the merchants
and manufacturers of San Francisco
ehould immediately recognize their
danger. He insists that the steamship
companies explain the issuance of such
drastic orders, also that the conference
go further and appeal to the Govern
ment for such jirotection of non-con
traband cargoes as will enable the or
dinary commerce of this port to pro
ceed undisturbed.
•At the conference to-day a Bpecial
committee may be appointed to secure
protection for- the manufacturers, car
riers and merchants of the entire Pa
cific Coast, from San Diego to teattle,
by clearly defining their rights «nd ob
ligations in the premises in order to
preserve the foreign trade, which has
been built up to its present condition
by years of hard labor and large outlay
of capita), and to permit and foster the
extension of. euch trade.
JIA1LS ARE SAFE FROM
VLADIVOSTOK SQUADRON
Sirs. Cords SaJd to Have Borrowed
Large Sums From Mrs. Clark
on Unsecured Xotes.
A suit was begun in the Superior
Court yesterday for the recovery of
$18,225. alleged to be due on seven
promissory notes executed in 1901 and
1:902 by Mathilde R. <J*ords in favor of
Ann E. Clark. The /notes are unse
cured and represent money borrowed
from a woman now dead. Mrs. Clark
died January 21\ 1903, and her estate
is being administered in Sacramento
County by Mrs. Rose M. Biggs and
Mrs. Addie Clark Norton, Mrs. Clark's
daughters, who are the plaintiffs in
the action for the recovery of the
money. Their attorney is J. C. Bates.
The first note was dated March 8,
1901, and was for $5000. Another
one for the same amount was dated
July 17, and the others were for from
$125 to $3500.
Attorney Bates declares that Mrs.
Cords was a stranger to the woman
from whom she succeeded in borrow
ing such large sums and that Mrs.
Clark, although more than 70 years
old, was apparently in her right mind.
Mrs. Cords obtained the large loans
and gave her unsecured notes there
for. Besides getting all of the money
Mrs. Clark had on deposit in a local
bank, it is said that the old lady bor
rowed between $6000 and $8000 from
D. O. Mills & Co in order to accommo
date the demands of Mrs. Cords. The
borrower is the secretary of the Pine
Needle Company at 364 Sutter street.
The .normal figures ; are hardly less
definite.. To keep these ¦millions in or
der 150,000 police sufficed.'' Crime is on
the decrease.. The " prison - population
dropped ' to 93,760 [ from. ' 105,013. ; in 1900.
The people are supposed to be ':¦ illiter
ate, yet they managed to. dispatch
520,558,125 letters during the year, and
the number Is ' Increasing "annually at
the A rate /of -25,000,000. "Sherlock
Holmes" and "Mrs.*-,Caudle'8 Curtain
Lectures" , are ; The , preferred books
from the outside world.— Boston Tran
script. • . ii : ¦ ¦¦ :
India Is perhaps most commonly
knowii,to us as a land of famines and
plague and cholera and a population
of 300.000,000. The recent blue book
issued by England tells some astound
ing facts about the Indian people. The
death rate is given as 17.3 for Upper
Burma, 44.1 for Punjab, an average of
31.49, or just . double the average in
England and Wales. And yet in spite
of that, the birth rate for the country
was 89.4' per 1000, two and one-half
times 'that of England and Wales, and
rising, in one province to the enormous
figure of 66.9. It nowhere fell below
23.9.
Curious Facts About India.
New Parcels Post Treaty Is Xow in
Effect Between This Country
and Japan.
With the steamship companies re
fusing to carry freight to Japanese
ports the public may fall back on the
parcels post, a treaty for -which has
just been concluded bet wen this coun
try and Japan. Goods, whether con
traband or not, under the care of
Uncle Sam's postage stamps may bid
defiance to all the squadrons that
Vladivostok can turn out.
, The treaty between the two nations
¦ vent into effect August 1 and the
postoffice clerks are now receiving
mailed parcels for any point In Japan.
The postage is 12 cents a pound or the
fraction thereof and the weight limit
is four pounds six ounces. The limit
in length is three feet and a half and
: the combined length and girth of the
package must not exceed six feet. The
value limit is $50.
STATE BOARD OF TRADE
.- ?i\ EXCURSIOX STARTS TO-DAY
Helen I. Peters Gets Divorce Because
Husband Neglects Her— Other
Divorces Granted. ' ;' '-", '
The mother of a nine-year-old crip
pled boy has been earning: a living for
herself .and child as a chorus girt on
the Tivoli stage. Yesterday, on the
ground- of neglect*, Judge Hunt "grant
ed her a divorce from 'her husbant!
and ordered him to pay, her $25 a
month alimony. The chorus girl is
Helen I. Peters and her. husband was
Prentice C. Peters, a former member
of the police force and, until July 16,
a liquor salesman for Hotalin^ & Co.
They were married on November h,
1S93.
Judge Hunt also granted a divorce
to Ella Phillips from Edward Phillips
for cruelty. Among the acts of in
humar. treatment to« which the wife
tef t'.fied was his threat at a Thanks
giving dinner. to cut her throat with
the carving knife.
Other divorces were gra.ited by
Judge Hunt to Ellen C. Burv.e from
"William Burke for desertion; by Judge
Seawell to -Kate Tobin from James E.
Tobin for cruelty; by Judge Kerrigan
to Marion L. Ball from Charles If.
Ball for neglect and cruelty; to May
O'Brien from Edward O'Brien for
neglect and cruelty.
A suit for maintenance was filed by
Minnie Gay against Frank Gay, asking
for $40 a month and $100 attorney's
fees. She obtained a restraining or
der from Judge Kerrigan to prevent
Gay from collecting $950 due to him
on the sale of a drug store at Sutter
and Fillmore streets to Dunlon Ss.
Peek. She declares the store was pur
chased by him with money she sup
plied out of her separate funds.
Suits for divorce were filed yester
day by Kittle Hardie against Theodor
Hardie for neglect; by Charles A.
"Wyse against Ella Wyse for desertion ;
by Maria Shustir against Joseph Shu
stir, desertion; by Rosalie M. Wilier
ling against Charles Willerling, deser
tion.
REPRESENTS HI3ISELF AS
A WEAI/THY MIXING MAX
»»arty Travels by Special Train and
by Stages on Tour of the
Bic Basin.
• The California State Board of Trade
excursion to the Big Basin will take
place to-day. The start will be made
from the foot, of Market street by the
narrow gauge line at 3:15. The party,
numbering 100, will travel by special
train this afternoon to Boulder Creek.
The return will take place Sunday af
ternoon. The Boulder Creek people
•will give a buJlshead breakfast to the
party at the Big Basin. Receptions at
Boulder Creek and at Santa Cruz are
on the programme. At Santa Cruz
the excursionists will be taken sea
ward fo view the illuminations and
fireworks on the Santa Cruz beach.
The party will travel In care of Sec
retary L. M. Fletcher.
Warrant Out for Arrest of George E.
Bosworth on Charge of Defraud
ing an Innkeeper.
Mrs. Margaret Adams, who keeps a
lodging-house at 29 Eddy street, se
cured a warrant yesterday for the ar
rest of George E. Bosworth on a
charge of defrauding an innkeeper.
She was accompanied by Bosworth's
wife and his mother-in-law. It is
claimed that Bosworth represented
himself as a wealthy mining man and
invited the young lady* who subse
quently became his wife, and her
mother, to live at 29 Eddy street,
where he had a room. They contin
ued to live there after the marriage,
about a month ago, until Bosworth
disappeared a few days ago without
paying his room rent. He is supposed
to have left the city.
"I found," said Mrs. Bosworth, a.
tall, willowy brunette, "that my hus
band was nothing but an adventurer.
He paid the clergyman who married
us with a check which was fictitious.
He borrowed my . gold watch and
pawned it and* also borrowed as much
money, as he could from me and my
mother. I hope he is caught."
The Tiniest of 3Ianuscripts.
One of the tiniest manuscripts ever
recorded is a little Bible in a walnut
shell the size of a small hen's eee, an
account of which has been preserved
among the Harleian manuscripts by
Peter Bales, an Englishman, and a
clerk of the .chancery. It contained as
many leaves as a large Bible and as'
much reading matter on each page. 1
With a powerful glass it could be read
easily. The author of this tiniest book 1
on record lived in the time of Queen
Elizabeth, and in 1575 presented her
Majesty with the Lord's prayer, the
creed, ten commandments, two short
Latin prayers, his own name and
motto and the date, all written on a
bJt of paper the size of a finger-nail,
and set/ in a ring of gold covered with
a crystal. In this case also a magni
fying glass made the writing quite
lesible.— Boston TranscricW
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST V 12, 1904.
2
TIIE WANT " COLUMNS
OF NEXT SUNDAY'S CALIi
WU1 be entitled to receive this >
premium.
See announcement, classified
pages.
v ¦ . . . , ¦ .
; Only one can' of this high
. class coffee will :be given to a
" want advertiser^ and none but
those presenting a bona fide
I want ad to the business office of
this ¦ paper "on Thursday, Friday
and • Saturday I for- Insertion In
DISTRIBUTED.VREB BY TIIE
.-; ¦/ '-'••¦ CAUL:
TO- ITS WANT AD PATROXS.
v A pound can of
/ J. A. FORGER'S GOUDEN"
, ' . GATE COFFEE
V r WILL BE,! GIVEN FREE
TO EVERY- WANT
ADVERTISER
; ~ IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CAM;.
$S00 $500
: Woirtfc of the \
4' .nUESUEST AND BEST
.."'.' / . ,- COFFEE ¦
ADVERTISEaiEXTS. _^ IJ , Jwtr , J , J
A Few Words Showing How We H^^^P^^^S
Can Save Them Money When $WM$ijj![ -^I^^^W
Buying Their Boys' Clothes.
Our late novelties for little chaps have
arrived, which shows we are first in displaying **^ ,MF^ Jbk**.
The suits are unusually beautiful, as you I| ; i|l^^ii^
will see by merely glancing in our Market-street 4m$#W$ i^lSl
Wm There you will find pretty little Russian
blouse suits in a splendid assortment at $3.50, %p^^^SMi^0^^
$3.75, $4.00, $5.00, $6.00 and $7.50. Each %^^^^^^T
of these prices means a saving to you of fully /^^& jr^^^
You will also see a good display of sailor vl^Sfl^^^
suits with handsome trimmings at $3.50, $5.00, iPip&l li%li
$6.00 and $7.50. You will pay a fourth more
in other stores for the very same goods.
In the window is likewise an assortment
of overcoats in the newest styles, ranging from -Wm ISI
$5.00 to $12.00. Add one-fourth to these a , EgM SMi
prices and that's what you have to pay elsewhere. fMp W& fl||
We want to sell you your little son's first h^i^J^m fi|l
suit. Bring him down and take him out of
dresses, just to see how cute he looks Jhl^ --^^^m^^^
.in one of these novelties. rr'^^X^^^^m^i '
Our popular prices are making the ' M!^^^^^^^m&
juvenile department more popular every day with w SrSr '
mothers who appreciate real values. sketched _____
SPECIAL C+ \A/SY4"fcrVc* £*f\ MAILORDERS
For to-day and Satur- C^7H' Will jLP A) I t P' "^ %**?'%
i day only — Men's Silk *"' I ftfv/Vr^/ YlM anything in Men » or
Neckwear, regular 5Oc * * " f' Boys* Clothing, Furmsh-
, valaesf6r25c. r | 740 Market Street ings or Hats.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Chas. Keilus & Co.
Exclusive
High-Grade Clothiers
Ke Branch Stores. No Aiceata.
•WHERE THE TAILOR PAILS
TO PUT CORRECT STYLE
INTO YOUR CLOTHES
"WE ARE THERE
WITH T H EGO 0 DS."
MOST SMART DRESSERS
KNOW THIS TO BE A FACT.
K e a r n y Street
Thurlo.w Bio ckSATS HE WAS -BUNKOED.— J«se . Millar
reported to the police laat night that he • had
been swindled out of $95 In a ring and knife
«am* at 1117 Dupont «tre«v
Wants More Holidays.
Deputy Tax Collector Zlon Is dis
tributing 1200 cards setting forth pro
posed charter amendments providing
for a half holiday on Saturdays for
municipal employes or a half holiday
on another day for any employe whose
duty requires his services on Saturdays
and also giving an annual vacation of
fourteen days for_^ everybody in the
municipal employ. ~Out of thirty-seven
cities San Francisco is the only one
that keeps its municipal offices open
until 5 o'colck.
A painter employed by Isadore
Topini had. a narrow escape from
death yesterday morning and owes his
life to two telephone wires, which
broke and rendered harmless a fall of
thirty-five feet. The man with the
charmed life was painting the house
of Dr. Luigl D. Bacigalupi at 2129
Green street.' and losing his balance
fell headlong from the scaffold. In
his descent his body struck and broke
two telephone wires, checking his fall.
When he struck the wires they
crossed and started . ringing the call
bell of the doctor's telephone. Dr.
Bacigalupi went to ;the painter's assist
ance, but found his services not need
ed, as beyond; a few slight bruises the
man was not hurt. Sfcate
Drops on Telephone Wires, Which
Break Fall and at Same Time
Summon Surgical Aid.
PAINTER LOSES BALANCE
AND FALLS FROM SCAFFOLD
Flags Lowered In Honor of Vest.
ST. LOUIS. Aug. 11.— All the
municipal offices were closed for two
hours to-day and the flags on city
institutions were placed at half-mast
during the funeral of former Senator
George G. Vest, who died Monday at
Sweet Springs. Mo., and whose remains
were laid to rest . in Bellefontaine
Cemetery in this city. The services.
\\ hlch were simple, were performed by
Rev. John C. Shackleford of Sweet
Springs at the grave.
Dally Mall Service Established by
Santa Fe Between Oakland and
Point Richmond.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 11. — The spe
cial mail service from Imperial to
Calexico, San Diego County, will be
discontinued from August 17.
A daily railroad mail service has
been established by the Atchison. To
peka and Santa Fe Railroad between
Oakland and Point Richmond.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
KAMA CRUZ. Aug. 11.— The Board
tf Supervisors of Santa. Cruz and San
Benito counties met in Joint session
nr.d decided upon building a steel
oridce over the Pajaro River at a point
oast of Chittendens, on the Riverside
road.
Will Build New Bridge.
PARIS. Aug. 11. — In accordance
with the frequently expressed wishes
of the late M. Wai deck- Rousseau, his
widow has decided that his funeral
shall be of the simplest character,
without floral wreaths, military hon
ors, -pall bearers or speeches. The
body was placed in a coffin this even
ing and will be conveyed from Corbeil
to Paris. On its arrival here the re
mains will be deposited in the Church
of St. Clothilde, where the funeral
ceremonies will take place Saturday
morning.
SIMPLE FUNERAL SERVICES
OVER WALDECK-ROUSSEAU
Widow of Former Premier Will Heed
Frequentl- Expressed Wish of
Has band.
. PHASTA RETREAT. Aug. 1L— Five
cottages were destroyed by fire at 5
o'clock to-day. The blaze started in
tti>- Adams cottage. An engine and men
were sent from Dunsmulr. The houses
beloneed to Carter of Butte City and
¦ were occupied by Adams of Oakland.
- Frank Bownard of Wlllowe, c. H
• Davis of Willov.-s and Mr. Clutts of
Santa Cruz. Mrs. Adams lost J300 in
diamonds. The cottages were insured.
A defective f.ue caused the fire.
Defective Flue Causes Blaze That Se
riously Damages the Moun
tain Resort. *V
FIVE COTTAGES BURN
. AT SHASTA RETREAT
Br FRED. M. GILMORE.
Staff Correspondent of The Call.
ATASCADERO, Aug. 11.— From early
dawn the camp has been a scene of
life and action. There has not been
a moment in the day that evolutions
of one kind or another have not been
going on. On the great camp field the
review and parade of the Fifteenth In
fantry, Lieutenant .Colonel Pratt com
manding, at sundown to-night was a
beautiful sight. It was thrown into
bold relief by the oak-covered hills,
which made a stunning background for
the troops in their khaki uniform. :
General MacArthur made another
detour to-day of the country sur
rounding the camp and on his return
said: "I am more than pleased with
this place for these maneuvers. The
more I see of the topography of the
ranch the better I like it. The supply
of water here Is so far more than suffi
cient for our needs and shows no signs
of diminution. I am looking forward
with great interest to the battle exer
cises which are now on the eve of be
ginning."
The main feature of the day was the
hospital drill at reduced distances un
der command of Colonel A. C. Girard.
The entire corps of the medical depart
ment of over, 100 men took part.. It
was divided into two brigades, Major
William Stephenson cpmmanding the
first and. Major Kendall as commander
of the second. The wounded were first
conveyed on stretchers from the scene
of the»supposed conflict to, the am
bulance station, thence to the dressing
station and afterward to the field hos
pital. . . - • .
Everything was carried out as is ob
served in actual warfare. The drill was
a great success, being realistic in the
extreme.
General MacArthur has under con
sideration taking the entire division
out to bivouac for one night. This .will
be the real thing in the way of army
battle exercise and will give the mili
tia a taste of going'over a rough coun
try and at the same time packing their
blanket rolls, rations, haversacks and
canteens. ' . - : .;
This morning the provisional regi
ment went through battalion and regi
mental extended order drill, Colonel
W. L. Pitcher commanding. Major
Paxton, Major Van VHet and Captain
J. J. O'Connell in command of the
Third Battalion.
Colonel George Andrews, adjutant
general of the division, to-day made
an official announcement/of the num
ber of trc-oos in camp, which consist
of the following organizations and
makes a total of 2251 officers and
men: ,
Division commander and -staff, 13;
headquarters guard, 57; Signal Corps,
Company C, 74; Hospital Corps, com
pany of instruction No. 2, 103; Ninth
Cavalry, Third squadron, 250; Field
Artillery battalion, 296; Fifteenth
United States Infantry, 682. ahd the
provisional. regiment United States In
fantry, 761.
. The grand review of all the troops,
both Federal and State, in this camp
will take place before General MacAr
thur on Sunday afternoon, August 2L
This will be, the great day in camp for
visitors, as they will be able to see all
the maneuvers from the surrounding
hills without difficulty. The big field
where these will take place. Is magnifi
cently situated for sightseers. The Fif
teenth Infantry is giving a concert to
night. Captain J. J. Bradley arrived
to-day. '
MANEUVERS IN VIRGINIA.
War Department Preparing for Prac-
tice In the South.
. WASHINGTON, Aug. 11.— Never be
fore in the history of the United States
has • mimic warfare been conducted on
so large a scale a s that which .will
That portion of , the building, to
which the fire was confined is occupied
by Miss L. Dean, -who conducts a
rooming house and bath parlors. Her
establishment was gutted by fire about
a year ago. She says that the origin
of the . fire Is a mystery to her. . Ac
cording to her statement she was In
one of the rooms and upon discovering
the flames crawled through a window
to a neighboring roof. The damage
will exceed 51000. Miss Dean carried
$400 insurance on her furniture.
Mystery and suspicion cloud" the
origin of a fire which last night badly
gutted the second floor of the two
story frame building at 1055 Market
street. An investigation -by the au
thorities may result in a criminal
prosecution for arson. From Informa
tion given to the police by. John Soder
qulst. quartermaster of the lighthouse
tender Madrona, the fire appears to
have been the work of an incendiary.
Soderquist and a companion named
Gustafson were walking past the
building about 9:45 o'clock and de
tected smoke issuing from the door
way. Soderquist rushed up the stair
way and found the steps blazing with
oil. A quart can of kerosene was
blazing furiously near the top of the
stairs, and, seizing this he rushed to
the street. Conrad Michel of 313
Francisco. street and Gustave Lindner
of the ' river steamer T. C. Walker,
who were, standing on the sidewalk,
corroborate. Soderquist's story.
An alarm was turned In from box
76. On the arrival of the department
the , flames were found i shooting
through the roof, but the fire was soon
brought under control. An Investi
gation showed that the flames had
started in the rear of the building and
swept . through the hall, doing con
siderable damage. This seems to in
dicate that' it may have been started
in two places at the same time. .
Flames Supposed to Have Been
Caused by an Incendiary Mny
Lend to Arrests. - — \
MARKET-STREET FIRE
SHROUDED IN MYSTERY
SALINAS. Aug. 11. — Edward Pritch
ard, aged 75 years, was found dead
this morning In bed at Pacific Grove.
The deceased was a thirty-second de
gree Mason. He leaves a widow and
daughter. ' The remains were sent to
San Jose/where he was well known.
Sudden Death of Aged Man.
Thomas ' Williams, formerly em
ployed as a Pullman car porter, was
arrested at Pacific and Sansome streets
yesterday morning by Detective Taylor
and Special Officer Lewln of the
Southern Pacific Company. He put up
a desperate fight to make his escape
and Taylor had to use drastic meas
ures to subdue him. He was locked
up in "the tanks" at the City Prison.
He is accused of breaking into tho
buffet of a dining car at Third and
Townsend streets Tuesday night and
stealing cigars and liquor. He Is also
accused of stealing two uniforms from
a car on Wednesday night
Makes Desperate Fi^ht.
REXO. New. Aug. 11. — From Win
nemucra, Carson, Wadsworth and Vir
pinln City come reports of strange
.phenomena in the eastern skies to
night. A bright star moving about has
.be*>n .noticed here by hundreds who
crov.d. the streets. It appears and dis
appears at intervals of a few minutes
,and. assumes fantastic shapes. This is
accompanied by flashes of sheet light
ening ar.d the falling of myraids of
•Etars. The heavens. In fact, have been
¦a mass of darting light all evening.
•The phenomena cannot b* explained by
students of astronomy here.
Arouse Curiosity and Puzzle
tlie Aetrononiers.
Phenomena in the Eastern Sides
NEVADANS ARE 3iYSTTFIED
• BY ACTIONS OF A STAR
TACOMA. Wash.. Aug. 11. — Thl»
afternoon a geared locomotive on th»
Crofton- Mountain Sicker line, near
Nanaimo, Vancouver Island, grot be
yond control and careeredl down th»
mountains over a 10 per «ent grade.
On the engine and the car behind wera
nine men, who Jumped for their lives
end were all Injured, three seriously
and one probably fatally. The engln»
left the track near the bottom and
with tike car was badly wrecked.
Dashes Down th© Moun
tain Side.
ENGINE RUNS AWAY
AXD NINE MEN HUM
Locomotive Qcta Beyond Control and
"It required two vans to convey
Mrs. Maybrick's twelve trunks to the
station. During her visit to Paris a
few days before her departure Mrs.
Maybrick and her mother consulted
a lawyer on her line of conduct Mrs.
Maybrick left in goo - health.
"It is probable that the story of
Mrs. Maybrick's threatened blindness
originated from the fact that during
the last week three different residents
of the Rue Tannery were operated on
for cataract. The doctors, however,
did not go to the home of the Baron
ess de Roques. Mrs. Maybrick's
mother."
PARIS, Aug. 11. — The report that
Mrs. Maybrtck left Rouen on July 25
for America!, making connection with
the trans-Atlantic steamship, is con
firmed. A correspondent gives the
following details:
Report of Her Departure From
3Iother's House In Rouen Is
Confirmed.
MRS. MAYBRICK IS ON WAY
TO THE UNITED STATES
NEW YORK, Aug. 11. — Sentenced
to an indeterminate term, in the El
mlra Reformatory, Samuel Gaty.
whose father was three times Mayor
of Santa Barbara, Cal., and whose
grandfather was Mayor of St. Louis,
was severely lectured for having com
mitted a "mean robbery" along with
Richard Park . by Judge Newberger
to-day. Park and Gaty were arrested
on July 7 on a charge of entering the
room of John C. McG. Reece, a theat
rical agent, and robbing- him of Jew
elry and money. In passing sentence
Judge Xewberger said:
"Reece had practically supported
both of you for two or three years.
In your case, Gaty, it is most lament
able. Your environment in your ear
ly youth was all that money and in
fluence could obtain. But you chose
the wayward rather than the right
path. I understand that you were con
nected once with a big jewelry rob
bery in St. Louis and that your fam
ily spent many thousands of dollars
to save you" from prison. Let this be
a lesson that you will never forget."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FORT WORTH, Texas, Aug. 1L— S.
F. B. Morre states that a Southern cot
ton corporation has been organized In
New York with a capital of J30.000.000.
The object of the organization is to
bring about better conditions in the
cotton-raising districts of the South.
A bonded warehouse system, in con
nection with which there will be Issued
negotiable receipts as sound as Gov
ernment currency, will be one of the
features of the new enterprise.
This will. prove an antidote to many
Ills, notably the evil of unlicensed spec
ulation and the misfortune of Irregu
lar production, from the effects of
which both the farmer and planter are
the greatest sufferers..
CORPORATION' IS FOR3IED
TO BENEFIT PLANTERS
Rltter s.ent invitations to several of
his friends on "Wednesday to come to
his rooms. He told them he meant
to celebrate his retirement from busi
ness. \A half dozen youn* men ap>.
peared to assist in the celebration.
The host was something of a musi
cian. He sang and played on his gui
tar and apparently had not a care la
the world. After. the party his Uf»
less body was found.
NEW YORK. Aug. 11. — Reinhold J.
Rltter, 22 years old, of Brooklyn,
killed himself at an early hour to-day
because the girl he loved had refused
to become his bride.
Kills Himself After His Guests
Depart.
Rejected Lover Acts as Host and
GIVES A FAREWELL. PARTY
BEFORE COMMITTING SUICIDE
i:ja!K>rate Preparations Made for
Guests When They Visit Cali
fornia Redwood Park.
" -BOULDER CREEK, Aug. 1L—
_Efoborate preparations are being
made for the entertainment of the
ijfate Board of Trade when It visits
vrj«» California fc-tate Redwood Park on
the 12th and ISth inst. The members
Mill be guests of the town of Boulder
v.'rfok.
.; Under the management of J. H.
Aram and XV. E. McAbee the citizens
aj-<? proiflingr a monster barbecue to
ik' "heJd In the park, to which all are
'ip be welcome. I'pon the arrival of
iV.f "scursioniPts Friday eveningj at 7
•'clock a public meeting will be held
In the Town Hall, where speeches will
•be 'given and the keys of the city
'turned over to the guests.
PLANNING TO I3VTERTAIX
STATE BOARD OF TRADE
be waged on the old Bull Run battle
field In Virginia between September 5
and, 10. Under the supreme command
of Major General Henry C. Corbln,
40,000 regular and militia troops, taken
from "nearly every State east of the
Mississippi River, will participate.
Already the various staff depart
ments of the army are "preparing for
war." "Within the past week there has
been a noticeable bustle In the usually
quiet corridors of the "War Department.
Supplies .in great quantities are being:
purchased by the various departments
of - the army and rushed to the scene
of the coming hostilities.
-Workmen are already at Manassasr
Gainesville and Thoroughfare Gap dig
ging-trenches, laying sewer pipes, re
pairing roads and boring wells for the
use of - the ' troops.
to the popular Interest. In the
[event. General Fred Grant will com
:mand one of the divisions of the man
euver army. The other will be under
the direction of Brigadier General Bell,
a hero of the Philippines and one of
the, ablest strategists in the United
States army. General Grant's troops,
garbed- in old-time blue blouses and
designated "Blue," will camp at Man
assas. - Bell's army will wear the olive
drab khaki uniforms and will be known
as • the "Browns,"
Going into comp at Thoroughfare
Gap, it . will be Bell's duty to move
against Grant, who supposedly will be
defending the approach to the capital.
Son of Former Mayor of
Santa Barbara Is Sent to
Keformatory for Stealing-
DRAGS PROUD
NAME IN DUST
Miscellaneous — E. G Clark M. F. Clark.
Berkeley: & A. Kitchener and family. W. H.
Earle. Stockton; O. M. Johnston and -Kite.
Stanford University: Mrs. G. O. Swigert. Dr.
G. O. Swlgert. Watsonville; G. Borden and
wife. Mrs. H. E. Acter. Mies C. Klndell. Al
hambra: Miss A. Cone. Santa Barbara; W. L.
Fulltr. Imperial; Mi.«s F. Clippimyg. Troptco;
P. AJward. San Pedro; C A. Wyckoff. Nord
liofl; De Grace Ellsworth. Santa Ana: C D.
Carey, Pasadena; G. H. Soott and wife. Red
lends; E. J. Berrlnr?. Berkeley; A. M. Fra
zler. Orange; F. A. Crosby and wife. Sin
Diego: A. J. Troum, Redwood: F. T. Perkins
and wife. J. Chlorinl, F. Kuokler, Sacramento
Los Angeles*— L. Scholtmueller F C. Ganahl.
J. G. Ganahl. J. Q. Cleveland. Mrs. H. J.
Howard. Miss K. Sucker H. M. Browning. F.
Hardy. T. Gorman. C. W". Hardy H. E. Cham
bers. M. A. Podl*ch. A. E. B3rb^r. W. Serd.
Miss S. Klndell, E. J. Miller. C. F. Traunc.
C. J. Fox. F. Hlrs?h.
Oakland— G. W. Johnson. A. Johnson and
son. J. H. Petherick Jr.. Mr?. McNunan.
San Jose — T. T. Rea. TV. U. Prussia. C. R.
Marten, Mrs. W. Y. McNary.
ST. LOUIS. Aug. 11.— The following
visitors from California have regis
tered at the California building:
San Francisco — G. J. Furlong and ¦wlf*. M.
McLcllan, C. M. Kreiper S. Wilmot. G. C.
Wtlmot ar.d wife, B. Kern. D. Mayer. M. E.
Ixwis. J. M. Haff. A. Santer. H. Leu«chner, F.
V. T. Lee.
ltcKlstor of California Building Con
tains Names of Many Visitors
From Golden State.
WEST WELL REPRESENTED
AT THE ST. LOUIS FAIR
•TALO ALTO. Aug. 11. — Notice has
.been •• received at the office of Presi
dent Jordan of the Stanford University
c'i the offer by the Russian Govern
cn^nt of a pri^e cf 50.000 rubles for
ti<* discovery of a process for de
naturalizing alcohol.
.. Russian manufacturers have found
that their workmen drink alcohol de
signed for use In their manufatures
'j*nd they believe if some process of
taking away the intcxicaling effects
of alcohol, while still retaining its or
¦df-Tiary properties, that great benefit
e xv"!ll .result. A number of the mem
bers of the Stanford faculty will make
experiments along this line.
Czar OfTer* a Prise of Fifty Thousand
Kublo- for Process of I>o
naiuralizaUon.
RF6SIA WANTS ALCOHOL
FREED OF INTOXICANTS
BOSTON, Aug. 11.— Captain George
S. Gelss of San Francisco, aide de camp
of the general staff of the Sons of Vet
erans, is apparently the only candidate
in sight for the office of senior vice
commander in chief of the order at the
National Encampment to be held here
next week during the Grand Army of
the Republic Encampment.
Captain Geiss has a splendid record
and is one of the most valuable men in
the order. He Is a veteran of Aster's
battery, and previous to settling In
California was past commander of Lin
coln Camp. New York City. He was
also in the Illinois Guard, the New
York National Guard and in the Twen
ty-ceventh United States Infantry ex
pedition to Lake Mindanao, P. I., in
1902, besides making a-^tour round the
world in the United States service. He
is indorsed by seventeen past com
manders for senior vice commander
and probably will have the support of
both the Illinois and New England
contingents.
Slffht for Office of Senior Vice
Commander.
San Franciscan Only Candidate in
APPEARS TO BE CHOICE
OF THE SONS OF VETERANS
CRIPPLE CfcEEK. Colo., Ausr. 11.— A
committee of five men went to the horns
of George Sheldt last night for the
purpose of deporting him. After the
men had gained entrance to the nous*
Bheidt began shooting at them. The
fire was returned by one of the mem
bers of the party and a dozen shots
were exchanged. No one was wounded.
The would-b« deporters finally retired.
Guards are to-night stationed at th«
homes and business places of several
residents of Cripple Creek and Victor
warned by the whltecappers to leavs
the district.
Each and every cltlien, whatever his patl
ticn may be, will b» governed by this procla
mation.
The law will b« enforced without r«g*ra t»
party In respect to thes» matters and th» live*
and property of all cltlzsns of thi3 county
shall and will b« protected.
The deputies of this office will atrtctly follow
these Instructions, and I urge all partlaa r»-
Bldlcf within and without the county to re
frain from in any manner doing anything that
will cause or Invita trouble In this county.
DENVER. Aug. 11.— A special dis
patch from Cripple Creek says that
Sheriff Bell, who returned to that city
to-day from Wyoming, attended a
meeting of the County Commissioner!
at which the Mayors of Victor and
Cripple Creek, County Attorney Ash
ton and Deputy District Attorney
Charles C. Butler also were present.
The 'recent acts of whltecapping •werrf
discussed and It was decided to vigor
ously prosecute the guilty persons and
to afford every protection to citizens
threatened by the masked band.
Acting upon this decision. Sheri2
Bell issued the following proclamation:
Wfcerea*. Many evil- disposed p«r»on» &»»•
isaaulted citizens of TtKer County, taken ta*E»
from their homei forcing them to l»a.v<» ta«
county, indulging In Incendiary tali and la
other ways continually agitating th« unhappy
condition of affairs existing In our county
for months past; and
Whereas. Many citizens are carrytn* axm»|
now therefor*
All citizens of TelUr County will refrain
from carrying concealed weapons.
They win likewise refrain from congrcsattn*
on the atreeta and In public places, and from
using language that may tend to cause Tlola
tion of the law.
». * S-ix»c:aI IM^atch to T*ie Ca'.l.
. '-RENO, New. Aug. 1L— After a hard
riile* of fifty u.ilcs a Shoshone Indian
• came into Winnemucca to-day stating
*hat his people had engaged in battle
over the division of ponies and prcvi
¦eions and that at least two of them
.are dead. Coroner Robins left imnie
fiisfteiy for the scene. He will hold an
ir.quest and thoroughly investigate the
affair.
" 'The Indian who carried the message
'ca*r scarcely sr>ea.k any English. The
.place he describes as the battleground
"is fifty miles northwest of Winnemuc
cd, and. the county seat of Humboldt
is the closest railroad or telegraph
communication.
Yesterday It appears that the In
• d!ans. who also had a supply of
oliquors, started to break camp. When
it came to dividing the property an
.Argument arose. This split the tribe
in two factions and they started to
light, using guns, knives and hyitchots
"in the i?trug"g!e that followed. In addi
tion to the two men killed it is not
improbable that many were wounded.
(fffieers Start for Scene of
ij it-Ire Tragedy, Fifty 3Iiles
'•"vXoriliwest of Winuemiicca
CHADTACQUAi N. Y.. Auar. 11.—
Secretary Taft lo-day addressed the
largest audience that has gathered at
ihe summer assembly for years, his
subject being: "Our Duty in the Philip
pines."
Secretary Taft said the English stu
dent of colonial government thought
much more popular control had been
conferred on the people of the Philip
pine Islands than was wise, while the
American critics, who, he said, "like to
style themselves anti-impeiialists, con
demn the course of the United States
in the Islands on the ground that suf
ficient self-government has not been
'xtonded to the Filipinos." He be
lieved that the course taken was some
what near the golden rule.
The problem before this Government,
he said, v.as lio*,v best to educate the
Filipinos for self-government. The
first step taken was the education of
the present generation in the primary
rr.d secondary schools and in Knglish.
It was a matter of conjecture how long
the process of education of the people
will take, but it should be continued
long enough under American auspices
to insure its continuance under the
auspices of the Filipinos, if they should
pee fit to establish an independent gov
ernment.
Continuing, he said:
"'If the government were now turned
over to the Filipino people without
American guidance, then we can be
sure that the whole fabric of the edu
cational system . established by the
American Government in the islands
will fall to pieces."
Claims Change at Present
Would Injure System Es
tablished by Government
"Will .Make Strong Efforts to
Break Up Band That Has
Been Terrorizing District
ISSUES A PROCLAMATION
?j:}!EROUS CASUALTIES
THEY NEED EDUCATION
Colonel Girard's Squad; of One Hundred; Men, Divided Into
Two Brigades, Gives Splendid; Exhibition at Camp
Atascadero-— Entire Division Will Bivouac for a Night
SALISBURY, N. C, Aug. 11.— The
Berrlnger gold mine, located near Gold
Hill, N. £., was suddenly flooded with
water late this afternoon, causing the
death of eight men. The dead:
WILL. CANUP.
STIERWALT.
JOSEPH MAGRUM. '
BOB DE BERRY.
SAM PRICE.
Three others, names not obtainable.
Nine men were in the mine shaft
when the dam of a large pond located
near the entrance gave way because of
the excessive rains, the waters rushing
In upqn the men. Thomas Moyl, man
ager of the plant, was the only one to
escape death. The mine is filled with
water to-night and none of the bodies
has yet been recovered.
The mine Is the property of the Whit
ney Reduction Company of Salisbury
and Plttsburg.
Disaster at Plant in North
Carolina Said to Be Due
to Recent Excessive Kains
MANAGER'S LIFE SAVED
Eight Miners Meet Death
in Shaft' Suddenly Flooded
by Breaking of Pond Dam
Sheriff of Teller County
Takes Steps to Protect
Citizens From Violence
Taft Says Course Taken by!
This Country Toward Fil-j
ipihos Will Help Natives'
Kedsliiiis Inflamed by Rum
./.Have Dispute Over Proper
ty and Weapons Are Used
MEN DROWNED
WHILE AT WORK
TALKS PLAINLY
ABOUT ISLANDS
GUARDS WATCH
VICTOR HOMES
HOSPITAL CORPS PICKS UP THE KILLED
AND WOUNDED ON MIMIC BATTLEFIELD
INDIANS WAGE
GORY BATTLE
V . . - ¦ * ¦ - - - ¦ ¦ . • •..-¦ -' . :¦ "¦ - . ::>•¦:, -
THE SAN FKANCISCU CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 12, 1904.
GENERAL MACARTHUR. AND
PARTT IN' SIGNAL CORPS AU
TOMOBILE.
3
M| Our Sale of $ f .35 Suite
| Closes To-Morrow Night
\ Tomorrow night we close one of the most
$ \ successful sales we ever held. It was a success
. v^^^^i^^^ because the public put faith in our state-
-J^^^Kf|^^ ments and merchandise and found them con-
sistent, one with the other. !
i^^^^^S' ¦'" ' ;: ' When we started the sale we expected- it
: ] would run until the end of August, but the
unusual demand for the suits forces us to
c l° se the sale to-morrow night.
nt^ at *" in ? e you an £ et an a '^ W00 '
fancy cheviot suit in gun metal or nut brown,
1 which formerly sold at S 15.00 or S 12.50, for
$7.35. The reduction is certainly large and
unusual, but nevertheless it is an actual fact.
When you see the suits you will recognize
their value. You will find them stylishly cut
ISmM f rorn neat P a tterns and hand tailored thrbugh-
SwS ou *' i nc l uc^ n £ c °U ar anc * button holes.
¦iSf mmi ave e su ' ts ' n a " s ' zes *° c "h?st.
ifiil lliill e early comer is sure of procuring his size,
ggp fili . By Saturday night there will be scarcely a suit
IBB WSk ' e ft- W e suggest your buying ,as soon as
\^^^^^^^^^^^ We will also close the sale of the
iskrtcwtrwB, $2.75 pants, which are selling at $1.85.
Mail Orders Sfc.\I.\A/fl API J? Al Spscral
We fill mail orders for anything . C37^' %%\J\JU V^ § \J For Friday and Saturday only—
in Mei\ f * or Boys' Clothing, Fur- * r . " " J Men's Silk Neckwear, regular 50c
|nbhtn S s M »iH«ts; | 740 Market Street vatae>for25c - J
ADVERTISEMENTS.
JUty Price only^Uffi
'.* • Regular Price 812.00.
'MAKES SHAVING EASY AND
7he" Best Safety liazor on the Market:
EATE TOtT AW OM> RAZOE? If
you have, linns It to me. I'll make
jou a liberal allowance for it on a
new one. I've good, dependable Ra-
zors, as low as J51.OO-
•• BIXT A GOOD POCKET KBTTPK.
My price 81. OO. Several styles of
ChanClcB. including pearl.
Two bar» Williams' Shaving Soap,
"liuzors honed and ground. Honing,
Mailorders promptly filled.
THAT MAN PITTS,
1008 MAEIIT ST, Opp. Plfth,
SAN FRAXCISCO.BERKELEY, Aug. 11. — Mrs. Mor
gan L. Ryder, wife of the Town Trus
tee, and Mrs. Henry Baker missed be
ing victims of the recent Colorado
train disaster by a few seconds and
the generosity of a conductor. In re
turning from the East they got off at
a way station In Utah and nearly
missed their-train. They would have
lost It but for the conductor, who saw
themj running and signaled for a stop.
The next train, which they might have
been compelled to 'take, was the ill
fated Colorado possenger that went
through tho trUl«e.
Fortune Favors Berkeleyans.
CITY WILL REMOVE ; >v v
HORSES KILLED IX /FIRE
OAKLAND, Aug. . 11. — The story
has been revived that the Southern
Pacific Co'mpany is to purchase the
holdings of the Oakland Transit Con
solidated and Key Route ferry sys
tem. None of the officials residing:
here, however, place credence' in the
rumor. F. M. Smith and F. C Ha
vens, the two men who would, know
what truth there is in the rumor, are
both at watering places In the East
and it is argued If there were any
such . important .move on hand they
would be here.
Deny Rumor of Sale,
The statement has recently been made
by an English firm that they were no
longer able to ship Indian rice to Cuba
because they could not compete with
the rice growers of Texas and cither
Southern States. The first five months
of 1904 have seen large quantities of
rice imported Into Germany, all of
which was received from India or Ja
pan. If American rice growers can com
pete with Indian in the Island of Cuba
they, should .make an- effort to do the
same thing in other countries. Germany
re-exports large quantities of the rice
which Bhe Imports after It has been
shelled and prepared. She is making
very large shipments to South Ameri
can countries— to the Argentine repub
lic in particular.— New York Commer
cial. . . . . :
American Rice In Germany.
A Jury In Judge Lawlor's court yester
day brought in a verdict of not guilty in
the 'case of Moses Levy, charged with
burglary. Louis Novinsky, who was
tried for the same crime on July 28,
was convicted. He turned State's evi
dence and implicated Levy, but the
Jury disregarded his testimony.
Moses Levy Acquitted.
OAKLAND, Aug. 11. — Policeman
Carl E. Kentz filed his resignation
this afternoon with the Chief of Po
lice. This was in accord with the in
timation given by the Board of Po
lice Commissioners after hearing the
charges lodged against Kents for mis
conduct at a picnic at Shell Mound
Park. Candidates to succeed Kentz
are Substitute Patrolmen T. Brown,
Charles Ford and Gunther.
Takes a Hint Given Him by Commis
sioners and Concludes Not to
Goto Trial.
HAY WARDS, Aug. 11.— The grand
council of the I. D. E. S. will meet in
Haywards on Monday, September 12,
and the session will continue until Fri
day, September 16. The following com
mittees have been appointed by Presi
dent. Brandon of the- local branch of
the order: Public subscriptions, R.
Foster; decorations. Grand Secretary
P. G. Leonardo; ball, J. F. Rose and
J. IL Woods. - . ,.
Will Meet at Haywards.
POLICEMAN KENTZ RESIGNS
FROM THE OAKLAND FORCE
SUES FOB DIVORCE.— OAKLAND. Aag.
ii o u i» f Or divorce on the sround of cruelty
wa« bepun to-day by Mary V. Sllva • S mtiut
Ambrose G. Sllva. *_T ;
OAKLAND, Aug. 11. — A victory
was won tp-day by the 'scavengers as
against the ordinance recently passed
to protect the garbage crematory peo
ple from competition in the destruc
tion of the waste of the city. Joseph
Peratta was acquitted this evening
before a jury in" the Justice Court of.
violating the ordinance against dump
ing garbage on exposed ground.
For the purpose of a test case, Per
atta' violated the ordinance. At
former trial the jury failed to agree,
but this evening a unanimous verdict
was rendered acquitting him. The
case will be appealed to the Superior
Court. , i
Joseph Peratta, a Scavenger, Wins a
Victory in Justice Court Over
Crematory Company.
OAKLAND, Aug. 11. — The Board of
Supervisors to-day completed the
canvass of the returns of the recent
primary election. No changes were
found in the general result announced.
Returns Are Canvassed.
ACQUIT VIOLATOR OF
THE GARBAGE ORDINANCE
OAKLAND. Aug. 11.— Charles Knud
son, a painter, under arrest at Peta
luma on a charge of burglary, is want
ed by the police in this city on a charge
of stealing a wagon load of painter's
supplies from the W. P. Fuller Com
pany In April. Knudson, it is charged,
hnci the goods sent to a vacant house
in Emeryville and later he sold the
btuff to W. H. Hatfleld of the Juanlta
Hotel, from whom it was recovered.
Knudson lived at 952 Fifty-fifth street,
but left home at the time of the paint
transaction. He was arrested while
breaking into Steltz Bros.' grocery at
Petaluma.
Fugitive Found In Jail.
OAKLAND. Aug. 11. — The suit of
Mrs. Jennie de Souza against Attor
ney Frederick Russell to set aside a
contract whereby she agreed to give
him half of her share in the. estate of
her grandfather, the late James Sco
ville, has been transferred from San
Francisco to this city. Mrs. De Souza
claims that she was not of age when
eh'e 'made the contract and that the
attorney's fee would be out of : all
proportion to the work he would
have to perform. Mrs. De Souza was
formerly Jennie Bamber and at one
tlm* lived In Guerneville. in Sonoma
County. Her share of the estate is
estimated at $15,000.
Would Revoke Contract.
Mrs. Cornelia Nannings, 75 years of
age, successfully defended herself; In
court to-day on a charge of Incompe
tence. A petition for letters of guard
ianship had been filed by Mrs. Emma
Nannings, ¦ her daughter-in-law. The
old lady declared it was to get control
of $1000 she had in bank. After an ex
tended examination Judge W. E. Greene
held 4 that Mrs. Nannings was compe
tent to. take, care of her own affairs and
denied the petition. ; . .
The loss of two children by diphtheria
has unhinged .the mind of Mrs. Amelia
Tyllesen or 1101 Buena Vista avenue,
Alameda, and to-day she waa com
mitted to the insane hospital at Agnew.
It was feared that in her , grief she
would take her life. The testimony of
neighbors and her husband, Nels Tyl
lesen, was that she would have hanged
herself several days ago had she not
been discovered in time. Four of her
children became Blck, and although
three doctors were in attendance two
of them died. The mother believes she
did not do enough for them and refuses
to be comforted.
Mrs. Elizabeth Cooney, the widow of
Policeman Thomas V. Cooney, \ was
placed under restraint . this afternoon
on a charge of insanity sworn to by
Lillian Stahl. Cooney committed sui
cide a short time ago by taking car
bolic acid. His act ha3 so preyed upon
the mind of the widow that she has lost
her reason. She imagines people think
she killed her husband and constantly
protests her innocence.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Aug. 11.
BERKELEY. Auk. 11.— M. T. Ashby
bought a house at Berryman and Jo
sephine streets a month ago, but when
his agent. E. F. Barry, visited the
place to-day he found that somebody
had walked off with the barns on the
place, the sidewalk and the vegetable
garden. ."
Barns Go Wtth Tenants.
Mrs. Nfels Tyllesen's Grief
Over Loss of Her Children
Unbalances Her Keasoh
BERKELEY. Aug. 11.— In attempt
ing to turn her body while standing
and without moving her feet, Mrs. Har
riot Seeber of 2035 Haste . street lost
her balance and fell In such a way
as to cause a fracture of the right hip.
As Mrs. Seeber is S3 years of age, the
physician in attendance considers her
case critical.
Mrs. Harriot Secber Sustains FYactwre
of Hip While Trying to Turn
Around.
OAKLAND, Aug. 11.— Adrian Heller,
arrested for bicycle theft by Sergeant
of Police Lynch, has admitted that he
stole a wheel belonging to C. Leggett,
as well as the one owned by Louis Bas
tian, for the theft of which he was ar
rested. The police believe the youth
stole others.
Thief Makes Confession.
SORROW DRIVES
WOMEN INSANE
AGED WOMAN MEETS
WITH STRANGE MISHAP
By . the will of her late husband,
Charles Neudeck of Hay wards, which
was filed to-day, Mrs. Mary Neudeck is
left an estate valued at from $50,000 to
$75,000. The property is left to her for
her lifetime and at her death goes to
the three children, Carl N., Mary and
Elizabeth Neudeck, share and share
alike. . .
OAKLAND, Aug. 11.— The will of the
late Peter N. Remillard, filed to-day,
shows that he left property valued at
more than $100,000. The entire estate
Is left to his widow, Cordule Remillard.
No provision is made for_ the three
children, Philip H., Emma and Lillian
Remillard, as deceased states he has
entire confidence in his wife's judg
ment in the matter.
Peter X. Remlllard and Cliarles Ncu
deck Leave All They Had to • ,
Their Widows.
RICH ESTATES LEFT
TO SURVIVING SPOUSES
Pugilist Peter Maher and United
States Commissioner Craig were In the
ring together the other day for a while.
Peter wanted to become an American
citizen. He still is Irish. Peter never
winced when the commissioner asked
him where he was born and who his
parents were. He knew who the Pres
ident Is.
"How is the President elected?" was
asked.
"By a large majority," said Peter,
confidently.
"And the Governor?"
"The same way," said Peter.
"What was the Declaration of Inde
pendence?"
"It had something to do with the
British," said Peter. "It was a kind of
international challenge."
By this time Peter was slightly
groggy, but the commissioner was
fresh.
"What's the constitution?" he was
asked.
The charitable supposition Is that
Peter didn't understand this fully. .
"It's all to the good," he declared en
thusiastically. "I'm trained up to the
minute."
Then Peter went down and out. He
is still tha Irish champion. — Boston
Post. • .
Maher Still a British Subject.
OAKLAND, Aug. 11. — After a con
ference to-night the Ordinance and
Judiciary Committee of the City Coun
cil referred back to the Board of
Health the proposed new plumbing
regulations ordinance. The board waa
requested to confer further with the
plumbers touching: points that are In
dispute as to sanitary inspection of
repair work on buildings. A large
delegation of the Master Plumbers'
Association and many journeymen at
tended the corrrmittee. meeting and
took part in the discussion. It waa
upon Councilman John L. Howard's
notion that the ordinance was re
ferred back. There has been a con
test over the measure for months.
Referred to Health Board.
LIVERMORE, Aug. 11. — A fierce
fight between two women took place
here lastnicht and as a result Eva
Sperry is lying seriously wounded,
with five knife slashes in her scalp,
and Belle Vega, a handsome Mexican
woman, is in jail, charged with as
sault with intent to commit murder.
The Vega woman seized her adversary
by the hair and used a knife with
telling effect.
.Attention paid by Eva Sperry to a
man with" whom Belle Vega was In
fatuated is given as the cause for the
attack.
Knife of Belle Vepra Spills the Blood
of Eva Sperry in a
Quarrel.
EASES HER JEALOUSY
BY STABBING RIVAL
OAKLAND, Aug. 11.— The Admission
day celebration committee of the Na
tive Sons will give a theater party at
the Liberty Theater on Monday even
ing, August 1 . 29, to raise additional
funds for the celebration. The play
which is to be presented on that date
is "The Private Secretary." The mem
bers of the committee in charge of the
arrangements for the affair are: S. Hy
ams. Dan W. Doody. W. L. Poulsen,
C. K. Town send Fred S. Cone, B. H
Dean and V. Wehe.
The members of the Piedmont Par
lor have ordered a new banner, which
will be used for the first time in the
parade on Admission day. The let
tering and designs on the tenner will
be wrought in gold.
Admission Day Celebration Committee
Will Attend Oakland Playhouse
on 3Ionday, August 29.
NATIVE SONS TO GIVE
LARGE THEATER PARTY
ALAMEDA, Aug. 11.— Home, sweet
home, with good board and lodging,
family style', beats riding- on a~brake'
beam when one's stomach is empty. So
thinks 11-year-old Ernest Collinge, son
of Dr. and Mrs. J. E. Collinge of Ninth
street and San Antonio avenue, and the
little fellow knows from experience, for
he has just returned from a three days'
trial of "hittins the road."
"With Victor Suennan, who lives in
the same neighborhood and who is 17
years of age, Ernest went to Oakland
and acting under the orders of his com
panion secreted himself beneath a box
car attached to a freight train bound
East. At Port Costa they were detect
ed and driven away by brakemen.
What happened to young Collinge from
the time he left his happy hearthstone
until he returned unhappy is here given
as told by himself:
Victor and I first went to Oakland, where
I gave him all the money 1 had. $1 50. Then
we foun-J a freight tr-ii:i and Victor &nd I
climbed under a err an 1 .aui nurielvM ncusa
the brak<»beam.j '"A h«?n i he irnlM s:amd Vic
tor said. "All aboard 'or the S*. Louts Tnlr
and Chicago." When the train was going fast
the gravel kept flying In my face, so that
I had to Shut my eyes and mouth.,' I told
Victor about it and he eald, "Spit out the
rocks. Ernis and turn your head th* other
way." Then I wished I was at home with
my moth-r anO had never heard of the St.
Louis Fair.
When the Uam 'Ktoppel at Port Coati *vo
were chased. fi:m under the cat. I didn't c.tro,
as I'd rather be ct ased a* mile than rlilo an
other foot on ihat Kiakebeam. ' The tint nlgl't
after we- '.eft .iome Victor <rnd Icrawln! into
a haystacx an! went to sle-T It was prctiy
cold and felt different from sleeping in
blankets. About the middle of the night three
hoboes came to the same haystack and kicked
us out of bed. Then we walked around in the
dark, and I tell you I was lonesome.
The second and third nights Victor and I
stopped in a lodging-house, where he rented
a bed. I was caught by a detective near Port
Costa and sent back home .on a passenger
train. Victor skipped and I don't know where
he went. I don"t think I will go to the St.
Louis Fair this year as Victor wanted me
to do.
Young Colllnge's mother says her boy
had never been away from home be
fore and that he was induced to leave
by young Suennan. The latter has
given his mother considerable trouble
by reason of his wild actions, and she
says that when she reprimanded him
and threatened to have him placed in a
reform institution he decided to run
away. He is supposed to be > beating
his way to St. Louis, and his parents
are in fear that he will meet with ac
cident on the road. The police of the
larger cities along the railway lines
have been asked to keep a lookout for
young Suennan.
"Parents had ample warning that
they must heed the law before the
present school term began. I think
that within a few days thlngrs wlfl have
settled down and we will be run
ning In our accustomed harmonious
yay."
OAKLAND, Aug. 11.— Parents who
cpject to compulsory vaccination of
their children have appeared at the
offices of the Board of Education and
threatened to institute mandamus pro
eeedlngrs to force the board to admit
the children, unvaccinated. to the pub
lic schools. Concerning this aspect of
the situation. City Superintendent of
Schools McClymonds said:
"Although we have been threatened
•*ith mandamus suits, there is abso
lutely no legal ground for them. Three
times the State Supreme Court has
affirmed the validity of the vaccination
law. I realize that enforcement of the
law has caused friction, but in view of
th* decided stand taken by the State
Board of Health no other course could
be taken.
Superintendent Comments on Threat*
" to Compel Enrollment of Fn
vaocinated Children, t
SAYS PARENTS HAVE
NO CHANCE TO -WIN
Accidents to "Expert Horsewomen."
It Is surprising how constantly these
"expert horsewomen" are damaged by
runaways and carriage accidents, for
scarcely a day passes that we do not
hear of some young woman who la
counted a skillful whip being tossed out
of her trap, with the steed going on to
where the woodbine twineth. But It 13
no joking matter, for the fair driver's
friends and family, to have her picked
up for dead, with some Injury to her
good looks past repair. Can it be that
simple recklessness is the cause of these
many catastrophes, or Is It Ignorance
of the science of managing a horse? It
Is as much the fashion nowadays for
girls to ride and drive as it is for them
to play the piano and belong to a thou
sand and one classes and clubs of so
cial standing, but It does not fall to
every girl's lot to be a good and safe
driver. Granted there Is not a prettier
tableau vlvant than the well-mounted
equestrienne, and after that the well
turned out handler of ribbons over the
backs of prize winners; but she should
know her business and have a cool a3
well as an ornamental head on her
shoulders unless she wants to come to
grief— some time.— Boston Herald.
Mrs. Requa. accompanied by General and
Mrs Osoar Long and her two little grand
daughters, Amy and Sallie Long, left this
evening for an indefinite stay in Santa Bar
bara, where they will be guests at the Potter.
Between bridge whist and fancy needle
'work a dozen ¦ or more young maids and
matrons put in an unusually enjoyable after
noon at tha Harrison-street home of /tlrs.
Frederick Page Cutting to-day. The party in
cluded Mrs. I. Emmet Nicholson, Mrs William
Hamilton Morrieon,, Miss Hartiet Rmma
Knight Mrs. Irving Lundborg, Mrs. Mailler
Searles! Mrs. George Hammer, - Miss Ada
Bates Mrs. George Martin, Mrs. Clarence
Gray,' Miss Georgie Strong, Mrs. Thomas Bai
ley Pheby, Miss Guernsey, Miss Jane Raw
lings Mrs. Charles Rodolph, Mrs. George
Rodolpb, Mr*. Lee Cole Burnham, Mrs Newton
Koser. .Mrs. Walter Hughes Henry, Mrs. Ver
non Waldron, Mrs. Crelghton Carmine, and
Miss Violet "Whitney.
Mrs John P. Maxwell entertained a small
coterie of friends last evening at cards, Mrs.
Fred Morse being one of the prize-winners.
Mr and Mrs. St. Elmo Powell, the young
couple secretly wed some ' weeks ago, gave a
house warming at their new home last evening.
As the young people are both musical, as were
also several of their guests, a programme of
vocal and instrumental selections helped to
pass a very pleasant evening. Mr. and Mrs.
Powell have built a cozy, artistic little home at
1415 Linden street.
An approaching marriage of more than local
Interest Is that of Misa Ethel Thompson of
San Francisco and Ray XV. Taylor, an Oak
land newspaper writer. Miss Thompson is
the daughter of the late T. L. Thompson, for
many years editor of the Sonoma Democrat and
at different time* Congressman, Secretary of
State and during Cleveland's administration
Minister to Brazil. He was always a con
spicuous figure in Democratic politics and
highly esteemed, by both parties. The family
is now residing in San Francisco.
The wedding wlil take place next month
and will be the culmination of a romance
begun when Mr. Taylor and his fiancee were
scarcely more than children. They will make
their home 1° this city.
In a short but interesting and witty little
talk Mrs. Scott gave a description of her
recent visit to Tahiti. She brought back a
fine collection of curios, which were inspected
with eager interest by her guests.
The decorations were also suggestive of the
islands, great stalks of green bamboo forming
an effective background for,. the clusters of
growing' cocoanuts, which were brought from
Tahiti by the Scotts and which formed a
very unique and artistic part or the decoration.
At the conclusion of Mrs. Scott's recital a
delicious repast was served, which proved to
be quite as original aa the rest of the after
noon's programme. Dainty concoctions of
frultfl, native to Tahiti, and cocoanut milk
were part of the menu served, a delicious brew
of native coffee concluding the unique collation.
Mrs. Scott was assisted In receiving her
guests by Mrs. Elliott Barrington Davis, Mrs.
M. J. Laymance, Mrs. R. C. Craft, Mrs.
Charles F. Rohrer of Santa Rcsa and her
mother, Mrs. Rynder. The guests included
Miss Florence Brown, Mrs. E. B. Davis, Mrs.
Bert S. Hubbard, Mrs. George W. Fisher. Mrs.
Ernest Boyes, Mrs. Edwin Boyes, Mrs. C. E.
Downey, Mr». W« W. Crane, Mrs. F. L. But
ton, Mrs. M. J. Laymance, Miss Blanch Lay
mance, Miss Ada Laymance. Mrs. R. C. Craft,
Mrs W. L Dynes, Mrs. W. A. Schrock. Mrs.
XV. 8. Church, Mrs. II. B. Mehrmann, Mrs. XV.
R. Pond, Mr«. W. F. Burbank, Mrs. George
B. M Gray, Mrs C. W. Artr.es, Mr*. George
A. Scott, Mies Nellie Hughes. Mrs. XV. S.
Simpson of Woodland, Mrs. R. XV. Church,
Mrs. Charles F. Rohrer of Santa Rosa, Mrs.
Robert S. Browne, Mrs. C. N. Lonllsk, Mrs.
John A. Brltton. Miss Alice Britton, Miss
Clara Scott of San Francisco.
OAKJjAND, Aug. 11. — Even the arun emll^d
kindly on Mm. J. Walter Scott's hospitable
efforts to-day. Sol wrs shining out warmly for
the first time in weeks and assisted very ma
terially in making her Tahitian afternoon one
of the delightful eventi of the sfamn. The
affair was complimentary to Miss Florence
Brown.
By Zoe Green Radcliffe.
OAKLAND, Aug. 11.— The grand
council" of the Young Men's Institute
will convene at Crockett on Monday,
and the committee which has been ap
pointed to arrange for the reception
of the delegates is now working dili
gently to make the convention a suc
cess. R. P. RIthet, president of the
Hawaiian Sugar Company, has agreed
to open the Hotel Crockett for the
accommodation of the delegates, and
the Board of Supervisors of Contra
Costa County have Instructed Harry
Rapp, who is }n charge, of thq county
exhibit at St. Louis, to make a dis
play of Contra Costa. County products
at Crockett during the convention. .
The most Important business which
will come before the convention will be
the adoption of a new ritual and the
appointment of a permanent organizer.
Committee Is Arranging - Grand Re>
. . ception for Delegates to the
Grand Council.
YOUNG MEN'S INSTITUTE
TO MEET AT CROCKETT
TAH1T1AN TEA.
Little Willie was prolific with expla
nations when taken to the City Prison
to await the coming of his foster par
ent. He stoutly denied at the outset
that he had been away from home.
Later he amended that tale by an
nouncing that two men had driven him
out of the house about 9:30 o'clock last
evening while Massie and his wife were
absent. The boy insisted that this
was the reason why he had disappear
ed. He likewise said he had remained
all night in the lot where he was found
to-day. At all events, Massie was glad
enough to have the missing boy re
stored to him. *
In a vacant lot at Twelfth and
Chestnut streets, two blocks from his
home, Willie Massie, 10 years old, who
disappeared strangely last night from
the residence of his cousin and guar
dian, John A. Massie, at 1015 Linden
street, was found this afternoon by
Policeman Thomas Pardee. The boy
was not abducted and his reappearance
absolves Mrs. Nellie Massie, his moth
er, from suspicion that she knew any
thing about the youngster's absence.
John A. Massie declared last night
that his ward had been kidnaped.' He
linked his aunt's name with the disap
pearance because there had recently
been a contest in the courts over the
guardianship of the boy. Massie, who
has cared for his little cousin for sev
eral years, won the battle. He believed
that his aunt, the boy's mother, had
taken her son.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway. Aug. 11.
The growth of the agricultural or In
terior portion of the county has not
kept pace with the manufacturing sec
tion along the bay shore and the coun
ty will have to be redlstricted at some
time. Richmond wants a Supervisor
and is going to get one if It can.
The second district has for its cen
ters of population Walnut Creek and
Danville and the San Ramon Valley.
It is now represented by J. M. Stow of
Walnut Creek. He is the only Repub
lican on the board, though the county
is Republican as a whole. The third
district has E. J. Randall of Concord
for its representative and includes a
small section at the western base of
Mount Diablo. The fourth district Is
represented by Paul de Martini of
Clayton and comprises that town and
Black Diamond. The fifth district com
prises the eastern part of the county
and Antioch. It is represented by J.
D. Wightman. The present members,
except Stow, are all candidates for re
nomination by the parties to which
they belong. Stow will not again be
a candidate. Torney and Randall are
holdovers.
The redistricting of the county came
before the board upon the petition of
C. A. Odell, who asked the board a
week ago to take such action. At this
week's meeting the board decided to
drop the entire matter until after elec
tion. Odell is believed to represent a
desire upon the part of the growing
section of Richmond to have the su
pervisorial lines so drawn that a Su
pervisor would come from that city.
The present supervisorial districts of
Contra Costa were arranged when the
agricultural portion of the county con
tained the bulk of the population. But
the extensive water front along the
western shore, particularly, from Point
Richmond to Port Costa, has grown so
rapidly that now it contains fully one
half the population of the county. All
this coast, including the towns of
Richmond, .Stege, San Pablo, Pinole,
Hercules, Crockett. Port Costa and the
county seat, Martinez, are in Super
visorial District No. 1, which contains
more voters than the other four dis
tricts together. This district is now
represented by Patrick Tormey, who
still has two years to serve. In this
district a total of 2177 votes were cast
two years ago, -while the second dis
trict only cast B65 votes, the third dis
trict 454, the fourth district 308 and the
fifth district 759/ ?
The Board of Supervisors of Contra
Costa County has finally decided not to
redistrict the county before the coming
elsction. The Supervisors take as their
ground the fact that to make any
change now would cause confusion at
the coming election. They assert that
the present supervisorial district lines
are well known by the voters and that
to make a change upon the eve of an
election when three Supervisors are to
be elected would put both voters and
candidates to needless trouble and
confusion.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
T 1016 Broadway, Aug. 11.
Dr. W. W. Allen, president of the
Board of Education; Dr. F. Oberg, J.
G-. Wright and the Rev. J. Stitt Wilson
attacked vaccination on the ground
that It is not a positive preventive of
smallpox, that it is fatal to many pa
tients and that it has affected human
health In many cases, particularly in
Increasing the tendency toward tuber
culosis.
C. F. Van Luven of Oakland and
Wilbur Walker of Oakland related
their experiences with vaccination and
the struggle that followed their efforts
to evade what they considered an un
just law. Van Luven said that he had
been compelled to take, his children
from the schools on account of the
law. Walker disclaimed any desire to
quarrel with those who advocate vac
cination, but did not deem it justice
that children should be excluded from
the schools because they were not vac
cinated. "It doesn't seem consistent,"
he said, "to exclude children from the
public schools and allow them to go
to private schools or to Sunday schools
or to mingle on the streets. There is
no question that the law is in force
and perhaps the only thing to do is
To seek its repeal. Tiut in my judgment
There 5s a legal remedy, even If the
courts have upheld the law.". .
That there Is a strong senti
ment among the people of Berkeley
agraisst vaccination was manifest to
night," when 300 of them met in Odd
Fellows' Hall and after listening to
stirring speeches pledged themselves to
protest with all their might before the
next Legislature against the compul
sory vaccination law. The opponents
of the measure banded themselves in
an anti-vaccination society and plan
to make this the nucleus for a great
association, composed of societies all
over the State, organized specifically
to fight for the repeal of the law. Dr.
W. W. Allen is president of the society,
Mrs. Eugenia C. Campbell the secretary
and "the Rev. J. Stitt Wilson treasurer.
'. Odd Fellows' Hall was crowded to
its capacity with men and women when
Chairman Thomas Harm called the
meeting: to order. A series of speeches,
directed against vaccination, met with
the approval of the protestants, the
feeling against the practice being in
tense.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
° . 2148 Center street, August 11.
Both victims of the accident are
members of Local Union No. 31, Bridge
and Structural Iron Workers. They live
in San Francisco.
The breaking: of a scaffolding plank
this afternoon at the new Hearst min
ing building on the university campus
precipitated two workmen to the
ground and perhaps fatally hurt one of
them. John Connolly was frightfully
bruised and was injured Internally.
Thomas Fay escaped with a severe
shaking up. The doctors say that Con
nolly may not live.
The men were at work painting the
steel structural work of the mining
building and were forty-eight feet
above the ground when the accident oc
curred. Their fall was caused by both
Btepping on the scaffolding plank at' the
same time. Under ordinary circum
stances the plank would not have
broken with their weight, but this one
happened to have a flaw In it.
In falling Fay went clear to the
ground and landed on a heap of cin
ders, which lessened the force of the
concussion. His comrade was less for
tunate, however, for in his downward
flight he struck a crossbeam and thus
received his injuries.
. The men were picked up a few min
utes after their fall by the other work
men, who at once sought medical aid.
Drs.'A. M. Carpenter and T. C. Mc-
Cleave treated Connolly temporarily
and then had him removed to the East
Bay Sanatorium, where he lies in a crit
ical condition. Fay was able to go home
with assistance.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Aug. 11.
Society Formed to Conduct
Crusade Throughout State
for Legislative Action
Jane WatJon Thomas (widow) to Rarmh IT.
Gregory, lot 8. map of La Loma Park. Berke
ley; $10.
Anna R. and Georg* E- Wellington to Th»
llolmeg Investment Company (corporation), lot
on 8W corner of Russell street and Telegraph
avenue. S 135.32. XV 113.22. N 13O.8O. E 133.2*.
lots 8 and 9. block E. Suburban Tract, Berke
ley: $10.
Georgo N. Williams (single) to William Boa
cow, lot on Stt" corner of Pacific avenu* and
Chapln street. XV 130 by S 150. block 1, Chapia
Tract. Alameda: $10.
Emella C. or Emily C. and O. Ouataaon
to J. Couralet fslngle) lot on XW corner of
Fatrvlaw and Harper streets. JT 100 by W 30.
portion of lot £. block 4. map ot property of
A. B. Dixon. Berkeley; J1O.
Mrs. B. O. or Mr». O. B. or Carolina 8.
Dahly (widow) to Cecelia M. Sbuttlewortli (now
Cecelia M. Greer). lot on V.* lino of Linden
street. 130 X of Eighteenth. N' 44 by XV • 132.
lot 6, block «12. subdivision map Alfred Bar
atow Tract, Oakland (deed made to correct de
scription and names in 258 D. 117); $ia
Cecelia M. Greer (Shuttleworth> and John
Greer (husband) to Charles H. Kegley. iam»;
$10.
Eugenie Schenk (wife of Carl A.) to Eugenia
Schenk (daughter), lot on NW corner of Cen
tral avenue and Wlllcw «treet. N 123 by W
47:6. lot 15. block A. Oakland Point Homettead
Tract. Oakland; gift.
Jane F. and Margaret Sexton (trustee* un
der deed of trust made by V. R. Raymond et
al January 26. 1804) to Patrick Sexton. lot
on M line of Ninth atreet. 100 W of Alic«. W
BO by N 100. lots 24 and 23. block 122. Kel
lersberger's map; al» lot on N lias of Ninth
street. 150 W of Alice. W 5 by N 10O. portion
lot 2«, block 122. nine, quitolaJm deed; $10.
Harlow P. Bancroft to Anna A. Kyle, lot on
W line of Grove street. 175 N of Fifty- fourth.
N 40 by W 113.84. portion lots IS and 14. block
S, Alpine Tract. Oakland: $10.
Vesta » Colby (widow) to Hariey W. Klt
tlnger. lot" on S line of Joy (or Sixty-third)
str-et. 374 15 W of Colby. W 100 by S 10O, lot*
11 and 12. block 1. Roberta and WolfskiU Tract,
Oakland: $1GO.
Harlry W. and Julia M. Kittingrer to Rob
ert U Hoffman, lot on S line of Joy (or Sixty
third) street, distant thereon 440.15 . W 3-t
by S ICO (parallel with Colby>. portion lot ll. (
block 1. same. Oakland; $10.
Bertha Halnes (widow) to Oscar B. Wulbern.
lot 9. block 3. Daley' a Scenic Park Tract.
Berkeley; $10.
Frederick II. and Vlrgtnla F. Dakln to F.
H Pitman, lot on- NE comer of Rose and.
Spnioe streets. E 50:5. X 135. W 50, S 135:4,
lot 2. tlock E. Berry man Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Annie M. Baker (single) to J. and Oirolln*
Souffraine (wife), lot on E lin« of Sacramento
mreet. 1C3 S of Virginia. 8 30 by E 130, portion
of lots 4 and 3. block 3. map Teachers' Stats
University Homestead. Berkeley; $10.
Honor* and Mary E. Blais <wifo) to M.
Marsh. I* Fremant and A Shenson. lot or»
NW corner of Eighth and Madison »tre«tB. N
S7:« by XV 115. block 83, KtllerBberger's Map.
Oakland; $10.
Marietta and Charlen H. Dou«!m to Helen
F. Larimer, lot 43. Locksley Square. Oakland;
$10.
Hibernla Savings and Loan Society to J. S.
Burpee. lot on N lino of Knox trentn, 173.13
E of Grovo street. "W 85. N 94.84. E 34.B7. S
07.S7, Oakland: $1060.
J. S. and Josephine Burpee* to Jennl» M.
Saunders. same. Oakland; $10.
Alameda County.
THURSDAY. AUGUST 11
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTION'S.
Section Along the Bay Shore
Now Outstrips Interior
in Point of Population
Explains His Absence Over
Night by Tales That Fail
to Convince His Hearers
John Connolly and Thomas
Fay Sustain Serious In
jury—Former May Die
WATER FRONT GROWS
ORGANIZE FOR REPEAL
MISHAP AT UNIVEKSITY
SAYS MEN SCARED HIM
Breaking Plank Hurls Down
Employes Engaged on the
Hearst Mining Building
Willie Massie Is Found by
the Police in a Vacant
Lot Not Far From Home
Vaccination Statute Fierce
ly Denounced at a Meet
k ing of Berkeley Citizens
Contra Costa Supervisors
Decide That It Would
Tend to Confuse the Voters
BITTER FIGHT
AGAINST LAW
WORKMEN FALL
FROM SCAFFOLD
MISSING BOY
NOT ABDUCTED
DISTRICTS WILL
NOT BE CHANGED
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', FRIDAY. AUGUST 12, 190J.
After Three Days of Brakebeams and Hay
stacks, Ernest Gollinge, Eieven Years
Old, Comes Home — Naive Tale of Travels
BOY HOBO FINDS TRAMP LIFE
NOT SO GAY AS IT IS PAINTED
ELEVEN-TEAR-OLJ) ALAMEDA BOY WHO RAN* AWAY FROM HOME TO
VISIT THE WORLD" S FAIR AT 6T. LOUIS AND WHO SLEPT IN HAY
, STACKS AND RODE BRAKE^EAMS FOR THREE DAYS
FIRE BURNS ROOF.— OAKUlKD. Aug.
11. — Fir* at 1:30 o'clock this morninf destroyed
the roof of M. G. Crosby's reildenc*, 817 Union
¦tre«u ...
, ALAMEDA, Aug. 11.— The quarter
ly convention of the Alameda County
Endeavor Union meets at, the First
Presbyterian Church : in this city to
morrow." There will be an opening
praise service at 8:30 o'clock, followed
by a basket lunch at 6:45. In the
evening . the meeting : will be opened
by a* vesper service beginning at 7:15
o'clock.
Quarterly Convention.
ALAMEDA, Aug. 11. — Work was
commenced this afternoon removing
the remains of the horses incinerated
in the lire that destroyed the Graham
stables last night.. The work is be
ing prosecuted by the city. It has
been learned that the Insurance on
the stables is very little and the loss
to the owner will therefore be great
Two firemen of the, Sherman Hose
Company, the Dillon brothers, were
slightly burned.
Loss on Buildings and Stables Burned
Wednesday Night in Alameda
Is Heavy.
4
ADV^ERTISEMEXTS.
A Free Trial Bottle of
sent on receipt of xoc. to pay
postage. Positively relieves and
cures Oak or Ivy Poisoning',
Sunburn, Prickly Heat, Hives,
and immediately takes the sting
out of Mosquito Bites. A mar-
velous remedy for burns, and
will positively prevent blood poi-
soning from cuts or abrasions.
Sold by leading drug/fists.
None ceaulne without ay signature.
610 Prince Su. N«w Y«rk.
Sni tor fr*« B««kLt am "Hr» to trwi 41b.
•mot," ewxuiaiag ka*4nd> «f l»iHm»fel« af
w •¦ 4<trfal eaiaa. j
f500 $500
Worth of the
FRESHEST AND BEST
COFFEE
DISTRIBUTED FREE BY THE
CALL
TO ITS WANT AD PATRONS.
A pound can of
J. A. FOIGER'S GOLDEN
- , GATE COFFEE
WILL BE GIVEN FREE
TO EVERY WANT
ADVERTISER
IX NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
Only one can of this high
. class coffee will be given to a
want advertiser, and none but
tnoec presenting a bona~flde
want ad to tlui.buslness office of
this paper on Thursday, Friday
and Saturday for Insertion in
THE WANT COLU3IXS-
OF NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
•Will be entitled to receive tliis
premium.
See announcement, classified
paces.
BEANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND.
. 1016 Broadway.
Telephone Main 1083.
| .. BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street. »'
Telephone North 77.
, ALAMEDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 559.SAN JOSE,- Aug. 11.— Aticles of In
corporation of the Hotel Nobill Com
pany were filed to-day. The company
will build : a modern hotel in the town
of Santa v Clara. The capital of the
company is $75,000 of which $3500 Is
subscribed.
New Hotel for Santa Clara.
E. V. Smith, 2175 Pacific avenue,
secured a warrant from Police Judge
Conlan yesterday for the arrest of
Ah Len, a Chinese, on charges of petty
larceny and misdemeanor . embezzle
ment. Ah • Len- was arrested by ¦¦ De
tective Ed Gibson. He was employed
by Smith as a servant. . He is accused
of stealing two bottles of champagne
and a bottle of whisky on August 7
and of embezzling $19 65 on July 28,
which he received to pay a bill.
Chinese Servant -in Trouble.
The Bank of Huntlngton *3each.
Orange County, has been incorporated
with a capital of $25,000, 50 per cent
of which 'has been paid up. The of
ficers of the bank. are S. Townsend,
president; P. H. S. Hazeltine, vice
president, and J. F. Heartwell. secre
tary and cashier. . The board of di
rectors includes the officers named and
A. M. Gobdhue, L. E. Grlgsby, W. L.
Campbell, F. E. Robinson, D. M, Cate
and W. L. Porterfield.
Bank Is Incorporated.
TACOMA, Wash., Aug. 11.— "Indian
Antoine," a well-known character or
Okanogan County, was shot four times
and killed last night in a drunken row
three miles south of Loomis. A young
man named Hill did the shooting. An
toine was known as a bad Indian, be
ing a terror to all women and children
who knew him. .
Coroner Goggins and Prosecuting
Attorney Pendergast investigated the
case. In view of the fact that the
dead Indian was so much disliked ana
feared they concluded that an inquest
was unnecessary, as a verdict of jus
tifiable homicide would be returned.
Hill has not been arrested.
Officers Waive Formal .Investigation
and Assume That Shootinsc
Was Justified.
INDIAN KDLLED. BUT
INQUEST UNNECESSARY
Falls From Wagon and Is Killed.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 11. — Antonio Can
chelll, an 'Italian laborer, was thrown
from his wagon to-day and killed. His
horse shied at a streetcar and the
wagon seat fell off, taking Canchelli
with it. He leaves a wife and .chil
dren.
At Dinuba, Tulare County, Deputy
Fish Commissioner Flam arrested M.
E. Hulberton yesterday for having
more than fifty doves in his posses
sion. Hulberton had seventy-seven
doves in two sacks and was shipping
them to L. Scatena in this city. In
hi? defense Hulberton claims that the
twenty-seven extra doves belonged' to
ii friend. The case comes before
Judge Fulton to-day.- -
B. E. Coombs, the owner of a
butcher shop and market in Alameda,
was arrested yesterday by Deputy
Fish Commissioner J. I. Sedgly for
selling striped bass weighing less than
three pounds. He was fined $20.
Deputy Fish Commissioner H." I.
Pritchard arrested R. Sheekles at San
ta Monica for having in his possession
a fresh deer skin. Judge Jenness fined
him $25.
Violators of the Game Laws In This
State Are Fined by
FISH COMMISSIONERS
MAKE THREE ARRESTS
SAUSALITO, Aug. 11. — The case of
the people vs. Frederick Marriott,
who was recently arrested by Marshal
Hannon for refusing to pay his an
nual street poll tax of $1, was heard
to-day before Judge Pryor.
Marriott was previously arraigned,
but his attorney interposed a long de
murrer to the complaint on the
ground that the ordinance is uncon
stitutional. The interest of the pub
lic In the case was evinced by the
large crowd that filled the courtroom
to listen to the proceedings.
Judge Pryor, after hearing the ar
guments on both sides, decided to
withhold his decision for a few days.
Constitutionality of Sausallto's Street
Poll Tax Questioned by De
fendants' Luwycrs.
ATTORNEYS ARG17E ON
THE MARRIOTT CASE
PUEBLO, Colo., Aug. 11. — Careful
revision of the lists of dead and miss
ing confirms the original estimate
that not less than 100 lives were lost
in the flood which wrecked the Mis
souri Pacific fast train on the Denver
and Rio Grande Railroad near Eden
Sunday night. Seventy-nine bodies
have been recovered, nineteen pasen
gers on the wrecked train are miss
ing and ten other persons are unac
counted for.
Developments indicate that the bod
ies of the missing victims have been
sucked into- the quicksand and will
never.be recovered.
The body of George W. Geppert has
been recovered and identified.
Developments Indicate That Remains
of Victims Were Enjjulfed by
Quicksands.
MANY BODIES WILL NEVER
BE RECOVERED FROM WRECK
PALO ALTO. Aug. 11. — Timothy
Hopkins has presented to the Stanford
library a large number of valuable
books dealing with Egyptian history.
These volumes are English transla
tions of all available information upon
this subject. Perhaps the most valu
able single volume in the collection
Is a translation and transliteration of
"The Papyrus of Anl: The Book of the
Dead."
Timothy Hopkins Presents Large
Number of Books Dealinc With
Ancient Esrypt.'
rare: works are given
to stanford library
CLEARS UP 3FTSTERY THAT
BAFFLED ST. LOUIS POLICE
Nebraska Prisoner Confesses He Killed
Officer Reedy in May, 1903.
LINCOLN, Nebr., Aug. 11. — James
Golden, who -was arrested by the Lin
coln police after he had tried to kill
himself with a knife, confessed to-day
that he was the slayer of Officer
Reedy of East St. Louis, 111., who wa;
killed on May 5, 1903. Golden said
that he and his brother. John Golden,
killed Reedy. The crime has been"
a mystery and liberal rewards have
been offered.
Golden said he was tired of beins
a tramp and eluding the police and
wanted to die. The wounds inflicted
upon himself are not fatal.
LOSES POUR FINGERS BT MACHIXEHT.
John Cook, a machinist, working at tftt
American Box Factory, had four flnters »•»
hia right hand cut off yesterday by machinery
HARTFORD. Conn., Aug. 11. — All
union men" employed on buildings in
process of construction in Hartford
were locked out to-day as an answer
to the unions, which decided to sup
port the sympathetic strike against a
contractor who has had a disagree
ment with a discharged bricklayer
over a bill of 75 cents for overtime.
Hartford Builders Lock Out Employes
Because of Strike.
FORCE MEN TO QUIT.
Those care for the grandest stage
ride in California, through the health-
Riving high hills and scenery that makes
poems possible, are reserving seats on
thfS'inta Fe stages for Yosemite Valley.
Th«» Santa F<? rate for a seven-day trip
with 3M f>xr>ensps is $43.00. Ask about it
'iit «41 Market street. *
Titos*' Who Care.
• CHICAGO. Aug. 11. — David Kelly,
a member of the "boy bandit" quartet,
has been found guilty of complicity in
the murder of John Lane, a stage car
penter at the Illinois Theater, by a
jury in Judge Chytraus' court and he
was sentenced to life imprisonment in
the penitentiary.
Ikjj "Bandit G<ts Life Sentence.
Attorney. Perry is authority for the
statement that his client, Clark, will
Immediately sue the insurance firm
for $100,000 damages for defamation
of character.
Clark's attorney is G. H. Perry and
his complaint is -irected against J.
E. Bell and A. D. Harrison, doing an
insurance business as Catton, Bell &
Co. Clark avers that for ten years
prior to March 21, 1903, he was em
ployed ns general manager of the con
cern on a promise. of $7500 a year, be
sides a percentage of the proceeds -of
the business. He alleges that the firm
has failed to account for the percent
age due him and he sues for $18,000
upon the basis of his information as
to the amount of business done.
The suit against Clark is brought by
the firm through its attorney, Francis
J. Heney. They recite that they em
ployed Clark on June 30, 1899, at a
fixed salary and that his services ceas
ed March 31. 1903. They declare that
he has been in their debt, since De
cember 31, 1902. for $768148 under
a running open account agreed upon
between them, whereby the firm
loaned him money, paid his debts to
other persons and bought | goods for
him. When the account was balanced
the firm owed him $300 for services
and he was indebted for the difference
named.
There is a wide difference In the
opinions of W. F. Clark and Catton,
Bell & Co. as to the amounts of money
due from each to the other. Clark
says that the firm owes him $18,000,
and the firm declares that Clark is. in
debt to it in the sum of J7GS1 48. Both
sides filed suits yesterday in the Su
perior Court. . " r
Two Suits Filed in Which Each Side
Claims Large Amount of
Money Coming.
MANAGER AND FIRM .
DIFFER AS TO DUES
CHICAGO, Aug. 11. — A committee
from the Chicago Federation of Labor
called upon the ready-mady clothing
manufacturers this afternoon and ask
ed the employers to meet the striking'
cutters, bushelmen and trimmers. The
firms flatly refused, saying that they
had decided to operate under the open
shop policy and had nothing to dis
cuss with their employes.
Decline to Meet Strikers.
Ready-Made Clothing Manufacturers
NEW YORK, Aug. 11. — The strike
of the United Garment Workers
against the open shop, which began
about two months ago, Was declared
off. It is claimed by the employers
that the ranks of the strikers had
dwindled from 32,000 to 5000.
The strikers have made individual
agreements with the employers, but all
on an open shop basis, though in
many cases all the men taken back
will remain union men. It is esti
mated that the strikers lost between
$1,500,000 and $2,000,000 in wages. .
REFUSE CONFERENCE.
Garment Workers' Strike Declared Off
and Men Go to Work.
AGREE -TO OPEN SHOP.
The following were appointed a- com
mittee of formation to prepare a pro
gramme of entertainment: Mayor
Schmitz, I. J. . Truman, A. Sbarboro,
William McMurray. T. H. Goodman,
Benjamin Ide Wheeler, David . Starr
H. T. Scott said the Union Iron
Works would help out by launching the
warship Milwaukee and would throw
open the Ohio. California and South
Dakota to the visitors, as well as pro
vide them with transportation down
the bay to the shipyard.
Admiral Whiting, commandant of the
Yerba Buena training station, said vis
itors would be taken to^Goat Island
and shown how the Navy Department
educated its sailors.
General Passenger Agent T. H. Good
man of the Southern Pacific Company
mentioned the preparations made by
the railroads all over the country to
handle the great crowds coming this
way next month. Many who had al
ready engaged transportation would
extend their visit to the State for
weeks.
FOR CONVENIENCE OF VISITORS.
Rolla V. Watt suggested that a cir
cular be prepared containing all infor
mation necessary for^he assistance of
the . strangers, as this had been done
with advantage when the Christian En.
deavorers were here.
Jacob Neff promised that an Interest
ing mineral exhibit would be made. In
reply to a question Colonel Pippy said
that arrangements had already been
made to lodge 16,000 visitors.
Mayor Scbmitz, called on for a sug
gestion, answered by promising his
hearty co-operation in every way In
any preparation the committee might
make.
* That no minor detail for the recep
tion of the visitors might be over
looked, a number of prominent citi
zens of San Francisco meet in the
Maple room of the Palace Hotel yes
terday afternoon to prepare a pro
gramme of entertainment. Colonel
George W. Pippy, as chairman, said
that the welcome for the strangers
must come also from the people of
this city and State and not alone from
the Knights Templar. No one could
begin to estimate, the chairman con
tinued, the benefits that would come
to San Francisco and to California
with the thirty or forty thousand
strangers, not alone in the vast sum
of money that would be spent by the
visitors on this coast, but in the
greater good that would spring from
an exhibition of this State and her re
sources. The local members of the or
der had prepared for the care of the
guests while In this city, but there
would be visits to other j parts of the
State and arrangements must be made
for these.'
It is probable that every civilized
state on the globe will contribute to
this conclave.
Hospitable San Francisco will meet
the great army of strangers at her
gates next month and their reception
will be splendid and thorough in its
cordiality. During the great Chris
tian Endeavor Convention here it was
estimated that 40.000 visitors lodged in
this city that week. The twenty-ninth
Triennial Conclave of the Knights
Templar, which will convene here from
September 5 till the 12th, Js expected
to bring quite as large a number.
Unlike the conclave held here years
ago, this meeting will be attended by
Templars from all over the world.
The Knights of foreign lands are even
now traveling toward the great meet
ing by the western sea. Several parties
have started from different points in
Europe and Asia and the first to leave
England will set out from London to
morrow. This company of eminent
Britons is headed by the Most Eminent
and Supreme Grand Master of the
Grand Priory of England and Wales,
the Earl of P^uston. They will leave
England August 13 and will arrive in
Chicago August 2 4, when the foreign
relations committee of the Grand En
campment, General John C. Smith
chairman, will take charge of its en
tertainment. The party also includes
Charles F. Matier, great vice chancel
lor; Charles E. L. Wright, past grand
prelate; Abraham Woodiwiss, Thomas
Phipps Dbrman, Alfred J. Thomas and
Thomas Fraser, all Masons of the
highest degree.
FROM ALL CIVILIZED LANDS.
' «'olorado .ludrc Holds That Sum
mons Served on Ills Wife
Was Local.
; DENVER, Aug. 11. — Judge John I.
;Mullins of the District Court to-day
• sustained the validity of the summons
terved on Mrs. Genevieve Chandler
J'hipps in New Tork City in the di
vorce proceedings instituted here by
her husband. Lawrence C. Phipps, the
millionaire Pittsburg steel manufac
- The motion of Mrs. Phipps* counsel
to quash the summons was overruled
"SS to the defendant, but was sustained
so far as the United States Steel Cor
l'<'ration. J. P. Morgan & Co.. and the
1'nited States Trust Company are con
cerned, thus permitting payments of
dividends :md interest to Mrs. Phipps
pn securities standing in her name.
riHPPS WI.YS FIRST POINT
1\ HIS DIVORCE CASE
Jordan, Frank J. Symmes, A. E. Beck,
R. P. Jennings. R. V. Watt, Admiral
Whitingr, George E. Morse, A. G. Mc-
Adie. J. P. Currie, F. W. Dohrmann,
Henry T. Scott and Frank L. Brown.
The Mayor was made chairman of the
committee, which was directed to re
port at his ofiiee. City Hall, next Tues
day afternoon at 2 o'clock. W. de St.
Paul Seitz is secretary.
The general committee of citizens will
meet in the Maple room of the Palace
Hotel at 3 o'clock next Wednesday aft
ernoon. S. L. Lent is secretary.
HEAD Or THE GRAND PRIORY OF
ENGLAND AND WALES. WHO WILL.
ATTEND TEMPLAR CONCLAVE.
When the strike leaders were in
formed of the determination of the
packers to refuse to enter into further
conferences with the unionists, j they
began to form plans to. force the hand
of the legal department of the United
States Government in an endeavor to
bring about a settlement. ; This move
ment was decided upon by the legal
advisers of the strikers after they had
received what they considered reliable
information that the 'Attorney General
would not make a move to bring into
operation the perpetual injunction now
held by the Government against com
binations among the packing firms un
less ordered to do so by President
Roosevelt. The plan in effect is this:
To-morrow or next day an action
will be started in the Federal Court in
the name of a striker who holds stock
in one of the biggest of the packing
concerns, demanding that the injunc
tion be put into operation, on the
ground that the illegal combination
still exists and. through it, the share
holders are suffering loss. This, it is
expected by the strike leaders, will in
duce President Roosevelt to take up
the fight and force the packers to pro
duce their books, contracts and agree
ments in open court. Such a step, it is
believed by the strikers, will bring the
packers to terms and end the struggle.
While standing on his doorstep to
night John Schuman, a strike breaker,
was attacked by rioters and severely
kicked and beaten.
"We were courteously received, by a
committee representing the packers
and were informed that considering all
that had passed and present conditions
no good reason existed why any fur
ther conference with the strikers would
be beneficial."
CHICAGO, Aug. 11.— The stock
yards strike to-night seems ho nearer
a settlement than it did the day the
struggle began. The efforts of a com
mittee composed of retail butchers and
grocers to bring about a conference
between the packers and strike lead
ers was of no avail to-day. The re
tailers' committee was in conference
with Edward Tilden, John Maurer,
Thomas Wilson and Thomas J. Con
ners, representing the packers, for
three hours this afternoon and at the
end of the meeting the following state
ment was given out by the committee
of business men:
By that time the Sheriffs deputies
besan to appear and one shot was fired
from the courthouse. Gravelle then
' van one block eastward, where he tried
to mount a horse that happened to be
hitched there. He was too hotly press
ed, however, and continued down an
alloy and across a lot to Fifth avenue,
<lnw n which he was chased by Raab,
who had joined in the pursuit. Turn
in? down Sixth avenue a moment later
• Gravelle took refuge in the alley beside
Governor Toole's house, from where
' hb emptied his revolver at Raab. Raab
and Deputy Sheriff Spurzcm fired six
j-.hots at Graveile there and the escap
• ing prisoner, wounded, ran into the
basement of the Governor's house,
where he blew out his brains.
The escape took place at 2 o'clock as
Omvelle was about to be led from the
jail to the courtroom in the county
building across the street. Deputy
Sheriff Korizek and Jailor Jones were
iti the ofiiee when the former led Grav
•viie out of his cell. Suddenly Gravelle
drew a revolver and pointed it at the
• deputy. The latter made a move
toward his weapon and Gravelle fired
•twice at him, both bullets taking effect.
One struck Korizek in the breast a
few inches from his heart. Jones was
'uoi armed and threw up his hands.
/JravelJe ordered the jailor to open the
'door of the jail, which he did. He
;ihen deliberately walked out of the
jail and to the street corner, thirty feet
ii \\ a y.
After an exchange of shots Gravelle
ran into the basement of the Govern
" or's house, where he shot and killed
'himself. He had been wounded by bul
lets from the revolvers of his pur
suers.
I HELENA. Mont., Aug. 1L— Isaac
Gravelle, on trial for robbing a powder
.house near Helena last September of
powder, which was used in
•vireckins Northern Pacific trains, es
• caped from the Lewis and Clark Coun
;ty this afternoon after probably
• fatally shocrling Tony Korizek, a dep
"_uty sheriff. Pursued by deputies and
".Johr Ksab. a butcher who was armed,
.. Gt&yelle took refuge in an alley beside
•ihe residence of Governor Joseph K.
-..Toole, where a pistol duel took place.
Will Seek to Have Enforced
Federal Court Injunction
Against Trade Combines
Jail Breaker Sends Bullet
Into His Brain When Of
ficers Locate His Refuge
CORNERED BY DEPUTIES
EMPLOYES TO TRY LAW
•Escaped Prisoner, After Ex
: changing Shots With His
: Pursuers, Ends Own Life
Merchants' Committee Fails
to Induce the Packers to
Confer With Union Men
PREFERS DEATH
TO RECAPTURE
END OF STRIKE
STILL DISTANT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, 'AUGUST 12, 1904.
Earl of Euston, Grand Master of British
Knights Templar, Starts To-Morrow for
This City — Thousands of Others Coming
EMINENT GUESTS OF CONCLAVE
WILL BE WELCOMED WITH HONOR
5
•^¦¦¦^ mcicscri b<ibLc £ c 21 r» tor
of the suffering and danger in store for her, robs the expectant mother
of all pleasant anticipations of the coming event, and casts over her a
shadow of gloom which cannot be shaken off. Thousands of -women
have found that the use* of. Mother's Friend during pregnancy rob»
confinement of all pain and danger, and insures safety to life of mother
and child. This scientific liniment is a god-send to all women at the
time of their most critical trial. Not only does Mother's Friend
carry women safely through the perils of child-birth, bat its use
gently prepares the 'system for the coming erent, prevents "morning
6ickness," and other dis- —^
comforts of this period. fflfjW ffffir Tj^ffldff^T/¥^ P 1^?^
Sold by all druggists at SWB^^ M OB ESaBm W?
$1.00 per bottle. Book ammae* m —^
containing valuable information free. A 17afli Affjj)
The BrarfheU RafvUftor Co.. AOmM. 5*. B BUB On JfW ELS
ADVERTISEMENTS.
$500 — ¦ $500
Worth of the
FRESHEST AXD BEST
COFFEE
DISTRIBUTED FREE BY THE
CAIilj
TO ITS WANT AD PATRONS.
A pound can of.
J. A. FOLGER'S GOLDEN
GATE COFFEE
WIIiL. BE GIVEN FREE
TO EVERY WANT
' ADV^ITISEK
IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
Only one can of this liigh
class coffee, will/ be jflven to a
want advertiser,' and none but
those presenting a bona fide
want ad to the business office of
tlUs paper on Thursday, Friday
and Saturday for insertion in
THE WANT COIiU3INS
OF NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
Will be entitled to receive this
premium.
gee announcement, classified
paces.
ADVEltTISEMEXTS.
castoria"
For Infants ar.d Children.
Tiie Kind You Have Always Bought
. Sears the Sfl y/ 1?/i /r_ *
.Signature of (*6vx^7£ £c6CC£//t£
TO
YOSEMITE VALLEY
BY THE
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
.MEANS SEEING
ALLTHE BIG THINGS
Roads are oiled and dustless,
• meals pood and at a moder-
ate price; you ride through
the famous tunneled tree,
"WaTcona," and see the
"Grizzly Giant" and other
great trees in California's
' premier forest,' the Mariposa
• Bis Tree Grove; enter the
Valley at that breath-taking
place. Inspiration Point, and
Trhen you leave, go out by
way of Yosemite's most fa-
mous feature. Glacier Point.
TICKETS AWD STAGE BESEBVA-
TZOZrS AT SOUTHEEN
PACIFIC OFPICE.
613 KAXXET ST.. SAS FKAXTCZSCO.
CkDcwpr,sniOMitco. i *ffy
,^^ THEE3IPOR1UM. j . TOE JtarrORIUM^ j THE EMPORIUM.
jj— — : — : — — ¦ g
i |K Choice of 2® Bsew Styles 1 gj s
* 1O Soys'Sufts and Overcoats- y^J |
j Newest Fal! productions — made by reliable specialty tailors for boys — something ?
g for all the boys 2^2 to 16 years, including suits for the extra stout boys 10 to 16 5
j years. We picture four of the new styles, two of which you will observe are :5
tt suits with extra trousers. Don't overlook this great offer, your B nf% $
$ choice of 20 or more new styles for boys, all at 9&mUU $
*! Sailor Suits « P* lc - tgfffflk 4(£tok Long Overcoats
*> tu.cd, wkh extra s*~ "*v /"^V f^« cr bo / s 7 to l0 » &
ti pants to match, in ( /^^fc^H ToS^I jBll^-^Sjr Y* I C^ ac^ ° r P' a^ n »
*» navy, brown and \lpss2S — .? \ "u^i- with or without '^
K royal serges and gray /^a~*' 4 'V /K^'jo 1 *] /^^L^ 1^\. velvet collar, extra X
tf and brown mixtures, S^Ovi^V ™$r$\ /vl\ IL\ good vi.'ues. >r
j£ sizes 6 to 12 years. K j ¥^ p| ftV I 4vlY \v^%\ Dovble - Breasted %
K Russian Suits— \ , 9 \ Wi \ k VviftJ. W^ W LlSar Two-Pfecc Svits— 3
fc 1 Wi.h E:on or Mil l*~\ M NrTT JO^B»\ iffl JM^^ r ** tO l '^* '*
tary collar, fin V /W b\L^^ JsJ- //\jk) V«L c lJffl >^f a!so »ui:s for citra *^
* serges in nav/, \k f^y^^ T^^v \ *\ | ( 1 stout boys ioto 16; X
h brown, loyal and red; / M Vi \\ \\ 4 \x3^ >SS^&!f \ IV M all- wool C.'othj, in ;<
g Thompson Re?frrs for C_ XTS} " &| **^> raP^^^^^ RvSSfan OvcrCCatS 5
r| Me ton. heavy g;rg; or flffl |& ftl /^ '* t3 8 y " n; 4U - w0 ° 1 ?X
fe brown or Oxford. H» fflS* £/ ** ¦ lttre * and P lain eoion - '*•
| Pretty Hai Drapes (VStfJ'f) for 44c |
One of the best bargains our veiling buyer has come across in a long time. A jobher who wanted -*
a" the money more than he did the goods closed out to us tljis large lot of beautiful hat drapes at an $
$ • extraordinary reduction from regular wholesale prices, which enables us to offer them Jt/JLg* «
5 to-day .«and Saturday (if quantity fasts), each ... . * •,-/•. $
% ' Th.-sc drapes are iji \ards long; the co!os black, black and whit;, white and black, royal «[
Sa b!u?, golden brown; some p!a ; n. som: dotted, torn: embroidered in tasteful designs, some ,-f
, hemstitched border?, others with neat silk scroll edges; fh:y are worth up to $1.50 each. X
I . Some GharmiBiGg fZu MslSinery Ready \
fc° The first of the new ••Gage" hats for Fall just in; each hat an exclusive pattern. AU of the very latest shapes X
H of Turbans, Giinsboroughs, Colonials and iarge sailor effects are represented in this collection, in the new «
jj£ shades of brown, green, burn: onion, burrTt orange, etc., etc. One of these creations is made of peacock •*
breasts, combined with the new emerald green velvet, finished with handsome gold ornaments; it is in the new x
jf turban shape ani a most becoming hat to almst any style of face. Prices of thes? new hatt rang; from. . . . SS.OO to 325. GO **
I Men's Pieatied Bosom I ' ShSr * w gl*?- n ,*er> \
i - -- . Dresses, $12.50 [£]&6 ?
* Li^fe 5^/ Goaf vSharts worth UP to $25 a*7 *?
* /^ll^V^) Worth ry&gr* Just in from N=w York in time for this >fj\ -£
jt I ']• frTTp I ' $1mOQ * &*>* announcement, a ihipmen: of this W If X
i I U I • 1 T ° securc th * m « a P»« vve have * c " cn ' t late " Potions in .hire / \| lO\ 3
V i fill) closed out a lot of stylish go f want dresses for midsummer and esrlv / /1\P^ £
£ If! 'I! J shirts that wou'd be large enough fal wear; pretty figured and striped / r K^^C *
£ | f|| •). for an entire season', business for §l k J* u ! L '2* £" I jfik^ J 5
:£ Iwtv • met stores. They are made of tnd b-ck ttftu nlki and awtr yj^ *
I* I I J.I. /." fine shirtings, in neat strips and figu-ed whue India Sllki. beautifully tucked Tfjf «j
i j* i jl Jill . . efiVct?, w.th pleated frcnts and cuff* ar- and shirred, sakab'e for evening j I X
'¦ £ (I I 'f I " f tach;d, and at the sa'e prx: will probab y wear; also shirt waist suits of beauti- It '%
%' (. f.! /• all b= foae by clo, n . tim: to-morro* fal white si k dotted briUiantine, »tyie / i *
»¦> j 'I tt i{| U if ni?ht--an eitraordinaiy bargain lh:s: a: . . ¦¦'« I 1 X
J ~~^ M^: — J c ...... 73 o as P lcture "» eac " anc * evsry / ? x
»* v .* . , . c r .. one of these suits a creation, a / jj 'X 2
ii G3Od Suspended - Mm 1 * sizes, in a larg; variety of ftney wrbcings __Jf'"; mn A-\ , n A rh~ «..,., / V *\ *5
»* and buckles, i&tu value 35 c 5 to-day and Saturday, pair. . .ffl© P crfcct m ° deI « nd tbe V "Y <£ ¦ 1/
K' , e , newest of the nsvr; worth \r* to V\ /* v>>O t
tt Tine Silk Bow.-Men's lUe d bo.v3, mide f.om remnants or 5 cc { » aU j >^ /'^ %
S I sSav'in'v" 1 " 611 " PSm C " m 18O ™ Pr ''"' " Ch " '¦ * 12 ' SO %
!|.- ¦ ' — '• — ¦ h = ; — : ¦ S
\i Dainty Wash Sale of $1.5 O Dolls, The Six Best *
!| Laces, 5c a Yard * /Z{\ 9&c Selling Novels ?
!g Cotton Torchon Laces and M?$b To-day and Sat- Here for $1.O3 %
5 Insertions, in great variety of new ' )&Wk*L orday, if quantity Ths Lure o' Gold— Baiicy Miilard. %
! S patterns; the edges Jroni I }< to f % h ™> '9^-'°^ Th, Light of the Star- Hamlin Gar.aad. .j
iJ. * • .?..'. I.' HI iv§\ \ t n y :~; n , m -i ir.. rn .. The Crcssmg— ChurchiJ. X
J. 4)^ jnehes wide, the insernon vcJ VThii *uh jointed Kestner , q Sarch Unknown _ Robert w . X
* a from 3^ to 2*/ inche*; some of \V ATA dolls, with bisque chambers. "J
£ the prett'icit patterns you ever saw jg / |u U hsa ! iSl . $ ' f . Fp5n 5 e > es> when WUderne»W« King- Randall Parnih X
J for trimming all kinds of wash fl \W «^^h£ *™' """» "*«• S
Jf materias; worth up to 12}4 C a Jj' I \ \ dark or auburn hair), ""^~™™ 1 " ~"™ "^~^~™" '^
% yard, beginning tc-day, all |» // I \ \ at the very special price, 7*#t& ButtCt* Btttl )""
J at theone uniform price, yd.^g LlQUOr S3iCS |
* ITZ^rZ IT1 IT" ' 9&G Friday and Saturday 2
»' &1.5O SanaaiS 9&C — — ButtC— Ourbest Creamery, the reg- o X
!$ A,, fine vici New Belts, 50g cot^^lT^l^Z^^, |
V Bv^lSaj^ kid 3-Strap San- New shape crush Leather Belts — gi!t lb ' 29o X
K Hik hand-turn- buttons and straps in back and gilt Soda Crackers— Fr«h and crisp, bo«s X
*• ra T! % aA cnlac mo- harness buck.e . in front, colors • ' *.*,-• " " - ' " * ' T * " , JOC X
ft V *& eQ SO1SS, me~ , , ¦,- . . California Cream Cheese— New and mild, «
i v K j • tl • u b.ack, brown, tan. red and cham- „ IK . o--I *
• ?• >t*^^v d i u m h i o* h , , v , , z ibu Zoo x
•£» r- V i i P a gnc — one of haff dozen stvlcs. Port or Sherry— Good quality, regular 75c <g
\K French heels, j ust received from New York 50o *^*i.oogal '. . . 48c '£
\£ «;J7eS 2*/£ tO 7' Dart - Swett Wnes— Tokay.'Aajeika, 3
¦h MZCb 6/2 IU /, yan Madeira or Burgundy, r.-gularly X
\i of a belated shoe *^ /T^ /J* 0 %^-^v^ • • • sues
S shlDment'theUSUal ~/fl s%* f * * Amsrkan Club Whiskey-Hand ' x
£ MlipillCI lL ( lllCUSUai jfrrZ f> jMrMLMS U%S*s£ M 'M 'I BM>r made senr mash, gaL 5/.©^ *
J, j,. 5 o quality seommene. ilJtPll£/7UiJ4l//f A. V. B. C»-b»5«SpS2
% ing to-day and while y * s^ * * <fc^^-^ SM*rj€S x +^ r 9TrMMJ± =m , botti= St. 38 '•!
j: quantity lasts, tfftO^, C * UFORNIA ' S^ST; «j&imr^ LjM0m ' Budwtiser Ee£r-Qt s . S2.25 S
X pair . . . -^^^^S^^AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE Pinti * 1.35 %
f£ ' ' ' - 'PARIS. Aug. 11.— The Foreign Office con
flimi the report from Buenoa Ayres that a
state, of siege has been proclaimed in the re
public of Parasuay, owing to the fear of a
revolutionary outbreak.
Accused of Burglary.
• Cornelius Sweeney ' and " Cornelius
O'Brien were booked at the City
Prison yesterday on a charge of bur
glary. They are accused of breaking
Into the store of F. Mearns, Broadway
and Virginia place, on Wednesday
morning and stealing carpenters' . and
plumbers' tools.
Golf Tournament at Del Monte.
Remember the annual KOlf tournament at
Hotel Del Monte, August 18-22, Inclusive. Spe
cial nrizes and curs are ottered for champion
ships In various classes. •
Amateur Boxers Meet To-Night.
Joe Long and "Walter Mareno will
furnish the main event of the Bay
City Club's amateur show to-night at
the Mechanics' Pavilion Annex. Dick
Hyland and Jim Kane are to meet at
125 pounds, Frank McAuliffe will do
battle at 115 pounds. Three bouts
between well known amateurs will
complete the card.
EASTERX JOCKEY CLUB , *
MAY INVADE T1IE WEST
Terry Belmont and Others Are Nego- i
tinting for Union Jockey Club's
riant at St. Louis.
ST. LOUIS, Auk. 1L — The Eastern
Jockey Club, through Perry Belmont.
W. J. Arkell, Andrew Miller and others,
is striving to train a foothold In tha I
West through the purchase of the '
Union Jockey Club's racing plant In
this city, and from present indications
i will succeed in Its efforts.
The proposition to pay $220,000 cash
for the Union track was made In
writing by Arkell on the 5th Inst. and
was considered by the Union Club of
ficials to-day While the majority of
the stockholder were not willing to
accept the figures named, a disposition
to sell was general, and it was decided I
to Invite Arkell to come on here and 1
resume negotiations in person. The i
offer of Belmont and others includes a '
proposition to conduct a ninety days'
w£?* ,? eXt year wlth h »Sh-cla7 3
horses and no purse less than $800 and
to expend $100,000 on Improvements at
tne track.
Captain Carmody. manager of the
Union track, says he is not wmm K to
St. Louis and Brooklyn Battle for
Seventeen Innings, When Former
Scores Winning Run.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
(National League.) i (American League.)
W. I,. Pet. 1 W. L. Pet.
New Tork..B8 25 .731 Chicago ...60 38 .012
Chicago ...58 38 .fil 7 Boston 57 3S .COO
PUtsburg .66 38 .601 Kew York.. 55 38 .591
Cincinnati 67 41 .682 Philadel ..53 39 .870
8t. Louis.. 50 47 .615 Cleveland .60 41 .649
Boston ....37 tti .374 Detroit ...38 64 .414
Brooklyn .82 65 ,3.?C Bt. Louis.. 38 62 .409
Philadel ..26 60 .274 U'ashlngtn 21 70 .231
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
NEW YORK. Aug. 11.— Matthewson was In
fine form to-day. Errors by tho visitors,
bunched with timely hits, gave the home team
victory. Attendance, 7000. Score:
R. II. E.
Cincinnati 2 6 5
New York 5 8 0
Batteries — Ewlng and Schlei; Matthewson
and Bowerman. Umpire — Emails.
BOSTON, Aug 11. — Timely hitting, costly
errors and Willis' lack of control combined to
give Plttsburg to-day's game. Attendance
8000.* Score:
R. H. E.
PUtsburg 7 8 1
Boston , 2 6 3
Batteries — Flaherty. Carlsch and Bmlth:
Willis and Needham. Umpires— Moran and
Carpenter.
PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 11.— The home team
could not hit Wicker with any result to-day
and', Chicago won handily. Attendance, 1S0O. |
Score: j ,
R. H. E.
Chicago 6 11 0 1
Philadelphia 1 7 5
Batteries — Wicker and Kilns; Fraser and I
Roth. Umpire— Zimmer. I
BROOKLYN, Aug. 11.— The Bt. Louis and
Brooklyn teams played a sevetoen-lnninfr game j
to-day, the longest that ever took place on i
the Washington Park grounds In Brooklyn. St. '
Louis won out in the seventeenth. Attend
anpe, 2500. Score:
/ R. H. E.
Brooklyn W. 3 9 0 ,
Bt. Louis.. '., 4 10 1
Batteries — Joneb and Bergen; Nichols and
McLean. Umpire — Johnstone.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
ST.", LOUIS. Aug. 11.— BostOT defeated St.
Louis to-day in a slugging match. Attend
ance, 2800. Score:
R. H. E.
Ft. Louie 5 14 > 2
Boston '..'..'.,;.,; ..' ....12 16 0
Hatterle*— Slever. Pelty and Kahoe; Tanne
hill and Farrell.
CLEVELAND. Ohio, Aug. 11.— Waddell and
BemhanJ - pitched splendid ball. Philadelphia
winning in the thirteenth. Attendance. 3700.
Score:
R, E.
Cleveland 1 5 e
Philadelphia 2 8 % 2
"Kid" McCoy Will Come West.
"Kid" McCoy, the boxer, leaves
Salt Lake to-day for thla city, accord-
Ing to a telegram received yesterday
by Harry Pollok. He will assist Jack
Munroe in his fight preparations ana
will second him in the fight.
Portland juaco Results.
PORTLAND, Or., Aur. H.— Irvingtoa sum
mary:
First race, four and a half furlongs. BeHInr—
J«rry Flanagan won. Caroburn second. Nerra
trlx third. Time. 1:08V*.
Second race, four and a, half furlongs, selling
— B. C. Greene won. Usxla Rica second.
Scorcher third. ( Time. :56.
Third race, four and a half furlongs — George
P. AlcNear won. David Boland second. Swift
Que«n third. Time, :56%.
Fouith race, seven furlongs, selling — Sub-
Urban Oneen won, Penzance second. Isab«Ults>
thlrrt. Time. 1:23.
Fifth race, six furlongs, selling- — Dr. Sher
man won, Chlleno second. Headwater third.
Time. 1:15%.
Sixth race, one mile, selllnr— St. Phlllpplna
won, UHruda second. Claudator third. Time.
JEFFRIES IN SEVERE MOOD.
Writes to a New York Friend as to
His Intentionf Toward Mnuroe.
NEW YORK, Aug. 11. — Writing to
Frank Turner, a lifelong friend, now
resident in New York, Champion Jim
Jeffries says he is going to tear after
llunroe for all there is in him, some
thing he has never done before with
any antagonist.
Jeff says further: "Munroe has talked
so much and made so many mean
cracks that I think he deserves Just
as hard a beating as I can give him.
You know in all my fights I have held
a great deal in reserve. I have never
had to cut loose with a punch with
every ounce behind it because I never
had to go so hard as that.
"I never wanted to be brutal and
my record shows I have never taken
advantage of a weakened man to hurt
him any more than I could help. I
hammered Sharkey harder than any
one else, for Tom was a "glutton for
punishment, but even then I did not
hit as hard is I might have for fear
of possible consequences. I have al
ways had a horror of being mixed up
with a killing in the ring. With Mun
roe I will feel no compunction about
slugging him. He has accused me of
drunkenness, of being chicken-heart
ed and of being physically afflicted.
He has acted in a low down way for
several months and I purpose getting
good and even when we get together
In the ring."
MATTHEWSON PITCHES WELL
AND GIANTS WIN HANDILY
HARL.EM SELECTIONS.
. By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First race — Agnes Brennan, Helge
sen, Cyprienne.
Second race — llandvice, Oliver Me.
Trenct the Mere.
Third race — Princess Tulane, White
Plume, Brancas.
Fourth race — Lady Savoy, Lord
Dixoii. Moorish Damsel.
Fifth ract? — The Mishty, My Alice.
Durbar.
Sixth rac<! — Ethylene. Telephone,
Maud Muller.
Seventh race^ — Golden Jllneral, In
ventor. Bluemlnt.
Condition cf the track— Good.
SARATOGA ENTRIES.
SARATOGA, Aug. 11. — James B.
Haggin Is still in doubt as to the ne
cessity of retiring Waterboy. He is
sending the bigr black son of "Water
cress to the j>ost to-morrow in the
one and a quarter miles handicap. He
has been allotted a heavy Impost. The
day's entries follow:
First race, seven furlongs, handicap^ — Grand
Opera 12«, Fort Hunter 124. Waswlft 114.
Stevedore 111, The Musketee.- 100. Sir Lynne
wood 10S, Marjoram 102. Illyrla 102.
Second race, one and a halt miles on turf,
three-year-olds and up, selling — Lord Badge
1J4, Bar 1* Due 102, Keynote 100. Amur 100.
iAdy Potentate 100. Palm Reader 08. Flara 97,
Hymettus 91. Briarthorpe S9.
Third race, one and a quarter miles. th-M>
year-olds and" up, handicap — Waterboy 120.
Kuirenla. Burch 110. Dalesman 106. Duka of
Kendal 10f>. . Cloverland 102. Carbuncle 100,
Hello 06. Conkllng 03. Ix>rJ Melbourne 87.
Fourth race, five and a half furlong, selhns.
the Troy — Gilptn 100, Saulsberry 105, Snannon
side 100, Dazzle 102. Olidiator 100. MIrlhltss
100 Tracper 03, Oamara MS, «»old Ten 03.
Khorasan 00. Highborn 89. Martna Oormcn .*•".
Fifth race, one mile, selling-. ihree-year-oMs
and up— Grand Opera 113 Stolen Moments 10S,
Unmasked 10S. Demurrer 100, Francesco 10t!,
Bardolph 106, Easy Street 10S. Irish Witch 105.
Agnes D 104, Divination 102. Monteban* 101;
Canajoharift 101. IMnah Road 10?. Thistle
Heather 100 Garnish f-8. Allan 9S. Glisten U6.
Tol Sftn 06, Go Between IO>>.
Sixth race, five and a half fnrlones, tnaUUn
two-year-olds — Cedarstrome 112. Maxlmilllan
112 Bank 112, Saulsberry 112. Tinnvburi 11%
McAdow 112, Lindsay Gordon 112, Hacnmans
112 Unda Lm 100. Raiment 10H Zeala 1(9.
Bulwark 100, Princess Ru-jert 100. .NVl'uo Kua
scll 109. Steel Trap 10«.
SARATOGA SELECTIONS.
By the New York Morning Telegraph.
• First race — Grand Opera, The Mus
keteer, Stevedore.
Second race— Keynote, Palm Read
er, Ilymettus.
Third race — Waterboy, Duke of
Kendhl, Eugenia Burch.
Fourth race— Martha Gorman,
Trapper, Gold Ten.
• Fifth race — Grand Opera, Un
masked, Garnish.
Sixth race— Linda Lee. Zrala. Lind
say Gordon.
Condition of track — Fast.
Batteries — Bernhard and Bemis; Waddell and
Schreck.
CHI«AGO, Aug. 11. — Chicago shut out New
York to-day In one of the cleanest and most
perfectly played games of the season. At
tendance, yCOO. ¦ 8core:
R. H. E.
Chicago 1 6 0
New York 0 8 0
Batteries — White and Sullivan; Powell and
Klelnow.
DETROIT. Aug. 11. — To-day's game was
characterized by many weak plays, O'Leary
and Caasldy offendlnir most. Hutches' base on
balls, wild throw and wild pitch also helped
Detroit. Attendance, 3000. Score:
R. H. E.
Detroit 7 7 4
Washington 3 8 3
- Batteries — Kitson and Drill; Hughes and
Klttredge.
ST. 1.OUIS SELECTIONS.
First race— Opinion, Chancy, Tim
Hnrst.
Second race — Atlas, Triple Silver,
AUccrettc.
Third race — Imboden. Ryevale, Mln
dora.
Fourth race — Hadrian. The Cook,
Franco.
Fifth race — Folies Bcrjceres, Jim
alone:. J. W. O'Xeill.
Sixth race — Resina D, King's Court.
First One.
Condition of the track — Fast.
accept $220,000 for the plant. He says
the Union Club has $200,000 Invested
and lost S60.000 on this season's meet-
Ing, but that the "Western Jockey Club
la so weak it is in conciliatory attitude
and will probably grant the Union
track acceptable dates next year.
Carmody says he regards his prop
erty aa valuable and that the East
erners who want to buy the plant in
fight the Western Jockey: Club with
and reform the Western turf will have
to make a better offer.
Portland got a run on misjudgments
by Doyle and McLautfhlin in the Held,
Beck's fly and Eagan's error in letting
Kadeau's drive through him. Eagan
got a life in the fourth on Castro's
rniEplay. advanced by Lynch's single,
scoring on an infleld out. In the fifth
with two out Beck dropped Sheehan's
foul and Spencer fumbled his gTound
er. He tallied on McLaughlin's three
badger, the latter scoring on Eagan's
Finale. Hurley played the first game
of the season with Dugdale. Pitching
TACOMA, Aug. 11. — To-day's game
tvas full of fireworks, the final being
Castro's ejection from the field. In
the sixth Spencer singled, stole sec
.ond and tried to score on Drennan's
hit. McClaughlin fielded the ball per
fectly and Brown declared the runner
out at the plate. The Portland play
ers started a rough house and Cas
tro was fined. In the latter part of
the inning Castro threw the ball at
Brown, but missed him a v foot. He
tvas immediately ordered out.
Irate Portland Player Throws the Ball
at Umpire Brown.
CASTRO PUT OFF THE HELD.
Twin Sullivan was feeling lively
¦when he started to warm up with
Munroe, the big miner, yesterday af
ternoon at the Beach Tavern. He com
menced to mix it and became good
and gay. The miner felt just like go
ing some himself and after a clinch in
the last round, he brought over a
choppy little right and down went the
Twin.
He was not out, but he was groggy.
He landed near the roDes and lay
there a few seconds. The bout was
then stopped in a hurry. Munroe did
not use much force in doing the little
trick, all of which goes to show he has
the wallop when he feels like using it.
Before putting Sullivan down, the
miner went a couple of rounds with
Harry Chester, the big Olympian. He
did not land hard on the amateur, but
contented himself with blocking the
latter's leads and Bhooting over an
easy one every once in a while. Andy
Gallagher was not feeling right so he
did not don the mitts.
When Munroe woke up yesterday
morning he complained of a stiffness
in his left arm. Tim McGrath brought
out the electric battery and the arm
was feeling all right when Jack had
finished his day's work. As usual, a
big gathering of sports was there to
watch the proceedings and all were
satisfied with the miner's showing.
ILARLEM ENTRIES,
CHICAGO, Aug. 11. — The entries for
to-morrow's races at Harlem follow:
First r*ce. six furlongs, selling — Agnes
Brennan 97. Macic Flute 97. Fly Lady 97.
Helgercn 102, Nora W 102, Cyprienne 102.
Trossachs 102. Brand New 104, Chockayotte 104.
Maggie Lceber l'Jo. Japan 107.
Second raeo. steeplechase, short course —
Coronatus 123. Springstead 125, Dominique
You 123, Laura K 125, Jack Doyle 125.
Alleslcnce 130. Lingo 103. Trenct The Mere
149. Oliver Me 150. Hacdvlee 157.
Third race, one mile, purse — White Plume
101. Emrvcror of India 103, Brancas 1W,
Princess Tulane ICO.
Fourth race, six furlongs, purse — Lady
Ellison 95. Al Casey 93. Lady Fashion »5. llanr
Eleanor 05. Captain Neroth 98, Capltanro 98.
Lord Dixon !»», Bell* Kenny 1U>. Michael
Byrnes 103. Albert Fir 103. Glrdleston« 103,
Mcntc 1C3. Green Gown 105, Moorish Damsel
1C5 Lady Savoy 110.
Fifth race, six furlongs, selling— My Alice 97.
Determination 97. Silent Water 97, Durbar 102,
Julia M IC2, Redman 104. Komombo 103, The
Mighty 107.
Sixth race, mile and seventy yards, selling —
Frecktran 8fl. Maud Muller 93. Volla, 94. Tele
phone 93. Hainault 103. Carat 103. Jim Hale
103. Ethylene 103. Sweet Tone 101.
Feventh race, mile and seventy yards, selling
—Golden Mineral 02, Woodlyn S3, Elueralnt 05.
Ethel Wheat U5. Kllmorie »«. Prince of Pilsen
97 Potrero Grand- 98. Allle Vlrgie 10O. Car
dinal Wolsey 102, Joe Frey 106. Inventor 107.
KNICKERBOCKER STAKES
ARE WON BY SWEET MARIE
California Trotting; Mare Beats a
High Class Field in Straight
Heats.
• NEW YORK, Aug. 11.— At the
grand circuit races at the Empire
City track to-day the big stake was
the $10,000 Knickerbocker for 2:14
trotters. Sweet Marie, the California
mare, was the favorite and won after
two exciting finishes. In the 2:12 trot,
a dash of one and an eighth miles,
Stanley Dillon, the winner of the $10,
000 M. & M. stake at Detroit, another
favorite, won. Summary:
2:14 trot, stake $10,000, mile heats, two
In three — Sweet Marie won both heats. Time,
2:10%, 2:10. Arlsto second. John Mac third.
Lady Patchie, Katherlne A and Mary Gage
also started.
2:25 pace, three-year-olds, purse $2000, one
mile heats, two in three — Dorcas H won both
heats. Time, 2:15% 2:14>i- Teddy Weaver.
Bucklock, Botlaas, Queen of Forkhurst and
Simon Kcnton also started.
2:21 trot, purse $600, one and an eighth mile*
dash — Louvaln won ' In 2:.1*Vi- Aldone, Leta,
Bonnie Lam. Jeanett«, Conflensa and Merry
Joe also started.
2:12 trot, purse $700, one and an eighth
mllee — Stanley Dillon won In 2:30%. Gold
Bug iwcond. Lady Gail Hamilton third. Black
Thome, Billy Forest and Annie Little also
started.
2:10 pace, purse $800, one mile dasVi — Farl
mus won in 2:10^. Ben F, OUve Wood, Sadie
Baron. Brown Heels, Guy Caton, Dandy C
and Miss Ophelia also started.
Big Miner Brings Choppy
Eight Over and His Spar
ring Partner Hits Carpet
ST. LOUIS ENTRIES.
ST. LOUIS. Aug. 11. — The entries
for to-morrow's races follow:
First race, fix fnrlonr*, *ellUw — Opinion ICO.
Picture Hat 100; Howard, Vance 9§, Tim Hum
OS Chancy 98. Inflammable 93. Leila Hun
ter 95.
Second race, six and a half furlong* selling
— Lida Vivian 110 Triple Silver 110. Rose Farr
110. Walterla 110. Fannette 110. 3now Cap 105.
Lona S 103. AUegrette 1C3, Atlas 100. Ora Z
105. Bride 103.
Third race, one and a sixteenth milea. •ell-
Ing— Imboden 103. Punctilio 102. Admattua 101.
Varro 101. Mlndora 100. Brooklyn 90. Flora
Bnsht 97. Gallawater 97, Hucana 94. Judg«
Cantrtll 94. Feronla 92. Woodlawn Ben* 92.
Short Cake 83, Ryevale 83.
Fourth race, seven furlongs, handicap—Had
rian 103, Kinifs Trophy 102, The Cook 93.
Fruit 93, Franco S3. Miss Powell 84.
Fifth race, aix furlongs, sailing — Bensoahurst
103. Jlrnalong 10O. Sol Smith 99. Tally H 9S.
St Vltus 9S. Folles Bergeres 97. Oudon 94.
J. W. O'Neill 03.
* Sixth race, one and a sixteenth mile*, sell
ing—Ivernla 105. Miracle II 101. Pyrrho 101.
King's Court 09, First One 89. Athena I) 4 ,
Leeaja 07, Avoid 97. Miss Eon 05. Lady Chcr
lster 94. Hubbard 91. Misanthrope 89. Reglna
T> 89. Varna Fonso 87.
MUNROE FLOORS
TWIN SULLIVAN
TROPHY FOR SCHOOLBOYS AND
OFFICIAL WHO HAS DONE
MUCH FOR PARK TRACK.
Joe Corbett was there again yester
day at Recreation Park to baffle the
renowned Siwashes at every turn. He
had some twisters which were truly a
revelation to the gentlemen from
Seattle. They were swinging their
heads off all day long and then kicking
at the umpire, not out of malice, but
elmply because Joe's bends were so
wide they could not comprehend.
Score. San Francisco 1L Seattle 1.
' Meanwhile Mr. Shields was getting
his. It was a beautiful walloping he
came in for. The best he had was
hammered for fair by the locals Just
as soon as they got their glimmers set
on the right parts of the field. The
parade commenced in the second
round. After that, 'twas the same old
Story cf a bunch of Hank's warriors
rounding third base and coming direct
to the plate.
Corbett started off wildly in the first
inning by walking one man and mak
ing a wild pitch. His erratic streak
v.as checked right there. He steadied
suddenly ar.d was his same old self
once again. Frisk's double to right
Held ar.d a pair cf infield outs netted
a mark for Seattle in the seqond, but
after that the northerners had no li
cense to come near the pan.
Fifteen hits was the sum total for
the day for San Francisco. Every man
on the team, with the exception of An
derson, had one or mc-re nicks in his
bat. To add to this Shields was wild
just when he should have been steady.
He started on the downward course in
the second round by passing Irwin and !
Anderson after Van Buren had singled, j
Y.'har Uncle's stars did then was pain- j
ful to Parke Wilson.
The whole San Francisco team play- I
ed good baseball ar.d the errors were
pot at all costly. Uncle wants every :
came he can win this week and there- j
fore has decided not to take any ;
< nances with Knel'. He will work !
r>arber against Nick Williams this af- j
frnoon. The score:
San Francisco— I Seattle —
AB.R. H. P.A.' AB.R. H. P.A.
Wldm.rf 5 2 2 4 1 VHltn.cf 4 0 0 3 0
IM:«hn>l.» 4 1 1 :: 4 M-.hlr.2b :J O 1 4 3
:i*a"y.r* 4 1 3 1 <• I»i nty.Sb 4 O 1 2 0
Va«Bn. If 5 2 3 I 0 rrlsk.lf.. 3 1 1 O O
! «n.«llb 4 1 2 Ht a I'.lkshp.lb 4 0 1 It O
lrwin.."h 2 111 2 Jrr.lth.rf. 4 0 0 10
/.r.iisn.Sh 2 1 O 2 SllaU.*.. 4 O » 0 «
1'rfirton.c. « © 1 4 1 \Vils.-m.e. 4 <i ;t n :;
lorlm.p 4 2 2 2 I r'hields.p 4 0 2 0 4
TotalF..">5 II 15 27 14 Totals. 34 1 6 2* 10
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
E?att!<? 0^ 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0—1
Ha?? hits 0 1 110002 1—6
Par. Francisco... O.T 220220 x— 11
Base hits O 3 3 2 0 3 3 1 x— 15
SUMMART.
Stolen bases — Van Huren, Delehanty. Errors
— Van HaHren 1, Hail, Anderson. Hildebrand
2. Gorton. Two-base hits— Frisk. Shields.
Tr.wns'-nd 2. Irwin. Waldron 2. Corhett. Sac
rifice hJtf — Towr.terd, Anderson. First hafft
on error* — San Francisco 1, Seattle 2. First
l>af* on called be!:* — Off CiTlvtt 1. off Shields
4. Left on bes*-"- — Kan Francisco 5, Seattle S.
Struck out — Ky «'crt>«'tt 4. by Shields 3. Hit
\sy pitcher— Frisk. Doabls play — Waldron to
Gorton. Paused ball— Wilwn. Wild pitches—
«'orb^tt. Shields. Tim* of fame — 1 hour and
K» mir.ut^s. Umpire — O' Council.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
(Pacific Coast League.)
W. L. Pct_( W. L- Pet.
Seattle 10 5 .«>67iSan Fran... 8 8 .500
Tacoma 10 5 .667;Portland ... 5 10 .333
tcs Ang 9 6 .COOiOakland .... 4 12 .250
VALLEJO, Aug. 11.— The second
day's meet of the harness horses
brought out a larger crowd than the
day before to witness the t^iree events
on the programme. The weather was
Ideal for racing, a light wind blowing
along the stretch.
The first race, for trotters of the 2:16
class for a purse of $500, the Board of
Trade stakes, brought out a field of six
horses. The first heat showed the race
lay between Briney K, the favorite,
and Princess. Each heat was hotly con
tested by these two, Briney K taking
the first heat and Princess the second.
Briney won the next two and the race.
The 2:24 class trot for the Solano
County stakes, with a purse of $1000,
attracted a field of eight starters. The
race was hotly contested, five heats be
ing required. The first heat was won
by H B D, which took the lead from
the start and was never headed. In the
second heat Little Babe led until the
home stretch was reached. Here she
was challenged by Lady Madison,
which won the heat. The third heat
was a repetition of the second, Lady
Madison nosing out Little Babe at the
wire. The fourth heat was won by Mo
rosco, which trotted neck and neck with
H B D to the wire. This was the most
exciting heat of the day. The fifth and
final heat was won by Lady Madison in
2:14 1-3— the best time of the day.
The pony race, in which a good deal
of interest was taken, proved to be
quite easy for Dr. F. T. Bond's Topsy,
which won both heats from Eugene
Dannenbaum's Clover. Summary:
Board of Trade stakes, 2:10 clasa trot, purse
$500:
Brir.ey K. by TJnknown-Strathivay
(W. G. Durfee) 1 2 1 1
Princess, by Engineer (EX S. Baker) 2 1 1' 2
Redskin, by Red Cloak (S. S. Bailey) 3,3 3 3
Rosell, by Bob Mason (J. H. Vance) 4 5 4 4
Hank, by Vesto (Ed Kavanash)... 5 4 5 5
Dolllcan, by Membrlno Chlef-Mc-
Clellan (Thomas Smith) Dig.
Time — 2:16, 2:14, 2:15. 2:10'£.
Solano stakes, 2:24 trot, purse $1000:
Lady Madison. by Madison-
Nephew (Emily Ward) 4 115 1
H D B, by Arthr-Holt-Jeromme
Kddy (H. A. Bell) 18 5 2 3
Moroseo. by Wayland W-Grand
moor (J. N. Minor) 7 7 6 1 5 1
1 Reta H, by McKlnney-Prompter
(W. G. Durfee) 6 2 2 62
At>* Miller, by Tltus-Goeslper
(C. A: Wlndshlp) 3 6 4 4 4
Telephone, by Direct-Philosopher
(H. C. Ahlcrs) 2 1 7 7 dr
Little Babe, by Bosalt Moore-
Dawn (S. H. Hoy). ft 3 3 S dr
Golden Gate, by Raybird-West
ern (Bob Burrcss) 8 6 dls.
Tlmme— 2:16H. 2:1B. 2:14H. 2:15%. 2:141-3.
Match race, ponlei; ¦ '
Tfpsy (Dr. F. T. Bond) 1 1
Clover (Eugene Dannenbautn) 2 2
Time — 1:4614. 4:35.
When Uncle's Crowd Starts
to Hit There Is Nothing
Left but a Long Parade
Dr. Bond's Topsy Takes Lead
in the Pony Eace and Is
Never Headed by Clover
BEINEY.K LANDS MONEY
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SARATOGA, Aug. 11.— For the sec
ond time since this meeting began the
purple and gold stripes of John San
ford were In front to-day at "the finish
of two races. The more Important was
the Delaware Handicap, in which Mr.
Sanford's Molly Brant was an odds-on
favorite. While she had no such easy
task as when she defeated Reliable
and Dalesman here a few days ago,
she won with plenty to spare.
For five furlongs Light Brigade set
a fast pace, but soon afterward Molly
Brant showed In front, followed • by
Graziallo, Stalwart and Flying Ship.
The Sanford mare easily came away
in the last furlong and the only real
contest was for second place, with Stal
wart, Graziallo and De Reszke all
heads apart, De Reszke closing strong
ly at the end.
Mr. Sanford won the two-year-old
handicap with Burnt Hills. At one
stage it seemed he would never get
up to the pacemaker. Dandelion, which
had obtained a long lead on the far
turn. After entering the stretch Burnt
Hills cut down the lead of Dandelion,
which began to stop at five and a half
furlongs. Running on like a really
high-class filly, Burnt Hills won easily
from the long shot, Cigar Lighter,
which finished resolutely, while another
good "rater," Merry Lark, came
strongly in the last furlong. The time,
six furlongs in 1:15, marked a good
performance, as the track was "dead."
Africander won the one and an
eighth mile handicap from Palmbearer.
Summary: •
FIRST RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds; sellin?:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
3 to 1— Teacress. 104 (Hlldebrnd) 2 2 M 1 IVi
10 to 1— Workman, 100 (Cormack) 3 4 3 2 1
10 to 1— Thirty-third. 97 (Traver*) 1 13 3 %
Time, 1:09. Start fair. Won easily. Win
ner, S. Paget's ch. f. by Watercress-Teatra.
J<rry C, Niblick, Golden Sunrise, Delcanta,
Winchester. Tramotor, Cotillion, Sufferance,
Mussulman, finished as named.
SECOND RACE— About two miles; steeple
chase; handicap; four-year-olds and up; sell-
Ins:
Bettlnp. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. «4 Fin.
7 to 10 — Maiden, -15S) (Henry) 2 15 13
3 to 1— Daylisford, 1.11 (Wilson). 1 2 2 2 5
6 to 1— Dromedary, 143 (Veltch). 5 4 4 3 15
Time, 4:10. Start good. Won handily.
Winner, J. W. Colt's b. g. by Llssak-Majr
Rapture. Lida Woodlands, Dick Hasse, fin
ished as named.
THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; two-year-olds ;
handicap:
Btttins. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
» to 10— Burnt Hllls,112 (Hildbd) C 32 12
20 to 1 — ClfrarliKhter. 96 (Fisher) 5 6 1 2 1
30 to 1— Merry Lark, 112 (Martn) 7 5 1 3h
Time, 1:15. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, J. Sanford's b. f. by Clifford-Whiplash.
Dandelion, Chrysalis, Sinister, Waterllght, St.
Bellane. Veto, Khorasan. Austin Allen, Amber
Jack, finished as named.
FOURTH RACE— One mile; Delaware han
dicap; three-year-olds and up:
BUting:. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. *i Fin.
3 to 5— X,.ly Brant 112 (Lyne) 3 1 h 1 2
6 to 1— Stalwart, 101 (Hlldebnd) 5 5 1!42 u.
12 to 1— GrazialloV 107 (J.Mrtin) 1 4 2 3 h
Time 1: 30 2-5.. Start Koocj. Won easily.
Winner. J. Sanford's ch. f. by" Clifford-Bally
roe. De Reszke. Flying Ship, Light Brigade,
Orly II. Gold Dome, finished as named.
FIFTH RACE— One mile; selling; three-year
olds and up:
Betting Horse. WelgV. Jockey. St. % Fin.
8 to 1— Conkllne. 9» (Ollphant) 2 2 h 1 n
3. to 1 — Old England. 10S (Crms) 1 1 IVi'-* C
20 to 1— Fire Eater, 107 (J.Mtn) 3 4 J£ » l\i
Tlm.\ 1 41. Start Rood. Won drivlnK. Win
ner H. T. Griffin's ch. c. by Mazetto-Man
zunlla II. Jane Holly, Brooklynlte. Judge,
Sats, PriUCt of Elm, flnshed aa named.
SIXTH RACE— One and an eighth miles:
handicap; three- year-old* and up:
Bettlnac. Hcrae. Weight Jockey. St. % Fin.
6 to 1— Africander, 123 (Fuller) 4 4 6 12
16 to 5— Falmbearer. 97 (Hldbnd) 12 3 2 3
10 to 1— Reservation, 110 (O'NU) 5 5 3 2
Tlm» 1:55 Start good. Won driving. Win
ner, S. Delmel's b. c. by Star Ruby-Afrlc
Queen. Fort Hunter and Proceeds finished as
named.
Epeclal Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO. Aug. 11.— "Lucky" Charlie
Ellison annexed another prize at Har
lem to-day when Miss Inez walked
away with the Proviso stakes. 52330
to the winner. Allen Avon was an easy
second, with Del Carina third. • Miss
Inez had all of her speed to-day and
after racing head and head with Del
Carina for a quarter of a mile drew
away turning for home and won under
wraps. Miss Inez was always the fa
vorite, being backed from 3 to 2 to 13
to 10 despite her two recent defeats.
Tom Shelly was second choice at 12 to
5. His race was a sad disappointment.
Three favorites won. The track was
still a little slow, although on the sur
face it appeared fast. The weather was
clear and warm and the attendance
good. Only six races were offered to
day, for the first time during the pres
ent meeting. Summary:
FIRST RACi: — Six furlongs; two-year-olds;
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. %L Fin.
7 to 1— Before. 115 i.Nichol) 2 4 i4 lh
5 to 1— Ralph Reese, 112 (Otis).. B 21 25
7 to 1— Big Beach, 106 (Mclntyre) 6 6h 3 1
Time. 1:16 2-5. Start poor. Won driving
Winner. F. Cook's ch. c. by Previous- Jarto.
Retort 112 Proprietor 115, Devout 112. Rather
Royal 106.' Augusta Victoria 106. Dr. Kenny
1C8, Siss Lee 103, Waddell II 112. Plrabella
100, The Gadfly 106, finished as named.
SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; all ages;
handicap:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. |» Fin.
1 to i— Delagoa, 117 (Henry).. 1 1 h 1 2%
8 to 1— Don Domo, 112 (Morteon) 3 2 10 2 5
100 to 1— Gypiene, 117 (Otis) 2 S 12 3 9
Time, 1:15 1-5. Start fair. Won easily.
Winner, S. C. HHdreth's b. m. (5) by Kingston-
Rhodesia. Goal Runner 119. St. Bonnie 8».
finished a* named.
THIRD RACE — Five and a half furlongs:
two-year-olds: Provleo Selling Stakes:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. & Fin.
13 to 10 — Miss Inez. Ill (Henry).. 2 1 -' 11
7 to 1— Allen Avon, 96 (McBrlde) 1 5 15 2 3
0 to 2— Del Carina, 90 (GreenflJ) 3 2 % 8 1
Time. 1:07 4-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. C R. Ellison's blk. f. by Pirate of
Penzance-Lady Inez. Tom Shelly 95, Herlida 95,
Flying Brook 99, finished as named.
FOURTH RACE— One mile; three-year-olds i
yelling:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. %. Fin.
7 to 5 — Leila, 102 (Greenfield)... 4 2 2 1 H
12 to 5 — Apple. 103 (Morrison)... 6 61 2 2
12 to 1— San Remo, 92 (Oregar).. 2 lh 32
Time, 1:42 3-5. Start good. Won easily. Wm
ner, R. A. Smith's ch. f. by Knight of Ellers
lie-Fatima. Sweetie 100. Kleinwood 100. Sweet
Tore 100. Plautus 96. finished as named.
FIFTH RACE — One mile; three-year-olds
and up; polling:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. «-i. Fin.
15 to 1— B. Caldwell. 104 (Morlsn) 8 5 3 1 2%
10 to 1— Emigre, 102 (Wolf)...... 5 2221
13 to 5— Hudson. 06 (McBrlde) . . . . 7 3 4 3 5
Time. 1:43. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. J. H. Davenport's br. g. (6) by Esher-
Lady Carolina. Ghats 94. Emma A M 100,
Harry New 107, Ml Reina 106, Blackthorn 110,
finished as named.
SIXTH RACE— One mile; three-ysar-olds
and up; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
12 to 1 — Harney, 100 (Hof fler) 2 Dili
0 to 1 — Dungannon, 92 (Knapp).. 1 2 4 2 2
Even— Dell Leath. 93 (Nicol)... $~ 4 2 3 3
Time, 1:42 3-5. Start poor Won easily. Win
n*r, W. H. Mearns' ch. h. («) by Hanover-
Jennie Lee. Gil rain 106. Bob Franklin 86. Mr.
Farnunr 108. The Forum 100. Requisite 95, fin
ished aa named.
Special Dispatch to The- Call.
ST. LOUIS. Aug. 11.— Coups wer*
numerous in the betting ring to-day a:
the Fair grounds. Erla Lee wen the
two-year-old feature, after Alice Platt.
backed almost off the boards, hai
ruined her chances by breaking
through the fence at the starting post.
Velos. at SO to 1, in the last was made
the medium of a big killing. Only two
favorites won during the day. OU1
Stono won the handicap easily. The
weather was clear and the track good.
Attendance 5000. Summary:
FIRST RACE — Five and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
5 to 1 — Col. rTestcn. 103 iTrox»er).3 l*jln
4 to 1— His Worship. 10O (Undsy).7 4 2 2 3
9 to 1 — Dresden. ICO (H.Anderson). 5 2 4 3H
Time l:lt>U- Start zood. Won driving.
Winner, E. A. Chlnn &. Co.'t b. c. by
Cayuga-Purlty. Anadarco 95, Mr. Dad* 10s*.
Bradwarlin 100. Joe Graham 83. J. B. Sher
idan 9». Besterlln* l(Xi. finished as named.
SECOND RACE — Seven furlongs; thr«*-y»ar
clda and up.
Betting. Hors», Weight. Jockey. St. \ Fin.
Even — Light Opera. »7 (Rice) 2 2 2 Ins
9 to 2 — Neversuch. 107 (Troxler)...8 4 4 2 \%
7 to 1— Lansdown. 102 (Roach) « In 8 8
Time 1:30. Start good. Vvon driving:. Win
ner. I* Kemp & Co.'s ch. g. (4) by Counter
Tenor-Onlight. VVorthlngton 102. Mainspring
103. Lynch 102. Mohav* 98, Conundrum 107.
fin lulled aa named.
THIRD RACE — Mil* and 70 yards; three
years-olds and up.
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. Bt. % Fin.
2 to 1— Doeekin. 100 (L. Williams). 1 1 V, 1 n
13 to 1— Short Cake, 80 (Vanderbt>.2 2 2 14
18 to 5— Ray. 106 (Fck-y) * 3 3 3 3
Time. 1:4V». Start good. Won driving. Win
ner, Martin & Walker's b. m., (5) by Freeman-
Theckley. Alcom R 8». Mildred L. 89. Ade
lanta 107. Lady Matchless 103. Dollnda 83.
finished as named.
FOURTH RACE— On« and a sixteenth miln;
three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
9 to 2— Old Stone. 101 (Howell)... 5 12 15
fl to 1— Jack Young. 102 (Davis).. 1 42 2H
S to 5— Taby Tosa. 101 (Lindsey). 2 2 2 3 3
Time. l:4tt. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. M. P. Mattlngly's b. c. (3) by Sykeston-
Whlte Wings. Commodore 101. HanaaJds 9S.
Pat Haramon 95, finished as named.
FIFTH RACE— Four and a half furtongi;
two-year-olds :
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. «4 Fin.
Utol— Erla Lew. 08 (Davis) 3 In 15
9 to 1 — Wlllowdene, 101 (Wtlmi)lO 4 1 2 1V»
S to 1— Fruit, 107 (Wilson) 11 5 4 3 5
Time. :5«V Start poor. Won easily. Win
ner. O. V. Hume & Son"» ch. f. by Htndoo-
Bastante. MonogTam 88, Princess Orna. 107.
Arlena M Only Jimmle 101. A Lady Fair 10O.
Miss Hazy 102. Our Joe 103, Hattie Can- 100.
Alice Platt 107, Nicona 103. finished a» named.
SIXTH RACE— One mil* and seventy yards;
three-year-olds and ud:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
2O to 1 — Ve!os. 100 (Pa?e) 4 3'i In.,
& to 10— Pourq. Pas. 93 (Davis). 2 12 2 13
6 to 1 — Trapsetter. 9S (Andersn) 3 3 1 3 h
Time. 1:47^. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. O'Xeall & Eagan's b. c. M) by Him
burg-Dartaway. Sting 101. Pathos W: riena
per Vlvax 10j, Miss Betty 04. Dr. Kier ltO.
finished as named. * '
"MR. SHIELDS GETS HIS
School Director Alfred Roncovlerl
will have personal charge of the
school boys' relay race at Ingleside
track on the 21st for the Shreve trophy.
He has volunteered to obtain the en
tries and will give this attractive event
his support in every manner possible.
It is expected that ten teams
from the public schools will try for
the handsome prize that will become
the property of the winning school
without the right of challenge. Great
interest is being taken in the race by
the lads because the affair, of which
this is to be only one feature, is for
the benefit of the Golden Gate Park
amphitheater fund. The field, when
completed, will give a free training
ground for these same lads and will
provide a place where future field
events of the public school league may
be held.
A rousing meeting of the committees
in charge of the sport carnival \vas
held last night in the Palace Hotel
and all details were arranged. Liberal
entries have been made to the handi
cap sprint races. It was announced
that handsome prizes had been donated
for each event. The bicycle races have
also filled well and heats will be nec
essary in the mile novice race. For
the ten-mile team relay all the local
racing clubs will have teams ready to
start and both Oakland and San Jose
have forwarded their entries, with
Stockton, Sacramento and Los Angeles
to be added to the list.
All the money taken at the gate will
go to the park fund, as the work being
done in getting up the pogramme is
gratuitous. The New California Jockey
Club has given free use of the track
and all the officials will donate their
services. Prizes for all events have
been procured in the same manner and
it is hoped to nearly complete the $50,
000 fund at the meeting.
Frank J. O'Kane. the treasurer of the
park fund, has* been indefatigable in
his efforts to raise the fund, which will
add a lasting attraction to the public
playground.
honors were about even. Sheehan did
sam» exceptionally fine fielding. Score:
Portland — i Tacoma —
AB.R. H. P.A. I AB.R. H. P.A.
Pp*ncr.2b 4 0 2 2 2 Doyle, cf 3 0 0 1 1
Hrly.lb-s 4 0 1 « 1 Bhehn. 3b 4 1 0 3 4
Drnan. cf 4 0 2 5 OM'Un. 1(4 110 1
n«ok. 3b. 4 1 O 1 2 Eajran. s 4 1 2 3 4
Castro, e2 0 O 2 1 Lj-nch.lb 4 0 2 S 1
Thlmn. rf 1 0 0 0 0 Casey. 2b 3 0 0 2 3
Ndeau. If 4 0 0 2 1 Hopan, c 3 O 1 !> 2
Tdy.rf-lb 3 0 ~ 3 1 Ovrll, rf . 3 0 0 1 0
Stelmn, c3 0 0 3 ljKeefe, p. 3 0 1 0 1
Butler, p3 0 0 0 £!
. Totals. 31 3 7 27 17
Totals. S2 1 7 21 II 1
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Portland 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 0—1
Ba?e hits 0 0 12 0 2 11 0 — 7
Tacorr.a 0 0 0 1 2 O 0 0 x — 3
Base hits 02023000 x— 7
SUMMARY
Errors — Doyle. Sheehan. Eajran, Spencer (2),
Hurley. Beck, Castro. Struck out— By Keefe,
R: by Butler, 2. Base en balls— By Butler, 1.
Hit by pitcher — By Keefe. 1. Stolen bases —
Sheehan. Spencer. Stee'.man. Two-base hit — ¦
Lynch. Three-base hit — Mcl.aurblln. Sacrifice
hit — Doyle. Double plays — Casey to Eapan to
Lynch. Doyle to Caiey to Kapan to Casey.
Left on ba;>es — Taeoira 6, Portland 5. Time
cf frame — One hour and flfty-flve minutes.
Vmpiies — Brown and McDonald.
COMMUTERS STILL OX WAXE.
Dnnleavy's Homer Saves Them From
Another Whitewash.
LOS ANGELES. Au& 11. — Dun
leavy's home run paved Oakland from
another shutout to-day, for at no other !
stage of the play were the visitors in
danger of scoring. Hall pitched a
game that was almost perfect and he
received clean, fast support from the
fielders. The battingr of Toman and
Ross was responsible for most of the
runs made by Los Angeles. Score:
Los Angeles— i Oakland—
AB. R. H. P.A.I AB. R. H. P. A.
Pernrd.cf 2 0 0 3 0 Frncks.ss 4 0 0 2 4
13rashr.lb4 0 2 12 OM«kran,rf* 0 110
Hir.ith.3b 3 1111 l>unlvy,lf 4 12 5 0
Oravth.rf 4 0 0 3 0 Knurer.cf 4 0 0 3 0
FIood.2b 3 O 0 O 2 Ftrelb.lb. 4 0 0 7 0
Toman. «s 4 2 3 14 Devrx.Sb 3 0 10 0
Ross.lf.. 3 12 2 OByrnes.c. 3 0 0 3 3
Spifs.c. 4 0 0 5 1 McKu,2b 3 0 13 1
Hall.p... 3 0 0 0 4jSchmdt,p 3 0 0 0 2
Totals 30 4 8 27 12 Totals 32 1 5 24 10
RUNS AND HITS BY IN^IXGS.
Les Anpeles 0 0 0 1 02 0 1 x — 1
Base hit* 00021212 x— 8
Oakland 0 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 0—1
Base hits 00011001 2—3
SCMSIARY.
Stolen base — Bernard. Errors — Devereaux,
Toman. Home run — Dunl«avy. Three-base hit
— Ron. Two-base hits — Ross, Toman. Smith.
Devereaux. Brashear, McKune. First base on
error — Oakland. Left on bases— Los Anp?Ies 4,
Oakland *. First base on called balls— Off
Schmidt 5. Struck out— By Hall 5, by Schmidt
3. Time of game — One hour and thirty-flve
minutes. Vmplre — McCarthy.
¦ • ¦
TEACHER MEETS WITH ACCIDENT.—
F. A. Gardner, head of the manual training
department of th* Polytechnic High Sen sol.
fell from a Udder Wednesday while engas-d
Jn oiling: machinery. He sustained a com
pound fracture of th<» left lee.
Brother Joe Gives Correct
Imitation of How to Fool
Great Northern Sluggers
Africander Defeats Palm-
Bearer in the Handicap at
Saratoga Racecourse.
Solano County Stakes Go to
Fast Mare After Lively
Sprint With Little Babe
Betting Coups Are Success
ful at the St. Louis
Track.
Ten Teams Will Compete in
Relay Race at the Ben
efit Meet.
Charley Ellison's Filly, Miss
Inez, Gallops Home in the
Rich Proviso Stakes.
CORBETT KEEPS
UP GOOD WORK
LADY MADISON
FIRST AT WIRE
SCHOOLBOY ATHLETES ANXIOUS
TO AID PARK TRACK COMMITTEE
PURPLE AND GOLD OF JOHN SANFORD
IS CARRIED TO VICTORY IN TWO RACES
PARK AMPHITHEATER RECEIVES THE SUPPORT OF SCHOOLBOY ATHLETES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 12, 1904.
6
ADVERTISEMENTS.
have just the article you arc
looking for. We carry every
style of Trunk, Bag or Suit
Case.
A. B. Smith Co.,
116 Ellis, above Powell.
Trunk or Bag
If You Want a Good
._ rr _,..__.,. ApVEKTISEME>^S.
| Some brands of Beer look good and I
| taste good, but unless they are absolutely I
| pure, biliousness is the result I
/ Beer is brewed in the most scrupulous clean- /
I Iincss, carefully aged, filtered, sterilized and f
| bottled. at the brewery where it is made. I
| This is why it is absolutely pure and I
s perfectly healthful. It is the "King of all i
II Bottled Beers." I
1 The American Brewing Co., St. Louis, U. S. A. I
I HILBERT MERCANTILE CO. I
ff Wholesale Dealers 9
H 136-144 SECOND STREET. 1$10,000 Was Left,
An elderly man appeared at the
Health Office yesterday seeking infor
mation of Thomas Walter Carr. whose ;
brother died two years ago in England,
leaving Carr an estate of $40,000. The
records were looked up and It was
ascertained that Carr became an in- >
mate of the Almshouse In 1895 and !
died in the institution of softening of
the brain August 3. 1898. at the age;
of 73 years. Carr was a native of:
England and was a seafaring man. \
The inquirer told the Health Office
attaches that Carr's brother, who left !
the estate, had no ether known rela- j
tire. '
Siraneer Seeks Information About
Thomas W. Carr. to Whom
I1EIU TO A RICH ESTATE
DIES IN THE ALMSHOCSEI
John G. Klumpke is more than 80
years old and on that account and
others his children, represented by
Henry Treukamp, have petitioned the
Superior Court to remove him fr'om
his position as administrator of the
estate of his deceased wife, A. E. C.
Bernardina Klumpke, who died No
vember 1. 1902. They allege that the
old man Is feeble and has not looked
after the estate, which more than a
year and a half ago should have been
settled. They say. too, that Charles
Bergeson and Frank Bergeson brought
fraudulent claims against the estate
for $2336 and $1781 respectively,
which Klumpke allowed, and they de
clare that he Is hostile to the heirs
and will make the expense of adminis
tration as heavy as possible. Mrs.
Klumpke left the husband the home
on Powell street, near Pine.
Administrator Too Old.
There is' no change In the situation
regarding the appointment of a School
Director to succeed C. W. Mark. Park
Commissioner Altmann still appears
to be In the lead for the place. It is
said that the Mayor's delay in the
making' of the appointment is due to
the fact that he has not yet decided
on the man for a Park Commissioner
to succeed Altmann.
Mayor Delays Making Appointment
Until He Selects Some One to Fill
Vacancy on Park Board.
AI/TMAXX STILJL LEADS
FOR SCHOOL DIRECTOR
The Grand Jury postponed the caas
of George T. Balllnger until the next
week, when further testimony will be
taken. Ballinger is-accused of having
embezzled $250 from the California
Art Glass Bending and Cutting- Works.
On the stand Graney said that the
award to him was a political "mump"
and that politics went a long way in
the distribution of contracts.
Investigates Fire Commissioners*
Award of Horse Snoring Con
tract to "Eddie" Graney.
The Grand Jury yesterday failed to
reach a conclusion on the Fire Com
missioners' award of the contract for
shoeing the horses of the Fire De
partment to E. M. Graney, who pre
sented the only bid. The Fire Com
missioners testified, that Graney'a bid
to shoe horses for $2 50 per head was
a reasonable one and that as he had
previously done this work for the city
in a satisfactory manner there was
no reason why he should not get the
contract. The charter required that
the contract -be given to the lowest
bidder.
GRAND JTRY PAILS TO
REACH A CONCLUSION
The sentence passed by the Colonel
Morris court-martial on Lieutenant
Wylie T. Conway of the Twenty-eighth
Infantry has been approved by th
department commander.
On the night of June 21 Lieutenant
Conway was absent from the post and
failed to register his departure in the
book kept for that purpose by the
regimental adjutant. To these charges
he pleaded guilty and was sentenced
to be confined to the limits of his post
at the infantry cantonment, Presidio,
for one month.
The army transport Logan arrived
at Honolulu from San Francisco yes
terday. The army transport Sheridan
Is due to arrive at San Francisco next
Sunday.
Lieutenant A. M. Hall registered
yesterday at army headquarters.
Findlnss of the Court-3Iartial Ap
proved and Conway Receives
Sentence.
UEUTEN'ANT ABSENT FROM
POST IS PUXISIIED
Congressional conventions of the First,
Second and Sixth districts will meet
and nominate at Santa Cruz on Thurs
day, August 25. The Fourth Congres
sional District Republican Conven
tion will meet In San Francisco, Thurs
day evening, September 22. The dele
gates elected to the State convention
from this district will comprise the
Congressional district convention.
The Board of "Works yesterday
placed its seal of disapproval on
wooden sidewalks by denying the petl
t'on of Korbel Bros, to put one down
in front of the firm's premises at 711
Bryant street. The firm must put
down an artificial stone sidewalk, as
the locality is in the district requiring
such sidewalks.
The Board of Public "Works has
adopted the City Engineer's specifica
tions for the paving with asphalt of
the northerly half of H street, from
Seventh to Twentieth avenues, and or
dered bids invited for the improve
ment. The cost estimate of the work
has been figured at about 525,000.
City Engineer Woodward submitted
a report upon the plan proposed by
the Sanitary Reduction Works to
ameliorate the nuisance resulting from
the noxious gases emanating from the
garbage crematory.
The board granted the Southern Pa
cific Company a permit to tear up the
streets along the route of Its proposed
bay shore or cut-off line.
Denies Petition of Lumber Firm for
Laying One In the Pro
hibited District.
Robert Perry, colored, was arrested
last night by Detectives Charles
Brown and Al Holmes and charged
with burglary. Perry is wanted here
for robbing the II & B saloon, corner
of Merchant street and Dun bar alley,
on September 15 last.
Xesro Burglar Caught.
BOARD DISAPPROVES
OF WOODEX SIDEWALKS
Th* opening of Cams At*scad«n> will be
most Interesting. On Saturday. August 13. the
National Guard will make camp and the regu
lars will hold cavalry, artlllerr aad Infantry
exercises. Sunday ther* win be divine servlc*
for all Us* troop*, and squadron, battalion aad
regimental reviews, besides bond concerts.
Monday forenoon there will be battle exercises,
evolution of the racioKnt; afternoon, evolution
of the brigade. The Saturday drill of the
mounted troop* will be repeat* 1.
Round trta rate from Son Francisco to Paso
Robl««. on* and cne-third far*. Hotel £3 Paso
de Rotles will be headquarters for visitors, aad
automobile service will be giv«n between the
hotel and camp, and there will also be a roand
trlp rstl ratt of U cents. Flirther details of
any axent. or at acutiwrn Pacific office. 613
Market street. •
Programme of the Army Camp.
•Work Done at i~*nergency H0-pit.1l-.
Chief Surgeon John I. Stephen sub
mitted his annual report of the cases
treated at the four emergency hos
pitals for the fiscal year ending July
31. At the Central Emergency Hos
pital 717$ patients were treated; Har
bor, 5052; Park. S72; Potrero. which
was opened November 15, 741, making
a total of all patients at the several
hospitals cf 13.944. The increases
over 1S03 at each hospital were: Cen
tral. S41; Harbor. 506; Park. 392.
making a total increase of 1840 cases!
The year preceding showed an in
crease of 1000 over the preceding
year.
Alfredo Mesquita. editor of the Lis
bon Daily News, and one of the fore
most journalists of Portugal, arrived in
this city yesterday. Mr. Mesquita is on
his way to the St. Louis exposition,
where he will act as press commissioner
for his country.
It is Mr. Mesqulta's intention to write
a book describing life and conditions in
this country when he returns to Portu
gal. This will be the first work on
America written in the Portuguese lan
guage.
Already Editor Mesquita has seen
a great deal of California, having spent
two mc-nths touring the southern part
with Dr. J. de S. Bettencourt of this
city. Dr. Bettencourt, who will act as
a juror in one of the Portuguese sec
tions at the exposition, will accompany
the journalist to St. Louis.
The Portuguese newspaper man is
delighted with what he has seen in
California and intends to devote sev
eral chapters of his book to this State.
He will remain in the city for several
weeks.
A. Mesquita, a Lisbon Editor,
Is Here on His Way
to St. Louis.
PORTUGESE PRESS COMMIS
SIONER TO THE WORLD- S FAIR,
NOW VISITING IX THIS CITT.
The Columbia Theater manage
ment has just concluded a deal by ;
which Arnold Daly and his company
will leave New York on Monday, com- I
ing direct to San Francisco for the
production of Bernard Shaw's play,
"Candida." This created a furor in
New York all last season as staged
by Arnold Daly and was for many
weeks played to crowded houses. By
many It is said to be the greatest of
all the remarkable Shaw plays and it
should prove one of the most inter
esting attractions of the season at the
Columbia.* The engagement will be
gin Monday night, August 22, and will
continue for two weeks, after which
Mr. - Daly and his company will leave 1
for New York, where he will again j
appear in the piece. The advance
sale of seats begins next Thursday
morning.
"Candida" to Be Se£h Here.
OREGON CITY, Aug. 11. — Driven
out of their mountain homes by forest
fires, all kinds of wild animals have
entered Clackamas County towns.
Yesterday Louis Maxon and K.
Kieinsmith killed a full-grown black j
bear in the middle of the Highland j
settlement. A panther was shot and j
killed within 100 yards of the general
store of Highland. A smaller bear was
killed last week by a settler, who j
found the animal roaming about <
within a short distance of his home. j
Farmers' herds in the valley have |
not yet been attacked. The animals !
appear dazed and offer little resist- j
ance when discovered. It is supposed i
that the constant smoke from the for- i
est fires through which they have
passed has rendered them purblind. ;
Special Dispatch to Th* Call
General Frank C- Prescott was re
nominated for the Assembly. It Is wired
that the delegation to the Senatorial
district convention will elect W. T.
Leake of Ontario, a Bard man.
In the Bard camp it is claimed that
this indorsement by San Bernardino
places the Senator ahead of all his com
petitors in Southern California, without
counting San Luis Obispo and Kern as
belonging to the south.
The official count of the votes cast
at the primaries has been completed
up to the Ninety-fourth Precinct of
the Forty-second District. Up to date
no changes have resulted, but In the
tally books of the Forty-seventh Pre
cinct, Thirty-fifth District, a condi
tion was discovered that is hard to
attribute to honest error. One hundred
and five votes that should have been
counted for the local ticket headed by
John Partridge, which was put up In
opposition to the Republican organi
zation, were not tallied. This whole
sale burial of votes did not change re
sults, however, for even this formid
able number of ballots was not suf
ficient to overcome the lead of the op
position ticket. The votes for del£
gates to the State convention contained
or. these ballots were all counted. How
the election officers came to overlook
the local ticket In the matter of theso
ballots is a question they alone can an
swer, especially in view of the signifi
cant fact that on such lapse was dis
covered in regard to the ballots cast
for the local organization ticket.
Nothing has been disclosed In the
official review of the returns to justify
the expectation that the Horses and
Carts will get anything more than a
"look in" when the. Democratic con
vention assembles. Gavin McXab will
have a sufficient number of delegates
to elect the chairman and nominate
the entire ticket. The leaders of the
Democratic organization assert that
proper measures have been taken to
arrest and convict several of the men
¦who committed fraud- and perjury on
the day of election.
The time for holding the Demo
cratic local convention was not fixed
by the county committee when the of
ficial call was adopted, but the local
nominations will not be made until
the latter part of September. It la
common gossip that the "organiza
tion" will not oppose the renominatlon
of E. J. Livernash for Congress in the
Fourth District.
Nearly If not quite all of the Demo
cratic nominations for Congress will
be made at Santa. Cruz, Tuesday. Au
gust 23. |
It is probable that the Republican
Messages were received by wire last
evening to the effect that the San Ber
nardino Republican County Convention
yesterday adopted resolutions strongly
commending Senator Bard's course in
the Senate. After referring to his rec
ord In general the resolutions specified
his position as chairman of the Irriga
tion Committee, which It is declared
"furnishes additional reason why he
should be continued as one of the rep
resentatives of California, in the Senate
at Washington. We therefore believe."
the memorial continues, "he is the
choice of the Republicans of this coun
ty as his own successor."
Further than this the legislative nom
inees were not instructed, but the reso
lutions are understood to bind them as
long as Bard is in the contest with a
show of winning.
Nothing more was heard of the mat
ter until the arrival in Port Town
6*nd yesterday of Miss Leiter. She
called upon the Wrights. He refused
to have anything to do with her and
Mrs. Wright No. 1 helped him to keep
away. jj rs . Wright No. 2 called on
the Prosecuting Attorney, but on learn
ing that she would have to prosecute
Wright for crime if she did anything at
ell. she . told the attorney that she
loved him too much to do anything
tf the kind and had come to see him
Eflnply because she could not stay
away.
It i* said that he has cince made a
trip to Victoria with the original Mrs.
"Wright, where a marriage ceremony
"»as performed. In the meantime an
attempt had been made by him to get
& divorce from the chorus singer whom
he married in Seattle.
' Judge Hatch recognized Wrisrht as
ft married man and declined to officiate.
The couple went to a Justice in Seattle
&nd were married, then going to Vic
toria. The first wife remained in
charge of the store in Port Townsend.
Ehe was soon in communication with
the pair at Victoria, obtaining an audi
ence through the necessity of obtain
ir^ Wright's signature to certain
papers. The papers had hardly been
fled till Wright appeared again in Port
Townsend, going to live with the
original Mrs. Wright-
TACOMA. Wash.. Aug. 1L— Several
taoatfca ago H. A. Wright of Port
.townsend applied to the Superior
Court at Seattle to marry nim to Sylvia
Ixriter. It happened that Judse Hatch
cf Port Townsend was on the b^nch
acting for the Seattle Judge.
¦¦ ..-¦¦¦ - . . » . .
Sv*ci*l DUcatch to The Call
It Is hoped that with the co-opera
tion of other libraries, not only may a
new center for scholarship and re
search in the subjects covered by it be
established in the West, but that it
may be possible ultimately to provide
In Chicago such an equipment, cover
ing the legislation, jurisprudence and
customary law of the entire world, as
will render unnecessary a resort to
other centers for the materials of legal
learning and practice.
The working benefits of the Gary col
lection are not to be confined to- the
bar of Chicago, all of whose members
may make unlimited use of it for a
nominal annual fee. Any member of
the bar outside of Chicago, or any
other person desiring- legal advice upcra
foreign law, may write to the law
school of Northwestern University,
Chicago, stating his case or question
of law. The communication will then
be handed for reply to some local legal
adviser, having the privileges of the
library and recommended by the ap
propriate Consul as skilled in the lan
guage concerned, who will consult the
library and return an answer, charg
ing such fee as may be agreed on be
tween himself and the correspondent.
For this service the school will charge
nothing.
It Is also arranged that any member
of the faculty of any other university
may without charge consult the col
lection, or, on proper guarantees, bor
row certain volumes.
"What are the objects to be accom
plished in the establishment of such a
department In a law school library?
One is to suggest ampler courses of in
struction in comparative legislation, to
promote broader legal thinking and to
increase the knowledge of international
law. Another, inasmuch as American
Jurisprudence is rooted in the history
of the Teutonic nations, is to induce
students to investigate thoroughly the
early legal ideas of Germany and Scan
dinavia. Thirdly, and of paramount Im
portance, dairy legal practice will be
continually helped by this collection.
The vast Immigrant population of
the Central "West and Northwest de
mands much aid. In Chicago alone the
foreign born population numbers— not
including British born and those of
foreign parentage — 152,000. There are
Bc-hemians, 36,000; Dutch, 19,000; Poles,
60,000; Danes. 10,000; Hungarians, 5000;
Germans. 170,000; Italians, 16,000; Rus
sians. 25,000; Norwegians, 22,000;
Swedes, 43,000, and various other na
tionalities, 40,000. Legal questions con
stantly arise concerning inheritance,
marriage, commercial rights, military
service and many other interests upon
which the resident attorney needs to
obtain a thorough understanding of
existing European law without con
sulting a foreign attorney. Time and
expense are thus saved and a more
Intelligent handling of the case be
comes practicable.
COLLECTION FOR ALL.
This collection is of unequaled scope
and value among the libraries of the
country, the only other library equipped
with Continental codes and decisions
being that of the Harvard law school,
which contain decisions of Beven coun
tries. In the Gary collection there are
twenty-one independent countries rep
resented — Austria-Hungary, Belgium,
Bulgaria, Denmark. France, Germany,
Greece, Italy. Luxembourg, Monaco,
Montenegro. Netherlands, Norway, Por
tugal, Roumania, Russia, Servia, Spain,
Sweden. Switzerland and Turkey, being
the entire continent of Europe.
Already the purchases number 6000
volumes. The contents of the collec
tion for each country include the codes,
or systematic legislation, and the stat
utes, all in the original language, with
their translations into other languages,
decisions of the highest courts, leading
law journals and legal and historical
treatises. A preliminary catalogue has
already been printed, to be followed by
one that will be more complete.
Generous aid in the formation of this
unique collection -has been given by
Continental editors, publishers, libra
rians, professors and by the foreign
Consuls in Chicago and their legal ad
visers.
WHAT CAN BE ACCOMPLISHED.
The law school of the Northwestern
University of Evanston, near Chicago,
has within the last year received a re
markable grift. It is known as the Gary
collection of Continental lawa and juris
prudence, and was given to the school
by Judge E. H. Gary, class of 1S67. now
of New York.
Little Resistance Is Of
fered and Farmers Believe
the Varmints Are Purblind
Leaders of Local Democrat
ic Organization Will Pros
ecute Fraudulent Voters
Spouse No. 2 Will Not Pros
ecute the Case Because
. of Her Fondness for Him
BEASTS APPEAR DAZED
REMARRIES ORIGINAL
Noteworthy Library. Unique
in America, Is Open to Use
of Lawyers Everywhere
¦ SIX THOUSAND VOLUMES
XcNAB A SURE WINNER
Bear and Panthers Escape
From Forest Fires and En
ter a Town in Oregon
San Bernardino County Re
publicans Adopt Resolu
tions Commending Bard
•Bort Townsend Mail Weds (a
§" Chorus Girl, but Wearies
and Returns to _\o. 1
Xor th west era University Is
the Recipient of Works
ou Foreign Jurisprudence
- -¦
WILD ANIMALS
SEEK REFUGE
VALUED GIFT
OF LAW BOOKS
LIVELY FIGHT
FOR THE TOGA
HAS TWO WIVES
AND BOTH LOVE
WILL DESCRIBE
THIS COUNTRY
IN PORTUGUESE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. FRIDAY, AUGUST 12, 1904
7
Ye Olde English Inn,
144 Mason st. Music by the great Pan-
American quartet. • .
ADVKKTISEMEyrS.
f Mrs. Fairbanks tells how ne- ¦
gleet of warning symptoms will
soon prostrate a woman. She
thinks woman's safeguard is
Lydia E Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound.
" Dtab Mes. Px~_3CA_t: — Ignorance
¦ *.sd neglect are the cause of untold
rcfJericg', not oaly with the
. laws of health but with the chance of a
' crre. I did not heed the warnings cf
* headaches, or— anic pains, and general
-reari_ess, until I was well nigh pros-
trated. I knew I had to do 6c_ae thing 1 .
• Eappily I did the right thing. I tock
Lydia E. Plnkham's Vegetable
. .Compound faithfully, according- to
,d!rectic_js, aad was rewarded in a ferr
-reek* to find that my aches and pains
disappeared, and I again felt the glow
" cf health throt^-h my body. Since I
hare been -reU 1 haTebeen more care-
ful, I hare also adnsed a nnnber of
r=T sick friends to t-ke Lydia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound, and they ha~e never h_d
reason to be sorry. Yours -cry truly,
Mes. Mat Faibb_-_3, 215 South 7th
St.. Minneapolis, Minn." (Mrs. Fair-
basks is oae of the most successful and
big-heat salaried travelling saleswomen
in the West.) — SSOCO forfeit If original cf
. eteM letter pre/*7 gtnjreirsxt cornat *« proiocri
Mrs. Pinkham invites all sick
. women to write her for advice.
"She has sruided thousands to
health* Address, Lvan, Mass.
D Painless Fillings 25c c
1 Painless Crowns $3 30 |
B Ful Set of Teeth $4-00 I j
j "VANVRO0M" J
lj> Sixth and Market |:|
fH. S. "BIUDGlFir Cd, '
\ MERCHANT TA!LORS,
e22 Market Street. 1
i } Up Stairs. Op p. Palace Hotel.
') SAN FRANasCO. <
i Novelties in Imported Wear. I
' JJJ ' JVlW '' I
_¦% *¦ rj 0H Ont2ts. Goaa. Aamsol-
|M MH I t:ca. Flfbirc acd Outis.
tl 1 1 till I B-» Coo^s- T;«nu cad truss to
llUlHS R ' =t CATALOG FREE.
LJ fl C f I I f HRETVE & BARBER CO«
tzx s__r-r »t, a. r»
.-v-.-.^.-.w ApyER^nsTDIEyTO.
A lady whose home is out of San Francisco,
after reading our ad. about this
Clearance Sale of
New and Used Pianos
Sent us $200 and told us to select for her best
new piano for the amount we could furnish.
We sent her piano taken from shipment just
received. 'Twas a piano we advertised for
$190. She got the piano and ten dollars back.
Now she writes: "Two of my neighbors want
pianos like mine. Have you got them, and same
price ?"
$275 New Pianos
Cut to $190
There are probably fifty new pianos yet to go
in this Clearance Sale, and there isn't one of
'em that has suffered cut in price of less than
$50, some of them $75, 'and this to $100. These
pianos, mark ypu, are new $250, $300 to $350
and $400 instruments, at such prices as $160,
$165, $175 to $200, $250 and upward. Not a
"cheap" or unreliable piano in the lot. We
guarantee every one of them.
I Good Old MaKes
New and Used Pianos
Both upright and grand, also square pianos.
Room they occupy we have got to have, and
we have got to have it in a week — ten days at
most, Numerous styles and any wood you
want. Splendid selections now at $90, $125,
$I35» $ x 5o to $175 and up. .
Nothing added to these prices if you buy on time
Store open this evening until 9 rjo.
KOHLEft a CHASE
(The Largest Music House on the Coast),
Corner Post and Kearny Sts-, San Francisco.
TIVOI |opeR^
I I VV/ LI HOUSE.
I To-_Tl8-_t tad I /^ND i
E-ery _ri_-t -> 8 *J pin
Bmain' Far-dUe la. / u/--v
| Xh.% Promenade Crcl> j *—* WttR
OJ tbe £uperb Tlvoli 3«as-Uoa
THE
Bt Iran Caryl! and Lionel Manetea
WITH JLS UNRIVALED CA3T
SEATS NOW READT.
CroU TItoI! Prtcm» — 23c. 80c. TSc
' OXLY M [ATPfEE gATCRDAT
Vaudeville's Superlative!
' __• — tT« Madcapm. Xndnd-ar _•«_» _C-d-
cap 1— t-.« Xadluai Sane*; Toy aad
Clark; Gayer aad OTSTeU; S-f-as Ma-
¦ic-1 Trto. a_d Orp_ea_i Motion Fle-
taxts.
L*st Tlmea of OUt« Kay aad J. W. Al-
baos_ Jr.; McCa%«. Sa-ta* aad V«r»;
_.«* Olopas. aad t_a X_apiz« Ccaaedy
Tata.
RegisUr M_Un*«» Everr "Wedaetday. Ttani-
dar. Saturday »nd Sunday. Frtc«»— 10b. 2So
and 80c.
CALIFORNIA^ _
' Jr BI o 9 £sx HIT OT ALL— MAT. T0-Xo££oi^
|| 1 THE ELU-B WAIiTEBS CO.
fl Ba««i_l m PRESENTXNO THB ROAB-
S Price* l\ ING COMEDY MELO-
B b——— DRAMA
1 15c MILLIONAIRE
I |5e TRAMP J%&-
Brt. Sunday Xatiaea — JUst a«for«
{Jv»C{ Sawa.
Co___ur — Amn— tt 38t_
TLOnESCn -.OBEBTS.
En«artsj«nt Ltetted to Foar Wm!u Only.
Under th* Direction of Frtderte BeSisso.
Osxrolor Play^ — *T«_i of the D'CberTtlle*.*^
ALCAZAR^H^r
G«ser-I Uaaxser.
TO-NIGHT— 3IATS. THTR. ANI> SAT.
ETg.. 25c to TSc. Mat*. Thur». & Sat.. 25c to 5Oc.
WHITE | Aa- 0* Alcaatf Sac it Co. |
WHITTLESEY
In U»e first San Francisco Broductlon et
S HER ID A Fit
Grtho Maid of Bath! W
"A pronounced success." — Can.
"Cleverly acted."— Chronicle.
••Go to tas Alcaxar."— Bulletin.
Monday August 15. MR. WHITTLESST In
•THE MANTCMAN." by HaU Cain*. Author
or 'The Christian" and "The Eters— 1 City."
Market »t. Eighth. Fhon* Souta SS3
TO-NIGHT — LAST THREE NIGHTS.
Mats. To-Morro— r and Sunday.
Charley Hoyt's Masterpiece of wit. Humor and
Burlesque.
BUNCH OF KEYS
Ballet cf Pretty GlrU! Song-! Dances! Medleys!
R*aoo*aranee o£ the Frisco FavoriUs.
JAMES CORBIGAN.
D!>irrC Erenlnis, 10c to Me
rttl-CJ Matln»es, 10c. ISc. 2Sc
Ansiist 15— First App«aranc« of th« Ontral'«
New Leadlnc Lady. ETHEL CLIFTON. In
Theodore Ki-xn«'» Latest Success, "FOR HES
CHILDREN'S SAKE."
anscELJ-vyEocs amusements.
B/\SE_3/\L_L.
San Francisco vsl Seattle.
At RECREATION PARK.
E.'chth and Harrison Streets.
WEDNESDAT. THTJRiDAT and FRTDAT.
3:30 P. M.
8ATCHDAT. S P. 14.
SUNDAY. 2:3O P. M.
Ladles Free Thursday and Friday.
Ad-anf sal* of xats at 5 StocHtoa Street.
WEEKLY CALL, f 1.00 PEB TEAB.
AMUSEMENTS.
T-« RcjS and t_« Crash Costissc-.
Everybody Wxsta to S««
"The Whirl of the Town"
Gtsantlc Kculc-l Barleaqn*.
Three Ada of G— >— t NoveUt««.
rrSEXCHMETf -STAR CAST."
DOROTHY MORTON. NEliJE CSTRTN-
IXOSSIE HOPE. RICE _Bd CADT. BOBsV
NORTH. EDWT7 CLARK. BEN DIIXO.V
LIONEL LAWRENCE.
StTPERB CHORUS OT 40 VOICES.
, M— tineea Sax. aad Son. — Same Popular Price*
D«t» fcx«d — N«xt Attraction. Mocdax Aat
-2. **THi: AXHECSER-PUSCH." Aa Or)*-
tsai Bj>-to-d_ t« Musical BcrUwr-M.
GRAND SSSsi
List Two Hfgfits — Hitlnss To-marrow.
MUAMjBNEILL
A Parisian Romance
tSL «. I5c, 25c, 50c
NEXT SUNDAY M.UI.1EE—
"THE LOTTERY OF LOVE"
GOLUifiBSA ncaaiHSBa
**•—^ _L_n> a._— _x — ' *¦¦"*?,
X«at Perform ano of _rm«T Biiw_ •
Kls— tl7. «xe«pt_ix Soadmf.
MATTXEB SA.TURDAT OJ~ _T. ' I
C_ arlea Frchnan prcsants
UCIIDVAIII I CD
HENKY ilLliR
ta Hen xy Artiuxr Janes* <** •• "^4 j,
JOSEPH ENTANGLED
Coming — Ar.old Vnlj ta "Tl VHIT- 4 **
c-jcpsxc-x. ass jozc-soar. z_v.t_ or
___B S-XSOW TBZO.
And » Splca&id Show Stczt Afteraoca
and _r-c__3_ > la t_» Tiwiur.
TAKE A RIDi: ON TH3
XISIATnS- ELEC7BIC ___-X__OA9.
THREE BABT LIOX3 U? THB ZOO.
INSPECT CABARET DE LA -TORT.
E«ar tie Pn«n_«tlc Sjrass_o_7 Orchestrion.
Lo^« Ycxxn«Lf la. t_» Mirror ____«.
ADMISSIOM tOr I CHILDREN So
When Phcntn. A»- for "Thg Cfcqtai"
p q 1o rp DO k YT FAIL TO
iciiawc MCC beaati£ul
« COURT Lo-njing
5? fl fl room, the EMPIRS
autt parlor, the
n 1 PALM ROOM, the
linHI-l LOUIS XV PAR-
ui auu LOR^ the j^^
U i.^1- DIES' WRITING
Hotels roqm -
BRUSHES K £SS&JS:
-IllUwil-iU hooan. KlUart table*.
brewerm. bockbtader*. candy ?»_«-. c-uan.
«y»m fioar mlCx loosdrtea. -vun-rJej. J*2_T
j __ng?r». prlat«rs. patou**. nhx» ftutwt^,
BT7CHA_r_-f BS03-
8ra__ aiauii— f-cto rtn. 609 8»cr»~t«atD 1_
\A/. T. HESS.
Votxry »_WIe «ad Attox_«T-«t-Xi*w.
Teat- >noer. Rocnx 10U, CUas S?r«c_»U bids.
Telapi— ins _U:a 9S3.
Rrstdenec. ISCZ McAI!i»t«r at.
R«sid«-c« Taicpbm* Pa<« SOU.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD CSE DAM1ANA BITTERS. THB
Great Mexican Remedy; gVtta bemltfc _a4
•trcefft- to mxo_I acs-B- Depot. XB MlrtK.
¦ PRAGERS
Friday Surprise No. 6
AS the Friday Sales progress the interest* be-
comes greater and the announcements are
being eagerly looked for each week by
shoppers who know bargains when they see them.
To-day's items will prove irresistible.
California Blankets
tf*r» 5ft Pair — A Blanket Sale in Angust means low prices be-
_n^j #^jW yond a doubt, and in view of the present cooi weather
•^ this item will be doubly welcome. Two yards wide,
pretty pink, blue and red borders; this is a regular $6.00 blanket.
We limit 2 to each customer and will not sell to the trade.
wU_k OpCvidiO
__ .**. ' ¦*- J , T . . _... . . . .
TQ-j iard — rp-inch Lining Silk in all color?; crc3rr. zr.d D.ack;
-1 / W regular value 45c a yard. I
5Qp Yard— ig-inch Black Taffeta; adapted to use for lining;
O/v rufHing or trimming; never sold for less than 50c a yard.
For the Boys
Woolen Knee Trousers; same quality that we sell regularly
rrjC for 5OC. We have all sizes. This is extra special for thi3
I "" W day only.
i Qj-i Blue Overalls; regular 25c values; ages 10 to 15 years; for
1/C to-day only.
Men's Special
¦fl f\ Black Silk Bow Ties, also the Midget Strtnar Ties, in colors
1UC on l v; a^ ncw « clean zoods; sell regularly tor 25c; sal- for
to-day only.
Skirts and Petticoats
• a 280 Linen Colored Duck Crash Petticoats, well made; foil
U^C an( * w '5* e « w^k i--inch flounce ornamented with three rows
of ruffling; regular price $1.00.
tf*~f An Black Cheviot Walking Skirts: several different styles;
lOOt/i) a^- s Pl en<^dly tailored; some plain; others trimmed with
tailor buttons; medium and extra large ii_es; real valne
$6.50.
Honsehold Bargains
-"!• Universal Food Chopper, a necessity that every kitchen
/QC should possess, and regularly sold at $1-25. Cheap at this
price.
1 Qf% Enameled Agate Colanders, 10 inches j regularly told at
• 35c. Special at this price.
1 Q-* Hardwood Wash Boards; just the kind you want; reg_!arty
1 7w sold at 35c.
Jackson AD the ?<"»-!«•
Cigars /fro** & 4^ft^%3^ «> /Sr i l2<lnccj - ent * ot
12 for 25c g"^ j<L-wxrs b-O-asle this store
Friday Only /* 12$8»123O MARKET ST^Sy are stffl here.Townsend's California Glace fruits . In
artistic fire-etched boxes. "15 Market sU*
tisement."
Robert Barr, who has achieved a
certain distinction in story writing, as
Charlie Barr, another Scotchman, and
probably a distant cousin, has in sail
ing yachts, goes thus on record: "The
most lavishly paid writers in the
United States to-day are not the au
thors of stories, but the originators of
advertisements. Anybody can write a
story and mostly everybody does, but
it takes a genius to compile an adver-
Profitable.
In a torpedo boat recently con
structed in England a striking inno
vation has been made in combining
steam turbines -with an ordinary recip
rocating engine, the object being to
secure enconomy at low' speeds, and
high efficlecy when-the maximum speed
Is demanded. In the vessel, which is
of the ordinary design otherwise, there
are three shafts; .to each of -.vhich one
propeller is fitted. The reciprocating
engine, which has an indicated horse
power of 250. drives the center shaft
at a speedy of about 450 revolutions
per minute, a rate sufficient to obtain
a soeed of about ten. knot-* per hour.
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by taa
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cal
ifornia street Telephone Main 104S, •
A New Torpedo-Boat.
: FREEZING — Subscriber, Isleton.
Cal. Water in ordinary cases freezes
at the degree of 32 Fahrenheit, or 0
Centigrade or Reaumur, but If kept
perfectly still it may be cooled to
nearly 22 Fahrenheit below freezing,
and still remain liquid. The least
shake, however, or the throwing In of
a solid body makes a portion of it
freeze instantly, and its temperature
rises v immediately to 32. Still water,
if the temperature remained below
freezing for three successive Tveeka,
would probably freeze solid, but th»*
depth to which water freezes depends
upon conditions.
WHEATON, who is an accepted authority on
international law, says that if a prize be a
neutral ship, ho circumstances will justify the
captor in destroying her before condemnation by a prize
court, and if destroyed full compensation must be given
her owner. Moreover, he lays down the rule that in
ability to put a prize crew on the captured neutral ship
does not justify sinking her. since such inahility h the
belligerent's misfortune and in no way affects the rights
of the neutral.
Hall, another modern and very high authority, goes so
far as to say that if for any reason a neutral prize can
not be taken to port for adjudication by a prize court,
she must be released. Lord Stowell, who wrote into in
ternational law the most important of its principles
touching the rights of neutrals, said: "When a ship is
neutral thcact of destruction cannot be justified to the
neutral owner by the grave importance of such an act to
the captor's own state. To the neutral it can be justified
under such circumstances only by a full restitution in
value."-
There is no principle laid down. in international law
that contravenes this. If a neutral be destroyed at sea
SINKING NEUTRAL SHIPS.
ARMY PAY— P., Watsonville, Cal.
The pay of non-commissioned officers
in the United States army is from $11
to $45 a month, and that of privates $13
a month upon first enlistment. It in
creases with each subsequent enlist
ment. For service in Porto Rico, the
Philippines, Hawaii and Alaska there
is 10 per cent additional for officers and
20 per cent for enlisted men.
DEATH VALLEY— A Constant Read
er, City. The famous Death Valley of
California is in Inyo County, between
the Panamint Mountains and the
Amargosa Range. It is forty miles
long by about eight broad. In its
deepest part Its bed is 159 feet below
the level of the sea. Its rocky sides
rise fr"om 1300 to 3000 feet above its bed.
THE Landmarks League publicly files a complaint.
The league was organized to acquire and preserve
the ancient landmarks of California, romantically
and practically connected with its history. It had the
sympathy of the Native Sons and Daughters, and of the
Pioneers, and was successful in raising money to buy
old missions and forts and restore and preserve them.
When it got sufficient momentum to be in the public
eye, Mr. Hearst appeared in the midst of it and took
charge of the movement as a means of advertising him
self and his business. He made himself the custodian of
the money collected, and as fast as properties were
bought took the deeds in his own name. The league and
other organizations interested appointed an able Advis
ory Committee to advise Mr. Hearst. Now it appears
that one of the most interesting of the old landmarks,
one of the earliest mission buildings, needs a roof to pre
vent its destruction; and money is needed for the other
purposes of the movement, and- Mr. Hearst refuses to let
it be devoted to the purpose for which it was collected,
although advised by the Advisory Committee that its
use is vitally necessary. Hence the public complaint
that the preservation of the ancient landmarks is at a
standstill, and that property acquiredis going to ruin
for need of money that is on hand for use but can't be
used because Mr. Hearst objects.
The various organizations concerned seem to have
made a mistake. Their Advisory Committee is all right,
but they omitted,to provide that Mr. Hearst should take
its advice. The! committee is" full: of advice, and emits
it like sparks from the fur of a cat. Its advice seems to
the public to be wise and timely. But it does not im
press the party who was to be advised. We can sug
gest no solution to the situation except that the Advis
ory»-Committee try to duplicate the collections and
keep the money in its own custody, to improve and pro
tect the landmarks which it has deeded to Mr. Hearst.
An artist in America has been tell
ing a story of Millais which is not
new, but which will bear repetition:
"Sir John Millais once showed me
the original of 'Chill October,' and at
the same time told me a story about
it. He said that as he sat painting
one gray afternoon among the reeds
and rushes of the Tay a voice from
behind a hedge asked: 'Man, did ye
ever try photography?' 'No, never,'
said Sir John, and he continued to
paint slowly. 'It's a hantle quicker,'
said the voice.. 'Yes, I suppose so.*
the painter agreed. Then the , voice
said bitlngly: 'An' it's mair like the
place.* "
No one could enjoy a remark • of
this kind more ttfan Sir John Millais,
and nothing pleased him better than
to recall incidents* which told against
himself. — Westminster Gazette.
'Advised Millars .
ADVICE THAT DOES NOT ADVISE.
by him to be trustworthy. The Mos^
cow press, which has a Viedomosti of
its own. resented these imputations,
the latter with particular energy.
Proofs of the St. Petersburg allegation
were demanded. If these were not
forthcoming the Government* ought to
act and put a stigma on such disloyal
practices, If it could not punish them.
So far no proof of the allegation has
been submitted, though It is generally
thought to have some foundation in
truth. The Journal de St. Petersburg,
the official organ, takes this view of
the case, a fact which is looked on as
more startling than the original asser
tion. The controversy is still going on,
with no end of epithets on both sides
and no visible sign of cessation/
Tha editor of the St. Petersburg
Viedomosti recently created a national
sensation by charging the ancient cap
ital of Russia, Moscow, with wholesale
treason. The bankers and merchants
there, he said, were not only indifferent
to the war, but were sordid, selfish,
disloyal and shameless enough to make
heavy Investments in Japanese bonds.
This information came to the editor
from good patriots who didn't want
their names used, but were considered
The War in Russia.
FOREIGN BORN— A Subscriber.
City. A child born to American parents
who are traveling through or tempor
arily residing in a foreign country is a
native of the country in which born,
but an American citizen.
SWIMMING — Constant Reader. City.
It is highly injudicious for any on*
to "so In swimming immediately after
meals." No one should do so until at
least an hour and a half after a meal.
An Italian anarchist, who was an extremely unwel
come sojourner in this city, although in jail, has been
deported to Italy, where he probably will receive his
deserts. While we are thankful for the advantage to us
involved in the fellow's removal, ordinary humanity
prompts a regret that our gain must mean Italy's loss.
'Answers to Queries.
FERNANDO WOOD— A. O. S., City.
At the time of the breaking out of th«
Civil War the Mayor of New York wag
Fernando Wood.
A Wichita (Kans.) Democrat r+»
fuses to vote for Henry O. Davis for
Vice President since learning that h«
Is an "octogenarian." He says he will
never vote for a man who Is even
one-eighth negro.
Davis Barred.
And they override who tarryeth.
With show of color and flush of pride
They stir the dust on the highway.
Liet them ride on the highway wide,
.Love walks in little paths aside.
All day long on the highway
Is the tramp of an army's feet;
You may see them go in a marshaled
row
"With the tale of their arms complete;
They march for war and they march
for peace.
For the lust of gold and fame's in
crease.
For victories sadder than defeat
They raise the dust on the highway.
All the armies of earth defied.
Love dwells in little paths asida.
All day long on the highway
Rushes an eager band.
With straining eyes for a worthless
prize *•
That slips from the grasp like sand,
And men leave blood where their feet
have stood v k '
And bow them down unt* brass and
wood —
Idols fashioned by their own hand —
Blind In the dust of the highway.
Power and gold and fame denied,
Love laughs glad in the paths aside.
— Louise Driscoll, in August Llppln
cott's Magazine.
All day long on the highway
The King's fleet couriers ride;
You may hear the tread of their horses
sped
Over the country side.
They ride for life and they ride for
death
The Highway.
Colonel Grandprey, once French
military attache in Peking, gives soma
very interesting information regard-
Ing the Chinese army in the Revue de
Paris. He says that few countries
have such excellent material as China
for an army, where the whole popu
lation of 420,000.000 consists, so to
speak, of one people, displaying the
same racial qualities. The Chinese is
long lived and tenacious of life; he
thrives in every climate, in spite of
the heat or cold. He is extremely
thrifty and therefore easily supported.
He has nerves of steel; he can sleep
in any position and in any place, and
can do with a minimum of sleep. Ho
seldom needs a doctor and bears pain
with the greatest stoicism. The Chi
nese is very teachable and what h«
has once been taught he never forgets.
Born Soldiers.
Judge Parker may be said to be a
man free from eccentricities, unless in
tellectual integrity and a sound moral
imagination are to be considered
abnormal in an age of weak demo
goguery. He listens well, patiently
searches for facts, makes up his mind
slowly and aims at general and per
manent rather than particular or tem
porary results. — From "Alton B. Par
ker: A Character Sketch," by James
Creelman, in the American Monthly
Review of Reviews for August.
The Chief Judge of the Court of
Appeals of New York is a man of im
pressive stature and handsome ap
pearance. He is s'x feet tall, weighs
19C pounds and has the proportions
of an athlete, lie was 52 years old on
May 14. He has a large head and the
face of a country-bred gentleman —
strong, fresh colored and unwrinkled.
There is a singular suggestion of
pewer, courage and good nature in
his personality. The eyes are large,
brown and luminous — sincere and di
rt ct. The nose is aquiline, the jaws
large and curved, and the chin round
and massive. The teeth are big and
white, the lower lip heavy and pro
truding and the thick mustache
coarse and tawny. The Judge has a
wide, high forehead. The top head
indicates penetration, energy, benevo
lence, reverence and firmness. The
hair is reddish brown. It is a head
devoid of eccentricity in its lines —
full, even, symmetrical. There Is a
simple unpretending dignity about the
man that fits his massive physique
and easy, upright carriage. He is
sober, sincere, unselfish, decent. Men
in every walk of life turn to him in
stinctively with confidence. There is
neither exaggeration nor self-con
sciousness in his speech or manner. He
does not boast. He has a hearty scorn
for heroics. Firm in spirit, even tem
pered, charitable in his judgments of
others, loyal in friendship, loving work
for its own sake, seeing in law only
the means of justice and order, he
unites the virilities and the sobrieties
in his strong, modest character. He
has, too, a native sense of humor that
will never permit him to become pom
pous.
Parker's Personality.
At a children's party at Buckingham
Palace the other day a little incident
occurred which furnished Queen Alex
andra, who is very fond of children,
with considerable amusement.
One of the small people present, a
3-year-old son of Lady Lurgan's, has
a passion for soldiers and was show
ing his appreciation for the scarlet
coated military bandsmen who v.ere
playing in the garden by picking dai
sies and presenting them to the musi
cians. Presently the Queen chanced to
pass by and graciously asked the small
boy to give her a daisy.
The youngster looked her Majesty
over and compared her quiet gown
with the gay uniforms he admired,
then firmly replied:
"No. Grass for you," and handed
the Queen a tiny handful of grass.
The Queen went off laughing at the
little boy, who was honest enough to
show that he preferred bandsmen in
red coats to royalty. — New York Times.
Lesc Majeste.
Now, truly, the United States by its recent foreign
policy has demonstrated to the worhl, with sufficient
conviction, that it is not an exponent of war; that in the
interests of peace it is willing to go to all lengths com
patible with its national dignity. Of recent years only
has it been that this nation has risen to the place it now
holds in the respectful estimation of the other great
powers. In questions of acute interest Washington is
now heard with as great a deference as that paid to
Berlin, Paris or London. If Mr. Jarquhar would seek
the reason, let it be apparent by the contrast offered be
tween the status held by our nation fully protected and
our nation utterly unprotected. Let him review the for
eign relations of this country, say in the latter eighties
and early nineties.
When the efficient war fleet of the United States
could be numbered on the fingers of one hand and we
had a smaller standing army than Norway and Sweden,
there occurred the Barrundia incident in the harbor of
San Jose de Guatemala, when the right of asylum under
the American flag was violated by a company of gringo
soldiers. In 1891 we were the recipients of an ulti
matum from Italy, and the European nations looked to
see New York blown out of existence by the ships of
King Humbert. In the same year Chile flaunted us with
the Baltimore incident. The Bering Sea disputes con
tinued to offer Great Britain opportunity for persistent
nagging and backbiting. Yet all of that time our re
sources were as inexhaustible as they arc to-day and
our readiness and alertness, which commend themselves
to the notice of Mr. Farquahar, were certainly in active
operation.
It has been the incorporation of this potential energy
into something tangible, into a navy of power, an army
of efficiency, which has brought the respect of the na
tions to our doors.' A nation armed is in a far better
way of leading: the way to international peace than one
unarmed and open to insult from every bristling gov
ernment. The United States as an exponent of inter-,
national arbitration and disarmament in 1890 would
have been the scorn of Europe. To-day, not because
she should not be armed, but for the very fact that
armed she is. this country may lead the thought of the
world toward a rational international peace programme.
IN an article recently contributed by A. B. Farquhar
to the publication of the Massachusetts Commission
for International Justice, disarmament of the nations
as the absolute prerequisite. of international arbitration is
urged upon the notice of the reader. Declaring .that the
United States is best fitted, both by its potential strength
and the aloofness of its position, to assume the lead in
this movement, the writer endeavors to indicate how a
reduction of our own army and navy would have the
salutary effect of good example. .
"Who could better lead," queries the author, "than a
people whose power is recognized as matchless, whose
resources are inexhaustible, whose readiness and alert
ness are an unfailing defense, making them completely
secure against aggression from without so long as union
and concord continue within?" '
"A small army may continue to be needed," admits
the writer, "to preserve the peace in case of local dis
order; a few war vessels may properly find occasional
use in dealing with the less civilized foreign govern
ments; but for these purposes our demands are not
large and should not be exploited as though they were."
ARMS AND ARBITRATION.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE CALL*
5 HENRIETTA STREET, COVENT
GARDEN. LONDON. July 2S.—Al
though, when Rider Haggard wrote to
the Times the other day about his
queer dream concerning a dog and the
dream's surprising sequel, he said that
he rather expected to be ridiculed
about it, little disposition has been
shown to treat the novelist's narrative
lightly, nor to deride his somewhat
startling suggestion that it tends to
prove that animals survive after death
and may then communicate with hu
man beings. Indeed, the account has
been accepted generally as opening up
an interesting field for scientific inves
tifration which may lead to an entire
reversal of the popular view which
denies a future life to dumb animals.
Briefly this is Mr. Haggard's story.
He went to bed at 12:30 one Saturday
right recently and suffered from what
he took to be a nightmare, from which
he was awakened by his wife.
"As I awoke," he says, "the night
mare itself, which had been long and
vivid, faded from my brain. All I could
remember of it was a sense of awful
oppression and of desperate and terri
fied struggling for life such as the act
of drowning would probably Involve.
"But between the time that I heard
my wife's voice and the time that my
rcmsciousness answered to it, or so it
seemed to me, I had another dream.
"I dreamed that a black retriever
d«'g, a most amiable and intelligent
beast named Bob, which was the prop
erty of my eldest daughter, was lying
nn its side among brushwood, or rough
growth of some kind, by water.
"My own personality in some myste
jitrus way seemed to me to be arising
fiom the body of the dog, which I
knew quite surely to be Bob and no
««ther. so much so that my head wa»
against its head, which was lifted up
at an unnatural angle.
"In my vision the dog was trying to
speak to me In words and, failing,
transmitted to my mind in an unde
. fined fashion the knowledge that it
v.as dying! Then everything vanished
and I awoke to hear my wife asking
me why on earth I was making those
horrible noises. I replied that I had
had a nightmare about a fearful
struggle and that I had dreamed that
old Bob nas in a dreadful way and
was trying to talk to me and tell me
about it."
Mr. Haggard told other members of
his family of his dream at breakfast
next morning, but it was not until
that Sunday night he discovered the
.dog was missing. Inquiries were set
on foot Monday morning to ascer
tain what had become of him. The
results Mr. Hagpard sets forth at great
length in the form of signed state
ments by various witnesses. They
F.eem to prove conclusively that the
dog, while on an openwork railway
bridge near the house was run over
by a train, either at 10:23 or shortly
after 11 o'clock on the Saturday night
that the dneam occurred and fell from
the bridge to the brink of the water
where the reeds grow.
"Here," continues Mr. Haggard In
his narrative, "if It were still living
and, although the veterinary thinks
that death was practically instantane
ous. Its life may perhaps have lingered
for a few minutes. It must have suffo
cated and sunk, undergoing, I imagine,
much the same sensations as I did In
my dream and in very similar lur
roundlngs to those that I taw therein—
namely, among a scrubby growth at
the edsre of the water.
"Both' in a judicial and a private
capacity I have been aocustomed all
my life to the investigation of evi
dence and. If wt may pat aside our
familiar friend 'the long arm of coin
cidence," which in this case would
surely be strained to dislocation, I
confess that that available upon this
matter force* me to the f olio win r con
clusions:
"The doc Bob. between whom and
myself there existed a mutual attach
ment, either at the moment of his
death, If his existence can conceivably
have been prolonged till after 1 o'clock
In the morning, or, as it seems more
probable, about three hours after that
event, did succeed in calling my atten
tion to its actual or recent plight by
placing whatever portion of my being
is capable of receiving such Impulses
when enchained by sleep into its own
"terrible position. That subsequently
as that chain of sleep was being broken
by the voice of my wife calling me
back to a normal condition of our
human existence with some last de
spairing effort, while that indefinable
rart of me was being withdrawn from
it <lt will be remembered that in the
dream I seemed to rise from the dog),
it spoke to me, first trying to make use
of my own tongue, and falling therein,
by some subtle means of communica
tion whereof I have no knowledge tell
ing me that it was dying, for I saw no
blood or wounds which would suggest
tttis to my mind.
"I recogrfized further that if its dis
solution took place at the moment when
I dreamed, this communication must,
have been a form of that telepathy
v. hich is now very generally acknowl
edged to occur between human beings
from time to time and under special
circumstances, but which I had never
heard of as occurring between a human
being and one of the lower animals.
"If. on the other hand, that dlssolu-
Special Correspondence.
Rider Haggard's Dream.
The two side shafts are driven by th»
turbines, which consume about 1750
horsepower, and make about 1200 rev
olutions per minute, so that a speed
of twenty-five knots per hour is ob
tained. The arrangement Is considered
to represent the most efficient method
of using the steam turbine on a tor
pedo boat designed for high speed, but
it is thought to be an open question
whether the superiority of the turbina
over the usual machinery in' such ves
sels has been demonstrated. Further
tests of the arrangement are expected
on the trial of a new French torpedo
boat, with engines somewhat similar,
and. by comparison with those where
turbines alone, and reciprocating en
gines, have been used, should show
just what kind of engines are most
useful for this important class of war
vessel.— Harper's Weekly.
An interesting foreigner, poor in everything except
assurance, tried to borrow $100,000 from Reginald Van
derbilt recently and met refusal with "the astounding re
quest for a gift of half the sum he asked in loan. How
fortunate it is for this stranger to our customs that 'he
is not a bank cashier. He would be either a prince of
finance or a jail bird. t
The idea struck the Emperor that If
his royalty was cut off he would de
clare war, which he did in this way:
At the time that General McDow
ell 'was in. command of the division of
California the army headquarters was
on Kearny street, where Emperor
Norton hied himself one morning and,
stationing himself at the entrance, he
patiently waited the arrival of the
general. When the genial command
er was about to enter he received a
sharp command to halt.
Norton had drawn his old crescent
shaped saber and ordered a surrender
there and then. General McDowell
complied and on asking: the terms he
was informed of the rebellious char
acter of the Emperor's subjects and
notified that the strong arm of the
military must be used to enforce obe
dience. The Emperor was invited up
stairs and with a $5 piece a truce -was
declared.
But that was noi the end. For, as
the courteous monarch was about to
depart he spied a pair of gold epau
lets which the general had discarded.
These he demanded and as a matter
of course they were handed to him
by order of McDowell. Displacing
the old faded ones that he had on,
Norton adorned himself with the bet
ter ones, which he wore with pride
until the day of his death. This vic
tory he proclaimed to his subjects
with considerable pride, after which
he duly received his royalty and had
no more trouble with, the government
of Uncle Sam.
It Is not In United States history
that General McDowell surrendered
to a foe. yet it Is bo, and this, too, to
an Emperor. The incident was one
which the general himself loved to tell
when confronted with the story, espe
cially at a banquet where a promiscu
ous gathering of civilians and military
men might be congregated. _'V :
The surrender was to Norton I, Em
peror of all the United States and Pro
tector of Mexico. To the old time
citizens Emperor Norton was one of
the best known men that ever lived In
San Francisco. He was a man of good
education, refined and polite, and for
that matter as courteous as any mon
arch might be. In his earlier career
he was a prominent merchant on
Front street. "Without any known
reason he suddenly became demented
and Imagined himself to be the Em
peror of these United States and pro
tector of the republic of Mexico. La
boring under this hobby he levied a
tax on the downtown merchants,
ranging all the way from 25 cents to
whatever they saw fit to give, but he
never hoarded up any wealth and only
applied when the exigency compelled
him to collect for the bare mainte
nnce of life.
Taking an advantage of his vaga
ries, the merchants conspired to de
cline to contribute to him on his next
visit. This was In the nature of a.
joke to see what he would do when
pinched for money, although every
barroom In the city gave him free
lunches. Yet his spirit was above
"bumming" and money he needed and
must have.
McDowell's Surrender.
"It seems to me," she says, "that a
love like that of a dog — a love tnat is
capable of sacrifice— must have its re
ward in the achievement of an after
life, possibly in reincarnation— who
knows? I feel that all life is intercom
municative — that even the trees and
flowers have a life that is, -after all,
"never destroyed, and has its part, like
ours, in the scheme ol the Creator."
W. T. Stead, the editor of the Review
of Reviews, who is an authority on
ghosts and psychic phenomena, says
that he has never heard of an instance
in which an animal, living or dead, has
been able to communicate telepathic
ally with a human being, and puts
forth this theory to account for Sir.
Haggard's experience:
"It seems more probable," he says,
"that while Mr*. Haggard himself was
asleep his subconsciousness — his other
self, which never sleeps — found itself
where the dog lay dying and was able
to impress its physical consciousness
with a sense of suffocation or drowning
in connection with it."
Mrs. Campbell Praed, whose story,
"Nyria," has created such a stir in the
psychical world, accepts Mr. Haggard's
narrative and deductions without any
reservation. She says that even as a
child when wandering among the gum
trees in the Australian bush she was a
firm believer in an after-life for ani
mals, and all she has learned and ob
served since has only strengthened that
view.
"It does seem to suggest." adds Mr.
Haggard in conclusion, "that there is
more Intimate ghostly connection be
tween all members of the animal world,
including man, than has hitherto been
believed, at any rate by Western peo
ples, that they may be, in short, all of
them different manifestations of some
central informing life, though inhabit
ing the universe in such various forms."
tion happened, as I believe, over three
hours previously — what am I to say?
Then it would seem that it must have
been some non-bodily but surviving
part of the life or spirit of the dog
which, so eoon as my deep sleep gave
it an opportunity, reproduced those
things in my mind, as they had al
ready occurred I presume, to advise me
of the manner of its end or to bid me
farewell.
President Roosevelt's action in the enforcement of
existing law stands in plain' contrast to that of Mr.
Cleveland, whose Attorney General, Mr. Olney, decided
that the same laws which President Roosevelt has en
forced were a dead letter and it was useless to bring suits
rnder them. President Roosevelt did not find any fur
ther legislation necessary, but only "the disposition and
courage to enforce existing law," and he had both and
used them, and for that was covertly accused by the
Democratic members of the. Supreme Court of usurpa
tion!
The speech of Judge Parker adds no new element to
the campaign. It is derived from the minority attacks
made in the House, and as a whole is marked by great
care not to tread upon the toes of the friendly interests
represented by Messrs. Belmont, Lamont and J. J. Hill.
The party misses in it the vigorous statement in which
Mr. Cleveland asserted himself and achieved his leader
ship. Judge Parker leaves upon the country the im
pression that he is some other man's man, while Cleve
land left no room in the focus for any personality but his
own.
As to the Philippines, there is no discernible difference
between Judge Parker and the Republican platform. He
admits that the islands came to us by the accident of
war, that we* cannot at present avoid their administration
and that we must eventually permit to them self-govern
ment. As that is the purpose of the present probation
ary period, there is nothing upon which to hang an
issue.
The speech leaves the country not expectant of what
Judge Parker may further do or say, but curious as to
the subsequent proceedings of the man who runs him.
It would have been more dignified and direct in Judge
Parker had he indulged in a bill of particulars, giving
specific instances of unconstitutional usurpation, and
backing the charge with proof. From this, however, he
carefully refrains, preferring to indulge in very general
ities, and to draw visions of the consequences of consti
tutional disobedience on the part of the President. The
country is familiar with these general charges. The De
mocracy has made them against every Republican Pres
ident, including Lincoln. In his case he was savagely
and persistently attacked for destroying the constitution,
because he was trying to preserve it as the organic law
of an undivided Union. The same style of attack has
befcn adopted against all of his successors. Now, if the
charge be true as against President Roosevelt, the mi
nority of the last Congress should have reported to the
House a resolution for his impeachment.
The constitution provides a way to test the conduct
of a President in respect to his official limitations. Why
was that way not acted upon by the minority? In de
fault of specifications, and, in the absence of the authori
tative test by impeachment, provided by the constitu
tion itself, the country is warranted in assuming that the
accusation is partisan and false, used to impress the
sensibilities and affect the votes of the people, who arc
intelligently sensitive to the maintenance of their or
ganic law and observance^of its wise distribution of the
powers of government. While considering this matter,
it is not forgotten that Democratic leaders made exactly
the same charge against Mr. Cleveland, who was alleged
by his own party to be a usurper and a tyrannical dic
tator.
Impinged upon this part of his speech is Judge Par
ker's rather fervid denunciation of a second term in the
Presidency. It reads like a criticism of Mr. Cleveland,
who was three times a candidate and twice elected, and
who was undoubtedly the choice of a large clement for
a fourth nomination and a third term in the Presidency.
The reader of the speech is impressed with its gingerly
treatment of issues that have been declared by the party
to be burning questions. He puts the tariff foremost as
the cause of trusts and suggests that tariff tinkering is
the proper remedyi He affirms that against their ag
gressions there is a common law remedy of which any
citizen can avail himself. Upon this point he says:
"What is needed in addition to the -passage of a statute
revising the tariff duties to a reasonable basis is not so
much other and different laws as officials having the
disposition and courage to enforce existing laws."
We have to suggest to the Judge that on that point
he inquire of his political friend and supporter, the Hon.
Dan Lamont. vice president of the Northern Pacific and
associate of Hill and Morgan in the formation of the
railroad/trust. Mr. Lamont can inform him that he and
his associates in that gigantic trust complain of too
much disposition and courage on the part of President
Roosevelt in the enforcement of existing law. If he will
read the opinions of the Democratic Justices of the Su
preme Court of the United States, dissenting from the
court in that case, he will find that they strongly insinu
ate that President Roosevelt's course in enforcing ex
isting law was one of his alleged violations of the con
stitution. In like manner, if the Judge will consult Mr.
Eelmont and others of his supporters, he will find that
in their opinion the President was a usurper for order
ing and winning the other six great suits against the
trusts that have been won by the Government during his
administration.
THE committee has notified Judge Parker that he is
a candidate for the Presidency. The information
was conveyed in a speech by Champ Clark, who in
dulged in much unction and in some prophecy. The im
portant part of the ceremony was Judge Parker's speech
in reply. It was carefully prepared and read from man
uscript. Its keynote is the charge that the constitution
is being violated by the Executive. Thi/5 appears in
every part of the speech as the prevailing theme. The
cue for this is taken from the cry of the party in'Con
gress and in its press. _
by a belligerent, no .matter what the character of her
cargo or any part of it. the belligerent assumes at once
the responsibility of full restitution, and this responsibil
ity is not voidable by a subsequent decision that there
was contraband in the cargo, made by a prize court of
the belligerent.
Great Britain has a complete case against Russia for
sinking the Knight Commander, and so has Germany for
the Thca. They may enforce it or not Their failure to
do so will not change the law of the sea for other neu
trals. The nations must finally establish and enforce the
rule that the. high seas are free* and that belligerents
must proclaim and sustain an actual and effective block
ade, and seize only such neutrals as approach the block
aded coast with the obvious purpose of running the
blockade.
JUDGE PARKER IS NOTIFIED.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', FRIDAY, AUGUST. 12, 1904.
THE SAN . FRANCISCO GALL
: '£.' —
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor . > » . . Address Afl Commtmications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office ....'. ~.~> Third and Market Street*. 8L P.
FRIDAY .....AUGUST 12, 1904
8
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESSun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Time and Jleight of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of th«
Superintendent. 1 -
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 23
minutes later than at #"ort Point; the height
of tide is the same at roth places.
FRIDAY. AUGUST 12.
Sun rises ..5:22
Gun sets ..;.. ..;..*... 7:07
Moon sets .......7:51 p. m.
m iTlmel ITlmel Time Tline "~
g l 1 . 1 Ft. (Ft. T Ft. Ft.
S [l. w| |hw l.w n w ,
12 5:44 0.612:36 5.2 5:52 X.8 ..... ....
H W ¦-¦¦¦¦¦ : t W H W • L W
13 0:07 5.6 6:29—0.2 1:15 5.4 6:47 15
14 1:02 8.3 7:14 -0.3 1:55 5.5 7:46 1.4
15 2:00 4.9 8:02 .0.9 2:37 5.5 8:47 13
16 3:07 4.5 8:50 1.6 3:23 5.5 0:52 11
17 4:21 ,4.2 9:43 , ; 2.2 4:1S 5.4 11:02 09
18 5:3S : 3.8 10:40 2.6 5:14 5.3.:. V.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N.. Mer-
The bark Santiago sailed yesterday for Hono
lulu with an assorted cargo, valued at $47,728,
and including the following: 225 bbls flour.
459 ctls wheat. 1000 ctls barley, 10,000 lbs rice
S85S lbs beana. 1216 lbs peas, 75,480 lbs salt.
4571 lbs middlings, 22,631 lbs bran, 7 ctls oata,
C6 ctls corn, 60SS lbs meals, 2800 lbs feed, 1704
bales hay, 33 pkgs paste, 73 ca canned goods,
25 pkgs groceries and provisions, 60 bbls 450 cs
ealmon, 4148 lbs bread, 4S50 lbs lard, C245 gals
wine, 100 casks beer. 10 pkgs liquors, 27 bbls
vinegar 640,292 lbs fertilizer, 5000 lbs shot 4
pkgs le'atner. 27 pkgs powder. 6 colls rope
lt',740 lbs soda, 7S80 gals distillate, 6 drums
gasoline, 3T3 bdl« paper, 100 pes hardwood, 60
cs matches^ 19 pkgs machinery, 60 bxs candles
26 Mis 00 bars iron.^K bdls 22 barg steel, lie
pkgs wagon material,.© pkga dry goods. 11 bdla
bags, 200 boxes soap. .
Exports for Honolulu.
The British, ship Oranasia, on Puget Sound, la
chartered for "wheat, thence to Europe.
Matters of Interest to JIarlners and
Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAX.
The United States Civil Service
Commission announces examinations
at San Francisco, August 31, for
the following: Wireman,. office of the
Secretary of the Treasury, salary $720
per 1 /mum, minimum age limit 20
years; agricultural clerk, either sex,
salary $720 per unnum, age limit 20
years or over. Apply to the United
States Civil Service Commission,
Washington, D. C, or to the secretary
of the Board of Civil Service Ex
aminers, Postofflce, San Francisco, for
forms, which should be filed with the
commission at Washington, D. C.
Applications for civil service exami
nation will be received for the next
thirty days at the office of the United
States Lighthouse Inspector, 404 Safe
Deposit building, for assistant engineer
for San Francisco light vessel No. 70,
at $800 per annum. Applicants must
be licensed engineers and citizens.
Government Positions Vacant.
The Overdue List.
The rates of reinsurance on the two vessels
on the overdue list were quoted yesterday as
follows: Pionler, 85 per cent; Earnmount, 20
per cent.
Liner Sierra Leaves Sydney.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's liner Si
erra left Sydney August S.
The Pacific Mall Company's liner Siberia,
homeward bound, arrived yesterday at Hono
lulu. The Korea Is safe at Hongkong.
Siberia at Honolulu.
The tug Ranger, from Eureka, arrived hero
yesterday for her annual overhauling. She
came down from the Humboldt port in twenty
four hours.
Here for Overhauling.
The steamer Harold Dollar, the latest addi
tion to the Dollar line, waa launched yegter
day at Eureka. She will be towed to this port
to receive her engines.
Xew Steamer launched.
I Shipping men are wondering what the Brit
ish ship Brodlck Castle, which was supplied
wljth provisions by the navy transport Solace,
was doing nearly 1200 miles to the westward
of Honolulu. She was bound from Iqulque for
the Hawaiian port. Insurance men are won
dering why there was only one chronometer on
board, and sailormen declare that even with
out a chronometer the skipper of the windjam
mer should not have strayed 1200 miles oft his
course. According to the cablegram received
from Honolulu, the Brodlck Castle, short of
provisions and with her chronometer broken,
was spoken and relieved by the Solace in 20:38
north, 178:35 west. The officers of the Solace
also told the skipper of the Brodick Castle ex
actly where he was.
Far Ont of Her Course^
The Tolice Commissioners yester
day filed a petition with the Board of
Supervisors to. submit several charter
amendments affecting: the administra
tion of the Police Department to a
vote of the people. The amendments
were in the main suggested by Chief
of Police Wittman and provide that
the age limit of eligible police officers
shall be 25 instead of 21 years as at
present; that policemen be graded In
three classes, the first class to receive
$100 monthly after five years' service,
the second, class $95 after three years*
service and the third class $90 upon
appointment. The third amendment
provides that all promotions from pa
trolman to corporal be made from the
first class. The fourth amendment
provides for an increase in the pay of
lieutenants from $140 to $160. The
fifth amendment provides for the ap
pointment of an inspector of police,
who shall act In the Chief's absence,
at a salary of $3300 per annum. The
sixth amendment provides for an in
spector for every 500 police officers.
The seventh amendment is for the
purpose • of giving the commission
more specific power to reprimand,
tine, suspend, dismiss or disrate any
member of the department for violat
ing rules.
The Federation of Mission Improve
ment Clubs petitioned the Supervisors
to submit a charter amendment rela
tive to the method of putting in side
sewers.-
Desismed to Better Administra
tion of Police Department.
Asks Supervisors to Submit Changes
Launched Aug 11 — Stmr Harold Dol!ar, for
San Francisco.
REDONDO-f-Arrlved Auc 11— Stmr Lakme,
from Pan Petfro.
Sailed Aus 11 — Schr Allen A. for Eureka.
SEATTLE — failed Aug 10. midnight — Stmr
Bertha, for Valdtz. Auk 11, »:lt> a m— Stmr
Umattlla. for San Francisco.
Arrived Agg 10 — Stmr AI Ki, from Skag
way. Auk 11, 11 a m — Stmr Queen, hence
Sail/d Aue 11. 5 d m— Stmr St Paul, for
San Francisco.
Arrived Auk 11 — Schr Lottie Carson, from
Eureka.
DUTCH HARBOR— Arrived July 23— U S
stmr Perry, from Seattle. July 20 — Schr Abbi<- !
F ¦ Morris, from Seattle, for Cape York. July I
24 U S stmr Thetis, from Honolulu; Br schr
Eva Marie, from Victoria. July 2S — Br echr
Oscar and Hattie. from Victorna: Br schr
Theresa, from Victoria; stmr Kvichak. from
Unalaska, and sailed July 2S for Nushagak.
In Dort July 24 — Schr Monterey, from Fair
weather grounds, with four whales.
1 To sail July 27 — Schr Monterey, for whaling
cruise.
POINT REYES — Passed Auc 11, 7 a m —
Stmr Signal, from Coos Bay. for San Pedro.
PORT TOWNSEND — Sailed Aug 11 — Br bark
Adderley. for Sydney. •
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Auc 0— Schr Fal
con, for San Francisoo. . Aue 10 — Schr WU13- .
low, for San Pedro; strar Santa Monica, for
San Francisco.
SANTA BARBARA— Sailed Au«r ll-^Stmr
Coos Bay for San Francisco.
SOUTH' BEND— Sailed Aug 11— Stmr Se
quoia for Ean Francisco.
ASTORIA — Sailed Aug 11— Stmr Oico. for
San Francisco: bktn Fullerton. for .
EVERETT — Sailed Aue 11 — Schr Melrose,
for San Pedro: schr Forest Home, for Saa
Francisco.
MUKILTEO— Failed Aug 11— Stmr Robert
Dollar, for San Pedro.
BANDOX— Arrived Aug 11, 5 p m— Stmr
Elizabeth, hence Aug 8.
I'ORT LOS ANGELES — Sailed Aus 11— Br
ship Carnarvon Bay, for Portland, Ore.
PORT MADISON— Sailed Aug 11— Schr
Prosper, for San Pedro.
8KAGWAY— Sailed Aug 10, 7 p m — Stmr
Jefferscn. for Seattle.
TATOOSH — Passed out. Aug 11 — Schr. Me
teor, from Port Hadlock. for San Pedro; i>fc*n
John Palmer, from Pert Gamble/* fcr San
FORT BRAGG — Sailed Au* 11— Stmr Jaa S
Hlggins. for San Pedro.
Arrived Aug 11— Stmr Brunswick, with
bar*??- Tidal Wave in tow. hence Aus 10.
WESTPORT— Sailed Aug 11 — Stmr West
port, for Santa Barbara. % '
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU — Arrived Aug. 11 — Stmr Siberia,
from Yokohama, for San Francisco. ;
Sailed Aus 11 — Schr Lurline, for San Pedro.
Arrived Aug 9 — Schr Helen?-, hence July 27.
Sailed Aug 0 — U S rtmr Logan, for Manila.
ELEELE — Arrived Auk 0 — Bark W B Flint,
hence July 24.
HILO — Sailed Aug 9 — Stmr Enterprise, for
San Francisco: bark Amy Turner, for San
Francisco.
EASTERN PORT. '
PHILADELPHIA— Cleared Augr 10— Ship
William P Frye, for New York.
FOREIGN PORTS.
NEWCASTLE. N S "W— Sailed Aus 10— Br
ship Clan Graham, for San Francisco.
SYDNEY — Sailed Auk 8 — Stror Sierra, for
San Francisco.
VICTORIA — Arrived Auk 10 — Stmr Queen,
hence Aug 8.
Sailed Aujr 10— Stmr City of Topeka, for
Skagway.
CH EM AINUS— Arrived July 30— Chll bark
Antofagasta, from Antofagasta.
HONGKONG — Arrived Aus 11 — Stmr Korea,
hence July 12. via Honolulu and Yokohama.
BRISBANE— Sailed Aue 10— Br stmr Manu
ka, for Vancouver. B C. ¦¦<':'
¦ HAKODATE— Sailed Auk 11— Bktn James
Tuft, for Honolulu.
.*¦..-, ¦>¦ -
COMMISSION* PETITION'S
FOU CHARTER AMENDMENTS
Shipping Intelligence.
. . ARRIVED. • • • ~
i • • ,.-. • . * Thursday, August 11.
Stmr Whltesboro, Olsen, it hours from
Greenwood. . .. ? . , .
Stmr Centralla, Erlcksoo, 41 hours from
Hueneme.
Stmr F A Kilburn, Thompson, 7 hours from
Port Rodzers.
Stmr San Mateo, Ross. 40 hours from Port
Los Angeles.
Stmr Samoa, Madsen, 16 hours from Caspar;
bound Eolith; called in for passengers.
.Stmr Point Arena, Miller, 12 hours from
Point Arena. ,
Stmr Signal, Bendegard, 46 hours from
Coos Bay.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 40 hours from
San Diego.
Bark Hesper, Svenson, 9 days from Port
Gamble.
• Bktn Chehalis, Simpson, 6 cays from Wll
lapa Harbor.
Schr Esther Buhne, Olnen, 7 days from
Grays Harbor. i
Schr Marion. Tonfer, 6 oays from Grays
Harbor.
Schr Jennie Griffin. Gibson, 3 hours from
Bollnaa.
Schr Jessie Minor. Jorgenson, 6 daysl from
Grays Harbor.
Schr Ida A. Campbell. 4 hours from Point
Jteyes.
" Schr R W BartUtt, Neilson, 12 days from
Port Ludlow.
Schr Soquel, Bennett, 9 days from Port Had
lock.
Tug Ranger, Carlsrui, 24 hours from. Eureka.
CLEARED.
Thursday, August 11.
Stmr Corona, Gielow, Eureka; Pacific Coast
Steamship Company.
Bark Santiago. Anderson, Honolulu; J D
Spreckels & Bros Co.
SAILED.
. . . Thursday, August 11.
Stmr F A Kilburn, Thompson, Port Rodgers.
Stmr Maggie, Corning. Haltmoon Bay.
Stmr Eureka, Jessen. Eureka.
"Stmr Bonlta, Preble. San Pedro.
Stmr State of California, Nicolson, San
Diego.
Stmr Samoa, Madsen. San Pedro.
Stmr Grace Dollar. OUen, Mukilteo.
Stmr Corona. Gielow. Eureka. .
Stmr Centralla, Erlcrson. Grays Harbor.
Stmr Leelanaw, Monroe, Seattle, via Astoria
Stmr Porno. Jacobs, Point Arena and Albion.
Stmr Centennial. Strand. Seattle and Ta
coma.
• Stmr Del ' Norte. Tayne, * Crescent' City.
. Br bark Auldsirth, McConnell, Liverpool.
Bark ' Santiasx), Anderson, Honolulu.
Brig J D Spreckels. Koehler, Sanak, via
Dutch Harbor.
Brig Xairllne. Forest, Grays Harbor. . '
Schr Mary C, Campbell, Bodega.
Schr John. A. Olsen, Eureka.-
Schr Mary Etta. Ertckson. Fish Rock.
. Schr Western Home, Lembke. Coos Bay.
Schr B?ssle K, Stark, San Vlcento Landing.
Schr Conflanza, Johnson, Notleys Landing.
Schr Newark, Relnertsen, Stewarts Point.
SPOKEN.
July 23— Outside Point Spencer," schr Laura
Madsen. hence June 3 for St Lawrence Island;
all well.
Aug 4— Lat 48 N, long 14 W, Fr bark
Eugenie Fautrel. from Hamburg, for Port
land. Ore. /
* TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Aug 11, 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind SW; velocity 8 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
EUREKA— Arrived Aus 11— Stmr Chas Nel
son, hence Aug 9; stmr Rival, hence Aur 9.
Sailed Aug 11— Stmr Phoenix, for Ean Fran
cisco.
Arrived Aug 11— Stmr. Arctic, hence Aug 10
• Sailed Aug 11— Stmr/ North Fork, for San
Francisco; stmr Pomona, for San Francisco.
Public Administrator Hynes yester
riay brought suit in the Justices' Court
.ipa:rj?t the Southern Pacific Company
tfit ?l."0, the value of a trunk and ef
fects belonging to John Inland, who
u&s a passenger on the train running
*rom Truckee to this city. Leland has
Fine died and the complaint alleges
that the company has refused to make
restitution for the loss of the trunk.
Sues for Loss of Trunk.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. | From. Due.
San Pedro San Pedro Aug. 12
Argo Kel' River Ports Aug. 12
Pomona Humboldf ~ ;'. Aug. 12
Columbia Portland £ Astoria..'.'. Aug. 12
North Fork. . Humboldt ...,., Aug. 12
Coos Bay.... San Pedro & Way Pts. Aug. 12
Chlco Portland & Astoria.... Aug. 13
Arcata Copa Bay & Pt. Orford Aug. 13
St. Paul Nome & St. Michael. .: Aug. '13
K.Monica Grays Harbor Aug. 13
Tellus Oyster Harbor Aug. IS
Homer San Pedro Aug. 13
City Tcklng.. New York via Ancon.. Aug. 14
Arctic Humboldt ,. Aug. 14
Elizabeth Coquille River Aug. 14
Eureka Humboldt .Aug. 14
Umatllla. :... Puget Sound Ports Aug. 14
G. Lindauer.. Grays Harbor ;. Aug. 14
SequoU WHIapa Harbor Aug. 14
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. Aug. 15
S. Rarbara... Seattle &. Olympla Aug. 15
Corona % . . Humboldt Aug. 15
Breakwater.. Coos Bay Aug. 15>
Iionita Newport & Way Ports. Aug. 16
Porno Point Arena & Albion.. Aug. 16
Coronado.... Grays Harbor Aug. 16
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. Aug. 19
O, W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria.... Aug. 17
San Jose New York via Ancon.. Aug. 18
Point Arena.. Mendoclno & Pt. Arena Aug. 18
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way Pts. Aug. 18
Siberia China & Japan .... Aug. 10
Queen Puget Sound Ports Aug. 19
Hathnr Hamburg & Way Ports. Aug. 20
Nevadan Honolulu & Kahulul... Aug. 21
Centennial... Seattle & Tacoma Aug. 22
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
Aug-nst 12.
Breakwater. Coos Bay 5 pm Pier 8
Newburg... Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
Ramses Hamburg & Way.. 12 m Pier 19
Rainier Seattle & Bellnghm 4 pm Pier 10
San Pedro. . Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
J. Hlgglns.. Los Angeles Ports. 11 am Pier 2
August 13.
Iaqua Humboldt 6 pm Pier 2
Pt. Arena... Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
Newport..:. N. Y. via Ancon. 12 m Pier 40
City Puebla. Puget Sound. Ports 11 am Pier 0
Aurelia Astoria & Portland 6 pm Pier 27
S. Monica... L»s Angelee Ports. 4 pm Pier 2
Argo Eel River Ports... 4 pm Pier 2
August 14. •
Pomona.... Humboldt l:30pPier »
S. Rosa:..,: San Diego & Way. 8 am Pier 11
August 15.
S. Barbara.. Los 'Angeles Ports. 4 pm Pier 2
North Fork. Humboldt 5 pm Pier 20
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Arcata Qoos B. & Pt. Orfd 12 'm Pier 13
Cooa Bay... San Pedro & Way. 0 am Pier 11
August 16.
Elizabeth... Coquille River 5 pinlPier 20
Eureka Humboldt 9 am I Pier 13
Auamst 17. j
Arctic...... Humboldt 0 am Pier 2
Corona..... Humboldt <l:30 p Pier V 9
Alliance.'... Eureka & Coos B. 5 pm Pier 16
August 18.
Sequoia Wlllapa Harbor ... 4 pm Pier 20
Ventura Sydney & Way ... 2 pm Pier 7
Doric China & Japan 1 pm Pier 40
Umatllla... Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 0
St. Paul.... Nome & St.MLchael 2 pen Pier ¦+¦
G. Lindauer Grays Harbor pier —
Pbmo Pt: Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier 2
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 0 amiPier 11
August 1$. '
-Coronado... Grays Harbor 4 pm'|Pler 10
Bonlta Newport & Way... o amjPler 11
August 20. |
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 ara|PIer 24
City Peking. N. Y. via Ancon. 12 mlPler 40'
August 23. II
Manchuria.. China & Japan | 1 pm|Pier 40
FROM SEATTLE. '
Steamer. Destination. Sails.
Dolphin ...... Skagway & Way Ports. Aug. 12
Santa Clara.. Valdez & Sewafd Aug 12
City Seattle. . Skagway & Way PorU. Aug.' 13
Valencia Skagway & Way Ports. Aug. 15
Jefferson Skagway & Way Ports. Aug. 15
j Garonne Nome direct .......... Aug. 15
Humboldt... Skagway & Way Ports. Aug. IS
Dlrigo Skaxway & Way Ports. Aug. 15
Santa Ana... Seldovia & Way Porte. Aug. 16
The Spring Valley "Water Company
3 r esterday filed an answer to the suit
be.gun..lAs£ March by Emma, XT. Mer
ritt, as executrix of the estate of
Adolph Sutro. to prevent the company
from running flumes from Lake Honda
over lands belonging to the Sutro
estate, between the coursing park and j
Corbett avenue. After alleging that
the water company had begun the
construction of a flume over the prop
erty without right, Mrs. Merritt al
leged that the Sutro estate had been
damaged In the sum of $3000.
The Spring Valley Company answers
that its right of way was granted over
the lands by F. L. A. Pioche, Lev! Par
eons and 'John B. Felton In 1861 be
fore the property was transferred by
them to Sutro. It says, too, that the j
flumes have been maintained by the
company along the line in question for '
thirty years and the construction com
plained of was merely in the way of i
rebuilding the waterway. After such !
a long possession it Is pleaded that the
action is barred by statute of limita
tions, and furthermore it is asserted
that the flume is a public utility in
that a third of the inhabitants of San
Francisco receive their water supply
from the Lake Honda reservoir.
Sprins Valley Company Defends I
Course of Lake Honda Flume. |
RIGHT OF WAY IX 1861
Movements of Steamers.
The whaling schooner Monterey,
smallest of the blubber-hunters, is
meeting with success in the northern
waters, and if Captain Foley harpoons
not another whale between now and
the end of the cruise, he still will be
a goodly pile of dollars ahead of his
venture.
Word was received yesterday ' from
Dutch Harbor that the Monterey waa
there and that she had taken four big
whales. The Monterey r eached the
Alaska port July 24 and .three days
later Was to leave for a hunt in the
Arctic before bringing her bone and
blubber to market.
The Monterey was the first of the
whalers to use a gasoline engine as
auxiliary motive power. Whalemen
shook their heads and declared that
Captain Foley was making a sad mis
take. The "choo-chooing" of a gaso
line engine's exhaust, they declared,
would stampede the most conservative
whale that ever chewed up a boat or
assimilated the # bombs, harpoons and
other deadly weapons and hardware
with which whalemen sometimes fail
to kill their monster quarry.
If the Monterey's exhaust did make
a noise, Captain Foley did not follow
its example. He said nothing, but went
ahead installing the engine. The ma
chinery behaved badly on last year'3
cruise, which was the first cruise of
the gasoline engine. In spite of break
downs, however, Foley satisfied him
self that there was nothing the matter
with his idea, and before starting 'on
his present voyage he equipped the
Monterey with a new engine.
The little schooner Abbie F. Morris,
from Seattle, for whose safety some
anxiety was felt, arrived at Dutch Har
bor July 26. The revenue cutters Thetis
and Perry were also there on July 24.
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Terry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day—
I. e., «t noon of the 120th meridian, or at
8. p. m. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant, U.- S. N.. In charge.
chantB* Exchange. San Francisco, Cal.,
August 11. 10O1.
THE BRITISH SHIP BROPICK CASTLE, WHICH WAS SPOKEN 1200 MfLES EAST OF HONOLULU LOST SHORT OF PRO
VISIONS AND WITH HER CHRONOMETER Ol'T OF COMMISSION. BY THE NAVY TRANSPORT SOLACE FROM
WHOSE STORES THE SAILING VESSEL'S NEEDS WERE SATISFIED.
Every form of amusement was
crowded into the day from racing to
dancing. Hundreds of valuable gate
prizes were offered. Announcement
of the winners will be made later. No
body felt lonesome. Hospitality was
in the air and the glad mitt was
reached out to .everybody. Following
are the committees that made the af
fair such a success:
. Reception committee — T. H. Corcoran (chair
man). E. Blood. William Cluft. P. A. Buck
ley. E. McCoy, John W. King, G. P. Lauinifer,
T. J. Parsons, Diedrich Dangers, George
Wheaton, Charlea Brandenstein. llr. Martin.
Floor committee — J. M. Sullivan, floor mana
ger. Assistant floor mar.affers — Charles Sui3.
N. Marisch Kd Fitzpatrlck, "W. Borlini. F.
Grtrflng. W. M. Hooper. A. W. Kennle. Ed
Broderick, William Owens, J. V. O'Connor,
H, T. Frahm. R. Dolan.
Shooting gallery — George B. Doyle (chair
man), Fred ¦ Cosjrrovf. George A. Golder, J.
W. On>rman, Fred W. Meyer.
Members' and clerks' drawing — D. F. Ke«»fe
(chairman). Emmett Ilunn, P. J. Kennedy,
Harry Mahonev Ben Fredericks.
Bowling alley — H. M»ihmann (chairman),
H. Rawe. D. Krinche. G. Wllkins, G. Earteis.
H. Fuelacher, O. Holzlander.
Wheel of fortune — K. l.ackmann
F. B. Connolly, J. M. Sullivan. B. A. SchmMt,
Eugene McCoy. Ed Fltipatrick, Pete Langi-,
Ed Stadtmueller.
Games — J. P. McGuire (chairman). J. T.
Hurley, William Offerman, O. H. Howard.
T. P. O'Dowd, P. A. Buckley. Waller Hewitt,
G. Bartels. J. D. Ward.
Ladles" guessing contest — William Rinq
(chairman). Frank Snell. J. W. King. H. Wro
den, J. H. Kelley, W. E. Harvey. J. C.
Owens, J. Berendsen. H. B. Dibble.
¦ Reception committee — T. H. Corcoran (chair
man), H. Methmann. J. P. JtcGolr*.
Prizes — f. B. Connolly (chairman), H. Wre
den E. Lackmann.
Press — J. Salomon (chairman), J. P. Mc-
Guire, William Ring.
The thirty-third annual picnic of
the retail grocers at Schuetzen Park
Wednesday was the best attended out
ing ever given by that organization.
From 10 o'clock till 7 the grounds
were packed with assorted sizes of hu
manity from the grandfather to the
latest arrivals. So thickly crowded
was the place that children were lost
and found every five minutes. The
platform in the pavilion alwajs had a
bunch of lost babies waiting to be
claimed. «
THOUSANDS ENJOY PICNIC
OF THE KETAIL. GROCERS
Jlirschman admitted the obligation,
hut said it was given to him in the
form of chips during the progress of
a series of poker games, at which he
and Schmitt were interested player.".
Hirschman besides pleading the stat
ute of limitations also claimed that
Schmitt could not recover because the
loan was in reality a gambling debt
• ar.d as such was -not countenanced by
law.
Judjzre Daniells took the matter un
per advisement.^ -
Justice of the Peace Daniells was
TeFterday Introduced to the intricate
workings of a poker frame in his trial
of the suit of Milton Schmitt against
Marion Hirpchman, son of a Market
street jeweler, for the recovery of 5150
alleged to have been lent to the de
'fendar.t. Schmitt testified that during
The summer of 1S00, at various times
.he handed Hirschman J130 at the
Concordia Club and that the loan had
jiever been repaid.
Jndgf* DanlelLs Hears Kvidenre Rel
ative to Money Lent Durinc
a Poker Game.
AIiLE«FD GAMBLING DEIVT
SUBJECT OF A LAWSUIT
Leaves of absence were granted to
Alecia Campbell and Katherine Paxton.
The week beginning Monday. October
3, was designated as the mid-fall term
vacation.
James A. McGuffin and Clara Wester
man were dropped from the roll of
teachers because they failed to report
for duty July 25.
Mis3 May Wilson was assigned from
the substitute list to the Fairmount
Grammar School.
Miss Elsie Bowman was transferred
from the Girls' High School to the Mis
sion High. E. C. GifTarcl from the Mis
sion High to the Polytechnic High, Miss
Julia Miles from the Franklin to the
Emerson and Mrs. E. L. McDonald
from the Irving to the Sunnyside
School. •
The Board of Education yesterday
took the Board of Supervisors to task
for having neglected to make provision
for lighting, the public schools, an
omission which resulted, says President
Roncovieri, in the charges therefor be
ing increased during the present fiscal
year. Director Boyle stated that he
had withheld payment of two bills of
the San Francisco Gas Company be
cause the Drice had been raised from
2.9 cents to 7 cents for arc lights and
from 43 cents to $1 per 1000 feet for gas.
The board also held up the bills of
certain lumber dealers who charged for
cartage of lumber furnished, whereas
the specifications provide that cartage
shall be included in the bid. .
Resolutions appointing Pedro Espina
supervisor of penmanship and Miss L-
E. Freese assistant supervisor of pen
manship were postponed for one week
to give Superintendent Langdon an op
portunity to be consulted on the mat
ter.
California enthusiasm and hos
pitality will mark the tour through
•the and San Joaquin val
'l^ys of the board of engineers re- j
tained to grapple with the problem of
t*he floods that yearly inundate- these I
districts. In order that the cities and
• towns at which the board will stop on
.its tour may have time to prepare re
ceptions and gather facts and figures
tt> present to the board, the start from
. this city has been delayed until next
Monday evening and the following
corrected itinerary agreed upon:
Tuesday. August 1C— Leave t^arramento. foot
of N street. Sacramento Transportation Com-
I ?^r.y"s steamer C a. m.; arrive Colusa, even
•jr S .
• * WpdtHtday. Aucust 17— I^ave Colusa, tim*
•UJ be announovl; arrive Cliico lanflinp. even
ir.jr. Conveyances will be oa hand to take the
• party to oiuco.
Thursday. August IS — Leave Chico. Southern
Pacific train, 7:!T7 a, m. ; arrive Mary^ville.
f a. m. Drive from Marysvllle to IVRuerre
IV-.r.t. Rftcrn to Marysvllle in the evening.
Kriiay. August !'•* — Leave MarysvHle. by
• « "ijvf yariCfF. S a. m. : arrive Mareuse. 12 m. :
leave MatvuF*. Southern Pacific train. 2:40
r>. m. : arrive Rarramento. Southern Paciflo
train. 5 rs p. m
Saturday. Aupust 20 — Leave Sacramento, by
• ?teartier. touching Uio Vista and river points.
*<• a. m. : arrive Antioch, by steamer. eveninR.
Sunday, August 21 — Leave Antioch, by
tt'snifr. S «- m.; arrive Stockton, evening.
Owing to the fact thru Major Dab
r><-y of the board of engineers whs in
riisposed. no meeting of the commis
sion was held yesterday morning.
William H. Hall, who is interested in
property in the Sacramento Valley, ap
.7>*\ired to make a statement. He was
r^QUfsted to return this morning, when
he will be heard.
Herman Schussler, ch!?f engineer of
the Spring Valley Wtter Works, again i
occupied the stand yesterday in the !
proceedings brought against the city to '
have the water rate fixed by the Super- |
visors set aside. The hearing promises I
to occupy a great length of time, as ex- j
perts will testify on both Fides. Com- j
missioner Heacock is merely taking the j
testimony, and no time is wasted in)
arguments over disputed points of law.
Schussler's testimony yesterday was i
a continuation of that of Tuesday, con- i
sisting chiefly of a description of the
water works, their capacity and the
presentation of maps showing the av
erage rainfall during the last fifteen j
years, the amount caught in the reser- |
voirs and the wastage by overflows and
evaporation. Attorney Partridge for
the city objected to the introduction of
this map, also to a great deal of Schuss
ler's testimony.
Upon questioning by Attorney Kel
logg for the company the witness gave
his opinion regarding the establishment j
of a water system to be supplied by j
the rivers and mountain streams, such j
as has been suggested for a municipal ,
plant. "Owing to the vagaries of the j
climate," he said, "it makes ho differ
ence who supplies the water to the city
or from what source it is drawn; a
largre storage reservoir is an absolute
necessity. The rivers all have their
hiph and low seasons, the low season
usually being about the end of sum- j
mer. For this reason the natural flow j
of the rivers cannot be relied upon. |
The Sierra Xevadas have few lakes or j
natural reservoirs, and the slope is so j
great that unless artificial catch-basins
are provided the water rapidly runs off
and is lost."
The witness then referred to the plans
for increasing the resources of the
Spring Valley Company, among these
being the enlargement of the Alameda
Creek system. If these plans are car
ried out, he said, the resources on the I
peninsula, plus the Alameda Creek sys- '
tern, will yield 110,000,000 gallons a day, j
which, according to careful calcula- ,
tlons, will be sufficient to supply the j
wants of the city fifty years hence. ]
Very little water has been wasted by !
the company in the last fifteen years, j
During one very rainy season there was ;
a big loss owing to an overflow of the i
then uncompleted Crystal Springs dam. j
No water has been lost from the Pilar
citas Creek system except by evapora
tion.
The hearing will be continued to-day.
Spring Valley Is Planning
to Cope With Conditions
on Fifty -Year Estimate
Party A\ ill Leave Sacra
mento Next Tuesday to
View Inundated District
Action on Naming of Super
visors of Penmanship Is
Postponed for One Week
mNERABY ARRANGED
APPOINTMENTS HELD UP
EAIXFALL IS ERRATIC
Board of Education Blames
Them for Increase in the
Cost of Liffhtino: Schools
Citizens of Interior Given
. Time in Which to Prepare
; for the Board's Coming
Schussler Says City Cannot
Be Supplied With. Water
by Natural Flow of Eivers
With the Arctic Ocean Still Before Her the Gasoline
'Engined Blubber-Hunter Has Four Mammals to Her
Credit Which Insures a Good Profit for the Cruise
SUPERVISORS
TAKEN TO TASK
LARGE STORAGE
BASIN NEEDED
LITTLE SCHOONER MONTEREY MEETS
WITH GOOD LUCK ON WHALING TRIP
WILL RECEIVE
THE ENGINEERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 12, 1904.
9
$500— $500
Worth of the
FRESHEST AND BEST
COFFEE
DISTRIBUTED FREE BY THE
CAUj
TO ITS WANT AD PATRONS.
A pound can of
J. A. FOLGER'S GOLDEN
GATE COFFEE
WILL B^. GIVEN FREE
TO EVERY WANT
ADVERTISER
IX NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
Only one. can of this high
class coffee will be given to a
want advertiser, arid none but
those presenting a bona fide
want ad to the business office of
this pal rion Thursday, Friday
and Saturday for Insertion la
THE /ANT COLUMNS
. , OF NEX: SUNDAYS CALL
Will bo entitled to receive this
premium.
gee announcement, classified
pages.
Ye Okie KiiRlLsh Inn,
144 Mason st. Best things to eat and
drink at Julea*. •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Speaking of Quality 1
f3iP\ Just Open a
•g p'i^lj Bottlo of
l : - |y|i .tSLA 9 JL
B pll SjLlR
k SJJlL "MILWAUKEE
>Kjiii -".liiyihk. There's wter« the
/fejJpiprilpilX quality »rju mem
t - Hii ' '^SsSa com" Jn— lf« In rvery
lift Sli &£ th°. r T&^a!
"*S?3i" -saliS beL Order "B'.aU" for
S :: : : i§2fJl^:j v 3# w !58* the sake o£ your
P^r^^S^Vt-ffils^ health— and th» health
fflW&/ YpHsali of y° ur famlI y- Every
fj|sg^AV|||j|I bottle •tertllaed.
I|wiene1I B ' a^ z Malt -Yivina
y^i^ffirTi f«SjJ (Non-Intox.) Tonic
=2§C^Tse VII RIIT7 RHFW Pll
m> DLI " t Dntn * UUl
a^==- j=S-> MILWAUKEE
fkrfSs! . J-^sil SAM BISO ft CO,
fegS^ wholesale Detler»,
212 Battery St.,
Tel. Mais 5859. San Praadsco.
/
i '
Colds
La Grippe
Catarrh
Positively cured with Dr. Ha!-
pruner's Wonderful Medicine*
or your money returned. Price,
50c. and $1.00 per bottle. For
sale by all dealers and at office
of Halpruner Medical Mfg. Co.,
28 California St., S. F., sent by
mail or express. People cured
free of charge from 1 to 4 p. m.
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OF TH3
WEST.
Orer 24 Poat »t.. Saa Franclucr* CaJ.
Eetab. 40 years. Open entire year.day & night.
' 'Write for circulars (fre«).
V0NMEYER1NCK gf
EAN FRANCISCO. Establithed 1393.
Pre-eminently the largest and b«st
equipped «chodl on the Pacific Coast — offer-
tr.e a!l the advantages of Eastern and
European conservatories for a thorough
musical education. Prospectus upon ap-
pflcatlon. Visitors to the World's Fair, St
Lculs, are Invited to examine the exhibit
of the school. Educational Bulldlnr. Cali-
fornia School KTthlbit.
THE l-YCEU/Vl.
An accredited preparatory school for tbe oal-
Tersity, law and medical college*. U well
known for Its careful and thorough work. Cora«
and be with us: we prepar* you well; refer-.
ences. President Jordan or any Stanford Drt>»
fessor. Phelan Building 1 .
' L.. H. GRIP. Ph. D.. Principal.
BUSINESS COLLEGE
I \^i VJ 3&.V Bookkeeping. Typing.
rial <f Irflkl Shorthand. Penmanship.
ty i \ DCvk Individual Instruction.
-jt 5W ' __tk!Zm Combined Course. $5 »
i t i n *n r» l i^bsi month: day and eve.
Kancroft BIdg.. T23 Market St.
HAMLIN SCHOOL
aito vazt xrass stsminasy.
1S40 Jackson st.. & F. Boarding and day
¦chcol for girls. Accredited by the leading
colleges and universities^ Special attention
given to music. Reopens TUESDAY. August
0. 1S04. SARAH P. HAMLIX. Principal.
I-s the most practical :
L5^''.!l;iry-';'7^v*t] recommended hy ex-
Lv&£&r?~$tHj3 P pr t court reportera.
t* y •-•;,'''• T^!r^^2 j. \* '. Send for Catalogue,
"*'- * P 1382 Market St.. S. F.
BELM0NT SCHOOL
FOR BOYS. HF.LMOXT, CAL.- Opens for ne-W
pupils Aug. 15. For fonr.er pupils Ana;. 17.
W. T. REID. A. M.. Harvard. Head Master.
St. Mary's College,
OAKLAND. CATt.
Studies will be resumed MONDAY, Aurast L.'
1004. ERO. ZEXOXIAN. President.
U/CCTCQU Thoroujrh business course. Er.?«
HL0ILIU1 js sn- bookkeeptrs. shorthand, ar-
PlifllirPP Ithmetlc. cJgebra, etc.. Civil Ser-«
tUolHtOO Tlc *- Individual Instruction. Po-*
flticns (or graduates, ti mo. idayi
r DM FRF *3°- Eve; School. « rao.. «2i.
LULLCOC 1107 Market st.. cor. Seventh.
• r~ • -An cnrollraent oC
flCCrllO rr\IOv ««> «t«dents tell*
*J/% . V tha story of ant
/^.Vl I r\C C^. success;nev» build-
QrJy-V?i -^V^ ta«. new «de*».
#OI I C CV C J wholesome collesa
VX^ -—*•*' UX«: Catalo*u*i
623 Golden Gat« ave.. 8. T.
ANDERSON ACADEMY,
IRVIXGTOX, California.
First term of 1003-04 begins on Aiffust 10.
WILLIAM WALKER ANDERSON. Principal.
Hitchccck Military Academy
8AN KAFAEU CAL. I
WILL REOPEN oa August 18.
Applr to the PrtaclpaL
IRVING INSTITUTE.
Boarding and day school tor young ladles aa<3
little firla. l'12tJ California street. Will r«op«a
August 1 1904. Accredited to the universities.
REV. EDWARD U. CHURCH. A. M. PrtadpaJ.
Mount Tamalpass Military Academy
EAN RAFAEL, CAL.
Junior school separate. Fall term begins Am.
J". ARTHUR CROSBY. P.P.. Head Mastw.
COLLEGE OP NOTSE DAME.
SAK JOBt CAL. Excliuively for board!a«
students. Filty-thlnl year. Courses: ClaaaicaJ.
Literary. Sclentiflc, Conservatory. CoUej*
preparatory accredited. Intermedlat* and Prt«
rnary Clasaea. Studies rasumed Tuesday. Aos>
ust 2. ltto-i.
PALO ALTO ACADE3TX", one mlla from
Stanfrrd University — Boys and youns mea
prepared for Stanford. Berkeley or EasUnx
colleges. Exceptional Advantages la Modera
Languages and Higher Mathematics. Fall Una
becin» August 22. For catalogue addx«M
MATN-ABD SHIPT.KT. Pml« Alto JaL
WeeMy Gall $1.00 bbt Year
-^ AD VERTI SEMENTS.
HI Bi^andi m
H Evaporated m
P| Cream If
Ie|9 ahrays bears the above caps
P§a label. It means the same Jill
fig! as telling ycu that we Egi
Pa back up its purity with a £gs
t?H 55,000 guarantee. Wjjk
• 1 §1 M a^ e ty e largest pro- Bh . •
' Jh < * ucers °f Evaporated §gg\
/f "j Cream in the world. >jg|!^
a visit DR. JORDAN'S great d
{MUSEUM OF AaflTQBYt
A Cp ISO &12TX7 ST. UX 6:i *:th , t.T.Csl 6
O Wjj n'orid. U e.cruci «r u:j contracted A
ga jS} c le * ve l>«»<««'»''r c«re«5ry the oldeit X
© |;j;c| ipecnUu oa th« Cent E>L 36 j-t»ri. O
A &&$* h M. JCFDAN-DISEASES CF MEN Q
\ W CtVroSI ConuitUMS (re* *r.d strictly prirttc ~
ff Z Xit/ 'I TrniBtrt tfno«: j or ty Inter. A A
\ fl a Till *¦"*'•• cw »a».«»eryea3* undertaken. \
A Pit (l(P Write for Bo«k. PHILOSOPHY »f A
V • (I !} » BinnucE, MAtuo rut. (av
A U IX »» l '-« ij -« book for nra) \
V CS. JUBDISi A CO.. 1CS1 iUrbPt St.. 8. F. V
""DR.PIERCES
GOtDEN
MEDICAL _,
FOR THE
' ' rfLQOP.LlVER.LLlNGS.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KKAUSV ST. Established
In I«4 (or the treatment of rrirata
tkiw«se«. Lout Uaobood. Debility or
duvaft* trmrimron body&nd mind and
Skin Diseases. Tbel>octorcar*« when
others fill. Try nim. Cbarjre* 4ow.
<u rr« cu»r»nl«-<-d. Call or writ*.
1Mb J. r» CIBBOV, Ban rnndsco. CatTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 12, 1904.
10
I CARPET B E A TX2ff O_ AjJP CTT^E-A jxjuxQ^
' COMPRESSED A'.r and Vacuum* i»rocts3. uni-
versally used for cleaning carpets on floor
without remr.val; carcets ani russ are a!*>
cleaned by compressed air at shop: prices
moderate S. F Compressed Air Cleanirj^ Co..
SCS M;irk'?t: phonrn Main 15? and Cush t7^.
WHEN you becom? di?sustecl with your work
send for SPAULDINGS Pioneer Carpet-beat -
ins work*. 333-337 Tehama st. Tel. Socth 40.
MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth st.— Flrst-clati
carpet cleaning 3c yard Tfl. Missicm 74.
WESTERN Carpet Cleanins Work*. 1S09 Hir-
riscn St.; Al cleaning: -*5c. Tel. Mission 223.
j CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-Beating WorX*.
33"} Cold?n Gate ave. Telephone East 128.
HOPKE BROS.: excellent carpet beating; mat-
tresses made over. 14M2 Howard :tel. South 218.
ADVANCE Oirpet Cleaninsr Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 0IV4. GSO. WALCOM .fc CO.. Props.
RUDOI-PH & CO.. carpet-beating work3; pric-s
reasonnbie. 170.T Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 203.
ZJJL'K'i'ISTS.
A~XEW plate — The "Wl.aiebr.ne — Cannrt breafc;
warranted 20 yrs.: crown, $."> 50: fillings. 50c:
plates. $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 144."? Ma rket.nr. Eleventh
Xo charge for extracting when plates ars
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $3 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
DR KNOX. dentist, now located at the Grant
building, 1093 Market St., rcom 203; all ftnt-
clasa dentistry at low prices. .
DR. r7~lT WALSH haa moved from 947 Geary
st. to 680 Geary.
GOL*D fllllngsT 75c: silver, 35c: crowns. $2; *•
pain; open Sundays. Dr.A.C.Hewltt,204 Snttw
PARI3 Dental" Parlors, 203 Kearny. cor. Bush—
Set teeth. $1 50 up; crowng.$2 up; fllHngs.230.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dent!st.r.l4.1st
floor. Phelan bid.. 806 Market, cor. Q-Farrgll.
ALL work guaranteed by the New York den-
tists. Dr. Perkins, Mgr., 960 Mlssion.cor. 6ta.
MrSSMAB^BS AITO SEAMSTOESKES.
McDOWELL Dressmaking * Millinery School-
Patterns cut to measure; eve. clas»;101D Mkt.
Accordion, sunburst and knife-plaiting. Strw-
art's button & buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor.
¦
EDTJCATIONAI-.
A BIGGER school than ever. On Jun« 1 w«
moved to new fireproof building. 738 Mission
St., between Third and Fourth; more space;
finer rooms; better light; finest In the West;
coma and see. S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
E. R. ATRES. founder and manager Ayre«
Business College for 14 years, haa returned to
take active management. Combined course,
$5 a. month; life scholarship. $30: Day *nd
evening. Bancroft bldg.. 723 Market st.
HOW to sell Ufa Insurance successfully taught
In free class work; a profession to maksi
money at: also private lessons evenings;
write for interview; positions secured. Box
3973. Call offlce.
A^Tno LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for university, law and medical col-
leges; refs. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor; day, evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
A — THE Paul Gerson School of Acting »lve«
mere performances* and secures more engage-
ments for students than all other Western
schools; special summer course. 414 Mason.
A— CHICAGO BUSINESS COLL.EGE.14C5 Mar-
ket, guarantees positions to graduates: Pit-
man shorthand, typing, bookkeeping: $3 mo.
FRENCH and German private lessons by ft
European graduate. Address DENEKAMP.
Phil. P.. California Hotel.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. mln.. mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide: day, ev. ; est. 1S64 Van)
der Xalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
CLASSES In short story writing and Jonrnallarn
meet on Mon., Wed. and Thurs., 2 p. m.. 333
Phelan bldg. ; term3 very reasonable.
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Col., 602 Van Ness
ave. ; positions secured. R. H. Webster, Pres.
SHORTHAND tanght thor'ly by mall and per-
sonally. Miss M. G. Barrett. 302 Montg'my.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PAKTINGTOXS, 424 Pine st.— Night class.
ISAAC Pitman Business College. 343 Haight;
Individual Jnstrue.; all branches; day. eve.
WESTERN Business College. 1IO7 Mkt.. cntn-
plete course, 6 mo. $30, eve. $4 mo. : private.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 025 Golden
Gate ave., S. F. ; 73-page catalog on request.
35MPLOTMZST OFTICES.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment offlcs
supplies best help promptly; city or country.
S. IMURA, 839 Sacramento. Tel. Jamea 5281.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Offlce — Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell St.; tel Main 5752.
WE furnish bookkeepers, clerks, stenographers.
general help. "NATIONAL." 5C3 Hearst bid.
JAPANESE-Chinese Emp. Offlce. 415 Stockton;
best help. Fritz Tamagakl.mgr. ;tel. Bush 833.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce: all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main SIS'*.
CHINESE and Japanese- help; estah. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. &40 Clay.
EMPIiOTMENT WANTED— -PEMAXB.
EXPERIENCED nurse with mental and ner-
vous cases; highest references. Address MISS
WALKER. "S5 Geary st.
HOUSEWORK ilrl wishes & position; wages
$25 to $30. Apply 2636% Sutter st.
A WOMAN would like a few hours' work in a
rooming-house. Call at 14 Weunore placx
A YOUNG lady would like to train as nura«
in some hospital or sanitarium; ha* bad
some experience; good reference. Box 3037.
Call offlce.
DRESSMAKER and tailoress; good fitter, ent-
ter and designer; will go out by the day; $X
1422 Post st.. near Octavla.
YOUNG woman wishes a situation to d»
chamber work la a rooming house or t» as~
s 1st. Box 3074, Call offlce.
MAN and wife (German) want positions; nua
gocd horseman and gardener, wire rood cook.
Box 3923. Call office.
SCOTCH girl wishes position as second girl o»
waitress. Address 463 Duboco ave., near
FiUmore st.
, COMPETENT woman want* laundry work fo»
Wednesday and Friday: $1 60 per day. Ad-
dress MRS. MOONS, 33S4 Twentieth St.
YOUNG German woman with child 4 years eli
would like chamber work in hotel or lodging
house. Address box 2902. Call offlce.
AMERICAN woman wlshea position as house-
keeper or to cook for small camp. Call or
address 9O5 Folsonv-st. ______
WANTED— By refined young lady a position
as second girl. Box 3917. Call offlce.
GOOD dresaci lakin* and repairing: $1 30 per
day; will call. Box 3956. Call offlce.
GIRL.for general^offlce work: references; ex-
. perlffnce. Box 3f»21. Call otflce.
LAUNDRESS wishes family washing to taka
home; reasonable. 2923. California at.
SITUATION as nursegirl. Box 3034. CalL
SITUATION as nurse. Box 3033. Call offlce.
STENOGRAPHER wants half-day position.
Box 3052, Call offlce. '
WANTED— A position as lady's maid in city.
567 Bryant at. -*» .¦
A WOMAN wishes situation, housework. Ap-
ply 432 Minna st. ¦
WOMAN wants work of any kind by the day;
$1 50 and car fare; no postals. 2*3 Teham*.
VIENNA cook wishes position. Address lit
Fourth st.
RELIABLE refined woman wishes Dosltlon a*
housekeeper. Box 3064. Call office.-
A YOUNG rlrl wUhe» Bcsiticn; care for chil-
dren. Address box 3063, Call offlce.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscription!! received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church at a.
EMPLOYMENT W4STE3 — MAUS.
STEADY, sober man, age A'2. desires position
around gentleman's place; tan assist in
housa; city or country. Box 4<*>1, Call.
TOUNG man wishes ocmethrn? to do before
and after school In exchange for room and
board. Box 1574. 10O» Market at.
BOY 13 years old wanU to learn watchmak-
er's trade. Bos 4101. Call.
RELIABLE. J«ober German desires pcsltion:
all-around kitchen general work; h.ir.Jy.
useful, obliging; vicinity city or country.
Box 2003. Call ..fflce.
Al KI.EVATOK, operator, 3 years' experience..
warts situation In of tire building: or hotel;
will start for $li> or *l£_a wjtk; speaks
English ami C<rman. Andres* box ay»>i. Call.
WANTED — Position In city by experienced
bartender; middle-ased German: city and
country references. Box UUC7. Call otflce.
AN experienced assayer wants position. Box
3815. Call Qfflcs.
LODGING-HOUSES ZOB SAIiE — Con.
V MITCHELL & CO..
1206 Market st. Phone Jessie 2931.
Rooming-houses, hotels and flats; will sell
any house; part cash; balance easy payments.
45-r. transient: lease; rent $205: clears $175.
v 11 r.; rent $55; downtown; for $450.
44 r.; rent $240; modern apartments; Al. .
105-r. apartment: rent $5 room: full.-
{ MITCHELL & CO.. 120G Market
FOR aale^ — Lodging-house, 30 rooms; rent $05;
cleam $90 per month: price $1000. Address
box 2287, Call offlce. j '
$550— NICELY furnished house, 10 rooms. In-
quire at 9 Harlan place, off Grant ave.
MISSION. 838— House of 10 rooms and base-
ment; all rented; $525; investigate this.
A WEEK'S news for S cents — The Weekly CaJL
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per y«ar.
' COTTAGES rOB SAXE. ¦;¦¦'--
FIVE-ROOM cottage; Jtern, fruit, flower*; Key
route; cheap for cash? Box 2910. Call .office.
FOR sale — Cottage. C rooms and bath. Inquire
nt 88 Cumberland at. ' ¦ '
COTTAGES WANTED.
WANTED— Small, nicely furnished flat or cot-
tage, good neighborhood; no children; terms
must be reasonable. Box S969.- Call offlce.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. Pacific Collection Qo.. 418
Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. Main 5580.
- _ w ____COIiIiECTI<m AOEBTTS.
Columbian Law & Collection Agency,, r. 85, 916
Market; tel. John 6226; eoltcits your business.
SPIRITUALISM. . .
MME. YOUNG'S writing circle to-night: 25c;
private readings daily, 1720 Sacto, nr. V. N.
Mrs. Burr (formerly Anthony), medium, ¦ life
reader. 711 Harrison, nr. 3d; 1. 25c; g. 50c.
DEAD-TRANCE medium: names, bus., mln'g;
drc. Tues.. Thur.. Sat., 8 pm. 325 Ellis, front.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, business medium and
¦Uf» reader. 1206 Market St.. Gait House.
CIi AIJ6VO YAITTS.
A A — CALL tt once and save $4.
My famous $5 readings this week for $1.
PAUL, DESTINE.
Th« First Registered' Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever In San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge if I fall to tell your' name, and
what you want to know. I tell if. husband, wife
or sweetheart Is true or false, whom and when
you will marry; In fact. I will tell every hope,
feanor ambition better than you can tell your-
self. I will improve your condition so you will
reach the greatest possible strength In mental
and bodily vigor, and luck that insures success
in business, mining, speculation; I implant the
controlling power in your nature so you can
fascinate any one you desire, win tbe one you
love, bring back ' your loved ' one, and cause
marriage with one of choice. 10 a. m. to S
p. m.; closed Sanday. S26 OTarrell st. 326.
FROM ALL SECTIONS THEY COME TO WIT-
. NESS THE WONDERFUL DEMONSTRA-
TIONS OF THE NOTED LIVINGSTONE.
Readings $1. Would It not be reVlef to know
how you will succeed, be relievediof matters
¦that trouble you .and of schemes or your ene-
mies, that you may meet with better success?
Then for reliable reading go to Livingstone,
428 Eddy, st.; three separate » reception par-
lora; lady attendants: hours 10 a. m.'S p. m.
Mra.A.H.Kronenberg'. palmist, clalrvoyant.card
reader; when others fail try me;good readings
25c T21 Franklin,nr.Q.O.ave.Tel.Larkin 4207.
GT, a Tttvo TAKTS — Contained.
MME m. Bernard! the famous
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner
bldg.: she reads your life correctly, gives an
' accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur in the future; if you are in trouble,
discontented . or not satisfied with life, or
have domestic, love or business troubles, con-
sult this great medium and you will b« told
how to overcome them; valuable advice in
all arfalrs of life: 25c up; satisfaction guar-
anteed; "open Sundays. Tel. Black 4569.
A— Miss M. WHIe, 330 Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tion; names given; special. $1; hours 10 to 8.
MISS ZEMDAR. young, gifted clalr. A palm.
I correctly treat your love affairs, domestic
trouble, bus. and financial success; names;
L. t 50c; G.. $1. 714 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.
ISMAR. Egyptian seeress. The Vendome. HOI
Market st., San Francisco. Office hours — 10
a. m. to 5 p. m. ; Sundays, lo to 12: Wednes-
day evenincr, C to H. Phone South 1141.
A— MME. RAVENNA reads life; business ad-
vice: names given: 25c up. S Ellis st.
MME. FLORENCE, card reader and palmist,
prices reasonable; hours 10-0. 713 California.
MME. MARSEAU. card reader; ladies 23c.
gents 50c. 545 Minna st. ,.
MISS WARD, clairvoyant, gives names, dates,
facts; readings dally. 917 Market, room 10.
MRS. BAUMANN. the well-known fortun^
teller. In now at 317 Ellis st.
CLOTHING BUXrOTTATJJi'O.
SUITS cleaned and .pressed. $1: sconrtnc and
dyeing. Bon Marche. 40 Ellis st., room 14;
phone Drumxn 44. Call (or and deliver ttt*.
ETJSI1TESS CgAITCES — Ccntlnttea."
A— CAMERON & c6T ¦ Phone South 1050.
.". Eddy st., cor. Market and Powell. '
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
FOR sale — Well furnished 5-room ark, moored
cue hour's ride from city: fine chance for
nurnmer outinR; also for winter shooting and
fighlng; completely furnished and equipped
for housekeeping; automatle generator for
making own gas; toilets; closets; everything
6trictly new and modern; accommodate 12
people over night; perfect little home; owner
obliged to go East; make offer. CAMERON
& CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale or trade^ — Quartz mlne;-flne prospect;
located In Cal.; assays $40 to $70 ton: trade
for rmg.-hs. or business. CAMERON, 3 Eddy.
WANTED — To exchange income property In
Alameda for stock of merchandise in S. F. ;
value about $8000. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy.
FOR sale— Carriage and \vagon factory and
general jobbing; established. 27 years; well
located and equipped with modern tools, etc.;
full investigation anil trial given; retiring
from business. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy.
EXCHANGES made in all kinds of real estate,
rooming houses and business chances. CAM-
ERON & CO, 3 Eddy st
FOR exchange— Lot, 25x125, with cottage. East
Oakland; high basement; cement sidewalks;
everything flrst-class; on direct car line; for
rooming-house S. F. ; valu* $2000. CAM-
ERON & CO.," 8 Eddy st.
FOR sate — Flrst-class electrician and lock-
smith business; bona fide proposition; good
reasons for selling. CAMERON tc. CO.
FOR sale — An old-established stationery and
periodical business, with a long lease. Apply
to E. ItAUER, S. F. New Co.
FOR sale — Coal and wood yard in the Mission;
good trade. Box 1995. Call offlce.
GROCERY and bar for sale in good location
in North Beach; investigate. Box 2263, Call.
A BRANCH Office for Th» Call for the r«oepti»n
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market rt, opposlt* Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
I.ODGIUG-HOtrSES SAIB^^
A — CAMERON &. CO., Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy St.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses. Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
1 /
108 rooms; rent only $5 B0 per room, long
lease, up to date, downtown, modern house;
electric lights, bells and elevator; all light
rooms; well furnished throughout; chance of
llfftime to get first-class house that is clearing
$350 to 5450 at bargain; has signed to accom-
modate large body of people In coming con-
clave; owner obliged to leave for Europe to
settle .an estate: make offer; exclusively with
us.
18 rooms; rent $65; best block on Mission
street; good buy and worth the price; $800.
65 rooms; best downtown commercial house
In city |t clearing now $300 per month; every-
thing flrst-class condition; will trade for Oak-
land, Alameda or Berkeley property or ranch
in California; must leave city.
S-room flat; rent $45; close in; oak furni-
ture; good carpets; departure; price $400.
30-room, new. modern 2 and 3 room apart-
ment house; cheap rent; most' elegantly
equipped in city; 5 years' lease; every appoint-
ment hea^t could wish; this little gem at bar-
gain on account of sickness.
28 rooms; elegant fui-. family hotel on Nob
Hill: doing tine business: will trade for large
apartment-bouse and pay cash difference.
S rooms and closets; Baet st. : rent only $18;
good furniture and carpets: everything for
housekeeping; 6 beds; cost $T00; obliged to go
to Germany; snap at $350.
24 rooms; rent $145; new and* elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany: fine proposition;
cood lease.
ISO rooms; grand, new, modern apartment-
house; elegantly furnished and equipped; cheap
rent; fine lease; paying $500 to $600 per month;
close in; full of nice people; bargain if taken
at once; dissolution of partnership.
34 rooms; cheap rent; thoroughly renovated;
all In fln< shape; fine little apartment-house;
clears $150; reduced to $2800.
16 rooms: rent $65; good furnltura and car-
pets; always full; must sell within next ten
days; leaving city; make offer.
108 rooms; cheap rent; new and elegantly
furnished, up-to-date rooming-house; has fine
bar; can be run in conjunction if desired: rare
chance for right parties; part cash, balance
can be paid out of the house: other business
Interests demand immediate departure.
76 rooms; grand new building: elegantly fur-
nished; cheap rent; 10 years' lease; close In;
clears $400 per month; $4000 down, balance 8
per cent per annum; departure.
7-room modern flat, close in, well furnished;
cost $600; at bargain If sold at once; $300.
~— — — /
45 rooms; rent only $125; first-class location;
well furnished and good running order; clear-
Ing now over $200 per month; always full; best
buy In^city; account sickness; price $4500.
32 rooms; cheap rent; 2 years' lease: flne
downtown location; 2 entrances; everything In
first-class condition: good furniture and car-
pets; tlearing now $200 p»r month; If run tran-
sient can clear $300 to $350 per month; here Is
best proposition in city; price $3200.
128 rooms; cheap rent; long lease; first-class!*
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished;
clearing $500 to $600 per month; must sell on
account of other business; only with us.
105 rooms; cheap rent; first-class, up-to-date
commercial house; clearing $350 to $400 per
month: call for particulars.
126 rooms: rent only $1 per room; new and
up-to-date hcuse ; all men; electric elevator,
lights: long lease; clears $400 to $500 per
month: one of the best buys In the city.
Large list of real estate, rooming-houses and
business for exchange or trade always on hand
CAMERON fc CO.. 3 Eddy st. j
MARION GRIFFIN.
4C6 Hearst bldg.. over Examiner entrance.
Cor. Third and Market sts. Tel. Black 3607
Roomlng-*ouses and hotels for sale.
31 ROOMS, 19 of which are newly furnished-
centrally located: great bargain at $1250;
part cash; long lease. MARION GRIFFIN.
9-ROOM flat; modern; elegantly furnished for
private home; will sell at sacrifice on very
easy terms, or rent as a whole for $80 per
month. MARION GRIFFIN.
11 ROOMS; almost new furniture; clean as a
pin; desirably located; all goes at the ridicu-
lously low price of $400. MARION GRIFFIN.
15 ROOMS on Van Ness ave.: beautifully fur-
nished: clears $60; only $1000. Marion Griffin.
15 ROOMS: O'Farrell st.; excellent home; well
furnlshea; reduced from $1200 to $800. Griffin.
105-ROOM apartment-house; one ot San Fran-
cisco's most profitable Investments, and one
which will bear the most rigid investigation;
furnished with excellent Judgment; guaran-
teed to clear now over $250 mo. — the dull
season; long lease at less than $5 per room.
MARION GRIFFIN. 406 Examiner building.
A— 140 ROOMS; flrst-class hotel with bar; will
positively clear over $1000 per month; noth-
ing In San Francisco outside of the St. Fran-
cis Hotel will equal It in point of furnish-
ings'; every room an outside room; steam
heated and every known modern convenience-
if you are looking for one of the city's best
business opportunities on easy terms; get full
particulars from MARION GRIFFIN.
BEAUTIFULLY furnished apartment-house of
I 70 rooms; low rent, long lease; the best of
locations; brand new. modern; up to date in
all reppects. Exclusively tor sale by MARION
GRIFFIN. ¦ ¦ .
31 ROOMS: Sutter st; corner house; always
full of steady roomers; clearing $175 per
month. This is worthy your investigation.
Installments. MARION GRIFFIN, room 406
Examiner building, S. F.
H. C. DECKER....... Established In 1877
90ti MARKET ST.. COR. STOCKTON.
HEADQUARTERS FOR ROOMINO-HOUSES.
30 room*: downtown; reduced' to.. $1 loo
0 rooms: flne piano; on Sutter st 400
17 rooms: on Fourth at.; a bargain.... 1,200
38 rooms: on Market st ;. 3,000
40 rooms; reduced from $3500 to 2i200
15 rooms; clears $100 1,250
Houses, large and small, from $50 to.. 20,000
Flat, S rooinfi and bath....'...;........ 600
Lodging-house. 36 rooms.; .-... 1,100
Lodging-house, 54 ' rooms. ............;. B.OOO
Lodging-house. 40 rooms. ............... 2.200
Rooming-house, 20 rooms.......; 2.500
Rooming-house. 11 rooms... f: 350
11 roome; good piano; on Sutter st...... 400
16 rooms; fine corner...". 600
24 rooms; transient... '......' 2300
TWENTY HOUSES TO EXCHANGE.
H. C. DECKER. 906 Market st... cor. Stockton.
NICELY furnished rooming-house of 17 rooms,
with . lease, . very cheao . this . week; leaving
" city, lnauire 1140 Larkin st.
- atxtomobhiES. |
AUTOMOBILE for sale (Cadillac) with de-
tachable touneau. Bos 191S. Call offlce.
A WHITE Stanhope for sale; price $600; !n
perfect running order. Box 1979. Call.
RAMBLER auto for sale; seats two persons.
Box 2258. Call office
BIRDS. DOGS. ETC._
TOUNG parrot*, guaranteed to talk. $5 each:
largest variety dojts. birds. ca«ee. etc.. at low
price;. 1.M4-46 Market st.
BOARDING FOR CHH.PBEN.
WANTED — By an exi>eriencod woman, an in-
tant to board. Inquire 212 Seventh st.
_ ' BOOKS.
SCHOOL, books, old and new. bought and sold.
DALY fc CURRAN. S57 Geary st.
SUSINESS C^AWCES. |
A— $t;oO; CIGAR stand on Market tt., clcse to
l'hc-lan building: rent J>:7:i: place clears at
least *17r> per month. Cal! R. G. WIL.K.E.
ISi^i Kearny St.
A— $2CCO— CORNER 6a!oon; living rooms;
place establ. years; doing a good-paying bus-
iness; lease; sickness of owner compels him
to sacrifice. R. G. WILKE, 26*4 Kearny st.
A— $1600; CORNER grocery and bar; on Ellis
•t.; living rooms; rent $35; lease; a splendid
location and gocd payinc business. See R.
O. WILKE, 2tSVi Kearny et.
A— $2000; BARBER shop. •* chairs; elegant
fixtures and clearing; at least $50 per week;
rent $75, including 7 rooms; located in choic-
est business part of city. Call R. G. WILKE.
26 % Kearny «t.
A— $1000; BOARDING and rooming house; 30
rooms, kitchen and dining-room; 37 beds;
rood furniture; lease; a well paying business.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny at.
A — $2200; coffee saloon and restaurant, op-
posite the Ferries building; lease; place es-
tablished years; doing a rushing and good
paying business; fullest investigation solic-
ited. K. G. WILKE. 26V4 Kearny «t. .
A — $3500; corner grocery and bar on Fulton
et. ; rent $00; living rooms; stock .will In-
voice about $2800; a well established and
tlitt-class paying bu?ineas. See R. G. '
WILKE. 20';. Kearny et. I
A— $350; corner cigar stand on water front; I
rent $25; value in 5ight; a gocd business.
See R. G. WILKE. 20% Kearny st.
A— $l&00; HOTEli and roadhouse. with 18 fur-
nished rooms; rent $70; 5 years' lease; large
barns, yard, orchard, etc.; 2t> steady board-
ers, horses, buggies, etc.; the best-paying
country hotel in San Mateo County. See
R. G. WILKE, 26 Vi Kearny st.
$4000— SALOON on Turk St.; net rent $15O; 3
years' lease; elegantly fitted uj> pla.ee and
good payinc business. Call R. G. WILKE,
~<i\~ Kearny st.
A— $1500: WHOLESALE bakery; daily sales
about $50; new wagon, 2 horses, etc.; rent
$45; Etock at invoice; only cash trade; a fine
business effer. Particulars R. G. WILKE.
:c\i Kearny st.
A— $2650; CORNER grocery and bar; rent $40;
the choicest location in the Mission: place
established years and lirst-class paying; full
value in sight. See R. G. WILKE. 2t>Vi
Keerny st.
A— «175O; GROCERY and bar; located In Urn
brtt manufacturing town of San Meteo Co.;
cash trade; rent $30; 4 furnished rooms;
lease. See R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny at.
A— $1800; ROADHOUSE. with fine living and
club rooms: piano, dance hall. 2 stables, etc;
s. well-ad vet Used and good-paying bouse.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— ffiOOG; CORNER ealoon. with 4 years'
lease; about Vs block from Market and Ellis
Etc; place doing a. rushing business; value
In sight; owner must leave for th« East.
gee R. G. W1LKE» 26*4 K-arny st.
A^fSSO; CORNER salocn; rent $30; located
about 1 blcck south of Market and Powell
tit.; a good business; owner engaged in
other business cauce of rale. Particulars
R. G. WILKE. 26 V, Kearny st.
A— $2000; CORNER saloon with 4 years' lease
in wholesale district; owner bought ranch
and sacrifices ; saloon established years; a
f.rst -class paying place. See R. O. WILKE,
2CH Kearny st
A— $1000; RARE chance, rare chance, rare
change; restaurant In San Rafael: dally re-
oeiptft $2.'.; rent $30; good business; value
in ftrflt; patronized by best class of people.
fcee R. G. WILKE. 26»4 Kearny st.
A— $800; CORNER saloon in wholesale district:
rect $50; place doing a fine business; sur-
rounded by wholesale bouses; no night or
E'jnday work. R. G. WILKE. 26V4 Keamy.
A— f 2500; LEADING hotel in the best business
'own SO miles from city; 40 rooms; bar and
('.ining-room; long lease; no better chance for
r.ctel businees in the Interior. Call R. G.
WILKE. 20^ Kearny st.
A— $1600: SALOON, vicinity Market. Ellis and
Stockton ets.: rent $150; lease: place estab-
lished years: first-class business. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26K Keamy st.
A— $1700; HOTEL with bar. dining-room,
kitchen and 36 rooms: piano, etc.; finest loca-
t;cn across the bay. Se« R. Q. WILKE. 2tf>£
Kearny <t.
A— $3500— ELEGANT barroom, with mercan-
tile lunch: on Montgomery st.. vicinity of
California; nlace mutt be sacrificed on ac-
ccunt of ill health of cwner. See R. G.
WILKE. 26'.4 Kearny st.
FINE OPPORTUNITIES.
If you wish to buy or sell property of any
description, dwelling or rooming house,
grocery, butcher shop, delicatessen, branch
bakery, cigar Etand. saloon, or business of
any kind, do not fail to call upon us; we
may have Just what you want to buy or a
purchaser for what you have to eell. SEAL
ROCK INVESTMENT CO., 1312 Market St..
rooms 418-4W. telephone Folsom 3468.
$2000 — LARGE wood, coal, hay and grain busi-
ness In nearby town; 5 horses, 4 wagons,
buggy, cart. Fafe. 3 scales, etc.: large and
ivcll arranged yard; rent $25; long- lease;
6ales $2000 month; stands strictest investi-
gation: owner retiring; no agents. Address
Coal, box 006. Call Branch, 1016 Broadway.
Oakland.
A — CORNER grocery, with big bar tradV long
established; lease; six living rooms; 'stable
fT horse and wagon; good cellar; located
near Market Ft.; $1750 will purchase this op-
portunity: will on'y Interview party .with
ready cash and those meaning business. Ap-
ply 703 Polk St.. near Eddy.
$3000— EXPERIENCED man in furniture busl-
ness with a few thousand dollars; bent
chance to make money in that line in a pros-
perrms town in California. Inquire box
306.1. Call office.
FOR sale, cheap, account sickness, good-paytng
cash business; groceries and delicacy store;
fixtures, hor«e, wagon, harness; will take
in part payment ocean beach or Berkeley
Ic»t5. Box 30es, Call offlce.
STAGE line for sale; 10 stage horses. 2 9-pas-
sengcr stages, 3-room house and lot and
stage bam; change barn, 1C0 acres of land;
wish to retire from businc-ss; good paying;
at a bargain. Address box 3950, Call office.
$500 — RELIABLE man, wlllfn: to work, can
purchase interest In estab. mfg. business: le-
gitimate, paying proposition; bear closest In-
vestigation; can clear $100 mo. 247 Fifth st.
HOTEL with bar attached for sale In a ccun-
try town; a good point for travel; have run
the house for 0 years. ' Address for particu-
lars, box 1919, Call offlce.
WRITTEN proposals will be received for rent-
Ing or barber chop and hair dressing par-
lors In new department store. PRAGER'S,
Market and Jones ete.
$2tO— PARTNER in good-paying light busi-
ness; ruust be sober, reliable; no Sunday or
night work. See F. Berg. 318 Kearny. r. 1.
PARTT with $100. to Join two others to follow
a rich gold trace Juet found In good district;
rne-thlrd Interest. Box 3CS1. Call. -
MEAT market averaging $50 business per day;
trade and location best possible: owner out
of health. Address G-. 2100 Fifteenth et.
521.10— CROCERY and bar; choice, corner In
Mission; reasonable rent and long lease; in-
vestigste this. Box 3027, Call ; no agents.
WANTED — A good saloon, city front or whole-
sale district: state price; no agent. Box
40S5. Cal! offlce.
FOR sale— 12-rcom boarding-house; central lo-
cation; everything modern; always full; cause
signets. JXO. STANTON. Point Richmond.
FOR pale cheap— Branch bakery store with Hn«
of notions «ml groceries. Apply FRANK tc
MCCARTHY. San Leandro. Cal.
A— ?2O0; PARTNER wanted; $15 to $55 a week
Particulars at 47 Geary st., room 5.
CIGAR stand formal© at a bargain; good stock-
fine trade. Call 219 Mason et.
FOR rent— Furnished hotel In San Miguel. San
Lulu Oblspo Co. Inquire W. V., 520 Lyoa st.
SALOON for sale, cheap; long lease and~Iow
rent; fine stock and fixtures. Inquire IIS 4th..
A WELL-ESTABLISHED winery for sale. o"r
. will. take. a partner. Box 3332. Call offlce.
LARGE corner saloon for sale: newly fixed
up; cfarap; make offer. Bex 2004. Call offlce.
WOOD and coal yard -In Berkeley; for sale;
reasonable. Box 2293. Call office.
Tlffi^CALL 1
.loiix j>. spKECKELs. . . . *>:yprjgf p. 1 ; i
JOHN MeXAUGHT Manager
A<Icr*>* Cvitin:unirat!or.sJ.o
\V.'J. MARTIN*^ . _Busin<>s_Manag;iM'
TELEPHONE.
As:; for THE CALL. Tlie Operator XtV\ Con-
. * rect Tou With the Departed \ou vi un.
FuWlcaUon Omce Usxket and Third, S. F.
Editorial BMBii MI "» «1 Stevenson et.
revered by Carrie. 20 C:s. I'er 75
<:ie. Per Month, Ccpte" »
terras by :.!=;!. Inchsdia* Unerase (C«»h w ltn
Ord* r> :
DAILY PALI, andad. Sai>a«yfc I v Mr --^™
DAILY CALI, ttnrtod. ?'Jti<la> t. C mo* t.00
DAILY CAIX#— By *ir.s!<> Month «oc
MWOYCALL. 1 rear -••">
' y.*;:i:iyI.v call. : rear ¦ 1 - w
„,,_..,,,.,. < rwily. . j».SO Per Year Hxtra
I OHL.C. ;t ulu »Hy. 4.15 IVr Vear Kxtra
POSTAGE. [Weekly. l.<-0 Per Tear Extra
ALL I'OSTMASTFttS" AUK AVTHOKIZED
TO BECEIVE SUBSCRIPTION'S.
*&iEP> Copies will be forwarded when re-
QUfiEtCd.
Mall -jb»crib«r» In orderlnr change of ad-
6r*ts shculd be particular to fftve both NEW
AND OLD AUDHEKS Id order to Insure a
rrotrpt ar.d correct compliance with their re-
Qjest.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
:016 BroaiTray Telephone Main 10S3
BERKELEY OFFICE:
2!*S Caster Etreet Telephone North 77
VTA6HINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
6AMUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
>-EVT YORK NEWS STANDS:
• Waiaorf- Astoria Hotel; A. Brentaao. 81
rc.cn Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue
Hotel ar.fl HctTman House.
CHICAGO NEWS, STANDS:
Fhermcn House: P. O. News Co.: Great
. Northern Hotel: Tremcnt House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer Hou«e.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
.C GKORGE KROGNESS.-Marquette BulWina;
(Long Distance Telephone. "Central 2C19. )
NEW YORK RF.PREPENTATIVE:
FTEmiZS B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
•BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call.
. corner Market and Third streets; open until
li o'clock every nisht in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
Jik'S Market etreet, opposite Fifth; open until
11 p. m. ,,
f£7 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
»:S0 p. m.
r<*> Haves street: open until 9:30 p. m.
139 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
CIS L^iikin street: open until 9:30 p. m.
1B41 Mission street; cpen until 10 p. m.
]f»i Eleventh etre-et: open until 0 p. m.
VStG Valencia street; op»n until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
#>pen until 9 p. tn.
~jcri ruimere ftrct; cpen until 9 p. m.
aSEZTIgajgQTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commander}' No. 1. K. ,JC*
T— Regular Assembly THIS EVENING #fT
at 7:30. Order of Temple. All fraterr lys
courteously Invited.
•CHARLES M. PLI'M. Commander.
T. L. HENDERSON. Recorder.
PACIFIC Lodse No. 130. F. and A. M..
will m«et THIS EVENING at "^OTCir
o'clock. First decree. r ? »
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Secretary.
•APOLLO Lodce No. 12:5. I. O. ,*-*5««a- '
•¦ :' - -.-• n<J degree THIS [FR1- jSWaJMjBfc
HAYI NIGHT. August 1L'. &' !^*S£Eg83
o'clotk pharp. Visiting brethren --SWCr^'
cordially invited.
ARTHUR BEHREND, N. G.
W. F. NORCROSS. Rec.-Sec. j
'CALIFORNIA Lo-iee No. 1. K. of P.. ¦^B^'
me-ts Till? EVENING at S o'clock. *^X?L(f
Pior-eer buildirz, "_'4 Fourth st. I'aEe /£§?
rank. Visitors cordially invited. >55*C.
F. O. MOLL. C. C.
R. N. McLENNAN. K. of R. and S.
El'REKA Lodee No. 9, K. of P.. J"f%L
rt^i* Uarloet ft., meets THIS (FRI
DAY) EVENING. Page rank. A AgK
fraternal welcome extended to mem- jf!£i^\±
bers and visitors. W. CRONIN, C. C.
J. W. BEATTIE, K. R. and S.
SAN FRANCISCO Tent No. IS. y^S^^k
K. O. T SI.— Review THIS &^— T~*ria
t FRIDAY) EVENING at 1 R^CVja
o'clock. Pionevr Hall. 2* BLVi £\v»*k|
:< B. RICHARDS,
Record Keener.
ET. A NDREWP Society will cele- v r"? «
brate the li'Jd anniversary S>t the 3^ fjk i), 1 )
• birth of Fir Walter Scott by a cnn->)»X&
<¦» rt and dance in the Scottish HaJl. N «fc3^fe
1"7 Larkin 6 t. t on MONDAY EVEiwNG.
the Kith inn., at B o'clock. The programme
• will consist of Foiyrn. recitations, musical se-
lections, and the aijdnsf <]rliv<>r"<] by Rev.
Dr. Clampett of Trinity «Tiurch. Tickets. 2.V.
t» be had from members of the socletv and
at the t:a!I <loor.
P. LIVINGSTON DUNN, President.
• T. BLACK. BecreUtyl
BZR WALTER "scOTT^S anniver- pO>
**ry — Grard celebration In honot CSSS
oi the l.'JOd anniversary r f
birth of SIR WALTER SCOTT 'VkTx^
under the auspices of Clan Fraset (PUH
No. 7S. O. 8. C. Eintracht Hall. •* j*
Twvlfth et.. n^ar Fols^m (largest hall in the
city), on MONDAY EVENING. August 15.
Concert will consist of high-class vocal num-
ber* under the leadership of Professor Bur-
n*ss. soloist; by Frank Onslow, tenor; Mi?s
H. Heath, soprano; Miss M. Judson con-
tralto: L. A. Lar&en ba.«y; oration on Sir
nailer Scott by the Rev. George C. Adams
of the Fim Corprcgational Church, and will
ali-o include mary novel ffatures. such as
the combat of Fitz James and Roderick Dhu.
and that dramatic 3cene, the capture of Rob
. - Roy. and several oth»r tableaux dear to
6cottlsh hearts; a grand Gathering of th»
• clans ar.d choral s!r.p:ng by 200 clansmen in
cottuir.e; grand Highland reel in costume by
the best dancers on the Pacific Coa*f enter-
: tainment at R. -Jancing at 10. Admission.
adults 60c. children 2.V?.
-^ AMrSEMENT COMMITTEE.
• OFFICE of tbe McCarty" Wlrekss TeleTh^nl
Company. Room S-7. 927 Market st.. San
Fjaruisco Cal.. Aug. 2. 1004.— To the Stock-
holders of the Mccarty Wireless Telephone
«.orrpany. a Corporation: Public notice Is
t*T*by Riven that a special meeting of the
»tockhclders* of tbe McCarty Wireless Tele-
.. rhonr Company will be held at the offlce of
the esid company, room 327. &27 Market »t.
' S-an Francisco. Cal.. on TUESDAY Aucust
£ IV-WH/at 3 o'clock p. m.. for the pur^'e
V ot declarine vacant .the of.ic-es of presid-nt
• \*;"- : **ry anC treasurer/ and also as directors
' N r ;/» !d "id meetIn K Is called by
• ' r t". r - or i?^ A " S T fcC8 . rty ' of th%
• rf I Fr3r '" ! * J « McCarty. owner and
E2r8Zi2 rrC T, U 1 " tw»-th1rf« of the tub-
Ci £n P 5« T """ b ° St In Am ""ica-Th« Weekly
Cidted States or Canada cne year for Si
rxTTre catq. '
A ; A OEITTS WAJTTED.
I.At>Y ¦gent*— We have bl^s^e^r7r~prfrate
«r.vss E ir,r: oar ex-ode sel! and no kicks at th'
I.r:ce; Bsrcr-le at agents' price. C5 cents
gtmapa) and free catalr. eus . The E. Tiitcn
. -^'^l^^llP 0 - offlce 70C Powell st.
LADY ct pert'eraan: fine pcsltlon and good
pro. V.1C Market «t.. yjite f.S.
55^°^H?t? s " AT * 1 * A ' w '-
R 'i^\- KrrrG ' A^orney-Bt-Law. siinirbld^
Cth Boer; entrance room 611; esUbllahed 18
years; all cuctt. general court and effica
v jracf.ee; no fee in advance or for consults-
tl<-,a: evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3801.
£SX2£5!£TJ?*2' a ! ', eaI " : =«frs: divorcei a
rpeclilty: private. <ju!ck : no pay i n advance-
o * r^ ? J^^ n f, s .v'; r f. ar ' iTS i 1 : P a *- e "t« obtained i
O.^t. HOV, E. 1!K Majket 1 st. - eetab. 22 yrs.
DIVCr.CE-Costs. f!2: qeTck. quiet; advice
-free: s;I law t,-j-;r>«8s; no charge unless sue-
*•'"•'-': • Pea evening*. tC7 Market, room 301.
ADVICE free: divorce costs $12: no fees or
fctis In £<Jvenc*; an Uw businees- cjTfic*
T'n Saturday yver.lngs. S18 Market «.. r.a3.
Colombian Law A- Cr<]]ccticn Asency. r. 85 SIS
. S:ar;;ct; tcl. John CC20; solicits your business.
Uf'XEV «ivane-d heirs en estates; estates pro-
bated; consul, tree. F.Colbonrn. a.tt'y.327 Mkt
\ L> E. CJ.ARK. »27 Market bL: conTuitattoo
tree; no fees In advance; cpen evenings.
PATF.N'TP ar.d pensinn)*— SON'NTAG'B PAT-
fTNT ft 1 V.NEIQX AGCY.. 2U Pine. Ctb floor.
CUT <vrRST ar.<5 b»«i America— The Weekly
Call, l'i papea. sent to ary address In the
i.rt*-' sixes cr Carada cne year for $1
t<t*tnr» psii.
f r '*i"p x'i'A.
_, ASTgaiA BErggP?. /
VJ ROUtfl Aethma. Remedy relieves l»«tant-
i> ; 10c. 2Se. Me. JC02 Market. St. Nicholas;
«.ico WUhart. 10th and Wat Sing too Oakland.
$500 WORTH Or rOLQCR'5 "GOLDEN GATE GOTOE" DISTRIBUTED
• ¦ . ¦«>#*¦¦ ' * r-, t~t n
This week we offer our "WANT AD" patrons a rare treat. We have purchased of J.
A.. Folger & Co., the principal coffee importers in the West, a large quantity of their famous
111 I ) \ llU I I I i
vJULL/L i- vln L vy LL
And on Thursday, Friday arid Saturday of this week every one bringing a WANT AD for in-
sertion in next Sunday's CALL will receive a one-pound tin of coffee FREE. It is an ex-
pensive premium.
GOLDEN GATE COFFEE i» sold by all grocers at 40c per pound and is guaranteed to
be uniform in strength and quality. GOLDEN GATE COFFEE is so good that Messrs. J. A.
Folger & Co. sell it strictly on merit. Nothing goes with GOLDEN GATE COFFEE but sat-
isfaction. . ; x -
GOLDEN GATE COFFEE will please those who are particular about the quality of the
coffee they drink. It is coffee perfection and is held in the highest esteem by critical coffee
1 drinkers. . . •
We have been giving our patrons a series of useful articles, but this permium is one that
should cause every. householder to advertise his or her wants in NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
{ Once you. try our columns you will become a regular patron. Once you try the coffee
. I you will become a steady user of it.
Gifts Given Thursday , Friday and Saturday to
..WANT ADVERTISERS ONLY..
NONE BUT BONA FIDE WANT ADS WILL BE RECEIVED.
Premiums distributed at BUSINESS OFFICE, Third and Market Streets and OAKLAND
OFFICE, San Francisco Call, JO J 6 Broadway.« .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 12, 1904.
11
PASTRY cook wanted country hotel $15 ! •
Cook lor Mill Valley • ?3O j
2 German cooks $ 3 °. •¦• 5
Kan and wife cook and dishwasher, city
hotel • 5 5 , 0
Short order cook $1- w «* k t
Head waitress, country J-^jJ
8 waitresses city and country hotels J-o
3 second girls ?2O and *-o
2 nurses for children ' J-«>
Parlcr maid and waitress, city -;i*;X
Chambermaid, city * .„?
Nf»rth Gorman nurse, boy C years ?*3
Second girl and seamstress. San Mateo.. $25
21 Kirls for housework, city and country ; .
I $25, $30
Apply to J. F. CROSKTT. 334 Sutter st
' A WAITRESS, also chambermaid and wait
one meal, same place, fcr workingmen's
hotel. $23 each, near city.
2 waitresses for restaurant. $S a week.
' Young woman for short hand as checker In
restaurant. $25 and board.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter st
A CHAMBERMAID, hctel. $20; nurse, $25; a
woman fcr housework and help take care ot
a child $3."; cook. Mill Valley, $:>0; second
girl, $25. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
A — WANTED — Girls to learn hairdress'.ng,
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
In 2 ¦weeks; tuition $5 to those entering now:
three positions to fill Immediately; positions
• guaranteed at $10 per week up; leading
school In West. 233 Geary et., room 13.
A — GIRLS to learn millinery now for fall sea-
son; both seasons taught from start to finixli
lr. one month for $15; positions as trimmers,
salesladies, etc., guaranteed at >1U per wk.up*
riay and evening class. 143 Stockton at., r. 13.
Hah dressing, manicuring, massage, scalp treat-
ment, hair work, removal superfluous hair; $5 2
wks. ; day, eve. class: positions secured; highest
wages. Removed from 1236 Mkt. to 133 Powell.
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit: clean,
healthy place; positively higher wages paid
than at any other cannery. Code-Portwood
Canning Co., Tenth and Bryant sts. ¦
WANTED — A young girl for light housework
in small family; no washing or cooking; good
he me; could go to Los Angeles with family
if desires October 1: wages $10 a month;
call morninsrs. 150S Fell st
YOUNG, experienced saleslady for prominent
knit jroods house; otu- *«-.n»iiar »vi»h under-
wear preferred; state fully' experience, refer-
ence?, and salary expected. Box 36S9, Call.
HOP picking on Russian River. Call imme-
diately for railroad tickets. E. CLEMENS
HORST CO., 122 Battery St.; open this
j evening-. •
' MIDDLE-AGED woman, light general house-
work; 2 in family; Mill Valley; $15. Ad-
dress box 3CS6, Call office.
YOUNG girl for light housework: private fam-
ily; no children; sleep home. 214 Clayton St.;
take Hayes-st. car.
GIRL for general housework and plain cook-
ing. 1216 Fulton st.
NEAT, respectable, elderly lady for house-
work; good home. Address box 3706, Call.
YOUNG girl wanted for light housework. Ad-
dress box 3025, Call office.
GIRL wanted for general housework; children.
1457 Fulton st.
NURSE fcr sanitarium. 2344 Sutter st.
WASTED — A steady, experienced waitress. 119
Stockton st
CHAMBERMAID wanted. Hotel Miramar. 703
Gear;' Et.
WANTED — Women and girls to work on fruit;
highest wages paid 'or cannery work. PRE-
SIDIO CANNING CO.. 300 Broadway.
POSITION'of trust to be immediately filled by
a woman over 25: trustworthy and compe-
tent. Box 39C3, Call office.
YOUNG girl for general housework; small fam-
ily; good wages. 80 Carl St., near Cole.
EXPERIENCED operators on gents' white
shlrta. ROGERSON'S, S35 Valencia et.
ADVERTI?EMENTS. subscriptions received at
Cail branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1G0S Market et, opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
KELP WA2TTED— MALI!.
AT C. R. HANSEN &. CO.'S Emp. Agents
459 Bush st <H2 Clay st
FOR NEVADA— SHIP TO-NIGHT.
Teamsters and laborers $2 00 a day
FOR HUMUOLDT COUNTY.
Cornermen, headermen, muckers $2 75. $2
Laborers, Fresno County $2 25
Laborers, lumber pliers. Shasta Co $2 25
Coachman and gardener, see party here.. $35
German or Swede, private place $30
French chef, country hotel $75
All-round baker $50
Second cook, country hotel, free fare .$50
Meat and pastry cook, country hotel.... $70
Cooks, waiters, porters, bellboy, city and
country $16 to $70
C, R. HANSEN & CO. ..Employment Agents
WAITER for first-class uprings $25, $30
Errand boy, this office.
C. R. HANSEN & CO. . . .\ . . .429 Bush st.
FOREMAN for dairy. $50 and found; head
logger. $50 and board; 3 laborers about mill
and woods, $40 and board and fare refunded;
man about place. $35 and found; farmer and
wife, $50 and found; farmer for Southern
California, $30 and board; woodchoppers,
$1 50 to $2 50 cord: assistant for laundry,
$S week; 2 jobbing- blacksmiths and shoers,
?3 day; laborers, $2 25 day; and others. J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento Bt.
PORTER for country hotel and wife pastry
cook, $80; cook and wife. $60 to $90; hotel
cc-ok, $00 and found: waiters, elevator boys
and ethers. J. F. CROaETT & CO., 628
Sacramento st.
AT HORD &. SMITH'S.
Contractors' Agents. 05 Third et
Man to wheel brick, country, $2 75.
Laborers for railroad, $2, free fare.
'Carpenter, city, $3.
2 camp waiters, $25 and found.
Tea solicitors, 50 per cent com., good thing.
Young- man to run night elevator, city hotel,
$30 and room.
Carpenter's helper, city, $2.
Bench hand, cabinet maker, country, $3 50.
laborers. Monterey Co., $2 25, fare $3 05.
Men for pipe line. Fresno Co., $2 25.
Nevada — Teamsters and laborers, $2 50.
A— PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY~
638 Commercial st. — Phone Main 119L
10 laborers, near city. $2, 8 hours work,
call early on this. It's rood.
We ship to Nevada to-night teamsters, la-
borers and rockmen, $2 50 to $3 day.
20 laborers for sawmills, $60; -laborers for
railroad work, $2 day; lumber pliers, $U0;
woodchoppers $1 75 cord; laborers for placer
mines. $2 75 day; tally clerk, city Job, $1 00
day: other jobs.
A— AMERICAN EMPLOYMENT BUREAU.
642 Commercial st, near Kearny.
Phone Bush 833. JOHN L. DRECH8LER.
NEW CAMP— NEW WORK— LONG JOB.
12 laborers, ship to-night. $2 25 day, see us;
15 laborers, pipe and telephone line. $2 25 to
$2 50 day; 10 laborers, lumber R; R-. $00; 5
lumber pliers, $40 and found; 3 section hands,
lumber R. B... $35 and found; 2 machine
miners. $90. We ship to NEVADA to-night
Are you going;? FEE is only $1.
AT; HORD I A ; SMITH'S. ~~
DS Third st. Contractors* Agents.
Harness cleaner, buggy washer, city. $30 fd.
Cabinetmaker, bench hand, $3 50, country.
Tea salesman, good inducements, big thing.
Families to peel fruit, country, good wages.
This is a Ions job and you camp out.
Men for pipe line, Fresno County. $2 25.
Laborers for Monterey County, $2 25.
Nevada, teamsters and laborers. $2 60.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 20 Montgomery, r. 12.
Houseman. $25; head walter,$35; waiter. $J0.
BARBER shop for sale, $300; ' two chairs;
good fixtures; clearing at least $100 per
month over expenses; rent $12 a month: two
; rooms in rear; trial given. C. JORDAN,
; Et. Helena. Cal.
HOP picking en Russian River. Call imme-
diately for railroad tickets, E. CLEMENS
HOP.ST CO.. 122 Battery st; open this
evening.
WANTED— Young man as assistant book-
keeper; moderate wases; steady position;
( give reference, experience and salary ex-
, pected. Box 4031, Call.
ONE or two men to learn a good trade; steady
work; no night or Sunday work; $25 security
required. Apply 310^4 Fo'.som «t, upstairs.
. BARBER— Experienced, neat- appearing man;
quick in rush: $15 guaranteed; hours 7 am.
to 6 p. m. Box 1297, Call office, Oakland.
BARBER wanted; eteady Job; must be sober
and reliable. 1104 Flllmore st, near Golden
Gate av«- .
BARBER wanted at 434^ Sixth st.
BOYS wanted. JOE ROSENBERG, 816 Mar-
ket st. ' .
JOB press feeder. EASTMAN & MITCHELL,
415 Market st .
WANTED— Man, go Sacramentor sell goods;
pays coed wages. Call 1118 Market, room 1.
rarPLOTMEgT WAKTEP — aiale — Con. 1
l£XPfSXtXESfCED all-round man wishes position ( :
' ' iv. nhi! Fa!e liuuor or wine house: under- j
Elands cellar work: also can handle horses
and war.is to <lo dellverlns; references; 5
vei-Vs at last place. Box 3955, Call office.
tVATCTED— Position as traveling salesman;
thoroughly experienced; best of city refer-
ence*; l>ond if required: wsges not less than
:.- *MK> r?r month and expenses. Address box
.::t>47. Call office.
WANTED— By a younp man cf college educa-
t»cn. SI years old, position as collector and
• nw.i.stant bocik.eej>«T In wholesale or com-
m:rs:o:i house; rood references and bonds If
required. Bex Call office.
UAItBIElt mar. of sood habits, wrttUas to
. work, would tike steady employment ah por-
t»-rjn wholesale house; age 3j; German. Bor
X^r.7. Call crfice.
A GERMAN, middle-aged and elngle. wishes a
situation as clerk In grocery store and bar-
room. firKt-class references. W. BOHLINO.
<17 Kearny st.
THOROUGHLY experienced office man wishes
• position as traveling salesman; wages 1 «x-
. pect»"3: best of references. Address box 2900.
Call office.
STEADY, reliable, married roan desires em-
ployment of any kind; handy with tools and
•' a pood driver. Address or call 1228B Hamp-
shire st, upstairs. -
GARDENER, flrst-class in all branches; com-
petent to take charce of gentleman's place;
flrst-class references. Box 3953. Call office.
POSITION wanted as collector; can furnish
bonds, horse and buggy. Box 3846, Call.
BAKER want* *inrle-hand country Job; can
make some small goods, too. Box 3929. Call.
,AN experienced accountant desires evening em-
ployment. Address E. B.. box 30.M. Call. £,
SOBER, reliable man wants situation as night
- clerk or watchman. Box 3048. Call office.
A BOY 14 years old wishes a steady Job. 3139
• Pierce it.
'POSITION to take charge of Institution laun-
dry. EX. J. W.. S14 Seventh st
. WANTED — Position as salesman. Apply ROB-
ERT CHRISTIE. SO Port et
• POSITION wanted as wrapper. Box 2S66,
I Call office.
. CHINESE cook wishes a situation In a private
family. C. YEW. 803 Clay st.
'CHINESE flrst-class cook wants place ill fam->
i!y: good references. Bex 3975, Call office;
• . telephone China 146 between 9 and 11 a. m.
CHINESE would like a situation as cook;
• first class; £<x*l reference*. 776 Clay et.
A YOITNG Japanese college graduate wants
position a* lockkeeper or assistant work in j
firm: city or country; beet reference; salary 1
no object. CHKHKY, 371 Bush Bt.
YOUNG Japanese war.ts pesition In store, hctel
or drug store; speaks and writes good Eng-
lith. Apply to LOUIS OGATA. Imperial Ho-
tel. C06 Stockton St.
A JAPANU.S5E well educated boy wsnts a po-
s'.t'ou as waiter on table, either family or
boarciing-house: has long experience; best of
references. G. P.. 711 Taylor st
A JAPANESE butler and a schoolboy want
positions: a!«> a job after 6 p. m wanted.
>. O.. 1'OC Pacific ave.
JAPANESE, ten year*' experience at house-
. work, wants a jx:Fition In a nice family. J.
' N., 142:; Pacific ave.; phone Larkin 34S.
JAPANESE, excellent cook, with 12 years' ex-
perience in culicary art. wishes a position in
family. Address IDE, 34914 Minna et
'A JAPANESE honest boy wants a position as
schoolboy in small family: sneaks good
Kngii.-h. WILLIAM K. AWO. S07 Polk st.
9APAKESE hor.est cook, having best experi-
ence, derires jv-i£ition in family: has best ref-
erence; city or country. HONTO. 132n Pin*.
JAPANESE, ten years' experience at house-
work, wants a position in a nice family.
' _ J- N.. 14'J.{ facinc ave.: phone Larkin .JlS.
I JAPANESE honest cook, having best experi-
ence. • desires position in family: has best ref-
erence; city or country. HONTO, 1323 Pine.
JAPANESE young boy wants position as cook
. o- housework. FRANK KUNISHIGE 313
•Putter st
,'AI'ANKSE . young boy desire* position as
_ . gchfwlhoy; good family. T. I., 539 Stevtnson.
JA'PANESE wants plice In family; ?6 up a
• «-e*k. IJAHHY. 2M0 Baker rt.
JAPANESE gdcxJ cook wants a position.
FRANK F.. 031 Sacramento st
A JAPANESE boy wants a po?it1on as echool-
bcy in the country. Apply 849 Bush st.. S.F.
FLATS TO LET.
AAA— HOUSE RENTING^EPARTMENt!
All desirable vacant houres and flats are list-
<=¦•! in our free renting department; over 1000
in number; a. combined list from all agencies;
let us give you a !ist and help you to find a
fiace; we never fail; service free
sterling furniture co..
10s9 market st..
• opposite McAllister.
. • HZZ ;
A~-HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list;
: een-ir-e ttisolutely free; take advantage cf
this Oepartmein; it will save you time and
trouble. Cordts Furniture Co.. 245-259
Ueary st.. on the square.
." SWELLEST FLAT I.V CITY.
Six rooms : lent $3<J; fine location.
Flemish din ins-room; beam celling.
.¦•--•:•¦ for sale; very easy terms to
reliable pArty. only in use two weeks. Apply
: Sterling Furniture Company.
\ 1039 Market st.
NINETEENTH end Noe. M.W. corner; the
warm be'.t of the Mission; block from Castro
or Eighteenth street cars — 8 lovely sunny
upper and lower 4 and 5 room flats; every
modem convenience; storerooms ready by
Aug. 15; rents from $20 to $27 50; water free.
j e-ROCM lower flat; Portola et.. 25 feet north
Imboce Park; choice location and neighbor-
hood; eun all day. Apply 63 Portola. St.. off
Waller, between Steiner and Pierce.
GEARY. 1281, one block from Van~NeM ave—
• New uj>per flat of 9 eunny rooms and bath;
modern conveniences ; rent only $50.
•" MODERN flat. 7 rooms, bath; rent $40, with
water. «25 Gclden Gate ave., near Van Ness
ave..
KOE, 3000. corner Elizabeth— New 5-room flat;
modern improvements: convenient to Twenty-
fourth »nd Castro street cars: rent reasonable.
ST. LAKE ct., bet. 5tb and 6th aveg.; Eddy-st
electric lice passes; very desirable new flats
tor ver>- moderate rents.
LAKE, 742, near Ninth ave— New French flat;
6 rooms; rent $25; marine view.
. PINE. 2955 — Four-room flat. $16 80.
BUSH. 1209— Fiat 5 rocms>, bath; boiler: rent
$lt). Apply 1207A Bush st.
DIAMOND. 120— Modern lower fiat. 5 rooms
end bath; rent $17 60.
_ NICE, ninny fiat. 4 rooms and bath; rent $20
lM1 Vcllr J° su, bet. Van Ness ave. and r>olk!
SUNNY 2-room flat bath, gas. 139 Nineteenth
- ' ave., Richmond District.
EDDY rtrtet — New corner house. 7 rooms;
only S32 CO. Apply at 1218 Turk st.
FILLMORE. 1J 26— Modern 7 rooms; all large
and light; corner; rent $40.
HAIGHT. 712— New 7 and 8 room flats; rent
reasonable. Owner on premises.
. HOWARD. 1C22 and 1634, between Twelfth
and Thirteenth — Eunny 3 and 4 room flats.
* LARGEST lint of houtes and flats to let Cal!
on LYON' « HOAG^lie Montgomery st
- PACIFIC ave.. 2405. near Flllmore — Lower
flat, 6 rooms; run In every room; garden.
$200 — BARGAIN; furniture C-room flat, com-
plete; central location; rent $30; or will rent
iumlshed $i0. CK5 Sutter st. 1 to i p. m.;
no agents.
FURNISHED 6-rocm flat for nale; nicely fur-
clfched; rent only $25. Box 1396. Call office.
yXJUIflTTTRE FOB SALE.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for »7 50
down and $1 r.O per week. T. Brilliant's
Furniture Co.. 340 Post St.. near Powell.
FURNITURE, carpets, etove, refrigerator;
bargains, 121 Steiner st.
Andersen Auction House. 19 Turk. nr. Market.
furnishes everything for the Bouse ;Iow pr»c*s.
FOR sale — Upright folding-bed, with beveled
French plate Klan mirror. Box 1973. Call.
FURNITURE, stoves, bought, sold, exchanged.
Barker. 439 Valencia,nr.ieth.Tel.Church «JS79.
rU.fcai'JL'U'E.E WASTES,
. ____.™_- , '.-"' ;
ralesroom. 1135 Market st. Tel. Jessie T61.
Don't Bfcli your furniture, carpets, office »ur-
nlture. etc.. until you get his estimate.
CHAS: LEVY He CO., ray highest price for fur-
Biture. rarpeu, etc 782 Mission ;tel. Bush 813.
FEBSOKAIiS;
LADIES don't wear those horrid ugly wrinkles
under our new scientific treatment; we re-
move them and give you back the skin an" J
complexion of youth, leaving not a scar ct
mark or blemish en the face; the many
years of practice at horn: and abroad in this
particular line of work makes us experts; all
wrinkles, etc., permanently removed: lost
contour restored: smallpox pit tings removed;- -
consultation confidential. MME. GILLING- 5
HAM. 131 Powell st.. near Ellis.
DR. ROWELL' S Fire of Life, a sure cure for
rheumatism, paralyris, neuralgia, pneumonia,
sore throat, etc. Sold by all druggists for ¦
ever 20 years; price 60c. Manufactured solely j '
by ROWELL & BROWN. 32 Turk St.. S. F. |
t
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im- '
proves its growth, stops falllng.cures dandruff '
and Itching scalp: no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers' ;ac-
cept no substitute. Star RemedyCo..l333 Polk. '
Cancerous lumps, sores. Impure blood (affecting '-
skin, mouth, bones, etc.) speedily cured by
fkille'l specialist from Burope. Apply Central
Pharmacy, 328 Grant ave. Worst cases cured. .
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trouser? at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market st
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50 .
down and $1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 340 Post «t. near Powell. '
LADIES and gentlemen, you will find best hair
tonic in the world at 1810 Sutter st ,
ELEGANT suit to order St 1 ex. pair pants, $15.
LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mkt st. bet. 7th and 8th.
MRS. WHEELOCK removed (La Verlte hair-
dressing parlors) to 645 Market, next Palace.
MAGNIFICENT diamond ring, nearly 3 carats.
$250.- GARIN, 138 Montgomery st
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elee- .
trie needle. Mrs.Dr.A.W.Traverse.ll70 Market
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 RO; dress pants $2 CO. I
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupcnt j
Actlna restores lost eyesight; cures deafness and
catarrh. A'VIPA CO., S324 19th. nr. Valencia.
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist 360 Sut-
ter. r. 609. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, room 38.
MASQUERADE costumes play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists'.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
PALMISTBY.
Mrs. Whitney. palmist:hours 10tol2, 2 to 8. Sun.;
Thur. eve, readings; admission 15c. 468 Eddy.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. .MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law. 6 Hobart bldg.. S32 Market st.
PROPOSALS.
DEPARTMENT of the Interior. Office of In-
dian Affairs, Washington. D. C, July 13,
1904. — Xotice is hereby given that bids for
the purchase of unleas^d segregated coal and
asphalt lands and unleaaed segregated coal
and asphalt deposits will be opened by the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs at hi« office,
in Washington, at dates as follows: For the
purchase of tracts within the McAlester Dis-
trict (No. 1), at 2 o'clock p. m. (Eastern
' time), Monday, October 3, 1904; for tracts
in the Wilburton-Stigler District (No. 2), at
2 o'clock p. m. ([Eastern time), Monday, De-
cember 5, 1904; for tracts tn the Howe-Po-
teau District (No. 3), at 2 o'clock p. m.
(Eastern time), Monday, February 6. 1905;
for tracts In the McCurtaln-Massey District
(No. 4), at 2 o'clock p. m. (Eastern time),
Monday, April 3. 1005; for tracts in the Le-
J high-Ardmore District (No. 6), at 2 o'clock
p. m. (Eastern time), Monday. June 5. 1905:
and for tracts in District No. 6 (unleased
segregated asphalt lands), at 2 o'clock p. m.
(Eastern time). Monday, August 7. 1WJ.
Circulars descriptive of the lands and deposits
to be sold . and copies of the regulations of
June 17, 1804. governing the sale of the un-
leased segregated coal and asphalt lands and
unleased segregated coal and asphalt depos-
its, may be obtained upon application to* this
office or the United States Indian Agent,
Union Agency, Muskogee, Indian Territory.
Bids must be on the prescribed form, which
will be found In the regulations. A certified
check or draft for twenty per cent of the
amount of the bid must accompany the bid.
The lands will be sold for cash, and success-
ful bidders will be required to deposit with
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs the full
amount of their respective bids within fifteen
days after receipt by them ot notice of the
acceptance of the same. If a successful bid-
der falls to comply with the terms of his bid
within the time specified the check deposited
by him as an evidence of good faith will be
forfeited to the use of the Choctaw and
Chlckaeaw nations. The right to reject any
or all bids is reserved. Deeds of conveyance
will contain a clause "subject, however, to
existing rights of way for railroads." A. C.
TONNER, Acting Commissioner. Depart-
ment of the Interior, Washington, D. C,
July 13. 10O4. Approved. THOMAS RYAN,
Acting Secretary.
NOTICE Is hereby given that sealed bids will
be received until 2 o'clock p. m., Monday,
September 12. 1904, by the Board of Con-
trol of the Territory of Arizona, at ins
office of said board in the city of Phoenix.
Arizona, for the sale ot ten bonds of the
denomination of one thousand dollars each,
numbered 11 to 20, Inclusive, bearing date
of January 1, 1904, due and payable Jan-
uary 1, 1054, bearing Interest at the rate of
5 per cent (5%) per annum, optional after
twenty-five years. Issued by the Territory
of Arizona, in accordance with the pro-
visions of Act No. 73 of the Twenty-second
Legislative Assembly of said Territory, and
which act has been approved by the Con-
gress of the United States. Said bonds be-
ing the second is?ue ot the loan authorized
by said act. Interest on said bonds will
be paid seml-annually on the first day of
January and July of each year, and both
principal and Interest payable in gold coin
of the United States at the office of the
Treasurer of said Territory. A certified
check of a responsible bank for 5 per cent
of the amount bid. payable to the order of
E. E. Kirkland, Territorial Treasurer, and
a copy of" this advertisement must accom-
pany each bid. Failure of bidder to make
payment in full upon allotment and tender
of bonds will be considered a cancellation
of the bid and the forfeiture of the check
accompanying the same. The board reserves
the right to reject any and all bids. Bids
must be sealed and addressed to the Board
of Control. Phoenix. Arizona, and marked
•'Proposals for purchase of Insane Asylum
Bonds." GEORGE E. TRUMAN. Secretary.
STOBAGE A3TO WAREHOUSES.
A— GILBERT & STOLL ' Storage Co.; storage,
packing, shipping: warehouse. G.G. and Van
Ness; office 1170 Market, r. 43; tel South 750.
A — EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.: furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard st, nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co.. 3 Eddy St.;
phone Mint 2941; JOHN F. COOPER, pres.;
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
fice Pc«t and Powell »ts. : tel. Prl. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 126.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made. 840
Mission st; tel. Howard 941. F W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 232O Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
st; tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
SWISS Relief Society, 414 Pine st. — 14, 30.
37 73. 126. 184. 207. 213, 247, 272. 286. 354.
383. 390. 403. 417, 424, 430, 480, 49O. 491. 521.
55ft 586, 670, 701, 728, 924 944, »63. 977 989
1017, 1028. 1077, 1097, 1129, 113.1, 1148. 1172,
1207, 1200, 1215 1219. 1297. 1.100, 1330, 1331
1 1363 1381, 1.1S6. 1412, 1427. 14H7, 14S3. 1514,
1524. 1360, 15B7. 1587. 15S.S. 1627. 1629. 1631
1641, 1643. 1680. 1703, 1707, 1722. 1775, 1780,
1831, 1S45, 1880. 1928. 1947. 1948. 1990. 201 1.
2071 2144, 2154, 2158. 2172. 2194. 210S, 229«.
! 2314] 2365, 23tt». 2412. 2418. 2434. 2448. 2547.
1 2558, 2582, 2611, 2^23, 2C27. 2GC0, 2038, 2733.
274t>. 2758, 2777. 27S0, 27S2. 280.1, 28S6, 2897,
' 2048 2966 2978 2990, 3ai5, 3047, 3105, 3127,
» 3147* 31R2, 3183. 3231, 3250, 3283. 3298. 3309,
3354* 3356. 3471. 34SXI. 3501, 3507, 3580. 3597.
3K56' 3604, 3669 3677. 3685, 3741. 3744. 3752,
! 3774. 3791.
f sjzjnxKyj&tttmjia Airp^^gppLma.
. THE new retail office of the White Sewiny
, Machine Co. la now open at 9J5 Market
st A great collection of beautiful art
• work Is being shown, all made on the White.
This office will be the coast sewing machine
headquarters.
I DOMESTIC — The, machine for family use: best
..Is cheapest; second-hand ' all makes at any
. price: all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic office, 1021 Market st. near Sixth.
\ TYPEWE1TE2S AST> SUPPLIES.
I AN exceptionally "good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Smith Premier, $25: otber typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50. The
Typewriter Exchange, 536 California «t
'. 2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
) "Webster Typewriting Inspec. Co.. 503 Market.
» •VTAVL '
. A WAY to health — Mothers' and daughters
l ¦ home treatment: booklet free: write for It
VI A VI CO. 2304 Van New; phono East 28S
1 ¦sHHPnslssMi 1 ~i~iHi m 1 1 1 ii~mi Ti " " " '. ¦?*. >
BEAL ESTATE— CITY— TOB SALB.^
$1 25 PER week: no irt«»r«st: lots in the Ex-
celsior Homestead Tract: all 1-vel; 'no (Trad-
ing .to do; ready to build your little horns
on; close to electric cars and school.
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery st.. room S.
$250 DOWN. bal. $20 per mn., cottaee. 5 t.
and b. ; Array St., near Church; $2250.
Building lots In the Mission on easy terma;
send for our circular.
D. COFFIN & CO.. 2303 Mission ft.
A $2000 HOME built to suit you. lot included
any location, on $1 25 per week. Mutual
Home BuilJing Association. 427 Crossley bid.
FOR sale or exchange for vacant lots. 2 flats.
5 and 6 rooms. Apply 4045 Nineteenth st.
ALL work guaranteed first class by AIIL-
BACH » MAYFR. plumber* «M Howard «t.
RT;*t. ESTATE— -COT7HTTBY— Por Sale.
AT a bargain! — A fine chicken ranch cf 20
acres, situated in the heart of a thriving city
of 70C0 Inhabitants: water ditch on the
place: will sell for part cash, or exchange.
1 for city property. Apply to 616 Sacramemo
street.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards; inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues sent fre*. C M. WOOSTEB CO..
648 Market »t
COtTOTBY PEOPEBTY WAJTa" tilt.
WANTED — About 25 acres of land; good sell;
within 75 miles of S. F. ; with or without
Improvements; state particulars. Cox 3titfc.\
Call office.
aiEKLOPABg BEAL ESTATE.
$200 PER acre — Two 8-acre and one 4-acr«
tract, back of Fair Oaks; water and koo4
j roads; last of this property left; % cash.
I Menlo Park — A fine country home. w!tl«
splendid garden and magnificent trees; well
built, old-fashioned house In good condition;
for sale at a bargain; 15 acres, all improved.
Fair Oaks^ — Land in best part of this dis-
trict; well sheltered and wooded; In tracts ot
from 4 to 25 acres; special terms to tnoa*
building immediately
SELBY. RODGER3 A CO..
Telephone Main 673. 118 California «t.
SAK MATEO BEAL ESTATB.^^
LOMITA PARK — On line of San Mateo electric*
cars; 45 minutes from 5th and Market; sewer
and water pipes to each lot; electric, lights,
etc.: 50-foot lots from $323 to $400: terms.
$10 down and $10 a month: get off at "Loralt*
Park" and Investigate; maps sent on appli-
cation.
SELBY. RODGERS & CO..
Tel. Main «73. 118 California st.
POIMT BICHMOiro SEAL ESTATE.
4 LOTS, cheap for cash. 32S Bush st. third
floor, room 4.
TO EXCHA1TQE.
20 acres of the best land in Fresno County,
carrying with it a valuable perpetual water
rient. providing
ABUNDANT WATER
For thorough irrigation at all times: 18 acres
under high state of cultivation; 1 acres ot
pasturage: 6 acres in peaches In full bearing
and choice varieties; l$i acres assorted fruits;
1V» acres muscat »rapes; some vines; 3 acres)
fine alfalfa; a substantial house of 4 rooms,
with cement wall storehouse; deep well of Hi.«
water, windmill and tank, together with neces-
sary tools, driers, trays, boxes, etc.; larga
barn; on oiled road out of Fresno; rural de-
livery; one mile from grammar and higlj
schools: owner too old to give property neces-
sary attention. This property is surroundej
by some 01 the finest orchards and vineyards
in the State. Will sell for half cash, balanc«
to remain or will exchange for umneumber-J
Sonoma County acreage. The property U en«
tirely unlneumbered. Address J. A. SILEJt.
box 3051. Call office.
REALTY EXCHANGE COMPANY.
F. A. BARK. MANAGER.
SUITE 807-80S CALL BUILDINO.
It !s frequently the case that a party w!sn*«
to sell his holdings for the purpose of reinvest-
ing the proceeds tn a different kind of property.
Our Ions: 'experience In this business enable*
os to often accomplish this double purpose of
enly one transaction. The only condition ¦»»•
make Is that your property. If you wish as to
dispose of It for you. MUST BE GOOD OF IT3
KIND AND IN A GOOD LOCATION. Don «
take op either cur time or your own wltl»
worthless offerings, or property to heavily
as to leave no actual equity.
If it has merit whether you own real estate
or a mercantile or manufacturing business,
bring a description of sanw to our office, «tat-
ing what kind cf property you prefer tn ex-
cbacgfc. and you will be surprised how quickly
we can effect ths result
THIS IS SIMPLY BECAUSE WE UNDER-
STAND THE EXCHANGE BUSINESS and ar*
the only company In San Francisco making- •
specially of same. Wa make no charge (or ad-
vertising or any other purpose unless w« pro-
cure an exchansa satisfactory to you to ac-
cept.
ALAMEDA ADVEBT'S'MTS
ALAMEDA BEAL ESTATE.
8-ROCM modern cottage: cor. Pacific ave. and
Benton ft; $1000 less than its value. Appl*
DR. HALPRUNER. 23 Cal. st. clty.2-5 p.m.
FRUITVALE ADVERT'S'TS
PBU1TVALB BEAL JESTATE^
FOR~sale — The entire stock of a 2-acre chicken
place: 12 chicken houses, wired compart-
ments, brooders, incubators, horse and wason
and everything complete for a flrst-class
place; 3C0 chickens, 40 ducka. etc.; good 5-
room house. Also large list of houses and
lots. Apply to M. H. KENISTON. cornel
Hopkins st. and Peralta ave.. Upper Fruit-
vale, Dimond Postofflce.
FOR sale — $2750; it cost $3750; rent» for $29
per month; 2 cottages on lot. 40x150. Applj
to S. S. AUSTIN. 1101 Twenty-third ave..
East Oakland.
rBXTXTVALi: HOUSES TO LET.
¦¦¦ —
FRUITVALE — Acre of land In fruit; housej
barn: 1 hour's ride from S.F.. 1223 Jackson.S3
OAKLAND ADTERT'S'M'TS
O" ICE, 1016 BROADWAY.
OAKLAKP BEAL ESTATE.
J160O — REDUCED from $5300; new colonial
house of 7 rooms, bath, two mantel*
paneled dining-room; sideboard and china
closet built in place; open and nickel
plumbing; combination gas fixtures: loi
43 feet frontage: house can be leased foi
$45 per month for three years; owner Is
St Louis and must sell; only four blociti
from business center, postofflce and nar-
row-gauge station; best neighborhood it
Oakland between Broadway and Lak»
Merritt. This Is positively an elesanl
home and a barsrain.
J. 8 MYER3.
1002 Broadway. Oakland.
BARGAIN — $300 cash, balance $30 month: (
r. and b.: laundry, pantry, electric llghta
pas lor cooking; lot 40x140; close to K«l
route station > see- the place and you wif
want It Owner. 824 Thirty-eighth st
A BARGAIN.
$3250— Store with flat above and eottas* hi
rear (corner): located In West Oakland. Appl]
to P. C. LASSEN &. CO.. 46« Tenth at. Oak*
land. Cal.
$20C0— HOUSE. 6 rooms and bath; lot 3.1:4x101;
tank and windmill. 101S Twenty-fourth st,
Oakland. Cal. ¦
OAXLA25D TT7B29TTT7BE FO3 SALT!
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furni-
ture. H. 8chelhaas.llth st.cor.store. Oakland
San Francisco Advertising
; BOOMS POjEJBCOtrSEJCEEPCTCK^^
t GEARY. 441— Housekeeping- room to let.
' GOLDEN GATE ave.. 631— Nicely furnish*
- rooms for housekeeping.
• HARRISON. 74S — Back parlor tt kitchen $13
sunny, grate, laundry; also furnished rooms
• HOWARD. "lOVj — Housekeeping rooms an*
I , others; reasonable; respectable: no transient
1 HYDE 509 — Rooms for housekeeping; reason
able."
! KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine-
Sunny, furnished 3-room suites: steam heat
• ed electric lighted; free baths; rates reas
LANGTON. 256^4 — 3 sunny nicely furnishes
rooms for housekeeplns;privat» family ;cheaj
; Continued on Page Twelve.
MISCELLANEOUS— TOE S.ME-C03.
GENTS'' full dress. Prince Albert and Tuxedo 1
suits to rent at LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 25
Stockton st.
DIAMONDS, watches and Jewelry for sale on
small weekly payments. United Loan and
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton st.
J. COOPER, gents' full-dress rental parlors,
moved from Palace Hotel to 21 Stockton st..
upstairs.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair: 1
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.., 807 Mission St.; tel Soutu 811.
BEAUTIFUL 1-karat diamond ring $80; worth
$100. GARIN 138 Montgomery st.
FOR sale— FlrBt-class new bricks. Apply DR.
C. C. O'DONNELL. 1021^ Market ct.
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market St.
SAFES and desks; new and second-hand; pricea
right at Richardson Bros.', 1816 Market 6t.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, tale, rental:
bargains. Dullard & Ereck, 131 Post st.
SOME good 2d-band gasoline engines, 1 to 12
h. p.. cheap. E. B. BECK & CO.. 122 Mkt.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery at.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
, ! WAgTS.
BIG prices paid for old gold, sealskins, dia-
monds, gents' full drees suits, etc.; send
postal card. LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 25
Stockton st.
A — MORRIS pays poflitlvely big price ladles'
fey. dresses, gents' cloth' g. Postal 822 Folsom.
BARN wanted: 7 stalls and room for 3
wagons. Apply 3 Eddy St., room 6.
HIGHEST price paid fpr castoff clothing:. TeL
Davis 825; 660 Sacramento st.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Oth at.; tel. Jessie 2851.
JMO1TETJZO iOAH^ _^
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY,
C01-002-C03 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests; assignments of rents; property In- trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
1st. 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, In city, town
or country.
Low rate of interest.
Give full particulars
of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
Box 490. Call office.
SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any orte;ccnfldentlal and courteous treatment;
call and tret terms. Drake, 453 Parrott bldg.
A — ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates; no
removal; no publicity; also on real estate;
1st or 2nd mortgage or on any security; any
amount. O. W. BECKER, 36 Geary, room 36.
HIGHLY respectablo private place to obtain
Hberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at ?.
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
846 Market: tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
MONEY loaned on diamonds. Jewelry, sealskins
and valuables; our fireproof vault is protected
from burglaries by electricity. PORTLAND
LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton; phone Bush 484.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security: easy payments; large business in 46
principal cities Tolman, 653 Parrott bide.
THE United Loan and Trust Co., 21 Stockton
st. (upstairs), loans money on diamonds, jew-
elry and valuables at 2 per cent per month;
absolute privacy. Phone Bush 4S4.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE, 907 Market st.
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
MONEY to loan at low interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at. W. J. HKSTHAL'S, 10 Sixth st.
CRESCENT Loan Co. loans to salaried people
just on their note; easy payments. 500 Rial-
to bldg.. New Montgomery and Mission sts.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos: no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery st..rm. 7.
MONEY loaned on salaries, chattel mortgages,
life insurance policies, etc. United Loan and
Trust Co., 21 Stockton st.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture, indorsed notea and other security. S.
F. Discount Agency, 143 Phelan building.
DON'T. borrow money on salary until you see
us. Hutton Credit Co., 906 Mutual Bank bldg.
LOANS to salaried people privately without se-
curity. PIONEER CO., S19 Market st.,suite 31.
ON real estate and chattels. E. W. LICK.
1003 Mutual Sav. Bank bldg., 70S Market st.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 311, Mutual Sav. Bk. bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds and jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank, 538 Kearny.
3 % ON furniture & pianos; $13 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81, 6 Eddy st.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndorser. MORELL. 6C9 Examiner building.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
MOOTJWAKTED.
BY business man In responsible position, loan
$100; 90 days; 2 per cent. Box 3901, Call.
MUSICAL =KSTRTJUIE2;T3.
HEADQUARTERS for renting pianos — Little
pianos for small rooms, medium size for
average rooms, big pianos for large parlors,
halls, etc.; pianos for rent at $1 per mo.,
eome at $2, a large number of good ones at
$2 50 per mo. : cur own make pianos at $3
per mo (the best instrument offered for the
money in S. F.); a fine line ot elegant large
pianos for $4 and $5 per mo.; over 150 in-
struments to select from, all of them good
bargains to buy as well as rent; one year's
rental allowed off purchase price. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560-64 Hayea St.
A FEW exceptional bargains; ali upr:*V.«i:
Heine grand. $475; Gabler. $350; Krell. $375:
Heine $235; Steinway. $325; Mason & Ham-
lln. $285; Knabe, $160; Fischer, $115; Behr
Bros., $187; Crown. $140; KImball. $65; Em-
erson, $125; Occidental, $40; Conrard. $97;
Collard $55; investigate our new rent and
purchase system: $2 per month up. HEINE
PIANO CO., 235-237 Geary sU; Oakland.
.. 1252 Broadway.
A BUNCH of uprights; easy payments.
",Erard; small upright for practice $40
Woodworth; Allovon; splendid order .$65
Wagner; perfect condition; a snap $110
Neumann; .mahogany case; a bargain.... $125
Estey; mahogany case; perfect order... $199
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 18 O'Farrell st.
A PIANO free for one month; If you want to
rent after that money applied on purchase
price. HEINE PIANO CO., 237 Geary st.
ONE month piano rent free on pianos rented
in July and August. BRUENN. 225 Sutter.
A FISCHER upright. piano for sale; as good as
new: $135. 217 Geary st. -;-.:-!¦
$60 FOR. a fine upright. If you want a bargain
call at HORNUNG'S, 216 McAllister st
SOHMER Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecelian piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Po3t st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
mentg. SCHMITZ & CO-. 16 McAllister st.
3-PEDAL Steinway' up ;Chlckering baby grand;
Shoninger. little" used. Keefte's. 2S5 O'Farrell.
MATTBESSES AXTO PILLOWS.
TO order;renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process): excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKE
BROS., 1432-34 Howard st.; phone South 216.
orriCE^^TO j^ossajro^MT.^^
A — SMALL office and desk room In light.
, pleasant office. 36 Geary «t.
PHY3ICIAH3 AND SUSOEOK3.
DR C. C. O'DONNELlr — Office and residence,
1021'4 Market st.. bet 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLO6D skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 107316 Market st.
REMOVED — DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor.
treats all . diseases ' of the human body ; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason st, now lo-
cated at 667 Geary st.. near Leavenwonh.
WONG WOO the famous herb doctor — All dls-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay at
DR. WONG HON. 319 Powell et, tea and herb
sanitarium: diseases skillfully treated.
PABTKEBS WANTED.
CAPITALIST Of commercial spirit to push
sales estab. proprietary article. • 3058, Call.
_HEjTjP_WA23"TE1J — MALE— Continued.
A— MURRAY~sT nKAT)Y7GH-m^ciay Bt.
Phone Main 584S.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
We speak the German, French, Italian,
Scandinavian, Greek, Spanish, Slavonian and
Danish languages.
1903 We Gave" 1904 We Hope to
CO.OCO Men Work. Increase 00,000.
He has arrived. Now at our offic*.
Representative of the United States
Government work being done close to
Wadsworth. in State of Nevada.
Cost oniy $1 office fee. See boss
Mucker?, $75. See boss.
Teamsters, $75. See boss.
"Laborers, $75. See boss. ;
Drillers, $90. . See boss.
Concrete mixers, $75. See boas.
FOR LUMBER SYNDICATES.
MILLS. WOODS AND FACTORIES.
45 laborers for mills and yards, $00.
NO EXPERIENCE WANTED.
63 laborers for woods and camps," $60.
YOU'LL SUIT; TAKE IT.
155 laborers to build extension of R. R. for
this lumber company in woods, $C0.
ANY I.AbOhEK WILL bO.
(15 men. do anything, box factories. $60.
STEADY JOB YEAR ROUND.
45 boys, different easy Jobsi, mills, $30 fd.
CALL EARLY— GO MAKE MONEY.
12 four-horse teamsters, $75.
ARE YOU A DRIVER?
12 wheeler drivers, steady work, '$75.
PREPARING L. R. R.
65 laborers to repair R, R. in woods, $67 BO.
MECHANICAL.
4 bench hands, planing mill, $3 60 day.
12 coopers, 10c barrel; 5 door moldera, $3.
Head lineman, woods, $75.
3 spool tenders and other mill . and woods
help.
« good iron molders, nteady, good jobs.
TINSMITH, $3 50.
12 carpenters, different city and country Jobs,
$3 to $4 day
6 painters, house work, city job, $3 day.
HODCARRIER. $3 50.
Tool sharpener, oii wells, boss here, $2 50.
6 blacksmiths, different jobs, $3, $2 50 day.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay 6t.
GOLD~MINES.
16 machine miner*, $90 and $S2 CO.
5 furnace men for mlnee, $40 and found.
YOUNG MEN LKARN MINING.
12 young men to work about mines, $30 fd.
FARMS— STABLES.
16 men for farms, $30, $35, $15 found. r
5 stablemen, city and country, $30 to $50 fd.
Milkers, choreboys and men, other help
Budder, nursery, fare $1, $1 .50 day found.
OIL FIELDS.
12 laborers, experience not wanted, $67 60.
TEAMSTERS AND LABORERS.
10 teamsters, different city and country Jobs,
$60.
15 laborers, different city and country Jobs,
500.
12 plow teamsters, construction work, $67 60.
MONTEREY BY THE SEA.
15 laborers, can you handle a shovel? $67 50.
BANKING SYNDICATE.
35 laborers, special R. R. car to-day, $87 50
VARIOUS POSITIONS.
Boy, carpet, city warehouse, $6 week.
2 boya, learn upholstering trade, $6 week.
German boy, learn sausage-making, $15 fd.
Young man, 16 to 18 years, drive light
wagon, $2 day.
Night watchman, run elevator, references,
$20 found.
Young man for city store. $9 week.
2 experienced men, bottling works, $60.
MURRAY & READY.
031-C3C Clay «t.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
13 hotel and B. H. cooks, $35, $40, $50, $60.
4 cooks for ranches, $20, $3o, $35 found.
3 cooks, haypress camps, $25. $30, $35 found.
"dishwashers, porters, bell and
elevator boys. /
12 waiters, different city, country Jobs, $30,
$40
Pantryman. $35 found. .^
BUTCHERS.
Butcher, fare 50c, $30 to $35 found.
Cattle man. stock man, $30 found.
LAUNDRY.
Ironcr, country laundry, $15 week.
2 starch ironers, country, $12 week.
BAKERS.
2 boys for bakery, $25 found: 2 bedmakers.
Baker, ices, etc.. hotel. S40 found.
ARE YOU MARRIED?
Man and wife, orchard, wife cook, $55 fd.
4 other nven and wlve3, $40, $50 to $60.
MURRAY & READY, C34 and C36 Clay st.
GO TO
Los Angeles, San Bernardino,
Highlands, Pomona, Redlands,
Riverside Districtn.
Center of the great orange and lemon belt,
where the «un shines" year round; any man
can work every day. ;'
. 555 •><-_ *..->- " .- ..»-
Teamsters wanted, you'll suit, $60. .
FARE ONLY $4 CO. BY SANTA FE R. R.
MURRAY & READY, 034 and 636 Clay st.
IT'S NEW IT'S NEW. IT'S NEW.
WORK.
155 Italian laborers, $C0.
155 Austrian laborers, $00.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
CARPENTERS.
1C carpenters, city Jftb, $4 day.
2 blacksmiths, Nevada 8tate, $60 and found.
ROCK FOREMAN— $3 50 DAY.
Gang ed^erman, $W> to $90 and found. '
05 woodchoppers. different Jobs, $1 75 cord.
5 IRON MOLDERS.
2 brushmakfrs, $1 to $1 20 per M.
GOLD MINE BOSS HERE.
4 machine miners, $82 50.
4 chuck tenders. $75.
4 laborers. $G7 50.
Waiter, mine, milk 2 cows, $25 and found.
FOREMAN BITUMINOUS WORK.
Bench hand, planing mill, fare $1. $3 50 day.
House man. private Job, $20 and found.
Trimmer man, lumber company. $40 to $50
and found.
Painter, carriage works, city, $3 50 day.
Man and wife, . creamery, no experience,
$C0 and found.
Cashier, city restaurant, $40 and found..
7 teamsters, fare $1 25. ranch. $32 50 fd.
Man to run skin and hide wagon, city, $60.
¦ Barboy, help housekeeper, fare 20c, $20 fd.
Fireman, do little blacksmlthing, dredger,
$40 and found. j
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay »t.
CIRCULAR SAWYER, $3.
10 laborers, special job to-day, $67 50.
Jack screwer for woods $40 and found.
GANG EDGERMAN, $100.
10 laborers, big mine CO., you'll do, $82 50.
Teamster, special Job city. $60
HE SAID SO.
Send 16 4-horse teamsters. $32 50 and found,
fare $1.
BANK PRESIDENT.
Pantryman, hotel. $25 and found.
Young man. Icecream parlors. $8 week.
Second cook, hotel, fare $3. $35 and found.
Cook, 5 men, S. M. Co.. fare $1, $30 found.
2 bellboys, $15 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
WANTED— A Catholic boy, from 14 to 1C years
of age, to do chores about a private place;
wages $10 to $15 a month and board. Ad-
dress box 4100. Call office.
YOUNG grocery clerk, about 17 years old, one
that lives with his parents. 473 Fourth st.
BARBERS — 3-chair shop; no reasonable offer
refused. 1090 Valencia st.
A HEBREW gentleman who Is a good sales-
man; member of Jewish society preferred:
salary and commission to right man; also a
man as sub-manager of agents; references
necessary. Box 3972. Call office.
WANTED — Dry goods delivery router; one
who has had local experience; married man
preferred: will pay liberal salary; state
age, experience and where previously em-
ployed. Apply box 3960, Call office.
MEN to learn barber trade; oniy eight weeks
required, constant practice and expert in-
struction; positions securfd: special induce-
ments this month; catalogue mailed free.
Moler System College. C35 Clay st.
TflE Pacific Mutual Life wants two good men
Tor field work: territory given; new con-
tracts; new talk; be ambitious. Call and see
State superintendent, room 32. ;
WANTED — Educated gentleman who has good
knowledge of encyclopedia work; salary $1000
per year with additional bonus; first-class
references required. Box 3029, Call office.
WANTED — Men and women to prepare for
Government positions. Apply for free cata-
logue giving particulars. Pacific Correspond-
ence Institute, Grant bldg., 1095 Market fit.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
1 that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third St.; 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
WANTED — Young man who is a thoroughly
experienced dry-gooda bundle wrapper. Ap-
ply bet. 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS'.
Contractors and employers of labor throughout
the State to communicate with Independent
Employment Agency, 612 Merchant st.. S. F.
AN experienced wrapper wanted by retail
clothing store; steady position; state age;
muet have city references. Box 3971, ; Call.
WANTED— Two good all-around tinners. PA~.
CIFIC STAMPING AND METAL WORKS.
: 210 Davis tt. . . ¦ ¦ . .
CARPENTERS wanted — Two flrst-class Job-
bers. J. ALEXANDER BOVYER. 1719 Sac-
ramento st. ¦ -• . '
AN experienced wrap'per wanted by retail
clothing store; good salary and steady pobI-
tion to right party. Box 3054, Call office.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
express- or mail charges. 11 3d st-.t^xam. bid.
WANTED — Man to do Janitor work for his tul- '
tion In S. F. Barber School. 741 A Howard.
WANTED — Boy to carry out bread and help od
cakes. 10S0 Clay Et.. corner of Mason.*
HE1P WAWTZD—MALE — Contlnned.
ADVERTISER wanted — Young man with <
college education, who has taken a special
English course and is llterarily Inclined;
good opportunity for capable party; etate •
age experience if any, and salary expected. J
Apply box 3959. Call office. -
"WANTED — Men and boys to learn plumbing
trade; Coyne Bros. Co. School of Practical •
Plumbing; send for catalogue. Address 4973-5
Easton ave., St. Loul«, Mo. ,
BF.ICKLAYERS wanted to Doint terracotta. '
Fairmont Hotel. -
A COOK, male or female.. 701. Battery st.
INDUSTRIOUS German; tending bar; wine- •
house; state references. Box 3930. Call.
MAN to take printing; orders. Apply 619 Fll- :
bert bU ¦
LABOR debts collected: aults, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co.. 328 Montgy..r, 415.
SAILORS and younpr men (green hands) for ¦
ships. HALLBBRT, 517 Jackson st. !
PENSION Atty., E.A.Bullis, r.40, Phelan bldg.
Past Com. Gk>. H- Thomas Post, G. A. R.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of
the world at HERMAN'S. 27 Steuart at.
"WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms: 35c night; readlng-roooms; >
free 'bun and baggage to and from ferry.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at '
Call Branch ofnce.cor.Duncan and Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call ror the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 100S Market Bt., opposite Fifth, i
Open until 11-p. m. .
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged half I
price. 5G3 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts. I
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting- 25c I
to 50c. 5(33 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts I
)-
SALESMEN. ¦
WANTED — An experienced salesman to acTas
manager for this city; some mechanical ex-
• perience necessary In plumbing and heating-
bright future for right party. Address box
3970, Call office. .
SOLICITORS. .
WANTED— An experienced solicitor for a
leading business eolkee; references ex-
changed. Address ,D. O WRIGHT, room
406. Call building, San Francisco. .
HOB3ES iASP WAGONS.
AUCTION eale every Tuesday; horsesTwagona^
surreys, buggies, carts and harness; at 1140
Foleom et.
FINE river bottom pasturage: green feed year
round; near Black Diamond, Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables, 190 Stevenson, S.F.
MUST sell, bay mare, 8 years old. 1225 lbs.;
worth $125; will sell for $75. 1615 Eddy st!
A FINE horse for sale. Inquire at frultstore,
corner Hyde and Jackson streets. \
SWELL double team: solid rubber-tire buggy,
j3hafts. pole, harness; $1. 397 Bush, r. 801.
FINE lady's phaeton for sale cheap at 956
Harrison St., near Sixth.
WANTED- To buy a good sound horse, broken
to drive or rjdo. Address box 2282, Call.
FINE new business bug-gy, also second-hand
buggies chen p. 523 Fulton st.
WAGONETTES, curreys. buggies, wagons, har-
ness. work and driving horses. 15th -Valencia.
HOUSES TO LET. ™
A— PRINTED list of houses to let;send for cir-
cular. G.H.UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery.
JONES, 1S07— Sunny house, 8 rooms; bath;
marine view; garden; rent reasonable to
right parties.
BEAUTIFUL RESIDENCE "NOlT~inLL ,"'"
FURNISHED.
To let for one year; owner to. room and board
with family. Apply at 819 California et., or
room 24, 405 Montgomery st.
GOLDEN GATE ave., S09— 8-room private
rooming-house: completely furnished; call
from 10 to 5. '.', .
JEtOUSES^PyjaHISBnED — FOB SALE.
A HOUSE of 10 roonisi.faicely furft,; rent $S0;
'.'. "ft-ater free; learef. no* agent. -407 ¦ O'Farrell.
STOCK " now on sale for the erection of the
- Pythian Castle on Golden Gate ave. I can
show- a. 10 per cent dividend buyer. Par
value of stock, $1 in blocks of 5 shares and
up. A. D. RENFRO. 213 Crossley building.
IBTVAXXD CHAIRS.
SOLD, rented, exchanged; . manufacturers of
Eames tricycle chair. 201S Mkt.: tel.Park 775.
LOST AWS rOPHD.
FOUND — The next three months, choicest cut
flowers and all descriptions rioral work at
one- third the regular prices; under contract
and muat sell; 2 store*, 311 Sutter and 1204
Sutter. EHIBELEY, THE FLORIST.
LOST — Sunday night. ' lady's double-case gold
watch; initials ineide, M. J. S. Liberal re-
ward U returned to W. H. SCHAD, 3 Hardy
. place.
LEFT in Market-street car Sunday afternoon,
package containing ore samples and badge-
reward. Box 3925, Call office.
LOST — Coin and checks In leather bags,
wrapped In paper. Liberal reward 40 Geary.
LOST — At grocers' picnic, pair of gold glasses;
ltberal reward. 400 Jones st.
LOST — Monday night, brooch, gold leaves and
pearls. Suitable reward, 701 Call building.
j I.ATJlTCgES rOS HIBB.
C. a! McNEILL, LAUNCH CO., foot of Clay
St.; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
J. Michaelis Launch Co., Unlon-st. Wharf; boat-
Ing & excursions. 6 Steuart st. ;tel. John 26SH.
MEDICAL.
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relief
from Irregularities consult me; my methods
are painless and reliable; no failures; no ex-
orbitant fees. CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE',. 17 years' experience In all fe-
male disorders; call or write. DR. WHITE.
702 Market tA., room* 7 and 8.
LADIES— If you are in trouble, confide In me.
Relief for Irregularities. Help for the un-
fortunate. My time Is devoted exclusively to
these conditions. I'm the only GRADUATE
physician here who can say this. Call or
write. Confidential. Est. 14 yrs. DR. R. H.
WESTON, olfloe 305 KEARNY ST.
MRS. DR. WTETH, specialist for all female
complaints and irregularities; instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. 826 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable 6peciallst~fo7a7f fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 100S& Market st., opp. 5th.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL — All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office 1013 Market st.
MRS. DR. GWYER, 511A Leavenworth St.. be- '
tween Geary and O'Farrell. , .
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1120 Market.
L/DIES — Kurnround: safe, sure, never fails;
$2. Gleason-Rugglesjprug Co., Kearny & Clay.
DR. ROSEN resides 2995 Folsom St.. corner
2Cth; ladies, relief or no fee; $10.
M MISCEIiIjAITEOTTS— rOB_SALB,
2D-HAND machinery, encines. boilers, pumps,
.pulUys,- shafting, etc., etc., bought, sold,
: rented -and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
' H. 3. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK? '
Repair It with elaterite, in rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
iron, tin or shingles: best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO., 713 Market st.
FOR sale, ; cheap— 3 full-blooded Irish I setter
pups by Conn A. and Mo! lie Elcho, by Swift,
by Rosa Elcho. registered. F. WAXON. 1009
: T St., Sacramento, " Cal. \, , .
A'-- BU YS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
' etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear it.
FOR sale — New cash register; used only 2
months; cheap for cash. Call 529 Green-
wich «t.
ENGINE and boiler: 6 horsepower; on wheels-
. tine condition; very cheap. 1504 Seventh St.,
Oakland.
ONE 80. H. P. boiler, wool presses, shafting,
pulleys, colls, belts, iron doors. 380 Town-
; ; send st. r. - - ' '¦-': > : , ¦¦¦ • -.' . :. . . ,. . . . \ . : ; ¦
DIAMONDS and Jewelry on small ¦ weekly or
1 monthly payments. DEREMER'S. 137 Mont-
gomery st.. room 12, upstairs.. .
2D-HAND build 1 * material, lumber.doors.sash,
1 plumb, material. The Dolan Co.. 1607 Market.
¦FREE TO WANT ADVERTISERS IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL25 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 53 00
205 Honokaa S Co 12 75
23 Hutchinfeon S P Co 8 S7Vi
50 Paauhau S P Co 13 87>i
CO Spring Valley Water Co 37 00
$4,0(0 Los Angeles Ry 5 per cent 115 25
J1.000 Sierra Ry of Cal 6 per cent.. 105 00
S.-..0W) 8 P of Arizona (1909) 107 23
$1,000 Spring Valley 6 per cent 107 00
Street —
23 Giant Powder Con 60 25
Afternoon Session.
Board —
10 California Win* Association... 83 00
83 Maka well 23 75
M> S F Gas & Electrld, s 90 60 75
60 S F Gas & Electric CO 75
?1,000 Blerra Ry of Cal 6 per cent..lC8 00
$2,000 Spring Val Water gen mtge 4s. 38 00
$1,000 S P of Arizona (1910), ¦ 5.. 108 50
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask.J 'Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC 6s. — 80 |SF & NP 5s. — 1)0%
B L Wat 6s. — 117 S P C R 4s. — 100
Cal NW 5s.. — 11216IS P Co 4Hs.lC0ti —
M C Wat 5s.l00 — Sun Tel 5s... 10.:'
Rls I Wka 5s — 105 8utter-st R5s.lC6 113
BF Drdk 5s. — 113% UK of SF 4s. 8414 85
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co... — SO Nev Nat Rk.107', —
Cal Cot Mils 80 — N S H R Co. 9>4 —
Cal G&ECor. 48 — N Cal P Co. 9«i 9%
C Jockey Cl. — 120 Oak Bk Sav.120 —
Cal Powder. — 150 Oak T Con.. 75
Cal Ship Co. — 25 IOOF Hall A « — >
Cal T I & T.115 — Orpheum Co.. — 15^4
Cen Bk. Oak — 65 PacC Cas Co. 130
Chutes Co .. — 7 Pac S Tel Co.101%103
Kast Dynm..23O — Pac Sur Co. 105
DpntPwd pfd — 86 Paraf Paint.. 38 —
Do com .. — 60 S F Drydock. 60 —
FX Bk. Oak. 120 — SF&SJ Coal. — 2.1
Fischer Thtr 60o — S J Wat Co. — 108
Frnch-A Bk.lOG 110 SO & MTkM.125
Gas Con A.. — 20% Swiss-A B!c..ll5 —
Hono P Co.. 22 25 Truck Elect.. 11 —
Lon& SF Bk. — (V) UR InC pfd. 49H —
Mat Nav Co. — 80 Do com ... lift —
Morning Session.
Street —
BO Northern Cal Power Co 0 75
60 Pacific States Tel & Tel Co. .102 00
Afternoon Session.
Boaro^™" ¦
»e,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent. 84 75
California Stockand Oil Exchange
Oil Stock.- ~ Bid. Asked.
yV polio •••••••. •••••«.•••.. .... * 4Q
Associated Truet Cert 19 '>q
Aztec eg
California Standard js "jj
Caribou •••¦¦ 4 05 4 SO
Chicago Crude 19
Claremont go
Four V. C5 70
Fulton 1 25
Hanford ....16100 "" I
Home 1 32H 1 46
Imperial 17 25
Independence 28 "7
Kern 6 00
Kern River ,' 11 75 .."
Monarch of Arizona 30
Mcnte Crlsto 65 - C6
Occidental of W Va 05 , ,
Oil City Petroleum 59
Pitteburg 06
Reed Crude 160
S F & McKittrlck 8 00
Senator 60 ....
Superior 04
Thirty-three - .... 8 25
Twenty-eight 8 25* 10 00
Monarch (pool) .... 23
Miscellaneous —
Chutes Company 6 00 6 75
Fischer's Theater 100
Northern Cal. Power 9 00 9 8714
8ALES. .,., ™
Morning: Session.
Board — T
1500 Independence 27
Street—
600 Independence 27
Afternoon Session.
Board —
200 Independence 27
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
! dsco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
i 800 Alpha. 14i 100 Julia 14
200 Alpha 15 600 Mexican 82
200 Bullion 30 100 Ophir 2 40'
600 Bullion ...... SI 100 Potosl jo \
100 Confidence .... 70 100 Scorpion 08 :
800 Exchequer ... 61| 100 Silver Hill .."63
Afternoon Session.
800 Alta 13| 600 Overman ..... 08
600 Bullion .. 3O| COO Potosl 17
S0O Gould A Cur. 19 200 Scorpion ...... 09
200 Julia 14| 100 Union Con ->4
i 200 Mexican . S4| 209 Yellow Jacket. 16
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Paclfio
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
400 Andes ...... i 19 100 Ophlr .2 40
1C0 Bullion '. 30 200 Overman .... OS
100 Caledonia ... 39 200 Potosl 15
600 Caledonia ... 40 600 Potosl ....... ift
600 Chollar 15 200 Savage .. . «3
100 Chollar 16 600 Seg Belcher .. 04
1 100 Crown Point. 11 400 Yellow Jacket 10
100 Mexican . S3 400 Yellow Jacket. 17,
Afternoon Session. - j
800 Alpha ....... 15 10O Mexican ..... 84!
100 Andes ........ 20 200 Mexican ..... S3
200 Best & Belch. 65 :200 Ophlr ........2 40
200 Caledonia ... 40 200 Savage ..... «>a
100 Con C & Va.l 15) 100 Sierra Nev .. 21
20«) Julia ........ 13' 100 Sierra Nev "Z
200 Justice 09] 500 Yellow Jacket. 17
FATAL— Arrived Aug 11— Stmr Neapolitan
Prince," from New York, via Naples and
Palermo. "-^SMSB* **3*Vnf*V
HAMBURG — Arrived Aug 11— Etmr Deutsch
lan<V_.f rom New York, via Plymouth . and
Cherbourg.,. : ; ¦ •
NEW TORK— Sailed Aux 11— Stmr Grosser
Kurt urst, for Bremen, via PI ymouth and Cher
bourg; stmr La Gascowie, for Havre: atmr
Numidian. for Glasgow, via Liverpool.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Aug 10— Stmr Iver
nla. from Boston. Aug 11 — Stmr Teutonic,
from New. York.
Sailed Aug 11— Stmr Tunisan. for Montreal,
via Movllle.
LONDON— Arrived Auh 10— Stmr Lancas
trian, from Boston.
CHERBOURG — Arrived Aug 11— Stmr
Deutschland, from, New York, via Plymouth,
for Hamburg; strar Bremen, from New. York,
via Plymouth, foe Bremen.
MARSKILLLES— Arrived Aug 0— Stmr Pa
trla. from New Tork.
STETTIN — Arrivtd Ati* 9— Stmr Willehad.
from New York, via Christianla ¦ and Copen
hagen.
GENOA— Arrived Aug 10— Stmr Algeria,
from New York. , via Naples.
GLASGOW — Arrived Aug 10— Etmr Cartha
genian, from Philadelphia, via St Johns. N F.
QUEENSTOWN — Sailed : Aug 11 — Stmr
Koordlaxid, for Philadelphia: stmr Oceanle,
from LlvenSool. for New York. PWWM
Sailed Aug 11— Stmr Dolphin, for Skagway;
Br. stmr Princess Beatrice, for Vancouver;
stmr Umntllla. for Sriii Francisco: Br stmr
Danube, for Queenstown.
r*-..i» r OCEAN STEAMERS.
VICTORIA— Arrived Auj? 11— Stmr Dolphla,
from Seattle.
PORT TOWNSEND — Sailed Aug 11 — Br stmr
M S Dollar, for Shanghai. '
TATOOSH— Passed in Aug 11 — Stmr Mon
tara hence Aug S for Seattle.
SEATTLE— Arrived Aug 11— Stmr Valencia,
from Skugway. • _ ¦
Sailed Aug 11— Stmr St Paul, for San Fran-
EUREKA— Sailed Aug 11— Stmr Pasadena,
for San Pedro: stmr Chas Nelson, for San
Francisco. _*O
ABERDEEEN — Sailed Aug 11— Stmr Che
halis, for Ban Pedro; stmr G C Lindauer, for
San Franclsoo; schr G W Wateon. for San
Pedro. '
Arrived Autt 11— Schr Jennie "Wand, hence
July 26. ¦ •
BELLINOH AM— Sailed Aur H — Br ship
County of Kinross, for Queenstown.
FOREIGN PORTS.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Thursday. Aurust 11.
Schr Excelsior, TroCgett. C day» from Grays
Harbor.
Schr Jaw A Garfleld. Xorby. « days from
Grays Harbor.
Schr Coquelle, Peterson, 4 days from Co
qullle River.
Stmr Gipsy. Gray. 24 hours from Monterey.
SAILED.
Thursday, August 11.
Stmr South Bay, Jamieson, Eureka.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SUES FOR INJURIES.— John Lahallle Jr.,
by his father, John Lahallle 8r., yesterday
began cult against the National Electric Com
pany for $S0OO damages for injuries alleged to
have been received by the boy on January 6
while in the employ of the company as a
"helpar." It is j pleaded that he was Inex
perienced in the operations of machinery and
suffered serious burns by the explosion of a
ganoline torch which he had placed, under in
struction*, below a Journal.' He was in the
hospital for five weeks.
Dr. J. A. Noble reported to the po
lice last night that he had been robbed
of a purse containing $60. The theft
occurred in Noble's room at the Palace
Hotel while the physician was answer
ing a call to the death room of Eu
gene Bissell, who committed suicide.
Physician looses " His Purse.
Alex GregKains has clinched the
fight between Jimmy Gardner and Joe
Gans for next month. The fight fans
consider this the choicest match that
could be made. The men are to meet
late in September and have agreed to
weigh In at 136 pounds at 6 o'clock.
Gans suggested this weight and Gard
ner accepted it without hesitation.
Gardner flghts Canole on September 6*
and will then come West.
Gam-Gardner Match Clinched.
George D. and LlMe B. Toy to Jam«s F.
Pressley. lot on W line of Twentieth avenue
100 N of Lake street, N 25 by W 120; $10. i
StejJien J. and Eleanor L. Tichenor to Solo- I
mon Getz. lot on NB corner of Clement street !
and Twenty-flret avenue, E 32:0 by N 100- »1O.
Joseph and Mary EX Seidle to Mary B. Rus
sell, lot on W line of Fifteenth avenue, 125 N
of Point Lobos avenue, N 25 by W 120; also
lot on SW corner of Clement street and Tenth
avenue, S 50 by W 120: $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Hiber
nia Savings and Loan Society and Robert J.
Tobln, lot on SE corner of B street and Thirty
ninth avenue. B 178:8. SW 286:11. W 113:9. ,
N 252; also lot on NW corner of Thirty-ninth !
avenue and A street W 53:3 NB 220:1 S
213:7; _$ — -.
J. W. Wright & Sons Investment Company
to Harriet E. Ormfby, lot on E line of For
tieth avenue, 100 S of Point Lobos avenue,
6 SO by E 120; $10.
Solomon and Dora Get« to Robert M and
Edwin H. Bacon, lot on 3 line of H street.
107 :CW of Forty-seventh avenue. W 28 by S
Albert Meyer to Joslah R. Howell lot on 8
line cf H street. S2:6 E of, Twentieth avenue,
E 25 by S 100; $10. '
Kate S. Ormond Flood or Kate S. Ormond
to Ethel O. Flood (wife of A, M.) lot on E
line of Thirty-nnt avenue, 123 S of I street I
S 25 by E 120; girt.
Same to J. Allyn Ormond, lot on E line of
Thirty-first avenue. 160 S of I street 8 25
by E 120, quitclaim deed; gift.
George N. Chase to Daniel D. Wheeler, lot
on W line of Ninth avenue, 150 S of N street,
8 60 by W 120; $1.
Daniel D. and Nannie P. Wheeler to Ed
mond D. Keeffe. same; $10.
Julius C. Reis to Joseph and Annie. Herzog
lots 1. to lfl. block 24. Reis Tract; grant !
George and Kate Ryan to -William J. Slat
tery. lot on SE line of Prcclta avenue. 100 SW
of Ryan avenue, SW 25 by SB 105. lot 1
George Ryan's subdivisions of Preclta Valley
blocks 219 to 223; $10
Edward D. Swift to Arthur J. and Anna
I- Ife lot 3, block D. French & Gilman
T ra. c t * * 1 0 . | ;
Joseph F. Dolan to Mary E. Traynor (wife
of Thomas), lots 434 and 436 Gift Map 1; $10
S. Ducaa Company to (1) Pletro Mautlno
*t al.. lots 10. 12. 14. 16. 18. 20, 22. 24 26
28. JBO 34. 86. 38 and 40. block O, Silver Ter-
Gu'stave and Christina Anderson to* Julea
and Angela Vlgouroux. lot on E line 'of Har
rison street. 100 N of Army, N 25 by B 100;
Builders' Contracts. $
" E«c u y v « committee of the ' Twenty-ninth
Triennial Conclave (owners) with "AIT Deve
reux Jr. (contractor). architect— Five re
viewinc stands on SE corner, of Fell street
and Van Ness avenue, NE corner of Fell street
and Van Ness avenue, 6W corner of Hayes
Btreet and Van Ness avenue. SE corner of Pine
street and Van Ness avenue, SW corner of
Sutler street and Van Ness avenue; $2380.,
Sharon Company (owners) with Wil
liam F\ Wilson Company (contractors),' archi
tects Reid Bros.— Remodelinr of certain plumb
ing for Grand Hotel on the SE corner or Mar
ker and New Montgomery streets, extending
to Stevenson; $2779 75.
J. Labourdette (owner) with Garner & Mor
ris (contractors), architect Jules Godart— AH
work for a one-story frame building (two cot
tages and basement) on SW line of Sixth ave-
V^\ S 2i£K,, 250 fect SE of M street S, SE
50 by SW. 100.- block 12-.'. Central Park Home
stead Association; $3805 ¦ ¦ ¦ . ¦
/CO. Larson (owner) with Fred C. C. An
derion (contractor), architect C. A. Meuss
dorffer—Brick and terra cotta work, sandstone
granlto blocks, steel and iron work for a six
story and baeement brick building and altera
tions to a three-story and basement brick
£- ?¦£? on N Iln * °f Eddy street. 137:6 feet
S9S30 on - E 25> N C5:8 ' N 24 - E 7£i ' s S9: «:
S u me . ow - ner wlth c - P.. Moora (contractor),
architect eame— Carpenter " and u mill work,
lathing and plastering, hardware, cooper, gal
vanJzed iron and tin work, tinning, composition
roofing, glazing, marble and tiling for sam« on
tame, fcJ<lU, BMtS2M^Ktt9L
Barings and Loan Society to Richard Cos
tello. lot on W line of Prescott Court 07:6 S of
Vallejo street, S 20 by W 57:6- Jl
William F. Clark to Adelaide C. Clark, un
divided one-half Interest In lot on W line of
Minnesota stieet. 00 N of Colusa, N 76 by W
lvvj *10.
Robert t,. Johnston to Henry C Gorton lot
on S line of Twenty-second street. 108 W of
Castro. W 75 by a 114; $10.
Henry and Amle Mau to Board of Education
of San Francisco,, lot on SW corner of Eliza
beth and Douglass streets. W'l25 by S 64;
Savings and Loan Society to Michael Moetele
lot on W line of Collins street. 160 S of Point
Lobos avenue. S 25 by W 120, block C, Juniper©
Homestead; 51.
Eugene Thlele to Catherina Malson, lot on N
line of Nineteenth street. 81:11 W of Guerrero,
NW 121). B 10. S S3. E 8:«. S 36 W :7.
thence 60 to becinnlngr: $10.
Annie and Thomas Madlran to Antonio and
Margarita Fantina, lot on S line of Twenty
second etreet. 75 E of Guerrero, E 25 by S
Eleanor 8.. Adelaide. Charles J. and Georrs
F. Freeborn to Rose Stahl (wife of Adolph).
lot on NE corner of Jackson ana Gouch streets
mSEW l E 602;% C 10 S m:S *' W 62:1 ' §
THURSDAY, AUGUST ,11.
REAIi ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Third class — Miss C. T. Tra4T«rnar vs. Miss
J. Picker: Miss B. Gardiner vs. Miss B. Wal
thew; Mies C. Wagg vs. Miss M. Tragernar;
Miss H. Levison vs. Miss B. Culley; Miss A.
Greenenberg, a bye. *>
Second class— Mist V. Crocker vs. Miss X.
Duncan; Miss V. Beyfuss vs. Miss D. Weed:
Miss I. Mearos vs. Miss E. Hess; Miss M.
Worcester vs. Misa G. Myer; Miss A. Sea vs.
Miss A. Bodden.
The Ladies' Annex to the Golden
Gate Tennis Club will hold a class
singles tournament to-morrow on the
park courts. As there are no first
class players only those In the second
and third classes will compete. The
winner of the second class will re
ceive a racket, to be won twice. The
third class players will compete for a
cup. The drawing which was held
last night resulted as follows:
Class to Meet on Golden Gate
Park Courts.
Players of the Second and Third
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued Froni Pace 13.
FAER RACKET WIELDERS
WIDLi COMPETE IX SINGLES
Californlans in New York.
NEW YORK, Aug. 11. — The fol
lowing Calif ornians are registered In
New York:
, From San Francisco — Dr. F. A.
Bliss, at the Continental: O. W. Ever
ett, at the Park Avenue; Mrs. C. F.
Knewing, at the Victoria; P. C. Mills,
at the Albert; F. A. Brooks, at the
Vendome; J. McLaln, at the Herald
Square; Miss W. V. Peralta and Miss
H. B. Waters, at the Broadway Cen
tral; E. H. Bradley, at the Cadillac;
M. H. Hames, at the Westminster; G.
R. Newcomb, at the Wellington; M. F.
Sanders, at the Grand Union, and J.
Vapptatz, at the Savoy.
From Los Angeleti — Miss Myers, at
the Wellington; J. W. Parker, at the
Park Avenue, and Miss Hathaway and
G. H. Stewart, at the St. Denis.
Succeeded In Changing One-Dollar
Xotes to Ten With Artistic •
Skill.
. Deputy Sheriff Frank Bartlett of
San Mateo County last 'evening arrest
ed John D. Tomkins In San Mateo as
he was taking the train for San Fran
cisco. Tomkins had passed a bill that
had been raised from $1 to $10. He
has been leisurely journeying from
different points in the State toward
this city, passing his bills all along
the line. He was shadowed by H. M.
Moffitt and Thomas B. Foster, secret
service agents.
These officers were in the vicinity
watching Tomkins when Bartlett
pounced on the man. Bartlett was on
the point of arresting the secret ser
vice men, who were strangers to him.
and whom he thought to be confed
erates* of Tomkins until they declared
themselves.
When the prisoner was brought to
this city he was readily recognized by
Chief Hazen of the secret service. It
was not the intention of the service to
arrest Tomkin.s at present, but let him
run loose till his partners were found
and arrested.
Tomkins is an artist in his work
and his bill raising is nearly perfect.
The engraved figures "10" are cut
from some old imitation or Confed
erate notes and carefully panted over
the figures on a $1 bill. The other
telltale figures and devices are daubed
over with green ink and the whole is
eo skillfully done that it is an easy
matter to deceive with them. "Jack"
Tomkins, as he is known, did a good
business in Alameda, Stockton and
Sacramento and the secret service
men have many of his bills. He de
clares he did not know they had been
raised. He is 35 years old, an elec
trician and telegraph operator, and
has been identified with crooked work
in this city. for about two years.
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
800 Esperanza ... OJ 2C0O MaoNamara . 43
SCO Goidfleld 85 2000 Red Top 10
200 MacNamara . 42 200 Rescue 10
Afternoon Session.
300 Goldfield 9513300 N Y Ton 04
10OO MacNamara . 46JS5G0 N Y Ton .... 05
1200 MacNamara . 44 BOO Kay & O'Brien 10
W0 MacNamara . 43|1500 Red Top 10
3C0 MacXamara . 42 100 Ton Midway.. 4»
100 Mont Ton ...2 40|
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY. Aug. 11 — t p. m.
Bid. Ask. Eld. Ask.
Alpha 13 14 Justice 07 0»
Alt* 08 11 Kentuck 01 02
Andes... 19 20 Keyes Gra«s.. —120
geleaer 14 i5| Lad y -\Vash .. — c9
Best & Belch. 65 70| Mexican 82 83
Bullion 28 30; Occidental ... 80 84
Caledonia ... 89 41 Ophir 2 35 2 40
Challenge Con lt> 20| Overman OS 09
£ h °'lar 15 10 Potosl 16 17
Confidence ... 66 70 Scorpion OS 10
Con C & Va.1 15 1 20 Savage 23 24
Con Imperial. 01 O-'iSeg Belcher .. 03 05
Con NY.... 01 02; Sierra Nev ..22 24
Crown Point. 12 141 Silver Hill .. K! 63
East Sierra N 03 OfllSt Louis .... OS —
Kureka Con.. — 50 Syndicate — 03
Exchequer ... 60 62 Union Con .. 23 24
Gould & Cur. 19 20 Utah OS 09
Hale & Norc. 69 72 Yellow Jacket. 10 17
Julia 13 i5|
I, TONOPAH MINES.
•¦",_. Bid.Ask.l Bia.Ask.
Adairn Gold.. C8 lQJQuincy 11
Colehan — 0R|Ray Exten .. — -C8
Esperanza ... 02 03|Ray & O'Brien 09 10
Gold Anchor. 21 25 Red Top 10 11
GoldHeld Nev. 03 93 Rescue 09 10
Gold Mohawk. — 35 Ton Belmont.. 67 68
Goldflelds Ton 11 — Ton & Cal 21
iiold M Con. 01 02| Ton Exten . .1 00 1 05
Jim Butler .. 60 SO Ton Fraction. . 25 —
Little Ton .. — CO Ton & G W . . 02 07
Lucky Tom. . — 05 Ton Gold M. 18 21
MacNamara . 41 42 Ton Midway.. 47 49
Mizpah Ex .. 20 — Ton of Nev. — S 12>4
Mont Ton.. 2 40 2 42H Ton N Star.. 50 —
X Y Ton 03 06 United Ton .. — 08
Paymaster ... 03 — West End ... 21
CLEVER BIMj-RAISER
CAUGHT IN SAN MATEO
O. J. "Woodward, president of the
First National Bank of Fresno, and his
son arrived at the Lick last night.
Allan A. McNelll. the well-known in
surance man, left this city on Wednes
day for a two months' tour of the East.
H. A. de Zayas of Havana, brother
of the Cuban Consul General at New
York, is at the Palace. He Is on his
way to Manila.
James S. Robertson, F. N. Isaac arid
D. A. Sutherland, who have been in-
Bpecting oil properties at Hanford, ar
rived here yesterday and are at the
Palace.
General Manager C. H. Markham and
Freight Traffic Manager William
Sproule of the Southe/n Pacific Com
pany departed yesterday on a trip over
the company's northern territory.
Judge A. P. Pugh of Washington, who
is associated with the local Govern
ment attorneys in the prosecution of
the Hvde and Benson land cases, ar
rived from the East yesterday and Is
registered at the Occidental.
W. O. Everett of Milwaukee is at the
Palace. v
"W. P. Lynch of Oroville is registered
at the Lick.
C. H. Reige, a merchant of Fresno, Is
at the Lick.
W. E. Crothers, a lawyer of San Jose,
is at the Palace.
TV. D. Crichton, an attorney of Fres
no, is at the Lick.
Dr. E. K. Hopkins of Tuxpan, Mexico,
is at the St. Francis.
E. F, Frazer, a Sacramento lumber
man, is at the Grand.
L. R., Rhodes, a San Jose mining
man, is at the Grand.
S. M. Newmark, a capitalist of Los
Angeles, Is at the Palace.
M. Cronan, a well-known Sacramento
politician, is at the Gradn.
J. O. Hickman, an oil "man of Han
ford, is a guest at the Lick.
Albert C. Harmon, a lumberman of
Campo Seco, is at the Palace.
S. P. Dobbins, a rancher of Vacaville,
registered at the Grand yesterday.
David Richardson and Carroll Allen,
Los Angreles business men, are at the
Palace. ¦' V"
PERSONAIi.
PHILADELPHIA. Aug. 11. —^ Joe
Goddard, the "Barrier champion." has
not been allowed to rest in his grave.
His remains now lie in the pickling
vat of a Philadelphia Medical Col-
Such was the rumor that agitated
the sporting fraternity to-night. Pos
itive information reached Ben For
rest, a Merchantville. N. J.. saloon
keeper, who was Goddard's warm
friend in his declining hours, that the
body had been seen in the vat within
the last twenty-four hours. /
Goddard was a man of almost per
fect physique. He was able to live
for months with a bullet hole in his
brain at a point which would have
meant almost instant death to an or
dinary mortal. These things would
have made Goddard a particularly
interesting subject for a dissecting
table.
Friends of the Former "Barrier
Champion" Make a Grewsome
Discovery in Philadelphia.
BOXER JOE GODDARD'S BODY
GIVEN OVER TO SCIEXCE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 12, 1904.
12
KA^VAY^TRAVEL^ J
XfjTv Trains leave and are do*
I tof»rrlTe»»
H^^QSAN FRANCISCO.
I y U-sgj-y •/ tro* .irtT 13. lrtsi
V^-S5^j\/ Frxrt D:?7->t
xljS |_>^ rToot of Market Street >
>r«T« - vMAIN LINE. ~AJT^7r
! 7-00A VaenTllIc. Wlnte»r«. Ifnmwy / 5U»
74)0a n«nlc!a. Klmfra anil S'»cr»t«ent<> . 720<»
7 -30a Vnltejo. N'!»r». Callstos-*. Saat.i
K"s«. Martinez. Sin iMmon 6.?3»
730a Nlles, Tracy. Ijithro^.^wuK-on.... 7-23P
1.00a SbatM Expre»»— <VI» ]>a*!i>.
wtninnn <for H-trtlBU Sprin««\
Vllloir*. tKnilo. Ue« itJu.T,
Portland. Tacoina. Srsttta 7.5O
t-COA Dav;«.Woo(l:an<l. r.»Ui't« l.rwi.m.
Miry»v::>. Ca'cn. orovllle 7-50»
I-50A Port Curt*. Msrttnex. Antinch.
Byron. Tracy. Stockton. New-
man, Loa H*noa. lieu •lota.
Armon.t. Haafopl. Vital lit,
PoTt«TTtlle 4.23^
C-3CA Port Cotto. iioictto. Mured,
Freano, doshen Janction. ilia-
ford. Vlnalta. lMkeraiteld 4 50^
1 WtO* Klles. Sun .Fone. Uvermcrc. Sfx?lc-
ton. (tMiiton). loae, Sacmmento.
Mary»Tl!le. Ch!c». :t«-c» Uluff .... 420<»
etJPA OsiUui*. Chtao«e. Jamestown. So-
nera. Tnolnmnr nr.d An«l» 4-ZC 1 *
t CPa Atlantic Cxpr-!s»— ORilen a.i.J Rw. 5 20(»
t-5CA RJchmonJ. Martinet and Way
Suttoas 0 50f»
10-CCATa* Orerland Limited — Ogdea.
Omaba. Chicago, liruver. Eamas
CUy. St. Lca!» 8 2O
IOXOa Vallejo.. 122£#
W4XU l*a Aatrelea F»»«:-neer — T»r»
Costa. Martte-z. Bjros. Tracy.
Latbroi>. Stockton. Merced.
BATBioad. Freauw. Ooshen Jcnc-
tloa. Hac'ord. Lemoorti. Vlis'.la.
BAkerafle?*. hot Aneelea ....... 7?8»
Tf-Sflw Hayward. Kile* «"d Way Stations. -J 2C»
ttX0P8a«ra«ieBtoKlTer Bte»mer» M I 0J»
I40P BeDiota. Winter*. Saerwmento.
Woodland. Willow. Kaissts
Landlnr. MarysTOle. OtotUIs
ana wsy «tat!eas .... 10-50*
IJOF H»7ward.X!!es aad Way Statics*.. 7 60>
4 COt» Martlnex.Saa Ratnuu.ValleJo.Nafa,
CaMttoc*, Banta Uoaa. 9 20a
4 J0l» ITHea. Trac-r. Btockton. Lo<ll ...... 4 20»
4J0PHaywar«. If lies, lrrinitoa, «snl t t«-60%
Jose. Lirermore > M1.5O*
SCO»Th« Owl Mmlted— Vewn"D. Lot
Baso*. Mendoia. Freino. Talsra,
Bakersneld,Lo*ABeeIei S-sOa
t8 SOm H«.T»«rt. Nile* anri ban Jn*e 7-Zua
f -COp Itayward. U!le<iaBrt Snu.lcm S 50*
S-60p >.n«t«rn Ej^rrw- Olden. Omnka.
Calraco. DeaTer. Ksuaa* Cl:',
bi. Loul«, via Martinez. Stockton.
Sacraineata. Co'tnx. llrao 12 P3*
f .OOp Tsllejo, daily, except Sunday.... I 7 c Bm .
7-CCp Va!leji>. San-lay onty I
7X0P Utehmood. ban Pablo. Fort Costa.
Uartfnez and Way Stallva* 11-21*
/XOPReno Pa«ieBger— Fort lonta. Put-
i • _ tun. Elmlra, Davla. fanimfo'-i
Trackee. Lake TaiKm. l>n<\
Toaoyah. Sparts J.wm
9 OSp Port Cost*. MarMnes. Bjroit.
Tracy, I.a tlirop. Modesto.
Mereiwt. Ilerenda, Fresno and
Way Stations beyond Fort Cnota 12-20*
8CSf> Tosemlte Valley, via iJeren 3a aad
Wawona 8. oca
8-05p Mar-Jnes. Tracy, etic'^on 102C*
IX6P Oregon * California Kn>re««-f sc-
rxinento. ktaryxTilic. l:3>!iliog,
PorU&n<l. Van*'. S-mml uil Uast. 350*
0.1OP Ucyward. Nile* amlSaa Juie (Sva-
dayonly> H-S0»
COAST LI N E 1-Narn.w Wan$e).
(Foot of Mjrlc-;t Street.) J
7.45a Santa Cruz KxcuroIonjSundaj only) 8 1 0*
815a Newark. Centervlllc. 8<\a Jose,
Felton. DonlderCreek. BifrBmta.
Santa Croi and Way Ststloaf ... 5 53 »
H-15A Alvarado. Newark. S.1.1 J'.?c, f.ot
Gt:o»,Glcnwoo<l, Ffltton. BonldeT
C.-.x"!:. B!< Baa'D. Santa Crux... 8-10S>
t2-15» UewarK. CenterTllie, C^na Job*.
New Almaden. l,<>* GMot.Feltoa,
Boalder Creek, Subu Crcz wad
Prlnrl^al TTay Stations 13 53*
4.1Fp Newark. San Jo»e. Los Gstos I8-55*
4.1O Wright. Boulder Crock and Santa
Cniit. Saturday and aaniiaT only. 68.56*
COAST LINE IBroa.l hiiu.u
If VUlnl ami I'own»«n4 Streets.)
6.1 Oa San Joae and V7>r Station* 8 30»
t7-00A Sun .lone an<l Way Stntv.ns 5 43»
7.15a Voa:ercy and 3anf» Cro* E-tcBf-
sion (Sunday only) 10-30*
SOOa Sew Almaden (Tnea_ Krld.. on!y>. 410P
¦COAThe Cuatter— Sao Jote. S-«;in*«.
San Ardo, Paso TtohlM. Sa.nt«
Marxnrlta. San L-uN ()"..:«p >. S'»" t »
Barbara, San Bnenarentnra.
MDnt«.lvo, Oxuard. Itaruoak. Lo#
An^lej 10 IIP
f.CtJA G'-.'H-j. Hoi:i»>r. CasirovlJIe. Pel
Moate, Pacllte Gro»e. Sarf. Loa»-
poc 1C45p
I.COa Baa Jose. Tr*» Plaoa.WatsonTl)!e.
Capltola. e«nta Cms. Pitriao
tirove. Salinas 9*n I.als OMspo
sad Prlnoipn: W»y 6tat!ons. ... 4.10P
IOJCa Ean Joae and Way Stations 1-20s»
11 i8A 5:in:» Clara. San Jose. Los gatoa
and Way Stations 7?0»
1 30p San Joae and Wa? Stations 8 33a
18-tOpDeI Monte Kzprew (except Sua-
day) — Santa Clara, ?a* Jo«n.
WntsonvKie. Santa Cror. I»rl
Moats. Monterey, 1'tcHc Grore. f 12-1S*
J-JOp BnritDRnine. Ssn Jo«e. Gilroy. TIol-
)!«tcr, Tres Piaos.raJsrw.Watscn-
Tli!e. Captcola, Saats Crai, Ca>
tror'.llp.9illni.s. PacJCc Grore... 10 45*
4-SGpPan Jose and Way Ctationa t8 03A
t5 C0p Saata Clara. Kan Ji>»«\ Los Gatoa.
Wr:ght and prlnc!?ml Way 6ta-
tlous (except Samlay) t9-03%
|5-30p 8anJoiesaiirrtnc!r*!Wa]rStattons 19.434
6 43p Susset Express.— Redwood. Sau
Joae.GHroy.Sallniui.Paiio Uobles,
San Lii'.s OM«po. ?nntt Pir"ia-«L.
Lea Angeles, hemin •. Kl i**«a,
N« Or!f«(i». Sf» Jort 7.18*
S.4SpP*Jaro. "Wst*on»l!!«\ CapltHa. I .,„ __
banta Cnu. CaitroTlHe. DelV'JSfS*
Monte. Pacific (irore \ T13^5*
18.15f> *¦» Mateo, Beresford,He!aiost.8*5
Carios, liedwomi. Fair Oaka.
JI..TioPsrfe. Palo Alto tS.48*.
8-30p B«n Jose sad Way Stittoaa. S 3Ja
8 OOp Pslo Alto and Way Sta:!>iu> 10.15a
11 .Sbf oouth SanFrincinco. MUlUrae. Uur-
Itasam". n Matro. Belmont.
5an Carlo*. Re4woo<t. Fair Oaka,
M.-alo Prrk. «nd l'uiu Alto Him
sit 30» Miyfi-M. Monauln View, suuny-
rale. Lawreace. Santa Clara and
an Jo«e t>.4S»
A for Moraine P tor Aftarno«KV
t f na Jn» excepted. t 9oaday onlr
• Saturday only. A Monday only.
—ifelupa at all stattoaa sal «*aisi.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. Ca
LESSEE
SAN FFANCiSCD AND NORTH PAC1F1S
S&JLWAT COaXPAHTT.
Tlburon Perry, root oX Mariet Str*«t>
SAW FEASC23C0 TO SA2T KATASZ*.
"WEEK DAYS— 7:^0, 8:00. 9:0u. 11:00 a. m.;
Vl:3&. 2:30. 3:40. 5:10. 0:30. «:S0 aad ll^W
p. m.
Saturday" — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
St'NDAYS— 7::?0. S:(W>. 9:30. ll:OO a. m.; t;SBt
2:30. 3:40. 5:10, 9:30. 11:30 p. ra.
SAN EA7/.2L TO SAZT PSAZ7CX8CO.
WEEK DAYii — 6:03. 6:6U, 7:33. 7:50. 9:20;
11:15 a. m.: 12:50. V.Q0. 3:10. 6:00. 0:30,
M:25 p. m.
Saturdays— Ertra trip at 1:43 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:30. 7:3R. 9:20 11:15 a. m.; X:iB
3:40. 4:50. 5:C0. 0:20. 6:23. 7:50 p. m.
tExcept Saturdays.
Leave I la Effect I ArrtT*
San Fran. I May 1. 1004. | Baa Fraa.
Week I Sun- I Dentina- I Sun- I We«a
Day». I dayai ) tlon. | days. | Day*.
7:30 a ~ . 7:45 a 7:43 a
7:30 a 8:00 a - I- SUOa 8:4Oa,
ft:0Oa O:3Oa Xsnacio tO:2O a 10:20 a>
2:30 p 2:30 p 0:00 p «:2O»
6:10 p 8:10 p «:20p T:23 s>
7:25 p
I 8j43_p^
7:30 a 7:30 a 7:45 a 7:43 a
8:00 a 8:C0a Norato, 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma 6:20 p «:20 j>
B:lOp 2:3Op and 7:25 p 7:23 9
0:10 p Santa Rosa. 8:45 p
7:30 al 7:30 a lO- 20 a 10:20 a
8:0OaI8:COa Fulton. 7:21 p 6:U0n
2:30 pi 2:20 p ( 8:43 p 7:23 »
" 'Wlrfi.'or.
7:30 a 7:30 a Healdsburs. 10:20 a 10:20 a
I.itt. n.
2:30 p 2:30 p Geys«rvllla. 7:23 p 7:28 9
Cloverdale.
7:30 al 7:30 al Hopiand 110:20 al 10:20 a
2 :30 p| 2:.">0pl and Uklah. | 7:23 pf 7:'J3p>
j 1 Wlllits. j j '
7:30 al 7:."0a| Sherwood. ) 7:23 p[ 7:23 a
8-00 at 8:00 al Guerneville and |10:2O a!10:20 *
2:30 pi 2:30 pi Camp Vacation. | 8:45 pi t:a)p
8-00 a 8:00 a 8:40 al S:»0a
B-lOp 8:30.a Sonoma, 8:0O pi 6:20 p
I 5:10 P Glen Ellen. 8:43 p?
7-30 al 7:30a| 110:20 a|10:2t>»
2:30 pi 2:30 Pi SebastopoL p| «:2l> p
STAGES connect at Santa Rosa for Wntt»
Sulphur Splines and Mark Went Springs; at
Fulton for Burke'a Sanitarium: at Uytton for
L.vtton Sprints; at G«7servllle for Skaggs
Surlnjs; at Cloverdals for the Geysers. Bonce-
viila and Greenwood; at Hopiand for Duncan
Serin*-*. Hlfhland Springs. Kelseyville. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
KDrlneTs; at Ckiah for Vichy Sprln»a.*6aratosa.
ttorlnss. Blu« Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Btrlns». UPPer Lake. Pomo. Potter Va.'lsy.
John Day's. Riverside. Llerleya. Bucinells.
ianhedrtn Heights, ilullTlIle. Orr*s lict
Borings Halfway House. Comptche. Cam?
sLevens. Hopkins. Mendocino City. Fort Bragg.
Westport. Csal; at Wllllts for Fort Brs^g.
Westport Sherwood. Cahto. Covelo. Lay ton-
vllle Cummins. Bell's Springs. Harrla. OU«r.>.
Dyer. Garbervflle. Pepperwood. Scotia and
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re*
duced rates.
On Sundays — Round-trip tlcxets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office. CZu Market street. Chrome:*
bulldlns-
JAS. L. FRAZ1ER. R. X. RTAJt.
O»n. >Tan*»*—r C>n. T*a— . Art.
Weiy Cal $1.00 wM
OCEAN TRAVEIi.
e Steamers i»a»e Broadway
wharves (piers 9 and 11).
San Francisco:
For Ketchlkan. Wranjel.
Juneau, Haines. Skaguay.
etc. Alaska— 11 a. zn.. Aug.
3. S. 13. 18. 23 23. Sept. X
Change to this company's
steamers at Seattle.
For Victoria, Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle, Tacoma. Everett.
BeUlngham— 11 a. in., Aug. 3. 8. 13. IS. 23. 23.
, Sept. 2 Change at Seattle to this Company's
steamers for Alaska and O. N. Ity.; at SeatUa
or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.: at Vancouver to
C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Bnmboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:30
p. m.. Aug. 2 8. 14. 20. 20. Sept. 1; Corona.
1:30 p m. Aug. 6. 11. 17. 23. 29. flept. 4.
For Loa Angeles (via Port Los Angele* and
Redondo). Ban Diego and Santa Barbar —
Santa Rosa. 6undays. » a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. ra.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Banta Barbara, Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey, San Simeon, Cayucos. Port Harford <3aa
Luis Obispo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Bonlta, 9 a. nx. Aug. 3, 11. 19. 27. Sept. 4.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m., Ausr. 7. 15, 23. 31. Sept. 8.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Joss del
Cabo. Maxatlan, Altata, La Paz. Santa Ro-
calla Guaymas fMex.), 10 a. m., 7th each mo.
For further Information obtain folder. Right
Is reserved to change steamers or sailing dates.
TICKET O77XCSS— 4 New Montgom-
ery st. (Palace Hotel). 10 Market st., and Broad-
way wharves. Frelfflit Office, 10 Market at.
C. I>. DUNANN General Passenger Agent.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sutt— »t.. will
call for and check baggage from hotels and
rehidences. Telephone Exchange 312.
Ji. wl • XI \m ,m\ JBOBUBJtf
— AND— j.
ST. MICHAEL
THE Al FAST
S. S. ST. F»/\UL
CAPTAIN C. E. LINDQUIST
(Carrying U. 8. Malls.) '
FROM S.*N FRANCISCO DIRECT
THURSDAY, Aug. 18, 2 p. m.
Connecting with the Company's Steamers for
All BERING SEA POINTS, and at St. !
Michael with the Company's River steamers
for Fairbanks and all points on KOTUKl'K.
TANANA and YUKON RIVERS.
For Freight and Passage Apply to
NORTHERN COMMEBCIAI, CO.,
519 Crossley building, cor. Mission and New
Montgomery »ts.. San Francisco.
8 8. VENTURA, for Honolulu, Samoa. Auck-
'land and Sydney, Thursday, Aug.lS, 2 p.m.
S. S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu.Aug. 27. 11 a.m.
B. S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Sept. 14. 11 a.m.
I.D.SPBICKLS & BEOS. CO. , AztS.,TicM 0SC3 643 Hir-
aSi. FHlzit OSes 329 Marfcet St., Pier 7, Pacific si
COKPAGNIE 0ZXSB1LE TRAiniTuAtfriJJJ.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. »^t_
Sailing every Thursday inst-ad of ¦^C- iXgi,
Saturday, at 10 a, m.. from Pier 42. ¦*+MURS$'
North IUver. foot of Morton st.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre. $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND CAN-
ADA 82 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUGAZ1 & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 6 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets' sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
To 0. S. 2Tavy Yard and Vallejo.
Stmr. H. J. Corcoran — Leaves S. F.. foot of
Clay st., north end ferry bldg. — Week days.
9:30 A. M.. 3 and *S P. M.; Sundays. 9:30
A M.. 8 P. M. Leaves Vallejo— Week days
«:BO A, M., 12:20 and »:3O P. M. ; Sundays. 5
p M. Fare, 25c each way. Excursion rates
Sundays to Vallejo. Glen Cove and Martlnea.
60u round trip. PIPER. ADEN. OOODAJU*
CO. phone Main S4L "Saturday excepted.
To XT. S. Wavy Tard and Tallsjo.
Stmrs. General Friable, Montlcello and Arrow,
9:43 a. m.. 12:30. 3:10, 6 8:30 p. m. (ex.Sun.);
Sundays. 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave Valleja
7. 9 a. m.. 12:30, 3:15, 6 p. m. (ex. Sun.); Sun-
days 7 a. m.. 4:1B p. m. Pier 2. foot Mis-
slon street: phone Main 1508. HATCH SRO3.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
|^ CALIFORNIA g
i LIMITED TO CHICACO I
I LEAVES MONDAYS and THURSDAYS
nat 0:30 a. in., through ia 3 days,
Jflwith diner and all trappinffs. «
Other Saata T» Trains I
u^n MS* 1 for Stockton. Fresno. Bakersfleld.
8:00 ml J M'rced. Hanford and Vlsalla.
4:C0 p. m. for Stockton.
S:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET OFFICES — 641 Market St. and
Terry Depot. S. F. Also 1113 Broad-
way, Oakland. Cal. 27 South First St^
San Jose.
|&Ppgg|iII| TOSANRAFAEL
||pj||g ROSS VALLEY.
CAZADERO, Etc.
SUBURBANSEnVICE. STANDARD OAUGE.
Depart from aan Francisco. wa*k days, at
630 7:10 7:46, »i3t>. Vilb. lo:0o. 11:00 a. m.
<ll-40 a. m. Sausalito only). 12:20, 1:43, 3:1».
400 4:35. 6:15. 5:50. B:25. 7:15. 9:C0. 10:»>.
11 -35 v. m Sundays and legal holidays depart
at 7-10 7:45. 8:30. 9:13, 10:00, 11:00. ll:4t)
am. 12:20. 1:00. 1:45. 2:30. 3:15. 4:00. 4:35.
5:1576:60. 6:25. 7:15. 8:15. 9:00. 10:20. ll:3i
Arrive st San Franclscow week Cayn, «:17.
7:0O. 7:35. 8:15. 8:45. »:35. 10:20. 11:05 a. m..
12:05 1:25. 2:B0. 3:35. 4:20. 0:03. 5:40. 6:13.
8:55. 7:35. 10:05. 11:23 p. m. On Sundays and
legal holidays estra trains arrive at 12:43, 2:0a,
8:50 p. m.
For Fairfax, week days, depart at 7:43 a. ra.
3:15 p. m.. 5:1S p. m. (ex. P«t.). On Sunda>a
and l«sal holidays at 7:45. 8:30. 0:15. 10:00.
11:00. 11:40 a. m.. 12:20. 1:00. 1:45. 2:30. 7:15
and 8:13 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m. dally— Cazadero and way stations.
9:16 a. m. Sundays only— For Point Reyes,
•tc. •
3:15 P. m. Caily except Sunday— For Caxa>
dero. etc.
5:15 P. m. dally except Saturday and Sun-
day — For Point Reyes, eic.
7:15 p. m.. Sundays only— For Point Reyes.
; etc.
8:16 p. m.. Sundays only— For Cazadero. etc.
TICKET OFFICE— 626 Market st.
FERRY— t!nlon Depot, foot of Markat st.
IVIt. Tamalpais Railway
Leara fia hnnlila rerrri Arrive
Ban Fraudaco ¥*t «f Mirkrt St. San Fraticlaro
Week Sun- jga suit- Week !
Dayi. dayw. jtf^^^fy. daT>. Days, i
... ....I 8^307 R^ir^tia 12:43 r • 8:43 » I
10:00 a SSZSTkSS&B 2:0Sr *>1:G5a ;
10:00a 11:00a VfSiNr.Sy 3:J5 r 3:35 r
l:4Sr!2;20r <^^^ 6:40 r 6:15 j
1:15 r l;46 r \Rs>X 6:15 r 10:06 »
;....... 4:36 r ytr 8:50 p
* TU CraTtty Csr. * Tsm!s«i» U lill Talisy.
Tickxt (62o M»rkbt St. (North nbore Railroad]
; Omcu land Sacsauio f kkkt, foot Market St; a
SOOKS FOR HOUSEKEEPING — Con. I
LIURAKY bldg.. Van Ness and Golden Gata
¦«\> k . — £ult*-s and Kunny unfur. rooms: resa.
MrALUPTKR, — 2 or 3 unfur. rooms for
hotiscieepiiigrreirular k'.tchen. Call b*fore 4.
OAK 117. WS MeAHlstw— Bcoms, cerop'.ete;
K "to *12: r»s range, hot bath: adulin.
ITJAJIL, S, corner Market — 2 furnisl.-d iuoi«e-
kerplr.*? remis; CU-flC; No children; phone.
nACECU, S.V— I-arge runr.y front room; all
convergences :cr light hocfr'Ke-?r'inE: •«" two
cetts: S8. _^ .
S' OTT, 250 — Two s::nny connecting rooms, fur.
nr /unTur. ; bath. sar. phor.e ; no children. ;
THREE sunny fjrnlsh«d rooms for housekeep-
ing. Apply 2022 Mist-ion si-
TrilK. ;ii»— Fv.r. suites or unf::r. rooms; fine :
location: rent reasonable; see these; all new.
VAN N>:2S. .Tl — Nice furnished front parlor,
kitchen, ca*. etc.: reasonable: location flae.
VAN NKfS ave. 2-"52 — Fur. houwkeep-^g. " ln-
gle and 2-rocai «altes; ?6. >10. *18. <1S.
ADVERTISEMENTS. EUbsTiptlMis received at
Cal! Breach office, cor. Duncan tt Ch'-rch at*.
A BRANCH offlc^ of The Call for the reception
cf advertis'Tcnt* and subscriptions has beea
" • cpmtf at iOON Market St.. oppoalt* Fifth.
Open t:r.ttl II f. m.
APABTMEinr HOUSES.
•fcT. LOUIS. :5T5 Jackson at. — Mjdern 3-4-9
. rocm«: turn, or un;um.: refs. Tel. East 1830.
S COSTS TO irr — I*ura. and XJafttrn.
A — BRUNSWICK House, 14S PIsth st. — Room*
2Sc to SI per night. (1 25 to IS per ws«k and
llgnt housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "Tie Almonte," 873 Market st. (or No. 1
riftli »t.)— Rooms. 25c. 60c. *L Jl CO night;
tl to to $10 week: house open all night.
UELUOND House, over Owl drugstore. 2 en-
irtscea 1126 Market and 21 Turk — Electric
ligMs: raantas; water In evwy room: 209
rootr.a: 2ic to f-Or per night: tl 25 to $2 week.
BUSH. S31— Pleasant sunny rooms, nicely fur-
nished; ccsvenie&t nn-1 reasonable.
CJIAGDCKN (The).- 10C7 Larkln. cor. Post.—
eur.ny nicely furnished rooms; single, en
*ui;e. housekeeping apsrtments; ruoalng
*-»t»r. b«thf: rates reasonable. •
ElGIiTU ave.. 374, near museum — 2 parlor*
Tartly furrlFfced; pir.gie furnished.
FRANKLIN. 721. near G. G. ave.— Sunny fur-
r. «.! c I frcnt rooms; all conrenlence* ; tll&tlZ.
FVtNISJ?Eli or unfurnished rooms, with or
•»!thout housekeeping: also rooms with board;
Pfull particulars: no chaix-s. Room Renting
**vtrtivr* 117 Sutter St.: OFFICE IN
K.SJM OF STOIUi. i;PSTAIRS.
GRAND Southern 7th and Mission— Rooms 35c
to tl 25 r.lsht: $1 50 to >0 wk.; readlng-rm.
JiOTVAHD 715 — Large rooms at low
ra;e«: 2Sc to SI day and tl 25 to 15. week.
JTXSTE. SC3— Furr.iehea rooms; fh per month,
f 1 15 w»ek; eaat United States Mint.
L7O.N". C37. r.ear McAllister — Nicely furnished
Fur.ny xiarlcn- suite; rent (15.
MAHK3-T. 759 — FlrBt-.-Iaes newly furnished
roonis: day. week cr month.
MARKET. KMflA.The Falmouth — Sunny rooms;
ti-jt and cold water; elevator; $2 to t7.
MINNA. 255 — Neatly furr.'.shed rooms to rent.
. Montgomery! 121— Nice rocjas tol let;
?2 up- . ¦
NATOMA. E16 — Nicely furnished rooms.
FOWELL. 216. between O'Farrell ar.d Geary—
£unny furnished rooms from $2 per wk. up.
ROTAL Iloare. 126 Ellis — Ineandrscent light*,
reading-room". sTr.riklr.g-ro>j.a and ladle«" par-
Jcr: room* per night. *.S= to $1 00; week. $2 j
to J c ; month. $S to $.W: elevator on ground 1
: flcor; rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
SIXTH. 43 — Furnished room?, single or en i
euite; location central. |
SVTTER. 24S3 — Nice, srunny room, furnished;
suitable Jcr one or two gentlemen.
TAYLOR. '.Ill— Nicely furnished eunny room;
pool location: reasonabie.
THIRD, SCR— 25c. 5Oc. 75c. $1 night; $125. $4 !
.wk.; respectable; gas; bath free; hskpg. rms. j
UNITED ?TATL"S. 123 Eddy, near Market — »00 j
rucms, 35c to $1 night, tl "5 to $6 week; elec- I
• trie lights <no gas). Tunning water in every
irom; elevator, read. -room: free bus: baggage.
WANTED — Couple to take part of nicely furn.,
modem. C-rocni flat; reasonable. 230 Guerrero.
•WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market —
Sioet convenient and rer pectable ; 700 rooms;
y^c to fl 50 right; $2 to J5 week; elevator;*
«iec 'Ights; reading-room; free bus; baggage. 1
WOLF House. 202 Sixth Et. — Room* from 15c
• ta ?1 per right and from 00c to $5 per week.
VVANT a<53 and subscriptions taken for Tn«
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. €33 McAllister et.
A BRANCH '<fnee of The Call for the reception
(A r.dvertisemcntE end rubEcrlptlons has been
ipMied ct IOCS Market «t.. eppoeits Fifth.
Or-n until 11 t>. ra.
noons axtx> boars.
HF.RMANN. 60C, bet. Fillmore and Stelner—
Furnished room, with first-class board, for
respectable younr man.
EDDY. 112S. cpv. Jefferson Park — Fine furn.
sjr.ny moms; table board; reaa.; new manag.
HOWARDS SllA — Flrat-claaa board and room,
? ingle or double. jr.-5<5 wk.; American family.
Ktexcrson Mansion, cpr. Grace Church annex, I
SOT California— Se* room«,leam prlces.try table. |
__ ,
TAULE board in private family. 615A Mason |
«.. near Sutter.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
•"ail. 1<S pages, sent to any oddreis In the !
Tn!te<3 Ftate* or Car<#<Ja one year for tl. j
' boom aEBrmro agestcy.
,wr: rent your rooms: hundreds of roomtrs call-
in* daily; Won't delay seeing us. Room Rent-
ing Advcrtisti-s. 117 Eutter et. ; phone Clay
&Afi: efflv-e In rtar of store upstairs.
LEGAL gQTICSS.
ANY one having bill against HA2CEEN A
PARKCH. saloon, at 12 Mission st., will
preser.t tliem for collection on or before Au-
gust 13. 1SKM.
A-«."Y one having bill agalnct P. S. Manning's
saloon, V.f-i Fourth et.. please collect them
on or before AuguFt 17. 1904.
3TUTTESXgG A1TD 37AKMES1PG.
AT Melbourne Institute. Van Neas and Market,
iR taught celebrated Melbourne 6ystent; only
Melbourne in V. S. : private: estabiUbed 3
><*rs In S. I-~. Tel. Mint 2026 from 1 to 5 pm.
makkiagl: licenses.
The following marriage licenses were Issued,
yesterday:
Herbert J. Such. 21. Shanghai, China, and
Kf>tliiva G. Rons, 21. 1224 Oct&vla street.
Jacob B<fTg. 21. 142S Geary atrret, and Etta
Honireberger. 18. 1&37 Webster 6treet.
Herman TTlnbeck. 27, Point Arena, aad Ida
Johnson. 22. Point Arena.
Eugene L. Barrow. 25, city, and Ethel Fox,
I?. .".335 Twenty-fourth street.
WUMara E. Van, 24. 214 O'Farrel! street, and
Mcvbclle Stlesaler, 20. Valiejx
Oeorge Ltevls. 25. Oakland, and Elizabeth
7. Gray, 23. Vancouver. WsEh.
Tiichard K. Ccnnell. 21. 105 South Park, ard
Sarah V.. Sheridan. 21. 782 E-l!zaJ>eth street.
Krnest Sautiere, 24, .Venew, and Eugenie
A. Pelissler. 23. €23 Howard street.
illfton H. Shoenbersr, 29, 1105 Franklin
et»»*t. and Norine- Goldman, 22, 12S7 O'Farre:i.
Martin Bereholm. 27. 108 Berry street, and
Maria Pjora. 22. 1CS Berry street.
¦ E'tBTBS— MARRIAGES — DEATH&
r.lrth. fnarriaxe and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
•indorsed with the zuttne and residence of per-
won* authorized to have the eame published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
• f the enat are published once In this column
. free of charge.
BOUX. ~~~
BKHGIC — In Frultx-ale. August 10, 1904. to U>»
v. if< of Aucust Bergk, a son.
UAWER — In this city, August 8, 1904, to the
• v. i.'c- cf William L. Dawes, a sou.
. FISHER— In this city. Auzust 6, 1004, to ths
wifs- of C. D. Fisher, a daughter.
HODGES — In thla city, to the wtfe of Charles
,- E- Ifodges of Stanford University, a
daughter. . ,". ;-;,
KAFKA— August 0. 18M. to the wife of Elmon
Kafka <nee Levy), a daughter.
KAi:S— In tbls city. August II, 1901, to ths
m wif" cf Jchn luus, a daughter.
El'BHKIND— In this city. August 3 1904 to
* the wife of S. II. Suspklnd. a san.
MARRIED.
ATKINSON— ALLEN— In this city, August 8.
K(04. by the Rev. Georje \V. White, pastor
ti CVT.trcl M. E. Church. H:nry Atkinson
tiid Parah Ailen. both cf Ean Francisco.
BOKTU1VICK— IlEMPHILL — In tills '•'tv.
Au^uist 10. I!)O4, by the Rev. Jay William
Hudson. Ge<nte A. Borthwlck and Irma
HtrnphiH. both of San Francisco.
EVANS— FULLINGTON— In this city. August
. >. I&04, by the Rev. George W. White,. paster
rj Central U. E. Church. James Wesley
n , v « n « «f Fresno and Daisy M. Fullinr.oa
or Ssjj Fraacieco
i Begrev. .Tos?i>hln« Llebhardt. Fred
• Hrr.wfi, Edward Loewenthal, Sarah
! CanHl. Ana.'tasia K. Malor.e. Bridget j
I Cape:::. Luirl '•icAru.e, Thomas P.
' <:ii;ain, Ucnevieve M<r>0Eough, L.
1 riirUUr. Hohrrt M. McKtever, Thomas
! <vhr. Uadore i-arr, ».iu*tave L.
i Conn, rarah lleldy. Lria D.
; C'cok James Robertson, Jchn W .
• 'crnfoct. C«orK!" K. H-pt. Clara A.
J>e Cam?. May L. fililne, Cornelius G.
I>reyrs3orn*. Antonla Stafford, (;<»otge
Kravrlev. Kate Joseph
flcpjierl. (i«"f.rpe \V. Tighe, Marjtaret
JIart. Christopher C. Whitford. Uarbirn
Johnson, John Wilson. lMchard W.
Kimui-a, irshich Wolf. Annie M.
BEGLTCY— In this city. Auguit 11. 1804.
Josephine, beloved daughter of Michael nnd
Ann lieslev, and sister of IKcinls Bepley,
Mrs. J. !>. Bmwnlie and Mrs. L!zzie Wilson,
a native of California. a*ed 42 years and 2
inontha.
BROWN— In this rlty. August 10. 1904.
KUward. beloved husband of Kate Brown,
and lather of Gertrude and Viola Brown,
and brotU.r of iL*hr»:!es and the late Henry,
Fred and GeorKe Erov.n and ths late Ara-
bella Walsh, a native of San Francisco,
aged 45 years 10 months and 2.{ days.
E3"Fr:er.d* and aequainta-nct s are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10 a- m., from the parlors of
McFadden, ilcBrearty &' Gre«;n. 1171 Mltalon
street, th«c» to St. Joseph's Church for
Ffrvices nt 10:30 a. m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. • . • :
CAHILL— In this city, August 0, 1904, Anae-
tasia 1C. wife of the late Patrick Henry
Cahlll. and sister of Mrs. Kate Dwan. a na- \
t;ve of Count jr Kilkenny, Ireland, ared 45
>-?ars. ;
tSTtlends and acquaintances are respect- !
fully invited to attend the nineral to-day
(Friday), at 9:30 a. m.. from her late roai-
dence. S47 Tehama street, theace to St. Pat-
rick's Church, whre a solemn requiem high
maes will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul at 10 o'clock. Intermrot Holy Croaa
1 Cemetery.
CAPBLLJ— In this city, august 10. 1904.
Luigl. dearly beloved husband of Mrs. Julia
Capfili. and father of Joseph and David
Capelli. Mrs. A. Shay and Mrs. EX Ohlrar-
delll, and brother of Lodovleo and Glacomo
Capelli. a native of Italy aged 64 years 6
months and 24 days. (Philadelphia, Pa.,
papers please cony.)
C7*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Saturday.
August 13. at 8:30 a. m.. from the resi-
dence of his scm-in-Iaw, ft. Ghirardelli.
3C60 Nineteenth street, near Dolores, thence
to Mission Dolcre* Church, where at 9
o'clock a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul. Interment
Italian Cemetery.
CHILSON— In this rlty. August 11. 1904. Gen-
evieve Plalsted Chilson. Infant daughter of
Krrt D. and Mabel Putnam Chilson. aped
12 Ja;-s.
CHRISTIE— In this cllr. *u*rust 11, 1004.
Robert M.. beloved husband of Charlotte
Christie, and father of James, Jessie.
Charles, Robert, John. William, Malcolm.
Lcttle. Edith and Frank Christie, and
brother of Mrs. A. Cald'r, Mrs. T. Rlley.
Mrs. D. Duncan and Mrs. A. Greenhow. a
native of Arbroath. Scotland, acred 47 years
10 months ar.d 3 days.
E7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturda} t. Augurt 13. at 2 p. ra., from his
late residence. 4V1 First st., near Harrison.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetiry.
COIIN — In this city, August 11. 1904, Isadore.
beloved and only san of Casper and Bertha
Conn, and brother of Norma. Josie, Blanche
arid the late Amanda Cchn, a native of
Colorado.
COHN— In this city, August 11. 1901, Barah,
beloved wife of Abraham Conn, a native of
Russia, aged 26 years.
COOK— In this city. August 11. 190*, James
Cock, a native of Indiana, ared 52 years.
CORNFOOT— In this city, Aucust 10, 1904,
George E., beloved son of Henry and the late
Margaret Ccrnfoot. and brother of Samuel
Cornfoot, Mrs. M. Rets, Mrs. J. McGinn
and the late Mre. J. T. Conroy and Henry
and James Cornfoot. a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 34 years 4 months and 5 days. <
CTFri»nds and acquaintances are resect- [
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
• Friday), at 0 a. :n. t from the parlors of
the United Undertakers. &«« Mission street,
thence to St. Rose's Church for cervices. In-
terment Holy Cross Cimetery.
DE CAMP— In Oakland, August 11. 1904.
May Lorine de Came, beloved wife- of J. P.
de Canio. and sitter of Mrs. Francis Jewett
and Walter Walker, and daughter of George
W. Walker, a native cf San Francisco, aged
28 years 2 months and 27 days.
CT'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
August 1^. at 1:30 p. m., from her late resi-
dence. 210 Telegraph avenue, thence to St. i
Francis de Sales Church, where services will
bp held, commencing at 2 p. m. Interment j
S*. Mary's Cemetery.
DRETESDORFF— In Oakland. August 10,
1904, at 763 Campbell street, Antonla A., be-
loved wife of Lou's M. Dreytsdorff, and
Firter of Robert Maurice. Mrs. M. Green.
Mrs. C. Taber*. A.' Grau and Olsra Bitner.
a natlro of Pru."aia. aged VI yeara 1 menth
and* days.
; ETTTlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral eervlces
to-day (Friday). August 12, at 3 p. m., at
the residence cf James Taylor, 1211 Clay
street , Oakland.
FRAWLET — In this city. August 10, 1904.
Kate, beloved wife of tne jata Richard
Frawley. end mother of Thomas, Daniel.
Archibald. Richard and Ketella Frawley and
the late Mrs. Gertie M. Drennan. and sister
cf Mrs. William Hughes. Mrs. J. Loebbing
ar.d James. Archibald, Alexander and
Thomas McKee. and daughter of the lat»
Ann McKes. a native of Australia, aged'
lilt years 4 months and 18 days. ¦-..-".
CT'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 8:30 a. m.. from the parlors of
the United Undertakers, 866 Mission etreet.
betwetn Fourth and Fifth, thence to Et.
Patrick's Church, v/here a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
aoul. cemmtneinr at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holv Crosa Cemetery.
GEPPERT— In Eden, Colo., August 7. 1904.
George W. Gecnert, agsd 26 years.
CyNctice of funeral hereafter.
HART— In CoulteniUe. Cal., August 8. 1904,
Christopher C. Hart, a native of Fayette-
vlllc-. Ark., aged 61 years. (Fayettevllle,
Ark., papers please copy.)
JOHNSON — In this city. August 10, 1904.
.Tohii. beloved buaband of the late Jane E.
| Johnaon. and father of Jennie L. and Wil-
liam Johnson, Mr*. E. Glasser, Mrs. D. J.
Smith, Mrs. J. Lownie and Mrs. E. Penning-
ton, a native of Norway, aged 70 years.
(Nevada. Inyo and Arizona papers please
copy.)
ITT" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Friday. August IS. at 2 p. m.. at the resi-
dence of his daughter, - 2957 Twenty-third
rtreet, nwr Alabama. Interment Cypresa 1
Latrn Cemetery.
KIMUIIA— In the City and County Hospital,
August 11. iy04. Uchieh Kimura, aced 46
years.
LIEBHARDT— In San Jose. August 10. 1904,
Kreii, hucband of Atni«£ Llebhardt, and
father of Freddie Llebhardt. and brother of
I Irs. W. Miller and August Liebhardt of
Kan Francisco.
t^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 10 a. m., /rom Ward's under-
taking parlors. 05 South Market street, San
Jcse.
LOEWE.NTHAL — In this city. August 10. 1904.
Sarah, wl'e of the late Joseph Loewenthal.
and mother of Myer, Goodman, Harry, Jacob
and Tillie Loewenihal, a native of Poland
aged 64 years C monthn ar.d 13 days. (Lcs
Angeles papers pleaire cony.)
E7"Frlc-!!ds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Friday,
August 12, at 1 p. m.. from her late resi-
dence. 3*10 Central avenue, between Halght
and Fell sf.reeta. Interment Salem Ceme-
tery, via electric car from Eighteenth and
Guerrero streets.
MALOXI3 — In this cJty, August 10. 1904.
Bridget, relict of the late John Malone, and
beloved mother of Kate and Minnie Malone.
a native of the parish of Tuam, County
Gal way. Ireland, aced CO years.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 a. m.. from her late
residence, 1116 Florida street, thence to 6t
Peter's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her aoul
at 9 a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McARDLB — In this city, August 0 1904
Thomas B.. beloved son of Bernard and the
late Hannah McArdle. ana loving brother
cf Lizzie McArdle. Mrs. J. J. Riclly and the
late Joseph M. McArdle, a native of San
Francisco. A mmber of the Painters' Union
Xo. 19.
(E7Fr!ends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 0:30 a. m.. from the parlors
of the United Undertakers, 886 Mission
etreet. . thence to St. Joa^nh's Church, v.here
a requiem high mans will be celebrated .for
the repose cf his soul, commencing at 10
a. m. Interment Holy Cress Cemetery.
UcDONOUGH— In this city. August 11, 1004
Lawrence McDonough, a native of Cleveland!
aged 66 years.
GyNotlee of funeral hereafter.
McKEEVER — In this city. August 10, 1004.
Thomas, beloved husband of Maria McKee-
ver, and father »? Thomas L., Francis B..
Joseph and Oeorge McKeever and Mr§. E
Com, a native of County Louth, Ireland,
aged 60 years.
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successors to Flann&zan ft Gallagher.
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL, DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 FUth «.. opposite Lincoln School.
. Telephone South 80. •»
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
Funeral Directors and Embalrners
Formerly Jn Metropolitan Temple.
NOW at 600 MISSION. Tel. South 167
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth at.
Finest Equipments at Moderate Rates.
Janj»» McGinn. . Henry Hansen.
jamcs mcginn & co.
Formerly With McGinn Bros.'
——Funeral Directors and Embalmers—
|__ 21«_Eddy st.; Tel. South 576.
(Friday), at 8:30 a. m., from hia late resi-
dence. »T'. Bryant street, thence to St.
JoKcrh"s Church, where a solemn requiem
urns'* will b:» celebrated for th? repose of hia
soul, commencing: at 0 o'clock. Interment
Holy Ows Cemetery. i \
i PAGE— In this city, August 10, 1904, Gustave
Louis, beloved huabancl of Bertha S. Pape,
and devoted father of Alvln O. Pa(?f and the
. late Bernhard J. and Hugo K. Pace, a na-
tive of Ka^ony, Germany, aged C6 years and
1 month. A member of Crockett I^odse No.
tl3», 1>\ Rnd A. M.: Fidelity. I^odne No.*13tt,
A. O. tl. W.. and Snn Franclsico Turn
V.. re in.
C?"l'"rien<3s and ncqualntancf* are reepect-
fui;>- Invited to attend the funeral Paturday,
August 13, at 2 n. m.. from his late re«i-
dt-nce, Turk street, between Van Ness
a-.-enue Rnd Franklin street, interment Odd
\ Fellows' Cemetery.
I P.KIDY — In this city, Aucust 11, ' 1004, Lena
i D.. dearly beloved wife of Joseph C. Reidy.
and levin? mother or Mr?." R. C. Traster and
.T'Sfio Keidy. a native of Clinton County,
Mo., aged 87 years S month* and 20 days.
ROBERTSON— In this city, August 10, 1904,
John William, beloved husband of Drusa
IJ. P.obtrtson. and father of Mrs. J. S.
l'urdle, AUnon S. Robertson. IJrs. i». p.
AVnlte and I>>ed A. KiAioriaon a. native of
Nova Scotia. aKed 62 years • months and
U days.
! KTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
| fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
• Friday), August 12. at 11 a. m., from hia
late residroce, 120 Oak street. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetary.
RO.SS — In San Anselmo, Clara Amelia, beloved
wifs of Eugene W. Rons, and beloved moiher
or Ir\'ine and Ida Ross, and sister of Arthur
Comegys. a native of California.
CNotIc* of funeral hereafter.
SHINE— In this city. Aueust 11, 1904, Cor-
nelius O.. beloved husband of Mary Shine,
nnd lovins: father of Philip B., Henrv C,
Th'.reea, Margaret and Etta Bhlne, aged 01
yeara 11 months and 15 days.
CTThe funeral will take place Sunday.
August 14. at 12:30 p. m., from his late
rasldence. 1164 Eddy street, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral for services. Interment
Holy Croaa Cemetery.
BTAFFORD— In this city, August 11, 190*.
George Stafford, a native of Ireland, aged
78 years.
BUESAIN— In San Jose. August 9, 1904,
Joseph, dearly beloved husband of Mrs.
Leonlda Sussaln, and sen of Mrs. Franka
and the late Matteo Euseain, and brother of
Antone, Frank, John and Matteo Sunsaln,
Mrs. Maria Grbar and Kate Srdoch, a native
<>f Kastay Istrla, Austria, aged 32 rears 2
months and 9 days.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday,
August 12, at 1:15 p. m. rrom his late resi-
dence, MS Union stren. between Stockton
and Dupont. Interment Italian Cemetery.
T7GHE— In this city. August 11. 1004, Mar-
garet Tijshe, dearly beloved Bister of Mrs.
D. Finnljran and the late Catherine and Wil-
liam TlRhe. a natlre of Tuam, County Gal-
way. Ireland, aged 72 years 7 months and
17 days.
(n7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at U:30 a. m.. from her late
residence, 2S2 Lexington .avenue, near
Twentlfth street, thence to Mission Dolores
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose o' her s^ul.
commencing at 10 a. m. Intermttit Holy
Cross Cemetery.
WHITFORD— In this city. August 11. 1904.
Barbara D. Whitford, beloved wife of Georga
Whitford, a native of Germany, aged 42
years.
IT7Fr!ends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Saturday), August 11. at 10
o'clock, from the- mrlors of Joseph Hagan,
1705-1707 Sacramento street, near Polk. In-
terment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
WILSON— In this city. August 10. 1904.
Richard W. Wilson, beloved father of
Richard Wilaon. a native of Ireland, aged
£>S years.
WOLF— In this city. August 11. 1904, at the
residence of htr parents, 4281 Twenty-fifth
street, between Diamond and Castro, Annie
M., dearly beloved daughter of Raymond and
Bertha Wolf, and beloved sister of Bertha,
Klsie and Raymond Wolf Jr., a native of
San Francisco, aged C days.BRAN— $21622 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $24©29 p«r ton.
SHORTS— $21622 per ton,
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $22 B0®23 B0
per ton: Oilcake Meat at the mill, $31 60&32 50;
Jobbing $33; Cocoanut Cake. - $22@23: Corij
Meal, $30 60631 60; Cracked Corn, $31632;
Mixed Feed, $22622 50; Horse Beans ¦. $30040
per ton; Broom Corn Feed, 90c per ctL
HAY— Wheat, $9011. with $12©12 60 for ex
tra fine; Wheat and- Oat. $8®11; Oat; $7 609
11 ; : Barley and Oat. $?&9 SO; Volunteer Wild
-There is no further change in anything under
this head. Receipts of Hay continue large,
but the receivers are . taking care of them In
on* way or another.
Hay and Feedstuffs.
. KANSAS -CITY. Aug. .11.— CATTLE— Re
ceipts, 3000;. steady and dull; native steers.
$3 75®5 -75; native cows and heifers, - $1 750
4 75: stockers and feeders, $2 6004 25; bulls.
$2@3 25; calves, $2 50$H 60: Western steers,
$3 7 ng5 60; .Western cows, $1 76@3 50.
HOGS— Receipts. 17,000; market 10c to 20c
higher; heavy, $4 95@5 05; packers.- 14 95©
6 10: pigs and' lights, $4 75®5 15. -.- . •.« ;• • -v
ySHEEP—Receipts, - 1000; steady; muttons,
Kansas City.
CHICAGO.' Aug. , H.-t-CATTLE— Receipts.
7000- dull; good .to. prime, steer*. $5@6; poo,,
to medium.. $4#4. 00; stockers and feeders, $20
4; cows, $1@4 25: heifers. $2ig;5; canners.. $1®
2 40; bull* $2®4 15: calves. $2 50^5 50; Texas
fed steers* $3©4 25; "Western steers, $3 5(*8>
4 50.- ':¦/• ¦ ¦.-' - -¦-.-".•' .
HOGS— Receipts, 34,000; to-morrow, 15,000;
market 10®15c lower: mixed, and butchers.
$5 20®5 50; good to choice heavy, .$5 25®5 45;
roiwh hesivy, $4 90®6 15; light, $5 25§5 57^4;
bulk, $5 2505 45. •. . ..
SHEEP — Receipts. -12.000: slow; good to
choice wethers, $> 6O®1 15; fair to choice
mixed. $2 75@3 60; Western sheep. $2 75@4 25;
native lambs. $3 75@6 50; Western lambs,
$3 7536 15.
Chicago.
j CATTL.E, SHEEP AND HOGS. J
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $4 60©
4 90, usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 50@4 SO;
Oregon and Washington. Jobbing at $3 S5@4 23
per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour, $3 50 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $3 60; Rye Meal, $3 25: Rice Flour.
$7; Corn Meal. $3 50; extra cream do. .$4 25;
Oat Groats. $4 50; Hominy. $4#4 25; Buck
wheat Flour." $4 60©4 75; Cracked Wheat. $4;
Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 75;
Rolled Oats, bbls. $7 25®8 60; in sacks, $6 75@
8 10; Pearl Barley, $6; Split Peas, boxes, $7;
Green Peas. $5 DO per 100 lbs.
,
Export conditions in the Flour trade ' are
undergoing considerable change. The rate on
Wheat and Flour via the North Pacific llrtes
from Puget Sound ports, Portland and British
Columbia to the Orient is to be advanced 25
per cent, or from $4 to $5 per ton, beginning
September 1. The new Japanese duty on
Flour will become effective a month after the
$5 rate on Flour becomes operative, and Flour
delivered in Japan will stand the northern
millers just $1 75 more than It does now.
Flour and Millstuffs.
NEW TORK. Aug. 11. — There was a period
of great strength and animation in the stock
market to-day, while the first interpretation of
the Government crop report was the\ dominant
inf.uence In the market. -The confidence with
which the buying of stocks was conducted was
materially Impaired later in the day. The wild
upshoot of prices in the wheat market was a
serious unsettlement to the optimistic views
deduced from the reading of the Government
crop report. The strength of the corn market
also caused grave misgiving over the seeming
promii«e of a record crop of that cereal hf-ld
out by the Government crop report. But be
sides these influences it must be borne tn mind
that an enormous amount of profit- taking was
accomplished during the active and rising mar
ket for the morning. This had the effect of
.distributing stocks from stronger to weaker
hands and of diminishing the motive for sup
porting the market by tbe powerful speculative
operators who had been reducing their hold
ings. The reactionary tendency of the Metro
politan Tractions because of selling to take
profits on yesterday's violent rise was a drag
on the general market. An attempt was made
to remedy this by forcing Metropolitan Securi
ties to a higher level. But the stock failed to
hold and the movement was most effective In
curing the skepticism which had developed
In the prevailing sentiment. The disturbance
aroused in the steel trade by the discussion
over the steel billet cut has developed a suspi
cion that the conditions In that trade art not
as tranquil as have been reported In the main
tenance of agreements for sustaining prices.
United States Steel preferred showed a very
slight response to the strength of "the market
a u . la i£ drcp he 'ped much to unsettle th«
market. Tht? engagement of gold for ship
ment to London had rather less than Its usual
sentimental Influence against the market, as
the week s receipts of gold here on account of
Japanese and Australian arrivals at San Fran
cisco have been liberal, and the morning's ca
bles reported another shipment of $1.750 000
during the morning had every appearance of
important buying, and it was taken for granted
"»V large commitments were being made that
had waited on the Government 1 * report of the
August 1 ccndlUon of the crops before making
a determination. It was held that the corn
prospects therein Indicated were brilliant and
that tho reported damage to spring wheat
had been much exaggerated. The movement
In Southern Pacific and Union Pacific and the
character of tbe buying In them wens esDe
dally imposing. But the grain and cotton
carriers enjoyed a good demand for all sec
tions of the crop region. Northwestern made
a special response" to the favorable annual re
port. The rise of a point In Reading was not
very effective In helping tbe other coalers and
trunk lines, and the industrials, which were
conspicuous yesterday, fell .Into the back
ground. After the grain markets had closed
for the day It. was found feasible to rally tbe
stock market, I«d by Southern Pacific, which
Nezv York Stock Market.
Continued on Page 13. .
Fair Demand for Gooa\ Bonds and.,
Sugar Stocks.
Business on the local exchanges continues
light aa a rule, with some call for good bonds
and sugar stocks on the Stock and Bond Ex- .
change. It is reported that the abundance, oc
money Is leading large financial Interests to
Invest in bonds to keep their money earninsr
something Instead of lying idle.
A flash from New York yesterday said that ;
there was a rumor there that the Southern
Pacific was soon to declare a dividend o! l l j
per cent.
A aale of $5000 Valley Counties Power 5s is
reported at $"*6 62 ft.
A sale of the Mission Bank stock, $50 pa»w
value, was made last week at $60 per share
Ex-dlvidend yesterday: Central Eureka Min
ing Company of California, regular monthly. 5o
per share and an extra of 5c per share,
amounting' to 140.000.
Four Oil has declared a dividend of lc per
share, amounting to $3000, payable August 1 ."»»•¦
Home OH has declared a dividend of 2ftc per
share, amounting to $2500. payable August U0.
STOCK AXD BOXP EXCHANGE.'
THURSDAY. Aug. 11—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask.t Bid. Ask.
is qr coup..lO*>t4106»i|45 qr cp new.WH4l.T2
4s qr reg...lO8^1Ct>%t3s qr coup.. .105 105»i;
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.-
Ala A W 5s. — — lOak T Co 6s.llSftl20fti
Asso Oil 5«. 70 — I Do 5s llOVt — :
Bay CPC 5s.l01ftlC2ft Do con 5s. — —
Cal C G 5s.l01ftlO4 Oceanic S 5s. — 72>jT
Cal G A E K Om Cable 6s. 121 — •
m & ct 5«. — S5 Pac G Im 4s. 82ft 9>*5
Cal-st C 6s. 112ft — |P E Ry 5s.. — 105
C C Wat 5s. — 101 IP * C H 63.IOB —
EdL &P6s.— — P&OR 6S.114 —
F * C H 6s.ll2ft — Powell-st «». — 114
Geary-st 5s.. — 83 Sac EG*R5s. 9»<mOO - '
H C&9 SftS.lPO — SF & SJV5s.ll7ft — ; . '
Dob /?.. S»ftl00 Sierra P. 6s..lC8 —
Hoc R T 6s.l06%107 5 P of A ft '
LA Elec 5s. - - dOCtt) 107U107tj|
L A Ry 5S..115U — OWO) 108% — .
L A L Co 6s — — S Pof C 6s
Do gtd e,3. — — fltX^Sr A. 108ft — -
Do *td 5s. — lOTJft OiXttlSr B.KHft J^»*i
LAP lem 6S.1OH4 — (1DO6> lOfi ~~M
Mkt-st C 69.114 — - <1912) U« llT^*
Do lem Ss.115 — SPC 1 eg 5s.ll5* 4 — c
MV& MtTSs.lOO — Do «tampd.lO9 —
NRR of C6S.103U — S P B R «»-t32
Do 5s 117% — 9 V Wat 6s.lO«*« —
¦ N P C R 5S.105 10« Do 4s 2dm. OOS10OV8
jj C Ry 5».. — 112 Do 4s 3dm. 89V» — •:
V C P C Rs. — 10O Do g mtg4s 6« — - -r
N S R R 58.101 — |Stkn G&Efie. M ,.T«f
OGLAHSs.llO 111 |U G 4 E 58.105 —*]M
O W gtd 5e. — 100 I
WATER STOCKS.
Contra. Costa 35 r.7 jPort Cost*... — -- .
Maria Co... — 60 18 V Wat Co. 56% ST
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
! Cent L *-P. 3% 3%IS F G & E. 60tt 61*1
Mutual BL- 14 Stkn O ft E. <g «£.
Pao L Co... 56*i — IUO4BC9.— — j.-.
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fad. — 340 |
BANK STOCKS.
Am NU Bk~127Hl-' 5 2 l 3!L P & A — 13i-~,
Anglo-Cal . . S5 80 |Mer Trust.... 21 2 M —
Bank of Cal. 420 — Mercb Ex.... 50 —
Cal Safe Dp. — 150 IS F Natlonl. — • — - -
First Natlonl — — . I
SAVINGS BANKS.
r Ger S & L.22S0 2350 jSav * L So. — 100
Hum SAL. — — I Sec Sav Bk.3SO 400;. „
Mutual Sav. 105 — (Union T Co.. — — _
S F Sar U.605 630 j
STREET RAILROADS. ' lV
California. ..192^198 IPresldlo SS 41
' Geary 5 — I •
POWDER.
Giant 60 — iVigorit — '- ' *"
SUGAR. •
Hana P Co.. — 20c Kllauea S C. — 4
1 Hawaiian C. 52% M Makawell C. 23% —
Honokas, 8 G 12V, 12% Onomea S C. 23 30. _.
Hutch SPC 8% 0 Paauhau S C. 13% — -~
• MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A. 124 123 vj! Oceanic 8 Co. — 4^fl.
Cal F C A. — 100 Pac Aux FA. — »••*-?
Cal Wine A. 82% — Pac C Borx. — —
MVt MtTm.100 —
Morning Session.
40 Alaska Packers' Association. ..125 f>0
NEW TORK, Aug. 11. — CLOSE — Money on
call was yery cany at %^l per cent; closing
bid, *i per cmt; offered at 1 per cent.
Time loans were easy and dull- with sixty
and ninety days at 2 per cent and six months
at 314 cer cent. BiKieHS
Prime mercantile paper — (@4ft per cent.
Sterling exchange — Firm, then easier, with
actual business in bankers' bills at $4.6S35 for
demand and at $4.S545 for xlxty-day bills
Poeted rates— $4 86@4 86ft and $4 8»fl4 S9ft.
Commercial bills— $4 84ft.
Bar silver — 58 5 .ic
Mexican dollars— 45«ic.
Bonds — Governments, firm; railroad*, strong.
Nctv York -Money Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
STOCK MARKET.
Pocatello ....29.62 88 60 S Pt.Cldy .38
Independence .29.72 l>2 70 SB Clear .00
Lob Angeles.. 29. 76 84 60 SW Clear ' .00
Mt Tamalpals.29.S5 78 63 N Clear .00
North Head ..3O.l>4 56 62 NW Clear .00
Phoenix 2V.70 104 82 N" Rain ' .00
Pt Reyes Lt..29.79 58 49 NW Clear .00
Portland 29.94 72 48 NW Clear .00
Rfd Bluff 29.70 88 62 SE Clear .00
! Rcwburg 2».f>2 S2 48 N Clear . .00
j Kacramento ..29.74 1>2 54 S Clear .00
Salt Lake 29.82 9* 64 W Pt.Cldy .10
i San Francisco 29.84 64 52 W Clear ¦ .00
I.S. L. OblFpo. .29.84 7« 52 NW Clear .00
! San Diego ...29.xO 74 6« W Clear .<*>
Seattle ... 3O.O4 72 48 NW Pt.Cldy .00
; Spokane 2H.H4 82 5rt SW Clear .00
! Tato-vfh 30.05 56 50 NW Pt.Cldy .00
I Walla Walla. 20. 00 84 56 SW Clear .00
jWinnemucca. .23.78 90 62 SW Clear .00
Yuma 29.64 106 78 SW Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Thunderstorms are reported In Arizona and
Utah. Throughout California pleasant and
! somewhat warmer weather prevails. In the
I great valleys afternoon temperatures range
i fr^m 92 to 100 degrees. *
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
j hours ending: midnieht. Aucuft 12:
Northern California — Fair Friday; continued
warm: light north winds. - • .;» ~
Southern California — Fair Friday; light
sauthweft wind.
.Nevada — Fair Friday.
San Frani Isco and vicinity — Fair Friday;
j light south winds, changing to fresh westerly.
A. G- McADIE. District Forecaster.
Fruit and Wheat Bulletin.
For the trrenty-four hours ending 5 p. m..
12<nh meridian time. San Francisco. Aug. 11:
a 2 o ™ a
?a* <jr o -•a f»
a a = 3 --2. £ a
STATIONS. «gs| 3§ ?- =
I s I P- ?' :
3 3: ; •
! Clcverdale ~©1 46 7. Clear
! Colusa 92 57 .. Clear .00
Eureka ...: 58 48 NW Clear .00
Fres-ni , 100 66 .. Clear .00
Hanford 100 57 .. Clear .00
Hrlliste-r ..-• 81. 46 .. Clear .00
! Independency 92 70 SE Clear .00
Livermore !>4 49 .. Clear .CO
Los Angele* 84 00 SW Clear .00
Merced 100 57 .. Clear .CO
Napa S2 80 .. Clear .00
Newcastle 97 78 S Clear .00
Newman 101 50 .. Clear .00
Pa:ermo 97 52 .. Clear .00
P.ed Bluff 98 C2 SE Clear .00
Riverside SI9 •*» .. Clear .00
I Sacramento 92 54 S Clear .00
j San Diego 74 6« W Clear .00
I San Francisco ..... 64 52 W Clear .00
San Jose 84 48 .. Clear .00
San Luis Oblspo 7S 52 NW Clear .00
I Santa. Mari* T2 • 55 ..-Clear -.00
Par.ta Rosa S5 43 . . Clear .00
Stockton 87 52 .. -Clear .«)
Willows ....... S5 58 S Clear .00
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
Colut-a — Apple crop large; other crop con
ditions unchanged.
Willows — All crops in good condition.
Hollister— Small apricots good quality, but
Injured some by codlin moth.
Stockton — Shipments of Lovell peaches ar
riving- at cannery: poor color and quality.
Livermore — Conditions unchanged.
Napa — All crops continue -in good condition.
San Jose— Grapes ripening very good.
Newman — No chance.
Riverside — Continued warm nights beneficial
to citrus fruits. .
Cloverdale — Grape crop showing lighter than
exacted.
Santa Maria — Sugar beets showing excellent
growth; high eugar percentage; beans below
averare.
Palermo — Orchardltts drying Bartlett pears;
weather favorable.
Hanford-^Gaod grape crop; peaches being
shipped East in large quantities.
King City — Foggy mornings.
A. G. MeADIE.
Oat. $7®9; stable $769 50; stock*. $6 50«7 50;
Clover, $7 60®9 50; Alfalfa, $7310 50 per ton.
STRAW— 40®70c per bale.
¦ . ¦ •
Beans and Seeds.
Niles Peas are offering at the quotations.
Blackeye Beans are higher and . In demand.
Pinks are weak for reasons already ; stated.
Lima* continue firm at previous prices.
BEANS— Bay os $2 40@2 55; Pea. $3: But
ters. $3: small White $2 f>5@3 05; large White.
*2 40@2 55: Pink. $3 4O33 50; Red. $4 25;
Lima. $3 6C*g3 65: Red Kidneys. $4 25: Black
eyes. $2 40 per ctl: Horse Beans, $1 75®2. .
SER'DS — Brown Mustard, none here: Yellow
Mustard. $3 25; Flax. $1 0002 25; Canary. 6%
67c; Alfalfa. 15®15»;c; Rape lft@2ftc: Timo
thy. 5%c; Hemp. 3^©3ftc per lb> Millet. 2ft
©3ftc: Broom Corn Seed $2f>©2l per ton.
DRIED PEAS — Niles. $2@2 25; new Green
Peas, $2(g2 25 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
and prices In the Potato market
showed no change from the previous report.
Trade was moderately active, both locally and
for shipping account, but stocks were moro
than sufficient for requirements and the mar
ket generally had a weak tone. Sweet Pota
toes from Merced were selling at 4c per pound,
an advance, and some extra fancy lot* were
firmly held at 5c. Onions were In light re
ceipt and the best stock had another slight
advance.
Trade In miscellaneous vegetables wa3
active and fresh arrivals of Summer Squash
and Cucumbers did better. Tomatoes con
tinued to strengthen and, although receipts
were liberal, the market cleaned up well.
Green Corn was very weak, with poor stock tn
sacks selling below the quotations. Garlio
was firmly held by the few dealers who con
trolled the bulk of the supplies.
POTATOES— New Burbanks from the river,
75c®$l 10 per ctl In sacks and 80c<@$l 25 per
ctl In boxes; Salinas Burbanks, $1 5091 65 per
ctl; Watsonvllle Burbanks. $1 25©1 50; Early
Rose, nominal: Garnet Chiles. S5c<g$l; old Po
tatoes, nominal. "
ONIONS— *1 1O@1 35 per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn. 7.Vr©$l 23 per
sack; crates from Alameda, $l*gl 25; from
Berkeley. 85c@$l; String and Wax Beans, nom
inal; Lima Beans. 2#2ftc per lb; Tomatoes in
small boxes, nominal; large open boxes. 60^75c
for river and 85c@$l for bay; Summer Squash.
35@50c per box; Cabbage. 73c per ctl: Carrots,
$1 per sack; Cucumbers! 25@5Oc per box;
Pickle Cucumbers, nominal; Garlic. 4J?4ftc
per lb: Egg Plant. 35@50c per box; Dried
I Peppers, nominal; Green Okra. 40@50c per box;
Green Peppers. 25<@3Oc per box; Marrowfat
Squash. $15@20 per ton.
Poultry and Game.
- The Poultry market was heavily supplied and
generally weak,; with all dealers complaining
of the dullness of trade. Two cars of Western
were on sale and the receipts of domestic sf tock
on the morning express were nearly 10O coops.
H«ns and old Roosters stood as previously
quoted, while young chickens, which consti
tuted the bulk of Of receipts of domestic
fowls, were quoted lower. Geese, Ducks and
• Turkeys were In light receipt and ruled firm
at previous prices. Game or good quality met
with prompt sale and Doves were quoted
higher.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 24$25c per lb for
young and 18®20c -for old; Geese, per pair.
$1 50^1 75; Goslings, $1 7562; Ducks. $4 5Cfr3
per dozen for old and $4 50® 5 50 for young;
Hens. $505 50 for large and $4 5095 for
small; young Roosters. $6'§'7; old Rooster*.
$4@5; Fryers $1 50@4; Broilers'. $2@3: Pigeons
i $1 50 per dozen for old and $1 25@1 50 for
I Squabs.
GAME — Wild Doves. 60@75c per dozen; Hare,
$1 25@1 50 per dozen; Cottontail Rabbits. $1 50
62 per dozen.
¦ •
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The markets were again very dull yesterday,
some houses reporting trade almost at a stand
j still. There was no change in Butter, condi- j
i tions. remaining as stated in yesterday's Call, (
j but Eggs were lc higher for fine ranch, which j
I continue scarce. The Cheese market continues 1
I flat and dull, with Oregon shipping large lines I
j here. ... . .1
Receipts were 45,200 lbs Butter. 780 cases
1 Eggs and 21.200 lbs Cheese. 1
: BUTTER — Creamery at first hands. 25c for j
i extias and 23®24c for firsts; dairy, 19t?21c; I
store Butter, 15@17c; Eastern creamery. 19ft9
20c; Eastern ladle- packed, 14#15ftc per lb.
i CHEESE— 0@9ftc for choice mild new and
¦ SgSftc for lower grades; Young Americas. 11®
: llftc: Eastern. 10® 15c;, Utah. 12c per lb.
i EGGS — Ranch. 26Q'27e for choice and 22®25c
! for fair to good ;~ store. 19©21c; Eastern, 20© 1
• 22ftc for firsts and lSft@19c for seconds. 1
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
\--f.-Z ¦-..- ¦
Peaches in srmall and medium sized packages
were in increased supply, but the demand for !
' fine table varieties continued brisk, and such j
'. stock cleaned up well. A few small lots of I
I mountain fruit were received from Coloma and
I met with quick sale. Strawberry Freestones 1
; selling at 00c and yellow Crawfords at Wa75c '
¦ per small box. Crawfords in large boxes were j
i steady, while the Muir variety of Freestones, j
' similarly packed, could not be sold at any j
; price, and the canners were unable to use their !
: contract supplies of the latter and were oiler- {
I ing them for sale In the open market. The '
! Apple market -was firm and some dealers were 1
j asking $1 5O per box for the best Gravensteins. )
: but there was hardly enough business at that
I figure to justify such a quotation. Advices
! from Watsonvllle say that the crop of Bell
¦ flowers in that section is short and the best
j * tock ia firmly held by growers at $1 15 per
! box. The- canners were buying small lots of
! Green Gage Plums at $15 per ton and were
i still buying Pears at the long -established rates.
Small packages of Plums and Prunes were
generally weak, while Nectarines and Figs
were firm. Grapes were plentiful and sold at
1 Irregular prices as to quality and variety.
Melons were In good request owing to the
warm, sunny weather, but prices were lower,
as there were more on the market than the
trade could well care for. Berries were gen
erally weak but the receipts cleaned up well.
STRAWBERRIES— $3^5 per chest for Long
worths. $435 for Alviso Berries and $2 60@5
for the larger varieties. ' '
BLACKBERRIES— $1 50@3 per chest.
RASPBERRIES — $5®8 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES — 8®10c per lb.
APPLES — $1 1O@1 35 per box for fancy. 85c
<fj$l for choice and 40<875c for common; Crab I
Apples, 00c for small boxes and $1 for large. J
PEARS— Bartletta $1@1 15 per box for
wrapped stock; in bulk. $25@30 per ton for
No. 1 and 25@50c per box for No. 2.
PEACHES— Small boxes. 35S60c; carriers.
60<370c: small open boxes. CO® 75c; lug boxes.
$1@1 23
PLUMS AND PRUNES — 10®«5c per crate
and 25fff40c per small box; Plums In bulk.
$7 50® 15 per ton.
NECTARINES— 75cS$l per crata for red
and 50@€0c for white
FIGS— 90ctg«l 50 per box.
MELONS — Cantaloupes. $151 25 per crate;
Nutmeg Melons. 25<g40c per box; Watermelons.
$5@2O per hundred.
GRAPES— Seedless. 60@75c per small box or
crate; Tokay. 75c@$l per crate and 75c<g$l
' for open boxes; Sweetwater. 40@50c per crate
and 75c for open boxes; other varieties, 50@75c
per crate.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges, U 50©2 75 per
box for Valencias: Lemons, $2 25@2 75 for
! fancy. $1 2r>Sf 1 75 for choice and 75c@$l 25 for
j standard: Mexican Limes. $4@4 SO per case;
Bananas, $1 50<a3 per bunch for Central Ameri
can and 75c@$l 50 for Hawaiian; Plneapj.*±s.
$1 25§2 per dozen. . .
Dried Fruits,Nuts,Raisins,Honey.
_ - \
Sales of dark Hawaiian Honey as low as 3c
are reported. The market continues very quiet.
There Is nothing new in Fruits.
FRUITS— New crop — Apricots, 7ftG9ft°:
Peaches, 5%@7ftc per lb; Pears. eftOftc; Figs.
2-crown bricks. 52ftc: 3-crown. 55c: 4-crown.
65c; 6-crown. 75c; bulk white. 3%@3ftc; black.
4c. Old crop— Evaporated Apples. 6ft@7ftc per
pound.
PRUNES— 1903 crop. 1%©2Hc for the four
sizea.
1 RaISINS-— Association f. o. b. price* Fresno
(subject to change without notice) are as fol
lows: 50-lb boxes — Loose Muscatels. 3-crown.
3c; 2-crown. 2ftc: Malaga, loose. 3-crown.
2%c; 2-crown, 2Vic: seedless Sultanas. 3c;
seedless Muscatels. 2ftc; Seeded Raisins. 16-oz
cartons, fancy. 4ftc; choice. 4c: 12 -oz Cartons,
fancy, 3%c; choice, 3%c per lb.
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. 13ft£14c;
No. 2. llft@12c; No. 1 hardshell. 13@13ftc:
1 No. 2. ll@llftc; Almonds. 13V«<ei3%c for new
'• Nonpariels. 12%©12%c for I X L. 12912ftc for
: Ne Plus Ultra; Peanuts. 6@7c tor Eastern; Pe
' cans HG13c; Cocoanuts $4 50Q3.
HONEY— Comb. llft@13c for white and 10<9
1 lie for amber: water white extracted. 6ft©
' 6ftc;- light amber extracted. 5®€c; dark, 33
" 4*c ¦' ; v,,.
1 BEESWAX— 27©29c per lb.
1 ~~™"~"
; Provisions.
• Dull and feautrelesa markets everywhere are
: still the rule.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. lOftc per lb for
: heavy.- lie for light medium. 13c for light.
14c for extra light and 17c for sugar
: cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 14c; Call-
I fornla Hams 13c; Mess Beef. $10@10 50 per
' bbl; extra Mess. $11911 50; Family. $12912 50;
. prime Mees Pork. $14 60; extra clear* $24;
Mess $18; Dry Salted Pork. 9%c; Plg*Pork.
$26; Ptgs' Feet, $5; Smoked Beef. 14c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted, at 6%c per lb for
compound and 9ftc for pure; half -barrels,
pure. 9%c; 10-lb tins. lO^c: 5-lb tins.. 10%c;
¦ 3-lb tins. lOftc. ¦ • . ¦
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 8%c; thres
I half barrels. 8V4C: one tierce, 8ftc; two tierces,
8c; flvs tierces. 7%e per lb. .\
Hides, Tallmv, Wool and Hops.
; HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
1 about ft@lc under quotations. Heavy , salted
; steers, 10c: medium. 9c; light. Sftc; Cow
• Hides. 8ftc for heavy and 8ftc for light:
Stags 6c; Salted Kip. 9ftc; Salted Veal., lQc:
Salted Calf lie: dry Hides 16c: dry K|p. 13c:
> dry Calf. 18c: Sheepskins, shearlings. 25#30c
1 each; short Wool, 40t?65c each; medium. 709
CHICAGO. Aug. 11.— Wheat prices broke
the record for the present crop to-day by an |
; upward whirl of 4 Vic to '494c a bushel. The |
motive was the Government report, . which, j
without taking Into account rust damage with
in the last ten days, estimated the yield of j
winter and spring wheat at 47,000,000 bushels 1
less than promised a month ago. At the j
close September, as compared with yesterday's
final figures, showed a net gain of 2%c. .Corn |
Is up 7 ic Oats are %c higher. Provisions J
closed 2Vjc higher to 2Cc lower. i
The wheat market, keyed up to the highest !
pitch of nervousness, seemed to need only the I
official declaration of the deficit Indicated by!
the Government report as a cause for a paroxysm
Of bullishness. Quantities of long wheat
thrown on the market at the. start by un
suspecting longs with profits produced a mo
mentary easier tone and a loss In the opening ;
figures. Further than that the effect of »uch
celling was practically nil. September values
suffered lc to Uic under the opening pressure,
the first trades being at. 99?4c to $1. The
stimulus of the Government report became at
once apparent, although the culmination of Its i
Influence aid not come until the last hour j
Of trading. Successive Valns In the price of ;
September were recorded with the demand
becoming more and more general as offerings
became lighter. When the $1 02 mark had
been passed the desire to possess wheat seemed i
to feeize upon all alike. Individuals who had \
been inclined to bearishneas became frantic
bulls, while others who had sold short ap
peared to have become nearly panic-stricken.
Almost a sheer Jump to $l'04ft was the re- j
suit. Fortunate holders of long lines were j
tempted by the high prices and their sales
checked the adva'nee and brought about a
partial reaction. September receded to $1 03%,
but eloped strong at $1 03%. .
Corn for September delivery opened at a loss I
of %(fftc at 53e53ftc. September later sold j
up to 54%c on the wheat bulge, declining to
&4%c, the closing figure.
Oats opened lower, but the close was firm
at 34%c, a lose of ftc from the top.
Heavy receipts of hogs had a depressing ef
! feet. September pork at the close was down
20o. lard is off 2ftc and ribs closed 5c lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 —
Pept (old) 1 01 <* 1 05»i 1 01 Si 1 O5»4
• Pept (new) 100ft 104ft m\ 103%
: December WVi' 1 03% 08»; 1 02%
May 100% 104% 100 1 04ft
i Corn No. 2 —
August , 53*;
September 53 ft 54% 53ft 54%
December .49% 61% 49% 51ft
t Oats No. 2 —
i September 33% 35 33% 34%
I December 34%, 35% 34% 35%
I May 36ft 37ft 36% 37%
• Mess Pork, per bbl —
September 11 85 12 05 11 02ft 11 05
October 12 07ft 12 10 12 00 12 05
Lard, per 100 lbs — ¦
September 6 «2ft 6 70 6 60 6 70
October 6 70 6 80 6 70 6 SO
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs —
September 7 50 7 55 7 60 ' 7 B2ft
October 7 47ft 7 55 -7 47ft 7 52ft
Cash. Grain and Proz'isions.
CHICAGO, Aug. 11. — Cash quotations were,
as follows: Flour, easy; No. 2 spring wheat,
1 SI 0701 08; No. 3, OSc^ll 05; No. 2 red, $1 01ft
1 01 05%; No. 2 corn. 54%c; No. 2 yellow. 5tf^c;
I No. 2 oats. 32®33ftc; No. 2 white. 33%iS>36c;
No. 3 white. 35<535Vic; No. 2 rye, 70ft@71ftc;
good feeding barley, 33040c ;¦ fair to choice
malting, 42® l 45c: No. 1 flaxseed. $1 19; No. 1
Northwestern. $1 2tift! prime timothy seed, $3;
mesa pork, per barrel, $12@12 12ft ; lard, per
100 lbs; $6 60®6 62ft; short ribs sides (loose),
J7 4. r iS>7 55; short clean sides (boxed), $3@8 25;
whisky, basis of high wines, $1 28; clover, con
tract grade. $11 50@ll 75. • •
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels............. 24,600 25.900
Wheat, bushels 145.000 ' 137,000
Corn, bushels.,.: 119,900 614,700
Oats, bushels............. 327.700 233.600
Rye. bushels... 3.000 3.400
Barley, bushels 4,400 3.700
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.-
CHICAGO. Aug. 11.— On the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was firm.
Creameries. 13#17c; dairies, 12<jM5c. Eggs,
•teady. 12ft@16%c. Cheese, steady, 7%@8ftc.
Future Grain and Provisions.
2 p. m. Session.
December — $1 09ft.
OATS — Steadily held, but not active on local
account. The Inquiry for seed continues fair.
White. $1 40@l 45; Surprise. $1 45@1 50;
Red, $1 27ft@l 35 for feed and $1 35«1 37ft
for seed; Black. $1 25.fl 35 for feed and $1 40
@1 45 for seed.
CORN — Small round yellow has a wide range,
according to age. as there is some two-year
old stock offering* at the inside figure. A sale
of choice current crop Is reported at $1 62ft.
The other descriptions remain unchanged.
The Chicago letter of R. Brent Mitchell says:
"The Government report is fully as good as
expected and caused a little easier opening.
The confirmation of the previous rumor that
Austria-Hungary has prohibited exports of
corn and barley Is considered a very bullish
Incident and contributed greatly to the
strength. Temperatures are a little lower.
Country offerings are little larger than yester
day. Induced probably by the advance In price.
There la. however, a pretty good cash demand
and the demand seems equal to the supply.
The Price Current speaka of a less confident
view of the corn crop because of the dry
weather. It Is a broad and active market and
its general tone and actions are strong."
Western sacked. $1 47ft@l 50 for Yellow and
White and $1 45@1 47ft for Mixed; California
large Yellow, $1 50©l 57ft: small, round do,
$1 55@1 62ft: White, nominal; Egyptian. $130
@1 35 for White and $1 2531 30 for Brown.
RYE— $1 2501 30 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT — Nominal at $1 75©2 per Ctl.
Feed. $1 05@l 10; new Brewing and Ship
ping $1 12ft@l 17ft; Chevalier $1 17ftj?l 30
per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 09% $1 10 $1 00% $1 09 '*
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 46ft $1 46ft $1 4«H $1 4«U
BARLEY — The market was quiet, both as
to cash grain and futures, at practically un
changed quotations. The general figure for
cash Feed was $1 08 «i.
CASH BARLEY.
, Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 45?; $1 47% $1 45*; $1 46ft
2 p. m. Session.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11 :S0 a. m.
California Club, $1 37 H@* 42 U,: California
White Australian. $1 55® 1 57H; Northern
Club. $1 37^(51 42'.4; Northern Bluestem.
$1 52%®1 65 per ctl.
CASH WHEAT.
This market continued quiet and easy as to
the cash grain, but futures were higher tn
sympathy with Chicago. Trading was rather
better than on the preceding day, but was not
active.
Chicago ran up 3Uc to $1 04^i,but fell back
a little at the close. ¦¦
E. F. Hutton & Co.'s Chicago wire3 said:
"The advance was i caused by further crop
damage reports. The sentiment, however,
seems to be changing a little. Northwest ad
vices, while still bad. are more conservative
and the tendency now Is to modify the esti
mates of damage. The cash situation Is:
Large receipts and a poor demand. The pit
crowd are buying on Snow's bullish crop re
port. The' Cincinnati Price Current saya that
conditions hare not Improved, but gives a crop
of 600.000.000 bushels. The Michigan State re
port gives a crop of 5.500,000 bushels, against
15,500,000 last year. Minneapolis wired at the
close: "Looks like rain for the Northwest this
afternoon and to-morrow. This will fix the
crop/ "
The letter of R. Brent Mitchell said: "Mar
ket opened rather sharply down on the Gov
ernment report but soon turned strong and
advanced rapidly. It was on the same in
fluences as heretofore. The Northwest con
tinues to send crop damage report*. A great
many conservatives In touch with the condi
tions In the Northwest are of the opinion thai
the damage Is being overestimated, but from
the nature of the cause of the damage It is
pretty hard to have a satisfactory opinion as
to- Its extent at this stage. Market Is ex
tremely nervous and with "the light stocks ad
vances readily' on a moderate volume of buy-
Ing. Cash situation Is perhaps a little better.
Foreign markets do not follow our advance
and to-day's closing prices are higher than in
Liverpool. The whole situation is unusual and
we think Invites very conservative advice and
action." -
WHEAT — :Parls futures were higher and Liv
erpool futures weaker.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Chicago Board of Trade.
New York on Mexico 216
Berlin on London 20.48
Paris on London 25.26ft
Sterling Exchange, sixty days — $4 86
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 S3
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 90
New York Exchange, sight — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 12>4
Silver, per ounce — 68 V«
Mexican Dollars 46 © 46 W
INTERNATIONAL.
LOCAL.
Mexican Exchange Is lower and Continental
on London higher. Domestic rates are un
changed
Exchange and Bullion.
.90c: long Wool. $191 SO; Horse Hides. Milt.
$2 75 for large and $2Q2 50 for medium. $1 25
©1 "5 for small and 50c for Colts; Horsa H!de«.
dry $1 73 for large and $1 50 for medium, tit?
1 23 for small and 50c for Colts. Buck Skins —
Dry Mexican 30c; dry salted Mexican. 25c; dry
Central American. 30c. Goat Skins — Prim*. An
goras 75c- extra large do. $1 25: larg* and
smooth 60c; medium. 35c; small. 20c.
TALLOW— No. t rendered. 4©4^io per lb}
No 2 3Uc: grease. 2H«3c.
tvo6l> Spring Clip— Humboldt and Mendo
dno 1701i>c : San Joaquin and Southern. 13!
months* 10©12c; do T months'. »@llo per lb:
Middle Counties. 13tn7c for free and 12915c*
for defective; Northern. HMglSc for fre« an>i
14916c for defective; Nevada. 13@16e. accord
in* to condition. * ,. „ . . «..*
HOPS— Nominally 25c per lb for ehoic* 130*
crop. ' J
Meat Market.
Previous conditions rul». with a <su;tt market,
DRESSED MEATS. — —
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — Satire for Ste*rs and 433a per IS
for Com.
VEAL — Large. 8®7c; small.' ?0So p«r Ifc. —
MUTTON— Wethers. 7»8c; Ewes. e%07«
per lb.
LAMB— 9<39^C per lb.
. PORK— Dressed Hogs. tmfWie p«r lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, soun J
Livestock delivered In San Francisco, less SO
per cent shrinkage for Cattle: ; •
CATTLE — Steen. 7\ie7^c; Cowg and
Heifers. 5^e«Hc; thin Cows. 4£5e per lb. . .
CALVES — »©4V,c per lb (gross welght>
SHEEP— Wethers. 3^S3?ic; Ewes, 3«3Vi3
per lb {gross weight).
LAMBS — $2 50«2 T5 per head.
HOGS-^LlT« Hogs. 140 to 20O lbs. 4%«4%c: ¦
200 to 250 lbs. 4V,c: 130 lbs and under. *\?c;
over 250 lbs. 4^«c; soft'Hogs. nominal; Sows.
20 per cent off; Boars. 50 per cent off. and
Stag*. 40 per cent oft from above Quotations.
General Merchandise.
f!
BAGS — Grain Bags. $5 l'.fJS 25: San Quen« ¦
tin. M "3: Wool Bags. r,0^C2e; Fleece Twine.
7Hc; Fruit Bags. 6^u7hc for whits and 7ct '
for brown Jute.
COAL — Wellington. $S per ton; New Welling
ton $8: Seattle. $Q 50; Bryant. $6 90: Beavar
Hill. $5 50; Stanford. $7: Ro«lyn. $7; Coo*
Bay. $5 CO: Greta. $7; W»Us#nd, $7; Richmond.
$7 50; Cumberland. $13 In bulk and $14 25 tr»
sacks- Pennsylvania Anthracite E?k. $1*;
Welsh Anthraelte Egsf. $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 50; Cannel. $9 50 per ton: Coke. $11 «0^l3
per ton In bulk and $15 In sacks; Rocky Main
tain descriptions. $11 45 per 20OO lbs aaJ $13 SO
per long ton. according to brand. s»
OILS — Quotations ara for barrels: for case*
sdd 6c; Linseed. 57c per gallon for boiled and.
55c for raw; Castor Oil. In cases No. 1. 70c;
Bakers' AA. cases. $1 1OQ1 12: Lurt>l. SOc for
boiled and 48c for raw; China Nut. casej.
eSSSOc per gallon: Cocoanut Oil. tn barrels.
58c for Ceylon and C5c for Australian; extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil. 68c: natural winter
Sperm Oil. 63c; 'extra bleached winter Whalai
Oil. 67c; natural Whala Oil. 52c; extra winter
strained Lard Oil. 75c; No. 1 Lard Oil. 65c;
purs Neatsfoot Oil, 73c: No. 1 Neatsfoot OH,
63c- light Herring Oil. 42c; dark Herrtn? Oil.'
40c: Salmon Oil. 34c; boiled Fish Oil. 37c; raw*
Fish OH 35c: boiled Paint Oil, 33c; raw Paint
Oil 31c.'
COAL OIL — Water White Coal OH. la bulk.
I 13c: Pearl OH. in cases. 19»*c: Astral. 19HcS
Star. W-ie; Extra Star. 24c; Ela'.n*. 26c; Eo
; cene, 23c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline, In bulk. '
16c: In cases. 22Vjc; Benzine. In bulk. 13c; la
cases. 194c: 8tS-degre« Gasoline, in balk. 23c;
in cases 31c.
' TURPENTINE— 81c per gallon In cases ami
I 75c tn drums and Iron barrels.
! RED AND WHITE LEAD — Red Lead. 1K9
7%c per lb; White Lead. 7 >•« Q:7 ¦*-; c. according
I to quantity.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 10O-lb bags?
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, C.15e: •
! Powdered. 6c; Candy Granulated. 6c; Dry
j Granulated, fine. 5.90c; Dry Granulated, coarse.
1 5.90c; Fruit Granulated. 6c; Beet Granu
| lated (lOO-lb bags only>. ; Confectioners*
A. 5.90c: Magnolia A. 5.5Oc: Extra C. 3.40cJ
Golden C. 6.30c: "D." 5.20c; barrels. 10c more:
half barrels. 25c more; boxes. SOc more; 50- lb
bags. 10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half
barrels. 8.40c: boxes. 6.65c: H. A E. Crystal
Domino*. 8.90c per lb. No orders taken for
! less than seventy- five barrels or Its equivalent.
' Receipts of Produce.
FOR THURSDAY. AUGUST 1L
I Flour, qr sks .. 19..WS! Feed. «ks 33T>
Barley, ctla .... 4,5^2 Tallow, ctls ... 243
I Oats, ctls- 2.317 Leather, rolls .. 143
i Beans, sks 80 HMes, No. 1.789
Potatoes, sks .. 7,3.871 Pelts. No." 185
, Onions sks ... l^O Lime, bbls .... 273.
Hay. tons .... 50fiUvine. gals .... 23,700-
Straw tons ... 44i Raisins bxs .... 750
Wool. 'bales ?4|Sugar, ctls .... 900
Foreign Futures.
. * LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — Sept. Dec
Opening « 11% 7 %
Closing ¦ '. 6 11% 7 lft
PARIS.
"Wheat— Aug. Nov. -Feb.
Opening .:.... 22 05 23 00
Closing 22 30 23 20
Flour— v
Closing 29 60 30 35
Closing • 29 65 30 60
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS. Aug. 11. — Wool firm: May comb
ing and clothing. 20@25%c; light, fine, I&32O0;
heavy, fine, 12@16c; tub washed. 22®35c
Northern Wheat Market.
" ¦ OREGON.
PORTLAND. Aug. 11. — WHEAT— Shipping:
Walla Walla, 74c: Bluestem. 78c; Valley, 7»o.
Milling: Walla Walla, 75c; Bluestem, 73c;
Valley, 81c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Aug. 11.— WHEAT — Bluestem,
81c; Club, 73c. • ...
Northern Business.
SEATTLE/ Aug. 11.— Clearings, $742,767;
balances. $109,438.
TACOMA. Aug. 11. — Clearings, $309,193;
balances. $32,058.
PORTLAND. Aug. 11. — Clearings, J656,206;
balances, $72,960..
SPOKANE, Aug. 11.— Clearirgs, $370,836;
balances, $39,150.
LOCAL MAEKETS.
CONDITION OF TRADE,
Thj? Situation Improving. With
Money Plentiful.
- . *
" *.T1» Wall street letter of Henry Clews says: j
'¦T*e stock market exhibits a ftrccg and j
oheerful undertone in rpite of absenteeism, j
and unfavorable reports concerning the wheat !
o CT^P, which induced more or le** realizing in j
f-jrly part of the wreic. The hopeful feel- j
• ing .now m> prevalent m th» 'street' Is due te 1
\h* changed position of leading bunkers and j
finarv-ier*. »ho have abandoned the excessive- |
ly.VoriFervarive attitude which they h«ld for j
VVe. '.a?t year or two and asfuniM one of re- j
r.ewed confidence in thf future, j The reasons
Jo* ?h'.i change of attitude «re plain. They
• «M 11) the rir^Fr^-rt of another' profitable har
yeff <%) th» bBjntrraaeot in the iron trade.
• <3i the practical certainty of *a?y money and j
<4i the absen<v of any listurbing Usue in the- :
Prudential election. With Mich an array of j
Influences , en tbe side of Improvement, and j
. ni^h securtrte« rv-rc^ntrat^d in strong hands. |
'„ tj is rot likely that the big leaders will lo*e j
!*irh an oppxwtsnlty of putting the market
DpVxi a higher level.
0 .- .THE IRON TRADE.
"TV* imprcvement in the iron trade is more
than talk. Orders have recently been placed
tor ever 110.0<k* tons of pigiron. which shows j
that trade ifadery, who are in best opinion :
t<? Judg-e. relieve the turn for the better has i
coif.e. The -iron trade is as good a barcm^ter J
u/Aer the" n c w conditiens as under the old. i
sn<J tha way in which orders are coming in j
Bfk'i furnaces starting is indisputable evidence
that it is business and not sentiment that is
ir."v:r:r tj*.e iron trade. Some plants have
»n«r>» orders on their books than at any time
tfctr year: the turn naturaiiy bringing in a lot
cf buyers who held back for that event. In
t he .dry goods trade therp are also vrry promis
ing firr.s of improvement. Buyers are taklrgr
hiM with Tnore confidence on the discovery \
fhat reppllea are scant and prices of finished
Kooda *K- more firmly held in spite of the de
tUtue tn cotton. <Jerera! buFlneys Is almf5t
• »-ve5j-wbere reported in a satisfactory condi
tion, except where temporarily- disturbed by I
•Mrikes. In brief, the exp«>otatl0Tvs of a good 1
•"fall trade almost univfrsal, North, South,
East and 'West alike.
,' ' • MONETARY SITUATION.
"Th're is nt 'need of rnncem about the I
i»on»=tar>' situation. Our local banks carr>- a !
T bift suipius reserve cf about $80.000.<XSO. which
.ifthf "largest in many years at this "period.
•• Th»» Weat.mad Fouth are also amply supplied
wijh funds, and the crop and business ile-
JT.jtnds are not likely to cause any embarrass
, .^rhest. in the money market*. On August 1
?^h 1 * Mock of money in circulation in the
united States was $2,546,000,000. a net in
«rwf« cf .n64.<"»X».000 in the last twelve
.mor.tbs. • < »t ttiie -increjme *24.(XK>.t>00 was in I
pnld <afn. $ 114.000.u<«» in gold certificates and j
• VJl.f 100,000 in national bank notes. , During |
i*he* last se\-en years we have added about j
$p50,00<\ <•<¦¦<> tn our stvk nf gold and about I
. <2U or mor» to our supply of bank [
. 41ml/ 1 :-, raising the per capita circulation in that
j«eriod from $23 to $31. Such an enormous in
'creaee la our ccrrency supply, out of all pro
j>ort!<:n' to proTrth cf r»^quirempnts. . is sure,
;£ rr.a:rta!n*-d. to have a stimulating eftect
upoa rminea. especially when the latter ar«
. a lower p'.ar.e than formerly, as is now
• # the case. Inflation may be undesirable, but
,ft'iu just as certain undr-r favoring cor.dfilons
\>. ii 1 :a:i la values from undue contraction
.• v' '~c Liuieucjr.
• "Su'h fcrt the influences trhirh are at pres
enl ».- . , . -yr.ir.g the stock market. Th» only
«ra» ; a^-ts are the injury to the wheat crop.
cor.tin-j*'i labor agitation and the po«=ibility
of Injury '..> the crops during Augu. 1 * and early
• •• Ori-goyCrpp Bulletin."
Tt' T-jr-. O f Edward A. E^als. section di
rector. 1 nited States Weather Bureau, for the
Oregon Crop Bulletin for the week ended
August S is as fc:iow«:
The ia>t week averaged the hottest of the
te&son. H »at also drj-. except In the high
J^vel sections in the eastern portion of the
•St»te. wh«r<? a few showers occurred last
iueeday and Wednesday. The grain hanest
ha»s rrorw!«-d uninterrurtetfly. and threshing
has new tx-come general. Fall wheat yields
p are everywhere good, and in the eastern tec
.lion* thty are generally fxcellent. Early town
spring wheat ar.d oats, although having thin
..Uands and short straw, are turning out better
.than expected, but more than the usual quan
. tuy of late sown Erring wheat and late sown
«;ats r)ss been cut for hay.
' The hay crop in the coait counties and the
Piateau KCtto&i has bc*n eecur-?d in good con
ditjen: the yl^ds, however, were generally dU
apttolntiiy. f'a^turage in the raUey Is rapidly
' fjnunm"^ EhOrt - tUt *" th * mounlaills "
Hops ««rn potatoes and gardens would be
great.y i>ere2ted by rain; but notwithstanding
- i h f . ry *' sufcfr . these crops continue making
fainy gcod aSvar.ctraer.t. Tht hop vines are
f;Te from lice and the burrs are beginning to
form. Corn is silking and tasseiing and In
Forr.f- localities the eats are formic Potatoes
•.are free from blight, but small and frw In
the hill as. <fT,mp«.red with last year's crop
Apples have dropped rathtr more than usual
during the week. Teach** and berries ari
Plentiful in the market. r>r unrg tha * t ™
Injury in the epring continue, doing nicely.
Wine Exports in July.
• The exports of wine from San Francisco bv
*e« in July were as follows: »wi»co Dy
i- 7^"!. L Callona. Case^. Values
New Tortt 27S.3IJ7 38 SftT ',ui
I!twa!an Islasdii 42.128 145 ifl.Jri
Tahiti 2.766 . . . ™-£r
Mexico 3.710 ... z^
<^>r.tral America. 6.319 75 E«m
P*n*.r,a 8.42« ... Zitl
•Colombia C3O 36 4*1
Ecuador S.4S9 1 '71
rem :.::.: -&$ •«$
Ch*na. i 2.6U 1
• Japan 6.CS3 27 »'(&<
A«iatic P.awia 429 . 27 'raa
.&i*t Indie* 3«) ... 1W) I
. Britieh Columbia BC5 43 sill
I>aw«on 132 ... 125 I
fj&'moan Islands 230 • ... 105
Elsewhere 296 12 2i2
Toiali ...^ 355.979 426 $123,102
la July. 1903, the experts were 790.248 gallons
• nd 637 ca»*-«. valued at $269,514. The exports
to' New York in that month were unusually
heavy, being 717,S40 gallons, valued at 1237.
613.
To-Day Collection Day.
la accordance with the recommendation of
. C-.e Board of Trad* to-day will be collection
day owing to th» going into camp of the
rr.:::::a as already explained.
. ¦ Weather Report.
<120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
&A>* rHAi<CISCO. August 11 — S p. m. . .
TTie : following maximum and minimum tem
t>era.tare» are reported for the previous dav: ¦
B-~»Tcb *V «*-50:New Or!eaa« 8«-72
C!ndna*tl T0-«8 Philadelphia &4-08
iacksoaville £0-74, Washington 8«-7O
*6t. Louia 7S-*»New Yurk 80-70
SAN FRANCISCO...... 64-62 ¦
~^ THE COAST RECORI>. ~~
-a K , a? d 2 v
3 |a|l *~ il ¦ «¦
STATIONa. S 23 53 |S ?!"* S
•* D 8* Oi n "Z
'. ' :¦ ' I :•¦? f M f
P.aker 29. B0 P0 64 NW. Clear Too
Carson 20.76 W 60 W Clear .00
Kurpka t».JW 6S . AS KV7 Clear .00
Fr»OTO 2».72 100 «« NW Clear .00
S.E. Farmnon.2».*!5 B5 60 NW Clear .00
JilafiiUL-i 23. »6 72 SI W Cloudy .04
111 Central 137% Wabash ••••18
Louis & Nash.... 120% Dd pfd % 28%
M K & Texas... 20M, Spanish 4s 85%
Bar silver— Steady, 26 1.3-16d per ounce.
Money— 2%©2% per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills is 2%®2 15-16 per cent and for
three months' bills 2 15-16®3 per .cent.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 11.— To-day's state
ment of the treasury balances in the general
fund exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
In the division of redemption, shows: Avail
able cash balance, $151,651,452; gold, $10,917.
445. , : ' : \
Nezv York Cotton Market!
NEW YORK, Aug. 11.— Cotton futures
opened steady; August. 10.17c bid. 10.25c
asked; September, 10c; October, 9.81c; Decem
ber, 9.78c; January, 9.70c; March, 9.84c; May,
Cotton spot closed dull: middling uplands,
10.05c; middling gulf. 10.90c: sales, 468 bales.
Futures closed barely steady. August. 10.10c;
September, 9.87c; October. 9.74c; November,
9.tt8c; December, 9.72c; January. 0.73c.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Ausr. 11.— FLOUR— Receipts.
11.400 barrels; exports, 2250 barrels. Market
firmly held with llsht trade.
WHEAT— Receipts, 2000 bushels. Spot mar
ket strong. No 2 red. nominal elevator and
$1 04 f o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth,
.$1 23% f. o. b. afloat. Wheat was highly sen
sational again to-day. The market broke a
cent «arly under the bearUn . Government crop
report and short selling. September went to
$1 03%. Later the bulls sprang more calamity
news on the market and a stampede' of shorts
followed, prices going to $1 05%. making. a
new high record. The close i showed 2%@3c net
advance. May closed at $1 06^.; September,
$1 O7H: December, $1 06}i.
iIIOPS — Quiet.
PETROLEUM— Steady.
HIDES— Dull. ¦ ¦
COFFEE^ — Futures closed firm at a gain of
618IO points. Total sales were SI, 750 bags, in
cluding: September at 6.40@6.45c; October,
6.60c; November. 0.60c: December. 6.65®6.75c;
January. 6.S0O6.Wc; March. 7c; May. 7.15®
7.25c; July. 7.30@7.35c. Spot-Rio, steady; mild,
firm: No. 7 Rio, 7*i<\
SUGAR— Raw, strong; refined, firm.
BUTTER— Unchanged.
CHEES R— Unchanged.
EGC^S — Unchanged.
DRIED FRUITS..
EVAPORATED APPLES — The market is
firmly held, with attractive fruit bringing out
side prices Common are quoted at 4@5V4c:
prime, 5%SCc; choice, 6V»<§t5%c; fancy, 7S>
PRUNES — For forward shipment are firmly
h«t!d and attract a moderate business. The
I spot situation remains unchanged, with prices
ranging from 2c to 6\4c according to size. etc.
APRICOTS — Are moving slowly, but avail
able supplies are llsht and the market shows
firmness. Choice are quoted at 9%@10c; extra
choice KMi^lOV'C; fancy. ll@13c.
PEACHES — Are unchanged.' Choice are
quoted at 7@7lic; extra choice, 7%@-8c; fancy,
9V4@10c. '
Nezv York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, Aug. 11.— Tin was unchanged
at £121 15a for spot in London and £122 7s 6d
was quoted for futures in that market. Here
it was quiet, but a little higher, with spot
I quoted at S26 S5i026 05.
Copper was lower In London, closing at £56
8s 9d for spot and £56 11s 3d for Tutures. Lo-
I cally the market is dull and unchanged, with
• lake and electrolytic quoted at $12 50*312 75
and casting at $12 25012 50.
L»ad remained unchanged in both markets,
closing at $4 20®4 25 in New York and £11
i 16s 3d in London.
I Spelter was unchanged at $4 85<i?4 95 in the
! local market and at £22 2s 6d in London.
! Iron closed at 52s 3d in Glavgow and at 43s
7%d In Middlesboro. Locally Iron was quiet.
• •' -To-day Collection Day.
. Wall-sired Stocks higher on the day. Cotton weak.
Fair demand for local Bonds end Sucar stocks.
: .Mexican Exchange hirer and Continental Exchange higher.
c . Wheat still lively at Chicago, but quiet here.
Barley, Oats, Corn and Rye about as before.
Hay, Feedstuff s and Beans not materially changed.
-Buffer, Cheese and Eggs quiet, zrith the latter rising.
.HczvaiianH oney selling dozvn to 3c in this market.
All markets report Provisions flat and dull.
-.Cattle, Shccf> and Hogs undianged.
Potatoes in large supply and zvcak. Onions firm.
Poultry ivcak, dull ami plentiful. Game selling well.
¦ -'Fresh Fruit tharket in normal condition-
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
rose within a shade of 55. Some of the grain j
carriers aJso recovered to about the best, but i
the closing was Irregular and there were cnly .
partial recoveries from the reaction.
Bonds were quite active and strong. The
total sales aggregated $3,920,000. par value.
United States old 4s advanced % per cent
and the new 4s coupon % per cent on call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks— Sales. High. Low. Close, i
A*chlson 32.S00 7&tf 7894 7»%
Atchlson pfd 200 97& 07 96^ !
Balto&Ohio 13,200 86 85% 85T»
Balto & Ohio pfd s^. 82
Canadian Pacific... 2,300 126 12^S, 126
Cent of New Jersey 164
Chesapeake &. Ohio 9,400 35% 34% ar.<4 '
Chicago & Alton... 1,900 41 £ 40 40*,
Chi A Alton pfd 81
ChifcQ W 1,300 14% 14% 14%
Chi & N W t».300 X83V4 18O>4 182%
Chi. M&StP 37.800 149& 148?» 149 U
Chi. M&StP pfd 178%
Chi Term & Tran 6
Chi T & T pfd 1,400 14% 14% 14^4
C. C. C A St L 100 75 75 74Vi
Colorado Southern. '200 13% ' 13% 13%
Colo South 1st pfd. 300 48U *$\i 48
Colo South 2d pfd.. 100 l&Mi 10 »? 18% "
Dela & Hudson 3,800 161 V* 159T« 1C0U
Dela. Lack A W... 100 270 270 *270
Denver A Rio Gr. .. 300 22% 22% 22%
Den & Rio Gr pfd. 100 71% 71& ,' 71
Erie 7,800 ' 25 M 25 25%
Erte 1st pfd... 2,400 63% 63% 63%
Eric 2d pfd 600 37% 37% 37%
Hocking Valley.... 400 OS'S 68 68ft
Hocking Val pfd... 100 80 80 80
Illinois Central 1,500 135 134^ 134
Iowa Central ...:.. 300 19 18 % 1S%
Iowa Central pfd... 600 37% 37% 37
Kan City Southern ¦ 21%
Kan City South pfd 500 43% 42 43%
Louis & Nash 6,800 118U 117%. 118
Manhattan L SCO 151% 150% 15OV4
Metropol SecurlUes. 6.3OO 96V4 »3% »4%
Metropcl St Ry 2,400 124% 122% 123%
Mexican Central .. 2,700 10 8% 8%
Minn & St Louis... 300 48% 48 43
M. SP&SSM... 1.400 74 73% 73%
M.S P & S S M pfd 300 128% 128 127%
Missouri Pacific ... 14,400 94% i»3% 84Va
M, K & T 5.200 20% 19 •» 20
M. K & T pfd 300 43»i 42% 43
Nat RR of Mex pfd 37
N Y Central 1.000 119% 119 119%
Norfolk & West 6,200 67% 62 61%
Nor & West pfd 200 90 90 88
Ontario & Western. 3.100 31% 31% 31%
Pennsylvania 25,000 121% 120% 121
Pitts .C, C & St L 64 H
Reading.. 41.800 6414 53% 53H
Reading 1st pfd 300 84 f?4 85%
Reading 2d pfd 70
Rock Island Co.... 40.300 24% 23% 23%
Rock Island Co pfd 4.100 67>» C6% 66%
S L & S F 2d pfd.. 3.000 59 58% 58%
St L S W 1,500 15% 15 15%
St L S W pfd 1.300 37>* 36% 30%
Southern Pacific. . .103.700 54% 62S 54V
Southern Railway. 36.C0O 26% 25H 2t3»»
Southern Ry pfd... 1.700 91 90^ 00%
Texas & Pacific... 7,600 29% 29% 2S%
Tol SL&W 200 26 26 25%
Tol. SL&W pfd. 300 3S% 3«% 38
Union Pacific 62,300 9*H 913% 97%
Tnion Pacific pfd.. 200 93^ 83Tg 93% I
Wabash SCO 17% 17*i 17H I
Wabash pM 1.S0O 37*i 36% 37
Wheel & L E S 14 }m
Wisconsin Central. SCO 17% 17% 17»» I
Wisconsin Cent pfd 300 39% 39 3a
Express Companies —
Adam* 225
American 195
United States 105
Wells-Fargo 202 I
Miscellaneous — »
Amal Copper ....20.800 53% 52% 52% j
Amer C & F pfd "
Anier Cotton Oil .. 33.314 33 33 33 t
Amer Cot OH pfd 91
American Ice 6vi
Amer Ice pfd 400 27U 27H 27%
Amer Linseed Oil 9%
Amer Lin Oil pfd 26%
Amer Locomotive . 300 22 22 21 Ts
Amer Loco pfd W
Amer Smelt & Refg 12,000 59% S8% 58%
Amer S & R pfd.. 700 101% 100% 101%
Amer Sugar Refg. 9,300 134 132% lXiVi
Anaconda Min Co 73
Brooklyn Rapid Tr 27.300 53% 52"* 63%
Colo Fuel & Iron .. 1.30O 36 U 35% 36
Consolidated Gas .. COO 196"* 195% 195»4 !
Corn Products 200 12 11 ?» H%|
Corn Products pfd 65 |
Distillers' Securities 500 23 '4 22% 22% j
General Electric .. 200 162% 162% 162
Inter Paper 100 14% 14% 14
i Inter Paper pfd «0
! Inter Pump 31
Inter Pump pfd . . 100 76 76 74 !
National Lead 1.900, 21% 21V» SI'S,
North American 87S I
Pacific Mall 500 2*% 28 27Vi
People's Gag 5.6C0 102% 101% 101%
Pressed Steel Car ... 800 33% 33 33
Presed S C pfd 75
Pullman Pal Car 217 -
Republic Steel 200 1% 7% 7Vi
Republic Steel pfd. 100 43 Vi 43 % 42^4
Rubber Goods 200 18 18 17%
Rubber Goods pfd 78 Vj t
Tenn Coal & Iron .. 2,300 44 42% 43%;
U S Leather ...... 300 7% 7% 7
V S Leather pfd .. 300 83% 83% 83%}
U S Realty 47%]
U S3 Rubber 3»% j
U S Rubber pfd . . 900 75% 75 74 V,
U S Steel 7.600 12% 11% 12
IT S Steel pfd 29,300 ! 59% 57% 58%
Westlnghouse Elec. 200 158% 158% 158 j
Western Union ... 200 ' 89 S3. 89 j
Total sales 752,900 shares. j
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO. ;
NEW YORK. Aug. 11. — Bond transactions of
United Railroads of San Francisco: 3000 at ;
184.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
Common— Bid. $4 20; asked. $4 50. Pre
ferred—Bid, $42; asked, $12 67%.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg..l04%|L A N unified 4s.l01
Do coupon 104%|Man con gold 4a.lC5% i
Do 3b reg 104ft|Mex Central 4s... «1% |
Do coupon ....105 I Do 1st inc.... 14
Do new 4s reg.131 Minn & St L 4s.. 9«%
Do coupon ....131%|M. K ft Texas 4s. 93%
Do old 4s reg.100%1 Do 2ds 78
Do coupon 106HINR of Mex con 4s 76
Atch gen 4s 103% IN Y C gen 3$s..l(XHi
Do adj 4s 95 N J C gen 5s 132Ts
Atlantic C L 4s. 100 Nor Pacific 4s lC5^i
Bait & Ohio 4s..lO3Vi Do 3s 74%
Do 3% 90% Nor & W con 4s.l01% ¦
Central of Ga 5s.lll OSL 4s ft partic. 0T>% •
Do 1st tnc 84 Pa conv 3%s 97% i
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lO6% Reading gen 4s... OflVj !
Chi & Alton 3%s. 78 S L ft I M con 5s.ll6?i '
C. B & Q new 4s. 97% S L & S F fg 4s. 82*4 ¦
C.M & SP gn 4s. 108 St Louis SW lsts. f»<3%
C & Nff con 7s.l28% Seaboard A L 4s. 74H 1
C, R I & Pac 4s. 71% So Pacific 94% i
Do col 5s...... 82%|So Railway 5b. ...116% ,
C.C.C & SLgn 4s.l01MilTex & Pac lsts. .118% I
Chi Term 4s 73%ITol. St L & W 4s. 73%
Cons Tobacco 4s. 65Vi Union Pacific 4s.. 105%
Colo & So 4s 83% Do conv 4s 103%
Colo Fuel & I/... 72V A U S Steel 2d 5s.. 7S%
Den & Rio G 4s.l00% W r «baeh Ist3 117^
Erie prior Hen 4s. 99 Do deb B 61
Do gen 4s P5 W & L Erie 4s... 91
F W & D C lsts.103% WIs Central 4s... C9%
Hock Val 4%s...lO8 I
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 251 Little Chief 05
Alice 20|Ontario 3 25
Breece lOlOphlr 2 20
Bruns Con 15| Phoenix 08
Com Tunnel OSIPotosl 12
Con Cal & Va... 1 00| Savage 20
Horn Silver 1 501 Sierra Nevada.... 19
Iron Silver 1 4.V ! f?,nall Hopes 20;
Leadvllle Con ... 02| Standard 1 93
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
' Money— ' U S Steel 11%
Call loan 203% Do pfd 5$i;
Time loans 3'i/4% Westing Common. 78%
Ecnds— Mining— :
\tr-hlson 4r lOl^ Adventure 75c
Dt. ad] 4s 94% Allouez 10
Mex Central 4s... C4 Amal Copper ;... 52%
Railroads — An:cr Zinc ...... 11
Atchison 77% Atlantic ......... 8%'
Do pfd 97 Pingham ...J 24%;
Boston & Albany. 248 Colnmet & Hecla.4S0
Boston & Malne.165 Ci-ntennial 24
Bostcn Elev 149 Copper Range ... 64%
Fltchburg pfd 136 Pbly "West 1214
Mex Central 9% Ocm Coal 47U
N Y. N H & H..190 Franklin 7
Pere Marquette... 74 Grancy «2 C-16
Union Pacific 07% Isle Royale ....'.. 13%
Miscellaneous — Mass Mlnlnr .... 3W
Amer Arge Chem. 14V. Michigan 4
D<> pfd 75% Mohawk ......... 42
Amer Pneu Tube. 3% Mont Coal &. Coke ZV,
Amer Sugar ....133U Old Dominion ... 13 i
Do pfd 131 lOeceoIa «•> ;
Arner Tel & Tel.137%! Parrot 23
Amer Woolen ... imiQulncy s*4
Do pfd 77%! shannon 3%
Dom Iron & S... 8 |Tamarack ........ 85*
Ed Elect Ilium :,2R2 Trinity 7%
Gen Electric I..'. :162H V 8 Mining...... 21 %
Maes Electric... 17% U S Oil 10%
, Dc pfd ........ «» Utah 3S%<
Mass Gas 40U Victoria ....?..... 214
United Fruit ....Wl%IWlnona 7^^
L'n Shoe Mach... 50 (Wolverine 70
Do pfd .30 I
London Closing Stocks.
Cons for money.. 88 N Y Central..... 121%
Do for acct ... SSW Nor & Western... 63%
Anaconda .3% Do pfd ....;...'9l'
Atchlson St Ont & Western... 32%
Do pfd 99 ' Pennsylvania .... fii%
Bait & Ohio 87% Rand Mines 10Vi
Can Pacific 12S%|Readinsr 27%
Ches & Ohio . 36H Do Jst rfd 42u
Chi Great West.. 14% Do 2d pfd 35%
Chi. Mil & St P. 152 So Railway .26U
De Beers ..15% Do pfd R4
Den & Rio G.... 23% So Pacific 64 tt
Do pfd 73%4 Union Pacific no%
Erie :.. 25"% Do pfd ........ 96^
Do 1st pfd;.;.. «»% U 8 Steel 12H
Do 2d pfd...... 28% Do pfd ......:. 61%
OMAHA. Aug. 11.— CATTLE— Receipts,
2400; slow to 10c lower; native steers, $3 75®
5 65; cows and heifers, $2 75®4: Western
steer*, *$3@4 40; Texas steers, $2 75@3 75;
range cows and heifers. $2@3 4*0; canners,
It 25CJ2: stockers and feeders, $2 50@3 85;
calves. $3(0-5; bulls and stags, $2^3 SO.
HOGS — Receipts. 12,000; market 10c lower;
heavy, $4 80@4 95; mixed. $4 90@4 05; light.
$4 05@5 50; pigs, $1 50@4 00; bulk, $4 00®
4 85.
SHEEP — Receipts. 3000; steady to easier:
Western yearlings. $3 50@3 80; wethers. $3@
3 50; ewes, $2 751JG 55; common, and stockers,
$2 25tf?3 40; iambs. $4 75@5 75.
$3 50S?i SO; lambs. $4@6 25; rang* wethers,
«3 5Of 1 50; ewes, $.~Q3 75.
Omalia.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL 1 , FRIDAY, AUGUST 12, 1904.
I Miscellaneous Markets. |
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
13
AUCTION SALES.;
AUCTION SALE— Office General Superintend-'
ent. Army Transport Service, San Fran-
cisco. Cal.. August 10» 1904— There win b» : «-
sold at public auction, at 11 o'clock a. m..*
August 22. 1904. at Folsom-atreet wharf, a lot ..
of miscellaneous condemned Quartermaster's
stores, a lint of which can be teen at Fol-
som-street wharf. C. A. DEVOL. Major and •
Quartermaster, U. S. ABurnett's' Vanilla Extract Is sold
by all the b«t grocers everjwters. try it. •
REALTY SALE CONFIRMED.— Judge Hunt
yesterday confirmed the sale by the estate of
Ccraelia Baldwin Stanley for $60,000 to Joseph
M. Quay of the property at Mary lane and
Bush, street.
CITY ANSWERS.— In the .ult of William
H. Jordan and others asalnst the city chant
ing that the property of the Tacoma Mills
Company had been doubly assessed, an answer
was filed yesterday denying the charge and
alleging that the property in" question had
not been asses*«l in excess of 543.7S2. which
is said to be the true value of the property*
held by the company In this county.
Dennis Gallazha was arrested last
night by Policemen Mills and O'Brien
on charges of desertion from the
United States navy and vagrancy. Gal
lazha is 17 years old. Two months ago
he was arrested for burglary, but was
released on the condition that he leave
town. He will be turned over to the
United States authorities.
Deserter Is Arrested.
Emil Hunt was Intercepted by Po
licemen Tillman ' and' Ruggles on
Third street yesterday afternoon on
suspicion of having purloined a horse
blanket. An examination of the con
tents of a gunnysack, carried by Hunt
revealed the vbjanket, and in addition
eight pairs of shoes, none of
which ¦ he could satisfactorily account
for. He was taken to the Southern
police station and locked up pending
an Investigation of his record.
Arrested on Suspicion.
Jnle« of 315 «»• St. ia In no way con
nected with any uptown restaurant. •
A charming home wedding took place
last evening at the residence of Mr.
and Mrs. S. J. Hendy, 3652 Clay street,
where their niece. Miss Hilda Louise
Bruns, was the fair bride and John
Ernest Strachan the gallant groom.
The Hendy home, always handsome,
looked prettier than ever, with the
-flowers and greens and vari-colored
lights which were everywhere in pro
fusion.
Punctually at 8:3(T6'clock the bride,
on the arm of her aunt, Mrs. Hendy.
entered the drawing-room, attended
also by Miss Ethel Hendy, the bride's
cousin and maid of honor. The bride
groom, with Charles T. Hutchlnson. the
best man, entered the room at the
same moment. During the procession
the wedding march from "Lohengrin"
¦was played by an orchestra.
The Rev. Jay "William Hudson, pastor
of the Second Unitarian Church, per
formed the marriage ceremony, after
which! Mr. and Mrs. Strachan received
the good wishes of their many friends,
who were witnesses of the marriage.
A banquet followed the ceremony.
The bridal pair left on their honey
moon trip, their destination being a
profound secret. At the end of the
month Mr. and Mrs. Strachan will take
their departure for "Western Australia,
where Mr. Strachan will be connected
with an English mining company.
• • ¦ •
After the reception, which was at
tended by a large number of friends,
the young people came to this city,
where „ they will spend their honey
moon. *
The wedding of Attorney "William
Hamilton of San Francisco and Mabel,
eldest daughter | of Colonel and Mrs.
Mark L. McDonald of Santa Rosa, took
place at their beautiful home, "Mabel
ton." on McDonald avenue in the latter
city.
The ceremony was performed at noon
In the drawing-room of the home,
which had been profusely decorated for
the affair.
Miss Lucie King entertained at a
small tea, given yesterday for the pop
ular Miss Ellinwood.
Mrs. Samuel Buckbee was hostess, In
her usual charming fashion, at a din
ner last night, when Miss Charlotte
Ellinwood and Miss Katherine Dillon,
the brides-to-be, were guests of honor.
EURIED IN POTTERS FIELD.— T*« cJty
unrlertakf-r y»s»erdajr took charge of the body
r,f J. W. Oriffln. who committed suicide last
Wednesday.
DINNER GIVEN
IN HONOR OF
BRIDES-TO-BE
RAILROAD TRALVlfAN BAXKRTTPT.— E.
F. Richardson, a railroad train band at Dum
muir. filed a petition in insolvency yesterday
in the Unite.! Stat»3 District Court. He owes
$356 and has no Esaffts.
Prom letters found it was learned
that Bissell has two children, a boy and
a girl, by a former marriage. The
children are at 210 Berkeley place,
Brooklyn, K. T.
Bissell's body \ras discovered by Bert
Scoville. a bellboy at the hotel. He de
tected the smell of gas near the room
and, climbing through the tramson,
found the former arms' officer dead in
his bed.
field. Conn., were In his trunks. Many
notes of condolence from New York
people on his wife's death were also
discovered. He had a card of admis
sion to the Bohemian Club indorsed by
Allan St. John Bowie.
JOHNSTOWN. Pa.. Aug. 11.— •'Willie" Mun-
K«n, or Frank Davis, as he wag known In
Cambria County, was hanged at Etensburg
tbls afternoon for the murder of Laura Tayler
on Austin 19. 1903. Both were colored.
The question of Mrs. Walls' holdings
of .valuable stock and dividends was
later sumbitted to Eugene W. Levy as
referee and It was brought out that
when the Walls t^re married in 1896
the wife had about ?1000.. About five
years ago she was presented with 51$
shares in the Grain and Stock Exchange
Company, of which her husband was
head clerk. The gift was made by W.
E. Baines, president of the company.
Mrs. Walls declined to answer the
questions of Attorney Tauszky before
the referee.. Baines was equally reti
cent, but admitted that he had Riven
the stock to Mrs. Walls at a downtown
restaurant in the presence of her hus
band.
It appeared in the examination that
Mrs. Walls had taken the stock out ot
a safe deposit box and taken it home.
In her testimony before the referee the
iady said that she clothed herself and
bought her own Jewelry out of the divi
dends received, usually giving her hus
band the money with which to make
the purchases.
When Otis commenced his suit Walls
answered that he would not pay the
claim because it represented a gam
bling debt in connection with transac
tions on the Pacific Stock Exchange.
The. pleading failed to -find sympathy
with the jury.
The efforts of John A. Walls, broker,
to resist payment to Stephen Otis, a
broker, of a judgment for $1*507 50, prom
ises to make an Interesting story be
fore,the litigation is ended. Otis sued
Walls for money said to be due and got
a jury verdict in the Superior^ Court
Walls had no assets subject to judg
ment, and Otis attempted to collect
from money In bank in the name of
Mrs. Walls. Yesterday Judge Carroll
Cook gave Otis permission to sue Mrs.
Walls for the amount and issued an
order restraining the disposition of 518
shares of stock in the Central Grain
and Stock Exchange owned by Mrs.
Walls. She has received $41,000 in divi
dends on the stock and has the money
on deposit in various banks.
Very little cash was found in Bies
fpH'f room. Among his 'possessions was
a document making him agent for the
Jackson Typewriter Company of New
York. Numerous letters from his
father and two cousins, Charles and
L. B. Bissell, tobacco dealers of Suf-
Eugene V. N. Bissell, a retired army
officer, was found dead in his apart
ments at the Grand Hotel yesterday.
The fact that his room was filled with
gas, escaping from two wide-open Jets,
indicates that' Bissell committed sui
cide, though he left no statement to
thet effect.
Grief over the loss of his beautiful
wife, who died svaddenly last spring at
Chicago. Is believed to have driven the
former soldier to end his life. A little
packet containing a tress of dark
brown hair, found near the body bears
out this belief. It bore this writing:
"A lock of my beloved wife's hair. She
died April IS. 1904." Beside th>e packet
lay a phr»iograpli of the dead woman.
Tho life of .Eugene Bissell was full
of cction. Until 1SSS he was In busi
ness with his " father, Eugene Bissell
Sr.. a .' commission merchant of New
York. .In that y*?ar' he. was appointed
captain in the Forty- f«urth Volun
teers and went with his regiment to
the Philippines, lit was later trans
ferred to the Second Cavalry and made
e second lieutenant of regulars. He
obtained his discharge in 1901 and went
to China. Early in 1902 he came to
Ban" Francisco and married Miss Sara
•Elinor Hudson of Cariia<5a_
The -svedding -otsls the outcome of a
prettjiSsomance. He met Miss Hudson
shortly before he became a soldier.
She was then taudyaig at a convent
in Ottawa. Miss Hudson, a pretty girl
in her teens, dropped a bool^ Bissell
ricked it up for h*r and from that
Incident a friend^ilp w.as formed that
ripened into love. The most touching
letter in the dead man's effects was a
little scrawl from M^ss Hudson re
minding him of the Incident and speak
ing of the happiness it "would bring
both. The happiness was short-lived.
Mrs. Bissell died suddenly on April 18.
From that time Bissell seems to have
lost any real desire for Hfe. Provided
with letters from influential frlnds, he
came to San Francisco ostensibly to
enter Into business here ajid to try to
forget his gTPat loss, but this was evi
dently impossible. Thowgh only 34
years of age, he seems to have lost
ambition. From his correspondence it
was learned that he tried to obtain
a commission in the ChiDese army. He
probably believed that he might be able
to forget his sorrow in the rush and
excitement of active service. But his
efforts were unsuccessful. Attempts to
secure profitable employment here were
also fruitless.
After passing this last milestone In
her career Mrs. Layman has been liv
ing quietly in Los Angeles, biding her
time for bringing the suit just institut
ed. She charges desertion on the part
of her husband, which it is believed
she will have no difficulty in proving.
Mrs. Layman Is an attractive wom
an of the bloude type and has at dif
ferent times evinced a strong taste
for literary work.
Mrs. Layman is the daughter of the
late Millionaire SneU of Chicago. Snell's
mysterious murder in his Washington
boulevard mansion in Chicago twelve
years ago is yet to be solved by the
police of that city, who have long been
searching for William Tascott, a man
supposed to have been implicated in
the crime. For years after the death
[ of her father, the millionaire's rela
tives were engaged in a bitter litiga
tion over his estate,- and the final dis
tribution is yet to-be made.
Scarcely had the girl reached her
majority when she entered upon a
series of unhappy matrimonial entagle*
ments. She was first • married to a
young man named Coffin, but their
love soon cooled and a decree of di
vorce in favor of the young wife paved
the way for her marriage to Henry
Walker,- a man of considerable promi
nence in Waukesha, Wis. They soon
quarreled and again the wife went to
court, where the bonds of wedlock
were severed.
| A few months later the friends of
: Mrs. Walker were surprised to learn
| that she had remarried Coffin, but they
i Avert slowly recovering from their sur
: prise when t the news came that Mr. and
Mrs. Coffin' had a second time been le
gally separated. Later Ehe married
again, but once more the union was
disturbed by divorce proceedings, and
soon after effecting her freedom Mrs.
Grace Snell - Coffln-Walker-Coffln-etc.
had packed her trunks and' started for
California.
Establishing herself in a cozy cottage
in Pasadena two years ago the still at
tractive and interesting divorcee fre
quently found pleasure in journeying
to Los Angeles, where she first met
Perkins Layman, then a popular clerk
behind the Van Nuys desk. A short
acquaintance resulted In a quiet wed
ding and friends of the young man be
sieged him with congratulations for his
successful "catch." But Layman's fate
was destined to be not different from
that of his predecessors in the affec
tions of the young. Eastern grass
widow. It quickly became known that
husband and wife were at outs and !
this report was one morning confirmed
by the news that Layman had disap
peared.
LAY3IAX SOOX TIRES OF WIFE.
Layman was easily traced to San
Diego and unhesitatingly confided to I
his more Intimate friends that he had I
done with married life.
Mrs. Layman came to San Francisco
several days ago in company with Mr.
and Mrs. H. J. Woollacott of Los An
geles and announced that she would
accompany them on a visit to Lake
Tahoe. Hardly had she arrived here,
however, when she placed herself in
communication with attorneys. They
prepared a complaint for divorce,
which was hurriedly dispatched to the
south to be filed. Desertion is charged
against Layman.
DAUGHTER OF MILLIONAIRE.
America, has been a guest at the St.
Francis Hotel for several days, busily
preparing to separate herself from her
latest husband. It transpired yester
day that she filed a suit in Los
Angeles against, Perkins Layman, for
mer clerk of the Hotel Van Nuys, to
whom .she was married a little over
a year ago. This, is the fifth time Mrs.
Layman has appeared in the courts as
a 1 plaintiff -in such, proceedings, yet
rumor has it that -as soon as the Los
Angeles court gfants her the relief
prayed for- she will again become a
bride. . .
Mrs. Grace Sneli Layman, than
whom few women have figured more
prominently in the divorce courts of
Wiftf Is Quietly Resting at
the St. Francis, Awaiting
News From Los Angeles
Despondency Over the Loss
• of His Wife Is Believed
to Have Caused the Act
<• . _ ;
Mrs. Walls Receives Se
curities as a Gift From
President of the Company
THOUGHT TO BE SUICIDE
IS PAID-" BIG DIVIDENDS
Pat Bannan, chronic drunk, was ar
rested for the thirty-fourth time last
Monday afternoon and early Tuesday
morning he was greatly startled by
the Information that cash bail of $5
had been deposited for his appearance
in court Wednesday and tha.t he was
free to go at large. Never before had
he been released pending trial and he
was wondering who the Samaritan
could be when a hint that he might
do some good for a certain ticket at
the primaries in a certain precinct
clarified the situation. He worked so
valiantly all that day at the polls that
on the following day he was too tired
to go to court. Yesterday morning,
however, he stood before Judge Fritz,
who punished his tardiness by send
ing him to jail for twenty-four hours.
"I'll waive everything and . plead
guilty to petty," said William Parker,
accused of burglary, to Judge Caban
iss. The offer was declined and . ten
minutes later* Mr. Parker had been
pronounced guilty as charged and held
to the Superior Court, with bail fixed
at $1000. He rtole a suit of clothes
and some antique coins from B. Rem
ler's apartment in the Humboldt
House on Stockton street. ?;J, r
sunbath habit I think the open coun
try would be preferable to the city's
close and shady confines," said Judge
Fritz to Mr. Hagerman, "and my ad
vice, delivered solely with a view to
your welfare, is th|it you immediately
hie to one of the sweltering interior
valleys and there saturate i yourself
with solar heat If you ever conie be
fore me again I'll give you six
months." - - ' ¦ -
• ' • -.• •
Conrad Hagerman, arrested for
sleeping at 2 o'clock p. :m. upon a
bench in Union square, ; pleaded that
he had dined heavily and was;enjoy
ing a post-prandial sunbath. when -the
drowsy god o'erpowered his, senses. It
was an Italian dinner of which; he had
partaken and the accompanying .vint
age was of rare quality and abundant
quantity. - ;„ . - -
•To a gentleman addicted to tho
* * * ' ' .. ¦ ¦
John Connors went to visit John Ry
an's sister at her residence,' 106 Han
cock street, one evening about a month
ago and made his presence so objec
tionable to Mr.. Ryan that he was or
dered by that gentleman to leave "the
house and never again darken its
portals.
"Ha! ha!" laughed John Connors, de
fiantly; "I'd like to see you or a dozen
like you attempt to put me out."
Mr. Ryan s forthwith obtained police
aid, but when he returned with two
officers he discovered that during his
absence Mr. Connors had. firmly fas
tened the door by nailing it to its
frame, also to the floor. The united
strength of v the sturdy trio -was re
quired to burst the fastenings. And
after entry was obtained Mr. Connors
proved himself a formidable opponent
against heavy odds.
That's how the story was told '"by" tha
prosecution yesterday to Judge Con-
Ian, who continued the hearing till
next Saturday.
Manuel B. Gonzales and his wife,
both colored, occupy one-half of the
house numbered 1218 Point Lobos ave
nue, the other half being the residence
of Mr. and Mrs. John Collins, who are
of pure Anglo-Saxon blood. Mr. Gonza
les, who is a barber, missed from his
belongings one "Montague bang," to
which he attached great pecuniary
value, on account of its wonderful nat
uralness of shade, and he accused-Mrs.
Collins of having purloined it to en
rich her coiffure. , To the accusation,
Mrs. Collins, baptized, Mollie, retorted
by calling Mr. Gonzales a double
adjectived."nigger," and supplemented
the epithet with an insinuation that he
was not strictly faithful to his marital
vows, but had .a penchant for white
women. . Then, as reported to Judge
Cabaniss, Mr. Gonzales assaulted Mrs.
Collins, for which she had him arrested
on the charge of battery.
-After hearing both sides of the case
his Honor continued it until September
12, and hoped that when the parties
again appear before him the "Monta
gue bang," primal cause of the con
tention, might again be in the" custody
of Mr. Gonzales. .--, \ -',¦. ¦'.-.' ~2.<
For selling tickets in a lottery, of
which the capital prize Is a farm and
house in Santa Clara County, O. II.
Klump was fined $25 by Judge Cab
aniss, despite the fact that State Sen
ator Louis Oneal came all the way
from San Jose to defend him.
J. G. Guion, a tourist from Texas,
who arrived here on the steamship
Ventura from the Orient,, had a 45
caliber revolver, fully loaded, $300 cash
and a letter of credit for $4000 in his
pockets when Patrolman Hayes ar
rested him last Wednesday evening for
being drunk and incapable of locomo
tion at Washington and Dupont streets.
Judge Cabaniss fined him $5 and or
dered that his shooting-iron be re
turned to him.
Judge Fritz decided that his court
was without Jurisdiction to try the
case of Leila Estella Wllley, a nurse
at the United States Marine Hospital,
who is charged with manslaughter. By
accidentally giving a patient, Franz
Johnson, a poisonous compound instead
of a medicine prescribed for him, she
caused his death. In court, however,
it was shown that as the poisoning oc
curred on a Federal reservation, the
Presidio, the State authorities had no
jurisdiction in the matter.
returned from work,". said Mrs. Phil
pott, "and as I felt tired and thirsty
after a hard day's toiling and moiling
and thought that a little beer would
do .me lots of good, I took the can
along with me. When he came up to
me I says,. 'Papa, I want you to give
me a little change and get
me a little beer; and be sure,
papa, that you hurry, for I'm
going to' waik homeward slowly-*
we live at 523 Twenty-sixth avenue—
so you can catch up with me.' Papa
took the can and I started to saunter
along when three men Jumped out
from a fence or somewhere and began
to ask me all sorts of questions. Well,
maybe you don't think I was scared.
When they asked who papa was and
what he went to Callahan's for I
thought I'd faint, for how was I to
know that they did not wjmt.papa for
some awful deed? So when papa came
along I told him to go at once and
see what the men wanted and papa
gave me the can and went and talked
to them like a perfect gentleman. Then
one of them, the biggest one, choked
papa and pulled out a club and all that
papa did was to ask him to show his
star." ' . -
Much more was Mrs. Philpott ready
and willing to tell but the court un
gallantly held her down to a bare nar
ration of the facts that came within
her actual observation. Mr. Philpott
denied that he attacked Policeman
Fairweather, or even addressed him
"sassily" and the policeman swore pos
itively that Mr. Philpott did both those
things. Then, after an attorney for
the defense had argued eloquently and
at length on the subject of an Ameri
can citizen's right to "rush the growl
er" freely and untrammeled, the Judge
dismissed the case.
The charges against Mrs. Callahan
will be heard before a jury.
Mrs. Ellen Callahan's barroom,"at
i tached to her grocery at Clement street
and Twenty-sixth avenue, seems to be
r'a source of trouble for th*at neighbor
hood. It was the cause of Mrs. Calla
han's arrest on two distinct ! charges —
selling liquor without a license and
keeping a disorderly house— and' it alBO
indirectly led to the placing of F. T.
Philpott, a carman, before Police
Judge CabaniEs yesterday on a charge
of assaulting Patrolman Fairweather.
Three police officers in plain . attire,
of whom Fairweather was one, had
Mrs. Callahan's saloon under espionage
one evening last week, their object be
ing to obtain evidence sufficient to as
sure her conviction on either or both
of the charges above mentioned, when
they saw a woman meet a man and
hand to him a tin pall of the conven
tional "growler" pattern, with which
vessel the man went to '. Callahan's.
Then the human sleuths Interrogated
the woman, who proved to be Mrs.
Jane Philpott, wife of F. T., and who
told them a much longer story than
she was permitted to repeat yesterday
for the enlightenment of his Honor
Cabaniss. Indeed, the court experi
enced much difficulty in restraining
Mrs. Philpott from launching into an
autobiography beginning with her
marriage to Mr. Philpott twenty-three
years ago and concluding with that
gentleman's arrest.
"I went to meet my husband as he
SAYS HE DESERTED HEE
Eugene Bissell. Formerly an
¦Army Officer, Found Dead
in Boom Filled With Gas
Judge Cook Authorizes Ac
tion .Against Woman Who
Holds Valuable Stocks
Mrs. Grace Snell Layman Is
Again Suing for Freedom'
From an Absent Spouse
Its Proprietor Is Accused of Keeping a
Disorderly House and One of Her Near-
By Neighbors Also Drops Into Trouble
DEATH HEALS
DEEP SORROW
SHE ONCE MORE
SEEKS DIVORCE
BROKER'S WIFE
MAY BE SUED
MRS. ELLEN CALLAHAN'S SALOON
MAKES LABOR FOR MAGISTRATES
THE SArN FRANCISCO XALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 12, 190^.
14
Ye Olde English Inn,
144 'Mason" st. Just one trial at Jules'
That's all. • ..."
AD VERTISEMEXTS.
I Py__ fj SB 1 BHI 4Bffhfc r
lOOlFillmorcSt 119 Taylor St
Park 183. .... .Phone. . .Howard 1031
Genuine Fel« BTaptha Soap. . .8 bars 25c
Or Benzllcire hot or cold water ioap. Friday.
OHIRARDELLrS CHOCOLATE, LB. 23c
Seeded Balslni. pockag-e 5c
l*r*e Fresno cleaned rai B ln«— eeeda removed.
« Pgually 10c
COW BRAND CREAM. 6 CANS 28c.
ELGIN BUTTER, in squares-JOc
Full weight. 32 ounces.
OY3TER CRACKERS, LB. 10c '¦
Good White Plotur 60-lb. aaok S1.1O
Choice of brands. One sack limit
25c FANCY MIXED CAKES. LB. lT^c.
Pare Cider Vlnegur gallon 15c
. Made from apple cider. Usually 25c.
WHEAT, MUSHES. 3 PACKAGES 25c.
35c Java aad Mocha Coffee. . .pound 25c
Best quality— why pay 40c? Friday and Sat-
¦ ¦ urday only.
HALF GAU PURE OLIVE OIL, CAN 95c.
6Oo Teas, All Kinds. .. . . .pound 33 l-3c
Plain or blended, as you like. ' Bright new tea*.
4-YEAR-OL.d" WHISKY, \*x OAL. %\. ~
Dollar Whiskey.. quart bottle 65c
Jes.se ' Moore ; oi» Monocram ' AA, Old Govern-
¦ ¦ :\ -' ment and Kentucky Sour Mash. ,
$125 IMPERIAL BRANDY. FULL QT. 83c.
Sweet Wines. . .1 ;.......„. .gallon 67c
Excellent types, 4-year-old, Port, Sherry. Reis- ,
ling. Zlnfandel.- Good for health and pleasure. I
5 BOTTLES ASSORTED 40o WINES IL! .
JTEWMAy &_ pEVIX SOX.
Kearny and Sotter Streets.
Store Opens 8:30 A. M., Closes 5:30 P. M.
Friday's Special Offer in
New Black Dress Goods
(First Floor Kearny St.)
An extraordinary transaction in Black Goods enables us to
offer a limited quantity of new, choice, high-grade fabrics
in the following desirable weaves at ONE-QUARTER LESS
than regular prices :
Black Granite Cloth, in newest Black, All-wool Cheviot, extra
basket weave, a fine all-wool ma- heavy quality, 54 inches wide; an
tenal, 46 inches wide; real value ideal fabric for tailor-made suits;
fr-QOtat . worth $1.00, at
75c a Yard 75c a Yard
Exceptional Values Friday in
The American J. B. Corsets
(Third Floor Kearny St.)
We've a splendid assortment of these popular corsets, In a
variety of materials— Batiste, Brocade and Coutile— and can
promise each and every figure a perfect fit. We quote two
desirable weights for just now :
J. B. Corsets of sateen, in white or J. B. Corsets of extra heavy sateen,
black, with straight front, extreme- straight front, with long princess
ly low bust, medium hip— and hips, garters attached in front —
trimmed with lace; elegant value at colors white, gray, black; special at
OOaPair M-50 a r^
Napkin News You'll Like
(Second Floor Sutter Street)
Two stirring items, that present excellent Napkins at prices
that will interest hotel proprietors as well as housekeepers:
Bleached Damask Napkins, part Bleached Damask Napkins, all pure
linen; size 22x22 inches — a good, linen, in a i-plendid variety of
strong, serviceable article for every patterns— size 22x22 inches; real
'day use ; worth J1.50, at value $200, at
V $1.00 a Dozen $1.75 a Dozen
7 Pretty Cushion Covers
(Second Floor Kearny St.)
Our Fancy-Work Department offers Friday a magnifi-
cent lot of Art Canvas Cushion Tops, for cross-stitch work.
They are 24 inches square, entirely new designs, in a choice
variety of colors. We've a sample made up of "these handsome
covers, and will gladly show you how the (vork is done. sr\
*Your choice, white quantity lasts, at each OUC
7 One-Half Off All.
Dress Trimming Remnants
fFirst Floor Kearny St.)
It's a final gathering and dismissal of Fine Trimmings in
lengths ranging from 1 to 4 yards that have accumulated
during- the season. Among them are the handsomest of Ap-
pliques, Passementeries and Gimps, in Silk, Spangle and Bead
effects — all on sale Friday at ONE-HALF PRICE.
;AI>VERTISEMENTS.
Regular $2.50 value. Special for two days only. No !
telephone and no mail orders, and only one to a cus- * \
9 tomer. Made of white wood solidly put together and
W stands firm. Has an exact yard measure painted on a l£
smoothly polished surface. Can be folded into flat board §3
and put aside when not in use. Our Eastern buyer was B
k in on an insolvent manufacturer's sale, and you get the M
benefit. The metal bed specials also continue for the J5
Vt like to «r; the Zanii in' the Kunii an* the T»di fEJSS? i/lPl/JlniL Jil'V^K
don't mcrh <:»-* ,bo« the uaa tb-r bare/but I muit lay A. I Tr/*OTfl H i W\ W^IJi
!> il be rttu .mart intmctire j«, to „« < tm \ avw \y W " r VI , ffii I[|fl $ «|
V\ brn the r-orld In twenty minute, cln be »«• along the Pike' A, (1 WhsMWifl B *1 '* T I it'll 1
—"A B»::i<i of thr Pike," bv \V«!lice Irwin Cobv . a_ (ill MufejMill 1 i!l i &'*'! IWl™l
r. 8 htc4 br Comer". Wcc'lclr. 3 PubUshed by^^: 1 / J /jpfiil |f| iH
To St. Louis and Return
sleeping cars; dinbg cm. JoHt lliiBr
Mam Entrance World's Fair. ' Mm w\lte»e<
raCy^jNjHSk 613 Market Street, * '
BaJF^5iF--S«i Saa Tudcmcs
AD VKKTISKM EXTS.
Novelty
Mink Stole
Just the thing to give ths finishing
touch to one of our handsome new
suits. \ : - - : >
Bring in your old furs aad let, us
tell you how mych it* will cost, to
remodel them into the latest fashion.
DONT FORGET OUR NUMBER.
GRAND OPENING
tKew FaiTand Winter
Woolens
all wool srrr-
INOS in all shades to
order for f 15 and f2O
and o *25. f2T.5O aad
Fine imported English
novelties to order for
tr<m«er»....*3 to *1O
Overcoats from
913 to $4O
Full dresa milts from..
*3O to *3O
Tou will save OS to 4i>
per cent by calling on
JOE POHEIM
The Tailor
Perfect fit and beat of
workmanship guaranteed
er no sale.
201 Moataromery Street. Corner Bu»x
11X0 aad 1112 Market Street.
sajt r&Azrczsco.
143 S. Spring Street. Los Angeles.
POINT LOBOS AVENUE LOTS
25zlOO Each.
Must be sold at once. i
Offered at reduced price.
$85O Each.
THOMAS MAGEE ft SOS8,
5 Montgomery Street.
MARKS BROS.
[TO- DAY IS
DOUBLE
VALUE DAY
Prl^SThave Gone to Smash throughout the
entlro etore. ! All Summer Goods are
"Now" to be eold.
HERE ARE SOME OF THE
I FACTS I1M A NUTSHELL:
LAWN KIMONA, a* pictured, comes In
pretty floral, figured and striped designs.
Graceful Kimona sleeves and front
• trimmed with wide border of white lawn
They won't last many hours at the prices
we've marked them.
_ ?—-
This CORSET COVER Is exactly like cut-
French , style, trimmed with 4 rows of
Torchon Insertion: . neclc finished with
ruffle of Torchon Lace. A rich bargain
for the thrifty woman.
DRAWERS as pictured; made of a good
heavy, durable quality of muslla; flounce
; J£ 'aimed with 2 rows of. Hemstitched
Tucks. Pray don" t delay thia greatest
double value offering of the season.
Think of buying- . a • $1 25 LOW NECK,
SAILOR COLLAR, MUSLIN GOWN for
«»c. A reduction like this will never
come your way again. It's beautifully
trimmed in Embroidery; cut extra full
and^wlde. i ,
MARKS BROS.
.. . - -. : The Home of Honest Values
1220-1222-1224 MarKct Street