Hayes for Congress in the Fifth Dis-'
trict* will w prov<g' acceptable to the Re
publican'voters'. ,';;*
Harmony; arid ' enthusiasm prevailed
at "the 'district's; nominating, convention'
Continued on Page 7, Column 2.
LONDON. Aug. 26.— The British war
ships Crescent, Odin, Pearl and Forte,
Rear Admiral Durnford commanding,
are at the Seychelles Islands, in the
vicinity of Zanzibar. It is understood
that the admiralty has. sent orders to
the admiral directing him to communi
c»*e with the Smolensk and the^ St.
Petersburf • - • : "J. ¦'-*;t:- - - - . • . - ¦ r
Will 'Search "for the Smolensk.
ST. PETERSBURG. Aug. 25.— Th«
Emperor has received the following dis
patch, dated August 25, from General
K urn pat kin:
"On August 24 a Japanese battalion
delivered an attack in the valley of
Sundakhya from Tantzipulze. The Jap
anese advance was checked by 3 o'clock
at Llaogantu by a Russian company,
five men of which were wounded.
"The same day two Russian com
panies successfully resisted the ad
vance of the enemy in superior force
at Sunoinpu. where the Japanese sus
pended operations when our reinforce
ments arrived. The Russian losses
were one officer wounded and fifty
three men killed or wounded.
"On the evening of August 24 the
Japanese, having repulsed our out
posts, occupied the heights to tho
REPORTS THE ATTACK.
Kuropatkin's Dispatch Leave* th«
Final Issue in Doubt.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 26.— The conven
tion opened .this, morning at .10:15
o'clock sharp, the reading of the re
port of the committee on permanent
organization "and order of business, J.
O. Hayes of Santa Clara chairman, be
ing, first called , for.' The report was
adopted without a dissenting voice. It
follows: I
The committee' on permanent organization
and order of business beg 'leave to report that
the officers of this convention shall be named
as follows; . Chairman, . Robert T. Devlin;
vice chairmen, John L.> Chllds of the First
Congressional j District. J. H. Steves of the
Second Congressional District. W. S. Wells of
the Third Congressional District. William W.
Symon /of the Fourth Congressional District.
Max Goldberg of the Fifth Congressional Dis
trict. W. A. Conn of the Sixth Congressional
District, George Hutchinson of the Seventh
Congressional ; District. E. S. Babcock of the
Kishth Congressional District; secretary, Harry
S. Wanrer; assistant secretaries. L. B. Wilson,
H. C. Lucas,' J.- O. Home, ¦ Duncan McPher
son Jr.: stenographer. J. A. Vaughan; sergeant
at .arms, W. A. Clark, who has appointed the
following assistant*. S.- A. Evans, F. la.
Stevens. W. A. Con>y.
Order »of business: 1. Report of commltteo
on platform and ' resolutions. 2. Nomination
of a 'Justice' of the Supreme Court. - 3. Nom
ination of ten Presidential Electors; two to be
nominated' from 'the State at large and one
each to b« nominated from the eight Congres
sional districts respectively.
We recommend the adoption of the follow-
InK resolution: Resolved. -That the executive
committee of the Republican State Central
Committee of California, be and it is hereby
empowered and authorized I to make and fill
vacancies in any nomination made by this
convention caused, by death, resignation, ln
ellglbility or any other cause. : \ ¦
J.- O. ¦ HAYES. -Chairman.
¦ • ¦, . . CHAS.; E. SNOOK. Secretary.
Chairman* Devlin, after the adoption
of the platform, called for nominations
The report of ..the committee on, plat
form, and, resolutions, Judge VahiFIeet
chairman, was • next presented for the
consideration of the .convention. , The
platform was greeted with enthusias
tic applause and was adopted, as read.
JUSTICE LORIGAX NOMINATED.
Kelly was from Placer County and
was serving five years for burglary. He
had but nine months more to serve.
SAX RAFAEL, Aug. 26.— Dan Kelly
and .F. »W. Montague, two desperate
convicts, escaped from San Quentln
prison this afternoon, and up to a late
hour to-night no trace of . them had
been found.
The two escapes had been employed
for the last few. months in driving the
garbage wagons from the prison to the
hog ranch, a Quarter of a mile distant.
Montague. left the prison about 1 n.
m. to-day. with a load of garbage and
arrived at his destination fifteen min
utes later. . Kelly did not make a trip
and was supposed to be. working with
one of the prison gangs. The two men
were in the habit of spending about an
hour at the ranch, and the guard evi
dently paid little attention to Mon
tague's absence. A few hours later the
guard discovered the garbage wagon at
the ranch and Montague missing.
The officials at the, prison were noti
lied cf the escape and .all. available
guards were detailed to scour the hills.
The San Francisco police and Sheriff
Taylor of Marin County were notified
and the Saus'alito ferry-boats watched.
At T> p. ni., lock-up time. Kelly. Mon
tague's pal, was found missing and the
officials had to send more men out to
notify the first squad of his escape.
Montague was serving ten years for
robbery, committed in Shasta County,
and had four more years to serve.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Ringing Speeches
Are Made by
Orators.
Two Desperate Criminals
Get Away From San Qnen
tiii and Are Still at Large
Justice of; Supreme Court. * .
William ' G. * Lorigan, . Santa
Clara.
; * -For Congress. * -.'.'¦ i
First ¦ District—^J. X. Gillette
of Huinboldt. ' ¦
Second * District — Duncan ' E.
McKlnlay of Sonoma.
Third Dlstrict—-J. R. Know
land of Alameda. •• .
Fourth * District— No nomina
tion. "¦' ' ; ; v ¦¦¦ -" J - v :,. ¦• i
Fifth District— E. ; A. Hayes of
Santa Clara.'"'
Sixth District— -J.' C- N'eedham
of San Joacuin* ¦ ',: ' . I < •
Seventh ' Dlstrict-^-James • Me- j
Lachlan of Los 'Angeles. -
Eighth District^-S. C. %mlth
of Kern.. ' •;.;, "
Electors.
At" large— \V. S. Wood of i San
Francisco. ' . ¦¦'¦<;¦ • '.. ?..-..
At larger-XT. S. Grant of San
Diego, j . '•;• •¦ ....' ..-,..•.
.First . District— Judge E. M.
Sweeney of Shnstti.
Second District-^Charles M.-
Hammond of ' Lake.
Third District— -F.'.-M. Smith
of Aliimeda.'
Fourth ;. District— Wlllinm ' J.
Dingcc of Snn Francisco. •-
Fifth 1 ' plstiict-^-George H.
PIppy, of ; San . Francisco.
Sixth 1 District— M.B. Harris
of Fresno. ? T : ' '
Seventh District— C. J. Walk
er • of L05 Angeles. '• r
Eighth v ' ; District — ' Richard
Melrose of Orange. " • •" '
Ticket Nominated
at Santa Cruz by
Republican Party
Nominations Meet
With Approval
of Public.
CHICAGO'S
UNIONS TO
OPEN BANK
Permit Is Issued by
the Auditor oi
the State.
SANTA CRUZ. Aug. 26. — The Re
publican State Convention closed to
day with cheers for" Roosevelt and
thanks to Santa Cruz. The delegates
were at no time yesterday or to-day
wearied by long speeches. The talks
were brief, pointed and patriotic. The
remarks of John F. Davis of Amador
in seconding the nomination of U. S.
Grant for elector at large inspired en
thusiasm. ' , ," . :
George A.' Knight,' national commit
tecman from California, was greeted
with cordial enthusiasm and his speech
of acknowledgment was cheered.
Frank P. Flint and Henry T. Oxnard,
candidates for the United States Sen
ate, did not address the convention,
but they lost nothing in point of pres
tige by reason of their silence, for
George A. Knight made no reference
whatever to the Senatorial campaign in
his remarks.
Comment is made by delegates and
spectators belonging to the Republican
party that Mr. Oxnard was placed in
an unfortunate position ..yesterday, by
the blunders of his political managers.
It is remarked that one of his three
managers. ' Walter Bacon of Los
Angeles, should be absolved from all
blame for the unfortunate incident, as
he took no part in the proceedings to
place the candidate for United States
Senator in the contest for Presidential
elector to represent the Eighth District.'
Charles M. Hammond of Upper Lake,
Lake County, candidate ' for Presi
dential ajector in the Second \ District,
is not widely known in California, but
he is spoken of as a man of high char
acter and " excellent qualities of mind
and heart. His wife is a sister of Presi
dent Roosevelt's first wife. 1 .
The general trend of comment Is . to
tfca effect that the nomination of E.' A.
«r*c'"l Dispatch to The Call
CHICAGO. Aug. 26.— Preliminary
steps looking toward the establishment
of a bank to be controlled by union
labor were taken to-day when the
State Auditor at Springfield issued a
permit for the organization of the First
Union Labor Bank of Chicago, with
a capital stock of $200,000. Charles F.
Strubbe, John E. Senne and John B.
Farrell were granted the permit.
"We are acting merely as a commit
tee," said Stmbbe, who is a city em
ploye, working at the repair shops of
tlie fir* department. The bank is being
backed by the District Council of Ma
chinists, of which" Farrell, Senne and
myself are members and which ap
pointed us as a committee. We want all
the trades and branches of union labor
represented in the bank." •;
Four of the Leaders in Re
cent Assaults Are Shot
by Order of the Governor
Special DlFpatch to The Call.
HERMOSILLO. Mexico, Aug. 26.—
Determined to break up, if possible, the
uprising of Yaoui Indians, which was
geming headway in 'the vicinity of
Hermosillo, the capital of Sonora, Gov
ernor Rafael Ysabel, commanding the
Federal forces in the absence of Gen
eral Luis E. Torres, who is visiting in
the United States, concentrated all of
the Oovernment ahd State troops/ with
the exception of small detachments
left to guard the ranches and roods
north of Guaymas, and ordered a gen
eral roundup of all Yaqui laborers, or
tame Indians, and all broncos within a
radius of fifty miles from Hermosillo.
The Indians -employed on the ranches
were^ not excluded, and when, on
Thursday, the movement was com
pleted, 400 Yaquis had been gathered in
the military prison.
Seventeen of the prisoners examined
by the Governor himself implicated
fifty others in crimes recently com
mitted. As a result of the preliminary
hearing, Domingo Bajeca, who led al
most all of the recent assaults; Antonio
Valencia, who had supervision over the
Indians on El Realito ranch and pro
vided a storehouse for arms and am
munition; Jose Alvarez, employed at
the Munoz ranch, at whose house the
Indians met and planned the revolt,
and Jose Buitemea, another . con
spirator, were condemned to death and
immediately shot. Others of the
IndiRns will receive the death sentence
if they can be proved guilty of the
crimes with which they are charged.
Governor Ysabcl has not yet decided
the fate of the many prisoners who re
main, but it is probable that, notwith
standing the protest of some of the
ranchers who depend on their labor," all
A'ill be deported to. Yucatan.
DISTINGUISHED REPUBLICANS WHO WERE HONORED BY THEIR PARTY. AT THE STATE CONVENTION HELD AT SANTA
CRL'Z AND WHO WILL GO BEFORE THE VOTERS OF CALIFORNIA TO ASK FOR THEIR SUFFRAGES AT THE
ELECTION TO BE HELD IN NOVEMBER. ¦ • , ., t
CONVICTS MAKE
THEIR ESCAPE
YAQUI RAIDERS
PUT TO DEATH
The rain fell in torrents at 4_ o'clock,
but it did not stop the fighting and late
in the evening several Russian com
panies moved forward to the attack.
It Is not yet possible to state posi
tively the result of the battle, but it la
asserted that the Russians were suc
cessful. There is prospect of more
fighting to-morrow.
At 2 o'clock the artillery fire became
as hot as it was at Vafangow, but it
fluctuated considerably and occasion
ally the Russian fire almost silenced
that of the Japanese.
KANTZERTUX (seven miles south
east of Liaoyang), Aug. 25.— Contrary
to the expectation of the Russians, the
Japanese are beginning to advance
along the whole line of the Russian
eastern front. On the morning of
August 24 there was a rifle skirmish
and the next day the Japanese artil
lery opened fire. On both days the
firing ceased at dusk and the small
energy displayed by the Japanese mil
itary was taken to indicate that it was
merely a demonstration or a recon
naissance in force. On the morning of
August 26, however, the rifle and ar
tillery fire was renewed with an energy
that left no doubt that a severe batil*
was intended.
The Japanese pushed their attack
against the Russian right flank and
center, concentrating their flre on the
First Battery of the Third Brigade.
Three officers and several men were
wounded early in the day. but the bat
tery held its position and replied to
the Japanese fire with such marked ef
fect that General Ivanof! (who com
mands the late General Keller's corps)
sent a congratulatory message to its
commander.
The Japanese several times at
tempted to cross the Tankih (Link*
River, but only a few succeeded and
these were forced to hide in the fleld3
of Chinese corn.
LONDON", Aug. 27. — A correspond
ent of the Morning Leader at Lisbon
says that the British steamship U>
bon, which has arrived there, reports
that she was stopped by a Russian
cruiser in the Bay of Biscay.
LOXDOX, Aug. 27. — The Tientsin
correspondent of the Standard says
that placards have been discovered at
Tslnanfu (In the, province, of . Shau
tung) urging the massacre of "foreign
devils after the seventh nioon" nnJ
that the native Christians are fleeing.
Issue ol Struggle Tbat Will
Decide Kuropatkin's
Fate in Doubt.
Some time after they had departed
Earl succeeded in freeing himself of
the fetters which bound him and, rid
ing madly to the round-up camp, told
his story- Drue Wilson headed a posse
of six men. who followed the trail of
the outlaws to the Blue River, where
they were overtaken about dusk on
Thursday evening. In the fight which
followed the posse was handicapped by
fear of killing the boy, but the out
laws, outnumbered and hampered by
their captive, finally abandoned the
child, dropping him on the trail as
they fled.
The posse camped on the scene of
the fight, expecting to take up the trail
the next morning, but a heavy rain
fell in the night, completely obliterat
ing all trace of the outlaws.
SAFFORD. Ariz.. Aug. 26.— A cow- j
boy. who comes in once a week for mail j
for the Black Rock Ranch, in the Gila i
Mountains, reached Safford to-day with I
nefc 6 of the kidnaping of Thomas War- !
dell, a twelve-year-old boy. on the '
Black Rock Ranch, and his subsequent !
recoverj'. after a fight with bandits.
• The foreman of the ranch and his j
cowboys were out on the round-up, !
wjth the exception of John Earl, left
in charge of the ranch, and the War
dell boy, a son of one of the men.
Shortly after nightfall on Wednesday
tfcr««'*4URi, whom Earl tlid not recog- j
nize. rode into the corral around the J
house and, dismounting, raised their j
rifles and ordered Earl's hands up. He
succeeded in slipping inside of the door i
and barricaded it. The outlaws, how- i
ever poured such a hot fire after Earl i
that in a few minutes the door was t
no more than a sieve and after making j
a feeble effort to return the fire the ¦
Yanch house capitulated and the out- 1
laws took possession. Earl was tied j
hand and foot and the place searched, j
but nothing valuable was discovered. •
One of the outlaws then suggested the j
carrying off of the frightened child, to '
hold for ransom.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Russians Hold Foe
Back in Early-
Fighting.
Posse Overtakes the Desperadoes and J {
Forces Them to Free Their
Captive. \
CMld Is Seized on Ranch
and Carried Away to Be
Held lor Ransom.
Decisive Combat
Rape Near
, Liaoyang.
Rescue Stolen Boy
From Arizona
Outlaws. ..
BATTLE
OF MAIN
ARMIES
RANGEMEN
FIGHT WITH
KIDNAPERS
REPUBLICAN CONVENTION COMPLETES ITS WORK
AND ADJOURNS WITH CHEERS FOR ROOSEVELT
VOLUME XCVI— NO. 88.*
Continued : on ' Page 2, Column ¦ 4. 2
Continued on Page J 2, Column 1.
TES WEATHSS.
Forecast made at San Pran
cisco for thirty hours ending
midnight, August 27:
Saa Frandioo and vicinity—
Pair, warmer Saturday; liffhi
north wind, changing" to f re«i
westerly. A. O. McADIE,
Dlitrict Forecaster.
The San Francisco Call
V THE THEATEBS.
Alcazar — "The Pride of Jennico."
California — "The Man of Myi
- tery."
Central— "A Spy »t Port Arthur."
Colombia — "Candida."
Pitcher's — "Anheuter Push."
Grand — "Held by the Enemy.'*
Orpaenm — Vaudeville.
Tlvoll — "The Toreador."
Matlneci at AH Theaters.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN. FRANCISCO, SATURDAY; i AUGUST. 27, 1904.Continued From Page 1, Column 5.
"where-are-we-at-er." They will not listen to
the cry of imperialism from those to whom
the acquisition of Alaska was once Imperial
ism, to whom Hawaii was Imperialism but
six years ago. and who to-day revamp the
tame old argument and simply move the line
of its. application a little farther westward.
There are some things that are a finality
even In American politics. No man shall ever
a;ain as President of the United States send
a paramount commission from Georgia to
haul down the American flag at Honojulu on
ar.y future Fourth of July. Xo aJllance of
transcontinental traffic interests shall pre-
I vent the immediate construction of the Panama
canal. ! The people trust the sane, sensible,
I able, bouest, fearlesft administration of Theu
dore Roosevelt and no combination of financial
revenue and political graft in the State of
N'ew York, promotinK the milk-and-water per
sonality of any candidate, however respectable,
sliall b« peimltted to defeat this uprlglK,
downright, forthright American.
The contest is about to bc-Kln. The Repub
lican army extends across the country from
l^altlmore to San Diego. We on this Western
I coast are the left wins of that army. And
| when it starts to move, when the old, familiar
i ordf-r "By the left Hank forward." is given,
no more appropriate name cculd he found
amor- the captains and ch'.e/talns than that
of V. P. Grant.
i Frank D. Ryan of Sacramento and
Chester Rowell of Fresno also seconded
Grant's nomination. J. O. Hayes of
Santa Clara, in a short speech, sec
onded the nominations of both Wood
and Grant. The call for a vote re
sulted in the unanimous election of
Wood an^i. Grant.
FAVORITE SONS NOMINATED.
At this point the Congressional dis
tricts named their Rectors and the con
vention was called upon to ratify se
lections as follows:
First District— JUDGE EDWARD M.
SWEENEY of ShaMa.
Second District— CHARLES M. HAMMOND
of Lake.
Third District— F. M. SMITH of Ala
meda.
*• Fourth District— WILLJAM J. DINGEE of
San Frr.nc!seo.
Fifth District— GEORGE H. PIPPY of San
Fianclsco.
Sixth district— M. B. HARRIS of Fresno.
Seventh District— C. J. WALKER of Los
Eighth District— RICHARD MELROSE of
Oran£v.
KNIGHT'S VOICE IS HEARD.
Again shouts for George A. Knight
rang out at this time and Knight was
compelled to respond. He said in part:
I did not exrect to be called upon to make
1 a Pi>eech and am not prepared to talk to you
for any lencth of time. " I expect- to make a
trip "Kast shortly and go among etrange faces
and face strange audiences. ThU may per
haps be the best for me. I do not fear the
outcome.
Thnt banner that hangs in the center of
the hall recalls to me the respect that was
Kivpn this (treat State at th» big conven
tion in CliieaKo. The reputation of California
is po longer confined to narrow Western pre
cincts, or even the United States: the State
is famous whprever the English language Is
spoken as one of the best States of the
UniotM
¦ A few days ago the son and heir of the
Czar of Russia was born and throughout the
world th«» news was heralded. Do you know
that California i* in her 6waddllng clothes?
]>o you know that throughout the nations of
the earth California has been* crowned
the heir of a new born commercial section of
the great West? San Francieco 1b to-day
destined to be one of the greatest cities of
the world and city and State have both been
true to th« principles of the Republican
"party. ¦ "¦¦ i"
. I shall tell the people, when journeying
through the East, that we have here an em
pire. When I go East I will take no com
i>as=s: there will be no Northern, Central ' or
Southern California, but Just California. Our
State is broad enough for an empire and fair
enough for an Eden.
Alex Brown of Calaveras \ called for
a vote of thanks for the chairman and
secretary; which was heartily given.
J. O. Hayes moved that the citizens
of Santa Cruz be thanked for the cour
tesies extended the delegates. The mo
tion prevailed.
With three cheers for Roosevelt and
Fairbanks the convention adjourned
sine die.
Postal Authorities Issue a. Fraud Or
der Against the Vance System
Company.
Through the information , furnished
Inspector O'Connell by The Call sev
eral months ago a fraud order has
been issued by the United States pos
tal authorities holding up the mallof
the Vance System Company.
The Vance System Company is a
RACING GRAFTERS CANNOT
USE MALL FOR ASSISTANCE
A prize fighter cati stand up* under
more hot punches than a booze fighter
can. . ¦ • . • ; .
During 1903 there were launched in
Great Britain .738 vessels, of 1,342, 508
tons, which compares with 717 ships
of 1,542,698 tons In- 1902. Excluding
warships, the tonnage launched was
1,190,618 tons, as compared with
1,427,558 tons in 1902 and 1,528,700
tons in 1901. : :
Selections. Dellipiane's orchestra;
"My Own United States," Elks' quar
tet; fancy dance, Baby Deutch; "An
gels' Seranade," Cecellan Harmony
Club,; monologue, Miss Mae . F.
O'Keefe. The cast: .Mr. Simonides
Swanhopper, J. c. O'Donnell; Law
rence Lavender,, W., M. Ogilvie; Mr.
Bloomfleld -Brambleton, F. P. Scully;
Cicely, Lydia* Cavalli; Matilda Jane,
Rose Broderick.
An entertainment was given last
night- in Verelo EIntracht. Hall on
Twelfth street- by the men of St.
Charles parish. .The affair was under
the direction o£ Thomas Learned. J.
C. O'Donnell acted as stage manager.
The proceeds, of- the entertainment
will be devoted to the fair to be given
during October. The comic operetta,
"A Model Young Bachelor," was well
received. -The young people compris
ing the cast acquitted themselves in
a. creditable , manner. Following, is
the programme : .
Men of -St. Charles Church Present a
Most Attractive Programme at
Elntrncht Hall.
Superintendent Williamson of South
ern California Insane Asylum Ban
queted at Bohemian Club.
A banquet wasf given last evening at
the Bohemian Club by the homeo
pathic fraternity of the city to Dr. A.
P. Williamson. It was a graceful rec
ognition of the appointment of the
doctor as superintendent of the South
ern California State Asylum for the
Insane, located at Patton, San Ber
nardino County.
Dr. William Simpson, as toast
master, spoke of the high professional,
position of the man in whose honor
they had assembled. Dr. Simpson
eloquently toasted the State" Commis
sion of Lunacy, speaking y>f ; its fair
treatment of their school of practice
by the selection of Dr. Williamson.
¦ Dr. Williamson until recently was
assistant superintendent of thie Minne
sota State Insane' Asylum at Fergus
Falls and Has had many years' experi
ence in this work. :V < ; -,
NEW OFFICIAL HONORED
BY FELLOW PHYSICIANS
livered a lengthy address on "The In*
vestor in Mines."
To-morrow is the closing day of the
congress. The committee on nomina
tion will report to the convention their
recommendation of nine members for
the board of directors for the ensuing
year. While it is not a necessary act,
it Is believed that the convention will
also recommend to the directors their
choice for president and secretary. For
the former place only the name of J.
H. Richards of Idaho, incumbent, Is
mentioned. For the secretaryship Ir
win Mahon has repeatedly announced
that he will not be a candidate and the
only avowed candidate for the place
is Philip £. Bates of Oregon.
GIVE %SXTERTAIXMENT IN
AID OF PARISH FAIR
Preceding the vote oh the question
of the permanent, headquarters there
was a love feast among the delegates
from Salt Lake and Denver, each dele
gate expressing, great regret over the
unhappy occurrence of. yesterday aft
ernoon, when uncomplimentary words
were bandied from one delegation to
the other because of the fact that -the
Mormon question had been interjected
into the debate for the permanent
headquarters." ¦'.-¦•¦'. • ; •
The olive branch was first extended
by Judge C. W. Powers of Salt Lake,
who in a few words expressed regret
for any hasty words he had used in
his address yesterday afternoon. Lafe
Pence of Lewiston, Idaho; who was
the chief speaker for the Denver dele
gation yesterday, accepted the token
of peace from Judge Powers, and in' a
straightforward manner impressed
upon his hearers the extent of his re
gret for having said things, though un
intentionally, that had created ill feel
ing among the delegations. The dove
of peace having extended its wings
over the proceedings, the question :of
the permanent headquarters, was de
bated pro and con with the result that
Denver carried oft the palm by a good
majority, which, upon motion of Judge
Powers, was made unanimous. ' • • '
A feature of the afternoon session
was the election of Joseph T. Corn
forth of -Alaska as an honorary life
member of the congress. The honor
was a token of appreciation of Corn
forth's services to the mining industry
in that he was one of the founders of
the American Mining Congress and has
given it substantial and valuable as
sistance In its growth since.
When the congress reconvened -at
half-past two James W. Abbott of Cpl
.orado, special agent of the Bureau of
Good Roads Inquiries. or the Depart
ment of Agriculture, made an address
on the subject "Mining Men for Bet
. ter.R.oa.dgJ'.^ #
F. Wallace White of Cleveland de-
PORTLAND, Aug. 26.— The American
Mining Congress has relapsed Into the
routine of the official programme af
ter having spent the greater part of
twenty-four hours in a hard fought
contest over the location of the per
manent headquarters, which.terminat
ed at 1:20 o'clock this afternoon with
the decision in favor of Denver^'
Delegates to Portland Con
vention Select. Colorado's
Capital for Headquarters
' rescued her.
Help came from the powerhouse and
" the party searched three hours before
" it found the body of Carpenter, which
eventually appeared on the opposite
side of the lake.
That Carpenter should have been at
tacked by a cramp and sink was a
' surprise to all. but how Miss Dowie
saved herself is a still greater cause
fnr wonder. MCTta
Deputy Coroner W. A. Bean left to
' day for the scene.
Carpenter was an expert swimmer
and during the summer, when outing
parties stop at the powerhouse for a
few days on their trip, the principal
'pport is swimming in the lake at the
head of the reservoir. Carpenter al
ways volunteered his services and was
such a trusted man in the water that
• rone feared to go Into deep water with
him.
Miss Dowie, another young lady and
' George Marty were enjoying the cool
¦waters, the girls taking lessons from
Carpenter. He and Miss Dowie were
out in the deep water when Carpenter
was seized by a cramp and went to the
bottom. Although Miss Dowie had
never swum a stroke in her life, she
" managed to keep herself above the sur
face while Marty obtained a boat and
FRESNO. Aug. 26.— Fred Carpenter,
patrolman of the San Joaquin Com
pany's reservoir and ditch at North
Fork, was drowned this afternoon
while teaching Miss Helen Dowie to
fcwim.
Epecial Dispatch to The Call.
Senator Hoar's Xote-
In Washington one day Senator
Hoar met an acquaintance who
stopped to inform him that a very
dear friend was seriously ill with ap
pendicitis. Senator Hoar was very
solieitious and determined to write a
note of sympathy at once. He had
hardly finished the note before word
came to him that his friend was ill
with acute indigestion instead of ap
pendicitis. Senator Hoar tore up the
first note and sent the following in
its place: "I am very sorrv to hear
tiiat you are ill, but am glad that the
trouble is with the table of contents
rather than with the appendix." — Ex
change.
Nature sometimes saves a woman the
trouble of making a fool of a man.
The Baptists of the United States,
according to the latest official re
turns, number 4.330,462. They are
gathered in 44,820 churches and are
served by 30,509 ministers. The grains
last year were 375 churches, 64 8 min
isters and 61,399 members.
Athlete Is Drowned While
Giving Young Lady a Les
son in Natatorial Skill
Thousands followed the remains of
Peter J. Dunne to their last resting
place at Holy Cross Cemetery yester
day. St. Brigld's Church, where the
solemn rites were held, was crowded.
While the reauiem high mass was be
ing sung belated mourners arrived and
crowded the street in front of the edi
fice.
There were men from all walks of
life, but they were united in this, they
had all known and liked Peter J.
Dunne and were grieved over his un
timely death. Politicians, policemen,
lawyers, doctors, newspaper men and
laborers stood side by side and bared
their heads as the coffin wasioorne by.
They furnished a touching proof of
Captain Dunne's power to make and
keep friends.
• 'In the crowd were four Chinamen
who had been employed by the Dunne
Brothers. Their faces were full of sor
row.
The pall bearers were Garret W. Mc-
Enerney, William H. Leahy. J. F. Sul
livan, James E. Britt, Michael Asey,
H. T. Creswell, Percy V. Long, Josiah
R. Howell, James Shay and Joseph
Loewe. '
The funeral procession left the late
captain's residence. 1322 Leavenworth
street, at 10 o'clock. It was preceded
by%a procession farmed of members
of the Ancient Order of Hibernians, Ig
natian Council, Y. M. I., the Iroquois
Club and the Knights of St. Patrick.
The carriages following the hearse
formed a train that reached for five
blocks
At St. Brigld's' Church the requiem
high mass was sung by Rev. Father
Cottle, assisted by Father McAullffe.
After the services the remains were
conveyed to Holy Cross Cemetery on
a funeral car. There the remains of
one of the best liked men in the city
were laid to rest. j^H
One incident broke rudely into the
solemnity of the occasion. A dispute
; arose between the union and non-union
hackmen as the funeral procession left
the dead man's residence. For the sake
of peace the non-union hackmen agreed
to drive to the church on ' a different
street. On the way to the funeral car
the non-union men drove in the rear
of the others.
SWIMMER DIES
IN RESERVOIR
DENVER CHOICE
OF THE MINERS
Thousands From All Walks
; of Life Gather at the
Bier of Peter J. Dunne
NEW YORK, Aug. 26.— Bradstreet to
morrow will say: Rather better west
ern crop reports and the advance of
the fall season have brought an in
creased number of buyers to nearly all
western and eastern markets. This has
resulted in an enlargement of fall dis
tributions, which, however, have pro
ceeded along conservative lines, with
staple products, notably In best de
mand. A feature of the week through
out the country has been clearance
sales of summer goods bv retailers
which have enlarged distribution in
this line, no doubt to be later on re
flected In collections. Industrial re
sumptions are numerous and the num
ber of operatives involved is consider
able. The labor situation is still rather
complex, a large number of additional
building hands striking in New York.
A rather better .tone is noted in tex
tile circles, the effect of a numerous
resumption of cotton mills and the
disposition to take hold shown by buy
ers of textiles at first and second
hands. What few railroad earnings are
available point to slight gains over the
corresponding month a year ago.
Raw wool is rather in better demand
j and firm, with scoured wools strong.
Lumber is fairly active at the North
west, but rather quiet at the East,
where building trade troubles affect
distribution.
Business failures for the week ending
August 25 in the United States number
285 against 203 last week and 142 for
the corresponding week last year.
In Canada failures for the week num
ber 26 against 25 last week and 25 for
the corresponding week last year.
Wheat, including flour, exports for
the week ending August 25 aggregate
1,084,333 bushels, against 1,703,047 last
week and 3,245,056 last year. From July
1 to date the exports aggregate 10,634,
151 bushels against 25,078,289 last year,
and 36,777,207 in 1902.
MONTPELIER, Vt., Aug. 26.—Secre
tary of War Taft addressed a Republi
can rally in Armory Hall this [ after
noon. Secretary Taft briefly reviewed
the issues and history of the parties
and discussed their platforms. He
eulogized the President highly, say
ing:
Unable really to attack the record of the
Republican party, unable really to take, any
ground which makes a combaiable Issue with,
the Republicans on the main question, the
Democrats now seek to attack the President
and to charge him with violations of the con
stitution, with a Headstrong disposition to rule
or ruin, with a tendency to Involve the coun
try In foreign wars, with beinfe. In other
words, an unsafe man. In all my experience
I never have met a man In authority who has
less uride ofioplnlon tn the Judgments that he
has formed In respect to situations presented
to htm for action than has Theodore Roose
velt. I have never met a man who was so
amenable to reason, so anxious to reach a just
conclusicn and eo willing to sacrifice a pre
viously formed opinion as the present Presi
dent of the United States. He weiths every
argument which is brouuht before htm, and if
by reason of the limpid character of his
nature, wrlch leads him to speak as he thinks,
he gives instant expression to an opinion which
subsequent facts show him to be erroneous, he
changes as only a man can change who 1$
an earnest seeker for truth, wlth'tho sincerest
desire to do rlsht. , -
He i« not a tyrant, but he is a leader. He
does believe in a. strenuous life. He does be
lieve In doing thinus. He believes that a man
who 'is Eivei. brain and muscle is charged
with the responsibility of making the most of
them and of doing as much with both as
possible for his fellow men. He represents
as high a type as there- is in the country of
energetic American manhood.
No man ever Fat In the Presidential chair
more anxious to avoid war or conflict with
foreign nations than he. His lmpulslvenesn
of manner and his quickness of thoueht and
speech co-exist with a real conservatism of
action that makes it as certain as it was under
Mr. McKinley that no policy will be followed
n-eedlessly exposing tl^e interests of the coun
try to the peril, ot war.
/Ah. but It is said wait until he has a free
hand after the election, then you'; will see
him in his true light. It is difficult to answer
such a sratuitous suggestlcn, founded as It
must be on the assumption, that a man like
Theodore Roosevelt, whose candor and honesty
are so patent that he almost thinks aloud, has
been playing: a Dart for threre yam and is only
awaiting the success at election to throw off
the mask. It Is too ridiculous for discussion.
Word Picture of the Presi
dent as He Is, by One
Who Knows Him Well
Enlargement of Fall Distri
butions Caused by Cheer
ing Advices From the West
FRIENDS PAY
LAST TRIBUTE
this afternoon, and the nominee has
the ability and resources for a vigor
ous campaign on his own behal'f. Re
cent political events have signified his
popularity In Santa- Clara County and
he will surely hold the full measure of
the party strength In San Mateo
County.
The nomination of Duncan E. Mc-
Kinlay for Congress in the Second Dis
trict is highly commended. He deserves
the support of every Republican in the
district on ' account of the excellent
service that he has rendered to the
people of California in general and the
Republican party In particular. The
citizens of Sacramento County are
elated over his nomination, as they
comprehend that his vigorous intellect
and persuasive personality will enable
him to accomplish something in Con
gress for the benefit of the Sacramento
Valley. It is remarked that the only
legislation obtained by the J present
Democratic Representative of the Sec
ond District was an amendment abol
ishing the canteen at the Veterans'
Home. Every county of the Second
District was fully and ably represented
In the Republican Congressional Con
vention that nominated' Duncan Mc-
Kinlay. In the Democratic Congress
ional Convention of the Second held
here lastf Tuesday the county of Marin
was not represented at all and only
a few delegates from other counties
attended. As conclusive proof that the
Democratic Convention of the Second
District was a small affair the fact
is cited that it was held in the ladles'
parlor of the St. George Hotel, Santa
C.ruz.
Nearly all the delegates to the Re
publican State Convention and all the
known Senatorial aspirants left Santa
Cruz for their respective homes this
afternoon. Frank P. Flint goes to
Los Angeles and George A. Knight and
Henfy T. Oxnard go to San Francisco.
The executive committee and the
new advisory committee of . the Re
publican, State Committee held a ses
sion at the St. George Hotel this after
noon and topics relating to registration
were fully considered. General George
Stone presided at the meeting.
racing information concern run by W.
S. Morrill and B. A. Meyer, tloing
business at room 223 Parrott building.
Their method was to advertise in
Eastern and Southern papers that
they had a system to beat the race?.
They would either sell their system.
which they claimed to have had copy
righted, from J2 50 to $10,. or they
would work on a commission. They
would have their clients send their
money out here and they would place
It In the local poolrooms and take a
10 per cent commission from It.
Inspector O'Connell investigated
their layout in the Parrott building
and said it wa3 on the same plan as
the many racing get-rlch-quick con
cerns that infested the city two years
ago. The schemers were notified that
they would have to desist their prac
tice and they promised to do so.
Letters and money orders, etc., ad
dressed to the Vance System Company
will be marked fraudulent and re
' turned to the senders.
CROP REPORTS
PLEASE BUYERS
TAFT'S SKETCH
OF ROOSEVELT
HAYES IS NO3IIXATED.
Santa Clara Man Choice of the Fifth
• v Congressional District.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 26.— The dele
gates from the Fifth Congressional
District assembled to-day immediately
after the adjournment of the State
convention and unanimously nomi
nated K. A. Hayes of San Jose for
Congtesa. The choice of the delega
tion being without opposition, the sec
retary was Instructed to cast the vote
of the convention for the Santa Clara
man.
James R. Lowe of San Jose acted
as chairman of the convention a vV
George C. Ross of Redwood City was
chosen secretary. The nominating and
seconding speeches were brief and to
the point. Loud cheers were given
when Hayes arose in response to
the calls of the delegates to make a
speech.
"Gentlemen— I know that you will
give me your support," said Hayes,
"and feel confident that we can re
deem the Fifth District from the hands
of the "Democratic party. As long as
I have your support and the support
of my fellow Republicans of the Fifth
I know it will be plain sailing. I don't
want to tell you all the good things
I will do, bnt I will promise to uphold
the principles of the- great party and
work for the betterment of the people
of our district."
The employes of the San Jose Her
ald and Mercury immediately sent a
congratulatory telegram to Hayes, ex
pressing to him their heartfelt wishes
at his good fortune. The telegram was
as follows:
"E.'A. Hayes, Sea Beach Hotel, Santa
Cruz: Congratulations to our next
Congressman, with affectionate wishes
and loyal support of 150 of the. hap
piest employes in California,"
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 26.— Time adds
to the snarl in the Twenty-ninth Sen
atorial District. When the district cen
vention met this morning it was an
ticipated that the clashing Interests
would be harmonized. But the Santa
Cruz County Central Committee, dis
satisfied with the outlook and antici
pating such a contingency, took snap
action from which "was born a dizzy
legal tangle. As a result S. H. Rambo
and Christian Hoffman, both of this
city, hold certificates of nomination for
State Senator, but which will be recog
nized by the Secretary of State is a
question.
Under the call of the State Central
Committee for the State Convention a
clause was Inserted in which it was
stated that thecounty delegates to the
State Convention would constitute the
various Legislative conventions unless
the county committees of the various
counties composing the several Assem
bly and Senatorial districts had taken
legal action for the constitution of sep
arate Legislative conventions. Action
for such separate conventions • the
Santa Cruz Central Committee claimed
it had taken. Chairman Stone of the
State Central Committee claimed that
the county committee had not taken
6uch action and ordered that the dele
gates to the State convention from San
Mateo and Santa Cruz counties*, which
compose the Twenty-ninth Senatorial
District, meet this morning and nomin
ate a candidate for Senator.
The delegates from the two counties
named met in the Casino this morn
ing, but the Hoffman faction of the
Santa Cruz delegation refused to recog
nize the legality of the meeting as
composed of the delegates to the State
convention and presented a list of nine i
other delegates selected this morning
by the County Central Committee of
Santa Cruz, which the county commit
tee said were properly accredited to'
the Senatorial convention. These nine
men are L. .". Dake, 'George Radeliff,
Harry S. Wanzer, Harry Lucas, W. C.
Hoffman, H. F. Fanneuf, S. A. Palmer,
A. G. Lay and H. F. Kron.
The Rambo faction of the Santa Cruz
delegation refused to; recognize these
ninr, as did the seven delegates from
San Mateo, which favored Henry "Ward
Brown for Sen or. The Bror/n and
Rambo delegates then assembled and
elected George Ross of Redwood chair-,
man of the convention. The San Mateo
delegation" cast Its seven votes for
Brown and the Rambo faction of the
Santa Cruz delegation four votes for
Rambo. Brown, however, stated that
as one half of the delegates of the two
counties ionstltutlnp the district had
not cast "heir vote for him he could
not consider that he had been nomin
ated. Therefore, he refused to accept
a certificate from the seven delegates
of San Mateo, .constituting a" majority
of the convention as held, a §eeon<3
ballot was taken In which Brov. a again
received seven votes, but again he de
clined to consider that his nomination
had been effected. Upon the third bal
lot the San Mateo delegation bolted to
Rambo and he was declared the nom
inee.
While this was foingr on the r.!ns
delegates appointed by the Santa Cruz
County Committee assembled in anoth
er part of the hall, elected Dake chrir
man and proceeded to organize a Sen
atorial disirlct convention of its o*n.
Nominations were called for and the
nine cast their vote for Christian HofJ
man of Santa Cruz. The nominees of
the two conventions will now make a
race to get their certificates to the of
fice of the Secretary of State. In tin
meanwhile the Secretary of State will
be apprised of the situation and upon
his Judgment will rest the fate of the
opposing nominees. ' -;• .
Delegates From Santa Cruz
and San Mateo Counties
Clash Over State Senator.
ENTHUSIASM MARKS PROCEEDINGS OF CONVENTION
Congressional Districts Name
Favorite Sons for the
Presidential Electors.
THE SAN tRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 27, l'90S
commend the effort how being made to re-establish
in, a* ;modern way the road known as El Camino
Real. ' : j-' :: £ \^X' i i
- \Ve> congratulate the country, upon the passage of
the national Irrigation act, a measure recom
mended : by a Republican j President and enacted
by a Republican Congress.
We pledge our nominees for Congress, to: the
earnest advocacy. and consistent* support. of meas
ures now -pending and to be offered- -'designed for
the Improvement of the rivers and harbors of the
State.- ....„,,.,-.•-.... ............... ,
We commend the efforts that are being made by
the National and State' Governments to promote
the mining industries of the. State without detri
ment to the agricultural and other interests in
volved. .
We approve and advocate the adoption of the
prdf>osed constitutional amendment providing- for
the establishment of District Courts of Appeal.
Owing to the rapid growth of the State nnd the
consequent increase, of litigation, the business of
the Supreme Court has become greater than that
court can dispose of. Tills causes unavoidable de
lay,, to the gr.mt injury of litigants, and prevents
the prompt administration of criminal justice.
This* plan is in successful operation in the national
system and in other States. The amendment aboi-
Ishe^ the [present Supreme Court Commission, and
the change will not materially increase the expense
of maintaining the judicial system, while *it will
.very materially cxpedtie the business of the courts.
We recommend the adoption. of the proposed con
stitutional amendment empowering the Legislature
to revise the codes by a single act, and the further
proposed amendment designed to exempt from tax
ation 'household furniture to- the value of $100.
We oppose tlic adoption of Senate constitutional
' amendment No. 20, known as the San ford amend
ment, extendinr the session of the Legislature fi-om
sixty to eighty days, and* providing a private sec
retary for each member.
We favor the adoption of the proposal sub
mitted by tlic Legislature to the people to Issue
State bonds to the* amount of $2,000,000 for the
improvement of the San Francisco water front,
known as the San Francisco seawall act. The in
creasing commerce of the "Pacine#imperatively de
mands better Inrbor accommodations on the coast.
This measure will not entail any tax upon the peo
ple of the State, as the entire expenditure is to be
borne by the State harbor fund. '
In conclusion we, the delegated representatives
of the Republi?an party of California, an integral
portion of the great National Republican party,
appeal upon this platform to the electors of the
State. We especially address ourselves to the
young citizens who will this year cast their first vote.
The ranks of the older generation who have voted
with the party are' unbroken; we wish to enlist
the young men. j To the first voters of our State we
say. wiillc our party has a glorious past, it does not
live in the past: it is the party of the future.
Align yourselves with the iwirty that stands for the
national idea, that has always stood for sound
money and honest finances and that Is pledged by
Its history to t he policy of protection.
We pledge the nominees of the party for the
Senate and Assembly to strict economy, and to a
careful and persistent effort to avoid and prevent
extravagance and waste in,. the disposition of the
public funds.
The Republican party stands pledged. now as In
the past to lib?ral appropriations for the support
and maintenan ?e of the public schools and the
State University.
Recognizing the great importance of the farming,
horticultural, stock and dairy interests of our State,
and convinced that th'e work of the agricultural
department of our State University will be of great
and lasting benefit to those interests, we recom
mend that the Legislature provide a suitable appro
priation for the purchase of an experimental farm
for the use of the agricultural department of the
University of. California.
We fully recognize that good roads tend to the
well-being and prosperity of the State, nnd we
urge the improvement of our public highways and
With nil those who believe' that the executive
head of the National Government should be en
trusted to men endowed with force, energy and
determination, and not to the mere instruments of
a political party, we rejoice that the choice of the
Republican party has fallen upon Theodore Roose
velt for President and Charles W. Fairbanks for
Vice President. Their lives and careers show their
entire fitness for the high offices for which they
have been nominated. Possessed of courage, en
dowed with ability, trained In statesmanship, ever
ready to assume a positive stand on all national
Questions; and to declare their views without hesi
tation, the can lldates of the Republican party can
justly claim t:r-* confidence rfhd support of the
American people.
We commend the . course of our Senators and
Republican ""Representatives in the' Congress .of .the
United States, and we are especially gratified In
the merited promotion of the Hon. Victor II. Met
calf to a position in the Cabinet.
We heartily commend the present State admin
istration.- at th? head of which is Governor George
C. Pardee.
.the Republican party has no past which it
wants . forgotten. It dories in its record, and in
the statesmen and soldiers, livlnjr and dead, who
made it.
The Republican party of California, in conven
tion assembled, declares its full and unqualified
approval of the platform adopted at the Repub
lican National Convention held at the City 'of, Chi
cago i in the month of June, . 1004. and ! declares . its
intent to support with all its strength the principles
and. nolicy there announced. ." -„
The people of v California find in the national
platform of th-' Republican party no halting, un
certain or evasive declarations j of public j policy,
but On "the" contrary they read witlr satisfaction; the
open, sincere and honest .statements of a political
party . which "liris always • been i true to itself,
straightforward to the people and consistent In its
constant -and uhiTinittins efforts to secure, and
maintain the progress and prosperity of the repub
lic and its whole people.
PLATFORM OF REPUBLICAN PARTY
ADOPTED AT SANTA GRUZ BY THE
DELEGATES TO STATE CONVENTION
Continued ' From Page 1, Column 4.
Nominations Meet
for Associate Justice of the Supreme
Court.
Delegate "W. A. Bowden of Santa
Clara immediately rose to name Jus
tice W. G. Lorigan. the incumbent,
was appointed bv Governor Gage to
fill the vacancy caused by the death
of the late Justice Temple. In part
Uowden saia:
I have the privilege of presenting a man
known all over the State of California tor his
l.dclity to the, x>arty and hi« splendid attain
ments. An incorruptible Judiciary is necessary
to uub!:c welfare and the people demand th-»
r 1ti£best capacity in those who sf ek the Su
jiremf bench. Such a man can be found in
the Hon. AV. G. Ivorlgan of Santa Clara.
Ho comes to you stamped with a successful
< areer and this is .meant in all of the Fensi»
that the expression Implies. The lawyers
h.>nor him for his learning, the laymen for
hie honefty; all admire him for his pleasing
personality and I again take pleasure in asking
>»>u to <Jv> honor to his name.
The nomination was seconded by M.
W. Mackintosh of San Francisco, W.
II. Savage of Los Angeles and C H.
Duncan of El Dorado. A motion that
Justice Lorigan be elected by acclama
tion prevailed unanimously.
ELECTORS ARE NAMED.
l The nomination of an electoral ticket
of ten, two at larpre and one from each
Congressional district of the State, was
next called for. Chairman Devlin sur
rendered the gavel for the time and
took the floor to name \V. S. Wood oj
San Francisco. In part he said:
Gentlemen of the convention: t am
on the floor to rrefent to you the name of
a nmn for elector at large that is familiar to
you all. He tills every qualification as a
lawyer and a citizen and for mure than thirty
3*-art has civen his time and talents to the
K^publicsn party a»-.d I think this is the rit
tinc time to show appreciation of his efforts
for the party. Gentlemen, 1 wish to name
W. S. Wood of San Francisco.
Judge Burnett of Sonoma seconded
Wood's nomination.
Senator M. L. AVard of San Luis
Obispo named U. S. Grant of San Diego
for elector at large, saying in part:
On behalf of Sun Diejo County ajid the
loyal Republicans of the southern part of
the State I would pretsent to the convention
lor <Jflepate at larse the name of I'. S. Grant
of Saa Diego. His name is known wherever
American history is read and it is honored.
I". S. Grant is a thorouchly reliable business
rian. He is in thorough sympathy with the
doctrines that are advanced by the Republican
«arty ar.d he will lend Etr»>nrth to the elec
toral ticket of this State.
1 predict that the comir-g oampaien will
b<? a. banner year -for Republicans in Cali
fornia and that the t^tatf will give Theodore
Flnewvelr the largest majority ever given a
Republican ticket in the history of the State.
dams of Am adok 'speaks.
Judge John F. Davis of Amador sec
onded Grant's nomination, addressing
the convention as follows:
Gentlemen of the Convention: In rising to
second a name that comes "from a section -to
which the Republican party in this Stale owes |
h. debt of gratitude, let me first congratulate |
you that we have to-day a convention that i
' fcas not had to beg anyone to accept a place
i-upon its electoral ticket, tut Is embarrassed
only by the nuiaber of names from which to
cl.oose: that ha* not had to get out a search
warrant to fir:d a candidate to * run in any
Congressional district: that i* notji convention
of prcxiej.. but one of a full membership ofdele
i,-at«-« from every nook in the State, deter
• mined, harmonious, enthusiastic.
And fhe American people are jUFt a? deter
' mined as this convention. With our oppo
nt-r.ts opposition is their life and opportunity
hsif always boen their grave. Xo party that
lias bc-en in.-ane en. every political Issue for
the last eight years* shall this year preach
.of sanity ji.-d receive a patient hearing. That
' l'artj" does not stand for sound money whose
reason for dropping the free silver issue tn
this campaign it- b*c ause the *rodu*tlon of gold
has temporarily increased. The people will net
trust tariff tinkering. to a party whose last at
tempt was denounced by It* own membership
a? a compromise with perfidy and dishonor.
I would rather, be : a '•stand-patter" than a
« _. * *
2
DR. PIERCE'S REMEDIED.
It is much easier for a woman to coaSde
ia the average man than ia the average
woman. She knows that the man will re-
spect her confidences and keep them to
hraself. He is strong:, has more experience
of the world and can help the woman who
needs advice. There is every reason why
women should not trust their delicate
constitutions in the hands of unskilled
persons. It requires a thorough medical
education to appreciate and understand
the womanly organism. When a woman
has ills and pains that she cannot bear
— when life seems dark for every woman,
she should confide her troubles to a
physician of standing in the community,
or one who has a national reputation. • Cer-
tainly it would not be the part of wisdom
to confide in an ignorant person •without
medical education simply because she was
a woman. There is every reason why she
should write to some great specialist, one
who has made the diseases of women a
specialty for a third of a century, like Dr.
R. V. Pierce, founder of the Invalids' Hotel
and Surgical Institute, of Buffalo. N. V
All his correspondence is held sacredly con-
fidential, and he gives his advice free aa<i
without charge.
So nniformly successful has Dr. Pierce 's
Favorite Prescription proven ia all forma
of Female Weakness, Prolapses, or Falling
of Womb, and Leucorrhea, that, after curing
the worst cases of these distressing and
debilitating ailments. Dr. Pierce now feel3
fully warranted in offering to pay $>». l "
cash for any case of these diseases whicii
he cannot cure. ¦ '" " .
Dr.'Picrce's Pleasant Pellets should be
used with .¦ Favorite Prescription* when-
ever a laxative is required.WASHINGTON. Aug. 28.—Further
legal action against Thomas B. Wa.g
gamann, treasurer of the Catholic Uni
versity, against whom bankruptcy
proceedings were Instituted to prevent
his making the university a preferred
creditor, was taken to-day when a
number of citizens of Maryland filed
suits asking for the appointment of a
receiver.
The complainants allege that they at
various times placed In Waggamann's
hands certain money for Investment
and received In return notes which
caused him to become, as to each of
the complainants, a trustee, and that
he was bound to hold the notes for
the benefit of the complainants. Be
lieving that "Waggamann was Insolv
ent, the petitioners asked th© court to
remove him as trustee and to appoint
a receiver to take charge of the notes
with the title deeds and other secur
ities relating thereto.
The Columbia National Bank en
tered suit againtt T. E. "Waggamann
and J. L. Waggamann, his son, now
living In California, on a demand note
for $10,700 held by the bank, and th»
National Capitol Bank brought suit
against John L. Waggamann for J20,00«.
represented by two notes of $13,000 and
$2000.
Attorneys representing the two banks
proceeded to levy attachments on the
property of J. L. Waggamann In the
District. Marshall Palmer took pos
session of the Hotel Lincoln and other
property. Thia action Is taken under
a section of the code which allows an
attachment before Judgment In a suit
against a non-resident defendant.
Two Washington City Banks
and a Number of Mary
land Citizens File Actions
Mrs. Grey of Fresno Emn
lates Mrs. Cook in Boy
cotting 'the Attorneys
PEOPERTY IS ATTACHED
FILES HER OWN
DIVORCE SUIT
Network of Litigation In
volves Former Treasurer
of Catholic University
CREDITORS ADD
TO THE SUITS
MEMBERS OF THE SMART SET GATHERED OX THE TRACK AT DEL MONTE. WHERE A RACE MEET IS BEING HELD
BT THE AUTOMOBILE CLUB OF CALIFORNIA. AND ARTHUR C. HULL, AND T. SCHNEER IN THEIR MACHINES,
WAITING TO ENTER ONE OF THE EXCITING CONTESTS.
In spite of the fact that a rolling
stone gathers , no moss, ' lota " of people
are rolling In wealth.
Eagles have been noticed flying at a
height of 6000 feet and storks and buz
zards at 2000 feet. A lark will rise to
the same height, and so will crows. As
a rule, however, birds do not fly at a
greater he'.eht than 1000 feet.
i Captain Michael A. Healy is seriously
ill with heart trouble at his rooms in
the Occidental Hotel and but little hope
is entertained for his recovery.- Cap
tain Healy is one of the best known
navigators on the Pacific Coast and
was for many years In the revenue
cutter service. His wife and his son,
Fred, are the only persons permitted to
see him. Late last night it was re
ported that his conditon'was very low
and the end is hourly expected.
Captain Hcaly 111.
The. case of the United States Consol
idated Seeded Raisin ' Company vs.
Griflin & Skelley Company was sub
mitted to the jury yesterday afternoon
in the United States Circuit Court. The
suit was based upon an alleged viola
tion of contract for a license to use a
raisin seeding machine. This was the
second trial of the case, the jury hav
ing given a verdict for the defendant
on the first, and the verdict was re
versed by the United States Circut
Court of Appeals:
Kaisin Case to Jury.
While working on the front of a
building at 11 Sixth street yesterday
Richard Nicholson . fell from the lad
der on which he had been standing.
His body struck the concrete pavement
forty feet below and several of his
ribs were crushed. He was taken to
the Central Emergency Hospital, where
he died at 9 p. m.
Death Follows n Fall.
Ean Francisco — R. C. Brook*. E. Nicholson.
TT. Chamberlain, Mrs. R. Altmayer. Mr» D.
F. G»*er. J. A. Eyrnes, A. Mason, Mrs. G. C.
Nollert, R Reid and wife. J. A. Cre««en, Misi
C Oofcea, H. Ray and wife, W. 8ta.nton. H. B.
Htitfton, Mm. W. EL Cbmstock. R. Huber.
Loe Anr»l«a — O. M. Connell, Mrs. A. L.
Jonrtmon. Giady* Johnson. G. W. Jone«. A. A.
Irltfl. W. H. Hort. D. J. McMaster, Mrs. E.
W. Edwardi, F. B. Rogers, a. E. Ravenecroft.
Mrs. M. A. Cameron, M. Thompson. Dr. W.
M"«. A. M. Kaoler. E. Johnson. G. "niornburr,
T. Klmball. O. R. Fuller. B. Gilbert, J.
Tfcornbunr. A. lA-vlt.
Miscellaneous — J. P. Harennan, A. M<«.
Pan Bernardino; C. E. Menzel. W. C. High,
Ventura: 3. N. Bunca. Saat*. Ana; Mrs. C. T.
West. Santa Ana; Miss G. Starhaur, J. M.
Ptarbaur. B. A. Etarhatir, Fresno: TV. T.
Nichol ««<J wife. G. Brown and wlf*.
Jxsyr Beach; J- Allen. Mrs. L. Chamberlain,
M Rinehart, Oakland; J. Morrimry, B. M.
James. C. atlllekan. Santa Clara; A. W.
Yoerk G. B. Lovdal. Sacramento; E. Roth,
B Blackmail, Iilver»Jde; E. Benson, 1%'. J.
Hanat, W. H. R*e« and wife. Bakersfleld;
C W. Fancier and wife. Ban Jose; J. L. A.
Peitz TVatsonvnie: Mrs. A. G. Bradbury,
fTupTtino; M E Hopkins. Stockton; E. C.
Newklrk. Santa Monica: N. Scott. Alameda:
M L. Noe, Woodland; Mrs. C. H. White, l«ke
View- E. E. Metwer. Geyservllle; J. D. Brad
burr. Cupertino; H. Phelps, Ban Anselmo: J.
Marhoffer, Mrs. J. Marhoffer. Crescent City;
XV A. Cannedy. Winters; E. Seltz, Watson
vllle; E. M'trser, GerBerviUe; W. H. Free
land and wife, Stockton; R. M. Risk, Ocean
Park; J. I* Grune, Cclusa; E. Ehrmann, Lan-
CAfter.
ST. LOUIS. Aug. 26. — The follow
ing visitors from California have reg
istered at the California building:
Many Callforulans Visit the Exposi
tion and Register at the Golden
. State Buildinc
FAIR STILL ATTRACTIVE
TO PEOPLE FROM WEST
NEW YORK, Aug. 26.— The an
nouncement that the American Steel
and Wire Company of the United
States Steel Corporation will ship 500
carloads of wire products over the
Union Pacific Railroad at a cut freight
rate of 41*4 per cent ¦ to carry on a
war against the Colorado Fuel and
Iron Company means aggressive re
taliatory movements at other points.
George J. Gould is at the head of
the Colorado Fuel and Iron Company.
As soon as the invasion of that com
pany's territory by the United States
Steel Corporation was made possible
by the Union Pacific's cutting of
freight rates from Chicago to Colo
rado the Gould lines came to-the res
cue of the Colorado Fuel and Iron
Company by announcing that they
would make corresponding reductions
in rates from Pueblo and other Colo
rado points to Missouri River points.
The Union Pacific and other Harri
iflan lines joined in the crusade of the
United States Steel Corporation against
the Colorado Fuel and Iron Company,
because that company, being controlled
by the Gould interests, naturally gave
all its competitive business to the
Gould railroads. So far the fight i3
confined to the Jollet plant of the
American Steel and Wire Company and
the Colorado Fuel and Iron Company's
plant at Pueblo, but this fight in
volves all the railroads from Chicago
to Ogden. If the other plants of the
steel trust become involved the other
railroads will too.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Fight Between Steel Trust
and the Gould Corporation
Takes an Interesting Turn
Fourth race, for gasoline cars, 10 to
16 horsepower, both Inclusive, road
cars, no restriction as to gearing or
stripping; five miles.
In the second heat a Pope-Toledo,
operated by George ; P. , Fuller, won
from a Pope-Toledo driven by F. J.
Swentzel; time 5:30Vii. " •, .:
In the final heat the White car oper
ated' bv H. D. Ryus J won from George
P. Fuller's Pope-Toledo; time 5:25%.
The fastest mile of winner, the third,
in *:04.
GASOLINE CARS CONTEST.
Second race, five miles, for gasoline
light touring cars, road cars costing
$500 or less; in touring condition, but
without restriction as to gearing. Two
Ramblers and a Cadillac competed, the
winner being Henry Cousin's Rambler,
operated' by owner, In 8:16*4.
Third race, open for cars costing
from $2000t to $4000, both inclusive, no
restrictions as to gearing or stripping;
five miles. In the first heat a White
steamer, a Pope-Toledo* and a Pierce
Arrow competed, the winner being a
White car, operated by H. D. Ryus, in
5:51.
First race, five miles, for gasoline
runabouts and light touring cars, 10%
horsepower or less, road cars, without
restriction as to gearing or stripping.
First heat, two -Cadillacs and an Olds
mobile; won by Arthur Chull's Cadil
lac in 7:49.
. Seccnd heat, a Cadillac and two Ford
cars; won by Clarence H. Letcher in
a Cadillac in 7:34%. ' :
Final heat between a Cadillac driven
by Arthur Chull and a Cadillac oper
ated by Clarence H. Letcher; won by
Clarence H. Letcher in 7:21. Winner's
fastest mile was 1:07 4-"5.
The details of to-day's races follow:
DEL MONTE, Aug. 26.— The first day
of the race meet of the Automobile
Club of California, held on the Del
Monte track, passed off most success
fully. A large and fashionable assem
blage witnessed the events, which were
run without mishap of any kind. The
day was warm and bright and the
spectators were enthusiastic.
The first pursuit race was without
much interest, as the spectators did
not quite understand" it, but the second
one excited much closer and more in
telligent attention. The non-appearance
of Frank A. Garbutfs racing car in
the third race caused disappointment,
the clutch not working properly. This
clever operator,^ however, appeared in
the first heat for the Del Monte cup.
but was beaten after a most exciting
contest by a Pope-Toledo car. Two of
the eight races run off during the day
took place in the morning. The other
six events, several of which required
two preliminary heats and a final heat,
began at 2 o'clock in the afternoon.
The track was in fine condition and
fast time was made.
The fastest mile of the day was
made by a Pope-Toledo in the second
heat for the Del Monte cup, George
P. Fuller, owner and operator, cover
ing the distance in 1:03%. The final
heat for the Del Monte cup will take
place to-morrow morning at 10 o'clock
between a Pope-Toledo car, driven by
F. J. Swentzel, and a car of the same
make operated by George P. Fuller.
; DETAILS OF THE RACES.
HOTEL DEL MONTE, Aug. 26.— The
annual rodeo of the smart set at Del
Monte o'pened to-day with a zip. The
dispenser of weather did the right thing
and the race track looked like a seg
ment of Saratoga. If there's a mobllist
le.'t In San Francisco let him admit it —
he'll surely lose caste. Socially all the
"ins" are here, likewise those who
merely get a "look-in"; also the "outs,"
and the "outs" are paying cheerfully
for the privilege, of staring at the
"ins" and rubbing elbows with them.
Style? Yes, there are some stunning
•women here. There's Mrs. R. P.
Sehwerln, the Taylors, Miss Grace
Spreckels. Miss Ethel Hager, Miss
Pearl Landers and a few others. Hut
I have never seen such an aggregation
of fat women — and so many thin men —
for which, of course, there must be
some economic or physical reason. But
Gibson ha3 told that story with his
pencil.
To-day the dining-room doors were
announced to open at 1:30, but by 1:13
every maid and matron on the "assem
bly" invitation list was lined up at the
barricade that barred them from their
luncheon, elbov.ing her pretty way
"up close." I have seen dining-room
doors rushed before— but they were
over on the Potrero. f
When the doors finally yielded the
fair influx looked like the Rosebud set
tlement rush. Among those who are
now within sight on the hotel veranda
to-night are: Ned Greenway, round as
Billy Bounce and just as happy; R. P.
Schwerin, Andrew Carrigan, Mr. and
Mrs. G. A. Pope, Mr. and Mrs. L. P.
Lowe, Mr. and Mrs. Robert Oxnard,
John D. Spreckels, Mr. and Mrs. F.
W. McfcTear, Mr. and Mrs. Robert L.
Coleman, H. R. Simpkins, Gerald Rath
bone, Mrs. Charles Baker, Mrs. George
Andrews, Mr. and Mrs. Henry Dem
ham, Mrs. C. B. Stone, Mrs. G. L. King,
Fred W. Gregory, J. W. Griffith and
wife," Mrs. Hayworth, Mrs. Chauncey
Winslow, Mr. and Mrs. M. Fisher, C.
C. Moore and wife, E. W. Hopkins,
Sam Hopkins, Sherwood Hopkins and
wife, Mr* and Mrs. George A. Newhall.
Mr. and Mrs. Byron Jackson, Mr. and
Mrs. W. R. Sherwood, Mr. and Mrs.
A. B. Hepburn, Mr. and Mrs. Sam
Knight, Mr. and Mrs. Sam Buckbee,
Mr. and Mrs. James L. Flood, Mrs.
Eyre, Dr. and Mrs. Freeman, Dr. Mere
dith Freeman, Mr. and Mrs. Eugene
Murphy, Mr. and Mrs. L. D. Scott.
From Burlingame— John I. Sabjn and
wife, Mr. and Mrs. G. S. Berry, Mr.
and Mrs. Fred Dodd, E. J. Tobin, Mrs.
E." R. Dimond, Miss Claybrough. Dr.
and Mrs. J. N. Hall, Herbert Curtis
Brown, E. C. Anthony.
Saturday will be the star day of the
meet, with a dance at the day's end.
By Sally Sharp.
WAR INVOLVES
THE RAILROADS
Clever Operators
Win Merited
Applause.
Members of Smart
Set Turn Out
in Force.
Seventh race — Pursuit; open for cars
costing $1000 to $2550, both Inclusive;
road cars; no restrictions as to gear-
Ing or stripping: The competitors
were a White, a Thomas flyer and
three Ramblers. For several minutes
a Rambler, driven by W. E. Saunders.
and the White, 'operated by "Walter
Grothe, remained half a mile apart. At
first the White gained considerably,
but in the sixteenth mile the steam
gave out and the Rambler quickly
passed and won, in 18 minutes.
Eighth race— Free-for-all; no restric
tions as to car, gearing or stripping;
five miles; for the Del'Monte cup: The
competitors in the first heat were F. A.
Garbutt, in a Stewart : Garbutt car; F.
J. Swentzel, In a Pope-Toledo car; H.
M. Chambers, In a Pierce-Arfow, and
Selby Hewson, In a Franklin-Comet.
The Pone-Toledo beat the Stewart-
Garbutt by, several lengths. Time,
5:38%; fastest miles. in l:06Vi. The sec
ond heat was between a White steamer,
operated by H. D. Ryus, and a Pope-
Toledo, owned and operated by George
P. Fuller: The winner was the Pope-
Toledo. Time, 5:24^4 ; fastest mile,
1:03%: Final heat to-morrow at 10 a. m.
In the first heat four cars competed,
a Rarqbler owned and operated by E.
S. Logan, , dropping out in the first
mile, and a Rambler operated bv W.
K. Cowan, retiring in the last mile.
Won by a Cadillac . operated by J.
Schnerr; time 8:17^4. "'
In the second heat the competitors
were a Cadillac and a Rambler. The
Cadillac, operated, by C. H. Letcher,
won. Time, 7:30%.
In the final heat the two Cadillacs,
raced Bide by side for the whole dis
tance, the rar operated by J. Schnerr
just beating the one driven by Clar
ence H. Letcher by a length at the fin
ish. Time, 7:14%.
The fastest mile was made by a
Rambler in one. of the preliminary
heats. The fastest mile of the winning
Cadillac was ctJVered in 1:26.
Fifth race — Open event for cars cost-
Ing $1200 to $2550, both Inclusive; road
cars; no restrictions as. to gearing or
stripping; five miles: The competitors
were a White, a Thomas flyer, a Ramb
ler, operated by W. K. Cowan, and a
Rambler driven by W. E. Saunders.
The White steamer took the lead, but
lost it, the winner being F. A. Jacobs'
Rambler, operated by W. E. Saunders.
Time, 6:15%. L- P. Lowe's White, driv
en by Walter Grothe, \yas second. The
fastest mile was the winner's second,
in 1:12%.
Sixth race — Pursuit for gasoline cars
costing $1000 or less; road cars; no re
strictions as to gearing or stripping.
The competitors were Cadillacs, oper
ated by J. Schnerr, Clarence H. Letcher
and Arthur C. Hull. They were started
one-quarter of a mile apart, a- car
dropping out as soon as it was passed.
Clarence H. Letcher won, the time re
quired to calch and pass his compet
itors being 13:05.
FREE FOR ALL RACE.
Captain Hitch testified that the plans
of the mob had been so carefully laid
that not even a regiment of soldiers
could successfully have resisted them.
He told of having before participated
in riot duty and of having observed the
moral effect upon a crowd of the com
mand "load guns."
This command he had intended to
give at the proper time, but Just be
fore that time, in his opinion, was
reached, he was seized by a deputy
sheriff and thrown downstairs to the
mob, which promptly disarmed him.
The soldiers, not having any loads in
their rifles, were soon overcome and
the mob completed its murderous work
unmolested. He said he had no inti
mation of the purpose of the mob to
seize and lynch the negroes as soon as
they were convicted.
Captain Hitch and non-commissioned
officers and privates testified to the
collusion of the Sheriff and some of
the deputies with the mob. Some of
the Eoldiers swore that Sheriff Ken
drick had himself opened the door of
the guardroom and pointed out the
prisoners to the mob, which', was hard
on his' heels.
Henry Hodges and family. Militiamen
also told the court of inquiry appointed
by Governor Terrell that the Sheriff
and his deputies aided the lynchers.
The two sergeants on duty at the
cell of the negroes testified that the
Sheriff told them to turn over the pris
oners to the mob, as he had seen Cap
tain Hitch and had been instructed by
the captain to let the mob have the
men.
SAVANNAH, Ga., Aug. 25.—Depen
dence on the order "load guns" to
quell a mob rather than on the effi
ciency of bullets to accomplish the
eaxne purpose was a reason given to
day by Captain Hitch of the Georgia
National Guard for his failure to pre
vent the murder by burning at the
stake of Will Cato and Paul Reed,
negroes convicted of the murder of
Guardsman Believed Order
to Load Guns Would Quell
Riot Quicker Than Bullets
The salarv roll could be swelled to
advantage by employing some well
posted men to explain to visitors what
they are looking at in the exhibit build
ings. The savaces in the corrals are
thoroughly exploited, but there is no
one on hand in the buildings to tell
people about the woods, oils, hemp,
copra and the hundreds of other things
-displayed there; only impudent watch
men to cry curtly "'hands off" if some
child happens to tap a piece of shining
mahogany or black ebony to see how
The money used In the advertising
trip made by the Ygorrotes to Presi
dent Roosevelt would have done some
thing toward employing men to en
lighten visitors to the buildings. Pres
ident Roosevelt didn't seem overen
thused at the effort to use him either.
He evidently draws the race line some
where. It was hoped to give a dog
feast in front of the White House and
have the Tgorrotes Jump into the air
after bones, but the President waj
busy.
That the Tgorrotes are intelligent and
could learn better things is shown by
"their faces, their demeanor and the
way they scramble after coins when
they are thrown to them. They learn
fast '
This exhibit is a sight worth seeing.
It is a fair in itself. Whoever secured
the material, and Dr. Wilson probably
had^ a large share in this work, de
serves great credit. It is a comprehen
sive exposition of the resources of these
inlands wrested from Spain.
ATTENDANTS IMPUDENT.
If the Philippine board will, now that
the favages have been given a second
ary position, use some money in adver
tising the grand commercial display
made at the reservation and draw bus-
Jness men and others that will aid
the prosperity of the archipelago if in
terested in its resources, it will accom
plish much good. Few people have had
their attention called to tne wonderful
woods and other rich products dis
played in the thatched bamboo struc
tures on the reservation.
Dr. Wilson has been here through it
fill and even the protests of the St.
Louis Humane Society, acting in the
interests of decency, more than human
ity, were unheeded. Many thousands
of miles of water separated influential
end refined Filipinos who might have
made an effective objection from the
World's Fair and intimate knowledge
< f how matters were being conducted
ai their exhibit-
SOCIETY 3IAKES PROTEST.
If the Intimation that Colonel Bd
trards put a stop to the practice and
the widespread press agenting of the
fact that the United States encour
aged It among its benighted wards, he
Is late m acting. He has been here
before when megaphones were rasping
out the wonderful sight of the savage
Tgorrotes eating dogs and printed in
vitations were being issued to dog
feasts in the corral of those benighted
Iieople and he seemed satisfied and re
turned to Washington without any fear
that the dog eaters were not attracting
a fu!l share of patronage.
CALL, BUREAU. PRESS BUILD
ING. WORLD'S FAIR. ST. LOUIS.
Aug. "6.— Word haa grone forth from the
Philippine exhibit at the World's Fair
that there will be no more do* eft ting
by the Ygwrotes In the reservation. It
Is stated In this manifesto concerning
these savages that the fair has edu
cated them up to a standard where
fox terrier spare rlba are no longer
looked upon by them as respectable
food; that the visit of Colonel Clar
ence I* Edwards, chief of Insular af
fairs at Washington, on Philippine day
had something to do with the ab&ndon
raent of the nauseating: practice and
that the efforts of the St. Louis Hu
mane Society were not a factor In the
reform. Dr. W. P. Wilson, chairman
of the Philippine Exposition Board,
who Is resident head of the exhibit.
Is not credited with doing anything
toward putting a stop to a state of
affairs that was reflecting unfavorably
alike on the Government of the United
Elates, the Insular Government and the
World's Fair management.
BT PAUL EDWARDS.
WEAPONS WEEE USELESS
Exploitation of ; Disgusting
Habits of Savages in the
Filipino Tillage Barred
Georgia Militia Captain
Blames His Failure to Res
cue Z^egroes on Official
DECENCY WINS VICT0BY
Officials at the Pair Put
a Stop to the Dog-Eating
Exhibitions of Ygorrotes
SAYS SHERIFF
GAVE MOB AID
CANINE STEAKS
OFF THE MENU
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAIi; SATURDAY, AUGUST 27, 1905.
RACE MEET OF AUTOMOBILE CLUB AT DEL MONTE
ATTRACTS A LARGE AND ENTHUSIASTIC CROWD
Whenever the German Emperor un
dertakes a trip to Norway he engages
as his pilot a mariner named Nordhus.
•who receives 3000 marks for his ser
vices.
The Patriotic League, of Pern has
raised the sum of $414,000 for the pur
pose of buildlngr a man-of-war.
FRESNO, Aug. 26.— The women of
Fresno who wish to free themselves
from marriage vows seem to have en
teredinto an agreement to boycott the
lawyers' union. Encouraged by the
success of Mrs. Mary E. Cook, who ob
tained her divorce without a lawyer, a
couple of weeks ago, Mrs. Almeda M.
(Jrey has filed a suit for divorce from
J. M. Grey r who lives at Byron.
Mrs. Grey owns a grocery at 1362 F
street. As grounds f or h er suit sno a! _
leges failure to provide. She says that
whisky has ruined her home and her
husband has never looked after her as
he should.
Mrs. Grey has gone a step farther
than Mrs. Cook, who had previously ob
tained a divorce and from the same
man. All Mrs. Cook had to do was to
change the dates on her complaint.
But Mrs. Grey had to make her own
complaint. She went to a lawyer, who
told her the charge would be $50. She
borrowed a copy of a complaint from
a friend who had obtained a divorce on
the same ground she wished to allege,
and with this for a sample she to-day
riled her papers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Second Case in the Eaisin
City Where Woman Will
Personally Conduct Trial
COPIES A COMPLAINT
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FREE. FREE,
It Gives Strength to the Weak—
Maintains the Strength of
the Strong.
D. GHIRARDELLI'S
GROUND CHOCOLATE
AND
BREAKFAST COCOA.
FREE TO WANT AD
PATRONS OF THE CALL.
Those who brin«; to our office
a want ad for Sunday wUr re-
ceive free a ONE-POUND CAN.
Sec announcement on classi-
fied advertising page.
I STEAM TOURING CAR
I Makes Another Coast Record
1 , at Del Monte Yesterday.
H Tbla remarkable car, driven by H. D. Ryus, won tbe tblrd race « Del .
2i Monte yesterday, the open event for road cars costing; from two to four
g thousand dollars, defeating four 4-cyllnder gasoline cars, each costing* prao- I
£n tically twice Its price and claiming 1 double Its horsepower. 4
I 5 miles in 5:25. §
I Best mile in 1:04. |
I A new Coast record. 1
hj This was the great scratch race of the day. H
K I"iv» "White cars made tbe entire Endurance Son from Sew Tork to i
H Fittsburi? Just completed. No other ons make of car made It with mors yi
II than one raacliina. riva more White cars joined the White squadron at M
Bj Cleveland and all ten finished at St. Iiouls. The White car also made th* H
|| best showing in the arduous ron-ln-the-raln Endurance Contest last year «j
H from New Tork to Pittsburgh y
g Tbe White Is tbe best value for tbe money on tbe market, and It is thm ¦
y most prominent car wberever you may go. H
3 Blfffffflil IHilPliiil I
1 TEe 1905 White I
y 15 Horsepower, Price F. O. B. Factory $2500. <¦%
h Price for canopy top and other extras win bs quoted upon application. |
> <l &arge. roomy tonneau. Xlnr of tbe Belgians type, luxuriously npiol- >
' fl stered and appointed. A bUl-cllmblnr gear enables Increased torque of '
I N axle and speed for long, heavy grades. Hand water pumping eliminated. ;
H Wheel base, 92 Indies; tread, 56 inches; front rprlngs, 40 Inches; rear
H springs, 44 Inches; wheels, artillery; tires, rear 34x4; front, 32x3 U; fnel. '
M gasoline. Tank capacity: fuel. 15 gallons; water, 15 gallons; mileage on
H one filling of tanks, 150. Weight, 20OO pounds.
* No noise, no vibration, ideal simplicity, less machinery, lsss repairs,
B greatest comfort, best satisfaction; regardless of price tbe best Aatamo- '
Ij bile. We will appreciate an opportunity to explain in detail and prove our t .
If claims. 1905 printed matter now ready. Deliveries can be made In Sep- I
tl tember upon immediate orders. H
| WRITE OR CALL UPON H
I WHITE SEWING MACHINE CO. I
I Pacific Coast Offices, 300 Post SU * Fj
1 WHITE GARAGE, ihe Best Equipped on ihe Coast. Markjt and Franklin Sts., S. F. JDefeated Boxer Has Little
to Say About Brief Battle
. Cultivating sympathy with ourselves
never makes us tender to others, r"^'.
SAGINAW KID BEATS BURNS.
Jack Means Takes Sullivan's Measure
hi Four Rounds.
"The Saginaw Kid," private secre
tary to Jack Munroe. opened up the
night's sport with a well-earned vic-
Engineers are alarmed at the inroads
that crawfish and muskrats are making
in the levees along the Mississippi
River. The crawfish burrow into the 1 '
levy and the muskrats follow to catch
and eat them. Then the muskrats bur
row right through the bank arid make
so many holes of this kind that in time
of flood a break Is likely. to occur.
Will Hear Dr. Matthews.
The Rev. Dr. M. A. Matthews, pas
tor of the First Presbyterian Church
of Seattle, who is visiting San Fran-.
Cisco, will give an address at the mass
meeting for men at the Young Men's
Christian Association auditorium " to
morrow afternoon at 3 o'clock. Dr.
Matthews Is said to be one of the
strongest pulpit orators on the Pacific
Coast. He "will speak on a special
theme to young men to-morrow.
Boy 3Iisses His Father.
Parker Cahney, a nine-year-old lad,
was taken to the City Prison last night
and given in charge of the matron.
Cahney was found wandering along the
water front by a policeman. He said
that he came from Santa Rosa yester
day morning and was to have met his
father at the ferry. The elder Cahney
failed to put in an appearance and
the boy will be held by the police until
some -one calls for him. His father is
a horse trainer of Santa Rosa and his
mother lives in Eureka.
The complaint says the company was
organized January 5. 1902. as the
Sprague Mercantile Agency, with a
capital stock of J2.000.000. The company
some time later became known as the
International Mercantile Agency, the
complaint states, because of its hold-
Ings In Canada.
At a meeting of the board of direc
tors on January 16, 1902. the complaint
alleges, McCauley was vot»d Jl.200.000
of the common stock, "grossly in excess
of the value of the stock put in by
him."
"McCauley lent money to the com
pany ostensibly from his private funds."
the complaint says, "but In reality from
the proceeds of the stock sold by him
and represented by him to be treasury
stock."
NE"vV YORK. Aug. 26-— Assistant
District Attorney Garvln to-day began
an Investigation into certain allegations
made In the complaint of the Interna
tional Mercantile Agency in a suit in
equity just filed in the United States
Court here against Thomas H. McCau
ley, a former president of the concern.
The complaint alleges In substance
that McCauley was voted Jl.200,000 of
the capital stock of the company on
worthless assets furnished by him. and
that he converted the stock of the con
cern to his own use unlawfully.
to Recover Stock Voted to
Former President., *
FRAUD CHARGED IN SLIT
AGAINST A PROMOTES
International Mercantile Agency Snea
A trackless railway -is soon to make
its advent in Prussia. It will run over
a good roadbed, twenty feet wide, and
will obtain Its power from overhead
wires.
SIX- YEAR-OLD BOY IS RUN
OVER BY TRUCK AND KILLED
Little Stephen Barbica Attempts to
Pass in Front of Vehicle and
Loses His Life.
Little Stephen Barbica, the six-year
old son of Paul Barbica of 168 South
Park avenue, was run over and killed
by a heavy truck last night shortly
after 7 o'clock. The accident occurred
on Third street, near the corner* of
Bryant. The driver of the team, John
J. Ballinger, did not know that his
wagon had run over the child until
he was arrested at his house on Mc-
Allister street. :>:* '-k
The boy was crossing the street with
.his sister and two other children. He
ran in front of the wagon and was run
over.. Witnesses of the accident' were
astonished to see the driver continue
on his way. and say that, they do not
see how he could have failed to see
the child. Ballinger was booked at the
City Prison* on a charge, of man
slaughter and subsequently released on
ball. ....
SUCCESS OF THE TURBINA
PLEASES NAVAL ENGINEERS
Kxpcrinicntal Craft Is Regarded as
Highly Satisfactory in
Every Way.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 26.— A board of
naval engineering experts has just
completed a thorough examination of
the Turbina, one of the latest devel
opments in the use of the steam tur
bine, as applied to vessels. The results
of the inspection will be made known
in detail in a report on the subject of
turbine power which the board will pre
pare, but it may be said the perform
ance of the Turbina was regarded as
highly satisfactory in , the complete
absence of vibration and in the com
fort of the crew.
Furthermore, almost no more repairs
are necessarv to the engine, there be
ing no friction except in a few bear-
Ings. There is no pounding and thud
ding of engines— nothing but a soft
rush of steam through the pipes so that
noise is suppressed— a valuable consid
eration in naval combats. The engine
room force is largely reduced. Addi
tional coal carrying capacity is gained
by the reduction of weight of the en
gines and the center of gravity is low
ered through the motors being placed
just above the keel. . » "
Now that a.* practical reversing de
vice has been found and Installed in
this boat the naval engineers are pre
pared to press forward the completion
of their plans for the installation of
turbines on the new warships.
tory over Louis Burns. The boys went
four rounds, and the bout abounded in
a lot of willingness, even though the
real science of the game was lacking.
Saglnaw was game, and that was what
got him the purse. He started off like
a quarter horse in the first round, but
fared rather badly for two rounds. He
finally began to wear his man down,
and floored him several times in the
last two rounds, winning the fight by
an ample margin.
Jack Means and Billy Sullivan, two
130-poundfere, mixed it in the second
preliminary. Means showed great form
in the close places and was cool and
collected throughout. He was a little
to the bad in the game of lead, and
it was here that Sullivan had the better
of the go and also had his man in dan
ger a couple of times.
Means did his best work In the first
two rounds. Every time Sullivan came
at him he sent in "rights and lefts in
quick succession and had Sullivan
wabbly on several occasions. The last
round was about even up, but as Sul
livan had done all the effective work
Referee Frank Corillo gave him the
decision.
Following is the report of the fight
by rounds:
Round 1 — Both advanced slowly to
the center and indulged in light spar
ring. Munroe was the first to lead,
this with" a left that was short. Jeff
ries danced around his opponent, drew
him into a clinch and missed a right
for the body. Munroe. In a clinch,
missed a right for the body. Jeffries
was chewing gum and smiling. Jeff
ries sent Munroe to the floor with a
left hook to the jaw. Munroe was up
quickly, but the champion drove a
straight right to the head and followed
it with a left swing to the stomach.
Jeffries followed his advantage, driv
ing Munroe to the ropes with right
and left to the body. A well directed
left to the jaw sent Munroe to the floor
for eight seconds. He arose, but again
was floored with a similar blow. Jeff
ries started a vicious right for the Jaw,
but the bell rang and the champion
stayed its progress. Munroe did not
land a blow and looked nearly out as
his seconds shoved him to his corner.
• Round 2 — They went to a clinch.
Munroe received a left swing to the
mouth that made him spit blood. He
bored in, but Jeffries was unrelenting,
smashing him all over the body with
left and right.- He floored the miner.
Blood flowed from Munroe's face and
mouth. Another terrific right to the
face rendered the miner helpless. He
sank slowly to the floor and attempted
to rise. Jeffries was waiting for him,
but before the champion could land on
his helpless victim Rereree Graney
grabbed him and declared Jeffries the
winner.
BETTORS FAVOR JEFFRIES.
Make Him a Strong Choice Through
out All the Wagering.
Jeffries ruled a strong favorite from
first to last in the wagering on the
fight. The first tickets -written showed
Jeffries a 3Va to 10 choice.
This was the prevailing price tip to
yesterday, when the pressure of Jef
fries money sent the price down to
3 to 10. Jeffries' admirers were all In
the heavy-weight class, sending In
their checks for thousands.
To offset this flood of money the
men who figured Munroe to have a
chance sent in their commissions In
fives and tens and It was slow work to
absorb the Jeffries money.
The liveliest betting wu on tlia
probable number of rounds tha con
test would last. Jeffries' adherents
were confident he would win insJda of
ten rounds and freely offered erea
money on the proposition.
This price appealed to the Monro*
followers and they took up a lot of
money. The total sum for which
tickets were written was reminiscent
of the palmy days when every *n^n
had at least a small bet down on bis
favorite fighter.
McCoy Believes
Butte Miner Was
Fairly Subdued
"No. 1 ha\e no excuses (o of
fer," said Kid McCoy after the
battle. "Muni-oe might hate
made a better showing had he
gone after the champion in the
first round. As it. was, that first
punch in the stomach started
him going. We tried to revive
him at the end of the round,
but it was useless. I did not
throw up the sponge, for I
thought • Munroe might still
make a stand. If he had suc
ceeded In hitting the big fellow
a few tunes he surely would
have showed the public that he
is capable of lighting. Munroe
Is not injured to any extent, for
he wi:s in splendid physical con
dition."
Jeffries Punches
His Opponent
at Will.
"This may be Jeff's last nglu."
said Billy Delaney. "He has
met and beaten them all, and
now I do not see whom they
can bring to the front. As far
as I- am concerned, I would like
him to retire on his laurels. If
lie has to wait for a couple of
years he may not be in such
good form. About the fight?
Well, I was disappointed. Mun
roe was hopelessly outclassed. I
knew that when I saw him
make the first pass. I know,
that Jeff hit harder to-night
than he ever did before in his
life and Munroe received some
punches tliat were something
terrible. No. we have no plans
for the future."
"Jeff May Retire
From Prize Ring,"
Says His Trainer
s f I STOPPED the fight because I feared Munroe might be killed:' He is too game a man to be injured
I .for life, nnd 1 am sure all fair minded persons will agree that I acted humanely. I appealed to Mc
¦ Coy to throw up the sponge, but he motioned a refusal' When Munroe arose in the second round I
knew he was helpless and I prevented a ring fatality; Jeffries Is bigger, faster and better than ever.
He improves in each fight. Nature lias been kind to the champion. He is too strong and hits too hard
for nny man. Jeffries landed the first punch and it vrtis a lucky one. After it landed Munroe was at sea
and was at the mercy of Jeffries. Jeffries had an easy victory because lie was up against a man who was
too slow anil ungainly. Munroe should not take his defeat to heart, as he was beaten by a champion of
champions." — Eddie M. Graney, referee, In an interview.
Referee Graney Says He Prevented a Ring Tragedy.
THE CHAMPION OF CHAMPIONS AND MOST FORMIDABLE FICSHTKR IN HISTORY OF RING.
It was a gala night at the Pavilion.
The great structure was filled with an
excited crowd that came to see Cham
pion James J. Jeffries do battle with
Jack Munroe. aspirant for heavy
weight honors. The crowd was expect
ant and anticipated a hot battle, but
it was sadly disappointed. The throng
departed with jeers for the vanquished
and praise for the boilermaker.
Many had traveled thousands of
miles to see a "championship battle,"
and ihe visitors will return to their
homes and tell what a "dub" Munroe
is and of his consummate nerve in
even fancying he aad a chance to wrest
the championship from the mighty
Jeffries.
It was a banner attendance, and
when the "gate receipts had been
counted it was noted that $21,500 had
been paid in by people anxious to see
the men perform. Of this sum the
fighters received CO per cent, amounting
to $13.0S0. Jeffries then gathered $7813
and Munroe accepted $5222 for his
beating. The Yosemite Athletic Club's
share was $8100.
Captain Mooney and Lieutenant
K°lly handled the spectators in good
fashion. There was little crowdins and
no one was injured. The ticket-holders
got their seats without lighting for
them, and this reflected great credit on
th^ club and management.
As car)y,as 3 o'clock there was a long
line of men and boys camped along
the Grove-street side of the Pavilion.
They waited patiently until the doors
were thrown open. Each hour brought
more waiters, and by 6:30 p. m. the club
was assured of a big attendance in the
gallery. A line of rese. ved-seat holders
gathered in front of Mechanics' Pavil
ion, awaiting the opening of the main
entrance. Promptly at 7:30 p. m. the
ticket holders w ere allowed to enter,
Sling down two passage-ways without
crowding. The crowd was slow to ar
rive, but by the time the main event
was announced the structure was
crowded with spectators. The Pavilion
presented a gala appearance, due to
decorations being placed in the rafters
for the foi incoming visit of the
Knights Templar. •
One lone woman braved the eyes of
fightgoers and sat in the gallery with
htr escort. She took as deep an inter
est in th» goes as any one present, and
her voice joined the mighty shouts
that greeted Jeffries on achieving his
easy victory.
PROMINENT MEN THERE.
Seated close to the ring were men
prominent in professional and business
life. Lawyers and doctors brushed
elbows with men who toil with their
hand?. Flasks of "inspiration" were
passed around in good fellowship. The
curling smoke from cigars mingled
with the "coffin-nail" puffed by the
youths in the gallery. While waiting
for Ihe "event of the evening" to come
off. the viritor from the country ex
changed views with his city friend. In
troductions were unnecessary and un
sought.
There was considerable betting at
the ringside, but these bets were made
on the theory that Jeffries would or
would not win In less than ten round3.
Lieutenant Kelly of the Police De
partment sat c!cse to the ring, await
ing developments. He also practiced
peering beneath the new military head
gear that has been introduced in police
circles. The peak of the cap had Kelly
blinded, but he did not fail to see that
Jeffries was hammering Munroe (to
pieces and had not Referee Graney
interfered would have . flopped the
unequal fight. Beside the officer sat
William P. Harlowe, formerly a lawyer
of Sacramento, but who is now a r.il
lionaire mine owner of Mexico. Mr.
Harlowe Journeyed from New York to
see the championship fight and does
not think he was repaid for the Ions
trip.
HORSES AND CARTS THERE.
The "Horses and Carts" and the
"Morgue Club" forgot all about De
mocracy In their eagerness to ,see the
"mill." The.McN'ab men were of the
opinion that the fight was just as easy
as the one they had "on the opening
night of the late municipal convention.
Here and there among the spectators
could be seen statesmen who had
twelve hours before made the walls of
the convention hall at Santa Cruz echo
with their eloquence.
Charles M. Shortridge forgot all
about his defeat for the Congressional
nomination. Senator Eddie Wolfe for
got his coming fight, but when it was
all over he turned to a friend and said,
"I hope I win my district as easy as
Jeff won to-night."
Senator Savage of Los Angeles
rubbed his glasses and watched the
gladiators intently. Judge Fritz could
not keep quiet during the mill. He
feinted and ducked with every blow
and whenever he saw an opening he
let fly with his elbow and his ste
nographer suffered. "Dick" Adams and
"Cute" Eddie Hanlon were close to the
ring to give Jeff confidence and other
things. "Sandy" Griswold came all the
way from Omaha to see the contest and
was rewarded by Billy Delar.ey, who
allowed him to hold the "bottle." Mike
Sheehan gazed at Munroe and won
dered if his porterhouse steaks had
given Jack sufficient strength to stand
off the boiler-maker.
SPECTATORS AMBITIOUS.
George Knight gazed at the big
crowd and wished that he could enter
the ring and make * rousing speech
for Roosevelt. Mose Gunst was also
among those present. Dr. D. F. Ragan.
Health Officer, thought the Pavilion
was in need of disinfection by reason
of the bad cigars that were being
puffed around him. Dr. Drucker sat
on a cane-bottomed chair and thought
it was as easy as pulling teeth.. Joe
Gottlob. Johnny Morrisey and other
well-known theatrical managers were
in the throng and sized up the house.
Colonel Kirkpatrick sat on the side ani
voiced the opinion that "Jeffries was a
cinch." Gus Messinger was on the point
of taking out a policy en Munroe's life,
but Bob Mitchell of ostrich fame ad
vised Gus not to do so, as Jeffries
was likely to kill Munroe. After the
fight Messinger thanked Mitchell for
the timely advice. Judge Hebbard for
got judicial matters and was ready to
render a decision in favor of Jeffrie3
at the end of the first round.
All the old faces so often seen at
pugilistic encounters were noted around
the ring. It was a typical fight crowd
and easily managed. There was no
disorder and everything passed off in
Sunday school fashion. The unequal
contest was over at 20 o'clock and the
disappointed devotees of the fistic game
slowly wended their way out of the
Pavilion and homeward. Many blame
Jeffries for not knocking Munroe out
in Butte, Mont., and thus saving them
from being enticed to the arena.
Should Munroe ever fight again a
corporal's guard would not turn out to
see him. The question that remains to
be answered is. "Who Is capable of
giving Jeffries a warming up?"
Jarnes J. Jeffries, the Goliath of the
prizenng and the undisputed cham
pion of all champions, disposed of Jack
Mur.roo'? pretensions last night in Me
chanics' Pavilion with ridiculous ease.
The end came with swift and terrible
action, after forty-five seconds of
tightinc in the fetcond round.
Munr'ie had b?*n knocked down re
jeatcily. and ts-n seconds had been
tolled o2 by Timekeeper George Hart
ing, which meant the end of the fi^ht.
Neither the boxers nor Refere? Graney
heart! this in the tumult about ihe
xing. Munroe was helpless, and the
referee appealed to his seconds to toss
a sponge into the ring, signaling de
fee V. Jutt then Jeffries drew back his
:ight hand to land the decisive blow.
Keferee Graney anticipated his action
iind. stepping between the rival boxers,
t-t'jpped the proceedings.
Had Jeffries landed on Munroe in
the lattcr'-j helpless condition it is
possible an-jthci tragedy would have
been recorded. Up to this time Jeffries'
blows had a!i been of the short, jolty
order an-1 they punished Munroe ter
ribly. What would have happened had
Jewries put a'-l the force of his power
ful muscles behind a blow is easy jo
conjecture. The recipient would not
have been able to discuss subsequent
events.
Munroe was a defeated man when he
stepped tato the ring. He had lost all
the- boyish buoyancy • which he -dis
played during the months he has been
ia training here and looked white and
hasrgard. lie peered furtively at Jef
fries, who was partly screened from
his view by the seconds in the rin?.
V.'hat he taw did not relieve his anx
iety.
JEFFRIES' GRAND FORM.
Jeffries wag the most perfect type of
fighter that ever stepped into the ring.
He seemed unusually amiable, fairly
beaming on the men whom he recog
nized at the ringside. He weighed 2'la
pounds, the most of which seemed
taken up by his immense sloping
shoulders and arms. From the waist
down ne had the weij-turned muscu
lar legs of a sprinter, stout enough to
carry him any distance, but with no
unnecessary bulk. His naturally dirk
ekin « af tanned to a deep mahogany.
After the fight Jeffries said he never
felt in all hie ring career such confi
dence in his punching ability. He was
just warming up to his work when pro
ceedings were stopped.
Munroe presented an entirely differ
ent type of athlete to Jeffries. While
he weighed but ten pounds less a casual
glance would lead one to think there
wee a -iifference of fully fifty pounds.
While the bulk of Jeffries' weight was
above the waist and all fighting mate
rial, that of Munroe seemed below the
waipt and in the legs.
Whether from stage fright or timid
ity Monroe did not strike one effective
bljW --2vrV?S the Ehort and one-sided
battle. TV. th* spectators the blow
which took all the fight out of him
v.a? a Jeft upp^rcut to the body, much
tfc* same blow which took all the light
out of Ruhlin. In discussing the affair
in hie dressing-room Jeffries eaid it
was a left to the Jaw which started
Muorot on the downward path.
When the ?ong sent the two men to
gether Jeffries went right after his
man. He crouched but slightly, keep
ins his left we!! out. After a couple of
feints h* landed a left to the head,
which shook up Munroe. He followed
this with a hard uppercut and then
c<=nt a right to- the body. Munroe
6*em*4 to fchrink In th° size of a middle
weight. Jeffries was smiling as if sur
prised at the easy game Munroe was
proving for him. Jeffries sent a short
left hook to the ear and Munroe
dropped to his knees. He was up in a
few seconds, only to get a left to the
body. Jeffries then crossed his right
ow t.^ the head, staggering Munroe.
He followed this with a left uppercut
to the body and then sent left to the
head and body like a flash. Another
right ard left staggered Munroe. Jef
fries outfelnted him easily and sent
him down at-ain with a left and right
to the brxiy. Munro» stood up and
Jeffries was about to lead again, when
the b*'I sounded the end of the round.
Munro* staggered toward his corner
and wh*n he eat down spectators could
te»: his fare -*as terribly puffed wher
ever Jeffries' gloves had come In con
tact with him. His left eye was nearly
clos^'t and the other was badly black
«,ea.
M UXROE A TIRED BOXER.
Murroe came up for the second round
a tir— d boxer. Jeftries went at him at
once, sending a left to the body ami
then a I*>ft to, the head twice without
a return. His loft was working HUo a
piston rod on Munroe's jaw and the
unfortunate man from Butf» could ;v>t
defend himself/ Jeffries landed a<?-.=r
rateiy on head ami body and Munroe
finally went .fWv n from left to the jaw.
The house was in a lumult whlie Time
ktej^r Baiting was filling off the fate
ful un «M?conds. Neither,, the fighi^rK
nor Referee Graney knew that the tlmu
«at up. and Jeffries was preparing to
deliv-r a decisive blow, when the
referee stepped between the men and
motioned to Jeffries that he was the
winner. Referee Graney saw the help
less condition of Munroe and had asked
his seconds: to toss up the sponge. As
they were slow about this he humanely
stopped the unequal contest. Munroe
?tagg<:red to his coiner, bleeding pro
fuseiy from a number of cuts about the
face.
Jeltiies hits with so much ease that
the spectators never appreciate the ter
rible force he puts into his blows.
• Immediately after the '.ontest Munroe
commenced spitting blood, indicating
that he had been hurt internally.
It was it: 17 o'clock when a shout went
up from th<> spectators in the gallery
announcing the approach of the glad*
iatcrs. Munrce was the first to be seen
forcing his way through the crowd. He
wore a big overcoat over his fighting
ri§; and as he forced his way toward
the ring his pallor was noticeable. Ht
was followed by "Kid McCoy." who
looked mere like a sallow faced col
legian than a premier exponent of
fifcticuffs; Tim McGrath. short and
chunky, with the latest in gauze shirts;
Frank McDonald and "Twin" Sullivan,
who were to act as towel swingers
and water carriers. Right after Mun
roe came Jeffries, stripped for action
and looking unusually formidable. The
champion was chewing gum and his
ciaik face was wreathed in smiles.
FIGHTERS ARE INTRODUCED.
Jeff wore his old-time black trunks
and around his waist was the Amer
ican flag belt that had seen service in
ail his battlts. Munroe wore, green
tights and an elastic band of blue o£
unusual width. His belt consisted of
a red, white and blue ribbon. Munroe's
hands were incased in bandages and
looked bulky. Jeffries had no bandages
on hi.s hands, as he has confidence in
his ability to hit hard and in the
proper fashion. Jeff stood up while
Munroe sat and gazed in open-eyed
wonder at his massive opponent. Mc-
Coy came over and shook hands with
the champion. Dcianey and Brother
Jack and then retired to look after the
miner.
Munroe was first to be introduced
by Billy Jordan, whose splendid voice
was unheard amid the tumult and the
shouting of the Immense crowd. He
announced him as "the miners' pride.
Of Butte, Montana." Jeffries was the
next to be presented, and again the
announcement was drowned by the
cheers and comments. Jordan yelled
that Jeffries was "the only champion
of the world." Eddie Graney, the "hon
est horse-shoer," was too modest to be
introduced. He moved around the ring
86 if in a ballroom. He was attired
in an immaculate Tuxedo. "Kid" Mc-
Coy was introduced as "the Beau
Brummel of the prize ring, who was
open to fight any man in the world,
save Jeffries."
Jeffries showed Eome Interest in hia
opponent while waiting for the cam
era men to fix their machines. He said
to Delaney: "Take a look at his
hands," and the trainer replied: "I
did; they're all right." Jeffries went
to Munroe's corner and examined the
bandages.
JEFFRIES INSPECTS GLOVES.
Jeff made a close inspection of the
gloves that were handed to him. as
he did not care to have them break, as
one did when he fought Corbett. He
then got up and tried the floor of the
ring and Munroe's eyes opened wider.
Jeff then toid Jimmy Brltt to go over
and look at Munroe put on the gloves.
Jarnes Edward tripped across the can
vas and "rubbered." Manager Harry
Pollok performed the same office for
Munroe. He watched Delaney and
Brother Jack as they put the gloves
on the champion.
A small fight among the spectators
for possession of a* chair interested the
fighters for half a' minute. When Jeff
and Munroe stood up to be photo
graphed Munroe kept his eyes away
from Jeff. The champion grasped the
miner by the hand and posed. Trie
ring was cleared and the referee called
the men for final instructions.
Billy Jordan then announced that
thp men had agreed to fight straight
Marquis of Queer.sberry rules and pro
tect themselves In the clinches. With
the final and familiar cry, "Let 'cr
go." the bell clanged and the short fight
was on.
) As there are no more men" for Jef
fries to meet, he seems destined to fill
the place of strong man In the circus.
In the' condition he showed last night
he could defeat a whole ring full of
aspirants for the championship. Jack
Johnson had announced his intention of
challenging the winner, but one glance
at Jeffries caused him to change his
mind. He maintained a discreet si
lence.
Thousands Throng Pavilion
to See Gladiators
Do Battle.
Referee Graney Prevents Pos
sible Tragedy by Stop
ping Fight.
"That First Punch Settled
Munroe," Says the Champion
CC\ ft ¥ O.L. fellow?. I didn't rvrn jret wormed up." said Jeffries
t F\§ 2<t n< * '*'* gem from one *-ide of his month to the
vjf \S ether. "I felt j«*t '«Be fighting to-night, but he did not
* " £ive me a chance; Now the pr op!e enn jud~e for them
selves a* lo'what be did at Butte. That fir>t punch on the *puss*
did the nick. 1 caught him a nice little hook in the first round and
after' that lie was in. I have nothing to ray against Munroe. but I
thin!; hi* handlers irratcd me unfairly when they spread all those
btorics about me. But %ve will let all that so now. The people saw
what I can do ami now I hop*- t!:cy will be satisfied. 1 went into
the ring with the intention of getting hinj as quick r.s I could and
1 think I satisfied myself. Win I hit him that first clout 1 knew
he wrs mine s;ntl I simply saileJ in and Iam!ed wliercver I could.
I di'l not play for any particular plncc. but <Iid the best I could.
When 1 fodgut Corbctt a:id I-'iu 1 stalled for R few rounds, but not
to-nipht- I felt just like poncllinsjuid 1 think I Ian-led a few that
rocnted. 1 weighed jast 220 posiids vrhfn I entered the ring;, the
nine wriaht at which I fought Rti and CorbcttJ Now if they can
brins another one to the front, 1 am willing to give him a trial."
CHAMPION JAMES J. JEFFRIES, THE GOLIATH OF THE PRIZE RING,
TOYS WITH JACK MUNROE, WINNING CLEVERLY IN THE SECOND ROUND
-THE SAN -FRANCISCO.- CALL. SATURDAY, AUGUST 27, 190*.
,m flj UXROE had little to say. lie realized that the great chara
l\ i\ 1>ion uas hls mastcr and that he was beaten fairly and
| \a § squarely by :i better man.
I W B »Yes. that first one fixed me,** said Munroe. "I might
have done better had I got right «n and carried the tight to hJm.
I did not know that I had been counted out. but I guess I was.
I was in the best of condition and hare no complaint to offer on
that -core. I did my best and lost. I am sorry if my friends bet
any money on me. I thought I could win. but 1 guess I underrated
Jeffries. He is a great fighter and can beat any of them. I did not
want my seconds to throw up the sponge. I am never out till they
have counted off ten seconds on me. I have no plans for the future,
but I may fight again. 1 thought I could la*t for ten rounds any
way, and I might have done so had I gone right in."
Munroe has a badly blackened eye and was spitting blood after
he left the ring. He appeared rather nervous and seemed to take
his defeat keenly. After dressing he Immediately left the pavilion
and was driven out to the Beach Tavern, where he spent the night
with his trainers. As he left the building the miner pugilist was
heartily cheered by a large gathering of his admirers.
4i Sixth race, one mile, selling— J. V. Klrby
won. Chickadee second, Goldflnder third Time
1:42U. •¦ • . -¦ - --.,.. - , . . . , •
Fourth race, flye and a half furlongs, sell
ing—Tom Klngsley won. Juan Belardo second
Lady Rice third. Time. 1:OSH-
Fifth raee. six furlongs, selling— My Surprise
won. Lady Kent second. Profitable third. Time.
1:11%. ~ '
Third race. Jive and a half furlongs, selling
Young Pepper, won, Harka second Rlceful
third. Time. 1:09.. .
Second race, four and a half furlongs sell-
Ing — Swift Queen won. Melar second Brook
dale third." Time. :3«*i. ' .
PORTLAND. Aug. 26.— The results
to-day at Irvington were as follows:
First race, seven furlongs, selling— Badly
Used (10 to 1). won: Our Choice * second Mon
toya third. . Time. 1:20.
Results at Irvington.
SAN DIEGO, Aug. 26.— The fight to
night between Billy Snailham of San
Francisco and Solly Smith of Los An
geles ended in the third round. Smith
being knocked out by a right swing to
the solar plexus. Snailham was the
aggressor throughout.
Snallham Knocks Out Smith.
Henry Cory and Louis Levy, the
Olympic Club crack handball players,
will play a match game with Joe Con
don and Tom Leach at the Occidental
Handball Club to-morrow morning at
11 o'clock. Members of both clubs will
be present to see the contest. This 13
one of a series of games being played
for club honors.
Handball Contest.
BERKELEY. Aug. 28. — Professor
George C. Edwards announced to-night
that Ernest V. Cowell of San Jose, an
alumnus of the class' of 1S30. had of
fered to loan $3000 to the Associated
Student?, without Interest, to be used
toward the expense of constructing the
new football field and bleachers on the
Hillegass tract. Cowell had heard
that the student body purposed to ne
gotiate a loan from a bank and he
tendered the money that the interest
charges might be saved.
Mates Loan for Football Field.
FORT, RILEY, Kans., Aug. 26.— The
firing in the national individual rifle
match at the national range at Fort
Riley was finished this afternoon with
the completion of two skirmish runs
by each competitor. In addition to
the skirmish runs the 500-yard score
in rapid fire, left over from yesterday's
programme, was shot off. In the two
days' work the possible score was 500.
Following are the four competitors
making the highest scores, together
with scores and medals and cash prizes
to be presented to them to-morrow:
First Sergeant George Sayer. Fifteenth Unit
ed States Infantry, score 462; gold medal and
$ea.
Sergeant H. Baptist. Marine Corps, score 461
gold medal and ?C2.
Captain Thcmaji Q. Donaldson. Eighth Cav
alry, score 42.$: gold medal and $35.
First Lieutenant K. V. Casey, Seventy-first
New York National Guard, ecort 457; »old
xnedal aad $40.
Sergeant Scores 462 Out of Possible
500 In Content at Fort
RHey.
INFANTRYMAN" CARRIES
OFF HONORS OF SHOOT
The motorcyclists of this city will
hold a big reliability run to-morrow
over a hundred-mile course between
this city and Oakland by way of San
Jose. The start will be effected at
7:30 a. m. from McAllister and Lar
kin streets. Entries will be received
up to the time of starting. The total
distance must be covered at an aver
age speed of eighteen miles per hour!
The highest 1 speed allowed will be
twenty miles per hour and the lowest
ten. The latter is the speed allowed
through this city. ,
.Motorists in Reliability Contest.
ously disappointed and mourned aloud.
The procession was thusly: Byrnes
hit safe to left. Buchanan sacrificed
him to second and Moskiman walked.
Ganley bunted and by the time the
ball reached first Byrnes was already
past third. Moskiman came in on a
wild pitch, with Ganley still at third
and the grandstand on a stampede.
Then Steelman threw wild to Beck.
Ganley tallied and the main slaughter
for the day was over. The score:
Portland— • Oakland—
AB.R. H. P.A.! AB.R. H. P.A.
Cmi>b!.2b 4 115 « Mikmn.s 2 I 0 2 4
HrW.lb 4 0 2 9 O Frnrks.« 10 10 0
Drenn cf 3 » O 3 O Ganly.rf 4 1 O 2 O
IVck.-ib. 4 0 12 n . Dnlvy.ir. 4 12 3 0
Castro.rf 4 O O 0 © «chfly,2b .1 1 1 4 0
F^ycid.s 4 0 0 12 Krugr.cf 4 0 2 3 0
NdcoB.lt. 4 0 2 0 OFtrelb.lb 4 0 19 0
Ft«^lran.c 4 0 17 2 D*vrx.3h 4 O 0 0 3
Iberg.p. . 2 0 0O .1 Byrne*. c 4 1-1 4 1
•Thielmn 1 0 >) 0 O B».hnan,p 2 O 0 0 1
Total* 34 1 7 27 13| Totals 32 ~5 ~8 27* ~9
RCNS AND HfTS BY INNINGS.
Pcrtlaad 10 0 0 0 0 0 0 0^ 1
Base hits 21100101 1 7
Oakland r. 0 0 .1 0 O O o 2 0 5
Base hiti 1120O202 0 8
SUMMARY.
Earned run — P6rt!and. Stolen bases — Schlaf
i«y and >»adeau. Bases on balls — Off Iberg. 2.
Struck rut — By Iberg. «; by Buchanan. 2. Two
base hit* — Kruger. Dunleary cr>. L*eft en
brfwa — I'ort!an<l I". Oakland C. Hit by pitched
hall— By Ibfere. 1. Wild, pitch— Iberg. .Sacri
fice hits — Orennan. Ganler. Buchanan. Errors
— Moskimnn. Lnjnleavy. Schlaflry. Dcvercaux.
Hurley <2>. Drcnnan. Beck. Raymond. Sulei
man. Time of g*m«— One hour and fifty-five
minutes. UBpirt — McCarthy.
At. Oak Park the tourist was met by
John Farson, president of the local au
tomobile society, and a party of news
paper men. The procession was aug
mented at Garfield Park by several
machines, which escorted Whitman to
the Chicago Automobile Club, where
luncheon was had. Whitman resumed
his journey eastward this evening.
CHICAGO. Au?. 26.— L. L. Whitman,
who it making a transcontinental trip
from San Francisco to New York City
in an automobile, arrived in Chicago
this afternoon, fifteen days ahead of
record time. He left the Golden Gate
cfty on August 1. ,,-..:
Fast Journey by Automoblllst Travel-
Ing From San Francisco to
Xew ITork.
WHITMAN* REACHES CHICAGO
AHEAD OF RECORD TIME
SIIEEPSnEAD BAY SELECTION'S.
By: Mew York Morning Telegraph.
First race — Vox Hunter. The Rag
ged Cavalier, Flying Virginian.
Second race — Teacress, Workman,
Bill Bailer II.
Third race — Reliable. Alan-a-Dale,
Collector Jessi??.
Fourth race — Duryea entry, Syson
by, Hot Shot.
Fifth race— Gunfire, Ormonde's
Right, Dimple.
Sixth race— Fiammula, Sheriff Bell,
Leader. : -; T V : I^S-^
Condition of .the track — Fast.
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles, on turf
— Cloverlar.d 111. Proceeds 107. Leader 106 El
!iott 110. Fiammula 10O. Sheriff Bell 100 Sil
ver Days 10O. Calcutta 9S, Passhcok 9S 'jane
Holly 99, "Witchcraft 9«, Cottage Maid Ofi «Jar
nish 94. Brooklyntte 94, Orly II 92, Flexion 91
Fifth rac!*; one mile — Iliyria 12& Orly II 123
Gunfire 121. Incubator 111, High Chancellor
111. Talm Bearer 113, Pentaur 10»i. Gold -Saint
10ft. Dekaber 106. Ormonde's Right 106. Dimple
100. (Orly and High Chancellor. Drake's en
try.) :*-;; ¦..--'.
Second race. Futurity conrse five and a hair
furlongs, two-year-olds, selling— Oliver Crom
well 117. Bill Bailey 110. Tramoter 107. Con
fessor 107, Workman 107. Jerry C 105 Giipin
103. Istria 104. Young Hyson 102, Blue Coat
102. Black Prince 102. Metropole 102 Fra Filipo
102, Khorasan 102. Thirty- third ICO. Maxey
More f>9. My Buela. 5H>. Uncle Charley !>" Es
terre 94. Rose Mary Kane 94. Teacress 105.
Third race, six furlongs, handicap ninin
track — Reliable 133, Alan-a-Dale l"t Protwr
122. Hamburg B«11<j 120. Firing Ship 120 Col
lector Jessup 115, Ingcld lli). Grey Frlir 110.
Ancestor 105 Lady Uncas 107, Ada 1C0*
Dick Bernard 1C0, Adics SS. " "
Fourth race, the Futurity, stx furlong*. ?53.-
NEW TORK. Aujr. 26. — To-morroWs entries-
First rase, steeplechase, short course — Fox
Hunt*r 16*5. Zlnziber lffil. Flying Virginian 13j
Th« Rasrgr^d Cavalier 152, Delivery 132 \mur
14S, Eophone 144. Ten Candles H7, Bonfire 137.
Knight of Harlem i:J2. (Zinziber and Firing
Virginian. Chamblett entry; Delivery and Eo
phone. Cotton entry.)
ENTRIES AT SHEEPSHEAD BAY.
First race — Lady VashtL Joe Goss,
Atlas.
Second race — Picture Hat, De
Grammont, Tim Hurst.
Third race — Mafalda. J. W. O'Neill.
Evening Star.
Fourth race — Lorctta 31, Bennett's
Best. Woodlands.
Fifth race — Bas d'Or, Taby Tosa,
Just So.
Sixth race — BINsful. King's Court,
Pierce J.
£ Seventh race — Murmur, Miss Eon,
Flora Bright.
Condition of the track — Fast.
ST. LOUIS SELECTION'S.
At the annual meeting of the Vam
pire Association Football Club the fol
lowing officers were elected for the
coming twelve months: President, W.
Knowles: vice presidents, E. G. Slo
man and Harold B. Richardson: sec
retary and treasurer, Vincent Holland;
captain, Fred R. Harwood; vice cap
tain, D. M. Lees; delegates to the Cal
ifornia Association Football Union. A.
W. Wilding and E. M. Petersen; dele
gates to the California Association
Football League, E. D. Campsie and
A. A. Glarner; members of the exec
utive committee, W. Rolfe, A. A. Glar
ner, A. W. Wilding. President W.
Knowles and Captain F. R. Harwood;
members of selection committee. E.
M. Petersen and R. Airth; members
of the ground committee, J. D. Rob
ertson, E. M. Petersen and A. W.
Wilding: members of the property
committee, G. B. Erskine and E. D.
Camsie.
Footballers Elect Officers.
Keen interest is being shown by
athletes in the coming field day 06 the
St. Patrick's day convention, which is
to be held on Admission day at the
Presidio grounds'.
The committee In charge has ar
ranged a complete programme. The
relay race for a silver trophy will be
contested for by v teams from the dif
ferent colleges on the Pacific Coast.
Running, broad^ standing and high
jumps, mile race. 100-yard dash, 400
yard dash and putting various
weights, hammers and shots are fea
tures that are causing athletes to get
in the best possible trim to compete
for. The grand finale will be a contest
In hurling between two local teams of
the Gaelic Association, the Emmets
vs. the Independents, for a handsome
sfiver trophy. A mass-meeting of the
United Irish Societies will be held Au
gust 21 at Loyola Hall, when the
prizes will be distributed to the win
ners.
Programme Arranged by St. Patrick's
Day Convention Will Prove Un
nsaally Interesting.
ATHLETES ARE IN" FORM
for tiif: big field day
SEATTLE, Aug. 26. — With three
men on bases in the third inning to
day, Blankenship got a home run to
deep center. In this inning Seattle
piled up seven hits and nine runs.
Van Haltren and Frisk each got two
hits.
¦Walter Hall -was in the box for the
Loo Loos, but his former effectiveness
deserted him and he was easy
throughout the erame. Seattle gather
ing in sixteen hits, includir.gr two two
baggers and a trinJe.
Jud Smith and Tornan played sen
sational ball. Seattle's fielding -was
rot astonishingly brilliant, but it was
steady and free from errors.
Shields pitched a fine game and
fielded his position after the order of
Jay Hushes. The score:
Seattle — : Lo« Accele*—
A3. R. H. P.A. : AB R H P A '
EI=ty.2!> 3 2 10 1 Brr.rd.ci ? 1 210
VrHa,c* S 3 3 4 0 Flood.2b 4 0 0 2 4
Motlr^b 4 3 2 S 8 J.Smh.3b 4 0 3 1 5
Frtek. U 5 1 3 0 0 Eagar.r? 4 O 1 •• 1
Br>.lbX:c 5 2 2 7 1 f.Tiase.lb 4 1 2 12 I
rf 5 1 2 2 0 Totnn, ¦> 4 0 1 4 3
;. ;;..::.m 3 1 1 3 4;kom, if 4 0 2 o 0
Wllan. o3C140 Spies, c 4 O <¦ 2 0
Mpfcy.lb 0 0 0 10 TV. Hall. p 4 0 0 0 0
£h*!4«,p 4911 5j
f Totals 36 2 11 24 14
Tbtals.SJ 13 16 27 iei
RtTXS AND HITS BT INNINGS.'
Seattle 1 1 9 0 2 0 0 0 x— 13
Base fcita I 3 7 1 3 1 O 0 x— 16
!. « /..-;>.'• 0 0 1 0 0 1 0 0 n— •»
Baae fclta 2 1 2 1 0 3 0 1 1— 11
BTMMART.
lUrsea rcas — Seattle 7. Lo« Ar.rt!e« 1. Two
base hlu — Wilson. M3fc!*r. Chase. Toman.
Three-baae hit — Frl»k. Home — EIaak«n
» 7 SacrlSce tit — R. Hall. EtcJen ba»ei
ElacxecshJp. Jud Smith. Krrora — Chase. Roae
Struck cut— Ey Shield*. 4: by Hall. 1. Base oa
bails — Kail. Double plays — Shields ta Mohl»r
U Murphy: Jud £mlth to Chase. Passed ball
VTi;««. Blaskenship took Wilson's place be
hind the bat in the- ninth, bat had no field:D«;
•-ha.se**. Ti*re of .game — One hour and 45 raln-
Bies. Umpires — Brcirn and McDonald.
Jud Smith and Toman Do Clever
Work on Field at Seattle.
PLAY SENSATIONAL BALL-
WASHINGTON. Aug. 28.— The Civil
Service Commission announces aa ex
amination on September 2S to s«etrr«
ellgibles to nil three vacancies on thm
steamer General Mifrlin at San Fran
cisco, at 5W) per annum.
Zephaniah Jones was to-day appoint
ed Postmaster at Vineyard, San Diego
County, vice Stephen S. Bouldln. re
moved- The following rural carriers
were appointed: California— Laton.
Martin H. Miller regular, Raymond O.
Fike substitute; Los Angeles, John K.
McNeeley regular. Edward P. John
son substitute; Pomona, William H.
Markham resrular, "Willard M. Ely sub
stitute. Oregon — Warren, Lew Daories
regular, Orrie W. Allen substitute;
Sheridan, James L. Howard regular, A.
K. Gardner substitute. Washington-
Golden Dale, William A. Chappell regu
lar, Joseph H. Johnson substitute;
Walla Walla. William H. Bentley regu
lar, Ernest ->¦ Bentley substitute.
- Army orders — Chaplain John E. Dal
ian is assigned to the Twelfth Infan
try. He will report to the commanding
officer at Fort Snelling. Minn., for tem
porary duty and upon completion
thereof will proceed to join his regi
ment In th^r Philippines. The army re
tiring board convened at San Fran
cisco, by crdera of June 30, is dissolved.
An army retiring board, to consist of
Colonel Charles Morris. Colonel George
Andrews. Lieutenant Colonel George H.
Torney. I jcutenant Colonel Robert Pat
terson. Major Louis Brechemin and
Captain John J. Bradley, is appointed
to meet at San Francisco at the call of
the president of the board for the ex
amination of Major Aaron H. Appel.
uho win report to Colonel Charles Mor
ris at such time as he may designate
for examination by the board.
Civil Service Commission Schedoles
Examinations and Postal Depart
ment Appoints Rural Carriers.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Seventh race, one and three-eighths miles,
selling — Larry Witt 104. Cartey'a Dr*>am 104.
St. Slmonian 101. Little Corker 90. Burk
Cochran JH>, Wlssendin* 99. Miss Eon 97, Flora
Brirht 97, John McGurk 96. Compass 94,
George Vivian 94, Mae Miller 94, Hucena 9*.
Murmur 92.
Fourth race, six furlongs, handicap— Lor?tta
M 115. Dishabille 112. Woodlands 100. Fruit
101, Arlena SO. His Worship S5, Princess Orna
S3. Loval Street SO. (Dishabille and Hla Wor
ship. Bennett entry->
Fifth rac-e. one and an eighth miles, handi
cap — Bas d"Or 11". Taby Tosa 103, Just So 96.
Schoolmate 94. Boaster 93. Lyrist 92.
Sixth race, one mile and seventy yards. "ell-
Ing — Avoid 105. King's Coart 104, The Bug
aboo 103. i Pierce J 102. Jena 100. Pathos <>*.
Juba 9«. Athelros* 93. Dawson 07, Blissful 97.
Azzl* Lewis 93. Prince of Pilsen 92. Am
berlta S7.
Second race, five and a half furlongs, sell
ing—De Grammont 106, Picture Hat 1(*5. Mell
wocd 103. Tim Hurst 101. Limerick Girl 10O,
Preventatlve 9S, Drcmlo 9$. Annabelle Lee 93,
La Princess 95, Lady Lou 95, Leila Hunter 00.
Third race, six furlongs — Glennevis 115,
Money Muss 112. King Rcse 112. Jlmalong
112, Evening Star 110, J. W. O'Neill 105. St.
Wlnnifride 1(56. Scotch Dance 103. Claremont
103. Mafalda 98.
First race, six and a half furlongs, selling —
Fltzbrillar IOS. Joe Goss 100. Std Silver li>5.
Jerrr Hunt 105. Ivernla 96. Lady Vashtl 96,
Atlas 01.
ST. LOUIS. Aug. 2$. — To-morrow'! entries
ENTRIES AT ST. LOUIS.
Turner did all the leading, Mullen
assuming a crouching position, and do-
Ing a little ln-Cghtir.g In clinches.
Mullen did not strike an effective
blow in the contest, whila Turner
made a chopping block of Mullen.
The latter was clearly outclassed. H»
was hissed by the small audience for
hi* unfair tactics.
OGDEN. Utah. Aug. 2«i. — The deci
sion was given on a foul to Kufe Tur
ner of Stockton. Cal.. over Barney
Mullen; of Boston in the sixteenth
round of what was to have been a
twenty-round contest to-night. In a>
clinch Mullen deliberately threw Tur
ner to the floor, striking hinx as ha
felL
Strikes Him as He FaU».
Boston Slugger. Who was Outclassed,
Deliberately Throws Californian and
TCR.YER GCTS DECISION"
OX FOUL FROM MULLEN"
Reserve stake — Gambit. Renegad* Apocha.
Hudson. Frisco Lad. Fair Trale*. Intruder.
Apple Blossom. Ttllle K. Amandan*. In Time.
Golden Fortune. Fancy Free, Conroy. Colored
Lady, Belfast. Frisky Barbara. Old Ironsld-es.
Dcnnvbrook. Orstna. Rural Artist, Advanca
Guard, The Referee. Don Pedro, Cubaaola,
Pasha Pleasant. Racin? Auto. Vandal, Balen
dlne. Lucy Clair. John Heenan, Rocker Arm.
Raby Aurora, General D»wet. Ro»« of Gold
High Born. V--tiowtail.
This week's card at Union Park
will be run to-morrow in its entirety.
The sport will commence upon the ar
rival of the 10:15 a. m. coursing train.
The likely winners:
Reserve stake — Smiler, M«dea. Haddington.
Lucky Shamrock. The Sheriff. Idaho Boy.
Prompto. Marx: Stuff. Dore^n. FranJt Ducii.
Th» Mist. Little Klamath. Wedgewood Anna
dale. Bob R. Commercial Traveler. Outda.
LaiTy Menlo. Pepper Jack. Star Sylvanus, Lit
tle Mercy. Anna Ryne. Mountain Eagte. Rica
Array-, Icellus. Young Johnny Rex. Humbug.
Black Bart. Frisky Boy. Little Lucy. Reck
less B^y and Beauty Gold.
; Coursin? will commence to-day at
Ingleside Park at 11:30. The likely
winners look to be:
Class stake — Picadilly. Rector. Cartow Boy.
Foxhnnter. Galvestcn. Little Plunger Lord
Brazen. Valley Pride. Royal Friend. Gallant
Gl-nncer. Sea Lien. General Fremont. Vinda.
Imperious, Furl Moon, Runaway Actress. Rag
gerl Actor. Tom King. Haughty Helen. Queen' a
Mitto. Lest Chord. Honest John, Silver Heels.
Sir W inton.
The California Coursing Futurity.
for gTeyhounds whelped in 1903, will
be run one week from to-day and to
morrow at Union Coursing Park.
Sixty-six are eligible to start and It is
expected at least fifty-six of these will
go to the slips. The draw will be held
next Wednesday night at Pythian Cas
tle.
formers Will Start In the Coors
ins Fixture.
It Is Expected Fifty-Six Clerer Per-
YOUNG HOL'XDS IX TRAIXTNG
FOR THE RICH FUTURITr
READVILLE, Mas3., Aug. 26.— The
concluding races of the Grand Circuit
meeting here were held to-day.
Major Delmar and Prince Alert
were sent against the world's
record at their respective gaits,
but were unsuccessful, owing , to
i a strong wind. Major Delmar went
after the 2:Q2}i mark, the best mads by
a trotter without a pacemaker in front.
With all the disadvantages against
him, he circled the track in exactly the
time he set out to beat. The time was:
Quarter. :30U; half, 1:00*4; three-quar
ters, 1:31, and mile, 2:02U-
Prince Alert was trying for the pacing
'record of 1:53^4, without a pacemaker
in front. His time was: Quarter. :29%:
half, :5!>; three-quarters, 1:2S*4, and
mile, l^S*;. Summary:
• 2:0$ taw. purse JICCO. two In tsrw heats —
Cheering La33 won the first and third beau la
2"tti5», 2:C7\«: King Direct won the »ecoad
heat in 5tC9$*. \i!erson. Claynios. Dry Mono
pole and Zulora also started.
2:(O trot. Durse $15C»). two heats In thre* —
Stanley Dillon won two Jtraleht h«*ats In 2:10>.
2:OUV Maxin<*. Marlon Wilkes, Judjs Gre*a
and Mazetro alco started.
2:13 trot, purse $1000, two la thr«« heat*—
Hopper r.xn two straight heats in 2:144.
2:15U- Tom Phair. Tctara, Kyrallic, Hllfellow
and N'oretta aiso started.
2:04 pace, curse SKJOO. two In thre« heats —
Ma lor •; won the s<»coni and thini heats la
2:07?4. 2:lTh: AIb*rt won the Crst beat In
2:CC'«j- Tom K'ene also starte<l.
Against time \o beat 2:02'i trotting record —
Major r>.!mar lest. Time. 2:02'*.
Against time to beat l:Z9i; pacing record —
Prlr.ck Albert lost. Time. 1:39%.
SIXTH RACE — One mile; three-year -olds
and «s:
Betting. Horse. "Weight. Jockey. St. H Fin.
s to 1— Sting. 10:j (Conway) 13 3 1 1 14
3 to 1— Varro. 10*5 (Dugan) 1 In 2 3
7 to 2 — Lustig, Do (Anderson) 2 2 3 3 2
Time, 1:42. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. E. G. Wachter & Co.'a b. m. (.*) oy
Prlnc» of Monaco-Gypsy Queen. Trtpte Silver
9<>, St. Agnes II 0O. Regina D 10O. Lovable HXJ.
Drummond 90, Sanctissixna 97. Huckleberry
Finn 10O. Pompey 10«. Potter 95. Cborus Boy
If.;-, finished aa named.
FIFTH RACE — One mile and seventy yards;
three-year-olds and ud:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. •; Fin.
3 to 2 — Neversuch. IOS (.Troxler).. 7 3 3 11
Even — Bab. 105 (Anderson) 2 2 3 2 2
« to 1 — L. Strathmore. 104 fAustn) 5 1 hi 3 4
Time, 1:40%. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, J. K. Hughes" ch. h. (I) by Mirthful-
Clymena. Flora Willoughby 102, Extol 107,
Sardlan 107, Goo Goo 102. finished u nam-d.
FOURTH RACE— Six furlcngs; thre«-year
oU1« and up:
Betting. '. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
.1 t.> 1— Otto Stifel. 115 (Otis) 3 3 •_' 11
3 tc 1— Even. Star. M 1 Lindsey).. 5 1 h il'i
4 to I — Commodore. Ill (Troxler>. 2 2 1Vi : J3
Time, 1:14*». Start good. Won easily.
Winner. B. Schreiber's b. c. (3) by Satn-
Wetumka. Frank Bell 112. Kindred 1OJ, flu
tshed as named. |
THIR.D RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds:
Betting. Hors«. Weight. Jockey. St. ¦% Fin.
7 to 5— Fruit. V& (Rice) 2 2 1^1 4
7 to 2— Vada. 10T (Troxlen 2 3 3 2 14
13 to 1— Col. Preston. 10« (D.Aust) fl 5 8 3 *i
Tirrr. 1;C8>&. Start iced. Won driving.
Wlnn«r, Mrs. M Goidblatfs b. f. by
Knight of EIlersile-Banana. H^rsaln 9*i,
Trixlrt WJiite »>, Wlilowderw 107. Qnished as
named.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 26. — Otto Stifel won
to-day's handicap, coming on easily at
the end and beating a good field of
sprinters. Three favorites won. The
weather was clear, the track fast and
the attendance was 5000. Summary:
FIRST RACE — Five furlongs; two-year
oils :
letting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
»¦ to 1— Angleta, lot (Otis> 7 12 1 u
" to I — The Cook. 107 (D.Austin) 8 3 h 2 1
10 to 1— Ollie Burnett.lOO iFoley) » 8 2 3 >i
Time. 1:02 >a. Start good. Won driving.
Winnsr. I>. Schrelbtr's b. t. by .Sain-Slster
tti l_'ncl» Eob. Platt 107. Opinion 107. Wakeful
H,i», Jack Mo ran US Bessie Me ICO. Sweet
swaar 107. Our Jo« 1<>7. His Worship 107,
Arinisrjuam l')7. Outage 107, finished as named.
SECOND RACE— Six and a half furlongs;
("¦jur-year-olds and up:
Lietting. Horse. \\>ight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
2 to I— LVaih. 11« (Young* 4 1 J 1 l»j
I'-' to 1— M'.as Mann»r».119(D.Aus) 1 2 3 2 *,
2? to I — Amorous. 112 (Foley)... 3 32 3*
Tin*. 1 :22K.. .^tart gix;d. Won easiry. Win
n«r, Fi. Kobinscn's b. g. ('.)) by Charaxus-The
Alarm L>!1. Benjal lit). Ana l»ri« 114, Dr.
Barm ll'-. Swift Wing 112. Buccleuth 111), fln
i.'h'ed as caci'd.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Sixth race, seven furlongs, purse — Fllle d'Or
IG? iRmvw), 5 to 1. won; Huapala. 102 (Sul
livan). 3 to 5. g»ccn<5: Pilot. 112 (Hazard) 2
to 1, third. Time. 1 :2«. Tannhauser al?o ran.
SACR.\MENTO. Aug. 26. -The State
, Fair race meeting caught Us old-time
. ~- ¦¦¦-¦¦¦/¦
, swing to-day and a fairly good card
1 was run off before a fair attendance.
\ with a little something doing in the
i' betting ring at all times.
The syndicate book fattened the or
1 dinarily lean programme by giving an
, additional race, a seven furlong func
tion! over which the <?dds were so
tight that it would have required a
: burglar ¦with a jimmy to break in.
At post time there was a slight loos
; enin?, but those who fancied they were
wearing their sporting raiment had not
recovered from the first shock suffi
l ciently to make a plunge and the syn
: dicate quit to the good and the day.
A quartet of teamsters tried to break
1 Vf. G. D'jrfee's string of luck in the in
itial event, a 2:27 trot, but failed sig
nally. Reta H, the well played favor
. ite. winning a creditable race in
¦ straight heats. Nance O'Neil. after
; dropping tbe first heat to Billy Red,
; won the second race, a pace for the
2:27 class, and her victory was a popu
1 lar one. In the second heat Billy Red
! crowded the mare almost cm top of the
: rail and when Zibble registered a pro
: test with the judges, it was heeded and
, the heat awarded to Nance O'Neil.
Idalum, at even money, landed the
talent's money in the third race, a
handicap for all ages, at five furlongs.
; Enjoyment showed a burst of speed in
j the stretch and beat Wandering Boy
j for the place. Johnson fell off Gray
! Morn at the half-mile post, but was
¦ not seriously hurt.
Edgecliffe was supposed to be the
i good thing in the fourth race, a handi
i cap for two-year-olds, at five furlongs.
; He was backed down to 1 to 3, but was
; beaten a length by Gossiper. an
\ even money chance, Anita Knight, at
j 5 to 1. being third.
Sir Preston, a 1 to 2 favorite, took
. the fifth race, five furlongs, winning
[easily by a length from Our Pride.
Fille d'Or won the closing event of
1 the day, seven furlongs, beating Hua-
I pala two lengths. Pilot was third.
I Summary:
First ra>-e; 2:CT class: trotting; pur?<? $500:
i Reta H. br. m. by McKinney-Sraut
<D-jrfp*> 1 1 1
j Walter Wilk»s <Groc=) 2 2 2
Ercsroont iChaboya) 3 3 3
! Pat Rose <Hoy> .4 4 4
! Millbrae (McAvoy) drawn.
Time — 2:1«. 2:17. 2:19H-
Second rac — 2:17 class: pacing; purse $60O:
; Nance O'Neill, b m by Pilot Prince-
Nc=o Y (Sibble) 4 1 1 1
I Biily Red 1 Springer) 1 2 4 2
•Dr. V," tLeggett) 2 3 2 dr
j P«r.rose (Mastin) 7 4 5 dr
Flora G »Miz»c»r <5 « 3 dr
Economizer (Wright) 3 7 6 dr
Dr J (Daniels) 5 5 7 dr
Time — 2:10. 2:09^.. 2:12. 2:17^.
Third race, running, handicap, five furlongs
— Idalum. 113 (Henderson). »>ven. won; En
joyment 120 (Lorendo). 6 to 1. second; Wan
d* ring- Bey. 122 (M-ran). 7 to 1. third. Time.
irfB. J. T.-S.. Traveler. Paddy B. La Figaro
an<! Outcast also ran. Grey Morn fell.
Fourth race, five furlongs, handicap — Gos
stper. 100 <Buriingame>. even, won: Edse
ol:S>. 110 (Henderson). 4 to 5. second : Anita
Kr.ight. 9S (Moran>. 0 to 1. third. Tim». 1 :02.
Or.fican, Grecore. Chestnut and Lena Ford
al«o ran.
Fifth race, five furlongs, selling — Sir Pre«
tcn. 112 iViclcery). 7 to 10. won: Our Pride.
112 (Henderson). 5 to 2. second; Pot»ncia, lt»
(Bozemar.), 7 to 1. thlnl. Time, 1:01. Hand
Sherwood. Victoria S. Botany. Amoruna and
Jchn Andersen also ran.
Special D:ir"atch to The Call
Batteriea— NlchcU asd Gra47; WCS* asd
MarsbAlL Cscplr*— Ztasmar.
CHICAGO, xig. 2tl. — Brown's cxsaEJSt
p!:cb!sg. allawtss onlr S"-» J::*-*. ihut X»w
Yorit cut. Atteadasc* 320O. Scar*:
R. H. Z.
Chicago A ft •
New York 0*4
Batteries — Brown aad Kilns;; ST.Sot! *a4
"Warner. Uispi res— Kennedy and Es»"».
CtXCIXXATI. Ohio. Aag. 28.— Ho g*a»
was olayed h«re today. T&a cxa* wltb
Brooklyn acnedaled lor ti-day waa pUytd oa
aa cpea date earliar in ts« season.
PITTSBLRO. Aug. 2S.— Corrldon h«!d Pttta
burg down to-day asd had no troubls In k>«9
iog t::* scattered. Attendance, 1900. Scots:
R. H. X.
Pittsburg 3 • 1
Philadelphia. tt 13 >
Battenes^ — Lynch and Pcc!p«: Corrfdoa end
Docln. Vnipires — Carp«nt«r and Moran.
AMERICAN LEAGCX.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 2tt. — Cleveland wca a
stubborn twetve-lss^g gaxna from Waahlngtaa
to-day. AttendancAsOO. Score:
R. H. EL
Washi=?:ca 0*0
Cleveland 1 11 1
Batteries— Patten and Kittredge; J-u *=i
Bemts.
BOSTON. AtK. Ml — Gibacn held Chleag»
down to four hits to-day and Boston won by
a score of 3 to L Attendance. •>"•••>. Bcora:
R. H. EL
Bcston 3 S 2
Chicago 14 0
Batteries— Giioon aad Cr1x«; Smith and M;-
Farlasd.
NEW TOHK. Aug. 26.— Loss hits by Gan
zell and timely hits by Ccnror eoabted N«"»
Yorlt to win frotn St. Louis to-day. Attend
ance. 46CO. Score :
St. Lou!, .^ H « h
>>w York 3 10 1
Batteries^ — Howe!] and O'Connor; Caxtca
asd Kleinow.
PHILADELPHL\. Anr. 2B.— Mullin weak
ened In the fifth inn 135 tn-day and the locals
won. Attendance. 410»>. Score:
R. H. E.
Detroit 4 6 3
Philadelphia T S 2
Batttrtes— MuIIin a=d BerUle; Besi«r and
Powers.*
ST. LOU13. Aug. •«.— St. Louts took th*
final gaxa« of :is Mriet Jr:a Bc«toa ti:»
aftirsocn. Bostoa was -=At:» ta tcor» cstll
tho Iaat lsslsr, whea NlcicU Ut tfo^ra t=i
two rua« caait in tefor* :i* aid* waa r«tlr«d.
Willis was hit :r««ly ty St. Loula. AttasAaas*.
43C0. Eccra:
R. H. XL
St. Louia « U 1
Bcston 3 • S
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
CHICAGO, Aug. 26.— Irene Lindsey.
cnvned by E. E. Smathers of New York, i
won the third and feature event of
the Hawthcrne card to-day, which was !
a six furlong handicap. The big mare, !
which was always favorite in the bet- J
ting at 3 tcr 5, picked up 116 pounds |
and covered the three-quarters in j
1:13 3-5, leading all the way by a big'
margin and having at the end two-and '
a half lengths to spare over Eig Ben.
The latter, with 117 pounds up, ran a
smashing race. He laid second and ,
well up all the way, outsprinting Clif
ton Forge easily, and at the finish was
five lengths in front of Ananias for the
place. Corrigan's colt ran a dull race.
From point of numbers the best card
of the present meeting was offered. The
n^ids als</ were, nicely balanced, mak
ing interesting contention possible in
each event. The track was at its best
and the weather fine. The attendance
was hardly up to the average. Sum
mary:
• FIRST RACE— Four and a half furlongs;
two-year-old maidens; purse:
Detting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
2<>tol— Col. Rnppert. 113 (Prior), a 3 2 1 14
' aw: — Mart Gentry llOtNicc!). 1 lh 22
3t> to 1— \V.Bro«kfle!d. 1 VS (Lynrhm 6b 3h
Time, t>j 2-5. Start xood. Wen easily. Win
tier. J. R. 'Weniters's ch. c. bv Gotham-Fre
t cica. T'-.ga. 1U. Eftxtt Andrews 115. Grace El-
I liott Il». Kalph Re^se IIS. Paclflco IXS, Baker
lto. The Ga lfly lt:j. Itch 110, Basawool llu,
Rainwltch 113. finished as tamed.
SCCX3ND RACE — Ona tnlle: four-year-old*
I ar.-l up; s^llir.g:
Betttr.s. Hers?. \%>:sht. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
li to — Etheiyue, loa (Morrison). 4 4 2%1 2
15 ta I — Marshalsea. JCO <I'l«ratt) 2 ZHSZ^
T to 2— Dr. Stephens. 1C9 (Abcbn; 8 3 IVa-J 1
Time. 1 : IZ 2-Z. Start gooJ. Won easily. Wia-
Otr. R. M. Hennessey's b. m. <5) by Frf«man-
Ethel Gray. Sioux Chief ICG. Royal Piftte <M,
Tim Ot-hanrer 1«J4, Inventor 114, Kilmorie 104.
Fading Lig'it '.0U. John E. Owens 101. AUle
Virgie 104, finished as named.
THIRD RAC2— Six furlongs; handicap; all
a?cs :
Betting. Korse, Weight. Jockey. St. *; Fin.
9 to 5— Iren; Linds:v. lttj (Abchn) ;5 13 1 24
!> to 2— Big Een. 117 (Prior) 4 2 4 2 5
i C to 1 — Ananias. 106 (Reed) 1 413 1
Time. IU5 3-& Start good. Won" easily.
Winner. E. E. Smathers" br. in. («i) by St.
Gecrjre-Vnntage. Pert Royal 112. Clifton Forge
I 106, Fcssil 110. finished as ramed.
FOCRTH P.ACE— One mile; thre*-year-old«
i and up; selling:
B'tlir.g. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. * 4 Fin.
1." to 1 — Dur.?annon. iKi (Pieratt). 7 8 4 la
.T to 5 — Gold. Mineral. 93 CNiCiil) <5 2 H 1' 4
10 to 1 — Watermelon. 'JO iS»amstr) t 5: :j 3
T;rae. 1 :42 3-5. Start gnod. Won driving.
Winner. Charles Knebelkamp's b. f. <3) by
Dungarven-Distress. Marco 9S. Nannon S3,
I Halnaiilt 100, Berry Waddell £9. Casava 10<i,
finished as ramed.
FIFTH RACE— Five furlongs; two-year-olds
celling:
Betting. Horse. "Weight. Jcckey. St. »4 Fin.
5 to " — L'«<?fTi; I^dy. 99 (N'icol).. 3 13 1 i^
* to 5 — St. Denis. 100 <Sh<«?han).. 5 2 1J 2 2C
5 to 1— Devout. 07 < Aubuchon). .. 7 5 4 33
Time. 1 :< 2 4-5. Start good. Won handily.
Winner, J. A. Wernberg's b. f. by Russell-
L'aefnL Jan«?ta 104. Lady Lasca. 102, Big
Beach 10."). Lillian Ayres 106, Lola Mat »L
Bowling Butte S>9, finished as named.
SIXTH RACE— Seven furlongs: three-year
olds; i>urse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
14io5 — Baywood. 100 (N'icol) 3 14 14
7 t.j 5 — Copper. 109 (Morrison)... 7 62 2 h
*". to 1— C. Miller. 106 (Helgcsen). « 7 14:5 2
Tim*. 1:2S 2-5. Start good. "Won easily.
Winner. T. J. McHale'a b. c. by Woodmoss-
Miss Lizzie II. Great Eastern 100. B»rnice
tttr. General Steward 106. Salivate IOS. Eieatea
H>4. Tellfare 10«, Jusque La 104. finished as
named.
ENTRIES AT HAWTHORNE.
CHICAGO. Aug. 26. — To-mcrrow's entries:
First rare, six furlongs, selling — Fly Lady
107. Seven Oaks t>7. Mandy L*e 92. Fair Alllen
82. Potr»ro Grande 82, Hunterdown. 04. Ayr
94 F]or:sta 04. Japan 1>7, Commander 101.
Billie Bashaw 101. Comrade 102 Brand New
1C3. Ncrel 104. Dragoon 104.
S-?ccnd ra<?», the Kmerald steeplechase, short
course — Alma Girl 125. Donami 140. Xitrate
147. Kan4»ice 153, Charawind 160. Weird 162.
Third race, five and a half furlongs handi
cap — Sincerity B^lle 9<>. Captain Neroth 32,
Hrrartway Girl 'JO. Michael Byrnes 10O Monte
103. lUm'i Horn IIS, Flaxman US.
Fourth race, mile and a half, the Superior
handicap — OHag^n 05. Birch Broom 102 Major
ll.inslr 106. Exclamation 92, Judge Hinies 112.
Fifth race, seven furlons*. selling — St Blue
!>.1. Mr All?« 03. Chockayotte 83. Armorer 9«.
LIda Leib 96. Baywood ICO. Bay Wonder 10O,
Royal Pirate 100. Benson Caldwell 104, Allie
Vireie 105. Inventor 10S.
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles, selling
. — Exrentral 86. Maud Muller 82, Rabunta 9«5,
Sartlla 90. Carat 104, Ethylene 104, Havtland
1C*.
Seventh race, fix furlongs, purse — Matador
KT>. Now Mown Hay 105, Emperor or India. 107.
McGee 11«.
HAWTHORNE SEIlECTIOXS.
By th« Chicago Inter Ocean.
First race — Brand N'evr, Comrade,
Stare!.
Second race — Weird, Handvice,
CIiara\yind.
Third race — Monte, Ram's Horn,
Flaxman.
Fourth race — Major 3IansIr, Birch
Broom, O'Hagen.
Fifth race — My Alice, Chockayotte,
Baywood.
Sixth race — Ethylene, Carat, Excen
tral.
Seventh race — Matador, McGee.
Emperor of India.
Condition of the track— Fast.
Special Dispatch to. The Cal!
Cleveland Wins a Stubborn
Twelve-Inning Game From
Capital City Ball Tossers
Concluding Events Are Won
by Stanley Dillon, Cheering
Lass, Hopper and Major C
alls oft Gray Mum at the
Half-3Iile Vo>u but Luck
ily Escapes Serious Injury
• Saa Frascisco 14, Tacoma 2.
TSere was baseball at Recreation
• Park yesterday until the seventh inn-
IZg. Tien the Tigers coiiapsed like
a. .paper cellar en a warm day and the
. Ecals played follow the leader arcund
the sacks. It was ding dong bell, Fish
«f« la tia well, seven times.
* Juisue tries to pass the buck to Kelly,
tie.siaa who makes the Orpheuia front
; rows c-^t-fi:;ggle the laughing jackass,
• who Is* king o* beasts In Australia.
Kelly sat close to the Tiers' bench
and fc&nded out his best free of charge.
"Why is San Francisco like Alame
da?" asked the joke wizard.
3>like Fisher didn't know or couldn't
CTuess.* "Because it has no baseball
team." replied Kelly.
The Tacoma team was tangled in
a Epasni cf laughter. Next minute they
v ere g;g"gi;ngr on the southwest side
,.cf their countenances. It was -two all
•when Irwin faced St. Vrain the first
time and drew a pass. The Seals got
&' kitting streak and the Tigers got
mixed with their own feet. When Ir
. wfn appeared again it was 6 to 2 and
Charlie brought in another.
"What's the difference between — "*
began Kelly, when the Tacorna bunch
•£Ct back "to their benches. "Cut that
° rough work out," shouted Mike Fisher,
"ily* team was cueered by that last
;-k«.-'.
jj .'This isn't a joke," retorted Kelly.
. ':t's a problem. What's the difference
between Micjue Fisher and a mush
•- ""<Sive up," said Truck Eagan. "What
** it?"
"Th'ere isn't any difference," replied
Kelly. With a cold, clammy laugh
that trapped the three extra kegs of
Eteara beer in the little German gar
den. Fisher fied. Truck Eagan'sgrin
criss-crossed at the back of his head.
Five more runs for Uncle Henry's
bunch in the eighth. Curtains for
Miiue. Up to a late hour last nijrht
Truck Eazan was trying to choke his
mirth.
"What"? the difference between* Mike
Firher and a mush melon?" The an
f«er ¦nill be found In the score:
S»3 FrandEaco— , Taccmi —
AB R. H. P. A ? AB. R. H. P. A.
Var:B.lb 3 3 2 13 I>Dcyle.rt. 2 0 0 3 0
Gchstnva 2 2 1 «» 3 *h<rfcr..3b 5 0 112
¦ •¦: 4 1 .. 3 6 Nrdyk.lb 4 0 0 9 1
Hildbd.lf 5 : 1 2 <» Einn.;. 3 1 1 3 3
Ir»tc.3b "4 1 1 i> 4 Lm-h.cf 2 1 O 3 1
.\-:>r..rf 5 1-1 >• Caw}.a 3 0 O 2 1
MiHer^b 4 1 (> 2 5 McLpLlf 4 O O 1 ©
Oortotue 3 2 2 4 1 Hcnic. 4 O 2 3 3
V. rs.--.p .1 1 1 2 O fc't.Vrr..p 4 0 0 0 2
Totalt'S It 10 Z7 14 Totals. "4 2 4 t* 13
KCXS AXD HITS BY INNINGS.
Tacema 0 2 o o 0 O 0 0 0 — 2
Ba««- hit» ..«...» 2 1 ** 0 1 O O 0 — 4
San Francisco... 01000175 X— 14
Ba«>- hits 1 1OOOO53 x — 1O
SUMMARY.
Crrors — G^^chsauer. Irn-ia. Miller. Wfcalen,
Ruchaa, Eagaa (C). Lynch, Casey, Hcgan.
Ftotcn b*** 1 * — Gocfcnauer. Irwla. Miller,
Whalen. E*s«n. Two-base hit— Hild^brand.
rtcnSoe hits — Goehna.u«r. Lynch. W*ha.l*n.
F:rst bas« on trrors — i-as Francisco 5, Ta
r< rrA 2. First ba«e en called balls — OS
¦WfcaJec 3. c!i St. Vraia 7. l^eft en bas*s —
San Frasclsoo 4. Taccma S. Struck cut — By
T\ha!en 3, by St. Vraia 1. Doable play* —
L.yr.'-h to Began. Hcgaa to Eiff&n. Wild
fitch— St. Vraln. Tls:« of gxznt — Two hours.
Chames Stays in the Game.
• " While St. Yrain Loses His
Grit and Support Errs
Easily Takes Second Place
From Ananias* While Clif
ton Forge Rulis Dull Race
BIG BEX IS CLOSE . UP
JOCKEY TAKES TUMBLE
WASHINGTON DEFEATED
Favorite in a Four -Horse
IJace Fails to Get Any
Portion of the Purse
FRANK BELL IS LAST
— -V ¦
GKAXD ¦ -CIRCUIT CLOSES
M'HALEX GOES ROUTE
That the Futurity will be a contest
between millionaires and their horses
is apparent at a glance at the names of
the owners of those which are bulle
tined to start for the $55,000 race to
morrow. Only a millionaire can afford
to refuse $100,000 for a two-year-old, as
James R. Keene has done, and If Sy
sonby, the colt which was not for sale
at the price mentioned, is worth the
sum, surely Hanya, which has already
won more than $60,000 this year and
may win $50,000 more to-day, is worth
as much as Sysonby.
The trio of fillies which will race in
the interest of Herman B. Duryea are
the product of stallions and mares for
which the late William C. Whitney
paid a fortune, and that the product of
Hamburg and Meddler should race up
to the reputation of their progenitors
is only to be expected.
Tradition may not win to-day, but it
Is declared by turfmen that no filly of
her age gives brighter promise of bril
liant maturity next year. She is owned
by the multi-millionaire James B. Hag
gin, and races in the name and colors
of Sydney Papot for business reasons.
August Belmont owns Woodsaw,
which *also races in the name and colors
of Paget, but it is an assured thing
that this colt will bear his owner's
colors next season.
Glorlfler also Is owned by one of the
turfs most wealthy patrons, Louis V
Bell.
It is a fact, however, that the great
race to be run has. in the minds of
the experts, really settled down to a
contest between horses owned or
raced by two, or. at the most, three of
the wealthiest turfmen of the country.
Rarely, indeed, in these days does one
see a "poor man's'* colt looming up as
a Futurity possibility. • Long before
the date of the race the colt would
have been sold at a fancy figure too
high" for any poor man gifted with good
sense to refuse.
With the field Including Sysonby.
winner of the Brighton Junior and the
Saratoga Special; Tanya, which has
already captured the rich National
Stallion and Hopeful stakes, and Tra
dition, also a stake winner, horsemen
concede that It will be one of the fast
est and greatest races ever run for
Sheepshead Bay's historic event. The
Keene entry, Sysonby and Wild Mint,
undoubtedly will be strong public
choices in the betting-.
Following are the weights, Jockeye,
owners and odds:
Horse. Weight. Jockey. Owner. Odds
Sysonby. 127 Redfern ..J. R. Keene.. . .Even
Blucher. 11. .J. Martin ..J. R Keene . . . . Even
veto. 127 Odom..J. R Keer.e... Even
Wild Mint. 117. .Fuller . . J. R Keene .... Even
Tanya. 124 Shaw..H. B. Duryea..7to2
Rose Dawn. 124.Hldbd ..H. B. Duryea T to •£
Pioneer. 119. .Corcnack . .H. B Duryea 7 to »
Artful 114 Cochran ..H. B. Duryea"Tto~>
Tradition. 127 Lyn»..s. Paget <* to 1
Woodsaw. 121.. C.Kelly ..P. Paget.. 9 to 1
Hot Shot 122. ..Hicks ..J.S. Madden.. 12 to 1
Waterside. HD.Henesy ..W. Madden 1*» to 1
Councilman. 122..f ta!ps . .J. E. Madden. 12 to 1
Britleher. m...O'Nelll ..J. a. Drake.. 23 to 1
Glorlfler. 127. ..Gannon . .L. V. Bell 30 to 1
Oteeau, 122 Munroe ..J G. Green. . .20 to 1
Agile. 122 Burns., s." S. Brown. .. .TO to 1
Bedouin. 129. . .Travers ..XV. Jewett "O to 1
Jack Lory. 122.. Fisher ..J. W. Schorr.' ."23 to I
Belle Strome. 119.Hgns ..National Sta..40tol
Runaway. 113.CaIlahn . .P. H. McCar'n 50 to 1
Spark. Star, 126.McCue ..R. T. "Wil«on. .60 to 1
Estimated value of fitlJ, <£«,200.
Special Dispatch 'to The Call..
NEW YORK. Aug. 26.— Here h» the
estimated value of.. the colts and fillies
that will go to the post for the big race
at Sheepshead Bay to-morrow:
Fysonby $100 i.0i», Wild Mint ... 30.000
Tanya ICO.fiOO ChrysitU 20. COO
Rose of Dawn.. Ko.ilOO Belle Strome... 20.C0O
Artful 5o.« Ct> Hot Shot 20, CCO
Tradition 40.<*.0 Olseau W.fifO
Woodsa w 40 COO Agile 2t).0c0
Ulorifler 3O.0GO I Waterside 4,200
Not a "Poor Man's"
Colt Included
in the Lot.
Shoulders a Heavy Impost
in a Hawthorne Handi
cap and Wins Impressively
Beaneaters Are Unable to
Land on St. Louis T wirier,
While Willis Is Hit Hard
Schreiber's Colt Leads a
Clever Field to the Wire
in the St. Louis Feature
Despite Disadvantages and
Without Pacemaker Trot
ter Makes 3Hle in 2:0211
Alleged Good Things Fail
to <^^t IJiuler the Wire
First ami Public Suffers
¦ Kelly, Orpli<Mim*s Laughter
Sets the Tacomans
Limp With the Giggles
IRENE LINDSEY
HAS HER SPEED
MAJOR DELMAR
EQUALS RECORD
NICHOLS HOLDS
BOSTON DOWN
HANDICAP GOES
TO OTTO STIFEL
FRISCO MAKES
TIGERS SQUEAL
Baby Racers Rep
resent Value of
$534,000.
TALENT LOSES
AT SACRAMENTO
BEST FIELD OF TWO-YEAR-OLDS EVER SEEN ON AMERICAN TURF
WILL STRUGGLE FOR THE CHAMPIONSHIP IN THE RICH FUTURITY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL:, SATURDAY, AUGUST 27, 1904.
A 90,000-pour.d aieel sife has been
installed in the Mine;, and Metallurgy
building at the World's Fair. It will
bo a repository for the precious gsras.
Ingots, gold bricks and bars and other
valuable metals exhibited In that
building. BUB
- NIAGARA-ON-THE-LAKE, Aug. 26.
"With ideal weather, good progress was
made in the internatic-nal tennis cham
pionship play to-day. The finals in the
all-comers was reached. The two left
to fight it out are Leroy of New York
and Bell of California
Bell to Compete in Final*.
The members of the San Francisco
Flycastihg " Club will dedicate their
new clubhouse to-morrow. The Gold
en Gate Park Commissioners have
erected a picturesque building on. the
edge of Stow Lake for the club. The
last ¦ of the season's regular contests
will be decided. " - " - •/-
Flycasters- Will Dedicate Home.
Pitcher Ibcrg Apparentlj- Has Fallen
Heir to Butler's Hoodoo.
I PORTLAND, Aug. 2*.— The Dugs did
eome ragged batting to-day and men
rrere constantly left on bases. Iberg
had apparently fallen 'heir to Butler'a
hoodoo, for the Oaklands bunched their
hits and made It 5 to 1. Three were
• nad« in the third and two' more in the
the 5rst two/innings. Then "they got
thrc*- rnen on bases and sent them
rnmi-iiig home m and the funeral began
end the fans who now think Portland
ehuuld win most everything were jjriev-
PORTLAND LOSES TO OAKLAND.
5OAKLAXD. Aug. 26.— George Davis,
Mho arrived in San Francisco last night
from Los Angeles, complained to the
Oakland police to-day that a man
named Cook, representing himself as
an Oregon cattle raiser, had robbed
him of $33. Cook borrowed the money
from his victim and then disappeared.
Falxc Friend Gets Coin.
' SENTENCED FOR CONTEMPT.—OAK
LAKD. Aug. 28.— J. T. Cole, a house painter.
¦was sent to the County Jail for three days
! this morning by Judge Melvin for contempt
of court for not having paid his wife $20 a
month alimony as ordered.
It has been stated that Mrs. Frances Man- ¦
dler and Dominico Russo would be joined in ¦
the bonds of matrimony by Rev. Father Foler •
of St. Joseph's Church. Mrs. Mandler is a 1
divorced woman and her husband, IJert Wyber |
ir atlll living. By the laws of the Catholic '
church neither Father Folyr nor any other >
priest of the Catholic church can officiate at (
the marriage. T. J. O"Connell. assistant nictor J
Et. Joseph* Church.
ALAJfEDA, Aug. 26. — Dominico
Russo's plans for his marriage to
Mrs. Frances Mandler of Alameda
have gone askew. The announcement
that the wedding would be solemnized
on Monday by the Rev. Father Fo
ley. pastor of SL Joseph's Catholic
Church, was made without consulta
tion with that clergyman. The fam
ous little tenor has been compelled to
make other arrangements.
It is in this wise: The bride-expec
tant is divorced and her former hus
band. Bert Wyber, is still living. Under
the laws of the Catholic church it is
forbidden that a Catholic priest shall
officiate in such a case. This explan
atory note has been sent from the pa
rochial residence:
Tenor Russo and His Prospective
Bride Compelled to Forego 3Iar
riage by a Catholic Priest.
RUX AGAINST TIIE
LiAWS OP THE CHURCH
A profound musician, student and
graduate of the Royal Conservatory of
Stuttgart, Germany, yogt has com
posed several works pf high merit, no
tably a number of masses. While in
New York opportunity was afforded
some of the best musicians to hear and
pass judgment upon the Californian'a
compositions of a lighter order, and one
and all- pronounced them masterpieces.
His comic operas, "Prince Aitnodeus"'
and "The Lily of Chefoo," were among
the compositions which had a hearing,
and made such a distinct and strong
impression that it Is probable that
Henry W. Savage, one of the keenest
Judges of comic opera in America, will
present ths former work. In a eulogis
tic editorial complimenting California
upon the talent she has given the world
the Dramatic News of New York re
cently devoted much space in praise of
Vogt.
Theodor Vogt, the composer," has re
turxii'd to San Francisco from the East
alter winning not only the highest en
comiums of musicians of New York,
but also the praise of writers and a
prominent critic who have heard his
works. ~. ;; ;.
Tlieodor Vogt's Ability Wins High
Opinion of Musicians and Press
of Great Metropolis.
CALIFORNIA COMPOSER
PRAISED TS NEW YORK
The Associated Women Students will Rive
their annual reception to the Freshman Guild
on th* afternoon of Thursday, September I,
from 3 to 5 o'clock, in Hearrt Hall.
The first football rally of the term was held
this evening in the Greek Theater. The rally
was primarily In honor of the freshmen and
war desljroed to furnish them with inspiration
for the football season. A big" bonfire burned
in th» middle of the theater, the wood for
which was furnished by freshmen. Addresses
were delivered by Professor C. L.. Cory. O. J.
Ar.lr.ff. Coach James Hopper. Claude Kern,
<~«ptatn lien Stroud and others.
Professor Jaraea Ward of the University of
CaZDtiridge delivered the annual public address
before the Philosophical Union this evening;
In Hearst Hall and was greeted by a large
audience. His subject was "Philosophical
Orientation and Scientific Standpoints."
Galen M. Fitter, 'SO. who has returned from
T' kin. where he li the International secretary
of the Young Men's Christian -Association, is
reeking to interest students of California col
leges tn a plan to found a California Memorial
HaJI in Tokio, to serve as a dormitory for
Japanese students. Experience has shown Mr.
Flsber that the Japanese environment while
at college 1* far from the best and out of
2000 boarding-house* In Tokio only four could
be recommended by the associations. The cost
of a dormitory In Japan is not much as com
pared with what one would cost In America,
£2000 being considered sufficient to purchase
the necessary land and erect a Initldlns suit
able for twentv-flve men.
Fcr thrir succe*«eg Jn tournaments on the
tennis courts gold pins have been awarded by
the Associated Women Students to Miss Ethel
Katcilffe. MIfs Gladys Wickson and Miss
Miriam Edwards.
BERKELEY. Au*. M.— Friends of John A.
Morlarty were shocked to-day to learn of hi*
death in Los Aneeles. Morlarty was gradu
ated wit£ the cla»s of '03 and was one of the
most promising of the recent graduates. He
was editor of The Celifornian for one term
and took a prominent part in the extrav»i;vua
presented by —is class.
Temporary organization of the freshman class
was effected this morning: without any undue
¦¦rougra-house"' tactics. The baby class locked
itself securely in Harmon Gymnasium and
carried on its deliberations in spite of the
effort! of the sophomores to push in the door.
The proceedings were somewhat marred ly
th» persistent yelling of the "sophs." Pro
fessor C. L. Cory, chairman of the EtudeTa"
affairs committee, addressed the "sophs" when
th? excitement wa F higheft and this had the
effect of preventing any destruction of prop
erty.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
ALAMEDA, Aug. 26. — Joseph F.
Fordecer, president of the Alameda
Board of Trustees, explained last night
at a meeting of the West End Im
provement Association that if the de
mands of the various municipal de
partments for an increase of salaries
and of the Board of Education for
maintenance of the schools of the city
were to be met, the tax rate would
have to be fixed at a rate not less than
$1 49 on each $100 of property valuation.
Fred T. Moore, superintendent of
schools, said the school department had
long been conducted on lines second
to none in the United States.
"If the school department Is to be
conducted according to Its present
high standard," said Mr. Moore, "we
must have the amount of money from
th* city that our estimate calls for.
It is poor economy to allow our school
buildings to deteriorate for want of a
little paint or varnish, and the under
standing when the present Board of
Trustees was elected was that the de
partment was to be conducted accord
ing to the presenthigh standard."
Frank Otis, one "of the members of
the Board of Education, and George
Renner also made short addresses.
The matter of entertaining the visit
ing Knights Templar was also touched
upon.
President Fordercr of Alameda Trus
tees Explains to Improvement Club.
SAYS HIGH TAX LEVY. \
OAKLAND, Aug. 26.— The Union La
bor party county convention, called to
meet at Germania Hall to-night, went
to pieces before it had effected perma-
nent organization, and the large ma
jority''of the delegates marched over
to the cooks and waiters' headquarters
and attended a meeting there, which
Is to be followed by another to lay
out a programme for the conduct of
union labor politics during the coming
campaign.
Wild disorder followed the announce
ment made bv J. Ehard, who got up
in the convention and said that he saw
sitting in this delegation a man who
had "scabbed" during the butchers'
strike, and that he refused to sit with
him and he called upon all union men
to follow him. With him went nearly
the entire convention, leaving but
about, thirty delegates of the 192 who
answered to roll call. Every new de
serter was greeted with cheers, and
finally Chairman Paul Wuthe stated,
that he resigned his position (as chair
man and declared the meeting ad
journed until next Friday night. The
meeting was called to order by J. B.
Crandall, with R. J. Silva acting as
secretary.
The remark that they had been sold
was shouted from different parts of the
room. T. L. Holden and L. R. James
were placed in nomination for secre
tary, and to avoid a contest both men
were called upon to serve. Chairman
Wuthe then announced the following
committees:
Platform and resolutions — J. Jo
seph, R.^M. Smith, M. D. Cook, J. D.
Kay, H. B. Wayne. E. L. Bair and L.
R. James. Permanent organization—
Al Ormsby. F. Arno, B. F. Calhoun,
E. W. Knox, Al Strlpple and Frank
Day. Credentials— J. B. Crandall, G.
M. Britt, J. D. Owens, E. F. O'Brien,
H. Alkus, W. C. Allen and F. O'Connor.
After the reports of the committees
had been read by the secretary the
floor was obtained by A. J. Sunderer,
who denounced the meeting as a fraud.
He was followed by J. Ehard, who
called upon the union men to follow
him out of the hall.
J. B. Reboll presided at the meeting
at Cooks* and Waiters' Hall. Many
speeches were made, including one by
Wuthe, who said he had been deceived
and that he should have nothing more
to do with the convention.
Leaders of the delegates who walked
out said they were undecided whether
to return to the convention next Friday
night and reorganize it, or name an in
dependent lot of condidates.
Judge Wright leaves a wife, Mrs.
Sarah M. Wright, and seven sons, Ed
ward H. Wright of Pittsburg, Willard
R. Wright of . Berkeley, Stanley H.
Wright of Virginia City, G. D. Wright
of Oakland, Howard E. and Leslie A.
Wright of New York, and Curtis
Wright of Berkeley.
The funeral will be held Sunday af
ternoon at 2 o'clock from the son's resi
dence at 2215 Fulton street.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Aug. 26.
¦ Judge Samuel H. Wright, Whose
I twenty years, of service on the District
1 bench of Nevada made his name known
to almost every inhabitant in the Silver
State, a jurist whose opinions are
quoted often in the courts and a man
whose allegiance to Republicanism was
unswerving, died this morning at the
family home, 2201 Ellsworth street,
after a lingering illness. Heart dis
ease, from which he had suffered for
years, was the cause of death.
Most of Judge Wright's life career
was spent in the West. It was re
markable in many respects and there
were many thrilling episodes in the
twenty years spent on the Nevada
bench. Crossing the plains in a wagon
train from Kentucky in 1849, Judge
Wright settled in Marysville, engaging
in business there for a number of years.
Later he went to Santa Clara, serving
there as Justice and postmaster.
The mining excitement attracted the
jurist to Carson City and a few months
after his arrival there he was elected
to the bench upon which he served so
long. Ten years ago Judge Wright re
tired and came to Berkeley, where he
had since lived in well earned ease.
"Only a few days ago we refused a
compromise of $2000. I had no idea
our time was out and I consider that
my attorneys have intentionally al
lowed this matter to go against us. We
have been defrauded of a considerable
mm of money and, while we must
acquiesce in the order of the court,
1 shall see if there is not some way
in which the attorneys can be punished
<->r this. I tried to get rid of them
some time ago on account of their in
action in the matter, but I could not
get them to sign the substitution pa
pers."
In answer to her query, Judge Ogden
advised her t*iat if she wished to bring
the matter before the Grand Jury she
would have to apply to the District At
torney, 'or if she wanted damages,
which would be her best plan, she
could seek redress through the courts.
Notice of a motion to be made to
this effect was sent to Louise Matthai
and with her sister she appeared in
court and made the statement that It
had always been her intention to pros
ecute the case, but that for one reason
or another the suit had been continued
from time to time and iier lawyers had
put off the trial. In this connection,
the witness said:
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway. Atig. 26.
Rose and Louise Matthai accused
their attorneys, Webber and Ruther
ford of Napa, before Judge Ogden this
morning with having neglected their
interests, allowing a $25,000 damage
suit against the estate of the late
George C. Stanley to go by default.
They are left, they say, without relief
in the matter other than such satisfac
tion as they can get out of their attor
neys throueh civil process.
Frank Matthai shot and killed George
C. Stanley in a quarrel over a mag
nesite claim located in Xapa County.
The property was owned by Louise
Matthai and she began a suit for $25,
000 against the estate of Stanley for
magmesite used by Stanley from her
claim. This suit has been in court for
the last three years, and this morning
Judge Ogdcn struck the case from the
docket on the ground of lack of prose
cution.
For Lack of Prosecution
Oakland Women Lose a
Suit for $25,000 Damages
Well Known in Silver State.
Where He Sat on District
Bench for Twenty Years
?
Delegates March Out and
Hold a Meeting: at Cooks'
aid Waiters' Headquarters
HALL IS DESERTED
CASE GOES BY DEFAULT
A STANCH REPUBLICAN
Alameda County Convention
Breaks Up With Cries of
. Fraud and Heated Debates
Judge Samuel Id Wright,
Formerly of Nevada, Dies
at His Home in Berkeley
Kose and Louise Matthai Ac
cuse Attorneys of Willful
Neglect of Their Interests
UNION LABOR
FACTIONS WAR
DEATH CALLS
NOTED JURIST
SAY LAWYERS
WERE DERELICT
['¦¦Words are not wings. - ¦>
prohibiting tampering with wires,
which inflicts $500 fine upon convicted
persons, and it , is possible an attempt
will be made to secure greater pun
ishment for the accused. The name
of the professor who applied to the
Justice for information is unknown.
OAKLAND. Aug. 26.— Frank A.
Leach Jr. has been appointed manager
of Oakland Gas Light and Heat
Company. For six years Mr. Leach
had been assistant to John A. Britton.
who has been given the general man
agement of the California Gaa and
Electric Corporation.'
Is Manager of Gas Works.
FORESTIC MEMORIAL, SERVICES New
Century Circle of the Companions of the For
est in America, in accordance with a request
recently made to the subordinates of that or
canizatlon, will hold a memorial service to
morrow night in Its meeting place In the Al
cazar building. A well-arranged order of ex
ercises will be presented on that occasion.
OAKLAND, Aug. 26.— Mrs. Elizabeth
Kinslea, -grandmother of County Clerk
John P. Cook. : died last night at her
residence, 1222 Fourteenth street, at the
age of 85 years
Dies at Ripe Age.
OAKLAND, Aug. 26.— Articles of in
corporation of the Masonic Temple As
sociation of San Leandro were filed
with the County. Clerk to-day." The
purpose of the incorporation is to build
a two-story building at San Leandro.
The capital stock is $25,000 and the di
rectors are Klrby B. Smith, Albert L.'
Hansen, Oscar J. Lvnch, William Ful
ton, Charles W. McLaughlin, Herman
F. Schleter, Lucian D. McArdle, John
A. Holmgren, Albert H." Merrltt.
Masons Incorporate.
OAKLAND, Aug. 26. -«"Mrs. Anne
Snyder, the wife of S. P. Snyder, a
towerman in the employ of the South
ern Pacific Company, was found un
conscious at the corner of Fifth and
Alice streets at 4 o'clock this afternoon
and was taken to the Receiving Hos
pital, where she died an hour later
without regaining consciousness.
It was at first thought that the
woman was suffering from an epi
leptic fit, but the surgeons at the hos
pital later decided that she had taken
poison, whether with suicidal intent or
not has not been determined,
Mrs. Snyder was twice committed to
the State Hospital at Stockton about
two years ago, but was discharged as
cured. She was 50 years of age and
lived at 306 Second street. She leaves
three sons by a former marriage,
having been divorced from her first
husband. ; .
Mrs. Anne Snydcr Is Picked Up on the
Street and Dies Without Re- .
gaining Consciousness.
OAKLAND, Aug. 26.— "It was tha
cat," Quoth Mrs. Mabel Robinson when
she was arrested on a charge of shoot
ing a pistol at Mrs. Emma Verwelbe, a
shopkeeper in Allendale. That a shot
was fired was proved at the examina
tion of Mrs. Robinson to-day before
Justice of the Peace W. R, Geary, but
the weapon was discharged when, ac
cording to the testimony, Mrs. Ver
weibe was in her kitchen, next door to
ihe Robinson residence. On that show
ing and the fact that the accused pis-'
tol user was on her own premises, out
of sight of the complaining neighbor,
Mrs. Robinson was discharged.
v The women quarreled about a dun for
$6 40, which Mrs. Verweibe claimed wks
due from Mrs. Robinson. There was
not any doubt about the display of a
pistol, but the evidence was not suffi
cient to show that the weapon had been
fired while the storekeeper was within
range or sight. It was intimated that
Mrs. Robinson had sho^ at a cat after
Mrs. Verwelbe had* departed.
Dunning Creditor Fails to Sustain a
Charge That She Was Shot At
by Woman.
SURGEONS BELIEVE POISON,
CAUSED WOMAN'S DEATH
IT WAS THE CAT AND
NOT A HUMAN TARGET
OAKLAND, Aug. 26.— The following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Thomas C. Sel
lier, over 21, Forest Hill, and Josephine
Harrison, over 18, San Francisco; Wil
liam H. Godwin, over 21, and Mary S.
Chlng, over 18. both of San Francisco;
Harry Reed; 22, and Eva Connolly, 18,
both of Oakland; Edward C. Walter,
over 21, San Francisco, and Mary J.
Hanratty, over 18, Oakland. '-:. i . :
Marriage Licenses.
Because Mrs. Carrie K. HInsman told
her mother that she was going to let
a friend in San Francisco know when
she arrived in town, so that he might
call on her, savs her mother has ac
cused her of insanity and she is now
locked In the detention ward of the
Receiving Hospital.- Accused Is pre
possessing In appearance and says that
she has a baby a month old In Los
Angeles she is almost crazy to see, and
while she hates to blame her mother
declares she cannot understand her ac
tion.
Mrs. Hinsman has been twice a
widow, made so once by order of coilrt
and the last time by a visit of the
reaper.
She talked In seeming sanity about
her misfortune In her cell this after
noon. She says that her mother ob
jected to her 'receiving any visitors.
She is dependent upon her parents for
support, and says that she accompanied
her mother to Berkeley for a change
of -climate, as it was deemed advisable
for her to get away from Los Angeles.
Mrs. Kelley, the mother, in *a com
plaint sworn to before Justice of the
Peace Edgar at Berkeley this morning
charging her daughter with insanity,
states that the daughter writes and
telephones to men she does not know,
and that she also threatened to kill
her mother the other day with a pair
of scissors. Mother and daughter are
in California for their health, their
home being at St. Louis. Mrs Hinsman
denies her mother's charges. She says
she wants to go to her baby and that
she is very miserable.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Aug. 26.
OAKLAND, Aug. 26. — In order to es
cape being declared incompetent, aged
Andrew Frank, capitalist, married his
cousin's widow last Saturday in San
Francisco and it is stated the matter
will put a new light on the proceed
ings now before the court, as she will
demonstrate that she is fully able to
care for her own.
Frank is about seventy years of age
and subscribed to a petition to the
court to have himself declared incom
petent and his nephew, M. C. Peterson,
appointed his guardian. After the pro-i
ceedings had been begun he suddenly
developed a desire to retain his free
dom and while the matter was pend
ing m'arried Mrs. Katherine Saxen
meler, who gave her age to the license
clerk as forty-five.
Marriage of Seventy- Year-Old Andrew
Frank May Defeat Attempt to Have
Him Declared Incompetent.
Oakland Woman Arrested on
Complaint of Her Mother
on a Charge of Insanity
AGED CAPITALIST WEDS
TO PROVE HIS SANITY
SAYS DAUGHTER
WRITES TO MEN
OAKLAND, Aug. 26.— Eric Gustaf
sen, a sailor on the steam schooner
Coquille River, was arrested s this after
noon on a charge of robbery. At the
police station he declared that he was
the victim of the robbery, not the rob
ber. Gustafsen says that after he was
paid off yesterday he was robbed of
$10 by Captain Alder, commander of
the Coquille River.
The sailor says that after he had
been paid off the captain said that Gus
tafsen owed him $10, and that when he
refused to pay over the money th<;
first mate grasped him from behind and
held him while the captain relieved
him of the money. The Coquille River
has gone north for a cargo of lum
ber.
Eric Gustafsen of the Steamship Co
qulllc River Says Money Was
Taken From Him.
SAILOR ACCUSES HIS
CAPTAIN OP ROBBERY
OAKLAND, Aug. 26. — Suit was
brought against the United States
Guarantee and Fidelity Company aq
bondsman for former Constable Ed
Weidler, by the Dean Law and Collec
tion Agency to-day, to recover $542 50,
which it claims Weidler collected in
his capacity as constable and which he
appropriated to his own use. When it
was no -longer possible for Weidler to
conceal his operations he left town and
is no\y in Canada.
The amount sued for is made up of
claims as follows: Max D. Muller, $300;
John Doe Ramos, $30; C. L. Philbrick,
520; Morris Eppinger. $57 50; S. H.
Sluus, $? 05; Paul Droese, $18. To this
is added a penalty of $105 51.
Presses Claim Against Guaranty Com
pany for Amounts Collected by
Former Oakland Constable.
COLLECTION AGENCY SUES
ED WEIDLER'S BONDS31EX
The promptings of curiosity led the
youths to sally forth to inspect the
sign about 3 o'clock this morning, the
word having been passed around that
it was going to be put up. While en
gaged in admiring the legend, in the
company of some other students they
met, the police appeared. The quar
tet, having nothing to fear, walked
leisurely along, but the others fled. A
moment later the four were surrounded
by as many university guardians, who
ordered them to throw up their hands
and, by' way of emphasis, rubbed big
pistols against their noses.
To be arrested for nothing and
threatened with pistols besides the
youths thought was bad enough, but
their feelings were further outraged
when they were escorted to' the super
intendent's office. They were not only
placed under guard and lock, but hand
cuffed, too. They pleaded against this
unnecessary humiliation, but without
avail. v The policemen forced them to
remain Bitting in chairs for the rest
of the night and this morning took
them to the County Jail, where they
remained until friends balled them out.
"It was an outrageous proceeding, 1 '
said Schreiber, one of the; victims,
after his release. "In the first place, we
did nothing more • than look at the
sign. It had been strung before we ar
rived. Even if we had put it up, the
offense did not call for such unneces
sary measures to humiliate us. Su
perintendent's Bolton's policemen are
altogether too officious. The entire stu
dent body is incensed against the su
perintendent and I have received sym
pathy from all sides. I do not think
the matter will be ended with the
court proceedings, which I am confi
dent will be quashed."
All the young men arrested are well
connected. 'Besides having been Agui
naldo's secretary, . Buencamino's father
has held high office under the -new
government in. the Philippines and he
was one of the Filipino commissioners
to the t World's Fair. Taylor's uncle
is the Sheriff of Marin County. and the
others are sons of well- known San
Francisco business men.
A-university professor visited Justice
Edgar's court this afternoon and asked
some questions that would - indicate
that the university authorities will' pre
fer the graver charge of tampering
with electric light wires against the
accused youths. ~ There Is a State law
BERKELEY, Aug. 26.— Felipe Buen
camino <s as much an Insurrecto
against constituted authority in the
University of California as his illus
trious father of the same name used to
be against the United States when he
was Secretary of State in Agulnaldo'a
Cabinet. With three other students he
was arrested at an unseemly hour on
the university campus for participat
ing in a sophomore trick, ' designed to
confuse the freshies. As Buencamino
has been in trouble before, Professor
C. L. Cory having arrested him on last
Charter day night, he is likely now to
suffer the penalty of dismissal.
Buencamino's companions In this
night-time prank were D. W. Taylor,
H. TV. Schreiber and Clair Gordon.
They are accused of decorating- the
university grounds. The youths de
clare that they are not guilty. Their
arrest they characterize as an outrage,
and they are particularly Incensed
against Grounds Superintendent Bolton
and his minions, whom they charge
with overofflciousness. The students
intend to appeal to President Wheeler
for redress!
As the story comes from the lips of
the quartet, they were observing a
sign that had been put up on the
grounds by other students two hours
before they appeared on the scene. This
sign was of cloth and bore the legend,
"Welcome '08, Baby Class." It was
forty feet long and stretched on an
electric light wire between North and
South halls. ¦
F. Buencamino Runs
Afoul of University
Police.
SON OF FILIPINO STATESMAN
WHO WAS ARRESTED YESTER
DAY AT BERKELEY.
Alameda County.
TfUDAY, AUGUST 2t>.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Harlow P. Bancroft to Euraney Cook (wtfa
of Thomas), lot on S line of ; Moss avenue,
1SI.B7 W of Gold street, IV «7 by S 115, b
in« E 10 feet of lot 10O'-i. all lot 1U1 and V
2 feet of lot lOI^t. amended map of sub
division Mosswood Tract. Oakland: $10.
Sarah E. Eancroft (wife of H. P.) to Eu
rar.ey Cook, same Oakland, quitclaim de*d
110.
J&mes and Anne Rohan or Royan to Anton; >
A Sarment. lot en W line of Campbell stre«i,
150:7 3 of Railroad avenue, S 23 by W 75.
lot 23, block 3<!0, Gibbons property at Oak
land Point, Oakland: |1O.
B. C. and Elizabeth B. Fabriqu* to Fracli
Leberer. lot on E line of Sunny Slope avenue.
4.".2 N of Pleasant Valley avenue. N *» by Q
l-'5. lot Hi. block C, Suony Slope. Oak
land; ?.".
Jehanna O'Neill (widow) to Carl JeschUn,
lot 7. block V, map resubdlvislon Western
Tract Oakland, deed made to correct tit!-: $;•¦.
William N. Miller to Charlotte Miller <wif«>.
tot on .M line of Thirteenth street. 2SO \v of
West street. N 1(X), W 80, S 1<SO. E «:. u
tx-gir.nins. Oakland: $1U
B. II. and LHlle J.'Weleh (wife) to M*ry
A<JelaKle Glvens. Jot on NW line of Fifth
avenue 150 N'E of East Elzhteenth stren.
NE 6«> by NW 125 block 103, Clinton, East
Di;klanl. 910.
Pacific Coast Loan Association to Angelina
P. Brown (wife of 8. G.). lot on SW enrmr
of Hamilton and Lincoln streets, W 13>.;«.
S 13i.t». E m.t)l. N i:$3. lota 20. 20 an4
portion lot 2S, block B. map portion plat tW,
surveyed March. 1S7U. Berkeley; 110.
Sanf.ir.l G. Brown to Angellne P. Brown,
same. Berkeley; gitt. •
Mary L.. and Silas F. Gllmore to Kmrr.j. L.
E. Gilllhan. lot on S line of College way (now
Hearst .avenue). DO W of Milvia. street. W
45 by S 136.60, lot 3, block •'*. map Sea Vl»w
Park, portion plat 79. etc. Berkeley; SlOl
Fdwani and Irene W. Brown tu J. H. An
ke!e let en SE Itne of Schiller street, 157:fJ
NE of Santa Clara avenue. NE 50 by SE ICS,
Alameda; silt.
Harvey H. and Lillle P. Dana to "W. H.
Donahue, lot on N lin* of Central avenue «a*
widened to 80> 343 IV of Grand street (3D fe*t
wide). W 75 by N 1-17:6. block 7. map Encinal
and landa adjacent, Alameda; $10.
Louisa H. Dowdls (widow) to Louisa H.
Do-wflle et al.. lot on W Una of Chestnut str»>*t.
191 N of West Twelfth (a» .n 1S«8), N ."50 by
W 132. block R73, Boardman's map, Oakland;
Sift.
H. P. and Sarah E. Bancroft <hy Harlow
P. Bancroft, attorney) to Aucusta Simons
(single). lot» 20 and 21. blook K. map Santa
Fc Tract No. -', Oakland, deed and agreement;
fia
Continental Buildlnjr and Loan Association
to Cecil A. E. Hitchcock, lot on E corner of
Rose (now Mont? Vista > and Piedmont ave
nn«>. SE 10O by NE 50. portion plat 19. K*\
lersberRer"5» map Kanchos V. and D. Peralta.
Oakland; $l<>.
Ellen Smith (widow) to John Francis" Lynch,
lot on N line of Park or Thirty-fifth street.
477;« E of San Pablo avenue. E 2." by N ll_\
lot 12 ,map No. 2, Mitchell Tract. Oakland;
110.
Henry W. Franck' (single) to Louise Fram-fc
(sister) lot on N line of Jones street. 2.M» W
of Telegraph avenue. TV 10H, N HKJ;1 to >»
line of Jones Tract. E to point distant 3t'&
perj*ndicularly from W line of Telrnraph ave
nue, N 1 Inch, thence at rJjrht angle E and
parallel with N line of Jones street — S at
right angle parallel with W line of Telegraph
avenue, 103. to beginning, corrected map Jones
Tract. Oakland: $10.
Berry-Bangs Land Company to Jakle K.
Barber, lot on E line of Resent street. 3f>5 M
of A*hby avenue. N 50 by C lfirt. lot IS. block
M. Berry-Bans« Tract, map No. 2. Berkeley,
deed and agreement: Sto.
SOCIETY BELLE FALLS
WHILE RIDING nORSE
Miss Helen Lenders Is Thrown and
Has Her Collarbone Fractured.
at San Leamlro.
OAKLAND. Aug. 26.— Miss Helen
Landers, sister of Miss Pearl Lan
ders, and a belle in San Francisco so
ciety, fell from a horse aad broke her
collarbone while riding near San Le
andTo this morning. Miss Lander3 was
taken to San Francisco for treatment.
She had been staying at the Landers
country home at San Leandro.
PROMINENT JAPANESE
, TO TAKE A FAIR BRIDE
Ihu?c Okubo, a Little Brown Dentist
Practicing: Here, Will Marry
Waka Iseri This Evening.
I Ihuge Okubo, a Japanese dentist,
will take a fair maid from the Mikado's
land for his wife. At the Japanese
Presbyterian Church,' 121 Haight street,
this evening Rev. K. Inazawa will tie
the knot that will make Mlsa Waka
Iseri Mrs. Okubo. * , -
The groom is a prosperous dentist,
being one of the only two licensed Jap
anese dentists in California. Miss
Iseri arrived here on the steamship
Siberia on its last trip, coming directly
from her native land, where she re
cently graduated from college. She
reads English well but does not speak
it. .
Ihuge Okubo me^t his bride when ho
was a boy, attending the college of
which her uncle was president. He was
a favorite of the uncle, who promised
that he would eive his niece to iiirn
some day. Okubo came to this coun
try more than ten years ago. In his
spare time he studied dentistry at the
College of Physicians and Surgeons.
He took the last examination of the
State Board cf Dental Examiners and
passed.' He prospered at his profession
and sent home for his bride.
The Rev. Hugh W. Fraser, pastor of
Brooklyn Presbyterian Church, has
been requested, with practical unanim
ity, by his large congregation, to with
draw his letter of resignation and he
has accepted the invitation. This ac
tion disposes of a bit of a strained sit
uation which had 4 developed apparently
out of thin air in one of Oakland's larg
est church organizations.
Several weeks ago Dr. Fraser was
approached by one of the church offi
cers, who suggested that the pastor's
resignation might be acceptable. It
was hinted that members had become
dissatisfied with the spiritual life of
the church, that the standard did not
seem to have been maintained. This
and some vague criticisms were made,
much to the amazement of Dr. Fraser
and some of his stanch friends, with
whom he conferred as soon as the dis
turbing rumors reached his ears.
Investigation was set on foot and it
was decided to test, as soon as church
law gave opportunity, the real senti
ment of the parishioners. To this end,
in accordance with Presbyterian rule,
the pastor wrote a letter to his con
gregation reque'sting them to join wrth
him in a letter to the Presbytery of
Oakland, urging that ruling body to
withdraw the pastor from his charge.
That letter was the basis of a called
meeting of the congregation, which was
held Wednesday night during the pas
tor's absence at Hay wards. The/sltu
atlon was threshed out from all points
of view. The rumors were sifted and
out of it all not a thing tangible was
foui>d. There had been a little indi
vidual discussion of church affairs
which had enlarged beyond the scope
it had been intended to take. Hence
the disquieting aspect the "tempest in
a teapot" assumed.
The course of Dr. Fraser. during his
five years of pastorate was approved
cordially.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1016 Broadway, Aug. 26.
It was reported to me that the baby's death
was not from a natural cause; that there were
«o many suspicious circumstances surround iruc
the casft that I should be remiss unless I made
a very careful Inquiry. The child 'died from
hunger, and the father Is so 111 from starvation
that the doctors at the County Hospital say
he is in a serious condition. The mother Is in
like state and is also deficient mentally. As
soon as I have received a detailed, 'report from
the autopsy surg-eon. Dr. J. K. Warner of
Livermore, I shall hold an Inquest. •
Father and mother near death from
starvation and their three-month-old
child in the hands' of the Coroner from
the same cause is the piteous plight
of Frank 'Galindo and his wife, re
vealed to-day through an investigation
which was made by Coroner H. - B.
Mehrmann.
Barely alive, the father was sent to
the County Infirmary by the Coroner's
order this afternoon. The mother was
taken in charge by people at Liver
more, where the family afrived
Wednesday, the baby having* died
while they were nearing. the town after
a hard trip from Red Bluff.
It was because of. a rumor that the
baby had died from unnatural causes
which led Coroner Mehrmann to begin
an inquiry of the circumstances. He
found that the family had left Red
Bluff Sunday in a wagon. The hard
journey of 250 miles under stress- of
great poverty, with lack of proper
nourishment for either the parents or
the child, caused the infant's death.
It was not until this afternoon that
the Coroner discovered that the hus
band and wife were in such a critical
condition. Galindo, it had been re
ported, was shamming illness to avoid
questioning about the death of his
child. The fact was that he was actual
ly starving and could barely be moved
to the hospital. Mrs. Galindo's phys
ical condition was accentuated by a
manifest weakening of her mental fac
ulties.
. Galindo has relatives residing near
Livermore. It was through them, ac
cording to the report that was filed
with the Coroner, that the suspicions
were aroused concerning the baby's
death.
Coroner Mehrmann ordered rn au
topsy to be held in the case of the
child and he will conduct an Inquest
to-morrow. The father, the Coroner
said, had been confined for a term rn
a State Prison, and this fact also had
a bearing upon the rumors that had
been spread concerning the baby's end.
Touching the case, Coroner Mehr
mann.said: , — .- .... . . %T:."^
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Aug. 26.
Inquiry as to Suspicious
Report Uncovers Piteous
State of Wayfaring Trio
*
Dr. Fraser Withdraws Let
ter After Hearty Motion
of Confidence Is Adopted
VOTE ON RESIGNATION
MOTHER IS VERY ILL,
Congregation of Brooklyn
Presbyterian Church Dis-
Disquieting Humors
Father Taken to Hospital
in Serious Condition From
a Lack of Nourishment
SUSTAINS WORK
OF THE PASTOR
BABY SUCCUMBS
TO STARVATION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL", SATURDAY, AUGUST 27, 1904.
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
SON OF NOTED
FILIPINO IS
ARRESTED
6
FREE. • FREE.
It Gives Strength to the Weak—
Maintains the Strength of
the Strong.
D. GHIRARDELLI'S
GROUND CHOCOLATE
AND
BREAKFAST COCOA.
i'REE TO WANT AD
PATRONS OF THE CALIi.
Those who bring to our office
a want ad for Sunday will re-
ceive free a ONE-POUND CAN.
Sec announcement on classl- -.
lied advertising page.
OAKLAND.
1016 Broadway.
» Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Strrct.
Telephone North "7.
ALlAMEDA.
1133 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 559.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Are You Interested in the Condition of four
TEETH?
Do you want them to look well and
work well? To be free from pain? To
be out <lf your mouth if they have
passed beyond usefulness? To be filled
¦with a permanent composition' If de-
cayed? Do you want to have the neces-
sary
DENT/%1^ WORK.
Done at moderate- cost? If you do,
come to
Post-Graduate Dental College,
3 TATLOE ST.. SAN TS AS CISCO.
973 Washington St.. Oakland.
San Job*. • • Sacramento.COLUMBUS, O., Aug. 26.— Peter
Sells, the well known showman, suffer
ed a stroke of paralysis to-day. .His
physicians regard his condition as crit
ical, y"
Well-Known Showman Is III.
SEASIDE, Or., Aug. 26. — Lawrence
Sullivan of Portland, one of the best
known aallor boarding-house men on
the coast, was shot here this afternoon
by Frank. Moody, a gambler who lives
in the same city. The wound : is 'not
serious. A quarrel over a gambling
deal caused the shooting.
Gambler Uses His Revolver.
SEATTLE, Wash.. Aug. 26.— Officers
of the steamship Victoria, arriving to
day, report that robbers held up the
Mattle Placer Mine at. Nome, relieving
the sluice boxes of about $3000 in j gold
dust. Joseph Schubert/ engineer of the
mine, was felled to the ground with a
sandbag and bound and gagged.
Robbers Hold Up a Nome Mine.
LIAOYANG, Thursday, Aug. 25.—Ac
cording to the best Information obtain
able, the Japanese are prepared for a
desperate attack on Liaoyang, in
which, the Japanese say, they are con
fident cf success. Siege guns have been
sent from Yinkow to Tatcheklao, In
tended for use against General Kuro
patkin's position.
A currous indication at the Japanese
positions of the methodical preparation
for a bijr battle is the fact that 10,000
wooden boxes, in which It is intended
to place the ashes of the killed, who
are to be cremated on the battlefield,
have been delivered in the neighbor
hood of Liaoyang, and that 800 Chinese
have been engaged to burn the bodies
of those who may be killed.
The present disposition of the Japan
ese forces Is as follows: General
Kuroki, with 100,000 men, is between
Khoyan and Gutziatsya; General
Nodzu. with 60,000 men, is on the line
between Simoucheng and Khalin, and
General Oku, whose force has been
Curious Indication of Japanese Prep
aration for Great Battle.
BOXES FOR ASHES OF DEAD.
DES MOINES, Aug. 26.— Robert Par
rott, discoverer of the famous Parrott
mine at Butte, JIonL, died here to-day
in moderate circumstances at. the age
of 75 years. As a young man Parrott
went West and while prospecting dis
covered the great copper mine which
bears his name. He did not profit
greatly by bis discovery and hl3 estate
will not exceed $6000. He sold his mine
in a few years to Marcus Daly.
Discoverer of Famous Mine Dies in
Comparatively Poor Circumstances
AGED MINER IS DEAD.
SAN JOSE.. Aug. 26. — The Prohibi
tion State Convention to-day made the
following nominations: Presidential
Electors — At large — C. T. Clark, Napa;
C. J. Hall, Los Angeles; First Dis
trict — W. O. Clark, Dry town; Second
District — J. G. Wright, Woodland;
Third District— A. H. Southwlck, Oak
land; Fourth District — A. C. Bane,
San Francisco; Fifth District — John
A. B. Wilson, San Francisco; Sixth
District — Joel H. Smith, Selma;
Seventh District — J. E. McComas. Po
mona: Eighth District — W. T. Eddy,
Templeton.
Congressmen: First District — Dr. J.
L. Rollins, 'Colfax; Second District —
E. P. Lacelle, Santa Rosa; Third Dis
trict — Dr. Bates Morris, Concord;
Fourth District-— H. R. 1 Chapln, San
Francisco; Fifth District — Dr. George
E. Pratt, San Jose; Sixth District—
Julian' N. Hudson, Selma; Seventh
District — Colonel John Sobreskl, Los
Angeles; Eighth District— B. F. Choes.
Rialto. Associate Justice — James A.
Blanchard, Los Angeles.
The convention closed to-night with
a street meeting, which^was addressed
by Rev. J.W. Webb of Fresno.
Prohibition Party Closes Its Convent
tion at the Garden City.
NAMES A FULL TICKET.
Death Calls Aged Educator.
NEWPORT. R. I., Aug. 26.—Profes
sor Charles TV. Shields, one of the lead
ing teachers in the scientific depart
ment of Princeton University,' died to
day from heart disease, aged 75 years.
All Registered Voters
Are requested to call and sign petition
for higher liquor license at Civic Coun
cil. 29 Columbian building. 9IS Market
street. ! Open from 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. un
til September 8. . •
SOCIALIST CONVENTIONS.— OAKLAND
Aug. 26. — The California State Convention or
Socialists will be held ' Monday. September 5.
In this city. District and county conventions
will be held Sectetnber 9.
Calif omlam In New' York.
NEW YORK, Aug. 26.— The following
Californlans have registered at the
hotels In New York:
From San Francisco — E. Algeltinger,
at the Hoffman; Mrs. A. Curtic, at the
Albemarle; T. E. Ehrenberg, at the
Gilsey House; Miss F. Guigg, at the
Everett; Miss M. Hayden and J. Hay
den, at the Continental; I* B. Morton,
at the Herald Square; Mrs. "W. P.
Nlelson and AT' W. Nlelsoa, at the
Everett; E. A. Roure, at the Kensing
ton; J. Stelnberger, at the Imperial;
Mrs. J. F. Swift, at the Albemarle; R.
J. Wetmore. at the Criterion; Miss A.
H. "Wilk and Mrs. R. Wilk, at the Ken
sington; TV. Morrlssey, at the Park
Avenue, and C. L. Vulcanovltch and
wife, at the America. •
From Los Angeles — D. R. Brearley
and .TV. J. Lawless and wife, at the
Murray Hill; A. M. Mixer, at the Ash
land House; Mrs. A. A. Payne, at the
Murray Hill: Mrs. M. Raley, at the
Ashland; Miss A. Vose, at the Ken
sington; Miss M. Davis, at the "Wel
lington; A. Petsch and wife, at the
Broadway Central, and Miss E. S.
Stockard. at^the Wellington.
INJTTRED IX A RUNAWAY". — Gtors* P.
n»a!y or 034 Taylor avenue. Alameda. and G.
A. Linux of ST4 OSar rtreet, A!am<?4a, Tr?re
Injured In a reniray accMeat yesterday after
r.ocn. The tnen were lockir.* at some property
for which they are a*-»rt« when the horse be
rasrse frlrhtea^d and ran down Alverado etreet
to Tirer.tr-*eecr.d. Healy JUTrped from th«
t.urET. fc^t Larotix held fait to the relr.s until
? be r»hic!e oTertorned. H»aly «ur>red a
£eufcle fracture of the lejr and Laroux's arm
«•** br^k-n by the fall. The m»n were taken
to tne Receiving Hospital, -xher* their Injuries
were treated by Dr. P':r.k!-jRin.
CHICAGO, Aug. 26.— Word was re
ceived this afternoon from Pasadena.
Cal., that Mrs. James H. McVlcker,
wife of the famous theatrical manager,
died suddenly last night in that city.
3IcVicker*s Widow Passes Away.
The cantata of "Queen Esther," un-
Cer the auspices of the Coterie Club,
was given last evening at Golden Gate
Hall. €25 Sutter street, for the benefit
of the Fifteenth-street African Metho
dist Church.
Cantata of Queen Esther.
In his opinion Judge Dickey said the
action was an entirely new one in the
courts, but he came to the conclusion
that the arbitration agreement was not
enforceable by the means sought, or by
any other method, for the reason
stated.
"It is well settled," said the court,
"that an employer has a right to em
ploy and discharge any one he pleases,
and a workman may work or refuse to
work at will."
NEW YORK, Aug. 26.— On the
ground that the agreement is not a mu
tual or reciprocal one, Supreme Court
Justice Dickey to-day denied an appli
cation by the Mosaic and * Encaustic
Tile Layers for an injunction to re
strain the Building Trades Employers'
Association from "ordering, maintain
ing or continuing:" a lockout In an al
leged violation of an arbitration agree
ment entered into between the associa
tion and representatives of the labor
unions on July 3, 1903.
Denied Injunction Sought to Prevent
Employing Builders' Lockout.
TILE-LAYERS ARE LOSERS.
the St. Louis exposition. The children
left at home played with matches and
caused the blaze. They were informed
that none of the children were injured,
although the house and barn were
burned and a horse was cremated. -
Dr.. Redmond and Ms wife continued
on their way to the fair without re
turning to view the ruins of their home.
Indiana Couple Refuse to Turn Back
When Told Their Residence
Is In Flames.
LOGANSPORT. Ind., Aug. 26.— "Come
on, Sarah, we'll build another when we
get back," said Dr. C. A. Redmond to
his wife, when informed that their
home was burning.
Theyhad started to take a train for
LEAVE HO3EE IN ASHES
TO VISIT WORLD'S FAIR
SALT LAKE. Utah, Aug. 26.— David
H. Cannon, who was nominated for
presidential elector by the Republican
State Convention yesterday, has de
clined the nomination. It is under
stood that he was advised to do so
on the ground that his being a polyga
mist might prejudice the chance of suc
cess of the ticket. The State commit
tee at once filled the vacancy by put
ting Judge James A. Miner, a Gentile,
on the ticket.
Cannon Is the keeper of the Mormon
Temple at St. George, Utah, and is a
brother of the late George Q. Cannon,
first councillor to Brigham Young.
Elector in Utah.
Mormon Will Not Be a Candidate for
DECLINES NOMINATION.
"The packers have said just what
they said before: that they are run
ning their plants and have nothing to
arbitrate, and that there is no reason
why they should confer with the men.
"We heard a review of the entire strike
trouble, and the packers say that in
every city, except Chicago and Omaha,
the strike Is over, and they assert that
75- per cent as many men as they em
ployed in Chicago before the strike arc
now turning out 92 per cent of the nor
mal output."
Labor leaders to-night announced
that in all probability the butchers'
strike would be "settled peaceably" be
fore next "Wednesday. They declined
to explain the cause of their belief, but
were positive in their statements that
the strike would not be called off.
CHICAGO, Aug. 26.— The conference
of the committee appointed earlier in
the week to attempt a settlement of the
stockyards strike with the parties to
the disDUte resulted in nothing. There
is no present prospect of peace, and
the chances of an agreement between
the packers and the strikers being
reached appear very meager. The strike
leaders appeared before the committee
this morning arid stated their side of
the case: They did not suggest to the
Aldermanic committee that it make any
overtures to the packers, but simply
gave their side of the case. Represen
tatives of the packers then appeared
before the committee. After a session
that lasted three hours, Mayor Harri
son said: '
Packers Keiterate the State
ment That Services of Ar
bitrators Are Xot Needed
NE%V YORK. Aug. 26.— R. G. Dun &
Co/s review of trade to-morrow will
say: Trade has improved somewhat,
chiefly because of better prospects and
the fact that last week's variations in
prices of steel products failed to de
moralize that industry. The industrial
atmosphere is still deterred by the la
bor controversies, however, and it will
be impossible to restore national pros
perity until the proportion of volun
tarily unc-mployed wage earners is
greatly reduced.
Dispatches from leading cities indi
cate irregular conditions, but there is
increasing confidence in the future.
Prospects are considered bright on the
Pacific Coast, because of the high
prices for farm products. Foreign com
merce at this port for the last week
was unfavorable, exports showing a
less cf $1,031,905, as compared with the
came week last year, while Imports
decreased $3,267,7:3.
Liberal purchases by prominent in
terests gave an additional strength to
the hide market, but trade in foreign
hides is restricted by limited receipts.
Failures this week numbered 205 In
the United States, against 116 last year,
and In Canada 20, as compared with 33
a year ago.
Lalx>r Trouble*. However. Will Have
Kffect on Industries.
TRADE IS IMPROVING.
E0TH SIDES -AEEHEAED
NEW YORK, Aug. 26.— Charges by
the Bar Association against George Al
fred Lamb, who was attorney in the
Peter Power proceedings against the
Northern Pacific Railroad Company,
were sustained to-day by George H.
Abbott, a referee, to whom the matter
had been referred. The referee's re
port has been filed with the appellate
division of the Supreme Court. Refer
ring to the Northern Pacific stock al
leged to have been the property of
Power, the referee said:
"The certificate was never assigned
to Peter Power, as far as anything ap
pears on its face, nor was it ever de
livered to him. It does not appear that
any consideration for any stock of said
corporation ever passed from Power to
Lamb, to Weidenfeld or anybody else.
The whole proceedings, to my mind,
savor of fraud, deceit and duplicity."
Savored of Fraud, Deceit
and Duplicity.
Says Proceedings in Merger Case
REFEREE SUSTAINS CHARGES
AGAINST LAWYER LAMB
DEVILS LAKE, Aug. 26.—Registra
tion and drawing for claims on the
Devils Lake Indian Reservation is now
over and the preparations for the fil
ings, which will commence September
6 and last until Saptember 13, are now
being made.
The filings will be made at the rate
of fifty names a day. On September
19 the claims not filed on. should there
be any, by the winners thereof, will be
counted and the reserve lfst of 400
names drawn upon and a sufficient
number of persons will be notified of
their right to file.
Reservation Lands Will Com
mence September 6.
Filing on the Devils Lake Indian
PREPARING TO RECEIVE
CLAIMS OF HOMESTEADERS
BERLIN, Aug. 26. — Professor Up
hues' statue of Frederick the Great, to
be presented to the United States by
Emperor "William, and which has been
standing all summer in the sculptor's
garden, was packed yesterday and
shipped to Hamburg. It will be for
warded to America by one of the Ham
burg-American line steamers, con
signed to Embassador von Sternberg.
It has been understood that a delega
tion of descendants of Germans who
fought in the American wafof inde
pendence would be sent by the German
Government to attend the presentation
ceremonies in Washington October 16.
but the Foreign Office is unaware of
such a plan. All the arrangements
have been intrusted in Embassador von
Sternburg, who, for the occasion, acts
as Emperor "William's special repre
sentative.
Statue of Frederick the Great For
warded to Hamburg From
Sculptor's Garden.
EMPEROR WILLIAM'S GIFT
WILL SOON BE SHIPPED
The affair was under the direction o£
W. O. Patch. P. J. Hagan. J. "W. Sktnk
win, D. F. Shea, James Glacken. John
Graham, C. E. Callen, TV. J. Rlley, W.
A. Kelly, James D. Rodney, John Be
donl, F. L. Bray, W. J. Hamilton. J. E.
Gallagher, M. J. Russell and Charles
D. Lowe. ¦U' 1
After an orchestral prelude Past
Grand President James D. Whalen
briefly spoke of the purpose of ths
*neeting. He then introduced Arch
: bishop Montgomery, who expressed the
regrets of his Grace Archbishop Rior
dan at being unable to be present.
The Junior prelate presented the con
gratulations of his senior, as well as
\ his own felicitations, on the Institute's
having attained Its majority, and ex
pressed their hopes that It would con
tinue to increase and prosper. The
speaker paid a tribute to the founders
of the organization, and declared that,
while not a strictly temperance organ
ization, it had been and still was a po
tent factor in making men temperate
in the use of liquor. He said that ths
organization started with high Ideals,
as expressed in Its motto "Pro Deo,
j Pro Patria," and that, in addition to
' its work of benevolence, it had lived
up to its motto. He declared that ha
was sorry 20,000 Catholic young men
in San Francisco had not yet Joined
[the organization. i ..-."*..':'
The following programme followed
the Archbishop's address:
Barytone solo, from prologue of "PMTllaoei.**
Signor Domenico Bor«he»e of the ITvoU Op«r»
Company: remarks. Jamea ntzyerald. O. P.;
specialties. M. J. Htb«: remarka, T. 3.
Klerce. supreme president; cornet iclow Sl*aae
T. Valerga; soprano «olo, Mary C Mead; re
marks. L* E. Maban; specialties. Fred J. CCoa
nell.
The Alhambra Theater was crowded
last night by an audience that assem
bled for the purpose of celebrating the
twenty-first anniversary of the found-
Ing of the Toung Men's Institute In
this city, -and at the same time tender
ing a reception to the officers who were
elected at the recent session of the
Grand Council held in Crockett. The
theater was prettily decorated In pa
triotic colors, and the stage was occu
pied by Archbishop Montgomery and
prominent members of the clergy, and
by nast and present supreme and grand
officers.
Committee of Aldermen Ap
pointed by Mayor Unable
to Settle Chicago Strike
Anniversary of Founding yi
Young Men ? s Institute
Is Appropriately Observed
Their operations in are sup
ported from Gutziatzy, three miles
higher up the Lian River and along
the Taitse River, as shown in the dis
patch reporting that the Russian front
south of the Taitse River was engaged
and that General Kuroki was simul
taneously moving on Liandiansian,
along the high road, as reported from
Liaoyang last night, and by the fact
that another Japanese column Is mov
ing on Liandiansian along the south
road from'SIaolindzy, ten miles north
east of Haicheng.
That General Kuropatkin has fore
seen these various movements Is shown
by the manner in which the attack on
Tanzapu was met and by the repulse
of the Japanese at Slaolindzy.
ST. PETERSBURG, Aug. 26.— After
a four weeks' interval the Japanese
have resumed their advance against
General Kuropatkin's positions. The
opposing armies are in contact east
and south of Liaoyang and fighting
has been in progress since Wednes
day. The advices at hand are too
meager to enable the officials to form
a correct opinion as to whether it will
result in a general engagement, but the
extent and character of the Japanese
movement leads to that conclusion*
Since the rains ceased a week ago
there have been continued Intimations
that General Kuropatkin was about to
assume the offensive, but instead of
that it was the Japanese who attacked
the Russian commander's eastern and
southern positions. A Japanese col
umn, 30,000 strong, was reported on
Tuesday to be marching up the right
bank of the Lian River, which would
seem to indicate that three Japanese
armies are co-operating In enveloping
three sides of Liaoyang. From the
meager accounts received it appears
that General Kuroki selected Tantzla
pudze as the point for his attempt to
drive the wedge into Kuropatkin's out
er defenses at Anping and Liandian
sian, which are situated, respectively,
ten miles northwest and southwest qf
Tantxlapudze, the latter being on the
Lian River, eight miles above the con
fluence of the Taitse River, whence a
mountain ridge runs westward.
The fact that the Japanese are pre
paring pontoons at the Taitse River
was noted in these dispatches several
days ago. The capture of this bridge
will be the first obstacle of the Japan
ese and doubtless will entail severe
fighting, in which the Japanese proba
bly count on the superiority of their
mountain guns. If they be successful,
the Russian position at Anping and
Liandiansian will become precarious.
Japanese Armies on Three Sides of
Kurbpatkin's Position.
KURORTS PLAN OF ATTACK.
Repairing Vladivostok Ships.
VLADIVOSTOK, 1 Aug. 26.— Repairs
on the cruisers Rossia and Gromoboi
are proceeding with feverish, haste and
it is believed the vessels will soon be
ready to resume operations at sea,
strengthened both in defensive power
and by their experience in the recent
battle with Vice Admiral Kamimura's
ships.
PEACE SEEMS
TO BE DISTANT
ST. PETERSBURG, ) Aug. 26.— It is
reported that Samsonoff, the assassin
of Von Plehve, has been sentenced to
death and that the sentence is now
before the Emperor. The reports which
have been circulated about Samsonoff
having escaped and also that he was
dead are declared to be false.
Von Plehve's Slayer Sentenced.
HARD TASK YET TO COME.
Japanese Besiegers Must Take the
Russian Forts One by One.
CHEFU, Aug. 26. — A Russian who
has an intimate knowledge of the Port
Arthur fortifications explains that
there are three forts known as number
five. This accounts for the various and
IS TWENTY-ONE
TEARS OF AGE
FIELD HEADQUARTERS OF THE
SECOND JAPANESE- ARMY (un
dated), via . Fusan, Korea, AUg." 26.—
The second Japanese army is resting a
few miles from the Russian outposts.
A great battle in the vicinity of Liao
yang is expected daily. The Russian
position there is strongly fortified and
intrenched. The Japanese army Is in
excellent condition, notwithstanding
the terrific work of the last three
months.
Japanese Expect Great Battle.
ST. PETERSBURG, Aug. 26.— The
Emperor has telegraphed his and the
Empress' thanks to the monks of the
St. Seraphim Monastery in reply to
their congratulations on the birth of
an heir to the throne. The Emperor
has also presented a magnificent dia
mond and sapphire pectoral cross to
Father John of Kronstadt, upon whose
advice the Emperor and Empress can
onized St. Seraphim, Father John pre
dicting that they would-be certain to
have a son and heir.
Czar r s Gift to Father John.
One correspondent, under date of
August 26, says that the Japanese
hold a fortified line one mile north of
Haicheng. and that on August 25
thirty-two Japanese cannon were de
stroyed in a battle to the westward.
BERLIN, Aug. 26. — Dispatches to
the Lokal Anzelger from Liaoyang in
dicate that the Japanese have not occu
pied Anshanshan, but have advanced
barely beyond Haicheng on the south
front.
Thirty-Two Big Guns Destroyed In
Battle Near Huicheng.
JAPANESE LOSE CANNON.
ST. PETERSBURG, Aug. 26.— The
"War Office was much elated to-day at
the receipt of a dispatch from Lieu
tenant General Stoessel. dated Port
Arthur, August 22, reporting that the
Japanese had at last been exhausted
by their attacks and that the bombard
ment had been suspended. Full de
tails regarding the dispatch are not
available, but it probably is similar to
the Chefu dispatch of yesterday, an
nouncing the repulse of the Japanese,
with heavy losses, in their attacks upon
Fort No. 1 and Fort Etzshan.
Says Besiegers Are Exhausted and
Bombardment Has Ceased.
STOESSEL REPORTS VICTORY.
"The trend in that direction is eo
certain at present that I have often
wondered if some day we would point
at gome old man or woman in Connec
ticut cr Virginia as the last of the
.pure American race. Just as now we
point to the few shriveled Indians out
West as the last of the original Amer
icans.
"In New England the disappearance
of pure American families is particu
larly noticeable. In Boston most of
the prominent merchants and business
men. are foreigners. The manufactur
ing establishments and farms are in
the hands of* foreigners. In a visit I
recently paid to my old home there
I ( was astonished to note the influx
of foreign biood.
"The old families are disappearing.
The young folk, not caring for farm
life, move away to the cities, and the
j»!d folk are dying off.
c 'This preponderance of foreigners in
business is startling when you look
• into it. Just recently I took a ride
up Broadway. New York, out of curi
- shy and looked for some good old
American names among the thousands
of business signs on that thoroughfare,
fn.jm Battery to Thirty-fourth street.
The dearth of good old American
narr.ts like Adams, Green, Smith or
Jones was startling. There was a great
abundance of foreign names."
CALL BUREAU. HOTEL BARTON,
WASHINGTON. Aug. 26.— There is a
unanimous agreement among those of
ficers who have made a study of immi
gration that citizens of pure American
blood are rapidly growing scarce. Con
tinuous excessive immigration, the su
premacy of foreigners -in many lines
of busi-ess and race suicide among the
old American families are the princi
pal reasons to which tnis condition
is attributed.
A prominent official of the Bureau
ft Immigration said:
Er*d«J I>i»j>*.tch to The Call
ST. PETERSBURG, Aug. 26.— The
Baltic fleet, which called from-:Kron
stadt last night on a trial cruise, con
sisted of twenty warships. ..
The fleet consists of the battleships
Souvaroff (flagship). »Borodino, Alex-,
ander III, Oslabya ana Orel ; the cruis
ers Dmitri Donskori.Aurora, Zemtchug,
Izumrud and Almaza. and the trans-,
ports Okean and Kamtchatka, with a '¦
number of torpedo boat destroyers.
While it is officially stated that the
fleet is bound on a trial cruise, it is;
believed by many that the warships
will, not return to Kronstadt unless in
the case of a serious breakdown, but
that they will put into Llbau, where
they will be Joined by the auxiliary
cruisers, colliers and torpedo boat'de
stroyers built at Llbau and Reval, and
there await their ultimate start for the
Far East.
No decision has been reached, so far
as known here, by the French author
ities regarding the duration of the stay
of the Russian cruiser Diana at Sai
gon, French Indo-China. It is under
stood that her damages are not serious
and if France demand her. disarma
ment she will put to sea and possibly
return to European waters.
CONSTANTINOPLE. Aug. 26.— The
Russian Navigation Company's steam
ships Yenona and Meteor, laden with
coal, eupplies and fresh water, tra
versed the Bosphorus yesterday. They
are said to be on the way to Join the
Baltic squadron.
SHANGHAI, Aug. 26.— The work of
disarming the Russian warships Askold
and Grozovot. will begin on Monday.
The Japanese declare that there will
not be a repetition here of the Rye
shitelni incident at Chefu.
ANTWERP, Belgium, Aug. 26.— Th»
oil tanks at Hoboken, three miles from
here, containing about 26,500,000 gallons
of petroleum, are ablaze, together with
all the sheds, wagons and parapher
nalia. The fire started at the Russian
company's tanks through the Ignition
of escaping gas and the flames quickly
spread to the Standard Oil Company**
tanks. A high wind fanned tho fire.
Troops are assisting the firemen to
localize the conflagration.
The firemen say that nothing can be
done except to allow th» fire to burn
itself out. The estimates of the losses
run Into millions of francs.
The Standard Oil Company's nins
tanks contained €9,000 barrels of olL
They are a total loss, but were Insured
for J24O.0OO.
One Russian oil firm lost 120,000 bar
rels, Insured for JISO.OOO.
Although a strong gale was blowing
toward the Scheldt, the quays were not
injured.
LONDON, Aug. 26.— A dispatch to a
news agency from Antwerp says that
seven workmen perished In the oil flre
at Hoboken and that only two out of
forty tanks escaped. The loss is esti
mated at $1,230,000. "\
ANTWERP, Aug. 27 (6 a. m.)-AU
the oil tanks are now on Cre. The wind
is strong and the effort to subdue the
flames seems to be futile. It is prob
able that the fire will rage for several
days. The fire presents a magnificent
spectacle and thousands have traveled
by train to see It. Three charred bodies
have been recovered. Many firemen
have teen Injured and two men ar«
missing.
CONDITIONS CHANGE
WITH IMMIGRATION
Supremacy of Foreigners
and Race Suicide Among
the Old Families Are Alter
ing the Nation's Character
Russia May Decide Not to
Disarm the Diana at *
"We must confess we prefer the
open, frank hostility with which the
United States has , been supplying
foodstuffs arid war material to Japan
to the hypocritical manner In which
England has been carrying on the
same trade."
ST. PETERSBURG, Aug. 26. — The
Xovoe Vremya presumes, now that the
Vladivostok squadron is' temporally
out of commission, contraband trade
will resume full -swing 1 , "especially
since the Smolensk — which has proved
to be the' Flying Dutchman to English
traders on the South African route —
Is now definitely headed off."
Comparing the methods of the two
countries, the Xovoe Vremya con
tinues: *
Russian Newspaper Prefers the Frank
Hostility of America.
SCORES GREAT BRITAIN'.
Flames Consume 26.500,000
Gallons of Petroleum and
Cause a Loss of §1.250.000
southeast of Liandiansian and pro
ceeded to construct earthworks and en
trenchments.
"At 5:15 a. m., August 25, one of the
enemy's batteries opened fire on the
village of Kofyntsa. A Russian bat
tery returned the fire successfully, not
withstanding the considerable distance
of the Japanese guns, and silenced the
latter.
'"Since the morning of August 25 a
force of the enemy, consisting at one
brigade of Infantry, with four batter
ies, has marched through the Sun
dakyha VaJley and repulsed two com
panies of our troops. In advancing
down the valley one company of the
Japanese advance guard came under
the fire of our battery, apparently Buf
fering heavy losa and was forced to
retire.
"On the morning of August 25 the
enemy placed in position two batteries
In front of Liandiansian and bom
barded our advance position. After a
brisk exchange of fire the enemy's in
fantry appeared from Erbakhe, moving
in the direction of Kamainsa. In the
artillery duel which" ensued at this
point our batteries Quickly silenced the
Japanese guns.
"About 11-o'clock in the morning our
advance post was ordered to retire on
the main position, and the Japanese
infantry occupied the wooded heights
west of Kamainsa, near Tassintun.
"Toward noon Japanese guns were
observed near Erbakhe, with about a
division of infantry. Four batteries
were seen to be concentrated between
Kamalnsa and Kaltasl.
"About 2 o'clock in the afternoon a
Japanese mounted battery, which was
advancing along a ridge toward Tas
sintun, was held up by the fire of our
guns and was prevented occupying the
position held by another battery, which
was silenced after suffering heavy loss.
"At 3 o'clock in the afternoon large
bodies of the enemy were observed
constructing entrenchments on the
heights south of Sanpu, and at 4 o'clock
a Japanese mountain battery appeared
on the heights west of Kamainsa, but
was obliged to retire. At 5 o'clock a
Japanese force of at least two divisions
of infantry was advancing against the
Russian positions at Liandiansian.
-"Further reports of the engagement
have not been received."
greatly depleted by withdrawals for
Port Arthur, is at Haicheng.
The weather is improving greatly
and becoming favorable for active
operations.
This move brings the Japanese ad
vance guard close to the section of
Port Arthur known as the new Eu
ropean settlement. Japanese here ex
plain that their army may even enter
the residence and business districts of
Port Arthur, but that this would not
necessarily mean the fall of the Rus
sian stronghold.
The Russian defenses are arranged
with the Idea of resisting as long as
there is a man left, and the nature of
these defenses suggests that the final
stand will occur at the Tiger's Tail or
Liaotl Mountain, or both.
conflicting reports regarding fighting
at fort Xo. 5. Two batteries in the left
wing bear this number, as does also a
strong fort to the left of Etzshan fort.
The fort near Etzshan is believed to
have been the object of the fighting
reported from here yesterday, for with
the Japanese in possession of Etzshan
it would be comparatively easy for
them to capture the adjoining strong
hold.
PARIS, Aug. 27.— The Tokio cor
respondent of the Matin declares that
the Japanese Minister of War has con
fidentially informed his colleagues that
there is no hope of taking- Port Arthur
by direct assault and that Ions opera
tions will be necessary. Therefore the
Minister has ordered Field Marshal
Oyama to avoid attacks entailing
heavy losses. This, the correspondent
says, has been cencealed from the pub
lic.
Raymond Recouly, correspondent of
the Temps at Liaoyang, telegraphs as
follows to his paper:
"I was -fortunate this morning to
travel with an American naval at
tache (Lieutenant Newton A. McCully),
who has just returned from Port Ar
thur after a sojourn there of three
months. The news he gives me is en
tirely different from the pessimistic
reports current lately concerning the
situation at the fortress.
"The American attache left the fort
ress on August 14. The Japanese were
then four and a half miles from the
city. The Russian positions upon a
chain of rugged hills 200 meters high
were protected by trenches, mines, net
works, barbed wire and cannon, and,
according to the American officer. It
was impossible to take them by as
sault. Japanese shells fell Into the
city, but each position possessed a dug
out, in which the occupants were able
to secure shelter. The Japanese heavy
guns ceased firing every night, fearing
that the Russians would detect their
exact location by the flashes during
the darkness.
"There was a considerable stock of
provisions at Port Arthur. The Rus
sian soldiers had a fresh meat ratidn
daily. The reports that Russian offi
cers were subsisting: on onions and
black bread were absurd inventions.
The stores were still open and the pop
ulation promenaded the streets.
"The regiments took turns in the
trenches. Part of the garrison was al
ways resting. The Russian sailors as
sisted In the defense of the fortress.
They made excellent sharpshooters.
The heat has not been unbearabfe.
"The American attache believes that
the Japanese losses have been very
heavj*— at least ten times those of the
Russians.
"In short, Port Arthur can hold out
much longer than people believe."
Vessels Probably Will Pro
ceed to a Rendezvous
, at Libau.
May Soon Become as Rare
;i< tiie Aboriginal Indian
.m<l Be Pointed Out as
the Last of Their Line
Continued From Page 1, Column 7.
Workmen Lose Lives in Con
flagration That Destroys
Many Tanks Near Antwerp
HIGH WIND FANS BLAZE
Tokio's War Board Is Said to Have Given Up Hope of
Taking the Port Arthur Fortresses by Storm and
Decided Upon Prolonged Siege Operations.
Baltic Fleet, Now on Trial
Cruise, Contains Five
Battleships.
Two Full Divisions of the Mikado's Troops Move For
ward to the Attack and Fate of Campaign Hinges
Upon the Eesult of Their Onslaught.
PURE-BLOOD
AMERICANS
ARE SCARCE
SEVEN PERISH
IN AN OIL FIRE
JAPANESE BATTERIES SILENCED BY FIRE OF RUSSIAN GUNS
IN THE FIRST STAGES OF THE GREAT CONFLICT AT LIAOYANG
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 27, 190*.
And all travelers need a good trunk or
dress suit case. We can suit you in
price: style and quality. Complete out
flts'for travelers and everything new in
our Leather Goods Department. Sanbom
i'ail & Co., 741 Market at, '
-— -- r . — .._.
Globe Trotters
7
I ..In Next.. I
_,J Sunday's CaIlL_
The Palm of Beauty
Sour Stomach
-I ««ed C**«areti «od feel like itfirnn. Ih««
*>«!»- a roff»r*r from dyi pep«i» and tour stomach
fcr th« la»t two T«»r»- 1 b»'« *>*¦«« t»V'.oc nieii-
rtce acd other £ruri, but <oaM find no reU»J only
fora«bortthn«. Twill recommend Casearets to
isy fr erd-. »* tk« only thine for indication and
%rmt rtowach and v> keep the bow»l» in good eon-
*m*m. «*T.»S«7^«a3S«.^i. Beh Chunk. P..
CAMS* CATHARTIC
Pl«»««at. Pm3«t»b1e. Poteat.TM^Good. DoOood.
1«>t.st Sicr*n. W>mk*n er Gripe. l»c. i*.S>c. N^er
Jold la bulk. The cennine t*Met,«t»mped CCC.
Gaxraateed to care or yonr cone? back.
£ter:iEKR«=« 1 y Co - Chica 6 oorN - Y ' 5"
ANNUAL SALE, TEN MILLION BOXES
- :
y^^V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
£ J?& 629 KKAB.W »T. EsUblishrtJ
fY~$**£3i'-'< IV 1 ** for the treatment " f I'mut*
v£ iy jgr% I).»*sey. I^)*t Manu'.*r3. Debility or
?-JjJiil^^5?5k -i i ¦*;.«• vrearinjron miiM »r><i
r*1J M iMf*n| 1 Tr t ti Dis~*»es. fne rJoctorrure«»-!i«-n
JtWSymofhera fail. Try him. chxrres Invr.
ISa]SS>3ifii <'«»•¦«'• f«»r»ulr»d. Callor write.
Da i. r. 6IBBO3T. e*n Fzaadaoo, OltTHE MAID AND THE MUMMY
HEADQUARTERS OF THE CALL.
5 HENRIETTA STREET, COVENT
GARDEN, LONDON, Aug. 15.— Those
in the United States who are interested
in the millions left by the late Mrs.
Blake of Ireland probably will be dis
appointed to hear that though the
Irish party in Parliament will make
an attempt to prevent the British
treasury from taking possession of this
fortune, the matter is not likely to
come up for settlement before the be
ginning of 1905.
Mrs. Blake, It will be remembered,
bore the maiden name of Sheridan,
came from County Longford and, be
fore her marriage with Captain Blake,
was a servant. The fortune of $2,500,
000 which she left when she died in
testate in London thirty-three years
ago had been accumulated by Captain
Blake in California.
The discovery of descendants of Mrs.
Blake in the. United States, however,
was made when a British Government
official named Quirke, employed by the
Colonial Office in India, started an in
vestigation about a year ago. He did
so- on behalf of a friend named Sheri
dan, an ex-soldier in the Indian army.
Sheridan had satisfied Mr. Quirke that
he was a lineal descendant of Mrs.
Helen Blake. Quirke was coming to
England on a twelve months' holiday
and he undertook to devote a larjre
amount: of his time in trying to estab
lish the claim of his friend to at least
a share of these millions. Sheridan Is
a native of the County of Longford
in Ireland and thence Mr. Quirke re
paired to try to build up a family tree.
As the result, in the midst of many
spurious claimants, he discovered one
Special Correspondence
or two whom he thought were entitled
to a share in the Blake fortune.
He learned, too, that there were pos
sible descendants by the name of Sher
idan living in both Baltimore and Bos
ton, U. S. A. He hastened across th«-
Atlantic to interview them and foun<l
that quite a number of them could claim
some distant relationship with his
friend in India. He had the same diffi
culty in separating the chaff from th>?
corn in the United States that he had
in Ireland, but he tame back armtvl
with a mass of material sufficiently
tangible, to justify him in bombarding
the English Treasury, which. In the
meantime, was getting ready to '"se
questrate" the fortune. With the accu
mulated Interest this now amounts t.»
about $5,000,00).
But the Court of Chancery, which
takes possession of all intestates' prop
erty, having gone through the usual
formalities In endeavoring to find thv
next of kin, refused to listen to Mr.
Quirke after all the time and money
he had spent in the interests of th"
Sheridans an>l their numerous progeny.
He had exhausted his holiday and had
to return to India, but before he left
he invited a number .»f Irish Members
of Parliament to take posses?i<>n of his
documents and bring: the subject be
fore the House of Commons. Mr. J.
P. Farrell, M. P. for Longford, the
county which < laim? the distinction of
being th'.> birthplace «>f Mrs. Flake, ha?
the matter in hand and he has already
commenced to stir up the law officers
of* the crown. There is a reasonah'
prospect that the Government will
grant an inquiry at once, but a delay
of several months is expected before
any decisive action is taken, as the
Parliamentary session is so nearly at
an end.
California- Made Fortune Is Still in
the Possession of the Brit
ish Treasury.
CLAIMANTS TO BLAKE
MILLIONS MUST WAIT
Special Information supplied daily to
ifornia street. Telephone M^n 1042.
Finest eyeglasses. 15c to 50c 79 4th «t
front of Key's Celebrated Oyster Housed
Borrowed Time.
If time is money, you can bet
A nickel or a dime
That there are people In this world
* Who live on' borrowed time. '
J. Ogrden Armour was talking to a
group of New York reporters about
the butchers' strike.
"When the butchers have trouble,"
FARED LOTS BETTER THAN
MOTHER HUBBARD'S CANINE
Townsend's California Glace fruits in
artistic fire-etched boxes. 71? MarS M-
The public read recently the illuminating story of an Oakland pugilist
who was so savagely beaten in the prize-ring that his reason fled and his
wretched career was. mercifully closed by dfeath in the madhouse at Stock
ton. The question of how long a civilized community intends to tolerate a
. brutal, barbarous privilege still remains unanswered to those of us that boast
of our humanity and our progress.
In July the El Paso Herald Issued
an Industrial and Worlds Fair edition
that reflects credit on the enterpriae
of the management of the paper It
is in five sections, profusely illustrated
with various features of the city and
vicinity.
A Fine Special Edition.
NEUTRALITY — A Subscriber. City.
The question, "In case of war between
two nations can a battleship belonging
to either receive any assistance what^
ever in a neutral port?" is one that is
being at this time discussed by the
powers of the world. For the result 6t
this discussion watch the columns of
The Call.
Since the birth of a son ?nd heir to the throne the Czar of Russia has
struck a blow at the material court influence, of the Empress Dowager,
who is credited with having made life something of a burden to the ruler of
all the Russias. When a man is facing so fearfully serious a problem as that
presented by the Japanese his worst enemies cannot but wish him that peace
and contentment at home which are so necessary for the successful conduct
of his affairs abroad.
District Attorney Lyington shows in his annual report, recently ren
dered, that during the !a<t fiscal year nine out of every ten persons brought
before thp bar of justice accused of crime were convicted. This is a splen
did record for San Francisco. If criminals will insist upon operating among
us let them understand that they must pay the penalty. Let the police keep
t;p the good work of feeding the District Attorney's office and let us hope
to reduce the ten per cent of the escapes.
"Um!" said Dr. Emmons placidly,
meditating on the other's face. "I al
ways thought there was a third per
sbn there,' but some have differed
from me." — Youth's Companion.
"Ah, then, I suppose you were with
Adam and Eve in the garden of
Eden?" inquired the^doctor.
"Certainly," came the reply.
Among the stories told of Dr. Em
mons, a well-known clergyman of a
former day and generation, there are
many which show. his keen wit.
In the town where he was pastor
there lived a physician who was a
pantheist, and took pains to let, every
one know it. He had made frequent
b'oast that he could easily conquer Dr.
Emmons, He and the doctor met at
the house of a sick man.
"How old are you, sir?" asked the
physician, brusquely.
"Sixty-two," replied Dr. Emmons.
quietly, although his' eyes showed hl3
surprise. "May I ask your age in
turn?"
"I've been alive since the creation
in One form or another," said the phy
sician curtly.
THE DOCTOR VERY LIKELY
WAS SORRY THAT HE SPOKE
"Several weeks ago," ' said Judge
Monroe, "I saw a witness take down
a lawyer in great fashion. The wit
ness was a farmer and he was in court
complaining that a certain fellow had
stolen some of his ducks.
" 'Do you know that these are your
ducks?" asked the lawyer. .
"'Oh, yeth; I should know ' them
anywhere.' And then the farmer, went
into detail in describing the ducks and
telling just why he would know them.
" 'But these ducks are no different
from any other ducks,' said the law
yer. 'I have a good many in my yard
at home just like them.'
" 'That's not unlikely,' said the
farmer. 'These are not the only ducks
I have had stolen in the last few
weeks.' " — Louisville Herald. '¦ ~i* *
A BAD MOMENT FOR
THE INQUISITIVE LAWYER
said one of the reporters, "is it true,
Mr. Armour, that the public pays?"
The meat millionaire laughed.
"Oh. not necessarily," he answered.
"Sometimes, though," he went on,
"the public pays when the butcher
gets In trouble. For Instance, a but
cher had cut off some meat that had
been paid for and was carrying It
from the street to his patron's kitch
en. No sooner did he enter the yard,
however, than a big black dog pinned
him to the wall. There 'he stood, ter
ror stricken, until the mistress of the
house appeared.
" 'Here, ilero! Behave!' she said.
"The dog sneaked off , and the
woman asked the butcher if he had
been bitten. • "•
" 'Has Hero,' she inquired, 'hurt you
at all?'
" 'No,' he replied, 'I kept him off by
giving him your chops and you just
arrived in time to save your steak.' "
— Denver Republican.
WATER RATES— Mrs. J. A. C. City.
This department has no means of
ascertaining why you are charged 23
cents more a month for water than
your neighbor. You must make a com
plaint in due form to the water com
pany and, Upon a full presentation of
the facts, you will be advised.
RAILROAD POSITION— T. F. C.
Salinas, Cal. For any position on a
railroad send the application to the
company and it will be turned over
to the proper department. An engineer
on a freight train is transferred to a
passenger train, if he makes applica
tion when there is a vacancy and he is
fully qualified.
Taupe is being made into pretty gar
ments. It combines well with ivory
white baby lamb.
ADVERSE POSSESSION— S. G.,
Whitehouse, Cal. A person holding pos
session of land for a period of five
years without interruption or objection
can at the end of that time set up a
claim of adverse possession to the
same.
IN ANSWER TO QUERIES
BY THE CALL READERS
Miss Maude Adams is not only one of
the leading actresses on the American
stage, but she is an authority on elec
trical effects. No productions show
more perfect electrical effects than the
ones in which Miss Adams appears.
She works out many of her own ideas,
and her admirable judgment is always
consulted by the head of the electrical
department. On her suggestions are
founded many other electrical effects
In other productions.
Shore resorts give many hint3 of
new styles. One notes that old blue
is one of the coming colors which will
be worn in the late autumn and in the
winter of 1904-05. -Broadcloth shows
it well, but it is displayed to perfection
in the new velvets and in soft finished
cashmeres and the rich looking Irish
poplins.
Other so-called . new colors to. be
worn chiefly in evening gowns or in
velvet or satin empiecements to tailor
frocks are almond green the. exact
shade of the pale nut color seen in
nougat and the flushed yellow called
moidore after the old time gold pieces
and the burnt orange recently de
scribed in a ladies' journal.
COLORS TO BE WORN '
DURING LATE AUTUMN
AiMKP.ICAN ACTRESS WHO DE
VOTES ' SOMK OF HKR TIME TO
MATTERS KLECTItlCAL.
The London Sketch says a profes
sional betting man should go out <¦'
business when fifty years old. Aft r
that age a man makes mistakes. Be
tween fifty and sixty-five he stand? t •
lose 7S per cent of what he accumu
lated before .fifty.
The first •bomb outrage" was com
mitted on Christmas eve. 190O. by Sair.i-
Nejant. who wished to remove Nap>>
leon. then First Consul, in the intert.-r
of the Royalists. Napoleon escape!,
but among his escort and the bystand
ers there were about 150 cusuaiti> .->.
Tests have been made in Vienna frttB
pitch-blende which was taken from th»
ground as long ago as 1807. 1*1! anl
1S53. and the strength and quality • f
the radium in these samples has been
found to be identical with that in <*
portion of ritch-blende onty newly ex
tracted—a fact which further proves
that the rowers of radium incur v. >
diminution with time. The above ex
periments were carried out in the Xliri
eralogkal Museum quite recently —
Pall Mall Gazette.
Since the use of wire fences have be
come so extensive the number of cat
tle killed each year by lightning has
greatly increased. Farmers' insurance
companies have Investigated the mat
ter and now come forward with a warn
ing to policy holders. Nearly all the
cattle killed by lightning have met
their death in open fields, where i.i
many Instances there was not even a
tree to attract the electric fluid. Ad
many dead cattle were found near
wire fences this led to the discovery
that the lightning was carried aloni
the wires composing the fences. Dur
ing a severe storm cattle are Uabla
to run until stopped by a fence. Her?
they stand huddled together ready tot
the bolt. A remedy is suggested in run
ning a ground wire every ten rods
several feet into, the earth.— Chicago
The other day 50,000 pigeons were
taken in several trains from Lancastt'*
and Yorkshire. England, to half a do*«i
distant points to be released.
The Bishop of London has received
a subscription of $23 from an under
taker, who described the gift a? *
thank offering "because trade has b?? a
so brisk of late."
The Chinese name for Port Arthur
was Lushurikow; th« town had. twenty
years ago, only a few thousand inhabi
tants, and was used as a place for U»«
deportation of criminal*.
MUCH IN LITTLE IN
TIIK CALL SCRAP PH.!
THE magazine section of The Sunday Call to-morrow will contain
an unusually strong fiction section in addition to many pages of
agreeably diversified reading matter. It will be in every respect a
clean, temperate and wholesome household paper and one that will hold
something of interest for every member of the home.
"Dr. Xavier," which has appeared serially for the past three weeks,
will be concluded. The next novel to appear will be "Anna the Adven
turess,'' by E. Phillip? Oppenheim, which can be safely guaranteed to
more than repay the reader's attention. Marie Corelli, in "The Palm of
Beauty," has much' to say that is worth listening to on the score of the
artificial and padded reputations which many society women earn for
beauty. She also gives her conclusions as to where among the different
races the mo«t beautiful women will be found.
Jerome K. Jerome has a dryly humorous dissertation upon "Babies and
Birds." in which his keen and satirical but kindly understanding of the
foibles and failings of men is shown at its best. Edward W. Townsend
continues the cha-tening adventures of his unsophisticated but highly
egotistical country youth in New York and carries him along a page
further on his entertaining career of exchanging money for ripening ex
perience. Robert Barr, the incomparable narrator of stirring tales of old
Stirling town and the Scottish border land, , contributes a characteristic
narrative in "The King Goes A-Begging," wherein James of Scotland
exchanges h-.s royal robes fer a beggar's garb and devotes a week to getting
in touch, with his subjects. No time is lost by the author in getting him
in touch in a highly spirited manner. There are three storiettes — "Love
and Youth," by Majoric Ifendricks; 'In the Fog," by Richard Shelton, and
"The Wit of Marion." by Henry Winthrop.
In the women's section, as usual, will be found the. latest fashion frilfs
?.nd fad*. The leading special article will be the initial installment of a
scries of five articles on "Physical Culture at Home," written especially fgr
The Sunday Call by Professor George Miehling. director of the Olympic
Club. The studies -will embrace simple exercises for the, development of
the arms, legs and trunk, and will be found of great benefit to those whose
*or«< h confining. Maynard Shipley has an instructive article on "Justice
and Crime :n Japan," and there will be the usual puzzle page and the page
of children's music.
JESTS, JINGLES AND GOOD STORIES WITH YOUR MORNING CUP OF COFFEE TO CHEER
One of the newest and certainly one
of the most fascinating veils is the
shaded one. Directly in the center,
where is spreads over the face, it is
white, bordering on flesh tint. From
there is shades outward, deeper and
deeper, until at the very end it is al
most a dark tone. In red it shades
from almost white to pink, rose and
deep crimson, the crimson matching a
shorter net veil underneath in the ex
act shade. These veils j are two and
a half yards long, are crowded at the
back of the hat, brought aroundy in
front and tied, the deep shade coming
directly under the chin. They come
in red, blue, green and lavender.
There is a heavy lace veil three
SHADED VEIL NEWEST
AND MOST ATTRACTIVE
The woman with gray hair no
longer has to spoil the effect of her
coiffure by inserting combs of tortoise
shell, yellow, white or black. Among
the latest hair ornaments are found
combs and hairpins of celluloid in the
various shades of gray to tone in with
any color hair. Many of these are
jeweled and mounted, in oxidized sil
ver and gun metal, making a very
pretty ornamer' for a gray coiffure.
COMBS OF GRAY FOR
CRAY-IIAIRKD WOMEN
THE SUNDAY CALL MAGAZINE.
MAUDE ADAMS
CLEVER AS AN
ELECTRICIAN
And, above all, try to keep up the
Invalid's courage, and thus increase the
chances of recovery.
Don't allow your washstand, if it
possesses a marble top, (or your mar
ble chimneypiece) to remain with ugly
stains upon it, when, by taking a paste
of vinegar and whitening, which you
spread over the surface, and leave on
for twenty-four hours, you can make
it perfectly clean.
"When sewing if the needle becomes
damp with the heat of the hand, just
pass it through the hair a few times
and it will be found to work quite
easily.
In any long illness keep plenty of
disinfectant around the room to render
it fresh and to avoid the heaviness
that is apt to occur in a room which
is constantly occupied.
Keep the patient well supplied with
clean bedclothlng, as It Is not only
sanitary, but refreshing to have clean
linen.
Starchy foods should always be cook
ed in boiling water which contains a
little salt, to render the food digesti
ble.
A bath in warm water In which a
teaspoonful of bicarbonate of soda has
been dissolved is excellent for prickly
heat. After bathing the body should
be dried gently and then washed with
witch hazel In the sensitive parts.
Water in which potatoes have been
boiled Is very effective in keeping silver
bright. It can be bottled for use, and
if required to be kept a long time a
tenth part of mythelated spirits will
do this. '
IXTE RESTING HINTS
FOR THE HOUSEHOLD
Revers are more conspicuous thaa for
many seasons past, and they appear
not only on the street coat, but the
bodice of the dress designed for house
wear. The single-breasted jacket, made
with a short basque and a pointed tight
fitting vest, will be much worn with
a skirt" showing groups of plaits to
ward the bottom.
"Women will be interested to know
that the early autumn tailor-made
suits seem to have been built purposely
with the idea of modestly revealing
the prettiest curves of their figures.
The coats reach Just over the hips or
are three-quarters length. The close
fitting model is the one most in favor.
Sleeves are noticeably plain, and vel
vet and soutache braid are cleverly
combined as a trimming. Plaits are
still a feature of the wooltex fashiona
ble skirts for fall; however, they are
introduced much lower down than in
the spring models. The best skirts
are finished at the bottom with a braid
or velveteen binding and hang so that
they are just a trifle shorter at the
back than in front. It Is to the original
arrangement of the plaits that the fall
skirt will owe its special air of dlctlnc
tion.
FEATURES OF AUTUMN
TAILOR-MADE SUITS
yards long in a florid pattern com
pletely hiding the face, which comes
for automobilinpr. ~ For driving one
sees the dotted Tuxedo .veils.
Editor The Call— Yesterday's awf'.i!
tragedy, resulting in the killing of a
reputable citizen at the hands of a
city official, brings 'prominently before
the public the lamentable, yet al
ways possible, sequel to the enforce
ment of an ordinance that should Ion?
ago have been written off the statute
books.
The present city ordinance providing
for the seizure of all dogs? within the
city limits not bearing a tag certify
ing to their being duly licensed has
given rise to great abuse. Tags are
often stolen and unoffending canines
carried off to the pound, whore their
owners are compelled to redeem them
by paying the poundmaster's charges.
Dogs are taken out of inclosures, la
dies insulted and men threatened by
the dogeatehers. whose security of
place is dependent on the number of
seizures reported.
As a matter of fact, the ordinance la
a relic of medievalism imported from
the continental countries of Europe,
altogether unsuitable to our country.
where some respect is supposed to bfl
due to the feelings of the individual.
That dogs should be subject to a tax
within city limits goes without saying,
lest urban communities become dos
infested, like Constantinople, but th
situation could be met by a straight
tax collected from owners.
The Society for the Prevention »>f
Cruelty to Animals has th» influence
and membership enabling it to secure
the passage of a substitute ordinance.
drawn according to modern ideas':
thereby abolishing the city pound, (ex
cept in regard to the housing of
estrays) with its concomitants of scan
dal and political jobbery, j.n«i by jsui h
action it would carry its many years
of useful purpose to a fitting climax.
I am yours respectfully.
A. E. ACKLOM.
San Francisco, August 23.
ADVOCATES THE PASSAGE
OF NEW DOG ORDINANCE
Th«»y led the trembling Jap away.
Back through the burning town; '
He heard the crackle of the flames.
The timbers falling down:
He heard the hungry children cry.
He heard the wounded moan; .
He heard the stricken widows sigh
Where they were crouched alone.
He stumbled over heaps of shells.
And, being out at last.
The word was given to resume —
The little truce was past;
But high above the awful roar.
The death cries and the cheers.
These words, which he had heard before.
Still sounded in his ears:
•• «!?•••• • * • •
> I • • • • • * • • • «••!••
— Chicago Record-Herald.
The Jap fell back a pace or two
And then renewed his plea:
'•Your forts are falling day by day.
Think well again." said he.
"Why hold your men to useless strife?
Why not give up and go?
To stay is but to squander life.
To waste good blood, you know;
Your ships have been destroyed at sea.
Your wives in terror weep;
Our shells are bursting on the roofs
'Neath which your children sleep.
Why court destruction? What's the use?
Put off your foolish pride."
Then Stoessel tore his buttons loose
And cnndidly replied:
«• 1 »:»,•'•• 1 ' • • • __
t • • • • y. > • * • * ••«<••
A Jap who bore a flag of truce
AVas taken through the lines;
They bound his eyes so that he might
Not see the guns and mines.
"I come," he said, "to offer you
A ehanee to go away;
The jig is up. as you must know;
It will be death to stay.
Your women and your little ones
Are crying out with dread;
Your men. though sticking to their guns.
Are weak for want of bread;
What answer shall I carry back?
Think well ere you decide."
Then Stoessel gave his breast a thwack
And candidly replied:
•• »•;•••• » • • *
• > • • • > t • • • ••?«••
CHEFOO, Aug. IS.— a refuge who quitted
Pert Arthur last night 3ays a major of th*
Japanese staff wzn blindfolded and conducted
to a war council in Port Arthur. wher<» h*
askrd for the surrender of the fortress. • • •
Lieutenant General Stoessel is said to have re
ceived the demand for surrender with a won
derful burst of Drofanity, his habitual tagi
turnUy deserting him. ,
STOESSEI/S ANSWER.
FASHIONS, HOME HINTS AND OTHER THINGS IN THE REALM OF WOMAN
(COPYRIGHT. 1904. BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT WITH THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL AND THE NEW YORK EVENING MAIL..)
This attempt to extract partisan capital out of a movement that took
it« inspiration from the President's message is simply flagrant. If party
weight and strength in securing the law are to be awarded praise it
belongs to the President and his party in Congress. The action at Santa
Cruz is, however, characteristic of the party that took it. It camps on
the trail of Republican progress and posts pre-emption notices on accom
plished Republican policies, claiming them for its own. In a few years,
if the Democracy survive its next defeat, it will be found claiming the
credit for securing the gold standard and sound money. It is already
preparing to annex to itself the credit for the benefits of protection, ana
if it live long enough will claim that it fought the war for the Union and
abolished slavery.
While a majority of the committee were Republicans, in its member
ship were Democrat* and Populists, for it was a getting together of the
We?t for a high economic purpose, which would not have been effective
ii partisanship had appeared at any part of the movement. When the bill
was drawn and presented the President regarded it as weak in the features
protective of the interests of the small landholder and informed the men
in charge of i; that, if passed without repairing that infirmity, he would
veto it. He dictated the amendment which prevents the grabbing of
large tracts of the land to be irrigated and protects the small holder,
putting the maximum holding at 160 acres. The bill passed as so amended
and became a law- by the signature of President Roosevelt.
The law obsoletes the rather valid objection of the East to taxation
;o make competing lands productive by using the proceeds of the sale
of public land as an irrigation fund. This fund is perpetuated by requiring
the holders of irrigated lands to repay to the Government the cost of
irrigated lands in easy installments. By this plan, when all the land
possible of irrigation has been covered by water, the whole sum expended
by the Government will finally be paid back by the landholders and will
go into the treasury as part of the resources of the Government.
Republicans regarded it as z great public measure for the development
and settlement of the West, in which men of all parties participated with
out thought of partisanship. The Republican party controlled both houses
of Congress and its support was necessary to effectuate the measure. If
the law had immediately proved a failure the Democratic State Convention
at Santa Cruz would have denounced the Republican party for that failure,
i^it the law is a success and so that convention sought to make party
capital by claiming it as a party measure.
In doing this the convention was inexpert and unhappy. It roused
expectations as to the operation of the law in California, the realization
of which is in great doubt. Except en the Colorado Desert, where there
are public lands to which the law may apply, there is probably no con
siderable area of irrigable lands that can receive benefit from the Federal
law.
Pre?ident Roosevelt, with an intimate and sympathetic knowledge of
the West, saw' the whole problem, and not its various parts. In his
mes<ape of December, 1901, he outlined and advocated the present law.
Immediate^- a voluntary committee on irrigation was formed, consisting
of seventeen Senators and Representatives from the arid West. That
committee held frequent meetings and polished the proposition down until
all the local differences and diverse plans were canceled out and reached
an agreement that approximated the views of -the President. What is
called "the Xewlands bill" was the result of these conferences' and was
the final issue of the voluntary committee.
Many and futile efforts had been made to secure such an irrigation law.
It was regarded in the East as a sectional Western measure, and as long
as it was a proposition to take money out of the Federal treasury — the
proceeds of taxation of all the people, and to which the East made the
greatest contribution — the plan made no headway against the objection
of Eastern farmers, who opposed being taxed to bring new land into
production in competition with their own. But this was not the onlj'
difficulty. The representatives of the arid States were unable to agree
among themselves. Many of them wanted the arid lands ceded to the
States and others wanted a Federal law that would apply to the local
conditions of the States the>' represented.
THE frail and fragmentary Democratic State Convention at Santa Cruz,
in feeling around for an issue, prof&ssed to have found one in the
national irrigation law, which it claimed as a Democratic measure
and proceeded to annex with much and florid language. The morality of
this attempt to filch the merit of a great measure for partisan purposes
is not open to any question. Its character is stamped upon it. It is
immoral.
PARTISAN IRRIGATION.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 2T, 1904.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKEL.S . . . "¦ Proprietor
ADDIiESS ALL. COMMUNICATIONS TO
JOHX McXAUGIIT Manager
PUBLICATION OFFICE THIRD AND MARKET STREETS. SAN FRANCISCO
SATURDAY ? . .' A ...... .AUGUST .27, 1904
8California boasts some of the most
distinguished fraters as her own. There
are only seven past grand masters liv
ing, and Reuben H. 1 Lloyd of San Fran
cisco Is one of them.
The Right Eminent Frank W. Sum
ner of San Francisco is the representa
tive of the most eminent grand master
of the United States for the Eighteenth
District, comprising California, Ore
con, Washington and the Hawaiian
Territory. He is the author of Sum
ner's tactics, which are in use through
out the order, and is considered the
niffhest authority in all matters per-
at Pavilion.
San Jose Commandery Will Entertain
AMONG THE SIR KNIGHTS.
LECTCKE OX "THE TKMPL.E".— A lecture
or "Tie Temple." Illustrated by the Ftereopti
con. will be given at the Fourth Congregational
Church, Green ureet. near Stockton, to-mor
row evening at 7:*5 o'clock. Admission free.
Insists That the Owners of the Steam
ship Siberia Have Violated the
Contract Labor Law.
Andrew Furuseth and a committee,
on behalf of the Pacific Coast Sailors'
Union, called upon United States Dis
trict Attorney Woodworth yesterday
and asked for a complaint against the
owners of the steamship Siberia for
Importing contract labor. The com
mittee claimed that the bringing to
this harbor of a Chinese crew on the
Siberia and transferring: it to the
Manchuria was a violation of the con
tract labor prohibition. Woodworth
has taken the matter under advise
ment. He said that if he should find
that the bringing of the crew to this
port was a violation of the law he
would file a complaint against the
steamship company.
to San Francisco as Oakland, but will
continue on its journey to San Jose,.
Monterey, Los Angeles < where a stop
will be made of three days), then re
sume, going to Pasadena. Riverside,
Redlands, Calalina Island, return to
Los Angeles, then north to San Fran
cisco, arriving here on Monday, Sep
tember 5, in the "morning. Leaving San
Francisco Thursday. September 8, the
pilgrims will go to Sacramento, -Salt
•Lake City, Colorado Springs, remain at
the Springs two days, spend two days
at St. Louis viewing the exposition, be
fore returning.
The headquarters of the Grand En
campment officers, located in the Pal
ice Hotel, are fitted up and ready for
their occupants, and are as follows:
The most eminent grand master, par
lor 170; the rifiht eminent deputy grand
master, parlor WS; the very eminent
grand generalissimo, room 172; the very
eminent grand captain general, room
166; the very eminent grand recorder,
room 188; the very eminent grand
treasurer, room 602; committee on
finance, room 376; committee on juris
prudence, room 379.
J. H. Einhorn of Santa Rosa Com
mandery is in the the city, planning
for an excursion of the Knights to
Santa Rosa. Mr. Einhorn informed the
California Promotion Committee that
he thought the committee in Santa
Rosa would, if possible, select Friday
as the day on which an Invitation
should be extended from Santa Rosa,
The University of California will en
tertain the Knights on Thursday, Sep
tember 8. At 4 p. m. of that day a con
cert will be given in the Greek Theater,
and recitations by the Glee Club and
the college orchestra will be features
of the programme. The university au
thorities will be prepared to seat 8000
people in the Greek Theater and to ex
tend the visitors every courtesy. The
Key Route will furnish free transporta
tion to and from 1'orkeley.
The musical committee of the Cali
fornia Commandery, Knights Templar,
has placed in the hands of Madame
Caro Roma the entire musical pro
gramme for the afternoons at the Me
chanics' Pavilion for Monday, Wednes
day, Thursday and Friday, September
5. 7, 8 and 9. Madame Roma has en
gaged the following artists to assist
her: Mrs. Eugenie Barker-Mills, Mrs.
Richmond E. Revalk, Mrs. Wallace
Wheaton-Briggs, Mrs. Richard I*
Partington. Messrs. S. Homer Henley
and Frank Onslow and Sir Knights D.
M. Lawrence and L. A. Larsen.
SPOKANE, Wash., Aug. 26.— Kadosh
Commandery, Knights Templar of
Philadelphia, arrived here to-day in
a special train en route to the triennial
conclave at San Francisco. There are
114 in the party^
PORTLAND, Or., Aug. 26.— A special
train bearing representatives of the
Knights Templar on their way to the
grand encampment at San Francisco
arrived in this city this morning and
remained until this afternoon. The
visitors were met at the depot by a
reception committee of the Knighta
of the local lodge and were driven
about the city and to the Lewis and
Clark exposition grounds.
All aboard Fruit Dealers' plcnie to-morrow.
Round trip $1. Leaves .Id & Towmend 9 a.m.*
You may have observed that it. .is
onlythe fools who disagree with you.
FURUSETII DEMANDS
PROSECUTION AT ONCE
We Do It All.
Kngraving. Printing. Klcctrotyping,
Bookbinding. The best work at reason
able prices. Sanborn. Vail & Co., 741
Market st. •
Rev. Thomas S. Young, pastor of
th<- First Baptist Church. San Jose,
delivered a graphic account of his trip
To the Holy Land at the Hamilton
Square Baptist Church. Post street,
n._-ar Fillmore, last night. The Rev.
Mr. Young was one of the delegates,
with Dr. H. H. Bell of this city, to
the Worlds Sunday-school Convention
which was held at Jerusalem. He re
turned with a fund of interesting in
formation and also with an invaluable
collection of pictures of localities and
arsons of the Holy Land, which he
showed in the course of his remarks
to the delight of a large audience.
Shows PH-turos of Holy I^md.
It has been reported that inadvert
ently the committee having charge of
the selection first called her sister, Miss
Martha Mitchell, to christen the
cruiser, but Mies Jenet was the sister
chosen. The choice of a daughter- of
the late Senator is a compliment to
his prominence as a statesman in na
tional affairs and also as a compliment
to the Grand Army of the Republic, of
which he was a member.
The launching committee accompany
ing Miss Mitchell are General Louis
Auer, E. P. Hackett, Julian O. Frank
and O. E. Bartlett. A gift of a $5000
silver service donated by. the citizens
of Milwaukee will be presented to the
cruiser, and a library to the future
men behind her guns.
Miss Lilly Jeffrey, daughter of Vice
President Frank Jeffrey of the Union
Iron Works, will rouse the electric
spark that will loosen Uncle Sam's
youngest seafighter from the shore and
send her to her native element, and
Miss Jeriet Mitchell will christen the
cruiser as she goes. She is the daugh
ter of the late United States Senator
John L. Mitchell of Wisconsin, and has
been selected by the commonwealth of
that State to name their vessel at the
launching. September 10.
Miss Mitchell, with her party, will
leave Milwaukee the 5th of next month
to land in San Francisco three days
later.
She is the second daughter of the late
Senator, and was born in the city
whose name she will give the great
craft. She is a highly gifted young
lady, trained in the best educational
Institutions of America and* Europe.
She and Mrs. Mitchell were in this city
at the launching of the battleship Wis
consin.
One of the most interesting and im
pressive events in connection with the
coming Knights Templar Conclave will
be the launching of a completed war
vessel. There will be a dainty and
graceful feature to the affair for
\\ hen the big red armored cruiser
down at the Union Iron Works, which
will be known as the Milwaukee, is
ready to ?lip away, two fair maidens
will stand at the vessel's stem. One
will be from the Central West, the
other from the Golden West, and when
the master with a gesture of command
waves his hand and "the sound qf
hammers, blow on blow," is heard, one
girl will start the great mass of steel
down the ways and the other will speak
the name "Milwaukee."
San Jose Commandery No. 10 will en
tertain in a manner that will be cred
itable not only to San Joso, but cer
tainly will redound to the credit of the
whole State of California. The com
mandery has a membership of 150 Sir
Knishts, and they will come to the con
clave almost to a man. Their head
quarters will be at the Grand Hotel,
but the receptions and the entertain
ing will be at the Mechanics' Pavilion,
where a space of 140 by 2A feet has
been secured in the gallery. This is to
be fitted up with a garden effect, so
as to make it somewhat resemble the
home of the commandery, which is
known as the "Garden City" of Cali
fornia. 1 here will be lanes and vistas
and bowers made of palms, trees and
flowers. Another space will be re
served for a ladies' reception room and
an armory, leaving fully 100 feet for
display. The commandery will keep
open house and entertain every after
noon and evening during conclave
week. From fifty to 100 boxes of fruit
and several hundred baskets and
bunches ot flowers are to be given away
to visitors each day.
The following are prominent mem
bers of this commandery: Eminent
Commander W. G. Alexander, Albert
Harris, W. H. Haydock, \V. L. Wood
row, Henry Matthews and D. W.
Smythe.
Malta Commandery Drill Corps of
Binghamton, N. Y., will Rive an exhibi
tion drill on the evenings of Septem
ber 6 and 6, to be followed by a con
cert. In front of the Palace Hotel. This
will be a novel sight and a treat to the
eyes of the visitors, as well as to our
own people, because Malta Drill Corp.s
has acquired fame as one of the best
and most proficient organizations in
Templar tactics throughout the land.
Corinthian Chasseur Commandery
San Francisco Club of Philadelphia
started on its westward pilgrimage on
August 15, going at an easy rate, via
Yellowstone Park and the northern
route, then to Southern California, and
is scheduled to arrive in San Fran
cisco on Monday morning, September
5. On the westward journey the train,
one of the most luxurious that ever
crossed the continent, will stop at
Pittsburg, Chicago, St. Paul. go
through North Dakota, Montana,
Washington. Oregon and come as close
taining to the military branch of the
order.
TWO FAIR SIAIDKNK. ONE FROM THE WISCONSIN METROPOLIS. THE OTHER A NATIVE' WUGHTKR.-OF "CALIFORNIA
WHO WILL PLAY LEADING ROLES IN THE LAUNCHING OF UNCLE SAMS NEW CRUISER .MILWAUKEE VT THE
UNION IRON WORKS DURING KNIGHTS TEMPLAR CONCLAVE WEEK. ' |* $y^£?7:
• • — — — — — — — — _ — — — — — _^_^__ _?.
The Federal Grand Jury yesterday
returned a new indictment against
Thomas Davis, formerly indicted for
committing an assault' upon Mrs.
Emma Ames on the high seas on Oc
tober 17, 1903. Davis was tried sev
eral months ago in the United States
Circuit Court, and, although the Gov
ernment presented a convincing case,
the jury disagreed, some of the jurors
not thinking that the case wa3 strong
enough on which to base a verdict
calling for the death penalty, the only
penalty provided by the Federal statute
for the offense charged. The new in
dictment merely adds a second count,
charging an attempt at the crime,
which attempt is punishable with im
prisonment in the penitentiary for
thre years and a fine of S3000. The
trial has been set for next Monday.
Jury Will Be Allowed Some latitude
in Which to Evade fixing
Penalty of 'Death.
NEW INDICTMENT FOUND
AGAINST THOMAS DAVIS
A. Ahlf, a Colusa rancher, is at the
Grand.
E. S. Babcock of Corona do is at the
California.
J. Grover. a Colusa merchant, is at
the Grand.
J. L. Hudner. an attorney of Hollis
ter, is at the Lick.
Senator C. B. Greenwell of Santa
Barbara is at the Grand.
Frank Golden, a mining man of
Tonopah. New. is at the Lick.
George Bloise. the well known cat
tleman of Merced, is at the Lick.
James \V. Coohrane of fan Hafael
registered at the California yesterday.
Baron F"der Nicolice of Rudna.
Hungary, is among the guests at the
Palace.
B. F. Coons, commercial agent of
the Rock Island in Southern Califor
nia, is also up for a few days.
H. A. Wright of the grain brokerage
firm of Yates & Wright is bark from
an extended trip through the North
wesu •
D. H. Maloney. general agent of the
Rock Island Frisco systems at Pitts
burg, Pa., arrived yesterday by way of
Los Angeles and will be In "the city
for sevf-rp.l days. Mr. Maloney is ac
companied by his family. They are
staying at the Grand.
R. A. Jackson, general attorney, and
George H. Crosby, secretary and treas
urer of the Rock Island system, with
headquarters at Chicago, arrived in
this city yesterday morning in their
private car. They are accompanied
by. their families. Messrs. Jackson and
Crosby have been touring the Yellow
stone and' will remain in California
several days before returning to the
Km.
PERSONAL.
Charles F. Martin, secretary of the
National Livestock Association, said
to-day that this rate was the most sat
isfactory that had ever been granted
by the Transcontinental Passenger As
sociation and the promptness with
which it was made is exceedingly en
couraging to the officers of the asso
ciation, as it will no doubt insure a
very large attendance from the west
and northwest territory.
"The foregoing amounts added for
circuit covering Portland and San
Francisco, to accrue to lines south of
Portland.
"Limits: Tickets to be limited to
continuous passage going commencing
date of sale, with final return limit
thirty days and permit stop over re
turning within final limit. *
"Dates of sale to be determined by
Pacific Coast terminal lines."
"For tickets from North Pacific Coast
points, going direct, return via San
Francisco, rates to be $13 50 higher
than direct line rate.
"For tickets from San Francisco,
Tracy, Lathrop. Stockton, Redding and
points intermediate, going direct to
Denver, returning via Portland, rates
to be $13 50 higher than direct line rate.
For tickets from points south of San
Francisco, Tracy, Lathrop and Stock
ton, going direct, returning via Port
land, the usual arbitrary is to be added.
"This association will make a rate
from Pacific coast territory, to be one
thirty-day flrst-class fare for the round
trip via direct routes, usual diverse
routes to apply.
DENVER. Colo., Aug. 26.— In re
sponse to the request of the National
Livestock Association and the National
Wool Growers' Association for a rate
of one fare*for the round trip on the
occasion of their annual meetings,
which will be held in this city January
9 to 13 inclusive, the secretary of the
National Live Stock Association to
day received a letter from Chairman
James Charlton of the Transcontinent
al Passenger Association, which says:
The will revealed the secret and in
'dirated that more than $30,000 was be
queathed to a brother in Ireland and
$10,000 each to his two sisters, one liv
ing in Iowa and the other at TVymore,
Nebraska. Frank A. Harrison of Oma
ha, to whom the old man took a fancy
years ago wh«>n he was a boy on a
nearby farm, is named as executor.
OMAHA. Auf. 26.— Thirty years ago
Michael McCourt, a devout Catholic,
t took up his abode in a lonely hut on
the banks of Coopers Creek, near Table
Creek. Nebraska, and there lived a
solitary life as a religious recluse un
til last week, when death claimed him.
Neighbors found his wasted figure in
its last sleep on the barren floor.
A cearch revealed a ¦will stored away
• In an obscure place.
• During: his lifetime little was known
of the o!d man's past. It was, however,
commonly believed that he was pos
sessed of a large fortune, which, it was
expected, would go to the church at
his death.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Round Trip Tickets, Good
for Thirty Days, Will Sell
for Cost of One Way Trip
CHEAP FARE PROMISED
Expectation That Fortune
Would Be Given to Re
ligion Is Not Realized
CHURCH DISAPPOINTED
Livestock and Wool Grow
ers' Associations Obtain
Concessions From Railroads
Hermit's Will Bequeaths
Fifty Thousand Dollars
to a Trio of Relatives
One Will Name the New Cruiser and the Other Will
Send the Great Mass of Steel Down the Ways.
Other Matters of Interest During Conclave Week
MIKES SPECIAL
RATE TO DENVER
AGED RECLUSE
LEAVES RICHES
MISS MITCHELL AND MISS JEFFREY A
CHOSEN TO LAUNCH THE MILWAUKEE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 27 ; 1905.
9
FREE. FREE.
It Gives Strength to the Weak— -
Maintains the Strength of
the Strong.
D. GHIRARDELLI'S
GROUND CHOCOLATE
AND
BREAKFAST COCOA.
FREE TO WANT AD
PATRONS OF THE CALIi.
Those who bring to our office
a want ad for Sunday will re-
ceive free a ONE-POUND CAN.
Sec announcement on classi-
fied advertising page.
GRAPE-XLTS AND POSTUM.
It's a
Good
? B * •
Time
to B*e what a good staying
breakfast can be made without
Meat
TRY
A little Fruit,
A disb of Grape«Nn is and Cream,
Two slices rerj bari toast,
A cap of Postam Food Coffee.
o Tha.t'8 all, and all very easy of di-
gestion and full to the brim with
nourishment and strength.
REPEAT FOR LUNCH
&nd then have a meat and vege-
table dinner.
We predict for you an Increase in
physical and mental power.
"There's a reason."
c WorJiTB Tmir Exhibit. Spac* 103. Afrlctil-
turtJ Buiiiits.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SICK HEADACHE
i . « — | Positirely cured by
PADTrDQ these Little Fills.
Vf M It I L l\ W Tfcey a 130 rcUeTe IMs *
ressg tress from Dyspepsia. In-
Baas 1 ITTLE digestion, and Too Hearty
gs9 1 \t p |J Eating. A perfect rem-
Bg| lib l\ edy for Dizziness, Nausea,
§H PILL Sa Drowsiness, Bad Taste
Mi JB In th0 Mouth. Coated
H^QflH • Tongue. Fain in the side,
I TORPID LIVER. Tney
regulate tbe BOwels. Purely Vegetable.
SMALL PILL SMALL DOSE. SMALL PRICE.
carters! cure sick HEADACnE -
|hb ittle Genuine Must Bear
II IVER Fac-Simile Signature
jj PILLS. _** —
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
on Application. '-
rBESH AND SALT MEATS.
FIS RftYFS £ fft Shipping Butchers. 108
JAJ. DUICJ (I VU. clay. Tel. Main 1201.
OEDS.
LUBRICATING OILS; LEONARD & ELLIS.
418 Front st.. S. F. Phone Main 1719.
I f HIlfiHF^ printer,
I. V. 01 Unco, Bll Stnsome st.. 8. F.
n Gillette's
"War Play.
AMUSEMENTS.
Vaudeville's Very Best!
Williams and Tucker; Mas and Julia
Helnrich; Treioar, Assisted by Edna
Tempest, and the Orpheum Motion
Pictures, Showing-
JACKMUNROE at His Training Quarters
Last Times of Walter. C. Kelly; Emmett
Devoy and Company; Three Juggling
Barretts; Little and Fritzkow. and
Ouyer and OTTell.
i:egular Matin«es Every Wednesday. Thurs-
day, Saturday and Sunday.
Prices — 10c. 25c and 50c.
GRAND S p o E J&
Last Night. Mat. To-Day.
MR. JAMES NEILL
| HELD BY H§j
to-mobkow 1 1 <5c, 25c. 50o
MATINEE (I] ——————
Under 2 Flags | ENEMY |
Matinee To-Day
TO-NIGHT. STJUDAY NIGHT AND
ALL NEXT WEEK.
ARNOLD DALY
Announces the Delightful Comedy.
Bernard Shaw's Masterpiece.
Prices— Orchestra. ?2; Dre«s Circl*. $1 50;
Balcony, first seven rows. $1; next seven rows.
75c; Second Balcony. oOc and 2.V.
September 5— KYRI,E BK.LLKW in "RAF-
FLKS. THE AMATEUR CRACKSMAN."
TIV0JLIS5&
EVERY NIGHT AT 8.
San Francisco's Superlative Musi-
cal Comedy Triumph
THE TOREADOR
Interpreted by a Great Cast, in-
cluding: Kate " Condon, Mary
, Younjr. Carrie Reynolds. B»*sle
Tannehill, Dora de Fillippe. Wll-
lard Slmms, Teddy Webb. Forrest
Dabney Carr. Mclvlll* Ellis. Georsa
Chapman. William Schuster, Jo-
seph Fostarty.
Only Matinee Saturday.
Usual Tivcli Prices, 25c. 30c, 75c.
Look Out for THE SERENADE.
AT P A7 AD Belasco A Mayer.
General Manager.
TO-NIGHT AND SUNDAY NIGHT.
LAST MATINEE TO-DAY.
Evg., 25c to 75c. Mats. Thurs. & Sat.. 23c to 50c.
WHITE \ AMD THE ALCAZAR CO. j
U/HITTLESEY
In the Popular Romance,
THE PRIDE Magnificently Staged.
OF -IF.NNICOl A Gnu Cast.
"A thrilling performance." — Bulletin.
"Company appeared to great advantage."—
Pest.
MONDAY. August 29-MR. WHITTLESEY In
NATHAN HALE .
Clyde Fitch'* Greatest Colonial Drama.
Market Street. Near Eighth. Phone South 533.
LAST TWO NIGHTS.
MATS. TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
A Spy at
Port Arthur
pDIfCC. Evenings 10c to 50c
iniWCj. Matinees 10c. 15c. 25c
WEEK BEGINNING NEXT MONDAY NIGHT
DOUBLE BILL.
Francis Powers' Famous Chinese Play.
TBS FIRST BOBS.
Preceded by the Delightful Comedy,
••TURNED UP."
SUCCESS OT SUCCESSES.
THE ANHEUSER PUSH
(By Will Carleton and Lee Johnson.)
Replete With Up- to- Date Novelties and Laugh.
able Situations.
Highest Salaried Burlesque' Artists.
DOROTHT MORTON. RICE AND CADT
GEORGIA O'RAMEY. BOBBY NORTH. ED-
WIN CLARK,* BEN DILLON. FLOSSIE
HOPE and PEARL HICKMAN.
Great Chorus of Forty.
Three Magnificent Scenic Acts — Never Equaled
Here. . .
Mats. Sat. and Sun. Same Popular Prices.
Special Mats, on Labor Day and Admission Day
NEXT BURLESQUE— "MISS MAZUMA."
PS tki^WMPji^WM Superior grade of Not- I
tingham, full length and |»
width; plain and figured fc:
ill pK^%^§il^f centers; rococo, florai B
Br i^pfi^l^ and Renaissance borders. \
jA Special to-night, per pair h
AMUSEMENTS.
INGLESIDE
COURSINOARL
* Every
SATURDAY
and
SUNDAY.
Coursing will begrin at 11 o'clock thirp and
ctr.tinue until the last wtnmns Sac (o«* up.
TOTAL PRIZES : : : $2003
All Mlsslon-st. cara transfer to Guerr«ro
cars, which go direct to the park.
JOHN GRACE. Judge.
EDWARD SHOUTSTAO. Slipper.
— CALIFORNIA — .
MATINEE TO-DAT.
Last Time To-night.
Marie Swan's Clev»r Comedy '•
Melodrama, ;
The Man of Mystery
The Great Detectiv* PUy. {
TO-MORROW NIGHT.
Opening of Regular Season,
FLORENCE ROBERTS
Initial Appearance In
TESS OP TJfZ D'URBERVILLES
MONDAY— Seat Sale for "SAPHO.'-
MARCUS AND~GARTELLE
And a Splendid Show Every Afternoon
and Evcalnsr in the Theater.
TAKE A RIDE ON THE
MISriATUBE ELECTRIC BAILBOAP.
THREE BABY LIONS IN THE ZOO.
INSPECT CABARET DE LA MORT.
PBISMATZC ELECTIiTC 7OTTNTAXH
DISPLAY TO-iaOHT.
ADMISSION 10c | CHILDREN 5a
When Phoning Ask for "The Chutes."
M1SCELLAX EO L S A31 US^IEXTS^
BASEBALL.
San Francisco vs. Tacoma
AT RECHEA'flON PARK.
Elzhth and Harrison sts.
WEDNESDAY. THURSDAY and FRIDAT.
S::JO P. M.
SATURDAY. 3 P. M.
SUNDAY 2:30 P. M.
LADIES FREE THURSDAY AND .FRIDAT.
Advance sale of -phis at 3?Stct!vt'6n ¦•"
MISCKI.LAN' KOt S. ;1 r ¦
Cool and
Comfortable
is the man whose linen is sent home
by in. .
No excessive starch or rough edge;
to annoy or chafe, but a sweet cleanli-
ness that the daintiest mind and eys
can enjoy. p:>Z* T
UNITED STATES- LAUNDRY,
1004 MABXET STRSST.
Ttlephon* Sottth 420.
PalsrA D °N' T fAI1 - TO
r mate see the beantifll j
j COURT Lounging
/¦fill room, the EMPIRE
uuu parlor, the
C j PALM ROOM, the
iirnnd louis xv par.
U1UI1U LOR. and the LA-
U^i^i,, DIES * WRITING
I Hotels room-
Weekly CaU, $1 per YearGustav Kohn of New Orleans has pre
sented to Tulane University his price
less natural history collection, which
comprises every living" creature native
to Louisiana, beside: a scientific li
brary of 1000 valuable volumes.
Points to Kcihcmbcr.
Fountiiln Pen Points. We sell "Water
man's Ideal" and "The Marshall," the
best $1.00 pen in the world. ' Sanborn
yall & Co., 741 Market at • '
The United ' States" Civil Service
Commission announces examinations
on September 21 at San Francisco, Los
Angeles, Marysville and Fresno," Cal.",
and Reno, Nev.: Artist,*' : - Bureau' '. ot
P'orestry, Department of Agriculture,
$900 per. annum; age limit, 20 years
or over; application form 1312. Inter
preter (Polish and Yiddish) , immi
gration service, $1000 per annum; age
limit, 20 years or over; application
forms 304 and 1141. Mechanical
draftsman, Ordnance Department, at
large; $1200 per annum; age, 20 years
or over. % Aid, division of physical an
thropology, National Museum; age
limit, 20 years or over; application
form" 1312. Apply to the United
States Civil Service Commission,
Washington, D. C, or to the district
secretary, 301 Jackson street, San
Francisco, for these application forms.
dril Service Examinations.
Justice of the "Peace ' Jennesa of
Santa Monica has set to-day for the
hearing in the case of the Fish Com
mission against Saumel Cripe, who al
leges that he mistook a doe for a buck
and shot It.
Ten -Japanese were killing quail
near Salinas last week, when Deputy
Smart appeared on the scene and ar
rested them. Justice of the Peace
Brown of Salinas compelled the little
brown sportsmen . to part with $100.
Justice of the Peace Stephenson of
Riverside refused to listen to Arthur
Lapp's story that he had never heard
of the quail law when the case came
up for hearing Thursday, and induced
the defendant to- aid the. State to the
extent of $25.
Charles Vogelsang, executive officer
of the fish Commission, announces
that Deputy M. F. Janes arrested John
Crabtiee at -Visalia yesterday for kill
ing- a doe. A Justice of the Peace
heard the evidence in the case and
fined Crabtree $25.
Deputies of Fish Commission Cause
Many Hunters to Contribute Funds
to State Treasury.
DIFFICULTIES BESET
GAME LAW VIOLATORS
Major I*. S. Schmltt,* secretary; Major W
J. Hanna, Captain W. W. Lovett, • Captain
Charles Jansen. Captain G. Petty. Colonel S.
H. Finley. General J. B. La.uck,-« Colonel C. J.
Kvane General Robert Wankowski Major w'
W. Phillips. Lieutenant Colonel J. F. Connolyi
Lieutenant Colonel • E. A. Forbes, Major D
A. Smith, Colonel R. K. Whitmorc.
Resolved. That * committee consisting of an
officer from each organization present be ap
pointed to express to Major General MacAr
thur and -the. other officers above mentioned
our sincere appreciation and thanks and the
produce of our hearty co-operation in the
future
Resolved. That we, the officers of the Na
tional Guard here assembled In camp, are in
debted to Major General- MacArthur'. United
Staff* army, and the/ other officers above
mentioned: and be It further
Whereas. The officers of the National Guard
desire to express their appreciation of the
courteous treatment end beneficial Interest
shown them by Major General Arthur Mac-
Arthur, United States army, the officers at
tached to his headquarters and the other offi
cers of the United States army in camp; there
fore be it .
Whereat, The National Guard of California
has been encamped for fifteen days at Camp
Ataecadero with troop* of th« United State*
army under the command of Major General
Arthur MicArthur. United States army: and
Mrs. Henry, Miss Elizabeth Henry,
Miss Hearne and William Henry, who
have been staying at the Henry ranch
during the encampment, departed for
their home In San Jose this afternoon.
The following resolutions were adopt
ed by the militia officers acknowledging
General MacArthur's kindness to them:
airy headquarters of Colonel E. A. God
win. At each place General MacArthur
made 'a few remarks upon the subject
of the recent maneuvers here.
General MacArthur and staff will
leave for town in the morning.
Mrs. MacArthur, who has been spend
ing the last ten days at Paso Robles,
will join the general at that place.
Among those who left camp this
afternoon for their respective homes
were: Brigadier General J. B. Lauck,
adjutant general;. Colonel Charles J.
Evans, assistant adjutant general di
vision; Lieutenant Colonel C. L. Hewes,
signal officer division: Colonel H. T.
Slme, chief engineer officer, and Major
L. S. Schmltt, aid division.
Coroner Leland yesterday concluded
three inquests that had been contin
ued for the purpose of obtaining fur
ther evidence from the police detec
tive department. No further evidence,
however, was forthcoming and ver
dicts were rendered a3 follows: Juiius
Wolff, who was beaten at a picnic at
Shell Mound Park July 5 and who
died from the effects, was declared to
have been injured by persons un
known. In the case of John Marten
son, an eight-year-old boy. who was
shot in the head July 5, a verdict was
rendered that the shot was fired by
persons unknown. In the case of Ma
ria Colderella, an 18-year-old Italian
girl, who died at 309 Ritch street May
21 of this year, the jury found that
she had died from strychnine poison
ing administered in a manner un
known to the jury. The Italian who
had been living with the young
woman as his wife disappeared after
her death and the police Were unable
to find him. It is believed that he is
now in the East.
Belated Inquests Revive Memories of
Crimes That Have Xot Yet Been
Explained or Avenged.
T1IKEK SIURDKRERS MAKE
GOOD THEIR ESCAPE
The police are searching for an aged
woman in black, who committed a
contemptible theft from a two-year
old boy on Thursday afternoon at Cal
ifornia and Broderick streets. They
have an accurate description of her
and expect to have her under arrest
soon. :
Mrs. J. A. Scrlbner of 1340 Pine
street stepped off a California-street
car at Devisadero street shortly after
2 o'clock. She had her little boy with
her and just as he left the car his hat
was blown off and rolled along the
street. Mrs. Scribner ran after the
hat, leaving her purse, containing $20,
with her little boy.
She recovered the hat and when she
returned to the boy he pointed to an
elderly woman, who was walking hur
riedly along Broderick street, and told
her in his childish way that she had
taken the purse. Mrs. Scribner fol
lowed the woman, who turned east on
Sacramento street and disappeared.
Mrs. Scribner reported the theft to the
police yesterday and gave a descrip
tion of the woman in black.
OTTAWA, Ont., Aug. 26. — The Canadian Pa
ciflc Railway has called a special meeting for
October 4 next to authorize an increase of tho
capital stcck by $5,000,000.
Steamer H. J. Corcoran, Sunday, Aug.
28, for Vallejo, Glen Cove and Antioch. •
The University of Missouri will of
fer a full course In poultry raising. The
poultry business has become one' of the
leading industries of Missouri, the an
nual Income being estimated at $10,
000,000.
Light-Fingered Female For
cibly Takes a Fat Purse
From a Two- Year-Old Boy
A trip to San Jose to-morrow with a Jolly
crowd, $1. Leave 3d & Townsend depot 9 a.m.»
CRANDELL IS HELD.— Jesse L. Crandell,
the rcientiflc maker of a plaster mold for a sil
ver dollar, was held to answer before the Fed
eral Grand Jury yesterday by United States
Commissioner Heacock. His bonds were flzed
at $li>00.
POLICE SEEK
WOMAN THIEF
Yesterday Heller called at the olKce
of C. J. Jordan, a money lender in the
Phelan building. He presented sev
eral warehouse receipts for barrels of
liquor purporting to be in the Phoenfx
distillery, Louisville, Ky. Jordan
thought the certificates were genuine,
but suspected they had been stolen.
Heller asked for a loan on the certif
icates and Jordan quietly telephoned
to police headquarters. Jordan kept
Heller In conversation till Detective
Ed Gibson arrived and took him into
custody. A dispatch was "sent "to
Louisville* and a reply was received
that there was no Phoenix distillery
known there.
As soon as the two women who fur
nished Heller's bail learned of his ar
rest here they called^ at the Hall of
Justice and said they wanted to sur
render him into custody. They de
clined to become responsible for him
any longer.
Henry Heller is again in trouble.
He was arrested in Los Angeles re
cently and brought to this city,
charged with selling barrels of whis
ky to liquor dealers on false ware
house receipts. He was released on
S300 cash bail furnished by two
women friends, but his- case has not
yet been disposed of in the Police
Court.
Our official route to the World's Fair is
Southern Pacific, Denver and Rio Grande and
Burlington routa. Our special train will leave
San Francisco 11 a. m.. Saturday, September
3. Charles H. Turner, grand secretary N. S.
G. W.; Laura J. Frakes, grand secretary N.
D. G. W. •
X. S. G. W., X. D. G. W. Attention*
Henry Heller Tries to Bor
row Money on Bogus Ware
house Receipts for Liquor
WHISKY ONLY
IN HIS MIND
The California Methodist Annual
Conference, which meets at Pacific
Grove "September 14, will be asked to
return Dr. White to the pastorate of
the Central Methodist Episcopal
Church in this city. Dr. White, who
was formerly president of the Univer
sity of Southern California, has been
for several years pastor of the Central
Church and his term having expired
that congregation petitions for his re
turn to the charge.
Requests the Pastor's Return.
A large percentage of the Municipal
Civil Service Employes' Association ex
press themselves as not being in favor
of all the proposed amendments to the
charter affecting the service of the city
employes, which will be submitted to
a vote of the people next November.
The amendments provide, in brief,
that all municipal offices be kept open
from 9 a, m. to i p. m.; that each em
ploye shall have two weeks' vacation
with pay and be given a half-holiday
with pay every Saturday. The Satur
day half-holiday is favored by most
of the employes, but it is the opinion
of some that the other two could be
dispensed with in order to insure the
success of the half-holiday proposition.
It Is the intention to have a bill in
troduced in the next Legislature pro
viding for a half-holiday In all public
offices on Saturdays. Even if a gen
eral law Is passed on the subject It
might be necessary to amend the char
ter in view of the constitutional pro
vision giving San Francisco and other
cities the right to govern themselves
in matters municipal.
At all events It looks as though some
of the municipal employes will be found
working for but one proposed amend
ment relating to the half-holiday, al
though some of the more
will urge the adoption of all the propo
sitions by the people.
Mr. and Mrs. 8. J. Irwln. Ceres. Cal.: W. B.
Hage. San Diego; Mr. and Mrs. Fred S. "W*tt.
Oakland; Dr. and Mrs L*roy Anderson, San
Luis Obispo; Mr. and Mrs. F. C. Butler, No
vato; Mr. and Mrs. W. A. Schwandt, Bridge
port; Mr. and Mrs. H. M. Walford and one
friend, Ferndale; M. G. Ealmlna, Sarger.ts; P.
JMser and others, Spoonville; Mr. and Mrs. L.
J. Siple. Point Arena; C. E. Hill, San Fran
cinco; Mr. and Mrs. C. E. Cody and Miss Arn
irtine, San Francisco; Mr. and Mrs. Oscar Boul
lin^er, San Francisco; Fred Lelser. Dos Talc«;
Mr. and Mrs. George G. Knox. Sacramento;
Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Roussel, Alameda; E. B.
Willey, San Francisco; H. P. Glasler. Oak
land; J. R. Murphy, Fresno; Mr. and Mrs. R.
A. Simpson, Ferndale: A. Jensen, Ferndale;
E. T. Fltzpatrick, San Francisco.
The Dairymen's Association meets in
Sacramento on Tuesday, when the
matter of aggressive operations will be
taken up. E. F. Schulz, secretary of
the State Dairymen's Association, has
informed the California Promotion
Committee that the prospects are good
for a representative showing from his
association, which is the central organ
ization of dairymen, embracing eight
minor organizations throughout the
State.
Dairymen thro'ughotlt California will
make \a. strong effort to 1 have the na
tional butter-makers' convention of
1905 held in this State. As an argu
ment and an object lesson, the Cali
fornia Promotion Committee will send
a native-born cow to the, bufter
makers' convention at St. Louis in
October. .
.The animal will not be expected to
make any vocal argument, though It
has a healthy moo. Its sleek appear
ance, the committee thinks, will make
the Eastern butter-makers wonder
what sort of a cow paradise California
Is. .
I Betwen 6000 and 8000 delegates attend
the meetings of the National Butter
makers' Association, and if held in San
Francisco next year It will be the
largest agricujtural convention ever
brought to this State. In order to get
this convention, California dairymen
Intend to make a big show at St. Louis
when the national association meets.
A number of excursions have already
been planned to take 'Californians to
St. Louis. The California Creamery
Operators' Association will give an ex
cursion which will leave San Francisco
October 16, stopping en route at Salt
Lake City, Colorado Springs, Denver,
Lincoln, Omaha, St. Joseph and Kansas
City. It is expected that at least one
train will be made up from the Cali
fornia Creamery Operators' Associa
tion. Although the announcement of
the excursion has been but recently
made, the following have already sig
nified their intention of going:
At a recent meeting of the Labor
Council President Baufn offered a reso
lution denouncing Drinkhouse's meth
ods in foisting his cigars on the trades
people. This resolution was referred to
the executive committee of the coun
cil, which body made a careful inves
tigation of the allegations, summoning
the offender before it and hearing from
him his version and excuses for forc
ing the sale of the cigars of which he
Is the agent. "With him several whole-.
Eale cigar manufacturers were interro
gated regarding the charges of the
Cigarmakers' Union, all of whom sub
stantiated the charges. It was stated
that saloon men declined to come for
ward, fearing to incur the displeasure
of the Police Department, in whose
power their license is vested.
The result of the Investigation was
that th'e executive committee indorsed
the resolution of the Cigarmakers'
Union in recommending the removal of
Commissioner Drinkhouse. That the
action of the Labor Council may bear
fruit one section recommends that a
committee from the council wait on
Mayor Schmitz.
With the view of following up the
Issue while it Is hot, a copy of the
resolution will be presented to the
Building Trades Council at its next
meeting.
Several of the delegates stated that
It Is almost Impossible to obtain a
union cigar in any of the cigar stands
controlled by saloon-keepers. Accept
ing the views and the language of the
delegates It is a question "whether
Drinkhouse should control the cigar
business in this city by virtue of his
position as a Police Commissioner or,
whether the Cigarmakers' Union shall
go under." The vote of the members
of the council was unanimous.
After a short and snappish debate
the Labor Council decided last night
that Police Commissioner J. A. Drink
house is using "'moral intimidation" on
the saloon-keepers in this city to make
them patronize his cigars instead of
the International Blue Label brand.
William E. Slader, a gunner of the
Fifth Battalion, field artillery U. S. A..
was badly hurt while the artillery was
out for drill. Captain John L. Hayden
•was in command. They were at the
south end of the big camp field and
were just starting into the country,
when the guidon carried by one of
the sergeants, in some unaccountable
way. struck a pole which was sup
porting the telegraph wire of the sig
nal service corps, knocking It down.
As the wire fell it caught Slader under
the chin and threw him with great force
from his seat directly under the wheels
of the caisson, which passed over his
bead and legs. He was taken to the
general field hospital. His injuries are
Ferious and painful, but not danger
ous. That he was not killed instantly
seems to have been almost a miracle.
General MacArthur made farewell
official calls on the different United
States army organizations remaining
in camp here. He left his headquar
ters at 5 o'clock in the signal corps
auto, accompanied by Major West,
Captain Wlnn and Colonel S. P. Joce
lyn. He first called on the officers of
the First Brigade, Colonel A. C. Mark
ley commanding, who were assembled
at the headquarters of the provisional
regiment. He next vlsltetl the officers
of the Second Brigade, Colonel H. C.
Ward commanding. His final call was
on the officers of divisional cavalry,
divisional artillery, divisional hospital
and divisional signal corps at the cav-
ATASCADERO. Aug. 26.— The pro
visional division at this camp is now
a thing of the past. Th« booming of
the cannon at 6 o'clock to-night, while
the band pleyed "The Star-Spangled
Banner,", announced that the division
v.2s dissolved.
The big maneuvers are closed and
r.oT\\ as fast as practicable, the troops
v. ill so to the!r home posts.
Both General MacArthur and Gen
eral Lauck are pleased at the outcome.
These were the sentiments expressed
l&st night at a meeting held here In
the assembly tent at which all the of
f.icers of both the regulars and militia
were present. General MacArthur pre
sided. While the militia thought the
work imposed upon them at the start
whs too rtrenuous, they find that they
have learned many object lessons and
they leave the scene o-f the greatest
combined maneuvers of both forces
that has ever taken place on this coast
in splendid spirits, fine health and with
a marvelously increased knowledge of
what a real United States military
camp is like.
The great camp field looks like a
deserted village. Only a few piles of
firewood and a lot of scattered straw
remain to mark the spot where at sun
lise this morning nearly 3000 troops
encamped. At daybreak the men
commenced to pull up stakes and each
organization marched out of camp on
exactly schedule time. On arrival at
Atascadero station they found that
Colonel \V. S. Patton had their respec
tive trains awaiting them, which they
ct once boarded and steamed away to
their different home stations. The ar
rangements were so perfect that some
of the troops were settled in the cars
and ready for departure before the an
nounced time. The first train departed
at 8 a. m. and the last at 5 p. m. Not
an accident happened to mar the en
training. There were eight trains, con
t-iFting of sixty-eight passenger cars
and thirty-eight baggage cars, besides
tars for 250 animal?. As the different
regiments left the camp their bands
j'luyed patriotic airs and festive
inarches. The Second Regiment was
the first to leave and as that organiza
tion went by headquarters the band
l>!ayed "Au!d Lang Syne."
BY lTtKD M. «II31OltK.
Gathering of gutter-Makers
AVill Draw a Number of
. Local Produce Merchants
Delegates Will Ask Schmitz
to Remove Commissioner
Whom They Have Accused
Bill Will Be Introduced
in Next Legislature ; Cov
ering the Desired Point
31en Are in Good Spirits
and Well Satisfied With
Their Stav at Atascadero
BIG DELEGATION TO GO
OFFICERS AEE PLEASED
WILL APPEAL TO 3IAY0K
JO UKGE GENERAL LAAV
Mrs. Jennie ' Gilmore stepped out, of
the Branch County Jail, where she had
served three months for disturbing the
peace, to find her lifelong friend,, Mrs.
John Prior and six other men were
playing "tappa," an Italian game of
chance, when they were arrested for
gambling, and as nobody connected
with the prosecution seemed able to
tell how the game was played Judge
Cabaniss continued the case until fur
ther information on that point can
be obtained.
Seventeen-year-old George Roach,
who was found asleep in a Southern
Pacific freight car, pleaded that his
intent was not larcenous, as he had
stolen a ride Jn the car from San Jose
and was nabbed before; he could get
out. By request of the Southern Paci
fic's attorney the charge of burglary
was dismissed.
• • •
J. B. Gilmore was charged with bur
glary by the policeman who found him
asleep In a North Beach warehouse,
but as no plunder was found in his
possession ar.d there was no evidence
that he had forced an entrance, it
looked like dismissal for him, when he
suddenly expressed a desire to plead
guilty to disturbing the peace. His
offer was promptly accepted and he got
thirty days.
• . • •
George Henry was arrested five times
within as many weeks for selling lot
tery tickets at 907 Market street, and
each time he was fined $40. "If you
come back here on a similar charge it
will cost you more than $40," said Ca
baniss, "for the thing is becoming mo
notonous to me."
John Wilson, who committed bur
glary at Berkeley and 6old his plun
der in San Francisco, _ was sent to
the Superior Court by Judge Cabaniss,
with bail fixed at $2000.
"I can't do that," said the Judge,
"but at the expiration of thirty days
she can be sent to the Almshouse."
"I will see to it that she goes there,"
said the officer.
¦'The clothes these women claim 1
tried to steal were my own that I
brought from San Jose," she Insisted.
Patrolman Lambert said the old
woman was so strongly imbued with
the petty larceny habit that she could
not pass anything portable without en
deavoring to steal it. Her specialty
was "swiping" domestic utensils from
back yards, but if she saw an open
door she could not resist the temptation
to enter and explore. Her pilferings
were usually, of such light value, and
her destitution so apparent, that her
victims seldom had her arrested. But
it would be a good thing for the woman
herself, as well as for the community
at large, the policeman said, if she
were sent to jail for the remainder of
her days. *
Sixty years of age and a confirmed
kleptomaniac, Mrs. Theresa Farrell was
sentenced to thirty days' imprison
ment by Police Judge' Cabaniss after
she had informed him that she was
homeless. She stole clothing from Mrs.
Frederickson of 14 Godus street and
Mrs. Margaret McCarthy of 216 Pros
pect avenue, but stoutly denied both
accusations.
Mrs. Frederickson testified that she
met the defendant as she was coming
out of a room in her house with a silk
skirt and other garments in her pos
session. Mrs. McCarthy swore that
when she caught the defendant in the
act of plundering her house she had
to apply physical force to get back her
property. Despite these unequivocal
charges the defendant declared that
she never even coveted her neighbor's
goods, much less attempt to steal
them.
Gustav Scherf, the deputy pound
master who shot and killed Rudolph
W. Schultze last Wednesday at South
San Francisco, spent a - very uncom
fortable quarter of an hour yesterday
morning in the courtroom of Police
Judge Cabaniss, where he was ar
raigned on the murder complaint filed
by his victim's brother. There was
palpable dread in the furtive glances
he shot from time^o'time at the throng
that filled every available inch of
standing room and stared at him with
expressions in which there was little
or no sympathy. During the formal
arraignment his mind «emed to be
concentrated upon the demeanor of thfe
crowd instead of the words that meant
so much to him. A lonely figure he
was, neither attorney nor friehd being
there to speak to him or for him. He
said he had not made any arrangement
to engage counsel, and the Judge sug
gested that he. communicate with his
family or friends and get legal assist
ance.
After the arraignment the prelim
inary examination was continued till
next Thursday, by which time a Coro
ner's jury will have investigated the
killing of Schultze. As the defendant
was led back to the prison the crowd
surged out ahead of him, and from
courtroom to elevator he walked be
tween living walls. But no deed/ of
violence was attempted nor intemper
ate word uttered.
Margaret. Galvln was exactly seven
hours out of Jail, where she had spent
a month for. drunkenness, when a po
liceman found her, intoxicated and in
capable of walking. In police circles
she Is Known aa -"the aristocratic
drunk," because she has rear and per
sonal property of value and keeps a
maid.
"You. might as well fine me and. let
me go," she Baid to Judge .Cabaniss,
"for sending me to Jail only serves to
keep me sober while I'm there, and the
city might as well profit by my mis
fortune." ,
"Your philosophy is patriotic," said
his Honor, "and I guess I'll make it
$10 this time."
She paid the money on the spot.
• ' • •
Clark Jayne, convicted of stealing $5
from John Cunningham, was sent to
the Superior Court by Judge Fritz,
with bail fixed at 52000.
Kitty Wilson, awaiting her with oral
and liquefied solace, the latter contained
in a pocket flask. Together the ladies
started to walk to the city's center,
and as confinement in the prison had
impaired Mrs.'' Gilmore's pedestrian
prowess to some' extent she occasion
ally dropped into a saloon, accom
panied by herl faithful crony, to rest.
That's how both of them happened to
be placed; under, arrest for. drunken
ness and .fighting: before they, arrived
at^their destination. The. policeman
found them 'locked in embrace and
when he split them asunder the face
of each trickled' gore from/ sundry
scratches made by finger nails. Mrs.
Gilmore told Judge Cabaniss that Mrs.
Wilson was entirely to blame for the
encounter, but his Honor sent her back
to the "Branch" for thirty days and
discharged her; sister defendant. "
Begin Pulling Up Stakes at
Daybreak and Start for
Home on Schedule Time
Labor Council Declares Unan r
imously That Drinkhouse
Is a Menace to Unionism
Promotion Committee Will
Use Li ving_ Argument to
Gather Dairymen Here
Some City Employes Do Not
i Favor the Other Proposed
Amendments to Charter
Gustav Scherf Appears a Lonely Figure in Police
Judge Cabaniss 1 Courtroom, Neither Friend
Nor Attorney Being Present to Encourage Him
TROOPS LEAVE
MANEUVER CAMP
WILL SEND COW
TO CONVENTION
WANT SATURDAY
HALF HOLIDAY
SLAYER OF R. W. SCHULTZE
IS ARRAIGNED FOR MURDER
WILL DEMAND
HIS REMOVAL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 27, 1904.
""Fruit markets will close to-morrow. Picnic,
Ban Joee; round trip, fl; a Jolly time. •
10
GRAPE-XCTS AXD POSTUM.
The Food
Route
To Brains
is a sure end pleasant way.
VThy should one flounder along with a
worn <lown, fagged out Brain when a
simple experiment with food will re-
store, rebuild, strengthen and nourish
that came Brain and put it In shape to
work hard, make money and do things.
What's the Use
to trifle. Cut out the old time heavy
breakfast and try this—
A LITTLE FRUIT,
1 SOFT BOILED EGGS, TOAST.
A SAUCER OF GRAPE-NUTS AND
RICH CREAM AND
A CUP OF POSTUM.
(Postum boiled full 15 minutes.)
The Result
will Bhow In a day or two and rtow
plainer from day to day as the Phos-
phatic elements specially provided in
Grape-Nuts and Postum begin to nil
the delicate little cells in brain and
nerve centers with gray matter. That
means stronger, sturdier set of brains'.
stBE SURE SURE
Grape-Nuts 10 days.
"There's a Reason."
World's Fair Exhibit. Space 108, Agricul-
*wal Buildin.
APVERTISE^IEyTS.
' tv7M\S>^ J
Regular price ?i.00. . I sell it for
, Sl.ii 5. You can never enjoy the
limit of pleasure in shaving until you
have used a STAB SATETS" RASOS.
I WAHT TOT/B OIJ> SAZO3 for
my collection. Will make you a liberal
allowance for it on a new one. 1 sell
good Razors as low as Sl.OO-
POCKET KNIVES, good ones, at
! St.OO and upward.
i SC3SSOE3 as low as 2r»c- Other
i lines of Cutlery at moderate prices.
' Two burs Williams' Shaving So^p.
, 15c.
'' Razors honed and ground. Honing.
' I 25c«.
Mall orders promptly filled,
THAT MAN PITTS,
F\ W. PITTS. Th» Stationer,
1008 MARKET STREET. Ov?. Tilth.
SAN FRANCISCO.
GO.NfOSRHCEA AND USXTfABT SISCHABSS3L
CT^^5^g *M V g »¥ * fir iSaR
A CURE LN" 48 HOURS.
DR. JORDAN'S great J
OF ANATOMY)
A QJ) lS51K12XX;3S.t«t.C;k*7tt.t.raal. A
X C*> .. Ths LarrsM Aaatowcal Momujh !a tk» \
0 ee&kSe*. World - "Mkn««"« »r <ay costneted Q
O fM^jj Spe^iii: .a tils Cout E«.36yetr». Q
6 H&4»'{3 OS. J3SDAH-CI3EASES OF MEN }
ff fi jfjil* " T.-T»rcncnl pcrl3n*:>jr or br letter. A M
\ g y Xl R| ffHtmm CW« is every c»* undertakes. V
A P 1 llw v "'» ;> -e '¦">* 3 ¦"¦t. r3iLS<un; »r A
V' A V» HitxnUGB, uAiLea pkss. u"
A (j (I Talatbl. book lor nrn) x
V liVt. JnnDA.f A CO, IM1 -WarirKt St.. 1. F. 9
\ jgtfvrcn^i CURE SICK HEADACHE
! SSIi-tie 62nu!r.3 Must Bear
e:R Fa>Si.iiiie Signature
OCEAN TRAVEL /
Sc\r- pv. Steamers leave Broadway
/£,y>2S-<QX wharves «r>iers 9 and 11).
: /V;^ N^j\ An Francisco:
/Q/TL4«|>» \*A *' or Ketchikan. Wrangel.
I I \lfc*Ks 1 I Jur.cau. Haines. Skafftvay,
I \ \*^*&ik I rtc • Alaska- 11 a m.. Auj.
WV. \i •>OV ls . —'• -"*• Sept. 2. Changs
V5ikX»I^^X'y/ to this company'* steamers
>3*»fi*ift^/ at Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Towr.send. Seattle, Tacoraa. Everett.
Eellingfcara— 11 a. m.. Aug-. 13. 23. '2$. Sept. 2.
Change at Seattle to this company** ateamer*
I for Ala?Ua ami G. N. Ry.: at Seattle or
Tacoraa to ft, P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P.
Ry.
Fcr Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:30
p. m., Au?. 20. 26, Sept. 1; Corona, 1:30 p. m..
Ausj. 23, 20. Sect. 4.
For L03 Ar.sel?s (via Port Lcs Angeles and
Itedondo), San Dieju and Sacta Barbar*—
Santa Ro!>a, Sundays, 8 a. r.i.
State of California. Thursday*. 9 a. m.
For Los Anzeles tvla San Pedro and Cast
San FedroV Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Oayucoa, Port Harford (Saa
Luis Obiai'O). Ventura and Huenesae.
Bonlta. 9 a. m., Aug. 19. 27, Sept. 4.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Aug. 23, 31, Sept. 8.
For Enserwda. MagiJalcna Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Ma^atlan. Alt.ita. La Pax. Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymas <Mex.). 10 «. m.. 7th each mo.
For further Information, obtain folder. Right
! Is reserved to change steamer or sailing dates.
TICKET OT PICES — 4 New Montgom-
j ery st. (Palace Hotel >. 10 Market St., and EroaA-
i way wharves. Trsi?it Ofics, 10 Market »t.
C. D. DUXANN. Ceneral Passenger Ajent.
; 10 Market St., San Francisco.
Th« Pacific Transfer Co., 20 Sutter «t. win
call for and check baggage from hotel* and
residences. Telephone Exchange 312.
AMSIilCAU Z.JTTZ.
Plymontli — Cfcertoourjr — Southampton.
From New York. Saturday, 9:30 a. m.
St. Paul .Sept. 3iGermanic Sept. IT
Philadelphia... Sept. 10|N>w York. Sept. 24
ATLiimC TBAKSPO&T U2?2.
New York — London Btract.
Mnhaha-.rif-pt. 3. 11 am[Mesaba..Sept. 17. » am
Minneapls.Sept.10.6 amlMisnetka.Sept.24, 5 am
X)OaXX2TIO2T ItI.MlI.
Montreal — Liverpool — Sfc ore sea pass&ffs.
Canada Sept. 3j Kensington.... S«pt. IT
Ottawa Sept. 10i Dominion Sept. 24
H01L&KD-AMEEICA I.X2TE.
New Twln-Scrf»w Steamers of 12.S0O Tons.
Hew Yorli — Rotterdaza, Via Bonlofaa.
Sailing Tuesdays at 10 i. m.
Rotterdam Sept. e|N > oordam......S«9t. SO
Kycdarc Sept. 13lSta.tendam 3epc ST
BED STAS LI5S.
Hew York' — Antwerp — London— -ymrii.
Calling at Dover for London and Paris.
From New York. Saturdays, at 10:30 a. m>
Kroonland Sept. 31 Finland Seat. IT
Zeeland -..Sept. 10| Vadertand S«pt. U
"V7BJ.-i-.ii STAS L1JE.
Vmw York — Queenstown — Liverpool.
Sallinc Wednesdays.
Celtic... Sept. 2. 10 arrlCedrlc. .Sept. 18. 18aa
Baltic... Sept. 7. 3 pm Oceanic. Sept. 21, 3 pm
Majestic. Sept. 14. 10 amlArablc.Sept.23.4:sO pot
JEoston — Qneenstown — Liverpool.
Republic (new) Sspt. •
Cymric Sept. 15. Oct. 13. Not. IT
Cretlc Anr. 25. Sept. S3
NEW SERVICE FXOZX BOSTOZT.
rast Twin-Screw Steamers
Of 11.400 to 15.000 Toss.
NSW YOBX AND BOSTO2T BXBSCT.
To .the Mediterranean,
Via Azores, Gibraltar, Waplas, Oe&oa.
FROM NEW YORK.
REPUBLIC. ..Oct. 20. Dec. 1. Jan. U. Ftb^ 2S
CliETIC Nov. 3. Dec 12. Feb. 4. March IS
FROM BOSTON.
ROM A NIC... Sept. 17. Oct. 23. Deo. 10, Jan. 28
} CANOPIC Oct. 8. Not. 19. Jan. T. Feb. W
First class. $•'."> upward: depending on data.
C. D. TAYLOR. Passenger Agent Pacific Coast.
21 Post St.. San Francisco.
PrS. ALAMEDA, for HonoU 1 u.Au».27. 11 a.ra.
8. S. SIERRA, for ' Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
I lard and Sydney. Thursday, Sept. 8, 2 p.m.
' S.S. MARIPOSA, for Tahiti. Sept. 14. 11 a.ia.
i I.B.SPBICmSiBROS. CO., AjtS. .TictBt G21CS 6-13 3131-
fti Ficizm OSes 329 ttaitat St, Pisr 7, Facias si
C0XPAG3I3 OBNEIULS TSAK3AT&A5TI933.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. jh»i»
Eaitinsr every Thursday Instead of -rfFjCpi
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pisr 42, «*£¦&•'
North River, foot of Morton st.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre. $15 and upward. GENXRAI*
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson but'.dlnz). New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacifto Coast
i Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Franclseev
! Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Ascents.
; To XT. S. Navy Yard an! "Vallejo.
; Stmr«. General Frisble. Monticello and Arrow,
i 9:45 a. m . 12:30, 3:15, 6. S:Z\) p. m. (ex.Sua.);
! Sundays. 0:t5 a. m.. S:30 p. m. Loavj Vallejo
j 7. 0 a. a.. 12:30. 3:15. 8 p. m. (ex. Sun.): Saa-
: days, 7 a. ra.. 4:15 p. m. Pier 2. foot M!s-
t «lon street: phone Main 150S. HATCH BROS.
i .
* To TJ. S. JTavy Yard zad Vail* Jo.
Sunr. H. J. Corcoran— Leaves S. F.. foot of
Clay st.. north end ferry bids. — VVeelt days.
&-30 A. M.. 3 and •» P. M.: Sundays. 9:J<)
A. U.. 8 P. M. Leaves Vallejo— Wees days.
8:50 A. M.. 12:20 and 3:30 p. M. : Sundays. S
P. M. Fare. 25c each way. Excursion rates
Sundays to Vallejo, Glen Cove and Martlaea.
60c round trip. PIPER, ADEN. GOODAXi*
CO. Phons Mala ftil. •Saturday exc«;t«L
Jmii^\ Baked Beans. Fa B
C*$fc*~~$d>\rfa> I Materials: — One quart pea beans, /wjm H
half cuprul molasses - one taWe - Idiii 1
• spoonful salt, half pound salt pork, pj
£ aV**^*^ quarter tcaspoonful dry mustard. §»|I£ »
THE ORIGINAL WORCESTERSHIRE I
S€3SOningI — Baked beans are equally good hot or cold, but how- Jh
ever served they need the piquancy and zest quickly o
imparted by pouring over them a few spoonfuls of S
| JOHN DUNCAN'S SONS, Agenti, NEW YORK. £
j i : : f~" ~ i
..VIA..
UNION AND SOUTHERN PACIFIC
J ¦ - THROUGH CARS each day
September - - - - 1, 2, 5, o, 7, 8, 19, 20, 28, 29
ilrfflnpr ¦¦*'¦'.»• n o «. a 3d5n1Q /fi 7/i
uwiuuwi u, *, «;, v, 17, £v, £y, Li
S. F. BOOTH, General Agent, U. P. R. R.,
I Montgomery street.
OR ANY SOUTHERN PACIFIC AGENT ' 'AMERICAN BARK HOMEWARD BOUND. WHICH. AS THE GERMAN SHIP OTTO GILDEMKISTER. MADE ONE OF THE LONG
EST PASSAGES ON RECORD. rSDER THE AMERICAN FLAG. WITH A YANKEE SKIPPER, SHE HAS JUST FINISHED
AN UNUSUALLY SPEEDY RUN FROM ANTWERP TO THIS PORT.
Unsettled weather condition? continue In the
ir.tPrmountain section. Thunderstorms are re
l>orted at Wlnnemucca, Salt Lake City, Mo
de na. Independence, Flagstaff and El Paso.
Heavy rain has occurred again at Flagstaff.
At El Paso a maximum wind velocity of 38
miles from the east is reported.
Fair, warmer weather prevails in California
and cooler weather. In Orecon and Wash
ington.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. August 27:
Northern California — Fair Saturday, except
thunderstorms in the mountains; warmer;
tresh southerly -wind}!.
Southern California — Fair Saturday, with
thunderstorms in the mountains; continued
warm: light westerly wind.
Nevada — Thunderstoms Saturday; cooler.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair, warmer
Saturday; light north wind, changing to fresh
westerly.
Los Angeles and vicinity — Fair Saturday;
light southwest wind: warmer. ¦ '
A. G. McADIE, District Forecaster.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Sailed Aug 28— Stmr Victorian, for New
York
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Aug 2«— Stmr Re
public, from Liverpool for Boston.
TRIESTE— Sailed Aug 20— Stmr Pannonla.
from New York for Flume.
MOVILLE— Sailed Aug 20— Stmr Bavarian,
from Liverpool for Montreal.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived Aug 26— Stmr Ham
burg, from New York for Hamburg via Cher
bourg.
$1 50 per dozen — fine photos at Lenta's studio.
iilti Mi.rk.rt street. Columbian building. •
Native Sons' Excursion.
California and Paciflc Coast visitors, to the
St. Louis World's Fair who may wish to Jour
ney eastward can reach principal cities and
towns without changing cars by going over
the Vandalla-Pennsylvania lines, the shortest
route from St. Louis to the East. A regular
dally service of seven ' through fast express
trains from St. Louis to* Plttsburg and the
East enables passengers to leave the World's
Fair city at convenient hours throughout the
day. Purchasers of first-clans tickets to Phila
delphia or New York over Vandalia-Penn
sylvanla lines may have them routed via
Washington for the asking, permitting a visit
of ten days at the national capital and Balti
more. For further Information communicate
with E. M. Pomeroy, ti21 Market street, San
Francisco. Cal. . : .V- . •
K. G. H. von Scheele, Bishop of Got
land, Sweden, who is the semi-official
representative of King Oscar, will at
tend the various world's congresses at
the St. Louis exposition.
The Ministerial Union of San Fran-,
cisco will meet on Monday at 11 a. m.
in the auditorium of the Young Men's
Christian Association "under the aus
pices of the Congregational Ministers'
Club. Rev. Dr. Ferrier, editor of The
Paciflc, will read the paper of the day
on the theme, "Christian Literature."
which will be followed by discussion
and a luncheon with the usual after
dinner addresses. AJl ministers of the
city are cordially invited to attend.
Ministerial Union Meeting.
Living up to a name Is a difficult and a great
achievement. Making a new one is greater.
"Old Gilt Edge Whiskey" made a new name so
lorg ago that it Is now able to live up to it aa
an old, old one. •
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian, Paciflc Time.)
PAN FRANCISCO. Auk. 26, 5 p. ra.
The folljwin* maximum and minimum tem
i- riituit-s are reported for the previous day:
Boston S2-(U», Kew Orleans 02-70
Cincinnati IM-tiS 1 Philadelphia 84-72
.lccksonvllle 80-T3| Washington . . . c.\«B-72
Pt. Louis S4-5K New York 82-70
SAX FRANCISCO 68-52.
THE COAST RECORD.
> a 2 2 c & *tf
I H=33 fl Si 5
STATIONS. » K| 1 1 ? § f? &
i c S ¦ ¦ : S
: ?-? i : i
Baker 29. 0O 00 00 N'W Cloudy .00
Carson 23. DO 82 52 NE Pt.Cldy T.
Eurc-ka ..to. 10 00 50 N Clear -<>O
Fresno 29. SO 08 «S NW Clear • .00
BE. FaraJIon..29.05 57 S2 NW Clear .00
Flagstaff 29.JM5 76 4H- NW Cloudy .&2
Pocatello 29.UG 80 00 SK Pt.Cldy T.
Independence .20.92 81! 72 SE Cloudy T.
L03 An{?eles...20.&4 841 0<J W Clear .00
Mt. Tamalpais2a.&7 57 68 NW Clear- .00
North Head ..."«>. 10 5*5 52 S Cloudy T.
Phoenix 29.72 104 78 K Clear .HO
Pt. Reyes L.t.. 29.01 5»- 52 NW Clear .00
Portland 30.02 74 4S NW Cloudy .00
Red Bluff ....29.S4 86 »5« SE Clear AH)
Roseburg ao.00 SO 50 N Pt.Cldy .00
Sacramento ..29.86 02 56 S Clear .00
Salt Lake ....29.JW 8O 58 S Pt.Cldy .10
San Francisco2».»4 68 52 W Clear .00
S. L. Oblspo.. 29.86 88 56 X . Ctear .00
San Diego ....20.82 78 68 N"W* Clear .»>
Seattle 30.04 74 48 W Clear .01
Spokane 29.92 J>2 54 SW Clear .00
Tatoosh 30.0S 58 48 SW Cloudy .00
Walla Walla. .1».K»J !M 60 W Clear .00
Wlnnemucca .20.0s 82 54 NW Cloudy .02
Tuma '....23.70 106 7S N Clear .00
The commission of engineers of the
River and Drainage Association was
again in session at the Flood building
yesterday morning. A. Boschke, for
merly assistant engineer under State
Engineer Hall's administration, sub
mitted plans for controlling the flood
waters of the Sacramento and Old riv
ers. He maintained that by cutting a
canal at Coles Bend and diverting the
surplus water through the basin to the
west of the Sacramento the flooding
of lands in the vicinity of Grand Island
would be prevented.
W. S. Smith, a land owner at Grand
Island, occupied the rest of the morn
ing explaining the conditions on Old
River and Steamboat Slough. Smith
advocated a canal cut from the Sacra
mento River, belo'w where the Old river
ends, through the Montezuma Hills to
Suisun Bay to accommodate the over
flow. He did not think that it would
be expensive, as the cut would not have
to be very deep to accommodate the
surplus water. This work, he thought,
shotfld be paid for by the State.
In answer to Major Dabney's ques
tion as to whether the landowners on
Old River would object to water be
ing carried away from them by open
ing up Steamboat Slough, Smith
thought they would not. He maintained
that Old River was the legitimate con
tinuation of the Sacramento and that
by the constant wash from river steam
ers the point of land at the mouth of
Steamboat Slough had been "worn away
and the sand had piled up at the
mouth, blocking the channel. He
thought, however, that the flow through
Georgiana Slough should be cut off.
The. levees raised to keep back the
floods from Grand Island, he said,
were constructed of sand, and to pre
vent the wind from blowing them away
a rather costly process of oiling them
was adopted. Grasses, have been
planted on the levees and these, it is
hoped, will In time do away with the
necessity for oiling. ¦ , ¦ -
William Muir submitted a paper to
the commission, but It was not read
at the meeting. The. hearing goes on
to-day at 10 o'clock and the session
will be continued for several days.
Earl Cummings, the newly appoint
ed member of the Park Commission,
met with the board yesterday in the
olflce of Commissioner R. H. Lloyd.
His intro&uction was in the matter of
a new park seal. The design chosen
by the board was a representation of
the Claus Spreckels grand music
stand". Mr. Cummings was asked to
exercise his artistic tastes on the pic
ture.
A communication was received from
Supervisor Fay calling 1 the attention
of the Board of Park Commissioners
to the city and county ordinance re
lating to keeping the ocean beach part
of the park clear of rubbish and gam
blers. The sanitary machinery of the
commission will be put to work Im
mediately.
' The board decided not to open the
approach of Forty-ninth street to the
park until that thoroughfare has been
paved. The Board of Fire Commis
sioners was tendered a vote of thanks
for 200 feet of condemned hose. While
this t hose is too weak for the great
pressure of lire work it can be used
in the park for years. Many rare ar
ticles were given to the museum.
Commissioner Lloyd spoke of the
inscription to be cut on the new stone
gateway at the Haight-street entrance
and mentioned that all he could save
from the wreck of the McCauley lit
igation for this gateway was $2300.
"When Mrs. William A. McCauley
four years ago," said Mr. Lloyd, '"in
her will left 'the residue* of her estate
for this purpose she fondly thought
that Golden Gate Park would get a
$20,000 entrance, but after the prop
erty had weathered the Superior and
Supreme courts there was just $2300."
\ "1 can't say what lawyer got the
lost coin," said Mr. Lloyd in reply to
a question of one of his brother Com
missioners.
Will Exercise His Artistic Tasto on
Design for nn Official Seal for
the Board.
Kiver Coniniissioii Engineers
Spend a Long* Session in
Listening to Testimony
PARK COMMISSIONER KARIi
CI73I3IINGS GETS TO WORK
STILL HEARING
FLOOD PLANS
Henry F. Band, a prominent min
ing man of this city, recently made
the trip on the liner Mariposa from
here to Tahiti and back. For his own
information he made close observa
tions of the daily temperature and he
now offers the record for the reassur
ance df any who may have the idea
that the trip to the Paradise of the
Paciflc means encountering? any un
comfortablly warm weather. •
For the sake of comparison with
familiar conditions Band secured from
Professor McAdie of the United States
weather bureau a record of tempera
tures afTios Angeles for correspond
ing dates.
The follow:
Mas. temp. Max temp,
taken L,. Angeles
duiin: same
trip. dates.
July 2 60 80
July 3 82 - 78
July 4 70 — 77
July 5 70 75 •
July 6 73 76
July 7 7» 76
' July S 81 78
July 9 82 .77
July 10 81 86
July 11 81 66
July 12 Ki 81
July 13 77 84
•July 14 S3 18
July 15 SO' 76
July 16 81 78 >
July 17 81 78
July 18 ...." SO 70
July 18.; 78 79
tJuly 20 80 80
July 21 70 8«
July 22 77 83
July 23 78 82
July 24 80 81
July 25 m 86-
July 26 79 88
July 27 76 86
July 2S 71 82
July 2» 67 81 '
July 30 65 78
July 31 63 77
•At Tahiti.
fStarted on return trip.
Passengers on the Mari
posa Keep Tab on the
Changes in Temperature
DAYS ARE f SUMMEELIKE
Voyage to Tahiti Is One
of the Most Charm
ing Trips for Travelers
SOUTH SEAS'
BALMY BREEZES
Notice to Passengers.
Baggace transferred to and from all trains,'
ttetmers, etc.. at low rates. One trunk (sln
fflo trip) 35 cents; round trip 60 cents. Mortoa
Special Delivery. 308 TayUr St.. 050 Market
tt., Oakland Ferry Depot Pntme Exchange 49*
Jacob Schneider, 85 years old, a
member of the California Pioneers,
d'ed suddenly yesterday of heart dis
ease in his room at 845 Mission street.'
lie was an engineer. The Society of
Pioneers has taken charge of the re
mains.
I>eath of a Pioneer.
The Time nail on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
t. e at noon of the 120th meridian or at
8 p in. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT.
. , Lieutenant. U. S. N.. In charge.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal..
August 26. 1904.
Time Ball.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the same at both places.
SATURDAY. AUGUST 27.
Sun rises 5:39
Sun sets ..0:47
Moon rises...... 0:55 a. m.-
O ITlmel [Time Time Time
» I 1 Ft. I Ft. j Ft. Ft.
a |L W| |H W L W H W
sl 5-59 0.6112 :M 4.0 6:14 2.2
H W IL W H W L W i
28 0:24 4.5 0:32 1.0 1:17 4.0 6:52 2.0
29 1:00 4.S 7:02 1.4 1:42 4.0 7:36 1.8
30 1:43 4.2 7:33 .1.7 2:10 4.S 8:20 1.5
31 2:32 4.0 S:12 2.1 2:40 4.8 9:11 1.4
1 I 3:34 3.8| 8:57 2.4 3:20 4.8 10:13 1.1
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides ar« given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order t «f occurrence as to time; the.,
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
elgn precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted, from the depth given by
/the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
TO ARRIVE.
Eteatner. From. Due.
Chlco ! CcQUille River Aug. 27
Leeiana w t Portland Aug. 27
G. W. Eidsr. .; Portland Sc Astoria Aug. 27
Argo I Eel River Ports Aug. 27
Coroaa Humboldt Aug. 27
Centralia ; Ban fedro Aug. 27
Tellus Oyster Harbor Aug. 2S
Nt-wburg Grays Harbor Aug. 28
Coos Hay Ban Pedro tc Way Pts. Aug. 28
G. Lir.dauer. . Gnjrs Harbor (Aug. 28
Arctic. Humboldt [Aug. 23
Curacao j Mexican Ports (Aug. 28
Sierra I Sydney & Way Ports. Aug. 29
UmatiHa Prjget Sound Ports Aug. 29
Coptic China & Jaraa Aug. 29
t-'tate of C*l.. San Diego & Way Pts. (Aug. 29
Eureka Humboldt 'Aug. 29
F Monica Grays Harbor (Aug. 3')
Elrabeth CoquiUe Rlrer |Aug. 30
Sequoia Willapa Harbor j Aug. 30
Porno Point Arena & Albion. (Aug. 30
A'llasce Portland & Way X'orts.jAu«. 30
Pomona Hamboldt |Aug 30
R. Dollar San Pedro Aug. 30
Homer Coos Bay A- Pt. OrfordlAug. 31
Aoapulco New York via Ancon..|Aug. 31
Jcanie ' Seattle & Tacoma Aug. 31
Breakwater. . I Coos Bay !Aug. 31
Point Arena.. Mendocino & Pt. ArenaiSept. 1
Santa Itoea... Eaa Diego &. Way Pts.jScpt. 1
North Fork. .. | Humboldt jSept. 1
Coiuasfcia Portland A Astoria iSept. 1 I
Bonlta I Newport & Way Ports. jSept. 1 ;
Qucea • Puc«t Sound Ports.... (Sept. 3
Mariposa 'Tahiti '.Sept. 6
TO SAIL. •
Steamer. J Destination. | Sails.! Pier.
Angmst 37. j
K. Barbara. Gra>T- Harbor 4 pmlPIer 2
EanPedro.. Humboldt 12 m Pier 2
Ctlco Coquille River .... 4 pm Pier 2
Bonita Newport & Way... 3 am Pier 11
Alameda... Honolulu V 11 axnlPIer 7
Ban Jose ...; N. Y. via Ancon..l2 mfPier 40
Centennial. Seattle & Tacoma.! 5 pm Pier 20
Rainier fceattle & Bellnghm 4 pralpier 10
Aurelia Astoria & Portland 5 pnjIPier 27
PC Arena.. Point Areca 4 pmlPler 2
Cer.tralia... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Anffturt 28.
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
g. Rosa.... Ean Diego * Way. 9 am Pier 11
Arso Eel River Ports... 4 pm Pier 2
August 29.
C. Dollar.,. Gray» Harbor 4 pmlPJer 20
O. \V. ElCer Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Corona Homboldt tl':SO plPier 8
. August 30. I j
P.Monica.. Is* Axseles Ports.'lO amlPier 2
Manchuria- China & Japan 1 psijPier 4U
Ansust 31. I
Lecl2naw.. Seattle direct 2 pmiPier 20
E«re>:a Humboldt. U amlPler in
CowBay,.- K«n Pedro & Way. » amjPler 11
Alliance Eureka & Coos B. 6 pmfPie'r 16
Arctic Humboldt 9 ami Pier 2
September 1. " |
Porr-oca Humboldt l:COr:Pler 9
Pomo Pt Arena & Albion 0 pmiPier 2
Slate of Ca! Fan Diego & Way. 0 arnlHier 11
G. Llnlauer Crayn Harbor iPier —
! September 2. ' . _- j-
Arcata (Coon S. & Pt, Orfdj 4 ptn|Picr 13
Breakwater ; Coos Bay direct B ptn:Pler H
St-qucla • Wlltepa Harbor....' 4 pmiPier 20
Umatilla... j Pwcet Sound Portsjll atulPier 0
September 3. | j
City Panara N. Y. via Ancon. .112 miPier <0
! September 4. i \ ' - a \
North Fork. Humlioldt t .1 pmiPier 20
Columbia..- Actorta i Portlandlll am'Pier 24
- Septeznber 7. I j .
Curacao.... Mexican Port* 110 anfPier 11
Queen Pugct Sound Portsjll amfPler 8
Movements of Steamers.
SAN PABLO BAY. CALIFORNIA.
(UK of Lights and K-ir Signals, Pacific
Coju-t. i;«>4, page 18. No. 4i. and the List of
L:grhts. Bucy? and Daymarks. Paciflc Coast,
3^-4. r>»ge 27.)
Notice is hereby riven that the Mare Island
firait beacon, a three-pile structure eurmount
, *^1 by a fixed white lens lantern light, mark-
Q ir.i; the shoal at the entrance to Mare Island
strait. San Pablo' Bay,"^ California, reported
de«trcyed July 2S. was rebuilt and the lens
lantern light re-established August 25.
By order cf the lighthouse board.
W. P. DAY.
Commander. U. S. N.. Inspector Twelfth Lilght
hou*» District. „:„..•
Notice to Mariners.
JThe big freighter Shawmut, from Taeona,
J* reported to have been ashore In the harbor
at Hongkong. She was floated, but it is net
known what damage, if any, she sustained.
Shautnut Ashore at Hongkong.
The schooner Volant t« making a long pas
sage from San Pedro for Grays Harbor. She
la now out 42 days and her non-appearance
it beginning to cause some anxiety.
Makinjr a Long Passage.
The French bark Michelet. out 114 days from
r>unkirk for Dlegro Suarez, was placed on the
overdue list yesterday, quoted for reinsurance
01 1" p« cent. The Pionier is still on the
boaxd at l>0 per rent: the Englehorn is quoted
at 10 per cent and the Hampton at 6 per cent.
Another Overdue Posted.
The et earner W. II. Kruger arrived yester
day from Prtbylof Island and Dutch ¦ Harbor
with furs from the northern trading stations of
the North American Commercial Company.
Hrr cargo included 1.1.12S seal Fkins and 12
barrels of fox fekin*. She rpoke the brig Har
riet G on August 21 in latitude 47. 4U north.
lr>/igitu<le 143.17 west. The Harriet <1 is bound
Tor thi» port and ha* 14rt.«*> codfirti ealtod
down in her hold. Ttv schooner Antelope was
t-i^kti Aujrtisi 23 in latitude 43.S0. longitude
133.5O. The people on the Antelope wished
to be reported all well.
Rrin«r» Furs From the Xortli.
NEW YORK — Sailed Aug 20 — Stmr Arabic,
for Liverpool. -
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Aug 20— Stmr Trito
nia, from St John. N B, for Glasgow.
HONOLULU— Sailed Aug 20— Bark Geo Cur
tis, for San Francisco.
Arrived Aug 26 — Br etmr Mlowera, from
Victoria for Sydney.
FOREIGN PORTS. *:¦"<*
' GUAYAQUIL— Sailed Aug 25— Gcr atmr
Nicarla. for San Francisco; Ger stmr Pen
taur. for Guatemala.
TENERIFFE— Sailed Aug 5— Ger «tmr Sax
ocia. for San Francisco.
1 YOKOHAMA— Sailfcd July 20— Br stmr St
Hubert, fqr .
ANCQN — Sailed Aug 1C — Slmr Barracouta,
for San Francisco.
COLON— Sailed Aug 21— Stmr Sesuranca, for
New York.
MALTA— Passed Aus 24— Br stmr Indra
ramha from Calcutta for New York; Aug 25 —
Br etmr Jesscric. from Yokohama for New
York.
NEWCASTLE, Aus— Arrived prior to Aug
2C Br stmr Devonshire, from Manila.
SINGAPORE— Arrived prior to Aus 2C — Br
stmr Vulcan, from New York for Manila.
VLADIVOSTOK— Sailed Aus 25 — Ger stmr
Arabia for Hongkong.
SHANGHAI — Arrived Aug 26^ — Schr David
Evans, from Oregon.
-COQtTIMltO — Arrived Aug 2G— Schr Alumna,
from Willapa Harbor.
ENSENADA— Sailed Aug 26 — Stmr Curacao,
for San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMER8.
Thursday. August 2»5.
Stmr W H Kruger. Ahlin. 10 days from
Pribylor Islands, via Dutch Harbor a <layn
6 hours. . -'¦•', ¦-:
Stmr F A Kllburn. Thompson. 7 hours from
Pert Rogers.
Stmr Del Norte. Payne. S5 hours from Cres
cent City.
• Ptmr Santa Barbara. Zaddart, 40 hours from
Redondo.
Stmr South Coast. ' Olsen, 15 hours from
Caspar.
Stmr Grace Dollar. Olsen. 90 hours from
Mukllteo.
Stmr Lakme. Christiansen. 20 hours from
Eureka.
Stmr Alcatraz. Anderson. 55 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Maggie. Corning, 4 hours from Half
xnoon Bay.
Schr Abble. Larsen, 20 hours from Ross
Landing.
Schr Jennie Wand. Christensen, 7 days from
Grays Harbor.
Schr Onward, Anderson, Z\% days from Ban
don.
CLEARED.
Thursday. August 26.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. San Diego and
way ports; Pac Coast S S Co.
i-trr»r Bonita, Preble, San Pedro and way
ports: Pac Coast S S Co.
Stmr Argyll. Gilboy. Honolulu; Union Oil Co.
Thursday, August 2f5.
Etror F A Kilburn, Thompson. Port Rogers.
Ptmr Eureka, Jesaen Eureka.
Stmr Mapgie, Corning, Half moon Bay.
Stmr Pomona. Swar-son, Eureka.
Stmr North Fork, Nelson, Eureka.
Stmr Breakwater, Seaman. Coos Bay.
Stmr Homer. Donaldson. Coos Bay.
Stmr Gipsy. L"eland. Monterey and way ports.
Stmr Santa. Barbara. Zaddart. Grays Harbor.
Stmr Rival. Fosen. Fort Bragg.
P.ktn ChehaliJ:. Sirrfpson, Coos Bay.
Schr Soquel. Bennett. Port Townsend.
Schr Mary Etta Beck. .
Schr Newark, Kelnertsen, ,
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS — Aug 26. 10 p m — Weather
hazy; wind N\V; velocity 12 miles per hour.
MEMORANDUM. , '—
Per Btmr W H Kruger at San Francisco
Aug 26 — Left in port at Dutch Harbor— H B M
stmr Shearwater. TJ S stmr Richard Rush,
echr Monterey with 4 whales.
SPOKEN.
Per Ftmr W H Kruger— Aug 21. 8 a m. lat
47 40 N. long 143 17 W. brig Harriet G. from
Bering Sea for San Francisco, with 140,000
Aug 23, 8:33 a m— Lat 43 40 N, long 133 50
TV. schr Antelope, hence Aug 9 for Siuslaw;
*' * C ' • DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Sailed Aug 25— Stmr Humboldt,
for Skagway. «,.''« ,.
Arrived Aug 26. 0:40 a m — Stmr Queen, he .
Aug 23.
Sailed Aug 2C. 9:15 a m — Stmr .Umat ilia, for
San Francisco. »
Arrived Aug 2(5 — Stmr Tampico. from Nome.
Balled Aug 23 — Schr Aloha, for Kaananali.
Arrived Aug 2C — Stmr Victoria, from Nome.
SAN'TA BARBARA— Sailed Aug 26 — Stmr
State of California, for San Diego.
EUREKA— Arrived Aug 20 — Stmr Phoenix,
from Fort Pragg
Arrived Aug 26 — Stmr Pasadena, hence
Saifed Aog 26 — Stmr Corona, for San Fran
cisco- stmr Navarro. for San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND — Arrived Aug 26 — Schr
Vega, from Golovln Bay.
COOS BAY— Sailed Aug 25— Schr Novelty.
°Arrived AugM — Stmr Toledo, from Crescent
City
REDONDO— Arrived Aug 2C— Stmr Asuncion,
e .ASTORLV— Sailed Aug 2C— Schr Alice Me-'
Donald, for San Pedro; echr AVra Renton. for
SA.\ PEDRO— Arrived Aug 20— Stmr Robert
Dollar, from Port Harford; stmr Alcatraz. fm
Port Haxford; itmr Coos Bay, from Port Har
ford- stmr Santa Cruz^from Port Hafford.
Sailed Aug 26 — Stmr Iaqua. for San Fran
cisco: stmr, Bee. for San Francisco; etmr Coos
Bay for San Francisco. •
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Aug 26— Schr Lucy, for
Umpqua, River. - „,. '
GRAYS • HARBOR— Arrived Aug 26— Stmr
Coronado. hence Aug 23.
Sailed Aug 25— Schr Sophie Christiansen, for
Ean Francisco: bktn Newsboy, for Santa 1 Ro
salia: schr LettltJa for Golovln Bay; stmr
Aberdeen, for San Francisco; «mr G C Lin
dauer. for San Francisco; Aug 20— Stmr Olym
pic, for San Francteco.
ISLAND PORTS.
ARRIVED
SHIPPING IXTELI,IGI-IXCE.
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. Destination. j Sails.
City Topeka.. ETttgway & Way Ports. !Aug. 20
Senator Nome JAug. 30
Dirigo I Pkagway & Way Ports.! Aug. S'j
Dolphin Skapway & Way PortP.tAuR. :U
Valencia Skag-«-ay & Way Ports. (Aug. :tl
City Seattle.. Skapway & Wav Ports. '.Sept. 1
Santa Clara . . Valdes & Seward (Sept. 1
Excelsior Seklovia & Way Ports.lSept. 1
•Victoria Nom« & N. E. Siberia. tSept. 3
Th* American hark Homeward Bound. Cap
tain Thompson, which arrived here August 10,
ITS days from Antwerp, is at Union-street
wharf dlschargirg her cargo. From present in
dications «he will be discharged and pos
sibly at »oa apain before some of the vessels
which left Antwerp btfore she did have ar
rived here. While not the fastest on record,
th* Hon»*-ard Bound"* run from Antwerp is
» ne of the be« ever made. The Britshers
Peleus and Poltalloch left Antwerp 139 and
137 days epo. respectively, and nave not yet
put in an apjiearance. The Matterhorn i» out
J2t davF. The Dutch ship Europa, which left
Antwerp 117 days aj;n, has only pot as far as
Valparaiso. .Into which port she put on Thurs
day to rerleniPh her supply of fresh water.
As th* Gorman thip Oito Gildemelster the
Tromfward Pound made one of the longest pas
f«gt« pn record. As the Homeward Bound, with
a Yankee skipper and the and Stripes
fluting over her ttern, she is makinjr a name
for n>e*d in keeping with her acquired na-
UaoMiXty.
Living Up to Her New Flag.
tion on the mainland. A. F. Griffith.
president of O&hu Collo^e, and Mrs.
Griffith will bo among ihe educators
traveling on the liner. There also will
l'»e a. number of tourists.
A list of the Alameda* s passengers
Miss Mary Alexander. Mies L. Ayrea. C. E.
TiildwJn. Miss 1). Harnes. Miss L,. Barr.os.
Miss A. F. Kcard. Mis« C. E. Hray. II. H.
Virod'.e, A. N. Oampboll. Mls» rhaffee. Mii*3
O. Chinr; Miss Crais, ili« A. \V. Dcas. S.
K. Dawdle, Wrs. Downiny. E. A. Poathitt.
Mrs. Fairwcathcr. Miss Ruih Fairwearhcr. ilr.
.Wsa, Mrs. Fllnn. Master rilnn. Mrs. L. F.
Frain. Brother Frank. Miss M. Frasher, A.
K. Griffith, president Oa.hu Oolitse; Mrs. Grif
fith. Mrs. M. W. Gunn. Miss S. U. Hamil
ton, Mit* E. Hart, 3Ii»s E. L.. Heusner. L. C.
Howland. Graham Hunter. Miss H. Huntins
toii. J. H. Jones. Miss M. JohnMont. Mrs.
L B. Kerr. Miss Kerr. E. Kilgnre. E. Kil««y.nev
W: M. Kiscaid and Waster Kincaid. Miss A\
ic-e Knapp. Brother I-aw-rence. Itnym«nd Leach
Mies F. A. Lemon, llis-s A. Mclntyr*. Mis3
M. B. SlcLeUan. \V. J. McXcill. Sirs, iic-
Nelll. Miss T. Marcos. Miss L. G. Marshall,
A. H. Moffitt, Miss A. P. Morrow, .Miys
Murray, James Murphy. Captain Parker Miss
M. E. Taty. A. Perry. Miss I. I'ollis=ter. G.
H. Robertson. Miss Helen Robertson. Mi!«a
A. Rule. I>. C. ShipKis. R. Ftcvenoon. F. M.
Miss J. Tanner. Mis* B. Taylor.
Mis* C. H. L'etke. Miss V«nd<-rlin. Mini O.
H. Waller, Mrs H. R. Weir. Miss L.-Whit
ford. Mis« M. Whitenmn. S. Wile, Miss M.
P. Wicne. Mrs. Won*. Mis* B. Weight. Miss
A. F. Johnson. R. \V. Martfnoff. Ed Rose,
Miss A. Z. Hafiley, C. A. Stiles.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's
liner Alameda, Captain Dowdell, will
at 11 o'clock ibis morning for
1 Honolulu. She takes a full cargo and
her cabins will be crowded with pas
scnffers. Among the A! ::neda*s pas
s^r.^ers are many schoolteachers, who
have been spending the summer vaca-
Steamship of Oce
anic Company
Sails To -Day.
LINER ALAMEDA WILL CARRY ARMY OF EDUCATORS
BACK TO THEIR SCHOOLS IN SOUTH SEA ISLANDS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SATURDAY. AUGUST 27. 1901.
11
RAILWAY ¦ TKAVEIfc
a To SAN RAFAEL
ROSS VALLEY.
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc.
Via Sausallto Terry,
SUBURBAN SERVICE, STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart from San Francisco, week days, at
6-30 7:10. 7:*0. 8=30. »:*°. !«:<*>. 11:00 a. m
(il-40 a. in. Sausallto only). 12:20, 1:45, 3-18
i*iO. 4T33. 0:15. 5:50. «:25. 7:15. 9:00. 'w!^
ti^35 P. ni. Sundays and legal holidays depart
It 7-U>. 7:45.- 8:30. 8:15.. 10:00. ll:0O. 11*40
S r^. 12:20. fcCO. 1:45. I':30. 3:15. 4:00. V:^?
5:157 5:»0' 6:25 * 7:1S * 8:15> 8:00 ' 10: 2^ U-33
p# Arrive at San Frarfclsco. week days. 6-17
7 00 7:35. 8:15. 8:45. 9:35. 10:30. 11:05 ».m
{0% i:25. 2:50. 3:35. 4:20^ 5:08. 5:40. 6-15'
6*55 7:65. 10:05. 11:25 p. vt On Sundays and
legal holidays extra trains arrlv* at 12:45* 2:o5.
8 For I Fa™ifax. week days, depart at 7:45 a. m
8 15 P. m.. 5:15 p. m. (ex. Sat.). On Sundays
and legal holidays at 7:45. 8:30. 9:15. 10:( £
11-00. 11:40 »•• .™- 12:20 » 1:00 ' 1: «. 2:30. 7:13
and 8 15 P. Bl.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m. dally — Caaadero and way stations
9:15 *. m. Sundayn only— For Point Reyes]
•^s'iW p. m. daily except Sunday— For Caza-
dero. etc . - •'•'-¦••.»
* 0"15 P. »• dally except Saturday and Sun-
day—For Point Reyes, etc
7:18 p, m.. Sundays only— Ft>r Point Reyes,
eto.
8:15 p. m.. Sundays only — For Catadero, etc
TICKET OFFICE— 628 Market st.
FKRRT — Union Depot, foot of Market st..
i» CALIFORNIA
H LIMITED TO CHICAGO
ffl LEAVES MONDAYS and THURSDAYS
Hat }):.'5O a. m., ttronyh In II days,
Etlwith diner and all trappings. .
Other Santa T» Trains:
9 -ail a! ml 1 for stockton - Fresnc. 'BakersfleJd.
s'(X) p. m. J Merct<1 ' Hanford and Vtsalla. •
4:00 p. m. fcr Stockton.
8:00 p. m. (or Kansas City. Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET OFFICES — 641 Market St. aad
rexry Depot. S. T. Also 1113 Broad-
way. Oakland. Cal. 37 South Tint St,
Ean lost.
./¦"^""iJ^n. Tralna leave and are da*
/>*^<m>jrx to arrive at
y^^2l 8AN FRANCISCO.
\^A feA JrlJ r»o» Juit D. 1301
Fiiit Dirof
\^C lj>^ (Toot of Market Street >
>»" - MAIN LINE. -^7wi7r
7X0a V«ei»rtile. Winter* Kiinisey 7 60p»
IXiOA P.entda. Klmtra iu<l 3itrr»!neiito.. 7.20p
§ 7.30a Vallejo, M«? i. c»!Uto7». SaaU
!{¦««. Martinez. Sna tlamoa 8.20P
7-I0a N»«.Tr«cy. Lathrop. s»ck:on.... 7.20P
8-OOa SlitKn Rxprew— (VI* [)»»ln.
vrilitams (for Bartlett Spring*).
Willows, ?s-'r.r.o, i;eJ BluS.
PortUnd. Tiicomi. SvatUe 7.S0*
8-COA D*Ttt. Woodland. Knight* I.nnJ'.as.
M»ry»vli:<s. Chlco. Orovllle 7-50*
840a Port Coitn. Martinez. Antlocb.
Byron. Tracy. Stocktou. N«w-
mm. Lnn Uaaoa. Menioti,
ArmoDv II»nfi»r>t Yl.au*.
Port»rTYU!e 4.23i»
8 JOA Port Co«ts, .Modesto. II e rc«5«J.
Frpsao. uos^en Jacetloa, ihOr
forJ. TUalta. HaltersaelJ 4.50*
8 -TO A Nile*, Saa Joss, Llrerinore. Stoefet
, Inn. (tMtlton). lose. SacrameDto.
U«rjsTtllr. Cnleo. ICed Bluff .... 4.2tJ»
8-JCa O»'«'l»!«. Ch!ntv\ Jamestown. So*
Bora. T«olamn<5 «n<4 Ancels 420»
> 00a AUkBtleRzpress — Ogiifu *a«l E»t«. b 20i»
930a Rlcbmond. Martlncs and Way
8t»ttont fcSOP
tO CCA Tbi- OTerlsnd LrmUed — Ofrtea.
Omaba. Cblc»so, Uenrcr, Kansas
City. St. Lon'.a f.20P
10.00AVa!leJo 12.20*
WC'Ja Loa Aoirales P.v<*cn?»r — Port
Costa. Martian. Dyron, Tracy.
Lathrop. Stockton, .atereed.
Raymond. Fresno. Uoaben Jbdo-
ttoa. ll*n*ord, Lemoore, Vlialla,
BaKercQelk. Lot An«eie» 7.20*
1f.C0M Hayward. Nile* aa<l Way 9UUon*. £.20o
11-OOp Saeramento Ktvcr Steameni fliOd*
3 JOp Bentct*. Winters. Sacramento.
Woodland. Willow*. Knl«bU
Landlptr. Mary»»Ule. OtotUU
and way autlons 10-50*
» J0P Hayw«rd. Nile* and Way Stations.. 7.Wf»
4 OOP Mart!nes.San IUmon.VaIlsJo.Nap*.
CalliitOKa, Santa Rosa. rs2*
4 OOP Nlles. Tracr. Stockton. LodI 4.20i*
4 30PUar«»r<i. Ktles. Irrlajtua, gaa) tS-60*
Jo«e. Liverniore | U 1.50a
C40PTn« Owl LtwUed— Newman. Lot
- llsnos. Meaduta.7reino.Talara >
UakertOeld. Lo»Antcle» 8-50*
IB-SOp Hayw«rd. Nlles aait »an Jos« .,... 7-20 A
S.CCp Ilaywarti. Nlles and San Jon. 9 i£U
6-0CPE»tt*ra Express— Oicden. Oiaatta,
Chleafto. Denver. Kansas City,
St. Loali, Tla Martinet. Stocktoa.
Sacrameato. Colfax. I'.jno...... 1240*
t.OOp Vallejo. dally, except Sunday.... I 7 Kfl _
TJCp Vallejo. Sunday only f '•***
7JMPUlcnmond. Ban Pablo. Port Costa,
Martina* and Way Stations 11.20*
7-tOfRemo Pajsenger— Part Coata, Sal-
•no. Emira, Darlt. eacrmmento.
Trackee, Lake Tibce. Hrao,
Toaofab. Spark* 740*
tCSPPort Cosla, Martinet. Byros,
Tracy. Lathrop, Modest*.
Merced. Be rend a, Fresno and
Way Buttons beyond Port TWa ¦1229*'
8 05 p Tosemtte Valley. Tla ilwenda m4 — -,
Wawona «^0a
8.C5p ilanlaet. Tracy. Stockwn ...... 10-20*
¦ 05p Oregon * Caltf oral* Express— Sao>
ramento, MaryiTllIe. Keddlnt.
Portland. Pa?»; Sound uJ Eut. MO*
t.lOP Ilayward. Miles and Saa Jose (Sna-
dayoaly) 1U8»
COAST LINE (»«rr»w ttaag*).
. Traat of Market Street.)
"7.45a Santa Crni Kxcur»lon<SandayoiiIy) 1.10*
8.1&A Newark. Centerrllle, Saa Jose,
Felton. DoulJor Creek. BI«Bm!«,
Sanu Cms and Way Sutloas... US»
tl-ISA AlTirudo. Newark, Ban Jom, Loa
Gsto»,Glrowood. rrlton.BoaMsr
Creek, Bts'Bastn. Santa Cras.... 8 19(*
1S.18P Hewark, Cent»rrQle, Saa Jos*.
New Almaden. Loa Oato». Felton.
Boclder Creek. Santa Cms aaa
rrtxMpal Way Buttons MM 1*38*
4.18P Kswarit. Saa Jose. Loa Gatoe t3-85*
4.15c Wriitht, Boulder Creek and SaaM
. Crni. baturday and Sunday only. *8 53a
COAST LINE «»r^4 **•¦«•).
%3T (fblrd and Townsend 8trect*.>
6.10a San Jose and Way SUUons. Uli»
tt.OOA San Jose and Way Stations. S.43*
7.15a Monterey and SanU Craa Kxcur-
¦ton (Sanday only) 10.30
100a Kew Almaden (Toes, FrW.. only). 4.10*
OCATlia Coaater— Saa Jose. Sattaaa,
Saa Ardo. raso Babies. Baata
Marsarlu. San LsU OblspaSaato '
Barbara, San Baanaveninra,
MontalTO, Oxnard, BarSant, Los
Anceles . 10 <t»
teOA Gllroy. Hollister, CaatroTOle, Del
Jlonte, PadSe QroTe. Eart, Losv-
poc 1&43»
8.00a 6*n Jose. Tret Elnae.WatsonTflle,
Capttola. Sanu Cras. Pacific
Grove. Salinas. San Lois Oklap*
and Prtnerp<tt Way Btatlons. ... 4-10»
1040a Saa Jo*» and Way SUUona. 1.20*
IIJCABanU Clara, San Jose, Los Gatoa
and Way Stations 7J3»
IJCp San Jose and W ay Suttoaa I3U
HOOpDfl Monte Kxpresa (except 8va-
day) — SanU Clara., San Jaaa,
WatoonTtlle, SanU Cm, Del
llonta. Monterey. Pacific Grore. t12-1S»
I-30P BnrMnir»n>e, San Jote. Gllroy. BtA-
Rster. Tres Plnos.Pa]aro.Watsoa>
Till*. Capltola, Baau Cms, Caa>
¦ trovi'.lf. !»»llna«. Psetn*Or»r»... 13.43a
4-50p San Jose and Way 8*aUen* ISJJQa
tS OOP SanU Clara, Can Jose. Los Gatoa,
Wrlgbt and principal Way Star ¦
tlons (except Snadsy) fS.OOA
|5.S0p SsnJoseandPrinclpalVaySuUona 19.40*
643p Bansct Exxnrcss.— Hedwood. Saa
Jose. Ollr<»y,SalInas,PMO lioblea,
Ean Lnla Oblspo. SanU Barbara,
Loi Anacles. laming. Kl Paaa,
New Orleana. Sew Tork 7.10*
8.4SpP»lsro, WatsonTllle. £»pitola. I ..nww
SanU Crui. CastroTlUe. Delifls'SZ
lion'.*. Pacific Groxe t T IU -* 3J "
18-15? fcan»Uleo,Beresronl.Belmoat.Saa
Carlos. Kedwood. Fair Oaka, .
ilenloPark. Palo Alto T6.4Sa
6 30p 8«n Jo»e and Way SUttons 8.38a
8-00p Palo Alto and Way Stations 1CM&A
11.30P boutbSanFranctaco. M Ulbrae, Buf-
llngame. San Matao, Belmont,
8an Carlos. Uedwood. Fair Oaka.'
Wenlo Park, and Palo Alto f.45»
i11-30p M*ytieM. Moanuln View, Snaay-
vale, Lawrence. SanU Clara and
an Jobc t>.4^is
A tur Mornlnz. P tor AXlarnoao.
t Eanila* ezcepted. 1 Sunday oaJr.
* Satnrday onlr. ' » Uoadsjr oa4Jfc
IKK 'oa at aJl atltlca* SB SsSJSX. "
FREE. , ___ FREE.
It Gives Strength to the Weak—
\ Maintains the Strength of
the Strong.
D. GHIRARDELLI'S
GROUND CHOCOLATE
AND :•';-/
BREAKFAST COCOA.
FREE TO WANT AD
* PATRONS OP THE CAIJD.
Those who bring to our office
a want ad for . Sunday, will re-
ceive free a ONE-POUND CAN.
¦ ¦ . , . S .
See announcement on classi-
fied advertising page. .
SAILWA^T3AVEL. CI^^~J
!|l|l'il TOURIST SLEEPERS \
ST. LOUIS 1
DATES: 1
AUGUST 18. 19. -*>.- V|
SEPTEMBER 1, 2. 5, 6. 7. 8. 19. 20, 28. 23. (
OCTOBER 3, 4. 5. 6. 19. 30, 26. 27. H
FROM SAM FRANCISCO: 9
On Southern Pacific train No. 4 at 9 a. m., with day- ij
light ride through Salt Lake City and Scenic Colorado, ||
over Rio 'Grande Railway. All sleepers carried via
Denver, 'thence East on the Burlington's fast through l\
trains to St. Louis. A standard through sleeper to St. B
Louis every day at 6 p. m. Same route. H
RATES: 8
All the low Special World's Fair Excursion Rates |
authorized from California points apply for these Bur- [j
lington Excursions; other Excursions on frequent B
dates to Chicago. n
Call on or write fl
General Agent, W. D. SAKBOBN, Burlincrton Ticket OSes. [ I
631 MABKET ST. (Under Palace Hotel). U
Saa rranclico. f . M
The North Western-
Union Pacific Excursions
tffbrd unusual opportunities for, ta
economical and satisfactory journey to
ChicagodEast j
Excursions Every Day
Personally conducted parties leave
San Francisco every Wednesday,
Thursday, Friday _
Ceave Los Angeles one day earlier.
Choice of routes.
For full Information tpply to or adies* i
R. R. RITCHIE. S. F. BOOTK, |
General Agent. Cen'l Agent Pass'r Dcpt., I
Chicago * North- Western Ry. Union Pacific R. R. B
617 Market St. No. 1 Montgomery St. I
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL 4
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
t-jHisshihj
SAN FHANCrSCO AND NORTH PACIFIJ
JBAII.TTAT COaCFAJTr.
Tlbnron Perry, Poot or Market str«*t.
SAN rXtAKCXSCO TO SAH BATASIh
WEEK DAYS— 7:30 8:00 9:00. 11:00 a. m :
12:35, 2:30. 3:40, 5:10. 6:50. «:30 and 11:3a
p. m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:30. 8:00, 9:30. 11:00 a. m.: 1:30.
2:30 3:40. 5:10. 6:30. 11:30 D. m.
8AK EAPAEIi TO SAW 7BAKCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 0:05. «8:&V. 7:35. 7:5(), »:20
11:15 a. m.; 12:50, f2;00, 3:40. 5:00. &:M.
0:1*3 p. m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:45 p. m.
SUNDAY8 — 6:50 7:35, 9:20, 11:15 a. m.: 1:45.
3:40, 4:50. 5:00. 5:20. 6:25. 7:50 p. m.
tExcept Saturdays. '
Leave I In Effect I Arrt J«
SaTTFran. I May 1. 1904. I San Fran._
Week I Sun- I Destina- [Sun- I Week
Da" I days, f Uoa. \ days, f Daya.
7:30a 7:45a 7:45a
-••»n« s-ooa 8:40 a 8:40 a
sioSt 9i3oS imaclo. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 2:30 p *" «»P * : g »
B:10p 5:10 p V3&1
. 8:45 p
• 7 ., 0 _ 7. so a ¦ 7:45 a 7:45 a
g^OOa SOol Novato. 10:20a 10:20a
= :.^p iisoS Petaluma 6:20 p 6:20 j,
5:10 p 2:30 p and 7:25 p 7.25 p
5:10 p Santa Rosa. 8:45 p
710 a 7-30~a 10:20 a 10:20 a
I:W. Uol Fulfn. 7-25 p 6:20 p
2:30 p 2:30_p 8:45 p 7,-jp
* Windsor.
7-30 a 7:30 a Healdsburg. 10:20 a 10:20 a
Lytton. _ ,
2-S0p 2:30 p Ge-yiervllla. I7:23p 7:25 p
Cloverdale.- I \ ' '
7R0at7:3Oa| Hopland 110:20 a]10:2O a
aiaopl 2:30 p| and Uklah. 1 7:23 p| 7:25 p
1 I WUUts. 1 I
7 :S0 a [ 7 :30 a| Sherwood. [7:25p|7:25p
8-00 al S:OOa| Guernevllle and 110:20 a|lO:2O a
2J30PI 2;30p|Cainp Vacation. | 8:45 p| 6:20 p
RiTAn R-0Oa ~ 8:40a 8:40a
I™ I 9$ a Sonoma. 6:00 p 6:20 p
» 5:10 p Glen EUen. 8:45 p
T-tn«l 7-30 a! " 110:20 ajlO:2O a
2130 pj 2J30 p| SebastopoL . \ 7:25 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Santa Rosa for White
Sulphur Sprlnrs and Mark West Springs; a t
Fulton for Burke's Sanitarium: at Lytton for
Lytton Springs: at Geyservllle for Skaggs
surines- at Cloverdale for the Geysers. Boone-
vtiio atvd- Greenwood: at Hopland for Duncan
Sprlnls. Htshland -Springs. Kelseyvllle, Carls-
bad Sprinssf Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
ttarinss- at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
sErlng- Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
SDrincs Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter . Valley,
lrhn Day's. Riverside, Llerley's, Bucknell's.
Sanhedrln Heights, Hullvllle, Orr's Hot
SDi-.nes, Halfway House. Comptche. Camp
Stevens. Hopkins, Mendocino City, Port Bragg.
Westport. Usal: at Willits for Fort Brags;.
Westport. Sherwood, Cahto, Covelo. Layton-
vllle. Cummins. Bell's, Springs, Harris, Olsena,
Dyer. Garbervllle, Pepperwood. Scotia and
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. ¦ - —
On Sundays — Round-trip tickets to all'polnts .
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office, 650 Market street, Chronlcla
building.
JAS. L. FRAZIER. R. X. RYAN.
i • •• Gen. Manager. Qen. Pass. Agt.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Lnn TU Sunlit* Perrj ArrlTe
Ban Fraucisco tnt «f M^rfcrt SU Ban Franclsott
W««k 8«n-~ cta_^ . Sun- Week
Dayt. days. /gfi&SKV J*H±_ _P B Ih.
: : : : :::: 10:00 a w^ssish 2:05 f »i i.o» *.
id-00 A 11:00 a Wt&SUKf 3:35 p 3:35 r
1:45 r 12 20 r B:40 r ¦ 6:l» 1
K-Itr 1:45 r 6:15 r 10-.01 1
.—*.... 4:38* 8:80 f .........
•TlV BtmUt Car. * T»Ml|aU U lia Tilliy.
ticxxr 1625 l*ARK«vt &t (North ntiore Railro»dJ
Offices land Sausalito Fxrky. root Marietta*.
Hff^^^TUOTS^Ka ~C»«BlgGfornnn»tnral
4§&SK?lu 1 U 8 dorj/O diicharita*. inflammation*,
BSsSS Oauanit-4 «j Irritation! or ulcarations
M*tV aot t« itrlowr*. "• of mucous tutanbranes.
ff> »8 rx>T«to c««u«u-. Pain'.es», und not A»tria-
aPyjXTHEEUNSCHEMjCALCO. g«>nt or poinonoue.
l^rak ;mClKNATI,0.P57?8 ¦«»« by DrntiTlatJc
Vg^L u. b.*. jSSt or * ent ln " lilln w^apT*r.
_^&Vi hy expre«s. prepaid, lor
tJ.OO, or 3 bottles S3.75.
¦¦ Circular isct ca waasrt
Weekly Call, $1 per yearTHE SAN. FRANCISCO CALL," SATURDAY, AUGUST 27,' 1904.
12
,^__ SPXRXT'UAZ.ISU. _;_ r _ ri
MME. E. YOUNG, 1720 Sacramento St., near
V^n Ness; readings daily; phone East 1165.
MRS. WAYBORN, medium; $1 readings this
week 2Cc; clr. Mon.. Frl., S p.m. 1233 Mkt.
C. MAYO STEERS; psychic readings by mall $1.
3568 17th St.. San Francisco; tel. Capp 856.
DEAD trance medium; all kinds of business
discussed; sittings daily. u-"5 Ellis st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, business medium and
life reader- 1206 Market st.. Gait House.
_; . CI.AIRVO YAHTS. 1
AA — CALL at once and save $4.
My famous J5 readings this week for $1.
PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever ip San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly asree and guarantee to i
make no charge If I fall to tell your name, and
what you want to know. I tell if husband, wife
or bweetheort M true or false, whom and. when
you will marry; In fact, I will tell every hope,
fear or ambition better than you can tell your-
Eelf. I will Improve your condition so you will
reach the greatest possible strength In mental
and bodily vigor, and luck Uiat insures success
In business, ''mining, speculation; I Implant the
controlling' power In your nature so you can
fascinate any one you desire, win the one you
love,' bring back your loved one, and cause
marriage with one of choice. 10 a. m. to 8
p. m.; closed Sunday. 326 O'Farrell St., 328.
MME. M. BERNARD, THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St., next Examiner
blug.; she reads your life correctly, gives an
occurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur In the future; if you are in trouble,
discontented or not satisfied with- life, or
have domestic, love or business troubles, con-
sult this great medium and you will be told
'¦ how to overcome them; valuable advice In
all affairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction guar-
' anteed; open Sundays. Tell Black 4569.
A— Miss M. Wjlle, 330 Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you culled .for without asking a ques-
tlon; names given; special, $1; hours 10 to 8.'
MISS ZEMDAR, young gifted clalr. & palra.
I correctly treat your love affairs, domestic
troubles, bus. and financial success; names;
L.. DOc : G.. $1. 714 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave,
ISMAR. Egyptian s-eress. The Vendome. HO*
Market «t.. San Francisco. Office hours — 10
a. ru. to 5 p. m.; Sundays. 10 to 12; Wednes-
3ay tvenlng. K to 8. Phone South 1141.
ELLSMERE, Egyptian seer, clairvoyant: has
mysterious power; complete life readings;
guarantees desirable niarrlase; restores health
and gives controlling Influence. lOO" 1^ Market
Mrs.A.H.Kronenberfr, palmist, clairvoyant, card
reader: when others fail try meigood readings
25c. 721 Franklln.nr.G.G.av. Tel. Larkln 4207.
A— MME. RAVENNA reads life; business ad-
vlce: names slven; 25c up. 8 Ellis at.
A— MME. HOFFMAN, the wonder of the age;
know the truth. 1207 Market, r. 11. 2d floor.
MME. MARSEAU card reader; ladies 25c,
Kents 50c. 545 Minna st.
MISS WARD, clairvoyant, gives names, dates.
facts; readings dally. 017 Market, room 10.
PALMISTRY, card reading, 25c and 50c. Miss
L Kahntus, 704^ Larkin; 10 a. m.-9 p. m.
MRS. BAUMANN~ the well-known fortune-
'ell.r. Is now at 317 Ellis st.
DENTISTS.
A NEW plat! — The Whalebone — Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crown, $3 BO; fllllnffs, 60c;
plates, $0; full set: all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market.nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
DR. KNOX. dentist, now located at the Grant
building, 1093 Market Ft., room 203; all first-
class dentistry at low prices.
GOLD fillings. 73c; silver. 33c: crowns. $2; no
pain; open Sundays. Dr.A. C.Hewitt. 204 Suttet
DR. R. L. WALSH has moved from 847 Geary
Ft. to 680 Geary.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Set teeth. $1 60 up; crowns,$2 up; fllllngs.23e.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentlst.r.l4.1st
floor. Phelan bid.. 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
ALL work iruaranteed by the New York den-
tists. Dr. Perkins, Mgr.. 1*69 Mission, cor. 6th.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School^
Patterns cut to measure; eve.' clasn;10'.9 Mkt.
Accordion, sunburst and knlfe-plaltlng. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor.
EDUCATION AX.
A BIGGEK school than ever. On June 1 we
moved to new fireproof building, 738 Mission
St., between Third and Fourth; more space;
finer rooms; better light; finest In the West;
come and see. S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
E. R. AYRES, founder and manager Ayres
Business College for 14 years, has returned to
take active management. Combined course,
$5 a month; life scholarship, $50. Day and
evening. Bancroft bldg., 723 Market st. 1
JEAN and STELLA MacDONALD'S children's
class: song and dance, recitation, ph^-slcal
culture, ballroom, fancy and step dancing;
Saturdays, 2:30 p. m. Excelsior Hall, Mis-
sion St.. between 19th and 20th.
A — The LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for university, law and medical col-
leges; refs. President Jordan or any Stanford
j professor; day, evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
A — The Paul Gerson School of Acting gives
more performances and. secures more engage-
ments for students .than all other Western
schools; special summer course. 414 Mason.
A— CHICAGO BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1435 Mar"
ket, gurantees positions to graduates; Pit-
man shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $8 mo.
A— FRENCH. Spanish lessons: class; private;
also by phonograph. F. T. ASS'N, 140 Geary
Gt. Classes begin Monday, August 29.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, mln.. mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, ev. ; est. 1SG4: Van
der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
CLASSES in short story writing and Journalism
meet on Mon., Wed. and Thurs., 2 p. m., 333
Phelan bldg.; terms very- reasonable.
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Col.. CC'J Van Nes*
ave. : positions secured. R. H. Webster, Pres.
MANDOLIN thoroughly taught; . young begin-
ners specialty; reas. 1526 Callfornia.nr. Polk.
SHORTHAND taught thor'ly by mail and per-
sonally. Miss M. G. Barrett, 302 Montg'my.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S, 424 Pine St.— Night class.
ISAAC Pitman Business College, 345 Halshf,
individual infctruc. ; all branches; day, eve.
WESTERN Business College. 1107 Mkt., com-
plete course, $6 mo. $30; eve. $4 mo.; private
CALIFORNIA Business College. 025 Golden
Gate ave., S. F. ; 75- page catalog on request.
EMP10VMB»Tj0PPX0ES.^ (
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment office
supplies best help promptly; city or country.
S. 1MURA, s:i'J Sacramento. Tel. James 52U1.
A— ORPHEITM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese help. *.-12U Powell st, ; tel. Main 5752.
WE furnish bookkeepers, clerks, stenographers",
general help. "NATIONAL." 509 Hearst bid.
JAPANESE-Chlnese Emp. Office. 415 Stockton;
best help. Fritz Tamagaki.mfrr. ;tel.Bush 859.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 year?.
TpI. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. ti40 Clay.
WANTED-- TEMAtE.
A— BOOKKEEPER, cashier, typist: young
lady expert accountant and collector; all
modern systems; desires to change position,
or extra work evenings or days; best refer-
ences. 41U0 Seventeenth. st. 1
WANTED — Position by young lady as nurse
lor infant; state wages. A. BERGEN, NW.
cor. Sacramento and Virginia, E. Berkeley. [
ENGLISH lady desires situation In family:
music (certificated), French (France). Box
107. Campbell. Santa Clara Co.. Cal.
AN inexperienced girl wishes position as clerk
in dry goods store; best of recommendations
morally. Box 110, Call.
MIDDLE-aged German woman would like place
for general housework In small family. Ad- ;
- drefs box IS. Call office.
.WANTED— A position for fine pastry. Apply
156 Clinton park, oft Valencia St., between
Thirteenth and Fourteenth.
STENOGRAPHER, typewriter, desires nice,
permanent position; office work; references;
$0 per week. Box 45S9. Call office..
A WOMAN with. 10 years' experience will call
at your home and give massage. MRS. JOHN-
SON. Phone Folsom 3274. •
JAPANESE young girl desires ¦. position as
kitchen help and .housework, or washing in
family; small waces. 1346 Turk st.
EMPLOYMENT WAWTED— remale— Con
STRONG, competent American woman, temper-
ate, honest, wants light sweeping and wash-
ing by the day; fine laundress; cheerful
worker; 51 23 and carfare. 1S9 Fourth St.,
first flight, room 24.
A YOUNG Swedish girl would like position to
do second v.-ork and sewing in a private fami-
ly: can Klv« three years' references. Please
call at 311 Vi Jessie st.. near Fourth.
COMPETENT German woman wants washing
and Ironing for Mondays. 1203 Vallejo st.
MOTHER and daughter wish situations to-
gether in hotel. Address box 4630. Call.
BY a first-class second girl with 3% years'
city references. Address box 4ti2S. Call.
FIRST-CLAPS cook wants situation; American
cookinr. Call 1309 Larkin st.
YOUNG lady cashier wishes a position. 774
Stevenson et. v
YOUNG lady wishes a "rwltlon as assistant
cashier. 1421 San Bruno ave.
STENOGRAPHER wants position. Box 4592.
Call office.
FIRST-CLASS houseglrl best of reference*.
Ecx 456S. Call office.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
¦ Call at Eaton's Bazaar. C33 McAllister st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALS.
SITUATION WANTED AS A GENERAL
MANAGER. SALES MANAGER. OR IN
THE PURCHASE OR SALES DEPART-
MENT OF PROGRESSIVE MANUFACTUR-
ING, WHOLESALE OR MINING COMPANY
BY MAN OF ABILITY, FORMERLY PRES-
IDENT OF SEVERAL LARGE MANUFAC-
TURING COMPANIES AND A RAILROAD;
30 YEARS OF AGE. TEMPERATE AND A
HUSTLER; NO OBJECTIONS TO POSI-
TION OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED STATES;
AN OPENING WHERE BRAINS AND EN-
ERGY WILL BE REWARDED IS DE-
SIRED. ADDRESS BOX 47, CALL OF-
FICE.
i GARDENER, thoroughly experienced In all
branches of gardening, wishes position; well
qualified to take full charge of first-class
private place. Box 443, Call.
SITUATION as foreman or manager of dairy
or ranch wanted by a married man; long ex-
perience and best of references. Box 480,
Call ofnee^
MACHINIST, first class, wishes position In
open shop; references If desired. Box CO,
Call office.
STENOGRAPHER; expert, hustling. work
clean cut; accurate; experienced accountant;
neat, courteous. Box 241, Call.
YOUNG gentleman with valuable mechanical
engineering and business experience desires
responsible position. Box 437, Call.
KIRST-CLASS cutter wants position. 333
Eddy st.
A CLERK wants a position in a drugstore.
1410 Devisadero st.
Al FLOUR man desires change of firm. Box
97, Call office.
LIGHT, responsible position; man of means;
best credentials. Box 23t, Call.
STEADY, reliable young man, 29. experienced
bookkeeper, desires place as bookkeeper or
assistant with chance of advancement; first-
class references; wages moderate to begin.
Box 48. Call office.
SOBER, steady man wishes position in oyster
business; understates all branches, espe-
cially planting and handling boats. J.
PETERSON, 41 Tllden st.
YOUNG man. well educated, accurate and re-
liable, with knowledse of bookkeeping and
business experience, wants position; refer-
ences. Box 23. Call office.
YOUNG man, 20, 'wants a position in dry goods
stcre; understands the trade; speaks French
• and pretty good English; bond and refer-
ences. Box 134. Call office.
MECHANICAL draughtsman, good designer
and detaller, minlne, stationery. power
plants, factorlen, wants work at home. Box
4817. Call office.
GENERAL machinist and diemaker. acquaint-
ed with can manufacturing machines, also
automatic, wants position in can factory or
cannery; references. Box 4710, Call.
WANTED — By a young Frenchman. 23 years
old, work among plumbers or learn the trade.
L. ALEONARD, 515^ Bush st.
STEADY, reliable German (20), experience in
grocery business, wants position. CRAMER,
G3S Railroad ave., Alameda.
SALESMAN with rlK desires line or specialty
for Alameda County; drug, grocery or candy
line Box 1337. Call office, Oakland.
ENAMELER, experienced on all kinds Jewelry.
JOSEPH LA PORT, S3 Elm St., Providence,
R. I.
EXPERIENCED mining assayer. surveyor and
bookkeeper. Box 67, Call.
YOUNG man would like a polstlon driving
milk wagon. Box 4583, . Call office.
POSITION as cashier In first-class hotel. Ad-
drees box 45S2. Call office.
CIGAR clerk wants position. Box 4597, Call
Office.
SITUATION wanted by rapid experienced
stenographer. Box 4596. Call office.
SHOEMAKER wants Job. 1906 Sutter street.
POSITION as salesman In furnishing goods
Ftore. 842 O'Farrell st.
A BOY wants to learn plumbing."* Box 4715,
Call office.
BOY wants situation as bookkeeper. Box
470S. Call office.
PRINTER wants country situation. Address
box 4!)39. Call office.
v
-WANTED — Job as driver on a delivery wagon.
Box 493S. Call office.
YOUNG man (American) wishes position ae
packer in wholesale house. Box 4711. Call.
POSITION as cashboy. A. I.. 260SA Bush
street.
BOY wishes work in baker shop. Box 4658.
Call office.
WANTED — Stenographic work. Box 4S32.
Call office.
j JAPANESE man and wife wish positions: man
good cook, experienced in all kinds of Indoor
\vork and the c.ire of horses; wife plain eook.
waitress, flne laundress, housework; wages
$50 month for both. Box 4S74. Call office.
JAPANESE couple wish situations: man as
cook, wife as second work; both have good
experience. Address. letter only, K. OKA,
SOT Polk st.
JAPANESE honest schoolboy desires a position
in small fnmily to do cooking or wait on
tabl"; has best references. Address NAKA-
MURA. 1203 Paee st. ; phone Fell 8501.
JAPANESE couple desire positions; man any
kind of work, cook, etc.; wife general house-
work. 4 Kappeler court.
A YOUNG Japanese wants position in store or
hotel as a general houseworker. KAZU, 1752
Fillmore st.
A BRIGHT Japanese wants a position as
schoolboy In a nice family. 839 Sacramento
st.; tel. James 5201. •*
JAPANESE young faithful boy wants situation
to no general housework in city or country.
C. K., CC7 Larkin St.; phone Larkln 1494. :
JAPANESE boy wants any kind of work in
evening ;speaks EngllEh-^S. I.. 22 Prospect pi.
A Japanese wants a situation as schoolboy In
small fam!ly;wages no «bJect.K.T..814 Powell
A FIRST-CLAPS Chinese cook desiies a posi-
tion; wages $.15 to $40. LEE, S50 Dupont st.
AH SING, Chinese first-class cock; good refer-
ences. 932 Dupont st.
A BRANCH, of flee of The Call for the recep-
tion of adTerti^ements and subscriptions has
: been opened at 1008 Market St., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m. ,
FDTBNITTJRE rOR BAIZE.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 SO
down and $1 50 per week. T. Brilliant's
I Furniture i Co.. 340 Post st.. near Powell.
Anderson Auction House. 19 Turk. nr. Marl.et.
furnishes evrythlng for the house; low prices.
FURNITURE, stoves, bought, eold. exchanged.
Barser. 439 Valencla.nr.lCth.Tel.Church 3879.
rTfajriTUKii vahtjub.- -
ABE LEVy-
Salesroom, 1135 Market st. Tel. . Jessie 761.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, office fur-
niture, etc., until you get his estimate.
CHAS. LEVY & CO.. pay highest price for fur-
niture, carpets, etc. 7S2 Mission; tel. Bush 813.
HELP WAITTOP — MALE — Contlnaed.
THE NATIONAL EMPLOYES' RECORD col
Draughtsman.
SaiesTnan for high-class stock, guaranteed
by trust co.
Bill clerk. £oo<l at fiffure?. $10 to start.
Bookkeeper. $U-O.
f stenographer. Benicia. $l"> week.
Strong young man. $<", ti> start.
I>rus clerk, registered, country. gio<! ••alary.
Manager wholesale and retail grocery, $173
to $1*IH> for competent man.
Boy fo.- s'r.of more. 10 lenrn b'i«in.-!*s, $1 (0 S3.
Manager dry foods. $13o per month.
Stock i-Ierk, ?25 to start.
Starch ironer. out of city, $2 <!ay, steady
position.
Champagne salesman salary.
Bill c>rk. $tJ to start.
Fur cutter. ?;; 5O per day.
• O00U boy;*. 3* to $«.
Office c;>en Saturday until S p. m.
Tin: NATIONAL EMPLOYES' RECORD CO..
.'lit* Hearst Uuildtns.
TWO waiters ami wives. $50 an 1 $7f> tnil
found: hea«l waiter. UWBUy hi>:el. far? aU-
vanr«d; boaruinz-hou-TO waiter, $.:i» and
found: kitchen man, <;*> ana fourul an.l far*
I refunded: " country hotel cooks. StiO and STu
I and found; boardlnz-house cook, $4.'» an<l
found; cook, small institution. > :.'• -i- .
found; cook and wife (waitress;. $l»iO and
found; dishwashers and others. J. t.
CKOSETT & CO.. 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED — An experienced, first-class man for
country store as a window dresser and card
writer. $25 week, see boss in city; 3 miner*.
$:{ day: 3 laborers for mine. $2 5o day; wocd-
chorpers, SI 23 and $1 75 cord; sash and
door maker. $21 week; screw turners. $3<»
to $60 and found; sticker man, $.v> and
found; slab sawyers. $35 and found; leeway
man. $33 and found: fruit farmer and wife.
J $50 and found; coachman, country. $U3 and
found- choreman, $20 and found; and other*.
J. F. CROSETT St CO.. C23 Sacramento »t.
A— PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY. r ~
60S Commercial St.; phone Main 1191.
FREE FARE— FREE FAJIE.
- S. P. Co.'s Own Work.
16 section hands, $1 70. free faro: bridge
carpenters. $3 day; 6 rough carpenters tr>
build roundhouses, barns, etc.. $70 and found:
6 brldee carpenters, sawmill company. $90.
thi* la steady work: Shasta County laborers.
$o>; Tuolumne County laborers. $00; coolc
and wife, $70; blacksmith, $30 and found ;
blacksmith'* helper, ranch. $;:.% and found;
man and wife, fruit ranch. $55 and found.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
AT HORD & SMITH'S
Contractors' Agents. 03 Third St.
Boy to drive butcher wagon. $3 to start.
I Office buy, $3 50; goo<l chance.
Men for lumber mill. $10 and found.
Young man for factory. $3 to start.
Tinsmith, country. $2 50 to $.'!.
6 rough carpenters, Nevada. $2 50 to $.1.
M*-n fi>r brickyard. Sonoma Co.. $2 to $2 50.
Fruit pickers 1 , Santa Clara. $1 and found.
Ranch hamls. south. $25 and found.
A— AMERICAN EMPLOYMENT BUREAU.
642 Commercial st.. near Ktarny.
Phcne Bush s33— JOHN L. DRECHSLER.
CARPENTEUS— 6 bridge carpenters, com-
pany work. $0i>; 5 carpenters, lumber co., $79
and found: 5 laborers, logging H. R.. $2: 2
hand minem. »rold mine. $30: 13 laborers*
pipe line. $2 25 and $2 50 day; 6 lumber
piler* north. $eo.
Contractors and emplav»rs of labor throughout
th<t State to communicate with Independent
Employment Agency. t>12 Merchant St.. S. F.
A — HOTEL GAZETTE. 20 Montgomery, r. 12—
Chief cook; steady job. $30.
PORTRAIT AGENTS— BEST PROPOSITION;
MONEY EVERY SATURDAY. LIEBER-
MANN, ROOM 4, 231 POST ST.
MAN under 35, from San Francisco or vicinity,
to prepare for Gov't position as railway mail
clerk; experience in postofflce. work not
necessary: entrance salary $.<*0O per annum;
gradual promotion; an exceptional opening.
A.- C. HOFF, Bacon bldg., Oakland.
BOOKKEEPER and cashier by mercantlls
houre. Address In own handwriting, statin?
experience, references and salary expected,
bo* »7, Call office.
W4KTKD — Younic man to act as shipping
cletk ar.d to learn business; state ag<». ex-
perience and salary expected. Address box
2€0 Call office.
WANTED — Retail salesman, experienced in
groojry or general merchandise business;
reference, " experience and wages ex-
pected. Box 242. Call office.
WANTED — Experienced domestic salesman.
Apply between 'J and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS.'
AN experienced photographer; good local ref-
erences must be presented. Apply at office
SHREVE & CO.. Crocker building.
WANTKD — Ordinary and ablebodied seaman
for all rarts of th<» world. THOS. MCRRAY.
shipping ae»nt. 610 Davis st.
MAN under 43 to prepare for position as letter
carrier In San Francisco; salary good;
gradual promotion; position permanent: en-
trance exam. soon. See A. C. HOFF, Bacon
building. Oakland. Immediately.
FIRST-CLASS barber wanted at Hammam
Bath barber «hop. 11 Grant ave.
GOOD barber wanted for Saturday; wages *3
SI Fourth st.
GOOD barber for Saturday. 623 Clay st.
BARBER wanted. Apply at 763 Mission st.
BARBER, from Saturday noon to Sunday, at
6321* Third st.
BARBERS wanted at Butler barber shop,
Seattle: wages $13 to $00 weekly.
WANTED— Barber for Saturday at 503 Four-
teerth st.. Oakland.
WANTED — Steady waiter. Apply immediately
Troy Hotel. 500 Twentieth •*., Potrero.
ERRAND boy wanted. 18 Kearny «t.
WANTED — A handy man to work la a room-
Ing-house. 137 South Park.
MAN for general work: $63 and found. JOHN
C. GRIFFIN. Cecil Hotel. Ukiah. CM.
THREE GENTLEMEN TO ACT AS STTB^
MANAGERS FOR THE PACIFIC MUTUAL
LIFE: CONFIDENTIAL INTERVTEW3
GIVEN. DEPARTMENT STATE SUPER-
INTENDENT ROOMS 31 AND 32. TTH
FLOOR. HOME OFFICE BLDG.; CAXi.
MORNINGS.
WANTED — Educated gentleman who has good
knowledge of encyclopedia work; salary $1000
per year with additional bonus; first-class
references required. Box 3029, Call ofSc*.
WANTED — Men and women to prepare for
Governmert positions. Apply for fre* cat*>
logu« giving particulars. Pacific Correspond-
ence Institute. Grant bldg.. 1095 Marktt st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Bolkln. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third st. ; 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
WANTED — Boy about IS yean; most be will-
ing to work. Apply Wakefield Mamxfaoturtaff
Co . 401 Fourth St.. Oakland. C»J.
MEN and women, learn th» barber trade;
wages paid while learning. HAXQHTB,
C47 Commercial st.
TRY our men's shoes, union made; $1 A $1 04
pair; foot-form shoes. $2 50; we pay express
. charges. 11 3d St.. Bun, bid. ;open till 9 p. m.
WANTED— Man to do light work and collect.
HIS Market St.. room 1.
FOR sale — 2-chair barber shop; cheap. 2337
Railroad ave.. Alameda.
FIRST-CLASS hair cutter, who understand*
ladles' hair curlinr. 40 Geary st.
PORTER and bootblack wanted at 1181 Jef-
ferson st.. between 13th and 14th, Oakland.
GOOD opportunity for men willing to eaarass-
good wages; call after 3 p.m.) 100S Howard.
MEN wanted at 137 3d St.. where shoes are r«-
palred by machinery ;»ewed soles 10 mln.. 75o.
COATMAKER and bushelmaa for countrr.
Apply REIS3 BROS. A CO.. 24 Sutter St.
FOR sale — 2-chair barber shop and 2 house-
kseplng rooms furnished. Inquire Call office.
Industrious! German, tending bar winehouse:
references; married preferred. Box 40B6. Call.
WANTED — Young man to learn barber trade;
wages paid while learning. 741A Howard.
LABOR debts collected: suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co.. 328 MontgT-.r. 415.
SAILORS and young men <green hands) for
ships. HALLBERT. 517 Jackson St..
SAILORS and ordinary teamen for all parts of
the world at HERMAN'S. 27 Steuart st.
PENSION Atty.. E.A.Bullls. r.4f>. Phelan bids
Pa*t Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms; 35c night: reading-rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at lOft-'i Market St.. opposlta
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan it Church sta.
FREE— D. GHIRARDELLI'S BREAKFAST COCOA AND GROUND
$2400 — CORNER ralocn; best across the bay;
cheap rent and lu years' lease; business Justi-
fies investment of more than price; owner
account of other business. Oakland
IJusiiK-ss Apency, 110S Webster St., corner
Twelfth, Oakland.
$300— BLACKSMITH shop; old established and
doing steady paying business; owner selling;
account of sickness. 110S Webster St., corner
Twelfth, Oakland.
$125— BARBER t=Iiop; excellent neighbortiood;
; in Oakland; living rooms; rent only $10.
Oakland Business Agency, 1103 Webster St.,
corner Twelfth, Oakland.
GOOD paying, established harness, carriage
and trimming business: Helling account sick-
ness. Address box 1330, Call office, Oakland.'
FOR sale— Frr.it rr.d grocery store; established
3 years; selling account ill health; bargain.
23 Telegraph ave., Oakland.
FOU sale— Old-established stationery & period-
ical business, with a long lease. Apply to E.
BAUER, S. F. News Co.. 342 Geary st.
WANTKD — To buy or least' a hotel In country
or city; country preferred; no agents. Box
3364. Call office.
YOUNG man for office and light work; $75
month; $250 required. 36 Geary at., room i).
RESTAURANT and oyster stand; cheap; must
be sold; good business. Apply 0 Eddy, r. 111.
FOR sale — Gen'l mdse. store at invoice. See
Wm. ClufiT Co., wholesale grocers, S. F.
WANTED— Cigar stand. Address box 4603.
Call office.
$200 — PASTRY, candy, stationery, notions, etc.;
3 furn. rooms and basement. 525 Taylor st.
GROCERY, liquor, b. bakery and notion stors
for sale cheap; owner sick. 290 Crescent ave.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at lOOS Market st., opposlts Fifth.
Open unt'.l 11 p. m.
_ I.ODGING-IIOT7SES FOB SAI.E.
A — CAMERON & CO.. Phone South 1050.
3 F.ddy St.. cor. Market and Powell.
H-adquarwrs for rooming-bouses, Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
00-room, new, modern 2 and 3 room apart- '
ment house: cheap rent; most elegantly
equipped in city; 5 years' lease; every appoint-
ment heart could wish; this little gem at bar-
gain -_,u account of sickness.
£S rooms: decant fur. family hotel on Nob
Hill; doing fine business; will trade for large
apartment-house and pay cash difference. '
!C8 roonis; cheap rent; new and elegantly
fumi.--f<<d. up-to-date rooming-house: has flne
bar; can be ruu In conjunction If desired; rare
chance foi right parties; part -cash, balance
can bu paid out of the house; other business
Interests uemand immediate departure.
5- year iease and contract for furnishing; new
and up-to-Uate 40-roum house; fine central loca-
tion; party sudd»rly called East.
108 rooms: rent only $5 50 per room, long
1't.se, up to date, downtown, modern house;
electric lights, bells and elevator; all light
rooms, wull furnished throughout; chance of
lifetime tt- g^t flrat-class house that Is clearing
$•"."¦" to f tr.ij at bargain; has sisned to accom-
modate lime body of people in coming con-
cIpv*>; owner obliccd to leave for Europe to
cettle an estate; make offer; exclusively with
us.
'2Q rooms, new and elegantly furnished, on
Suiter; paying a handsome profit on Invest-
ment; call for particulars.
30 rooms: newly furnished throughout; 8-
ycar ler.s«; downtown; flne respectable money-
making house; part down, balance reasonable
interest.
0-room flat: rent only $50; water free; oak
furniture; good carpets; must sell by Septem-
ber 1; price $400.
75 rcoms; grand new building; elegantly fur-
niched; cheap rent; 10 years' lease; close in;
clears $400 p?r month; $4000 down, balance 8
per ci-nt per annum; departure.
15 rooms: rent $(55; best block on .Mission
street; pood buy and worth the price; $$00.
05 rooms: best downtown commercial house
In city: clearing now $:i00 per month; every-
thing first-class condition; will trade for Oak-
land. Alameda or Berkeley property or ranch
in California; must leave city.
21 rooms; cheap rent: very central; good
furniture and carpets; clears $100 p«r month;
must leave city; make an offer.
£2 room?: cheap rent; 2 years' lease; flne
downtown location; 2 entrances; everything in
first-class condition; good furniture and car-
pets; cloarinB t;ow $200 per month; if run tran-
sient v."iii clear $:>0U to $350 per month; here la
best proposition In city.
7-room modern fiat, close In, well furnished;
cost $(X>0; at bargain if sold at once; $300.
128 roorr.s; cheap rent; long lease; first-class,
up-to-date downtown .house; well furnished;
clearing $500 to $ti00 per month; must sell on
account ot other business; only with us.
TO rooms: new, modern building; elegantly
furnished; close in; full first-class people;
clearing a handsome profit; fin* opportunity to
get' an uu-to-date house reasonable; sickness.
24 rooms: rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; fine proposition:
gcod least*.
45 rooms; Vent only $125; first-class location;
wvll furnished and good running order; clear-
In? now over $200 per month; always full; best
buy In city; account sickness; price $4900.
ISO rooms; grand, new, modern apartment-
house; elegantly turnlshed and equipped; cheap
rent- tine lease; paying $500 to $000 per month;
close in; full of nice people; bargain if taken
at once; dissolution of partnership.
23 rooms; central: 4-year lease: clears $103
over a"l expenses; most elgantly fumlshd and
equipped little apartment house In city; call
for full particulars; only with us. ¦
16 rooms: rent $05; cood furniture and car-
pets; always full: must sell within next ten
days; leaving city; make offer.
34 rooms; cheap rent; thoroughly renovated;
all In fine shape; flne little apartment-bouse;
clears $150; reduced to $2800.
Large list of real estate, rooming-houses and
business for exchange or trade always on hand.
CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy st.
MARION GRIFFIN.
406 Hearst bldg., over Examiner entrance.
Cor. Third and Market sts.. Tel. Black 3607.
Rooming-houses and hotels for sale.
1200 Market— MITCHELL & CO. — Jessie 2981
2C r., . housekeeping; rent $105; make offer.
16 r.. beautiful house; «unny; clears $50.
10 r. housekeeping; flne house; r. $75; $U00.
11) r. 2 floors: rent $50; tease; $1000.
11 r.. 2 floors: rent $41: for $350.
19 r., house; rent $S5; sunny; for $000.
'J r., house: rent $45; well furnished: $450.
MITCHELL & CO.. 120fl MARKET.
27 ROOMS, housekeeping; rent $13. . . . . .$1200
8 rooms, nicely furnished, with piano. . . . 57ft
30 rooms, attractively furnished 3000
18 rooms, new and elegantly furnished 3000
ft rooms, rent $37 ; a bargain 350
Large list of rooming-houses, flats and busi-
ness chances always on hand at MERCHANTS'
AGENCY, 1OC8V4 Market St. , .
NICELY furnished roominc-hous* of 17 rooms
with lease; very cheap If sold soon; owner
leaving city. Inquire 1149 Larkln st.
A 34- ROOM transient houso downtown; clears
$225; price $2800; no agents. Box 58, Call.-
ROOMING-HOUSE of 14 rooms for sale cheap!
rooms filled. 401 Fourth st.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and nubscriptions has been
opened at 1003 Market st., opposite Fifth.
Open until. II p. m. .
WAMTTED.
WANTED — Lodging-house of about 30 rooms.
Address box 34U0. . Call office.
CAEPET BEATING AND CLEANI5Q.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process. uni-
versally used for cleaning carpets on floor
without removal;" carpnts and rugs are also
cleaned by compressed air at shop; prices
moderate. S. F. Cqmpre&sed Air Cleaning
Co., 308 Market St. ;' phones Main 152 and
Bush 470. '
i WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDINGS Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing works--, 355-U57 Tehuma Ft. Tel. South 10.
WESTERN Carpet Cleanlns Works. 1S00 Har-
riso'i St.; Al cleaning- 3c. FRED HAGE-
DORN & CO.: phone Mission 225.
M 1TC H E LL?fc 210 Fourteenth St.— First-class
carpet cleaning 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet Beating Worki,
¦:.¦)¦': Golden Gate ave. Telephone Kast 120.
HOPKE BUOS. : excellent carpet beating; mat-
tre8£cs made over. 1432 Howard ;tel. South 210.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.';
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beatinsr works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison at.; tel. Mission 263
n>AT3 TO LET.
A— HOUSES and flats to let; an immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; it wi!l sav e you time and
trouble. Corde* Furniture Co.. 245-259
Geary st.. on the square.
NOE. cor. 19th — The Mission warm belt; one
block from ISth or Castro cars; lovely, new.
modern, sunny 4 and 5 room flats; every con-
venience; , must be seen, etc.; storerooms;
rents $20 to $27 . r <U; water free. Keys 3)79
ISth st.
FOR rent — A modern fiat of 0 large !»unny
rooms, bath and cellar; all latest Improve-
ments: In the best neighborhood of the Mts-
slon. SC27 Twenty-fifth »t.. between Valen-
cia and Guerrero.
N. V*. CORNER Scott and Fell— A sunny
4-room fiat to let; new floor carpets for
sale: reasonable. Inquire at premises. 5i>l
Scott st.
POINT LOBOS AVn., 320 — SUNNY SIX-
ROOM FLAT: JUST RENOVATED; RENT
gia. ¦
HAIGHT, 706— Only one left of those « new
fiats; 8 large sunny rooms: marble vestibules,
etc.; owner on the premises.
. CASTRO. 421. near 17th— Sunny belt: modern
upper French sunny 11 rooms; balcony; grand
I view; convenient tor 2 families; cheap: stable.
ELEGANT upper fiat, 6 large, sunny rooms
and bath; rent reasonable. 1737 Page st.
FLAT. 4 sunny rooms; larj* yard; rent $14.
714 Natoma st.
TO let— $7; TWO larg« rooms and yard. 726H
Harrison st.
DOLORES, 521, near Eighteenth — 6 large, ran-
ny rooms; bath; rent $30.
FLAT to let; 6 rooms and bath. 547 Castro
st. ; rent $?2 60. ¦
HARRISON. 1176. near Eighth — Upper flat. 5
rooms; perfect condition: rent reduced.
LAKE, 742, near Ninth ave. — New French flat;
1 C rooms: rent $25; park In rear.
PACIFIC ave., A03, near Fillmore— Flat of
6 rooms; sun In every room; large garden.
TWENTY-SIXTH, near Folsom— Just eomplet-
ed; corner flats of (5 rooms: rent $22 50-$25.
A NEW upper 7-room flat; marine view; nun-
ny. 8S6 Chestnut St.. near Lfavenworth.
FILLMORE, 112t — Modern 7 rooms; all large
and light; corner; rent reasonable.
GRtfEN. 20C5- HandsonTe. sunny, modern flat
«f 7 rooms; bay view; yinl in rear.
$16 — 5 ROOMS; large yard. 72tt Harrison St..
between Third and Fourth.
NEARLY new upper flat. 4 rooms and bath.
336*i Tchama st.
LYON. 11 '-i— Upper flat of 7 rooms and bath;
sunny and modern; rent $42 50.
$25—1710 WASHINGTON st.. near Polk: sun-
ny bay-window flat. 6 rooms and bath.
LARCJKST list of houses and flats to let. Call
on LYON & HOAO. 116 Montgomery st.
PEATS TO I.ET— rireNISHEP.
JONES, 1652— Small, ft-room furnished flat;
very sunny; grand marine view; rent $26.
FINELY furnished flat: almost new; will sac-
rifice whole or part; piano. 1112 Hyde st.;
I tel. Larkin 4653.
A— SIXTH Et.: flat, 8 r.; bath, gas; 2 rooms
pay rent. Call 462 Natoma St., 2 to 5 D. m.
FOR sale — Nicely furnished, sunny 5-rocm and
bath flat; no agents. 558 Fourth st.
riSANCIAS.
$15,000 WANTED — First mortgage; brick thea-
ter; business block; good leases; 10 per cent
Interest. HAYES, owner, Napa.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
INSTITUTION- cook.- $f>0: cook, country hotel.
$70; 4 cooks, city, $30, $35; nurse for two
children, $30: infant's nurse, $25; 4 second
girls, city, $20, $25; companion and seam-
stress, $25; laundress and chamberwork,
private family, $30; laundress, country laun-
dry, $25 and fd. : chambermaid, country
hotel, fare paid, $25; 5 waitresses for com-
mercial hotel, country, $25. $30; restaurant
waitresses, $6 and $8 per week; cleaning
woman for small sanitarium. $2O; kitchen
helper, private family, $25; 44 general house-
work girls, city. $2»>, $25, $.10. Apply to J.
F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter St.
HEAD chambermaid for an institution, no
waiting or washing. $25; second girl for
Palo Alto, $23; cook, also a waitress, for a
small, plain boarding-house, $35, $30; res-
taurant waitress, $6 per week. MISS
PLUNKETTS. 425 Sutter st., near Powell.
NURSE for 2 children, for Contra Costa Co..
$30 a month: chambermaid, willing to do
plain laundrywork, $30; second girl, for
Palo Alto, $25; cook for small, plain board-
ing-house. $35; restaurant waitress. $ti per
week. MISS PLUNKErTTS, 425 Sutter St.,
near Powell.
THE NATIONAL EMPLOYES' RECORD CO.
Second girl to go Palo Alto, $25 and found;
nice place.
Waitress, out of city, $20 and found. ¦
Bookkeeper, knowledge of stenography, $50.
Cock ani housework, San Diego. $20 and fd.
Reception lady. $S.
Office open Saturday till 8 p. m.
We have lady In attendance.
THE NATIONAL EMPLOYES* RECORD CO..
500 Hearst bldg.
A— WANTED— Girls to learn halrdressing.
manicuring, etc.: trade taught from A to Z
In 2 weeks; tuition $5 to those entering now;
three positions to fill Immediately; positions
guaranteed at $10 per week up; leading
' school In West. 233 Geary St.. room 13.
A — GIRLS to learn millinery now for fall sea-
son; both seasons taught from start to finish
In one month for $15; positions as trimmers,
salesladles.etc. guaranteed at $10 per wk.up:
day and evening class. 143 Stockton st.. r. l.l.
Halrdressing, manicuring, massage, scalp treat-
ment, hair work, removal superfluous hair; $5
2 wks.; day. eve. class: positions secured; all
parlor work at reduced prices. 133 Powell.
ONE HUNDRED OPETIATORS AND GIRLS
TO LEARN ON OVERALLS AND ENGI-
NEER JACKETS. STANDARD FACTORY.
CORNER GOUGH AND GROVE STS.^
LADY agents; best proposition; if you want to
make money call LIEBERMANN. 231 Post
Pt., room 4.
WANTED — Experienced Jacket and cloaic fit-
ter. Apply superintendent's office, The Em-
porium.
GIRL for cooking and light housework: 2 in
family; $25: Palo Alto. Call only between
tl and 11. 751 Sutter at., room M.
HOUSEKEEPER for quiet, refined invalid gen-
tleman; salary no object; liberal to right
party. JOHN C. GRIFFIN. Cecil Hotel. Ukiah
Wanted — Young girl assist housework and care
for children; sleep home. 1241 Sanchez st.
WOMAN without lncumbrances can procure
permanent cosltlon by addressing, at once,
box 144, Call office.
THREE salesladies to sell perfumes and face
powder: good wages; carry samples only. Ap-
ply A. H. SMITH. 1300 Polk st.
WANTED — Experienced dry goods saleswoman.
Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE
BRCS.'
A WOMAN wanted for housework; large fam-
i'y; wajes $30 per month; good home. Ap-
ply In mornings. 124 Frederick st.
CHOCOLATE dipper; must be experienced:
good wages; steady. B.J. Baum. 1144 Howard
GIRL wanted for general housework. Apply
2228 Clay st.. corner Buchanan.
A YOUNG girl for housework: 3 in family no
washing: $15. 2172 Green st.
WOMEN to work in cannery. Webster st. be-
tween McAllister and Golden Gate a.ve.
H3ELP WANTED — MAM.
YOUNG man. bright, over is' to preparTTor
clerk-carrier position in San Francisco; good
entrance salary; gradual promotion; entrance
exam. soon. See A. C. HOFF. Bacon build-
ing, Oakland, Immediately.
MEN to learn barber trade; only eight week*
required; constant practice and expert In-
struction; positions secured; special Induce-
ments this month; catalogue mailed free
Moler System College, 635 Clay st.
WANTED— First-class clothing salesman to go
to a city a short distance from San Fran-
cisco. Apply between 9 and 11 a. m . at
HALE BROS/
WANTED — Men and boys to learn plumbing
trade; Coyne Bros. Co. School of Practical
Plumbing; send for catalogue. Address 4973-5
Eaaton ave.. St. Louis. Mo.
WANTED — Mattress-maker. Apply Wakefleld
Mfg. Co.. 461 Fourth St., Oakland. CaL
JOIiX 1). SPRECKELJS. _ Proprietor
Address Communications to
JOI1X McXAUGIIT '£. ;~_i-j 3tenagep
W^ J.I MARTIN . .*. .Business Manager
• • TELEPHONE.
Afk fur THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect You With «>.e Department You \\ ish.
HuKiration Oin>e Market and Tlftrd, S. V.
Editorial Room? *-'17 to 221 St?venson st.
Dtlivervd by Carrier*. 20 Cts. Per Week, 75
Cts. Pt Month. Single Copies ."> Cts.
Terras Ij>- Mail, ladudlSS Postage (Cash W Kh
. Oid-r>:
DAILY CALL lindttd. HurjJsy). 1 year. . .»> <x)
DAILV CALL <:iu!u<;. EuwJayK 0 jnos... 4<H»
DAILY CALL— U: J^ncle Month 75c
BITSCDAT CALL. 1 Year - ¦•»'>
WEEKLY CALL. 1 V^ar -«00
wrmt.-?f-v- Daily . . .$K.S(» Per Year Extra
hORLION I >SuU) , ay . L15 j. er year Extra
• POSTACE. 1 werk'.y. 1.00 l'er War Extra
ALL POSTMASTEBfi ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Sarcp^ Copies will be forwarded when re-
quested.
Mali subscribers in ordering change of ad-
C-.r-n- should be particular to give both NEW
AN4J OLD ADDRESS in order to insure a ,
prcrcpt ar.d correct compliance with their re-
quest.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
IClti Broafiway Telephone Main 10S3
BERKELEY OFFICE:
21 IS Center Street Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
6AMUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
•WaMorf- Astoria Hotel: A. Brentano. 31
Cnica Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue
Hotel and Hcftman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House: P. O. News Co.; Great
Ncrthera Hotel: Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KBOGXESS. Marquette Building.
iLpr.fr Pittance Telephone. "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
ETEPHEN B. SO Tribune Bulldinf I
NKW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CA RLTON Herald Squars j
BUSINESS OFFICE cf the San Francisco Call.
corner Market ard Third streets: open until
12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
100*> Market street, opposite Fifth; open until
11 ]>. m
527 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
8:.'i'» p. m. .
::'•> Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
«nw McAlliffr Etrctt; cj.en until 3:"0 p. m.
• •lTi Larkln street; op*:i until 9:3l> p. m.
3341 Mits-ion street; or-^n until l«t p. m.
l<*; Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
Hum; Valencia street; open until U p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until 9 p. m.
22O) Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m.
MEETIgg SOTICES. .
TAST MASTERS' Association of Call- ¦
forr.ia, F. and A. M. — Regnlar month- f\
ly nieetir.K THIS (SATURDAY) Avjv
EVENING at b o'clock. By order of v3»»
the President. H. J. OWEN, Secretary.
PAST MASTEKS' AFsociation.of Cali- •
:>>rn!a. F. ard A. M. — Members will A
assemble at the Masonic Temple i/oV
SUNDAY, at 1 o'clock, to attend the CB?
luneral of our late brother, FIORENZO
CAVAGNARO. Past Master of Speranza
Itali&na Lodfi No. 2i:». F. and A. M. By
order of th» President.
H. J. OWEN. Secretary.
SOL'TH SAN FrTANcTsc6~LodBe~No^ » ' ;
212. F. ar.d A. M.— The officers and YY
m«mberE cf the ab jve named ledge are /v\
r«^ui sted to assemble at the hall of
thf lodse. Fourteenth and Railroad ave*..
THIS SUNDAY, the L^th inst.. at 1 o'clock
p. m.. for the purpose of attending the fun-
t-ral of cur late r-rorhpr. RUIXJLPH WIL-
LIAM SCHULTZE. Master Masons, frien.is
and acquaintances are cordially invited. By
order of the Master.
. E. C. HARE. Secretary.
EXCELSIOR I>gree Lodge No. 2. *>«**¦»
1 '-' '' I'.— Ucsrular :::. • -. ji.s S "jSSsrfct
THIS (SATURDAY) EVENING.^>is§55?=
CHARLES J. THELAN. D. M.
MASTER Mariners' Benevolent Asjo- r — -
ciation— Special meetins will be A 4r~?»
held at hall. r.2n Post Et.. SUN- i '^S»
DAY. Aucust 2\ 12 m.: all mem- ~~^~7Z
t*-rs are r«ju<>Med to be present for the pur-
l>o*e of attending the funeral of our de~
<.eaj=*d brother. R. W. SirHULTZ. from Ma-
*r,nic Hall. Fourteenth st. and Railroad ave.
South. By order of the president.
L TRAU.VG, Recording Sec.
CHEAPEST and be«t In America— The~Weekly
Call. 16 rap<=s. sent to any address in the
Vr;t«"1 Pt.-)t*« or Canada rn> y»ar for SI.
AGEWTS WANTED.
AGENTS are reaping a rich harvest introduc-
ing our rapid-ielllnK household novelty tend
for circulars. Ad»»U Bros. Mfg. Co., Orange
M«S»; '
UP-TO-DATE agents, either *ex; sells at might •
used m every home; big commission. 1055
\\ayhintrton M. Office 7 and 8. Oakland^
ATTOEgEYS-AT-LAw!
It. W. KING, Attorney-at-Law. Exam, bldg
• flth flour; entrance room 611: established 15
year*; all cases, general court and offlc«
practice: no fee in advance or for consulta-
tion; evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3C01.
ADVICE free on all legal matters; divorces a
Fptclalty: private, quick: no pay in advance-
miring companies organized ;patents obtained'
G W. HOWE. 1122 Market Et. ; estab. 22 yrs!
ADVICE free; divorce costs $12; quick, qulrf
all iaw business; no charge unless euccess-
fuU creH eve-r.ir.ct. 927 Market, room 204.
COLLECTIONS. attachments, mechanic's
lien*, probate, tenant* ejected. Attorney. 632
Market Et.. room 23.
DnrORCE— Costs. ~$12; quick, quiet; advice
.ree; all Saw hntUwMj no charge unless fuc-
_cesg.ul; open evenings. 027 Market, room 301.
ADVICE free; divorce co*t«~$I2 ~ no fees or
ootts In advance; all law business; office
open Saturday evenings. Slit Market St.. r.33.
£**JL?J£S£: I' 27 Market - «¦¦ 304; consultation
iree. no fees In advance; open evenings.
PATENTS obtained; Information furnished for
eale cT r»tents_SONNTAG Agency?214 Pine
PSSSS'ifTli* < Z£, 1Iectl ' )n Agency, r. 85^16
Martft; tel. John r226; solicits your business
atttokobix.es..
AUTOMOBILES FDR~eale~*
1903 Oldemobile runabout
!9«5 four-passencer Et. Louis.
lUOl Winton rur^bout. ,
i:»02 Pierce motorette.
IMO4 flve-pttesenrcr autocar.
1I«O3 four-psssencer Knox.
¦Write for sartlculars and price*
E. MOHRIG. 123 City Hall ave.
ASTHMA BEMEDT.
DI NOLA'R Acthnia RernedTTei^v^Tln^tant-
!> i : K £. C*' 50e - 1002 Mark «t. St. Nlchola.;
faiso Ishart. 10th and Washington. Oakiand!
BIRDS. DOOS. ETC.
YOUNG parrots, guarant-ed to talk. $5~eaciT*
•a-tft variety dugs, birds, cages etc at low
price?. 1544-40 Market st.
HAP.TZ Mountain canaries i African gray par-
rots. Just received. A.C. Roblson.a>r, Kearny.
BOOKS.
ECHOOL bocks, old and d»k. bought android
IMLY & CURRAN. 857 Geary st
' CHIROPODISTS.
COrtNS. fc-jnlons. ingrowing nalisTrVated fres
to September 1: no cutting; ao soreness af-
ttrward. DR. W. A. DAWES, 233 Geary it
trtom fi. "
CIiOTHIBrO HEgOyATIIgQ.
£i:iTS cleaned «nd rrcsfM. SI; flouring and
Jyelng. Bon March*. 40 Ellis 6t. room «•
fhone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.'
r _*y ; * : ' cor.tECTioar
iJBftd tenants ejected for ?4; collections made-
<ity cr country. Pacific Collection Co.. 415
Montgomery, tocrn* M-10; u-!. Main ioSO.
COTTAGES TO LE7.
S22 I>0— LWLLY r.wny «.:ttase; H mum*, bath-
water I ree. US «*unjbfrland ft., cor. Dolores!
FILUEKT. lit*. n»«r Leaven worth — Bunny
cottage, 4 rocus; latxe yard; rent $13 60.
BUSniESSCJIANCES.
A — $ll'5O; COFFEE and tea j=tore with route of
oui-torncrs, horse, vason. etc.; in bcs;t busi-
ness town across the bay; lull value in sight;
a well established an»! good paying business,
fcoe H. G. WILKE. MH Kearny st.
A— $1500; CORNER salco.i; in choicest location
of the- Misf.on; rent $2l»; place established
many years; doing a kwmI paying bnsimf*.
See 11. G. WILKU. -ti>s Kearr.y st.
$2'Jm;— BAKLiKR fhop; 4 Chairs; --'legant fix-
I tures and clearing at least $51) per week;
[ rent $75. including 7 rooms; located in the
choicest business part of this city. Call H.
c. WILES. 20 Vj Kearny st.
A— $750: DEL1CATKSSEN, branch bakery and
fanry grocery; 4 nic»- living rooms; rent $25;
daily 1 receipts about $20; best location north
(t Market st. Call R. U. WILKE, 2tf',4
Kearny tt. ¦ /
A— $1000. THE leading oyster-house and res-
taurant :n Santa Bosa; rent $30; business
established years «ind making money. See
K. G. WILKE. 2t!'i Kearny st.
A— fJZiiQ: ROADHOUSK; the best In Sonoma
I County; house ot 0 rooms, orchard etc.; 4H
years' lease; Investigate at once; a raie
chance. R. G. WILKE. 20'^ Kearny st.
A-41S0O; CORNER saloon; about 1 block from
Chronicle building; lease; one of the best lo-
cations in this city: rare chance. See R.
G. WILKE, 26Va Kearny st.
A — {1200; corner saloon on Ellis st.. rent $40,
leare; dally receipts $18: fine location, good
business. Call R. G. WILKE. 2C^ Kearny.
A— $1200; corner family liquor store; choicest
location in Western Add.; value In sight
acd a good paying business; 4V4 years'
lease. Call R. G. WILKE. 264 Kearny at.
A— $G500; SALOON, one of the best on Market
«t.; 4Vi-ye«r lease-, rent $107; place Is ele-
gantly fitted up and never clearing less than
$350 per month. See R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny st.
A— $2CC0; HOTEL in San Mateo Co.; 28 fur-
ntehed rooms, dining and bar room, bowling
alley and dance pavilion; rent $100; horse,
wagon and :{ cows; 5-year lease. See R. G.
WILKE. 2C>4 Kearny st.
A— $2000; COrtNEK saloon; only one block of
Market st. ; plaue established years; 4 rooms
upsUirs: lease; rent $70; a good business.
See R. G. WILKE. 2U>4 Kearny
A— $2000; CORNER saloon; living rooms;
place ettabl. years; doing a good-paying busl- 1
:-.«s; lease; sickness of owner compels him
to tacriflce. R. G. WILKE, 20'j Kearny st.
A— $.150u; COHNEIJ grocery and bar on Fulton
st.; rent $00; Uvlnj rooms; stock will in-
voice about $2S0O; a well established and
• first-claf? paying business. See R. G.
WILKE. 2CH Kearny st.
A— $350; CORNER cigar stand on water front;
rent $25: value In eight: a good business.
Hee R. G. WILKE. 20VJ Kearny St.
A — $1750; GROCERY and bar; located in the
best manufacturing town of San Mateo Co.;
cash trade; rent $'>0; 4 furnished rooms;
lease. See.R. G. WILKE. 2H»4 Kearny st.
A— $200<»; CORNER saloon with 4 years' lease
In wholesale district: owner bought ranch
and sacrifice?: saloon established years; a
firM-class paying place. See R. G. WILKE,
2flla Kearny st.
A— $hO0: CORNER saloon in wholesale district;
rent $50; place doing a flne business; sur-
lounded by wholesale houses; no night or
Sunday work. R. G. WILKE. 26Vi Kearny.
A — $3500; ELEGANT barroom, with mercan-
tile lunch; on Montgomery St., vicinity of
California; place must be sacrificed on ac-
ccunt of ill health of owner. See R. G.
WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A— CAMERON & CO. Phone South 10D0.
3 Eddy St.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
FOR sale — 'Well furnished 5- room ark, moored
one hour's ride from city: fine chance for
summer outing; also fcr winter shooting and
fishing; completely furnished and equipped
for housekeeping; automatic generators for
making own tas; toilet; closets; everything
strictly new and modern: accommodate 12
pecple over night: perfect little home; owner
obliged to bo East; make cSer. CAMERON
& CO.. 3 Eddy st.
For sale or trade — Quartz mine; flne prospect:
located in Cal.: assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for rmg.-hs. or business. CAMERON, 3 Eddy.
WANTED — To exchange Income property In
Alameda for stock of merchandi&e In San
Francibco. CAMEKON & CO., 3 Eddy.
EXCHANGES made in all kinds of real estate,
rooming houses an'l business chances. CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — Wholesale and retail manufacto'ry
for makine all kinds of toilet articles, such
ti face creams, tooth powders, shampooing
liquids, cold creams, toilet water! 1 . ;>erfume.'»,
etc.; established 4 years; will bear strictest
investigation; above goods In daily use and
must be had; guarantee handsome profits;
must sacrifice on account of sickness; price
$500. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy St.
FOR sale — Well equipped millinery store;
beautiful showcases, counters and store fix-
tures; clean stock of goods; doing cood busi-
ness; fine location; fittings cost more than
price asked; big enap at $1000; sickness
CAMERON & CO.
For sale — Grocery, creamery, hay. feed, also
barley mill plant: best interior city In Cali-
fornia; ever -40IX) pooulatlcn; sold as whole
cr separately, flne proposition; has the but-
ter business of the town; extensive interests
«r!r-ewhere only reason for selling; books open
for insDection. For particulars, see CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy.
FINE OPPORTUNITIES.
IF you wleh to *>uy or sell property of any
description, dwelling or rooming house,
grocery, butcher shop, dellcateswn. branch
bakery, cigar stand, saloon or business of
any kind, do not fall to call upon us; we
may have Just what you want to buy or a
purchaser for what you have to sell. SEAL
P.OCK INVESTMENT CO.. 1312 Market St.,
rooms 41S-41U; telephone Folsom 3468.
ATTENTION. "" ~
RESTAURANT KEEPERS.
FOR SALE.
One of the best located restaurants In
Santa Barbara, containing 15 tables and all
necessary utensils: also well-constructed
large cold storage room/ and with or without
rooming-house consisting of 16 rooms; a
money-making place for right party. For
full Information Inquire at 619 State St.,
Santa Barbara. Cal.
$3000 — SALOON; near city front; lease; rent
$S0. See F. BERG. 318 Kearny st.
$250 — PARTNER In light business; good chance
right man. See BERG, 318 Kearny st.
$7500 — LIVERY and boarding stable at a bar-
galn. See F. BERG, 318 Keamy st.
$125 — CORNER grocery and branch bakery; 3
fine living rooms, yard and shed; rent $10;
also 2 kitchen stoves, cheap. C. A. SMYTH,
1300 Santa Clara ave., Alameda.
$700 BUYS cigar stand, factory, billiard hall
and laundry office; receipts $10 a day; 4
years' lease; $25 a month rent. Inquire
]007^i Market St., room 1.
$1500— GOOD-PAYING saloon In Mission; rent
$35 ; 4 years' lease; owner going to Europe.
Apply WICHMAN. LUTGEN & CO., 29 Bat-
tery st. .
WANTED— Partner In grocery store in city,
close to San Francisco; good trade and stock;
will give the right man a bargain. Address
bcx 4S02. Call office.
A— $300; PARTNER wanted in light business,
suited to plain, steady man satisfied with $15
to $35 a week. 47 Geary st., room" 5.
EDUCATED woman with som e means would
like to find partner in a good money-making
business. Write box 2S0. Call.
$500 WILL buy good commission business in
Oakland; established trade; Al location- act
immediately. Box 133<l. Call office, Oakiand.
FOR sale — A first-class tea and coffee route
In Berkeley. Address G. M. A. box Call
office.
BUSINESS man has $200 to $500 to invest in
paying proposition; state particular* Box
142. Call office.
$000 — CORNER grocery* and retail liquor store-
good business; No. 1 location: 5 living rooms'
cheap rent. Apply S2C Hampshire st.
$500— RESTAURANT, oj"ster-hous>e; handsome
place; 2 entrances; must be sold. 759 Market
st.. room 12.
BUTCHER shop averaging $40 business day:
trade and location best possible; owner out
of health. G.. cor. Sanchez. Mkt. and 15th.
A DELICATESSEN store and dining-room,
with steady boarders; living rooms with fur-
niture; nice for a family. Call at -110 9th.
CIGAR store, must be sold; old established;
cheap rent; lease." Box 1324, Call office,
Oakland.
J;s&ii — ORGCEH7 and bar; old established; ions
!ea*e: 4 living .rooma; rent $25; sickness
cause. 74S lirannan »t.
BITY my risar store; you will snake S2 !>0 por
(lay; I am sfvk: good stock. 40<> Ninth st.
PLATINUM photo etudlo for sale cheap at
San Jose. Particulars 750 Stanyan et.
FOR rent — A saloon and 7 rooms. Apply to
ANTONE DAV1LLA. Alvarado. Cal.THE SAN FRAtitlSCO CALL, SATURDAY. AUGUST 27, 1904.
13
KELP WAHTED-KALE-Contianed.
Tunnel man for examining, sounding tunnels,
bos* here. $4 day.
MIRRAT & READY. fi34 and 636 Clay Et.
ALL fIzcr men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission Ft., bet. 1st and 2d He.
OET your shoes half-soled while waltine: 25c
' to 5Oc. 563 Mission st.. b?t. 1st and 2d sts.
SOLICITORS WAlfTED.
EXPERIENCED canvassers only; $<i to $9 a
da>. 1114 Washington tt.. Oakland, room 3;
lf> to VJ a. m.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
AUCTION «ale every Tuesday; horses, wagons,
curreya. buggies, carts and harness; at 1140
Folsom st.
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
round; near Black Diamond, Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables. l»0 Stevenson, S.F.
PONY. bu«:y. trap and harness for sale. 411
Bryant st.
A 3-«PRINO huRinP:-s wagon for s-ale cheap.
I6M> Mission ft., n«ar Thirteenth.
BARN want'd; 7 Malls arid room for three
wagons. Apply 3 Eddy st.. room 6.
GENTLE sorrel horre; guaranteed to work
anywhere: 12.V) Ibt: xounfl: $130. 1*515 Eddy.
NEW and tecond-hand wagons, buggies, sur-
reys; cheap. l» Golden Gate ave.
FINE buggy horse for sale. Address box
4803, Call office.
SORREL horse for sale; 6 years old: works
double or single. Box 4«O2. Call office.
BUGGY for 6ale In first-class running order;
suitable fcr country use. Box 33£5. Call.
BUGGY for sale. Box 4S11. Call office.
AUCTION sale of horses, wagons and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m. 327 Sixth st.
WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagons, har.
ne«s work and driving horsea. 15th -Valencia.
HOUSES TO LET.
A^PRJNTEtTirst^oThous* s to leTTs^nTfoTcTr"
cular. G.H.UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery. 1
TO let— House of 10 rooms on California st.;
rent $40. Inquire at N. W. cor. Mission
and Tenth. Cal. Housewreeklng Co.
13.1-KEW p sunny room house; fine yard; twu
toilets; bath; latest Improvements. J34 Sec-
';n<\ ave.. near gaeramento st.
HOUSES TO LET— FURNISHED.
BEAUTIFUL RESIDENCE. "NOB HILL,"
FURNISHED.
To let for one year; owner to room and board
with family. Apply at 819 California St., or
rao"* '-4. 405 Montgomery st.
m ~ mm ¦— — — — — — — — — —^
WANTED— Small house or flat by' responsible
party; unfurnished or partly furnished. Ad-
dreys box 133S. Call office. Oakland.
INVALID CHAIRS.
SOLD, rented, exchansed; manufacturers of
Eames tricycle chair. 2Q1S MTtt.; tel.Park 775.
LOST AND FOUNB.
BTRAYED or stolen— Small bay mare, star
on head, and eoap wagon, on Oak st near
Gough. Please return to 1637 Fifteenth ave
eouth; reward.
LOST— A pats book with the Hlbernia Sav-
irgs and Loan Society of San Francisco In
the name of Jane Stark: No. 201 -1300 The
finder will pleare return to bank.
2>">?T— A passbook with the Hlbernia Savings
f.nd Venn Society cf San Kr^nclsco In the
r.«n;e Of ELLEN M. HARLOE; No. 277-:i5i(
The rindf-r will pleusa return to bank.
LOST — Masonic Com. charm; reward offered
H. C. TUCKER. 12S3 Waller et.
SEAL ESTATE — CITT — POB SALXS.
CHEAPEST LOT IN THE CITT.
Northeast corner of Geqry and Wehst*r.
e8:»r.8U:6.
Elegant corner for business and flats: post-
; tlvely miut be sold for t>est offer to-day:
owner leavlns the State. For particulars ap-
ply t >
THORNE & KILPATRICK. 312 Bush st.
ONLY A FEY' LEFT.
$1 25 PER WEEK. . .
NO INTEREST.
Choicest lots in the Excelsior Homestead
Tract: level as a billiard table: on street
grade; close to fine school; not far from th<*
Mlsslon-st. electric cars; secure one as an
investment and by th« time It Is paid for It
will have doubled in value the way prtcts
have advanced during the past year; buy
now before prices become prohibitive la this
rapidly growing section.
W. J. WHITE.
2«. Montgomery *t-. r. 8. ' Phone Main 3704.
$10.500 — 3 new modern flats, 6 r. each; rent
$1170; 2176-78-Si) Fulton, bet. Cole and Shrs-
der. Apply J. H. KRUriE, 2CJ & Shotwell.
$11.500 — 3 new modern flats: 8 r. each: rents
$12tiO; 268-7O-72 Frederick, bet. Ashbury and
Clayton. J. H. KRUSE. 23d and Shotwell.
$1600 — COTTAGE. 4 rooms, large yard; 220
2Sth St.; with good coal business. $300 —
Cottage. 4 rooms; 3 lots; 714 Munich st. Lot
In the Miiaion on easy terms. D COFFIN.
2529 Mission st.. bet. 21st and 22d.
FOUR, five and six room modern cottages on
terms seme as rent. Apply owner, lumber
yard, corner Army and Condon «ta.
CHEAP corner W. ready for building: grand,
view; price $1050; half cash. Apply 2200
Fillmore st
FINE cor. lot in S. F. : 75x?0; fronting thre*
streets. Address E. A. K., Fruitval* av»,,
Dlmond.
A $2000 HOME built to suit you. lot Included.
any location.- on $1 25 per week. Mutual
Home Building Association. 427 Croesley bid.
FOR sale — Two fine lots. Richmond, reason-
able. Rocm 310, Mutual Savings Bank bldg.
TWO new flats. 321 Twenty-third ave. ; Sutra
car.
Cottage. & rms., b. : business prop.; Mission:
mortg. can remain; no agls. Box 447. Call.
ALL work guaranteed first class by AHL*
BACH & MAYER, plumbers. 83tt Howard it.
FOR SALE— ELEGANT FLATS: up to dat«:
terms to suit purchasers; 1jt;«s lots on Fred-
erick, went of Wi'.Iard. Sam Glass, builder.
on premises.
HEAL EST ATE— COUUTTKY — Por gala.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards: inspected bargains: monthly cata-
logues <icnt free. C. M. WOOSTER CO..
<VH Market st.
WOULD sell 360 acres well watered mountain
grazing and farming land, improve*, at $ft.
C. E. DAVIS. St. Helena. Cal.
SAN MATEO BEAL ESTATE.
LOMITA PARK — On H.t« of San Mateo elsctrio
cars; 45 minutes from 5th and Market; sewer
and water pipes to each lot; electric lights,
etc.; 50-foot lots from $325 to $40O; terms.
$10 down and $10 a month: get oR at "Lomita
Park" and investigate; maps sent oa appli-
cation.
SELBY. RODGERS * CO..
Tel. Main 67.".. 11* California st.
ALAMEDA ADVERrS'MTS
ALA2XEDA SEAL ESTATE.
"' FORECLOSURE."
WE WANT AN OFFER.
NO REASONABLE OFFER REFUSED.
Almost new 8-room house; fine marine view;
house Is thoroughly modern; porcelain bath,
etc.; cement basement: $3000.
HAMMOND & HAMMOND.
The Leadlnz and R»llaMe Agents.
1422 PARK ST.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'NTS
BERKELEY BEAL ESTATE.
jQDDtft5c
II — 1 1 — 11 — 11 — 1 pn r
\ Si
jOOooic
Building lots at Dwight way station. Berke-
ley, fronting on Shattuck ave.. Ward. Derby.
Fulton and Ellsworth sts. ; street work com-
pl«te sewered, graded and macadamized;
splendid surroundings: new buildings: on Un»
of Southern Pacific and Key route; lot» 5ftx
134:6 each; prices $S0O to $1100 each; terms
if, you want them.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
Sole Agents.
25 Post St.. San Francisco.
INVESTORS. ATTENTION !
Choice business frontage at Lorta statloa
for sale.
Offered for T days at a bargain.
H D. IRWIN. LOR IN STATION.
SOUTH BERKELEY.
LOTfc 50x130 for $600: Central Berkeley: street
work done. W. E. FF.ENCH. 1S11 Pine. S. F.
OAKLAND ADVERT'S'MTS
O~"--1CE, 1016 BROADWAY.
O AgLAJTP BEAL EST ATS.
$3750— Reduced from J15C0 for a quick sals;
this property must and will be sold; new
colonial house of T rooms, bath: lot 50x
125; neighborhood first ctass and. con-
venient to Key route station, between
Telegraph ave. and Broadway; terms only
$750 cash, balance mortgage: space Is too
expensive to d-scribe this property as it
should be; to see it means to buy it and
to fully appreciate it both as a bargaia
and a home.
J. S. MYERS.
10C2 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
BARGAIN— $300 cash, balance $30 month: 9
1. and b.: laundry, pantry, electric lights;
gaa for cooking; lot 40x140; close to K«y
route station; price $3000. Owntr. 82» Thlrty-
eUhth st.
$6250— BEAUTIFUL new S-room house ea
¦ choice East Oakland corner. 60x100; every
modern convenience; elegant hardwcod finish
throughout; 2 reception room?, fine cement
basement: close to schools, church's and car
lices: easy terms.
B. H. WELCH & CO..
Fifth ave. and Eighteenth St.. Oakland.
$ST.CO— EXCELLENT business property: lot
100x115; busiest part or Telegraph ave.;
greatest bargain ever offered. For particu-
lars apply 11CS Webster st.. Oakland Real
Estate and Business Agency.
$1500 — HOUSE and lot; center of Oakland: five
room* and bath. Oakland Real Estate and
Business Agency. 110S Webster St., corntr
Twelfth, Oakland.
A GENUINE SNAP.
Nice cottage. tJ rooms and bath, stationary
wash tubs, brick foundation, high basement:
sunny front; flee water supply, with windmill
and tank: price $2000. 1018 21th st.
$2250. $275O. $4250 AND $12.CC0 WANTED,
at 8 per cent on first mortgage; good secur-
Ity. A. KATSER. 011 Broadway.
OAKLAND rtJKJliiUSE 70S SALS.
TO-MORROW the day for bargain* In furni-
ture. H. Schelhaastllth st..cor.store.OakUan4.
on Page Fourteen,
: % O . S^^H 1> rouHD — Continued.
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of Pan Francisco, in the
name of SARAH FEENEY. No. 2S2-1572.
finder will please return to bank.
LOST — All of our competitors; reduction in
prices and quality Of stock did it. SHIBELEY
THE FLORIST. 311 Sutter St.. phone Grant
1!)7; 1204 Sutter st.. phone East 817.
LOST— On Polk-st. car. purse containing sum
of monfy; reward. 912 Guerrero st.
LOST— Saturday, brown rat tall spaniel. 223
Dora st.
LAUNCHES FOB HISS.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO., foot of Clay
st.; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
J. Michaelis Launch Co.. Union-st. Wharf ; boat-
ing & excursions. B Steuart Ft. -.tel.John 2086.
MISCELLANEOUS — POB SALS.
AT a pacriflce — 3 pool tables, billiard table
with balls cue*, etc.. bagatelle table pigl
con-hole table, 1 counter, wall showcase,
large safe, lunch counter, iceboxes. 3 round
tables, large antique, mahogany sideboard 1
sot iron folding gates. 25 feet long and 7
feet high, suitable for th-ater or cigar stand
slot machine, etc. Apply to T. F. KEYEs'
'The Louvre." 14th and Broadway. Oakland!
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc., bought, sold'
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers
H. 8. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Bealest!
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
DOES YOUR" ROOF LEAK?
Repair It with elaterlte. in rolla easy to lay-
needs no painting or coating; good over old
Iron, tin or shingles: best for new roofs
ELATERITE ROOFING CO., 713 Market st!
A— BUYS, fells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys
etc WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
LINOLEUM, about 85 yards; Wildes* Inlaid
but little used; $40 if taken at once. 206
McAllister «t.. Capital Restaurant.
FOR sale— Cottage, to be removed, at 3791
Twentieth st.. near Dolores. Apply 2W Hay-
ward St.. off Harrison, below Eighth.
TYPEWRITER. Smith Premier No. 4- only
used 3 weeks; cheap. 2129 Center st.,
Berkeley. '
DIAMONDS and Jewelry on small weekly or
monthly payments. DEREMER'8, 137 Mont-
gomery st.. room 12. upstairs.
GENTS' full dress. Prince Albert and Tuxedo
suits to rent at LICHTENSTEIN BROS. 25
Stockton it. '
J. COOPER, gents 1 full-dress rental parlors,
moved from Palace Hotel to 21 Stockton St.,
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair- !
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
A FINE lorgnette chain, with 12 diamonds- a
bargain. 10 Sixth st.
FOR sale— Genuine water spaniel pu;pie 8 at
426 Natoma st. CHARLES COLEMAN.
ROOMS papered: $4 up; tinting, painting
Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 Third Uel.Maln 4l3!
NEERGAARD Cosmetic Co., 242 Poet st half
price for Dr. Neergaard's depilatory. ','
2D-HAND build'g material, lumber.doors.sash
plumb, material. The Dolan Co.. 1607 Market!
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged T 5"
McCarthy Co.. S07 Mission st. ; tel. South 81l!
BEAUTIFUL 1-karat diamond ring $80- worth
$100. GARIN. 138 Montgomery st?
FOR sale— First-class new bricks. Apply DR
C. C. O'DONNELL. 1021% Market st.
SAFES and cash, registers, new and ee-oml-
har.d. I. FREEMAN. 1^29 Market st
SAFES and desks: n«w and second-hand :prlces
right at Richardson Bros.', 1816 Market st.
Coatinntd.
ONE month piano rent free on pianos rented In
July and August. BRUENN. 225 Sutter st.
A FISCHER upright piano for sale; as good as
new ; $135. 237 Geary St.
SCO FOR a fine uprisht. If you want a bargain
call at HORNUXO'S, 21ft McAllister «.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecelian piano
player. : YRON MAUZY. .".OS-Sia Post St.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. S'.'HMITZ & CO., 1« McAllister et.
3-PEDAL Steinway up; Chlckering baby grand;
SSonlnger. little used. Keeffe's. 2S5 OFarrell.
MA.TTBESSE3 AND PILLOWS.
TO order: renovated, disinfected
l>rore<=s>: excellent cafpet cleaning. HOPKB
BROS.. 14."2-34 Howard St.: phone South 216.
OrnraS ASP STQBES TO LET^
FOR rent — Good, dry basemeniw with cement
floor and elevator service. 24x90; office wrll
lighted on ground floor. 24x30; A. J. WHIT-
AKER. 117 Sacramento st.
! FINE hall to let for dances, etc., 1 to 3 times
a week; cheap. Room B, 1107 Market st.
LOWER part of 425 Sutter St.; suitable for
business purposes.
PEBSO^ALS.
I DR. ROWELL'S Fire of Life, a sure cure for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia.
sore throat, etc. Sold by all druggists for
over 20 years; price 50c. Manufactured solely
by ROWELL A BROWN. 32 Turk St.. S. F.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves its growth, stops falling, cure3 dandruff
and itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers' ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 13.T8 Polk.
ALL witnessing collisions of street cars with
hearse on Mission st. last Sunday please call
or send addrefs to DANIEL O'CONNELL'S
law office, 226-7 Parrott building.
Cancerous lumps, sores. Impure blood (affecting
skin, mouth, bones, etc.) speedily cured by
skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy, 328 Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
A GUARANTEE TO GROW HAIR
On the worst bald head. Call or write. j
DR. G. S. MOORE. 3.J2 O'Farrell st.
AT less than cost; uncalled for sult9. overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS', London
Tailor. 721 Market st.
YOU can buy $73 worth of furniture for $7 50
down and $1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 340 Post et.. near Powell.
ELECTRIC light cabinet baths, vibratory
treatments and salt glow. 467 Geary st.
MALE nurse, surgical, medical, mental cases.
4ti2 Goary st. ; phone James 7501.
Actlna restores lost eyesight; cures deafness and
• catarrh. A'VIDA CO.. 3524 19th. nr. Valencia.
Superfluous hair removed; electric needle. Mrs.
fcaton, 3(59 sutter. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary.r.yj.
SUPERFLUOUS hair A moles removed by elec-
tric needle. LOIS A. GRAY. 1170 Market st.
ELEGANT suits to order, extra pants or fancy
vests for $14 75. Fted Wagner, 850 Market
LADIES and gentlemen, you will find best hair
tonic in the world at 1S10 Sutter st.
ELEGANT suit to order A 1 ex. pair pants.$15.
LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mkt. St.. bet. 7th and Sth.
MRS. WHEELOCK removed (La Verite halr-
dreasing parlors) to G43 Market, next Palace.
MAGNIFICENT diamond ring, nearly 3 carats.
$230. GARIN. 13S Montgomery st.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 SO; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN A CO., 733 Mkt.
ALFREDtJM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color: $1; at all druggists'.
1 PHTSICIAWS AND SPBOEOaa.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
1021^4 Market St., bet. f.th and 7th: particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073»& Market st.
REMOVED— DR WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason St., now lo-
\_ cated at 667 Geary st.. near Leavenworth.
WONG WOO, the famous herb doctor— All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay et.
DR. WONG HON. 319 Powell St.. tea and herb
sanitarium; diseases skillfully treated.
PATENTS.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law, 6 Hobart bldg./ 532 Market st.
PURCHASING AGENCIES.
CLARA E. JEWETT, purchasing agent; coun-
try orders a specialty: correspondence solicit-
ed. 3568 17th St.. San Francisco. Tel. Capp 856.
PROPOSALS.
NOTICE is hereby given that sealed bids will
be received until 2 o'clock p. m., Monday.
September .12. 1904, by the Board of Con-
trol of the Territory of Arizona, at tha
office of said board in the city of Phoenix.
Arizona, for the sale of ten bonds of tha
denomination of one thousand dollars each,
numbered 11 to 20. Inclusive, bearing data
of January 1, 1904, due and payable Jan-
uary 1, 1954, bearing Interest at the rate cf
6 per cent 15%) per annum, optional after
twenty-five years. Issued by the Territory
of Arizona, in accordance with the pro-
visions of Act No. 73 of the Twenty-second
Legislative Assembly of said Territory, and
which act has been approved by the Con-
gress of the United States. Said bonds be-
ing the second issue or the loan authorized
by said act. Interest on said bonds will
be paid semi-annually on the first day of
January and July of each year, and both
principal and interest payabla . In gold coin
of the United States at the office- of ths
Treasurer of said Territory. A certified
check of » responsible bank for 5 per cent
of the amount bid. payable to the order of
E. E. Kirkland, Territorial Treasurer, and
a copy of this advertisement must accom-
pany each bid. Failure of bidder to maJo
payment in full upon allotment and tend»r
of bonds will be considered a cancellation
of the bid and the forfeiture of the check
accompanying the same. The board reserves
the right to reject any and all bids. Bids
must be sealed and addressed to the Board
of Control. Phoenix. Arizona, and markM
"Proposals for purchase of Insane Asylum
Bonds." GEORGE E. TRUMAN. Secretary.
BTOEAGE AND WAEEHOUSE3.
A— EMPORIUM Storage A Van Co.; furniture
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard »t.. hr. Third; phone Grant 161.
A— GILBERT & STOLL Storage Co.; storage,
packing, shipping: warehouse G.G. and Van
Ness; office 1170 Market, r. 43; tel South 750.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co.. 3 Eddy st. ;
phone Mint 2941; JOHN F. COOPER, pres.;
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
PIERCK-RODOLPH Storage A Moving Co.. of-
flce Post and Powell sts.; tel. Pri. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 3X3 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 126.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made. 840
Mission St.; tel. Howard 041. F.W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage- and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore st.; phone Jackson 2S1.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
St.; tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
AT th» new retail office of the White, 913
Market St., the finest collection of machine
embroideries and artistic sewing machines
ever shown' on the Coast are now on exhibi-
tion. When you buy or rent a White you
get the best sewing machine on earth.
DOMESTIC— The machine for family use: best
is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any \
price: all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic office. 1021 Market st., near Sixth.
A NEW Home, the b»st second-hand machine: ¦
all kinds. $3, $5. $S: guaranteed: where the
dolls sxving in the window. 1051 Market st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
A GUARANTEED cure for piles: PETER
FREILING'.S Dlle salve. ?I per box: war-
ranted to cure all cases of bleeding. Itching,
external, internal or protruding piles, also
fistula, without .fail, no matter how long
standing. 1628 Devisadero «t.. near Sutter.
_ TO^MT. ..
BUILDING 25x60. suitable for manufactory or
blacksmith »hop. 22 Cortland ave.
TUBF.
TQ-DATS Chicago form — AG-CTM-HcipUV^FG
-CT-UU-VR-BL-UO-SG-AOI-BJ-UU-BL-UO-
BVS-UQ. Key free. Box 56. Call.
yiATT.*
A WAT to health — Mothers' aad daughters'
home treatment; booklet free: write for it
V1AVI CO.. 2304 Van Ness; phone East 2s£
MISCELLANEOUS — FOB SAZiE — Con.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck, 131 Post »t.
SOME good 2d-hand gasoline engines 1 to 12
h. p.. cheap. E. B. BECK & CO.. 122 Mk..
SAFES? — New and second-hand! THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
a!l sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont «t.
MISCELL A WE O US ¦y^AlTTB.
BIG prices paid for old gold, sealskins, dia-
monds, gents' full dress suits, etc.; aund
r-oi-tal card. LICHTENSTEIN BROS., 25
Stockton «t.
WANTED— Second-hand roller desk; fair con-
dition; must be cheap. Box 0420, Call.
HIGHEST prices for ladles', gentlemen's cast-
off cloth., etc. 922 Foleom; tel. Folsom 3522.
HIGHEST price paid for castoff clothing. Te7
Davis 825; 650 Sacramento st.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 8th st.; tel. Jessie 2851.
MOKET TOJiOAir.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY,
¦ V 601-C02-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estate, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests; assignments of rents; property in trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
Kt, 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, In city, town
or country.
Low rat* of lterest.
Give full particulars
of property or chattels.
Location, etc. .
Box 400. Call office.
SALARY LOANS— ™~~
Mosey loaned salaried people without secur-
• Ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake, 453 Parrott bids.
A — ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates; no
removal; no publicity; also on real estate;
lft or 2d mortgage or on any security; any
amount. O. W. BECKER, 36 Geary, room 36.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store
846 Market; tel. Main 1644. Branch 10 Third.'
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teameters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; large business in 46
principal cities. Tolman, 553 Parrott bldg.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE, 907 Market «t_
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery «t., rm.21.
MONEY to loan at low Interest; gold, silver",
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S, 10 Sixth at.
CRESCENT Loan Co. loans to salaried people
just on their note; easy payments. 500 Rial-
to bide. New Montgomery and Mission su.
PRIVATE— Money loaned on salaries without
security, diamonds or chattels; no fee; no
com. Cal. Loan Co.. 526 Parrott ,bldg.
MONEY loaned on salaries, chattel mortgages
life insurance pollelea, *tc. .United Loan and
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton st.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture. Indorsed notes and other security S
F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building;
DON'T borrow money on salary until you see
us. Hutton Credit Co., 006 Mutual Bank bldg.
ON real estate and chattels. E. W LICK
1003 Mutual Sav. Bank bldg., 70S Market st.'
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 311. Mutual Sav. Bk. bldg.
MONEY TO IOAW — Cortlnned.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 'i per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 538 Kearny.
3% OX furniture & pianos; $1.'. up: no removal-
no :om. V. TREMAIN, room 8t, 6 Eddy st.
CASH loaned e.-ilarled people on notes without
lndorcer. MORRELL. 600 Examiner bull ding.
£ JKEDIOAIk
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relief
from irregularities consult me; my methods
are painless and reliable; no failures; no ex-
orbitant fee3. CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE; 17 years' experience in all fe-
male disorders; call or write. DR. WHITE
702 Market St., rooms 7 and 8.
LADIES — If you are in trouble, confide in me.
Rflief for irregularities. Help for the un-
fortunate. My time Is devoted exclusively to
these conditions. I'm the only GRADUATE
physician here who can say this Call or
write. Confidential. Est. 14 yrs. DR. R.
H. WESTON. office 305 KEARNY ST.
MRS. DR WYETH, specialist for all female
complaints and Irregularities; instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. 826 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all"fe-
male troubles and irregularities; instant re-
lief guaranteed. lOOS^i Market st.. opp. 5th.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
In troubTe consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the fiiost difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office 1018 Market st.
MRS. BERNARD, 17 Fourth *t., room 9. pos-
itively cures rheumatism; magnetic, vapor &
steam baths. Office hours 10 a. m. to 7 p.m.
DR. and Mrs. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
or'glnal method of treatment. 1126 Market.
MRS. DR. GWYER, 511A Leavenworth it., be-
tween Geary and O'Farrell.
LADIES — Kumround; safe, sure, never falls;
$2. Gleaaon-Ruggles Drug Co., Kearny & Clay.
DR. ROSEN resides 2005 Folsom St., corner
, 26th; ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
MUSICAL rNSTRUMESTS.
HEADQUARTERS for renting: pianos— Little
pianos for small rooms, medium size for
average rooms, big pianos for large parlors,
halls, etc.; pianos fcr rent at $1 per month,
some at $-. a large number of good ones at
$2 50 per mo. ; our own make pianos at $3
. per mo. (th« best instrument offered for the
money in S. F.); a fine line of elegant large
pianos for $4 and $5 p«r mo.; over $150 in-
struments to select from, all of. them good
bargains to buy os w*ll as rent; one year's
rental allowed off purchase price. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560-64 Hayes st.
6 GOOD ORGANS— CHEAP. — —
Beatty, 24 stops, walnut case $20
Taber, 8 stops, walnut case 23
Wllcox A White, 9 stops, walnut case.... 25
Packard. 10 stops, walnut case 30
Lyon & Ilealy, 11 stops, oak case 40
Estey, 2 manual, 12 stops eo
All fancy tops and cases — good order.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
A BUNCH OF UPRIGHTS— Easy Payments.
Erard, small upright for practice $40
Woodworth and Allovon. oplendld order. . 65
Neumann, mahogany case, a bargain.... 125
Sherman, Clay & Co.. good order 135
Grovesteen & Fuller, splendid order 145
BENJ. CURTAZ A BON, lft O'Farrell st.
AT $2 per month up. rent or purchase; lowest
terms, lowest prices and greatest variety of
new jrianos: all make* in- used instruments.
HEINE PIANO CO., 235-237 Geary st.; Oak-
land, 1232 Broadway; largest exclusive piano
house and only manufacturers here.
FIRST-class tuner will tune any piano until
September 10 for $1. Apply to MR. DUNAL
700 Broadway.
SECOND-hand piano, $125. BACIGALUPI, 7S6
Mission st.
PIANO for sale: flrst-clasa. Call at 546
Clayton »t.
A PRIVATE party left Fischer upright to be
sold; 3135. 237 Geary art..
A LOT unredeemed storage pianos, furniture,
dirt cheap. Whltehead's Storage. 1636 Mkt.
* HELP WANTED— MA.I.E— Continued.
A— MVK.1AV A- READY, C.« M J C3<5 day 8t.
Fii( ne Main r,S-i&.
Leading Employment and Labor Ag-ius.
l\> ?«p?3k ihe Gcnr.an. French. Italian.
Scan4.na.vtan. Creek, irpan^h. tiiavwnJan and
i>2lu.-h Inns'J.lik* .".
ma "A. (,av<- Ui04 "«> Hope to
<i\'i»i Mc:i Work. Increase U0.000.
He :.as »:rivej. Nfw at cur office.
U'-prvsentativt of the United State«
Government wcrk b*!n* don* c'.ose
to IVadsworth. in State of Nevada.
O«st only $1 orficat 1 <<•. Kre Ik>s?.
Mucker*. >7.V Soe boss.
T<anisui-. »7."i hvee buss.
Labortrfc. *;:.. ¦ St-e buss.
IJnl'.er*. $uu. Sc-e Ik-^s.
«>r.erete mixers. $7V S?e r>er>s.
HECHAXICAI*
i"^.'!!:! s-hovel f.>ri.;:iun, N'c-\a«ia. Government
v s k. ISO io tun.
*Vh*«-!vTig!iti5. Government work. Nevada.
*«» anj iound.
i.-ARPKNTERS.
CTi rough carptiiters, Govemiiient work, Ne-
vada, 3»c. exceptional rood job.
CAItPENTERS. OTHER JOHS.
IK «.ar|*i.t«-r t . :•.-_••¦ work. $90.
LUMBER O'MPANY.
I? cr.rpf-ntera. city ;pb. J^ .V) to 54 rtay.
« >-ench hanv>. planir.g mill. $3 SO flay.
BLACKSMITHS. ETC.
Shoemaker, faro day wager or 40o on II.
Stonecutter, tfan J.uis Obitpo County, SI 00
<i«y.
Concrete foreman. Si day.
Seuinp machine rperator*. shoes. $2 day.
FOREMAN. MAKK TABLES. *3 day.
Woodworker pine furniture, city. Vi day.
KOREMAX l!ITi:MEX WORK.
2 brui-hn:akrrs. rar* $1. $1 2<> per M.
1^ i::«i.N MOLDERS.
15 cooper*, tight ar.d work.
. ¦ MUHRAY *t itBADYJ Mi and «3«j Oay *t.
LABORERS AND TEAMSTERS^
two-liorse tfamstcrf, new work, fare
*3 "0. corporation own work. $60.
I"? laborers, b hours' work, fare 10c $G0
GZtEAT SPBCIAI*.
Private railroad, ycu'li *uit. steady Job.
M m«n, fare 5-J. see us f*M
NEAlt SAN FRANCISCO.
16 two-horse teamsurs. fare 15c. f2, J2 25
day
LOOK. BOARD VOLRSELVES.
2!> laborers in San Frar.tJsc.-o $2 day.
OIL-WELL DISTRICT
C5 laborers. «|— r 1 "' syndicate job, far* $4.
$67 M>.
FREE IARE. S. F. R. R.
i'S laboreif. cniy l'J miUs away, (1 70 day.
MONTERET.
15 laborers to-day. **e us $6" 5(V
C I>LO\V TEAMSTERS. $67 M.
16 labcrers. unload cais. 10c fare. $00.
Ml'RRAY & READY. <i.»4 and «^d Clay st.
TO SAWMILLS AND WiX)DS.
PLANING MILLS. DOX FACTORIES. ETC.
SLX"OXU I'M.VKEV MAN. fW> found.
3 crosscut f »« : riB. Northern Cal., >tO fd.
Circular sau>vi. day.
Cro^vut sawyer. *."•<• found.
Donkey foivnidn. Fiiipe logs, cut brush, f.V) fd
Jack kkwh :ur woods $40 fd'.
HEAD LINEMAN. $75.
tcrtdtr. lumber company $45 fd
N«< EXPERIEXCE WANTED.
3 laborer* for lumber co. : fare $2 $3o fd.
'-. Uho:trF. milis. yard. NORTH $«<>
30 laborers for wnods and camps, north... $'M>
HELP DllLD IT.
1C\ laborers to cut bru>.h away: help build
R. R. frcm sawmill t<i nooks: 'fare $0..$<j0
look: Boys.
25 boy* or young men to work in box fac-
tories. *:» AND $:!5 FD.. NORTH.
IC5 woudchjppers. tool*, etc.. FURNISHED
>-"<>n vou
Ml rut AY & READY. «>"« and C56 Clay st.
MINES— MINES.
12 machine miners: Euld Ql'ARTZ. $30
1" chuck tenders, boff here, $75 to $82 50
1«; HAND MINERS. bo»» here. $7.'. to $S2 50
15 tinibermen. bot» here $75 to $S2 50
LOOK.
lii laborer* cr young men to learn mining,
to t-tart. $:;i» found, rood chance for YOU.
ML'RRAY & READY. <£S*-ti3G Clay et.
IT.5 ITALIANS OR AUSTRIAN'S
l.'w SPANIARDS— MEXICANS '
Ml/RRAY & READY. 0^«-C30 Clay st.
LOS ANGELES
SAN BERNARDINO and RIVERSIDE DIS.
Tfi- land of mnshir.e. FRUIT FLOWERS
BY TRAIN. SANTA FE R R
00 FAKE. THAT'S ALL.
Jt>^ tw 0 t.ad four h^rpe teamsters $C0
MURRAY & READY.
C34 ar.d UJtt Clay Et.
hoTEl.. LAUNDRY. . BAKERT
BUTCHER AND OTHER DEPTS.
Cook $40, dishwasher* $15, plain hotel. £3o
fare.
< V.uk. 20 m«n. mine. *40 and found.
Sei-ond cook, city hotel. $.Vi and found,
.'-'ock. !"<> men. R. R. section-house.
1* cockr. difYerent hottls, campg. cafes,
mine*, tialoor.f. rar.che*. €tc, $^0, $40 $50
to JSO and found.
° 3 waiters, same hotel, fare $1 60. $35 found.
2 waiter? rame hot»l, fare $."!. $J0 found.
2 Wkttera. same h>.tel. fare $4 SO, $30 found.
32 waiti-rs. difTerent city and country jobs
is DISHWASHERS— 6 PORTERS.
EEDMAKERS. BELL & ELEVATOR BOYS
Kitchen hard, botel. fare $3, $35 found.
BAKERS.
Baker 1 * helper. Tare 2.V. 130 and found.
LAUNDRY.
Polisher on standard clothe*, $2 50 dav
Pollster, faro $3. $15 wrek.
2 *tar- h ircner*. $1^; lrnner. $15.
3 butchers. *hnp and * laughter-hoUFe work.
*»<¦>. $30 and found.
Sausage maker. $14: txperienred bone ham«
IX«- MURRAY & READY.
«*••"« and KM Clay Ft.
FARMS— DAIRIES.
«5 different ranrh handc. $2H. $30 $35 found
.'. milker*. $3f«. $:a and found.
2 sheep herders, fare $1 5". *30 and found.
KR11T PICKHRS.
1«8 choreboys and men. $1.1. J2rt. f2,% $30 f d
1 -iai HMEX-OARDEXERS- STABLEMEN'!
Hi nablemen. city and country jobs, $75, $t>0
130 and found. ' I
LARGE BANKING COMPANY.
16 laborer* to dig about trees, gather up old
trees and work shout orchard, anvthing fare
$1 2.V $2« ar.d found.
12 four-horf-e teamtters. $:>2 50 found.
Boy. printing office, city. $3 week. \
Boys. l»arn iradf-o. tend stores, etc.
•MURRAY & READY. 634-036 Clay et.
FOR A CLUB. "
Man ar steward, wife housekeeper, $75.
LOOK !
« lab<-.rer«. factorj-. country. $40.
Plomshakor. fare $1 .".ft. $(?7 5O.
* t»o-horf t"«nifttri. fare $1 30 $60
COMPANY.
fpiKER/.^etr,^^.!^' $1 75 l ° * day -
FAKERS.
Driver, bakery wagon and *tore. city. $30 fd.
LOOK'.
•Bull <*T.key engineer, bogs here $S5
'isng Hjf-rrin, bo<w here. $3 .V) a day
.V\ood turner, planing mill. $3 SO a day
LOOK !
Plasterer, day wages or hy contract
Painter, hous*. outFtfle work $2 75 a dav
MURRAY A READY. H3t-«B6 CUy st.
I HAYBALERS. 2O ten.
SPECIAL.
2 American chuck tender*. No. 1 mln(!i ,,
day found.
turner. b»nch hand.
S varnlth fltilth^rs. little experience. $3 to
$12 week. *
SPECIAL.
f'teward. R. R. company. $35 found
Welter, c'ty oy«er-hou»e $8 week found
Wetter, rity. good hctel. $35 found.
Cook, plain, hotel, fare 25c. $50 to $<» fou B( j
Janitor, handy man, city hotel. $.V) and room'.
Knife man, good Job, pigs' feet .haver
$2 7.'. day.
Butcher, fare 10c. $15 xr*«k
SPECIAL.
Farmer and wife, fare $1. 4 people t« cook
for. ?.V> and found.
, ?* buggy wazhers. harness cleaner*, hostlers
$«0. ,
SPECIAL.
€ laborers, private park. j-ou'Il suit. $26 fd
Young man. lirtle exp.. grocery. $S week
ML'RRAY & READY, 834-«36 Clay *t.
BPBCLAX:
fi handv men, mechanical Ideas, 10 hours
$? 75 day.
IS laborer*, shovel coal. ete.. 10 hoars, $2 B0
<¦>.
FACTORY. !
12 laborers. rou'U milt S«;0. <
MARIN COUNTV— FREE FARE
12 tesmMers. you'll t-jit $90.
LOOK.
2 truck foreman. P.. R. co., free fare
LOOK.
f!»*m »hov*l foremai:. Nevada, $$5 to $1<V>
V.'.&rV.rmirh. lumber co., fare $2 25, $i5 M
K!ark«n-.iih, contracting Co., %'& day.
Hor»<eshr>er, city. $4 day.
Bia. k*mith. $2 BO Any.
LOOK r
MARKER and distributor, Hun-.boldt Co
flfc weelt.
HAnnV OODSELL. Inundrrman please caII
D1kI.ti-«sV«t. r^untry botel. fare $2 $35 fd ,
P.-*kT> helper. /i~
rMshwashrr. rsmp work, fare $1. $~o fd
Jiintt/'.r-Tvrtcr. rlty DOtCl. $35 fd.
Pedmak^r. ;ity lodging-house. $23 and room
LOOK !
P.ov to heli. !n blacksmith shop. $7 week
F-rV!*ma:i. city, jood stable $35 fa
ix>ok :
5 labcircrf!. factory, fare ?.r>r $2 dar
I/>JK !
V.sk'-T'r VUi»r. fare 4(ir. $30 fd
He'.nr- nn 'Skes. rlty. *12 to 114 week
Vj d oK!
i'*UA .. «•*» work^ ranch. 30c fare. $40 fd ,
Trrrrrnr. stnall cattle and fruit ranch, $40 fd.
CHOCOLATE IN ONE-POUND CANS WITH WANT ADS-FREE
|§===^gsg^ggg| Celebrated Cocoa Ay "^
|| ; y^S, Products ¦ ' life J "^ "%rf
wound Chocolate ||j|p
Breakfast Cocoa
x/yty/A^ Will b^ aivpn qvv-iv in 1-nnnnH I ¦ ' '"" ' '^ V ' !J ; ~5S
> /^yv/7f\r7rJ»cr?CYv v^^ VV| " L '»- given dway in i pouiiu i {f^tlfi f '^T\~ > \ I
0 p. l/lfJgji&F^ cans to all advertisers presenting v&2^
y^i'k r y bona flde Want Ads (° nl y one
Jton ,,ji premium will be given to each J=*>
advertiser) sanfranciscocal /
IN
Ghirardelli's Sundflv's GMrardelIi ' s
Ground N«t bnfldoys
Chocolate ..CALL..
Is a home production, manufac- I ; — — i
tured from the nutritious and di- D. Ghirardelli Co. are the oldest T , . o „ '. r
., , , r , . u 1 a £ l ,, . n .. Is made in San Francisco, from
gestible substance of the best chocolate manufacturers on the Pacific choicest cocoa beans, and is
cocoa beans and high-grade sugar Coastandaretheoriginatorsof GROUND guaranteed to be of uniform ex-
tho^Zrci ?S£c a ™ila C CHOCOLATE It is the most delicious cellence and the highest qual-
thorough and scientific amalga- ¦ preparations and beincr ity. GHIRARDELLI'S BREAK-
mation of sugar and cocoa and is Ul <r " ( - ULU < 1 piepdidiioiib, ana Deing TfACTrnrnA a- *r
famed for a smooth, rich, deli- packed in patented hermetically sealed f h t min to^he^oTsumeT it°™
cious flavor peculiarly its own, cans retains its freshness and Strength therefore fresher, stronger and
ascinating to the most fastidious indefinitely. All Other • brands are fuller flavored than imported
T * f r u ' imitations. brands, which lose their strength
flavor of the best cocoa, with the | " • 1 in shipment. Ghirardelli's is the
smoothness and mellowness of only Breakfast Cocoa that retains,
sweet cake chocolate. Beinsr in «_ • Z. Z !T7 . 77 I ~—"--— -— z. * .**.•.-*, j iv , ,
, , , . 5 Premiums Can Be Obtained by Presenting undimimshed, the wholesomeness
condensed form itVfa stronger > Advertise,™* at S and nutrition of the natural prod-
z: jts^fStsss! BUSINES L OF^L of J he San Francisi!o Ca » n • l : is r only f a l#^
FECTIONS AND PASTRY It THIRJ> and MARKET STS. and strengthening food, but it
is the most delicious of all cocoa UnU1 12 ° >c '°<* *"»* Night in the Year. contains all the necessary ele-
.. — ments of nourishment to refresh
preparations. Oakland Office, - 1016 Broadway and rebuild the system.Mr*. A. H. Greenbers (owner) with Cnarle*
J. U. Koenlj? (contractor), architects Salfield
& Kohlbers — All work for a two-story fraai»
building on the K 1In« of Devlaadero street
72 N of Bush. N 28 by B 82:6; $7345.
S. W.- Fuller (owner) with Felix Marcus*
(contractor). — architect — All work for a frarn*
stable en the W line of Ashbury street. 201:9
N of Frederick. N ICO by W 1S6:3; $2300.
United Realty Company (owners) with R. P.
Hurbut (contractor), architect* Harena A
Toepke — All work for alterations aad addi
tion* to a four-story and basement brick
build In k on the N 1 1a* of Ellis strwt. 137 :•
W at Stockton, W W bj S 137:0; $31,000.
Builders' Contracts!.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 26.— The Amer
ican Minister to Panama, John Barrett,
acting under instructions from the
State Department, has assured the
Panama Government that the United
States will do nothing in Its interpre
tation of the treaty regarding the trou
blesome port question which is in any
way . Inconsistent with the honor and
the true interests of both countries, and
that It will not adopt any permanent
policy as to the main issue involved in
the port matter without fully con
ferring with the authorities of Panama.
This announcement has had a good ef
fect on the isthmus.
Explains Policy That Will Be Pur
sued in Interpreting the
Canal Treaty.
UNITED STATES ALLAYS
THE FEARS OF PANAMA
A delegation headed by former Minis
ter of Finance Moreno, accompanied
by two representatives of the Para
guayan Government, arrived at For
mosa, Argentina, to-day. The delega
tion is now on the way to Buenos
Ayres, under the protection of an Ar
gentine gunboat, to confer with the
Argentine Government and with ths
Paraguayan Minister, Manuel Vlera.
Two hundred and fifty citizens of the
Argentine Republic are returning from
Paraguay under diplomatic protection.
BUENOS AYRES, Aug. 26.— It Is now
confirmed that the Paraguayan revo
lutionists have seized a train carrying
stores and a number of Government of
ficials.
Stores and Passengers of
Hi^h Station.
Parairuayans Seize a Train Carrying
GOVERN3IEN.T OFFICIALS
CAPTURED BY REBELS
ST. LOUIS. Aug. 26.— Mrs. Emma
Wilkinson of Alhambra, HI., upon tak
ing a look at the Ygorrotes at the ex
position was so shocked at their nak
edness that she fainted. They restored
her to consciousness, but as soon as
she recollected what she had seen she
fainted again. She kept this up until
she was put safely on board a train
on her way home.
Woman Yfsittng the St. Louis Exposi
tion Is So Shocked That Ill
ness Results.
FAINTS AV THE SIGHT
OF NAKED YGORROTE9
WASHINGTON. Aug. 26.— John Bur
ley, a negro, was hanged, here to-day
for an attack upon a four-year-old
negro girl, committed in July, 1903. It
was the nrst time the death penalty
had been Inflicted in the District of
Columbia for this offense. An appeal
to President Roosevelt recently for
clemency resulted not only in a re
fusal, but, coupled .with it, a scathing
arraignment of the prisoner and tha
crime for which he was convicted.
John Burley Dies on Scaffold for
Crime Committed In July of
Last Year.
NOOSE OF HANGMAN ENDS
LIFE OF NEGRO FIENO
TACOMA. Aug. 26.— At the Hoqulam
shipyard Saturday the keel for a steam
er to be built fo»r H. H. Richardson of
Redondo, Cal.. will be laid. The new
steamer will be 85 feet long, 27 feet
beam and 9% feet depth of hold/ She
is intended for towing and will be
fitted with powerful engines. The con
tract calls for the completion of the
vessel on November 15 of this year.
The handsome steamer Helen P.
Drew, now under construction at the
shipyard, is nearly ready for its first
plunge. Machinists from the Fulfon
Iron Works of San Francisco arrived
to-day to commence the work of put
ting in the shafting. The Helen P.Drew
is being built for the L. E. White Lum
ber Company of San Francisco. The
builders expect it} have her ready for
launching about September 8.
Keel to Be Laid for New Vessel and
One Is About Ready for
Launching.
TACOMA SHIPYARD BUSY
ON - SHIPS FOR CALIFORNIA
BERLIN, Aug. 26.— Prince Adelbert
of Prussia, who spent eighteen months
on the China seas as sublieutenant on
board the cruiser Hertha, Is on his way
to the United States, via a Pacific port,
on board a Japanese passenger steam
ship. It Is not known at what port he
will land.
Prince Adelbert Is still a lad, being
Just 20 years old, but he is destined to
become lord high admiral of the im
perial German navy. H« is a nephew
of Prince Henry, who visited the Uni
ted States two years ago as special en
voy from Emperor William, bearing
gifts to the Harvard Germanic Mu
seum.
Adelbert of Prussia Soon to Arrive
nt One of the Ports on
This Coast.
PRINCE IS PASSENGER
ON A PACIFIC LINER
Eda Newman to Larkln M. Haycraft. lot on
S line of Greenwich street. 100 E of Polk E
26:6 by S J37:6; $10.
Francois and Hannah Marx, William E. and
Amelia Shepmsn, William 6. and Vandelia
Hind to Katherlne K. Walsh, Marie J. Gagan
and Clara G. Maddox, commencing 14:0Vi N of
Union street and 24:5& E of Franklin, N
72:6%, W 0:1%. S 72:6% to beginning; $10.
I Elizabeth Koopman to Mary F. Koopman
lot on S line of Austin street, 70 W of Frank
lin. W 25 by S 59:4VC; gift
City and County of San Francisco to Henry
Edward and Joo'a Shields, lot on W line of
OouKh street. (!0 S of McAllister, 8 77:6 by \V •
27:«; $ . ...
Cooper Medical College to Ludwlg M. Hoeflor
undivided half of lot on S line of Washington
street. 137:6 W of Buchanan. W 87:6 by S
Charles X. and Elizabeth S. Elllnwo^d to
vame. all came; $10.
Ludwlg M. and Emma M. Hoefler to Frank
E. Bishop, lot on S line of Washington ntreet,
105 W of Buchanan. W 32:6 by S 127-8H
grant. ' '
F;ank E. Bishop to Josephine H. Bishop all
same: gift.
Ludwlg M. and Emma M. Hoefler to Frank
E. Bishop, let on S line of Washington street
187.:6 W of Buchanan, W 87:0 by S 127:8Vi'
grarit. .
Catherine M. and Thomas Mo! toy to John J.
Piper, lot on E line of Flllmoro straet. 164 :fl
N of Hayes, N 25 by E 100; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to J
Stewart Falrweather, lot on W line of Stelner
ftreet. 188:1 S of Oak, X C6:l, W 110, S 21:3
BE 119:11; $ .
Bettle G. Stockwell to Thomaslne E. Flles»
ner, lot on E line of Baker street, &7:ft<-i 8 of
Clay. S 40 by E 137:6: $10.
William F. Soule to Peter Crlchton, lot on S
line of Pacific etreet, 55 E of Baker, E 55 by
ti H7:8>4; $10.
Theodore F. and Frederick M. Veyhle to
James J. and Annie E. Cummlngs, lot on S line
of Pine etreet. 137:0 W of Lyon, W 60 by S
] James and Jane M. Reavey to Charles H.
Beardsley. lot on W line of Tremont street. 4«0
17 *f Frederick, S 25 by W SOj $10.
Henry Esberg to Matilda Esbergr. lot on E
lln« of Mission street, 93 N of Eighteenth
N 23 by E 100; also lot on E line of Mission
street. 116 N of Eighteenth. N 0.3>4 by E
Realty Improvement Company to Margaret
M. Jones, lot 3. Lyon and H crag's subdivision
Mission Block 120; $10.
George W. and Sophronla T. Hooper to
Josephine M. Clap, lot on NE corner of Twen
ty-sixth and Fair Oaks streets, N 65 by E
125; gift.
John H. Saunders to Grace M. Young (wife
of F. J.), lot on S line of Sacramento street.
130:11 W of Kearny, W 23 by S 137:6; $10.
Francis J. and Grace M. Young to Margaret
Lynch, undivided 1-3 of lot on S line of Sac
ramento street. 130:11 W of Kearny. W 23 by
S 137:6; ?10. 7
G. T. and Anna Knopf to John and Anna
Krausgrill. lot on N line of North Point street
45:10 W of Leavenworth, W 22:11; N 67:10!
NE 29:10. S 87; $10.
Ell D. Dayton et al. to Catherine Kerrigan,
lot on SE line of Folsom street. 1B0 SW of
Eighth, SW 25 by SE 90; $10.
Bay District Land Company to Jacob
Schmidt, lot on E line of Third avenue 125
S of A street, S 25 by E 120; $10.
Estate Isaac L. Coblentz (minor, by Simon
Lo.vy, guardian) to Myrtil Blum, undivided
1-3 of lot on SE corner of Thirty-fourth ave
nue and C street, S 600 by E 120; $10.
Leontine. Simon and Myrtil Blum to Albert
E. Blum, lot on SE corner of Thirty-fourth
avenue and C street. S 600 by E 120; $10.
Albert E. and Rachel Blum to Melanle Levy,
same; $10. ,
Lucius L. and Helen F. Solomons to J. W.
Wright & Sons Investment Company, lot on
W line of Thlrty-eleghth avenue. 150 S of C
street, 3 50 by W 120; $10.
Virginia D. and Roberta -E. L. Heath to
-Sarah R. Heath, lot on W line of Forty-fourth
avenue. 125 S of I street, S 25 by W 120; gift.
Sarah R. Heath to Virginia X>. and Roberta
E. L. Heath, same; gift..
J. . W. Wright & Sons Inveatment Com
pany to Jean P. Lacaze,' lot on W line of
Twenty- fourth avenue. 200 S of Q street S
25 by W 120; flO.
Anna and Andrew Taft to Jacob Heyman
Company. lot on E line of Forty-eighth avenue,
150 of Q street. N 125. E 120, N 150. E 120,
S 300. W 120. N 25. W 120: also lot on WMtne
of Forty-sixth avenue, 100 S of T street, S
225 by W 120; $10.
G. B. and P. Carrl* Gilman to Hermann
and Annie Schreen, lot 29, block G, French and
Gilman Tract; $10.
Anna D. Jooat to Henry and Mary Koater,
lot on SW line of Eighth avenue, ISO NW of
L street. NW 30 by SW 100, block 165, Cen
tral Park Homestead Association: $10.
George P. and Laura E. Wilson- to .John
and Addle Clang. lot 30, block 10, Sunnyslde*
$10. ¦ \
Ellla Toncovich to Luc Beaudln, lot on E
corner of Dwight and Amherst streets NE 120
by SE 100. lot 8,' block 77, University Home
stead; $.10.
Same to same, lot on TV corner DwJght and
Princeton streets, S W ': 120 ' by NW 100. lot 4,
block. 78, same: $10... ..
, Same to same, lot on E corner of Burrows
and Madison streets, SE 200 by NE : 120 lota
T and 8. block 154. University Extension: $10.
California Guarantee Investment Company
to John B. Hafele, lota 25 to 28. subdivision
A of block 19, West End map 2; $10.
William G. Walton tb .William H. and Mary
J. Stark, lot on NW corner of Amazon and
Edinburgh streets, N 165:9. -W 100, 8 175:6 E
100:3, lot 8, block 41. Excelsior Hosaeftead; flO. '
FRIDAY. AUGUST 26.
ltEATi E '• ; . TRANSACTIONS.
100 Home Oil I 85
2000 Independence Oil «>
Street—
¦ ¦ Afternoon Session.
• ' Board —
200 Caribou * M
1000 Independence Oil **
100 Twenty-eight Oil • °°,
100 West Shore Oil 2 10
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Sesjlon. '
200 Best & Belch.l 00 300 Mexican .90
.100 Challenge Con 25 100 Mexican 91
100 Chollar 16 100 Ophir 2 55
200 Gould & Cur. 25 100 Yellow Jacket 21
Afternoon Session.
100 Gould "& Cur. 241 200 Union Con .. 40
300 Mexican 91 1 100 Yellow Jacket 21
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
S00 Alpha 181 200 Hale & Norc. 60
100 Belcher 26| 100 Mexican 91
2100 Best & Belch.l 001 200 Ophir 2 55
200 Best & Belch.l 05| 300 Overman 24
100 Con C & V.I 17ifc £00 Sierra Nev .. 25
300 Gould & Cur. 26 600 Union Con .. 40
200 Gould & Cur. 251
Afternoon Session.
100 Best & B..1 02% 100 Savage 22
100 Ophir .......2 55 1000 Union Con .. 40
100 Ophir 2 52%
TOXOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
¦SOOGoldfleW 801 1100 Red Top .... 20
700 MacXamara . 4l| 50 Red Top 22
•J50 McaXamara . 421 4(J0O Rescue 10
DM) MacXamara . 4:{|2000 Ton Gold M. 18
3t>0 Mont Ton. 2 SS'i fiOO Ton Gold M. la
' 20)0 Paymaster .. 05 "00 Ton Midway.. 41
7950 Red Top . . 21 IK'O Ton Midway.. 40
Afternoon Session. , ¦
3000 Esperanza ... 03| 3500 N Y Ton 04
j 100 Goldfield »0i 200 Rescue 10
100 Goldfield 881 500 Red Top 20
600 Goldfield .... 87 1 2500 Red Top'.... 19
500 Coldfield Ton. 12 C3U0 Red Top 18
200 Kennedy 5 50 100 Red Top*.... 17
500 Mont Ton ..2 35 200 Ton Belmont.. 60
600 Mont Ton.. 2 32% 200 Ton Midway.. 41
800 Mont Ton . .2 30
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY. Aug. 26 — 3 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha 16 18 Justice 12 13
Alta 12 14 Kentuck ..... — C2
Andes 20 22 Keyes Graes.. — 75
Belcher 24 25 Lady Wash . , 04 06
Best & Belch.l 00 1 r.5| Mexican 90 91
Bullion 31 321 Occidental ... 75 SB
Caledonia ... 65 67 Ophir 2 50 2 S5
Challenge Con 22 23iQ\crman 22 24
Chollar 15 KilFotesi 10 17
Cor.fliicnce ... 65 75|Sc«tpion OS 00
Con C & Va.l 15 1 20lsavasre 21 23
Con Imperial. (12 a"?! Rep Belcher .. 12 1.1
Con X Y 01 02 Plerra Nev .. 23 24
Ctown Point. 17 18 Silver Hill .. 54 05
Tast Sierra N 03 n6!fc!t I.ouls 10 —
Eureka Con.. — 50' SvntVcate .... 02
Exchequer .. 74 75| Union Con ..40 41
Culd fo Cur. 24 S.iiU'nh 00 11
Hale &¦ Xorc. fl2 65 Y-lltw Jacket 20 . 22
Julia 09 10
TOXOPAH MIXES.
Bld.Ask.l ¦ Bid. Ask.
Adams Gold.. OS (OiQulncv 11 ¦
Colehan -r- nj| K a y Kxten .. — rn
ro'.umbia 19 22| Ray & O'Brien — 08
Esprranza .. . — 'nS'Ray Tonopah.. — 10
Kula Con ... 30! Red Top 17 18
f!o!d Anchor. 22 271 Rescue 00 10
Ooldfield B... — 171 Ton Belmnnt.. 59 62
Onldflpld Xev *6 —I Top & Cal.. 1B
Goldfleld M.. 20 23' Ton Exten ..1 10 _
Gold M Con, 01 0?|Ton Fraction. 25 —
Jim Butler .. M 69| Ton &- G W.. 02
Little Ton .. 35 541 Ton Gold M. 1R 20
Lucky Tom.. OS — I Ton Midway.. 40 4"
MacXamara . 40 41 1 Ton of Nev. 7 S7U 8 00
Mfzpah Ex .. — 301 Ton N Star.. 22
Mont Ton.. 2 30 2 32V. | Ton *• Sa!t L 50 —
X Y Ton 03 - OR! United Ton . . '— ! Ofl
Paymaster .. — 05! West End ... — is
Pine Grove... 25 — t
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 27, 1904.
Continued From Page Fifteen.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
14
2XSBXO FABK BEAIi ESTATE.
' CP0 PER acre — Two S-acre and one 4-acr«
tract, back of Fair Oaks; water and good
roads: la#t of this property left; *i cash.
Menlo Park — A fine country borne, with
tpleadid garden and magnificent trees; well
* built, ol2-fashloned house In good condition;
tor eaJe ••* a bargain; 15 acres, all improved.
Fair Oaks— Land In best part of this dis-
trict; well sheltered and wooded; In tracts cf
from 4 to 25 acres; rpecial terms to tnos*
k>ulld!nir Immediately.
SELBY. RODGERS * CO..
Telephone Main 673. 116 California st.
SEAL SSTATTE TO EZCHAJrOB.
REALTY EXCHAXGE COMPANY.
F. A. BARK. MANAGER.
BUITE SOT-SOS CALL BUILDINO. .
It la frequently the case that a party wishes
to sell his holdings for the purpose of reinvest-
ing the proceeds in a different kind of property.
Our Ions- experience in this business enables
u» to often accomplish this double purpose by
only one transaction. The only condition w»
make Is that your property. If you wish us to
dispose of it for you. MUST BE GOOD OF ITS
KIND AND IN A GOOD LOCATION. Don't
take up either our time or your own with
worthless offerinrs. or property so heavily
mortgaged as to leave no actual equity.
If it ban merit, whether you own real estate
or a mercantile cr manufacturing business,
bring a description of Fam« to our office, stat-
ing what kind of property you prefer in ex-
change and you will b« surprised how quickly
¦w» can effect the result.
THIS IS SIMPLY BECAUSE WE LNDER-
FTAND THK EXCHANGE BUSINESS and are
xhr only company In San Francisco making a
*p»'-ia!ty cf same. We make no charge for ad-
verlislng cr any other purpose unless we pro-
rure kh fxchance satisfactory to you to ac-
<-e T t. .
FOR sale or rxchans* for improved San Fran-
cjsco property— 1 <50 acres cf vineyard land;
S miles of Glen Ellen. Sonoma Co.; 10 acres
bearing vineyard; 80 pasture: 30 under culti- j
vation. hay. «tc. : 60 acres timber land, red-
wood pine and oak; plenty of living springs;
fine 'county road; rood 6-rocm house; 2
hams: 2 cabins; chicken-houses; 3 work
horses, wairons and ail nec-ssary tools; title
perfect. Fcr more particulars call at 20
Lafayette et.. bet. 11 end 12. bet. Mission
ar<5 Howard sts., San Francisco. Cal.
60 ACRES. Shasta County; 160. Kings County,
to exchange. Realty Co., Chronicle bldg.
ROOKS rOW HOUSE JCEEPI2TO.
CALXFORNIaT 1204 — Sunny front bay-window
room and kitchen; reasonable; no children.
__ nm
CLAY. IBJ6 — Furnished housekeeping rooms.
EDDY. 604 — Corner bay-window suite and
kitchen for housekeeping. .
KDDT. 617 — Furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing: nice location; reasonable.
FOLFOM.646 — Large sunny housekeplng room;
everything complete; rent $10.
HAIGHT, 3— Ltrpe sunny front room facing
Market St.; kitchen and gas range.
HAIGHT, 224 — 3 furnished housekeeping rooms
with bath: euitabie fcr 2 or 3 adults.
HOWARD, 737H — Manila — Nice pleasant fur-
n!Fhc<5 rooms; reasonable.
vTEFSIE. 3SG — Sunny room furnished for house-
keeping; ca* range; 6it;k; $2 75 week.
K KN1LWORTJI. cor. Burn and Powell— Three-
room sunny tipariments; steam heat;oen. loc j
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pint — j
Sunny, furnished S-room suites; steam heat-
ed, electric lighted; free baths; rate* reas. I
I.ARKIN, M9 : j— Large, sonny, furnished room I
for light housekeeping; gas stove; $12 month, j
LIBRARY fclog.. Van New and Golden Gale
jv,a — Suites and sunny unfur. rooms: r««.
iJIXNA 435 — Furnished housekeeping rooms to.!
Ul - ' • i
MINNA. 54 S — Furnished rooms complete for
housokeering. I
15IESION. 1150 — Nicely furnished front room; j
no objection to light housekeeping: $$. j
NATOMA. C15— Large housekeeping room, j
completely furnished. '
OTARRELL. 1295 — Nicely furnished sunny i
front heusi-keepir.g *uitc ; also single.
ONE large front sunny room, furnished com-
pute for housekeeping: rent $2 per week.
Apply shoe ttore. 5U3 Mission Ft. ;
PKARL, 3, corner Market — 2 furnished houpe-
keeptss rooms, fu. fl3; no children: phone.
HTDE. 214 — 3 sunny housekeeping rooms to
let.
NICE Iicuwki-eplng rocrr.s to let; a!I locations.
Phone Clay 9*.*G.
OAK. 117. C2S McAllister — Rooms, complete;
S3 to r l'2: pas ra_n_-». hot bath: adults.
OCTAVIA. 4P7 — Two furnished rooms; $16;
adults.
O'FAHRELL, I81C — 3 nk-ely furnished rooms j
complete for housekeeping.
FACHAMENTO. 1514—3 nicely fura. sunny j
rourr.s; tight houFekt-tpinc if desired.
SECOND. 149 — Centrally loeati d rooms for!
housekeeping; cheep to permanent parties.
FTOCKTON 703 — Hcusekeepirg rooms to let. i
. _ j
TAYLOR. 240 — Housekeeping room to rent. i
TAYLOR. 242 — FumlJhed room to let. i
THE vu-E-iriia. 1005 Powell— Furnished or un- i
furnished tajr-wiadow suites; <-cm:>lete fur j
houfkreping: _&s rar;£e: aiso single.
THIRTEENTH. 15] — Two unfurnished bsck !
rooms; housekeeping: .SS.
VALENCIA. S10 — Three furnished rooms to j
<et tor hoUE^kpepir.c i
VAN NESS ave.. 232— Furnished housekeeping '*
suite*; $12. flG; .-djlts.
VAN NESS ave.. 706 — Nice Inrge room; run-
nlng water. £:? ranee, folding bed; 514.
ADVERTISEMENTS, r ufcj^riptions receiVed~at I
Call tVanch otrico, cor. Duncan <t Church na. i
A BRANCH office for The Call for the recep- !
tlcn of advertisements »nd subscriptions has I
been opened at 1ch»s Market st.. opposite
Fifth. O»f-n until 11 r. m.
AJ»AJETMXHT KOUS223. j
ST. LOUIS, 1575~Tjackson st.— Modern
roorr.s; furn. or unfur.; refs. Tel. East l"50.
EOOirs TO let — Fun. and. TXnf urn.
A— WOLF HOUSE, S. W. cor. Sixth and I
Howard— Modern apartm-nts. single roome. I
etc.. frcm 25c lo $1; rates by tbe week or
month.
A— BRUNSWICK Houe«, 148 Sixth rt.-Roonis j
-ic to Jl per night, 51 25 to J5 per week and
housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT 'The Almcr.te," 873 Market *t. for No 1
Fifth st.)— Roome, 25c, 60c, $1. $1 50 night;
II 10 to tlO week; house cpen all night.
BELMOND House, over Owl drug *>tcre n en-
trances. 1120 ilarket and 21 Turk— EJectrlo
• ights; running water In every room- 200
room*: 25c to 50c per night; SI 25 to $3 we«k.
BROADWAY. 1S43. OaklenC— Furnished rooms
to Jtt-
BL'SK. 502 — Rooms; single; double; cheap-
central.
BUSH, 1255— Rooms In private family, ulngle
or fcr two; reasonable.
CHELSEA. 6. off Bush, near 'Powell — Cozy
CLTNTON PARK. 272— Furnished front room
new furniture. $5 per month.
CRAGBURN (The), 1007 Larkln Zor Post
Sunny, nicely furrisbefi room«; single. Vn
suite. housekeeping apartments. running
water, baths; rates reasonable.
EDDY. 432— Fine furr.ished rooms; modern; all
conveniences; reasonable; nice location.
EDDY. e:9— Nicely furnished single frolt
room; large closet; rent $7. *V
ELKVJ-.NTH. 128 — Furnished rooms to let.
ELLIS, 1226— Frreished room.
FOLSOM. 1209— Frralf hed rooms.
FRANKLIN. 721. near G. G. ave.— Sunny fur-
r.Uhed front rooms, suitable for two. $10.
FURNIFHKD rooms to let; ail locations. Phone
Ciay 09C.
COUGH. 015 — A front sunny bay-window
room; crate, caj, bath; reasonable.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission— Rooms 35c
to $1 25 night; <1 60 to $6wk.; readlng-rm.
GROVE. 20S — Newly furnished rooms to rent. '
HAIGHT. 218 — Nicely furnished rooms; »unny
all conveniences.
HATGHT. 60 — Sonny room.
HAIGHT, 987 — Two aewly furnished rooms;
bath and caa.
HARRISON. 784 M. near Fourth— Finely fur-
nfcsbed eanny rooms; bath; homelike; $1
week ct>.
EOWAJtD, 668 — Sunny front room lor two;
|2 per week.
BOOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Uafurn.
HOWARD. 614— Rooms to let.
HOWARD. 715 — Large sunny rooms at low
rat eg; 25c to $1 day and $1 25 to <5 week.
HYDE, 623 — Sunny rooms to let.
JESSIE, 363, east U. S. . Mint— Small rooms
$5 and large rooms $8 per month.
JESSIE, 308 — Rooms to' let.
JONES, 917 — A sunny newly furnished room;
phone Larkin 4125.
LEAVENWORTH, 1706. near Broadway— Fine
largo sunny front room, suitable for two
gentlemen.
LILY are., 418 — Nlos front room to let.
MARKET, 1049 (The Falmouth) — Sunny rooms,
hot, cold water, elevator;windows for parade.
MARKET. 1130— Furnished rooms.
MISSION, 1013, near .Sixth— Small front room
for gentleman; $5 per month.
MISSION. 1551—3 sunny rooms to let at $8
and $8 per month.
O'FARRELL, 1424 — Two sunny, unfurnished.
connecting front rooms.
POST. 217— Nicely furnished rooms, with all
convenience^ central.
POST, 928— Furnished rooms, with modern con-
venienceB; reasonable.
SACRAMENTO. 1613 — Newly furnished rooms;
private family; bath, gas; gentlemen only.
SIXTH. 224 — Nice furnished rooms for house-
keeping; reasonable; private family.
$8— SUNNY back parlor, suitable for 2; no
Bign. 1039 Minna st, between Eleventh and
Twelfth.
SUTTER. 1105 — Furnished front bay-window
con. rmt.; closet; run. water; 1st floor;cheap.
THE LARCHMONT, 361 Sutter— New brick
building, finely furnished; modern; central;
rates reasonable.
THIRD. 308 (The Mayflower)— Pleasant sunny
furnished rooms; central; reasonable.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market — 400
rooms. 35c to $1 night, .$1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water in every
room; elevator, read. -room: free bus; baggage.
VAN NESS ave., 87— Single, furnished front
room to let; $1 75 per week.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 3d St.. near Market— j
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms; I
3C>c to SI 50 night; $2 to $S week; elevator;
elec. lights: reading-room: free bus; baggage.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch of fice.cor. Duncan and Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has beeu
opened at 100S Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. rn.
ROOMS AND BOAH.O.
BX'NNY, furnished room to let with or with-
out board; terms reasonable. Apply 1923
Green street.
j MINNA. 545^-Sunny room with board for gen-
tleman; reasonable
l . , .
NICE furnished room* with excellent French
i table board. 4S3 Ellis st.
i ROOM and board; private family; reasonable.
¦ 142S Jones st. '
FRANKLIN. 1109— Sunny suite and single
rooms; excellent board.
i Rr>OMS with board; all locations. Phone Clay
| . 996.
, EDDY. 112S. opp. Jefferson Park — Fine fum.
sunny rcrrns; table board; reas. ; new manag.
! HOWARD, S41 A— First-class board and room,
sinple cr double. $5-$(i wk.; American family.
Stevenson Mansion, opp. Grace Church annex,
S07 California — See rooms. learn prices, try table.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cent? — The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. SI per year.
B00M^EB2rri»O AGENCY.
HAVE >o*: any rooms to let? If ycu have and I
want tl.. .n rented quick telephone to Clay f.96. j
___TTPEWRiTiiI6S AITO^SUPPLIEB^^ j
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, No. 1
Smith Premier, $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50. The
Typewriter Exchanze. K6 California st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec. Co.. 508 Market.
LEGAL NOTICES.
NOTICE to the public — I have bought the res-
taurant business of Martin Bacha at 130 i
Sixth St.. and will not be responsible for !
any till against Martin Bacha after Satur-
day. August 27, 1914. JACOB. J. MEDA.
NOTICE is given that the saloon at 511 Wash-
ington -ft., ?an Francisco, has been sold at j
•his date and all claim? must be presented |
on or about Tuesday, August 30. CAPTAIN
l. BAGLiirrro.
STUTTERING AHD STAMMEBUTO.
AT Melbourne Institute. Van Ness and Market,
is tiiu^h*. celebrated Melbourne eystem; only
M'lbourre In I*. S. : private; established 3
jears in S. l-\ Tel. Mint 2626 from 1 to 5 pm.
31AK1UAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses wen Issued
yeMerday:
O-.to M. Weiss 21. 20 Falrmount street, and
Christine S. N^uhaus 20. iaV! Market street.
Sllverio V. Pachoo, 26, 05 Jackson street, I
and Maria L. des Santos. 24, Co Jackson street. I
Samuel Riga. 21. 107 Clementina street and
Flora Staxk. IS, 1 10:: McAllister street.
E Frederick Volkmann 23, 3434 Twenty-
second street, and Lilian' J. Brunt, 20, 4032
Eighteenth street.
Giovanni Pasto'rino. 30. 1242 Pacific street,
and Luvigia German! 21, 514 Green street.
Ludwig Desenbrrg. 21. HZi O'Farrell street,
and Ida Cohen, IS. 20S Polk street.
John Mohr, 27. 154'J Guerrero' street and
Lottie Honigmann. 22. 1327 Pacific street.
Bernard J. Hemmlnga. 25. 6-7 Guerrero
street, and Flora Myers, 18. 2G03 Bryant street
Itus? Okubo. 2!>. 404 Post street, and Waka
I^eri, 20. 404 Pott street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES — DEATHS.
Birth, marriajre and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and b*
indorsed with the narao and residence of per-
sons authorized to have tbe came published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are publlshed^cnce In this colucn
free of charze.
BORN*.
FLINT— In this city. August 24. 1904, to th«
wife of Edward B. Flint, a daughter.
£CHOENHOLZ— In this city. August 20, 1904,
to the wife of M. Schoenholz. a son.
MARRIED.
EELCHER— LESSER— In this city. August 25,
1904. by the Rev. G. A. Bernthal. Harold
Belcher of San Francisco and Minnie Lesser
of Oakland.
JABLONSKI— WAGENER— In this city. Aug-
ust 25. 1901. by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder.
Albert Jablonskl and Henriette Wagener.
DIED. ~~' ~
Karblco. Etripo Macbeth. David N.
Brandensteln, Jane Moran, Louis
Bremer. Emye C. Mott. Robert P.
Cavagnaro Fiorenzo Phelan, Ceclle
Collins. Willis J. ¦ Ponton de Arce,E1od1»
Cottle. Hugh P. Riley. Ellen
Curley, Patrick Echnlder, Jacob
Dapelo. Hazel L. . Schultze. Rudolph W.
Flar.nsgan. Ellen Slavin. Sadie
French, John G. Korlch. Annl«
Gerstmayr. Bertha Stahl, Paul J.
Greenwell, Harry St. Arr.ant. Helen
Hen-, Aurora Sullivan, Michael J.
Koopman. Elisabeth Turner, Edward M.
Langlitz. Henry Whelden. John
McNaughton. Evelyn
BARBICO— In this city. August 26. 1904,
Etripo, beloved son of Pavo. and Ftane Bar-
blco, and brother of Kate and Marks Bar-
blco. a native of Austria, aged 5 years 3
months and 24 days.
BRANDENSTEIN— In this city. August 28,
1904, Jane, dearly beloved wife of Joseph
Brandensteln. and mother of Max. J., Al-
fred J.. Manfred. Henry U.. Edward and
Charles Brandensteln, Mrs. Flora . Jaeobi,
Mrs. Edith Jaeobi, Mrs. Tillie Greenebaum
and Mrs. Agnes Sllverberg. a native of Bor-
gentrelch. Germany, aged 67 years and 8
months.
(T7FrIends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Sunday), at 9:30 a. m., at her
late residence, 1901 California street. Inter-
' ment Home of Peace Cemetery by special
train, leaving Third and Townsend streets
at 11 a. m. Please omit flowers.
BREMER— In Alameda. August 25. 1904. Emyt
Charlotte, dearly beloved daughter of Sophie
and the late Herman Bremer. and sister of
Reuben Bremer, a native of Alameda. aged
23 years and 28 days.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral aenrloea
Saturday, August 27. at 2 p. m. at her late
residence. 1056 San Antonio avenue. Inter-
ment Mountain View Cemetery.
CAVAGNARO— In Genoa, Italy. July 2L 1804.
Fiorenzo Cavagnaro. beloved husband of
MadcUnA Cavagnaxo. testier ol Chris Una -Ad
Florer.zlna Cavagnaro and brother of Carlo
M. Cavagnaro. a native of Italy, aged 60
year- 2 months and IS days.
C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday. August 28. at 1 p. m., under the
auspices of Speranza Italian Lodge No. 219,
F. and A. M., at King Solomon's Hall, Ma-
sonic Temple, corner of Post and Mont-
gomery streets.
COLLINS— In the City and County Hospital,
August 25. 1901', Willis J. Collins, a native
of Alabama, aged 37 years.
COTTLE— In this city, August 26. 1904. Hugh
P., husband of Mary Cottle. son of John E.
Cottle. and brother of James Thomas. Mary
and tho Rev. Father Cottle a native of New
York, aged 46 years.
C7Fiiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 9:30 a. m., from the residence
of his brother. James Cottle. 1520 Pacific
avenue, thence to St. Brlgld's Church,
where \a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul at 10 a. m.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CURLEY-In this city, August 25. 1904. at
the residence. 432 Jersey street. Patrick, be-
loved husband of Mary Curley. and father
of Sadie Curley, a native of Ireland, aged
44 yeare.
Division No. 17, A. O. H. In A. — The mem-
bers of Division No. 17, A. O .H. In A., ars-
requested to attend the funeral of our late
brother, Patrick J. •Curley. from his late
residence. 432 Jersey street, on Sunday. Aug.
list 28. at 9 a. m. By order
P. B. MAHONEY. Pres.
EDWARD POWERS, Sec.
DAPELO— In this city. August 25. 1904. Hazel
L., beloved daughter of Joseph and Martha
Dapelo, and grandchild of Mr. and Mrs. L,
Dapelo and Mr. and Mrs. Tlmms. a native
of San Francisco aged 2 years 3 months and
I 1 day.
LJ~ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10:30 a m.. from the residence
of the parents, USB Convene street. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FLANNAGAN— In this city, August 25. 1004.
Ellen, beloved wife of John Flannagan,
daughter of Ellen and the late Thomas Con-
nors, sister of Timothy. Norah, Annie. Katie
and Julia Connors, Mrs. Daniel McSweeney
and Mrs. Thomas Welch, and niece of Mrs.
T. McSweeney. a native of Steelton, Pa.,
aged 18 years and 8 months.
C7"Frienis and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 0:45 a. m., from her late resi-
dence. 150« Army 6treet, thence to St.
Teresa"s Church for services at 10:10 a. m.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
Pride of the Forest Circle No. 204, C. O.
F. of A. — Members are earnestly requested
to attend the funeral of our late companion,
Mrs. E. Flannagan, from her mother's resi-
dence, corner of Army street and Pennsyl-
vania avenue, to-morrow (Sunday).
MISS J. PATTISON.. Chief Comp.
MISS L. HURLEY. Secretary. I
j FRENCH — In this city. August '-(i, 1904. John
Gessner. dearly beloved eon of Joseph and
Frances Ann French, a native of Minnesota,
aged li years and (j days. i
E5"Friend?= and acquaintances are respect- I
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday, August 28. 1904, at 1 :30 p m. at j
the residence of his parents. 1000 Capp street
corner of Twenty-fifth. Interment Cypress i
Lawn Cemetery by electric funfral car. I
GERSTMAYR— In this city August 26 1004 i
• Bertha, beloved wife of the late Albert !
Gerstmayr. and devoted mother of Mrs. R. |
Oeh'.man, a native of Germany, aged 77 years I
7 months and "2 days. !
E7"Remalns at the parlors of H. F. Suhr |
&. Co.. 1137 Mission street, between Sevt-nth i
and Eight!), until S a. m. on Sunday, August I
; 28. 19(>4. Interment Oak Hill Cemetery, San
Jose.
GREENWELL — In Alameda August 25 1904 I
at his residence, 701 Webster street, Harry ;
S.. beloved son of John and Annie Green"- |
well, and brother of Frank, Alma, James,
.Grant. Fred and the late Adelaide and John
Oreer.well, a native of Amador County Cal.
aged 2:: years 5 months and 15 days.
KyKriends and acquaintances are respect- :
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday. !
August 2S. at 12:45 p. m., from Christ's i
("hurch. Alameda. Cal., corner of Grand
ttreet and Fanta Clara avenue. Interment '
Mountain View Cemetery I
HEIIV— In this city, August 26. 1904, Aurora
Herv, a native of San Francisco, aged 45
years.
KOOPMAN— In this city August 25 1904. I
Elizabeth, beloved wife of the late ' Henry J
Koopman. and beloved mother of Frank, I
John. James and Mary Koopman Mrs J. j
Dolan and the late Thomas Koopman, a |
native of County Westmeath, Ireland aged
t>7 year6.
(L7"J-'ricnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Monday,
August 29. 1TM34. at 9 a. m.. from her late
residence. lo07U Franklin street, thence to
£t. Mary's Cathedral. Van Ness avenue,
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 a. m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
LANGLITZ— In this city, August 25 190J.
Henry, beloved son of Mary Langlitz and
the late John Langlltz. and" brother of Mrs.
H. It. Sehmuckert a native of Louisville,
aged 44 years 11 months and 23 days.
McNACGHTON— In San Rafael. August 25.
1904. Evelyn May McNaughton, beloved
daughter of Walter B. and Jessie Mc-
Naughton. and sister of Celia Ethel and
Annie McNaughton. a native of Canada aged
5 years and 0 months. (Baltimore and To-
ronto papers plpa.se copy.)
C3T Friends anf i acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend tho funeral Saturday.
August L'7. at 2:."0 p. m., from her late resi-
dence. 503 Irvin street. San Rafael. Inter-
ment Mount Tamalpals Cemetery.
MACBETH— In this city August 26. 1901,
David N.. husband of the late Amanda Mac-
beth, and father of Frank D. Macbeth and
Mrs W. I. Day, a native of Pennsylvania,
aged ,1 years 9 months and 5 days.
[CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2:30 p. m .. at the' chapel of
the I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
MORAN— In -this city, August 25 1904 Louis
Moran, a native of Massachusetts aged 56
years.
MOTT— In this city. August 26 1904. Robert
P.. beloved husband of Ella R. Mott and
father of Elmer C. and Robert P. Mott Jr
a native of New York, aged 55 years 3
months and 28 days.
PHELAN— In this city. August 28 1904 at
her residence. 11 Van Ness avenue, Ceclle
relict of the late Dr. G. J. Phelan (nee Du
Kest Blanchet), aged 75 years 9 months and
4 days.
(ETFuneral notice hereafter.
PONTON DE ARCE— In New Rochelle N Y
¦ August 20, 1901. Elodie. wife of the late
Lucas Ponton de Arce, and dearly beloved
mother of Stanley and Edgar Ponton de
Arce, Mrs. \ illafranca and Mrs. Echeverria.
RILKY— In this city. August 25. 1904, Ellen
Riley, a native of Ireland, aged 58 years
SCHNIDER— In this city. August 2G 1904.
Jacob Schnlder. a native of Pennsylvania, I
aged 85 years 2 months and 25 days
ETFrlends and acquaintances are 'respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Monday, August 29. 1904. at 2 p. m at
Pioneer Hall. Interment Mount Olivet Ce'me-
tery via electric car from Eighteenth and
Guerrero streets. Remains at the parlors
of the California Undertaking Company 405
Powell ftreet. near Post.
SCHULTZE— In South San Francisco August
24. 1904. Rudolph W., dearly beloved hus-
band of Eliza Schultze. father of Ethel and
Chester Schultze. eon of Eliza and the late
August Schultze, and brother of Mrs Al-
1 D * nlelson an d August H., William F.
and Albert W. Schultze, a native of San
Iranclsco, aged 35 years 9 months and 14
,/• £ m , e n mb 4 r of South San Francisco
Lodge No 212, F.- and A. M.; San Francisco
Chapter No. 4, R. A. M.. and Master Mar-
iners' Benevolent Association.
JCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday
August 28, at 1 p. m.. from his late resi-
dence. 1138 Fifth avenue South, thence to
Masonic Hall, corner of Fourteenth and
Railroad avenues. South San Francisco,
where services will be held under the aus-
pices of South San Francisco Lodge No. 212
F. and A. M., commencing at 1 130 p m'
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
SLAVIN— In this city. August 23 at tha
parents' residence. 1301 Broadway, of scarlet
fever. Sadie, dearly beloved daughter of P
E. and Margaret Slavin, a native of San
Francisco, aged 6 months and 24 days.
BORICH— In this city, August 26. 1901 Annie
beloved wife of Anton Sorich, and mother of
Mrs. William H. Taylor. Amy Hughes and
M. George Sorich.
• (ETInterment private.
STAHL— In this city. August 25. 1904, Paul
J., dearly beloved husband of Maud Stahl
son of William G. and Mary Stahl and
brother of William G. Jr., Edward and' Fred
Stahl and Mrs. Lillle Merriam, a nativV of
San Francisco aged 29 years and 9 months.
A member of Harmony Lodge No. 9 A O
U. W. ' ' • •
(CrFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-daV
(Saturday) at 1:30 p. m., from the parlora
of H. F. Suhr & Co 1137 Mission street!
between Seventh and Eighth. Interment
v Mount Olivet Cemetery by electric T funTra
v car from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets
ST. AMANT— In this city. August 26 1901
Helen. Infant daughter of W. L. and Eili
SULLIVAN — In this city August 26 1904
Michael J., dearly beloved son of John and
Julie Sullivan, and loving brother of Daniel
Dennis. Mary, John. Cornelius, Margaret
Nellie. Patrick and Julie Sullivan a native
of Bare Island. County Cork Ireland ««j
20 years 7 months and 26 days. " S
TURNER — In this city. August 26, 1904 vvi
ward Michael Turner, dearly beloved " and
only child of Edward P. and Marguerite
Turner, a native of San Francisco aged 10
months and 12 days. '. B .
WHELDEN— In this city, August 26 1904
John, beloved son of Edward F. and Maud
E. Whelden. a native of San Francisco aged'
3 months and 17 days. .-¦ ' ° scu
In order to reach the port of . New
York ' with a shipment of cotton in-
tfcnded for Liverpool, a freight train
on the New York Central recently cov-
ered a 435-mile run in sixteen hours
aoxd twenty, minutes. , - ' .
\\ Unman II L L \\ %jp //
"NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
AUGUST 28.
% " s * — * * — ?"~ * r - / ,\, »~.., -* t .^- v iiiinwMi^nrTtniiiiriiQiiiMiuiiMii]«MiMiiii_LLj-ij-Lii_i_i
'¦ ¦ ¦ t : - ¦ . . , . Ml
i ¦ ;. ' ' • - ' . .
\ • - - ' V; : ¦ ¦ - .- : - : :ac- ;
• \ • \ ; ' .
iBM >; %J k ¦ : &• ¦¦¦"•¦¦ : ¦ ¦ v:'.--.-/: ¦ ¦- ¦ ¦ : ¦". - : :'-S*. W0- ¦ ¦¦"¦.." A
¦¦¦ : .¦...•¦:¦..:...¦ ¦ ¦¦\-'": : r ¦. ¦¦¦.¦.¦¦,¦¦¦¦¦. - ¦ .. . : '-. ¦¦: ¦¦¦¦¦ ¦.¦ ¦ ¦: '..¦.. ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦-. . ..¦¦:¦¦ . ..,-.. /•::¦ <-{\.-..' -..,¦- : ¦ ,»J '
™ .; J) "f J :' ¦ ¦*¦' ¦ ""¦ ¦¦¦'¦ ¦¦¦¦' '-"—"^-•"¦i. — i".-:/a%»i*'«i*-*K.i..,«.^i~, —^^;->»..uw-w...... i ;...... ...... ........ ¦: . ¦¦***«;. .. : . : .....v,..: ¦:¦.:¦ :.. ..^.v.*^SL*.«. i ..-,.::- .. .Wfi'ii i.l
"CONSTANCE/' By D. S. W. Richtcr. i
The first subject selected could with difficulty be recognized by the
halftone above on account of the impossibility of showing the exquisite
coloring of the original by this process. .
Copies of this picture, which is to be given away next Sunday, are dis-
played in prominent places throughout the city. Don't fail to»see one. \
"Constance" represents a rare and delicate type of beauty. The calm, '
pure expression of her face is enlivened by the beautiful flesh tints and 1
strengthened by the bits of contrasting colors brought out by the arrange-
ment of the apple blossoms in her dark hair. ]
This study : s a most careful reproduction of Mr. Richter's celebrated i
original, and is regarded as one of the best of this famous artist's paint- j
- 4
_____ __ . • iI Chicago Board of Trade. |
Continued on Fa;e Fourteen.
I Corn opened fractionally under the previous
close, chiefly because cf the weakness of ca
bles. September opened unchanged to 4c up
at 524c to 53c. December was down ii©t,c
to at 51 Uc to SIVic. September touched
S3*ie and December 524c. The cloae was
flrm at 53 He and 51 %c for September and
December, respectively.
Oats In a general way followed the course
of the corn market, although trading was
without distinguishing feature and price
changes were within a very narrow range.
September started h%c to 4c lower at 32 \i c to
32%c. dipped to 32c. rallied to 32%c and closed
at 32% c. December opened unchanged to He
lower at 33 l ic to 334c. fluctuated between
33Hc and 53%633Tie, closing at 33Xc -
CHICAGO, Aug. 26. — Wheat was extremely
nervous throughout the session to-day. Sep
tember started 4c to 14c down at $1 024®
C*l 034. December waa »ie%c to 1M<&
1-V.c off at $1 04 to $1 044. The . weakness
was attributed largely to the non-appearance
of frosts in the Northwest and to heavy Ar
gentine shipments. A disposition to take prof
its vu shown by outsiders, who had bought
wheat under the dollar mark. Several of
the leading bulls, however, were . reported
to hava com« to the support of th» market.
The alleged operations resulted tn rather eager
plunge* to the buying side. The reversion of
feeling was helped by private advices, which.
If true. Indicated more emphatically that the
Manitoba crop will be considerably shorter
than that of last year. The Northwest bought
In this market on the strength of the short
age news. As a result frightened shorts began
to cover their lines. In a few minutes Sep
tember wheat advanced 1% to $1 0S*4 and
December 3c to $1 0C4. The trade seemingly
l« rapidly getting out of the nearer month, and
the deferred future received the ffreater atten
tion. Renewed profit taking resulted in a sud
den decline. Soon September was back to
$1 04*4 and December to $1 05%. At these
prices another bull wave overtook the market,
and the best prices of the day were recorded.
The strength attending the last reaction con
tinued until the close, final quotations being
at the top, $1 C5Ti for September and $1 07^4
for December.
Future Grain and Provisions.
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days — *4 88
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 88*4
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 b9%
New York Exchange, sight — 074
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 10
Silver, per ounce — 57
Mexican Dollars 45 Q 434
' INTERNATIONAL.
New York on Mexico 216ft
Berlin on London • ,...20. 43
Paris on London 25.28
IV heat and Other Grains. ¦'
WHEAT— Liverpool futures were higher.
The Paris Petit Journal says that the wheat
crop ia proving deceptive-, and although not
likely to be so deficient as some authorities
affirm will be largely, short of last year's
abundance; the excellent quality and the etoeks
of old wheat on hand, however, will probably
render France again practically independent
of foreign wheat.
Chicago declined from $1 W to $1 02T4 and
closed at |1 05%. The trade were bearish
and all bands were ! working to get prices
down, but wer« unsuccessful, owing to con
tinued bad reports from the Northwest.
The Chicago Inter Ocean says: "A lit
tle history on the wheat crop of the North
west Is not out of place at present, omnj
to the calamitous reports coming from there. ;
The Northwestern people In som« Instances
have the crop down to lOO.OCO.OOO bmhals.
The milling capacity' of the Northwest Is
about 15O.0C0.0OO bushels. In 1894. just ten
years ago, the thre* States only raised 86,
000,000 bushels. The average yield ->er acre
of the three Northwestern States waa from
12 to 15 bushels. The talk of smajl yields
this • year is no wore* than the threshing re
turns last year."
In thi3 market futures were quiet, but 14 c
higher, and the cash grain recovered the
ground lost several days ago.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club. $1 4001 474; California
White Australian, $1 55^1 60: Northern
Club. $1 40©l 474: Northern Blaestem, $1 624
©1 574 per ctl.
Session 0 to 11:30 a. ra. .
Open. Hteh. Low. Close.
December ..$1 50 $1 50« $1 50 $l 60*4
2 p. m. Session..
December — $1 SOU- • ' %'i
B\RLET — There was not much change yes
terday. Tradins was qwlet and the cash grain
remained as before, though futures were some
what higher.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed. $1 05©l CS*4; new Brewing -and Ship
ping. $1 124©1 174: Chevalier. $1 17^-01 30
P<reU -.. FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11 :30 a. tn.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 00 $1 094 fl CO n OOU
¦ 2 p. m. Session. '
December— $1 00 VI. . £
OATS — Quotations show ~no further, chang*
and the situation is as before stated. Choice
clean lots -for seed rule very- firm. - 1
White, nominal: Surprise; $1 S0@l 60; Red.
1 ¥1 27'i@l *0 tot feed and $1 40® 1 45 for seed:
FRIDAY. An*. 28—2 p. m.
UNITED ST.VTE3 BONDS.
Bid. Ask.' Bid. A*k
4s «jr coup.. 107 107% 4s <jr cp new.1.12 1324
4s qr reg... 107 107*,|3s qr coup. ..1C5»41C3%
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala AW Js. - — iOa'* T Co es-USSlia
Asso Oil 5*. 70 714 Do 5s — —
Bay CPC Is.101% — A Do cm 3s. — 1C3
Cal C G 5s. 102 1024. Oceanic 3 5s. — 73
Cal G A E g I Ota Cable 6a.l22 —
m ft ct 5s. — — 1 Pac G In 43. S» —
Cal-st C 5a.ll*4 — 1 P E Ry 5s. .10*H103"i
C^C Wat 5a. — 101 iP 4 C H «S.1O3 — .
EdL * P 6».122 — P <t O R 6*.1U —
F * C H «s.H5 — |Powell-« «s. — 11«
Geary-st 5a.. — 83 I Sac EG A R5s.. 99 4 100
II CA3 54s. — — SF * SJV3S.117T, —
Do Ss 100S — I Sierra R 6s.. 1094 —
Hon R T 6a.lO«5*,107 | s P of A 6s
L A Elec 5s. — — j (19C0) 107>4 —
L A Ky 5«. .1154 — I <1910) 10S4 —
LALCo6s— — : S P of C 6s ¦
Do gtd e*. — — ! naooisr a. 1034 —
Do gtd 5s. — 1034! <19C3)Sr B.1044 —
LAP lcra 5s.lO2 — i (lfKO 106'«i — -
Mkt-st C Cs.114 — I (1912) HC^im*
Do l«n 5S.1154118 | SPC 1 eg 5s.ll3\ —
MVft MtT3a.lO2 — I Do stampd.lO9t 3 ic3V4
NRR of C«s.lOH — S P B R es.13."*. —
• Do 5s IIS - |S V Wat 68.107 11*714
N P C R 5s. — 10541 Do 4s 2dm.l<v> ir.04
NCRySs..— 112 | Do 4s 3dm. 99 —
XCPC3i- 10O I Do» mtg4s 9**% —
N S R R 5s. — 1024! 5tkn GAE6«. 9-1 —
O G L*H 5». — - IUC4E 5S.1&5 —
0 W gtd 5*. — ICO I
WATER STOCKS.
Contra- Costa 374 *0 > Pert Costa... — —
Marin Co... — 60 Is V Wat Co. 37»4 —
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
C#nt L * P. .3*, 3T»!& F G & E. 61H 81*4
Mutual E L. 12 124; Stkn G A E. — 34
Pac L Co... 574 - IUO4ECH- —
INSURANCE.
Flrein's Fnd. — 340 |
BANK STOCK3.
Am Xtl Bk-1274 — L P * A — 153
Anglo-Cal .. S6»4 — Mer Trust... .2124 —
Bank of Cal. 420 43O 1 Mereh Ex.... 50 56ii
Cal Safe Dp. — 13O ! 3 F Nation^ — —
First Nationl — — |
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S * L.22SO 2350 I Sav A L So. . — 100
Hum SAL.— — See SaT Bk..3S0 4CO
Mutual Sar.lCO — Union T Co.. —
S F Sav U.6074 — I
STREET RAILROADS.
, California ..1934200 I Presidio .... — 41
Geary — 25 I
POWDER. «
Giant 60*4 61 I Vigorit I 9
SUGAR.
Hawaiian C. 56*4 SS | MakaweU C. 2«4 27
Honokaa S C 144 14H' Onoraea S a — 29'i
Hutch SPC S>?4 9»» Paauhau 3 C 14 T i 15
! Kllauea S C. — S4I
MISCELLANEOUS.
t Alaska P A.12241234! Oceanic S Co. — 4
Cal F C A. 97 98 | Pac Aux FA. 4U —
Cal Wine A. SO 82 1 Pac C Borx.1544 —
MV4 MtTra. 9« — j Pac S Tel Co.lOO 103
Morning Session.
B ard —
20 Alaska Packers' Association.. .123 CO
5 Cal Fruit Canr.ers' Assn 8S «0
60 Hawaiian Coml A Sugar &6 75
345 Honokaa 3 Co It 23
10 Makawell 2* 25
40 S F Gas A Electric ...:.. «1 5i>
$1,000 Bay Countie* Power Co 9s.... 102 CO
$5,000 S V Wat Co gen mtge 4s.... 3% 50
60 California Wlna Association... 80 00
Afternoon Session
r.-ard—
D Alaska Packers' Association.. 123 00
60 G'.ant Powder Con «O 73
2C5 Hutchlnson S P Co 0 75
80 Makawe-U 2« 5«
5O Pa.»uhau S P Co 15 00
10 Faclfle Coast Bcrax 155 CO
8».« S F Gas & Electric 61 25
60 Spring Valley Water Co 33 CO
$i.(->"« Oakland Transit Co <&» 113 7.1
Street —
10 California Wine Association. . . SO 00
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS!
Eld. Ask.! Bid A*"*.
Bay CPC Cs. — » ISPCRU- 1C«
B L Wat 6s. — 1174' S P Co 44s.l00»4 —
Cal NW 5s.. — 1124! Sun Tel 6s... — Hi
M C Wat 3I.10O — j Do 4s 104 —
Rts I Wks 5s — 1"3 1 Suttr-st R53.ir* — —
SF Drdk 5s — 11341 UR of SF O. 81% 83
8F & NP Ss.1104 — I
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
AU S Co... 26 30 I LonA SF Bk. — #>
Cal Cot Mils SO — ! Mat Nav Co. — 9O
Cal G&ECor. — 5O ) Nev Nat Bk.1974 —
C Jockey C1.112 — N S R R Co. 9*4 —
Cal Powder.. — 150 ! N Cal P Co. 94 9*i
Cat Ship Co. — 23 [Oak Blc Sar.120 —
Cal T I & T.115 — iOak T Con.. 73 — ¦
Cen Blc Oak — tS I IOOF Hall A 6 —
Chutes Co .. — 7H'Orpheuni Co.. — U»i
City A C Blc — 12O j PacC Cas Co.l3rt —
Cyp L Imp.. — CTsPac Sur Co. 105 —
East Dynm..25O — I Paraf Paint.. 3S —
DpntPwd pfd 75 80 ! S F Drydock 60 —
Do com . . — 50 I PF&SJ Coal. — 25
FX Bk Oak.120 - |S I Wat Cal"34 —
Fischer Thtr 40c 65c I SO A MTgbt.125 —
Frnch-A Bk.106 111 1 Swiss- A Bk.. 113 —
Gas Con A.. — 204! Truck Elect.. 11 —
Hono P Co.. 244 2S UR Ir.C pfd. W*4 —
Do pool .. — 3 I Do corn ... 134 13
Morning Session.
Board —
I3.C00 United R R of S F 4 per cent. 84 €2£
Afternocn Session.
Board —
60 United R R Inv Co pfd. s 60. . 53 23
50 United R R Inv Co pfd. s 60. . 33 374
California Stock and OilExchange
Oil Stock— B!<1. Asx«4.
Alma 1 00
Apollo — • <*
Associated Trust Certificate*. 19 20
Artec M
California Standard IS '
Caribou 4 SO 5 CO
Chicago Crude 13 IS
C.'aremon; 83 J*>
Fischer's Theater 50 79
lour • 81
Fulton ¦ 123
Hanford 1W! 00
•'Horn* 130 137
1 Illinois Crude 63
! Imperial 13 CO
I Independence 29 . 3>>
Kern SCO \ ....
i Kern RiT«r 12 CO
I McKittriclc 15
1 Monte Cristo 39 ....
' Monarch of Arizona. 20 ....
: Monarch (Pool) .. ..." SO
! Occidental of W Va CS ....
Oil City Petroleum 5S 58
'Peerless ..;. 13 PO
Petroleum Center 05
Plttsburg ¦ W
Reed Crude 1 60 ....-
Senator «© •*
Sorereicn ... vv »* 33 SB
Sterling -; * *<*
, Superior ~ ** £3
I Thirty-three * 23
, Twenty-elsht 1£ W
West Shore ---• 2 J»
Associated Bonds C9 CO 72 CO
Miscellaneous—
' Northern Cal Power 9 37*4 ....
SALES.
• Mornlns Session.
Board—
147 Foot Oil ."-..' 69
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — Sept- Dec.
Closing 7 2% 7 3%
Closing 7 3*, 7 4!,
PARIS.
Wheat — Aug. Nov. -Feb.
Opening 22 35 23 55
Closing 22 35 23 00
Flour —
Opening ; 30 00 3120
Closing ...r. .....30 15 3120
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS.- Aug. 26; — WOOL— Steady. Medi
um grades, combing and clothing. 25V"@26c;
light fine. 19?}-20c; heavy fine. 15^16c; tub
washed, 22325c.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Aug. 26.— WHEAT— Walla,
Walla, 76c; bluestem. 85c; valley. 82c.
WASHINGTON..
TACOMA. Aug. 26— WHEAT— Unchanged;
bluestem. 83c; club, 78c
Northern Business.
SEATTLE. Aug. 26. — Clearings, $655,573;
balances. $157,016.
TACOMA. Aug. 28. — Clearings, $288,2S6;
balances. $15,584.
PORTLAND. Aug. 28. — Clearings, $701,943;
balances. S15.768.
SPOKANE. Aug. 28. — Clearings, $302,232;
balances, $29,148.
Wells-Fargo 235
Miscellaneous—
Anal Copper .... 23.000 074 66H 57
Arr.er Car & F 1ST,
Amer C &. F pfd 784
Amer Cotton Oil.. 300 324 32 32
Arcer Cot Oil pfd 81
American Ice 6*4
American Ice pfd. L200 264 2« 26
Amer Ltcseed Oil.. 1.200 14 12V4 134
Amer Lin Oil pfd. 200 354 35 38 :
Am«r Locomotive.. 2.200 20% 20 20^4
Amer Loco pfd .. 100 00 80 S9 T *
Anr.er Smelt & Ref. 3,000 64 C34 €24
Arner S &. Ref pfd. 300 107 106*i 104
Amer Sugar Ref... l.JO) 131"i 1304 130-%
Anaconda Mln Co.. 1.100 PO14 SO 7S
Brooklyn Rap T.. 6,700 54 4 534 53?i
cAlo Fu«l A Iron. 3,400 37', 36?* 3»5*i
Consolidated Gas . l.KOO 19514 1954 195U
Com Products 100 134 134 134
Corn Products pfd 6S
Distillers 1 Seofcr .. «X») 234 23 23U
General Eiectrtc .. 100 164 164 164
Inter Paper 100 144 144 14
Inter Paper pfd... 100 72\ 72% 721;
Inter Pump 1.501) 32 31 30**
Inter Fuir.p pfd .. 400 77 77 77
National Lead 2,700 23 *4 22*4 23
North American .. 200 83 924 *2
Pacific Mail 8<jO 29^ 29 2S»4
People's Gas 3,100 102* 4 1024 1024
Pressed gieel Car.. 100 33 33 324 I
Pressed S C pfd 200 77 77 76V-
Puilman Pal Car 216*
P.epubllc Steel 2, WO ~\ 7»4 7\4
Republic Steel pfd. 700 44 434 *3
Rnbber Goods .... 100 IS 18 IS
Rubber Goods pfd 79*4
Ter.n Coal & Iron. 8,100 454 444 **S
D S Leather 700 7* 4 74 74
L* S Leather pfd. 100 M S6 66 1 *
L* S Realty 2.S0O 524 *14 MS
L" S Rubber 300 1914 19 is*.
U E Rubber pfd .. 200 75»i 75U 75Va
U S Steel 7.S00 12V4 12 12
U S Steel pfd €7,300 O.a, B9»j 53^
Westingtiouse Eiec ICO 159 159 15S
Western Union 89*4
Total sales 4S1.200 shares.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN* FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. Aug. 2<j.— No bond transac
tions to-day.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
Common, bid 4\, asked 4^; preferred, bid
45, asked 46.
NEW TORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg..lO5 |L & N unified 4*101
Do coupon 105 j Man con gold 4s.HxH4
Do Ss reg 105 | Mex Central 4s ... 61
Do coupon 1O5"4J Do 1st tnc 15 V4
Do new i 3 reg. 131V Minn & St L 4s.. 97
Do coupon 122 J M. K & Texaa 4s. 1004
Do old 4s reg.107 I Do 2ds 79^
Do coupon 107 |NK of Mex con 4s 75*4
Atch gen 4s 103»i; N T C gen 34s. .loo'
Do adj 4s 64*4! X J C gen 6s 133U
Atlantic C L te.lOO%|ltbr Paciflc 4s 105 i
Bait & Ohio 4s..lO3>«, Do 3s 741,4 I
Do 34s MHJKor & W con 4s,lCl»i \
Central of Gs, 5s.lI0\; O.SL 4s & partic. 9€i, i
Do 1st inc 834;Pa conv 34s ftS4 i
Ch« & Ohio 4S.M74 Reading gen 4s... S»t?
Chi & Alton 34s. 7S ISLilMcon teaH% '
C. B & Q new 4*. O7V4S L * S F fg 4s S5
CM & SP gn 4S.109 |St Louis SW lsts! 87
C A NW ccn 7s. 12**4 Seaboard A L 4e S8
C. R I A. Pac is. 73\ So Pacific 4s '. 94*
Dc/ col Ca 95 jSo Railway 5s "n«il '
C.C.C & SLgn 45.1014' Tex & Pac l«ts "ll<) I
CM Term 4s 734 To], St L A XV is 76U !
Cons Tobacro 4s. 67 i Union PaciSc 4s 105 u
Colo & So 4s 84 I Do conv 4s lft*i ?
Colo Fuel & I 5«. 754, U S Steel 2d 5s" 7SV
Den A Rio G 4S.IOO4! Wabash lsts "lirti
Erie prior Hen 4s. 9«V Do deb B . 61U
Do gen 4« MHJW A L Erie 4s! !* 97U
Ti£\£ Si^lg^fe CentraI **-
SEW TORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 25 Little Chief ..... 05
£ lice 2«i Ontario 35,1
Breeoe lOOphir... «^i
Bruns Con 13 Phoenix ! 'ij
Com Tunnel lu 1 Potosl "" \l
Ton Cal A Va... 1 10 Savage" .. «o
Horn Silver 1 55 Sierra Nevada!!." 30
Iron Silver 1 70 ?rnail Hopes o,
Leadv iile Con ... f2 Standard " ' 1
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money— |u S etee!....' i«
Call loans 2S34' Do pfd .. s5*t
Time loan* 3®44; Westing Common! SO
Bonds— I Mining —
Atchison 4s 101*4 Adventure 1
Do adj 4- 944iAllouer ...""'" il«
Mex Central 4s... 61 j Amal Copper .. " 57 1
Railroads— | Amer Zln<: i-» !
Atchison S0*i; Atlantic " 10
ptd 9*li|Bingham .."!!!!" 25*'
Boston A Albany. 24S4' Calumet & Hec!a.S2O
Boston & Maine. 1*51 I Centennial o«
Boston Kiev 131 | Copper Range 55
FUchburg pfd....i::7tiDaIy West .. ."" nu
Mex Central 114! Dom Coal mv
N T. N H * H-.l^u: Franklin .I!: l % .
Pere Marquette... 74 iQrancv * 2 T .
CrtOB Pacific 99*4 Isle Royaie".!!"" u£
Miscellaneous— | Mass Mining |v
Amer Arge Chem. 14 (Michigan 41I
Do pfd SO } Mohawk J%
Amer Pneu Tube. 4»i! Mont Coal &' Coke H*
Amer Sugar . . . .130*41 Old Dominion Ad
Do pfd 132 lO*o«ola ... ifi,7
Amer Tel A Tel. 138 ! Parrot «£ *
Am«r Woc'.en ... ll%t Quincy "" JT
Do rfd SO j Shannon !! *~
Dom Iron A- S... 104ITamarack mt
Ed JTect Ilium.. 2fift I Trinity 10 I«
Gen Electric ....1(3 \V S Mining olr
Mass Electric... IZ%\V I Oil ..^.!!"- jiij
Do Pfd C34:Utah ... },,«
Mass Gas 4.1 Victoria it?
Un Shoe Mach... .V> ( Winona av
Do pfd 30 [Wolverine".' fit*
United Fruit .....103*4
London Closing Stocks.
Cors money $$."t-16'jc T Central i»r
Do acct -.--S8 3-1C! Nor & Western!! ?!»;
Anaconda 4 | Do pfd .. oV*
Atchlsrn Wt'Ont & Western'" 2^«
Do rfd Wfl*4 ' Pennsylvania ' " «?
Bait 4 Ohio WKlRand Mines . 1014
Can Pacific l-lOU! Reading . mt7
O-.e, & Ohio -T»4( T» I>t pfd""' 43*
Ort Great West.. 15U| Do 2d pfd. "' S7U
Chi. Mil A St P.IM !So Railway . "^u
IVB*ot is?4t Do pfd "* fl?J
D*n & Rio G.... 25Ti'So Pacific .! K
_JP" P-J 77*; J Union Pacific . . ! ! 1O2«4
Er1» 27«*' Do r f^ & j
Tio 1*t Ffd «5U'Cr S Steel " i«lfc
Do 2d pfd .41 f Do rfd .*.".' flu
Til Central T42 i Wabash "q*
M. K & Texas... 23<K ! Epanlsh 4s 864
S ar ellT « r -<ialet. 26tid per oune».
Money— 2 per cent.
•*•!£* h?M* °i f ""ZFfiJJ!*? 1 * "P* 3 mar >t#t for
t'hre^ morAfci? ffijgB;gS.r? " nd f ° r
Bank Clearings.
Aug. 2fl.-The following table
SeaaV^SS S^^ 111 the Pontage of m-
S^ponX^T.riasr'ySr 1 ; 1 ''"' 1 *'
r>!i«« • Percentage
«..ti««— Amount. Tnc Dec
N«wTork $LC87.64S,70I 104
•Tiicaco 154.S75.462 3 5 "
g?';™,-:; 10S.38S.058 7!o
Philadelphia 91. 047 vn iV5
Pt. Louis 45.4<a,490 '93
Pittsbuix M.12O.707 ia'f
Pan Francisco ... 27 to* l>t)i "7*
Baltimore l?..'..Vi'465 l'»
Cincinnati 20.4W.950 fi*2 "**
Kansas City 23.107,254 13*4 "'"
New fUJeans ll.OOl,«B52 9's ""
Clerelund ll,8rp«.70l ' Aj'i
Minneapolis 14.322. 74« aj'e
Detroit 9.40S.2S7 8S
Loutsvllle 10.0*4.500 23 9 """"
Omaha 8.7R5.01T «'« *""*
Milwaukee 6.57S.475 .. *j*2
Providence 5,3.'»i.4rt> ... »' 7
Buffalo «. 626. 452 10.2
Indianapolis 5.558.587 8.« ""'*
Pt. Paul' 5.3fi3.R04 0.8 .!"
Los Ans»les 5.3S3.4SI ».l ....
S=t. Joseph 4.2SS.75S 2.4
Denver 4.2R9.«33 6.3
rolnmbas ....... 3.&4«.BOO 1.7 ....
llemrhis -2.459.191 IS. 2 ....
NTS YORK. Aug. 2*5— In fa!r!y hesrry
Xrcf.t-tak:r.«r to-d«y*s rtrck market
sometfcios cf a check in its upward courts,
thoujrh, sair.s for t!:e <S-iy icer- numerous. Th«
rw-ticfi uas most narked in the cf
•tsmdard stocks, tae notable exception being
Amaiganiatft-l Copper, which advanced to the
highest point cf the year. Commission houses
showed no improvement in tuyirg and not a
X*w traiers Inclined to a curtailrrvpr.t of their
cperatSrr!" because cf the rrcminence in the
last few days cf a clique whose operations had
l*«n regarded with seme suspicion. Crcp con
ditions aiso enterM into the situation, the
«-cmirio-i;ty markets beirg again unsettled.
Thfre » as «till *--n".e fear of frr»st In the corn
V*lt. The «r«>n*th cf cop^-»r »-as coincident
with the publication of trade reports rtiowlng
Tj-.at the consuir.pticn of t.h< raw material in
France and Oermany fcr this yestr exceeds that
cf any since 1&0O. The GcuM stock* as a group
•w-er*: inactive. Colorado Fuel and Republic
Iron and Stee! were relatively strong in eym
| ?.thy with United States Steel. The late mar
ket wa.s almost leaturelesa, the closi:yr being
about steady. .Railroad, reports to hand in
clad^S that cf AtTcrs-Dn for July, skewing a de
crease in the income cf ever 5600.000. This
(*xh!t:t «as in marked ccr.trart to the reports
cf seme four score ether reads for the same
r*r;M. wh.ch showed an average net increase
ci S- 57 r*^r cent. Estimates differ as to the
»e*k'« low cf «.-urrency resulting frca the flow
<.'. crcp BOaey to the interior and to gold ex
ports, but conservative opinion (laces It at
ret >m than 5t.00O.O60.
Government bonds shew no ehange. while
railway bend* were Irregular. Total sales, par
value, »2.595.000.
NET5V YOP.K STOCK LIST.
Stocks— Sale*. High. Low. Close.
AtchUon ... . 12.1C0 SI % 18OS4 m
Bait 6z Ohio S.700 S«»i fe6 &•',£
* Ohio pfd - 92i{
Canadian Tacific... 2.400 127% 12«i_ i»si,
Cfr.tral c* K J 400 167% 197 1C6U
Cfceeap & Ohio 3,900 iS\ Z"' % 38 "<i
Chi tc A'.ton 000 41 40 T i 40
Chl'4 Altc-a pfJ S0%
Chi & G Western.. 1.300 15 I**; J4=!
Oh! A NcttUwMta. 2.««)0 1*7»4 IS*% l M iJ
CT.i Mil & Pt Paul. 15.3OO l£2vi 151 \ 1S2?
CM MU & St P pM 100 179>i 179% ISO
>rn! Term & Trass. 100 7 7 71:
Chi Term A T pfd. 300 15ii 15 15^
C C C & St Louis. MO 73;i 79 79
Col« Eou'hern 13
Colo Sou*_h let p.'i *""<) 4l»*i 4SS 48%
Coio South 23 pfd. 500 20«4 20=1 20:£
Del «: Kuriscn 1,900 1«H 164 164'i
r>ei Lack A Wmi 270
Denver 4 R G 500 25H 25 2««;
T-errer & P. G p?4 SOO 754 75«* 75^
Erie 6.10O 27H 20 W tC\
Krie l«t pffl 800 CT*i «>: cA
Krie 2d Pfd 3no S;»*i 3*% »&i*
Hocking Valley ... 1.600 77-i 73% 77*i
Hocking Val pfd... J..Sf«> MH g.1^ Ki\
• i:!inoi» Central 1.20O 1S*V, 3.".^, 137i»
]o»» Central 7f>0 2Hj 51 21
Irma, Centra! pfd.. 1.300 42 41 hi 41 'i
K C Southern 23 4,
K C Southern pffi 44
I>rjifi & Nanh 1.000 121 »4 1204 121 Xt,
KasJjattaa L 5<jO 155 155 154 H
JletropoUtan Seca.. 27.SO0 01^ jqt^ jjji^
Metrcpolitan St Ky. 1«.€<V» 13S 122 S, 12T.i,4
Mexican Oatral .. 4.900 12H 11 H 12
Mint! * St Louis... 2C*> ft«5 S5 K»
K StP &¦ Fit Pte M 200 72 72 714
M StPASH^teM r*3 '• 12*v»
UsfCBri Pactac ... 10.700 S74 B*5i; W4
V.j Kan & Texas.. 3.600 *Hi • 22 T 4 22 T i
V 1 Kan & Tex pfd. 6.&O) 43", 4S% 4»
• N TI P. of Mix pfd. 200 S7 37 37
N Y Central 2.1 W 122^ 121*4 122H
S*crf6tk & Tt'ectera 6.100 £T»» «« ««^
Norfolk & VV pfd.. " 90 '
Ontario & "Western C.4O0 r<2'-4 SO 14 *1
IVr.Mj-lVania 18.3W in J24'» 124'i
r.ii* c c 4 st L. mo «s €$ <rr
neadlr.f IS. COO SSH 57S i>'"i
Ue&dir.g 1« pfd • *44
Readinc 2d pfd 200 75 74^ 73
Rock IMacd Co 1C.OOO 254 73 »
rto<-k Island Co pfd 1.000 fS, «7SJ BTK
Ft L «- « F M pfd. 2.S0O 59^4 Sav, £»»i
£t I»ul» fi W 21.O* 22S 20M, 22%
Stl-rai'S WpM.. "W 4*1, 44% 44',
Southern Pacific ... 21.100 f7% V\ M«;
Southern Kailway.. 14.400 20«i *&£ 2$»i,
•outhem Ry pfd... «*> »4S 0* &44
!Texa« * Psr'.ne .. 10.000 3i r»y 3CX
T-»I St L &¦ West.. 3f« 27"i 27»1 27 *i
To! gt T. A tV pfd. 1.40O 43 *2*> 43
Union PactSc 19,«OO lOOi^ p.,-^ 33^
ITcion PaciJlc pfd.. 200 r>5 Oi'i B4K
TVar*sh WO 1»S 134 19
TV»basb pfd l.**> 2S% ssv; ggu
W & Luke Eri* .. 100 JC*i l«i, * \(j
M-|fcor.»Jn Central.. U*i lt>i; jstj jvs-
Tn»cor.»la <>n rf<J- COO 4^4 42^4 42
Er^rwi Coirpanies —
Adam* .....,..: ?25
Aro«riran SOS
United Elite* 121^
New York Stock Market.
-NEW YORK. Aug. 26— Mc=ey en call. Tiffl
F«t cest.
Tirr.p I-Kiw, slightly firsier; sixty days, 2
per cent: rintty iays, 2% per c<*nt; six months,
2'^ cent.
"Prsrr.e rsereamile rar<?r. 3*,^% p*r cent.
0 Btertlns; *X:J;ar.(c^. h^avy. w:th actual busi
c*^5 in car.kers" bil> at 54.S7«5-34.«730 for
OezBSBd aad ti •s.*2<"':d4>C2r. for sixty-day bills.
. Pc*r<»!l rates. 54 M and 54 63.
Crrr.rr..-rc:a! b;i:s. 54 S5.
. EaV sCver, r>7c.
ll»xiran doliarn, 45He.
Bcniis— Govtrr.nwnt, svta.tr: railroad, irregu
lar.
'New York Money Market.
mat and Wheat Bulletin.
For the twenty-four hours ending 6 p. m.,
120th r-.eridiaa time. San Francisco. Auj. 26:
K~S g « S
|s|l *Z II ?
rrATioics- s{= sf ?g =¦"» ?
• » ?" ¦• • '.
b ;¦ ¦ e "• ¦..; • ;
•" * * • i •
f.nerflaJe 98 .V> 7. C.ear
Crluea »O 50 .. C'.*ar .<J0
Kur*ka 60 56 N Clear -•¦«
Fresno ............. PS €S NW Clear , .<)•
Hanf crd J>7 A4 . . Clear ,<O
Holl'.ster 82 4<* NW Clear .»*>
Indep«>T:d»are *5 72 SS Ooudy T.
Kirg City J»3 M N Clear .09
Llverrsore 90 4<J .. Clear .0$
L.» Angeles 56 (A W Clear .00
Merced 9S €2 .. Clear .00
Nara «7 4S f? Oar .00
N»wca#t!e S~> «5 W Clear .Ctf
N'nrtva »5 55 .. Clear .uO
rilcrai'y f>* 57 .. Clear .d)
Perron-.:!* 07 r.S N Pt.CUr .'«
P.M B!uST &6 fA SK Oar .<.#
F.!v«T*id« 101 «2 .. Clear .<»»
Facranento 92 M S Clear .00
Saa Diego 78 ?» NW Clear .«iO
§an Francisco CS 52 W Clear .Co
San Jc*e SI 49 .. Clear .00
S=an Luis Obitpo ... 8* !S N Clear .00
far.ta Rcsa J*) 43 .. O.ear .00
V3B0WI »4 £5 S Clear .00
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
PsrterviUe — Orange cr?? heavy, good sizes
sml i.'.)s» well.
Har.forf — Good cr~p ptn; farmers busy
fitting ready to rick rrap*s.
Colusa — Prsr.e p-.ck'.ng cosn«cef i£ a few
Czyr; w-.:i be about half.
CtowerAaJc — 'Wemther favorable for grapes
• Wi'.lcws — AU crc?» In rood ccwlition.
Nar*— Warm change tn weather benefiting
ir-~n erea
*Wl:yvr — Orap^s ripenins;: large crop.
Pan Jo«e — Hay cr»>p estimated ccn«i4era,bly
mY.or<*T thar last year.
Palerrro — AU crct*! a» before reported.
• Newman — Prospects fcr next alfalfa g-»od
• UverTsnr* — Rain pro«trated cn« hundred
acres of hcj>s at Pleasa^ton.
A n if-- A DTP!
STOCK AXD BOND EXCHANGE.
Comstock mining shares wet* quiet and nrt
materially changed, but there was more trad
ing in the Tonopafcs.
Ex-dlvidend yesurday: Hanford Oil Com
pany, regular monthly, 52 per share, amouat
ln« to 5*000.
The Ophir Mining Company has been notified
of the shlpncent of forty-seven tons and 1740
rounds of concentrates and a small bar of
bullion valued at 5567. all resulting from
120v tons of second-class ore lately worked at
the Klnkead mill.
Business on the Stock and Bond Exchar.**
was fair, but as on th« preceding day fluctua
tions were neither numerous nor wide. Cali
fornia Wine was hicher at 530 MaScawell
Sugar ditto at 528 25«2<5 50 s-ad I Hawaiian
Sugar ditto at |5rt 75. Pacific Borax sold at
1155 and Alaska Packers' at $123. There was
not mact doing in bonds.
Trading in Stocks Still Light and
in Bonds Dull.
vances reported yesterday, though trade In
Butter continued dull- Fine creamery, bow
ever, was well cleaned up though there was
still plenty of firsts and seconds on the mar
ket. Ranch Eggs were firm, with light stocks.
The current advance enables dealer* to draw
out large lines of both Butter and Egss from
cold storage, as well as to work off liberal
quantities of Eastern goods. Cheese continues
dull and weak, with large supplies.
Receipts were 42,900 lbs Butter, 650 cases
Efegs and 21,600 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery at first hands. 25©26c
for extras and 22@24c for firsts; dairy. 19®
22c; store Butter, 15@lSc: Eastern creamery.
19%§20c; Eastern ladle-packed. 14©13%c per
pound.
CHEESE^ — 0810c for choice/ mild new and
S®SVic for lower grades: Toung Americas, 110
ll%c: OreKon. 8©10c: Eastern. 10©15c per lb.
EGGS — Ranch 31©32c for large white se
lected 30c for choice and 26@2Sc for common;
store. 22 J S25c; Eastern. 25<226c for firsts, 21®
22?ic for seconds and 19g20c for. bakers'.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Receipts of most kinds of summer tre« fralts
continued light and, although trade was quiet
locally, as Is usual on Friday, the market had a
6teady tone. There was continued firmness In
Apples and fine Bartlett Pears were steady, but
"there was no regular prices for ripe offerings ot
the latter. Peaches in smalt boxes were firm,
with offerings less liberal. Two carloads of the
Crawford variety arrived late in the day from
Oregon and were held over for to-day's market.
Receipts of bulk stock were light and prices
were unsettled. An outside canner paid 540
per ton for a few lots of Clingstones, and for
Freestones 520 was the ruling price. Water
melons were in free supply, but ruled firm at
higher prices, as the warm, sunny weather
stimulated trade. Cantaloupes and Nutmeg
Melons were steady for good stock and cleaned
up pretty well. Grapes were plentiful and sev»
eral kinds were quoted lower. Raspberries
were in increased supply and lower, while
other Berries wer* unchanged. The Cltrns
market was liberally supplied and generally
quiet. Grape Fruit was offering again.
STRAWBERRIES— 5234 per chest for larg*
varieties and $4H5 for small Berries.
BLACKBERRIES — From Santa. Crux. X39
3 50 per chest: frcm other sections^ 51 50®C 50
per chest.
RASPB1:rrIES— 5S®10 per chest for Santa
Clara and S4fi6 for Watsonville berries.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 9U10c per lb.
APPLES— 5181 50 per box for fancy. 85c
@51 for choice and 50®75c for common: Crab
Apples, 606 75c for small boxes and 51 2591 40
for larsje.
PEARS — Bartletts, SCc@Sl 25 per box- for No.
1, and 40(805 for No. 2: Winter Ne'.lts, 90cO$l:
cooking varieties. 50c per box.
PEACHES— Small boxes, 40©75e; carriers,
50'§70c- open boxes. 75cfi51.
PLUMS AND PRUNES— 50©75c p«r crats
and 35&50c per small box: open boxes. 75c3$L
NECTARINES — Red. S5d&51 per box or
crate: white. 50c per box or crate.
QUINCES — SOc per box.
FIGS— 4frg65c r*r box for black and 35©50e
for white.
MELONS— Cantaloupes. 75cfif I 23 per crate;
Nutmeg Melons. 35*?60c per box; Waterai«lons,
51'-3e'_*50 per dozen.
GRAPES — Small . boxes and crates: Seed
lp«a. 50©75c: Tokay. 50<375c: Muscat. 60>S$5e;
Isabella, 75cf|51 25; Black. 35e«5Oc; Sweetwater.
23-3 40o. Large open boxes: Black. 75c351; To
kay. 51^1 25; Muscat, |1 25; Sweetwater, 750
65c; seedless. 05g75c
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges, S15O§C75 per
box for Valencias; Lemons, ?2 23S2 75 far
fancy, 51 25®l 75 for choice and 5l(M 25 fcr
standard; Grape Fruit, 51 75®2 50: Mexican
Limes. ?i 5Og5 per case; Bananas. 51 5C»tr2 p-r
bunch for Central American and 75c©51 25 for
Hawaiian; Pineapples, 51 504T3 50 per dozen.
Dried Fruits *suts,RaisinsJ{oney.
FRUITS — New crop— Apricots, 7%S9%e for
I Royals and 9-8120 for Moorparks: Nectarines.
5* 4 e7c- Peaches. CgSc per lb; Pears. 6gl0c;
. Plums pitted 6<g6>ic for black. 7%<89%c for
! red and "fiS^c for yellow; Figs. 2-crown
j bricks E2V>c; 3-crpwn. 55c; 4-crown. 65c; 6
! crown," 75c; bulk white. 3ty£3%c; black. 4c
Evaporated Apples. 6%®7%c per lb.
PRUNES — I?ie2c per lb for the four sixes.
RAISINS — Association f. o. b. pricaa Fresno
(subject to change without notice) are as fol
lows: JO-lb boxes — Loose Muscatels, 3-crown.
I 3c; 2-crown. 2*jc; Malaga, loose. 3-crown.
i ;%c; 2-crown. 2*4c; seedless Sultanas. 3c;
seedless Muscatels. 2Uc: Seeded Raisins. 16-oa
cartons fancy. 4%c; choice. 4c: 12-ox cartons.
fancy 3%c- choice. 3HC. per lb.
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshelL 13%G14c:
No 2, Il%frl2c; No. 1 hardshell. 13©13%c:
No 2 ll@HV>c; Almonds. 16Q17c for a«w
Nonpareils. 14SU%c for I X L. 13{*14c for
Ne Pius Ultra and lie for Languedoc; Pea
nuts, frg7c for Eastern; Pecans. 11213c; Co
coar.uts 51 50<g5.
HONEY— Comb ll'i@13c for white and 109
lie for amber: water white extracted. 0%^
6V>c- light amber extracted. &@6c; dark. 39
4*ic.
BEESWAX— 27g29c per lb.
Provisions.
All descriptions remain as before quoted,
with continued dullness reported by the trade.
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 10%c per lb ror
heavy, lie for light medium. 13c for light.
i 14c for extra light and 17c for sugar-
I cured- Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 14c: Cali
fornia Hams, ,13c; Mess Beef, 510010 50 pet
bbl; extra Mess 511^11 50; Family. 512312 50;
prime Mess Pork 514 50; extra clear. 524;
Mess. 518: Dry Salted Pork. »&c; Pig Perk.
I 526; Pigs' Feet 55: Smoked Beef, 14c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6%c per Ib for
compound and 9%c for pure; half-barrels,
pure. 9» 4 c; 10-lb tins. lOUc; 5-lb tins. 10?»c;
3-lb tins. 10%c.
COTTOLENE — One half barrel. 8»4c; tare*
half barrels. S"4c; one tierce. 8V»c; two tierces,
Sc: five tierces. 7T*c per lb.
Hides, fallow, Wool and Hops.
Hop picking has commenced In the north
A report from Oregon states that a sale o:
10, COO pounds new crop has been made at -5c
There are about 2170 bales of 1903 crop at: I
left in Oregon: the new crop will not be evei
I S5.000 bales. In California less than 200 bale:
of old Hops are left. < _
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands s»l
about under quotations. Heavy salted
steers. 10c; medium. 9c: light. 9c: Cot
Hides. 9c for heavy and 8%c for li.int
Stags. 6c; Salted Kip. 9%c; Salted Veal. 10c
Salted Calf, lie; dry Hides. 16%c; dry Kip
13c; dry Calf. ISc: Sheepskins, shearlings. 25t
40c each"- short Wool. 4C^C5c each: medium
75ft90c; long Wool. 51f?l 50; Horse Hides, salt
$2 75 for large-and 52«2 50 for medium. 51 1i
61 75 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse H.des
I dry 51 75 for large and « 50 for medium. US
1 25 for small and 50c for Colts. Buck Skins —
Dry Mexican 30c; dry salted Mexican. 25c; drr
Central American. 30c. Goat Skins— Prime An
goras. 75c; extra large do. *1 25: large and
smooth 50c; medium. 35c; small. 20c.
T\LLOW — No. 1 rendered, 4©4&c per lb;
No 2 3%c: grease. 2%«3c.
WOOL — Fall clip — San Joaqain and South
ern. 9fillc; Southern. 889c: Sonthern Moun
tain 9-gllc- Middle Counties, free. 12£14c:
do defective, 10<fJ12e; Northern free. 12014c:
do! defective. 10®12c; Humboidt and M«ndo
dno 14315c per lb.
HOPS — 1904 crop. 2C£24c per lb. The few
old crop left here are held at 25c for choice.
Meat Market.
All quotations remain unchanged and th»
market continues amply supplied,
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 5©7c for Steers and 4S5c p«r to
for Cows.
VEAL — Large. 5©7c; small. 8©9c p«r lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 707%c; Ewes, «C7o
per lb.
LAMB— S%C9c per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs, 6#Ss per Tb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sctmd
Livestock delivered in Ban Francisco, less 60
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers 7\ig7%c: Cows and
Heifers 5U®6%c; thin Cows, 4©5c per lb.
CALVES — l@4%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3%©3?ic; Ewes. 3Q3Ho
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS — 52 E0S2 75 per bead.
HOGS— Live Hogs. 140 to 200 lbs. 4»4c:
200 to 250 Its. 4%c; 13O lbs and under. 4%c;
over 250 lbs, 4Hc; soft Hogs, cot wanted:
Sows, 20 per cent off: Boars. 50 per cent oft.
snd Stags, 40 per cent eff from above quota
tions.
, General Merchandise.
BAGS — Grain Bags 55 1.-3:5 23: San Quen
tin. $4 75: Wool Bags. 30©32c; Fleece Twine,
I 7%c: Fruit Bags. 6%©7%c for white and 7c
for brown lute.
. COAL— Wellington. $S per ton; New "Wel
lington, 59: Seattle. 56 50; Bryant, |8 50:
Beaver Hill. 55 50; Roslyn.. 57; Coos Bay,
55 50; Richmond. 57 50: Cumberland. 513 la
bulk and 514 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania An
thracite Egg. 514: Welsh Anthracite figg. 513:
Welsh Lump. 511 5O: Cannel. %9 per ton;
Coke. 511 .".i"tm per ton in bulk and 515 la
sacks: Rocky Mountain descriptions. fS 50 per
short ton.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cases
add 5c; Linseed. 57c per gallon for boiled and
55c for raw; Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1. 70c:
Bakers* AA cases. 51 lO-gl 12: Lccol. SOcr for
boiled and 4Sc for raw;- China Nut. cases.
65g>0c per gallon: Cocoanut Oil. in barrels.
SSc for Ceylon and 55c for Australian ; extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil. 6Sc: natural winter
Sperm Oil 63c; extra bleached winter Whale
Oil. 57c: natural Whale Oil. 52c: extra winter
strained Lard Oil, 75c; No. 1 Lard Oil. 65c;
pure Neatsfoot Oil. 73c; No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil.
63c; light Herring Oil. 42c: dark Herring Oil.
40c: Salmon Oil. 34c; boiled Fish Oil. 37c; raw
FLsh Oil. 35c; boiled Paint Oil. 33c; raw Paint
Oil 31c
COAL OIL — Water White Coal OIL In bulk.
13c: Pearl Oil. In cases. 19%e;.AstraL 19%c;
Star. 19%c- Extra Star. 24c: Elaine. 26c; Eo
cene. 23c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline. In bulk.
16c- In cases, 22% c: Benzine, in balk. 13c; la
cases. 19%c: 86-degre« Gasoline, in bulk. 25c;
in cases. 31c " -• '
TURPENTINE— 81c per gallon la cases and
75c in drums and iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Bed Lead. 7&O
Xcz;- York Stocks not materially changed. Cotton weak.
• Lecal Stocks and Bonds quiet and generally unchanged.
. Silver a fraction lower. Exchange about as before.
• Ji heat recovers some lost ground here and elsewhere:
Barley, Oats, Corn end Rye unchanged.
' Local milUrs rei'ise prices for MUUtuffs.
. Hay, Feedstuff s and Beans about as before.
Potatoes easy again, with large arrivals.
Poultry in light receipt and firm.
Fresh Fruit in moderate receipt and steady.
Advar.ce in Butter and Eggs maintained. Clu-cse still weak.
Provisions still inactive in all markets.
Hops steadily held, but not active.
Meat market well stocked at previous prices.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
FOR FRIDAY. AUGUST 2«.
Flour, qr sks .. 9,9SO;Wool bales 73
Wheat, ctls .... 560 ' Feed, sks Six
Parley, ctl* .... 1.23S; Eggs, doa 1S,"KO
Oats, ct!s ..... 1.757; Tallow, ctls ... 221
Rye. ctls 291 1 Leather rolls .. 135
Beans, sks S3I Hide*. No 1.03©
Potatoes, sks .. 9.1371 Pelts No ei5
Onioca. ska ... 1.365: Lime, bbls - 4«»
Bran, sks 10oj Paper, reams . . 633
Hay. toes l.C37.Wlne sals 2S.0TO
Straw, tons ..... 53: Sugar ctls .... l.ono
Hops, bales ... . 4' Quicksilver, ftu. 439
Receipts of Produce.
Seattle 3,927,663
Richmond 3.5*2.208 16.1
Washington 3,350,036 11.1
Stvannah 2.785.76S 44.6
Albany 3.133.2S1 2.3
Portland. Or 3.147.506 31.4
Fort Worth 2.51*5,260 .... 11.1
Toledo, Ohio 2.SS1.33S - 0\3
Salt Lake City .. 2.4S3.447 5.1
Peoria •. ... 2.C30.797 0.1
Atlanta 1.973.S25 14.9
Rochester 1.912,032 S.7 1
Hartford 1,842,939 0.6 i
Nashville 2.192.539 IS. 9
Des Molnes * 1.669.112 0.2 I
Spokane Wash... 1.925.230 .... 1.7
Tacoma 1.&20.681 3.5 !
Grand Rapids ... 1.7fiS,937 1.3
New Haven 1.707.072 1.1
Dayton _ 1,322,904 13.1
Norfolk ~ 1.237.C54 13.4
Springfield. Mass. 1.192.027 9.1
Worcester j 1.0S3.435 17.1
Portland. M* 1.398.3C0 .... 1.9
Augusta, Ga 920,201 73.9
Topeka «»O4.Stt .... 43.9
Sioux City 1.035,357 23.9 j
Syracuse 922,391 6.7 1
Evansville 1.145.309 11.1 .
Birmingham 1.173.907 14.4 j
Wilmington Dei.. J*7(\6SC 8.1
KnoxviUe 1,072.021 16.6
Davenport 611.642 1.0 j
Little Rock 5S7.O42 .... ".7
Wllkestarre 757,006 OS. 7
Fall River 54S.214 «.4
Macon 321.60$ 42.3
Wheeling, W. Va. 530.0P5 2.9
Wichita 1.0.19.7S2
Akron 4*7.000 27. S
Cpattanccga 744.288 12.5 J
i Springfl'.ed. Ill 5SS.906 5.7 f
Kaiamazoo. Mich. 681,150 .... 2.S
Tour.gstown 424.111 46.7
H«lena 607.320 12.9
Lexington 434,130 3.3
Farga N. P 419,313 16.3
N<*w Bedford S02.P05 27.2
Canton. Ohio 4*1,000 6.7
Jacksonville, Fla. AS5.425 41.5
Lowell 346.737 1.9
Chester. Pa 307.4S4 29.1
Greensburg Pa... 3<>t.229
' Rockford. ill 41?. 140 3*4
1 Blnghamton 410.300
1 Springfield. Ohio.. 4.">6,«S4 0.2
' Blocmington. III.. 42#516 26.5
Quincy. Ill 2S4.665 11.1
Fioux Falls. S. D. 211.103 99.1
Mansfield Ohio... 173. W 7.4
Decatur. 'ill 2*6.055 6.3
I Jacksonville. 111.. 207.0S6 11.4 1
'Fremont. Neb 175.S07 , 34.8 .
•Houston 11.6S7.042 10.6
•Galveeton 7.527.000 42.7
Charleston 7<AS29 1.5 ....
Cedar Rapids 300.S55
Total* U. S 51.751.147.930 6.5 ....
1 Outside N. York. 713.«04.229 1.4
CANADA.
I Montreal 118.951.923 3.0 ....
Toronto . ". 13.711.231 6.8 ....
Winnipeg 4.747. <«01 15.1
Ottawa 2.15O.55S 12.3
Halifax 1.667.164 7.0
Quebec 1.437,383 4.9
Vancouver. B. C 1.596,509 21.0
Hamilton 1.051.573 16.4
London. Ont 7S-S.0O7 19.7
St. John, N. B 933.003 ' 7.4
Victoria. B. C 566,122 9.0
Totals. Canada 547.615.364 5i8
•Not Included in totals because containing
other items than clearings. ,, :
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 26. — To-day's Btat«
m»nt of the Treasury balances in the general
fund, exclusive of the 5150,000,000 gold re- t
serve in the division of -redemption, shows:
Available cash balance. 1147,524,346; gold $45,-
SS5.197.
' New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK* Aug. 26 — Cotfon futures
opened irregular. September, 10.90c: Novem
ber. 10.90c: December, 10.«5c; January. 10.*2e;
February, 10.S«>c: March. 10.S7c; May, 10.03c.
Futures closed barely steady. August,
lfl.6£c: Sertemb*r, 10.67c; November. 10.50c;
December. 1O.52«- January. 10.53c; February.
ir>57e; March. 10.62c; April, 10.62c; May.
10.62c.
Spot cotton closed quiet. Middling uplands,
j 11.20c; middling rulf. 11.45c. Sales, 179 bales. :
Nciv York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Aug. 26.— FLOUR— Receipts,
12.700 barrels: exports. 11. SCO barrels. Market
j Inactive, but firmly held. ?
WHEAT — Receipts. 22.900 bushels. Spot.
! firm; No. 2 red, nominal elevator and 51 «>**
I f. v. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth. 51 23 T «
I I. o. b. afloat. Wheat changed front several
I times yesterday, being alternately weak and
I firm, with the cleeing tendency upward and
1 last orices IHSI^hC n*t higher. May closed
! 51 II 1 .: September closed $1 10%; December
j cloned 51 10.
HIDES— Steady. —
WOOL— Steady.
COFFEE — Spot Rio, firm; mild, steady.
The market for coffee futures closed steady .
at a net advance of 101?15 points. Total sales, '
155,750 bags. Including September at 6.6<>3
6.70c: October. 6.75c: December, 6.&i*§6.S>5c;
! March. 7.20@7.30c; May, 7.4C07.45c; July.
I 7.CO07.65c^_
SUGAR— Raw. firm; refined, firm.
BUTTER — Firm. Official - price, extra
cr*air»ry, 18%c; street price, extra creamery.
is%eis%c.
CHEESE — Easy. State, full creamery, small
colored and white, fair to fancy, SffS»4c
EGGS — Quiet and unchanged.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES — Are in lijht de
mand, but offerings are small and prices firm.
Commcn are quoted at 435iic; prime, 5*i
Qtc.: choice, 6^S***iC: fancy. 707%c
PRUNES — Are depressed and more or less
un»mled by reports of large supplies and the
Indifferent character of the demand. Prices
show a certain firmness, however, and hold
ers are makine no material concessions. Quo
tations range from 2c to 6&C, according to
grade.
APRICOTS — Are in better demand for fu
ture shipment. Choice are held at 9%'g'lOc;
extra choice. 10 : igl0%c. fancy, ll®13c.
PEACHES — Are steady, with choice quoted
at Sc and fancy at 9%®10c
Nnv York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, Aug. 26.— Tin was higher
arain in both markets. Spot closed at £123
5s and futures at £123 15s on the London
market. Locally spot tin Is quoted at 527®
27 50. Tin do*s not appear active, but offer
ings are small and while the market is quiet
It shows a very gocd undertone.
Copper was unchanged for. ipot. but a little
lower for futures in the London market, where
all positions are quoted at £57 7s 6d. Locally
copper remains steady, but unchanged, with
Jake and electrolytic quoted at 512 50@12 75
and casting at 512 25@12 50.
Lead was unchanged at £11 15s In the Lon
don market and at 54 2O@4 25 In New York.
Spelter was unchanged in both markets also,
with the local prices standing at 54 &5@4 95
and London at £22 15s.
Iron closed at 01s 9d In Glasgow and at
43s 3d in Middlesboro. Locally Iron was un
changed.
Butter and Eggs are higher th!a week, but '
there 13 no scarcity of either, as there are I
plenty of Eastern and storage goods on the
market. ,
Fruits and Vegetables have changed but
little and seasonal kinds are in good supply. .
Apricots have . disappeared and they are ¦
dropped from the list of Fruits. Pomegranates
are on the market.. .
Meats. Fish. Poultry and Game ar« •till :
selling at the long-established prices. •
COAL, PER TON—
"Wellington .$ —@10 00| New !
Seattle $ —© S 50! Wellington $ —©10 00 ;
Roslyn $ —© 9 CtT. Wellington
Richmond ..$—©9 501 Nut $—© S CO ]
Coos Bay ...$ —@ 7 50[ ;
DAIRY PRODUCE. ETC.— | !
Butter. choice,sq.50@—I Eggs, per dozen ,,,^1
Do good 409451 Ranch s^i°
Vto packed lb.—#251 Common 25©30
Cheese Cal 10@15j Honey, comb.. lb.l5@2O
Cheese. Eastern.20^251 Do extracted .. SQIO
Cheese. Swiss ..25<g35| i
POULTRY AND GAME— 1
Hens. large. ea.»55©90!Ducks, each ..t.€5c©J1 i
Do small -....50^10!Geese, each...—€J1 60
Young Roosters, I Goslings »1 <5g'
each 75c^$l! Pigeons, pair ..—«50
Old Roosters, ea.50@65| Squabs, per
Fryers each ...504x60.Wild Doves, doz.75c(g$l
Broilers, each...25©40i Rabbits, each ..20@^5
Turkeys, per Ib.25sg27i Kare. each —«Z5
MEATS, PER POUND—
P.oast Beef. (Mutton Chops ...—^15
choice cuts ..15&20I Pork Chops ....—@15
Do plain 10<gl2%|Veal Cutlets ... .13'j*lS
Roaet Veal . .12%®15i Corned Beef "T® 8
Roast Pork ...12%@15lBeef Stew 8^10
Foreqtr Lamb.—©12*»' Mutton Staw ... 5«8;
Hindqtr Lamb.. .—^15) Veal Stew 10@12'i ,
Foreqtr Mutton.. 8@10iSoup Meat 5®10
Leg Mutton — @10.Soup Bones 42~
Tndrloin Steak.l2%^15!Hams 15^16
Portrhse Steak.. 16S20!Bacon 1357?
Sirloin Steak..12%©15tPork Sausage. .12%'gU !
Round Steak..IOC 12%' Chipped Beef ...20fr —I
Lamb Chops . ..15ri?20j Lard I2%® —
FRUITS AND NUTS—
Alligtr Pear8,ea.20!?i2j! Lemons, doz 15^J?
Almonds 150201 Nutmeg Melon3,ea2Vittv»
Apples 4@ S Nectarines, lb... SftlO
Blackberries per j Oranges, choice. dz2o^i«>O
drawer .20g30| Do common ...—<Q2;>
Crab Apples, lb. 3ft 5i Peaches, lb" . 4© 8 i
Cranberries qt...—<;25:Plum«, lb 3<y o
Cantaloupes. ea.l0ff20! Pears, lb 4& 6 ,
Pecans —®^0] Pineapples. each.25«50 I
Brazil Nuts 20«t —j Pomegranates, lb. —@1O [
Bananas, doz . ..25®35|Quinces , —@ 5 j
Cocoanuts, each. —<S10! Raisins, lb 10@l«>
Figs, dried, lb.. 6#10| Uaspberries. per
Do fresh, lb.. 8S10| drawer 40^. j
Grape Fruit, dz.50ca$liStrawb<?rrl«=.
Grapes.-lb 4@> S! per drawer 2f'<??0
Hcklebrries, lb —<S12%! Walnuts, per lb.l5<i20
Limes, doz 10gl5! Watermelons, ea.20-'g33
VEGETABLES—
Asparagus, lb.10(812%!Lettuce, per doz.l5<e30
Artichokes doz.30ig«Wi Leeks, d* bunch. 13QJ0
Beets, dozen 1O<9— • Mushrooms. lb..50c5«l
Beans, white, lb. 5§ —tOn{on8- Per lb —** ~
Colored. per lb. W—lOkra. dried. lb,.2t>3 —
Dried Lima, lb. 5® 61 Do gTeen. lb... 3® 5
Green Lima — 9 51 Potatoes, per lb.iuas
Cabbage, each .. 5#10 Parsnips, per dz.l.'.«20
Celery, head ... 5S10' Radishes, dz bch.l5®20
Cress, dz bunch. 15@ —(Rhubarb, lb —® 3
Cucumbers doz. 10-S 15|?age. d» bnches.25*?-^-
Garlic ...'. ft© 8 String Beans, lb. 3@ 5
Green Peppers.lb 5®10| Summer Squash,
Dried Peppers ..10«B20t per lb — Q1*i
Egg Plant lb.. ?.& .V Spinach, per lb. —<f£ 5
Green Peas", lb.. 3® SISweet. Potatoes.lb 30 4
! Green Corn. (Thyme, dz bnchs.25<ft30
Choice doz ...25^35! Turnips, per doz. —iR15
Do common ..15@2OjTomatoes, lb 3@ 5
FISH—
Barracouta —@15|Rockcod —(515
Carp ' 10@12 liiSea Bass —<315
Catfish —ei2%l Smelts —SI5
Codfish —^12%!solea lfMxlS I
Flounders lOff—i Skates, each 10-315 i
Halibut I5.?r—ISquid —«10 {
; Herring SSlOITomeod 10®—j
Mackerel —ft— Turbot 20<r— J
Do horse ....15ff —(Trout —S75
Rockflsh —(frl2%!Whlteflsh 10(2—
! Salmon fresh ..1W20C!ams. gallon ..60^—
Do smoked ...15-325; Do hardshell, lb MilO
Sardines 10s&—! Crawfish, per Ibl2%«15
Shrimps —« —ICrabs. each '...12U«2S
Shad lC«r— Mussels, lb 12U'9i3 j
Striped Bass ...15<S201 Outers. Cal. 10O.40^tjO
Perch 10P—! Do Eastern. dz.SOglO
Pemplno —^50!
* *
,
;
I
i
j
1
1
1 I
1
1 ;
!
1
.
i
,
i
l
•
!
;
Black. $1 30@l 35 for feed and $1 50^1 65 for
seed.
CORN —The market is quiet and featureless
at the moment. Prices as a rule remain un
changed
Western sacked. $1 431?1 50 for Yellow and
White and $1 45<31 47% for Mixed; California
lanre Yellow $1 SO^gl 57%: email round do.
$1 53<S1 C2%: White nominal; Egyptian. $133
©1 45 for Whfte arjd $1 25@1 30 for Brown.
RYE—$1 2561 30 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT—Nominal at $1 75®2 per ctl.
Flour and Mittstuffs.
The millers continue to quote a moderately
active market, the quotations showing sweep-
Ing changes, but they are due wholly to a
I change in the usual trade discount, so that j
; In reality the cost of the goods to the buyer
! remains about as before.
FLOUR—California Family Extras. 54 SO®
I 5 10. usual terms; Bakers" Extras. 54 70^5:
I Oregon and Washington. Jobbing at $3 &3©4 25
prt- bbl
; MILLSTUFFS —Prices in packages are as
I follows: Graham Flour. $3 25 per ICO lbs;
I Rye Flour. $3; Rye Meal, $2 75: Rice Flour,
?7; Corn Meal. $2 50; extra cream do. $3 €0;
; Oat Meal. £$ 75: Oat Groats. $4: Hominy.
I $3 (50^3 S5; Buckwheat Flour. $4: Cracked
j Wheat *3 50; Farina, $3 75; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 50; Rolled Oats. bbls. *6@7 50: In
sacks, 54 25; Pearl Barley, 55; Split Peas,
boxes, 55 50; Grten Peas. $5 50 per ICO lbs.
Hay and Feedstuffs.
Receipts of Hay were again heavy, amount-
Ing to 1027 tons, including SS cars. The situ
ation remained precisely as before stated. The
depression will last Just as long as the re
ceipts continue as excessive as at present.
Receipts of Bran and Middlings have been
light to moderate for some little time, but
th« market shows no change whatever.
BRAN—J21@22 per ton.
MIDDLINGS—$24®29 per ton.
SHORTS —521^22 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. 523S23 50
per ton: Oilcake Meal at the mlU. 531 r<CS32 50;
Jobbing. $33; Cocoanut Cake, $22g23; Corn
Meal. 530 60©31 50: Cracked Corn. 531®32:
Mixed Feed. $22#22 50: Horse Beans. 530-3JO
per ten- Broom Corn Feed. 90c per ctl.
HAY—Wheat. 5S@12 50. with 513@13 50 for
extra fine; Wheat and Oat. 5S012; Oat. $7 50®
10 50; Barley and Oat. $7®9; Volunteer Wild
Oat 50 50@S 50; stable. 57gS 50; stock. $6@7;
Clover $7 C01J9 50; Alfalfa, $7$10 50 per ton.
STRAW—35@C5c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
A sale of SI sacks of new large "White Beans
at 52 15 was made yesterday. They were very
foul and not a reflex of the market. Other
wise there was nothing new.
BEANS —Bayos 52 35*82 50: Pea. 53; But
ters. |2 75®3: small White. $2 0003 10: largn
White. 52 30®2 55: Pink. 53 40<S3 50: Red. 54;
Lima S3 65i?3 75; Red Kidneys, 54 25; Black
eyes. 52 35©2 50 per ctl; Horse Beans, 52 25.
SEEDS—Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard $3 25: Flax, 51 90®2 25; Canary. 6%
«?7c; Alfalfa. 15@15*;c; Rape, 1%@2%c: Timo
thy. 5%c; Hemp. 3V4@3%c per lb: Millet. 2%
@3%c: Broom Corn Seed. $20©21 per ton.
DRIED PEAS —Nilea. 52®2 25; new Green
Peas. 52@2 25 per ctl.
¦ ¦ i ¦
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Receipts of" Potatoes were heavy, running
over 5000 sacks, and as trade w%s quiet the
market had an easy tone, but prlcea were with,
out change. There was very little doing In the
shipping line, as most operators were holding
off awaiting a decline In pricea. Sweet Pota
toes were plentiful and weak at the lately re
xiuced prices, and Onions were dulL
A few well known brands of fancy Tomatoes
from aerosa the bay brought a small advance
over the outside quotation, but the market was
weak for general offerings and river kinds
were quoted lower. Lima Beans were steady
and Green Corn did better, but other vegetables
continued weak.
POTATOES —New Bufbanks from the river,
from 60c per sack to S5c per ctl: Salinas Bur
banks, 51®1 25 per ctl; Early Rose, nomi
nal: Garnet Chiles, 75^S5c; Sweet Potatoes,
1%©2c per lb.
ONIONS—fl<Ql 25 per ctl.
VEGETABLES —Green Corn, 5Oc<851 per sack
and 90c©*l 25 per crate; Green Peas, 1%©3c
per lb; String and Wax Beans, l©2c per lb;
Lima Beans, 2%@3%c per lb; Tomatoes, 20<S40c
per box for river and 50@65c for bay; Summer
Squash. 25©35c per box: Cabbage. 75c per ctl;
Carrots. 51 per sack; Cucumbers.'. 20<335c per
box; Pickle Cucumbers, nominal: Garlic, 4fi
4V>c per lb; Egg Plant. «254J40c per. box;
Dried Peppers, nominal;- Green Okra, 25<S-J0v:
per box: Green Peppers, 254240c per box; Mar
rowfat Squash. 515©20 per ton.
Poultry and Game.
There was continued firmness In all kinds of
Poultry and the light receipts cleaned up quick
ly at steady prices. Large young^fowls were
particularly firm, being eagerly sought after by
retailers, and occasional sales were reported at
an advance over the maximum quotations.
Game ruled firm at unchanged rates.
POULTRY—Live Turkeys. 15317c per lb:
Geese, per pair. $1 75@2; Goslings. $2@2 25;
Ducks, - $4ff4 50 per dozen for old and $4 50
@5 50 for young; Hens, 54 50Q5 for small
and 53 50<8« for large; young Roosters, 55 5O
66; old Roosters. *4@4 50; Fryers. 53 50©4 SO;
Broilers. 52 50®3: Pigeons, 51 23 per dozen for
eld and $1 50®l 75 for Squabs.
GAME—Wild Doves. 75c per dozen: Har*.
$150 per dozen; Cottontail Rabbits, $175@2
per dozen.
Butler, Cheese and Eggs.
Both Butter and Eggs maintained the ad-
I Family Retail Market. 1
In provisions trading was mostly in the way
of changing from September to later deliveries
by outsiders. Local traders . were chiefly on i
the selling aide. Final quotations showed a
loss of 24@5c In September pork. lard, was
off 2Utf and ribs 2&c lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Whttt No. 2 —
September, old.. 1 054 1 074 1 05 1 07%
September, new 1 034 1 07", 1 02% 1 05%
December 1 04 1 O7>,4 1 04 1 07*4
May 1 07*3 1 CO'fe 106% 1 C0%
Corn No. 2—
September M '¦ «H 52 KJ«J
December 51 l i °24 50% 51%
May «!s 504 ,49 49^
Oats No 2 —
September 32% 32^ 32 32%
December S34 33*4 33 Vi 33*,
May 35% 364 351, 35%
Hess Pork, per bbl.—
September 7....U «5 " 65 U 50 11 57%
October 1170 11 72% 11 55 1165
January 12 75 12 75 12 67 % 12 70
Lard oer 100 lbs. —
September 6 92«i 6 02% 6 87% 6 90
October T 02% 7 02% 6 8T% 6 97%
January 7 07% 7 07% 7 00 7 02%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs. — _ -
September ..... 7 37% 7 37% 7 30 7 32%
October 7 47% 7 47% 7 40 7 42Vi
January 6 75 6««4 6 67% 6 iO
Cash Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO. Ausr. 26. — Ca*h. quotations were
as follows: Flour, steady: No. 2 spring wheat.
$1 12*1 15: No. 6. $1 0201 10; No. 2 red. $1 05
«?1 07%: No. 2 corn. 53 %c: No. 2 yellow.
54*lc-'No 2 oats. 310314c; No. 2 white, 34H
635c;' No.' 3 white. 33fe34V4c; No. 2 rye, 71®
71 %c; good feeding barley. 40@42c; fair to
choice malting. 49€«2c; No. 1 flaxseed, $1 1S%:
No. 1 Northwestern, $1 25: prime timothy
sec*. $2 S3; mesa pork, per bbl.. Ill 60@ll 63;
lard, per 100 lbs., $6 S7%©0 90; short ribs
sides dorse). $7 2537 37%; short clear sides
(boxed) $8 25<BS £0; whisky, basis of high
wines $1 2S; clover, contract trade. $12 50.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour barrels 19.900 10.0C0
Wheat, bushels -.150.000 J7.9C0
Corn, bushels ~?bl22'
Oats bushels 242.200 1S6.6OO
Ry*. bushels 10,800 1.400
Barley, bushels 38,500 4.900
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
CHICAGO. Aug. 2fl. — On the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was firm;
creamery. 14t*lS%c: dairy. 12%@lBc. Eggs,
steady; 13®16%c. Cheese, steady; S©Oc.
M *
I CATTLE, SHEEP AND HOGS. |
* __i : ?
Chicago.
CHICAGO. Aug. 26.— CATTLE — Receipt?.
40c0: steady. Good to prime steers, $5 50©
6 10; poor to medium. $3 »>0<g5; stackers and
feeders $2tt3 00; cows. $1 30fM 50; heifers,
|1 75(t4 75; canners. $1 30g2 40; bulls, $2J?
4 15; calves, *4<86 25; Texas fed steers, $30
3 50; Western steers. $3 10(83 50.
HOGS — Receipt*, to-day. 13.000; to-morrow,
SO«X>. Market 5*5 10c higher. Mixed and
butchers $5 2C©5 £2%: good to choice heary.
J.'. 4t><35 55; rough heavy, $4 0005 35; ligfit,
?5 35<B5 65; bulk of sales. $5 35<g5 50.
SHEEP — Receipts, 7000; steady. Good to
choice wethers. $3 50<S4 25; fair to choice
mixed. $3 25<g3 75; Western eheep, $3 25©
4 25; native lambs, $t 25©C; Western lambs,
$4g5 SO.
Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY. Mo., Aug. 26. — CATTLE —
Receipts, 3C00: steady. Native steers, $3 75®
6; native cows and heifers, fl 50>g4: stockers
and feeders. 12 25@i 15; bulls, $2§3 25; calves.
$2g.">: Western steers $3fj5; Western cows,
$1 5G#3 50.
HOGS — Receipts. 7000; 5@10c higher; bulk
of sales. $5 2CK?5 35: heavy, $5 15*55 25; pack
ers. $5 15©5 35: pigs and lights. $5@5 40.
SHEEP— Receipt?. 2C0O-. steady. Muttons,
$3 25<r4; Iambs. Si^il 50; range wethers,
$3 25@4; ewes, $2 50<S;j 50.
Omaha.
OMAHA. Nebr.. Aug. 26—CATTLE—Re
ceipts. 1500; active and steady. Native steers.
$3 5O35 9<>: cows and heifers. .$3@4: Western
steers. $3'g4 25; Texas steers. $2 75<g3 75:
range cows and hetfers. $2#3 15; canners,
$1 50<?2; stockers and feeders. $2 50^3 S5:
calve*. $2 50<g4 75; bulls and stags, $2^3 50.
HOGS— Receipt?. 6500: .MJlOc higher. Heavy,
$5 10@5 20; mixed. $5 15® 5 20; light. $5 20<a
5 30; pig-. $4 5*g5; bulk of sales, $5 15©
5 25.
SHEEP— Receipts, 7000; steady. Western
yearlings. $3 70"31; wethers. S3 35<@3 75; ewes.
$3 20©3 60: common and stockers, $2 50@3 GO;
i lambs. $465 25.
Miscellaneous Markets.
"%e per lb: Whita Leai. 7V467%c. according
to quantity.
SUGAR — The "Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes a 3 follows. per lb. In 100- U> bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed, ft 23c:
Powdered. 6.10c; Candy Granulated. 6.10c; Dry
Granulated, fine. «c: Dry Granulated. cears*.
6c; Fruit Granulated. 6c; Be«t Gr»nu
lated (10O-lb bags only). • Confectioners'
A. 6c; Magnolia. A. 5.60c; Extra C. 5.30c;
Golden C. 5.40c: "T>." 5.30c; barrels. 10c more;
half carrels. 25c more; bcxes &0c mon; 50- lb
tags. 10c more for 'all kinds. Tablets — Hair
barrels. 6.50c; boxes, 6.75c: H. <fc E. Crystal
Dominus. 9c per lb. No orders taken for leu
than seventy-five barrels or Its equivalent.
... .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL'. SATURDAY, AUGUST 27, 1901.
STOCK MABKET.
LOCAL MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
EASTERN 3IABKETS.Fruit Dealers' : picnic to San Jose Sunday.
Sound trip $1. Leaves 3d &. Townsend 9 a. m.*
The San Francisco Press- Club on
Thursday elected the following officers
for the coming year: W. C. Holliway,
president; Al Dixon, vice president;
William Fisher, secretary; Gerald Dil
lion, librarian; 'Andrew Wood, treas
urer; Arthur Dutton, Howard E. Mor
ton, Haig Cadigan, R. M. Wood and
Arthur Inkersley, directors. ' •' '
Press Club Elects Oflicers.
Mies Brief Alleging That the Time
Limit for Reinstatement Has '
Expired — Other Cases.
The Board of Education filed a brief
yesterday in the suit brought by Lau
ra F. Fowler, a former Normal School
teacher. . The teacher was placed
upon the list of 'unassigned teachers
by the board and refused to accept
any employment except as a teacher
in some school of equal grade. She
brought suit for reinstatement in the
Normal School. The board claimed
that the woman's' attorneys had pre-
BOARD OF EDUCATION
DENIES TEACHER'S PLEA
Mrs. B. Seitz was arrested in Fruit
vale yesterday morning by- Policeman
H. H. Caldwell of Oakland and De
tective Taylor on a. warrant issued by
Police Judge Conlan.on February 1,
charging her with* obtaining money by
false pretenses. The complaining wit
ness is Mrs: Minna.Dunne, who alleges
that, she purchased, a Jodging-house
at 62 Ellis street, from Mrs. .Seitz for
$1200 and when she took possession
she discovered that most of 'the fur
niture did not belong .. to Mrs. Seitz.
The" defendant left the city and -has
been traveling in the East and visit
ing the St. Louis Exposifton since the
sale.! .¦ : ;¦-.'•¦ •VVv
Arrested After Many Months.
A special' train' to St. Louis via the
Southern Pacific Co. and the "Scenic Line
of the World,'" the' Denver -and Rio
Grande R.. R.. will leave San Francisco
at 11 a. m., September 3.. .This is the
official route. Jojn • this excursion and
help make California Day at the World's
Fair a success, for the. glory of the
State.. . . . ' , .
Sleeping car reservations should be
made now, at the Denver and Rio Grande
R. R. Ticket Office.^No. 625. Market si. •
.If you are going to the St.' Louis Fair,
now is the time. ¦ '
Native Sons and Daughters.
John Whelden. the three and a
half months old son of Mr. and Mrs.
Edward Whelden of 1576 Turk street,
was taken suddenly yesterday morn
ing with convulsions and died within
a few minutes thereafter. The infant
was asleep on a pillow on a lounge
and at 9:45 a. m. the attention of
Mrs. Whelden was attracted by a
gurgling and choking sound. She
looked toward the infant and saw that
it was black in the face and that its
little hands were twitching. Snatch
ing it In her arms, she ran to Poeh
ner's drug store, corner of Pierce and
Turk streets, half a block away. When
she reached the store the baby was
dead. . v .
Mrs. Whelden was of the impression
that the child may have picked up a
button and swallowed it. The autopsy
by Morgue Surgeon Bacigalupi showed
that there was.no foreign body pres
ent in or near the windpipe of the
child.
Infant Son of Mrs! "Whclden Turns
Black in the Face and Expires
In Mother's Arms.
LITTLE BABY BOY
DIES IN CONVULSIONS
Those of the committee who are in
the city, will accompany the guests to
the famous vineyards. Among others
invited, to join the party are President
Benjamin- Ide Wheeler, A. W. Foster,
R. X. -Ryan, Rufus P." Jennings,
Charles S.' Fee, C.' H. Markham, W. A.
Bissell;*A.' H. Payson, Judge Morrow,
Judge Angellotti, Hon., George, C. Per
kins and Captain Charles F.- Baker.
The Filipino commissioners to the
St. Louis World's Fair are to be en
tertained on Sunday by the Italian-
Swiss Colony at Asti.- The visitors
will have the advantage of seeing the
vines loaded down with luscious
grapes and the Astl world wonder
500,000 gallon tank. k
A. Sbarboro was asked yesterday
whether he intended to teach the
Filipino commissioners how to make
wine and humorously replied that he
did not know, but would teach them
how to drink it.
The committee on entertainment of
the Filipinos numbers Governor
George. C. Pardee, Mayor Schmitz,
George A. Newhall, Frank J. Syrames,
A. A. Watkins. A. Sbarboro, William
Babcdck; N. P. Chipman, Major C. A.
Devol, '. Rear Admiral . William H.
.Whiting and E. Scott among its mem
bers. ¦•• • . . • . .
Italian-Swiss Colony lias Invited Dis
tinguished Visitors to Partake of
Asti's Hospitality.
FILIPINO COMMISSIONERS
TO BE ENTERTAINED
The seventeenth Grand Council of
the Catholic Ladie3* Aid Society will
convene at Santa Maria del Mar. Santa
Cruz. Tuesday, August 30. Following
is a list of the grand officers and dele
gates:
Past prard president, Mrs. Margaret Deane:
Kranrl president, Mis3 Mary Carr; first vice
president. Mrs. J. J. Noonan; second vice
president. Mrs. A. B. Ward; erand secretary
and treasurer. Mips Mary Conlin: grand di
rector? — Mrs. T. P. Hogan. Miss E. McLaren.
Mi.^s A. <*. Dwyer, Misw Mabel Benjamin. Mrs.
T. Peckham. Miss* K. F. Byrne. Mrs. C. Ha-
Kan. Mrs. O. S. Carvlll. Mrs. D. F. Ragan,
Mrs. \V. Tonor, Mrs. Hugh Hogan.
Delegates: No. 1. Oakland— Mrs. J. McAllis
ter, Mrs. J. McClanashan, Mi^s K. Mahar,
Mrs. J. B. McDonald; No. 2. San Francisco —
Mrs. T. Prenilergast. Mrs. M. Gorham. Mrs.
M. J. Griffin, Mrs. J. Croom; No. Alameda
—Miss Emaline Doyle, Miss B. Gallagher. Miss
B. Jollymour. Miss A. Ryer; No. 6. Gilroy —
Miss Evelyn Casey. Mrs. Mary P. Fitzgerald.
Miss Nellie Fitzgerald. Mrs. Thomas Lynn;
No. 7. Stockton— Mrs. M. Collins. Mrs. M. Nu
nan; No. 8. San Francisco — Mrs. M. Derrick.
Mrs. L. Birdsley, Miss M. Sullivan: No. !>.
Berkeley — Mrs. R. W. Hunt. Mrs. K. C. Fin
ney; No. 10, San Francisco — M1;>b M. Byrnes,
Miss Sullivan Mrs. S. McFadden; No. 11.
San Francisco-^-Mn». E. O'Neill. Miss M. Gar
ety. Miss M. McBride. Miss C. Clark; No. 13.
Santa Cruz— Mrs, E. Mangels? Mrs. L. J. Mor
pan. Mrs. J. Kenchte. Mrs. FJenbe; No. 1!».
San Francisco — Mrs. P. J. White. Mrs. W. J.
Thompson: No. 2<\ San Francisco — Dr. E.
I^ynch Mrs K. Lyons. Mrs. M. K. Moore,
Mm T. Jacobs; No. 21. Holllster— Mrs. M. J.
Breen. Miss* Agnes HuUner, Mrs. T. W. Burke,
Mrs. L. Coffin; No. 22, Santa Rosa— Mrs. Fltts.
Miss M. Regan. Mr*. Roberta. Mrs. Bernard i;
No. 2.1. Petaluma — Mrs>. B..J. Connolly: No.
24. San' Rafael — Mrs. J. Larkln; No. 25. San
Francjsco — Mrs. Gains, Mrs. Hemingway: No.
27, Oakland — Mrs. T. Whelan. Mrs. J. Gar
~.« M«». t. Cprroll. Mrs. J. G. Phelc».
Seventeenth Grand Council Will De
liberate at Santa Maria Del Mar
Tuesday Next.
CATHOLIC LADIES' AID
SOCIETY TO COXVEXE
HOME FROM VACATION.— Assistant United
States District Attorney Ben L. McKinley has
returned from a month's vacation in the wilds
of Mendoclno County.
Faded hair recovers its youthful color and
softnes« by the use of Parker's Hair Balaam.
Parker'a Ginger Tonic cures Inward pains •
As the time approaches for the ar
rival of th«» Sovereign Grand Lodge of
:he Independent Order of Odd Fellows
io hold its session in this city next
month the executive committee having
charge of the reception of the officers
.;nd delegates to the supreme body of
the order is busying itself preparing
the details for the week that the visit
ors from all parts of the Union and
Canada ar? to be in this city. This
.-•nd the general committee at its last
rr«eetingr adopted tJie following pro
gramme of events:
Monday. September 19, there will be
a reception at the Pavilion, followed in
the evening by a programme of en
tertainment, including instrumental
and vocal music, specialties and ad
dresses, as well as a promenade con
cert and a ball.
Other details for the week will be
presented at the next meeting of the
executive committee.
San Francisco Drill Corps No. 2 of
the Rebekahs, Captain Allie Parker
rommanding, will take an active part
in the celebration. This organization
v ill give a grand ball In Union Square
Hall this evening:, at which time the
»orps will give an exhibition drill.
Monday: 9 a. m. — Kecepticn to Sovereign
Irand Lcdfe. • CUd Fellows' Hull; addresses
by Mayor of Sen Francisco, grand Wre. deputy
}rran<i sire, jrrand master, grand i>atriar< h and
other*. '.<::'•» a. m. — Patriarch* Militant e»
fort Rrarnl <.''Scers and iepr« a > ; ''ntativt ! j to Na
tive Sons' Hall; IK a. m. — Opening session
Sovereign Grand Lodse, Native Son*' Hall; 2
p. m. — < "cnc«-rt. Mechanics' Pavilion; s p.
m. — Public reception. Mechanics' Pavilion.
Tu^day: 10 a. m. — Flltieth session of the
Grand Encampment of California, Odd Fellows'
Hall. 10 a. m. — Session of the Sovereign Grand
l^jtige. Native Sons' Hall. "Rebekah day,' 1
Uechftnics' Pavilion, exercises afternoon . and
ev^nlntf.
Wednesday: 3 a. m.- — Excursion on the bay.
returning at 4 p. m. 10 a', m. — Session of the
Sovereign Grand I^j.ige.^ Native Sons' Hall.
10 a. m. — Grand Encampment of California.
<idd Fellomi' Hall. 2 i>. m— Competitive drills
\y cantons of Patriarchs Militant, Mechanic*'
Pavilion. .1 ;•. in.— Uren jwrade. Patriarchs
Militant. Mechanics' Pavilion. S p. m. — Dec-o
ration of chivalry. Mechanics' Pavilion, it p.
m — Oooueit. Mechanics' Pavilion.
Thursday: 1<> a. m. — S^ssicn of Sovereign
Grand IaxJs*. Native Sons' Hall: 2 p. -ta. —
OocBpetttfvs drills. Patriarchs Militant. Me
chanics' Pavilion. ~> p. m. — Dres-a parade. Pa
(r:arch<= Militant. Mechanics' Pavilion. *8 p.
m. — Grand decoration of chivalry. Mechanics'
Pavilion. 0 p. m. — Concert. Mechanics' Pa
vilion.
Friday: 30 a. m. — Grand parade. 1 p. m
Beaataa of the Sovereign Grand Lodge, Native
Sens' Hall. 2 i>. m. — Concert, Mechanics' Pa
vilion. 3 p. m. — Diess parade of Patriarchs
Militsr.t. Mechanics' Pavilion. S p. ni.
Awardinp prlres. Mechanics' Pavilion, 'dp.
nv — Grand tall. Mechanics' Pavilion.
At. the reception on Monday at the
The following complaints were filed
to-day: Anna Nelson from Samuel
Nelson for failure to provide; Jane E.
Stratton from Wallace C. Stratton for
desertion, find George Grunwald from
Lillie May Grunwald for desertion.
Theodpre Miller was given a divorce
from Ella M. Miller on the ground of
neglect.
A divorce was granted G. G. Ken
nedy from H. E. Kennedy on the
ground of desertion. They were mar
ried in Troy, N. Y., in 1876. and the
husband disappeared in Oakland in
1901.
Judpre Hunt, in the Superior Court,
granted a decree of absolute divorce
yesterday to Myrtle May Bosworth
from her husband, George Bosworth.
The plainttff sued for divorce on the
grounds of uncleanly personal habits
and extreme cruelty. Later desertion
was added to the complaint. Bos
worth disappeared, leaving his rent
unpaid.
» •
On the Grounds of Cruelty and De
sertion and XcKlect, Respectively,
Throe Obtain Freedom.
Odd Fellows' building the president
of the day will be Past Grand Master
R. H. Lloyd. Mayor Schmitz will wel
come the officers and members of the
Sovereign Grand Lodge. There will
also be addreses by Grand Master Lin
scott, Past Grand Master W. H.Barnes
and Mrs. Dora L. Gardner, president
of the California Assembly of Re
bekahe. There will be a response by
the grand sire, after which there will
b.» an adjournment to the Native Sons'
Hall, where the business of the session
will commence.
During the musical exercises that
are to be given in the Mechanics' Pa
vilion on Monday night there will be
choruses by 300 voices and one of the
principal singers of the evening will
be Miss Lulu Purlinky, the well
known contralto.
On Tuesday the Rebekah branch of
the order will have full Lway.
JUDGE HUNT GRANTS
DIVORCES TO PETITIONERS
Visit our newly fitted art rooms: New
collections of the very latest things in
pictures and frames. Everything for ttie
artist and lover of art. Sanborn. Vail &
Co.. 741 Market at. *j
Art Notes.
CAPTAIN OF SAN FRANCISCO DRILL
CORPS REBKKAHS, AND YOUNG
LADY SINGER.
vailed upon her to bring suit in the
hope that she might secure compen
sation and that the time limit for her
appeal had expired according to tha
statute of limitations.
Gately of the Palace Hotel. The wit
nesses examined were Dr. George H.
Martin, Corporal George W. Russell,
Captain W. J. Peterson and Policeman
H. E. Green of Oakland; Miss Nora,
Kennealy, Mrs. Minnie L. Whitney
and Dr. Bacigalupi.
The District Attorney offered to read
the testimony of Mrs. Coit taken at
the preliminary hearing before Police
Judge Fritz, but Attorney George D.
Collins objected on technical grounds.
The Judge held that sufficient evidence
had been adduced to satisfy the court
that Mrs. Coit was not within the juris
diction of the court, but he wanted to
hear from counsel as to the other ob
jections. As Judge Fritz is sick and
S. Bloom, his court stenographer, failed
to appear, the case was continued until
Monday morning.
Rev. Edward Bently Church was for
years grand chaplain of California
Commander)', Knights Templar.
Rev. .Edward Bently Church, founder
of Irving Institute and a prominent
Knight Templar, died at Pasadena yes
terday. The clergyman-schoolmaster
had retired from active life two years
ago, his health having been broken by
overwork.
Dr. Church was born in Greenville,
Mo., September 4, 1844. He came to
California in 1S69, where he soon be
came prominent as an educator. He
was principal and instructor in several
private schools.
In 1S81 Church founded the Irving
Institute in this city. This institution
is one of the best known schools for
girls in the country. Though his work
as an educator was enough to keep an
ordinary man busy, he found time to
attend to his clerical duties besides.
He was once assistant at' Trinity
Church and afterward of St. Luke's.
This zealous activity culminated in a
collapse two years ago and Church was
compelled to resign his position at the
institute.
Since that time he has been livfng
quietly at Pasadena. There he con
tracted pneumonia a few days ago. His
system, overtaxed by the active life he
had led, could not withstand the dis
ease.
The management of the Irving Insti
tute he turned over to Mr. and Mrs.
George H. Kellogg when he retired.
They will continue to conduct it.
Founder of the Irving
Institute Dies at
Pasadena.
THE REV. EDWARD BENTLEY
CHURCH WHO DIED YESTER
DAY AT PASADENA.
Upon this view the Judge decided to
hear arguments next Monday, when
he will probably settle, the question of
the deposition and set the trial for
hearing.
Judge Coffey said the only question
was as to whether Miss Warren's con
dition is such as to make an order to
proceed with her testimony proper. If
the doctor was to be believed the ac
tion might be perilous to her health,
and he did not believe the contestants
would care to drive . her out of her
mind.
Mrs. Adeline Copeland, a notary,
testified that she had been called to
Mr. Pillsbury's office to verify Miss
Warren's answer to the Schander con
test. She said that Miss Warren "was
pallid, nervous and unfit." When
asked to explain her statement she de
clared that "it is difficult to make a
man understand a woman's condition
In that shape."
C. Barretta, a jeweler, testified that
Miss Warren and another woman
came to his establishment on August
13 and 16 and made purchases of
jewelry.
Sam Valenzuela, the last witness, af
forded some insight as to methods in
serving summons and some amuse
ment in his explanations. He said he
went to Miss Warren's house with a
summons for her to appear, before a
•notary. He wore a messenger's cap,
unlettered, however, and when the
nurse came to the door said that he
"had a message which he must give
Mi.-s Warren personally." She came
downstairs, dressed in black, and he
handed her the summons.
This evidence seemed to interest
Judge Coffey and he questioned the
young man at length. The boy said
he was in the business of serving sum
monses in difficult cases. He" admitted
that he frequently used disguises and
said: "When I go to those rich houses
the nurse always answers the door and
I have to look like a messenger to
get next."
The answer raised a laugh. When
the Judge asked the boy if he was em
ployed by any company, he replied
that he had a company of his .own.
At the end of the examination At
torney Pillsbury renewed his motion
that the case be set for trial. Hiram
Johnson asked that all the evidence
and the affidavits heretofore submitted
be considered by the court. Albert
Johnson asked the court to order Miss
Warren to show cause why she. should
not be punished for contempt and re
quire her to give a deposition.
DEFENSE DOESXT NEED, HER.
Mr. Pillsbury suggested that the ad
ministrators would go to trial without
Miss Warren's presence, and Mr.
Johnson retorted that such a proceed
ing would indeed be "inhuman," con
sidering that the executors were de
fending her interests as the chief resi
duary legatee of the estate.
Dr. Lewitt first visited Miss Warren
on August 8 and between the 3d and
that date he did not know of any one
having attended her. He said she was
suffering from the effects of the
shock. She is evidently much better,
but her mental condition is such that
a severe strain might bring on col
lapse. Her nervous system is upset
and will probably continue so for sev
eral weeks. The doctor thought she
might stand a short examination if it
were not exciting, but he was not in
clined to say that she might appear
in court under a few weeks, nor ap
pear in a private office for a deposition,
in which the cross-examination might
txcite her.
Hiram Johnson cross-examined Dr.
Lewitt and learned that he had ad
vised Miss Warren to take as much
daily exercise as possible and that he
knew she had made trips downtown,
accompanied by her nurse. It was
brought out, on the admission of At
torney Pillsbury, that Miss Warren
had visited his office twice.
NERVOUS AND UNFIT.
SUFFERS FROM SHOCK!
«. witness of Bertha Dolbeer's dreadful
death. Ho was acting for Dr. Lewitt,
who was absent. Miss Warren was in
a nervous condition, but continued to
improve until August 3, when he
ceased his visits.
Three points were involved in the
hearing before Judge Coffey— the
physical and mental condition of Etta
Warren, the demand of the Schander
side that her deposition be taken be
fore the case is set for trial and the
insistence of the attorneys of the ad
ministrators that the trial be set for
an early date.
After the examination Judge Coffey
said he would hear arguments on
Monday afternoon. He intimated that
he might deal more directly upon the
illness if the person involved were a
man. but under the circumstances he
had to believe the testimony of the
woman's physician.
Dr. C. C. Wadsworth was the first
witness. He attended Miss Warren
and was present at the time she ar
rived from New York, where she was
Etta Marion Warren's physical
health is "fair," according to the ex
pert testimony of her physician, Dr.
Yi\ B. Lewitt, given in Judge Coffey's
court yesterday morning. To outward
appearances an ordinary person might
say that the woman who has left the
major portion of Bertha M. Dolbeer's
fortune is enjoying perfect health.
But Dr. lewitt says his patient is
recovering from a nervous shock and
that the ordea" of an appearance "in
court or bofore a notary for a depo
sition might cause a collapse.
The trial of Alexander B. Garriett,
charged with the murder of fcjajor J.
"W. McClung in the Palace Hotel on
November 25, was continued before a
jury in Judge Lawlor's court yester
day afternoon. The defendant did not
seem to take much interest in the pro
ceedings.
A large part of the session was taken
up by District Attorney Byington's
opening address to the jury. In suc
cinct fashion and without attempt at
oratory he recalled the principal de
tails of the crime and outlined the
State's case against Garnett.
District Attorney Byington said that
Mrs. Lillian $1. Colt occupied rooms
in the . Palace Hotel and was ac
quainted with the defendant, who fre
quently visited her. Ten days prior to
| November 25 Garnett and Mrs. Coit
had a* dispute while playing bridge
whist in her rooms. He made use of
vulgar language and she told him to
leave, as she would have nothing fur
ther to do with him. He wrote her
'several notes, tendering an apology,
but she did not reply.
About 4 o'clock in the afternoon of
November 25 . Major McClung called
upon Mrs. Coit and in a few minutes
Garnett appeared in the doorway. Mrs.
Coit told him to leave the room, and
Garnett said to McClung: "Major, leave
the room."
Mrs. Coit asked McClung not to leave,
and Garnett said: "Major, leave the
room; I came to see this lady."
Garnett drew a pistol from his pocket
and advanced toward Mrs. Coit. Mc-
Clung seized "Garnett's uplifted arm
and was shot by Garnett.
McClung said, "I am desperately
wounded," and Gsrnett said to Mrs.
Coit:" "Woman, I have come for an
apology and I mean to shoot you."
She begged him not to kill her, tell
ing him to remember what her mother
had done for him. He retorted that
he had done as much for her. Mrs.
Coit went to the telephone and Gar
nett followed her and prevented her
from using it. Mrs. Coit again begged
him not to shoot her, and he said:
"Well. I have killed McClung, but I
won't kill you."
Garnett left the room and went to
Mrs. Whitney's room, telling her he
had shot* McClung. Miss Nora Ken
nealy, a servant, called Dr. Martin,
who found McClung lying on a lounge.
McClung died the following day.
After making his statement the Dis
trict [Attorney called the following wit
nesses to prove that Mrs. Coit was not
within the jurisdiction of the court,
so that her testimony, taken at the
preliminary hearing, could be read to
the jury: Detective T. L. Ryan, I. W.
Hellman Jr., Captain J. B. Martin, At
torney H. W. Bradley and Richard A.
Several Witnesses Are Ex
amined, but Xone Saw Shot |
Fired at Major McClungj
Judge Coffey to Hear Argu
ments on Monday as to Her
Ability to Give Evidence
BORDERS OX HYSTERICS
MURDER CASE RESU3IED
Dr. Lewitt Says Her Ap
pearance in Court Might
Cause a Mental Collapse
Alexander B. Gametes Fate ;
Depends on Introduction
of : Mrs. Coit's Testimony j
FIGHTS AGAINST
A DEPOSITION
ETTA WARREN'S
MIND AN ISSUE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST" 27/ 1905.
WELL-KNOWN
CLERGYMAN
PASSES AWAY
How the Sovereign Grand Lodge Officers and the
Representatives Are to Be Received, Welcomed
and Entertained the Last Days of Next Month
ODD FELLOWS' COMMITTEES
ADOPT PROGRAMME OF EVENTS
16
Colored Waists at 25c
The biggest waist bargain of the year.
L For it's the last of a splendid 50c line, j
w w « j.' good quality percale, pretty patterns, front
|f 3.1© S and back trimme d" with tucks and box
1 pleats, large sleeves, standing collar, with
tabs. Maybe enough for all day. We would advise buying in
the morning. •
Other waists at 48c that were 75c and at 55c that were 95c. Good
styles, in percales, RinRhams and madras.
Some Children's New Dresses, colored and in white
lawn, just come from New York. Some even as low priced, as
75c. You will be surprised at their quality. and style. These
are colored. Lawn dresses at 95c to $2.95. If the little girl needs
a new dress ask us to show you these while you are here look-
ing at the waists. --¦:. i .
Stockings This neivs will interest you.
For wonien and children. If You Want Veils
Buy to-day and save. It's another F here's ve in n£?
Saturday, another stocking day at *° r hcre S Vt^ Z ' *
Hale's. At 75c; ZVOTth Up to $1.50.
w XS!dB <H SS lf>^Su ] a. a^?S^, Bed At. 9 8c; worth up to $2.w.
Snd^elMtlV wtt C h"««ri i r 1 ?St v J- r lde The^re lace pattern veils to be used
dSuble soles heel^nrt^^sS 1^ for *»«•¦<»¦ hat drapes. If we had
Instead of *6e bought them for regular stock they
wrnnm-r^Lw . .,,,. would be at regular prices.
Sefmlefl &ft "bla?^" 0^£7w, Fanc >'' n * u " d - dotted and *> laln
mad^ from wrt ?ifu^ rt v^ 1 ?, 88 ' mesh velIa with borders and ends fln-
™t?on exTra lone Sd SaS?^™, 0 ished with fancy flower designs in
We sSiel hee s fnd to/..* -i,;« s^" H°n J ton braid. XH yards long; all
me soies heels and toes, sizes 8% whi te. all black, black on white, white
Children's Stockings, 12^4 pr«— n WacK *
Seamless, fast black cotton, fine •/?*- ' /- j t- r>
ribbed, long and elastic, double A A dV Candy T 0-Day.
hoels and toes; sizes 6 to 10. 15c . .. . ... * _- -.
value at i2^c P r. Apricot Nougat, 35c lb.
Children's Stockinsr«. I5c pr -*, . , , a ** . . ,,, ,
Fine ribbed cotton stockings, fast" It s a richly flavored candy, filled
black, long and elastic, made from with nuts, special for Saturday,
hard twisted maco cotton, double -»- c \u
5ii CS to h 9 C H S and tOeS: a " SiZ " fr ° m Stuffed Dates, 10c box-Stuffed with
Infant.' Stockton. 19Ue pr^- Walnuts an^a^lnionda.
l-'ine ribbed, fast black cotton ones. Nf*w Dr#»«rf*»n I?ihhrin
with a lisle thread finish: soles. i^CW Ureblien KIDDOll
heels and toes double; all sizes. 4 Jo S->|| at 22c
to 6 - 12^°_PZ! Instead of 40c yard.
50 Clothes Pins, 4c. „ Its one of thc:e with shadowv
flowers printed on the warp. A
The good, old-fashioned kind. rich desipn. Rose buds, with creen
Not 'culls, but every one perfect, foliage.: So --tural. It seems most
50 for 4c. Downstairs to-day. They « though the flowers themselves
just hint at why many more women iL a . ve beetrpressed mto^the weave,
are coming to Hale's regularly are heId in b y a satin
when they need house helps. £? g e ",v.v • * 1 u » 1 ,
The ribbon is 4 in. wide. A lovely qual-
r~A £ST JJBF *tMT lty - The immense number of other
wB^ff^=^w/ j-hj, £g/ fg. rlbhnns we bought from this
/JESThIw /^Sse* OLa 4$^ <^S3 maker hnd lots tn do with making
j£sf — -^^""^ At 10c yd. — Plain taffeta ribbon. No.
"<U» t^'Se fiWJMX 1^ 40. in pink. blue, white, cream.
-, , ¦¦ «,T"**~; -it ~ *,. . cardinal, black and nile.
Market Street, Near Sixth. And well tie all bows free.
MAItKS_BKOS.
We Intend Making the
6th Day
ot this Great Sacrifice Sale of
Flatows Stock the Biggest,
Busiest Day ot the Sale. We've
therefore marked the balance
ot the goods at Less than
50c on the Dollar
The prices at to-day's sale are not
proportioned to values - these sacrifice
safe prices simply express our desire to
clear out the balance stock with the ut-
most rapidity as Fall Goods are arriving
daily and we must have the room.
Stock Collars
-g mm ecru only; 35c
IOC quality.
Cape Collars p «£ «~
g~\ ma Lace Cape Collars for
95c
AlIIO V6IIS These Chiffon Auto Veils
are 3 yards long; they're
r^Lf\r~- the dollar kind.
HrQnO VoilC Chiffon Veils now the
UlUUu lUllO popular fad for hat
¦ drapes are 1*J yards
O SZ s** long. The style that
'%} \^ formerly sold for 45c.
Women's Black Hos3, plain or Rib Top
made to sei.Ii Sacrifice sale
At 25C price, 15c.
Women's Importei All-Over Lace Hose
made to seli, Sacrifice sale
At 5OC price, 35c.
WnmPfl \ In thls l ot are
If UNION 0 high neck. lon K or
¦ II llf-_| lf_^i ha " sleeve Vests,
All-WOOl VeStS 1^^
Colors, pink, gray
uU/> and white; pants
V#C/w to match.
Children's Vests TFt^dt
__ Vests, in whlta
-or srray: sold
O O W f or 5 °c and 85c.
Pants to match.'
Toffftfo Dlhhnn Heay y Taffeta Rib-
laneia KiDDon *$%S3*
Per Yard 8c
101 IUIU VJV flee sale price Sc.
03tlD nlDDOn :Sa«n Taffeta Wash
; - Ribbon.. 4% Inches
f Qf> wide; the 35c kind.
MARKS BROS.
The Home of Honest Values.
1220-1224 Market Street
ADVERTISEMENTS.
RICH OR FOOR-YOU NEED TEETH v
No^one, old enough to know better, should
be neglectful cf that most vital and useful
organ of the human system — th» teeth — the
very guards to the gateway of health.
SOZODONT
TOOTH POWDER
should be found on the toilet table of every
one, be he rich cr pcor. It will net tarnish
gold work nor scratch the enamel. A per-
fect dentifrice — the one fcr you.
3 FORMS: LIQUID. POWDER PASTE.
The more purely negative soap is,
the nearer does it approach perfection.
Unless you have used Pears' soap
you probably do not know what we
mean by a soap with no free fat or al-
kali in it — nothing but soap.
Established over loo year*.
igp Dr. R.L. Walsh
" yfffi^S*" ** as Moved
'from 847
Geiry to
580 GEARY ST.
Reduced Rates for Thirty Days.
Painless Extraction 23o
Fillings 50o K
Crowns $2.00 to S5.0O
Plate Work $3.00 to S25.0O
Look for this ad. each other day.
4 gp^Every Woman
p\ c2iY\ Aj^Ia » bout th8 wonderful
VV^WSKJMR MARVEL Whirling Spray
vi\t^tKCJ9£^fc9w ti<man<i Surtion. ti«st — s»f- ».-
i«k jtmr draft 1 ** *»' •*• \>. JSB. —*£^*^*~**~ '
If he cannot mpply the \/. /S^^C^VS
othrr, but s»nd itanip for 5SSfc #^ / /-/.;\^£ i
illnstrmted txx>k-»#«f**. Itclre* JQ. M ' *¦ jr t
fnUp«rUcnl»r«»ndrtire«!«n» tn- AJJ , / M j
Talnnblc to ladtea *l AllVKt CO.,"{J, 9
41 Park B«w, Sew l«rk* mi*x£j2r • ;,
132 Xew Montgomery. San Francisco. Ca!. !
William Hatteroth (Ladles* Dept.). 224 Sutter^
Union T>raz Co.. 400 Sutter and 100 Stockton./
Os?ood Brothers... "th and Broadway. Oakland.*
Baldwin Pharmacy. 119 Ellis;
||||||i Parkers" i !
WmFt$ Balsam :
• ; iTomotes tbe growth of. tie hair asd ! '
! ; gives It tlie lustre andsiJ5iseE3Cf ycntli. | ',
! ; Wben the balr Is gray or faded it 5 ,
J BRINGS BACX THE YOUTHFUL COLOR. J \
J It prevents Dandruff and hair faring ] ! 1
{ and keeps the scalp clean and healt&y. J ! 1
[(wrrrcDgl CURB SICK HEADACHE.
UAKItttO «... n
Kittle Genuine Must Bear
ifil VER Fac-Simile Signature
H PILLS. • {
V ADVERTISEMENTS.
k|/- Direct from Europe, the Largest Line
M of Imported WASTE PAPER and "W
CJ^k CLOTHES HAMPER BASKETS ever shown. >|
Njgpgeagegi^gO Plain Baskets— Brautifully Shapsd Baskets— Colors ml
x -*XjS|^ 8 gP^JF*' to mitch ths fumitare or lint; o: any room. wnj
K'^^^m, WASTE PAPER. BASKETS . . . |
j^^^^^^K • • * 5c, $ 1 , $ 1 .50, $2, up to $5 ma
||||l|g^g|||\ HAMPERS $3 to $15 jr
K f^^^^^^^^^^^^^ oxtttit lists wow beady. Yx