typical of ¦, a'; London v : theater and;Jts
people. She. had gone there as a fa 8 . 1
resource. v ' Pennile?3,v friendlesB.'^Ehc
knew not.v.hither.to turn for shelter or v
for bread. , Pride' had carried her .from
her quiet 'home: in EXeter; '.pride .for
bade a. return to" its inhospitable por
tals. "She ,came, to the theater ,as' v to
some final ' tfrbiinal Avhich would "pro
nounce a verdict of the supreme., mo
ment.. So mpch she had hoped ofjt, so
greatly believed those fabulous tales of
Its .opportunities., and ¦ rewards. And
now she;stood.in this vulgar company,
where every .word |arrp"diipon a sensi
tive ear, "and" the rouged cheeks,' the
brazen* gestures and the laughing pen
ciled eyes/spoke- of a world cf .which
she had. not even dreamed. ; Vain. er
rand, Jndeed; Londbh's solitude was
more kind than this'place or blank;de
spair. ";i Esther would have drawn back
even'; then^,had the 'throng 'permitted.
But the crowd' was too deep and' firmly'
wedged iri the narrow passage. .'A'cora
rnissionaire hadv all ; he, could . do to
maintain - even a ..little ; discipline •''. In
"those"; serried' ..ranks...:. .;....; „ . . .. . ;.
' "Come/, young ladies," he said," kind
ly > enough, ."pushing- .won't help you.
don't you think ; it \ will. First come,
first , served; that's - our motto, - The
things to learn about the profession,
miss, and no mistake neither! 'Tisn't
all what the people in front see of it,
believe me. You ask Clara-over- there
what, they -paid: her. for fourteen calls
at the Temple, and notices upon the
Saturday. Oh, it was different when I
first began. Every young lady.ididn't
want to play the lead then . and rob
poor girls of their daily bread. .As true
as the Lord's above me, I've been
twenty-two weeks waiting for this job,
and here I am no better than the rest,
and just as likely to' wait twenty
more. 1 !
. "Don't frighten the ypung lady," said
another, less pessimistic and' more vul-'
gar; "she's a!l right, she. is— they want
.'tails' fox the front rotf. and she's Just
the. height. I could have gone on last
May If I'd abin as tall as she is; but
.there, it's. always something. Come to
that, I shall drive a chariot at 'the
Folly, and a pretty job. too. at sixteen
.a week and shout your lungs out. Oh,
the profession, what's it coming to, I
don't know! " . .
. "It's the amatoors as ruins it,", said a
substantial lady, who obviously suf
fered much by reason or the heat.
"Just think, my dear, here I am away
.from home^at nine, and eleven o'clock's
gone and my glass of stout with, it!
What I'm going to do, I really don't
know." - . ,. • . '• '¦ -' \
¦ She volunteered, other, information,
both about the'number of her children
and the importance of those occasions
upon \ which she had L caused her hus
band- to 'make a distressing appear
ance before a magistrate.' 'Esther
Venn, drawing • back ashamed for' the
publicity : which was' thrust *upon her,
wondered if tftase dreadful people 'were
THIS is the first install!
merit of "Dr. Xavierc v
Max Pemberton's* well
known novel of mystery and
advent ure. The story 'deals
with the adventures of
Esther Venn. who. plain of
feature, friendless, and in ab
solute want in the mighty
maelstrom of London life, is
transformed, through the art
of Dr. Xavier. into the iei<ni
ing beauty of the- Paris sa
lons. n\\<\ a bride of royalty.
Who Dr. Xavier is. andVhat
the objects of his almost
magical machinations with
respect to Esther Venn are.
form elements of mystery
which hold the interest and
susiK'iiso of the, reader at
high tension until the final
denouement.
The. story will be published
complete, with illustrations,
in four installments.
C'cpjTiJht by Jlar Pembertcn.
CHATTER L
THE press about the door of the
theater increased as the day wore
on; and many of those waiting In
the front ranks of the queue gave
place to new-comers and aban
doned their advantage. It was a" hot
day of July, and tn© sun poured down
fiercely upon the torrid steps of the
Strand. Whirling dust and the-veno
mous breath of the drc-ught bore wit
ness to the enduring heat and its har
vest of flagging energies and leaden
steps. The bevy of young girls linger
ing about the Eta?e-door of the Casino
Theater envied its sisters who had
gained admission to the Bneitered ce-r
ridor, and waited thc;r turn before the
dread tribunal. Voices were to be tried
to-day; new engagements made for the
great' dramatic spectacle which should
delight London during the autumn
months. Advertisements for artists at
tracted many aspirants. From su
burban purlieus, from offices, from re
mote country parsonages, even from
the kitchen and the scullery; the,
would-be famous came. Ail types, all
conditions of girlhood and womanhood
were to be observed in the throng. Be
draggled mothers, abandoning hope
upon the threshold, tout too weak to
draw back, stood elbow -to' elbow with
stylish "foubrettcs" trained to the
business and vulgar in- their display.
Timid creatures hid -.tnelr faces and
seemed already ' asharried of their mis
sion. But here, and there, one frankly
ambitious spoke of chance and oppor
tunity, of her great desire to "appear,"
and of her belief in a vocation. But
for the most part, a tacit truce of ri
valry prevailed. Each knew that the
other's gain might -be her loss. The
battle was often for" bread. " . : .•
Esther Venn had arrived at the ther
ter at a quarter past ten. and flndirys
many already in the corridor bef</re
her. she took a place by the iron gajtes
and waited patiently until she m^ght
be called. Tall and countrified and
very quietly dressed, she was at *nce
the subject of remark; and the pqlodle
dc-s which sat so patiently upon, the
edge of her skirt did not escape some
pleasant comment from tha Vght
hearted girls who would have \ade
friends with him. Some said, not X"
kindly, that dogs nowadays earn more
"money upon the stage than human be
ings, while on* dark-«yed beauty from
Clapham expressed the opinion that if
justice were done she would be riding
in a- carriage with a King Charles
spaniel upon her knee. To these and
others Esther answered with what
kindness she could, that the dog would
never leave her: and being strange to
London she had thought it would be
,no harm .to^take hhn to the theater—a
confession which provoked same merri
ment and not a little instructive chat
ter. ~
¦ "Ah," said "on*,." -you'll: Have many
theater. \von> run" away, so there's "no
need for you tu fobk so' sharp' after it.
Stand back there .and, keep quiet, will
you?" ¦'..:
His" "last : vord3 were addressed in
severer tones to a forward girl in the
second rani:, -"-who related at quite un
necessary length and in nn exceeding'
ly unpleasant Voice the "precise circum
stances which had induced, her to re
fuse the part of principal boy in a
country pantomime. The difference of
opinion was at its height when the door
at the end of the corridor opened and
shut very quickly, and a slender girl
passing out with' buoyant step, the
commissionaire : astonished" Esther by
touching her upoh the shoulder, and
saying: . . ' ; ., ¦ -..''. '..''-;'-:>; 1- v *k:\V : 'GV;-',
"Your turn next, miss."
She had .waited" long, for this sum
mons; hut now when' the ordeal was at
hand and all t must be .won or lost in
one deciding',, moment, tl^s rashness of
her act and 'the 'improbability of suc
cess robbed h'erof that?' little self-pos
session "' which" remain'ed tocher. . i She
followed the, commissionaire \with fal
tering step, .'vainly packing her troubled
head for word 'or story "which 'should
help, her in such a dilemma.. Of.thea
trical management she knew nothing—;
her knowledge' of ; the stage was such
as she had learned from traveling com
panies^ as' a? spectator in a'.provinelal
theater.; The'dirn splendor, the tawdry
pretentiousness of the stagei.whi^b/.shje ;
now crossed revealed 4o T her thV^draped .
mysteries of an unknown", kingdom. " it
seemed ; to Esthcr'.'that she went down
into some pit, where the walls 'were
daubed; with sickly {(reen 'paint a^ndtha
sunshine -.veiled" 1 by 'whitewashed win
dows. The darkened theater oppressed
her with. ar sense /of . Its immensity..
Stalls and . galleries were.- covered;* up
by druggets,; each'of which might have
harbored Its': particular ghost: Flaring
gas jets ~ illuminated ¦ dusty: corners.-
Nothing was new.' nothing whole.' The ¦
'stage mahager's'frborn Helped thishar
mony {of .disorder. -. It Iwas .very'ppor,
very insufficient, very/dirty. The man
himselt'proved to. be; but an{ ordinary,
pcrsori.v • He jsat '.:¦ before^, a'f little .table
dictating letters to" a' driven clerk. A
third person stood; in'^a patch «"of "ha- \
dow "cast - by a crazy" screen, t and apr
peared ' anxious to disguise bia identity.
The- manager himself finished dictating
•hJs letter before he so much as noticed
Esther -or in any way -recognized her
presence. ; When he, did -so. It was-. to
stare at' her- for many- minutes, as he
¦would have • stared at some curiosity
.offered for purchase or, approval.
: '?.' Well,".- he, asked at length, in a
¦quick" restless way, "and who are you,
young lady ".".'-- ¦¦-. —
'.'My nameis Esther Venn." she said
quietly.. "I wrote to you about an en
gagement." . . , .¦ ;.v '*¦ '
. He "laughed softly — perhaps at the
idea that he should read a' letter 'of
Rhls kind.
"And is it for yourself or your dog
that you desire employment?"
Esther, answered quite frankly.
"Oh, which you please. I am sure my
dog will not refuse an engagement."
The -.retort- -amused . him, and he
stretched out a hand' to Deckon Mou
toh to his chair; but trie poodle, a
Judge of men, showed his teeth and
began. to growl. Esther held him firm
ly by. the collar; she was afraid of the
consequences.
"He don't like strangers." she said,
apologetically. "I'm afraid he's given
to first impressions." ' .
• "With a desire apparently to leave
them upon my calf! The dog is not en
gaged,, Miss — er, let me see, y.;u said
your name was-"
" "Esther Venn," she repeated quietly,
hushing Mouton at her feet: "Esther
Venn of Exeter." ;
' , ','Who' is now anxious to be Esther
Venn of the Casino "Theater. A com-
f rno'n ambition, young lady; I hope- you
have more than the common talents."
'"I should be very surprised if I had,"
said Esther/ In spite of herself. *.
\ ""Comer that's, riot a 'bad beginning.
Most of the people wlioc«me' here are
.Calyes. in disguise."! i Can you sing, at
;aii?"_ v -.. ;" ; r ' H. t'r V"'- **- : .^
'.¦.-''My'frierids say that^I can.", v
j ."Ah, one's friends generally do— when
one is listening! Have you brought any
•songs'?'' /-**;•¦;;¦.•¦; -,:V. : .:..; j..
* V*Xone;T)'ut I can' remember some?"
rVTb'fywir own accompaniments?"
"Oh, yes!" BE3
' "Then'goto the piano and do your
best."'*
He Indicated an open cottage piano
drawn across that corner of the' room
"which was nearest to the door, and
colrnposlng hlmiself in his chair he sat
like on« resigned to, a painful ordeal.
In spite :of her ready answers, Esther
was in such a state^f nervous agita
tion that* her. hands trembled when she
tried to draw off "her "glove's, and the
• few Introductory chords found her fin
gers heavy. as lead. Presently, however,
{ 8he began to sins a' dainty chansonetta
In a voice of singular freshnes* and
charm. Music was wont to carry her
out of herself, but its tpell' to-day
seemed absent, and she had no- heart
for it. Her singing was without verve
or. any depth of expression; she' knew,
its shortcomings: Perhaps an antici
pation of failure already deprived , her
of the will to make an effort. She un
derstood the consequences of refusal.
If she did not obtain an engagement
this very day, to-morrow might, find
her without a roof above her head. Sh*
said that she must do her best; and
-saving it she did her worst. The freea
ing tones in which 'she had been com
manded to sing were in some measure
responsible for this. She felt already
that she hated the perfumed and larded
man who sat at the writing-table. And
his friend, the unknown, who stood in
the shadow of the screen, what was ha
doing there? Esther believed that h»
came out while she was singing and
stpod at the table. It was quite a relief
when a voice said —
"Thank you, that Is enough.**
The unknown was In the shadow*
again when she rose from tho piano.
"It's shocking. Isn't It?" she ex
claimed, with a hard laugh. "I really
think I left my voice In ExeteV." .
Otto Hemming, the manager, did not
take the same view; he was more cour
f'teous—Indeed, almost deferential when
she had ceased to sing. She knew that
she had done very badly, and could not
understand it at all. For an Instant
she really believed that the coveted en
gagement was hers. The I man was
quite polite.
' "You have a pretty voice but it needs
training." he said, in a way that sQ
felt to be not altogether unflattering.
"I suppose you have haa a local mas
ter?" ..w
•."I was taught by, a. poor Frenchman
at . a . half a - crown a lesson. ' Major
Venn, my father, died when I was a
child." she replied quietly. "There. is
not any conservatoire'', in Exeter, at
least, none that. I could •afford, to at
tend. 'My stepfather,' keeps '.tha library
there—" ; ', '
"I see; your pages were in
waiting. And so .you thought; you'd"
cbrneto London to make a living on
-the stage?"
"Indeed .1 didn't! ' I came to^ make *
living" by my! pen." .-'-..; ¦
• "Worse* and '"worse!. The editors
'thanked"you, I suppose. and_th* manu
scripts came bade; oh, I koriw, I know!
and now you came, to my theater with
out! any ' qualifications 1 at ; ;aU''3u3t be-,
cause there isn't anywhere ; else tfj'W
to! Isn't that the truth. Miss Venn,
just the truth?"
She beffaa to put aa h«r siovsa and
The Sunday Call Magazine
DOCTOR XAVIER.A hard touched her upon the shcrul
der a^d she started up like one sur
prised in a gruilty act. The gxcen park,
the shrubs, the water, the trees, they
took share asaiii as though at some
magic touch: and bt.yoiid them the be
held the spirts and roofs of London.
Quite a long whin- passed, however, be
fore Ehe ci'uld collect her wandering
thoughts; and then, for the first time,
the became aware that a stranger was
standing at her side and waited to
sr>feak to her. Esther looked at the
man questioning]!-. Something in his
mantjer invited her confidence, and she
did net turn away. He was exceeding
ly well-Cressed; his clothes were fault
less; but it was the face of the man
which attracted her, not as one is at
tracted by mere good lc-okg, but by the
consciousness of force and will. Esther
had never seen a pair of eyes which
could at once express so much kindness
or so quickly win her trust. She was
not afraid, not in any way alarmed.
The musJcal voice was a pleasure to
& tn '--. ¦
my most humble pardon for
this intrusion, iliss Venn."
She started whun she heard her own
name, and put her band upon Mouton'3
collar.
*'I do not know you, "sir," tshe said.
"But you are about to, I hope. My
name is Doctor Xuvier. I have taken
the liLerty to follow you from the thea
ter.:*
' She did not know v. bat to say, was
confused. acJ not a little embarrassed.
-The stranger, again apologizing, seated
h:n:self u:>cn the bench' and began to
speak quick!y.
"I have followed ycu from the thea
ter because I believe that I can help
you," he fcJJ. "Forgive me, I was in
the room during your interview with
Otto Hemming. I heard you sins— a
very pretty voice. Miss Venn; but it
must be trained. .1 heard you say that
you desire an encasement in the thea
ter. Allow me to say that you are not
TitleS fir that: you ar? ioo sensitive.
Mouton, faithful dog. pressed close to
his mistress like one who knew her
trouble, and for many minutes she sat
with his face held close to her own,
and # a!l consciousness gone of that
teething world wherein she had failed
ko supremely. Scarcely a voice of Lon
don's life spoke to her in the parks.
The whirling seagulls circled about her
vainly; a beat drifted by with laughing
passengers; there were Idlers upon the
iron bridge; but the believed herself to
be far away from the city. In the sunny
lanes of Devon, where her childhood
had known its only pleasures. How
many years had parsed Bince kjc was
a child! What dark hours she had
lived! Bow little sunshine had there
been in all thefte day* cf "poverty and
struggle. And now it must end In this!
Esther locked nt the water, and bs-
Jieved that the could sleep. She nestled
closer to Mouton ?s though for protec
tion. Yes, it would bo srood to sleep, to
rest, to drc^m. as she had dreamed in
the days of lor.?: ajro. A cense of final
surrender overpowered her; she could
do ncthirrr moi-«. the thought. If this
were destiny. .>,j let u ue. She had
done her best.
She was alone, utterly alone. Of all
those thousands who went hurrying
eastward, westward, of all the toilers,
all the idlers, what was her trouble to
.any one? Esther, indeed, believed tnat
this was the end of it all. the end of
those harassing years ot neglect and
slavery, in hor father's house; of the
strife, the hope, the ambition which
had carried her to London to seek her
fortune. She had but a few shillings
left in all the world. Until the rent of
her dismal garret was paid, she had no
right even to the daily bread of which
her need was so great. She was with
cmt friends or even acquaintances of
whom ehe might crave the most tri
fling hospitality. Three months j ago
.she had come to London believing that
.there, at least, pome simple employ
¦ment would be open to a cultured girl.
Her mother's death In the winter of
the year severed the last tie which
bound her to the cathedral city. An
unsympathetic stepfather, whose pov
erty and sloth had made her home in-
Tolerablr-, permitted her to go to Lon
don without scruple or doubt. Even at
the bitterest moment of failure, pride
lorbade her to renew that servitude.
As she had sown, so would she reap.
lii London she had suffered; if need ba
in Lundun she would end her suffering.
Ehe walked along the Strand, west
ward, toward Charing Cross and the
rarki. The heat was almost tropical;
the dust choking. She envied those
who could afford the luxury of
¦a penny 'bus. The memsst res
taurant, with its poor display, of
fered to her eves the menu for
a king. She had never known what
hunger was before: but to-day the
word had a new meaning for her. She
was afraid to look in the confectioners'
shops; afraid to linger near the eating
houses lest she should be tempted to
draw upon that little store, and to find
hercelf without a roof when night
came. Every step cost her an effort.
She was compelled to stand motionless,
even to rest against a befriending door
lest she should reel and fall upon the
pavement. In St. James Park she sat
at last by the water's edge and uttered
a low cry which was wrung from her
very heart.
"What shall I do? Dear God, what
shall I do?"
CHAPTER II,
Julia viewed this distress with some
alarm; but she did not try to explain
It to Esther. Seating herself at her
brother's side, she took his hand in
both" of hers and conversed with him
very rapidly in the Spanish tongue.
He heard her at first reluctantly, then
with some interest; until, at last, ha
took her suddenly in nis arms and
kissed her.
"Yes. yes." he said in English, "the
day will come— I am hastening It. We
will go together."
Esther viewed this little scene with
trepidation, for it suggested some new
mystery of a house which already had
been fruitful in mysteries. She was
quite wise enough, however, to feign
Indifference, and. going to the piano,
sheplryed a nocturne ptanlssimo that
the others might not be embarrassed
by her presence. When she looked up
again. Doctor Xavier had left the rcom
and she was alone with :ns sister, who
appeared anxious to apologize for him.
: "My brother I? very brave," she said;
"but these years of exile cost him
much. He was ence a great man in
Spain, my dear— not in Spain exactly,
that is. but' In his own kingdom of
Cadi. Ths people would gladly have
him back,* but he has quarreled with
his prince, and I fear It will never b^
made iip again. You, perhaps, may
help him where I am useless. We art?
both hoping that. He asked you to
his house because he Deiieves cj much
In your cleverness. I must not tell you
to-night exactly • *at you can do be
cause he wishes to tell yor himself:
but believe me that he la very good
and gentle, and will never bring you
to any harm. You will serve him faith
fully, dear Esther, you will do it for
my sake."
' Esther did not at all understand how
a young and penniless girl, whose edu
cation was her own. and who had so
little knowledge, even of her own
country, could help a stranger in such
He took up the violin again and be
gan to play an old-time Spanish dance.
The music held him as by some magic
spell he could not resist. His emotions
were transparent and easily to be read
— love of country, the patnos of exile,
the futility of regret. In the end. an
ger appeared suddenly to master him.
and he ceased abruptly and threw the
fiddle from him.
"Ah, 'my poor Spain!" he cried: "if
you will not have me living, you shall
have me dead."
Madame Julia, as all the househr.id
called her, had .insisted upon sendin.;
for Esther's luggage early in the after
noon, and she would not hear of any
one but- herself arranging with th«
landlady. From the first she "play td
the part of an elder sister, who wished
to put her guest entirely at ease; in
deed, she lent Esther a pretty gown
for dinner and" laughingly declared
that at last it had found a worthy
owner.
"Do not thank me," she said; "you
look so pretty in it. Ah, my dear, what
a thing it. is not to be anxious about
your figure! Mine quarrels with my
dressmaker every time we meet; I
haven't, positively, the energy to scold
it! I am just born for an armchair
and Mudle's!" «•••¦.-¦
She went on to say that * maid
should be engaged especially for Es
ther; but, meanwhile, Georgine* her
own girl, would do what she could. In
the bedroom, everything that a woman
of fashion might desire was laid- out.
Mirrors paneled the doors of an old
French wardrobe; little lamps, cun
ningly shaded,- flattered the plain and
enhanced the prettiness of the mora
fortunate tenants. ¦ The brushes were
heavily wrought in silver; bottles of
essence, pots of cream, unknown prepa
rations, of which Esther had not the
smallest need, littered the table before
her glass. She dressed herself with
such simplicity as she could, combing
out that soft brown hair which was
the best of her beauty, and confefsing
to herself, perhaps, that her eyes had
already regained something of their
brightness, her cheeks of their color.
In the drawing room she found Doctor
Xavier, dressed as any civilized Eng
lishman at such an hour; and. thera
being no other guests, they went in to
dinner without delay.
The meal was simple, but served
with necessary elegance. Two of the
dishes, at least, Esther had never
tasted before; she drank but little wine;
nevertheless, she was astonished to
find that the food had stimulated her
in a way quite beyond her experience.
From a sense of doubt and mistrust
she passed gradually to one of confl
der.re and quiet mental exhilaration
Tht -desire to talk came naturally; and
sh» found herself, much to her own
astonishment, possessed of an elo
quence of which she had never
dreamed. The Doctor, in his turn,
seemed not a little surprised both at
her learning and her knowledge, and.
turning the subjects skillfully, he led
her from book to book with the skill
of an old diplomatist, who has a pur
pose to serve. In the drawing room
afterward Julia, sang to them, in a low
full contralto which the :onser
vatorfes both of "Leipsic and Paris had
trained*. Esther Tiad rarely heard any
one sing with such delicate phrasing
or such depth of expression: and when
Doctor Xavter himself took a violin
in his hand and began to play one of
Chopin's nocturnes, even her untrained
ear could recognize the master. - By
and by. 'the Doctor put the Instrument
down fdr a little while that he might
talk to her of the music of southern
countries, but chiefly of Spain.
"That which we call the finest music,"
he 'said, "is a matter or temperament.
I hear the Swan Song, but it does not
move me, because I am not a Saxon;
but I would not belittle It. The man
who belittles great things has no in
stinct of greatness. I admit that the
German music is great, but I would
give it all for one bolero from my own
Spain. If we are true patriots it must
always be the same. Put ah" English
man in the wilds of America and ask
him what the wandering minstrel is to
play— shall It be the 'Song of the Even
ing Star.' or just your 'Auld Lang
Syne.' Ah. I seem to know what he
would say!"
CHAPTER IV.
¦pent the sunny afternoon In auch care
less talk, and at five o'clock tea was
served to them in an arbor by the
lawn. Esther did not see Doctor
Xayier again "until dinner time; and
although she looked up often to the
windows of the pavilion, the figure
which had so frightened her did not
reappear. She fell to wondering at last
if it had been merely her Imagination.
Nevertheless, the impression remained.
She knew that there was some secret
of this house she had yet to mathom
Perhaps in her heart ahe believed that
it was an awful secret.*
Eethcr said "Thank you very much,"
and drawing off her glove again, she
took the pen which he offered her and
wrote her name and address upon a
little slip of paper. Another applicant
was already in the room before Ehe hod
finished; and receiving an abrupt dis
missal she crossed the bare stage again
to the lisht of the day. The throng of
applicant* t- till pressed close in the cor
ridor; the stout lady still aired her bib
ulous grievances. No one spoke to
Esther or so much as noticed her; and
calling Mouton to her side Ehe went
out to the tropical heat of the Strand
fend knew that she was alone.
"Not the slightest. Miss Venn. I wish
•you better fortune. You have the
prerence '. for the stage but not the
voice. Frankly, the employment that I
.cctfld offer you is not such as you
-¦would' care to take. Your better in
stinct, your education, would compel
.you to revolt against it I am led to
speak frankly for your' own sake. If
" you will leave me your address, it Is
3-Ft possible that I may communicate
v.lth you again. Do not rely upon it,
but regard it as a possibility. Your
case interests me. and I will do what I
car:" :r.ih-
Tp buttcn them nialadreitly. The great
ortfeal was over, then! She had foiled.
London, ar.d Us solituces were before
her! She tried to answer bravely, but
her throat was husky dad her lips dry.
•It's ths truth." Ehe said at last, "the
pin:i>l2 «ruth; I came to you because I
fni'.ed elsewhere .There Is no need to
say anything more. I. think?*''
own and .welcomed her with : quite ef
fusive pleasure,., ... ... . ,".. - .,,.v.': ..... •• .
"So you have come to help my
brother— you cannot think how glad I
am. Esther Venn— Esther Venn, oh,
what a ; pretty name! . And you are
tired, my dear,. I can see that you are
tired. Come upstairs and let -us begin
to : know each other. ' I'm sure you are
just dying for your lunch!" •
'She would, not hear a' denial, and led
the way upstairs to a pretty bedroom,
from whose windows the garden of
roses and -the fountain- dreamily
splashing in the sunlight were more
plainly to be seen. Of other houses
there was not a trace. Esther might
have been in an old French chateau a
hundred miles from cities -. and men.
: "My brother loves beautiful things,"
Julia said, helping her to take off her
hat, "and pouring , water for- her In a
basin of the daintiest French china. 1 :
"He 'must have them wherever he is.
The garden Is his own creation. It is
only a little thing, but In Spain and
France ./he will show others.
Everything . in this house is here be
cause it is beautiful. He^ devotes his
fortune to "the study. I will show you
some of his treasures afterward. You
are "tired now, and there is the lunch
gong."
• Musical bells chimed softly from the
halls below, "an octave deep and sonor-*
ous and pleasing, like th* chimes from
an Italian campanile. Esther. had little
preparation to make, and she tidied
herself quickly, and said that she .was
ready. She felt that she ought to be
ashamed of her shabby black gown;
but the : kindness of these people, their
simplicity and friendship, forbade any
thought of that kind, and .she went
the possibility that he would not re
main long in the city; and, turning to
her, he asked her how she would like
,to gro.to Spain. ; ;
"It is my country," he said, "al
though I, am 'an exile at this moment.
My English was learned in America at
Harvard University— to which I owe
my education. I say education, but no
man Is educated at a university. His
education is Nature's task. She teaches
him every day while he lives. I have
asked you to my house to help me In
such' self-imposed studies. We will
charter a university together. My sis
ter shall be the bursar and feed "us."
,"It is the only merit be allows me,"
said Julia gayly. "If I wish to make
my brother angry. I ask him what he
will have for dinner. Oh, my dear." just
think what we women have, suffered
because of men's dinners! You are
lucky to.be in the' laboratory!.. I. envy
Francis his _ books sometimes."
"And yet she will not read them for
five minutes together." said the. Doctor,
not unkindly. "There are no novels
there. Miss Venn. Beautiful princes do
not. expire at the feet of languishing
damsels. I have not a single book
which bewails the loss of the baro
ness' diamonds, or extols the, gentle
man who stole them. Pity my misfor
tunes! I -told you that I was a pupil;,
it is for you to teach me."
He turned the subject with a laugh,
and went on -to ask his sister of>her
day and its programme. Would she be"
at home to dinner? "Was she going to
the theater afterward? As for Esther
she would, perhaps, be glad to rest to
day. - The Doctor suggested a ham
mock in the garden amid the roses: tea
should be served there at .five o'clock.
Esther must ask for anything she
wished; the whole house was at her
disposal. When he had suggested other
plans for her comfort, he withdrew to
his library, and left the girls together.
Julia, in spite of herself, appeared to
be more at ease in his absence; she
took Esther by the hand, and went out
into the garden with her.
It must have been three o'clock then,
and the delicious hush of the summer
afternoon was everywhere to be felt.
Esther thought the garden not less
beautiful than she v had imagined It.
The grass, she said, was the softest
she had, ever trodden upon. The masses
of roses were bewildering; rare- blooms,
some of them familiar, some unfa
miliar, shed a delicious fragrance upon
the balmy dr. The fountain cast a
spray of an unknown essence which
cooled the atmosphere and added to
its perfume. The silence was intense,
and in some way almost unnatural.
You could not hear any sound at all
from the streets around. The quaint
of the pavilion looked down
upon you from every side. It might
have been an uninhabited house; and
yet Esther quickly** discovered that it
was not. Indeed, she*, was still gazing
curiously at these oddly-shaped win
dows, when a face appeared suddenly
at one of them, and instantly arrested
her curiosity. It was the face of a
young woman, a hideous, distorted and
yet singularly pitiful face. For ah in
stant the figure appeared at the case
ment, and was then dragged back as
though by an unseen hand. Esther,
she knew not why, started at this sud
den apparition. It "was just as though
a voice had said to" her, "Beware!"
Who was this girl? "What was she do
ing in the house?
'Now,' it chanced that Julia still
wrestled with the ropes "of the ham
mock during this momentary' scene;
and so both her companion's astonish
ment and the subject of it" -were not
observed by her. Esther, • troubled as
she was, had already made up her mind
to say nothing about It. A shrewd wit
told her that if she were really in dan
ger confession would not help her. She
could not imagine that such a man as
Doctor Xavier would trap a young girl
for any felonious purpose. Neverthe
less, there was something about the
house and its people which baffled her
understanding and awakened her sus
picions. Terrible as her situation had
been but an ( hour ago, she was not
quite sure that this change was for the
better, and- very greatly apprehensive
and doubtful, she listened to the merry
Julia and her gossip.
"There's one thing we're expected to"
do in this house, and that is to make
ourselves comfortable," she said, sink
ing down upon a pile of cushions and
arranging her books upon her knee.
"The Doctor believes in the art of life,
and while it gives me what I want I
am his faithful disciple. You do not
know what a clever man he is, dear.
I often read in the papers about other
scientists, and wonder if they know
half as much as Francisco Xavier.
Beautiful things have been the passion
of his life. Day and night he lives for
them. There is not any beautiful art
of which he does not know something.
Those sketches you saw in the dining
room, they were all his work. He has
written music which has been per
formed in the . theaters of Milan and
Paris. While you and I sleep here this
afternoon he will be In his laboratory
and perhaps — you never can tell — dis
covering something which might as
tonish the world to-morrow. It is my
misfortune. I try to Interest myself in
all these things, but I am just a help
less creature, and it cannot be helped.
You, I believe, will take my place; I
know he wishes it. A woman can help
sometimes where a man is useless."
"I shall do what I can to be useful,"
said Esther, a little eagerly. "It was
very kind of Doctor Xavier to offer me
this engagement, and I am only too
desirous to prove myself grateful. But,
you see. he has never asked me what
I can do, and I fear I'm not as clever
as he thinks me. My eaucation has
been all my own. I taught myself In
the library which my stepfather used
to keep at Exeter. Except for this
visit to London, I have never been any
where or seen anything. Of course. I
could write Doctor Xavier*s letters
and, perhaps, help him with his books;
but I really have no talents, Miss Julia.
I am not a clever girl."
"The Doctor doesn't want a clever
girl; he wants a willing" one. Your
only duty is to obey him, my dear.
Whatever he asks you, obey > him al
ways. He Is very kind and good; but
I never wish you to see him angry.
Remember, when he Is cross, that he
has suffered much. • His own country
has not treated him well. I do not
think he will ever go back there. Tou
and I must make his home happy in
England. I am sur.e we c^an do that If
we try."
Esther had hoped that she would
speak mbre of the Doctor, and par
ticularly of her own duties; but Julia
Xavier could never talk for more than
five minutes together on any one sub
ject; and now she went rambling off
to speak of theaters and singers and of
the world of ; restless fashion wherein
her own part was so well played. They
riage door, surprised her by.antlci
,patlng' tHe^questionr^ *
""You afe wondering' why I have no
windows" he asked, with a laugh.
"Well, come : inside and . I will show
you." / .
He held out his' hand, and she en
tered the house with him. An elderly
butler, English' and well trained, took
his master's hat and cane and ; asked
him if he. had lunched. Esther heard
the carriage driving away on the,
gravel path and then the, heavy oaken
door .was shut with. a clang behind her.
She trembled a little at the sound, for
she had never, seen so curious a hall as
that in which she now stood; the
vision of the garden . beyond was like
that of fairyland.
: "You are anxious about my win
dows," said the doctor, lightly; , "well,
you see,. AveUke an eastern light, Miss
Venn, and make one. It is not pleasant
to have neighbors who count the days
when your curtains go to the wash!;
Observe! you have never seen the' sun-'
. ligl\t shine i so softly— is it not' beauti
ful?" , .-..-.-
Esther perceived now that the. house
was ' built in »the Italian style— a. qua
drangle about a spacious garden. Two
great windows lighted the hall; but
.they were upllke any windows she. had.
ever, seen or read of. An exquisite
glass ; of the faintest roseate hue per
mitted the rays of light to stream
down through a device of crystal and
green leaves, • so cunningly placed that
the whole apartment glowed with the
gentle radiance of the softest tints,
more restful to the eye, more pleasing
than "any light that could be imagined.
Elsewhere all was fantastic and sur- 1
prising. Masterpieces of art caught
women axe, robbing the world of beau
ty ,to.-day. They multiply _and spread;'
the city thrusts out Its" arms"; "the
woods, the rivers, the pastures perish.
In time this England will be one stif
ling city. Those who love solitude will
find It after many days. . 'A thousand
years ago a forest thrived on. this very
spot. You could have built a hut and
lived" a week without seeing a'man.
Nowadays, there are twenty families in
the hut and a man must go far afield
If he would be away from other men.
We shall make the journey together
and study as we i go. I will show you
solitudes of mountain and valley which
years of travel and labor have pur
chased. The book of nature is In many
volumes, Miss Venn;-, few* read it
through. We should be all" the better
if we did. We should not write such
stuff as that — we should.despise.it!"
He took a yellow-backed volume
from the leather-case before him and
turned its pages scornfully. It was a
work upon the decadence of the cen
tury; the triumph of a gloomy German.
"This fellow has gone to the letter
B.l^the stranger went on; "he writes of
the human swamp. He should have
begun at* A, and written of the art of
life, which thinking men make their
own. If you showed him the sun, it.
would blind him. We live in an age
which does not like the sunshfne. The
majority is always looking downward,
backward; but the new generation will
lift its eyes to the heavens, it will rend
the veil and enter the If it
no longer believes in death, it will be
because science has taught it that life
is eternal, indestructible the spirit of
the celestial scheme. I am a pupil, but
those that come after me will- be the
"I am not a doctor — I am a pupil.
My page is not in the written book, it
is in the life, the light, the humanity
about us. The earth is my school, the
heavens are my university. *.I.do not
study men's bodies; I seek to know
their minds. All that the field of na
ture can give for the happiness of
mankind, that is my subject. No, I am
not a doctor. Miss Venn — I am a child,
groping blindly for the light which is
hidden."
"And you think that I could be of
service to you in your studies, sir?" :
"I am sure of it. That is why I am
here. Consider, you are familiar with
books — boc-ks are meat and drink to
me You like beautiful things— I can
not live without them. You are cast
out, a stranger in this city— I am an
exile from my home and country. You
have talent to offer — I have money to
buy. Is it not what the world calls
business? Let us begin with . that.
Business first and friendship after
ward, yes. it must be friendship after
ward. Miss Venn."
He laid a gentle hand upon her arm
.->.s though to bid her follow him. When
Esther looked up, she beheld a pair of
kindly oyes which seemed to say, "I
have need of you." Mouton, her dog,
laid his shaggy head upon the strang
er's knee and began to make friends
with him. She accepted the omen and
made up her mind without further de
lay.
"I will go and see your sister," she
said.
too . clever. , too ready, to despise , the
trivialities of life. ,. Your success will' be
made another way; it will be in an
honorable employment which will give
you pleasure. I came from the theater
to offer.lt to you— In my service, in that
also of my sister. You are wise enough'
and clever enough not to regard this
as an impertinent intrusion, j I am sure
you will permit me to continue.",
He waited for her to speak; but ahe
did not know what answer to make to
him. Conflicting emotions of surprise
and joy forbade her to express herself
as she wished to do. She sat with
heightened color and beating heart, un
able to thank him or even to say
"Yes." He understood her difficulty;
he did not misconstrue it. '
"You do not answer me," he con
tinued. "I appreciate your silence.
London is a terrible city for those who
fail. Miss Venn. The successful know
little of its darker eldc; it is left to the
unsuccessful to discover it. The Ca
sino Theater could write a history
•which few would have the courage to
read. I heard many pitiful stories
there this mornftig. They are better
forgotten. Whatever we may do or
wish, there will always be millions of
unfortunates in the world whom we
cannot help. The pleasure of helping
even one should be a privilege. If you
decide to help me, please regard it in
that light."
She turned earnest eyes upon him;
the compliment both surprised and
pleased her.
"To help you!" she cried, amazed.
"Oh, no! it is you who are offering to
help me!"
"Not so, Miss Venn; nothing of the
kind. Your loss of a possible career will
be my gain. I am asking for all your
time, your talent, your fidelity — I do
not offer you any great reward. The
only return I can make Is the shelter
of my sister's house, a home, friend
ship, the society of cultured people. If
you consent to my proposal, the rest
will be easy. We will settle it at home
in five minutes. My carriage is over
there by the palace gates."
Esther looked toward the spot he In
dicated and perceived there an elegant
sinsle "brougham drawn by two roan
horses. She felt instinctively that she
was at some crisis in her life. She be
lieved with the religious faith of her
childhood that this encounter had been
foreordained for her salvation and se
curity. Willing to say "Yes," and to
say It from her very heart,' neverthe
less a certain prudence restrained her.
Why had this man come to her?
Whither would he lead her? There was
so much to ask him. She did not know
how to begin, fearing greatly that a
question might give offense.
"Your offer is very kind," she said.*
nervously. "Will you think me un
grateful if I ask you something?"
"You have every right to do so."
"You speak of employment in your
sister's house. What should I be ex
pected to do there?"
"You would be expected to assist a
man who is trying to do what he can
for the human race — especially for your
sex."
"You are a doctor: is It In connec
tion with your profession?"
He rested his arms upon the broad
handle of his ebony cane and looked a
little wistfully across the waters.
¦THE SAN FRANCISCO ;. SUNPAY CALE.
the rays of electric lights, cunningly
placed, and showed their finest details.
The mats were Eastern arid of sur
prising softness. Flowers stood every
where; the rarest orchids, the loveliest
blooms, so perfectly chosen, so artis
tically rriatched, that the color-scheme
was never, marred or vulgarized. Es
ther said that she had entered a won
derland. A fountain splashed in the
garden shed a delicious perfume upon
the air. Her weariness, her hunger, left
her at the door. . The very silence was
bewitching. London seemed , so far
away. When the doctor spoke again,
she started at the sound of his voice.
"I can see that you like my house,"
he said, well pleased. • "Women are al
ways the children of first impressions;
and you are no exception. When we
have had lunch, I will show you some
of my curiosities; but first I must in
troduce you to my sister; she is very
much alone here, and will be glad of a
companion."
He struck a gong twice while . he
spoke, and the reverberations had
hardly died away when a well-dressed
woman descended the stairs and came
up to him with outstretched hands.
Esther, Judged that she was about 30
years old, a brunette, with a ' Spanish
type of face, an abundance of black
hair and the whitest of teeth ' which
showed a ; little prominently when she
smiled. .Her ': eyes were deep set and
dark and her manner buoyant and al
most girlish. Doctor, Xavier kissed her
affectionately and then led her for
ward to Esther.
!- "My sister JuttV he said; Vthls is
Miss Venn, Miss Esther Venn. You
must learn to know each other quickly
—you will have so many hours to pass
together."
; Julia took Esther's hands in both her
Ah, if she had known , what days
awaited her in the Doctor's house!
. The talk was all 'of common things
during the -luncheon Hour. Doctor
Xavier ate little; and drank less; but
he had a fund of anecdote which was
inexhaustible ; and he gossiped . now of
Europe, though ; much of it was beyond
her' understanding. She gathered from
it that he had been a traveler In many
countries, and . that his residence in
England was' but accident!' which, in
some way, he lamented. He spoke of
downstairs with a confidence which
quite surprised her.* Luncheon, she
discovered, was already served in the
dining-room upon the ground floor.
The scheme of this room was entirely
white, with chairs and curtains and
carpets of the richest crimson. Here,
as in the hall, bewitching effects of
light were contrived by rantastlc win
dows. A few sketches hung upon the
walls, and each had its own lamp above
that its finer work might not be lost.
The glass was Venetian, green as a
tulip's leaf. Esther noticed how
brightly the silver shone, and how
rarely chased' was the great goblet -by
the Doctor's plate. The whole room
Impressed her with a sense of luxury
carried to the last point, but not vul
garly nor obtrusively. The wine she
drank was the golden Valdepenas; it
stimulated her flagging energy, encour
aged her sense of happiness,* and re
newed her unspoken expression of grat
itude. What had she done to deserve
this change of fortune, so sudden, so
supreme? But an ' "hour ago she be
lieved that her life had been lived; and
now a young girl's courage lifted her
up to new scenes of success and ambi
tion. How she would . work for such
friends as these! How she' would serve
them! : 4 v
Esther knew little of London, and
had lost her reckoning in the excite
ment of an experience so new; but she
was aware that- the carriage had
crossed Oxford street and thence had
driven northward toward Regent's
Park. When at last it stopped, they
were at the doors of a low-pitched
house which stood behind high walls
and was Bhut in by heavy wooden
gates. A little garden faced the door
and displayed a wealth of common
gillyflowers and. sweet-smelling. shrubs.
In shape as many dwellings round
about Esther's sharp eyes . at orice
observed in what way v the doctor's
house differed from them. It had no
windows, she said; at least the "win
dows were all bricked up. This cir
cumstance of Itself troubled her not a
little, and she could not Imagine the
reason of it. . Why should any one fear
the sunlight, 'a scientist of all others!
She was still trying to satisfy herself,
when the doctor, standing at the car-
masters. Let us help them to. come
quickly. It is possible to do so!"
Esther had never heard any one talk
like this. She did not realize at first,
perhaps, how much the personal mag
netism of the speaker attracted her, or
haw very closely she was listening to
him; but she was conscious of a desire
to listen and of a sense of mental in
feriority which she had rarely experi
enced in the presence of any other
man. Her suspicion 'that the doctor
talked merely to avoid her own curi
osity was quickly put aside; for his
earnestness convinced her, and she
co-uld not resist the spell of his voice.
For that matter, the journey, was all
too short; and when the carriage
stopped, she had quite forgotten her
doubts. It remained for the house it
self to awaken them.
"We think alike," he said, while they
drove rapidly northward toward Ox
ford street and Marylebone. "lean see
that we observe nature from the same
standpoint; It is a good, beginning and
will help us. You, at this present mo
ment, are telling yourself how beau
tiful the park Is looking; I am saying
that it would be beautiful if there were
no people in it. Heflect how men and
The carriage waited near the gates
of Buckingham Palace; and a footman,
in. a neat black livery, summoned it
when the doctor appeared. Esther waj
not accustomed to the formal and ex
aggerated politeness with which Doc
tor Xavier now treated her; indeed,
she had never ridden in such a carriage
befc-re, and her sensations were those
which she could neither describe nor
wholly enjoy. Had she been quite sure
of the wisdom of the step she was tak
ing, the experience would have been al
together pleasurable; but the offer had
come to her with such dramatic sud
denness, it was so surprising and unex
pected, that she neither realized it nor
believed altogether in Its good faith.
True, the immediate necessity, the
dreadful despair which had tormented
her an hour ago, were already of the
past and forgotten. She was going to a
home, whatever it might have in store
for her. No longer would it be neces
sary to scheme for her daily bread in
the garret which sheltered her. Grate
ful always, she was very grateful for
this respite. The excitement of the
jtrurney fascinated her and was not to
be resisted. Again and again she asked
herself, "Where are we going; what
does he really want of me?" Dortor
Xavier, on his part, said nothing to
abate this curiosity. He treated .her
from the first with a de'ference to
which she was quite unaccustomed.
The polished manners, the courteous
phrases of the born gentleman pleased
her and were not to be resisted. Her
knowledge of men hitherto had been
gained from the provincial city. This
man was unlike any other she had
known. She could not imagine her
title \o his homage and regard. He ad
dressed her as one no less learned than
himself.
CHAPTER III
2at the impression which his study made
upon her.
"I am quite ignorant of science," she
said, after a little pause. "If there is
anything that I can do— write your let
ters or look after your books, I am sure
I should do it very willingly, is it help
of that kind you want?"
eyes did not impress her less than when
she had first looked into them. In any
assembly of men. she thought, Doctor
Xavier would have been a commanding
presence, both by right of Intellect and
natural gifts. Power the face suggest
ed and with power the will to com
mand obedience/ and to insure It, the
right to lead other men and to enjoy
their confidence. Esther was not afraid
to return . the glance of such a man,
she never doubted him. At the same
time, she did- not believe that he could
wholly win a woman's affection.
"I shall be very glad to help you.
Doctor Xavier, If I can," she began,
determined to bring him to the point
"Will you please to tell me exactly
what I am to do for you? I think it
would be better to begin that way."
He turned in his chair and rested his
chin upon his elbow.
"Yes," he said, "that Is necessary.
Let me be as brief. You are here to
assist me with scientific experiments.
Miss Venn; to benefit by them, I hope."
Esther's heart quickened a little when
she heard these ominous words. Sci
entific experiments might mean so
much. Her experience suggested, to
her that they could not be unattended
with danger.
Julia took her hand In her own and
drew her v close as though some new
bond of love already united them.
"Nonsense, nonsense!" she protested.
"Whatever my brother does is for th«
good of humanity. Don't you see, you
dear little child, how much happiness
would come into the world If women
could be made more beautiful? And
you — you are the sweetest subject a
man could have! We shall be so proud
of you, Esther; you will always be re
membered as the brave girl who did
this service for your sisters. Ah. my
dear, if It is wrong to desire beautiful
things, then we are very wicked peo
ple! But I shall never believe it: I
shall always say that Francisco Xavier
is a leader among men."
Esther did not quite trust this ready
woman of the world, belie^ng her shal
low and possibly a little fickle: but tha
arguments themselves were very plaus
ible, and, indeed, a similar process of
reasoning had guided her that day.
After all, she said, if it were really
with scientific truths that the Doctor
wished to experiment, and she would
suffer no harm because of them, there
was no good cause why her consent
should be withheld. A lover of com
promise always. It occurred to Esther
that she might give a conditional ans
wer, keeping to herself the right to
withdraw It If anything were done of
which her woman's instinct might b4
ashamed. In plain words, she deter
mined to tell the Doctor that she would
try to serve him; but that the right
must remain to her to say **no" when
his experiments offended her. Never
theless, she was not prepared to con
fess as much to Julia; and she took
refuge from the argument in silence.
There had been a few light showers
eirlier In the day; but a delicious fra
grance of the later afternoon account
ed for a splendid park, and for a very
cavalcade of open carriages. London's
gayeties had almost exhausted them
selves in these later days of July; peo
ple were glad to drive in the fresh air
and so to make their plans for Hom
burg or the Solent Esther used to
trudge the gravel paths by the Achilles
statue when' first she came to London,
and now she remembered how she had
admired the rich equipages and the
wc-nderf ul gowns of the great women
who looked down upon her. The
change which a day had brought In*?
'her life was almost beyond her com
prehension. Here she sat dressed as
those others whose names were on
every tongue. She, too, could now look
down on many a poor creature who
welcomed the shelter of th» trees be
cause she dreaded the discoveries of
the garisn sunshine. The carriage in
which she rode had come from Paris,
and nari sent many an order i* it*
fashimablc builder. The roans had
cost Doctor Xavier seven hundred
guraTas. Esther observed that her
companion was everywhere recognized
and saluted. Women stared after the
carriage a little enviously; the men re
garded it with obvious favor. Esther
was glad that she was not compelled
to speak to any ui these people. She
was greatly afraid when the carriage
stopped by Rotten Row that some
chatting woman 'would be presented to
her, and. perhaps, ,wish to know her
story. None troubled them, however.
"I knew it. my dear — I knew you
would never be so silly as to throw
away such a golcen opportunity.
Francis believes that he can make you
the most beautiful woman in the world.
He 13 not the man to deceive himself.
What he says he can do, he will do;
and just think hc-w happy your consent
makes him. We are to be more than
friends now; we are to be sisters. I
shall call you Esther and you will call
me Julia. There will be so much to do
between thi3 and the end of the sea
son, and we sha'n't have a minute to
spare. Oh. my dear child. Just think of
the gowns you must buy! Here'*
Homburpr not a month off, and after
Homburg our shooting 1 party at Dou
vaine, and then the Villa Cara for the
winter; and after that — who knows. It
may even be my own dear Spain and
our palace at Cadi. And you must
have gowns for all of them— oh, the Joy
of .it, to begin with nothing! And I
have such a wardrobe full that I could
clothe a city! * I envy you!"
Esther was a little surprised that her
consent to the Doctor's proposal should
thus be taken for granted, for she had
not said a word that would Imply con
sent: and, indeed, her answer was still
to be made. She judged, however, that
it was not the time to speak of It, and.
avoiding the subject, she endeavored
to question her companion for her own
enlightenment
"I am sure that Doctor Xavier Is both
clever and kind," she said, in a wln
ningly simple way. "What I fear, dear
Julia, is whther one is right to do as
he wishes. I have always been taught
to be afraid of vanity; and, indeed, I
am very happy as I am. Even If your
brother succeeded in his experiments,
surely I am not the best subject hs
could choose."
At five o'clock upon the same after
noon. Julia, remembering her promise,
drove out with Esther in a pretty vic
toria drawn by two roan horses; and
as they went, the loquacious creatures
had a hundred things to talk of.
Scarcely had the gates closed behind
them than she confessed that she had
seen her brother and had been delight
ed to hear t.-f Esther's asquiescence in
his plans. Of this, she said she had
been sure from the first.
CHAPTER VI
book-rack swung from a silver chain,
so close to. Esther's hand that she could
take a^book from It without rising:.
A cottage piano in satlnwood. Inlaid
and richly painted, faced her when she
entered. A flagon of the clearest crys
tal had been filled with yellow wine:
a goblet stood near It upon it3 little
table. Except for the door to the Doc
tor's study, and the long French win
dows which gave upon the lawn, Esther
could detect no other entrance to the
room. The laburnum trees by the wall
and the bushes round about forbade
her to see that side of the. house where
in the living rooms were built She
might have been in the heart of a gar
den a hundred miles ' from the city.
Birds from many countries hopped
from wreath to wreath- of the roses
above her and showed no fear at her
presence. The murmur of water fall
ing was restful to the ear and like a
lullaby. The Doctor did net fall to ob
serve its effect upon her.
"This is your room," he repeated;
"and you will be the mistress of It I
see that you would like to be alone and
to think of all I have said to you. The
morning is the friend of clear thought.
Miss Venn: to-night at dinner you shall
give me your answer — yes or no."
He quitted the room, closing the door
sharply behind him. Esther was left
alone to hear the splash of the fountain
in the marble basin, the twittering of
the birds in the silent garden.
He crossed the room, and drawing a
curtain back disclosed a paneled door
of which h^ held the key already in
his hand. Esther had started up at
the words "operating room," for she
half believed that it would justify her
evil anticipation, while, in the same
breath, she could tell herself that she
was silly to be afraid. The Doctor,
perceiving: her hesitation, threw the
door wide open and bade her enter.
"Come." he said, "it is not so very
dreadful. I am sure your courage will
be equal to it" --"'
Something In his tone reassured her;
and calling upon her courage she went
over and stood at his side. Ah, that
dreadful theater! It was smothered in
Gloire-de-Dijon roses from floor to ceil
ing. Esther's wildest dream could not
have surpassed the ' surprise of it A
fragrant perfume, rich and pungent,
came to her through. the open door, and
would have been overpowering but for
a delicious - spray, like a shower of
sweet rain, absorbed by the air almost
before the marble fountain cast it out
Gentle breezes of the summer day
stirred amid those gold-white leaves
and were sucked in by the silent fans.
Long windows, giving upon the shel
tered lawns, permitted a vista of tree
and -flower and bush, like a scene re
mote from men In a forest's heart In
deed, a wizard's hand might have cre
ated this picture for a fable of the
splendid ages. , Esther could but stand
entranced, fearing to set foot upon that
carpet of flowers of to disturb the per
fect beauty of that chamber of roses.
It was not real, it could not be, she
thought;, while the Doctor, in his turn,
did not take his eyes from her. Sur
prise and delight were written upon
her astonished eyes. She had a young
girl's ' imagination and could ' people
this quaint retreat with the figures o£
a forgotten dreamland. When the Doc
tor told her that the room Was her own,
nothing. could keep back her cry of de
light ; r :',/i%
"My own room— mine!" she said.
He took her hand and led her into it.
"Your own — to be the mistress of It;
to come and go when you will, some
times, perhaps, to invite others; but
your own, first and foremost. Let me
see you. take possession of it Come,
this sofa is just the place to think out
a difficulty." ,.*i . ;''
He led her across the room to an
Ivory sofa, which was but a shell
smothered In roses : to such a depth
that, when Esther sat. she appeared to
sing In a very bed of leaves. Her
quick eyes were already examining
every nook and cranny of this new and
rare possession. The walls, she saw,
were paperless; but wreaths of the yel
low roses hid their nakedness. There
was no carpet but that of the glorious
flowers. A table of jasper. In the cen
ter of the room, carried a huge bouquet
of the sweetest blooms. By her side
stood an. immense lamp of silver, so
placed that the light of It must fall
upon the sleeper's face. The marble of
the fountain, which played in an alcove
near the window, was white as snow,"
unblemished in its purity. A hanging
who wishes her happiness. She will
let me carry all her burdens in distress
—if that were possible beneath my roof
—she-will come to me, and I shall share
her most trifling doubts/ She will be
honored in this house and make it her
home. Miss Venn, may I say this of
you?" £*%£
Esther clasped, her hands upon her
knees, and regarded the Doctor with a
troubled look. The plain truth was that
while his words should have satisfied
her just doubts, that which she had
sean — and especially the face at the
window— were present in her mind to
perplex and distract her. Nothing that
the Doctor had proposed, she thought,
might not be undertaken by an honest
girl; but he had spoken of failure. Was
it possible that the face she had seen
from the garden was to be connected
with this!
"I should be very sorry to appear
ungrateful," she exclaimed suddenly;
"but I really do not know what to say.
I am a little frightened. Doctor, and I
cannot help It. You said something to
me about those who helped you before.
Would it be very dreadful to fall?"
He divined her difficulty instantly.
She has seen something in the house,
he thought He knew that it made it
more difficult.
"Ah." he said, "I put It clumsily. I
talk of operating rooms, and you think
of a hospital. I speak of failure, and
you imagine personal suffering — per
haps illness and disease. See how a
man who desires to be frank may mis
represe'nt himself. You believe that I
am asking much — courage" to face
dreadful things, penalties, distress. Let
me here and now assure you, as I am
a man of honor, that none of these
things exist If I fall, you will remain
with me if you wish, or go to your
friends, the same gentle young lady
that I have found you. Others have not
done so, I admit; but their own follies
were responsible for their misfortunes.
They would not submit, and they suf
fered for it. Science. Miss Venn, is not
to be trifled with. She demands all or
nothing. Those who have assisted me
would have taken the middle way. For
the time being, they are punished; but
the punishment will pass, and as they
came to me. so, at length, will they
go, neither better nor wiser. For you.
I fear no such failure. Once your mind
is made up, you will succeed. I am as
sure of it as I am of myself." .
He bent toward her and appeared to
exert all that indomitable power of his
will which few were able to resist.
Esther decided, she knew not why, that
this man would never harm her. He
compelled her already in some measure
to share .his own enthusiasm. The
quest of beautiful things, the right en
joyment of God's gifts could never, she
thought, be wrong. And yet she had
so much to ask him. She was con
vinced that she could never quite ex
press her doubts.
"I wish I could believe In myself as
you believe in me," she confessed at
last. "It is all so new, so strange. I
would like to say 'yes.' but all sorts of
Billy things prevent me. You see, Doc
tor, I have not the least Idea what you
really want me to do. How can I help
your, experiments? I have no knowl
edge except the little I have got from
my father's books; it would seem child
ish to you. If I were clever. It might
be otherwise. I should be so fright
ened of my stupidity; perhaps it would
spoil everything."
He laughed at this frank avowal, be
lieving that he had won her.
"When the flowers bud in the suns
of May," he asked, "what cleverness
of theirs helps them? When the sky at
sunset is aflame with golden arc, is it
Nature's gift or man's accomplish
ment? You can help me by submis
sion, Miss Venn; you can help me by
doing nothing. Come, I will show you
the operating room; it will frighten you
very much, but afterward you will be
braver."
hesitate to cure the leper because in
health he will be less repulsive? Ah,
no; you will never say that! Like all
young people, your judgments are im
pulsive, and the argument comes after
ward. At this moment you are telling
yourself that I am a common quack
who would sell a powder or a paint to
a credulous public. It is the poorest
compliment you could pay me; but
your young experience is sufficient
apology. Understand that. if you de
cide to be my fellow-worker, it must
be of your own free will and not upon
compulsion. I am "a servant of science
and I would make disciples. If I at
tempt to do something which 1 no sci
entist has done before, it will not be as
a charlatan 'but as a pioneer.- The smile
cf the grafted flower' is the simplest
that I can put before you. I would add
to Nature's gifts; but I would add
naturally. The beauty that I can win
from the light and the water and the
earth is to be won by a natural law
which I shall make known • in due
course to other students. In my oper
ating room I believe- there are pro
found secrets. When you have thought
it over, you shall tell me If you wish
to master them with me."
Esther's face blanched when she
heard the words "operating' room"; for
it suggested to her the stone floors and
the dreaded tables which she had once
seen in a hospital. She but half rea
lized the logical sequence of the Doc
tor's argument, and ths impression that
was on the point of sleeping, when she
became aware that a face regarded her
from the open door, and that a man
with the complexion and dress of a
Moor peered in at her as she lay. Had
Esther believed that this apparition
was anything but that of a dream, she
would have fled the house upon the in
stant and never re-entered it. but a
confidence she could not explain, some
spell cf the light deprived her, for the
time being, both of me power to rise
and of tne wit to think. Surprising as
it was she did r.ot feel infany way
alarmed. The face did not frighten
hf-r, she had no fear of the man who
watched by her bedside; and telling
herself that it was all imagination, she
fell suddenly into so heavy a sleep that
all the scene was instantly blotted out,
and not one memory of it remained.
When she awoke the birds were sing
in? in the garden, and the fountain
splashed merrily. Sunlight fell upon
the western wing, and busy servants
were crossing the quadrangle. Esther
scarcely remembered that she had
dreamed, or if she did, she never
doubted that it was a dream.
She laid a little emphasis on the
words almost as one who would utter
« warning, and this was not lost upon
Esther. Indeed, when she went up to
her own bedroom at eleven o'clock and
found herself alone, tne whole events
of that strange day recurred to her
one by one like the papes of some ex
citing story she had read in her child
hood. How different it had been yes
terday! Then she stood upon the
brink of a woman's supreme tempta
tion. No certain Lome v.-as open to
her, no prospects in this groat heart-
Jess city. She had been driven from
door io door like an outcast whom
none would harbor. All her fine
schemes of success and advancement
in London turned to asUes. and were
b!cv.n away upon the winds of de
spair. Tlie long hours at the doors of
the theater, her rejection there, the
bitterness of failure, were of too recent
occurrence to be forgotten. She knew
that she had suffered greatly, and from
suffering had passed almost with fabu
lous swiftness to the extreme of joy.
Employment, shelter, good friends, c-f
these the Doctor had spoken when he
Invited her to his house. And was it a
true messare? Could she believe it?
This silent beautiful house appeared to
invite her to rest and forgetfulness.
Misht she trust In that appearance?
Was there nothing beyond tt which a
woman must dread? Esther did not
dar<? to deceive herself s.cr 'ar. There
must be a secr:t. she thought.
She undressed at her leisure and re
luctanll. turned out the lamp by ncr
bedside, when at last a little weariness
helped her. It was so nosolutely quiet
in the room, the summer's night fell
eo still that not a leaf seemed to stir
In the garden, nor a whisper of the
trees made itself heard. For quite a
long while she lay seeking to win sleep,
but failing: to compose herself. Once
s-he thought she heard a soft footstep
upon the landing outside, and she
started up in affright and listened in
tently for many minutes. Reassured
by the silence she laughed at herself
for such babyish alarms, and lay back
to dream again. It must have been
very late when at last she fell into a
pentle slurr.ber, and she had not been
asleep very long when she awoke
again, but without fear, and not un
willingly. Very greatly to her surprise
she discovered that her roemvwas now
liphted up by a soft mellow light,
which at first she believed to be moon
light shining down upon her bed. In
this, however, she was mistaken, and
when she had lain a. tittle time, he
w-in hed by the translucent beams, she
perceived that they fell from an aper
ture in the wall in a spreading arc of
green-white light so soft and gentle
to the eves that Esther seemed almost
to be in some dreamland, where every
thing- entranced and pleased her. Anon,
she felt' that the light compelled her to
Bleep in spite of her desire to remain
awake. She closed her eyes and
cpened them again, tossed and turned
a little restlessly, tried to wake up but
failed to do so. The Bpell was irresisti
ble. She had no will to resist it. and
"Kc is kind to every one," Julia re
plied; "he can almost break his heart
<.*ver little starving children in the
streets. Believe me, dear Esther, you
v. ',U ntver have anything to fear from
Francisco Xavier. Whatever happens
remember that he desires you to be
•happy, and will be disappointed if you
are not."
a matter. She said as much, but not
as en? who appeared unwilling.
"I am not clever; I fear the Doctor
•is mistaken in me," she protested. "Of
« ourse I am very anxious to know what
he withes me to do, but if you. tell me
that I exn to wait, I will do as you de
fire. At least I could never forget his
kindnets to me this morning."
THE 3 SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY - CALL\
"I will think -it over, willingly." she
said. "I fear I am, very, stupid, Doc
tor. But then, you see, I never thought
very much' about 1 my appearance. Do
you really believe it is possible, to make
a woman beautiful by natural means?".
"I believe it is so, I am not sure.
You are very plain with me, and I will
try to be no less honest Twice al
ready I have failed in my experiment.
You say, " perhaps,*' that I have no
right, therefore, to continue. , If J be
lieved that the failure was my own
and not that of the patient; I should
accept your view. But I do nothing of
the' kind. I have failed because those
who worked with me could not- think
as .1 think, could • not surrender them
selves wholly to the Idea which I fol
lowed. From the first they were gov
erned by vulgar desires: they wished
money, place, love; mentally they op
posed themselves to the" physical law.
With' such subjects I could do nothing.
She whom I choose must be one apart
from the world, for the time being, at
any rate. She must be willing to live
the simplest life. .-She must see beauty
in all things about her. She must^ re
gard, herself as the apostle of the cfeed
which, in due' course, will be joyfully
accepted by .the world. She must be
kind and gentle, lifting her eyes to the
heavens, desiring \ to see the - greater
glories, beyond. .- She will be no servant
of pride or self-conceit; she will' know
that she is but the instrument of this
message. Her confidence will be.abso
lute; she will . regard me as a brother
what he ] proposed was forbidden still
troubled her. • . - ;¦.. S:V
Estherhad heard many times' in her
life of people who had claimed to make
women beautiful forever; . but they
were always spoken of as Impostors
and many of them, she knew, had been
justly sent to prison. , While it. was im
possible to believe altogether that Doc
tor Xavicr was such an one, neverthe
less, she was greatly frightened by his
c6nfession and this she did not attempt
to hide from him.
"Oh, but Doctor," she said with al
most childish simplicity, "how could I
help you in that?" .^ !r
He had looked for Just such an ans
wer from such a subject; indeed, it
seemed < to" please him, • and with great
gentleness he continued: - -
"Pray hear me to the end, Miss-Venn,
and permit me to ask another question.
Is it wrong to take the, cripple and to
give him limbs? Is it wrong to graft
a flower that you may make it more
beautiful? Is it wrong to bring the
glory of the heavens nearer to us that
we may know something of the heaven
ly truths? Is all the quest of the beau
tiful" in aft: and ' literature and music
a crime? Am I wrong at this moment
when I hold In yonder flask a remedy
for one of the most awful diseases to
which humanity is • a victim? ' Shall I
The Doctor shook his head; he was
amused at her offer.
"No," he said, "it is not help of that
kind, Miss Venn, j It is a service which,
If : we are successf-ii, will make my
name beloved: by woman., It is a gift
to humanity, I put it In a word. It Is
the gift, of -beauty." :^^.^'H- :^<y>V-
Tes, I see that you are concerned about
my windows. I shut out the day— why?
Because the day. annoys me."
He cast a pen aside, and rising, be
gan to pace the room with his hand*
behind his back, the figure of a mas
ter Introducing himself to his pupil.
Esther" was delighted " to listen. Her
desire to know became almost impa
tience.'
"Yes," he went on, "I am a peculiar
person, Miss Venn, principally because
1^ shun my fellows. Imagine a case! I
have an abstruse subject. I believe
that I am on the threshold of some dis
covery which will be helpful to my fel
low-men. For the time being I live in
the heavens. Then a gardener crosses
my lawn, supposing there " are win-'
dows, and I ask myseir why he is go
ing' home to dinner at half-past eleven
o'clock. Bathos, you say? I admit it.
Unless' 'we go Into the desert, we can
not escape it. Some day if you are
willing, we will go there together; but
it will be of your free consent, not upon
compulsion." ' ¦
He threw himself Into one of the
great armchairs near to the sofa upon
which, she was sitting, and stared at
her In a wav;that she would .have re
sented from any other. For the first
time now she could analyze his fea
tures and form her own ideas of his
age and character. She said that he
would be nearlng his fortieth year. Not
a single vein of gray could be detected
In the thick black hair which fell in
natural curls about his well-shaped
head. His skin was clear and fresh,
almost like a . boy's. The wonderful
A pretty gown of French muslin had
been laid upon a chair In Esther's
dressing room while she slept, and she
found other witnesses to her maid's
industry and the forethought of those
who harbored her. Everything had
been prepared for her upon the lavish
scale which the later day art of luxury
demands in a rich man's House. Esther
was so unaccustomed to anything but
the barest necessities that this pro
sion bewildered her, and she dressed
timidly like one who is afraid of a gift
arid the price which must be paid for
It. Nor could the fail to contrast her
fortunes of to-day with those of yes
terday. Then she put on her shabby
gown in a dismal attic overlooking the
Tottenham Court road- Her neighbors
had been the poor tenants of the mean
houses, the poverty-rtricken, and the
starving. The very breezes came to
her laden with the city's grime. The
green lanes of her own Devonshire
seemed so far away. To-day she awoke
In a palace of the story books. Marble,
exquidtely white, paneled her bath
room, water ran clear as crystal in her
bath of porcelain, the fragrance of
roses perfumed the sweet air of morn
ing, the launs below ner window
t.aupht up the dancing beams of light
and hid them in a heart of emerald.
A eense of rest and happiness pos
sessed her., and was not ..part from
siatitude. What right had she to be
In such a hous*. or to enjoy such lux
uries? To what end were they offered
her? She could not answer. There
must be the- secret, she thought.
Esther had no watch, and she did
not know what time it was, nor If the
others were already about When she
had drtssed herself, and taken one last
T>cet» in the glass, without any great
thought of her appearance, she went
dovn stairs a little doubtfully, half be
lieving thct it was very early, and that
she t. ouJd Snd none but the servants
in the dinir.s rucra. In this, however.
CHAPTER V
she was mistaken, cs an English chub
by-faced boy-in-buttons, whom she dis
cc-vered v in the hall, hastened to assure
her. Esther could not altogether ac
count for it, but the presence of this
English lad reassured her. She asked
him who he was, and he answered lo
quaciously:
"I'm Billy, miss; I blacks the boots."
"Then please to tell me what time it
is, Billy?"
Billy wiped a very black hand* upon
a cheek scarcely whiter.
'It's ten o'clock." said he. "or eleven
— call it somewhere betwixt and be
tween, miss."
The intelligence was a little vague;
its deficiencies did not occur to Billy.
"They won't say anything to you,
'cause you're new," he went on. "I al
ways get up when I wakes, but that
ain't early enough for 'em! You'll ex
cuse me not blacking your boots, miss,
'cause they're brown. I know I ain't
done right— Billy never does!"
Esther assured Billy that he was a
paragon of wisdom and went on into
the dinir.g room. Madame Julia, whose
ample figure carried a dark green rid
ing habit well enough, sat already at
the table reading her letters: but Doc
tor Xavier was not there, nor had a
place been laid for him. Esther had
been prepared to apologize for her late
appearance, but Julia would not hear
of it. saying that it was Liberty Hall,
and that every one came down exactly
wh»n he or she pdeased.
"I never dress until I wake: that's
Irish, my dear, but true. When you
get to my aso, you'll snatch every hour
of sleep you can and be glad of it.
Imasrine it, I am thirty-three next
Mbrch, and every hair of my head is
beginning to say, 'Passe! Passe!' In
five years' time it will be somebody
else's hair, and I shall be resigned."
Esther laughed with her and felt
ereatfy relieved. Whatever her doubts
had been when she was alone in her
own room, the presence of these gentl*
people invariably banished them. '< Her*
was a woman, whom she had seen for
the first time yesterday, treating her
with greater kindness than she had
ever known in her life. The refine
ments of the household, the luxury of
her surroundings, never once troubled
Esther with any recognition of social
inferiority or dependence. She was re
ceived just like any honored guest.
Madai;.e Julia posed as a merry wo
man of the world, who had an old
friend to entertain. She talked of balls
and theaters and of the friends she
had met in the Row that morning.
She premised Esther that they should
drive together at five o'clock.
"We'll go into the Park before din
ner; and I must try and persuade the
Doctor to take us to the theater after
ward. He is dreadfully difficult, my
dear. -When you are as old as I am,
you will say that all men are. If you
will, they won't; and if you won't—
well, it depends upon their will! I am
one of the miserables who have to
obey. I often wonder if any one in this
world is brave enough to contradict
my brother Francisco!"
She did not know what these few
Eimple words meant to the young girl
who heard her. When that wooden
door closed upon Esther yesterday with
such a dismal clang'. It had seemed like
the door of some prison opening rarely
to the world without. But if they were
to drive in Hyde Park, if they were to
go to the theater, what possible cause
had she for alarm, Esther asked her
self. Could she not leave the house
any day, go back if she would to Lon
don's solitude and the vortex of her
misfortunes? She knew that she could.
She was half afraid of her liberty.
The remembrance of that garret was
like that of some prison cell from
which a friendly hand had delivered
her. She prayed God that she might
never go back there.
"We will meet at lunch, my dear,"
Julia continued, when breakfast was
done, and the list of the long letters
had been twice read. "You must go
to my brother this morning and see if
you cannot help him, He is waiting
for you in the laboratory. If you do
not feel equal to it/ please tell me so,
and it shall be another day. But I am
sure he would be very glad if you went
this morning."
Esther said at once that she would
be delighted to go. She had come to
the house to make herself useful, and
her habits of industry did not brook
delay. To this Julia answered that her
brother would be well pleased; and
waiting only to gather up her untidy
letters, she conducted Esther at once
across the quadrangle, and they stood
at the door of the laboratory. Esther
has confessed in later years that this
morning of waiting at the Doctor's
door was one she would never forget
to her life's end. Hitherto, she had
been unable to imagine, in any way,
the services which Doctor Xavier
claimed of her. That they were of a
'common kind, the house and its ap
pointments forbade her to believe. If
they were secretarial duties, nothing
. would have been easier than to say so
at the first interview; but deeper mat
ters were hinted at, and now they were
to be made known. Esther trembled
in spite of herself when she entered
that strange room. She knew from the
first that it was a clever man's holy of
holies; but the reality surpassed her
imagination. *. - >. a
Let us follow her to a vast apart
ment, windowless but gloriously light
ed, though the lampa which illumined
it were Invisible. A mellow radiance,
white and soft and pleasing, flowed
down through sT frieze of crystal, fan
tastically cut into shapes like those of
fabulous diamonds. Hangings of gold
green silk fell in many folds and hid
the paneled walls behind them. The
oddest statues, bizarre, fantastic, some-,
times horrible, figures brought from
the distant East, brazen gods from
Burmah, the finer .work of European
artists, filled the corners and decorated
the ledge beneath the frieze. Of the
common appurtenances of a scientist
few were visible. A microscope stood
by the Doctor's table. In : an alcove,
to which a flirht of steps led up, a
dome-shaped roof covered a great tele
scope and its machinery. There were
Eastern lamps finely wrought in silver,
whose wicks flowed In baths of per
fumed ofl. An immense circular mir
ror, swinging upon a bright steel chain,
stood close to the writing table, and
Esther perceived near by it that which
looked like a magic lantern of unusual
size. The carpet was green In tint and
very soft to the tread;, the chairs
matched It. large and luxurious and
inviting sleep. The writing table was
Chinese, oddly carved, but singularly
beautiful. Esther noticed in one of the
corners a bent figure, emblematical of
life; and this appeared to be falling
downward to the. ground with a hand
outstretched to mark the hours upon
a silver disk. This she thought to be
a clock, and she was not mistaken.
Doctor Xavier himself seemed amused
"Yes," he said, anticipating her ques
tion, "I tell the time by that.
the figure droops and sleeps, my day's
work is done. It reminds me that I
am human, and that if I ask of my
humanity too much, I shall fall as that
inanimate thing; but, unlike it, shall
not rise again. Come, Miss Venn, that's
not a bad lesson to begin with. Please
to sit in that armchair and think of it
a moment. I have a letter to write/'
Esther sat down in the chair without
saying a word. The room did not in
vite loud words. Even Madame Julia
scarcely dared to venture there; she
stood with one hand upon the knob of
the door until her brother had spoken.
Then she nodded encouragingly to Es
ther and withdrew. For many min
utes doctor and patient might have
been in ignorance cf each other's pres
ence. The silence was broken a.1 length
by the Spaniard, who turned suddenly
in his chair and asked a question.
"Well," he said, "I find an exemplary
patient. She Is full of curiosity and
she does not say a word. She sees
that this is a very strange room and
is too polite to remark it. Is not that
so. Miss Venn? You are saying that
it is an uncomfortable place?"
'"I was thinking it," replied Esther,
frankly; "it is not uncomfortable, but
peculiar."
"Exactly, peculiar. The abode of a
rnan who does not like the sunlicht.
3for quite a long time, and while Julia's
eyes were everywhere, and she nodded
continuously to her friends and named
them for this great person or that,
Esther was very willing to be a faith
ful listener, and to hide herself from
observation, if that were possible. She
had. indeed, just congratulated herself
that they would escape with the merest
recognition, when fhe observed her
companion flush suddenly, whether
with surprise or pleasure she could not
tell; and Immediately afterward a
young man, dressed as other idlers
about him, but remarkable even In
their company, stepped up to the car
riage and heM out his Hand like one
well pleased at an unexpected recog
nition.
"Mademoiselle Julia!" he cried, "is it
really Mademoiselle Julia?"
Julia had turned away for a mo
ment, as though she did not wish to'
be seen, but when the young man thus
addressed her, she turned toward him.
and answering in French she said:
"Oh, your Highness!— can it really
be you in London?"
The newcomer laughed good-humor
edly, and, leaning upon the dashboard
jf the carriage, he fixed his eyes not
upon Julia, but upon Esther by her
side. She, on her part, tried to avoid
his glance and to appear preoccupied;
but something in the face attracted
h^r. and she discovered herself, to her
;;nnoj-ance, staring at him continually.
"Yes," he went on, still in French,
but so slowly that she could under
stand him without difficulty, "yes, I
am in London, mademoiselle. You,
perhaps, will know the reason why."
Julia did not respond immediately to
this appeal. She appeared to be much
distressed, and anxious to terminate
the interview.
"I do not know the reason, Prince,"
she protested, and then she added, "I
im sure my brother Is no wiser."
The young man's face ctouded at the
words, and he could not conceal the
embarrassment which her answer put
upon him.
"I thought your brother would have
written before," he continued almost
reproachfully; "but there Is some ex
planation, no doubt. If the Doctor
would care to make it to me. I am at
Claridge's Hotel. Please take my mes
sage to him, mademoiselle: It would be
in three words— 'The Prince regrets.'
Can you remember that— 'The Prince
regrets?' "
Julia's face regained some of its lost
color and Bhe appeared to win back
her confidence.
"You cannot regret as he regrets.
Highness. 1 am afraid It is all too late
now — the past has made the future.
But I shall deliver the message — oh.
yes. it ¦.ould be "ust to you both."
She drew herself up with a dignity
which astonished Esther not a little;
while the Prince— for thus he had been
addressed — hesitating for a few min
utes, turned to Esther at last and said:
"Pray present me to your charming
companion."
Julia had forgotten even that she had
a companion, and she started at the
mention of her name.
"How rude of me — how very rude!
Of course, I will present her. This is
my friend. Miss Venn — Esther, dear.
His Highness, the Prince of Cadi."
Esther had never been so troubled
In all her life. She did not know what
to say, what to do. She was not sure
•whether she should offer her hand or
withhold it. Very wisely, therefore,
fehe said nothing, and the Prince, after
a few commonplace remarks, bowed
and withdrew. Julia at once ordered
the coachman to return, and they drcve
away rapidly toward Regent's Park.
It was evident to Esther that her
friend was greatly troubled. The meet-
Ing had quite upset her. She admitted
as much by and by.
"This will be very unpleasant news
for the Doctor, my dear. He has
dreaded something of this kind ever
since he came to London. You must,
like a good girl, just go away to your
own room when I tell him. He and the
Prince were old friends, child. They
quarreled a year ago; I have never
known why, but I am sure my brother
•was not in the wrong. You can im
agine how much it grieves him. I am
trembling like a child at the thought of
telling him."
Esther saw that it was true; and she
was very glad when the carriage en
tered the drive of their house, and the
doors once more closed upon her. The
butler Bald that his master was in the
study, and Julia went there at once;
while Esther ran up to her own room,
and finding Mouton, her dog, waiting
wistfully by the window, she sat down
in a low chair and took him upon her
knees.
"Oh, my pet, what strange things
are happening to us!" 6he said, In her
childishly philosophical way. "Where
are we going to, Mouton— what's to be
come of us? Who are these people?
Will they be our friends?— tell me, Mou
ton. tell me. teU me!"
The dog laid his paws upon her lap,
and looked up into her face as only a
dog can look. Across the court Esther
• heard the sound of voices, but chiefly
that of Francisco Xavier himself, now
cious Julia at once began to satisfy
her curiosity.
"There's been a dreadful scene, my
dear, I knew there would be. Francis
believed that the Prince was in Madrid,
and he is very angry with him for
coming to London. He neglects his
country, my dear, and it will end in
ruin. I told you how they quarreled;
and I am dreadfully rrightened that
harm may come c-f it. If the Prince
should call here, I dare not think what
they would do. You must be his good
angel, Esther; you must be kind to my
brother now."
It was like the chapter of a romance
to Esther, and she was surprised at the
interest with which she found herself
listening to this candid admission.
That come mystery attended the pres
ence of the young Prince in London,
had been evident to her from the be
ginning; and these fragments of the
truth but whetted her appetite for
more. She was ashamed to tell herself
that her Interest was in the man and
not in his country, of which she knew
nothing; but fehe was aware that this
was the case, and she tried to hide it
from Julia.
"You said that Doctor Xavier and the
Prince were old friends, dear Julia,"
she answered presently. "Will they
never be reconciled? I don't under
stand it, of course; but I always think
that when people have quarreled it is
better for them to meet and speak to
each other. I am sure that your
brother would not . bear animosity
against any one."
Julia shook her head.
"The kindest of men are the slowest
to forgive, Esther. My brother has
suffered much at the Prince's hands;
he has been patient— too patient— for
years. I do not think he- will ever for
give him. If he does, it will be because
you ask him to."
The words astonished Esther more
than she could say.
"Because I ask him, dear Julia! How
can it concern me? Oh, I am sure that
I should never ask him!"
"Never be sure of anything, child.
I used to be sure of things a few years
ago, but I am not so rash now. Fran
cis Is hoping so much In you. He
She dressed at leisure, knowing that
she was in good time to-day. Her
work would begin after breakfast, and
her anxiety that there should be no de
lay had awakened her at an early
hour. In the garden below gardeners
were gathering the rose leaves and
watering the lawns. Esther fell to
wondering how many servants there
were in the house, and was busy with
her reckoning when some one knocked
upon her door; and believing it to v be
the maid, she said, "Come in." To
make to him. His face was unusually
pale, and there were dark rings be
neath his piercing eyes. She imagined
that he had suffered much in the few
hou.j which had passed since they re
turned to the house; but she had no
heart to answer him unkindly. For
that matter, her mind was already
made up to remain in a house where
so much k||)dness was shown her, and
she permitted the Doctor to assume
her consent, merely saying:
'I trust not; indeed, I am, quite con
fident of it. You will find me a willing
pupil, Doctor Xavier. I could never
forget what you have done for me."
"You will forget it at once," he said,
protestingly. "It is my first command.
The favor is on my side; it is I who
should say, 'Thank you.' We will dis
cuss it no more. The piano is open
sing to me, camarade; I like to hear
your voice."
Esther went to the piano obediently;
and while »he*sang she perceived that
the Doctor sank back upon the sofa
and closed his eyes like a man trying
to win rest. Truth to tell, a little wear
iness had fallen upon tnem all, and
when eleven o'clock came, even Julia
was ready for bed.
In spite of her new anxieties, and of
the unknown future looming before her
so mysteriously, Esther slept a dream
less sleep from which the sun of morn
ing alone awoke her. Her first thought
when she awoke was one of relief that
no silly imaginings had troubled her
sleep. The false moonlight must, after
all, have been pure imagination. The
Moor, whose face she thongnt to have
seen at her door, was surely a crea
ture of her fatigue and trouble. She
dressed this morning with greater con
fidence; and when she opened her win
dow, and the sunshine fell into the
room, and the perfume of the roses
floated up upon the sweet breeze of the
day, she confessed that it would be
difficult to find so beautiful a home, or
one in which a young girl might make
herself so happy.
Moor was a very old man. Esther
remembered the moonbeams which had
fallen upon her while she slept. It
would be natural, she thought, that
Doctor Xavier should employ strange
agents. And, he would not employ one
•whom he could not trust. She deter
mined to tell him the whole story di
rectly they met.
"Is it Doctor Xavier's orders that I
am to go to the bath now?" she asked,
determined that the man should not
find her afraid.
The Moor nodded and led the way
down the corridor.
"Yes, yes, now," he said; "his Excel
lency wishes it. You are to go to the
bath three times every day — his Excel
lency's order. I will conduct you."
He had turned to the right at the end
of the passage, and following another
corridor he showed her a quarter of the
house which she had not yet visited.
She was still very much perplexed by
all that had happened; but the new
scenes to which she was Introduced
quickly put it out of her mind and oc
cupied her interest. For the Moor had
descended a flight of marble steps
which brought them to a low arched
gate of bronze oddly decorated with
figures of nymphs and centaurs. Upon
this gate he knocked twice, and when
some one unseen opened to him, he
said:
"Enter, Senorita, if you please. They
wait for you."
It was evident that he was to leave
her here; and she confessed herself not
unwilling to be relieved of his pres
ence; Indeed, she counted the bath in
which she now found herself as not the
least of the many surprises of that
strange house. Esther at first believed
it to be a Turkish bath, although one
of unusual magnificence; for she had
read accounts of these in her father's
books, and had known women who had
ventured into such a bath in her own
city. Her curiosity was instantly
awakened, and she found herself impa
tient to gratify it. A rotunda of con
siderable altitude, paneled entirely with
white marble, lay just beyond, the
gates, and Esther observed with pleas
ure the clear cool water of a plunge
bath stirred into gentle ripples by a
murmuring spray, which fell from a
Cupid's wings. A luxurious couch,
heaped up with cushions, offered rest to
the bather; while little tables at its
side were littered with books and ivory
knick-knacks. The ceiling itself was
dome-shaped and gilded; windows of
rich stained glass permitted a changing
whose taste she recognized, was min
gled. Esther said that the same medi
cine, whatever it was, had been admin
istered in one of the sweets at dinner
yesterday. The flavor was not up
pleasant, and the effect of it was to in
duce a slight sense of languor and the
desire to rest. Just as at the mid-day
meal she had been stimulated, so this
morning and last night at dinner sleep
had been Invited. Indeed, the atten
dant at once led her from the gymna
sium to a low, vaulted mosque-like
apartment upon which it gave, and
here informed her that the bath was to
begin.
"There are' three processes, made
moiselle," she said: "first the vapor,
then the massage, and then the elec
tricity. Try to rest here, and to sleep
if you can. The bath do you a
great deal of good. You will be very
much refreshed afterward."
She made a sign to one of her assis
tants, and instantly the room was
filled by a soft vapor of steam, grate
ful to the lungs and pleasant to
breathe. Esther reposed upon one of
the long marble couches with a wooden
pillow beneath her head, and she now
folded her hands upon her breast, and
inhaled the refreshing steam. The ben
efit of this was both Immediate and re
markable. Esther had never known,
she thought, what it was to fill the
lungs to their utmost capacity with air
that both soothed and stimulated her.
She breathed for the very pleasure of
the act, long, satisfying drafts which
expanded her chest and sent the blood
coursing swiftly through her veins.
Her skin, at first harsh and dry, anon
became soft and pleasingly moist. She
experienced that pleasant content with
all the world which follows rest prop
erly employed. That any one should
resent such treatment as this, or deem
It to be empirical, never occurred to
her for a moment. Tne Doctor had
promised her that . she should be the
servant of science. She admitted that
he was keeping 'his promise, and she
knew already that she had to deal
with a master-mind. It was very still
and silent in the room, and the sere
nity of mind with which she could view
her past and the future she had chosen
for herself astonished Esther. She fell
to wondering what success would
mean. They had not called her pretty
at home, paying her that poor compli
ment of saying that 1 her face was
"pleasing." She knew that she had un
usually beautiful hair, and that her
skin was naturally fair and soft; but
Doctor Xavier was not at the dinner
table, nor did Julia offer any explana
tion of his absence. Esther imagined
that she did not wish to speak of it be
fore the servants, and in this she was
right: for when coffee had been served
in the white and gold boudoir, and the
exceedingly loneful-looking butler had
withdrawn from the room, the loqua-
CHAPTER VII.
would not hear me at all until I men
tioned your name and told him how
pleased I was that you were to stay
with us. That made him forget his
troubles. He will have something to
work for now. He will not think of
Spain all day."
She went on to say that science had
always been the Doctor's recreation.
Even when he had governed a king
dom he had given his leisure to scien
tific pursuits. Medicine owed him
much; he had discovered many new
drugs and employed them successfully.
In the medicinal use of electricity he
was a master. He hoped to confer
many benefits upon the human race be
fore he died; and he now gave his
whole time to the work .
"We shall stay in London until the
season is over— of course I would not
leave before, dear — and then we shall
go to Homburg and the mountains.
I envy you who have never been to my
own dear South! Here, in England,
you do not know what sunshine is; it
is cold and flat, and, oh, so dull! We
live in the South; we are musicians,
artists, singers; we gather flowers in
the valleys and breathe on the hills.
This London suffocates me. If It were
not for my brother, I would go away
to-morrow. But he admires your doc
tors. He says he can study here. The
libraries help him. And now he has
you— oh, my dear little Esther, I love
you for saying 'yes'!"
Esther, in fact, had never said "yes"
at all; but she was not courageous
enough to disturb her friend's happi
ness, and she began to see that her
own "yes" or "no" went for very little,
and that these people already took her
consent for granted. f Indeed, when
Doctor Xavier entered the boudoir at a
later hour, he at once crossed the room
to her and thanked her for that which
she had never promised.
"My sister has made me very glad
to-night," he said, laying a hand upon
Esther's shoulder and almost whisper
ing the words. "I knew that I had
found a little friend and comrade, but I
wished her to tell me so. We shall be
gin our work to-morrow morning. I
trust that you will never regret it,
camarade."
Esther scarcely knew what reply to
"We are nothing:, my dear — we have
our bread to get, Mouton, and we must
do our duty. Oh, help me, my pet, help
me to do right!"
Mouton gave her an answer in a
warm caress, pressing his shaggy face
close to her own. Together they
watched the twilight ran; and think
ing still, it came to Esther suddenly
that if she remained in the house, she
might see the Prince of Cadi again.
rising as in a hurricane of anger, anon
dying away to tremulous silence. In
the garden long shadows fell upon the
closing blooms and the restless leaves.
Esther's thoughts went hither, thither;
now to the bower of roses which was
her own to live and dream in if she
willed; anon to the momentous choice
she must make, and from that to the
stranger who had spoken to her in the
carriage. She had not seen many men
in her uneventful life, out this one she
thought she would remember, however
long she lived. It was not a mere
question of fine presence; he was so
unlike any man she had ever known.
His dignity of manner, the quiet gentle
acts, his kind and thoughtful face re
mained firmly set in lier memory. She
knew she could repeat every word he
had spoken. She saw him again with
his elbow resting upon the dashboard,
and his dark eyes searching her own,
and that indefinable something which
is the first link in the chain of a wo
man's affection. She hoped that It was
not by any right of birth that he had
thus earned a claim upon her memory.
She did not think that it was. She
knew that he would already have for
gotten her if, indeed, he ever gave her
a second thought. And this she con
fessed tb Mouton witn just a little
sadness.
light to fall upon the tessellated pave
ment. Facing the entrance, Ksther ob
served a flight of steps leading from
the frigldarium to a smaller apartment
wherein water flowed In silver basins,
and here were marble benches for the
bathers with douches and other appa
ratus. One of the attendants of the
bath, quite a young girl dressed in a
long blue wrapper, had received Es
ther at the bronze gates: and while
she spoke English it was with some
foreign accent which made her a little
difficult to understand. There were
others with her, young also and simi
larly attired; but they appeared to be
Japanese, and Esther did not hear
them speak. Her guide quickly inti
mated that which she wished her to do.
"We will have the drill first, made
moiselle, and then the vapor. The Doc
tor has prescribed this in your case.
You will please to undress and put on
your gown. Another day you can come
straight to us from your bedroom. It
is proper to rest as much as possible
in the bath. You can ask me any ques
tions; but please do not talk more than
is necessary."
Esther undressed as she was Instruct
ed, and having put on a loose robe of
muslin . and felt slippers, such as are
worn in Eastern baths, she followed the
attendant down the stairs and through
the lavatoTium to a bright open room,
which served the purpose of the Doc
tor's gymnasium. The accessories of
this were such as Esther had always
associated with gymnastic exercises;
but when she came to use them, she
observed the difference. The Indian
clubs, which the attendant now put
into her hands, were provided with
soft sponge-like grips, saturated with
some liquid which had a pungent odor.
Esther remembered the Arabian Nights
and how that a doctor had cured a
king by such an old device as this.
She did not, however, use the clubs
with any less confidence; and when
her body was in a glow, the attendant
led her to a curious swing, wherein,
seated In a wicker cradle with her feet
resting upon a second bar, she was
bidden to swing herself for a specified
time. From this she passed to a fa
tiguing exercise, where light weights
were lifted gradually from the floor
and as slowly set down again. The
grips of these also were found to be
saturated with the eame [ pungent
liquid. These exercises continued at
Intervals for some twenty minutes; and
when they were finished she was given
a glass of milk with which some drug,
this invitation, however, no one re
sponded, and when the knock was re
peated, she crossed the room quickly
and opened the door.
"Who Is It?" she asked.
A voice answered her out of the
darkened corridor:
"Senorita— the bath is ready."
She peered into the gloom, afraid to
credit her senses. At first glance, she
could only distinguish the long white
robe and the piercing black eyes of a
stranger; but, anon, the face took
shape. She detected a brown skin and
gleaming white teeth; and lower down,
the long, bony hands of the Arab. Es
ther knew that she had seen this man
before. His were the eyes which had
watched her while she slept. She re
cognized all too clearly the oval face
and the bronzed features — and she re
cognized them with a fear she dare not
express. Indeed, her heart beat rapid
ly, and the room seemed to swim be
fore her eyes when she said:
"What do you mean — what do you
want with me?"
It were as though this silent, threat
ening figure devoured her with a
plance. As she receded, the man ad
vanced. Esther had never been so
frightened in all her life.
"The bath Is" ready, Senorita. I am
Yussuf, his Excellency's servant. The
girl breakfasts— I come to tell you.
Please to follow me."
For a little while Esther neither
moved nor spoke. "Why had this man
dared to enter her room last night? she
was asking herself. "Why had the Doc
tor permitted it? What reason could
he give? She was angry, dazed, and not
a little terrified. Her first idea was
that she would quit the house at once,
fly from it as from an abode of danger
which she had no right to face. Then
her simple womanly logic came to her
aid. Why should she not question the
man? ' .
"I have seen you before," she said.
"You were here last night. Why did
you take the liberty?"
The Moor showed a row of gleaming
white teeth and smiled all over his sun
bronzed face. After all, he did not look
a very dangerous person.
"Do not be atraid, Senorita. I am a
very old man. I have twenty wife in
Morocco. His Excellency wished you
to sleep. Old Yussuf must obey. He
lights the sleep-lamp. He makes the
bath, Senorita. Follow him and he
will show you where."
It was an Incoherent story, but Es
ther took heart at It. Certainly, this
she did not believe herself to be
the world would call "good-lookh» v
Should the Doctor justify himself a
all, her future might be greatly
changed. Esther had always under
stood the power which beauty bestows
upon a woman. She would have been
untrue to her sex had she not wished
very much in her heart that the Doc
tor might succeed. His experiments
already interested her beyond her
hopes. Her curiosity had been awa
kened, and 6he would have been very
sorry to have drawn back.
The half of an hour passed in these
silent meditations, and at the end of
that time the attendant returned and
invited her to go to the lavatorium.
Here the Japanese girls were waiting,
and they at once took possession of
Esther; and placing her beneath a re
freshing spray of lukewarm water,
they began to massage her. Esther
had not understood until that time
what massage meant; but she quickly
became aware of Its beneficent results,
and of the skill of the operators. Nim
ble fingers chafed every muscle of her
body. Flasks of perfumed oils were
opened and rubbed gently upon her
skin. The face especially interested
those about her; and one of them, ap
parently chosen because of her greater
cleverness, eat down at Esther's side,
and bidding her shut her eyes, she en
tered upon the task like an artist who
has a picture to make. For a full
hour, at least, the work went on. Es
ther did not fret at the delay, nor find
the process tedious. Her body was
now in a warm glow, like the body of
one who has been engaged In active
and healthy exercises. She felt stronger,
capable of exertion and mentally alert.
A second glass of the milk being ad
ministered to her, she was then led to
that which her attendant called "the
chamber of lights." Here electricity
proved to be the agent of those experi
ments in which the Doctor had so
greatly interested himself. Esther per
ceived that the walls of this room were
toned to a delicate shade of green. A
single armchair, placed in the center of
the apartment, had for its neighbor
that which looked like a giant magic
lantern. From a switch-board attached
to one of the walls many electric wires
fed little lamps In shape like telescopes.
All the attendants grouped themselves
about Esther when she entered this
room, and began to fix the lamps on
iron stands and to focus their rays
upon her. Presently she sat In a very
bath of light. Beams of intense bright
ness, like those from miniature search
lights, warmed her flesh and seemed to
pierce her through. The exquisite col
ors which dazzled the eyes were in
themselves a pleasure to behold. Es
ther thought that all the hues of the
spectrum were shown to her while she
sat there. Now golden, now deep pur
ple, anon a radiant blue, bewitching
shadows of pink, the whole gamut of
the beauty of color revealed Itself to
her. When her eyes were dazzled by
the light they covered her head with a
silken veil, and so played with the
beams upon her neck and arms. She
was conscious of great warmth, but
never of a temperature that was hurt
ful. A stimulating current of elec
tricity coursed through her body and
acted upon every organ. Mentally, the
effect was bewildering in its swiftness.
Esther felt that she could face any
peril, dare any venture by the help of
that unseen force which now animated
her. Her natural timid and retiring
disposition gave place to a courage and
self-reliance most welcome to her. And
this was the remarkable thing that
these attributes did not at once pass
away when the bath was finished. Up
stairs in the frigidarium, the young
girls dressed her anew in a long morn
ing gown from Paris. They gathered
up her hair, and bound it with a gar
land of flowers. A Jeweled brooch, with
the word "remerclments" set in bril
liants, she received without question,
although she knew it was the Doctor's
morning gift to her. By what process
of reasoning It came about, she could
not say; but she began to have a great
delight in the very risks of those ex
periments. The luxury, the exhilara
tion of it all cast a spell for good or ill
upon her. The long mirror above the
figure of Cupid showed her a face she
never would have known. She began
to say that Doctor Xavler might yet
make good his words, and confer upon
her a gift whose price she did not car©
to estimate.
In the frigidarium she rested for a
full hour. It was twelve o'clock when
they opened the bronze gates and told
her that the task was over. She had
not breakfasted, and was very hungry;
and she heard with pleasure her atten
dant's final instructions.
"Breakfast is served "In your own
room, mademoiselle. The rest of the
day Is your own. Doctor Xavier is
away to-day — you are your own mis
tress."
Esther crossed the sunny garden,
scarcely knowing if aHe were awake
or dreaming. No one appeared, and
the absence both of the Doctor and the
loquacious Julia confirmed the attend
ant's words. In her own little room
she found a harvest of roses no less
rich than of yesterday. The fountain
still murmured and cast a refreshing
spray upon the cooling breezes. But
more welcome still was the breakfast
set out on its snowy cloth— the golden
wine, the lucious fruit, the snow-white
bread. Esther sat at the table and be
gan to eat with healthy appetite. The
scene, perhaps, was still unreal to her,
the change beyond her Imagination.
She would have been entirely happy In
it, and no longer regretted the consent
she had given, but for that silent voica
whlc"i still would ask. "Must no pric«
be paid; is there indeed no secret?"
She knew not; she knew nothing
how could she? — of the terrible days
before her.
Continued Next Sunday.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
4
In Tfiie Sunday Call
Magazine, A^ig'^sft I4» :
Tlhe Greatest Living' Woman Writer,
: ___ Begins a Series on Topics of tKe Day#y* ISS BELLE M. BRAIN, of
Ml Springfield, Ohio, Is known and
111 beloved throughout the entire
' missionary world for her unre
mitting, labors in rousing and sustain
ing interest among the "Christians at
home" in the: work of those who are
advancing and upholding the standard
of Christ among* heathen and semi
barbarous peoples.,. From the titles of
A very timely little book at the pres
ent hour and one good to have at the
elbow* at any time is "Strenuous EpI
. grams of Theodore Roosevelt," com
piled and published by the H. M. Cald
well Company, New York.- Not all epl
grams ' are these cullings from the
President's written and spoken words,
nor all strenuous, but every one of the
quotations has Its sound kernel of good
sense clothed In good. English. Many.
Present Spirit
of the Missions
MANCHU AND MUSCOVITE— B. L.
Putnam Weale: the Macmillan Com
pany, New York.
BRAKESPEARE— George L. Law
rence; reprint; F. M. Buckles & Co..
New York: price 51.
CRECY— Edith Lawrence: F. M.
Buckles & Co., New York; price Jl.
TRUE REPUBLICANISM — Frank
Preston Stearns; J. B. Lippincott Com
pany, Philadelphia: price $1 50.
BOOKS I HAVE READ— Melvin Hlx;
Hinds, Noble & Eldredge, New York.
TUTONISH— Ellas Molee; published
by the author, Tacoma, Wash.; price
40 cents.
Books T(eceived.
John Bassett Moore, LL D., contin
ues his series of valuable articles on
American diplomacy in Harper's Maga
zine for August. In "The Contest With
Commercial Restrictions" he relates
from inside, official sources the first en
trance of our commerce into the Chi
nese, Japanese and Korean markets.
He tells how America, through Com
modore Matthew C. Perry, made the
first treaty with Japan after the most
ingenious diplomatic advances on our
part; and the first treaty the hermit
kingdom of Korea ever entered Into
with a Western nation was made with
us in 1SS2. through the admirable dip
lomatic • offices of Commodore Shufeldt.
Thomas A. Janvier contributes an
other of his delightful articles on
France. His subject is the old Chateau
Gaillard, built by Richard Coeur de
Lion when his Duchy of Normandy wa3
few the number whose books have
remained nursery favorites. Eugene
Field's little rhymes have held their
place; James 'Vhitcomb Riley's are,
many of them, household quips; Stev
enson's "Child's Garden of Verse" is
the sweetest word given children in
many years. Whether or not "Elfin
Songs of Sunland," by Charles Keeler,
will catch a place In the childish heart
is a question not to be foreordained.
Of far more certain quality than that
of children's verse are many \ of the
other literary forms adopted by our
writers. To please a little tot Is indeed
to win full measure of success.
Truly Mr. Keeler has offered in his
little book variety enough for' the
most exacting youngster. There are
jingles of playtime, rhymes of the
IT is not an easy taak to write verses
and Jingles acceptable to children.
Many are those that have tried;
Keeler's Verses
for Little Folk
DORIS FARRAND'S Vocation."
by "Pansy" (Mrs. G. R. Aid
en), is a sweet, wholesome
story for young girls, as are all
of that author's books. It tells the
tale of a young girl's upbringing, the
formation of her character and the
happy results developing when that
character is put to the test Very lit
tle exaggeration of sentiment is there
in the book and that only to emphasize
the sound moral that the writer seeks
to bring to the fore. No Sunday-school
book is "Doris Farrand's Vocation,"
but a thoroughly interesting little story
which suffers nothing from pointing an
obvious lesson. <- ->'>•;
Doris, her sister 'Athalie, Richard
Shipley and Garrett Randall are the
four personages about whom the ac
tion of the story centers. Athalie,
sweet, self-sacrificing always, and the
two young men, true both of them to
their ideals, are as surely drawn as
Doris herself. When, In the course of
the story; the time comes for the hero
ine to choose between what is ethically
right and what is opportunely though
legally right the author brings to the
telling of Doris* decision a fine strength
of narrative commensurate with the
demands of the situation. That the
last chapter of the story brings a g*en
ulne surprise to the reader but adds to
the genuine pleasure of the reading.
(The Lothrop Publishing Company,
Boston, illustrated; price $1 50.)
One of the grave questions that the
next Congress will have to meet is the
new treaty arrangements with the Chi
nese Government, as the period of the
exclusion act terminates In December.
The powerful Chinese Six Companies
is already at work in the interests of
its vastly lucrative traffic in Chinese
labor, and there Is every reason to be
lieve that the same lavish expenditure
of wealth will be made during the fall
that has marked the policy of this pow
erful and dangerous body in past
years. In view of this fact Dr. Charles
Frederick Holder's brilliant, exhaustive
and fascinating historical sketch of the
Chinese Six Companies, entitled "The
Dragon in America," which occupies
the place of honor in The Arena for
August, will command general atten
tion, and to citizens of California. Ore
gon and Washington it will occasion
particular satisfaction. Hitherto there
has been much heated controversy on
the Chinese question, but seldom it
ever has the true Inwardness of this
issue been so ably and so Judicially
presented as has been done by Dr.
Holder In this remarkable paper. Cer
tainly never before has the un-Ameri
can character of the traffic In Chinese
labor been so clearly pointed out.
For many years the August number
of Scribner's Magazine has been the
fiction number of the year, noted for
its selection of the best short stories
obtainable, with the most beautiful and
elaborate Illustrations in color, and In
black and white.
The Issue of this year is a remarka
ble one. It contains short stories by
Rudyard Kipling, Edith Wharton,
Thomas Nelson Page, Josephine Das
kam Bacon, and others; serials by
Robert Grant and Nelson Lloyd, and
poems by Henry Van Dyke, John Fin
ley and E. S. Martin. Certainly no
more distinguished list of writers has
appeared together in a single number
of a magazine.
Kipling's story is naturally bound to
raise comment. In this he carries the
peculiar imaginative quality displayed
in "The Brushwood Boy" to still diz
zier heights of psychological sugges
tion. It is a question whether In do
ing so he has not sacrificed clarity to
the novelty of his concept. "They" is
anything but easy of understanding at
first reading.
Brief Reviews
of He cent Books
entitled "A Pagan and a Puritan";
"Susan Clegg's Cousin Marlon," by
Anne Warner, Illustrated by Mrs.
Shlnn; a "Sexton Maglnnls" story,
"The Reign of Sentiment," by Maurice
Francis Egan. In his new field, and
illustrated by Keller; "A Necrological
Romance," by Mary Agnes Griffin, and,
in a serious vein, an army story by
Captain Thomas H. Wilson, "Not Ac
cording to the Code."
adapted, we believe that her sugges
tions cannot fall to resurrect dead
meetings and to make them living
forces in the evangelization of the
world.
(Funk & Wagnalls Company, New
York; price $1.)
In other verses upon "The Coyote,"
"The Roadrunner," "Johnny Jump-
Up" and the like Keeler would in
struct the child in his first nature les
son — that of love for everything.
It is hard to judge by a young one's
standards; to count certain success for
Keeler's rhymes would be to measure
by the most uncertain of all criterions,
yet can it be well believed that many,
of his little verses will close tired eyes
when crooned from mothers' lips at
sand-man-time.
The value of the book is not a lit
tle enhanced by the very artistic form
given It, both by the decorative work
done by Mrs. Keeler and the unique
binding and printing. It Is an unusu
ally good example of tasty book mak
ing.
(Sign of the Live Oak, Berkeley;
price 75 cents.)
woods and fields, quips ana cranks
about nothing in particular and bal
lads about babies of other lands. One
merit all possess in common — a very
high merit: every verse In the book 13
down to the baby's level. No young
ster need interrupt in the reading of
them with a "What's that mean?" To
no youngster need come any doubt
concerning the particular identity and
special characteristics of "Farmer
Jones' Goat" or "The Baker Man." In
this simplicity of thought and diction
has the Berkeley poet succeeded ad
mirably.
Through another and a unique fea
ture do Keeler's child verses make a
bid for success. Over a score of the
rhymes in his book seek to lead the
little one into an understanding of
some of the beauties of nature and a
sympathy with nature's creatures. For
example, the dainty little imaginative
verse on "The Columbine":
Five doves the 'fairies took away
To the deep, dark wood one summer day.
And they hung: them up on a slender spray —
Again this:
Heigh-ho for the -"lumblne !
Red and gold were the doves they took:
"With heads outstretched the birdlings shook.
Till the fairies cans them to sleep by the
brook —
Heigh-ho for the columbine!
See the little drops of rain,
Falling, falling,
Softly calling-
Flowers back to life again.
First the blades of grass appear.
Upward creeping 1 .
Shyly peeping
O'er th« meadow far and near. '
Then the mustard spreads lti gold —
Opes Its flowers
To the showers.
Little heeding winter's cold.
Poppies' velvet petals glow;
Each newcomer ¦* »~
Thinks 'tis summer.
Though the winter breezes blow. .
And the little drops of rain,
Softly falling.
Still are calling ¦_ y- ; -¦• -
Flowers forth on hill and plain.
Very closely does Miss Barton follow
the details of the Red Cross operations
on Cuban soil from the time its shjp,
the State of Texas, anchored off Guan
tanamo before the first battle in the
hills until the last bit of relief work
was done in conquered Santiago. One
cannot but b e struck with the fact
that had it not been for the Red Cross
the mortality and suffering attending
the siege of Santiago would have been
triple what it was, for a reading of
Miss Barton's account emphasizes the
utter inadequacy of the medical staff
to cope with the situation with its mea
ger equipment: Justly did President
McKinley pay hearty meed of grati
tude to Miss Barton and the work of
the Red Cross in his message to Con
gress of December 6, 1898.
With an account of the work done
by the society at the Galveston hor
ror Miss Barton closes this record of
unselfish devotion. Considering the
hold the American Red Cross Society
has established upon the sympathies
of our people, Miss Barton need fear
no betrayal of trust when she invests
the furtherance of the good work with
us in the closing paragraph of her
book. "To you— the people of Ameri
ca—this sacred trust is committed, in
your hands the charge Is laid. To none
will your help ever be so precious as It
has been to me, for in its proud growth
and strength none will ever so need
you." .'"¦-'
(D. Appleton & Co., New York; price
n.)
the tireless energy displayed by the so
ciety in the Cuban campaign and the
unmeasured good wrought by its min
istrations brought the organization for
the first time to a place of national
recognition and widespread commenda
tion. Its province on the battlefield
had never been demonstrated in our
country until the Geneva emblem flut
tering from the hospitals at Siboney
and Guantanamo, marked the work of
blessed charity that was being done
under Its folds.
Two interesting travel papers are
"Tutulla." an interesting an dlnforminj
paper upon our Samoan possessions by
President David Starr Jordan; and "A
Selborne Pilgrimage." by Cornelius
Weygandt, who leads us to the former
habitat and to the spirit of the times
of Gilbert White, the world famous
naturalist.
John Ruskln's delightful letters to
Professor Norton are continued in this
number, and Robert Herrick's power
ful serial novel, "The Common Lot, 1 *
is completed.
Short stories are "The House of the
Dead Hand." a weird Italian romance
by Edith Wharton: "The Two Chanty-
Men," a sailor sketch by George Was
son, and "The Todd's Utopia," a hu
morous Western tale by Ella B. Wa
terbury.
Bliss Perry contributes his striking
tribute to Hawthorne, delivered at the
late Bowdoln College centenary cele
bration.
Daniel G. Mason discusses "Dis
sonance and Evil," a quaint analysis
of the connection between evil sounds
and evil doings, and Martha Baker
Dunn offers a characteristically amus
ing paper on "Temperance and Judg
ment to Come," from the "Down-East**
point of view.
The August Atlantic contains a pow
erful and instructive paper, which will
surely attract attention and create dis
cussion, upon "Unpunished Commer
cial Crime" (the way of the rich man
In eluding the law), written by George
W. Alger, author of the recent much
talked-of Atlantic paper on "Moral
Overstrain."
Miss Barton tells first of the found
ing of the American Red Cross Society;
how, returning as a special envoy of
the Geneva Convention to press the
agreement of the United States to its
Red Cross treaty, ehe gained the in
terest of President Garfield and later
the official action of President Arthur,
ratifying the Geneva pact on the part
of the United States. This was in the
winter of 1SS0-81. The society which
Miss Barton had formed with a view
to carrying the flag of comfort to all
stricken persons, whether by war, fire
or plague, had scarce a thousand dol
lars in the treasury, and was known of
few. Yet when the devastating floods
in the Ohio River came in the winter
of 1SS4 the president of the new society
and Dr. Hubbel. the first medical di
rector. Bet bravely out on the swollen
river with the strange device of Gene
va flying from their bteamer and with
blessed relief for hundreds of naked,
starving sufferers. Thus does Miss
Barton sketch the picture of their res
cue work:
"Picture, if possible, this scene. A
Etiange ship with a strange flag steam
ing up the river. It halts, turns from
its course, and draws up to the near
est landing. Some persons disembark
and speak a few minutes with the fam
ily. Then, a half dozen strong me
chanics man a small boat laden with
all material for constructing a one
room house — floor, roof, doors, windows.
The boat returns for furniture. Within
three hours the strange ship sails
away, leaving a bewildered family in
a new and clean house with bed, bed
ding, clothing, table, chairs, dishes,
candles, a little cooking-stove with a
blazing fire, all the common quota of
cooking utensils, and meat, meal, and
groceries; a plow, rake, ax, hoe,
shovel, spade, hammer and nails. We
ask few questions. They ask none.
The whistle of the Troop is as welcome
to their ears as the flag to their eyes."
Vividly does the writer depict the ter
rible scenes attendant upon the awful
Johnstown flood in May, 1S89, and de
tail the work of succor done there by
the Red Cross Society, now grown to
wider recognition and greater strength.
Six frame buildings, known as "Red
Cross Hotels," were put up immediate
ly to furnish some protection from the
elements to the homeless survivors.
For three thousand hastily constructed
dwellings the Red Cross supplied com
plete furnishings. The society's books
showed the record of over twenty-five
thousand people served directly by its
aid. Supplies to the value of $211,000
were housed, handled and distributed
by Miss Barton and her assistants.
Equally as interesting as the re
countal of the relief work at John
town are Miss Barton's chapters on the
Russian famine in 1S91, and the relief
of the Armenians after the massacre
of '96. It Is upon the record of Red
Cross in Cuba during the Spanish war,
however, that we fix our closest atten
tion. It Is probably safe to say that
dent of that society of mercy for
nearly twenty-five years. Herein one
may read with wonderment the tale of
many an unknown succor rendered and
many a gentle benison bestowed upon
the suffering and needy by the great
society whose works are not vaunted
abroad and whose beneficent powers
are known best by those that feel them.
In thus giving to the world the record
of the charities done by the society
she has headed for these years, Clara
Barton unconsciously reveals the great
worth of the work she herself has done
for humanity. For either as director
of work abroad or in actual field serv
ice this good woman has spent the
major portion of her life in gen
tle ministrations to the afflicted,
has grown gray in the service of
humanity. So it is that her book,
designing to tell only the history of
the American Red Cross Society** many
activities, is thrice valued as the rec
ord of a strong woman's years of self
sacrificing labor.
*•% SMALL book, but fascinating
rJ from cover to cover, is "A Story
y * of the Red Cross," by Clara
Barton, the indefatigable presi-
i^lara iSarton
and T(ed Cross
(The Macmillan Company, New
York, illustrated; price 51 50.)
illumination, each outlandish arab
esque must be duly traced if the im
print is to possess any of the worth
of the original.
Pearson's for August has more than
usual of light reading— to accord with
days when one is not disposed to taka
the world too seriously. A new serial,
"Dr. Nicholas Stone," opens attractive
ly. It Is a detective story, and prom
ises to be full of action and of human
interest. Then there Is "A Sheaf of
Ghost Stories." edited by the Duke cf
Argyll, whose name is guarantee for
their trustworthiness; a fine story by
Norman Duncan, "The Wreck of the
Will o* the Wisp' "; a chronicle of Don
Q-, by K. and Hesketh Prichard. "How-
He Balanced Accounts With a King of
Finance"; an Indian nights enter
tainment story by A. Sarath Kumar-
Ghosh— "The Casket of Kali." and four
shorter stories, all very bright and en
tertaining. The solid matter consists
of Albert BIgelow Palne'g article oa
"Nast and the Ring," in the Thomas
Nast series; the first of Dr. Cyrus
Townsend Brady's three papers on
"War With the Sioux." in the Indian
Fights and Fighters series, and "The
Combat on Beaver Creek," by General
Eugene A. Carr. The magazine con
tains the Home Notes department as
usual. The Illustrations are good and
In large number. The cover is notice
able, being a reproduction in color of
Thomas Nast's "Brains" cartoon, that
well-known portrait whose head is a
money bag.
THE August Century Is In fact as
well as In name a midsummer
holiday number, being pervaded
with the holiday and outdoor
spirit. The number is crowded
with holiday fealures: "The New-
Coney Island." by Albert Bigelcw
Paine, with drawings by Tohn; "Visit
ing in Country Houses," by Eliot Gre
gory, with drawings by Charlotte
Harding; "The Old and Novel Sport of
Archery," by A. B. Casselman. apropos
of the Olympic games at St. Louis,
illustrated; "Lombard Villas." by
Edith Wharton, with Parrish's pic
tures; "What Do Animals Know?" by
John Burroughs.- Six or seven poems
add further to the seasonable charac
ter of the number. There Is also a con
tinuation of Andrew D. White's anec
dotal recollections of "Russia in War
time," and a reproduction of Volk's
handsome painting, "The Belle of the
Colony."
Besides "The Touth of Washington,"
told in the form of an autobiography
by Dr. S. Weir Mitchell, the historical
accuracy of which has not yet been
assailed, and Jack London's absorbing
tale, **The Sea-Wolf," there Is a va
riety of diverting and humorous short
Etorles of separate interest: A second
of the Madigan stories by Miriam
Mlchelson. illustrated by Lowell and
The Magazines
for This Month
of the sharp, terse sentences have al
ready become familiar through much
quotation. Others there are which have
escaped notice In the length of a
speech or a document, but they are
equally worthy of remembering. This
is a good book to have at hand.
somewhat doubtfully loyaL On the
most dangerous point of his frontier
Richard established this defiant and
taunting fortress, and there It was a
bone of contention for four hundred
years. Mr. Janvier writes most enter
tainingly cf its curious history, and Its
present aspect and surroundings are
presented in Walter Appletori Clark's
unique drawings.
A wonderfully fine dog story, by
Elizabeth Stuart Phelps. is contributed
to Harper's for August, under the title
"Jonathan and Davit!." Jonathan
Perch, once a school teacher, now a
destitute but self-respecting old man.
lived alone with his dog David, a collie
of remarkable intelligence. David was
about to be sacrificed in the pound for
lack or payment of h's dog; tax. But
fate took a hand, and the two friends.
the dog and the old man. were not only
restored to each other, but became, by
natural but unlooked-for means, re
spected citizens of the little town that
so signally failed to understand their
mutual devotion. The tale, in its
pathos and warm-hearted quality, la
strongly suggestive of Dickens' short
stories.
" 'Take one dimly lighted church par
lor, at a temperature not to exceed six
ty degrees; add a few people— the old
er the better — drawn together by a
strong sense of duty and an apologetic
announcement. Begin to stir to «low
music or a formal prayer at from five
to twenty minutes late; drop in one at
a time, ad infinitum, some not over
fresh facts relating to the geography
and customs of any mission field. Close
up all outlets and let stand, but do not
fail to extract a few pennies from each
atom present.' "
Miss Brain hag given us in this vol
ume an antidote and a substitute for
all such treatment. If adopted and
"Not long ago we saw a prescription
warranted to 'kill a missionary meet-
Ing.' It may be stated somewhat as
follows:
two- of Miss Brain's former books,
"Fuel for Missionary Fires" and "Fifty
Missionary Programs," the glowing
spirit and practical character of her
writings may be Inferred. In "Holding
the Ropes" she has summed up and
systematized all her original ideas, and
her clever applications to mission work
of the most approved methods In the
pedagogical and evangelical fields. As
Delavan L. Plerson, an editor of The
Missionary Review of the World, in
which the chapters composing the pres
ent book originally appeared, says in
his introduction to the volume, "The
study of missions is a science, and the
management of a missionary meeting
is an art Therefore, -when so great in
terests are at stake. Miss Brain must
be commended for her earnestness and
thoroughness in presenting to mission
ary workers at home the most ad
vanced scientific methods of study and
the most artful means of arousing the
Interest of indifferent church members
and listless Sunday-school scolars."
Dr. Arthur T. Pierson writes, in his
"The Crisis of Missions":
Deeping Writes
; a True Romance
•^ T !a " «•'• have it— the true.
f \ dyed-in-the-wool, old-time ro-
Liofl mantic novel, hall-marked with
*' •* the stamp of Clara Reeve and
/ Ann Tladcliffe. Warwick Deep
ing, the young Er.slish writer,
r;;»s given us this precious revival of a
glCry 5 jssed fn his 'Love Among the
¦ / Head it. and be convinced
ling so gorgeously romantic,
i". riotously colored^ has been done
V. e Buhrer Lytton laid dewn th«
?*:n and Disraeli forsook literature for
-. ratecraft.
.. N> halting, half-hearted return to the
'.ays of red romance in this story of
i~>eej>ins's. He makes no compromise
I with present-day ethics of fiction by
• lothinp a commonplace love and ad
venture tale in the panoply of a past
Age and putting: it forth as a "historical
romance" — that greatly abused term.
On the contrary, like Walpole, earliest
of trie romanticists, and his "Castle of
Otranto." Deeping: has narrowed his
feiory to no set bounds of time and
place nor incorporated therein any per-
of history. Rather in some de
tectable country of his own Imagining.
running brimful with the spirit of chiv
alry and the lust of fighting, has he
"woven the threads of a story such as
our ' great-great-grandfathers used
'greedily to devour by candle light. Here
' is rhe author's most definite limning in
cf the scene of his heroic tale:
"From the mountainous north to the
warm .southern sea, from the wooded
vest to the eastern fens, the good King
ruled, holding many great Barons in
• feudal faith and casting his fetters of
gold over church and state. Chivalry
moved through the world to the clangor
of anr.s and the songs of the trouba
dour. Lutes counded on terrace and in
garden; fair women bloomed like roses,
bathed in a sensuous blaze of romance.'
Baron made war on Baron; glory and
death were crowned together. The
•fainter snread his colors in the halls
of the great; the goldsmith and the
carver wrought wondrous things to
."charm the eve. Church bells tolled.
abbots carried the stverd and
wnade fine flutter among the women.
Innumerable saints crowded the ave
nues to heaven. It was a fair age and
• very lovely, full cf color and desire,
- nvjsic and the odor of romance."
The writing' of a. book such as "Love
. Among the Ruins" must be recognized
• as being a distinct literary achieve-
# mtnt, for, like Maurice Hewlitt's "The
. Forest Lovers," it is a distinct return
to the earliest tyre of the romance,
faithfully executed aiong the lines es
tablished by the school of the latter
' eighteenth century. All of the exagger
ated spirit cf chivalry is reproduced;
the laws ol feudalism and the codes of
the church give their Impress to the
. Etory. "Battles, sieges, eudden sallies
from hidden woods, the rescuing of
maidens in distress, oaths sealed by a
kiss .en the sword's hilt, the haughty
. sending cf battle gages— the entire
paraphernalia cf the old romance
. writer's stock in trade is fitted without
a gaD into this new century copy of
the century-old prototype. As in "The
Castle of Otranto," there are secret
stairways, mysterious panels in the
walla, darkly treacherous recesses
¦where a sudden stab from an unseen
arm brings death— so has Deeping cen
tered a large part of his plot about a
rock-hewn, cavern cf secret egress hid
den in forbidding woods, and he has
given to it terrible portent of mystery-
Dark conclaves of a society of death
in the catacombs of a walled city, plots
against thrones and feudal castles, the
conjuring up of a vision by mechanical
* tricks — really, the author has put "The
Mysteries of Udolpho," imprime 1794,
quite in the second place in the matter
of romantic incident.
Characteristically does the novel
f open under the fierce glow of a pil
laged and burning castle. Yeoland,
daughter of the murdered Rual of
. Cambremont. left utterly alone in the
•world, finds shelter in the cavern fast
ness of Fulviac. erstwhile court gen
' tlernan. turned robber and revolution
ist- Quickly the author carries his
tale oa through the machinations ol
• Fulviac and his secret society of Jac
querie, telling how the rabble is pre
paring a great uprising against King
and nobles, how Teoland becomes the
sainted leader of the band by divine
inspiration, mechanically manipulated;
' how Lord Flavian, chief of the nobles,
becomes enarcd in the love links of
' the girl saint Teoland herself. Then
.fallow some vividly portrayed scenes
'at carnage — the sack of Gilderoy.
" tlje onslaught of Flavian's band at
Gambrevcult — doT,-g and the des
perate clege of Castle Gambrevault lt
'self. Love triumphs at last among the
nfost complete array < ruins that any
author could conceive.
Deeping: has borrowed for his nar
rative style all the florid word color
" 'irgs and highly pigroented metaphore
" <j£ the old school romanticists. Things
are ever in "a purple haze. Eunflecked
with gold." or the clouds are "effulgent
mounts of fire, hurled from the
abysmal furnace of the sun." This
might become very tiresome did we
- believe that it came from the riotous
extravagance of the author's own con
' ceit, but we must remember that he is
but reproducing, very faithfully, the
• old rom; e. line for line. In copy
. insr_ancient manuscripts every quaint
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALU
5
A REVIEW OF SOME NEW BOOKSTHE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
6
fr ol' man Thurman an' Tom Hendricks an' Aldy Stevenson be
fure he became a professional vice-prisidint. They thought it was
an honor, but if . ye'd read their bio-graphies to-day ye'd find at
th' end: Th' writer will pass over th' closin' years iv Mr. Thtir
mah's career hurriedly. It is enough to say iv thi^ painful
peryod that afther a lifetime iv devoted sarvice to his counthry th'
statesman's declinin' days was clouded be a gr-reat sorrow. Ho
become vice-prisidint iv th' United States. I Oh, how much bet
ther 'twere that we shtid be sawed off arly be th' gr-reat reaper
Death thin that a life iv honor shud end in ignomy.' It's a turr
ble thing. I read in th' pa-aper four years ago: 'Foul plot again
Thaydore Rosenfelt. Platt an' Hanna schame to make him vice
prisidint' I r-read th' other day: 'Attack on Joe Cannon. Odell
proposes him fr vice-prisidint. Cannon pleadin' with his frinds
' to save him.' Bimeby whin th' campatgn comity runs short iv
funds they'll raise the wind be goin' around and threatenin' plu
thrycrats with th' nommynation. Ye'll hear people say : 'That boy
will come to no good end. He will be vice-prisidint.'
"If ye say about a man that he's good prisidintial timber
he'll buy ye a dhrink. If ye say he's good vice-prisulintial tim
ber, ye mane that he isn't good enough to be cut into shingles an'
ye'd betther be careful. ; It's sthrange, too, because it's a good
job. I think a man cud put in four years comfortably in th' place
, if he was a sound sleeper. What ar-re his jooties, says yc ? Well,
durin' th' campaign he has to do a good deal iv th' rough out
side wurruk. Th' candydate fr prisidint is at home pickin' out
th' big wurruds in th' ditchnry an firin' thim at us fr'm time to
time. Th' candydate f'r th' vice-prisidincy is out in Ioway yellin'
fr'm th' back iv a car or a dhray. He goes to all th' church fairs
an' wakes an' appears at public meetin's between a cornet solo
an' a glee club. He ought to be a man good at repartee. Our
now hohored (be some) prisidint had to retort with th' very hands
that since have signed th' Pannyma canal bill to a Colorado
gintleman who accosted him with z. scantling. An' I well ray
mimber another candydate, an' a gr-rcat man, too, who replied to
a gintleman in Shelbyville who made a rude remarje be threatenin'
him as though he was an open fireplace. It was what Hogan
calls a. fine cut an' incisive reply. Yes, sir, th' candydate fr vice
prisidint has a busy time iv it durin' th' campaign, hoppin' fr'm
town to town, spcakin', shakin' hands with the popylace, who call
him Hal or Charlie, dodgin' bricks, fightin with his audjeence
an' diggin' up f r th' fi-nance coomity. He has to be a^n all-round
man. He must be a good speaker, a pleasant man with th' ladies,
a fair boxer an' rassler, something iv a liar, an' if he's a Raypub
lican campaignin' in Missouri an active sprinter. If he has all
thim qualities he may or may not receive a majority at th' pools,
an', no man will know whether they voted for him or not.
"Well, he's ilicted. Th' ilictors call on th' candydate fr prisi
dint an' hand him th'. office. They notify th' candydate fr vice
prisidint through th' personal columns iv th' pa-apers: 'If th'
tall, dark gintleman with ha'zel eyes, black coat an' white vest who
was nommynated at th' convintion fr vice-prisidint will call at
headquarters he will hear iv something to his advantage.' So he
buys a ticket an' hops to Wash'nton, where he gets a good room
suited -to his station right above th' kitchen an' overlookin' a
woodyard. Th' prisidint has to live where he is put, but th' vice
prisidint is free to go anny where he likes where they are not
partickler. .Th' constichoochion provides that th' prisidint shall
have to. put up with darky cookin', but th' vice-prisidint is per
mitted to eat out. Ivry mornin' it is his business to call at th*
White House an' inquire afther th' prisidint's health. Whin told
that th' prisidint was niver betther he gives three cheers an' de
parts with a heavy heart. Th' feelin' iv th' vice-prisidint about th'
prisidint's wcll-bein' is very deep. On rainy days he calls at th'
White House an' begs th' prisidint not to go out without his rub
bers. He has Mrs. Vice-Prisidint knit him a shawl to protect his
throat again th' night air. If th' prisidint has a touch iv fever, th'
vice-prisidint gets a touch iv fever himself. He has th' doctor
on th' 'phone'durin' th' night. 'Doc, I hear th' prisidint is onwell,'
he says. 'Cud I do anny thing f r him — anny thing like dhrawin'
his salary or appintin' th' postmasther at Injyannapolis ?' It is
princip'lly because iv th' vice-prisidint that most iv our prisidints
have enjoyed such rugged health. Th' vice-prisidint guards th'
prisidint, an' th' prisidint afther sizin' up th' vice-prisidint con
cludes that it wud be betther fr th' country if he shud live yet
awhile. 'D'ye know,' says th' prisidint to th' vice-prisidint, 'ivry
time I see you I feel tin years younger.' 'Ye'er kind wurruds,'
says th' vice-prisidint, 'brings tears to me eyes. My wife was
savin' on'y this mornin' how comfortable we ar-re in our little flat.*
Some vice-prisidints have been so anxious Fr th' prisidint's safety
that they've had to be warned off th' White House grounds.
"Aside fr'm th' arjoos duties iv lookin' afther th' prisidint's
health, it is th' business iv th' vice-prisidint to preside over the de
liberation iv th' Sinit. Ivry mornin' between ten an' twelve he
swings his hammock in th' palachial Sinit Chamber an* sinks off
into dhreamless sleep. He may be awakened be Sinitor Tillman
pokin' Sinitor Hoar in th' eye. This is wan way th' Sinit has iv
deliberatin*. If so, th' vice-prisidint rises fr'm- his hammock an'
says : Th' Sinitor will come to ordher.' 'He won't/ says th* Sini
tor. 'Oh, very well,' says th' prcsidin' officer, 'he won't,' an'
dhrops off again. It is his jooty to rigorously enforce th' rules
iv th' Sinit. There ar-re none. Th[ Sinit is ruled be courtesy, like
th' longshoremen's union. Th' vice-prisidint is not expected to
butt in much. It wud be a breach iv Sinotoryal courtesy fr him
to step down an' part the Sinitor fr'm Texas an' th' Sinitor fr'm
Injyanny in th' middle iv a debate undher a desk on whether
Northern gintlemen ar-re more gintlemanly thin Southern gintle
men. I shudden't wondher if he thried to do it if he was taught
his place with th' leg iv a chair. He isn't even called upon to give
a decision. All that his grateful counthry demands fr'm th' man
that she has ilivated to this proud position on th' toe iv her boot
is, that he shall keep his opinyoris to himsilf. An' so he whiles
away th' pleasant hours in th' beautiful city iv Wash'nton, an'
whin he wakes up he is eyether in th'. White* House or in th'
sthreet. I'll niver say annything agm th' vice-presidincy. It is
a good job and is richly deserved by' ayether Hinnery Gassaway
Davis or Charles Fairbanks. An', be hivens, I'll go further an*
say it richly desarves ayether iv thim."
"Has th' candydates accipted th' nommynation f r prisidint ?"
asked Mr. Hennessy.
"No," said Mr. Dooley, "th' comities haven't made up their
minds whether they will give th' dimmycrat nommynation to Ro
senfelt an' th' raypublican nommynation to Parker, or vicy varsy.
It don't make much diff'rence annyway."
"It's, sthr^nge about th' vice-prisidincy, Hinnissy. Th' prisi
dincy is th' highest office in th' gift iv th' people. Th' vice-presi
dincy is th' nex' highest an' tli' lowest. It isn't a crime exactly.
Ye can't be sint to jail f'r it, but it's a kind iv disgrace. It's
like writin' anonymous letters. Whin Sinitor Elkins is asked
about his father-in-law now he shakes his head an' says: 'We
don't speak iv him anny more in th' fam'ly.' At a convintion
nearly all th'dillygates lave as soon as nommynatcd th'
prisident for fear wan iv. them will be nommynated for vice-prisi
dint. They offered it to me f rind Joe Cannon, an', th' language
he used brought th' blush iv shame to th' cheeks iv.a naygur
dillygate fr'm Allybamy. They thried to. hand it to Hinnery Cabin
Lodge an' he wept bitterly.. They found a man fr'm Wisconsin
who was in dhrink an' had almost nommynated him* whin his wife
came in- an' dhragged him away fr'm timptation. Th' way they
got Sinitor Fairbanks to accipt was be showin' him a pitcher iv our
gr-rcat an' noble prisidint thryin' to jump a horse over a six-foot
fence. An' they on'y prevailed upon Hinnery Davis to take this
almost onequalled hono/ be tellin' him that th' raisin th' Sage iv
Esoopus didn't speak earlier was because he has weak lungs.
"Why- is it, " I. wondher, that ivrybody runs away fr'm a
nommynation fr vice-prisklint as if it was an indictment be th'
gran' jury?. It usen't.to be so. I've hollered mesilf black in th'
face f'r ol' man .Thurman an' Hendricks iv Injyanny. In th' 61'
days, whin th' boys' had nommynated some unknown mail fr'm
New York f'r prisidint, they turned in an' nommynated a gr-reat
an' well-known man fr'm the West f'r vice-prisidint. Th' candy
date f'r vice-prisidint was all iv th' ticket we iver sec durin' a cam
paign. Th' la : ad they put up f'r prisidint stayed down cast an'
was niver allowed to open- his mouth except in writin' befure wit
nesses,but th' 1 candydate.fr vice-prisidint wint fr'm .wan end iv
th'. counthry to th' other howlin' again th' tariff, an' other im
mortal issues now dead. I niver voted fr Grover Cleveland. I
wudden't vote fr him anny more thin he'd vote fr me. I voted
(Copyright, 1004, by McClure, Phillips & Co.)
C C "\ /E'VE tol', me. who ye ar-re with fr prisidint," said
\y Mr. Hennessy, "but who ar-re ye goin' to vote f r f'r
¦ ' vicc-prisidint?" • . . . . .
• <¦¦ "I haven't med up me mind," said « Mr. Dooley.
"They're both good an' great men. Hinnery Gassaway
Davis is a fine ol' Virginian (West) gintleman. Through his
middle name he is related to 'WillumJ. Bryan an' he is father-in
law of. another gr'rcat man, Sinitor Elkins. Mr. Davis is eighty
wan years old and has forty millyon dollars, or is forty millyon
years old an' has eighty- wan dollars. I'm not sure which, but
annyhow th' figures passes belief. He is a good man an'' it is
thought that his ripe ripe judgment and his still riper fortune will
add gr-reat strenth to th' ticket. I see in th' pa-pers that he looks
twinty years younger thin -his years an' I'll bet that befure th'
campaign is over he'll feel- three millyon dollars younger in his
bank roll.
"Th' Raypublican candydate is th' Hon'rable Charles Fair
banks, who hails fr'm Injyanny. Hence th' wurrud hail. He has
almost th' .same qualifications fr- thMofty office f'r which he Jias
been unanimously choosen be th' thrcasurer iv th' campaign com
ity. He is not quite th' statesman that Hinnery is: He misses
it be about thirty-nine millyons. Still, he has enough to do his
jooty worthily through th' campaign. Sinitor Fairbanks has a
fine war record. He served throughout th' rebellyon as a cashier
to th' First Naytional Bank iv Terry Hut an' has iver since given
most iv his time an' labor to his counthry an' his counthry's rail
roods. He is sthrongly in favor iv presarvin' th' goold standard an'
as much iy it as possible. Hinnery Davis doesn't care so much
about goold. He has all kinds. An' there in a few well chosen
wurrds, Hinnissy, is th' bio-graphy iv th' two men, wan iv whom
will sarve this counthry as vice-prisidint f'r th' ncx' four years in
Washin'ton an* th' other will sarvc it jus' as much be stayin' at
home.
MR. DOOLEY ON THE DUTIES OF A VICE-PRESIDENT.HE slowest waiter 1 know is the British railway refresh
ment room: waiter. His very breathing, regular, harmo
nious as it is with all the better attributes of a well-pre
served grandfather's clock, conveys suggestion of dignity
and peace. He is a huge, impressive person. There em
anates from him an atmosphere of 'Lotusland. The otherwise un
attractive room becomes an, oasis of repose amid the turmoil of
a fretful world. All things conspire to aid him; the ancient
joints, ranged side by side like corpses in a. morgue, each one de
cently hidden under its white' muslin shroud, whispering of death
and decay ; the dish of dead flies, thoughtfully placed in the cen
ter of the table ; the framed advertisements, extolling the virtues
of heavy beers anil stouts, of weird champagnes, emanating from
haunted-looking chateaux, situate — if one may judge from the il
lustration — in the midst of desert lands; the sleep-inviting buzz of
bluebottle. The spirit of the place steals over you. Your idea on
entering, with a quarter of an hour to spare, was a cutlet and a
glass of claret. In the face of the refreshment room waiter the
notion appears frivolous, not to say un-English. You order cold
beef and pickles, with a pint of bitter in a tankard. To win the
British waiter's approval you must always order beer in a tankard.
The Uritish waiter, in his ideas, is medieval. There is a Shakes
pearean touch about the tankard. A soapy potato will, of course,
be added. Afterward a ton of cheese and a basin of rabbits' food
floating in water (the British salad) will be placed before you.
You will work steadily through the whole, anticipating the som
nolence that will subsequently fall upon you with a certain
amount of satisfaction. It will serve to dispel the last lingering
regret at the reflection that you will miss your appointment and
suffer thereby serious inconvenience, if not positive loss. These
things are of. the world — the noisy, tiresome world you have left
without.
To the English traveler the foreign waiter, in the earlier
stages of his career, is a burden and a trial. When he is com
plete — when he really can talk English — I rejoice in him. When
I object to him is when his English is worse than my French or
German, and when he will, for his non-educational purposes, in
sist, nevertheless, that the conversation shall be entirely iii English.
I would rather he came to me some other time. I would so much
rather make it after dinner — or say half an hour next morning. I
hate giving lessons during meal times. Besides, to a man with
feeble digestion this sort of thing can lead to trouble. One waiter
I met at a hotel in Dijon knew very little English — about as much
as a poll parrot. The moment 1 entered the sallc a manger he
started to his feet. "Ah! You English !" he cried. "Well, what
about us?" I answered. It was during the period of the Boer war.
I took it he was about to denounce the English nation generally.
I was looking for something to throw at him. "You English — you
Englishman, yes?" he repeated, and then 1 understood he was
merely intending a question. 1 owned up that I was, and accused
him of being a Frenchman. He admitted it. Introductions, as it
were, thus over, I thought I would order dinner. I ordered it in
French. I am not bragging of my French; I never wanted to
learn French. Even as a boy it was more the idea of others than
of myself. I have learnt as little as possible; but"! have learnt
enough to live in places where they can't (or won't) talk any
thing else. Left to myself I could have enjoyed a very satisfac
tory dinner. I was tired with a long day's journey, and hungry.
They cook well at this hotel ; I had been looking forward to my
dinner for hours and hours. I had sat down in my imagination to
a consomme bisque, sole au gratin, a poulet saute and an omelette
au fromage. • It is wrong to let one's mind dwell upon carnal
delights, I see that now. i At the time I was mad about it. The
fool would not even listen to me. He had got it into his garlic
sodden brain that all Englishmen live on beef -and nothing, but
beef. He. swept aside all my suggestions as though they had been,
the prattlings of a foolish child. "You haf nice biftek. ' Not at
all done. Yes?" "No,I don't," I answered. "I. don't* want what
the cook of a provincial : French . hotel calls a biftek. I want some
thing to eat. I want- — " Apparently he understood neither
head, the black side whiskers, the Roman nose. But your waiter
had blue eyes, this man soft hazel. You had forgotten to notice
the eyes. You bar his progress and ask him for the red pepper.
The haughty contempt with which he regards you is painful to
bear. It is as if you had insulted a lady. He appear:, to be say
ing the same thing: "I think you have made a mistake; you are
possibly confusing me with somebody else. I have not the honor
of your acquaintance." I do not wish it to be understood that I
am in the habit of insulting ladies, but occasionally I have made
an innocent mistake, and have met with some such response. The
wrong waiter conveys to me precisely the same feeling of humili
ation. "I will send your, waiter to you," he answers. His tone im
plies that there are waiters and waiters ; some may not mind what
class of person they serve, others, though poor/have their self-re
spect. It is clear to you now why your waiter is keeping away
from you ; the man is ashamed of being your waiter. He is watch
ing probably for an opportunity to approach you when nobody is
looking. The other waiter finds him for you. He was hiding be
hind a screen. "Table forty-two wants you," the other waiter
tells him. The tone of voice adds, "If you like to encourage thiis
class of customer, that is your business, but don't ask me to have
anything to do with him, that's all!"
Even the waiter has his feelings.
(Copyrighted 1904 by Central News and Press Exchange.)
A waiter at the Gare du Nord in Brussels, on one occasion
pressed upon me a five-franc piece, a smalLTurkish coin the value
of which was unknown to me, and remains so to this. day, a dis
tinctly, had two francs and from a quarteTof a pound- to six ounces
of centimes, as change for a twenty : fran?.;n0te, after deducting the
price of a cup qf coffee. He '.put it dowhwith the air of one sub
scribing to a charity. We looked^. at one. another. I suppose I
must have conveyed to him the; impression of being discon
tented. He drew a purse from his pocket.- The action suggested
that, for the purpose of satisfying ; my inordinate demands, he
would be compelled to draw upon -his private resources; but it
did not move me.. Abstracting reluctantly a fifty-centime piece he
added to it the heap upon the table. I suggested his taking a seat,
as at this rate it seemed likely we- should be doing business to
gether for some time. I think he .gathered I was not a fool. Hith
erto he had been judging, I suppose, .purely from appearances.
But he was not in the. least offended. "Ah," he cried, with a
cheery laugh, "Monsieur comprehend!" He swept the whole non
sense back into his bag and gave me the right change. I slipped
my arm through his and insisted upon the pleasure of his society
until I had examined each and every coin. He went away chuck
ling and told another waiter all about' it. They both of them
bowed to me as I went out and wished me a pleasant journey. I
left them still chuckling. A British waiter would have been sulky
all the afternoon. The waiter who insists, upon mistaking you for
the heir of all the Rothschilds used to cost me dear when I was
younger. I find the best plan is to take him in hand at the be
ginning and disillusion him. He sighs when you sweep aside his
talk of '84 Perrier Jouet, followed by '79 Chateau Lafite, and ask
him if, as man to man, he can conscientiously recommend the
Saint Julien at two and six. But the fault is not yours. Your
aristocratic bearing has deceived him. You are not to be blamed
for possessing an aristocratic bearing.
The fatherly waiter is sometimes a comfort. You feel that he
knows best. Your instinct is to address him as "Uncle." But
you remember yourself in time. When you are dining a lady and
wish to appear important he is apt 'to be in the way. It seems,
somehow, to be his dinner. You have a sense almost of being de
trop. The ascetic waiter is a distinct damper. He is an intel
lectual looking man. At the bottom of my heart I agree with
him. There is, when you come to think of it, something very
gross, very animal, in these prolonged gorges of food and drink.
Why don't we live plainer and think higher? But he is out of
place in a restaurant.
The greatest insult you can offer a waiter is to mistake him
for vour waiter. You think he is vour waiter — there is the bald
English nor French. "Yes, yes," he continued, cheerfully, "with
pottitoes." "With what?" I said. I thought for the" moment he
was suggesting potted pigs' fee t in the nearest English he could
get to it. "Pottito," he repealed; "boil pottito. Yes? And pell
he'll." I felt' like telling him to go there. I suppose he meant
"pale ale." It took me about five minutes to get that beefsteak
;out of his head. By the time Thad done it I did not. care what I
had .for dinner. . I took pot-du-jour and veal. He added, on his
own initiative, a thing that looked like a poultice. I did not try
the "taste of it. He explained it was "plum puddin." I fancy he
had 'made it himself. This fellow is typical; you meet him every
where abroad. He translates your bill into English, for you, calls
ten centimes a penny, calculates twelve francs to the pound and
presses a handful of sous affectionately upon, you as change for a
napoleon. .'
-The cheating waiter is com mon to . all countries, though in
Italy and Belgium'he flourishes, perhaps, more than elsewhere. But
the British waiter/ when he is detected, becomes surly — does not
take it nicely. The foreign waiter is amiable about it — bears no
malice whatever. He is grieved, may be, a't-your language, but
that. is because he is thinking of you — the possible effect of it upon
your future. To try and stop you he offers you another four
sous. The story is told' of a Frenchman who) not knowing the le
gal fare, adopted the plan of doling out pennies tq a London cab
man one at a. time until the man looked satisfied. Myself I doubt
the story-. From what I know of the London cabman I can see
him leaning down still, with outstretched hand, the horse between
the shafts long: since dead, the 'cab chock full of coppers, and yet
no expression of. satiety, upon that cabman's face. But the story
would appear to have crossed the channel, and to have commend
ed itself to the foreign waiter- — especially to ; the railway refresh
ment waiter. He doles 6ut centimes to the traveler, one at a time,
with«the air of a man who is giving away the savings of a lifetime.
If, after five minutes or so, you still appear discontented, he goes
away .quite suddenly. You think he has* gone to open another
chest of halfpence, but when a quarter of an hour has passed and
he does not reappear you inquire about him among the other
waiters. A gloom at once falls upon them. You have spoken
of the very thing that had been troubling them. He used to be
a waiter here once — one might almost say until quite recently. As
to what' has become of him, ali! there' you have them. If, in the
Course of their checkered career, they ever come across him they
will mention to him th,at you are waiting fdr him. Meanwhile a
stentorian voiced official is shouting that your train is on the
point of leaving. You console yourself with 'the reflection that it
might have been more. It always might have been more — some-
WAITERS I HAVE KNOWN
TPIE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
7The men below stairs, after some dis
cussion, had decided on bullet. This
was out of consideration for Billy's
standing as a frontiersman. Besides,
he had stolen no horses. In order not
to delay • matters the execution was
fixed for the present time and place.
Billy stood with his back to the logs of
h's own hotel, his hands and feet
bound, but his eyes uncovered. He
had never lost his, nerve. In short re
spit' which preparation demanded, he
told -his, opponents what he thought of
them. .
The girl heard a faint scramble, then
the soft pat of some one landing on his
feet. Peering from the window, she
made out a faint shadowy form steal
ing- around the corner of the hotel. She
puther head to her heart and listened.
Her understanding of the stranger's
motives was vague, but she had caught
his confession that her kiss had meftint
much to him. and even in her anxiety
she felf an inclination to laugh. She
had bestowed that caress as she would
have kissed the cold end of a dog's
nose.
"Do yo"u love him?" asked the stran
ger.
"God knows I'm purty tough," con
fessed Nell, sobbing, "but I jest do
that!" and she dropped her head again.
The invisible stranger In the gloom
fell silent, considering.
"I'm a purty rank proposition my
self," said he at last, as if to himself,
"and I got a job on hand which same
I ought to put through without givin'
attention on anythi-i* else. As a usual
play, folks don't care for me and I
don't care much for folks. Women in
general. They drtve me plumb tired.
I reckon I don't stack up very high on
the blue chips when it comes to cash
in' in with that sex, anyhow; but in
general they gives me as much notice
as they lavishes on a doodle bug. I
ain't carin', you understand, nary bit;
but onct in a dog's age I kind of han
kers fer a decent look from one of
them. I ain't never had no women
folks of my own— never. Sometimes I
thinks it would be some scrumptious to
know a little gal's waitin' for me some
wheres. They ain't none. Ihey never
will be. I ain't built that way. You
treated me white to-night. You're the
first woman that ever kissed me of her
own accorJ."
One of the men. as a signal from his
lea'der, -relieved Billy's belt of consider
able weight. Then the latter was per
mitted to sit on a cracker box. Two
more mounted the little stairs. .In a
moment they returned to ? report that
the upper story contained no human
beings, strange or otherwise, ; except
the girl, but that there remained a
small.,, trunk. Under further orders they
dragged the trunk down into the bar
room. It was broken open and found
to contain clothes, of the ; plainsman's
cut, material and state of wear, a
neatly folded Mexican saddle^ showing
use, and a rawhide quirt, vj ;¦"}."
"Tenderfoot!" said Black Hank con
temptuously. •
The ", outlaws had already scattered
outside to*look f Or . the. trail. ; In- this
they were, unsuccessful, reporting; in
deed, that not the faintest sign indi
cated escape, in any direction. "'^
' Billy, knew his man.^ The tightening
of:? Black- Hank's ;. close-knit ; brows
meant^ but one thiny. ~ One- does not
gain chieftainship of any kind? in; the
West ' without " propping :" ascendency
with acts. of ruthless decision. Billy
leaped from " his ' cracker ; box with the
suddenness of the puma, seized Black
: The men ceased their, occupations
and gathered about. . Scenes of this
sort were too common to elicit com
ment or arouse excitement. They knew
perfectly the laissez-faire relations
which obtained between the two N West
erners. • » *
"Now," said Black Hank angrily, in
a low tone, "I want to know -why you
tried that monkey game." •
Billy, wary and afraid, replied' that
he had" tried no game, that he had for
gotten the tenderfoot for a moment, and
that he did not believe the latter would
prove to be the sought-for express mes
senger.
"thar is r one .tenderfoot /who knows ; as
much of ridin' express as a pig does of
war."" ;¦•. :< ; / .":..¦,;,_ _;,'. ,.'.¦ •-.
';' "I -notices he's almighty' particular
'bout that thar carpet bag of .his'n,"
insisted Charley.
i The man against the countegj^ad lost
nothing of the scene. -Billy's*&enial, his
hesitation, his half-truth, all looked
suspicious to , him. With one swift
round sweep of the arm he had Billy
covered.- Billy's arms shot over his
head without the necessity of a.com
mand.
Hank firmly about the waist, whirled
him into a sort of shield and* began an
earnest . struggle for the instant pos
session of the outlaw's drawn.revolver.
It was a gallant .attempt, but'unsuc
cessful. In a moment Billy was pin
ioned to the floor and Black Hank was
rubbing his abraded forearm.' After
that the only question was whether it
should be rope or bullet.
' Now, when Billy had gone down
stairs, the stranger- had wasted no more
time.. at the' 'window. He had in his
possession $50,000 in greenbacks" which
he was' to deliver as scon as possible to
the Buck Tail Agency In Wyoming.
.The | necessary change of stage; lines
had forced him to stay over night at
Billy Knapp's hotel.
•. The messenger seized his bag .and
softly ran along through the-canvas
partitioned rooms wherein Billy ' slept
to, a -narrow, window which he- had al
ready noticed gave out almost~directly
into the pine woods. The window was
of oiled paper, and its catch, baffled
him. He 'knew it should slide back,
but. it refused to slide for. him." He
did '.not dare, to break, the paper .be
cause of the crackling. noise. A' voice
at his shoulder startled him. ! ' ,-. ' ¦-'
- "I'll show you," whispered the red-,
cheeked .girl. •
was wrapped loosely in a blan
ket,'her hair falling about her;shoul
der, and her bare feet, showing beneath
her; coverings. The little man suffered
at once an agony of. embarrassment in
which the thought of his errand was
lost.' It was recalled' to him' by -the
girl.'; £•;¦;££:•< .:.--.
j ! "There vou are ! " . she ¦'., whispered, .
showing him the jopen window. . " ¦
"Thank you,", he stammered : pain
fully, "I assure you— I. wish- — ", '
~ The girl laughed under her breath.
/ ''That's all 'right,"' she said- heartily,,
"I 'owe you that for calling old- whis
kers off his bfonc," and she kissed h'im.
The .messenger, trembling with, self
consciousness, climbed hastily through
the window, ran the broad '"loop of the
.satchel .up his arm;" and, instead of
dropping to the ground," as the girl had
expected, swung.: himself . lightly .'-Into
the branches of a rather large -scrub
oak that V grew. near. She listened to
the rustle of. the leaves for a moment
as he nearedthe trunk,-and;then,"un
able longer to restrain' her curiosity. In
regard to the doings below, turned to
the stairway.
As she did so two men mounted.
They examined the roorr.F of the upper
story hastily but carefully, paying
scant attention to her, and departed
swearing. In a few moments they re
turned ft>r the stranger's trunk. Nell
followed as far as the stairway. There
she heard and saw things, and fled in
bitter dismay to the back of the house,
when Billy Knapp was overpowered.
At the window she knelt, clasping
hands and placing her head be
tween her bare arms. -Women in the
West, at least women like Nell, do not
weep, r zt she came near it. Suddenly
she raised her head. A voice next her
ear- had addressed her.
She looked here and there and
around, but could discover nothing.
.';: "Here, outside," came the low, guard
ed: voice. "In the tree.""''
Thejs she sJTw that the little stranger
had not stirred from his first sighting
place. . . .
"Beg your pardon, ma-'am. for start
ling yc-u or 'for addressing you at all,
which I shouldn't, but "
" "Oh, never mind that!" cried the girl
impatiently, shaking her hair. So de
precating and timid were the' tones
that, almost without an effort of the
imagination she could picture the little
man's blushes • and his half-sidling
method of delivery. At this supreme
moment' his littleness and lack of Self
assertion jarred [on her mood. "What
you doln'' there? Thought you'd vam
oosed."
¦ "It : was safest here," exclaimed the
stranger. "I left no trail.".
She. nodded .comprehension bf r the
common sense of this. - -
.. "But, ma'am, I took the: liberty of
speakinV to you because you seems to
be in trouble. Of course I ain't got no
right" to "'ask,- an' if you don't care to
tell/me "
"They're goin' to kill Billy!" broke in
Nell with. a sob. - v i"-. '
"What .for?"
• "I .don't Jest \ rightly >¦. make out.
They're after some one, and they thinks
.Billy's cachein' him.. I reckon it's you.
Billy '.ain't cachein* " nothin'; but they
thinks he .is." '; ,-, . . .
' ;"Itls 'j me , they's after, all right
' enough. No w> you knows where I am,
why don't you tell -them an* save
Billy?!' ; ., .. ...
'-, -The girl started, but her keen West
:ern mirifl saw the difficulty -at once.
"They, thinks 'Billy pertects you, jest
the same." "
He went to his- "room" and buckled
on a heavy belt, then descended . the
steep stairs.
The barroom was Ughted and filled
with men. Some of them were' eating
and drinking; others were strapping
provisions into portable form. Against
the corner of the bar.- a tall figure of a
man leaned, smoking— a man lithe, ac
tive and muscular, with a keen, dark
face and black eyebrows which met
over his nose. Billy walked directly
to this man. , ._
"What is it?" he inquired shortly.
"This yere ain't in th' agreement."
"I know that," replied the stranger.
"Then leave yore dust and vamoose"."
"My dust is there," said Black Hank,
placing his hand on a buckskin' bag at
his side, "and you're paid, Billy v Knapp.
I want to ask you a question.; Stand
ing Rock has sent fifty thousand dol
lars to Buck Tail. The messenger went
through here to-day. Have *you seen
him?"
"Narry messenger," replied Billy, in
relief. "Stage goes empty."
Charley had crept down .the stairs
and into the room. \,
"What'n blazes you doin* yere, you
ranikaboo ijlt?" asked Billy trucu
lently.
"That thar stage ain't what you calls
empty," observed Charley, unmoved.
A light broke on Billy's mind. He re
membered the valise which the stran
ger had bo carefully ' guarded, L- and
though his common sense told him that
an . inoffensive non-combatant, such as
his guest, would : hardly be chosen' as
express messenger, still the bare pos
sibility remained.
" Yo're right," he assented . carelessly,
"Billy!" shouted the" voice again,
"come down here, you siwash. I want
to palaver with you."
"All right," Hank," replied Billy.
lets him operate. I never, has ho deal
in's with him, understand... He; jest
nat'rally waltzes In an' plants his grub
hooks on what ' he i 'needs. I - doesh^t
know anything about it. I'm , dead
asleep." . .; .
He bestowed a shadowy wink upon
the stranger. ¦ ., •' "¦¦
Below, the outlaws moved here .and
there. .'" • •
"Billy!" shouted a commanding voice.
"Billy Knapp!" . '
The hotel keeper "looked perplexed.
"Now, what's he tolliri" me for?" he
asked of the man by his side.
cause the place would have no more of
her. , '
In the face of Billy's approval the
old "Tiian fell silent.
About midnight, the four inmates of
the frontier hotel were awakened by, a
tremendous racket outside. The strati-.
ger arose, fully clothed,- from his bunkl
and peered through the narrow | open
window. A dozen horses were'-stand
ing grouped in charge of a single ma ny
indistinguishable in the dark. Out of
the open door a broad band of . light
streamed from the saloon, whence came
the noise of voices and of boots tramp
ing about.
"It is Black Hank." said Billy, at his
elbow, "Black Hank and his outfit.
He hitches to this yere' snubbin' post
occasional."
Black Hank in the Hills would have
translated to Jesse James further
south.
The stranger turned suddenly ener
getic. ?
"Don't you make no fight?" he asked.
'"Fight!" said Billy, wondering.
"Fight? Co'se not. Hank ain't plun
derin' me none. He jest ambles along
'and helps himself, and leaves 'th' dust
fer it eVery shot. I jest-lays low and
The girl," too, \ laughed, but^ quietly.
She was a little touched, though just
this winter she had left Bismarck be-
"Bully fer you!" he cried, slapping
his knee; "struck pyrites (he pro
nounced it 'pie rights') fer shore that
trip. Charley." j^
"You chore mustn't speak to a lady
that way," replied the stranger firmly,
in his little piping voice.
Billy caught the point, and exploded
in a mighty guffaw.
"1 don't wonder yo* don't like it,
then!" said he, with a funny little flare
of anger.
••/kleanin* what?" shouted Charley
threateningly.
Billy snorted again and went inside.
He hated sentiment of all kinds. The
two men sat opposite each other and
ate cupper, which _was served by the
red-cheeked girl. The stranger kept
his eyes on his plate while she was in
the room. He perched on the edge of
the bench with his feet tucked upder
him and resting on their toes. When
she approached the muscles of his
shoulders and upper arms grew rigid
¦with embarrassment, causing strange,
agwkward movement of the hands.
He answered in monosyllables.
Billy ate expansively and earnestly.
Toward the close of the meal Charley
slipped into place beside him. Charley
was out of humor, and found the meat
' r yore soul, Nell," he cried,
"this yere ain't fitten fcr a hog to eat!','
The girl did not mind, nor did Billy.
It was the country's mode of speech.
The stranger dropped his knife.
"Yes, sir," piped the stranger. Billy
snorted at the title. "I has some per
sonal belongings which is valuable to
me." ¦ He opened the bag and produced
a cheap portrait of rather a cheap
looking woman. "My mother that was,"
taid be.
The tenderfoot was seated on a small
trunk just outside the door. As he
held his hat in his hands, Billy could
tee his dome-like bald head. Beneath
the dome .was a little pink and white
face, and«below that were narrow slop
ing shoulders, a flat chest, and bandy
legs. He wore a light check suit and a
flannel shirt whose collar was much
too large for him. Billy took this all in
while passing. As the driver climbed
to the seat, the hotelkeeper commented.
"Say, Hen," said he, "would you
etuff it, or put it under a glass case?"
"I'd serve it a lay Tooloose," replied
the driver briefly, and: he brought his
long lash S-shaped across the four star
-tled backs of his horses.
Billy turned to a reinspection of his
(ruest and met a deprecating smile.
"Can I get a shake-down heie for to
night?" he inquired in a high, piping
voice.
"You kin," replied Billy shortly, and
began to lowl.for Charley.
That patriarch appeared around the
corner, as did likewise the cook, a
black-eyed, red-cheeked creature, af
terward couuted by Bill; as one of h:s
eight matrimonial ventures.
."Snake this stranger's war-bag into
th' shack," commanded Billy. " And
yell, jest nat'rally rustle a few grub."
The stranger picked up a small hand
eatchel and followed Charley, into the
building. When, a little late*, he re
appeared for supper, he carried the
handbag with him and placed it under
the bench which flanked the table. Af
terward he deposited it next his hand
while enjoying a pipe outside. Natu
rally all this did not escape Billy.
"Stranger," said he, *'yo' seems
mighty wedded to that thar satchel.".
"Guess I ambles forth and sees what
fer a tenderfoot it is," replied Billy,
hastening from behind the bar.
"Nope."
That exhausted the situation. The
two men puffed silently for a moment
at their pipes. In' an instant the driver
turned to go.-.
"I got you a tenderfoot," he remarked
casually. ~"I reckon he's outside."
(Copyright by S. S. McCIure Co.)
DL'KING one spring of the early
seventies Billy Knapp ran a spe
cies t)f road he-use or hotel at the
crossing of the Dcadwood and
Big Horn trails through Custer Valley.
•Travelers < hangins from one route to
the other frequently stopped there over
night. lie sold accommodations for
man and beast, comprising plenty of
¦whisky and plenty of hay. That was
the any one could say of it. The
hotel ivas of logs, two-storied, with
partitions of sheeting to insure a cer
tain piiyecy of. sight if not of sound;
had three beds and a' number of bunks,
and boasted of a woman cook — one of
•the first i;i the Hills. Billy did not run
it long. He. v.as too restless. ' •
The personnel of ins establishment
r:onsistfd *«Jf Billy and. the woman al
ready riicniioned, and an ancient Pistol
by the name of .Charley. * The latter
wore many firearms, and- had a good
deal to say, but had never; as Billy
expressed it, "made good.". This, in
the West, could cot have been for lack
of oppc-rtunity. His ' functions were
those of general factotum.
One evening Billy sat chair-tilted
against the logs of the hotel, waiting
for the stage. By and by it drew in.
Charley hobbled out, carrying buckets
of water for the horses. The driver
flung the reins from him with the
lordly insolence of his class, descended
slowly and swaggered; to the barroom
for his drink. Billy followed to serve it.
"Luck!" said the driver, and crooked
his elbow.
"Anything new?" queried Billy.
"Nope."
' "Held up?"
roic?. The execution of this man was
necessary to hire, nut because he was
particularly angry over the escape of
the messenger— he exptctgd to capture
that individual in due time— but in or
der to preserve his authority over his
men. He was in the act ol moving
hack to give the .shooters room when ha
heard the doc-r open and shut.
He turned. Before the door stood a
small, consumptive looking man in a
light check suit. The tenderfoot car
ried two short-barreled Cblt'a revol
vers, one of which he presented direct
ly at Black Hank.
" 'Nds up!" he commanded sharply.
Hank was directly covered, so ha
obeyed. The newcomer's rye had a
strangely restless quality. Of the other
dozen inmates of the room eleven were
firmly convinced that the weapon and
eye not directed at their leader wero
personally concerned with themselves.
The twelith thought he saw his chance.
To. the. bewildered onlookers there
seemed to be. a flash and a bans in
stantaneous. Then things were as be
fore. One of the stranger's weapons
still pointed at Black Hank's breast;
the second at each one of the others.
Only the twelfth man. he who had seen
his chance, had collapsed forward to
the floor. No one could assure' himself
positively that he had discerned the
slightest motion on the' part of the
stranger.
"Now," said the latter sharply, "one
at a time, gentlemen. Drop your sun!"
this last to Black Hank. "Muzzle
down. Drop it!- Correct.".'
One of the men -in. the'. back of th»
room stirred slightly on"tKtr"ball of his
foot.
"Steady there!" said the stranger.
The man stiffened.
"Next gent," went on the little man.
subtly indicating another. The latter
obeyed without hesitation. "Next! Now
you. Now yeu in ths corner."
One after another the pistols clashed
to the floor. Not for an instant could
a . single inmate of the apartment,
armed or unarmed, flatter himself that
his slightest motion was overlooked.
They were like tigers on the crouch,
ready. to" spring the moment the man's
guard lowered. It did not lower. The
huddled figure on the floor reminded
them of what 'might happen. They
obeyed. • ' ¦ ¦¦ :_
"Step back!" commanded the stran
ger next. In a moment he had them
standing in a row against the wall.
rigid, upright, their hands over their
heads. Then for the' first time the
stranger moved from his position by
"Call her," he said to Billy—"the
girl."
Billy raised his voice. "Nell! O.
N'ell!"
In a moment she appeared in the
doorway at the foot of the stairs with
out hesitation or fear. She had slipped
on a dress. When she perceived the
state of affairs, she brightened almost
mischievously.
"Would you. just as .soon, ma'am, if
it ain't troublin* you too much, just
sort of naturally untie Billy?" request
ed the stranger. \
She did so. The hotel keeper
stretched his arms.
"Now pick.up them guns, please."
The two set about it.
""Where's that infernal old repro
bate?" howled Billy suddenly, looking
about for Charley.
The patriarch had quietly slipped
away.
"You can drop them arms." advised
the stranger, lowering the'muzzles of
his weapons. The leader started to say
something.
"You shut up!" said Billy, selecting
his own revolvers from the'heap.
The stranger suddenly, picked up
one of the Colt's single-action re
volvers which lay on the floor, and,
holding the trigger back against tha
guard, exploded the six charges by hit
ting the hammer smartly with tha
palm of his hand. In the thrusting
motion of this discharge he evidently
had design, for the first six wine
glasses on Billy's bar were shivered.
It was wonderful work, rattling fire,
quicker than a self-cocker even. He
selected another weapon. From a pile
of tomato cans he took one and tossed
it into the air. Before it had fallen he
had perforated it twice, and as it rolled
along the floor he helped its progres
sion by four more bullets which left
streams of tomato juice where they
had hit. The room was full of smoke.
The group watched, fascinated.
Then the men against the wall grew
rigid. Out of the film of smoke long,
vivid streams flashed toward them,
right and left, like the alternating
steam of a locomotive's pistons. Smash,
smash! smash, smash! hit the bullets
with regular thud. With the twelfth
discharge the din ceased. Midway be
tween the heads of each pair of men
against the wall was a round hole. No
one was touched.
A silence fell. The smoke lightened
and blew sjowly through the window
and open dopr. The horses, long since
c" serted by their guardian in favor of
the excitement within, whinnied. Tha
stranger dropped the smoking Colts and
quietly reproduced his own short-bar
reled arms from his side "pockets. Billy
broke the spell at last. C v
"That's shootin'!" he observed with a
sigh.
The fifty thousand is outside." said
the stranger."Do you want "em?"
There was no reply.
"I aims to- pull out on one of these
here broncs of yours." said he. "Billy,
he's all right. He doesn't know nothin'
about me."
He collected his six-shooters from the
floor.
"I.just takes these with me for a
spell," he remarked. "You finds them,
if you locks hard enough, along on th'
trail—likewise your broncs."
He backed toward the door.
"I'm layin' for the man that sticks
his head outen that door." he warned.
"Stranger." called Black Hank, as he
neared the door.
The little man paused.
"Might I ask your name?"
"My name is Alfred," replied the lat-
Black Hank looked chagrined.
"I've heard tell of you," he remarked.
The stranger's eye ran over the room
and encountered that of the girl. He
shrank into himself and blushed.
"Good night." he said hastily, and
disappeared. A moment later the beat
of hoofs became audible as he led the
bunch of horses away.
For an instant no one spoke. Then
Billy: "By God. Hank. I means to
stand pat with you: but you let that
kid alone or I plugs you!" Billy was
the only man armed.
"Kid, huh!" grunted Hank. "Alfred
a kid! I've heard tell of him."
"What have you hearil?" inquired
the girl.
"He's the -plumb best scout on the
southern trail and the best pistol shot
in the West," replied Black Hank.
The year following Billy Knapp, Al
fred and another man named Jim
Buckley took across the hills the only
wagon traia that dared set out. that
summer.
T8E SAN FRANCISCO SHNCAY CALU
. "Proud?" he concluded a long solilo
quy as if to the reflector of the ! lamp.
'•Proud?" he repeated meditatively.
"This yere Hank's jest that proud he's
all swelled up like a poisoned pup.
Ain't every one kin corral a man and
git fifty thousand dollars without turn
in* a hair." \
Black Hank distributed three men to
do • the business. There were no he-
8
BILLY'S TENDERFOOTno_textand fancy shoes are not given away as
.trading;" stamps.
•'' The ."consequence is that these girls
are glad enough to make a few extra
dollars by posing and are obliging and
agreeable..- * < . • ' . '
The majority' of them have others
dependent upon them, and between re
hearsals, at. times without even'' a cup
of coffee, they. will. wait most amiably
through any number of poses with
changes of gowns and incidentals that
consume time. «
It does not take long to size up these
girls, and many favored of fortune
would do well to take a few lessons In
old-fashioned deportment from them. -
Even among so many acknowledgedly
pretty it is often difficult to select ex
actly the. style girl suited to the pur
pose. Sometimes a blond, sometimes
a brunette Is required, and If the girl
has a pretty face the chances are that
she has not the gowns, and you can
very cleverly guess her moral status
by the quality and quantity of her togs.
Theatrical managers will not allow
a girl to take her costumes from the
preen rooms except It be as a very
great favor, which they do not fall to
impress upon the one asking it. In
which case, the party asking must be
responsible, for the safe return, within
the specified time, and not the actress,
whose purse may. not be equal to the
demand. Besides this, they must be
sure that the party is reliable as well
as responsible, that no delay may occur
in returning.
When pictures are taken for the
show itself the mistress of the ward
robe must attend to all such details.
Many of those girls are very beauti
ful and yet possess but one fairly pre
sentable gown, in which, with dainty
shirt waists, they manage to make a
good appearance.
(Copyright, 1904, by Albert Britt.)
pass again he got down his encyclo
pedia and made up the finest pattern
for a social study that you ever did
see. In order to secure the necessary
misinformation he disguised himself. In
a celluloid collar and a false accent and
concealed himself In \ the Franco-Irish
quarter to see how the other half-and
half lives.
When he came In from the bush he
discovered, with the feeling that he
would have classified as one of Blcken
ing horror, that the world had con
tinued to revolve. on Its axis and that
nobody cared for underdone' sociology
with a sauce of harrowing details. By
this time the great reading public of
the United -States and Springfield,
Mass., had landed on the domestic tale
as about the best thing for a quiet
evening's entertainment G. Eliot was
down temporarily, but he was a long
/way from out The tale of sweet do
mesticity for his and the sooner the
quicker.. The story that he knocked
together in the course of the next six
months would have brought tears jj to
tho eyes of a cigar store Indian. But
when it came to the publishers the
touch failed to materialize. G. Eliot
was informed, gently but firmly that
the only thing that wasn't a drug on
the -market was a hand-sewed, leather
lined; historical romance.
That was Jusf the moment' that Mr.
Foozleit had been waiting for, although
he didn't know , It. ••£ King Canute, who
was .collecting dust In the dim recesses
of . the pigeon holes, was dragged out
and introduced to an expectant public.
G. v Eliot : had discovered that v novels
move In cycles and .that If a man can
only, wait long enough the procession
will come around his blocx. Thereafter
all that 1 he had < to do was to keep ' an
eye on' the publishers' announcements
and fire out hl a old manuscripts in the,
proper order. He has af length dis- .
posed of all of them and Is resting In'
his country home in the Berkshires and
writing' magazine articles on"the\liter
ary decline of America. To all aspiring
novelists we would point out las a re
sult of our careful investigation of the
career of Mr. George Eliot Foozleit
that often the best way to get the half-
Nelson on an opportunity is to start
backward and meet It < coming around
the block. . v . . .
days In durance vile if he had polluted
the atmosphere with them under the
influence of spirituous beverages. The
difference between a historical novel
ist and a plain drunk is that the for
mer will never sober off and therefore
must be treated with due leniency.
When G. Eliot got his eyes open to the
demands of the hour it was Impossible
to throw a stone In the State of In
diana without hitting a man who had
at least two volumes to his credit. He
thought he saw an opportunity coming
around his way and made a grab at it,
but, alas, it was only a fleeting show.
His grab consisted of a powerful tale
of the, reign of King Canute, the first
man to make successful use of the wa
ter cure. It was a hot book all right,
but by the time G. Eliot had it off the
stocks the tide of historical novels be
gan to run out— a thing which had
happened to the authors' ideas long be
fore—and 1 no one was reading anything;
but religious works with a high moral
purpose.
Of course, G. Eliot was seriously
wounded in his* 'most tender feelings,
but, carefully concealing the wound"
under a small mortgage on his house,
he blocked out an affecting and - su
premely moral tale. that' was calculated
to reform the head waiter of a s Raines
law hoteL". Anything more convincingly,
moral than that is beyond the power of
mortal man to conceive. There can; be
no question that the moral reformation
of the world would have been accom-^
plishad'and the millennium would hive
been ushered; in in a blaze of gloryr
and royalties— if the child of Q. Eliotffc
brain had been permitted to seo the
light of day. : But by the time;G.* Eliot
had v rolled up his . sleeves : and ; unlim- .
bered his typewriter people. had; begun
tevget ' ready to: get tired . of religious
novels and were lining, up to buck the
center of the social problem.
Once again G. 1 Eliot was due to have
his tendereit feelings walked on and
he was right on hand with the goods.
After he had scraped the ; dust out of
bis eyes and boxed his Intellectual com-
of a mission. To be sure, he wasn't a
Christian Scientist, or a vegetarian, or
a' Socialist, or even a* firm believer in
the good old doctrine that the world
is going to the dogs. AH of these
working hypotheses are good things
for a budding novelist to have In stock,
but Foozleit didn't have any of them*
His principal mission was to convince
the publishers that his books were
worth selling and the public that they
were worth buying. We may say in
passing that his mission appeared at
the, outset to be a first-class imitation
of a failure. He would probably deny
that he ever wrote to kill time, but
that is the only charitable explanation
of some of the stuff that he tried to
Inflict upon a weary world.
It was under the' last heading, how
ever, that Foozleit'- came nearest to
falling. In fact, It V was when he at
tempted to perform the feat implied
therein that he did fall — flat He un
doubtedly needed • the money, but
somehow he didn't seem to be able to
get In sight of it His trouble was the
very common one of being possessed
of a superabundance of hindsight, to
the great detriment of his available
supply of foresight. 'He could 'always
tell what was going to happen about
a day after it was ail over. x This is a
quality not confined to novelists and
weather bureaus, but it worked par
ticular harm in the case of G. Foozleit. :
The 'weather bureau can continue to ";
guess and it will usually happen in
the course of time and meteorological,
contingencies that the weather ' will
come within hailing distance -of con
forming to the conditions ! laid down
for it.
When G. Eliot appeared on the liter
ary horizon the historical novel was on
the rampage. Richard I, Godfrey 1 de
Consomme and all the innumerable
host of captivating young men who as
sisted George Washington to ,be the
father of his country- held the center
of the stage. The air was filled with
strange oaths and obsolete slang that
would have netted a man about ten \
y-yEORGE ELIOT FOOZLEIT was
I f a novelist.' 'That is, 'he wis ad-
Kf'i dieted to the typewriter habit
>fc^ and spent most of his small
change for return postage.
There are three classes of people who
commit fiction— those who have a mis
sion, those v.ho have time to kill or
burn and those who need' the money.
The first axe seldom heard from, for
the reason that the world has too many
other troubles to stand for' being
preached at when It is looking for sur
cease of troubles at a dollar and a half
per. Th» gentlemen who punish the
typwriter because they haven't any
thing else to do can usually find some
one who will take their money and run
the risk of publishing their books. Pub
lish«rs {are very human in many re-
Bpects. even as other people. But It is
the gentlemen who write novels be
cause the wolf is hammering on the
front door and their children are cry
ing for bread who usually make a hit
with the dear public When a man
knows that his continued stay on this
mundane ephere depends on his turning
out a marketable article he Is far more
likely to round off the corners and
putty up the nail holes than If he is
mere!jr trying to make come one believe
something that Isn't so or driving away
an attack of double-distilled ennui.
To return to G. Eliot Foozleit, he
didn't seem to fall in any of the above
classes. That's the trouble with a real
nice, comprehensive, scientific classifi
cation. Just as you have it all laid out
and propped up at the corners so that
you are sure nothing can get by it you
discover that all the cases you want
to get your brand on are going the
other way. However, we shall stand
.by our classification. It's a good one,
even If It doesn't fit. As we have
intimated two or three times, Foozlelt
showed the innate stubbornness of his
nature by his absolute refusal to fall
in with the arrangement that we have
made. Therefore we shall be compelled
to follow him out Into the open and
brand him as he runs.
To begin with, he had the symptoms
Fables for tHe FoolisH by Nicholas Nemo
LOOPING THE LITERARY LOOP
salaries, but the girls who make the
'light. and beauty, the change and mo
tion, get very little pay, out of which
they aiv ooliged to furnish shoes,
gloves and other odds and ends, and
every one knows that long kid gloves
THE chorus girl as she is, as she
would liketo be, as she tries to be
and as she allows herself to be
are species wholly and widely di
vergent.
If the metropolis were robbed of its
chorus contingent newspapers would
have to go out of business, to say noth
ing cf the stage "Johnnies," as they
undoubtedly add to news interest by
furnishing pretexts for glaring head
lines.
Some stories of the chorus girl brand
keep the presses hot and at high
pressure, while other warm passages
are blown out like a fu^e before they
get into print.
The chorus girl Is a fixture, a fea
ture and, above all, qhe is peerless as
a continuous surprise party.
And in other lines she has a mission.
Many newspaper and magazine
writers have constant and urgent need
for models for illustrations that must
be recruited from the chorus. ranks.
To one who has never been in a green
room or behind the scenes the novelty
is a revelation.
As a special favor those wishing
models are sometimes permitted to in
vade the sacred precincts, where such
young people as may meet the require
ments are pointed out, introductions
follow and engagements are planned.
When a girl has no gowns of her
own and has to be ragged up In bor
rowed Cogs the whole performance is
very funny, yet has a dash of pathos.
They are all rather emotional, as
may be expected, and have nothing
of the "real swell" repressed manner
that passes as good form in "high so
ciety." "When pleased thsy fairly beam,
and one who appreciates happiness In
others is more than repaid in witness-
Ing the keen relish for pleasure they
evince.
One beautiful girl,: who posed for a
number of photos, had not a single
gown suitable, in consequence she was
ragged out very handsomely in an
elaborate creation borrowed for the oc
casion and in which she looked superb.
Perhaps never in her life had the girl
worn anything beyond the ordinary
and her naive, spontaneous delight was
refreshing. . After the pictures tor
which she had been engaged were all
taken, she stood before a mirror ad
¦ miring herself -witfc all. the abandon of
achlld. • Following a preamble of apol
ogies "and after much- 'beating about
the 'bash,.' she nerved herself to ask
if she might have a couple of negative*
taken of herself, as she could sell the
pictures to, several papers that had re
quested them, but which she had been
obliged- to refuse, haying nothing to
wear, "and "i never" looked so nice- ia
ray life as I do now." fj*«?
In" these" days of :jaded society in
anities the naturalness of such girls,
engaging and enthusiastic, is a re
freshing contrast* to 'those who are
taught that to laugh is provincial and
enthusiasm plebeian.
Mothers' . of eligible . sons would do
well to. keep their tender darlings from
thege girls, forced to make a living and
to /cultivate ¦ the arts and graces .that
make them at" all time's charming com
panions. " They, know only too well that
a "pfeaslng personality Is the surest
road to success, and they know also
that ,'they. -must keep well and bright
that they may ".'preserve their good
looks. '
They are eager for the advertising
that helpV'them and many of them
would" gladly pose for this privilege
alone because popularity is always a
large stock in trade for the girl whose
good looks Is her only dower.
One little girl whose beautiful face
is always in demand is a perfect min
iature Lillian Russell, and although
sought after and pictured so frequent
ly, is yet unspoiled, and as sweet, mod
est and unobtrusive as it Is possible
for a girl to be. She has several de
pendent upon her and when posing
gowns are always furnished her. '
The dainty tiny maids, known in the
New York stage vernacular as "broil
era," are all pretty and wee bits of
femininity. The "show girls" must
be large and handsome to show off
the magnificent gowns that have be
come a feature of the shows.
In the Sunday and daily papers plc
iures of these girls appear, and a note
written -to the theater explaining the
want of models, and giving the
name of the photographer in way of
reference, seldom falls to secure a
courteous response, the pay and the
advertisement being both desired.
If- a writer be cordial in manner
these trips to the studios are full of
fun into which the girls enter with so
much vim and life.
People living in straight-laced big
otry have little idea of the lives of
these girls. "Where one I3 coddled in
luxury, scores feast in back room flats
with little of the joy of life to brighten
it.- tertii
Contact with these girls In business
relations would change many people's
views, and if mothers of eligible sor.d
are wise, they will lock the boys in
glass cases whenever the New York
chorus girl comes to town. She is so
pretty, so bewitching, and. so amiable,
and fairly bubbling over with the Fizz
of Life. She is always -obliging and
eager to earn a pittance, and her worst
fault is the splendid contrast she
makes with the society girl with her
steel riveted face and armor plate ego
tism and artificial manners. ¦
The chorus girl Is a relaxation, and
therein a snare, and taking her all In
all, she t Is so pretty and bewitching
that the boys are In danger— and the
hubbies — well!
Ring off, did you say? Oh. well, we
are not telling all that we know.
A sirl who has been on the stage or
who bar taken a course in Delsarte is
always preferable for illustrations to
one who knows nothing of the expres
sion of action or the expression of emo
tion. The actress always wants not
only a pretty picture, but a catchy
one, and for this reason lends her per
sonality more to the work of the mo
ment.
Now, the general run of real, livft
chorus girls 1? very different from the
pictures ensemble who is featured as
having an appetite two and a half
yards long and warranted not to
shrink, with a thirst that would make
the Mississippi River look like a syphon
out of business and which develops into
an enormous capacity for midnight
suppers and a hankering for automo
biles, to say nothing of the hansom
habit as a digestive proposition.
The chorus girl as she is, however,
is generally a hard worker, who knows
and sees little of life outside of the
drudgery of rehearsals and the glam
our of footlights.
Sick or well, rain or shine, hot or
cold, the chorus girl must be on time,
and for the slightest - infraction of
rules or a want of promptness she is
heavily fined, which makes a serious
inroad on her small salary. The prin
cipals of various shows receive princely
-•:-•-•- ¦¦¦--.¦-...¦¦ ... ¦: :.¦: -.-'...."-¦.-»,... ¦-.¦•. ..¦.-¦.
THE -SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL\
10
THE CHORUS GIRL
AS SHE ISjust as well be thrown out. But
th^y pimply cannot resist when treated
in such a fashion. The dry shells
« ra< k opm and. fly away in their indig
nation and nothing but the sweet, clean
nut remains.
Dates stuffed with nuts are one of the
ni'-est of all nut combinations. Almost
any nut will answer the purpose, but
peanuts or walnuts are richest and are
better liked by the majority of sweet
Th^ dates are pitted and placed in
a cold stone dish until all are ready
for use, for it is far better to go into
thi* business on a wholesale plan and
get it all over with at once, for it is
about the stickiest work imaginable.
r.r.d set away on the s^helf to dry. Each
x-nd every one receives the sarn°
amount of syrup, and as it is molded
on a pedestal by itself, dries evenly
and quickly.
To be sure, one cannot have ail mod
ern «.-on\eniencc? at home, and marble
tablets are somewhat of an expensive
luxury, -but one may have blocks of
wood carefully covered ¦with white oil
cloth and they win do quite as well
to all intents and purposes.
Peanuts are somewhat of a prob
1< m, especially when one needs quanti
ties of them and does not care whether
'.hey are in small pieces or not. For
instance, peanut candy. The kitchen
table or the bread board are always
ivailable and they should be scattered
on the board and rolled with the roll
ing-pin, just as one would work with
dough. If there is ample time the
shells can easily be broken with 'the
hands, but the husks remain and if
any of them get into the candy it might
(~y ANDY-MAKING at home Is a
j / trick. In fact, such a clever one
\l2 that ll behooves the lassie who
\^ possesses a sweet tooth to pene
trate its mysteries, so that she
iray practice the soothing art upon a
throng of admiring friends.
The chocolate fiend and the pepper
mint devotee arc constantly told that
"these candies are hand-made." Now,
ten to one that does not mean anything
to there, and candy is candy, and as
I n~ a« it Is toothsome and tickles the
1-a.late the;' don't bother their heads
«_r.e way or the other about the way it
is made. ,~ :'•
Cut therein lies the secret of all
randy-making. It is hand-made and
thp vise girl figures out in her own
*vsy that if the hand possesses the cun
r.fnp. the product is quite as good when
made at home by an amateur as when
»>rc-wed in the factory of the skillul
i rofefsional. *
For instance, nuts of all kinds and
inscriptions are not only popular but
decidedly wholesome as well, and the
trick of crj stallizing them is very. \ ery
simple.
In a factor;- there are scores of little
marble slabs with queer-looking pins
standing up in a row. As the nuts are
lakrn from their shells they are
sLuck on these t»in.s and permitted to
remain there until the sugar is melted
snd ready for use. Then the nuts are
tl/rurt. head down, into the hot syrup
Three cups of sugar, crushed or cut
loaf: a llttla. Ies3 tfcan ciu-fcaUL cup
Two cups molasses, one cup brown
sugar, one cup cream or milk, half
pound chocolate, piece of butter size of
an egg. Beat all together, boil until
thickens in water and turn into large
flat tins well buttered. When nearly
cold cut Into small squares.
Ice Cream Candy.
One pound of white sugar, three ta
blespoonfuls vinegar, one teaspoonful
extract of lemon, one teaspoonful
cream of tartar. Add -a little water to
moisten the sugar, boil until brittle.
Put in extract, then quickly turn out
on buttered plates. When cool pull un
til white and cut in squares.
Chocolate Caramels.
Put into an iron kettle one table
spoonful butter, three tablespoonfuls
water, a teacupful white pulverized
sugar. Boil until ready to candy, then
throw in three quarts of nicely popped
corn. Stir briskly till candy Is evenly
distributed over 'corn. Take kettle from
fire, stir until it is cooled a little and
you have each grain separate and crys
tallized with sugar, taking care that
the corn does not burn. Xuts of any
kind may be prepared in the same way.
Candy Cream.
Candied Popcorn.
Grate fine maple sugar and mix in
quantity to suit taste with "founda
tion" cream. Make any shape desired.
Walnut creams are sometimes made
with maple sugar and arc very fine.
If you are one of the many who do
not want to make candy standing over
a stove you must be sure to purchase
XXX powdered sugar. Break th«
whites of one or more eggs, as the
quantity you wish to make will re
quire, add to it equal quantity /of cold
water and then stir in enough sugar
until you have it stiff enough to mold
into shape with the fingers. Flavor to
taste. After It is formed into balls,
cubes or different shapes, place them
upon plates or waxed papers and set
them aside to dry. This cream, by the
way. can be worked in candies similar
to the French cooked cream.
Take two tablespoonfuls of grated
cocoanut and half as much "founda
tion" cream. Work them both together
with your hands until the cocoanut is
all well mixed in it If you choose, you
can add a drop of vanilla. If too soft
to work into balls, add confectioners'
cream to stiffen. Make into balls th«
size of hazelnuts and dip twice.
.Tapir Sugar Cream.
Take a piece of "foundation" creaxa
about the size "of a walnut. Having
cracked some English -walnuts, using
care not to break the meats, place one
half of each nut upon each side of the
hull, pressing them well into the hull.
This is the simplest -way, but it is
not the method used by the -wholesale
manufacturers. They keep the cream
heated by means of a tiny gas stove.
but the same result can be had by
putting the cream into a cup and then
setting the cup in boiling water, heat
ing it until it turns a thick cream.
Drop the walnut meat into it. taking
them out on the end of a. fork and
placing on buttered paper. Continue
to dip them until all are used then go
all over again, giving them a second
coat of candy. This last coat is the
one that finishes them eo- It is a pretty
litt!e idea to turn the soft cream into
an initial, for it gives it quite the air
of a candy shop.
Cocoanut Creams.
hands when making chocolates, for
each and every one is dipped and it
Is a dextrous turn of the wrist that
gives the Ia3t. finishing, pretty touches.
Chocolate creams, for instance, are
nothing Viore or less than foundation
creams dipped in melted, sweetened
chocolate.
Walnut Creams.
The cream that is used in all
"French" candies is exactly the same,
so it is a good thing to keep the "foun
dation" receipt handy. One quart of
sugar, one cup of water, hot or cold,
one-half saltspoonful of cream of tar-
'"French creams," as they are called,
come under an entirely different clas3
of sweets and are more difficult to
make nicely, for it is necessary' to un
derstand the proper degree of sugar
boiling to operate it successfully.
Occasionally one is mystified because
the cream does not come, and when
this happens nine out of ten times the
sugar needs clarifying. This is done
by beating up well the white of an egg
with a cupful of cold water and pour
ing into a very clean iron or thick new
tin saucepan. Then put into the pan
four cupfuls of sugar, mixed with a
cupful of warm water. Put on the stove
and heat moderately until the scum
rises. Remove the pan and skim off
the top, then place on the fire again
until the .scum rises again. Then re
move as before and so continue until
no scum rises.
One cocoanut, one and a half pounds
of granulated sugar. Put the sugar
and milk of cocoanut together, beat
slowly until the sugar is melted and
then boil five minutes. Add the cocoa"
nut. of course finely grated, boil ten
minutes longer and be quite certain to
stir constantly. to keep from burning.
Pour on buttered plates; cut in
squares. "Will take about two days to
harden.
Cocoa nut Candy.
One cupful of sugar crushed fine and
just moistened with boiling water,
then boiled five minutes. Then take
from the fire and add cream of tartar
size of a pea; mix. well and add four or
five drops of oil of peppermint. Beat
briskly until the mixture whitens, then
drop quickly upon white paper. Have
the cream of tartar and oil of pepper
mint measured while the sugar is boil
ing. If It sugars before it is all drop
ped add a little water and boil a min
ute or two.
Peppermint Drops.
Place over a brisk fire one and one
half, rounds sugar, six scant table
spoonfuls butter, one and one-half cups
water and the grated rind of half a
lemon. Boil, stirring constantly, until
it cracks when dropped in cold water.
Transfer to the back of the range,
continue stirring until it ceases to boil,
then add the juice of half a lemon.
Pour into shallow buttertd tins. When
cool enough pull white, then roll into
sticks. •
Moisten three cups light brown su
gar (which is better for this variety
of candy than the granulated) with one
cup of water: add one cup New Or
leans or Porto Rico molasses and one
tablespoonful butter. Boil until brit
tle, stir in one-half teaspoonful cream
tartar, pour into buttered plates, and
•when cool pull; then roll into sticks.
Evcrton Taffy.
Molasses Candy.
Three cups of granulated sugar, one
cup of milk, one- tablespoonful of but
ter (milk and cream are better), two
table spoon fuls of molasses." one-half
teaspoonful of soda dissolved in a lit
tle milk; cook until a little dropped in
to cold water will form a soft ball that
can be handled. About eight or ten
minutes will do. Let it get almost
cold; add a teaspoonful of vanilla,
beat until thick and turn into buttered
pans.
fore taking off the fi/e add a few drops
of extract of lemon. Pour into but
tered tins" and Trhen partly cooled mark
off into lengths. When hard wrap each
in oiled paper.
Molasses Fnds^.
tar. Cook without' stirring until waxy;
when cool, stir to a cream.
Do not be afraid of soiling your
one-fourth pound Butter, Just enough
water to dissolve the sugar, and one
half teaspoonful cream tartar. Just b«-
vinegar, one ana a half cups ot coxa
water, piece of butter the size of a
walnut, flavor with extract of vanilla.
Boil- until it hardens, then pull until
white.
Fruit Glace.
Boil one pint granulated sugar and
one cupful of water until brittle; have
fruit peeled and divided carefully; dip
each piece in a portion of the syrup and
set in a cool place to dry. Any fruit
can be used.
Chocolate Creams.
For these creams you should make %
foundation this way: Put into a gran
iteware saucepan one cupful of water
and two of granulated sugar— or a
pound of loaf sugar. Stir until the
sugar is nearly melted; then place on
the fire and heat slowly, but do not
stir the mixture. "Watch caxefullv and
note when it begins to boil. .When the
sugar has been boiling for ten minutes
take up a little of it and drop In ice
water. If it hardens enough to form a
soft ball when rolled between the
thumb and finger it is cooked enough.
Take the saucecan from the fire In
stantly and set in a cool, dry place.
When the syrup Is so cool that the fin
ger can be held in It comfortably, pour
it into a bowl and stir with a wooden
•spoon until It becomes thick and white.
When it begins to look dry and a little
hard take out the spoon and work with
the hand until the cream is soft and
smooth. Flavor with a few drops of
vanilla, and after shaping cover with
chocolate.
Caution — Do, not stir the syrup while
it is cocking, and be careful not to jar
or shake the aaiioanan.
ular with children.
ButtcrScotch."
Boil until brittle three pounds rusar.
Take a small wooden box and fill it
with constarch. Then with any queer
mold that may be about the kitchen,
a small butter one for instance, make
an impression . in the soft, white bed
and later proceed to drop the cream in
to it. Do not be afraid of its sticking
to the candy, for. that is the chief beau
ty about it. As the bits are taken up
the white coating hies Itself away and
the candy Is ready for the -next, stage
of the game.
Frequently the simplest recipes are
the best and this holds good so far as
lemon drops are concerned. Moisten
one cup of sugar, with lemon juice and
boil until the syrup cracks when tested
in cold water. Drop upon buttered pa
per. Could anything be more-simpta
or easier? Yet it is a most excellent
recipe. , ."".'_,-;
Following out the simple idea, here
»r« some recipes tfcui arc always pop-
No list of children's candies should
be complete without the horehound re
cipe, for its virtues as a medicine have
been extolled almost since the year One.
In the first place, it should be made
both pure and palatable and in order
to do this one must boil one ounce of
horehound in three-fourths of a pint of
water until the flavor is extracted.
Then strain and nour-over three cups
o? sugar. Boil until it threads, pour
into buttered tins and", when partly
cooled mark into squares. Or, If bet
ter liked, drop on buttered paper.
And candy that mofds, by the way,
is treated in quite a new fashion, and
an exceedingly simple one as well. For
instance, any cream that must be a
certain slzs is dropped from a funnel
into a white bed of cornstarch and
there it stays and hardens and molds
itself into the desired shape. While
this is a professional wrinkle, there is
no good reason why, it should, not bo
confiscated by the homebody, for sauce
that is good for the goose is good for
fhe gander.
The nut is placed in the center of the
split date and the whole rolled' in pow
dered sugar and closed at the same
time. After the stickiness has bec-n
overcome by thoroughly coating the
date and the soft powder looka
white and inviting, the task is
completed and the delicacy Is ready
to cat. In reality see how little trou
ble it is. In half an hour one can make
enough to serve some twenty guests
and to serve them bountifully in the
bargain. And the expense is almost
nil. for there is scarcely a house that
does not possess some kind of nuts
and at least a small amount of sugar.
Buttered paper is one of the little lux
uries that every cook should try to
keep in her kitchen. In a thousand and
one different ways It comes in handy
and everything looks far more tempt
ing and attractive as a consequence.
Salted almonds really should be dried
in paper of this description. And, by
the way, here is a splendid receipt for
making them:
Almonds, Salted.— Half pound al
monds. Tablespoonful of butter or
olive oiL Salt. Shell, blanch and dry
me almonds. Put butter or oil in the
chafing dish, and when heated add al
monds. Cook to a delicate brown,
j-ha.king the dish constantly and stir
ring often to keep from burning. Drain
the almonds and dry on paper and
sprinkle with fine salt.
Hickorynut candy has a peculiar fla
vor that Is particularly pleasing to
come. So take one cup hickory nuts
<mc£ts), two cups sugar, half cup wa
ter. Boil sugar and water, without
ctirring, until thick enough to spin a
thread; flavor with extract lemon or
vanilla. Set off into cold water; otlr
quickly until white; then stir •- nuts;
turn into flat tin; when cold cut into
Email squares.
Peanut candy is an old favorite and
it certainly Is easy to make. ' Shell one
ousrt of peanuts and rrush fine. Put
When cool enough to handle pull un
til white, roll and cut Into sticks. As
children like to see a variety of colors
and fancy the candy is infinitely better,
vegetable colorings, which are abso
lutely harmless, may be used, and then
they are quite certain that.it equals
in excellence that of the best confec
tioner.
For stick candy, boil together one
pound of sugar, one cup water, one
half teaspoonful cream tartar and a
scant tablesDoonful of glycerine until
the syrup, when tried in cold water,
is very brittle. Then It must at once
be poured out Into lightly buttered
dishes. .Just before pouring out stir
in two teaspoonfuls of the flavoring
that is liked the best.
one pound of powdered suger in a
shallow pan and allow It to melt slow
ly on the back part of the stove— do not
make the mistake of putting it on the
hot part of the stove or add water to
start the melting of the sugar. Have
ready a hot dish, well buttered, and
when the sugar has dissolved to a
liquid consistency, sprinkle the pow
dered nuts In the dish and then pour
the melted sugar over them. Be sure
to spread over enough surface to make
a thin candy, for it Is more delicate
and attractive than when made thick.
Another nut candy that is always
good is almond nougat. It is made by
blanching one pound of almonds, cut in
small pieces. Pour four ounces of honey
into a tin cup and set in a kettle of
hot water. Boil this until It can be
rolled ino a ball. To this add one
ounce of powdered sugar and the well
beaten white of one egg; stir this and
the almonds together. Dust pulverized
sugar over them and you will find
them quite to the queen's taste.
When there are children In the family
the simplest candies are ¦ always the
best liked, and when it comes right
down to It, the old-fashioned sweets
never fail to please.
'THE SAN > FRANCISCO SUNDAY: "CALi:."
THE SECRETS OF HOME CANDY MAKING
11Henley street to the English ana
American press."
Suffered for Shakespeare.
"You have had a good deal to endure
for Shakespeare!"
"Well, it has interested me deeply,
and I do not grudge the money I have
spent or the trouble I have taken in
doing what I believed to be a national
duty. Of course, I have been pained at
the willful misrepresentation that has
been made through the work of Mr.
Flower and Mr. Sidney Lee to the
press, but the whole town of Stratford
knows now what the conspiracy was
against me, and • that knowledge is
rapidly spreading. The truth of it is .
sure to come out.
"It has surprised and shocked me to
know that a man of Mr. Flower's re
spectable position has stooped V use
such despicable means as he confessed
he had, to do me injury, because per
sonally speaking I have never had the
slightest animus against Mr. Flower.
Faith In the Psychic.
"I presume you have a grudge
against Mr. Flower, who worked all the
mischief?"
"Not the least in the world! He has
Injured himself far more than he has
injured me. And I believe in compen
sation."
"In what way?" : '¦•-. ¦'-¦;.
"There we touch on the psychic." said
Miss Corelli, smiling, "and If we begin
on that subject It will lead us rather
far. But what I mean Just now is that
I think. a wrong is always righted in
due season, and that people "who play
a low-down game and play bad tricks
behind the scenes get punished openly.
I am a thorough psychologist In these
things, believing that we are helped by
influences beyond ourselves.
"While we have broached the psychic, .
however, I would like to make it
clearly understood that I am not a
believer in modern spiritualism. As
the Americans say, I take 'no stock'
whatever in spirit rappings, and all
that sort of thing.
"I have not the slightest doubt, how
ever, that we are aided by things
which are far above and beyond us.
For instance, if a person make up his
mind to accomplish a certain thing
provided, of course. It is salutary in
itself— all he has to do is to place him
self in accord with the universe, so
to apeak, and everything In the world
will tend toward the accomplishment
of that object.
Power of the Mind.
"I myself have tested this time and
again, and I know positively what a
great thing it is. When the human
mind concentrates upon accomplishing
a certain object and places Itself In
tune with these unseen powers, de
voutly wishing and working for the
chosen end, events will shape them
selves in accordance with that desire.
"Opportunities will occur as if they
were ordered, and everything — time,
place, space — will conform itself, Just
as If they had been expressly arranged.
The main thing is to become in accord
with these Influences. That once ac
complished, one's aspirations will work
themselves out.
"I have tried to give expression to
this theory In the 'Romance of Two
Worlds,* but that book was written
when I was extremely young — just out
of the convent— and I realize it3 crud
ities.
"In fact, I am not at all satisfied
with any of my work up to this point.
j and hope some day to give expression
to my thoughts In works that I shall
have reason to be content with. That
is one of the objects of my life. On»
of my favorite books on this subject
is Trine's 'In Tune With the Infinite.*
There is scarcely a day passes that I
do not read something from It.
The Soul's Immortality.
"The subject of the soul's immortal
ity has long settled itself in my mind. 1
cannot say I believe it— I know it.
Death to me is nothing. I do not even
admit it. The fact that I am is suffi
cient proof for me that I always was
and always shall be. Even here and
now we can begin— we have begun—
immortal life. Our duty here is to place
ourselves, as Trine says, In tun© with
the Infinite.
"I even go so far as to believe that
people could keep themselves in perfect
bodily health by following out the dic
tates of such influences as they feel
bring them into accord with the uni
verse. *
"Death is a mere putting off of one
garment to put on another. Whether
the garment taken up after death be a
, better or worse one than that worn
here depends entirely upon how the
present life is spent.
"These thoughts, so briefly outlined
here, have been constant companions
of mine for years; and, if the health,
strength and time be given me. I cer
tainly intend to elaborate them fully
some day.
"I might tell you that so far as my
psychic theories are concerned. I put
them into practical workings every day
of my life. All my business transac
tions are shaped more or less by their
dictates, and, when I have carried any
undertaking up to a certain point, I
leave it to take care of itself. I always
find that It is taken up just where I
leave It and carried to successful con
clusion. Something distinctly tells me,
'You have done sufficient; leave the
rest to us,' and so I do."
Altogether, Miss Corellis lines have
fallen in pleasant places. Though she
has had one or two great sorrows in
her life which have left their mark, she
Is uniformly cheerful. She is still la
the thirties, is full of energy, and en
joys enormous contemporary fame.
Miss Corelli's "copy", is very clear
and almost without correction. The
original MSS. of "The Romance of Two
Worlds" looks as if it were a clean
copy made bv some one employed in
writing legal briefs. A specimen of
Miss Corelli's penmanship was given
by her in the little poem, a photo
graph of which accompanies this ar
ticle. The poem is, here reproduced
in MSS. for the first time.
"After two o'clock," continued Miss
Corelli, "I, have luncheon and then
usually go for a .drive behind my two
"Not financially so. But I was very
young, and the forty pounds ($200) paid
down for It seemed to me a fortune.
The publisher (Mr. Bently) left tha
copyright in my hands, and, of course,
it has been a .source of Income since.
Even 'Thelma,* my next venture,
brought me very little when first pub
lished. But though I needed money
at- the time it was never my first
thought. I loved writing, and I shall
always love it."
Miss CorelH was asked what method
she employed In producing her work.
"Well, I make it a point to begin
work regularly every morning about
nine-thirty and I remain at it until
two in the afternoon, producing on an
average about two or three thousand
words. I write everything out with
the pen, as I do not care to dictate
and cannot use the typewriter. I have
my manuscripts typed afterward."
She Writes Clear Copy.
"I then tried my hand at the 'Ro
mance of Two Worlds.' It arose out of
a singular psychic experience, concern
ing which I shall have more to tell
soon.
"The 'Romance' was a great suc
cess?"
the Japs— or was, till the war droic*
out. They are busy with their own
'temporal power' just now:
"Here is a letter I got the other day
from a girl in Devonshire — quite a
stranger."
Miss Corelli produced from her table
drawer .a letter written by a simpM
country girl living in the west of Eng
land, who thanked the authoress for
having written her book "Ardath,"
which, she stated, had helped her in
her outlook on life. Miss Corelli re
ceives many such letters and Invari
ably answers them with encouraging
words.
. "Say something about your early
life — first Impressions — were you a girl-,
ish, or a boyish, girl?"
"ThorauRhly girlish," she answered
with animation/ "I loved ray dolls to
distraction, and used to create charac
ters for them and build up all sorts of
romances around them. In fact they
were almost my only companions. . I
had no child playmates.
Knew, Charles Dickens.
"I spent all my time with the only
father I ever knew— the song writer
and poet, Charles Mackay, who adopted
me in infancy. With the exception of
lessons in music from a daily govern
ess, he taught me everything. He used
to make me learn poetry by heart, and
when I was about seven he would
make me recite all sorts of famous
pieces, even to the soliloquy in 'Ham
let,' which I used to 'declaim,' so he
told me, very tragically, for the amuse
ment of himself and his friends.
"He was intimate with Charles Dick
ens and Bulwer Lytton and used to tell
me many stories about them. He al
ways encouraged me in the study of
Shakespeare, and at twelve years old I
knew every character in every play,
and could give any quotation its place."
"When did you begin to write any
thing for publication?"
"Some little verses of mine were pub
lished when I was about fourteen. But
I never thought of living by my pen. I
was intended for a musical career, and
it was only when I returned from a
two years' training in a French con
vent that. I learned it would be neces
sary to do something to help my dear
adopted father, who was seriously ill
and unable to work as strenuously as
he had done.
Not Too Much Money.
little Shetland ponies, whose names
are respectively 'Puck' and 'Ariel.' I
have all I can do to hold them, and
a spin behind them is most exhilarat
ing."
"How is it rou happened to come to
Stratford-on-Avon to live?"
"It arose out of a mere 'sentimental'
association. My stepfather, Dr. Mac
kay, had always promised to take me
to Shakespeare's town, but his death
occurred before we did the promised
pilgrimage. He died in 1890. I visited
Stratford then, while mourning for his
loss— and wished even at that time to
live there. I had only written four
books then. But circumstances ren
dered this impossible.
The Shakespearean Fight.
"After my serious illness in 1897, and
my slow recovery during 1898, . I again
thought of the old town, and came
back to it. I loved it very much — I
love it still, though there are a sec
tion of persons connected with the
Shakespeare Birthplace Trust who
have done their level best to make me
hate it. But they have not succeeded.
And they have injured themselves in
trying to injure me."
"The old houses you have saved in
Henley street are genuine of Shakes
peare's period?"
"Certainly. The deeds exist that
prove them so.. They are at the birth
place, and the trustees are awara of
them. Nothing but the most willful
obstinacy and ignorance could have
planned such a wholesale transforma
tion of Henlev street as was intended.
Even as it is, future generations will
execrate the men who have altered the
old street, Just as we execrate the
memory of Francis Gastrell, who cut
down Shakespeare's mulberry tree." .
IJow Attack Was Waged.
"The Interest of Stratford is to pre
serve its Shakespearean associations
religiously. At present it is destroying
them as fast as it can and there will
soon be nothing left for any reverent
lovers of Shakespeare to see. Mr. Sid
ney Lee tells us that there is nothing
left genuinely of Shakespeare's time In
the birthplace itself but the cellar and
that is not shown to visitors. So that
enthusiastic Americans are only rever
ing a sham after all, according to Mr.
Lee."
• "Did Mr. Lee help you In your ef
forts to save the old cottages?"
"Mr. Lee helped very much to spread
the libelous assertions of his friend Mr.
Flower against me," replied the novel
ist quietly— "and he had no excuse for
doing so, as I wrote him a friendly and
courteous letter, telling him that the
story of my wish to purchase land in
Henley street wa« not true, and asking
him 'as a scholar and gentleman,' not to
credit suchi rumors. He never answered
the letter, but he continued to spread
the calumny In a circular letter about
You would say that despite her mar
velous — and one might say easy — suc
cess, there was something behind or
within her life that had deeply wound
ed it, or that the struggle had Wearied
her.
Though Miss Corelli stated she had
an aversion to being interviewed, still
once entered on the task she answered
every question quite fresly:
"It must be very nice to he so famous
—tell us how it feels."
She laughed. "Well, I suppose it has
its few advantages. But there are a
good many drawbacks as well. Do you
know, sometimes here in Stratford there
will be ever so many groups of people
standing out in the street merely gaz
ing ud at the house. They must find
some pleasure in it or they wouldn't
do it; but it seems so funny!
"Now and theta a venturesome ad
mirer will riner the bell and offer my
butler half a crown (60 cents) to stand
inside the hall for a minute! I wouldn't
say he has always refused the bribe,
but he often has. One cannot help be
ing amused at such a form of hero — or
shall I say heroine — worship. Though I
am sure it is all meant kindly."
Drawbacks of Glory.
"But," she continued, rather sadly,
"among the drawbacks is the grudge
some people seem to bear me for hav
ing earned the right to live. Constant
misrepresentation and downright cal
umny are • so often my portion that
I have ceased to care about it now.
* "But 'what I regret is that in Amer
ica especially they accept their infor
mation about me in the press from
their London correspondents, not one
of whom has ever seen me, except Just
now yourself. These gentlemen take all
their impressions from hearsay, which
they never attempt to verify."
"You bear no very good feeling
toward the press, perhaps?"
"Ah, the old story, cropping up
again," she said laughing. "Please
don't make such a mistake as to re
port that I dislike journalists.
, "I have ever bo many good friends
on the press, men of sterling worth
and ability, and I have no grudge
whatever against my enemies there.
"When I first began my career as
quite a young girl, I did feel it hard to
contend with so much abuse and vitu
perative, language— and a kind word
would have helped me more than I
can say. But I don't care now. I have
too big a public to care."
Letters From America.
• "You have many correspondents, I
believe? Strangers write to you from
all parts of the world?"
"Oh, yes— such kind and cheering let
ters, too, especially from America and
India. Two or three of my books have
been translated Into Hindustani—•Bar
rabas' for instance — and I get many
letters from native persons who ap
pear to read them. 'Temporal Power,'
my last novel, has been translated into
Japanese— that seems very odd! But
I hear It is quite a favorite book with
The interior of Mason Croft is fur
nished in exquisite taste. Mies Corelli
has surrounded herself with all that
the artistic temperament could wish
tlque furniture dating back to Shakes-
A lew words about Miss Corelli's
surroundings and personality. She
lives in an old manor house — Mason
Croft— at Stratford-on-Avon, It is a
sixteenth century house and retains its
Elizabethan gables at the back. Its
antiquity may be imagined from the
fact that a "manor fee" of eight shil
lings—or $2— imposed in the time of
Charles II upon the house has still
to be paid to the present King.
The King Admires Her.
So many erroneous and damaging
things have appeared recently with
reference to the distinguished author
ess that the writer of this article has
Rt last persuaded Miss Corelli to grant
aji interview which would afford the
public a correct idea of one who, up
to this time, has been known only
through her books.
Miss Corelli is not a very persuada
ble person, when it comes to inter
views.
She is a rapid and easy talker on
every topic but one — herself. Extract
fng information from her on that point
is like drawing out leviathan with an
hook.
{Photographs and Letter Press Copy
right 190* by Central News and Press
Exchange. Entered at Stationers'
Hall, London.)
*jl ye ARIE CORELLI, the most
I \/ 1 famous woman author of the
I < I day, is practically un-
X known, so far as her person
ality is concerned. With exception of
•tie or two faked interviews and the
circulation of a preposterous cartoon
by an avowed enemy of hers, so little
is known in America about Marie Cor
efll that she may as well have dwelt
In a safe deposit vault In Lassa, the
forbidden city of the East.
For years she has shunned the
¦vowed interviewer. The camera has
been an abomination in her sight. Up
to this time a few tiny photographs
taken bv a friend with a kodak years
ago were the only photographs of Miss
Corelli in existence. With the excep
tion of a very fine portrait, painted by
the well known artist, Ellis Roberts,
for himself, and in the artist's own pos
session, and a full-length painting by
Miss Donald Smith, which hangs on
the wall of the fine old Tudor oak
staircase in Miss Corelli'a home at
Stratford-on-Avon, the pictures which
accompany this article are the only
photographs for which the authoress
has ever sat. She has been persuaded
to have these taken rather than allow
the libelous caricature which has re
cently been circulated in America
4 through her opponents of the "Shakes
peare Birthplace Trust"), to go uncon
tradicted.
She Is Not Persuadable.
BT W. B. NORTHROP.
When conversing she has an ani
mated, cheerful expression, but the
countenance in repose is almost sad.
peare's time; rare books of great
value; paintings, prints and engravings
satisfy both the eye and the mind. -
In Miss CorelH's drawing room— an
extremely cheerful apartment— is a
large photograph of King Edward, pre
sented to Miss Corelli by the King him
self and bearing his Majesty's auto
graph. . , V
The King, by the way, is a great ad
mirer of her works, and takes the
trouble to sound her praises en all oc
casions. When "Barrabas" was pub
lished In 1893, the King— then Prince
of Wales — went about asking his
friends: "Have you read Mies Co
relll's 'Barrabas?' " which, doubtless,
did not do the book any harm.
In the Corelli home taste, luxury and
wealth are combined very happily, ev-.
erything being In perfect keeping. As
you see all this goodly gear gathered
together you wonder that so much
could have been accomplished by a
"mere woman," alone and unassisted,
solely by Intellectual output.
Quite a Busy Woman.
Miss Corelli's personality is difficult
to describe. She is not tall, yet con
veys the Idea of height. Somehow, you
expect to find her sort of new-woman
ish. As a fact, she Is a very womanly
woman. Her love of flowers amounts
to a passion, and her drawing-room
opens into a winter garden where roses
and lilies and even lilac and laburnum
bloom all the year around. She is a
skilled musician, playing the piano and
mandolin with equal ease, and she Is
quite renowned among her Intimate
friends for her voice and the way she
renders the national ballads and "folk
songs" of various peoples.
She is not, as has been often re
ported of her. Irritated or seriously
put out by the various attacks made
upon her.
"I have too much to do," she says,
"to mind them."
The repulsive caricature -which was
circulated broadcast by her enemies,
after her action for libel at Birming
ham law courts, amused and surprised
more than it distressed her. The offen
sive latter press which in more than
one instance accompanied the cartoon
in its career through some of the
American papers she admitted to be
rather trying.
Miss Corelli displays good taste in
dress, combined with simplicity and
economy. In her own house she wears
very simple gowns, made after the
Greek models, in various pale colors,
such as suit her fair complexion. She
does not care for jewels and seldom
wears any. Her hair is of the true
light golden, so rarely seen and most
difficult to photograph; she dresses it
simply, its natural waves being drawn
loosely back from the temples and
fastened in a thick twist at the nape
of the neck. Her eyes are deep blue,
for. There are beautiful pieces of an-
Her Talk on Fame.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL 1 .
12
MARIE CORELLI TALKS ON PSYCHIC LAWGLOVES — (Fanny). Wear either
sliic or kid gloves. Either is correct,
so you may please yourself. Perhaps
more silk one.-. . re worn in summ'r on
account of the heat, and certainly
they are more popular at night, for
they are thin and show pretty rings
quite plainly, whereas the heavier
ones would cover them up completely.
Yes, gloves are worn to match your
frock. In fact, boots, gloves, hats
and parasols are supposed to tone ex
actly these days.
BODILY CARE IN MIDDLE LIFE
(E. M. H.). — Many are the inquiries to
the editor of this department from
women who find themselves taking on
bulk as they approach middle life.
Most of these inquiries are couched
in apologetic . terms, as If the sender
was ashamed of their rotundity. The
question is an Important one to all
women, hence I consider space in this
department well used in treating upon
it.;; The deposit of fat which accu
mulates over the abdomen after a per
son has past middle life is often very
difficult to reduce and yet much can
pharmaceutical preparation, nigi..y
indorsed, but is intended for external
use only.
COOKING TOUGH MEAT TENDER
(N. M. J.). It in quite true that a good
cook can prepare tough meat so that
it will be. tender and palatable. The
secret is in the selection of the meat.
In the correct seasoning of it and cook-
Ing it slowly. Continuous rapid boiling
makes any meat, and particularly beef,
dry and tasteless. Rapid boiling for
five minutes to seal the Juices In the
meat, then slow cooking, just below the
boiling point, for several hours, accord-
Ing to the quantity and quality of the
meat, makes it tender and palatable.
Putting meat In cold water or water
below the bolllnr point, draws out the
natural Juices and leaves the meat
tasteless; adding sail as soon as the
meat. is put in the water also Impairs
Its flavor by drawing out the- Juices,
leaving the fiber flat and tough. The
most approved method of cooking
tough meat tender Is as follows: Sup
pose you have a piece of beef from the
under round, which is rich In. nutritive
qualities but tough from developed
muscles^ Trim off all the outer skin,
which imparts a strong and unpleasant
flavor, rinse quickly and dry. Put two
tablespoonfuls of fresh beef suet, cut
in small pieces, in a kettle and when
without strain. Repeat twice each
day until fatigued; ten or fifteen times
Is enough at first. Then massage the
abdomen, using a massage roller. The
movement should be up and down and
from side to side and the pressure
rather heavy, protecting the skin by
using the roller over a thin towel or
undervest. *
WRINKLES ON THE FOREHEAD
(Agnes).— Deep lines across the fore
head are difficult to completely eradi
cate unless the habit of raising ' the
brows is corrected, then It is merely
the labor of a few weeks, unless one is
aged. Massage, whether dry or ac
companied with an unguent, must al
ways be preceded by the thorough
cleansing of the skin with warm soapy
water. As oils are more or less of
fensive in hot weather I would sug
gest that you use a good skin food only
once each day, preferably at night, and
dry massage in the morning. Rub the
cream lightly over the forehead, then
place the finger tips of both hands
above the nose and draw backward
toward the temples in a stroke motion.
Repeat this for ten minutes then begin
at the temple and go over the forehead
near the hair in a rotary movement,
using Just enough cream to prevent
Irritating the skin. Begin lower down
and continue Just above the eyebrows,
then go over each deep wrinkle, also
in a rotary movement, repeating many
times. Then stroke the skin upward,
from the eyebrows, directly across the
deep lines. In the morning wash the
face with soap to remove all traces of
oil and massage, this time without the
use of the cream, but with the move
ments as described. As a completion.
room feeling chilly you may depend
upon it that the bath will do you no
good; -instead you may catch cold.
After trying the sponge bath for sev
eral mornings fill the tub and see If
it Is too much of a shock for you. If
you can stand it you may feel reason
ably safe from colds and, In fact, from
a multitude of annoying ill . that crop
up so plentifully. Those who are ac
customed to them take them every
morning and feel that the day Is not
properly begun if they are omitted.
HUNTING COSTUME— (A. W.).
The time has passed when It was con
sidered policy to wear all one's old
clothes In a camping trip. In the
first place, they occupy toe much val
uable space. Get a heavy brown ma
terial, washable, and have It made
Into a plain shirt waist suit and, by
the way, have the waist and skirt
sewed together and opened in the side.
The collar should be attached and the
ordinary turnover one that looks so
neat with a Windsor tie. Tan knee
length boots are not expensive and ~-«*
very durable and comfortable and If
you can afford a big brown hat you
have everything that you need and
will be a great deal neater looking
than anybody else In the camp.
Answers to
Correspondents
In fact, almost* any piece of drapery
that may be caught up hastily and
that has the appearance of a charm-
Ing happy-go-lucky bit 6f carelessness
Is quite thethlng and half the thimbles
of pretty girls throughout the country
are busy crocheting this latest bit of
coquetry.
Handsome lace In any form 13 al
ways fit and the girl who haa an old
cream shawl that may be draped about
her shoulders is in clover. And scarfs
and mantillas, by the way, are being
converted Into this popular "throw."
The regulation crocheted shawl Is
only worn in the privacy of one's
boudoir and even then not in the pres
ence of a chance guest, for while it is
unquestionably cozy it is also unde
niably homely and the girl of to-day
will have none of it.
To be sure, some fabrics are wider
than others and some are woven ex
pressly for this purpose, so that all one
has to do Is to decide whether it is to
be square so that it will fold V-shape
from corner to corner or whether it Is
to be an oblong strip that will cover
the head and shoulders comfortably.
fie takes it upon itself to rise in its
mighty wrath and have nothing what
ever to do with its former associates.
For evening wear this is, perhaps, the
prettiest and certainly it Is the most
fly-away-catch-me-kind. Warm? Well,
not very, but it serves nicely to throw
about the shoulders between dances
and as a "little something" when the
moonlight is more tempting than the
artificial light and "we're only going
to sit just this one dance out."
Pride, by the way, ought to keep
one warm, but now and then one sees
a very proud frock walking down the
street accompanied by a very red nose
and blue lips, and as a purplish laven
der is not always becoming, it is per
haps quite as well not to count too
much upon Miss Pride, for she Is apt
to be a bad forerunner than anything
else.
Warmer wraps and pretty ones as
well are being fashioned out of all
delicate colors of cashmeres and soft
Eilk and wool materials and for that
matter out of the two combined. For
Instance, the thin fancy silks that look
r.o heavier than chiffons are used as
the outer side and the same color lines
the cobweb and gives It an air of prac
ticability without robbing It of Its
daintiness.
And remember one thing. A shawl
Is a shawl just as long as It Is left
alone In its sweet simplicity, but it be
comes a wrap when it Is fashioned
and cut to fit. And as wraps are not
the rage, it behooves one to let the
scissors and thread strictly alone.
placed with the dried petals. When a
sufficient quantity of dried petals has
been accumulated to fill a pillow of
desired size make a pillow tick of any
suitable material and fill, adding tha
perfume or sachet Inclosed in a small
envelope and cover with a casing of
daintily figured rose or pale yellow
and green silk. About once in threa
months renew the sachet by ripping
open a small corner of the case and
putting in a small quantity of the
fresh perfume; this treatment ¦will
keep the pillow deliciously sweet all
the time.
TREATING DISCOLORED SKIN
(Esther C. L.). — When the skin of the
face is discolored by the application of
a plaster of mustard or anything else
which is inclined to blister, the treat
ment must be of a very soothing na
ture and applied frequently to hasten
the restoration of the natural color. Do
not use any preparation which is large
ly composed of glycerine, for it will Ir
ritate the skin. Oil Is most valuable,
for it will nourish the pores, softening
any dead cuticle, which may then be
wiped away without pain or soreness,
and It also prevents the parched skin
from peeling deeply. Sweet oil or cocoa
butter are both excellent, and the spot
should be freely anointed before re
tiring and enough rubbed in at Inter
vals during the day to keep the skin
moist. As soon as the tenderness Is re
lieved make a solution of peroxide of
hydrogen, one part to five parts oC
water, and dabble the spot freely sev
eral times each day. This will usually
bleach out j any remaining discolora
tion. Watch the _spot closely, and if It
still shows a drawn, parched appear
ance rub in a little oil from time to
time, while continuing the use of the
solution. Dilute only a small quantity
,of the peroxide dally, for it loses
strength quickly. Keep the undiluted
portion in a cool place and away from
the light.
IMPROVING OIT.Y HAIR— (Edna).
Hair which is inclined to be excessively
oily 13 always especially provoking
during the summer when a girl wishes
to look her best. Perspiration, humid
ity and the more abundant natural flow
of oil conspire to keep the dainty girl
in constant perplexity as to wnat to
do to prevent the obnoxious stringy
look so fatal to good grooming. While
the free use of soaps, ammonia, etc.
will keep the hair dry, excessive clean
ing is not advisable as it causes the
hair to lose its pretty shade and take
on a dull faded look. Constant sham
pooing, like bathing, may be overdone.
The following regimen Is practical and
without detrimental effects. Brush the
hair daily for at least flrteen minutes,
night and morning. Shampoo once in
three weeks. Massage gently while ap
plying a tonic lotion. Have your drug
gist prepare this lotion: Forty grains
of resorcin, two ounces of alcohol, one
ounce of bay rum and two ounce3 dis
tilled water. Rub well Into the scalp
once each day for two weeks, after
which every alternate night will be
sufficient.
VY"T is said if we keep* odds and ends
* . I' long enough they will most certain-
I ly come into style again, and this
. moFt assuredly holds good po far
es frrar.dmother's shawl is concerned.
0 Straightway hie yourself up the nar
" r&w. attic stairs and into the darkest.
raost unfrequented corner and unearth
of the boxes and ancient chests
.that were racked away when the ma
* tiopany made way for the Louis XV.
«':Cd all the newest fads relegated the
'staple old heirlooms into the dark re
|gi<>ns.
. For now is the time to bring forth
I the old. for verily It is the newest In
./-the land. The quaint old 1S20 skirts and
t$je j/uffod and shirred waists have
in fashion exactly as they used
\n '-be worn in hoop days, and the 1904
lassie if nothing more nor less than a
: bumerpart of her sister who lived and
flirted most - outrageously before the
war,
These dee'defi styles demand a radical
'. vhange in the wrar> line. Fancy wear
-:r.*r_;he ordinary top coat sleeve with a
"silk one that stands out on all sides like
j\ toy balloon. Fancy crushing the full
ivaist into .. tight-fixting Eton and
•Then trying to present a smiling coun
•.unance, both with the coat on and off.
The woman who is absolutely uncon
re-ned about her personal appearance
ip al-out as rare as a blue rose, and so
tit comes about that big frocks demand
i *<:* coats, and bigger frocks cry aloud
* for wraps that may be carelessly
• thrown about one, and by so doing
reerve a double purpose. Hence the re
turn of grandmother's shawl.
•The splendid embroidered ones are
"little short of a windfall, for they are
the swellest of the swell, and for a
most excellent reason— they simply defy
Imitation. The colors are never quite
.as mellow and as 6oft, the design as
-q'uaint and the luster as silky, for time
.alone puts its seal of approval on artl
, r'les worth while and marks it then and
•there for its very own.
.. Occasionally the patterns are very
.Oriental and are gay with brilliant pea
" cocks and with gaudy chrysanthemums,
and when this is the case it limits the
frocks that may be worn with it most
decidedly; especially if the ground
• chances to be other than white, cream
or pearl gray. But beggars cannot
very well be choosers, and If the chest
• can be persuaded to part with a deep
"crimson heavily embroidered with
»; white, or a crepy black embellished
;with pink roses, all that one may do is
'to make the best of It and be duly
' ihankful.
." Of course. It goes without saying that
.-.•white, no matter what the fabric or the
tiimmlnsB may be. is always the most
'^serviceable and by far the daintiest
•""looking. Red suggests the dark-haired,
'•."dusky-eyed gypsy lassie, and deep pinks
• in$ ¦ blues the Portuguese girl, who
;thrqws her shawl over her head to pro
"\it£\ herself from the sun as she trudges
"stolidly back and forth to her work.
• liiack seems to savor of trouble and
" s'orrow, and as there are few who can
¦j wear it with any grace it is left to ful
l-fill its somber promises. So, you see,
"•white is about all that Is left for
.shawls— that is, of course, crepe shawls,
for the fabric itself makes all the dlf
• fererfce in the world, and what would
be- the smartest of the smart In one
material would be too dowdy for de
" Bcription in another.
•. Of these careless "ihro-vs" there is
an endless variety. The modern ones
are fashioned for pretty alone and are
; as light and as airy as a summer
breeze, and, by the way, quite as illu
sive, for they arc here In their charm
.-¦ing freshness to-day and there In their
"bedraggled, sorry condition to-mor
*ow.
• A French butterfly arrangement Is
made of yards and yards of tulle and
•"a foamy billow of soft white lace. The
• foundation itself is of soft white- silk,
" but as it is covered with a multitude
of -baby ruffles, all edged with Valen
ciennes, It might almost as well be of
•• co Won, save i.;: occasional unruly ruf-
TO PREPARE A ROSE PILLOW
(Mrs. O. E.). — To prepare rose leaves
for a pillow gather the fresh petals
during the middle of a clear day when
free from dew or rain. All kinds of
roses may be used and the blossoms
should be pulled apart and the petals
spread out thinly on sheets of tissue
paper In any airy place away from the
direct rays of the sun to dry. As soon
as the petals begin to curl up and feel
dry to the touch they must be put in
a roomy bag of thin cheese cloth to
prevent blowing about. In a cool, dry
room, where the air circulates freely.
Unless this part of the work is care
fully done the petals will have a dis
agreeable musty odor. Pillows filled
with dried flowers are generally more
or less epiced, according to individual
taste, but if you wish to retain the
true odor only it will be necessary to
add the perfume of the fresh rose, lost
in the drying process, by a small
quantity of the best v.-hite rose sachet
powder or a few drops of attar of roses
rinse the face with cold water to which
has been added one-half teaspoonful of
prepared benzoin, or fifteen drops of
the simple tincture of camphor to a
quart of water. This will act as a
tonic, whitening and cooling the skin.
be done to restore the form and relievo
this burden, but the treatment must be
persistent and regular. If the figure
Is greatly enlarged at this point before
any method of reduction is resorted to,
of course the improvement will be
slow, but none the less sure if pre
served in. Short exercise cannot
quickly undo the work of months or
years. When one Is too stout it is wise
to abstain from starchy, fat and sweet
food. A diet which will supply
strength rather than fat is an import
ant factor In combating such condi
tions. Exercise Is the next essential.
If from years, occupation or surround
ings long walks are not practicable, do
as much walking as possible and sup
plement with mechanical exercise to
assist in breaking down the fat cells
which have accumulated in the mus
cular tissues and which will be elimi
nated through the circulation of the
blood. Unless afflicted with rheu
matism I suggest the following exer
cise clad only in a loose gown: Raise
the hands above the head, fingers to
gether, and bend the body forward at
the waist until the finger tips touch
the floor, if possible without bending
the knees. Then raise the body slow
ly and bend backward, Just enough to
bring the muscles of the abdomen taut
the fat is partly tried out lay the meat
in the hot kettle, turning It from side
to side until the surface is seared over.
This coating prevents the escape of the
juices and also the absorption of the
water. Then add sufficient boiling
water to partly cover the meat, boll
rapidly for four or five minutes, draw
toward the back of the range and sim
mer slowly until the meat is tender,
allowing about twenty minutes to each
pound If the meat is In one large piece.
After the meat has cooked one hour
add a palatable seasoning of salt, pep
per and a slice of onion, carrot or bou
quet of kitchen herbs, if liked. If
additional water is required it should
always be boiling hot and it is also.
Important that the kettle cover fits per
fectly or that portion of the meat not
covered by water will be tough and
rare when the part in the water will
be overdone. •
GOOSE FLESH — (Katherine). You
can get rid of the coarse rough flesh,
but it will take a little time and pa
tience. In the first place, buy a cam
el's hair brush and scrub your arms
v/ell with it every night Then after
thoroughly drying your arms apply
the following lotion: Tincture of ben
zoin, 1 fluid drachm; tincture of tolu,
20 drops; rose water, 1 pint. If your
arms are unusually thin try a gentle
massage and rub in some good skin
food. It may take about as long as
a month for the goose flesh to disap
pear and then I should advise the use
of another lotion to make the arms
white and pretty: Pure glycerin, 1
ounce; hydrochloric acid, specific
gravity 1-16, 1 imperial fluid drachm;
rose water, 2 fluid ounces; bichloride
of mercury (crystals) 6 grains; dis
tilled water, 4 ounces; alcohol, 2
ounces. Dissolve the bichloride of
mercury in the alcohol, then add the
other ingredients. Keep in a tightly
stoppered bottle away from the reach
of children. This is a well known
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL 1 .
COLD BATHS — (Amy). You are the
one to Judge best whether to take a
cold bath in the morning. I would
not advise you to try the tub at first,
but begin with the sponge bath. Fill
the bowl wiili cold water and put
some "rock salt into it and give your
self a vigorous rubbing Jown. After
ward rub yourself unLl you fairly
glow with a Turkish towel and do not
stop this until you are warm and
comfortable. If you leave the bath-
13
WHAT WOMEN WANT TO KNOW"What won't you do next, father?"
he said! /'You've set yourself on fire,
and nearly burned up the shop. That
wooden leg of yours cost me just $50,
andit'll be a longtime before I can
afford another."
And then ' he saw dimly the agony
in his father's - face/, and he softened.
He was not a bad man, nor even a
harsh man — only- thoughtless. "You
must learn to be more careful, father,"
he; said. gently,. and yet Insistently, as
if he' talked to a child. /
sunshine, sucking his candy, until the
vision blurred in his dim old eyes. Then
he returned to his brazier. He sat
down, and drew his chair almost over
it. He bent double, with his elbows on
his knees and his head resting on his
hands, and there he >sat alone for a
long time. Finally he straightened up.
The subtle warmth of the fire had
stolen through his body. He leaned back
in his chair, his head drooped over to
one side, and his work-worn old hands
lay palm upward on his knees. He was
fast asleep. The brazier under him con
tinued to glow and send its cheery
comfort stealing up around his chair.
It had a friendliness and hearty
warmth that were more than the kind
ness of many of the old man's friends.
The dusk of evening came down and
filled the corners with shadows. And
presently a glow that was not all in the
brazier began to illuminate the center
of the room. A thin, wavering mist of
smoke curled up around the old man
and crept silently along the dingy ceil
ing. ' A moment later there was a sharp
burst of flame that disappeared as sud
denly as it came. The old man's
trousers leg rested against 1 the hot
brazier, and the fine fire gnawed and
sparkled In the heavy cloth. A few
shavings on the littered floor of the
shop were crisping with sudden wisp3
of flame, and the chair legs were on
fire. I But Uncle Luther slept on, wholly
unconscious of his danger.
Jonathan Dowell, returning from the
village, saw a sinister glare in the shop
windows. He rushed into the room,
seized the old man and lifted him
swiftly to one side. Then he beat out
the fire with a gunny sack.
Uncle. Luther sat up, trembling and
terrified. His wooden leg was gone. It
had burned almost to the stump, and
the charred remains were still smoking.
Jonathan Dowell's voice rang with
anger. v
"It's good of you to say so," said
Uncle Luther, "but I jus' can't do it.
Tommy's the man," and then he add
ed wistfully, "I wisht I could see
Tommy."
But Uncle Tommy did not come.
Uncle Luther heard, however, that
Uncle Tommy had been appointed
marshal of the parade, and he was
glad of it. P'or himself, he was busied
after the first day or two with a
stout piece of ash, which he slowly
whittled down with a draw shave to
the proportions of a wooden leg. It
would not do as well as a regular ar
tificial leg, such as the one he had
been wearing, but he hoped that it
would serve him for the Memorial day
exercises. He still cherished a desire
to march with the parade, although
he knew that Jonathan would not ap
prove of it. He was afraid of Jona
than. But whole days slipped by
wherf he-was not strong enough to
work, and yet he clung to the task
with feverish eagerness. The man
within him protested that he was still
good for something, that old age had
not robbed him 'of everything.
On the morning of Memorial day
the whittling was all finished, but
there remained the task of attaching
the 1 straps and Uncle Luther knew
that he could not hope to complete
the leg in time for the exercises. So
he laid it away and' toward noon he
dressed UDyih his best blue clothes and
put on hi3 wide brimmed black hat
with the gold cord around the crown.
Then he hobbled out of the door and
dropped, down on a box by the fence
with his back resting against a post.
It was a fresh, clear May .morning.
During- the night there . had been a
shower and the grass at the roadside
"I was thinkin'," he said, "that now
I can't march, p'raps Amery might let
Tommy have it — "
Captain Enoch frowned darkly, but
Uncle Luther hurried on:
"He's more commandin'-that I be,
er ever was, er ever will be, an' he's
had practice "
"Oh, you'll be ready to march by
Decoration day," interrupted Captain
Enoch.
" 'Twant so bad as if you hadn't lost
it, before," he comforted.
But Uncle Luther had no mind for
treating his loss frivolously. The years
has crushed all of the humor out of
him, and left him only tragedy.
"Get in," commanded Uncle Tommy,
in a voice that was not to be disputed.
Uncle Luther, sitting as straight aa
a trooper, drove out at the head of the
procession, while the band, with a rat
tle of rums, swept into "Hall, Colum
bia, Happy Land."
Uncle Luther strapped on the leg
with trembling, inefficient fingers, and
then Captain Enoch and Uncle Tommy
marched him out between them. Uncle
Tommy's ov.n horse and buggy, deco
rated with ribbons and flowers, stood
In front of the shop.
"You're goin' to be the marshal of
the day," said Captain Enoch.
"But— Tommy "
"I calculate to make a speech," ha
stammered; "but — we thought we'd
decorate the livin' this year. Lather,
here's a new tpg."
He held out the odd-shaped package
helplessly. Uncle Luther did not seem
to see it at all. He reached forward
and put his hands on his brother's
shoulders, and the leg fell down un
heeded between the two old men.
decide what to do the old soldiers
stopped, almost in front of his own
little shop. The band had swung out
to one side. It was playing •'Amer
ica," and the sweet, shrill voices of
the children rose and fell with the
music. Uncle Luther sank back on
his box. trembling.. Through a mist
of great happiness he saw Uncle Tom
my and Captain Enoch advancing to
ward him side by side. He couldn't
believe it at first; he didn't pretend to
believe it.
"I'm gettin* old." he muttered, "an*
I'm not steady in my mind."
But he rose to meet them. Uncla
Tommy carried an odd-shaped package
In his arms, and when he was near to
Uncle Luther he stopped and cleared
his throat. Every one was silent, lis
tening.
And that shows how two brothers,
who have been boys together, men to
gether, and soldiers together, may drift
apart. For years Uncle Tommy and
Uncle Luther had not met, except at
gatherings of old soldiers, and these
were not pleasant meetings. For the
two little towns, albeit they lay out on
the wide Minnesota prairie, with only
an imaginary line between them, could
not agree. It was the^kind of dissen
sion that grows rank and strong in lit
tle communities where there arc few
outside interests to occupy the inter
vals of attention. And the old soldiers
took it up, ajid fought it out as valiant
ly as they had marched on Vicksburg.
They might have had a Grand Army
post, with reminiscent camp fires, and
they might have had Fourth of July
celebrations and Memorial day pa
rades; but as certainly as Uncle Tom*
my led the hosts of West Alden in one
direction, Amery and Captain Enoch
Bradley could be depended upon to
inarch in exactly the opposite direction.
As for Uncle Luther, he always fol
lowed Uncle Tommy's procession wher
ever it might lead. Again and again
the old soldiers of the two towns met
in the interests of harmony. Uncle
Tommy would come to preside, and
Uncle Luther would second the motions,
and then all would slump off into the
quagmire of dissension. At such times
the fires of a stirring past would blaze
up in Uncle Luther's faded eyes, his
stooped shoulders would stiffen back,
a faint flush would steal into his
cheeks, and he would nod his old gray
head as IZ in time to martial mu.vw.
thun Uncle Tommy, and he had become
querulous and quavery, so that Jona
than and his thrifty wife groaned
under the responsibility of looking aft
er him.
Copyright by S. S. McCiure Co,
UNLE TOMMY DOWELL and
L'nHe Luther Dowell were twins
only in age and patriotism. In
everything: else they were as dif
ferent as b'ack and white or hot and
cdd. Uncle Tommy was short and
puffy, and bald of head, with a remin
iscent twinkle in his blue eyes and a
t ertain sprightlincss in his step that
quite belied his age. Also, he had two
srood, stout, stubby legs, although they
were a bit bowed and stiff, so that be
thumped smartly with his* heels when
he walked.
What Uncle Tommy lacked of reach
ing nature's' standard of a man. Uncle
Luther made up. He was gaunt and
stooping, and so spare that one almost
expected to hear him rattle in his old
blue clothes like withered peas in a
pod. Fine trouble lines mapped his
forehead, and his beard" was thin and
pray. When he walked he lurched at
every step and bore heavily on his
cane, for he had left his good right leg
on the bloody slopes of Chickamauga,
and for nearly thirty years he had
stumped painfully about on a wooden
leg.
Uncle Tommy was bluff and prosper
ous. He lived in a comfortable house
in West Alden, and when all of his
children came home for Thanksgiving
dinner Uncle Tommy's wife put all the
spare leaves in the dining table and
carved two turkeys.
Uncle Luther had a little one story
shop, across the county line in the ad
joining town of Amery, where he sol
dered pans and tinkered clocks. It
vts next the lane, in the farther cor
ner of his son Jonathan's land, and he
made up his own bed and cooked his
meals in the little room in the rear.
He seemed at least twenty years older
Uncle Luther walked up the road
alone. His step was brisker than usual,
and there was- a brighter gleam in his
eye. He could not Jielp feeling proud
that he had been honored. There were
other men in Amery who would have
served better im his place— he knew
that well enough, for he was old, and
he didn't walk easily— but he was glad
with the joy of appreciation. For so
many years he had been an unnoticed,
crippled tinker, and when at last rec
ognition came to him, even at the ex
pense of his more fortunate brother, he
could not help exulting.
"Well, I fought fer it," he mumbled;
"an* 1 bled fer it. I'd a-given both my
legs, if necessary; they know that."
Then, after a pause, he said aloud,
"But I wisht Tommy'd got it."
He opened the door of his little shop
and went in. His eyes swept the fa
miliar disorder of the room, the rusty
tools hanging on the wall, the blear
faced old clocks, the pots and pans, all
the toys of a second childhood. He was
glad to be at home again, for. he was
worn out with the excitement
of the meeting. Outside the sun shone
on the green prairies, and there was'
warm, puddly dust in the road; but
Uncle Luther's .blood was thin and
cold, and he shivered in the damp in
terior of the shop. So he brought his
soldering brazier, from thd corner and
stirred the coals into a bright glow.
Then he bent over to warm his hands.
Jonathan Dowell came down the lane
between his prosperous fields on his
way to town. Little. Dick was with
him. When Uncle Luther saw them he
went to the door and beckoned.
"Come in, Jonathan! Come, in!" he
called.
His face shone with pride and he told
with feverish eagerness of the new
honor which the day had brought him.
"Nonsense," Interrupted Jonathan
testily. "Don't you know, father, that
you're gettin' too old and feeble to take
part in such things? You ain't able
to walk to the graveyard an' back, an*
you're only stirrin* up trouble between
the families. Uncle Tommy'll never
forgive you."
"I know it," he faltered: "I know it.
Jonathan. Tommy'd ought to. have it.
I told 'em so. . I said Tommy'd ought to
have it."
. The end of the lane was the end of
Dick's little world, and he turned and
loitered back, humming a tune, to him
self, as a child will. Uncle Luther ;
stood. in the doorway and watched him
wistfully. Of a sudden he recalled. how
Uncle Tommy had looked when ' they
were boys together. k
"Jus*, like Tommy, exactly," • he said,
half aloud, gazing fondly at the little
fellow. Then he bent over, him stiffly
and beckoned. '
"Come see gran'pa," he said.. smiling
enticingly.
Dick crossed his hands behind his
back and looked at Uncle- Luther so
berly. He was a sunny haired little
fellow, with: blue syes and puckery red
lips, and he stood full in the -.bricht
May sunshine. Uncle Luther regarded
him seriously.
"I told 'em I didn't want to march."
,he said, protestingly. "I said Tommy'd
do it better'n I could. But < Captain
Enoch, ner any of 'em, would listen to
On the third year the old soldiere
met again, thoroughly determined* to
be harmonious. _. In ten minutes' time
Uncle Tommy was thumping on the
jiiKc table with his cane, ai\d several
other old soldiers were clinging to
Captain Enoch's coat-tails, while the
two men glared and threatened. And
then Captain P^noch executed a well
planned flank movement, routed Uncle
Tommy and ran up the Amery colors.'
A few minutes later his faction, acting
with the right of might, had decided,
upon all the important features of the
parade. And to further rout Uncle
Tommy and his retainers, they ap
pointed Uncle Luther to the honored
position of marshal of the. day. , •
At first Uncle Luther was dumb
with jistonishment. He had as good
right to be marshal as Uncle /Tommy.
They had belonged to the same regi^
ment, and both had reached the rank
of corporal. Uncle Luther on one leg
and Uncle Tommy on two. But Uncle
Luther always had deferred to Uncle
Tommy as if he had been an older
brother, and it seemed to him hardly
short of sacrifice to appear as Uncle
Tommy's rival. So tie struggled to "his
feet, and held up a lean finger to catch
Captain Enoch's eye.
"I rather have Tommy have the
place," he faltered; "he's better fitted
for it than I be."
But Uncle Tommy was storming
down the room.
"Keep it!" he roared, and» he went
out, slamming the door after him.
Uncle Luther followed him a few
steps, wistfully, and then he dropped
back into his seat, and listened dumbly
while Captain Enoch and the exultant
revolters planned the details of the
parade.
"l£'s Amery's turn this year," gloated
Captain Enoch.
For two years the towns had- held
Memorial day services, but they, had
been mournfully dispirited. Uncle
Tommy, by 'sheer force of character,
had been marshal of the day, and
Uncle Luther and a few stragglers
from Amery had marched with the
parade; but Captain Enoch , and his
supporters stood by with gloomy for
bearance and offered no word of en
couragement. There was really little
need of Memorial day services, except
in the abstract. The cemetery, where
the discord of the^ two towns was
buried, lay on a bare prairie knoll, set
around with precise rows of spindling
eottonv,oods that languished half the
summer with thirst and whipping
winds and dust — and it contained no
soldiers' Ki'avcs. But Uncle Tommy's
parades marched up the road to the
cemetery gate and back again, and
Untie Luther felt that the country's
dead, wherever they might lie, had
bcerl honored. . .
that none but he could hear. Some
times the tears came up to his eyes, and
the boy who was fortunate enough to
hear him talk thrilled with the quick
pride of strife and longed to shoulder
a carbine and march away to the mu
sic of fife and drum. '
News travels quickly in a small town,
and the next morning the sympathetic
and the. curious came to condole with
fUncle Luther, and . to examine the re
mains of the fifty-dollar i leg, and to
point out where the fire had charred
the chair. • They went about solemnly,
as at a funeral, glancing sideways from
the corners of their eyes, and yet not
missing anything.
Among the very first to call was Cap
tain Enoch Bradley, who was a hearty,
warm-blooded, irascible old fellow, and
his bluff sympathy went far toward
solacing; Uncle Luther in his affliction.
"Too bad to trouble Jonathan an' his
wife," he muttered. „ "Cory is so thrif
ty an' partie'lar. I'm careless, I know
it. I'm gettin' old." And then after
a time his mind reverted to the ear
lier interests of the day, and he said
aloud: "I wish Tommy'd got it."
Uncle Luther was glad when his son
vent away. He crept to his little. back
room like a wounded dog, and lay down
on the bed. Old age had made him
sli/w, and he could not realize at first
the full magnitude of his disaster; but
he- knew that he had deeply angered
his son.
"Don't go 'way," said Uncle Luther,
eagerly; "come an' see what gran'pa's
got for Dicky."
He turned and hobbled painfully
across his shop. He put on his spec
tacles and opened a drawer in his
workbench, and in its depths he found
a stick of horehound candy.' Dick stood
with one pudgy hand resting on the
door frame, peering into the shop-with
wide eyes. *
"Candy," announced .Uncle Luther,
expressively.
Dick drew a little nearer, glancing
from the candy to his grandfather's
wrinkled face. Uncle Luther waved
the stick like a wizard's wand, and
lured Dick nearer and nearer until a
dirty little hand closed over the candy.
Then he reached out slowly and cau
tiously and gathered Dick in his arms.
"Ain't you goin' to kiss gran'pa?" ha
asked eagerly. ; .
But the little boy wriggled away, and
ran out of the door. Uncle Luther
watched him loitering: up the lane in the
me..-- Don't, go, 'way. Dicky, don't go
way, an' leave gran'pa." .beseechingly.
But the little boy was edjsrinjr away;
he didn't understand, and he was
afraid. * v^ r A?
"Down with the traitor, up with
the star," he' chanted in his thin,
quavery, old voice.
Now they had reached the end of
the lane, and Uncle Luther could
make out the full length of the
parade. It was by far the greatest
celebration that the town ever had
known and ' his heart swelled with
pride at the thought. Not once did he
recall his owi) disappointment and
sorrow; it was all for the glory of the
day. f v '
Suddenly. Uncle Luther shrank
back. What were they trying to do?
He felt an impulse to run forward and
tell them inat they had missed the
way to tfce cemetery, and that the
lane ran only as far as Jonathan
Dowell's house. But before he could
Then the old fellows in blue swung
at the corner, they were keeping mili
tary line, and something of the old
spirit had thrilled their steps into an
unwonted precision. The band, wheel
ing with them, swept into "Rally
Round the Flag, Boys." Uncle Luther
leaped forward on his one good leg,
waved his hat around hjs head, and
shouted, "Hurrah, hurrah!" His head
was thrown back, his eyes flashed, his
breath came quick and hot.
Uncle Luther put on his long-dis
tance glasses and he saw a blur of
blue moving along the road from the
village. Above it there was a blur of
red and white. A moment later they
resolved themselves into a knot of old
soldiers, with the flag flapping^above
them. Uncle Luther took a long
breath and his eyes shone. Suddenly
a band began to play the stirring mu
sic of ''Marching; Through Georgia."
"They've got the band," exclaimed
Uncle Luther, in a voice that choked
with ecstasy.
Unconsciously he rose on his one
good foot and took off his hat. His eyes
dimmed, and as the enlivening strains
of the music came up to him another
picture formed on his misty glasses. He,
saw the boys in blue— not a meager
handful of gray and stooping remnants,
but boys with fresh young faces and
broad shoulders and proud chins. They
were muddy to the knees with march
ing, they were ragged and tattered,
but they swept by to the drums and
fifes, regiment after regiment and bri
gade after brigade; and orderlies clat
tered up and down yith yellow envel-.
opes stuck in their belts, and the shells
v.ere screeching from the rebel heights.
He saw the companies wheel and de
ploy; he saw them strip down and
form in line at "Charge bayonets.** The
big, black guns were leaping the ruta
in the road, the gunners clinging des
perately to the caissons. Then he saw
the long line of gray rise up* over the
hill, and pour itself down the slope. He
saw the ragged, mile long flash of the
carbines— and he would have leaped
forward to the charge, if for a single
moment he had heard the bugle's shrill
summons.
Uncle Luther's spectacles -were dim
med. He polished them off with shaky
fingers and looked again. Behind the
band there was a stretch of white that
seemed- to nod and twinkle in the sun
shine.
"They've got the children, too." he
faltered.
stood up green and dewy. The fields
of waving wheat blades spread away
for miles before him, dotted here and
there with houses and red barns and
straight rows of Lombardy poplars
and cott'onwoods. Where Uncle Lu
ther sat he could look ur> the yellow
stretch of roadway and he knew that
he could see the parade almost as
scon as it left the town. It would
pass the end of the lane on its way to
the cemetery and he hoped, with the
vague optimism of the very old and
the. very young:, that it would come
back by the same road. Seeing it was
next to marching with it.
THE- SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY OALL\
14
UNCLE LUTHER DOWELL'S WOODEN LEG.What she saw was the face of a
superior, who looks with a certain
amount of interest and indulgence
upon the pranks of a willful child.
She instantly felt as if she were a
small, shivering thing In the midst of
a big, cold world,' though she clutch
ed frantically at her oozing dignity.
"I don't see how you dare talk to
me in such a manner," she began,
with a look that was meant to crush
him. But the rest of the sentence
was lost, for. instead of returning to
the worm state again— as by every
token he should have done — he sim
ply burst into an amused laugh. H\?
The rhythmic rumbling of the wheels,
the whirling lights outside where the
dusk had deepened into velvety black
ness, the cheerful brightness of the car,
all seemed unreal.
She had boarded a train at Jersey
City like a queen with a faithful, hum
ble servant in tow, a servant whom,
in her heart of hearts, she valued, but
of whose devotion she was so sure that
her estimate of him was. disparaging
for that very reason? And now— two
hours later — everything had changed!
. Even now, out of the tail of his eye,
she could - see that he was regarding
the handsome, well-set head -of a girl
who occupied a chair a few rows ahead
of them with the Interest of a man
who realizes that you never know when
or how you may' meet— Her !
For the time being he actually seemed
to have forgotten her royal self com
pletely. It was all very well to pretend
to give her the choice— allowing her to
abdicate, as It were. In reality, she
face a cold fear touched her heart.
Beneath his nonchalance she had ex
pected to discover some sign of leel
lng — some indication of the eagerness
and pleading that had looked so
plainly from hi3 eyes on other occa
sions when he had spoken of his love.
one of the solid joys of a fleeting- ex
istence and answered her with cheer
ful readiness:
"You are the fourth." he announced
shamelessly, and at the words her
eyes blazed into his again involun
tarily and he became lost in a great
contentment. Usually she refused him
so differently! It was: "You see, I
don't love you in that way, though I
want you for a friend. Somewhere
there is a nice girl waiting for you
and we'll find her together." Jerrold
gloated inwardly at the way In which
the tables had turned and marveled
at his own stupidity.
He left a lively interest of fellow
ship with the worm that turned glow
ing in his veins. After months of ab
jectness he tingled with the conscious
ness that Richard was himself again
and no longer a man made weakly
indulgent by his love. In the nutter
ing of her nostrils he could read the
anger and resentment that was surg
ing through her and he found the
sight exhilarating. . She- was in sad
need of subjugating, this Katherine of
his, and he applied himself to the
task with a keener zest than he had
ever before experiencd.; There was
Just a hint of mockery in his tone
when next he addressed her.
"Of course," he continued, as if the
ten minutes of tense silence that had
elapsed since his last remark was the
most natural thing in the' world, "it
rests entirely with you whether 'to
be continued* or 'concluded' shall be
written after this, the fourth chap
ter." ,'V^ : .. [.....'[:¦. '
The deliberation of his SDeech -..-as
marked, and the darkening landscape
suddenly ceased to absorb all of Miss
PIxley's attention. She turned toward
him like a cornered creature prepared
to conceal her chagrin to the ut
most. But at the expression of his
"Might I ask just where I occur in
the scries?" she inquired at last. In a
tone whose exaggerated indifference
was as Eoothins to Jerrold as the heat
of a moment before had been.
He settled himself more comforta
bly in his chair, wheeled it about bo
that it commanded that view of her
profile that he had come to regard as
times!'*
"Any woman," she gasped, the color
flaming into her cheeks and her eyes
Sparkling— "any woman! So I am—"
She stopped so abruptly that Jerrold
yas comically reminded of a fractious
saddle horse he had once owned, which
'would terminate a mad run with the
same abruptness, planting his forefeet
as rigidly as pokers. At last he had
touched a responsive chord.
"You were atout to remsxk?" he
rrompted invitingly. Ethel PIxley, her
face the plciure of annoyonce, experi
enced a sharp shock at her own heat.
Since she had refused him twice and
had every intenJon of doing so again,
even she realized the inconsistency of
her quick resentment. She did not
love him— of course not; and yet— well.
one doesn't like to think of a rejected
suitor as having offered himself to
c-thcr girls.
speech t-j the surroundings with
a somewhat srira humor. "Will you,
or will you not, undertake to love,
honor and obey my unworthy self until
one of the D's— preferably death — di
vifles us? Because," he added, thought
fully, "it's the 'third time I've asked
you, and 1 make it a point never to
a.*>k any woman more than three
CC T TS the Iast cal1 for dinner *n
I the dining-car, my dear girl,"
JL said Jf.rrold. adjusting his
By Keifcl* Gordon.
HER LAST CALL
A strange thrill ran through Ethel
Pixley, and she turned toward . the
man beside ' her.' It was only by an
effort that she kept from holding out
her hands to him. His .face was grave
almost, to sternness, and under his
masterful glance, her own eyes fell,
and she wondered in a sort of*desper
ation whether her lips were quivering.
"As he says, Ethel, it's the last call,
and I'm waiting for your answer."
Her only reply was a swift uplift
ing of the eyes : that ' he remembered
for- years afterward as the sweetest
thing he had ever witnessed in the
way of April \ showers, and, later •' on,
when .they had responded to the last
call for dinner, the waiter wopdered
and chuckled,' too, as he tucked Into
his pocket the crisp, two-dollar bill
that he received as his share of the
spoils. .
(Copyright, , 1904, by Mary McKeon.)
"From chapter to chapter!" she. fin
ished sarcastically, and at the look of
hot scorn that accompanied the words
he had a gloating idea that the day
was won.
At this juncture a picturesque figure
appeared at the end of the car, above
whose snowy garments a head that
looked as if it were finely turned
bronze, rose superbly.
"Last call for dinner in the dining
car!" called. a musical voice, as he
lounged dow'n the aisle with the gait
of a man who has his sea legs on.
"Dinner now ready in the dining-car."
There was a brief pause when he
passed them and disappeared at the
other end of the car,, but his voice
floated back to them, barely audible
above the rumble of the wheels, and
freighted with a lingering ominous
"Last call!"
was convinced that she was dethroned.
"HandBome girl up there, isn't it?"
he observed with enthusiasm, turning
toward her at last with the furtively
apologetic air of a man who has mo
mentarily forgotten himself. "So well
set up! Look at those shoulders and
the poise of that head! Regular Juno!"
Ethel PIxley assented stiffly. "You
have not always admired that type,
though," she added defiantly. "You
used to say you thought girls like that
masculine!"
"What a blind idiot I must have
been!" was the placid rejoinder, "and
how one's standard of feminine beauty
changes—"
Vf^TNHYLLIS," I asked, "will you
fl> J marry me?"
Y^ "Seven!" said Phyllis.
X I looked in astonishment.
"Seven?" I questioned. "Seven
what?"
"Why? the score, you silly," she re
sponded demurely. "Some one harc to
keep track of It." ,
That's the trouble with Phyllis. If her
sense of humor were not so highly de
veloped I'm quite sure I would have
had her ages ago. She never will take
me seriously.
"Bother the score," I cried desperate
ly; "anyway, we'll not count the other
six times."
"But I would very much rather."
Phyllis was staring into the fire. I
didn't know Just what she meant. I
never was much good at guessing."
' "Well," I answered indifferently,
"just as you please. , Count them if you
like. All I meant was that none of them
mattered so much as this time."
"Positively your last chance, ladies
and gentlemen," she cried gayly.
I assented in my most dignified man
ner. Phyllis laughed. I do wish she
would take me seriously once In a while.
• /'Why'dc^you keep on proposing to me
like this?" she asked me.
I shrugged my shoulders.
"If you must have it," I replied flip
pantly, "I suppose it's my little form of
diversion — my hobby, if you will. We
all have our hobbles more or less, you
. know." : .
Phyllis frowned. I liked that frown
Immensely. Then she looked at* me
quickly when I was not expecting it.
"You appear to be enjoying your
seif," she complained.
"Me?" I aueried in mock innocence.
"Oh, I protest; really I'm not!"
Phyllis frowned again.
"Well, then, you ought to be."
"I know," I agreed; "I ought to be.
Seven times ought to be productive of
more than it / has shown so far. I
wonder," I concluded dreamily to my
self, "I wonder if eight will do it."
"You haven't been answered for
seven yet," said Phyllis.
"No," said I; "nor for any of the
•other six either."
, "Now, there was Darcy Graham,"
said Phyllis inconsequentially. "He
asked me to marry him nineteen times
and swore eternal devotion each time
whether I would have him or no.
There's a man for you!"
"And then went and married Kitty
Macpherson," said I, almost to my
self.
"No," corrected Phyllis; "Kitty
married him."
•'Willie Atkinson came next," I ven
tured. '
"He only ran up to thirteen," said'
Phyllis.
"Which accounts for his failure," I
suggested.
Phyllis paid no attention to my re
mark.*.
"I : think the little fellow from the
bank whom I - met - in the summer
came after that?" she murmured in
terrogatively.
Phyllis locked at me with a funny
little smile. She never will take me
seriously.
"I suppose this will make a new
climax." said she.
. But her looks belied her words and
for once I was bright enough to see^
"No." said I as distinctly aa my
throat would let me. "this is not a
climax. This is a beginning!"
(Copyright, 1904, by Hubert McBean Johnston.)
"Thanks." I replied; "but with a score
of seven it does not seem have bene
fited me greatly. Will it do me any good
to make it eight?"
Phyllis toyed with the corner of tha
sofa cushion.
"You might do a great deal better,"
said she deprecatlngly.
"Then I don't have to make It eight?"
cried I, for once in my life comprehend
ing.
• "I did not say Just that, sir," said
Phyllis saucily. ,
I den't thiEk I ever saw Phyllis look
so beautiful, and the odd part of It was.
I couldn't see her eyes,- either. She was
staring full' Into the fire all the time.
If it makes her look that, way, I wish
she Would look into the fire always.
• "But I do make it eight, Phyllis."
«aid I soberly. '.-'.:.h'..-
I took hold of her arm , and turned
her round so that she was facing me:
but she still held her head down and I
could sea only her eyelashes. Phyllis
has long eyelashes.
"And you'll marry me, Phyllis?" I
whispered. I don't know whether I
raised my tone interrogatively or not.
I hadn't the same control over my
voicn that I had the other seven times.
"No, nothing serious," said Phyllis.
"But an awful lot of little things. I
think you need some one to take care
of you." - .."o -. .; v
"Parks Is an exceptional valet," said
I in his defense.
"Now, a wife—" began Phyllis, mus
ingly.
I laughed.
"Yes." said Phyllis, taking no notice;
"I think you need a wife. Why don't
you propose, to some nice girl. Jack?"
"I have," said I stoutly.
"Huh!" snorted Phyllis in disbelief.
"How many proposals have you «vtr
"Seven," said I.
I think Phyllis was pleased. Anyway,
she smiled a little.
"There was the Rawshaw girl." said
she warnlngly.
"Nice girl," I assented warmly.
"Nothing particularly queenllka about
a girl's carriage, though, when she's
only five foot three."
"And Bessie Fleming?"
Phyllis was getting back at me.
' "A sweet creature," I agreed; "but I
really prefer blondes."
• "And then • there's a - whole host of
others you. might have if you wanted
them. You're a catch, you know."
"I know." said I wearily. "You might
have been nicer, though, and said that
I was very popular. It all means the
same, perhaps, but there are prettier
ways of saying it."! *' >; >>
"Oh, no," said Phyllis sweetly, "you're
rather nice as well.". tri.';' 1 *:•:.
"Jack," she said, "you have soma
gray hairs."
"It's not polite of you to remind m«
of It," I said. t
"And your complexion isn't as good
as it used to be," she continued. "Be
sides, there are a lot of little things—
particularly about your clothes."
"Nothing serious, I trust?" I asked in
alarm.
I had expected Phyllis to be affected;
instead, she burst out laughing. That's
the trouble with Phyllis; she never will
take me seriously.
"You're a goose," she compliment
ed me. . ...
"Aw, thanks," I murmured.. "So good
of you."
Phyllis regarded me gravely. : Now^
it's an odd thing, but whenever Phyllis
looks at a fellow like that he feels sort
of funny all over, you know. I don't
know Just what it is. I think it must
be what they call personal mag
netism. "..-. -f r .\ '¦ r :-
"Suppose, though, I were to accept
you some time?" queried PhyHIa in an
awful tone. , .
"I would have a new climax for the
next one," said I. I natter myself I
said it indifferently.
"The very idea!" I murmured in a
surprised sort of way. "I never even
Insinuated such a thing. But you
know," I concluded dismally, "you
haven't had a proposal In three
weeks."
"I have," Insisted Phyllis; "I had
one just to-night."
"Oh, but that doesn't count." said I;
"you told me so yourself. These are
only sort of trial heats to keep you in
form, "you know." j
"Oh!" sniffed Phyllis. :;';
"Besides," I added, . "I need material
for my storiqs." . . • ,
"What a risk you are willing to run
for the sake of material!" said Phyllis.
"It is necessary that ona make
some sacrifices for the sake of art," I
explained. ..V.V/
"How awful it must be to be laid on
the shelf," I remarked sympathetic
ally.
"I'm not!" asserted Phyllis Indig
nantly, v: •*¦>*:;
"I can't remember who was next,"
said Phyllis quickly. "Do you know?"
"I think," said I reflectively, "I
added about two to my own score that
day; I alway3 liked you in white, you
know."
"One," said Phyllis, consulting her
tablets.
"Hold your head that way again," I
said. ''"What long eyelashes you
have!"
Phyllis deliberately turned the other
way.
"Hold it round," I commanded. "I
want to look at it."
Phyllis held it round. Phyllis likes
to be commanded at times — only a fel
low's got to know when to do it.
"A rather pretty mouth, too," said
I gravely, "and your color is also very
fair yet. One would never guess you
were getting up in years."
"I'm not," denied Phylll3 with a
certain assumption of dignity; ."I'm
only 23." * .
"You don't show it," I responded
gallantly. "Were I asked to make a
guess I should say 'sweet 16 and — ' "
"Quite so!" said Phyllis dryly, v ,-•'
"Surely you don't count him?" I
questioned in surprise. "Why, you
told me yourself that he only lasted
till the second round." '
"He would probably have stayed
longer if you hadn't come down that
Sunday," said Phyllis in a vexed way.
"You always do turn up at the most
inopportune moments."
."Had I only known you didn't want
me — " I began.
By Htabert McBe&n Jofeifcston.
A NEW CLIMAX
Tamasa's keen eyes studied tha youth
whose gaze followed the link behind
her in the clrclings of the endless chain,
and the result of the study was made
apparent in open encouragement or
harsh repudiation.
At the gangplank Tamasa's eyes
were almost kindly, for Miguel, the
Fcrutinizer ,. of fruit,, received thirty
eight cents a day; but Fana's gaze at
that noint dropped resolutely to her
feet, for Miguel was ill-favored and
morose.
In the ship's hold Tamasa's good
nature changed to black looks, while
Fzna's gaze rose swiftly and sweetly
and happily. Rafo received but 19
cents a day, but he was handsome and
blithe-hearted and straightforward..
Hound and round .circled the end
less chain, bearing- its stream of ban
anas from the wharf to the hold, and
like alternating belts of sunshine and
cloud changed the faces of old Tama
sa and youthful Farta aa they went
from gangplank to hold and hold to
gangplank.
Under ordinary circumstances ' the
gangplank was amply v.-ide for the
loaded chain, but Fafo's unchanging
politeness in the hold and Fana's per
sistent coldness at the plank had
.*7"f LONG line of b?rdins figures
f { passed \;!> the gangplank into
1 • I the hold <>f the vessel, then back
JL by another plank to the wharf,
vhere they arsin connected with the
line, forming an endless chain. Each
link was a wo:nan. and upon every
Eloping back v,as a bunch of bananas.
At the wharf er.d of the gangplank
a man gave a glance ::t the number of
clusters, or "hands," upon the bunches
as they passed, and then called out
<heir sizes In a sring-song "one-half
buhch." "one batch.** "two and a half,"
"two." "one and a half." "one," "one,"
'"two," and ar.otlifr man with a b<x>k
upon a board, placed across a barrel,
marked them down.
In the hold two men directed ths
women where to place the fruit. Both
of these were "eor.chs"; one. a rough.
brutal looking fellow, who merely
nodded directions and scowled, and
the other a laughing, jesting young
ster, who gave his orders by spring
ing forward and helping each woman
to deposit her bunch in its proper
place
Usuaily the women thanked him
with looks c-r words, Eonne of them
adding: "You good boy. Rafo," or,
."Ev'body goin' smile on you if you
keep on like dis."
But one link of the human chain
.'there was that did not thank him with
.looks or words either. She was old and
shrunken, with covetous, auspicious
eyes, and when Rafo sprang forward
. she always met him with angry snarl
ings ar.3 would never allow him tc
- touch her bunch. But not a whit dif
:ference did it make to Rafo. His sons
or laugh went on just as light heartedly
as ever, and when her portion of the
chain came round again he was wait
ins as usual with his ready offer of
; help, his ready laugh and his friendly
" eyes.
¦ Just behind the old woman circled a
young grirl. as young as Rafo, and
beautiful in "spite of her dark face and
bare fe<=-t and tattered garments; • in
spite of her hare shoulders with their
burden of bananas. She was always the
. link in the chain behind eld Tamasa,
her mother, and Ilafo never had time
for more than one swift glance into
her eye? before Tamasa had deposited
her bunch and whirled upon them with
her hawk-like eyes.
. It was just the seme on shore at
the Tamasa hut— the two links were al
ways together. Tamasa loved but one
thing in the world— her daughter Fana.
Nothing was too good for Fana, noth
' ing too high to be hor rd for her. So
darkened more and more the tempes
tuous countenance of Tamasa. until; at
last, just after they had passed the sul
len Miguel, her resentment got the
better . of . her tenderness and ahe
turned with a sharp reprimand.
But Fana had not yet raised her
eyes f rom - her feet and' the '*• conse
quence of Tamasa's checking the reg
ular motion' of the chain brought them
together and swayed the bunch .of
bananas from its delicate balance.
Fana tried to right herself, but in
vaim A moment . later there was a
loud splash in "the water twenty feet
below, accompanied by a scream from
Tamasa, who was peering down with
wild, frightened eyes.
Miguel was not ten feet away, but
his face was sullen with resentment
and anger and he made no : move.
Then there was a swift rush from the
hold and a second; splash and Rafo's
head rose to the surface with a merry
shout of encouragement.}
A rope was dropped from the vessel,
and even as Rafo's left arm encircled
the girl, his right hand shot up and
caught it. Then he whispered some
thing to her and, with quick intuition,
and courage equal to his own, she
placed her arms over his shoulders so
as not to impede his movements and
then, hand over hand, he went up the
rope until he could swing himself
across the gangplank. It was a rare
exhibition of nerve and muscle and the
spectators sent up an involuntary
shout of appreciation — all except Mi
guel and Tamasa.
The old woman's face was drawn and
tremulous, but the look she cast upon
Rafo was as black as ever.
"Come, Fana," she whispered hoarse
ly, "we will not work any more to
day. We will go home and rest."
But Fana was leaning against Rafo,
smiling happily. .Instead of recovering,
from fright, she was perfectly calm.
"Rafo," he called imperiously. "Hera,
quick! I want to see you. I'm In %
hurry. Oh, there you are," as ha saw
the group. "Well, I'm sorry to disturb
you. but every second 13 precious to
me now. I .have an imperative sum
mons to England to settle, up an es
tate, and will have to be gone two
years or more. , I want you to take care
of my flnca until I return. I've had
you work for me, Rafo, and know you
are perfectly honest and j trustworthy.
"What do you say? Quick! I must get
my things ready and take this boat
back. You will know how to cut and
ship the bananas, and I will give you
fifty dollars a month and pay all ths
expenses. And, oh, yes," as ho no
ticed for the first time the figure en
circled by Rafo's arm, "this will be a
good time for you to get married.
There is a comfortable house on "the
plantation you can live in. What do
you say?"
Rafo made him a low bow, showing
his teeth. "Si, senor," he answered,
"we ¦will be married In twenty minutes,
and you can leave in thirty — as soon
as you have kissed the bride." And
then his merry, infectious laugh rang
out so heartily that all had to join In,
even Tamasa.
(Copyright, 1904, by Frank H. Sweet.)
"Let the little one rest," interrupted
Rafo. pleasantly. "Don't you see how
weak she is. And I like it."
"You— like it!" screamed Tamasa.
losing control of herself entirely.
"You— you nineteen-cent man! You
grinner and Jester! Oh, Miguel, comt
here!"
But instead of Miguel, another man.
a brisk young Englishman, pushed his
¦way" across the gangplank toward
them.
Those few moments coming up the rope
borne by ths strong, confident Rafo.
had been the happiest of her life. And
now, upheld by his encircling arm. she
did not care If the whole world— and
her mother, too— were looking.
¦ ' "Fana!" sharply, "you . must* not
stand like that. It is not proper. 1
wiU— "
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL'.
15
RAFOEASY PUZZLES THIS WEEK
Turk st.. S. F.; Lucy Drew. 1S62 Sev
enth st:, East Oakland; Edgar Israel,
312% Fulton st., S. F.; Russell Kirby,
201 Grant" ave.. S. F.; Paul Scriven,
Melrose; Mary Fintz, San Mateo; How
ard Whitten. 1716 Folsom st., S. F.;
O. Macy,.1716 Folsom St., S. F.; O. B.
.Whitten. 1716 Folsom St., S. F.; Zach
ary Whitten. 1716 Folsom St., S. F.;
Charles Snow. Agnew; J. L. McCarthy,
Alviso; John McCarthy. -Alviso; Mar
guerite Wunnenberg, Vallejo; George
Wihr, 11 Metropolitan ave., S. F.;
George McGuire,, North. Vallejo; Carlos
Templeton,- Sacramento; Carrie Green,
521 Florida st.. Vallejo; Wilber A^
Green, Valtejo; Carroll Belknap. Mo
desto; Violet White, 12C4 Twelfth ave.,
East Oakland; Adolf Bauer, 3700 Cali
fornia st., S. F.; Welwyn Dallam, 615
Walsworth ave., Oakland; Eugene
Maxon, 1051 Market St.. Oakland; F. T.
Haines, 548 Stockton st., S. F.; Mae
Bowen, 428^ Waller street, S. F.; Mae
Johnson, 407 Hayes St., S. F.; Rudolph
Trautner, 2540 McAllister st., S. F.;
Dorothy Howe, San Diego; G. Wender
ing, 1911 Addison St., Berkeley; John
Wendering, Berkeley; Lester O'Dell,
Stockton; Henrietta Liguori, Agnewr
Leo "McCauly, .Alviso; Jack Liguori.
Agnew; Mark Brpaddus. Agnew; Mir
iam Broaddus, . Agnew ; Stanley Fulla
loye, 2806 Pine st., S. F.; Breston Snook,
402 Plymouth ave., Oakland; George
.Lunger, 445 Octavia st., S. F.; Gertie
Rcaenbaum, 13S4 Bush st.. S. F.: Henry
Wunnenberg, Vallejo; Michael Sherry,
Reno, Nevada.
'f-'J; Tills wecli everybody can get a try at that list of boofes .>\Uh a 'ji.ttle exertloift" for the^ joker here is
to find Uic name or the dance for whMi each one of these eight " pictures stands. Ttvobf them Avill perhaps
. puzzle you 'a bit, but should come after a. little study. • '¦ '-,¦ *"?»>*' - •¦**'-* ¦ ¦*-*— • U^i *
*,'— But here is.jsonieflilns tlie-1'nzzle Editor wants to speak ot« particularly. Ypu/must not only give
-your name and the town find State wherein you life, but the street or postoffice number. This is Im
portant because many books have been" returned because of Incorrect addresses. And don't forget' the gal
lery of honor. : .V * - ' t • '
And renicmbcr this: Yoii will* all have a chance not only' to""win one of those 150 prizes, but ge*
your picture published as well. The Puzzle Editor wants, all . the prize, winners' :o. send' in their pictures
—the whole 150 every week If .possible. Begin right now. Doift \*jiit.V.The morb- the merrier. ..There
v- can't be too many. :."/¦ - , \ "'¦ ' . •
£ 'I \ .PLEASE DOXT SEND IX ANY TIXT1TE PICTURES ori PROOFS T^
means that th-y will fade' as soon us they arc ¦ exposed. to the sun, and Uon't forget to write your name and*'
address on the back of each and every photograph. . And by ,all means be sure that you are a prize win
ner/before you send in any picture at all. - - '•'¦ — •¦ '. . . .. \ . . . . . .-'.," -¦;
TIIERE ARE ONE -HUXDIIED AND F1ITY PBIZES," and this Is wh.- vou mist do to win one r>I
them: * .".¦., ' ,""\ . •'¦;¦.-" ...-. 1 x ¦ \ "* " '*i * .-. ¦'.¦¦'¦
.., ., Find. the names of ; dances on this -page and write them out.in, the 'space opposite the proper corre
sponding numbers pi-ovided : f 91- the purpose in the coupon on this pagej. as' per direct' -fill in the
coupon with your name and address and the prize you desire — if you. win— and send the coup'oii. to the
EDITOR OF THE NAME PUZZLE PAGE, Sunday Call,: San Francisco. Ca I. ;.
*;' RE3EEMBER— To the FIRST ONE HUNDI.ED AND .FIFTY BOYS f'AND GIRLS who solve the
* eight Puzzles correctly, .one of these ONE HUNDRED AND ' FIFTY BEAUTIFUL. PRIZES will be
...awarded.'' ...\ ,V > - I: , ; - ' .. ': • .' .:".; " ":':.;:. , ' : * 4 j^-.; .'¦;]—":. \ ¦_. -' ' .. \ \ .
And don't; forget .this next .point, because U Is very lmpbrUint: ALL MUST REACH
THIS OFFICE BY^^ FRIDAY A NOON. This zlxca all those in the country an equal chance to compete. Read
everything. on^ this page, uo.be -are; that : you overlook .' r npt|iiric 'that will "help "yoii to'win a prize' >
5 THE NA3IES OF THK/LUCKY WINNERS WILL BE PUBLISHED IN THE SUNDAY CALI two
WEEKS FROM TO-DAY, August 21.. . V r -"' :^i .. "- v » * ,-*^"
j : These arc the TWENTY BEAUTIFUL BOOKS from' whlcb^^ yoii may choose if you solve all the diu
" ..' ties correctly : : ; " v ; ¦.:¦¦¦¦ "/¦;''¦ .v-'.-h- -•'¦¦<¦¦¦ ..¦'". *
Autocrat of .the Breakfast 1 Child's Garden ; of Vcrsesi; Stevenson : Cranford Gaslell-
Cricket on-the^Hcarth, Dickens; Courtship of -Miles Slandisli. Longfellow fFaliy Land of Science 1 Bnckl-v*
-2 CtUUver's Travels,. Swift; Imitation of Oirlst/'A'Kemp^
Scott; Light : ofi Asia. Arnold; .Milton^ Poems; bid Christmas,^Irving; Pha.ptpm Rickshaw, Kipling; The
#P«Srim'8 Progress/ B^yan;; Plato Tales FromVthe
Image, Hawthorne; Through the Looking Glass, Carroll; -Vic, the Autobiography of 'a Fo X terrier, Marsh.
> > - •_• . ; }
524- Ellis et, S. F.; Constance McFar-i
land, Benicia; Raymond Wright, 3006;
Steiner st, S. F.; Everett Richmond,
Alvarado; R. Richmond, Alvarado;
Clarence Dow, Lodi; John Hope, 856
Shotwell st.. S. F.; Gladys Johnston,
446 -Pacific aye., Santa Cruz; Harry
Johnston, Santa Cruz; K. Kalogrias,
552% Bryant St., S. F.*; M. Kalogrias,
E52»£ Bryant st.. S. F.; Ward Durgen,
Berkeley; May . Fletcher, Mill Valley;'
Elsie Kirkman, San Rafael; Martha
Hu'ffeker, Allendale; Elinor Brown, San
Rafael; Tillie French, San Rafael; J.
Wood. SanLRafaelr Agnes Sheerin, Los
Gatos; F. L.; Sheerin, Lo» Gatos; Nick
Rohde^ 1507 Buchanan .'st, S. F.; Stew
art Kendall, 1076 Fourteenth st., ; Oak
land ; Ed- Smith, 1280 California st', S.
F.; Florence Morrison, 1324 T Filbert st.y
Oakland ; By na '_ Williams, Stockton ;
Dorothy Munro, Berkeley; . Loraine
Whitehead, San" Joae; Margie White
head, San Jose; Bessie KreiBS, 517
Church, st., Visalia; Calvin fPattee,
Campb Seco; Earl Scott,- Stockton;
Irene Slevin, 4 " 1036 Treat ave., 8.' F.;
Hazel Hurlbut, 1104 Santa Clara, ave.,
Alameda; Mildred Smith, 532 Turk st,
S. F. ; - Harriett Horn/ 1333 . Sanchez st ,
S. F.; Reese Thompson,.. Berkeley*
Grace Fauth. 238 Fourteenth; st, S. P.;
Irene Wissing, 240 Fourteenth St., S. F.;
Florence Wissing. 240 , Fourteenth st,
S. F.; Bethel Berrier. San Jose; Henry
Delaney, 1714 Clay st, S. F.;* Fay
Worthley, Penryn; Stella ; JCoryn, 538
Egilbert, Chico; Gertrude Loventhal,'
Bakersfield; Annie Wunnenberg, Val
lejo: Marion Clark, 960 Eighteenth St.,
Oakland; W. Robinson, S25 Ashbury st,
S. F.; C. Robinson, 825 Ash
bury St.. S. F.; Vivien MacDonald,
Pascines; Amy Butterworth, 2756 Octa
via st-. S. F.; Mae Detrick. 1709 Eddy
et., S. F.; B. B. Wheeler, 1839 Oak st.,
S.F.; Emmet Phillips. 1335 Mason st.,
S. F.: EtheVTrekel. 266 East Tenth at.,
Oakland; Carlos Howard. North Berke
ley; Charlie Snow, South Berkeley; Leo
Alexander, 227 Larkin St., S. F.; Helen
Haley, 2011 Greenwich St., S. F.; Hal
Curtis. 918 Ellis St., S. F.; George Ryer
sdn, 2133 Union et., S. F.;.Regina Ryer
eon, 2133 Union" St., ; S. F.; Ida Clark,
1274 Jackson St., S.F.;, Elsie Story, 1115
Twenty-eighths St., Sacramento; Louis
Friant. 729 Clayton St., S. F.; Hermjne
Boisselier, 511 Waller st., S. F.; Mildred
Curtis, 918 Ellis St., S. F.; C. McClin
tock. 12 Chenery st. S. F. ; Frances
Martin, 1142 Adeline St., Oakland; D.
French, ,31 Eleventh St.. S. F.; Emile
von Haberkorn, 970 Union St.. S. F.; H.
Pes'lon^ 333 Cherry st, S. F.; Walter
Farnlacher, 2701 Sutter 6t, S. F.; Emily
Jyete, 1933 Filbert st, Oakland; Milton
Richardson. 1113 Castro st..' S. F.; Flor
ence Peikes, Baker and Fell sts.. S. F.;
P. J. Maas, KS2 Castvo st, S. F.; Edna
Dannenberg, Palo Alto; Helen Jonas.
THE following is t'.-e list of
names of the 150 prize winners
in the puzzle contest of July 24,
the names of parts of harness,
and from the soeed with which the.
puzzle editor's desk was swamped with
answers the puzzles evidently didn't
cause much trouble. These axe the
¦ .. • .¦ - - ¦ /.- _¦¦ - .
names of the lucky 150:
Kathleen Caler. 3739 Seventeenth at,
S. F.; Sydney Chester, Berkeley; Lena
Tost, Fowler; L. R. Frost. San Jose;
Zena Taylor, Fruitvale; Dudley Frost,
r<J59 Eagle ave., Alameda; Dunlap
Smalley. Haywards; John Barrett, 1208
Hampshire el. S. F.; George Johnson.
212 Leavenworth sti. S. F.; Ada Ken
dall, Corte Madera; Xanoa Walsh,
Stockton; Willie Hastings, Berkeley;
Irene Street, 64 Valley at., S. F.;
Chaiies Street, '64 Valley St.," S. F.;
Hazel French, Stockton; Selma Frez
ier. Sacramento; Gladys Piercy, Mare
"island; Olive Gordon, Jackson; Lester
Vandre. Vallejo; Howard Gee, Vallejo;
E. B. Hussey, Vallejo; Louise Higel.
Vallejo; Evelyn Blossfeldt, 8S0 Church
6l_, S. F-; Edna Sharp. 12 17 Webster St..
Oakland; Kathryn Nelson, 1002 Geary
bl. S. Y. ; Verna Worthington,* Tuol
uinne; Hilda Leake, Pine Grove; Eu
gene Ransom, Halfmoon Bay; Vera
Eaton, • Watsonville; Louise Wreath,
Vallejo; Lucile Lake, Seabright; Fred
These Are
the LucKy
ISO Prize
Winners
in the Puzzle
Contest
of July 24.
THE SAN "FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
16
NAME PUZZLES
Solve the Puzzles,
Fill Out the Coupon
and Send It to
the Puzzle Editor,
Sunday Call, S,F.
To Puzzle Editor. Sunday Call.
San Francisco:
Below hi their proper nom-
bers please find my solution ,cf
the names of dances hi tliis
week's puzzles:
i
! ¦
1
6 .... . ._. . ... . ?•jl^'A • ••••-•JE«-».«»
August 7, 190-1.
/
City •••
K>gSHnBnMHMHHH|
State ••»«•«»••»« ."• » . • . ¦• • • • . •
If I win I choose for prize
(Sec IJst ol Prizes.)
Has; to Say ii^ 1^ 5uBELGIAN GIRLS CARRY OUT ODD SCHEME TO SECURE
HUSBANDS WHEN HOME SUPPLY OF MEN GETS SHORT
Combes Avenged for Scandal.
PARIS, Aug. 6.— By deposing M. T.a
grave from the commissionershfp at St.
Louis and replacing him with Alfred
Picai-d, Prime Minister Combes has
gathered in the first of his victims
marked for official beheading after the
attempt made to connect him with the
Chartreux bribery scandal. Lagrave
v/as brought back from America to
trive testimony against the premier.
sons at once.
to utilize a writing machine in order to
send or receive messages over the tel
ephone.
If the person sought for should not
be at the receiver the machine, left In
contact, will write the message, mov
ing the corresponding keys of the type
writer, as in the sender's machine.
Messages can be sent to several per-
is an instrument by which one Is able
Machine a Mechanical Marvel.
ROME. Aug. 6.— The official bulletin
of the Italian Postofflce Department
gave, in its latest issue, interesting de
tails of the invention of Sigmor Cattani.
which he calls the teledattilograph. It
in corners, and the lovemaking was all
done in the eyes of the sympathetic
village.
As a study of country life it 'was
unique and has attracted attention all
over the world. Letters have been re
ceived from every part 'of the globe
from bachelors regretting that distance
prevents their being present. Lonely
.men in Australia and America, struck
Vlth admiration by the courage of the
girls of Ecaussines, have proposed cor
respondence, but this the -village Mrs.
Grundy refuses to permit. Applica
tions for invitations poured in, and
twenty-five young men wrote a very
reproachful letter at the last minute
that they had been forgotten. Another
group from Grammont submitted not
only names, but occupations that the
girls might choose' before they came,
while they guaranteed that they were
all handsome, kind and possessed of
that, mystic power, "chic*" Italian
lovers wrote sheets of poetry for the
girls and a Frenchman, "au desespolr"
that the fates kept him at home, sent a
very cleverly drawn up litany for
spinsters, in which each line bears the
name of a saint with a rhymed prayer
for matrimonial bliss warranted in
fallible ' J. E. WHITBY.
An open-air ball; closed the proceed
ings. Everything was orderly in the
extreme, there was no going off -to flirt
I Before I left I 'learned ¦ that Ecaus
sines d'Enghien, viewing with dismay
the stream of moneyed visitors that
had all day passed her by, had petitioned
to be admitted to ''next, year's festival,
the girls of the village combining to
give the coffee arid cakes, and the feast
being held alternately in each village.
It is probable; that s in time the whole
affair will lose much? of its delightful
originality ¦arid- sincerity, but as I saw
it, it was simply a rustic festival in
which all took part in serious earnest.
ENDS WITH DANCING.
was sure, welcome and love her daugh;
ter-in-law....
When I could get in a^word I hesi
tatingly tjbld him I was not a candidate
for hymeneal advancement, drawing off
my glove that he should see my wed
ding ring.
Fortunately a diversion occurred' then
in, a welcoming speech to the bachelors
irom the lady, president, made from a
rude platform, in a voice choking with
emotion. It was very cleverly put to
gether, and her thanks for the ready
response of the celibates "to the spin
sters' call for succor" was very amus
ing. An excellent/reply on behalf of
the bachelors was made by the presi
dent of the .Brussels party, who re
minded his hearers that last year's fete
had resulted in fourteen weddings, add
ing "go thcu and 'do likewise." Both he
and the lady president were presented
with bouquets and exchanged the kiss
of friendship, an example so promptly
followed by all the couples that I was
glad .to have lost my young man in the
crowd. * , • ;-*.
A very fat girl with the voice of a
mouse then gave us a love song, and
many ditties on the tender .passion fol
lowed. An amusing incident was the
speech of one of those bachelors who
had been unable to find partners and
.who, bewailing their sad fate, sug
gested that next year the committee
should import enough girls to go
around. With "a bow to the stranger
lady he was even good enough to invite
"the blonde misses of Albion."
It was with much amusement that I
settled down to coffee and my new
conquest. Oddly enbugh, he knew a
few words of English (I suspect he was
employed in some shop), and he gave
me many terribly tortured English
phrases to unravel, but at last he sank
back Into comfortable French. He was
good to say he had noticed me the in
stant he arrived, that he liked some
thing "high class," hazarded tljat I was
perhaps at the head of some business,
or perhaps maid to some lady of title.
He was evidently seriously looking
for a wife, and I grew rather anxious
about the end of the edventure. With
great volubility he pointed out that he
was "joli garcon," taking off hi3 hat
that I might admire his curly locks
and dark eyes; told me that his posi
tion in life was "tres bonne," that he
had economies and was all the time
artfully trying. to resolve that, burning
question for Continental suitors— my
"dot" He told me he had a mother
and that she intended coming with him
that day to look out for him, but was
prevented by illness. She would live
with him after marriage, and would, he
I looked . on with considerable in
terest at this odd fete,' and was rather
amused to' find that, the bachelors
being greatly in excess of the girls,
I was receiving invitations myself to
take coffee with one or another of the
partnerless swains, invitations given
by a whispered "Mdlle?" nudge and a
jerk of. the head in the direction of the
tables. At last a smart young man
from some neighboring country town
advanced with great form, ' and with
much clicking of heels to white can
vas shoes and a flourish of the hat
"begged Madamoiselle to do him the
honor of taking coffee with him."
Realizing all that accepting his invita
tion misht imply, I demurred, but his
insistence, a spice of mischief born of
the holiday feeling, made me change
my mind, and with a smile in my
sleeve at the thought of the husband
left at home I advanced to take my
place with the rest.
It, must be stated that earlier in the
afternoon my hostess had informed me
that my arrival had been viewed with
great disfavor by the girls, who saw a
possible advantage in my town-cut
clothes and the fact that I wore a hat,
which they did not. Being already pro
vided with admirers themselves, how
ever, they could now afford to be gen
erous, and my appearance as a candi
date for coffee and matrimonial honors
was greeted with much applause.
SEEKING A "CHIC" WIPE.
Excitement reached fever heat when
eighteen smart bachelors, all with huge
buttonhole bouquets and headed by a
vivacious president, arrived from
Brussels. There was an awful pause
when 4 o'clock struck, and not one
single young girl could be found with
sufficient courage to go to the office
tables and await a companion. They
emerged shyly from their own doors,
linked arms and, union giving courage,
proceeded to thread the crowd. But
they were deaf to all invitations.
By ten minutes past 4 they were toss
ing their heads like proud society
beauties, showing themselves off with
all the airs and grace of finished co
quettes. They even wound their way
between the tables (whereat every
young man tucked up his collar and
pulled down his waistcoat and pre
pared for a dash), but they would not
take their places. It seems that en
vious rivals of other villages had made
disparaging remarks on the anxiety
of the girls of Ecaussines-Lalaing to
secure husbands, and, as an old crone
on a doorstep mumbled "our girls
must show to-day that they are not
to be picked up in a minute." The
swains were getting more than a little
cross, when, the sacrifice to Mrs.
Grundy having been paid, the girls'
president— the eldest of the party—
gravely took her place at table. An
other and another followed, each leav
ing a vacant seat on either side. There
was a shout from male throats, and in
an instant every Jill had a Jack beside
her, though honesty compels the
acknowledgment, that, . the afternoon
being hot, and many of the men having
come long distances, they seemed at
first far more interested in the coffee
and a peculiar sweet cake made for
the occasion, and known as a "mas
telle," than in sweethearting. The
mastelle looked hard and uninviting,
but local custom allowed of its being
dipped In the cup till it was soft and
sloppy.
Twelve tables for the festival dotted,
in the open air, the small "place" on
the bank of the Sennette. On these
white-cove/ed tables bowls for coffee
were placed. They had no handles,
were wreathed with roses and bore af
fectionate phrases suitable to the oc
casion, as did the many welcoming
arches, some of which bore a design ot
Cupids shooting with bow and arrows;
turtle doves, wedding rings and carrier
pigeons with love letters.
BRUSSELS DELEGATION.
bowler hats. Some even came in auto
mobiles. ';„¦--!
| SCENES AT FAMOUS BELGIAN HUSBAND MARKET.
The rivalry has been made more bit
ter than e\er since Ecaussines-Lalaing
has hit upon an idea which has brought
many matrimonial prizes and much
trade, and has become famous not only
in the general idea, but as having actu
ally succeeded in originating a delight
ful country custom at a time when such
are fast disappearing.
By 2 o'clock each village window
framed the figure of a young girl,
dressed in her Sunday best and looking
cut like sister Anne "for some one com
irg." and singing, perhaps, in her heart
the old song "Is Nobody Coming to
Marry Me?" Invitations by notices,
circulars and newspapers had been
sent out far and wide, and youths re
sponded nobly to the call. From 2
o'clock on young men came In swarms.
They were of all sorts and classes,
from the farm laborer who, clean,
shining and guffawing, arrived in lum
bering carts, and young farmers, with
rakish hats and smart ties, who came
in neat gigs, to the townsmen, who ap
peared by train. In a delightful incon
gruity of attire, having apparently lost
themselves amid the riches of; their
¦wardrobes, when they emerged in
brown or white boots, frock coats or
But Fate and an appetite for the
novel obliged me to steam away from
Brussels by an early morning train a
few days ago, en route for that delect
able spot, where the anniversary of the
first successful venture having arrived,
the experiment was to be repeated, hus
bands being expected on that day to
drop ripe and ready for the hymeneal
altar into the awaiting arms of the
epinsters of Ecaussines.
Ecaussines d'Er.ghien. which is first
reached, is on the spur of a narrow ra
vine whose opposite bank is crowned
with Ecaussines-Lalaing, the two be
ing divided by a streamlet which might
be a river of blood, so effectually does
It separate them. Hence Ecaussines
d'Enghien professed to be entirely ig
norant of the day's festival in its sis
ter village, even though sundry flower
arches spanned its roads. The propri
etor of a small draper's shop, with a
fine nir of indifference, said she had
read something about it in the papers,
but really knew nothing definite.
BITTER RIVALRY.
BRUSSELS, Aug. 6.— When last year
the sixty marriageable. young girls of
EcauFsines-Lalaing, in Belgian Hain
eult, came to the sorrowful conclusion
that their small village could not pro
vide sufficient husbands to go around,
and issued their now famous invitation
to the young men of foreign parts (the
expression, in local parlance, including
the lads from the village over the hill.
as well as those from strange coun
tries), to a "Router" that they might
raake acquaintance, with a possible
view to matrimony, they as little real
ized that their idea would become
Tvorld celebrated as did I that I should
ever be associated with it.
Candidates for
Matrimony
Numerous.
The explanation of this lies in the
fact that for the last twelve months an
American restaurant has been estab
lished in the Strand and American vis-,
itors who lodge at hotels in the vicinity
much prefer getting .their meals there
to partaking of the fare t?»~ A their car
avansaries afford. The complaint of
the hotel proprietors is really a tribute
to the superiority of American cooking
and to the greater variety of American
dishes. It will not be long before some
of their English patrons find this out.
Some of the proprietors will then prob
ably seek to provide a remedy for their
waning receipts by importing Ameri
can chefs and reorganizing their kitch
ens. • vl ¦
AX AMERICAN' RESTAURANT.
Mrs. Lawrence McGuire and her
daughter, together with Charles West
ing of New York, have arrived in Lon
don for the season. They have been
seeing, the sights and enjoying the hos
pitality of a number of the Irish mem
bers of Parliament whom they have
met in the States from time to time.
They were guests of William Redmond,
the brother, of the Irish leader, at the
House of Commons on a recent evening
and enjoyed the much coveted luxury
of tea on the terrace of the Houses of
Parliament. After "doing" London,
they will see the beauties of Derby
shire and the lake district. They will
go to Killarney on their way home.
Proprietors of some of the big hotels
in the vicinity of the Strand are com
plaining that their American guests do
not patronize the hotel dining-rooms.
"For that reason," says one of these
Bonifaces, "we are not so keen on them
as we used to be and much prefer ca
tering to^ the traveling Englishman.
The latter, as a rule, both eat and sleep
at the hotel, but within the last twelve
months it has been especially notice
able that most of the Americans of the
tourist class who put up here merely
engage bedrooms and get their meals
elsewhere. We call them 'one liners,'
because there is never more than one
line on their bills every morning — bed,
six shillings. The popular notion that
American travelers spend their money
much more freely than those of any
other nationality is no longer true.
Man for man we make much more
money out of our English patrons than
out of our visitors from the 'land of
liberty.' "
the: loxdox season*.
ill there for the last week or two. The
Count will leave for New York at the
close of the present month to attend to
some private business matters there,
but he will return almost immediately
to attenti lo his official duties here.
Since Count Ward accepted the posi
tion of Consul General in London for
Roumania, at the urgent request of
Queen Carmen Sylva, he has practical
ly made up his mind to settle perma
nently in England. He has taken a
country residence, Fulwell Park,
among the Surrey hills, and between
there and his favorite hotel he proposes
to divide his time. Fulwell Park would
have been the scene of lavish enter
tainment during the present season
had not the Count's diplomatic respon
sibilities necessitated his almost con
stant attendance in London. For that/
reason he let Fulwell Park for the sea
son to the Dowager Duchess of Man
chester, who has been lying seriously
LONDON. Aug. 6. — In undertaking
the restoration of his latest acquisi
ition, Hever Castle, William Waldorf
Astor is taking particular pains to con
ciliate British ppinion, which is very
sensitive on the subject of American
dollars applied to the remodeling of
historical structures. He has put in
charge of the work F. L. Pearson, a
well-known architect, who is an ardent
devotee of the antique, and has caused
it to be known that he has instructed
him to spare no expense to preserve
the original design as far as possible.
.Furthermore, he has announced his in
tention of adding to it a large deer
park and old-fashioned garden, so that
its surroundings will be in accord with
those that prevailed when it was occu
pied by Anne Boleyn, whom Henry
III married and subsequently behead
ed. Heretofore Mr. Astor's manage
ment of his property in England has
not added to his popularity, which may
in a measure account for the fact that
at Hever he has assumed the role of a
patron and preserver of historic asso
ciations.
LONDON, Aug. 6.— In view of th&
very mixed character of the folk who
occupy the royal inclosure at Aacot this
year it has become a mooted Question
whether in the near future it will not
be considered more fashionable to be
outside rather than inside this spot,
popularly supposed to be sacred to the
social elect. To be sure, th« King and
his immediate satellites were inside,
but so, too, were a varied assortment
of tradespeople, money lenders and so
cial nobodies. And on the outside were
those leaders of fashion who had re
ceived tickets for the inclosure, but who
found that these pasteboards afforded
a cheap and easy means of paying oft
debts and obligations to lots of persons
who need keeping in a good humor.
Permission to enter the royal In
closure at the races is supposed to be
confined to court circles, the members
of which write to Lord Churchill for a
ticket, and it is he who decides wheth
er applicants are of sufficient distinc
tion to be entitled to bask in the sun
shine of the royal presence. What ia
done with these same tickets afterward
is, unfortunately, a matter beyond hi3
control. If it were an exception for a
social "outsider" to get into this
charmed spot the offending court mem
ber responsible for the intruder might
be discovered, but the giving away of
the tickets has now become so general
that to be inside does not at all imply
that one is an "insider" in court cir
cles, and, on the other hand, a place
on the outside by no means indicates
inferiority to those within. The femi
nine aspirant for social honors who has
suceeeded in getting a ticket to the
royal inclosure for the first time is
plunged into misery and distress by the
perplexing problem that confronts her.
If she makes use of her ticket she may
expose herself to the suspicion of hav
ing obtained it by purchase from some
body else and be classified with the
tradespeople and social nobodies who
sail in under false colors. On the other
hand, if she makes no U3e of her ticket
and remains outside she fears it may be
thought that Lord Churchill did not
consider her standing sufficient to en
title her to one. One woman unac
quainted with the strange traffic done
in royal Inclosure tickets was bemoan
ing her failure to obtain one to Mrs.
George Keppel, who enjoys the distinc
tion of being numbered among the
King's particular friends. "Why bother
about a ticket?" exclaimed Mrs. Kep
pel. "I got rid of mine to a tradesman.
and you will find lots of us outside at
Ascot who have done the same thing.**
William Waldorf Astor
Would Win Favor
of Britons.
Royal Inclosure at As
cot Is No Longer •
Fashionable,
REBUILDS
HISTORIC
EDIFICE
TOO MANY
PLEBEIANS
PRESENT
Pages 17 to 20
Pages.l7to20
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, AUGUST 7;v 1904.At the last held session of Olive
Branch chapter five candidates were
Initiated, after which there was a so
cial hour and the serving of a collation.
Starr King Chapter has decided M
have a party In Golden Gate Hall in
the near future.
Mission Chapter at Its last meeting
had work in the initiatory degree. This
chapter has been making remarkable
progress during the last term, and It
proposes to keep up Its record until the
close of the current year.
The grand matron has been visiting
chapters in the southern part of the
State.
Past Grand Matron Mrs. Seymour
was In Berkeley recently, spending her
vacation.
Mr. and Mra. Harry L. Hathaway,
the latter formerly Mrs. Sadie J.
Kahn, secretary of Olive Branch Chap
ter, who were married in the early
part of July, have returned from their
wedding trip and were present at the
last session of the chapter. They have
taken apartments at the Kenilworth,
Order Eastern Star.
One of the most important social
events by a fraternal society recently
given In Sacramento was that by
Califia Parlor in honor of Aileene
Newton, a member of' Metamoras
Council of the Degree of Pocahontas,
vho was elected queen of the Native
Sons' carnival. The members of the
During the latter part of July there
tras a joint public installation of the
officers of Ema Crockett Parlor No
119 of the Native Daughters -Ind
those of Carquinez Parlor Xo "05 at
Crockett. The officers of the former
-were installed by Mrs. H. N. Yates
P. D. G. P., and those of the latter by
Dr. P. c. Campbell of Richmond,
I>. D. G. P. The officers of the
Daughters" parlor are: Mrs T B
Pratt. P. p.; Mrs. Yates, P.; Mrs " T
Marr, Mrs. J. Hehn and Mrs H Ed
wards. V. Ps. Miss Eva Glancy R
h\; Mrs. EL Moiles. F. S.; Mrs B P
Kearny. T.; Miss M. McGlynn. M.; Mrs*.
AlJguire and Miss Muller. trustees-
Miss Arata and Mrs. II. Williams, sen
tinels. The officers of the Sons are-
C. G. Prytz. p. P.; H. l. Jones, P :
Thomas Cagey. E. Horgan and Frank
Harp. V. Pa.; A. T. Ross. F. and R.
S.: D. Denehy. T.; Henry Muller, M •
J. J. Fox, trustees; E. Flood, I. a.; and
George H. Ward. O # . S. The installa
tion was followed by the serving of a
collation and refreshments to the
members and guests, among the latter
being H. V. Alvarado and Mrs. P. e.
Tonney.
Native Daughters.
Reports from 26S of the Iodge3 of the
State for the first half of the year
show an Increase of 725 net.
Yerba Buena and Pacific lodges paid a
fraternal; visit to Oriental Robekah
Lodge last week.
The following named have been in
stalled as the officers of Excelsior De
gree Lodge of the I. O. O. F. for the
current term: C. J. Thelen, degree mas
ter; M. H. Ludlow, deputy degree mas-
Oriental Rebekah Lodge had an en
tertainment in Its hall on the night of
August 3. '
The last of the installations for the
present term in the Rebekahs of this
city was held on the fourth Friday in
July, when the officers of Mission Re
bekah Lodge No. 225 were installed in
public in Excelsior Hall by District
Deputy Mrs. J. L. Baker, assisted by
her very efficient staff. The hall was
very prettily decorated and il Was
crowded by members of the lodge,
members of the order and many
friends. • The work was letter perfect
and was loudly applauded. To use the
expression of one who haa attended all
the installations of the season, "it was
one of the prettiest of the lot." After
the ceremony Mrs. Edith Hextrom
Badley, the retiring noble grand, was
presented a handsome embroidered
collar, and Emma Arrison, the retiring
past noble grand, was presented a dia
mond-set jewel. Then there were flow
ers for the outgoing and incoming offi
cers and the district deputy.
Odd Fellowship.
The following have been raised
up as the chiefs of Mohican Council of
the degree of Pocahontas: Lorena
O'Neal, Pocahontas; Lillie Harrison,
Wenonah; Kate Yaw, prophetess; Rob
ert C. Dunbar, Powhattan; Clara.No
ble, keeper of records; Mary Richards,
keeper of wampum; Annie E. Massen,
collector of wampum; Loletta Green,
first scout; Nettle Zane, second scout;
Kate Collin3 e first runner; Annie Foote,
second runner; Annie Tait, first coun
selor; Annie Wren, second counselor;
James O'Neal/first warrior; Edward
Green, second warrior; William Geibel,
mann has been appointed chairman of
a committee that is to arrange for a
picnic In 1905. The tribe is also laying
the foundation for the formation of a
new council of the Degree of Pocahon
tas that will be known as Calumet
Council. The tribe is but seven months
old and has already more than $1000 in
its treasury. • >' ; rv :
At the session of Onelda Council on
the last Thursday in July the members
of that subordinate expressed regret
that Mrs. Ida E. Wheeler, who for
three great suns was\its deputy, had
decided to withdraw. In token of its
appreciation of the. faithful work that
she during that time did for the coun
cil there was an address to her and
then the presentation of a set of silver
teaspoons. Miss Lillie Unger. the past
•Pocahontas of this council, who recent
ly assumed the station of the prophet
ess, is an energetic member who has
done much to bring the circle into the
front rank and who is ever ready to
work for its advancement.
Liberty Ledge, since It has moved into
its new quarters in the Pioneer build
ing, is doing better than it has done for
a long time. It had five initiations
at its last session. At the last meet
ing of Polar Star Lodge the officers
for the current term were installed by
R, A. A. Summers, D. D. G. D. Those
of Liberty Lodge w^re Installed by
Thomas Leonard, D. D. G. X D. •
The next open meeting -of the Past
Dictators' Association will be given In
the social hall of the Alcazar building
on the night of August 29, when a fine
programme will .be presented.
Grand Dictator Archibald, assisted by
his staff of grand officers, has installed
the officers of Germania and Norman
lodges.. Those for -Norman Lodge are:
J. A. Berliner, past dictator; H. N.
.The officers of Polar Star Lodge will
be installed on the night of the first
meeting in August. This lodge has
several candidates to initiate.
Saxon Lodge will initiate nine candi
dates in August. This lodge has sev
eral applications in the hands of com
mittees on investigation.
Under the auspices of the Past Dic
tators' Association of the Knights of
Honor a ladies' auxiliary to the K. of
H. has been organized with Mrs. B. E.
George as president, and Miss Warn
holz as secretary. The purpose of the
organization is to assist the several
lodges of this city to carry on social
functions. Mesdames C. E. Atwater,
N. H. Hirshfeld, Charles Lamp and M.
L. Crowell were appointed a committee
to prepare a plan to be submitted _at
a future meeting.
Knights of Honor.
SOME OF THE LEADERS
OF SAN FRANCISCO
FRATERNITIES.
Since the new team of Calumet Tribe
has been at work adopting palefaces
on its own account it has conferred the
degree in excellent form on thirty-four
palefaces. The. team, under the direc
tion of Sachem J. D. Ralph, is getting
ready to .confer the warrior's and
chief's degrees. This tribe has secured
one of the largest halls in the Red
Men's new building on^ Golden Gate
avenue and will occupy the same- as
soon as ready. Dr. Charles M. Trbpp-
It is estimated that there will be 420
representatives at the Great Council of
the Improved Order of Red Men that
will meet In this city next week— the
largest council that has ever met In
this reservation.
Anona Council of Petaluma carried
off the first prize for the best float in
the Fourth of July procession in that
city. The members were assisted by
Petaluma Tribe, sixteen of whom were
attired in Indian garb and, riding po
nies, acted as escort to the float.
George E. Wheeler presided at a
meeting last week for the purpose of
instituting a new tribe in this city.
Walla Walla Tribe of the Improved
Order of Red Men on the last Tuesday
in July entertained a large number of
the friends of the members in Frank
lin Hall with a pleasing programme of
vaudeville numbers and of modern
dances. This tribe is one of the frater
nal subordinatts that is noted in the
Western Addition for the excellence of
its social functions, and the one last
given was one of which the committee
that arranged it can feel proud: Those
who were on the committee wer<?: A. L.
Riley, W. L. Lambn, J. Lang, M. May
fort and M. A. McNear. ' Those who
contributed to the programme of enter
tainment were: Professor Williams,
Jewell and Loraine Allen, the Occiden
tal Quartet, Frank Pohl, Ora Harris
and Arnold Grazer.
Improved Red Men.
third warrior; S. Richards, fourth war
rior. After the raising up, Mattie Hill,
the retiring prophetess, was presented
with a handsome gold badge of her
rank in the order In recognition of her
services. On the evening of the fourth
Thursday in July the members of this
council had an . open tepee and there
was a pleasing programme of enter
tainment under the direction of Mes
dames Tate, Hill, Green and Richards
and William Gelbel.
At a recent meeting of Tecumseh
Tribe, Oakland, Harry W. Clark, the
retiring sachem, was presented with a
fine gold watch in appreciation of his
services during the term. A feast of
corn and venison and long and short
talks followed the presentation.
preciation of his worth. The new offi
cers then conferred the first deirree on
twelve candidates in a most creditable
manner. M. H. Ludlow, who was in
stalled as deputy degree master, has
of late been making remarkable prog
ress in the order. He is an unostenta
tious individual, but his case 13 one
that shows that merit wins. He has.
by his course In the lodge and other
branches manifested that he is a thor
ough Odd Fellow, in act as well as
spirit, and his zeal for the order and
his ability have in a short time brought
him to the front in the several branches
of Odd Fellowship.
Giordano Bruno Grove of Siskiyou
lost all its property by a recent fire.
It has ordered new paraphernalia and
books and will hereafter meet in the
Odd Fellows' Hall.
During the session of the Grand
Grove in Santa Cruz recently Grand
Treasurer F. J. Horn, who was re
elected to that position for the fifth
time, was presented by the delegates a
beautiful gold badge, emblematic of
the order and the office he fills In it.
It is a costly ornament and a fit recog
nition of the faithful services of the
officer.
Noble Grand Arch Charles de Legh
paid an official visit last Friday, to
Golden Star Grove, being accompanied
by Grand Secretary Martinoni and a
number of the grand officers. Upon
this, his first official visit, he was
greeted with nine candidates, who
were initiated into the novate's degree.
After the work there was an address
by the head of the order, one by the
grand secretary and then an adjourn
ment to a restaurant, where a first
class Italian supper v/as served.' Dr.
T. W. B. Leland, noble arch of the
grove, presided as toastmaster. Dur
ing the evening the noble grand arch
was presented with a large wreath of
flowers tied with a ribbon bow, with
long streamers having on them in gold
letters the greetings of the grove.
There were many speeches for the
good of the order.
McKinley Grove has appointed
Messrs. Thornton. Coburn, Mansen,
Petersen, Drews, O'Connor and Bowie
a committee to arrange for a grand re
ception to be tendered the noble grand
arch on the 15th of September on the
occasion of his official visit.
Grand Treasurer F. J. Horn has been
confined to his home for some time
by a severe attack of illness.
Rome Grove at a recent session In
Oakland initiated seventeen strangers
who had filed applications to become
members of the United Ancient Order
of Druids. Five petitions were pre
sented.
Hesperian Grove at a recent meeting:
added three to its membership by Ini
tiation.
The Druids.
Emma Ralph of Keith Parlor, D. D.
G. P., assisted by Mrs. Susie Christ of
Yosemite Parlor, Grand Trustee Anna
F. Lacy of Las LomaS Parlor and Mil
lie Tietjen* of Golden State Parlor, in
stalled the following named as the of
ficers of Las Lomas Parlor for the cur
rent term: Rose Smith, past president;
Lillle Kern, president; May Lacy, Em
ma Schofleld and Therese Melbourne,
vice presidents; Jessie Harp, marshal;
Marion Lay ton, recording, and Julia
Moller, financial secretary; Mary Wa
ters, treasurer; Nana Abrahamson and
Miss Mauldin, sentinels; Mrs. Watson,
Mrs. Kernan and Miss J. Drew, trus
tees. Under good for the order there
were short addresses by the installing
officers, Dr. Louise B. Deal, Miss Green,;
Miss Band, Miss Kern and the Misses
Fahrenkrug:. Then followed a social
chat and the serving of refreshments.
ence Temple of Keith Parlor, who, dur
ing her remarks, paid a very pretty
compliment to Miss Edwards, the in
stalling officer. After extolling the
most admirable manner in which she
did the work, she said: "Miss Edwards
is dearly loved by all who know her,
and those who do not love her are
those who do not know her." There
were also addresses by Mrs. Bradley,
Mrs. Edwards of Callfla Parlor, Mrs.
Cooper of Santa Cruz Parlor, Grand
Inside Sentinel Agnes McVerry and an
address on "Fraternity" by Ernest C.
Stock, by special request. After the
speeches there was a presentation of
a beautiful diamond solitaire ring to
Dolly B. Johnson, the retiring past
president, a beautiful crystal bonbon
dish to Miss McVerry, also flowers to
her and flowers to the installing officer
and to the grand secretary. A dainty
collation and ice cream was then served
U» the many who were present and who
expressed themselves as pleased be
cause they were at one of the most
bautiful installations they ever at
tended.
The officers of Calaveras Parlor of
the Native Daughters in San Francisco
were installed last week for the cur
rent term by District Deputy Grand
President Frances M. Edwards, assisted
by Past Grand President Belle W. Con
rad, Mollie B. Johnson and Mary B.
Tillman and Grand Secretary Laura J.
Frakes. The officers Installed are: So
phie C. Struss, past president; Alicia
A. Nunan, president; Alice A. Vice,
Lucy M. Reincke and Tillie Leeman,
vice presidents; Tillie Schimpff,'mar
shal; Leah Wrede, recording secretary
(re-elected); Jennie A. Ohlerich, finan
cial secretary: Eleanor W. Garms,
treasurer (re-elected) ; Ardie Wrede and
Mary J. Spellman, sentinels; , Sophie
Grisingher organist (re-elected); Grace
Fleck, Henrietta Ohleme and Eleanor
Brickwedel, trustees, and Dr. Mary
Kroetz, physician. The Installation was
followed by addresses by Past Presi
dents Conrad, Tillman and Johnson,
District Deputy Grand Presidents
Frances M. Edwards, Luqia Neubarth
and Emma Ralph, and Dr. Amy Flor-
The following named have been in
stalled as the officers of Piedmont Par
lor: V. Pacheco, P. P.; A. Bock, P.; J.
Jordan, L. Naegle and Annie Siegler,
V. Ps.; B. J. Wood, R. S.; G. Biber, F.
S.; A. Ar. juge, T.; C. Engelhardt, ML';
M. James, I. S.; R. Siegler O. S., and
Jennie E. Brown, O.; Mrs. Fern, Mrs.
Mosher and Mrs. Sewell, trustees.
The following named officers were
installed for Aloha Parlor for the cur
rent term: Rosalie Wl.eeler, P. P.;
Jennie Johnson, P.;.Gussie Alexander.
Louise Wychoff, Libbie Rooney, V. Ps.;
Dora Brunye, O; Sara G. Sanborn, R.
S.; Frances Purcell, F. S.; Alice Dan
forth, M.; Carrie Land Regen, I. S.;
M. Finnigan, O. S.; Tillie Spear*, Min
nievTaber and Nellie Prosser, trustees.
The same night, at the same place, the
officers of Oakland Parlor, N. S. C.
W., jwere Installed. After the installa
tions the membership of the two par
lors and their friends enjoyed progres
sive whist and then dancing. Between
dances there was a piano recital by
Margaret Kane, fancy dance by Miss
Margaret Grand, "Her first call on the
butcher," a monologue, by Miss Edith
King and a vocal solo by Miss Laura
Coburn.
The drill team of La Vespero Parlor,
known as Company A. First Regiment,
N. D. G. W., under command of Captain
Mae O'Connor and Lieutenants Mrs.
Noneman and Miss McDonough, { at
tracted a great deal of attention when
it appeared in an exhibition drill at Na
tive Sons* Hall on the n>ght of the en
tertainment and ball given by the N. S.
L. and S. committee. The members of
the team wore a neat dark uniform
with jaunty Tommy Atkins cap of the
same hue. The "little captain," as she
is called, was perfectly at home, giving
her commands In a sharp, clear voice
and the members of the team gave a
creditable drill.
The members of the parlor ar
ranged the hall in a manner befitting
the occasion. There was a back
ground of tule interwoven with aspar
agus fern and an orchestra was hid
den behind a bank of evergreens. On
the afternoon of the appointed day
the cueen and maids of honor were
royally received and there was a de
lightful programme of entertainment
and the dispensation of hospitality by
the members of the parlor. All
through it was a beautiful affair, that
was most successfully carried out by
President Miss Larkin, assisted by
Mesdames do Coe and Gett and Misses
M. Wise. A. Montfort, Edna Menken.
L. Turner. M. Jordan. B. Ward. Bes
sie Urquhart and Hazel D. Scott.
The officers of Amapola Parlor of
Sutter Creek, the home parlor of the
grand secretary, were recently in
stalled by Rosa Podesta, D. D. G. P., in
the presence of twenty-one members
and five visitors. That night there was
an initiation and then a "floral pro
gramme of entertainment," a luncheon
and* a good time until a late hour. Ida
1J. Herman, the genial secretary, writes
that the greeting of the grand secre
tary to the subordinate parlors was
read and loudly applauded by the
members.
parlor paid a visit of ceremony to the
queen and through Miss Florence
Larkin, the president, presented to
her a bouquet of pure white carnations.
In which was concealed a note bearing
the following words:
"To Queen Aneene I.: Califia Par
lor of Native Daughters, desiring to
show respect for and loyalty to their
Queen of the Carnival, do hereby ten
der a reception to her Majesty in Odd
Fellows' Temple. The presence of
Queen Aileene I and her court is re
spectfully requested. Loyally yours,
"FLORENCE LARKIN."
"President Califia Parlor."
District Deputy Grand Protector
Emma Quitzow installed the officers of
West End Lodge, being assisted by the
grand officers. There were many mem
bers of the order present. The officers
are: Mrs. E. G. Richie, P.* j j
Downey. V. P.; Mary Clark. C; Mari
etta Whitten. G.; Flora Glover, guar
d.an; M. Levy, sentinel. Under good
lor the order there were addresses by
all the grand officers and then a sup
ijerta a cafe for the members and.vis-
The officers of Oakland Lodge were
installed by Marie Hahn. D. D. G. P..
assisted by Grand Protector Frances j.'
Williams and other grand officers, for
the current term: T. J. Mecklessel, P.
P.; Mary E. Wells, P.; Mathilda Geh
nng, V. P.; Catherine Edwards, chap
lain; L. G. Wolfe. G.; Anna Norton. S.
The ceremony was followed by a colla
tion, at which the installing officer, the
grand protector. Grand Secretary Quit
zow, State Organizer Mrs. Quitzow,
Grand Chaplain Mrs. Nussbaum, An
toinette Graff, Mrs. Luton and others
Epoke for the good of the order.
The officers of Bay City and Mag
nolia lodges of the Knights and Ladies
«jf Honor have been installed by
Past Grand Protector L. G. Wolfe,
P- G. P., assisted by a number
of the grand officers. Those for
Bay City Lodge who are to
serve for the current term are: H. W.
Quitzow, protector; D. Read, vice pro
tector; Mrs. A. J. Smith, chaplain; Mrs.
X. Cohen, guide; N. Norris, guardian;
Mrs. A. E. Edwards, sentinel. Those
for Magnolia Lodge are: J. J. Hicks,
P. P.; Ellen Fitzgerald, P.; J. P. Dock
ery, V. P.; J. j. Hicks, R. and F. S.;
Nellie Dockery, guide; P. J. Joyce,
puardian. The ceremony of initiation
was followed by a banquet, at which, in
addition to the membership of both
lodges, there were present: Grand
Protector Frances J. Williams; L. G.
"Wolfe, P. G. P.; Jennie Nussbaum, G.
C; Jennie Dinklage, G. G.; Ellen Fitz
gerald, P. G. C; Nellie Dockery, P. G.
C. ; Emma Quitzow, P. G. P.; P. J.
Joyce, P. G. P.; Dorris J. Kaplan, P. G.
P.; Marietta Whitten, P. G. P.; H. W.
Quitzow, G. S.; H. Luton and C. Smith
of Aurora Lodge; S. Hyams, P. G. P.;
Max Gehlen of Tusweld Lodge of New
York, and Ethel G. Ritchie, past pro
tector of West End Lodge. After the
supper there were addresses.
The local lodges of this order have
arranged for a gala day at the Chutes
September 2L
The officers of Aurora Lodge of the
Knights and Ladies of Honor were in
stalled last week by Past Grand Pro
tectress Doris J. Kaplan, assisted by
the grand officers of the order in Union
Square Hall. The new officers are Lou
ise F. BIgler. protector; Mrs. Sundberg,
•vice protector; W. B. Faulkner, record
ing, and Lizzie J. Rapp, financial sec-
Yetary; Dr. Hannah, treasurer; M. P.
guide; Mrs. Wetson, guardian,
and Carrie Blackmore, sentinel. After
the installation there were short ad
dresses by the installing officer, Grand
Protector Frances J. Williams, Past
Protectors L. G. "Wolfe and Z.
T. Whitten. Grand Secretary H. W.
Quitzow, Grand Organizer Mrs. Emma
Quitzow and many others.
Golden Gate Camp No. 64, Woodmen
of the World, Is holding Sunday morn-
Ing meetings for the purpose of making
arrangements TSr the campaign, which
is being organized by State Organizer
Gllroy, assisted by General Organizer
Krumm.
California Circle of the Women of
Woodcraft will give a grand social in
the banquet hall of the Native Sons'
building on the night of August 23. The
social functions of this circle in the
past have always been most pleasant
affairs, and this, It is asserted by the
committee, will surpass anything here
tofore given In the' name of the circle.
Mrs. Mollle Kaufman, past guardian
neighbor of Golden Gate Circle, is one
of the few fraternal women who,
having entered the grand army of "the
have been" does not rest upon past
honors, but. continues to work for the
order and her circle at all times. For
this she was highly complimented at a
recent meeting.
A barn party and an old-time candy
pull was given on the last Thursday in
July by the members of Haven Circle
of the Women of "Woodcraft In the res
idence of Guardian Neighbor Frankie
Nicholson, 194 Guerrero street, In aid of
a fund to procure a sword for Cecelia
Melbourne, captain of the guards. In
addition to the candy pulling, there
was a programme of music, singing and
dancing. This circle has the promise of
a number of novel entertainments dur
ing the next few months. It has of late
been making a rapid Increase in mem
bership.
Woodmen of the World.
ter; John Edwards, secretary, and S.
R. Morse, treasurer. After the installa
tion there was the selection of the ap
pointive officers and the presentation
of a magnificent clock to W. B. Curtis,
the retiring master, by H. W. Osthoff,
on behalf of the members of the lodsre.
who in that manner showed their ax>-
Hirshfeld, dictator; Joseph Morris, vice
dictator; J. Brock, assistant dictator;
J. Maas, chaplain; F. Wllkins, guide;
J. Gano, reporter; P. J. Joyce, financial
reporter; H. Monah, guardian; A. S«
ligr. sentinel; D. Davis, J. Maas and F.
Wilkins, trustees. Those of Germanla
Lodge are: B. Mangels. P. D.;"j. Kra
mer, D.; G. Graff, V. D.; J. Wrede, A.
D.; I*, Felling. R.; C. Lackmann. F.
R.; J. G. Ulrich, C; R. Thiemann. G.;
J. Kaster, I. G.; W. Stein. S.; Theodore
Dierks, B. Mangels and C- Kruackel,
trustees.
The grand dictator and Grand Re
porter Johnstone attended the session
of the lodge In Salinas last week and
assisted at the initiation of a class of
six candidates, also at the Installation,
of the officers for the current term.
This was followed by an excellent ban
quet and speeches.
The officers of Yerba Buena Lodge will
be installed August S and in the even
ing the lodge will enjoy an installation
banquet.
THE SAN FRANCISCO* CALL, SUNDAY; AUGUST 7, 1904.
18
ECHOES FROM THE LODGE ROOMLONDON, Aug. 6.— Word deafness
and word blindness are two remarkable
defects which are dealt with In the an
nual report to the L. C. C. of the medi
cal officer of the late School Board for
London.
The need for special schools for de
fective children, where speech of as
normal a kind as possible is taught and
clear articulation insisted, on. are
clearly^ shown by the following remark
able statements:
"To a considerable number of chil
dren reading and writing beyond the
most rudimentary attempts seem al-
impossible of acquirement. Many
of .these have marked mental feeble
ness; others seem scarcely amiss in
many respects.
"The want of literary ability is prob
ably more general than is supposed.
There are many cases of inability to
recognize words or to spell anything
like the words,, dictated, while at the
same time the \child . has fair to good
faculties in other respects, such as
mental arithmetic."
Some typical cases are given. Tke
London School Board Physician Dis
covers Many Cases of Strange
Mental Feebleness.
REMARKABLE DEFECTS POUND
IN SOME ENGLISH CHILDREN
De Pachmann, dubbed wittily "the
Chopinzee" for his combination of
magnificent Chopin and gesture, has
been thus ably defended from the
charge of doing nothing else by the
critic of the St. James Gazette of Lon
don.
"It struck me, at Bechsteln Hall on
Saturday, afternoon, that Mr. de Pach
mann has been somewhat unjustly
saddled with the reputation, among the
concert-going public, of being ex
clusively, a Chopin player. In so. doing
people- omit to do full Justice to the
thorough musicianship of Mr. de Pach
mapq in respect to a much -wider range
* Fannie Franclsca — Michelson by
birth, "Franclsca" by quaint honoring
of her native town— will shortly make
her appearance here in concert. .. Great
things one hears of Miss Franclsca,
triumphs in the critical centers, Berlin
and Vienna, in which latter city she
was recently decorated by R-r-royalty
for the pleasure afforded Its royal ear
by her "superb singing." In September
Miss Francisca comes, and her pro
grammes will include scenes . from
"Manon," "Hamlet," . "Pagliacci,"
"Herodiade" and ."Romeo and Juliet."
A feature of especial interest in the
production of "Salammbo." in which
Frederick Warde and Kathryn Kidder
wilt'' star this season, will be the in
cidental music, composed by Henry K.
Hadley. Mr. Hadley is among, the
most cultured and original of Ameri
can composers and win undoubtedly
take full advantage of the magnificent
cqlor and movement of Flaubert's im
perial s^ory.
INCIDENT Ali MUSIC A
FEATURE OF INTEREST
IN NEW PRODUCTION
BILLS AT THE LOCAL
PLAYHOUSES HOLD
PLENTY OP PROMISE
"She knows no" language but English,
yet she gave with absolute accuracy
the titles of various Princes and func
tionaries about the court— titles which,
so far as I know, have only appeared
in a book which never has been trans
lated into Enjlisb." -,
"The girl," says Mrs. Campbell
Praed, "was Nyria, and the story is
Nyria's, not mine. I could not have
invented it, could not have supplied
the detail and local color, which ex
perts pronounce perfect. *
By chance during one of these
dreams the conversation turned on old
Rome; and the girl, sinking back in
the chair, with her eyes closed, told an
amazing tale about experiences in a
former existence.
Another novelist, Mrs. Campbell
Praed, is also puzzling the occultists
by averring that her latest novel,
"Nyrla," Is a revelation of a" young un
married woman who remembers her
previous existence, near 2000 years ago.
as a martyr under Domltlan. Sitting
together in a hotel In a foreign coun
try, Mrs. Praed held the girl's hand.
Then the girl would go into a sort of
dream existence. She assumed a differ
ent identity, and spoke of scenes and
events of which she had not the slight
est recollection when she returned to
normal consciousness.
The next night the dog was missed.
Four days later it was discovered In a
river a mile away. It evidently had
been killed by a train on a railway
bridge. Other evidence shows that it
was killed at exactly the hour of his
nightmare. Rider Haggard does not
attempt to explain the phenomenon,
which Is being considered by the So
ciety for Psychical Research.
LONDON, Aug. 6.— Rider Haggard,
the novelist, has raised the interesting
question of telepathic communication
between men and"< v anlmals In a long
letter to the Times. He describes how
on the night of July 9 his wife roused
him from a nightmare, a dream that
a black retriever dog belonging to his
eldest daughter was lying dead In wa
ter beside some brushwood. The doff
was trying to speak to him, and, fail
ing, transmitted to his mind in some
undefined fashion it was dying.
Novelist Declares That Some Canines
Possess the Facnulty of Communi
cating With Their Masters.
RIDER HAGGARD DISCUSSES
MENTAL 3IAKE-UP OP DOGS
The chief event of the week dramatic
will be the American premiere of
"Joseph Entangled." the latest comedy
of the distinguished English dramatist,
Henry Arthur Jones, that will be pre
sented at the Columbia Theater to
morrow evening by Henry Miller and
his company.
• • ¦-••;- '!';'; ~\'~
Brighter with every performance
grows the Tivoli's all-star performance
of "The Toreador." With the Judicious
cutting that has been done the piece
has developed into one of the prettiest
The Alcazar ' returns this week to
comedy with "Sheridan" or the "Maid
of Bath" for bill, to be produced for
thejlrst time here. White Whittlesey
will appear in the title role.
• • * - ."¦*•
Hoyt's "A Bunch of Keys" will be
put on at the Central this week and
will, as always, gladden its hundreds.
• • •
At the Grand Opera-house this after
noon James Neill and his company will
begin a week of "A Parisian Romance."
always a favorite with the Neill fol
lowing
•'.," • • •
The California tramp/Elmer Wal
ters, will become a millionaire at this
afternoon's matinee in "A Millionaire
Tramp." The engagement Is proving
very popular.
"The Whirl of -the Town" begins its
second week to-morrow at Fischer's.
ora Bayes is again to the fore with a
good song, "Mdlle. New York."
¦ . * - •
The Five Madcaps, who d meed them
selves Into favor here a season or so
ago, and Charles * Guye; and ' Nellie
O'Neill, 'eccentric dano/rs from the
"San Toy," one of the Daly operas
that has made several attempts to get
here, is booked for an early appearance.
The opera, has all of the elements es
sential to success, is tuneful, witty,
clean and original and gives besides
almost unlimited scope for handsome
pictorial embellishment. This season's
"San Toy" is being presented under the
direction of John C. Fisher, with James
T. Powers in the role he originated in
this country, as well as others who were
prominently identified with the play
during Its first American season.
* * •
Following '/Resurrection," which
Blanche Walsh will present the early
part of the coming season, she will ap
pear in a new play by Clyde • Fitch.
Her managers, Messrs. Wagenhals and
Kemper, have -also procured for her
the new play by Richepln and Henri
Cain which Madame Bernhardt is to
produce in' Paris in the near future.
• • •.'??
Ignatio Martlnettl, who Will have the
leading comedy role In ."Babes in Toy
land" this season, is a lineal descend
ant of the Martinettl family of panto
mimistB. They toured this country for
many years before and after wartime
in conjunction 'with the 'famous Ravel
troupe. Besides being an accomplished
pantomlst Mr. Martinettl is an exceed
ingly versatile comedian. Perhaps his
best hit was as Zeu-Zou in J'Trllby,"
with the memorable exclamation, Oh,
. Frederick Warde • declares that his
forthcoming tour with Wagenhals and
I-^nper's- spectacular production of
"SAlammbo," in which he will be asso
ciated with jMiss Ka.thryn Kidder, will
be" his farewell to : the regular stage.
This will not mean^that he is_to retire
from, public} li/e,. ho weyer. as he is to
adopt the lecture platform with Shake-
Marie Welsh, the Nellie of Henry W.
Savage's Prince of Pilsen" company
that will tour the United States, has a
repertoire of twenty-seven operas. She
left the Tivoli Theater, San Francisco,
to Join Mr. Savage's forces.
-• • •
On August 22 at the Garrick Theater,
New York, Rich and Harris will pro
duce a new farce by Leo Ditrichstein
called "Military Mad." The cast will
Include the author, Thomas A. Wise,
Ida Conquest and Henry V. Donnelly.
• • •
Henry Ainley, leading man far Miss
Maude Adams last season, and Suzanne
Sheldon sailed last week for Loridop
to join Charles Frohman's Duke of
York's Theater company.
• • •¦ ''-¦ - • ¦
ACTOR FOLK ARE ALL
PREPARING FOR THE
WINTER'S HARD WORK
famous "Babes in Toyland," will be
among the Orpheum stars.
Leslie's trained pigs are starring at
the Chutes this week.
Madam Kirkby Lunn, who has been
engaged by Henry W. Savage to create
the role of Kundry in the first produc
tion of "Parsifal" in English, has been
a feature of the performances of the
"Ring .of the Nibelung," given at the
Royal Opera-house, Covent Garden, in
London, this summer under the direc
tion of Hans Richter. Madam Lunn
sang the role of Erda in "Das Rhein
gold" and In "Siegfried," and was also
heard as Ortrud in "Lohengrin." Bran
gaene in "Tristan and Isolde" and
Amneris in "Aida." Madam Lunn was
born In Manchester, England, and
studied at the Royal College of Music
in London, where, she gained the na
tional scholarship. In addition to being
one of the leading concert and oratorio
singers in England, she'~has also won
success as an interpreter of Wagnerian
roles at Covent Garden, London, and at
the Metropolitan Opera-house in New
York. Madam Lunn has already sung
the role of Kundry on the concert
stage, and she will attend tlje perform
ance of "Parsifal" at Bayreuth thi3
summer to perfect herself in the part.
than that afforded by a single com
poser. Certainly will I admit that he
is able to throw himself heart and soul
into the interpretation of those won
derful piano romances which Chopin
has given us, but he is equally able to
identify himself with the spirit of the
other great masters of musical compo
sition. * For Instance, his rendering of
Bach and Mozart at Saturday's recital
was so admirable and appreciative that
I cannot think of any executant in Eu
rope who could have given more intel
ligent and spirited reading of the pieces
selected."
The following stars appear under
Charles Frohman's management this
season: Ellen Terry, Julia Marlowe.
Maude Adams, Mrs.- Patrick Camp
bell, Annie Russell, Ethel Barrymore,
Ellaline Terriss, Mrs. Gilbert, Mrs.
Bloodgood, Marie Tempest, Virginia
Harned, Fay Davis, Irene Vanbrugh,
Edna May, John Drew, E. H. Sothern.
¦William Gillette, John Hare. Francis
Wilson, William Crane, WilliamJFaver
sham, Henry Miller, Weedon Gros
pmith, William Collier, Sam Bernard,
Seymour Hicks and Henry Irving.
Arthur Dunn, the comedian star of
"The Runaways," who measures a lit
tle more than four feet, was recently
asked why he is so small. He remarked:
"Well, I will tell you. I got' married
recently and settled down."
William Lamp, the young gentleman
whose beauty made so lasting impres
sion at the Alcazar awhile ago, will
play the role of Tilford .Wheeler, the
young lover, in the Western "County
Chairman" company this season.
speare "and the other great dramatic
classics as his theme.
DOROTHY MORTON, SOUBRETTE, WHO IS SOMETHING OF A RACONTEUSE.
following lines were dictated to a boy
who can do any ordinary arithmetic,
but is totally word blind: "The drinfc3
were ale and mead, drinks which were
made in dark English forests with fer
mented honey."
The boy wrote as follows: "la hase
us erans and krsut erans was locts
boath in hast Enitsh louss Ins harest
lacnt." Three years later, when earn
ing 18 shillings a week, this boy cor
rectly wrote in arable figures the sum
of £583,121 2s ll%d from dictation.
When asked to write the sum in words
he wrote:
"Soed oein dnuted edhoth snita ane
rount," and signed his name, "Ted
Smith."
Another reads, "It has three birds In
it" as "To see — best into." He mistakes
the letters C and S constantly. He
quickly and correctly does difficult
sums in mental arithmetic, and can de
scribe with great minuteness any scene
he has witnessed; hsl memory is only
bad for word symbols. His intellectual
processes are carried on entirely in pic
tures, and the visual word center seems
entirely' wanting.
Another boy, who does his . school
work well and can draw,. Is "letter
blind" and cannot tell a single letter In
his name. *
A fourth has a wonderful faculty of
observation and excellent reasoning
powers, but cannot remember how to
make the signs 1, p, 7 and 9.
Russell and Alice Neilsen.
"She's doing splendidly in Italy.
Her Marguerite — I heard her in Na
ples — was lovely. She's a brick, is
Alice. So pretty and slim and grace
ful, loo."
'It was after this that she told me
of Carre and the "Lakme"; how one
day she had gone to the Opera
Comique I rr Paris, paid for a five-franc
seat and been shown to a box; how
afterward she had gone to Mme. Sa
rah Duff's to have her voice tried and
Carre had burst open the door of the
room with an offer to her to sing
Lakme; but how, relatively, $25 a
fteek at Fisher's is better than %2 a
week there.' Again, that grand opera
disappointments broke a good many
hearts. That she didn't want hers
broken. Her story of Mary Garden,
Mme. Duff's star pupil, who one day
on the failure (through illness) of
Renauld in the part of Louise, in
Messager's opera of the name, walked
on the stage from the audience in
street gpwn and sang the second act,
was fascinating. So successful was
Misa Garden that she has since been
brilliantly identified with the role.
"She's as thin as this," Miss Morton
put it, picking up the butter knife,
"and without much volume of voice.
But how she sings and acts! I think
she's the greatest living artist to-day,
as great an actress as Bernhardt."
Misa Morton's reminiscences of
London, where she has recently been
singing in the immortal "Florodora,"
gladden some. The Lord Mayor's lit
tle red cap tickles her sense of fun. She
claims, too, only one Duke in her re
tinue, the Duke of Cambridge, -'who
wpuld run errands for me."
"Have you ever heard of— Kolb
and Dill?" I ask her finally.
"Do I ever, ever, ever hear of any
one else — only Maude Amber?" Miss
Morton helplessly-feplled.
' I tell the tale as 'twas told to me. I
wouldn't — if I could — venture to di
vorce the Morton fancy from the stern
.fact. Why should I? Why should
she? Dorothy Morton is a too accom
•
.plished raconteuse to spoil a good
etory with an impertinent fact. She
"warned me. Thus she warned me. with
.-a lift of her superbly arched eyebrows
• and a down dropping of heavy lids over
•- amused eyes:
'. '"iir. Conger! Mr. Conger! Freddy!"
Mr. Conger, iliss Morton's husband
.ar.d more, answered to the last and
came into the dining-room, where his
. wife ar.d I were seated. He stopped
"U the sideboard on his way, and then
• came hospitably to the tea table. I am
'obliged to confess that it took only a
' moment for Mr. Conger to "size me
up." He looked me over, and then
¦ asked his wife if she had told me the
,'¦ story of how her fox terrier had jump
ed overboard in the Atlantic last sum
mer after porpoises. She hadn't, ana
. innocently eyed as — as, say, Oza
WiiMrop— 1 heard the tale.
With an indulgent glance at "Fred
""dy" and one for me, equal parts amusc
."lnent and pity. Miss Morton ad
. .vi^ed: "Don't believe everything you
hear, my dear."
r 'I am afraid I am a. little credu
.-1<-'UP." I politely confessed to Mr.
Miss Morton put it: "I've observed
: as much— I've been doing a little inter
viewing myself."
Therefore when the buxom leading
••lady of Fischer's invited ,me to believe
' that she had refused an engagement at
". the Optra Comique for this season to
."sins "Lakme." and at CiVre's own and
.'prdent invitation, I do not know wheth
. ».r. the story was launched in compli
. Ivcnt to my credulity or whether
.happens to be gospel. Other Lakmes I
.'have heard, but none yet that could
fing "A Bit of Blarney" as this one.
• "A Bit of Blarney" does not come from
.-'Lakme"? How careless of me, to be
• pure! Well, perhaps Rose Relda could
ring the "Bell" song better. But I'll
hack Dorothv any day in "A Bit of
Blarney." And if she wants to be
'Lakme, who be I to stand in her way
"in this or aught else?
¦' 1 went to see Miss Morton at home.
I had heard that she was perched upon
the nearest thing to the top of Russian
"Hill, where you har-s over and see be
.low the great ships go sauntering
•through the Golden Gate. And there I
'found her— found, too, why this woman,
.¦per.fucrusneps incarnate behind the foot
lights, must always be found at home
..•with passionate, poet eyes bent upon
'-'such " a scene. Credulous, am I, Miss
• I am right, though, in believing you
\ not vain ?
• ¦ Miss Mortnn received an unexpected
artist and myself in a deshabille charm
¦Ingly unaffected. It was a real deshab
i'ie. not the $S7 50 confection of a
Pinero third act— in fact, the actress set
the thin lawn and lace of it at a prob
able dollar and six bits. There was a
"f-hawl over her shoulders, and she pout
ed Rood-humoredly at the silk and wool
. crdered by a cruel . physician that
-.peepeij below her sleeves — the wool, not
:the physician. Little wisps of her shin
. ir.g, blue-black mane were loosened by
' : the wind? that swept through the win
. dnn s, but it was the comfiest, most
' hospitable smile of the hostess that
Miss Morton -wore. Through the recep
' tion-roorr. she led us, with, as I live,
good picture?, through the billiard
¦ room then with its azure glimpse of
tea. then to the dining-room, whence
••one may see the full cerulean sweep
'"with Joarjuin Miller's:
Hup*? ships, black-bellied, lay below,
Rroad. yellow flags from silken Chind,
Ucund. blood-red banners of Xlppcn,
Like to their Orient sun at dawn —
Brave battleships as white a» mow.
" With bannered stars toased to the wind.
Warm as a kiss when lcrve is kind.
- Miss Morton attempted an elaborately
• matter-of-fact tone as she said, leaning
over to the scene: "One must be com
fortable, you know." Then, her little,
• sensitive nostrils, thin as an egg shell,
all a -quiver, she cried: "Ah, but it's*
beautiful! Don't you feel the thing
drawing you to it? Do you wonder
.looking at puch scenes that one kills
oneself? One wants to be part of it in
the hrart and essence of it. I used to
Fit for hours by Niagara; it is the same
there. I fancied, perhaps because I am
musical, that the waters sang a great
pong, changing all the time. But— oh,"
the voice changed and it was Dorothy
Morton of Fischer's that turned round
.from the window.
.. "You don't want to photograph me,"
she coaxed the artist. "I hate to be
"photographed. Fat women should
" never be photographed. And look at
ine! I'm not going to change my dress.
There! All right, if you must. Look
like- your litho, Dolly. Smile. Show
your teeth — if I had only two more
Inches of neck I should be all right?"
Just as she was, dropped into the
window seat. Miss Morton was "took."
"Will you look now through the win
dow, please?" from the photographer.
"Ah, yes! Is he never going to come?
:Alas! Alas!" She suited the word to
.the pose, then asked, "Am I as fat this
way?"
• She was, but there was no use in say
ing so. But note when you next see
Her. as I did then, her face of strange
"contrasts. Note the small, sensitive
rose, the tiny mouth, with the heavy
chin; note the exquisitely arched and
mobile eyebrows, the heavy-lidded,
"sensuous, burnt-hazel eyes; note the
ebon hair, the white skin, the avoirdu
pois, the vivacity.
"It wouldn't be bad to photograph
me in the tank, would it?" she asked
. me. "I'm a mermaid this week, you
• know. First scene's in a tank, a la
.'Rheingold.* I told Fischer — nice little
¦fellow— that it would be a good ad. to
have the mermaid fed at 3 o'clock
every afternoon."
"Worms or peanuts?" I inquired.
"Oh, we'll have tea this afternoon,"
Miss Morton laughed. As she ordered
it from the attendant Jap we talked
hired man for a time. Did I think the
•Chinese or Japanese the better? She
didn't understand the Oriental. You
never knew what they were thinking
ftbSut. She "could cook anything" — the
most hopeless skeptic would grant thi3
to Miss Morton, with her pervading air
of- bon vivant— and she liked things
"Nora Bayes?"
"Ay jolly, fine fellow," Miss Morton
dubbed her soubrette confrere. "Yes, I
made Nora set the table and we had—
though I say it that shouldn't— a good
dinner. You haven't met Nora yet?
You should. She's as springy as a lit
ile piece of elastic. Funny, no end.
Just the same off the stage as on.
Every night she stamps past my door"
— Miss Morton put every pound she has
into the clump! clump! with which she
imitated Miss Bayes' stamp across the
floor — "and sings out, 'Good-night,
Doddy!' You know, I'd miss it awfully
if that girl forgot to say that!"
"She's very bright," 1 testify then,
and ask: "Are those her own songs,
that immortally funny one about going
to 'hunt for beer and not for deer,' and
the rest?"
"I don't know," Miss Morton replied,
"shouldn't wonder, though. It's like
her."
"I thought so." I said. "Curious
Fischer's should get hold in so short
time of two such clever minxes as the
Bayes and the Aug."
"Sure," said my neighbor. "Sugar?"
as we wandered over to the tea table.
"Miss Aus is enormously clever."
"So clever that I don't know why_ she
is not doing something more than vau
deville specialties."
"Shall I tell you?" Miss Morton
asked. "It's nerves. That girl is all
nerves. She thinks twice as fast as she
can speak, and when the time comes
for her to play most of her vitality is
gone."
A step was heard here below the open
window and the actress laughed as she
ticketed it, "Mr. Conger, my husband."
"Very happy?" I laughed back.
"Oh, yes," Mrs. Conger said. She
added, "It's all new yet."
"How new?"
"Eighteen months," she confessed.
"Mr. Conger was one of Frohman's
men, you know. He was the 'original
little Billee in 'Trilby.' He's given up
the stage now." I did not ask if this
were in deference to Mrs. Conger's de
sire, for the gentleman came in here. I
fancy not, however. His round, rosy,
clear-eyed, clean-shaven face looks
rather like that of a person accustomed
to decide his own fate. He had just re
turned from a swim.
"Every day he goes swimming/' Mies
Morton pouted. "I'm beginning to sus
pect things"-—
"Another, mermaid?" I suggested.
"Exactly," she nodded, but beyond
trying on me the dog and the porpoise
story Mr. Conger was not to be In
veigled into the interview.
With a business-before-pleasure air
I said then: "Now, you will please tell
me your favorite role, and the rest, and
about the Daly times and so on."
Miss Morton put her elbows on the
table and her plump cheeks in her
hands to the tale. "My favorite role?
Oh — Mignon."
"You've done grand opera, then?"
"Oh, yes," she answered. "Santuzza,
too. I sang that against Calve in Chi
cago."
"My!" I exclaimed respectfully.
"Yes— show her those notices, Fred
dy," and "Freddy," from some corner,
cheerfully dug up a St. Louis notice of
Miss Morton's Santuzza, eminently
complimentary.
"St Louis," "Native," '-'Comparison
with the best." I read, and asked:
"Then you are from St. Louis?"
"I am a Southerner," she put it- "I
was singing then with the Schiller
Opera Company in 'The Pirates of
Penzance,' and so on. Well, one night
Mr. came to me — this was in
Chicago — and said, 'I've got an ad. for
us.* 'Spring it,' I said. 'Calve opens
next Monday (this was Friday) in
"Rusticana"— so. will we!' I didn't
know a line of it then, but we opened
all right!"
I was in the/b'gosh frame of mind by
this. But Miss Morton neglected to
show me her Chicago notices. I must
remind her.
"In light opera"—
"Oh, I know," I interrupted, " 'O Mi
mosa San.' "
" "Yes," she agreed, "I've sung the
part 765 times. I like 'The Fencing
Master' very much, too."
"How long were you with the
Dalys?"
"Five years," she— did she sigh?
"Just imagine," she threw iri, "Sir
William Jardine bought the Ameri
can rights of 'The Geisha,* and gets
10 per cent of the gross receipts every
time it is played. Wish 1 had 'em!"
"Who taught you to sing, Miss Mor
ton?"
"Madame Murlo-Celli," she told
me. "in Italy. But the person I
learned most from is Mme. Sarah
Duff. I've just been with her in Paris
this year. She is a / Chicago woman
who now assists Henry Russell—"
"Alice Nellsen's Henry Russell?" '
"The same, and a magnificent teach
er," Misa Morton heartily testified.
•'In twenty minutes— the man is a
voice doctor, not a teacher proper— he
will give you an absolutely new un
derstanding of voice production if you
are not a facrl, a full control over all
you've got in the way of voice. He
believes — so do I — that the Lord put
a voice into every one's throat, that is,
if you can talk you can sing. The
ear is another story. I have a queer
idea about ears. I have mine thor
oughly cleaned out twice t every year
why shouldn't . we ? We clean our
nails, our teeth—"
"True," I agree, as I am expected,
"but—"
"Well, after it you would hardly be
lieve how acute my hearing is. I can
tell every shade off pitch in the piano.
Why don't people think of it?"
"You may see the r'ocess going
on," I inform her, "in any barber's
shop in Chinatown."
Miss Morton wondered a moment
what Ah Sin wanted with his ears
sharpened, then reverted to Henry
cooked her own way. Sometimes she
would tell her boy that she wanted this
or that cooked her way, not his. He
would say haughtily: "I, lady, can
cook anything!" "Oh, can you!" his
mistress would gnash helpless white
teeth to say. When she first got into
her house she had no cook, and I could
ask Nora Bayes about their first dinner
at 101S Green street.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', SUNDAY, AUGUST 7, 1904.
19
WITH THE PLAYERS AND THE MUSIC FOLKThe Paris midinettes are planning to
lure their rivals to the French capital
a week before the match comes off and
to so enervate them with the gaveti^s
of the city that they will bm easily
beaten, m*M
PARIS. Aug. 6.— The return walking
match of the midinettes, Paris versus
Berlin, is at hand. The former event
in Berlin, where five Parisians com
peted with five Berlinese, resulted in
the overwhelming defeat of the French.
And the revenge now prepari:. _; is a
miracle of strategic genius:
Paris Athletes Plan Trick.
visiting in old Monterey is Miss Daisy
Polk— she of the ready wit and pretty
smile. Miss Polk has been visiting
Mrs. Sargent, and a merry tima the
pair have been enjoylng.\
What a revivication to dead and
burled Monterey was the establishment
of Ord Barracks. The old town really
shook itself . out of its mummy-swad
dlings and is waking up and taking
notice. And this is true not only from
the commercial viewpoint but from the
social.
At the barracks are some charming
people — and the officers are particularly
attractive. Their wives? O, such as
possess wives have reaHy made delight
ful selections. . )
Colonel and Mrs. Ward are \-ery
popular, so, too, are Captain Brooks
and his wife.
.Within a week or two the officers'
clubhouse at the post will be ready for
occupancy and then some merry dances
will be on the cards, for the upper floor
is given up almost entirely to the hall
—and. what think you?— a stage, yes,
and a greenroom.
The great white ball to be given on
the' 19th at Newport by Mrs. Tessie
Oelrichs is said to be in the nature of
a climax to Newportian grandeur and
to proclaim to a waiting world the true
status of Newportian leadership. We
hope she wins— we of the West are so
provincial!
There are to be white gowns, white
breeches, waistcoats and socks for the
men, white-robed servants, white fa
vors and decorations,' a white ballroom
and white wine. 'Twill surely be aw
fully swell.
* • *
The arrival of Mr. and Mrs. M. H.
de Young and Miss Helen and Con
stance de Young, after an extended
triJLrff many months,,, was warmly
One of the prettiest maids . at Bur
lingame this season is Miss Fannie
Crocker. While not,, formally "out"
she has entertained quite a bit and is
in return invited out. The' Crocker
home at Burllngame is one of the show
places of the suburbs— and will no
doubt be the scene of many gay, affairs
when the young mistress of the" house
hold has grown older and more worldly
wise. • •» ',
• ••¦.'•¦
; Among the fair maids who have been
- . i~ ' *¦ inumi n' !¦ ¦ ¦ - "i iijirn^mMii I
: Del Monte for August! That has
grown to be a religion. But this year
the army has "butted in"— pardon— and
ordered the flower of our military tloc$T"
into the field for maneuvers. However,
there is the old Del Monte contingent,
that only a trip to heaven (or dare I
suggest the antithesis?) would'inter
fere their August sojourn at, the hotel
by the singing sea. '
Miss Jennie Flood and her. good
friend Miss Sallle Maynard have been
visiting there and intend to return
within a week, which they are spend
ing at the Potter in Santa Barbara.
* The Joseph O'SullIvans are still visit-
Ing, in California from Paris, having
returned from a. visit to . Mendocino
County for the nuptials of Miss O'Sul
livan and young Sutro. *. / .
.It is said that honors are about even
between young Joe and: his famous
brother, Denis— him whom we all love
for his sweet voice and buoyant tem
perament.
'•'¦•-¦,•¦.
Mrs. Butler, Mrs. George Sonntag, Miss
Edith Sonntag, Mrs. William Landers,
Mrs. William Preritiss Morgan, Mrs. H.
M. A. Miller, Miss Robeson, Mrs. L. L.
Baker, Mrs. "Jack" Tallant, Miss Elsie
Tallant, Mrs. Lombard, Mrs.- Walter
Dean, Mrs. Fred Tallant, Mrs. George
C. Boardmah.
Miss Marian Angellotti is tasting the
joys of her first trip abroad. With her
mother, Mrs. F. M. Angellotti, she has
safely landed on the other side and Is
Mr. and Mrs. Robert Menzies, nee
Macintosh, have reached San Rafael,
and are at home in the charming
Angellotti house, .which they have
taken for a year.
• * *
Among those who gathered about the
board were George Sterling, Xavier
Martinez, Maynard Dixon, Edward
Cucuel, George Bromley, Joseph How
ell, Porter Garnett, T. J. Bourber, W.
B. Hopkins. William T. Sesnon. David
Bush, Dr. Russell Cool, Clarence Wen
dell, Dr. J. Wilson Shiels and others to
the number of thirty-five.
In the days of his wandering, young
Aitken will often call up the good fel
lowship of his last dinner at the club —
and the good fellows who made merry
with him.
That was a gathering of rare good
spirits on Wednesday night, when a
coterie of good friends of Bobby Ait
ken entertained him at dinner at the
Bohemian Club.^
The- clever young sculptor, on the
eve of his departure for the East and
for Europe, was toasted in good Bo
hemian style, and right merrily did
they wish him "godspeed."
On Saturday night the high jinks
will be held, likewise the low Jinks—
and either would be a feast. But 'tis
ever thus, a feast or a famine.
On Sunday morning, for such as are
abroad, having survived the twin ef
forts of Dr. Shiels' and Ernest Simp
son's ebullitions of the night, there
will be a sacred concert. And this will
be led by Mr. Redding, who bears in
his vest pocket some clever new music.
• • •
you not that these men are mad — they
are only bohemlans, and out for a
frolic.
Since it was discovered, after St.
Amant won the Derby, that his owner,
Leopold de Rothschild, carried a New
Zealand "lucky stone" in hia pocket,
among the smart set there has been
quite a run upon Bond-street jewelers
for them and they have been much in
evidence at the Ascot meeting. But
those who have displayed such eager
ness to" possess themselves of this em
blem of good fortune lose sight of tha
fact that Leopold de Rothschild's faith
in its efficacy was not sufficiently
strong to induce him to run St. Amant
fcr the Grand Prix and risk another
encounter with Edmond Blanc's horses.
Like his French opponent, the sporting
scion of the house of Rothschild backs
his judgment and not his luck. Hov/
ever, fashionable jewelers uie catering:
to the popular fancy, by laying in a
stock of these pretty translucent green
stones, carved to represent acorns,
shamrocks, pigs, ducks and other vari
ous fantastic creations, and it is net
unlikely that they may "catch on"
across the Atlantic. The native name
given to the stone In New Zealand is
"Pounamu" and geologists know it as
a species of slade. The Maoris usually
wear it suspended around their necks,
and when thus carried It is known as
the "Hei Tiki." or neck god. They
credit it with marvelous powers
against evil as well as great potency
in bringing its owner good luck. i ...
New Zealand Lucky Stones.
A FAMOUS HOSTESS AND ONE OF ' BU RUN GAME'S FAIREST DAUGHTERS.
On Thursday Mrs. ' Harry V Mendall
was hostess at a luncheon at Fastbri's,
most of her guests coming down from
San Rafael in their autos.
Those who still adhere with loving
tenacity to horseflesh drove over . in
their traps.
Among the merry party were: Mrs.
Clarence Henry Breeden, Mrs. Green,
The Sutro-O'Sullivan wedding was an
affair of note, both families of the hap
py pair being well known to the society
and commercial world. The ceremony
was a quiet affair, with only 'such at
tendants as are required -by law. The
gowns of the bride and her. fair attend
ant, Miss Ellen O'Sullivan, were quite
in keeping with the tone of theicere
mony, Mrs. Sutro wearing a" simple
frock of gray, while " Miss * Ellen was
gowned in' white.
The young people will journey East
on the nuptial trip, visiting the larger
cities, and later will cross over to Can
ada for a brief visit. * *.<;..
• • •
* The nuptials of Miss Grace Martin —
the winsome daughter of Mrs. Camilio
Martin — and . William Palmer Horn
were quite the event of the week.
Coming from the old Hyde family,
whose development is interwoven with
the city's growth, there was a famously
interesting guest-list.
Mrs. Horn is an attractive young wo
man, inheriting much maternal beauty.-
The Hyde-Smiths— Miss Gertrude and
Miss Margaret— made mighty stunning
ribbon bearers. And, by the way, these
fair maids bid fair to be leaders in the
younger set this winter.
Miss Caroline Merry was much ad
mired as the pretty maid of honor and
proved a very merry maid — pray, don't
take this as a bad witticism— It Is sim
ply the truth. . , ....... J .
Likewise was the bridal party merry,
they who dined with the bride. .Among
them were: Mr. and Mrs. "Horn, "Miss
Caroline Merry, Thomas Van Ness Jr.,
Dr> and Mrs. Garceau, Miss Gertrude
Hyde-Smith, Miss Margaret . Hyde-
Smith, Mr. and Mrs. Edward Schmie
dell. Captain and Mrs. Harold. Cloke,
Miss Edith Findley, Miss Constance
Borrowe, Milton Latham and Herbert
Martin.
• • •
Maids and matrons, save your smart
est gowns, because, you know, our rep
utations as good dressers will be at
stake. ¦ .
The Xew York women love to prove
our provincialisms — but we mustn't
possess them. In elegance only is there
safety.
Word has come from abroad that
during the winter — when the Fair
mont will be near to occupancy —
Mrs. Oelrichs is coming West with a
carload of smart set friends, and the
greatest function ever given in this
Western burg will be held at the new
mansion on the hill.
ures, for the world now needs it..
Just now Mrs. Mackay is -hostess to
our lately departed Prince Poniatow
ski. who returned to America's shores
last week, presumably on business.
Mr. and Mrs. Clarence Mackay are
holding High court at Saratoga, where
Mrs. Mackay is considered the clev
erest woman, likewise the-handsom
est, at the springs. .
Now. that designation is significant,
inasmuch as there are loads of hand
some women at the Yankee Spa, ac
tresses, gamblers' wives (not so
many, however, as in days of yore,
since Quakerism swept o'er the spot)
and swarms of really nice people. And
as to Mrs. Mackay's cleverness, "the
stone of destiny" has proven at least
her power of penetration, a faculty
not assiduously cultivated by many
society women. Besides, she uses good
English, an adorable element in any
woman, for ' language, like the na
tion's morals, lies in her keeping. To
us of the West, where the Mackays
were of. us and with" us during the
days of our childhood, or our parental
childhood, the dongs of Clarence, the
scion of the house, are "local news."
And thus do we welcome the advent
of his wife, pretty Katherlne Duer.
into the ranks of the literary set, for
while her work, may not pf itself have
immortal merit it at least puts the
stamp of good . form upon "serious
ness" among\ the leisure class. And
it is this woeful want of seriousness
that has called forth upon the heads
of the smart set its unwarrantable
anathemas. It simply doesn't think,
and therefore let us weave the. laurel
wreath for the brow of her — yes, and
of him — who thrusts a note of
thought Into its rondelay of pleas-
i There are not many cleverer girls
in society than Miss Gunn, who has
had the advantages of association In
the best schools in the country, and
herein lies a story.
It was while at Miss Anabel's school
in Philadelphia, that the young folk
met who were destined soon to be
come lovers and later to be betrothed.
WTille there are no definite arrange
ments as yet for the wedding it will
quite probably be celebrated in the
spring. Of course Miss Amy Gunn,
the attractive sister of the fiancee, will
have the honor of serving as first aid.
Miss Mabel Gunn, whose betrothal
to Dr. Thayer of Porto Rico has been
given out, has been assiduously enter
tained since the interesting announce
ment.
It had been hoped that pretty Ber
nadette Robinson would return home
for the winter, but it is now under
stood that she is reluctant to leave
Rome without a farewell, so she and
her mother will return to the Eternal
City for the. gay season.
What a furor that little Titian head
has made in the King's Guard! From
the bewildering attractions bestowed
upon the young Californian and the
rare good fun she gets out of it she
will not return until the spring.
days visiting the famous old cathedral,
wherein the late Mr. Tillman wor
shiped in his early boyhood.
The party has now moved on to
Munich, where the great Wagner fes
tivals will soon take place.
The A. B. Costigans have returned to
town and are located in apartments on
Jackson street. Miss Minnie Nash, who
will assist /at Miss Charlotte Ellin
wood's wedding, Is with them.
The Misses Wells have been passing
a few weeks with Mrs. Rose Hooper
Plotner at her Mountain View ranch
house, where they have been holding a
merry court. The Plotners are a fas
cinating pair, deeply devoted, but not
to the extent of excluding their friends
from their midst.
Miss Pearl Landers goes down to
Monterey again, the guest of Mrs. B. I*.
May, the erstwhile chatelaine of tha
Morgan cottage, that overhangs tha
sea.
Among those who will .sojourn at Del
Monte during the month preliminary
to the big auto meet on the 28th are
Mrs. Eleanor Martin, Mr. and Mrs.
Walter Martin. Miss Flood, Miss May
nard, Mr. and Mrs. Gus Taylor, Mr. and
Mrs. Will Taylor, Mias Emily and Miss
Charlotte Wilson, Mr. and Mrs. Horst,
Miss Maye Colburn and Misses Maria
and Juanita Wells.
The John Parrott 'family at Del
Monte has been one of the most fasci
nating features of the hotel — eight
handsome children with their attrac
tive mother and good looking father
and five servants making quite a party.
Miss and Mr. Horsey were guests of
the family last week and the Misses de
Guigne were likewise entertained.
surrounding San Rafael. It is in
proximity to such other charming res
idences as the Menzies*. the George
Boyds', the Angellottis' and "Fair
Hills," the home of the A. TV. Fosters.
Then the William Babcocks, who live
quite at the other end of town — near
the Hotel Rafael — are enjoying them
selves surrounded by their own beauti
ful lawns and trees and flowers. Tha
Babcocks evidently take the most gen
uine satisfaction in rural life. Almost
every afternoon Mr. and Mrs. Babcock
may be seen spinning along the splen
did roads behind a spirited pair. The
Vincent Neales, too, who live not far
from the Babcocks, have remained at
home, and a wonderfully Interesting
and attractive home it is. Mrs. Neale,
who is a genuine artist, planned every
nook of the house herself, and a most
unique and charming place is tha
result.
Still enjoying the sights and scenes,
likewise the people, of the Old World
are Miss Josephine Tillman, Dr. Til
den Tillman, Miss Bernadette Robin
son, Mrs. Luke Robinson and Mrs. F.
Tallant. The Tillmans have just left
Cologne, where they remained many
In all their wanderings, and they
spend much time in the famous li
braries, art cilleries and cathedrals,
they have gleaned, the joys that come
only to those who understand. And
as to entertainment, they have been
the recipients of lavish attention from
the diplomats to whom they carried
letters. . •
Miss Henriette Moffat and the three
Misses Bull had been enjoying the
beauties of Lucerne when last heard
from and were then preparing to re
turn to Paris. Here's a, coterie- of
young women who are endowed with
understanding, alas! rather a rare gift
lo young women of easy circum
stance.
Mrs. Emil Bruguiere has gone on to
New York to join her handsome hus
band, who is up to his eyes in a new
opera. His collaborator, ; Charles de
Long, likewise a Californian, has great
hopes for their joint effusion.
Bruguiere's opera, which has already
passed muster, will appear within a
month or six weeks at one of the
Broadway theaters. And thus does the
strenuous West keep the tired East
awake! ' V
¦Wallace Irwin and his wife are hav
ing good fun in New York. While he
scribbles merry jingles of the wild sea
wave — which he learned to know
around the corner of our own Black
Point— his wife is entertained by the
literary set, that seems to thrive rather
well in Gotham. Last week Mrs. Mar
garet Cameron Lewis, the interesting
writer, was hostess to the Irwins. Pre
sumably, the genial William of recent
departure will be welcomed by the
same set.
Such prospects are almost enough to
make other Western lnksters long for
laurels in the eager East.
A few days before the departure of
Mr. and Mrs. M. H. de Young from
Xew York they were entertained hand
somely by the lord high chancellor of
the Gotham smart set— Harry Lehr—
Mrs. Harry assisting.
At the %anquet board were Mrs.
Stuyvesant Fish, Mrs. Oelrichs. Mr. and
Mrs. Tony Drexel, Mrs. Putnam of
Boston, Mrs. Campbell and Mr. and
Mrs. Elisha Dyer— a brilliant gathering,
and decidedly smart— if not exactly
Knickerbocker^ exclusive.
But, exclusive or- non-exclusive, it is
in this Bet that the cleverest things are
said, the handsomest women met and
the smartest functions given, and
spirit— that evanescent thing that
eludes the pursuit of the Astorially
dull— is never wanting at their feasts.
• • •
On with the pyrrhic dance! — that is,
¦when the ¦wax lords have slaked their
thirst for the stunts of war.
To be sure, it's for these things that
.Uncle Samuel has rounded up his
martial men. And said rodeo is a
serious matter — in the minds of the
great chiefs — since many thousands of
the nation's defenders will have hiked
over valley and mountain for the gory
field of Atascadero, there to delve deep
into the arts of war.
But lived there ever a soldier who
hath not the favor of a maiden fair?
'Tis this truth that will make of the
battleground a field of high endeavor,
for round about on the sloping mounds
will the fair ones gather to render
honors unto the gallant chaps who will
give them a working representation
:of the way they thrashed the enemy
in the rice fields of Manila.
. There are going to be some mighty
likely fellows down there in khaki
several hundred of them with shoulder
straps and records. Why, even the fel
low who bore the message to Garcia —
¦and then stormed the heart of a lady
fair— will be on the grounds— not to
mention all the generals and colonels
ard majors, agleam with gold lace and
•hrass buttons, who will precipitate the
l-attles and then bravely end them.
Now that the maids and matrons of
the smart set may view the great pano
rama in action, automobiles will be
run from Paso Robles Hotel to the
i-arr.p, ten miles to the south — the hotel
being the nearest depot for lodging.
And many maids have arranged to
send their saddle horses on to the
hotel, so the road to the camp will
know many a lively canter, as well as
speedy run.
And when the maneuvers end a gen
eral jubilation will be held at the
hotel, where both the conquerors and
the conquered will meet on neutral
grounds.
Already a large contingent of army
maicis and matrons are located at the
springs, awaiting the performances to
.begin.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, /SUNDAY, AUGUST 7, 19Q£
welcomed by the clever set in which
they move.
The De Youngs will go to Meadow
lands for the summer, where they will
entertain much.
• • •
The much beparagraphed Joe Red
<2ing — poet, critic, musician, miner,
Egyptologist — has tripped back to hi9
old haunts and, with the Bohemian
owl, will take to the woods early next
week — for know ye, all ye sprites of
the woodland, that a species of men,
who know not care, not worry, nor
aught but song and merry laughter,
goes to dwell among you. And think
looking forward to months of delight
ful travel on the Continent.
* ' • • Zi .
Mrs. George Hellman and her little
ones are still summering at Pacific
The George T. Pages are also at Pa
cific Grove— at El Carmelo Hotel.
The George Pinckarda are among: the
many who have remained at Lome and
have enjoyed San Rafael through an
unusually charming summer. The
Pinckard home is beautifully nestled
at the foot of one of the many hills
20
THE SMART SET GOES
A SOLDIERING~* u. ST " PETERSBURG » Au ST- 6 - — General Kuropatkin's report of small, shifting movements by the Japanese, with a single unimportant skirmish, bringing the military situation -up to August 4/is just about what was expect
ed by the authorities here. It is believed, however, that the lull in the righting has lasted about as long as possible, and that the forces around Liaoyang are now on the eve of a desperate and decisive engagement. The pause of the
past few days is believed to have been long enough to enable the Japanese to assume their formation, bring up supplies and make ready for a grand assault upon the. powerful positions around Liaoyanff and the battle of the war
is hourly expected to occur. .„ *~ J s>
COMBINED JAPANESE ARMIES ARE READY TO BEGIN ATTACK UPON LIAOYANG
AND ST. PETERSBURG IS AWAITING NEWS OF THE GREATEST BATTLE OF THE WAR
HECTOR FULLER, WAR CORRESPONDENT,
ACCUSES JAPANESE OF INGRATITUDE
TOWARD NATIONS THAT AIDED THEM
Sultan Must Heed
the Demands of
Leishman.
.CALL BUREAU, HOTEL BARTON,
WASHINGTON, Aug. 6.-rOrders have
been given the European squadron, now
a Villafranche, to proceed without delay
to Smyrna and back up the endeavor
SQUADRON OF AMERICAN WARSHIPS
IS ORDERED TO TURKISH WATERS TO
PUT CHECK UPON PORTE'S INSOLENCE
Continued on Pa se 22, Column 5.
SWEET SPRINGS, Mo., Aug. 6.—
Former Senator Vest is .. gradually
sinking. -He was almost unconscious
at 9 o'clock to-night. The belief pre
vails that he will not survive more
than a few hours.
Vest Is Near Death.
GEORGIAN IS ARRESTED
FOR REVIVING SLAVERY
Wealthy Planter Accused of Hold-
Ins Nezroes hi Bondage on
Ills Farms.
SAVANNAH. Ga.. Aug. 6.— Stats
Senator Foye of Egypt, Ga., has beea
brought here under arrest by Federal
officers on a charge of holding negroes
in bondage.
"Foye la one of the wealthiest men
In Southern Georgia and is a Demo
cratic leader. He conducts large tur
pentine farms near Egypt and ' the
Federal. officers assert that he is hold
ing many negroes as slaves. The ne
groes, it is said, are confined at ni«t»t
in stockades and are worked ia chains
durin? the da/.
BATTLE OF SIMOUCHENG.
Fierce Engagement Preceding the
Evacuation by the Russians.
SIMOUCHENG. Manchuria, Aug. 6.
There was heavy fighting here for two
days. The Japanese commenced the
attack at dawn on July 30 with a
long-range rifle fire on the Russian
right. The Russians wasted no am
munition . in replying to this fire and
the Japanese brought a mountain bat
tery to their support. They then
moved forward in order to secure a
URUGUAY'S
PRESIDENT
IMPERILED
Assassin Hurls a
Bomb at Chief
Executive.
MONTEVIDEO, Aug. 6.— An attempt
was made upon the life of President
Battle y Ordonez to-day. While driv
ing with his family along one of the
principal streets of the city 'a burning
torpedo was exploded at the side of the
carriage.
The explosion tore up the pavement
and the track of the railway running
through the street, but so far as can be
learned no one was Injured.
PRINCESS OF MONACO
LOSES MONEY AND JEWELS
Her Apartments Are Entered While
• She Is Absent and Booty Worth
SI 6.000 Taken.
Epeelxl Cthle to The Call asd New Tork
Herald. Ccirnjrbt. 1904. Dy tie New Tork
Hen IS Publlttia* Company.
PARIS, Aug. 6. — Jewelry and bank
notes to the value of $16,000 were
stolen yesterday afternoon from the
apartments of the Princess of Monaco
"In the Hotel Mercedes. The Princess
left the hotel at 5 o'clock for a drive
with her daughter and her maids went
out. Her man servant had gone to
change his livery, when thieves en
tered end forced open a leather hand
bag and dispatch box. which, after
emptying, they concealed behind the
bath.
LONDON. Aog. 6. — The bye-election
held to-day for a successor to the seat
In the House of Commons for Reading
made vacant by the retirement of
George William Palmer, Liberal, re
sulted in tiie choice of Rufus Isaacs,
the Liberal candidate, who received
4770 votes, against 1540 cast for
Charles N. Keyeer, his Unionist op
ponent.
Seat to House of Commons Vacated
by Palmer Will bo Filled
by Isaacs.
LIBERAL CANDIDATE WINS
FIGHT AGAINST UNIONIST
• "The Japanese possess great phys
ical bravery. They are morally
oblique, however, and ingratitude Is
their most pronounced characteristic."
Thus are the little brown antagon
ists of the Czar, criticized by Hector
Fuller, war correspondent of the In
dianapolis News and one of the few
newspaper men to win their way Into
the heart of the Far Eastern disturb
ance and <o have seen something of
the actual conflict from both sides.
Fuller's thrilling, en try into Port Ar
thur is part of the history of the war
and whatever' his judgment- is ; worth
he should be in possession of plenty
of facts upon which- to base an opin
ion worthy of record.
Fuller arrived here yesterday on the
liner Doric and will leave in a few
days for his Indianapolis home. He
may resume his desk as dramatic and
literary editor of the paper which gent
him to Japan or he may, "if the cre
dentials can be obtained, spend the
coming winter campaigning with the
Russian forces. He wants no more
of Japan.
"When Japan began to open her
eyes," said Fuller, "the first thing she
saw was the necessity for a scientific
knowledge of the art of war. The
civilized nations of the world went to
her aid. They welcomed Japan's ca
dets at their naval and military
schools and gave to the little brown
students as much attention and care
as they devoted to the training of
their own officers. There are gradu
ates from American and European na
val and military academies on every
Japanese warship arrd with each of
her numerous regiments on land. It
Is the ideas planted by foreign instruc
tors and nourished under Caucasian
discipline that are now being turned
to the temporary confusion of the
hosts of the Czar.
STILL SEEKING KNOWLEDGE.
"That the Japanese learned their
lessons well nobody can deny and the
fact that Japan still believes she can
get something from foreign nations is
evidenced by the large numbers of
Japanese 'students' to be found all
over the world. - This war Is the first
in which modern fighting machinery
is In the hands of both contestants.
Hence to the military world every en
gagement is full of vital Interest. The
theories of the science to which mili
tary and naval men have been devot
ing their lives are being tried out as
would be possible In no other way and
the opportunity to observe the opera
tions on land and sea would be of ln
calulable benefit. Japan has the
chance of her life to repay, In a meas
ure, past favors through which she is
now able to stand up against the bear.
And what Is she doing?
"She Is treating the military attaches
— men wbo have been sent to the Far
East by their governments to observe
modern war machinery in real service;
men who are In honor pledged to se
crecy—like dogs.
"Every subterfuge the Oriental mind
can conceive is being used to withhold
this privilege without an actual refusal
and where attaches have succeeded in
reaching the front their treatment has
been such that to stay and retain self
respect was beyond a white man's
LOSES HIS LIFE WHILE
TRYING TO SAVE TRAIN
Farmer Boy Is Crushed to Death by
_ Engine Ho Attempted
to Stoo.
CHICAGO, Aug. 6. — James Jensen,
a farmer boy aged 18 years, was killed
through his efforts to save a Chicago.
Milwaukee and St. Paul passenger
train from destruction near Corliss,
111.- While the youth and his brother
were crossing the track with a steam
thrasher the machine became stalled.
When the Milwaukee-Chicago passen
ger train came on James ran up the
track waving his straw hat and so de
termined was he that he stood on the
track In the glare of the headlight un
til he was borne down by the locomo
tive and crushed to death. The en
gineer saw him* In time to slacken
speed and though the locomotive
crashed into the thrasher the train
escaped a wreck.
Continued on Pajjc 22, Column 2.
A cry went up that a girl In the front
seat was burning, and many rushed In
that direction. Roundsman Griffin of
the Coney Island station, was^the first
to reach the front of the car. Flames
were enveloping the sides and front and
streaming from the motor box itself
about the floor. Calling to the con
ductor to pull the trolley pole off. the
roundsman Jumped on the car three or
four seats back from - the front and
climbing over reached the girl and
pulled her away from the flames. Her
light dress was afire, and before the
roundsman could beat out the flames It
was almost entirely burned off her.
NEW YORK, Aug. 6.— Carrying fifty
children picked up in the tenement dis
tricts of Manhattan and twenty women
who had them in charge, a special trol
ley car of the Thirty-ninth street ferry
line caught fire at Coney Island to-day.
A 3-year-old child was severely burned,
and in the panic that ensued several
were Injured.
The car was on its way to the Seaside
Home, at Surf avenue and Twenty
seventh street* where the children were
to have a day's outing. It was at Surf
avenue and Tenth street when there
was a loud explosion, followed by sev
eral blinding flashes. Then flames rose
from the sides and the front of the car.
The shrieks of the children could bo
heard for blocks away, and a big crowd
gathered. The car slowed down, but It
had not come to a full stop when from
both sides the children began Jumping
to the street, falling on the cobble
stones and injuring themselves. The
twenty women were calling out to their
charges to remain in their seats, while
many of the crowd were crying to them
to Jump. The advice from the crowd
was heeded by more than half the chil
dren.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Mrs. Crocker directs that her father,
L. H. Hanchett, and her mother, Mar
garet Hanch»tt. be paid $100 a month
for life out of tier estate and bequeaths
to her sister. Virginia H. Carroll, and
her brother, Lewis E. Hanchett, $10,300
each.
She gives to her husband, Georgs
Crocker, all the jewelry that once be
longed to hl3 mother, Mary A. Crocker,
apd also her own ruby ring, and as
long as he lives or until he remarries
he is to have the house at No. 1 East
Sixty-fourth street, and its contents.
On his death or remarriage this proi>
erty together with its contents Is to
be divided equally among her thre*
children. Alexander H. Rutherford.
Alice H. Rutherford and Emma Ruth
erford. M8SB
NEW YORK, Aug. 6.— By the will of
Mrs. Emma H. Crocker, which Tras
filed to-dav In the office of ths Surro
gate, her husband, Georga Crocker, her
son Alexander Rutherford, and her
daughter. Alice H. Rutherford of Ram
seys. N. J., are appointed executors.
The petition for probate states the
value of her real estate in this State
to b« 5130,000 and that of her personal
property not less than $10,000. She died
in Newport on July 26 last.
Special DIsTi'-cJi to The Call.
of Minister Leishman in behalf of
American citizens in the Sultan's do
mains.. The squadron, which is com
manded by Rear. Admiral C. T. Jewell,
will start for the East on Sunday or
Monday and will await instructions at
Smyrna. The trip will take about three
days.
Not only have these decisive orders
been given the European squadron, but
it is expected the battleship squadron,
which is due at Gibraltar by Monday,
will be detained in that vicinity. If
necessary it will be sent to the Eastern
Mediterranean to reinforce the cruiser
squadron.
Secretary Hay suggested the advisa
bility of sending a squadron to Turkish
waters at the" Cabinet meeting yester
day. He had then Just received word
of the failure of Minister Leishman to
receive satisfaction from the Sultan in
answer to American demands. The
Cabinet concluded the situation had
reached a stage that called for a naval
demonstration. President Roosevelt
, was fully In accord with the idea of
sending a squadron to the East. It is
probable the battleship squadron would
have been sent had it not been at sea
and out of reach of the cable. Under
the circumstances it was felt that no
time was to be lost, and orders were
given the European squadron.
• The battleship squadron consists of
the modern battleships Kearsarge, Ala
bama, Iowa, Illinois, Maine and Mis
souri. It is commanded by Hear Ad
miral Barker and : is the most powerful
squadron of the navy.
The European squadron consists of the
protected cruisers Olympla. Baltimore
and Cleveland. The cruiser Des Moines,
a sister ship to the Cleveland and a
new vessel, has been added to the Euro
pean squadron and will start across the
Atlantic on August 20. The Olympla,
which was Admiral Dewey's flagship at
Manila, is now the flagship of Rear
Admiral Jewell.
. Should the two squadrons be com
bined-It is evident that they would
form a formidable force. It Is obvious
such ' a fleet would exert a powerful
moral effect. ,
'¦ Just what course Hear Admiral Jewell
Is expected : to follow is not disclosed.
It is known. everything will be done to
avoid ; complications with other Euro
pean countries. • While It Is not expected
that It will be necessary for the Euro
pean squadron : to commit any hostile
act, it is nevertheless admitted at the
State Department -that the situation is
a delicate and trying one.
Fifty Children Have
Narrow Escape
in Gotham,
Will of Mrs. Crocker
Husband.
INDIANAPOLIS "WAR CORRESPON
DENT WHO ARRIVED HERB
YESTERDAY FROM ORIENT.
MUST STAY
SINGLE OR
LOSE HOUSE
CAR BURNS
AND TOTS
ARE HURT
ABDtTL. HA1IID. THE OTTOMAN . RULE R "WHOSE INSOLENCE HAS RESTTLTED
IN THE ORDERING OP AN ' AMERICAN SQUADRON TO TURKISH "WATERS.
AND THE WASHINGTON REPRESS NTATIVE AT CONSTANTINOPLE.
Writer Who Risked Life
to Enter Port An-' \
thur Is Here.
In exchange for this overwhelming
superiority in heavy gun fire, the six
inch gnn carried In the King Edward
disappears.
¦¦. The four new armored cruisers are
also to be remarkable and of gr^at
size, being the largest cruisers built
for the British or any other navy.
They are to be known as the Minotaur
clusr. They will steam twenty-three
knots, displace 14.600 tons, or 400
more than the Drake class, and will
carry four 9.2-inch guns of the same
type as those on the Lord Nelson and
ten of the new 7.5-inch guns, which
fcre four 200-pound shells a mlnuf
through more than two feet of iron
Both the cruisers and the battle
ships will represent a capita! of
540,000,000.
The advantage in the new ships lies
in their creator number of 9.2-inch
runs. This v.eapon is one of the most
powerful in existence. Firing a 3S0
pound shell twice or thrice a minute
and driving it through thirty-five
inches of iron, it is more powerful
than any gun of a Eimilar type
mounted on foreign battleships.
The four twelve-inch guns fire 850
pound shells through come four feet
cf Iron.
LONDON, Aug. 6. — Details given In
tfcs House of Commons this week as
to the Ehipbuilding programme of the
British Government for the present
year show that the two new battle
ships cf the Lord Nelson class will be
truly worthy of their great names.
Their batteries ere such as has never
before been put into any fighting ship.
On a displacement of 16,500 tons, or
ISO tons larger than the previous
lsrgest (the King Edward), they will
carry fourteen big armor piercing
CU«e. A comparison of the two types
gives the following results:
The King Edvrard — Guns, four 12
ir.ch. four I*. 2-inch, ten 6-inch; ton
nag?, l€,3:0; rpeed, lS!i knots.
The Lord Nelson — Guns, four 12
icc-h, ten 9.2-inch; tonnage, 16,500;
speed. IS knots.
PpesaJ Cai!s t» Tie Call a=d New Terfc
Herald. Coprright. 1DW. by tis >*ew York
Guns fen Drive Eght-Hundred-and-
Fifty-Ponnd Shells Through
Fonr Feat of Iron.
The Russian position at Anshan
shan is as strong as that at KInchou.
It consists of a precipitous . barrier
flfteen»miles long, flanked on the east
ward by the river and a marsh and
on the westward by a level plain and
Is impossible of approach by infantry
by either side. The only weak spot Is
to the eastward, where the Japanese
may mount heavy guns with a longer
range than the Russian pieces and
pour in a flanking fire. It is consid
ered more -probable, however, that
General Nodzu will try to cut in be
tween Anshanshan and Liandlansian
and cut pff the. former place from
Liaoyang.
The Dick of Kuropatkin's troops,
the newly arrived European regi
ments, are stationed at Anping and
Anshanshan, .where the hardest onset
is expected to be made. Some of these
regiments were raised 200 years ago
and have great war records. Officers
acquainted with the men declare that
the dogged tenacity displayed at
Tushu Pass and Nanga Pass has be
come only more fierce and unyielding
under the reverses met by the troops.
Experts at the War Office are dis
cussing the probable course of the im
pending operations. They say that the
Japanese will try to capture either
Anping or Anshanshan, whence they
will be able to strike Liaoyang, and
they think it more likely that Anshan
shan will be selected, because that
place is in the line of advance of Gen
erals Oku's and Noduz's armies and
must be captured before an attempt
Is made to flank Liaoyang from the
westward.
The military authorities do not en
tertain the slightest doubt of General
Kuropatkin's ability to repulse an at
tempt to capture and cut off Liao
yang. The defense there has an'Im
mediate advantage, operating within
the small radius of twenty miles, thus
enabling General Kuropatkin to re
inforce promptly any weak points.
The army at his disposal i3 estimated
at 150 battalions, besides cavalry and
artillery, altogether not far short of
200,000 men.. Only one-third of this
force was engaged in the fighting of
July 30 and 31 and August 1.
ST. PETERSBURG, Aug. : 6.— If Is
expected that within forty-eight hours
the battle that will decide the fate of
the Russian ¦ arms Manchuria— at
least for the present campaign — will
have been begun in the vicinity of
Liaoyang, where General Kuropatkin
now faces the combined armies of
Kuroki, Oku and Nodzu.
• An issue of such importance mo
mentarily eclipses Interest in the
siege of Port Arthur. The fate of the
latter place is not likely to influence
the immediate destinies of the cam
paign, but Liaoyang ia closely tied up
with the fortunes of the whole war.
The loss of such a position, with its
accumulations of stores. . would " im
mediately and perhaps irreparably en
danger the main Russian position in
Manchuria.
PARIS, Aug. 7.— The 3Iatin's cor
respondent at Newchwanjj .says that
the French consular agent there was
arrested ,ou August, 3 , by the Japan
ese in consequence "or his vigorous
protest against the detention of two
sailors who claimed French protec
tlon-^ Th e asent^nptifi^i the .Ameri
can Consul, whoVhoweTer,"waa 1 uiuible
|to iiJtcrrene, but sent Information of
the agent's arrest to the French Con
sul at Tientsin. • ; ¦ ' - ¦= ¦• ; <
Special Dlspttcli to The Call.
Forty Million Dollars to Be
Expended in Tteir
Construction.
His Defeat Would Irreparably En
danger the Russian Position .
in Manchuria.
Will Be the Largest
War Craft in
the World.
General Kuropatkin's Total
Strength Not Far From
200,000 Men.
Opposing Forces Are
AI)out Equally
III Matched.
POWERFUL
SHIPS FOR
KING'S NAVY
WAR'S ISSUE
RESTS UPON
THIS FIGHT
cIboo to* thirty* kooxs «afttnf>
raifrnigfrt, Axtfut T, 19041
Baa PrmacUoo sad Ticiatty—
J*aii Sv&fiay; fexixk wwtacSjr
As O« ICbASXSb
THE TTTCATXaS.
Alcarar — "ma X*dy cf Jiycas."
California — "A asniioaalz*
Tramp."
Central — "Serrwcit Jaaaw."
CJmtss — Vaudeville.
nscier 1 * — "Tie YTSdil of ti»
' lawn."
OttiiIi **rt Parisian. Sosuset."
Orpisrnsi — Vaudeville.
TItoU— "Ths Toreador."
3tt*t£ates at aU theaters.
VOLUME XCVI— NO. 68.
FORTY-EIGHT PAGES— SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, AUGUST 7, 1904— PAGES 21 TO 34.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
The San Francisco Call..-• YREKA, Aug. .6.— Fred Weller was
last night convicted of burglary in. the
first degree.' The offense was stealing
from a cash register ln Emll Kappler's
saloon. .
Convicted of Burclary.
••' BAKERSFIELD, Aug. 6.— George
Woodard, a rachman in' the -mountains
near- Kernvllle, and "his three sons
were- lodged in the County Jail to-day
pn a charge of .cattle stealing.
Jailed for Cattle Stealing.
'¦ WASHINGTON, ¦ Aug. . 6.-r-Chairman
Cowherd of the Democratic Congres
sional Committee to-day announced
the members of the Democratic cam
paign'committee. E. J. Livernash is
the committeeman from California.
Names Campaign Committee.
VANCOUVER, B." C, Aug. 6.— One
workman 'was killed and. another fa
tally injured at the transformer sta
tion of the "electric railway ¦company
to-day. J. Bays was killed and R. L.
Green", in endeavoring to remove Bays'
body from the< wire, was badly burned
and will not recover.-* - v ¦ . • -
Linemen Arc Electrocuted.
NEW YORK, Aug. 6. — The building
trades lockout, declared yesterday,
which goes into. effect on Monday, was
practically in effect to-day. When all
the orders have been carred out, it is!
estimated, -nearly 40,000 union men
will have been forced out of employ
ment. ¦ .' ;
MANY' IDLE MECHANICS.
Lockout of Building Trades Will Af
fect Nearly 40,000 Men.. ::.;
These bondsmen have been sum
moned before the Citizens' Alliance to
give their reasons for going on the
bonds. • • ¦• ; • . . ' ' ' ,:. <
' ; CRIPPLE CREEK, Colo., Aug. 6.—
Eight of the -forty-eight men who
were arrested after the Independence
explosion and charged with murder,
conspiracy and' the Victor riot and
murder, have 'been' released on- bonds
given by business men of the district
in sums ranging from $1500 to $10,
000." ::
Eight of the Independence Explosion
Suspects Given Their Freedom.
RELEASED ON BONDS.
PORTLAND, Aug. 6.— The. opening of
the fall flour trade with the Orient has
again brought ' to the front the tramp
steamer,'*whlch assisted in demoralizing
trans-Pacific freights last year. ¦ It is
doubtful- If there would have been a
good opening for these tramps had it not
been for .the refusal of Manager R. P.
Schwerin of the Portland and Asiatic
line to handle Japanese freight. on the
regular . liners. Three of • these ocean
wanderers,: the '¦ Norwegian steamships
Hero and Tellus and a British vessel,
have been offering for Portland loading
at a $4 rate, and one and perhaps. two
of them will be taken up to-day.
Ocean Wanderers Will Mnke a -Re
duction ln Rates of Shipping
to Orient.
TRAMP STEAMERS AGAIN
- - . ENTER PACIFIC TRADE
Reckless., naring. of the General Sends
GALLANT KELLER'S DEATH.
Him . to His- Doom.
LIAbYANG> Aug. 6.— Prince Shir
enski; an eye-witftess : of ' Lieutenant
General 'Keller's death, says it was due,
to a reckless. Inspection .of the batter
ies, made : by' Keller on foot. .During
a lull 'in. the. fighting about, midday on
July 31 General Keller,, though warn
ed by his subordinates that his white
"Finally I was taken out of the city
with two or three hundred Chinese,
sent to Louisa Bay and then back to
Chefu in a sampan. We did not see
any. Japanese vessels."
OTHERS FROM THE FRONT.
Another passenger, Anthony M.
Szentgali, is from Vladivostok, where,
with an American; D. M. Jackson of
New York, he has been engaged ln the
construction of stone drydocks for the
Russians. This year, says Szentgali;
the Japanese probably will be vic
torious, but. next summer the Russians
the city and placed in prison. I .was
there two days when I was examined
flrst by one officer and then by another.
My story was straightforward, and I
demanded to be taken. before General
Stoessal. My request , was acceded to.
"I was much Impressed with, the
general.' He said 'Don! t you know
that .we are a blockaded port?' "I told,
him- it' was not e.ffective, . that "Junks
and sampans were 1 coming into Louisa
Bay every- day with -.food-: supnlies..and*
I thought I might as well come ln
that way, too.
*'He gave an order to release me
from prison, but I was kept in a large
room used by officers.' From the,win
dows ; I saw one day the battleships
Czarevitch and Retvlzan being taken
Into the harbor from the docks, the
people enthusiastic, because the ves
sels had been completely repaired. They
were engaged in battle afterward.
"Conditions in Port Arthur seem
about as if there was a strained peace.
Ptople drive about In carriages, the
clubs are attended as before, but the
fortifications are becoming stronger
and stronger. The^Jiills and ap
proaches are covered wth barbed wire
and small stones. Port Arthur is al
most an impregnable fortress. An as
sault upon It would destroy thousands
and thousands of men. The batteries
are very heavy.' . ' • - " "
will make a speedy end. of the" war.
The , work: on the .drydock. was sus-:
pended 'jiwing, to the danger ,'of. at-:
tack. , but thV;delay, he. says, will bo
temporary. . .'. ' '*. ¦.".* .' . * . ' .:
H, 1 E. ; r Athearn' and: H. . J. Wrown,
who. also : arxived^here onihe. Oporic,
,op.exate$k th,e; ..'vyjrelass.. telegraphy :6n
the".Lan'don.Tin>es., dispatch boat lial
muh.* 1 Uirhey, witnessed a njrmb'e'r ." ,of
naval, battles and were, within ten' miles
of. > the :Petrbt)avlrfvsk.^vhen sh£ fore
blown -up.' Russians' protested a£alrts£
.the use of the- tvirelesi. 'system^
and wheh. the Japanese extended their
censorship .to., the air 'the I Haimun'a
platit' was dismantled /'and Brown
Athearn relieved! of duty. They .eh-
Joj ; ed their work, th^y say, and have""
brought .home with "them a regular
war • correspondent's ' anti-Japanese
grouch. ----- • ' ,' ¦¦¦ ¦
Continued From Pace 21, Column 1 2.
power. The war correspondents have
a grievance which will be aired from
all the ends of the earth as the de
ceived and disappointed writers reach
their homes and typewriters, but the
troubles of the military attaches make
the woes of the war j correspondents
seem petty by comparison."
Of all of this and more did Fuller de
liver himself yesterday as he stood On
the Doric's deck.
"I went from Japan to Port Arthur,"
he continued. "When I was released
from Jail and went among those Rus
sian soldiers I realized that with all
their faults they were white men, and
there came upon me a full realization
of the difference between the white and
the yellow. If Japan should win this
war— and I hope she won't and do not
see how she can — it will be the worst
thing that could happen, so far as
America is concerned."
TRIP TO PORT ARTHUR.
The story of Fuller's trip to Port Ar
thur is a thrilling one. Tired of wait
ing in Tokio he went to Chefu, where
he hired a sampan and with two Chi
nese started for Port Arthur. He was,
six days making the trip. He landed
June 11 at Louisa Bay and started to
walk to Port Arthur.
"The next day," he said, "while
walking along a road I saw a group of
Russians ahead. I walked straight
toward them, but chucked my. note
book, binoculars and revolver. They
questioned me and took me for a spy.
I told them I was a correspondent. I
told them I wanted to be taken before
the commander of the garrison, and
I was blindfolded and conducted into
HECTOR FULLER ACCUSES JAPANESE
I ST. PETERSBURG, Aug. 6. — The
1 satisfaction of the Russian authori
ties at the forbearance of the United
States Government in regard to the
j neutral commerce -situation is echoed
! in an editorial in the Novoe Vremya
this morning, which says the United
States is naturally much Interested In
the declaration that foodstuffs are
; contrabandyand. points out, that^rlce
l was r made "contraband "during the
i FrancorChinese war. The. paper says
i it is extremely, difficult ¦ to draw the
[line, once the prohibition of war food
i supplies is broached, but it expresses
! the hope rthat.it will be 'possible,: even
in the face of the difficulties existing,
that some way may be found of meet
.ing the wishes of the United States In
.this* direction. The Novoe Vremya
published a 'leading editorial, entitled
"The- Discretion of the Washington
Diplomats," which says: •
! "This is -all the .more. agreeable, as
"the Washington. State Department has
• not always observed • such Judicious
ness when dealing with Russia. -This
time Secretary Hay, according to the
dispatches, has taken the- considera
tion of the seizure of -American goods
[bound for Japan with circumspection,
endeavoring to avoid -raising side .is
•suesahd keeping. 4n view the.- sole-ob
ject of- assuring protection for* Amer
ican trade in the .Ear. East,, to the ex
tent permitted. by. international. Jaw In
time of war." ' "'
United States.
Russian Press No Longer Distrusts the
FRIENDLY SPIRIT RESTORED.
.RUSSIAN GENERAL WOUNDED.
Dekinlln Among Those lilt by Bullets
¦ . j, at Slmoucheng.
ST. PETERSBURG. Aug. 6.— The
army organ to-day published the
names of the officers killed or wound
ed July 31 and August 1, showing
that seven were killed and forty
wounded, including General Dekinlln,
commanding the Thirty-first Artillery
Brigade. In addition eight officers are
missing -and one officer died from sun
stroke.
General Fukushima Imperiled.
NEWCHWANG, Aug. 6. — Russian
spies made an attempt to destroy the
railroad . bridge near Yingkow • this
morning. They were frustrated by
Chinese . railroad employes. General
FukushJma was supposed to be on a
train about to cross the bridge.
Knight Commander Condemned.
VTlADIVOSTOK, Aug. 6. — The prize
court yesterday adjudged the sunken
steamer Knlghf Commander and its
cargo a lawful prize.
Orerworked Rumor Again In Service.
NAGASAKI, Aug. 6. — It is reported
here that Port Arthur has been cap
tured, by. the- Japanese . . :
Callfornlans In New. York.
War News Continued on Pago 23.
NEW YORK. Aug. 6. — The follow
ing Callfornlans have registered In
New York:
From San Francisco — C. Anderson,
at the Parkr Avenue; -A: H: Autz, at
the Belvedere 'House; C. A. -Baker, j at
the. Cumberland; Miss A. G. Buckley,
at .the St. Denis; C. A. Chase, at the
Grand Union; Miss B. S. Forrest, at
the. Park Avenue; Mrs. W. B. Frue, at
the Navarre; Mrs. H» Heynemann and
W. Heyneman, at the Netherlands T.
J. Kelly, at the St. Denis; C. H. Lym*
berg, at the Cadillac; J. S. Mack, at
the Marlborough; F. L. McClellan, 'at
the Imperial; W. Muir, at the Astor
House; Miss F. Perrin, at the Na
varre; Mrs. C M.^. Walker, at the- Park
Avenue; H. Bullock, at the Albert; C.
A. -Chase, at--th« ,-Qrand Union;: Mi
Cohen, at the Metropolitan; E. New.
man,- at the Herald Square;. E. . C"
Niitcheiv at- the NormantJIe,- ancd r Et
Reiss, at the. Hotel Albert. ; t ¦-¦ • ».
From Lo» Angeles— -4.- S. "Rodman*
at the^ Astoria; C. -E.-i Usher,, at^the
Astor; F. M. -Brown,- at the Murray
Hill,- and A. M. JF. McCullough,' at the
Imperfal. ":...• • .' " .'
Alien Labor Bill Is Passed.
OTTAWA, Ontario. Aug.' 6. — The
alien labor bill, introduced by Secre
tary William Mulock. was read a third
time and passed the House to-day.
i PARIS. Aug 6. — The general com
ma.riding- the French forces In Ton-
Qujn^ French Indo-China, having rep
resented'that the frontier posts are In
sufficiently guarded and asked for
C00O men, the Government has de
,c!ded i to send reinforcements,, of
which a contingent will sail from Mar
sel}lesv;!to-morrow. The reinforce
ments, are Intended to overawe the
Boxers;*^who are contemplating a ris
ing. ;.:/;¦
Border of Indo-China.
Anticipates a Boxer. Rising on the
? FI^lXfcE SENDING TROOPS.
The battle was resumed_ hotly on
the morning of July. 31. The Japanese
tried to envelop the Russian left, but
were met by a division of a brigade
posted especially in expectation of this
movement and were driven back with
loss.
•General Mi3tchenko had a hot fight
on the Russian flank. His cavalry at
tacked the Japanese, inflicting heavy
loss, and retiring safely to its former
position. •
-Toward evening the. Russians
tapped the Japanese heliograph com~
munication and found that the Jap
anese were preparing : for a flank
movement. Lieutenant General Zassu
lltch extended his flank companies and
headed off the movement.
A battery coining to the supTpbrt of
the Russians turned the tide of} battle
and silenced he Japanese. : guriS, .t qvlv,
of which were dismounted. The Jap
anese then retired from their posi
tion and with- the remainder of their
forces attacked •' and pressed, other
points of the Russian lines, creeping
up through the Kaolin fields tp> within
4Q0 yards of the Russian trenches..
They lost heavily. The Russians,'- how
ever, did not suiter, except from the
extreme heat.
better range. _ the ..Infantry, .'.racing,
across the Russian zone 'of -ftre-tcr'se
cure a post nearer-to the, ridge on, the
Russian right. Many -fell d.urlng f " the
advance, but the remaln&ler' gallantly
pressed on and gained, the cover- of
the ridge. The battery? followed,, gal
loping forward recklessly. There was
no fault to find witri;,the .. Japanese
snooting from the new position, from
which they concentrated, -their .shell
and rifle fire on the Russians, 1 .com
pelling the latter to fall battle 150
yards to better cover. • *
uniform .made a fine target, laughed
and slipped from his horse and walked
t6 the front of the battery Just as a
shrapnel shell burst. :.He died within
two minutes after being wounded.
The ratiWay carriage in which hi3
body was brought here was profusely
deporated with evergreens and wild
flowers gathered by his men as a last
tribute to their commander.
Continued From Page 21/r'Cphnnn 4."
THE SAN 'FRANCISCO CALL/-- /SUNDAY,^AUGUST. 7, 1904.
IMMENSE ARMIES LINE UP
FOR THE BATTLE TO DECIDE
THE MASTERY IN MANCHURIA
22
GRAND OPENING
*llew FalTTnd Winter
ALL, WOOL. SUIT-
INGS ln all shades to
order for $15 »nd *2O
and $25, ?27.."iO and
i'lne Imported English
novelties to order for
trou«er» W to 51O
Overcoats from
915 to
Full dress «uita from..
*:io to ?so
Vf4H%-t Tou wnl sav * 23 to 40
If J0EP0HE5M
Jf ffi The Tailor
~_ J "^2^ Perfect fit and beet of
TcorlanatiFhtp guaranteed
or no sale.
201 SXo&tromery Street. Corner Bush.
1110 a&d 1113 Market Street.
SAzr PEAircisco.
I« S. Eprlnr Street. Lo« AnrelM.
EDISON
Gold Moulded Records
Reduced «3»5C Each
Concert Records - - - 75c Each
PETER BACIGALUPI
Edison Phonograph Agency
Headquarter* for til* Pacific Coaat
7S6-7S8 Mission Street, San Francisco
Open Saturday Evenlnji.
CBBBBBBEBBIBBBBBBBBBBQ
i'TheOCDLARIUM" |
C Photo Department E3
5 Aug. 17. from 2 to 5 p. m.. Invites 2
•¦ the public to a demonstration of "*
3 Velvet VeloxS
n Developing and Printing. S
p Bring your own negative. n
I HENRY KAHN & GO. s
Jj 642 MARKET ST. g
Every Woman
/o'.'m^J ' v'v." \ V * I* ln'-ereeicd and choold know
R!«^ l lsSfflH MAR VEL Whirling Spray
Art yvtr trmrrimt for 1U \-. Jiff s*^^^-~
M A«vi:i.. acVipt no \Sr% f WyP\jt-^
other, but send uvnp for w t /t5fe!r"
: l!o »:r»t*-a book -*n\r*. Ittlret X\ / "'•Wf
(all parUcal»n and direction! Id- t- ';, I B
nluaUMcU.fi MAKVIXCO,,*^/,,, V
«1 1'arklUin, Jen Vork.
JC2 New Montgomery. Ban Francleco. C*L
\\;:!:iUTi U«tter«ith (Ladles' Dept.). 224 Sattcr
1,'nion Drug Co.. 400 gutter and 100 Stockton.
Ottrool Iirother«...7th and Broadway Oakland.
Baldwin Thariaacy Hj EllU
PPTTQUT7Q F0R BA^BERS. BA-
brewers, bookbinder*, cxndy rna.kers, canners,
«yers. ¦ Oour mills, tonsdrles, laundrlea. paper-
hangers, printers, painter*, the* factories,
rtablemca. tar-roofers, tanner*. Ullora. etc.
BUCEASAH EBOB>
Bntih Mannf actoreri. 609 Sacrammto St.
SJbMiU&sM MENANDWQMElt.
nMpTCSEVVH Use Bird for cnsatcr&J
J33W H I to h UTtXM <!l«ch»rc«t,;nll»nnnMloBt,
EXSuSg ttniuua h trritktiout or olcentlooi
ntti toiu ttrUtsr*. cf Bacons nimbriSH.
g~3 rr«uto(«i»»iM. Pain>«i, and Dot aitrla-
Rvrt^^TlKSCtftWCrCfl. p«nt or pol«onotjt.
ta«?fc 0OKIUTl,Cffi^ **1* by DracirliU,
¦rWilj^i jTM try ezprm*. prepaid, fat
T&nMB&B&B%Pm •I-00. orSbotU««»2.7ft.
. ' — ~^ m ' cixcaiftr mu oa tnawt
'_ o . ...,„.-.,-. ADymrrisEMEXTs. ; :;^_ _ '.^ ._;=._ _ . _ . : _ '_ ¦¦¦_¦¦ '- : -[ ..¦;- -,-.,..-.
,.>a«r- •' ~ m ~ -~>r*. ~*-~~ — - ¦ 1 -i,f^_np^.j.r.ni |ii i'ffiMi ' >« -¦¦"¦-'--¦'¦'¦¦'¦i |t " ' ¦¦¦wwre",, ¦"¦ ' ¦^r_-mi li T i JrjuiMLV.i | "j | i"V'^'*"—i i 111 iiinm inimiii nn»' 'nuimam
a booa to tome stehcts. hive y^^ '')k\ n§^^T^B^^SC[?PTf^Pjf^85^w»s • f ¦ W* uininj?"room 2nd kitchen in-
rr.ade this dcpirtmcnt more effective than flJfcTOr^ W .ifliilKr^Wrimi ¦ lm J.^jiiS^^^^CT 4v^*»^V^l eluding 3. Rc^al RaiT^C * COril-
Y<3tJR CREDI1r ; :i iSifGOOB ! : ¦
No. 1— DRESSER. Solid oak, golden finish. No. > 3— ENAMEL BED. Heavy uprights. Grace- No. 5— SHAVING STAlfo. Oak or.^mahog-
Quartcred top. Bevel plate mir- <Ct7 RH " ful filing,* tied with brass rosettes. Angle . any. finish. Bevel French plate ffi | TA
ror. Piano polish. Price •pif.W j rO n end and side rail. Price tfC -IK mirror. Roomy drawer. Price iSl I.pU
J)J.fD No. &— DINING. TABLE., Solid oak, golden fin-
No. 2.— MANTEL FOLDING BED. Solid oak, •¦..•¦-¦•........... - h Box top. 6 ft. draw. yigh-. CQ £f\
golden finish. Top decorated with bevel No < -4-COMBINATION BOOKCASE. Solid * jgj^M^fgi •,.,,"¦
olate mirror Tomolete with «.m. f n wir^ oak, golden -finish. Ample room for books. No. 7— CHINA CABINET. Solid oak, weather-
plate mirror. Complete with woven wire Conveniently divided writing desk. Maga- ed. Wood selected for its -beautiful grain.'
mattress. Fnce ....._..... « CIO OC zine cabinet. Beautifully fin- %.1O Cf) Thoroughly well made. Price.. <C17 I 7C
The fall designs are marvelous combinations of A —^ w*. «***»* ** \ No color scheme that we cannot carry out
color, ranging: from the gorgeous effects of the fT^ J\ WB ||i?T^^ The mills of the world contribute to our vast
Oriental to the soft delicate shades of the French % >B />f B^^^4^ j[^# Jy display. These few items are listed as a . guide
design. t o our l O w^ prices. ' . .
VELVETS 2? P $.^L p^p«fA e 90c Excellent Tapestry Brussels ?]&!;. Agate Pro=Brussels
Hall^and stair carpet to match. Designs «p suitable for bedrooms or country homes
suitable for any room ln the house. Per yard, /3C Some choice designs. Per yard «/»/W
EXCLUSIVE WAOF VEI VETC I^> v ers of th« made, laid and lined .-...¦... • V V . * ¦ ',
LI "S J ° «J ., V , , K "- ? - -•" Extra Onalitv of Brussels Superior Quality of Axminster -I-|:;
pleased with the soft blending of colors <r> + 4 n LAlia yliaillj Ul 111 USowld Jj f o °t J.^Z -ci i-«i « a x> t ". , pile.
$i.io 90c ffl^^f^g.^^ $1.25
*****r*^ • ¦-...- - •"¦ _g* - j,i
lX ., ,2 Saxj. Francisco, Sunday, 7 August, 10W.
All we ast- is -$12.75
¦;;V^ \'A~ price that^noorie is going to object to if a
chiffonier of this sort is needed. Made of maple fin-
.: ished natural color, and contains five drawers and
cabinet, besides oval mirror. Measures 74 inches
high and" 34 inches wide. 'Maple is a very popular
finish. for. bedroom furniture.
. We are as particular about the kind of mattresses
we sell as you are about the kind you sleep on. Of
course, a hair mattress is the best, but we also have.
; cheaper ones that are absolutely sanitary and ex-
ceedingly comfortable. Priced as low -as $3.50.
:' (Formerly the California Furniture Co.)
i| 261 to 281 Geary St., at Union Square
ADVERTISE^rENTS.
B.KATSGH1NSKI
§ . Philadelphia Shoe Co. |
I IOJKIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO I
Adjoining Call BtilldLa?. !
I GREAT VALUES
H Attend our sale this week! "We 1]
D have made immense - reduc- 1}
U tions in all our departments. Ele- I]
N pant values sacrificed to reduce Sj
fj summer stock. Our genuine re- B
fj ductiona are the kind to interest if
a you because they save you money. If
U Come early and get a bargain that I]
i| is right up to date ln appearance. I]
II Special leader this week: Babies" U
j Vicl Kid Button and Lace Shoes, Ij
1 made with cloth or kid tops, hand- Sj
H turned soles, neat shaped toes and [I
H tips and circular vamps and heel It
M foxir.es in black, tan or red vicl I
M kid. The regular $1.00 quality. ||
g SALE PRICES TKZS WEXSX: |j
l\ Infants' sizes, 1 to 3 H 23c K
1 Child's sires, with spring sj
H heels. 5 to 8 33c I!
H Widths A and B. []
I SMALL FEET LUCKY I
n Bis bargains for small feet: Q
N Ladles' Vici Kid Button and Lace tf
3 Shoes, made with kid or cloth 2
fl tops, light or medium weight m
H soles, coin toes and tips and mill- m
B tary or low French heels. $2.50 rl
B and $3.50 values reduced for this g|
H occasion to A pair !>5e
?j Sizes 24 to Wit. "Widths AA to H
§ BIG REDUCTIONS I
DA genuine snap while they last: I
g Children's. Misses' and Young La- I.
a dies' Kid and Cloth Top Button U
3 and Lace Shoes, made with neat kl
H extension soles, modern coin toes I
3 and tips and circular vamps or ( ;
9 straight foxings. We have them M
a in black, chocolate and red vld I
p kid. Widths A to D. ||
¦ REDUCED FSOM Sl<60 A2TD S2.00. I j
3 Child's sizes. 6 to 11 G5c
H Misses' sizes. 11% to 2 T*** 5
U Young Ladles' sizes. 2% to S..5>5c
§ FIVE STRAP SANDALS
H This season's popular novelty:
i A fresh lot Just received. Chll-
j dren's and Misses' Five-Strap Pat-
la ent Leather Kid Sandals, mad*
H with hand-turned soles, neat' plain
m coin toes, circular vamps and heel
fl foxlngs and dull finished mat kid
<] tops. Widths B to £>. Extremely
J dressy.
| CUT PBXCSS THIS WXEBX.
H Child's sizes. 5 to 8 81.15
« Child's sizes. 8% to 11 81.4O
| Misses' sizes, 11 vj to 2....81.6O
I NEW CUBAN HEELS
f| A new style at a bargain price:
«J Ladies' Three-Strap Patent Leath-
S er Kid Slippers, made with hand-
B turned* soles, new plain cotn toes.
i| circular vamps and blight ' kid
'I quarters and dressy. Cuban heels.
i A beauty for dress occasions.
II Sixes 2% to 7%. Widths A to E.
i EEDXTCED SALE PSXC32. .81.35
ti -wtatt. OSDEBS TXLIiED. r
B. KATSCHINSKI
rl 10 THIBD ST^ San Trandsco.
Prescription? 34,408 and 7.
GUASAHTtSS CXTRX rOB Jf 33 *;
HABaiI.i:S5 XWJECTIOH. Cures ordinary
cases ln a few days. Warranted to cur«
worst cases. SO O7SIS T3EAT3CBS*
EEQUIBE3>. Prevents and Cures Strto-
tures. PBEVEHTS COSTAQXO3. Harm-
less. $2.00 for both bottles. For sale only
r. 3. KELLTS ggAgamCV. 1U2 Eddy.
WeeHy U $1.00 ytv
ADVERTISEMENTS. I'*,"*?* :r '
jfjyf "•";¦¦• v' KM^f ncnt mus 'cal critics, com-
•¦*W v^'= ¦'¦'¦ ¦''•'-''" llJl^-^^^/ poscrs anc^ P^nists place the
'•"MY' \ \^''- : '-' '^j^^^^^^jl Iason Hamlin piano . }
•¦'V\ \\ Y^'-^^h8ShB^*^^^X a^ ove a^ other pianos in .7
•"¦\\ \ • vNjii i^^2Sw^^^^^^^ ¦ po^ nt °* superior qualities. r
¦;-\NJ /H^^\~^^^^^^fw II 1S unc J ucstionabl y a P ecu * 1
••.l&ak(\\'. joJfcS^^^^^^/ liarl y n »& h - class production"
L'*Jr^\* '" iitM»^-^Kp/.: and is not outranked by any
£>l# other similar instrument., i
)&f ' Among those who give tin- vt
M\ \^ VN \ qualified and unstinted \\
KM V*1**^ ' -!&£Egsgr*- ''"¦'¦"• praise . t0 .' th e Mason &
j$?B*&^jrT{£"F^^^ •' old. Baur, Moritz-Moszkow- '
(Cfe^^W^* 1^ ' ' ski ant^ Emil Bauer. Where
$&&$? '• : • can you find more distin- :
(ref «f,f. n *u -i TL- ' • '• guished or capable -.judges J/
lj/ tnan these? Their opinions ought to 'be an aid to you in se- I'
. lecting a piano. Our special proposition to you Will make if /
W easy for you to own a Mason & Hamlin piano. See us \ h
The Wiley B. Allen Go., i
j 931-933 MARKET STREET, San Francisco. .1
g^« Oakland, San Jose, Sacramento, Eureka, Pr««no and San Slero.; When .Queen Alexandra heard how
the moles •were* destroying crops -in
Wales ! she ordered a moleskin muff.
They, becarneHhe rage, and the moles
are - nearly exterminated.
A . traveler stopped at the gate of a
fine country mansion and said to a
grave-looking person smoking on the
porch:
"Sir, will you be good enough to tell
me if this is the road to Cowburg?"
•'It is," was the. reply.
-» "And may I inquire the distance?"
"Ten miles."
The traveler thanked him and passed
on. Several hours later he returned
and the grave-looking man was still
there, smoking. W»TOJWRgpggjg
"Sir," -said the traveler, "you must
be : aware ' that eight miles from here
on the Cowburg road is a river which
It is. Impossible to swim and which has
neither ; ford, ferry nor bridge. Why
did you not tell" me?"
"The matter was not before me," re
plied the other» /'As to your ability
to cross a" river of that kind, I was en
tirely willing to hear argument."
The , grave-looking man was a Judge.
—Philadelphia Record. . .
Had the Judicial Mind.
Oppressing truth never suppresses it.
There Is no sacrament without ser
vice. .^;, ;
Sonoma Pioneer Dies.
SANTA ROSA, Aug. 6. — Byron
Monday Minor, a well known- pioneer
of '49 of Sonoma and Colusa counties,
died here this afternoon.
, m , •¦-¦¦ • ¦
Of .the $676,023,592 wages paid by
railways of the United States, 2 per
cent goes to general office's, 15 per
cent to other officers, engineers and
conductors and 83 per cent to the
other employes.
SALINAS, Aug. 6. — The Democratic
primaries selected delegates to the
county convention to-day. Very little
interest was manifested, there being
no opposition In any precinct. r\
Primaries In Monterey County.
The runner who sets out on a two
mile race usually passes through two
distinct stages of exhaustion. In the
first quarter, if the pace be fast, he
feels the first symptoms of breathless
ness—the throbbing temples, the surg
ing in the ears and the tightness about
the chest that makes so many men
drop out before completing half the
distance. This might be called acute
fatigue, but if he can keep on the dis
tress passes away. The heart and
lungs work a Htle harder and aft last
succeed in catching up with their task
of purifying the increased stream of
sewage brought" to the lungs by the
blood, to be carried off in the form of
gases by respiration. The distress dis
appears from the face, the lungs seem
to regain the power to expand and a
crushing weight appears to have been
lifted from the chest. The head be
comes clear and the muscles act with
renewed vigor and elasticity. The man
has got his second wind. — Outing.
Gettlnc Second Wind.
, Mrs. Charles Warner of 768 Harri
son Btreet created a scene yesterday
in the jewelry store of Paul Garan at
138 Montgomery street. She accused
the proprietor -of witholding from
her a diamond earring valued at $150.
The woman informed the police that
she left, two earrings with Garan a
week ago and that when she called
for. them yesterday he gave her only
one. She became slightly hysterical
and wanted the jeweler arrested. Ga
ran produced several witnesses to
prove that she left but one earring.
After she became quieted Mrs. War
ner decided not to make any charge
against the jeweler.
Accuses Jeweler of Theft.
A gentleman, who, from a casual In
spection, had no other visible means of
support than . the bench he sat on In
Franklin Square was seen feeding the
sparrows the other day with little
pieces of bread. The fat and greedy
birds came promptly and ate vora
ciously while the t feast lasted, and still
hun£ around when it was over. Then
the host fished in a pocket of his scant
clothing and pulled out a handful of
a powder composed of about equal
parts of tobacco dust and bread
crumbs. When he threw this down it
Clever IJttle Sparrows.
Miss Adams went with her parents
and a young man name Richards to
fish along Yellow Bank. The breakers
were unusually high and tone swept
her from a rock. Richards hurried to
a dairy camp near by 'and -procured
a rope, but he did not arrive in time
to save the life of the young woman.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 6— Mis3 Grace
Adams, daughter of the Rev. P. R.
Adams, was drowned this morninsr at
the mouth .. of I.iddell Creek. The
parents of the young woman wit
nessed her struggles, but were power
less to render assistance. ...-;* ...
Rock and Aid Cannot
Reach Her.
Breakers Sweep Miss Adams From
YOUNG WOMAN DROWNS
IN PRESENCE OF PARENTS
The Gaelics could play only eight
men, as most of the passengers and
the officers and crew were British sub
jects and thought a game of cricket
would be more in keeping with the
holiday they were to enjoy on the lit
tle sand inlet. However, as the base
ball fans pointed out the fact that
Midway bore aloft on its one flagpole
the Stars and Stripes and that, under
the circumstances, the national Amer
ican game should be in order, baseball
was the game decided on. So with
only eight men they played the game
and won a victory.
HONOLULU, Aug. 2.— News of the
second game of baseball played almost.
In the center of the Pacific Ocean has
arrived from Midway Island, where,
on July 28, the steamship Gaelic team
defeated a nine made up of United
States marinas and cable employes.
The Gaelic was at Midway awaiting
orders to proceed to Japan and CrHna,
depending on the position of Skryd
lofTs fleet-
American "Fans" Insist on the
National Pastime.
British Subjects Propose' Cricket, bat
TARS AND MARINES PIiAY
BALL. ON MIDWAY ISIiAND
The hottest fighting began at day
break of July 27. The battle tiommenced
under the rays of a scorching sun. The
Russian risht wing was compelled to
undergo the brunt of the terrific can
nonading. To this fierce fire the Rus
sians replied with deliberation. The
naval battery was again made the tar
get for the heaviest fire,, and it was
evident that; the Japanese were trying
to sjlence the most dangerous Russian
position.
As the day wvre on the accuracy of
the Japanese fire increased. In the
meanwhile the Russian infantry, pas
sive witnesses of the artillery duel, lay
in their trenches awaiting an attack.
They were well protected and - but a
few shells fell among them.
At 9 o'clock volley firing gave warn
ing of the Japanese assault, which fol
lowed swiftly. As the Japanese infan
try advanced the Japanese artillery flre
slackened somewhat, but the Russian
batteries^ replied with increased vigor,
while the Russian riflemen volleyed
rapidly.
For- an hour the Japanese advanced
intrepidly in the face of a fire which is
described as a thousand volleys in sim
ultaneous eruption. The Japanese ad
vance against the Russian right wing
ceased and the Russians cheered, but
at this moment news arrived from Gen
eral Stoessel,' the commander In chief,
that the terrific pounding to which the
Russian right wing had been subjected
was nothing more than a mask to cover
the concentration of Japanese troops
preparatory to an attack on the Rus
sian left wing, of which "Wolfs Moun
tain was the key. General Stoessel
commanded the presence of Major Gen
eral Kondratenko, who mounted his
horse' and at once started to join the
commander in chief. After having rid
den a short distance Major General
Kondratenko was compelled to choose
between two roads, one long and safe
from the fire of the enemy, the other
short and leading through a shell-swept
valley.
"God favors the brave," remarked
tho general, and he and his staff gal
loped safely over the dangerous road.
At noon of July 27 the Japanese sud
denly ceased firing, and presently ob
servers with the aid, of field glasses
could see the enemy quietly eating rice.
After this the right wing was occasion
ally reminded of the presence of the
Japanese by the descent of a huge
shell, but the worst was over. In the
meanwhile the main attack, which,re
sulted in the capture of Wolfs Moun
tain, had been developed.
During the fighting of these three
days the : Russians "used telephones for
communication with all parts of the
field.
CHEFU, Aug. 6.— A newspaper pub
lished in Port Arthur and which was
brought in here to-day gives fragment
ary details of the recent heavy fighting
there.
The Japanese artillery opened a de
sultory fire on the afternoon of July 23.
That night the Russians slept on their
arms ln the trenches. They occupied, a
line sixteen miles long. ¦-
The next morning, July 26, the fog
cleared away at 6 o'clock and the Japa
nese then began tp fire along the entire
line. This fire was kept up until dark.
The Japanese marksmanship was more
accurate, showing that they had de
rived benefit from the practice of the
preceding day. Their heaviest fire was
directed against the batteries which in
cluded the twelve-inch naval guns.
Desperate . Charge of Japanese Upon
the Port Arthur Defenses.
FACE MURDEROUS FIRE.
The dispatch to the Bourse Gazette,
which Is dated Thursday evening, says:
: "There has been fierce fighting Tues
day, Wednesday and to-day. The Jap
anese made a vigorous attack on the
center of the Russian position at Huit
siatze. The enemy was fifty-four bat
talions strong, thirty-six of which
were regular troops and the balance
reserve men. General Kuroki employ
ed the reserve 'men in the attack, while
the regulars carried out tht feints in
tended to delude the Russians. The
reserve men attacked with desperation.
Their ranks were decimated by the
Russian fire' each time they advanced,
but the vacancies were quickly filled by
fresh men. The Russians ultimately
slowly retired to suitable positions,
whence they inflicted great losses on
the Japanese with heavy artillery fire.
The Japanese losses are estimated at
10,000 to 13,000. The Russian losses were
comparatively insignificant."
J ST. PETERSBURG, Aug. 6.— A dis
patch to the Bourse Gazette from Llao
yang says that another great battle has
been fought ln the neighborhood of
Hultsiatze, on the railroad, about four
teen miles west of the Liaoyang, in
which • the Japanese losses are esti
mated to have teen from 10.000 to 13,000
and the Russian losses - insignificant. -
Slav Artillerymen Are Said
to Have Inflicted: Great
Damage, While Their Own
Casualties Were Small
VICTORY RESTS
WITH RUSSIANS
Dispatch From Liaoyang Ee
ports Sanguinary Engage
ment and Places the Jap
anese Losses at 10,000 Men
BIG BATTLE
FOUGHT AT
HUITSIATZE
Love Is the great i power that
levels up.
The Oroyo Railroad, which now runs
from Callao to the gold fields of Cerro
de Pasco. is considered one of the won
ders in the Peruvian world. Commenc
ing in Callao, It ascends the narrow
valley of the Rimac. rising nearly 5000
feet In the first fifty-six miles. Thence
it goes through the intricate gorges of
the Sierraa till It tunnels the Andes at
an altitude of 15.643 feet, the highest
point in the world where a piston-rod
is moved by steam. Thi3 elevation la
reached in seventy-eight miles.
Highest Railroad Station.
was Imtnediatelv - surrounded by the
winged gluttons, but they did not at
once eat. eyed the stuff with
little sidewise turns of their heads, and
when they saw that nothing better
was forthcoming all but two flew away
without so much as a peck at it. The
two that remained, however, began
finally to fan the powder with their
wings, and in this way effected a sepa
ration of a few crumbs, which they
ate.— Philadelphia Record.
-THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', SUNDAY. AUGUST. 7, 1904.
23
ADY^ERTISEMEXTS." T
DEHnnBnaBBHnaBQnBnBCHHnBnHEHnBHffiHBBHOHHHOHHHB
I Handsome I
I Enamel Beds!
I S?^ ¦ I Cash,. Or {
: Little <tt> a 1
! iillp D Time i
s • I r ** jr *"vim ¦••¦
§ If you are looking for a bed that is both clean and com- 0
H fortable, call in and see our immense stock in all the latest 5
a colors and designs, and lower in price than anywhere on the j
2 coast.- ' . ' '.;- , ,' : b
g ; We belong to no combine and, as we own our building B
c and pay no rent, give you the benefit- in low prices. . §
I ILARCEST STDCKl LOWEST PRtCESl |
: The J. Noonan Furniture Co; inc. g
g 1017-1023 MIS.SinM 5STPFFT Above Sixth. |
nEncHnnQHsnDHnnBHHDeQi3Enat.L3QBQBCDaBaaHaEaQHBBH
STATEMENT 1
— OF THE—
COXDmOX A3TD AFFAIRS
—OF THE—
CONNECTICUT MUTUAL
. LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HAKTFCRD. IN THE STATK OF
< c-j:^t;clu ra tha 31«t day of De-
eaaUr. A. l>. 1^03. er.d for tfc* >car endlag
oc L^eat car. cade to the losarazace CommH-
Ttaat-r of tli* State cf California, parsoant ta
i fc " q-:TT.fr.'j cf secSJao OS of tK — Political
Oxie or i«id Stale:
ASSETS.
2S<!t raise cf Eeal Estate Owned
. fcy tee Co=cpa=y XU^il.610 tO
> rr:-...r.T o< Lcaas vecnrM by Rood
- .34 JIartsaxe co Beal Estate.. %St.<UH
Afflrif.i of Lcavna •scored by ¦«
• pf«-^sre 3t IVi^d*. £:odta asd
«. l ?r n.-_-+r-j;b.t aecurltles aa
• • foUat*r=J 30.00009
..Prrsxiva octes cad loans fa any
fa«» ta«m |a paytacm of pre-
• wjnirs >m pcUrirs now la force. 3T7.221 a
Carh market vahie of ail Etorh.»
ac! Eoads o«M by tbe csm-
• t^cy XX3.O1T4
¦•*»«¦ or Casii drpemtted ta
• EaKts <Q!.r9O
isterer t dns the Ossoaay zad us-
, P 2^ 18T.C8M
Istrrvrt acrmrtl bat not tee 70.213 70
~3."«: aicount of pmnicms tn pro-
-- ¦— » •* «>CIeri3os. icd ot deferred
pniiuiiiiiis „ 358.73244
IterU *ie aal scaned... ...... U.143 S3
Tctals Assets $&L932.S&« S4
LIARIUnES. ~
CU2bs fcr «J-at h lumi i and nsa-
* ' ' tarrd tc&o%rtaatts, das «mi xin-
l*id 41Z.SK3Z
CUigJ tar «eato. laaaes sad ot-
tart-C meowjocaAM In imiMttm ot
mctzatmtsa. or adjestnl bat cat
*?- - 233J«3 00
Cliin:* re?iste4 by the Company. . IU.XM 00
liabajty caa tL^seA poUcies vbich
¦sar te KsrresKlcTed 123CS7 0O
3:n vescst \alse of all tbe o«rt-
•tandiuj: potidFs. ouB^ated ac-
•«^:» to the CombianA Exp-ri-
?at* T^M^s of Mortality aT"ili 4
per rest iateot S7.9U.313 CO
.Amort of ail u.-.ia Ui diridjcds to
pobcy boid^ra 1.152.02?) OS
AU other <LUbU!ttes 3S7tl74 3l
Totxl X^abOIUea $80303.142 »
INCOME. "
f^»«** recetred for prdaSmia on
l*™- poUoes tfrrtcs Use rear. ... (3S3.Z79 M
Caadi n-ce:T«J for renewal of pire-
• nrtcres tzrir.g t!ie year.. 4.32^187 07
Cash reodTc3 fcr lnttreat.. ... 2.4CI,11«<3
• Oksfc rtoe«ed for rests 63U94025
CazJi received from ail other
• tsums lft.C880t
Total Irum ................ SS.2S2.171 23
EXPEXDITC2ES. " "
Casfa vmH fcr losses and taalcred
retfovtilpsts $l.««.O75 S3
Ca-h i^mI to ananitanta. ......... 11.2CJ57
Casta te:< 'or «3rr«en<J*rp<J policies. S7k!tSS OT
Cash raid fcr dividends to policy
hclo>r» 1UOO.S11 4«
rommie^l-.-ns pej<3 to aj5>-ts 339.320 81
Salaries nrJl ether cotrpessatlon cf
officers ar.d frnpJcyes. except
agrcts tat. TEfilcal exajxlners. . IC8.3CI63
filarirs xa& travelinx ciaesavs of
• nasisen of ««ncj« 13 100 OS
-I'd I--*: exazr-Jners* feea asd sal- '
»rte» . 22.131 40
Os^h paJS Scr tastes 422.«45 28
i>ib p«l(! for rcob 4i«n 2O
A» cihcr cash payments (sped.
. M8.078Q
Tola' Czpesdltnres during
tt-s rear ja.233.43372
PREUICM-NOTE ACOOrOT".
1'rrr.iu:^ ootes add other prenUoin
<4jlie«tiona at beejnnint: or the
year 361X831 73
I'r-rr.iuir: notss acd other pretnlam
- ¦:b'!?»tioas recclred durlnr tb«
>««" '- 543 38
Total -_ 642.430 18
Reductions durlns lie year as followiT
Ajsrnnt of notes and otber pre-
mium oblizations used to pay.
mrfJt of losses and claims.... 118.913 99
Amount of notra and other irr-
iriuxu obliratiocs twil in pur-
•. • . h^re or surrendered policies.. 4.00S 00
Ainount ot TMjter aad otber pre-
mlum obligations used in pay-
u;«r:t of dividends to policy
. holders : 3L72OS1
• ' Amount or Dotes and other pre-
rr.rum oblieations voided by
lapse of policies B« 00
Aimunt -.f notes aad otber pre-
rr.!i::n obligations rcdeeajed by
maker in caili 9.317 2,
Total reduction of Premicnj.
Note Account $64 90893
B.l*«ee. note assets at red of the
•' r*&r _*S77.S21 2t
.•;•". JACOB 1^. CREE.VE. President.
HICRBEKT IL WHITE, Secretary
FubMTfbed and fworn to before me, this lCth
C*y of February. 1304.
NATUAN F. TECK. .Notary Pobllc.
A. K. P. HARMON,
District Superintendent of Agencies,
Booms 330-331-332 Kills Building,
¦ San Frnnclsco. CaL
(r
' WPJS£T St. *3f^!E£r
ADVKRT1SEMEXTS.
/^ V^X. H B "^ fl^ll W -.T* IT J r W TW T a/"^ Company ln 1S9O U now worth J32O.C0O.
j\ If H-^ r^ I \ B^jT | u\. I |%J fi ¥ C0f>t>cr Company la'sw** no*°worth ?wo!c«x
V/ M JL JEL^ 1\ M.U-S A^fll V-3. * 1 - 000 invested in Butte & Beaton Copper
Company In 1S(M! is now worth $56,C0O.
il.000 invested in the Wolv-rine Copp«r
- Company jn 1S03 ls now worth $56,000.
11.000 invested in tha Calumet Ac Mecla Cop-
Tl_. m« . * . . t y~» x^_r* J" <•*-»•« P er Com Pany »n 1SSO is now worth 578,500.
This Metal is the Greatest Producer of Gold p £;™ Sz?}?j* ?; n ?°™ Cotv " Com -
¦ r%» »J j • T if -'¦-¦' rvi • * it f- ••¦'. rr>i • $1,000 originally invested In tht Cobdw
Dividends in the funeral World To=day. Q r n Compaay ls now ™* »«»ooo.
' •'¦ ll.OCO originally Invested ln tht Cnttsd
, .. ' . 4 •' '- Verde Copper Company is now worm 11,000.-
The Diamond and Caldor Railroad Will Soon Reach SomePac "*r^^ c^ atoM
the Famous Cosumnes Copper Mine in El lSS 'Tew a rlT^l SoiSf ISSSS^
' from copper mines of a «iny!e county to Call-
Dorado County, Which Promises to ""¥£„„,•„ N(t M ,„„ _ Ci]1MW
* t. iu n« L i. £ t>i a it copper mine is greater than tha yearly Gross
be the Richest of Them All. • Out ' mt ot the worid.f«mou. Treadw«u Au-kl
gold mine. *
': -'-*»'¦ ¦ ¦ ' JM.1«W,WO was the output from one CallTor-
: ¦¦>'•¦¦¦£/:-¦¦ nla «-o Pl ,er mine for the year 1900. Th« net
profit from this one California copper mina for
California Copper Ore Rich In Oold and 1 "None of tha counties of ths Slope presents VMi w »» eight times the purchase prlc» of th*
Silver. more favorable conditions for mining and none property seven years ago.
.. . offers a wider or mow attractive field for A California copper property purchased «i*
«'Sd° with goW° L^'.rwer^wh^ areVb- mlnln * "terpri^." Th. value of the ores >ear S ago ior $lu.0CO U now produS : tS
£r n «3 e «. W by-pr"<H^ found ln « h « Coaumne, copper mine, la de- ««»«»« every thirty-sU hour^
almost if not quite, all clear pront. In fact scribed In ths Third Biennial (13th) Report of Twu copper mines of CaJifornU produc*
most of the copper properties now being ex- tho State Mining" Bureau, on page 88. as fol- dou^ le " much value" aa ail of tae oU welia
Unsively operat-d were originally worked as , ows: -ti,,. SC neral average of the ore U Oi combinetl.
SS2 e HS?ppfS l^^g^g^ SS»ra~?
that dilution. It. w..th.wmblnatlon«r the Jhe vein. width. Is very -r^iff " U " r t \ 0 ' tWs State produciag cop-
base metals that made • Q th ,f* r fav ° o l f™ t ' 0n T f," large and strong, and has been traced and £" minei^f I V * n -° UtpUt tTOnx tWu «P-
preclou, metal propositions «e- The Iocated a dIstance of three or four mlIe3 , Th f«f J?*™* h 0 ' *PV'oxlm»ttly J3.o0O.0w per m?
ordlnarv method 3 of extracting the P^lou. formatlon , s of the t favoraW( . cnaracte r; «ul v Mil? " d a ° lllun > »«rcaaaed the entire
metals lave failed, because of_ the _.P r .« e "^°' Tho weat wall Is in part porphyry and part fjo t PP ? r "."I" ln thi3 Stale ten >««-
the base metal. -But when ttiey er _ rk ' a granite, the east, slate and limestone, showing *f?- * nd , " r^ roduC< f * a - tJW - OOw during the flr «
as base-metal properties r base-meU! le- a contact vcjn ,, immediately between n " e /" n ™ ruh3 of tbe operation of it* smelter,
sult^ the gold and silver contents became by- |ln , t|v d sedimentary rocks, which i v f n f ' w , > tars »«« 310.wo-.waa paid on the
products of sutiicient richness to practically ind i eates per maneney groat depth, this Mountain copper property ln. this State and ror-
P ay all the costs of ra!n»n S . pelting -convert. fcelng fhe formation ', n wh| » h , » ' ; t and gJti^.-Btac. then the property ha. produced
JSo-H? 5SSS&S S5 bfr^arded a ° 3 P S^ «%£ «PP" mines of the Paciflc Coast are tat year earned a n^profli
perior to tooBeot.Rnyrth^BM^nitvieex- p TOf * sso \ Le C onte. the eminent authorty.- .Hundreds of other aimllar Instancea might
cept Arizona and the c 0 ™"^.^".'^ enter Tn say " that a c °PP er mIne wlth a granite for- *>• mentioned to show the enormous profl"
Into which the precious metals also enter in matlon at , ts basa „ slmply inexhaustible, tbat have been enjoyed by Investors la th.
the combination extensively. and that j ne bottom of a copper mine in cupper miaea of California.
; : .,/ pranite has never yet been "found. Some of The Rio Vista Gold and Copper Sllnlnr Com.
the earliest opened in this country, fifty years panywas organized ln January 130" under
ft ,,,. nl •Whv the Production of Copper ago. are still productive, with no signs of be- the laws of fcouth Dakota. * " *
season* way ,'.. - - T - « s.f.. coming exhausted very «oon. One of the old- The stock ia fully paid UD .-* .[, Mhl ,,,-
.rrom the SlUpWde Ore* I« a 8afar est co * per mine8 , n thl! world has been worked non-assessable. Soon after^ its oreanTi^tiin
Business Tban Qold Mlninr. for seven hundred years and has produced the company acquired the famous Cosumnes
" f > , . earch for 5C0.00O tons of copper., fifteen tons of silver Copper Mines, which it has since been d?vVl!
In tU« search for gold > on must search ror d d on^^artpr tons of gold, repre- oping and which it now owns i rrU tVZJ, , i ll
so small a particle in the great mass of. ma- t , ¦ , , 2 77.5CO.0C0. In 1900 a and unincumbered in Tny wav * "
terlal that yo ur^ ea ™ h lc be ??™Vn th'e avera« sIn!rIe wpper ¦ mine in this country yielded In order to enUrge their p^nt and rush th.
U e o d r^th^,s ha b > u^ ta fr k o•m f T-lcS to^l-fo"^ ton. of copper. wor, of connecting the^nTw"?.? S?, 1^
g Slneach 2000 pounds of rock, or • i'iiuhm It if^ \ , mi l e away « and P^Pare for the
SSS^W^J- -every =00O^r »O0C0 SV^ WtfSJ*
Pa h,TV^rcJ? is for large masses ot material; WJUlWIBIII ffl' 'tf._ J ' ii of * l r a3UT y sto <=k at 50 cents per shar*.
i« linked with far more than Us own ¦JS^TSSLl^ £ ; "\-«4»i-i : - :^V^r^SlSSSm k $ ° w^ n ? nJ $5 ° per month to ' 9 month.
' r a suVhur an^T iron attached to your needle EPQ#i^lBS^#t^rv^^SM d '^ h^ n tho , recP ' pt of your r '^ Payme^.
«• camior which needle of copper itself ls gL^J«§J|& -JlUKI -i' <^PHHI Purchasers of stock making full payments
vasUy larger than the needle of gold. Efeg^P^™" A - *A 3SI Th, Z' \ J "•'««* «J«o««nt.
Prnof n£ the greater success of copper pro- f^^^-yL^miT^"mL^^-.-^Sf-.:-'^^j^ Tfl( : directors of th^s above comrany ar« m«n
auction Is found In the fact that out of fifty- £^.U^»i^^fflr r, r , oml " en ' " bftth the P u °"c and commercial
nn million dollars (*51.000.CKX» paid asdlvi- W&S&*^^SlMMiMMl^^* 5 !^^ ' lfe , of California, well known all ov«r th*
SSrds by "he copper* gold, silver, lead, zinc KJ^^«a^ M ® $&lS&&!L&ii* State "2 cons « vative and trustworthy elti-
and aulcksnver mine, of the -.United States miCjQKl^^^ggBBI&r? • ""-..^"havj, been snr-ces.,ful In the conduct
fo- the year 1000. the copper mines paid , j ?. p Ir ™ n a K ? irs - Th^y are:
70 "per cent"' th^' total mining jj^tfJ8m : HWi|MMBla^BHPW^ Plat* Control'ler."?acramei!Vo!'c*[" ! ' 1 " t
dhidends were thus paid by copper properties. 1^^^ 7T»^^^RgB^KMJii^NH[ag A'ssMtan^'u"^ Vlee-PreiMeat
Becent DemsJid for Sulphide Ores. A r '' p-^^^ett ! ..Director
Only a few years ago these heavy sulphide p?^-^^jglj^^||^q^^^^g^| v S \VOODS.°. r C ° Urt> S * nt *
EHK'fF'S'iCfwJs^i SirsraK^^saSS-i p^p£<E!:: i EE i^g£
navrnents of Interest on Government bonds, Horace J. Stevens, the belt copper author* „"• B - "C2? Canning Co.. EmeryTllle. Cal.
anX many time, more profitable. lty In the United States, said In a recent M. >. NUTISE Director
As an Instance of the irreat demand for cop- article in the London Mining Journal: Chief Engineer State Board of Publlo
r>»r had the California "Wire Works been able "A careful review of the entire copper alt- "Works. Sacramento. CaL
tn nrocure the metal in, California the Pacific uatlon In Europe, as well as ln America, and They have pledged their honor to Insure pr>-
rahii recently laid - from San Francisco to "with due regard to the various sources of sup- tectlon to the smallest "tockholder and an-
Manila.- would ' have been manufactured here ply, ¦ leads .to the belief thatthe present sltua- honest division of th» profits with all who Join
i ?••wi of in Encland. tlon."of the metal Is sound, and that under them in this enterprise.
ln ? tc ¦ . --.- . normal conditions advancing prices may be Tnth this block -of stock this company pr»-
-...- -¦... . ,'. looked for. ¦ The United States produces more s»nt» vour last opportunity to come in on th*
st « t,e Mineralojrlsrt Keports on Cosnxnnes than one-half of the entire world's copper rround floor of a proposition with dividend*
•r"* . _ Mine."' output." in ulsht. controlled and operated br mra of
V. T , "' : ¦ _; ' . • '¦ unimp*«cbar>»* Intetrrttv. if vou will Invest!-
State Mineralogist Lewis EAubury. in the : eat^ you will be convinced.
-Copper Resources of California, .says of El pacts and Pig-area Ccncernlnr Invest- For prospectus and fnrth»r particulars call
Dorado County, where are situated the mines - ments toCopper Stocks • on cr nWn.« F. H. Hood, secretary, room
of the Rio A'ista Gold and Copper Mining Com- , ,^T ,v > v "C. Chronicle Buildlnjr. corner Market and
aany: ' ;.¦ Lf- v r, 1 - .- *, . $1000 Invested !n the Tamarack Copper Keamy streets. San Francisco. CsX «
* aBBIBB BBBBBBBaaaaBaHaBaBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBl '
. Our Fall Patterns MM' ¦ S :
. Are Now Ready •" . W£K :J '
ranged in Ion- rows of drapes, f - ffife^lvl^^^^^SJ^S //
brown and gray. Each will be \vorn,_ ; :^^|^--^ •*•
but everything points to gun metal ¦ ll^l^^^^ll^^^ "^"•"T
Whichever your choice is, you ' /^
czn find a pattern suited to your /¦?*>; n,.^*. \W^?'T&Msz£&Bmi&$'
taste at the price you wish to pay. ' J /^y^<> . -^^SJHSl^l^P^^^
I SPECIAL ! =sMWnnn^ 111 i MAIL ORDERS
For Monday end Tuesday only-Men's W / |fyUU^)| \J Out-of-town Customers should
Bath Robes, reltUar $4.00. velues for ' " ' \ write for self- measuring blank and
$1.85 740 Market Street and Mttple$t
» i Corner Powell and Eddy
, ADVERTISEMENTS-
PE.RU-N4 COMQUERS DISEASE
WHILE DOCTORS DISAGREE
St?Tro?. n N[ f :. Deputy* VrLd° n Cn e i" \^S^^BS^^^^^S\( , Prc^ °\ N< Wllllam3 ' Professor of Mu-
Ranger, Foresters of America, writes:.. |l^^^^a^|^|^^pJ^^^^^f/ ? * ° a . nd InstrUH »«»UJ, Merango,
trouble. I was a physical wreck and Ufa E BBttBflfeid^Hi mil " Wltn m / manifold duties I am often
looked very gloomy, but Feruna came to my I/M-' $ ' BHlpTOMH Mil compelled to resorts medicino in order t3
relief and made anew man of me, and now Iffi* %,fi * J ft -- '^^^|^^\U " k ** P " P m/ h * alth a " d stren 9 th > and ° f tf >*
fife looks very different and I gladly testify /(if. -¦ "--'sW \ .flPl.S&TwlV ma " y rer ? edles * nav * taken oil hava been
io the merits of Peruna, hoping that some 'r™™W\MW\ J 1f[FE«K*&S*/A found wantin 9 "cept Peruna. and that
one who is afflicted will read this and w/jffg^g^ '""""^^T^S^ seems to Ct the requirements of my casa
cured."— Henry, £. Moss. ' \V- - KYTY^^^^^^^Vyn) " flC ' ;/ " A. deranged liver and bad stomach.
- ¦ . : . . Vs//vs/i^^*^^\ v y^^^r^>\ JJ combined with loss of appetite and sleep.
difflcJlS^n^ha^offe IgESFSo- — ¦ = O~ e^ n » **•
fair trial is unfortunate indeed. To be ¦»*_ fiw ,.. fl T i v ln»-stori a orominent "However. Peruna soon proved to ma
rSSSlftatt fooTsh a^to^ha^tS^y/ lo*?AnSS that it was tha madicina and put ma on my
a C s r h U i n o^ 3 XiM? fWe? SJ^q^S g^^wLhSn T g^TfolSS? '"' '» ° fortn '^' ' ™ enthusiastic in
try quinine, or to have a broken bone and BuIldln »' Washington. D. C. as iouows. pra ; aa »_p p f 0 « Williams
not allow the doctor to set it. "I do not hesitate when I see a friend or P ra '™- rr ° r - «¦ *• nuiiams.
rJSfS 1 ??. 0 ? 8 ?fi be so " nlversa »y acquaintance suffering from a cold thatjs — —
arXrtfonl^^utTo^chro^ic^tha^"^ stubborn and threatening to become chronic _ . m> .
a««,in« th?t awone affld^offiiu. to to recommend Peruna. It relieved me from heffitS'tTtve M te°suSSntairt5
suffer on with such a persistent malady, a long and distressing catarrhal trouble proprietary medicines for publication
neglecting to take a remedy that is sure. and brougbt back the str ength tha disease This remains true to-day of most propr^
A Diplomat's Letter. *** taken away. I recommend it as a cure g"*™ d £!^?ff SrnS*.™ kn^™
Dr W Godfrey Hunter IT <? Xfint«»<. r and a tonic that cannot be surpassed. — so many people of high and low stations.
W^Ss^^iS^ GeOrge 9Si ° n ' ! Pr^Tecr^ln^Veru^ 1118^ 10
SnfixicSwritesi SSl A Congressman Praises Pe-ru-na. tar p r e h ru r n e a me S dy Of t a ca I
ned that your Peruna Is an efficacious Hon. G. R. Brown. Martinville. Va.. ex- systole catarrh remedy known toThi
remedy for catarrh, as I and many of my Member of Congress. Fifth District. 50th medical profession
W r Hu a n V tPr Af" r, eneflted by " S U3G - Congress, writes: "I cheerfully give my A fr e b<«k on catarrhal ailments
XV. G. Hunter M. D. indorsement to your Peruna as a cure for written by Dr " Hartman the pnmZS
taSsss^ffl^^Jssi l-ipkSbiiBSi:Dow Sanford, a Burtville character,
took from his pocket a loaded revolver
and was showing it to a would-be pur
chaser In front of the Davidson store
when the gun prematurely exploded.
Ruby Eddy, the clerk of the store, had
just been showing a waist In the sho-.v
window to a customer and had stooped
to tie her shoe, placing her foot on the
round of a chair to do so. The heavy
ball crashed through the big glass of
the west. window, shattering it, passed
between the young woman's <knee and
her bosom as she leaned forward and
smashed itself asrainst the iron frame
of the paperholder.. Bystanders thought
the young woman was injured, as she
was right in the line of the bullet and
she seemed about to collapse, .but a
lucky Providence had saved her and
it's generally believed that should she
fall in the river hereafter«he wouldn't
get wet.— Port Alleghany (Pa.) Re
porter.
Providentially Conducted.
In singles MacGavin and Murdock
furnished the best match. • Murdock
won the first set. 6—4. In the second
pet MacGavin let out his drive and
Murdock got only one game. The score
Nearly all of the tennis cracks com
menced practice yesterday for the Sep
tember tournaments. At the California
Club courts Percy Murdock and Drum
mond MacGavin were out for the first
Uir.e in se\eral weeks. They played
four fast sets with Frank Mitchell and
Harry Rolfe. After the first set the
latter played good tennis, and the
champions had anything but a' walk
«ver In the last three sets. In the first
s»»t MacGavin and Murdock played
great tennis and their opponents did
not se: a game. Mitchell and Rolfe im
proved in the second set, and after
some sharp rallies won out by an S 6
prore. In the last two sets Murdock and
MacGavin drove splendidly and their
opponents were outplayed. The win
ning team will be the strongest from
this part of the State and stand an
excellent rhance to win the champion
ship.
>lac<iavin and .Murdock Struggle for
Supremacy Till Darkness Stops
the Match.
B. Nourse and Harry Rolfe surprised
everybody by beating Janes and Long
in a one-sided match. The losers got
only three games in two sets.
The scores follow: Harry Butler beat
Harry Rolfe. 6—4. 4— «. 6—2; H. Butler
beat B. Wallace, 6 — 2, 6—1, 6—3; Harold
Gabriel beat Judge Troutt, 6 — 2, 4 6,
7—5; J. D. MacGavin and Percy Mur
dock beat H. Rolfe and Frank Mitchell,
6—0, 6—8. 6—4, 6—2; Herbert Long beat
George Janes, 6 — i, 3—6, 15—13, 6 — 4; M.
Herbert Long and George Janes
played the closest match seen in weeks.
Long won three sets out of four. The
third set was 15—13.
Judge Troutt showed great improve
ment in his match yesterday with Har
old Gabriel. The Judge caused quite a
surprise by winning a set.
Melville Long, the third class cham
pion, played a close match with Merle
Johnson. Long was playing out of his
class, but won two sets out of three
cleverly.
stood 3—3 In the third set when dark
ness set in. MacGavin and Murdock are
evenly matched,, and when they come
together a good match results. . •
Will Allen is another crack who has
started training for the tournaments.
He played two sets with W. S. Mac-
Gavin and won them both. The veteran
is in great form and Allen had to ex
tend himself to win.
CRACK RACKET WI ELDERS
PRACTICE FOR TOURNAMENT
Long beat Merle Johnson, 6—4, 6—3,
4—6; W. Knowlton tied O'Hara, 6—4,
3—6; B. Nourse beat W. Stauf, 6 — 1;
Rolfe and Nourse beat Long and Janes,
6—2. C— 1: Murdock tied MacGavin, 6—4,
1—6, 3—3; Stauf and Nourse beat W.
Allen and Bush, 6— 3, 3—6, 6—3; Allen
beat W. S. MacGavin, 6—3. 6--4.
, BJfHOP TO TELL OF KOREA.—ALA
JJEDA. AU*. 6.— Bishop M. C Harris of the
Methodist EDlsconal church, • who was for
mav X y^? rs ln Korea and Japan, will preach
at tne First " M. E. Church to-morrow even
ing. He win sail on August 21 lot th«
orient. - • . . ¦¦
"Pie, coffee and conversation," said
Senator Platt of Connecticut, "are the
three Ingredients that constitute a
good dinner." ' • •.
"And the greatest of these Is conver
sation," commented a , companion.
"No; pie is the greatest." corrected
the Senator. "It excels conversation
in that it always. comes to you with a
point to it^'—New York Tribune.
Why Pie Excels.
t M?,? E . SCAVENGERS ARRESTED.— OAK-
L.AND. Aur. 6.— The scavengers began dump
ing garbage on the Sixteenth street , marsh
aRain to-day and a large number of the of
fenders were arrested. The city officials and
tne attorney* for the scavengers had Jim suc
ceeded in clearing the calendar of the* Police
Court of a lot of .' cases of a. similar nature
and the new arrests wilt furnish a new list
for the Police Judces., . .. •
"I was trying to impres on one of
my classes the other day the greatness
of the Southern Confederacy and at
the same time to let it know how
wonderful n man was George Washing
ton." said J. 11 Pembroke.' a professor
in a primary school 'In Paducah.. Ky.
" 'If the Confederacy had succeeded.'
I asked, 'what would Washington have
been the father of?" 'Twins.' was the
prompt reply of one of the^boys."
*»• !¦
Followed the Order of Nature
A German theatrical performance
will be given at the hall of the San
Francisco' Turn Verein next Sunday
evening under the management of
Mrs. Fleischer-Kahler and Mrs. Julius
Ascher. Elaborate preparations are
making for the production of a musi
cal farce comedy in four acts, "Die
Naehrin" ("The Seamstress"), with
Mrs. Kahler, Mrs. Ascher, Mrs. Jo
sephine Walter and J. W. Rieger in
the leading roles, supported by the
best of local talent.
piny at Turn Verein Hall.
Few matches were played by the
Scottish bowlers yesterday on the
Golden Gate. Park green. The unus
ually small attendance was due to the
fact that most of the cracks crossed
the bay to try conclusions with the
Oakland bowlers. The most interest
ing and closest prame was a doubles
between J. Mearns and J. W. Elder
and the Rev. Mr. Logan and J. T.
Dare. Mearns and Elder won by a
single point, the score being 21 to 20.
Dare and Elder then. Joined forces
and disposed of Mearns and Logan
rather easily. The score was 21 to 12.
Tne only singles match played was
close and the outcome was constantly
fn doubt. Dr. Hamilton finally beat
A. *A. 'MeVicar by a 21 lo l 20 score. H.
L. Tickner essayed to beat H. B. Tick
ner and E. H. Brooks in a three hand
ed grame. The two new players proved
too strong for him, beating him by a
score of 21 to 6. Samuel Irving and
H. L. Tickner beat* Robert Park and
the Rev. M. J. Fisher 21 to 12.
3Icnrns and Elder Dispose of the Rev.
Mr. Logan and Bare by a
Single Point.
CLOSE MATCn BOWLED
OX THE PARK GREEN
About 3 o'clock the party started for
the city. Then came the genuine nov
elty of the day. The railroad had pro
vided what are known as gravity cars
for the downward trip. In many places
the SDeed became terrlnc. and the way
*u , cars wnl2z ed around turns caused
the ladies some natural anxiety. Half
way down the brakes were applied and
the car operator asked all to sing
'America," whereat one of the! party
remarked that he thought "Nearer. My
God, to Thee" would be more appro
priate. After the sinprinK of the nation
al anthem the cars finished the. trip.
Those in the party- were United States
Senator J. H. Gallinger» Congressman
Edward S. Minor. Congressman Thom
as Spight, Mrs. Spight and the Misses
faplght; Congressman W. E. Humphrey
and Mrs. Humphrey; Winthrop L. Mar
vin and Theodore F. Shuey,' secretaries
to the commission; William M. Bunker,
Captain Louis H. Turner. Captain A. F.
Pillsbury. Mr. and Mrs. Philip R. Thay
er, Miss Mabel Thayer Gray and Mr.
and Mrs. I. K. Thayer.
This is the last trip the party will |
tako together. Congressman Spight-J
and his family will leave to-day for
Mississippi. Senator Gallinger will visit
Los Angeles and * St. : Louis j before re
turning home. Congressman .and Mrs.
Minor will leave soon for Wisconsin,
and Congressman Humphreyand wife
will depart for Seattle in a few days.
All expressed themselves as delighted
with their trip to California.
As the cars left the valley and began
gradually to climb the steep grade the
visitors became slightly interested.
With the cars rising still higher and
winding around the mountain, reveal
ing glimpses of the- hills and the pano
rama of . the bay beneath) the party
became enthusiastic.
Aftr a short rest at the tavern an in
formal luncheon was served. A visit to
the observatory at the top of the moun
tain followed.
After their hard duties of the past
month the members of the Merchant
Marine Commission of Congress gladly
accepted the Invitation of Captain I. E.
Thayer and, together with their wives
and relatives, visited Mount Tamalpais.
The party assembled at the ferry
building at 10 o'clock. Although hav
ing been on a trip around the bay, they
were interested in every detail of the
harbor scenery. The short trip on the
North Shore to Mill Valley was made
without Incident, and without any feel
ing of wonderment the visitors boarded
the cars for the summit of the moun
tain.
Will Leave for Their Homes
Soon With Many Pleasant
'Memories of California
PARTY SEPARATES HERE
Every day new stockholders are se
cured at a ratio that will probably
swell the subscribed capital to the limit
by June, 1905. All over the State able
asents are explaining the working of
the Institution to people who ought to
know of it and who will be benefited a
thousandfold. It does not require much
explanation. Though massive, it is lika
everything that in truly strong — very
simple. Through the efforts of this
association the time win - come when
nearly all deserving Callfnrnians will
have homes of their own. when children
will not be driven into the streets to
get anywhere away from crowded tene
ments, where discomfort rulC3 and
disease lurks.
No matter how small the Income, any
one can become a stockholder in th«
association if he makes an effort. it
is those with small Incomes who should
especially endeavor to make such an
effort. Small savings bear interest at
the rate of 6 per cent. When half the
price of the contemplated home is da
posited the association immediately bo
gins to build the house.
The money is always safe — safsr. In
fact, than In any bank, for the associ
ation has secured itself against": any
panic. -The by-laws stipulate that in any
emergencies only one-half of the month
ly receipts will be used for the purpose
of paying off withdrawals. This ex
plains how the Continental" was able to
make loans during the '"hard times" of
18&3 and 1834. when banks with- millions
of assets could not loan a dollar.
The officers and board of directors
are well known in this community.
Their names alone would ge a guarantee
of the association. They are: Hon.
"Washington Dodge, president; T ames
McCullough. vice president; J.* Q. Craw
ford. M. 1). : Gavin McN'ab. attorney;
"William Corbin. secretary and general
manager, and David \V. Loring. assist
ant secretary.
The association is as conservative and
as safe as the Bank of England. Tha
subscribed capital is now $16,553,900.
That is an Increase of $2,000,000 in. one
year.
The Continental Building and Loan
Association in the present year has
helped 349 families toward securing
their own homes.
That means more than can be told
in a paragraph. It means that over
10,000 children are given the chance
that every child should have — a rood
home in a healthy district. It means
that 3100 men of all walks of life hav*
been made immune from the rent col
lector and have something to »how for
years of work. <
The rent paid by the average "man
takes one-fourth of his Income and
fives him nothing. He is never com
ortable in a house that Is not his own.
The neighbors are not congenial and tha
landlord complains because his children
are not deaf mutes. The man ¦without
a home Is as badly oft as the man with
out a country. ' ¦
Slowly but surely the crowded tene
ment houses, where human beings ar«
being: herded like animals, are passing
from this city. The annual report of the
Continental Building and Loan Associa
tion. Just received, shows that in tha
fifteen years of its existence it has
helped 3100 families to build their own
homea. This number of homes. If ag
gregated, would make a city as larse
as Stockton. .
People in Moderate Circum
stances Enabled by Fragil
ity and Industry to Own
Their Own Homes.
VISITORS VIEW
A PANORAMA
¦Members of Merchant Marine
Commission and Relatives
Ascend Mount Tamalpais
milES VS. TENEMENTS
TheContinentalBuildingand
Loan Association Accom
plishing a Splendid Work
A big rally of district workers of
the Democratic League was held at
J. H. O'Brien's headquarters in the
Grand Hotel last night Precinct
workers, ticket venders and watchers
were assigned to duty.
- Reports were received from the sev
eral Assembly districts of the city.
O'Brien was highly elated last even
ing and quite emphatic in his predic
tions of a victory for the league forces
at .the primary election.
Primaries were held by Republicans
throughout Contra Costa Countv yes
terday for the election of delegates to
the State and Senatorial conventions
of the party. Fifteen hundred votes
were polled In the thirty-five voting
precincts. The delegates" chosen are
W. S. Wells, M. R. Jones, George IL
Ward. John Berroingham Jr., I* U.
Grant. C. G. Gould, W. H. Hough.
Joseph Williams Jr., W. J. Laird. R.
Harkinson and A. H. White. ; \
The delegation is solid for Charles
M. Belshaw's renominatlon . for State
Senator to represent the Ninth Sena
torial District, which embraces the
counties of Marin and Contra Costa.
The Senatorial nominating conven
tion will comprise twenty delegates,
nine from Marin and eleven from Con
tra Costa. E. B. Martlnelli has been
indorsed by the Marin County Re
publicans, but the superior strength
of the Contra Costa delegation will
give the nomination to Belshaw. It is
expected that the Republicans of
Marin will accept the result gracefully
and work for the success of the entire
Republican ticket. Sheriff Veale. who
was at the Union League Club last
evening, said the vote was the heaviest
ever cast at a primary election in
Contra Costa County.
O'BRIEN IS ELATED.
C. M. BELSHAW WINS.
ing to Southern California the forth
coming Senatorship. There is no ques
tion that the next Senator should
come from that section of the State,
but with three candidates pulling each
•other's hair over the coveted indorse
ment, what can be expected?. South
ern California should stop its factional
fights, settle upon one candidate and
then start in to work for the success
of the national ticket."
THOUSANDS UNDER
THEIR OWN ROOF
The Watsonvflle Pajaronlan advises
the Republicans of Southern California
to stop their factional lights and settle
upon one candidate for the United
States Senate. The advice Is given in
this form:
"Yesterday's Call had an editorial
which we thoroughly indorse, conced-
The Republicans of the Seventeenth
Senatorial District— the Twenty-eighth
and Twenty-ninth Assembly districts —
are making a determined fight to win
a State Senator to succeed Joseph M.
Plunk«tt. Bernard L. Conlon is favor
ably spoken ' of for the Republican
nomination.'
Assemblyman Abner McMahon. Thir
tieth District, expects tha Union Labor
party nomination for State Senator
from the Twenty- third Senatorial Dis
trict.
The Republicans of the Forty
fourth District will give the nomlnar.
tldn for the Assembly to Jacob Step
pacher or Mel'Vogel. It Is common
talk. in political circles that Mr.. Step
pacher would .receive a very large pop r
ular vote, as his services to the State
and the Republican party for a third
of a century are frequently mentioned.
FIGHT IN THE SOUTH.
The number of electors registered in
San Francisco in time to vote at the
primary election day alter to-morrow
slightly exceeds 50,000. The politicians
would be surprised If the number of
votes polled next Tuesday should ex
ceed 26,000. The display of Democratic
strength will be larger than first esti
mated, owing to the warmth of the
contest between the regular,, or county
committee forces, and the followers of
the Democratic Leagrue. .
The Republicans are well organized
throughout the city, and the leaders
say that the party will easily enough
take first place in voting strength next
Tuesday. In four Assembly districts—
the Thirty-second, Thirty-third, Thir
ty-sixth and Thirty-ninth— formidable
opposition confronts the Republican
organization. In the Thirty-second
District the leaders of the opposition
.claim to represent the true spirit of
the organization. The men supporting
the independent, or anti-organization
ticket, are the voters, It is asserted, who
placed the district in the Republican
column. Concerning his own candi
dacy for Senator to represent the Nine
teenth Senatorial District, Richard J.
"Welch says that he had no intention
at first of entering the race for the
Senatorial nomination, and did not get
into the contest until his friends vig
orously insisted that he should be a
candidate. Following is the Welch
ticket in the Thirty-second: State del
egates—Richard J. Welch, Joseph H.
Armstrong, Frank J. Weiss, William
McKeon, E. E. Raymond. Legislative
and Judicial delegates— Robert Gordon,
Thomas F. Dolan, Hallie B. Davidson,
David Humphreys, Frank J. Fitzpat
rick, Charles F. Wachter, James L..
Gleeson, Robert E. Cavanaugh, Joseph
Norton, James B. Johnston.
RECRUITS FOR ORGANIZATION.
The rumor was current yesterday
that the organization ticket in the
Thirty-second District was receiving
the active support of J. N. Copus, who
was elected to the Assembly at the last
Legislature as the Union Labor and
Democratic candidate. There are indi
cations that the regulars will get more
than a little assistance from Union
'.Labor ranks. *
Gavin «McNab and J. H.
O'Brien Are AligningTheir
Men for Tuesday's Battle
ADVICE TO THE SOUTH
Contra Costa Republicans
JElect a Solid Delegation
for Cliarles 31. Belshaw
PREPARATIONS
FOR ELECTION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 7, 1904.
24
Ye Olde KnslIsU inn. -^ U
144 Mason st. Just one x trial at Baba &
Jules'. That's alL •
Have yon ever considered the
investment propositions In the
BUSINESS CHANCE columns?"
Some opportunities that may.:
suit yonr capital adTertLsed to-
day—^Investigate. , -- - .". .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
\$ © 11 14 1 11 f? i\ v c i y 1 n
These Arc the Last Days o! *w
A AlXfcJ \JU VUl kJCIlW -
The Final Price- Cuts Have Been Made—
Thr Extreme Limit of Value-Giving Has Been Reached.
Buy Quick-Buy Liberally-Bily for Future Needs. A
A Chance Like This May Never Come A^ain J^
Judge All the Other Bargains by These : £jk
FURNISHING GOODS DEPARTMENT JTrflk
¦MNUHIMtHii.i
S2.00 Soft and Stiff Hats, while they last TAILORING S
S^^ofrknd-StiffHaVsrwhilVVhfy 1 '!" '^^^^^^Mti^M ™^
* 'v' *>•;;>• L','"V "\ '^jQ? 53S To-Ordej Suits, while they" last •Selaa'
S?Ud aid Dotn cSl W? L^ * ' 2? C S 4 ° J°'S r 1 cr Suits ' while *<* 930.0U
KEEP YOUR EYES ON OUR, WINDOWS „
1028-1030 Market Street,, San Francisco
¦ DR. PIERCES REMEDIES.
tiiow Health
is Gained.
great deal of thenn-
Happiness of women
is a story of lost
health. Women
wonder how it is
that little by little
the form loses
plumpness, the
cheeks grow hollow
and sallow, and
they feel tired and
worn - out all the
proportion of cases
i when women are
j weak, run-down and falling off in flesh
and looks, the root of the trouble can be
traced to womanly diseases which under-'
1 minfe the general health.' -The proof of
! this is that women who^have been cured
j of painful womanly diseases by the use
j of Dr. Pierce's Favorite Pres*iption have
j recovered their general health, gained in
! flesh and in appearance. • ?-
I $509 Howard for woman Who
I Cannot be Cured.
i The proprietors and makers of Dr. Pierce's
j Favorite Prescription now feel fully war-
j ranted in offering to pay $500 in legal
! money of the United States for any case
j of Leucorrhea, Female Weakness,* Pro-
j lapsus, or Falling of Womb, which they
I cannot cure. All they ask is a fair and
j reasonable trial of their means of cure. 1
"I suffered for three years with ovarian
I trouble," writes Mrs. Ann Quinn. (Treasurer-
Woman's Athletic Club), of S» Sycamore St.,
Milwaukee. Wia. "The treatment I took did
not do me a particle of good, until a good neigh- '
' bor who had been using Dr. Pierce'* Favorite
Prescription advised me to give it a trial. The
nc*t day took ray first dose, and it was my first
step toward recovery. In nine weeks I was a
! dinereut woman; my flesh . which had been
ilabbv became firm, complexion clear and tny
eyes bright. It was simply an indication of the
freat change within from'pain and suffering to
ealth and happiness."
Dr. Pierce's. Pleasant Pellets invigorate
stomach, liver and bowels.
$1,500,000
Hag been taken out {rora
QOLDFIELD
Some stock In the "Big Elk" for sale. .Full
particulars to investors who want to set se-
curity and make money.
THE ROCKY. MOUNTAIN SECURITIES CO..
Italian-American Bank 'Building.
Ban Francisco, Cal. ' ' ; •
TOTbKidge & /co:, j
MERCHANT TAILORS, !
; 622 Market Street.
UpStalrs. Opp. Palace HoteL V
\ SAN FRANCISCO. ¦:
? Novelties in Imported Wear. |
ADVERTISEMENTS. • / -" ? .* y
1 I I V OF w&^v w§! § A !Hf I
Dry Goods '^^^^ 6 Company.
COLORED DRESS GOODS
NEW ARRIVALS FOR FALL 1904
WE HAVE JUST OPENED
a splendid collection
OI DOITI' •£* •£" «5" .
H PLAIN AND MIXED MATERIALS
in light and medium
weights . •*., jft , •!* ¦ ;
IN OUR CONTROLLED STYLES
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
Geary and Stockton Streets, Usioa Sqnara-
SEEPAGES
38 to 42.
fl BUSINESS CHANCES, MONEY TO LOAN. ROOMS
A T O L E T FURNISHED AND UNFURNISHED.
ftV* HOUSEKEEPING APARTMENTS TO LET. SITUA-
1, TIONS WANTED, HELP WANTED. AND A THOU-
g|«^ SAND OTHER WANTS FULLY DISCUSSED—
pv^ PAGES 38 TO 4a INCLUSIVE, TO-DAY'S CALL.
I - rher r C v is -ij"° reasonable agreement we .will not make with any one who is trying to furnish his own home. And right now, while Pn
¦ the noise of building more sales floors is going on, we arc offering the extra inducements of enormous price cutting. Every Metal Bed is iff
• a cut to cost, and many other specials in other lines. Make .it your/business to get in here this week and look these over. Hi
9 A DURABLE IRON' BED — Ons that will give Hir* f*l TTTC ATT © AKlfkAM SOI IFI RPACC pen <~ * j HH
I good service , and all beds quoted here, <m r%t\ *"^* CUTS AT KANDOM: OULIU BKAbb BED -Guaranteed Eg
I aaysise; regular $3 75 bed for 5>I.Oll " lacquer; most j artistic; only three in £AO C(\ fffl
I $4,75 WHITE ENAMEL BED-Stron g and 525 MasslveG-ft. Dlnln* Table $17.75 ** k ' but wh ' Ie «*v^ 3>4».OU |
| with graceful lines. It is our floor qq r*c 530 8-ft. Table, same as above $19.75 $2850 SOLID BRASS BED — Heavily lac- ft)
1 leader, cut to VO.OJ .,, Rlif . . _ ,. J cit en quered; guaranteed finish; a simple, <t f A -y/- RU
- I $8.00 BRASS RAIL BED -A Urge white $25 BUfrCtf C ° :den Of Weathered.... $17.50 elegant design; this week P .. $14.75 §f
¦ enamel bed, surmounted with well Off $'3.50 Golden Oak Dresser, bevel mirror, $9.45 c -.- n on/tcc oirr\ B
1 lacquered brass rails and knob* oO.OJ «n in M/>Ki n : A » A,m n,,i^ C"7 or I>JI-3U DKAbd btD-I^-inch posts, 63 inches H
I $1500 BUTTERFLY BED-AWe white en- ?1 * J * "" CbaIr $ / <85 hi ? h; * ?"*? bcd at about ha!f Q17 7^ 1
I amel bed, with brass spindle. Head%.T| 4* , 1 $3 ' 50 Coldcn Oak Cobbler Rocker $1.85 P rice ? thl5 week • I / . / D g
1 S20 00 rt ElvAM h FL Q BlD r Vrr;; ! u ** Ma " tel r ° ldln5 Bed $ l8 -°0 $38.50 SOLID BRASS BED-Of artistic de- I
S * Si^rS^r. <i r «S §24.50
B green colors J O >«./5 Wife Fabric Couch, single $1.65 -
I 5(1-00 ENAMEL BED-Aa elegant design, fin- $7 Red Damask Tufled Couch $4 95 $62.50 HIGH-GRADE BRASS BED-Mas-
| ished in light mle green; makes a. £-7 <|O ftnM __ „,„„„ .„. o . «- nn sive, brilliantly lacquered} latest «>OO eA
a goodshowing; this week 4>/.^5 510 Golden Wood-Seat Rocker §0.00 curved post design; this week 5j>«JO,5U
3 Antique Styles, | • vv* JJlNfft to TB wH^ lA\mw»y^ \v^\^Wt!^^9B il«B> WffgJBN? -% Range,
I Si'X 0(1 fV"ir*', s - m^%«HL^ 1»\* v k\\!» os low asWASHINGTON, Aug. 6. — General
William F. Spurgin. retired, who lived
In Washington. D. C-. died of apoplexy
to-day at Carlisle. Ky.
Retired Army Officer Dies.
""Doctor** Robs Patient of Si 000 After
Giving Him a Dose of
Electricity.
. ASBTJRY PARK. N. J.. Aur- 6.—
Abraham Schlossbach of this place
"has reported to the police that a
boarder in his house had rendered
.him unconscious by means of an elec
trical shock and while he was helpless
robbed him In his own room of over
$1000.
•• The rtranger represented himself
ts the discoverer of a new electric
. process to cure rheumatism and of
fared Schlossbach the treatments
, gratis.
•S'EW RHEUMATISM CURE
. PROVES COSTLY TREATMENT
Refuses to Accept Silver as Compen
sation for Lecture Delivered
Before Chautauquans.
• - V2UISVILLE, Aug. 6. — W. J. Bryan
refused to accept silver as compensa
•tion for delivering a lecture before
the Chautauqua assembly at Glenwood
£*ark, near Jeffersonville. In intro
ducing Bryan, James Dunbar of New
Albany said that the board of direc
tors, thir.kingr to please Bryan, offered
ts pay fcim in silver paid into the cof
fers of the association by the people,
Bryan, however, demanded his pay in
gold.
• "This rather complicated matters,"
said Dunbar, "and messengers were at
once dispatched to the bank to get
the silver changed into gold. The
banks were closed, however, in honor
of Bryan and the incident was finally
closed by the directors agreeing to for
•¦ward to Bryan a draft drawn on a
New York bank for the amount, pay
able in gold."
Bryan smilingly assented to Dun
tar's statement.
-. IJRYAX DEMANDS THAT
HE BE PAID EN* GOLD
j:«ah Thiel Seriously Wounded by
• Paul Schmidt \\1iile Camping
Near Walnut Creek.
WALNUT CREEK. Aug. 6. —
Through the careless handling of a
ItJaded shotgrcn in the hands of his
' cousin to-day Ewalt Thiel, aged 19
>ears. who resides at 1218 Kearny
, sfreet in San Francisco, received the
full charge of shot in his leg. The
•limb was almost blown off. The
charge struck just below the knee and
.amputation may be necessary.
Thiel and his cousin. Paul Schmidt,
who also lives in San Francisco, have
been camping near Walnut Creek for
severcl days. This morning the two
•boys" -.vere sittins on the bank of the
, creek and Schmidt had his shotgun
lying across his knee, and not noticing
that the weapon was cocked, he pulled
the trigger. When he saw that his
companion was shot he at once hur-
Tied to this place and secured the ser
vices of Drs. Walt and Stow, who
-went to the assistance of the injured
ted.
; .They dressed his wound and re
moved hirr. to Rogers Hotel at Wal
nut Creek. He was taken to San Fran
cisco this afternoon.
yOUXG MAX ACCIDENTALLY
SHOOTS HIS OO3IPAX1OX
¦•BOSTON, Aug. 6.— Senator Henry
Cabot Lodge opened the Presidential
campaign in the East at Point Shirley
• Winthrop this afternoon when he spoke
before the Xorth Dorchester Repub
lican dub. Senator Lodge devoted his
time principally to defining the attitude
of the Republicans on reciprocity with
•Canada. He said in part:
The Republican National Convention *t Cbl
¦ if j declared as follows:
"We believe in commercial reciprocity wher>
*ver reciprocal «rracs*racnts can. be effected
cocti«tent with protection without menacing
a'ry American industry.
• The President cf th« United Etatea, in h!»
rep!y t» the committee en notification, epoke
a* follows:
"We bel'.ere In reciprocity with forelrn na
tions- on th« term* outlined in President Mc-
JtlrJeya la»t epeech. which urged the exten
elon of our foreign market by reciprocal
. arreemeatg whenever they coald be made
without injury to American Industry or la
bor."
Senator Lodge then took up the con
sideration of a petition which has been
• largely signed by Massachusetts vot
' ers, and which declares that the estab
lishment of reciprocal trade relations
v:i:h other countries, especially with
V'anada. and Newfoundland, is of vital
' importance to the commercial welfare
of the United States and especially that
of Massachusetts. He said:
Th« Republican party Is not opposed to
reciprocity. On the contrary, we. who in the
last eigrht years have piven the largest ex
ttr.fion ever known to our foreign market,
heartily favor It. What we. all of us who
are responsible fcr the representation of Ma»
• tachusetts In Washir.rton. object to is this
&tten"!j>t to te^varate tl^e Senators and Repi*
. froir. the President, to create dtvt
• sloes in our caucuses, endanger our Consress
cen ¦•"< members cf the Legislature.
¦* l?eiiator Fires First Gn\i
Sin Presidential Fight in
a Massachusetts Town
TALKS OX RECIPROCITY
vtjuotes From Speech Made
• • -by President Roosevelt to
- .the Notification Committee
LODGE OPENS
THE CAMPAIGN
rage were shot at San Jose de Guay
mas a few hours after they were cap
tured. The captured Indians were all
found to be employes of the ranches.
The sixteen prisoners now confined, in
the municipal prison at Guaymas will
be given a speedy trial and will in all
probability be condemned to death for
the offense to which their dead com
rades confessed.
SANTA* BARBARA, Aug. 6.— The
Bard 'forces won a sweeping , victory in
the primaries 'here to-day by, "electing
the delegates favorable to the nomina
tion of E.- M. Pyle for the Assembly.
There were opposition tickets, but the
count showed that the county was
overwhelmingly 'on the side of Pyle. In
some precincts one figure was sufficient
to l record the • total of the opposition
vote, while in this city Pyle's men were
elected by three to one.
Senator's Assembly Candidate Is an
Easy Winner In County
. Primaries.
SANTA BARBARA GIVES
BARD BIG MAJORITIES
f Safe sins are the most dangerous
ed States/Geological Survey has issued
reports on the production* in the Unit
ed States during the year 1903 of pe
troleum, asphaltum and bituminous
rock and,; copper.
The production of petroleum in Cal
ifornia increased more than 10,000,000
barrels, while the Texas production
decreased more than, 1,000,000 barrels.
Geological Survey Report Shows In
crease of 10,000,000 Barrels
During the Year 1903.'
WASHINGTON, Aug. 6.— The Unit-
CALIFORNIA 3IAKES GAIN
IN PRODUCTION OF OIL-
• GUAYMAS. Mexico. Aug. 6.— A guard
detached from tbe force of Captain
Agullar, who has been pursuing Yaqul
Indians back of San Jose de Guaymas,
reached this port to-day with sixteen
prisoners. They report that eight other
Indians captured at the same time de
fiantly boasted of having ambushed the
Guaymas hunting party on Wednesday
last, avenging the cruel treatment of
their fellows taken from the ranches
and * exiled to . Yucatan.
The eight who confessed to this out-
Eight Yaquis Admit the Murder of
Young Hunters and Officers
v Waste No Time.
INDIANS CONFESS AND
ARE SHOT BY CAPTORS
Establishes Salary Schedule.
WASHINGTON Aug. 6. — Secretan
MetcaLf has established a schedule 01
salaries for local inspectors of stean
boats throughout the country- It In
cludes $1800 in Portland. Or.. an<
$2250 in. Seattle and San Francisco.
_t_ : *
MISSOULA, Mont.. Aug. 6.— Fifty
thousand dollars* worth of securities,
cash and . diamonds were recovered
this evening, which had formed part
of the loot of the' Breamoufh train
robbery. John Christie, arrested £ in
Hope, N. D.. to-day guided Special
Agent McFettridge to -the place where
the cache was made, eight miles below
the scene of the . robbery ' and on. the
same side of the river. The securities
filled a flour sack. They had been
Booty Valued at 550.000 Is Found
Within Eight Miles of Scene of
Breaniouth Hold-Up.
BAXDIT GUIDES OFFICER ;
TO THE ROBBERS' C^CHE
thrown Into the willows twenty feel
from the river bank.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 7, 1904.
QvlIlraHon is an evolution. Tbe rood thl&r*
like "O»d Gilt Edge Whiskey" tnaxk the hlgb
«rt point Jn it« proprwlon. R«m«mber that.
4«*r. 'Wi<-hman.LutgenfcCo..29-31Ba.ttery.S.F.»
25
Progress, the watchword of
Alameda County, is manifested
in increasing: land values.
Our SUBURBAN REALTY..
COLUMNS contain bargains for
you to consider. '
*; _ — ; _ ij.
Time and enerzy eared by j
readins oar TO LET 7OL.U3IXS.
ROOMS AND FLATS In all
localities advertised and at rents
; to suit. •
AD\i:RTISE3LEyrS.
..Grand Opening..
0! San Francisco's Greatest
Millinery Parlors and La-
. dies' Toggery : : : :
The Swan
..12 Geary Street ? -
MONDAY...... August 8
. TUESDAY August 9
WEDNESDAY. August 10
THE EMPORIUM. |' THE EMPORIUM. \ THE EMPORIUM. ' \ THE EMPORIUM. t THE E3CORIU3L | THE EMPORIUM.
J '.*....' k .'¦-•¦" : i | j
J A New Aisle Two Blocks Long, : &_1 — — qgr'-" ¦'^; J j* r Anti-Trust Cameras and Supplies j
•>* P«vcd with mosaics, is now open through the Emporium from Market, ff) JL/^ ¦»» • • • '¦ h\. Anti-Trust Prices. Tns Aosco cameras are perfect In every respect, \
j: .cross Stcvemon to Jessie street, making a new thoroughfare through jTT?f f* jffir^tisBLS i4 Vft>£ # # * &&** «d are conceded by expert, to be the best fim camera, made. - ]
I the store two block, long. Under the recently elevated cafe and band f £ / J f > * jt *ffrg£//LJi JJUUtfT S°" X for 3^x3^ picture, >...... .$4.60 i
J .t»d the new Jewelry, Si.verware and Cutlery department, are now W# £ No. 2 Ansco for 3^x 4 J, picture, . .... .' $ 5 . 8 5
\i o P e D ed. Our shoe department will short.y move to more commodious quar- CALIFORNIA'S WGEST, .j/^,^^ — No. -3 Ansco for 4x5 picture, ... -f*jL78\ j
* r . / , , . ., , • , . ¦¦wii^l ll| ii|li! ll i^rilW^^^ ' ' ""¦ ' No< + Ansco folding, 3 tfx+J-f picture, . . . $11.70 j
> ters just off the rotunda, a handsome juveni.e department is being com- ~af&^!ggm& a * s * m AMERICA'S GRANDEST^STORE. No. 5 Ansco folding, 4x5 pictures . $15.30 <
J pletedon second floor-and many other improvement, are planned for the ¦ r / Cyo> Developing Phpcr—p=r doz. iic/i 4 cand // / . .."".. .,24© \
jj near future. fc have no brattcn stores. M.Q. Developer— 6 tube* in a box, trust price :75c. oar price . . . . QQ6 \
$ I Hairdressing and Manicuring Butterick Patterns for September
S On secoud floor. Skillful operators, prompt service, polite attention, "^ M -4 11 *Y ow rea^y- The Delineator for September contains fashion advice,
;J reasonable charges. Human hair goods at 0 Vk /l'/'fe»/^KV /m dt~h*ti T /G* HL I e ivi "2 /^st indications of the fall . J
! * : H il P" ilSl. %*-^^ °^ New Suits and Coats for ladies, new ,' ifi^S^ "
i I 4jL^ Millinery, new Suits and Coats for men and boys, new Dress Goods, "
£ ' Silks, Flannels, Domestics, Trimmings \ Belts, Ribbons, Gloves, etc. - ¦ , \
| Many New Silk and Dress Goods N^w Fan styles Sales Wash Goods -¦' ' )
J This is soing to be what we misht call a semi-plain fabric season. In the many TaHOVed SiittS V And DonSGSflCS ' •
£ cases of new fall fabrics that have already arrived and will be displaved to-morrow ' _ -^ .^ , , ¦ . . . ,.
£ there are both plain and fancy weaves, but an entire absence of the extreme lines— and GO&fS Among these are many of the heavier Weight wash materials, SUlt- ]
j the assortments include substantial broadcloth, Venetians, modified zibelines, short- i t . ¦ . , . f able for fall wear. A cold season in the East has left manufacturers ¦¦ ;
\i crop camels hair, mannish effects in tweeds, and mixed suitings in modest monotone moderat^ anT winter heavily overstocked with wash fabrics, a fact which our buyers have' J
J effects And silk win be in greater vogue than ever. Few women will be without a su5ts an 7^ s ce a y a s^ v n n a taken advantage of, and which during the past .few weeks has pro- :•
% suk suit tor street wear. - first time Mond , duced some f the best sales ever he i d in the Emporium. This offer- ;
i 54^ 1 * r ral **?JT2Z 5 V alIored '^^#&£& is equal to any of those which have preceded it. j
IS </< 'k' R ' 1 M • ' ' •; •»• UrVkeihle ' • 50 ° tO$U25 ISlS^gSM^ Outin^WashMateHals-Se^lotsofth^sc^r Good White Bh^ibcta well , & . . ¦
J 54 inch Broadcloth - St:im ipongtd, wiU f 19 inth Colored Taffeta,- Medium soft finish, perfect length skirt, entire suit neatly strapped and wei ? ht in » materials and skirtnp, ideal for hone sa t», weight, 71x84 inchej, pair. . .$3.95 J
* not "spot, yard '. <3»J*«9«* for ltr eet gowns and drop skirts, complete __ piped, full S20. 00 va!- & 4 *% CS.ff% country costumes and skirting, many new tnd fjm White Blankets — 4 fin. weight, for # beds, 6o inches ,
H« Smooth Finished Tweed, — In neit minnish qq "ns« of colors, yard 75C ucj, priced at ffi ¦ thown for ths first time Monday, all marked, yd. f^rlr vfidr, Lt pink, bla; and red borders, piir . ..$2*50 •
t 'if***** C °\ OT%t ' 1 j \' ' V ¦ " **** G Shantung and Shanghai SilKs-Made on the hand looms €- Wide Welt Pique— A Tery fine qtulitr. with fancy strips Crib Blankets-Xlce ani warm for the baby; fancy border,, j
£ Tailor Su.t.ng»- In well blended colors, a so y - iu Japan, and dyed in Lyons, France, stvlish fabric, =4 _PHU eifirct, three styles, a 3 S c ralus at, yard 1*O P* ir 38 °
i z 1 bcl:nesmaU C ol O r5, 44 to 4 8i n che,w: < l e ,yardZSC to 42 bches, yard. . . ' _ ' # rfm^h Ccmforttrs-Full ¦««, nl«!y tuiied, fiaa filling, each J
* TaUor suitings in great variety, both foreign and domestic, .gOCtO $1a3O /&&%*&zk^f Creponets — In fine shined weave, with fancy strip:, in $1.00 i
k > rr.ost woven on mix:d grounij, with fine higb color .......... ,bfcj&-J<3k&'' the dabty coonngs for evtni.ig wtar and negligee cos- D ' '" '- ' ' '-.' M .,.i,.i .,„«,,•_ _.j. ,-,.',, r»-t
%' thread, traversing the surfrc: and almost unlimited Peaa de Cygne- Soft clinging P :.in silk S , with ( ±M^ C&" tumes: the z 5 c kind, priced at yard ...... f4o Pll '° Casei-Eme b.^aehsl, earefbLy mad,, r.^ar ,
K atsortment, per f%*% -M dt>W *% lustrous siiks, Ln fu!» range of fall colorings, yard #S C /^~~Sy^ » j ' 45 X 3» «"«» each SO 1
» U^ ¦ 1 c- q,,,^ C re P e-SHghtly heavier than Crepe de Chine, /T^TTl jUl Long Cloth -Only one cas* for this filing It i. >^d Uner, Firvbh Cases-Heary round thread, . *S*7fi*i : ]
tf Voiles and Etamines, wire cord and twine weaves, b-autiful colorines drapes peri-c*'v I lT~ — 111^^^^^ wide, undressed, m pieces of l» yards, and instead of our price, each M^sO <
all colors, a perfectly wearing fabric, } \ ri ...!... . Si '00 I it \A' 1»\ per piece, but QOO Pequot Sheets- Bleached, » we3 known:
$ (>ep^deWris--Si;kandw 3 oiand'rupinsVr C nch"voil e s, Sottish Plaid$-Are agam knocking at fashion's door. Uf~— K^-tj \5\ New Ranneb- For the fall,in Dresden and staple colorings, bS 71x90 Sc^ Uch' 57©
J b othp ap uUrw : av r , i nthefaUco'.o r i I , g s, s/^ s pS^^jT^^^f^S /^Tffl- Bleached Sheeting -UnL.d, !
$ Shirt Waist Silks-TarTeU and W,in=" ground,, mostly J^jM Velvttt. Flannels- An improved make of the German 90 bcto S£ y^i ." ." ." .' 24% 3
i %£?%?T and small checks, SU? enor 75c t&<t £Z™i$1 .2 5tO $1 .7 5 *\NH Ed.downs, . colon exauisite : and tt yles rich, Rcmuna of Jable Linens, odd fine dama,k cloda, dn S !e \
* Novelty Dress Silks-In glace and taffeti gro^ neat Rogatoryea Paon Velvet-Special weight for suits, I J^JLg - 'yard.-. . : . . . . .. ...... -. ZQp napkins, etc., at Tery reasonable pr.ccs. ,
effects, fine pin line ideas, in many com- f%r% iU c° lo rs» one of the richest cf velvets, r%f% \i ¦——¦—¦—¦—^ — —^ — "^ -^ ™"""™II!'™" — ™""""™"' '
jf plrx eolorings, suittble for street wear, y*rd& i.UU yard S&*£mUU r^lSS^^ Fail T^tFti ttt lit £JS, ¦ GO"Cat*tS S3. 3 8
Jl Ovt Black Dress Goods Department— I' replete with new and stylish id:as ia both plain and \mJffl! RibhOttS, NeckWCar A good folding reclining Go~Cart :
5 fancy weaves, and not a yard of goods in stock that is not all wool or silk and wool; prices per ', ' 1 }#{?' . wifh <fppl rubber-tired <
* vard ranee from . 5Qc in $4.00 k 1 UHi DoZCDS ° f noveltles rcad 7 for Monday W J[n Sieei bprill^, f UUJv.1 L1ICU.
;*, i 1 CWClO^.»u /p|IPi shoppers. See the Window displays of the wheels, extension foot rest Sfld j
I*: New Fall Suit for Boys M**w MiUinc*—%r OTiLiHI advance styles in faU neckwear, ribbons, trim- foot brake; regularly $4.25; special \
* "The Mikadn" «« mnnnery Jill raiDS! ' ctc - Monday and Tuesday... 53.38
* . xx^ D-StHbB /fll ' 1J\\\\\ Lace Stocks— Imitation Pt. Lace, rose pat- :
S SS^"o th 6 Jt! /Illl terns ... 65c. 75c. n.oo. 5/.25, NewDresslntj ¦'¦
* mttLiU A *¦ lw?> years, « new style secured l ?*^2f!tX^ wffy#©S ¦ ///// ! ll j !m^a\\Vv\\ La cc Berthas — Like our grandmothers Very
I %fHilL b y buyer just returned g'^^^^^M Opened Sa-ur #////IillM\w wore, imitation Point and Duchess pat- &&&%**&& Speo.al
I >e^<H f '° ra tHC u ElSt ' ?* CX ' day _ exclusive W /I I I WP^ tern .. M.00, J6.S0, 57.50 Prctt 7 Eiderdown -^^ \
S ' fiH '^rJ u^Z r^ T 1 ' \*0* : $r Hne of the fa- Lace Collar,- In the new net top lace effect, white Sacques, edges worked f&£^ \
*i /^AV 4f . general ap- \^ \\( Q h for fall M u = • r » c • " • ' j j ar.d ecru, prices SI. SO to 35. OO with croche: s::« and
I ( A\ \\ IZTn °.d ,' •° ot a[ '° d " int " «w-«S! mh JT. ? o, l ,. r ,. 9 s,.ootaS' f .oo ««-**hi Y?F :
1 V4M» AX coa * c y in aacquate lm- /^^sr- 7 hat an exclusive pattern,' bUck; New York's latest voguej valued by the Buster Brown Collars -Elaborate^ embroidered, with IoopJ, tU colors Kid VL^'l
J^ ii^^^^\ P r «," on Of the Charm of -^^s^f practical up-to-date' maker at our price ... $/7 # 5£) button holes, through which either ribbons or four- Jizes^ worth 5 x « 2 5f ifMiVti
V r' >C^Sv V this new creation for the >^> ., 'it" ' T • » <- l c u w j r - l 1 in-hand ties an us: d 20c » ar H /3?o X"^^?5v^^?^s
2 IF} /y^fi\ „ . j " 1 -XNtiNv J of and ready-to-wear Tourist Coat Suits— Madi of mannish worsted . ; . **" "en oJO f\Crf r l^^^i,
QtJZJir 'mall boy; made from fine \^X , . .»,:„-' "¦ material, dark and medium mixture,, coat 36 Novelty R.bbons- 7 -;nch panne satm, black with ombre //^ I J5T / U
5 7>fed ICI &> in «vy, th - f]] hats, just the thing to open > edg «, in all the late, t .hades, al f o .ovclty hand- Eiderdown ..Sacque,, mmmed // / V. j \\ ]
I VH brown red and rova th = "«on With before purchaung your , 9 gore ev« length k"ilt pleated skirt embroidered effect, that are very ttyUtb for the Utetx wkh Btia ribbons, fastened / i
* MTB '. . , ,°> a - dress hat. &15.O3 and $17.50 neckbow— "The Royeroft." with frog loops, ail sizes,/ A < #X\) '
J. mm blue, tnmmed with golden Thc$e hats are f . h ' ''''*** :™ Advance Shipment Uce, and Trimming, -White, worth *,. 5 o, for . . Q80 / "\ .
* W W colored worsted braid and hra]cit "j"™ , , <r V • V f • a • u New Fall Coats-r-mch loos- strapped back crcam Arabian net top lace,, black dlk Oriental _.. . • - U \. J '
V f R gilt buttons, a pretty faids velvets and taffeta si k, trimmed with top coats, of black twilled chev,ot. velvet coU lacr , b'.ck Point \W,e band, and allovers, Bderdown Sacque^.. ia p:ct-l*\ | 4\>-^ ,
* U novelty that will n«,r fanc 7 f « the ", pompons, owls' head, and coque 1» ..36.75 Ul^f o l Persian band* in all combination, of colori ¦ T* J°^ "SJS^ -^ \\ W I VV
i © Z [ to 7 . «d coTt L^e : ffccts - k in ; h i dc t t^ ban - Colonial - Giins -- others at to- 50 and $i6 - 5 °- ind chiffon *^. . ts^^s, iSS « 11 \ \
i than ordinary sui:,. priced to open the new » d F «« h S^ «*£ P^» W *ES^S; Sntn^^^^. ' ' ' ' ' ' » W L^^ I
}C »eason SSmOO *°* 9OmOU, &/.5U tO $18 st y ei, a good J 4 . 50 value, for ... $3,25 Chiffon Appliques, a S c to yard. SeCOtldFloOT WVIPW'* • ,
|| Remarkable Sale Teapoil Representative Emporium Furnitu revalues I Remarkabie sates whiskies
K Monday and Tuesday . ' If > 04 are in th; market for furniture we beg: to call your attention to our immense 2nd diversified stock, Monday and Tuesday ;
* 0St^ . at prices which we are positive will mean a saving of many dollars to you in fitting up your home. We carry none _ f
J - ¦!.. ¦'¦-, of the trashy grades; only the test sorts are>given floor space in our great sample rooms on the second floor. r^Ti f?T| C^^ * < '
K r^ ir^ f^^^^ S^ ~" J^l Ladies' Desks -In golden oak, imi- — : — ' Vn t f '»'••"> °^ mr * M * — n^' n 0 I* 5 S?2/yfo/7nffi{7r/(ff77s?/ lUl
Ik 1 X\ y k^Zlr~ ZZ^^N. tation mahogany or birdseye map'e, 1 rr^-^l__^rrl^--"^r^k^r E^B or imiutian mahogany, heavy legs |j VUUJUOJ 'ULLLMtUyJIAU I— ~1 ;
f \ \ / In SI TeeL-'Pot^ \f \\ XrT.sa.as UW^^^^^^mm "^ mi «i J L JH >^\ :
5" \ \ Englkh Te.pots-Sh.ped like thb V I „ flfl^fe'" ' ' " " ' W#&JfoA » *««ter . . S#f -SO X X V A X^
«T I V sketch, on sale begbning Monday, at II Book Case— Quarter^ golden oak, F^^^^^^^^ j^^^ fe$i^P^f\y W f j cssc Moore AA— That popular brand that most stores i
* I the lowest prices you ever saw such bsau- // " also weathered, as well as birdseye KAJ Mission Style Davenport — In I #. nnnr f, , P ?},,. hnttU inr Oft**
%' 1 t " d ware fo!d f ' or - D coratcd jet, // ma P ! = and im'.tition mahogany, KJ X? * . ath-red 1 oak e-nuiie Soanish cnarg. JI.OO Or Jl.Z, IDC DOu.e lor , . .&fJC
*• N'ow 2GO 2Qo 35O 42O i/^ oak or mahogany finish, < i S . 7 5 ; I r^^—^* ~~_^--~ j-*??^^ * • - A- springs th: btst obtainable — 1 .......•••••_•••
K x *«**. Rich Brown English Teapots— // birditytmapie tf __ #i#i 1 r '~ ~~~ sec picture, o s /| President Blue FlaJ— Bottled in bond, . full quarts, . ]
i \ If enS VI 15 ° 3OC 35C A " " ' ** UmOU U pri " •' * t * mi > U regularly ji. 25, for ..'.....•.•. . S3O '
\ Now /^o ISO 2tO 26O/ - Metal Bed-Full size Or three-qua.rtr, one of the most pleasing A!I Mattresses w«T handle : are made of the best unitary ma- _ eeanlne bottle S3fl '
X X Cro^ry. Depart- / and popular patterns, large variety of color- _ P .. ( " tern, that can be porchased - a splend.d . It BurKc slrbh OF Scotch*^, the genuine, B0ttJe»^O
» >«a:» floor^^r ings to select from .. ......... .$13m75 floss mattress fall siie and weight . . . . . . %&3JmUU C«dar Run Bourbon— (5 7 C »") 8*"°° • • • ;
V . "*^*^ , f^CW Pillows— Just arrived, a splendid auality, all feathers from l t T « -p »^ l^
J( • v Good Bed Springs — Thoroughly reliable bed springs, no geese, out of which all oil and animal matter b extracted, mak- ]
% Agent Samples Limoges Frtnch China— At a great reduction from at"". *°. . "T/T* .*? . ! T! * e . qU .° tC . S3.5O . Vr .°* i °. m '? ....... $4*OO Kona Coffee-Celebrated HawaSan Starch— B«t loose, 6 lb» . .. 2So \
* regular prices. These are the samples of the new holiday goods, Among the new arrivals.re weathered oak easy chiirs and rockers and chairs of large and loose cushions; prices $16.50, $30.00, blend «! b * • • **.•«,*/ 1 ?,° Ro«- W^ e whejt •» tT^^ :
$ fine hand-painted and embused decorated China, in Odd Shapes, *3>°°, t4».S°i *» Mdrri. Chair,, Couches and Davenport,. / . 7^". f". Solp-O^ Emporh^' p"r:d=, S i
V 750 different pieces, and priced now like this: Sio.oa tea sets, a 'f m _» 4^4" Sales Table and Lard— Best Eastern, 3-lb. tin. 3 Jo qrallty laundry soap made, 7 bars •
V *7-5°; »*5-co hand-paintei plaques. S3.75; $+.75 celery tray. ifeeSfDJOfPSS SSiSCi %bSffff2SOn CoUOh Covers, Etc. Parraffine- i-lb. P acka 3 es. . .fOo . . • 25o \
\&&!S^SS$£A*~-r>* Tapestries$S^$f.W ™ H *3&^£&«-'^ . $t.so sandais S8o 1
5? Cahm ffupflfl/c 2»r*0§ Oar purchases in these famous makes of Brussels car- $1-75 covers for $1* 19 . _j;__» r\ ne% ,,;,.; U\A "2 ctran
j; AJi/sic Sa/e T^/s Weefr ; attcrn$ are noW arrivir s p and cvcry good ttern thac couch covers - Oriental designs ana coloring,, 50 Sandals, hand-turned soles, -
J Miss Ethel CarroU will sing in our Music D.-partmrnt everyday this week at is made will b- shewn by us. Oar price is less than the samt eocds and 6 ° lnch " Wld =' Vi " Ct >' ° f P at£crns = medilim high FrenCh.heelS, !^S£$$MIM?§ \
% mt:rvaUat 2 to 5 p. m., the xollowing bg song hits, which we - is so'd for elsewhere, and imtjad of orT:ring you three or four pat- - $7-7' «OUCh COV-rs for 5^-»5 • c?I / fn7 nnrf n f q hpHted s^ttJt&^M? '">
V shaU offer at spedal »!e, p=r copy fSC terns to .elect from, vou have the choice of all we have, sewed, **OO COUCh Covers for $2.95 ¦ SIZeS ~ (-. t0 7 ' P^ ° T a De ' alea rS3$$%^%W '
J. • -Yoa Have Won Her Heart, Don't Break It.*' laid and Uned. Js-co c.uch covers for S3. 4 5 shoe shipment; the usual M^M Wk \
at « «It Was Summertime'in Dixie Land." Sanford 10-wire Taputry, yard $1.1 0 Portieres -^ Tapestry, rep and mercerized Armore, $1.50 quality; commencing jSlr 31 '¦
•£ .tlf^You Bu* Knew " * Stinson Kl^wire Tapestry . . .... . ¦ ¦ $1.10 iringed on both ends, a'so vclour and tapestry borders: Monday and while quan- *>g3? '
i\ »She>, Sleeping 'Neath Oregon^. Tall Pines:» | ' t^. '. '. . . I ! V j?^ g | ' - .SS-gg'S gjS^SSg tity tob, pate. ¦•¦ ggjP jIf some men who go West to grow up
with the country would only grow up
to it they'd stand some chance of be
ing big.
flue In the Blackbear Hotel and in an
Incredibly short time the whole town
was ablaze. The flre was only stayed
after dynamite was used to destroy
several houses in Its path. The elec
tric power line, which transmits pow
er from Spokane Falls to several
mines, is burned out and those mines
are left idle. With the exception of
$2500 insurance carried by storekeep
ers the loss Is total.
Fire Caused by Defective Flue De
. stroys an Entire Town
WALLACE, Idaho, Auff. 6. — Scores
of people were rendered homeless and
nearly $100,000 worth of property was
destroyed by flre that swept Black
bear, a small town between .Wallace
and Burke, Idaho, last 1 night. "With
the exception of a dozen small cot
tages in each end of the town there Is
not a building left standing.
The flre was started by a defective
SCORES OF PEOPLE MADE
HOMELESS BY FLAMES
The official statement of the New Tork
Associated Banks last week was somewhat die
appointing In that It failed to reflect the
gain In cash which was estimated upon the
basis of the traceabip movements of monj-y
during the week, ths discrepancy between the
amount of the average gain as reported In
the statement and that which was estimated
being $2,611,000. This difference may be In
great part accounted for, however, by the
fuct that the banks lost an average of 93.-
B00.000 by the payment through them to the.
sub-treasury on Friday of the previous week
of $2,800,000, the amount of the Central Pacific
note, and they also lost 11,500,000 which was
withdrawn on Friday of last week for ship
ment to Cuba on Saturday.
Tha net gain of cash reported by the state
ment was $131,300, specie Increasing ' It $1,
985.800 and legal tenders decreasing $1,854,100.
Deposits fell off $752,200, causing a reduction
of J1SS.0SO In the required reserves, and adding
this sum to the net gain in cash, as above,
made an Increase of $510,250 in surplus re
serve to $5G,303,S30. Computed on the basis
of deposits less those of $23,370,100 public
funds, the surplus Is $62,161,375. Loans were
contracted $1,861,200, probably reflecting thfe
cancellation of those against the proceeds of
the Cuban bonds and also the small volums
of commission-house borrowing: during th»
week. The statement of next week will most
likely show a net gain In cash resulting from
the transfer hither from San Francisco of
about $4,000,000. of which' $3,000,000 will be
Japanese and the remainder Australian gold.
less than $2,f>00,000 of which will be shipped
on Tuesday to London. The daily average of
bank clearings during the week was $170,000.
000. or $6,000,000 lest than la the previous
week, reflecting- the decreased business on the
Stock Exchange.
It i may . be . noted . that . the bank statement
was out of proof the sum of the 'decrease In
loans less the - gain of cash being $O71,S00
greater than the decrease in deposits.
NEW YORK, Aug. 6.— Tha Finan
cier sasra:
Official Statement Falls to Show Esti
mated Gains In Cash.
BANKERS DISAPPOINTED.
Tlios l who know how glorioca a vaca
tion may be spent in Tosemlts Valley
are reserving: seats on the Santa Fa
stages connecting with daily trains from
San Francisco. The Santa Fe rate for a
seven-day trip, with all expenses, is
Ask about it at S41 Market st. •
Those Who Know.
minal Brophy picked up the purse,
in which he found fifteen neatly fold
ed $100 bills. Before the car had
started back a smartly dressed woman
boarded the car, crying that she had
lost her money. When she described
the pouch and its contents Brophy at
once turned it over to her. .
Conductor Returns Purse Oontalnlns
$1500 and Is Tendered a Small
Reward.
NEW YORK, Aug. 6. — Edwin B.
Brophy, a conductor on the Sea Gate
and Manhattan Beach line. Coney Isl
and, has " returned to its owner a
pouch containing $1500. The owner,
a well dressed woman, attempted to
reward his honesty by offering him a
silver quarter. \ -..
, Shortly after the passengers had
left Brophy's car at the Sea Gate ter-
OFFERS CARMAN A QUARTER
FOR FINDING LARGE SUM
HONOLULU, July 31. — The Hono
lulu Anti-Mosquito Committee held a
jnass meeting at the Alexander Young:
Hotel last Friday evening and a num
ber of speakers reviewed the work ac
complished since the committee or
ganized a year ago. The city is com
paratively free from the pest, as a re
sult of the committee's campaign
against mosquito breeding places. The
work was done by private subscription
and is to be kept up.
Honolulu Comparatively Free From
Insect as Result of Labors of
Body's Campaign.
anti-mosquito cojdottee
WINS VICTORY OVER PEST
WASHINGTON, Aug. 6. — The
Comptroller of the Currency to-day
approved as reserve agents the fol
lowing: national banks: National Bank
of America, Chicago, for the First Na
tional Bank of Los Angeles, Cal., and
the First National Bank of San Fran
cisco for the First National Bank of
Redwood City, San Mateo County, Cal.
¦ m ¦
That woman who is most admired
isn't necessarily the most admirable
woman.
San Francisco and Chicago Financial
Institutions Arc Named as
Reserve Agents.
NATIONAL BANKS RECEIVE
COMPTROLLER'S APPROVAL
Railroad officials assert that there Is some
growth of trafflo on their lines and a de
cided Improvement In the business sentiment
in their territory and future business revival.
Increases in net earnings for June by the
Pennsylvania system, the Atchison and the
St. Paul were accepted as an Index of the
improving conditions in railroad finance, due
to an Important degree, however, to drastic
retrenchment In expenses of operation, nota
bly in the case of the Pennsylvania. Unrest
in ths labor world makes this evidence of
retrenchment In order to conserve earnings
a cause of anxiety. i
The discussion of strike preparations by
the anthracite miners, the strikes of the
meat packers and the cotton operatives and
the disturbance in the building trades In
New York all furnish food for this anxiety
and exercise a perceptible repressive effect
on the operations in the stock market. The
shutting down of worKfl by the Pullman Com
pany owing to a lack of orders -'and -of some
of the great harvesting machine works are
of bad effect on sentiment as clear indica
tions of shrinkage In the business. For the
same reason small comfort Is derived from
the great case of the money market, due to
the piling up of Idle reserves in banks.
The meat packers' strike is having tha
effect of aggravating the situation In Chi
cago and St. Louis.. Little attention has been
paid to the war news from the Far East,
except to far as it has been a factor In the
tightening of the London money market and
the withdrawal of gold from New York. The
running deficit in the Government revenues
keeps alive the posslbllty of a necessary with
drawal of Government deposits . from the
banks.
The investment demand, in the bond mar
ket has shrunk to small proportions, but a
good effect is produced by the successful
marketing of several bond Issues to first sub
scribers. !
United States bonds were unchanged on 4
call from last week.
GROWTH OF TRAFFIC.
The small effect produced on the price of
cotton is to be attributed without doubt. In
large part, to the large outstanding short
Interest waiting to cover in anticipation of
current developments. But confidence Is felt
also that tha holding of the price Is due to
the good projects of a favorable market for
the btaple, even with the abundant supply in
prospect. It Is generally believed that stocks
of cotton the world over are at a low state,
owing to the long sustained high price and
the resultant policy of hand-to-mouth buying
which has been followed by consumers. It
is natural that the stocks of companies whose
business is connected with the cotton trafflo
should have been conspicuously strong In the
week's trading. Additional sympathetlo ef
fect has been produced on the group by the
prosperous showing contained In the annual
report of the Southern Railway Company and
by the action of the Central of Georgia direc
tors In declaring the first interest disburse
ment ever allowed for the second preferred
Income bonds of that company.
The prospect of a short crop of wheat
presents a sharp contrast. The heavy decrease
in the exports of wheat for the last fiscal
year is evidence that last year's small sur
plus available for export will be materially
cut down this year, leaving an Important
gap In the foreign commerce of the country.
The corn crop is still looked to hopefully
to eke out the deficiency In our grain ex
ports, the more so as all accounts point to
a serious shortage In th» foreign wheat crops.
The foreign demand for corn is already re
ported to be Increasing, and the further prog
ress of that crop, which promises well, will
be watched with Interest, as an Important
factor in the business conditions of the com
ing r^ar. Other factors in the outlook have
been as mixed as those for the crops. The
week's advices Indicate some revival in the
iron and steel trade and great Importance is
attached to these. Large orders have been
placed for pig Iron, and the announcement of
orders for 60,000 tons of steel rails for the
Harriman system of railroads had a marked
effect on the stocks of that syststn and on
the iron and steel stocks.
CONFIDENCE IS FEUT.
Total sales of bonds (par value). $1,145,000.
Increased attention has been given In the
stock market this week to the condition and
prospect of the crops. Che conflicting influences
from that source have caused a tone of hesita
tion in the stock market and a decrease In
the activity of the trading. But the most bril
liant prospects ever recorded for a large ami
profitable cotton crop, and with reports Jn
currency during the week pointing to something,
like a disaster to the year's wheat crop, the
divided sentiment in the stock market la ex
plained. The consideration of the cotton crop
wsji prompted by the publication of the Gov
ernment's estimate of a condition on July 23
of 81.0 per cent, of an estimated acreage of
32.000.COO. The sharp rise in condition In July
is contrary to the usual precedent. Although
the critical period of the crop Is yet to come,
the favorable progress thus far and the ab
sence of serious hurtful factors In the weather
conditions from day to day give rise to the
brightest hopes for this highly Important ele
ment In the country's prosperity.
'With the exception of gains in tome of the
obscure specialties the prlco changes were con
fined to email fractions, mostly gains, and the
closing was firm.
NEW . YORK. Aur. 6.— There is little to |
record of to-day's short session of the Stock
Exchange. Dealings ran down to the level of
! midsummer dullness and the movement o{
i prices was so sluggish as to be entirely lit
1 conclusive as to any sentiment over the ou£-
I look for values to be expressed. The uncer
tainty over the extent of damage to the sprlrfg
wheat was a continuing factor and Is expected
to be until the publication of the Government
report next Wednesday. The rally in consols
i» a favorable influence on all securities mar- j
kets. The outgo of sold which has been in- j
augurated is the subject of interested dis
cussion, but is of little concrete effect, owing
to the plethoric condition of the money market.
Foreign bankers refrain from offerinc bills
against future shipments of Brain and cot
ton, as they usually do at this time of year,
because there is no chance of employing the
proceeds to advantage in the present stagnant
money markets here.
The money rate is relatively high in London
and no commercial bills of exchange are offer
ing as a means of remittance of credits. The
shipment of gold is therefore the only alter
native. The gold outgo next week, so far as ar.
ranged, promises to be more than offset by
the expected receipt at San Francisco of i
94,000,000 in Japanese and Australian gold to I
be transferred to New York by telegraph. The
bank statement did not reflect the full gain In
reserves indicated by the preliminary estimates,
but the showing was complicated by opera
tions in connection with the remittance to
Cuba on. account of the loan installment.
Outgo of Gold Causes An
imated Discussion, but
Has ; No Concrete Effect
MONEY MABKETS TIGHT
Uncertainty Felt About the
Wheat Crop a Factor in
Dealings of the Brokers
STOCK PRICES
ARE SLUGGISH
THE SAN FRANGISCO CAIX SUNDAY. AUGUST 7, 1904.
26
ADVERTISESIEXTS.
WEEKLY CALL., PEB'TEAS,
; ADVERTISEMENTS.
J0SS /j^&Lrf^ Jg_y _^F _r * •__ «Cx _r^^^**% \__ _ _ Bt
w from Bolicmis, ~ '^^^\
We send our buyers there every year to get the best that *(|
are grown, and we pay twice what common hops cost.. ¦
A partner in our business buys our barley, and selects the M
We get our water from six wells, bored 1400 feet to rock. I
Our yeast is all developed from the original mother cells fi
which helped to make Schlitz Beer famous. jfl
All the air that touches Schlitz Beer comes to it through If
air filters. And the beer itself is fiiltered through white V*
wood pulp. Then we age it for months, until it can't AS
cause bilicstisness. . |i]
We sterilize every bottle. Ask for the brewery bottling. if|
' las Ancel**~*SHERW00D & SHE.RWOOD~*S*n Francisco 1 *i
The BeerThat Made^ MilwauKee Famous. \
E&IfjfiVVE'&l^ 7WEIN
kla'IM DR. HALL'S KEIKVIGORATOB
I,—— l*Sjo stop* all ]oat«s and unnatural dt»-
U M charges In 24 hours. Ton t—l an
|*r~J r~H linprov«meot from th« first do§«.
J7?fl Ku\ h»v« *o niuch cosfl<3enc» In our
iV-tt trn treatrrmt that we cSer Flv* Hun-
I 1 i _ M <« re< i reward for any etc* w • oaa-
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ not cure. Thl» secret remedr eurea
lott power. Rigrhtly emissions, waattd orsmaa,
varicocele. sleet, strictures, kidneys, failing
memory, drains in the urint, gonorrhea, dis-
ease of the postate glands 'and all other ttrtl*
bl* effects of eelf-abus*. or excesses, which lead
on to consumption and death. Positively cares
tfce worst cases In old or yousg of that morti-
fying condition, quickness of the discharge, and
wanting to do, and you can't. Sent sealed. $3
per bottle; thre* bottles. |5. Guaranteed
cur* any case.
CaM or addres* erdera HALL'S ' MEDICAL
INSTITUTE. S&3 Bro»dw»y, Oakland. C»L
Alfo for »«le at 1073 Vi M»rk*t it.. 8. F. Etnd
for trrt boc_.
DIRECTORY
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
rarss azto sa_t heats.
IIC F fiVF? & Ci) Shipping Butchtn. 1OS
JA2m LUICo (I CU. o*y. TeL Mmia 12M.
OZZ.B.
LCBTlICATrNG OILS: LEONARD A ELLIS.
CIS Front «t., H. F. Phone Main 1718.
3SSE l PHIKTUTO.
F f RfTfiHPQ PRINTER.
I. l.niUnt-.. 611 Sa.n«m» «t.. «. P.
8% A EB|kWLyB|S^ Is the joy of the household, for without
fcy/ fjsl Bk W '%k it no happiness can be complete. How
BQ9 HBR ¦ Tm 1 fi^» evreet the picture of mother and babe,
m&^^m\ml0 H angels «mile at and commend the
mm g ff^ h Am*, m thonght* and aspirations of the mother
Vaitf §TH I ffB WT bending orer the cradle. The ordeal through
V / 11 ¦¦" which the expectant mother must pass, hovr-
W X& I W Hi ever » " *° fuU of dan g er and suffering that
she looks forward to the hour when she 6hall
feel the exquisite thrill of motherhood with indescribable dread and
fear. Every woman should know that the danger, pain and horror
of child-birth can be entirely avoided by the use of mother's Friend,
A scientific liniment for external use only, which toughens and renders
pliable all the parts, and "" ______
great crisis in perfect safety ™ ™ ™" ™ '
and without pain. Sold at fx.oo per _S9S^ H B3 f£Bk
value to all women tent free. Address IP If mW
ADYTE^RTISEMEyTS. _ __
THE BEST AFLOAT OR ASHORE
I f mU I 1 2 1 m.~ ', ¦ I » . - j f ' wfrwmvm Mm
I w M^^^HS ' I fc* 1 I ', . ) I e* " ' ' &3m9^^ _*^MH^9mirm W nvSWr mm
f000^ "V^ ¦¦¦ ->^ BOURBON
w
f r e e
'beautiful and useful premiums to
of Port Costa flour
Ask your grocer. Every time you buy flour insist on
Port Costa — the pure, white, uniform flour. Attached to
.. each sack is a premium coupon. Send it to us.
List* of Premiums
Value. Value.
2. Victor Talking Machine 12. Ladies' Writing Desk $12.00
fflve records complete).. $50.00 13. Rodgers' Silver Set (full
S. Old Dutch Clock (eiz feet set) knife, fork and spoon 13.00
high) 37.00 14. Bedstead (White Enam-
5. Hall Tree and Hat Rack .. 23.00 „ li eled > 18.00
4. Folding Camera (com- 1B - Bohemian Glass Table
plete outfit) 80.00 Set 10.00
6. Six-foot Chiffonier, plate 16. Chafing Dish 8.00
mirror, five drawers 80.00 JJ. Carving Set 8.00
«. China Dinner Set 18.00 18. Suit Case 7.50
7. Velour Couch (six feet 19. Accordion 7.00
long) 164)0 20. Beautiful Red Parlor
8. Go-Cart and Baby Car- _,. Lamp 7.00
rlage 15.00 "I. Rattan Rocker 6.00
». Tool Chest containing 22- Baby's High Chair 6.00
sixteen tools 18.00 2S - Ev *n Balanced Scale.... 4.50
10. Chatelaine Gold Watch.. 12.50 ffe ?££? *,£& •;;; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; Jgg
11. Morris Chair 12.00 26. Lady's Bilk Umbrella 3.00
Port, Costa Milling Co. 23 °. caMfornia
m 5t«, 5. r •
ADVERTISEMENTS. . ' \_
i«UMMuwijffli£j^^ ffl||^ liiillliilliroiffsfllffl»»»W "'Iff
|=—— PAYMENTS TO SUIT YOUR INCOME I
m Self ct what you need and then arrange for payments to suit your income. .*: •. f.
| We have furnished thousands of .cozy homes in this way, and many of them were furnished on smaller incomes than j.
1 yours. Start now to be comfortable and happy. . j
I * EVERYTHING FOR THE HOME, AND 1 Ipp ? CREDIT FOR EVERYTHING ? |
I Combination Bookcase $13.50 S " TABOURETTe" $8.00-Parlor Chair or Rocker-$8.00 1 • I£y $3^0 Down j
H ... . .. , ' . . \, . , . « Two splendid parlor pieces, graceful TO SECTJKE THS E5AMELSD BS9 {
1 v. f Iade v of , leathered oak book shelves .. flQ &nd restf P ull Ae / lgne± V _ th en J1.00 a week.- j
a below, book cupboard at the Bide; com- **«W , , n he pictare _th e y are It comes in apple green white «nd |
I c m o°m d l U n *T\ h«' k wl?. lar £de th or Oak or mahogany, as you plain. But it's this plainness that makes arJ
B common, 26 inches wide. Made of * J ' •>. them so desirable. Their beauty de- arriving almost daily at the big Mar- ft
m choice oak with massive hinges and choose. .Prettily designed and pen d3 on' graceful curves, fine polish, ket street store. t j
M lock, escutcheons of antique copper. solidly built rich upholstering. . Massive, rich, and at a price that la I \
B Five and a half feet In height — not - " Full spring seats. upholstered In a revelation tomcat metal a***-] Qf\ \
H small, but small priced. No mail or telephone orders solid color Verona velours. bed seekers. Price |
B No mail or telephone orders accepted. accepted. No mail or telephone orders accepted. ' * /yj mail or telephone orders accepted. \
I iti&PflNSfe' I CARPET PRICES I i^^H K^? S
H I <T/iTUj7 ffliwi' al i li -VHUVET CARPETS, a yard, 95c; sewed, lined and laid. Rich ll \ 1 J \ 3 1 1 ll ! \\
H I r'Vul wyt 1' floral and Oriental patterns, two-tone effects, l'Art Nouveau. ll i I li ¦ rj
R \ \nl/ 3 ft SAXONY AXMINSTEBS. a yat«, 91.25; sewed, lined and laid. II < ] j I II I j ' !<
m V )wL 9 am 1 1 Beautiful color harmonies; carpets for richness and effect. h ' ' ' ' I ll 1 U ti
H fejil/l 5 (^#. 1 a BRTJSSEI.ETTIJ CAKPET, a yard, 45c; sewed, lined and laid. Room 11 i J: ]• \i\_v). j ¦ -ji I A
M jjlfni if / _ l.W^lJ . i _ patterns, hall and stair patterns: two-tone reds and preens. For beauty \\ \\ \ i J ' |F ih 1 '' -li H
H {^ZZT , ] "~***~^l 5fj^^^^i and wear lfc la better than any of the cheap tapestry carpets on the market. ' <W: . t ¦ J: UV. -^4^V^ |'|
I E31»^^H IN THE DRAPER-Y ROOM feK^fiBSt I
H f§ C-^WaJr^"*^ HfvJ] ' ' ' ft POSTimuiS, a pair, 82.00- 50-lnch fringed portieres; both sides LT'LZ^J^— = 1^ „ ,. _. M
1 fl^— - Q|T V U ' \ COUCH COVERS, each. 81.40- Reversible, 60 inches wide (full \\\ p , ' y* i ' j — \ li \l^-C ' \\
M a — »-^~" »¦-¦*• * width); fringed all around; heavy tapestry and rich colorings. Vv P^ nSjT 255^ tL- ¦*~ = ' f 1
M « TA TJAffT SXXiZ CUSHIOIT TOPS, each, 60c In the richest of Oriental color- Y$l , ___JO55 %a J J 1 FI - I |!
m m^ i-ftv" ings, 26 inches square; a variety of designs almost endless. \_5«$ "^^s^^^ t ,: „-=¦ !}
I Bcov"!t dlpirtSSnt- **°B CTOTAUTS. a pair. 85c An unusually good one for a cheap % T
j price littleness ¥n& varfetv oY desienT curtain: net is strong and washable. Plenty of patterns and plenty of, _, « . rt.^j. {
] These chalrl are in wlathwed I oakj curtains at this price; a brand new shipment. BcdrOODlRocker BCOrOOm ChaiT I
I ss°R?sit w 55 iS d nffh! n oak * can> KITCHENRY. TOO uJ l *!L. w^m <wt. 8 « c p«tty
H No mail or telephone orders accepted. *•* * »*^1^*X A 9 * m the picture shows them. Good serviseable I]
H — —^_^»-^— i—^ M TWO-BtTBHSB OAS STOVES, S1.23. 24 inches In length, reliable: chairs at money saving price*. j I
H _^rtTj Vip+'i 1 ' ft — ¦— » burners that will not leak; stands nigh from the table; well made and No mail or telephone orders accepted. jj
H \^S^§&^ 13-XKCK OAS OVXir, SI. 25. Made of polished steel; one of the very RTWV ¦ »p» m» j j
M best made; B P ecial price that lasts while the supply lasts. ISl^t''^"' • **i>C ll
g rn "(b" 1 1m uj'^Q 12-HTCH OAS OVXN, 81.00- Tin ovens, double walls, tight fitting J%lfc>l3/ t *f*^ \\
1 Mat*s9 w9 E18»wrt^_____ - __yw_ii_____^m___j___W___riF8'*j kv 1 ! v r 1 *c / ' v ? if • 1
ana strong. , . • ¦ - ¦- : ¦ \ -. , ' sleep Is no part of the upholstery: n is seo- I*
6-inch turned legs. 43- CIO AH Hi^AA B gg fSEfc, Wf^BRKS^ <Thf&T&ffh<ZA^TT'F' arate and is used only for tie ted. I'.
to X sIx t f°e P et l pfice 6XtendS J*O»"U I||%Q M8Mi^^0 K *P*?* 9 **&V B K la En«set Leather 8S0.00 i
No mail or telephone orders accepted. S^w0 «m£a@a&& ISA SL ' IfiS AULISTER m woo" Tapestry '.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.. $4o!oo I
14 K. 14 K.
Elgin' ./ • Waltham
Hljrh Qrada Watchaa sad Jewelry on
Small Weekly or Monthly Payments.
DEREMER'S
137 Montgomery St.
Room 12. Vo stairs. Phone James 4990.
F'^^^^ Buy the ff
Lfl ROCHESTER y
£h*km$Pun Holder 1
PUtt MoltUr Made. W
ffiy We $c 5 ir^j A f or t jj^rt Umf at B
> CUT PRICES V
¦ 4xS nil Md mfcr urn fct*tfnn»i8l MM 60' m
¦ •%x7«atsU)imu4x« Iff Pr«»lt$ muMJ* \'
> SUNSET BAZAAR.
R 4aThtrd itrxt . 3»w fi>*ftcu(o IIColonel A. C. Girard, Dr. E. Caldron.
Dr. F. Fehleisen, Dr. George Good
fellow, Dr. C. C. Wadsworth. Dr. W.
Montgomery. Dr. H. A. L. Ryfkogel
and Dr. R. Knight Smith.
St. Francis Hotel. Among those pres
ent were the following members of
the medical profession: Dr. W. S.
Thome, Dr. J. Shlels, Dr. E.
Barry, Dr. E. G. McConnell, Dr. E. F.
Glaser, Dr. S. J. Hunkin, Professor J.
Loeb, Dr. -George Shlels, Dr. T. W.
Huntlngton, Dr. W. F. B. Wakefleld,
Dr. W. I. Terry, Dr. M. Regensburger,
Dr. Grant Self ridge. Professor F.
Lengfeld, Dr. A. G. Lengfeld, Dr. Her
bert C. Moffltt, Dr. J. Dennis Arnold,
Dr. George Chismore, Dr. F. Adams.
Dr.'D. <D. Crowley, Dr. I. W. Thome,
Detective Theodore Wolters of the
Identification Bureau saw two men en
ter the Good Fellows' Orotto, opposite
the City Hall, yesterday morning and
he recognized one of them as Joseph
Eancroft, alias George Wlllard, alias
George Henderson, alias George Ray—
a well-known Eastern crook. A
photograph of Bancroft had been sent
from the East and it was from this
photograph that Wolters recognized
him.
Joseph Bancroft, With Many Aliases,
Is Suspected of Plying Vocation
of a Pickpocket.
"WELL-KNOWN EASTERN
CROOK IS ARRESTED
The detective followed the two men
into the grotto and when they entered
a side room he went up to Bancroft
and placed him under arrest. Ban
croft, who was stylishly dressed, pro
tested that Wolters had made a mis
take. "I am a gentleman," he said,
"and you had better be careful of what
you do." Wolters promptly slipped
the handcuffs over his wrists and
made a' grab for the other man, who
struggled fiercely to get away. Wolters
hung to them both till Bancroft's com
panion slipped out of his coat and ran
out of the place.
Bancroft was taken to the City
Prison and locked up In "the tanks."
Some of the men whose pockets have
been picked recently are being round
ed up by Detectives Ryan and Taylor
for a look at Bancroft.
A service irk memory of Dr. Theo
dore Herxl will be held to-night at
B'nai B'rith^Hall, 121 Eddy street, un
der the auspices of the Helpers of
Zlon. Addresses will be delivered by
Rabbi 'isidor Myers and Rabbi M. S.
Levy, president and vice president of
the society. The music will be ren
dered by Cantor Liederman of New
York, _i
Service at B'nai B'ritli Hall.
Jnlea of 31S Pino 6t. is in n« way con
nected with any uptown restaurant. •
The new motor car, built for use
of the Signal Service Corps. U. S. A.,
on its trip to Atascadero proved to be
a filer. It made the run from this
city to San Jose via Oakland, on Fri
day night in two hours ten minutes.
So far as speed was concerned over a
straight away road it more than met
the requirements.
The convoy party, consisting: of Ma
jor West. Major Dunning, Captain Ly
man and T. J. Barbour, were not so
successful in their trip over the same
ground, as they ran afoul of a bunch
of tacks In the road, which punctured
a tire and delayed them more than an
hour.
The trial of Captain Frank A. Cook,
accused of conduct unbecoming an of
ficer and a gentleman, will begin to
morrow at 10 o'clock before a court
martiarat the Presidio.
The transport Dix, which left here
July 26 with her valuable load of
high-bred horses, mules and cattle for
the Philippines, made the trip to
Honolulu in good shape and Bailed
from that port for- Manila yesterday.
, The transport Sheridan, which sail
ed July 15 from Manila, arrived at
Honolulu yesterday and will leave to
day for San Francisco.
3LACHIXE SHOWS SPEED.
night the major will Inspect the com
pany in San Jose.
The National Guard of California is
about ready to go to the camp of in
struction and maneuvers in San Luis
Oblspo County, and will start next Fri
day evening, reaching their destination
the next day.
Assistant Adjutant General T. J. Hay
of the Third Brigade will not go to
ca^np on account of illness, neither will
General Warfteld nor Major Hendy of
the Second Brigade.
Colonel Hayes of the Fifth Infantry
• has ordered every oiflcer in the regi
ment to report at camp with his or
ganization, and any one not attending
will have to furnish a valid excuse.
Emmen R. Jones has been commis
sioned- captain of the signal corps, Sec
ond Brigade. Thomas M. Heard has
been appointed assistant surgeon of the
Seventh Infantry. George M. Scott has
• passed a successful examination for
second lieutenant of the signal corps,
.Second Brigade.
; Orders have been issued to the First
: Infantry, stationed in this city, to get
- ready for the journey to Camp Atasca
dero. The field staff, non-commissioned
Ftaff. band, sanitary corps and the first
and second battalions, made up of four
companies each, will leave on the train
at- Third and Tounsend streets at 8:30
. p. m. next Friday in service uniform.
.All heavy camp equipage and bag
gage will be shipped from the armory
.•p. the evening of the 11th.
NO PI CMC.
All the features which in the past 1
were used to make the camp a grand
picnic' ground have been eliminated. 1
"This year it will be under the super
. vision of United States army officers,
. a strictly military affair, with all the
• social features cut out. Whether the
.National Guard will appreciate this !
v.Ill \>o ascertained after the return
from Atascadero.
Additional Second Lieutenant Fred- 1
' trick \V. Hammond having been com- j
. missioned first lieutenant of the Firtt
Infantry, has been assigned to duty as |
battalion adjutant, vice West, pro- !
niotcd.
Sergeant John C. Brady, Company E,
First Infantry, has been appointed col
yj • sergeant on the regimental staff,
vice Cragie; Arthur H. Clifford com
missary sergeant, vice Lemmetyre, and
Charles D. Lowe battalion sergeant
major, vice Mallville.
In the same regiment Sergeant Henry
D. Tuggy has been appointed first ser
ptant of Company G, vice Charles E.
ICojres; Sergeant Frank E. Tully first
.sergeant of Company E, vice Murphy;
Sergeant Walter J. Rousell first ser
geant of Company D, vice Staples; Ser
geant Osma C. Welk quartermaster
sergeant of Company A. vice Cunning
ham, and Privates Denis J. Oliver and
Bert K. Davis have been appointed ser-
In the sanitary corps.
Upon the recommendation of the regl- '
mental examining board the following 1
appointments and promotions in the ',
ifgiment have been made: Private Os
ma C. Welk, Company A, to be ser
geant, 90 per cent; Private Charles Mc-
Keon, Company A, to be corporal, 75
I er cent: Corporal Thomas A. Graham,
Company K, to be sergeant, 95 per cent;
Corporal Charles Brothers, Company E,
to be sergeant, S3 per cent; Private
William Campbell, Company E, to be
corporal, SO per cent; Private George
Adkias, Company E, to be corporal, 78
per cent; Private Diedrich A. Hagens,
Company F, to be sergeant, 75 per cent;
Corporal Dennis O'Donnell, Company
O. to be sergeant, S3 per cent; Private
Clarence Anderson, Company G, to be
corporal, S»0 per cent; Private David
Weir, Comuany G, to be corporal, 80
per cent; Private William J. Driscoll,
Company G, to be corporal, 75 per cent,
and Private Henry A. Ritter, Company
H, to be pr rgeant, 75 per cent.
BANDMASTER GOES.
Friction that has existed in the regi
ment for some time between those In
authority and the regimental bandmas
ter, or chief musician, G. W. Holliater,
has resulted in his discharge from the
regiment "for the good of the service,"
as appears in orders.
The following aesignmenta to bat
talions in the Fifth Infantry have been
made: Second Lieutenant S. M. Morse
head, with the first; First Lieutenant
A. W. Foster, with the second; Second
Lieutenant E. H. Geary, battalion
quartermaster and commissary, with
the second.
Clemente R. Arques has been ap
pointed additional second lieutenant of
the Fifth Infantry.
Dwight Strong, lieutenant first bat
talion. Fifth Infantry, has tendered his
resignation, which has been accepted.
First Lieutenant Paul Coulter, also of
the Fifth, has tendered his resignation.
Major D. A. Smith, who inspected the
company at Livermore last week, found
it In good condition. The company had
work in extended orders, which was
v*rv creditably executed. To-morrow
Proiuotioiis and Appoint
ments in First and Fifth
Regiments of the Militia
CHANGES IX INFANTRY
Citizen Soldiers to Leave
'; 011 Friday Night for a
• Trip to Camp Atascadero
STATE GUARD
IN READINESS
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 7. 1904.
Dr. Morris Hertzstein, who has Just
returned from Europe, was the guest
of honor at a dinner given last even
ing by a number of his friends at tha
Dinner to a Home Comer.
Congressman Minor Makes Brilliant
Prophecy at Banquet or George
li. Thomas Post.
The twenty- fifth anniversary dinner
of George H. Thomas Post No. 2, G.
A. R., was held at the Occidental Ho
tel last night. Covers were laid for
165. Among the guests of honor was
Congressman Minor of Wisconsin, a
member of the Merchant Marine Com
mission visiting 1 this State, who was
invited to speak. He expressed his
sentiments regarding the ocean going
commerce of the United States, which,
he seemed to think, had been neglect
ed while other interests were carefully
fostered.
The banquet-room was .tastefully
decorated with American flags and
after the dinner toasts were responded
to as follows:* "The Occasion," Com
mander F. Ij.* Turpin; "The President
of the United States," Charles E. Wil
son; "Comradeship," A. D. Cutler;
"Reminiscences of George H. Thom
as," W. R. .Smedberg; "A Quarter
Century of G. A. R. History," W. R.
Smedberg;' "The Past and Future of
George H. Thomas Post," J. R. Scup
ham, N. B. Coleman and A. S. Fiske:
"Boys of the Post (under 60)," C. A.
Woodruff.
The toasts dealt largely with sub
jects of interest to the old soldiers
present. Congressman Minor diverted
somewhat from this line of talk when
he paid a high compliment to Califor
nia and prophesied that the commerce
of the Pacific would exceed that of the
Atlantic and should be carried In
American > vessels.
SAYS PACIFIC WILIi OUTDO
THE ATLANTIC IS TRADE
27
I Odd bits of furniture can be I
I bought cheaply — FURNISHED
FLATS and HOUSES, too.
I Bargains daily fn our FUR-
NITURE FOR SALE columns.
? *
ADVERTISEMENTS.
visit DR. JORDAN'S great
OF &MTQM)
0 £$ ""• Jti2ri: C7.tr.. 6:147th, c.r.C;!. 4
\ ,C The Larrett Ajutcmlcal Museum la tk* \
A £%¥£ A C3. JORDAN-n!SEASES OF KEH f)
\ r*^7fl _ Coa « ult "»« *'** «o<J »trictlT priT.te. \
0 I J&K D l5" t:acJt P*«^r.»!. y or by Irttcr. A A
V * ff 1 BAHaiAGE, MAtLia rKU. ( A V
X Q it » ** !u « b! « book tat torn) • \
V CB. JOCDiN A CO.. 10£l Market St.S. F. Y
HOSTETTER'S
ST0HACH BITTERS
To cure a weak stomach is to
take Hcstetter's Stomach Bitters
at the very first symptom. It does
away with starving and dieting
yourself because it puts the stom-
ach in proper condition to digest
the food. In this way it cures
Indigestion, Dyspepsia, Constipa-
tion, Biliousness, Heartburn, In-
somnia, Headache, Cramps or
Diarrhoea. Nervous and sickly
women also find the Bitters un-
equaled as a regulator and tonic.
We urge a fair trial. V. *;-
ADVERTISE>rEXTS.
THE MODERN WAY
KITW APymTISEMEyTS.
Makes hair light ami fluffy. Stops Itcbloc ln»Unt«y ,
SOINCJI GOING.!! GONEIU
lUnCIDE WILL^iTETr. U HPICIDE Will SATE IT. TOP LATE f 01 KIRPICIDL .
NEU/flRh'Q UFRPIPinF i?£i^tii^&s^z
IVLflDniJ U nLnrlulUL «*«ihtlrth»t could b«s»ved. Ifyourolrror
llbllUUV V lllal.ll IWIMb couUfulk It would plead with yott to Wav« your
Tkl Orlginl Hioi<l«i*« itiOt tat OtOireff lira." hair-not the comblnsrs." •¦ It can be dona with
* Ntwbro's Htrplclde which kills tha microbe that
DON'T BLAflB YOUR MIRROR caosas dull, brittle and Justerless hair, also aand-
UKir% ¦ DLAim "W 1^ miKKWK a||4 uMn - h^,. D««troytha germ and tha
Many ladles compel their mirrors to b»«r silent hair's natural luster and abundance will return.
witness to needless hair- destruction. Day after Marvelous results. . An exquisite hair dressing.
., Dm Stores, $1.00. Scetf 10c ttanps, tj KEWCIOE CO.. Dipt. H, Dctnit, Mleb M fir t ttapte.
APPUcATioyg at wtoig vnitrs aAmara shops.
PRAGEKS I PRAGEBS ( PRAGERS | PRAGERS \ PRAGERS . | PRAGERS
Slirh ValffUPQ AcThAQA f\ VK EXPANSION CLEAN-UP SALE has proven to be oiie of the most popular «% ¦•• » A „ •,. •
JUtU ? a*aiC5-a5 1 £IC>^ il ones ever conducted by this store. Both customers and employes seem to li-IDDOIlS OI AH KlI\OS
Rarely Given at, Dress Goods V nave caught the spirit of the sale, and there was more than usual "dash and go"
, g... Q - f during the entire Week. [ QARELY, if ever, has such «i bargain in
anq mik sale. Customers were rewarded with values that they never thought, possible fi ribbons been offered. The variety is so
THE dependability of our materials in before and all Were Satisfied. ? • /great that it includes all colors and
BesinningMondoy.more bargains Waibeoffered-differentand better than ever. fM 7«tiu2L M- £&
store. Every line we now have in stock is be- | ~ " ! HlV f. uc , h , I)rc ! tv , h f ir bo *? : 3. inches wide in the
ing cleaned out at Expansion Sale prices, and W OmG lV»C Annflrpi— Will %<%C>tt Mo\/A Sff^SJS^^
the saving is exceptional. ?? VJlUCIl 5 YV COl Mlg /TLppUrCA** W 111 OOOIl JYIO VC s 0 yard-Beautiful Corded Ombre Ribbons-5
rr An extra good quality of Silk Crepe de Chine; - , JT~ 7 ~ _ . — ! — InP mches wide - suitable for neck, waist or hat
•^ iC warranted to retain the crepe effect; colors Title IIAIVattfftlAtlf ¥ T«t* + >l«MCt PTICCS Clltj • lUU trimming; many Rood combinations of col-
wuw rcKe. sray. tan, sky. lilac, brown, navy and 1I11& 1/CUd! tlllClll \J O5itSII 5« FurrriPr Th<in ITvor ' orings that will wash. The regular value
black. The regular value 85c a yard. __: ' T § T T Urtner lnCUl ILVCT. 35c a yar d.
AO .36-inch guaranteed Black Taffeta; guarantee on ttd 1 • . ,1 tr^^* »-i- rn.> . ... ¦ ft f\ yard-— Roman Striped Ottoman Silk Rib-
VNC selvedge—This is not a lining silk, but just f\ U bu y er 1S now in tne iiast secunnj his new fall and winter stock, and before any of these J Jf\ bon; this is a beautiful, heavy quality of
yuv the thing for suits, etc. Regularly sold at $1.25 \JJ garments arrive we must clean out all that remains at present in this department. The prices 1 V UU Ottoman silk; 4 inches wide; very stylish
the yard. I are far lower than they ever have been. ! J ust now fnr makin s crnsli belts: in light
d» t 0 Black Peau de Soie; 36 inches wide; we xatt nwirn <:tttt«; eTTV grounds with dark stripes and dark grounds with
\\ \S guarantee this silk; rich finish, double face TAILORED SUITS. SILK COATS. light stripes. Regularly worth 85c a yard.
V 11 " 0 and heavy weight; a regularly $1.75 quality. fl»7 ir About eighty suits in this lot, all nicely tai- tf»x p»A d»*7 ir 1 fr\ k t\r About one hundred (r A for piece of 10 yards— No. 1 Black V'el-
nr 1 (M AA Black Moire Silk for petti- Jh/ .4J lored; in very neat styles and good assortment Jfl,!)!}. JK/.4S 10 Jhl4.MI) and sixty in this I HP vet Ribbon; satin back; always sold at 25c
nC AM SI flfl coats; trimming and coats. j' ™ of colors; the sizes are broken; formerly sold VV«e/Vj V.I .W IV tpi*,7tl , ot> showinK the IJU the niece.
It>W UllU (plcUU The popularity and dura- irom 514-95 up to $20.00. finest assortment of styles on sale this season. Thpv art-
bility of this silk need no comment. Excellent C*1 i Ar 4 (t»|Z kr We are .offering about made of Taffeta and Peau de Soie Silk; are 28 to 34 Y> 1~ *J ¦
values for the money. >|4 M!) flflfl #Ml1 4H one hundred of our very mcher. in length; hardly any two alike; a choice collec- jLTODrOluGriBS
DRESS GOODS VI*. 7U ««U tpiU.te; stylish suits including tion to select from. Real values from $12.50 up to $30. w**w« VI>iVI *^^
iA 44 -inch Etamincs; in all the popular shades some of our fall arrivals at these low prices. They. PONGEE COATS. i 1"^ MBROIDERIES are alwavs in season.
49CMj k ; t 'J JT.^S' Wi " ' hr " d - a " d " I1S nXfa? h^v^'is'r 'atnT'aT^rt^y ffiW'SS U-M f ft «17 K " «^?>W^ ? E 3nd th " e « ™«* M ™^ ! »" h^
rcguiarb at 6qc a yard. mtrly sold at Sa2. 5 o to $28.50. - «P7."3 10 3)1 / Ad "« hundred Pongee Coats at ¦*—> but when you procure them at such ri-
• • • ««*. • about one-halt original onces j- i i i • •%% ,-r -. ,
ClirtaiI\S find DraiBerie^ MISSES' SUITS These are odds and ends of broken lines of this season's dlCUlOUSly low prices as we will offer Mon-
m.*mm.ms, *^» %a|f^» *^ vJ Beautiful- very choicest styles; they are most beautifully trimmed; day there is no reason why you should not
STRIKING indeed are these specials from $11.50, tblZ.45 300' \ y made . Suits sold fro^iYto $r y ° Ur ft' am ° ng this lot; rcRularly la^ in a bi S su PP ! y-
the Art and Drapery departments. Ev- sizcs » lfi come in |ain sty i^ 'color^'afso ' " WRAPPERS. • jl ft F^M th , ous^ d y" ds of $* Cam "
cry item !S a great reduction, and values the new mannish mixtures and some pretty smart jaun- nt\ We are offerir.tr a lot of about five hundred wran lAP C , a " d . Musl i n Embroidery in Guipure and
such as these have never been excelled. ty patterns; all nicely tailored and trimmed. This lot 7Qr Pers in^assorted styles; hi^ deep 3?oke7 pr«5& l4>lj Me/ffirffeiSffiS^IJ^fffiSS
These goods will go out quicklv, and it will also includes twenty-five Peter Ihompson navy blue /v trimmed; others come plain shoulders trimmed Worth 20c and -c the vard "
oav vou to call earlv Blouse Suits: handsomely trimmed; the regular values with braids; all have deep flounces; lined waists. Regu- T J u a 1
pay } ou to call earl } $I7 4 , tQ $22 , 0 goM at and v . yard-Embroidery Insertions made on sheer
/>/• hundred and fifty pairs only of Cord- - ¦ | Ufl Cambric in openwork designs that are so
\/ iSed Arabian Curtains, in two. designs; in w . I U U stylish for maKing shirt waists; from 1 to 2
-tuu new and beautiful patterns of a heavy SwAMMiA U I am«« €w£mi.a.m. mm* i JB - _^ _^_ a* inches wide; about three thousand yards in
corded Arabian lace; a good strong, serviceable V GrV vlLPlf Tiff LPflClPr^i ll\ 1 lt% WIP^H 1^^ the lot. Regularly worth 20c the yard.
net that will wash and wear well. Never sold less WV*H*\/ V \*& J W &1 VlAg WVUVVl vP AA & &f V/lAA^C^ tfl\/d ==============================================^^
than $3.75 a pair. An excellent bargain for the — ' . — ,. «j •» « • £ \JLT
money. PORTIERES. If OUSEHOLD necessities are, always in demand, and for Monday . this department has some rUHlQKerCllieiS IOF W Oltieil
(t»^ /|rPair — Heavy Tapestry Portieres; extr? I fl .. „ i_- t. cr 1 < .
\\ U^wide and finished with heavy knotted * * tempting offers, which you cannot afford to overlook. arid PhllHrfm
in all the leading shades of green, • TABLE LINENS. i BLANKETS | allQ V/1HIU1 Cll
Hll for%6S h a S na1r etheSameqUaHty th3t gCnCralIy ,1vC yard-Full Bleached Satin Table Damask; 60 d»i^C P^ir-An extra large size California White ¥ T ERE are two soecials to think ovi-r
sen tor $0.00 a PJ""- °'* inches wide; sold everywhere else at 60c the yard. M.fil) Blanket; 2 yards wide; in pink, light blue or LJ x? Sf v r *u 11
u V 1 *? 1 ***?***^'- rr • u , , „ „, , , i • „ Vr*»VO rcd bord e r s ; finished with a heavy two-inch tl The^ are Han dkerchiefs that sell reg-
iC^'o c e hundre< * dozen Linen Hemstitched rn yard— Full Bleached Satin Table Damask; 2 silk binding; a long nap; soft, fleecy blanket that reg- ularly from one-third to one-half more
43C Bureau Scarfs or Runners; size 18x5^: you *)/£ yards .wide, that would, sell regularly at 80c a ularly sells at $6.50 a pair. than the orices that we have marked for this
uv may select your own design and we will *" v yard and be cheap at that. rOMPORTTTP? , \V P nCeS Inat 2 niUe marKea lor tniS
stamp it for you free of charge. This is the quality • ' • - • Vv ., fi r if* < i n j vi u j sale - You cannot afford to miss this chance,
that generally sells at 75c. We offer them at this- T\ yard— Pure Irish Linen Table Damask; 2 yards CH £» a Comforter for full double-size bed;
special price /ZC ™* e - that should regularly sell at $1.00 the yard. J1.3U filk / w »*h pure white samtary cotton; cov- T. ft ft dozen-Children's fancy cornered Lawn
1 I *rfv Tj) on » t m j ss t w; s cnecial offering - •* > - **' JL * C/V - ered on both sides with best quality of pret- "j [I I' Handkerchiefs with narrow hems — worth
H/i*%w** r* M 4 AM « * • »*»„ T « 'y fi S urcd silkoline. This is an extra special bargain, U W U regularly 75c a dozen.
MeilS OarterS a NAPKINS and don't mi., this opportunity. ? each-Women's sheer linen handker-
A TK^ Tl^rc' C-v«^ol C1 1Z dozen — A full three-quarter size Damask Nap- BEDSPREADS. I C^ft chiefs with fancy lace borders; some
A lnreeDayS special Al.Z'tJ km that wl11 wear as wdl as any na P kin worth d»1 Heavy raised Marseilles Figured Bed Spread; I U [i have lace insertions finished with lace
An extremely low price for a well-known' 11,^ * dO ""' TH ' 5 " " """"" Va '"' f °^ M.59 { £ d^% %gd*j&£%ElL "*** *" ' R^'^ "°"h -^ »ch.
l^ ; !^ J S!SS» J i^a4 i fe Shoe Specials Splendid Offers in Neckwear Needs for the Kitchen
/x gentlemen'js garter made; will be on — 1 1 ' * 1 » HE bargain chances are so well estab-
dif P ric n e d a \^h^ y sMs^cV^T ZttKsW ' ff ? xcelIcnt values are ever y one of these shoe ¥ N fancy goods we present some exceptional I i ishe d in this basement department
aal pnee. Regularly sells at 25 c a P a,r. , offerings. | bargains. These are certainly the greatest * that there is little or no need of any
f „ « - w t\Q Child's Vici Kid Box Calf Patent Colt Shoes; values, ever, shown. talk telling of these special values.
Jewelry 98c ™t ht ,°7£,S "SM.X a h«i"1i"« <t? ifi f o u n « s £X?L^$J^ £sfc%i 'J2& SrH '% " r < s of shclf ™«- I i
8% to II- the reeular values Si i; Si wand Si 71 tP£»'K3 I."*' j f c • u S y 2 • 5 nade . ot . P Iea ted 5c each— For wire coat or overcoat hangers.
npHERE is ,Hp n,ed of descriptions on J W rt^^gSS i J &3£ fe& r &^? o ™< „, tubing
2 these items, as they must be seerf to be JK|.3(J to . 2 > regularly sold for $1.75 and $2.00 a The regular value $400. 19c_For ?arrl washboards
appreciated. P air - . TOP COLLARS. 2c_For Asbestos mats.
Ci • j j 4 t 1 l- 1 d»-l O1 We offer 3000 pairs of Women's High-Grade each Bulgarian Tnn Tnilar* with mff. ?« 15c — F° r wood salad set.
(\%n S?u Wmd ? n< L / tCm SCt Intc p rnatl , on , al Jkl X # i Shoes, secured at an immense sacrifice from ]ln at pffces grea°lv reduced iSulSv so M Cc -For cake turner.
"8C W fi ch j o^ uarante cd for one year. Regularly <P1.U«J an Eastcrn manufacturer. A big assortment lit JJ we reduced. Regularly sold ; 5 j> c _ For &, feet of clothes Hne
sold at 5>i..so. j n lace and buttons, also Oxford Ties, in different ' 4Oc— For 10-quart double-coated dishpan. •
- ... . ... , , „, . t c leathers, including Vici Kid and Patent Colt; all the STOCK COLLARS. 43c— For double-coated Berlin saucepan.
Ifta Gold plated and hard-enameled Waist Sets, i atest toes; high Cuban, Military and L X V heels. Not. <m A small lot of slightly soiled Stock Collars made 33c_For double-coated lipped saucepan. V
17 V T V vf and . S( l ua r e buckles, and button designs. one pa j r worthless than $2.50 and many as high as llT of silk, and others of Swiss with tab effect; these *1.15— For special curtain stretcher,
lhe regular price 25c. s 300 an( j so _ li W are was hable and regularly sell for 35c. 7Sc and up— For bird cages in brass.
%f% •> Splendid Values in Boys' Clothing Children's Stockings Women's Corsets Reduced %1% i
BOYS' TROUSERS. /%r pair— Pony brand of Stockings for rf» -g « o R. & G. Corsets, with straight A J %*'£$'d%4%1t"ijL
>fikB & itlll %ZJ* in B °y s ' Knce Trousers; made of good LjC boys and girls in four styles of ribs— il.JO fronts and short hips; cut from 1UM 1L l^lltllC L /U
(W 9^ IWC and durable materials in stylish pat- ~** J ~ fine, medium, heavy and bicycle. lvw the latest French model; some fl^ 1 * * > ?/«»*
W^" alwaysbeliable XWf terns; in all sizes. "These are extra I Tms 1S a splendid wearing.jstocking for the sizes missing— yours may be here. Regularly VM^ . -
liooo nRAMiovFTST". special values. price. •- worth $2.00. ; j| -AL.'Hxrs REX-1ABLE
MARKET ST.^ OVERALLS, • TIGHTS. -,« R s & G. Corsets; boned with real 12 $8 -12 50 MARKET ST-^
' " \ r\ Good quality Blue Overalls for boys; *%n pair— Children's Black Tights; made || I fil whalebone; top and bottom fin- " ¦¦ f
WU1 Be the Largest Department Store I Ml* a gcs 7 to 14 years. Regularly sold /.[jC oi soft Peeler cotton; fine Richelieu H** #v '*' ished with lace and double-faced All the Shopping Inducements that hove
West of Chicago. ~ ' w for 25c. v m*'+f ribbed. Worth regularly 35c. satin ribbon, . made this store so popular are still here.
g3ale Ten Million Boxesa Year. 1|
t f£J *3w 5OC B MM^jHPJj^|Af jjj £f 1 1 1 iM4f»M& B **^^^ Dra«ist3 \ ]
|1 PREVENT ALL SUMMER BOWEL TROUBLES
fZ\ Undigested food in tho human body will ferment a hundred times as I J
KiVj quickly in summer as in winter. Consequence— stomach, liver, bowels I J
LvJ poisoned, thrown out of order; sour stomach, gases, colic, diarrhoea, 1 r I
ir-j dysentery, cholera, appendicitis, and in some regions yellow fever and I^J
£rf3 the plague. Little children suffer terribly everywhere. The proper | -t
|i£| - thing is to send all impure and unnecessary matter out of the body | j
O I every day— not give it a ch&nco to sour in the stomach and bowels. I j
«M You will stop hot, feverish conditions and keep your insides cool and | j
B|j healthy. To do it, use a medicine that Is pleasant to the taste and not i 1
p 4 j harsh and violent in its action. Tho only safe system-cleaner to take I I
I^J in summer, because it will not cause diarrhoea or griping, is Cascarets. | j
MB. All druggists, 10c, 25c, 50c. Never sold in bulk. The genuine tablet I J
|': j starnpeaC.C.C. Guaranteed to cure or your money back. Sample and I I
HLbooklet free. Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago or New York. «g MmAt the installation of officers of
Genevieve Parlor No. 132, N. D. G. W.,
District Deputy Grand" President Mrs.
L.. Deitz last Thursday evening in
stalled the following pfflcers: Presi
dent, Miss Lottie Bonilla; past pres
ident, Mrs. Emma Matheson; first vice
president, Miss Hannah ToohJg; sec
ond vice president, • Miss Margaret
Miley; third vice president, Mrs. Mae
Giblln;> marshal. Mrs. Mae Richards;
treasurer, Mrs. F^annie Randall; re
cording secretary, Miss Branice Pe
guillan; financial secretary, Miss Nora
Regan; organist. Mrs. Agnes Troy;
trustees, Miss. Madge Flaherty, Miss
Lillian Turner, Mrs. Lizzie Coyle; In
side sentinel, Mrs. Annie Clayburgh;
outside sentinel, Mrs. Rachel Bonilla.
A beautiful emblematic pin studded
with diamonds was " presented - to ths
retiring president, Mrs. E. Matheson.
The retiring treasurer. Miss L..Borle,
was also - given a pin of that *- order.
Flowers were presented to District
Deputy Mrs. Dietz, Miss Lottie Bon
illa, the newly installed president, and
Mrs. Agnes Troy, the past district dep
uty. After the ceremonies s refresh
ments were served and dancing In
dulged In until midnight.
GenevleYe Parlor Installation.
SA^7 SUFFOCATED IN BED— Marguerite
Blanchi. three months old, was found suffo
cated In bed yesterday morning at 1208
Kearny street, where Its parents reside. The
father awoke at 4:30 o'clock and found the
baby dead, its head between the ends of the
two pillows. • .
Tbe officers for the coming; year of
the Wells-Fargro Literary Association
ware elected yesterday as follows:
President, J. S. Bunnell; treasurer,
B. H. River; trustees. J. 1L Alexander,
W. C Allen. L. J. Chase, C. E. Church,
r. L. Coles. F. D. Mitchell. W. R. Mil
ton, J. F. Norton, Charles White.
The election officers were: Judge, E.
G.-Wriffht; Inspector, E. G. Wels;
clerks, L. F. Stephenson and E. J. Sul
11 van-
Elect Literary Officers.
The San Francisco Fruit and Flow
er Mission asks the public to contrib
ute furniture to help furnish a home
for a deserving widow with several
children. Send communications to
Miss Fanny Wainwright, 681 Sutter
street, city. •
Donations Asked for Widow.
Pat Ttlt* — I reduce* my -weight 70
poua&s. bast 6 lncbee. waist 6 Inches and hips
14 lachaa In a. short time by a ruarantee.i
tarsi's* remedy without exercise or ctarvixif . i
wlU tell you all about It. Inclose stamp. Ad-
Ana* MRS. £. O. RICHARDS.
226 East Ninth street,
• Riverside Cal.
The Southern Pacific has put Into effect the
new rate above noted, which Is good going
either way between San Francisco and Port
land. Half rate is $12 75. More than one day
may b« spent at Shasta Springs by paving
the regular rat»>s for the additional accom
modation, though the entire trip must b« com
pleted within seven days. Any agent will give
full particulars, or aek at Southern Pacific
office. G13 Market street. • •
$23 CTrst Class, AVItli One Day's Board
and Lodging at Shasta Springs.
A NEW RATE TO PORITjAXD.
Mrs. Mary Ash, residing at 192 Oak
»tre«t, who Is a victim to somnabul
lsm. walked out of an open window
yesterday morning from her bedroom,
fracturing r. t right arm between the<
elbow and vrrlrt. She was conveyed to
the Central Emergency Hospital,
where she received treatment from
Dr. Hill, after which she was trans
ferred to the City and County Hos
pital. The woman's condition is such
that a. careful watch has got to be
kept on her during the night to pre
vent her from injuring herself while
¦abject to her nocturnal journeys.
Woman Somnambulist Injured.
"W. E. Duffy, through the Rauer
Collection Company, has sued the Pa
cific States Telephone Company for
$150 alleged to be due for wages. The
same agency has sued Catherine Hen
nessey on an assigned claim of the
American Surety Company - for 5159
on. account of premiums on a bond
furnished by the company. .
Justices' Court Suits.
CAR ROBBER PLEADS GUILTY— John
Quintan, alias Curt Burnell. pleaded guilty
yesterday before Judge Dunne' to a charge of
robbery. He will be sentenced next Satur
day. He held up an electric car at Eddy and
Latcuna streets on th* night of June 14 and
took all the money that the conductor. John
Campbell, had in his possession. He was
captured by Policeman T. J. Wren.
"The recently Issued course of study
for the city school system was prepared
In order that the course might corre
spond with the new text books issued
by the authority of the State Legisla
ture. "The adoption of these books be
ing mandatory, the local school au
thorities are helpless in the matter of
lessening the expense to parents. The
members of the Board of Education
and Superintendent of Schools want
it understood that they are not re
sponsible for changes made in text
books or other changes that are likely
to follow." . . ¦-¦' : ';> :1 ;:¦>¦
J. J. Cody was dismissed as janitor
of the Lowell High School for alleged
neglect of duty.
Thomas Dolan was elected janitor of
the Lowell High School.
Regarding the complaints from
parents regarding the purchase of new
text books the board Issued the fol
lowing circular:
"The last Legislature took steps to
revise the State series of text books,
the use of which is compulsory
throughout the entire State of Cali
fornia under penalty of the fbrfe'lture
of all State moneys for the support of
the public school system. To super
vise this revision a State Text Book
Commission, consisting of Governor
Pardee, Superintendent of Public In
struction T. 'J. Kirk and Professor E.
E. Brown of the University of Cali
fornia, was appointed. Under - their
direction new books in several of the
more important studies have already
been adopted and the process of re
vision will be continued until the old
series Is superseded throughout by
new books. • -
Mrs. Catherine Cregan was trans
ferred from the position as janitress
of the Hamilton Grammar School to
that of janitres sof the Crocker Gram
mar School, vice Mr3. i Catherine J.
Lawton, on leave.
It was resolved that the following,
being next in order in the competitive
examination held on June 11, be or
dered placed on the substitute list in
the order of their standing: Miss Mary
V. Croughwell, Miss Lillian Skahaen,
Miss Belle Smith, Grant P. Hatch and
Miss Lois C. Peckham.
The resignation of Mary E. Hull, a
teacher In the department, was ac
cepted. Miss Catherine J. .Eawton,
Janitress of the Crocker Grammar
School, was granted one year's leave
of absence from the department.
A leave of 'absence was granted to
John S. Drew,, a teacher in the Hum
bcldt'Evening School. . \
The requests of Miss M. McCauley,
a teacher in the Lincoln Evening,
and Grant P. Hatch, a member of the
day substitute class, to exchange their
respective positions in this department
were granted. The resignation I of
Florence L. Martin of the day substi
tute list was accepted. Miss Anna R.
King of the Crocker Grammar School
was transferred to the Bernal Pri
mary. The resignation of Maud J.
Coan was accepted.
Mrs. C. Creighton was temporarily
assigned as janitress of the Hamilton
Grammar School.
The Board of Education met yester
day and adopted a resolution transfer
ring five principals of grammar schools
to other schools. The transfers were as
follows: W. H. Edwards, from the
Hearst School to the John Swett
School; Albert Lyser, from the John
Swott to the James Lick School; ,W.
W. Stone, from the James Lick to the
Clement School; Miss Nellie F. Sulli
.van, from the Fremont School to the
Hearst School; Miss Rose Goldsmith,
from the Clement to the Fremont
School.
President Roncovierl said the trans
fers were not in the nature of a
"shake-up," but were effected for the
best Interests of the department, it be
ing deemed .advisable to change the
principals periodically.
The following transfers of teachers
were ordered: Miss Lily K. Piper,
from the Fairmount Grammar to the
Burnett Grammar School; Miss Caro
line Horton, from the Burnett Gram-:
mar to the Fairmount Grammar
School; Miss M. G. Kyne, from the
Sunnyside Primary to the Sheridan
Primary; Miss M. Horton, from the
Franklin Grammar to the Richmond
Primary; Miss A. M. Gallagher, from
the Franklin Grammar to the Cleve
land Primary; Frank K. Bathel, from
the substitute class to the manual
training department; Mrs. J. Kennedy,
from the Emerson Primary to the re
ceiving class of the Cleveland Pri
mary.
The board also assigned eight
teachers from the substitute list to
regular positions in the School De
partment. It also elected five success
ful contestants in the recent competi
tive examination to the substitute list,
The assignments of taechers follow:
Miss Mary F. Burke, to the Monroe
Primary, new class; Miss Agnes K.
Fahey, to the Fairmount Grammar,
new class; Miss Estelle Davidson, to
the Lafayette Primary, vice Miss Hull,
resigned; Miss Mabel G. Chandler, to
the Fairmount Grammar, outside
class; Miss Margaret O'Neil, to the
Garneld Primary; Miss Annie Silver
terg, to the Humboldt Primary during
absence of Miss Stanford on leave;
Mrs. Grace Hayes, to the Sutro Pri
mary; Miss Mamie McKinnin, to the
Horace Mann Grammar, vice Miss N.
O'Loughlen. on leave.
Miss Aimee Hirstel, a teacher In
the Crocker School, was transferred
to the John Swett School and Miss
Nellie Seabrook from the John Swett
to the Crocker.
¦ .. In order to prevent such milk from
entering this city the Board of Health
must satisfy itself through the inves
tigations of its own officials that the
milk is from unsanitary dairies. Ac
tion In .the Santa Clara case will de
pend upon the report which Ragan
and Hassler will make regarding the
notification sent by Health Officer
Simpson. ••-.*•.
Acting on information received from
Health Officer Simpson of Santa Clara
County, the local Board of Health yes
terday directed Health Officer Ragan
and Chief Inspecting Physician Hass
ler to proceed at once to make an of
ficial inspection of the dairies in the
county named. Ragan and Hassler
will leave this morning for San Jose
to prosecute their investigations.
In a communication to the Board
of Health Simpson said many of the
dairies in the county were conducted
in an unsanitary manner. He called
particular attention to the fact that
the fields upon which the cows were
put to graze were reeking with sewer
contamination from adjacent polluted
streams. Simpson desired the board
to be made acquainted with the con
ditions, as milk is shipped to this city
from Santa Clara County and the In
formation would be available in the
Health Board's crusade against un
sanitary dairies for the purpose of in
suring a pure, milk supply to San
Francisco. •
While the local Board of Health
has no jurisdiction over sanitary con
ditions in Santa Clara County, it has
the power to quarantine, against any
place which it knows is supplying im
pure milk or milk that may be in
danger of sewage or other contamina
tion owing to bad sanitary conditions
obtaining in dairies located in other
counties.
Health Officer Simpson vKe
ports Sewage Contamina
tion Where Cows Graze
Directors Not Responsible
. for Compulsory Purchase
of Text Books by Pupils
COMPLAINT OF PARENTS
RECEIVES INFORMATION
Local Officials to Inves
tigate Unsanitary Condi
tions in Outside County
Heads of Five Schools Are
Transferred to Similar
Positions in Department
TO VIEW SANTA
CLARA DAIRIES
BOARD CHANGES
ITS PRINCIPALS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 7, 1904.
28
ADVKRT1SEMEXTS.
MME. YALlFs
Almond Blossom
/COMPLEXION
%. '*• ,Tlr!FAM
• • • V^fV£>/"l.lTl
GREATEST
TOILET LUXURY
MADE"
Cleanses, softens, purifies,
whitens and beautifies the
skin. Soap and water only
cleanse superficially. '
Mme. Yale lay*: A little Almond
Blofsom Complexion Cream should
be applied every time the faoe
and hands are washed. It removes
the dust, soot, rrlme. smut and
¦mudre from : the Interstices of .
the skin and makes the tnrfaoe
smooth as Velvet. » '• ' .
A daily necessity , at , home and
abroad; a treasure when traveling
by land and water, or when on an
outing of any kind, and particu-
larly prized at a- seaside or moun-
tain resort. Protects the skin
from: cutting : winds, burning rays
of the sun and every injurious ef-,
feet of the elements. Prevents
and cures abnormal redness of
the nose or any part of the face,
and that purplish hue due to ex-
posure to cold, also chapping,
chafing, cold sores, fever blisters
and all irritation of the skin. It
is the greatest known specific for
burns; takes the fire out more
quickly than anything else,
soothes,- heals . and prevents scars
and suppuration. Indispensable
for use of infants and cyery mem-
ber, of the household. An exqui-
site natural beautifier. A grateful
application after shaving. Excel-
lent for massage 'purposes. -Now
in two sizes. Mme. Yale's Almond
•Blossom' Complexion Cream is
now : sold \ in two (•sizes by
OWLDRUGGO:
. (Both Stores)
1 128 Market Street
80-82 Geary Street
At special price of 40c and 80c
A WATCH ABSOLUTIST FBSS.
\ ¦ Tbe first person from each tow n to ' answer
this ad can set a s watch absolutely free, with
postage paid. - Also learn about a free trip ¦ to
the great . St. , Louis . Fair. Inclose stamp . for
futl particulars. "Write to-day. TEXAS NOV-
£L,TY CO., Corslcana. Tex.; box No. 4105.
ADVERTlSEaiEXTS.
WOMAN'S BREAST
fmNUhM
Anytumsr.lump.or soreonthellp.faci
or anywhere six months Is nearly
always Cancer. They never pain
until almost past cure!
fwo Physicians Offer $1000 if They
Fail to Care Any Single Cancer
Without KNIFE OR PAIN at HALF PRICE
for 80 days.
Not a dollar need be paid until cared.
An Island shrnb or plant makes the caret
the most wonderful discovery on earth to-day.
Beat book on cancers ever printed sent free
with testimonials of thousands cured whom
— you can see. A
/^™*K. m jgrii.^ small lump in the
I H >ai B Jr/m^. breast ¦will poison
In -..iff C^V f' aDd * ' n t^ e arm-
ssiiii (flfflrmr ttf> T>" ft> " impossible
s^^S3H»» S» JS lnd death certain.
g T&Sp&Lfv^lSr^G&r ln thirty years we
9 have cured more)
S I w"&?r!o*''i£&blf%M£m I cancers than any
\J V otner doctors living.
1 No JC ' R *7 or other
"^SSnfmfaM s^f swindle.
«7^^"^. ¦raw Absolute grumr-
¦ S^ —^ I iLflanlee. 130-pagr«
book sent Free.
l^^ Address:
OR. & MRS. DR. CHAMLEY & CO.
"STRICTLY RELIABLE."
Offices 23 & 25 Third St., San Francisco
SEND TO SOMEONE WITH CAN"CJ££U
_Jgilro^L_ 1
[hotspbin^I
For health and pleasure. Reno-
vated and improved.- Water
unsurpassed for rheumatism,
kidney, liver and stomach trou-
ble. Trained masseur. Long
distance phone. Trains from
Third and Townsend at 9 a. m. f
regular stage ; 3 130 p. m., spe-
cial stage. .Write for pam-
phlets. R. ROBERTSON.
AETNA SPRINGS
. Is not a thousand miles
from nowhere.-* Leaving
San Francisco at ' 7:30
a* m. you. get there iii
time for lunch. There is
little staging. Just send
for booklet. Aetna Springs
Co., Napa County, Cal.
HOT SPRINGS
Why is it *o Immensely popular? Because
of its many wonderful facilities for health and
pleasure. Our Natural Steam and Plunge Baths
and stomach waters are a positive cure for
Rheumatism. Malaria, Bladder, I-iver, Kidney
and all Stomach Troubles. Arsenic Beauty
Baths. Swimmlnc. Paid Orchestra. Dancing
every evening. Dairy. Children's Play Grounds.
Electric Lights; $10 to $12 per, week. Baths
*tid amusements free. Booklets Peck's, 11
Montgomery st., S. P. Co.. 613 Market, or
H. H. McOOWAN. Seleler, Lake County.
Fare reduced to $9 round trip.
Hotel EL CARMELO
PaclHc Grov*. California. "The little Del
Monte." At tb« . Beaslde wtth horn* comfort*.
The blace to spend your vacation with your
family. Surf bathing and fishing. Rates
with board $2 B0 a day upward, cheaper than
staying home. Send for illustrated pamphlet.
Address GEO. H. CORDY. Manager.
I CAMP CURRY :
, ;'v - G«t circular* -at all railroad offices. ,
\ • Adrcrtlzed by 4000 guests. i
j yOSEMITE
VACATI01T THIPS.
low Bound-Trip Batei.
August and September are the b«st months
for camping and outing trips along the North
Shore.: ¦ Wenther warm and bright. • .No . fog^
nor wind. Low round trip rates ($1 to S3 75)
to Camp Taylor; Tocaloma, Point Reyes Mar-
shalls. Camp Pistolesl. Camp Meeker, Tyrone
Monte Rio, Mesa Grande, Duncans Mills, Wat-
sons and Cazadero. Comfortable • hotels cot-
tages and camps. Hunting and fishing 'trips.
Boating and bathing. .Special , low rates on
Sunday, also Friday or Saturday to Monday.
Through tickets from points in San Joaquin or
Sacramento valleys. Get copy "Summer Out-
ings" and "Short Scenic Trips" at North Shore
office, 026 Market stree^.
KENILWORTH INN.
Beautiful summer ¦ hotel. Mill Valley. Ex-
cellent board. Rates reasonable.
Saratoga Springs.
10 different mineral springs. Information at
Peck's Bureau, 11 Montgomery st.. or at J.
MARTENS. Bachelor P. P.. Lake Co.. Cat
iiAivmiA Menlo Park, on* hour from
UniTTJv cltjr.\.2Mn«. trains dally. Per-
il 1 1 1 I I A lect climate; bsnutiful place;
1 1 V I I I w comfort and quiet; exc*U«at
table.
Address W.J.MEREDITH. Mgr.. Holtfs School.
KLAMATH SPRINGS,
Beswlck. Blsklyou • County, California.
Writs to EPSON BROS, for Booklet.
BOWELL ML, WOODWORK'S? &j&
No fog. , Purest - spring water. Climate natural
tonic and invlgorator. Residence 29 years. $7
per week. Woodworth & Muiler. St.Ifelena.Cal.
TOTJ CAK EH JOY LIFE AT AKCA-
BZAV HEIGHTS — No crowds. Plenty of
quiet' and reat:- fresh- fruits. • berries, - vege-
tables, cream and milk: shady woods: $1 p«»r
day; $2 10 from city. MRS. Mr STAFFORD.
Ltdell. Napa Count/.
BARTLETT
SPRINGS.
BARTLETT does not guarantee to cure
all the Ills that humanity 1» heir to. but
thousands of people have been benefited
by the use of Bartlett Water and many
cured.
If you would Improve your health and
have a grand good time, corns to Bartlett
Springs, where there Is a resident phy-
sician, a manager of amusements and com-
petent masseurs.
Housekeeping cottages, $3 OO to $0 00 per
week.
Send for a booklet that will tell you all
about Bartlett.
Write J. E. MeMAHAN. Bartlett
Springs. Cal.. or call at 2 Sutter St.. San
Francisco.
AguaCaliente
Springs
We nave added many NEW attractions) to
this beautiful and romantic spot; open all the
year round; the nearest Hot Sulphur Springs to
San Francisco, temperature 115 degrees; no
staging-; fare SI 10; sure cure for rheumatism.
asthma and all kindred ailments. We have five
different Hot Sulphur Springs; tub and plunge
baths and the largest mineral water swimming
tank In the State. Table and rooms are first
class. Rates |2 per day. $12 to $14 per week.
Epecial rates to families and half rates to chil-
dren. Inquire at Peck'*. 11 Montgomery »t..
or address THEO. RICHARDS. Agua- Callente
Springs. Sonoma County. California.
We have erected a stone building, modern
dining-room; can seat 400 guests. ¦
Grand w&gyiw Band
Elcctricalg «! Concerts^
Display g JlCW I DaHy !
•<o"o"o~omro vwiftnrtfjo
Santa Cruzf
Sojlpjlsjia Finest Juuuuut»£
Plunge. Surf g i™** -j Firework*
arid Tub |o nauimg „ Water Sport ;
Baths jo On the o Roof Gardens-
Dancing £ Coast £< Summer
Boating and Jo o< Thtatrkab
Fine Salmon U Some- 3 Vatidevill*
Fishing !* thing t Speclaltie*
Uvehy Drives g D oni rl 3 J« '.
AUmg the G .11 .u" 3 Speciil Rater
Coasts IS °}l" 1C Z vl.S.P.Ry
Through the |« lHnC 3 During the
Redwoods TS11T8~8~9Tnnrs Entire)' Seas©*"
Santa Gatalina Island
2M, Hours From Los Angeles. Bra son 180*.
Our Famous Marine Band.
Hunting mountain goat, sailing, barhtng.
golf, tennis and the 0nest flsaiag on the
coast.
Camp Life a Special Feature.
Hundreds of furnished teats at res son-
Ho'tW^trosoic,
Modern !n all particular*.
F"or further Information addr«*«
PECK'S INFORMATION BUREAU. 11
Montgomery St.. or BANNING CO.. 223 S.
Sprint; »t.. Los Anrelea.
Pi II I"! fi II Hct brings: on line South-
I V I HI ern Pacific: 2H hours from
K I K I I ill Ka ° FrancUco. 3 trains
11 I 11 1111 dally; luxurious mineral
II I 1 1 U 1 1 • nd mud baths; hotel
. unique In cuisine service
and appointments. Information at 3. P. Co.
Burau. 613 Market »t.. Peck's Bureau. 11
Mc&tgomery >t.. or H. R. WAKNEK. Byroa
Hot Springs. Cai
TDTL. O. O. O'TDOKTITEnLiIjS'
MUEHaI, SPRINGS AT GLEN ELLEN.
tha best camping, picnic and pleasure re-
scrt on' the coast. The greatest remedy for
lung disease, liver and stomach complaints,
rheumatism and catarrh In tha world; 49
miles from S. F. The S. P. R. R. and 8. T.
& X. P. R. R. give ipeclal rates . to campers;
80 cottages and tents furnished; rent cheap;
no fog* nor poison oak at the park; mineral
water, boat*, bathing 'and fishing free. Meals
terved at Hotel Riverside at reasonable rate*.
Inquire of DR. C. C. O'DONNELL. office
1021U Market St.. bet. Sixth axd Seventh. Saa
FrancUco.
THE NEW HOTEL AT
ADAMS
IS FINISHED.
Every one kcows that Adams water eures
stomach, liver and kidney diseases.
WHY EXPERIMENT?
For further particulars write t»W. R, MUL*
THER.
POINT ARENA HOT SPRINGS.
Extensively Improved; new hotel; gas light,
large dining-room. . telephone, hunting, fishing,
swimming, bowling. . dancing, all amusements.
Personal management. Get booklet. 30 Mont-
goroery utreet. W. A. McCORN'ACK. Prop.
LA HONDA AND PESCADERO
Buy your railroad ticket to Redwood City; t
a. m. train 3d and Townsend. and 9;2O a. m,
train' from San Jose connect with stages direct.
Addrcks WALTER KNIGHT. Redwood City;
CaL
LAKEPORT AND BARTLETT SPRINGS
STAGE LINE— Hooland to Bartlett Springs,
via Lakeport. carrying passengers for Lakeport
and Bartlett Spring*. S Stages connect with
trains at Hooland. Leave Hopland at 12:30-
arrlve at Lakeoort at 8:50; arrive at Bartlett
8prlnus at 7:3a New 6-hone 14-paasesger
tourist wagons, with all the most modern im-
provements. Passengers for Lakeport or Bart>
I*tt Springs, call for tickets by Bartlett Spring.
Stage Line. Tickets can be purchased at ofncl
of California N. W. Ry, tsso Market atTo*
at Tlburoa ferry. . * °*
MILLER * HOWARD. Prop,.
WHITE SULPBTUK SPEUTCrS, VaUalo!
Cal.— Moit aixtsaible tarings to s&n Kranciwc!?
round trip Si. no stage fare; only 2% hour*'
rtde: 8 miles from Vallejo: hot. ctld iSd
plunge sulphur baths; wonderful cures of rheu-
matism, nturaleia. eczema, kidney live/and
ttomaeh diseases. Beautiful grounds and ilk*
for boating and bathing. Dancing pavilion
New bowling alley and shuffle board. RatS"
$10 a week. Including baths. Address MaS
UEL MADRID. Vallejo. CaL aar *** iIA:? *-
CAX4TOBHXA EEDWOOD TAMX (Bis-
Basin)— Union Mill Camp and Tavern-8 mil.
ficm Boulder Creek R. R. station DaVlv .Sfii*
Family Furnished cabin,; c^m^St
grounds; $8 and $10 per week. Under theiuni
redwoods; perfect climate; grand scen^v
"SEPP" GRAHAMER. Boulder oStfc^Slf*'
KOBTR SKOBS HOTXI*— On Tomales
B»y-,, Good table and accomm^datloM T° House
gas-lighted. Prices very reasonable 'wboi
SHIELDS M.r*ba».. Marln^ggSg^. *'.
Private boarding; terms reasonableTTeaa
5«57jas?!g SJ&SSS SSSSftW
SIrso'n! P^ S rI.iilr? : S al r t* t C r«L b0OkUU "
Tuscan
Mineral Springs.
OPE2T I7EST SAT XV TZB TSAB.
TO WHOM IT MAT CONCERN: A y«*» u<
tfcrc* month* ago I was attacked with ta*t
terrtbl* disease, locomotor atazla. Power to
balance, stand, or even sit down. «ntlrel7 loat.
Two best doctors of San Francisco aad Hot
Sprtssa, Ark., failed to help em. Mr itoa-
ach. bowels and kidneys filled to work. I na4
catarrh of stomach head and bladder as %¦ to-
salt of the. tllMue; tnec* - trouble* becam*
ebronle. At times my heart would beat like a
drum, my eyes crew weak, my memory bad.
my nerves wrecked. . Three months afo I west
to Tuscan Springs. What happened sine* was
a pleasant surprise to me. Drank the waters,
took the baths— after three) waeka* treatment
•tomach. bowels, bladder and ktdaeya In per-
fect condition, eyesight perfect, nervousness)
rone, memory good. After three months' treat-
meat, walked without a cane, with eyea etoseel
and up and down «te»p hills; am cured of this
dread disease, now walk wtth sllxhe limp.
Rave run stores In serenteen towns of the
Stata ef California: am well known In down*
town districts of 8an Francisco; Inquiry there
will prove truth of my helpless condition three)
months ago. Further Information, address)
LOCI3 JACOBS, a Stockton St.. Saa Tranclaoa,
Cat. >
We bar» hundreds of testlnwnlala - fra*»
ethers. Send DOo In stamps . for bottteot
stomach and catarrh Salts. Round-trip UckaXS
at reduced rates. Southern Padflo.
TUSCAN MINERAL SPRINGS CORP..
Tuacan, Cat.
I Spend Your Vacation
for 32O at
San Luis
Hot Sulphur
Springs sanLn &r~
The most Idea] resort for Dleasor* and
health on the Paclflo Coast. Buy round
trip ticket from San Francisco to San
Luis Hot Sulphur Springs. San Loii
ObUpo. Cal.. and return. Including stag*
to and from springs and one week's
board for «2O.OO to fS-.OO. according
to location of rooms, or board and accom-
modations 99.OO to 912.0O per week.
Ecenlo surroundings. free batatne.
boating and fishing on grounds. Fln«
rhady walks, tennis and croquet grounds,
dance pavilion for guests. Fine sea
beach one mil« from Hot Sulphur Springs.
Cottages and furniture are all new. Oas
throughout buildings and grounds. Our
table Is ™il supplied with the best the
market affords. Our stage meets trains
arriving at San Luis Obiipo at 3:15 p. m.
every day (except Sunday).
This la no hospital or sanatorium,
WHY NOT SPEND YOUR
SUMMER AT HOTEL DEL
MONTE? NEW MANAGE-
MENT-GOLF, GLASS-
BOTTOMED BOATS, SURF
AND POOL BATHING,
OILED ROADS. SPECIAL
TERMS TO FAMILIES
GEO. P. SNELL, MANAGER
O I/" V? /¦*/"» O H0T SPRDJOa. SONOMA'
Un/iUUu COUNTY: only 4% houre
w from San Francisco and
wm \ but » miles staging; ¦wa-
ters noted for medicinal virtue*: beat natural
hot mineral water bath In Btato. FIRST-
CLASS HOTEL. AND STAGS SERVICE: beta
morning and afternoon stages. Round trip
from San Francisco only $3 SO. Take Tlburoa
ferry dally at 7:30 a. m. or 2:30 p. m.
Rates $2 a day or $12 a week. References, any
guest of the past nine years. Information as
Tourist Information Bureau. 11 Montgomery
sC. or of J. F. MUt-ORETW. Skagss. Cai.
LAKE COUNTY
New. comfortable carriage*) direct to Gm
most picturesque portloo of California. Diet
equipped stage line In the State. Leaves Calls-
toga dally (Sundays excepted) at 11-.3O a. nt.
direct to Harbin. 8elgler. Adams. Howard. As-
demon, Hobergs. Spiers, Astern and . Olea-
brook: half hour for lunch at CaUstoca: alto ts
Mlddlstown. Lower Lake, KeliervlU* aad
Lakeport. Ltvery In connection.
¦ WM. 8PUR3. Proprietor
owsr in mountains OL&JO*
8TJKD&XS SOXS of Sonoma Co. aCBBJCElt
Pure water, equable climate, lots sellinff $10
up: cottaxes built by Meeker. $50 uo; depot:
stores; restaurant: hotel: post and exprexs:
telephone; sawmill: 900 lots sold: 800 eottacea
built. Sausallto ferry. N. 8. R. R. M." C
MEEKER. Camo Meeker. Sonoma County.
GARDEN CITY SANTTARIUM
Not a hospital; best equipped on Coast; mod.
era Improvements: large treatment room*;
Ideal location: 8H acres; ona block from (treat
cars; write for literature. San Jose, Cal.
THS TA1LAC, ULXS TASO3L **!..
BOTH PLANS— AMERICAN and EUTIO-
PEAN. Rates: AMERICAN— *S per day aad
upward. $17 SO per week and upward. EURO-
PEAN — Rooms, |1 per day and upward. Loca-
tion, service, accommodations, livery and boat-
ing superior to any resort on tha laka.
uasz wiist sranras.
• H. KOENER. Pro©. MRS. J. T>. DROST
and MRS. H. KOENER wUl manage sprtnrs:
many Improvements; new cement bathhotise.
and gas all over place; $2 day; $10 and |12
week. Office. 833 Larkin St.. cor. G«ary. or
Mark West Springs. Santa Rosa. Rural No. «.
DE LA ROZA resort. Santa. Cn» Mountains:
cottages and tent* for light housekeeping or
camping. A. J. GIBBS. Mgr^ Olbba. Cat
LAKE TAHOE RAILWAY AND
TRANSPORTATION CO.
Cosnecta at Truck ee wtth train leavtar 3. T.
at 8v0o p. xa. Returning, connects at Truckle
wtth train reaching 9. F. at 7 -.60 a. a.
THE BROCKWAY HOTEL,
LAKE TAHOE.
Besl(3e the usual attractions of a Lake TsJsoa
resort we have the only hot springs, the most
sheltered shore and best fishing. FRANK B.
i ALVERSON. Manager.
XTTBXCOS F&SX — A delightful resort
en shores of Lake Tahoe. Best sandy betel
for bathing on the lake. Fine fly ashing and
hunting in season. Boats., fishing tackle and
horses at moderate hire. Rates $2 a day or
from (10 to $16 per week. P. O. and telephone.
A. L. FROST. Rubicon Park. Lake Tahoe. Cat
OFF!? PAPV" lVV« n<J cottacee; 0 mO«e from
UCCtt rAKIV liliH La*, Tahoe- opea June Xi
elevation 6507 feet; mineral .pring*. Bookl*»
Travelers* Office. 30 Montgomery st.
J. B. SCQTT. Deer Park. Cat
campbiu hot spsnras.
In Sierra Nevada Mountains, Sierra Couar.*.
6C0O feet rlevatiwO. Are beautifully located
at the head of the great Sierra Valley. 3d
miles lone by A miles wide, surrounding wMca
Is the great primeval forest of pine and fir. A
specialty is made of the tabl*. The hot spr»f)
are noaqualed for the cure of rheumatism,
gout, liver and kidney complaints and all Wood
and skin diseases. Rates for room and Nuro.
$11 to $12 per week. Round trip from S*»
Francisco to springs via Boca, 114 50. 8ta**
d«Uy except Sunday. eonnecUag wltH • ¦» ¦•
train foa Saa FranzUco*
.
JOSEPH FREDERICKS & CO.
beg to announce that the great
removal sale of their entire stock
of Furniture, Carpets, Draperies
and Wall Papers will begin on
Monday, August 15. In next
Sunday's papers we shall publish
our Removal Sale advertisement
showing the sensational reduc-
tions prevailing in every depart-
ment. Meanwhile a cordial invi-
tation is extended to the public to
visit our establishment on Market
streejt, opposite Kearny, and in-
spect the" merits of the offerings
before making purchases.
October 4th =
Volunteer Firemen's
Excursion
to
New York and Boston
¦
Returning via
St. Louis and Ne w Orleans
¦
Five Days at the Exposition
j 4 *f\ /'¦> 4 SZ
B— K* About It. B. T. BOOTH, General Agent. 17. P. 8. B.
1 Moataromery Street.
*~ ¦ .
, ADVERTISEMENTS.
TYo in f^t^ .tHL**"-.— s~\ II *
TfyeBesf! r Pu^e5f^€fndn7osf I
Pa/atableJW/wauke&Been
BBtVN/ED BV ' THE
MILWAUKEEyWIS;
Vl6-2 18 Mission. [St.
A0ENTSneP.8\ !THErPACIF:iC'COAST' ~¦ "This matter is a simple one," said
Brooks this afternoon. "I was at the
head .of the Brooks Brokerage and
Commission Company in St. Louis. One
of my partners, who recently died.
!!Ade a large sum of money -during "a
Pfrtod of a few months.- Troubles en
"Buefl'eiid the blame was laid at ray
d$or; I have done nothing wronj."
t,OS ANGELES. Aug. 6.~Charles W.
Brooks, one of the proprietors of the
Van Nuys Broaflway Hotel, was ar
cestedj at noon to-day on a federal war
rant from St. - Louis. The warrant was
is?utd upon an indictment that charges
him- with fraudulent use of the mails.
This is the ¦ second time Brooks has
i>ten' arrested within the past few
month*.- The first arrest was. made sev
eral \veeks asro and was on a similar
charge. Brooks then gave bond pend
1.CS -trial, and after trial his attorneys
carried the proceedings to the Supreme
Court, where .-the -matter now rests
j/ending: a decision.
Cliarlcs \V. Brrx/liS of Hit* Vnn Xuys.
* tn Ix>s An^floM. Accused of Using
-:VVv*Y :.***«* IHc^siXly.
VIOTEIi 3IA.V AIini:STi:D
ON SERIOUS CIIAHGE
ADVISES THE CITIZENS
TO SHOOT HIGHWAYMEN
People of ' Portland Arc Roused by
Acts of Robbers u»id Extreme
Measures Are Adopted.
PORTLAND, Or., Aug. 6. — During
the last few weeks hold-ups and rob
beries have been of such frequent oc
currence in this city that a conditipn
of affairs almost bordering on a state
of terror prevails. ... .
To circumvent thugs, thieves and
outlaws in their hold-ups in the city
Chief of Police Hunt has ordered out
an extra number of policemen and
deputies and will add to this army of
protection seventeen men, who will be
specially detuiled to ride upon' street
cars in the suburban districts to guard
the pitssengers and railroad employes
from the highwaymen, whose partic
ular vocation during the last week or
ten days h:is been the holding up of
street cars in unprotected localities. .
Chief Hunt has also advised busi
ness men and others whose occupa
tions keep them out late in the night
to arm themselves and to shoot if
necessary.
v — ; ; : ¦ ¦¦ ?
avenue, 50x120, north of V street, to
H. W. Uradley: west line of Forty-
Kixth avenue, 225 feet north of Istreet,
25x120, to O. H. Bronson, and west
line of Forty-flfth avenue, 225 feet
south of II street, 25x120, to L. A.
Phelan. . , .
An auction sale* will .bo held by
Madison • & Burke next Wednesday.
The following . properties will be of
fered lor the competition of bidders:
Southeast corner of Devisadero and.
Hayes street;, the southeast corner of
Vallejo and Powell streets, 1106 to
1110 Stockton street; the northwest
c< rnor of Union street and Jasper
place, S12 Stotkton street,- 1113 Du
pont street. 110G to 1112 Kearny
street. 910 to 942 Railroad avenue;
building lots on the eost side of Castro
street. between Seventeenth and
Kighteenth; lots on the south line ot
•Waller street/- between Scott and De
visadero, and two frontages on San
Bruno and Holliday avenue, between
Army street and Fifteenth avenue
south.
Sol Getz & Son report the following
sales this week: 25x100 on the south
line of H street, 32:6 feet east of For
ty-sixth avenue, to S. Elliot; 27:6x120
on the west line of Tenth avenue, 325
feet south of M street, to. B. F.> Dun
nells; 25x120 on the west line of For
ty-first avenue. 275 feet south of N
street, to A. F. Pete; on the
south line of H street, 57:6 feet east
of Forty-Eighth avenue, to E. Baum;
S5xl20 feet on the east line of Forty
fifth avenue. 200 feet north of V •
street, to E- Alltucker;. 30x100 on the '
southwest corner of J street and Pino |
alley to R. Champion; 50x120 feet on
the east line of Forty-fifth avenue.
150 feet north of V street, to If. W.
Bradley: 25x120 on the west line of
Forty-sixth avenue. 225 feet north of
I street, to O. H,. Bronson; 25x120 feet
on the west line of Forty-fifth avenue.
225. feet south of H- street, to LA.'
Phelan. ./
BELIEVE VAGRANT IS
WANTED FOR EMBEZZLEMENT
Snn.DIeffo. Prisoner Said to Be a De
serter and Guilty of Offense
at Martinez.
SAN DIEGO. vA-UE. 6.— F. L. Gates,
who was arrested in this city, for va
grancy under the name of Alfred Gage,
has been claimed as a deserter from
the Mohican and will be taken to Mare
Island. Gates was believed to be Harry
Leonard, wanted in Martinez for em
bezzlement, and the police here are con
fident that he is' Leonard.
KILLED BY FALL
FROM WINDOW
manner" to explain. She says he
also pushed her aside when she asked
him to kiss her.
Sellna Fuchs sues Huso Fuchs for
divorce because he has been In the
habit of beating her with his flata and
slapping . her face. They have two
children and she asks for their cus
tody and $25 a month for their sup
port. •- • ¦-.•;
Francis White «ue» Eva Whits' for
divorce on the ground of desertion.,
Mysterious Death of M. W.
O'Connell, Former Marshal
of the Town of Victor
DENVER, Aug. 6.— M. W. O'Connell.
former Marshal of Victor, came to his
death this evening by falling from a
fourth-story window in the rear of the
Markhaf}}>Hotel.
There is doubt as to whether O'Con
nell met with an accident, committed
suicide or wag murdered. The police
hold to the suicide theory, on the
ground j that an accident would have
been almost impossible, as the" window
in the room from; which O'Connellfell
was not open more than two feet. The
friends of O'Connell declare that the
Marshal was murdered, as he was seen
not more than ten minutes before his
death and at that time was in a cheer
ful mood. They declare that he had
many enemies who would not have hes
itated to kill him. .
Shortly before 6 o'clock O'Connell
went to his room in the Markham to
cha.nge his clothing. Ten minutes later
his body was picked up on the pave
ment. That he had started to dresa is
evident from the fact that his coat and
hat were found in his room.
O'Connell was Marshal of Victor at
the time of the Victor riot on June 6
and swore in a number of union men
to help keep the" peace. For this rea
son he was removed from office by the
Mayor of Victor and later charged with
having participated in the riot. He was
only, yesterday released on $10,000 bonds.
COMPELLED"" TO RESIDE
WITH HUSBAND'S PARENTS
Before j the waning of the honey
moon . Vyra Rommel decided that
wedded bliss was not nil that it was
painted, t Sho married Gustave Rom
mel on July 1 last year, and'yester
day, she tiled a suit for divorce on the
ground of cruelty. He failed, she
says, to provide her with a habitable
home, but compelled her to live with
his parents, who made her eat in the.
kitchen while the others of the fam
ily ate in .the . dining-room. They
called her "schwein.'V. which is the
German for pig. The parents-in-law
would not permit her to use the fam
ily.range, soap or other, household be
longings. . They sought, to quarrel with
her - and her husband would remain
away from home until' the early morn
ing hours, then refuse to tell her
where he had been." although she re
quested him "in a Khm and gentle
The Eales of realty In San Francisco
during the month of July amounted In
value to $2,828,504 and numbered 510.
The flfty-vara transfers brought in
$1,004,200. the 100-varas $354,975. the Mis- I
sion $409,817, the Western Addition $789,- j
010 and the outside lands $196,974. The i
building contracts made In July repre- j
sented $1,763,932. July was a record
breaker for building contracts with one
exception, that being May of the pres
ent year. During the past week the
building contracts were for the total
sum of $325,926.
The largest deals in city real estate
of the last week were made by Hooker i
& Lent. Through their agency B. D. ¦
Merchant sold 25x50 feet and a three- j
story and basement building on the |
southeast corner of Kearny and Call- j
fornia streets to J. M. McGee, and Louis, j
Friedlander and F. K. Houston sold '
26x50 feet adjoining the previously men- !
tloned property, with four-story and
basement building, to McGee. for $125,- ;
000 in total for the two pieces. Edward
B. Hindes sold to B. D. Merchant the
Hotel Nordhoff and 55x137:6 feet on the
south line of Bush street, between Tay- |
lor and Jones streets, for $95,000; also I
60x120 feet and six flats on the north
line of Bush street, 147 feet east of :
Gough, for H. A. Arnold to a client, ]
for $20,000. The transactions of ! these
brokers amounted to $240,000 in the J
week- *
Through" the agency of Madison &
Burke. C. Mascoero has completed the
purchase of the northeast corner of
Taylor and Derby streets and adjoin
ing properties from E. Baronio, Sophie
Chaquette, D. Morton and Thomas
Howell. with .old buildings and total
frontage of 60x82:6 feet, for $60,000. Th«
present rentals are $215 a month in
total. '
William J. Dingee has accepted a bid
of $75,000 from a client of Thomas Ma
gee & Sons for the northeast corner of
Eighth and Brannan streets, and of
$48,150 from a client of.Hoag & Lans
dale for the northwest corner of Van
Ness avenue and Lombard street.
OTHER LARGE DEALS.
' Sales are reported as follows by Chat- ¦
; field & -Vinzent: Twelve acres In Ross :
J Valley for A. P. Hotaling. on private
1 terms: 16T3 acres in Siskiyou County,
! near Eaglewood. for J. T. Lyndon to
I Albert Y. Sheldon, for $18,730; 283 acres
i near Mlddletown, Lake County, for J.
'P. Ambrose to Walter B. Finley. for
j $5660: 23 acres near N'apa, improved, for
I J. S. Stillson to William T. Simpson of
I St'. Louis, for $2300; also lots in the Wil- I
! liam Barber tract, in Ross Valley.
The same brokers acted as the Call-
I fornia representatives of Langford & !
, Co. of Chicago in a deal for 3S.OO0 acres ,
. naar . the .Bie Meadows, in Butte and
i Lassen counties, which were sold for
i 176,000. _.<-•
BoaTdman Brothers & Co. have sol<J'
i for Peter Creigh.ton to J. J. O'Toole :
! 50x50 feet on the east 'line* of Valencia 4
istreet. 1450 feet sotith of Nineteenth
¦ street, running through to Lexington ;
! avenue, with three-story building con- j
! taining stores and flats yielding an in- '
i come of $319 a month, for $33,000; also
I the northeast corner of Jackson and
I Cherry streets, 40x110 feet, to the Pre- >
i sidio wall, for $15,000, to a client. j
The following sales have been made,
; by G. H. Urabsen & Co.: Xortheast cor- j
J ner of Sixth and Jessie streets, for Pat
: rick B. Lynch to Thomas Denlpan, j
! 25x75 feet, with Improvements, for $60,- j
; 000: for T. B. Goodman, improvements
I and lot, 27:6x120 feet, on the south line;
I of Hayes street, 27:6 feet east' of La- i
¦ puna, $9000; for John W. Quick, lot 50x j
1 100 feet on the north line of Haight
j street. 61:6 feet east of Shrader, $6900; |
; for F. McGovern, Improvements and ;
• lot. 25xSS:6 feet, on the northeast line |
! of Boardman place. 75 feet southeast of
j Bryant street. $3600; for Martha W. !
j Coughlan, improvements and lot, 51:2x j
i 104 feet, on the {southeast corner of San- i
; chez and Dorland streets. $4000; for!
j Dayton et al., improvements and lot, i
25x90 feet, on the southeast line of Fol- j
pom street. 150 feet southwest of Elehth. i
$4500; for Mrs. C. Haacke. lot 27:6x110!
feet on the west line of Steiner street, <
I B5 fpet south of Green. 12350; for the j
j Bridget Lynch estate, lot 26x125 feet |
! and improvements on the east 'line of j
j Church street, 78 feet south of Twenty- >
i second, $1625; for Maria Engisch, the I
j southeast corner of Twenty-fourth and i
j Douplass streets. 25\90 feet, for $1*75. ":
! and for Morris Slminoff, three fiats and :
lot, 33:4x90 feet, on the east line of '
Steiner ptreet, north of Duboce avenue,
I on private terms.
HOUSES AND LOTS.
The following sales are reported by
Thomas Magee & Sons: Southwest
line of Third street, 80 feet northwest
of Bryant. 2jx"5 feet, with old building,
from Christian Woerner to Margaret B.
Chase, $12,250: north Hue of McAllister
jstrtet. CO feet east of Broderick, 32:0x
112 feet. Dr. Clark J. Burnham to Wil
liam F. Garms Jr., 54400, and ISO lots in
the Silver terrace. South San Francis
co, from William A. Thomas Jr., Fred
erick E. and Mrs. Helen C. Ma gee to
the S. Ducas Company, on private
terms. ..r 1
Joseph Haasermiller has eold to Jo
peph F. EUJott 25x100 feet and seven
room house on the south line of Pre
rtta avenue, north of Coso avenue, for
$2900. through the agency of Speck
& Co. ;•: •¦;;.. . '
The followlngr sales have been made
by Sol Getz & Son. South line of H
street. 02:6 east of Forty-sixth avenue,
25x100. to S. Elliott; west line of
Tfcnth avenue, 325 fe$t south of M
Ftreet. 37:6x120. to E. F. Dunnells:
west line of Forty- first avenue, 275
south of N* street. 25x120. to A. F.
Pete; south line of H street, 57:6 east
of Forty-eighth avenue, t<* E. Baum;
ecBt line of Forty-fifth avenue, 200
feet north of V street, 25x120, to E.
Alltucker; southwest corner of J
Flrect and Pino alley, 30x100, to R.
Champion: eawt line of Forty-flfth
July Is Eecord Breaker in
the Number of Building
Contracts for the Year
MANY HOUSES PUT UP
Large- Amount of Land and
Property Changed Owner
ship During Past Month
REALTY SALES
IN THIS CITY
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 7, 1904.
29
ADVERTISEMENTS.
gfe.^ FROM GRAY
'^^^|. ORIGINAL
r. : V^ : . color in
>^±^4 DAYS
MRS. NETTIE HARRISON'S .
4 DAY HAIR RESTORER
(A modern trlunsph In chemistry)
Not a dye but a natural restorer that Jn
4 days will restore srray or faded hair to
the natural- color of youth and preserve
tha color permanently. Leaves the hair
fine and glossy, clean and freo from stlckl-
ncF8 ami cQdlment. Easily applied and
positive in its action.
Price $1,00. Fcr Sale b/ All Druggists.
Good-Bye
Wrinkles;;
That rr.ar . your face and make you look
old. They disappear and In their, place
coniM th« smooth. loft skin of youth,
with, good color and healthy condition by
_ using
Lola Montez Creme
The treat ' tissue builder and akin food.
It nourishes; and hul Ids- up the impover-
ished tlfesues naturally 1 . 75c a Jar.
All Druggists.
FREE THIS WEEK
TDIAl L«dies ont of city sending
¦ "A 1 1\ Lt this ad. will receive a book of
I_ ¦_. Instructions and a box of
BOX LOLA MONTEZ CREME
and FacW, Pawder . free. •
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR SSSS"*"^". ''£¦
orfly means "ever discovered — the Klectriu
'Needle as operated by Mrs. Harrison.
MRS. nettIFharrison
' DERMATOIX)QIST, '
140 GEARY ST.,i Saii Francisco.
¦_ -^ad y j^Ki'isisMEyrs. :v
Specials That Are Specials i
Furniture Bargains J
¦ lift! \{ Here Is One That Is a Sur- • ¦ «
B MW'i P"^ It's a Fact, Toa f$ ¦ N «* "
1 nuSiS^ A Dtitoit JEWEL CAS RANGE, Artistic Tabonrcnc
H |gg^^ «et up and connected Ci A f\(\ "Y foonu
0 for kplU*Ul/ Either in mahogany
Th?«lr of ThJc TheyTl aU be sold in a few days- « f 8°^° Jf*? 0^
inmK OI THIS so come early. Regular $J^0, thii
A full sized sani- — — _¦¦ — 1^_ week 7Qq
tary, sterilized top « • il/f «lr« » ' ' w
Mattresj. satin tick VVC MaKe a =====
Sa V t";iis^n h y t X e Specialty o! Furnishing £T '
f ° r 5 7.5o-untii Flats Complete. J^f
Wednesday evening JP^3
I only.... tfjf. <n Cr7C? HH worth of Forni-
$^. 1 J $ / J* UU ««« and Carpets 7 !
* ** ?7.5O c«h and $1.50 fc^S^
per week. One dollar per week .^gjgg V3f
B^jjj^^o opsna an account. We pay freight. ..vS' ;
I^^^^J Our terms also apply to Oak- ComfOFt
J iMli I land/Alameda, Berkeley and all {qj That Baby I
I \w\ thi Suburbs. A folding go-cart—
rSSshi ril'/f 1 "i^ i«— i^ m^— I No, not a wood
mm IF What Is Home Without a back - e 004
SMP^syiL D A <.1r A »? generous wiOow one
ft 5K2£3£i? KOCKCn just like the cut. \
It^tr Here is a chance to get one -Golden Regular $5- ¦ "^bils
S|^^s^^«Jl oak finish, cobbler seat and very they last, you can
\V » *well made — one week fft OP buy one.tf*2 f\f\
\^| only;... .; ...»pI.OC) for....;.$O.UU
_-.' . " ¦ .." " " M
f3S9 r^F^^fHP^ttt t^s^^lfc^^^Bw s^J*^P^!B"T^^
sT
FURNITURE COMPANY
|| 338-342 POST STREET " -I
i i^ ?^]^^^aj^^^^S WSs^PQC^^T^n s^nf^s^iiT^^TB s^sff^B^sH^s^BI J^sBBB^sttsWW b^b^Uti
drink at Babs & Jules'.
- ¦ Ye Olde English Inn,
1U Mason st. Best things to eat and
JOE rfoSENBERis'S. ( - JOE KOSEXBERG'S. | JOE ROSENBERG'S. | . JOE ROSENBERG'S. \ JOE ROSENBERG'S."' '"
V^9G I Il/l? HI Ttt IWlIikl/^' WMYSKlT^kJ '<* y° u m extravagant il you don't trade at the Price
11 5 UilJL BUKNINIj miJils^l Cutler ' s - You ' 11 nnd his priccs a IilUc Iess (!or quam^-
.• • -. *" •.•^.••••^.. - -¦ * V *TT* "* fc^ *• Low priccs arc We'll let vou he the iuHtfp
better than arguments. These values do their own talkinj. Sec the goods. That's all we asK oi you. " ACl uv uc lil * i VQ^
LIKE BUBWIWO MO2TEY— MONET SAVING OFPOKTTTKXTXE8 TAILOR-MADE SUITS HEBE'S SOME VEST RICH NECK- WHAT WE BAT IS E3CACTLT WHAT
If you don't visit our Bargain De- IK LADIES' A2TO CHILDREN'S At prloes you will nerer expect to WEAB AT PRICES THAT WILL "WE MBAS.
?A5T^^^ n . d « insp t ct the MUSLIN ' HOSIEBT, THXJ GOOD WEABIWO . g?^'*^" 1 __ d I lf tt _, ... STJSELT PLEASE TOU. Yon cannot match thesa tcaxfa o»
UNDERWEAR we have on sale. LA- ATri> riTTING KIWD. SS5 e . "S d 55^t,"iLf* e if*JS t 7 e^J ic *" bnreau cover* for qnaUty or low
DIES' WHITE' SKIRTS.- made of ATO FITTIWO **»». SS^Sit oS?HS? !!*««• TAB AND COLLAR— price ta Tri»co. Fifty-six inches
soft bleach muslin, trimmed with a t,*bZE5' HOSE—. «.,«««?& t£u?* 7 Made of heavv silk chiffon *m- long. IS inches wide. Made of open-
deep nounce. tucks and Nor- C g\ thread fast hi ui ceedinffly low price. brolde?ed In Ind leaf J*« wo^ Irish P° int - Scalloped **C
SST5? n Valenciennes lace. 5(JC ptrfect^Se" T^u 'cannot 'reafS' ""¦•¦««. *&%£? In bluT pink and 2SC edge, tape flnishec. Price 25C
sampie. p - ce until you see. what a good Hose you Made of Scotch tweed, jackets made lavender. Price *¦*** *" :*.•*.
TlT1Tr i., mj.jiiL_i.Ljui._^- will cetat the Price Cut- 4 «* I / with new French cape, stole effect. . «»hi turner t« tv OTfrATrra nr.
liADOJE' PETTICOATS-- S"g ISonday and Tuesday 12>4c trimmed with a fancy mixed braid LACE TAB AJTO COZ.1AB— " CSXTT °J AJ H J^Vw ?v^R^
M^v e of , L ? nsda l? cambric, trimmed Yor X C*'<**' and silk ornaments. and lined with a Made ot English thread and Valen- MAKD THA» EVEB.
with a 12-inch flounce of embroid- Ior ' . sa tin serge— skirt made? with tailor- dennts lace- curved shaoed JL JLf But you caat buy It »t tals low
erj'. also dust ruffle; in our «« LADIES' HOSE— i stitched pleats and finished with tab P teoe and embroidery^fln- 0*>f* price: The imported kind. French
LADIES' DBAWEBS- ' ?J? '}££&/!»£** *" «5 00 YOJrX * Y ° TO DBESS SS" — ''¦' "" 25C
Made of soft bleached muslin, trim- ' ited quantity will be sold for Jl^C quantity lasts ...... W"H FEBSP2BATI0H
med with a deep hemstitched * r\ t ". . • If you wear these extra large IJUJIES' COBSET COVEB —
ruffle; umbrella shape; price | WP u . ,,,„ „»,-,- AJTOTHEB LADIES' SUIT. SHIELDS. They are the "ALBA" Made of cambric, trimmed with four
*^w CHILD s kosl . Made of Imnorted cheviot waist ia make, nainsook covered, interlined rows of English thread lace, run-
Bicycle ribbed; made of double- finianed witli tailor »traps' of taffete wlth a vegetable substance +q rjing up and down, armholes 1 /\
12Wc INSTEAD OF 80c ;.. twisted thread, fast black, heavy iuk, crashed ta^ffeta belt with brass which is washable and odor- |*)C and collar trimmed with lace; IWC
MALINE OR ILLUSION. AH silk. weight; • the ironclad kind. The buckle— large puff sleeve with turn- less. Price ••^^ instead of 35c. sale price. ... * ' w
The imported kind. 27 inches s«%Y/ quantity will not last all day -j»7 over cuff. Front and cuffs trim-'
. wide. In pink. blue, gray, I /V>C Monday for this quality .at. . |/(T med with gilt braid and buttons to HAVE TOU A WAIST SET? LADIES' HOSE SUPFOBTEBS —
blacli. white, etc. A yard ***'-*' *" match. Skirt trimmed with bias taf- If not. here are lome worth 30c or The good kind, that ought to go like
¦>¦?*¦•? :'¦•¦¦ feta bands, tailor stitched; also ' 40c. They include four pieces in lightning at these prices. Support-
FEABL BUTTONS — DBESSIWO COMBS — trimmed with bias taffeta bands, in carved and plain pearl, gold trim- ers that attach to the side of the
Small and medium size. 2 and 4 n Made of black unbreakable •f/v flounce effect. Instead of . ii-a g\f\ med. also black and gun -f/* corset; made of fancy frilled -f g\
• holes: cl<»ar white; the - good Sp rubber; fine and coarse teeth; Illf" 515.00, J1S.00 and 520.00. JK Illj metal; many pretty designs.. IWC elastic, with patent button It/C
heavy kind. A dozen ..**** 8 inches long; price" »wv while the quantity lasts H'Vew */^w clasp; in black only; a pair. . * wv>
IT'S LIKE BUXXnxrO MOlfXJT— « ' . ' " ' \' ¦ ¦ ' ' ' II SHIBT 'WAISTS CAST BE USED ALL TEAS BOTISO—
Not to Visit Our Corset Department This Week. . • \ But Ton Cannot Buy tie Material at tie Price We Are
EDMONDA — The queen of Girdle Corsets. Queen .^^^^yjJL '• I Oloslar Them Out For.
Louise, the new French shape, made of all silk satin (T -^g^gg^ ¦'>'•-' Here is one made of lmr>orted white lawn, box plaited
tape, aluminoid boning, which is rust proof and 5*7 • v^~«Jv* ,-^=-, . - ~ down the front, with Valenciennes lace Insertion; new
unbreakable: neatly finished with satin ribbon J/C " flJ '¦ ~Z=^*~~~~ . puff sleeves; detachable collar, with lace tab i-jr>
bow. In pink. blue, white and black. Price f J^ji\ - c-~ trimming. A limited quantity will be sold for.. g^Q,
C. B. A LA SPIBITE COBSET— \N
The One That Has Beceived the Highest Award Wherever { 1 - 1 V XT ' S L1XI! B^^ITXho MOHET—
E3^ i " ted ; , .. . . . .. . ¦ „.„ V^^/fffl l TO\te==5P5^^^^^^^^^ " M >, K * on J* 031 ** Oom « »*4 m«P«ct Taeie 34.00 an4 83J3O L*-
e^2rtur^b^^1SS%±Ji5JS: N^ilSll^^^^^^fe Jl «e.'^ouo r waging SMrt, Tiat W. WUI PUC. « Sal.
rne e nfsf unlived', whfcfma^fitifg^t $%£^VZ& I "^S^^^^F SSS °Z^k«£Z$ Jg 3*
an extra strong tape at wain which prevents Us stretch- ''xFmaffl2&& *^S^^<^-S^*^SM // ' *?™% JP™} t -£l m ™JL? Ith TT , P ™f v?^t a
ing. In black, white and gray. To those who Have had \\. TO#^ - X - -^=- V ' '"i^™"—^^?^ S.tl^^ tJ^Jff-^"-. 1 *^^ 311^-* 3^ *
thoir rnrspts mnrlw tn nrr^pr it will ho 1IV(» *« M f\ f\ V BJS/f 'slXisJ^VrA medium Welgtlt. faeelng 13 DelleVlng, 80 D9 fl< * ftp
ffirnln^mSe^StSfnS^thSi^?.. 1 *! $1.00 j ' W ' ' ' * ' ' " X — '" ' — " *— " — — » $1*95
NEMO COSSETS— « 1 1 A j j I *TP "* CL 1 T I/ T**, • LaTOSBT BILLS ABE A TSIOST XTOWADATS— •
To Women "Who Are Inclined to Be Stout, Here Is a Self- <£$/¦/ II *--/ -LyI l\ HZ Water costs no more. We belonr to no trusts. Wa try
Eeducinr Corset. • I r*^"^i to undersell, and we Invariably do. Here are ' somo LA- '
Made of English coutil. lace trimmed; it lengthens the r> I-TDM I \T/"* AifAMCA/ Sf?. 3 ',..?^^^?^^- JJt'hilrk^^h^Zi"
waist, gives the dip effect now so much in -fashion; urn- .S^V §~£ I |T I V I \f ¥ Ml I [\ h V tiVh H? »Vrh «™/i ft r, SUi^fl flnn^?"??^
brella curved hip. We have them in ten dif- fft Pft WM\ II 1111 \l ImI|I\|I ««ffSS ?*?it* nmftffi JffiFnS n «t?££S L^SSi A?
•r* -^^kN^i IV \r\-~r "T^r^. \ rir irr and all lengths , » "r
IT WILL BE INJUSTICE TO YOUB PURSE II" YOU : WL^'2TV '/ Pj()l I 1 I V I 1 1 I '
DON'T COME AND SPEND A HALP HOUR WITH US 7 HUBliV * v < * lL - y| ' WE ABE CUTTING PBICE3 IS IiAPISS' HTmiT WAIST
MONDAY. WO CARDS, BUT ALL INVITED. VI Wffi2^—^ /^^^ fHF r>f>l/^F i^t YTTT?Z> SUITS —
LADIES' SHIRT WAIST SUITS — Made of imported silk M I I I L- I fl IL^O l/(J I I Ltl\ 1* you n « ed on*' Prie« them elsewhere." Then yon irCl
foulard. Waist made with the new Inns shoulder pffect, ,>>^*i^ Mi -^, .^ realize how reasonable the Price Cutter Bella, ilaile of
full piifT sloeves. tailor-stitched tabs from shouUirr to Yf/^^^m i.^s'^^^a-JS/v I HIS \A/FF*I^ fa8t black French lawn, with white dots or rings. Full
watft line, finished with silk rings and tassels. Skirt IP j s \S • ¦ *'»_/ »¥ JLsl_*i\ | , flare skirt, with the new Etrella flounce, trimmed with a
made with tailor-stitched box-plaited seams, fahdy tailor- 'W,/^. __-»^^r i neat black and white washable bralcL Waist mad« with
stitched tabs down the sides; in checked and dotted ef- ¦ "Tr"^ - I new bishop sleeve and detachable collar, plaited back
fects; cost not considered; real worth $12.00 <r«/> r«/\ ..'.••• and the new straight front effect..- Instead «p-j nrv
and $15.00. Try to be the first comer, for the >W,3(j | , . of J2.50 and $3.00, as Ion* aa they last »fll.»)U
quantity will not last long for — .... r " ' ¦' ' ' '¦' '" '" ' ' : • » .«••••«
U5OEBWSAS IS A ZTSCESSITT, LADIES' COMBIHATION SUIT. xzr INVOICING OUB EANDEEB- WHT NOT GST A. SAFETY BAG ESTBA! EZTBA!!
NOT A LUXURY. Low neck and no sleeves, ankle CHIEF STOCK WE PIND WE ABB POB TRAVELING? LADY WARWICK XXD OLOVES—
And it will pay yon to lay them length, neck and arm holes finished OVEBSTOCKED IK BEUAST I.IN- You will appreciate the merit of Made ef English dogskin, outsid*
aTide if >oudo not need tSm now with crocheted edge with washaBUi E1 j GO ODS- these when you see them. Made of seams stitched with double-twisted
clrLiri^Trse/^nn? 1 ffiS They Are Extra Strong Different S^To^Se^g^Sd flis^ug^
and d no O sl?e U ve e 8 .\ e |i%^ Tribbed^nJ?^ duce Htock price now. ... Jl.OO LADip- HANDKERCHIEFS -At slble to fose money or tickets 50C mode'kSffo'w^Now 8 * $1 QO
deep lace yoke. In pink. blue. SfJC T 75c a dozen or b« apiece. MEN S— out of It. Now »*ww .ifll.VV
cream and white Now ''^ $1.25 a dozen or lU^C apiece. .
cream and. white. Now SADIES' VEST. JnL ««- ' " LADIES' H00K-0W HOSE SUP- THE PBOOP OP THE PUDDWO IS
LADIES' DBAWEBS. Hlgh neck . long sleeve. Made of GOOD HEWS— POBTEBS. **"' jjr TOT EATTNQ
The new patent kind. Jersey knit. Knglish thread, lisle finish, summer Just received a case of the celebrat- Made with a sateen pad. French _. , , . . _ __
made of soft finished Egyptian weight, jersey knit, ¦•• in tyr* ed KAYSER DOUBLE - WOVEN* lisle elastic; made with strong sat- We clean gloves by dry process. We
thread, French band, with buttons whiter only. 'At tie Price Cut- /SC GLOVE. Made of pure silk, three een pad. with a Kant-undo *%« challenge you to 00 any better at
at the side. Soft as velvet and no t <?r's I ;.. «-«»-r%< rQwg . Qf 8 titching on . the back. clasp. In pink. blue, black /*>C our prlce *. which la less than «^
ironing or starch needed. Umbrella . r ' ' : '- ., , Every pair guaranteed? In red, and red ****** you pay elsewhere. A pair....
shape, finished with 3-inch #%n CHILD'S VESTS.. ' V' v brown, tan. mode and gray. ««% ••
high neck and long sleeves. Per- e"^ e - ; W rarmtot' t?^ ;?/ H^^ imoo ted white Diaue team .hrurk- twisted eastic patent button clasp. een Inches wide; made on pA
holes fini fn he Sink am biur 8 ana in w a hTe' $$&^$&&8& '* S^c^fSVte^&Ve^s'SrWM" wVuWt P be VJkinVany b 6 aatt ' lea;p
YouVe been^n'th^habU^f plfing ****** 0P . .•H»'A» * l *° HOW - t tV°^ t A tCh^ ar ° Und the mSdi fpr tti? s5le"flcJ?! 25C Price ............ ....^^V,
J 1.50 for this. We are <* t /v#% ff ; *^P°- ' •>(< . *i P > .'. skirt. _ On display in our qp fciwJV doht HEED AWT laces
.-reducing *tock. hence $1 00 -. tafiiek' • ComWnatlon Pocket-book. O'Farrell - street . window. y^P, *» » w» W 7T HEED AHT LA CES
. the low price i P liVV and Pur..,, made of Levant, seal and Price ................. '^ w VABIETT OP BIBBOHS POB THE Our New YoS buyer scoonfd them
LIKE BUB^O MO^ET- SsfeBSfeffi t ~ \ ' At JJ™S? low SS?"vo 4. 2§5^R^S^f
If You Dont Buy Notion, at the Price ffi^Ttan'' VlS''™' SOf I ft P fl rt ft T RIHr H fi S W^' welPo^hi^n^Je^rth^d
Cutter'.. black flnd tan. 1 rice... . . jy^ | r* W~ II 1 9 H i Rl UllJ 1 1 the imported kind. in-|0l/« washing kind; from one to four n
SAFETY PIXS-Large or- •¦.•'-•• ' § § 1 &> t\ II Q L 11 DC II U blaCk ° nIy " P " yard 1^/2C inches wide; on the bargain SC
small sizes, nickel plated; Sr» tape MEASURES— ' 1 1 1 1 B~ I1W W ¦¦¦11*»«11W ..•; teble. a yard ****
black or white. A dozen. smy inched long, numbers on both U-U ¦¦ THE P.RICE CUTTER HAIR PINS- TA3tia PABHIOS
aipaca S$^^ t£?»£ ! Sg lc 8 l6 Market St. II O'Farrell St. 5c ' € SS B rf t &
flnieh and corded edge. For hair ter s % A dozen w ported white, duck with em-
wlshabl 1 ? In'plnk. blue.^hHe Sc BIBB0N5. BOWS AND PUPPS MADE MAIL OBDEBS SOLICITED. EVXBY DAT „ A BA*GAp DAT AT SSS?* Pa^n" adjustible' 2Sc
and black. Now, a yard h ' v PBEE BT EXPERTS. J • THE PRICE CUTTER'S. metal buckles. Price . M *' v '
J£CH|g^AND
• ':¦ ¦ • ¦_ •
LEAXIIXC BUSINESS COLLEGE OF THE
WEST. — •.
Chr«r 24 Port rt.. S*n FVaoclsc^ Cat
E*t*b- 40 rearm. Open entire year.day * nlcht.
for circulars <fr«e).
.^OSflEYERKCK 2?"%^?"^
li.^., FRA , NCISCO - Established lwi!
n^4"^f* C w jr xbt '»*»«» and best
•juIpjmwI .chool on the Pacific Coast— oCer-
. ._b* * 11 *"• *<Svant*ret of Eastern and
Eurcpeaa censervatorte* for a thorough '
rnnsleai •flQcs.tloa. Prospectus upon ap-
r -auca. \ Ultors to tfce World'? iTalr 8U
* r !» nx ' lt ' <1 to «*»lne the 'exhibit
-<^v Polytechuiic Basl-
ness Cclleffo aad
•gtggEjS^^^i School of Ensrl-
***rinx. Oa*l&a4.
@S£m**3535^^ CaL— Largest and
fcg&f j%Trn&f****Pc£ bftt equipped scbacl
t-rg*^ !?iffili«L 1 *rC^^y3 °' bu »'' n '* s . shcrthand
V7j, iV^^^"^Srt?ff*K *-^ tcsinetrtng vrttt
. -"" " **^f* low. • Writ* for tn*
Hills College and Seminary
COfOTaUl DEGREES AND GRANTS DIPLO-
• UA6. , „
Hmfnnrr eocrs* accre£Ited to tb« unlverst-
tlj« mat I—Aim Eaxtern coUe««s: r*r« opportB-
»1U« irtTered la music, art and .-alocutton. Thlr-
«^«lcta r**r. Fail term op«a Aujwt XOt
IMi. Writ* ter . e*.tal©«^i« te- - •
.^SiL^C. T_ MILLS, PRESIDENT.
¦MZLLS COLLEGE P. P.. CAI^
TUB t-'VCEUAT.
Aa «*crwJ!u4 prepaxatcry school for th« onl-
J««lt», law »ad ia«llcal collercs. Is wen
xsewa tor tu careful asd tborourh work. Com*
if* Wwmi-ia: we prepare you well: r»fer-
"SSS.'*iSSS t^fi^ B V or " r staaterd "-
L. H. GRAU. Ph. P.. Principal.
J I UJ^SIPJ BUSINESS COLLEGE
| V"J 91 SL\i Bookkeepics;. Tjplac .
]f I \ fl ft f~\ll Ehorthaad. Pen:r>ar.*h!p.
llll .1 n% 1 Indlrldnai lnstructlcn.
' rt I I ! IV ". Combined Coune, $5 a
' tm * m^ mi^ m^^ m^** month: day and eve.
Bancroft BIdg.. 723 Market St. !
rjr- 1
HAMLIN SCHOOL
: ' A3TD VAJT BXSS SEMIKAET.
1849 Jackaoa tt.. S. F. Boarding and Say
,»cboel tor rfrla. Accredited by the leadlnc
'colieses aad unlver»itle». Special attention
jrlveo to tnusle. Reopens TUESDAY. August
». l&OC 6ARAH P. HAMLIX. Principal.
BELMONT SCHOOL
"rCR DOTS, BELMONT. CAL.— Opens for new
popiU Au». 15. For fornwr rapi!» Aug. 17.
.W. T. REID. A. M.. Harvard. Head Master.
St. Mary's College,
OAKLAND. CAI..
Ftu«!e» wUl be rwucM MONDAY AuVurt L
*'•**¦ BRO. ZENO.NIAX. Presideat.
"WF^TFRM "^e" 11^ bttlaess" coarse. Enx-
MLvlLnn i lfh# booUceepla«. shoruhand. ar-
rtl'IllICC ithmetlc. tlpebra, etc.. Civil 6er-
lU.lIlLda vic *- lodlrtdual Instruction. Po-
,«. . _-- titlons for graduates. « mo. (d«y>
rnilPRP *&>¦ E«- School. 6 no.. %2i.
• g* • An enrollmect of
CCCrf lO ri\lOv «'O etudects tells
•***¦ I _: tfc».ttory of our
. TA^SiM^I rVCCC »ucce«.s;new build-'
: jOllcCvC) mholuom* colleca
K^*s —^ Mfe; -¦- CataJosra*.
. PT5 OcMen Ga.t* ave.. S. T. '¦
ANDERSON ACADEMY,
IRVINGTON. California.
•T'.rn term of 19C3-04 beittns on Aururt 10
WILLIAM WALKER ANDERSON. Principal!
'JSXSS WEST'S SCHOOL TOB GIRLS,
• 2114 VAN NESS AVE.. open, Auc 17
HCEe asd Day SrhoM. Accredited by leadlnr
cc::eres. Fcr catalc-rue addre«* MARY B
BOONE'S UNIVERSITY SCHOOL,
3EEXEI.EY.
U0PTR8 MONDAY. AUG. 8.
x P. ». BOOKE.
flitebcock Military Academy
6AK RAFAEL. CAL.
WILL REOPEN on Aujrust 18.
' Apply to th« PrtndpaL
IRVING INSTITUTE.
Mount Tamalpais Military Academy
EAN RAFAEL. CAL.
Jnaler s«hool separate. FaU term berln. A or.
UL arthvk CRCSBT. P.P.. Head Master.
}iV71< : i/*&& ! +Er*S3 s 9 ocst pra.-tl-
- ffiSiatSlSiaiil??? f*^* recommenoed
BBESfgiQwil " v expert court re-
BgfWW5Hf3«r7?» porter*. Send ior
rarnwriri i*'i * ' V, at , a lo s u e - :as -
~ Market St.. S, V.
null I sj * uc . nser :»"-O tiaa
IIWII I V p*rfect sanJtaUoa; Ulu»-
trat^d ca:aicru e . w J
. MEREDITH. Vice Pnscli*!, Mrr.lo Parx." Cai.*
COLLEGE OF SOTEE D AitE
£A>" JOSE. CAL. Kxctaclvdjr for tua-d!nr
jtutferta, FUty-tfclrJ year, cour.es; Ciat.i.cai!
Literary. Ecitnilfic. . Cor.strvatory. UtUec*
prtrtntory accredltrd. Ix^termediat* and p*i.
¦rharr Ciarsca. tiu^ln. resumed Tue»d»y. auj-
DAXrO ALTO ACADEMT, one mile from
¦ Stacrcrd Univemty— Boys »nd young rc tn
prtpared fcr Eutnford. Berkeley or F.a»t«ro
cplleres. Exc*ptlcsal ACvantjiKes In Mod/ra
Ltrruacea ar.d IJ shtr Matheinatlri. Fall t«ra
b»t:r.» Aucuit :>2 For catalogs* « littm»
M^TVARr. PHtPT.g-T P«l« Alto Jm%
GRAPE-yUTS.
Can feel
Effect
In strength all
day on
GRAPE-NUTS
AND CREAMD.- W. Freshfleld," who ascended
Mount Kangehenjunga with a party
of friends, states that those persons
who ; suffered from mountain sickness
were most affected ¦betweenI15,000 and
16,000 feet, and that there was no in
crease of symptoms up to 20,000 feet. :
Stores Wanted
On main business street. All communi
cations confidential. W. S. Townsend.
Cal. Glace_ Fruit. 715 Market st. •
Townsend's California Glace fruits in
artistic fire-etched boxes. 715 Market st*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cal
ifornia street. Telephone Main 1013, •
THE people of Kings County are interested in a
large proposition. The reclamation of the bed of
Tulare Lake is desired. Formerly the lake was
navigated by steamboats. It has disappeared from the
map as a body of water. In theodepression where for
merly were its waters agriculturists , find rich soil. A
mass meeting was held in Hanford recently to find out
what can be done to make the entire lake bed available
for agricultural uses.
It was represented that a tract of land 21,000 acres in
extent had been flooded out this year because the waters
of the Kings River were not carried off in drainage
canals. It is possible- to permanently reclaim ¦ these
21,000 acres and 700,000 additional acres of arid land can
be brought under cultivation if the Kings River is prop
erly controlled and its verdure sustaining moisture is
wis'ely applied. No one questioned -the accuracy of these
figures. Some discussion followed. The outcome was
the appointment of r a committee of twenty-five citizens
to prepare a plan of procedure,- having in view reclama
tion.
In the coutse of discussion it was developed that the
overflowing of of acre's of crop:, this year
was due to the incqmpleteness of a canal system that will
eventually surround the boundaries of the old lake. :
This canal has the double object of preventing overflows
RECLAIMING A LAKE BED.
The young lady who was forced by a court the other
day to return her engagement ring after she had thrown
over the swain that had placed it on her betrothal finger
may soothe her chagrin in the reflection that the fellow
she refused wasn't good enough to have anything worth
keeping anyway.
Captain Eugene H. C. Leutze, U. S.
N., commander of the battleship
Maine, lias German blood in his veins,
and vast knowledge of detail about
naval ordnance in his head. Before
he was given the Maine and last went
to sea he was superintendent of the
gun factory at the Washington navy
yard, and gained the reputation of
being a strict taskmaster.
Habitually an "early to bed early to
rise" man. Captain Leutze found him
self unable to sleep one night. He
arose, dressed, left his quarters, and
walked down to one of the gun shops.
Although three shifts are needed to
dispose of the great press of work now
on hand, there was little doing.
1 Captain Leutze's sharp eye detected
a mechanic sitting on the carriage of
a great lathe, which was slowly run
ning to and fro, taking almost innnite r
sixnal threads of steel from a twelve
inch gun. He was dozing, oblivious to
all surroundings, when Captain Leutze
reached his side and aroused him
with:
"Well, what :.re you doing and
what's your, name ?"
The craftsman looked up and quail
ed. Then, with a resigned air, he re
plied: "Well, I guess it's Dennis."
He was not discharged.— Kansas
City Journal.
He Guessed It.
IN one of his thrilling editorials in the Examiner,
Mr. "Hearst frankly lays a . wounded spirit where
the .public can see it suffer. This injury has been
caused by "his discovery of a rich man's son, clad in
overalls, an apprentice in a machine shop and learning
a trade! Mr. JHearst is of the opinion that a rich man's
son should have an ambition above wearing overalls and
learning a handicraft. The overalls seem to be spe
cially offensive and are referred to with a bitterness of
expression which , we thought could not be, excited by
that harmless and. necessary article of clothing.
Mr. Hearst is of the opinion that a rich man's son
should put ill his time doing good, elevating his fellow
inair,'as it were, and declares that this young man in
overalls is not fulfilling that high mission.* We can see
no occasion for all this fuss. Men who have had trades
and worn overalls have done many a good job at ele
vating their fellows, and history asks no question about
what they wore, whether trousers or overalls.
Without taking time to fully examine the ethics of the
question, we should 'say that it, shows a very com
mendable spirit in a rich man's son that he desires to
join .his fellow-men in a workshop, learn their trade,
take pot luck with them and train his hands to skill
in a useful and honorable occupation. He will then
h?ve an honest calling by which to earn a living, if
his" riches take wings. " /
Mr. -• Hearst puts in* ;parV of his time writing edi
torials deploring the- exclusiveness of the rich, a theme
upon which he is. occasionally almost eloquent and al
ways fervid, end now he bucks because a rich youngster
has dropped exclusiveness and wears overalls' and chews
hi3 lunch out of a tin bucket.
: vAs Mr.' Hearst is rich in experience as the son of a
millionaire he should explain more fully his objection
to overalls! We are of the opinion that they are 100
per cent.better than no "pants? at all, and we are minded
to defend them against ; this unexpected attack from the
rear.- '--•*' >'-'H* -•-¦ • . ¦ . .•
MEASURING MOUNTAINS— Valam
brosa, Cal. The barometer is an Instru
ment for measuring the weight or pres
sure of the atmosphere. It is also used
for measurins mountains. When the
barometer is at the foot of a mountain
the pressure it sustains must be great
er than that to which It would be sub
jected at the top by the weight of th»
column of air Intervening between the
summit and the bottom of the moun
tain. When it is known at how many
feet above the earth's surface the
pressure of air becomes so far lessened
as to cause the mercury in the long
tube to fall one inch, at how many feet
it falls two inches, three inches and so
on, the process of measuring the height
of a mountain becomes a very easy
one. Ot course, the number of feet cor
responding to inches of depression was
ascertained In the first instance by
actual measurement. This depression
varies with the size of the tube, and it
is also somewhat affected by the tem
perature and by the amount of mois
ture in the air. These latter differences
must be tested by actual experiment.
Allowance must also be made for lati
tude. To meet these conditions and to
insure perfect accuracy in the result,
complex formula and tables are used
by mathematicians, but for ordinary
use measuring barometers have been
made on which are recorded the heights
indicated by varying levels of the mer
cury, as the degree of temperature is
recorded on a thermometer.
ABOUT OVERALLS.
HOBSON'S CHOICE — A Subscriber.
Sacramento, CaL "Hobson's choice—
that or none," had its origin from th»
action of an old English livery-stable
keeper. In the time of Charles I Hob
son let horses to the students at Cam
bridge. He would never break his rule
of letting the horses in strict rotation.
Persons wanting horses had to tak»
those whose turn it was to go out or
they could not have any. Hence th»
saying. "That or none," which tu
transformed Into "Hobson's choice."
The wheat growers of California have organized to ask
the Legislature at its next session to appropriate $6000
with which to conduct experiments with the cereal and
to discover if possible the causes which .have contributed
to deterioration. As the fame of California rests more
upon her 'agriculture than upon her gold it is obvious
that the plan of the farmers to protect their most vital
interest must meet with popular and governmental ap
proval. .
SCHOOL OF MINES— H. TL. Dedrick.
Trinity County. Cal. Professor David
Starr Jordan of the Stanford Univer
sity writes: "In a recent answer to a
correspondent is one In regard to the-
Missouri School of Mines. This institu
tion Is a well-conducted branch of the
University of Missouri, and is situated
at Rolla. Mo. It is not listed as a sepa
rate school because it is a branch of
the university." This furnishes the In
formation the correspondent from Ded
rick desired.
"Uncle Joe" thought a moment, re
membered that while at the store he
had seen several coats exactly like his,
which the salesmen had told him were
held at the same price, and then, notf
being averse to. picking up ten dollars
.with so little effort, said. "I'll go you."
•The exchange was quickly effected.
While walking on toward his office
"Uncle Joe" met one of hlSj daughters.
She scolded him for exposing himself to
'.'You don't say!" was the friend's re
sponse. "Why, I'll give you twenty
five dollars for it!','
Joseph G. Cannon, Speaker of the
House of Representatives, is not as
careful about the details of his dress
as some other members of Congress.
Since his elevation to his present po
sition he > has paid more attention to
his apparel than he did when he was
merely one of the many on the floor,
but even now he forgets sometimes to
the extent of leaving a few inches of
waistcoat unbuttoned or a cravat
crawling up to his ear instead of keep-
Ing under his chin. A few days before
Congress adjourned, he appeared in a
brand new suit, the fit and general
style of which indicated the work of a
finished and up-to-date tailor. This
had the effect of reviving a story of
the old days when he did not even
dream, perhaps, of occupying the seat
made notable by Crisp and Reed.
"Uncle Joe," as he is familiarly called,
has always been economical and firm
ly believes that a dollar saved 13 a
dollar earned. One of his methods of
laying up money along these lines
used to be to buy ready made clothing
and to pay not more than $15 for a
suit or an overcoat. The result was
sometimes too marked to be alto
gether acceptable to the members of
his family, and ultimately his daugh
ters worked out a plan which . they
thought would solve all the various
problems involved. The scheme was
simply to go to the clothing store
where their father traded, deposit u
certain sum of money with the propri
etor and instruct him to* bring: out his
best stock when his distinguished cus
tomer called, but to say nothing or do
nothing that would give him a hint
that the clothing displayed for hi3 in
spection was not his favorite $15 '
grade. Then, if he chanced to select
a suit worth $45 he paid his $15 and
the remaining $30 was taken from the
amount deposited by his daughters.
All went well until ¦ some of the
neighbors were let into the secret. One
day "Uncle Joe" came proudly down
the street wVaring a handsome new
overcoat for which he had just paid
$15, but for which the storekeeper
had also deducted an additional thirty
five dollars from the trust fund." A
friend who had become 'acquainted
with the modus operand! of the deal
met him and. expressed excessive admi
ration for the now garment.
"Yes, it's a fine coat," said Mr. Can
non. "Only cost- me fifteen dollars,
too."
"Uncle Joe's" Overcoat.
CARRYING A WEAPON— New Sub
scriber. City. There is no law in Cali
fornia that prohibits a person while
actually traveling through the State
from carrying a weapon of defense, nor
is there any law that will prohibit an
individual while hunting from carrying
weapons. In San Francisco no one not
an officer of the law or a soldier Is per
mitted to carry a weapon concealed
without having a permit to do so.
LARGEST STEAMER— J. F. D..
City, and S. of K.. Oakland. Cal. The
largest steamer afloat is said to be the
Baltic of the White Star line, 725 feet
long, 23.000 gross tonnage, and capacity
for carrying 3000 passengers. The
length of the Great Eastern was 692
feet. Her passenger capacity wa3 5000.
BAROMETER FLOWER — Subscri
ber, Oakland. Cal. What Is known as a
barometer flower is an artificial one.
colored with chloride of cobalt. In dry
air It is blue, in moist air it turns pink.
I know not when on even keel •
Shall ride my storm-tossed bark —
Sometime I know the call. "All's well" —
Will echo through the dark.
Sometime upon mine ears shall fall
The welcome cry of "Land!"
And on my worn and wave-washed deck
My Pilot soon wijl stand.
Sometime the veiling mist will fade.
And then across the foam —
Across the troubled, breaking bar.
Will gleam the lights of home.
And He. who knows the sea I sail,
Will take me by the hand;
And, smiling on my battered ship,
Will lead me safe to land.
—GEORGE X. LOWE.
I sail across conflicting seas.
Dark, fog-girt and profound:
Hope leadeth me and bears m» on.
And 1 am homeward bound.
The night is long, and drear, and dark.
And darker seas arise;
But on the tempest's wrathful breath
My home-bound pennant flies.
I know not -when the mist may lift
Its gray wines from the sea —
Somewhere before I know there lies
Safe anchorage for me.
Homeward Bound.
IN EUROPE— B. N., City. Great
Britain, which Includes England. Scot
land and Wales and the Irish Isle, al
though distinct islands, always* rank as
a part of Europe.
'Answers to Queries.
THE naval commanders of Russia have been ordered
to sink no more merchant ships. Skrydloff found
such use of his guns more congenial than in fight
ing the Japanese navy, and was so exultant over it that
he treated his gallant, gunners to the beer.
The press of the United States was no more inclined
to advise submission to Russian piracy than was that of
Great Britain. It has been especially refreshing to fol
low the course of such strong opposition papers as the
New Ycjrk World and the Times.
The World says: "Russia has grossly blundered in
making war on neutral commerce. Her position is un
tenable and must be abandoned. Apologies, reparation
in full and assurances against a repetition of such law
less raids will be demanded by the aggrieved powers,
and must* be granted."
The Times says: "It is simply intolerable that a cas
ual naval officer should be allowed to take the adjudica
tion of such a case into his own hands. The plain fact
is he has prevented the ship from being brought before
a court for adjudication and that therefore all presump
tions are in favor of the owners and against him. A
full restitution in 'value is what the British Government
is entitled to demand, and the Russian Government to
grant, and- what our Government is entitled to ask and
Russia to grant for such of the cargo as is owned by
Americans. As for the futqre, in case of other Russian
cruisers whose commanders are given to magnifying their
oflices, it would be well that the authorities of an American
port which an American steamer leaves for Japan should
be satisfied that she carries no contraband, and that
an American man-of-war, . more powerful than any
cruiser of the / Vladivostok squadron, should thereupon
be detailed to accompany the merchantman to see that
she completes her voyage without molestation."
That is the right sort of talk, and Americans will al
most regret that Russia backs down and prevents the
pleasure of such a meeting on the high seas.
The backdown is only one more added to the many
humiliations that Russia earned. More will follow un
til her pretense of ruling the world will be the world's
laughing stock.
RUSSIA BACKS DOWN.
"Am erica."
The Golden Gate Park^Baad, naflen
the leadership of Paul Steindorfl, wGX
play the following programs** In thm
park this afternoon:
Star Spangled Banner . ,...X«y
March. "Southern Bells" lOx SBffta*
Overture "Orpheus" 0Snb«afc
Waltz. "Southern Roses" Strsssa
Solo for Uutj. fantasia en "Sortnr Song"
MendelsMha
Grand fantasia. "Cavallerta. RusticanV..
,...3l*»eacBl
Overture, "Ob^ron" . ..W»b«»
fa> Cajorice. "Idl» Hours'" Krvtsebmar
(b) Oriental Serenade, "Th« Star Dreamer"
Bendtx
Paraphrase. Loreley" Neavmdb*
Selection. "The Burgomaster" Luiera
Coronation March .EUenberc
Park Music To-Day.
A Chicago professor, more confident in the accuracy
of his vision of the future than most of us are in ours,
risks his fame for prophecy in the assertion that in three
years China will be the center of the world's stage in
commerce. If the chaos of warlike uncertainties that
now rules in the Orient be any guide to future conditions
in three years China's commerce will be with death and
devastation and the bloody greed of predatory nations.
Nothing has appeared in print as yet
regarding Stanley J. Weyman's new
story, but I hear privately that Mr.
\Teyman has once more chosen France
as bis scene and that the period of his
latest romance, tvhich has not yet been
named, is that of Henry IV. Mean
while, rumor declares that Mr. Swin
burne is working on a drama which
has Savonarola as its -subject George
Moore, whose new novel Is to bear the
title "General Life." is spending the
sumr.-er months at his house in Ely
Place. Dublin." Regarding this resi
dence, there is a rather srood story. It
was formerly the house of John Phil
pott Curran, the famous Irish lawyer
With the end of the season at hand,
authors, like other folk, are on the
move. Thomas Hardy, who generally
makes a point of coming to London
• when every one else is leaving it, ar
. rived in "town" recently and has been
spending most of his time since then
In the reading-room of the British Mu
euem — presumably seeking material for
the remainder of his famous Napo
lponic drama, "The Dynasts." Mr.
Hardy was the guest of honor at a
dinner given by Dr. Robertson Nicoli
at the Devonshire Club the other even-
Ing, to -which a distinguished little
company Eat down. It included Ed
mund Gosse. Professor Henry Van
Dyck of Princeton. Mar Beerbohm.
Clement K. Shorter and the Rev. R. J.
Campbell. Percy White left London
this week for Scotland. He said laugh
ingly that he knew as little as any one
what his next book would j e. but that
he proposed to get back to hi3 London
home In Holland street. Kensington,
and begin working on It some time in
October. Derbyshire, which Britons
I know as the "Peak country. 1 ' has been
chosen by several v.riters as their
r layground this year. Even Phillpotts,
who 'rarely deserts Devonshire. Is at
Hathersage. Near by Richard White-
Ing is staying at a little cottage not
far from Holmesfield. the home of
Murray Gilchrist, and two writers
nave been seeing more or less of each
oiher. Coulson Kernahan. when I saw
him the nher day, had just returned
from Derbyshire, and Mr. ' and Mrs.
Janvier, v.ho, of course, are Americans
are there at present.
- But what struck me and my compan
ion, Miss Constance Smedley— whose
new book, "Heart of Gold," is to be
published by Harpers next month — as
most interesting at the Kernahans*
'ivere the respective "workshops" of
this literary couple. In the rear of their
house is a lawn — upon which in sum
mer visitors are entertained at tea—
and at the end of this are two small
rustic huts, as alike as two peas . -d
about twenty feet apart. Each is fitted
up as a "deii," and In one are to be
found the writing rhateri_ls, manu
scripts and books of reference of Ker
nahan in the other those- if his wife.
Each of the "huts" Is llrlued by win
dows In every trail, and each is equip
ped with, a heating apparatus. Thus
the literary couple are able to work,
summer and winter alike, within a few
feet of each other, and yet be respec
tively as undisturbed as if they were
miles apart. From what I saw of the
Kerr.ahans, however, I imagine that
few hours pass without visits being ex
changed between the two "huts."
HEADQUARTERS OF THE CALX*
6 • HENRIETTA STREET, COVENT
GARDEN, LONDON, July 23.— While
in" Westcllffe-on-Sea, the smart little
Eesex cummer resort, recently I had
rood luck to meet and visit an un
•'commenly Interesting literary couple
who make their home there — the Coul
son Kernahans. Kernahan himself is
too well known in the United States to
red any Introduction to American
readers. He produced that weird study,
"A Dead Man's Diary"; "God and the
Ant," which has been translated into
eight languages, including Chinese, and
'The Child, the Wise Man and the
Devil," of which 250,000 copies have
.been sold. "Scoundrels & Co." was one
of Kernahan's last books. Incidentally,
he is literary adviser to one of the best
known of London publishers. Mrs. Ker
nahan's work is, I fancy, less well
known in the United States, but she
has half a dozen novels to her credit,
among them '"The House of Rlmmon"
and ""Frank Redland, Recruit," and an
other coming out in the falL
"Thrums" is the name which the Ker
taahans have bestowed upon their cot
tage—a typical English one, half-hid
den by ivy — and it Is one of the most
interesting abodes it ever has been my
•iot to enter. The drawing-room is lit
erally crowded with souvenirs of dis
tinguished folk, which in almost every
case have been presented by the cele
brities themselves. For instance, there
are the original sketches of famous
paintings by English artists, Rossetti
among them; signed photographs of
notable men in every walk of life, and
.what must be one of the most remark
able collections In this country of auto
graphed books. I hesitate to say how
many shelves they fill, but practically
every living English author is repre
sented, and in most cases the inscrip
tions on the flyleaf gives me the idea
that the writer and Kernahan are on
unusually friendly terms. Here are vol
umes from Meredith, Swinburne,
Watts-Dunton, J. M. Barrie, J. K. Je
rome, Max Pemberton, several from
Marie Corelli inscribed In her own
hand. Hall Caine, H. G. Wells, Robert
Ran and Barry Pain, to name only a
few that come first to mind. •
EpeclaJ Cerretpcndeae*.
London Literary Gossip.
the weather without an overcoat, tad,
thereupon, he told her the story of bi§
recent deal. Then he sauntered ca to 4
the store and purchased another ceat
like the first for fifteen dollars.
"You don't know your buiinew," b*
said to the tailor, as ho related tht calo
of the first garment; "yon*r« ielHiyj
these coats too cheap***
"I think you'd maka a bettar trade**
man than politician," said th» tailor la
reply.
But the grizzled old wialdtr of t&i
nation's gavel did not see tha Jck» un
til, some time later, his daughter told
him the secret. — Success.
"I employed a Japanese servant for
a number of years. He went back
home, but before leaving ho sent me
a fellow countryman to take his place.
The newcomer was a good servant,
but very independent and saucy and
he was not in the house a month
when I had trouble with him. I stood
it for about two weeks more and then
gave him a little more than •was com
ing to him and discharged him. He
went to pack his duds, as I supposed,
and I left the house. About noon I
received a phone from my wife ask
ing me to come home; that Yati,
as we called him, was In the house
and refused to leave. He was so Im
pertinent, she said, that she was afraid
of him. :
"Well, I -went home, grabbed that
little .brown man, escorted him down
the stairs, and, hitting him a tap on
the cheek, told him if he did not keep
away I would make mincemeat of
him. He started down the street,
talking to himself, and I thought I
had seen the last of him. But I was
greatly mistaken.
"He was at the house when I came
home for dinner. I repeated the noon
time performance, varying it a little
by giving him a kick instead of a slap.
Even this was not enough, for the
rascal sneaked into his room in the
basement that night and the next
morning frightened the life out of my
wife by appearing as he usually did.
She screamed and called me, and what
I did not do to that Japanese in the
way of a good beating is not worth
mentioning. He gave me a merry
fight, though, and never quit strug
gling until I packed him out in the
street and dropped him on the pave
ment. The last I saw of him he was
going down the street with a big po
liceman, whom. I had summoned and
directed to give the Japanese a good
scare."
"It the Japanese army gives the
Czar as much trouble as one little
brown man gave me a few weeks
ago," said a well-known lawyer .a few
days ago, "the Russians will have a
merry time of It.
The Persevering Jap.
Knighthoods had been liberally
doled out, and Caine couldn't under
stand why he failed to get one.— Julius
Chambers, in Harper's Weekly. "
matter-of-fact explanation."
When the King and Queen recently
visited the Isle of Man. Hall Caine was
asked to drive with them in order/ to
point out the objects of interest. He
appeared to think that the only* people
of the island were the characters in
his novels and reg-aled their Ma
jesties with something: like this:
"There is the exact spot at which
Glory Quayle is first introduced to the
reader!" Again, "Donald MacSheaf
passed through that gateway as he en
countered the trusty laird from-Doug
las." And at another place, "Here the
blacksmith shod the landlord's horse
In The Manxman.' Thus the cicer
one continued for two mortal hours.
Their Majesties were dreadfully
bored. King Edward asked to be
driven back to town and abandoned
sightseeing:. When Caine stepped from
the carriage he dropped upon one
knee.
"Rise, Mr. Caine!" commanded his
Majesty, according to the story.
The author got on his feet, much
chagrined. He had confidently ex
pected, it is said at Dougrlastown. to
hear words that would create him a
knight, "Rise, Sir Hall!"
I certainly did,* was my reply.
" 'And did you see how these people
make way for me as I so away?'
" "Assuredly."
" 'They think it is -I ' was the calm.
Stories about Hall Caine, the Manx
author, always show Interesting phases
of his personality. The last time I saw
Sir Gilbert Parker he said:
"I was hurrying along the boulevard
in Paris one day when my progress was
arrested by a dense crowd In front of
an art shop. Evidently, thought I, there
Is an extraordinary picture on exhibi
tion. The canvas was a remarkable
idealization of the Savior— a thin,
strongly Hebraic face, with closely
cropped red hair and beard.
"Suddenly the crowd parted to admit
a man who approached with bowed
head. It was Hall Caine! He stood be
fore the portrait with folded arms,
gravely studying the face arid pose of
the figure on the canvas. The similar
ity of the portrait to the man standing
before it -was very striking.'
"Caine turned to go, but seeing me
came to my side.
" 'I say, did you notice how the
crowd parted to admit me?' asked
Caine.
The Modest Manxman.
In Parisian literary circles they are
telling a new story about Eugene Sue
and the queer ,way In which he used
to bargain over his serial rights. His
"Mysteries of Paris" had Just appear
ed and Sue was the man of the mo
ment. To him went the editor of the
Constltutlonnel, then one of the lead
ing: French papers, for the purpose of
securing the rights as a serial of what
ever new work he had In hand. "I
shall want $20,000 for It," replied Sue.
"payable to-day." The editor Bald ho
was willing to pay It and produced his
check book. "Hold on!" cried Sue,
"there is one condition. I understand
that you have the smartest carriage
and pair in Paris. I stipulate that you
shall send them every day to my house
to bring me my proofs and fetch my
copy." Though the request was rather
an odd one, the editor agreed to it, and
as the work which he thus obtained
•was "The "Wandering Jew" he proba
bly never repented of his bargain.
HAYDEN CHURCH.
In France they are touchy and a
writer can't be too careful about nam
ing his characters. Not long ago Rene
Bubreuil, a popular romancer, pub
lished a- book wfcich contained. a char
acter named Bishop Volatile. VolaJlle,
of course, means fowl, ajid now the
novelist is being sued for damages by
Bishop Capon of Nice, who declares
that this Is an allusion to him. ,
• • • • •
and orator. Curran, -who was a' man
of Eonie wealth and much dignity, had
a good-for-nothing brother. Time after
time he had helped him financially, but
at last, his patience exhausted, the
lawyer declared that not another sou
would the spendthrift get out of him.
Whereupon the scamp, who might for
the moment have been Eugene Field,
set up a wretched little cobbler's stall
in«E!y Place, Just across from the ad
vocate's residence, and put up a sign
over it disclosing his relationship. It
ended in the lawyer's giving way and
begging his brother to take himself
and bis stall away at* any price.
THE "meeting of livestock men in Denver for consul
tation with the Secretary of Agriculture has re
newed an issue which will not down until it is set
tled right. The decline of "the. stock range on the public
domain has engaged the attention of the meat, hide and
wool interests for many years. The use of the range in
common has renewed in this country the experience of
Australia, where the livestock industry was nearly exter
minated by use of the range in common, and a leasing
tystem was adopted which has restored the range indus
try. Texas underwent the same experience and adopted
the same remedy, and now is the leading livestock State
of the Union, because leasehold control has restored the
carrying capacity of the range.
Moved upon by these object lessons, the livestock men
of the West took up the question and sought a similar
solution. They framed bills which were offered to an
unsympathetic Congress without result. The theorists
of the country, who had never seen the Western range,
had a theory that it is all adapted to the same tillage as
the prairies of Iowa and Illinois, and that the "cattle
barons" were attempting to gobble it in order to prevent
its use by the people for homes. As the theorists would
not come and look at the country, and refused to believe
the reports of those who knew the actual conditions, it
was easy to. call the leasing proposition a. "land grab,"
and induce the non-action of Congress.'
The livestock men encountered also the stolid opposi
tion of the Interior Department. It proved impossible
to convince that department that after all the land pos
sible of irrigation has been reserved for that use, and
after all that can be tilled by partial irrigation or none
has been taken out, there^, will remain several hundred
million acres of land that has not and cannot have any
other use than grazing. This range in a natural state
produced abundant forage plants, such as buffalo, bunch,
and gramma grass, legumes and ribbon grass, burr clo
ver and alfileria. If not overstocked these plants renew
themselves annually. If overstocked they disappear and
the land becomes desert again.
The Agricultural Department took up the expert ex
amination of the range plants. Its trained agrostologists
examined the range from New Mexico to Mon
tana and made truthful reports, which were pub
lished for the information of Congress. But these made
no impression upon the theorists. The destruction of
the range has gone on. The war for possession of its
declining forage has grown more titter. The Federal
reservations have cut out the summer range in the
mountains and our grazing industry is being driven to
exile in Canada and Mexico.
But our livestock men do not all intend to be ex
patriated without a struggle. They intend making one
more effort to convince the Government that four hun
dred million acres of range is worth conservation and
renewal. Hence this meeting at Denver, presided over
by Conrad one of the pioneer rangers of the
West, a man of high intelligence and great energy. The
Secretary of Agriculture was present. He is a Western
man and has personally inspected the ranges, as have
the experts of his department. In the meeting were <
Western Senators, members of Congress and Governors.
The discussion was full and practical. The sentiment of
the convention was .expressed in its resolutions. These
ask that the Federal forest reserves be put in charge of
the Agricultural Department and that the same depart
ment be authorized by law to proceed to classify the
lands on the public domain, segregating the range lands
proper, which can serve no other use, and that these
lands be leased under control of the Agricultural De
partment.
The proposed transfer of control from the Interior
Department to that of Agriculture has every merit and
no'demerit. The most of the business of the Interior
Department is in taking care of the unsold public do
main. When that domain passes to the control and use
of the people, as it should, that function of the Interior
Department ceases. Hence for years we have had every
possible obstruction put in the way of the use by the
people of the natural resources of the West by the In
terior Department. So tense has the situation become
that a citizen desirous of acquiring public land has come
to be treated as a potential criminal, whose laudable de
sire is evidence of evil motives.
Ori the other "hand, the Department of Agriculture is
concerned in promoting the productivity of the land in
private ownership or control. The head of that depart
ment is always a practical man, in sympathy with the
soil and those who' till or graze it. The Secretary of
Agriculture believes that every acre should be put to its
noblest use and that its capacity for such use should be
promoted. In his hands the ranges will have their ca
pacity restored and the good days of our range industry
will come again.
The Denver meeting was highly useful and may well
be the initiation of a wiser policy that will stop the de
struction . of the rangr and arrest the exiling of our
livestock interest to Canada dnd Mexico.
THE RANGE LANDS.
and providing means for distributing water on acres that
arc arid. The building of levees is considered only a
temporary expedient. The hope of the movers for per
manent benefit rests on the prospect of united action
among the prosent owners of the lake bed.
Tulare Lake^was eighty-seven feet below the point on
the Kings River at which water is taken out to irrigate
about the old lake bed. An organization has been effect
ed to be known as the Tulare Lake Reclamation and Ir
rigation Association. This much progress has been
made and more is expected. Seven hundred thousand
acres, if made agriculturally productive, will add largely
to the wealth and resources of Kings- County.
The Hanford Journal reports that much interest is
manifested in a proposition to have the United States
Government reclaim the land under the arid land law.
The alternative is that the people shall, by concerted ac
tion and the use of their own money, effect what is
found to be necessary. Engineers will be employed to
consider the projected work from the expert point of
view.
It reads something like a : romance that the land
about. a lake that was navigated by some living Cali
fornia pioneers has so completely changed its environ
ment that irrigation is necessary to sustain crops. Like
all lake^ bottoms washed by waters that are not laden
with chemicals detrimental to vegetation, the hollow that
marks Tulare's former- site is very rich. With the super
inducing climate of Kings County added it will prove
very productive, the necessary water being provided un
der control as a requisite.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST .7. 190 J.
THE S AJNT FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor ...... ./. . Address Alt Commmiicatioas to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
l>ublicatlon Ofllcc .... ......... .Third and Blarket Streets. & f7
SUNDAY ..... ....... ..I...........;......, ............AUGUST 7. 1904
30
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESLAPIQUE SUES — John Laptque. as his own
lawyer, began suit against M. Hoffman for
(3000 on an assigned claim from Henry Voll.
who, it is said, lent Hoffman the amount In
question. Lapique Is the meat packer who
recently b»san a suit for $730,000 damages
anainst Ab« Reaf and forty-on» others for
malicious prosecution, alleging that they had
kept i htm In Jail and the lnsana asylum tor
most o£ the last seventeen years.
PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 6.-— Clara
Nicholas, a young waitress, whose
spinal cord was pierced by a bullet
fired by a jealous sweetheart as she
was leaving her place of employment
in January, 1901, and who it was
believed would be a helpless cripple
as the result of her injury, has shown
such wonderful improvement recently
that it Is believed that in a short time
she will have recovered completely.
Waitress Whoso Spinal Cord Was
»» Pierced by a Bullet Shows
. Great Improvement. 1 .
EXPECTED TO RECOVER,
DESPITE SERIOUS WOUND
The Supreme Court has decided that
John Myring must suffer punishment
for burning a bridge near Pullens
Mill, Mendocino County, June 12,
1902. The defendant Is a wealthy
landowner. He claimed that the
bridge was on his property and burned
it without appealing to the courts to
have it removed. The court holds that
the bridge • was on a public highway
and the Judgment of the lower court is
sustained.
-Myrins 31ust Be Punished.
PRISONERS ARE SEXTEXCED— Alexan
der Wheatley. who pleaded snilty to a charjfe
of robbery, wan sentenced by Judye Dunne
yesterday to eerve four yeers in San Quenttn
He held up and robbed William Syke? of $?i
on May 10. John Gibbons, John Coffey and
Henry Valley, convicted of burelanr for
breaking Into the premise* of Keneii &
Brother, soap manufscturers, 2712 Armv
•treet, on April 29 and stealing: two boxes of
soap, were each sentenced to serve fifteen
months la San Quentln.
. It was stated by the bank officials
yesterday that young Clark's notes for
$25,000 were given at the time of the
purchase of the Hobart residence.
When they recently became due Clark
was notified by the bank, but, accord
ing to the statement of President Al
vord, the young man seemingly, ig
nored the matter and the bank finally
filed a suit for an attachment. In ex
plaining Clark's neglect in paying the
notes one of his friends said yesterday
that it. was a bit of carelessness due
mainly to the fact that his attention
was deeply absorbed In his prepara
tions for his coming marriage.
The financial troubles existing be
tween Charles W. Clark and the Bank
of California growing out of his fail
ure to meet a $25,000 obligation and
which resulted In an attachment be
ing levied on his country home in San
Mateo on the eve of his marriage,
were amicably settled yesterday.
Shortly after the doors of the bank
opened yesterday morning Joseph S.
Tobin, brother-in-law of Clark and
attorney for the Hibernia Sayings and
Loan Society, had a conference with
President Alvord of the Bank of Cal
ifornia and agreed on behalf of Clark
to pay the latter's notes to-morrow,
when the attachment will be released.
Joseph S. Tobln Acts as His Agent In
a Settlement With the Bank
of California.
CLARK WILIj TAKE DP-*
HIS XOTES OX MONDAY
CHICAGO. Aug. 6. — Henry Koch, a
house painter, lost his life to-day in
trying to save the life of Policeman
Daniel O'Brien, who also risked his
life to save imperiled men. After
seven laborers had been overcome by
gas in an excavation at Eighteenth
street and Armour- avenue Policeman
O'Brien went into the pit and fastened
ropes about their bodies, j All were
lifted to the surface, but when the
last man had been taken out the po
liceman lay unconscious in the hole.
It was then that Koch went in and at
tached a rope to the policeman's body
O'Brien was rescued, but Koch fell
unconscious and though Patrick King
and Henry Thompson, firemen, bravely
went into the hole and brought up his
body, he was beyond resuscitation.
Rescue Brave tracer From
Death.
Painter DIeg Wliilo Endeavoring to
TRIES TO SAVE IMPERILED
3IAN AND LOSES HIS LIFE
: Bishpp M. C. Harris. Bishop-elect
for Japan and Korea, will address the
ma^s-meeting for men at the Young
Men's. • Christian Association audi
torium. Mason and Ellis streets, this
~ Et M? r ,!L oon at 3 o<c l<>ek. The subject
£ *£' * Are Ji he Tou "K Men of Japan
.fighting- a Righteous Battle?" This
• Sen-ices in the West Side Christian
Church «m Bush street, between Scott
»nSr Devisau>ro, will be held in the
"morning at 11 o'clock. A sermon by
Ji*v. W. F. Stafford, on "Life Im
inprtal,"'will be delivered. A musical
will be given in the evening.
'• M At the Fourth Congregational
t-.nurch. on Green street, near Stock
ton. Rev. L. E. Walz will occupy the
pulpit* "At morning and evening ser-
. Ber.\ F. A. Keast of the Epworth
"•Methodist Episcopal Church, at the
corner. Of Twenty-sixth and Church
>treets,' will address the congregation
•this evening at 7:45 on the subject of
."Who -is' resr>onsible for the whole
sale destruction of our boys and girls
Vhrough the circulation of obsence
¦ literature and pictures in San Fran
t :sco ?" . .
-.- Tn<? Feast of the Assumption, to
<iik<j place August 15, is the patronal
/t^iEt.cf tit. Mary's Cathedral. As a
beginning: to the celebration of the
ttfkl a solemn novena will be held
from this morning, commencing at 11
o'clock 'until Monday evening, August
J5. Mass will be daily at 6, 7 and 9
c/clock; vesper service in the evening
;tt ,$' o'clock. At vespers Archbishop
Montgomery, Rev. Dr. Maguire of the
Catholic University, Washington, D.
J-\. aji4 ©ther prominent priests will
treat of some of the vital questions of
rellgicc, including that of faith and
sc?e6c«.
Vrt'fMiration for the Patronal Feast of
'• Sti 'Mary's Cathodral Begins There
Tliis Morning.
SERVICES HELD TO-DAY
. .• ' IN TILE CITY CHURCHES
Rev. E. Icelander will 'preach In
the First English Lutheran Church,
Geary street, near Gough, in the
morning on "The Spice Merchants"
and in the evening on "Singing as We
Journey." ?
Rev. Jay William Hudson will
preach in the Second "Unitarian
Church, corner of Twentieth and Capp
streets, at 11 a. m. on "Religious San
ity and Insanity." -
will be the last appearance of the
Bishop before the association young
men previous to hia departure for the
Orient. . .
"Pursuant to this decision each sub
scriber received at his last known ad
dress a check for one-half of his sub
scription. As a few subscribers had
left no address I published through
the press a notice asking all those who
had subscribed to the Martinique fund
to call at the Italian-American Bank
and receive one-half of their subscrip
tions'. In this way I succeeded in re
funding $1780 12.
"There still remained in my hands
$103 40 uncalled for, which the com
mittee has agreed to donate .to the
Little Cripples' fund and a check for
that amount has this day been handed
to the officers of that fund. Respect
fully. A. SBARBORO.
"Treasurer National Martinique and
West Indian Islands Relief Fund."
Andrea Sbarbofo, treasurer of the
Martinique and West Indian relief
fund, has addressed a letter to The
Call regarding the disposal of a sum
of money remaining in his hands after
returning many subscriptions. The
letter is as follows:
"Editor of The Call — Last year at
the request of President Roosevelt a
subscription was made in this city in
favor of the national Martinique and
West Indian Islands relief fund; for
which $3767 05 was soon collected and
forwarded to the treasurer, Cornelius
N. Bliss, New York. In December last
there was refunded $1883 52, being
one-half, of the subscription, which
portion was not required for use in
the afflicted island.
"The committee, composed of Mayor
E. E. Schmitz, Henry T. Scott and A.
Sbarboro, met at the Mayor's office
for the purpose, of deciding what dis
position to make of the money re
funded and it was there decided that
the money should be refunded pro
lata to the subscribers to the fund.
Balance I/eft After Paying Back Many
Subscriptions Is Turned Over
to a Xoble Charity.
FERSOXAI;.
Dr. F. C. Sanders of Hongkong Is at
the Occidental. .
Dr. J. J. Jones of Wilmington, Del.,
Is at the Palace.
Dr. F. S. Gould of Santa Barbara is
at the St. Francis.
Judge A. G. Burnett, of Santa Rosa
was in the city yesterday. . •"¦
Edward R. Smith, the Los Angeles
horseman, is at the Grand.
A. F. Leuning, a brewer of Mil
waukee, and his wife are at the St.
Francis.
Dr. George M. Bradfield, surgeon of
the steamship Mariposa, is at the Oc
cidental.
E. B. Rich and wife of Pacific
Grove, who are on their way to St.
Louis, registered at the Grand yester
day.
Rev. George "W. White, pastor of
the Central Methodist Episcopal
Church, lias just returned from a va
cation trip through the Yellowstone
Park.
M. Matsudaira, vice president of the
Japanese commission to the St. Louis
Exposition; H. Yamawaki, a commis
sioner, and J. Haraka, official inter
preter of the commission, arrived here
yesterday from the East and are at
the St. Francis. They will go to Port
land, arid; returning here later, will
visit Southern California.
"Why don't you give him two years
he deserves every minute of it?" in
quired the wife.
"Maybe he does," said his Honor,
"but I cannot exceed the puoishing
MARTINIQUE FUND
GIVEN TO CRIPPLES
Whitelock said nothing, and Judge
Cabaniss sentenced him to thirty days'
imprisonment.
"You are of no use to me," said Mrs.
George Whitelock to her husband, an
ironworker, "for you never have sup
ported your six children, and I hope the
Judge will sock It to you good and
hard."
Charles Spohn of 503 California street
admitted that on the night of July 3 he
struck his wife, Laura, with a clenched
first, but he denied that the blow was
either unprovoked or. forcibly delivered.
While it was not exactly a love tap,
neither was it such a punch as he could
send home if trying for a knockout.
Laura was both intoxicated and- de
fiant, he said, when she returned home
after midnight, and when he courteous
ly asked for enlightenment as to her
rtcent whereabouts she viciously at
tacked him with a hatpin. As she had
him cornered and he did not desire to
have his person punctured, he swung
a light blow to her head. Blood was
not drawn nor was she physically dam
aged by the thump.
If the symptoms of amazement dis
played by Mrs. Spohn during her hus
band's recital were not genuine she
proved herself an excellent actress. She
gasped and shook her head until a
blonde coiffure became sidly disar
ranged, and occasionally she clutched
her ears as if to ascertain if they were
not deceiving her. Then she looked at
Police Judge Conlan with an expression
Indicating the pity she felt that he
should be compelled to sit there and
listen to such frightful prevarication.
It was only the rat-a-tat of the bailiff's
gavel outnoising Mrs. Spohn's tongue
that made her denunciation unintelligi
ble. When silence was restored the hus
band tried to say something in rebut
tal, but she talked as rapidly and as
loudly as he did, and the Judge finally
quelled the duet by continuing the case
till to-morrow.
Dr. Solomon Charles Mlsh is
charged before Judge .Conlan with
having performed a criminal opera
tion on Miss Edna Sampson, recently
from Stockton and now residing at
2700 Bush street. He is held in $3000
bail for trial next Wednesday. The
girl is reported to be In a precarious
condition.
Judge Cabaniss dismissed the
charge of obtaining money under false
pretense which Mrs. Sarah Johnson
had entered against James F. Young.
A grand larceny charge by the same
complainant Is pending against Young.
¦ L. L. Rea, a native of France,
cheerfully paid the ?5 which Judge
Cabaniss fined him for having struck
A. Pradelg a violent blow upon the left
eyebrow.
"Pay ze five?" exclaimed Monsieur
Rea, excitedly -passing to the clerk a
golden coin of the denomination men
tioned. "Here is ze five, and I'd pay
ze five more for ze plaisaire of plug
ging heem in ze ozzer eyebrow. Take
ze monee."
A. Bernardini, fisherman, residing
at 503 Broadway, said he would will
ingly go to jail -if his wife, Paulina,
who had him arrested for battery,
felt that she could afford to prosecute
him. To his evident surprise Paulina
promptly called his bluff by declaring
that she would rather see him in jail
than at liberty and expressed a hope
that Judge Cabaniss would remember
her preference when the sentence was
handed out.- To this the Judge re
sponded that it refreshed him to deal
with a complainant of Mrs. Bernar
dini's fortitude, which he would re
ward by sending Bernardini to prison
for thirty days. '
Charles Montgomery, philanthropist,
drew another blank in the person \ of
Jonathan Moeller, ex-convict, who stole
$1 50 worth of groceries from the insti
tution at 227 .Second street in which
Montgomery harbors discharged prison
ers who profess desire to return to hon
est living/ Judge Conlan pronounced
the irigrate guilty of petty larceny and
will sentence him to-morrow.
power of a Police Judge."
"But just think of it— six children on
my hands." . • :
"I'm not responsible for that,
Madam," said the Judge.
Clerk Cohlan laughed outright, while
Bailiff /Welsh merely tittered. , ..
Charles Spohn Swears That It Was a Light Blow
. He Delivered to His Better Half, and She Tes
tifies It Loosened Teeth and Made Her Sick
Among the speakers yesterday were
C. E. Talmadge, president of the Mis
sion Improvement Club; Supervisor
Fred Bent, A. P. Van Duzer, A. B.
Maguire, George Walcom, Daniel Kel
ly and D. R. McNeil. The committee
of arrangements consisted of E. Fried,
W. E. .Dubois, A. S. Lillie, C. E. Tal
made, ' James . A. ' Cotter, George
Uuundley.and D. Barry.
With the explosion of fireworks,
blare of band and considerable ora
tory, the corner-stone of the new Mis
sion Theater at Twenty-second and
Mission streets, was laid yesterday af
ternoon. Fully* a thousand persons,
mostly women and children, were
present. The corner-stone was laid
I under the auspices of the Federation
of Mission Improvement Clubs. The
•speakers dwelt mostly upon the. rapid
growth of the Mission and pointed to
the building of a theater in one of its
most populous centers as evidence
that the people who have money to
invest have conlldence in the district.
¦ The new theater has a frontage of
sixty feet on Mission street and a
depth of 120 feet. The architecture is
of the old mission style and the front
Is about forty-five feet in height. Th'e
building is fireproof throughout and
the, stage .will be equipped -with the
; most modern apparatus, so that either
vaudeville shows may be run or a
stock, company installed. The theater
j will be opened on October 15 under
the management of E. Fried, but no
; attractions have as yet been booked.
Misslonites Witness Ceremony Whilo
the Band Plays and a -Fireworks ..-;__
Display Is Given.
HUSBAND AND WIFE DO NOT TELL
SAME STORY AS TO THEIR FIGHT
.CORNER-STONE OF NEW - ; " -
¦*; THEATER PUT -IN PLACE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST -7, 1904.
31
..EARLY IMPORTATION..
Nev/ Fall. Dress Goods
Will be placed on sale Monday, Aug. 8, '
and includes the following special values:
New Mixed Suitings
In stylish and unusually effective color-' CH/y
ings. ' 38 inches wide. Per yard <J\J\j
Worsted Suitings
Made from hard twisted yarns, in a va-
riety of popular shades. 45 inches wide, fl CI o
Per yard i Okj
Scotch Effects
Especially attractive in weave and always $ A .00
in good style. 52 inches wide. Per yard X
Silk Barege \
An extremely stylish light weight fab-
ric, suitable for calling dresses. Dress $A f\.5O
pattern .'....' -. . . 1U
LINGERIE DEPARTMENT-SECOND FLOOR
Special Purchase of...
Fine Lace Waists $ q .75
Worth $20.00. Offered at. O =
Special Purchase of...
Fine Silk Waists $ a .50
Worth $13.50. Offered at .T™
OBJENTAL RUGS— THIRD FLOOR.
g oeooo °oo©eoooooeooQ3<j8«c©o©o©0oae©0©oe©©o*<
I NEW STYLES
O IN CREAT VARIETY AT
I WHOLESALE PfflCES
J . Handsome Tailor Suits pf rich material, first-
| class workmanship, perfect in every detail.
• $20.00 New Style Suits, Wholesale Price . . $15.00
S $25.00 New Style Suits, Wholesale Price . . $17.50
8. $32.50 New Style Suits, Wholesale Price . . $25.00
o $ 8.00 New Style Jackets/Wholesale Price $6.50
J • $10.00 New Style Jackets, Wholesale Price $7.50
S $15.00 New Style Jackets, Wholesale Price $10.00
J; m^^ Wholesale Manufacturers.
J" *'".. r .i0f%; 1140-1142 Market Street
If there ever was, there is certainly-
.', , , no longer any doubts as t»o the
¦ gemdneness of" Kphler <&, Ghase .- ._'- .^^^^^^^p
/"Everybody makes mistakes. We made a mistake in judging trade of this summer, and placed orders for altogether too
many pianos, but our orders were bona-fide and nothing remained for us to do but receive the goods and dispose of them at once.
Even with our big retail and wholesale stores in San Francisco, and our Oakland store near at hand, we are unable to accommo-
date more than half the pianos ordered. Sale was inaugurated and continued all last week, and while there were from four to
twelve pianos sold every day, no more than an impression has been made on this big overstock.
• W^^o««I«.» 1&J?^«*aJ^« w /T*^!B^**** Can choose from over 250 Pianos f
It Afty MOIUl&y i^&lierS tMy Half of Them Are Now « [
Do you know of anything in the way of a piano better than the N T cw England Piano, in Circassian walnut case, large size, full scale
KNABE, FISCHER. HOBART M." CABLE. KOHLER' & CHASE, -d in splendid shape S200
BEHNING, BLASIUS, KURTZMANN., SMITH & NIXON. NEW- fp£lell?2^^
TON, SCHILLER, BREWSTER, HOFFMANN? Every one of these A. B. Chase Piano, in light oak case, standard size, in splendid condl-
. „ ,, . . ,. , A , • tion; a rare bargain i ....$2S0
pianos will be found on our floors Monday morning. Many of them „ .
* • .i-ii. Flne Clough & Warren Piano, in a dark mahogany case, just out of
are sample styles, some of them, a re styics, deepped from catalog, others . shops SI So
are makes not of our regular stock, but they are absolutely new — Keller & Co." Piano, used short while; medium size, in good shape S173
have never been sold, have never been rented, are not even stock worn. Hobart JJ-^^^^Yo^e. 8 . 1 ??'.
In this stock are also fully one hundred bargains in used pianos, Oak caBe Mason & Hamlin Piano, medium size, full scale, splendid t
also good square pianos.' ' ' \ value; sells new from $450 and up S3OO
Robert Fay Piano^ In walnut case, large size and In good repair SI 75 '
'. — ; I Fancy mahogany case Albrecht Piano, in good order, will do years of
«/\l!X^0SO \J?rSanS AWUy linrnitUM Pretty mahogany case, standard size, full scale <T> I f\ f\ P
•^ *-* " ¦ II If! I 111 A Nil three P e dals. Style dropped from cataJosUe. vj) I y U H
That's about what it amounts to with such makes as Mason & r r ftnilrn Bm ? d ne^ P^° 4 - - . - - - |
Hamlin, Dominion, A. B. Chase, Kimball and others with prices more FISCHER n&^K«^5^S toe S^2/M^?S? $ I 3 0 |
than cut in two. ¦¦ 11/rnO 0 OAlin Fine ebony case. 7 1-3 octave "Pian<\ (t\ I O r- frl
Organs in walnut and oak, single and double extension tops, also IftllU **» I UliU Been recently thoroughly overhauled in vj) I D O S
chapel styics. Organs with or without mirrors. our slTOps - Excellent bargain ...•-;;
$8 5 'Organ, parlor style, walnut case. •''''¦ lin MASON & HAMLIN $270 1
$125 Organ, scmi-chaoel, walnut case ... '......... 970 mnuun ww iinuiwin standard size and fn good condition H
$8t Organ, satinwood case •..? '•••• ;..J?35 I/J1LII CD 0 OLHOC Piano came to us in. exchange for (TJO/I O '%'
&S Organ, fine oak case \ $85 KOHLER & GHASE Ai^^jgtrn^t.^ $240
$50 Organ,..walnut case.5 octaves : ?2O [l/CpOnfJ Absolutely new piano, discontinued from stock. CD I O A
$65 Organ, walnut case, 5 octaves *-•* imiluUll American walnut cas^good action and tone I v
$40 Organ, walnut case, 5 octaves ....$15 |fI|DT7MANN Brand new. 1903 style. Elegant little Piano. <£OQ^
7 . . ; : ' Ml fl I L IflH X% \\ rich mahogany case, neat design y *^. 4^- ** *-*
'.''''' • '¦ $375 Crown Piano, in American walnut case, standard size Piano and In
_ I good condition SI 75
¦ .? TTcQfl PlOTlftlJIQ American walnut case. Kimball Piano; looks like new, used only short .
-••. UOCU JL ld,lIV»lCI.O«»« while; regular $300 style $19O
/TiA nr , rtJiOCT C*C%f\f\ CDOOK Felix Kramer Piano, in walnut case;. standard size, in good Order. 5230
<P1UD, 3>*OD, tpZUU, <P&£jD pattern cut to $175
. v » : ¦'xi.- - ri'- t <%| Genuine Fischer Piano, Just been reflnlshed, like new $285 S
The expression to be obtained by a proper manipulation of the Standard size Piano, rosewood case, seven octaves, newly rcflniahed. . .S175
Pianola cannot be equaled on any other instrument of like character. Large size, walnut case Piano, full scale. Just out of shops, in good con- _ ;
The saving of effort required in its operation is represented in no • dltlon • • ••• ••••• ••• ••• ••••• • ••••• ••• ••¦ SISo ;
11IC tt . _, _. , IJk ., , . ., ¦, ' Fancy rosewood case. S. G. Chiekering Piano, large size, in thorough re-
bthcr player at any price. The Pianola sells regularly throughout pair :..... $i>7O
tlie world for $250 and upward. • ¦» ¦ Rosewood case. New England make piano, medium size,' in good condl-
.¦¦'¦¦ ¦ ¦ - - ¦ ' tion; good value at $250 5150 !
H^SSSMSf" 'x^S^II^C f or Post and Kearnv Sis I
¦ • . iDTEETIEEMEHTB.
What the Great Band-
Puss Says:
' : . . New York, July 11th. 19O4. !
. rfind ED. PINAUD'S EAU-DE-QUININE a J
Wonderful Hair Tonic, refreshing and invigora- ;
ting to- the extreme. !
Who has not heard of Dass! Not to know him is to argue yourself
unknown, or the famous Sara Bernhardt, Emma Calve, Anna Held, !
Marie Cehill, Raymond Hitchcock, Jas. T. Powers, Thos. Q. Seabrooke, I
Willie Collier? ;
We are producing testimonials of the most decided character from all J
of th« above FAMOUS CELEBRITIES. Watch our advertisements,
and you will read their testimonials from day to day. . ,,
Why? Because the name. Ed. Pinaud, stands for all that is the very ',
highest degree of perfection in Hair Tonic preparations or perfumes. !
T-he. atove famous characters use nothing but the best. Therefore use
only Ed. Pinaud's Hair Tonic. YOU NEED IT NOW.
In this hat-wearine age every one needs it — it will not in some '
.cases put hair on a bald head — but it prevents the hair from falling out. !
It is also a positive cure for dandruff. ;
"Will you let us give vou a bottle free? Yes? ;
Send us you name — 8c in stamps to pay postage — we will su~-' you '
with a sample bottle absolutely free of charge, also bottle of our latest
creation in perfume. Afterwards buy of your regular dealer. !
Address: ED PINAUD-Ed. I \ We tbe manufaCw I j
Pmaud Building 5th Avc. turers la ihe worId of high
jmd 14th SL N. Y. TO avoid grade perfumes. Our name is \
imitations, SCC that the name a guarantee of highest quality.
Ed. Pinaud m full is on the -Perfumerjc Ed. Pinaud. 18
wrapper. \ Place Vendome, Paris. \HOUSE • SHAKEN BY DYNAMITE— The
home of C. J. Borclln on Mississippi, street,
near Twentieth,' was "wrenched, racked- and
shaken'.' , by a dynamite ¦ explosion on . Decem
ber 23 and he now sues B. Lantry Sons, the
contractors, for $2500 damages. The defend
ants were excavating: In: the lot next to Borg
lln's house and set off a charge of slant pow
der In order to loosen tlie rock.
At the regular meeting of the Park
Commissioners yesterday afternoon a
great amount of routine business was
transacted, but more important mat
ters were laid over until th« i »U meet
ing of the board, as Commissioner
Spreckels is abroad and Commissioner
Sullivan Is not in the city.
The report of Acting Superintendent
Cleary was read. In it he said that all
the work laid out by Superintendent
McLaren had been completed and j he
did not care to take up any new work
until the return of the superintendent,
who Is expected back In about three
weeks. Since McLaren's absence twen
ty men were laid off, as there was
nothing for them to do. His action
was approved. I
The plans and specifications for the
improvement of Dolores street, be
tween Sixteenth and Eighteenth, were
sumbitted by, Mrs. Lovell - White of
the Outdoor Art League. No action
was taken pending the action on pro
posed charter amendments.
A box containing relics of the
steamer Brother Jonathan, which was
wrecked some years ago, was present
ed by D. H. Daniels. The commission
accepted the gift with thanks.
The park gardeners requested that
their wages be Increased from J 2 75
to $3 per day. After some discussion
It was decided to take no action until
a full meeting of the ¦ board can be
held.
The report from the children's play
ground showed the receipts for the
month of, July to be. $3509 45, ex
penses, $1972 90, leaving a surplus of
$1536 55. At the Japanese tea gar
den the receipts were $398 25, the ex
penses $329 46 and the profits $68 69.
The secretary was ordered to notify
the Board of Public Works that the
commission desires sideu-alks laid on
H and Pulton streets, from Stanyan
to the ocean boulevard.
Commissioners Lloyd, Dingee, Alt
mann and Superintendent Cleary, af
ter the adjournment of the meeting,
drove out to Forty-seventh avenue to
consider the feasibility of v making an
entrance to the park at that point.
Acting Superintendent Finds
It Necessary to Tempo
rarily Eeduce the Force
PARK WORKMEN
ARE LAID OFF
Assistant District Attorney Ferral,
who. represented the defendant at his
trial, made an impassioned address in
his behalf. He declared that it would
be judicial murder to send the-defend
ant to the gallows, as he did not fire
the shots at Rice. He asked for time
to prepare a petition to the Governor
to commute the sentence to imprison
ment for life and said that the time
would arrive when the defendant
would receive a free pardon.
Buckley, was asked if he had any
thing to say. He stood up, and, al
though ho seemed deeply affected, he
said In a clear voice: "I can only say,
as my attorneys have said, that I am
innocent. I never fired the shots, but
they were fired by a man I did not
know. As sure as there Is a God
above me I am as : innocent of that
crime as any of the Jurors who found
me guilty. I never Injured that man."
The Judge after passing sentence
read correspondence that had passed
between him and ex-Governor Gage
and Governor Pardee, showing that
the records of the case had been sent
to each : of the Governors, who had
thus been fully advised of everything
that had. transpired.
William Buckley was resentenced
by Judge. Lawlor yesterday to be
hanged at San Quentln on October 1
for the murder of George W. Rice, a
non-union machinist, at Twentieth and
Howard streets on the evening of Oc
tober 11, 1901. Buckley was tried,
convicted and sentenced to be hanged.
A motion for a new trial was denied
and lie appealed to the Supreme
Court, but tha appeal was unsuccess
ful.
A writ of superaedeas will now, it is
said, be applied for to the Supreme
Court on the grounds that the defend
ant was not proceeded against by an
Indictment of the Grand Jury; that
he was not' confronted with the wit
nesses against him and that therefore
the court was without authority to
enforce the Judgment. The objection
was that Erllne Platt's testimony
taken at the preliminary examination
was read to the Jury, as she was un
able to be present at the trial.
j Attorney D. J. Murphy prior to the
passing of sentence said he desired to
make a request oh behalf .of the de
fendant. He declared that the story
first told him by the defendant was
the same as testified to by him as a
witness on the stand. If had im
pressed him with the stamp of truth
fulness. He asked for' delay In- the
execution of the sentence in order that
steps might be taken to save the de
fendant from what he believed un
just punishment.
DEATH PENALTY
IS REIMPOSED
CHXSTESS 13 HELD VP— Ai Luar, *
Chines* duck raiser at Fourth avenue South
and N street, told Pollcemaa r.n^^t^n oa
Friday erenlne that he tad, been held. 09 near
his house by a man who took bis pom from
him. The man had examined th* purs*. h«
said, and finding no cola In It returned It to
Ah Luex. Callaghan arrested John McCar
thy, a butcher, who was Identified by the
Chinese aa the footsad. McCarthy was book
ed at the City Prison eo a charx* *£ assault
to rob.
When yoa want a swell booklet printed •«•
Edward Knowles Co., 24 Second et. *
The board of management of the
San Francisco councils of the Young
Men's Institute will have a celebra
tion at the Chutes on Wednesday even
ing, August 17, in aid of the head
quarters fund. The following com
mittees have charge of the affair: Ar
rangements^ — W. I. Reardon, W. H.
Murphy, J. F. Comyns, P. J. Hagan,
C. G. Willey, P. R. Ward, M. T. Rielly
and A. J. Sullivan; press committee—
T. J. Moroney,- R. D. Blake, E. B.
Thomas. W. O. Patch and H. J. Pink
ham; committee on tickets^ — J. J. Dee
gan, W. J. Riley and J. A. Dunleavy.
Institute Will Celebrate.
The contest over the vacancy in the
Board of Education seems to have
narrowed down to Park Commission
er Atlmann and David J. Oliver Jr.,
with the chances rather favoring Alt
mann, although Oliver's supporters
claim it is an even race. Both men
are highly regarded by the present
members of the board and both have
influential backing. Deputy Health
Officer Levy, who applied for the ap
pointment, learned yesterday that he
is ineligible by two years owing to the
charter requirement that a School Di
rector must be SO years of age. The
Mayor will not make the appointment
until after the primaries.
Candidates for School Director.
SUES FOR DIVIDENDS— LoalM K. Welr
lck yesterday began suit against the Dabney
Oil Company for $1536 alleged to b» due for
dividends unsaid on S00O shares of etock.
Tbe dividends aggregate 31% per cent of the
company's caDltal stock and were declared
during the period from June 8, 1901, to Feb
ruary 15. 1904.
District Attorney Bylngton has de-
J cided to lay the case of Georsre T.
Ballinger before the Grand Jury, Bal
linger was bookkeeper for th© Califor
nia Art Glass Works, 133 Second
street, and was arrested on a charga
of felony .embezzlement „ upon com
plaint of .William Schroeder, presi
dent of the company. He waa held
to answer, 'but waa released on a writ
: of habeas; corpus by Judge Graham.
'An information had been filed against
i him on »' the- same day that the writ
! was applied for and the case was as-
I signed to : Judge Dunne's/court.
A^motlon to dismiss the Information
was In due course made before Judge
Dunne- by Attorneys Barry and Bar
rett for, the defendant, but the Judge
refused to > grant the motion and hint
ed that the proceedings , would not
bear investigation. ,
Yesterday when the case iras again
called Assistant District Attorney
Whiting said he had - Been the wit
nesses in the case and he was satisfied
there was a clear case of embezzle
ment. It waa the intention of the
District Attorney to prosecute the
I case and to present it to the Grand
; Jury. There were other charges on
i which the defendant could be prose
i cuted besides the one In the lnforma
; tion. Whiting asked that the matter
j stand over for a week.
i Attorney Barry said no good result
j could follow the course proposed by
i the District Attorney. . The discharge
i of the defendant on a writ was a bar
to any further proceedings.
"If the facts," said the Judge, "pre
sented at the preliminary examination
! are substantiated the offense of em
j bezzlement was properly charged. I
j think the District Attorney's offlca
j should make a thorough Inquiry as to
j whether there had been anything
I lurking behind the motion for the dis
| charge of the defendant and discover
, upon whom the responsibility- rests.
Personally, I' have at no tima express
ed an opinion as to the guilt or lnno
jcence.of the defendant."
j Barry said he would enter a formal
exception to the language of the court
In regard to the defendant and the
j good faith of himself and Attorney
j Barrett in making the motion. The
i whole matter had been argued in the
! other court and the writ granted. He
objected to any^critlcism of the action
of the other court
"It seems to me," said Judge Dunne,
"that if you are clothed with right
eousness you have nothing to fear
! from an inquiry. The other court can
I take care of itself."
Barry again vigorously protested.
He denied that there had been any In
j tentlon of imposing upon the ' court
j The defendant would stand upon his
S rights and would rely upon the fact
j that he had' been proved Innocent of
i the charge, which fact should entitle
j him to have his rights protected. i
! The Judge said the -unfortunate
I thing was that he was not^ satisfied
the* defendant *was looking for his
rights. The whole proceedings if thor
j oughly analyzed would be a sufficient
: answer to all that counsel had said;
i He would continue the matter for a
j week. Barry again Jook exception to
} the language and manner of the court
and the Judge curtly said, "That is
all."
Colonel Barry Vigorously
Objects to an Imputation
of a Lack of Good Faith
POSTPONED FOE WEEK
District Attorney Informs
Judge Dunne Case Will Be
Taken Before Grand Jury
BALLINGER WILL
BE PROSECUTED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', SUNDAY, AUGUST 7, 1904.
Disimuj. CKjenra psu.es— m. h.
O*Kase« a hackdriver, wte taa a ataad la
front of the Mint, obtained a warrant from
Police Judgs Cahanis* yesterday for the ar
rest of "W. T. Murphy, Joseph Kerr and "John
Doe,*' striking haxkmen. on a chart;* of-dls
tnrblns th« | peace. Ha alleges that the
strikers placed a placard on bis hack oa Fri
day reading;, "This Is & scab'* hack." They
also Interfered with his reins, so that when
he drove off the norses would become en
tangled.
BATTERY ON THE HIGH SEAS— E. L.
Putzar.- first assistant engineer of 'the steam
ehlp Manchuria, waa arrested' yesterday by
United States Marshal Shine ¦ on a . charjre' of
beating and tvoundinj John ' Seavonan on July
It! while the vessel was on the . hish seas.
Putzar waa released on his own recognizance
to: appear, next Friday before United- BtatC3
CommlsEloner ; Heacock tor ¦ examination. * •
B.F.Stoll, dentist; Haight & Masonic av.*
32
¦ ¦ ¦ ISMAB. -y-
Was Advised by Ismar Not to
Sell a Mine That
Proved Rich.
A reporter sat in the corridor of the Ismar. the Eevntian «»«».. c- '-» ,*
»». Itomtf, another Joined .l^SS^SfSUt'liSr.iLS!
1SJ *BF wn d I did, or I would still be a
/s>2E£§& ma £*"* M J-. Stollde is now worth
/8s a Ms&M\ * 9 E w " 5rya u w^asj'js,s
/M a ' H,//tf&S^HK^V-S'-T-T ll P to San Francisco to consult with
/ l>'-'l^f/ }-tyZZ^^*±kh t 1 l he wondci "ful woman— Ismar— to whom
'^^¦^'MJ i'M J Z3fo<6tti£\-- n® owes his present prosperity. He acts
¦JjJs^rl 71? U / on her advlc e and she has never
<*> (f: & : 'JA &$S3&£%¥K r5 Iled yet -*£ h ? • can do M much f or you.
~~*^^MzM&-*&& M V y « U t are thlnkl T n^ of doine anything of
: '/J-f5fiEi& : '-^*hfff Kft importance, see Ismar first. Don't marry
'<:j£W>$W*J£^tir i?*^4 without consulting her in advance. It
¦. yt^y^Ht^^^ 4'1^\ may sav ° you and others years of rais-
// 9 **\ t T7m - If y°« contemplate a trip, call on
/&&%&' 'sSy (f fj l\ r6t ,, She c&n tel1 you whether it
IV'S^Yl ~Jn^tt?/ '1/r^A 'd V- enter business or engage in some entcr-
1 rilL:«Utti^^- -M 'X £ rls £' d f n l e, fa11 t0 eet lier advice be-
/• l^J^^S^VrCprS^-*^^^^ y'f \ ) {? rehs ™<l. She will tell you the truth.
ftWffi&R&f&KZ&^ZZ^' ' £.4 • can depend upon her. Many of tho
I \ WiNMef ¦ t* XW^ — =!irtM^^> il m05t Bucce ssful and prosperous men and
.' \ *%$*¥& «i Vv^^^v " L ' W0In en in California never fail to consult
, !*«.**<. •^'-¦•'^- ... her on everything of importance.
them. The third man. whose name was Know the future. She can tell you>If
Hiram Etollde. was congratulated by SJ? *i" * On ! t J!? esltate ' to <»" <»
W*-st upon the recent remarkable sue- j£r anywhert^ Many o^fa A«, haS "S
.•vll^I r^.M 0^11^ «t Previously pronounced Incurable.' Her
Yes ea!d Stollde, "I came near sell- readings by mail are as successful as
ing that very Property a month before her personal delineations. ThSoues-
we struck the rich ledge that has made tlons answered for $1.00. Pull life Read-
me safe for three meals a day for the ing $5.00. - Send money by Wells-Pareo
balance of my life. It was like this: I or Postofflce. Money Order or by Re^is-
was on the point of giving up— hadn't tered Letter. Address Ismar. 1104 Mar-
struck any prospect worth talking about ket street. San Francisco, CaL Phono
for a njonth, when I had a chance to sell South 1141. Office hours. 10 a. m - to 5
out. Before I did so, however, I came to p. m. WEDNESDAYS. 10 A. M. TO 8 P
£aa irancisco and chanced to call on M. . Sundays, 10 a, m..to 12 v m.
r^irf ADVERTISEMENTS.
Manufacturer's Samples of
l|p Silk Petticoats
||s|s|k The Celebrated Sircom Make
siiitil On Sale To-Morrow
iiilii\ e greatest Petticoat ever
¦^^SlV'^^5 made in America. Genuine rustle
iiliiliilf Swiss taffeta and elegantly made
M^^^mW^. m every particular. Never in our
/Mt^^WSsfo^ history have we had a Petticoat
4$3§flSPJKK^8i^ SaIe of the importance of this one.
Doors will open at 8:30 A. M. to-
"Blrcom" Petticoats—. "Sircom" Petticoatj — "Sircom" Ptttleeata
t«* i—rrMn lot eom«a tot 3— This lot comes In tot a— In Mack aad ool-
Xiot 1— .Tills lot comes *7 ¥ r~ ,„,„_ «_ _. Ae , on. th« cr**tm b*rr*ta la
««i- **. w.Mr -r,/i im . black aad colors. Is made eatlr^ .uxw-
only In black and la a Qf gQQd taffeta. Would fln» Swi.. finished taffiS.
J5.50 petticoat and Is U- retall regularly at J7.50 SScT*M 7«L"%J M «
lustrated above, /*«>» mm and JS.OO. Sale^ . A — the rrcateat p«ttleoau ere»
!?l e .. p . r . 1 ":. e .^.$3J5 »^-*™$4.95 gaSa M-K
Suits, Waists, Skirts New Dress Goods
and Jackets Special Sale Prices to
, _,. . n Introduce the Novelties
Manufacturer's StocK One- EQ^ «___, Wftrtl
,.,,,, -.*+ Dnrfufif Drii>»c 11 oo ° . r * ac T vrmlMtxnt*— Troll
Third Off Regular Prices n no of shades for street or evening
ezsttssrstgssss; 39c
guaranteed lining. The newest styles **" u
and made to lit elegantly. Also some i 85c Black Silk Brilliantlae — Swell
fine black cheviots will be Qm for shirt waist suits.* rich fast black,
shown at same price; worth tHi-l3 jjOJnches wide, an extra heavy. m n
512.50; sale price ¥ " IU firm weave, lustrous silk fln-
isa. per yard ................ «*wv
mixed tweeds; the peatest *J 75 grade that looks and makes (Ann
skirt ever put on. the mar- Jpf./J) up like men's goods, all new $1 (III
ket; sale price fan mixtures. Per yard... V-»» W V
Keady-to-Wear Buits-^ This lot com- 80 ° Collasr* Check Sultlnys— Me-
nrises^ilk. shirt waist suits, and' '""ro slza ch^ks. In black aid white
tailor-made suits; shown In plain and on }J' neat and serviceable for outing
changeable taffetas, also in fancy 2™.« an l, 11 CQ ," d r en L s 8cho01 IZn
weaves. Tailor-made suits are shown ° r * sses U fuU i0 inches wide, ffiQ
in black and navy cheviot. Scotch Per yard
mixtures and in a few mannish ef- All dress goods bought here sponged
fects in navy blue.^ Worth C17 CA and «hrunk free of charge,
from $25 to $27.50 each; \\ I rill
special sale pric .' «?*••«" Great Values In Silks
Tailor-M»d. 8ult«~Come in Scotch new P £tte£s* to ffiw?" Sr^S
tweed effects, black cheviot and JreenTeta AlTo to bSck Z nT white
s^lfstyl^ln 0^ 80 !^ Slr-Mn? s^ijet* tSV "2
!?» 50 -rade- on sile at *' V*W«3U 8 \*** a °d broken plaid effects, to be
$2-50 grade, on sale at. . " eosed out this week. The weaves
India Silk Shirt WMit_W«r« for- . flc 'Sd^xfoo «rd W s a *le ifir
merly $4.25 and $4.50. Khown In whtto prlc*. ner wrf **
or black and of very «ce11*>nt quality. p 7axa .
beautifully trimmed-, with #* /g . Bl»ok T»ff«t» sitt, 83 laches Wida
lace insertion or buttonhoU AZ.Oli H«*tt Quality— This is our cele-
work; special sale price... v-»w brated 85c grade, the greatest taffeta
' _ w « have ever sold at the price. CIS
Every Garment Pitted by Sxvert Tit- Sensational reductions rlanned hUC
ters Absolutely X>r«« «f Oh*nr«. for to-morrow. Per yard V7S *
SHOES
THEGffiSONTIE.
SOROSIS Tan Health Leather
Blucher Oxford; welted sole,
Cuban heel; the very latest
advanced fall style. Sizes 1 to
9, widths AAA-£'<2 f A
toEE. Price... %PO,i)U
The types of footwear with
their varied uses are completely
represented in the SOROSIS
advance fall styles.
Special models and designs
for walking, golf, cycling,
riding, street or evening dress
are included in these varieties.
So that for a uniform price
the entire complement of foot-
wear, from dancing slippers
to riding- boots, can bs pur-
chased.
Finest materials used and
their absolute freshness (a qual-
ity that is most desirable in all
kinds of leather) is guaranteed
by the very largo quantity
continually produced. \
We have also received the
above style in dull • black • calf,
SOROSIS Patent Kid and SO-
ROSIS Vici Kid. <fc -J, ff'/V
Price.......;... ;j)O •J>U
Only to bs had at ¦
SOROSIS SHOE PARLOR,
216 Post St;
ROYAL SHOE STORE,
SO Third St.
l^^^ ADVIJlTJSiaiENlg. . . . ¦-.-u J1 _._
—-^MONDAY, AUGUST 8.^ *
New Silks, Cloths
and Dress Goods
FANCY WARP PRINT TAFFETAS Q| AA
With Persian colorings, in Brown, Blue and Jasper %9 1 • \J \J
grounds; 20 inches wide YARD
HAIR LINE EQUAL STRIPE TAFFETAS «£¦ f|rt
With small, self-colored Dots, in two-toned ejects \f)l*\/\J
—Brown, Navy and Red; 20 inches wide. ......... YARD
FANCY GROS DE LONDRES _
In two-toned effects, with largo aad mall dots, In }? f*
Blue and White, Green and White. -Brown and V VP O
White and Gray and white; 20 inches wide*.. M- YARD
WADP PRINT PERSIAN TAFFETAS Q 2 £%
With small Jacquard effects, in pretty shadea of OOu
Brown, Blue and Green; 20 inches ~™» , -, _. YARD
AMAZON CLOTHS
An excellent a uaHty very highly finished doth, hAf aa
» all the most fashionable colorings for Fall wear, in- 1 I If I
eluding vanou s shades of Brown. Navy, Mode, V I • VT \J
Green, Tan, Gray and Red; 50 inches wide........ YARD
BROADCLOTHSfAND VENETIANS . CJ ez(%
A very large assortment of all the leading colors V l# *' Vantf
in French Broadcloths and Venetians: 50 inches CO
wide „ „ - _A^\ r * — , V^ Yanl
COVERT CLOTHS SI 50 S2
Heavy English Covert Cloths, the qnaHty suitable * and* '
for making Coats and Jackets; in different shades CO CA
of Tan; finches wide , r ,,,.,_., «ft^.OU Yd
REDFERN TAILOR SUITINGS ' _^
New weaves and designs in this popular maka of K||
dress fabrics; small checks, invisible stripes and *pi»l#vr
dark rich color effects; 54 inches wide.^..^^,...^ YARD
FANCY TWEED SUITINGS
Suitable -for fancy tailor and walking suits, in new I O W
mixtures of Modes, Tana, Gray and Navy; 54 inches \Dm» bmXj
widQ - - — YARD
SPECIAL ¦
SILK AND WOOL FIGURED E0LIENNE A- a —
An imported French fabric of a soft, clinsrinjr tex- I *\
ture; small design, in self color effects; all the new \pa»£a\J
Fall shadings; 43 inches wide, extra value.. YARD
111 to 121 POST STREET. _r.
' Trapper*! Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Drueslsts. 60a flask. Richard & Co.. 406 Clay t «
INSOLVKNT ' CLERK— E. Anderson, a clerk
of -this city.' filed . a, petition in: Insolvency
yesterday.- : He owes $1351, . nearly , all on
promissory; note?, and has no assets.
American Quartet
Ye Oldo English Inn.
144, Mason sL' Music by the great Pin-
« . * ' — .
-FINAL-:—' I
IN THE CLOAK and SUIT SECTION. I
M - Since stock taking we have been busy bringing forward the great
tf2=gSj*Ff bargains in broken lines, broken lots and odds and ends. To-morrow we
*^&*fy begin the Final Sale in the cloak and suit department. Cost has been
forgotten in the pricemaking. We want this sale to be the means of clos-
ing out everything 1 — every garment of the present season's make. Study
the items carefully. Consider well the saving and come to-morrow to
get first choice. •• . _^.. :..',...., .:
Tailor Suits Reduced From $20 to $9.75
SThe best offering of the season. Prices cat in two on new suits in Eton and
new coat effect sty!es in navy and brown cheviot, light, medium and dark gray, tan
and brown mixtures. These suits are from lines that have been immensely popu-
lar this year. Manv of them came in late shipments, and in them, are incorpor-
ated the new style ideas for fall. It is a rare opportunity to get a $20.00 suit for
¦to *»'g
, • — $9.ZO
7/ you are needing a suit you can't afford to stay away.
Coats Lower Priced. I WashShirtwaistSuits |||||
I - Tan Covert and For Lcss Half. lg?O
; m a 01. • • /» * A late snap buy. Entirely new /TpVTm»v
j BlaCK CnCVIOt CoatS. goods. They arrived less than a (/ffl&fiffi)
\ In fly front and double breasted ef- week ago from New York. Better
feels. Finely tailored. Made for values have never been shown, and )!'/&?'&"/
uear. Our regular price C*C f\f\ ordinary circumstances are not likely wvlT- IaV*!:
was 58.^0. Final price %$J»\l\J to produce their equals. 1^r&v-<r\
I SUITS AT $2.95. flTw I
\ Tan C0VCrt CoatS. Regular value $6.00. The material / /v^ '
In the popular strapped effects. is Zephyr Gingham, fine stripe and /
A™** "hi frimmlng T&JTZ J TB §
S50 S Rnal Trice., f. $7.50 the strap effects, while pearl buttons /I (TO
* J **"«" -r give the finishing touch. ///I / |/}!\
I rn«tc HiiHc *nr1 Fnrlc SUITS AT $3.50. //IJtl // I B V '•
Coats-Odds and Ends Regu]ar value The matcrial //V^ J\J&\
Oi this seasons lines, broken lots ; n this Iot is j awn> in fancy pat terns V/ MIV& \ IV \
and sizes, but very desirable. Regular on grou nds of white, black and blue. V - SI wl V "'Vl
values up to §7-5°- Fmal \"Z QC Piping in solid colors is used with «^k>c«L W 1/&Z&J
price ; $O*7*J splendid effect t * r **°**%jF
Our Great August Sale o! Final Sale Good-Bye
Children's Dresses. India Silk Waists. Sale of Wash Goods
: A snap bargain picked up by Too big an assortment to call Everything we have left in the
Mr. Davis, who is now in New them odds and end3. You can way o f F ancy Printed Linons Ba-
York. easU 7 choose a waist that will do tistes and Foulards— all high-grada
5 Greatest opportunity ever placed service anywhere and save a con- materials, in a large pattern as-
before San Francisco mothers. siderable sum, too. sortment. The regular prices
For this Sale we are able to of- Am 0*n Qf\ India Silk Waists ranged from 20c to,25c a yard,
fer new, well-made, stylish Dresses At JO.DU £ black ind FINAL SALF * <i »r ,
at less than the cost of manufac- t^ buttoncd in h £* JgJAL SALE j j y^
turc-less than you would pay for tucked and Frcnch faot trimmed :
the material alone. Some styles in tucks and insertions. "T " "
J&rT^'S&^Sl ?**ZJ™* M ' Monday Special in Ribbons.
Suspender. Russian and Sailors. At $2.75 .?»*«• Si* Wai»tj ALL-SILK BRILLIANT TAF-
$i.7S DRESSES will go for ? .05 ™ **• f * . »n black " and FETA RIBBON, 454 inches
\ 2 co DRESSES will co for 1.23 whlt . e - trmimed with lace and m- wide, all colors. Our regular
300 DRESSES will go for 1.65 scrtion, some with fancy stitching 35c per yard grade, Mon- 1 Q/»
; 3.50 DRESSES will Io for 1.95 and tuck». Regular price $5.00. day JVC
Monday Special in Hosiery. tLm.^9 ST\ /^7\ • «
\ LADIES' BLACK SILK LISLE Px J V/ I * fK^ Ss
; GAUZE HOSE, also black ooen JT JT J 1/ A.SlTS}~fS% \C*^h
work patterns with embroidered 0 J s^fStE^AtSrA >^fi &&VE& £/ /M^i^V.
' grade. Monday Jv/C ¦• CQf?M£f? Gf?AMrJ&e. AMD f)£ARY ST.
ADVJERTJSEarEJfTS. _^
Now On!
S.&.G.GUMPCO.'S
113 GEARY STREET
Discounts on Everything!
KXPERT OPTICIAy.
ADMIRAL DEWEY
Who used George Mayerle's
glasses during the Spanish-Amer-
ican war, and is still using them
with much satisfaction, highly
recommends Mr. GEORGE May-
erle, and sends the following tes- \
timonial :
Mr. Oeorg* Mayerle— My Dear Bin X am
¦till ustns with much «atlsf action ths Klasses
you sent m« at Manila; also, the new ones
¦ult my «ye» perfectly. Tour* very truly.
GEOROQ DEWEfY.
TBAO23 MAEK
J^TT^*^~.i i~t None ffeaulne without the
fi§3K?I«w trad^ mark — an Eye with
[tf£>^Kx*h^ Crown.
GEORGE MAYERLB'S
GERMAN EYEWATER
? ¦ perfectly harmless and effective
remedy, makes weak eyes strong:. d,l*-
i «Lsed tyts well. Rests tired eye*.
Price* COa. By mail. 62a. If your druggist
don't keep It order direct from Gears* Mayeria,
1071 Market st_. a P.
Oeors-* May trio" » antiseptla eyeglass eleanars,
2 for 23a.
A Warning *^^§
TO THE FUBIiIC.
When -wlshlnr to consult O#ors« Mayeris,
th* German Expert Optician, 1071 Maxket St.,
reg«rdlns th» condition of th« eyes, avoid
mistaking the place by looking for the same
""George Mayerle" aa the window BEFORE
ENTERING. .lour Credit Id Good.
Baron's greet tale on cloaks and suits this
Week on!}'. 113 Geary tt.. frcin 762 Uarlut. •
CAPITOL.A, Aug. 6. — The rumor
that has been spread to the effect that
this city has been Quarantined on ac
count of fever is without foundation.
Capitoia 'Sot Quarantined.
If you are eaicg to attend the G A. It.
Encampment at Boston ur Worid'» Fair why
not have 5"our tickets re»d one way via ths
Jtcrtfc*m PaeiSc By. and stop «n route and
vltit the Yellowstone Park. For particulars
wr* T. K. Etateler. Genera! Airest, N. p. Ey
t;; I'.-rktt etreet. San Francisco. •
Cheap Rates to Boston and St. I/otris.
Two Masked Men Operate in the
City*8 Suburbs and Rob Eight
Passengers.
PORTLAND, Aug. 5. — One of the cars
of the recently completed Ecenlc road
of the Portland Street Railway Com
pany was held up about midnight last
night on Portland Heights by two
masked hiffhvaymea. There were eight
passengers on the car, all of whom
were robbed. It is not known how
rauch was obtained, but the amount
was considerable.
KOBBEKS IIOT/D UP A
PORTLAND STREETCAR
"Would a civil suit for damages avail the
plaintiff? In this case the answer admits that
the " defendants are . financially Irresponsible,
hence av money judgment - against them , would
be unavailing, r Furthermore, a resort to civil
proceedings " would involve a multiplicity ! of
suits. There jug,? COO members of the defend
ant's union, several hundred of whom must
have participated in the "boycott" of plaintiff;
the number and personnel of the participants,
however, was constantly, changing, tn the morn
ing one or two. lu the afternoon four or six.
and ; in the evening from thirty to fifty; the
names of the picket men were, and are, un
known to plaintiff; besides, eomo participated
! In thin case the answer admits that, if the
defendants are not res trained, the plaintlff'a
business will-- be completely destroyed.* For
such a wrong the Penal Codo affords the plain
tiff •" no remedy. The criminal law cannot
recompense plaintiff . for loss sustained, cannot
restrain others from committing like acts, can
not enjoin tho union from continuing the boy
cott, nor can it prevent a threatened injury
to hio nroBerty. ' .-
The only j question of law to be determined,
therefore, is the question of remedy. The de
fendant's counsel claims that the plaintiff's
remedy, if any. must be sought, either In
a criminal proceeding or in a civil action for
danastf In respect to the former claim It
is to . be noted that: a wrongful act is. In re
spect to its nature, either a public offense or
a private injury; but. tn respect to remedial
consequences, It may be both. The State may
punish a wrongdoer by imprisonment, but that
circumstance in no wise impairs the civil
remedy "bf the aggrieved party. In ex parte
Debs. 158 U. S.. 531. the United States Su
preme Court say: "When there Is an inter
ference, actual or threatened, with property
rishta of a pecuniary nature, U}« Jurisdiction
of equity arises, and Is not destroyed by the
fact that such acts are accompanied by, or
are themselves, violations of atrlmlnal law." ;
The courts generally hold that the "boy
cott" is illegal; It has been thus held in Vir
ginia, 84 Va. 927: New Jersey. 63 N. J. Eq.
101; Kansas, S3 Fed. Rep. 912; Michigan, 118
Mich. 497; Massachusetts, 167 Mass. 93; Illi
nois, 101 111. App. 355, and In Minnesota, 45
Fed. Rep. 135.
This action was brought to obtain a perma
nent injunction acainst the defendants, the
Stablemen's Union and ' others, to restrain
them from continuing the "boycott." Upon
filing 1 the complaint a restraining order was
issued enjoining defendants from interfering
with plaintiff's business, from picketing bis
promises and from roolestintr or intimidating
any of his workmen or patrons. Upon the ser
vice of the restrainlnc order the "boycott"
ceased. The cause was tried and submitted
and the facts herein before enumerated wero
proven by overwhelming evidence. There is no
testimony, however, implicating the defend
ants. E. Maza and John Klllian, and as to
those '3°f£nt!ants th» action is dismissed.
BOYCOTT IS DEFINED.
In consequence of the boycott plaintiff was
harassed and annoyed, his business was In
jured, he lost several customers, he was un
able to hire out his hacks and road vehicles
for lack of drivers and was compelled to send
twelve of his horses to pasture.
One of the health ordinances of the city for
bids rtable-keepers allowing manure to ac
cumulate upon their premises, and requires its
removal with reasonable^ expedition. When
the plaintiff, in compliance with that law.
Bought to secure men to remove the manure
from his stable, they were dissuaded from
doing fco by the pickets, and it was only under
police protection that plaintiff, after several
days, was enabled to perform a duty Imposed
upon him by law and sanitary considerations.
A dealer in hay who visited plaintiff during
the strike to obtain orders was requested by
corns of the pickets not to sell to the plaintiff:
they suggested to him that If plaintiff could
not procure feed his horses would starve, and
when the dealer refused to consider the in
human proposition he was- threatened that If
he continued to deal with plaintiff he would
be boycotted In his business.
Horses returning to plaintiffs stable were
at times frightened by the crowd which sur
rounded It. and one patron of plaintiff, on that
account, was compelled to enter the etable
from the rear. - Frequently the shouts of the
pickets were boisterous, their manner menacing
and their language opprobrious and threaten
ing. •. =
at all, but were boarded and lodged within it.
Subsequently, under the protection of a police
officer, they werfe escorted to and from a
restaurant, but even then they were occasion
ally followed and menaced by the pickets.
Upon one occasion an employe of plaintiff
was attacked by two men and knocked down;
one of his employes was followed to bis home
and struck with a rock, and another was ap
proached by some of the pickets and ursred to
join the union; upon his refusal to do so he
was Informed that he would be "finished."
•The provision is special legislation, because.
In matters of "trade dispute." it .- denies to
employers an equitable remedy which, it ac
cords to tho non-employing class; it applies
to • "trade disputes" a-rul« not applicable to
other disputes: one class of property. • and one
of. property owners, under certain conditions
may obtain "eouitable relief, which, under the
same • conditions, this act . denies to another
class of property '. and property owners. The
owner of real estate is entitled to an injunc
tion acainst a. trespasser whose acts threaten
bis possession; but. under this legislation, the
man who own a business, under like condi
tions, is denied liko relief.
The ' provision ia special * legislation because
"Keep the word of promise to our ear.
And break it to our hepe."
But such - a reproach does not reet upon
the law; for it in one of its oldest -and best
maxims that. "Where there is a wren?, there
is a remedy." Hence when a property right
is violated, and the common' law affords ths
Injured party ' no ' remedy, equity will inter
vene to redress the wrong. To deny the
plaintiff - equitable relief for the Invasion of
his , rights of property Is " to deny him due
process of ,law and to violate a fundamental
principle of the Constitution of the State;
for a right without a remedy Is no right
at all.
Second. The ' provision In question \m special
legislation. Inasmuch as it is not of uniform
operation: under it lit! rants do not stand
equal before the law. While It is true that
class legislation is. in the nature of things,
sometimes proper, yet such classification must
be founded upon differences, either defined
in the Constitution or natural in themselves
or which suggest a .reason which might nat
urally be held to justify a diversity of liti
gation. - • , . .
¦ In Johnson vs. Goodyear Co.. 127 Cal. 7.
the Legislature attempted to confer upon the
employes of a -corporation certain legal rights,
which other employes did net possess; and
the law, upon that account, was held uncon
stitutional. ~*»MinBPi n^saBfjBie
In 127 Cal. 13. tho Supreme Court quotes
with approval the following extract from
State vs. Goodwill. 53 W. Va. 179: "The
property which every man has In his own
labor, as it is the original foundation of all
oth»r property. «o it Is the most sacred and
inviolate." Hence no syndicate of employers.
or union of employes, can bar one of the right
to labor, for • the rlsht to labor Is the right
to live; but how can it be said that a right
is inviolate If. when violated, the law affords
no redress?-. For the law to declare a right,
and then deny it all means of enforcement,
would be to
LABOR IS MOST SACRED.
But. aside from these considerations. I am
of opinion that the act In question, la so far
as It attempts to deprive courts of equity of
the power to issue injunction*. In cases of
"trade disputes," Is unconstitutional, for ths
following reasons:
First. It violates that provision of our
State constitution which declares that ""all
men have certain Inalienable rights, among
which are these of enjoying and defending
life and liberty, acquiring, possessing and
protecting property." This provision is con
tained in the Declaration of Rights, and It
forever safeguards the rights of persons and
the rights of property. Freedom ts of the
spirit and essence of the Constitution; but
freedom' thus guaranteed to the citizen no
more implies a license in one man or in any
combination of men to harass or injure an
other in the pursuit of his lawful business.
than it Implies a license to deprive him cf
his personal liberty. The Constitution alike
protects natural freedom and industrial free
dom.
If the right of property Is Inalienable, the
right of labor is Inviolate. In Billings vs.
Hall, 7 Cal. 7, the Supremo Court of this
State, commenting upon the constitutional
provision In question, refers to it as "one of
the fundamental principles of enlightened gov
ernment, without a rigorous observance of
which there could be neither liberty nor safety
to the citizen. If one of the primary objects
of government is to enable the citizen to ac
quire, possess and defend property, how can
it be impaired by legislation r* The right
to labor is a right cf property, and the duty
to protect it Is the highest office of our
laws.
to enforce the authority of the union, aad to
dictate to plaintiff whom he should, and whom
he should not. employ. That ths plaintiff
was Injured In his property rights cannot be
gainsaid; that the acts of defendants. If con
tinued, would have ultimately destroyed his
business, ia admitted. If defendant's acts were
unlawful, the law presumes that their Intent
was unlawful; and ths act ef 1903 could not
and does not. sanction a combination to ac
complish an unlawful act.
The law defines the word boycott as "an
otgasized attempt to coerce or Intimidate one
Into compliance with a demand by combining
to abstain and compeUing others to abstain
from any business or social relations with
him." Thus defined the evidence herein abtin
dar-tly proves that Munroe accomplished his
purpose of "boycotting" plaintiff.
Daily, for nearly two months, the pickets
visited plaintiff's premises, bearing a banner
denouncing his business as unfair, and con
taining the false statement that he had
"locked out" union men from fats stable.
Every hour of the day. from 7 In the morn
ing until 7 at night, the pickets were shout-
Ins that the stable was unfair; while Munroe,
in the evening, when the concourse of people
walking or riding home in the cars en Market
street was the greatest, loudly called their
attention to the stable and . bade them "Loot
at this stable! The only- unfair stable oi
Market street; the stable that always was anc
always will be unfair."
Upon occasions bo and other members of
tho pickets called the plaintiff and bis em
ployes "scabs" and his stable a "scab stable.".
Occasionally some of the pickets . uttered
threats of violence ajcainst plaintiff and some
of bis men. The non-union employes of plain
tiff were finally compelled to enter and leave
the stable through the rear, but for several
fiayo after the etrike they dared not leave it
METHODS OF STRIKERS.
The presence of so large a body of men,
their marching, their banners and their out
cries, served to attract the attention - and
presence of a large concourse of people, so that
travel upon the street in front of the stable
was congested; to the extent that, upon'.oc
casions, police Interference was necessary to
clear both sidewalk and street.
Ore Munroe was appointed by the union
captain of the pickets; with full authority to
order, direct and control their action. Ha
testified that his business v.hs to see that
the men acted "within the law," but the union
left it to him to determine what conduct,
upon their part.--would be "within the law."
He admitted that be was the agent of the
union and that, as such, he considered It his
duty to "put pressure or rorce" upon plaintiff.
He claimed that the union had the right to
take "boycotting measures" against the plaint
iff and that he acted accordingly.
The following day three or four pickets ap
peared and patrolled the premises, and within
a week thereafter the number of pickets grad
ually increased, until upon some- occasions
there were as many as fifty men.
Concurrently with the strike In plaintiffs
stable the union employes In some thirty-six
other stables in this city went out and were
thereupon assigned to picket duty at. those
stables. Daily, between 6 and 7 o'clock in
the evening and when patrons of plaintiff,
with their horses and vehicles, were returning
to the stable, there were never less than
thirty and frequently from forty to fifty pick
ets, bearing one or more of the banners re
ferred to and .marching in front of plaintiff's
stable In an elliptical formation, their line
extending nearly fifty feet and completely
blocking the entrance thereof. While the
pickets were thus marching one or more of
them was continuously shouting. "Unfair
stable!"
The plaintiff declined to do so; whereupon
the walking delegate interviewed' all of the
union employes of plaintiff and they thereupon
ceased work acd left his employment. Shortly
thereafter two pickets from the union arrived
and commenced to march up and down in
front of the stable entrance; one of them
carrying a banner bearing the words, "Unfair
stable! Union men locked out and non-union
men put in'."
- About 7 o'clock on the morning of that
day the plaintiff was visited by a walking
delegate of the defendant's union, who re
quested him to discharge the non-union man
then in his employ and substitute ¦ a union
man in his etead.
On the 22d day of April, 1904. the plaintiff,
Pierce, was the owner of an interest in the
>evada Livery Stables; on that date he em
ployed ten men, all of whom, eave one, be
longed to the defendant, tho Stablemen's
Lnlon, which union was composed of corns
600 members. At that time the relations be
tween the plaintiff and his men were har
monious; the latter were working upon the
schedule, during the hours. - for the wages,
and under the conditions prescribed by their
union.
on the side of the stable owner. The
union produced no witnesses. The ar
guments were made by Maguire . and
Van Xess and the case was submitted.
Judge Hunt's opinion, rendered yester
day, follows:
CASE IS EXPLAINED.
But if the act done be unlawful, and dam
age ia occasioned thereby, it avails nothing,
under the common law, whether the wrong
ful act was done by. one or by many in com
bination; in either event, the law awards re
dress against on?-, and all, • of the offenders.
But, . in my . opinion, it Is not trua, at least
in a civil sense, that what one may do, many
may : do. , The ' law recognizes tho potency of
numbers; It is numbers which Is an insepar
able element in conspiracy, combinations or
unlawful assemblies. • The threat which, if
uttered by one, might be innocuous, if uttered
by many, may well serve to intimidate. In
this case a single picket, marching in . front
of plaintiffs premises, could not be regarded
as an ' obstruction to the street, nor could he
amount to an "unlawful assembly": but, when
a band of fifty pickets, marched in a circle,
and obstructed the plaintiff in the free use
of his property, they became and were a nui
sance, and were guilty of a misdemeanor. ¦
' The plaintiff employed but ten men, at the
time : of the strike, -. and yet several hundred
union men participated in the acts complained
of. It cannot be assumed that this aggrega
tion were seekins to, obtain the places which
plaintiff's union men voluntarily abandoned;
on the contrary, tfceir purpose was avowedly
-That act. In some of its features. Is liter
ally taken from the English statute of 1S72,
which regulated criminal conspiracies. Both
the English statute, and the above act. pro
vide that no atn-eement. contract or combi
nation, by two or more persons, to do. or to
procure to be done, an act In contemplation
or furtherance of a trade dispute between an
employer and an employee, . shall b# criminal;
nor shall those engaged therein be indictable
or punishable for the crime of conspiracy. If
; such act, committed by one person, would not
be punishable as a crime. Then follows a
provision, in the act of this State, not con
; talned in the : English statute, to the effect
that such combination shall not be considered
as In restraint of trade: "nor shall any re
straining order or injunction be issued in re
lation thereto: provided, that nothing In this
act shall be construed to authorize force or
violence or threats thereof." - -
In this case, the proofs, as we have seen,
abundantly show threats, force and violence :
nevertheless, "defendant's counsel contends that
a court of • equity is prohibited from issuing
Injunctions in cases of . "trade disputes" be
tween employer and employe; and that the
legislative declaration against threats, force
or violence Is applicable only to the subject
of conspiracies: and that no matter what
force or intimidation "is practiced upon the
employer, by the employe, tn a trade dispute"
equity, is powerless to relieve by injunction.
Plaintiffs counsel contends that, if the act
of 1903 admits of such a construction, it Is
unconstitutional.
* It- is to be observed that the act in question
is In the nature of criminal legislation; it re-
I lates to conspiracies as crimes, and attempts
) to exempt certain conspiracies from the opera
tion of a pepal statute. It declares, for in
stance; that an act which is not a crime, when
committed by one, ia not criminal when com
mitted by many.
Now an act may be unlawful without being
a crime, for one is a private Injury, ihe other
a public •ffensc
MANY CANNOT EXCUSE WRONG.
Xow, It Is a cardinal rule of equity juris
prudence that, ' where injury to property Is
threatened by the acts of parties who are un
able to respond In damages, or where the re
dress of an Injury will occasion a multiplicity
of suits, or where the damage resulting Is
irreparable, a court of equity will furnish the
Injured party the only remedy that can avail
him, "to wit, the remedy of injunction.
Hence it follows that the pivotal question
in the case is this: Is the plaintiff entitled to
an injunction? Defendant's counsel claims
that he is not so entitled; that, even- If the
defendants cannot respond In damages, even
If the injury done, or threatened to be done,
was, or is. Irreparable In its nature, even if
a multiplicity of suits would be occasioned,
and even If the pecuniary damage sustained
by plaintiff would be difficult of ascertain
ment, still a court of equity cannot enjoin the
acts complained of because an act of the
Legislature of this State passed March 20. 1903.
forbids it from doing so. (See Statutes 1903, p.
289.)
REMEDY OF INJUNCTION.
in the proceedings to a less obnoxious degree
than others, some were present of tener than
others, some employed opprobrious epithets ana
others did not. But. even if the participants
were known. It would be difficult to prove the
amount of damage- which ths act of each in
dividual occasioned: or. If that were deter
mined, it would still b« necessary to commence
several hundred suits and engage in a litiga
tion which, in any 'event, would be barren of
financial results, in consequence of the lm
pecuniosity of the parties. It must be appar
ent, therefore, that an action for damage*
would afford plaintiff no remedy.
When the case was heard evidence
was submitted, largely the testimony
of strikers that had been summoned,
In June Judge Hunt issued a tem
porary restraining order against the
stablemen that were boycotting Pierce's
stable and committing various acts
tending to injure his business. When
the hearing came up on a motion to
dissolve the injunction it was agreed
between James G. Maguire, attorney
for the union, and T. C. Van Ness, at
torney for the stable owner, that the
case should be tried on Its merits and
should be a test case of the right of un
ions to boycott and commit other acts
against a'lsusiness without fear of in
junction from a court of equity. The
statute upon which the union relied fol
lows:
Section L. No agreement, combination, or
contract, by or between two or more persons
to do nr procure to be done, or not to do or
procure not to be done, any act In contempla
tion cr furtherance of any trade dispute be
tween employers and employes In the State of
California shall be deemed criminal, nor ehall
those eneased therein be Indictable .' or other
wise punishable for the crime of conspiracy.
If such act committed by one person would
not be punishable as a crime. , nor shall such,
agreement, combination cr contract be con
sidered as In restraint of trade or commerce,
nor shall any restraining order or injunction
be issued with . relation thereto. Nothing' In
this act Ehall exempt from punishment, other
wise than is herein excepted, any persons
gruQty of conspiracy, for which the punishment
is now provided by any act of the Legislature,
but such acts of the Legislature shall, as to
the agreements, combinations and. contracts
hereinbefore referred to, be construed aa if this
act were therein contained; provided, that
nothing la this act will be construed to author
lz» fore* or - violence, or threats thereof.
STABLEMEN RESTRAINED.
Judge Hunt's opinion will serve to
clarify the local atmosphere, which has
long been clouded by controversy be
tween employer and employe. His order
Is the most sweeping ever issued by a
Western court against the common
practices of unionism. In view of the
fact, however, that the constitution
ality of a statute upon which the un
ions based their right to boycott and
make the same effective is ruled
against, the case will not rest on Judge
Hunt's decision. It will be carried at
once to the Supreme Court by the de
feated organization. This fact was an
nounced in Judge Hunt's courtroom
yesterday morning by C. P. Munroe,
captain of the stablemen's pickets,
who was present to hear the reading of
the decision.
Judge John Hunt of the Superior
Court handed down a decision yester
day which, in its effect upon Industrial
affairs, is tho most important ever ren
dered on the Paclflo Coast This deci
sion was reached in the case of E. G.
Pierce, proprietor of the Nevada sta
bles, supported by the Citizens' Al
liance, against Stablemen's Union, Lo
cal No. 8760.
This suit had as Its purpose the quiet
ing of the striking stablemen that
harassed, threatened and terrorized the
non-union men employed by the stable
owners In place of union men who re
fused to work when demands mads by
them were rejected as unreasonable. In
the prayer of his complaint Pierce de
manded that an injunction issue per
petually restraining the defendant un
ion from interfering with his business
in any way, from picketing his prem
ises and from molesting or intimidatng
his workmen and patrons. His prayer
has been granted by Judge Hunt, and
In language that is plain and supported
by higher authority the court reaffirms
the principle that the light to labor Is
natural and inalieniable.
Judge Hunt Declares Statute Divesting tribunals of k Right to Inter
fere in Industrial Strife Unconstitutional and Void. -
For each and all ot the- reasons herein be
fore stated. I am of the opinion that, in so far
as the legislative act in. question attempts t>
deprive a court of equity of the power to
issue injunctions in cases of this character,
l; Is unconstitutional and vc'.d.
The .defendants wieretn rely entirely upon
the constitutionality of the legislative provi
sion In question. As I cannot sustain their
contention in that regard. It follows that. In
consonance with the views herein expressed,
s decree should be entered In favor of plain
tiff as prayed for. ¦ It U accordingly adjudged
that plaintiff fs entitled to a final decree of
injunction against the remaining defendants.
In substantial accord with the restraining or
der previously granted herrtn and counsel will
prepare a decree accordingly.
thff" constitution Is not a risht which haj
ceased to exist; nor have the cases in which
an injunction ts necessary in order to pre
vent a multiplicity of actions ceased to be
ca-vj of equitable cognisance.
It is undoubtedly true that the Legislature.
an wts held in these cases, may alter, or
regulate, remedies and procedure, legal or
equitable, but it cannot destroy & substan
tive remedy, nor can it defeat the enforce-'
meat of a constitutional right by depriving
the injured party of the only remedy that the
law -can award for Its violation. This caao
Is manifestly one of equitable cognizance, for
the reasons already stated; and. In 24th Cal.
409, the i Supreme Court declared that that.
"In nAtters of equitable cognizance powers
grawf?a by the constitution, cannot be takea
away by legal enactment."
Defendant's counsel upon this point relies
upon the Wright case, 139 Cat. 474 and th«
Spreckels case 117 Cal. S77. In each of those
cases one court sought to enjoin judicial pro
ceedings In another court and. la each In
stance, It was held that the court was pow
erless to make such an order. In the Wright
cass the court held that the Legislature may
restrain the judicial power to enjoin, "when.;
by statutory changes, some right ceases to
exist and In cases of equitable cccrnizancr
which no longer arise." This cas* does not
fall within either of the above classes. Ths
right of property, granted to tha plaintiff -by
CHICAGO, Aug. 6.— The stockyards
strikers forgot their animosities and
troubles to-day long enough to join in
a peaceable demonstration, the first
since the strike was called, nearly four
weeks ago. In a street parade several
miles in length fully 25,000 strikers and
their families encircled the stockyard*
district, marching to music from a
dozen bands. The demonstration end
ed with a picnic at Oswald's Grove.
While these events were in progress
there was peace and quiet around tho
big packing plants at the stockyards.
The run-on the Drovers' Trust and
Savings Bank came to an end to-day.
Several small depositors withdrew their
money in the morning. The police ars
endeavoring to discover the Identity of
the persons who were responsible for
the circulation of anonymous letters
and circulars which caused ths run on
the Institution.
It applies only to a particular class and makes
employes the lmmunes of the law.
The constitution of the State provides that
no citizen, or class of citizens. snaU be grant
ed privileges, or Immunities, watch, upoa tha
came terms, shall not be granted to all citi
zens.
If the acts herein complained of were coas
mitted by an organization of men, between
v.hora and the plaintiff the relation of em
ployment never existed, the plaintiff's right to
equitable relief would be undoubted: but, un
der this "provision, if one cr more of his
employes, in combination with ethers, com
mit these acts, the equitable remedy does not
exist. In my opinion there can b« no legal
support for such legislation, undermining and
destroying as it does, a constitutional right.
PROVISION IS VOID.
TT.lrd — The provision In question Is 'eld be
cause It seeks to deprive ths Superior Court
of a judicial prerojatlva conferred upon It
by the constitution. The constitution pro
vides that "the Superior Court shall nav«
jurisdiction ot all cases Is equity." -If the
Legislature can deprive a court of equity
of the right to Issue an. Injunction la a eaaa
like this then it could deprive it of the right
to Issue an Injunction in any ease; it could
absolutely divest the court of what Is and
always has been on* of Its most potent rem
edies, thu3 nullifying Its powers and making
Impotent its decrees.
The demurrer first attacks the Juris
diction c* the court upoa the ground
that the complaint doea not ehow
whether the offense was committed ln
• elde or outside of the town.
Seccnd, that It does not conform to
the requirements of the Penal Code, in
that it does not contain a statement of
ill cf the acts constituting the alleged
effense in ordinary and concise lan
guage, so as to enable a person of or
dinary understanding to know -what is
.'intended. Also that it does not Ehow
" whether the tax has been paid or
¦whether it remained unpaid on the SOth
of July.
Third, that it does not Btate facts suf
ficient, fcr the reason that the ordin
ance is unconstitutional, because it
conflicts with article 1, sections 6, 15
end 21 of the constitution of the State
of California. Section 6 of the constitu
tion refers to the imposing of excessive
. fines, section 15 to Imprisonment for
Gebt and section 21 to the granting of
privileges cr immunities which 'on the
eame terms shall not be granted to all
. citizens.
Under the latter section -the claim
will be made that all male citizens are
taxed, which is withholding from the
female the privilege of being taxed in
the same way. Also, that the ordinance
fails to comply with section £71 of the
municipal corporation act, and that the
municipal corporation act does not con
. fer upon the town authorities power to
lrnpoee a Etreet poll tax, for it Is un
constitutional and void, and, finally,
that the ordinance and all of its pro
visions are uncertain, vague, ambigu
ous and unintelligible.
' The Trustees were represented by
•Henry C McPlke and George Harlan.
The ordinance is being rigidly en
forced. Deputy marshals are in attend
ance at the arrival and departure of
the boals, and a thorough poll of the
town is being made by order of the
Trustees.
SAUSAXITO, Aug. 6.— The case of th©
people verrus Frederick Marriott, who
¦was arrested several days ago for re
tvEis.z to pay his annual street poll tax
at $1, came uj> to-day. Marriott ea
.tcrefi - a plea, of cot guilty and his at
torneys submitted a Ions demurrer to
the court, who instructed them to agree
tpen seme date which would be agree
able to both sldea to hear the argu
ments en the demurrer.
Special Dispatch to Tb* CtZl.
Police Seeking Persons Who
Circulated False Eeports
to Alarm the Depositors
Defense Alleges 3Iany Irreg
ularities and Court De
fers Argument in Case
EUX OX BAKK ENDS
SUB3HTS A DE^IUEBEE
Editor 3Iarriott Will Endeav
or to Show That the Sausa
lito Ordinance Is Illegal
Strikers Forget Their Trou
bles and Participate in
a Parade and a Picnic
WILL FIGHT
NEW TAX LAW
DAY OF PEACE
AT STOCKYARDS
EFFECTON INDUSTRIAL CONDITIONS FAR REACHING
A PERMANENT injunction was granted yesterday by Judge John Hunt restraining the Stablemen's Union from further
effort to make effective, by means of threats, intimidation and the use of "pickets," a boycott declared against the Nevada
Stables. In its effect upon industrial conditions no more sweeping decision has been rendered on the Pacific Coast. The Judge's
opinion enters exhaustively into the right of organizations to boycott, and points to the long line of authorities that declare
the boycott illegal. Continuing, the decision divests the union of its one remaining defense— the act of 1903, which was passed
at the demand of the labor leaders, and which prohibits courts ot equity from interfering by injunction to restrain combinations
of men in trade disputes from committing acts which, if done by one person, would rtot be criminal. This statute, the court
holds, is class legislation and unconstitutional. This decision, if upheld by the Supreme Court, will go far toward preventing
scenes of violence during strikes.
PROMINENT LAWYER WHO REP
RESENTED DEFEATED UNION
IN INJUNCTION PROCEEDINGS.
ATTORxrrr who prosecuted
CAEE OF EMPLOYER TO A ECO
CESSFCL CONCLUSION.
DISTINGUISHED JURIST WHO
RENDERED THE DECISION TES
- TERDAT AGAINST STABLEMEN.
declaration that an employer may conduct his business with
employes who will earn their wages. The decision means practically
that employers may use the 'open -shop' policy^without interference
from incompetent men. It bars boycotting and cheap carriers of
signs in front of the place where a man is conducting a business
that is honest and to the interest of the public. . Through the de
cision competent men who refuse to pay the toll exacted by labor
unions for the privilege of working for their living are given the
protection of the law. Employers are equally protected in so far as
they are privileged to hire such men as can perform their duties. I
do not believe that the State Supreme Court will reverse Judge
Hunt* s decision." — T. C. Van Ness, counsel for the Stable-Owners'
Association.
I i I REGARD it as the greatest legal victory over unjust condi
¦ tions that has ever occurred in the United States. It is a
f'f I DO not question the abstract principles of individual liberty,
¦ justice and equality before the law to which he refers as the
basis of his conclusions and judgment ; but I do not think
that he' has satisfactorily disposed of the act of the Legislature for
bidding the issuance of injunctions in such cases. If the testimony
of certain witnesses of the plaintiff was true it showed that crimes
had been committed by individuals which should be punished ac
cording to the provisions- of the penal statutes, and an injunction
should not be issued to restrain the commission of crimes. The de
fendants are anxious to have the constitutionality of tha^ statute
finally and conclusively determined, and I believe that members ot
labor unions generally share that desire. I am of the opinion that
the matter will not be permitted to rest on the opinion of Judge
Hunt, but that an appeal will be taken to the Supreme Court" —
J. G. Maguire, counsel for the Stablemen's Union.
MA9UIRE QUESTIONS SOUNDNESS QF THE DECISION
VAN NESS THINKS DECISION VICTORY FOR RIGHT
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, AUGUST 7, 1904.
Pages 33 to 44
« , . : : .
Pages 33 to 44
COURT ISSUES INJUNCTION PERPETUALLY RESTRAINING STABLEMEN'S UNION
FROM ENDEAVORING BY VIOLENCE TO ENFORCE BOYCOTT AGAINST EMPLOYER
Gas Engines to Sewing 3Ia-
chines — Some bargains that
may Interest you.
A number of MISCELLANE-
OUS WANTS, too. Perhaps jou
can nil the needs.
A variety of articles FOR
SALE In the Mlscel la neons Ads.Special Dispatch to- The Call.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 6.— Orient, coupled
in the betting: with Mafa*lda, .won the
Mississippi Valley stakes to-day from
a fast field. Thane was bumped out cf
the running by Orient's Btablemate
when closing strongly. Favorites - had
a fair day and the public and books
split even. The weather was clear and
the track, good. Attendance 7000. Sum
mary:
FIRST RACE; flve and a half furlongs; two
year-oldi: - ,
Betting. Horse, Weight Jockey. St. % Fin.
30 to 1— A Lady, 08 (Rayner) 4 12 11%
15 to 1 — Tim Hurst. 98 (Embley).. 3 2 2 2 1V4
6 tol — Mellwood. 100 (Troxler).. 7 3 4 8 1%
Time, 1:10. Start good. Won eaally. Win
ner. J. M. Barker & Co's. ch. f. by Blue and
Gray-Lady Kantaka. Inflammable 05. La
Princess 95, Fred Priesmeyer 104, Preventive
98. Renaissance 95, Filler 95, My Eleanor 100,
finished as named.
SECOND RACE — Seven furlongs; three-year
olds and ud: -'- .
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey., fit >. *i . Fin.
6 tol— Miss Manners. 9S(H.And) 2 8 H 1 1V4
6 to 1 — Mohave, 98 ( J. Conroy) ... 3 4 6 . 2 h
10 to 1— Pierce J, 108 (Young) 8.2 % 3 1%
Time. l:29V4. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. J. C. Milan & Co's. ch. in. (4) by LonB
fllght-Maud L. Lona S 91, Irby Bennett 108,
Sam Btevens 98, Lady Lavish 93 Kennington
98, Hucena 9S, Metlakatla 98, Worthington 100,
Radium 08, finished as named. '
.THIRD RACE — Six furlongs; two-year-olds:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
•» to 10— Lucky Charm. 97 (Dart). 3,14 14
•9 to 10— Diehabille. 105 (Lindsey) 6 , 4 2 2 h
6 to 1— Dameron 09 (D. Austin) 1 3 2 3 4
•Coupled in betting. .. ' . .
Time. 1:15. Start poor.- Won easily. -Win
ner. G. C. Bennett's br. c ¦ by Lucky Dog-
Charm. Red Leaf 105. A. Muskoday 97, Mon
aco Maid 94, finished as named. ' .' :
FOURTH RACE— On« m^le; Mlsslssrppl Val
ley Selling stake; three-year-olds and up: '
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. » % Fin.
•4 to - 1— Orient. 1 B0 (W. Davis)... 4;j2 2*12
13 to 10— Hile« 103 (H. Anderson) 2 12 2h
9 to 2— Thane, 99 (Rayner) 3 6 1 3 4
Time. 1:41%. Start good. Won- driving.
Winner, T. r. Hayes & Co"s. ch. f. (3) by Or
nament-Bessie V C. Charlie Thompson 107,
•Mafalda 97, finished as named.
•Coupled In betting.
FIFTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles;
three-year-olds and -up: - - - - ¦ -
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
Even — Jack Young. 101 (Austin) 1 3 2 Ins
15 to 5— Light Opera, 98 (Davis).. 2 2 nk 2 5
16 to 1— Harmakis, 9S (Rice) 4 4 5 3h
Time. 1:4S?4. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. G. C. Baker's br. h. (4) by Lamp
liKhter-Johnetta. Claremont 98, Flying Tor
pedo 108. finished as named.
SIXTH RACE — Six furlongs; three-year-olds:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
6 to 1— Ice Water. 105 (Austin)... 3 42 lh
8 to 6— Six Shooter, 110 (Wilson). 16 2 1V4
6 tol— Just So, 100 (Booker) 4 2 1 8 1^,
Time, 1:14. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner; T. J. Hayes & Co.'s, ch. m. (B) by
Watercress-Suecol. Rebo 100. Folles Bergeres
88. J. W. O'N'elll 100, finished as named. .
SEVENTH RACE— Seven furlongs; three
year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 1— Dolly Gray. 103 (Austin). 6 13 1 %
lOtol— Crime, 103 (Dean) 1 23 23
7to2r-ABgle Lewis, 91 (Vndbot) 3 31 3 %
Time. 1:28H- Start good. Won driving.
Winner. T. P. Hayes* b. m. .(4) by St. George-
Palmetto. Joe Goos 100, Operator 113, Trap
setter 100, Velos 100, finished as named.
XEW YORK HIGHLANDERS
STILL IN FIRST PLACE
Giants Uso Their Bats . to Advantage
and Defeat St. Louis' Before
.. - . - Bfff Crowd. . . \
STANDING OF THE CLUBS. •
(National League.) 1 (American League.)
W. L. P*ct. W. L. P'ct
New York,. 68 25 .722 New York...B5 34 .618
Chicago f.5 36 .604 Chicago 8S 36 .617
Cincinnati ..56 38 .C96 Boston .....58 35 .617
Pittsburg ..B2 37 .684 Phlladel. ...60 39 .662
Bt. Louis ...49 45 .621 Qeveland ..4S4O.M6
Boston 35 60 .368 Bt. Louis ...35 49 .417
Brooklyn ..32 62 .341 Detroit 35 64 .893
Phlladel. ..25 66.275 Washington 19 69 .216
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
CLEVELAND, Aug. 6. — New York main
tained Its hold on first place to-day by de
feating Cleveland in a pitchers' battle. Score:
B. H. E.
Cleveland ..., 3 8 ' 4
New York ..4 . 9 2
Batteries — Joss and Buelow; Chcsbro and
Magulre. • ....
ST. LOUIS. Aug. 6.— "Washington defeated
St. Louis to-day In a well-played game. Score:
R. H. E.
St. Louis 1 4 2
Washington 2 6 3
Batteries — Sudhoff. and Kahoe; Jacobson and
Klttrldge.
DETROIT. Aug. 6. — Tannehtll pitched too
cleverly for Detroit to-day and Boston's task
was easy, as Stovall was hit freely and was
wild. Attendance, 2400. Score:
B, H. E.
Detroit .' 4 7 3
Boston :........ 7 '12 '3
Batteries — Stovall and Bevllle; Tannehlll and
Farrell.
CHICAGO. Aug. 9. — Chicago played a per
fect game to-day. Although the Phlladel
phlans pounded Altrock hard in the first
Inning he pitched winning ball after that.
Attendance, 14,100. Score:
R. H.^ E.
Chicago • , 9-J'lO - 0
Philadelphia :...\j&>4*.' 8
Batteries— Altrock and, McFariand; Bender
and Bchreck. .• (
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
, NEW YORK, Aug. - 6.— Good batting gave
New York an eaay victory over St. Louis to
day. Attendance, 20,400. Score: . • •
R. H. E.
St Loul» 1 7 -6
New York 8 12 1
Batteries— O'Nolll and McLean; Matthewson
Ames and Bowerman~ Umpire— Emslle.
PHILADELPHIA, Aug. I 6. — The locals de
feated PKtsburg to-day by opportune hitting.
Attendance. 4000. Score: • , ...
¦•• R. H. E.
Pittsburg ". 4-12' 1
Philadelphia.... ;............« 11 -l
Batteries— Flaherty and Carlsch: Frazer and
Roth. Umpires— Moran and Zlmmer. •
BOSTON, Aug. • 6. — Three hits, coupled with
two errors by Boston, gave Cincinnati five
runs in the eleventh Inning and to-day's game.
Attendance, : 3700. Score: . -¦
¦ - • R. H. E.
Cincinnati ....; 9 ¦ v* 1
Boston 4 9 S
Batterlec — Kellum and Schlel; Fisher and
Kcedham. Umpire^ — Johnstone. " .. *
BROOKLYN, . Aug\ 6. — Chicago won from
Brooklyn to-<£ay In the tenth. Attendance, 5300.
Score: ...
R. H. E.
Brooklyn 1 0 2
Chicago 3 0. 1
Batteries — Jones and' Bergen; Lundcren and
Kling;. Umpire — Carpenter.
New Bicycle Records at Salt Lnko
SALT LAKE, Aug. 6.— Two new
world's ' bicycle records ha$re been
established on the- Salt Lake saucer
track by W. E. Samuelson of Utah, a
professional, and.E. B. Heagren ' of
California, an -amateur. Samuelson
rode ten miles in competition from
scratch in 21:29 3-6, lowering the rec
ord held, by W. A. Vaughn by nine
seconds.- Heagren established a new
amateur .record for two miles, riding
the distance In 4:06 2-5/ or '6 2-5 sec
onds under the former record.
Plunger Restored to Standing.
SARATOGA. N. Y., Aug. 6.— At. a
meeting of the stewards of the Jockey
Club, to-day it was resolved to remove
the ban which had been placed against'
George EM Smith; ("Pittsburg. Phil").
The once noted plunger- went before
the stewards and was heard in his own
behalf. : : j ¦-->-- ¦ <\ ¦-¦ - ; "
The -modern locomotive costs ~- from
515,000 ;to' $18,000.;,
The sabie? old story; m; the same^old
way at Recreation Park. San Francis
co can "win all the time"if~Oaklahd is
only in^the , lot... Four, in a .row yester
day, apd' another v shutout, • making
eighteen;-, inning? •; running > without a
point for the Commuters. It was Wha
len who did it, and. it .was "Whalen who
drove- out three -safeties' out j of four
chances. Score, 5 to j0.'
Whalen, sp,ya ,,he ; can. .wallop i any cf
them now, but he figures strongly when
Moskirnan , is;. tVHatiriff •'em, |£Tbe last
time Doc pitched James "copped four.
Yesterday .it was three,- and _ they all
went ' skiihrf\irig to the "outfield— all
clean drives, .with no chance for a fluke.
Poor old Otto Young _y as brought out
of obscurity by Peter Lohman and told
to do the "best he could on the. slab.
But the ancient star was not' thera. He
could, not discern the homo, plat", and
after filling up the bags with passes in
the opeturi.8${ round he was shorn of ?.!ie
pitcher's ;honors and Moskiman came
out to .wprk,- An infield out gave San
Francisco Che -for a starter in that in
ning. ... . .
For a while Oakland : played pretty
fair ball in the field, and Moskiman
had an assortment which puzzled. He
succeeded in getting out of a couple of
pretty bad holes, and was holding the
home sluggers where they belonged till
the panic came upon him with all its
fury in the seventh.
Whalen opened it with a drive to cen
ter and-Waldrpn beat a bunt. Hilde
brand laid down a sacrifice and Meany
placed a "Texas leaguer" over Me-
Kune'e topknot that brought in Wha
len. Cy Townsend responded with a
double to deep center and Waldron
skipped to the pan. Irwin joined in the
rally, and so did Anderson. San Fran
cisco emerged four more to the good,
and it was all over then for fair. ' '
Oakland, as usual, had all kinds of
chances to make ! runs,. but they tossed
each one away Just as. they have been
doing all week. No one could hit at the
right time, and no one seemed to care
-much whether he did bit or not. Twice
Streib could have brought" two in,, but
he was ,not there. Devereaux did the
best work, getting three safe ones and
stealing aa many bases.
Kruger executed' a catch that' will
outshine all the other ones. In the
ninth he ran to the jscore board . after
a drive from Townsend's bat and
copped it with one mitt, doubling up
HUdebrand at first. base. He caught the
ball on the dead run ' as it was about
to. strike . the ground,- -and made the
wonderful play without- an effort. The
score:
Oakland — . ¦ ¦ I San Francisco— • > •
. •. AB.R. H. P. A. . . AB.R. H. P. A.
Pranks,* 5,0 0 0 " 0 Wldrn.cf fi 2 1 O'O
Ganley.rf 1 0 0 1 : O'llildbd.s 1 0 0 S 3
Duulvy.K.^ 0 0 1 0 MeanjM-f 0 0 3 1 0
Krugrr.cf-4 0 12 1 Twnsd.lb 4 110 0
Devrx.^b 4 0 3 1 4 Irwln.3b. 3 12 14
Streib, lb. 3 . 0 111 1 Andin.2b 2 0 18 6
Bymes.c. 4 0 0 3 3 Gorton,lf 4 0 0-10
Young.p. 0 0,0.0 0 Leahy, c. 40040
McKne.2V4*0 2 7 1 Whalen,p 4, 13 0 1
Mskmn.p 4 0 0 1 2
• . . . • -r- ¦ — T6tala.80 0 11 27 13
Totala.83 1 0. 7 2717 " , • •
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
San Francisco ..10000040 0— 5
Base hits 00111061 1—11
Oakland .0 00000000—0
Base hits ..... 0 1 0 2 0 1111—7
; • SUMMARY. - •
. Stolen base* — Devereaux 8. Irwin 2. Errors
— Devereaux, Byrnes, Townsend. Two-base
hltH — Townsend, Devereaux. Sacrifice hits —
Anderson 2. Waldron. Hlldebrand 2. First
base on errors — San Francisco 1. First base
on called 1 balls— Oft Young 3, oft Moskiman 2,
. PORTLAND, .Avis'. .. 6.— Thomas of
Tacoma Is more of a success at pitch
ing that iimplrlngr. He c demonstrated
this to-day when he managed to find
"holes'In all but four of the local play
ers bats. Try as they • Would the
Browns could only fan the air and
wonder how It all happened. »Butler
pitched a sood came/ but after field-
Ing a bunt he made a bad throw to
first vrhlch scored. one TJser- and put
another on third. A single followed,
scoring, the second Tacomalte. In the
ninth Raymond dropped a ball thrown
by Beck and Spencer fumbled an in
field hit; and this ragged fielding cost
two more runs. The score:
"Portland — ' I Tacoma—
AB. R.H. P. A: AB.RH.P.A.
Fpencr,2b 4 . 0- 0 4 8 Dyl.rf-cf 3"0- 10 0
Nadau.lt 2 0 0 0 0 Shehn.Sb 3 0 0 2 1
McCrd.rr 2 0 1 0, 0 McLgn.rf 3 0 0 2 0
Thn.lf-rf 3 0 0- O..OEaKan,wi 3 ,1 2 2 3
Beck.lb. 3 0 0 13 1 L«h.cf-lb 3 1 0 « 0
Drnan.cf 3 0 110 Casey.2b 4 113 7
Castro,3b 3 0 0 1 0 Ilogan.c. 3 0 17 1
Rymd.Be 2 0 1 « 8 Overll.rf 2 10 0 0
pteelmn.c 2 0 12.4 Wblte.lb 2 .0080
Butler. p. 2 0 0 0 & Thorns, p 4 0 10 5
Total*. 28 0 1 27 28 Total*.30 ~4 « 27 17
RUNS AND HITS BT IXNING3.
Portland 0 0 0 O 0 0 0 0 9—0
Base Hits . 0 0 0 2 10 0 1 0—4
Tacoma 0 2 0 0 0 0 0 0 2—4
Base HltJJ 02100011 1—4
SUMART.
. Krronr — Spencer (2), Raymond. Beck. Butler.
Stolen base — Overall. Basa on balls — Off But
ler 2. ott Thomas 3. Struck out — By Thomas
4. Sacrifice hits — Thlelman. Sheehan. Hosan,
Doyle. Three-base hlts-*-Hogan. Double plays
— Eajan to Casey. Casey to Easan to Lynch.
Left on bases — Portland 3, Tacoma B. Hit by
pitch ball— By Butler 1. Tim* of puna — One
hour forty minutes. Umpires — Brown and Mc-
Donald.
BROWNIES NEVER; CROSS . PAX.
Thomas Refuses to Allow Them to
" " Bunch "Their "Hits."
Unusually Large Number of
Trials Extend Three Min
utes Testing the Hounds
Five Trials Are Necessary
Before Morosco Finally
Captures California Stakes
MURRAY M COMES HOME
off Whalen 4. Left on bases— Ban Francisco
8, Oakland- 8. Struck out— By Moeklman 2.
by Whalen 3. Double play— Kruger to Strelbw
Time e-f i.-ame — 1 hour and 45 minutes. Um
pire—O'Conhell. ¦ * . • •, .,
, (Paclflo Coast League.) . . : '<•
-" .W.L.Fct. . - W. L. P*et.
Seattle ;.; ; ..8?3 .727 San Fran.'. . .5 ¦>. « ,;453
Tacoma . . . . .li, 4 : .63e Portland ... .4 7 .863
Lo» Acgales . 6 1 6 .645 , Oakland . . . ;S 8 V. .273
ETANDINO OF THE . CLUBS.
rHAEES PKOYE StfEONG
Orient Is First for Mis
sissippi Valley Stakes at
St. Louis.
Big Chestnut Gelding Fin
ishes Ahead of Eey Del
Diablo in Straight Heats
Eugene Geary's Champion
; Greyhound Is Beaten
Pointless at Ingleside
Venerable Otto. Young. Essays to Pitch for Oakland,
but Retires After Filling Bases in the First.
Moskiman Gets His When Uncle's Stars Land
DEFEAT COMES
TO PALO ALTO
EDWIN S PACES
A MILE IN 2:08
Mabel Richardson Beats
Gregor K a Head for
i Maywood Handicap. • ,
Sysonby Makes an Exercise
Gallop of the Saratoga-
Special.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
SARATOGA, N. Y., Aug. 6.— In the
presence of the largest crowd ever seen
at the Saratoga race course the far
famed colors of James R. Keene,
equally as well known In Europe as In
America, were borne to the front to-day
•In the two most valuable prizes of the
meeting by Delhi winning the Great Re
public etakee, first money for which
was J42.000. and Sysonby winning the
Saratoga Special, valued at $14,000.
The two stakes therefore yielded Mr.
Keene $56,000. which, added to his pre
vious winnings this season, makes the
Keen** stable much the heaviest winner
of the year, a total of about $135,000
standing to his credit. It was not the
first $50,000 stake won In his career by
Mr. Keene, as his horse Disguise II
von a race of that value In England
several years ago. Mr. Keene was
freely congratulated by scores of gen
tlemen in the clubhouse and paddock.
There is no doubt but that the success
of his horse has greatlv cheered the
veteran financier, who has been an al
most daily attendant at the races since
the beginning of the season.
Delhi had little difficulty in winning
bis race. He Jumped out in front at the
start and cut out a hot pace the full
distance. Passing the grandstand the
first Unffe Waterboy was in second
place, but he began to fall back soon
after and was never a factor. Mercury
was a good second most of the way.
.The Picket finished strongly In third
"position, a length behind Mercury,
¦which finished second by a length. The
Duryea entry, Aceful and Mercury,
coupled In the betting, was first choice.
Sysonby was so well thought of that
the price against him remained 1 to 20
throughout. Summary:
FIRST RACE — Seven furlongs; selling; three
joar-olds:
Bettinir. Horse, Weight. Jockey. Bt. % Fin.
4 tol— Old England. »5 (Crtmm) 1 1 1^12
« tol— Mont* Carlo, 103(E. Walsh) 8 2 1^2 1
4 t« 1— Dick B*rnard.ia>(J.Mtn).10 7 h 3 4
Time. 1:2«. Start bad. Won easily. Win
ner. T D. Suliivan'n b g. by Goldfinch-Queen
B--SS. Witchcraft. W. R. Condon, Sydney Love,
Judge. Athel, At wood. Belle of Portland. Right
end True finished as named.
SECOND RACE — About two and a half
miles; the Bcverwyck steeplechase handicap;
.four-year-olds and up:
JWtlnsr. Horse. Weight. Jockey. Bt. % Fin.
.-id to I— Amur. 145 iHolman) 10 6 2 1100
J2 to J— Ten Candles. 145 (I>onoh) 2 2 3 2 1
<> to 1— St. Jude. 143 (J. O'Brien) 5 3 3 3 100
Tim*, S:14H. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. J. W. Cole's ch. g. by Bob Miles-Anadem.'
Alum Water. Adjldaumo, Land of Clover, Fox
hunter. Captivator. Presgrave and Topgallant
finished as najr.ed.
. THIRD RACE — Five and a half furlongs; the
Saratoga *i>ecial: two-year-olds:
Hettins. Horpe, Weight, Jockey. St. \ Fin.
? to 2<>— Pysor.by. 122 (Redfern). 2 13 16
20 to 1— Hot Shot. 122 (Hick*)... 13 2 4
15 to 1— Britisher. 122 (O'Neil).. 3 2 h 3 3
Time, 1 :C7. Start good. Won easily. Wln
r.sr. J. R Keene's b. c. by Melton-Optume.
Three starters.
FOURTH RACE — One and a quarter miles;
the Great Republic of tOO.DQO; three-year-olds
end up:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
8 tol— Delhi. 11» (Odom) 2 13 11
2 to 1— Mercury. 88 fHildebrand) 13^21
18 to 5 — T*a* 1'icket, 126 (Bums). 8 8 3 h
Time. 2:05 4-5. Sturt good. ¦ Won driving.
Winner. J. R. Keene's b. c. by Ben Brash-
Viva. Aroful. St. Valentine. Knight Errant.
Gr-y Friar end Waterboy finished as named.
FIFTH RACE— Mile; Bellini; for three
vear-olds and upward :
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
€ to 1— Na'ty Lady. 97 CH. Coc.) 3 1116
3« to 1— Coortmald. 105 CWond.) 4*1 2 %
3 to 1 — Fire Eater. 107 (Redf m) 7 7 h 3 14
Time, 1:40. Start poor. Won easily. Win
ter. A. W. Brand's ch. filly, by Esther- Kilby
CreaTn. Queen Belle. Aurumaeter, Canteen,
JTiaatoxn. Irish Witch, SUllicho. Irascible.
Locket, Pcsg Plcg and Pennant finished as
earned.
SIXTH RACE — On* and one-eighth miles;
handicap for three-year-oids and upward:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
3 to 1— Fox Hunter. 113 (Redfn) 2 1 1& 1 2%
3 to 1— Grailallo. 113 (J. Martin) 3 2 2 2 4
7 to 1— Cloverland. Ill (Odom).. 4 3 3 3 6
Time 1 :S3 2-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. N. Dyment's bay c. by Potomac-
Roctroee. High Chancellor. Carbuncle finished
as named.
Sixth race, peven furlongs, selling — Harry
Thatcher won. Capable second, Landseer third.
Time. 1:28.
Seventh race, one mile. selling — niowabo
won. J. V. Klrby second. Flourish third. Time,
1:41*.
. Second race, four anfl one-half furlons*,
purse — Mabel Bates won, Geo. P. McNear «ec
ond, Leah third. Time. :55%.
Third race, flve furlongs, selling; — Rosebud
won. Scorcher second. The Pride third. Time,
1:01%.
Fourth race, six fnrlonga. selllnr — Charlla
Fchweiier won. Gottlleben second. Crlgll third.
Time. 1:14%.
Fifth race, mile. Farewell handicap—1111
louon won. Gateway second, Hindoo Princess
third. Time. 1:40 (track record).
Seattle's Summer Meeting Ends.
SEATTLE, Ac*. <J.— The summer meeting
st The Meadowi ended to-day with the fol
lowing results:
First race, fire furlongs, selling — Uzzle Rice
•won, A'.gaxelta second. Calbello third. Time,
1:02.
NAHANT. Mass.. Aug. 6. — W. J.
Clothier defeated W. A. Lamed In four
sets In the final match to-day of the
invitation tennis tournament of the
Nahant Club, 6-5, 6-4. 2-6, 6-3.
Lamed Loses to Clothier.
MINNEAPOLIS. Minn.. Aug. 6. — H.
H. Bend of the Town and Country
Club of St. Paul to-day won the Trans-
Mlssissippi gold tournament from J.
L. Stewart of Omaha, 4 up and 3 to
play.
Bend Takes Golfing Honors.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO. Aug. 6.— Mabel Richard
son, an added starter, at as good as 40
to 1 in the betting, almost threw the
crowd at Harlem into spasms to-day
by winning the Maywood handicap by
a head from Gregor K, with Miss
Crawford third and the great filly To~
kalon, badly beaten, fifth. The May
wood was the feature race of a good
Saturday programme, six horses start-
Ing. Alma Dufour and Mabel Rich
ardson were added at the last moment.
Tokalon, of course, was an odds-on fa
vorite, 7 to 20 being the best price of
fered by the bookmakers.
Miss Crawford and Beau Ormonde
were the best liked of the others, each
going to the post at 8 to 1. Starter
Dick Dwyer got them away to a good
break, with Tokalon first to show in
front. She apparently was not at her
best, and instead of opening up her
usual gap merely led her field by a
margin of two lengths to the stretch,
where Miss Crawford and Gregor K
moved up like a team and challenged
her. The moment they drew alongside
the favorite she quit to a walk and fell
back beaten. Mabel Richardson, which
had been outrun in the early part of
the race, then came with a furious
rush and' nailed Gregor K right at the
wire.
It was a pretty finish that brought
the big crowd to Its feet. The time,
1:44 4-5, was within one-nfth of a sec
ond of the track record for the dis
tance. . • ¦'.
There was considerable gossip after
the race relative. to.; Mabel Richard
son's startling improvement. Just
twenty-four hours before, when at 1 to
2 In the betting, she was badly beaten
by a field of Inferior horses.
Flaxman was the only favorite to
win.
Sam and Ed. Wagner, respectively
president and manager of the "Worth
Jockey Club, had a great day. They
are reported to have cleaned up In the
neighborhood of $30,000. Summary: *
FIRST RACE— Six and a half furlongs;
three-year-olds and uj>; r»urs#:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
14 to 5— P. Finch, 102 (Nicol).. 3 3 h 1 Vi
i to 10— Delagoa, 107 (Henry).. 4 11^2 7
3 to 2— Walnamoinen. Io7 (Hflr) 2 2 1^3 3
Time. 1:19 3-6. Start good. Won driving.
W inner. L. T. Curtis & Co.'s ch g. (3) by Gold
Flnch-Philliita. Voila 100, Nannan 100, fin
ished as named.
SECOND RACE— Four and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds; handicap:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St ' % Fin.
6 to 2— Rain's Horn. 104 (N'icol) 6 2h 11
IS to 6 — B. Klnney, 95 (Knapp). 5 3 2 2 1
2 to 1— Mum, 106 (Henry).... 4 1 2%3 1%
Time. :63 3-5. Start good. Won handily,
winner, L. T. Curtis & Co.'s b. c. by Bute-
Aunt Tessa. Allen Avon 07. Subtle 100, Use
ful Lady 97, Bologna. 97. finished aa .named.
THIRD RACE— One mile- and 100 yards;
three-year-olds and up; May wood handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin
40 to 1 — M.Rchdsn, 106 (Mclntr). 8 5 3K1 h
15 to 1 — Greg-or K. 106 (Hflr) 8 2 U 2 1
10 to 1 — M. Crawford, 104 (Hnry). 4 3 1 3 nk
Time, 1:44 4-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. C. E. Rowe & Co.'s b. m. (5) by
Halma-Veneta, Beau Ormonde 111, Tokalon
113, Alma Duf our 88, finished aa named. -
FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs: three-year
olds: purse:
Betting:. Horse. Weight, Jockey. Bt. % Fin.
4 to 1— Bearcatcher, 1(M (Sheehan) 6 18 12
9 to 2— Ananlaa, 104 (Reed)...... I- 2 1^2 4
4 to 1— P. Sllverwlng8.104 (Hofler) 4 6 31
Time. 1:22. Start good. -Won easily. Win
ner, T. O. Ferguson's br. c. by St. George-
Sallle McAllister. White Plume 95. Monastlo
II 100, Kohlnoor 107. finished as 'named.
FIFTH RACE — One mile; four-year-olds and
upward; purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
3 tol— Prln. Tulane.102 (Mclnty) 5 3 1 1 h
11 to 6 — Blrchbroom, 102 (Felcht). 2 1 % 2 1
" to 2 — Incubator. 107 (Henry) . . 4 4 i$ 3 u
Time. 1:40. Start cood. Won driving-. Win
ner. James Curl's br. m. by His Higrhnes*-
Best Wishes. Talpa 104, Fonsoluca 106, Aloha
102. finished as named.
SIXTH RACE— Five furlongs; two-year-olds
purte:
Bettlnc Horse, Weight. Jockey. 8t % Fin.
8 to 10— Flaxman. Ill (Prior) ... 2 (Uiu
13 to 1— La Sagrltte. 88 (Sheehan) 3 6«21«
Sto 1— Intense. 98 (Knapp).J.. 4 2h 3 3
Time. 1:00 3-6. Start fair/ Won handily,
winner, C. E. Durnell's br. c. by Rough and
Ready-MUtral. Costlgan 104. Lady Ellison 98
The Pet 98. Happy Jack 101. Weberflelds 105
Irene O 93. Lady Fashion 102, Raining Leaves
102. Peter Durel 104, finished as named.
SEVENTH RACE— One and a sixteenth
miles: four-year-olds and up; selling-
Betting. Horse, Weight. JocVey. St. % Fin.
9 to 2— Celebration, 103 (Ftelcht) 9 3 114
2 to 1— Don't Ask Me. 94 (Per'ne) 8 7 3 2 2
8 to 1— Federal, 101 (Lawrence) 1 8 h 3 U
Time 1:471-5. Start fair. Won easily.
Winner, J. RobertRon'B ch. g. by Clear the
Way-Jubllatlon. Frivol (»6), Jake Green
bers <IO1) Rag Tag (108). Tancred (116), Ben
Chance (104), Sioux Chief (107). finished as
named.
JOCKEY CLUB STAJtES
ARE DULY ANNOUNCED
The $10,000 Burns . Handicap Again
Heads . the List of i Valuable
Racing Fixtures.
The New California Jockey Club Is
out with its announcement of the
stakes for the season which opens on
November 12.- As usual the $10,000
Burns Handicap will .be the richest
event. This will be run on February
4 of next year. , : . ¦
The Christmas Handicap and the
"Waterhouse Cup. have each. $3000
added. In addition to the stake races
there will be overnight handicaps and
special races with' from $500 to $1000
added. No purse during the meeting
will be less than $400. i Commencing
January 2 there will be two or three
races each week for two-year-olds.
DELHI, THE BROWN SON OF BEN BRUSH,
CAPTURES RICH GREAT REPUBLIC STAKES
WHALEN BLANKS THE COMMUTERS
AND BATS OUT THREE SAFE HITS
WALSH DECLARKD ELECTEr>— After two
nights' debate J. O. Walsh was declared
elected president of the Labor Council. A
blurred ¦ vote with two crosses, which was In
dispute, was finally awarded to- Walsh. That
gave.! him 112 to Benham's 141 and seated
him.
Pollok and the chauffeur were badly
bruised, but sustained no serious In
juries. The motor car was, almost a
total wreck and .had to be removed
from the scene of the catastrophe In
a truck. The machine is owned by
the Mobile Garage Company.
A huge automobile whirling in from
the beach before, the birds were
awake yesterday morning missed the
tunnel on the south drive near Boule
vard station In Golden Gate Park. It
crashed into the massive pillar near the
entrance. For several minutes the oc
cupants, Harry Pollok, Munroe's man
ager; a woman known as Margie
O'Brien and the chauffeur, James
Hayes, were mixed up in a tangle of
cog wheels and splinters. *
The wo:.mn fell head foremost and
was rendered unconscious. As soon
as Pollok and Hayes could extricate
themselves they . picked her up and
carried her to Sheehan's tavern, a
mile distant. Afterward she was re
moved to a sanitarium, where she was
found to be suffering from a slight
concussion of the brain. -;:*:
Benzine Baggy Misses Tunnel In the
Park and Is Badly
. Broken Up.'
MUNROE'S MAXAGER HURT
IX AUTOMOBILE WRECK
A team of sailors from British ves
sels lying in Oakland Creel: played \ a
friendly • match against an' eleven se
lected by the Rev.iS. H. Wingfield-
Dlgby, : chaplain of; the' Seamen's In
stitute, on the Adams ground hear San
Antonio estuary • yesterday, afternoon.
The creek sailors scored 7 5 runs, beat
ing the Seamen's Institute, ¦ who made
66, by nine runs.
Creek Tars Win Cricket Game.
- The lacrosse rria.tch between .the San
Francisco team and the Talagoos of
San Mateo that was to have' been
played to-day will not take place, the
Talagoos having forfeited the game.
An attempt" was made to arrange a
match between the San Francisco
team and the San Mateo club, but that
also fell through, the San- Mateo club
not being able, to get a' team together.
Taingoos Forfeit Xacrosse 3Intch.
HARBIN SPRINGS, Aug. 6. — There
have been strong men since the days
of the redoubtable Hercules of ancient
myth, but Jim Jeffries gave an ex
hibition of physical prowess Thursday
evening that makes the cleaning of
the Augean stables look like a Mon
day morning washing.
Mine host Jim Hays had a three
year-old steer that was down on the
card for a killing and a butcher from
MIddletown was on his way to pull off
the event. Jeff heard of the matter
and with several friends" determined
to dispose of the beef before the ar
rival of , the MIddletown expert.
Jeff took a shot with his j trusty
rifle and the steer's lamp went out.
A block and tackle was made fast to
the limb of a tree ¦ and -:the beef was
hoisted off the ground to be dressed.
After this operation had been per
formed Jeff's startling demonstration
of strength occurred. Getting a firm
hold of the carcass without any ap
parent effort he lifted it into a wait
ing wagon. The beef when cut up
and weighed In the kitchen scaled 510
¦ pounds.
Jeff continues his road and • gym
nasium work daily and is In great
form. He "will not allow. any one'to
know his ¦ weight and when brother
Jack attempted to. get a glimpse of the
balancing bar on the scales the other
day the big fellow hastened to shove
back the Indicator. ' •<¦
Champion Lifts Carcass of Beef
Weighing 510 Pounds and Places
It In. Wagon.
JEFFRIES' EXHIBITION
OF WONDERFUL) STRENGTH
less ''Acrobat beat Merry Go Hound,
18-4; Carlow Boy beat Belfast, 8-6; Sir
Winton beat Mark Twain, 12-8; Bright
Fortune beat Pure Pearl, 3-1; Fannie
Hughie beat Texas Mamie, 4-3; : Gal
lant Glancer beat May Tunnison, 6-4;
Courtly Guest beat Smiler, 11-7; Sllvei
Heels beat Aeolus, 6-0; Gunfire beat
Butte City, 22-6; imperious beat Fox
hunter, 12^6. . • . ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 7. 1904.
FAMOUS COLORS OF JAMES R. KEEN E CARRIED TO GLORIOUS VICTORY
When Slwashes Begin to Hit Angels
Have No Chance. «
LOS ANGELES.. Aug. 6. — Seattle
had no difficulty In 'defeating Los An
geles to-day, batting Hall so hard in
the fifth inning that, he was supersed
ed, by Gray. L09 Angeles started with
a rush, four men. bunting the ball In
succession. and scoring three runs be
fore Hughes could steady down. After
that, however, they could do little
with the visiting pitcher. Score:
Lo« Anreles — SeattI* —
A. R. B. P. A. A. R. B. P. A.
Chase.cf 3 10 10 VHta,cf ft 2 2 0 0
Br'shr.lb 4 1 1 11 1 Mohlr,2b 3 2 115
Smlth.3b 4 12 12 Dlhty,3b S O 1 S 1
Crvth.rf S 1 1 1 0 Frlsk.lr. 4 12 2 0
Flood. 2b 4 0 12 8 Bkn'p.lb 6 1 O 13 2
Tom'n,n 2 0 2 18 Smlth.rt 4 2 2 8 0
Ross, It 4 0 1.4 0 Hallos.. 40222
Spies, 0 8,0061 Wlsn, o 4 0 OS 1
Hall, p.. 2 0 0.0 0 Hughs,p 40002
' Gray. p. l-OOOl -
Eag'r.*.. 1 0 O 0 - 0 Totals.. 83 8 10 27 13
Totals.. iT 4 ~8 Z? 11 .' . '""
•Batted for Gray In the ninth.*
¦HITS AND RUNS BY INNINGS. "; '
Loa'Anjcelei ....3 0 0 O 0 10 0 0—4
Basa hits .....2*0 11 1 8 000—8
Seattle 0 0 115 10 0 0—8
Basa hits 1 1.1 15 10 0 0—10
• - . SUMMARY.. " , •
Stolen . base. Spies.. Errors, Blank
enshlp. Flood, Toman. Spies. Hits, off
Hall. 9: off Gray, 1. Two-bas» hits, "Van
Haltren, C. Smith (2), Toman (2). Sacrifice
hits, Cravath, Toman, . Brashear. ¦ First base
on errors, Los Angeles. 1: Seattle, 2. Left on
bases. Los Armeies, 6: Seattle. 6. Bases on
balls, off Hughes, 4; off Gray, 1. Struck out
by Hall. 2; by Gray, 1; by Hushes. 8. Double
plays. Mohler to Blankenshjp to - Delehanty,
Toman to Flood to Brashear. Brashear to
Spies to Brashear, Mohler to' Hall to Blanken
shlp.. Hit by pitched ball, Mohler. Time of
game, 1:45. Umpire, McCarthy.
DRIVE HALL TO THE BENCH.
Special Dispatch to The- Caa.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 6.— With the best
card of the meet the four days of har
ness racing closed here to-day. Mor«
than 3000 spectators were In attendance.
F. R. Garnsey's Murray M, driven by
TV. G. Durfee, won the three-year-old
trot In straight heats from J. H.
Vance's Geraldine, his nearest rival
The California stakes, 2:24 class trot
ting, brought out a field of ten horses,
and five heats were necessary before-
T. C. Cabney's Morosco won the last
heat In a driving finish with Abe Miller
a length behind. The first heat went
easily to Una K. which ruled favorite
until she broke hopelessly In the second
heat, after heading the* field to th»
three-quarter post, • the heat going to
Morosco, which won by a small margin
from H D B. The third heat went to
II D B by three lengths, with Little
Babe second. Una KT broke at the half
mile, but finished third. Morosco won
the fourth heat, winning a desperate
battle in the stretch with H D B.
The final race, the 2:14 pacing divis
ion, was won by Edwin S In straight
heats from Rey del Diablo. This was
the best race of the day, the deciding
mile being stepped in 2:03, the best
time of the meet. In the first heat the
big chestnut gelding took the lead at
the half-mile from Economizer and
beat out Rey del Diablo a length at the
finish. Economizer was third. Tho
horses finished in the same positions in
the second heat. I. C. Mosier*s Orna A
went to the front with a rush in the
third heat and set a merry clip for
Edwin S. which dropped back to fourth
place at the half. Omar A was not head
ed to the three-auarters and came
gamely down the stretch, fighting: every
inch of the way with Edwin S. which
came up with a rush. Just pushing his
nose under the wire ahead of the gritty
bay mare. Time. 2:03. Summary:
Breeders' Futurity, three-year-olds. trottScs
division, purse $2300, mils heats, best three
In five:
Murray M. by Hambletonian WKies
(W. H. Durfee) 1 1 1
Geraldine. by Zombro (J. H. Vance).. 2 2 2
Carlokin. by McKinney (E. I* Jones). 3 3 3
Time— 2:li»V4. 2:20H. 2:20.
The California stakes. 2:24 claza. trotttn*
division, purse $2000. mile heats, best thre»
in five:
Morosco. by Wayland (T. C. Cab
ney) 4 1 8 1 1
H D B. by Arthur Holt (F. E.
Wright) 2 2 1 2 3
Una K. by McKinney (W. 11.
Lumsden) 1 8 3 T t
Abe Miller, by Titus (I. C.
Mosler) S 3 4 3 2
Time— 2:1-114. 2:U»4. 2:13%, 2:17*4. 2:14.
2:14, class, paring stake, pu.-je $700. mils
heau. three in flve:
Edwtn S, by Dr. Hicks lit
Rey del Diablo, by Diablo (I. M. Al
vlao) , 2 2 8
Oraa A. by Dlctatus (J. C. Moster).... S 0 2
Cuckoo, by Dr.- Hicks fE. Daniels).... T » 3
Time— 2:11U. 2:11%. 2:08.
Ilnnt Defeats Belden at Tennis.
MINNEAPOLIS, Aug. 6. — Reuben
Hunt of California defeated Harry I.
Belden of Minneapolis to-day in the
finals in the Northwestern tennis tour
nament for the honor of challenging
the champion. Harry L. Waidner of
Chicago, by the score of 6-2, 6-2, 6-2.
Sculler Greer Defeats Titus.
ST. CATHERINES, Ontario, Aug. 9.
The Argonaut Club of Toronto cap
tured the majority of the events la
the second day's racing at the Can
adian Henley. An immense crowd
lined the banks of the course. In the
final of the senior single sculls Greer
was an easy winner over Titus.
Puff of Fame.
Justice Brewer is from Kansas, and
his State is Justifiably proud of him.
Soon after his elevation to the Supremo
bench a cigar manufacturer In Topeka
dedicated a ten-cent "domestic" cigar
to the Jurist, named It "Our Justice."
and on the cover of each box pasted a
portrait of Mr. Brewer.
A few years ago the Justice was la
Topeka on a business trip. The hotel
clerk recognized him, and the negro
bellboy, although he had no Idea who
the newcomer was, knew from the way
he was ordered about that the patron
was of some consequence. Going «p Jn
the elevator the negro stared constant
ly at the tall, dignified man.
Suddenly the black face was wreath
ed In smiles, and the boy said:.
" 'Scuse me. boss, but ain't you ds
gemmen dat invented dem 'Ouah Jus
tice* cigars?" £j
•This reminds one of the man who
was recalling famous persons who
"parted their names In the middle.**
"Arid then," he said, "there Is *E.
Pluribus Unum,' the man that makes
the bass drums." — Kansas City Jour
nal. -
The life of the locomotive is becoming
shorter "because of the heavier work
which It Is required to do.
Eugene v.Geary's old-time champion
greyhound Palo Alto is beginning to
feel hla years. The great son of Emln
Pasha waa#hut out pointless at Ingle
side Coursing;; Park' yesterday by • Val-j
ley Pride.' -The talent thought so little
of the latter's chances that they freely
laid two to one against' her. To their
surprise, 'she led from the slips, being
first to the hare and killing before Palo
Alto could get up.
There' were but four upsets • in the
betting on this stake, the favorites
winning consistently. The most pro
nounced upset was the defeat of- May
Tunison,'a one to four choice, by Gal
lant Glances. Of the dogs still" in the
stake Tralee Lass, Full Moon and Sil
ver Heels are expected to run well into
the t money. 1
The .most promising candidates for
stake., honors In the reserve, event are
Jerry Wright, Queen's .Motto and Miss
Brummel.-. \
The hares were an unusually strong
lot yesterday, several trials lasting
three minutes and necessitating the use
of relief dogs frequently. - >
The day's results, with Judge John
Grace's official scores, follow: . .j
Reserve Btake— McHer.ry . beat . Mel
rose, 1S-5; Her Boy beat Magic Stuff,.
10-4; Monbells beat Clobfell. 8-4;- Big
Klamath beat Firm Fellow, (i For
est Fire beat Kitty Did, 8-2; Jerry
Wright beat Smith, 9-3; Gallant Tip
perary beat Confusion, 12-4; Frisky
Boy beat Haddington, 8-4; Margueritte
beat Adeline Patti, 5-0; Lily Wright
beat Manru, 30-3; Hermit beat Presto,
5-2; Laboring Boy beat Wait For Me,
10-7; Queen's Motto beat Equator, 7-3;
Ouida beat Free Costa, 13-10; Lady
Menlo beat Irma Hotfoot, 6-0; Modesto
Boy beat Fancy Dress, 13-7; Topsy
.Turvy beat Dorothy M, 22-3; Sylvester
beat Virginia Boy, 3-2; Nellfo M a
bye; Red Hot withdrawn;* Chill Mara
beat Wedgewood, 8-4; Amorina beat
Summer Girl, 12-8; Lady Russell beat
Brentwood' Cricket, 10-4; Humbug beat
Agitator, 22-4; Real Pasha. beat Maid
o' the Glen, 9-6; Maid o' Gowrie beat
Trixsy, 1S-8; Haughty Helen beat Real
Duchess, 11-7; Budding Rose beat Col
ored Lady, 4-1; Templar Galantin beat
Roy Hughie, 10-8; Drifting Dawn beat
Craig Lad, 10-6; Frank Dunn beat
Brooklyn Town, 10-3; Tom Hurllck
beat Annadale, 7-3; Miss Brummel beat
7-4. . ¦ •-•.
Class stake — Tralee Lass beat Don
jPedro, 16-2; Queen of Isle beat Rural
'Artist, 4-3; General Dewet beat Lucky
Shamrock, 12-6;.. Little Plunger .beat
-Bonnie Pasha,; 6-0;- Golden- Fortune
beat Balendine, 8-6; Tralee Maid beat
"Boots, 14-7; Valley Pride beat Palo
.Alto, 3-0; Vina, beat Fortuha ; Anjge^.
6-4; Commercial Traveler beat Aurella,
17-12; Miss Florence beat Royal Friend,
6-0; Doreeri beat Young Johnny Rex",
7-5; Shotgun beat Aerodah, 14-12;
;Full Moon beat Frisky Barbara, 5-0;
Sunny Bouth beat Eastlake, 28-7; Reck-
34
ADVERTISEMISXTS.
ADVKKTLSEMEyTS.
tSKIN DISEASES
THe Outcropping of Bad Blood.
While not always painful these are aggravating bevoni
expression. With few exceptions they if wSeXswSS
n5S^^2? ff making extra efforts to throw off the
SwSf -u ?™ acc , umula ted during the winter months
ceivable kind m^feSJl "* »*« Md Cra P tioaS « e^ ?o|
pearance, and Eczema and s. s. 8 i> m. ff^ n «-A?^ 10 ' A_ u f««t fl, 1903.
twin £*» of JgjW^WSg'fftfSrtiaaiSS.'S
skin diseases — Nettle Rash, elTe «ren«th to the system and tona to all tho
usually remain quiet during troubled with an itching skin eruption on the
the cold weather, break out e '" d ,! ri 1 fJ?^ e S I la i i ¦>¦ * ad m , an y remedies to
afresh to torment and dis- SJMST i5K£ S i K"»St?SKSSSSS2'
tract by their fearful burn- of this eruption. I think a trreat deal of your
insr itching and stinffin? 2»«diclne, believing it to be the best blood puri-
a ' 1U " ,°j o o °" u S lu B« fi er ari d tonic known to the world to-day.
A course of S. S. S. now will ums. PEAKK eoenee,
purify and enrich the blood, l33 0 East Serenth St.
S reinforce and tone up the general system, and
|^^[ iC^ carry off the bodily impurities through the proper
V^^ channels. The skin, with good blood to nourish it,
K«^J t*^/ remains smooth and free of all disfiguring eruptions.
K +<i^ Send" for our book on diseases of the skin, and write
ns if you desire medical advice or any special information, , This will cost
you nothing. THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, GA.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I DR. 0. C. JOSLEN, j
H The Leading Specialist i
I "Weakness" 1
There is no treatment other than my H
own original local treatment that com- I
pletely and: permanently cures 1 func- ?
tlonai "weakness In men. It cures by M
removing the cause, and no other H
treatment removes the cause. m
Varicocele |
I cure Varicocele without cutting, pain H
or caustic, and I- cure every -case- 1 H
treat. My method Is" Ju«t as -different ¦
from the old and ordinary as my treat- ' B
meht for "weakness" Is different' from' I
the usual stimulating process, -which \ ¦
never cured, but my methods -In- 1 H
variably result in - perfect restoration M
to health. • • g
Contracted Disorders |
I cure you in half the time that §j
others require, and you're sure' that H
your cure Is thorough. . Never has -one ra
of my patients had a j relapse after I 1|
had dismissed him as cured. &4
I II NEVER EXPERIMENT? |
9 AND CONSEQUENTLY 1
I HAVE HO. FAILURES^ >|
II . X also cure with unvarying: M
M : success Stricture, Specific Blood EJ
9 Poison, Spenuatorrhea, _ Xiost H
H and' all reflex ailments. H
H Those finding It Inconvenient or im- B|
b3 '" possible to call in person should write W
II a full. and complete description of their RJ
n symptoms. Their letters will receive ¦ H
B| ¦ my prompt" and careful attention/ All <H
y% consultation strictly confidential. |1
¦ My Colored Chart, explaining men's h
H diseases, is helpful In making a home N9
M diagnosis, and is-free for the asking. H
B . • My teem are fair; my -cures I ra
g * are permanent, and yon can ' §1
1 pay me when satisfied that yon S
R are well. •', ¦ ' ¦
DR.O.GJOSLEN
II. Cor. Kearny and Market Sta. S
H Private Entrance. 702 Market «t. •
H • Office "Hours— 9 a." m.* to 4:30 p. m. K
H and 0:30 to 8:50 p. m. Sundays 10 If
¦ to 1 only. " . . ¦" n
¦ -—'¦'—¦ ii in ¦ II ¦iiimi mm in i—iii II—- "ho {ruins distinction in the strenuous world
¦ p8Sffii3rCT^^ES£?g£?y^Tt^ nt buswessi. accomplishes that result because
**\yjavg ILa vMfflzJr^ 01 su P erior cacr ey aad vitality.
|^^^P^O=P=C suspensories
1 BbSlB fltlS^^^ sustain vitality and savt energy. Thire is no immediate difference be-
SamBMP^ tween the energy of the man \\Ii» Hoes wear an (J-P-C and the man who
fwrsMnBF"'^ does not, just as there is not much difference at first between the man who
\&&r takes a thirty inch step and he who steps a quarter inch more, but there u '
HfP^ a big difference in a very thort time. Wear an O-P-C susper.sory thirty days aad
pp^ know. O-P-C suspensories are sold by nearly all dnissrists. No doubt your drucsist
has them. We assure you it will be to your interest to insist upon the O-P-C. If your
r dealer will not supply you. tend to us. No. a O-P-C. lisle. $ixo ; No. 3 O-P-C, sillt, $1 50.
The Mark of tho Master." an interesting booklet, civics reasons why every «n« should ¦»
wear an O-P-C suspensory, sent free upon request. I
Bauer & Black asj Twenty.nfth street. Chicago, U.S.A. ITO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. ~ Due.
Coron.do.... San Pedro Tug. 7
Cb«rj Nelson. San Pedro Aug. 7
Newburg ... Grays Harbor Aug. 7
Centennial... Seattle & Tacoma Aug. 7
Ar »°, Eel River Ports Aug. 7
Arctic Humboldt. Aug. 7
T^ti lder " Portl «nd 4 Astoria.... Au*. 7
G. Dollar.... Gray, Harbor Aug. S
Ra,-nse» Seattle Aug. S
*£?',£•• Newport tc Way Ports. Aug. 8
DelNorte.... Crescent City Aug. 8
B^°wV£:: D B« e y 0&w * yPts :^i- 1
nZ°£im-'\ S oInt Arena * Aiblcn:: Aug.' 9
S-Sa r :::::: SSSB.a*tS^E'll 1
Centralia.... San Pedro ... I! AuT 10
Wyefield Nanalmo .....'auZ' 10
Kt. Paul Nome & St. Michael*"' Aur 10
City Peking.. New York via Sn '.'. lug. 10
San Pedro... San Pedro ?u| li
AureiU Portland ft Astoria.'.'/. Aug 10
S. Barbara... Seattle & Olympia Aut. 11
Point Arena.. Mendodno &. Pt. Arena Auk 11
Santa Ro*a.. San Diego & Way Pt»! Aug' 11
Pomona...... Humboldt Aug" 1*>
Arcau... Coos Bay & Pt. Orford Aug. Vi
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria. ...| a ur 19
North Fork. . Humboldt Aur ' 12
Coos Bay I San Pedro & Way Pts. Aug! \-
S. Monica....! Grays Harbor;.. Aug 13
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports.... Aug 14
G. Llndauer..' Grays Harbor Aug! 14
Sequoia J Willapa Harbor Aug. 14
Alliance I Portland St Way Ports. Aug ,17
SanJose |New York via Ancoa..lAus.l3
Movements of Steamers.
Lnlted States Coatt and Geodetic Survey—
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of t hi
Superintendent.
NOTt>-The high and low Waters occur at
the city frout (Mission-street wharf) about 23
minutes later than at Fort Point: the height
of tide Is the same at both places. UCJ « nl
SUNDAY. AUGUST'.'
; Sun rises 5-18
Sun pets .'¦'.'.'.'.'J.'.'Y-li
Moon rises l:*12'a' Vn
H ITlmel " jTime iTImej prime!
• 1 Ft. I 1^ | Ft. -— Ft.'
» |L \\\ 1H \V |L W| |H w(
7 1:55| 0.31 8:.%5 3.71 1381 2.7|~7:40| 5.6
8 2:««-O.2! 9:47 4.1J 2:27| -j.7 S:.!^ 5.S
9 3::a— 0.6iI0:35 4-5)3:22 2.6i 0:30 6 0
10 4:17!-- O.6 ! ll:1rt 4.8J 4:11 2.4110:21 60
11 | 5:02i— O.S!11:57| B.W :,.l<2 2.2|U:1S ft.9
12 | 5:«| 0.6,'I2:36| 5.2] 0:52 l.S|
i f ___ ;
NOTTi — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
band column of th» successive tides of the
<Say In order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column given the last tide of the
cay, except when there are but three tides, as
I kometlmes occurs. The heights given are In
, udditlon to the soundings of the United States
j Co*M Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
| *lgn precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth fflvcn by
the chart*. The plane of reference Is the man
cf the lower low waters. .
China Departs for the Orient.
The Pacific Mail Company's liner
China, Captain D. E. Friele, sailed
yesterday for the Orient. Owing to
British Columbia Salmon PacU.
The British Columbian salmon papk
for the season just closed will not ex
ceed 221.300 cases. The catch last
season was 473.547 cases.
Th<» time bail on the tower of the Fern
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day—
I. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at
8 p. m. Greenwich' time. J. C. BURNETT
'OJeutenant. U. S. N.. in Charge.
•
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Branch Hydrcsraphlc Office. U. S. N.. Mer
chants" Exchange, San Francisco Cal..
August «. 1904.
Time Itall.
ARRIVED. • i
•Jtmr Pomona. £«?S8E2^ L-
Mmr a \ ar^iK W ' b ' r - ® hours from Eureka
Port nx.ger^. Urn " Thom P-^". 1 "ours from
PedVo 1 " F "' ion ' Pan^ r - 5* "ours from San
rrom m cie J o a nT S B "' RBlns ' ™**"- 15 hours
ens'EaJnng!* 1 *' ] ° hoU ™ 'rom ¦ Bow
¦*•££?"" Alcazar ' Wlnkel - 1= hours from Green-
Stmr Whiteeboro, Olsen. 14 hours from Point
Arc ii3.
cS2£ South Coast - Olsen - 15 hours fro1 "
Creek"^ Ce " a " Nordber8r - 21 houra Hardy
Stmr Arcata, Macgcnn. .13 houra from Coos
Bay, via Port Orford 44 hours
Bc b a t r tnr Ha t rbor nWO ° d ' W * lv[g - io hou "
Stmr Coron'ado, Peterson. 45 hours from «an-
Pedro.
Br fctmr Doric. Smith. 2S days 17 hours S
min from Hongkong, via Yokohama !« days
15 hours 13 mln. via Honolulu 5 days 21' houra
43 mln.
Schr Jennie Griffin. (Jibson. 3 hours from
Bollnas.
«^S?. r '*! S Hedneld, Hutton. 7 days from
MUKilt^O.
Schr Ket.Hie K. SUrk, IB hours from San
Vicente Landing. .
Fchr Orient. Saundera. 5 days from Grays
Harbor.
Schr Annie Larsen, AVhite. 6'/4 days from
Taroma.
Schr A M Baiter, Isaacson. 7 days from
Bellingham.
Kchr Guide. Olsen, 5. days from Grays Har
bor. direct. ,
CLEARED. -
... ' />; : '* ; ' ..I' Saturday. August 6.
Stmr Coon Bay. Johnson. San Pedro; Pao
VOflSt O h 1-0.
Stmr Alameda. Dowdell, Honolulu 1 ' J n
Spreckeln & Bros Co.
tJ!i mr SS^'-^S? Hon **°"Z »nd Honolulu;
w^o £ lt f ot s > Jn *l". Zeeder, Ancon; Pao
Mall b a ' c
Stmr Curacao. Poulsen, Guaymas; Pac Coast
Nor stmr Tltania. Fover. Ladygmlth^ and
Nanalmo: Western Fuel Co
Br ship Norma. McLaughlin. Melbourne- J
J Moore &. Co. '
SAILED.
'stmr Hedondo. Krog. 8^^ AU * USt 6 '
Htmr Asuncion. Bridgett. Ventura.
Stmr Fulton, Panzer. Hardy Creek
Stmr Eureka, Jes»en Eureka.
Stmr Alameda. Dowdell. Honolulu
. Stmr Argyll. 'Gllboy. Honolulu.-
Stmr City of Sydney. Zeeder. Ancon.
Stmr China, Frlele.^Honolulu and Hon-kon-
Stmr Mandalay. Smith. Eureka.
Stmr Samoa, Madsen. Caspar. - -
Stmr Point Arena. Miller, Mendodno
Stmr Westport.- Smith. Westport.
Stmr Newsboy,- Adler. Crescent City
Stmr North Fork, Nelson. Eureka,
Nor 6tmr Tltania, Foyer, Ladysmlth and Xa.
nalmo.
Bktn Tarn O'Shanter. Simmie. Coos Bay
Schr Alpha. Jensen. Grays Harbor
Schr Ottillie Fjord. . Bosch, Eureka."
TELEGRAPHIC. :V. '
POINT LOBOS— August 6 10 p tn— Weather
focry; wind SW: velocity 10 miles aa hour.
CORRECTION. .
Sailing yesterday ; from • Grays Harbor of
stmr G C Llndauer was an error.
SPOKEN. , .
July 27 -{no position given)— Fr bark Gen
eral de Sonls. from Antwerp for. San Fran
clsco.
.DOMESTIC PORTS. . .
SEATTLE— Arrived Aug 6^ 3 a m— Stmr
Oregon. • from Nome. ¦ ¦ ¦ , ;
Arrived Aug 6— Stmr Umatilla. hence AurS
stmr Farallon,. from Ekagway. ,
Shi pi ling lntelligfence.
TO SAIL.
Steamer. | Destination. Sails.) Pier.
• AUffUBt 7. I
Cvonado...: Grays Harbor 4 pmlPier 10
Coos Bay... 1 San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Curacao Mexican Ports 10. am Pier li
S. Rosa San Diego & Way. 0 am Pier 11
AufUit 8. |
I Elizabeth..! roqullle River | B pm'Pier 20
Montara... Seattle direct | 4 pm Pier 9
C. Nelson.. Humboldt 110 amlPier 20
; Argo Eel Iilver Ports...! 4 pmiPIer 2
*J U "" ' Paget sound Ports. |11 am|Pler »
Pomona Humboldt |l:U0 p|Pier y
Artat * Cous B. &. Pt. Orfd) 2 ptnlPkr U
Augrust 9. ! |
1 * nioa Los Angeles Ports.jlO amTier 2
Mar1po£a...j Tahiti direct !ll axniPitr 7
! Au*n«t io. | |
O. Dollar...; .j r ay» Harbor | 4 pm!Fi«>r 20
Centralia.. Qrajra Harbor I 4 pm|Pi«r 1«»
Arctic I Huinboldt !8>'am!Picr 'J
U. W. "Elder] Actorla & PortlandlM am|Pier
breakwater Coc 3 Bay ;! o pm|Picr S
AUffUit 11. I |
S. Barbara.! \^ s Angeles Ports. | 1 pmTier •_*
tlur*ka..i. Humboldt . . .. j 9 am|PI*r IU
Porno , pt. \r-na & Alblonl <i pnnPier 2
Neu'burc...| CSraya Haibor I 4 pmjPier io
Corona Huinboldt ;1 :i:0 pjPlcr U
Bomta..... > e «ix>rt & WVy... « ain|PIer II
Centennial . Seattle A Tacotn*. 5 pmiPIer V'J
State of Cal San Difgo &. V.ay. 0 jjmjrier 11
August 12. | |
Ramses Hamburg A- \Vsy..|rj mlPi^r 19
Kainier Seattle A Bellnghml 4 pm|Pier
Angnst 13. I I
I't. Arena., point Arena | 4 pmjPier 2
Newport... , ji. y. via Anccn.|lU m| Pier 40
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports 11 amiPicr J
Aurelia....; AMoria & Portland .. iPjtr —
Aujpurt IS. —\ | •
North rork. 1 - Humboldt ...| 5 pm|Pier 20
Columbia.. : Aatoria & Portlandlll amli'ier it
AujTist 18. I ;
Ventura... Sydney «: Wa.v . .'. .1 2 pm|PIer 7
t»"rlc j <;hlna & Japan 1 1 pm'PIir 40
imatilla..., Pugni Sound Portslll am[Plor a
St. Paul... j Nme & St. Mlchaflj 2 pm|Pier —
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. , • Destination. j Sails.
Jefferson Skagway A Way Ports. |Tiig~
Humboldt.... Kkagway & Way Ports lAur «
rf Son Nome & St. Michael. ..lAug Io
Eel "t n » Seldovia & Way Ports. Lug' 10
\alencia... Skagway & Way I«6rts.|Au;;. H)
Dolphin Skagway & Way Pcrta.lAug 12
Santa Clara.. Valdez & Seward Aug 12 1
<»aronne Nome direct Aug' 15
EantaAna... Seldovia &. Way Ports \u-' 10
Hongkong — H. Albers. G. P. Anzino,
Dr. A. Andersonn and daughter, Leo
tlms Cord de Cruz, J. B. Emrnal. Moses
D. Flint. R. B. Genato Alfred S.
Goody. R<?v. William Harris Jr., Mrs.
William Harris and infant. Perry C.
McDonnell. William A. Preuitt, Frank
Schutte. Miss M. A. Spicer. P. W.
Sutterle, Mrs. F. W. Rutterle. F. W.
Sutterle Jr., R. E. Walters, Rev. W.
Whitmee.
.Shanghai — G. Arnell. \ Mrs. S, M.
Burdick. P. Herrera de Huerta, Mrs.
P. Herrera d*» Huerta. J. Johnson.
Miss Marie Loehr. Miss Mabel May*
fi«Hd. Miss M. B. Mennie. A. Nathan
nohii, G. T. Poole. Mrs. G. T. Poole,
Miss Sarah T. Rhett. Rev. C. A. Stan
ley. Mrs C. A. Stanley, E. Schulze,
Miss V. Velter, Miss C. Julia Yen.
ICobe — Miss M. V. Garner. M. J.
Geary. Mrs. M. J. Geary. Z. Morlya,
C. K. Srhneely. Miss Ida I... Shannon.
Yokohama — K. J. Allen. W. B.
Dyers. Kev. C Tt. Calleiider. C
R. Calender and two children. Hugh
Jones. S. Kajima, S. Mlnekishl, C.
Xaknniura. W. R. Weak ley, Mrs. W.
n. Weak ley, C YokoyamH. ,
For Honolulu — Mrs. F. S. Bodefeld
and child. Governor G. R. Carter, Mrs.
*i. R. Carter, two children and maid.
Miss LI. Coleman. Mrs. J. T. Crawley
and three children, D, A. Dowsett,
Mrs. D. A. Dowsett, Mrs. B. K. Dwij-.c,
Captain John Eua.- Mrs. John Ena,
John Ena Jr.. Miss Mabel Ena, Robert
Hind. P. 1^. Home. Mrs. V. L. Home
and two children. Dr. L. Hutcbinson,
Montague Lord. G. D. Mahone, L. L.
McCandl^ss, . Mrs. " L. L. McCandless,
A. M. Novell. Mrs. A. M. No well and
infant. C G. Owen, Mrs. C. G. Owen,
R. K. Paxton, Miss M. K. Taplln, W.
D. Tyler. *
the fact of sailing the same day as the
Alameda, the China's Honolulu pas
senger list was slim. She carried pas
sengers, but no freight, for Japanese
ports.
Among those that sailed on her
were the following named:
OCEANIC UNER ALAMEDA AND THE PACIFIC MAIL • STEAMSHIP CHINA.
WHICH DEPARTED YESTERDAY FOR HONOLULU AND THE ORIENT.
AND THE DORIC. WHICH ARRIVED FROM THE FAR EAST.
Sailed Aug 6. II a m — Stmr City of Puebla, I
for San Francisco. i
IIARDV CREEK — Sailed Aug 5— Stmr Celia i
for San Francisco
NEEDLE ROCK— Sailed Aug 5— Stmr
Marshflrld for fan Franclaco. i
ASTORIA— Arrived Aug 6— Bktn Fullerton, !
from Seattle. !
REDONDO— A/rived Aug «— Stmr Geo
Loomls. hence Auar 4; strar Homer, from Seat- j
tie via San Fram-lsco. I
SOUTH BENl» — Sailed Auj 6 — Schr Jas H
Bruce, for b'an Pedro. |
COOS UAY— Arrived Aug 6— Stmr Break
water, lienee Aug" 4. . !
-GRAYS HABHOn— Arrived Aus 6— Stmr
Olympic, hence Aug 3.
Hailed July o— Sohr A Ki Cbatea. for n*
dondo. Aug 6 — KJktn Portland, for San Pedro.
Arrived Aug (j— Stmr Hania Muntoa lieno*
Augr J. .
EL'KEKA— Arrived Aug 0— Stmr Corcna he
Aug 5.
Called Aug" C~ Stmr Arctic and bkrn Amelia,
for San Kraneisoo. . .
TATOOSH — ParEO'J in Aug «— U S stmr Hu
ford from Alaska.
Passed out Aug »;— 5ohr I,udlow. for San
Pedro: Br ttr.'.r Wyefleld, for San l-'mnclsco;
sttnr Pon'and from S.attie for L'ua;*.
KAN PKDKO-- Arrived Aug <>~Stmr San rv
dro. Urnce Aug 1; sthr Cecelia Sudden, from
Willapa Harbor,
Sailed Aug C— Stmr Bonlta, for San Kran
clsco.
SAN DIEGO— Sat Ud <Aug C— Stmr Coquilla
River, for Crcs.-nit City.
A.BEKDEEN— Sailed Aur .«— Sclir Chas li
Wilson, for San Francisco; s<-hr A F Coatts,
tor RrdonrJo.
Arrived Aub ij-- St;nr Santa ilonlca, bruco
Aus o.
ISLAND POUTS.
HoNOLfl.r— Arrived Aug «— U S stmr
Sheridan from Manila for San Krarn-isco.
Aujf &-- 'Hark Grcrpr Curtis, hence July *JJ.
Ang *i~ Hark Kalulani. licnce July 21.
Sailed Aus .l-CjrV. Charmer, for Port
TowiiK^ud ; sbii> Crrat Admiral, for Port
Townnerid. - . ¦
S . -i ¦ lOKKIO'N FJORTS. ..
PIUWLB POINT — Passed Auar r. — Br ship
Sprlngburn. from Cusliaven for Santa Rofaliii.
NpWCAWTliK, NSW— Sailed Aug &— Ship
KIweM, f t> r fan Francisco.
Tt*lNTAUr»To f»II Auk 7— Dktn Jane L
S.anf'.rd. for I'urt Towns-end.
APAPVLCO— Sailed Atuc 5— Stmr City cf
Peking, for San Franelsto.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK- Arrived Aug f-Stmr riilla
dfiphta. trom Southampton,
Sailrd 'Aug 0 — htmr St l'atil. for Soulhamp^
ton via Plymouth; stmr fmbria. for Liver
pool: stmr Kroonland. for Antwerp via Dover;
stmr Minnehaha. for London; ttmr Furnessla,
for Ulaf-Kow; stmr Koenlgen Luise. for Naples
and Genoa.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Aug 6— Stmr Luca
nia from New York.
Arrived Aug 0— tftinr Tunisian, fm Montreal
and Quebec.
Sailed Auk •>•- Ktmr Etruria. for New York.
MOVILLK— Sailed Aus <i — Stmr ColumbiH,
from <;iaj-(tow for N«>w York.
LONDON — Sailed Aug « — Stmr Me«aba. for
New York. ¦-
CHERROURG— Sailed Aug *5— Stmr Ger
manic from Southampton for New York.
BREMEN— Sailed Aug- 0— Stmr Uaibarossa.
for New York via Southampton.
HAVRE — Sailed Au; «— Stmr La Touraine,
for Glasgow from New York. .
GLASGOW— Sailed Aug t>— Stmr Lakonja. for
Montreal.
BOULOONn— Sailed Aug 6— Stmr Hamburg.
for New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived Aug «— Stmr New
York, from New York via Plymouth and Cher
bourg. . .^ . .
At an old horseshoe nailed on the
wall near his bed the dead eyes of
Adrien Portal were staring yesterday
afternoon when the landlord of 131 1
Stockton street entered the window by
the fire-escape and found the room
filled with the fumes of illuminating
gas. The suicide had worked for per
haps an hour to render the room gas
tight before he lay down on the bed to
die. " ,
Early in the forenoon Jennie Angos
turas, a chambermaid, had met him
coming upstairs from the street with
an armful of laths. Three of these
laths were used to keep in place Por
tal's vest, with which he had plugged
up a. hole in the ceiling. There was a
large crack in the door, and this was
stuffed with Portal's trousers, also kept'
in place with laths. Another crack in
the door was plugged with rags held
by thw remaining laths.
On Monday last Portal- borrowed a
dollar from Philippe Maysonnade, the
landlord, and when his coat pockets
were turned out yesterday by Deputy
Coroner Michael Brown a small bottle
full of laudanum was found. None of
the contents had been swallowed.
Portal was a gardener, 56 years old,
and came from Lesbessons, France.
Rigs Laths Ingeniously to
Stop Up All Crevices
With Clothes and Bags
ABANDONS LAUDANUM
Adrien Portal Makes Sure
That No Gas May Escape
and Thwart His Purpose
•"'The Occidental .and Oriental Steam
ship: .Company's liner Doric arrived
ftsttf.day from the Orient. She
trough i -4^ cabin passengers, 24
passengers and 290 Asiatics,
fit -Al'hom CS were Japanese, 253 Chi-
Jiese and 1 Korean. The Doric's cargo
<jf 3.H3 ions includedl3. 554.^ chests of
tea, 1>2Q tuxles of raw silk and 400.000
[Japanese gold yen. valued at $200,000.
There was also a lar^e shipment^ of
jriecrcbnd 1133 rolls of matting.
":• YU<j sailing of Japanese chartered
Missels was stopped by the Yokohama
ii-utht> rilies the day the Doric left the
3£pajtese port owing to the Russian
•VJadiV.ostok fleet being reported oft!
tht» V-oosU The people on the Doric
Vujw u'one of the Russian warships, but
tbe- ©team of searchlight signals was
fttjx t.he first night out.
'•¦¦-The D*irie met the Korea about 600
ttfildt from Yokohama? The Pacific
.Maih liner was too far away for com
rJuiiitration or Captain Seabury would
JiSve* t»een warned to look out for the
•lipstile fleet.
..\.The Doric dressed ship in honor of
;.tie Fourth, of July, which was spent
At l&msrkong. Five United States tor
j?e/<lo-bout destroyers were in the har
t)dT"and the commander of the flotilla
K^nt.-an officer on board the Doric to
thartk Captain Smith for his courtesy
iii ijecognizing the American anni
versary. About fifty members of the
American colony at Hongkong were
entertained at luncheon on board the
Doric" and on the evening of July 7
the officers of the liner gave a dinner
t4 tire commander and officers of the
mosquito fleet.
.•Among the passengers on the Doric
Tvere.r C. L. Gorham. formerly acting
of the Harriman lines at Hong
kong, now in charge of the disinfect
ing jilant in which all Asiatic passen
gers..are fumigated; Lieutenant Com
fn'ander J. G. Doyle of the navy, late
ejterutive officer of th«> Wilmington;
Ltman Mowry, a San Francisco law
>:*>,* J. W. Jobling. attached to the
JLi&pratory maintained at Manila by
trie :.insular government, and Pro
ifssor W. H. Munro of Brown Uni
•v<;rsK>V who has been putting in a
year's, *'acation in seeing the world
4? It is."
•iThe Doric landed 235 Japanese at
J:Idnqlulu.
! The passengers were:
" J. C. Alston. Mrs. J. C. Alston, Mrs.
Austen, H. E. Athearn, J. Bacot. P.
riacoi. J. A. Brandon. H. J. Brown,
hr. Mary L. Burnham, Rev. E. E.
P.ynim. R- C. de Candolle. E. S. Cap
r>vl. Mrs. C. S. Coy. H. E. da Silva.
T.jeutenant Commander J. G. Doyle,
T'. s. -X.; Corale de Fersen, Dr. John
EJtjren- Hector Fuller. A. F. Grisar. C.
t, : <;brliain, Mrs. C. L. Gorham, W. M.
r.icdwi'w, Mrs. Alice Hudson, W. H.
>!ow^rd. .i?. Iwamolo, J. W. Jobling.
GpotJte A. Moore. E. G. Morris. Lymaii
l. : Jlc}wry. Professor AV. H. Munro, Y.
N^ik-Hjima. W. Ii. Peck, C. A. School
r^stf-r. i. C. Scigfried. K. Soda. W". H.
sbffr.ey. -11. J. h'ueh. Anthony M.
f^ntgaii. ten. R. B. Snitcher. Dr. F.
«>- i^- Sander?. S. Tanal»c>. S. Tejima,
J>V°. Toy. M:^? Jennie Vail, Miss It.
•\V.esin;t.~
— •
•'Aiamcda Sail> for Honolulu
lifter -Alameda. Captain Dowdell, sailed
5*e«taxt»y "for Honolulu. Among the
piumeutgeni was Alexander Craw, for
mer" jftiuruntine inspector at this port
for ttie State and Federal Horticul
1 ura/ -'department*-". Craw's splendid
v(;r|;-.:ii this port attracted the at
r^ntityi of the Territorial government
and Jif jroes to Hawaii at a. salary
twice, .;<s .large as his services here
parm$ him.
?Governor Carter, who also sailed
veMerViay for Honolulu, but on the
Pa. '13 : :Mf«il lin«?r China, said that al
thoujsb ('raw's salary might seem
prinraly in view of the island gov
cvnrrr*?nt"s present policy of retrench
rnent." it was felt that services such
as Crsvv had rendered here were cheap
af-ariy price and pa«t experience had
tcld'-the Hawaiians that the largest
«?;lary la -s-mall compared with the
pnft/eetioti of :»n effective quarantine
against harmful parasites.
Cra^v Iraves behind him a whole
dtS fnll .'.'f friends, who are as sorry
to lo?e him as they are pleased that
•his worth has received substantial
recognition.
.Th'e 'Alameda's passengers included
the following named: Miss E. I.
Ailken. Mrs. E. Au^sberger. Miss H-
O_ Buck. Alexander Craw, Mrs. Craw.
T..C: Davies, J. B. Freitas, Mrs.
Freitas. H. S. Honigsberg. C. H. Me-
Bride, W. F. Marshall, Reginald Mar-
Khali." Miss L. Melvin. Miss M. Pea
body. Mirs V. B. Raefle, J. H. Ross^
M-rs. Ross. Mrs. A. E. Sands. Mrs. J.
M.- Smith, N. K. Spencer. O. H. Swezey.
Mrs. Swezey, o. G. Traphagen. J. D.
Tucker, Miss Charlotte P. White.
SUICIDE GAZES
ON HORSESHOE
STEAMSHIP DORIC BRINGS VALUABLE CARGO OF TEA
AND RAW SILK FROM PORTS OF THE FAR EAST
THE?-SAN FRANCISCO GALL/ SUNDAY, AUGUST 7, 190*.
35
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
y /^t~ M**s. ¦ Trm ' nt !•*?• suid are da«
to arrive st
(^L^^\2\ SAN FRANCISCO.
N> »3^ (Toot of Market Street.)
t,,«T, , MAIN LINE. -aw^T
7 00a V«e»TiUe. Wmtert. Bam$ey_ T5J5
7 00a Ttenlcla. E'ni!r»»nJ Sacramento.. 7.M»
7JPAV»lleJo. N»p*. Callttosa. 8aaU
r.o»*. Marlines. Saa IUmoa..._ §.2Q»
730a yv.tM.Tncj. tjitarop. Sutckroa.... 7.23*
».0CASh««t* KxpreM— <V1» . D»»!i>.
WintaoM (for CarUatt Sprlng>\
Wlliowa. trrvto. Ued DluS,
Portland. Tscoro*. Seattle 7-SC"
I CCA D«»1i. Woodland. lCnlzbta Lnodtog.
Mirj»»ll!e. Cti'co. oroti::a 74SC*
8-SCa Tort Coata. Martinez. Aatloch.
Byron. Tracr. Stockton, New-
Mao. Los Banes. M and ota,
Arrnon*. Baaforit. VI •alia. -*
Porterrir.o 4.2C»
I.30A Fort Cotta. Modesto. Uereed.
Freiao. Gos&tn Jaaetlos. llaa-
ford. VUalla. nakersneld 4 50 •
t-8CA S Uei, S*:i Jose, LUcrmure. Stocte-
too.(tMlltoD). loae. Sacraanento.
MaryavUle. Chlco. Ked Blu3 .... 4.20s*
• •JCa Oakdale. Chliieae. Jameatowa. So-
nora. Tnoluma^ and Angels 4-20p
• 00a Atlantic ExpreM— Oftdea «nd Eui. 5 20p
9 30a Btclurioa I. Martinez aad Way
Stations 850*
lOXOATbe OTerload Limited — t»jrden.
Oinaba, CBlcaeo. Denver. Kantaj
City. St. Louis 8.20f>
1000a Vallejo.. : 12-20*
IO.COa Los Aatelea Pataenzer — Port
Coita, Martlaei, Byron. Tracy, »
Latarop. Stockton. Uereed, •'
Rajaond. Kre»ao. Goshea Jnno-
tlon. Haa'ord. Lemoore. Vlulla.
Bakerifielv. Los Ancsles 7.2Q»
t J.3C«i Hayward. Nile* aad IVay Station*. 3.20*
11-COp Sacramento Elrer Stemmera ti LOOP
iZCP Benlela. Wiater*. Saerameoto,
Woodland. ATHioTt. Knight*
Landing. MaryiTllle, OtotIII*
and way tUtlons 10504
S-20t> Hayward. Ktlea and V7»j Sutionj.. 7 50>»
4 CCp Uartlnex.San Bamou.Vallejo.Kapa.
CallKtoga, 8»nt» Roia. 923*
4 OCPNliet. TracT. Stockton. Lodt 4.20»
4 30* Bay ward. Ntlea. lrrlnstott, San) »S.63*
Joae. Lltermoro ) J11.60a
B Cup The Owl Llmtted— Vtvuta, Loa
Bum. Mendoia. Fresno. Tnl*x«,
l!tkenfleld.LoiAnesle» 153*
15 30p Rayvard. Ntlea aad baa Joae ..... 7.20*
6. 00p Hayward. NSlea and San Joa*. 9.&3a
6CQp Eaitarn Express — Or<len. Omaha,
Cbteafco. Iiear-r. Kiaiu Cltr.
Et. LouU. via Mardaez. Stocktoa.
Sacramento. Colfai. Hcno 12-SQ*>
i.OOp VtKejo, dally, except Sunday.... I T c '._
7-CCPVallejo.Sandaj only ......f 7 Mji
7 JCp Kichmoad. am Pat>:o. Port Coata,
Marttnes and Way Statlona 11.23a
7-60P Reno Passenger— Port L'osta. Sul-
sua, Elsnlra. Darls. Sacramento.
Tructcr. Laka Tanoe. Reno,
Toaopah, Sparks 7S0a
B Cop Fort Co*u, UarUnez. Bjroa,
Tracy, Lathrop. M o d e ¦ I •.
Merced, Berenda, Pretno and
Way Stations Beyond Port Costa 12-23*
8-05p Totemlte Valley, via itf read* and
Wawona 8.60a
I.OSp 31 arttnez. Tracy. Stock von 10.20*
t.OfcP Oregon * California Kzprasa— 8ae-
ramento. MaryaTltle, IleJdlm.
Fortl'.nd. Puget Sovad aad Eaat. 8.50a
I.IOp Qtyward. N!Ie» aad Saa Jote (.Sua-
dayonly) II.Bfl*
COAST LINE (!tarr*w Uaaga).
(root of M»rfeet Strot.) m
7-*5a Santa CTazE2carsIoo(3aoday only) 8-1 3)»
S-15A Newark. Censervilie. Saa Jose,
Fel ton, Bonlder Cree k. Bte Baala,
Santa Craz and Way Sutlons... S-S5*
ft 15a Alrirado. Newark. San Joae. Loa
Oatc«,Glenwood. Felton. Bonlder
Creek, Blc'Bssla. Santa Crux... 8-1 Op
t2-15> Newark, Centervllle. San Jo«v
New Almndrn. L««s Catoa.Feltoa.
Boulder Creek, Santl Craz and
PrlnctpaMVay Statlona 13 55*
" 1Si» Newarlc. San Joae, Loa Gatos tS 55*
4.15? Wright, Boulder Creek and Saau
Crnz. Saturday and Sunday only. >8 Spa
COAST LINE {Ur—A fcaace;.
tar* (T.itrd »ad Towasgod Streets.)
8.10a San Jcse and Way Stations ft-30*
t7 00a Saa Jose and W»y Stations S.40r>
7.15a Monterey and Santa Cro2 Ezenr-
• toa only) 10-30*
I 00a Kew Almadeo (Tuet.. Frld.. only). 4-10*
tOCATbe Coaster— Saa Joae. Si'laaa,
San Ardo, Paso RoMea. SuU^ '
Margarita, San Lsjls Ublspo.Santa
Barbara. San Bueo»renturs,%
M >nti»ivo. Oznard. Burbajik. Los
Anjeles 10-43*
f.BOAGlIroy. Holliater. Caatrovtlle. Del
Monte, Pacific Grore, Surf, Loa>
poc 1045*
8.00a 8sa Jose. Tres P:nos.*Vatsonvii:»,
Capltola. Santa Craz. PaclQe
Grove. Sal'naa San Lois Ublspo
sod Prtoclprtt Wsy Stations. ... 4.10*
10.20a !an Jos« and Way Stations 1-20*>
11 30a Santa Clara, San Jose, Loa Gatoa
and Way Statlona 7.30i»
130p San Joae and Way Sutlons 8-33a
tSClt'PDel Monte Czpreaa (ezcept Saa-
day) — Santa Clara, San Joi#,
Wataonvllle. Santa Craz. Del
Mont*. Monterey. Paetfle Grove*. M2.15»
!-ICp Barliaajanie, San Joae, Gttroy. nol-
ll*ter. Tres Plno*.Pa)aro,Watson-
Tllle, Capltola. Santa Cmi. Ca*-
troTUle, Salinas, PaciHa Grore... 10.43*
' 4.30p- e »a Jo«« aad Way Statlona t3 COa
t5 OOP Santa Clara, S*a Jole, Lot Gates,
Wright and principal Way sta-
tions (ezcepc Sunday)..... rS 03*
15 30p San Jose aad Principal Way Stations {9.43a
5 4Sp &ao«et Express. — Uedwood. Saa
Jose, Gllroy.Sallnas.Paao Roblea,
Eaa Lais Ubtapo, Saau Barnara,
Loa Angeles, Demist. El Pbm,
New Orieana, Sew York 7.18a
6.45pP*]*ro, Wat»on»llle. Capltola, 1 T"
Saata Crnz. CastrOTllle. Del>*»5^5*
Uonte. Pacific Grore JTlOUa*
16.15p fcanMateo.Bereaford.Bclmoat.aaa
Carlo*. Redwood. Fair O»i»,
ifenloParlc. PaioAlto MM t*^8*
6 30p San Jose and War SUttooa. . M 6-3Sa
8 OOp Ptlo Alto and Way SUUoni 10.15a
11 .30p south Ban Francisco. U illbrme. Bar-
llngsiae, San, Mataoi, Belmoa:,
Saa Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaka>
Menlo Park, and Palo Alto...... S-45*
s11.30plUyfle]d. Moaatsla Vl«w. Saaay
vale, Lawrence. Baau CJara and
an Joae ta.43*
A for liorning. P tar Axuraoeo. "*
i SnndaT ezcepted. t Sunday oaly.
• Saturday only. • Monday eatSw
_J8uj>* at ail atatlQsuja* CojuUZ.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. Ca
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIS
RA1I.WATT COSXPAITT.
Tiburon rerry. Toot of Market Strscts
SAN rBANCISGO TO SAW SATASXm
WEEK DAYS — 7:30, 8:00, 9:00. 11:00 a. m.:
12:.%. 2:^0. 3:40. 5:10. 5:50. H:30 and U:30
J>. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
St^NDAYS — 7:30, 8:0O. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30,
2:30, 3:40. 5:10. 6:30. 11:30 p. tn.
SAN KAPAEIi TO SA2T PSANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:05. 6:50. 7:35, 7:50, 9:20»
11:15 a. m.; 12:50, t2:00. 3:40, 5:00. 5:20.
6:25 r>. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:45 p. m.
ETJNDAYS— 6:50. 7:33. 9:2O 11:15 a. m.: 1:43
S:40, 4:50. 5:00. 5:20, 6:23, 7:50 P. m.
tExcept Saturdays. __
Leave I In Effect . I Arrive
San Fran. I May 1. 1904. | San Frari.
Week I Sun- | Destlna- I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. I tlon. \ day. | Paya.
" 7l50"a 7:45 a 7:45 a
7:30 a S:00a * ' «:4« a 8=W a
8:00a 9:30a Iffnaclo 10:20 a 10:20a,
2:30 p 2:30 p ., V- . gOOp 6:20 p
5:10 p 5:10 p 6:2Op 7:25 9
-/ 7 :25 p
. 8:45 p
7:30a 7:30a T:45a 7:45 a
8:00 a 8:00 a Novato, 10:20 a 10:20 a.
2:30 p $>:."0a Petaluraa «:20p 8:20 p
5:10 p 2:30 p and 7:2op •:-3p>
5:10 pU Santa Rosa. 8:45 p
7-3Oal 7-30a| ~ 10:20 a 10:20 a
s;66a|8:0Oa1 Fnltoa. 7:23p«:2Op
2:30 p| 2:S0p 8:4up 7.-5 p
I ' Windsor. _
7-30 a 7:30 a Ueatfsburs. 10:20 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
2:30 p 2:30 p Geyservllle. . 7:25 p 7:23 p
Cloverdale.
7 -30 at 7-30 al Ilopland 110:20 a!10:2t> a
2:30 PI 2:30 pi and Uklah. ( 7:25 p| 7:25 p
jj j WUIits. "1 l"
7:C0 a| 7:30 a| Sherwood. | 7:25 pf 7:25 p
's-OOal S:0Oa| Guerneville and I10-.2O a!10:20 a
2:30 PI 2:30 pi Camp Vacation. | 8:45 p| 6:20 p
800a 8:0O a 8:40 a 8:40 a
5-10 p 0:30 a Sonoma. 6:00 p 6:20 p
I 5:10 p{. Glen Ellen. 8:45 p|
7-30 al 7:30 a! " 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:S0 p| 2:30 p| SebastopoL_ | 7 :Jp pj_6:20 p
"STAGES connect at Santa Rosa for Whit*
Sulphur Sprtnss and Mark West Spring*; at
Fulton lor Burke" ¦ Sanitarium; at Lytton for
Lytton Springs; at Geyserville for Skaggs
Sprinirs: at Cloverdale for the Geysers. Boone-
vtlle and Greenwood: at Hopland for Duncan
cprlngs Highland Springs. Kelaeyville. Carlx-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs- at Uklan for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
springs, Slue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Wlttsr
Strlnga Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley,
Jchn Day*» Riverside. Lierley*s. Bucknell's.
Sanhedria Heights. Hullville. Orr-s Hot
Springs, Halfway House. Comptche. Camp
Stevens. Hopkins. Mendocino City. Fort Bragg.
Westport. Usal; at Willits for Fort Bragg.
Westport Sherwood. Cahto. Covelo. Layton-
vllle. Cummins, Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsens.
Dyer. GarhervlUe. Pepperwood. Scotia and
Eureka
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. _
On Sundays — Round-trip tfcxets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rate*.
Ticket Office. 650 Market street. Chronicle
buildins. _ _ __
JAS L. FRAZTER. R. X. RTAN,
Pen. Manager. Pen. Pass. Agt.
W6BH7 Gatt $1.00 dbp Year
ADVERTlSOIEyTS.
VIGOR AMD HEALTH
Sit P^ FBEE TC
rig MEN.
j£ _jKrf 1TW *. ifflg To prove the
9f^r\ i \'m § iTianelous cura-
ES^^TF *>'*./!' \ • ' ill** ve powers of
52J ¦ &-- ¦¦ v£\ .' 3j] 5 our most re-
JSE fi" \ ¦,»*•}• 1 markable home
/ . .V I treatment, you
Oh. F' '/\. •'¦ 1 Ot ma y take It on
. I! f\ » v 1«-»J»2j days'- trial
*/¦> I •/ I'- |(|«<L7 and approval.' It
A. W C_ HtaS wl 'l quickly r«-
O II iJl *-SkS store lost
rr-J \J 1/ |f"?UJ "trenBth and sive
3J tt ¦/ 3jtJ2:' you the fire and
UJ fp- " W *^rf^ vigor of youth.
C/ II -0 5S! * By atmospheric
\j ¦ pressure it ex-
. . pands the organs
- ¦ and 1b the only
known scientific 'means which will positively
enlarge and. fully develop them. Used with our
Local Absorbing Stimulating Tonic, Uermlcidal.
I— ,WIHt-unlTH»tL L »'" l "!^""'-:r-'^»fl
Healing, Medicated, Urethral CrayOns always
quickly cures where all else fails.- Gleet, all
Drains, Losses, .Varlcocele. . Stricture, Prema-
tureness, Enlargement of I'rostate tiiand. etc.
A aafe. simple home cure. NEVER FAILS.
Or. Llewellyn, one "of our staff of physicians,
has discovered a marvelous remedy which. will
give action -and produce results in 5 minutes.
Applied locally only. Works like magic. Don't
fail to call on us for demonstration. Hours, 9
to 9: Sundays, 10 to 1. Addrtss all corre-
spondence, to L.' L. Sherrod.
HEALTH APPL1ANCEC0., 6 O'FarrellSt.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
COXPAORIS GEflERiLE TSlN3ATI,lNriQ JjJ.
D1HECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. j£^Li : ,
Sailing every Thursday instead of *&&&£%
Saturday, at 10 a. m.', from Pier 4^.
North River, foot of Morton st.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Second
cla«s to Havre. l« and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND CAN-
ADA 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York! J. F. FUGAZI& CO.. Pacific Coast
Acents - 5 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Ticket** sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents. ,-
To V. '.B. " ! Jf»Ty Tard and Vallejo. '!
Stmr. H. J. Corcoran— Leaves 8. F.. foot of
Clay st., north end 'ferry bldg.— Week days,
0 :30 A. M.. 3 and *8 P. M. ; Sundays. - 9 :30
A. M.. 8 P.'M.' Lea ves^ Vallejo— Week. days.
«:50 A. M...-12:20 and 5:30 P. M.; Sundays. 5
P '( H. Fare. 25c ' each way. Excursion rates .
Sundays -to Vallejo.. Glen Cove and Martinez.
60c, round \ trip. • PIPER, ADEN. GOODALL
CO.. phone Main Gil. 'Saturday excepttd.
' : /Wj^ Men
i y$ \ \ CURE aI f
_ • X iv 1 \_ J \j I\ E
ARICOCELH. S P E C I F I C
BL-OOD POISON. NERVOUS-
JJgS^ CONTRACTED DISOR-
DERS. KIDNEY and BLADDER
TROUBLES' and reflex complica-
tions and associate diseases, quick-
ly and permanently.
O O
Strictly Reliable.
More than 17 Tears' Success.
Consultation Tree at OSce or by
Mall.
O O
I make no mitl"jiJing statements or
deceptive prormfltions to the afflicted
Nflther dnr I t.romls* to cure then JN A
TOW DAYS in order to i^cure il»»ir p» t .
i-oniiire. but I guarantee COUl'LHl R
.SAFE AND LAKTIXG CURE In the
QUICKEST POSSIBLE TIME without
leaving injurious after effects in the sys-
tem. u.n<* et the lowest cott possible ifor
rr£EATMi:xT ILLFL ' U and SL ' CCESt5F «-"»-
I HAVE* CURED MORE MEN THAN
ANY other physician on the coast. My
treatments ere more rational, more mod-
ern and more effective than any other
physician practlcinc in the West. My
treatment pivea vim. vljror, vitality.
Ktrer.Eth and ambition to weak and
aespondent men. young or old. married or
Binjrle. regardless of the cause or their
trouble.
n _o
FEES RE AS O IT ABLE — I do not
wast any man to feel ttat lie Is
usable to par me. as X always ar-
riare my terms tn payments to
suit their convenience, and doubt-
lnr P ATIE WTS MAT TEEAT TJIT-
TZXi CtTUEXJ BEFOBE PAYIKO.
o — o
It you cannot call, write for ques-
tion list and free book describing my
specialty. Correspondence confidential.
C. K. HOLSMAN, M. D.
729 MAKXET ST. (Top Floor).
lioun — 3 to 8 daily; 9 to 12 Sundays.
OCKAX TRAVEIj.
yi\r 2>>v Steamers leave Broadway
xf^>^-<SW\. wharves (piers 0 and 11),
/Uff San Francisco:
/m TtTKi » \U\ For. Ketch ikan. Wrangrel,
I / Yv»KH I 1 Juneau, Halnes, Skapuay,
1 I I Y8ab^A ) I etc.. Alaska— 11 a. m., Auc.
VA \\ \'ril 3. 8. 13. IS. 23. 23. Sept. 2.
; \ AyJI y(?/ Charge to this company's
NSfifc'.SSv./ steamers at Seattle.
* For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port ¦ Townsewl. Seattle. ' Tacoma, Everett.
Bellingham—H a. m.. Aug. a. 8. 13, 13. '£i, 2S.
Sept. •»' Change at Seattle to this Company's
steamers for Alaska and G. N. Uy.; at Seattle
or Tacoma to N. P. Ky.; at Vancouver to
C P f[y.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay> — Pomona. 1:30
p m' Aug. 2 S. 14. 20. 2tt. Sept. 1; Corona.
J-30 P in Aug. 5. 11. 17. 2.1. 29. Sept. 4.
For Loa Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
KedondoV San Diego and Santa IUrbar.—
Santa. Rosa, Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 0 a. in. -
For I^os Angeles (via San Pedro and Kast
San Pedro), Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz, Mon-
terey San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford <Sa.a
Luia Oblspo) Ventura and Hueneme.
Bonlta, 0 a. rn.. Aug. 3. 11. lft. 27. Sept 4.
' Coos nay. » a. m.. Aug. 7. IB-, 23. SI. Sept. 8.
For Eneenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Ro-
salia Ouayrnas <Mejc.), 10 a. m.. 7th each mo.
For further information obtain folder. Right
Is reserved to chain.-* Ftean'ers or balling dates.
TICKET OFFICES— -4 New Montgom-
ery Bt (Palace Hotel). 10 Market st.. and Broad-
way wharves. Freight Office, 10 Market st.
C. D IiUXANN General Passenger Agent.
10 Market ft.. San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sutt»r Kt.. will
call for and 'check -bamtaee from, hotels and
residences. Telephone Exchange 312.
AAA9Rfl>C ft i"A «««»»». «*«0«, HIV
9ccanics.sxo. 0 » E -u\ 8 s
S S MARIPOSA, for Tahiti, Aug. 0. 11 a. m.
s's' VENTURA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney, Thursday. Aug. 18. 2 p.m.
S S ALAMEDA. -for Honolulu,' Aug." 27," 11 am.
I.D.SPRECKELS k BEOS. CO.-, A2tS.,TicXEt OfflCB 643 Mar-
KBt. Freight Office 329 HarKet St., Pier 7,\PacilIg SL
To U. S. Navy Yard and Vallejo.
Stmrij. Central Frlsble. Montlcello and Arrow,
0:45 a. m., 12:30,'3:15. «1. 8:30 p. m. (ex.Sun.);-
Sundays. 0:45 a. m., S:30 p. in.- Leave Vallejo
7 9 a. m., 12:30, 3:15, 6 p. m. («c Sun.): Sun-
days 7 a. m.. 4:15>p. -na.' Pier 2. foot Mls-
Blon 'street: phone Main 1508. *HATCH BROS.
KABLWAY TRAVEL.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Le*v« fii StiwliU ttnj Anirs
Ban Franclico K—t tffcrtrt St 8aa Francl«a»
Week Ban- >_ ban- Week
Pay*, days. dayg. Days.
r^^T"8:30A »2:45 P» 8:48a
10:00 a WaSjjBfraP 2:05 v *l 1:05 a
10^66 a 11:00 a T^aSKT 3:3Sr 3:36 p
1:45 p 12-20 p \£Ss^ 5:40 r 6:15 1
• :1Sr 1:45 r WKT 6:16 p 10-.CS r
........ 4:36 P^K^^. 8:50 p ........."
•TlltnwttyCir. Y TaaalpaU U KW idUtf.
¥ickkt ' (626 Mabkkt &t, (North (Ibore Hailroad)
OrriCKS j tnd cSausalito Fhkb y, loot Market 9$, :
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PROF. LOEB
IS OUTDONc
His Discovery That "Electricity Is the Basis of Life" Is Not
\ New. Dr. McLaughlin Claims It In Books Written Five
Years Ago He Offers Proof of the Influence of Electricity
Upon Human Vitality. Old age Can Be Defied. By Dr.
McLaughlin's Method Electricity May Be Used to Renew
Youth and Protect the Body From Disease. Note the
Comparison Between Prof. Loeb's New Theories and Dr.
Mclaughlin's Old Ones.
Prof. Locb of California University some time ago announced that he had
discovered that electricity was the basis of life.
He said that the motion of the heart was due, not to the heat, but to the
electricity in the body.
"A part of the chemical energy of food stuffs Is transformed into electri-
cal energy, which in turn gives energy to the muscles and organs of the
body." . .. • ; , ~-~"
The announcement that electricity and not heat is the life is the climax of
Prof. Loeb's experiments, which have extended over ten years.
These results, he says, are going to upset most of the teachings of the text
books of physiology — that is. they are going to expose the fallacy of medicine
as it is administered by the regular physician of to-day.
>^\
¦bSS^BIBW fw * 4? I **¦ v * L» ' 1
Effect of Dr. McLaughlin's Treatment Upon Men
This is all in line with Dr. ?.icLaughlrri"s . teachings, which have been in
print for the past ten years. I>r. .McLaughlin has been a student of this sub-
ject for five years, and has made his observations frpm cases under personal
treatment.
In his book, written live years ago (in his introductory remarks^, he says:
"I anticipate still greater results from my efforts to demonstrate the truth
of my life-long claim that electricity is the basis of all animal vitality, and
without it we could not live." - ...
In another part of his book Dr. McLaughlin gives a. more comprehensive
solution of tlio heat problem than that advanced by Prof. Loeb. Dr. Mc-
LauirhliiT says: . '
"Tho food that wf> cat is treated rs fuel by the .stomach, just as is the coal
in h furnace. TIip chemical action which is produced upon the food by the
acids and julcea of the stomach burns the food and causes u carbonic heat.
This heat is electricity, and it Is forced into the nerves and vital organs and
is their life." «
Further. Dr. McLaughlin says: "Tho electrical heat generated t>y the con-
sumption of our food should keep healthy every vital organ of the body. De-
bility of the vital organs arises when the waste is greater than the repair —
wlien the stomach is not able to generate sufficient electrical heat to supply
thc demands of nature.
"This excessive waste is dur to overtaxation of the vital fa/c^s by hard
work mentally, grirf or worry, extra physical exertion, severe fevers, such
as typhoid or malaria, which drain away the vitality and leave the system
debilitated."
Now. here Is where Dr. MoUMiiyhliii passes beyond t^ie period i-overed by
Prof. Loeb and shows how this vital electricity, which is the basis of life,
may be replaced in the body when lost by the causes producing debility.
]if says: "When the stomach is not able to generate sufficient of this en-
. orgy to supply the demands of the vital organs, the natural result is a lower-
inp of. nerve, orprrnic «n<l muscular power — a general debility. Then an arti-
ficial anent must be used to assist the stomach- That agent Is the Dr. Jk-
LaujjhUn's Electric Belt."--
The human body charged with this electrical force is proof against the
debility usually foreshadowing the decay of old age. There can be no decay
where "there Is sufficient force to keep the heart and vital organs active, and
under Dr. McLaughlin's treatment men of 75 and 85 years" have found a new
lease of life.
An old man who bad been wearing u Dr. McLaughlin Belt every night for
two months vrrote: "While my age Is seventy years. I have become as youth-
ful in health :<!¦= a man of 35, and am ablu to do as much work. I am really
an old man made young."
Men and women who had been rheumatic -rripples for years, and whose
cases had defied the best doctors, have secured perfect health from Dr. Mc-
Laughlin's Belt. . * ' »
Dr. McLaughlin "has not only proven that electricity is the substance of
life and organic vitality., but has gone so far as to perfect the best known
means of replenishing that force in the body when it is lost. Ills Electric
Belt is the natural result of scientific study, coupled with experience and me-
chanical skill. ,
The current supplied by this appliance enters the body in a glowing stream
of vitalizing heat, so gentle that the nerves and vital organs absorb it as free-
ly ms a hungry babe brinks milk. This forco is added to the natural powers
generated by the stomach: it saturates every vital part and soon transforms
the debilitated IkmI*' into a natural storage battery, which generates its own
health and closes the doors forever to disease and debility.
Dr. McLaughlin's book is published for free distribution to those inter-
ested in the development of vigorous health in men and women. It is pro-
fusely illustrated and describes his method of treatment and appliances. Sent
sealed? free, on request.-, Send for it to-day, inclosing this ad.
Dr. MeLaughlin's Kleetric Belt has a cure in every town. Upon request
the names of your own neighbors who have been cured by It will be sent to
you.
Dp M C McLaughlin 906 Market St.
Ul • 1T1. W» iTl^L,ClU£IIIHl, Abor. Ellij. S«i maeissj, C.I
Office Eourt — 3 a. xa. to 8 p. ra. Sundays, 10 to 1.
RAIIAVAY TKAVKL.
|| CALIFORNIA fi
1 LIMITED TO CHICAGO 1
¦ LEAVES MONDAYS and THURSDAYS i
¦ at 0:30 a. m., through in 3 days.O
H with diner and all trappings. I 1
. Other Santa 7e Trains:
o-^o a" m' \ tor Stockton." Fresno, Bakersfleld.
8:00 p! m. J Merced. Hanfprd and Vlsalia.
4 :0O p. m. . for Stockton.
S:00 p. m. for Kansas City. Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET OFFICES— €41 Market St. and
Ferry Depot, S. 7. Also Ilia Broad-
way, Oakland. Cal. 37 South First st,
' San Joie. ¦<".'_
~~TOSANRAFAEL,
ROSS VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc
Vi* Sausalito Ferry.
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart from San Francisco, week day*" at
6:30. 7:10. 7:45. 8:30. 9:15. 10:00. 11:00 a. m
(11:10 a. m. Sausallto only). 12:20, 1:«. 3:15"
4:00. 4:35. 5:15. 5:50, 8:25. 7:15. 0:CO. 10:20*
11:35 p. m. Sundays and legal, holidays depart
at 7:10.-7:45, 8:30. 0:15. 10:00. 11:00 11*40
a: m.. 12:20. 1:00. 1:15. 2:30, 3;15. 4:00, 4:3i
5:15. 5:S0. «:=5. 7:15. 8:15. »:C0. 10:20. 11^33
P ' Arrive at San Francisco, week days, 6:17,
7:00. 7:05. 8:15. 8:45. 9:33 10:20. li^s'a. m.
12:05 1:25. 2:50. 3:oo, 4:20, 5:05. 5:40 6*15.
6:55. '7:55. 10:05. 11:25 p. m. On Sundays and
legal holidays extra trains arrive at 12^45. 2:03,
8:50 p. m.
For Fairfax, week days, depart at 7:45 a. m
3:15 p. m.. 5:15 p. m; (ex. Sat.). On Sundays
and legal holidays at 7:45. 8:30, 9:15. 10:00
ll:C0. 11:40 a. m.. 12:20. 1:00.. 1:45. 2:30. 7:15
and 8:15 p. n». ¦ -
"THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m. dally — Cazadero and way stations.
9:15 a. a. Sundays only— For Point Reyes,
* 3:15. Wm.'. Caily except Sunday— For Caza-
dero. etc
-'5-15 p. m. dally except Saturday and Sun.
day — For Point Reyes, etc.
- 7:15 p. m.. Sundays only — For Point Reyes.
etc. •*«|sU^"WW 1 *<aBS tl *t£?*»^l
8:15 p. m.. Sundays only— For Cazadero. etc*
TICKET OFFICE— 623 Market st.
• ' FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market » t.Attempts Suicide by Cocaine.
Harry J. Gates, a bartender, resid
ing: at 2237 Post street, undertook to
end his life by taking a dose of co
cair ? at his father's druar - store oa
New Montgomery and Howard street*
yesterday afternoon. Gates has been
indulging: in a mild debauch during
the past week and on being chlded by
his parent for his folly he stepped be
hind the prescription desk and drank
a quantity of cocaine. His condition
was noticed and Officer Skelly of the
Southern station was notified and had
the man sent to the Central Emer
gency Hospital. - Dr. Pinkham used
the stomach pump to good advantags
and saved the patient's life. Out of
respect for his family his relatives en
deavored to conceal > his Identity by
giving his name as "Harry Jones.?
with residence and occupation un
known. .
J. Kennedy. From Vallejo— J. W. EUlas. T.
and H. Raphael. Miss H. Desmond. William
Chappell and wife, J. P. Sutherland. From
Napa— Mrs. C. Malandrino. Mra. F. Glesekw
and son, Patrick Kane. J. Dunleavy. Ileea
Kerwln. From Larkspur — Mrs. J. J. Carroll,
Miss Helen Carroll. From Fresno — J. F. Dun
leavy. From Sausallto — M. Tygnarla. Andre
Quadrio. From Boston — Joe Kennedy. J.- K.
Donovan. ' From Ontario — F. J. Freeman.
From New York — Edith Donovan.
AT BYRON HOT.; SPRINGS: ,. From San
Francisco— A; W. Scott, Captain Thomas. L.
J. Deaoy. J.~A^ Coleman. Mrs. May Hall. Mrs.
William Qulnn, Dr. G. B. Bowley, Mrs. Revel,
H. "Revel, Miss* Kate Humphrey, William F.
Humphrey. Mrs. Charles W. Pike.. Charles W.
Pike. L. Kalmuk. H. Bush.- Charles Matthettn,
F.; E. Finnerty. F ' Schmidt and wife, - E. N.
Ayres and wife, Mrs. R. T. Engelbrecht and
AT SKAGGS SPRINGS, Sonoma County:
From San Francisco— Mr. and Mrs. E. A.
Roberts, Miss Gat«K. Mr. and Mrs. B. Gem«
son, J. Coloman, Mr. and Mrs. M. Schwartz.
John Ruslaff, Mrs. RuslafT. Mrs. A. J. Rear
don, Nellie B. Reardon. H. Dederky, Mrs.
Paola de Pecchl. Miss Clotllde Polastri. Miss
Margherlta de Vecchi, Master Robert de'Vec
chl, Mrs. D. S. Cartwrlght. Harry N. Bishop,
Mrs. Harry N. Bishop, M. L. Cook. A. E.
Berr. W. F. Hennlnjr, Professor S. D. Pack
scher, Mr. and Mrs. . Bentley, D. McLea, C. :
W. Jone*. C. F. Daly. Richard Ellis, A. Jo
seph, J. I. ¦¦ Peterson, Lena Ramsdall. Mr., and
Mrs John L. Herget. John J. Deane. Mattos
Mlchalls. Mrs. M. Epiro, Mrs. Sarah Poiro. G.
Arden. Miss Frances Aurlch Miss S. Wormser.
Miss Eelina Seller. Miss Flrssle Seller. Miss
Martha Karskl William S. D»nnl«. I* Young.
H. Obemuer. E. J. Fitzgerald.. W. J. Daley.
H W Wurkhemn. Miss Aenes Tobln. Robert
J. Tobln, Mrs. James O'Brien. MIm Tessie
Byrne, C. T. Merchant, Mrs. John Thompson,
Edward Thompson, D. M. Maulon, Ro.d G.
Guyett.. Frank T. Bowers, N. A. Bowers,
Chris E. Parent, Clarence del Veure, Earl del
Veure. A. G. Clark, E. Barellles. Mrs. E.
¦Rarellles, J. Thompson, Bertrand L. York,
G. Mann. A. Mann, Thomas Flynn, F.*B. Mul
srewV-'Mra. D. W. McDermott, Mr. and Mrs.
Isiilore Burns, Mr. and Mrs. K. J. Wren, Mrs.
Francis Tlerney, G. W. MrMahon. From
Orovill^— Dr. I T. Tucker. From Covlng«on,
Kv. —^W. Glllharo, D. D. P. From Petaluma—
Fred Kuhnle. I. Loeskelli. From Santa Ro»a.
Miss F. Barr. •¦ R. ¦ D. Dlxon. Gary Davis, O.
¦ H Bergs n. From Alamefla^-tMIss V. O.
Smith. From Berkeley— B. N. de Leon. From
Oakland— Joseph Martin, W. J. McDonald.
Miss May Jurgens, Lloyd Veltch. From
Healdrturg— Chris Crawford. George Farrlnir
ton. J. M. McDonongh, Gus Llnder. 'From
EcGtland — Mr. and Mrs. Geonre B. FeMruaon.
From Melbourne. Australia — Mr.- and Mrs. L.
C. Buck. From Mill Valley— Mr. md Mrs. C.
O. Rollom. .From the O]^ Homestead— W.
L ¦ McCray. ' From San Rafael — Mrs. J. Bell,
Miss Emella.F.. Saunders. A. G. Rich, Geary
Rich. David Rich. From Palo Alto — Walter
Haynes. From Haywards — J. W. . Bnrge.
Gaston. G. C. Sharman, William G. Henshaw.
Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Bolsten. Miss Lillian Bol
sten. L. J. Cleary and wife. T. C. Speyer.
Louis A. Jansen, Fred W. Wade and wife,
E. H. Parsons. Mr. and Mrs. G. C. Danson,
Mrs. C. A. Goebel. Miss Amanda Klelne. From
Gllroy — Thomas Rea. Miss Carrie Rea, Miss
Millie Casey. Miss Emtlie S. Du Chemln, Miss
Henrietta Balllaige. Miss Effie Weldon, Wil
liam O'Toole. From San Jose — Louis Light
ston. C. A. Barnes. Henry A. Pflster, Frank
H. Moon, Thomas O'Toole. Chen. R. Argues.
From Belmont — J. W. Johnson. From Sausa
llto — E. S. Slack, M. Lauge. From'Watson
viiie — James P. Nugent. From Woodland —
Miss Annie Blowers. . From Monterey — H. F.
Miller and wife. From Iowa — C. B. Brown.
From Pueblo. Colo. — Mrs. J. D. Treeman, Mrs.
A. A. McDonald.
AT DEER PARK INN: From San Fran
cisco — Mr. and Mrs. F. N. Wright, Dr. Bren
nan. Miss Blanch Rice, J. Reed, wife and
daughter. Miss Effle Thrall, H. Galles. Mrs.
Guiles Miss .M. Garven. ¦ Mr. and Mrs. Rogers
and daughters. Miss Ellen O'Brien, H. A.
Taddock, E. F. Verrlll and wife. Mr. and
Mrs. Burtchall. Miss Christine Hart. Mr. and
Mrs Byron Mauzy, Mr. and Mrs. VoUsanger,
Mrs' H H. Young and son. From Sacramento
Louis' Bunner, wife, sona and nurse: Dr.
EHery Brlggs. wife and children; J. B. Butler,
wife and children; ¦ G. E. Dunell . and wife,
George Smith. Kettle Mon, Cora Smith. From
Oakland— Miss E. Lolor, Miss Florence Moore,
H. H. Sellander. Miss E. Schilling. Mrs. J.
Morrow and daughters, Mrs. Johnson and
daughters. From Berkeley — Frank Andrews.
Frank Lathrop and wife. From Napa — Mrs.
T F. Earl. From Hawthorn — Mrs. H. W.
Nelson and children. From Placervllle^ — Dr.
Sumner. Mrs. Woodward. From Carson— Mrs.
and Miss Cohn. From Truckee — Mr. and Mrs.
Slbly. From Los Angeles— Mr. and Mrs. F. I.
Griffith, child and nurse; Mrs. C. E. Hahn,
Mr and Mrs. Brawely. From Bakersfleld—
Alfred Harrell. wife and daughter. From
Merced— Judge Ructor. From Connecticut— A.
B. Mygatt, From Illinois — Professor George
, Coe and wife. , # #
AT AETNA SPRINGS: From San Fran
cisco—Mr, and Mrs. Albert Fair. Miss Alice
Rooney. A. E. Lee. G. P. Fuller. Charles
Mitchell. D. L. Vann. Mrs. L. Feyllng, J. G.
Ncwsome. From Napa— Miss Elizabeth
Strohl D. A. Dunlap, W. A. Bailey. From
Palo Alto— W. R; Eckart Jr. From Oakland—
W B Standlford. Dr." J. M. Shannon, Hirst
Perkins. From Callstoga— William Spiers and
son. Frcm Nevada— Maude T. Owens.
AT PEIGLER SPRINGS: From San Fran
cisco — Mrs. J. E. Burnens. MIsh A. Burness
J. Cooper, Mrs. G. C. Sweeney, Miss Nellie F.
Carr. J. F. Dunleavey, Mrs. Sweeney, Abra
ham Jacobs. Frank Rlttlgsteln, Silvio Rocca.
Francisco Pinnella, Adreas Cammello. J. M.
Llppincott and wife. Mr3. Mary Lynch. Mrs
F. W. Ensllsh, Mrs. A. F. Bernard. J. F.
Jackson. H. Seellg. Mr. Arnold. Mrs. N
Pidse. Mrs. S. Rellly and son. Delmar Mead.
Mra. W. C. Herbert. M. J. McBrearty, Mlsb
Jule Conway. G. W. Gagan. Miss Mae Ward.
Francis ' McCarthy, Marguerite McCarthy, H.
F. # Hag«man. John Baader, Bernard Hassler.
W. H. Hess, Mr». Tom Irwln. Sarah Draffen
Daniel Draffen. V. P. McDevttt. Geor*e Kade.
Ed Davis. . Fred J. Donnov*n. John ' J. Mcln
tyre. Joseph Davis. Charlea Dunlap. J. r.
Ball. Fred Hopper. . Mona Emerson. Charleii
Arcan, Fred Travers. Frank Kesllnsr, George
Toner, M. B. Reed and wife. Mary Converse,
Hazel Jones. From Oakland— J. Harrington.
J. Presho and wife. Mr«. W. Ktmball, William
F. Hurll, -Mrs. Sam Short. Arthur Sharp*.
'Mrs. - A. - Olliver. H. M. Blanchard. . Mlu Mil
dred'Coots, A. AttelT. Miss Minnie Talent t.
Abe Levy, Frances Keeley, Emele Alber, W.
AT DE LA ROSM. RESORT: From San
Francisco — J. Bovver. J. A. Bovyer, Miss
M. Johnson. W. Foster. From Alameda — Mr.
Condon. From Berkeley— J. Macabe, Miss
Ada Macabe.
AT LAUREL DELL: I From San Franclsro —
S. A. Glennon and wire. D. J. Merrill. Miss
Emma Jesslp. Miss Kate Jtsslp, ¦ Miss Sara
D Draffln, Mrs.' Thomas Irving. Matthew M.
Dlarln David Draffln. MWs Minnie McClaih.
Miss Mabel Barron. J. D. Jones. H. S. Martin.
W. T. Baker. Mrs. 'F. Baker, William Lalb
and wife. D. J. Lewis. E. S. Connor, Dr. J.
A. Reynolds, D. S. Phillips. Mrs. H. Smith,
Mrs. L. Barron. Mrs. K. McDonald. S. G.
McDonald. Mrs. E. Baker. Miss J. Baker. J,
A. Duffer Jr.. Edward T. Armstrong, Rev,
L M. Ewlngr. J. Hess and wife. Rev. A. J.
Pope, Mrs. John Jannet and wife. H. B. Ken
ney, J. 8. Mauser. Miss Ellen Howe. K. Dan
ney, J. 8. Hunt and wife, Harvey Campbell.
Mrs. Alice Campbell, M. P. Marion. Louis
Sanger. George Habenlcht and wife. Mrs. A.
Hatpin, John S. Halpin. G. S. Marlin, S. L.
Curtis, B. S. Connley. Dr. E. Davis. Walter
E. Trafts", ' Roy Gallagher. Miss Helen Cun
ningham, Miss Gertrude Cunningham, James
Cunningham, J. K. Urown and wlf», F. F.
Martin Frank S. Malno. Charles Blfflow.. From
Vallejo — F. Harrington and wife. From Sau
salito — Dr. S. F. Simmons. From Santa Cruz
P. D. .Thompson. From Alameda — T. R.
Taylor. From Chicago — Mrs. L. McClatchie.
John G. McClatchie, Alfred Lloyd and wife.
Dr. Jerome Welch. From Pan Matao — Mrs.
James Cunningham. MIsh Mary Cunningham,
Mrs. Henry Nichols. John McNamara. Mrs.
Llllie Jones. G. von Schlutz. Mrs. von Schluts.
son. Robert Kalmuk, J. G. Eagleson, Mrs. W.
J. Byrne, F. L. Stow and wife. Fred Peter
-¦on, Charles V. Vercelius S. McMullin and
wife, Lewis Morrison. Miss L. Armsby, H.
Maundreli. Alex Less. W. N. Downs, Miss H.
Fechlmer. Miss E. Fechimer. Martin Tovarar,
E. B. Pond. From Oakland — Mr. and Mrs. H.
E. Peterson. Mrs. Jbhn M. Chase. Mrs. S. M.
Dodge, John M. Chase, A. M. Wolf enden. From
Fresno— K. A. Niahkia, F. G. Nlsh
kla. G. C. Owens, Mrs. Georse C.
Owens, R. Dewhirst. From Concord — Mr.
and ' Mrs. Du Bois. From Halfmoon
Bay — Frank 8. Martin. Miss Lizzie Martin.
Mrs. F. S. Martin. From Tulare — A. Lindsay.
From .Antloch — Mrs. F. Dahmker. From Unit
ed Statss navy — H. S." Hlnigsburg;. From Eu
reka — Mrs. J. Eouash. From Rio Vista — T.
McCourt. From Marysvllle, I. G. Cohen. From
New York— N. T. Mansfield. J. - Wlesenbenrer
and wife. From Nome, Alaska — Mrs. P. W.
McDonnell.
• • • •
AT BARTLETT SPRINGS: From. San
Francisco — J. C. Kelly. J. D. Sullivan. Mathew
Nunan, Henry Lachman, Irving; Rosenblatt, J.
H. Sherry. Mr. and Mrs. de Sabla. Miss Vera
de Sabla. Misa T. Russell. F. P. Sherman.
Clifford Sherman, Adele Mcnahan, Jennie Mon
ahan. Mlas Mary Curley. Miss K. L. Cole.
Frorn Sacramento — Mra. E. Kldrii, Charles El
drld, Newton B. Kripp, wife and , son, Mrs. J.
M. Connor. Mildred Connor. Max Gul9berg.
From Oakland— ; J. T. Herrington. Fred F. Ca
rins and wife. From Arbuckle — Jost Hahn and
wife. Jost Hahn Jr., Miss Mary Hahn. John
Hahn. From Williams — Evert Worsley. J. E.
Rathburn and wife. Miss Lllltan Rathburn.
Miss True Able. From Pleasant .Grove — Wil
liam McWUHams, George Coppln. From Cali.«»
toga.. Robert Walsh. From Orland — W. B.
Miller and wife. Frcm Chicago. IU.— Mrs. Dr.
Egbert and family. From Los Angeles — Mrs.
Scearce. From Willows^ — D. J. Proulx, C. J.
St. Louis. T. J. Beasley, Kd Schmidt. From
Eureka — G. H Creighton. From Santa Clara —
W. A. Lane. From San Jose — Dr. C. A. Way
land and wife. I. A. Frailer and wife. From
Bakersfleld — J. B. Mahon. From San Rafael —
W. B. Muchado. From Gass Valley — John
Chellew and • wife. From Auburn — Mabel V.
McCcrmick.
AT GILROT HOT SPRINGS: From San
Francisco — H. Davis and wife. Mrs. R. p.
Rathbun and maid Robert P. Rathbun, Porter
Ashe, G. - H. . Connell , and : wife. A. , Qi Hemey,
J.%L. Wein, Thomas . C. Maher, Miss Lola
G^llng,' Mrs. August Klmber. Mrs. John Birk
maler, H. Ravn, M. H. Bohlen.' A. Berg. E.
A. ¦ Cronk. R. J. Hedberg. L. M. Mahoney and
wife. Mrs. Ada Strange. Frank' Riley, O. P.
Pennell. Herman • Wlckersham and wife,- J. F.
T unstall, Mrs, W. J. Sommers. H. I», Man
nerlng.' B. G. Leonard. W. H. Phelps and
wife, • Miss Helen Phelps. A. M. Robinson,
Mn». " Paul Gibson, ' Miss Bes«l« Gibson, ~ Mrs.
E. : O'Brien. Ml«s Kitty O'Brien. Misa May
O'Brien. Mn. E. McGrath. Master Stanley
McGrath. G. • W.- Corder and wife, George L.
Sharp. H. G.Metson, Mrs. R. Carter, A* ; C.
AT CAMP VACATION: From San Fran
cisco — Jack McClelland, A. P. Van Duzer, Mrs.
A. P. Van Duzer." Miss Kate Van Duzsr, Mrs
J. C. B. Hcbbard. Mrs. L. R. Ellert. Mr. and
Mrs. Mosg, W. E. Schofleld. W. Holzherson,
Eleancr O'Toole,. Mary-Hefterman, Gertrude
li. Lemon, Agnes Clcary, Gertrude Ryan, E.
J. Maglnnti;, Mr. and Mrs. James H. Suydam,
H. F. Hoffman. Frank I. Barrett. Alfred J.
Cleary, George Lemnon, Katherine McDonald,
R. X. Ryan Jr., L. X. Ryan, G. C. Murphy.
A. L. Williams. A. L. White, George V. Ey,
Frank R. Handy and wife, L. Baumgarten.
From Santa Rosa — J. W. Barrows. Mrs. P.
H. Noonan, Leo Noonan. Miss M. J. Noonan.
John T. Campbell, Mrs S. Graham; Lloyd
Graham. Mr. and Mrs. James Hord, Ml«s Ethel
Ellison, G. R. Armstrong. From Berkeley —
Mies Marion Holmes, George Sully, Mrs.
Gecrge Sully, George Sully Jr., ; R.YJ. Sully.
From Mllpltas— Gertrude- O'Toole, Florence
Murphy. , Margaret Flynn. From Oakland— A.
L. Bradbury, Mrs. L. E. Bradbury, Miss Brad
bury. Miss. Laura , Wood, M. D. Merrit and
family, E. J. Shepardson, John Ferron, Miss
F. Wenner, Marie Lemon. Misa Loofburow,
Emma Loofburow, Agnea Loofburow, A.
F. Spencer. From Concord — B. Thomsen, W. J.
Keller. From Antloch— E. Sweeny, C. Cleaver.
From Valley Ford— C. A. Le ' Baron, Mrs. C.
A. Le Baron. From Alameda— A. W. Potts.
AT HOTEL DEL CA3ADERO: From San
Francisco— Mrs. E. Grenberg-, Misa E. G. Dody,
Mrs. M. G. Forbes, Charles L. Thomas and
wife, Mrs. T. T. Jones. J. Medus. Jack Walsh.
J. F. Coleman. Hans Veronl and wife, R. A.
Drir:kson, Nick Lohee. B. C. Brooks, C. G.
Bolsdorff, E. H. Hanscomb. Thomas Baldwin,
O. Olscfeslson. K. A. Lundstrom and daugh
ter. Miss S. Lutes, Miss H. Dodge, Judge Fred
S. Cone and -wife, Mrs. Flora Thomas, "Miss
Blake, O. A. Day. R. A. Day, James Jones,
J. R. Christie and wife, Bernal Jaulus, A.
Overholser and wife, Misa Lena Bee, W V.
Walshe and wife, H. J. Norris, Dr. W. A.
Melprdierks. Mr and Mrs. P. L. McClure, M.
O. Taylor. H. L.. Gardiner, J. V. Parker, W.
H. Cobb, Georgft Renner and wife, R. Chartrey
and wife. Misa Mary McBride. Mrs. G. Boro
tra, J. B. John, Charles Bass and wife. Miss
Ada Runner, George Rumble, H. F Adler, H.
Spies, Miss C. McKlnnln, Paul Soule. A". Mourl,
Fred 'P. Anth*s and wife. S. P. Metzner. S.
A. Mlllstead. J. K)dder. Miss Marie Whltmor*.
Miss- Gertrude Severance, Clarence M. Reed,
Phil John, A. Lloyd, Frank J.' Arrausy, Mr.
and Mrs. John Clark, Frank Jaccott, Miss
Lossle Spies, Charles Mautalen, Miss E. . F.
Hanavan, Mirvln L. Blake. El A. Gunderfln
ger, Battling Nelson, E. Jordan.
AT SARATOGA SPRINGS: From San
Francisco— F. Muller and wife. J. H. Temple
and wife, Mrs. S. Williams, M. D. Green,
Miss H. Raleigh. F. Raleigh, N. T. Lorenzen.
Charles Lorenzen. 6. A. Draffln, Mrs. T.
Irwln. D. Draffln, Mrs. N. H. Tomlins. Mrs.
H. Blythe. August Irish. . Charles Talbot,
Henry Lachman.i Davy Mahoney. P. A. Mc-
Fadden, Jack Murphy, J. L. O'Neil, Mrs S
Jones, Mrs. M. Davis, Austin Scott, E. A.
Mason and wife, Miss D. Caldwell, F. M.
Berg, Louis West, Joseph Smith, William
Fisher and wife. From San X>lego — E. S.
Beadles. From Oakland — J. M. Shannon, H.
Parker. B. Dean, Miss A. M. Murray C. C.
Cox. From Stockton — M. McDonald. From
Santa Rosa— C. A. Page. From Auburn— J.
Rosenblatt. C. R. Gould, A. Gould. From
Pioche. Nev. — Joseph Lazarus. Hank Down-
Ing. From Blair, Nebr.— W. H. Frank. From
Mlllard, ¦ Nebr. — Charles Swift. From Ala
meda—Miss Bertha Moore, Miss Ethla Brooks.
From Santa Clara — Andrew Peterson. From
Bakersfleld— M. Dugan. From Callstoga—
Henry Schneider. •
AT AGUA CALIENTE SPRINGS: From
San Francisco— Mrs. E. Johnston. Mrs. L.
Flr.khousen, A. F. Burns. George Blgley, Miss
Nellie McQillian. Mrs. McGilllan Arthur L
Judie. Mrs. Arthur L. Judle, Robert Mc-
Nicolas, Daniel ClI/Tord, Mr. and Mrs, A. 8.
Block, M. - J. Rodrtgtfes and wife/ A. BJom
qulBt. • Misa Leonora Butzback, Misses Maud
and May Foley, D. W. Long and wife. Mrs.
F. A. Miller, F. J. Boneto, Miss Cecilia Les
zinsky, Mies Mary Agnes Dolan, Miss Mamie
Coyne. F. D. Harvey. E. J. Campion, J. N.
Sims. Miss Bessie Marks. George Ros3 Jack
son, Professor G. R. Puckett, Dr. J. R. Long,
S. Armstrong. Mrs. J. F. Lyons. C. G. Dete
rr.an. R. Morris. R. E. Hartler, John Tamony,
F. W. Burke. L. Barner, Professor Robert
Gilchrlst, Miss B. Chaplain. Miss C. McDon
ald. W. H. Renner, W. H. Mores. Thomas
Regan. John Fitzgerald, Mrs. Foley. From
Oakland— MIes C. McDonald, Miss L. Gin
chard, H. R. Ginchard. S. L. Surr, George II.
Jeffries, C. J. Boyman and . family. From
San Diego — John R. Spaldlng. From Berkeley
—Mrs. S. L. Earley, Miss Anna W. Swartz.
From Chicago— A. J. Boyne. From Valley
Springs— A. d e Martini. From Alameda — J.
D. Bacon, Mrs. J. D. Bacon, Katie Kenny,
Mrs. A. J. Crawford. • .•>•.->
AT ADAMS SPRINGS: From San Fran
cisco — Bello Singer, Rose Greenlee, Fred G.
Perrott, William Cantwell, Mr. and Mrs. Wil
son, H. Lackman M. S. Kosenalad, B. Walsh,
W. F. Dinnigan, R. Hooper, E. R. Bart, W.
J. Kennedy, W. S. Phillips, K. S. Holt, Mrs.
F. S. Holt, airs. W. C. Herbert, D. Warde, W.
G. barr, F. E. Finnerty, F. T. Martens A.
Marron, J. gack. Mrs. I. S. Alexander, MU3
May Kilday, Mise May Ward, Miss A. Her
bert. Rutb Herbert. Mr. and Mrs. Sheldon.
Washington Dodge, Master Dodge, Margaret
Herbert. J'annette Herbert, J. H. Palmer. F.
J. Brandon, E. M. Behn, Ed Stelin, Mrs. E.
M. Stelin, Mrs M. Elsert, Mrs: F. J. Pohl,
Frank Johnson, Captain Hunt, Miss Madlne
Stelin, Lon McKelly, H. Kessler, F. E. Stohln,
g. Lewis. E. H. Hall. B. Krum, L., P. Baker,
George Hay»s. Miss Strome, Mr. Keyes, H.
C. Blfcom. J. g. Bloom, T. C. Colbert, W.
Walker, C. T. Page, S. C. Cook, Mrs. Stage,
Master Stage, Mrs. Culvert. G. C. Parker. Ed
Hide, A. C. Burk, Miss Burk, P. Sutton, J. C.
Sutton. G. Crocker. Mr. Duvlll, C. Cox, O.
Clancy, H. J. Helms, C. Cavanaugh, W. Gris
wold. MIbs McCarty. Mlns Ida Smith. M. M.
Shannan, T J. Toomey. T. C. Hesser, G.
Mathews Mr.' Kilday, Mr. Hoyt, E. Hughes,
G. Levy. E.- Rlssman E. T. Poulson, M. E.
Hill, Alice Dlxon, Joe Frasher, J. C. Hall.
Melvin Prather, Clarence Prather, E. C. Heas,
E. Daly. Jerry Bull, C. P. Ward, Mr. John
son. Edith Aahton Nellie Prather, Mrs. Her
ron, George Burk," Dr. Smith. Rev. Mr. Tay
lor, Mrs. Charles Hady, Miss G. Renyoa, J.
F. Donovan, Joe Kennedy, Edith Donovan,
Henry Lackman, M. Hunt. A. Holtna, T.
Haskell, Charles Beck, W. »E. Dervesse, Ed
Schivary, John Crowly, Joe Holdrish, Mr. and
Mrs. Ducwnrpon, F. Nielsen. Mr. and Mrs.
Fox. George Fluing, Mat Tierney, John
Bgacci, J. Beltram*-, Miss E. Stock, W. H.
Davis. George' State, J. C. Stage, E. Stick
ling." E. P. Denoth, T. C. Walker, F. Whelon,
Arthur Hale. Harry Hale. Miss McCormlck.
Edith Swain. From Napa — E. J. Wilson and
¦wife. Mr. and Mrs. Second. Mrs. Ray Ben
nett. Miss L. Bennett. Mrs. E. Willlamgon.
Mr. Burk. Mrs. Williams, Miss Marie Wil
liams, H. Anderson. A. Bickford, Mr. and
Mrs. H. P. . Anderson, Bent Boegs , Irene
Bogrgs, W. PlUard, W. Willis, S. Keithly, C.
Selber, C. P. Mayers, George TJcDevitt Ed
Jordan. Miss Hoffman, Paul Gagan, W. Chat
field. M. Pidge, Joe Edwarda. From Vallejo—
J. B. Richard, Mrs. W. Ensrllsh. Miss I.
English. J. B. Vassar, W. Parkin, Etta Smith,
W. Wettmore. H. Benshin, Charles Peter*.
Mrs. A. Bickford. Jessie Peck, A. Burmann.
H. Nahan, K. CaeDer. Mrs. B. Ely, . Mr. and
Mrs, Buck, Mr. and Mrs. Hollister, Mr. and
Mrs. Silva. E. T. Ladd. C. P. Hlggins, J.
Remfee. P. Knight. Ed Gorman, Miss Crogan,
Miss Cartwell. From Oakland— C. A. Clark,
J. M. Shannan. W. I B. Standeford, William
F. Huril. W. F. Connelly. Mrs. S. Short.
Mrs. T. W. Gartner J. D. Richie, J. A. Dan
elson, Mrs. T. L. Fassett. George Mayard, C.
A. Page, James O'Neil. T. Hackett, G. Plum,
Mr. Houts. W. Rice. T. S. Barler, T. Marlin,
Eta Smyth, Miss Glower, Miss Parmer, Mr.
and Mrs. Stalk. Jack Jeffries, Burt Hynes,
Miss P. Blane.
The country is never more alluring
than now in the early fall. The hotels
are not overcrowded, the chairs on the
porches are not pre-empted and there
are no relays .in the dining-room— all
of which is greatly to be welcomed
to him who was jostled about in' the
busy July days.
For rest and quiet, likewise for
pleasure, now Is the time to take to
the woods. Following are recent ar
rivals at various resorts:
AT HOTEL EL. CARMELO, Pacific Grove —
"Wlltam 'Krans, • Ben Morris, Georse H.
Uruwn, J. V. . Kimball, J. E. Newman Mrs.
U G. Folcy, Mrs. Susie Whiting, C. E. Mc-
Pherson. O. H. Green, \V. Rosunberp, Mr. and
Mrs. Holwe, Mr.' and Mrs. William*. E. K.
llrown, K. U. Uuode, H. Hume, Mr. and Mrs.
Ormsby. II. J. 1 Snell, from San Kranclsco; Mrs.
H. Harms, H. M. Stanford, Pacinc Grove; J.
K. Hays. Los Anselei; J. G. Spruce, Ala
niedu; Mrs. j s. p er t. Grimes; H. C. Tiop
p«;r. l^eano; A. K. Knight, Shanghai; Uib.
il. C. Kirk. Miss Kirk, K. A. Mchols, H.
Welnstock, \V. Wcinatock, Sacramento; J. 'M.
Condit, H. l. Beaulieu, Oakland; J. Sward,
Chicago; Mrs. L. B. Milee, Mrs. Brown and
family, Colusa; W J. Harley, Miss A. Camp
bill, Vuba City; E J. Purceil, Lob Angeles;
Gertrude Byron Elsie Byron, F. A. Dinsmore,
Ban Jose; D. B Guile, Woodland; A. Miller,
Yaklma; Mrs. E. Partridge, Miss Partridge,
Miss Leahman E. P. Leahman, Charles Par
jrid^e, HJdlands; Mrs. 'A. P. Martin, Newark,
*>'. J.; Mrs. T. A. Uuffnian, Woodland: H. L..
Gold, liakfersfleld; E.'^A. Olendorff, Ked lilutt;
Captain W. Burrows. Sausallto, ¦ . v* • •..=
Life at the Resorts
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', SUNDAY, AUGUST 7, 1904.
36
If you wish to bay or trade
horses or wagons our advertis-
ers will meet your wants.
Bargains hi to-day's HORSE
AND WAGON" COLU3INS.
AMUSEMISXTS.
UNION
COURSING
PARK
P. 7. KEIIiLY Jadre
JAS. r. GRACE SUpper
TO-DAY, SUNDAY, AUGUST 7.
Reserve and
Beaten Dog Stakes
Eighty Races
-GBEAT SPORT AND~
"A CHANCE TO SPECULATE EVERT
THREE MINUTES."
TRAIN SERVICE BOTH WATS.
Leaves Third and Townsend streets 10:15
and 1 p. m. : Twenty-fifth and Valencia sts.
five minutes later. Returning at. 4:45 p. m.
and alter the last course. San Mateo electric
cars every four minutes during the day.
INGLESIDE
COURSIN^ PARK.
\ Every
SATURDAY
and
SUNDAY.
Coonlnr will beeln at 11 o'clock (harp and
continue until th« last winning flag goes up.
TOTAL PRIZES : : :• $2000
All Mlsslon-st. car* transfer to Guerrero
cars, wtlch go direct to th» park.
JOHN GRACE. Judge.
EDWARD 6HORTSTAQ. Bllpper.
Hl^ti-CIass Specialties Every After-
' noon and Evening In the Theater.
COOPER and ROGERS; LESLIE'S TRAINED
riGS: CAMPBELL ; and' JOHNSON:
- CHARLES P. LOWE:- JAMES T. DERVIN;
MABEL LAMBON AND NEW MOVING
• PICTURES. .• . . .._:-.-
3 BABT LIONS IN THE 200.
cp:pil| ChUOren VUltlasr the i Chute*
Or*.lilAL Bnaa^y Kornlar* wlU !)• »lv*a
ticket! for the MlnUtur* Electric H*U-
ro*d. rtrrli Tffhtri and Oalloplne Horses
WITHOUT EXTRA CHABQJC.
Admission, 10c: Children, 6c
SAN FRANCISCO j»
BY AUTOMOBILE <^t^a^
CALL t^j^^^^)
1EOBZLZ CABRIAGE CO.
- GOLDEN GATE A VE. ar.d GO UGH 31.
Phone Private IZxchanjre T70. ¦ -¦'¦:
Downtown offlcea — Court Palace Hotel; Lobby
St. Stands Hotel; Lobby or Occidental Hotel.
AMUS^KXTs. ,
\V<*k O»t- 1 m*nclrs THIS AFTERNOON,
' Accost T. -
Vaudeville's Superlative
The Five Madcaps
ln.tfceir Senrttional Duncing Act. In-
c*.ud;ns
! HI.SUN-. M/DCA?
I \VJth 1h* I.»««-»t Radium l-!gfrt<.
Harry-FOY & GLARK-Flo
la their New Comedy. "OLD CUUICSITT
.SHUJV
CbarlesGUYER & O'NEIL N 3 me
Eccentric Vannr*. latp of "THE DABES
IN TOYL.AXD."
McCabe, Sabins and Vera
Tb» Pr^rcUr* of n^cratric Coracdj.
LES OLOPAS
Europe'B Greatest Musical Equlllbrlstic
Noveltr. '
HUGHES MUSICAL TRIO"
In their Ref.ned Entertainment.
EMPIRE COMEDY FOUfl
Offering aa Entire Charige cf Sr*<-*'-*'t>-
1 Orpheum Motion Pictures
Showing the latest Novelties.
Last Week ar.d Great Success of
Olive May&J.W.AIbaujiiJr.
Fresestln* -THE GIRL FROM KANSAS."
[ by Ursr.t Stewart.
Regular Matln*ei every Wedneaday,
Thursday. Saturday and Sunday.
FBICES — 10c, 25c and 50c
&2±£. MONDAY VS1SSZ.
CHARLES FROHMAN Presents
HENRY
MILLER
AXTS AZT AVOXE5TSO COKFAMT
Ir. Henry Arthur Jones* Brilliant Comedy.
JOSEPH
ENTANGLED
\ ¦ '
Direvt from th«? Haymarket Theater. London.
' CALIFORNIA-^
r MATIXEK T*-DAT— AU Thl« Weelt
51 The Elmer Walters Co.
P«e«i m PRESENTING THE ROAK-
¦ i [\ ING COMEDY MELO.
• - r * DRAMA
~ MILLIONAIRE
|^ TRAMP £'£%-
pOC| We xt— Jn« Before Dawn.
Ccmiag- — August 28th
FLORENCE ROBERTS
KiyraBement Limited to Ftour Weeks Only.
I'nder thi» Direction of Frederic Belasco.
Second W«k and Tremendous Success.
"The Whirl of the Town"
SUPERB— SCENIC— SINGING — SENSATION
» Gigantic. Hpectarular Buriesqirs.
• Three Very Funny AcU.
Cast of Unexcelled Artists.
DOROTHY MORTON, NORA BATES.
FIX>SSIE HOPE. RICE AND CADT. BOBBY
NORTH, EDWIN CLARK. BEN DILLON.
LIONEL LAWRENCE.
PRETTY CHORUS OF 40.
30 Novelties and Nev Specialties.
• Ntxt Attraction — '" THE ANHEUSER-
BUEH." A Burlesque SenraUon.
TIVOLISsir
Beginning MONDAY ONO
CVEMNG. " J BIG
AUGUST EIGHTH Lj Y/EEK
Of tht Euperb TSvoll SejwitloB
THE
Toreador
By Ivan Caryll and Lionel Moncten
WITH AN UNRIVALED CAST
BEATS NOW READY
Urea I Tlvoll Prices — 25c. fiOc, 75c.
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY
ALCAZAR "~T
General Manager.
Last Time To-Nirht. WHITE WHITTLESEY
IN A SPECIAL PRODUCTION OT BUL.WER'8
THE LAST Or X.TOHS.
MONDAY NIGHT— ALL WEKK.
MATINEES THURSDAY AND SATURDAY.
Ev*;. 25c to 75c. Mats. Tlmrs. A 8tt, 28e to 60o
\A/sHHTT«S | And the Alctar Stock Co. |
WHITTLEbEY
In the first San Francisco oroductlon "of *"
SH ERIDAJ\]
Or tho Maid of Bath I Si
A ROMANTIC COMEDT BT PAUL M.
POTTER.
MOlff.. AUG. 18. MR. WHITTLESET IN
HALL CAINES MASTERPIECE. "THE
MANXMAN." - . , -
CENTRALS
Market Street. Near Eithtn— Phon« Eouth 633.
MATINEE TO-DAY- To-nlcht Last Tlm« of
the Maxslficent Drama,
SERGEANT JAMES
TO-MORROW NIOHT— ALL NEXT WEEK,
Matinees Saturday and Sunday,
A BUNCH OF KEYS"
Ballet of Frettr Girls! Songs!
Dances ! Medleys !
Reappearance of the Frisco Favorite,
JAMES CORRIGAN.
D Rirce Kv*nln*s 10c to 60c
f&lVE*? Matinees.... 10c. lfic, 25c
ADVEltTISEMEN'TS.
I Nsw Style Autumn Garments at |
New Styl6 Autumn Tailor-Made Suits
At H5 00 H7- 50 and $ 20 00
The grandest styles and greatest values. The new " Tourist
Suit/' the modish "Mikado" and the swell Tuxedo Suits, made
of extra good quality material.
Unexcelled Workmanship. Perfect Fitting.
New style Amumn Jackets, at $6.50, $7.50 and $10.00
CRAVENETTE COATS, full length
y ".? I:-". $11.00, $13 50 and $15.00
SILK COATS-Spedal at .... $5.00, $7.50 and $10.00
Full length TOURIST COATS, $7.50, $8.50 and $10.00
MISSES' and CHILDREN'S COATS, elegant styles, rich tailor-
ing:, from , .$5.00 to $15.00
2000 Mew Style SKIRTS
WALKING SKIRTS-Good quality, $2.50, $3.50, $5.00
DRESS SKIRTS-Noveities .$5, $6, $7.50 and $10.00
CREPE DE CHINE SKIRTS I
$15.00, $18.50, $20.00, $25.00
Fur Jackets and Fur Capes
AT LOWEST MARKET PRICES.
1230, 1232, 123Jy MARKET STREET.
A3IJDSEMEXTS;
I GRAND SSS
WEEK BEGINNING
MATINEE TO-DAY
Mr. JAMES_ NEILL
I A PARISIAN I
I ROMANCE 1
SS, .t. 15c, 25c, 50c
fjr% i i I iT~ii^ riAwnTl^J rLtfib^iilTH^S * r
$LffORHIA'6(jftEAT
Agricultural,
Exposition.
TWO WEEKS OF RUNNING
SL HARNESS RACING,
EXHIBITS CARRIED FREE.
S e c re t a ry president!
sacramei^to.cal.
MISCELIiAXEOUS.
' !
PlTT'S^Slti
KOD AI^Ss I
Developing
and Printing i
Can't be excelled at /Jot <%
ANY PWCE^^ v Wg|^
. His prices are low- p[w ]
er than "those of any I if F^l
one else in the busi- I I vL
ness. Send him a
trial order and you'll Qigg^JB; |
never regret it. Here IJ3E33 99
are a few figures: . !
DEVELOPING.
Roll of six 10c
Roll of twelve . . .': .15c
, . FRINT2NCK
SoliO finish v. 3c to Be
Velox finish .'.............. .3o to 6o
ANSCO CAKSaAS carried In Stock.
DAYLIGHT LOADING FILMS, for
all Kodaks, at his- usual low prices.
CYKO PHOTO PAPER, prints by
artificial Hsht. Try it. You'lUike it
and want" more. '.' ---—--•¦ ¦
Cameras repaired at low figures.
' Mall orders promptly filled. ,
THAT MAN PITTS,
F. W. PITTS." The Stationer,
•1 .1008 MARKET ST.. Opp. riXth.
: '¦- . BAN FRANCISCO. . •
D«1« rA > DONT FAIL TO
-rdiatO- 8 ee -the -beautiful !
j 1. . . COURT Lounging
<\ llfl" room, the EMPIRE
ttUU ; :¦;'-: ,-PA.RXOR, the
/»^ /J J : PALM ROOM, the
lirSfiQ LOUIS XV PAR.
1 * 114 * : :LOR, and the LA-
,D^j.^|i.i DIES' WRITING
Hotels room.
|ASTHMANOLA| /
Xm tH« only cur« for Henrom and
Bronchial ASTHMA.
Year Druggist or at 698 HAIQHT ST..
¦ .- v gan Fraaclico, CaU .;
ADVERTISEMENTS. ,
' If You Want a Good
Trunk or Bag
jrf:||||- : f?;ijpl
A. B. Smith Co.,
116 Ellis, above Powell,
have just the article you are
looking for. We carry every
style of Trunk, Bay or Suit
Case.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all othir facial blemishes ara r«noT«db»
MISS LOl.S GRAY. rormerly MRS. DR.
TRAVERSE. Donoht* blda.. -11TO Market «t-.
cor. Taylor.rooma 29 -20. with th« «lectrie tt«e41«;
permanency guaranteed; boura X u» 4 p. a. -
MMI^^^^ > »*M"W^slMi«WWBli»«WMMBi1^gBMIsl»salssWMIi^Wsl^liWi^^
Our Metu fyll >B^S fSSZsJ C^(ft ° Ut patr7n^ Dn
w/wlSlyoFl Kearll y aild SUtter St ?« 1 LTgH^boun-
,',- c °Py free. store o pcns #.3O J9. M., Closes 5.3O P. M. tgr yourself.
" Another Surprising Purchase of
Fine Black Silk Petticoats
(Third Floor Kearnjr St.) /
Here's a sale of Silk Petticoats that's bound to attract San Francisco's smartest dressers — for
they are in the most wanted up-to-date styles, finely made and well fitting. We secured them
through a fortunate trade transaction and offer them in two big lots to-morrow, as follows:
Black Taffeta Silk Underskirts, excellent quality, with Silk Petticoats, handsomely made of-Yme, rustling
- nine-Inch tucked flounce, trimmed with narrow ruffle. Black Swiss Taffeta of superior quality — full width
When you see them you'll wonder how . and trimmed with accordion-plaited
they could be made for the price. Your CO /ft flounce, ' edged with small ruffle. Sale \£i Mil
I choice Monday at : <ftO.HU . | price, Monday ••• S*" T - VPV
On Goes the Sale of Undermuslins
s 'fJl-'-T ' " <*Third Floor Kearny St.) . „ . e \A r
Last week's success induces us to continue this sale another week. This ottering or iuusim
Underwear was very broadly planned. Successful result is evidenced in the magnificent variety of
styles and prices— for never were undergarments of such qualities offered at the prices we quote :
FINE MUSLIN "GOWNS.... 45c, 65c, 75c, 85c, $1.00, $1.20 up to f 5.50
BEST MUSLIN DRAWERS... 25c, 35c, 45c, 65c, $1.00, $1. 25 up to $2.75
I SOME PRETTY CHEMISES 45c, 65c. 85c, 90c, 51.00, $1.25 up to $3.50
DAINTY CORSET COVERS....... 20c, 45c, 65c, 85c, $1.00, $1.15 up to $2.50 .
CHOICE MUSLIN SKIRTS 90c, $1.00, $1.13, $1.35, $1.85, $2.00 up to $6.00
Some Values from the Upholstery Department
7 (Second Floor Suttcr Street) .-.?••*.
We wish to call special attention to this department. Besides being an ideal shopping place —
the goods are strictly high grade — varieties are enormous — and prices are phenomenally low.
These special inducements for to-morrow :
TAPESTRY TABLE COVERS TAPESTRY COUCH COVERS
Rich Oriental designs, in the most serviceable colors. Exquisite colorings, in Persian, Bagdad, Negus and Ort-
They are fringed on all sides and reversible. ental effects— all full 3 yards long.
Regular $1.50 Cloth at $1.00 2x2 yards $2.75 Quality on Sale at $2.25... .60 ins. wide.
Regular $2.50 Cloth at $2.00 2x2 yards $4-co Quality on Sale at $3.50 72 Ins. wide.
Regular $3.00 Cloth at $2.50.. 2x2 yards >5-5° Quality on Sale at $4.50 72 ins. wide. . <
Regular $3.56 Cloth at {2.75 2x2 yards > -. $7.00 Quality on Sale at $6.00.... 60 ins. wide.
— — — _^ — , . ,
Beautiful Lace Robes Under Price
j (First Floor Kearny St.) ..-. ' :
I Robes of Lace, Etamine, Net and Spangles — in choicest designs and patterns — those exquisite
creations that make the handsomest of gowns for theatre, dinner or reception wear — marked at
the following low prices for Monday :
$25.00 Robes, Reduced to '. $17.50 $125.00 Robes, Reduced to $ 95.00
I $35.00 Robes, Reduced to f20.00 $165.00 Robes, Reduced to $110.00
$50.00 Robes, Reduced to.. $30.00 $200.00 Robes, Reduced to $145.00
We Have Reduced Prices Astonishingly
To Clear Bathing Suits Without Delay
(Third Floor Kearny St.) - ...
It will pay you to purchase your new Bathing Suit now instead of next summer. We're sacri-
ficing all odd lots and broken sizes — among them this season's newest Shirtwaist, Sailor and
Russian Blouse Suits — and they are reduced this way; '
$2.50, $3.00 and $3.50 Suits Reduced to S2.OO
$4.50, $5.00 and $5.50 Suits Reduced to $3.5O
Dress Trimming Remnants - Silk Cushion Covers
At One-Half Price - Specially Priced for Monday
(First Floor Kearny St.) * (Second Floor Kearny St.}
. It's our annual Clearance Sale and gives patrons— These are European Novelties In Cushion Covers-
dressmakers and ladies' tailors In particular— an opportun- some In light colors, others are In beautiful pastel shades
Ity to secure extraordinary, values In Fine Trimmings. — in the newest and .handsomest designs. They are made
Among them are Appliques, Passementeries and Gimps, of finest quality Brocaded Peaude Cygne— all ready for
in Silk, Spangle and Bead effects; also an enormous ,use— size 22x23 inches. On sale to-morrow, <*, __
variety of Braids— all ONE-HALF OFF To-morrow, (while quantity lasts, each*../..;........ 5>1.75.Turpentine has been found to be an
antidote for carbolic acid.
Japan is certainly up to date In the
vices as well as the virtues of the
West. But it comes as something of a
shock to find that the land of the
chrysanthemum is suffering from the
boarding and advertlsement*-curse. •" All
the most beautiful spots where tourists,
travel are rendered unsightly by un*
decipherable signs and all along the
railway lines and at the railway sta
tions ugly boardings blot out all that
Is beautiful. Some of the boardings
range from ten to thirty feet in height.
Signs of Civilization.
A curious character came up recently
for trial In Paris in the person of Au
guste Baumann, charged with the at
tempted murder of Abbe Lebel in No
vember last. Baumann's own descrip
tion of himself is as follows: "I am
not an anarchist, I am a 'revolte,' an
independent; I support no prticular
theory. I have no grudge against Abbe
Lebel, but I am opposed on principle to
all priests,, soldiers, magistrates and
professors. Desirous of ending my life,
I have given myself up as a prisoner
and demand to be. sent o the guillo
tine." The court could not quite see its
way to grant this request, but'awarded
the prisoner fifteen years' penal s.ervi
tude, with ten yeaYs' exile to, follow.—
New York Tribune.
Wanted to Be Guillotined.
OAKLAND, Aug. 6. — Mayor War
ren Olney returned to-day from his
vacation and announces that he will
at once resume the conduct of the
business of the city. Much has ac
cumulated during the absence of the
Mayor, but he is so much improved
in health that he feels able to cope
with it all. ; ; ; .
ley Democratic Club has named the
following delegates to the State and
county conventions: County — Niles B.
Searles, Charles Mills Gayley, Chaun
cey W. Wells, Edward S. Fowler,
George M. Robertson, Olin Welburn
Jr., Harry A. Encell. William A.
Powell, Frank Fagan, Charles F.
Fraser, Philip Munro, S. J. Sill, C. R.
Hoessll, J. M. Spencer, James O'Neill,
Clyde E. Abbott, Earle H. Webb.«
State— W. H. Mara, Rufus A. Berry,
Clyde E. Abbott, Hansford B. Griffith.
Richard O'Connor.
Mayor Returns From Vacation.
OAKLAND, Aug.. 6.— W. F. Den
ning, former manager here for the
Singer Sewing Machine Company, is
charged with having embezzled $2000
of the company's funds. He was ar
rested at Sacramento to-day and
brought to Oakland this evening by
Constable Hempstead. He had been
out camping with his two children, a
girl 14 years of age and a boy 12.
Several days ago he was arrested for
trespass. He did not understand .what
the charge was and asked if it was
for some trouble he was in at Oak
land. The Sacramento County au
thorities immediately got into com
munication with the police here and
his identity was discovered.
An affecting scene took place be
tween the father and the children
when they were separated. The Sac
ramento County officers promised to
take good care of the children.
Denning claims that he is not an
embezzler. He says that the missing
money -was lost through poor man
agement. He was broken in health,
he says, and took his children out
into the country to recuperate.
Accused by Slnjrer Sewinc Machine
Company of Having Stolen
$2000 From It.
DENNING ARRESTED ON" '
CHARGE OF EMBEZZLEMENT
THE CARXAHXBA PALM
A MOST USEFUL TREE
Said to Be the Most Marvelous
• Growth In the Vegetable
World.
Undoubtedly the most marvelous trea
In the world grows in Brazil. It is tha
carnahuba palm, and can be employed
for many useful purposes. Its roots pro
duce the same medicinal effect as sar
saparllla. Its stems afford strong, light
fibers, which acquire a beautiful luster
and serve also foe joists, rafters and
other building materials, as well as for
stakes for fences.
From parts of the tree wines and
vinegars are made. It yields also a sac
charine substance, as well as a starch
resembling sago. Its fruit is used for
feeding cattle. The pulj> has an agree
able taste, and the nut, which is ole
aginous and ' emulsive. Is sometimes
used as a substitute for coffee. Of the
wood of the stem musical Instruments.
water tubes and pumps are made. The
pith is an excellent substitute for cork.
From the stem a white liquid similar to
the milk of the cocoanut and a flour re
sembling maizena may be extracted.
Of the straw, hats, baskets, brooms
and mats are made. A considerable
quantity of this straw is shipped to Eu
rope, and a part of it returns to Brazil
manufactured into hats. The straw 13
also used for thatching houses. More
over, salt Is extracted from it, and like
wise an alkali used in the manufacture
of common soap.— Exchange.
All the writing and copying inks used
by the Russian Government are of for
eign origin.
The storing of coal dt Gibraltar Is ac
complished by means of a very curious
plant which has Just been completed
for the pumping station at Landpert.
In the huge rock fortress the coal store,
boiler house and the engine room ad
joining are worked under compressed
air and are necessarily airtight. Tho
store to which the coal has to be con
veyed is hewn out of the solid rock
and Is absolutely bombproof. A special
feature Is the arrangement of the coal
plant In such a way that it does not
interfere with the air pressure. • The
coal is lifted from the coal tip fifty
seven feet below the horizontal trav
eler. The skip by which the coal la
conveyed is raised by means of a steel
wire rope working over pulleys and
around a driving drum. The time oc
cupied by the skip in traveling from
coal tip to coal store is two minutes.
At this end, and on a level with tho
motors, a' sentry box Is hewn out of
the rock, where the man who controls
the gearing: for hoisting the Bkip is
housed and has practically a full view
of all three operations. — New -York
Tribune.
while for the total white population
the per cent Is 37.3 and for Southern
whites 24.2."— New York Sun.
BRITAIN'S COAL SUPPLY
AT GIBRALTAR FORTRESS
FRIDAY NOT "HOODOO"
DAY' FOR AMERICA
A Number of Happenings Most For
tuitous for . Us Have Fallen
on That Day.
Friday, August 3, 1492, Christopher
Columbus set sail from Port Palos,
Spain, on his great journey.
Friday, October 12, 1492, he discover
ed land.
Friday, January 4, 1493, he sailed on
his return voyage' to Spain.
Friday, March 14, 1493, he arrived at
Palos on his return voyage.
Friday, November 22, 1493, he landed
at Espanolo on his second voyage to
America.
Friday, June 12, 1494, he discovered
the mainland of South America.
Friday, March 5, 1496, Henry VIII
gave John Cabot his commission to
pursue the discovery of America, which
resulted in finding North America.
Friday, September 7, 1565, Mendez
founded St. Augustine, Fla., the oldest
town in the United States.
Friday, December 2, 1620. the Pilgrim
Fathers landed at Plymouth Rock.
Friday, February . 22, 1732, George
Washington Avas born.
Friday, June 16, 1755, Bunker Hill was
seized and fortified.
Friday, October 17, 1777, Burgoyne
surrendered at -Saratoga. - -
Friday, September 22, 1780, Benedict
Arnold's treason was discovered. '
Friday, September 19, 1791, Lord
Corn wallis surrendered at Yorktbwn.
Friday, /July 4, 1776, a motion was
made by John Adams in the Conti
nental ' Congress that "The United
States are and ought to be indepen
dent."—Exchange.
WIgg— "Are the BJoneses very so
ciable people?" "Wagg— "Well, the
last time I was there they taught me a
new game of solitaire."
As a result of requests for informa
tion from all over the country the Cen
sus Office lately issued a bulletin on
"Negroes In the United States," con
taining statistics with regard to the
extent, character and condition of the
negro population in the several States
pf ttie Union. The summary of the re
sults given in the bulletin is in part as
folBpvs:
'The number of negroes in the United
States (including: Alaska, . Hawaii and
Porto Rico) is 9,200,000— perhaps a
larger number than is found in any
other country outside of Africa. Near
ly nine-tenths of the negroes in conti
nental United States are found in the
Southern, States. The largest number
of negroes living in compact masses are
found in certain urban counties, sev
eral of which -lie outside of the great
cotton growing States. The four, each
having over 75,000, are the District of
Columbia; Shelby County, Tennessee,
containing Memphis; Baltimore City,
Md., and Orleans Parish, La., coexten
sive with New Orleans.
15 TO }.
"The district in which the propor
tion of negroes is greatest lies in the
Mississippi alluvial region along both
banks of the Lower Mississippi, where
five-eighths of the population is ne
gro, the maximum being in Issa
quena County, .Miss., with more than
fifteen negroes to each white person.
The center of the negro population is
in De Kalb County, Alabama, about
four miles from the western boundary
of Georgia and thirty-three miles
south of the southern boundary of
Tennessee.
"In the country districts as a whole
the negro males outnumber the negro
females slightly, and in the cities the
females outnumber the males decided
ly. This disassoclation of the sexes
between city and country is far more
marked among negroes than among
whites and has increased since 1890.
MANY ILLITERATES.
"Among negroes 44.5 per cent are il
literate. The percentage of Illiteracy
has decreased rapidly since 1S90, when
it was about seven times as common
as among whites, and this ratio be
tween the races has not altered ma
terially in the last ten years. Illiteracy
among Southern negroes is about four
times that among Southern whites. If
the percentage of illiterates should fall
in each succeeding ten years bv as
great an amount as it did between
1890 and 1900, an Improbable assump
tion, it would reach zero about 1940.
"There was a decided increase be
tween 1S90 and 1900 in the proportion
of marriages among young negroes.
This" increase of early marriages was
yet more j marked among Southern
whites of both sexes, and was prob
ably due to the great prosperity of the
country just before 1900.
'There are nearly 4,000,000 negroes in
the United States engaged in gainful
occupations. These persons, who may
be called breadwinners, constitute 45.2
per cent of the total negro population,
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Aug. 6.
, Imagining that the space within the
- Inner rail of Judge Ogden's courtroom
• was the Interior of a prizering, Charlie
Tye. the lightweight prizefighter,
• charged with insanity, this morning
started a bout with another Insane
man by the name of John A. Nystrom.
Only the timely Interference of the
bailiff prevented Tye from scoring a
knockout.
Jloth men were before the court to
j have the time for their examinations
regarding their sanity set and had
teen left seated by themselves. Nys
trom seemingly was cold and got out
, ©f his chair and began to double shuf
fl<? and sidestep to get warm. In a
f^cond Tye was on his fet and toed
- the scratch. He assumed a fighting
• posture and was eyeing Nystrom like a
• hawk. Unconcernedly Nystrom went
en with his antics, until suddenly
•• catching sight of Tye, he made a jump
at him. Tye ducked, then feinted
trith his left and in another instant
• would have taken advantage of the
. opening had h^ not been prevented.
- There were a number of spectators
Jn the room, none of whom said a
; Ts.brd. They were intently watching
for the scrap to come off. A bailiff
'". to.ck in the situation, and, rushing be
fc*«0n* the two insane men, forced
tb.em to take their seats. Both men's
. examinations were set for next Mon
' day.
Tye, it !s believed, is hopelessly in
'• sane.
Crossing the knees is a common
cause of sciatica.
OAKLAND. Aug. 6.— Suit for di
vorce on, the ground of desertion was
begun to-day by John F, Dietzmann
against Louise Dietzmann. They were
married in Minnesota in 1880 and
have five children. He says that two
years ago his wife left him.
Says Wl/e Left Him.
ALAMEDA. Aug. «.— Three men
prominent in the promotion of the
state's welfare will address the Ala
meda Advancement Association at its
meeting to be held Monday night in
the City Hall. They are Rufus P. Jen
nings, the executive officer of the Cali
fornia Promotion Committee; Edwin
M.- Stearns, secretary of the Oakland
Board of Trade, and the Rev. Frank
Chu B rch Sh of SSSSS Pre8b * eri an
Jennings will tell of the work being-
Cone by the organization with which
: ne is associated and Stearns will speak
: on the needs of Alameda County in
•general and will explain the attitude
of the Oakland Board of Trade with
respect to the consolidation of the
cfties on the east side of the bay. The
Rev. Mr. Brush, who has just returned
frord a tour of the Eastern States, is
to Relate his impressions of the coun
try east of the Rocky Mountains.
Advancement Association Will Hear
Public Spirited Speeches at Meet-
Ing in the City Hall.
PROMINENT SPEAKERS
TO ADDRESS ALAMEDANS
•Although this was the seventh an
niversary of the home, it was the first
since the occupation of its new build
ing and many of those interested in
the. institution took advantage of the
opportunity to inspect its new quar
ters. There are now more^than sixty
Inmates at the home, everv ward of
which is full, and the directors are
already planning to enlarge it. A new
building: will soon be erected and
when it is completed the present main
building will be used solely for the
accommodation of patients suffering
from pulmonary troubles.
Anniversary in the New Homo
for Incurables.
•OAKLAND. Aug. 6. — The board of
directors of the Alameda County
King's Daughters* Home for Incur
s'oles held a reception at the home to
day in honor of the seventh anniver
sary of the founding of the institution.
Paring The afternoon many visitors
fnjoyed the hospitality of the young
women in charge of the reception. At
3 o'clock an informal musical and lit
erary, programme was rendered, in
cluding instrumental solos by Miss
Pauline Collins and Miss Fern Frost
and readings by Miss Ida Bradley. The
programme was arranged by Mrs.
Eva Shores- Corsou.
' Refreshments were served by the
younger members of the Alameda
County circles of the King's Daugh
ters.
Many Victors Aid in Celebratlnc First
KINGS DAUGHTERS HOLD A
WELL ATTENDED RECEPTION
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Aug. 6.
An understanding has been arrived
at between Jack London, novelist and
newspaper man, and his wife, who is
suing him for a divorce. ,Mrs. London
to-day dismissed her original action
and instituted a second, alleging sim
ple desertion as the ground for her
complaint. The name of Anna Strun
sky is not mentioned in the second
complaint, which also omits the
charges of a gross character original
ly made against the husband. The first
complaint laid most of the unhappi
ness complained of to the door of Miss
Strunsky. None of these changes will
now have to be answered or tacitly
acknowledged as true if the case were
allowed to go by default.
Two weeks ago the Injunction pro
hibiting London from drawing any
money from publishing houses or
newspapers was removed. At that
time it was announced to Judge W. E.
Greene that an amicable settlement as
regards the property interests of the
pair had been arrived at. It is due to
this settlement that the change of
grounds upon which a divorce is to be
asked has been made.
By the filing of a new complaint,
however, notice is given that no com
promise is looked for and that the
Londons have simply agreed upon the
ground on which a divorce shall be
granted.— They have been separated
for the statutory period of a year and
this gives Mrs. London a choice as to
the reasons to be assigned for her pe
tition.
PIONEER MANUFACTURER
BORNE TO THE GRAVE
OAKLAND, Aug. 6.— The funeral
of P. N. Remillard, the pioneer brick
manufacturer, who died last Wednes
day morning, was held this afternoon
at 2 o'clock from the family residence
on Adams street, near Perkins. The
funeral services were conducted by the
Rev. Bradford Leavitt. pastor of the
First Unitarian Church of San Fran
cisco, and the music was furnished by
the Masonic quartet. Many floral
offerings were sent by friends of the
deceased.
The honorary pallbearers, who rep
resented the Masons. Odd Fellows and
Workmen, were George H. Collins,
H. A. Powell. C. R. Lewis, Charles E.
Li pp. Robert Dalziel. A. T. Eastland,
\V. W. Childs and A. K. Clark.
The active pallbearers, all of whom
were chosen from among the em
ployes of the Remillard Brick Com
pany, were O. Brunelle, J. Jorgensen,
L. -Bonneksen, A* Carlson, A. Sousa.
N. Chouinard, M. Gagnon and J.
Thomsen. . .r
The remains were placed in the
family vault at Mountain View Ceme
tery.
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND, Aug. 6. — The following
marriage licenses were issued bv the
County Clerk to-day: George W. Ban
nister, 21, and Lena Linari. 19. both
of San Francisco: John W. O'Donnell,
38, Modesto, and Maude Tripp, 22,
Madera; George A. Harbin, 25, Stock
ton, and Mae Canavan, 19, Alameda;
Charles E. Rutledge, 43, and Kate
Cronin, 41, both of Oakland: Oscar
F. Brandt. 28. and Annie H. Garton,
28, both of Oakland; John Mulcahy,
27, San Francisco, and Edna Brule,
25, Alameda; Joseph Bruno, 24,
Alden, and Lena Avanzino, 18, Berke
ley.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
BERKELET, Aug. 6.— Librarian J. C.
Rowell ha» under consideration a plan to close
all the alcoves In the library to free access.
This plan was applied with success last year
to the shelves on the^ lower floor, the result be
ing that less booA were lost than In any pre
vious year. While the number of missing
books is much reduced there is a tendency to
further curtail the privileges of free access so
that the lose may be reduced to a minimum.
Another advantage from this system would be
to prevent the misplacement of books. It will
however, require additional clerical help to
wait upon ail the applicants.
In order to avoid the friction that has char
acterized th<» association of coaches on the
football field In other years, James Hopper
this year's coach, will be permitted to choose
his own assistants. In this way the coach
will be able to name assistants friendly to him
and better tesults will be obtained. Hopper
has not yet taken advantage of his nrivlleee
but will. It Is believed, shortly. " '
Miss Margaret Matthew. '02. daughter of the
Rev. W. B. Matthew of Lincoln street, has
received tb* appointment of student secretary
of the Youns Women's Christian Association of
one of the New England colleges. She has
recured a leave of absence from the Whittler
School, where ahe Is a teacher, and will leave
on August 15 for Lake Geneva to attend the
annual conference of the secretaries then-
After the conference »he will go to Boston and
establish her headquarter!. '
Philip M. Carey, yell leader for last year
has accepted a Government offer to take charge
of some construction work on the Tuba River
The work will continue for two or three
month* and then he will return to take up his
studies at Hastlnrs.
FRESNO, Aug. 6. — The Rev. A. L.
Platt, formerly pastor of the Christian
church at Selma, created v quite a stir
in church circles the early part of this
week by eloping from Santa Cruz with
Mrs. Allie Johnson, a comely widow.
For a year he has labored with the
people of Selma, teaching them the
ways of righteousness, and now that he
himself has fallen the community Is
bitter against him.
Mrs. Johnson and Rev. Mr. Platt be
came very friendly at the church where
he was pastor. In fact it was there he
met her. Friends regarded the friend
ship as nothing put of the ordinary.
Rev. Mr. Platt lately resigned his pas
torate at Selma and went to Santa Cruz
taking his wife with him. He came
back to Selma last week, presumably
on a business trip, but when he left
Mrs. Johnson went with him. She
stated that she was going to visit the
Platts in Santa Cruz. She did visit
them, but not for long. She left to re
turn to her home and Rev. Mr. Platt
went with her as far as San Francisco.
Both have disappeared.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Assemblyman J. Q. Bates, who has
no opposition and "who agplres to an
other term, also issued his list of dele
gates to-day, many of them being the
same as are on the Taylor ticket. The
Bates ticket bears the following cap
tion: "This ticket, which will be sent
to every voter In Alameda, is the only
ticket recognized by Mr. Bates and his
friends as favoring his candidacy for
renomination to the Assembly. There
I is no vacancy in the Senate. The dele
gates are here given: P. S. Teller, W.
P. Dillon, John Larkin; Peter Christen
sen, J. H. McNutt, John Lubhen, Albert
Kihn, W..H. Noy, E. J. Probst, Thomas
Dunleavy, L. S. Shannon, F. A. Bord
well, Frank C. Fabens. C. T. Rose,
Peter Perata, C. R. Smith, C. L. Tilderi,
J. J. Searle, Jesse Peterson, Ed Cleve
land, A. V. Fisher, Joseph Morizio, J.
B. Lanktree, E. J. Holt; W. G. Fort
man, William Hammond Jr., Rus Pari
ser. L. Newbell, H. Steiger, M. M. Tuft.
John F. Hanson. C. W. Marsden,. N.
Madsen, F. E. Browning, E. B. Thorn
ing and J. S. Hanley.
BERKELEY. Auc. 6.— The Berke.
ALAMEDA, Aug. 6.— Edward K. Tay
lor, candidate for the Republican nom
ination for State Senator from this
district against City Attorney M. W.
Simpson, to-day issued the ticket con
taining the list of his delegates to be
voted for at the primary election Tues
day. ,The ticket bears the caption,
"TheSe delegates will vote for B. K.
Taylor for State Senator and J. C.
Bates for Assemblyman, and oppose
one-man power." The delegates are as
follows: Charles S. Neal, E. B. Dun
ning, I. N. Chapman, L. H. Brink, E.
A. Randlett, Oscar L. Rogers, H. A.
Thompson, K. D. Judd, Julius Magnin,
Louis Cordes, George Johnston, Frank
Haile. W. Brandes, A. P. Smiley, Al
bert Klhn, Peter Christensen, George
Lovegrove, William Hammond Jr., E.
D. Ells, F. E. Browning, L. L. Schuler,
F. C. Fabens, Samuel Frank, Dr. W. O.
Smith, Fritz Boetftner, Bert L. Fisher,
Henry Tank, Samuel Center, George
Morris, C. W. Pinkerton, 'Edward
Houston, D. A. Cohen, George R. Mc-
Connell, C. T. Rose, John Lubben, Pete
Perata.
ALAMEDA'S ONLY FIGHT.
The fight is only for the control of
the party machinery, with an eye to
the election twa-years from now. It
is the same old fight that hasV existed
for the last fifteen years in this county.
The people back of the "regular" or
county committee ticket say that the
opposition tickets were put in the fiela
at .the last moment in the hope that
the votes at the Democratic primary
would be so few that they could win
with a small vote on their side. Iti
Berkeley there is some bitterness
against the new move, and the sup
porters of the "regular" ticket assert
that the new movement is in the in
terests of the Contra Costa Water
Company, so that it may control the
municipal light nest spring.
'The opposition tickets are an entire
surprise," said J. J. McDonald to-day.
"There has been no fight against the
regular tickets until Bachrach and
Layman.ce got up these new tickets.
1 have no idea what" the object can be,
and I am quite sure that the San Fran
cisco hsht is not behind the move on
this side of the bay."
Actual fights in the Republican ranks
are few and growing, fewer. The big
contest is between John Mitchell and
George Randolph for the Republican
nomination for Supervisor in the Fifth
District. This fight has become very
bitter, but instead of being upon old
factional lines men are fighting slda
by side who have been formerly polit
ical enemies. Behind Mitchell are
Charles E. Snook, Charles H. Spear,
chairman of the San Francisco Harboi
Commissioners; George W. Reed, Guy
C. Earl, City Auditor A. H. Breed and
others. Behind Randolph are State
Senator C#. R. Lukens, J. Cal Ewing,
secretary of the State Bank Commia
slon; J. P. Cook, County Clerk; George
Pearce, chief deputy County Clerk.
This fght- will center in the Second
Ward, and whoever carries that dis
trict will probably win the nomination.
The only other fight Is that between
J. J. Burke and Morris Flynn for the
Assembly nomination in the Forty
ninth District, and this is largely the
outgrowth of the Supervisorial contest
between Mitchell and Randolph.
Troubles over the Congressional nom
ination and over the nomination for
State Senator to succeed. G. R. Lukens
are settled. It was announced to-day
that there would be no opposition to
Knowland taking the nomination for
Congress and that there would be no
opposition to Lukens succeeding him
self as State Senator.
When it came to naming delegates to
be voted for at the primary election
on Tuesday next the committeemen
from the various districts prepared the
lists. There was no indication of a
light against these delegates until op
position lists appeared suddenly in the
Forty-eighth Assembly District, which
is along the southern water front; the
Forty-ninth Assembly District, which
includes West Oakland, and the Fifty
second Assembly District, which is the
town of Berlekye. An effort to get an
opposition ticket in Alameda failed,
but tights are expected in all of the
districts except the Forty-sixth, which
is the rural part of Alameda County,
and the Fortyrseventh, which is j Ala
meda City. ' .
These opposition tickets are backed
by S. Bachrach, secretary of the coun
ty committee, and M. J. Laymance, the
wealthy oil magnate, who has always
opposed the Fitzgerald wing of the
party.
TO COXTROU PARTY.
On the eve of the primary election
one of the good, old-fashioned fights
that have split a hopeless Democratic
minority in Alameda County so many
times has again developed. In at least
three of the seven Assembly districts
of Alameda County there will be tick
ets In opposition to those advanced by
the faction in control of the Democratic
County Central Committee.
Up to to-day there was not the
slightest hint of any fight among the
Democrats. The old R. M. Fitzgerald
wing of the party was in absolute con
trol of the county committee, even
though J. J. McDonald resigned as
chairman when he went East to at
tend the Democratic National Con
vention.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Aug. 6.
OAKLAND, Aug. 6.— While a
female companion kept watch at the
street door in order to see that an
avenue of escape was kept open, a
well dressed woman slipped stealthily
into the Vincent House at Seventh and
Market streets about 9 o'clock this
evening. She went straight to the
room occupied by D. Jackson and his
wife, rapped lightly on the door and
fled, leaving bn the floor a beautiful,
healthy baby boy about six months
old. Pinned to the shawl in which .the
little one was wrapped was the fol
lowing' note: "Christ said 'Suffer
little children to come unto me.' Will
you re-echo his words and raise this
boy in memory of the noble son who
was so lately taken from you?"
Underneath these words was writ 7
ten, "Harry Truman, born January 5,
1904." and this, together with the
clothing in which the child was
dressed, furnish the only clew by
which the little waif's identity may
be established.
The clothing consisted of a cro
cheted jacket, a gown of pink flannel,
pink crocheted shoes and finely made/
white underclothing. Over all was
wrapped a large, heavy shawl of dark
pink tennis flannel.
When Jackson answered the knock
at his "door and found the child he
called the landlady, Mrs. Joseph Kel
ly.. ' She' took the little waif to her
room and—undressed it. Finding no
marks of identification on the cloth
ing 1 , she summoned Policeman Scan-
Ian, who took the child to the police
station. Captain Wilson ordered him
to take it at once to the West Oakland
Home to be properly cared for. A
close examination of the clothing was
made at the home, but no marks were
found which would throw any light
on the baby's identity.
In spite of her precautions the
woman was seen by two girls as she
entered the building. These were
Edith and Norma Werly. Both give a
fairly good description of the woman's
clothing and appearance. She wore a
long brown cape and small straw hat,
trimmed with light colored flowers,
and she was about 5 feet 4 inches tall.
Her female companion was taller and
was dressed entirely in black.
The one who left the child was evi
dently well acquainted with the Jack
pon family. In the note left she re
ferred to the death of the son, A. J.
Jackson, formerly a student at the
University of California, who died last
November. Jackson says he knows of
no one by the name of Truman.
Affair Causes a Sensation
in the Church Circles of
Coast and Valley Towns
Males Predominate in Rural
Districts — Females Seem
to Prefer Life in the Cities
Only One Serious Difference
On in the Ranks of
the Republican Party
As Result She Omits. Name
of, Anna Strunsky and
Alleges Simply Desertion
Child Is Carefully Dressed
and Consigned to the
Care of One "Truman"
MISSISSIPPI HAS MOST
IS. ABOUT TO SCORE
Sparring for an Opening He
Is Restrained in Time
•by the Deputy Sheriff
FAMILY LEFT BEHEST)
SUPERVISORS . CONTEST
NO EXPLANATION MADE
BEACH UNDERSTANDING
Eev. Platt, Formerly of Sel
ma, Disappears From San
ta Cruz With a Woman
Mrs. Bessie London ,Eases
Off on the Charge Made
Against Novelist Husband
Census Officer. Issues Matter
Showing Extent, Character
and Condition in Country
Pugilist Charlie Tye, Who Is
\ Charged With Insanity, Be
gins Fight With Patient
Bricks and Opposition Tick
ets Are Flying in
the Alameda Districts
Mysterious Woman Aban
dons Male Baby on Floor
of Married Man's Room
LATE BULLETIN
ABOUT NEGROES
PASTOR ELOPES
WITH WIDOW
WAIF IS LEFT
WITH JACKSON
THINKS COURT
A PRIZERING
CHANGES HER
DIVORCE SUIT
FIGHT STARTS
OVER OFFICERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO -CALU SUNDAY, AUGUST J, 1901.
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
37
•• ADVERTISEMENTS.^
"¦ ; — ¦ .
FreeX=Ray Examination I Treatment
• .- £fi* "\ . All persons cail-
Hfl» .^v J&k* ™ s at Electro-
\i Bfo^jF t_^<Ttl. ]f I W '^ c &' ven a f ree
' J^/F*&&<i^£&rfky _$kw ' ' X -Ray examination
• :^ ' I//^y^'^^^^^^^r^ / J^^\\ and diagnosis. A
'>A^§5^\ \ ifiSi^wr jr~\ £ ive " in a11 cases -
•VrtTv^K \ V ll P^ML //^ I Curab *e diseases
..//Jij/W f\ K.A Y (foxS I will be given a free
'•0(| / \ \ \ I treatment. No in-
***— ' viiai >i^'»
xnectro-Cli«ni«try cures painletily and without operation Consumption. Can-
cer, Catarrh. Deafness. Rheumatism. Fistula, Paralysi.. locomotor Ata_uT_,t_I
ma and Bronchial Troutles, Files. Nervous Diseases, Skia and Slood Diseases and
•the Special Diseases cf Men and Women. iBI * aa
WHITE FOB HOME TIEATKClfT _P TOTX LIVE AT A DISTANCE
THE ELECTBO-CHEMIC INSTITUTE, 'd^Sg^^trHi'
, ALAMEDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 539.
2148 Center Street,
Telephone North 11.
OAKLAND.
, 101 G Broadway.
Telephone Main 1083.
BERIvEXEY.
BEANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
FREE ART SUPPLEMENT
— NEXT SUNDAY ¦
; "A PRECIOUS BURDEN"
HI A PRETTY PICTURE IN BLACK AND WHITE.
,< p. . ! xy^•^^.^^r >^^v' < ¦^^^'^rg^ ;^<^^¦rgr^r^'t:-^•^^^ — "^^'^up* .<.: »v'ij! ¦ "- "¦- . " .' .' '¦. '¦: ¦' ¦¦¦'¦ ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ ¦ yz'" 'Z ' ¦"^¦¦•'.^•\'\'i "~" '•'¦' " ; ' ' ' : ' i v: . *' - * ¦< ,'f"*i«' '"tZi'~^ :
' ¦¦ '¦ ' '¦' - -*.,*.
• : .
' ; - ' " * - ¦ »> - » "
»*'"'.' ¦. _\ x Xv— < \__CxUi ) til I R Tj K l\ .
• .. . i
Get One of These Pretty Pictures The Call Is Sold Everywhere
They Are Well Worth Framing Place Your Order Early
. . . : PRICE 5 CEiSTS PER COPY '• —38
THE SAN FRAN tlSCO CAUL. SUNDAY. AUGUST -;.•/. 190*.
JOHN' Ii. SPRECKKLS. . ..Proprietor
A_tre_i Cc__u=_ atlcns to . \ ,
JOII.V Mc-NAUGHT. Manager ; *
W. J. MARTIN... -j__s_»«5__f_2??S '
7EUPUOXE.
At k fcr THE CAL _. Tb« Operator Will Coo- ]
rect Tcu With tbe D«j~rt__it You V» ls_ |
PeUIcs-tioa Office Market and Tb'.rd. S. F-
E_i~_l P^c-s 211 to 221 Stevenson tt I
De-rind ty Carrier*. 2» Cta. Per Week. TS ;
Cl_ Per Meet— 8in**.« Cc?le* 5 "•- ,
Ter_s by a_. Including Pcstage tCaah Wlta ¦
UA.ILT CALL <!act:_.'5unday). 1 year....$? 00 ,
DAILY CALL UBciul- Stttday'. « mos... *w j
UAILY CALL— By Sl=de Mcsth «g«
-TXPAT CALL. 1 Tear t'to I
WEEKLY CiLU^-^^^arE^ !
FOK£10N f t_;_;y 4 15 Per Tear Extra J
rOeTAGE. { weddr* 100 Per T*ax - Extra
ALL fOfaTMASTERS A«= AUTHOIUZED
TO R.ECE1VK SUBSCRIPTIONS,
—•r.jie Cc;.l_ wia be fcrwtrdea when re-
quested. , .
_».3 subscribers in crderltr c!: **5* l . c l-r'S.'
£r— 1 1 ihfuii be particular to give both NEW
AND OI_> ADDRESS tn orter to insure a
asd _>rr«ct ccnf—iic* with tbeir re -
Attest.
OAKLAND orFICE:
SC:e Eroe^wsy Telephone Main 1053
BERKELEY OFFICE : w _. w _
S:«S Center ttreet Telephone I*or_ Ti
— •AEHir.aTOri'cOR—EcPONpENT:
EAiiUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW TOP.K NEWS STANDS: t
— •aMorf-Atttrla Hotel: A. Brentano. 21 <
fnien Square; Murray HIU Hotel: Fiftb-ave- j
ttt K . •••. asS HiSrr._i House.
'"HTCAGO NTTWS STANDS:
Eherjsan Ho_*: P. O. Sews Co.: Oreat .
Xertbcn Hovl: Treaont Hob»»i Auditortua j
Hctel; Pa.ls.tr House.
CHICAGO REPRESENT ATIVE: j {
C. GEOnOE KROGNTSS. .Marquett* B'alKtnr , ¦
<Lc=^ l>utatc* Tel'rb^ne. "Ceati— 2619. ) | |
NEW YORK REPRESET— 'ATI VE:
FTEFKE X B. EMITH 39 Tribune BUldlag |
%-E— ¦ YOT1K CORRESPONDENT: j !
C. C. CARLTON Herald S<roare j <
Et.-ETNESS OFFICE of tb<s San Francisco t I
Ceil, rcrctr Market and Ttlrd streets; open ]
vcUl 12 o'clock ev»ry nlrht tn the year. <
BRANCH OFFI— eS:
Itm Market street, oppo—te Fifth: cpea until
TI p tn. t
t27 Mcrtgcmery street, ccrser Clay: opea j
asm 9 ""• p. n>. 1
£00 }•«>«» street: open ar.tll 9:30 p. m.
K2» IfcAT—Cter rtr**t: open until »:30 p. m.
«15 Lerfcin stre*t; op»n until 0^0 p. ra. J ,
3M1 lesion rtr«n; cpen cr.til 10 p.m.
5C< El«v»:rth str»<rt: cpen ur.t!l 8 p. tn.
1C36 ValeRi da ktre#t: cp«n untfl 9 p. m. I ,
Northeast corner OhnrcSi and Duncan streets; (
'yr^r tsr.VA 9 p. jn.
22*"*) F!l!rr.cr» «tr*»t: cpii cntM > P- m. •
SEAL ESTATE — CTTY— FOa gAXS^ j
MADISON A BURKE. '
30 Mcctccmery *t
AUCTION. ;
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
WEDNESDAY AUGUST 10. lflOi I
AT 12 O- CLOCK NOON.
DEVIEADERO-ET. BUSINESS CORNER.
t E. cor. Haves and D*v_adero •— .; store,
P- osea and flats; good basines* location; an- j ;
al rents (2££2; lot V5xll2:«.
POWELL-ST. BUSINESS CORNER.
E E. cor. Powtll and VaJIeJ-> sta.; store*, flats
and bo_*a; annual rer.ts J411C; with email
outlay mere stores could be added, lncreas- ,
\zX income considerably: lot 137:6x75:2, with
L; (~e-third cash. tUar.ce at 0 per cent
«=TOCKTON-ET. BUSINESS PROPERTY
110e-10 Stockton St.. betw«n Jackson and Pa-
dftc; - stores and lodging-house: lot 21x100; |
cce- third cash, balar.ee at « per cm.
UNION-ST. CORNER.
N. W. cor. Unicn and Ja«per sts.. between
Dapcnt and £tockn,n: amial rents $1426: lot
CAx77; cne-ttird cazh. balance at 6 per cent, i
BTOCKTON-ST. INA'ESTMENT.
HZ Etcckton «t Letmecn Sacramento end Clay;
.. !¦• ¦¦:¦/ fram«'; i>nnuai rrats $_0; with small
expense large revesue can b» cbtained; one-
- third caeb. balance at (i per cent.
DUPONT-PT. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
::::: Uuocnt «t. between Bread way and Pa-
cl3c; sture and upper, renting low at t&5 p^r
month; cse-thlrd cash, balance at 6 per cent
KEAKNT-ST. INCOME PROPERTY.
: :¦ •. to 11X3 Keamy st.. north cf Broadway;
.•..'i aaiall street; will sell •e^aratejy if
derlred; acnua.1 r-r •¦ f_90; btte-tbird cash,
balance at V tier cent
RAILROAD-AVE. 3USINEE3 PROPERTY.
D19 to '.'i- Railroad eve., bet 11th and 12tb
aves.: storee and fiats; annual rents $2260;
one-third ccrh, balance at 6 per cent
BUILDING LOTS.
East ride Castro, bet. 17th and ISth. first
block frc_ _arktt et; 7£__5.
WALLER-ST. LOTS.
Ecuth tlie. bet bcott and Devisadero sts.; two
rroa'.aget; «J0xl!W: both streets paved.
TO CLOSE PAP.TNERSHIP.
Pen Bruno ave.; 2 frontages; bet. Army and
l£tn ave.; one-third cash, balance at 0 per
c*ct: lot 100x300.
Tttis at sale. For catalogue and particu-
lars apply to MADISON _ BURKE,
SO Montgomery st
MAIJI£ON & BURKE. ~*
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
ESTABLISHED JANUARY, 1S5S.
SO l!or.tE.rr.«-ry st Opposite Lick House.
140.000 — Corner cn Octavla st, near Sutter;
flats renting for over 9 per cent: lot fcftx
el :C.
1 10,710— Page »t; 2 up-to-date Cats, 6 and 7
rooms and bath; annual rent $d00.
S3.2S9 — Beaver st, near Noe; beautiful cot-
tage. Just tbe thing for a small family;
f.r.» garden.
(2,100 — Harrison st, near First; house rents
118; let 20xtS;9.
M.000— Tenth it., near Harrison: lot 23x100-
rent $32
14.: 00 — Flllmere »t. near Grove; lot 23 z
107:6.
$l.C00— Hth ave. and A et. cor.; 120 feet on
the Dew park pachanCle.
ir 000 — 2 fine lots; Beulah st, near Etanyas;
tCilS7:C.
(3,900— Tremoat ave., west line; 6-roctn cot-
ter* in Cne condition; sear Frederick at.
tl.22»— Harriet st, near Bran&an; lot and 2-
itery house; must cell.
Sl.STV— Harrison St.. near 28th; Cue cottage,
C rocm> and batfe; lot 29x110; cheap.
$4, COO— Cfcattanocga st, near Twenty-third;
lane lot, Wxll7:« to rear itrett.
Lets 27:6x127:6. oq Sutter *t, between Bteloer
and Pierce.
BuUdlc* lots. NE. corner Golden Gate ave.
and Baker st: in sixea to suit; prices
from (2000 upward.
Three lots, each 27:Cxl.".7:6. on south line ot
Geary, st. near Flllmore,
MADISON ft BURKE.
80 Montgomery et. opp. Lick House.
B. GETZ. Room 22, Chronicle Bids.
Owctr and Dealer.
New Blockl Richmond District! ICew Block!
_.ct ave.. bet Clement and Point Lobos.*
Builders. Attention!!!
21st ave.— Graded. Sewered, Gas and Water
Lots ffraded and level to build homes on.
Bargains'.:*. Bee then at once. Very easy terms..
$ ;50 to (12C0— Sunset Heights Lets— (3 up me.
C2S0 to (500— North of the Parb Lot.
CppctUe epreckcla Lake and New Speed Track.
J:;r,0 to J100— 1'Jth-ave, boulevard lots— ;s ao .
%•;(! to $CSO— Ocean Heights and Oceanside Level
Lou. Splendid view; 15 monthly payments;
ri.'.D op — Excelsior Homestead Level Lots
City Water— Fine Car Service— JO monthly.
575 to (100— Ocean View Lots, level to build on.
City water— Tour own term*— See them.
11000 to J5000— Cottages and houses — Monthly
payments. 7
Call at my office. Room 22. Second floo-
Chronicle Building. *
NELSON, JOHNSON _ CO., "~" ~
2U3 Montyomery st. opp. Mills bid*.
BARGAINS IN REAL ESTATE
. Foreclosure. Probate and Forced Sales' of All
KinfiK will be Found In Our
UP-TO-DATE BUYERS' UUJDE.
An illustrated monthly catalocue. containing
a carff-illy *elected lilt of cheapest propertied
offtred <n the merket In every location. Send
it* >our addres* and we will mail you one.
NELSON', JOHNSON - CO..
SC3 _untsomer>- et. cvp. MUls bid*.
_E A- ESTATE — C2T~ — ~OS SA—E. j
'J Ii- UMli SEX _ CO.. 2u Montgomery *t i I
REAL UHTAl C AGHNTfc AND AVC-
TIONL_Ki.
::zZ'jt — EptenJid «,raer ca L"ush st; Improve- J
menu CR— — ts of C new tlats «cd ctore; j
rsc_ iiliM per acnurc; 2O.xH>:G; down-
to— n proj-ertp.
{22,500 — Herts Mik> j,«r annum; s;:Icnii!cJ cor-
ner ea U-.i. t-t , i:.t.-'i-: ut Polk fct. : im-
provements onk!st u( U new fiats «.: J »
•tore; let 32x112:11.
12.-.<7fj — i\t:.;* Zl*-z\ \*t yicum; elegant cor- •
ner cs C*!i:ut_* tt.; iirn'tl'F' apartment
he ute ol jv r/.:r.; arkl Lath; secured
lease.
$17,000— Herts J21t"0 per annum: tf new flatt,
ctar Haic'i.t and Etelner *„., coaUlrrinj
5 i«m< ii.vi LalL each.
$13.'XX>— R*ats »123o prr jrjiuaa; choice IUch-
n_ nj corner: Uuprov«Bients ccni-ikt of !
b~_e cf 7 :<.--.:. .^ and bath; '£ Sal* ¦.'.
6-5 room* asiC bath in-j cottage of «»
rooms acd bath; .-»:. (be ia.t*»t modern
Improvements.
$10, COO — H«r.ti JM j per annum; under lease;
Polk ft; business pr;i*rt>. store ar. j
'.ivlr.i: rucms and Sat of 5 ruumi an'l
bath; lot .V. if.", ft. front.
$3.250 — Rmu $*1< i*t annum; Waller -t; -
mod«rrn fl^ts of 6-0 toir.*; :- sirlendlil
corditi&n: tn&rble steps, ttc-
6,250 — Only Jl.Vw each; 2 r.tw comer flats:
Richmond district, close in; 5-<i rooms
asd t*th each; balance can remain on
mortgage.
I4.&O0 — Rents IjV> per annum; near 7th and
and Howard sts.; «.-.•. re and 2 flats;
_>x73.
$4.000 — MlMsicn investment; store and flat
. - of & rooms; in eood bctlsesa location;
27x104.
$2.250 — 18>th st: cfizy cottar* pt 4 rooiss;
ttrett bltuminired; lot 25z>»: a bargain.
f2,C60— Close to 23d and Dolores txr... bet. \
Ciiatt— noeffst and Church sta.: bay-win- {
do»- r<Htas» of 5 rooms s_d bath; high j
basement etc.
Fcr further particulars r.l the above and fcr j
the "R*al Eitale Record." containing a Hit
of prcpertie* tur — .le In all parte of the city. •
inquire «t our office.
G. H. UMBSEN * CO.. ¦
20 Montgomery 8t
LYON _ HOAO. lie Montgomery si. .
fiend fcr our printed list of i.r'^eatt for !
sal* In all sections of the city. W
NEW WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE. {
$775u — Easy terms; %ZOdO cash, balance !
monthly: 6 splendid large room*, reception ball, j
hot air furnace, tine basement, etc.; this ho-s<
is beautiful In deetgr.; commands excellent i
vSm; arc*ctt<1 ttreet; everything done; In- j
tcr*or finish anu*ua!iy good; hardwood f!oor»; •
cvrlr redwood in halls etc.: ainiue-rcOTi e»*
peels illy eUborote; t*k* Ilaight-nt. cars, g««. ;
off at Scott st. and walk two blfjcics eouth to I
Dufaoce are.; house close to Duboce Park; open !
daily for Irurp^ction betwten 11 and 4.
RICHMOND LOTS— EASY TERMS.
$450 to $000— $50 :ari;. balance rr. or.ihly; fine j
level lots ready for balWinr: -Vjth ave. anl j
Point Lobos: Sutro cars p**s property; six new i
buildings going up at i r^'nt time.
bargain lot near park.
$IC5O— Ninth av».. near H St.; 25x120; street ;
wcrk all done: buxln*sx block.
CORNER PARK PANHANDLE.
?I3.250— R«?nts S12CO; Z Rats of 7 rooms and !
I bath each: northwest corner. In the l»»«t part [ 1
j of Park Panhandle; -larre lot; abundance of <
| sun and l!rht.
FLATS SOUTH OK MARKET.
$3>000— 3 ?.at* cn Bryant St., near ?A: 5-5-'» j
room* and b*t*i each; always rented; modera In ,
every respect.
MUST BE SOLD AT ONCE.
$I0.C00— R«nt over $1000; brand new building;
3 2ian4some f.ats. «J rooms and bath each; fin- j
Ished in latest style, with every modern con-
venience; north cf snd close to Marfc»t st: I -
Unre lot; acc^rted street; splendid sun and
light; price reduced to make quick sale; owner
must have meney; best Investment on our j
bocks.
RESIDENCE NKAR GOLDEN GATE PARK, i
I $6750— $200 ca»h. balance $C5 a month: brand ! a
J new rwldenre. H rooms and bath; beamed ceil- j s
ings; electric llshts; near Park; convenient to f
can.
____ _^_ ¦
MISSION FLATS— A BARGAIN. <
$55C0 — Two flats, 4 and 5 rooms and bath; lot c
37x30, with 2 frontages; also suble; positively j
the best buy cn the market. j t
FLATS NEAR DUBOCE PARK. : i
$7700 — Two brand new flats, 5 rooms and ¦, ,
bath »ach. near Duljoce Park. The»« flats are j t
nicely r3niFh»<l and in a good neighborhood. ¦ j
LYON ic HOAG, 11G Montgomery st. rj
GREAT BIG LOTS. ; '
EASY TERMS. ,
Near the station In Mill Valley. Why buy a *
small let in a poor neighborhood when you can ;
secure a 2ne lJirg? lot time distance from your ;
wcrk. surrounded by desirable neighbors, cplen- i :
did climate, fine water, schoole, etc.? Call or j '
write for Illuntrafd booklet, prieen, «tc. ,
LYON _ HOAG, 116 Montgomery st. I j
_„ SPECK & CO.? " | i
2C0 Montgomery Street,
REAL ESTATE. I »
Selling. Insurance. : i
L»asimr. Rents Collected. !
$42,500— N.W. corner, 50x100; 3 frontages; east I
cr Lar!: in St.. south cf Sutter: snap: I
$25,000 bank mortgage can remain. j i
$10, 000— $4200 yearly rent; lot 62x275; only ;
partly improved : 2 frontages; main I i
streets: can be leased for $400 per month. <
$25.000— $2400 yearly rent; $l5.0C0 6 per cent i
bank mortcag* can remain; lot 60x137:6, ! ,
rplendld In\»stment I i
$20,000 — $174*) yezrly rent; Polk-street business t
property; Urge lot; a good buy. ' t
$18,000— $1740 yearly rent; lot 75 ft. front; Al j
location: Western Addition.
$10,000— $1*— 0 yearly rent: 3 new flats; vicinity
Ellis and Octavla; splendid tenants. <
$13,500— Three fine W. A. flats; vicinity Oc-
tavia and O"Farrell: renting for $112 ; ,
month; 23-foot lot. ',
10. OCO — $840 yearly rent; 2 splendid flats with j \
Jl-ft bacement that could at small ez-
pcn»<i be made Into flat; lot alone worth
$6000: 2 frontag*e.
$8,500 — $OCC yearly rent; business corner north
of Market st: a good safe Investment < .
$6,7CQ— %'Mi) yearly rent: 3 fine flats clone to
Golden -Oaf Park: cn car line; best part .
of Richmond d_trict; a bargain. J
J5.5C0 — $370 yearly rent; pays 1 p*r cent ,
per month ntf. new improvements; '
downtown !>•_:«:.".'¦«•, near Market st
$6,000 — Inccrr.e $»J96 a year; C flats, cne block
from Hlb;-mla Bank and one-half block
from new Postofflce.
CHOICE BUILDING LOTS.
$35,000 — N.W. corner; unsurpassed marine >
view; 137:flxl?8 feet; 3 frontagts;
choicest residence section of San Fran-
$9,000— Near WeUer snd Masonic; 73x125;
want offer.
$1.000--Marktt st.; 25x100; cle«e to coming
business section.
$3.£C0 each for 2 fine Webst«r-rtreet lots:
23xlCO.
$3,500—50x125; Masonic-aVenu* lot; splendid
Piece.
SPECK & CO..
2O Montgomery st, opp. Mills building.
HOAG - LANSDALE.
10S MONTGOMERY ST.
WAEHINGTOTT-ST. FLATS.
Three new modern flats, 7. 7 and 7 rooms:
¦unny side; fine location; rented $125 per mo.;
price reduced to $13,500; a bargain.
NEAR THE PARK.
Three handsome, new. modecn Cats, 1 block
from Golden Gate Park; finely ; finished 1
throughout; 0, 0 and 7 rootnn; lower flat leased I
two years at $32 50; middle flat leased two
years at $33 monthly, and tenant pays all re-
pairs; upper will easily bring $33; lot 30x100;
a tplendld investment; price $11,000.
THE NEW RESIDENCE TRACT
Against the Pre*tdlo wall i* celling fait.
Look at this tract befure it is too lat*. Large
lots SO to SO feet frrmt overlooking the golf
; links and the Presidio grounds; no flats al- j
lowed; 5 beautiful residences to be started at
once by recent buyers. Prices from $05 to $75
* per front foot. Your chance to ret a select
residence let at a moderate price. Send for
circular. • ¦-¦ ;•.
i FULTON ST.. NEAR FRANKLIN.
8, 6 and 7 rooms; 3 years old; 9 room
house tn r«ar; rented for $115 per month; re-
C duced to $13,500.
MISSION FLATS.
Two modern flats 3 and 6 rooms; good lo-
cation: rented for $42 SO; price $5250. . *
A cheap lot on Green' at. near Octavla,
. 23:Sxl37:o; kt-y lot; very sunny; price only
$3000; must be sold.
HOAG - LAKSDA-E.
, 108 Montgomery st. San Francisco.
1 $3500 — RENTS $334 & year; Buchanan and
Fulton sts; 2 elegant modern flats, 5 rooms
and bath each; positively the cheapest
property in the nelghboorhood; this ele- •
gant investment must be sold this week •
and a mortgage of $2500 can remain; In-
cpect this snap at once; 25 foot frontage
1 GANCO. GUNZ _ CO.
SAY, my love, you promised me to buy a
home. If you love me you will do it'. Go
to-day and bay one of those lovely cottages
on Mt. Vernon avo. of WH. A. POWELL. I
Payments same as rent. Take Ocean View i
car to Mt. Vernon ave., only 2 blocks from
car line; one fare.
$250 DOWN. bal. $20 per mo., cottag*. 5 r.
and b. ; Army at, near Church; $2250.
Building lots in the Mission on easy terms;
. send for our circular. •
D. COFFIN - CO.. 3303 Mission at.
$3000 — GOOD Investment: new 3- flat build-
ings, C rooms and bath each; pays 10 per !
. cent net. Capp st. near 26th. HENRY i
KKIGE. Builder and Owner, 1068 Capp st.
THIIEE special bargains that are being sacri-
' flced for quirk sale; downtown business prop- '
etry. $11,000; Unlon-et . lot, $1500; Green- ;
wich-ct. lot. $1000. Afternoons 3153 Btelner.
* FOR sale — Cheap; nett ccttage, 4 rooms and
bath; jarse basement; terms same as rent.
Apply Owner, lumber yard, corner Army
* and Conzdon sts.
FOR sale — $1700; W. Bide Chattanooga, bet.
I 21ft and 22d. lot 2<ixl25; street bltuminlze-1,
» Apply 247 Cal. ave., nr. Mission and 30th.
MUST be told to close an estate; lot 28x116;
Flllmore st, bet Post and Geary. Apply
jewelry store. 11S3 Market Bt.
SEAL ESTATE — CITY — FOB SAX.E. 1
BALDWIN _ HO WELL.
25 Port Street j
...
Srpii to oar office for a ccpy of the Buyer j
*nd Heller, our monthly catalogue, contain- j
ins a complete lift of our properties for j
sa:e. Free for the askir.g. ,
We have a branch office at the comer cfi
H st. and 7th ave.. fronting the Park. Taka .
Ellis and Dertiailerc-st. cars.- Office open
Sundays and holidays. Horee and phaeton ¦¦
to shew you around. ¦ Most complete list j
•>f Sunset Richmond. Park front. Parnast- j
«•!» Heights and Ocean Boulevard horn* ;
tra04io«; lots on the market. Also cottages, i
homes a.Tl flats. Toir own terms — small ;
first pajHieritn. balance easy monthly In- j
i*— Kmcr.rs. Go out tc-day and be show* j
.,,,, A
J 1
HAYES STREET
*r. v> ii u i« i* •; ,' .i
_
«* . » r
_ « : ti
_ t « w »
_ — — — — — ¦ — — - — ~ « A I
_ 1 t SOLO - - 8
§ 3 . y*p i, i« ii u ?
a ————— \
= * » ¦
* «o7o tt n » a j
FELL STREET
-i i : ;
$2 5O $2.5CO. $2,500.
. Thes* choice bulling lots. f ,
Street work all done. Lots '
ready for building. Suitable I
for houses and flats.
$2. CCO each— 3 lots on west elde of Hyrfle !
St., right -where the cars stop at Beach
St.: unsurpassed marine view; nothing
like the^e !ct."» for view and price f to
be had ecy where.
$-¦{,500 — Choice marine view corner lot. €S:9x
100; can b« subdivided and sold at a
profit; Larkln urd Beach ste.. one block
/ , from Hyde-at. cars; cannot obstruct
the view.-
$13,000 — Corner on Gough St., vicinity Hayes; .
tfze COxCO; frame building and a part
of lot vacant; can be further lm-
proved.
$7,00©— Sacramento St.. Treeldio Heights dis-
trict; lot 25x127 :&»*: 2 new fiats of 5
« rooms and bath each; rents $05 per
month.
$150,000— Vicinity of California. Market "and*
Battery sts. ; extra large holding, both
in frontage and depth: brick improve-
ments nhouM be modernized; wll*. yield
C per cent net on small outlay. i
$22,000— Hales-et. business holding; lot with
frontage or. rear street: extra width
of 57 feet.; well improved with stores
and flats.
F. B SURRTHNE.
REAL ESTATE AGENT,
13* MONTGOMERY ST.
$14.GC0— Rer.U $1560 per annum; near Union :
and Steiner *ts. ; fashionable locality; Union'
and Fil'.more st. cars; 3 handsome new modern
flats, 7 rooms and bath each; lot 25x100.
$1S,500— Rents $1SGO per annum; close to
Mutton' st.; 8 fiats, 4 and 5 rooms and bath
«ach; lot has a frontage of nearly 100 feet by :
dei-lh of 115. j
$5500— Renta $648 per annum; 4 Cats, clcse j
td Klllmore st, lot 26:6x112:6. |
$0750 — Rente $750 per annum; close to Lar- ¦
kiii and Broadway; 2 flats. 7 rooms and bath •
each and good cottage in rear of 5 rooms; ;
ccrntr lot 23x137:6.
$10,000— Rents ?1GSO per annum; Hyde st; :
3 r.tw fashijnab!* flats of 5 rooms and bath '
' $12,500— Rents $1500 per annum; Washing- j
ton st, near Central ave.; 3 fine mcdern flats j
of 7 rooms and bath each; lot 25x100.
$12.500 — Rents $12Co per annum; 3 new sub- !
ctantlal flats of tf rooms ar.d bath each; close .
to Halght and Steiner sts. i
$%000— Want an offer; rents about $750 per
annum- close to Third gt; modem, substantial
building; store and two flats; sold to close
an estate. <
5SCOO — Rents $1075 per annum; close to j
Sixth et; 6 flats of 3 rooms «ach; Al propo-
sition. !
$0600— Close to Third st: corner store, with |
fUt above; rents $480 p^r annum. <
$2200 — Rents $300 per annum; closs to Bry-
ant st: two tenements. ;
$7500 — Rents <S40 per annum: thrae good |
substantial flats of 6 rooms and bath each; |
clcse to Valencia and Fourteenth sts.
$2000— Webster St., near Union; cozy cottags |
of 4 rooms and bath; lot 25x100; easy monthly
Installments if desired. j
$5250— Howard st, near 21st; good substan- \
tlal houte. 10 rooms and bath; large lot 27:6x !
122:6; mortgage of $3500 can remain if desired.
$1300— Building lots close to Halght st; easy j
terras. _ ,
$2000 to $4500— Lots fronting on Devlsadero
and Waller sts. and Buena Vista ave.; In sizes
to suit: all street work done; grand view;
beautiful »urrcundin«rs.
August catalogue now ready. j
F. B. SURRTHNE, 13S Montgomery st
HAWKS _ 6KELTON.
Rents Collected and Entire Charge Taken of
Property.
$17, SCO — Van Nets ave.. near Vallejo st; ele- i
gant house of 9 rooms and basement, !
containing billiard-room. wlneroom,
laundry and servants' room; modern
and up-to-date In every way.
$13. .'00 — Fin* house; Leavenworth, near Clay;
0 rooms and bath; laundry In basement:
building in first-class condition; view of
Golden Gate from rear.
$8,000— NE. corner Larkin and Lombard;
29:6x110; has superb view of bay; street
work all done; neighborhood growing
fast. -' V•vi'^
$5 > 40O— Ir.«lde lots adjoining above; 27x110;
'can close by. %
$8 000— NW. comer lot; Larkfn and Filbert;
40x100; superb view of Golden Gate
from rear.
«$, ooo — SW. corner lot: Larkls and GreenV.
wlch; 46x97; very fine view of Golden'
Gate from rear and eldeyfV-.-
HAWKS & EKELTON. 323 Montgomery st.
BURNHAM _ MARSH CO., I
211 Montgomery st. ]
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT.
$52,500— Rents $51C0 a year; only 2 years
built: over 70 feet frontage and inside of Polk
st; steady Income and good future.
$12 300 — Rent $97 a month; 4 flats on 12th
st.. near Mission; the kind that are never Idle;
all* low rents and right in town.
1 $10,750 — Rents $90 a month; Oak, near Mar-
ket; double lot. two frontae.es.
$4250— Rent $13 a month; Nob Hill of Mis-
sion; Twenty-first st, near Guerrero. t
$1900—27:6x132; Presidio Heights. •
CHANCE TO MAKE A PROFIT.
$1350— Reduced from |5000; rent $32 month;
key to large lot on Howard et, near Third.
$33,000— In wholesale district: close to Front
st; size 60x120 to rear street; pay big if Im-
proved.
$3400— Rent $28; Tebaxna st; backs up to
Folsom and Second.
UNION SQUARE PlfbPERTY.
$112,500 — 40x137:6: pay well If Improved.
BURNHAM & MARSH CO..
211 Montiromery st
i IT is> evident that people appreciate the mean-
Ing of "OWNING THEIR OWN HOMES,"
Instead of paying rent, for we are kept as
busy a* we can be In building. As we are
constantly adding to our holding In lots, we
are sure we can please you In locality.
Our terms are most reasonable: pay ua tke
same as the rent you are now paying and
> interest on the balance at "bank rates."
! Under those conditions you can surely be-
' come your own landlord.
WEISSBEIN BROS. & CO.j .1 ?
HOME PROVIDERS. 616 Sacramento gt.
CITY OF RICHMOND.
LOTS $5 PER MONTH.
The California terminus of the Santa Fe
Railroad and the Standard Oil Company is at
Richmond; Just across the bay from San Fran-
cisco, where these corporations are spending
millions of dollars. Buy a lot If you want to
I make- money. Address RICHMOND LAND
I COMPANY. Crocker building. San Francl«Co.
~~~- NORTHEAST CORNER. '
Lot 51x100. with fair Improvements and
' rental, or 100x100. making NE.. and NW.
¦ corners, and 3 frontages; near Folsom and
10th sts.; can't be equaled for price; $16,000;
I splendid for factory. JULIEN SMITH, Real
Estate agent, 420 Montgomery street. .:;{
$050 — NE. COR. 19th ave. and B .at, 32:6x100
ft.. $175 — I^vel lots: gaa. water: only lots in
block not built upon. $1350 — NW. cor. Cali-
fornia ft. and ISth ave., 29x120: >4 cash.'
Apply 129 Powell st. I ,
$S<100— A FINE residenco In Western Addition;
8 rooms and bath, laundry." fine garden; lot
23x137:6: must be Bold: offer wanted. Apply
2022 Pine. F. HOLTUN.
S__ X. ESTATE — CITY — ?OS SA—E. _ j
2A&TON. ELbHlUGE & CO.. !
C3* Market street.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
:ut:iday ...August lo. 1304. *
At our Eaiesrocni at 1- o'clock noon.
KOWAKD-fcXIiEEr lNVKaiME-'.l.
Nc io7u Howard *t., K« «>i «ih; lot -»x3a
c--t; Iraj,To\wnents cuueifct of a 3-stury uay-
ritidow building, containing ttore. with - Bats
U»ve of <j riAju_ and twin each; also rlats in
tax, containlns a ruoms each; total rente.
lu» cer mo.
PARK PANHANDLE F^ATS.
Nos. C30-S> Cole ft . bouih of Halght st. . lot
Sxl22:« leet; Improvements, - ne*' flats, con-
a-nlnj 6-7 rooms; porcelain bath; all moaera
mprovemen_; larce yard; rents $75 per mo. ,
FILBERT-STItlbET BUILDING LOTS.
Eouth lice of Kjlbert fct.. 37:5 feet west of
-Aguna; 5trxl37:« le«l frontage on Filbert St.,
rtth L 27x87:6 feet frontage on I_gun_
CAPITAL-AVENUE COTTAGE.
No. 1027 Capital ave., near Ingieslde, lots
3-44, block I». Lakev.ew Tract; improvements I
ozx'jsi of a substantial 1-story cottage of o
ooms and bath. barn, chicken-house and other
lUtbuilClngE: iuan of fl:Xv can remain.
GHKENAVlCH-bTKEET FLATS. ,
Nos. 2234-34 ij Greenwich bt... east of fcteiner, •
ot 24:3Ux7(S:ti fe*t; improvements consist of
! good fiats, containing 4-5 rooms, in first-
lass condition; rents $£> per mo.
BRANNAN-STREET INVESTMENT.
No. r.:i Branr_n st.. being the SW corner of
3rannan su and Brannaji place; lot ZSxioa
eet; Improvements consist of a 2-story frams
sliding, containing store and 4 living-rooms;
1st* above, containing <i rooms; 6-foot base-
ner.t; also stable on property; rents $45
>er mo.
MISSION RESIDENCE.
No. 252 Chattanooga st.. north of 24th: lot
SilSO feet; a. mag—Scent residence, contain-
=g 12 spacious rooms: large basement; French
large grounds; luxuriant foliage; barns,
:hick»n-hcuse. etc.; mortgage $3000; tf so de-
ired the party purchasing can buy either 50 or
S feet - .
RICHMOND BUILDING LOTS.
South line of B st . So teet east of 4th ave..
5x100 feet each; these Iota are particularly well
iituated. being located in the very best por-
lon of this fast grrowins portion of the city;
:xce!l«nt chances fcr Ejaculation.
ASHBURY HEIGHTS BUILDING LOTS.
East line of Lotta tt., 100 feet eouth of Far-
:afBUs ave. ; lot 25x101 feet : Lotta st is sltn-
ited one block west of Stanyan st, being this
;Ide of the Affiliated Colleges, and is situated
to as to command an unsurpassed view; a
lellghtful rite for building a home.
CARI^STREET BUILDING LOT.
South !in» of Carl st., 157 feet west of
itanyan; lot 25x137 :(J fe*t: this lot has par-
Jcular chances for building and should be in-
spected ta be appreciated.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE - CO.,
633 Market St
SASTON. ELDRIDGR ft CO..
C38 MARKET ST.
$15.0C0 — Rents $H4O r>er annum; 3 brand
!«w flats of 7 rooms: saloon parlors: positively
,h<? handsomest flats in the Western Addition.
$75C0 — Bush st. n*ar Hyde: 2 One flats of
1-0 room* and baths; large unfinished baee-
nent: rents very low at $55 per mo.; lot alone
vorth th« money: mortgage of $4000 can ro-
¦nnln: woulJ easily stand a mortgage of $5500:
—Is property -is situated In a locality that is
ncr'-aslng day by day.
$j.%00 — Rents $S0 per mo.: positively the
:htape»t piece of property In the natur*> of flats
fver bafore offered: situated on Folsom^t, near
17th; new and modern in every 'respect; 4-5
•oorns, porcelain baths, cement washtrays, gas
;rat*s, first-class fixtures; large^ high, base-
ment concrete foundation.
$3250 — 2 flats on Masonic ave.. south of Pled-
T.cnt: brand netr; containing 5-6 rooms; porce-
aln baths.
$5000 — Reduced from SC500; magnificent resl-
ience correr on Dolcres st. ; 51:6 feet frontage
arlth L off side street 62 feet frontage; Improve-
ments, elerant 2-story residence.
$5000—4 modern flats on Natoma st, near
3th; 4 rooms and bath each; rents $43 per mo.:
you can make no mistake Investing south of
Market; property positively bound to Improve.
5J7.V; — 2 handscrr.e Mission flats, 6-6 rooms
ind btth, cn Treat ave., running through to
ear street; 2 frontage*; fine stable on rear
frontatre; rent $42 GO.
$4600 — Rent3 $M2 per annum; Lang ton Bt.
near Howard: 4 very fine tenement flats of 4-3
-ooms and 2 rear tenements of 3 rooms; perma-
lently rsnted: concrete sHewalk; newly papered
throughout; a safe investment.
S42r.fi — Tenement flats of 4 rooms each; south
side of Market: rents 141 per mo.
A FEW PICKUPS FOR THE FUTURE IN
BUILDING LOTS.
$2250— Frederick et.. n*ar Wlllard.
JC50 — Finn corner on Hoffman ave. and 24th
st. : a - e sacriflc*.
$C50— Lot, 23 foot frontage, on M St., near
13th ave. ¦
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market st.
_____________
64S MARKET STREET, j
We publish an entire page of specially .
selected bargains in to-day's Bulletin. It Is :
worth your while to read It. Free copies j
may be secured at our office upon appll- i
cation. '- - ' '¦ - ; ¦ j
$6250 — 3-stery building, containing store. 2
flats, 7-foot brick basement; modern plumb-
ing, new rcof, etc.; rents $6S4; Minna, nr. 6th.
$5000 — De Long aye., near Frederick; cot-
tage; 5 large rooms, reception hall; large
basement; lot 30xS5.
$3000 — Handsome up-to-date cottage, 6
rooms and bath: cov<? celling, etc.; on
Sanchez et.; lot 2S:6xW.
tlS.OCO— Post, between Larkln and Polk;
lot 25x120; two frontages; residence 12
rooms and bath; rents $1030.
$7250 — 6 well built flats. 8 rooms and
bath; renting for $864; cn Powell st; lot
40x68:9.
$26,000— Powell **.. near Pine; lot 44x j
112:6; 4 modern flaw, 7-7-8-8 rooms and ¦
bath; rents $165 per month. •
J3300 — Modern cottage. 6 large rooms and
bath; high basement, etc.; Ashbury Heights.
$55.00" — Spear st, a few feet from Market.
01:8x137:8.
$10,000 — S3xl37:6; Oak st, facing the Park
Panhandle.
$10 000^ — S.' W. corner Dolores and 17th;
08:6x100.
I9J00— N E. corner on 9th st. near How-
ard, 25xS0.
$6000 — California ft. near Hyde. 27:6x137:8.
$5200 — Oak, near Broderlck, 60x137:6.
J4750 — Clayton «t. near Waller. 45x106. #> -,
$4200 — S. E. corner Greenwich and Devlsa-
dero: marine view; 54:6xfl5:7.
$4070— Page, near Laguna. 07:6x137:6.
$4000— 22nd, near Guerrero, 50x161.
i'.K'<0 — Fell near Fillmore, 25x137:0.
$3150 — Key" lot, Haight, nr. Clayton. 25x100.
$3000— Jackson, near Spruce, 25x137 :8U:
eplendld marine view.
$3000 — N. E corner Sanchez and Elizabeth,
COxlOO.
$2C0O— N. E. corner 23d and Vlcksburg, 40x90.
j.2600 — N. Greenwich, near Montgomery ave..
25x70:6.
$600— Rhode Island, near 24th; level and
ready for building: 25x1 00.
We publish an entire page of specially
selected bargains In to-day's Bulletin. It Is
worth your while to read It. Free copies
may be secured at our office upon applica-
tion. - - v f '?"
C. M. WOOSTER CO. 648 Market.
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE COMPANY,
513 CALIFORNIA ST.
NEW BRODERICK-ST. FLATS.
$9750—30x103; Broderiek St., near Green; 2
substantially constructed new flats; marine
view; renticg for $75 per month.
BUSH-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$30,000 — (0:9x137:6; north line of Bush st.
near Mason; Improvements consist of a lodg-
ing-house renting for $160 per month.
FREDEIUCK-ST. BUILDING LOT.
$1850—25x100; south line of Frederick, near
WHlard: adapted for home.
JONES-ST. BAY-WINDOW FLATS.
$11,000 — 10x137:6; Jones st. near Greenwich;
'4 modern flats, renting for $87 50.
PROMINENT UNION-ST. CORNER.
$25,000— Six new flats of 6 rooms and bath
eacb. renting for $2CS8 per annum.
CHOICE MISSION HOME.
$6000 — 42 feet front; Liberty at, near Guerr-
ero; well-built house of 10 rooms and bath.
CHEAP MISSION HOME.
$3750— 31x1.2 :(i; Howard st, near 19th; im-
provements consist ot comfortable cottage of
clx rooms and bath: a splendid bargain.
COR. SACRAMENTO AND STEINER ,STS.
$20,000 — 51:3x120; corner Sacramento and
Stelner street*: Improvements consist of cot-
tages and flats, renting for $132 50 per month;
street work accepted.
;: '« • SCOTT- ST. HOME.
¦ ¦ $7,000 — Scott, near Sacramento, opposite
Alta plaza: beautiful, well-constructed home
of 8 rooms and bath; should be seen to be ap-
preciated.
) StfNNY- MISSION HOME.
'$4250— 25x115; Liberty- at. near Valencia:
substantially built house of 9 rooms and bath;
street work accepted.
- CARL-ST. LOT.
,$3800 — 50x137:0; Carl st, near Clayton;
splendid location for flat*. ; .
A FINE lot for sale on Sanchez St., near Du-
I boce Park: 33:0 feet front by 150 feet In
¦^ depth. Inquire at 203 Day st
$11.000— RENTS $107 50; 3 new elegant flats.
\ U-0-7 ¦ room? ; grand marine view; near
Chestnut and Leavenworth. J Box 3093, Cail
COTTAGE of 5 large rooms. Sunset District.
'1907 Tenth ave. Price $1200 cash.
CHINATOWN. Income; brick and frame prop-'
ertlea for sale. Address, box 2929, Call.
SEAL • —STATE — CITY — TOB __X»_. •
SHAINWALD. BUCKBKE _ CO..
21 S and 22O Montgomery St.. j
Mill* building.
$40,CC0— Post st.. near Taylor; 2 frontage*;
4O root lot: «raau site to erect moa.rn
build In.-.
$4.500— Clay St.. near Locust; fine lot. 33*
102:8^ feet; ready to build on.
$8.230— Devteadero-st. corner, near Eddy, with
fine 2-story residence; lot SSxluw ft-:
price is very reasonable.
$25.000— Washington St.. near Locust: new
Presidio Heights resilience; grand ma-
rine view; 12 rooms and baths; lot 63x
127 :8H ft.; one of the choicest bargain*
. in thib beautiful section.
$10,000— Filbert iL, near Hyde; fine marine
view; residence of lo rooms and bath;
lot 48x137:6 ft.
$28.000— Bush-it. CaiZ northwest corner of
Pierce; 3 new flats on corner and resi-
dence on Pierce st.; 7 and 8 rooms in
flats; 8 rooms and bath in residence;
rent* about $200 per month; lot 30x100:
always rented.
$7.090— Broadway, nr. Devlsadero: fine site for
residence; lot 38 :« feet front; grand ma-
rine view; a bargain.
$6,000 — Devlsadero. near Halght: residence, S
rooms and bath: lot 25x125.
$7.500— Howard st, near Eighth; 3 Cat* rent-
lfiff for $«4 CO per month; lot 25x85 feet.
$7,500— Unlcn-sc corner, near Devlsadero;
elegant marine view; lot 52:6x110 feet; |
must be sold. '
$3,250 each— Filbert, near Scott; magnificent
marine view; lots 27:6x137:6 each and
corner 65x137:0 feet; 1-5 cash, balance
on easy terms.
J17.000— 2d-st. corner, nr. Harrison. 70x95 ft.;
\ fine site far factory or warehouse pur-
poses.
$775 each — Choice marine view lots: Lake
BU. 2eth and 27th aves. : ready to build :
on; price Includes al! street work, sew-
ers and sidewalks; will double In value
In one year; cash or easy terms If de-
sired.
Get a copy of our printed list of properties
for sale.
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE A CO..
218 and 220 Montgomery St.. Mills bid.
HOOKER - LENT. 14 Post st.
417,500— Sacramento St.. near Larkln st: t\
houses and lot; 50x120; rents $120. i
$33,000 — Market-st. corner: Inside; good build-
Ing; stores and rooming-house; bargain. J
$33,500 — Business property on Valencia St., near j
16th; stores and flats; a good Investment; 1
always rented; large lot.
$25,<XM> — Poet St.. adjoining corner of Larkln; 2
I houses; lot 50x37:6; should be altered for
stores; rent* now $135; bargain.
$25,000 — Ith-st. business property; extra large
.lot; fine Improvements that cost about
$18,000; rents $162 SO.
$18,500— Poet et, north side; 6 houses and lot
62:6x125 to rear street; rents $145; bar-
gain.
$17,500— Large northeast comer on Geary st;
.69:9x82:6.
$17,000— Residence near Deviaadero and Clay
sU .. modern bouse of 10 rooms, with
large grounds.
$ 16. OCO— Marina view residence: Broadway near
Laguna st; large lot; modern bouse ot
10 rooms, etc.
$14,000— Valencia st. near 16th; lot 63x87:6;
best buy In the Mission.
$13,000— Stelner »t; three splendid, new Cats,
6-7-8 rooms; rents $107 CO.
$12,500 — Flllmore st; store* and flats; north of
: California at.; rents $1030; new building.
$10,250 — Two new marine view corner Cats;
very attractive; rente $87 60.
$7,250 — Two new corner Cats In warm belt of
the Mission; on car line; 6-8 rooms; up
to date; grand view; sun all day.
$3,500 — Mlseion-st. store property, near 20th;
house of 7 roorae. etc; 25x90.
$5, COO— New flats; Ashbury Heights; 5-6
rooms, etc; rents $45; lot 25x100.
$4,100— New 2-story and basement residence;
Mission warm belt; 6-7 rooms and bath;
lot 25x103; a bargain.
$2,650 — Cottage S rooms and bath and base-
ment; In fine condition; key lot; north
side of street; half a block to car line;
'Mission-
$2,&00 — A fine cottage on 8th ave., near Cle-
ment at.; large lot
i HOOKER & LENT. It Post St.
i *
i AAAAAA
A HOME BUILT FOR $1 23 PER WEEK.
SELECT THE LOT ANYWHERE IN THE
WE BUY AND BUILD TO SUIT YOU.
MUTUAL HOME BUILDING ASSOCIA-
$300 EACH— Choice level lots at Ocean View;
all .ready for building; '-i block from car
line; nasy terms; $25 down, balance $5
monthly: chance to get a good lot cheap.
McKWEN BROS., 118 Montgomery st
DO YOU KNOW THAT YOU CANMAKE
MOKE MONEY ON POINT RICHMOND
REAL ESTATE THAN AN YWERE ELSE?
Point Richmond Is Growing Faster
Than Any Other Town in the State.
Is the Terminus of the Santa Fe Railroad.
WILL BE THE NEW TERMINUS
OF THE SOUTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAD.
HAS THE IMMENSE WORKS
OF THE STANDARD OIL COMPANY.
Santa Fe Tract Offers Best Opportunities.
$5 Monthly. $3 Monthly.
STREETS GRADED. SIDEWALKS LAID.
McKWEN BKO5.. 118 Montgomery st. ~
W. F. AMBROSE & CO~
REAL ESTATE BROKERS.
41 and 42 CHRONICLE BLDG.
$11, 000 — 12 flate. all modern: electric lights,
speaking tuber, g'.c. ; paying big Interest
on price asked.
$50,000 — Downtown investment; one tenant; se-
cured lease: 2 frontages; near Sutter and
Powell streets
$20,000— Not far from Powell and Market 8ts.;
44x112:6; present Income $1980 per
annum.
68:0xlu7:B — Elegant Battery-st. corner; would
pay big to improve.
27:6x110 — Elegant corner opposite Alamo
Square; 2 flats; price $10,800.
W. F. AMBROSE & CO.,
41 and 42 Chronicle Building.
_~ special! ~~
must be sold to close an estate.
1 a oreat bargain.
CORNER LOT FACING THE PARK PAN-
HANDLE. .
REDUCED FROM $10,000.
$8000— Southeast corner Central avenue and
Oak streets; lot 49:5x110 feet; a grand corner
which should -be improved with an apartment
house or flats. ¦ ¦ -
C. M. WOOSTER CO . 648 Market . st
$1 25 PEH week: no Interest: lots In the Ex-
celsior Homestead Tract: all level', no graj-
r Ing to do: ready to build your little home
on; close to electric cars and school.
_ • r -..¦¦ .W.-. J. WHITE.
28 Montgomery st. room 8.
FOR sale-^- Sunny : 8-room houn«, bath, yard,
etc. Apply afternoon*, 20 Pearl St., off Mar-
ket, near . 13th.
TO be removed, old church. Howard st, bet.
•¦¦.21st; and 22d ats. Box 2S&5, Call of flee.
ALL ' work guaranteed first class by AHL-
BACH & MAYER, plumbers. 839 Howard st
ESAL ISTATE — CTgT — ~OB 8A_— . | '_
BALDWIN _ STETSON. |
317 Montgomery St.. near Pine.. j
Over 20 y.&it' experience in San Francisco.
Real Estate Ac^nts. - Kent Collectors.
Kull charge taken of property.
Fire IczurancQ Agency. Telephone "Jrant 1>>«. *
See today's "Chrcnlcle" — CSfferent list. :
We advertls* cn!y bargains. j 1
Call at our cfice aad get full particular*. *
$50,000— Northeast corner. 137:6r?2 !:«: wfthia «
about tea minutes' walk to Keamy st.. i
north of Market St.; 15 per cent van b« i
got by changing Improvement lnu> an {
apartment hous.-^. ¦
$12.C0u — Weatera Addition ccrner, S2:CxS7:«; • -
¦¦¦-¦ -- ;3 modem Cats. *. 7 and 7 rooms aai < |
bath each; luw r- nta at $11^4.
$11,750— Rents $13CS; good Mission belt Invest-
ment; tt front Cats and lot 45xl22:»J: ,
pays now over U per cent net; will pay ,
15 D«r «nt net by buIMlnx rear flat; ,
plenty cf room. ' i
$8,150 — _ aguna st. business corner: large lot: ,
2 modern sunny ' flats. 7 and « rooms ]
and bath, etc.. each; will pay 1 per ,
cent n*t by chassis g high basement )
lnta > s'.cre.
$4,100— fTwenty-*«ccnd st.. mix Howard; ',
rents $432; 2 good Cats, brick fouada/- .
tlcn. ]
$3,250— Rents $338; Leavenwerth street; 2 '
good flats and lot. <
""• •..-., ;
BALDWIN _ STZTSON. ,
317 Montgomery St., near Pine..
OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 POST STREET. I
$o£0— FOUR level lots, including a small barn. ( '
half a block from the Mis*ion-st. cars;
Spring Valley water.
$50 each— Two lots In the Abbey Homestead; ,
clo« to Mlsslca-st. cara. J
$150 each — Lots in the Excelsior Homestead; J
not v«ry far &-cm cars. . ;
$150 eacli — Lots ready to build on; half a '
<block from Silver ave.; closa to the cars. . '
tCoO — Two lrvel lots on View ave.. near 22d.
. $500 — Flee corner, 1 block frcna Chcsery-st. '
car line. I
$440 — Two lets, lncludin* corner. In Ocean
View.
$250 each — Lot* en Dourlaas St., near 28th. ( '
HETMAX TKACT.
$200— $900— Lots, Douglass et.. Hoffman ave.. . '
22d St.. View ave. and Cortxnt road-
$550^ — Choice lots on De Haro St., near 2Cd; ' <
concrete foundation* laid, ready to build on. j
$300 eacli — Two lots; street work dcn#; near j <
Court land ave. and achooihouse. ( 1
$350— Let on Surry St.. Glenn Park district; I
all street wcrk done.
S900— Six lots on 18th ave. South. I
$:i50 each — Two lots, 1 block from Chenery.
$300 each — Two Cne marine view lots, near
Star.yan street. i <
$1700— Francisco nt.. near Ducont «.; Cse :
lot. suitable for Cats
$300 each — Lots on 12th ave. South; 1 block ' <
from Kentucky at. ( i
$1250— Lot cn Precita ave.. 120 feet east of ,
lit? Jinn st.
$1650 each — Parnassus Heights; lots half a ,
block from cara: street bltuminlxed; cement ,
sidewalk* laid.
$5CO— 24x100; not far from Silver ave. ; will t •
make a good chicken ranch. I j
$750— Merritt at., near ISth; One building ,
lots.
S1IXO— Noe st.. near 21st; building lots. ,
$723— Thirtieth St.. near Noe st.; building ,
lots. ;
$350 each— Flee lots on Vermont and 25th ,
sta . '
OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 POST STREET.
Also office of Jacob Hayman Co.
CALIFORNIA
TITLE INSURANCE AND TRUST COMPANY,
410 MONTGOMERY ST.
MOVED FROM MILLS BUILDING TO MOR_ I
COMMODIOUS QUARTERS IN HAY-
WARD BUILDING.
CAPITAL. ONE MILLION DOLLARS.
OUR POLICY OF TTTLE INSURANCE FA-
CILITATES all transactions In real estate; it
has supplanted the old-fashioned method of j
relying on certificates of title cr mere opin- I
ions, neither of which guarantees anything
or promises to make good any loss.
A TRUST COMPANY IS A CORPORATION
subject to State law and examination, which I
exists primarily for the execution of trusts.
Such an Institution affords absolute protection
against unsafe methods tn the n_— agemest of
estates.
THE ONLY SAN FRANCISCO TITLE IN-
SURANCE COMPANY having a complete lo-
cality plant or copy of the real estate records.
constructed especially for Insurlnr real es-
tate titles like modern plant* of New York.
Boston, Chicago and Eastern cities; reason-
able rates: all matters controlled and maa-
aged by the following
DIRECTORS AND TRUSTEES:
WILLIAM ALVORD.
President Bunk of California.
CHARLES R. BISHOP.
Vice President Bank of California.
ROBERT BRUCE,
Of Balfour. Guthrie * Co.
HENRY L. DAVIS,
President California Optical Co.
P. N. LILIENTHAL.
Manager Acglo-Callfornlan Ba__
WARREN OLNEY.
Olney & Olney, Attorneys and Counselors.
CHARLES PAGE.
Par*. McCutchen _ Knight. Atfy*.
A- T. SPOTTS.
Mgr. Cal. Title Ins. and Trust Co.
JOHN* R. SPRING
j Capitalist. 630 California st
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS!
We Lead In Sales of Oceanside Lots! Why?
Choice st. Locations! Lowest prices! Mildest
Climate!
Don't Miss This Golden Opportunity!
$30© to $1200 — Graded; ready for bulldla*.
Splendid view of ocean from vfrery lot.
Nothing like it In this city. All bargains!
Easy terms!
$100 to $300— Near park and ocean; $3 monthly.
Oceanside branch office, corner H st. snd
47th ave.; also corner 49ta ave. boulevard and
K st. Open Sundays.
$300 to $1200— Choicest Sunset lets; $10 monthly.
$300 to $1000— Cheapest Richmond lots and
near Spreckels Lako and park; on Installments.
$150 to $400— Level Excelsior Homestead lots •
$5 monthly.
$1000 to $4000— Mcdern Cottages In Sunset.
Richmond. Oceanside and _ xcelaior Homestead.
Low prices! Easy terms!
'- -
EOL GETZ & SON, Owners and Dealer*.
Room 54. Chronicle Butldtar. •
SUNSET REALTY CO.. P.oom «13. Emma
Spreckels BulMine. 827 Market st.
$2750^ — Cozy cottage of 5 rooms and bath, all
modern conveniences; in heart of the
Mission warm tx»lt; can be had on very
easy terms; lot 25x100.
REMEMBER WE LEASE LODGING
HOUSES AND HOTELS.
$3100— Elegant cottage of 7 rooms and bath:
York st., near 20th; fine yard and high
basement: a little C3sh down and small
monthly payment* will buy this.
REMEMBER RENTINO AND LEASING
IS OUR SPECIALTY.
$9350 — Corner store and fiats: Income $920 a
year; near 7th and Mission; lot 23x30;
¦ •-.this is worth Investigating.
REMEMBER WE COLLECT RENTS.
$16.*XH) — Southwest corner, near Page- st. and
Masonic ave. ; 3 elegant and up-to-date
fiats, bringing in a splendid Income;
must be sold at once.
SUNSET REALTY CO.. Room 613. Emma
Spreckels Building, 027 Market st.
Phone Folsom 1532.
$3200— SANCHEZ st.. near 19th; two flats.
$1500 — Church-st. cottage. 4 rooms; lot 43x30.
I Pine-st. lot. 37:6x73: fine Income property.
1 SS500 — Ashbury st.: 0 rooms, bath: lot 50x104.
I Waller st.. near Stanyan; lot S5xS5; make
offer-
¦ Scott Ft., near O'Farrell; cottatre; lot 13x90.
I $12C0— Cottage. 4 rooms; flv« lots.
i $5500— Guerrero «t.. between 21st and 22d;
8 rooms, bath; lot 32x117. •
; $2.100 — Dolores «t.. between Tweqty-thlrd and
Twenty-fourth: lot 25x117:6.
J.'uuu — Waller st., near Devlsadero: 8 rooms
bath; lot 25x110.
Pine st.. near Taylor; 3 new flats; price re-
duced.
PATTERSON, Examiner bldg., room 202.
$1700— COTTAGE. 6 large sunny rooms and
batb, Karden. half a 'block from cars, 2ath
and Noe: sacrificed: owner having left city;
easy terms; call to-day 12 to 2. 33tj Vall?y st.
3 NEW. in idem flats, 6 room each; rent 11260
per ar.nem; lot 25x100; north side Frederick
8t.. betw,>en Ashbury and Clayton; price $11 -
500. Apply J. H. KRUSE. 23d and Shotwell.
3 NEW. modern flats. 6 rooms each; rent $1170
1 per annum; lot 25x100; north side Fulton st
between Cole and Shraler; price 110,500. Ap^
ply J. H. KRUSS. 23d and Shotwell sts.
$8000—3 new flats. 4-4-5 rooms; 4-room cot-
tage and barn; cor. lot, 25x114: rent/$SS.
Owner, 208 Vicksburs at., near 24th.
INVESTMENT PROPERTY.
$14,850— Rent $1500 per year: swell Cats;
t-ery substantially built: nearly completed:
located very central: 712 Halght. nr. Pierce
Owner premises every day; lot 30- ft. frontl
NEW colonial hcu?e. containing 2 fiats of 5
. rooms and reception ball:, artistically dece-
rated; $5400; lot 37x95. D st. and 4th ave.
FOR ¦ sale — 2 modern flats on Nee st. Apply
4045 Nineteenth »t.
FOR BALE— ELEGANT FLATS: up to date;
term* to suit purchasers: large lots en Fred-
erick. ¦ west of Wlllard. earn Glass, builder.
- on premises. -
E— U. ESTATE- COVUT1LT—-T9X tUIe.
WHITE _ BAYLEV.
\V. J. WH1TK.
CHICKEN RANCHES KVt:Rr~"HER_. •
EXCHANGES.
$7 SO per acre; b«s{ »_ck rjaeh in H-j_Bc_t
Cctinty; ea the ¦!<:;— of th« «outlJ Fir* at t!v»
Eel River; SiU> acres grazing land: practically-
all fenced; good xarmi»ou*e; _rje bars: l'ji>
h«ail &ne cattle; !«/>» »h**v; bur*t«. asd ill
farming l_p>mests at market price*.
$17 per acre — Fme« stock ranch in F!a-»-
f.V ; Ujm acres: at railr-yad stattem; US* \cr»*
bottom land for alf-!!a. _i_b<-« ttllmm: ail
can be plo-x-d; rmrry 40O b— ul: <J-««::ic«. .
good barna. la.Tto-.at UcvUa~rr_. V> catu*. Yz
borse»; part cash.
$.VAO— Sonoma Co.; Z3> aere* Bear to»r.
well watered: cabin ? roonj»; bi« bam: orchari
viteyard: « arres vegetable loam; l-''»'> c-.r-i.-i
wood: Ii-O rord« tan feark; touts. scea_ i saw; 3
hors*»: a *«om; part easli.
$2=U>— Near m.-.; Crui; V* acres; 3 »er«i
fruit; 20 acre* ha> : new 4-rootn bn—w: tarn.
$2400 — Only 2V: mil's o* town; 25 _il»s of
ctty; 24; acres valley and gtstly rolUsg land, i
acre* rkh bottom land: lu acres fall t-*r ..-«•
grap«>; sufflclent water for ;rriga'.U;3. t: to<
sired: incima at>>ut »7CO: n-> t-:".'12r.g»
$1CCO— At Scnoma City; i' k acr»s; new u
room cottage: xotki w«H: <** bcoa>: p—ttry-
houses; brooder- bouses; large Ircnbator; tooi«.
furniture; a senuia* bargain and caa't Ur.
but a few &*?*.
%ZXAj—la Scr.osr.a Co.. near boat" and can;
1C2 acres, acme orchard and vineyard; cor a
and grain f.e.d. garden, berries; e-rueca house.
all furnisfced; - hcrs*s. rfTtag *:.! read wagens.
harsesa. too—, ccw, poultry; •- - Job li de-
sired.
$iiCO— 5 mile* of Santa Hom ar^i near sta-
tion; Russian River bottom: 25 a"r»*; a acres
vineyard; new buildings: J-rocm, and bath cot-
tage; good tarn; wind mill and •.*=<«;
hcoses; see this, acd If you want only part <il
It will sell uni—irraved portlca at $1<X> p*r
acre; If yoa want to raise corn that w:u rr.±<-
tbe Ka.-.ias artlcla "side »tep" see sc_e of our
homes en the Russian River.
jsoto — 12 acree at ilayfleld; 10 inlsste** walk
to station; c_gn!3cest artesian water; rich
black loam, suitable for berries and vegetables;
fine tO-room residence; 2 l_rx« barn*. :.:;
10O tons eacli; good outbuUU_^s; --».: ii^
balance at 4 per cent-
$_CO— Close to Eanta Rom: 80 a:r««; U
eulUvatlble; 12 acres vineyard; good fencaa;
pocr buU_n:st
ALFALFA LANDS.
$100 per acre— One mile cf Modests: 9 aerea
up* caah-
$30 Der acre— 3 mile* cf Modesto; 20 acre*
up: ',. cash.
$50 per acre— Near LoiJt. on the Wootfbrldf*
canal. '
$20 p<r acr e— Rtch river bottc_ land; an
ditched for Irrigation; pucer Co.. one __• or
town and railrcad. '¦ ____"
GOOD PP.OPERTT WANTED.
We have Eastern buyer* far first-claa* tara
property and poultry farm*.
FINE DAIRIES IN HVMEOLDT.
"V\> have a Urge list cf completely e<;-a!3?ed
dairies tn the best sections of Hu_boidt Co.;
2v acr*s tsc.
$4i"*>— 30 acres, m mfles of town Santa
Clara Co.; 20 ac— • bearing tree* and vines;
nice cottage, outbuildings; reeervoir; Cne In-
come; would trade city or Oakland property.
$%2u— 3 miles of Geyservllle; Z^% acres; *-
room house, large bam. 2 good wells: rolling.
all In vineyard: oak trees: Cne poultry farm.
$2Si0 — Near Petalum*.; 10^ acres sandy lcam;
1 acre asparag-a*; fine well: modern cotia**.
5 rooms acd bath: horses, cow, et;. ; half caai;
see it Quick.
$1600— At Sebastopcl: 13 acres Cae. le-re 1.
sandy loam: orchard *nd berries; balance^ &a«
pasture; runiilni stream; Cne fcr corn. t*«;»-
tables and berries; on the electric read; $d00
down.
$350—6 miles frcra town; 80 acre*: _ast:7
level; 40 tare— sg land: fenced; creek; w«:..
bou«e; bam; outbuillrcgs: part cash.
$S— On Cottonwood Creek: 104O acres: VA
rich bottom lard: well fenced and cress-fenced;
good hous*: 2 larg* tarns: might exchange.
$U0OO — Cles« to Santa, Crux; 18 acre*; near
school: One hay and fruit crcp; new modern
cottage, « rooms; nice stable; brooder-houses;
horse; cow; calves; poultry; fur&it— re; part
cash.
$^750— Sonoma Co.. cne mile cf Cs* towa: 13
acres, all in peaches asd prunes, with f_*
crop cf corn between rows; modern cottage. 3
rooms and bath; well, windmill and tank;
Russian River bottom: the real thlrg.
$.0000 — Hotel, stables, etc.. In A_meda Co.;
lot *^x2CO; One locaticn.
$2500 — Fine eummT resort In Sonoma Co. :
stage station and P. O. en place; 141 acr»s
controlling 1000-acre range; S acres b*anr;
orchard; hay land; good houstj asd 4 cot use*.
all furnished; bath; dancing platform; horses;
farming Implements: see this <;u!ck-
$1500 — Half-mile live town. Sonoma Co.: 4
acres Russian River bottom land: none Cner:
nice shade trees, house and barn; great poultry
(arm: easy terms.
Send stamp for the- largest asd most dl-
versiSed printed list en the coast. v
WHITE _ BATLEY. 1
Successor* to
W. J. WHITE.
25 Montgomery »t-. room •..
Property Exchanges a Sr^cialty.
8TOCK RANCHES A SPECIALTT.
California Nevada. Arizona. _>_.:- *toca
ranches for their value for grazing — v_; •..-»: *
suitable- for subdivision and colonizat__ v»..
> uable not alone for grazing, but for U_t<r. ¦*.
' rlculture. oil. minerals or town sites. \V» >_ ¦•*
many tracts where frost never occurs. »'•
have many valuable pasture lands where gra^s
cattle are fat In April, when beef ccs__— 1*
the highest price.
We have business property that will say 5
per cent net on cost for five or ten yeare' leas*.
We have residences up to date, in the land :'.
the lemon, orange, sunshine, fruit asd Cowen.
We have many beautiful orchard homes la
the famed Santa Clara Valley, near the Garden
City of California. Good dairy and _:i.:»
ranches.
We can offer a Mexican grant that will is>
port 10.000 bead of cattle for only $50,000.
CHARLES W. COE * CO..
Real Estate. Cattle and I-oarix
TS 79 A ux era is bide.. San Joee, Cai.
$2300—30 acres at Ben Lomond; orchard asd
vineyard; creek runs through place;
abunda—c* of water. 200O-r*>lloa t*r.-c
supplies house and grounds: cozy. 4-room.
new cottage and barn; plenty of wood:
convenient to desot: One location f?r
summer bcarders: cheap at $3000; well
worth Investigating: terms I* desired.
(Refer ta No. 1XX.)
$3000— 17 acre* on Cap', tola road, hems* o£
S rocn_ . bard finished: bath: pa—try;
milk bouse and closets; ban with *••*
stalls; can hold 2O tsns hay; isiU __t-
Uy orchard; the grandest oak tree* la
the country on this place: aboct Cftcea
chicken houses with everTthias; complete
for poultry business; 2 wells: w!nd__l:
fronts oa Cn* oiled read and ran* to cen-
ter of creek tn rear; all level; caa «*J illy
b- subdivided. (No. 1CVX>
\V« have many other desirable place* wtl ca
weTsave not room t* list, at cric#» — _r:=«
from $500 to $20,000. Let us show yoa w_tf
you want.
ADAMS - PARRT.
Real _stat» Brv_»rs.
117 Pactflc are.. Saata Crua. C— L
U03 OATO3 FRUTT RANCH.
SO acres For 8a> #8000
It is worth tr.ere; the i_rroTetaea_ eoet
that but If It tu'.ts. raake me an offer: It will
be sacrificed QUlok!y. Twenty- fr*e acre* la
prune*, full bearing, several in grar«e. apples, ,
cberrtf*. tarries, etc. : 15 In hay. abun-
dant wool: 2 fin» »prlnss; rich, iar* loamy
soil: 2-storv. hard-f.nUh*<1 house of 7 rooms,
barns and numer-us outbulUings; well culti-
vated and e$uipr*d: 5 mltea of Lc* Gates; 3 of
Alma: electric read socn will pa» through:
marnlflcent view. We do not think there is
In California, such a place for the price.
JULIEN SMITH. Real Estate Agent.
420 Montgcm«ry street.
S3 ACRES fine grain land, good house and
bam. blacksmith shop, good business comer
fer roadhouse, or country store, Santa Clara
County.
; 27 acres fertile land. 7 acres almonds and
apricots, batance alfalfa: house, stable. Stanis-
laus County.
43 acres; 30 In 4-year vines, balance, rj—^.
house, pavilion, cellar, barn. Santa Clara Coua-
ty; bis bargain on account of departure.
JOSEPH STRAUB. Kit) Market »t., 3. ~-
BARGAINS IN WASHINGTON LAND.
4S0 ACRES at only $21 per acre: 40 aorfS
under cultivation; 8 in»orchard; b_. R nea-
of fir and yellow Bine: 2 mil— to »aw:atll
and 5 miles to river: when cleared wM raise
ail kinds of grain and tnsurpassed tat fruit;
«-very acre tillable when cleared; 11 springs.
2 houses cn same, and school convenient;
will trade for part In S. F.. California,
property: Investigate this. SEAL KUt.K.
INVESTMENT CO.. 1312 Market St., room
418; tel?ohone Folaom 34CS. ¦ -^
WILL subdivide 7S<2 acre* near A«tn:v Springs,
on main county road to St. Helena: tw>
ranches adjoining; house on each; lars 1 '
barn on one; fine hay and grain land: about
200 acres of timber, for which good market
exists at nearby quicksilver mines; very
cheap at $13,00«>: owner can call to se* you.
Address box 1_>2. CaU offlcp. Oakland.
GOOD ICO-acro farm, near Napa City; well Im-
proved; clear: bargain: S10.C0O; might taki
part In residence bay cities. Particulars, ad-
dress Owaer. box 30C&. Call office.
A SPLENDID HOME.
S4CtH>--«» acres of the h*st land: 5 mil's
SE of Stockton; f3M0 Improvements; own-r
coin* East, reason for le'.Un;: half cash.
Imlanca at 6 per rent net per annum; plenty
L yy ; . L. MORKmv. Stockton.
«— a borsaln! — A Rn- chick?r. ranch of 2»
aeres. situated in the heart o< a thriving ctry
"f T00U inhabitants: water ditch on the
place- -111 sell fcr part cash, cr exchange
for city uroperty. Apply to 61U iiacramento
s'.rewt.
ALFALFA Uods. stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards: Inspected bargains: monthly cata-
lorue. sent tree. C M. WOOSTtt* CO..
•43 Market at,THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. AUGUST 7, 1904.
39
pEAL ESTATE — COUITTS7 — For Sale.
#5100 — FOR sale. 2\i cziles from town. 2*
scrt? sandy loan sell: 1« acres in crop. corn.
• potatoes, etc. ; 7-roctn house, barn, chlcken-
hooMS, 2 horse*. -2 cow. wiron, harness.
?*TTz'.r.g: tori* orxi nme fruit treee; terms to
. *uit. Ckli on TORE & WISEMAN. 776 Main
¦t.; Petalurra. Cal,
_KE JT3X) PARK REAI. ESTATE.
<2"" fER acre — Two S-sxre and one 4-«cr«
-¦" ¦ i-. ¦ ¦¦ cf K«.ir Oaks; waxer and good
¦ rra<!*: ii»t of tfcls property left: % cash.
* Meijio Hark — A fin-" country home, with
*pier:i2<l car-Jen aad magnificent trees; well
tuct. dfi-CnMONd fccuie in rood condition;
?it ...... at a bargfcln; 15 acres, all improved.
Fair Osl<» — Land in best p*rt of this dls-
tt'.<A; »•*¦:: «h*lter«"d arid wood«ti: In tracts of
?*t.ra 4 to 25 acres; ep«c4a! terms to tb.es*
bulfji-g ..-r.rrediately
SELFY. nOIXTERP A CO..
. •?f'T t -«~— V>lr BTTv lid California rt.
EA3T aCATEO REAI. ESTATE.
FAN MATEO SAN MATEO
"THE FINEST SUBURBAN RESIDENCE DIS-
TRICT NEAR SAN FRANCISCO.
¦Ri hav« a choice list of excellent residence
rroperUea. vr.n ,,.„ , n(1 acre »ge. Dcn't fall
to see us befere buying. Investigate San
•Mateo Park. The ideal pr-p«rty cf them all.
Lots of about one acre each. Easy term*.
Bound to be mort valuable. 6>e our local
• gept. Frank S. Erummon. San Mateo office
cx>^n Sundays.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Pest st.
LCillTA PARK— On i:ne cr San Mateo electric
tare; 45 rstnutes frcta 8th and Market: sem-er
»n<i water c:pes to each let; electrle. light s.
. etc.: nr>-foot lots from $325 to $400; terms.
•$10 ccmr. and $10 a month; get off at "Locslta
. Park" ana isvesugate; traps sent oa appll-
• catlcn.
EELBT. RODGERS A CO..
Tel. il»!r. C73. 116 Cal'.fcrnta st.
-EZAUTIFVL hcrr-e In B-l=cct. Ean Mateo
Couztv, near station; modern h-xise: large
lot; bam. et-. W. W. GRIFFIN. M«
• Eighteenth ft.. San Frar.cii»co.
EX^EBrrjSST BEAI. ESTATE.
IN ELMHURST.
EAST INSTALLMENTS.
• NEW MODERN ARTISTIC-
$1800— Flve-rcoa cottage.
S16C0 — Fcur-rootn cottage.
SURROUNDINGS DESIRABLE.
CONVENIENT TO HarwarSa electrie ears.
Southern Pacific station, post-
cfSce. stores, churches ard public
school.
STREETS sewere'!. r-.acafiarsixed and oiled.
Current sidewalks, city water,
telephcre and electric lights.
Hcrces bsCt to suit purchasers.
Aiiresf n TV >VT> A. U STONK CO.,
. • WO BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
.-ELMHVF.ST.
; JC50— Easr terr.v. 3-roctn hart-finished cot-
tkge. r.'-'.ui'.ns' 5 lots; all fenced; fine chartre
for a suburban hcrse; only two blocks from
t^v station.
l"7S rucYi — F1n» larte l<-t». sr^od soil, cloee to
fzV.cr. : JFj 4cwn and $5 monthly.
OSCAR HETMAN. 14 Pott »t.
BOSS 7ALLE TB.EAX. ESTATE.
ROSS VALLEY.
K-" : n 5AI_C in s-JtxiivU:>r.»; Oeautlful lots near
Keel station, in 1 to «. acre tracts; wooded
I • i^r: \otw; id<?al builiisg Rites at most
• irtiv* :i£vri>; a grand chance to cbtaia
tKBse in this favorite I">cality.
BOARDMAN BROTHERS & CO.,
1 3b Montgomery street.
"CIST BICB2SO2TD REAI. ESTATE.
4 tjrrrs. theap fcr cash. 3CS Bush £t.. third
" .- r^zn 4.
BEAI. SSTATE TO EXCSA3TOE.
KEAX.TT CXOUVCB COMi-AXY,
r. a. bahr. manager.
SlITE fOZ-ZCS CALL BUILDING.
It i* frequently the case that a party wishes
:o tr'.i fcj* Bo:d:=?s for the purpose of reinvest-
:r.g the nccij«tfs fa a. different kind of property.
Ccr '.z^.z experience In tills business enables
trt :r aftes acccsirliih this double purpose by
rr.ly cne tr»r>a<r:ion. Tb« cnijr condition w»
r *k-* ¦« ti:at your property, if you wish us to
fl ¦; ttd it fcr yea. MUST BE GOOD OF ITS
KIND AND IN A GOOD LOCATION. Don't
•;.*• up cttter our time or your own with
»:r: t ..(s* efferingj. cr property so heavily
BMttgactd as 10 leave no actual eq-uity.
I: :t has t=«rlt. whether you own real estate
cr m. ¦¦¦-...¦:.- cr inanufacturlnjr business.
bring a drfcrijrucr; cf s«n>e to our offlce, rtat-
ins »'hat kir.d of property you prefer in ex-
ebasg*. an4 pea will be surprised bo\r quickly
»t .-4:1 tffect the result.
• THIS IS SIMPLY BECAUSE WE UNDER-
STAND THE EXCHANGE BUSINESS and ar*
lbs c-..t ccrrrauy in Ean Francisco m.h-t.,,. a
cpecis!t>- of t«~e. We maJce to charge for a4-
\eT~.:*'.r.g cr any other purpose unless w« pro-
cure aa erctarse satisfactory u you to ao^
c*Pt
A FIXE Y.-^.t is A'.aaeda in exchange tcr
f". j-tt Box 5074. Call.
SEAL ESTATE VA5TED — CITT.
FM^T'«Vjoti :: ti cr 15 feet, for cottage; cash.
AIA3IEDA ADYERrS'^TS
AT. A VrTZDJL SE AX. ESTATE.
HERE IS A CHANCE FOB EVERTBODT.
GREAT BARGAINS.
«»T WO — ICICB W ATER FRONT COTTAGES
ON CENTRAL AVE.. NEAR STATION;
BARGALVE; LARGE LIST OF REALTY.
GETOTE BARGAINS.
B-recs cstt&ge en Nlsth St., cjtas stallaa*
let 25x120; czlj $1400.
A fiss hoea* on Regest st.. £as gardes; lot
i'rf.Zj; zjtKT Park station.
A beasti*sl hasc; lot 80x110; all modern -
new stable, etc.
TWO BARGAINS.
S-rocm cottage; let 60x123; $1200.
5-roeca cottace\ "-ct 2x150; $1300.
TO9. SALS ON* EAST TERMS.
$30 DOVTN. BALANCE TO SUIT
22 LOTS.
ES: 4x123 TO £5x176.
PART OF SO-CALLED FROMM TRACT
TWO BLOCKS FROM EIXTH-ST. STATIO*N
THTRTT MIN-TJTES FROM SAN FRANCISCO*
HALT BLOCK FTtOM LONGFELLOW
SCHOOL.
FOR EXCHANGE FOR EAN FRANCISCO
REAL ESTATE — A MODERN 7-ROOM
l.OUEE IN BEST LOCALTrT.
APPLT TO A. R. DEXITE,
1400 WEBSTER ST.. ALAAIEDA.
tl60O— SWELL 5-rooa cettage; will surely b-
•ol a this week; tavet-Urate. T
SSSOO — Mciera «-roota cottar* en Paru «t
.Beer Central are.: 60-foot lot; terms
S1300 — Neat cottage of 5 rooms and bath-
will pay 10 per cent net oa Investment- mort-
pafe of $000 caa reisaia.
$2650— Reduced frcm $3000; cae of the swell-
est cottages in tils beautiful city; on Eagle
av«.. rie*r TTi:iow rt.
$6500 — Oa Ean Artonio ave.. near Chestnut
rt. : bous* cf » rocm*; almo«t new; strictly
gatxiern; let 50x150; a charming nctae.
BUILDING LOTS A SPECLAXTT.
HAMMOND & HAMMOND.
The Leading ar«j Reliable Agents
1422 Park «t-
Salesman in offlce to-^ay.
GREAT BARGAIN IN REAL ESTATE.
$1200— Ccttate. 5 rocss; Grand «t.
J1300 — Ccttage. R rooms; Buena Vista ave.
$2500 — Cottage. 6 room*; Lincoln ave.: wtnd-
rs.l!t and tank.
S3000 — House. S roeia*: Bay st.
J3000 — House. 8 rocm«; Alameda ave.
S4."<00 — Hcuse, S rooms; Lafayette st.
?70CXV— JIocw. 10 room*; Central ave.
j^.io — Haute. 10 rocrns: Santa Clara ave
ALSO FINE LINE OF BUILDING LOTS
tS ALL TARTS OF THH CITT.
E. D. JUDD CO..
143* Park rt., Alarae<la. CaL
CHAS. ADAMS & CO.
V-nr ra!». In fR-ell location on Morton St.. 2
2-*tjry hou*e«. gh<* «f a and one of » roorns
and frslh : Weal h«nie» sr<J u^-to-<Ia.t« in
rvrrr particular: loo 4<>xioo tm: fitOOaa-i
f4f"O.
A!*o Cn- <ir.:jr hrtow*, with lease *or
10 vrars; i^orre S2«> j*r day; at $3*00.
CHAS. ADAMS & CO..
BAY FTATION.
ALAMEDA. CAL.
ALAMEDA ADVKRT ? S ? 3TTS
ALAMEDA BEAI. ESTATE.
BARGAINS. BARGAINS. BARGAINS.
IN ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
AVAIL YOURSELF OF THE OPPORTU-
NITY TO PURCHASE A BEAUTIFUL
MODERN HOME BELOW COST.
A modern electrle system assured, which
will double the value of real estate.
PURCHASE A HOME IN THE- PRET-
TIEST AND BEST KEPT CITY IN THE
WORLD.
LOOK OVER OUR BARGAINS.
We guarantee yoa mere for your money
than you possibly can obtain elsewhere.
GET OUR PRICES. INSPECT OUR
HOMKS. TERMS AS EASY AS PAYING
RENT.
$1750 buys 5-room ccttage; large lot; a bar-
sratn.
$2«.iO6 buys rew 5-room modern cottage; a
snap.
$250 buys fine 6-rocm house; lot 33 1-3x159;
splendid value*.
$2500 buys nice modem cottage; all latest
improvements.
$2050 buys modern 6-room cottage; very de-
Firable; cheap.
$3500 buys elegant 7-room bouse; choice loca-
tlon.
$4000 buys 5-room colonial house; must be
seen to be appreciated.
$4500 buys 8-rocm cottage; corner; lot Mx
150; fine location.
$5000 buys S-room hcuse (new); all latest
imprcvements; corner lot.
HOMES AT ALL PRICES.
TERMS TO SUIT.
SEE US
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
1500 PARK ST.. ALAMEDA.
TEL. ALAMEDA 430.
CENTRALLY LOCATEdT
Modern cottage. 6 rooms and bath; lot 23 x
10S; only $1400; easy terms.
A BEAUTIFUL HOME
j On Morton »t.. south of Central; modern 9-
| room, bouse; splendidly built; sanitary plumb-
1 ing. bath, high basement, attic, tankhouse,
I well or city water; lot 50x165; coit owner
' $5000; will sell for $5250.
J. E. HANLET. 1310 Park st.
A BEAUTIFUL water front residence. large
grounds, beautiful garden and private bath-
Ing beach; houss contains 21 large rooms,
with every desirable convenience; also a
large stable, tankhouse and windmill; fine
bathlrg and boating; price $20,000: must be
sold al once; make offer.
SUNSET REALTY CO..
Rocra fl3, Emma Spreckels Building,
927 Market st.
Phone Fclsca 1532.
; a sacrifice: ~~
! $5.200 — Beautiful horn*. 7 rooms, 2-story: mod-
ern; high basement; up-to-date; near
Grand-6t. station; fine lawn and yard:
reduced $200 fcr this week on account of
owner leaving; must be sold; make offer.
HALLY & CO.,
2313 Eanta Clara ave.. near Park st.
OPEN TO-DAY.
SECURE a home at the west end of Alameda
while prices are low and terms easy. The
choice lots are going fast and while people
are buying ccrce and let us show you what
we have to offer. Take the broad-gauge
boat and get off at Ma stick station; only 30
minutes from the city.
HAWKS * MEHRTENE, Seventh aad Rail-
I road ave. Alanuda.
I
' 8-ROOM house on Santa Clara ave. ; $1500.
Nice modern 5-room cottage; nearly new;
! $1S5O.
Corner lot; 68x100: fine location; $S5O.
Two lets on macadamized street; 25-feet
! front each; $800.
GEO. L. LEWIS.
j 1316 Park st.
I ELMER E. JOHNSON.
S-room colonial home, new, $3750.
! 5-room bungalow, new, $2750.
Houses, lots, all trices.
! ELMER E. JOHNSPN, 2333 Santa Clara, ave.
' S-ROOM modern cottage; cor. Pacific ave. and
Benton st.; $1000 less than its value Apply
DR. HALFRUNER. 2S California st., city.
2 to 5 p. m.
r? you want to build, buy or sell property
call on cr address J. H. YOUNG. 1243 Park
St., Alameda.
.' FOR sale — Double-flat hocse. 4 rooms, bath;
pantry each floor; separate entrance; also a
4-room cottage, bath, pantry; rents $38.
2T54 Alame4a ave..- A'trr.Ma: rare bargain.
j BERKELEY ADYERT ; S'STS
j BE»XEItET KCAI. ESTATE.
TWO NEW TRACTS JUST PLACED ON THE
MARKET.
THE HOPKINS TERRACE
in North Berkeley and
THE SANTA FE TRACT
in South Berkeley.
Tbe lots In the HOPKINS TERRACE will
¦ have the sewers and water pipes laid and
! streets macadamized. The present prices will
i include the payment cf said work.
The view U excellent and cars within two
blocks. Send for map of prices and terms.
THE SANTA FE TRACT lies on the route
of ti» "Key Route." and sales are being made
every d«y. Terms can be arranged to suit.
Only a few lots left In THE WHEELER
1 TRACT. Now is the time to buy from the
; original owners. Several fine homes In course
cf construction.
SPECIAL BARGAINS.
$3300— Two houses now rented for $33 60 net.
$3650^ — New home on Walnut St.; 40x135; a.
¦sap.
$5500— A lovelv home near university: new
aad modern; S large rocms; double floor; elegant
fixtures, plumbing; a No. 1 lot, 50x125,
$5750 — Pretty borne on Oxford st.; must be
seen to b* appreciated, or will rent for $45;
year's lease.
Apply W. J. MORTIMER Jb CO..
2123 Center St..
Main entrance to U. C.
$1900— 6-ROOM house; high basement ; on main
street; up-to-date la every rtspect; street
work completed; close to cars.
$2800— Handscme new 5-room ccttage; 3 bay-
windows: ga» In every room; tinted
throughout; street work ccmpltte; lot 40x
130 and 4 feet above street; cloee to Key
Rente aad S. P. station; block from
street cars.
$£S0O — Flee large S-rocm house with basement:
corner lot; street wcrk complete; in heart
ef Lcrio: bandy to all cars; owner's in-
structions are to refuse no reasonable of-
fer.
$4000 — Nearly new 7-room house grand location
south front, lot 50x135: floors covered with
moquette carpets costing $200; fine barn;
rai range and Deasy heater; place eet to
fruit, nice garden; cpen plumbing; elec-
tricity and gas; all in good condition;
S20CO znortr&re can remain.
ANOTHER SACRIFICE.
I have five large beautiful lots within 3
minutes* walk of Key Route and S. P. trains;
all fenced; street work and cement walk;
youcr fruit trees: total frontage 200 feet; as a
whola or in subdivisions: a grand buy.
C. C, EMELIE. the Athby-ave. Real Estate
Dealer. Open Sundays from 12 to 2.
A THOROUGH BARGAIN.
$756— A fine let. large piece cf property, suit-
able for chicken ranch, with a beautiful
Tlew.
AND TET AGAIN.
A beautiful lot; 77 feet frontage by a depth
of 227 feet; only $1500.
AND THEN ANOTHER.
$1750— A lovely 4-rooo cottage, with large lot,
for a cczy little home.
A PRETTY PICTURE,
$7000 — A lovely Swiss ChtleC on a fine corner
let. Just finished, with electric car passing
the house.
$700$— A fine home of 9 rooms, with stable on
lot, 70x135; street work all done; only 2
blocks from Key Rocte ttation.
JOS. J. MASON. Real Estate,
SE. cor. Shartuck ave. and Center St.. Berkeley.
53500— NEW houfe. 8 rooms, absolutely com-
plete; tinting; refrigerator; lawn and sunny;
fine view: near station; biygest barjaln we
$400 — Acre lot almost level.
$1200 — Lot on Oxford «t-, near Rose.
CHESET b BERRY.
Postofflce Block, •
Berkeley Station.
FOR sale — 1 new houses: $2S5O each- $250
. down. $30 monthly Installments.
Don't fall to investigate choice lots in Mc-
Gee Trart; two or three blocks £rora Key route
and S. P. depots, university, library aad high
ftchocl; strtet work all done. Apply for raapi
and term* to
FRANCIS FERRIER
2121 Shatturk ave.. Berkeley station.
$1C5O— NEW 4-roora cottajre: everything mod-
ern: street wcrk complete: $200 cash bal-
ance *20 r*r month.
$2C0C— New «-room ccttage, with bath and
everything complete; $500 cath. balance to
suit purchaser: convenient t» both trains
,- W. C. MORAN. South Berkeley. 1
BERKELEY ADVEBT'S'STS
1 BEBKEI.EY BE Alt ESTATE.
HOLCOMB. BREED & BANCROFT. Inc..
10C0 Broadway, Oakland— Tel. Main H7.
San Francisco Agent, Alex. Mackle.
321 Market st.
SANTA FE TRACTS.
SANTA FE TRACTS.
THE NE"W HOME CENTER, right on th«
KEY, ROUTE and S. P. LOCAL.
Quick trips to and frcm San Francisco.
FIVE-CENT FARE.
I Large lots, 40x135. $600 to $S0O and upward.
— ....!
CLOSE to STATIONS. Mild climate. Flow-
ers all the year. Beautiful view. Street work
all complete at no cost to buyers.
LOTS AND HOMES ON EASY TERMS.
4 §§ll|
V$ \\fitiM A-cr /tout*: ss \ sr.
¦0
2? TO 30 MINUTES TO SAN FRANCISCO:
[ 4 ELECTRIC CAR LINES CROSS OR PASS
i THESE HOME SITES; 12 MINUTES TO
I 14TH ST. AND BROADWAY: 12 MLNUTES
! TO UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA.
Office on the Tract. OPEN EVERY DAT.
From San Francisco take Key route to
Lorin station, 63d et. Notice the tract when
you pass it on the Key route. Send postal
I tor maps, prices and pictures of beautiful
1 homes.
j HOLCOMB, BREED & BANCROFT, Inc..
1060 Broadway. Oakland— Tel. Main 147.
San Francisco Agent. Alex. Mackie,
S21 Market st.
BARGAIN — 5-room cottage, high basement,
brick foundation, bay window, mantel, china,
closet, folding doors; lot 50x135: chicken
hous*«, fruit trees; all fenced and cross
fenced; street work and sidewalks all done:
price, $2350; terms. $150 cash, balance $20
monthly: close to Key mute and S. P. sta-
tions. O. A. RUDOLPH. Lorin Station,
South Berkeley. Open Sundays.
5-ROOM cottage; flower garden, chicken house,
deep well, also city water; all fenced and
cross fented; lot 40x100; convenient to Key
route and S. P. stations; price, $1250; terms,
$150 cash, balance $15 monthly. O. A. RU-
POLPH, Lorin Station, South Berkeley,
Open Sundays.
1 NEW 5-rcom cottage; bath, pantry, mantel,
j china closet, folding doors, city water elec-
I trie fixtures; lot 40x120; cars pass the door;
street work done; price, $2150; terms, $150
cash, balance $20 monthly. O. A. RU-
DOLPH, Lorin Station. South Berkeley.
Open Sundays.
ALBEB b CORYELL.
BARGAINS IN HOUSES AND LOTS.
5-r. cottage. N. Berkeley, cheap ...$1750
5-r. cettaje near Ashby station, bargain.. $2400
6-r. cottage near Ashby station, bargain.. $2600
S-r. ccttage near Berkeley. large lot $2750
7-r. house near Lorin station $3150
6-r. house near Dwight Way station $3500
P-r. hcuse. Grove St.. new $4250
8-r. house, Carleton st., new ....$4250
8-r. hcuse, Parker st., new .....$4500
S-r. house. College ave.. new $5000
9-r. house. Dwight way, new $5500
10-r. hou»«. 1 >urant ave $7500
Many other desirable houses; choice residence
I lots In all i>arts of Berkeley; several Invest-
j ments In good paying business property; houses
i for rtnt. If you wish fire insurance, ste us.
ALB1-:e & CORYELL,
2139 Center st.
LOTS FOR EALE^-LOANS NEGOTIATED.
NEWTON & NEEDHAM.
Houses for sale and insured,
NEWTON & NEEDHAM.
Good Income property for sale,
NEWTON & NEEDHAM.
No. B31 Mllvla *t.. large seven-room house
and barn, new; $4200.
Fine residence lots. $250 and up: $25 to $100
down, balance on easy installments'.
We have a fine residence on Walnut street,
$3750.
NEWTON & NEEDHAM.
2131 Center it.. Berkeley.
A FEW MOMENTS OF YOUR TIME WILL
NOT BE MISSPENT. IF YOU ARE LOOKINO
FOR A HOME OR AN INVESTMENT BY
SEEIMG JTSTER & BAIRD.
$2625 — Dainty 5-room cottage in South Berke-
ley: terms given.
: $3oC0 — New C-room house en Grove st.
! $3750— 6-rcom cottar? near university and
car lines: no better location.
! $4750 — New 7-room house eaet of Telegraph
ave. and one block frcm car line
JISTER & BAIRD. 2137 Shattuck ave.
HOPKINS TERRACE.
The choicest buy In Alameda County: «lt-
< uated on the hills overlooking the bay: within
one block of the electric cars and only 1000
feet from the Southern Pacific station; all
streets sewered, curbed and macadamized; lots
from
$500 to $1200.
JOS. J. MASON. Real Estate.
SE. cor. Shattuck ave. and Center st. Berkeley.
FOR sale — New and nearly new houses fro-n
$1800 to $2O,0CO; lots from $250 to $7000- we
can sell you a desirable lot 3 blocks from
Dwight-way station, slse 40x130, for $7ix>-
will build you a house to suit oa a payment
of $5C0 down, balance monthly; before buy-
lnr, give us a call and let us show you our
extensive list. F. H. LAWTON A CO., 2147
Center st. ¦ •
$1100. $1250. $1*00. $1600. $1700. $1800 and
up: houses all sizes; part cash.
$175, $25£, $350, etc; easy terms for lots.
Renting, collecting. Insurance, notary pub-
lic, etc. .. .»
MURDOCK & CO.. <
Phone Derby 696. South Berkeley (Lorin)
Osen Sundays.
FINE, sightly, northeast corner, 200x160 ft •
street work done: on Cedar St.. 6 block's
from North Berkeley station; only $2u00
Write us for free mao of Berkeley, with
street directory.
W. R, ELLIS & CO..
215O Shattuck ave.
Phone North 82.
$C50— FINE lot, 44x135; on Woolcey St., near
Telegraph ave. ; for a few days only
To Rent in Berkeley.
House of 7 rooms;»on Wheeler st. ; $27 50
House of 7 rooms: on Louisa st. : $25.
House of « rooms; on Blake St.; $20.
LITTLE & WOOLSEY. 2110 Shattuck ave
Berkeley, CaL
THE choice lots are being secured for homes in
Berkeley, but there are a few that are almost
a* good for a good deal less money, leaving
a good margin to put Into a hcuse — either to
build it larger or more beautiful. Call or
•write for information to PHILO MILLS, 2107
Shattuck ave. *
A BEAUTIFUL HOME OF 8 ROOMS: HOUSE
FOR HELP AND BARN: CENTRAL LOC K-
TION: MODERN IN EVERY RESPECT-
PRICE $8000; EASY TERMS. CENTRAL
REAL ESTATE COMPANY. *^7v
FIIUITYALE ADVERT ? S ? TS
rKPTTVAI.E jaSAIi ESTATE.
FOR sale — $2750; It cost $3750; rents for' $20
per month: 2 cottages on lot. 40x150. Andy
to S. S. AUSTIN. 1101 Twenty-third ave.
Eaat Oakland..
FEUITVALE ADVEKTS'TS
j rB\7ITVAI.E BEAI. ESTATE. *
! KLROD & HULL.
! No. 44—5350 — Chicken ranch tor sale: chickens.
Incubators, chicken houses, brooders, wire
fencing and everything required for run-
ning tha busin'.ss; fur rent, 5-room house
; and 3 acres of ground at $15 per month.
, No. 22— 8600— Chicken ranch; 400 chickens; .
7 chicken hou*es; fencing; horse, wagon, cart. \
harness and tools of every kind; this is on
8 acres of land, mostly covered with fruit,
which can be Uased tor 3 years at $15 per
month.
No. 14— $1650— A new 4-room house, with
bath, pantry, city water, connected with mala
eewer: 3 blocks from car line and school; cor-
¦ ner lot &&rl40: $250 cash, balance same as
> rent: don't fail to see this; good chance to buy
I a home.
No. 21 — $3000 — A house of 5 large rooms;
, high basement; bath, pantry, city water, barn,
1 chicken houses and yards; fine vegetable gar-
| den; fruit and berries: lot 100x175; clcse^to
school and car line.
I LOTS LOTS LOTS LOTS
1 Fin- bulldinir lots located on Fruitvale ave..
: over 400 feet deep; all covered with full bear-
! ing fruit.
} No. 15— $2S00— A 7-room house, nearly new.
} with bath, oantrj'. city water, main sewer |
! connection; eUctrlc car line passes house; |
1 lot 50x20«: abundance of fruit and berries in
i full bearing; dcn't fail to see this place; it
will please you.
No. 7— $5500— A 5-room house with bath,
pantry, hot and cold water; fine barn; wind-
mill and tank; 2 chicken houses and runs;
1 acr* of full bearing fruit: 3 acres of fine j
vegetable land; this Is a fine country home; j
located 4 blocks from Haywanls car line, and '
en a good street: come and we will be pleased !
to show you this nice home. ;
' No. S— S75C0 — A fin^ house or 0 large rooms; I
j rood barn; city water; all kinds of full bearing '
fruit trees; flowers -in abundance: large palms i
in front yard; lot 200x250: this place is located
I in ths fc*«t part of Fruttvale. !
: No. 14 — $4000— A good paying grocery busi-
I ness: running and doing a good business; this j
price includes property, grocery stock, trade,
horse and bugsy, cow and furniture In house. \
ELROD & HULL. 1310 Fruitvale Ave.. IV, I
blocks from station. Send for printed lists and
maps of "Fruitvale and Vicinity." Phone
Brook 1651.
H. BARKMEYER.
1206 Fruitvale ave., Fruitvale Station. Cal.
$450 — Small house of 2 rooms; summer kitch-
en: good well and pump; stable; lot 50x
100; situated 2 blocks from graded school
and 3 blocks from electric car line.
$650 — Good substantial cottage of 4 rooms:
lot 45xlC2: extra fine dug well. 30 feet !
deep; convenient to school; hisrh elevation, j
$S5O— House of 3 rooms; lot 75x256; all fenced; J
good well and pump: 4 blocks from electric
car line; terms, 5100 cash, balance $9 per
month.
$1250 — New cottage of 4 rooms; hard finished;
pantry, closets, etc. ; good well and pomp I
on back porch: lot 50x300; fronting on 2 •
streets; 3 blocks from car line: terms If
detlred.
¦ $1600 — Cozy cottage of 4 rooms and bath, all
modem: high basement; lot 60x110; high
elevation; convenient to fine school; terms,
$350 cash. bal. $12 per month or more.
$1S75 — Modern cottage of 5 rooms bath, large
pantry, closets, etc.; high basement; lot
50x135; nice flowers and fruit trees; barn
and buggy ehed, driveway, etc.; near car
line; in walking distance to loeal trains;
worth investigating.
$1300 — Elegant cottage of 6 large rooms and
bath, all modern; high basement; extra
well built; lot 50x122. with alley in reai;
5 short blocks from Fruitvale station.
$5500— Modern cottage of 5 large rooms and
bath: all the latest improvements: attic
all floored: 4 acres of choice land In bear-
ing orchard: 2-story barn carriage-house
and stable; extra irood well, windmill and
tank; this !e an elegant home and must
I be seen to be appreciated.
See there before buying elsewhere; they are
bargains. For particulars apply to
. - H. BARKMEYER.
J Near Fruitvale station. Cal.
i CHAS F. LEE. Phone Vale 29«.
Office one-half block from Frutu-ale station.
$1250— Nice cottace of 4 rooms: fine well of
good water; property all set out In small fruits
and young trses; graveled walks; fine place for
chicken ranch or pigeon ranch; lot 100x245;
only $400 cash required; balance $10 per month
$300 c»sh — Modern 6-room house, bath!
pantry: el- start art mantel, gas; abundance of
berry vines of all kinds. 15 fruit trees In bear-
Ing; traveled walks; chicken house and yard;
nicely finished: one-half block to street cars;
school and loeal train within four minutes'
walk; street work all done; sewered; nice side-
walk: lot 62:«xl30; monthly payments $20;
price, all told. $2300.
$75 lots In the beautiful Rosa Lee Tract:
fine soil: grand view; new homes rapidly going
up: no cold winds or wet fogs, and lots only $73
each; $5 down, balance ?2 60 per month.
CHAS. F. LEE. 1222 Fruitvale ave.
~~ SPECIAL " ~~
FOR THIRTY DAYS. ' •
UNDA TAP-K. LINDA PARK, LINDA PARK
The terminus of 5-cent fare. Hay wards cars';
streets graded and graveled; stone sidewalks;
' depot on tract: lots from $50 to $200; $20 cash
and balance $10 per month; 15 blocks to local
train: t-aut located property on San Leandro
road: graded school on tract. Apply to S. 2s.
AUSTIN. 1101 Twenty-third ave.. Oakland.
FOR sale — A fine lot, 50x135; Qulgley Tract,
Fruitvale. Room 30. 921 Broadway, Oakland.
j rBUITVALE HOPBES TO LET.
FRUITVALE — Acre of land In fruit; house-
barn: 1 hour's ride from S.F., 1228 Jackson, SF
OAKLAND ADVERT ? S ? M ? TS
O~/ICE. 1016 BROADWAY.
OAKLAITD BEAL ESTATE.
E. J. STEWART & CO..
IOCS BROADWAY, OAKLAND.
$3500 — Sacrifice. Beautiful 9-room hotjs*. dou-
ble parlors, dlntng-room, library, large re- 1
ception hall. Has all the modern improve- |
ments. Southeast corner; lot 50xl0U (note |
size); beautiful clovered lawn with shade
and palm trues; large barn, brick founda- I
tions. The Improvements alone cannot be J
duplicated fcr <400O. . Owner going north |
and Is making this sacrifice to effect quick
sale. Call at office and see photograph.
Brand new colonial home of 6 large rooms
with electric and gas lighting; modern open
plumbing; porcelain bath and zinc; lot 36xlOO;
elevated a couple of ftet above street grade,
on the north *iUe; street work all done; cement
walks In front and around the house; nice open
lawn. In choicest neighborhood In Oakland;
all new snrroundlnrn; handy to school, church
and curs. Call and see this place. Can be
bought cheap. 1
$2500 — We are offering the swellest and mesf
homelike little cottage of 5 rooma in Oak-
land. Klesantly tinted and artistically
frescoed; ha» all the most modern con-
veniences and Is a pickup at this figure.
Situate tn the Piedmont Hills and can be
bcuslu tn easy terms.
$2CC0 — Nice 5-room cottage; 5 larse rooms.
bnth. high basement: lot 40x128 feet; fruit
trees, berry bushes, flowers, lawn; within
a block of Key route or street car; must
be seen to be appreciated.
$1400— Unimproved let. 50x110, en 31st street, [
near Grove.
E. J. STEWART Jk CO..
• 1GC3 BROADWAY,
OAKLAND. CAL.
GOLD MINES IN OAKLAND.
There Is money to be made now in
Oakland real estate if you buy in a growin?
locality; here are a few choice bargains from
our Ioks list. You can buy any one of lhase |
and turn It over at a big profit: 1
New 0-room house on <?ollet;p ave.; elegant
griunds; villa lot. 11*0x350; $35tW.
New 7-room bungalow. Uerkeley; modern:
la«n tennis court; orchard; garden; 123x130;
$tcoo.
New flats, 6 and « rooms, on Eljhth st. ; ;
$5o00. ' '•
Five-room cottage on Clareraont ave.: SOx j
150; barn: fruit and flowers: <27OO. •
$*55oo will buy a large nne location for manu- J
facturing purposes on Flr«t st., with shipping 1
facilities by rail and" water; fronting on three
W?V* HARLOW & CO.. Real Estate and I
Insurance. »50 Broadway. Oakland. Cal. •
*4U>o — REDUCED from $5500; n e w colonial j
house of 7 rooms, bath, two mantels, :
paneled dining-room; sideboard and china
closet built • In place; open and nickel '
plumbing: combination gas fixtures; lot
43 feet frontace: house can be leaded for
$45 per month for three years; owner in
St. Louis and must sell: only four blocks,
from business center, poztoffice and nar-
row-gauge station; best neighborhood In '
Oakland, between Broadway and Lake
Merritt. This (• positively an elegant
hcrac and a bargain.
J. S. MYERS,
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
$1200 WILL buy a pood, extra well built house
of 0 roorns ar.d bath: 9-foot basement: lot
CSxlM). enmer; en car Uim. within 5 minutes'
walk of si local station: house not new, but 1
built by owner for iu>me.
J. H. MacDONALD & CO..
1052 BROADWAY.
SPECIAL BARGAIN. •
$5000— A fine new 10-room house in a fine
location In Oakland: must be sold this week on
account of mortgage. Box 12SS, Call offlce. 1
Oakland CaL . ¦ , .. . I
OAKLAND ADYEBT ? S ? 3I ? TS
¦ HAHt.tM) KMI KM'ATK.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
460-462 EIGHTH ST.
OAKLAND.
$12,500 — Special bargain; fine 12-rocm
house; furnace; stable; 97x150; 3 blocks to
banking center; $SO0O bank loan forcing sale.
$10, COO— Cost $18, SCO. Elegant 12-roorn
comer; 70x115; superbly appointed: abso-
lutely finest residence west cf Broadway.
BANK FORECLOSURE SALE.
$7500 — Formerly loaned $10.COO; good
building; 10 rooms; extra choice lot. 150x
140, overlooking Lake Merritt; walking dis-
tance to Broadway; near San Francisco
transportation: map; easy terms.
$»>500 — Near Senator Perkins' mansion;
strikingly original design; specially con-
structed home; S rooms; magnificent ter-
raced let. 50x125; grand view.
$2250 — Extra choice new colonial: 8 rooms;
40xlCO: $3400 loan; must be sold this week;
near 27th and Telegraph.
$4250 — Impcwtnj; residence; $ rooms: 5 min-
utes' walk to Broadway; rent $35; 15 min-
ute local service to San Francisco.
$4500 — Fine 2-story: 8 rooms; 2 toilets;
up to date; near 27th and Telegraph.
$4000 — Pair modern flats; 5 rooms each:
will pay 12 per cent; {2500 mortgage forcing
sale; north of 14th; 6 minutes' walk to
City Hall.
$.1850 — Cost $6200: fine 2-story; 8 rooms:
extra well built; 50x140; non-resident and
must sell: choicest section: warm belt; snap.
$3550— -t acres: near Oakland; fronts elec-
tric cars; new Key route: direct service to
S. F. ; will treble its value; store and 5-
room flat; insured $2500: mortgage $2100;
subdivides into 36 lets; genuine pick up for
right party.
$2700 — Modern cottage: 5 rooms and bath;
basement; 4 blocks to Oakland postoffi:e.
$1650 — New cottage. 4 and bath; one block
to Key route station: $250 cash.
$1000— Cottage 4 rooms; 37:6x133; near Tel-
egraph ave. and power house.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
4C0-462 EIGHTH ST..
OAKLAND.
CAPITALISTS. ATTENTION.
NE COR. SAN PABLO AVE. AND EIGHT-
EENTH ST.
We have, after much negotiating, an exclu-
sive authorization to sell the above fine business
lot, the only unimproved corner inside of
Twentieth st. on San Pablo ave., the coming
Market street of Oakland; business all around
It; opposite 4-stcry hotel; one block between
this and the new blocks of A. A. Moore, the
well-known attorney, and Capitalist George W.
McNear's new block Just finished; Just north
of Banker Hanshaw's famous deal; 3 blocks
ct Capitalist Henry Butter's new block, built
4 months ago, and now being torn down and
made larger en account of Increased business;
San Pablo ave. la the street; ask any one;
ask the business people on the street: walk
down the street and see for yourself; and when
*uch well-known financiers put their money
here there is no element of chance in this
investment; the price is $200 per foot below
adjoining 1 values and nothing for sale.
INVESTIGATE AT ONCE
BUY WHILE YOU CAN GET IT
EXCLUSIVE SALES AGENTS
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
460 and 462 Eighth st., Oakland.
TAYLOR BROS. & CO..
Real Estate. Insurance and Financial Agents,
Phone Cedar S51.
1236 Broadway. Oakland, CaL
A SELECT HOME.
$2750 — Buys a handsome aad nobby home In
Vernon Heights, near Senator Perkins'
home; elevation bieh and very sightly:
there are 6 large, commodious rooms, all
modern in style; nice lot 50x100 feet:
nice wide cement walk; don't hesitate to
look at this, for It is certainly a good
'investment if not wanted for a hr>me.
A FINE BUSINESS CORNER.
I3T5O — For an elegant corner in the center of
town, 50x75 feet, .Improved in a fair way
and is paying 6 per cent interest on
$4000; do net let this opportunity pa^s,
as it Is Impossible to buy anything in
this locality for less than $125 per foot:
our assertion can be verified when you
see this property.
VACANT LOTS.
We have a lot 25x100 feet on 22d street,
close to two car lines, that can b* had for
$12 50 per "front foot: no other property In
this vicinity can be had for less than $20 per
front foot.
We have one choice lot In Boulevard
Heights, which we are offering at S10 per
foot less than adjolnlnz property; we also
hare several very choice residence lots on
Athol, Lester and Watson avenues, street
work and sidewalks complete, and on terms
If desired. If you are in the market do not
fail to call on us. as we always have free
conveyances at your command; nothing but
snaps in our ads.
TAYLOR BROS. & CO.
S. M. DODGE £ SON.
1160 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
$4S0— Delightful location for home; 30x100.
$200— Cheap lot, but a bargain; 60x120.
$1100 — Sunny corner, near Key route; 40x125.
J125O— A blsser lot, but no better; 50x125.
$1700— Beautiful, central Piedmont lot; 45x133.
$3500 — The. best in Linda Vista Terrace; 70x125.
A doxen other fine lots at LAST YEAR'S
PRICES, belonging to an estate now clcsins
out. Send for list and plat with prices.
EASY TERMS ON THESE HOMES IF YOU
WISH.
$25*0 — New 6-room cottage; delightful home.
$2750— Eight-room house, wcrth $3000; near. 2
car lines and 5 blocks from Key Route
station.
$1750— A bargain near school and car lines and
rot far frcm business; 6-room cottage on
lot 72x275. with fruit trees, etc.; will
make fcur lots later.
$6500— Substantial and comfortable, well built
house, 10 rooms and bath; lot 60x120;
near local station. SEE THIS.
$9200 — Beautiful home In Linda Vista: 10
rooms and more; lot, 70x125. costs noth-
ing; you pay for the house cnly.
S. M. DODGE & SON.
1160 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
INVEST NOW— REMEMBER THAT OAK-
LAND IS GROWING VERY RAPIDLY:
POP. NOW F8TIMATKD OVER lOrtnno;
our p. o. bus. shows wonderful
1ncreask: investigate this in-
vkstment: income nearly 13 per
«;knt: prick ?:~">oo: three tene-
ments. IN FIRST-CLASS ORDER; VERY
SUNNY: NEAR LOCAL TRAIN; OWNER
LEAVING TOWN.
HARRY L. HALCOMB,
314 SAN PABLO AVE..
O\KLA\D
LAKESIDE DISTRICT! ~
Elegant, massive house of 14 rooms, thr?*
baths, all modern plumbing; billiard and
btnotutg rooms; hail and parlors tinisbed in
curly redwood: steam heated throughout:
large attic with stage and dance hall; cement
basement: washroom and wine cellar: corner
lot. li«>xl5O. overlooking Lake Merritt; aur-
roond*«1 by the beautiful home* of A. Schil-
ling. Francis Cutting. T. A. Crellin and Hon.
Victor H. Metcalf: price $14.CC0; cost
JKJO.WO; sreat sacrifice.
GEO. W. AUSTIN.
1002 Broadway. Oakland, • Cal.
$25CO— COTTAGE of 6 rocms, bath and high
basement: stone sidewalks; cloee to school
and 3-minut* walk to City Hall. GEO. W.
AUSTIN. 1CC2 Broadway. Oakland.
THESE ARE SNAPS!!
(1 5(X> — House of nine rooms In two flats;. lot
24x100: nine blocks from City Hall.
$3,450 — Two new flats of five rooms <ach; cor-
ner lot. wOxOU: all street work done;
.rent $40 per month.
$l,7C0 — Cottage of five rooms and bath and
tubs: lot 23xOO; rent $17 p«r month.
«¦> 000 — Two-story house of six rooms and bath;
lot 40x116: all street work done: one
"block to new Key Route; easy terms.
HUGH CAMERON,
105S Broadway, Oakland.
OAKLAND REALTY CO.. ~
SXiS BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
$2 C50— New 5-rocm house and bath; lot 42x
100; cne block to Piedmont are. and
Key Koute.
$2,200 — New 5-room' house and bath; lot 37%x
IDS; two blocks to Key Route and Pied-
mont av». , • .
$3,000— *-rocm house; lanre lot; Thirty-fifth st.
$5 20O— Fine residence. ¦ 10 rooms, all Improve-
ments: lot 46%xl25; Thlrty.fourth st.
$1 7C0— 5-roorn cottage and 3',4 acres fine land
hear Richmond.
POINT RICHMOND PROPERTIES A SPE-
CIALTY.
$2000— Six-rocm cottage, near Cllntcn station;
large lot; easy terms.
$2700 — Modern well-built • 6- room house, near
Key Route, off Telegraph ave.
$1700 — Nice • ft-room cottage; Thirty-ninth St..
near Telegraph ave.
F. F. PORTER.
4CG Eighth st.. Oakland.
$2600— HODSE. 6 rooms and bath; lot 33:4x101;
tank and windmill. 1018 Twenty-fourth St..
Oakland. CaL
OAKLAND ADTEBT ? S ? X ? TS
{ O.4JCLA5D REAL ESTATE.
; CHOICE BARGAINS
r FOR SALE BY
1 REALTY, BONDS AND FINANCE CO..
1172 BROADWAY.' OAKLAND.
1
sesoo.
Very fine suburban home, between Oakland
j and Berkeley: very fine location: lot 120x300:
, fine large modern house of 10 rooms, barn and
1 all outbuildings: lawns, flowers, fruit, etc.;
j place reduced from $10,000 for quick sale.
¦ SUBURBAN HOME SITES.
CHOICEST IN OR ABOUT OAKLAND. j
$2500 PER ACRE.
, LOCATION THE VERY BEST. j
1 zzz ;
$150 PER FRONT FOOT. I
The best buy in Oakland: Broadway frcnt- I
! age; right in the line of present growth: 10O .
: per cent cheaper than any other property In
tr.U location.
: HANDSOME HOME. j
$15,000. . i
Piedmont district; close to car line; one of j
, Oakland's finest homes; house contains 10
¦ rooms, attic, basement aad every modern con-
! venlence; large lot; view can never be cut eft;
i this srice is far below cost-
' $60 PER FRONT FOOT.
One of the best corners between Broadway |
! and Market st. ; Just the place for flats cr f
residence; this is $100 per foot property, but
must be sold at once.
CHOICE COTTAGES.
We have four of the best cottage homes in ;
Oakland; ranging from $2000 to $3C*O: easy
terms can be arranged If desired; close to Key j
MANY OTHER GOOD BUYS.
REALTY. BONDS AND FINANCE CO..
1172 Broadway. Oakland.
> -
I ALDEN REALTY CO..
; 8184 TELEGRAPH AVE.. OAKLAND.
; TELEPHONE BLACK 0*31.
; $175 — 5 lots. 25x100; Telegraph, near Alca-
| traz; sewered.
; $950— Lot 73x304: street wcrk. sidewalk. ;
', sewer complete; select neighborhood; close to •
¦ car.
¦ $1250 — t-room cottage: bath; close to Key |
j route; a ban air.. «*
$1700 — 6-rocm house: fruit trees, garden,
etc.; lot 50x150; easy terms; must be sold.
_____
BARGAIN — $500 cash, balance $30 month; « I
r. and b.; laundry, pantry, electric lights; j
gas for cooking; lot 40x140; close to Key |
route station: see the place and you will
want it. Owner. S24 Thirty-eighth st.
== I
MUST BE SOLD "WITHIN THREE DAYS. I
i A beautiful, sightly let with a frontage on j
t Oakland avenue of 250 feet, and a depth
! of 52 feet on Falrvlew avenue, 'and 82 f.et i
j on Sunnyside. This lot must be so^l lm- (
mediately. Price *.10CQ. This is less money |
than has been loaned en the property.
HUGH M. CAMERON,
105S Broadway.
!
) $650 CASH. $10 monthly; cottage of 4 rooms;
> well, chicken-house, shed; fe lots. 100tx245:
all fenced; young fruit trees; ground 1 tn cul-
tivation; fine chicken ranch; lovely eite;
sandy loam soil; school and electric cars near
¦ by; new homes going up right along; fine ma-
1 rlne and landscape view; no fegs nor winds
here; adjoining East Oakland; price In all
$1375: call or send for circular. 455 Seventh
St.. opposite Broadway station Oakland. Car-
riage free. H. Z. JONES. Land owner.
! $3750— MODERN 9-rocm residence: 3 blocks
from Broadwar and Elchth St.; good for
sub-renting rooms, etc. THE ALDEN CO..
1233 Broadway.
I ; __-_
' $4500— FLATS right In town; 5 and 6 rooms:
rents $47 50 month, a barsraln. By THE
f ALDEN CO., 1203 Broadway.
1 $5000 — MODERN house; S large rooms and re-
I ception hall; handsomely decorated; heated
by furnace; cement basement; lot 40x100;
lawn, flower garden, etc; sell with or witb-
1 out furniture: owner leaving city. O. .A.
! LANE, 6S5 Thirty-third st.. Oakland.
$2200— A SNAP: 5 rooms and b»Uh: lot 40x150;
2 rooms finished in basement: good barn; fine
location. 11S7 E. Twenty-second st. East
Oakland.
! 12200— ATTRACTIVE ccttage. 5 r. and b. ;
basement, gas. lawn, fruit trees; 40x120;
j near Telegraph ave. and Key route. 5S7 36th.
¦' BERKELEY-OAKLAND property, rural homes
or ranches. Address 875 37th st.. Oakland.
OAKLAJTD HOUSES TO SET.
FLATS FOR RENT.
ONLY TWO LEFT of those large fine sunny
I five-room urper fiats on 22d St.. east of Web-
; ster. Lakeside district; paneled dining-room.
j large parlor with library nook; separate en-
: trance, same as if you were In a cottage; rent i
: $27 50: charming view over Lake Merrltt: close
! to cars: short distance frcm narrow gaugre
I depot.
: ALSO
Oooci modern fiat of five rooms at 7<X 25th St.:
, nice sunny rocms: will rent for $22 50.
JAS. 3. NAISMITH, 534 Thirteenth st.
• FURNISHED, for rtnt— Lakeside district; one
! of the choice homes of Oakland; 14 rooms:
elegantly appointed: beautiful grounds; wi:i ,
lease for one yea* at $150 per month, Includ- j
Ins services of gardener: water to be pai-J I
by tenant; this is an unusual opportunity; j
beat references required.
I Apply tt the E. P. VANDERCOOK CO.. !
j 101S Broadway, Oakland.
! FOR rent — Poultry ranch cf 5 acres, situated on |
' ColUge ave.. midway between Oakland and (
Berkeley: modern 7-room house and gco<2 |
barn; reasonable rent to right parties. B. H.
WELCH & CO.. Fifth ave. and Eighteenth j
St., East Oakland. j
$27 60— Choice flat of 10 rooms, laundry and I
bath; corner location on 5th avenue, close to ,
Key route: good location for boarders or t
roomers. B. H. WELCH & CO.. Fifth ave. |
and Eighteenth St.. East Oakland. ' I
j FOR rent — Anr. 15. modern upper fiat of 5 i
I rooms; rent ¥15. East Eighteenth St., near :
! Tenth ave.. East Oakland.
! BUKINS Van and Storage Co., furniture |
movers; free map. lOlrt Broadway. Oakland. I
' OAELAHS ROOMS tt BOARD WASTED
; I
; MOTHER and son wish permanent room and j
board In private family. Address box SC67.
1 Call offlce.
oaktjAud TTTKxrxssjm books.
FURNISHED rooms with or without board. 0C9
Alice «..* Oakland.
I ¦ 1
ROOMS to rent. 571 Tenth at.
OAKLAND TXTBJSrtTXTSJS POS T^TjTi
TO-MORROW the day for bargains la rural-
* tare. H. Schellhaas.llth st..cor.atore.Oaklasd.
HILL VALLEY ADV'BT'S'M'TS {
MXXiTj VALLEY SEAL ESTATE. !
\ A CHOICE site for a home? We have- it. It !
inBjit be in one of the suburbs? ., V« caa 1
put you on the most attractive property in j
beautiful Mill Vai>y. Can't stand a hisrh
prtce? Take your choice of lots from $4ut f
to $900. Haw about the tern:* of sale? j
Easy; 10 per cent cash and $10 monthly. I
! That's easier than saving It. What special 1
. advantages in Mill Valley? Many. Here !
are a few: Soft, equable climate, free from
fogs. Lovely, well-wooded sites. Incom-
parable panoramic view of the bay, moun-
tains and clustering suburbs- Pure moun-
tain water, a tonic in Itself; 45-mlnute con-
nection with San Francisco by electric ear {
and «rwlft ferry. Perfect sewage system. J
Fine schools. Good neighbors. Restful quiet '
after the city's distractions. You'll look at
. them to-day? We'll see you on the Sausa-
. llto boat this mornln; or at the Mill Valley
station, just at the right of which the lots
He, if you come. later. We are there all day !
Sunday. Who la handling the property'
_ LYON & HOAG. lit; Montgomery st.
San Francisco Advertisings.
TYFBVBITEBS ASS SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally socd No. Z Remington. NoT'i
Smith Premier,. $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50. Tba
Typewriter Exchange, 130 California st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, tented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec Co., 508 Market.
_ _ MATSIJSOaXAZi.
A GENTLEMAN. S3 years old. with some
means and a good position, would like to
meet a wcmar.ly woman, one that would
make a kind and loving wife; object matrt-
mony. BoxJ^^jgai office.
A RESPECTABLE, icD-r widower age 30. no
children owning small home and brutaes*,
would like to correspond with a young widow
or working girl; object matrimony. Address
box 334S. Call cfflce.
A GENTLEMAN, merchant tn Northern CajH
fcrnia. S2 years old. would like to corres-
pond with a young lady of a congenial dis-
positlon; object matrimony. Bo-x 'SOS. Call.
A MIDDLE-AGED (American) widower sni
business man. I with some means, wishes to
me*t lady without lncumbrance; object
_matrlmony. Box 3470, C*U offlce.
MIDDLE-AGED gentleman, business man.
¦with means and agreeable disposition, wishes
to meet lady of business experience; object
matrimony. Eox 107S, Call cfflce.
A LADY, 33. would like to correspond with
some man who wculd like a good home; ob-
Ject matrtmeny. Box 3«S. Call cfflce.
GENTLEMAN r.f 27 wishes to make the ae-
qua^r.tance of r«fined lady; object matrimony.
Address box S57, Call cfflce.
YOUNG man, 25. desires aoquairflance of
young lady; objact matrimony. Bex 13*3,
Call offlce.
GET married; Join the Leap Tear Club; no list;
no publicity. Particulars. P. O. bcx 2004. S.r.
MATTg3:S3S3 A2TD PIU.OW3.
TO order;rer.ovat?.l. disinfected » formaldehyde
process*; excellent carpet cleaning. HOTKU
BROS.. l'.sa-3t Howard st. ; phone South 21*.
mwes Airo Mnrrwp.
HEADQUARTHRS for Tor.opah stccks. K9- 5«
CrowUey biqg-.. Ptciflc States Min. It InT. Co.
» MEDICAL.
LADIES Uesiring safe, sure and quick relief
from irregularities consult me; my methods
'-re palnlesa and reliable: nc failures: no ex.
orbitar.t rees. CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE: IT years' experience in all fe-
male disorders; call or write. DR. WHITE,
702 Market »t.. rccma 7 and 3.
LADIES — If you are in troubK confide in me.
Rel>f fcr lrregularitle». Help lor the un-
fcrtusa:*. My time t» d^v&t»U exclusively to
these cor..ltticn». I'm the only ORAUVATB
ihysiclan her* who can say th!j. Call or
wnte. Ccnndenttal. fUt. U yrs DR. K. H.
WESTON. o:fl« SC3 KEARNY ST.
MRS. DR. WYETH. apeciallst for all femsle
complaints an.l . irrejru!ariti?»: tn.«t*nt reitef
guaranteed; ZO years' experience. 92U Post it.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliabl-iipeciarlst fcr all fV
male troubles and irr«gularlt!ea: instant r»-
lief guaranteed. ll,T.!*4 Market St.. opp. 5th.
VALPEAU'S f»m«l» pills: best regulating pills
sold: price $2 5O by expres*. Pasteur's syr-
inge and tablets: price »3. By expre»i only
en receipt of price. C3GOOD BROTHERS,
wholesale druggists. Seventh and Broadway.
Oakland.
DR. G. W O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
In trouble consult thl» specialist en feroal*
complaint*; positively corrected; the unforva-
nate helped; the mest dimcuit case* treated;
advice free. Offlce 101S Market «t.
MRS. DR. GWYER. .V.1A Leavenworth sL. be-
tween Geary and C'Farrell.
DR. and MRS. DAVIE3 and HINDOO 'hERBsI
original method of treatment. 112'j Market.
LADIES — Kumround: safe, sure, rcver falls;
?;. Gleascn-Rugr'.es Drug Co., Kearry A c:ay.
DR. ROSEN resides 2003 Fclartn *t., corner
26th; ladiea. relief or no f»e; $10.
1USCELLA5EOUS JOS *t * T-~V
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; gee Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 13l»-l::2 Beal* »t.
EOILERS. engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN*.
TO6H & WOLPMAN, li*5-ll»7 Fremont »t.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair, it with elaterlte, in rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating: gtx>d over ol<i
iron, tin or shingles: best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market »t.
A — BUYS, sells or rents year machinery, en-
gines., bcilers. warer pipe, shafting, pulleys.
'etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
A— MILES of pipe and fittings of every sty!*,
size and nature In quantities to suit EU-
GENE RILEY & SONS. ICO Vallejo st.
PIGEON3 — Homers. $8 do*. : Runts. S3 pair;
Maltese. $4 50; Creases. (1 30. Box S347.
Call offlce.
FOR sale— Two nice ycung Durham cows;
fresh, rich rallk. Address J. JACOB3.
San Carlos.
DIAMONDS and Jewelry on small weekly or
monthly payments. DEREMER'S, 137 Mont-
gomery st.. room 12. upatalrs.
GENTS" fall dress. Prince Albert and Tuxedo
inlts to rent at UCHTEN3TEIN BR03.. 24
Stockton st.
DIAMONDS, watches and jewelry for sal* en
rmall weekly payments. United Loaa and
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton st.
J. COOPER. gent3" full-dress rental parlors,
moved from Palace Hotel to Zl Stockton it.
upstairs.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 SO; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
ENGINE and boiler on wheels; six horsepow-
er; good as new; very cheap. 1504 Seventh
st.. Oakland.
CLECKENSDERFER typewriter aad Dia-
phragm mineograph; good as new. Box
309O, Call offlce.
FINE ca.«h register for sale at a bargain: caa
be bought on easy terms. OSCAR HET-
MAN, 1* PCSt Bt.
FINE miniature s!ocp yacht for sal9 or ex-
change. 405 Montgomery st.. room 9.
COLLIE pup. female: pedigree; $7 SO. 403
Montgomery St., room 9.
fC — SINGER sewin* machlna for sale; la nic«
ccndlticn. 60S Ellis st.
FOR Sale — Oil barrels, drums and tanks. GEO.
PARTRIDGE & CO.. 123 California St.
FOR sale — Lar?e ifcve for « pans: apply morn-
ings or evenings. 1113 Sutter at. downstair*.
ANGORA cat with 5 kUter.s, 1 moAth old.
$7 60. 440 Linden ave.
FIRE wood for tale at 1C20 Oak St.. Oakland.
VIA VI capsules and cerate: your owd price.
3653 Eishteenth st-
COLUMBIA talking ma~hine. with 23 cUtes.
for *43. Rox 2DC0. Call cfflce.
WINE pres<«. grape stripper and crusher,
cheap. CCO" Fulton st.
FOR sale — Oak roll top desk: 32 drawer cak
Shannon flle. Box 2012. Call office.
NDE. 254 — For sale; ycunff canary birds; good
lingers.
ENGINEER'S transit for sale, cheap. A. B.
CONE. 411 Market st.
2D-HAND bulid's material. luTnbeT.dcora.sasij.
plumb, material. The Dolan Co.. lt»7 Market.
BEAUTIFUL thoroughbred English spar.t-l
pups. 5 w. old: $7 50 A $10. 2137 H Mission tt.
FOR sule — 1C0.CC0 old bricks. Corner Asnle and
Jessie St.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. 807 Mission St.; tel South ML
BEAUTIFUL 1 -karat diamond rl:Tg $30; worts
$100. GARIN 1GS Montgomery st.
FOR sale — First -class new bricks. Apply DR.
C. C. O'DONNELL. lCSlVj Market «t.
SAFES "ami cash registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market st.
SAFES and desks: new aad second-hand: price*
r:--h: at Richardscn Bros.', 191G Market st.
EDISON Phonograph Agency. PcUr Bacl-
galupl, moved to 738 Mission st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
¦ bargains. Bullard ft Breck. 131 Pose st.
SOME cood 2J-hand ganollne engines, 1 to 12
h. p.. cheap. E. B. BECK & CO.. 122 Mk».
SAFES — New and second-hand. THS UET.-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery se.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and lasacses;
all Mie*. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont at.
mscxxiiAjrEOTja wajtts.
BIO prices paid for old gold, sealskls*, dia-
monili, Kinu' full dress suits, etc ; send
postal card. LICHTENSTE1N BROS.. 2i
Stocktcn st.
A— MORRIS pays pceitlvely big pTlce ladies'
fey. dresses. g»nta* clcth'g. Postal 922 Folsom.
WANTED — A second-hand p«ol cr combtnatlcn
poet and billiard table. Box 2S3Q. Call.
HIGHEST price paid for caatoff clothing. TeL
Davis S25: 650 Sacramento st.
T1LTON wants good secondhand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Oth ?t.; tel. Jessie 2951.
VIA VX.
A WAY to healUi — Mothers' and daughters*
horse treatment: booklet free: write for It.
VI A VI CO . 2304 Van Ness; phone East 2S2.
roT Additions^ ClMsdflad AdTartliamanti
See Pare 40.THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 7, ,1904.
40
'V'NITAUIXN Church (First). 6.W. ccr. Geary
and Friaiklin «ts. — Rev. Bradford Lcavitt,
; n:iaifcttr. Junior church and Sunday school
are at iO o'.lotk; Rev. Bradford lyeavltt
aad C A. MurdoclL, supts. Sunday service
' *.«* at 11 u'cluck. There ia no evening service.
• Mr. Ltavltt will preach. Music by quartet,
under direction of II. Erfctaerick. organist.
All &re partially invited.
LMTAH1AN Church <Seccnd). cor. Twentieth
nui Capp >ut.tk (take MiK&iun or Valencia
st car) — The Kev. Jay William Hudson,
minister. Residence. 5<A> Capp st. The Sun-
day-school ratrtts at y:45 o'clock. At the
morning aervjee at II o'clock the Rev. Jay
William Hudtton will preach. Subject. "Re-
ligious Banity ard Insanity." Music by ur-
.-h«-*tr:i mu! choir, "under the direction of
J&blch Clexnent. All cordially Invited. No
•rvvnin^ >fr\ ict.
FlUfcT rrcsl,} terian Church, Vsn'Nees a\r.
and Jsicrauitnto st.— Rev. William Kirk
Guthrie. past 01. Services at 11 a. m. and
7:45 ii. in. Her. D. A. Mob'.ey. D. D.. will
pr«-ach at both wrviccs. Sabbath ecliool at
»:4(» a. ni. «. hrislian Undeavor at 6:U0 p. m.
Wednesday, b •». m., midweek service. All
.are cur J '.ally invited. ¦
CALV^tY Presbyteriaa Church, cor. Jackson
and Kiilmorc *ts— ru-v. John Hemphlll. D.
'. D.. pastor. Morning service at 11 o'clock.
Sjfiimtct cr the lord's £urp*r. Evening
«?rvi^e ai 7;4i o'clock: sermon topic, "A
Whomever Gosj.c!." The pastor will preach
at both service*. Sabbaih school at 0:00
a. m. Christian nr>aea\or meeting at *i:'M
p. m. Prayer rnoeting Weanesday evening
at b o'clock. All are cordially Invitctl.
TUINITY Prf*b: tcrlan Church, cor. Twenty-
third end C*i>r» si«. — Pastor, Uev. Edward K.
Slrcmg. Public worship at II a. m. a^id 7:43
X>. m. Uible s-hoci at i2:"0 p. m. Endeavor
bodrty at 0:43 p. m. Morning e*rmon to
children *O'i pocmc people. Evening, subject.
"Jfestos V.t'h the filch.** Strangers welcome
at all services.
WESTMlXSTnr. Pre&b.'-Urian Church, corner
Webster cnu l\*«e tts.— ltev. Herbert E.
. ilaj». l-SFtur. Moir.lnj service at 11 o'clock.
S.rnicn ly HerSert 1Z. Hays; theme. "I'luo
i*o>» and a Girl" — a teinion to children.
L.\cni:itf service at 7:45: b?riiion by Herbert
K. ilays; tiiemt. "Uaiiuing Materials."
tauadajr school at 'J:15 a. in. Y. P. S. Chris-
tian t£ndcavar, t>:45. Piayer meeting c\ery
VWdncaJay eMtiir.s. Pastor's residence, &C3
Ualltr tt. •
THIRD Congregational Church, 15th et., near
Mlfft**! Bf William Rader, pafcior. Cum-
¦11uni1.11 service arid reception of members at
1! o'ilock. Kvcmng »>rv!ce at 7:45. Sun-
day tchocl at lr:.tt). Christian Endeavor
meeting at C:li. Wednesday evening prayer
meeting.
FIRST C^ngrcrational Church, corner Pest and
15a*';n sts. — ltev. Geors« C. Adams, D.D.,
Ikjsioi. will preach ct both services. At 11
a. ni.. topic. "L»ivine Leading In Marriage."
At 7:15 o- m-. topic, "A New Heart and a
New Spirit." All are cordially invited.
GRACE Church, cor. California and Stockton
Ms.. Rev. David J. Evans, rector — Celebra-
tion of holy communion at 8 a. m. Second
ieltbratton "choral." with sermon by th«
>«ttor. 11 a. n>. Offertory, "How Great. (J
L01J"; baritone »olo from St. Peter by Sir
Ju!iu* 3enedict. Monthly musical festival
service at 7:40 ;>. m. Service, Martin in D.
'l"h<* organ music will be by Gerard Barton.
• Tjraniht of the Episcopalian Cathedral, Hono-
lulu. H. I.
TRINITY Church, Bush and Gough r»ts.— n°\:
Frederick W. c.'lampett, U. D-, rector: Holy
lutnmunlon 7:.'!uan<! 11 a- m. ; Sunday-s<. hooi
:<:ao a. in.; morning services 11 a. m.; even-
ing *en ices B j). ni. The rector will preach
Loth **rvkeE. Voj are heartily invited.
CENTRAL. M. E. Church. Mission St.. b»-
i*«n t'ixth and Seventh — The pastor. Rev.
Oeorx* W. White, nlll preach at both seri-
ic^s :-.-ci.-;. Services it 11 a. m. and 7:3'>
p. m £unday-Fchool at 12:45. Young Peo-
lle's Joint meeting at 6:15. Splendid music
by choir, teats :re*. Everybody welcome.
«:hurch i* within easy access of a!l down-
l\.nn bol«»!s.
BUTPSON Mem-^ia! Methodist Episcopal
« hujvli. comer Ha:es an<l Buchanan sts. —
Ittv. Jehu Kiej^lienis. the i.a*tor. wiJl preach
at 11 a. in. en "The Workman and His
Work." and at 7:45 p. m. on "Choosing a
«;cd," the second in the series on "The
<;irat C'hoiies of Lif<-." Sunday-school at .
1Z:"M p. m.. C. B. Perkins superintendent, j
Kpworth league st 6:45 p. m.
FIRST I'hurch of Christ (Scientist). Central
Ijlock. *£B Sutter St.. bet. Kearny and Grant
rive.— Christian Science service at 11 a. m. '
Subject of IfFMin sermon. "Poul." Sunday-
school frr t-Mldren at the came hour.
Wtanfiday evening meeting at 8 o'clock.
Frre reading-room. 1X>6 Kearny tt., rooms
JXifi-r.lo. All aie welcome.
FIRST Baptist Church. S20 Eddy nt— Uev. w!
F. Ta>!or. D. LV. preaches at 11 a. m. and
7::;0 p. m. Bible i=chool, 12:00 p. m. Chris-
tian Endra\or meeting. C:."0. Prayrr rnert-
MTSTIgQ NOTICES— Contlnnea.
MODERN Woodmen of America.Good- \*^Y
j fellowship Camp W33. M. W. of A.. \T/
: meets every MONDAY NIGHT at J/Si
Fraternity Hall. U09 Market at.. San
Francisco. XV. H. EDWAKDS.V.C
W. J. ELLIOTT. Clerk; office, room 627
Hmtua Sprcxkels building.
REBEL Cork Benevolent Society will <k^ft>
hold its elehteenth annual picnic at V' v.'Jf
Shell Mound Park, Berkeley. SUN- i«Afl
DAY. August 7. 1004. Over $3000 fC^g?
ce?h will tx> distributed in gate and "^C*
eam« prizes. A union band will furnish
rnusic at the pavilion. Special music fur-
nished by the society for Jig and reel danc-
ing on two platforms. Boats leave terry
every half-hour, connecting with Berkeley
train for Shell Mound Park. Admission to
park 50c; children under 12 years free. Re-
member the date, SUNDAY, August 7. A
£uod time guaranteed to all.
SULLIVAN. Secretary.
SIR Walter Scott's anniversary — _<*%
j Grand celebration In honor of the ffjSKtS
i I^'J.l anniversary of the birth of -.^Sprn
! SIR WALTER SCOTT, un-ier the T <TVi
I eusplces of Clan Fraser No. 78, V\Jr f
• O. 8. C, Eintracht Hall. Twelfth •*
' «., near Folsom (lartest hall in the city),
en MONDAY EVENING, August 15. Con-
cert will consist of hieh-class vocal num-
bers under the leadership of Professor Bur-
ness and will also include many novel fea-
tures, such as the combat of Fits James and
Roderick Lhu and that dramatic 6tene
th* capture cf Rob Roy, and several other
tableaux dear to ScottUh hearts: a. grand
gathering of the clans and choral eijiging
by 200 clansmen In costume; grand Highland
reel in costume by the best dancers on the
Pacific Coast; entertainment at 8. dancing at
10. Admission, adults. 50c.; children, 25c.
¦ AMUSEMENT COMMITTEE.
OFFICE of the McCarty Wire!«ss Telephone
Company. Room 327. 327 Market St.. San
KitMjcIsco. Cal.. Aujt. 2, 1904. — To the Stock-
| Iiolders of U>e McCarty Wireless Telephone
1 "'ornpany. a Corporation: Public notice is
htreby Given that a special meeting of the
Mocklioldera of the McCarty Wireless Tele-
I.lione Company will be held at the office of
the said company, room ;!27. 927 Market St.,
han Francisco. Cal.. on TUESDAY. August
IK. IUO4, at 3 o'clock p.. m.. for the purpose
of declarins' vacant the offices of president,
tecr-stary anu treasuror. and also as directors
c^Baid corporation; said meeting is called by
order of Henry A. McCarty, guardian of the
estate of Francis J. McCarty. owner and
holder of more than two-thirds of the sub-
fcribt-d capital stock of said corporation.
: HENRY A. MeCARTV. Guardian *>t the Es-
I tata of Francis J. McCartv.
I
AGENTS WAITTEP.
A WONDERFUL business offer— $50 to $150
p«r week and upward positive; we want rep-
resentatives everywhere to operate sales
parlors for the best, most attractive, rapid
belling ladies' and cents' dress shoe known:
ten new. remarkable, sight-selling health
and comfort features; factory to consumer;
previous experience .unnecessary; no risk-
reply quick. Ku*hlon Komfort Shoe Co..
1233 Brcadway. Oekland, Cal.
DO you wanl work? Ladies or gentlemen; no
camaEsing or solicilins; no time from regu-
lar occupation: no one need know you ar«
my representative; no money, outfit cr ex-
perience ueeded; easy, permanent, honoraLle,
profitable work can be done home: for in-
formation, address J. W. KIDD. 5023 Baltes
block. Fort Wayne. Ind.
AGENTS wanted everywhere for best fire ex-
tinpuishfr on earth; late California produc-
tion: 3ell« very reasonable: over 100 per cent
profit: write quick for particulars.- PACIFIC
SUPPLY CO.. San Jose. Cal.
LADT agents— We have big sellers for private
canvassing: our goods sell and no kicks at the
price; sample at agents' price. 65 centa
'stamps) and free catalogue. The E. Tilton
Manufacturing Co.. office 706 Powell st.
AGENTS wanted everywhere to handle "Nov-
elty Sign Cards": every merchant buys 10
to 100 en eight: SCO varieties; catalog free
Sullivan Co.. 11S9 Maplewcod ave.. Chicago.
AGENTS — An asency- for a proposition that In
a. decided improvement on building and loan
. Is worth having:. Great Western Improve-
ment Company. Pairott building.
AGENTS to handle campaign buttons and
novelties; send for price list. Keystone
Photo Jewelry Co.. 433 Fourth ave., Pitts-
burg, Pa.
WANTED — Ladles with a circle of acquaint-
ances to introduce a home treatment for
women. Call afternoons, room 103, 4S0 Ellis.
ACTIVE, reliable lady agents wanted cvery-
where; no exper. req.; steady employment;
good incomes. Address Renaux ct Cle, S. F.
PERfTMES, toilet article", flavoring pow-
dcrs. PACIFIC AGENTS' SUPPLY CO .
( 12^0 Treat ave.. San Francisco. -
EXCLUSIVE territory to bright, energetic
women; liberal. Euclid Medical Co., 114
Euclid ave., Cleveland Ohio.
[ '
A— $2200; coffee ealoon and restaurant, cp- I
posite the Ferries building; lease; place es-
tablished years; doing a rushing and good
paying bui-inesg; fullest investigation sollc-
ited. K. G. WILKE. 2C>4 Kearny et.
A — $3500; corner grocery and bar on Fultcn
st; rent $C0; living rooms; stock will in-
voice about $2S0O; a well established and
iirst-elass paying business. See R. O.
WILKE. 20'^ Kearny et ¦ - ... :
A — v;.".0; corner cigar stand on water front;
rent $25; valuo in Eight; a good business,
fcee R. G. WILKE. 'MM Kearny st ¦
A— $000; cigar stand on Market St., close to
Phelan building: rent $75; place clears at
least $175 per month. Call R, G. WILKE,
20V3 Kearny st
A— ?1WO; CORNER saloon, on Polk St.; rent
$35; lease; stock of liquors on hand. $500 or
more; an old established corner; clearing
above expenses at least $175 per month.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26& Kearny st.
A— $600; PARTNER wanted In manufacturing
bu shits asbticy; an active, honest man
wanted; a rare opening;, references ex-
chant;ed. Sea R. G. WILKE. ZtiYi Kearny st.
A— $1500; HOTEL and roadhouse. with 18 fur-
nished rooms; rent $70; 6 years' lease; large
barns. >a»d. orchard, etc.; 26 steady board-
ers.v horses, buggies, etc.; the best-paying
country hotel in tSan Mateo County. See
R. G. WILKE. •-Gtt Ktarny st
$4000— SALOON on Turk »t; net rent $150; 5
yaars' lease; elegantly fitted up place and
good paylnz business. Call R. O. WILKE,
26 Va Kearny st. .
A — $1500: WHOLESALE bakery; dally sales
about $50- new wagon, 2 horses, etc.; rent
$45; stock at invoice; only cash trade; a fine
business offer. Particulars R. G. WILKE,
26>£ Kearny st.
A— $750; SALOON, with rooms: rent $27 50;
establ. years; this Is a good place for man
and wiie; location the best. Call B. G.
WILKE. 26Vi Kearny Et
A— $2650; CORNER grocery and bar; rent $40:
the choicest location In the Mission; place
established years and first-class paying; full
value in sisht See R. G. WILKE. 2«!£
Kearny st. -
A— $1750; GROCERY and bar; located In th«
bttt manufacturing town of San Mateo Co.;
cash trade; rent $30; 4 furnished rooms;
leate. See R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny at
A— $15,000; BARROOM; one of the best In this
city; or owner will take a partner for $8000;
this is a most beautiful and best located
firet-claEs paying place In this city. Par-
ticulars R. G. WILiCE. 26% Kearny st
A— $(>5C0; CORNER saloon, establ. many years,
and known to be one of the leading and first-
class paying lager beer saloons of this city;
fullest investigation solicited; a rare chance;
leate. R. G. WILKE, 2C^ Kearny St.
A — $1600; ROADHOUSE, with fin© living and
club rooms; piano, dance hall, 2 stables, etc.;
a well-advei tUed and good-paying house.
Cal) R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st
A— $«00C: CORNER saloon, with 4 years'
lease; about >/ 2 block from Market and Ellis
tts.: place doing a rushing business; valua
in sleht: owner must leave for the East.
Eee R. G. WILKE. 26 \S, Kearny st
A— fS50; CORNER saloon; rent $30; located
about 1 block south of Market and Powell
fts.; a good business; owner engaged In
other business cause of sale. Particulars
R. Q. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st
A— $2000; CORNER ealoon with 4 years' lease
In wholesale district; owner bought ranch
«nd sacrifices; saloon established years; a
first-class paying place. See R. G. WILKE,
20*4 Kearny st.
A— $1000: RARK chance, rare chance, rare
change; restaurant In San Rafael: dally re-
¦ ceiptx $'.:.¦>; rent $30; good business; value
In sight: patronized by best class of people.
be? R. G. WILKE. 2CV4 Kearny st _^
A— $800: CORNER ealoon in wholesale district;
rent $50; place doing a fine business; sur-
rounded by wholesale houses; no night or
Sunday work. R. G. WILKE. 26# Kearny.
A— S2. r ,00: LEADING hotel In the best business
, -own 80 miles from city; 40 rooms; bar and
'.inlng-room; long lease; no better chance for
hotel business in the Interior. Call R. G.
. WILKE, 20ft Kearny st
A— $2250; PARTNER wanted In one of the
test paying corner saloons In this city;
daily receipts about $10; place clears net
aLove $:<00 t>er month; location first-class.
Fee R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st
A— $1600: SALOON, vicinity Market. Ellis and
Stockton ets.; rent $150; lease;, place estab-
lished years; first-class business. Call R. G.
__WI LKE. 26^ Kearny st
A— $I7Col HOTEL with bar! dining-room,
kitchen and 3t> rooms: piano, etc.: finest loca-
tion across the bay. Sea R. G. WILKE, I'tiVi
Kearny «t.
A— $3500— ELEGANT barroom, with mercan-
tile lunch; on Montgomery st, vicinity of
California: clace must be eecrlflced on ac-
BXT3IKESS CgAKCES— Contlnnefl.
A^-CAMERON & CO.— Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy st., cor. Market and Powell. !
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
FOR sale^ — Well furnished 5-room aric. moored
one hour's ride from city; fine chance for
summer outing; also for winter shooting and
fishing; completely furnished and equipped
"for housekeeping; automatic generator for
making own gaa; toilets; closets; everything
strictly new and modern; accommodate 12
people over night; perfect little home; owner
obliged to go East; make offer. CAMERON
& CO.. 3 Eddy st. - -
FOR sale or trade— Quart* mine; fine prospect;
located in Cal.; assays 540 to $70 ton; trade
for rmg.-hs. or buslnese. CAMERON, 3 Eddy.
WANTED — To exchange - income property in
Alameda for stock of merchandise in S. F. ;
value about $8000. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy.
FOR eale— Carriage and wagon factory and
general Jobbing; established 27 years; well
located and equipped with modern tools, etc. ;
full Investigation and trial given; retiring
from business. CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy.
EXCHANGES made in all kinds of real estate,
rooming houses and business chances. CAM-
ERON & CO, 3 Eddy st '
FOR exchange — Lot. 25x125. with cottage, East
Oakland; high basement; cement sidewalks;
everything first-class: on direct car line; for
rooming-house S. F ; value $2000. CAM-
¦ ERON & CO./ 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — First-class electrician and lock-
smith business; bona fide proposition; good
reasons for selling. CAMERON tc CO.
; ==
DO you want to earn an extremely high rate
of Interest with absolute safety? You can
try even with a very small amount Address
L. A. WERNER, 934 Monadnock bldg.,
Chicago. 111. _
WANTED — 500 PEOPLE to help organize the
largest co-operative candy manufacturing
plant In the country: dealers In every town
can become Interested; $1 per share; money
to be refunded on 30 days' notice; no risk;
good salary given to good men; no trlflers
or tricksters need write or apply; $1000 the
limit to any one person. Apply to KELLER
CANDY CO.. 477-475 Seventh at, Oakland,
Cal.. Branch San Francisco.
ATTENTION ! ! !
.. $r&00 — Exceptional opportunity to purchase
whole or part well established grocery bust-
ness (no liquors) central location, monthly
sales average $4000; last year's net profits
$3500; thorough Investigation Invited and trial
given bona fide purchaser; no triflers. Address
tx.x 2028. Call.
HOTEL restaurant — Elegantly furnished; none
prettier on Pacific Coast, for sale; lease or
rental taken in board; grand chance for right
party with some means. Addreu for one
week, box S088, Call.
.,~~ FOR SALE.
51000 — Saloon In good country town, Baera-
mento County; doing good business; billiard
and pool table; good stock of liquors, etc Ad-
dregs box 15, Gait Cal.
MACHINIST with $2000; must be first-class
all around man; best opening In the world
to right man; business established since 1895
In country town. Address P. O. box 132,
Martinez, Cal.
BE Independent: sell novelties by mall; we
supply catalogues and goods wholesale; full
particulars free, jj MURPHY CO., Dept. 347,
Stamford, Conn.
HOTEL with bar attached for sale In a coun-
try town; a good point for travel; have run
the house for 9 years. Address for particu-
lars. box 1949, Call office.
ENERGETIC business man to travel; will pay
$100 per month and expenses to right party;
"mail deposit and references required. Box
306S. Call office. " ¦
FOR cale — A grocery store In a good live
town, doing a good business; must sell on
account of sickness. Address A. B. C. bos
__2S38, Call office.
WANTED— A furnished hotel to lease by re-
sponsible hotel man: good country town pre-
ferred. Box 2S95. Call office.
FOR sale— An old-established stationery and
periodical bu*tne*s, with a long lease. Apply
to E. BAUER, S. F. News Co.
BAN AX A culture paya big profits; for particu-
lars address or call on GUATEMALA PLAN-
TATION CO. Room 224 Cailagban building.
FIVE per cent weekly dividends paid on lii7
vestments of $25 and up. Your money back
at g»>y time. Particulars, box 3001. Call.
$500— TRANSFER and express business; estab-
lisbed office end good teams; Investigation In-
vited. B V.AAv nf twim B1
3JOSGXHG-KOT7SXS 7OB BAM— Con.
A— CAMERON & CO., Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy st, cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses. Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
108 rooms; rent only $5 50 per room, long
lease, up to date, downtown, modern house;
electric lights, bells and elevator; all light
rooms; well furnished throughout; chance of
lifetime to get first-class house that is clearing
$350 to $450 at bargain; has signed to accom-
modate large body of people in coming con-
clave; owner obliged to leave for Europe to
settle an estate; make offer; exclusively with
us.
15 rooms; rent $65; best block on Mission
street; good buy and worth the nrice; $S0O.
65 rooms;, best downtown commercial house
In city; clearing now $300 per month; every-
thing first-class condition; will trade for Oak-
land, Aiameda or Berkeley property or ranch
in California; must leave city.
8-room flat; rent $45; close In; oak furni-
ture; good carpets; departure; price $400.
00-room. new, modern 2 and 3 room apart-
ment house: cheap rent; most^- elegantly
equipped in city; 5 years' lease; every appoint-
ment heart could wish; this little gem at bar-
gain on account of sickness. '
2S rooms; elegant fur. family hotel on Nob
Hill; doing fine business; will trada for Urge
apartment-house and pay cash difference.
5 rooms and closets; East st: rent only $18;
good furniture and carpets: everything for
housekeeping; 6 beds; cost $700; obliged to go
to Germany; snap at $350.
24 rooms; rent $145; "new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; fine proposition ;
good lease. : i '
ISO rooms; grand, new, modern apartment-
house; elegantly furnished and equipped: cheap
rent; fine lease; paying $500 to $00 P«r month;
close in; full of nice people; bargain If taken
at once; dissolution of partnership.
1 34 rooms; cheap rent; thoroughly renovated:
all in fine shape; fine little apartment- house;
clears $150; reduced to $2800.
16 rooms; rent $65; good furniture and car-
pets; always full; must sell within next ten
days; leaving city; make offer.
108 rooms: cheap rent; new and elegantly
furnished up-to-date rooming-house; has fine
bar; can be run in conjunction If desired; rare
chance for right parties: part cash, balance
can be paid out of the house; other business*
interests demand immedlata departure.
75 rooms: grand new building; elegantly fur-
nished; cheap rent; 10 years' lease; close In;
clears $400 per month; $4000 down, balance 8
per cent per annum; departure.
7-room modern flat, close In. well furnished;
cost $600; at bargain if sold at once; $300.
45 rooms: rent only $123; first-class location;
well furnished and good running order; clear-
ing now over $200 per month; always full; best
buy In city; account sickness; price $4500.
32 rooms; cheap rent: 2 -years* lease: fine
downtown location; 2 entrances; everything In
first-class condition: good furniture and car-
pets; clearing now $200 per month; if run tran-
sient can clear $300 to $350 per month; here Is
best proposition In city; price $3200.
125 rooms; cheap rent; long lease; first-class,
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished;
clearing $500 to $600 per month; must sell on
account of other business; only with us.
105 rooms; cheap rent; first-class. up-to»-date
commercial house; clearing $350 to $400 per
month; call for particulars.
126 rooms: rent only $4 per room; new and
up-to-date house; all men; electric elevator,
lights: long lease; clears $400 to $500 per
month; one of the best buys in the city.'
Large list of real estate, rooming-houses and
business for exchange or trade always on hand.
CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy st
H. C DECKER Established In 1877
906 MARKET ST.. COR. STOCKTON.
HEADQUARTERS FOR ROOMIHG-HOUSES.
56 rooms; downtown; reduced to $1100
B rooms; fine, piano; on Sutter 400
17 rooms; on Fourth st; bargain 1200
3S rooms; on Market et 3000
40 rooms; reduced from $3500 to 2200
15 rooms: clears $100 1250
Houses, large and small; from $50 to- $20,000
Flat— 8 rooms and bath $ 600
Lodging-house — 36 rooms 1100
Lodgtng-houre — 54 rooms 5000
Lodglng-house^ — 10 rooms 2200
Rooming-house — 20 rooms 2500
Rooming-house — 11 rooms MO
11 rooms; good piano; on Sutter......... 40O
16 rooms; fine corner 600
24 rooms; transient 2300
TWENTY HOUSES TO EXCHANGE.
CTAIBTOTABrrS — Contained.
PROF. J. G. LEONARD.
THE GRBATKST LIVING EXPONENT OS"
CLAIRV&TANCT,
WHO HAS ESTABLISHED A REPUTATION
IN EVERY PROMINENT CITT IN
THE ENTIRE WORLD.
IMPORTANT ANNOUNCEMENT.
PROFESSOR LEONARD HAS DECIDEDTO
PLACE HIS SERVICES FOR o>rE _ W JS^
ONLY AT THE DISPOSAL OF THE PEO-
PLE FOR FULL READINGS AT THE RE-
DUCED PRICE OF ONE DOLLAR.
He advises you with a certainty as to the
proper course to pursue In life, and his descrip-
tions of your friends and enemies are as reai
as though they stood before you. Don t rau
to call on him If you are Interested In any
affair of life. If marriage, sickness, deaths,
changes, travels, lawsuits, business transac-
tions, investments of whatever nature, wills,
deeds, mortgages, lost or absent friends > n «f:
est you; If you care to know what you should
do to be successful; If you desire to have do-
mestic troubles removed, your bitterest enemies
converted Into your stanchest friends; In a
word, whatever may be your troubles, suspi-
cions or desires, visit Professor Leonard, ana
he will aid you.
CLAIRVOTANT POWER 13 A NECESSART
ADJUNCT TO THE HEALINO ART.
The wonderful psychic power of Prof. Leo-
nard, in the use of which h» hae no peer,
enablea him to accurately locate and detect
th"! cause of any physical ailment that may
be brought to his notice and at the sannj
j time to indicate the line of treatment that will
unfailingly cure. There is no' form of nervous
diseases peculiar or Incident to man or woman,
whether the cause is Induced t>y personal care-
lessness or excesses of any kind cr Is the
result of long-continued Illness or of Intense
bu»!nees strain, that cannot be located and ad-
vised upon, and his clairvoyant penetration has
never Dermitted him to make a mistake in.
naming the actual seat of physical trouble In
any case.
233 Geary ft., bet. Stockton and PowelL
Room 38. San Francisco.
10 to 8 dally. Sunday 11 to 8.
AH Correspondence Promptly Answered.
THERE ARE NO SIGNS DISPLATEX>
OUTSIDE OF PROF. LEONARD'S OFFICES.
COME TO THE ABOVE ADDRESS. CON-
SULTATIONS STRICTLT PRIVATE.
Mrs.A.H.Kronenberg. palmist clalrvoyant.caxd
reader; when others fall try me:good readings
25c. 721 Franklin. nr.G.G.ave.Tel.Larkln 4207.
CABPET BEATnrfi Airp CLEAHIKQ^
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum. Process, uni-
versally used for cleaning carpets on floor
•without removal; carpets and ruzs are also
cleaned by compressed air at shop; prices
moderat". S. F. Compressed Air Cleaning CO..
308 Market; phones Main 152 and Bush 479.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing works, 355-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
MITCHELL'S, 240 Fourteenth St.— First-class
carpet cleaning 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 18C9 Har-
rison St.: Al cleaning; 3c Tel. Mission 225.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-Beating Works,
333 Golden Gate ave. Telephone East 126.
HOPKE BROS.: excellent carpet beating: mat-
tresses made over. 1432 Howard ;tel. South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st. ;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beatjng works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 263.
COTTAGES TO UST.
RIVOLI ave.. 6 — line cottage house. 5 rooms
and bath, with cement basement; stable and
garden; $20 per month to the right party.
W. A. T. AGARD, 77 Flood building.
TO let — Cottage, 4 rooms and finished base-
ment. Apply owner, lumber yard, corner
Army and Condon sts.
SUNNY cottage; 4 rooms; north side Filbert
st.. near Leavenworth; rent $13 50; large
yard.
$5— EUREKA and Eighteenth st«. 12«— Rear
¦ cottage. 2 rooms, basement, yard.
COTTAGES WAITTEP.
NEAT cottage, with barn, north of Market
Address 157 New Montgomery st.
COTTAGES FOB SAI.E.
FIVE-ROOM cottage; barn, fruit flowers; Key
routs; cheap for cash. Box 2910. Call office.
FOR sale — Cottage. 6 rooms and bath. Inquire
At 8S Cumberland st. ...
invited, beats "free. j
KEV. JAMES WOODWOnTH. for 39 years !
secretary of the «"alifomta Prlscn Commis-
sion, nil! preach «hi« evening at 7:45 o'clock
in the Jerry McAuley MUsinn. 824 Howard
et* Mt>. Humphries, prison missionary,
will conduct services ev«>ry Monday even-
ing: revival s*rvle*s every niirht; every Sat-
urday evening a Kibi* training clasx. con-
du»*t*<l by «'hsrlfs Montgomery. All are
earnestly Invited. 1
A I'NION may* mwtinr for men only will be j
held u-duy fit th* Y<mnff Men's Christian j
Association Auditorium. Ma*on and Ellis !
*ts.. to be a'i<1rP¥w«l by Btehop M. C Harris j
of jKpan and Korea. The IJishop's subject I
will I* "Are the Young Men in Japan Fight- I
in*,' a Righteous Uattle?" Beats in the hall
frr* and nil men invited. Address begins
at 3 o'clrck.
MEETINGS— SPITPAY.
VIJDANTA Society — Swaml Triguiiatita leet-
¦ urce every Sunday at 8 p. m. at 4W tfteiner
¦t. 7'ake Hai»rht or Klllmore cars. Admis-
»-»oh iiic. T«-n4fht'f *ubj»ct. "1'hllosophy of
Faith." H* alfco hold* classes there every |
Monday at S p. ?n. Admission 50c.
-;HK Frnjilif-t of th<» Nile. Dr. Betiero. lectures
on "Vibration." Sunday. July 7. 8 p. m..
»e>t |.arlor. GoMon Gate Hall. Free. Au-
M>.' • - Oriental Myniis.
Mme Ycung's ust netting tc-nlght; lecture,
Mrt. Keal. SCA Hay**, nr. Franklin, 10c; read-
ings daily. 1T20 Sacramento et., nr Van Ness.
Ml!?. J. J. WHITXET.f
Clairvoyant, trance, business medium and life
read-r. US.'C Market St.. Gait House.
FIHr^DSHIP Hall, ZX5 McAlliKter »t.— ~Mrs. C.
J. Mtypr; Fit. daily: tests to all every ev. ; 10c.
VALENCIA. 14R0. rr. 2C'.h— Mrs. Herbert' h
greet convincirg tret meeting to-night at 8.
W. G. KKEUAN holds teet wanrcs every night
10c: readings daily. .V»c and $1. 148 Sixth St.
.i.l;r.ll. HAULAN1TS «**t meeting to-night,
tcadincE daily, SOe and $1. US Sixth st
TK«=TS. 117 Lsrkin *t.. Sottish Hall. 8 p. m..
Maxwell.Hovet.MrKee: test. Prof. Dove. others.
rF.RKINP' t-rt ni»»liriK. 1220 Mission. 7:45. also
_ Tues.. Thurs. e\-g; readings dally; devel. Frl.
MRS. nBERHARDT. t»st meeting to-nlirhflOc.
267 fan Jos» sve.. between 24th and 25th sts.
MME. VIGARS— Spiritual test meeting tol
night, loo; felttings daily. 148 Elxth st.
MHS. STODDARD'S usances, select, 25c: full
readings and testk; Sun.. Tues.; 278 9th.
UEKHABT KOTTER'K materializing eeancT
Tut-gflay nlrrht. 105$ EUis st; 50c.
EARLE. to-nlrht. 1K2 EJHs st
TESTS. 1KK» Market: 2-8 \Vll»on. others; 8 Dr
• Cowsn. Mr. Harcrave; 10c.
MEETINGS — THEOSOPHICAL.
TUEOeormCAI, Society. Academy of Scl-
•i»e*-f> bldjf. : j.uMlf Unrturc S p. m by F M.
Willie. tjubjr-ct. "Olestlal Uthlet." "
<-;<:: strap ay lectpbes.
VR. JOHN A. KEIIGAN'S free lecture this
'ynlrs:. Cryrtal Hall. Pythian Castle. »CJ
}\V*.' 1 **' Rlib >-ct. "The Preserving of
Life. followed by views of the St Louis
V.orl.}» Fair; free tickets will be dtetrib-
uted for X-ray exhibition at Sanitarium
Tae*<lay evening; remember the quettion box*
>vc-i!i.l music.
PTtANKLIN' JORDAN of the Western Federa-
tion cf Miners, ttralglit from Colorado lec-
ture* to-n:cht et S. Carmen's HalL 310
O'Farrell st; collection.
MARRY GAZH i»t GoUen Gate. Main Hall-
iree lecture at H p. m. Subject "Can Death
lie Conquered?" All Invited.
AHTHUn MORROW LEWIS, special lecture
TliurmJay. Aug. IS. Turk-st Temple. "So^
ciallERi and RelSclon."
JACK LONDON' lectures at Turk-*=t Temple
next Thursday. 8 p. m.. on "The Class
MEKTIKO KOTZCES.
MISSION Lodge Ko. 1C9. F. and A m] ®
— There wll! he no funeral THIS^rV
SUNDAT AFTERNOON.
¦ H. IS. ALLAN'. Eecy.
ALTA Lodge Ko. 205. L O. O. P 7777
Funrral of Urothtr HANS C -""i»rt£»fei
HAV&EN. from ball. SUNDAY,
A-jg-utt 7. 1:^0 p. m. ''^3^*^
P. F. LEDFORD, K. G.
ALTA Lodge No. 205. I. O. O. F.— .»«h-:'77"~
Initiation MONDAY EVENING, VX&S&3&-
August. Sth. ~Jz3^£P&
U. F. LEDFORD, N. G. "^S3B^
EITHER »»x: Do you want to make at least
$5 day? Apply at once rm. 7. 819 Market st.
LADY or gentleman: fine position and good
pay. 916 Market st. suite 58.
ATT^OBWEYg-AT-IAW.
R. W. KING* Attorney-at-Law, Exam~bldg.
6th floor: entrance room 611; established 15
years; all cases, general court and office
practice; no fee in advance or for consulta-
tion; eveninps by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
ADVICE free on all legal matters; 'divorces a
tpecialty; private, quick; no pay In advance;
mining companies organised ;patents obtained:
G. W. HOWE. 1122 Market St.; eztab. 22 yrs.
PENSION atty.— M. HARRIS 40 Ellis St.. 19
yre. practice; rets, from many thousands of
soldiers, sailors, widows and orphans on Pa-
cific Coast for whom I have secured pensions.
DIVORCE— Coste, $12; quick, quiet; advlcs
free; all law business; no charge unless suc-
«-enful; < -pen evenings. 8-'7 Market, room 301.
ADVICE free: divorce costs $12: no fees or
cctta In advance: all law business; office
open Saturday evenings. 819 Market^st. r.33.
MONEY advanced heirs on estates; estates pro-
bated; consul, free. F.Colbourn, att'y,027 Mkt
ColumMan Law & Collection Agency, r. R5 fllfi
Market; tel. Jessie C226; solicits your business
L. S. CLARK. 927 Market St.; consultation
free; no fees In advance; open evenings.
P '~T5? f I S ,^ M D« ns «°ns—SONNTAG'S PAT-
ENT & l'ENSION ACCf .. 214 Pine. 6th floor.
ASTBOLOOT.
TOUR fortune told by the stars for 10c
MADAM KANORAH. 1133 Page st.
A8TKMA aEHEPY.
DI NOLA'S Asthma Remedy relieves Instant,
ly, 10c. 25c. 5Oc. ICO2 Market. St. Nicholas-
also WlKhart. 10th and Washington, Oakland.'
at7tomobh.es.
1904 FORD, carries 5 people. $725; Marr run-
about, sample machine; used twenty-five
aro. i co.. B ffi/ t a £5gei I g. c * wgl> - HOLLE -
OLDSMOB1LES. In perfect repair, second-
hand, from $375 up: certainly beat value of-
fered. F. S. JACKS. Napa. Cal.
KNOX automobile. $800: Holley runabout car-
ries 2 people. $425. Joe Holle. 20th-Folsom.
AUTOMOBILE for Fale (Cadillac) with de-
tachable touneau. Box 1948, Call office.
A WHITE Stanhope for gale; price $600; In
perfect running order. « Box 1979. Call.
nj £?&i as? oV : 8eats two *™°''
BICYCI.ES — ror Sale or Exchange.
CALIFORNIA motor bicycle, used 20 miles !
$100; California motor tandem, good condl-
tlon. $125. JOE HOLLE. 20th and Folsom.
BIRDS, SOOS, STO. •
YOUNG parrots, guaranteed to talkT$3 each;
largest variety dotrs. birds, cases, etc at low
pries. 1544-40 Market «t
BOABDIITO rOS CHII.D»EIT.
A MIDDLE aged .lady would like 2 or 3 chil-
dren board; mother's care. 3003 . Twen-
tieth St..
WANTED — By an experienced woman, an in- i
fant to board. Inquire 212 Seventh »t. I
WANTED— A small child to board in Drlvnf«
family. SGl^ Greenwich at P r ' v "e
NICE country home for child: St. Helena K> n > '
County. Apply 2018 Bush st.
WOITLD like one or two children; near schooL
542 Jessie i»t - j
BOOKS. J~^ ' j
SCHOOL books, old and new, bought and sold" ¦
DALY & CURRAN. t&7 Geary st I
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections madT;
city or country. Pacific Collection Co.. 415
Montgomery, rooms 0-10; tel. . Main 6580.
_ CglKOPODISTS. I
ALL ailments of feet cured; corns, bunions '
Ingrowing nailn, etc. Dunlap Inst. SO Geary. ;
' CItOTglWP REWOVATIUO. *
BUITF cleaned and pressed. $1; scouring and
dyeing. Bon Marche. 40 Ellis st. room 14;
(bone Diumm iL Call {or and deliver tree.
count of III health of owner. See R. O.
WILKE. 26»4 Kearny st
FINE OPPORTUNITIES.
If you wish to buy or sell property of any
description, dwelling or rooming house,
grocery, butcher shop, delicatessen, branch
bakery, cigar stand, saloon, or business of
any kind, do not fail to call upon us; w«
may have just what you want to buy or a
purchaser for what you have to eell. SEAL
ROCK INVESTMENT CO., 1312 Market st.
rooms 41S-419. telephone Folsom 3468.
$300 — PARTNER In light buMneM; chance for
right man; must be sober and reliable.
BERG & ARMSTRONG. 318 Kearny st
FOR sale at a bareain. a roomlng-housa and
restaurant: Beats 52 people; located in fac-
tory district: must sell quickly on account of
f>!ck ness. 331 Bay st.
$1750— GROCERY, including building, etock,
computing ecaleo. horse and wagon, etc. In-
quire of owner, 700 Twenty-seventh St., Oak-
land.
$10(10 — LAirNDRY route; commissions average
?2C0 monthly; established 24 years by present
owner; horse, wagon, etc Box 3934. Call.
SALOON paying three to four hundred dollars
a month; lease; price $2500: must sell at
once; no agents. Box 129.':, Call, Oakland.
FOR sale cheap — Branch bakery store with lin*
r.f notions and groceries. Apply FRANK. &
MCCARTHY. San Leandro. Cal.
SAIX5ON; 7 years' lease; well located; reason-
able. Ap'ily 251 Fell st.; no agents.
WASTED — A partner In clsar factory; must
be steady; S100. 1506 Golden Gate ave.
CANDY stores: three; must sell. one; a snap;
come, make oner. 328 Hayes et.
CIGAR stand for sale, cheap; owner sick;
must sell; make offer. Call 219 ila-y>n st
FOR sale or lease; a bargain; blacksmith and
wheelwright shop; corner location; stock at
cost; tools modern; sold at 60 per cent of
' cost; abundance of work; prices good; spot
cash; must be sold in 20 days; Marlposa
County seat a mining camp. A. B. VAN
CAMPEN. Marlposa. Mariposa County, Cal.
BUTCHER shop for eale, with complete out-
flt, including large McCray cooler, 2 horses
and 2 wagons; fine paying business; must
sell owing to ill-health; $500; easy pay-
ments. Apply BONELLI, 301 Eddy st.
MUST sell Immediately on account of sickness;
flrst-ctaH! roadhouse and saloon; all nicely
furnished; 15 rooms and bar; long lease;
cheap rent; no reasonable offer refused. In-
quire Batl's Villa, Elmhurst. Cal.
FOR sale — Bargain; green* grocery, fruit and
clear Etand; one of the best stands In Oak-
land; branch Log Cabin bakery; call and in-
vestigate. 1171 Twenty-third ave., Oakland.
WE incorporate and float stock companies; we
handle unlisted securities; loans negotiated.
HORATIO GILBERT & CO.. EUicott Square.
Buffalo. ¦
?500— RELIABLE man, willing to work, can
purchase interest In estab. mfg. business; le-
Kltimate, paying proposition; bear closest ln-
vcBtlgatlon; can clear $100 mo. 247 Fifth st
KIHST-CLASS hardware store, well established
" and located, for sale on account of sickness;
only $8250; take half city real estate. Box
SS05. Call office. ' '
$2450— GROCERY and bar: choice corner in
Mission: reasonable rent and long lease;
Box 2S03. Call office. / ;
A BARGAIN— Old established trimming, har-
ness and carriage! business: Belling account
Elckncsg. Box 1280, Cail office. Oakland.
LADIES' and gents' furnishing store, 1061
Market: stock $1300; option of cose; must
BCll. - . .
$200— PASTRY, notions, candy, laundry agency.
525 Taylor st: 3 finely furnished rooms and
batemtnt; large stock; owner leaving town.
$1300— PAYING grocery and b*r; r«-nt W0;
lease: selling account of -.learn. Aurly
WICHMAN. LUTGEN & CO.. 23 Battery Vt.
O'FARRELL, 404— PART of store to let.
GROUND floor offer- In new minim; co., $25
up; chanco for fortune. Box 2921, : Call. -
$S50 BUYS saloon; good street. 640 Com-
mercial st. .
FOR sale— Dental office. Market Bt.;Mow rent;
estab. practice. P. IS.-W.. box 3069, Call.
BEST newspaper snap In U. S. for $S00; net-
ted $3000 in last year; new outfit: new build-
ing. The Mall, Myrtle Creek. Or,. --•'•-¦ •
MEAT market averaging $50 business j-er <*ay;
trade nnd location best possible; > owne- out
cC health. Addreaa P., 2106 Fltteanih . »r.
RESTAURANT for eale, cheap. 621 Montgom-
ery Et. ¦ ¦ - - ¦ - :.¦¦¦>. ¦¦'. • 1 . - ¦ ,
SALOON license for sale, with or without fix-
tures. SW. cor. of Seventh, and Tuwnsend.
MILLINERY buslnesa. old-established; .owner
going East. Apply barbar shop. 817 Laguna
St.. corner McAllister.
LARGE corner saloon for sale; newly fixed
up; cheap; make offer. Bex 2004, Cail office.
I MAN with email capital: mfg.; legitimate busl-
I "fc^: wm make 100 per ct. Box 3022. Call.
{ WOOD and coal /yard In Berkeley for sale-
reasonable. Box 2203. Call office.
FOR sal« — Coal and wood yard In the Mission-
good trade. Box 1095. Call office.
GROCERY and bar for sale In good location
In North Beach; Investigate. Box 2263, Call.
FOR sale — Corner saloon, with lease; best busl-
ness street south of Market Inquire 159 4th.
A BRANCH orflce for The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market ft, opposite Fifth
Open until 11 p. m.
r.ODQinQ-HOTTSES PO3E 8AX.JS.
MARION GRIFFIN,
40« Hearst bldg.. over Examiner entranoe.
Cor. Third and Market sts. Tel. Black 3607
ltoomlnjr-houses and hotels for sale.
31 ROOMS. 19 of which .are newly furnished;
centrally located; great bargain at $1250'
part cash; long lease. MARION GRIFFIN.
9-ROOM flat; modern; elegantly furnished for
private home; will sell at sacrifice on very
easy terms, or rent as a whole for $30 per
month. MARION GRIFFIN.
11 ROOMS: almost new furniture; clean as a
pin; desirably located; all goes at the ridlcu-
lously low prloe of $400. MARION GRIFFIN.
15 ROOMS on Van Ness ave.: beautifully fur-
nished; clears $«0; only $1000. Marion Griffin.
15 ROOMS; O'Farrell st; excellent home; well
furnished; reduced from $1200 to $S0O. Griffin.
105- ROOM apartment-house: one of San Fran-
cisco's most Profitable Investments, and one
which -will bear the most rigid investigation;
furnished with excellent Judgment; fruaran-
t«-ed to clear now over $250 mo. — the dull
season; lontr lease at less than $5 per room.
MARION GRIFFIN. 400 Examiner building.
A— 140 ROOMS; first-class hotel with bar; will
positively clear over $1000 per month; noth-
ing in San Francisco outside of the St. Fran-
cis Hotel -will equal It In point of furnishings;
every room an outside room; steam heated
and every known modern convenience: if you
are looking for one of the city's beat business
opportunities on easy terms; get full partlcu-
lars from MARION GRIFFIN.
BEAUTIFULLY furnished apartment-house~of
70 rooms; low rent, long lease; the best of
locations; brand new. modern; up to date in
all respects. Exclusively for sale by MARION
GRIFFIN.
34 ROOMS; Sutter it': corner house; always
full of, steady roomers; clearing $175 per
month. This is worthy your Investigation.
Installments. MARION GRIFFIN, room 406
Examiner building, 8. F.
MITCHELL & CO.. ' \
1200 Market st. Phone Jeesle 29S1.
Rooming-houses, hotels and flats; will sell
any house; part cash; balance easy pay menu.
45- r. transient: lease; rent $205: clears $175.
11 r.; rent $53; downtown; for $450.
44 r.; rent $240; modern apartments: Al.
105-r. apartment: rent $5 room; full.
MITCHELL & CO.. 120C Market.
THIRTY rcoms. nicely furnished, lease.. $3500
26 rooms, all men roomers, low rent.... 1000
llo room*, low rent, country transient. 6000
SI rooms, rent only $55... 60O
40 rooms, rent $70. transient 1500
M rooms, rent $¦'{ per room 3400
Hotels and roadhouses and all kinds of busl.
r.css sold acd exchanged.
Money to loan on furniture at low rates.
EITEL * CARROLL. 212 Kearny st
FOR sale— Lodging-house, 30 room«; rent $05;
clears $90 per month; price $1000. Address
box 2287. Call office.
EXCHANGE rooming-house, fine location, for
city, Oakland. Alameda. Berkeley or ranch
property. Box 3037. Call office. _^
VAN NESS AVE.— Handsome 15-room house;
modern; fine. Income over expenses; price
?1000. -Box 3940, . Call office. ¦
$550— NICELY furnished hou*e, 10 rooms. In-
qulre at 0 Harlan place, oft Grant ave. ,.
7-ROOM house; furnished; for sale. 307. Third.
FIRST class 21-room lodzing-house. Inquire
at grocery store, 1030 Folsom st. .
MISSION, 83S— House of 10 rooms and base-
ment; all rented; $525; Investigate this.
15 6Uee° MS * «nt ?57 50; furnished. 421 Hyde
H. C. DECKER. 906 Market et.. cor/ Stockton.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
A BRANCH office of Tha Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened ct 100S Market st, opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
STIBITTJAUSM.
READ about the wonderful ISMAS, the gypsy,
on pace 32. . >
CRINDLE — Licensed photo medium; hours 10
to 4 dally. 32S Ellis at.; developing sittings.
MRS. E. BURR, formerly "Anthony." medium,
life reader. 711 Harrison; ladles 25c. g. 50c
Mrs.E.M. Miller, automatic slate-writing, heal-
Ing, developing. 2500 Mission: tel.Church 20*5.
DEAD- TRANCE medium; names,' bu», mln'g;
clrc. Tues.. Thur., Eat, S pm, 325 EH1«, front.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, business medium and
life reader. 1206 Market St.. Gait House.
ELSIK REYNOLDS, grand eeance for full
fonns, Sunday eve., 328 Ellis st 50c.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing seance to-day,
1 o'clock. $1. 1084 Bush st.
CI.AIBVOTAITTS.
AA — CALL at once and save $4.
My famous $5 readings this week for $1.
PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever in San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge if I fall to tell your name, and
what you want to know. I tell if husband, wife
or sweetheart is true or faise, whom and when
you will marry; In fact, I will tell every hope,
fear or ambition better than you can tell your-
self. I will improve your condition so you will
reach the greatest possible strength in mental
and bodily vigor, and luck that insures success
in business, mining, speculation; I implant the
controlling power in your nature so you can
fascinate any ona you desire, win the one you
love, bring back your loved one, and cause
marriage with one of choice. 10 a. m. to 8
p. m.; closed Sunday. 326 O'Farrcll st. 326.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third st. next Examiner
bldg.; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur in the future; if you are in trouble,
discontented or not satisfied with life, or
have domestic, love or business troubles, con-
sult this, great medium and you will -be told
how to overcome them ; valuable advice In
all affairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction guar-
anteed; open Sundays. Tel. Black 4569.
FROM ALL SECTIONS THEY COME TO WIT-
NESS THE WONDERFUL DEMONSTRA-
TIONS , OP THE NOTED LIVINGSTONE.
Readings $1. Would it not be relief to know
how you will succeed, be relieved of matters
that trouble you and of schemes of your ene-
mies, that you may meet with better success?
Then for reliable reading go to Livingstone,
4'JS Eddy st. : three separate reception par-
lors; lady attendants; hours 10 a. m. S p. m.
THE Prophet of the Nine, teaches and demon-
strates 1 occultism. " develops your forces, aids
you by secret Influence, goes into your life
completely. An Rstral life reading will guldt
you to success. 363 Geary st. Afternoon and
evenings. This wonderful man delivers free
lecture Sunday. Golden Gate Hall w«st par-
lor. S p. m. • -
A— Miss M. Wllle, 330 Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you balled for without asking a quesT-
tlon; names given; special. $1; hours 10 to 8.
READ abcut the wonderful ISMAR. the gypsy,
on page 32.
MISS ZEMDAR. young, gifted clair. & palm.;
I correctly treat your love affairs, domestic
trouble, bus. and financial success; names;
L.. 60c; G.. $1. 714 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.
ISMAR, Egyptian seeress. The Vendome. 1104
.Market st, San Francisco. Office hours — 10
a. m. to 5 p. m. : Sundays. 10 to 12: Wednes.
day evening. 0 to 8." Phone South 1141.
A— MME. RAVENNA reads life; business ad-
. vice; names given: 25c up.. 8 Ellis st
MME. WALTERS, sreat card reader: la. 25o,
gents 50g. P51 Mlt*lon St.. nr. 6th; open Sun.
MRS. CLARK, wonderful palmist and card
reader; ladles only. 4?1 Hyde st.
MME. YOUNG'S writing circle to-night 25c
1720 Sacramento st. nr.Van Ness; read.dally.
MME. . FLORENCE, card reader and palmist;
pricus reasonable; hours 10-9. 713 California.
MISS WARD, clairvoyant, gives names, ' dates,
facts; readings daily. 917 Market room 10.
MRS. BAUMANN/ the* well-known fortune-
teller, to now at 317 Ellis sU
' > DBjnTISTb.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — Cannot break:
warranted 20 yrs.: crown. $3 50; fillings. 60c:
plates. $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market.nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new: teeth
from $8 per «t; extracting 60c; gas given.
DR KNOX. dentist, now located at the Grant
building. 1095 Market St.. room 203; all first-
class dentistry at low prices.
GOLD fillings, 75c; silver. 35c; crowns, $2; no
pain: open Sundays. Dr.A.C.Hewitt.204 Sutter.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush —
Set teeth, $1 50 up; crowns. $2 uo: fllling3,25c.
ARTHUR CH1SHOLM. surgeon-dentist.r.l4.1st
floor. Phelan bid., 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
ALL work guaranteed by tha New York *den-
tists. Dr. Perkins. Mgr.. 069 Mlsslon.cor. 6th.
O BE SSMA XEBSJk HD SE AM3TEE SSI IS.
McDowell dressmaking and millin-
ery SCHOOL always In the lead, because
we have the best system of dresscuttlng. giv«
the b*st course in millinery on tha coast and
have the latest Imported patterns. Positions
furnished. Best references. Any pattern cut
to measure. 1013 Market St., above Sixth.
ACADEMY dressmaking and millinery, 423
Sutter: new school of the new systems: call
and investigate how you can make your own
gowns In elegant fashion. .
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class, 1019 'Mkt.
Accordion, sunburst and knife-platting. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
EDUOATIOyAjb.
A BIGGER school than ever. On June l'we
moved to new fireproof building. 73S Mission
st., between Third and Fourth: more space;
liner rooms: better light: finest In the West;
come and see. S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
E. R. AYRES. founder and manager Ayres
Business College for 14 years, has returned to
take active management. Combined course.
$5 a month: Ufa scholarship, $50. Day,
evening. Bancroft bldg.. 723 Market st.
A— The LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for university, law and medical col-
leges; refs.. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor: day, evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
A— THE Paul Gerson School ct Acting gives
morn performances and secures more engage-
ments for students than all other Western
schools; special summer course. 414 Mason.
HINMAN'S School of Dancing. 1412 Polk st.,
bet. Pine and California, » nd branch school,
cor. Howard and 21st — Adult classes are now
open; children's class will open Sat.. Aug. 13.
A— CHICAGO BUSINESS COLLEGE.1435 Mar-
ket, guarantees positions to graduates; Pit-
man shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $3 tao.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. mln., mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. ev.; est. 1S64. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City HalL
BOOKKEEPING, Eng., math., etc.; day and
eve.; Individual instr. 305 Larkin St.. Prof.
T. A. Robinson, formerly pres. Pac Bus. CoL
CLASSES In short story writing and journalism
meet on Mon.. Wed. and Thurs., 2 p. m.. 333
Phelan bldg.: terms very reasonable.
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. CoL, 602 Van Ness
ave. ; positions secured. R. H. Webster, Pres.
KENT Law School: day and night; send for
particulars. 536 Parrott building.
SPANISH classes and private: fifth successful
year of teaching. PROF. MAYA. 427 Sutter.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION— Pay and
PARTINGTON'S. 424* Pino «t.— Night class.
ISAAC Pitman Buslnesa College. 345 Halght;
individual lnstruc ; all branches; day, eve.
WESTERN Business College. 1107 Mkt com-
plete course. 6 mo. $30. eve. $4 ma; private.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 025 Golden
Gate ave. S. F.; 75-page catalog on request.
CHEAPEST and best in America — The Weekly
Call. 10 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
SI'SfpkOTrillXEHT OTTICES.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment office
supplies best help promptly; city or country.
S. IMLKA. S39 Sacramento. TeL James 5261.
A 72 RPH ? XI . M Employment Office— Japanese-
Chinese, help. 426 Powell St. ; tel. Main 5752.
WE furnish bookkeepers, clerks, stenographer^
general help. "NATIONAL." 509 Hearst bid.
JAPANESE-Chinese Emp. Office. 415 Stockton;
best help. Frits Tamagakl. mgr.;tel.Bush 859.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of~-
¦ flee; all kinds help. 316 Stockton; Main B133.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
TeL Main 1907. BRADLEY & CO.. MO Clay.
X BOOKKEEPER, cashier; young lady: ex-
pert accountant; thoroughly experienced in
office work; quick, accurate: competent to
take full charge; Al references. Box 2338.
Call office.
DRESSMAKER. ladleV tailoring, e-rening and
street coats and gowns; flrst-cUsa cutter
and fitter; only best of satisfaction given;
engagements by the day. MISS BARSS,
Sherman Houae. 2S Eighth st.
WANTED — By a middle-aged New England
woman a situation .as cook and some house-
work. Call or addresa New England Woman.
3S1 O'Farrell St.. city; no trlHera need apply.
WORKING housekeeper by respectable woman;
In widower's family, where a mother's car*
Is needed; two years' reference; likes ths
country; call two days 063 Harrison st.
FRENCH woman, middle aged, very gocd
cook; long experience, from Paris, and good
references; wishes position in city. Addresa
MMB. SALLIOT. COS Broadway.
WOMAN wants to take care of flat or small
rooming-house in exchange for use of 2 or 3
unfurnished rooms. Address M. S.. Call
branch. 639 McAllister st.
AMERICAN woman, elderly, neat, reliable
cook, fond of children, capabla entlr« work
of small family, wishes work; wages $12.
232B Minna st.
COOK — German; first class ta all branch-*
American. French and German cooking: ax-
tends to kitchen department only; references;
call Monday. 743 Eddy st. '
A RKFINED. cultured woman wishes position
as companion to lady; no objection to travel-
Ing. Address A. B.. Call branch. 603 Mc-
Alllster st.
A YOUNG lady would like to traia aa cars*
In some hospital or sanitarium; has had
some experience; rood reference. Box 3057,
Call office.
COMPETENT woman wants laondry work for
Wednesday and Friday: $1 6O per day. Ad-
dress MRS. MOONS. 3394 Twentieth st.
YOUNG German woman with child 4 yean ©', t
would like chamber work In hotel or lodging
house. Addresa box 2902. Call office.
A WOMAN would Ilk* & plae* to assist la
light housework. 134 Eri» St.. o2 Haw&rd.
sear Fourteenth sC
STENOGRAPHER. 4 year** cxpexlene* ta
legal work; good references given. Address
box 2S94. Call office.
WANTED — By a respectable voau; light
housework; will sleep at home. Box 2897.
Call office.
RELIABLE woman, with llttl* girl, wls&e*
position as housekeeper or to eoolc far xnfa.
MRS. IiFTK, 1730 S. Eldorado St.. Stockton.
NT AT. reliable girl wishes general house-
work In a small family; wages $23; eaxfar*
expected. Address S3A Sliver st.
WANTED — By dressmaker, sewing by th*
day or at home; plain sewing and children's
work Included. Phone. Scott 1324.
AMERICAN woman wishes position aa house-
keeper or to cook for small camp. Call or
address 005 Folsom st.
A COLORED lady wants to do washing at
hom» or go out by the. day. MRS. HAYSB.
2330 Greenwich st.
WANTED — A position by a thoroughly com-
petent upstairs girls and seamstress; ref-
erences; wages $25 to $30. Box 23C8. Call.
WOMAN wants work by the day; $1 5O and
car fare. Call or address Mrs. Osgood. 113
Hayes street.
A TRUSTWORTHT woman excellent
references for washing; $1 25 per day. Box
3902. Call office.
YOUNO German girt would llk» position as
second girl or housework. Address 387A.
Minna st.
YOUNG widow with a. child wishes position
as working housekeeper; city preferred;
wages co object. 830 Mission st.
A RELIABLE young woman would Ilka a po-
sition as ladies' maid in or out the city: or
to do mending by tha day. Box 39113. Call.
EXPERIENCED young lady wishes to do
light housework for room and board. In nice
family. Box 3100. Call office.
A YOUNG lady desires a position as assistant
hookkeeper: experienced; references given.
Box 393J. Call office.
CERTIFIED teacher will teach privately or
act as day jroverness; music if desired. Box
3814, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS cook wishes position: best of
city reference; four years last place. £331
Twenty-fourth st.; no postals.
A RESPECTABLE Swedish lady wishes gen-
•ral housework in sirall American family;
wages $25. Call at ZO1O Mission st.. cor. lttta.
WANTED — By a widow, washing and hous»-
eleanlsg by the day. 1517 Mission st.
Phone Jessla 153.
EASTERN trained nurse, wishes engagements;
rsduced rates during summer months. Ad-
dress Nurse. Box 1290. Oakland office Call.
POSITION as housekeeper or woman's nurse:
references given. Address Box 12S0. Call
office. Oakland.
A STRONG woman wishes work by the day;
washing, sweeping or dusting, for Monday*
and Thursdays. Call 157 Ninth st.
DRESSMAKER who thoroughly understands
all kinds of work; also skirts rebound. 470
Fourteenth street.
RESPECTABLE woman with girl of T years
wants plain cooking in small boarding-
house; city; wages $12. 744 Howard st.
DRESSMAKER. experienced. would llko a
few more engagements by the day; good cut-
ter and fitter; reasonable. Box 3073, Call.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes work by the
day or at home. 27B Pearl St.. between
Market. Valencia and Thirteenth sts.
A SITUATION as seamstress by aa Americas
woman. Box 2S90t Call ofnee.
SITUATION as nurseglrl. Box 80M. CaH
SITUATION 1 as nnrsa. Box 3083. Can office.
STENOGRAPHER wants half-day position.
Box 3052. Call office.
WANTED — A position aj lady's ™«»1 ta city.
567 Bryant st.
A WOMAN wishes situation, hoasewer*. Ay-
ply 432 Minna st.
WOMAN wants work of any kind by th* day:
$1 BO and car fare; no postals. 243 Tehama.
COMPETENT stenographer desiree position ;
best of references. Address box 2909. Call.
YOUNG lady wants to learn to pack candy In
a candy store. Box 2903. Call e£nc«.
A GERMAN lady desires washing or houa«^
cleaning by the day. Call at 1507 California.
RESPECTABLE lady would Ilka work by tie
day. 2009 FlUmore 4t. ,
WANTED — Work by the day of any kind. 8043
Twenty-fourth st.
A RELIABLE woman wlshee situation a* eeok;
city or country. Apply 372 Minns..
SITUATION aa a nurse gtrL Call $19 Ooary.
MRS. CRONAN.
SITUATION as dressmaker. Box 8078. Call.
SITUATION as stamper. *Bax 3075. Call.
LADY, expert In children's dresses, seeks em-
ployment by day. Box 3084. Call.
WANTED — By colored woman, work of any
kind by the day; references. Box 3080, Call.
YOUNG lady wants a position In candy store.
Address 564 O'Farrell st.
WOMAN wants work to take home; no stairs:
please call at 17 Shipley st.. rear.
WOMAN to do day work. Address MRS Mo-
COY. 1022 Jackson st.
WANTED — Position in country hotel to do up-
stalra work. 210A Mason St.. S. V.. Cal.
LADY seeks position in millinery store. Box
3910. Call office.
DRESSMAKER wants work In private- family.
Box 39C0. Call office.
YOUN'G lady wishes position as typewriter.
401 Golden Gate ave.
EXPERT stenographer wishes position. Ad-
dresa B. Cail branch. 1941 Mission sV
WANTED— Copying to do at home. Box 3XJ\
Call office.
A YOUNG lady would like a few hours light
work each day. Box 3073. Call office.
YOUNG lady wants to go to country with
family for beard. Box 303. Berkeley.
TYPEWRITER wishes work for several hours
a day. Box 1581. 1003 Market st. •
WANTED— Position as cook. Address M.
WRIGHT. 816 Geary st.
FIRST-CLASS German Iaundrecs wants work
by day. 2 Hyde place, off Hyde st.
GIRL would like- a situation in stationery
store; experience. Box 2. IOCS Market st.
YOUNO widow with a child wishes a position
as worktng . house keeper: city preferred;
wages no object. 830 Mission st.
A REFINED youns: German lady desire* a
position aa companion or housekeeper with
elderly lady. Box 3055. Call office.
Fourta at. •-„•_THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 7, 1001:
41
X3tP^x3gi;yT.WAinr_l>>~a'en-al»-<tan
"IIDPLE-AGED widow desire* position as
peneral "manager la widower's family. Box
. 39CT3,- Call offlce. . •
JEWISH girl wishes position as first-class
• caolc In Jewish family. Add— ta 228 Seventh.
RF.T.TABLK refined woman wishes position as
•hoyptheeper. Ifc>x 3064. Cell office..
•A YOCNO eirl wirhe- position; care for chll-
' drcn. A.1drc«s box 3003, Call offlce.
AMERICAN woman, elderly, neat, reliable
cook, for.d cf children, capable entire work
**• mnall family, vrlehea work; wages -$12.
2?2B Mir.na *t.
•1GU-NG- tr;<*.cw with a rhllfi Irishes position
es • worki-jr hcusekwj>er; city preferred;
• >w> ro object. 830 Mission *t.
> WOMAN nould like washing and ircnlag
, # or clfar.lr.g to do by the day. Call or ad-
dress Laundress. Kit Mission st.
jEJTCATXOM as second work or upstairs work
. .. and Few'.r.j; nonobjection to country. Box
-S?0. Call office,
ADVEP.TIEEMEWTS., subscriptions received at
Call branch olftce. cor. XHiacon and Church _ts.
¦WANT ad» and subscriptions taken for~The
CxJl at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister «t
wasted — male.
A* THOROUGHLY competent, fully experi-
enced, well *euc*T<=a _nd highly Indorsed
- manager, buyer or confidential man. of good
aMress, agrreuwlve. reliable, temperate and
.• r*epoaisibl«, desires positlca in any of. the
above capacities; ia city or interior: can
• build vp a bucines and handle gcods so as
to show profitable results: understands every
detail of ge.noral merchandise business: ape-
fialtles^ — clothing, hat*, men'* furnishing
. AdSrees tx>x 3070. Call office.
EASTERN man, 34 years old. of good personal
'appearance, sober ar.d Industrious, best of
¦ -Klei-ace, would like a position at anything
In city, private tltce cr en a ranch; under-
: ejtaads the can? of horses. Address for one
•week E E. KVANS, The Occidental. »0
•¦ North Market »t.. San Jose, C—l. Room 4.
A--THOROUGHLY experienced, accurate ae-
¦countar.t, unier $2000 bend, open for «n-
jUfrener.t August 14; best of references fur-
,. ftlshed; nothing ur ; d?r ?S5 considered. Box
E-rp-.OTMitarT waj-ttep— -_ai»— con.
CARPENTER, thoroughly experienced, good ;
workman, and bench hand, waats work; $3
per day. Box 8007, Call. ,
SITUATION as handy man ia wholesale house.
Box C002. Call offlce.
CABINET-MAKER waats rosltioa. W. J.
COOPER. Sll Folsom at "
WOULD like work as gardener. CHAS.
MEINER, 835 Hayes st
SITUATION wanted by ajroung man 18 years
old, aa uress- feeder. 635 Vallejo St.
YOUNG man wants position driving wagon;
city or country. 1035 Minna et
YOUNG man waats to drive wagon. 1010
Natoma st.
YOUNG man wishes position driving delivery
wagon. TOM KANE. 817 Natoma at
YOUNG man wants work. 1610 Mission st
YOUNG man want* work. 100 Eleventh st
STRONG boy want- work. 1035^ Miana at
YOUNG maa waats position driving wagoa;
city or country. 1912 Market St.
A FIRST class plumber helper and a good Job-
ber wants zxsltion. Box 3000. Call. |
CARPENTER, non-union, can plan budding,
1 wants work. s Box 3000. Call. •
I YOUNG man wants position aa driver on de-
1 1 livery wsjron. Box 3098. Call. •
! YOUNG maa wishes position In office; 2 years'
experience. Box 3335, Call office.
FIRST class painter wants position. 656
Minna et.
YOUNG man wishes a morning; • paper route.
Box 3913, Call.
1 I SITUATION wanted aa a barber. HENRY
i BLOCK. 4X1 H Greenwich st
I "WOULD like position as janitor. Address 1041
. j Hotvnrd st. .
; j POSITION as city salesman by young man of
, -Tu-*r. TO L-T — Continued. - .
NOE, 458-461— New 7-room flats suitable two
families; every room sunny; $32 50 > each.
OCTAVIA. 1322, near Geary— Furnished lower
flat of 3 rooms.
PACIFIC ave., 2405, near Fillmore — Lower
flat, 6 rooms; sun la every room; garden.
SAN JOSE ave.* 225— New flats.C r.. baths :swell-
est location Mission warm belt; rent $25, $23.
SUNNY corner upper flat, modern, S roome,
bath, yard; $20. S.W. cor. Geary and Wood.
.TO. adults, modern lower flat of 4' rooms and
bath; rent $16. 1022 A Shotwe.ll st.
UNION. 1500. corner Van Ness ave.— Furnished
flat. 6 rooms; all outside and sunny; Call 10-4.
WEBSTER. 105. bet. Waller and Halght—
New flats, from $25 to $45; very reasonable.
$12 — Sunny lower' flat, 4 rooms. 263 Clemen-
tina st. ¦ m "
$25—6 MODERN, sunny rooms; fine view; no
carfare. Leroy pi., off Sacramento and Jones.
$37 50 — SUNNY, up-to-date upper flat, 6 rooms
and bath. 1737 Page st.
FLATS TO LET — FUENISHED.
LEAVENWORTH, 1310— Nicely furnished flat.
6 rooms, piano. Call 1 to 4.
RENT R25; all modern; 6 rooms and bath.
1410 Valencia st. .
rr. ATS ros sai»h — r~B~xs_c__».
CHEAP— 9 rooms; fine furniture; must b« sold
Mon. and Tuc-s.; separate pieces; call 10 to 3
only. 642 Waller st, near Pierce.
FURNISHED 6- room "flat for sale; nicely fur-
nished: rent only $25. Box 1906, Call offlce.
FOR sale — Nicely furnished modern lower flat;
6 rooms and bath. 319 Jones st.; call 2 -to 4.
O'FARRELL, 1264— Elegant carpets of 8-
room flat: reasonable. '
FURNITURE of 6 rooms for sale: flat to rent;
cheap. 54 Portola st... near Duboce Park.
rnrAirciA-.. •
-CE-iP VA-T-P— ~!M-LE— Con.
A FIRST-CLASS- French second girl ; 128.
Apply, to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 33* ; Sutter.
COOK, no washing, city .$35
2 German cooks, city ..' $30
Maid to elderly lady $30
Nurse.-. two children $30
Maid and seamstress ..., $'-5
Companion, two children, hotel $25
4 second girls, some sewing $20, ?2.j
Housework, sleep home, 5^5
05 general house work girls $20, $25, $30
Apply J. F. CROSETT 4; CO., 334 Sutter.
FOR city — 3 waitr**s«s. lst-class place.. $8 wk.
Pantry girl, family hotel
3 chambermaids and waitresses.. $22 00. $25
Stenographer -...$25 and board
2 waitresses for hotel $2o
" Apply J. F. CROSETT A CO.. 33-4 Sutter.
COOK, small hotel, country * $30
Cook for Alameda $35
Housework, 3 family. Alameda $30
Second girl and waiting, San Mateo $25
Second girl. Menlo Park ...... t $30
. Housework. Mitt Valley $30
•Man and wife, ranch >...,.. $50
Housework. San Rafael .....$30
Housework, Mountain View ".. . . .$25
2 chambermaids and waitresses, country..$25
Starch Ironer. laundry, country., $10 a week
Apply J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter.
RELIABLE girl for downstairs work and
.cooking, S20 to $25. 225 Dolores st.
WANTED — Experienced saleswoman. Apply
between 0 and 11 a. m.'.at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Birst-claes millinery trimmer. Ap-
ply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
GIRL to assist; small wages and good home.
3015 . Laeuna et • ' . : -
YOUNG girl to assist with housework; two In
family. 2310 Sacramento st.
WANTED — Girl to assist with housework and
good plain cook; $15. S324 Army st.
WANTED— Reliable, experienced salesladies
for gloves. 561 Valencia «t. or. 10 Sixth at.
YOUNG girl to assist In light housekeeping.
, Apply 2U2S gtelner st.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply _t
Chutes, 6 p. m., Wednesday; salary no object
•SfrkO. .Cali efftce.
W:AJNT£I> — Pt>«;t!on as traveling salesman:
tboroughJy experienced; best of city refer-
¦. eacec;. bond if required; wages net less than
' .1100 -p«r month cad expenses. Address bcx
j&XT-. Call office.
THOROUGHLY exr*r!*ncetl office man wishes
>»;¦":*•*:: fc .« trttveiincr Falerman; wages ex-
pecieS; best of r-;-f»r«rr:c.j». Address box 2900,
. Cell efflce. .
COitPElTENT youtig stenographer and type-
¦..vriter-, having ever three rears' experience.
J"tc_rts-'a pcs.t:«:n In that capacity; refer-
« «r.ce». Box o'J4'J. Call office.
Y.Cft'ICC i_aa. speaking and writing four lan-
•£q£gcs, expert. trar.Elaicr, correspondent,
•• copyist, -etc.. eppn to an offer. GUTSER,
b<xJ2SSl. Call _£-sa.
POSITION wanteJ by a ra'.fldle-aged man as
VP.'-.t 'witch man; 10 j'ears' references. Ad-
dress -B. HESS. <-_re of £huies Co.. Ter.th
sve.-gnd Fulton st.
A ¦JSAS would like tr» have work on private
' pls.0*;: take car* of l:orsf-f, cows and garden:
• r'/ii ¦driver; wasee $30 to $35 per month
\ftvX fruad. Es_ l_01. Call offlce. Oakland.
•ETJt^D.T. reV.Etle. married man desire* em-
: r."io?-nient of aoy kind; bar.dy with tools and
aVsood driver". Address or call 12_SB Hamp-
ft., upstairs-.
MJt i 3L_-AGnD. eol>er. industrious German
«f_nts any k!n1 Of work not requiring knowl-
.eft* C Engliwh; start with small pay. Box
_5*0l. Cali efflce.
rr.MAELE. wiboi German desires position:
-ail-around kitchen cenera! work; handy.
-sefnL oilirng; vicltilty city cr country.
•Box »03, Call efflce.
EXTERIENCED ail-around man wants posl-
• jr.n in wholesale liquor house: thoroughly
• •'urderj'ViLnUfc cc.liir we rW pn<i hordes; r> >earg
J*st p:ace. li-x 2fS.*!. Call offlco.
PAINTER, par-erh-nger and decorator, with
t :<*. wintt wcrk by the dar rr Job for
experience. C17 Gough st
CAKE baker's helper wants a position. Address
box 8912. Call office. _^
BOY wants job In tea store. Box 3338, Call.
MARBLE eutter wants employment; city. Box
3027. Cal! office. - , '-
TEAMSTER detlres position in wholesale
house: references. 872 Broadway, Oakland.
WANTED — Steady chorework or any good
small ccuntry farm place of trust, kind
people only, by young, competent, reliable.
New York State American, willing man;
34; best habits: references; no teamster: can
milk: reasonable wages. Address P. J. V..
box SOU. Call.
THOROUGHLY competent business man. age
2S. experienced traveling salesman and au-
ditor, now manager of branch cf large finan-
cial institution, desires change within sixty
days, where ability and energy will be tp-
preciated: highest references. Box 1287, Call
offlce. Oakland.
WANTED — Situation as talesman in heavy
hardware or Implement house; beet of refer-
ences. Address box 3059, Call office, 1016
Broadway. Oakland, Cal.
SITUATION wanted as caretaker or watch-
man; do repairing; also electrician. Address
box :>060. Call olflce.
GROCERY clerk, young man, would like po-
eltlon in corner grocery; references. Box
2S78. Call office,
NEW YORK footman wishes position. Box
3C3ti. Call office.
CHINESE cook wlahes a situation la a private
family. C. YEW. S03 Clay st.
YOUNG Japanese wants position In store to
learn business, or any other good position to
work: speaks and writes good English. Ap-
ply to LOUIS OOATA, the Imperial Hotel.
006 Stockton St.. S. F.
A JAPANESE well educated boy wants a po-
«!ticn as waiter on table, either family or
Stock In S. P. Milling Co. paying CO cents
monthly on every share for more than ten
years, at $110.
Oakland Crematory, paid 30 cents dividends
. in March, May and June, at $30. .
San Francisco Suburban Home Building
Society; Issued bonds of & per cent and tf
per cent, the former sharing In the profits.
Metropolitan Investment Co. of Ban Fran-
cisco. 5«"per cent and 6 —- • cent.
Stock in the Plnal and Brookshlre Oil
Cos.. near Santa Maria: productive wells;
selling their oil to the Standard Oil Co. at
65 to 75 cents per barrel at the wells.
J FULL INFORMATION FURNISHED.
Turlock irrigation bonds, 5 per cent, run-
ning^ years, at 90.
$3500 worth of Realty Syndicate 5 per cent
certificates .at SSc, or discount of $400. If
applied for Immediately. Cut this but for
reference. Only one insertion.
If you can do better, go elsewhere.
W. E. BARNARD.
476 Tenth et., . Oakland.
$10,000 CASH to 'Invest In income property: will
buy in parcels of not less than $1000 or ail in
one parcel. Box 8094, Call offlce.
ru-iUxu-E FOB SALE.
YOU can -buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 60
down and $1 50 per week. T. Brilliant's
Furniture Co.. 340 Post st., near Powell.
Anderson Auction House. 19 Turk, nr. Market,
furnishes everything for the house ;low prices.
FOR sale— Upright folding-bed, with beveled
French plate glass mirror. Box 1873. Call.
FURNITURE, stoves, bought, sold, exchanged.
Barger. 4S9 Valencia.nr.l6th.Tel.Chureh 3S7&.
ruKxrxxuRE WA_rrxa>.
~" J "~'~ ; XbeTleVy] ; ~ ~~~ ~"
Salesroom, 11C5 Market St. Tel. Jessie 761.
Don't -sell your furniture, carpets, office uir-
nlture, etc.. until you get his estimate.
CHAS. LEVY & CO.. pay highest Price for fur-
niture. carpets, etc. 7S2 Mission ; tel. Bush 813.
EXPERIENCED operators on gents' white
shirts. ROGERBON'S, 535 Valencia at.
"WANTED — Ycung girl to assist with house-
work and help with baby. 3466 17th at
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 100S Market st, opposite Fifth.
. Open until 11 p.. m. j
¦H~~-~* WA~-~P— - MALE.
A— PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
Phone Main 1191. Commercial »t, 038
Offlce open 1Q to 12 to-day.
5 section hands. L. Co., $2 day: laborers for
logging, R. R.. $60; 20 boys and young men.
box factory, steady work, $30 and fd; S
lumber pliers, SCO; 2 log cutters. $2 75 day;
5 laborers, same place, ?2 25 day; 3 rafts- 1
men, $3 50, see boss here; 20 laborers, him- t
ber yards, ?40 and fd: blacksmith's helper,
camp, $2 25 day: 10 teamsters, new work,
near city, $2 25 day; 2 laborers, placer mine,
$2 50 day; 25 laborers, $2 day, board your-
selves; 5 scraper teamsters, near city. $2 25
; day; ranch hand and 'milk 12 to 15- cows,
boss here, $30 and fd. Offlce open to-day,
10 to 12.
WANTED— Checker, $50 and board: houseman,
$40 and board; assistant bookkeeper, $70;
r-resser pn suits, tccod salary; strong young
man. $8; candy helpers. $«J to start: grocery
solicitor who can brine trade; grocery clerk,
out or city, $40; a No. 1 stenographer. $80;
printer's salesman, $1S; printer and rulei,
$lfl; stenographer and assistant, $30; Jewelery
salesman, city; three boys, light work, fac-
tory, '$4; boy, cood penman, knows city, $5;
boy. errands, shot- company. $4; boy, sta- j
tlonery store, $5; boy. advertising agency, $5.
Office op*n Sunday llll 3 p. m.
THE NATIONAL EMPLOYES' RECORD CO..
300 Hearst building.
ANDRE'S Offlce. 317 Stockton st.
Gardener, private place, country. $35: gar-
| den»r, milk 2 cows, do chores, $2(1; French
or German boy. private place, $25; elevator
boy. .«15 fd; bellboy, S10 fd; porter for a
restaurant, S25: French boy for kitchen j
'lr country. B^x 007». CtU office.
rc.SITION' manager loan offlce by thoroughly
»ipenfnc»d ur-to-date man: best references:
(xnrj; wi;; ;nve«t; knc» - tlys business. Box
"ases. Can orsce.
fTCNOGRAPHER ar.d tTpMRiter, knowledge
c* Lockkeepinr. wants pcsltica; $10 a week.
"Box 35(11. C_U efftce.
CQStPETEXT, rfHab'e middle-aged rr.an seeks
p<&;tlon r.s 'barkeeper cr jrrocery clerk: t*st
* «/f 'Kxcal refrrer.ee. Bsx 3t»36. Call o'flce.
EOOKKKEPER d»s!re» an extra set of books
for evesteg*: aotell aaiary. Address bc«
S3Ufc Ctr. office
boardins-housc: has long experience: best of
references. O. P.. 711 Taylor st.
YOUNG Japanese student wants situation in
store or offlce boy; writes English well;, good
antecedents in native country. Address K.
T.. 418 Dupont st.
JAPANESE schoolboy wants position In email
family; references. H. YAMAGUCHI. 1547
Spruce st. Berkeley.
A JAPANESE boy wants a position as school-
boy in the country. Apply S49 Bush at., S.F.
JAPANESE artist wishes position in 'printing
company. M. MANGO. 725 Geary et _. ..
HELP WABTTED— rEMAtE.
N. B. — THIS office opens 8:30 a. m., closes 0:30.
A ¦ cook for private family, city, $50. •
A parlor maid for private family, city, $30;
references. *
A waitress and second girl, small family in
city. $30. '
A cook for two in family, city, $35.
An -11 around second girl. 2 In family, city,
$25.
A cook and laundrese, 2 in family, city, $35.
An all around second girl, small family, city;
$25.
4 waitresses for boardlng-housea, city,' $20
each. . • *
An experienced pantry maid -for a hotel in* 1
work. $ir>: silverman. $25; German on a
ranch, $25: woodchoppers and charcoal
burners, contract, etc. ¦ •'
A— AMERICAN EMPLOYMENT BUREAU.
642 Commercial ot.. phone Bush 833.
SPECrAL— To-day. SUNDAY— 12 to 1 p. m.
o laborers, lumber company's R. R.. $35 fd. ;
3 laborers, help carpenter*. $45 fd.: 10 la-
borerH. new work. $1 50 fd. : 3 carpenters,
country, good wages, north.
ADVERTISING hustler* — Five w_nted, male
or female; new class daily; territory and 20
per cent given: first-class people can make
fr$m M-to ?20 dally;- as *you'- handle our
" rf)one£:'**IO bond^or 'cash'' dedoilt reo'ulred;
%"OUNG ma.3. well acquainted In city, owns •
.V.«rs* and Mpht wagon, wishes position ta ¦
'(ie'.-.tr or tigttt hauling. Box 2014, CalL ,
TV ANTED— By a young colored man Janitor- j
«V.p cr steady wcrk of any description. :
IIOOTA Jor."t *l. I
YOUNG man wants situation in stationery i
"*•"»; hat had experience as «*!e«— »an. and
.a.*.*'-!ie t e educcflcn. Box 105. 100S Market et i
rC'FITION war.tM at timekeeper: experience-
*U_ R.R. an<l other grading work. Address
JUx 2S20^Ca!i pfflce, ,_ I
T."AS'TEI> — By an experienced poultry man. ;
y*.t - -»T;pr. handy »rtt_ tool*; good gardener. '
.etc.: ben of refer— ices.- -Box 2SS4, Call.
ETROXC. K-ber'nTan wou'.d like laboring work
M any k:r>4 by «.h» uay; wages $2 25 _ day.
• Lox 21>W. CeI» ©£_ee. . ¦_
A FTROXG country bey. of 17. attending school,
*rU ibes) to work for board or its equivalent.
>I. Li. KjBYSEB, .;"•« Twentieth st. S. F.
AL)V_>.'.;_nMr.NTS written D? and authors'
profiTi revised by expert Proofreader. 4"»
: *Vest Mlssien st , .
.TOCNO man v.-artK wttioa ¦¦ night watch-
-n_r!. h<-.f*i ur «ry s la< e vf trvet. or will
take _c_re c! private ;-I«ee. Box 3C70, L'ail.
A XpUNG ssn wi»!:«s a rwsltlon as a night
• cJerk: can gtve best of references. Apply box
-srs. caa ora ¦ .
R_ INTER. ha» rprl*: e!l work truarante'd and
r.:a!3nebie. Audresn I'.MXTEJt. 1210 Mis-
Jfxn. *t.
VOt".NG rr.an T.!-.h exj*ric:i<**. position delivery
»£3Crki <itj- .,r country. GEO. 1'RANKLIN.
',*0ti Suet wen rt.
ji.'ERIGHT PMUIS roa:i r.lfhrp n *t'arty posl-
Uon; very accurate r.nrt eoM at figure*. Ad-
<!»?> J A.. 741 Tehnrna st.
A ~r.fT c_M UHfc-lstnHl will work by the
.(»>¦ or r>le<-«-: ms«T?r'»"-se« made over tC7
i:<ily st.. rhoTv I-arkin SOU.
* V KRY bttS-1 bey, r**t 14. a mechanical
prni±;p.^ wculd like gocd employment Box
NON-fNIOX carpenter wants work: wares
rraioser-'.r-: trm <-r countrr. Box 1205. Call
offlce, Oak!«r.l.
"WANTED— Pe*IU.-?i «* roller-tor for real »s-
ta»«-._fflcf or mercantile house. Address
. b*x 1TH. Ca.i offj. ". (nkiaml.
T^'N'J man -artu ?ifj«» r r . as day Janitor.
Af!dr<*»s \vc\ 3011, fall offtcs.
*SL*^f. * .** in a «hc:?rairhouse. Box
«*H.i, Coil firhcf "
DHNTIST «oul(3 XMe to hear~o' • rood open-
ing. A»iar<-»B bc-x -OSG. Call office.
AN experience-:! nc^otrtart d«*fire* evenlnij «»nv
• __2_5___ A^i™** 5-^- B., box 3051; Call.
BOnEr., rcl;aUe tr.«n w«nt« situation an night
clerx or watrhiiiar.. liox :MMS. Call offlce.
A -UOJ 14 jeart. o!d »ithes a Eteaily Job. Sllio
POSJTinN' to '.akt rharjre r.f i3*tiVuTrcti7i_un-
. gry. H. J. W^-ti* Seventh et.
GARDENKR n!sh eJ potitlon by day. Box
2317. Call nfflc-e.
YOU'NG man wishes tltustlon as porter. 616
Ellis etreet. .
POSITION -.*stea a> wrapper. 2SC6"
Call office. ;; . n^v
you NO man would lik» work of any kind!
r hipping clerk preferred; beet cf reference.
Hox 2Sft3. Call office.
YOtrNO rnan wculd like work. B. if.
FLAKDEBS. 11 Natoma st.
Y_>tTNO nan desires portion as milk wagon
• diver; refercace*. Kox 2010, Call offlce.
TOL'XG miin M-U work of any Wind 5 hours
3. day. Cox 2!K>7, Call offlce.
A" BOY. 17 years old. withe* a steady Jcb.
' 212 IllcJtery avenue.
A WAITER wishes a situation. Address 526
Mantcoroery »t '
PAINTER.paper-h«nFer.«lgnwrlter, wants work;
tools furs. 1272 Folsom st.; phone Mint 1*1.
ETTCAT1ON— Practical man In wln<» or 41a-
tillinr; country preferred. Box 2922. CalL
TOITSG roan wanting to live -la Oakland waata
¦work of any kind. Dex 3089. Call office.-
PHOTO retoucher wants pennaneat position.
.. Box S0S7. Call offlca. .
FlRST-Cl.A!SS bookkeeper (Jeslres change. Box
30*6, Call offlce. •
GKOCEBY clerk— Young man would like po-
sition in corner grocery. Box 2924, CalL
EXPERIENCED Aerator operator wlshea
ittafi/ employment. Box 2923. Call eCSce.
JAPANESE, good experienced cook, wishes
position- DUN. 121 Halrht et
rLATS TO LET. -- ? -
UPPER FLATS!
*?.', 50—770 14th st.. near Sanchez: 8 r.; new.
£17 00--lt Pearl, nr. Market and Valencia; 5 r.
$35 00— N. Market bet Church and Sanchez;
7 rooms; new. . '
$35 00 — 1720 Baker street; 7 rooms.
$32 CO— Walter, bet. 13th and 14th; 6 r.; new.
MIDDLE:
$30 00— Waller «t. bet 13th mid l*th; 6
rooms: new.
iS~ 50 — N. Market, bet Church and Sanchez;
S reomr; new.
135 00 — 777 14th, near Sanchez; 6 r.; new.
LOWER:
$42 DO — IKS Hyde, near Jacksen, 8 rooms;
elegant view.
%Z2 &o — 775 14th st, near Sandier; 6 r.; new.
$27 SO — 2103 Union, near Webster; 6 r.; eweiL
f2O 00 — 27 Laskle. near Oth and Mission; 0 r.
GANCO. GUNZ Si CO^
AAA— HOUSE RENTING DEPARTMENT. |
All desirable vacant hounes and flats are lift-
ed In our free renting department: over 1000 •
In number: a combined Iln from all agencies; {
let ue give you a list and help y<ri to find a
a plate: we never fall: service free.
STERLING FURNITURE CO.,
- • 10.13 MARKET ST..
OPPOSITE MCALLISTER.
A— HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list:
service absolutely free; take advantage of |
this department; It will save you time and j
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-259 j
Gear}' st, en the square.
NINETEENTH and Nee, X.W. corner: the
warm be!t of the Mission: block Irom Castro
r.r KlRhieenth street cars — ft lovely eunny
upper and lower 4 and 3 room flats; every
modern cenv«nler>oe: storeri^oms ready by
Aug. 15: rents from ¥20 to $1*7 50: water tree.
A— SIXTEENTH. 3670, near Market— Nice
sunny upper flat, <i rcom*, bath; in sooJ
order; low rent to desirable ttnant SPECK
_. CO.. 200 Montgomery jt.
FOUR new. (runny fiats of fl. 6 and 0 rooms •
each' corner Gough and Myrtle ave.; rents I
*50 '$55 and- $ti3. VON. RHEIN REAL I
ESTATE CO.. S13 California «t. j
ELEGANT finished new upper flat,9 rooms, j
billiard hall; eun every room; beautiful view; ,
with or without private stable^ Jt30_Pierce. .
_ftoVE~12G4. ne«r Devissdero— 1'nper fist .if ;
7 rooms and bath: rent $30. VON RHEIN |
HHAL ESTATE CO.. 51« California gt. J
BROADWAY.. nr. 1'ierce— 6 elegant, new fiats, j
7-8-10 rooms: unobstructed marine view; $oO,
$33. $63; ot>en ror inspection from 11 to 6. |
GEVRY near Larkln— Very sunny, upper flat. |
ft- rcms and bath. Apply MADISON & j
BURKE. 50 aionteomerj_«t j
"iSTRO. 421. near 17th— Sunny belt: modern j
upper French sunny 11 rooms; balcony; grand
view; convenient for 2 families; $>0; stable.
GREEN 2132 near Webster — New modern up-
l^r io- room flat: unobstruetible marine view;
»ent $75; convenient to all car H"*»-
XO_C 1C3O. corner Elizabeth — New 3-room flat;
ini.ij*-rn improvements; convenient to Twenty-
_fourth and Castro street cars; rent reasonable
BAKER. 731-733— Modern new flats. C and 7 !
rm.s; tunny; open plumbing; nr. McAllister, i
BUSH. 14rrr~between Polk *t and Van Ness j
aye. — « rooms, bath, yard, basement. I
BUSH. 2553-3r~near~Devrsadero^Upper and
lower flats, r. rocms, bath each; $25. .
CAPI\ 10S6— New sunny flat 6 rooms and
bath; all frescoed: rent $25.
DIAMOND, 12— Modern, lower flat, 8 rooms
and bath; rent $17 50.
EUREKA end 20th sts — New, modern, corner
flat. f» large rooms; $25. Inquire. 305 Eureka.
FILLMORK. 1120— Modern 7 rooms; all large
and light; corner; rent $40,
FLAT, 333 Hickory ave., hear Octavla— S
rooms and bath; modern Improvements,
FRANKLIN. 2350. b*t Broadway alid Vallejo—
¦ Upper flat: marine view; rent moderate.
HAIQHT. 712— New 7 and 8 room flats; rent
reasonable. Owner on premises;
HYDE. 418— Sunny flat, 4 rooms and bath-
rent $22; lower fiat
LAKE. 742, near Ninth ave. — New French flat
« rooms; rent $25; marine view.
LARGEST list of houses and Cats to let. Call
on LYOW A HOAO. 116 Montgomery st
LAUREL ave.. _21. off Van Ness ave., bet
Turk and Eddy sta. — Four rooms and .bath.
NEW flat*; 5 rooms; reception hail; artistically
decorated; $22.50. B st. and 4th av.. nr.Park.
NOE. 122 .and 122A, near Fourteenth— Sunny '
ft and 6 room new flats. • . . .,
the mountains. $35. j MISS PLUNKETT, 423
. Sutter st. near Powell.
N. B.— .THIS offlce cpens 8:30. . closes'. o:30.
A young couple to work in an institution as
waiter and waitress; , $30, room and board;
must bring reference*. MISS PLUNKETT.
425 Sutter st. near Powell.
THIS offlce opens at 8:30, closes at 5:30 p. m.
A dressmaker for country store; $1 a day.
board and room; see party in town. MISS
PLUNKETT, 4_5 Sutter st. near Powell.
WANTED—
Saleslady, book store, $4 to start: stock clerk,
millinery. $S 50; girl, housekeeping. Alameda.
$25 and found; machine operators, caps and
bonnets, fS to $12; office open till 3 p. m.
on Sunday; lady in attendance.
THE NATIONAL EMPLOYES' RECORP CO.,
500 Hearst bid..
CAMP— GO CAMPING.
Fruit pickers — Hop pickers.
Free tents — Sonoma County, Cal.
Men. women and families.
CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 14 Third St.
A — WANTED — Girls to learn halrdresslng.
manicuring, etc.: trade taught from- A to '/.
in 2 weeks: tuition -SI to those entering now.
tbrec positions to fill immediately; positions
guaranteed at $10 per week up; Hading
school In West. 233 Gtary st, room 13.
A — GIRLS to learn millinery now for fall sea-
son: both seasons taught from start to finish
In one month for $15; positions as trimmers,
talexladies, etc., guaranteed at $10 per wk.up-
day and evening class. 143 Stockton st, r. 13.
Halrdressing, manicuring; massage, scalp treat-
ment, hair work, removal superfluous hair; $5 2
wks.; day. eve. claw; positions secured; highest
wages. Removed from 1230 Mkt. to 133 Powell.
WOMEN anfl girls to work on fruit; dean,
healthy place; positively higher wages paid
than at any ether cannery. Code-Portwood
Canning Co.. Tenth and Bryant sts.
WANTED — Immediately; women and girls,
preparing fruit and canning. Apply Cali-
fornia Canneries Co., Brannan st., between
Thrrd and Fourth.
LADIES wanted everywhere, copying letters at
home evenlns' or spare time and return to
ua; -no mailing or canvassing; $9 weekly
earned; materials free; enclose self-addressed
?nvHop-i for particulars. Guarantee Co.,. No.
S 4. Ninth st, Philadelphia, Pa. _.- •
WANTED— An experienced millinery sales-
woman for our children's department: steady
position for rlzht party; apply Monday be-
.tween » and 10 a. m. I. MAONIN &. CO.,
43-C3 Ellis st.
LADIES to do piecework home; we furnish
materials and pay $7 to $12 weekly. Send
Etamped envelope to Royal Co.. 34 East
Monroe ut. Chicago.^
OSTRICH feathers curled: lessons given; terms
reasonable: dally, 4 to 0 p. m.; ail day Sun-
day. MRS. WICKS, room 10, 207 Eddy «t,
near Taylor.
A* COMPETENT nurse to take care- of two
children. 2 and 5 years old: must have city
references: wages $35. Call at 2173 Pacific
. ave. Monday.
AN ambitious woman, capable of advancing
to position of importance with local house.
Box 2813. Call office.
GIRL to cook ami assist in housework: small
family. - Apply 1707 Buchanan st.. between
Sutter and Port.
TWO experienced lady solicitors for new
poods; liberal terms. THE OATINE CO.,
121 Geary St.. room 721. ¦
TWO rirls, one to wait dinner and do cham-
ber work, other steady waitress; room and
board. Apply Sunday, 3G7 Sixth st. ; .
AT Mrs. Lambert's. 418 Powell st: neat help
of all nationalities wanted; various positions.
DANE or Swede for general housework and
cocking, $25. 2432 Jackson et.
LADIKS to sell toilet articles; good commls-
, .ion. Call 1013 Geary ¦ st.
"WOMAN to take car* 'of 2 rooms 3 times a
week; call 7 and 8 p, m. 46SVJ Jessie sf.
WANTED— A woman to . do general house-
work. Box 3900. Call. . . ¦ ..
GIRL w«nUd for reneral housework. fcSO
Halsht st. ; ' - : ¦ -¦-¦-¦
ADVANCED apprentice wanted on coats.
. LINDNER BROS.. 208 Sutter if
EXPERIENCED shawl^crocheters wanted. Box
3005. Call; offlce.
COMPOSITOR on a* monthly wanted; steady;
•» per. week. Address: box GQ07, Call ofika.
only workers need apply. Box 3083, Call.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Mont— jrnery, r. 12.
Walter, free fare, $30; porter. 523. Office
open Sunday, D to 11.
! A COACHMAN*: 'country, private family: $40 i
and found. MRS. LAMBERT. 418 Powell st. j
GOVERNMENT positions— More than 15.000 I
appointments last year; chances even better
| now; examinations soon In San Francisco; j
i circular J-l giving llst\of positions, salaries. <
examinations, wmple question*, etc.. cent
free.. National Correspondence Institute, Pa- .
clflc Coast Office,, 027 Market st. S. F.
WANTED — Grocery salesman for city Work;
one acquainted with local trade preferred;
only experienced parties will bo considered.
Apnly to J. H. NEWBAUER & CO., 107-
lOit-111 Front at., wholei-ale grocers.
BARBERS! — Special meeting on Monday even-
ing. August S: amendment ' to the by-laws:
It Is of the utmost importance that you
should attend. By order of the union. !
JOSEPH R. BLEILY. Secretary. , ¦
WANTED — Nine Intelligent registered voters
! who are In sympathy with high license for
! saloons to secure signature* to petition;
wage* $2 -r«r day. Apply Monday. Civic
I ' Council, room £0, 01C Market st.
HEALTHY men. all trades, occupations. Inter-
ested In "Panama"; liberal- Inducements;'
»end Cc for booklet on- "Panama," full par-
ticulars. ¦ Tacea Bros., box 207F, N. Orleans.
ELDERLY man. sober, good habit!", able to
care for small summer resort durln- winter
and «prlnjr: small wases: <rood home. Ad-
dress Hopplna Springs, P.O. Bartlett Spr.
YOUNG men everywhere, copy letters homo
evenings: $9 50 week; »»nd addressed en- i
velop« fr.r particulars. Manager Dept S 4. i
box 1411. Philadelphia. Pa. Sj j
WANTED— An experienced solicitor for a
leading business college; references «x-
chan.ed. Address D. O. WRIGHT, room
400. call building. S. F. ' i
WANTED— Young man. 17 to 21 jearB of ago.
to fill nositlon of wrapper In hardware and
house furnlFhlnjr store: state age. experience
and reference*. Box S!>04. Call offlce.
WANTED — Retail saWman for permanent po-
sition; give lines most familiar with: experi-
ence and wages expected. Box 2800. Call.
WANTED— An active young man to solicit,
coffee «nd trn». with housekeepers. Address
box 1 200G. Call offlcg.
STOCK clerks: - wholesale millinery house:
muFt come well recommended. Apply box
2316, Call offlw. - '
WANTED — Boy. Ill tn 21. night porter, willing
to work: chance advancement. Call 10 a.
— .. Sunday, r 130 Maison *t. •
STRONG boy wanted. Apply tftevenson-st.
entrance. 721 Market st. CHARLES LYONS,
London Tailor. .
MESSENGER r-ny for offlce, about 14. Ap-
ply room 4. 320 California at. . ,
WANTEP — Prlcht errand Jviv; steady posi-
tion. M. FRIEDMAN &.CQ... .
GOOD horses«hoer and general blacksmith for
country. Fair Wind 8aloon. 1 East st.
DKTECTIVKS everywhere: Rood, salary: no ex-
perience. Intl. Detective Agcy.. Milwaukee, Wls.
SNAP— Barber shop. 2 chairs, four living
rooms, $05: sickness. Box 3071. Call offlce.
BOY wanted In a tailor Store, with refer-"
ence. 100 . Stockton st. -
DRY gooda salesman for the country: must
tpeak Gorman; unmarried. Box 30S5. Call.
OFFICE boy at 810 Mission st.. C. A. WORTH.
STRONG boy to learn carriage blacksmlthlng:
little espqrience preferred. S23 Harrison st
GOOD reliable man of good appearance; good
wages. Call after 8:30 a.m. Monday. 767 Pine.
WAN.TKD outside salesmen. 47 Geary street,
room . 5.. .-¦'.•>,¦.• .. : ' ¦ : ¦ . . . .
WANTED — Young man to take charge of pay-
lng business. Box 3077,' Call offlce.
SOLICITORS— Flret-class advertising sollcl-
tore. 380 Twelfth St.. Oakland.
COATMAKER : wanted to work In .store:
steady work. 3050 Twenty-fourth st. • . •
MAN help manage light .business: $75 ma ;
little money required. CalllllS, Market., r. 1.
FIRST-CLASS shapes hand " and foreman.
planlrig-nilll. Call Sunday. 1033 G. Gate ave.
GOOD solicitor for show cards; experienced
man preferred ; good prop. Box 1 3008, g Call.
BOY wanted to ' curry * morning paper - route.
. Apply ,_2d! and Mission, , cigar store. - .<
BRICKLAYERS wanted to , point I terracotta.
Falrmeunt Hotel; \-." , ;
LADIES' tailor. ;¦. flm-clais only. . can have
tuoa chance to make money. 1383 Geary st.
HEIig WABTTEP— MAI.E— - Oontln XXti. i
¦ OPEN TO-DAY.
SUNDAY. 8 TO 12 A. M.
. *¦ " " ¦ I ; j ¦¦ i ¦ -
A— MURRAY 4: READY. 634-630 Clay st.
' . . Phone Main 5848.
Leading Employment and Labcr Agents. .
We apeak tha German, French, Italian.
Scandinavian, Greek, Spanish, Slavonian and i
Danish languages.
1003 We Gave 1904 We Hope to \
60,000 Men Work. Increase 60,000.
He has arrived. New at our offlce. •
> "Representative of (he United States.
. Government work being done close to
¦ V.Wadsworth. in the State of Nevada.
Cost only ?1 office fee. See boas.
Muckers. 570. See boss.
Teamster*. $75. See boss.
Laborers, $75. Eeeboss. »
. Drillers, $00. , See'boss.
Concrete mixers. $75. See boss.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
12 cooks, different places. $30. $50. $60. j
O waiters $30 to ?4O found. *'
12 dishwashers. $6. 87, $S week.
Laundryman, institution, $40.
LUMBER COMPANIES, ETC.
Head lineman, wucds, $75 found.
Shingle Jointer, country. $33 found.
, ¦ • 6 iron molders.
, 12 coopers, slack work, steady. 10c barrel.
Gang charcoal burners. 10c to 15c sack.
12 milkers. $30. $35. $40 found.
12- farmers, $30 and found.
14 choremen. boys, $30 to $15 found.
12 stablemen, $30 found. $60, $75. *
. 4 farmers and wives. ' $40." $50, $60 found.
20 laborers, lumber co., you'll do, $60.
20 section laborers, lumber co.. $2 day. •
Special fare. Special R. It. car.
25 BOYS OR YOUNG MEN.
Planing mill, box factory, $30 and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st
A— TO LOS ANg"eLEsT$4^S0.
Ey Santa Fe R. R., 8 P. M. dally.
155 teamsters, $60.
The land of sunshine, fruit and flowers.
Highland. Redlande. Riverside. L
Pomona, center of orange and lemen groves. t
• MURRAY & READY. 634-630 Clay st.
A — 155 woodchoppers.
Tinsmith. 0-hour Job, $3 50 day.
2 ' plumbers, free fare, $4 day. -
2 starch lroners. country laundry. $12 week.
• SCANDINAVIANS.
10 laborers; lumber; go to-day. $33 fd.
2 experienced men for bottling works, $2
day.
' ¦ ' MURRAY & READY, 634-633 Clay at.
BAKER, lcea. etc.. Institution. $40 and fd.
25 laborers, no experience required, $00.
Man and wife, orchard, wife cook, fare re-
funded, iv>5 and found.
. , MURRAY & READY. C34-C.H Clay st.
A— 155 Italian, laborers. SCO.
155 Austrian laborers. ?t>(>.
, MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
HODCARRIER. fare $1, ?3 CO day.
Pantryman, ftrst-class city hotel, $25 fd.
. Slaughterhouse butcher, feed hogs, $30 fd.
* ,OIL FIELDS. .
10 laborers, t67 50.
•¦ - BANKING SYNDICATE. ,
25 laborers, no experience, you'll do, .$67 50.
MURRAY & READY, 634-036 Clay St. j
FOUR machine miners. S-hour shift. $3 day. |
4 lumber pliers, $00. '
2 furnace men. mine, ?40 and found. I
10 Italians, ranch, ?2d 'f d. : polisher and
ironer, country laundry. ?15 week. i
25 ITALIANS.
25 Italian laborers for lumber co.. north.
Boy, take orders^ handle horses, $20 fd.
Boy, bakery, fare ?2 20. J2.*> fd.
MURRAY & READY. 634-630 Clay st.
GOLD QUARTZ MINE.
GENERAL MANAGER HERE.
AT OUR OFFICE ALL DAY.
8 machine miners, $S2 50.
R chuck tenders, 575. . .
10 shovelers, mine wcrk, $67 50.
Board and lodging, $22 50; no blankets
wanted: baths and reading rooms, free.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
Laborer, country lcehouee, mine town, $1 75 a
day and room.
5 painters, house work, city Job, $3 day.
Paperhanger. extra good Job, ?3 day.
Cement flntuher, no union man.
Cook, hay preys, $25 found.
Cook for ranch, fare. $25 found. I
Butcher. 50c fare. ?30 to $35 found. j
Boy, 10 yearn, carpet warehouse, $6 week.
. CARPENTERS.
6 house* cnrper-tern. city. 33 to $-T 50 day.
4 bench hands, planing mills, $3 50 day.
16 hay balere. ?3 tt> day. i
Choreman, also 2 farm hands. Napa, $26 f J. i
LOOK.' i
Cook, few men. ranch, $30 fd. j
German boy to learn vaueage making, $15 fd. !
_ waiters, country hotel, fare $1 35. $30 fd. !
! FOREMAN.
Stable and coach: man, $33 and found.
4 men for threshlnj machine, $45 found.
Cattleman, stock farm. *30 found.
Married farmer, fare 15c, $40 and house.
. LOOK.
Chaf cook, extra Job. ?23 week.
Butcher, country shop. Nevada State, $40 fd.
23 laborers, lumber co., $60-' - -
: Carpenter, city Job. $3 day. '
• .* CITY STABLES.
12 stablemen and harness cleaners, $60.
Blacksmith's helper and shoe, ranch, $2 50
day.
Blacksmith's helper and shoe* fare 30c, $2 50
day. • . ;
' LOOK. i
I Mechanical draughtsman, city company. '
j Night watchman, city Job. $1 CO day.
! Choreman. fare $1 20. private. $25 fd.
* LOOK.
Helper on cake?, city.
] Baker, all-round man. fare $2 12, $15 week.
! Second cook, camp, $30 fd.
: Cook, a men, on ranch. *20 /d.
MARRIED.
i Farmer and wife, fl people, fare $2 20, $45 fd. -
. MURRAY & READY, C34-630 Clay St.
! "WANTED — Musician for road show. Call 138
Tenth st.
DISHWASHER wanted at 1807 Folsom st.
! WANTED — Experienced wash goods salesman.
i -Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE
! BROS. 1
1 WANTED— Experienced drapery salesman. Ap-
; ply between 0 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
i WANTED — Experienced domestic salesman.
; Apply between 0 and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS.'
I AM willing to Instruct a email clasw who
I earnestly desire to learn how to »ell life
¦ insurance: this cl_xg Is free: , literature sup-
I piled: private lessons given; positions se-
1 cured; your prcupects closed for you If you
desire help: call or write for appointment
j F. MACGURN. room 32, Pacific Mutual
j bulldlnr. _________
| WANTED— Dentlet: good crown and bridge
¦ workman and frood estracter; can alsa use
¦ good plate workman. Schlffman Dental Co..
Lea 1 Angeles. Cal.
A WELL-EDUCATED, clever Jew to solicit
among Jews; a good member of Jewish or-
ganizations preferred: none but Al solicitors
need'_fa_y. Bos 30C2. Call offlce.
FINE vestmakers wanted. Apply CHARLES
LYONS, London Tailor. 721 Market at.
i MAN to take printing orders. Apply 510'Fll-'
j bert Bt ;
WANTED — Job ruler: steady situation. Apply
i ta SANBORN. VAIL & CO.. 741 Market at.
MEN to loam barber trade: only eight weeks
require.!; constant practice and expert in-
struction: positions secured; special induce-
ments this month; catalogue mailed free.
Moler System College. 6a3 Clay st.
I WANTED — Machine hand who understands
bandsaw and Khaper and who can get out
cash doors and frames. Suter-Hevener Mill
and Mfg. Cc. Sacramento. ¦ :
WANTED— Educated gentleman who has good
kjiomUdge of encyclopedia worK: salary $1000
per vrar with additional bonus; first-class
refere nef s required. . Box 3029. Call offlce.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that -Ed Rolkln, Reno IIoum proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver'Hcuse,
'217 Third rt. ; 230 rooms; 25c to 60c per night
WANTED— M«n and women to prepare for
Government positions. Apply for free cata-
logue giving particulars. Pacific Correspond-
ence Institute. Grant bldg.. 1005 Market st.
WANTED — Men and boys to learn -plumbing
trade: Coyne Bros. Co. School of Practical
. ' Plumbing; send for catalogue. Address 4973-3
Easton ave., St. Louis. Mo.
GOVERNMENT positions— Call at 023 Golden
< Gate uve., room 7, for free information at
to positions, salaries, age limits, etc.; day
or evening*.
WANTED— Hustlers to tack signs, distribute
ctrcul-ts, samples, etc.; no canvassing; good
pay. Sun Advertising Bureau, Chicago.
A MAN of indomitable energy and push, a
good talker eager to make money. F. PER-
SON. 477 and 473. Parrott building.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
- $1 CO pair; foot- form shoes at $2 50; we pay
express or mail charges. 11 3d st.Exam. bid.
COATMAKER and bushelman for country.
Apply RE1SS BROS, fc CO.. 24 Sutter st.
BARBER shop for sale; 2 chairs; good location;
housekeeping rooms rear. 103S Mission st
LA BOH debts collected; stilts, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co.. 328 Montgy..r. 415.
YOUNG man to learn barber trade; pald.whlU
• learning. 8. F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
SAILORS and young men (green hands)* for
: Fhips. HALLBERT. B17 Jackson it.
PENSION Atty., E.A.Bullis. r. 40. Phelan bldg.
• Past - Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post Q. A. R.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of
the world at HERMAN'S, 27 Steuart rt.«
WINCHESTER Hotel.: 44 Third st, near. Mar-
' ket — 700 rooms: S5c night; reading-rooms;
free *bu« aad baggage to and from ferry.,. >
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 , Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open .until 11 p..m., , . . - .
HSU? V-STED-mi- — Con— auad."
- (OPEN SUNDAY. 10 TO 12.) ¦
AT HORD & SMITH'S.
Contractors' Agents, 83 Third st
Laborers, $2; fare 10c.
This Is a good Job; board $4 50.
Bench hand, city, $3 SO: cabinet makers.
Bench hands, country. $3 50; cabinet makers.
Ktablen ien, city, $45 and found. ,
Laborers for pipeline. $2 25; fare $3 03.
A MAN and wife for private family work In
city: $30; references. Call at MISS PLUNK-
ETTS. 423 Suttf/ st, near Powell.
ALL sizes .men's, shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. CG3 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your Fhoes half-soled while waiting; 23c
, tn 50c. Ti63 Mission st. bet. 1st and ; 2d sts.
HELP WANTED — SOI.ICITOES.
SPECIALTY men who can sell to the trade:
a wonderful electric specialty; only those
who are in touch with the dry goods, drug-
gist, cigar. Jewelry, office and saloon trade
wanted. Call Monday, 10 to 1, room 4
Lick House.
IF you want the best proposition In San Fran-
cieco, soliciting, call 409 Grant building.
Seventh and Market sts.
HELP "WAlf TED— SAIiESMEIT.
WANTED by established house — Experienced
salesman for California: gobd pay and per-
manent. Drawer S, Chicago.
SELF-LIGHTING matchbox; wholesale and
retail trade; sample free. EVANS & CO.,
202 East Ontario at., Chicago.
TRAVELING salesman — One fcr each State;
no experience; Just hustlers; permanent E.
M. ARTHUR CO.. Detroit. Mich.
HOUSES ACT VAGOJS.
'A FINE, new, up-to-date rubber-tire victoria
for sale; never been used: it cost $1100; will
be sold for half the price. 1504 Folsom st
FOR sale — Enap, 1 express wagon, with top:
1 cart; 1 top buggy; 1 baker -wagon, 829
Noe st . •
AUCTION «ale every Tuesday; horses, wagons,
surrey?, buggies, .carts and harness; .at 1140
Folsem at. . .
FINE, river bottom pasturage: green feed year
round; near .Black Diamond, Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables, 100 Stevenson. S.F.
1 BUSINESS buggy and harness for sale cheap.
053 Howard st .
WANTED— To buy a good sound horse, broken
to drive cr ride. Address box 22S2, Call.
1 BREWSTER landau; 1 Berlin coach, good
crder: cheap. Inquire S62 Howard st.
FOR sale — Farm wagon; s/ear 2-inch axle: in
use 1 month: $30. 233 Beale st.
TWO cood buggy horses, 5 years old. 1324
University ave.. Berkeley.
FOR sale— Two 1100- lb. horses, broke to all
harness, cheap. S34 Devlsadero st. "
SMALL barn for rent. Apply 49 Duboce ave.,
formerly Thirteenth '^t, near Valencia.
FOR SALE— Platform. 2-ton, cut down wajon.
1324^- Park st.. Alameda.
FINE new business bugsy. also second-hand
% buggteB cheap. 523 Fulton »t.
FOR sale— 3 nice black saddle horses at 834
Devlsadero at. " -
NEW and second-hand Wagons, buggies, sur-
i reys. cheap at 100 Golden Gate ave.
FOUR fine surreys for sale cheap; some busi-
ness buggies. 1503 Folsom st.
SADDLE horses for *ale — Ons chestnut slngle-
footer and one black. 1S0O Fulton st.
WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagons, har-
ness, work and driving horses. 16th-Valencia.
| HOUSES TO LET.
; A^PRINTELM?bToT houTelTtrierisendrfor^cir^
I cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery.
' HOTEL to rent — 13 rooms; 1541 and 1543 Pine
i et.. between Polk and Van Ness ave.: electric
lighted; steam heated: running hot and cold
water In every room; one block from three
car line: man will be on premises from
j 12 to 1 every day.
! SACRAMENTO. 3019 — Handsome modern rest-
! denes; 9 rooms; nice yard; heater; rent rea-
I sonable. . .
i -
I FILLMORE. •" 2041, near Green — Modern house,
' 9 room; and bath, furnace and yard.
HOUSE of" 11 rooms and bath. 206 San Jos«
ave.. near 27th.
SCOTT, 03. on Duboce Park — A 10-room house
In perfect order.
___KOXTSES TO LET— F7JEI7ISHED.
AN absolutely modern elegantly furnished
house, about 15 rooms, billiard and social
. hall. 4 baths, etc.; large garden; choice lo-
cation: to let for one year from Sept. 1.;
'¦ rent reasonable right party. Box 2837. Call.
INVALID CHAIRS.
SOLD, rented, exchanged; manufacturers of
Eames tricycle chair. 2013 Mkt.: tel. Park 773.
LOST A KB FOU~D.
! $23 REWARD for return Of gold watch; IS
line, open face. lS-kt; case No. 120356.
! Shreve & Co. movement No. 16717. Return
; to SHKEVE & CO., Market and Post sts.
LOST — Large, black Newfoundland dog: 11-
t cense No. 3134; reward. 1507 Mission st-
i ¦¦ ¦
j PURSE $1CO and 3 diamond rings; reward.
; 84C Stanyan st. -
I ______ *
¦ FOUND — The next three months, choicest out
i flowers and all descriptions floral work at
' one- third the resular prices; under contract
I and mutt sell; 2 stores. 311 Sutter and 1204
! Butter. SHIBELEY, THE FLORIST.
i LOST — A passbook with the Hibernla Savings
' and Loan Society of. San Francisco in the
1 name of PIERRE JEAN ROUQUETTE: No.
' 250-895. The finder will please refura to
; bank. %
'¦ FOUND — Purse containing money: can have
•j same by proving property. Box 3942. Call.
i MINK boa. Rlturn to LIVINGSTON BROS*.
i 123 Poet »t. : receive reward.
I I-ITT-CHES rOS HIM.
! C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
; St.; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
; J. Michaelis Launch Co.'.Unlon-st. Wharf : boat-
lng & excursions. 5 Steuart st. ;tel. John 2t>36.
______a?o?Ejrj£ o J^9 A J*____ j
;! ANY salaried employe, bookkeepers' talesmen,
clerks, etc., 'etc., can get from us, Just on
_ his note: . - - . - . .
Monthly. Semi-monthly. Weekly.
$50— Return.. $13.35 or $8.63 or $3.35
! $40— Return.. 10.65 or 3.35 or 2.66
' $30 — Return.. .8. Co or 4.00 or 2,00
, $20 — Return.. 5.33 or 2.65 or X.35
; $15— Return.. 4.00 or 2.00 or 1.00
| Or any other sum and pay back In pro-
I portion. THE CRESCENT LOAN CO., suite
'¦ 500. Rialto building. New Montgomery and
• Mlmlon sts.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount oa
t 1st. 2d or 3d
Mortgage, en real estate or
Chattels, in city, town
gpgglf or country. ¦•
Low rate of Interest
Give full particulars
of property or chattels.
Location, etc -•-•
Box 49o. Call offlce.
I SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without sectir-
i ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
I any one confidential and courteous treatment;
I. call and get terms. Drake. 433 Parrott bids.
A — ON furniture or pUnos at lowest rates; bo
removal; no publicity; also on real estate;
1st or 2nd mortgages or on any security; any
amount. O. W. BECKER, 30 Geary, room 36.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
p«-r cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store.
; 840 Market; tel. Main 1844. Branch. 13 Third.
'. MONEY' loaned on diamonds. Jewelry, sealskins
i and valuables; our fireproof vault is protected
j from burglaries by electricity. PORTLAND
LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton; phone Bush 48*.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, . without
security: eusy payments;. large business in 46
principal cities. Tolman. 553 Parrott bldg.
THE United Loan and Trust Co.. 21' Stockton
st. (upstairs), loans money on diamonds, jew-
' elry and valuables at 2 per cent per month;
absolute privacy. Phone Bush 484.
MUNICIPAL* LOAN OFFICE. 907 Market st
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000. . - ;
! MONEY to loan at low interest;- gold, silver*
I diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st
MONEY loaned en salaries, chattel mortgages,
life insurance policies, etc. United Loan and
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton st . ¦ .
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture. Indorsed -notes and" other security. 8.
F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
LOANS to salaried people privately without se-
curity. PIONEERCO^iSlD Market sc. suite tit.
ON real estate and . chattels. . E. \V\ LJCkT
1C03 Mutual Sav. Bank bldg.. 703 Market at
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
. «mi>!oyta. Room 311, Mutual Sav. Bk. bid*.
' MOBET TO -.OAIT— Cg_t-_n-<-,
AAA— HERMAN MURPHT.
601-602-603 Examiner, bulldls*.
Quick settlements; no disappointments
Save expenses by ceallng directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests; assignments of rents; property In trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos: no removal;
no commission: no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 28 Montgomery sL.rn. 7.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per e«nt
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 53S Kearnr.
Z% ON furniture & pianos; $13 up^no removal;
no cora. V. TREMAIN. room 81, 6 Eddy st.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
indorser. MORELL. 6CO Examiner b-lldlng.
MUSI CAT. ZXtS'TKUTSZTTSS..
HEADQUARTERS for renting pianos— Little
pi«noa for small rocms. medium s!z* for
average rooms, bis pianos for large parlors,
halls, etc.; pianos for rent at $1 per rao..
some at $2. a large number of good onea at
$2 30 per mo.: our own make pianos at $3
per mo (the beet Instrument offered . for the
money In S. F.); a fine line of elegant large
pianos for $1 and $5 per no. ; over 150 in-
struments to select • from, all of them" good
bargains to buy as well as rent; one year's
rental allowed off purchase price.. , SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 5C0-64 Hayea at
A FEW exceptional bargains: all uprights;
Heine grand. $475; Gabler. $350; Krell. $373:
Heine $235; Stelnway. $325; Mason A Ham-
Iln, $2S5: Knabe. $ieO; Fischer. $115: Behr
Bros., $187; Crown. $140: Kimball. $63; Em-
erson. $123: Occidental. $40; Conrard. $97:
Ccllard $55; ' investigate our new rent and
purchase system:. $2 per month up. HEINR
PIANO CO.. 235-237 Oeary st; Oakland.
1252 Broadway. ' -_ -
A BUNCH of uprights; easy payments.
Erard: small uprisht for practice ItO
Wood worth; Allovon : splendid order. •». ..*65
Wagner; perfect condition; a snap $ll<>
Neumann; — iahc=rany case; 'a bargain. .. .$125
Est»y; mahogany* case: perfect order;.. $190
BEXJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 OTarrell st.
A PIANO free fcr one month: If you want to
rent after that money applied on purchase
price. HEINE PIANO CO., 237: Geary st
ONE month piano rent free on pianos rented
In July and August. BRUENN. 225 Sntter.
A FISCHER upright piano for sale; as good as
new; $135. 2.7 Geary st. ' "'
$e0 FOR a fine upriKht. If you want a bargain
call at HORNU.NG'S. 216 McAllister st ¦
SCHMER. Byron Mauiy pianos. Ceceliait piano
player. BYRflTN MAUZY. 3C8-312 Post st.
NEW uprfgtt pianos s«ld on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ & CO., 16 McAllister «t
3-PEDAL Stelnway up;Ch!ckertng baby grand;
Shonlnger. little used. Keeffe's. 2S3 O'Farrell.
CHEAPEST and best In America — The "WeekJy-
Call. 16 pages, sent -to any address in tfea
United States cr Canada one year for $1.
OFFICES AND STOSES TO LET.
PHYSICIANS. SURGEONS. DENTISTS. ';
THE PA VIA. i . . ?.
New offlce baildltur,
641. 643. 643 Sutter •*.. i \<*
near Mason st. m - - - - -
Modem, up-to-date
offices especially fitted for ¦
physicians, surgeon* and ' -
dentists: appointments first class).
Building open for Inspection dally.
For particulars apply at the building'
or to .....
BALDWIN Ar HOWELL, ' <
25 Post at
GANCO. GUNZ & CXX
STORES AND FLATS TO RENT.
STORES: •
$35 — 31S Devlsadero St.. near Page; also 3 liv-
ing rooms and fin*- base— xnt. .. ...
$10—676 Bryant street, near Third.
$10 — B7S Bryant street, near Third.
A— SMALL offlce and desk room In light,
pleasant offlce. 39 Geary st. '
STORE to let with basement: best part Stock-
ton at.; lease. Inquire 1215 Stockton rt.
STORE. 2573 Market st: coming retail section;,
good opening for gents' cr dry goods.
DESK room to let. 515 Mills building.
FEUSO-TALS.
A-rMME. GILLINGHAM.
Complexion specialist., has opened offices at
131 Powell st. between O'Farrell aad Ellis;
she guarantees to remove every wrinkle.
crowfeet, bagginess of the . eyes, freckles,
lost contour, smallpox plttln— s. .etc. ; makes
you a new face, with genuine baby si— —4
all consultation free -and con—denUal, either:
by mall or person: I will taker patients .tor
' • the next SO days at greatly reduced rates.,
SHOULD this come under the eye of- FRANK
CRABTREE. or friends, will confer a favnr
to his ststsr. who was separated in 1S6O.
when ta>ry jroung. natives of Oregon, by art-
• d— suing MRS. MARY FUSTINE. Colma.
Saa Mateo County, Cal.
ITEM FROM THE PRESS.
"A man who Inspires confidence; one whose
advise is ta be sought." Decidedly a con-
spicuous character. "Osirlni," student of
Egyptian occult ism: consultations In persoa or
by mall. Open Monday; 871 Geary st
IP this should meet the eye of SAMUEL rr
ELIJAH FILER their sisters, MARY ANN
and ANNA MARIA, are anxious- to know
their whereabouts. Address .-Hlndmanh- P.
O. . Adelaide. South Australia. Ens"#ri
papers please copy. ' .
SHOULD this come under the eye of JAME3
H. CMEARA or any of his acquaintances
will confer a favor on his -widowed mother
by addressing MJtS. M. McEVOY. Weaat-
chee. Chelan Count?,. Washington.
DR. ROWELL' S Fire of Life, a sure cure for
rheumatism, paralysis, ceuralgia, pneumonia,"
sure threat, etc. Sold by ail druggists for
over 20 years; price 50c. Manufactured solely
by ROWELL & BROWN. 32 Turk st. 3. V.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im--
proves its growth, stops falllng.cures dandruff
and itching scalp: no stain, or stickiness;
Cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers' :ac-
cept nef substitute. Star RemedyCo..loOS Pott.
THE FOUNDATIONS OF LIFE.
An exposition of the nature, origin and des-
tiny of man. Nothing like It has appeared in
print sine* "The -Vestiges • of Creation."
Sent to any address on receipt of price, • 23c.
by J. BALL. 1073'.$ Market st.. S. F. •
WE secure pensions for soldterr and patents
for inventors; we also incorporate compa-
nies; full particulars free. FREER ft
BARTLOW. Washington. D. C. .
PROF. DE LOUTS KY; dermatologist; Parisian
methods; all facial blemishes permanently
removed. 327 Geary St.. cpp.- St. Trancls:
open Sundays - -
DURING the month of August we will tea^h
halrdresslng, manicuring, shampooing, -scalp
treatment and dermatologist- business; . terms
reasonable. 524 Ellis. The Iroquota. room 3£5.
Cancerous lumps, sores. Impure blood (affecting
skin, mouth, bones, etc.) speedily cured by
skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Centra I
Pharmacy. 323 Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
RAO carpets -wove' to order and fo* saler also
chenille-wore rugs, silk portiers; -dealer in
carpet twine In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews." 703 Fifth, st. Oakland.
ADVERTISING WORLD, Columnua. Ohio,
monthly Journal of information." plans, sug-
gestions and ideaa for advertising. Send to-
day for free sample, or 10c for 4 months* trt->.
INITIAL appearance cf Mrs. J. Xf. Wood, os-
teonetlc spectalHt for rheumatism. - nervous-
ness; < original. -effective, certain. -371 Geary.
AT less than coat; uncalled for suit*, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
.Tailor. 721 Market st •_,
YOU can buy $73 worth of furniture for $7 50
. down and $1 80 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 340 Post St.. near Powell.
G. — GLAD you are happy; lonesome here: b-j
good. When do you return?. v G-
STENZIE — Sur* death to hair without tnjury
to skin. Ask Dunlap Instl.. 50 Geary, about it.
LADIES and gentlemen, you will find best hair
tonic In the world at 1S10 Sutter St..
ELEGANT suit to crd?r & 1 ex. pair pants.tlS.
LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mkt. St.. bet. 7th and Sth.
MRS. WHEELOCK removed (La Verite hair-
dressing parlors) to C45 Market, next Palace.
MAGNIFICENT diamond ring, nearly 3 carats.
$250. CA.RIN. 133 Montgomery si-
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by etec-
tric needle. Mrs.Dr.A.W.Traverse.ll70 Market
TAILOR-MADE* suit $7 50; dress panto $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bu«?i and Dopont.
Actlna restores last eyesight: cures deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO.. 352* 19th. nr. Valencia.
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist 369 Sut-
ter. r. 600. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, room 33.
M \^QL'ERADE costumes* p!ay books." w!gs>;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN &CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to 1U natural color; $1; at all druggists'.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisement.* and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market st.. opposite Fifth.
Open ur.tll 11 p. m.
For'Aaii ticraal Classifled A_7erU._ema_t3
See Paara 43. ¦¦ - »COMMERCIAL NEWS
TUOLUMNE RIVER AT LA GRANGE.
til • 1 Second Feet.
DATES.
N ' 1903. 1901.
July2t 47i 220«~
J u )y25 561 1814
J«y26 651 1725
J"]y 27 B2l 15g5
July 28 502 1I0O
Juy2» 522 1383
July 30 4Q7 [
This report includes water taken out in M<>
desto and Turlock Irrigation District canals.
SACRAMENTO RIVER- AT IRON CANTON^
I Second Feet.
DATE.
1903. 1904.
July 24 6220 7<MO
July 25 644O 7840
July 2« {S44O 757(>
July 27 B22f» 7570
July 28 fl22O 7370
July 29 ft«0 j 7,'»7f>
July 80 5l'2O. I 7570
TULE RIVER AT McFARLAND'S RANCIL
dTt^ _Second i Vet.__
1903. 1904.
July 24 * 27 "15
July 25 27 ¦ 14
July 26....;..... «7 14
July 27.. 26 14
July 28 25 "1.1
July 29 25 13
July 30 24 12
KINGS RIVER AT RED MOUNTAIN.
Second Feet.
DATE.
' 1003. 1904.
July 24 1470 1780
J"Jy II 1035 16S5
J»y26 1033 173O
July 2 070 18.10
July 2S j>70 16S5
! July 29 910 143O
! July 30 010 1205
The vessels on the overdue list are
quoted for reinsurance as follows*
Pionier, 35 per cent: Earnmount, 10
per cent, and Remonstrant, 25 ncr
cent. -'
5B> The, Overdue List.
A sloop belonging to J. Kauff went
ashore at. the breakwater off Mel^s
wharf yesterday afternoon and in try
ing to tow the craft onVthe owner
capsized the yacht's aingey, but was
pulled on board by his crew just be
fore the water reached his chin. The
sloop was,not damaged.
Sloop Goes, on Breakwater.
According to a bulletin issued by the
Chamber of Commerce of Cadiz, the
production of cork in Spain is esti
mated at 28,450,718 pounds. That of
Portugal 32.513.104 pounds. Algeria
and other cork, producing countries,
together, about 20.321.940 pounds,
making the world's total annual cork
production 81,217.7 CO pounds. .The
export of cork in sheets from Spain in
1902 amounted to 9.525.4 00 pounds.
The quantity of manufactured corks
for bottle stopping purposes from
Spain in 1002 amounted to 2.032.
115.000'. valued at 30.347,000 pesetas,
the figures for 19O3> bein* 1,1 «8»
<56,000 at 32,677,000 pesetas.
Production of Cork.
"I-I-I asked Totsy this m-m-morn
ing if he w-w-would marry again if I
d-d-d-died, and he
"What! Did he tell you he would?"
"X-n-no, that's what's the matter.
He j-j-just looked at me aa if I had
accused him of b-b-beinjj crazy and
said in the awfulest way: •Wtll. I
should say not!' And Oh. Kitty, It
was the way he said It — boo-ho-hoo!"
— Baltimore American. *
The AVay He Said It.
The young -wife sat weeping: bitterly.
Her best friend stole softly in and
put her arms about her, saying:
"What's the matter, Dolly?"
"Oh. I am so miserable." she walled.
"Well, what has caused It?"
To New -iork— ofl.620 gals wine. 24 S70 lbs
dry hides. 84 flasks quicksilver. 73 bdls blot
ting paper.
To Mexico — 14,550 lbs rice. 98 pkga pota
toes. 4 bxs fresh fruits, 10 cs raisins 5
machinery. 4710 lbs soda. ' p s
To. Panama— 270 bbls flour, 25,751 ft lumber
8 pkgs paints, 1 coll rope. • ""»"«.
The Bteamshlp City of Sydney sailed yes
terday for Ancon. Canal Zone and way ports
with an assorted merchandise cargo, valued
at fC5,655, to be distributed as follows: For
Centra! America. $32,516: Mexico. $1063: Pan
ama. $29T2; New York. $23,104. The principal
exports were as follows:
To Central America — 1638 bbls flour, 3430
gals 62 cs wine. 149 cs whisky, 53s lbs lard,
1446 lbs spices, 2 cs beer. 97 cs assorted (can
ned goods, 2a ca table preparations. 924 lbs 2
ca bread. 38 pkgs fresh fruits, 722 lbs 4 cs
meals. 171 pkgs potatoes, 22 pkgs onions. 56.
fiOl lbs rice. 33 pkgs groceries and provisions.
22 pkgs paste. 493 lbs cheese, C3O lbs raisins
52.343 lbs tallow, 5200 lbs lampblack, 102
pkss paints and oils. 8 cs nails. 1123 ft hard
wood. 2OK» lbs copper, 4 pKgs ammonia 5
bales skins. SO bdls paper. 8 cs fuse. 76 pkgs
machinery. 1917 lbs candle wax. 3023 lbs soda
14 bxs soap, IjV- ft lumber. 6 cs coal oil
2U0O lba bluestone. 30 bbls cccoanut oil 35
pkss dry goods. 21 cs cartridges, 45 'bdls
Iron.'
Exports by the Panama Steamer.
Speaker Cannon, at one of the din
ners that he gives in Washington
(these dinners are strictly limited to
one hour), talked about mean rich men.
"The meanest rich man In Illinois,"
he said, "lives In Vermllllon County.
He Is a bachelor, and we'll call him
Crust. One day the superintendent of
the local cemetery told his lot salYs
man to call on Crust and sec If he
couldn't work oft a cemetery lot on
him. The salesman set out with a
hopeless air, and In a half hour he was
hack again. 'No go,' he said. 'Couldn't
get him, eh?' said the superintendent.
'No.' said the salesman. *H» admitted
that I reasoned well, and that the lots
-were fine ones, but he said that If he
bought he mightn't get the value of his
money in the end.' 'Why,' said the
superintendent, 'there's no fear of that.
The man will die some day. won't he 7"
'Yes,' said the salesman, 'but he says
he might be lost at sea.' "—Collier's
Weekly.
One of Speaker Cannon's.
The steamship China sailed yesterday for
Hongkong via Honolulu with a general mer
chandise cargo valued at $:;53,677. exclusive
of treasure, to be distributed as follows: For
China, $344,276; Philippine Islands. $4912;
East Indies. $3004; Siam. $136O. and Egypt
$125. The following were the leading ex
ports:
To China— 7323 bbls flour. 448.162 lbs pig
lead. 1380 bales cotton domestics, 3C3 bales
drills, 2147 bales sheetings. KSO Ib3 ginsensr.
10,800 lbs ham and bacon, 3050 lbs codfish
15,979 lbs cheese. 982 cs assorted canned
goods, 142 cs canned salmon. 24,033 lbs cof
fee, 325 pkgs fresh fruits. 5U5 pkga groceries
and provisions. 24,222 lbs sugar, 4443 lbs dried
fruit. 2977 gals wine. 130 cs liquors. 6 cs
whisky, 614 gals rum. 400 lbs 11 cs bread,
970 lbs chocolate, 600 lbs raisins. 5450 lbs
dried fish, 20 cs preserved cherries, 210 lbs
hops. C22 lbs beans, «5S lbs dried peas. 1544
lbs 19 cs meals, 25S pkgs table preparations.
108 pkgs paste. 83S lbs nuts. 11 kegs olives.
300 lbs lard. 11 pkgs plumbing material. 3.1.
65O lbs 10 pkgs seaweed. 62 rolls leather. 760O
lbs scrap brass. 19 pkfrs machinery. 2O bales
hay, 1513 ft lumber. 33 pkgs electrical sup
plies, 8 cs snuff. 1095 cs cigarettes. 6 cs
soap, 24 pkgs drugs and sundries, 30 pkgs
dry goods and notions. 11 cs arms and am
munition. 70S5 lbs tin foil. 9 pkgs paints, 6
cows.
To Philippine Islands— 7600 lbs meal, 2750
lbs bread, 125 cs assorted canned goods. 1500
lbs coffee. 100 bxs soap, 10 pkgs hardware,
3 cs hats, 1 cs shoes, 1 cs paper, 1 cs dry
goods.
To East Indies — 200 cs canned salmon. 104
cs assorted canned goods. 370 gals wine. 33
pkgs groceries and provisions. 416 lbs cod
fish. 2240 lbs sugar. 5 pkgs furniture,- 4 bdU
paper. 2 bdls i>ipe. ,,'
To Slam — 3 pkgs groceries and provisions.
71 lbs ginseng. i> pkgs furniture, 1 cs dry
goods.
To Egypt — 10 cs salmon. 9 cs canned goods,
320 lbs lard, 4 cs table preparations.
The China's Cargo.
The BritlsH bark Norma was cleared yes
terday for Melbourne, Australia, with 932.913
ft lumber, 1327 doors, 72 pkgs agricultural
machinery and 15 pkgs furniture, valued at
NEWS OF THE OCEA
Cal C O 5s. IOII4104 I Oceanic S 6a. — 72%
m & ct &s. — S3 Om Cable 6s. — 124
Cal-st C os.ll2<£ — Pac G lm 4s. 92'^ 95^
C C Wat 6s. — • 101 P E Ry 6s..l04!&105
EdL ¦& P Cs.123 — P & C H 6S.103 —
F & C H 8s.ll2tt — P & O R 6s.Hl —
Geary-et 6s.. — 85 Powell-st 6s. — 114
H CAS 6%s.lOO — Sao EG&R5s. 99 100
Do 5s U9*il00'4 SF & SJ V5s. 117^1 17 %
Hon R T Bs.l0«%107 Sierra R 6s.. — 110
L A Elec 6s. — — S P of A 6s
L A Ry 5s. .115 — (19C9) — 107%
L A L Co 61 — (1610) 10S&1U9
Do gtd 6s. — — S P of C 6s
Do gtd 6s. — 103% <1905)Sr A. 10314 —
LAP lem 5s.l01»i — (1905)Er B. 104*4 —
Mkt-st C 6s.ll3T B — <100<i) 105«i —
Do lem Ss.116 — (191U) 116 117
MV& MtT5s.l00 — SPC 1 eg 6s. — 117%
NRR of C6a.ins — Do stampd.100 TOOVi
Do Bs m^llgiilS P B R 6s. — 1S3
N P C R 5s.l04»4105«4IS V Wat 6s.lO6% —
N C Ry 6s.. — 112 j Do 4s 2dm. 99^ 00%
N C P C 6s. — 100 I Do 4s 3dm. 98% —
N S R R 6s. 99%100%| Do g rntg4s 98 —
O a L&H 5s.l07 108 IStkn G&E6s. 93 —
O W ltd 5s. - 100 I U G & E 6s. — 108
"WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa SS 40 (Port Costa... — —
Marln Co... — 60 |s V Wat Co. 36% 37
. GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent LAP. ~8>4 8Ti|P F G & B. 61 61%
Mutual EL.— 14 |stkn G & E. 4% 5b
Pac L Co... 66% 58 |U G & E Co. — —
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd. — 340 |
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk..l25 130 |L P & A.... — 15S
Anglo-Cal .. 85 87 |Mer Trust ..210 —
Bank of Cal. 420 — IMerch Ex.... 60 —
Cal Safe Dp. — 150 IS F Natlonl. — —
First Natlonl — — |
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S A L. 225.0 2350 Sav & L So.. — 100
Hum S & L. — — Sec Sav Bk..375 405
Mutual Sav. — 105 Union T Co.. — —
S F Sav U.600 650 |
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — 200 | Presidio 38 43
Geary. — 23 |
POWDER.
Giant 60% 61%|Vlgorit .....— B
SUGAR.
Hana P Co.. — 20c IKIlauea S C. — 4
Hawaiian C. 62% 63 iMakawell *C. 23U 24
Honokaa S C 11% — lOnomea S C. 24 27%
Hutch SPC 8>i S%|Paauhau S C 13% 13%
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A. 126% 1 27 »J| Oceanic S Co. • 4U
Cal F C A. — 100 Vic Aux FA. 4% —
fA'r^i"*.^',^: 88 Fac c Bore. 157 —
MV& MtTm.100 —
6 Alaska Packers' Association.^.126 00
6 Alaska Packers' Association... 12« 50
5 Alaska Packers' Association... 11*7 25
1 ". Honokaa S Co 12 00
25 Spring Valley Water Co 36 75
51,000 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 5s.... 100 00
-$3,000 North Shore/5 per cent 100 00
11.000 Spring Valley 4s (2d mtge) 99 1*5
Street—
$7,000 Spring Valley 4s. (2d mtge) 99 00
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Thirty-three Oil Company, ex-dividend to
day. 10c; Imperial Oil Company, cx-divldend
to-day, 20c.
Oil Stock— ¦ Bid. Asked.
Associated Trust Certificate's'. "io 20
California Standard 15
Caribou 3 SO 4 ,"H»
Chicago Crude 16 20
Claremont S5 1 CO |
Four 64 70
Fulton 150
Hanford ....'. 165 00 175 00
Home 127% 140
Imperial 18 0»
: Independence 27 28
Kern 4 75 B 00
Kern River ..." 11 CO 12 00
Monarch (of Arizona) ;;o
Monte Crlsto . t;a
Occidental of W Va rw -....
Oil City Petroleum 66 5-S
Peerless • 13 50
Reed Crude 1 50
S F & McKlttrick 0 00
Sovereign 41
Sterling " • 2 05
Superior 07. ....
Thirty-three ~ S 23
T-wtnty- eight 8 60 9 00
AVest Shore 2 25 2 45 '
Associated Bonds 75 00
Monarch (pool) ¦. . 2t>
Kern (new) 23 ....
Wabash , 50* -
Miscellaneous —
Fischer's Theater FA ....
Honolulu Sugar 2100
Northern Cal Power_ ....:. 10 00
Morning Session.
4399 Associated 20
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. 'Ask. I' Bid. Ask. '
Bay CPC Cs. — 0*J j'SF & NP 5s. — 110%
H L Wat Gs. — 11" ISPCR 4s. — ICO |
Cal NAV 5s.. — 112%|S P Co 4%s.l00U —
M C Wat 5s. 100 — - Sun Tel'Ss... — 104
RIs I "Wks Cs — 105 Sutter-st R5s.lO5 113
SF Drdk 5s — HSVs UR of SF 4s. S4% £1>J
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co... 23 30 Nev 'Nat Itk.195 —
Cal Cot Mils SO — N S R R Co. 0>4 —
Cal G&ECor. — 60 N Cal P Co. 8 10
C. Jockey C1.11O 120 Oak'Kk Sav. 120 —
Car Powder.. — 150 Oak T Con.. 75 —
Cal Ship Co. — 23 IOOF Hall A 6 —
Cal T I & T.115 — Orpheum Co.. — I5?i
Cen Bk. Oak — C5 PacC Cas Co.130 —
Chutes Co . . — 7 Pac S Tel Co. — 103
City & C Bk — ¦ 120 Fao Sur Co.105 —
Cyn L Imp.. — \ 7 Paraf Paint.". 33 —
East Dynm..23O — S r Drydock. 60 —
DpntPwd pfd — 85 - SF&SJ Coal. — . 25
¦ Do com .-.-'— 50 S J Wat Co. — 100
FN Bk Oak.120 — SO &MTgbt.l25 —
Fischer" Thtr — 75c Swiss- A Bk.. 115 —'
Frnch-A Rk.105 110 . Truck Elect... 11 ¦,—
Hono P Co.. 21% 25 UR InC pfd. 48% 49«i
Lon& SF Bk — 60 Do com .-.. 11 —
Mat Xav Co. — 90 '
. SALES.
• . ' Moraine Session.
Board —
$3,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent. SI S5 '
Tht following t*bl« gives a comparative
statement for two years of the estimated flow
of certain California rivers In cubic feet per
second, or second feet. Tha figures for ths
last year may be revised by later measure
ments. The figures are by "W. B. Clapp,
hydrogrspher. United States Geological Survey:
FLOW OP CALIFORNIA WVERS.
. Horses are bought every summer by
commissions of veterinary surgeons
and army officers. They pay about J1S0
each for horses between 3 and 4 years
of age, and send them on trial to four
depots, where they are kept one year
under scientific training to develop the
characteristics necessary In cavalry
horses. Nine thousand are needed each
year, but 5 per cent more are bought.
They run free in paddocks and sheds
on the depot farms, are groomed ten
minutes a day and fed the regular ra
tion of twelve pounds of hay, seven and
a half of oats and fifteen of straw each
day, with green food part of the year.
Each regiment has a certain number
of horses condemned each year and
sends a squad to the depot for an equal
number of new horses. There is al
ways a reserve of several thousand la
the Government depots and In an
emergency a considerable reserve force
can be mounted without delay and
without the uncertainty due to buying
on contract.
Austria has a horse population of
nearly 4,000.000. but the Government
maintains its own breeding farms for
cavalry horses. In Germany the mat
ter of obtaining remounts has been re
duced to an almost perfect system un
der Government paternalism. The
Government provides fine-bred stal
lions at convenient posts throughout
the country and in return for this serv
ice every horse owner is required to
bring his animal to the local "horse
muster" once'in ten years. From the
muster are exempt stallions, horses un
der 4 years old or those which are blind
In both eyes, mares with foal and horses
working in mines. The muster serve3
to 5 show exactly the available "horse
strength" of the nation.
HORSES BOUGHT BY OFFICKRS.
The problem of supplying the cavalry
with new horses to take the places of
thos& grown Old or disabled In service,
says the author of "The Cavalry
Horse," Is better solved m Germany
than in any other country.
The foundation of the solution In
every land Is a thorough knowledge of
the "horse population." Our own cen
sus report shows more than 21,000,000
horses of all sorts and ages. Our army
needs 8000 annually for all purposes)
and buys them on contract, paying an
average" price of $75. The cavalry
horses are the best of these. They ar©
bought when five years old and th»
price for them Is above the average.
average- price of $75. Tha cavalry
man has his own animal and trains it
himself.
Russia, the only nation which ha«
more horses than America, counts 25,
000,000 in Europe and Asia. The Rus
sian Government buys very young
horses and trains them hard, with the
exception of those for Cossack regi
ments. The Cossacks are master train
ers and educate their own horses. Great
Britain and France each has 3,000,000
horses. France, with an annual "re
mount" in time of peace of 13.000 horses
had to buy in America In the war of
1871. •
GREAT BRITAIN'S SUPPLY SHORT
Great Britain uses only about 2000
remounts a year and does not supply
every cavalryman with a horse. In
deed, for 24,000 cavalrymen In the Brit
ish armv there are but' 16,000 horses.
This proportion is maintained on the
theory that a certain percentage of the
men are always sick or otherwise unfit
for duty and do not need the mounts.
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange yesterday:
ilornins Session.
SCO Belcher ..... 10) SCO Mexican 7S
200 Challenge ... 19| ICO Overman 10
400 Chollar 121 300 Savage j-1
40O Con Cal & V.I 1S| BOO Scorpion <X>
50 Confidence ... C0|
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yestarday:
' Morning Session.
30O Belcher 13| 2CO Ophir .... 2 SO
300 Challenge ... 19i 10O Seg Belcher... . t4
400 Crown Point.. 11 200 Union Con -•»
500 Kentuclc • 02} 100 Yellow Jacket, li
TOXOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Brunswick .. 15|~ SCO Rescue 11
: 1100 MacNaraara . 41|2S50 Ton Gold Mt. 2U
100 Mont Ton..2 42>4|l3C0 Ton Gold Mt. "1
2000 Qulncy ll| 400 Ton Midway.. 43
2000 Qulncy 1211300 Ton Midway.. 4S
1000 Red Top 14| 50 Ton of Nev.S S7'/i
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY, Au*. 6—12 m.
Bid.Ask.l Bld.Aslc.
Alpha OS 10! Justice 1<> 1-
AUa 05 07| Kentuclc 01 ttl
Andes 17 19IK. Graessler.. — 1 SO I
Bvicher 14 ] 5' Lady Wash .. — <M>
l>sr ft Belch. «() f>7,. Mexican 77 7«
Bullion 20 21 1 Occidental .;.. 81 85 1
Caledonia 3R 3SI Ophir 2 S5 2 40 j
Challenge ... IS 20 Overman 00 111
OSollar 11 12 Potosl 14 18
Confidence ... 80 70 Scorpion OS 10
C«n Cal & V.I 15 1 20 Savage 20 21
Con Imperial. — 01 Se* Belcher... »*8 C4
ConNY .... 02 03 Sierra Nev 20 22
Crown Point.. 10 121 Silver Hill &! 51 1
E Sierra Nev. 03 O€|St. Louis 07 — |
Eureka Con.. — f.0| Syndicate .... — fi5
Exchequer ... 49 B2| Union Con 23 24
Gould & Cur. 09 lOjUtah OS 09
Hale & Norc. 87 60 Yellow Jacket. 1« If
Julia 03 C6|
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid.Ask. Bld.Ask.
Colehan — 05 Ray Extension — CS
Columbia.... — 28 Ray & O'Brien 00 —
Esperanza . . . 0l N 03 Ray. Tonopah. . — 10
Gold Anchor. 2.T 28 Red Top 14 15
Goldfleld B&B 15 — Rescue 11 12
Goldfleld Nev. 90 — Ton Belmont.. 63 —
Goldfleld Ton. 10 — Ton & Cal ... — 21
Gold Mt Con. — 03 Ton Extension' flfl —
Jim Butler .. — 75|Ton Fraction.. 25 —
Little Ton .. — 60tTon & Gt W. 05 —
Lucky Tom.. — 051 Ton Gold Mt. 2<> 2t
MacNamara . 41 421 Ton Midway.. 43 49
MIrpah Exten 20 — Ton of Nev.. 8 00 8 2^
Mont Ton 2 40 2 45 Ton N Star .. — S2
N T Ton 03 04 Ton & S Lake 60 —
Paymaster . . 03 — United Ton . . — 00
Pine Grove.. M> — West End .... 19 —
Qulncy 11 —
Our Horse Population About
21.000.000 by rfie Census.
Eussia Has 25,000,000
WOKK OX A FINE SYSTEM
Officers of the German Army
Store Successful in Solving
Problem Thau Any Others
FINDING HORSES
FOR CAVALRY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST ' 7. 1904,
Continued from Page Forty-three.
42
I EOOMS AXTS BOAKD,
A REFINED family with elegant sunny aulte
cf fumlvhed rooms with running water and
bath wish etie or two choice boarders for
breakfast and dinner; grand marine view.
. Box S072, Call office. •__
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1031, nr.Jcfterson Park —
Furnished rooms; bath: private house; good
board »20 and $25. two $32 and $36 per month.
BRANNAN. 32C — Large sunny front room with
board for two: bato.
EDDY. 112S, opp. Jefferson Park— Fine furn.
sunny rooms; table beard; reas.; new raanag.
HOWARD, S41A— First-class board and room.
single or double. $5-$C wk.: American family.
Stevenson Mansion, opp. Grace Church, annex
S07 California — See rooms, learn prices, try table
TADLE board In private family. 615A Mason
st., near. Sutter.
VAN NESS,' 700 — Elecant sunny modern suite
for two; good table. - '. ¦ .
BOOM BENTOTP AOEMCT.
WE rent your rooms': hundreds of roomers call,
ing dally; don't delay seeing us. Room Rent-
ing Advertisers, 117 Sutter St.; phone Clay
OQti; office In rear of store upstairs.
I » BOOMS WANTED.
KNIGHTS TEMPLAR CONCLAVE.
SEPTEMBER. 1904.
Hotels, rooming house*, apartment houses,
boarding and private houses, lint your rooms
for visiting Knights Templar and their friends,
free of all charge, with the
CITY ROOM RENTING AGENCY,
1104 Marker st., rooms 3 and 4.
: XV. L. GROWALL. Chairman Hotel Committee.
I ¦WANTED— Suite of 3 or 4 furnished house-
keeping rooms; near Golden Gate Park.
Box 30C5. Call. ¦
WANTED — 2 or 3 unfur. rooms east of Van
Ness ave.; full partlc; price. Box 3050, Call.
( BY lady, 2 sunny unfurnished rooms; private;
| cheap; refs.; state terms. Box 2818, Call.
LADY wishfs sunny furnished room in private
family. $6. Box 30S2. Call.
prVXDEITD WOTZOSS. '
DIVIDEND notice — The Giant Powder Co., Con
A dividend. No. 68, of fifty c«nts (60c) par
chare cr. the Issued capital stock of the com-
pany has been declared, payable at the offlc*
of the company, rooms 202. 204 and 206 Hay-
ward bldg., fcan Francisco, on Aug. 10, 1904.
Transfer books cloee Aug. 3. 1904 at noon.
R. H. RENNIE. Secretary Pro Tern. >
STOBAOE AHX> WAREHOUSES.
A— GILBERT & STOLL Storage Co.; storage,
racking, shlpptng: warehouse, G. G. and Van
Xeas; office 1170 Market, r. 43^; tel. South 750.
A— EMPORIUM Storag* & Va^j Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard St., nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co., 3 Eddy st.;
phone. Mint 2941; JOHN F. COOPER, pres.;
_furnlture packed, ehipped and stored.
PIERCE-RODOLPH "storage & Moving Co., of-
fice Post and Powell sts.; tel. Pri. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S Storage— Furniture and merchan-
dlse. 833 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 126.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made. 840
Mission St.; tel. Howard 041. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore at.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
i st.; tel, Main 1S40. Shipping at cut rates.
srjgntwG^MAjgHi wtbs Airo s trpy i.ij a.
THE. new retail office of the White Sewing
Machine Co. Is now open at 915 Market
st. A great collection of beautiful art
work is being shown, all mad* on the White.
This office will be the coast sewing machine
headquarters.
: DOMESTIC— The machine for family use; beot
is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price: all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
j tic office. 1021 Market St.. near Sixth.
SPECIAI. yOTICES.
Ladles! Ch!chester*s English Pennyroyal Pills
are best; tafe. reliable; take no other. Send 4o
•tamps for particulars. "Relief for Ladles"
l?J'£ te !> bj L[ elurn m » IL Ask your druggist.
Chlchester Chemical Co.. Philadelphia. Pa.
__8T^KS_AlTOJBOBnDSJPOB SAAB.
F ?J* * al «— 70 °0 «hares of the capital stock"©!
the Glen Cove Land and Transportation Com-
pany. Box 2S73. Call offlc*.
Vr H A i T Ott A T * tor |70 ° «tock; Witter Mineral
Springs Co.; must sell. Box 2011. Call office.
: _ _ _ TOIEASE.
TO rent or lease— A good vise store In Ochsner
building, adjoining Postoffiee, K 8 t.. between
Seventh and .Eighth; a good opportunity tS
8Vr™?. Be "V n . tbe beSt fcusln?ss iwtlon of
Sacramento. Apply at premises or 112 Beulah
st.. San Franclsmo. JOHN OCHSNER.
AT Melbourne InsUtute. Van Ness and Market
is taught celebrated Melbourne system; only
Melbourne In U. S.; private; established \l
years In 8. F. Tel. Mint 2626 from 1 to o pm.
BIARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage license* were Issued
} esterdax t
Clark" •«• ">T S Ul 1 n - 30 - Clty> "« Ann * N -
ciark. .8, b07 Buchanan street.
Joseph Villeneuve, :u 126 Fourth strr«» and
Lulu Halloran. 25. 'lO74 Howard I street '
Louis Pauker. 37, 1110 Mission street and
Rebecca Feinsteln. 22. 1063H Howard streeU
on* rl J t^°° s l n 'J 2 ' 1M8 Washington street.
wi^? rOt w 25. 1036 Washington.
William H. Klees, 28. 8 Lewis street, and
Dora Htttlnger. 23. 2045 Fifteenth avenue
Doutn.
Archie McAllister 21 460>4 Natoma street
and Kittle Gill. 20," 110S P street
William Stromberg. 26. 725 Pine street, and
M VI M^ R ° s *n°latt. 23. 808 Mission street.
John /W. Pactrlck. 43. Sonora, and Mary R.
Anderson. 40 Sonora
William T. Chalmers. 31. 332 Chnrch street,
and Louise J. de Gamma, 22. 640 Grove street
w I , bert » Pl i c '- J S< \ 7 * AIe «n»ny «treet, and
Regina M. Reed. 34. 5*i Alemany street
ConsUntlne M. Mooslin, 28 523 McAllister
Btreet. and Josephine Bamett, 26. 935
Buchanan street. .
Mlna Viola. 18. 703 Stockton street.
L. W llliams. 30. 722 Leavenworth street
Jack H. Fluren. 21, Sonoma, and Mae-" Tt~.
Johnson. 18, Sonoma.
William F. McKannay 28. 618a" Mason
fctreet. and Kathryne V. Farrell, 21 923H
Howard street. " .
James E. Kenney, 21. 122 Ninth street, and
Mary C. Miller, 20. 122 Ninth street.
Jchn E. Egglcr. 28, Pinole, and Hannah
Cullinane, 24. 600 Stevenson street.
Henry M. Vlckery. 25, Oakland, and Cath-
arine Langbehn. 27. Berkeley.
B. Frank . Teague. 39. Exeter, and Nannie
Fife, 85, Cambridge. .
William V. Mlskel Jr., 29. Ifi2 Perry street,
and Minnie Donovan. 20. M9A Brannan street
George W. Coombes. 21. 424 Montgomery
avenue, and Elizabeth E. Clawson, 20, 323
Montgomery avenue. ' •
William J. Callahan. 25, 504 Fourth street,
and Anna M. Flachmeyer, 25, 24 Hunt street.
B1RTBS— MAERIAQES— DEATHSL
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. Th»y must bo handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
free of charge. -
BORN.
ANTHONY— In Sebastopol. Sonoma County
August 4. 1904. to the wife of Abe Anthony.'
a daughter. ,..,.» . .....
BORKHEIM— In thii city. July 19, 1904, to
the wife of A. L. Borkheim, twin sons -•
KELLY— In this city. July 29, 1904 to the
wife of J. C. Kelly, a son.
LUTTRINGER— In this city. July 30. 1904 to
the wife of Charles Luttringer Jr.. a son
NEISH— In this city. August 4, 1804 to th*
wife of W. Y. Nclsh. a son.
BCHOENFELD— In this city, July 26 1904
to the wife of Joseph Schoenfcld, a son. '
STOKES— In this city. July 13. 1904, to the
wife of George W. Stokes, a daughter.
SULLIVAN — In this city July 23 1904 to
the wife of Edward P. Sullivan, a daughter
t0 thC »"«-*.-<*»i;
MARHIED. "
C ° A1 \ D J^ SM , ITH ~~ In Shanghai. China. June
20. 11)04. George F. Coard of New York and
> lorence E. Smith, daughter . of Fred L
Smith of San Francisco.
MIILLIN— JOHNSON— In this city, July 26
1004. by the Rev. Father Flanagan. Hugh
P.-Mulllh of this city and Honolulu J. John-
son of Sonoma.'
ROWND-^JACOBS— In this city. August B
10O4. by the Rev. F. M. Larkin. Harry J.
Kownd and Virginia B. Jacobs, both of this
TROY— WHITE^-ln Los Angeles July 22
1904. at St. Joseph's Church, by the Rev'
. Father Victor. Robert P. Troy of San Fran-
cisco and Mra. Hortense. S. White of Los
Angeles. : - . : .. _ ; . .
« DIED. ~~
Barry. Bridget. ' Langlotz, Frederika
Carrieres. Theophile Lebrecht, Dollie A
Cotter, . Mamie E. Mangan, Elizabeth -
."¦_/ FAXMXSTRY.
• READ ebout the wonderful 1S3IAR, the Gypsy.
• if. £>&ge 3_.
• llrs.Wb!iney.r*lmlit;t.cur» 10 lo 12.2 to 8,Sun.;
Tfcur. <-\g. readings; admlrslon 15c 711 PclX
2IADAM!: Dcvers. i.almist and astrologer,
• ¦ Llebes bldg. Yi'i Post it. Hours. 10 to 6.
*1ML\ NLKltGAP.D. lurated at 242 1'ost; hours
1 to S dally. Phone J.iir.cs 1. Classes.
_ PAETSEES WANTED.
PARTNER, established business; small capi-
. lal. McDUHMlD. 1014 Broadway. Oakland.
__; PATEWTS.^
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torcey-at-law. C Hobart b!dg.. 632 Market st.
PHOTOOEAPHT TAUGHT.
LESSONS evenings In photography for ama-
teurs. Call No Percentage Drug Co., 94»
¦ Market tt.
_PHTSiciAjrs Axpsjjnaiiova.
'DP. c C. OTONXELL- Oface and residence,
lC21'j Market St.. »>et. Cth and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases cf women.
ELOOD Fkir. ewi rec'.al diseases a specialty.
¦ DR. BALL. 11T7^?> Market St.
r.EMOVCT — r>Tt. WONG IJIM. h*rb doctor,
treat* all >. >ci«r« o" th« human body: fcr
pa»t four years at 115-117 Mason et.. now lo- I
caied at CC7 Grary st., near Leavenworth.
WONG WOO the famous herb doctor— All dis-
. rases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay at.
DR. XVONG HON. Cl» Pow«ll et., tea and herb
sanitarium: £ls«as«s skillfully treated.
. BOOKS rOE HOUSEKEEPING.
ARIEL fiats. 631 Turk— 2 and 3 room cults.
furnished and unfurnished, for housekeeping.
XJEVISADERO. S41. near Panhandle — Large
lovely «unny room; phone; hskpg. if desired.
¦BRADY, C, two doo:a trom Market, near 12th
— Eunr.y houeekpg.; large yard; $7 and $10.
EDDY. 621 — Three cicely furnished rooms for
housekeeping.
ELEVENTH ave. South. IMS — 3 rooms, coxn-
r'.ete for housekeeping, (15; 3 for $10.
ELLIS. 147S — Three furnished rooms for house-
keeping; sun all day.
ELLIS, 1803. nr. Scott — 2 large furnished
:ocms, housekeeping; gas; phone; bath; J12.
FIRST. 22S. nr. Howard— 5 sunny, house-
' kN-plng roeme; business center; rent mod-
¦ntc ' . • :.:.'
FOLSOJf. 870 — Suite cf front, sunny rooms.
FornTH. 225— Nice large room fpr house-
keeping.
FOURTEENTH. 706 — Punny. furnished house-
keeping rooms; adults.
Ft.'I.TON. S22— Nlctly furnished rooms for
¦ hous' keeping.
CEARY. 441— Housekeeping room to let.
GEARY. 1042 — Two newly furnished eunny
.front rooms; housekeeping, complete; reas.
GOLDKN GATE avT. G31— Nicely furnished
•rooms for housekeeping.
GOLDKN GATE a\e.. *1202— 2 pleasant house-
kpg. rooms; large kitchen ;comp. ; run. water.' j
GCEBRERO. 930. bet. ilst and 22d— Furnlsh-
• cd rouins for housekeeping; no children.
HARRISON, 74S— Suite parlors; gas range,
grate, bath, laundry. 6unny.front; rear suite.
HtJtVAllD. 719'-i — Housekeeping rooms; also
ether rooms; clean: sunny; reasonable.
HOWARD. 105S — Sunny housekeeping rooms;
rpnt reasonable.
HOWARD. 1971— Part of new modern unfur-
nithf-d Cat of 3 cr 4 rooms cheap to right
larty.
HYl-'F I'OS — Rooms for housekeeping; reason-
ebl>."
HYDE. 154t>— Sunny, single or housekeeping
rooms.
JESSIE. 3C3 — Large eunny front parlor; fur-
nished housekeeping; gas range; $3 50 week.
KEARNY. 104— Sunny. bay-window front
suite; $11; unfurnished; adults.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine—
Fiiiinv. furnished 3-r/x>m suites; steam heat-
td. electric llght«-d; fre« baths; rates reas.
LEAVEXWORTH. 1313—3 nicely furnished
rooms for housekeeping: gas range; bath.
LIBRARY blcig.. Van N>s; and Golden Gate
ti.\ — Suites and sunny unfur. rooms; reas.
MARKET. IS24— Nicely furnished housekeep-
ing rooms; complete; rent reasonable.
Mt ALLISJTEIt, CSS— 2 cr 3 unfurnished rooms
fur housekeeping; regular kitchen; call be-
fore 4.
MrALLISTER. 105«— 2 or 3 eunny fur. rooms;
hou«?kj jr. : gas and coal stove; bath; phone.
MISSION. 143:1— Sunny, housekeeping room;
i-s- and running water.
OAK. ill — Four punny rooms, complete for
hrkusekftriiig. gas etove. bath.
OAK. 117. 6.TS McAllister— Rooms, complete;
$5 to (12; gas range, hot bath; adults.
OCTAVIA. 411— Two furnUhed housekeeping
rocms. $12; gas. Monday. *
OFAJtRELL, 126 — One large sunny housekeep-
ing nr,; gas stove; running water; $3 60 wk.
O'FARRELL. 1334— Nicely furnished sunny'
front housekeeping suite in new cor. flat; $10.
POLK. 522 — Nicely furnished sunny suites for
housekeeping: 2 and 3 rooms; S18 and $20.
POST. 9V2 — Nicely furnished eunny front suite;
gas. bath, phone, water; complete; $14 month.
6OUTH PARK, 137—2 or 3 nicely furnished
housekeeping rooms; reasonable.
TAYLOrt, flli — Furnished suite, gas range,
folding bed $12 60; single, folding bed. $6 60.
THE Virginia. 1005 Powell St.— O*nplete for
hskpg. ;lum.or unfum.apartmt?; bay window;
marine view; bath, range. Phone Red 882.
TWELFTH. 122 — Housekeeping rooms; fur-
nished complete; adults.
TWENTY- FOURTH. 3174— Fnrnisbed rooms;
housekeeping.
V WEN TY- FOURTH. 3174 — Housekeeping
rooms to rent.
THIRTEENTH. 232— One or two rooms, fur-
clshcd for light housekeeping.
THIRTEENTH. 232— Nic-e housekeeping rooms.
VALLEJO. 1118— Nicely furnished eunny up-
r«r floor; complete for housekeeping; rent
reasonable.
VAN NESS, 21— Nice furnished front parlor.
kitchen, itas. etc.; reasonable: location fine.
VAN NESS tie.. S7— I rooms to Jet; $1 75 ml
$3 per wc*k; suitable for light housekeeping.
VAN NESS ave. 2T2— Fur. housekeeping, sin-
gle and 2-rwni suites; $6. $10. $18. $18.
WALLER. 71— Kine tunny rooms, furnished or
unfurnished. f7 up; rew house: grand view.
WEBSTER. 1223—3 or 4 very desirable house-
keeping ro"rr.»: phone and bath.
APABTMEKT HOUSES.
_ - _ |
A— EL DHIRCO APARTMENTS
COR. PACIFIC AVE. AND IJRODERICK
4 and 5 rooms, furnished or unfurnished;
command* an unsurpatircd view cf the entire
city, uctan and bay; your inspection solicit-
ed; beet of references required.
MRS. N. FOSTER. LESSEE.
ALSO FltKE and for EXCLUSIVE use of
the LESSEES, unique GRILL, complete in'
cxery detail, a cljarming place to entertain
one's friend*. BILLIARD and CARD ROOM
cdjeicing.
ST. LOUIS. 1S7S Jackran ct. — Modern 3-4-3
reom»: furn. ->r unforn.: ref*. Tel. Ks«t 1350.
APARTMENTS WANTED.
WANTED — Furnished apartment. 6 rooms- vi-
clnlty Van ?:*¦** gnd Sacto. IJox 200*. Call.
EOOMS TOJT.ET— r<u^ua TTararn.
A— THE AUDITORIUM HOTEU
THE AUDITOIUUM HOTEL.
115 AND 117 EDDY ST
115 AND 117 EDDY FT
MOST MODERN AND UI'-TO-DATE HO-
Ttl. DOTVNTOWN: ISO rooms; :15 81T1TFS
W1TJ*. PRIVATE HATH: nLECTKl"'
LIGH1S: STEAM HEATED THROUGH-
out: teli;pho:jw in every room-
SUITES WITH HATH. $1 U> IX) $2 50 PFP
DAY: SINGLE ROOMS. 75c to $1; HO'
WATEU DAY AND NIGHT. TELEPHONE
ASIXWODTH HOTEL. *
220 Msftn el, brt. Geary and O'FarrelL
Kor.jj>* with or without private bath.
New addition Just completed; entire hou:*>
«*»)>• ttrnovfctcd: tun In rooms nil day.
A— IinUXSIVICK H.u«e. 148 Sixth st.— Room*
25c to $1 v*r nt?ht 51 25 to $5 per week cad
light IioumI.i. -j.liss rooms; open alt nlglu.
A — XiCWAlll), 17C3 — Largo t-ur.ny alcove, suit-
•tie lor cue or two gentlemen. •
BOOMS TO LET — Farn. and Vnfnrn. j
A NKATLY /urnlshed room, cheap. Call 88J
Haight et., Monday.
A NICE sociable and inexpensive home In Mis-
sion, neer Market ft., tor gentleman; good
board. Box 2931. Call effice. ; v
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market tt. (or No. 1
Klfth «t)-Uoomr, 23c. 60c. SL *1 60 night;
(1 r-0 to $10 week; hours ojxn all night.
LIELSiOND House, over Oivl drugstore, 2 en-
tracces, llv»5 Market and 21 Turk — Electric
lights; running water In every room: 200
rooms: L7> to 50c per night; $1 25 to S3 w«ek.
BT .".-;] I, SCO — Sunny alcove room, suitable for
two crentlemen; rercrence required.
BUSH. 1000. ctr. Jcncs — Sunny corner rooms,
en tuite or single; reasonable.
BUSH, IIS.;— Furnished rooms, hot and cold
water; reasonable.
CASTIiO. 425. near 17th — Furn!§hed room ault-
able for one or two persons.
CRAGBL'RN (Thf). 1007 Larkin. cor. Post.—
Sunry nicely furnithed rooms: single, en
rulte, housekeeping apartments; running
water, bath?; rates reasonable.
EDDV. 110 — I.iTinMcn — Xlc« furnished rooms;
lccaticn; respectable; reasonable.
EDDY. 210 — Nice sunny furnished rooms from j
II 00 week up. /*" * !
EDDY. Si::— Furnished front room, suitable for
two: riivatc lmnily; reasonable.
i EDDY. 432— Elegantly furnlohed sunny par-
; lor suite and bath; also single room.
EDDY. 623— Two furnlthed rooms to let.
EIGHTH ave.. 574, near museum — 2 parlors j
partly furnished; slng-Ie furnished. j ¦
ELEVENTH, 21— Sunny rooms, furnished or
unfurnished: running water; references.
ELEVENTH. 1C7. Oaklanfl— Newly furnished '
sunny room; handy to iJi train?; reasonable.
ELLIS. 603 — Nicely furnished parlor and ad- ;
Joining- room; together or separately. {
• j :
ELLIS, 1SS5— Furnished sunny room; other
rooms, J5. * ,
FIFTH. ST>3 — Single furnished rooms. $.">: also
2 or 3 housekeeping. 112 60 and *13 60.
FOURTH ST.. 5— » nicely furnished sunny
rooms; terms reasonable.
FRANKLIX, 721. near G. G. ave.— Sunny fur-
nished front rooms; all convenlences;$ll&412.
FRANKLIN. 1518 — Sunny rooms, with board,
for gents ; ail conveniences/ %
FREDERICK. 357— One furnished or unfur-
nished rocm to let.
FL'LTON'. 442— Furnished rooms to let; rea-
sonable.
FURNISHED or unfurnished rooms, with or .
without housekeeping; also rooms with board;
full, particulars; no charges. Room Renting
Advertisers. 117 Sutter St.; OFFICE IN '.
REAR OF STORE. UPSTAIRS. '
FURNISHED room and board with Spanish .
family at 11C6 Clay st. j
GOLDEN GATE ave., 439—1 furnished room. J
GOLDEN GATE AVE.. 521— Furnished rooms
to let; reasonable. \
GOLDEN GATE AVE.. 1208— Large, comfort- .
able, well-furnished room; $9. . J
GRAND Southern 7th and Mission — Rooms 55o .
to $125 night; $150 to $6 wk.; readlng-rm. :
GREEN, 718. between Powell and Mason sts. — ,
t Sunny furnished front room to let. - -
1 HARRISON, 7S4»J. near Fourth— Finely fur- -
nlshed sunny rooms; bath; homelike; $1 week I
HARRISON. 2408H. bet. 20th and 21st— Sunny
front room, with gas and bath; rent JG.
HARRISON. 240NI6. near 20th— Sunny front .
room, furnished; gas; bath. ]
HAYES. 13C. cor. Van Ness — Large sunny
room suitable for cents. $2 50 per week.
HOWARD. IS05 — Large sunny furnished room; '
reasnbi to rirht party; prlv. fam. ; no child.
HOWARD. 715 — J-arti* sunny rooms at low ;
rates; 25c to $1 day and $L-25 to »5 week.
HOWARD, 10S6— Sunny rooms.
$16 — 3 rooms and bath. 1622 Howard St., be- !
twetn Twelfth and Thirteenth. r ,
JESSIE, 474 — Large neatly furnished room; i
nJso small room.
LARKIN. 602— Elegantly furnished, sunny,
front rooms; special summer rates.
LARKIN. 804 — Sunny, double room for 1 or 2
gents, JS; single room. *5. :
MARKET, 1049A.The Falmouth— Sunny rooms; -
hot and cold water; elevator; $2 to $7. ¦;
MCALLISTER. SO— Of nee and private room
combined: furn.; sunny bay-window; water;
gas; car 11ns.
MINNA. €53(3— 3 furnished rooms to rent.? J
MONTGOMERY, 121— Nice rooms to let; »
$2 up. j
MONTGOMERY. 131— Several nicely furnished
sunny front rooms; »:as, water, grates;
reasonable. . ;
NATOMA. 4CO\4— 2 or S sunny rooms to rent;
. privute family; gas, bath; no other roomera.
NATOMA. 615— Nice sunny furnished room. >
NICELY furnished rooms to rent. Apply at <
739 Folsom St., near Fourth.
NOE. 61— Large sunny front room; all con-
veniences; private family; reasonable. Take ]
Halgfct-st. cars to Pierce st.
O'FARRELL, 1520—2 connecting furn. rme.; *
run, water, grate, bath, phone, private; $15. j
O'FARRELL. 1719. near Flllmore — 2 furnished j '
rooms to let to 2 or 3 working glrlat where
there are no other roomers; cheap rent. '
PAGE. J'S— Fine sunny suite, bath, etc; (14.
PERRY. 103— Nice furnished room. ,
PINE. 1733—1, 2 or 3 rooms: light snd sunny; i
housekeeping privileges; reasonable.
POST. 217. near Grant ave— Two sunny single !
rooms. $2 SO and $3 60 week. '
POST. 962— Exceptionally nice eunny front •
rooms, every convenience, very desirable
$S to S15. » ]
POWELL. 502— Rooms to let. ~ I
POWKLL. 506— Large and small rooms; sunny ,
and nice. J
POWELL. 502— Rooms to let.
POWELL, 6Ctt— Nicely furnished front room
for centleman. i
RAUSCH. 01— Furnished front room to let.
ROYAL Hou?e. 126 Ellis— Incandescent lights, '
readinc-room. smoking- roora and ladles' par- .
lor; rooms per night. 86c to SI 50; week. $2 !
to $S; month. SS to $30; elevator on ground '
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths. ,
SACRAMENTO. 3210— Sunny, newly furnished '
rooms for gentlemen; private family. . ;;
\ SHOTWELL. 1013>f— Furnished room to Met.
SILVER. SS— Back and front parlor, use of i
kitchen. i
I SIXTEENTH. 303s! near Valencia— Eunny. \
Blnie room: pew fiat: private family. Also ,
double bay. window, sunny room; gas grate, i
STANYAN, 1111— Exceptionally ~nice sunny :
upper floor. 4 rooms, bath and pantry.
TAYLOR. 515B — Handsome sunny room $10* -
suitable 2; large front parlor with piano, $15.
TAYLOR. 911— Nicely furnished sunny room- ]
good location; reasonable.
. j
THIRD. 156— Rooms to let.
THIRD. 305— 25c,SOc,75c,Sl"riight: $1 i5. $4 wk: ]
respectable: ga*; bath free: housekpg rooms. 3
THIRD. 444%— Furnished rooms to let. I
TURK. 321— A single room to let. '
TURK, 810 — Lnrge room; lower floor, high up; *
place for gathering or social hall.
TWENTY-FOURTH, 3174— Sunny front room
to rent.'V-.-i \ \
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market— iOO
rooms. 3oc to $1 night. $1 75 to $6 week; elec- 1
trie lights (no gas), running water In every
rocm; elevator, read. -room; freeTjus; baggage
VAN NESS ave., 320— Large bay window room;
running water; $12.
VAN NESS ave.. 400— Entire furnished upper
floor, 3 rooms; bath; gas range; sunny cor-
ner; no children. ..... J
VAN NESS ave.. 421 — 3 newly furnUhed front
sunny suites; bath; modern; free phone;
reasonable. .
VALENCIA, 295, cor. Fourteenth— 2 sunny
furnished rooms; housekeeping.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Sd St.. near Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms; !
:~Vc to HKi night: $2 to SS.wcek; rlevator;
elec. lights: reading-room; free bus; baggage.
WOLF House. 202 SIxlh tt— Rooms from 15c
1 to $1 per night, and from 90c to $5 per week.
Cox, Albert J Morgan. Thomas W.
Desmond. Margaret Newman.: Julius .
Dodds. Joslah C. - Pleasent. Charles
I'^hrenkruK. Sophie Schuppert. Magdalena
£lvnn. Winifred starkweather. Carrie
Gllmore, Catherine Stevenson. Elizabeth
Hall. Charles U. Storn. Mathew D. '-
"nmmersmith. EHxa- Stoupe.. J.- B.
oeth. 1 . Thomas. Josephine H.
Hansen, Hans c.\ • Woodward. Sarah
B 'J; R i RY T ln thls city August C. 1904, Bridget,
«?«mm. wif * °* -Patrick Barry, and mother
? . w U I!a m, James Ignatius. Annie and the
late Edward. Barry Mrs George Reynolds
and Mrs. Charles Meyers, a native of County
Limerick. Ireland, aged tA years. .
. J^The funeral will take place to-morrow
•Monday), at 8:30 a. m. from the parlors of
McFadden. McBrearty & Green. 1171 Mission
Btreet. between Seventh and Eighth, thencs
to St. Patrick's Church, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul at 9 a. m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
CARRIERES— In this cltj'. August 6. 1904,
Theophlle ("arrieres. -dearly beloved brother
of Edward. Camll!e Mariua Aimee and
SIdonle Carrlerea, Mrs. Ph. Maury and Mrs. .
Cappot, a, native of France, ag'-d 30 years
6 months and 28 days.
ETTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funwal Sunday.
August 7, at 1 o'clock, from the undertaking
parlors of laccheri, Duclos & Co.. «29 Broad-
way, thence to Notre Dame des Victoires
Church for services. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
COTTER— In this city.. August 0. 1904, at her
residence, 1369 Stevenson street. Mamie E..
beloved daughter of Catherine and the late
Maurice Cotter and sister of Peter J..
Thomas S.. Katie. Nora and the late David
T. Cotter, a native of San Francisco, aged
33 years.
CXotice of funeral hereafter.
COX— In this city, August 3. 1904. Albert
Joseph, dearly beloved husband of Mary
Cox, and devoted father of May E. and the
late Albert Joseph Cox Jr., and beloved son
of the late Joseph F. and Mary Jane Cox.
and brother of Richard J. Cox, Mrs. Mary
. Thomas and Mrs. Laura Murray, and son-
in-law of Thomas and Annie Carroll, a native
of San Francisco, aged 30 years 6 months
and 18 days.
{CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral sarvlces
Sunday, August 7, at 1 o'clock, at his lata
residence. 1036H Folsom street, under the
auspices of Loyal Golden Gate Lodge No.
7189. I. O. O. F. 1.1 U. Interment Mount
Ollvtt Cemetery.
Loyal Golden Gat« Lodc« No. T189. . L O.
O. F.. M. U. : Officers and merabera ar«
hereby requested to assemble at 1036H Fol-
som street to-day (Sunday). August 7. at 12
o'clock sharp to attend the funeral of our
late brother. Albert Joseph Cox. By order of
C. A. ROBERTS, N. O.
H. I. WILSON P. S.
DESMOND — August fl. 1904. Margaret A., wlf«
of John B Desmond, and beloved mother of
John B. Desmond Jr.. a native of Bangor,
Me., aged 49 years and 3 months.
tt^Remalns at the parlors of McAvoy &
Co.. 1239 Market street, near Ninth.
DODDS— In this cltv. August 5. 1904. Joslah
Charles Dodds be*loved son of Robert and
Jane Dodds, and brother of Mrs. Maria H.
' Manchester Mrs Sarah J. Stelner, the late
Amos William Dodd*. Mrs. Mary Emily
Manoff. Edward A. Dodds and Robert G.
Dodds. a natlv* of San Francisco, aged 26
years 4 months and 20 days. A member
of Court Lincoln No. 8517, A. O. F.. and
PrlnttnR Pressmen's Union No. 24. (Liver-
pool, Birkenhead and Dublin papers please
copy.)
IE7" Friends and acquaintances ar« respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday
from his late residence, 3616 Twenty-sixth
street, at 1 p. m thence to Epworth M. E.
Church, corner of" Twenty- sixth and Church
streets, at 1 :SO p. m. Interment Cypreas
Lawn Cemetery by carriage.
Members of Court Lincoln No. 8517, A. O.
F.. are requested to attend the funeral of
¦ our late brother, J. C. Dodds, from his late
residence Monday at 1 p m. By order of
L. E. HELM, Chief Ranrer.
F. B. BEUTLBR, Secretary-
FAHRENKRUG— In this city. August 4, 1904.
Sophie, dearly beloved wife of Christian
Fahrenkrug. and lovlnr mother of, Henry,
Lulu and Emma Fahrenkrug. a native of
Schwenn, Hanover, Germany, aged b8 years
I month and 12 days. A member of the
St. Johannes' Frauen Vereln.
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), Ausrust 7. .at 1 o'clock, from her
late residence, 2300 Folsom street, corner
of Nineteenth, thence to St. Johannes Evan-
gelical Lutheran Church. - corner of rwenty-
eecond and CapD streets, for services, com-
menclns at 1:30 o'clock. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery . .
FLYNN— In this city. August 6. 1904, Wini-
fred, relict of the late Dennis Flynn. de-
voted mother of Mrs. A. E. Emslle (nee
Price) and loving grandmother of William
E. and John A. Emalie, a native- of Ireland.
C7Remalns at the funeral parlors of Mc-
Ginn Bros., 224-226 McAllister street.
GILMORE— In this city, August 5, 1D04,
Catherine, beloved wife of the late James
Gllmore. and mother of Joseph J. and Alice
A. Qllmore and the late Hugh and James
Gilmore, and sister of Altce Curran and
sister-in-law of Barney Gllmore, a native cf
Inland. T ¦ '• * ' ~ ¦-
Z;y Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the n-si-
dence of his brother-in-law, James Curran,
1110 Hampshire street, between Tweuty-
thlrd and Twenty-fourth, thence- to St.
Pfter's Church for services at 1 o'clock. In-
tel iiirnt Holy Cross Cemetery.
HALL— In this city. August 4. 1904, Charles
G.. beloved husband of Ettolwell Taylor Hall,
a native of Baltimore. Md.. aged 38 years 7
months and 19 days.- A member of Oakland
Court No. 6, Tribe of Ben Hur, and San
- Francisco Council No. 540, National Union.
(Kansas City and Baltimore . papers please
copy).
CyFrlends and acquaintances ar« respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday, August 7, 1904, at 2 p. m.. at the
mortuary chapel of .the Golden Gate Under-
taking Company, 2475 Mission street, near
Twenty-first. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.'
HAMMERSMITH— In this city. Aurust 0.
104. Elizabeth, dearly beloved wife of the
late John I-;. Hammersmith, and loving
mother of Mrs. William Zech and Alfred and
Florence Hammersmith, a native of Dres-
den, Germany, aged 50 years 9 months and
II days.
(C7Frlend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), August 7, at 11 o'clock, from her
late residence. 1332 Geary street, between
. Gough and Octavla. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, by electric funeral car from
Eighteenth and • Guerrero atreets.
HANSEN— In thin city, August 4, 1904, Hans
. C. Hansen. beloved husband of Ellen M.
u Hanaen, and father of Mrs. LouiBe Bertel-
sen, and brother of Captain P. Hansen, Mrs.
J. Ipsen, Mra P. H. Uhlenberg and Mrs. M.
Taft, a native of Odense, Denmark,- aged
26 years and 9 months. A member of Alta
LodKe No. L'05. I. O. O. F.
E7Frien<l4 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, rrom Odd Fellows'
Hall, corner of Seventh and Market streets,
where funeral services will be held under the
auspices of Alta Lodge No. 205, I. O. O. F.
Cremation at Odd Fellows' Crematory. Re-
mains at the parlors of H. P. Petersen &
Co.. 228 McAllister street.
LANGLOTZ— In San Anselmo, August 4. 1904.
Frederika. beloved wife of H. Langlotz, and
mother of Marie L. Dcrbaum. and grand-
mother of Louise. Fred and Emily Derbaum.
a native of Ohio, aged 64 years 'i . months
and 1 day. . .
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday) at 2 o'clock, from the oarlors of
Carew & Enillsh, 29 Van Ness avenue. In-
terment National Cemetery. Presidio. ;
LEBRECHT— In Oakland, August 4, 1904, Dol-
lie A. Lebrccht. beloved sister of Mrs. T. J.
Jenne, Walter and Malsle Lebrccht, a native
of Oakland, Cal.. aged IS years 7 months
and 4 days.
ETFuneral sarvlces will be held Sunday,
August 7. W04. at 2:30 p. m.. at her late
residence. 1316 Telegraph avenue. Oakland.
Interment private. \
MANGAN— In this city. August 5. 1904. Eliza-
beth. beloved wife of Thomas Mangan. and
sister of James Cashman of Olympla. Wash.
John Cashman of Boston. Mass, Mrs. Dala-
hanty of Boston, and aunt of Lizzie Canning
and Teresa Cashman - a . native of Nova
Scotia. Canada, aged 61 years.
E7Friendif and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 a. m.. from her late resi-
dence. 503 Sixth street, thence to St. Rose's
Church, whiye a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ccmc- •
tery.
MORGAN— In Oakland, Ausust 3. 1904
• Thomas Wolfe, beloved husband of Christine
A. Morgan, and father of Ross, De Neale.
Thomas W. Jr., Dana R.. James W. and
Jennie C. Morgan, a native of New Orleans,
aged 64 years and S months.
(C7Frlc-nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend ; the funeral services
to-day (Sunday) at 2:30 o'clock, at his
late residence, 611 Nineteenth street, Oak-
land. Interment private.
NEWMAN— In- this city, August 4." 1904,
Julius, beloved husband of Fanny Newman,
and beloved father of Mrs. G. Brenner, Mrs.
ML. Meyer and Mildred Newman, and brother
of Mrs. L. Brenner. Mrs. J. 8. Levy and
Joseph and Max Newman, a native of. Ger*
HiENRY J. CALLACHER CO.
(Successors to Flannagan ft Gallagher.
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth St.; opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80. '
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
Funeral Directors > and Embalmera ' ' i
Formerly In Metropolitan Temple.
NOW at 860 MISSION.- Tel. South 167.
. Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth at.
-. Finest Equipments at Moderate Rates.
F. J. Mor.ahan. Manager! ' * TeL Mission 31.
MONAHAN, JJ'HARA & 'CO.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
«*>uV -2 3U Mission si., near Nineteenth,
~ ban Francisco. • -.«;'
many, aged 71 years and 3 months. (Los
Angeles papers please copy.) .
CFThe luneral services will take place at
0:45 o'clock to-day (Sunday) . August 7,
-at her late residence. 1570 Greenwich street,
corner Franklin. • Interment private. Hills of
Eternity Cemetery.
Congregation Shcrith Israel: Officers and
members are requested to attend the funeral
of our late member. Julius Newman, to-day,
from 1570 Greenwich street -
. ' 1; CHARLES HARRIS, President.
A. L. BADT. Secretary. -
First Hebrew Benevolent Society— Officer*
and members: You are respectfully re-
quested to attend the funeral of our late
member. Julius Newman, at 9:45 o'clock
this morning. August 7. from his late resi-
dence. 1570 Greenwich street t
S. ZEKIND, Secretary.
PLEASENT— In this city, August 5 1904,
Charles Pleasent. aged 3S years.-
. E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
August 7, 1904, at 3 j). m.. from the mor-
tuary chapel o£ the Go'den Gate Undertaking
Company. 2475 Mission street, near Twenty-
nrst. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
SCHUPPERT— In this city. August 6, 1904,
Magdalena Schuppert, beloved wife of the
late Adam Schuppert, and mother of Augu3t
>.. Adam L. Schuppert, Mra. Carolina Car-
l>enter and the late Henry and Charles
Schuppert. a native of Alsace, aged 76 years
. 8 months and 14 days.
C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully notified that the funeral will take place
to-day (Sunday Vat 2 o'clock, from her
late residence. «18 Filbert street, thence by
tlectrlc car from Elrhteenth and Guerrero
streets to Mount Olivet Cemetery. Inter-
ment Drlvate.
STARKWEATHER-In Oakland, August 6,
1904. at 1513 West street, Carrie Burbank.
beloved wife of Frank \H. Starkweather, and
daughter of Mrs,? II. S. Burbank. a native
of Springfield, Mass.
STEVENSON— In Stockton, August 6, 1904.
Kllzabeth Stevenson, beloved sister of Ella
B.'iStevenson. a native of Pennsylvania.
ET'FrJends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10 a. m.. from the parlors of
A. TV. Martin & Ca. 310 O'Farrell street.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery by 11:30
a. m. train from Third and Townsend etreets.
STORN— In this city, August 4. 1904. Mathew
D. Storn. a 'native of Manchester, England.
P"The funeral will take placa Monday
at 2 p. m. at Vacavllle, Cal. Remains can
¦ be viewed at the parlors of Halsted & Co..
J»46 Mission «>treet. from 9 a. m. 1 to 2 p. m.
8unday, August 7, 1904.
STOUPE— In Paris, July V 1904. J. B.
Stoupe.
THOMAS— In this city. August 6. 1904. Jo-
sephine Harrington, beloved wife of James
Thomas, a native of New York. ,*.
WOODWARD— In this city. August 8. 1904, at
the residence of her niece Mrs. B. F. Dullea
SCB Eighth street, between Market and Mis!
slon. Sarah Woodward, beloved wife of the
late Henry S. Woodward, and beloved aunt
of Mrs. E F. Dullea, a native of Ken-
tucky, aged S4 years 11 months and 2 days.
CARD OF THANKS.
We herewith desire to extend our heartfelt
thanks to the many kind friends and ac-
quaintances who gave so many evidences of.
their heartfelt and comforting sympathy,
numerous tokens of friendship and beautiful
floral offering* during the ead hours of our
bereavement of loving husband and father,
William Henry Teigeler.
MRS. MARIA TEIGELER AND CHIL-
DREN. TBid. Ask.l Bid. A**.
4s or coup..lC«V l 10G : *'il4s qr cp new.l31i41S0 •
4s Qr reg ..lOeUNWSilSs qr coup...lc5 1055i
MISCELLANEOUS BOND3.
Ala A W 5s. - - , !Oa!c T Co «j.ll»t;i2D
Asio Oil 5s. 70 77«i Do 5s .....lit) —
Bay CPC 5s.l01*i — I Du con 5s.. — 108
UNITED STATES B0XD9.
SATURDAY. Aug. 6—2 p. . m. .
STOCK AND BONT> EXCHAXGE.
Receipts of domestic Poultry were very light,
us usual on Saturday, and the market closed
the week guady'and practically bare of good
*tock. Ouly three cars of Western were rc
c.ived d'Hing the week, but the dally receipts
of local stock were heavy. A car of Western
fnlls dua to-morrow. Receipts of Game. were
about SO racks. Doves were mostly of poor
fluaUty ami *ere nuoted lower, while Rare and
Kabbits wer< ir. good request at steady rates.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. lSfil7c per lb for
Gobblers and 14i^15c for Hens: Geese, per pair,
$1 2301 60; Goslings, $1 50@l 73; Ducks, $49
4 50 per dozen for old and $4 50@5 for youns;
Hens, $5 5C@6 for large and $4 5O@5 for small:
young Roosters. $7«j)7 60; old. Roosters, (4 50©
5: Fryers $4 50^5 50: Broilers. $3©3 50 for
large and $2 50(33 for small : Pigeons. $1 50 per
Cazsu toe old aad $1 25^1 50 lor Squabs.
Poultry and Game.
MUTTOI»— Wethers. 7HCSc; Ewes. 7c perlb.
LAMB— OCO^ic per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hess. 6t$g8}5e per Ib,
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
' The following quotations are for good, sound-
Livestock delivered In San Francisco. less SO
per c<*nt shrinkage- for Cattle: • .
CATTLE — Stears, 7\i©7%e; Cow* and
Heifers 5Vj®6'^c; thin Cows, 4g5c per lb.
CALVES — IS l%c per Ib (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3&©CSic:. Ewes, 3®3Jio
per lb {gross weljrht).
LAMBS— ?2 Um2 75 per head.
HOGS— Live Iloss. 110 to 200 lbs. 4%&l%c;
VEAL-^-Larse,'R®7c: small. " 70Sc"" per Ib.
The week closed on an unchanged and well
supplied market.
DRESSY MEAT3.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealer*
are aa follows:
BEEF — S^tifec for Steers and 4Q5%c per lb
fcr Cows. .
Meat Market.
• : . .Collection Day Changed. £\
•"rr» Erectors eg tu e Board of T-a*« *¦*-»
• kf ti* next co!lectlrn dsy. ««»oii *-,
Bank Clearings.
Local bask deartsrs for t*i» *¦<*•.> imi
r^rf ,ere *a.n55.M*T«*te« $r3.2MT62-?*r
S s jgfgg5SaR^ the e==e "*
Washington Crop Bulletin.
' r rt f? «-"n. P*:!sbury, section di
..- tMUz^ 1 . r..:si trjttes Wear her Bureau, fcr
. V»_1Sru£iiaCtxm Cro? nu'!-t!n. w«;i ended
. A-_sru*; 2. U sn foXcws:
; "•'¦« n '*<:~ «'»= moacratfly cool, excepting the
.. -. tr.o <!»--*. Trrre quite warm. It
¦-.••* *' : " exrvr: for v»ry Utht. scctteted ehow.
• - :¦-. . 4 _7:li and SSth, which were of sorae
"f.: i« ion crors and garden vegetables.
.i •.:! ioo 4-fT.t to materially help com. potatoes
•n" W!>^at an:! ether priins were too
:.^ Kdtcac^a to b«»<»flt'?d.
¦t.*.. oats ard l»ar'.ey are now r.rar
::!tr. *a3 cutVpi; Mrffl b<-fin Bcnerjlly next
: vr r-.!**«!ry * ir.ls have caused the
¦r.f :r.-*.l. ar.d t»tiey to riprn for^ewhat
r^ j rr.a-.t.Tr: 7 . setf the r>*-.:!t will he scrr.e »hr!v.
* m \ :r.r. Tfc« *Zic; of the Jry cpill sria b? to
- :'f!.t»n l>ot.h wheat ar.4 r.ats. Tlie
• '••r..? ha* been »-ntlr»!y favi.-r2.tie for th»
Jail r.;.fa: irsrveM ane> the cutting of !ate ha>\
Cb* rurn.Tg <if fall whr>«t Is oac-half to tiro
• tbtraf.£r.!shf>4 In the different localities. The
r ¦¦¦;*, rih it; r^pr.il indicate a very sriod yield.
••1 . l.sy cr.r> 1- of rood ijuaJity. but undoubt
»"•: :.?!.'.• 1>e »#?or.J cr.^p of alfalfa Is b«-!nc
• ..- - - loc»:it!«<. Hops are doing »-^ll
c f ¦ :i:» ; rcir.lto fs for a rood crop. TTie !
;? rr- ; f«v»ri? dro«*-ht ht.% had an unfavor-
KbIe<«Sea or. potmtas* and corn, fit the lat
,, r^ , r^ : 3 j, sll . JlelJ u expecterd. Pastures
c t.tvr rwcxaa my dry aa<I <3a«ty.
' .•" Fntsm %ru turrltis oiit b<»tttr. tkan -was ex
•yettrt a Itw T<-«eW* k£o. Apricots end *arly
,''i^.^ rr» nc-* fiM&tdL Gratis will be s,
.* g<v><! ercp in IClic^ltst County. Th«> g?n?rsil
ep'.ri'-n i% that ojpio-JS rata is verj- much
. : »*?«*! for - : : grc-wrinj crops, although !t
K-ouId t- unfj vsrar> for the wheat harvest.
."/ . # Fruit Crop Report.
. • .-Fr«n tV-e Crop Huiletln. United Etatrs De
"•ja:tir.»rt of ApH^ttu-e Waialnjtcn, D. C.
, c Icr ..».c *sdrd J-.-'y 2j. 19*.>l:
. In the Lower Mi**curi. Crr.tral ilisslisippl
*ii Ohio va!ley« erd c-rcr th« southern por
c lirr. d the Mfldle A'.I*r:«.ic Stm.te« the outlook
•or s.T7-'ts >s unfarc^.ble, but b*tter proi>p*cts
. \r* n>:x>rte<! Irr:m New Enflar.d, New York
'ar-1 the l>«5ce r»s;If»n.
New E:;«'.ar.d — Apples, rood crop, thorgh
fKr.r. Crc^lsg; berries plesilTBl; other fruit
¦.
Xj* Trrk — Grapes aad apples proriiciCK:
<-"achos, p»ftr« a*;<l plmcs light.
New Jersey — Giap^s generally rerr proiais
• ;rg * . .
Maryland and DeU ware— Plums plentiful;
e*!>tr- fnslt scare*: tonsatoes anS delozs prom
; Ulna;/
vinr1-i« — Arpies scare*.
North C'a^ot'.r.s — r"ruU fair.
• Eo«tth Carolina — Melons, peaches and pears
¦pVc^rc!; apples scare*.
c Georgia — Peaches plentiful; «Mp3ients about
c"v»i Jn central cowaties.
• • -T1-/riim~ Citrun fruits doisr well.
A.nz&r.wn.s — ralr to rood crops of peaches and
»*p!wt ir.C'.:^-'*i. ' --¦:'••-—
J"prr.;s»ce — "ruits dotsjc well.
. e 'iC»ntucky— App>s aad peaches will give light
'}***• ¦ . -
- e lll«fcuri— Arp'e pro«p»ct« poor; p«achf>« aad
¦fc'ums ritr: crapes exosllent.
• lilinolv— Barries gcod; ap?les dropping; some
<>rc^rds teri.
_' In«^aa— AFpl»s snd pears promise lair
.VTer.t. Virglsla — Peaches precise fair yield;
gf«p<s abundsxt; l-z^t crop ot applee prcm-
Ohlo-r Apples pocr; peaeies fair In places;
grape 'ret continues..
Mlchtcan — ArpiM and p'.urr.s protsiaicg.
¦Wiscrnrfn — Apj:« f«:r.
N^brscks.— App>a H«bt.
Kanra*— Usr'.y mfln ibasdact.
<;K}s.:>Tn:*. r:><! Ind:*a Territory— Fruit an3
r r *r»«' b.iiiniTWTi
1'1a«»o — Tnirat^d cro^s rr.stlnj rap.d prcgre«v
f.-,j/)"='!o — Fruit \Tvrp+c\% exceHest.
«*eScii— KcrJy «r !•>«*. I*«rs- aad peaches
r!r«.
• Wczlhcr Report.
CSCtb. Mercian. Pacific Tims.)
TAN FItANCISCO. Aug. C — 5 p. m.
*Th»*5 .::uv.lr.r rr.axlrr.ur.i crid mir.'munj tcni
persfMT-fT trt rrportr<5 fcr tlis previous day:
Cotton 7C-f.?1 Nct Orlears !H>-74
Cln<u?wiatl f.«;-tr{rh;ip.dclphl.a 84-72
Jacksonville 84-60
-et.lLoBU M-cniKew Tork &C-&1
SAN lUANCI^CO 5S-00
t:ih coast record. — —
- K 'IS O ¦» 5
.... ., . = = = = =^a 2* «
STATIONS. Z rr§ r° ?
Z * *¦ HjJS '* '- ~ '" " j" ? —
• \ s: \ 2
n»l:er . W ...29.7S 70 n N'W Clear M>
r*sva ?*¦'** '¦*> r.i w Clear .00
Rarafca? T.9.V2 >: fio N Cloudy .c«>
Fnv^. .' l(i{ 70 NW Clear .«»
•K.n» T-arti:qp.ir» w :,i tm w ciou<iy .<»>
• F»f.rrt".rt .A-M-W ft <1 K Pt.Cl<!7 .OO
I'<j«ite!!« ...^9.51 M .*2 Z*t SW Clouly .00
lr.fi'<p*r<>ncs .it>.s» 0t 01 W Cloudy .CO 1
\r% Ar.r->»-- 3SK s * f - W Cloudy .00
Mi. T*roelwl»-J- W ** 73 NW Clear .0»
.^rortfc Ilead.-.W-ir 0? 54 MT Cloud.- .01
:-Pht«-r.'x 2:>.M 102 7S B Cloudy .00
Tt. !;?)« Lt..».Pl «3 43 NW Forry .CO
Portinrul :.0.f>2 M .. \Y Clear .O<»
•Jtfed Z9o9 S9.78 10S «3 f? Clear .00
IV^tbarg -10.00 W! WJ NW Clear .00
F*rrarsecto . .29. SO W W> S Clear .00
• .-fit V^e ...2fl.ro B2 53 NTT Pt.CUIy .00
Sir Frsn»-I<»«).2a.!»« M TA V' Clear .00
3.*L. Ofcfcpo..S9.I« 76 M h Clear .i»
tan DU50 -J^.'Xi 74 d 5-v? CIou<!y .00
-Hr»tflc.; SO.ifl 72 .. \V Clear .0?
-* ; r«*i»r>e »-S3 OS 60 S Pt.Cldy .M
•'•Ja»t^lt 20.li. IS f« SW Cloudy .00
V.tJla Walla.. CO. S2 101 CC SW Cloudy .00
V.2r.^r.:vcca. .2O.f-ft PJ S5 NW Cloudy .00
Ts<ra 2>.S0 07 53 S Pt.Cldy .00
WITATITEE CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
TTin* ha* b*«"n n fal! In j>r*n!»urc ove.r U>e
'Si» > rra!' and «.->••?. tra it the Rockies. Diugr^e
able weather fcr travelers oontinues through
nut Neiada sr.d Utah. Iflfh tcaperatum
'•-ith brlfk north wind are reported. Thunder
¦bewera contlcu* in tb« mountains.
Ho rais i- rcjjortci! west of the Rocky
Foreign Futures. ' ¦,
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— • Sept. Dee.
Opening ..0 10% 6 11%
Closing 010% 6 11 %
PARIS.
Wheat — Aujr- . Nov. -Feb.
Opening • 2175 22 CO .
Closing 21 85 22 70
Opening"....... 'i'.. ¦•?•' 20 55 29 65
Closing 20 60 29 90
" St. Louis Wool Market.
ST.! LOUIS. Aug. 6*— WOOL— Strong and ac
tlve:"medlum grade*, combing and clothing,
2Ctff25c; light fine. lCi|20c; heavy fine, 12®16c;
tub- washed. 21&34%c.
Northern Wheat Market! i
OREGON.
PORTLAND, - Aug 1 . *C— -Wheat— Shipping:
Walla Walla. 70®71e: blue stem, 74@75c; val
ley 75c. Mllllnjr: Walla Walla,. 72@73c; blue
stem. 75G76c: valley; 78c..
, . WASHINGTON. . . : •"•
TACOMA. Aujt. , 0. — Wheat unchanged ; blue
stem. 75c: club, 70c.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE. Aug. 6.— Clearings $«J7,585;-bai:
antct fU'J.SUJt ¦ ... - ...
Miscellaneous Markets.
The only change worthy of note on the
Stock and Bond Exchange was a rise in
Alaska Packers from $12a to «12TVi. Tradlns;
on all the exchanges was light, as usual on
Sa SaTw ay on the California Exchange last week
were 11.534 shares, valued at KHJ^he lead
ing sales being: Associated- Oil. 4390 shares;
independence. 2120: .Monarch, 1100; Oil City,
250O. and Piedmont. 1000.
The Lindsay Heights Water Company has
levied an assessment of $3. delinquent Septem
ber 6; Continental Oil Company, 5c, Septem
ber "1
Ex-dividend yesterday: The Imperial Oil
Company, a monthly dividend ot 20 cents pet
share, amounting to $20,000. •
The Thirty-three Oil Company, a monthly
dividend cf 10 cents per share, amounting to
Slrt.OOO. • . . .
The Great Western Oil Company has levied
an assessment. No. 3, of 14 cents per share,
delinquent September 5.
The Port Cos.ta Water Company will pay a
regular monthly dividend of 30 cents pe»
share Ausust 13. . .
The Week Closes With Stocks
Quiet end Featureless.
STOCK MAEKET.
I'nion Paclfls pfd 93
M abash pfd ... 36%
Wheel & Lake Erie ..... 14
Wisconsin Central. 200 17 16 T 4 1*5%
Wisconsin Cent pfd : .. 3SW
Express Companies —
Adams 225
American * . ¦* 105
United States 105
¦\Vclls-Fargo .... 2C3
Miscellaneous —
Amal Copper 2,000 62 61% 61%
Am Car & Foundry 200 1SU 18^1 18%
Am Car & P pfd ;.„ 77
Am Cotton Oil 4.400 32% 30 S2%
Am Cotton Oil pfd. 100 83% 89T4 89 %
Am Ice 200 7 7-7
Am Ice pfd 27%
Am Lin?eed Oil 100 9% 9% 8
Am Lineeed Oil pfd 28%
Am Locomotive 200 20% 20% 20>i
Am Locomotive pfd ' S7%
Am Smelt & Ring.. 400 57% 57% 67%
Am Smelt & R pfd 200 90& 99% 99%
Am Sugar Rfnj?... 7.600 132 131% 131»i
Anaconda Mln Co 70%'
Brooklyn R T." 700 51% 51% 61 ft
Colo Fuel & Iron 33
Consolidated Gas... 100 105% 195% 195%
Corn Products 200 12 12 12'
Corn Products pfd. lOOz 07% 67% 67%
Distillers' Secur.... 100 21?; 21ft 22
General Electric 1C2
Inter Paper ¦ 14
Inter Paper ptd 70%
Inter Pnrnp '80%
lr.tcr Puznp pfd 70
National Lead 100 21 21 21%
North American 87.
People's Gas 400 101 % 101% 101
Pressed Steol Car 33%
Pressed Steel C pfd 75
Pullman Pal Car 217
Republic Steel 7%
Republic Steel pfd 43
Rubber Good* 17%
Rubber Goods pfd .... 78%
Tenn Cocl & Iron. 800 44% 44Vi 43%
U S Leather 7%<
U S Leather pfd S2%
U S Realty 46
U S Rubber 200 19% 10% 19%
U S Rubber pM... 100 75 75 74%
U S Steel 1,200 12% 12 12%
U 3 Steel pfd 6.400 69% 63% . 69?i
Westir.xhouse Elec .... 157%
Western Union 8S%
Total sales ..' SS.760.
NEW TORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg.. 104*4, L & N -unified 4s.lOO%
Do coupon 104% Man con gold 4s. 105%
Do 3s reg 104% Mex Central 4s... 62%
Do coupon lOo Do 1st inc 13-> 4
Do new 4s reg.131 Minn &. St L 4s.. 96
Do coupon 131UIM, K & Texas 4«. 99%
Do old 4s reg.lO6^» Do 2ds 78
Do coupon lOtHilNR' of Mex con 5s 75
Atch gen 4s 103% IN Y C gen 8%s.. 69T£
Do ae!J 4s 9Ti%|N J C gen. 5s 132%
Atlantic C L 4s. 99%; Nor Pacific 4s 105%
Bait & Ohio 4s...lO't>;i Do 3s 74%
Do 3%s 03 Nor & W con 4s. 101%
Central' of Ga 5S.110U OSL. 4s & partlc. 85%
Do 1st Inc Si Pa conv 3%s.... 97Ts
Ches & Ohio 4H6.100U Reading gen 4s... 99
Chi & Alton 3 '.is. 7S% S L &. I M con 5s.ll6H
C. B & Q new 4s. 97'i!S L & S F fg 4s. 81% I
CM & SP gn 4s.lf>S 1 Kt Louis SW lsts. 92%
*1 & NW con 7s.l2S%|!?eaboard A L 4s. 71%
C. R I & Pac 4s. 71%|Po Pacific 4s 93%
Do col 5s 82 So Railway 5s.... 115%
C r C & SLgn 4s.l01 Tex <fc Pac lsts.. 118 •
Chi Term 4s 74V4 Tol. St L & W 4s. 72%
Cons Tobacco 4s. C3 Union Pacific 4s. 105%
Colo & So 4s . S.'iU Do conv 4s ....102% |
C F & I con 5s. 73 T7 S Steel 2d 5s.. 78%
Den & PJo G 4S.101 rwabash lsts 117%
Erie prior Hen s. 09 | Do deb B 60
Do pen 4s 85 |W & L Erie 4s... 91%
F.W Sz D C lBt«.103%JWis Central 4s... 59%
Hock Val 4%s...lOS 1 - *
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW TORK, Aug. 6. — No bond transactions
to-day.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY..
Common, bid 4\£ a asked 4%; preferred, bid
4114. asked 41%. .
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 25. Little Chief ..... 05
Alice 20| Ontario 3 25
Breece 10 Ophlr 2 15
Bruns Con 151 Phoenix 08
Com Tunnel OSjPotosl 12
Con Cal & Va... 1 05| Savage 20
Horn Silver 1 CO, Sierra Nevada.... 18
Iron Silver 150|fcmall Hopes '30
Leadvllle Con .;.. O2| Standard 1 59
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money— |U S Steel 12
Call loans ....2 £3% Do pfd 59%
Time loans ...8%'^4% Westing Common. 78-
Bonds — Mining — ,
Atchison 4s 101% Adventure 75o
Do adj 4s 04%|Allouez 8%
Mex Central 4s... C2% I Amal Copper .... 51%
Railroads — > |Amer Zlno 11
Atchisop. 78%|Atlantlc 8H
Do pfd D<?%!BlnKharn 25
Boston A Albar.y.2+S {Calumet & Hecla.4S0
Boston & Maine.. 15!) I'Centennlal' 23%
Eoston Elev 149%! Copper Range ... 54'
M»x Central . »Vi Dalv West .....:. 14%
Pt-re Marquette... 74 Dom Coal 4BU
Union Pacific.... 9S$i Franklin .7'
Miscellaneous — Grancy 2%
Airier Arge Chen. 14% Isle Royale 16%
Do pfd 75 Mass Mining .... 3^
Amcr Pneu Tube. 4 Mohawk 42Vi
Amer Sugar 131% Mont Coal & Coke 3%
Do pfd 130 Old Dominion ... 12%
Arr.er Tel & Tel. 137% Osceola 63
Amer Woolen ... 11% Parrot 2.-{
Do pfd 77 IQuincy '.. $2%
Dorn Iron & S... 8%|Shannon 4%
Ed Elect Ilium... 251 | Tamarack 88>i
Gen Electric ....1«2 (Trinity 7%
Mass Electric... 17% U S Mining 22U
Do pM 69 U S Oil iiu
Mass Can 39% Utah 3$%
United Fniit ICO Victoria »£
Un Slioe Macb... 50ViiWlnona '71?
Do pfd 30%|Wolverine 78
London Closing Stocks.
Cons money. ..S" lfl-ifilM Y Central.... 122%
Do acct SS 1-16! Nor & Western... CJXA
Anaoonrta "-%| Do pfd 91 '
Atchison SO^IOnt & Western... V.IK
Do pM !«) Pennsylvania Cl»i
Bait & Ohio 8C-y, F.cnd Mines 10«
C-n Pacific 12SU Kradlr.g 27
Che« & Ohin 3ViU.\ Do 1st pfd 42
fni Great West.. 14^1 Do 2d pfd 3."
Chi. Mil & St P.lSliAlSo Railway 20%
I>e B<»ers 19 Do pfd OtiV-
D«t & Rio G 22H Pc Pacific r.1%
Do pfd 73*4 Union Pacific .... J>.S>1
T.rio 25% Do pfd 9fi
Do l«t rfd P4% U S Steel 12%
Do 2d pfd SS I Do pfd «23i
111 Central 137%iWabash 1714
I.r.uis & Nash 120 Do pfd 37
M. K & Texas... 19%j Spanish 4s 85U
Bar silver— Steady, 28 15-16d per ounce.
Money — 2%*£3 per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills Is 2Tf<(?3>3 per cent and for three
months' bills 2%®3 per cent.
'Associated Banks' Statement.
NEW YORK", Aur. 6. — The statement of
average of the clearing hou*e banks of this
city for the week shows: Loans $1,005,970
000 decrease 81.SC1.200; deposits $1,204,213,
400! decrease $752,200; circulation $.18,641,500.
decrease SW21.40O; legal tenders $84,194 CCO,
decrease $1.854.1C0; specie $273,168,200. in
creare $1,985,300; reserve $337,362,200. increase
$131,200: reserve required $301,053,350, de
crease $1S)I.050: surplus $56,308,850. increase
£519.250; <nc-United States deposits $62,161,875,
Increase $325,350.
Nciv York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, Aujr. 7.— FLOUR— Receipts.
14,900 barrels; exports, 2300 barrels. Firm
but inactive; winter patents. $4 85©5 35; win
ter straights, $1 00®4 75: Minnesota patents.
$5 25®5C5; winter extras. $3 S5®3 90; Min
nesota bakers. $3 85©4 30; winter low grades,
$3 1803 40.
WHEAT— Receipts, 269,000 bushels: spot
eaey; No. 2 red, nominal elevator and $1 04
f. o b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Dulutb, $1 16%
t. o. b. afloat. Options had a bad opening
break under Improved spring wheat crop news
and heavy sellinc for both accounts. After
a rally on covering the market closed un
settled at Vj®%c net decline. July, $l@l 00^,
closed at $1 00%; September, |1 00&O1 01 Vi,
closed at $1 01J4; December. 99%c®$l 00>«.
closed at $1 COU.
HOPS — Steady: State, common to choice
J903 crop. 2r.<3«4c: 1902 crop, 21@23c; olds.
7© 13c. Pacific Coast. 1903. 2«@29c; 1902, 21®
23c; olds, 7©13e.
HIDES— Firm; Galveston. 20 to 25 Ib3, 14c:
California. 21 to 25 lbs, 10c; Texas dry, 24 to
30 lrm 14c.
WOOL — Firm; domestic fleece. 32©30c.
PETROLEUM— Steady: refined New York.
7.70c: Philadelphia and Baltimore, 7.6.5c; do
In bulk. 0.75c.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, firm; No. 7 invoice,
75tc; mild, steady: Cordova. 9%<913c. Futures
closed steady; total *ale»«. 59,500 ba?s, includ
ing September. 6.15@ti.20c; December. C.45g»
6.55c- March. 6. 75^0. 90c; April. U.S5c; May.
0.0507.05c; July. 7.20c.
SITGAR— Raw, firm: refining. 3 0-1 Cc; cen
trlfujral 08 test. 4Q>4 l-16c; molasses sugar,
3 D-lCc; refined, firm; No. C. 4.75c; No. 7,
4 70c No 8. 4.C3c; No. 0. 4.60c; No. 10.
4*r>3c! No.' 11. .4:50o; No. 12. 4.45c; No. 13.
4 40c- No 14, 4.05c; confectioners' A. 5c;
moid A. SlSOc: cat loaf, 5.85c; crushed, 3:s5c;
powJered. 5.23c; granulated. 5.13c; cubes,
5.4Oc.
BUTTER— Unchanged.
CHEESE— Unchanseo.
EGGS — Unchanged.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market shows
eaaines* as to futures while spot- supplies are
lizht and quotations for this delivery aro
VEGETABLES-^-Green Corn. 60c!g$l 23 p.er
ssifk • crates from Alameda, $10150; from
Berkeley. 75c@$l: Green Peas. l©3e per lb;
String and Wax Beans. 50«J75c per
sack; Lima Beans, 2%$>3c per lb: ..Toma
toes in small boxes. nominal; large open
boxes 25«S5c; Summer Squash, 20®35c per
box; Cabbage.- 73c per ctl; Carrots, $1 per sack;
Cucumber?, 25@40c per box; Pickle Cucumbers,
nominal: -Garlic. 3040 per lb; Egg Plant. 33#
6Oc per box;. Dried Peppers, nominal; Green
Okra. 5C@tA>c per box: Green Peppers, 40030c
per box for Bell and 23{$35c for Chile; Marrow,
fat Squash. ?15®20 per V»n. •
ONIONS— Sllversklns, $1 1O«J1 25 per ctl.
All ninils of vegetables .were in free supply
ntvJ although trade was active, the market
wiiJ weak lor £ene;al offerings. Choice. Gieen
Corn' did a little tnter, but common offerings
continued to drag and some very poor lots
wcie selling below the minimum quotations.
Receipts of Tomatoes were less liberal, but
price3 showed no improvement. String and
Wax Brant, were a drug on the market and
wtr« rilll'culV-to dispose of at any^ price.
POTATOES— New Burbanks from the river,
90cfi$l 25 per ctl in sacks and $101 50 per
ctl in boxes; Salinas Burbank.*. %\ 50Q1 65 per
ctl- Watsonvllle Burbanks, $1 25®1 60; Early
Rose. 85o<tSl: Garnet Chiles. 83c4j$1;- old Po
tatoes, nominal.
The usual Saturday dullness prevailed in the
Potato market, and. prices of all descriptions
were nominally unchanged. The principal river
boat was late again, and -as. a result a large
portion, of the day's receipts had to be held
ov«r. Sweet Potatoes from the river sold at
3c per pound, wnlle Ccachella Sweets were
cffcrlng nt Sc^ Onions were plentiful and
rule] weak at about t>revious prices.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
innnr or sks... 4,S53'Strat7. tens -5
TVhSt ctls .. .. 2.2321 Wool, bales 4W
p".. ,ks 4W Paper, reams ... <P»
on* vi sks 194 Wine, rals 42.*"O<>
FS tons ...... CKSfSuw. ctls 'IBM
r ' OREGON'.
WlMt. ctls Z.IWBran. «ks J«>
Oats ctls 2701Fe«d. «ks 40O
FOR SATURDAY. AUGUST «.
Receipts of Produce.
Late mall advices from New York say of
Hops :
"Locally there was a firm market for 1003
Hops. Only small supplies were available,
due to light stocks, and prices were firmly
maintained. Coast advices indicated an easier
market for 19C4 Hops, due to the improved
outlook for the European crops as a result
of the rains during the week. Growers who
declined to' contract at 21c are in some in
stances. It was stated, looking- for buyers of
contracts at 20c. Advices were received from
up the State saying that it was possible to
contract at 25c for 19C4 Heps.
"The New York State crop promises to be
of good quality and the yield about 23 per cent
more than last year. The Pacific Coast crop
prospects are also favorable, indicating a crop
somewhat lancer than in 1903."
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about %81c unil-r quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c: medium. 9c; light. 8%c; Cow
Hides. Sf»8%c for heavy and 838%c fcr light;
StaRS. fie; Salted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal 10c-
Salted Calf, lie: dry Hides, 16c; dry Kip. 13c
dry Calf. ISc: Sheepskins, shearlings. 25@40c
each; short Wool. 40<6fi5c each; medium. -75<a
90c; long Wool. $161 50: Horse Hides, salt.
$2 75 for large and *2®2 5O for medium, $1 23
Gl 75 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides,
dry $1 75 for large and $1 60 for medium. %\Q
1 23 for small and 50c for Colts. . Buck Skins —
Dry Mexican, 30c: dry salted Mexican, 25o; dry
Central American. T0@32%c Goat Skins —
Prime Angoras. 75c: extra, large do, $1 23;
large and smooth. 60c; medium. 35c; small.
20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 404%c per lb;
No. 2. 8%c: grease. 2% ©3a
WOOL — Spring Clip — Humboldt and Mendo.
clno, 17@19c:San Joaquin -and Southern. 13
months'. 10@12c; do 7 months'. OSllc per lb;
Middle Counties. 13@17c for free and 12815a
for defective: Northern. 16@lSc for free and
14SlCc for defective; Nevada, 13S1CC. accord
ing to condition.
HOPS— Nominal at 25©27%c per lb for Cali
fornia. 1903. Contracts for 1904 crop are quoted
at 17621c.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Quotations for Beans show a number of nar
row changes." The market continues well held,
though autel v
BEASfe-ij&fros, $2 40©2 55; Pea, $3: But
ters, $3; small White. $2 05@3 05; large White
$2 40@2 55: Pink $3 60@3 65; Red. $4 25;
Lima. $3 60<ff3 65: Red Kidneys, $4@4 25;
Blackeyes, $2 15®2 23 per ctl; Horse Beans,
$1 75@2.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, none here: Yellow
Mustard, $.1 25; Flax. $1 00®2 25; Canary. 6&©
7c; Alfalfa. 15@15%c; Rape. 1%©2%c; Timo
thy. 5»ic: Hemp. 3%®3%c per lb; Millet, 2%
©:iy.c; Broom Corn Seed. $20021 per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Green Peas, $3 per CtL
Beans and Seeds.
• Chicago.
CHICAGO. Aug. 6.— CATTLE— Receipts, 500;
nominal. Good to prime steers, $5 25@6 25;
poor to medium, $4«g5; stockers and feeders,
$2@4; cows. $1 25<[H: heifers, $2t?4 25: can
ners. $1 50@2 50; bulls. $2Q>4; calves, $2 50@
5 CO; Texas fed steers, $334 50.
HOGS— Receipts, to-day 12.000, Monday 30.
000; steady. Mixed and butchers' $5 2003 50;
good to choice heavy. $5 25®5 60; rough heavy.
$4 S0Q5 10; light. $5 25@5 50; bulk, $5 20 yi
5 40.
SHEEP— Receipts, 3300; steady; lambs,
steady. Good to choice wethers. J3 75<S>4 20;
fair to choice mixed, $393 75: Western sheep,
$3 75*34 10; native lambs, $439 75; Western
lambs. $5@6.
Kansas City.
KANSAS CITT, Aug. 6.— CATTLE— Re
ceipts, 10,000; steady. Native steers, $4(j>G 15;
native cows and heifers. $1 75 | 3>5 15; stockers
and feeders $2 25@4 50; calves, $2 2503 75;
bulls, $2 60®4 75; Western steers, $4@5 75;
Western cows, $1 75@3 75.
HOGS— Receipts. 4000; steady to 5c higher;
bulk. $5 10@5 30; heavy. $5 10#5 20; packers,
$5 10@f> .10; pigs and light. $5@5 35.
SHEEP — Receipts,- 5C0; • steady; muttons,
$3 25®4 75; lambs, M86 25; range wethers,
$3 5(K(M 76; ewes, $3®3 75.
Omaha.
OMAHA, Aur. C— CATTLE— Receipts, 100;
market nominally steady. Native steers, $3 75
«3 95; cows and heifers. $2 50<3>4 25; Western
Bteers, $3 25@l 60; atockers and feeders, $2 75
it ».
HOGS — Receipts. 5000; steady: closed weak.
Heavy. $4 OSSS 05; mixed. $5@5 05; light.
$5 05<g5 15; pigs, $1 G0@5; bulk of sales, $0
@3 10.
SHEEP — Receipts. 800; ' steady. Western
yearlinpg. »3 7r.5?4 23; I wethers, $3 25@3 60.
ewes, $2 "S^ 25: common and stejpkers $2®
3 40; lambs, $4 75@5 60.
Hams and medium' grades of Bacon were
advanced %c yesterday, following the advance
in Lard and sugar-cured' Bacon already quoted.
The ri$e is simply the adjustment of quotations
to tha Chicago level, as trade continues very
quiet and there is no scarcity of stock. There
is nothing new in the Eastern situation.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 10%c per lb for
heavy, lie for light medium. 13c for light.
14c for extra light and 17c for su;rar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 14c; Cali
fornia Hams. 13c; Mess Beef. $10®10 60 per
bbl; extra Mess. $1101150; Family. $12012 50;
prime Mfss Pork, $14 60: extra clear, $21;
Mess, $17 50: Dry Salted Pork. 9%c; Pig Pork.
$24; Pigs' Feet. $5: Smoked Beef. 14c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6%o per lb for
compound and 9%o for pure; half-barrels,
pure 9»4c; 10-lb tins. 10%c; 3-Ib tins. 10?ic;
3-lb tins, 10%c.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. S%c; three
half barrels. 8i*e: one tierce, 8%c; two tierces.
6c; five tierces, 7 Tic per lb.
Provisions.
CHICAGO,' Aur. 6- — On the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market -was steady;
creamery". 13017c; dairy, 12J»15c. Eggs were
steady, 12%gl6Kc. Cheese was steady, 7%®
8Vic.
CATTLE. SIIEEP AND HOGS.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs,
The situation has not changed for some days.
Hay. rules weak under large supplies, while
Feedstufts continue firm. . • . .
BRAN — $21®22 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $24@29 per ton.
SHORTS— $21@22 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $23 00423 00
per ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31 50@32 50;
Jobbing. $33; Cocoanut Cake. J22023: Corn
Meal. $30 50Q31 6.0: - Cracked Corn. $31932;
Mixed Feed. $22@22 60; Horse Bans. $30310
per ton; Broom Corn Feed. 80c per ctl.
HAy— Wheat. $0011. with $12012 50 for ex
tra fine; Wheat and Oat. $S@11; Oat, $7 609
11; Barley and Oat. $7©0 60; Volunteer Wild
Oat, $7$.9- stable. $709 50; stock. . $8 60©7 50;
Clover. $7 50<S9 50; Alfalfa. $7@10 50 per ton.
STRAW — 50970c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
The millers . report a very fair demand for
all descriptions at steady prices.
FLOUR— California Family . Extras. $4 60©
4 90. usual terms; Bakers* Extras, $4 50^-4 80;
Oregon and- Washington, Jobbing At $3 85@4 25
per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in packages are as
follows:- Graham Flour, $3 60 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour $3 50: Rye Meal. $3 25; Rice Flour,
$7; Corn Meal. $3 50; extra cream do, $4 25;
Oat' Greats. $4 50; Hominy. $404 25; Buck
wheat Flour. $4 50@4 75; Cracked . Wheat, $4;
Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 75;
Rolled Oats, bbls, $7 25®8 60; in sacks. $8 750
8 10; Pearl Barley. $6; Split Peas, boxes, $7;
Green Peas. $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour* and Millshiffs.
CHICAGO, Aug. «. — Cash quotations were
as follows: Flour, • firm; winter pat
ents, $4 50; straights. $4 2034 30; spring pat
ents. $4 40#5: utralghts, $3*70fi>4 60; bakers',
$2 7033 50: No. 2 spring wheat. $1 04@l 05;
No. 3, 95c@$l 02; No. 2 red. 99c; No. 2 corn,
52Vic; N"o. 2 yellow, 63%#53%c; No. 2 oats.
83%e: No." 2 white. 83%©3ec; No. 3 white,
32$3'35%c: good feeding barley, 37c; fair, to
choice maltlnfc, 42jJ47c: No. 1 flaxseed, $1 17;-
No. 1 'Northweswrn, $1 24%; prime timothy
seed. $»05; mess pork, per bbl.. $12 37%<i»
12 50: lard, per 100 lbs., $Q 67®6 70; short
ribs eldes (loose),- $7 6O®7 60; short clear sides
(boxed), $SQ>8 25{ whisky, basis of high wines,
$1 29; clover, contract grade, $11 50.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour barrels 15,800 12.500
Wheat, bushels 126.000 145.200
Com busbtla 27S.300 835,500
Oats, bushels 390.100 110.000
Rye. bushel* 7,000. 3.20O
Barley, bushels 7.3C0 2.800
Cash Grain and Provisions.
Mountains except along the Mexican' boundary.
Warm weather continues generally over th«
western half of the country. In the great val
ley of California afternoon temperatures of 10S
ar« reoortcd.
Forecast made at San Frsnrisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, August 7:
Northern California — Cloudy Sunday, thun
derstorms in th* mountains, probably cooler
Boaday night; high southerly winds inland;
brisk westerly winds on the coast with foff.
Pouih-m California — Cloudy Sunday, possibly
Il.^ht showers. i>rubably thunderstorms in
mountain*: fresh rocthwest winds
Nevada — Cloudy Sunday, probably thunder
storms: not eo warm; brisk northwest winds
di^r.'.r.Ishlrr.
Kan yr»n=isco and vicinity— Fair Sunday;
hr.rk westerly winds with fog.
A. G. UeADXE. Diitriet Forecaster.
Fruit and Wheat Bulletin.
Fcr the twenty-fcor hours ending 5 p. m.,
120th meridian t!;3o, San Francisco, August 6:
S S a i s
His a • It
Isis 3 % s!
5TATION1 » » o *. c o
? ? if II
'. \ & • ¦ "
Cloverdals ...100 50 .... dear .00
Colusa 101 94 Clear .00
l>.ir«-ka »;« bo jj . Cloudy .00
Fresno lcs 70 NW Clear .00
Hanford 104 64 Clear .00
HoUister 92 51 W Clear .00
Independence 94 CS W Cloudy .00
King City 90 50 N Clear .00
Llverrnore D5 51 .... Clear .00
Lcs Angeles S4 fi2 W Cloudy .00
M?rccd 1C3 C3 .... Clear .00
Nara SO 61 S Clear" .00
Newcastle 10C 50 W Clear .CO
Newman 106 CO .... Clear"" "00
Palermo 101 €2 S Clear ,C0
Fortenllle 101 CO W Clear .00
)>d Bluff IC8 CC S Clear .00
Rivrrside !>0 62 .... Clear .00
Sacramento 96 56 . Clear .00
San D>co 74 <H SW Clear .00
San Francisco 5S 50 W Clear .00
•San Jc»e 80 54 .... Clear .00
San Luis Ofc!«ro ... 76 54 S Clear .09
Santa Maria 70 56 .... CUar .00
Santa Rosa SS CO .... Clear .00
Wi!!or,-s 105 d S Clear .00
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
Golusa — All crops in toed condition.
Livermor* — Hop picking will btsin at Pleas
ar.ton August 29.
Han Jos; — Grain reported lirht this year.
Ho!!!rtw — Apricot drylr.s and cannlnc com
pleted tor the -eoifon.
Clovcrdalc — Oranges oromise a good crop.
V.'i'.lc.ws— Fruit ripening; good crop and Qual
ity.
Santa Maria— White beets being irrigated are
still crowing; b:sns mature too fast for good
crop.
Hanfcrd — Tcmatces are plentiful; finish cut
tir.ir early 1 o-~!:«-e this week.
Palerrao^ — AH cro^s as before reported.
Newman— No change.
*."aj'a — No chance in crop conditions.
A. G. McADIE. Section DIrectcr.
Nczv York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Aug. C— Close: Money on
call nominal, no lo«ni. Time loans nominal,
00 and 90 days, 2 per cent; six months, 5%
per cent. Prime mercantile paper, 4@4% per
cent. Sterling exchange steady, with actuai
business In bankers 1 bills at $4.851094. SS.»O
for demand, ar.d at $4.&&J3?4.SM5 for CO day
fcli:»; poiteJ rates. 4-1 {*> and H Ss>4©4 S3;
commercial biiis, »4 S4%©4 65%.
liar silver, £!>%c.
Mexican dollars, 45 %c.
Government bonus, steady; railroad bonds,
firm.
Nczv York Stocks and Bonds.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks— Sales. Hl C h. Low. Clcse.
AtchSson 6.SC0 7s»* 78>i 7&H
Atchlson pM .'. jmju
Bcitir.mro £c Ohio. 0U0 J>4Ti bl'i 84%.
U tc o p:e .... Qz
Canadian PaciSc .. 1^5
C«n of New Jersey 102
Ches &. Ohio i(rj 34% 34 V a 34%
Chicago £ A!tcn .. S'JO 40',% 33^ 40
Chic 6c. Alton p'd.. ' fci>i£
C *. G V.' 1,:XK> 14» 4 14>i li&
ChK- & N , 17S
C, M & S P 2.S00 I46',i 148 143
C. M d Et 1' prd 173";
Chicago T & T aii
Chicago T & T pfd 13%
C, C. C & Kt L 73%
Colo fJjuthern ' .... J3*.
Colo South lat pf<J. 2OO 49 49 49
Cois .Sou tli 2J prd. 100 20 2O 19%
Del fc Hudson.... «. JOyiw
Del, Lock * West Sue'
Denver & K G 22%
D&RGpM 100 71«i 71»; 71*;
Erie tfOO 25V* 25 23%
Krie l«t pfd. 900 t&% «3',i 83%
K.-lfe '^& ptd Stfj 37% 37% 37%
llocUlnit Valle-r
HccV Valley prd... 100 «>% 80% 7»=;
Illinois Central ... 100 134% 134% 134>i
1'iv.* Central jg
Iowa Central prd 35
Kan City South '. 21%
K C South pfd 42
Lcul* & Nash 600 117«i 177«» 117?i
Manhattan L. 300 15OVi 150% 15O
Met Securities 1,300 t&% 88 88 -
Met Ft R/ 2lK» HO H8»4 118%
Mexican Central... 1,100 OK 9»» })»4
Minn & fit Louin.. 100 47% 47 v. • 47'
M. fct P & « SteM. 2.20 72H 72 71 «i
M. S P *S fitll pfd .... l"4it
Missouri Pacific 1,300 U3Vi 335; y;;*.
M1E». Kan & Tex. 10O Jfja? ij,»1 J»*i
M. K & T pfd.... 500 41!, 41^ 41%
N.tRR cf M-x rfd •' "* • *iU
New York Central jjg' 3
Ncr & V.'estti-n 300 «Ti oi»i «l«l
Nor WcctUrn p;d * {^'*
Or.tario & West.. 500 3114 31" 31
IVnnsrlvanla 5,700 120*i 120>4 I*»ot4
p. c c & st Louis ..;. 55**
ncaclins 3,700 Kt h'2*l rsujL
Readinir 1st pfd... 100 84 84 83%
Rea.lir* 2d pfd cgf?
Rock Island Co...: 3,firjO 23% 21 ,¦ 03^
Rock Island Co pfd 1.1CN) C«% r,.;' Zr,Z
St L & S F 2d pfd. 2.S00 58'., 57% 67tJ
ft Louis South 2OO 14*4 14U 13^
St Louis South pfd bfK* 38*1 2«U 3o2
Ecuthcrn Pactfic... 2,100 60«j, 60 BOW
Southern Ry ....." 2,800 25% 25% 25%
S.iuthemRy pfd.. 2<H) l«t-7i yc% »o
. Texiiis A raciflc... 3.300 27% 27% 27%
; Tsl. St L & West 25%
T. 6t L & W pfd 2W 38T« 38", 3s5
'Union Pacific 4.400 00% W!% 9c \- t
Quotations show little change. Almonds rule
firm and old Apples are still closely held.
Packers are bidding 6%G6o for new Evapor
ated Apples, but no sales at these prices are
reported. The other fruits are steady. There
is nothing new In the Raisin situation, which
seems now pretty well settled for the time
being.
FRUITS — N«w . crop— Apricots. 7%©9Uc;
Peaches, 5%©7%e per lb; Pears. 6<g9%c; Flea,
2-crown bricks'. 62%C; S-crown.. 55c; 4-crown,
65c; 6-crown, 75c; bulk white. 3%@3%ci black.
4c Old crop — Evaporated Apples, 6%@7%e per
pound. ... i .• i ¦ ¦.
PRUNES— 1903 cropv 1%©2%« fcr the four
sizes.
RAISINS — Association f. o. b. prices Fresno
(subject to change without notice) are as fol
lows: 50- lb boxes — Loose Muscatels. 3-crown,
8c; 2-crown, 2%c; Malaga, loose, 3-crown,
2%c; 2-crown. 2%e; seedless Sultanas, 3c;
seedless Muscatels. 2 '4c; Seeded Raisins. 16-oa
cartons, fancy. 4%c; choice, 4c; 12-oz cartons,
fancy. 3%c: choice. 3V;c per lb.
NUTS — Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 13%®14c:
No. 2, ll%(012c; No. 1 hardshell. 13@13%c;
No. 2 11G11%c; Almonds. 13^@13«4e for new
Nonpareils. 12H@12%c for I X L. 12@12%c for
Ne Plus Ultra; Peanuts, 6-® 7c for Eastern; Pe
cans, . 11013c; Cocoanuts, $4 5O©5.
HONEY— Comb, ll%@13c for white and 100
lie for amber; water white extracted. 6%<9
6%c; light amber extracted. 5-gOc; dark. 3%9
BEESWAX— 27©29c per lb.
Dried Fruits.Nuts^Raisins, Honey.
The leading futures ranged as follows':
. Articles— Open. . High. . Low. Close.-
Wheat No. 2—
September, old.. 97% 99 97^ 98^
September, new. 97 97% 9«Vi 3"H
December 98 00% 95 96 VI
May 97% 98% 96% 97%
Corn No. 2-r- . .
August - 51%
September 81% 62U 61% 62%
December 4S{£ 48% 43 V» 4S%
Oats No. 2 — .
September 83*4 --. 83ft- 32^4 32%
December 34 84H 33% -33%
May 33% 35% 85& 35%
Mess Pork, per bbl^r- •¦ - •¦• -i
September 12 72*6 12 72H 12 SO 12 42£
October 13 70 13 70 12 35 12 45
Lard, per 100 Jb*.— " .
September 6 S7*4 6 87}4 8 75 6 77%
October 0 92% 6 92% 6 82% 6 82%
• Short Ribs, per 100 lbs.—
September 7 62% 7 62% t 52% 7 60
October. '7 57% 7 60 7 50 7 55:
/ CHICAGO, Aug. «.— Besides taking into ac
count weakness at Liverpool and other foreign
centers, wheat traders here started with a
bearish Inclination, owing to favorable weather
conditions and the advices from Manitoba hold,
ing out- more cheerful prospects for the new
crop. Increased rocelpfs were an additional
factor in the domestic situation, tending to
bring out liberal offerings. The market opened
with September off «4c to ltfc at 06%c. A
largo quantity of long wheat was offered for
sale during the first few minutes. . While there
was fair buying by Southwestern houses and
local shorts, the demand was not sufficient to
prevent a further decline, September falling to
96^4 c. As 'boon as smaller holders had secured
pro.'lts the market became . somewhat firmer,
September rallying to -97c. For a time the
trading was rather light, with prices holding
fairly steady. A report by a prominent Chi
cago operator, who has been Investigating
tho wheat situation In the Northwest, etated
that the spring wheat crop was in a critical
condition and caused a fresh burst of bullish
enthusiasm. Thoae who had sold short on the
more favorable advices of the early part of
the session hastened to cover. There was also
good buying, by bull leaders. Under an active
demand September advanced to 07 %o. More
long wheat, however, came out on the bulge
and the market again eased off, September
closing at 07};®979>,c
! Corn was in sympathy with wheat. Septem
ber cloeed off a shade at 62 He
Oats w%re weak, September losing %o, at
I 32ftc.
I Reselling by packers in the face of a poor
1 demand caused weakness in provisions. At the
close September pork wa» down 35c. lard was
off 12%o and ribs 2%®6c lower. .
Future Grain and Provisions.
"Dealers etill confine their purchases to
Coffees of moderate cost, entirely neglecting
the better descriptions, say from lie up-n-arfl.
There has been, however, no noticeable pres
sure on the part ' of holders to sell, and our
quotations for these are therefore wholly nom
inal In the absence of any recent transaction*
of moment. *!-.*
."To-day's first hand stock consists of 12.T0
bags Costa Rica 504 Nicaragua. 16.030 Sal
vador 32.470 Guatemala, 1011 Mexican and
6450 various; in all 56.824 bags.
"Deliveries from first haniis sine* the 6th
nit Include: 896 bags Conta R!ea. 2S0 Nioara,
gua. 5S1S Salvador. 8CC2 Guatemala* 210 Mexi
can and 208 various: in all 13,544 bags.
"Market closes quiet." •
Costa Rica— Nominal : 14*miie for strictly
prime, to fancy washed; 22HOW$« for prime
washed- im012 t -4c for Rood washed: IUjSIJc
for good to prime washed r*ab*rry; 10<311c for
good to prime- peaterry; llfil2Uc for good t6
prime: «<01O%c fcr fair; "liHSVaC for common
to ordinary. .
Salvador — 13©14e for fancy washed, nominal:
l°-ai2*ic for strictly prime washed: 10>-i^ll%c
for good to prime washed: 9'4©10 I -*c for fair
washed: 10® 11 Me for fair to prime washed
peaberry; IOUIO^c for good to prime semi
washed- 9Ht?!> s ic '° r superior unwashed; 9c
for good green unwashed: 9^fflf»c for good t»
superior unwashed peaberry; 63Sc for inferior
tO N°caxag5a— Nominal: ll%«13'ie for rriine
to'fancy washed: 9V*<O10Hc for fair to strictly
good washed: 8^©8%c for good to superior
unwashed; 0^©10c for good to prime unwashed
Pe cSmala and Mexlca n -13%«15c for fancy
washed nominal: 11^913%c for prime to.
strictly prime washrt: 11©11%c for strictly
pood washed: 10^®10%c for ; cood washed : ft^
eiOVic for fair washed: SU«9c for medium:
eJt*a for Inferior to. ordinary; 10^«imc for
22? to prim, washed peaberry: 9^10c for
ISod to prime unwashed peaberry; 0£0%c for
good to superior unwashed.
"July markets have been as usual extremely
dull and featureless everywhere and prices aro
either unchanged or within a small fraction
of our last figures.
"The heavy local deliveries In June to some
extent account for ¦ tfce apathy here, as ar
rivals have not more than kept pac» with de
mand and stocks in all hands are but fair,
wltir'no prospect of increasing during the re
mainder of this crop and every prospect of
decreasing rapidly during the fall months.
COFFEE — C. E. Blckfortl's circular gives tha
receipts at this port thus far thl3 year at
1W.343 bags, asainst 224.CS0 for the same tin*
last year. The sales from Erst hands wer«
136.973 bags, against 159.021. The stock in
first hands August 1 was 47..T13 ba«s. against
92.116 last -year.. The world's visible «ur>rtly
August 1 was 12.580.454 bases, against 12,370,
46« last year. The circular says:
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Reflnins: Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In lPO-ib bars:
Cubes. A Crushed anJ Fine Cru3h«l 0.15c:-
Powdered. Cc; Candy Granulated. «e; Dry
Granulated, fine. 5.00c; Dry r.rar.ulated. t— I m.
5.90c; Fruit Granulatci!.. <Jc; Heet Cranu-'
lated (100-lb baps only) : Confectioners*
A. 5.90c: Maamolia A. 5.50c: Extra C. 5.40e:
Golden C. 5.30c; "D." 5.20c: barrels. l»c merer
half barrels. 23o more; boxes. ZOe mnrp; .V>-lb
bags. lOo more for all kinds Tablets— Half
barrels. 6.40c; boxes. G.6.">c: H. A E. Crystal
Dominos. 8.90c per lb. No orders taken fort
less than seventy-five barrels or Its equivalent
CANNED SALMON— Th# Rrltlsh Columbia
pack for 1904 la given at 221.500 case*, asaintt
473,547 cases last year. The heaviest packs
were: Frazcr River 33.C0O cases: Skepna
River. CO. COO: Rivers Inlet. 0i>0C0; Sana River.
15.0W), the others ransfn? under 10.000 case.". ,
TIN PLATE — The American Sheet and Tin
Plate Company has announced a reduction of
$3 a ton in tin plate. This makes 100-lb cok»
terne plates $3 30 a box. the lowest price
since the combination waa effected.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead 1M9
7*;c per lb: White Lead. 7 l i'£7»ic. accordL-.ff
to quantity.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. in fculti.'
13d Pearl Oil. in cases. ViVtc; Astral lDHs;
Star. 13^c; Extra Star. 21c: Elaine. Me; Eo-.
cene, 23c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline in bulH
16c; in cases. 22Vic; Benzine, in bulk. 13c; la
cases. 13&c; S6-degree Gasollna. la bulk. 20c;
In casei. Sic.
TURPENTINE— 81c per gallon In cases iad
» 5c in dniire and iron- barrel*
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for -cases
add 5c; Linseed, 57j per gallon for bolted an.l
65c for raw; Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1 70c-
Eakers' AA. cases. $1 10^1 12: LucoJ. 50c for
boiled and 4Se for raw; China Nut. ra^es,
f>o@$0c per gallon; Cocoanut Oil, In banvln
6Sc for Ceylon and 5oc for Australian; extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil, CSc: natural winter
Sperm Oil. «53e: extra bleach-d winter WS1»
Oil. 57c: nafural Whale Oil, 52c: extra wtettr
strained Lard Oil. 75c: No. - 1 Lard OH »:.-<•
pure Neatsfoot Oil. IZc: No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil.
CXc; light Herria* Oil, 42c: dark Herrlnff Oil
40c: Salmon Oil, 34c; bcilnd Fish Oil 37<--: ra-W
Fish Oil. 35c; boiled Paint Oil. 3Cj; raw Paint'
Oil. 31e.
COAL — Wellington. $S per ten; New TTe'.lin*.
ton $8: Seattle. $6 60; Bryant. $Q 50: Beaver
Hill. $3 B0; Standard. 87; Roslyn. $7- Coos
Bay. J5 50: Greta. $7: Wailsend. $7: Richmond
$7 50; Cumberland. $10 in bulk and $11 "3 ta
rack*: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg $U-
Yv'elsh Anthracite Hsrg. $13: Welsh Lure"
$11 SO; Cannel. $S Srt per ten: Coke. Ill 50©{:j
per ton In bulk and $15 in sacks; Roclty Moun
tain descriptions, $11 43 per 2CC0 lbs and $12 gt>
per long ton. according to brand.
BAGS— Grain Bags. $3 13«5 23: San Qj»n
tln. $t 75; Wool bags. S0)g32c: Fleece Twine.
7%c: Fruit Bags. 6H37Vic for white and 7j
for brown Jute.
General Merchandise.
200 to 230 lbs. 4ftc; 130 lbs and under. 4'jc:
over 250 It*. 4i; C ; soft negs. nominal: Sow*.
20 per cent off; Bears. 50 per cent off. ao4
Stags, 40 per cent off from above quotations.
NEW YORK. Aug. 6.— Total lmtsorts' of
dry goods and general merchandise at the port
of New York for the week ending to-day were
valued at $11,202,423.
. Exports of Fpecle from New York for the
week were $6510 if old and $802,657 silver.
Imports of eoecle at New York during the
week were $26,250 silver aad $290,835 gold.
Chicago Board of Trade.
Nczv York Dry Goods.
Open. High. Low. dose.
December ...$1 07% $108% $107% $108%
OATS— The market rules very firm. . with
quotations advancing under an active and
growing demand for seed, both here and In
the country All descriptions are wanted for
this account. The local feeding and milling
demand is merely fair. . Receipts and stocks
are" both moderate-. • „„-,....».. .*
White. $1 40-31 48; Surprise, ¦ $1 45^1 80;
Red $1 27%@1 u5 for feed and $1 35©1 40 for
seed; Black.- $1 25@1 30 for. feed -and $1 35©
1 40 for "seed. ' -¦-¦--•- - . . , ¦ :
CORN — Eleven hundred centals came in from
the West yesterday. The market 'continues
quiet and unchanged. • ¦ . '. •
Western sacked. $1 47%$1 65 for Yellow and
White and U 45@1 50 for Mixed; California
large Yellow, $1 5031 57%; small round do.
$1 5591 60; White, nominal; Egyptian, $1309
1 35- for White and $1 25®1 30 for Browa. "
RYE — $1 25@1 30 for new. . - J =- - -
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal at $1 7002 ptr CtL
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Feed $1 0SQ1 08%; new Brewing and Ship
ping. $1 10®l 15; Chevalier, $1 17V4©1 80 per
ctl. .
California Club. $1 37%®1 42^: California
White Australian. $1 55®1 57%: Northern Club,
$1 87H91 42V&; Northern Bluestem. $1 52tf9
1 55 per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 0 to 11:30 a, m.
Open. High. Low. . Close.
December ...$1 41% $1 45 $1 44*4 $1 **%
BARLEY — The week closed with the cash
grain steady and the futures weak. The
feature of the market at present is the heavy
buying by Los Angeles and other southern
points as far north as Salinas on the coast
and Stockton In the San Joaquin Valley. One
local firm alone has sold 15.000 sacks In the
Salinas Valley for this account during the past
few days, and there are other large sellers
besides; This gives a good idea of the volume
of this movement. In addition there Is still
a lively demand by speculators and millers in
the Sacramento Valley, so It will be seen that
the market is very active in the country, no
matter. how it may be in this city..
• , CASH BARLEY.
The English market- was weak, with lower
Liverpool futures. The French markets wero
unchanged. The Hungarian crop was raised
3,200,000 bushels on account of the heavy
quality of the grain. The Swedish prospects
were lowered, by drought.
Chicago, though still nervous and unsettled.
was less feverish and erratic than on Friday,
and the fluctuations were narrower, as will
bo seen. The Kansas City Star said: "Sixty
million bushels less than last year for Nebras
ka, Kansas and Oklahoma."
The Chicago- wires of R. Brent Mitchell said:
"It was a hesitating but nervous market. The
opening was weak on further liquidation, but
the wheat seemed to be well taken and most of
the early loss regained. -Advices from the
Northwest crop are of the same 'general char
acter, but the market is getting Used to It a
little and the moderate statement given cut
by Jones yesterday has made a rather more
conservative estimate of the Northwest condi
tions. Northwest advices will continue to be
the principal influence for the time being-.
While the market has had a big advance, we
hardly feel like getting bearish' until the con
ditions are more definitely assured for - that '
section. Pending this we look for a hesita-9
ting market and are inclined to think we would
buy Wheat on the breaks." , -. t
In this market both cash grain aad futures
were quieter and not materially changed. The
cash grain showed an easy feeling, as buyers
were indifferent and held off. '
CASH WHEAT.
IV heat and Other Grains.
APRICOTS — Nominal. „„,
APPLES— $1®1 25 per box for fancy. 65@55o
for choice and 35@50c for common: Crab Ap
ples. 50©60o for small boxes and $1 for large.
PEARS— Bartlett. S5c$$l 15 per box for No.
I and 25tf40c for No. 2.
PEACHES — Small boxes, S5<C60c; carriers.
60®65«: open boxes. 60®75c; lug boxes. eOc@$l.
PLUMS AND PRUNES— Plums. 45@<55c per
crate and 30@40cper small box; In bulk. $7©
15 per ton. Prunes. 40@€5o per box or crate.
NECTARINES— $1 per crat» for red and 60c
for white.
FIGS— $1 2501 50 per box.
MELONS — Cantaloupes, $131 50 per crate;
Nutmeg Melons. S5<365c per box; Watermelons.
$1 2563 per dozen.
GRAPES— Seedless. 60®75o per small box or
crato and 65<375c for open boxes; Muscat : €0®
75o peTcrate: Black. 50<075o: Fontalnebleau.
CITRUS FRUITS — Oranges. $1 60®2 BO per
box for Valencia* and $1 25@1 SO for Mediter
ranean Sweets; Lemons. $2 25©2 75 for fancy.
$1 50©l 75 for choice and $1@1 25 for stand
ard; Mexican Limes. $4©4 50 per case; Ba
nanas, $1 50@3 per bunch for Central Ameri
can and 75cO$l 50 for Hawaiian; Pineapples,
II 50®2 50 per dozen.
The fruit market was quite active under the
usual extra demand for Sunday, but the In
creased trading did not cause any advance in
prices of small tree fruits, as stocks of most
kinds were more than sufficient. Tha previous
high prices drew in free supplies of Peaches
in large open boxes and they were quoted
lower. while prices of smaller packages were
well maintained under a good call for. local use
and ehippitg purposes. The canners were of
fering 1 (25 per ton for bulk stock and secured
several lota of tho Mulr variety at that price.
They were also In the market for Plums at $7
per ton for red and* $15 for green and yellow
varieties, but were unable to procure many at
these rate*. Plums and Prunes in small pack
ages were plentiful and rather weak, with
plenty of poor and soft stock to be had at
the minimum quotations. Bartlett Pears were
in increased supply and the' canners reduced
their bids to $23-330 per ton - for- No. X and
25©40c per box for No. 2 stock. Fancy
wrapped stock was In good request. Ordinary
offering's from the river were selling at 63<*j>
»0c per box, while the Martlnes article was
firm at $1®1 15. Figs were scarce and firm
and Apricots were in light receipt and nominal.
Cantaloupes and Nutmeg Melons were weak,
particularly the latter, large linea of which
had to be held over. The best Bravenstein
Apples were rather scarce and firm at the
maximum quotations, while the lower grades
sold off well at unchanged prices. Grapes
continued plentiful and dragged badly at lower
prices. 8trawberriea and Raspberries cleaned
up readily at firmer rates, while Blackberries
continued weak. All descriptions of Citrus
and Tropical fruits stood as previously quoted.
STRAWBERRIES— $5@7 per chest forLor.*
worths. $4@*5 for Alviso Berries and $335 for
the larger varieties..
BLACKBERRIES— $1 50«S3 per chest.
RASPBERRIES— $S@11 per chest. •
HUCKLEBERRIES— 10®12%o per Ib.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
NEW YORK, ¦ Aug. 6.— Cotton futures opened
easy; August, 0.00c; September. 9.81c; October.
0.62c; November, 9.50c; December, 9.59c;
January, 9.61c; March; 9.68c; May, O.COc.
The cotton market closed quiet and steady;
August, 0.9Sc ; September. 9.78c; October. 9.62c;
November. 9.53c; December. 9.58c; January.
9.60c; February, 3.61c; Starch. O.C5c; April.
O.COc.
Spot quiet and steady: mlddlirur uplands,
10.45c; middling gulf. 10.70c; sales; 1163 bales.
Nexv York Cotton Market.
.;;Cal!ec!icn Day durtiged to Friday, the i2/£.
.. ll'ail-y.rcet Stocks close the zveek fractionally firmer,
.¦flusinesson the local stock exchanges still quiet.
.Local Bank Clearings about the same as last year.
¦'Ship»:ert of $337,217 to the Orient.
: Wight fluctuations in Foreign Exchange.
yU-hcat less excited and not materially ciianged.
': i* c f' v * movement in Barley in the interior.
<Va!s continue firm under a demand for seed.
; No. further change in Corn or Rye.
\ Flour' and Millstuffs in fair demand.
Hay still voeak and plentiful Feedstufrs firm.
y: >.an'eroiis narrow fluctuations in Beans.
;.. Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables in liberal supply.
'Poultry steady and well cleaned up.
. Fruit in good demand for the Sunday trade.
• •.Vert* Almonds firm and selling well.
." Dried Fntits and Raisins about as before stated.
'Hams and Bacon y 2 c higher. Lard firm.
' N-czv York reports an easier market for Hops.
*;Cati!e, Sheep and Hogs unchanged.
Qofee market dull and featureless.
Tin Plate $3 per ton lozver.
-. Butter higher, with the market cleaning up.
Eggs dull and easy. Clieesc unchanged.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
NEW YORK, Aur. 6.— There was not much
doing in any of the metal markets to-day and
prices wero unchanged and In the case' of
tin no more than steady.
Copper. lake and electrolytic. 12.50@12.75c;
casting. 12.23ei2.6Oe.
Tin-Spot. 2fl.75®27c
Spelter— Quiet; «pot. 4.7904.95a. ¦
Lead— Steady; 4.20#425c
Iron — Nominally unchanged.
New York Metal Market.
INTERNATIONAL.
New York on Mexico 215
Berlin on London : 20.46<!4
Paris on London 25. 25^
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 85%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 88%*
Sterling Exchange, cables...*. — 4 S9«i
New Ycrk Exchange, tight — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 12H
Silver, per ounce ...:....*....... — 68%
Mexican Dollars..'... -48 0 46%
LOCAL.
The China took out a treasure list of $337,
217. consisting of $63,000 in silver bullion,
$6324 'in -Mexican -dollars, $863 in gold coin
and 5240 in United States currency for Hong
kong and $266,7S3 In silver bullion for
Shanghai.
There were several Insignificant fluctuations
in Exchange.
The steamer Ventura, due at this port from
Sydney August 8, will bring £200,000 in Brit
ish sovereigns, consigned to tha Anrlo-Calt
fornlan Bank (Limited).
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL MAEKETS. :
EGGS — Ranch. 24326c for choice and 21923c
for fair to good; store, 10tr21c; Eastern. 20®
22^c for firsts and lS'.iSlOc for seconds.
BUTTER — Creamery at first hands. 23®24e
for extras and 22Q22VSc for firsts; dairy, 179
19c; store Butter, 14@16c; Eastern creamery,
l9H620c; Eastern ladle-packed. 14815%c-per
Pound.
CHEESE— 969 %e for choice mild new and
8@SV£c for lower grades; Toung Americas. 119
UH=; Eastern, 10015c; Utah, 12c per lb.
Very few Eggs are bringing 26c and the
major part of the fine ranch aro «enin&rf»t
24&25c. Stocks are not heavy, but the T:e
mand is very slow, which has led many dealers
to shade their quotations during the past week
to work oft their supplies.
Receipts were 00,50 lbs Butter. 969 cases
Egss and 9700 lbs Cheese.
There was & further advance in Butter yes
terday, though the opinion was general that it
was injudicious and would result in a break
later on. Most of the trade said that It the
market were left alone at about 22}4c it woulfl
take car* of itself and stocks would work off
easily, whereas the current rise Is quite likely
to make a disturbance In the near future. -B«
tola as it may, four out of five bouses quoted
the advance all the same, even while protest-
Ing against it. Stocks are getting much lighter
and the fine creameries are well cleaned up.
Cheese continues dull and top-heavy, with
plenty here.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
TACOilA. Aug. • 6.— Clearings 5304,759; bal
ances • $43,267. - -
PORTLAND.- -Aug. 6.— Clearings $460,657;
balances $70,702.
SPOKANE. Aug. «.— Clearings $301,157; bal
ances $37,552. ' ' "* " ¦
GAME — Wild Doves, 50@e0c per dozen; Hare.
$1'25®1'5O per dozen; Cottontail Rabbits.' $1 50
C2 per dozen. • - ."
firmly maintained. • - Gammon . are quoted at
4@3tec: prime, 5% ®tJc; choice, CV4@ti?ic;
fancy' 7® 7 14c. -¦•-,¦¦¦..
PRUNES — Show no material ; change either
In general trade conditions or -prices, which
range from 2c to GHc, according to grade. ' "¦
APRICOTS — Seem to be attracting a little
better Uemand for prompt shipment, but prices
remain unchanged. Prices are quoted at 8'4©
10c; extra choice, 10H@10^c ; fancy, 11913c.
PEACHES— Remain quiet. Choice are quoted
at 7®7^c: extra choice, 7%@6c; fancy/ OVi
©10c.
THE SAN FRANCISCO -CALL,- SUNDAY, AUGUST 7, 190*.
Continued on Page Forty-two,
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
43
EASTEKN MAEKETS.
AUCTION SALES
fei
SIXTY HORSES FOR
SALE
By order of I. V. Button. I will sell at Pub-
lic Auction. SIXTY HORSES, brclten aad un-
broken, weighing from lu©0 to 14oo lbs. Th»3«
horses are known as the, double-square horses
and are the best all-purpose horses ever of-
fered for sale at public auction.
Sale takes place THURSDAY. Aus. 11. at 11
a. m., at J. B. IIORAN'3 'SALE YARD. cor.
Tenth and Bryant sts.
Horses can be seen at yards from Tuesday
mornlnc until day of sale.
S. WATKINS, Auctioneer,
£« AT AUCTION fi»
On MOXDAT. An?. 9, at 11 o'clock, at 122
Grove st.,^i lot cf well broken work arrt driv-
ing horses. Must be sold. S. WATKIN3.
Auctioneer. t
/N_ BIG AUCTION TUESDAY. Aufr. 9, 11
>¦•*» a. m.. at 1140 Folsom St., cf 20 good
horses. 3 rubber tire runabouts, 1 floater, ; 1
pony, 30 sets harness, and a lan;e assortment
of wnirons. carts, surreys and buggies. WM.
CLOUGH. Auctioneer.a handkerchief, were discovered on I
the steps, where they had evidently I
been placed overnight. The «t«lea
bills were not returned.
ANTELOPE, Or.. Aug. 6. — News
has just reached here that in a battle
with horse thieves Under Sheriff
James Steele was" shot in the mouth*
this morning- and mortally wounded.
The thieves, . who are " supposed to
be an ex-convict named Lovejoy and a
young fellow" named Gibbons, stole
three horses from E. S. Qiiimby, Sam
Glover and Ray Logan. "all 'ranchers,
Friday of last week. ¦ a
telephone message was received from
Bridgeman stating that the thieves
¦were in that neighborhood and Deputy
Steele and nosse of ten men started in
pursuit. Early this morning the posse
.> ; *
Officer With > Posse Goes After thc
Brigands and a Battle Is
the Result.
HORSE THIEVES FATAXI.Y
WOUND DEPUTY SHERIFF
WHEATLAND, Augr 6.— Charles A.
Pettit, an electrician, was killed here
this morning. He was making a wire
connection ¦ on the J. H. .Durst hop
rancn when he came in contact with a
wire carrying: 2200 volts. Pettit .was
a stranger here and his residence is
unknown*
Electrician Is Killed.
' Already many parties are planning to epend
a rood part of August at Hotel El Paso da
nobles, which . will - bs the social headquarters
tor the < bir army camp to be maintained
August 13-31. Over five thousand men of reg
ular army and National • Guard will be * en
camped there, - and - incidentally at the - hotel
there will be* a merry round of social func
tions. The camp . Is about ten ¦ miles away,
but a special train and automobile service over
oiled country roads- will make Camp Atasca
dero readily accessible. "Special railway rates
will be made from San Francisco, Los An
geles and intermediate . points, with hotel - ac
commodations. For detail* apply Information
Bureau. Southern Pacific •
Army 'Society at Paso Robles.
came In touch with the outlaws, who
immediately opened fire with • their
forces. A . battle then commenced,
which resulted in the wounding < of
Deputy Steele, when the thieves
availed ' themselves of the confusion
and escaped.
Assessor— I'll put you down asare-*
tired farmer. BH0B|S^B
Quitwork— Yes, an' darn tired of
everything.— pittsburg Gazette,
WHEATLAND, Aug. 6.— Thomas H.
Crowley committed suicide " in the
town 1 jail here last night by, cutting his
throat with a razor. At the" inquest : it
developed, that-he \, was : an iron \ molder
and ; his : sister lives . in San Francisco
on Jones ; streets
Daughter 1 — What is the dead-letter
office, mamma?
Mamma— Tour father's pocket—
Town and Country.
I REDDING, Aug. 6.— Officers of
Northern Trinity County believe that
the GateB brothers, George and Ver
non, who are wanted for the robbery
of the Oregon Express at" Copley on
the night of March . 31 and the mur
der of Messenger O'Neill, are in hid
ing in that : region. They are so cer
tain of it that a posse in charge of
Deputy Sheriff Frank Bassham ' and
led by a'fanious Indian trailer known
as "Pap" ¦Williams is to start out Sun
day morning to unearth the hiding
place of the bandits.
Robbers of. Oregon Express
at Copley.
Officers Start Again in Search of the
SAY GATES BROTHERS
MAY BE IN TRINITY
Woman Finds Stolen Gems on Front
Steps, but Roll of Bank Notes
Is Missing. *
VANCOUVER. B. C. Aug. 6.—
Twelve days ago Mrs. D. A. Ross of
this city was robbed of $2000. worth of
diamonds, and 41100 in bank bills.
To-day the diamonds, wrapped up, in
RETURNS THE DIAMONDS,
BUT NOT THE MONEY
NAPA, Aug 1 . 6. — Dr. Francis Del
mont, a physician from San Francisco,
appeared at Chantille. : his summer
home near Oakville, in this county,
and treated his wife and her com
panion to a severe horsewhipping last
evening. It appears that Mrs. Del
monthas been spending the summer
at the above resort and has been re
ceiving attentions from one Gaston
Bocquet. Divorce proceedings of a
sensational nature will be the out
come of this affair.
Physician Makes Sensational Dis
covery at Napa County Resort
and Divorce .-Is Sought.
THRASHES HIS WIFE
AND HER COMPANION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 7, .-190*.
44
CHANCES
advertisements in THE CALL.
Sec Pages 38 to 42. .
Readers will: also profit. by care-
fully scrutinizing the ;.'
REAL ESTATE and BUSINESS
advertisements.
and ! ..
SITUATION WANTED
Especial attention is invited to
the ¦
DOMESTIC HELP
I FIDELITY RUPTURE CURES
I l344JV1arket St, San Francisco 8
aBBflBBUBBBBBfllBJUBBBBBflBBBIflflflfllBflfllBfllUIV 11
BBBBIBBBBIBBBIHBBBBH^BlBimBBlHIBBIUIIMINB
! RUPTURE CURED I
21 . Our cure is safe, certain and practically painlesa. Age makes ¦
5 no difference. We have cured cases ranging in age from 5 to So years. **
¦5 Here is one: n
H San Francisco, Cal., July 24, 1904. n
¦ "Our little daughter was ruptured at the age of 3^' years and |j
B grew steadily worse. When she- was 10 years old we" placed her ¦
g under your care and at the end of seven treatments she was perma- ¦
•* nently cured. She is now very active, running and jumping with- ¦
2v out pain or inc6nvenience. I believe your treatment will cure any JJ
5 .rupture that can be: held by a truss." ->" * °
a E..G. HURSCH. 3068 Twentieth street, San Francisco- n
¦ Miss Hursch received her last treatment June 13, 1903 a
¦ WE CAN CURE YOU. «
Brighten up the carpet-—
make the room look cheerful.
Oar advertisers will quote you
prices.
See CAR PITT CLEANING .
COLUMNS. >
HAIjETS. l HAIiKS. | HALE'a. | HAIiCg. < f HAIiCS. 1 UAUBB. | . TT^T.^a.
~0iWSn^^ For the embroideries are finest cambric, swiss and nainsook, in all widths from the nar-
||!|//^^ rowest edgings up to beautiful full flouncings for skirts. The values are better than we
v^^ivS^tT Slfe.Mp^S^^OTW And yet there isn't an old pattern or an undesirable style or an and forcibly as now. Even the least expert can't fail to see the
/'fy^'^&xT^^ t\ i^^^H Plllillii^ imperfect piece in the whole lot. It's the biggest embroidery event bigness of the deal and the unusualness of thc opportunity.
<• \^ r^^^fr^^^^ rr?h^^ r^t^^^^^^P^^^" We have ever bcen able tO - P lace before San Francisco public, We have taken all the space we can for them, spread them
\ f n 'P ij$i$* Sl^K^^ 4^-^==^^ anc j we have ha( j som e big ones. out on all the tables in the bargain aisle and down the embroidery
** rii W^MMf^^^^^^^^ 1 ' 3 an event at concerns taking over the entire sample line aisle; filled two big windows full; engaged extra salespeople. We
l -^^^om^m^^^fil§i^ j)j|pfi5g=sP*yg^^° : of the country's foremost importer at a fraction of its worth, know crowds will come to share them. We have tried to arrange
B§2Sfe r^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^™"^ Think what a power it took to consummate such a deal, things so buying will be comfortable. Just a glance at the prices
ocidom is the power ox xxaic mercnanuising Drougnt out so clearly Here. ->
Embroideries Embroideries Embroideries Embroideries Embroideries Embroideries Embroideries
5C VCI "Worth 10c IOC yd WortHlSo«naaoo. *15C yd •»* 8 °°- 25C yd Wortt«»toa0o»«. 38C yd Worth 60o and Wo yfl. 75C -yd WortHnptoSl^Oyd. 98C yd Worth trp to taJW yd.
EdglESs, 1H to 4 In. wide, inser- Daintiest of swiss, cambrio and ~In swiss, caxnbrio and nainsook. Beautiful designs from 4 in. wide Pine swiss flouncings for skirted Swiss flouncings for skirts, 43 in. Handsome designs in rwiss floun*-
tions !j tol in. \ride. as dainty and nainsook edgings from 2 to Sin. wide; dainty edgings from 3 In. wide to to 18 in., beading effects, for corset baby clothes. 45 ln. wide, pretty da- wide, beautiful designs in floral, ten- ings, hemstitched and scalloped. 45
pretty styles as one would pay 10c insertions from 1 to 2 in. wide. All corset cover embroideries 12 In. wide; covers. signs with scalloped edges. erllte. wheat and blind Btitch effects. In. wide; some with lac« insertion,
for usually. All at 5a at 10a Insertions 1 to 2 In. __^ scalloped and hemstitched. others with dainty tenerlff* effects.
79 8 ? c Y^d fpr White Blankets 48c Pr. XwTt^r l ft>^WIBIv%llW^M^R-^M^^^ iT J O
I J^rlSL^Sai t y Ll^_ Extra New. of Beddings All Along the Line. .J™W*£ ££««. d £ 1 1
Sn^ow-SJ 1 £££ S,fSSS^% Sheets, Cases, Spreads, Comforters, All Special Values. - at &£ tfat's lc eac|4Yct here Wi StM\M -i mlh
this Hale linen business, how careful we To remind vou— that the Knisrhts Temolar are comin^next they arc singly at 12c. When you v \# %%*$. 9
are or it. The very bigness makes the im- 10 remind you mat tne Knignts l empiar are coining ncxi sec what high-grade semi-porcelain i:s; <<?^/¥^^^^^M^x2\ \\% H^^W ft'i'h^ilCS >Xi^W^t§
pcrters respect it. -u-hen they get a good month; that you will need extra beddings then, even if you don t they are, how prettily decorated _
now; that Hale's is the place to buy them if you want good bed- in the flown blu? decoration, with WWW^^^ \K5i\\ Ifc W®1 %> kII
to-morrow in this ji.25 Uaen at 85c yd. dings, if you want to pay less. Now is the time. Let prices talk. mat embossed desten -and -dainty J \Jr\J\Jr /^/Mr^^h^CS\vf\"\ v W^ $&• W^m
,n^uaJ Ol £ CrS <VIUaIJy lxaportaat - equaJly These blankets arc 46 inches wide and 75 inches long, in white or beading edge, you will not be slow £ f W f^^^^^^^^l h W\ 1
Bleached Llao, 61.15 y<L— Regularly gray; just the size for single beds; make good sheets for winter; just to snare them.. % _,.^. C^-Lil'a JL '&£•¦'% iP^l M^" 'P^'v^^^^^a 4-fJ
. J3.60 yd.; 72 la. wide. -bleached, with a oqq Da ; rs o f them 48c oair If y° n havo need of new cups "i 1 IP^k • N3^f5 B&&&-"&\': M i >t^^VL >5^>^»K.. ' <^V W f ;fi
heavy satin finish. J1.15 yd. 3O0 pairS OI incm ' 4°c pair. saucers or dinner ware of eny kind, | )0 -fLO S^+ V&A JTK^r^ T % $ mtr^C^^SS^^^^& AH
Tatle lilaea. 4So yd. —^6 in. wida, all "WTiita Bl*aiet», $6.95 pr. — Double bed Qhapfc f*+ vIslt Hale's third floor to-morrow. R—^ Z-B B U I fi~ ""^ay^S? ff 'J*y*j tj^^^'v^?v^??i^j\'/\^f^
pure li^en; regular C5c quality at 48c size, 80 In. wide, 86 In. long, made ot ancc « •*•' «vF^ From single pieces to sets, bargains ft, 5. JL .0. JL V V if j&y iffrj "' }%$&? ''bPC^vA H
yard. -r*i-- ; • x i Zi t. ' fin « California wool; regTilar J9.00 -at*--*,** ~,*a* «f - )on^,^ *«ir,A ev ery one. 1 f&*~ I / " f f ! - 4 fifol '^&?x~P, \ %ik
Craeh TcTTcllair. 8^c yfl^-18 In. wide, value. Because borders are slightly **™ c *& t £™* JL* i« ?h« ti^^S? Dinner Plates 12o— Worth regularly *^£V^ # I i ¦ k<WSh£Ssp&^ % Wi
all Urea heavy Quality, unbleached. A fad*d pay J 6.95 pr. ?oarfn*Sou« °lnd ho7el LScre "S \iy- $2 00 d oz .decorated ln the flown — . O wf^feiJ V fe^^^tf & M
regular 12 Sc quality. Blanket*, $3.65 pr^-Whlte. double bed \° 4 % F* 6 0c- 72x90 58^; Slxlof 6I0; ; OOxOo! blue, thin light weight, to match ¥ JT+ **<&- £ *c*to £** fEgSSffi&l'fy ft If
size. 70 ln. wide, wool and cotton gsc" ' CU P 3 and saucers. Q wjl £ ? A_a |4 a B II H^ H T-fl MIS J^? ' Ufa -»7of n* fV <S> 2f
O^r» IK/tuCir* €*4~ f t»r mixed; regular $4.50 blanket. Salad. Bowls, 12c — Semi-porcelain. H . 4fj&_ X&rSy \ti-U. I B^<LJL H II H aTj /iSff^'i,}! 1 * ' 5X"1 S.S
XOC XTlUblC dt IOC comforter at 85o— Double bed size cov- Hale'. Economy Bheet.— Mad« with plain white, neatly embossed, 10-in. J»—^ ***' **r T h»^w«. a^*^- <^^^S'A^^\ W f%%
Latest Hits Included. SttoJ i fl t niSr r l6o 8 Sch 1Iiei wlth whlt * bSo a? w? 'eaS'SS at^oeffix'i w^cott^se^atss^s-so piece, i n first Fall Showing at Hale's. Certainly a More Extensive and Yt^^Mwtfl W
3 - Comforter. Sl^O-Large double bed size. at 7Oc ' 90x90 at 75c " porcelain!*" decorated h 'SSh* mSl - Beautiful Display Than Was Ever Made by One StOK "^^^^^fe f M \
- -"as" the aw interSeizo covered with sllkoline filled with j> onble Warp Sheets — Bleached, extra sprays and gilt tracings. ' • o r? • r> ' i ?XI W
-oSSSta," new tw^ste^^^ wh L t * c 0 " 01^ heav y a^d fluffy. $1.60 " he aVy: the^best wearing sheet in th« $10.00 pinner Set. at 86.75—88 pieces. f f» San FranCtSCO Before. -M&&m^*m$
ETfeam ot Bliss." a dreanny waltz. eacn. market; sizes for all beds; 64x90 at English semi-porcelain, decorated ... 1 . -. ~*^?&&^ f S5r$jLn'
All* n Lc nieces at 15c whila they lasL Comforter, $2.50 — Covered with sateen, 65c: 63x90 at 60c: 72x90 at 65c; Slx90 with a flown blue decoration, under Hundreds OI patterns, dainty, exclusive ldea3. ~^*§^rV^444
* extra heavy, for double beds, quilted. at 70c; 90x90 at 75c. glazed, all largo pieces, fancy r _ # _ • 1 1 T^ • "I """^-\*g!^jg
"Weed Folk at School," tlic Pillows at $1.25 D!1 . r rt% oe At *>„ eis!oo pe Sinn« set* at $io.9s— con- CV6ry rclir opeCl^lly rriC6Q
of nature study, n,^Z^TL.J^ t^ HS^ISSEIS That iU double . the W^ t™ 0 ™ oa . , the =« ond "^ , i
lias just come. Its$$c. weight; 21x27 m. at u.25. splendid 23%o quauty at 8%c. SiS tw« Stteraa in the ' flo^m Curtains at 50c that will surprise you, but it's the $1.00 and $1.25 styles we are most enthu-
— ¦— ¦— — —^ —¦—¦—¦¦¦¦ —^— — »^— ' 1 ¦ • blue o'r light green, fanoy shapes 1 gjastlc Over.
I o p| r\f +V\^ (* (^^lir't'i'n W0T ~~~ Way ' "Spread yourself on curtains" — the very instructions our New York buyer got, and he cer-
j-^d^l- *J1 LI IV^ V_^» V^«U.l Lll A OLVJL'IV Outing Flannel tainly has done it. So well and to such purpose that many of the designs are copies of the higrh-
I y '' ~q . JL \Tjt priced imported curtains in Paris point, Cluny and Brussels effects; many of them exclusive with
But not least by any means. Nay, one of the most im- At /C Yd* Hale's. Then there are more modern styles with narrow and medium width borders, plain centers or
??S^gt3g8gp%r portant announcements of this whole C. Curtin sale It's a big surprise; ifs a big with small medallions ; many exquisite patterns in the Antique and Grecian key designs; every one
I X^jfBBftg- //]( comes now value. It's good flannel, a soft, specially priced.
J / '/ * ' w eC: L? Uality h Pink and , blue .. 8t r ip . es - We've filled two big windows full of them, taken added space on the second floor, filled the
TT^fx^T-^// A II I /"*/"* J • C** • J to the Sakw wouldTe a Wk thtoa u ? ht wel1 with them, and draped them down the domestic aisle. We want you to see how many
f ' A E I t^j L^jt 1 t°T 1 HI i 1 T? to y° u - We know y 00 *&* take an( * 1OW P rett y. t^ ie P atterns are as the y l°°k hanging. All out first time to-morrow on second floor.
XAAfl. Tta/ft^i.1. till OUi tO it quickly at 7c yd. • T^nYrc* -frl-na Plrkiica** rin^loitic
>^*wVw^»^ii\ 1- « • '.1 - A 20c Whlta Oxford at la^fto— Ifs in 1 cltvC XllC L^Olldr WUl LdlllS
/^Mmlv«l F ° r WOmen ' and On Which hlS PnCC was from $15.0^ tO the ba.^ weave. f heavy^ Quality. Think of differcnt p?ttcrn3 tQ choose fronif some 3 yardS) others yar( j 3 ]onf p
/wMli'PF $20,00 marked down an average half and on sale for' the >' et lfc is a summer stuff. We are 45 to so inches wide. The designs are dainty. They're made of good, strong thread, which makes them ler-
f#&3&My\W\ ml «; e * <--~ +~ «.««-« • closing out all summer stuffs, so viceable for hotel and apartment houses. The patterns are pretty enough for the parlor; you will be sur-
¦M^^&^ffMS to-morrow. Sorrow ° P«sed at their beauty at $1.00 pair.
'jL!^**? T&KlhJnBtj/ ' r...^ n :M« n+ C1 IK curtains for the bedchamber; better madras weaves; dainty curtain* for
t-Ex-m&Mt-J&t&i&l-iBM} Ai| J #^>k T^l • f ., « r, CUriainS dl tJ>l.XO than 75c usually pays for. the parlor or library or dlnlnx-room;
i'WMIlW&MmP All 51T I fflP Xt-Pt^tCf* SaVe M ° ne y b y Bu y» n g Ten different patterns in ecru or C||ptflin<5 n f C| CTf) »» S% and tiia U3u*l
' W&% J^ffl+Mleam] X\ifi di< \ M /£.JIW JL £ I'k/W - ¥¥ t % white, some swell ones in the lot, ex- at J> l.DU width. J2.oO pr.
' «LLJH£»BWi*?ift$Il TnitiKC fit rl^llP Q ceptlonally dainty styles, all 3^ Nine patterns at this price; all new; p,,.!,.}-- _ f ci 7e
' V s~*. 1 I LllltVS.ClL 1 idlC a yds . i ons and the usual width^ You some very pretty effects among CUftainS 3.L O**'5
' ~ ffy/ll*liF^SJ&£5 &F* 4O) tj P 5^ Wc kcc P them downstairs. will be glad to see them at $1.-5. them; a pretty curtain for the din- BelRs curtains, new in color aad nmw
BttF£vi mivWn? ,^k »^k Here's one at $5.50; we haven't c^^ i . Q i nc -+ cf|r ing-room or bedchamber. 51.50 pr. i n designs, with a square- m»m+u of
i/ulBilWHWiA llBV latli B found lt3 eciual throughout the city L/UrtainS at SUC r ,,,.i._. . _ + Mnn cabla thread; the kind thmX lSo*i
itflBIHIH film M-^^-^O^-^^-*' under $7.00. Ifs a 30-in trunk, with TwQ tterng ln wWt e or ecru, S CUrtaiHS at $2.UU well and wears better tbaaliycu"
•'gPffSMI/ifllli X I 10^ duck covering. 4 cleats on the 3 feet wide> neat curta in3 Dainty curtains ln antique and nar- tain made. Antique border, wlti
u ///MM|™\ * Let the picture emphasize the importance of the occa- Sm.V^cSd^ith^e^eU br^ for the basement or attic windows. b^^- n^^-^^ ln t «- PlalQ "^^ at $2 ' 75 P? ' i
7?<?5 /Jj/ltMMm\\\ s5on ' how much style there is in the suits. The material in bumpers, strong eagle lock hinges at BOc pr. ter.^ so™ ta th^jnadra. and others Curtain Rods 7C
any one of them would cost more, and here's the workman- SI? *^T 1s 3 ?n"V, n s7 oo J rwh Curtains at 7SC rnrtqinc at «9 =;n Brus curtain rodi f« &hw «^^.
£hi P and thc makin 8 thrown in b «ides.- ?s n a^goo'i a'valuHs 5 the°i5.50 aC tru°nk e Six pattern,. S yds. long and 42 In. Curtains at $2.50 fn~ c«
ShiwJImW^K Let the nrices sav "Hurrv " «R- «1in,,M t»V- «, w There is a reason back of it. Wish wide, in white and ecru, splendid An especially fine Una of novelty and from 2^ to 4, feat wld«.
'/JlWkiMW ? i«'«TO\ Lt 1 , ttle pI^! c " say Hurry ,\ r Wo should take every we had space to tell. The goodness ' •. >
¦/^MMWS'SmimlW^^kX one of these suits to : morrow. We intended to put them out of tho trunks will have to answer. y^ . • CL/*11 f~Z ~ Jt ~ Tl+*n^
VMM llPmW^ TI ISJSSVS, earlier, but large shipments of new fall styles held us back. riat-Top Trunks at S4.OO— 28-in. ones. J |1 1 T 0011 1*1 X\ Q^ S flCl 1 (JOOQ S rTQQ
'/>4^^/^Wrf////?///llr|yMWSim!S^^0X\ w i 1 a *t, • r »i. -. 1 , canvas covered, brass lock, and a V/WUpHyWl a. JL Jl 3k V»V/VVl*J ,,—.,. -/ : --V
(/M'Jt//MM'illlm\ i'MIll^fcX^X C h - y C ™ arke 4 c P nce r of these smts lower than we pair of strong straps. 30-in. one at <=> \VlU CVery shampOO ZZX Electric
«»iSil«W SL^^inrr o£ d " rins rra °« b ' f - s rra ' Half Price and Less ScuinWrnpT
.»¦& aS^iS 'SSBSf^aWSaj-SS Silverware 25c for Empire Combs Worth SOc and More on mX '1
SirUaf^ SSiJSPSa-Sr-iS SSr^n^S'-X c fe N.^p\ m^at Hile's Handsome 5-inch combs, of the best quahty shell, beaubmlly g"^^,^ this u briM
WfraR^BWtt^ ' r< "" •." a u e ht - a « 1 "s backs that are going to os "the thing" this INUgget Mine at Mnie S mounted in plain or fancy gold designs, some even jeweled j t to thc Ha!t hairdreisiai ttotn-
W^^&mXk «""¦ trtmm,S he E o P m, t wuh gSfa* om'toTs'^'d braf d"' 7^ woma d n "who Th: " "in be thrown open to thc w ith pearls, or in the peacock shade., Then there are dainty ment and have your h«d
wants a good serviceable suit and who wants to save money should public to-morrow. nec k com bs in shell or amber, mounted with narrow gold we wliI Sivc you a frco electric icalp
n v \lrw« \\ l \\ miss seeing these. On sale for the first time to-morrow morning at Table Knives at 15c — Nickel silver i. . i • ¦ £„„„„ treatment.
\A vi \S\ X >\-^ ' $8.85. C. Curtln's regular prices were $15.00 and $20.00. --^ plated, just the kind for restaur- bands, plain Or iancy.
g- ' / I 5 1 abla 0 forkl e Md 1 table^noon» at 15c SMa Combs at 25c— 5 in. long., fancy SWe Combs, 15c pp.— Regular 25o combs. An Egg ShampOO %S 5OC
1 i B f^^i^E ZZ ba '° dS> SheU " "^ «- tS'a^Tne^fe?^^ SS Medicated Shampoo is 7S l
, l-< 1 I 6 Teaspoons, 45c— Set of them, nickel pdour Combs , 10o each— 10-in. ones. or amber. /J
„ r=S7 J^tS^/ Hree I e^OtlQ n Sllver - „ nKn _T, a<r ,,^^ v *,-•* wltheaod strong teeth, nicely polished Bona Hairpins, 10c doz.— Shell or amber, We want to dsmonstnti t» m bow
FSZT /MSrt * 1 CW i^WOSUlfid Cream Ladle, 75o— Regularly $1.25. ll,, 5 waved or straight. thorough and efSdent and cleanly tMi
rZ&< /£&/ JJ&ff /£&/ /®i T , . , silver plated four times, has fancy she11 - r«m,ui. , Hale haly dresslns departm< . nt j^, y^
ITTTfcN fmmf — rS f K rf /gW/ S^X 1^^ In Embroidery : handle and comes In a case. 75c 1Aflm «. , tj u A have double with falling hair or «I*n-
V^^te^^^%^/ /Mi/ /93&&I&I Suglar Ton^ s at SOc-^Jennlnga Bros/ 10,000 Men S Hemstitched drufr. we know we can help, peraa.pi
J^&fKW/ /iW/ y\ [0Gar>-~Z _— -^^^^7 Every kind of a stitch taught. Free A No. 1 guaranteed, fancy handle ' k cure. you.
inaction ,y an expert all day niSSSStipat. - MaOdkCrChief S at 5C '
>^^ "ZTZrZ^sT"^'^ InPyrography: r ° n r n a "dVauTn *a\ifv^'tt?r^ d 8Ji Handkerchiefs in a regular way you would pay half more for,
m I II ' - - ¦ Friday. Wo will teach you how to 6 ffiS aUd sflve? plain white or with colored borders and fancy centers, big variety of M^^lT^S^^^
¦ Market Street, Near Sixth, San-Francisco ¦ ' burn wood or leather. -Plate* patterns. A grouping of several dealers ends of hues.