VOLUME XCVI— NO. 91.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, AUGUST 30, . 1904.
OFFICERS OF THE GRAND ENCAMPMENT
OF KNIGHTS TEMPLAR ARRIVE IN CITY
will stop at the Ruas House and those
from Manchester will make their head
quarters at the HoteWPhillips. 117 Sixth
street.
Among the prominent visitors not as
sociated with the commanderies now in
the cit;' are the members of the El
Paso delegation to the annual Ameri
can Mining Congress, recently held in
Portland. Or. They are:
A. W. «j'ffor<i. s-cr^tary of th^ International
Miners'" A?*rwiattnn. with h«*^dquart»r3 at El
Paso: J. II. i-'amphell, secretary ot th» El
.Paso Charat'r of fommerc*; Park Plttmiin.
C'lrrk of ni Paso County: V. W. Kelley. Treas
urer of El Pas^ County: Gentry Waldo, gen
eral agent Southern Pacific Company. El Paso:
Zack Lamer Cobb. attorney: James W. Mal
cotrnson. J. W. Flsh'r. Captain W. H. Wlnn.
Morris P. Kirk. A. Krakauer and Harry Nor
man of the E! Paso H-raiJ.
Arrument Ixrads to Shootln*.
PARK CITY. Utah. Aug. 29. — Charles
Hegglond lies at the point of death and
Charles Johnson has a bullet in his leg.
as the result of a saloon fight to-night.
A diseusion of the Colorado strike sit
uation led to the ehootins;.
Another Peace Officer Dies as Result
of Cowboy Battle in Silver
City. N. M.
' SILVER CITY. NT. M.. Aug. 29. —
City Marshal William Kilburn, who
¦was shot by Howard Chenoweth while
trying to disarm him last night, died
frcm his wounds to-day.
Chenoweth killed Constable Per
fecto Rodriquez and wounded two
others before he was stopped - by a
load of shot from a shotgun in 'the
hands of Deputy Sheriff John Collier.
The trouble was the result of a cowboy
tight.
BULLET WOUND CAUSES
DEATH OF CITY MARSHAL
War News Continued on Page 2-
ST. PETERSBURG. Auff. 29.— The
anxiety of the Russian Government to
prevent another Smolensk incident i3
shown in the fact that, not content
with the arrangement entered into with
Great Britain to send warships from
Cape Colony in search of the cruiser.
it has asked France and Portugal, in
case the ship should put into an Afri
can port belonging to either country,
to deliver the orders recalling her from
operations on the high seas.
LONDON. Aug. 20.— It is stated on
good authority that the British cruis
ers sent to search' for the Russian vol
unteer fleet cruisers Smolensk and St.
Petersburg have overhauled at least
one of these vessels.
Czar's Orders to Desist Seizures Fin
ally Reach Volunteer Ship.
RUSSIAN CRUISER OVERTAKEN.
MUKDEN, Aug. 29.— In the fighting
of August 26 the One Hundred and Thir
ty-ninth Saraisk Regiment, with a bat
tery, executed a particularly success
ful* flanking movement on the Japan
ese extreme right. The Russians, when
perceived, got in the rear of the Japan
ese, whole columns of whom wert
mowed down before thev were ablt
to extricate themselves.
witnesses agree in admiring the
fanatical bravery of the Japanese.
Many of the wounded committed sui
cide rather than fall into the hands
of the Russians.
Japanese Causht In Trap by Russian
infantry and Artillery.
FNTIRE COLUMNS MOWED DOWN.
Colonel Pippy suggested that the
committee have signs distributed in the
retail" shops stating that , information
would be freely gfve*h to all -visitors.
It was also resolved that' county pro-
The hosts of knightly visitors are be
ginning to come. into. the State and city
as the ferries pull into their slip3 and
the trains slow-up at the- depots. On
the streets may be seen the comman
dery badges and the 'grand crops sign
of the stranger temples.
Thf± most prominent arrivals yester
day were the grand officers of the
Grand Encampment Land grand .officers
of twenty-one States and their fami
lies. Grand Master Stoddard of the
Grand Encampment will not arrive-till
September 1, having been detained at
his home In Bryan, Texas, by the
death of Mrs. Stoddard, which occurred
recently.
A well-attended gathering of mem
bers cf the citizens' reception gommit
te took plate in the Maple Room of the
Palace Hotel yesterday afternoon. The
general result accomplished at the
meeting was the organization of a
committee of ten to form sub-commit
tees to meet and tak«' tare of the in
coming trainloads of Knights Templar.
At 3 o'clock the meeting was called to
order by the vice-chairman, Andrea
Sbarboro. who acted as chairman in
the abstnee of Mayor Schmitz.
After the reading of the minutes of
the previous meeting the motion to or
ganize the committee of ten was made.
The object of the committee is to bet
ter facilitate the work ef greeting the
visitors. Each of the ten is to choose
two assistants, making in all ten com
mittees of three persons each. The
chairmen* of these sub-committees are:
John C Stanton. Frank L. Brown, An
gelo Duperu. George Chalmers." W. W.
Moore. Clement Bennett, E. H. Pease.
Dr. C. T. Rea. Dr. J. F. . Benry and
Julius Kahn. After the meeting ad
journed these Eub-committeemen met
and elected Julius Kahn chairman and
Alonzo Duperu secretary.
Professor McAdie of the "Weather
Bureau was then asked -to prophesy
the kind of weather San - Francisco
would have during the conclave. Pro
fessor McAdie said that according to
preceding years the weather would be
ideal, but that this was an abnormal
year and it was hard to say what we
would get. The "Weather Bureau will
do its best to supply the right kind,
however. An interesting feature in
connection with the Weather Bureau
work during conclave week will "be the
receiving of weather reports from Lon
don, Paris, Lisbon and many other for
eign ports, including Hawaii and the
Philippine Islands. This will be the
first time in "Weather Bureau history
that so extensive a portion of. the
earth's girdle will be covered.
the Chinese theater and Sutro baths
entertainment. The entire show will be
transferred from Chinatown to ;i ttrst
class theater, and the audience will sWe,
in pleasing surroundings of a Cauca
sian- playhouse, a histrionic perform
ance, centuries old. as it was staged in
Mongolia before Confucius was b<>rri.
During an intermission a class of ' wen
ty-four boys from the Chinese schools
will be nut through a drill and cales
thenic exercises, and twenty Chinese
girls,: in their holiday dress, will sing
songs of their, native- land, as well as
American popular airs. A Chinese or
chestra' will appear in. the gorgeous cos
tuflies bf-the Orient.- The entire ,opera
house will be- crerorated with dragons,
lanterns; flags and other emblems. lit
tle Chinese boys as ushers will dis
tribute'isouvenir programmes' to the.
audience, v ¦.¦ • ¦ ¦ >' • • ... '¦¦ ;
The aquatic exhibition at Sutra Baths
will be- of ¦ more" tban ordinary merit;
arid many, novel features will b^ intro
duced. The swimming races will be un
der rtlie. direction of Professor Sidney
Cavill. All visiting. Knights and their
friends, will be guests on this occasion,
withjfree' admission to the baths, .free |
rides' gdirig and returning and- a- free .
dip-in the-rtld Pacific- . ."
GRAND KNIGHTS TE3IPLAR.
The, official. "special train bearing'the
Sir; Knights of the Grand Encampment
and their ladies arrived at Third and
Towns-end streets deiiot last evening at
5:30 o'clock. The train left Chicago
August" 16 -by the northern route.* by
way of Park. Seattle, Port
land, .the Shasta route, Monterey and
Santa- Cruz. It was hauled by. two en
gines and consisted of- • nine coaches.
The ranking grand officers were Gen
eral George M. Moulton, deputy, grand
master; Rev. Henry .W. Hugg, D. D.,
grand generalissimo,, and Colonel Wil
liam. B... M.ells.h, vice eminent grand
captain general. The . entire journey
was made .without a. hitch, and the' vis
itors have only nraise for the perfect
arrangement of the trip and the grand
things they have seen in the West.
The . passengers " aboard the special
train wene: •
¦-." General George M. Moulton. thirty-third de
giee. of Chicago, deputy , grand master of
Knights -Templar of the United. States; Rev.
Henry W. Ruggr. D.D.. thirty-third degree, of
Providence. R. I., - grand' generalissimo ot tha
Grand Encampment and past grand commander
of- Massachusetts and Rhode Island; Colonel
William, B.: -Mellsh, .'thirty-third flygree. ; of
.Cincinnati, vice eminent grand captain gen
eral of the Grand. Encampment, chairman of
tht» Grand Encampment commutes of arrange-'
ments for the Triennial Conclave.- a past grand
master of Ohio and the commander tn. chief -of
Ohio Consistory of the Scottish Rite; Kev.
Daniel -C. Roberts, I>.D.. of Concord. 1 N. • H..
grand prelate of the Grand- Encanrpment.
Knights Templar, of -the. United States and
a pest grand commander of the -Templars of
New Hampshir*; W. H. H. Soul*, thirty-third
degree, of Boston, past' gxand'cdmmander and
•chairman of the finance committee: of the
Grand. Encampment;' Joseph W. Fellows, thir
ty-third I degree. Manchester, N. ! H., past
grand commander and 1 acuve ' member of - tie
Portland Commandery ¦ of Portland,
Me., and Trinity Commandery of Man
chester, N. H., will arrive in this city
September -4. The Portland Knights
XEW ENGLAND VISITORS.
Supreme Council. Ancient and Accepted Rite,
and chairman of committee on Jurisprudence
of the Grand- Encampment: Charles H. Fisk.
thntj -third . dej?ree. of Covinston. Ky.. past
gmnd commander and a memb?r of the Tri
ennial Conclave committee of arrangements;
Uaorga W.. Ivendrick Jr % of Philadelphia. Pa..
pn^t granfl commander and a member of the
finance committee of th» Grand Encampment:
Julius U Urown,- thirty-thir.l d»srer. wi At
inr.ta. Ga.. last grand commander and p^st
crand roaster ol 'h«- Grand Council; William
H. Kingrsley of Middlebury. Vt.. grand com
mander of Knishts Templar of Vermont: Wil
liam • E. Rl-»!ey of Newburyport. Mas."., pant
srand i-nmraantlT. of Connecticut ; Walling W.
Van . WinKle. N '.tl;irty-thlrd «iecr»». of I'ark:r»
burpr. W. Va.,"past feiaml •ommander; Joseph
K. s «">rr o' Atlanta. Gn., past grand commander
Knights' Templ«r"-of Georgia: Robert V.
Hampson, thirty-third? degree. • of Salem. Ohio,
pa^t -grand commander of Ohio; Charles B.
Finch c-f Kfarn«>y. .Nebr.. • past grand coro
mander of Nebraotai Templars: Thomas Kite,
thirty-th>T<] 'd»gree. of Cincinnati, eranl com
mander of Ohio Templar?; Carroll F. Clapp.
thirty-thlr.1 decree, of ..Warren. Ohio, deputy
Kisnd . ennnr.^iKier and past srrand mast?r;
Frederick £U » GedJes. thirty-third degree, of
Toledo. Ohio, grand generalissimo of Ohio:
Juhn /n. .¦ t>icl«ey -.of t Atlanta. Ga., grand
certain general of- the Grand Com
irar.dery ! of . Knisht.s Templar nf Georgia:
John. Nelson Bell, thirty-third degree, of Day-\
ton" Ohio, '.acting grand captain general of
Ohio and trand. reccrder of the Grand Com
niandery .of Kn'ghts . Temtilai 1 : Caleb Saun
dera. thirty-third 'degree, of Lawrence. Mass..
past grand "Mmraamler i-f Maysachusetts and
Rhode Island; Edwin Chamberlain of San
Antonio. Tex'., 'crarid 'commander of Knights
Templar of "Texas; Albro E. Chase of Port
land.. Me., past grand commander: George
P.. Chandler of Knoxville, Tenn.. past grand
high priest of TVnnfts«iee: Henry C. Dlmond.
thirty-third degree. - of Springfield. Ohio, grand
standard bearer of Ohio; Charles F. Henry of
Marietta. Ohio, grand ¦ sword bearer of Ohio:
William". H. A very. ; thirty-third degree, of
<'ana«tota. N:'T., past eminent commander:
George W. Fete r>t -Cincinnati. Ohio, past em
inent commander; James W. DU9 of Parkcrs
burg. W; Va.: junior wat»Un: John H. Harvey,
M..D., of Toledo. Ohio; eminent commander;
Thomas M. Michaels ¦ of Knoxvllle. Tenn..
standard bearer: V-'tUiam H. Brcwster of Mid
.dlebury. Vt.. past grand master of Grand
Council'; I.*aac ,M. Taggart of Masrlllon. Ohio,
past eminent commander; Charles II. Slmonds
of Conneaut:' Ohio, eminent" commander: Rev.-
George P.- Torrtnce of JIarlon. . Ind..' prelate
Knights Tetonplar:. R. I* -de Puy of Wabash.
Ind.. past, eminent commander: John Traub of
Pandusky." Ohio. ' past eminent commander:
George T\". Doughty - of Grcenea-ille. •' Tenn..
eminent" commander; Witllam L. Kayser of
Cincinnati. Ohio, past entinent commander;
George "W". Murphy of Knoxville. Tenn., past
'eminent commander; Joseph T. Harrison of
Cincinnati. . Ohio, -'past emln-nt com
mander- Adam Olass* of Mobile. Ala..
K. -T. : George H. Kattemhorn. . thirty-oec
ond ' degree of Cincinnati. Ohio. K. T. ;
William U Kile of Akron, Ohio. K. T. : Chris
ttan Bard«s of Cincinnati. Ohio. K. T.: John
C. Davl^ of .Cincinnati. Ohio. K. T. ; Renja
m'ln D.. Stout of Parkershurg. W. Va.. K. T. :
James . II. .-Allen of. Kenton. Ohio, eminent
'commander-: < Frank L.. Haman of ¦ Kenton.
Ohio. K. T.: Hervey.K. Kerler, of Chicago.
111., K.T treasurer; .II. . M. Miller of Marion.
Ind.. K. T. : C. C. Martin or Parkersburg. W.
Va.. K. 'T.; V.'illiam Sandau of CinHnnati,
Ohio. K. T. : Samuel B. Stiles of Parkervburg.
• W. Va.. K. T. ; II. W. Wetshrodt of Cincin
nati. Ohio. K. T. : Frank M. Zum«tein of
Cincinnati. Ohio. K. T.
•¦September 1 3 — Grand Commandary of Ar
knrsas. 11:20 a. m., ferry, Roycroft; Al-
U : No. . 35, Belle vue. Pa., 5:20 p. m..
ferry. Tourane; De Molay No. 12, 8 a. m.,
f»rry. Grand ;.De Witt Clinton No. 1. Virginia
City. 7 j>. m.. ferry. California: District of
September 2— Cfnoinnatl No. 3, Cincinnati,
Ohio, Dirt-heater: Palestine No. 33, Spring
field, Ohio. Pendleton; 'Reed No. 6. Dayton.
OMo, 7 a. m.. ferry, Richelieu; New Haven
No.' C. New Haven. Conn., R:ao a. m., ferry.
Nctherland: t'rhana No. 10. Urbana, 111.. 11:20
a m., terry; Texas delegation, Texas, 7 a. m..
Third street.
From this charming California forest
landscape the visitor wrtl step to as
equally a charming Oriental scene. 'It
will be the Chinese tea garden of Cali
fornia Commandery. in the annex of
the Pavilion, where one drink of the
Celestial beverage will opon up a fairy
vista of flowery paradise.
Santa llosa Commandery will occupy
a miniature redwood forost, an exact
representation of a Russian River
grove, at the west end of the upper
gallery. San Jose Knights ¦will tent in
a typical Santa Clara flower garden
in the north section, anrt seven other
commanderies will in another section
occupy the rough log, canvas-roofed
cabins of '49. ;¦
COMMANDERY HEADQUARTERS.
So numerous have been the inquiries
as to the arrival and the selected head
quarters of the visiting commanderies,
the. conclave executive committee
thought it practicable to publish the
following:
August 20— Grand Encampment. Chicago,
III., :>. p. m.. Third street. Palace Hotel.
August 30— KouJsvllle No. 1, Louisville, Ky.,
7 r. m.. ferry, St. Francis.
September 1 — Rapt-r No. 1, Indianapolis,
trd.. not known: t'rawfordsvllle No. 25, Craw.
fordsville. Ind.. not known; Greenfield No. Sl»,
Greenfield. Ir.d.,'7 a. in. ferry. '
The competition drill fov the trophies
will bo held on tho baseball ground at
Golden Gate Park. The place is an ideal
parade field, a natural amphitheater
and -perfectly adapted to the exercises.
There will, of course, be no admission
fee to the drill, which will .take place
Wednesday, September 7, beginning at
10 o'clock in the morning. Tents will
be placed on the ground for the accom
modation of the drill corps, judges and
officers.
A noble and distinct characteristic of
California is the grove of redwood trees
that will stand on the main floor of the
Mechanics' Pavilion. It is a real forest
scene, the green boughs reaching out
on all sides and the tree tons extend
ing to the lofty ceiling. The gallery
\vill be changed to thickets of under
growth, where wood nynphs — in mar
ble—and their god. Pan. st>ort In sylvan
shades.
A vote of thanks was sent to Secretary
of the Navy Paul Morton for retain
ing the Pacific squadron here during
the conclave, despite the disarrange
ment of the fleet's sailing programme.
TROPHY DRILTi GROUNDS.
motion literature be plaoed in many
stores for distribution.
DANVILLE. Va.. Aur. 23.— Policeman
J. J. Hall was shot to-night by "Jack"
Tjiltard. a negro, for whom officers have
been marching for a week. Hall prob
ably -nil! die. A mob of 1000 men is
i2iiw looking for Dillard.
William Carter <colored) has been ar
rested. He was shot through the hand.
He was with Dillarrl at the time of the
trouble. The negro has been taken to
Chatham, the county scat, for safe
keeping. Hall says that he wounded
the xif-^ro who shot him. which would
lead to the supposition that Carter is
the guilty man.'/, 7 -
3Job of One Thousand Men Pursues
Supposed Culprit.
JS'EGRO SHOOTS POLICEMAN".
STATESBORO. Ga, Aug. 29.—Sebas
tian McBride, a negro living near Por
ts!, in the upp*r part of Bullock Coun
ty. Jwas tak**"n nut of his house on Sat
urday nieht by a mob of five men.
c§riKd to the wood?, whipped severely
and th*=n shot, from the effects of
v/hich h*> di«*d Fo<>n afterward. While
dying he reiat^d to th*» Sheriff the
manner in which h<» was handled and
pave the names of three of his assail
ants. Thev, according to this state
ment. , were Perry Barnes. Henry
Barne3 and Wesley Waters, all white
men. Thenam* 1 ? of the others he did
not seem to know.
After his d n ath Coroner Stanford held
an inquest. The verdict of the Coro
ner's jury recommended that the per
sons named be taken into custody and
the affair investigated, and the Sher
iff has gone to arrest the three men.
of His Slayers.
D>ing Black Gf\c« SSirriff the Xames
NEGRO WHIPPED AND SHOT.
Citizens' Reception Committee Plans
Entertainments for Visitors.
True Hospitality of San Francisco to
Be Shown Strangers.
One of the most unique and novel of
the entertainments and attractions pre
pared for the visiting Sir Knights and
their families will be the Chinese the
atrical performance at the Grand
Opera-house.- The idea originated with'
Chairman John ' A. Hammersmith of
CHIXI^E THEATRICAL SHOW.
September 4— Grand Commandary, New
York, Princeton, with Apollo No. 15 of Nev/
York. 7 p. m.. Third street, Berkshire;
Alfllo No. 1, Chicago, 111. ,-8 p. m..- Third
street, Essex; Muntjuie No. 63, Chicago, lit. .^
10:48 p..m.. Third etiet-t, Sopfr-nnia; Port*
land No. 2, Portland, Maine, 'S p. m.,- Thinl
Mrett. liuss: Trinity No. I, Manchester, N. H..
is d. m., ; Third- street, Phillies; Cairo No. la.
Cairo, 111.. lo:2('a. m.. ferry, Atlanta:- Cal
\aiy No. 13, with St. John No. 1 1. l'rovidenf*,-
R. I., 8:5u a. tr..-.~ frrry. Kd<mere; Springfield
No «; Worcester No. 5. Worcester. Mass.." 7:
a. m. t ferry. Commercial; Kokomo ' No. Of},
Frankfort No. ,20. Frankfort, Ind.. 1000 Haf'glit'
street; Malta , No. 21. Binghamu.n., N. Y,;
1(»:oO-a. m.. ferry. Angelus; Marietta No.'fiO.
Marlcttrt, Ohio, r»:20 p. m.. ' ferry, Stevenson'-
Peninsular : No. " 8, Kalamazoo, Mich., ¦ &:2O
j>. vn., ferry, Kestna:. I'u<.-blo Club | No. .1,
PceBlo, Colo.. *12:r>>> p. m .'ferry,' Grand, and
Stvycneon; TanorPd No.- 4S. PittsburR. -Pa.,- 8
a.- m... ferry, Lick., Colonial and Granada;.
Temple N'o.M,- T>s lloines, Iowa, 0:20' p. :rf).,i
030 .Van Nefs axenue; Trinity No. 32, Hudson, :
Mass., 7 a. m... .ferry, Oak«i, with-Grand-i_*oan
mandrry of .Massachupctts and Rhode Island;
Washington ' No. 1. Ifartford, Conn., 7 a.m.,'
ferry. l'leaSanton;.Ue Molay No. '7, Uoa'ton,'
Mass., 7 a. m... ferry, St. Nicholas. . -• |
0— Allen No. 2l>, Allentown; Pa,"
9:50 a. m., .•crry. Palmetto; >Xo. 2,'
Hoston. Mp.ss.. ... 1 p. m.. Third street. St;
Prancls; Chicago 7>«o. 10. Chiraso, Hi:, 2 p.<-m.,-
Third Rtreet. .Cecil: Central City No. ,25. . Cen
tral City, N. -.Y.; 10:"25" a. "m., ferry,^ Metro
politan; Cyrcn.c No. 10, Binnlngham. /Ala..
11:20 a. m., f.-rry, McAllister; Coeur de' Leon
>;«,. 34. Boston. Mass.. S a. m.. ferry, Nordhoff:
«:or!ntl.lan Chass'r .No. !VS, • Pennsylvania. 7
a. m.. Third street. Franklin: Cocur de-Leon
No. J1, , Seranton, Pa..* 8:50. a. m:. ferry,
-»r,'yic; M-?lita No, C8,- Pennaylvanla: Bitllwin
Nw>. 11. •.'S, Pennsylvania: Denver, t'lub." Colo
rauo. n-.crnlnK steamer.. <:iay street. M.mhnUan;
El Monte, with Utah K. T.. Utah. S a.m..
ferry. Atlanta: Grand .Cemmandery of Florida.'
Florida, .S:"»0 a. m.. ferry. Grand and Fremont-
Ka-losh tio. 20. Philadelphia. 7 a. m., "Third
street. San Marcc; Kansas City No. 10. Kansas
City., Mo. 7:15 a.m.. ferry, Geary: Mary No.
.Sii, Pennsylvania. .8:50 a. m.. ferrv, San Mirco;
Mount Vermin Xo. 7.1, H?.zleton, Pa.. R:.">0 a.
tn.. ferry, PaJmrtty; Grand Commandery of
Minnesota, Minnesota, 10 a. m., ferry. Palace:
Millta No. S. -Oregon. 'S:.'*0 a. m.. ferry, J OOU
Halght street; Sir ' Knights of New Jersey,
6 8. m.. Third strtfet. Grand and Duflerln;
Oregon No. 1, Portland. Or.. -8 a. m., • ferry.'
Lick. Palace »nd' Graystone; Ottawa No. 10.
with Grand Commandery of Illinois, Illinois,
2 a. m. t ferry, Hatton: Hammond No.. 41,
Indiana, " a. m.. ferry. 2!0 Powell Btreot;
Oiveso No. 7, Kansas, ..fl a. m., ferry, 230
Geary street: Pilgrim No. .11., Harrisburjf. Pa.;
I i\ m.. Third street, Russ: IJeadins Nol 42;
Reading:. Pa.. S:-'>0 a. m.. ferry. Auditorium:
South <"arolina- No. 1. South- Carolina." 7:30
a. m., Thinl- street, -Oocker; St. Aldemar No.
IS. St. Louis, Mo. 5 p. m.; T.*ilrd : street. St.
Nicholas; St. Bernard No. :;5. Illinois. G a. m.;
ferry. Sequoia; Vermont Frisco Club. Vermont,
II a. m.. ferry. Adams-House; Ivanhoe No. 24.
Milwaukee. -"VVis.. 10 -a. m..- ferry, Holland:
Itrfrlon No.- 24. Lebanon. Ky.. 7:30 a.' m..
ferry. Rochambeau; Grand Commandery of
Nebraska, with Mount Calvary No. 1 -Omaha,
Nebr., C a. m., ferry. Occidental. ' ¦
September 6 — Orlentnl No. 12, Cleveland,
Ohio, 7 a. m.. ferry, .Wllllard.
Columbia and. Maryland. 12:20 p. m.." ferry.
Savoy; Golden Gate Club of 1'ennsylyania.
f>:'M v. in., terry, St. Marie: Hanselman No.
IS. Cincinnati. Ohio, 8 a. m.. lerry. <*unib<?i-
lnnd; Holy SepuNhre No. S, Welleslsy. with
Hamilton No. 41, Hamilton. Pa.. 7 a., m.,
ff-rry, Wellesley and Oliver; Hugh dc Payena
No. 20, with iSutton No. V\, Boston, Mass.. 7
a. m.. ferry, Kuss and Hradbury; IjncoVn
Park No. «4, CblcfcffO. 111., s :.".', a. m., ferry,
Sequoia: St. Omer No. 21. Boston. Mass.. 11:25
a. m., ferry, St. Francis; I'lttsburg No. 1,
1'ittsbur;, Fa., « p. m.. Third street, Cali
fornia and Palace.
Mechanics' Pavil
ion a Forest of
Redwoods.
In the attack on the Siaolindzy po
sition one Japanese battalion lost all
of its officers.
The retirement of the Russian
transport of four corps yesterday
evening across the plain" while the ar
tillery and troops In the rear held off
the Japanese afforded a magnificent
spectacle. All along the extended line
there was an incessant roar of batr
teries, the Russians working their
gun3 with great coolness and not re
tiring until the transport was in
safety.
WAOYANG. Aus 23— The . Rua- - -
sians lost 300 Wiled or wounded dur
ing the retreat from Anshanshan. The
Japanese made a forced march tjy
night, overtaking the Russians at
daylight. General Routokovsky was
killed by the explosion of a shell.
The Japanese artillery resumed the
battle at 6 o'clock this morninff. the
point of pressure again being the
Russian south front. The Japanese
Infantry is now advancing: to attack,
the regiments deployed in open ro
der.
The Russian army successfully ef
fected its retirement on Liaoyang with
transport and artillery, and is now in
position awaiting the advancing Jap
anese. The progress of the latter has
been raoid and determined, sparing
no sacrifice.
TORIO, Au*r. SO.— The Russians are
concentrating at Uaoyans, either
with the intention of sivins a general
battle or retiring. They were beaten
nt Lunstsushan^and retreated froni
Anslmnslmn and Anping. Anslian
shan was the strongest defense Uao
yans possessed, and its loss renders
defense almost impossible. It i3 be
lieved here that General Kuropatkin
cannot now avoid a light and a crush
ing defeat.
SHANGHAI. An?. SO. — The Rns
slan cruiser Askolci anil torpedo-boat
destroyer Grozovoi finished disarming
to-day. Tliis ends tlieiLfShanshai In
cident."
Regiments Deploy in Open
Order in Advance Upon
Kuropatkin.
LARAMIE. Wyo.. Aug. 29.— Joseph
llwtia. colored, was lynched by a mob
of SCTfc men in front of Judge Carpen
ter's house at S o'clock to-night.
Martin was a trusty in the County
*ail tnd attacked a white girl, Delia
Krause, in the jail kitchen and slashed
Jier face and arms with a knife. One
mad was wounded by Martin while the
mob was entering the jail to drag out
?he prisoner.
"After attacking Miss Krause with a
razor Martin was placed in a, cell in
the .County Jail. To-night a- mob
formed outside the jail. The first in
timation that Sherift Cook had of the
contemplated lynching was when two
masked men appeared in the kitchen
ofoth? jail house and. with revolvers
leveled at " him, told him that Ihere
were 300 men waiting outside for the
negro and that he had better not at
tempt to mak^ any trouble for them.
In the meantime another masked
man had entered and while the first
two held thv Sheriff the third man
look ttse keys of the jail from the
Sheriff's pocket ar.d then the three
Ettrted for t«e negro's cell. On the
wjty thev met Turnkey Jones and Dr.
Mfiler. who had been summoned to
die^s the wounds on Martin, self-in
flicted with the same razor he had
use-d in the attack on the girl. Both
v.eie compelled to stand against the
eafe at the cells, with their faces
tun?§'j away from the mob.
The negro was then taken from his
cell and hurriedly marched through the
court-house into the street. , Arriving
at » lamppost a short distance from
the the negro was quickly strung
up to the post. During the entire pro*
eeedirijr he did not speak or attempt to
: c esist the mob. The lynching occurred
at about S o'clock and within an hour
skc streets were deserted.
Acting Coroner Grant took charge
of the bod: r of the negro and turned
it ov^r to an undertaker.
, Miss Krause undoubtedly would have
been killed by Martin had not the wife
of o Fhwiff Cook held him until, his rage
h«d c^olnd and he could be taken from
th<?" kitchen. On the way out he slash
er* Frark Frazer, a bygtander, with a
butcher knife which he had seized from
the kitchen table. The wound is not
serious.
Miss Krause. who comes from Chilli
cothe. Mo., is not seriously wounded.
Negro Lynched Be
fore Residence
of Judge.
Mikado's Infantry
Charges Slay
Trenches.
Strung Dp ta a Lamp Post Because of
Attack With Knife Upon a
White Girl.
Avengers' Victim a "Trusty"
in tne County Jail
at Laramie.
Great Battle ol
WarBeps at
Liaoyang.
JAPAN'S
ARMIES
ATTACK
WYOMING
MOB HANGS
PRISONER
THE WEATEEB. \ ,
\,
Forecast raa.de at 8aa Fran
cisco for thirty hours ending:
x&idnlgfct, Acsrust 30:
San Francisco and vicinity —
Fair Tuesday; light tonthweit,
changing- to brisk westerly
vrinds. A. O. SScASZE,
District Forecaster. j
' \i r , THE THE ATE S3.
- Alcazar— - U 2&atk&n Sale.**
California — "Tets of ths D'TJr
bervilles?*!.,,/
Central — "The Tint Born.**
Colombia — "Candida."
Fischer's — "Anheuser Pnii."
Qtta.0. — "Under Two 71ars.**
Orpncnm — Vaudeville.
Tlvoli — "The Toreador."
The San Francisco Call
SOME OF THE GRAND OFFICERS OFTHK
KNIGHTS TEMPLAR WHO ARRIVED
YESTERDAY. . . -.. . ... ,: • : :That such a step, has been taken
positively Indicates the suspension of
the policy of the Russiflcation of Fin
land, to which the late Minister of the
Interior Plehwe was committed
Susi>ends the Von Plehwe Programme
Tor the Russification of tiie
Provinces.
ST. PETERSBURG, Aug. 24.— The
imperial decree convening the Finnish
Diet not only convokes it this year,
but makes provision for its meeting
three years hence, thus foreshadowing
regular meetings of the Diet at inter
vals of not less than five years, in ac
cordance with the letter of the Fin
nish constitution, for the first time
since the .grand duchy' came under
the Russian sovereignty.
CZAR ADOPTS LIBERAL
POLICY TOWARD FINNS
NAPA. Aug. 29.— Mrs. Martha. Pat
chett, a well known pioneer of Napa,
passed away at her home in this" city
to-day. She was born in Manchester,
England, eighty-two years ago. She
came . to California in 1861 and has
been a resident of this city for the
last forty-three years.
Pioneer Woman of Napa Dead.
Admiral Rolland received a gold
medal from the United States Govern
ment for saving part of the crew of
the United States brig Somers, which
upset oft the island of Sacriflcios, on
the west coast of Mexico.
LONDON, Aug. 29. — The death is
announced of Vice Admiral W. R.
Holland, retired. He 'wag born' in
1817.
Passes Away.
Vice Admiral Holland of British Navy
FAMOUS SAILOR DEAD.
HSIAOTUN, eleven miles east of
Liaoyang 1 . Aug. 29. — The Russian army
from Anping this afternoon debouched
upon the Liaoyang plain, after fight
ing a rear guard action for nearly ten
miles from Anping, bringing its
wounded and burying its dead on the
way. Six. guns are reported to have
been lost, but a number of Japanese
were captured, showing signs of great
fatigue and hardships.
The enormous army, the most of
v. hich passed out on the Lan Valley
at 5 o'clock this afternoon, seems to
fill the entire plain from the foothills
to the ancient walls. The army was
disposed in an orderly manner through
the vast fields of Chinese corn, the sol
diers singing as they went into camp,
despite their unbroken series of re
verses, while the baggage and trans
port trains, caught in the muddy rivu
lets, attracted the cheery assistance of
everybody. Nothing apparently af
ff-cts the heartiness of the men in the
ranks.
The line of wounded men, which
reached the great east gate this even
ing, passed silently through the
streets, as deserted as the aisles of
the catacombs.
The litter bearers, with their soli
tary lanterns, presented an Impressive
spectacle, aweing the Chinese, who to
day for the first time realized the im
minence of a battle.
U|K>n the Uaoyans Plain.
IMPRESSIVE BATTLE SCENE.
Immense 'llussian Army . Debouches
No Anti-Semitic Disturbances.
ST. PETERSBURG, Aug. 29. — Noth
ing is known at the Department of the
Interior of anti-Semitic disturbances
having taken place recently in Bes
sarabia, as reported by Ihe Vossische
Zeitung of Berlin. ¦
SPRINGFIELD. 111. Auj. -J9. — JJrt
Pprtnger. widow of V.iUiam M. Sprinrer. for
twenty years Onfrffrnsn from the PrTing
f>ld dmrict and !«t<r F^.Tal Judge, its criti
cal!}- ill at her home in hprlr.gfield.
Kuroki Has Not Cut the Railroad.
ST. PETERSBURG. Aug. 29.— The
Department of Telegraphs informs the
press that the lines are working di
rect to Liaoyang, thus refuting defi
nitely the report that General Kuroki
had cut the railroad.
HONOLULU Aug. 22.— H. M.
Whitney, the founder of the Pacific
Commercial Advertiser, died in Hono
lulu on August 17 from heart disease.
His death was sudden, no warning
sickness having appeared. The de
ceased was 80 years of age. He came
to Hawaii in 1 S4 9 and in 1856 he
started the Advertiser. He was its
editor for more than thirty years and
was editor of the Planters' Monthly
up to a year ago. He was also'the
editor of Kuokoa, a native paper hav
ing wide circulation. In 1850 he took
the head of island postoffice affairs,
establishing the present system. The
deceased leaves a son and two mar
ried daughters.
Death Suddenly Calls If. M. Whitney,
Founder of the Pacific Com
mercial Advertiser.
AGED PUBLISHER DIKS '"
AT HIS HONOLULU HOME
HARBIN, Manchuria, Aug. 29.— The
Russian losses in the fighting of Au
gust 25 and August 26, west and south
of Liaoyang, were 2000 killed or wound
ed. The great majority of the casual
ties were sustained at Anping.
Three Thousand Russians Fall.
LONDON. Aus. 29. — A St. Peters
burg dispatch to a news agency says
that the mother of Major General
Fock has received a message from the
general, who is one of the Russian
,<< mmanden* it Port Arthur, saying
that the Russians have plenty of stores
and adding that the fortress will not
surrender. The date of the dispatch is
not given.
General Fo<-k la Confident.
Former Stanford Athlete Hurt.
HEALDSBURG, Aug. 2 9. — Henry
Hinkson, a former Stanford football
player, while driving a four-horse
team to-day, was pulled from his seat
and badly injured. While another
team was passing Hinkson one of his
horses shied, cramping: the wagon
and pulling Hinkson under the wheels.
The front and back wheels of the
wagon passed over his left side from
his ankle to his shoulder. It is feared
he is injured internally.
Pays S500O for a Bulldog.
LONDON. Aug. 30. — The Daily
Mail this morning says that George
J. Gould has purchased E. A. Mills"
champion bulldog. Heath Baronet, for
S5000.
ST. PETERSBURG. Aug. 29.— There
is considerable anxiety regarding the
fate of Lieutenant de Couverville, the
French naval attache, who left Port
Arthur in a junk at about the same
time as Lieutenant McCully, the
United Stat.es naval attache. Nothing
has been heard of the French officer
since that time. At the request of the
French embassy Embassador McCor
mk-k telegraphed to Lieutenant Mc-
Cully at Liaoyang to ascertain if he
could throw any light upon the mat
ter. De Couverville should have ar
rived at some Chinese port a week
ago.
De Couvorville Still Missing.
NEWPORT. R. I.. Aug. 29.— It was
learned to-day that Miss Alice Roose
velt fainted in William Payne Thomp
son's adtomobile early Saturday morn
ing while she was on her way from
a dancing party at Colonel and Mrs.
William Jay's residence.
At the corner of a road A. de Na
varre's chauffeur, running his machine
at a rapid rate, suddenly appeared, and
had not Thompson's chauffeur stopped
at once a serious accident would have
occurred. The Thompson machine
was brought to a standstill so quickly
that the occupants were thrown to the
bottom in a heap. Miss Roosevelt
fainted, but was soon revived.
Michael Woods. De Navarre's chauf
feur, was arrested and sent to jail for
five days for fast driving:.
Reckless Chauffeur Imprisoned for
Having. Almost Caused an
Accident.
MISS ALICE ROOSEVELT
FAINTS IN AUTOMOBILE
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 29.— George \V.
Cummings, vice president of the Amer
ican Press Association, whose death is
announced from Banff, Northwest Ter
ritory, was a resident of Los Angeles.
Mr. Cummings came to Los Angeles
about a year ago for his health and
shortly afterward decided to remain
here permanently. He built one of the
most attractive homes jn Los Angeles
and took up his residence here. Cum
mings had no immediate family, but
Miss Mary Cummings, his niece, and
Mrs. Thompson, a relative, lived with
him here. The cause of Cummings 1
death is not known to his relatives
here.
NEW YORK, Aug. 29.— George W.
Cummings, vice president of the Amer
ican Press Association, died suddenly
on August 2S, at Banff, Northwest Ter
ritory, while on his way from his home
in Los Angeles to Neu:. York.
' Cummings was born near Terre
Haute, Ind.. in 1S4S, and was graduated
from Indiana State University in 1872.
He engaged in journalism and was one
of the founders of the American Press
Association, and in his later years was
identified with a number of business
undertakings. Cummings died pos
sessed of a considerable fortune. He
will be buried in Woodlawn Cemetery,
N. Y.
ST. PETERSBURG. Aug. 29. — Four
regiments will be raised in the Cau
casus. An official announcement to
this effect is expected to-morrow.
The first contingent of the First
Army Corps has arrived at Harbin.
This corps was destined for Vladivos
tok, but upon the urgent request of
General Kuropatkin it will be diverted
to Mukden.
From the Caucasus.
Four Regiments Will Be Recruited
RUSSIA RAISING MORE TROOPS.
BOSTON. Aug. 29. — The boys'
school at Erzeroum, which has been
bvrned. was the property, of the Amer
ican Board of Commissioners for For
eign Missions. Secretary Barton of
the board received a cablegram to-day
announcing the loss. The origin of
the fire was not stated. The school
had accommodations for about 100
students, preparing for admission to
Euphrates College.
SUDDEN DEATH
OF PROMINENT
LOS ANGELENO
Treating All Nations Alike in the
Quest of Contraband.
LONDON, Aug. 29. — The Russian
RUSSIA NOT DISCRIMINATING.
Destruction of Property Belonsins: to
Board of Foreign Missions Result
of an Accident.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Aug. 29.— The
American school for boys at Erze
roum has been burned. It is believed
the fire was started by an accident.
This is the second American school
at Erzeroum to be destroyed by fire,
the institution for girls having been
burned January 10. The loss in that
instance was attributed to incendiaries.
AMERICAN SCHOOL AT
ERZEROUM IS BURNED
ST. PETERSBURG, Aug. 29. —
From an excellent source it is stated
that the ill-starred Russian battleship
Orel, which already has suffered two
accidents, will not be able to join the
Baltic squadron. According to reports,
when her engine trials began it was
discovered that the engines had been
practically wrecked by workmen in
troducing iron filings into the valves
and clyinders.
Inquiries made at the Admiralty
elicited an absolute denial of the re
port regarding damage to the Orel.
On the contrary, it was stated that the
Orel returned from her official trials,
which had been satisfactory, and that
the battleship would surely accompany
the Baltic squadron.
Russian Admiralty Denies Statement
Concerning the Battleship.
OREL REPORTED DAMAGED.
SIMLA. British India, Aug. 23.— It is
said here that the negotiations belr.s
conducted at Lassa. Tibet, between the
British mission and the Tibetan dele
gates for a treaty, are proceeding so
satisfactorily that the mission is likely
to leave Tibetan territory earlier than
was expected by the Government.
Tibetans Meet British Term*.
himself to the Vatican. He has al
ready seen the Pope and papal 'sec
retary of state, Cardinal Merry del
Val.
Monsljnieiir Geay Leaves Paris In
cognito to Make Amends at Rome
for His Disobedience.
Paris Aug. 29. — Monsigneur Geay,
Bishop of La Val, one of the recalci
trants whose refusal to go to Rome
brought on the recent rupture of re
lations between France and the Vat
ican, recently departed for Rome in
cognito for the purpose of submitting
RECALCITRANT BISHOP
SUBMITS TO VATICAN
Colonel von Raaben was a well
known character in St. Petersburg. He
was a man of great wealth and was
very popular socially.
Lieutenant General Routokovsky for
a number of years had been attached
to the staff of the Governor General of
the Caucasus as chief of the engineer
corps. He belonged to a prominent fam
ily of Nijni Novgorod.
The total of the Russian losses on
Sunday is not known, but 400 wounded
have passed through the first-aid sta
tions. The losses of the^ Japanese were
considerable.
ST. PETERSBURG, Aug. 29.— An of
ficial dispatch from Liaoyang, dated
yesterday, to the general staff, report
ing the continued Japanese advance on
Sunday, confirms the report that Gen
eral Routokovsky was killed during the
rear guard engagements, and adds that
Colonel von ftaaben also was killed.
Routokovsky and Von Raaben Among
the Slain at Liaoyang.
GENERAL AND COIX)NEL KILLED.
'"The whole six -corps, of which two
are European troops, have now formed
a semicircle within a radius of six or
eight miles of Liaoyang."
General Kuropatkin has not far short
of 170,000 men.
"The First Corps, which figured at
the battle of the Yalu and in the fight
ing at Motien Pass, again sustained the
brunt of the fighting and suffered the
majority of the losses, including Gen
eral Routokovsky and Colonel von
Raaben.
"The First. Second and Fourth corps
combined under the command of^Gen
eral Zaroubaieff. and the Tenth, Seven
teenth and Third corps under General
Ivanoff. forming the eastern contin
gent, succeeded in effecting a concen
tration at Liaoyang without further
loss.
"The Japanese began at dawn on
August 27 two movements designed to
cut off the First and Fourth corps. The
First, stationed at Anshanshan. half
way between Haicheng and Liaoyang.
experienced the most serious difficulty
owing to bad roads. The cavalry under
General Oku tried to flank this corps
from the east. In the meanwhile Gen
eral Kuroki. abandoning his pressure of
General Ivanoff and General Herschel
mann. drove a wedge between the Sec
ond and Fourth corps, which were sta
tioned west of Liandiansian. a strong
defensive position in the hills twenty
four, miles southeast of Liaoyang. The
Russians, greatly impeded by their ar
tillery and commissariat, fought a se
ries of rear guard actions in order to
ccver the retreat of their impedimenta
to Liaoyang, in which they were suc
cessful.
ST. PETERSBURG. Aug. 29.— The
operations around Liaoyang have un
dergone a complete change. Owing to
the delay in the construction of General
Kuropatkin's army, as a result of the
terrible condition of the roads, the
Japanese seized the opportunity to at
tack the slow-moving corps and severe
fighting occurred August 27 and 2S, in
which the Russians lost another. 1000
men, and they now probably will have
to accept a general engagement. Gen
eral Kuropatkin himself describes the
latest phase of the hostilities in a long
dispatch to the Emperor from a point
on the railroad a few miles south of
Liaoyang, where practically the whole
army was assembled and awaiting bat
tle. The telegram, which was filed early
this morning, says:
Japanese Strategy Cheeks the Retreat
of the "Ku»Ian Fox.*!
«
KIROPATRIN MUST FIGHT.
ST. PETERSBURG, Aug. 30.— Even
late last night tfre greatest uncertainty
prevailed- regarding the^actual situa
tion at Liaoyang. There is an intense
anxiety for definite news from the
front, bux even the authorities ' are
practically ignorant as to whether the
long expected battle will be fought at
Liaoyang. or farther north.
It is expected that a great battle
is now- proceeding and there are many
indications that such Is the case. If
this is so the fate of this year's cam
paign mav be settled forty
eight hours. At the saAe time opinion
is almost equally divided, many be
lieving that General Kuropatkin will
not make a determined stand and that
the Japanese will crack the shell only
to find that the bird has flown.
One of the Russian correspondents
of the press says the fighting so far
has been eonrined wholly to rear guard
actions. The Russian force is now con
centrated in a series of exceedingly
strong positions around Liaoyang, but
the whole withdrawal was in acc<yd
ance with a prearranged plan. It is
certain that the armies are now in
close touch. The Japanese are advanc
ing in great force along both of the
roads converging on Liaoyang. but the
crucial question, whether it is the main
Russian army that is concentrated
there to receive them, or merely a
strong screen, has not been answered
up to this time.
Much depends upon the weather. It
is possible that the recent rains may
have made General Kuropatkin's with
drawal impossible, even if he desired
to withdraw, or that a further down
pour may disarrange the plans of both
sides; but the latest indications, that
the weather and the roads are improv
ing, should force a rise of the curtain
within t\rentv-four hours.
the small river Lan empties into the
larger Taitse River.
The importance of the dispatch is In
the fact that, While it gives the situa
tion at that part' of the battlefield up
to Monday evening, it also shows be
yond any doubt that the Russian line
of communication is not cut.
BERLIN," Aug. '29. — The complaint
of the deputation from the London
Chamber of Commerce to Premier
Balfour Friday that Russia paid for
the German, vessels seized, while re
ffslng satisfaction, to the British, is
denied by Herr Diedrichsen 'of Kiel,
thp owner of the German steamship
Thea. which was sunk by the Vladi
vostok squadron in July, who tele
graphs that such is not the case. No
satisfaction has been given for the
Thea.
Government has given assurances to
Great Britain' that there is absolutely
no truth in the charges that Russian
warships are • discriminating against
British shipping in; favor of German
or other shipping in connection with
their -operations to search for contra
band. It is explicitly stated that Rus
sia is not pursuing British ships, Ger
man ships or ships' of/any other na
tionality, but that -she' is solely pur
suing contraband. This assurance has
gone far to allay the irritation of the
Government here, which had been re
ceiving unofficial information intimat
ing discrimination.
The Japanese delay is believed to
have been due to the necessity of
bringing up siege guns with which to
break the Russian fortifications.
BERLIN, Aug.' 29.— German military
men are discussing the* situation of
General Kurorjatkin with, the keenest
interest. They have information that
the defenses of Liaoyang are of ex
traordinary strength. The fortifying
of the town was entrusted to General
Melishtko, who enjoys 1 here the repu
tation of being a. master of military
engineering.
During the past two months he has
fortified all the strategic positions
around Liaoyang in a mariner well
nigh impregnable.- Triple lines of
trenches crown every height where ar
tillery could be effective. The entire
line . of fortifications is connected
through passages for facilitating the
reinforcement of endangered points,
while bomb proof retreats covered with
steel rails protect reserves. All impor
tant points have telegraphic communi
cation with headquarters.
The German critics believe* Liao
yang's defenses about equalize the dif
ference in numbers between the Rus
sians — estimated at 180,000— and the j
Japanese, numbering 240,000.
The danger of General Kuropatkin's
situation is recognized as being bottled j
up like Field Marshal Bazaine, who sur- j
rendered Metz to the German forces in j
1S70. It is doubted by the experts if j
General Kuropatkin will be able to j
prevent the complete encircling of
Liaoyang, which would mean, probab- ;
ly. the eventual loss of his entire army. i
ST.- PETERSBURG. Aug. 29.— It is
r*p«">rte<J from a reliable source that
Lieutenant O^neral Sto*>ssel. com-
Tnand«"*r of the Russian military forces
£t Port Arthur, has t^l^graph^d to the
Emperor, thanking him for the recent
,rn*e?^age of *>r>< ouragement sent to the
garrison of Port Arthur, saying that
the 4<?feriders of The fortress are ready
and \\illing to lay down their lives":
that the garrison has already suf
ferp.j severely, and intimating that it
is'hardly possible to hold out for more
than a month or six weeks.
Informs the Kmperor That Port Ar
thur Soon Must Fall.
Bt Port Arthur is described by a Rus
sian as very similar to a chess board
up<">n which every fort, with respect
to the zone covered by its artillery. .has
thp moving powers of the queen in
th* game of chess. Up to the present
time the Japanesp have made no at
tempt Xf im-cupj- any «in<= important fort
•vith'-'Ut b^inc sub.i^ced to a resistless
fir* from various directions from the
other forts.
•
STOKSSKI, IX»ES HOP1
The righting which be^an'on the 2.th
eoon became genera:. While the Chin
ete were at sea on August 2S, heavy
firing was resumed.
Two iunks containing contraband of
v.«r were sunk by a Japanese torpedo
boat ten miles off Liaoti Promontory.
It is said that fort No. o has changed
hands times and is now unoccu
pied. The Japanese filled the moat in
front at this fort with sand bags. The
Japanese are using thousands of Chin
e^ coolies to dig trenches, build earth
works and drag cannon.
The information received here dur
ing th" past week would seem to con
firm the belief that the great Japan
e.->- assault upon Port Arthur, which
was begun on August 20. was by no
means as successful as was expected.
Although the Japanese succeeded in
pushing their lines forward they were
unable in any instance to occupy the
important po*it!<vns from which they
had driven the Russians. They suc
ceeded only in weakening the Russian
lines without making important ad
vances in their own.
'The report that the Japanese forces
before Port Arthur have received heavy
reinforcements via Dalny has been con
firmed.
A Chinese who lived near Rihlung-
Ehan. declare? that h< saw the Rus
sians occupying this fort, from which
previous reports stated they had been
dr:\en. Probably both reports were
corrupt at the tini* the:* were current.
a«xejnf -official itdiicea state that many
positions about the fortress change
hcr.ds repeatedly.
A paHcemu told the Chinese that the
efficient soldiers in the garrison at Port
Arthur .-till numbered m->rt: than 10,-
CHEFU. Aug. 23.— The steamship
Chinhua, which has arrived here from
{(nxhnsg, reports that there was
heavy firing at Port Arthur from 9
o'clock last night until 2 o'clock this
itiorning.
Severe f.uhtins was resumed at Port
Arthur on August 27. according to
Chinese who left there on the evening
of the 27th. Between August 22 and
56 there was some fighting, but it was
less severe than that of the 27th.
one of the Chinese wa.« arrested and
compelled to carry the dead from the
bait it.; : ¦ . of Palichuang. which the
Japanese attempted to capture on Au
£U£t !5- Thirty carts were used to
caxty the dead, numbering: 400, from
iht trenches and outskirts to the city.
St. Petersburg Officials Are Not Sure That Entire Army Under
Kuropatkin's Command Is at Liaoyang.
Splendid Fortifica
tions Shield Rus
sian Army.
Four Hundred Rus
sian Dead Brought
Into the City.
German War Experts
Consider Liaoyang
Impregnable
Japanese Renew the
Attack Upon Port
Arthur.
HEAVY ASSAULTS UPON PORT ARTHUR'S EASTERN DEFENSES
CHEFU, Aug. 29. — Chinese arriving from Dalny say that on August 20, 21 and 22 heavy
assaults were made on the east flank of the Port Arthur defenses. It is asserted that the Japanese
losses in these attacks reached 10,000 men. Two succeeding days were occupied in disposing of
the dead. About 100 Chinese refugees from'Dahiy have reached Chefu within the last few hours.
They confirm the report that their countrymen at Dalny fear a Russian movement from the north.
Many of the newcomers are merchants who failed in their attempts to carry on business at Dalny
under Japanese rule. This and similar facts are changing the attitude of the Chinese commercial
class toward the Japanese, iar less enthusiasm than formerly being felt at the success of the island
ers in the present war. ........
BESIEGERS' GUNS AGAIN SMASHING FORTS MANNED BY STOESSEL'S SOLDIERS
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY. AUGUST 30. 1901.
The foregoing dispatch was filed on
Mcnday evening on the ground over
vhich the decisive battle of this cam
l aicn of the war between Russia and
Japan apparently will be fought in
the Immediate future.
Hsiaotun, which as indicated in the
<?ate line of the dispatch as being
eleven miles east of Liaoyang, is a
small town or village situated where
2
DR^PIgRCE'S HE3LEDIEC.
~-*JZa£ il Wtv33tz£^ There is no div
•fJXSSil&sf&Sr^'i P^-S :he >>« tkat
Tr^ilE^gS^. rnxa's heart is often
reached through the
6tot2ach. Happy the housewife who can
please her husband's appetite with well
cooked food for the table. Many a man is
Erouehv, ugly, nervous, suffering from dis-
tress after eating, heart palpitation, and all
through tkp overworked stomach.
Dr. Pierce's Goldca Medical Discovery,
which helps the digestion of food ia the
stOTsacb, assists the blood in taking up the
proper" elements from the food, helps the
liver into activity, thereby throwing out
the poisons ia the blood and vitalizing the
whole sjsteta. This assimilation helps in
the oxidation of the red blood corpuscles,
the poisons in the system are eliminated,
the heart gets the rijjbt kind of blood and
t<r»r person fee!s invigorated and stronger
in consequence. As a tissue builder it is
fur preferable to cod liver oil or any alco-
holic compounds or tonics, because it gives
the blood and the tissues the food elements
they require and maintains a person's
nutrition by enabling him to eat, retain,
digest and assimilate nutritious food.
It overcomes the gastric irritability and
eytaptoas of indigestion. Because of the
good effects from using Dr. Pierce's Golden
Medical Discovery upon nutrition and the
building up of the tissues, catarrh, con-
sumption, weakness or debility and symp-
toms of fever, night- sweats, headaches,
etc., disappear.
¦ I believe that it is generally conceded that
Dr. Pierce"* Golden Medical Discovery is the
best medicine for a man to talte suffering from
indijjestion. kidnev trouble, or any cf the afflic-
tions resulting from overwork or neglecting a
cold." writes J. Russell Hill, of tp Barrie Street.
Kingston. Ontario. Recording Secretary Impe-
rial Knights' Federation League of Kingston.
"I have used it several times during the past
few vears and have always found thtt it gave
mt immediate relief. It expels excesji** uric
•cid in the system, due to improper digestion,
r-lieves the kidneys from congestion, drives
headache «nd backache away, induces appetite
and tones' up the general system. I consider it
• fire remedy for young or old taen, «ure to
build cp a run-down condition of the system."
Spend Your Vacation
for $2O at
San Luis j
Hot Sulphur
Springs San Lu £, 0bl$po -
The most Ideal r«#ort for pleasure an*
health on the Pacific Coast. Buy round
trip ticket from Su Francisco to San
Luis Hot Sulphur Springs. San l*i!s
Obtspoi. Cal.. and return. Including etat*
to and from tprlnn and on» week's
board for $20.00 to «22.OO. according
to location of rooms, or board and accom-
modations fO.OO to ¥12.00 per week.
Scenic surroundlnss. fre« fcathl-.s.
N:«t!r,K and flshlns on grounds. Flna
fhady walks, tennis and croquet grounds,
dance pavilion for quests. Flna sea
beach one mile from Hot Sulphur Sprl&g*.
Cottages and furniture' ai e all cew. Oas
throughout buildings and grounds. Our
table is well supplied with the best th»
market affords. Our stage meets trams
arriving at San Luis Oblspo at 3:13 p. m.
every day (except Sunday).
This Is no hospital or sanatorium.
LAKE COUNT Y~ I
New. comfortabl* carriages direct to Um
most picturesque portion of California. Beat
equipped atage line in the State. Leaves Calls-
tor& dally (Sundays ezcepted) at 11:30 a. m..
direct to Harbin. Selgler. Adams. Howard. An-
Perron, Hobergs. Spiers. Astorgs and Glea-
brook: fcalf hour for lunch at Callstoga; also to
MIddletown. Lower Lake. Kelseyvllla u4
Lakcport. LJvery in connection.
• WM. SPIERS. Proprietor.
CAMP CURRY |]
ii G*t circulars ar an railroad orv-»s. 1
' Advertised by 4000 guests. «
YOSEMITE »
; t *
Hotel EL CARMELO
Pacific Grove. CallfcraJa. '"The Uttl» Del
Monte." At the seaside with homa comforts.
The Dlaca to spend' your vacation wlta your
family. Surf bathing and fishing. Rates
with beard $2 30 a day upward, cheaper toaa
staying borne. Send for illustrated pamphlet.
Address GEO. H. CORDT. Manager.
For health and pleasure: cure your rheum-
atism, malaria, liver, kidney, -with the natural
hot baths ar.d wonderful stomach waters at
SEIGLER SPRINGS
Arsenic beauty, baths. mineral swlmmlnj
pond: orchestra; climate perfect: 30 guests
sleeping out naoor.s the pines; reduced rates -
booklets at PECK'S. S. P. Co., Gl:{ Market zt '
or H. H. McGOWAN, Seigler. Lake Cour.ty. " !
LAKEPORT AN'D BARTLETT SPRING3
STAGE LINE— Hopland to Bartlett Spriajs. I
via Lakeport. carrying passengers for Laitr-or™ '•
and Bartlett Springs. Stage* connect w;:a
trains at Hool&nd. Leave Hopiaod at l"-.iu '
arrive at Lakeourt at ."i:30; arrive at ftartltri '
Springs at 7:30. New K-borse H-passen*-» : |
tourist tvai.-c.ns. with all the most modera in- I
DrovemcntB. Passengers for Lakeport o- Bart- '
lut Springs, call for tickets by Bartlsf. kpr.ajj !
btage Line. Tickets tan be purchased tt oiac* '
cf California N. W. Ry.. tao Market »t- uc
at Tlburoa ferry. . *
MILLER & HOWARO. Props.
MARX WEST SPBIirog.
H. KOENER. Prop. MRS j o DROST
and MRS. H. KOENEB will manage sprlnz.-
many Improvements: new cement bathhou*-'
and gas all over place: (2 day- $10 and sr«
week. Office. fSSt Larkinst. cor Geary oT
Mark West Springs. Santa Rosa. Rural No'. <i. '
LAKE TAHOE RAILWAY AMD
TRANSPORTATION CO.
Connects at- Trucke* with train leaving S. ?
• t 8:03 p. m. Returning;, connects at Trucke*
: with train reaching S. F. at 7:60 a. ra.
BARTLETT
SPRINGS.
BARTLETT does not suarante* to em
•11 the ills tbat humanity !• fc«tr to, bat
thousands of people have been benefited
by Tha us* of Bartlett Water and oaajr
cc r«d.
If yon would tn:pro-v» your healtb and
Iiave a grand good tisse. cozn» to Bartlet:
Fprinr*. where there u a resident phy-
Flciar.. a manager of amusements »pj coia-
pet ent ra.v-'-ri
Hruselteeplsff oottace*. »3 00 to $3 00 per
week.
Send for a booklet tnat trUl tell you an
about Bartlett.
Write J. E. MciUHAN. Baxtl«tt
Springs. Cal., or call at 2 Sutter St.. Su
Franciattx
WHY NOT SPEND YOUC
SUMMER AT HOTEL DEL
MONTE? NEW MANAGE-
MENT-GOLF, GLASS-
BOTTOMED BOATS, SUBF
AND DOOL BATHING,
OILED ROADS. SPECIAL
TERMS TO FAMILIES
GEO. P.SNELL, MANAGER.
LADD-S GUN STOUT.
43i SSAS3TT ST.
Dealers In Fir*>a.rrsj. Flsli'-jc TaskU a=d
Sporting Goods of ATI DescripttoBs.
Cams Outfits of Ter.tsy Bacs. Stoves, . Les;-
C'.nss. Boots and Saoea. Send 3c pestae* for
lCKVpac catalogue. *
_. l^.——.^ Mealo Park, on* hour from
LiniTTJv «"'• Nina trains daUy. Per-
Illil I 1 A ((Ct clisate; beautlTul plao«;
11 U I I I VI coirfcrt aad «ulat; axcaUea;
- . • table. .
AdgrejaW.J.MKP.pOITH. Mgr.. Hottfa Scnaot.
Own ' la mountains CAM?
ST7££U2:k HO HE of Sonoma Co. ilEEKEE
Purs «.ater. euuatle climate, lots sei:t:ur $ii>
up; cottaxts built by Meeker. $30 us; depot;
stores: restaurant: hotel: post ard express;
telephone; sawmill: 000 lots sold; 300 cottages
built. Sausalito ferry. N. S. R. R. M. C
MC£KHR. Cams Metlcer. Sonoma County.
THE TAXI. AC. LAKE TAHOE. "•Th
BOTH PLANS— AMERICAN and EURO-
PEAN. Rates: AMERICAN— $3 per day and
upward. $17 '0 r*? week and upward. EURO-
PEAN — Rooms. $1 per day and upward. Loca-
tion, service, accommodations, livery and boat-
inj£ supericr to any resort on tne \%\ en
KOWELL ML, WOODWORK'S
No ioe- Fur&st spring water. Cllrr.ats natural
toclc and Jnvlzorator. Residence 29 years. $7
per week. Wocdwcrta & Mutter. St. Helena. Cal.
J&UBICON PASS — A delightful resort
on •-> rci oX Uu« Taao«. Best sandy beacb
for Lathioc on th» lake. F.r.e gy fisninx and
h'jntlns in s^ascn. Boats, fishing taokl* aad
bor^es at moderate hire. Rates $2 a day or
free. $10 to SIC per week. P. O. and telep&cajk
A. L. FROST. Batten Park Lako Tanoe. Cat
HOSTS SHOSi: HOTEL — On Tomalea
Bay. Good table and accommodations. Hous*
gas ilsi-te-i Prices very reasonable. MRS. J.
EH1ELDS Marshall*. Marln County. Cal.
SCHASPES'S G2OVE- EOSS ?ALLET.
Private boarding: ttrms reason&bl*. • Tci.ii
teecis Sunday morning tralos. Atidrtas ilrLx
MATT I.ISD'AY Ucmj» Station.
OI'.CHARP IIOMF — Health. rest. comfort,
pleasure: beating, bathing; fresh milk. egea.
fruit; JT to Slo week. J. F. ORR. Doncanj
CHEAPEST and best tn America — Tha Weekly
Call. 16 pases, sen: ta any address ta the
United States or Canada cna year tar $1.
, postage paid.
Tie End You Have Always Bought
What is CASTOR I A
Castoria is a. harmless substitute for Castor Oil, Pare-
goric,-' Drops and Soothins" Syrups. It hi Pleasant. It
contains neither Opium, Morphine nor other Narcotic
substance. Its aye is its guarantee. It destroys Worms
and allays Feverishness. It cures Diarrhoea and Wind
Colic. It relieves Teethinjr Troubles, cures Constipation
and Flatulency. It assimilates the Food, reflates the
Stomach and Bowels, giving- healthy and natural sleep.
The Children's Panacea— The Mother's Friend.
e ±v:ml You lave Always Bought lias borne the signa-
ture of Chas. II. Fletcher, and lias been made under his
personal supervision for over 30 years. Allow no on«
to deceive you in this. Counterfeits, Imitations and
•• Just-as-coort** are but Experiments, and endanger tho
health of Children— Experience against Experiment-
ADVERTISEMEVTS.
In Use For Over 30 Years.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Th I" H *"
y* .Bears the Signature 01
Isiii sill j^fff pfcM^
H The finest grade of imported 1
H Bohemian flops — the choicest B
1 Barley Malt — the purest water — 1
I combined with care and skill, and the 1
I most scrupulous cleanliness, gives 1
I Beer the absolute purity which has 1
I crowned it the "King of al! |
H The American Brewing Co., St. Louis, U. S. A. ||
I HILBERT MERCANTILE CO. I
I Wholesale Dealers 1
M^^^ 136-144 SECOND STREET.I>ocators Are Gathering.
BLACKFOOT. Idaho, Aug. 23.—Al
ready prospective" applicants for lands
to be opened on the Fort Hall reser
vation September 6, near Pocatello, are
gathering in the vicinity of the United
States Land Office here. They are
camped near the entrance to the office,
sleeping on the steps and either carry
ing their own ' provisions or having
friends brinz'food to them.
"Scenic Treasures of California." the
most complete souvenir book ever issued:
price 75 cents. Souvenir Department,
Sanborn. Vail & Co.. 711 Market st. ¦ •
Fraud Order Issned.
The postorlice authorities have issued
a fraud order against the Union Com
mercial Company and C. SI. Ryder.
The so-called company had a tontine
diamond investment scheme and closed
up a few days ago.
Telegraphic advices from the' Santa Fe
In Arizona and New Mexico say that
damages from the recent severe storms
have been repaired and all trains are now
moving on schedule.
The rain has caused an enormous area
of vegetation to spring up and for hun
dreds of miles the Santa Fe tracks are
bordered by green fields. •
Santa l-'e Line Open.
J. H. Kirkpatrick, president, and C.
A. Harp, secretary of the Chico and
Northern Railroad, yesterday filed no
tice with the County Clerk of the ac
tion taken on June 21 last whereby the
capital stock of the company wai in
creased from $1,000,000 to" $2,000,000. di
vided into ?100 shares. The place of
business of the company is at the Pal
ace Hotel.. Of the whole capital stock
it is stated that $31,500 has-been sub
scribed.
Cnpital Stock Doubled.
Emergency Hospital Attaches Wed.
William Leuterdt. an ambulance
driver at the Central Emergency Hos
pital, and Gertrude Cousins, night
nurse in the same institution, were
married-. Sifhday morning in Sacra
mento. The romance began at the Park
Emergency Hospital, where the couple
were stationed in their respective ca
pacities, and has been in progress sev
eral months. They departed quietly
for the capital city in order to avoid
all publicity, but some friend sent down
woid of their marriage to the Emer
gency Hospital employes.
The Supreme Court handed down, a
decision yesterday in a contest over
the property of the Amalie Mining
Company. Elizabeth C. Lacy instituted
the action to quiet title to the prop
erty which she claimed by virtue of a
judgment, execution sale and Sheriff's
deed. C. E. Gunn based his claims on
a deed from the receiver of the com-'
pany under assignment. The loweir
court decided in favor of Mrs. Lacy,
but the Supreme Court does not think
the judgment should supersede the as
signment deed necessarily and orders
the case back for a new trial on its
merits.
Decision Favors Giinn.
Bishop 'William Kord Nichols,- Rev. L.. <;.
Fanfotd, Rev. H..H. Powell n.ev. E. L,.
Parsons, Rev. W. N. Guthiie. Rev. F. X.
Bugbee. Hev. W. B. Clark. Rev. W. K.
Hum, Rev. W. H. R. Hodgkln. Rev. C. U.
Marrack. Rev. W. A. Brewer. Rev. A. \V.
Kierulff. Rev. E. Bradley. Rev. D. C. Gard
ner. Rev.. C. iUcon, Rev. n. E. L*c CYalg:.
Rev. W. H. Hell and Rev. M. D Wilson.
Among those present were:
The clerical seminar of the diocese o*
California met last evening at the Oc
cidental Hotel for the first meeting of
the second semester of 1904. There was
a full attendance of the young clergy
men. The Rev. Cecil *M. Marrack of
St. Luke's Church gave an able paper
on ecclesiastical areas and liturgical
origins. An animated discussion fol
lowed the paper.
Hi-hop Nichols Hears Young Divine
Discuss Ecclesiastical Areas and
Liturgical Origins.
REV. CM. MARRACK
READS ABLE TAPER
day rendered judgment in favor of the
defendant in the suit brought by Milton
Schmitt, an attorney, to recover J150
he had loaned to Marion Hirschman,
son of a Jeweler of this city.
The latter admitted the loan, but
testified that it was in the form of
chips during the progress of various
poker games at the Concordia Club.
Judge Daniels ruled that it was a
gambling: debt and as such he had no
jurisdiction to compel Its payment, as
the law does not recognize such debts.
Judge Daniels Decides Suit Brousht
to Recover Value of
Poker Chips.
Justice of the Peace Daniels yester-
H1RSC1IMAX NEED NOT
PAY GAMBLING DEBT
Principal Richard D. Faulkner stated
that there has not been a single case
of truancy since the school began, and
this is considered remarkable in view
of the fact that some of the pupils are
regarded as inccrrigiblcs. Miss Rae
Alexander is assisting Professor Faulk
ner, but another teacher is a necessity,
as the classes taught Include the grades
from the first to the eighth. In all
likelihood one of the substitute teach
ers * will be assigned to duty in the
parental school.
The school, it is believed, will ac
comnlish a world of good and present
indications point to it being a success
ful movement.
School Directors Boyle and Altmann
visited the San Francisco Parental
School yesterday and as a result an
other teacher* wilf be assigned to the
school in view of the increasing at
tendance. The school now has forty
stven pupils, most of whom were sent
from the Juvenile Court.
Principal Faulkner Reports Increas
ing Attendance and Not One
Case of Truancy.
ANOTHER TEACHER TO BE
SENT TO IWKEXTAI, SCHOOL
Hon l-e»'i» F. Byington, District Attorney.
S>n Francisco. Cal — Dear Sir: According to
,-ha'iter .**.. section '1, <>f the charter of the city
• nd county of San Francisco, which consti
tutes you the legal adviser of the Coroner of
ih* illy and county of San Francisco, I hereby
n;brnit to >ou the lact that at the inquest on
the body of Rudolph Schulue two witnesses,
Xrthur Murphy and Charle.- Weintraut. com
mttttd deliberate j-erjuiy. 1 would ask that
your office take jirompt ttepn In this matter
to t!.e rnd that these m*n may be promptly
puniched for their offence, and also to teach
i4her* that they may not commit deliberate
l«erjury and have it ro unpunished.
If you are rot the proper p*r»in to set the
machinery of the law- in motion In these cases
I wlFh that you would promptly Inform me ad
to what step* nun be taken in th» matter.
Coroner Inland yesterday mailed the
following note to District Attorney By
ington concerning testimony given by
\rthur Murphy and Charles Weintraut
at the inquest on the body of Rudolph
Schultze last Saturday:
Notifies District Attorney as to Testi
mony tihen by Murphy and Wcin-
traut on Schultzc Inquest.
CORONER CAULS ATTENTION
TO CASE OF PERJURY
Another suggestion was made to cut
canals connecting the Tuba and Bear
rivers, so that the combined water
would flow through the American Basin
into the Sacramento near the mouth of
the Feather River.
It is impossible to eliminate the de
posits of debris from the mining re
gions, he said. To such an extent has
this evil grown that in many places in
Suisun-Bay where previously banks
were twenty feet below the surface they
are now commencing to appear on tht
surface. The hearing will be continued
at 10 o'clock to-day.
The engineers' commission for the in
vestigation of the flood regions of the
Sacramento River resumed its hearing
yesterday morning at the Flood build
ing.
The entire attention of the board
was taken up by Marsden Manson,
an engineer and expert of this city,
who appeared before the commission to
give his view on the obviation of floods
and tha reclamation of swamp lands.
In the opinion of Manson the only
way to cut canals in order to carry off
the debris that comes from the head
waters and the mines is to parallel the
course o? the river, and not to con
struct at right angles to any part of
its flow. In other words, where the
bends of the river are east and west
canals may be cut north and south to
lateral bends farther down the river.
Where the bends are north and south
the river will accomplish its own pur
pose with the aid of the constructed
canals.
One cut in particular was recom
mended to save much land from being
flooded. A canal from the Sacramento
at Grays Bend, above the Feather Riv
er, to the Sacramento at the Elkhorn
ranch, below the Feather River, would,
in the opinion of Manson, facilitate in
carrying deposits toSuisun Bay.
Marsdcn Manson Discusses Ways to
Eliminate Minimr Debris in
the Sacramento.
EXG1XEERS HtLVR VIEWS
OF LOCAIi RIVER EXPERTS
These figures are taken from Government
Kaupinsrs nrd obs^rvatlcn? and ar» strictly
accurate. They prove that the Tuoiumne
wattr =hr<i i-§ capable of irrijrattn* every fct
of lend In th» San Jcaquln Valley that couM
by any possible mean* h? broujrht Into the
?>*tem, and b«R:d?« that of supplying San
Francisco with an abundance of water for the
next fifty fir seventy. flve >Tars.
This Tnornins: Herman Pchu*«|.?r chief en
srinetr of the Spring Valley Mater Company,
Ui-tlllc-d regarding the po.-sible storage capacity
of reservoir sites <.n the Tuoiumne River. This
t*>timony. If allowed to so unchallenged, will
undoubtedly affect thr minds of the people of
th,- San Juaquin Valley in a manner very v^n-
JurlOna 10 the negotiations relative ta^
municipal water supr.ly.
"Mr. Schuster testified that th 3 total amount
thnt coul.l be Irrlcated by the various res»r
votw. moiuninc a tOb-foot dam. in the Hetch
HCtctay Valley, w.iul.l be only :s».OCO acres.
w with a dati 150 feet hlxh in th? Hetch
Hetohy Valley th- a:n..unt Which could b* Ir
ripateo would be 134.000 acres. This, testimony
3 \rry miBkading \>e(au«e In the nrM place
"¦ 'l aves out of calctt'.atinn the reservoir sit-s
nt ruolumre Mcad.-ivs. Lak? Eleanor. Tlld*>n
-aKe and Lipptnrott*. anl also tho fact that
....»,• Hitch >' <1am tan b- ea*ily raised
t'. SCO feet. Tris would store water capable
o' irrigating 270.IW0 acres: besides thl= the
trr.ailrst rtinnff evor known fioni the Tuo
lumre River was cai>abl? of irriiratin? S30.000
aires r.n c fent d»et>. and the average runoiT
for the last Mvn years nhows that the river
Is cafiablt ordinarily and without any «tora?e
reservoirs et ail of irrigating l.TOO.UCO acrea
one foot dee?.
Assistant City and County Attorney
John S. Partridge had the following to
say yesterday about Schussler's testi
mony:
Herman Sehussler. chief engineer of
the Spring Valley Water Works, testi
fied yesterday before I'nited States
Commissioner Hcacock and repeated
his statement that the water of Lake
Tahoe was contaminated by refuse and
drainage from dwellings and hotels.
He then turned his attention to the
question of storage sites on the Tuol
umne River. He will go on again this
morning.
WATERY TALK
BY SCHUSSLER
He Disparages Tuoluiime's
Rain Capacity and Says
Lake Talibe Is Tainted
Aug. 2?. — The Sloat
Monument Association has issued in
vi&uicns Jo the formal laying of ad
ditional stones in what is to be the
"oase of the Sloat monument at Mon
lecey. The ceremony, which promise?
:o*be most interesting, will take place
S«r timber 12.
\\ ill Lay Additional SUjne-*.
PROMINENT PKOPI.K WHO AR-
H1VKO YESTERDAY OX THE
COPTH* FK'JM THK ORIUXT.
Miss Carl returns to America to find
herself famous, but flatterers will lind
her a poor subject for their attentions.
"If this prominence had come as ths
result of my work itself I might enjoy
it." shs says, "but most of the people I
meet have never seen a mark from my
brush. My fame has gone forth because
I happened to paint a famous woman.
The pleasure was mine, but I would
be very blind if I allowed myself to
take any credit for it."
While in this country Miss Carl is
under engagement to paint several por
traits, and will probably remain in
America about two years.
Miss Carl, who met the Dowager
through Minister Conger, found in the
aged ruler a sister in art. The Em
press is something of a painter herself,
and on this ground of common interest
a warm friendship sprang up. Misa
Carl spent two years at the palace and
in that time made four portraits of tK-
Empress. The one sent to St. Louis
with su much ceremony was the most
conventional and. so Miss Carl declares,
the least interesting.
Miss Katherine Augusta Carl, the
American woman who painted the
famous portrait of the Dowager Em
press of China, arrived here yesterday
from the Orient. Miss Carl is going: to
St. Louis to join her brother, who ?s
one of China's commissioners to the
World's Fair.
"The Empress is the most maligned
woman on earth." said Miss Carl yes
terday. "She has been painted as worse
than one of the legendary dragons of
Chinese lore, when, as a matter of fact,
she is one of the dearest, gentlest
women it has ever been my good for
tune to meet. I had exceptionally goo-1
opportunities of judging, and 1 know
that I am right when I say that the
Empress is neither cruel nor selfish."
Democrats Meet at Keddins.
REDDING. Aug. 29.— Peter Peterson
was nominated for the Assembly on the
Democratic ticket in the Fourth Dis
trict, composed of Shasta. Modoc and
Lassen counties, at a joint Assembly
convention held at Redding this after
noon. Edward Riebe of Redding, who
had been daced in nomination, with
drew in favor of Peterson.
The Republican nominee for the As
sembly in thi3 district is J. H. Creigh
ton. a Redding attorney. The district
is nominally Democratic.
Dr. Francis E. Fremantle, who ar
rived here yesterday on the Coptic, is
an English physician who has been
makingr a tour of the world, studying
sanitary and hospital conditions, espe
cially with a view to the investigation
of tropical diseases. Dr. Fremantle
has a practice in London and is health
officer for the county of Hertford.
He spent six months in India when
the plague was at its worst. During
one week he was there 50,000 deaths
were recorded. He visited the Malay
Peninsula, and spent some time study
ing beri-beri in Siam and at Singapore.
He arrived at Tokio in the middle of
June and speaks highly* of Japan's mil
itary hospitals. The Japanese women
nurses he specially commends. He vis
ited Fusan, Tientsin, Newchwang, Che
fu, Sasebo and Hiroshima.
At Xewehwang he witnessed the bat
tle of Tashihchai from the house tops
and at the naval hospitals at Sasebo
saw many victims of the war. More
than M per cent of the wounds, he says
were caused by shells. There were few
shell wounds in the Spanish and Boe'"
wars and this is really the first time
that an opportunity has been given for
the study of (his class of wounds under
modern medical treatment. The study
so far has shown that the wounds can
be classed as great lacerations, usually
proving fata!; flesh wounds, extremely
painful but not dangerous, and burns.
Hiroshima is the chief center for the
Japanese military wounded. Here Dr
Fremantle saw more than 4000 patients
He says that -the bulUts used both by
Japanese and Russians, judging bv the
wounds, are quite 'humane."
Dr. Fremantle has written a detailed
report of his work for the British Med
ical Journal.
Bullions Is Mtesin;:.
Chief Wittman has been asked to as
sist In elucidating the mysterious dis
appearance of John W\ Budlong of
Rockford. 111. He left there on Decem
ber 29 last to visit his brother. W. M.
Budlong of Spokane. Wash., but has
not been seen or heard of since. His
trunk went through to Spokane and
was claimed by some person. His
ticket had also been used. It is sus
pected that he was foully dealt with
and that his ticket and trunk check
were stolen. :
TRAGEDY LEAVES EFFECTS
rpox sritvivoR's mind
iiml Hlmsrlf Haled Before
Widow of Man Who Killed Daughter
I.unacr Hoar # !
SAN JOSE. Aug. 29.— A tragedy that
occurred in this city a few years ag"
may have affected the mind of Mrs.
Annie Rodriguez, the sole survivor of
the StoHe family, which figured In th»
sensation. To-day she was examined
as to her mental condition. Dr3. F. C.
Gerlach and M. S. Silva. who examined
the woman, recommended that she be
committed to the Agnew Insane Asy
lum. Judge Hyland. however, differed
from the physicians and continued the
matter till Thursday.
On January 10. 1901. Robert Stolle. a
Herman gardener residing at 90S East
Julian street, killed his 13-year-old
daughter Bertha, set fire to the house
to hide the crime and then killed him
self. Mrs. Stolle. now Mrs. Rodriguez,
had fled from the house a few hours
before to save her own hie. Stolle left
a note saying that he had been driv-n
to the crime by his wife.
Three years ago Mrs. Stolle married
Joe Rodriguez, a Portuguese. Their
life has not been a happy one. and the
brooding over her former trouble has, it
is said, affected her mind.
Woman That Painted
Dowager's Picture
Is Modest.
Surgeon Describes
Wounds Made by
Modern Arms.
As an exaninle of the work of this
institute: Shortly after the soldiers
began to talie the field in the present
war it was discovered that many of the
horses were dying of anthrax. The
matter was referred to Kitazato and
within a short time he was prepared
to inoculate the animals with an anti
anthrax vaccine. Every horse sent to
the front after that was inoculated
twice and when Kitazato left Japan
the institute had turned out. under his
direction, more than 23,000 dozen doses
of the vaccine.
Kitazato speaks only German in ad
dition to Japanese. He looks more
like a prosperous monev king than a
scientist and the passengers on the
Coptic found him cxtremelr compan
ionable.
Soon after Kitazato returned tx>
Japan the island kingdom was visited
by the bubonic plague and it was in
righting the pestilence that he located
the plague bacillus, a discovery which
has been of infinite value in handling
subsequent epidemics.
Kitazato is now at the head of a
government institute founded for the
purpose cf making scientific investiga
tion of anything of national impor
tance.
Of all the men that have "done
things," one of the most interesting
and whose work has been most ""worth
while" is Dr. S.' Kitazato, the world
famous Japanese bacteriologist, who
arrived here yesterday on the liner
Coptic. Kitazato's name is familiar
wherever the secrets of science are
seriously searched after. In the school
of bacteriological research his name
stands side by side with that of Pro
fessor Koch, the great German savant,
in whose laboratories in Berlin Kita
zato spent seven years. In Japan Kit
azato is credited with knowledge illim
itable: to all the world he is as nearly
an absolute, authority as humankind
can be.
In company with other distinguished
people Kitazato is on his way to St.
Louis to attend the consress of arts
and sciences. He leaves for the East
to-morrow and before returning to
Japan will visit. President Roosevelt
Kitazato's name received its first
general prominence when he discovered
the bacillus of tetanus. v/as dur
ing the time he was working with Pro
fessor Koch. The latter, however, gives
all the credit for the discovery to his
Japanese confrere, who solved the
problem alone on lines of his own lay
ing.
Nobushige Hozumi. who arrived
here yesterday on the liner Coptic,
is the leading legal lijrht of Japan.
He is president of the law depart
ment of the Imperial University at
Tokio. He is traveling with Dr.
Kitazato and with him will attend tht
Congress of Arts and Sciences.
Professor Hozumi read law in
London, where he -was admitted as a
barrister to the Inner Temple. Ho
zumi belongs to a family that has
done much toward the advancement
of Janan. When Commodore Perry
first went to Japan he was enter
tained by one of the professor's an
cestors, to whom the naval officer
presented an English dictionary.
That dictionary was treated se
riously. It was handed from member
to member of the family, and from it
th2 Hozumis made their first acquain
tance with the English language.
That book is still in the family.
When Hozumi returned to Japan
he soon made his way to the front
ranks and was one of the twelve law
yers selected some years ago to re
vise the constitution.
The Imperial University at Tokio is
attended bv 4000 students. It offers
courses in medicine, law, engineering,
literature, science and agriculture.
There is another smaller Government
university at Kioto, over the law de
partment of which Professor Hozumi
exercises a long-distance supervision.
There was another famous Japan
ese on the Coptic, Miss Gyokashi
Atowi. She is one of Japan's most
famous artists, and is also heading
for the consresa at St. Louis. Jap
anese art is in a school by itself, and
Miss Atowi is in trvo Mm class. In
Japan her name is a household word,
and yesterday, when a party of local
Japanese. Was presented to the lady
there v/as an exhibition of bowing
and sniffling that looked for a while as
if it would never end. Each little
brown gentleman rolled his eyes and
bowed as only a Japanese can at least
nine times. Between each bow there
was a peculiar sniffling: inhalation of
the breath. But the lady liked it, and
for every bow and each sniffle she had
a rweet.' oriental smile.
Japanese Scientist Is
Here to Meet
Confreres.
Nippon Lawyer Will
Visit St. Louis
Exposition.
As :n 1S02 the Democratic party now de
nounce" "protection as a robbery of the manv
to enhance the few."" and pledges itself tu
overthrow the Dlns'.ey law. through a re
vision and reduction of the tariff. What w:!!
be the result cf such a policy? We will find
a most conclusive answer in the four years
cf the la.it Democratic administration, L«
the American Deoplc take the Democratic rla'
lorm and the ncord of the last Democratic
administration in one hand and th» Republi
can piatfcrm ard the record of the Republican
administration during the last three year* in
the oth<»r and rroncunce their potential jud;
ir.f nt.
Three »ars ajjo our great and beloved leader
In the contests of 1«M> and 10UO fell at his post
of dut<. HU successor has sine* then admin
istered cur national affairs with conspicuous
ability. He has been an earnest sfJdcnt o:
the country"* needs. He has been conscientooua
and ur.tirin? In the discharse cf his gr*at re
spor.sitUities. He has been Inspired by but
one purpose, and that haa been to do well
the work committed to his hands.
Judstd by any test we may apply, the ad
ministration of Prvaldent Rooaevelt has been
eminently satisfactory. The last three years
have been ytars cf exceptional prosperity.
Prosperity has not b«??n confined to limited
areas, tut has extended throushout the coun
try'.
In 1S36 the American people resolved to re
turn to Republican administration and to J>
publltan ioHcim. We came into power pledged
l« overthrow the Democratic tariff la* and t»
fnact in lieu of it a cenuine protective
bonkj the Uinsley law. Prosperity returned
and nrread her blessings amoni all sections
and ail peoples within the ampla limits of th»
republic.
WHITE RIVER JUNCTION*. Vt.
Aug. 20.— Charles W. Fairbanks of In
diana delivered his first formal speech
of the campaign here this afternoon.
Large numbers of people from all parts
of Windsor County and from Western
New Hampshire were present. The
demonstration was arranged particu
larly as a welcome from the people of
Windsor County to the Indiana Sena
tor, who~se father was born within its
limits. Senator Fairbanks address w»3
In part as follows:
The four y*ars succeeding General Har
rison^s defeat will not be soon forzott«n; they
stand In sharp contrast with the- years of Re
publican administration both before and after.
Thfy were fcur years of arrested development,
of panic and dmrtss without a parallel la
American history. Field, factory and mine
suffered a!ike. Vast armies of unemployed
marched through th* country, hopelessly seek
ing for an ocaortunity to work, resardless of
either the number of hours or the rate of
wases. To many from foreign shores wlio have
since then sought our hospitality and to many
of thi- youns men of our country who. for
the first t:nv°, will exercise the hish^st
privi!e?e cf >a American free man this may
seem an overdrawn picture. There are many
of our countrymen who will confirm it witn
testimony cativ?red In their own hard exp«i
ence.
Ncrtltern Pacific Roadmaster Outwits
Bandit, Who Escapes After Kx
«-liansins Miot- Witli Official.
MIJJES CITY. Mom., Aug. 29. —
Kc;idrnaster Benjamin Johnson of the
Northern Pacific Kailroad frustrated
an attempt to hold up a special train
<?ur!y to-day. A brakeman went to the
rear of the «-ain and was told to get
heck in the car by a man with a re
volver. Passengers who went back to
tavegtlgate were also driven back.
Hoadmaster Johnson got off two
stations east and telegraphed to Sheriff
Savage to meet the train at Miles CAy.
The Sheriff was there with a posse, vu(
tht suspected hold-up jumped off op
posite the section-house, Johnson
after him. Johnson grappled with
him. bu; he broke away and they ex
» handed two shots each. All trains
rfiher way were stopped about two
miles from town, but the hold-up man
had disappeared.
l-itUSTRATES ATTEMPT TO
$ HOLD Ul» MM-XIAL TKAIN
have been verifying, by observation,
the thinps wo r.-ad in the books."
A party «..f Hauaiians employed at
the Hutchinspn sugar plantation re
port seeing volumes of smoke issuing
fr>jrn the summit of Mauna Loa.
the crater*-. However. I do not wish to
fray that there was any especial sign
of activity in either crater.
"IVe hav<? n<>: been making: especial or
original jreolnsical investigation. We
.®n?. Slokuaweoweo also was emitting
a. clear, distinct column of steam, but
>«%: did n«>t have time i>> make th» as
cert to the more elevated crater. There
Is, DO way known to science to predict
"¦¦'l-i.r.K action. But from history we
*kn<«\v that the volcanoes on Hawaii
have be«'ii active m cycles of eleven
>¦*•«*:¦?, According to this cycle, the
*;:ne is ripe now for an awakening of
Splendid sunrise.
"On Hawaii we found Kilauea steam-
EpeciA] U:sr«tch to The Call.
i HONOLULU. Au?. 23.— Professor
Efcrton' and his company of students
have returned from their trip to Maui
and Hawaii, where they spent t^o
-*eeks studying volcanic phenomena.
"There is no place comparable with
Hawaii for volcanic study," said Pro
fessor Barton, "and there is nothing
this s^de of the moon that is compara
b*- with the «. xtir.ct c-rator Ilaleakala.
on Maui. The moon is covered with
extinct craters like the bis Maui cone.
"We Epent a week on Maui and slept
gne night on th-=- summit of Haleakala.
Tbe night was clear and we had a
Scientist Says There Is No
I'iaee Like Hawaii for
« Study of the Volcano
Nominee Reminds Hearers
of the Lean Years of
Cleveland's Administration
AWAY FOB TWO WEEKS
RECEIVES BIG AVELC03IE
Professor Barton Returns to
Honolulu From an Expedi
tion to Ilaleakala Crater
Charles W. Fairbanks of In
diana Opens the Campaign
at White River Junction
ONLY THE MOON
HAS ITS EQUAL
DELIVERS FIRST
FORMAL SPEECH
PEOPLE OF WORLD WIDE RENOWN ARRIVE HERE
FROM THE ORIENT ON THE STEAMSHIP COPTIC
THE". SAN -FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY. AUGUST 30, 1904.
3
Ail Shapes and Shades for $ 2.50
That's a terse but complete description of our $J.5O hat5.
We picture here two styles — if we attempted to show them all we
would have to take half a pace.
However, it matters not what shape or color you desire, we hare
the combination you want.
Every block in soft and stiff hats i« represented in these $^.50
lines,. and each hat is guaranteed. A new hat free to any dissatisfied
buyer. - :_-,.;¦-;..
We can offer this cuarantee, for thehats are the equal of hats which
usuallv sell for Sv?,o.
See our window "display.
Special for Wednesday and Thursday only— Men's Seamless Cotton
Ho:e, Regular 15c values for 10c.
™ cd ' ¦ 740 Market Street. lai h
p Brand m
P Evsipcpafed m
|| Sream m
|;hy bscaursil Is mcst concentrated; EsJ
"Mfm a^y adulteration iri our ag&k
:l^g|-D,.R,L. Walsh
. *'!£•$ from 847
Geary to
580 GEARY ST.
Reduced Rates for Thirty Days.
Painless Extraction 25c
Fillings, 50c
Crcm ii - 52.00 to $5.00
Mate Work $5.00 to $25.00
I.-Mik for this ad. each other day.
PERFECT
9 AN ELEGANT TOILET LUXURY
Used by people of refinement
for over a quarter of a century
PRCPARED BYI,. LARKIN, A SIGHTLKSS AND AGED MINER, WHO HAS FOUND A
DAUGHTKR. WHOM HE L.AST SAW AS A TINY BABY THIRTY YEARS
AGO IN THE STATE OF IOWA.
. BERLIN, Aug. .29.— The largest
sugar factory in Germany, named
Kulmsee, near Thorn. West Prussia,
was burned last night, involvine a
loss of $1,250,000.
Big _Snga r Factory Burned.
The police^, have been asked to as
sist in finding Mrs. Belle Matthews a
b f i( ?i 0 0 L 8i ? weeks - She lef t her h6me
at 119 Turk street four days ago and
her husband has been unable to locate
,No^ & o%a™ a S ndf Orrnerly Ml3S BeUe
Bride Missing; .From Home
OAKLAND, Aug. 29.— Alexander C.
Barrie of Berkeley was cited to-day to
appear before Judge Ellsworth next
Friday morning and show cause why
he should not be punished for contempt
of court for not having paid his wife,
Eliza A. Barrie, $20 a month alimony
since last July. Mrs. Barrie made
sensational charges against her . hus
band and his nephew, Frederick Wade,
in a suit for divorce she began, in
which she was defeated. Judge Ogden
holding that she was insane..
Wants Barric Punished.
OAKLAND, Aug. 29. — The Admis
sion day committee of the Native
Sons gave a theater party at the Lib
erty Theater this evening for the
benefit of the celebration fund. A
large number of tickets were sold and
the play. '.'The Private Secretary," was
much enjoyed.
Native Sons Give Theater Party.
Visiting Friend Shares Imprisonment.
Charles Lee, bunko man, was ar
rested last night by Detectives Ryan
and Taylor and his name entered on
the detinue book at the City Prison.
He is accused of bunkoing an Okla
homa man named Bud Kissinger out
of the sum of $316 on August 17 last.
Bert Campbell, a. fr-iend % of Lee,
called at the prison last night to see
him and was himself placed in det
inue on general principles. Campbell
and Lee are fake footrace artists.
They were concerned in a recent bun
ko game of this nature in Golden Gate
Park, when an individual was fleeced
of several hundred dollars. '
Clianire* in School Department.
OAKLAND. Aug. 29.— The Board of
Education to-night appointed F. R.
Cauch supervisor of manual training in
the public schools. The resignation of
Miss Leonore Busey, a teacher in tho
evening schools, was accepted, Miss
Carolyn S. Merwin being elected to the
vacancy. The following teachers were
granted leaves of absence: Miss C.
Lucy Maxwell, to January 1. 1905; Miss
Charlotte Louise Morgan, from October
1 for four months; Mrs. E. E. Green
man, from October 1 for six months'.
OAKLAND, Aug. 29.— Mrs. Abba M.
Whitney, a widow, aged 63 years, com
mitted suicide at the Hotel Touraine
this evening. The deceased had been
an invalid for a number of years and
in a moment of depression, caused by
brooding over her continued illness; she
took poison with fatal effect
Invalid Seeks Death.
INSURRECTIONISTS ARE
PREPARING TO ATTACK
BUENOS AYRES, Aug. 29— The
Paraguayan insurrectionists are ac
tively preparing for a land attack by
foot and mounted soldiers. Serious re
sistance is not expected. . '.
Government troops at Asuncion are
freely deserting. Their rations are
now reduced to three biscuits a day.
The country is almost entirely domi
nated by the insurgents.
In an interview to-day with Senor
Viera, the Paraguayan Minister, Jose
A. Terry and O. Betbedr, respectively
Argentine Ministers of Foreign Affairs
and of Marine, promised that Argen
tine would maintain strict- neutrality.-
According to the evidence adduced
yesterday in Judge Murasky's court,
Georgiania Dunlap, the 15-year-old
girl, who was the subject of applica
tion for letters for guardianship by
Secretary White of the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Children, has
disappeared, i/ter hearing the'evi
dence the courCpostponed further ju
dicial investigation for a month
W r hen White first applied for guar
dianship papers it was charged that
the mother, Mrs. Jennie Dunlap, had
mistreated the girl, who had made
her home with Mrs. Taylor at 5'S
Hyde street. The mother made serious
charges against Mrs. Taylor's fitness
to care for Georgiania and the Judge
decided that the mother should place
the girl in some institution. White
however, was to keep posted on the
wards progress. Yesterday both
White and Mrs. Taylor told the court
that they did not know where the irirl
was domiciled. • s
Dunlap Girl Disappears.
The death of Eugene Dalton last
night at the Clara Barton Hospital
marks the passing of one of San Fran
cisco's oldest residents. Mr. Dalton
came to the coast in 1S50 in the capa
city of stonemason and under Colonel
Mason, the first engineer officer to be
gin the' construction of this harbor's
fortifications, laid the first stone in the
works at Fort Point. Mr. Dalton had
charge of the stonework on the old
China Bank and for twenty years was
superintendent of the Laurel Hill Cem
etery. He came to America from Ire
land in the early 40's and for "the last
eight years of his life lived in Berke
ley. Such was his marvelous memory
that his friends consulted him on all
questions relating to the early history
of San Francisco.
Aged Pioneer Dies.
ALAMEDA. Aug. 29.— Signor Domen
ko Russo. formerly tenor at the Tivoli
Theater. San Francisco, and Mrs. Fran
ces Mandler. contralto, were married
th'is evening at 8:30 o'clock at the Pleas
anton. 222&- Santa Clara avenue, the
home of the bride's mother. Mrs. Rosa
Chandler. Rev. Christopher Reuss of
the First Unitarian Church officiated.
Miss Nellie Benson was maid of honor
artd Fred Mandler was best man.
Tewenty-flve guests witnessed the wed
ding and participates in the elaborate
banquet served at 10 o'clock. Signor
Russo and his depart to-morrow
for "Denver, from when* they will start
on a theatrical tour to last six weeks.
Sweet Slncers Are Marrieil.
OAKLAND, Aug. 23.— "I believe this
man to be the unfortunate victim of
the habit of carrying a pistol," said
Judge Hall this morning when W. O.
Stewart came up for sentence, having
been convicted by a jury of assault
with a deadly weapon for having shot
W. b. Kennedy in a quarrel over the
latetr's wife on the old Briggs ranch
near Newark.
Continuing his remarks. Judge Hall
said: "The man has not impressed
me as being a criminal. The jury did
right in finding him guilty. This was
in accordance with the testimony. But
the act was wholly unpremeditated and
it was a coincident that he happened
to have the pistol with him at the time
he got into this trouble. I think that
justice will be served by a sentence of
eighteen months in the County Jail
Instead of attaching the odium of a
term in the State Prison, and I shall
so order."
ESCAPES A .SENTENCE
TO THE STATE PRISON
W. O. Stewart Given Eighteen Months
in County Jail for Shooting
W. S. Kennedy.
This decision was reached this morn
ing by President Wheeler after he had
talked the matter over with Secretary
Henderson and C. W. Klilion, chief of
the university police. President
Wheeler communicated his wishes over
the telephone to Charles E. Snook,
attorney for the board of regents, with
the result that Mr. Snook- will be on
hand to-morrow morning in Justice
Edgar's court ready to prosecute, the
accused. Felipe Buencamino, • Clalr
Gordon, D. W. Taylor and H. W.
Schreiber, the arrested students, will
plead not guilty.
BERKELEY, Aug. 29.— The four stu
dents arrosted last Thursday night on
the campus of the University of Cali
fornia while engaging in a lark will 'be
prosecuted in the Justice's Court on
charges of malicious mischief. The
graver charge of tampering with elec
tric light wires, which is a felony of
fense, will not be pressed, as it Is
simply the wish of the university au
thorities to make an example of these
culprits.
cious Misehlef.
Four of Them Arrested L:«st Week
Will Be Prosecuted for Mali-
BOISTEROUS STUDENTS
MUST ANSWER IN COUKT
GUATMAS, Mexico, Aug. 29. — A
dispatch from the military authori
ties at Mazatlan states that on Mon
day last the garrison there was ad
vised that a party of at least one
hundred Yaquis were returning from
the ranches in Yucatan, to which
they had been deported, and had
crossed the southern ilne of the state
of Slnaloa and were en route to their
former hunting-grounds in Sonora.
A detachment was at once sent out
to intercept them and succeeded ill
heading off the Indians about thirty
live miles northeast of Mazatlan. The
Yaquis gave battle and succeeded in
keeping back the Government forces
until they could escape through some
narrow defiles of the Sierra Madre
Mountains. A force returning from
Hermosillo will be sent out from
Guaymns to intercept the band and
prevent it from joining the rest of
their brethren in Sonora.
I-'roin P.nnchcs and Give Baltic
to Government Troops.
I'AQUIS -MAKE FIGHT
TO KETUIIN TO HOMES
Band of Deported Indians Escapes
OAKLAND, Aug. 29. — The following
marriage licenses were issued to-day:
Joe M. Lopes, aged 24, and Mary
Lucio, 15, both of Centerville; James
Gilmour, over 21, Stockton, and Addie
H. Shingleton. over 18, Merced: Harvey
Long. 51, San Francisco, and Iantha
G. Bowman, 47, Berkeley; Henry L.
Halsey. over 45, and Ida F. Emmal]
over 35, both of Alameda; Edmund R.
Larkin. 24. and Henrietta E. Morrison
23, both of Oakland.
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND, Aug. 29.— The City
Council will meet to-morrow night to
place on final passage the bond elec
tion ordinance, at which will be sub
mitted on September 27 the proposi
tions covering an issue of $2,432,000 for
public improvements. Mayor Olney. it
is expected, will sign the ordinance
without delay. Improvement clubs
an3 other organizations will begin a
catnpaign at once in support of the
project. Flags indicating the boun
daries of the Sather tract park site
have been set out for the information
of the public. The De Fretnery prop
erty at Sixteenth and Adeline "street?,
another projected park site, will be
open daily after September 1 for in
spection.
Ready for Bond Ordinance.
ALAMEDA, Aug. 29.— In the face of
parental opposition Miss Adelaide Grif
fiths, daughter of Dr. Allen Griffiths of
1517 Willow street, went to Oakland last
Wednesday and was there wedded to
John Frasier. an employe of the South
ern Pacific Company. Dr. Griffiths op
posed the marriage, claiming that his
daughter was not yet 17 years old. In
the marriage license the age ''of the
bride is given as 18 years.
Marry Despite Opposition.
BERKELEY. Aug. 29. — Paul Trop
lonjsr didn't think the uistol he was
tampering with yesterday was loaded,
and the usual thing happened. la this
rase it happened to be his sister who
Was the victim. She is Mi.ss Amanda
TroplonK. 14 years old and a student
of the Berkeley High School. She
lies in bed now with a flesh wound In
her leg, just above the ankle. She
is glad that she is not dead, ami so
is h«*r brother, who feels the result
of his awkwardness.
The youth was cleaning his pistol,
a 22-caliber weapon, in the kitchen at
the time of the accident, and his sis
ter \tas watching him across the
way. Suddenly the pistol went off and
a little scream notified the household
that Miss Amanda had been shot.
She was brave, however, and did not
¦wince at. the pain while waiting for
thf doctor to arrive. The wound is
not serious, and she will be abl«± to
return to school soon.
Paul Troplons Did Not Think the
Weapon Was Lo;uled, but He
Was Wrong.
This command was enforced at the
muzzle of a revolver, which one of the
highwaymen placed within a few
inches of the frightened man's face.
The insolent command was promptly
obeyed and $12 50 was. politely handed
over to the man who accompanied the
fellow with the pistol.
After securing the money the two
men walked quietly away in one direc
tion, while the victim gathered up his
lines and drove off in the opposite. He
had no sooner got out of sight of the
robbers than " he called up Sergeant
Lewis of the Potrero police station
and informed him of his experience.
The crime was at once reported to
the Central police station and Captain
of Detectives Martin placed two de
tectives on the track of the men.
Kalisky gave a good description of
both|robbers. having scanned their ap
pearlnce while they were relieving
him of his valuables.
Nathan Kalisky, an agent for the
Old Mill Wine Company, when re
turning from the city to his residence
at 217 Fourth avenue South at 10
o'clock yesterday forenoon was con
fronted by two highway robbers at the
intersection of San Bruno and Cort
land avenues. The men were un
masked and in a most daring manner
stepped out into the center of the
driveway and commanded Kalisky to
throw up his hands and pass out his
money.
Two Unmasked Robbers Stop Nathan
Kali.-ky at the Muzzle of
a Revolver.
BOLD DAYLIGHT HOLD-UP
ON SAN BRUNO AVENUE
BERLIN. Aug. 29.— Three regi
ments of military railroad builders In
the last few days erected a strong,
wide bridge over the Elbe, in the
country district near Witteinberg.
capable of bearing heavy artillery and
army transports. It was torn down
to-day. The labor and the material
for the bridge cost $500,000.
Extraordinary precautions were
taken to keep the country people from
approaching near the bridge ;ind to
prevent photographs of it being tak
en. The structure, which was per
fected by members* of the general
staff, was built in sections tijat can
be put together quickly. If one or
more sections are destroyed by shells
or by fire others can be substituted.
The bridge can be adapted to streams
of varying width and depth. General
von Einem. the War Minister, in
spected it Saturday and pronounced it
admirable.
Military Experiment Costs $500,000,
but Authorities Express Thcm
edres as Well Pleased.
GERMAN* SOLOIEIIS BRIDGE
THE ELBE IX FEW DAYS
BERKELEY. Aug. 29. — The Rev.
Jacob H. Strong, a retired Congrega
tional clergyman, died last night at
the Providence Hospital, Oakland,
after seyeral weeks' illness. The de
ceased minister was a native of Con
necticut, 75 years old. He resided at
2635 Hillegass avenue. In 1869 the
pioneer preacher began his first pas
torate in California at Soquel, serving
there live years. Subsequently he was
at Pescadero, and later held a pulpit
at Clayton for nine years. For eight
years he had charge at Sunol. Fail
ing health caused the clergyman to
retire. He leaves a widow, two sons
and two daughters, who are Mrs. Fan
nie F. Strong. F. A. and Theodore P.
Strong, Mrs. Elmira S. Watson and
Mrs. May S. Cooper.
Death of Pioneer Clergyman.
On September 23. 1901, Larkin was
injured bv a premature explosion of
a blast and he was sent to Lane Hos
pital in San Francisco, where it was
found that his sight had been totally
destroyed.
Larkin entered the ho&pital on Oc
tober T, 1901. and remained until Feb
ruary 11. 1902. when he secured admis
sion to the King's Daughters' Home in
siciiiT is i)i;stkovi:i>.
OAKLAND, Aug. 29. — After a separ
ation of nearly thirty years, A. L. Lar
kin, an old miner, who is now an in
mate of the King's Daughters' Home
in this city, and his daughter, Mrs.
Minnie K. Bissell. have been reunited
under circumstances which might eas
ily form the plot of a romantic drama.
The happiness of both, however, -was
tempered with sadness,* for the father,
who has not seen his child since he
left her, a tiny baby in her mother's
arnif, will never see her face, for he
is totally blind.
In 1874 Larkin departed from his
home in Iowa to seek a fortune in the
mines. He left his wife and daughter,
then a baby less than a year old, fairly
well provided for, hoping to return to
them a rich man. Fortune failed to
smile upon him and for years he wan
dered from one to another of the min
ing camps of Colorado, New Mexico
and Wyoming, making only a bare liv
ing and unwilling to return home
without the fortune which he had
come 60 far to "eek.
Finally his letters home remained un
answered and as he drifted farther
west he gradually lost all trace of hia
wife and child. In 1898 Larkin came
to California and finally located at the
Berlin mine, near Austin, Nevada.
this city. While confined to his room
at the hospital Larkin was often vis
ited by Dr. Nelson Bissell, then a stu
dent at Cooper Medical College. ' Af
ter he was able to get out the old man
' often walked past the latter's home.
Little did he dream that the wife of
the young student, the mother of two
boys, whose shouts he had often heard
while passing the house, was the
daughter whom he had left nearly thir
ty years ago.
After coming to Oakland Larkin for
got this student acquaintance, who
meantime was graduated from Cooper
College and entered upon the practice
of medicine. In June, 1903, after Lar
kin had been an inmate of the King's
Home for more than a year.
Miss L. Gilbert of AlamedK visited the
home to call upon one of the inmates,
a friend of the old miner. She met
Larkin, who, when he heard her name,
remarked that he had a cousin of that
name who. when he last heard of him,
was living in Iowa. •"Why," said Miss
Gilbert, "Iowa was my father's home."
Further conversation revealed the fact
that the young lady was the daughter
of Larkin's cousin, T. M. Gilbert, who
had come to California several years
ago, and was killed two years ago while
working for the Southern Pacific Com
pany.
On learning that Larkin had not
heard from his family for several years
Miss Gilbert wrote to a relative in
Iowa telling of her discovery, and from
this relative came the news that the
old man's only daughter was married
and was living in San Francisco. Miss
Gilbert wrote to Mrs. Bissell and she
at once came to Oakland to investigate
the story. What was her surprise to
discover that the old miner, whom she
had several times visited in company
with her husband, was her own father.
VOITII IVOL"XDS HIS
SISTER WITH PISTOL
CHRISTIANIA, Norway, Aug. 29. —
M. Micholsen has been appointed Min
ister of Finance and Customs in suc
cession to M. Kildai, and M. Vogt has
been appointed Minister of Foreign
Affairs, Commerce, Navigation and In
dustry in sucession to M. Schoening,
MM. Kildai and Schoening having re
tired in accordance with the constitu
tion. MM. Micholsen and Vogt had
therefore formed a delegation of the
Council of State "residing at Stock
holm near the King."
Norwegian Government Officials Lose
, ,< r Hlsli Oflices by Operation of
Country's Law.
RETIRES IN ACCORDANCE
WITH THE CONSTITUTION*
The Civil Service Commission an
nounces an examination on September
2S, at San Francisco, to secure eligibles
from which to fill a vacancy in the po
sition of messenger boy, at $360 per
annum, in the weather bureau at San
Francisco.
California postmasters appointed: El
moder.a. Orange County, D. W. Lentz,
vice Mary K. Janeway, resigned;
Keeler. Inyo County. Blanche F. Bo
land, vice Thomas Boland, dead.
A. Hanson Weightman of Marysville.
Oal., has been appointed assistant ob
server in connection with the weather
bureau.
Washington— Alfalfa, Yakima Coun
ty, route Xo. 1. area covered, 16 square
miles, population served, 562; Mabton,
Yakima County, route No. 1, area cov
ered, 22 square miles, population
served, 486.
California— Bakersfield, Kern County,
additional service, route No. 2, area
covered, 21 square miles, population
served. 336.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 2», — Rural
routes have been established, service
to commence October 1:
OF INTEREST IX) PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
X<>« Kural Routes Are Established in
California ami Washington.
Postmasters Appointed.
Will Consider Placing of Voting Ma
chines at Special Meeting: of
Snb- Co mini ttee,
The Board of Election Commission
ers met last night at the City Hall
principally for the purpose of consid
ering the placing of tho voting ma
chines. Commissioners Devoto, Lef
fingwell and McGulre agreed to mr ->t
next Wednesday night to consider their
disposal.
Some time was consumed In reading
the minutes of the two preceding meet
ings of the board. Following that cams
the submission of a report by Thomas
W. Hickey of the Democratic County
Committee. Mr. Hickey submitted a
list of candidates that had been in
dorsed by the County and State Cen
tral committees for the positions of
election officers. President Roberts de
murred at accepting the list, as he in
timated it barred any Democrat who
might be willing to serve, but who did
not have the indorsement of the gov
erning Democratic committees. After
much verbal sparring by President
Roberts and Mr. Hickey. who was aid
ed by Chairman Timothy H. Spellacy,
the list was placed on file to be inves
tigated and considered.
The board granted the request of
W. L. Harper of the Thirty-ninth As
sembly District to hold a precinct reg
istration on September 14 at 1463 For
ty-ninth avenue.
Rewards of $250 will be offered by the
board for the arrest of any person vio
lating the election laws and $23 for
any one destroying election property
during the coming election.
The board then adjourned to meet
Monday evening, September 12, at 8
o'clock.
BEAUTIFTTi EXHIBIT OP
COTTON MADE AT HAJLE*S
Enterprising Firm Secures More Than
150 Plants for Display In Its
2£stabU>hnimt.
An interesting exhibit of cotton
plants In all their various stages of
development is being made at Hale
Brothers' dry goods store.
Arrangements were completed some
time ago by the management of the es
tablishment with a seed firm In New
Orleans for the shipment of a quantity
of cotton plants from incipiency to full
bloom. These have been installed in
the grand court of Hale Brothers' large
store and thousands of visitors are
availing themselves of the opportunity
to see for the first time how cotton
grows.
Over the court a troupe of colored
singers warble Southern lays of the
cotton fields. The exhilbit will doubt
less prove of interest to a great ma
jority of the visiting Knights Templar.
PERSONALS.
M. German of San Diego la at the
Lick.
J. A. Mehling. a contractor of Cleve
land, is at the Lick.
James G. Scrlpps of Los Angeles is
registered at the Grand-
Charles J. Cox, a merchant of Hol-
Hster, is at the California.
Henry C. Melone of Oak Knoll,
Napa County, is at the Grand.
R. Steger of the Llewellyn Iron
Works of Los Angeles Is at the Lick.
Rev. E. R. Foulkerson, a missionary,
who registers from Nagasaki, is at the
Occidental.
George S. Nixon, a banker of Winn*
mucca. New, is at the Palace. Mrs.
Nixon accompanies him.
K. R. G. Wallace, a prominent Ma
son, arrived on the Sierra yesterday
and Is among the guests at the Palace.
E. E. Paxton, formerly manager for
B. F. Dillingham In the Hawaiian
Islands, arrived on the Sierra yester
day.
-, G. W. and G. X. Wilcox, susar plant
ers of the island of Kaual. arrived on
the Sierra yesterday and are staying at
the Palace.
Among the recent arrivals at the
Palace was Seymour W. Tulloch of
Washington. D. C. who was promi
nently identified with the postal In
vestigations. Tulloch left for the
East yesterday.
Postoflice Appointments.
Postmaster Fisk has made the fol
lowing appointments from the eligible
list to substitute clerkships: Leslie W
Hayes. • Charles F. Adams. Alfred
Gourdier. Henry P. Glannlnl and
Charles M. Dillon.
The corona of the sun— not the sun
itself— weighs something like 25,000,000
tons, so Professor August Svante Ar
rhenius of the University of Stockholm
has discovered after making a visit to
the great Lick Observatory at Mount
Hamilton.
Of course, Professor Arrhenius has
not computed the weight of this enor
mous mass by any such insignificant
scales as there are on this earth. The
scales he did use are of the intellectual
kind, utilized in handling big problems
and big figures. In other words, the
scales were his brains and the tools
were the atmosphere, the temperature
and the telescope.
To Professor Arrhenius and the rest
of the astronomers 1*5,000,000 tons, it
seems, isn't much for the corona of the
sun to weigh. In fact, they are sur
prised that it is thus shown to be so
exceedingly light, considering that it
occupies a space whose dimensions in
every direction amount to several mil
lions of miles.
Besides computing the weight of the
corona Professor Arrhenius settled one
other great problem that has puzzled
the astronomers for a long time. This
problem concerns the sources of the
coronal light, over which two schools of
astronomers disagreed. For instance.
Professor W. W. Campbell, director of
the Lick Observatory, and Astronomer
Perrine, his assistant, held the view
that the light of the inner portions of
the corona is due to the radiation from
minute dust particles maintained at a
temperature of incandescence by the
enormous heat of the adjacent solar
surface, and that the light from the
outer corona is composed mainly of
sunlight reflected and diffracted by the
colder dust particles composing thia
part of the corona. These conclusions
were based upon the character of the
spectrum of the corona.
On the other hand the observers of the
Smithsonian Institution measured the
quantity of heat from the corona and
were surprised to find that, even in the
immediate proximity of solar surface
the effective temperature was sub
stantially that of the room in which
they were observing. They therefore
held the view that the main source of
light from the corona is not the in
candescence of its particles, but that
the radiations are in the nature of an
electrical discharge.
Professor Arrhenius. however, has
succeeded in harmonizing all the re
sults of observations by showing that
the particles in the region observed
must be at a temperature of; about 8000
degrees Fahrenheit and therefore must
be radiating light by virtue of their in
candescence; but that the particles are
so few and far between that the ef
fective temperature observed is not the
temperature of the particles them
selves, but is the average temperature
for the incandescent particles and the
cold background of space upon which
these particles are seen, here and there,
in projection. The total area of the
background covered by the particles In
projection is but a minute fraction of
the whole area. The spectroscopic
and thermometric observations are
completely harmonized by assuming
that, in the part of the corona ob
served, there is but one minute dust
particle for each fifteen cubic yards of
space.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Aug. 29.
"We have heard all sorts of knocks
on this proposition, and we know their
origin. I will say for the board that we
will give this matter the most careful
consideration. We do not intend to
take any action until we have made a
thorough Investigation. We are com
mitted to this proposition, and I believe
it will be one of the finest advertise
ments for the county that was ever
proposed. We have acquired the neces
sary right of way, and all we have to
do now is to see to the building of the
road and that it is properly done."
Four bids were received this morning
by the Board of Supervisors for the
construction of the scenic boulevard be
tween Oakland and Haywards. The
lowest bid for doing the work was sub
mitted by the Ransome Construction
Company for the sum of $300,000, which
is $1000 less than the estimated cost of
the work as reported County Sur
veyer Prather, who had the drawing of
all the plans for the road and esti
mated that it would cost $301,000 to
build. The other bids were: Oakland
Paving Company, $305,000; E. B. & A.
L,. Stone Company, $324,500: Pacific
Construction Company, $397,973.
The ontract for the work will not be
let until September 6. In the meantime
the bids will be investigated to see that
they are according to the requirements.
The payment for the work has been
provided for by special tax levy, and it
is expected that in three years the work
will bo finished. It is intended to make
this one of the famous drives of the
State. It will be a broad boulevard, 100
feet in width and twelve miles in
length, and will follow the contour of
the foothills at a sufficient elevation
to give a magnificent view of the coun
try surrounding San Francisco Bay.
A protest against the letting of the
contract for the work has been received
by the board from the Alameda County
Advancement Association, which asked
that action be deferred. In some re
marks passed upon this communica
tion by Chairman Mitchell he said:
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Aug. 29.
Though Heine denied that he knew
anything about the missing wife's
whereabouts, he said he had been
engaged by her to move her trunk to
Berkeley. He refused to say where
the trunk had been taken. It was not
long after Detective Quigley met
Heine that Mrs. Organ appeared at the
City Prison. She refused to say where
she had been stopping. ' Concerning
the insanity affidavit. Mrs. Organ
averred that she had been abused by
her spouse and for that reason she
had left home.
Claiming that his wife, Mrs. Myr
tle Organ, had been spirited away
from home after he had sworn to a
c-omplaiht for her arrest as insane,
William C. Organ, residing at 1416
San Pablo avenue, applied to-day to
the police for help in locating the
missing woman, who had been away
from home since Friday.
Organ declared his belief that W.
F. Heine, a carpet beater, residing at
2611 Shattuck avenue, Berkeley, knew
where Mrs. Organ was concealed.
Detective Quiglcy made an investi
gation this morning and after a long
but unsatisfactory interview with
Heine returned to police headquarters.
The detective said he was satisfied
Heine knew where the woman could
be found. Quigley's theory proved to
be correct. Early this afternoon Mrs.
Organ appeared at the City Prison
and surrendered herself. She was
taken to the detention ward at the Re
ceiving Hospital and held for examin
ation by the Lunacy Commissioners.
Mrs. Organ is 25 years old. Her
husband says his wife has tried to kill
herself on several occasions by but
ting her head against a wall and by
cutting herself with a pair of scis
sors.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Aug. 29.
Would Examine Bid of Kau
some Construction Com
pany to Build for $300,000
As the various divisions disband at
the- corner of Telegraph avenue and
Twentieth street the members of the
unions in line will take cars to Idora
Park, where the pieinc and barbecue
will be held.
The Jourth division will form on Filth
street <north side), west of BrcaJway: Mar
fhal T. J. Hwr.'c'r.s, M< Bayi's band. Street
"irrrier. e Cr.lon No. 19^. . SiRn. OarriaK*" and
PictorU' Painters; Marhirists. Machinists'
srr"*ntites. South side of Fifth street, west
nf .«-oadway: Gas Workers' I'ninn. Iron.
Fie<>: and Tinworkers: Boilermaker*. On
r.o iY- side cf Fifth street, east nf Broadway:
Ptaticnary Engineers. Stationary Firemen,
ftaif* Mechanics. Sonth side of Fifth street,
esst of Broadway: H'TFeshoers, Stevedores.
Thtf-d division will form en Fourth street.
w»-»t of Broadway: Division Marshal S. F.
Fal»7 Sootfa bund. l^nRfhnremen's t'nion.
Barbers, Electrical Workers. Branch No. 1 of
No. *i (San Francisco), Electrical Worker*
No. 2M. Iietail O^rke. On north side cf.
Fourth street, ejst: Tailors' Union. Ship
wrights. Souih side of Fourth street, east of
Broadway: Laundry Workers.
Sec-end division will form on Third street.
North tide of Third street, west of Broad
way: F. Danke and aid?. Callahan's band.
DJKT'Ct Council of Carpenters. Carpenters.'
Caleb No. 36. South Bide of Third street,
west cf Broadway: Carpenters' I"ninn No.
194 aii;" Millmen's Union No. r,.'iO. North side
of Third otreet, east of Broadway: Carpen
ters Nos. U5K. 16*57. M5. South side of ThlrU
etrefV «ast of Broadway: Carpenters' T'nion
No. 1473 Amalgamated Society of Carpen
ter*
George K. Smith, grr.rtd marshal of
the Labor day parade, to-day issued
his' orders lor the formation of the
t . procession, and also announced the
starting point and the line of march.
The parade will start at the foot of
Broadway at 10 o'clock sharp and will
march up Broadway to Ninth street,
to Washington street, to Fourteenth
6treet. t<> Grove street, to San Pablo
avenue, down San Pablo avenue to
Broadway, to Seventh street, and
ountermarch on Broadway and San
Pablo avenue to Twentieth street, to
Telegraph avenue and disband.
Vhe reviewing stand will be located
at the intersection of Grove street ana
Fan Pablo avenue. As the various di
visions pass the stand after the coun
termarch the marshals and aids will
fal' out and join the grand marshal in
'frr,iit of the stand.
The divisions will form in the follow
ing order at 9:30 sharp:
Fir»t division. i-ocmd anil Broadway: Pla
toon cf po!tc«. grand marshal and aid*, car
r.age*. containing united gue?ts. judpes and
president. North f>f<J«» of F^ond, west cf
BroadWty: H. C ShafTor. marshal of the first
division: Allen'* hand. Butchers' I'nlon, Cooks
snd Walters. Bakers. South Fide of Second
ftrwt. west of Broadway: Soda. Ice and Min
eral Water Driver*. Poda and Mineral Water
T^ottlers. Beer Bottlers, Boxmak<-r!». Boot and
cho* Worker*. Flour and FVed Mill Opera
tive*. North fide nf t^coni Ftrpft. east of
*Jro« way: District <"ounoil of Teamsters,
"Teamsters No. TO. South Bide of Second street,
eapt of Broadway: Material Teamsters.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Aug. 29.
After the Procession a Re
union and Barbecue Will
Be Held at Idora Park
Distinguished Swedish Sci
entist Harmonizes Conflict
ing Reports of Observers
Says a Man in Berkeley Had
Something: to Do With the
Disappearance of Woman
ELECTION" CO3I3IISSIOXERS
HOLD A NIGHT MEETING
TOSTART AT 10 O'CLOCK
SETTLES THE QUESTION
CONTRACT IS WITHHELD
HUSBAND COMPLAINANT
Formation and Line of
March of the Labor Day
Parade Are Announced
Supervisors Receive Offer
of $1000 Less Than the Es
timated Cost of Work
Surrenders 1o the Police,
Who Hold a Warrant for
Her Arrest as Insane
Professor August S. Ar
rhenius Finds Corona's
Heft Is 25,000,000 Tons
GRAND MARSHAL
ISSUES ORDERS
MISSING WIFE
COMES TO LIGHT
BIDS OPENED
FOR BOULEVARD
WEIGHS SUN'S
HALO OF LIGHT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 30, 1901.
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
Child Whom He Last Saw as a Babe in His Wife's Arms,
Nearly Thirty Years Ago, Finds Her Parent an Inrmte
of the Home of the King's Daughters in Oakland
BLIND FATHER REUNITED
TO LONG LOST DAUGHTER
4
BEAXCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKJLAND.
1016 Broadway.
Telephone -Main 1083.
. BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North 77,
ALAMEDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Alnmeda 559.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
It's a Mother's Duty
To see that the children's teeth receiva-
the
:^V DENTIST'S
Attention at a'n early age. It will pre-
vent premature decay, irregular growth,
loosening, etc.
Our methods are thorough and suc-
cessful. Filling, extracting, etc.. is dona
in a highly skillful manner.
Teeth Regulated.. S5 Bono Pillin*i. 25o
com ruiinjri..$i.oo;siiver Piiiimr*..!50o
Post-Graduate Dental College
3 TAYIOS ST.. SAN FRANCISCO.
973 Washington St.. Oakland.
Saa Jote. •_•¦ - . - Sacramento.
CARTELS) cuhe sick headache.
Genuine Must Bear
m iy?? Fac-Simib SignatureGR1DLEY, Aug. 29. — Work. on the
Butte County canal, which has been
the hope of the people in this vjcin
ity for fifteen years, was commenced
to-day. The ditch is to be sixty feet
wide on the bottom and will carry
water to irrigate 10,000 acres. The
contractors expect to have the canal
comoleted bv January 1.
Rell Speaks in Yuba.
YUBA CITY, Aug. 29.— Congressman
Theodore A. Bell opened the campaign
here this afternoon with a short speech.
In the evening he. went to Nicolaus, in
this county, and delivered an address.
KNIGHT IS INDORSED.
Humboldt Republicans Want Orator
to Go to Washington.
EUREKA, Aug. 29.— The Republican
County Convention met here "Saturday
and nominated George T. Rolley and
L. B. Branstetter for the Assembly.
George A. Knight was indorsed for
United States Senator. Knight will
open the campaign in this city on Wed
nesday night.
NEW PARTY IS BORN.
"Industrial Liberty" Is the Name Con
ferred by Its Founders.
CHICAGO. Aug. 29.— The convention
of the political party styled the Jeffer
son Democracy was held this afternoon
and to-night. About fifty delegates
were present, two-fifths of them com
ing from outside points. It was decided
to change the name to the Industrial
Liberty party and to refrain this year
from placing any candidates in the
field.
The principles of the party are de
clared to be that labor produces all
wealth: that all wealth belongs to those
who produce it; that laws diverting
wealth from its natural owners should
be repealed, and that there should be
increased liberty for wealth producers,
instead of the enactment of more laws.
CROWD HEARS SHAW.
Secretary Talks on Issues of Cam
paign to Seattle People.
SEATTLE, Wash., Aug. 29.—Secre
tary of the Treasury Leslie M. Shaw,
who arrived from Tacoma on the rev
enue cutter Grant this morning, ad
dressed an audience that completely
filled the Grand Opera-house to-night
on the issues of the campaign. He
spoke for nearly two hours, frequently
being interrupted by applause. Former
Governor John H. McGraw presided
and introduced the Secretary.
•IJTtD SL":>DEN"LY.— John McClung. for
rr.<v-ly a prru.jin« > r.t and highly rcs^ectPd mer
<-ft»nt bf Toronto. Canada, died In this rlty
on f ur.day. The deceased Ickvn a widow, two
<!«u?htcr» and c-pe son. John Howard.
REDDING. Auc 29. — Al Bristotv. a miner,
committed suicide at the Temple Hotel lam
night. He took laudanum. Melancholia, fol
lowing a debauch, was the cause of the deed.
Wants a Police Court.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 29.— The City Coun
cil to-day gave fic*t reading- to an ordi
nance establishing a city Police Court
as provided in the municipal charter
and thus abolishing the office of City
Justice of the Peace now filled by C.
W. Davison.
Art Not es.
Visit «'ur newly fitted art rooms. New
collections o.f the very latest things in
ri'tures and frames. Everything f<*r the
artist and lover of art. Sanborn. \ ail &
•<3'., .41 ;.Iarket street. •
MANY DOUBTFUL DISTRICTS.
Chairman Babcock Says Congressional
Campaign Is Close.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 29.— Chairman.
Joseph Babcock of the Republican Con
gressional Committee to-day expressed
the opinion that the present was the
closest Congressional campaign he had
known since 1898.
"What are the conditions which make
the Congressional campaign closer this
year than it has been since 189S?" Bab
cock was asked.
"They differ in localities," he re
sponded. "In some the conditions re
sult from the character of the national
campaign. In others the conditions are
almost entirely local. Then, in some
cases, the difficulty Is over the Kind of
men nominated for Congress. In Neb
raska, where there are six members of
the House to fight for, the Democrats
have abandoned the national cam
paign. They have fused with the Pop
ulists on the Legislative and Congres
sional tickets, but not on Presidential
electors. Nearly all Congressional dis
tricts in the State are close. We re
deemed four of those districts two
years ago, but they have been going
one way or the other by very narrow
margins— not by 200 or 300 or 400, but
in some instances by 12 or 15 or 20
votes. Now the Congressional com
mittee has to go in there without the
usual supporting national committee.
"We expect to have a good deal of
speaking. There are about a dozen of
the leading Republican members of the
House on whom we are relying. Chief
among them, of course, is Speaker Can
non, who is a splendid vote getter on
the stump. He Is going to start out
soon by special train and will be ac
companied on a part of his trip by
Representative Watson of Indiana and
on the rest of his trip by Representa
tive Adam Bede of Minnesota."*
ONE OF WORLD'S
RICHEST WOMEN
PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 29.— The will
of W. W. Weightman, head of the firm
«.'f Powers & Weightman, manufactur
ing chemists, who died a few days ago
at the age of i*l years, was probated
to-day, his entire estate, valued at
more than ?50,ooo.ooo, being left to his
daughter, Mrs. Anna M. Walker, widow
i l th<> late Congressman J. C. Walker
of W.lliamfcport. Pa.
By.-the terms of the will Mrs. Walker,
>vh><..is the only surviving child, be
comes sole proprietor of the extensive
chemical works, which makes her one
«>: the richest women in the world.
Mrs Walker will assume active man
;t^«:!i'.nt of ihe drupr business, besides
:<..jk*ig after the real estate left her
bj ht-r father, who wan one of the
':.-: ~r-^t holders of real estate in the
courjry. He owned much property in
Pennsylvania outside of Philadelphia,
and also in Ohio. Nebraska, Delaware,
W«. st Virginia, Missouri and Wiscon
sin.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PORTLAND. Or., Aug. 29.— H. W.
j Ohlandt. son of Nicholas Ohlandt, the
j well-known San Francisco capitalist,
i was married at the Hotel Portland to
! day to Miss Maude Goodwin, daughter
I of H. D. Helmken, a member of the
| Parliament of British Columbia. The
i ceremony was kept as secret as possi
1 Me, but was performed in due form by
; County Judge Webster.
It appears that the elder Ohlandt did
I not wish his son to marry Miss Good
jfcin, so a trip to Nome was planned by
f^he young man. He came as far as
i Portland toward Nome, but on the
! same train was Miss Goodwin. They
j have gone on to-night to Seattle as Mr.
and Mrs. Ohlandt.
Miss Goodwin is well known in San
I Francisco, having recently returned
! from Kurope, where she studied music.
The groom found two or three friends
: here who assisted him in his attempt
i to -keep the marriage a secret. Believ
i ing that the news would not reach San
j Francisco, he wrote to his parents to
i day teilin.c; them of the alliance. When
j he learned late to-night that the story
j cf the secret marriage had crept out he
wired the information instead.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WYOMING, 111., Aug. 29.— The
World's Fair $5000 balloon race from
St. Loui9 to the Washington monu
ment in Washington, D. C, came to an
abrupt end at this place. Professor
George C. Tomlinson of Syracuse, N.
Y., alighted here with his silken gas
bag, much to the entertainment of the
town and country folk. Professor Carl
Meyer of Frankfort, his contestant, had
come back to earth at St. Charles, Mo.,
twenty-two miles out of St. Loui%,
nearly a day earlier.
Tomlinson— or rather his balloon —
was sighted over Wyoming at 4 o'clock
yesterday afternoon. It was a mere
speck in the sky. moving slowly and to
the eastward. An hour later it drop
ped slowly and gracefully, alighting in
a pasture seven miles southeast of
here.
Curious persons set out Immediately
in pursuit of the airship and brought
Tomlinson and his Capitol-bound bal
loon to town. The aeronaut, having
accustomed himself to mundane ex
istence through the night, partook of
an earthly breakfast and then packed
the balloon in its wicker basket, pre
paratory to returning to St. Louis. He
had traveled nearly 300 miles on his
way to Washington, this distance rep
resenting a roundabout trip.
"I had only two days' rations and got
mighty hungry in twenty-four hours in
the sky," said Tomlinson this morning.
"So I dropped."
• iSi?NsiIf-|3
. BTATB. •¦ S* §f?S2|82 I
in a ,n p 3
" If jr If |? ;
Alabama 11 | ....'[..••]
Arkansas k 9 I 1
California *. 1<> j ••
Colorado I • • • • x
Connecticut ! '
Delaware •) **
Florida 5 i
Georgia 13 I
Idaho .--I 3
Illinois 27 j •¦•
Indiana l0
Iowa 13 i
Kansas 10 [...-I
Kentucky I 13 J J
Louisiana ! 9 1....
Maine 6 [••••
Maryland s
Massachusetts 16 ; ••••
Michigan 14 .... ....|....|....
Minnesota ill ; ••••
Mississippi i . . . • 10 ........ i
Missouri ! IS ).._.. !
Montana •¦••! 3 1....
Nebraska S I.---
Xevada f • • • • 3
New Hampshire 4 I ! 1...'.
New Jersey 1-
New York " a
North Carolina 12
North Dakota 4
Ohio 23
Oregon 4 .•«-- '••
Pennsylvania 3* •
Rhode Island 4
South Carolina 9
South Dakota 4
Tennessee 12 .... -.
Texas 18
rtah 3
Vermont ...: 4
Virginia 12 1....
¦Washington 6
"\Ve3t Virginia 7 I..;.
Wisconsin . 13 |.... ....
"Wyomins 3 i ¦
Totals 2W \lo0 i 22 | 7 1 St
Necessary to elect. 239.
Special Dispatch to The Ca!L
SAN RAFAEL. Aug. 29.— William B.
Bradbury, the millionaire, was arrested
this afternoon by Constable Louis
Hughes on a charge of assault pre
ferred by Mrs. Catherine Hanitin. He
was released on a $2500 bail bond fur
nished by S. H. Cheda, a local banker,
and John F. Allen of Corte Madera.
Mr. and Mrs. E. J. Hanifin, in re
sponse to an advertisement for a hus
band and wife, came to work for Brad
bury about three weeks ago. She was
to do the housework and her husband
the outside work at Bradbury's Corte
Madera home. In the complaint she
alleges that on the morning of the 20th,
while she was working in the kitchen
and her husband was working outside.
Bradbury attempted to assault her.
She alleges she ran outside immedi
ately and informed her husband, and
then went with him to San Rafael for
legal advice.
Bradbury is highly indignant over
the charge. He said to-day: "I never
knowingly insulted the woman, but
possibly I may have when I offered her
a dollar for performing her work well.
1 frequently give my servants sums of
money when they perform their duties
well."
Bradbury says he will fight the case
to a finish, as he is guiltless. The pre
liminary examination has been set for
10 a. in. Thursday in Justice Magee's
< ourt at San Rafael.
TAKES A WIFE
DESPITE FATHER
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, Aug. 23.— A rec^ntly
fcisned will, jewels and other personal
property of the late Mrs. James H. ilc
yicker. amounting to 52S0,y00, were
found to-day in a safe deposit vault in
the possession of the Illinois Trust and
Savings Bank, by Colonel Joseph H.
Strong, administrator of the estate.
After having been appointed admin
istrator by the Probate Court in the
morning. Colonel Strong opened the
box in the presence of Horace SIcVlclc
it, the stepson. Attorney L. D. Condee
;ind officials of the institution.
Horace McVicker raid to-r.ight that
the will would be opened -to-morrow.
From the recent date upon it he be
lieves it probable that persons who
have been recently very influential with
Mrs. McVicker may bo favored, to the
prejudice of the original heirs.
Thousands of dollars' worth of heir
looms are absent from the safe deposit
box. but are believed to be among the
personal effects now guarded by Dr. L.
C H. E. 2eig:ler at Pasadena. Cal.
Mrs. ilcVicker's stepson, Horace Mc-
Vicker, now declares he is being ig
nored by both Dr. Zeigler and the other
claimants, one of whom is in California
waging a bitter warfare against Dr.
Zeisler's claims. Not one word reached
Hi/^ate McVicker to-day as to the late
developments of the sensational case.
He paced the floor of the Auditorium
Hotel all day, impatiently, waiting to
hear from Mrs. Sarah B. Game, his
rousin. or fiarry Wyatt. the California
theatrical man, who is representing
MoVieker at Pasadena, where the body
ii now under the guard of Dr. Zeie-ler.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, Aug. 29.— The Inter Ocean
will 'print to-morrow the following
table, giving the probable trend of the
electoral vote:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, Aug. 29.— The first
tangible clew of the whereabouts of F.
W. Montague and Dan Kelly, the des
perate convicts who escaped from San
Quentin last Friday, was obtained to
day, when Richard McCurdy of Bolinas
reported to Sheriff Taylor that he had
spoken to the escaped men at Bolinas.
McCurdy drives the stage which plies
between San Rafael and Bolinas. Yes
terday forenoon two strangers appeared
in town .and asked McCurdy the near
est way to reach the cars for San Fran
cisco. He directed them, and after
strolling around town the men took
their departure. McCurdy thought
nothing more of the Incident until Vic
tor Collwell, a resident of the town, re
marked to him that he thought the
strangers were the- San Quentin es
capes.
Later in the day Dave McCurdy re
turned to Bolinas from San Rafael and
informed his brother that he had seen
two suspicious characters walking? to
ward Ross station and when they saw
him they stepped into the brush.
Richard McCurdy when shown the
photographs of the men at San Rafael
to-day positively identified them. The
supposition is that the men took the D
o'clock train at Ross station last night
for San Francisco.
BALLOON RACE
ENDS ABRUPTLY
Men Are Believed to Have
Taken Train for San Fran
cisco From Ross Station
Must Capture Nearly All of
the Doubtful States to
Overcome Mr. Roosevelt
Stepson, Believes Relatives
Have/Been Cut Oft' and
Estate Left to Outsiders
Says He Never Insulted Wo
man and Denies the Alle
gations 3Iade in Complaint
NEEDS EIGHTY , MORE
SHERIFF IS INFORMED
CAPITALIST INDIGNANT
SENSATION IS EXPECTED
Prior to the marriage of her brother,
Alexander X. McVicker, it was the
privilege of Mrs. John Bulger to go
to his grocery, 50 Chesley street, and
there help herself to as much kerosene
as she might happen to need for the
artificial illumination of her home, 324
Harriet street. Such a thing as pay
ing for the coal oil never occurred to
her,,r.or did he ever think of such a
thing as demanding payment for it.
There was tacit understanding that the
Bulger home was to be provided with
petroleum at Mr. McVicker's expense.
After the grocer took unto himself a
wife and installed her in the store Mrs.
Bulger continued to tap the kerosene
barrel until Mrs. McVicker coldly in
formed her that the liquid thus ob
tained must be paid for at the pre
vailing retail rate. When Mrs. Bulger
recovered from her indignant surprise
she appealed tocher brother, but that
gentleman adroitly sidestepped the is
sue. Then Mrs. Bulger went home and
told her husband that if he had one
remaining spark of manhood he would
exhibit it by disciplining Mrs. Mc-
Vicker. Mr. Bulger went to the gro
cery and asked Mrs. McVicker if she
realized that by cutting off from his
household its free light she was shat
tering a beautiful illustration of broth
erly love, to say nothing or the icpno
clasitt committed by abolishing a cus
tom that had become time-honored.
Mrs. McVicker's reply, according to
the testimony of Mr. Bulger yesterday
before Police Judge Cabaniss, was a
heavy beer glass hurled at him with
aim of such accuracy that it struck his
right side, inflicting a severe pain. Ere
he could retaliate with violence his
wife butted ia and dealt Mrs. Mc-
Vicker several right and left hooks on
the face, discoloring the lady's eyes.
But it was Mr. Bulger instead of his
wife whom Mrs. McVicker charged
with battery.
The Judge heard all the testimony
and then informed Mrs. McVicker, a
sharp featured little woman, that it
was her husband's sister and not his
brother-in-law that she should have
filed complaint against. To which Mrs.
Bulger, large-frai-.ed and muscular,
quickly responded by declaring that
she did not attack Mrs. McVicker until
that lady had landed a hard right upon
her jaw. What would the court have
her do — tamely turn the other cheek to
a person who had not only shut off
her supply of coal oil, but had severed
a friendship between brother and sis
ter that had existed since their child
hood?
"That's not the question at all, Mrs.
Bulger," said his Honor. "What we
are wrestling with is the guilt or in
nocence of your husband as he is
charged in this complaint. I am in
clined to consider him innocent and
pursuant to that inclination will con
tinue the case for thirty days. In the
meantime you might practice discretion
by procuring your coal oil at some
other grocery, even if you have to
pay for it."
The Rev. Father P. J. Grey, former
pastor of St. Patrick's Church, ap
peared in Judge Conlan's court as a
witness for the prosecution in the case
of Dr. Thomas F. Brennan, accused of
stealing $37,000 from the octogenarian
priest. Very feeble did the aged priest
appear as he sat upon the witness
stand and answered the questions put
to him by the attorneys. The apparent
object of the defense was to prove his
memory defective and his testimony
incompetent, but on all the important
points of the accusation he seemed to
have clear recollection. His examina
tion consumed several hours and at its
conclusion he was taken from the
courtroom by a medical attendant from
St. Joseph's Hospital, who had stood
close to him constantly and watched
him with solicitous care throughout the
ordeal. The hearing will be resumed
to-morrow morning.
Harry Walton, confidence man. will
nrrt be permitted to ply his vocation
while the Knights Templar have the
town. About a year ago he was or
dered to depart the city and never re
turn, but he came back with apparent
intention to operate during the coming
conclave and was so indiscreet as to
allow himself to' be seen by one of the
detectives who are under special in
struction to look out for such charac
ters as he and run them in. Judge
Fritz pronounced him guilty of va
grancy and will sentence him this
morning.
Mrs. Julia Duffy, accused of disturb
ing the peace of her daughter-in-law,
Mrs. Annie Duffy, was sentenced to
thirty days' Imprisonment by Judge
Cabaniss, despite a fervent renewal of
her plea that she had abandoned the
"Horses and Carts" and cast her po
litical lot with the McNabbites. Mrs.
Terrier and two other matrons testi
fied that the defendant's character was
not as dark as her alleged conduct
might indicate or her daughter-in-law
had depicted it, but the unalterable
fa<:t .remained that she repeated the
very offense which the court had
warned her against a few days prior
to her rearrest. So for thirty days at
least there is likely to be peace in the
Duffy home, on Guy place.
Elsie Barker made her third ap
pearance within as many weeks before
Judge Conlan on the charge of drunk
enness and it was as much in sorrow
as in anger that his Honor gave her
the limit — six months' imprisonment.
She is a young and rather good look
ing woman, who left her parents'
home at Redding to seek employment
in the city and the companions she
took up with led her astray. At least
that was the story she told the Judge
on her first and second appearances
before him, and each time he believed
it and dismissed her on her promise
to return to Redding immediately.
The Salvation Army tried to restore
her to the stranght path, but she
spurned their reformatory efforts and
was drunk when a policeman arrested
her last Saturday night on Fifth street.
James M. Gallagher, who was among
the striking hackmen, told Judge Fritz
that as soon as he obtains work he
will provide for his minor child. Now
that the strike is over, he added, he
expects to be employed within a very
few days, and as soon as he gets con
trol of a hack he will swear off drink
ing and turn his weekly wages over to
the court, so that they may be divided
justly among those dependent upon
them for maintenance. Then he was
dismissed.
• • •
Harry Morrison mounted Frank
Sylvester's bootblack stand at Fifth
and Mission streets last Saturday
afternoon and indulged in the luxury
of a "shine." When his attention was
called to the fact, that his shoestrings
were defective he cheerily instructed
Mr. Sylvester to go ahead and sup
plant them with new ones, but when
the instruction was obeyed he declined
to pay 5 cents for the substitutes,
opining that the 10 cents which he
paid for the shine was intended to de
fray all incidentals.
"Why," he argued, "you might with
equal unreason charge me 5 cents for
rolling UD\my trousers legs or brush
ing my hat. - The shoestrings I con
sider an extra thrown in for courtesy's
sake. To charge anything for them
I consider attempted extortion."
According to the testimony heard by
Judge Conlan, before whom Mr. Mor
rison and Mr. Sylvester were charged
with having disturbed the peace by
lighting, the bootblack attempted to
recover the new strings he had placed
in Mr. Morrison's shoes and was
kicked on the head by that gentleman.
Mr. Sylvester retaliated by plucking a
footrest from its socket and smiting
Mr. Morrison's head, and Mr. Mor
rison was endeavoring to equip himself
with a similar weapon when Patrol
man J. W. Doyle happily arrived and
r.rrested both combatants. They will
be sentenced to-day.
After consuming the contents of a
tall and portly steam beer glass in a
saloon at Fourth and Townsend streets,
Edward Swanson fancied the vessel a3
a souvenir and attempted to take it
away without the bartender's permis
sion. In the ensuing conflict he lost
possession of the glass and received
several hard punches from a trained
fist, so Judge Conlan gave him only
ten days for disturbing the peace.
Joseph Sullivan, who was arrested
on the Barbary Coast while he was
masquerading as a man-o'-war Jackie,
reappeared before Judge Cabaniss yes
terday in civilian garb and reiterated
his former Dlea that he had donned
the naval uniform for a bal masque
given by "the Easy Dues Club" last
Friday evening.
"And if the press cares to remedy
an' error," he added, "it might say that
the club's headquarters is at 333 Noe
street."
After he had explained that "the
Easy Dues" is an outgrowth of the
once famous "Booze Club," Mr. Sul
livan was dismissed from custody.
Fred Bert, whose larcenous specialty
was the pilfering of artisans' tools
from buildings in course of construc
tion, has started to r.erve six months'
imprisonment for allowing himself to
bo caught in the act of stealing a saw
belonging to Charles Gallagher, car
penter. Judge Conlan imposed the
sentence.
Addison and Harvey Case, brothers,
roughly treated a boy named Vene
zuela, who tried to serve a court sum
mons addressed to them, and Judge
Fritz will talk to them this morning.
Julia J. Udell, charged with drunk
enness, smiled benignly upon Judge
Conlan. leaned her right elbow upon
the corner of his desk, where it had
often rested before, and bade him
good morning. He returned the saluta
tion .and asked if she thought thirty
days would be too much.
"It's up to you." replied Julia.
"You know me, and I know that you'll
do the right thing."
"Whatever's right, eh?" said hi3
Honor.
Julia nodded pleasantly.
"Then let's say thirty — thirty It is."
"Thanks: take good care of your
self," chirruped Julia as she nimbly
tripped back to the bench.
Frank Spayles. whose alcoholic pen
chant is the chasing and terrifying of
small children, was given eighty days
by Judge Conlan for having pursued,
overtaken and beaten a little boy who
gave no provocation whatever for the
assault.
Democratic Nominee for the
Presidency Is Certain of
Only 159 Electoral Votes
Administrator Takes Charge
of the Document and It
Will Be Opened To-Day
Millionaire's Housekeeper
Causes His Arrest at San
Uafael on Serious Charge
Residents of Bolinas Say
Escaped Prisoners Passed
Through the Little Town
Mrs. Alexander N. jYkVicker Dscides to Abolish a Practice
Established by Her Husband Before He' Married Her,
With Result That She Is Assaulted and Files Complaint
FIGURES SHOW
PARKER'S FATE
MORE TROUBLE
FOR BRADBURY
MRS. McWICKER'S
WILL IS FOUND
TWO PERSONS
SEE CONVICTS
STOPS SISTER-IN-LAW'S
SUPPLY OF KEROSENE
THE 'SAN FRANCISCO GALL, TUESDAY. AUGUST 30, 1904.
An Excellent Opportunity.
For visitors to the World's Fair to see the
East. Reduced rates to New, York and other
Eastern cities are now In effect via the Penn
sylvania lines through either Chicago or St.
Loui3. Tickets to New York and Philadelphia
are pood via Washington, allowing ten days
at the national capital. Stopovers are also
allowed' at Baltimore and Philadelphia. For
particulars ask E. M. Ponieroy. P. C. A., 621
Market street. San Francisco. *
Start AYork on Buttc Canal.
5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I : z — i Positively cured by
h DTC DC these ittle Pills »
wM l\ I L i\O Tkey e^° "Here Dls-
iznaci tres3 tram Dyspepsia, la-
•^gSP ITTLE digestion and Too Hearty
gS| I \J BJ 1 |J Eattg. A perfect rem-
K3 « f Ln eCy lor Dizziness. Nausea,
iH PILLSa Diwsiae33. Bad Taste
j|jg[ ggfl In tlie Month. Coated
fjPgjjggggjjlH Tongue. Pain In the Side.
wmnuim.mBH J TORPID LIVER. Tliej
regulate tfce Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
SMALL PILL SMALL DOSE. SMALL PRICE.
; CARTERS! CURE SICK headachb -
S3iTTiE Genuine Must Bear
J g IVER Fa>Simile Signature
| Spills. j^ !^ —
AT CUT PRICES!
Are you a Pitts customer? . If you
are not. I want to tell you that it will
pay you to become one. I can do your
Kodak Developing and Printing:
cheaper and more satisfactorily than
you can. Send me a trial order im- ;
mediately.
DEVELOPING:
Roll of 6 10c | Roll of 12 150
PRINTING:
Solio finish 3c to 5o
Velox finish 3c to 6c
DATLIQET LOAniNG FIX.MS — In
all popular sizes at moderate prices.
DISCO CAMERAS — Ranging from
J?o.OO up. Has all the good quali-
ties of other cameras.
CYKO PHOTO PAPES — One of the
best papers on the market. Prints
by artificial light.
Mail orders promptly filled.
THAT MAN PITTS,
F. W. PITTS. The Stationer, !
1008 MAEZST STBEST. Opp. Tlftfc.
: _ SAN FRANCISCO. -ti
h visit DR. JORDAN'S great 5
\ MUSEUM OF MHATOMY*
a ££} ica ui£zx? s?. in. t-\*?x xr.ea. a
\ fef Tbf I-»rf e« Aiuicsiu! Mt«jm ia ibe \
0 aCCTbwt 'World. U ejki.;v-t or iny emunmd A
ScsJSrl di<[»: ps«!ti«f-l>rar*rtny thf oldest Y
O <§Q| 1 '" 00 li: Coisi EsL^ycirv ©
0 /ifgfS DX J°£°AN-D!SEASE3 OF UEN A
0 a iS\^E "TrMtsj-m p?r.oni'.ir or by lertef. A n
\ 8 7 MB fnitia* CW.in erer/case tnd«i-t»ie». \
n P '/ lift w *«» far c *>'*- rnn.o«oF«T mt X
V < If [I 1 * BIIIBMOK, M*tUU> FKta. ( A V
A W «lr n ' e * >>1 * t»ok far m»o) \
V DaJonDAS ACO..10S1 UartctSt.S. P. V
£, -^~1
ALTERATION PRICES
Prevail on all floors. We want to get rid of an accumula-
tion of odd fiots and remnants, hence these Hfcsrafl reductions.
Note the conspicuous cuts in the Drapery Department.
Portieres
ORIENTAL DESIGN (per pair) . . . fS.OO, now $5.00; $10.00, now $7.00
; DOUBLE-FACED ARMURES (perpair)*5-00, now $3.50; 3 8.00, now $6.00
Furniture Coverings
SILK DAMASK (per yard) *2.50, now $1.50; $2.50, now $1.75
n.75, now $2.50; $5.00, now $3.00
TAPESTRY (per yard) $1-50, now $1.00; ?2.5O, now $1.65
Lace Curtains
MARIE ANTOINETTES (per pair) . $ 5.00, now $ 4.00; $ 8.00, now $ 6.00
$12.00, now $ 8.00; $13.00, now $ 8.70
$J5.00,nD\v $10.00; $16.00, now $!0.65
$20.00, now $13.35; $21.00, now $14.00
IRISH POINTS (per pair) .....$ 5.00, now $ 4.00; $ 6.50, now $ 4.50
300 Sofa Pillows
Covered with Art Burlaps 50Ceach
Covered with Silk Damask, Tapestry and Velours • $1.50 uo
W. & J. SLOAN E & CO.
FURNITURE-CARPETS • RUGS • DRAPERIES*
114-12.2 POST ST./S.F.
AD V ER*nSEMEXTS.
M BEST AFLOAT OB ASHORE
BEARS^ICHT ]Ul£i
AMMB£y|J§1|
I WHISKY I
iSHFRW00P£ SHERWOOt> 1
g <?n£K»* uv SAN FBANCtSO ' jjj
f
was the first maker
of sticks of soap for
shaving. Sticks in 3
sizes; shaving cakes
in 3 sizes.
Pears' Soap established ovur too yearsk
\ . MERCHANT TAILORS.
;! 622 Market Street.
< Up Stairs. Opp. Palace Ho£eL
$ SAN FRANCISCO. \
Novelties m Imported Wecr.^
OCE.VX TRAVEL.
S Steamers leave Broadway
whtrm (r'.ers D and ID.
San Francisco:
For Ketchikan. 'Wran*»!,
Juneau. Iiaines. Sk.igw.iy.
etc., Alaska — It a. m., Aug.
IS. SI. 'JS. .Sfj.t. S Chang*
to titfa company'* steamer*
at Seattle.
For Victoria, Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle. Tacrnna. Everett.
Bellingham— 11 a. m.. Aug. ML 'X. 23. Sept. 'J.
Change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska an«i C N. Ry. : at Seattle rr
Tacoma to X. F. Ry-; at Vancouver to C. P.
Ry
I For Eureka (HuinboI.Jt Uay> — Pomona. 1:33
p. m.. Auk. iO. 2t>. tf=pt. 1; Corona, 1:30 p. m..
Ausr. Ti, 29, .Srrt. 4.
For L03 Angele* (via Port 'Los Ad;<!m and
Redondo). San Piezo ami Santa Barbara—
£anta Rosa. Sundays. !> a. m.
State of California. Thursdays, 0 a. m.
Fcr I*os Angeles (via San Pedro an<l Kast
Pan Pedro). Santa Barbara. S'snta Cruz. Mon-
terey. San Slm*>on. CmjXieom, Purt llarford (Saa
Luis 'OMspo). Ventura ar.rl Hueceme.
Bonita. » a. rn.. Aug. 1!>, 27. S<-pt. 4.
Coos Bay. 0 a. m., Aujj. SI. 31. Sept. S.
For Knrersada. Masdalena Bay. S»n Jose del
Cabo, Ma^atlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Tto-
¦ Ea>1a Guayma* iMcx.V 10 a. m.. Tth each mo.
For further Information obtain foider. R'Rht
Is reserved to chang" steamer or sailin? dates.
TICKET OITICES— 4 New Monrerom-
i fry st. (Palace HoteU. 10 Markrt st.. and Broad.
' way whirves. Freight Oiflcs, 10 Market st.
C D. DUN ANN. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market St.. Sin Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 2<> Sutter St.. win
call for and check bapsrajre from hotels anil
residences. Telephone Exchange 312.
GREAT REDUCTION IN RATES
First class. $10; second clasa. $30 and up-
ward, according to the line, steamer and ac-
commodation.
AKTEKICArT LINE.
Plymouth — Cherbourg- — Southampton.
From New York, Saturday*. 9:SO a. m.
Philadelphia-.. Sept. 10 New York S*pt. 2*
Germanic Sept. 17 St. Paul ...Oct, 1
ATX.AHTXC TRANSPORT X.I2TC.
Hew Tcrk — I.oadcn 21rect.
Minneat>*s.Sept.lO,6 amLMinnet'ka.Sept.24.3 am
Mesaba,. Sept. 17. 9 am.Mlnneh'a..Oct. 1, 9 am
DOMIKION X.X2TB.
Montreal — Liverpool — Short sea passage.
Southwark Sept. 10'Pominton Sept. 24
Kensington Sept. 171 Vancouver Oct. 1
HOIiLAITD-AMXRICA LINE.
New T-wln-Screw Steamers of 12.5CO Ton*.
jTew York — Rotterdam. VI* Boulogne.
Sailing Tuesdavs at 10 a. m.
Ryndam Sept. fJStatendam Sept. 27
Noordam Sept. 2« Potsdam Oct. 4
BED STAE LIITX.
New York — Antwerp — London — Paxi*.
Calling at Dover for London and Parla.
From New York Saturdays, at 10:30 a. m.
Zeeland Pept. lPjVaderland Sept 24
Finland Sept. 17;Kroonland Oct. 1
SPECIAL NOTICE — The large new twin
*crew steamships of the Red Star Una call at
Dover England, both east and west bound.
WHITE STAB X.I3TS.
Haw York — Qaeenstown — Liverpool.
Salltrs: 'Wednesdays.
Baltio S«pt. 7, 3 prr» Oceanic. Sept. 21. 3 pnt
MaJe«tlc.Sept. 14.10 arrf Arabic. Sept. 23. 4:30 pn
Cedric.Sept. 16 10 amiTeutonlc.Sept.23. 10 asa
STEW SERVICE FSOM BOSTON.
Pact Twin-Screw Steamers
Or 11.40O to 15.0CO tons.
Boston — Queenstown — UverpooL
Republ ic (new) • • • • • • • • Sept ember J.
Cymric Sept. 15. Oct. 13. Not. IT
Cretic September 23
SEW YORK AND B.OSTON DIRECT.
To the Mediterranean, "Via Azores.
Gibraltar. Kaples, Genoa. ,
rsoM wirw tors.
REPUBLIC... Oct. 20. Dec. 1. Jan. 14 FeK 25
CRETIC Nov. S. Dec. 12. Feb. 4. March IS
PROM BOSTON.
ROMANIC... Sept. 17. Oct. 20. Dec. 10. Jan. 2»
CANOPIC Oct. S. Nov. 19, Jan. 7. Feb. IS
' C i> TVYLOR. Passencer A«ent Paclflo Coaat.
" 21 Post St.. San Francisco.
AaaorIAk* IT PA *"W*ii. SAM*, "ft
<s s SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday. Sept. 8. 2 p. m.
S S MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Sept. 14. 11 a. m.
e's ALAMEDA. for Honolulu, Sept. It. 11 a.m,
I D SPRECIELS k BE01 CO. , Ajli.TlCftt 0SC3 643 Br-
iii Fnigiu OSes 323 Hai&t St., Pig 7, Pacfl: si
C0KPAB5IB GMEait.* TaASSATHSTIJJl.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVSE-PARI3. mm
Sailing every Thursday Instead ot <CVK2?i|
Eaturlay. at 10 •. m.. from Pter 42. *aMES»
*F?rrt clasVto Havre. $70 and »»P w * l $* v ***" l £
cla-s to Havre. $43 and upward. GENERA!,
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND CAN-
ADA? 32 Broadway (Hudson building. N.-
Y?r£ J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. _*«*£«££«
A cents 3 Montgomery avenue. San ffraaciaca.
TteSte »nl" bT all Railed Ticket Agenta.
To TJ. S. Karr "Jfard anfl VaUeJo.
Stmr. H. J. Corcoran— Leaves S. F.. foot ot
Cl»y «t- north end ferry bldg.— W«k days.
Ii-*O AM 3 and »S P. M.: Sundays. »:3O
AM 8 P* M. Leave* VaUeJo— Week daya.
fc*C0 A M . 12:20 and 3:J0 P. M.: Sundays. 3
p' M * Fare. 23c each way. Excursion rate*
tur-davs to VaUeJo. Glen Cove and Martlaea,
!ic round trip- RJPEE. ADEN. GOODAU.
CO. Pl:on« Main «41. Saturday except ad.
To IT. S. Wavy Yard and Vallejo. -
Rtmr*. General Frlsbi*. Monticello and Arrow.
a-iaTu m.. 12:CU. 3:13. «, »:30 p. m. <ex.Sua.>;
Bundayi 8:43 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leavt Valleja
7 Oa. ».. 12:20. 3:13. « p. m. (ex. Sun.): Sun-
d£.vs 7 a. m. 4:13 p. m. Pier 2. foot Mls-
•lon 'street: rfcone Mala 1503. HATCH BBO&NEW YORK, Aug. 29.— The na
tional convention of the United Irish
League of America will open to-mor
row in the Lexington Opera-house, to
continue for three days. It is expected
that more than 3000 delegates from all
parts of the country will be present.
John E. Redmond, the Irish Na
tionalist leader, and his wife, J. C.
Donnellan, Patrick O'Brien and Con
nor O'Kelly, who came from Ireland
in order to attend the convention, will
take a prominent part in the proceed
ings.
The object of the convention is to
arouse sentiment for the Nationalist
cause among the Irish-Americans and
to raise a fund of $50,000. with which
to carry on the movement which the
league hopes will result in the abso
lute independence of Ireland. >
Sccoml race, six and a half furlongs. seU
ir>K — Educate won, War Times second, Tonsil
third. Tlmf, 1 :2:J& .
Third race, on* mMr, selling — July Gyp won,
Drcoy second. Gaucho third. Time, 1 :4«V4-
Fourth race, five and a halt furlongs, bcII
lng^Montoya won, Phil Crlmmins second,
Murat third. Time, l:ll«,i.
Fifth rare, nix furlongs — Mlmo won. Max
tres» tecond. Titus third. Time. 1:16%.
Sixth race, one mile and fifty yards, sell
ing—Duke of Kfchelleu won, Claudlator sec
ond. Goldfinder third. Time, 1:49%.
Results at Irvington.
PORTLAND, Ore., Aug. 29.— The re
sults of to-day's races at Irvington fol
low:
First race, five and a half furlongs — Lady
Myrtle won. Hlmrock second. Dr. Long third.
Tim*-. 1:12.
PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 2 9. — The
proposed six rounds between James
J. Corbett and Philadelphia Jack
O'Brien in this city September 7 has
been called off by the management of
the Tuxedo Athletic Club, before
which organization the men were to
have met. The reason given is that
Mayor Weaver had informed the pro
moters that he would not permit the
contest to take place.
Mayor of Philadelphia Informs the
Tuxedo Club That He Would
Refuse a Permit.
CORBETT-O'IJRIEN CONTEST
CALLED OFF BY' MANAGERS
University of California freshmen,
October 15; Polytechnic High School,
September 14; Santa Clara College,
September 22; Oakland High School,
September 28; Belmont and Palo Alto
High School, date undecided.
It is as yet too early to tell how
strong a freshman team the class of
1908 will get together. There will bo
a big rally in Encina Hall to-morrov.'
night, when football men will si«n t «p
for Immediate training.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Aug.
29. — Head Coach Lanagan has pre
pared a schedule of footbal 1 -james
for this year's freshman team. It ia
as follows:
Schedule of Games Is Arranged for
Young Football Enthusiasts of
Stanford University.
FRESHMEN WILL BE KEPT
BUSY BY COACH LANAGAN
SELECTIONS AT HARLEM.
By the Chlcaeo Inter Ocean.
First race — Maffdc Wylde, Janeta,
Swedish Lady.
Second race— Dragoon. Robin Hood,
R. F. Williams.
Third race— Huzzah, Brancas, Miss
Crawford.
Fourth race— Princess Tulane, Care
less. Fonsoluca.
Fifth race — Ram's Horn, Lady Sa
voy, Subtle.
Sixth race — Ben Chance, Frank Me,
Louisville.
Seventh race — Ethel Wheat, Docile,
Carat.
Condition of the track — Fast.
By the New York Morning Telegraph.
First race— Ishlana, Girdle, Prince
let.
Second race^ — Good and Plenty,
Black Death, Dromedary.
Third race — St. Bcllane, Bank,
Cairngorm.
Fourth niee^ — Beldame, Go Between,
Aurtimaster.
Fifth race — Delhi, Rosetint, Hurst
bourne.
Sixth race — Leader, De Reszke,
Flammula.
Condition of the track — Fast. ,
SHEEPSHEAD BAY SELECTIONS.
NEW YORK, Aug. 29. — An endur
ance swimming match from the
Brooklyn bridge to Coney Island, un
der the supervision of the United
States volunteer life-saving corps, has
resulted In victory for a man with one
leg. The winner was Charles Seig
fried of Bay Ridge, who negotiated
the distance in 5 hours and 48 min
utes.
Two young women were close be
hind him at the finish. One of them
fainted after they had led nearly the
entire distance. Otherwise they
probably would have won. Both have
participated in numerous matches
and showed remarkable skill. Nearly
all the men contestants gave up long
before Coney Island was sighted be
cause • of the cold water and swift
tidal currents. Several were delirious
when taken from the water and one
or two had to be removed to the hos
pital.
In Match at New York Cripple Scores
Victory After 5 Hours 48 Min
utes in Icy Water.
ONE-LEGGED MAN WINS
ENDURANCE SWIMMING RACE
Barney Oldfield Recovering.
ST. LOUIS. Aug. 29. — Barney Old
field, who was Injured yesterday in an
accident which demolished his ma
chine and resulted in the death of two
men, is at the Missouri Baptist Sani
tarium recovering from severe cuts
and bruises. It is expected that he
will be out again in a few days.
First race — Tim Hurst, Milton
Young, Scotch Dance.
Second race — Bugle Horn, Freeslas,
Fiver.
Third race — Tally II, Miss Manners,
Eleanor Howard.
Fourth race — Fruit, Arlena, Wood
lands.
Fifth race — Jerry Hunt, Lady
Strathmore, Blissful.
Sixth race — Ryevale, King's Court,
Scalner.
Condition of the track — Fast.
ST. LOUIS SELECTIONS.
Seventh race, one and a sixteenth miles,
selling — Docile 94, Dungannon 95, Maud Muller
l)«. Blue Mint 101, Ethel Wheat 102, D. L.
Moore 107, Carat 10S. Jim Hale 109.
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs, purse —
El Otros 101. Dundall 101. Subtle 100, Lady
Savoy 112, Ram's Horn 112.
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles, selling
—Charlie Miller 92, Fading Light 06. Great
Eastern W. Louisville 100, Ben Chance 104.
Rabunta 105. Benson Caldwell 105, Frank Mo
100.
Fourth race, one mile — Careless 08, Peter
Paul OS. Klelnwood 101. Mohican 101, Princess
Tulane 107. Don't A»k Me 109, Fossil 109, Hans
Whgntr 111, Fonsoluca 111, Captain Arnold
112.
CHICAGO, Aug. 29.— To-morrow's entries:
First race. fiv«- furlongs — Dixie Andrews 101,
Tarcoola Belle 101, Siss Lee 101, Tyrolian 101,
Janata 106. Pirabella. ltKi. Mary Edna 106.
Gertie Allen 106, Effle M 106, Presentiment 110,
Swedish Lady no, Ralninz Leaves 110, Bass
Wood 110. Madge Wylde 110.
Second race, six and a half furlongs — My
Jane 117. Chockayotte 119, Alice Commoner 122,
R. F. Williams 122. Dragoon 124, Dutiful 12.\
Japan 127, Robin Hood 12S. Sir Hugh 131, Billy
Bashaw 131, Handl«y Cross 131, Barkelmore
131, Fleuron 133. Mansard 143.
Third race, one and an eighth miles, handi
cap — Bombardier 92, Peter Paul 103, Brancas
103, Huzzah 105. Mies Crawford 105. Sioux
Chief 90, Leila 06, Bragg 104. Dr. Stephens 95,
Fossil 08 (Miss Crawford and Sioux Chief,
Darden entry.)
HARLEM ENTRIES.
Wet Oakland Club Card.
OAKLAND. Aug. 29. — An excellent
raM has b'-en arranged for the reg
ular monthly amateur boxing show of
the West Oakland Athletic Club,
which will take place to-morrow even
irur&at the club gymnasium. The
main event will be a four-round kg
between Oeorge Brown and Walter
Stanton. Both men are in fine Bhape
r:nd the bout Rhould be a good one.
ffhe other events will be: Johnnie
Crowe vs. Young Ganley. "Kid" Jo
seph vs. "Kid" McCoy; Joe Prlchard
vs. Frank Thomas, and George Sul
livan vp. Torn Sloan.
Statistics Hhow that in Virginia rail
road employes average 512 &0 a year
K*:s than they were being paid five
years ago.
Fifth race, one mile, handicap — Delhi 124,
Hurstbourne 119. First Mason 112, RoFetint
104. Grey Friar 102. Dekaber 100, Stamping
Grnund 07. Marmee 00, Illyria (57.
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles, on
the turf, selling — De Reszkp 10S. Grey Friar
108. Andy Williams 106, Leader 101, Gold
Dome 100. Flammula 99. Dick Bernard 98.
NEW YORK. Aug. 29.— To-morrow's entries:
First race. seven furlongs. Felling — Jan*
Hf-lly 110. Witchcraft 1«>. Schoolmaster 108,
Prlncelrt 105. Kingralne 10'<, Foxy Kane ion.
Schoharle 10-1, Stevedore 100, Ori^kany 100,
King Pepper IOO, Sir Ship 100, Charter 100,
Bolina 98. The Rogue 98. Girdle OS, Letola 97,
Ishlana 91, Dr. Loder SI.
Second race. st»eplechape, short course —
Black Death 156. Dromedary 146. Woden 146.
Gcod and Plenty 142 Ricrhtful 135, Sir Voor
hiex 136, Georgia Pine 135.
Third race. eix furlongs, the Partridge
st&keF. on the turf — Pt. B»Uane 126, Waterside
122 Buttling 117. Glen Echo 112, Cairngorm
112. Bank 112.
Fourth race, one and an eighth miles, the
Dolphin stakes — Beldame 126. Ormonde's Right
114. Go Between 111. Ed Tierney 105. Auru
marter 103.
ENTRIES AT SHEEPSHEAD.
Fifth race, one mile and seventy yards —
Pinochle 109. Blenr.enworth 109. Jerry Hunt
106 Lady Strathmore 104. Blissful 102. John
Doyle 100. Lyrist 85.
Sixth race, one mile and twenty yards, sell
ing — Ladas 119. King's Court 116, Ivernia 114.
Ryevale 108 Scalar IW. Regina D 106. Hub
bard 103, Triple Silver 101, Amberita 101.
Misanthrope 101.
First race, six furlong?, selling — Felix Mozzes
115, Berry Hughes 115, Jack Little 112. Ph'ora
112. Trogon 112. Tristan Shandy 112. Scotch
Dance 110. Major Carpenter 107. Gay American
107, Bomblno 107 Captain Brolaskl 85, Tim
Hurst S3, Milton Young S3. Loyal Street 80.
Second race, one mile and twenty yards,
selling — St. Slmonlan 121, Hucena 114. Burke
Cochran 114. Dolinda 108. Prince of Pilsen 106.
Bugle Horn 103. Sam Stevens 103. Freesias 101.
Third race, six arid a half furlongs, selling —
First Chip 115 Maverick 112. Sid Silver 112.
Misa Manners 110, Tom Crabb 109, Whiskers
109 Caterpillar 107, Buccleuth 107, Eleanor
Howard 107 Orpheum 107, Howling Dervish
104. Tally H 104. Onanetta 102, Potter 101.
Fourth race six furlongs, purse — Woodlands
106. Red Leaf 103, Trixie White 97, Fruit 07,
Arlena 97.
ST. LOUIS. Aug. 29. — To-morrow's entries:
ENTRIES AT ST. LOUIS.
National League — > American League —
Clubs. W. L. Pct.i Clubs. W. L. Pet. |
New York. ..>»1 32 .717Bo»ton 67 43 .609
Chicago . 68 44 .607 New York ..65 43 .6irJ J
Cincinnati ..VT 47 .388 Philadelphia.. 61 44 .581 •
Ftusburs; ..63 40 .5>6 Chicago 64 « .571 ,
St. Loui3 ...60 >> .517 CleveUnd ...61 46 .570 !
Boston 43 63 .406 Detroit 47 61 .435 |
Brooklyn ...38 74 .330 St. Louis ..42 64 .SX5
Philadelphia.. C2 82 .2Sli Washington .25 SC .231
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 20.— Washington east- J
ly outplayed St. Louis to-day, both at the baf |
and in the field. Hughes relieved Jacobsen .
in the seventh, after the visitors had se- j
cured two runs, and al!ow»d one hit there- j
aft6r - BCOn '' R. H. E.
Washington 7 10 1
St. Louis 2 8 1
Batteries— Jacobsen, Hughes and Kittredge;
Glade and Sugden.
NEW YORK. Aug. 2». — New Tork dropped
to second place to-day by losing to Cleveland.
Attendance, 4S00. Score:
R. H E- I
Cleveland 4 7 0
New York 2 10 3
Batteries — Berahard and Bemis; Powell and
Kleinow.
EOSTON. Aug. 20. — Dineen won the game
for the locals to-day, scoring FeiTis with the
only run of the day by a clean hit In the
ninth. Attendance 7200. Score:
R. H E.
Boston 1 * O
Detroit O 2 O|
Batteries — Dineen and Kriger; Killian and i
Drill.
CINCINNATI. Aug. 23 — Superior hitting by
the locals gave them the victory:
R. H E.
Cincinnati 4 8 1
Boston 3 7 1
Batteries — Walker and Schlel; Wilhelra and
Marshall. Umpires — Moran and Carpenter.
PHILADELPHIA. Aug. 29.— The locals to
day bunched four of their six hits in one ln
nins. scoring three runs and dtfeatixg Chi
cago. Attendance, S30O. Score:
R. H. E.
Chicago 1 5 1
Philadelphia 4 6 0
Batteries — Altrock and McFarland; Waddell
and Scbreck.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
CHICAGO. Aug. 20. — Two National Leagtw
season records were made tc-day. the time,
one hour and thirteen minutes, and the fact
that not one of the home team was left on
bases. Attendance 1000. Score:
R. H. E.
Chicago 2 4 1
Philadlephla 0 4 4
Batteries — Weinier and O'Neill; Sparks and
Dooln. Umpire — Kennedy.
PITTEBURG. Aug. 29.— Flttsburs had an
easy time of it. winning the first game until
two men were out in the ninth. Then Leever
was hit for five bases, scoring four runs. The
second game was fought hard throughout.
Attendance. 4200. Scores:
First game — R. H. E.
Pittsburg 11 15 1
Brooklyn ~ 7 4
Batteries — Leevrr and Phelps; Mitchell and
Ritter. Umpire — Emslie.
Second came — R. H. E.
Pittsburg 3 12 1
Brooklyn 2 7 O
Batteries — Case and Phelps: Scanlon and
Ritter. Umpire — Emslie.
ST. LOUIS. Aug. 29— New Tork won an
other victory from St. Louis, making a clean
eweep of the series. Ames pitched a brilliant
game. Attendance 2100, Score:
¦ R. H. E.
St. Louis 1 3 1
New York 2 S 1
Batteric!" — Nichols Hnd Ofady; Ames and
Warner. Umpires— Zimmer and Johnstone.
SEVENTH RACE— One mile and 100 yards;
three-year-olds and up; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »J Fin.
7 to f>— Alma Dufour, 103 (Hnry) 7 4 »£ 1 2Va
20 to 1— Niaxus, 08 (Aubuchon).. 2 5h 2 i-j
13 to 5— Apple. 96 (Nlcol). 4 7 3n
Time. 1 :4« 2-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, E. Corrlgan's b. f. by Artillery-Swan
hilda. Brand New t>5. Golden Mineral &'J. San
He mo 0'J, Sweet Tone 91, finished as named.
SIXTH RACE— SiK furlongs; all ages; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *; Fin.
13 to 5 — Bearcatcher. 109 (Helgsr) 2 111 3^
4 to 5 — Irene Lir.dsey. Ill (Abch) 3 3 % 2 2Vi
4 to 1 — Don Dorao, 04 (Nicol).. 4 4 15 3 n
Time, 1:12 2-5. Start fair. Won easily.
Winner, T. G. Ferguson's br. c. (3) by SC
Geonte-Sallie McAllister. Sad Sam 101,
Justjue La 02. Oriel W>, Lillian M S9. finished
as named.
FIFTH RACE — One mile; three-year-olds
end up; purse:
netting. Horse. Weight. Jo' key. St. \ Fio.
15 to 5— Dalvay, 106 (Heighten).. 6 2 lh
16 to 5 — The Lady. 105 (Her.ry) 1 6 2 1
11 to 2— Peter Paul. 93 (Auauchn) 4 12 3h
Time, 1 :40 2-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner, M. H. Tlchenor & Co. 'a ch. c. (3) by
The Commoner-Lenissa. Koncasta 101, Wil
liam Wright J)7, Emperor o: India 98, finished
as named.
SIXTH RACE — Ore and an eighth miles;
four- year-olds and up :
Betting. Horse Weight, Jockey. St. *» Fin.
o to 1— Pathos, 105 (Rice) 5 3 4 In
10 to 1— Mainspring. 10S (Austin) 4 6 7 2 1
2tol— Varro. 104 (Scully) 2 11 3 4
Time l:55>:i. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. P. J. Nolan's ch. h. (4) by Cayuffa-
Julla May Avoid 105. Murmur 95, Varna
Fonso So. Trinity Bell 07, Sir Rolla 102. fin
ished as named.
FIFTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles;
three-year-olds and uo:
Bettins. Horse Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
11 to 5 — Luster. £7 (Anderson)... 4 1 h 1 ns
13 to 5 — Pourquol Pas, 102 <Coclo) 3 2 5 2 h
6 to 1— Brooklyn. 1(3 (Austin) 5 6 4 3 10
Time, 1:4S. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. B. Schretber's ch. c. (3) by Balgowan-
Derfarsilla. Stins 100. Flora Wiiloughby yj,
Juba C5. Prince of Pllsen S7. Huckleberry Finn
02, Dawson &9, finished as named.
Victor by 7 to 2, the Home Team
Proves Its Snperiority at Bat
and in Field.
STANDING OF THE CLCBS.
WASHINGTON OUTPLAYS
ST. LOUIS AT CAPITAL
FOURTH RACE — Six furlongs; three-year
o!dg and up:
Betting. Hors* Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
4 to 1— Ed Ball. 103 (Foley) 3 34 1 n
5 to 5 — Commodore, 110 (Troxler) 1 2 2 2 2
17 to 1— Hap. Chappy. 84 (Howrd) 4 1 1^3 n
Time, l:13Vi- Start rood. Won driving-
Winner. W. Mulkey's ch. g. (4) by Verge
d'Or-Nlobe. Evenlnz Star 8S, Ice Water 10<S,
St. Wlnlfrlde 54, finished as named.
Time, 1:07%. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, T. P. Hayes' b. c. by Woolrthorpe-Edith
Belmont. Platt 99. Tada 103. Lady Mercury
96, finished as named.
THIRD RACE — Five and a half furlongs;
twc-year-olds:
Betting. Horse Weight, Jockey. St. «4 Fin.
4 to 1— Braden, 103 (Austin) 1 1 :i 1 IS
3 to 1 — The Cook. 107 (Troxler)... 2 3 3 21&
6t«l — Hernain. 96 (Anderson)... 4 2 1 3 3
SECOND RACE— Six and a half furlongs;
four- year-olds and uo:
Betting. Horse Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 2 — R- Q. Smith. Vri < Roach) 5 3 '1 1 r.a
5 to 1 — Crescertcn. 110 i Scully).. 4 2 3 " M
11 to 2— Lady Felix. 103 <Fo!ey>. « lh 3 2
Time, 1:21*5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. J. B. Fitzgerald &. Co.'s ch. g. (5>
by Traeborri-RoTnping Maid. D'Arcj- 107, Sec
ond Mate 110, GnadaJaquiver 102. Feby Blue
luO Dr. Riley 100. Lady Churchill ICO. Merry
Sport 102. Bright Flower 103. Mesto 102. John
Piwers 102. Blsuica 100, finished aa named.
without %a£tix.g a mcrr.ent began kick
::.o ar:d fallir.g on the pigskin. - It was
lh rilling, and more to when the "root
trk" gut to 'heir feet and gave the
"Osu Wow \\*o-.v:"
Tberts were ton-.e old faces in uniform
i.:*d lot* of new ones. Of the old guard,
bct-iies Captain Stroud, there were
"Grefck" Howard and E. Stern only.
"LitiJe" Mini wa.s there in uniform, but
he is only going to help coach. Heit
mu!!'-r, who ia exj^cted to help out on
tl."< Use this year, wasn't there, and
nr.ther were Tom Kisley nor Olie Sned
lg»3 nor "Jim" Force nor Reno De
tneritt. all m*n counted on to give a
hi-r.d this year.
Coach "Jimmy" Hopper was in the
. middle- of the doings with his towzled
tosrbead ar.d machine-like ways. Hop
. i-*-r hadn't time to even talk ghop to
bis newspaper friends eager for hi3
views. In a Jiffy he had the herd di
vi'j'd ir.to cunipa ar.d falling on the
ball as it was roiled this way and that.
This sort of practice he noon substitut
ed for running down the field in the
fdfe of a friendly enemy and getting
after a kicked ball. The whole thing
•..:.!>• lasted half an hour and then the
¦quad was sent back to the "gym."
Hopper doesn't believe in too much
training at first, as it has a tendency to
tend the men Ftale.
Hopper** methods of handling the
squad met with the approval of the
bleachem. It is taken for granted that
he is «oing to develop the fastest team
QiOUlble out of the material at the uni
verrity this year. In the face of Stan
ford's array of veterans a fast team is
Ihe only thing and Hopper knows this
too w«l. He has already begun to
check a tendency to the offside play
that turned out to he so disastrous to
Ia:-t y'-argS varsity team. The men that
got ahead of the bail this afternoon
v.h«»n they had no business to were
"called down" good and hard. And
that's what the bleachers like.
President Wheeler gave the bleachers
a good heart to heart talk during the
course' Of the afternixm. The founda
tion of Jt all. he said, lies in doing
things in a business-like way and re
maining subordinate to authority.
Th'-r* rr.u.'it be fnap. unison, force and
obedience. Thes^ ar* the elements that
make for success.
Tbxy ttU galiu;n.-<l down in a body from
the "cym." treat big fetloum with lots
ul haxrj Uae J-sstya a.nd khaki trou-
liea Strood, th« captain. l«d the
ciiViuea<i'.- with a fovtbali for baton.
'.....• raixed into the newly harrowed
ifccusd Uke .'nsky young steers and
lierkcley OSce Sen Francisco Call,
2141 Center Street. Aug. 2S.
Footbol! sot into its stnde on the
oa^j^us at the University of California
liiis iiltcmo*jn. It was the opening day
ui thi season tbat mean* s-j much of
work nr»d anxiety until the big inter
¦ 3esUte Ram* tops it ott in Soyem
ocr. ll '.vils a university fete day.
l*ic£ict.-nt Wheeler was there to intro
duce: :t proptriy ar.d the pretty girls on
the bleachers were there to give it
lor.e. It t>jok only the gladiators in
c&r.vi,s iir.d leatber en the field to
:.._,;• Lbe picture complete.
licsi'le* the pretty girl* the other Dic
iu:ct<;ae feature waa the football
. , . / ...ukir.s :ur the kicking ground.
2:20 pace purse $20€0. three in five heats —
Morning Star won three straight heats ia
2:06»». 2:10% and 2:07>t. Winnie Kir.? also
started.
To beat 2:03U. pacing world's record tor
rr.ares without pacemaker In front — Dariel
won. Time, 2:02%.
PROVIDENCE. R. I-, Aug. 23.— Four
thousand persons attended the open
ing of the Grand Circuit meeting in
Narragar.sett Park to-day. While all
of the events were decided in straight
heats most of them were exceedingly
interesting.
One world's record was smashed— the
pacing record for mares without a
pacemaker in front. Dariel. the hand
some little mare owned by C. H.
Chapin of Rochester, N. Y., lowered
her own record of 2:03U by half a sec
ond. After a false start the word wa3
given and she went to the quarter pole
in 31 seconds. The next quarter she in
creased her speed so that she reached
the half in 1:01%- At the three-quar
ters the watches clicked at 1:12%.
Without apparent effort she maintain
ed her speed to the wire, the final quar
ter being made in :30H and the mile in
2:02*i. Summary:
2:13 trot. pur?e $2000. three in five heat*—
Aristo wen three straizht heats in 2:13.
2:10*4, 2:12Li. John Mac. The General.
Boreapel'.e ar.d" Hie Boy also started.
2:C»$ pace, purse JluCO. two in three heats —
Nathan Strauss won two straight heats. »ach
in 2.O4V Anidro«is. Locanda. Frank lca
k-um. Snfriet and Cascade Maid aljo started.
2:13 trot, perse tUXm. two in three heats —
Monroe won two straight heats in 2:12 : i and
2:10>4. Thorn Bov. Alcy. Lady Patchie. Morn,
Joymaker. Lady K. Midnight, Kest a.Td Ruth
M also started.
Kunnlng hleh Jumti — H. F. Jonrs. New York
A. C. N«-w Yrrk. first. 0 ffftt 11 inches; O. P.
fr>rv\tm, Cornell University, eecond. 5 feet 9
inches.
Runntnir broad Jump, handicap — Fred Kn^le
hardt, M. A. C, New York C'.ty (10 inches),
flmt. 22 feet £H Inches; J. H. Van CSere,
Olney. 111. <1C incheF). «e<ond. 21 feet 6V.
inches; J. P. Haterman. Pasadena, Cal. (0
inches), third. 21 f**t <i'4 inches. (The dls
tarr^K r'vn are artnal Jumr-s)
2.V/»-mtt«-r litecp'.echaiK' — James D. UBhtbody.
C. A. A.. Chicago, first; John J. Daly, Ireland,
second Time. 7:39 3-5.
I'uttinir lC-round «hot. handicap — W. IV.
Co*-. Rulir.ervlll* 1 . Mann Scratch), first, 45 f«»et
11 inches; L. K. Ffurbach. N. Y. A. C. New
Yf.rk <2 feet handicap), second. 44 feet f>Y 3
Inch's*.
120-yard hizrh-hurdle handicap — L. A«h
b-jrr.^r. Ithat:a. N. Y. O. yards), flnrt; F. W.
J-chule. M. A. C. Milwaukee furratr-M. fu?cond;
T«>d Sfhide'.f-r. «;. A. A.. Chicago' Scratch),
third; C. M. Gardiner. M"]lyjurn*-, Australia
(4 yard*), fourth. Time, :15 4-5.
Ktar.dinx broad Jump — Ray Ewry. N. T. A.
C. New York, first. 11 feet *\ Inch*-*; C. M.
Kir.?. McKinney, Texas, second. 1 0 feet 9
inche*.
Firal heat. 00-meter run — Archie Kahn.
M. A. ('.., MHwauk'-?, first; "W. Hogenscn.
CnJcapo A. C. ¦eeond. Timr, 7 strcr/rtiim.
«O-Bi«t»r run — Harry Hullman. New York
A. ('.. first: Frank Wa'.!»r. M. A. C, Mll
wauk«-*. neccnd. Tlrne, :V.» 1-5.
Thrvwlnsr lC-pound harcrr.»r — John Flanna-
Kan. S. Y. I. A. C. New York. nn>t. If* fe*t
1 inch. John P_ We Witt, Princeton, second,
104 feet 11 inr>e«.
The standing broad jump brought out
a field that has never been eaualed in
the history of American athletics. The
first jump, that of C. M. King of Mc-
Kiriney. Tex., exceeded the Olympic
record by three-fifths of an inch. Ray
Ewry of the New York Athletic Club,
holder of the Olympic and world's
records, followed and on his first jump
beat the Olympic record and came
within two inches of equaling the
world's record, with a jump of 11 feet
2 inches. Ewry demonstrated that his
championship form had not deserted
him and established a new world's rec
ord of 11 feet 4 7-S inches. His jumps
were as follows: 11 feet 2 inches, 11
feet 2\4 Inches, 11 feet 4^4 inches,
breaking his own world's record of 11
feet 4 inches, and 11 feet 4 7-8 inches.
While the record established in Paris
by G. IV. Ortin of the University of
Pennsylvania for the 2500-meter
steeplechase %ras not seriously endan
gered, that event proved one of the
most interesting of the day's sport.
John J. Daly of Ireland sot off in the
lead and ran a magnificent race, but
was headed by James D. Lightbody of
the Chicago Athletic Association on the
last lap and beaten to the tape by a
scant margin. Summary:
RSO-ysrd handicap — J^fcn Runge. Berlin.
Oraiir.y OQ yard*), flirt; J. P. Packmac,
Montreal. Canada (scratch), second: F. C
Roth. L»os Aigoles, Cal. US yards), third.
Tim':. 1 :T,S A-Tj.
The first Olympic record to go was
broken by John Flar.nagan of the
Greater New York Irish Athletic Asso
ciation, the holder. His first essay
with the 16-pound hammer resulted in
a. throw of 163 feet 1 inch, exceeding
the record made by him in Paris by
nine inches.
A burst of cheering followed the an
nouncement of the time in the first
heat of the sixty-meter run, seven sec
onds, as it equaled the record obtained
at the Paris revival of the Olympic
paints in 1&00. The second heat also
was run in record time, as was the
final.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 23.— One world's
record was broken, two Olympic rec
ords were lowered and one Olympic
record was eaualed In the first day's
events in the Louisiana Purchase Ex
position revival of the famous athletic
classic, the Olympic games. Athletes
from many nations ' met the pick of
American sprinters, jumpers, distance
and weight men in the first events of
the card that will furnish entertain
snent to lovers of sport for the next
wt-ek. There also were four handicap
events that resulted in more even com
petition and gave several close finishes.
SACRAMENTO. Aug. 23.— The Judges
did not like llastin's driving behini
Marvin Wilkes in the third heat of the
Stanford stake to-day and fined hini
$50 for his Ii3tlessness. This action p^:
new life into the reinsman. and he put
"SVilkes to the front in the succeeding
heats, winning the race. "Wiikes wa3
the favorite at even money, Carlokir.,
Neergard and Paprika being at 2 to 1
each. He won the first heat handily,
was second to Cariokin in the second
and third to N'eergard in the third.
This was too much for the judges, and
they gave Mastin a shaking up.
W« G. Durfee was al3o disciplined,
being fined fc>0 for not making a try
with Cavalier in the first two heats el
the 2:20 pace. Tom Carneal was figurtd
to win this race and was made favorite
at even money. A field of nine started.
Cavaliero won the first heat in 2:034,
Dr. W was second and Torn Carneal
third. Cavalier being back in the
bunch. Tom Carneal finished first in th-s
second heat in 2:12^. but was put last
for fouling in the stretch and the hea;
was given to Dr. "W, Cavaliero second,
Billy Red third.
The fourth and fifth heats were won
handily by Cavalier, and the judges ar
ranged the $50 interview with Durfee.
There were four running races on the
card, the first, seven furlongs, going to
Dr. Shorb, the well-played favorite,
who won handily from Uppercut. Dr.
Eirdsall. on whom there wa# consid
erable play, was third. Zenonian
looked a winner in the stretch, but died
away a sixteenth from the wire.
Lena Leford. at 4 to 1, won the fourth
race, five furlongs, in 1:03 by a neck
from King Promise. Grenore, the fa
vorite, was third.
Our Pride won the six-furlong race in
an easy manner, but Berendos and
Sugden fought it out for the place, the
former showing a nose to the good.
Miss Culver made most of the run
ning in the last race, one mile, beating
Tom Slavin a length, Huapola being
two lengths back for the show. Thf
money of the wiseacres was on Jlilas
at 3 to 2. but he finished next to last-,
Summary:
Weather fine: track fast: att«2d'an-» fair.
First race, the Stanford stake. thre»-year
olds. valu» 51S00:
Marvin Wiikes. b. c. by Dca
Manr'.n-Ncra 3 (ilaatin) 12 4 11
Neergard « Brocks) 2 3 1 2 3
Carlokla (Hogobocra) Z 1 3 4 4
Paprika fH?y> 4 ¦* 2 Z 2
Time— i :2Oi',. 2:20*». 2:22. 2:2O, 2:*-*S.
Second race. 2:20 cias« pac*. purse $13W:
CataU'r. br. k by 'WeJcorae-
Steinway <Durf«) 5 5 1 1 T
Dr. W (Lte^stt* 2 1 1 ". 2
Cavaliero iChahcya) 1 2 5 2 3
Flora G (L?igi=?er» 6 4 3 dr.
Billy Red (^prir.ger) 4 3 C dr.
Tom Carr.eal fTrefey) 8 7 4 dr.
Miss Wina 'Hoy) 7 6 dia.
Ocrtie A <Miz:»r) dis.
Her.ry N (Vane?) dis.
Time— 2:C9ij. 2:12^. 2:U»4. 2:14^. 2:1*\.
Tfcird nice, nir.r.insr. seven farlca^s — Dr.
SliCrb. 112 i Reeves), even, won; Vpp*rca:. 112
(Hazard) 3 to 1. ysccad: Dr. Birdsail. 103
(Sullivan), 2 to 1. third. TUne. l:2S3i.
Zenoniar.. Theodora L and Tamra al;«o raa. ¦
Fourth race, flv* furlongs — L*na Lef:rd. 1<H
(Sullivan). 4 to 1. won: King Promise. 107
<Bczeman). «> to 1, second: Or«nore. 107 (Vivk
ery). even, third. Time. 1:C>. Anita Knight.
At ble A ar.d Identical also ran.
Fifth race, six furlont3. sel'lnfr — Our Pride.
112 (Crosswaite). 4 to 1. won: Berendos. 107
(Vlckery). 3 to 1, second; Sugden. 112 (Haz
ard). 5 to 1. third. Time. 1:111?. Headwater.
Skip Me. FUIe d'Or. Lecturer and Light Bird
also ran.
Sixth race, or.e mile, handicap — Miss Culver.
1(W (Henderson). 4 to 1, won: Tom Slavin, i:S
(Crosswaite), 4 to 1. second; Huapala. S*4
(Mcran). 6 to 1> third. Time. 1:42. Xorti*
Pcle. Milas and Xakana also ran.
Following are the entries for to-rnor
row"3 races:
'First and second races not yet fll'eti.)
Tfcird race, running, five 'uriongj — Erjoy
rr.er.t 105. Outcast 105. P.oyal Copper 107. Vas
al:ce 110. Tack Back 115. Ma«$le Mitchell
115 Tloleta. 105. Botany 10S. J T S 1C8.
Hurrah Three Tinea 105, Traveler 10<X Baltest
ltw. Aiaoruna. 105.
Fourth race, six furlongs, selling — Sir Pres
ton 110 Aunt Polly 107. Skirmish 107. Null*H
107. Pure Dal* 107. Amicus 107.
Fifth race, one mile, selling — Dr. BirtJsalX
07 Thtodcra L> 104. Thomdala 107, Tinnhausrr
107. Tamai 107. Pliot 107.
Sixth race, five and a half furloiurs. handi
cap — Victoria S 100. Maud Sherwood 109, Brea
nu* 105 Sol LlchtenJtein 105. IdaJum 93. Que«a
Fay SO. Potencia 100. Gosslper 93.
Special Dts^atch to Tc* CaiL
New York Champion Clears
1 1 Feet 4-Ts Inches. Beating
Hark He Had Established
Captures the 2:06 Event for
"Sidewheeters** in Straight
Heats in Fast Time
Diirfee Arouses the Ire of Of
ficials and Is Disciplined
to Tune of Fifty Dollars
Businesslike Ways of Head
Condi 3Icet With the A\>
lfLo\dl ul 3Ieii on Benches
FAVOKITE IX BETTING
Time, 1:15. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner. John Duffy's b. f. (3) by St. Gatien-Con
fidante. Debbie May 105 Maid of the OTder
110. Lady Ray 105. Annisquam V). Always
Faithful 105. Renaissance i>0. Bird Pcnd 105,
Mcrdel!a 110. finished as named.
ST. LOUIS. Aug. 29.— Commodore was
beaten a nose for first money in the
Fair Grounds feature here to-day," Ed
Ball getting the verdict.
A demonstration followed when the
crowd gathered about the judges' stand,
insisting that Commodore won. It was
five minutes before the mob dispersed,
after the calling of the officials.
The weather was threatening, the
track fa3t. Summary:
FIRST RACK — Six furlongs; two and three
year old flUJes:
Belting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *4 Fin.
12 to 1— St. Agnes II. 11(> (Troxlr) 1 2 1 1 ns
12 to 1— Lemon GSri. 110 (Young). 8 53 24
20 to 1— Algonquin. 110 (Foley)... C 4 lf»3 h
Special Dispatch to Tb« Call.
FOURTH RACE— One rril«s and fifty yard*;
three-jiar-clds and up war is; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »4 Fin.
15 to 2— Ananias, 90 (Rc-.i) 3 11^12
8 to 2— Miss Crawford. 500 (Knp) 5 2^22
7tol— Ahola, 00 (Mclniyre) 2 5 3 b
Time. 1:421-5. Start rood. Won easily.
Winner, J. F. Schorr'a t.i. c. (3) by Ocean
Wave- Veracious. Princs fciilverwlngs 99, White
Plume 94, aleo ran.
THIRD RACE— Six furlcngs; two-year- olds;
Junior handicap:
Betting. Hor*e,« Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 5 — John Smulski. 117 (Helg.)S 8 12
12 to 1 — Cigar Lighter. N/7 <Larsn)2 6 1 2 n
12 to 1 — Devout. yO (Autu*. hon).. 1" 23 3 Vs
Time. 1:13 3-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, C. R. Ellison's br. c. by Esher-Ellen
gowan. Frank Monterverde 90, Retort 90, Ralph
Ree&e iiH. Kurtzman 124, Mix Inez 117, also
ran.
Time, 3:25. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. E. Horton's b. h. <?> by Dundee-Ruth.
Lingo 135, Allegiance 132, Springstead 125,
Oliver Me 1S3, also ran; Kvander 131, fell.
SECOND RACE — Short course, steeplechase;
three-year-cida and upwards; handicap:
Betting. Horse, Weight. J<xkey. St. % Fin.
Ifc to &— Golden Link, 150 (Carter) 5 21^12
15 to 1— CUis Leader, 1^0 *Archib)8 4 20 2 4
15 to 1 — Schwrzwald, 125 <Grntld>l lh 3 8
The track was at its best, but rain
threatened all the afternoon. With a
high-class, card of seven races a large
crowd was attracted to the course.
Summary:
FIRST RACi: — Six furlongs; thre«-year-old9
and upwards; selling:
Btttlng. Horae. Weight, Jcckey. St. ?i Fin.
3 to 1 — The Mighty, Iff; <HeIg.) 3 1 i.%1'2
E to 2— Mayor Jch'n, lot <Nlcol) 7 4 1 2 1>/4
SO to 1— Bay Wonder, 104 <<Kn;>) 4 5 3%3n
Time, 1 :13 1-5. Start good. Wen easily.
Winner, T. G. Ferguson's ch. c. f3) by Prince
Royal-Intrusion. Sweetie 106. Silent Water
SK», Comrade AC3. Bernlce 95, Durbar 90. Ko
morabo 101, fAIUzta. lie. Maggie Leeber ll£,
also ran.
CHICAGO, Aug. 29.— "Lucky" Char
lie Ellison added another stake to his
bank roll when his colt, John Smulski,
with Helgesen up, won the Junior
handicap, the feature of opening day at
Harlem Park. Cigarlighter and Devout,
both added starters, ran second and
third. The handicap was worth- $3010 to
the winner.
John Smulski ran a smashing race.
He was last all the way to the stretch
and looked hopelessly beaten. "With 117
pounds up it was hardly expected he
would ccme on and beat- his field, but
Helgesen took the outside, got clear
sailing and the colt showed a marvel
ous turn of speed, winning by two
lengths. The Ellison entry, John Smul
ski and Miss Inez, was held favorite at
7 to 5 and was well backed-
Ananias broke the track record in the
fourth race, running a mile and fifty
yards and winning in 1:42 1-5, one-fifth
of a second better than the old record.
Ananias led all the way.
EyecUl Dispatch to The Call.
SIXTH RACE— One and an eighth miles: for
three-year-olds and up:
Bnting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
It to 1O— Outcomo. 115 fLyno) 3 4 2 1 %
IS to 1— Palm Bearer. 120 (Hlld) 2 i %*2 (5
i) to 1 — Carbuncle. 124 fShaw).. C 5 2 3 1
Tim* 1 . 1 :54. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner. W. Ciay'o b. f. by Sir Dixon-OIlIe Glenn.
P'jntaur, Gold Money, Cloverland finished aa
named.
FIFTH RACE— Six and a half furlongs;
purse; for maiden three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
6 to 1— B*!l of Portlnd, 105 <Hld> 2 1 2 1 i&
3 to 5— Sir Lynewood, 110 <Brti«> 3 2 2 2«
2Otol— Lady Prudnc. 103 <Trvs)( 8 3 V 2 3 Hi
Time, 1:20 8-5. Start r^r. Won driving.
Winner, A. Scullers' br. I. by G. W. Johnson-
Ik-lle Bramble, i'hantnm, Nuit Blanche, Hetty
<i. Louis H. Topright, Kcvane. Silver-foot,
Prlvateeer. Pat Costigan, Spec, Cnqua finished
as named.
FOfRTH RACE— Six fur'.onga; The Flying
Handicap for three- j-f-ar-o!ds:
Ii'ttlng. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *J Fin.
8 to li — Broomstick. 120 (Uurns) 3 2 2 IS
G to 1 — Lady Amelia, 120 (Odom) 2 12 2 214
11 to 5 — Mir.f-ola, 107 (Hildebrand) 4 4 1 3 -~
Time. 1:13 3-5. Start good. Won eaaii>-.
Winner, 8. fi. Brown's b. c. by Ben Brush-
Klf. Divination, Ancestor, Memories finished
as named.
THIRD RACE: — Five fur'.onjrs: for two-year
olds; the Autumn Maiden handicap:
Benin?. Horse. Welchl. Joekty, Start. % Fin.
'1 to 1— Woodsaw. 119 (Irene)..., 2 12 13
4 to 1 — Wildmint, 113 <Odom)... 3 'Z 1VJ2 1
1» to 5 — Hearts Desire. 11C (Hildeb)l 3 3 3 1
Time. :59 4-5. Start fair. Won easily.
Winner. S. Paget's eft. c. by Octagon-Wood
vine. Sigiight also ran.
Lady Amelia was a better filly to
day than on Saturday and her bodily
condition was well nigh perfect. If
anything she was still a trifl> too soft
hi flesh, judging from the soapy lather
on her neck in her preliminary.
By no means high class was the
field, with the exception of the two
mentioned. It was expected that Lady
Amelia, a« usual, would fio the pace
making. This she did, but, again as
usual, she began to come back, or per
haps it is more likely that Broomstick
was going the stronger. At any rate,
he won easily.
Among those beaten were Mineola,
which never had a chance in the early
part of the race — due, it is charged,
to interference by Divination.
The Flying handicap was at six fur
lor.gs and was run in 1:13 3-5. The
stake was worth 5 2675 to the win
ner, whose owner. Captain Brown, wit
nessed the victory. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Five furlongs; for two-year
old fillies:
Utnir.i;. Hor.s*. Weight. Jockey. Start, % Fin.
3 to 5 — Princess Rup't. 114 (Shaw)l m lh
L3tx>C — Z*-ala, 110 (Lyrte) 5 2'j25
20 to 3 — Raiment, 10» (Bums) 3 3%'3 2
Time :L'.i 3-5. Start fair. Won drivlnj.
Winner H. B. Duryea'» b. t. by Haznburg-
Rub«rta. MidKc, Llrvia L^e. FloraJia, Bella
trix. Holy £moke finished as named.
SECOND RACE— One mile; Belling; for
thrf«-year-olds ani upwards:
liettins. Horse, Welsrht. Jockey. Start, *i Fin.
B to 1— Kickshaw, VI (Crimmln*) 2 lh 11^
3 to 2 — Liberia. 91 (Sperling) 4 3 2 2 4
12 to 1— Nigrette. 05 f\V. Davis).. 3 51 3b
Tim*. 1:40. Start poor. Won drlvlr.gr. Win
ner, A. Slmcr.'s b. g. by Omament-Ezarra,
Homestead, Geranium, Conklir.ir, Agnes D,
Hirer Days. Tr,i San. Briarthori'e. Sias, Matt
Mullen. Hoodwink, Ethics, Hydrangea, B*n
duro finished as named.
SHEEPSHEAD BAY, X. T., Aug.
19. — Two of the product of the famous
horse Ben Brush fought out the Fly
ing- handicap to-day, and, as happens
nine times out of ten, everything els«s
being equal, the colt beat the filly. S.
S. Brown's Broomstick came from be
hind the Hying Lady Amelia in the
last furlong and won.
Special Disyatch to The Call.
KOOTEKS LIKE HOPPER
KAY EWPtVS LOXG JU3IP
XATHAX STKAUSS WINS
Athletes Competing in the
Olympic Games Make Fine
Showing on Opening Day
Season Opens at Univer
sity Witli All the Signs
to Good Season
Handsome Little Pacer Ne
gotiates a 3Iile in 2:02%
Without Aid of Pacemaker
Colt Comes From Be
hind and Passes
the Filly.
Marvin Wilkes AVins Stan
ford .Stake After His Driver
Is Prodded I>v the Judges
St. Louis Crowd Ex
cited Over Close
Finish.
Harlem Track Record
Is Lowered by
Ananias.
FOOTBALL GETS
INTO ITS GALL
RECORDS FALL
AT ST. LOUIS
DARIEL LOWERS
WORLD'S RECORD
BEN BRUSH THE SIRE OF TWO
CONTENDERS IN STAR EVENT
FINE REINSMAN
AND GET SPEED
BROOMSTICK BEATS LADY AMELIA IN THE FLYING HANDICAP
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 30, 1901.
Cameras.
All styles — lowest prices. Everything
Photographic. Banborn, Vail & Co., 741
Market street. ¦ u-, . J •
NASHVILLE, Tenn., Aug. 29.— E.
C. Stalhman, vice president of the
Banner Publishing Company, news
editor of the Evening Banner and day
correspondent of the Associated Press,
was drowned in the Cumberland River
to-day. Stahlman was cruising up the
river in his gasoline launch when the
propeller refused to work. He dived
under the launch to remedy the
trouble and' failed to reappear, "stahl
man was 35 years old.
K. C. Stahlman Dives Under Disabled
Gasoline Launch to Examine Pro
peller and Fails to Reappear.
NASHVILLE NEWSPAPER MAN
DROWNS IN CUMBERLAND
REDDING, Aug. 29.— Pete Caneva,
who has been digging a cellar under
his house at Delamar, encountered a
big bowlder and yesterday he decided
to remove.it with dynamite. He got
the rock out all right and also suc
ceeded in lifting the house a foot from
the ground, blew a hole through the
floor and . sent . a sewing machine
through the roof. One of Caneva's
principal causes of complaint is that
there was *5 in one of the drawers of
the machine-
Mows Up Hock and His Home.
MUST SHOW CAUSE WHY HE
SHOULD XOT 1JE REMOVED
Financial Affairs of Treasurer of
Catholic University of Washing
ton Before Supreme Court.
< WASHINGTON. Aug. 29.— In the Su
preme Court of the District of Colum
bia to-day Justice Stafford issued an
order directing Thomas E. Waggaman,
treasurer of the Catholic University,
against whom proceedings in bank
ruptcy have been filed, to show cause
by September 1 why he should not be
removed as trustee for certain parties
to whom he save notes for certain
moneys invested.
Another phase of the case developed
to-day, when the Second National
Bank, the National Bank of Washing
ton and the National Metropolitan
Bank, which filed the original proceed
ings in bankruptcy, petitioned the
court to appoint a receiver to take pos
session of all the assets of Waggaman
and collect and hold the same until
further orders. The petitioning credit
ors Informed the court that this action
was absolutely necessary for the pres
ervation of the estate of Waggaman
and to the best interest of the same.
Accompanying the petition is a letter
signed by Waggaman asking that this
action be taken. In the petition it is
stated that the debts said to be secured
by the securities are very large, beine
upward of $500,000, and that the face
*'ifi Ue «°i J£™« ecurities amounts to more
than $1,000,000.
UNITED IIIISII LEAGUE '
MEETS IN CONVENTION
6
_j APVIvKTISTTMTrvrS.
Columbus, Ohio, ilaj 20, 1903.
Six years ago I had a severe attack d
Inflammatory. Rheumatism. I was laid op
in bed for six months, and the doctors J
had did me no good. They changed med-
icines every week and nothing they prt-
scribed seemed to help me. Finally I be-
gan the use of S . S. S. JIv knee and elbow
joints were swollen terribly, and at one
time my joints were so swollen and pain-
ful that I could not close them when
opened. I was so bad that I could not
move knee or foot. I was-getting discour-
aged, you may be sure, when I began S S
S^ but as I siw it was helping me I contin-
ued it, and to-day I am a soand well man
and have never had a return of the disease
S. S. S. purified my blood and cured me"
of this severe case of Rheumatism after
everything else had failed. I have rec-
commended it to others with good re-
SultS - R. H. CHAPilA*.
1355 Mt. Vernon Ave.
The poisonous acids that produce the in-
flammation and pain are absorbed into the
blood and Rheumatism can never be con-
quered till these are neutralized and fil-
tered out of the blood and system. S.SS.
goes directly into the circulation and at-
tacks the disease itself. It purifies and re-
stores the blood to a healthv, vigorous
condition. It contains no potash, alkali or
Sltok cians will advise
k fl k I!! charge whatever.
Hqgpf Q*j£/ OurbookonRheu-
Tjmjpr tnatism sent free.
The Swift Specific Company, Atlanta, 6a.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I Free to Weak Men!
! ARE YOU A WEAKLING? Are you one of those
I unfortunate young men who, through ignorance and bad
0 company, have contracted nervous spells, weak back,
1 varicocclc, gloomy forebodings, loss of courage and am- 3
I bition, loss of confidence, bashfulness, despondency and |
ll weakness? Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt will cure J
y° n - fl
Arc 3-ou a middle-aged man suffering from Varicocele, fl
Indigestion, Constipation, Rheumatism, §1
Lame Back, etc.? Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt will M
cure you. ll
Arc you an old man, declining before your time, hav- ||
ing lost all ability to enjoy life, with prostatic trouble, el
Lost strength, Debility, Pains and Aches and general ll
decay of Organic Powers? I can cure you with Dr. Me- fl
Laughlin's Electric Belt with free suspensory for weak B
men. ' M
I will send you, scaled, free, my beautiful book tell- M
ing about it if you will send this ad. Send for it to-day, fg
! Br IM C Mclaughlin 906 Market st, H
, Lfl. |f|. O. lTfiOI-UI«£llllll, Ab.r. Elli,.g«?r» a eli». El
( Office Hours: 8 a. m. to 8 p. m. Sunday, 10 to 1. ||SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Monday. August 29.
Ftmr Geo Looznls, Badger, 39 hours from
Redondo.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland, 30 hours from Mon
terey, etc.
Stmr Greenwood, "W'alvig, 19 hours from
Needle Rock.
Stmr Bee. Wehman, 39 hours from Alcatraz
Landing. 5
Stmr Sierra. Houdiette. 21 days 4 hours fm
Sydney, via Honolulu 5 days 10 hours.
"Stnar F A Kilburn. Thompson, 7 hours from
Port Rogers.
Stmr UmatMa, Nopander, 61 hours from
Victoria,
The Supreme Court refused yesterday
to grant a writ of review upon cer
tiorari in the contest instituted by cer
tain persons interested in the Free Gold
Mining Company against Superior
Judge Torrence of San Diego County
with a vieVJ ot restraining him from al
lowing certain attorneys* fees. The
Supreme Court says, however, that the
petitioners may proceed with their case
on motion or appeal. Samuel M. Short
ridge of this city is interested to the
extent of $14,500. The amount involved
is $32,000. This is merely a portion of
one of innumerable contests over the
property of the Free Gold Mining Com
pany and the Golden . Cross Mining
Company.
Jutlcre Torrence Is S«»talned.
Time Ball.
Branch Ilydrorraphlc Office, TJ. g fj Mer
chants' Exchange. Saa Francisco"" Cal
August 20. 1904. ' - L#
The Time Ball on the tower of the Femr
buildEX was dropped exactly at noon to-dav_
1. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian or at
6 p. in. Greecwlch time. J. C. BURNETT
lieutenant. P. 8. y.. in charie.
Eon, Moon aad Tide.
UiUted States Coast e&4 Geodetic Surrey—
Native Sons and Daughters.
If you are going to the St. Louis Fair,
now is the time. ,
A special train to St. Louis via the
Southern Pacific Co. and the "Scenic Line
of the World," the Denver and Rio
Grande R. R., will leave San Francisco
at 11 a. m., September 3. This is the
official route. Join this excursion and
help make California Day at the World's
Fair a success, for the glory of the
State.
Sleeping car reservations should be
made now. at the Denver and Rio Grande
R. R. Ticket Office, No. 625 Market st. •
The steamer Alame-Ja. which Kalled on Sat
urday for HonoJuJu, carried an' assorted mer
chan'l'se carer, valued at IM2.093 and lnrlud-
Jr.K the tOUowInjc: CH2 Jjbl* fliur. 1540 pkes
trcsh fruits. 137 pks« fresh vegetable!. 11*14
pkgn pc>tatr>eF. 263 pkgg onions, 19,333 lbs fresh
meat. !Z:iTj lbs ?r»«h firh. 2332 lb« dr^&ed
rKTUltrj-, 17 r>iPs fresh oyster*. 45,230 lbs malt
417 lhs her?. \<j.ZK* Ibg fupar. .Vt.fKX) lb* rtc*
J0.657 Ibv butter, S407 lbs (» m cheese. 138 cs
**.'KS. l!0.!>20 lh« ooOflsh. 1120 c* assorted
canned jo< <1k. _o.:542 Ib* ham ar.<i, bacon. 4583
tfaa bear-«. 279 rite* l'as>t«», 277X lhs 5 cs drl^a
fruit, 2.'«.2.%0 lbs 3 rkfi« lard. 4iWt lbs tra.
:;i<j j)kpt- p'offrX'f and pTOV faUooa, 1700 lb« 2
f*Ks ralsir.F. ISO** lbs. 2 c-s cjffe^. 63 pkes tabla
I't-eparatione. 1!)72 ibs 1 cf ohocolate. 72"i3 lbs
80 c* mwilii. 7 C£ syruji. 1H.310 lbs 3 ca bread,
17 »bl* vinegar. 2'» o r. rasks mlr.<rrai water,
K01 7 pals f>" cr wine, St r« champagne. 820
tkl? whisky. 517 £aJs 16 <^i liquors. 16 pkgi
bf-er. 03 bb1« plrkltd salmon, 42 c* canned
salmon. 43I« Itm 2 ra <-an<Jy. 13.330 lbB dried
fiifc 12&1 Ibs grluco»<-, £32» lbs smoked meat.
«0 pkg« salt. 152 rtig harlcr, 6412 lbs bran.
::D15 Ibh- rnlddlingr*. 27 ctl* wheat, 22 ctls corn,
4>*,5C8 ibs 18 en manufactured tobacco, I7fi
jksF dry poods. 1«K> en and shoe'n, 20
<¦» hats and ca.pt. 12^» Mcrs drujrs and Eundrl»s
J».'.W>« Jb* rerarnt. 2116 Ib* fie tin, 6000 lbs
copper. £*08 lb» zinc. 40 pkgs electrical cup.
pli^s. U pkgs machinery. IS txjls 61 pe« pipe
8 coils rope. 4M bus soap, 61 cs matches 19
bale R leather. 208 pkirs paints and olln, 212
pfcgl parser. 'J cs ammunition, 10 bales oakum
CO teles paper bat's.
Tlio Alatneda's Canro.
I DENVER, Aug. 29. — Judge Mullins
in the District Court to-day overruled
the motion of counsel for Mrs. Gene
vJeve C. Phipps to quash the summons
served on her in the suit of her hus
band, Lawrence C. Phipps, for di
vorce. The summons was attacked on
the ground that the jurat to the no
tary's attest bore no seal" and for the
farther reason that service had not
been made by a properly delegated
deputy sheriff.
Mrs. Phipps was given five days In
which to demur to the complaint, or
°flfteen days in which to answer the
charges made by her husband.
Refuses to Quash Summons Served in
the Suit of Her Millionaire
Husband for Divorce.
DENVER JUDGE DENIES
REQUEST OF MRS. PHIPPS
Th* British bark Gr^ta wa» ~I*-are<l y*ster
«ay for Uverpool. EngJand. uith 36 458 c»
canned fruit, 2732 r« canned baliuon 565 701
1b? taJJow. C03.SSS lbs afphaltum. 111 000 'lbs
pl*t >ad and 127.S71 lbs zinc tklzamiart
¦ allied at $154,723. The ves» ? l also carried
C000 feet Jun-.b«T as dunnage valued at $30.
A Canro for I>f\TerpooL
Kliipping Mcrcliants.
¦ The B-ltifh t-hlp Lin<3fteld is rhartcre'l for
lun-.t^r from pujrn Round to Melbourne at
Maturrs of Interest lo Mariners and
STEWS OF THE OCEAX.
The Overdue List.
Thf v^srel* on the ovenJae |j«t are quofd
for rein«ur«nfe as follows: Pionler, .90 r- f -r
eetrt; Hampton. « i*r cent; Mlchelet. 10 per
Fountain pen points. We sell "Water
man's Ideal" and "The Marshall," the
best $1 pen in the world. Sanborn, Vail
& Co., 741 Market street. •
Points to Remember.
Mancliiu-ia Sails To-Day.
The Pacific Mai' Company's lir.er Manchuria
w!!l sail at 1 oVrock to-day for Honolulu and
the Far Eaft. She will carry a large number
of pap»*ngrrf> and mere than 0<KX) tons of
c?.rro. more than half of v.hlch is for Japan.
SIoFt of thl« Japanese freight wou!d probably
t* r!a^s«"i Zf contraband, but th«» Russian
bsar on thr water Js no longer looked up-jn
a« a factor of probable inter»>rence.
The Dutch Fhip Eurrpa. bound from Ant
wrp f..v thig port, whfch put into Valparaiso
thr other day. short of water, yesterday re
turned her voyajrf.
Enropa Resumes Voyage.
Monday. August 29.
Stmr Geo W Elder, Randall, Astoria; Oregon
II U & Nav Co.
JUmr Corona. Gielow. Eureka; Pac Coast S
S Co.
Br stmr Wyefield, Watson. Ladysmlth; West:
era Fuel Co.
P.r bark Greta. Hey burn, Liverpool; Balfour,
Guthrie & Co.
SAILED.
Monday, August 29.
Stmr Maggie.- Hogan. Halfmoon Bay.
Stmr F A Kilburn. Thompson, Port Rogers.
J-Umr Brooklyn. Carlson San Pedro.
Stmr Geo W Elder. Randall, Astoria.
Stmr Corona. Glelow, Eureka.
Stmr Francis H Leggott, Reinert. Portland
via Astoria.
Stmr South Coast, Olsen. Caspar.
Stmr Argo. Dunham, Eel River.
Htmr Bee. Wehman. Eureka.
Ktmr Noyo. Johnson Eureka.
Schr Advance. Ogldiiessen, Coquille River.
Schr E K Wood, Hanson. Grays Harbor.
Schr R W Bartlett. Niolson, Puget Sound.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— Aug 29, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW; velocity S miles per hour.
SPOKEN.
Aug — — Lat 10 X, long 27 W. Br ship
Anglesey, hence May 12 for Liverpool.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived Aug 25— Ship
J B Thomas from Port Townsend.
HARDY CREEK— Arrived Aug 29— Stmr
Celia. hence Aug 27.
SEATTLE — Arrived Aug 29 — Stmr Alontara.
hence Aug 25; stmr Nevadan. hence Aug 25;
U S stmr Buraslde, from Alaska
SANTA BARBARA— Arrived Aug 20— Stmr
Santa Rosa, hence Aug 28; stmr Bonita hence
Aug 27.
Sailed Aug 29 — Stmr Santa Rosa, for San
Diego; stmr Bonita for San Pedro.
TATOOSH — Passed Aug 29— Chil bark Anto
fagasta. from Chemainue, for west coast of
South America.
Passed in Aug 29— Stmr Portland, from Unga
for Seattle.
PORT HADLOCK— Sailed Aug 29— Ship Ja
bez Howes, for Sydney.
COOS BAY — Arrived Aug 20 — Stmr Alliance
from Astoria. X"
Sailed Aug 29— Stmr • Breakwater for San
Francifcco
TACOMA— Arrived Aug 29— Stmr Ramona,
Htmr Prentlss, Ahlstrom. 24 hours from Eu
reka.
Kimr Samoa. Madden, 26 hours from Eureka.
Stmr State of California, Nicolson, 41 hours
from San Diego.
Stmr Eureka. Jessen. 27 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Maggie, Hogah. 4 hours from -HaJf
moon Bay.
Stmr Centralia, Ericsson, 39 hours from San
Pedro.
Ur stmr Coptic. Armstrong. 2G days 20 hours
from Hongkong, via Yokohama 10 days, via
Honolulu 5 days 18 hours.
Nor ftmr Tellus, Arntzen. 95 hours from
Ladysmith.
Schr Jennie Griffin, Gibson. 3 hours from
Bodega. ; . .' -
CLEARED.
Unsettled weather continues In Arizona,
Utah, Wyoming and Montana. Thunderstorms
are reported at Phoenix, Flagstaff, Salt Lake
City and Pocatello. Thunderstorms may be
expected Tuesday from the Sierras to the
Rocky Mountains. At Flagstaff 1.44 inches of
rrin is reported. It is interesting to note
that during July and August, lS*ft. 5.65 inches
of rain fell at Flagstaff. During July and
AuRust, li»04, 12.30 inches have fallen.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. August 30:
Northern California — Fair Tuesday, except
thunderstorms in the Sierras; light southerly
winds inland; fresh westerly winds on the
coast .
Southern California — Cloudy Tuesday, prob
ably thunderstorms in the mountains; froih
southwest winds.
Nevada — Thunderstorms Tuesday; briek
westerly winds.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Tuesday;
light southwest changing to brisk westerly
winds.
Los Angeles and vicinity — Cloudy Tuesday;
powibly showers; fresh southwest winds.
A. G. McADIE, District Forecaster.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENEItAL
FORECAST.
MENOMINEE, Mich., Aug. 29. —
Gertrude Swyer, the young heroine
who piloted a party of five children
across the waters of Green Bay dur
ing a heavy storm Last Thursday
night, is to receive a gold medal to be
purchased with funds subscribed by
citizens of Menominee. The young 1
woman saved the entire party from
almost certain death, battling 1 with
her oars until her hands were raw
against waves rolling thirty feet high.
The sea that night was so heavy that
all the larger steamships remained in
port.
Pilots Party of Five Children Across
Waters of Green Buy During
Terrilic Storm.
MICHIGAN HEROINE TO
RECEIVE GOLD MEDAL
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. I From. | Dug
Oregonian Seattle !Au&. 30
¦Ae»oui* Grays Harbor Aug. 30
b Monica Grays Harbor Aug. J,u
Elizabeth ¦ Conullle River Aug. JO
Sequoia ¦ Wlllapa Harbor Aug. JO
Pomo Point Arena & Albion. Aug. SO
Pomona '< Humboldt -Aug. 30
R DolUr ' San Pedro jAui?.
Cha«. Nelson, i San Pedro 'Aug. 31
Homer ! Coos Bay & Pt. OrfordjAug. 31
Acapulco I New York via Ancon..iAug. 31
jeanie i Seattle & Tacoma !Aug. 31
Breakwater.. ] Coo» Bay ...Aug. 31
Alliance (Portland & Way Ports.lAuf. 31
c an Pedro ; Humboldt iStpt. 1
r i-it \it-na.- ' Mendocino & Pt. ArenaiSert. 1
?anuR«.a-i Kan Diego & Way Pts.jS-pt. 1
Ncrtii Kcrk...; Humboldt jfcept. 1
Columbia Portland & Astoria Sept. 1
Bonlta Newport & Way Ports. Sept. 1
Argo ... Eel River ports |Sept. 1
corona : Humboldt Sept -
Coronado ' Grays Harbor Sept. 2
l aaUd San Pedro Sept. ..
redondo Portland & Astoria Sept. 3
> uU ... Humboldt !Scpt. 3
Ou f . n ... PuKet Sound Ports 'Sept. :«
Arctic : Humboldt Sept. 4
-a«e o'fCal . i Han Diego & War Pts. Sept. 5
rSinaj •"....! San Pedro & Way Pts.'Sept. 5
C W Elder. . j Portland &. Astoria |Sept. 6
Mariposa Tahiti 1 - «
Bar.-acouta..-New York via Ancon. .(Sept. 7
Centennial Seattle & Tacoma. ... .iSept. 7
Aur( .lia Pnrtlnn.l & Astoria !Sent. (
City Puebla. . Puget Sound Ports jSept. 8
TO SAIL.
Stean-.er. Destination. Satis. j Pier.
August 30. I
Kruger. Humboldt | 9 am] Pier 2
ui ,i»... Gray- Harbor .. . . 4 nn.P.er 10
S Monica.. ls>« Arteles Ports. 10 am P*r 2
Manchuria. China 8c Japan.... 1 pin Pier 40
August 31. I I
G Dollar... Grays Harbor | 2 pm|Pier 20
E Ur eka Humboldt I » arc I Pier It
cZos Bay-.- San Pedro t Way. 0 ajnjPier 11
Arctic •••• Hurr.boMt I » am I Pier 2
September 1. | |
Porr.on« . v- • Humboldt l:20piPler 9
- .* - Arena & Albion « pmlPler 2
StaTe of Cal San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
G l^ndauer Gray* Harbor jPier —
?^lan»w.. Seattle direct 2 pmiPIer 20
Vtf'MC*...- Eureka & Coos 13 [Pier 16
Eliiabeth.. i Coquille River 6 pm Pier 20
I September a. I
rnnnado.. 1 Grays Harbor J10 amjPicr 10
S^bS°B...lo«y ««bor |. 4 pmiPler 10
»r«T .-' Kel River Ports...! 4 pmjPler 2
nr*akwater : Coor. Bay direct. ... I B pm Pitr 8
Kcouol* ¦ • • '¦ Wlllapa Harbor |12 mlPier 20
T-matlla... ' PuR^t Soui.d Portsjll amiFitr O
! September 3. I |
Can pedro.. Humboldt 4 pm;Pler 2
c*. y pwum N. Y. via Ancon.. 12 mlPier 40
pi Arena •• Point Arvna i pmjPler 2
*~ September 4. |
Cor ona Humboldt Jl:3OpPier 9
North Fork. Humboldt 5 pm Pier 20
Column 1 *..- Astoria i Portlandlll am Pier 24
Bor | ta Newport & Way. ..I 9 amlPier 11
jjVrle Seattle &. Tacoma. | 5 pm|Pier 20
| September 7.
Curacao i Mexican Ports 10 am Pier 11
Queen Puitet Sound Ports 11 am Pier V
w September 8.
Sierra I Fydney & Way... 2 pm I Pier 7
Coctic China & Japan.... 1 pm|Pler 40
September 9. | |
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portlandill am|Pier 24
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. Destination. Balls.
Senator Nome Aug. 30
Dlrlgo Ekajrway & Way Port*. Aug. 30
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports. Aug. 31
Valencia 6ka*rway & Way Ports. Aug. 31
City Seattle.. | Skagway & Way Ports. Sept. 1
Santa Clara.. | Valdez & Seward Sept. 1
Excelsior Seldovla & Way Ports. Sept. 1
Victoria ! Nome &. N. E. Siberia. Sept. 3
Movements of Steamers.
Baker .i0.02 04 4S NW Cloudy .00
Carson 29. m 70 52 W Clear :O0
Eureka .!0.14 68 4S NW Clear .00
Fresno 20. SS 02 58 NW Clear .»>0
S- K. Fara!Jon.::o.01 5<i 54 NW Ciear .00
Flagstaff 2!>.fi8 70 4S SW Cloudy 1.44
Pocatello 29.88 S2 58 N Cloudy .05
Independence. 2U.7S 00 «!4 PE Clear .<J<)
Ix>s Ang-eles. ..29. Mi 80 <K) W Clear .00
Mt.Tamalpals 30.01 71 63 NW Clear .00
North Head ...".0.14 «!2 54 H Cloudy .01
Phoenix 20.82 OS 78 N Cloudy T.
Pt. Reyes L'ht.lit.'.Mi 57 60 NW Clear .00
Portland .10.12 70 50 NW Cloudy .00
Red Bluff ...%2i).9O 88 «<> SE Clear .00
Roseburg 30.08 74 54 N Clear .00
Sacramento ..29.92 K2 5<! S Clear .0u
Salt I^ike 29.78 S8 62 W Pt.Cldy .00
San Francisco.riO.OO GJ 52 W Clear .00
Kan L. Obi8po.2".).94 S2 4(J N Clear .00
San Diego ...29.88 7S 70 W Clear .00
Seattle 30.12 W5 T.4 S Cloudy T.
Spokane :>0.<)2 70 54 W Cloudy .<*>
Tatoosh :».12 r>8 54 NE Cloudy .04
Walla Walla.. 30. 00 74 5« S Pt.Cldy .(">
Winnemucta .29.83 SO OS SW Pt.Cldy .00
Yuma 29.78 102 78 SW Clear .00
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
•t Fort Point entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of thfc
gut-erlntendent.
NOTE — The high and low wat«rs occur at
the city front (Mission- street wharf) about 25
mimre's later than at Fort Point; the height
of tid« is the eame at both places.
TUESDAY. AUGUST 30.
Sun ri*es 5:38
Pun eets i;v*" :43
Moor, rises »• m 
r ITimel I Time) ITlxnel ITime
»> I I Ft. I Ft. Ft. Ft.
» |H W| IL W| IH Wj JL W
30 I 1:43 4.2| 7:35 1.71 2:101 i.81 8:20 L5
h 2:S 4 0' 8:12 2.1| 2:40 4. Si »:11 1.4
1 | H-Zl 3.SJ t>:57 2.4; 3:20| 4.9;iO:ia 1.1
NOTE In the above eiposition of the tides
thP earlv morning tlde« are given In the left
hard column and the successive tides of the
i*" ln the crder of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
d*v «c"?t when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The hrights given are in
addlt v~i to the soundings of the United State*
f£a-- r Purvey Charts, except when a minus «— )
ilin' crecedes the height, and then the number
liven is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
The Orcider.tei and Oriental .Steamship Coa-
JJBny's liner Coptic, Captain Armstrong, ar
rived yesterday from the Orient and Is now
in quarantine. Her cabin passeugers. after
bavfac their effects 'umigateJ, were spm to
the Paciflc Maii wharf on a tup. The pttamer
UH) the rert of the paf=.«eng»rs will be released
to-day. The day bt-fore tlie Coptic reached
Hcnolula a Korean Fteerafre passenger died.
An st'JtTfj- portormed at Honolulu, a'ter the
c< -;>artur* of the Hn»r for thin port, showed
that the Korean had b*en suffering with a
mre form of p>cgue. Af'.'-r a careful examina
tion of ?¦verybCKjy on board the quarantine
official? concluded that there was ni danger
of further infection, but to make doubly sure
th«> Coptic «clH be thoroughly fumigated at
the hulk Omaha before rroceedin^ to her dock.
The Coptic's cargo included 755 bales of raw
eilk. 1<;,K77 chests of tea ar.d a large variety
r,? Oriental products. t=he had 3327 tor.s In all.
She broyjht t!~* foliowing passengers:
|". A*^da. Mis* K. Atcmi. Colonel H. H.
Bsr.dhnUz. Mrs. II. H. Bar.dholtz. Miss Carl.
Licufiiint Lloyd H. Chandler <U. S. N.),
Paymaster Charles Conard <X\ S. N.). Sirs.
Char!*? Ccr.ard and tvro children, C. A. A.
DuOok^Se Wit. H. S. Farrish. Dr. F. E. Fre
¦mfcr;t]*>. Thomas P. Gafldis. C. A. Grooves,
Mrs. C A. Grooves and child. Professor H.
liozuir.i. Mip* Lf-o Chi H»e. J. O. Jones. Pro
fe*«or B. KUafato. A. <J. Maniey. J. B. Mor
ton, J. B. Moorffraft. Mrs. Oeor;ri» Nottinirer,
W. H. Pottc. H. R. Roberts. M. Shiohara.
Mrs. j: E. Stubbs, Mifs Suibhe. Master J. C.
Ftutbfi, Cclcnel Wallace Tay'.cr, Mrs. O.
Yeur.r
Coptic in Quarantine.
a £ a c w *3
« _ : s HJ o- £> 3
i nirii »i t
STATIONS. ff »| JJ3 |§ |" £
• r~ e~ • * O
c . e • • a
':??': : :
ORION, Mich., Aug. 29. — Murder
and a dastardly attempt at conceal
ment is the theory of the local police
in the case of Maynard Bixby, whose
mutilated bodv was found on the
Michigan Central Railroad tracks near
Orion early to-day.
Bixby, who was 19 years of age.
lived with his parents in this city. He
was with friends when last seen. He
left them shortly after midnight, sud
denly pulling out his watch as he de
parted and saying that he was going
home. The watch was not found in
the clothing on the dead body and
this fact, coupled with the finding of
a blood-stained stone in the vicinity
of the tragedy, furnishes the evidence
of foul play upon which the police are
working.
Xinctccn-Year-Old Youth Is Thought
to Have Fallen Victim of Foul
Assassination.
MUTIDATKD UODY FOUND
OX MICHIGAN RAILROAD
THK COAST RECORD
riSOth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Aug. 2*.t— 5 r. m.
The following maximum and minimum ttm
peratures are reported for the previous day.
Boston 80-62 New Orleans S4-7t
Cincinnati S0-5B Philadelphia 76-«0
Jacksunvllle S4-72 Washington 74-52
St. Louis 82-416 New York 70-00
SAN FRANCISCO C2— 02.
WEATHER REPORT.
TENERIFFE-Arrived Aug 2fi— Ger stmr
Amapig. hence April 20 for Hamburg
VALPARAISO— Sailed Aug 0— Ger atmr
Serapis. for Hamburg: Aug 25— Dutch ship.
Eurcpa for San Francisco.
LIVERPOOL— Sall.d Aug 27— Br stmr Ali
cante, for Manila
NEWCASTLE. Aus— Sailed July 31— Bktn
Amaranth, for Honolulu. Aug 2 — Br ship My.
lomene. for Acapulco. Aug 3— Br ship Aca
mas. for San Francisco. Aiig 4— Sehr Matthew
Turner, for Eleele; Br ship Owenee for Ore
gon. Aug r»— Schr Honoipu. for Scnta Barbara.
Auk C— Ship Elwell, for San Francisco
Chartered to load— Schr Alpena, gchr Ariel,
ship Emll Reed, bktn Koko Head, Nor shin
Noraatjeren, bktn Omega and bktn T T
Emlgh. for Honolulu; Br ship Ardencraig and
Br bark Dunreggan. for Oregon; Chil bktn
Ar.dromedn, Br ghlp Belford. Fr bark Brenn
Fr bark Canrobrrt. Br ship Clan Graham Br
ship County of Inverness. Br ship Delcalfnie
Fr bark Emma Laurens, bktn Encore Fr bark
Gae lv,,^ hlp Henl 7 Failing. Fr bark 'Marechal
do Villars. Fr bark Marguerite Dollfus Fr
bark Max. Fr bark Renee and bark St James,
for San Francisco.
ADELAIDE— Arrived off July 0— Br bark
kdouard Drtallle. from Cherbourg, and pro
ceeded to Seattle. y
MELBOURNE-Arrivcd Aug 7-Br ship
ClsRie. from Ballard.
_ SUEZ— Arrived Aug 29— Span stmr Isla do
Panay. from Liverpool for Manila
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK-Arrivcd Aug 29-Stmr Kroon
land from Antwerp; stmr Slavonia, from
Naples. Trieste and Flume; stmr Minnehaha.
from London
Arrived Auk 29— Stmr Bovic. from Liverpool;
Ftmr Rotterdam, from Rotterdam; stmr An
chorla. fro.n Glafgow; stmr Bremen, >from
Bremen and Southampton
fiSSffiS54/Sffl AUg 2! >-S'«" Colum
ref aUPd Au * 29— Stmr Pretorian. from Mont
p^^i^ii! Au * 28 - stmr Ham -
QUEENSTOWN (not Liverpool Aug 28)
for'Ne w U Yo?k r Campanla « from L?verpool
Stmr Pennsylvania, from Hamburg for Nen
CHRISTIAXSAND— Sailed Aug 27— Stmr
Willehad. for New York
CIIERBOURG-Sailed Aug 2S-Stm r Koenle
Albert, from Bremen for New York "¦"""'•
GIBRALTAR-Salled Aug 29-Stmr Hohen
zollern. from Genoa and Naples for New Wnr*
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Aug 27— Stmr Nu
midian. for New York • almr Nu
J YOKOHAMA— Arrived Aug 20— Stmr Em
press of Japan, from Vancouver for Hongkong
MANILA— Sailed Aug 22— Br stmr Indra
mayo. for New York
HONOLULU— Arrived Aug 28— Bark San
tiago, hence Aug 11; bktn Irmgard. hence Aug
10; bark R P Rithet* hence Aug 9; schr Alice
Cooke, from Port Gamble.
FOREIGN PORTS.
ISLAND PORTS
DELAWARE BREAKWATER— Arrived Aug
28 — Ship S P Hitchcock, from Honolulu and
ordered to Philadelphia.
NEW YORK— Arrived Aug 2S— Stmr Alas
kan, from Philadelphia.
from Alaska; revenun cutter Grant, from
erfcise; Ger stmr Hathor, from Hamburg. Aug
27 — Stmr Oregonian from New York.
Sailed Aug 20 — |jtmr Ramonn, for Van
couver; revenue cuttr-r Grant, for cruise: stmr
Oregor.fan. for New York via San Francisco.
Sailed Auk 20— Stmr OrcRonian, for Everett.
EVERETT— Arrived Aug 29— Stmr OreRO
n!an. from Taconia, to sail same day for San
Francisco
I'MPQUA- Sailed Aug 27— Schr Louise, for
San Pedro
ASTORIA— Arrive! Aug 29— Br ship Dum
friesshire, from Swansea.
GRAYS HARBOR -Hailed Aus 27— Schr Liz.
zie Vance, for San Francisco; stmr Newburg,
for San Francisco; stmr fanta Monica, for
San Francisco; stmr Chehalis. for San Fran
cisco; ichr Mahukona, for Rodondo.
Arrived Auk 27 — S<-hr Sailor Boy. hence Aui?
10; brig I.urlino. hence Auk 11. Aug 2f> — Schr
Volant, from Rcdondo; stmr Santa Barbara,
hence Aug 25.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Aug 20— Chil
bark Etna Louise, from Iqulque.
Sailed Aug 20— Chil bark Royal Sovereign,
for South America.
EUREKA— Arrivt-d Aug 28— Stmr Xorth
Fork, hence Aug 2li. Aug 20 — Stmr Mandalay,
her.ee Aug 27; stmr South Bay. hence Aug 28;
stmr San Peclrn, hence Aug 28.
Sailed Aug 2S — .Stmrs Samoa and Prentiwi
and schr John A. for San Francisco. Aug 29
— Stmr Pomona, for San Francisco. Aug 27 —
Stmr San Gabriel, for San Pedro.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Aug 20— Stmr Alcatraz,
for San Francisco.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Aug 20— Schr • Oceania
Vance, for San Francisco; stmr Iaqua, for
San Francisco
HEDONDO — Sailed Aug 20— Stmr Asuncion,
for San Francisco; BChr A F Coates. fop Grays
Harbor.
Arrived Aug 29 — Schr Endeavor, from Grays
Harbor
HELLINGHAM— Arrived Aug 29— Schr Vega,
from Golovin Bay.
UNION LANDING — Arrived Aug 29 — Stmr
Fulton, hence Aug 2S.
P.ANDON— Sailed Aug 20— Stmr Elizabeth,
for San FranclFco.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed Aug 29— Schr North
Bend, for San Francisco.
EASTERN PORTS.
LINERS SIERRA AND COPTIC. WHICH ARRIVED YESTERDAY. THE FIRST FROM THE ANTIPODES. THE OTHER FROM
THE ORIENT. ON ACCOUNT OF A SUSPICIONS DEATH ON BOARD DURING THE VOYAGE THE COPTIC IS HELD
IN QUARANTINE, BUT WILL. BE RELEASED TO-DAY.
NEW YORK, Aug. 29.— David B.
Hill's announcement of his retirement
from politics with the end of this year
was discussed by both Democrats and
Republicans yesterday as the political
sensation of the hour. It was agreed
on all sides that Hill must have an ob
ject in this step and the opinion gen
erally expressed was that he had taken
it for the double purpose of relieving
Judge Parker from embarrassment and
of furthering the candidacy c-f John B.
Stanchfield for Governor.
It is known that Hill believes that
Stanchfield is entitled to the Demo
cratic nomination this year after hav
ing run in a year when there was no
hope. Much opposition to Stanchfield
has been manifested on the ground
that he has been so closely associated
with Hill that ho would be controlled
by Hill in ease of his election. Stanch
field realizes this sentiment against
him and he is doing his best to eradi
cate it. He has lost no opportunity to
establish cordial relations with Tam
many Hall In the hope of removing its
distrust. In a speech to-day at the
meeting of the Commercial Travelers'
League at 597 Broadway, he said:
"I read in a paper yesterday that I
have been known as 'Dave Hill's man'
and Grout as 'Pat McCarren's man.*
In 1896 there were people up State who
saw fit to nominate me for Governor
and I was defeated by Tammany. In
1898 I was put up by Tammany and
defeated by the people up State. Now,
in 1904, they say that Tammany is
against me because Hill is said to be
with me. I think these acts show in
dependence of the person in whom the
public places confidence enough to
nominate him for a public office."
Governor Odell was asked what he
had to say regarding the retirement of
Hill. ®
"I am very grateful to him for not
retiring until January 1," he replied.
"William F. Sheehan, chairman of the
Democratic National Executive Com
mittee, and Cord Meyer, chairman of
the Democratic State Committee, re
fused to make any comment on Hill's
course.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SENSATION OF THE HOUR
•
Step Supposed to Have Been
for Purpose of Relieving
Parker of Embarrassment
Democrats and Eepublicans
in New York Discussing
HilFs Intended Retirement
Bad Weather Prevents Oceanic Steamship Company's Liner From
Calling at Pago Pago — Storms Cease After Passing Samoa and
the Latter Part of the Voyage Is Made Under Smiling Skies
H«_r.o'.u!u — Mrs. A. P. Burrell. L.. 8. Auncst
Hev. H. D. Westover. C. S. Hall. C. P. Epani
J. L. P. Robinsor., A. C. Iloblnson. M. A.
Rc&iSiMt, R. A. McWajti', S. A. Jaeger. Mips
M. A. Peatwxjy 6. Makelona G. X. Wllcox,
O. P. Wilcox. M:j£ E. M. Clyd>. Mrs. D.
Sloppy ar.d three children. Miss Bunsh. K.
Htdfma.T. Mis> B. A. Norman, Mr*. J. S. Roes.
F. i\ Kins. Mrs E. J. Culb?rt, Ml?s Culbirt.
V Crawford. J. IX Kennedy. Gus Schuman. K.
li. GI»nn. E. Clarke. Mrs. Clarke. J. C. Len
r.'.I. M. O. Adam. E. E. Paxton. Mrs. W. H.
Connor. A. H Jackson. Mis? T>rry. W. G.
<• <5>«-r. Mls-s Tuell. Mif=s Parkhum. Miss
Ilivharisen George Richardson. J. S. Ross.
Oliver D. Tobin of this city was a
passenger en the liner from Sydney.
Tobin left here on the liner Mongolia.
Ke was then accompanied by a woman
and they traveled on the Pacific Mail
boat a.* Mr. and Mrs. O. D. Sherman.
They returned together, but it was as
Mr. and Mrs. Tobin that their names
appeared en the Sierra's register, al
though Tobin explained to acquaint
anees^ on board that the use of his
name* by the lady was in the nature of
a loan and merely temporary.
Following is a list of the Sierra's
passengers:
Frcn Sydney— A. C. F. Webb, L F. Hass
ir.an. Mis* Harms, Mi5s M. Abbott. P. G.
Sfcaw. Dr. J. \V. Homer. O. Coghlan Mrs.
«\shlan. L. Ljll<jt>, P. Walloran, Mrs. K. H.
L-.tlle. W. A. Johnstcne. Mr*. L.. Kanzee,
Master Kar.>f, Sterr.e Mess. John M. FVrgu
t«I' N. l^rpusori, Jacques Albert Mrs. Albert
IU-v. K. H. Fisher. J. C. McDonald. Mr*. Mc
l>ona.!d. Mrs. Ar.nie Folcpr. E. Ingram, H. tf.
IlOFeathal. Mr?. Uo^enthal. Mr. Tobin, Mrs.
Totin. Miss Jes?*i o Davis. G. E. Conrad.
Auek'.iilid — Iiotwrt J. Hebby. Mrs. Mary
Clarkpon, M!sf Ellen Ciarkscn, Mr. Molptwaux
Mr. Mer.nie, Mrs. Mer.aie. K. M GaskeJI. F.
W. Dohotman. Colonel E. A. Denlcke. E.
<iiover. J. I*. Oor.iRere. Mrs. Donipere. Charles
Karr.chiw. Mrs. Karnshaw. Itev. \V. J. Davlg.
K. J. Owert-.
The Sierra brought a full cargo, many
passengers and shipment ol British
gold valued at $1.75<?.OO0.
The Sierra brought from Honolulu a
number of prominent people, and
among those that came from the Anti
podes were many well-known colonials.
A number of glob'j-trotters also trav
eled 'm the liner.
She arrived here bright and early
yesterday morning, was given prompt
ci^patch in quarantine- and while the
day was still young Captain Houdiette
ran the liner alongside her berth at the
Pacific street whavf with as much dash
?r.d ense as if she had been a navy
launch on her best behavior.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's
liner Sierra. Captain Houdlette. which
arrived yesterday from the Antipodes,
¦ •r.eountervd r.ome terrific weather dur
ing the early pan of her long voyage.
Heavy sales impeded the liner's jour
ney through the Tasman Sea, and two
tlaya aft^r leaving Auckland the ele
ments developed another npell of anger,
i-'rom August 14 to 16 tierce squalls
stirred up terrific seas. The Sierra ar
rived off Paso Piigo at 4 a. m. August
.'•. The sale was howling: at its worst.
C&ptait* Houdiette hove to the steam
hip and waited for four hours in hope
.ha' the storm would moderate. In
.^ttad of clearing, the weather got
worse, and as high peas were breaking
over the reefs it was deemed advisable
:<> omit the call at the Samoan port.
The weather bogan to cleaf August 17,
and for the remainder of the voyage
the sea. was placid and the skies .smil
ing, in Epite of the heavy weather the
Si'-rra kept up with her schedule.
IN SPITE OF SOME TERRIFIC WEATHER
STEAMER SIERRA KEEPS TO SCHEDULE
ANNOUNCEMENT
CAUSES A STIR
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 30, 1904.
7
ADVERTISEMENTS.
is of proven value. Sixty years Is a pretty
good test. No acid, no grit in Sozodont.
The Liquid penetrates the little crevices and
purifies them ; the Powder gives a bright
and polished surface.
S FORMS: LIQUID, POWDER, PASTE.
SOZODOftIT
EXAMINE YOUR DENTIFRICE
Acid and grit, deadliest enemies of the
teeth, abound in cheap dentifrices. Fine per-
fumes do not make fine dentifrices. Your
teeth deserve better of you than to be offered
up a sacrifice to your pocketbook.
f CALIFORNIA j
1 LIMITED TO CHICAGO i
1 LEAVES MONDAYS and THURSDAYS I
3 at 0:30 a. m., tiirou_rli in 3 days, it
3 with Olnex and all trappia_"». \ I
Other Santa Pe Trains i
9 : 30 a! ml 1" tor Stockton. Fresno. Bakersfleld.
8:00 p. m. j Merced. Hanford and Vlaalla.
4:00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City. Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICatTET OFriCES— €41 aiarset SS. anA
Terry Depot, S. F. Also 1113 Broad-
way, Oakland. CaL 37 South Pint St.,
Baa Jose.
/*^f r "t«f % _S v Trains Iestv* »ad ar» da*
to arrl rm a>t
Ma^^a) 8Ay FBAKCISCO.
\<rf** '¦* ¦ \^Y P"k»»t Xftrvt
x s^C \1S f»oot ot Market 8 tree*.)
>"" - main line. -rniTr
7 DO A T-caTTtle. Wlau*i. Bomae »:¦....... 7 SQp
JjBOa B«Dlela. Bltnlraand ft»crsib»nlo.. 7.ZQf
73(U Tallejo. Nap*. Calltioca. Saata
Boaa. Martinet. S-o lUmoo 6 20o
7.J0A Ktlra. Tracy. Laiarop, St^ktoa.^. 7JMJP
IXCa 5b»«:\ Kxpreaa— (Via Darts),
WnUant (for Bsttlett Sj>rtn««),
Willows. tFrulo. Ued Blu2.
Portland. Tacotn*. Seattle... M . 7.50^
I.&0A Davli. Votxllar.d. K-lxMa Laa<ttag,
Marysrll'.e. CWcu. urovU^e _, 7.50?
I-WU Tort Coata. Martinez. ActVocU.
Byroa. Tracy, StocitUni, Xew-
maa, Loa Uanoa, ilendot*,
Annona, Baaford, Vti-lta.
PorterrUla 4.2D»
9-SOa Port Costa. Madeato, Ueraaa,
Freaao. Ooaben Joactltm, Bia-
ford. Vlaalla. BaxenfleM 4.50»
I -50a Hliea, Saa Jeae, LUenaorv, Stock-
too, (tilllton). Iooe, Sacramento,
MarysTtlle. Calc*. Bed BluS .... 420»
SJRSa Osxdale. Chinese, JaBestowa, So-
»or». Tnolnmn* -ad Amreli 4-20;*
8-CQa Atlantic B.xfn'** — OfUanaDdEaau S.20P
8-JCa Etchmocd. U-rtlaex aad TTay
Statlona 8 5C»
10-OOATbc Orerlaad LUnlted — O»<Jem.
Omaha, Calcxca, Deaver, Kaasaa
City. St. Lonis 8 20f»
10-»A YaU«J« 12.20*
m*a* La* Anselea Ttmewger — Pert
Oasta. Martloes, Byroa, Tracy,
LaUjrop. Stockton, Merced,
BariaoDd. Freano. Gealun Jano-
ttoa. H -a ford. Leaooore, VluHa.
Bn^erifleUw. Lot Angeles 7-2C*>
ttMn Hay ward, Kllea aod W»r StaUooa. S2C<*
tl-flOP Sacrtmeato Rl-*«r g»imen 111.00*
3-30P Bealcl*. Wlatert. Baoraaento.
Woodland. Willow*. KaljtUr*
LaadlftK. MaryaTtlta. OrorlU*
and way itaUaoe „ 1060a
*-J0i» Baywd. NUei aa4 Way 3uilooa.. 7 J50(»
4 CCp MskrtloecSdBlUtao*. V*n?Jo,Sa#«,
_--_j CalUtoga. 8_nu Boaa. >, f-20*
4-COp Sflea. Tracy. Sw>cfeu>n. Lodl . . 4-209
4^0^Ha7ward. NUea. Irrlartaa. Sam I t3.50*
Jcao. UTermora „ ) flUlU
B4I0F T1h> Owl i.anlte-— Xawau, Los
Banoa. Meedota. Treaoo. Talart.
BakersSeUL L«s ABgalea. ,_.. M «.50*
15 Wp Hayward, Mies aad San Jose .*... 7.20*
1<00» Oanrard. Nile* and Saa Jose. 8->(U
JOpXaatara Sapresa— Osdea. Oakaba,
Ckleago. Dearer. Kaoaaa City,
St. Lomts, rtv Maniaea. Stoektoa,
Saeramantai. CoHax. Roao 12-80a>
t.Mp ValleJ*. dally. ezc«pt Sunday... . t T •..
?_»•• Taflsjo, Sunday oal^..._V7 f 7-5a *
JMw Bl-ksDoad. saa Psbto. Pen Coeta,
MarOaea ssd Wsy Station* TUBA
FJtPSeae Psaaeager-Poet Coata. Sa>
•aa. Klartra. Davta. 8aoracp«ata,
Trwckee, Lake Tihae. Sana,
Tatw»ab. Sparka . 7-SO*
WOtmron Co««a. MarMaaa. Byroa.
Tracy, L-tbrop, iiodoito,
Merced, Berenda. rreano aad
Wsy SUMens beyead ran Cesta U.tDr
IOSp Toaemlte Valley, rla Bereada sad
Wawoaa . 8. 50*
MM* Kantses. Traey. Btockioa . . tO-SLa
IMP Oreseo * Colrf orn-v Rapreaa flao-
ntmento, ataryaTllle, Baddtsc
rertlaad. Pan«t Bova4 -»4 K»»u 850*
B.TtP Hayward, Ktlaa sod Saa Jo«a t»^
dayosiy) . 11Jft%
COAST LINE W*rrww toafe).
¦ (Toot of Market Street.) m
"7 -45a aaata. Oros Bxc-raioXSoaday only) 8-1 0s»
S-16A Newark. CaoterrUla. Saa Joo«,
Felton. BoalddT Creak. Bta-Baalm,
SaaCA Cms aad Way StaUoas... 6 65p
tt-IBA Arvarado. Kewsrx, Saa Jose, Lee
Oato«,01ca wood. Fe! ton. BoaMer
Creek. Big'Basln. Saata Craa.... J.13»
tClfia* Vewsrk, Centerrllle. 8*a Jose,
New Alssaden.Loa Oatoa.reltoa,
Bowlder Crnek, Santa Cm aad
Prlu«Jpal War 8t_Uon» „ tt) 55*
4.16* Hewark. hi Jaae. Loa Gatoe r3-65A
4.1 Bp WriKbt, Boulder Creek aad Saata
Crtu, 8t tarday sad Sunday ooly. »8 55*
COAST LINE (ttre.4 Uaace).
UT (Third and Vownaeed Straeta.)
"f.lOA Ban Jeae anTway SUttona. t-30*
t7 00a Saa Jose and Way Statlona. 5.4CP
7.16a Monterey and Santa Cros Kxeor-
•loc (Sn-day only) 10-30i»
800a Hew Almodea (Tues- Frtd.. on!y), 4.10*
I OCa The Coaiter— Saa Joae, Ss'.lasa,
Saa Ardo. Fin Rabies. Saata '
Margarita, San Lsl* Oblspo. Saata
Barbara. San Bnenarentura.
MontalTo. Oxaard, Barbank. Los
Angelea . 1D-43»
t.OOA Gilroy. Holllvter. Caatrovnie. Del
Monte, Pacific Grore, Surf. Loni-
poc 1045*
t.OOA 8«a Josa. Trea Plnos.WsuonTtlle,
Capltola. Saut.i Cru, Pactac
QroTA. Sallaaa San I.nta ublspo
and Principal vr«y SuUona. ... 4-10*
10 30a San Joae and Way Statlona 1.23t»
U 30a b»nu» Clara. San Joie, Loa datos
and Waj Station* 7.30o
UOp San Joteanrt Way StoUona 3 Ha
U COp Det Monte KxpreM (except 9aa-
day) — Santa Clara,^8«a Joae,
'Watsonvtlle, Santa Crnz. Pel
Houta. If onterey. Pact tie Grore. tl 2. 13#
|JC» Barllnome, San Joie. Qt!roy. Hot-
l.st'er. Iru Plnoa.PaJaro.WaUon-
?llle. Capltola, Saata Cruz. Cas-
trovl!le.8alla»», PacincGrore... 10.45a
4 .30 P fan Jo«e aad Way Stations tSOOA
', t6 OOP Eanta Clara, Ran Joee, Lo* Gatot.
Y/rlght and principal Way dta-
Uoua (excrpt SundiT) t9-C3A
|5-30p banJoitranilPrlucI^nlWarSt-ttona {3.4C*
• 4&P bnBMt Espre»!i.— Kedwood. Saa
Joae.GUroy.Sailnaii.Paao 11. !»«•».
San Luis Ublapo, >»ui.i Barbara.
L«* Antsele*. I>»mlnz. Kl Pssa
New Orleans. New York 710*
8.4SP Psjsro, WatsoBTfllc. Cspltols, » .,. -_
S*oU Cruz. CastroTlile. Del>-|32f?*
Monte, Poclflc Orore ', T 10.4SP
16-15? &auldateo,Bereaford.Belinonl.8-a
Carloa. Ke.lwiKxt. Fair OaJca.
ManloParlc P-!u Alto „.. t8.48*
6 30p San Jc*e and Way Sc*iloni. ........ S 35*
800p Palo Alto and W«y Station* IS-ISa
11.30p Boai.SanFra&ctaco. Mlllbrae. Dur-
¦ > ¦- Hngame. San Mst'o, DelmoD^
Una Carloa. Uedwood. Fair Oa_»
Meulo Park, and Palo Alto 9.45*>
*11 30" Mayaolil. Atuonutn View. Sonny-
Tale. Lawrence, Santa Clara aad
an Jose ».4Sp
A for Morning. P tor Afternoon. "
t Sunday excepted. t Sundar only -
* fistorday only- ft Moaday oatt.
CALIFORNIA KORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
UN HANGISCO km HORTH PAMRJ
EAILWATf COMPAJSTY.
Tiboxon Perry. Foot ot SSaxket street
12:35. 2:20. 3:40. 0:10. 6:60. C:30 and U.3«
p. m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:30 p. ra.
SUNDAYS— 7:30 S:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. ra.: 1.30.
2:30 3:40. 5:10. 6:30. 11:30 p. ra.
11:15 a. m.; 12:50. t2:00. 3:40. 5:00. 6:2ft.
tt:25 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:43 p. ra.
SUNDAYS — 6:50 7:35, 9:20. 11:15 a. m.: i.«e.
3:40, 4:50, 5:00. 5:20, «J:25. 7:50 p» m.
tExoept Saturday.
Leave I In ESect J Ar^, ve
San Fran. I May 1. 100*. I San Fraa-_
Week I Sun- j rte.Una- I Sun- I WeeJt
Days. ] days. I tlon. | days. | Days.
7-30 a ~ 1:45 a 7:45 a
-¦10 a viifla S:40a 8:40a
2:30 p 2:30 p f-™P «;^ g
6:10 p 5:10 p | : .|0p 7.25 p
8:45 p
-.on _ 7 .o 0 a 7:45 a 7:45 a
230 p 9:30 a Petaluma 6:20 p 6.20 p
510 p 2:30 p and 7:23 p 7:23 p
6:10 p Santa Roaa. 8:45 p
7:30 a 7:30 a 1 ? :^ al 2 :^*
8:00 a 8:00 a Fulton. 7:25 p «:20 p
2:30 p 2:30 p 8:45 p 7:13 p
"Windsor.
7 :30 a 7 :30 a Healdsburg. 10:20 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
2:30 p 2:30 p Geyserville. |»:23p 7:25 p
Cloverdala. I <
7:3Oa[ 7:3Oal Hopland 110:20 a!10:20 a
2:30 pi 2:30 p( and Uklah. [ 7:25 p[ 7:23 p
I I Wllllta. ) I
7:30a|7:30a| Sherwood. I 7:25 p| 7:25 p
8-00 a! 8-00 at Guernevllle and 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p( 2:3OplCamp Vacation. I 8:45 p| 6:20 p
"sIbTa~8T00l """ 8:40 a 8:40 a
6 10 p 9:30 a Sonomst 6:00 p 8:i0p
} 6:10 p Olen Ellen. 8:45 p
7 :30 a! 7:30lij 110:20 a!10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| SebastopoL I 7:25 p[ 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Santa Rosa for White
Sulphur Springs and Mark West Springs; at
Fulton for Burke's Sanitarium; at Lytton for
Lytton Springs: at Geyservllle for Skaggs
Springs: at Cloverdale for the Geysers, Boone-
vtlle and Greenwood: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle, Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Borings; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, Upper Lake. Porao, Potter Valley,
John Day's, Riverside. Lierley's, Buckneira,
Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville. Orr*s Hot
Eprtngs, Halfway House. Comptche, Camp
Stevens. Hopkins. Mendocino City, Fort Brags.
Westport, Uaal: at Willlts for Fort Bragg.
Westport, Sherwood. Cahto, Covelo, Layton-
ville. Cummins, Bell's. Springs, Harris, Olsena,
Dyer. Garbervllle, Pepperwood, Scotia and
Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays — Round-trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office. 650 Market street. Cbronlcla
building.
JAS. L. FRAZIER, R. X. RYAN,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
To SAN RAFAEL.
HP^Hl ROSS VALLEY,
l^gwmz MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc,
Tla Sauiallto Terry.
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart from S=an Francisco, week days, at
8-30 7:10. 7:45, 8:30. 9:15. 10:00. 11:00 aV m.
lil-40 *- m- Sausallto only). 12:20. 1:43. 3:13.
i-lW 4:35. 6:15. 5:50. 6:25. 7:16. 9:00. 10:20.
li-35 p. m. Sundays and legal holiday* depart
it 7 10. 7:«. 8:30. 8:15, 10:00, 11:00. J_TJ O
a m, 12:20. 1:00. 1:45. 2:30, 3:15, 4:00. 4:33
6:15. 5:50. 6:25. 7:15, 8:15. 8:00. 10:20. lljaj
P *A?rrva at San Francisco, week days, 6-17
7-00 £s57 8:13. 8:45. 9:33, 10:20. 11:05 a. _i*
12^05 1-25. 2:50. 3:35. 4:2O. 8:08. 6:40. 6-W
6-55 '7:55. 10:05. 11:25 p. ra On Sundays ani
legal holidays extra trains arrive at 12:45. a!2>.
c .^a n in
For Fairfax, week days, depart at 7:43 a. ra.
d m., 5:15 p. m. (ex. Sat.). On Sundays
and legal holidays at 7:43, 8:30. 9:18. vi-<g
uV. U:40 a. m., 12:20. 1:00. 1:43. 2:3O, 7 ai
nnd 8 13 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7-45 a. m- dally— Cazadero and way station*
9:15 a. m. Sundays only— For Point Keyeai
etc.
3:13 P- m. dally except Sunday — For Caza-
dero, etc.
5:15 p. *n. dally except Saturday and Sun-
day — For Point Reyes, etc.
7:16 p. ra.. Sundays only — For Point Reyes,
etc.
8:15 p. m.. Sundays only — For Cazadero. eta
TICKET OFFICE— 620 Market st.
FERRY — Union Depot, foot of Market st.
Mt. Tawalpais Railway
Lr*T« ff» .Vns»lit« Ferry Arrive
San Francisco 9**t »f B>rttt St. 8an Frandso*
Week San- _ggL__. Sun- Week"
Day§. days. _*JfS»HB«X. days. Days.
! a'30l m_fg_|^B r-TiTT 5^**!
10:00a 11:00a \3F»_«_2if 3:35 r 3:35 p
1:45 r 12;20 r 6:40 r 6:15 i
1:15 p 1:45 p 6:16 r 10:05 i
4:36r 8:50 r
•TtaBnuttTCw. » Tamlyab U 1X1 Trilty.
ticKKT 1626 Makkkt St. (North fthont Rallroadj
OrnCKS tand Sapsautq Fbrry. foot Martetat.
Woman
i^m^i\vVvA\\Ki *» Interested an.l shonld know
/wJM»i\S->>Wn_ a»>o»t the wonderful
tt\\s\\S'f\H MARVEL Whirling Spray
l!iViSk>*^8SS*i\lThe new t_»ImI s r ri.«. Jmee-
vK^V^CiSU^^ lion and Surtion. B«8t-S_f-
x N vcr i vT i7^ i; i'a^> **'— M "" Convenient.
L %ZpJ'l Utl«taw«lMi«jt^.
A«k To»r<Jrnpijl«t for It. >y. __j_^ ¦_ 1 1^— **¦»
If h* i-anntt supply the V'v «S^K/~{/!'.'*'' / » i s^
other, but Mnd stamp for 5!*,, f~ r "'/''/>,\j
¦ illustrated book- »»«»»<U It sires \V / "viar _
fiill particulars and rtirertton* in- __>. / JB -
TAlnable to ladles. JiJAUVKL,CO.,nSJ. a
41 Park now. New York. stmyjIW
152 New Montgomery, San Francisco. Cal.
William HattvToth (Indies' Dept.). 221 Sutter.
Union Drue Co.. 400 Sutter and 100 Stockton.
Oscrood Brothers. . .7th and Broadway. Oakland.
Baldwin Pharmacy .' »119 Kills
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
6129 EEABXT ST. Established
In 1H5-I for the treatment of Private
Dlaeaaes, Lnat Manbond. Debility or
<li<w>as*> wearinfon body anil mind and
Skin Discuses. The Doctor cures when
others fail. Try him. l'harge» low.
rure*caarnnteed. Call or write.
Dr. J. JF. OIBDOM, Sail Francisco. Cal
_^^; KAI1WAT TSAJTEZ.. ; . ,
I l^SI TOURIST SLEEPERS |
I aBBBaa FOR ST. LOUIS I
I DATES: 1
II AUGUST 18. 19. g
11 SEPTEMBER 1, 2, 5, 6, 7. 8, 19. 20. 28. 29. A
II OCTOBER 3. 4. 5. 6. 19. SO. 26. 27. --J
I FROM SAM FRAMCISCO: I
H On Southern Pacific train No. 4 at 9 a. m., with day- h
|! light ride through Salt Lake City and Scenic Colorado, ||
|| over Rio Grande Railway. All sleepers carried via |j
§* Denver, thence East on the Burlington's fast through 8
y trains to St. Louis. A standard through sleeper to St. H
Louis every day at 6 p. m. Same route. fj
RATES: I
I All the low Special World's Fair Excursion Rates P
authorized from California points apply for these Bur- H
lington Excursions; other Excursions on frequent [\
L dates to Chicago. H
or write H
General Ajrent. W. D. SAUBOSS. Bnrlinsrton Ticket Office. -1
€31 MA2EST ST. (trader PaUce. Hotel). tj
San Francisco. [IMiss Alice Roosevelt, who has been
the suest of Mr. and Mrs. Ogden Mills
since her arrival at Newport, is now
with Mr. and Sirs. Cornelius Vander
bilt, who have given several grand din
ners for lier. These were the most
elaborate dinner parties that the Presi
dent's daughter has attended there this
season. \
MISS ALICE ROOSEVELT. NOW AT
NEWPORT. (COPYRIGHT PHOTO
GRAPH EY COLLIER'S WEEKLY.)
Persian colors In embroideries and
brocades cannot die. '
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by th*
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cal*
ifornla street. T*Iepfcone Mb In 1943, •
Townsend's California Glace fruits in
artistic fire-etched boxes. 715 Market St.*
Satirical.
"I could make up with Billinger all
right if he wasn't so deuced satirical.
But he keeps the chasm open between
us." • ¦•Cv^-.'v
"What chasm?"
"Yes," interrupted young Poorley
with refreshing candor. "I admit I am
destitute, but that very fact is my rea
son." — Philadelphia Press.
Reason Enough.
"What! marry my daughter?"
snorted old Gotrox. "Why, you must
be destitute of all reason "
Eminent surgeon (absent mindedly)
— I don't know. I haven't decided
yet. — Life.
Eminent surgeon — I operated on
Mr. Bullion for appendicitis to-day.
His wife — Dear me! J wonder who
will have it next!
All in His Hands.
Little Amzi (whp has an Inquiring
mind)— Uncle Tim— I saw the word in
the newspaper— what is the "curricu
lum" of a college? ; V;^
Uncla. Timrod (promptly)—Curricu
lum, eh? Why, that's what them 'ere
mop-headed college students comb their
hair with.— Puck.
Ills Interpretation.
Tommy— Tryin' to keep a little boy
from bein' licked.
Papa — Ah, a brave deed! Who was
the little boy?
Tommy— Me.— Chicago Dally News.
Papa— How did you get your clothes
so terribly torn? ..V;'»
Ills Own Protector.
"I guess that's right." answered Mr.
Cumrox. "My daughter sits down at
the piano and tries to kill a few of
'em every evening. But it's no use.
Washington Star.
"There are some songs that will
never die," said the musical enthu
siast. •'":'
His Experience.
or. de 'Parker' to 'Primrose,' 'cordin' to
how de 'lection goes." — Washington
Star.
PRESCRIBED TO MAKE YOU LAUGH
• A New York society belle, summering in Yellowstone Park, recently
•decided to show her mettle by holding up a stage at 'the point of a gun,
but fainted when the driver Was unmannerly enough to draw his own wea
pon, and she was consequently saved the pain of being shot. The New York
young lady's escapade was but a laudable attempt to vary the ennui of ex
istence that presses so heavily upon some of our unemployed aristocracy, and
had, besides, all the charm of novelty. One would suggest, however, that in
the future she adheje faithfully to the joys of monkey dinners or the "bal
b!anx" — pastimes none the less elevating to the soul and attended by less
One Qualification.
. "Yes, sir," declared the man with
uncombed whiskers, "if Thomas Jef
ferson was here to-day he'd be a
Populist."
"Even as it is," replied the sane
man, "he might properly be a Popu
list. He's dead enough." — Catholic
Standard and Times.
¦'-V--'.-' , +
Acting upon the vigorous protest of the St. Louis Society for the Pre
vention of Cruelty to Animals, the directors of the Philippine exhibit have
decreed that henceforth dog be stricken from the menu "of the vjsiting
Ygorrotcs. While this works some hardship upon the daintily clad island
ers, the greatest grief will come to those curious ones who have felt that
the trip to St. Louis was unprofitable without a view of the dog-eaters in
all their gustatory ccstacies. It would appear that the local manufacturers
of the succulent frankfurter alone profit by the deal.
All Figured Out.
Sanford — So you are going to get
married! Have you considered the
cost, my boy?
Merton — Oh, I've got nothing to do
with that. Her father pays for every
thing but the carriages and flowers. —
Brooklyn Life.
The unfortunate man who spent several years of his life as an inmate
of an insane asylum studying law that on his liberation he might battle in
court with his fancied enemies, the lawyers, illustrates patheticallly the evil
PQ-ver that lies in an infatuation for an idea. Any man who believes he can
best a lawyer at his own game needs a protector.
A Problem l n Cancellation.
"Have you named the baby?"
"Yass, indeed," answered the colored
woman. "We done named him Roose
velt Parker Simpson. Aftuh while -we
kin change de 'Reosevelf to 'Rastus*
GOLDEN GATE PARK CROSS— A.
Q-. City. The history of the cross in
Golden Gate Park, "near the park
driveway north of Strawberry Hill."
the gift of the late George W. Childs.
is expressed on the face of the monu
ment, which is as follows: "A memo
rial of the service held on the shore of
Drake's Bay about St. John the Bap
tist's day, June 24, 1579. by Francisco
Fletcher, priest of the Church of Eng
land, chaplain of Sir Francis Drake,
chronicler of the service." The monu
ment also has the following Inscrip
tion: "First use of the Book of Com
mon Prayer in our country. One
of -*^- the first recorded mission
ary prayers on our continent."
The cross S3 fifty-seven feet
high, standing upon a pedestal seven
teen feet six inches square and seven
feet In height. The cross Is composed
of sixty-eight pieces of stone aggre
gating 600.000 pounds In weight. The
arms are formed of eight pieces, each
weighing 24.000 pounds. There are ten
stones In the cross that are larger than
the largest stone in the famous pyra
mid of Oheops. The cross was un
veiled January 1. 1S94.
Somehow leather trimmings don't
seem right on fur. Thi3 shorn pelt is
an insult to that which retains its
lovely growth.
A new motor veil designed to wear
with a brown straw toque is of white
chiffon embroidered all over in scroll
patterns in brown silk, with appliques
of decoupe brown velvet.
New Motor Veil.
CELESTIAL EMPIRE— A subscrib
er, city. China is called the Celestial
Empire because the first Emperors
were all celestial deities; as Puon Ku
(highest eternity), Tien Hoang (Em
peror of heaven). Gine Hoang (Em
peror of men), and others, embracing,
according to Chinese records, SOO.OOfl
years previous to To HI. -whose reign
Is placed at B. C. 2933-2S3S. Celestial,
as applied to the inhabitants of China,
is from the name Celestial Empire.
In the Palace of Agriculture is an
other log cabin associated with the
name of another distinguished Presi
dent—Theodore Roosevelt. This struc
ture has been brought from the plains
of North Dakota. It was Roosevelt's
horfie during the years 1SS3-86. when,
seeking the open prairies in search of
health, he settled down \s a cattle
rancher on- the banks of the Little
Missouri River, eight miles south of
Medora, in the heart of a romantic
region then abounding with big game.
Within the cabin are shown some of
his old possessions— well-worn overalls,
for example, now humorously labeled
"Roosevelt's Sunday trousers " the fa
vorite rocker in which he wrote "Hunt
ing Trips "of a Ranchman," and the
huge seat hewn out of a log in which
he rested outside after many a hard
day's work and watched the sun go
down. One of the logs that form the
hut shows a Maltese Cross. Roosevelt's
particular cattle brand, fashioned with
cartridge shells driven into the wood
with his own hand. Since coming to
St. Louis the cabin has acquired fur
ther interesting associations, for the
silver plate on the door was nailed
there by the President's daughter, and
her initials in brass-headed nails stud
one of the logs not far from the cross
made by her father twenty-years be
fore, when no one dreamed that he
would yet live to be the President of his
country.— Edmund Mitchell In The
World To-Day for September.
RELICS OF PRESIDENT
ROOSEVELT AT THE FAIR
ANARCHIST— J. T. t citj-. The fact
that a man "is a pronounced anarchist
but is wealthy would not prevent the
authorities from denying, him permis
sion to land in the United States. The
Government has a right to protect
itself from the presence of men danger
ous to the .welfare of. the country-
WEATHER— R. W. B.. Walker. Ari*.
For reports of weather in California.
Oregon, Washington, etc., address a
letter to the United States, Department
of Agriculture. Weather Bureau, Wash
ington. D. C. The department will ad
vise you of the cost of such publica
tions.
ATTENDANCE— A. O. S.. Sebastopol.
Cal. If you will write to the secretary
of the "World's Fair Commission. St.
Louis, he can inform you who would
be willing, for a consideration of
course, to furnish you daily the at
tendance at the fair.
THE plant garden of the Agricultural Department at Chico is already
in receipt of valuable and interesting stock. Mr. Swingle of the de
partment found a fine and large pistachio nut growing in Syria, where
it takes the place of the almond. Unlike the almond, it is not an early
bloomer, and so would escape the rains which often destroy an almond crop
?by preventing pollination of the flowers.
Mr. Swingle, being familiar with the climate of California, found it to so
ncayly resemble that of Syria as to make it possible to add this valuable
tree to our nut production. He found some good pistachio trees already
bearing in Alameda County, and at once initiated measures to introduce the
Syrian tree. The stocks for grafting have been grown in the department
gardens in Washington, and, being well rooted, a large consignment has been
bent to the Chico garden. There the plants to furnish buds and wood for
grafting will be produced, and the Pistachio Atlantica, from Algiers, will be
then planted as nursery stock for budding and grafting.
The terebinth, or turpentine tree, growing in Italy, is also botanically
allied to the pistachio, and is used for grafting stock. There .is no doubt
but the Chico garden will be the means of effectually introducing pistachio
here, and it will prove a very valuable crop, as the nut is useful in making
confectionery as well as for consumption like the almond.
The Sacramento Bee says that the garden is also in receipt of the Cara
tonia silujua, an edible tree bean. The tree is evergreen, with beautiful foli
age, and grows to a height of forty feet. The crop of beans is large, and the
P">e*ns are not only food for man, but are valuable for stock, eaten pod and
11. Another variety, the Longissimo siliqua, furnishes the St. John's bread,
the bean and pod being sugary. A shipment has also been made of the
Afceria caflfra, said to be the most valuable hedge plant known. It comes
from the Cape of Good Hope, and besides being a fine hedge plant and wind
break bears an edible fruit resembling the crab apple, which is extensively
•used" for jam, marmalade, jelly and sauce. Many other plants are already re
ceived at the garden, where a fumigating plant is being put in to guard
against the introduction of plant diseases and noxious insects.
In a little time the plant garden will attract visitors from all over. the
countrj', for it may easily become the most interesting station of the kind
rh the world.
THE PLANT GARDEN.
JOHNSTOWN FLOOD— J. L. C.
Lake Tahoe, Cal. The town of Johns
town. Pa., was destroyed by a flood
caused by the breaking of a dam on
South Fork Creek May 31, 1SS3.
It was not necessary for a doctor to
substantiate her testimony. Sidders
said Miss Anderson did the hugging.
She, hugged him so hard, he says, that
she broke her arm and rib.
The champion lover has been discov
ered in Chicago. He is Henry Sidders,
and in a Justice's Court he acknowl
edged the ardent nature of his wooing
and paid $3 So court costs. He was
charged by Emma Anderson of 19 Daw
son street with having hugged her so
tight that he broke her arm and frac
tured one of her ribs. He was also
charged with kissing Maggie Elton so
fervently that part of her cheek came,
away with his teeth.
"I never felt anything like it," said
Miss Anderson. "First he put one arm
around me, and I felt. a sharp pain in
my right arm. Then he put both arms
around me and put on full steam, and
I felt one of my ribs crack."
Dr. E. H. Wherritt testified that what
she said was correct.
"Why," said Emma, "he is worse
than a bear for hugging."
Then came Miss Elton, who said that
Sidders had a way of showing his af
fection which was not all his own. "I
permitted him to kiss my cheek," she
said, "but he took such a bite I thought
he would devour me. I was never kissed
that way before. He bit a large piece
out of my face."
WINDY CITY* LAYS CLAIM
TO CHAMPION LOVER
BLOSSOM ROCK— A. L. D., Berke
ley, Cal. Blossom Rock in the bay of
San Francisco, which was a menace
to navigation, was blown up April 27,
1ST0.
1
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
If I some weakness could detect.
Some speck or flaw;
If something in him not correct
I only saw.
My just resentment I'd abate;
I even might
Be friendly, but a man I hate
Who's always right.
— Chicago News.
He would forgive me now, I'm sure —
He always did.
That's why I never could endure
Him as a kid.
He so magnanimously threw
On me that blight.
It maddened me, because I knew
That he was right.
As we were playmates in our youth
I know him well.
I never liked him, if the truth
I have to tell.
Though he was ever sweet and mild —
An angel quite —
And in our small disputes the child
Was always right.
We had a little difference
Some years ago.
Of sorrow I made no pretense.
Although I know
That in the squabble I displayed
Forbearance slight.
Well. I wad Wrong. I am afraid.
And he was right.
HE'S UNENDURABLE.
true they are for sure n nd any woman
can bear testimony that the effect of
good clothes is more than an outward
and visible one — it is far more, it is an
inward spirituality bolstering up of
one."
"I have known a new gown to make
the most disconsolate Mrs. Gummidge
cheer up and take an interest in life; I
have known a new hat to get an al
most hopeless invalid out of bed and
on her feet when her family had long
since given up all hone of her recovery.
The effect of good clothes on the self
respect cannot be overestimated.
"Perhaps some psychologist will arise
some day to tell us why these things
are true. I can't explain them, but
"If you want to know the best rem
edy for the blues," said a thoughtful
girl to a companion, "I'll tell you. It
isn't to take a walk, nor to read aloud
to an invalid, nor to take a course of
Mark Twain, nor to buy a pound of
chocolates and eat them all yourself —
it Is something even simpler than these
remedies. I learned about it from a
person who said that, while she had
often been threatened with the blues,
she had really never had an attack of
them because she always used the cure
before melancholy had pot a hold on
her," says the Philadelphia Times.
"Well, not to keep you in suspense
any longer, the way to cure the blues
if you have them and to stave them
off if you feel them coming un is to
put on all your best clothes and wear
them until the spasm passes off. The
girl who told me about this said that
no sooner did she perceive that she was
beginning to think what an unsatisfac
tory world this was and no sooner did
she fee! that all was vanity than up to
her room she rushed in a hurry.
"Once there, she would arrange her
hair as elaborately as possible and put
on the best petticoats— if silk, so much
the better — the best gown, collar, hat
and veil that she possessed. A pair of
fresh white gloves, she said, she found
a great efficacy in raising the spirits.
Then she would «ro out to walk and as
she walked the beneficent effect of her
good clothes would make itself felt and,
though she was in the depths when she
started, by the time she turned back
she was feeling that all was not as
black as it was painted and when she
arrived at her own door she was as
confident that 'God's in his heaven,
all's right with the world,' as she could
be.
MISS ROOSEVELT
GUEST OF HONOR AT
NEWPORT DINNERS
WANT TO DRIVE BLUES AWAY?
WEAR A NEW DRESS OR HAT
Edna May, -who has arrived in the
United States bv this time, will proba
bly have made it known that A. E. W.
Mason, author of "The Four Feathers,"
has written a plav for her use. This,
of course, is Mason's second bid for
fortune as a dramatist, the first being
his adaptation of his own story "Miran
da of the Balcony" for Mrs. Fiske. An
other popular novelist who is giving
us a play for the first time is. however,
Mrs. Elinor Glyn. who wrote "The Vis
its of Elizabeth." Her play, a comedy,
has been accepted bv a London man
ager, but it is too early yet to say
anything definite regarding it. Arthur
Morrison, author of "A Child of the
Jago," has been urged many times to
try his hand at writing for the stoge,
always hitherto without success. Now,
however, assisted by Herbert Sargent,
Morrison has made one of his "Tales
of Mean Streets" into a plav which is
called "That Brute Simmons." Cyril
Maude will appear in It later in the
season.
Once more Gabriele d'Annunzio is in
a temper. He lost patience several
months, ago, it may be remembered,
over the way in which disaster seemed
to dog his footsteps in connection with
the production of his play, "The
Daughter of Jorio." Then, hovyever, he
had good reason .for vexation, for it
really looked as if fate had decided that
his drama never should see the li^ht.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE CALL.
5 HENRIETTA STREET, COVENT
GARDEN, LONDON, Aug. 16.— During
the coming season several English
story writers of note are going to try
their luck with plays, sn spite of the
ill fortune that has attended most ex
periments of this kind up to date. One
of the latest victims of the rule to
which J. M. Barrie is so brilliant an
exception was Max Pemberton, whose
maiden plav, "The Finishing School."
had a speedy finish. Most people will
wish H. G. Wells better luck. For the
first time the author of "The Time Ma
chine" has written a play v.hich James
Welch has accepted and which will be
tried early in November. All parties
are secretive as to the exact theme of
this work, but \l can be said that there
aren't arij- Martians, invisible men. or
giants in it. The play Is, in fact, in
Mr. Wells' other manner— that which in
spired those two charming romances,
"Love and Mr. Lewisham" and "The
Wheels of Chance." Something has
been said already about the play by
W. W. Jacobs, author of "The Skip
per's Wooing." which Cyril Maude will
produce at the New Theater. Its title
is "Beauty and the Barge," the beauty
being Jessie Baten.an, who was so
much admired at home when she ap
peared with Charles Hawtrey in "A
Message From Mars."
PLAY FOR EDXA MAY.
Beerbohm Tree is to reopen Hi3
Majesty's with one of his elaborate
Shakespearean revivals, "The Tem
pest" this time: but playgoers are more
Interested in the new piece by Stephen
Phillips, which is to follow it. Phil
lips Is a slow and conscientious worker
and nothing whatever has come from
him since the production of "UIysse3"
over two years aso. It was known
that he had a new play under way.
and now it seems that Nero la the
hero of it, "even a3 Herod was the cen
tral figure of one of Phillip's other po
etic dramas. The theme is full of pos
sibilities, few of which are likely to
have been missed by the author of
"Paolo and Francesca."
Henry** Hubert Da vies, author of
"Cousin Kate," probably has got tired
of being referred to as the youngest
of playwrights and will be glad to sur
render the title. He will have to, any
how, for here is Reginald Kennedy-
Cox, who, at twenty-two, has a brace
of plays accepted for early production
in London. Until recently this youne
man was an undergraduate In Oxford
University. Ever since he was a lad.
however, he has been stage-struck and
has spent every vacation playing small
parts in provincial touring companies.
Thus he got a knowledge of stage tech
nique. One of his plays la *o be pro
duced at the Royalty, Mrs. Patrick
Campbell's London theater, at the end
of the present month. It Is called
•The Chetwynd Affair." and will be
under the direction of Gilbert Hare.
Kennedy-Cox's other effort, a four-act
comtdy. has been accepted by Miss
Beryl Faber and will be seen In the
provinces shortly, and brought to Lon
don later on.
YOUNGEST OP PLAYWRIGHTS.
Duse deserted at the last moment,
quarrels arose between the other mem
bers of the cast, the leading man sud
denly was taken sick, accidents befe!:
two of the artists engaged in painting
thf- scenery, and other misfortunes fol
lowed. However, the piece was given
at last, made a hit, and has been run
ning ever since.
Not Ions ago it struck Scarpetta, the
Neopolitan comic actor, that there
would be money in a travesty on th?
D'Annunzio play and accordingly h«
set to work on one which he meant to
call "The Son of Jorio." Of course as
soon as he heard of it D'Annunzio was
up in arms and he denounced Scarpetta
in a letter to the newspapers. The
comedian repiied by demanding to
know if D'Annunzio had copyrighted
the entire Jorio family, and a lively
correspondence has followed. In which
it must be confessed the distinguished
playwright has had rather the worst
of it. Now he threatens legal proceed
ings to prevent Scarpetta from produc
ing his travesty.
To an American the whole suggestion is revolting' Here the people
have rights that individual rulers did not give, cannot enlarge and are
powerless to take away. We are not looking beyond ourselves for acts of
grace and mercy. The birth of a son in any of our homes is the
coming of a man to be a sovereign among sovereigns, the equal of millions
of rulers of an empire greater than the Czar's. The birth of an American
bo^' is of more significance to the world than the coming of a dozen sons to
the Czar. The American boy is in bi> cradle a potential defender of the
inalienable rights of man. The Czar's son. clad in purple and given titles
with his nursing bottle, is a potential oppressor of human beings and a
born* defender of the tyranny of the few over the manv.
a LL the world has been informed of the exceeding grace and mercy of
/\ the Czar shown to his subjects on the occasion of the baptism of his
<**• son, the future autocrat of all the Russias. By imperial ukase, and of
his own will, as the sole source of human rights in his empire, he abolished
the use of the knout, remitted certain fines and relieved some provinces of
the punishment of the innocent for evasions of military duty for which they
were not responsible.
The Russian press has hailed these acts of grace with a chorus of
ascription to the tyrant of the empire. The rest of the world, and especially
the people of the nations who are free, have received a fine object lesson in
the difference between autocracy and freedom. Especially in this country
and in England the people have been long accustomed to enjoyment of the
rights of man. entrenched in the law of the land and beyond the meddling
reach of any ruler.
This came about by recognition of the existence of certain inalienable
rights in man, natural rights, which neither, those who enjoy them nor those
who wou3d take them away can alienate, limit, or destroy. The history of
civilization is the history of this development of the law as a system to
protect natural rights and leave man secure in their employment. It is a
system that grew from the people outwardly and upwardly and did not
descend upon them as the gift of a man like themselves. But for a thousand
years, from Rurik to Nicholas, the people of Russia have had none of the
rights of humanity, except as a gift from the Czar. Their homes are not
inv:o!<To!e, their propertjf is not their own, their personal rights are limited,
snd they have lived froni age to age subordinated, dependent and. oppressed,
sometimes receiving from one Czar privileges which another Czar has taken
away.
The Czar considers himself not bound by solemn treaties entered into
by "bis predecessors to secure the allegiance of peoples brought under the
rule of the empire. In the Grand Duchy of Finland the Finns were the
beneficiaries of a treaty that left them in possession of ancient rights and
that secured the franchise of humanity. They had their schools and universi
ties, their free press and security of person and property. They had a judi
cial system and the courts protected them in the rights of man. But the
Czar who has handed out a Jean and meager dish of mercy to his subjects
revoked and violated that treat}', destroyed the last vestige of Finnish free
dom and put the Grand Duchy under the hard heel of the Cossack. If he
h.2d desired to do things merciful he should have begun by dispensing jus
tice and restoring the ancient rights of Finland guaranteed by his ancestors.
J?ut meager as the gift of the Czar is, it is not based upon any merit
or right of his people. If the few thing's given them were theirs of right
they should have had them long ago. If they have the right not to be
flogged with the knout for trivial offenses, that degradation should never
have been put upon them. If all the restrictions removed were wrong
they were always wrong and never should have been imposed.
They are removed now because a son has been born to the Czar! He
had already three daughters, and at their birth and baptism had remained
callous to the sufferings and obdurate to the needs of the Russian people.
Xow the pln-siological accident of sex in a child has moved him to
dole put these slender and insufficient mercies. An event in his family
that is of constant occurrence in the families of his empire is made the
occasion of doing that which should not have been necessary or possible
if his people were regarded as anything but his personal chattels and the
footstool of his power. It the child had been a girl the world would not
have been notified of his exceeding grace made affluent by a purely domestic
event in his household. The knout would still have been cutting the soft
f'e-h and drawing the blood of his subjects, and whole provinces would be#
given over to the Cossack whips in punishment for individual evasions ot
militarv dutv.
THE CZAR'S MERCY.
D'Annunzio Gets the Worst ol It in a Con
troversy With Neapolitan Come
dian-New Phillips Play.
ENGLISH NOVELISTS TURN
TO THE WRITING OF PLAYS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 30, 1004.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JonX D. SPRECKELS Proprietor
ADDRESS ALL. COMMUNICATIONS TO
JOHN" McXAUGHT Manager
PUBLICATION OFFICE .THIRD AND MARKET STREETS.-BAy FRANCISCO
TUESDAY \ AUGUST 30, 1904
WILL IT TAKE?
8Jesse A. Blow, aged 58, and his wife,
aged 63, arrived from Sydi/ey on the
Sierra yesterday and were denied a
landing by United States Immigrant
Inspector D. J. Griffiths, who found
that the man was afflicted with a con
tagious disease of the eyes.
Fish are found in schools, and yet
they often play hookey.
¦
Immigrants Deported.
Gilt-edse appetite. Gilt Edge Whiskey. You'll
have both, i* you have either. Wichman. Lut
gen & Co.. 23-31 Battery St., S. F. i. • :
Mrs. Augusta Finger. 70S Capp street,
secured a warrant from Police Judge
Cabaniss yesterday for the arrest of
D. H. Connors on a charge of obtain
ing money by false pretenses. She al
leges that Connors got 50 cents from
her on August 9 for a package of bak
ing powder and a promise of a year's
subscription for a journal devoted to
the interests of housewives. She was
informed by the -proprietors of • the
journal that Connors had no authority
to act for them and that he was a
"fraud." It is said that Connors has
swindled a large number of women
throughout the city in the same way.
Women Are His Accusers.
We Do It All.
Engraving, Printing, Electrotyping,
Bookbinding. The best work at reason
able prices. Sanborn, Vail & Co.. 741
Market street. •
They object to the plan because it
gave many teachers the minimum
salary of $60, although they had seen
little or no service, whereas the old
teachers with several years' experience
are receiving but $62 50 or $65 and are
being raised by gradual stages before
finally reaching the maximum salaries
paid to teachers.
The School Directors considered all
these points when the schedule was
adopted and in adopting a minimum
of $60 increased the expenditures by
55000 or $6000.
There is some dissatisfaction among
a fe,w teachers in the Public School
Department owing to the adoption of
the new salary schedule. It is claimed
that the pedagogues whose salaries
were increased under the old schedule
would now be receiving more money if
it were still in effect.
SOME TEACHERS OBJECT
TO NEW SALARY SCHEDULE
: Admits Having Led Immoral Life and
• That Her Passage Was Paid
by Friend.
United States Immigrant Inspector
j A de la Torre Jr. has reported unfa
] vorably upon the application of Ce
i celia Ovalle, 28 years old, a citizen of
1 Mexico, to be allowed to land at this
! port and she will be deported. She.
; was a passenger from Mazatlan on the
• Fieamship Curacao, which arrived last
; Sunday.
Miss Ovalle made a written state
j rr.ent to the effect that her moral
! character was bad and that her pas
sage had been paid by Herman Evers
j cf Mazatlan. She also exhibited a
J check, fci&ned 'Herman Evers" and
j drawn on Thanhauser & Co. in her
j favor for $200.
To the chagrin of the officer she
; Ftated that she had. made eight trips
I to San Francisco from Mazatlan with
| out molestation. Her intention, she
I said, was to visit her four sisters in
this city.
MEXICAN WOMAN IS
I) KM ED A LANDING
The number of new telephones put in
by the Chicago Telephone Company in
, May -was 1556, making a total in service
i 108.S84. The increase from January 10
S to June 1 was 7697 phones.
Customs Collector Stratton announces
the following promotions: A. H. Clif
ford, from clerkship at 5300 per annum
to a clerkship at 51000. vice A. L.
Behnemann, transferred to the United
States Naval Office: John B. Sawyer,
from messenger at 570 per month to a
clerkship at 5900 per annum.
Custom-House Promotions.
Commissioner North declined to make
any comment upon the foregoing corre
spondence, but made a few quotations
from the records of his office. These
show that since January 1. 1900. only
thirty-two students have applied for
admission. Of this number thirty were
admitted. One was denied. He was a
graduate of Yale University and came
from the Dutch colony of Batavia
without any papers whatever. The oth
er had a contagious disease and was
rejected by the quarantine branch of
the service. The last batch of students
arrived on the steamship Siberia on
August 18 and were landed within two
hours from the time the vessel arrived
at the dock. During the fiscal year
ended June 30. 1904, the greatest per
centage of rejections was of applicants
claiming to be natives of the United
States. There were 294 applicants, and
221 of these were denied a landing.
A letter from Frank P. Sargent, Com
missioner General of Immigration, com
menting upon the letter quoted, Is as
follows:
My I>ear Mr. Stratton: By reference the
bureau is in receipt of your note of the 15th
in^tar.t inclosir.it letter from John Goodnow,
Vnited States Consul General at Shanghai.
China, in which the suggestion \ s made that
the cases of Chinese persons applying for ad
mission to the United States as members of
the exempt classes be Investigated In China
prior to embarkation of the applicants.
That this is the proper method there Is but
little doubt and the writer has recommended
to the Secretary of Commerce, and Labor that
such a plan be inaugurated. To have the mat
ter conducted upon proper lines, however. It
is probable that letislatlon must first be se
cured to authorize the practice In addition
to the present requirements. Sir. Goodnow'a
letter Is herewith returned. Respectfully.
F. P. SARGENT. Commissioner General.
SARGKNT ACQUIESCES.
SHANGHAI. July 1. 1904.— My Dear 3Ir.
Stratton: I thank y u very much for your
courtesy to H. E. £h«ns Nang-hoo and the
portrait ol the Empre ? s Dowager. The Chinese
her* are hishly pleased. The word Is very
industriously put al>> ut here that the rich
man has an easier t me getting through the
eye cf the needle t! an any Chinese has In
getting through the San Francisco Custom
house, and the old n an Shens: was scared to
death with the idea of what mlpht happen to
him in San Francisc! I told him that every
courtesy and conM<3< ration would be shown
him, but nothing we Jld do but that I must
bother you with a pfr^onal letter.
The other nationalr. ies are still taking ad
vantage of this scare and are diverting many
youn? men who would otherwise no to the
United States as bona fide students into goln»s
to Krance. England and Belgium. It does
seem to me that ?oe» method of examination
by the immigration bureau could be devised
so that the examination could take place on
this side and the exempted classes walk off
H:e ship at San Francisco as easily as any
other nationality. It would only need ex
aminers -at Hongknr*. Shanghai and Yoko
hama. They could fi - d out the bonas fides of
an immigrant much better here than in San
Francisco. The Con-ul'B vise could sttll be
Kiven independently. If we are to educate th»
young men who are now going abroad and
thus keep our grip n China we must devise
seme such way to 1ft the students In. Very
truly. JOHN GOODNOW.
The following letters to Customs Col
lector Stratton show the latest stage
of sentiment on the Chinese exclusion
act:
Information was conveyed yesterday
to United States Immigrant Commis
sioner Hart H. North that Frank P.
Sargent, United States Commissioner
General of Immigration, recommended
that all examinations of Chinese repre
senting themselves as members of the
exempt classes be investigated in China
prior to embarkation of the applicants.
These tidings threw the Chinese Bu
reau into a state bordering upon con
sternation. North said that the records
of the bureau showed that more than 75
per cent of Chinese claiming to be mer-r
chants and holding "section six" certi
ficates had been denied a landing be
cause it -had been ascertained that they
were coolies. Callous spots as large as
the palm of a man's hand had been
found on the shoulders of the fraudu
lent applicants; their hands were large,
hard and horny; their arms sunburned
to the elbows, their legs sunburned to
the knees and many of them had ulcers
on the legs caused by working in the
wet paddy fields. Vet all of these certi
ficates had been made out in proper
form and had been vised by the Ameri
can Consul at Canton, China.
GOODXOW'S IDEAS.
Attorney Johnson made further pro
test against the motion to set the case
until such time as the deposition of
Miss Warren shall have been taken,
but Judge Coffey saw no reason for
such action and set October 4 as the
day for the trial. The court, how
ever, ordered that Miss Warren give
her deposition next. Tuesday afternoon.
Th« principal be-neSclary under this will. In
view cf these facts, is entitled to the protec
tion cf the court and to the protection cf every
man that professes to be a gentleman. I can
not understand the abuse of opposing counsel
except that it may be bajn»d on the hope that
we will be fnphtened into entering into a
ccrnr-rom'ee. I know your Honor encourages
no tuch cenduct en the part of cotinsel. In
answer to the points cf law they raise, how
ever, I BubiEit that wp are entitled to have
the cas» set for trial that it may be carried
to a conclusion as socn as roseible.
I regret that counsel has seen fit to indulge
in personalities. He need not imagine for
cse moment, however, that one bit of this
Fror*rty is going to be yielded through fear of
ar.y chBrgee of crimes or trickery. This whole
question ¦¦..-•¦« on the sanity of the testa
trix In Ajrril. when the will »*«> ex-rcui^l.
the contest b*in^ ba!»ed on the charge thai ene
wa*-.<jr unsound mind.
PILI>BUKV ANSWERS.
In answer to these caustic flings. At
torney Pillsbury said:
If th<?y are not thfy *bou!d have no objec
tion to our effort to take this der-osition and
to take it before the cast is set for trial, fir
th«>!r interests would b* no more endanpTed
in such action that if the taking of the depo
si'.i'-n was ordered afur the cas* was Eet for
trial.
It is assorted here that Mifs Warren I* not
a rpFnondent in fact in this case; that the
defense of this will devolves alone upon Ex
«>cuior!» Gray and Mupan. who are reprrsenied
h»re by Attorneys Pills=bury and Williamson.
Neither r.f th«»e distinruiphPd counsel, how
ever, would dare take the stand and f»far
that he is net the legal representative of Miss
Warren. In any ever.t we are entitled a;
this time to take her d^i'osition.
The fact that Miss Warren is the principal
benfflciary under the will, the validity of
»hlch J*> here in question, hedges her with no
s»pecial riEhtn. We are entitled to wrest from
her all the knows. Proceeding here as though
j>res^iuing a s<ipy>SBtitious case fr>r th«* con
sideration uf liie court we may say.
A&d a« to thA.-ounsrl that represent her inter
ests. Why ere they not acting honestly? Why
are they not aboveboard in ihelr conduct in
lhi» case? Why do they so scheme to protect
her? Ar» th*y guilty pf foxy practices and
artful whemen to k«?et> Miss Warren from the
pmo**s*-s of the court?
An affidavit heretofore filed setting
forth that Mips Warren was ill and
unable to respond to the demands of
the contestant was assumed by Albert
Johnson, who argued the case of his
firm, to be an evasioti of the process
of the court. After presenting the
leeal phases bearing upon his richt to
take the deposition of Miss Warren, he
said:
A clash of counsel yesterday after
noon during the hearing of preliminary
questions in the Dolbeer will case be
fore Jijdge Coffey presages a bitter
contest. It was all directed on the one
hard to prepare, on the other to pre
vent, if possible, an ordeal for Etta M.
Warren, principal beneficiary under the
will of the late Bertha M. Dolbeer. At
the end Miss Warren's defenders were
defeated and next Tuesday afternoon
at 2 o>lock at the offices of Johnson &
Johnson :n the Mills building, she must
give her deposition in the interest of
Adolph Schander, uncle of the late
Miss Dolbeer. who claims that she ex
ecuted the testament that is the ob
ject of his attack when she was men
tally irresponsible.
The hearing uf yesterday was upon
the petition of Attorneys Johnson &
Johnson for an order of court directing
Miss Warren to appear and give her
deposition as a witness for the con
testant and upon a motion of Attor
neys E. S. Pillsbury and W. F. Wil
liamson to set the contest fur trial.
JOHNSON MAKKS CHARGES.
Dr. John Thompson commended Dr.
j Ferrier's address and referring to ser-
I mons he had heard said that some of
¦ them should be relegated to the waste
¦ paper basket before . they reach the
i pulpit. In connection with what had
been said anent the tirade on the part
; of "some of the press" against mis
• sionary effort he declared that such
i a course was quite uncalled for. The
! doctor said that the missionary goes
| first where the newspaper man did not
venture, and after the missionary had
made the opening the newspaper man
! stole in.
i Dr. Francis M. Larkin defended the
! press. He considered that the press of
I San Francisco had been generous in
its publication of the news of mission
ary works even to the extent of devot
; ing as much as a column and a half
to interviews with returned foreign
, missionaries.
Dr. Ferrier explained that he had
i great regard for the press and that in
his comments he had reference to edi
torials found in "some of the coast
papers."
Dr. H. H. Bell. United Presbyterian
; Church; Rev. J. A. Hollars. Bethlehem
' Congregational Church, and Dr. "Wal
i ter M. White. West Side Christian
I Church, were appointed a committee
to co-operate with other committees al
ready formed, in an effort to suppress
the distribution of obscene literature
I in the city.
If for no other purpose our religious papers
are needed Sn order that they may combat
this pernicious teaching of not a few of the
dally papers.
Three times during the last year has The
Pacific found it necessary to make reply to
editorials In Pacific Coast dailies attacking
mis?ions.
Such an Idea, if put In practice In the early
hi'tory of the church, would have left the
world stranded In barbarism.
The daily paptr hag its place and should
have It. but it fills too large a p'.ace in th«
lives of many persons.
Now it Is sometimes said in this newspaper
age that the daily paper meets all the needs
of the people — secular and religious alike.
This emanates aJmost invariably from the
editorial brain. The Indifference manifested
by some ctrurch people toward their church
papers furnishes some feundation for It.
As for the assertion of some cf the daily
papers that there Is no need for the religious
weekly it may be said that that is based on
the same narrow and unenlightened survey as
is the frequent statement from the same source
that foreign missionary effort has been so far
a failure aa to Justify no longer its continu
ance.
"The newspaper, the magazine, the
review and the low priced book are
forming the thought and shaping the
action of the present and the future."
said Dr. W. W. Ferrier at a union
meeting of ministers held in the Y. M.
C. A. auditorium yesterday. Dr. Fer
rier said in part:
This Is preeminently a reading age. But
this is not to say that people in general are
reading the best literature and getting the
best results from the reading practice.
Metzinscr Must Stay in Jail.
The Supreme court aeennea yester
day to grant a petition for a writ of
habeas corpus in favor of Andrew
Metzinger. The defendant was sen
tenced to Eix months' imprisonment in
the County Jail on each of two charges
of petty larceny in October of last year.
He escaped on January 22 of this year,
but was recaptured five days later. He
holds that he Is entitled to credits, but
Sheriff Curtis differs. As the Supreme
Court also differs with Metzinger he
wi!l probably remain behind the bars
until his sentence Ehall have expired.
private under cross-examination ad
mitted that he had kept his mouth shut
and that his testimony was "insti
gated" by Captain Evans.
The effort of Judge Cotton to shut
out this admission called Dorsey to his
feet with the statement that he expect
ed to show that "Captain Evans was
the one instigator: that he had fur
nished the testimony; that he had been
vigilant, indefatigable and savage as
an enemy of Mrs. Madden; that he had
shown her attentions, which had been
rejected, and that in his revenge he
would bring any charge to destroy
her."
Snell oroceeded to tell that he "had
no use for Captain Evans, because he
Is no good for the company," and when
both sides had announced that they
were finished with the witness Judge
Hebbard peremptorily ordered that the
plaintiff's case should be. rested. Dor
sey said that he had no testimony to
offer in the absence of his client, and
the Judge made the order for a decree
as stated above.
Two important depositions were opened
by the Judge after the trial of the case.
One was that of Captain Madden re
citing matters dating from the time of
their marriage in Georgia, in April, 1S98,
and his army orders, which made him
depart on the bridal night, to the time
of his return from service in the isl
ands/ In this he denies specifically
charges of improper association with
other women. The other deposition is
i that of the army nurse, Marjorie Kirk
patrick, who relates in detail a story
unfit for publication regarding a. visit
of Mrs. Madden to Robichon, who was
ill at the Presidio hospital.
The average wage of a male school
teacher in the United States is about
5450 per year. The average salary of
a woman teacher in the United States
is about $S50 per year.
The features of the case ivere, first, j
Judge Hebbard's speedy decision with
out the recital of unnecessary details; !
and. second, the court's positive rul
ing that Mrs. Madden's attorney should
not degrade or humiliate a'witness by
a series of Questions reflecting upon :
her personal conduct.
It was learned after the hearing that j
the witnesses subpenaed but not ex- j
amined were Marjnrie Kirkpatrick, an
army nurse; Mrs. Constance Dean, nee I
Lawrence; Captain Burgess. U. S. A.;
Fred Haussler, photographer; Paul
Phillips, a transport employe; Kittie
Girard. Mrs. Jerome Madden, wife of ;
the plaintiff's father, and Eleanor Kop- ,
Htz. Charles Mackenzie was summon
ed as a witness, but he is now abroad ;
in his service on a transport.
The first witness called was Mrs. j
Carrie Shipler, formerly Carrie Bechel. ,
who was Mrs. Madden's house maid
at Benicia Barracks from April 1 to !
May T. 1S03. ' Her husband is a cor- j
poral in the Thirteenth Infantry. On
a night, the date of which she could
DOt remember, she was summoned at ;
midnight to bring refreshment from |
the kitchen to Mrs. Madden's room, and j
she found Lieutenant Robichon there.
The details of the things Ehe observed
had an important bearing upon the
case* The witness answered sharply
and directly every question propounded
but hesitated when, on cross-examina
tion, Dorsey asked her if she had not
been discharged by Mrs. Madden be
cause of her improper conduct with
soldiers at the barracks.
Dorsey's first question related to the :
witness' visits to the Palace Hotel in I
Benicia. The line of questioning j
; which followed caused Judge Hebbard »
to interrupt and say: "We are trying |
| one woman here, and that is enough. !
¦ You may impeach her credibility as a .
, witness, but do not go into her per- j
sonal affairs. I have never allowed this
¦ line of questioning in this court, and I i
never will." Then, turning to the wit- '¦,
ness. Judge Hebbard said: "I instruct!
¦ you not to answer any question tend
ing to degrade or humiliate you." On a
line of questioning regarding-her inter-
I views with Captain Madden's attorneys i
and the pay she was to receive, Mrs. i
I Shipler said that she had been prom
ised her "expenses" by Captain Mad
den.
PRI VATK'S OBSERVATIONS.
The other witness was Henry Snell. j
! a private and musician, now stationed •
! at" Angel Island. On Captain Evans' j
1 recommendation he became striker for {
i Mrs. Madden, and also took care of >
' Robichon's quarters at Benicia Bar- i
• racks. He told the court of an unusual !
; circumstance, strongly relating to the !
i charge against Mrs. Madden, which i
' was witnessed in Robichon's room. The !
It was on the card that soldiers and !
civilians would be involved in scandal
in the trial of the suit for divorce
brought by Captain John F. Madden,
U. S. All against his wife, Edith. Judge
Hebbard, on motion of the accused
wife's attorney, J. W. Dorsey, ordered
that none should hear the testimony
except the attorneys and the news
paper men present at yesterday's hear
ing.
The evidence of two witnesses for the
plaintiff was enough to warrant the
court ordering that the captains at
torneys should rest their case, and the
other. side, being unable to present any
evidence, was ruled out of court.
Thereupon Judge Hebbard ordered
the entering of an interlocutory decree
of divorce in favor of Captain Madden,
gave the custody of their son, John
Madden Jr., to his paternal grand
parents and granted the mother the
privilege of visiting her boy twice each
month.
When the case was called for trial
at 10 o'clock Attorney Dorsey asked
the court for a continuance on the
ground that his client, Mrs. Madden,
was not present. Judge Cotton, attor
ney for Madden, declared that Mrs*.
Madden had visited her child a day
or two ago and at that time she was
living at the Laughlm Hotel and
should be easy to find. Judge Hebbard
ordered that the trial should proceed.
At that moment Captain Madden was
in court with his brother. Augustavus
Madden, a paymaster in the United
States navy, and nearly all of the
captain's witnesses were on hand.
These witnesses and others, not includ
ing the members of the bar and the
newspaper men, were ordered out of
the room and there was no record to
show what witnesses had been sub
penaed in the plaintiff's behalf nor
would any of his attorneys volunteer
an identification of those who appeared
in court and were deprived of an op
portunity to testify. One of Captain
Madden's counsel declared that the two
witnesses examined had not told all
1 of the story which the plaintiff expect
i ed to prove.
COURT PROTECTS WOMAN.
\- if He Tiqlated Iiijunc-j
lion Theu the Captain of
police Is Equally Guilty 1
•
• Commissioner Ht:;ton. **spe- 1
f of Police f.r 11^3 Dupont]
• -has beenr^rranUd further time!
• proceedinsB against him order- !
..rz to show cause why he shou.d !
- parttfhoi for contempt of court j
r violating the injunction issued to !
' _':.r: P<~r. restraining the police f rom ' f
iterfering with his restaurant busi- I
.i at- Zl"3 Dupont street. The viola
.'n consisted of the arc Ft of llary
;rar. jus: as she was leavinp the res- :
Lur&cL Hutton now asserts that Cap-
L.atn DuL-e was an accomplice.
:"kVhen th* case v.as argued two weeks
-¦-• Judge Cook intimated that a prima
ie c£>e had been made out against
: _;:cB. but he allowed his counsel time
submit evidence to controvert the
Etimony of the petiiicaor.
As soon as the case was called yes
riay George D. Col!ins for the'pe
¦ ner asnwerc-^' ••ready." which took
¦ t : :.<?>• Riordan for the respondent
surprise. "I thought that you were
. : zz.?°<3 in the ciarnett murder trial, "
•Uordar., "anflPconld rot be here."'
: is* replied that Judge Lawlor had
Pi>ed the trtei to enable him to be
.-.-.. . x ~ ©
In that case*' said Riordan. "we
re a new point to submit on an enl-
Urely new proposition and I would ask
ror.tlnle to file & N brief."
:r.s replied that there was no time
file briefs. He was prepared to
_r^;.e the point, whatever it was, at
Th* Judge said it would be impossible
: r-binj to listen to the arguments at
that time. Thv case would have to be
tntimxed till September li. He sug
gested that Attorney Riordan file his
at once and gave Attorney Col
ns till Saturday to file his answer.
The r.ew point raised by Hutton's at
• : ch y •« that "the e\idence is in
tuScient to sustain the accusation for
• .ison that this Efl a criminal case
and the only testimony offered in sup
¦ :: of the affidavit is that Captain
¦ ¦ . who. if contempt has been com
¦ • i. was an accomplice of the re-
I- Anv>tcd for Cruelly.
J -rr. Pacheco, a scavenger, -wag ar-
Fted yesterday by Officer McCurrie of
--- Humane Society for driving a
ppled horse. Pacheco was released
- HO cub bail.
Says He Sees No Reason for
Abuse Except Hope That
Compromise May Be Forced
Custody of Child Awarded to
Grandparents and Moth
er's Visits Are Limited
Complaint That the Bureau
at San Francisco Is Too
Finical With Immigrants
Dr. Thompson Holds That
the Newspaper Man Fol
lows Preacher and Teacher
PILLSBURY IS SARCASTIC
EDITOR AND MISSIONARY
TRIAL IS CUT SHORT
CONSUL G00DX0W ? S IDEA
< GRANTED MORE TIME
Dr. Ferrier Says Journals
and 3Iagazines Form Our
Thought and Shape Action
Sufficient Evidence Given
in Madden Case to Satisfy
Superior Judge Hebbard
Chinese Exempt Classes May
Be Passed Upon at the
Port of Their Departure
•• Point liaised hy Com
missioner Hutton to Save
Himself From Piiiiishment
Attorney for the Contestants
t Casts Aspersions Upon the
Conduct of the Proponents
ARMY CAPTAIN
GETS DIVORCE
WRITTEN WORDS
CARRY POWER
SARGENT PLANS
A QUICKER WAY
DOLBEER CASE
GROWS BITTER
ALLEGES DUKE
IS ACCOMPLICE
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY. AUGUST 30. 1904.
9
ADVKKTlSI-ailELNTS.
818-820 Market St. San Francisco.
T)mihfo r>/l\7 FRPF U. S. Postage Stzimps
ASOlIDie I/ay rntt O n all purchases in
Ta . Mnt*r»JMA7 ovr Slationcr y Department to
a \J A?AUI 1UW amovnl of 20c or more.
ALPACA SHIRT WAISTS. LACES. TBXMMX2TQS.
A new line in all sizes. Black. Blue. Allorer I-^iccs in Point Vonise style.
White and Black. Black with White Ecru or Arabian shades, 75c up to
Dots, and Blue with White Dots. .S I . .""»«> per yard.
Reg. $2.95. Special while they l?st ¦»i>att>c>
O»" | mm m* fi t» A 1 llj.
' ?*A.«o TirSPl Braid,, white. Gilt nn<i P»r-
COSSETS. S j an . Regular ISc p«r yd., special
Hieh grrade of $1.<M>. %\.2Z. $1.50 Cor- lS l ic
SS&SST.S 15 3nd 2 ° Onl> '- 'K MXDAIXIOHS
Others at half nric? Irl a "fat vari°iy cf r.ew patterns.
SII.K COI.IJ1B Sp€ClaI - Prr >d ~$ C
Foundation*. The best. All sizo5. innft ' EMBBOtDEKlES.
R^g. 15c. Special 1POrt »*«. of fine Embroideries, worth
4j» I 10c. special per yd 4c
LADIES' HANDKERCHIEFS. VAST
Made of fine Lawn. Reg. 5c. Special A?sortment of Laces. R?e- 12 l Jc.
2 for 5c special per yd ,1c
BOOKS OF SPECIAL INTEREST AT BBIOHT ' SHIf*' =^ A IJ PITTED
CUT PBICES. - A -2, »««» GOODS.
Japan, by Esther Singleton. .. SI ,«O R ° 1Jnd Tray ' 13 in ' Res ' loC ' **1 C }? 1
Evolution of the Japa««. by Gullrtt r^B^i Trk,' 0 Be E VsV. ' ,1."',*!
5>«..OII •»"L«»
l Thf vSneuir J d a - Pa \' Sto^o" ' koV^' ' D^ ' S H"ln." deVp.' ViTiS
Pall «i ?O< diarn - H"e- 50c. special 30c
Korea and Xelghbcr,; Bishop. isi.UO Cr^ c b "^sS
Korean Sketches, bv Gall 85e mlVv- ??£ \EV^.Z?C'C11C£.J ' X »!J5
Verberk of Japan. bV Griffls. . 81.1 r. F3 --, Ke "i^,J° r qUl ° k heatIn * .^
ThS cl S 4a°wai aP bv R^'e?" 0 '- «l°OO p'rler" Box/ V -in.- hlKh"?
The Letter H. by Pldjfin. . „. .*1 .ON strVnc? Cerv n4t ?•%*-- ill" ir
Rulers of Kinir?. by Atherton...<l .OS St^'h Cr 3 ] dU rrc 7 ?'^ c Dn
Capfn Er!. by Lincoln SI. OS n-gn. 3 in. n.am. urc. iar, ypec. .m»
A Llttl<> Tragedy at Tientsin. .gSl. OS JJiST
VISIT OUB BOOK DEPARTMENT, j CHANCE * jKt^
If quality and price cm any fijrure. 0 -^ HAMMOCZS. ">gfc^w«g<G^-
wo-ll s.-^ >..,u oftr;-.. CLOSING OUT '
CLOSING-OUT SALE OP AT *» HEQUI^AB {j TT ''^» % ,
rUBNTTTTBE. PBICES.
We are closinK out every piece of the Thi<; , Wf^. . wiI1 c }°**™ r "* R J moc ' 1 1 5
following lines s ' lK e ve onl >* about 4f» left, all
roiioninp lines different style* and prices, with
AT REMARKABLE REDUCTIONS | but few exceptions. Those that are
To make room for our comins holiday Wt will cost you r»Oc* ?Joe* 7r»«»
Toy stock. All buyers seem to ap- S!>«« S1.O«» $1.1.1 SI ,U."»
preciate the special inducements S1.U7J Sl.oO up to SI5.7r»
we have offered. Scores of bargain? Early in the season prices were just
yet to be had in Ladiei" Desks, double. They are all full size and
Mniic Backs, Cabinets and Tabour- f u u colors, with spreaders, extra
ettes, Parlor Tables and Stands, f oot bars and various weaves. If
Book Cases and Toilet Backs, y o U haven't any use for it this sea-
Enameled and Plemish Oak Bath 5O n buy it for next.
Mirrors. A full description of any special price
Come and Look at them. You may Hammock sent to out-of-town buy-
find something you greatly need. ers on qpplciation.
KNIVES. BAZOBS AND SHEABS GROUND AND REPAIRED.
PICTURE FBAMES OP ALL DESCRIPTIONS MADE TO ORDER.
@
¦Mrs. L. C. Glover, Vice-Pres-"
i&nt Milwaukee, Wis., Business
Woman's Association, is another
-one of the miKion women who
hav& been restored to health by
using Lydia E. Pinkham's Vege-
table Compound.
" Deae Mns. Pikkham : — I Tras mar-
ried far s^reral years and no children
bleasegl my home. The doctor said I
ha<4 a complication of female troubles
r.:d I could not hare any children un-
less I could be cored. He tried to cure
r^*, but .after experimenting for seT-
f ral months, my husband became dis-
Grust«d. and one nirht Trhen tt© noticed
tb*j testimonial of a woman •who had
been cured of similar trouble through
Ct£e use • of Lydia E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound, he went out
I and bought a bottle for me. I used
' ' your.- medicine for three and one-half
impr-oring- steadily in health.
3Cid in ttventy;ffo months a child
came. I q»nnot fully express the joy
&j*d thankfulness that is in my heart.
Our hoai^is a different place now, as
we hare something' to live for, and
all the credit is due to L.ydia
E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
nntmd. Yours rery sincerely, Mes.
CC Gloveb. 614 Grove St., Milwaukee,
'Vis." Vice President. Milwaukee
V, js-ness Woman's Association. — #5900
fmfkn if ori#nai cf cboat tetter proving gtituiat-
rrMM cannot to* mu/wtmt
There's a Stile
And f.r.'fe j about our laundry work pleas-
:r.g alike to the tart* asd purse of the
most carpir.? critic. Taste, because our
r.ork is perfect in finish and cleanliness.
.-•::1 r-orfc*-. because the satisfaction is
f-curtrA without destruction of fabric
aftrrVshort use.
A post card or ynone call puts our scr.
vice i!^5» your use.
UNITS) STATES LAUNDBY,
~;0O4 MAHKET STREET.
Tdephoa* South '420-
AMrSPlENTS.
G 0 L U a?! JS S A ILCV3 4>V:
SECOND AND LAST WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
ARNOLD DALY
AsaoBaeea the Delightful Comedy.
Eer-ar3 Shaw's Masterpiec*.
STAitTtno a— * r^ m W m f~T
MONDAT -Zj* *""' * M m ZOP
First Time In San Fraacisc© in Ten Tears.
Mr. KYRLE BELLEW
Supported by Original Company, including:
E. M. HOLLAND, in th- Celebrated Dramatlo
Study In Criminolccy.
t9 1% CCf C^ The AMATEUR
IT At r^rL.tZ O CRACKSMAN.
Scat Sale Begins Thursday.
A BIG NEW SHOW!
"OUR BOYS IN BLUE";
Mr. and Mrs. Alfred Kelcy: Xlela and
CliXtca; Paul Barnes; The Musical
Ooolmass; 'Williams and Tucker; Max
and Julia Heinrlch; Treloar. Assisted
by Edna Tempest, and Orpnetxni Mo- -
tola Pictures.
Rejrular Matinees "Wednesday. Thursday,
Saturday and Sunday.
Prices — 10c. 25c and 50c.
XEXT WEEK,
3IATIXEE EVERY DAY.
ALCAZAR "*™r
• Genarai Mi:mr.
TO-NIGHT — ALL TVEEK.
MATINEES THURSDAY ANT> SATTRDAT.
lv?., 25c to 75c. Mats. Thurs. & Sat.. 25c to 50s
VA/HITTE | AHD THE ALCAZAR CO. \
In ClyJe Fitch's Colonial Dream.
NATHAN | B.m»tt 1
Patriotism HALE
FIRST ALCAZAR PRODUCTION.
MON.. SEPT 5— Startinr with LABOR DAT
MATINEE— MR. WHITTLESEY la
F»OBERT E/VIWIET
The Oricinal Brandon Tynan Version.
CENTRAL*!?
Market «t.. Near Eighth. Phone Boata 553.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THI3 WEEK.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
A TREMEXDOrS HIT!
Francis Powers' Famous Chines* Play,
The First Born
Preceded by the Rollicking Farce Comedy.
TURNED UP
pnirce Evenings »...10c ta 80o
rn 1 VL J Matlseea 10c. 15c, Mo
Next— "EVIL MEN DO."
EMPIRE COMEDY FOUR
And a Splendid Snow Every Afternoon
and Evening; la tie Theater.
TAKE A RIDE ON THE
1 M1HUTTOE EXiSCTBXC RAILROAD.
THREE BABY LIONS IN THE ZOO.
INSPECT CABARET DE LA MORT. •
Hear the Pneumatic Symphony Orchestrion.
!i AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
•! ADMISSION 10c t CHILDREN 5c
w \ When Phoning As* for -The Chutae."
thTweeklt call
r $1 per Year.
AMUSEMENTS.
m|l\0tf msf I
5'lfOREADOR
Week I With the 6REAT CAST
Y ¦ M£-25c50c?5c
E A TRA HOLIDAY MATINEES
Labor and Admission Days, Sept. 5 and 9
LOOK OUT FOR THE "SERENADE. 1
Bohemian £on?ert
Thursday Afternoon. Sept. 1st.
Reserved Seat Sale Now Open.
(GRAND So E J&!
; MAT. SATURDAY— UlST WEEK !
Mr. James NEILL
I UNDER] I
\ Mr. Neil] as I <w> \^ I Mi?« Chapman i
'•' rwti*- Ori' I I aa Cigar»t:» ',
XWLagsW
FIRST TIM: at 15c, 25c, 50c i
ZgalifornTI-.
TO-NIGHT
Matinees Wednesday and Saturday.
MR. FREDERIC BELASCO Presents .
FLORENCE ROBERTS
—IN—
"Tess of the
D'Urbervilles"
NEXT SUNDAY— "SAFHO.** "
SEATS NOW SELLING.
Mats.— Wednesday. Friday (Admission
day) ar.d Saturday.
H TV. BISHOP. Lessee and Manager.
SATURDAY.
SEPT 3d — Every Night Thereafter — SEPT. 3d
Matinees — Thursdays. Saturdays and HoU-
OLIVER MOROSCO OFFER3
THE MAJESTIC THEATRE COMPANY
Direct From New York.
In a Magnificent Scenic Production of
T - E PALACE^ KING
nDirCC Night— 25c. S5c, 50c: a few front
rnlWEj rows 75c. Matinees— 25c and 50c.
Thursday Bargain Matinee, 25c to all* parts
of the house — reserved.
BOX OFFICE NOW OPEN. Phone South 452.
AN UNSURPASSED PRODUCTION.
THE ANHEUSER PUSH
* The best, the funniest and most complete
musical burlesque.
A Company of Mirth Conquerors.
DOROTHY MORTON RICE & CADY.
GEORGIA O'RAiiEY BOBBY NORTH.
EDWIN CLARK BEN DILLON.
FLOSSIE HOPE PEARL HICKMAX.
Unrivaled Chorus of Forty. New and Catchy
Song Hits. Twenty Great Specialties. Scenery
and CoiW-umir.g Never Surpassed.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Special Matinees on Labor Day. Monday.
Sept. 5: Admission Day. Friday. Sept. 8.
STRICTLY POPULAR PRICES.
Burlesque to follow, "MISS MAZUMA," bf
J. C. Crawford. y
AP VEKTI SEMEN TS.
Happy Women
Are always healthy women, for
happiness a>id good health goj
hand in hand. Sickly women,:
however, need not suffer any j
longer, for in Hostetter's Stomach ,
Bitters they will positively find j
good health and happiness. It j
will strengthen their various or-i
gans, establish functional regu-
larity, induce sound sleep and
cure' Backache, Cramps, Sick
Headache, Vomiting, Nervous- ]
ness, Indigestion, Dyspepsia and
Constipation. Try it and see.
HOSTETTER'S
STOMACH BITTERS
ADVERTISEMENTS. j
j
Dresser Trunk I
A marvel of convenience at j
a reasonable price.
Don't fail to call and see
our splendid line of Trunks,
Bags and Dress Suit Cases.
The most complete and up-to- |
date stock in the market. '¦
A. B. Smith 'Co., I
116 Ellis, above Powell.
Centemeri
M&i&j^ — 1 1
i
Gun Metal Suede, v j
Two Clasp Cape,
•K75
Salesroom, 200 Post St-
Corner Grant Ave.
Paiarp D0N ' T f AIL T0
laiaWW see the beautiful
j COURT Lounging
ftflfl room, the EMPIRE
uiiu parlor, the
r J PALM ROOM, the •
lirAflfl LOUIS XV PAR-
U 4.^1 „ DIES> WRITING
UOteiS ROOM -
IpinTCD'cl CURE SICK HEADACHE.
lAKICrto ,
H3I7TIE Genuine Must Bear
galVER Fas-Simile Signature
9 PILLS. J^.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,v TUKSDAY, AUGUST 30. 1901.
10
DENTISTS.
A NEW plati— The Whalebone— Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.: crown, $3 50; fillings. COc:
plates. $5; full set: all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market. nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new- teeth
from $S per set; extracting 50e; gas given.
DR. KNOX. dentist, now located at the Grant
.building. 1093 Market St.. room 203; all first-
class dentistry at low prices.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver. 35c: crowns. $2; no
pain; open Sundays. Dr.A.C.Hewltt.2O4 Suttei
DR. R. L. WALSH has moved from S17 Qsary
t-t. to 5S0 Geary.
PARIS Dental Parlcrs. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
get teeth. $1 60 up; crowns,$2 up; filling9.25e.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM7Turgeon-dentl!>t.r.l4.1st
floor. Phelan Mil., SOS Market, cor. O'Farrell.
ALL work guaranteed by. the New York den-
tlsty. Dr. Perklna. Mgr.. 965 Mlssion.cor. 6th.
A HIGHLY respectable German family (officer
of the Imperial Reichsbank) at Charlotten-
burgr, near Berlin, wishes to take in boaril
and lodging there a boy or young lady, S-l(i
years old, who intends to study in Berlin;
child from good family only accepted. For
further information write or call on AR-
THUR BECKER (the German lecturer). SCO
Taylor ave.. Alameda, Cal.-
A BIGGER school than ever. On June 1 we
moved to new fireproof building. 73S Mission
ft., between Third and Fourth; more rpace;
finer rooms; better light; finest in the West;
come ar.d see. S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
E. R. AYRES. founder and manager Ayres
Business College for 14 years, has returned to
take active management. Combined course,
$5 a month: life scholarship. $50. Day and
evening. Bancroft bldg.. 723 Market st.
A — The LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for university, law and medical col-
leges; refs. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor: day. evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
A — The Paul Gerson School of Acting gives
more performances and secures more engage-
ments fcr students than all other Western
crliools: special summer course. 414 Mason.
A— CHICAGO BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1435 Mar-
ket, gurantees positions to graduates: Pit-
man shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $5 mo.
FRENCH, German, Spanish taught by experi-
enced college teacher (French): highest refer-
ence: lowest rates. Address 1250 O'Farrell st.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, min., mech., su?-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. ev. ; est. 1S64; Van
der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, Eng.. math., etc.; day and
eve.; individual instr. 305 Larkin St., Prof.
T. A. Robinson, former pres. Pac. Bus. Col.
CLASSES In short story writing and journalism
meet on Mon., Wed. and Thurs., 2 p. m., 333
Phelan bldg.: terms very reasonable.
P. LA VII LA'S "Italian Method of Singing.
N. B. — Special terms for professionals. 546
Sutter st.
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Col., 602 Van Nesi
ave. ; positions secured. R. H. Webster, Pres.
WASTED — Singers to Join a choral society for
concert work. .Particulars 1*J6O O - Farrell St.
A YOUNG man wants singing lessons; terms.
S. M. FARLANE. general postofnee.
KENT Law School, day and night. Send for
particulars, 530 Parrott building.
PIANO instruction riven; $10 for ten lessons;
an exi>erl»iiced teacher. Box 415, Call.
SHORTHAND taught thorMy.by mall and per-
sonally. Miss M. G. Barrett, 302 Montg'my.
SCHOOL OF .ILLUSTRATION DayTnd
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine St.— Night class.
ISAAC Pitman Business College, 345 Haight;
individual instruc. ; all branches; day. eve.
WESTERN Business College, 1107 Mkt.. com-
plete course, .$« mo. S30; eve. $4 mo.; private
CALIFORNIA Business College. 925 Golden
Gate live.. S. F. ; ".Vpage catalog on request.
EMPLOYMEHT OPP1CES.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment office
supplies best help promptly; city or country.
S. IMURA, S39 Sacramento. Tel., James 52til.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese help. 420 Powell St.; tel. Main 5752.
WE furnish bookkeeper*, clerks, stenographer?.
general help. ""NATIONAL," 500 Hearst bid.
JAPANESE-Chinese Emp. Office, 415 Stockton;
best help. Fritz Tamasraki.msr. ;tel.Bush 859.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice: all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 61S8.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years
Tel. Main 1OT7. BRADLEY & CO.. B40 Clay!
EMPLOYMEgT WAgTEP— rEMAM.
A — BOOKKEEPER, cashier, typist; young
lady exi.iert accountant and collector; all
modern systems; desires to change position,
or extra work evenings or days; best refer-
ences. 4160 Seventeenth st.
A STEADY, competent person wishes a posi-
tion to do general housework in small fam-
ily; wages $20. 227 Hayes St., between
Franklin and Van Ness ave. •
WANTED — A position as German governess
by a young lady recently from Germany;
can teach German, French and music. Ad-
dress 777 Cole st.
A CAPABLE and trustworthy widow, 37, with
much practical experience, desires position
in well appointed home; good housekeeper,
sewer, etc. Box 795, Call.
A SITUATION wanted by two Finn girls who
would like to get in one place. Call at 322
Fremont st.
A CULTURED, reliable motherly lady going
East would : chaperone parties or invalid;
referenc-es. Box 792. Call. • •
COOK — German: is first-class in American,
French r.nd German cookins; by month or
day; referenced. 743 Eddy st.
WANTED — Position of trust by energetic, v.-cll-
cdui-ated woman; linguist; good references.
Box 78*. Call.
1 i
WOMAN wants work liy the day; is a jj.iod
cook and laundress or general housework;
good references. Box 744, Call.
COOK and second -jirl wants work. Picas?
call at 2'J!i Folsim ave. for two days.
EXPERIENCED hnt r.iak?r wants work to
take lionir. Box 7!M. Call.
EXPERIENCED American woman, strung and
¦willing, would like- a situation in a small
family of adults; temperate and honest; I
light housework; ?15 a month. Call or address
ISO Fourth st.. loom 21; car fare.
A— EXPERIENCED, practical young business
woman, competent, successful, wishes col-
lections from lew more firms; aUo good side
line soliciting: bank reference?. 4100 17th.
WANTED — By two first-class chambermaicTs.
positions in same hotel; country preferred.
Box 74'J. Call office.
DRESSMAKER^ tailor suits and coats, even-
ins gowny, cutter and fitter: all work war-
ranted: engagements by the 'day. Mla'S
BAHSS. Sherman House. 2S Eighth st.
KEFIX£D young lady wishes position as com-
panion to lady cr grown girl; thoroughly
tomr-etent to fill position of trust; good
refer* nces. Box 737. Call office.
BOOKKEEPER— Young lady having 5 years'
experience would like a position as book-
keeper or assistant: best of references; mod-
erate salary. Box 307, Call office.
NEAT young French sirl, 10 years of age.
desires situation with a respectable family.
' Address 1717 Prince st.. South Berkeley, cal.
A TJOMAN with 10 years' experience will call
at ycur homeland give massage. MRS. JOHN-
SON. Phone Folsom 3274. . ¦
A WOMAN with .a child would. like position
In country as cook. Addresa A. G.. 1305
Green st.
FIRST-CLASS trimmer would like private cus-
tomers or will assist In millinery store. Ad-
dross box 563, Call office. - . •
YOUNG German woman wishes ¦ position In
delicatessen store; willing to help in kitchen
Address box 426, Call office. -
WOMAN wants work by the day, washing or
houscclcanlnf-; ?1 f>0 and car fare. Call or
addiess MRS. OSGOOD. 115 Hayes at.
LADY wants to work by the day. . 549 Howard
street. ,-..,-.¦
WOMAN wants work by the day. M.. box
122. Call office.
COMPETENT stenographer and bookkeeper
wishes position: six years' experience; bent
references. Box M0. Call office. -
ELDERLY American woman wishes light
housework, or to k*ep house for aged person;
good home, small wages. Box,- 732, Call.
ENGLISH lady desires situation In family:
- music (certificated). French (France). Box
107 r Campbell, Santa Clara Co.. CaL
| BUSINESS CEANCES— ConUnued.
A— CAMERON & CO. —Phone South 1050.
3. Eddy fet., cor. Market and Powell.
Head quarters for all kinds of business chances.
For: sale— Well furnished ft-room ark. moored
one hour's ride ironi city: fine chance for
summer outing: also for winter Ehootln-r and
fls-hing; completely furnished and equipped
for housekeeping; automatic generators for
making own gas; toiltt; closets: everything
strictly new and modern: accommodate 12
people over night; perfect little home; owner
obliged to Rn Kast; make o«er. CAMERON
& CO.. 3 Eddy st.
For sale or trade — Quartz mine; fine prospect;
located In Cal.; assays ?40 to f 70- ton; trade
for rmg.-hs. or busineys. CAJIERON.3 Eddy.
WANTED— To exchange Income property in
Alameda for stock of merchandise in San
Francisco. CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy Bt.
EXCHANGES made In all kinds of real estats.
rooming-houses and business chances. CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy si.
FOR .sale— Wholesale and retal manufactory
forVnaking all kinds of toilet articles, such
as face creams, tooth powders, shampooing
liquids, cold creams, toilet waters, periumes,
etc.: tstabltshed 4 year?; will bear strictest
Investigation : above goods in daily use and
must be had: guarantee handsome profits;
must sacrifice on account of sickness; price
fax>. CAMERON' &¦ CO., 3 Eddy at.
FOR sale — Well equipped millinery store;
beautiful showcases, counters and store fix-
tures; clean stock of goods; doing good busi-
ness; fine location; fittings cost more than
price asked; big snap at $1000; sickness.
CAMERON & CO.
FOR sale — Grocery, creamery, hay, feed, also
barley mill plant: bent Interior city in Cali-
fornia; over 4000 population; sold as whole
or separately, fine proposition; has the but-
ter business of the town: extensive interests
clsewheie only reason for selling: books open
tor inspection. For particulars, see CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
fsnno— SALOON; ntar city front; lease; rent
$80. See F. BERG, 31S Kearny et.
$200— PARTNER In light business; good
chance right man. See F. BERG. 31S Kearny.
$7500— LIVERY and boarding stable at a bar-
gain. See F. BERG. 318 Kearny st.
?350 SECURES a half interest In an estab-
lished cimrr.lssion business; man must be
honest, industrious and sober; references ex-
chauge-.l. Inquire 1007>i Market st., room 1.
FOR sale or mortgage — 100 acres heavily tim-
bered redwood. P. B. GALLAGHER. 36
Geary st.-
WANTED — Retired captain or suitable party
to start bay and river freighting office; free
rent; good location. Box 778, Call.
SALOON: 5 years' lease;' rent ?25; well lo-
cated; price $1250. Box 771. Call; no agents.
$1250 CASH or security; established corner gro-
cery and liquors: no opposition. 160!) Post st.
BAKERY for sale at a bargain it taken Im-
mediately; party wants to go to World's
Fair. Call at 2757 Twenty-fourth st.
GROCERY and liquor store In Western Addi-
tion fcr sale: good clean stock and fine
trade. Box .4805, Call office.
$500 WILL buy good commission business in
Oakland: established trade; Al location; act
Immediately. Box 1336. Call office, Oakland.
CIGAR store, must be sold; old established:
cheap rent; lease. Box 1324, Call office,
Oakland.
WANTED — Grocery and bar In good growing
location. Box 4604. Call office.
—^— ¦ — — — - — — — — — —^^^— —
FOR sale — Printing office, cheap; cause, death.
1684 Mission st.
— - — — ¦^^-^— —
WANTED — To buy a restaurant; state rent,
. seating rapacity, etc. Address box 3500. Call.
¦WANTED — To interview or correspond with
parties desiring investments. Box 4S0S, Call.
PLATINUM photo studio for sale cheap at
San Jose. Particulars 750 Stanyan et.
FOR rent — A saloon and 7 rooms. Apply to
ANTONE DAVILLA. Alvarado. Cal.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 100S Market Bt., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. ¦
IftDOINQ-HOTJSES rOB SAXB.:
A-CAMEROX & CO., Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy St., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses, Hotels and
- - All Kinds Business Chances.
108 rooms; rent only $5 60 per room, long
lease, up to date, downtown, modern house;
electric lights, bells and elevator; all light
j rooms, well furnished throughout; chance of
t lifetime to get first-class house that is clearing
$350 to $450 at bargain; has signed to accom-
modate large body of people in coming con-
clave; owner 'obliged to leave for Europe to
rattle an estate; make offer; exclusively with
us. .
28 rooms, new and elegantly furnished, on
Sutter; paying a handsome profit on Invest-
ment; call for particulars.
32 rooms; cheap rent; 2 years' lease; fine
downtown location; 2 entrances; everything in
first-class condition; good furniture and oar-
pets; clearing now $200 per month; If run tran-
sient can clear $300 to $35» per month; here is
best proposition in city. /
7-room modern flat, close In, well furnished;
cost ?6C0; a bargain If sold at once; $300.
C5 rooms; best downtown commercial house
in city; clearing now $300 per month; every-
thing flrst-claiw condition; will trade for Oak-
land, Alameda or Berkeley property or ranch
in California; must leave city. ¦
21 rooms; cheap rent; very central; good
furniture and carpets; clears $100 per menth;
must leave city; make an effer.
12S rooms; cheap rent; long lease; first-class,
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished;
clearing $500 to $600 per month; must sell on
account of other business; only with us.
60 rocms; new, modern building: elegantly
furnished: close In; full first-class people;
clearing a handsome profit; fine opportunity to
get an up-to-date - house reasonable; sickness.
24 rooms; rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished: oak and mancgany; fine proposition;
good lease.
5-year lease and contract for furnishing; new
and up-to-date 40-room house: fine central lo-
cation; liarty suddenly called East.
flO-rcom. r.ew, modern -2 and 3 room apart-
ment house; cheap rent; most el-gantly
equipped in city: 5 years' lease; every appoint-
ment heart could wish: this little gem at bar-
gain on. account of sickness.
45 rooms: rent only $123: first-class location;
well furnished and good running crder: clear-
ing now over $200 per month: always full; best
tuy fn city; account fdekness; price $4500.
ISO rooms; grand, new modern apartment-
house: elegantly furnished and equipped; cheap
rent; fine lease; paying $500 to $600 per month;
close In; full. of nice people; bargain If taken
at' once; dissolution of partnership.
30 rooms; newly, furnished throughout; 5-
year lease: downtown: fine respectable ' money-
making .house; part down, balance reasonable
interest.
8-room flat; rent only $50; water free; oak
furniture; good carpets; must sell by September
l; price $1CO.
• 75 room*: grand new building: elegantly fur-
nished; cheap rent: 10 years' lease; close In:
clears $400 per month; $4000 down, balance 8
per cent per annum; departure.
23 rooms; central; 4-year lease; clears $10.5
over all expenses; most elegantly furnished and
equipped little apartment house In city; call
for lull particulars; only with' us.'
1C rooms; rent $65; good furniture and car-
pets: always full; must cell within next ten
days;, leaving city; make offer.
31 rooms; cheap rent; thoroughly renovated:
all in fine thaperflne little apartment house;
clears $150; reduced' to $2S0O.
Large list of real estate, rooming-houses and
busineES for exchange cr trade always on hand.
CAMERON. & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
H. C- DECKER, 908 Market st.
Rooming-houses, Hotels and Flats .
- -f- ¦¦¦• -.• :: : v -.-
For Sale.,
From 5 to 600 Rooms.
1 • Prices From $50 to $20,000. .
Cash Payments or Exchange. - ;
27 'ROOMS; housekeeping; rent- $45 ;..$I200
€0. rooms; rent $300 '..¦......... t!OCO
S rooms; nicely furnished; with piano. ¦ Tili
.10 rooms; attractively furnished '. . ; 3000
. 18 rooms: new. and. elegantly furnished. 3<X*<>
HH rooms ; rent $fi.\ SOfl
¦ . 30 rooms; rent $105 _. 1S.00
25 rooms: r=nt $CO ...... ; .'. 1400
MERCHANTS" AGENCY; 10C8V* Market-st.
JtUlxb. SPniaCKCLsT. .H Proprietor
."¦.udrciLS Camamniotions io
JOJIX McXAUCIIT j^L 311^ 5^-
\V. J. 3LMITIX Bosiness^lariagor
Tfcxan*noNE.
AtW fci- THE CALL, in- operator Will Con-
nect Y-ju Wiiii i'le Department You With.
J'uL:icatic:i Office Maik^t and Third, S. F.
LJ:>.oriai Books ill. to 221 latrvenson *t.
txUvttei br Carrici--. 20 CU. Ter Week. 75
vtj.. P-r' Month. Single copies R Clt.
icrn.t i-y Mail. Lactcdlng Poetise (Cash Wlta
Orderi :
liAILY CALX, cnclud. Sunday). 1 year. . -5S.00
1-AlLV CA*-L Itodnd. Sunday*. C nias... * 00
VA1L.Y CAIJ — By Sirr'.e Month 7..C
M XI AY »ALL..i l'oar 2 •»"
V.KF.K.'.r CALL. 1 Year l-«>
FOREIGN.' h'aiiy... *$.$¦» I*" Year EUra
Li-,, - emoSvi •« Per Yesr Extra
. POS^AOt.. J weekly. l.U(» Per Year Extra
AH. POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE fcUBSCKIPTIONS.
tarnple Ocpie» will be forwarded »hen re-
<l'j«ste<3.
Mali rubycr'.bers in ordering change of sd-
C-.ttt should be particular lo give both NEW
AND OLD AUCRKiS In order to insure a
Kctrpt and correct cc-r.rjliaHr.e with their re-
qjeet. *
OAKLAND OFFICE:
15Z( Bro'ni^. Telephone Main 10S3
BUKKELoY OFFICE:
iliS Center Street Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
E AM I EL W. WALL Hotel Barton
r^tv tokk news stands:
tVa! dorr-Astoria Hotel: A. Brentano. 31
J.i;on Fqxixre: Murray Hi'.l Hotel; Fifth-avenue
Hotel ar.d tlcCmaa House.
SilCAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. News wi.: Great
Northern Hotei: Tremor.t House; Auditorium
IJ-icI, .'a'-^itr Houre.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Marquette Building.
•Lore Dittaooe Telephone. "Central 2til8.")
NEvT TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH o0 Tribune Building
NEW TORK. CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CAKLTON... Herald Square
BL'EINnsS OFFICE cf the San Francisco Call,
corner Market and Third streets: open until
12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
10OS Market meet, opposite Fifth; open until
11 p. m.
fC7 Montgomery street, comer Clay; open until
»:S-..p. m.
*>*¦> Have* Btreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
<vi3 MrAiMfter street; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
*il.*> I irl-:n street: cpen until 9:30 p. m.
';!>'l M'j-ivi **•. eet; or-cn until 10 p. m.
10ti ElevfJ.th t-trert; <ir*n until 9 p. m.
irw, Valencia street: cpen until 9 p. m.
Northeabt corner Church and Duncan streets;
open untii 0 p. m
Zyst Fi'lmore uree:* open until 9 p. m.
aCEETIgg -gOTICES.
GOLDEr: GATE Lodge No. 3<>. F. and «
A. M— Celled meeting THIS (TUES- VV
1'AVi EVENING, at 7 o'clock. Third
fipgrte. « Ly order <* W. SI.
" Ef'VMN L. MEYER. Secretary.
•"JRIENTAL l^dge No. 144. F. and A. m
M.. Mas^nu- Temple — Third depree ~V^f
THIS {TUESDAY) EVENING, at 7:30
-j-lc..-k. M^-tf-r Masona cordially in-
v:.fd. HENRY K PENNELL. W. M.
pOSTtLMT AGKJCTE — BEST PROPOSITION;
MONEY' EVERY SATURDAY. L1EBER-
3 VNN. ROOM 4. 231 POST ST.
AGUNTh-wAn agrney for a proposition that is
a <j -cioed irr.:uov*ment on building and loan
is -xorth hating. Great Western Improve-
riiem O mnany. Parroit building.
-L.ve.BT lady apprefiates th* new Victoria
Protector; s^lls at sisht fcr $1; agent.*' sam-
ple rw^tjial.1. 63c: catalogue. WESTERN
SYNDK ATL\ 70CB Powell st.
UP TO-DATE agents, eitr,-- sex: »?11« at sight:
uted in every home: b.g commission. 1055
V-afhlngton t?t. Office 7 and S. Oakland.
WE have a iiropncltion that will enable you
to roak* money at home or traveling; liberal
fcr-in!fflcn. :,0 G<-ary yt.. room 23.
ATTOBHXTS-AT-I*AW.
R. W. iCING. Attcrney-at-Law. Exam. bldg.
?J'Ji floor' entrance room Cll; established 15
y«-«rs; iasf*. general court and office
practlc*~;^3o fee in advance or for consulta-
tion; evenings by appointment. Tel. Red SOU.
ADVtCE free Ofl all legal matters; divorces a
ratdaltrt private, quick: no pay in advance;
rr.lring companies nrganized;patent« obtained
G,, W. HOWE. 1122 Market *t. : estab. 22 yrs."
ADflCE free: divorce coate ?12; quick, quiet;
all law bj-sinf^s; no charge unless success-
ful; open -tveninge. Ji27 Market, room 204.
COLLECTIONS, attac'-.rr.ents. mechanic's
Hens, jirobate. tenants ijected. Attorney. 63::
Market et.. room 3.
—^— — —^^_^_ _^__^_^_
"DIVORCE— >eost5. $12; quick, quiet; advice
free; a!l law business; no chance unleos suc-
cysful: open evenings. 027 Market, room 301.
ADVICE fror; divorce costs $12; no fees or
costs in advance; all law business; office
op-.» Saturday evenings. 819 Market St.. r.33.
L. 8. CLAItK. :<27 Market, r 304; consultation
'r*e; ro. tees in auvanre; o«i-rj evenings.
PATENTS obtained: Information furnished for
tale of patents. SONNTAG Agency, 214 Pins.
Co!urabisn Lan- & «'rii!<?ction Agency, r. S3 916
Msrkrt: tel. John C22C. solicits your busin««.
A7/TOMOBILES.
AUTOMOBILES FOR~iALET ~
WZ O:c2s.r.-/ij-:ie l ur.about.
1902 four-sarser.zer St. Louis.
1001 Wintcn nsamboot.
ir>ri2 Pierce motorette.
IUCA fiv«--t,ai-.--.:r.eer autocar.
liyVV four-i.isrer.cer Knox.
Write fcr -pstrtlcntan ar.d price*
E. MOHRIG.^123 City Ha'.l ave.
WTLL -trade a lot in Fruit vale Tor a motor
cyr>. Hccr-i HO. 021 Jiroa^ay. Oakland.
RUNABOUT automobile for $450; good run«-in^
order. Box 40«X Call office.
A CAMERON automobile. 1904 n-o*el for
_- •>*>¦ Box- 4*,-i7. Call office.
ADVpnTieKlirrNTS. -fub^riptior.s received at
C»il I>r&Hc t i orfic.cor.Dunca'i and Church sts
CHEAPEST und b*st "n America— The Weekly
¦ ASTHMA EEI4XDT.
VI NOLA'S Asth:-na~!^rr^d7TeT[e\Vs Instant
Jy; 30c. 2.V, r/'c. 1C02 Market. £t. Nicholas-
fc!»o Wlsltart. JOth ar.d Washington. Oakland!
BOOKS.
ECK«"W)L books, rid and neir, bought and sold
DALY & CURRAN.-S57 Gtary it: * Dq .*°'- a -
B0AK3IEC FOB CHn.3E.EJT.
A GERMAN lady, with two children of her
"?J- ; »'»*¦"¦* tm o little Ei.-ls to boaril. Box
Call offlee.
KFFINED home Tor little p'rl. music Included
$15 Txr month: r.lSl 24th tt.. nr. Howard."
WANTED — fTMiflren to board. 24r» Minna «t.
'^¦¦I'V £tf« ~i°r bey over 6 years; ncaT'park!
CIOTggTO KEgQyATtgP.
SUITS cleared srd pieced.- 51; scouring and
eyeing. ,Br«n ilarche. 40 Ellis et.. room 14-
phone Drumm 44. Call for end deliver free.'
Bad tenant* ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. Pacific Collection Cb.. 415
Kir.tgomery. rocms P-10; tel. Main UtSO.
CHIROPODISTS.
CORNS, bunions. Ingrowing nails treated free"
lo September 1: no cutting; no soreness af-
lerwcrd. DR. W. A. DAWES. 233 Geary *L.
rooty *.
_, COTTAGES JTO X.ET.
f22 .'4— LOVELY eunry cottage: C room-*, bath;
_< water froc. :i.*, Qu m berlar.d et . . - cor. - Dol ore*.
CT-TTAGE of S roomr; every convenience. 3213
Foisom/ reel flh.' Key - 300 Pf eclta ave. *
&OPOIITG-HOPSES rOB SAI-E — Con.
MARION GRIFFIN.
406 Hearst blfig., over Examiner, entrance.
Cor. Third and Market sts. Tel. Black 3607.
Huo.ning-housitt and hotels fcr sale.
3- -ROOMS; corner house; centrally located;
Mell furnished; transient house; clearing now
over $2uO per mo.; properly conducted would
clear $400 to $500; long leace; on account of
severe sickness of owner; no reasonable offer
will b« reiused. Particulars M. GRIFFIN.
70 ROOMS; commercial hotel and bar; located
in one of California's rinest and most flour-
ishing interior cities; thoroughly known all
over the State; clears^Irum $:juo to $400 every
month; almost a gilt at $5000. Particulars
MARION GHIFFIN. 4'iti Examiner building.
2<J ROOMS; business corner; clearing big
money; investigate and make offer; it's a
snap which you will recognize as soon as
you get particulars from M. GRIFFIN.
10-ROOM house; well furnished; rent only $40;
close in; this week for $450. M. GRIFFIN.
GRAND corner house of 24 rooms, all bay-win-
dows; every convenience; handsomely fur-
nished; private bath suites; lease; a money-
maker. MARION GRIFFIN.
31 ROOMS. 19 furnished new, 12 rented unfur-
nished; rent only $130; price only $1500; half
cashK you wish; here's a splendid proposi-
tion with very little work attached to it; not
a vacant room in the house; thoroughly re-
spectable and flrst-c'ass locality. Exclusively
for sale by MARION GRIFFIN. .
20 ROOMS; well furnished; centrally located;
$100 month profit: price $1300. M. Griffin.
16 ROOMS; good furniture; quiet and Respect-
able location; clears $75 per month; offered
for SlflCO; $1000 less than its value: this Is a
home plnce. Exclusively with M. GRIFFIN.
MAGNIFICENTLY furnished apartment house
of S5 rooms; rent $450; 10 years' lease; cost
$12.C0O spot cash to furni«h; every room fur-
nished; the owner is East and we are au-
thorized to pell for $0000. M. GRIFFIN.
MITCHELL & CO.
1200 Market st Phone Jessie 2!)S1.
Rooming: and apartment houses, hotels and
flats sold EUlt purchasers; titles guaranteed.
MITCHELL & CO
NICELY furnished rooming- house of 17 rooms
with lease; very chear> if sold soon; owner
leaving cltyl Inquire 1143 Larkln st.
FOR sale — Lodsing-hcuse. 2S rooms; rent $50;
good location. Box 4606, Call office.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at IOCS Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open untU 11 p. m.
SPIRITUALISM.
MME. YOUNG'S test circle to-night, 10c. 619
McAllister; all life readings, 1720 Sacto St.
W. G. KEEGAN holds a test seance every
night except Saturday; 10c. 148 Sixth gt.
MRS. WAYBORN. medium; $1 readings this
week 25c; cir. Mon.. FrU; 8 p.m. 1235 Mkt.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, business medium and
life reader. 12(K5 Market st.. Gait House.
C. MAYO STEERS; psychic readings by mall $1.
S5G8 17th St., San Francisco; tel. Capp 856.
EARLE'S slate test seance to-night; questions
answered. 1052 Ellis st.
CLAIBVOYAWT3. .
FROM ALL SECTIONS THEY COME TO
WITNESS THE WONDERFUL DEMON-
STRATION
OF THE NOTED LIVINGSTONE.
READINGS, $1.
He has met every expectation, every adver-
tised promise.
He Is acknowledged by all who consult him
as- a true exDcnent of the occult science; for
overcoming trouble, bad luck, ill health, busi-
ness-, love, family and financial worries; -nould
it not be a relief to know how you will suc-
ceed? to be relieved of the matters that ar*;
troubling you and of the schemes of your ene-
mks, that you may mett with better success"
Then don't hesitate until too late.
Go at once to LIVINGSTONE.
Who Is permanently located at '
428 Eddy St.; lady attendant.
Everything strictly confidential.
Three separate reception parlors.
AA — CALL at once and save $4.
My famous $5 readings this week for $1.
PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever In San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge If I fail to tell your name, and
what you want to know. I tell If husband, wife
or bweetheart Is true or false, whom and when
you will marry; in fact, I will tell every hope,
fear or ambition better than you can tell your-
self. 1 will Improve your condition so you will
reach the greatest possible strength In mental
and bodily vlgoi. and luck that insures success
In business, mining, speculation; 1 implant the
controlling power in your nature so you can
fcsclnate any one you desire, win the one you
love, bring back your loved one, and cause
marriage with one of choice. 10 a. m. to 8
p. m. : closed Sunday. 326 O'Farrell st.. 326.
MME. M, BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St., next Examiner
bldg.; she reads. your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur In the future; If you are in trouble,
discontented or not satisfied with life, or
have domestic, love or business troubles, con-
sult this great medium and you will be told
how to overcome them; valuable advice In
all affair* of life; 25c up;. satisfaction guar-
anteed; open Sundays. Teli Black 4509.
A — Phenomenal. $5 mental reading for $1 00.
ELSMERE, Egyptian | seer, clairvoyant,
medium, palmist; educated by adepts In In-
dia; t)O*se«ses a marvelous power; a mental
wonder; you have never consulted one whose
methods are so truthful ana upon whos» ad-
vice in all matters you can depend; two-
tliirdB cf mankind consult M-rne seer to as-
certain that which is to happen to them;
others obtain the benefit of their influence
and advice: consult the best: it costs no
more; cpen Sunday; mail $2..1007Vi Market.
A — Miss M. Wille. 3«0 Kills, clairvoyant crys-
»al seer ar.d life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called tor without asking a ques-
ticn: names given ; special, $1; hours 10 to 8.
M1S3 ZEMDAR. young gifted rlair. & palm.
1 correctly treat your love 'affairs, domestic
troubles, bus. and financial success: names;
L.. 50c: O.. $1. 71 1 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.
1SMAR. L'syptlan ricress. The Vendome, 110+
Market m.. San Francisco. Office hours — 10
a. m. to 5 p. m.; Sundays, 10 to 12; Wednes-
Jay tver.lng. ti to 8. Phone South 1141.
OMAR, the mystic — Advises and helps you In
all affairs; readings dally: all disease cured
without drugs; lady attendant; afternoon and
evening. 21S Eddy fet. • • •.
Mrs.A.H.Kroi-enbtrg. palmlst.clatrvoyant, card
irearjer; ivlien others fail try meipood readings
•J5c. 721 Franklin. nr.G.G.av. Tel. Larkln 4207.
A— MME. RAVENNA reads life; buslnes3 ad-
vice- names eiven: 25c up. S Ellis st.
A— MME. HOFFMAN, the wonder of the age;
know the truth. 1207 Market, r. 11. 2d floor.
MME. WALTERS, treat card reader; la. 25c.
gents .lOc. 1)51 Missicn st., nr. Cth: open Sun.
MME. LINDA, palmist and psychic: card-
reader: reading, 25c; no sign. .112 Jessie st.
MISS WARD, clairvoyant, elves names, dateo,
facts; readlnsB daily. 917 Markjct, room 10.
PALMISTRY, card reading, 25c and 50c. Mhis
L Ka'intus. 704% Larkin: 10 -a... m.-O p. m.
MRP. BAUMANN, the well-known fortu.ia-
'elk-r. I •¦ now at 317 Ellis »t. •".'-
C^BPETJ3EATIBrO AWP CLEAinafa.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process unU
verbally used for . cleaning carpets on floor I
without removal; carpots and rugs are also I
cleaned by compressed air at shop; prices '
moderate. S. F. Compressed Air Cleaning
Cu.. 308 Market •=(.; phones Main 152 and
Bush 479. .
WHEN yon tecouie disgusted with your work
¦ send for SPAULDING S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
-lng.t-.orkg. oSS-357 Tuhama st.-TeL South 40.
WESTERN CarDet Cleaning Works, 1809 Har-
rison 8t.;-Al.,cleanins* -3c- iFRED HAGE-
DORN & CO. ; phone Mission 225.
MITCHELL'S 240 Fourteenth St.— First-class
carpet, cleaning 3c .yard. Tel. Mission 74.
CON'KMN'S Superior. Carpef-Beatlng Work*.
. 333. Golden* Gate ave. Telephone East 128.
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating; mat-
treetca made over. 1432 Howard iteLSouth 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.; 402 Sutter St.;
t*!. atnln:a-'4. GF.6..WALCOM A CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH- & CO., carpet-beatins Ts-orks; prices
r«a«un--l)l<;. I7f>.". Harrison St. : tel. Minion '2K\
DHESSMAKEBS^Alirp SEAKSTBESSES.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Patterns cut' to "measure; eve." class;1019 Mkt.
Actfordiorf. sunburst - and- knife-plaltlng. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor.
j BIRDS. DOGS. ETO._
! YOUNG talking parrot?, $5 each; doss, ruen-
ke]tki bird?. cag*f. goldfish In endless va-
riety. See i-atatosuc. W. Cartels. 1Mb Mkt.
HA RTZ Mountain canaries AAf.-lcan ,jray par-
rots, just received. A.C. Robison..T^i Kearny.
FOH BALE — Ger.uire waty tpanirls at 4*26
N'aitnia -?t.. upstairs. COLEIIAN.
BUSINESS _ CHANCES.
A— $2</i0: liilf interest in old established
«-oinn-.i5sion store: butter, ergs and country
prubttcc; a good business; retiring partner to
lpav~ this city; a rare cham-r lor good man.
So? R. C. WILKE. 2ti',i Kearny st.
A- $1200* CORNER f-aloon on Folsom St.; rent
«2C; pl-^e. coins a lirst-class -jaying buslnass.
Hce K. «;. WILKE, 2iJ'« Kearny »t.
A— $175C'; BAKERY, tstab. many years; dally
jtccipts $."K):bakinB "J'.i barrels day:very best
tocat'n. Particulars li.G. WILKE. 2<i'i Kearny
A— Si 250: COFFEE and tea store with route of
« ustorr.ers, horse, wagon, etc.; In best busi-
ne*»s town across the bay; full value In sight;
a well rttablirhed and good paying- business,
fcce K. G. WILKE. 26»i Kearny st.
A— $1500; CORNER saloon; in choicest location
cf the Mission: rent $20; place established
many years; doing- a good paying business.
See R. G. WILKE, 2C»/j Kearny et. ¦
$2000— BARBER shop; 4 chairs; elegant fix-
tures and clearing at least $50 per week;
rent $75. including 7 rooms; located In the
choicest business part of this cHy. Call R.
G. WILKE. 2fl'-i Kearny st.
A— $7.V>; DELICATESSEN, branch bakery and
fancy grocery; 4 nice living rooms; rent $25;
daily receipts about $20; best location north
of Market st. Call R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearr.y st.
A— $1COO; THE leading oyster-house and res-
taurant in Santa Rosa; rent $50; business
established years and making money. . See
H. G. WILKE. 26 H Kearny st.
A— $2200; ROADHOUSE; the best in Sonoma
County; house cf 6 rooms, orchard etc.; *h»
>ears" lease; Investigate at once' a raie
chance. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny it.
A— $1S.OO: CORNER saloon; about 1 block from
Chronicle building; lease; one of the best lo-
cations In this city; rare chance. See K.
G. WiLKE. 26Vi Kearny st.
A— $1200; corner salonn on Ellis st.. rent $40.
lease; dally receipts $16; fine location, good
business. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— $1200; corner family liquor store: choicest
location in Western Add.: value In sight
and a good paying business: 4% years'
lease. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — $6500; SALOON, one of the best on Market
et.; 4%-year lease; rent $107; place is ele-
gantly fitted up and never clearing less than
$350 per month. See R. *». WILKE. 26%
Kearny st.
A— $2600; HOTEL In San Mateo Co.; 29 fur-
nished rooms, dining and bar room, bowling
alley and dance pavilion; rent $100; horse,
wagen and 3 cows; 5-year lease. See R. vi.
WILKE. 26% Kearny it.
A— $2000; CORNER saloon; only one block of
Market st. ; place established years; 4 rooms
upstairs; lease; rent $70; a good budneas.
Bee R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — $2000; CORNER saloon: living rooms;
place establ. years: doing a good-paying busi-
rtss; lea**; sickness of owner compels him
to sacrifice. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $3500; CORNER grocery and bar on Fulton
St.; rent $60; living rooms; stock will In-
voice about S2S00; a well established and
first-class paying business. See R. G.
WILKE. 26ii Kearny «t.
A— $350: CORNER cigar stand on water front;
rent $25: value In sight; a good business.
See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny St.
A— $1750; GROCERY and bar; located In the
best manufacturing town of San Mateo Co.;
cash trade; rent $30: 4 furnished rooms;
lease. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny St.
A— $2OTK>; CORNER saloon with 4 years' lease
In wholesale district; owner bought ramch
and tacrlfices; saloon established years; a
first-class paying place. See R. (-. WILKE,
26%' Kearny et.
A— SSOO: CORNER saloon In wholesale district;
rent $50; place doing a fine business; sur-
rounded by wholesale houses; no night or
Sunday work. R. O. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— S3500; ELEGANT barroom, with mercan-
tile lunch; en Montgomery St., vicinity of
California; place must be sacrificed on ac-
count of ill health of owner. See K. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
THE SAWYER- BLETHEN CO.,
111$ Market st.
Business Exchange. Real Estate and Loans.
$950 — Restaurant; good location; seats 80;
everything in fine condition.
$1250 — Rooming-house: 25 rooms, all full;
four blocks from this office; clears $100.
Grocery sit Invoice;- fixtures, safe and horse
and wagon al half cost; business established
10 years ago; best bargain in the city.
t'.iuO — Saloon in Rood condition; 3 living rs.
Cigar stand on Eddy st. See us, make offer.
Sl'Xi — Cigar stand: fine place for young man.
$130 — Cigar stand; worth double the meney.
$5000 — Meat market; clears $000 per month;
invite close investigation.
$4000 — Grocery and delicateFsen; on cor-
ner: ;» living rooms; clears $250 per month.
$200 — D*Iicate*-s<?n; good place fcr man and
wife; clears $75 per month.
FINE OPPORTUNITIES.
IF you -wish to buy or sell property of any
description, dwelling cr rooming bouse,
grocery, butcher shop, delicatessen, branch
bakery, cigar stand, saloon or business of
any kind, do not fail to call upon us; we
may. have just what you want to buy or a.
purchaser for what you have to sell. SEAL
KOCK INVESTMENT CO., 1312 Market »t..
rooms 418-419; telephone Folsom U16S.
GROCERY and family liquors, with four
rooms above; modern: will sell property
either with or wlfhoct store; small cash pay-
ment down, balance on easy payments; this
plac« Is in a growing part cf the city, with
a good trade and no opposition.
SEAL ROCK INVESTMENT CO.,
1312 Market st..
Rooms 418-419. Tel.- Folsom 3468.
FOR sals, at a sacrifice and agreeable term*,
or to lease fcr 5 or 10 years; a line located
hon;c and established health resort. 27 rocms;
several -mineral springs on it; old age the
«au?e. For particulars inquire or call at
MR.S. HOPI'INS SPRING, Eart!«U Springs,
Lake O'unty. Cal.
WHOLESALE and retail business, with large
tfrritcrial franchises controlling . pale of a
staple manufactured article; established
business; rapidly increasing; big future cer-
tain; excellent . f'fen'ng for energetic man.
Box 1303. Call office. Oakland.
BARGAIN.
Good rayir.g small milk dairy; near Redding;
thoroughbred stock; everything complete; no
corep^iition; fuil opportunity for investigation.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO., 41C-4U2
Eighth st., Oakland. -.
RESTAURANT lor eale in one* of the best
mining* towns in California; will stxt CO peo-
ple; "il steady luarders at $20 per month
?nU a B'rf>d . transient trade; 10 rooms 'up-
stairs a!t rented: a money-making place;
price $1CCO. Address box <*i\)d. Call office.
LOCAL "manufactuier with larec stock high-
c'.ass, exclusive.. r.on-comr>etitlve goods, 100
per cer.t ciofit. desires $5000 , to extend
• wholesale) with active services of partici-
pant preferred." Box 5O. Call office.
$CCo— GOING to Canada.- ~ T
Branch bakery, delicatessen and lunch
room; money-maker for man and wife; fine
livin? rooms; make effcr; no agents. Address
box C43. Call olfice. : . . .
FOR sale — Old-established stationery and
periodical \ business, with , », long lease: on
account of sickness cf owner. Apply, to 'E
BAUER, S. F.. .Nervs Co.. 312 Geary st. '
A HOTEL for sale, situated at a well-known
rummer resort .-in i Lake. County . on -a- large
like, with ample grounds, cottages and out-
buildings;' ijrice .reasonable.. Box 4611, Call.
J.3C0 fc.T a good grocery; fine stock; rent $15,
Including store, 3 -rooms and garden; furni-
ture* -for" eale. 'HAWKS '& MEHRTENS.
Webster et. and Railroad aVe., • Alameda.
WANTE'D— Lady ' partner "willing to Invest
$5t.0r good paying, legitimate business,. mak-
ing big money;- needs two: . Address. box 424
Call office. ..*¦•¦¦ -
A PERSON of executive ability, with" $500,
handle your. own money; one-third interest
In paying concern; no triflers wanted! . Ad-
dress box 4600, .Call office.- •
I HAVE a wagon route In city, clearing $4
per day; cash business; no Sunday . work;
value In rlgni; price $500. : ' 329 Noe st. •
SISd— PARTNER wanted, In. long established
liuriness; will pay .$80 .per month; .short
hours; light 'work..- S7 Third st.. room 14.- i
FOR. eale — Dressmaking and halrdresslhg busi-
ness; good trade; sickness cause. ¦ Box 432,
Call office.- -. - '.
FOR SALE— Good corner naloon orhalf In-
terest; !«ase: good .location. . Box €99. Call.'
WANTED-^A desirable saloon In gcol locality;
willing to give $MX> or $300. j Box 429. Cs.il."
EMPLOYMENT WAHTEP— remalc--Con
WANTED— Sewir.g by day or week: $1 and
car fare. Address Seamstress, 571 East
Twelfth st.. East Oakland^
YOUNG woman wants situation as seamstress.
T.. box 124. Call office. -
WANTED — Position as cook; good references.
Box 180, Call offtce. _
SWEDISH girl would like housework; good
cock. Box 1S3, Call office. ">
POSITION as child's nurse. Apply 343
Clementina st.
A DRESSMAKER wishes a few mere engage-
, ments by day. Apply 460 Fourth st.
SITUATION as tailoress. 1909 Mission st.
WOMAN wants work as waitress. Box 143,
Call office.
WOMAN wants mending to do. US Ryan ave.
WANTED— Washlns by th» day. Apply 763
Bryant st.
YOUNG lady wishes position as stenographer;
3 years' experience. Box 77, Call office.
WOMAN wants work by day. Box 66, Call
office.
WANTED — Work by the day, washing and
Ironlne. Box 85, Call.
WOMAN wishes to do washing by the day.
21 White «t.
YOUNG girl wishes to care for baby. ETHEL
HOLLY. 108 McAllister et.
WANTED— Place as nurse girl. Box 111. Call
office.
A WOMAN wishes house cleaning. 245 Minna
street.
DRESSMAKER wishes work; $1 50 day. 1258
Howard it.
WORK wanted by the day or half day; 75c to
$1 50; S to 2. Box 108, Call office.
PLAIN sewing- r.eatly dons. Call 1446 Clay
st., or phone Larkln 4711.
YOUNG lady wants a situation In the country.
125 Taylor st.
EXPERIENCED woman would like sewing by
the day. Box 2S6. Call office.
COOK would like situation. Apply box 251,
Call office.
YOUNG girl would like a position as servant.
Box 230, Call office.
YOUNG lady wants position to learn milli-
nery trade. Address box 223. Call office.
COPYING to do at home. Address box 595.
Call office.
WANTED — Position as housekeeper by lady;
references. Box 593. Call.
SITUATION as first-class cook; city or coun-
try; best references. Apply 327 Fourth st.
RELIABLE German girl wants housework In
small family; wages $25. Box 34?. Call.
WANT work by the day: all kinds of work.
Phone Scott 1324.
FIRST-cIass dressmaker In families; $2 60 per
day. S73 Sutter at.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED — MAL2,
YOUNG German, who served three years north
with First Light Hussars, wants place as
coaenman; is first-class horseman; good ref-
erences. Address H. KLINK, 723 Califor-
nia st.
SOBER, reliable man, understands care of
horses, garden, etc., wants situation on pri-
vate place: can milk; references; city or
country. Box 74S, Call office.
BOOKKEEPER; expert bookkeeper, 18 years'
experience, desires engagement; collections
and correspondence a specialty; salary mod-
erate. Box 701, Call office.
YOUNG man, 20 years old. wants position In
hotel office: 4 years' experience; French.
German. English. ¦ Address M. J. DUTT-
BERND, 102S Jackson st.
GERMAN, middle-aged and single. - wishes
situation as clerk in grocery store and bar-
rocm: flrst-clasa references. W. BOHLING,
417 Kearny et.
SOBER, steady man wishes position in oyster
business; understands all branches, espe-
cially planting and handling boats. J.
FETERSON. 41 Tilden st.
MIDDLE-AGED man wants situation on pri-
vate place; care for horses; cows and gar-
den; handy with tools; references. Box SOOt
Call office.
SALESMAN with long experience wishes posi-
tion in general rn,erchandine store In the
country; good references. Box 746, Call.
MIDDLE-AGED man wishes position as watch-
man, janitor, porter or any light work; city
or country. Box 741. Call office.
CARPKNTER. cabinet-maker, thoroughly ex-
perienced, geed workman, wants work; $3 a
day. Box 743. Call office.
STOUT young man, 19 years cf age, neat ap-
pearance, desires any profitable employment.
Box 793. Call office.
BARBER wants work evenings. Saturday and
Sunday. Address box 747, Call offt<?e.
MACHINIST wants position; all-round man;
eight years' experience. C. G.. box 742, Call.
CONFECTIONER wants a position, hotel or
restaurant. Box 524, Call office.
BLACKSMITH'S helper. non-union, wishes
employment, city or country. Box 790, Call.
STEADY, reliable Scandinavian wants work
of any kind; can drive and care for horses.
Box 7SS, Call offlee.
A FIRST-CLASS bartender Is open for posi-
tion. Address box 769, Call office.
CLTCRX. middle-ased. desires engagement with
w!ioie«ale house, office or store; la famiiiar
•with OrUrtai trade; best references. Address
box 504, CVU office.
SITUATION as fcreman or manager of dairy
or "ranch wanted by a married man; long ex-
perience and best of references. Box 4S0,
Call office.
SOBER, industrious young man wishes situa-
tion in wholesale or retail hardware or
crockery house: salary no ohject If chance
for advancement. Box 441. Call.
A SOBER, reliable man, having 4 to 5 hours
eveiy evening, desires situation as janitor;
salary no cbject. Audress O. PETERSON.
522 Mission st. t
NURSE (male) wl<-h»« case, any kind; grad-
uate traininK school: gives massage; first-
claw references: •* tiling to travel. Address
Bex C2J. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by American. 56: highest
rcliabllit> ; can do clerking, chamberwork.
etc., in hotel or rooming-house. Box 5.50.
Call office.
MAN and wife, cooks, first and second; mine,
lumber camp or R. R. cars. Address box
729, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by all-around machinist;
also experienced at brass patterns and gen-
eral brass work. Address box 635. Call office.
RELIABLE young man desires position as col-
lector cr ouiside man; beat of city refer-
ences. Box 42.'!. Call office.
MARRIED man <27>. good practical business
experience; salesman, bookkeeper, "jeneral
effico work: anywhere. Box 570, Call office.
PRACTICAL cutter and fitter, with long ex-
psrlence and reference, desires a position
Box 752, Call office.
A FIRST-CLASS gardener wants position;
private place; can handls horses and milk
Bf.x 1349. Call office. Oakland. •
MACHINIST, first class, wishes position iii
ripen shop; references if desired. Box 60
Call office. .' :
YOUNG gentleman with valuable mechanical
engineering and business experience deslre3
responsible position. Box 437. Call.
BARBER, with C months' experience. want3
job to finish the trade. J. NEWDORFER
76 Harriet st. *
WANTED— By respectable young man for Ocp-
tembcr 1, light employment; good references
Address 327". H?.rrison st.
AN ¦ experienced salesman wants position in
wholesale furnishing goods house. Bex 7o
Call office.
YOUNG German wants Job in grocery store
or paloon. Address WILLIAM SIPSES U7
Third st. • .
WORK wanted in upholstering, varnl?h'ng
furniture and pianos; good work, very reas-
onable. . Box 303, Call office.
LABORING work of any kind desired by a
strong sober man: ete'ady work preferred-
ploase' state 'wares. Address box 564, Call."
EMPLOYMENT WASTED — Mala—Con.
GERMAN. .". months here, wishes steady good
position; also small ranch or fruit farm;
wages no object. L~x *J.Srt. Call.
YOUNG man wishes position as bell or ele-
vator boy :n a hotfl or club in the city.
Box «3S, Call.
A YOUNG man. 10. desires position as sales-
man In a music house; references. Box 213,
Call office.
BRIGHT boy 16. wishes •» position driving a
butch»r cart. Address F. B. HUDSPETH.
100 Eleventh st./
WANTED— By a reliable man with best city
references, position as companion or night
watchman In private family. Box 96. Call.
BOY wishes a job as errand boy. 832 Fol-
som St.; ?4 per week. .
WANTED — Job as bartender In grocery bar.
E. W. G.. 737 Market st.
WANTED — A position as gardener. Address
700 Pierce st.
LADIES' tailor wants good position. Call 1313
Howard st.
WANTED — A position as porter in saloon. Ad-
dress 1724 Oak st.
POSITION wanted as blacksmith. 815 Howard
St., San Francisco.
YOUNG man wishes position In soliciting busi-
ness. 1015 Devisadero at.
POSITION as engineer ; locomotive or station-
ary; used to oil. Box 39O, Call.
TAILOR wishes position. Addresa ISO* Powell
street. -¦'•"'.
NEAT young man desires position In any
clerical work; reasonable wages. Address
E. P.. 11 Sheridan st. ,
MACHINISTS* apprentice. 3*4 years' experi-
ence, wants position In automobile shop;
references. Box 39$, Call office.
BOY wants position after school. Address 750
Buchanan st.
BC'OKKEEPER wants position. Address 1230
Geary st.
WANTED— A Job as errand boy. Address 41T
Mason st.
BOY wishes a steady Job. T3T Howard St.,
room 40.
WANTED— PosiUon as night watchman. 014
Larkln st.
BOY wants to learn printing. Box 13<X Call.
WORK wanted by bushelman. 227 Third «t.
PORTER wants position in good barber shop.
J. JACOBS. 1420 Devlsadero et.
A SHIPPING clerk wants a poeltlon In •
wholesale house. Box 215. Call office.
WHOLESALE grocery salesman wants posl-
tlcn; references. 1434 Webster st.
A BOY 14 years oil wishes a stead/ Job,
3179 Army at.
Young man wants employment, where there's
chance for advancement: ref. Box 601. Call.
CARPENTER wants work by day or Job. 415
Clementina st.
ELECTRICIAN— Younff man, 17. experienced
In electricity, wishes position. Box 665. Call.
EXPERIENCED mining assayer. surveyor and
bookkeeper. Box 67. Call.
JAPANESE first-class cook wants a situation
in city or country: best referf nces; wages $35
yip. Address S. K., 931 Sacramento st.
JAPANESE boy wants a position for half day's
<-r r-iuht's work. FRANK, room 11. 810«-»A
Stockton st.
JAPANESE young man wants position to do
good cooklns In small family. Phone Paxe
302S: MO Halght st.
JAPANESE boy wants position at housework.
waiter,laundry:$5 up a week. I. F.,451 Jessie.
JAPANESE man and wife wish positions: man
good ccok. experienced In all kinds of Indoor
a*ork and the cire of horses; wtfa plain cook,
waitress, fine laundress, house-work: wages
$50 month fcr both. Box 4874. Call office.
YOUNG Japanese boy (genteel) wishes posiU?o
as school boy; wages no object. O. 1KI, 431
Sterenson srt. Phone Jessie 2381.
JAPANESE young faithful boy wants position.
cocking and housework: small family: city.
Y. KASU, 243 Ellis St.: phone Jessie 624.
A YOUNG" Japanese wants position In store or
hotel as a general bouseworker. KAZU. 1753
Flllmore st. ,
JAPANESE boy wants position at housework.
waiter, laundry; $5 up week. I. F.. 451 Jessie.
A NICK strong Japanese wants position as
schoolboy. S. N.. 319 Devisadero st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch Office, cor. Duncan Sk Church sts.
yiUATS TO UTT.
A — HOUSES and; flats to let: an Immense list;
service absolutely free: take advantage of
this department: It will sav 9 you time and
trouble. Cordes Furnltur* Ca, 243-239
Geary st.. on the square.
NOE. ccr. 19th — The Mission warm belt; on*
block from IStb or Castro cars; lovely, new.
modern, sunny 4 and 5 room flats; every con-
venience; must be seen, etc.; storerooms :
rents $20 to $27 50; water free. Key* 3379
19th at.
A GOOD upper flat; 951 Post St.: « rooms and
bath: rent $32 50. Inquire of BOVEE. TOT
Sc CO.. 117 Montgomery st.
CASTRO 421. near 17th— Sunny belt: modem
upper French, eunny 11 rms.: balcony; grand
view; convenient for 2 families;cheap;stabl«.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 967. , opp. Jefferson
square — Sunny, modern flat; 5 rooms and
bath; no children; $25.
HAIGHT. 706— Only one left of those « new
Cats; 8 largs sunny rooms; marble vestibule*,
etc.: owner on the premises.
NICE sunny flat. 6 rooms and bath; good ma-
rine view; southeast corner Broadway and
Jones st.
POINT LOBOS AVE., 320— SUNNY SIX-
ROOM FLAT: JUST RENOVATED: RENT
.«16.
CAPP. 1CS6 — New sunny Cat. 8 rooms and
bath: alt frescoed.
ELEGANT upper flat. 6 large, sunny rooms
and bath; rent reasonable. 1737 Page st.
ELEGANT upper flat. 6 large sunny room*
and bath: rent reasonable. 1737 Page sc.
ELGIN PARK. 76— Middle flat of 4 nice sunny
rooms, laundry, yard; rent $16.
FILLMORE, 1124 — Modern 7 rooms; all larg*s
and light; corner; rent reasonable.
FINE upi^er sunny flat, 5 rms., bath: marlns
view. Koltn:eier, N.E. cor. Filbert-Taylor.
FLAT to let: 4 rooms, bath, laundry, stable,
j *M9 Liberty st.
FLAT. 4 sunny rooms; large yard; rent $14.
714 Natoma st.
GRCEN. 2Ofi."5 — Handsome, sunny, modern flat
of 7 rooms; bay view; yird In rear.
HAYES. 174.1. nr. Park entrance^ — Sunny flat*;
3 and 4 rocms; bath: rent $12 50 and $1(5.
JULIEN ave., 137, off Sixteenth and Mission
sts. — 8-room house and bath.
LEAVENWORTH. 1510 — 5-rcom flat; gas.
lath; rent SIS.
LIBERTY. tOi. near Castro, warm belt— Mad-
cm sunny parlor floor. 4 rooms.
LTON. lt'i — Upper flat of 7 rooms, bath; sun-
ny and modern; rent $42 50.
MARKET. 2C5S. nr. Castro— Mod. flat. 7 rooms.
hath: all sunny; $27 50; water free; adults.
NEARLY new upper flat; 4 rooms and ja;h.
¦i'lG'.-i Tehama st.
NOE, 151 — 4 connecting rooms; sunny lower
flat: bath. gas. sink; $14; north Market.
PACIFIC ave.. 2 ICO. near Fillmore — Flat of
0 rcoms; sun in every room: large garden.
PRECITA ave.. 3T-0 — New upper flat: 7 rooms;
every convenience; rent $25.
SUNNY, upper fiat, five rooms, bath anil yard:
$22 CO. 10 Shotwell st.. nr. Fourteenth.
TO let— $7; 2 large rooms and yard. 72«',
Harrison st.
TO let— $7; TWO large rooms and yard. 726^
Harrison st.
TWENTY-SIXTH, near Fols-om — Just complet-
ed: corner flats of 6 rooms: rent $22 50-I25.
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let. CmU
I on LYON & HOAQ. 11C Montsoraerj <THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST HO. 11)04.
11
SALES I.APIES.
YOUNG ladies. SI 50 i>er "day and commission;
fut»1de of city; ladies also take notice.
' ALSER &- CO.. 4S6 Eddy st.
NATIONAL EMPLOYES' RECORD CO.
First-i'lats fur cutter, $3 5i) per day, Victoria.
fBill clerk, good r*cman. SO p«r week to start.
StrocK boy. leather findings, $20 per month
to start.
Dry goods manager, roust be competent to
1 manage wholesale and retail department. 1
$1W per month to start; boss here.
Registered druggist, for country, good salary.
Stenographer, knowledge of bookkeeping. $5
per week to start; rapid raise to $15.
Draughtsman. $3 &O p«r day, city.
Bookkeeper to go to Uklab, $75* per month
to start.
Checker, must have restaurant experience,
a^0 and meals.
Stenographer. Beriicia, $15 per week to start.
Sten^srapher. $25 per month to start.
High-claus calcrman, stocks and bends, guar-
ante*M by a trust coir.panv.
Stenographer. $35 to start.
Pcrter. $20 and found.
Bellboy. $10 and fcund.
3 boys. ?i to i*> per week.
Manager whcleeale and retail grocery. Ari-
zona, boss here. JIM.
experienced cigar clerk, about 18 years of
ase. JK ptr week to start; in connection
with hotel.
NATIONAL EMPLOYES' RECORD CO..
. frO Heartt bld«.
FRY cook. $15 week: hotcake cook. $2 day;
extra cock.$."J dsy and increase: 2 hotel cooks.
$60 and $70 and found; beardlng-house cook.
54S sr.U found; rook for ranch. $25 and
sound: ov*ter man. $45 and board; hotel
kitchen man. $30 and found; hotel waiter,
'-•ountry. $30 and found": colored elevator and
bell bci\ V>5 and room; dishwashers and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 62S Sacra-
mesto st.
OOA.CHMAN. $45 and found; miner. $3 day;
3 laborer* fcr mine. $2 .V) day; sash and door
rr-.aJ<tr. %21 week:. woodchoppen=. $1 "5 cord:
tlab sawyer; screw turner, $50 to ?C0 and
Kurd: t-iickerman, V'O and board: 2 farmers
end wives. $50 and found: and others. J. F.
CROSETT £ CO., C2S Sacramento st.
AT CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
14 Third n., near Call bldg. Phone Bush 4U5.
MINKS MINKS.
2 machine miners, $30 a rr.enth.
'Z mockers. $75 a month.
Hop Pkker* t=oneir.a Co Hop Pickrrf.
Free Tent*. Wood and Water Fr*0
100 rr:»n, women, boys and girls. $1 per l'JO
pounds; pay daily; boss meets pickers at the
trsin.
SAWMILLS NORTH.
6 lumber pilerr, $f><> a month.
6 laborers, 5<5O a month.
4 laborers, city, $2 2^ a day.
CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 14 Third st.
AT HORD 4b SMITH'S. ~
Contractors' Ac-tnt*. &5 Third st.
OcjiiT.m.in. first class. $45 and found.
But' her. ycur.g roan, city. $1<J.
Decerator, city, call early, good thing.
t-'tabJ-men. city. SoO to $00.
Boy for store, city. Jtj to start.
Dishwasher. San Jose. $0 and found.
Gardon^r. first class, country.
Asst. waiter, tie country hutcl. $23 and fd.
Cock. Sonoma Co.. small mine. $50.
ALL unemployed clerkF. bookkeepers, meclian-
icj». skil'ed and unskilled !abcreri=. arc invited
to register with us free of charge. HORD
ti ?MITH. 83 Third St., S. F.
J WL want a bonded representative in every
tcn'n of over population in California.
Oregon. Nevada and Arizona to represent
our firm. Ac!<iress with reference*, to room
1213 Cal! buiSdir.R, San Francisco. Cal. THE
ATLAKTIC AND PACIFIC COLLECTION
AGENCIES.
WASTED — A bright, active young man -vith
practical experience in wholesale grocery
bufinesF; mention references: age. experience
and salary expected. A. L., box 740. Call.
MARKERS and distributers rented in Eu-
reka. Cal.. HumboUt County; married *n«n
.-•res.-rr-'i: union hours and wages. Write
Horr.bcl-lt I^undrj- for particulars.
YOUNG nen everywhere, copy letters home
evenings. $3 50 wetk. Send addressed en-
velop* for particular?, manager dep't. S 4,
box 1411. Philadelphia. Pa.
FIRKT-CLASS bockkerper ar.d cashier; rr-jst
have unexceptionable references and furnl*h
bond. Addrefs <;a»hier. In applicant's own
handwriting, box 745, Call.
ONE or two men to learn a good trade"; s.eadv
work: no night cr £unday work; $25 wecurity
required. AprJy 310' 3 Fo'.iwm St.. upstairs.
V.'E want stenographers. bockkeeperF. traveliu?
M>smen and railroad clerk?; cail at once.
Room l::i:5 Call bid. UROKERi* IN BRAINS.
\\ ANTED — Corr.;>et=nt young man as shipping
cterk ar.d for office work. California Baking
Co.. oorr.er Fi'lmore and Eddy ft*.
WANTED — A yrunjf. steady barber; must be
a g'^'.l m?.n; $14 i»rr wt>*k and percentage.
GUS MAUER. VacavilK". Cal.
A MAN of ir.iicmitahl*' energy and push, a
Ef>M talker, eager tn make money. F. PER-
SON. 477 and 47s, Parrc-tt building.
WAXTKD — Hxp^-ripnced retail salesrcan; give
ret'ivnce. exnrrie;ice end wages txpected.
Box 779. Cull of tic.
FIP.ST-CLAPS tailors wanted en rcats; good
pay: tteady wcrk. LINDNER UROS., 20S
Sutter «t.
TAILOR en cuFtoms coat-»: rr.Uft orerat* ma-
chlr.e. 110 Olive ave.. off Pclk. bet. Ellis and
OFarrell ats.
FIRFT-CLASS furniture finisher wanted. Ap-
ptjr sup«rinter.denfs offic?. the Emporium.
, FOR say — 2-chair b*rb°r rhop and 2 hous»-
keeplnp rooms furnished. Inquire fall office.
SHOEMAKER on repairing; iteady Job: gcod
WMSGtl sober and Quick. 20<j O'Farrell el.
GERMAN bey for grocery and bar. Seven-
teenth ar.d Eureka sts.
WANTED — Firtt-class carpenters; apply early.
245 Larkin 'st.
WANTED — An er.er?<»ti'- ycung man with some
csfh fcr licht work. 1US Market «.. room 1.
WANTED— A gocd block butcher. Apply &il8
Mission «t. .,
YOI'NG man to solicit for merchant tailor.
1125 Market St.. b»t. Seventh ar.d Eighth.
WAITER wanted at 613 Clay st.
GOOD cnlcn barber. 514 4 Third gt.
BARBER wanted; first-clAij only. 710 Polk
streft.
PAR11ER thop for sale cheap; only cause
slrkeec*. sua Mason st.
¦ 11KN t» Ivarn barber trn'!e: only eight week*
re.jti!rt-d; cor.stsrtt practice and e.\p*rt ir.-
stmctlon: position? K*-rured: special Induce-
nientF this month: catalogue mailed iree.
Mole.- Fvftem Ccl'ege. •«.'> Clsy n.
WANTED — Men tnd boys to l^arn plumbing
trad»; <"cyr.e Bros. >Ui. School of Practical
Piurr.bir.g: tend for catalogue. Address 4973-5
Ea*t»n are.. St. Louie. Mo.
WANTED — Men and women to prepare for
Government po'lt'cns. Apply for free cata-
logue giving particulars. Paciflc Correspond-
ence Institute. Grant bldg.. lutii Market st.
WANTED — Laborer* and mechanics to know
that V.A Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, hai
.-. 1rf"i 100 new rocir.« to the l>nver Hcune.
217 Third St.: 2T»O rooms: C5c to ROc per night.
GOVERNMENT porttfawJC— 1 at 025 Golden
Gate ave.. room 7. for free information as
to positions, ialaries. age limits, etc.; day
I or evenir^s
MEN 87"! women, leem the barber trade:
ware* paid Kbllt learning. HAIGHTS. €47
Ccramerclal rt.
Ccntroctcr* a:»d eraplayrs of labor throughout
th« gtate to communicate with Independent
Err.rlt» rrent Agency. C12 Merchant St.. g. F.
WANTED — F.xptiitn<rd dopiestic salesman. }
Apply between 1) and 11 a. rn. at HALIS j
RRCij/^
TRY our men's ehcex. union made: SI & $1 T-0
pair: foot-form *hoe*. S2 f-0: we pay expr«s*
chars**. 11 .Id rt.. Exm. bid. :open till 0 P- m. ,
TWO roBBS rnen to learn the barber trade. ;
fr-r particulars Inquire 751 Mi»?icn gt. _
SALESMAN* wanted at~GA~NfNER~& MAT-
TERN'S. 2> Pest ft.
BARKER Kbop for sale on account of other
business. 1SS5 Mission st. . '... .
s-li'.'ll reralrer; etrady mork:' good Job for
elderly man; no Right work. Box 5S*>. Call.
FIRKT-CI^ASS hair cutter, who understands
ladiet' hair curling. 40 Geary st.
WANTED — Watchmaker for the country. Ad-
dress box C32. Call office.
HOOM suitable for barber shop at Third and
MinOM sts. Inquire at butcher ahep.
GOOD opportunity for men willing to canvass;
good wages; call after 3 p. m. 1005 Howard.
MEN wanted at 137 3d tt.. where fhoes are re-
paired by machinery ;se wed soles 10 mln., 75c
WANTED — Young man to learn barber trade;
wages paid while learning. 741A Howard.
El— T3 TO I.ST— rg_HIS— EP. 1
L- EVIS= A DKP.O. 1C27! rear Sutter— Modern. }
risr.csornely furnished fiat of fli-e sunny I
rooa-.s. re-f-epticn hill ar.d bath; lights free- !
rrt $37 50. '
TO LET— Partly furnished middle flat cf five
rooms ar.d bath: rent reasonable. Apply
rai'.y between 1:30 and 5 p. tn.. 79 South
;.::. 221C — Motfrn t-rx-om 2at. furnished
_n.& ;-::x-: Dae of otar.o; rent reasonable.
Ni:s. Id?— fir »n. r-rocm furnished flat;
ety Wl.njr; crand marine view; rent $2li.
*PI>T ar.3 b"f: in America— The Weekly
~a!\ 1« pares. *-rt to sr.y address tn the
r.—.t*. f-'.a'n- rr r~eraiti or?* year for SI.
"ATSrW SAI.E— rTJKNIS—ElT
it eale: cheap; C\e r.lc*Iy furni*h«d ean-
v r<«oTT« ar.i bath. 11.2* Devitadero: call
" • mocn.
"1N1:LY fUl Ullbed flat: q r. and b. : low rent:
rarralr-.: M^. piarc. $1.W SfN McAllister ft.
FINANCIAL.
'..(00 AT CD? r*r cent, frora private party
Bey. 7S3. Call office.
jruti.ai.-i: JRE rOB SALE.
IOU can buy $76 wcrth cf lurnlture fcr $7 50
ccwa scd Jl K> p*r week. T. Brilliant's
Fu— .:tur* Co.. 34C< Pest «t.. near Powell.
A NEW woven trtr* c<rt and top mattress. J-t 50
ANX>£RSON"a,,-,-l» Turk St.. jv:st eff Market.
TOR eale — H«u*« of fc rocms. well furnished.
f. 143 B.xth st.
FURNITURE, stove*, bought. 6old. exchanged.
Bargrt*. 43S Va!ercia.r.r.lCth.Tel.Church SS70.
fWJOTM wa-T— p.
SECOND-HAND furniture wanted. 1145 Mis-
e.en et.; phor.e Fcltom 2713.
' C ¦ ., „]
~. ABE LEVY.
¦ EaWrotSi. 11CS Market rt. Tel. Jessie 761.
IK-n't «11 i>cur furniture, carriers, of flc« f ur-
r.Sture. ¦Tr,. until you g»t his estimate.
CHA£. L—VT * CO.. pay h!rhe*t price for fur-
citure. carpets, etc 7S2 Mission :tel. Bush S13.
TVANTED-Ql Icl&izg bed. Address box 4607,
C»U of flee
EZLP WASTED — 7£— AX_.
COOK, private family $40
4 cocks for private families $3^. $3T.
Cook lor institution $.">0
5 nurserlrls $25. $30
Nurse for t*j children, country *2n
4 i-eccnd cirlt 525
Cook and second csrl. name house.. ?20. *:>0
Companion to elderly lady *23
Nurte for lavalld iaiy f35
4 waitresses, cour.try hottl $25
Head 'waitress, ccmrr.erciEl hotel %'-iS>
Cleaning noruun ivr int titutiin f 20
Laundress and chambermaid $30
Heuf eworit. Rots Valley 530
And a large number cf pirlF for hourewrrk.
city and country, $20 ar.d *:*•>. Apply to J.
_ F. CROSETT & CO.. 33i Sutter st.
NATIONAL EMPLOYES' RECORD CO.
La. ay cashier. $% per month.
3 eajeiladies. c leaks anJ tu:ts, $10 to $15 per
w*«-k .¦>¦
Tour? li'dy for typewriting; SO week to Ftart.
Kfcleelady. candy _ counter, fti w*-ek to tt*rt.
" wnitretsf*. $^V" menth ar.d board.
Tlo^ptJon lady. mUUaciy. $v. references.
Cr^k. fair.r.y 8. ' at lunch; $2." ar.d fc-und.
U'dtrtkS, Sonoma County. $^Z> and four.i.
Ikjokkeeper, kne-wiedee cf stenography. <00
per incnth.
Cock, family of 2. German preferred, $20 and
found: Pin Virgo.
Bt*« h Iroaer. *2 a day. \Vat«cnvjl>.
NATIONAL EMPLOyES' RECORD CO-.
Wy Bcant bldg.
T*«""' • c:-'*- M vork ir. s yount la-iirs" som-
;r.iry. one i? v.»:tr*ss, '.i:? o:h«r aF chsmber-
rr.-iii; a canTri' c^rl. al^" 2 «a!lr^ss«-s for a
fir5t-<l««s hotel ;n city. $2Zt each: a laundress
tor srr.rJl family. $25; a chsrr.berrr.aid and
erarriFtre^s for the cr>urtry. $2o; a ftrcnj
•n n.*n '.c-t an invalid, $i'j; 4 Ri>5d s*cond
piris for tmall fam!li*-« in city. $25 each; a
t;rl so oa— for jrewn rbildren. sew and do
Tcr.t arork, $2rv. a %\t\ u> do general work m
a mi:;lrx can-.p. (£0: r.urse tor 2 children.
f3f»; 4" hcus'vrrk rtrls for city and coun-
try. $2.'. ar.d „'.'.. Ml^tf PLUNKETT. 4^5
tutt^-r it., r.ear PovelL
A.T CAUFOBXIA EMPI»YMEXT .«GENCY.
:.;irhir-i *t.. r.r. Call Mdg.; pboae Bush 4'*5.
CAk. tamily hotel. $10 a week: chamber-
maid. *-*rr.f ;.;»if. $io: p!rl for institution.
*2t>: hc«»*c'.r.s. $2." and I^X': 50 -women and
jrirls. pick hops. Sonoma County, tents, wood
*r.£ wat«r tree, t-5-.ip Wrdnesdey and Thurs-
day, bom tne*ts v« u at 'r»:s. $1 per 100 lbs.
: a y Oally. MRS. J. M. JOHNSON, mansj-r.
A — WANTED — tilrl* to learn hainlresslKg.
Itar.icurinir. etc. : trade taught from A to Z
In 2 w**k«: tuition fi to tho«>e er.terinjr now;
three porillcr.s to fill Immediately; positions
iruarar.teed at JK» per week up: lead-.nj
FchocI 'n Wtft. 223 G^ary rt.. room 13.
A — GIRLS to itarn mlVlnery row fcr fall sea-
sen: both »easor.» taur^t frorr. rtart to f.r.lfh
In one month fcr $15: po*:t:cns as trimmers.
ea>siad:es.nc.. gusracte*^ at $10 per wk.up:
cay sod evenir.s clars. 14^1 Stocktrn st , r. 13.
HalrfireBs'.r.r. lEanitrcrir.g. rr^Es»ite. scalp treat-
ment, hair wcrk. rt-raoval ruiierfluous hair; tr,
2 »ks. ; day. eve. cIiei: fjofition* pecured; aU
pyrle-r wcrk at reduced rr'.ces. 133 PowelL
ONE BCXSRED OPERATORS AND OIRLS
TO LEARN ON OVERALLS AND ENGI-
NEER 7ACK5TS. STANDARD FACTORT.
CORNER GOL'GH AND GROVE STS.
-
EXPERIENCED OPETRATORS ON COTTON-
ADE PANTS. STANDARD FA<?TORY.
CORKER GOL'GH AND GROVE ETS.
—AJJlES wtr.t»d everywhere, ccryinij letters at
hon»e or 5fj*are time and return to
, us; r.o TZ3\'.ir:s or canvas ing: f'rf weekly
c-amed; materials fr**: Jrclo*'- K«lf-addre«isd
«rvr!r>r* for rarticu!ar». Guarantee Co..
No. S 4 Ninth tt.. PtiUidelrfcls, Pa.
QUICK r:rl for office, cath. wrappinc. etc.;
mutt thoroughly undemend bookkeeixnz:
not over 21 year*: ::pht hair; wages $10
v-rfK. Bex TSa. Call.
TVANTED— K17 erienc-ed saitflKdy for Juvenile
rf'-rsrTrr.er.tfrreuft urderytar.d »T;>-^' clcthinr.
Apply »uper:'r^»n'!T!t «. orfire. The Emporium.
ICKAT. rarablt fe-lrl for general housework.
ratnlty of 4 «<5ult--: good rr«jm: mares $23.
J*& FI— t av<... -far Clay rt.
WANTni>— Yrnir.r flrlr tn do rirrp'.nt: and
wirdirr. Ai«r!r J. J. PFlcTER KNITTING
' s m pa s v. i : •: pc:k n . ¦;_* • ,.
WAXTKD — ilHile-tr^l woman for jreneral
h' -J!»r-»(,rlt Hftrew Orvr.sr.ajce. Ptt) I>-vl«a-
dfn. ft. HENRY MAUSER,
TOT.'NO rirl tn rx,rr for baby and assiirt with
housework. E*v#BteU*Qt tt . P. F.
WASTU)- <Iirl '"¦ r'-r* ctnkiTi*. «cd <1»t.-
jf«t«tr»;— ork. BMr v C*lUora— st.
FIRa'f -OLA BS XiT.' tixer arfcoted on curtom cat*
at 2>.i0'/; TuiV ft., r.esr Jor.e*.
rmST-CLASS fackrt and fhirt h*nd at the
"Vtv*." ~17 CJrant av».
Al'l';(KNTl<"i:> - •: :(il»-«.-" rio«ks and eult«
I>. 51. UAlitiSON i- Co.. .'.2 F'.m «.
PIXiSnEIU! *n l*di«T" rtoajcn «rd ruilt. Ij 1
>t. i-avi; .>-i'x &. i.-o.. :.i Tinx tt. t
<i)!:L. i»h- li^ht < o'j*t-work £r<; roeicinr: t>p I
.-._••<: f:»j-2y i-a«sit«in. SO Carl r'... nr. C:le. }
¦ • -X for T-l<ln CBQfcfawr: »r.i«ll family. Call
* irimr. :• »n'l 12 ci 5835 TrHrtfln st.
A OIKL for .-ockinr acl downstairs work; $25.
:::z.:: < 1^;- ft. £
FWEtmUl or Orisii sirt to do general house- |
tcrk: wskc* *':<>. 20 Iliil rt. 1
WAVTED— Waitn— at In'.trnaticaal Hotel,,
*Cl iCcarr.y f . ;
WAJfTEI* — A r.7%1 -1 '.?.** finisher en eoats at
:;': F:f:h Kt. "all at or.ee-.
COMPETENT rirl, cnok «ne mfal dail. 1 ! for
10am L.a<i bOLri. ik.% 7S0. Call jfC^J-" .
TaLKNTEI* nn-^teur perlcrrriers. Apply at
Chutes. <5 p. HJ..Wecs*«!«r: saiarr no object.
<JII£L for jre«»eral ijecsemerk: 4 in family;
srnci: flat. Call rr.»jrr:!nra. 1027 Fillinore «t..
tK*r Mc-Allikter.
. I V >a«Iing whoioa'.c hou."««. 3 traveling sales-
*cm«j; fir»t-c's*s and ncrmaneat po^ltlcms.
Address box f»72. Call office.
VANTEU — Yourue wemtn «ho la an exj>ert-
•r.cd dry i '.* wrapper. Ar-ply between
« and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
L.ADY acents; |xtt prcpotltlon; If you want to
make money call LIEBERMANN. 231 Pott
. ct.. room 4.
fSOOKSlN'DEHS; «trls wasted. Apply S3«
<r **'
— E— P W>~TEP — MALE — Continued.
A— MURRAY & READY. 634 and 630 Clay st.
Phone Main 5S4S.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
W> noeak the German, French. Italian.
Scandinavian, Greek. Spanish, Slavonian and
Danijh languages. '
1903 We Gave 1904 We HoDe to
60,000 Men Work. ' Increase tiO.000.
MECHANICAL.
Steam shovel foreman, Nevada, Government
work. $S0 to $100.
CARPENTERS.
25 rough carpenters. Government work, Ne-
vada. 30c. exceptionally good job.
CARPENTERS, OTHER JOBS.
IS carpenters, bridge work. $00.
LUMBER COMPANY.
10 carpenters, city Job. $3 50 to $4 day.
4 bench hands, planing mill, $3 50 day.
STONECUTTER. ETC.
Fhoemakcr fare 25c. day wages or 40c on $1.
Stonecutter. San Luis Obisi>o Co.. $4 50 day.
FOREMAN, MAKE TABLES. $5 day.
Woodworker, pine furniture, city. $2 day.
2 brushmakcrs. fa~ $1. $1 2"> per M.
32 IRON MOLDERS.
15 coopers, tleht and slack work.
MURRAY & READT.
634 and 636 Clay st.
LABORERS AND TEAMSTERS,
es tn-o-hcrse teamsters, new work, fare $3 20,
corporation own work. $60.
25 laborers. 8 hours' work, fare 10c, $60.
GREAT SPECIAL.
Private railroad, ycu' II suit, Eteady Job.
65 m*n, fare $4, see us, $60.
OIL-WELL DISTRICT.
25 laborers, special syndicate jcb, fare $4,
$67 50.
MONTEREY.
25 laborers to-day, see us. $67 50.
6 PLOW TEAMSTERS. $07 50.
MURRAY & READY,
„ . 634 and 636 Clay st.
TO SAWMILLS AND WOODS,
PLANING MILLS. BOX FACTORIES. ETC.
SECOND DONKEY MAN. $60 found.
Donkey foreman, snipe logs, cut brush, $50 fd
Jackscrewer for woods $40 fd
HEAD LINEMAN. $75.
Spool tendT lumber company $45 fd
NO EXPERIENCE WANTED.
25 laborers for lumber co.. fare $2 .$30 fd
65 laborere, mills yard, NORTH $00
35 laborers for woods and camps, north.. .$60
HELP BUILD IT.
1C5 laborers to cut brush away; help buiid
R. R. from sawmill 10 woods; fare $6.. $130
LOOK. BOYS.
25 boys or young men work ia box factories,
f".O AND $35 FD., NORTH.
165 woodchoppers; tools, etc., FURNISHED
FOR YOU.
MURRAY & READY,
. 634-63S Clay et.
MINES— MINES.
12 machine miners; gold QUARTZ $30
15 chuck tenders: boss here . $75 to $S2 50
16 HAND MINERS; boss here.$75 to **2 ,V>
15 timbermen; boss here $75 to $S2 50
LOOK!
18 laborers or young rr.en to learn mining;
to start. $30 fd. ; sood chance for YOU.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay Et.
155 ITALIANS OR AUSTRIAN'S.
155 SPANIARDS — MEXICANS.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and C36 Clay et.
LOS ANGELES.
PAN BERNARDINO & RIVERSIDE DIST.
the Land of Sunafalne, Fruit and Flowers.
BY TRAIN. SANTA FE R. R.
$4 60 FARE. THAT'S ALL.
3(55 two and T-.>ur horse teamsters $00
MURRAY &. READY.
634 an<i 606 Clay s>t.
HOTEL. LAUNDRY. HAKERY.
BUTCHER AND OTHER DEPT.
Cook. 20 men. mine. $40 found.
15 c<xkj-, different hotels, camps, cafes.
mine*, pakonss ranches, etc.. $30, $40. $50
to $¦».< and found.
WAITERS.
3 waiters, same hotel, fare $1 CO. $35 found."
2 waiters, same -hotel, fare $4 20. $30 found.
12 waiter*, different city and country jobs.
IS WSHWAPHEPuf « PORTERS.
BEDMAKERS. BELL & ELEVATOR BOYS
LAUNDRY.
Polisher, fare fo, 515 week.
2 starch Ironers--, $12; ironer. $15.
3 butchers, fhop and slaughter-house work.
$4(>. f."ii» found.
Sausage maker, $14: experienced bone hams,
$14. • MURRAY & READY,
634-036 Clay Et.
FARMS, DAIRIES.
45 different ranch hands, $2ti. $30, $35 found.
5 milkers, $30. *35 found.
FRUIT PICKERS.
1C chore boys and men. *1.">, $20. ?25. $r?O fd.
COACHMEN — GARDENERS — STABLEMEN
16 stablemen, city, cour.try jobs, $75. $60.
$30 found.
Boy. printing office, city, $5 week.
Boys. l<-arn trades, tend stores, etc.
MURRAY & READY. 634-630 Clay st.
LOOK!
6 laborers, factory, country, 560. ;
Piowthaker, fare fl 30, $67 50.
6 two-horse teamsters, fare $1 30, $60.
COMPANY.
25 men for track laying. $1 75 to $2 day.
SPIKERS. etc.. ?2 dav.
LOOK!
Plasterer, day waxes cr by contract.
SPECIAL.
2 Arr.er'can chuck tender*. No. 1 mine, $2
day and found.
Word turner, bench hand.
Cook, plain hotel, fare 25c, $50 to $50 found
SPECIAL.
Knifeman, good jcb, pigs' feet shaver, $2 75
dny.
Butchfr, fare 10c. $1."S week
SPECIAL.
Farmer ar.d wife, fare ?1. 4 people to cook
for. T5<» and found.
FACTORY.
12 laborers, you'l! suit. $C0.
LOOK.
Stram rhnvel f^r«.-n-.an. Nevada. $S5 to $1CO.
Blaiksmith $2 '.(> day.
LOOK.
M*rkr-r and distributor. Humboldt County,
*!S week.
Harry QoodseU; laur.dryman. please call.
IJuy to help In blacksmith rhop. $7 week.
3 laborer*, factory, fare ,'!0c. $2 a day.
FP.EE FARE— TUNNEL]
10 timbermen. R. R. work. $4 50 day.
Concentrator man, grid mine, boss here, $75.
Stan run circular «aiv. city. $2 day.
Planer mars. Artt -Class man. north. $50 fd.
2 csrpemerr. gocd mechanics, 70c fare, $3 5'j
to SI <iay.
• 2 cur-rs. leather fartory. $2 2." day.
Shingle-caw filer, rpr° s;i, $2 ufl day.
LOOK.
3 sheen hutrtt«ra fare .".<v. $>rt.
NEW WORK- MINE TOWN.
MURRAY fc READY, CM-GSS Clay st.
BAKERS. ~~~
Foreman ><aker 525 week
3 b«r.rh hands 7 $17 we.-k
Bskfr. small, coo-1 country nhrp. .?4<» foun»i
Baker on bread aril cakes, fnrc *2. f I.I wk fd.
CARPENTERS.
Four carpenters, factory: fare T.V... .$^ A*y
?, rou?h Ciirr^nters: fare r,Or; factory $2"{10 0.
Carptntfre; plain tvnrk: city; c. c $3 day
FARE PAID.
2C laborers. Ivg lumVr co. Humboldt Co. ;
$35 fd.
LOOK.
«: iabcrerc. new job: fare "0c $35 fi!.
5 labi-rers; board in hotel;, fare 50<-. ..$00
COACHMEN.
Coachman, farf COe; ejnra good irb; $45 fd. i
rhor*m«n: private family: fare 20c; S2T> f«l. 1
2 experienced prune dippers; fare SI 70:
f-30 fd.
MECHANICAL..
Bricklayer: 50c faro $2 .".0 per M
Concrete flnls-hfr: fare $1 20 $» 50 day
:5 plevt«-rerF: fare Jl 30 $4 r.O day
2 pRimerr.: in«ide h< u«e work: city $2 50 day
20 WAITERS— SPECIAL. i
Cr»ok and wife, county hospital: <?asy job;
M0 fd.
Walter. 3 <!ayp extra, steady aft»r cele-
hration: $-"!5 fd.
MURRAY a: READY. CC4-C3C Clay st.
WANTED — Elevator man for lar?» biiildinc.
J45: call aft.-r 0. SIISR HLVNKETT, 125
Sutler st.
A MAN sinf! wife for a country place: man ns
coachmnn. woman as care taker. MISS
PLUNKETTS, 42"> Suttrr st., near Powell.
LABOR debts collected; suite, attachments. 1
Law and Adjustment Co.. 32S MontKy..r. 415. j
SAILORS and young men fgreen hands) for
ships. HALLBERT. 517 Jackson st.
EAILORS and ordinary seamen fcr nil parts of
the world at HERMAN'S. 27 Steuart st. !
PENSION Atty.. E.A.Bullls, r.40. Phelan bldg.
Past Com. Geo. II. Thomas Pest, G. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms: 33c night: reading-rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office of The «~-H for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions ha*
been opened at l«0& Market St.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch offlc«. cor. Duncan & Church sts.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission Ft., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to roc. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d ttn.
SOLICITORS WASTED,
EXPERIENCED canvassers only; $ti to $3 a
day. 1114 Washington at.. Oakland, room 3;
10 to 12 a m.
JREA3*. E3TATS— CTTT— TOB. SAJJ.
BALDWIN &. HOWELL. 23 Pest st.
$3, COO— R:nts $71 50 per month: McAIlIst-r
St.; 3 flats. 5. 5 and 6 rooms and bit.i
each; lot £3x133 :&
$32.500 — I.arse corner downtown Investment,
vicinity B-ash and Powell sts.: perma-
nent 5-story building; rents $3000.
$7,250— Valencia St.; near 2Cta: let 24x30;
buildins cf 2 fiats; rents $17 50; busi-
ness thoroughfare.
$15.5CC — Howard st.. close to 9th; lot 50x90:
substantial buildinss: present rents $9O.
$P,SOO — Tehama st., near 6th; lot 23x75; 3-
stcry buildiss: rents $32.
$4.500 — Vieksburs st.. near 22J: almost new
residence of 7 rocms, bath. etc.. ia
perfect ord°r: high, slightly elevation;
lot 28:8xll7:«i to aa alley.
$7.000 — Geary St., near Pierce: stor^ and 2
fiats above; rer.ts for $C5 50 per month.
This is a rare chance.
$18,600— Rents $14i>: lot 50x03; 2 new buiMin«3
of 4 eles-ar.t flats: half block from ths
Park: ramassus.
$25.000 — Montgorcery-av*. corner; rents $IS3 5O:
4-stcry and basement bulldiag; 2 stores
and £3 rooms.
$12,500— Montgomery ave.. near Union; 3 story
anj basement building; store and fiat3;
rents $105 50.
$11.500 — Broadway corner, rear Powell »t_ : 3-
«ory brick building; rents $S6.
$4,100— Vallejo *t.. near Jones: 3 flats of 4
rr>ons and bath «aca; rents J:i per
month.
$3,100— Plne-st. corner: lot 23x70; old cott**»
of 4 rooms; rents $12.
$5.000— Castro st.. near lDth; lot 23x123; 2-
story frame buildln*. containing storw
wi:h rooms and fiat above of C rooms
and bath; rents $*2 50.
$3,000— ISth St.. near Folaom: lot 24x100; 3
flats ct 3-5-d rooms; rents **3 5O.
$3.000— Harrison st.. near 21st: laree lot. 43x
122:6; house of 12 rooms and bath;
arable "for 3 horses; aplendli buildin?.
in flrst-cla3s shape.
$5,250^ — Clinton Park, near Guerrero; 2 fiats of
5 rocms each; 25x75; cheap.
W. J. GUNN.
530 CALIFORNIA ST.
(Savlrgs Union Building.)
Pacific Heights choice residence sites, com-
manding a grand marine view; Rood-«*ed sub-
divisions; for particulars call at office.
$5000 — Lot 50x137 :tt; on sunny side of Union;
fine marine View; very cheap.
$1700 — A bargain; lot 27:t5xllO; sunny side zt
Union; good frontage and depth su!L*' u le
for three flats; offered very cheap.
$2150 — Web9ter-st. cor.; 23xl0u; a bargain.
$3000 — Pierce St.; cottage residence; 5 rooms
and bathroom: east aide cf street: basalt
blocks laid; a bargain, on account of
departure.
$DSO— Lots, east side Eleventh avs., between
Point Lcbcs ave. and A st., graded:
street graded, macadamized an.i sew-
ered; 25x120: cash er installments;
cars will run down T*-nth ave. from Cali-
fornia st. close to these lots); many buy-
ers prefer lots on east side, so as to get
the morning and afternoon eun.
$3000— Clement st. and Sixth ave.. northeast
corner; 32:^x100; the btst business corner
in all of Richmond; $4500 has been of-
fered for it; it Is well worth, the prlca
asked.
$3730 — Clement st. and Teith avs: m. choice
northeast sunny businsrs corner and t»ats
above; likely to be a transfer corner; a
gocd purchase; easy payments. If you
are thinking of going into business or
if you are In business and the location
doesn't suit you. as you see no prospect
of it getting better, go and look at this
corner and figure out the possibilities;
get into this new district and grow with
it; it is fast bull. ling up; this corner will
soon be worth big money fcr business;
a fine buy.
$4250 — Clement st. and Twelfth ave: a- splen-
did northeast corner, "12Ox5O. fcr 8 flat*
ar.d store; cash cr installments.
W J. GUNN.
K0 CALIFORNIA ST.
ONLY A FKT.- LETT.
$1 25 PER WEEK.
NO INTEREST.
Choicest lots In the Excelsior Homestead
Tract; level as a billiard table; on str«et
grade: close to fine school; not far from tha
Mi:slcn-st. electric cars; secure cn» as aa
Investment ar.d by ths time it Is paid for It
will have doubled in value the way prices
ha\e advanced during the past year; buy
new befor« yrlces become prohibitive la this
rapidly growir.g wcticn.
W. J. WHITE.
2fi Montgomery st.. r. 8. Phona Mala 3704.
$2400— COTTAGE. 5 r. & b.; 206 Eosworth st.
*2sno — Cottage. 4 r. & b. ; 214 20th; mo-Iern.
*27U) — Cottape. 6 r. & b. ; 159 West Park st.
$1K'O — Cottage. 4 r. and b. : 24O Hearst ave.
$1600 — Cottige. 4 rooms; 220 2Stb. St., with
c a\ b'-i3lnes3, bcrses. wagoss and good-
will.
$.'.¦»• down and $30 per month — 2 fiats. 4 and
3 roorw and bath; on Day st.; $.1000.
$300 down. $25 per month; - flats; 27th st.
D. COFFIN. Mission, bet. 21st and 22d.
WE have some special bargains In city prop-
erty; also homes on easy terms In Berkeley
and Alameda. Call or send for what you
want. ROTHERMEL & CO.. 507 California.
$1200 WILL buy newly furrlshed medtrn
house. 12 rooms; worth Investigating. 4CT
Geary st.
CHEAP comer lot. ready for bulldins: grand
view: price $1650; half cash. Apply 220O
Flllmore st . -
A $2000 HOME bu'.lt to suit you. lot laeludad.
any location, on $1 25 per w>ek. Mutual
Home Building Association. 427 Croasley bid.
FOR sal* — Two fine lots. Richmond, reason-
able. Room 310. Mutual Savings Bank bids.
ALL work rnaranteed first class by AUI#-
BACH 4k MAYER, plumbers. 838 Howard »t.
A WEEK'S tews for 5 cents — The Weekly Call".
16 pagew. in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year
BE All SSTATI— COITHTBY— for Sali.^
A VERY desirable 43-acre tract of highly
cultivated valley lnam; no adi*be; no waste;
maki-g cf a profitable and lovely home; lo-
catf-d in an elite neighborhood within the fre«
mail delivery, adjacent to Napa, but owlny
to peculiar circumstances must be scld at
ence; so it Is offered as a whole cr In sub-
divisions at the great sacrifice of $50 per
acre; r.o more. than half actual value. N. D.
SICKELS, « Geary St.. city.
FOR sale — 240 acres Indian Valley, near San*
Misruel, Monterey County. CaL; cottase. out-
houses and wrll; 12i> acres sown to wheat. 2t>
acres bottom land, balance pasture: fenct-d;
near county road; 1 mile from school; jl lii.'.
Apply 2101 Berkeley way. Berkeley. Cal.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards.
vineyards; inspected bargains: monthly cata-
loirne.<i *.-nt Tree. C M. WOOSTER CO..
¦ C43 Market st.
WOULD sell 3C0 acres well watered mountain
grazing and farming land, improve*, at $6.
C. E. DAVIS. St. Helena. Cal.
FOR the best list of country property, farms,
fruit and poultry ranches, stock ranches, al-
falfa ani timber lards, call or aead for cat-
alQRi;e. ROTHERMEL & CO.. 807 California.
SAK BtATEO BjCAX. ESTATE. r^-
L7jjTrrA >^P^IiK^6*nrimT^f^a^r^iiteo i'efectriS
cars: 45 minutes from 5th and Market: sewer
and water pipes to each lot; electrlo lights.
etc.; ro-fect lots from $323 to $10O; tsrms.
$10 down and 510 a month: get of! at "Lcmlta
Park", and investigate; caps sent on appll*
caticn. " .;;¦-•«; ¦ ¦-;.'.
SELBY. P.ODGERS * CO..
... Tfl. Main *T3. llrt California «t. -
aSAX ESTATB TO C—CTTAWOB.
REALTY EXCHANGE COMPANY.
F. A. BARR. MANAGER-
SUITE 80I-8CS CALL BUILDING.
It ia frequently the case that a party wishes
to *<-ll h!3 hclcmffs for the pus-pose of reinvest-
ing the orocceds in a different kind of property.
Our Jon« experience in this business enables
as to often accomplish this Uauhl* purpose by
only .;nc transaction. Tb» only ccndit.'on w»
make "is that your prcr-erty. if you wish us to
dispose of it for ycu. MUsT BE GOOD OF ITS
KIND AND IN A GOOD LOCATION. Don't
take up either our time cr your own witli
worthiest orTcrlni^. or property so heavily
mortgaged as to leave no actual equity.
¦ If it baa merit, whether you own real estate*
cr a mercantile er manufacturing business,
fcnnjr a dyscriptlcn of same to our office, stal-
ing -.vhat kir.d cf prcrsrty you prtfer In ex-
cttan;t> ar.<! y.-j will be surarised how quickly
we can e/Iect the Hsulf
nils IS SIMPLY UECAUSE WE UNDE!?-
STAXD THKtX'JHANGE BUSINESS and are
ih? only a— it>— ty in H.in Fiancisco making a
sp*-.!alty of fame. We make no charge for ad-
v'eriL-.r:; or any other r'irpnse unless wi pro-
cure *n cSehanje satisfactory to you to ac-
c*\ t. ¦
SO ACRES. Fhasta County; leO. Kings County.
to exchange Realty- Co.. Chronicle bldg.
Continued on Page Twelve.
ornexs act stobss to i~t.
DESKROOM on second floor prominent build-
ing; elevator; reasonable rent. 1206 Market
st.. room 8.
TO let— Shop. 20x16. suitable for any kind of
mechanical business; water free. 1219 Market.
SPACE to let. suitable for tailor shop: up-
stairs. 769 Market st.
OFFICE to let. 374 Sutter si.', sunny suite;
g23 50.
LOWER part of 425 Sutter St.: suitable for
business purposes. .
PEBgoarAxs.
DR. ROWELL'S Fire of Life, a sure cure for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia.
sore throat, etc. Sold by all druggists for
over 20 years; price 50c. Manufactured solely
by ROWELL £ BROWN.. 02 Turk St.. S. F.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves Its growth, stops falling, cures dandruff
and itchlrg scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp: at druggists', hairdressers' ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 12C8 Polk.
"REXRADIO'S" marvelous (humanized* "Ra-
dium" Treatment daily cures multitudes Un-
stantly) at my offices. Investigators (free) —
BROKER. * 26 ' Montgomery st.. suite 21
(hours. 2 ts 4),
Cancerous luaips. eore«. Impure blood (affecting
ekln mouth, bones, etc.) speedily cured by
ektlled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy. 32S Grant ave. worst cases cured.
FURNISHED rooms en suites or single; can
speak English and Spanish. 1014 Powell
St.. between Washington and Clay.
; A GUARANTEE TO GROW HAIR
On the worst bald head. Call or write.
DR. Q. S. MOORE. 332 O'Farrell st.
AT leas than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market st :
YOU can buy $75 wcrth of furniture for $7 50
down and $1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
¦FURNITURE CO.. 340 Post st., near Powell.
MAGNETIC treatment with Vie skin food for
the body. 325 Ellis st.
ELECTRIC light cabinet baths, vibratory
treatments and salt glow. 467 Geary *t.
MALE nurs-. surgical, medical, mental cases.
4C2 Geary st; phone James 7591.
Actina restores lost eyesight; cures deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA^O.. 3524 18th. nr. Valencia.
Superfluous hair removed; electric needle. Mrs.
iSatcn, 358 Sutter. Miss Eaton. 233 Oeary.r^fl.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. LOIS A. GRAY. 1170 Market st.
ELEGANT suits to order, extra pants or fancy
vests for $14 75. Fred Wagner. S50 Market
LADIES and gentlemen, you will find best hair
tonic in the world at 1S10 Sutter st.
ELEGANT suit to order & 1 ex. pair pants,$15.
LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mkt. st.. bet. 7th and Stb,
MRS. WHEELOCK removed (La Verite hatr-
dressing parlors) to 645 Market, next Palace.
MAGNIFICENT diamond ring, nearly 3 carats,
$250. GARIN. 13S Montgomery st.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Pupont.
MASQUERADE costumes, play book*, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color: $1; at all drue?lsts".
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1009 Market st.. oppestt*
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
BUSIWESS FEBSOVAXS.
BY eXDerienced lady typewriter, work cf all
descriptions: terms reasonable. 405 O>ugh st.
— IA~L -.
A WAY to health— Mothers' and daughters'
home treatment: booklet free; write for It.
VI A VI CO.. 2304 Van Ness: phone East 2S2L
ALAMEDA ADYERT ? S ? M ? TS
»T-A»rppA — EAJd ESTATE.
ALAMEDA SAVINGS BANK.
$7500 — House of 12 rooms, southeast corner
Grand et. and Alameda ave.; 75 feet on
Grand by 13S on Alameda ave.; also lot
in rear. 45 fe«t on Alarneda ave. by
150 feet deep.
$2200— Two-story house of S rooms and barn:
5-1x120 eaet side of Sixth st.: SO feet
north of Taylor ave.; U3i Sixth st.
$3250 — Two-story house, south line of Enclnal
ave.. 148 feet cast of Union St.; 1812 En-
cinal ave.
FORECLOSURE.
WE WANT AN OFFER.
NO REASONABLE OFFER REFUSED.
Almost new 8-room house: fine. marine view;
house is thoroughly modem: porcelain bath,
etc; cement basement: $30001
HAMMOND & HAMMOND.
The Leading and Reliable Agents.
1422 PARK ST.
$1050 — BUY home In Alameda: 7-room house:
large lot; fruit, flowers: irreat bargain.
Owner. 21 Spear st., upstairs. San Francisco.
BERKELEY ADYEKT ? S ? NTS
BEHKELSY BEAI. ESTATE.
LOOK at the houses Just finished on corner
of Grant and Park»r sts.. 3 blocks from
Dwl^ht way station; elegant and complete;
more for your money than can b* had else-
where; open Sundays for Inspection. Apply
to P. MONROE on the ground, or Warren
Cheney. Postoffice block. Berkeley station.
¦ -
$3Vif) — MODERN 7-room house, nouth front;
lot 80x135; floT.rrs, fruit, open plumbing. fln»
electric fivturt-s; % block from' Telegraph
ave cars; 7 minutes university; 7 minutes
Key rcute. S. P. 2:525 Ward St., Berkeley.
BARGAIN— $1COO: 8-room house, well, barn,
chickf-n-house. 50 young fruit trees, lot 17r>x
2C7: one block north. of Ccrbin station. West
Berkeley. Inquire of F. BEVIS. on the
premise*.
FRUITYALE ADVT ? S3IXTS
rBUITVAI.E RSAI. ESTATE.
THE Frultvale Index is published the first of
every month by JUDSON & CO.. 1310 Fruit-
vale ave. P. - O. box 466, Frultvale. All
kiads of realty advertised in the Index free
of charge. Send for Index.
FOR SALE— $2750; it cost $3750: rents for $20
per month: 2 ccttages on lot. 40x150. Apply
to S. S. AUSTIN. 1101 Twenty-third ave..
East Oakland. -
OAKLAND ADYERT'S'M'TS
CT ICE. 1010 BROADWAY.
OAB^tAHTB^BEAXi^ESTATS.
J.75O CASH. S10 monthly; East Lake cottage
of 5 rooms: Al well of fine water; shed;
younf? fruit trees, flowers, etc.; rich, sandy
loam soil: 4 lots. 10OxlfH>. all fenced; this
Is a rare property in a fine location: no fog
nor harsh winds here: see this at once: price
In all, S1500: adjoining East Oakland: call
or send for i-lrcular; carriage free. H. Z.
JONES, Land Own»r, 455 7th it., opp.
Broadway station. Oakland.
WILL tell half or whole interest in 10 or more
lot*, agreeing to reinvest proceeds la street
or other Improvements in tame tract; the
property is convenient to Key rcute and
eWtric cars and no vacant houses can be
fcund: principals only. Box 1351, Call office.
Oakland-
A BARGAIN — ST-SOO; a 2-story up-to-date bun-
galow; fine reception hall and beam ceiling
dtnlriK rccm. For rale by owner, F. P.
WRIGHT. 5SC Tenth St.. Oakland.
1 $2250. $2750. $4250 AND $12,000 WANTED,
at 8 Der cent on flrvt mortgage; good *ecur-
lty. A. KAYffER. I'll Broadway.
OAKLAND ?tnnri3HED BOOM3.
CURTIS. 14CS. cor. Twentieth. Oakland — One
sunny, furnished, front room, with bath; pri-
vate family.
! OAKLAND EOOMSWAJJTE*).
YOUNG couple wish 2 cr 3 completely fur-
nished rooms or smal! flat for housekeeping
near Produce Exchaase; references ex-
cbanred. Address box 1363. Call office.
Oakland.
OASLAHD rtfESi'i'UES 7O_ ff AT. "ft
TO-MORROW the day for barsains in furnl-
ture. ,H. Ecl.elhaas.llth Et.,cor.store. Oakland. ,
HOTJSSS TO LET.
A— PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G.H.UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery.
TO let— House of 10 rooms on California Et.;
rent $40. Inquire at N. \v. C or. Mission
and Tenth. Cal. Hcusewrecklng Co.
CASTRO. S£3 — 9 sunny rooms: garden; large
basement; key at S29 Castro st.
STORE and bar. 4 rcorr.s; stable, 4 stalls; #an
t»? usfil for anything. Inquire a^S Thirtieth st.
j «
HOUSES TO &ET— gTJBIflSHSP.
BEAUTIFUL RESIDENCE. "NOB HILL."
FURNISHED.
To let for one year; owner to room and board
with family. Apply at 819 California St., or
room 24. 405 Montgomery st.
A— HANDSOMELY furnished corner residence
on Van Ness ave.: IS rooms: baths: large
grounds: stable: lease to Al tenant. SPECK
& CO., 20f» Montgomery ut.
OAK. 41 P — New modern house: newly furnish-
ed; 0 rms. : bath, baserm-nt, garden and yard.
HOUSES ANDJWAOOKS.
150 HEAD of young horses at auction on
Thursday. Sept. 1, at 11 o'clock, at Inter-
national Horse Market, cor. 12th and Har-
rison ets. S. WATKINS. auctioneer.
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
round; near Black Diamond, Contra Cost*
Ccunty. Nucleus Stables. 100 Stevenson. 8.F.
FOR PALE — Bay mare, 7 years old; gentle;
perfect driver. Apply 1503 Market et.. room
8.; hours 9-12. 2-5.
NEW end second-hand buggies cheap. 623
Fulton gt.
BAY carriage team; 6 and 7 years old. 2450
pounds. Box 614, Call office.
BAY horse for pale: will either drive or ride.
Box 4605. Call office.
BUGGY harness for sale. Box 4806, Call of-
fice.
BUGGY for sale; leather top. Box 4610, Call
office.
GOOD, gentle horse for eale. Box 3109, Call
office.
PONY, buggy, trap ar.d harness for sale. 411
Bryant st.
A S-'sPRING business wagon for sale cheap.
1CS0 Mission St., near Thirteenth.
NEW and second-hand wagons, buggies, sur-
reys; cheap. 100 Golden Gate ave.
AUCTION eale of horses, wagena and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m. 327 Sixth st.
WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagons, har-
ness, work and driving hot sea. 15th- Valencia.
inVAXim^C~Ajrg3.
SOLD, rented, exchanged; manufacturers of
Eames tricycle chair. 201S Mkt.: tel.Park 775.
LOST AITD rOTJgP.
LOST — Ladies' gold watch, Sunday, between
Cliff and Baker street entrance to park alcng
bicycle path; finder please return to 509
Call bldg; reward.
LOST— A pass book with the Hibernia Sav-
in srs and Loan Socitty of San Francisco, in
the name of SARAH A. HASKELL. No.
23S-4U1; the finder will please return to bank.
LOST — On Mission st.. near Sixteenth, brown
leather purne. containing $10 60. MRS.
DEFFNER. 22.") Dolores st. ; poor woman.
LOST — Sunday eve.; ladies' gold pin set with
small pearls: reward. 2448 Larkin st.
TAN-COLORED purse, containing about $90;
reward at 421 Larkin st.
LOST — A r>asB bock with the Hlberr.la Sav-
ings and Loan Society of San Francisco in
the narr.o of Eliraboth Lowell. No. 2U1-7U&.
The finder will iileass return to bank.
LOST— A rass book with the Hibernia Sav-
ings and Loan Society of San Francisco, in
the name of Jane Stark; No. 261-1300. The
finder will please return to bank.
LOST — All of ' our competitors; reduction In
prices and quality of stock did It. SHIBELEY
THE FLORIST, 311 Cutter st.. phone Graat
11>7; 1204 Sutter st.. phone East 817.
LOST — Masonic Com. charm: reward offered.
H. C. TUCKER. 12S3 Waller St.
LAUNCHES rOS HIRE.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
Ft.; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
J. MIchaells Launch Co.. Union-st. Wharf; boat-
ir.s & excursions. 5 Steuart st. :tel.John 26S6.
MATTRESSES AKD PILLOWS.
TO order; renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process): excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKE
BROS.. l-l.".2-;;4 Howard ft.: phone South 216.
KEDICAL.
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relief
from irregularities consult me; my methods
are painless and reliable: no failures- no ex-
orbitant feea. CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE: 17 years' experience in all fe-
male disorders; call or write. DR. WHITE.
702 Market 6t., rooms 7 and 8.
LADIES — If you are In trouble, confide in me.
Relief for irregularities. Help for the un-
fortunate. My time is devcted exclusively to
these conditions. I'm the only GRADUATE
physician here who can fay this. Call or
write. Confidential. Est 14 yrs. DR. R.
H. WESTON. office 305 KEARNY ST.
MRS. DR WYETH, specialist for all female
complaints and Irregularities; instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. 820 Post St.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all "fe-
male troubles and irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1008% Market St.. opp. 5th.
VALPEAUS female pill.*; l»^st r-pulatlng pills
sold: price $2 M> by express. Pasteur's syr-
inge and tablets; urice $5. By express only
«.n receipt of urice. OSGOOD BROTHERS,
wholesale <lru exists. Seventh and Broadway.
Oakland.
DR. G. W. O'DONNTLI*— All who are pick or
in trouble consult thin specialist on female
complaints: positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office 101S Market st.
MRS. BERNARD. 17 Fcurth St.. room 9. pos-
itively cures rheumatism; magnetic, vapor &
Kteam baths. Office hours It) a. m. to 7 p.m.
DR.* and Mrs. DAVIES and HINDOO~HEr15S~:
or'gir.al method of treatment. 1126 Market.
URS. I>R. GWYER. 511A Leavenworth St., bT-
tween Geary and O'Farrell.
LADIES — Kumround: safe. sure, never falls;
$2. Gleasor.-Rugsl-rit Drug Co.. ivearny & Clay.
"Dr.. ROSEN jesides 2395 Folrom St., corner
20th: ladle*, relief er no 'ee; $10.
Z3.lSCEJ.X.Alir.OVS~ TOR SALE.
Al a sacrifice — 3 pool tables, billiard table.
with ball3 cues. etc.. ba&a^clle table, pig-
. eon-hole tab!> 1 counter, wall thowcase,
lar&g safe, lunch counter, iceboxes, a round
tables, large antique mahegany sideboard, 1
1 >et iron lolding gates. 26 feet long and- 7
:tct hi^n, suitable (cr theater <t cigar stand,
Ek>t machine, etc. Apply to T. F. KEYEs!
"The Louvre," 14th and Broadway, Oakland.
I I'D-IIAND machinery, ensln^g. boilers, pumps,
pulleys, thaftlnc. etc.. etc.. bought, sold,
lentcd and exchanged; se? Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE .MCHY. CO.. l.iO-132 Beale st.
BOILERS, rncines. 2J-hand machinery McIN-
TO&H & WOLPMAN. 1B5-1S7 Fremont st.
DOES YOUR KOpy Li:AK? .
Repair It with c!at?rite. In rolls easy to lay;
needs no fainting or (-oaring; good over old
iron, tin or shlncles: bcM fnr new roofs
ELATERITE HOOFING CO.. 71.{ M.irket Et.
1 A — BUYS, pells or rents sear machinery, en-
; sines. IK'!!.-™, water pipe, shafting, pulleys
etc. WHITKLAW. S3-23S Sptar St.
DIAMONDS and Jewelry on small weekly o r
monthly rayrconts. DEREMER'S. 137 Mont-
gomery st.. room 12, upstairs.
GKNTS' full dress. Prince Albert and Tuxedo
t-'jits to rent at LICHTENSTEIN BKOS.. 25
Stockton £t
J. COOPER, gents* full-dress rental parlors,
moved from Palace Hotel to 21 Stockton st.,
• upstairs.
TRY our men's shoes at ?1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we, pay express
'charges. II :!d St.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
SECOND-HAND lumber, sasn,' doors, tank
closets, cement trays, firewcod, etc.; bides
2£7-2s!) Geary. DOLAN CO.. 1C07 Market!
LARGE lots in center of Berkeley: fine inve-st-
ment; easy terms, W. E. FRENCH. lSil
Pine St.. S. F.
PIPE, all sizes, all kinds, cut and fitted to
sketch. Eugene Riley & Sons. 1C0 Vallejo »t.
LARGE lots in center of Berkeley: fine invest-
ment; easy terms. W.E.French.lsll Plne.S.F.
FOR Bale — A tailor Slnc«r machine and press.
board in good order. 745 Harrison st.
MISCELLAHEOUS— FOB SAMS-^pn^
FOR eale — The collection of George W. Dunn,
naturalist; In part or whole. D. L. MUN-
SON. ::<A Beach st.
FOR SALE — Al second-hand express wagon,
with a large rain top; no speculators; a bar-
gain. Apply 1509 Market St., room 9. Hours
9-12 a. m. and 2-5 p. m.
MUSCOVY ducks and ducklincs. 2765 How-
ard st.
SINGER drop head fewing machine and tail-
or's; used little. 2244 Mission St.. nr. 18th.
A FINE lorgnette chain, with 12 diamonds; a
bargain. 10 Sixth at.
ROOMS papered; $4 up; tinting, painting.
Hartmann Paint Ca. 319 TbirdUel.Maln 413.
NEERGAARD Cosmetic Co.. 242 Post st, half
price for Dr. Neergaard's depilatory.
2D-HAND build'g material, Iumber.doors,sa»h.
plumb, material. The Dolan Co.. 1C07 Market.
DESKS bought, snld alid exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co., S07 Mission St.; tel. South 811.
BEAUTIFUL 1-karat diamond ring $50; worth
$100. GARIN. 133 Montgomery st.
FOR sale — First-class new bricks. Apply DR.
C. C O'DONNELL. 1C21H Market St.
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
har.d. I. FREEMAN. 1329 . Market gt.
SAFES and desks; new and second-hand :prices
right at Richardson Bros.'. 1S16 Market st,
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, eale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck, 131 Post st.
SOME good 2d-hand gasoline engines. 1 to 12
h. p.. cheap. E. B. BECK & CO., 122 Mk..
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HEP.-
I MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sires. J. E. DOAK. 4« Fremont st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The "Weekly Call.
36 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 par year.
J^,.-^..-^ sc^.-!r*- k ~- B J !f?H!!,H- iyTS *- -
BIG prices paid for old gold, sealskins, dia-
rr.rr.ds. gents' full dress suits, etc.; send
poetal card. LICHTENSTEIN BRO3.. 25
t-toi-ktor. ct.
HIGHEST rrices for ladles', gentlemen's cast-
off ckth., etc. 822 Folsom «t.; tel. Fol. 3522.
HIGHEST price paid for castoff clothing. Tel.
Davis S25; 650 Sacramento st.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 l>th st.: tel. Jessie 2S51.
MOWEY JTO j^jOAW.
AA A— HERMAN MURPHY,
601-G02-C03 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estate, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests; assignments of rents; property In trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous' treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
1st, 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, in city, town
cr country-
Low rate of itereit.
Give full particulars
of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
Box 400. Call office.
YOU Will Need Money for the
Grand Conclave.
THE HUTTON" CREDIT CO..
9C6 Mutual Savins? Bank Building.
Is making liberal advances
on talaries: confidential.
SALART LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment:
call and get terms. Drake. 453 Parrott bldg.
A — ON furniture. or pianos at lowest rates; no
removal; no publicity; also on real estate;
1st or 2d mortgage or on any security; an>
amount. O. W, BECKER. 36 Geary, room 36.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at 2
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
S46 Market: tel. Main 164-4. Branch 10 Third.
MONEY leaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; large business In 46
principal cities. Tolman, 55o Parrott bldg.
A — ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates; no
removal; no publicity; also on real estate:
1st or 2nd mortgages or on any security; any
amount. O. W. BECKER, 38 Geary, room 36.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE, 907 Market st.
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 2B Montgomery St.. rm.21.
MONEY to loan at low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bough'.
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
CRESCENT Loan Co. loans to salaried people
Just on their note; easy payments. 500 Rial-
to bldz.. New Montgomery and Mission sts.
PRIVATE — Money leaned on salaries without
security, diamonds or chattels; no fee: no
com. Cal. Loan Co.. 526 Parrott bldg.
MONEY loaned on salaries, chattel mortgages,
life insurance policies, etc. L'nited Loan and
Tnm Co.. 21 Stockton st.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture, ir.dorsi-d notes and other security. S.
F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
DON'T botrow money on salary until you see
us. Hutton Credit Co., 305 Mutual Bank bldg.
ON real estate and chattels. E. W. LICK.
1C03 Mutual Ssv. Bank bld^.. 70S Market st.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyomlns loans to salaried
employes. Room Oil. Mutual ?av, Bk. bldg.
1 AlA. l^an." on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per/cent
>no. 8. F. Collateral Loan Bank. B.".S Kearny.
-';% O>7 furniture & pianos; $1.*. up: no removal;
no -om. V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy st^
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
in^orrcr. MORRELL, f.QO Examiner building.
CHEAPEST and test In America— Th» Weekly
Call. 1« pages, sent to any address In the
T"r>4f»>1 p*taf»* or C"«nnrt« one ve»r for SI
MOUXT ¦WAHTTED.
WANT J.XCO for 12 months on good collateral
security; will pay liberal interest an«l ?5t)y
per month en principal beginning =nd six
months. Box 7O. Call office.
VIVSICAJ, ZUSTSUIitEWTS.
HEADQUARTERS for renting pianos— Little
plane*- for small rooms, medium size for
average rooms, big pianos for large parlers,
halls, etc.; I linos fcr rent at $1 per month,
some at J2. a large number of good ones nt
$2 50 per mo.: our own make pianos at $3
per mo. (the best instrument offered for the
money in 8. F.); a fine line of elegant large
pisnes fcr $4 and $5 per mo.; over $150 in-
struments to select from, all of them good
bargains to buy as w<*lf as rent; one year's
rental allowed off purchase price. SCOTT-
CUKTAZ PIANO CO.. fkO-til Hayes st.
A ULNCH OF UPRtGKTS^Easy Payments.
Erard. s-mall upright for practice $J0
Woodworth and Allovon, splendid order.. 65
Neumann, malicgany case, a bargain.... 125
fchsrman. Clay & Co.. good order 135
Urovesttt-n & Fuller, splendid order 145
IJENJ. CUHTAZ & SON. 18 O'Farrell St.
AT $2 per menth up, rent or purchase; lowest
terms, lowest prires and greatest variety of
r.^w rl*n<"-*; all makes In used instruments.
HEINE PIANO CO . 235-237 Geary St.; Oak-
land. 7232 Broadway; largest exclusive piano
house und only manufacturers here.
SECOND-hand piano. $125. BAcTgaLUPI. 7S6
Mission Et.
A PRIVATE party left Fischer upright to b*
sold: $1.13. 237 Geary st.
A LOT unredeemed storage planes, furniture,
dirt c'neap. Whltehead's Storage. 1C3Q Mkt.
ONE month piano rent free on pianos rented in
July and August. BRUENN, 225 Sutter st.
A FISCHER upright piano for sale; as good as
new ; $135. 237 Geary st.
JCO FOR a fine upright. If you want a bargain
call at HORNUXG'S. 21C McAllister et.
fcOHMER, Byron Mausy planoa Ceeellsn piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 3CS-312 Pott sU
NEW upright pianos sold on $3 monthly pay-
ments. SOHMIT/C &. CO.. 16 McAllirter st.
3- PEDAL Steinway up; Chlckerlnjr baby grand:
Shoninjrer. little used. Keeffe'». 2K5 O'Farrell.
-^^ J 5r ? P -? L ?? S t_
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
-Smith Premier. $25; ¦ other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50. The
Typewriter Exchange. 536 California st.
2D-HAND " typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec. Co.. MS Market ;
WANT COLUNN OF THE CALL, BUT YOU HAY GAIN OHESANTA BARBARA. Aug. 20.— At th«
Democratic county convention here to
day Dr. If. C. Dlmoek of Lompoc wa«
nominated for the Assembly. Dele
gates to the joint State Senatorial con
vention were selected.
Nominations in Santa Dnrbnra.
SELMA, Aug. 29. — Selma became a
"dry town" to-day. Every saloon In
the place was closed as a result of the
now anti-saloon ordinance, which went
into effect on August 25. In all six
saloons have been forced to close their
doors.
Sclmrt n "Dr^.To\ra."
PENDLETON, Or., Aug *>9 —c c
Ellis 20 years old. was mysteriously
murdered on Sunday morning on Ba«*
Uet Mountain, sixteen miles southeast
of Milton, Or. Ellis, who lived on Bas
ket Mountain wirti his aged mother
left his cabin, and half an hour later
was found with his head blown ofT bv
a charge of buckshot fired at short
range. Tracks of another person were
¦found near by on the trail.
Mysterious Crini c in Oregon.
According to the census of 1S9G
Binang had a population of 7358.
GRASS VALLEY, Aujr. 29.— The
Democratic Third Senatorial District
convention,* which adjourned at Santa
Cruz to meet in Nevada City, to-night
nominated Assemblyman John V. Sny
der. \
Snytlcr Is Nominated.
ESOPUS, Auk. 29. — Senator Asbury
C. Latimer of South Carolina was th«
only political visitor at Rosemount to
day. Alter leavinff Rosemount Lati
mer said:
"I came to tell Judge Parker that
the South stands ready to send a host
of orators Xorth to help in the cam
paign against Roosevelt. Every speak
er In the South is prepared to' assist
in the North. The South is solid — not
so much against Republicans as
against the personality of Roosevelt.
The race question, as fathered b>
Roosevelt, will be the chief issue
against him."
the Northern States.
Ready to Send Horde of Orators Into
SOUTH'S OFFER TO PARKER.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Aup 20— Stmr Kaisrr
WllhelnvII. from Bremen. Southampton and
Cherbourg.
FOREIGN PORTS.
VICTORIA— Palled Au? 29— Br stmr \the
nian. for Yokohama and Hongkong.
. Monday. August C9.
Rtmr C003 TJay. Johnson, 72 hours from San
Pedro nnd way ports.
Schr Mary C. Campbell, 1 10 hours from Bo
dega. ,
ARRIVED.
LATS SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
MANILA. Aug. 29.— The city of Bi
nang, in Laguna province, island of Lu
zon, has been destroyed by fire. One
hundred persons perished in the
flnmes and 5000 were rendered home
less. The loss is estimated at $200 000
The Government is furnishing shelter
and food to the people made destitute
by the fire.
Great Loss of Ufe ami Property Ac
companies Destruction of Binans;,
in I.::£iina Province.
riilLI PPIXE CITY ' AVI PED
OUT BY piSASTROCS FIRE
Caretakers or Ranch Near Ukinh Meet
Death in Fire That Destroys
Cottase.
UKIAH, Aug. 29.— Yesterday a house
on the ranch of Dr. F. Giesebrecht. in
Redwood Valley, was burned to the
ground. Neighbors who went to the
place to investigate the cause of the
tire were unable to find Gottfried
Spy cher and wife, who had been tak
ing care of the property during the doc
tor's absence in the East and who were
living in the house. Later two corpses
were found in the ruins, both so badly
burned as to be beyond identification.
The" Spychers recently moved here
from San Francisco.
HUSBAND AND WIFE LOSE
LIVES IN THE FLAMES
It Is claimed that the national con
vention had no authority to pass upon
the regularity of the State convention
of Wisconsin and its decision or that
of the credentials committee of the na
tional convention or the convention
itself must be considered null and vuid
so far as the party within the State is
concerned.
MADISON. Aug. 29.— The attorneys
for Secretary of State Walter L.
Houster filed his answer -with the clerk
of the Supreme Court thi3 evening in
the suit brought against him on August
9 by the nominees of the anti-Third-
Term Republican State ticket, headed
by Samuel A. Cook, to cornel him to
place their names in the Republican
column on the offclal ballot and to re
strain him from placing the names of
the La Follette nominees In that
column.
The answer, which is a voluminous
document, denies all the allegations
upon which the suit rests. The answer
claims that of the 1065 delegates to the
State convention £15 1-5 La Follette
delegates were uncontested. The con
tests were reviewed and the number of
delegates in favor of the Governor was
535 1-3.
Secretary of State Files His Answer In
Suit Brousht by Stalwarts.
PROGRESS OF WISCONSIN FEUD.
LOS AXGELES, Aug. 29.— J. G. Os
ter of the Superior Court to-day reu
dered a decision upholding; the consti
tutionality of the "recall" provision of
the Los Angeles city charter, which
provides for the recall of any city offi
cial upon the petition of 25 per cent of
the legal voters of his district.
The case in point was that of Coun
cilman Davenport of the Eighth Ward,
who had been "recalled" by petition
of his constituents for his vote upon a
public contract and who sought to an
nul their action by attacking the con
stitutionality of the law.
Constitution.
Los Angeles Superior Judge Says
City's Charter Does Not Violate
COURT HOLDS "RECATX"
PROVISION IS VALID
The mail was brought in by seven
overland trains, three from the Santa
Fe and four from the Southern Pacific.
SAN BERNARDINO, Aug. 29.— The
local postoffice was swamped with
Eastern mail to-day as the result of
the big washouts which occurred along
the Southern Pacific and Santa Fe
tracks. Since yesterday afternoon
twenty-nine sacks of Eastern mails
have been dumped into the local post
office.
San Bernardino.
Seven Overlands, Westbound, Reach
DELAYED TRAINS ARRIVE.
The Ninth Senatorial District Demo
cratic Convention met in San Fran
cisco yesterday and nominated for thv*
State Senate E. J. Randall of Con
cord, Contra Costa County. The dele
gates from Marin and Contra Costa
Hi-sembled at the headquarters of the
Democratic State Central Committee.
The latter county, having the ma
jority, named the nominee. Randall
is president ef the Anderson Lumber
Company of Martinez. He is a man
40 years of age and possessed of good
business traits. His nomination will
preserve the Democratic organization
in the district, but the opinion is gen
eral that Charles M. Belshaw. the Re
publican nominee, will be returned to
the upper house of the Legislature by
an increased majority. Four yeara
ago many of the attaches of
San Quentin prison worked night
and day to bring about the de
feat of Belshaw and- the election of
J. H. Wilkins, the Democratic can
didate. In the coming campaign har
mony prevails in the Republican camp
and all the signs indicate that Belshaw
will get thje full Republican vote of
th* 1 - district.
The Iroquois Club of San Francisco
will hold its twenty-first annual bulls
head breakfast at Brown's Tavern.
Fairfax, Marin County, September 4.
Ereakfast will be served at 1 p. m.
sharp. -I"
Democrats of Ninth Senatorial Dis
trict Select E. J. Kandall of Con- O
cord to Oppose lici-hnw.
CONTRA COSTA CdUNTY
NA3IES THE NOMINEE
All the Santa Fe trains from the East
have been arriving over the Southern
Pacific tracks from Deming, N. M.. for
several days, but the main line of the
Santa Fe is open again and the first
west-bound train is expected to arrive
some time this evening. It will be about
ten hours behind time.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 29.— Eoth the
Santa Fe and Southern Pacific railroad
companies announce to-day that their
lines through California and Arizona
which were washed out by recent floods
have been temporarily repaired and
that trains are again moving both
ways.
Railroads Temporarily Repair Tracks
Washed Out by Cloudburst.
TRAFFIC IS RESUMED.
CHICAGO. Aug. 29.— "Absolutely
nothing." in Mayor Harrison's words,
summarized the result of the meeting
of the Aldermanic committee named to
mediate if possible in the stockyards
strike after it had adjourned to-day.
The committee does not expect to meet
again.
Attempt to End Strike Fails.
NEW YORK, Aug. 29. — Philip
Weinseimer, president of the Building
Trades Alliance, a union organization,
who has twice been indicted for ex
tortion, to-day resigned his leadership
and William P. Naaon. president of
the Reliance Labor Club of Marble
Cutters, was elected his success^-.
Weinseimer Resigns Under Fire
HAWTHORNE. Nov., Au£. 29.-At
Laughton Canyon, fifty miles south of
here, where the washout of last Tues
day tore out five miles of track and
roadbed and where fifty men have since
been employed in repairing, was washed
out again yesterday and now is in much
worse condition than at any time be
fore. There are indications of more
rain to-day, so that the time of resum
ing through traffic remains very uncer
tain.
The Carson and Colorado will not
have through trains in less than a week
even if no more washouts occur, and
the indications on the Tonopah road
are yet more discouraging.
Forty delayed passengers now at
Sodaville presented a petition to the
railroad people this morning asking to
be returned to Reno if there was any
way possible, and the railroad company
is now trying to arrange to get them
back north this afternoon.
Continuance of Washouts Destroys
Itabor of Kepair Gang.
WORK OF MEN UNDONE.
WELLINGTON. Kans., Aug. 29. — >
Thomas L. Wilson, vice president of
the International Order of Machinists,
was tried here to-day for an attack
on a Santa Fe workman in Arkansas
City. No verdict has yet been returned
by the jury.
To-d^y fifteen non-union machinists
arrived in charge of Santa Fe detec
tives. W. H. Johnson and Walter
Emerson met them at the depot and
tried to induce them not to go to
work. Johnson was at once arrested
for violating the injunction against In
terfering with the company's em
ployes. All the new men but one went
to work under the protection of of
ficers.
Union Man Arrested for Interferina
With Santa Fe Employes.
VIOLATES INJUNCTION*.
BUTTE, Mont., Aug. 29.— A cloud
burst in Silver Bow Canyon has
wrought havoc with the Northern Pa
cific tracks two miles east of Durant
and wrecking crews are now at work
clearing away a mass of rock that was
precipitated upon the tracks.
The storm broke last night and what
was a few hours before a dry canyon
was soon changed into a running tor
rent which tore away rocks and hurled
them upon the track. The roadbed was
also washed out and traffic was de
layed several hours. It is estimated
that about twenty-five tons of rork
were piled upon the Northern Pacific
tracks and a new gorge was formed by
the force of the water. Two bridges
were swept away. It will require
twenty-four hours to repair the dam
age.
MISSOULA. Mont.. Aug. 29.— As a
result of the recent heavy rains prac
tically all the' forest fires that have
been raging in various parts of Western
Montana have been extinguished.
CHICAGO. Aug. 23.— The sreat shops
of the Pullman Company are to shut
down on September 1 and thousands of
men employed In the various depart
ments of the car building corporation
will be without work. Tnirty thousand
persons at Pullman and in the sur
rounding: towns will be affected.
When the Pullman Company Is work
ing on full time 7000 are employed.
During the last few months, owing to
a lack of new orders, men have been
laid off. 300 and 400 at a time, until
now "the force does not aggregate more
than 2000.
The plant may remain closed for
more than a month.
Twenty-Five Tons of Rock
Piled on Eails by Flood
That Sweeps Away Bridges
Operations at the Plant
May Not Be Resumed for
More Than Thirty Days
LACK OF .NEW OKDEES
ROADBED WASHED OUT
Storm in Montana Changes
Dry Canyon Into Running
Torrent and Tracks Suffer
Thirty Thousand Persons Af
fected by Car Company's
Decision to Shut Down
CLOUDBURST
PLAYS HAVOC
PULLMAN'S BIG
SHOPS TO CLOSE
ther Kelly to Edward L. Harbert, lot on SW
corner of Beach and Baker 6treet». S 35 by
W 137:0; $10.
Julia A. and Clarence F. Brlggs to George
Bennett, lot on N line of Clay street, 161:3
W cf Baker, W 25 by X 127 :8U: $1*>-
Thomas and Mary E. Vodden to Margaret
Rippon. lot on E line of Ashbury street, 75
X of Halght, X 25 by E 100: $10.
James C. Gordon to Charles W. Gompertz.
lot 6n E line of Michigan street, C6:S N of
Richmond, N 33:4 by E 00; $10. j
Bridget Grant to Neil Grant, lot on S line of j
Point Lobos avenue, 29:2 E of Wood, E 23
by S 125, block A. Juntpero Homestead; gift.
Same to same, lot on SE corner of Point
Lobos avenue and Wood street, E 29:2 by S
125; gift. -
Nell Grant to Bridget Grant, lot on S line
of Point Lobos avenue. 20:2 E of Wood street.
E 25 by S 125, block A, Junipero Homestead;
Same to same, lot on SE corner of Point
Lobos avenue and Wood street, E 29:2 by S
125; tift.
Jennie Lowenthal to II. H. Lowenthal. lot
on NW corner of Ridley etreet and Elgin
Park, W 25 by N 75; also lot on E line of
Baker street. SO N of Grove. N 25 by E
;«i ''• alB0 Iot on N l lne ot clav street,
l-'O W of Devlnadero. W 37 by N 127:6; also
lot on S line of Washington street. 131:3 W
of Baker," \V 25 by S 127:814: $10.
Jennie Goldberg: et al. to Philip L. Ballen.
lot on W line of Howard street, 160 S of Seven
teenth. S 25 by W 122 :C- $10
Mary A. Hareriy to Adelaide A. Howard,
lot on N line of Twenty-first street. 105 E ot
Sanchez. E CO by N 114; $10.
William H. and Rachel E, Hartwell to Rich
ard O Connor, lot on S line of Dorland street.
145:6 \V of Church. W 25, S 110:11. SK 25:IU,
X 123:7; $10.
James C. O'Malley to Andrew G. and Mary
E. Roos. lot on E line of Walter street. 343 I
I Im of Fourteenth. N 25 by E 125; $10. !
Hibernia Savings and Loan Society to Carl !
Krecker. lot on NW line of Market street, 335
NE of Nw. XE 25, NW 115, N 7:7, W 37 :C, |
SE 155; $.3«00.
Mary E. and John H. von Schroeder to !
Joseph L. and Minnie Gorman, lot on W line J
of Howard street, »57:G N of Twenty-third. N i
27:ti by W 122:G; $10. !
Maria C. and Joseph G. Hooper to Joseph G. ;
Hooper, lot on N line of Eush stre;t. 206:3 W I
01 Montgomery. W CS:9 by N 137:6. •
Maria C. and Joseph G. Hooper to Maria :
C. Hoorer. lot on NE line of Second street. 1
12T. SE of Harrison, SE 83:2V4 by NE '
130; also lot on SB line of Harrison street. 100 I
NE of Second, NE 30 by SE 123, quitclaim
deed: ?1. ,
Estate of Cornelia B. Stanly (by John |
Garber, executrix) to Joseph II. Quay, lot on !
S line of Bush street. 185:7 W ot Kearny. W
40 by S K;7:6: $«>.OOO. i
Joseph M. Quay to Pacific States Telephone I
and TVlegraph Company, same: $10.
Tomaso and Jennie Varni to William J.
Gardner. Iot on NE corner of Clay and Stock
ton streets. N 6S:0 by E 55; $10.
George F. and Mae Busweli to John E.
Meson, lot on SW line or Main street. 115 SE
of Mission. SE 22:6 by SW 91:8; $10.
John Bause to same, same, quitclaim, deed;
Theodore F. Tracy to P. McG. McB?an, lot
on NW line of Xatoma street (projected), 275
NE o f . Third, NW 80 by NE 37:6; also lot
on NW Jine of Natoma street. 402:6 S of West
Second, SW 20 by NW 80, and all interest I
In ICO vara block: $10. «
A. and .le.ssle McDonald to Mary Petersen !
(wife of Melcher). lot on E line of Rhode Isl- |
and street. 10O S of Twenty-tfilrd, S 25 by E
100; $10. I
Frank W. and Emma A. Fuller to John L. •
and Grace M. Calvert, lot on E line of Nine- !
tpenth avenue, 173 N of California, N 26 by E
120; $10.
Emma M. and Benjamin Heath to Solomon
Getz, lot on N line of California street. 82:6 i
E of Twenty-third avenue. E 50 by N 100; $10. |
James nnd Margaret F. Sharp to George t
Muller, Iot on E line of Twenty-fourth avenue,
ISO N of California. N 25 by E 120; $10. \
Edward H. anil Mary Commins to Jchn Me- i
Mahon. lot on SE ccrner of Point Loboa ave- j
nue and Twel.'th avenu». S 100 by E 32:0; also ]
lot on NW corner of Eleventh avenue and A ;
street. X 100 by W 32:6; also lot on NW cor- I
ner of Twenty-second avenuo and A street, N j
100 by W 57:0; also lot on SE corner of
TMrty-s!xth avenue nnd B street. R 240. E !
10O. X 140. W <;2:«, X 10O. W 57:0; $10.
Bridget Grant to Xeil Grant, Iot on W line •
of XInth avenue, 175 N of A street. N 25 by 1
W 120; Rift. \ ;
Xeil Grant to Bridget Grant, same prop- j
erty; quitclaim deed; gift. \
Bay District Land Company to Catherine F. 1
Hill, lot on E line of Fourth avenue, 20O N [
of A Ptreet, X DO by E 120; $10. ;
Solomon nnd Dora Getz to Emma M. Rey- !
nolds». :ot on W line of Forty-seventh avenue, I
200 S of II street. S 25 by W 120; $10. ;
S. Ducas Company (corporation) to Adolpli i
and Frederick Larson, lot on SE line of •
Howth. 100 NW of Mount Vernon, SW 75 1
by SE 103:5, lots 18 to 20, block D, Getz Ad- '
dklon to Lako-vlew; $10.
Same to William R. Thomas, lot on NE
line of Thirty- second avenue, 175 NW of J
street, NW 25 by NE 200, lots S and 36,
block S50, Bay View; $ .
Rose P. Lewis to John A. Jacobs and D. H.
Otto, lot on E corner of P street and Thirteenth
avenue. SE f>0 by NE 100. block 250, O'N. &
H. Tract; $10.
Kate L. Stoesser, formerly Kate E. L»m- '
man and Otto D. Stoesser, to John H.- Pen- I
prase, lot on S line of Eighteenth street. 250
W of Clover alley. W 25 by S 121, lot 12,
block 2, Pioche and Robinson subdivision: $10. ¦
August and Jessie B. GlglinR to Edward C. i
Travis, lot on W line of Buena Vista street. :
211 N of Cortland. N 25 :S by W 70, lot 29.!. !
Cobb Tract; $10.
Julius C. Rels to Severin Jacobson, lot 33,
block 12. Rels Tract; grant.
Cornelius and Catherine T. Buckley to Cor
nelius F. McTernan, lot on SW line of Fif- 1
t^enth avenue. 2l?5 XW of N Ftr<»et NW 2.">
by SW 100. block 300, South San Francisco
Homestead; $10. •
Abe R03?nstein to S. Ducas Company, lot j
on S corner of Bacion and Girard streets, SW '
05 by SE 25, block 11, University Mound: $10. :
S. Duca3 Company (corporation) to Joseph j
R. Goodrich, lot on NW line of Woolsey. 107 •
NE Berlin. NE 20 by NW 100, lot 5 blocu
10. University Mound; ?10.
Charles P. Gibbons to MattU E. Gibbons
lot on E line of Patten street. 100 N of High
land. N 25 by E 100, lot 41, block 2, Holly
Park; $1.
Frederich C. and Clara Mayer to August F
Mayer, lot on SW line of Sixteenth avenue
%r:' SB ef N street. SE 25 by SW 100, block
330, Case Tract; $10.
' Builders' Contracts.
Taul Buhr (owner) with Floyd L. and Earl
D. Baird (contractors), plans by owner —
Plumbing, plastering, painting, concrete and
carpenter work for n two-story frame building
(flats) on lot on W line of Landers street 135
N of Fifteenth. W 125 by X 25: $44S0. '
C. A. Wachhorst (owner) with T. M. Me-
Laehlan (contractor), architect T. Paterson
Ross— All work for a three-story and basement i
frame building (three, flats) on lot on E line of I
Church street, 05 N ot Fifteenth. N 25 by !
E 75; ?etJ50.
Enterprise Brewing Company (owners) with I
Cobby & Hans?n (contractors), architects II \
Gellfuss fc Son— All work for a two-story
fr{<me building on lot on X line of Seventeenth
street. 220 E of Folsom, X r>0 E 37:3 SW
53, W to bsginning; $l!M)0. " i
Charles Carpy (owner) with Thomas ButlT !
(contractor), architects William Mooser and E. i
G. Bollrs — Brick work for a two-5tory and '
attic and basement brick residence on lot on
XK corner of Scott mid California streets X
10(» by E 41:3; $!»r>lS.
Thomas and Annie A. Mcdden (owners) with
G. C. Wright (contractor and architect) — All
work for a 5-ronm and basement frame cot
tnse on lot on E line of Florida street, 113
S of Twenty-sixth, E 100 by S 20, Mission
Block 203 ; 11825,
Security Savlnrn Bank fowners) with Flood
b»rg & McCafTery (contractors), architect
Xathaniel B!aistlcll — La thine. plast?rlnjr furr
lnpr. fire proofing. cenientln*. ornam-ntal
stucco for a two-story and basement brick
huildinir on lot on E line of Montgomery
street. 137:0 8 of California E CS:9 by S 40
?20C0. " > v-
Florino II. Brandenstein (owner) with Fred
I'. Fi?cher (contractor), architect Hermann
Bnrth — Grading, brick, concrete, carpenter and
mil! work, plastering-, tin work. Interior finish
and tiling for a two-story and attic frame
building: with brick veneer and brick base
ment on let on W line of Franklin strest I
S7:SVt_ S or Sacramento, S 40 by W 100;
$ / 15,5,u>.
Same owner with Ickelh«Imer Bros, (con
tractors), architect same — Plumbing and gas
fitting: for same on same; $1572.
Maria Seeger (owner) with J. Frank Ball
(¦contractor), architect T. Paterson Ross — All
work to complete basement stories of two two
ptory and basement frame buildings into two
flats on lot on E line of Fourth avenue, 175
S of South California street, S 00 by E l"0
$2450. " '
IlEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
. FOR MONDAY. AUG., 20.V
Louis and Jcnnfe Frledlander to Mary W
Morris, lot on S lino of Sinter street 1 —» - A
K of Webster. E 5 by S 137 :C. with restrictfvt
covenant tor benefit of adjacent property $10
Abraham W. Johnson to George C and' Jes'
Me A. H. riace, lot on S line of Turk street"
ol:S E of Pierce, E 25 by S 87:6; $10 C *
John C. and Bertha Levy to Alexander and
Fanny Abrahamson, lot on SW corner ot Brod
trick and California streets, W C8:9 by S 100;
John \T. Morgan. Frances C. Carter and Es-
¦ ¦¦'..{;'-?•:! «¦¦¦¦ \
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL", -TUESDAY. AUGUST 30, 1004.
12
| ZEOOSS3 TO LCT — Pura. and XTnfurn.
I FIRST. .M7— Larpe front room for light
housekeeping; running water and closet.
FRANKLIN. 42S — Furnished room.
FlJANKLIN. 721, near O. G. ave. — Sunny fur-
nished frcnt room*, suitable for two. $10.
Ft'LTON. Ct»— r.otyr.s to let.
FULTON. 203 — Nice front roo'ni; running
water.
FUZUCISHCD rooms to let; all locations. Phona
Ciay HUG.
GEARY. 441— Furnished rooms.
GEARY, 483 — To let. one nicely furnished
I front room.
GEART. 613— Nice front room.
GEARY. 620 — Eunr.y furnished rooms.
GEARY. 1433 — Sunny front room.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 35c
to $1 25 night; $1 50 to $0 wk.; reading-rm.
GROVE, 45S — Nice, large, sunny room.
GUERRERO. 333 — Nicely furnished large sun-
ny rocm; b*th. Kas and phone; private fam.
HAIGHT. 60— Furnished room to let.
HAIGHT. 218 — Nicely furnished rooms; sunny,
bath, phone; all conveniences.
HAMPTON place, 18— Single or housekeeping
rooms.
HARRISON. 741— Furnished rooms.
HARRISON. 240$Vs. between Twentieth and
Twenty-first — To let, sunny front room with,
*ras and bath: $•) per month.
HOWARD. 715— Large sunny rooms at low
rates; 27f to $1 day and $1 25 to $5 weak.
HOWARD. SCO— Nicely furnished rooma
JESSIE. 187 — Furnished roonn.
JESSIE. 3C3. east IT. S. Mint — Small rooms ,
$5 and lar^e rooms 58 per month.
JESSIE, D24— Furnifhed rooms to let.
JONES. S15 — Furnished room.
KEARNY. 305. cor. Bush— Nicely furnished
eunny rooms and bath at reasonable prices. !
LAKGE sunny frcnt room in private home to !
a Kcntleman. Box 714. Call office.
LARKIN. 618 — Furnished rooms.
LOMBARD. 792 — Furnished rcorn.
MARKET. 1049 (The Falmouth) — Sunny rooms.
hot. cold water, elevator;windows lor parade.
MASON. 514, nr.Sutter — Sun. front room suite or j
single; <lesantly furn.; modern; reasonable.
=
MINNA. 110 — Nice sincle and doubls rooms
to let; rent cheap.
MINNA. 668— Nicely furnished single front
room.
¦ -
MISSION. 759— Furnished rooms.
MISSION. 1023 — Large punny front room.
MISSION. 1514, near Eleventh — Good room;
one or two persons; $1 50 per week.
I
MISSION. 2768— Two bright furnished rooms.
NINTH. 27?s — Private; cleanest, sunniest
handiest rooms In San Francisco; prices to
suit; cars all round.
NOE, 577 — Large furnished room to let; sun-
ny; terms reasonable.
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
j,ant; electric lights; unfurnished offices.
PINE. S27, near Powell— Sunny furnished
rcom; suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen; reas.
PINE, 1B15 — A nice front room to let.
PINE. 1735, close in — Sunny bay-window room;
f-lectric lisht; running water; cheap.
POLK, l'Jll. near Sacramento — Sunny fur-
rishc-d rooms.
POST, 217 — Elegantly furnished rooms, single
or <n suite, for conclave visitors; reasonable.
POWELL. 1220, cor. Pacific— Nice, sunny
front rooms, double and single; popular
prices; also housekeeping rooms.
SACRAMENTO. 1C05— Nice! sunny front
rooms; unfurnished; ga«, bath, etc.
GTH. 143 — Rooms with housekeeping privileges;
also <louble parlors; good for Dr. or dsntist.
SIXTH. 314— Furnished rooms.
SOUTH PARK, S4— Furnished room.
STEVENSON. C35 — Sunny double furnished j
loom fo- gentk-men.
TAYLOR. 024. cor. Suttcr— 2 sunny front
rcim«; also 2 housekpg. rooms; reasonable. |
THE LAUCHMONT. 3C1 Sutter— New brick i
bulldins. finely furnished; mod?rn; central; j
rates reasonable.
THIRD. SOS <The Mayflower)— Pleasant ouny j
lurnifhed rooms; central; reasonable.
UNITED STATES, 123 ;>ldy. near Market— 400 !
room*. 35c to $1 night. $1 75 to fe week; elec- i
trie lights (no kuf). running water In every :
room; elevator, read.-room: free bus; baggage, i
WASHINGTON, 028— A neatly furnished room; j
cheap. ;
WILLOW ave., 14, cfT Larkin, n-ar Eddy— '
Front furnished room; SS; private family. j
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d El., near Market — ;
Moat fonvenlcnt and respectable: 700 rooms; i
sr.c to ?1 5<JT.iKlit: $2 to $$ week; elevator; >
<?Ifc. lights; readir.ir-room; free bus; baggage. !
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at \
Call branch office, cor.Duncan and Church sts. i
A BRANCH office of The Ca!l for the reception ;
of advertisements and subscriptions has been i
opened at 1<XIS Market St.. opposite Fifth, i
Open until 11 p. m. '
SOO2XS AND BOAED.
A— THE VESTA. |
1543 PINE. NEAR VAN NESS, |
IS NOW OPEN TO THE PUBLIC. !
ELEGANTLY FURNISHED SUITES AND |
SINGLES. !
AMERICAN AND EUROPEAN PLAN.
REFERENCES.
\ ALLEJO, U30, ccr. Leavenworth, one block
to Hyde-Et. tar— Newly furnished sunny front
rooms; excellent home cooking; running
water, yard, laundry, phone; private family;
hom«l!ke and refined; reasonable.
NICE sunny furnirhed room with running
water; private bath; board If desired; in a
private family; for lady or gentleman. Box
4C4. Call office.
OCTAVIA, 12^-,. or box 179. Call— New rooms,
elegant 'board; private; references; $25 per
month.
OAK, 1020— Boarders wanted.
EDDT, S21— P.oom and board.
EDDY. 722 — Rooms and board.
ROOMS to let with board. ' Marchioness, ICO
Colcicn Gate ave.
HOOJ'S and boerd; private; suitable for two
gentlemen; references. Box 204. Call
FIRST. 223 — Excellent table board $4 per
week. With large, tunny room ?5.
HAIGHT. CO— Newly furnlfched double ana
rlngle rooms; good home cooking; reasonable.
POWELI* 732— Sunny furnished room and I
board. • i
MIXNA. r»45— Sunny room with board for gen-
tleman: reasonable. *
NICH furnished rooms with excellent French
table board. 453 Ellis st.
O'KAKHEU,, C21 (The Ccmora) — 2 or 3 superb
rooms; large grounds; best labie; billiard rm.
HOOM.and board; private family; reasonable
142S Jones et. .
FRANKLIN. 110- Sunny sGlte and' single
rooms; txvellent board.
| BOO3ZS ATTD SOASD — Continued.
! ROOMS with bo.ird; all locations. Phone Clay
j 900.
i KDDT, 312S, or?. Jefferson Park — Fine furn.
I runny rornw; table lK:aid: rcas. ; new raanas.
HOWARD. S*IA — Flrst-cIaBS bcar«1 a:i'l room,
••ingle or. dovble. $5-$(i wk. ; American family.
Stevenson Mans!on, o;ip. <lrace Church annex,
S»7 California— gee rooms, 1^-arn prices, try table.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
i Ca'l branch office, cor. Punoan <t Church «t«
j *• ¦ -
[ HAVE you r.ny rcoms to let? If you have and
want them rented quick telephone to Clay 996.
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED — Permanent room for gentleman In
private family in best residence destrict.
Address box 777. Call.
_PKTSICIA2TS AUTO ST7BGEON&;
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
1021 Vj Market St.. bet. fith and 7th: particu-
lar attention paid to dl?ense» of women.
BLOOD, skin nnd rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BAI-L, 1C7.T/j Market st.
: REMOVED— DR WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason st., now lo-
cated at 6(57 Geary 5t.. near Leavenwcrth.
WONG~\VOOrihe~faTnotiThe7b doctor— All d!s-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
DR. WONG HON. 310 Powell St.. tea and herb
sanitarium; diseaws skillfully treated.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
PATESTS.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-iaw, 6 Hobart bldg.. 532 Market st.
FURCHABIITG^^AGEWCIE^
CLARA E. JEWETT. purchasing agent; coun-
try orders a specially: correspondence pollclt-
ed. 356S 17th st.. San Franclaeo. Tel. Capp 856.
STORAGE ATO WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storaze & Van Co.; furniture
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Hor.ard ft., nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
A — GILP.ERT Sz STOLL Storaee Co.; storage,
paciting. shipping; warehouse. G.G. and Van
Ness; office 1170 Market, r. 43; tel South 7S0.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co.. 3 Eddy St.;
phone Mint 2311; JOHN F. COOPER, pres.;
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
PIEKCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. of-
fice Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Pri. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S Storage— Furniture and merchaii- i
/Use. 3S3 Golden Gate ave.; phono East 126.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made. 840
Mission St.; tel. Howard 941. F.W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Ptorac* and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2-'>20 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
St.; tel. Main 1S40. Shipping at cut rates.
szswisra aiACExzrcs and sttfvt.tes.
ABOUT renters — We have about 1000 new
Whites to rent at ?2 per month; you can
make no mistake when you order a White.
bs you get the best oewing machine on
earth. Visit the White Co.'s new retail
office. 015 Market et., and see the beautiful
collection of machine art work.
j
DOMESTIC — The machine for family use; best i
is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
I rice; all kind3 rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic office. 1021 Market St., near Sixth. I
A NEW Home, the best second-hand machine;
all kinds. $3. 55, 5S; guaranteed: where the
dolls swing In the -window. 1051 Market st.
A BRANCH office for The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been erened at 1008 Market St., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 n. m.
PROPqSAX.3.
NOTICE is hereby given that sealed bids will
be received until 2 o'clock p. m., Monday,
September 12, 1904, by the Board of Con-
trol of the Territory of Arizona, at tho
office ot eaid board in the city of Phoenix.
Arizona, for the Eale of ten bonds of the
denomination of one thousand dollars each,
numbered 11 to 20. Inclusive, bearing data
cf January 1. 1904, due and payable Jan-
uary 1, 1854. bearing Interest at the rate ot
6 per cent (5%) per annum, optional after
twenty-five years, issued by the Territory
©f Arizona, in accordance with the pro-
visions of Act No. 73 of the Twenty-second
Legislative Assembly of said Territory, and
which act" has been approved by the Con-
gress of the United States. Said bonds bt>-
Ine the second Issue ot th« loan authorized
by eaid act. Interest on said bonds will
b« paid eemi-annually on the first day of
January and July of each year, and both
principal and Interest payable in pold coin
cf the United States at the office ot tha
Treasurer of raid Territory. A certified
check cf a responsible bank for 5 per cent
of the amount bid. payable to the order of
E. E. Klrklar.d, Territorial Treasurer, and
a copy of this advertisement must accom-
pany each bid. Failure of bidder to maks
payment in full upon allotment and tend*r
of bonds will be considered a cancellation
o* the bid and the forfeiture ot the check
accompanying the same. The beard reservei
the right to reject any and al! bids. Bids
trust be Ecaled and addressed to the Board
of Control. Phoenix, Arizona, and marked
"Proposal? for purchase of Insane Asylum
Bonds." GEORGE E. TRUMAN. Secretary.
STTTTTERXSTG AND 3TAKMEE1KO.
AT Melbourne Institute, Van Ness and Market,
is taugh* celebrated Melbourne system; only
Melbourne in U. S. : private; established •'{
years in S. I*. Tel. Mint 2«26 from 1 to 5 pm.
MAKKIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses wera Issued
yesterday:
Gc'orpc W. Nicl;ell, 21. 6*J3 Baker street, and
Edna W. Charlton, IS. Kia Franklin street.
John Kak-h. 21. C88 McAllister street, and
Phoebe A. Johnson. 21. 3."!1 McAllister street.
Charles B, Marks. 30. 2titfJ Green street, and
Ruth A. Quinan. 2.'J 3232 Sacramenti street.
Francis II. McCann,. 21, :!>(32 Twenty-first
street, and Lida B. Pixloy. 21, city.
Edwin Jonsson. o.">. Oakland, and Ida Lin-
dow. 32, Oakland. •
Fred Hernzott. 20. Ct)2 Grove street, and
Lizzie Hayes. 2,>, 1S21 Greenwk-h street.
George Crowper. 22. 3S Silver street, and
Marguerite E. Fay. IS 21 Perry street.
Albert W. Slsson. 32, 532 Ellis street, and
Katherlne *'. Doyle. 21. 250 Dore strert.
Ernst P. H. Kahler, 31, 821 Bush street,
and Ida Sivers. 2j, 74'J Bush street. ]
Stanley F. Williams, 27. city, and Mary
I'ertheau. 24. 3024 Steiner street.
John F. Fersuson. 44. 111B Wolfe street.
and Amy M. Frew. 2S. Guelph. Canada.
John Carroll. 24. €23 Florida screet, and
Kathk-en M. Murphy. 1!>. 2.11 Rose avenue.
l'oter F. Clarke. 37, 519 San Bruno avenue
and Mary E. Clarke. .17. Oakland.
James W. Turner, 24. 215 Twenty-seventh
Street; and Alice E. Corcoran, 21. 234 Twenty-
seventh street. y.
Alfred J. Flood, 21, Oakland, and Mae'B.
Page. 18, 2027 Sacramento street.
Martin Field 20. 50 Third street, and Ida
M. Lons 20. Reno. Nev. '•
Arthur' C. Wallace, 2»J. 230 O'Farrell street,
and Josephine A. Saunders, 20, 70S California
Patrick H. Johnson, 39, Omaha, Nebr. and
Ell«-n M. Smith. 30. city.
Walter P. Gann. 20. 512 Jones street and
Cosey P. Sparks, 19. 512 Jones street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must bs- handed
in at either of the publication offices nnd bs
Indorsed with the name and residence ot per-
sons authorized to have the uame published.
NoUcf-s restricted pimply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
free of charge.
HORN.
THOMPSON— In Oakland. August 22. 1904. to
the wife pf W. W. Thompson, a daughter.
married:
CARLSON— GORDON— In this city. August 24.
1904, by the Rev. M. S. Levy, Ferdinand
Carlson and Helen Gordon.
COHEN— ZEIMET— In ! this city August 28,
1004. by the Rev. M. S. Levy. Henry Cohen
and Frances Zclmet.
HARRIS— SCHWAB— In Oakland August 28.
1004. by the Rev. M. S. Levy, Henry Harris
and Miss Carrie Schwab.
JACOBS— ABRAHAMS— In thin city August
20. 1904. by the Kev. M. S. Levy, Jacob
Jacobs and Eva Abrahams.
KAHLER— SIVERS— \p this city August 20
1904, in Grace Church, by the' Rev. D. j!
Evans. Ernst. P. H. Kahler and lda'siver<*
both of this city. •
KELLY — BAUER— In- this city, August CS
1004. by the Rev. G. A. Brrnthal. Edv/aVd
Kelly of San Francisco and Louisa Eauer
of San Rafael.
LEVY— SNOEK— In this, city, August 2S
1UO4, by the Rev. M. S. Levy, Louis Levy
and Amelia Snock. . .T^f
- DIED.
Altmayer. Theresa Lewis. Charles ir
Keck. Joel V. McClunp. John
r.odkln. John M. . Marshall George D
Dalton, Eugene . Miller. John
EnriRiit. Patrick Neary Patrick
Garbarino. Bean ice Schiafflno. G B
Graham, Elizabeth A. Sfhraub, Elizabeth
Greenwood. Elizabeth Stanton, Ellin F
Grelf. Catherine Strong Rev. Jacob H
Haker. William C. L. Tucker Joshua H
PZZT.-XZ.O ?AEX JtrAL ESTATE.
Pi.CH bCt* — Tuu s-acre and on» 4-acr*
ixvt, iia< k of Fair Ottkf: water and good
road*: la«: •>" lM» prut^tty left: M ca«h.
Menio i'ii»> — A '•'¦'a "¦•>u3*ry hnm*:. w'.th
»;:«?niHd ffardti in.i KHgaMWst irees; weil
i.uilt. ol<J-:a---.:cr.«*a hou*- in grcod condition;
:».r s-ale at a bargain; 15 acre*, all improved.
I'mir O»k» — l-and in best part of this d>-
UVrii well fholtered and wooded; in tracts <<t
trcm 4 to iii acres; tpeclal terms to those
'....¦.'..'¦; immediately.
BEurr, r.onGErtR & co..
T»!orhnne UaSa ti"3. i;« California st.
CZUCKJZXT P.ASCH FOB SALE.
CHICJtEN ranch for ra!". Inquire I1X> S-.ver
.IV.-*. o.i b;».n Crur.a road.
nooses ran kousexeepxzto-
AUSTIX avr.. Jf2. off Po!» Ft., between Hush
and Pine — Two housekeeping rooms and bath.
CALIFORNIA. 13-M— Sunny front bay-window
rcorn and kitchen; r?ayor.able; no children.
t.I.AV, 14.'K — " or 4 front rooms; gas range;
bath; complete lic«u#ekoep'ng.
EBDT. 7CT> — Well furnished houpekeerinff
io.»m*: or 4 pas r»nK?+; ha'.h and phone.
I:M.1S. S3i — Two furnished Funny front con-
cnectisc houcekecptec room*; ea«, bath,
phone.
Ef.LI? 3029 — Housekeeping room; American
fuzrAU : Sfl. .
rOmTEE.N'TH ave. so-Jtb. 1f4?.. near Rail-
road ave. — Furnished or i:i.'S;rnish€-d house-
keeping room*. |
GEARY, 4S3 — 3 ramjr toomi for housekeep- j
O'lLJinK OA.TK Joe.. 433 — Thre« furnished!
' liouwkP'"! Mil*.- roomy.
<K»LI;KN" GATE ave., €22 — Sunny, furnished
booeCiseepfiDg: rooms. ;
GG*LDE2f GATE ave., 633— One front, light ;
housekeeping hall room; folding bed>$S. ;
OOI.DE.V GATE ave.. lf>29. near Scott — 1 fur-
ntehwi rooT.s complete for housekeeping:
reasonable: trrly 10 to 5.
GUERRERO. 936. bet. Twenty-first and Twen-
ty-second — Furnished ro-ms for housekeep-
ing; no children. j
H.MGUT, 3 — Lars* sunny rront room facing
Market St.: kitclKn and ta* range. !
HAIGHT. 21S — Nicely furnished rooms for i
bncaKlceeptas; BCanjr, yard, nil conveniences.
HA1GIIT, 2-4 — :: faradtfaed housekeeping rooms j
tv!')- bkth; fuitalilo for 2 or .'5 adults.
HOWARD. K2— Two suites housekeeping !
rooms; *!%o elrsle. j
¦ — ~ _~ — — « j
HOWARD. JC"< — Wry large front rooms; ra* :
ft've; houn k^»:iing. ¦
JKSSIE. ZSX^SanOJ room furnished f'»r house-
keeping: Era* range: eirk; f2 70 week. j
JESSIE. r."3 — Punny back room: furnished; j
boaaekeepbv; gas range, fink; J2.
¦ i
KENILWOMTH. cor. Bueh and Powell— Three-
rocm tunny apartments; steam heat;cen. loc '
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine — !
£uni:>-. furnished 3-room euites: steam beat- f
?d •lertric lighted: free baths: rates ri-as. 1
LAFiKIN. S04 — Sunny front rocm for 1 or 2 :
person?. *»S; hack room. $«5.
1.AKKIN. M»*&~~ fMTt*. funny, furnished room !
for light liyusekfiiirg; pas stove; 512 month.
LIBRART bldg-.. Van Ness and Golden Gate
ivf.. — Suites and sunny unfur. rooms; reaa.
M.AULISTCR. 635— Nicely rurnished. euany
rutm: use of kitchen; running water. '.
McALUSTER. 7-. v O— l^uble parlors; folding
t*d: booaekeepitir: $2-">-
McALUSTEH. 732— Sunny front room complete
tor housekeeping: reasonable.
ktcALUSTEB, BOS. cor. Laguna— I^arge fur-
ni^hod room for light housekeeping; running
v. tier.
M. AXJUSTBR. lO.v? — 3 funny fur. rooms for '
hkifr. : gas and coal range; sink: bath; phone. ;
U1NNA. r.lG — Kamifh^d rooms complete for
hcutekeopinj.
NICE liouf-^keerlr.g rooms to let: all locations. ;
Phone Clay 990.
NINETEENTH. ."17.".. Mission warm belt—
Nii-f'X furnished room; housekeeping; gas,
. oath
OAK.. 117. £CS McAllister— Rooms, complete;
ti to '12: cat i«r.;». hot bath; adults.
t'AK. 731 — Lar«e, nji.r.y room for house-
fcwtfng.
OOTAVIA. IMS. cor. Gf-ary— Large eunny bay-
window: light housekeeping.
¦ 4
OTAP.RKLL, 778. nr. Larkin — 2 light, funny,
larpe unfur. housekpg:. rooms; i-easonable.
J'- i( JE. I42*j — .'t or 4 tmfumi!=h r -d housekeeping
rooms; electric licht; eas; bath.
PEARL., o, rrrner Market — 2 furnished house-
keeping roi,ins. $11, fl'i: no children; phone.
J'KARL. 13. «'ff Mn.rket. between Valencia and
— Two tunny connect! n;* housekeep-
ing rooms; gas iar.ee: use of bath and lau:..
: i i )TT. 'I'M — Two sunny, unfurnished, connect-
ing rcoms; bath; cas; phone.
fc'ECONI', 14!>— Rooms for housekeeping; nicely
furnished; convenient to buylne??.
KEfOXIi. 212 — Hous.-ke-<T* n g rooms and others;
no children: r'ajfcr.able.
SIXTH. 143— Rooms /or housekeeping; also
single looms.,
STANYAN*. 1111 — 4 unfurnished rooms; pa?,
bath, pantry: light housekeeping; adults;
priiate; ie£*r frees.
STOCKTOX. "13 — Furnished rooms for house- i
keipine: Jlo i,»r month.
THE v irj:nis. K«)5- Powell— Furnished or un-
fTtrnMiCd hay-window suites; complete for '
_i!ouf"-kr»-nirs; zas rtiif; «l*o single. ;
'it HK. J147 — Infutnishe-i, sunny suites; new I
house; tine view.
__^__^__^^___^ !
TTRK. 1U»— Newly furnished rooms In fine ;
location (aft'-r conclave week).
VAN NESS svo., 421— Sunny, front suite; gas i
ft'jVf: f'Si per m<.Tith.
- I
AFART2ZEZTT BOCSZ3. ;
ST. LOUIS. 1575 Jackscn st. — Modern 3-4-5 '
. rcorr.*: ftm. cr unfur.; refs. Tel. East 1330. !
EOOMS TO LET — rurn. and Pnfnrn. !
A «* voL r £2 cs * s< s - w - c ° r - Eutn an< i!
Howard — Modern epartm-nti". single rooms
ttc. Irom 25c to $1; rates br the week cr
A— BRUNSWICK House, 14S Sixth »t.— Rooms I
2.V to $1 p«T night. $1 25 to $.'. per week and
ilEht liom^k^epir.g room*; cp*-n all night.
AT "The Al-ror.te." *7:j Market St. <or No 1
Filth st.H-Rocr.is. l-5o. Me. fl. $1 50 ni S ht;
51 «*i to J1O week; houte open all night.
AI.DINE. 404 Turk Ft.— Sunny furnished eulte:
$1S per ricmh; $4 Oft per week.
ASH ave.. lr.fj— Furnished front rocm; »6.
liKLMOXD Umire. over Owl druir store S en-
trtr.ces. lira Market and 21 Turk— Electric
i:jr.>: runuirg water In every room- 200 '¦
root;)*; ZZz ;u :»0c per night; $1 25 to $3 week.
URANNAN. 2O4— Rooms zo l*t.
TUTCHAN'AN. 120O— Ronnis to !#t.
lilX-IIANAN. lC28-Neat!y rurnished room;
?i— *>^r rnciith.
PL'PII. Cl 4— Neatly fure>hed rooms.
CCEH. 75C— Rooms to Jet.
— — — ! . j
Bl'SII, 7a;— r.ocai to let.
lJIfll. IC33 — Nicely furnifhed room; sunny-
cath. phone, all conveniences. |
<:MArOP.XlA. TrO-Ucu.eteeplne roo6:s- al«, I
s!n#rle; *'; up. * ""-•'!
« .UCMKXTIXA, tl— Sunny front r<jom. fuT^
55 A CBLT.N <Tfce), 1007 Larkin, ccr. Post —
Sunny, nicely fumizhed rooms; »!nele, V n
f-v.h". housekeeping apartn-.ctts, run'nins '¦
uater, baths; rotes reasonable. >
JXJUGLASS, 22S— Furr.ished rocm to let.
TIjDY. 207— rurn'tbfd rooms.
J;JM>V. 210— Elegant, sunny front room; also
dfliaUc toozr.B.
KSjDT. 4Z2 — Fine furnished room*; modern; all
ccnv^nlerico* ; reasonable; nic<? loc?tJon.
EDDT. C2ft— Room and board.
!::.US. 420— FurnlEheJ room.
LL.L1S. &J7 — Front n'ceve room; a ; so otter
tunny rooms; private Jamll». . l
Ilannipan. Julia Whitney. Abba M.
Iten. Alfred Vviddoneon, John
L,!eil. Clara E.
AL.TMATER— In this city, Ausust 2S. 1904,
,2^Th«Tera Altmaycr, a native of Germany,
It years. A member of the German-
. American Circle. I. C. O. F.
[GTFrlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fi'lly Invited to attend the funeral to-day
• Tuesday), at 2 p. in., from the parlors of
II. F. .Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth, under the aus-
pices of tho German -American Circle, I. C.
0. F. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
HECK— In this city. August 28. 1904. Joel V.,
beloved husband of the late Elizabeth Beck,
and father of Lemuel, John F. and J. V.
Heck Jr.. a native of West Virginia, aged
71 years G months and 27 days. (Tuoluinne
County and Wheeling W. Va., papers please
copy.)
BODKIX— In this city. August 2S, 1904. John
M. Bodkin, beloved son of I.ucy and the late
Thomas Bodkin, a native of San Francisco,
ased 27 years 1 month and 8 days.
ICT'The funersl will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at S:SO a. m.. from his late
residence. 217 Steiner street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 0 a. m. Interment strictly
private. Holy Cross Cemetery. Kindly omit
flowers.
DAT-TON'— In this city Auerust 20, 1004. Eu-
freno Dalton. beloved husband of the late
Margaret Dalton. and father of John and Ed.
ward Dalton, Airs. J. Allen Mrs. J. Saxton
and the late Mrs. J. McKevltt. a native of
New Castle West, County I-imerick. Ireland,
agpd 7S years.
ICFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to atUnd the funeral from the
residence of his grandson. E. J. McXevltt.
— 1% Pine street, to-morrow (Wednesday),
at S:.tO a. ra.. thence to St. Dominic's
Church, where a high mass will .-be eele-
braled for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 a. m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
EXKIGIIT — An anniversary requiem high mass
at St. Joseph'e Church, at 9 o'clock, Tuesday,
August .';:), for the repose of the soul of tha
late Patrick Enricht. Friends are respect-
fully invited to attend.
GARBAR1XO— In this city. August 28, 1004.
Beatrice, dearly beloved daughter of Joseph
J. and Mary Garbarino. and sister of Al-
vlra- Josephine Barbarin'o. a native of San
Francisco, aged 0 years 10 months and
days.
CFrlends-und acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral ta-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 a. m. from her parents'
residence. 1R14 Green street, near Ootavla.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GRAHAM— In Xewark, Cal.. August 29. l»04,
Elizabeth A., beloved wife of J.- William
Graham, mother oC- Donald Graham, and
daughter of James A Trefry. a native of
Centerville, Cal.. aged 22 years and 8
months.
CT Funeral August 31, at 1:30 p.'m., from
hfr late residence. Xewnrk. From' St. James
Church, Centerville, 2:15 p. rn.
GREENWOOD— In this city, August 20. 1004,
Elizabeth C.. beloved wife of the late George
H. Greenwood, and mother of Dr. Edna,
Miss Jessie, George. James, Chester, Earl
and Harlow Greenwood a native of Ames-
bury. Mass.. aged C3 years 0 months and 22
days.
(ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Thursday, September 1. 1004, at 1:30 p. m.,
at Vallejo. Remains will be at her late resi-
dence. 1007 Dolores street, until Wednesday
morning.
GREIF— In this city. August 2S. 1004. Cath-
erine, dearly beloved wife of George M.
Greif, mother of Edna Greif. daughter of
Daniel Whclan and the late Catherine Whe-
land. and sister of Richard I. and Thomas
Whelan and Mrs. A. Sattler, a native of
San Francisco, aged as years and 0 months.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Tuesday), at 11 a. m.. at her late
residence. 878 Broadway. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. .
HAKER— In this city, August 28. 1004, Wil-
I Ham Carl Ludwig Haker. beloved husband
of Emma Haker, and father of Mrs. Ida
Frese. Mrs. Edw. H. Michete, Willie and the
late George F. Haker, a native of Hamburg.
Germany, aged 74 years 3 months and J
days.
(TTTiiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Tuesday), at 3:30 p. m. at the
chapel of the Odd Fellows' Crematory. Pleaue
omit flowers.
HANNIGAN— In this city August 29, 1004,
Julia, sister of Annie and W. N. Hannigan,
a native of Ireland.
Cyinterment private. ,
ITEX— In Mill Valley. August 28 1004, Alfred
Iten, dearly beloved brother of August Iten
and Alois Schwerzman a native of Switzer-
land, aged 39 years 9 months and 29 days.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 3 p. m., from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, '
between Seventh and Eighth. Cremation
1. O. O. F. Cemetery.
LIED — In this city. August 29. 1904 Clara
PJlenora. beloved wife of Olaf Lied chief
engineer on steamship Hero a native of
Aalesund. Norway, aged 31 ' years and 17
days.
LEWIS— In this city. August 20. 1004 Charles
H. Lewis, a native of Wisconsin, ' aged 31
yeara. A member of Wood Wire and Metal
Lathers' Union. Local No. 65. and Golden
Gate Aerie No. Cl. F. O. of E.
ETRemains at the parlors of ilcFadden
McBrearty & Green. 1171 Mission street be-
tween Seven* and Eighth. Notice of funeral
hereafter.
McCLUNG— In this city, August 28. 1004. John
McClunp. husband of Eliza C. McCIun« and :
father of Margaret, Clara and John h' Mc-
Clung. a native of County Tyrone. Ireland
aged 70 year*. (Toronto papers please copy.)
MARSHALL— In this city, August 27, 1004
George D.. beloved husband of the late' Mary
Marshall, loving father of William J. Mar-
shall, and son of the late Mary Loftus, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 33 years and 11
month*. i
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday
August 0U, at 8:45 a. m., from his late resi-
dence, ltX!l Dolores street, thence to St
raul's Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9 a, m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery, by electric funeral car from
Thirtieth street and San Jose avenue.
MILLER— In this city, August 2S 1004. John
Miller, beloved father of John G. Miller and
Mrs. F. Harrington, a native of Ohio, aged
72 years 11 months and li! days.
NKARY— In this city. August 29, 1004, Patrick
beloved husband of Agnes Neary a native
of Dublin, Ireland, aged 72 years.
SCHIAFFIXO — In this city. August 20. 1904.
G. II. SchlafHno, dearly beloved husband of
Maria Schiafllno. and father of Catherine
pud Charles Schiaffino. a native of Comogli.
Italy, aged OS years and 5 months.
SCIIKAUB— la this city. August 28. 1004.
Elizabeth Schraub, a native of Germany, aged
fcij yenra and 7 months.
CC?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 1 p. m., from the residence of
Conrad R!»gelhuth. 44 Julia street, between
Seventh and Eighth, off Minna. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
STANTON— Entered Into rest, in this city.
August 28. 1004. Ellen F.. dearly beloved
wife of Thomas Stanton. loving mother of
Mr3. Helen Barry, Mrs. T. K. Hamilton.
Mrs. F. W. Scheper and Edward T.. John
E. and James A. Mullally. and devoted step-
mother of Thomas J., William E. and the
late Annie Stanton, a native of Ireland,
aged &! years.
0"Tho funeral will take place to-day
(Tuesday), from the family residence. 4074
Twenty-third street, near Castro, thence to
St. James Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her eoul. at 0 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
STRONG— In Oakland. August 20. 1004. Rev.
Jacob H. Strong of 2ti'lS Hillegass avenue.
Berkeley, beloved husband of Fannie L.
Strong, and father of Fred A. and Theodore
P. Strong. Almira F. Watson and May S.
"Coopr r. a native of Connecticut, aged 75
years S months and 3 days.
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect,
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Wednesday), at 1:30 p. m. at
his late home. 2ftV> Hlllega?*' avenue,' Berke-
ley. Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
TUCKER— In Oakland, Cal., August 29, 1904,
Joshua Howland Tucker a native of Dart-
mouth. Mass.. aged 81 years 8 months and
27 days. (Sacramento. Cal.; Virginia City
Ncv.. and New Bedford. Mass., papers please
copy.) "
lirinterment private.,
WHITNEY— In this city. August CO. 1004.
Abba M. Whitney, a native of Maine ag'd
ti.'» yrars. '
ILT Services Wednesday August 31 1904
at 10 a; m.. at First Methodist Church Oak-
land. Interment private. ¦ .
WIDDONSON— In the City ami County Hos-
pital. August 20, 1904. John Widdonson a '
native of Wales, aged 72 years.
F. J. Monahan, Manager. Tel. Mission' 31
MONAHAN, O'HARA&CO.'
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
2XJ0-2341 Mission St.. near Nineteenth. '
____;__ San Francisco.
James McGinn, Henry Hansen. I
JAMES McGINN & CO |
Formerly With McGinn Bros. i
— —Funeral Directors and Embalmers I
214 Eddy st. Tel South 070. I
t^ mm^ mmi 'I !¦! I ¦ ¦! <¦¦!! Ill IM^—— w^j JCURED MKATS — Daccn, He per lb for
heavy, lie for licht m;dlum. 13U C for HcM
14c for extra light and 17c for sugar
cured; dry salt Sides. 10»; C : Bellies, lli-r-
Eastern aiisar - cured Hams. 14c- Cali
fornia Hams. 13c: Mess Beef. $10010 50 per
bbl; extra Mess. Sllfill 50; Family, $12Q1? 50
prime Mess Pork. $14 50; extra clear *"*•
Mess. $18; Dry Salted Pork. 9* t c; Pig Pork"
$26; Pigs' Feet. $.>; Smoked Beef. 14c per lb'
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6^c per lb for
compound and OHc for pure; half -barrels
pure. .Q%c; 10-lb tins. 10i4c; 5-lb tins. 10»ic
3-lb tins. lOHc
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. &%c; thre»
half barrels, 8^4c: on* Uerce. Sijc; two tierces.
8c: five tierces. 7%c per lb.
The Chicago market was firm. This mark't
was dull ami unchanged.
Provisions.
B L Wat 6s. — 1171-i' S P Co 4^3.10024 _
Cal NW 5s.. — 112^ Sun Tel «s. . . — 115
M C Wat 5s.lOO — Do 5s 104 —
Ris I Wks 5a — 103 : Suttr-st R5s.l04 —
SF Drdk 5s — U3WTIR of SF 4s. S4% S4%
SF & NP 5«.110H — !
MISCELLANEOUS BONTJS.
Ala S Co... 28 SO I Lon& SF Blc — TO
1 Ca! Cot Mils SO — | Mat Nav Co. — 90 '
Cal G&ECor. — 50 | Nev Nat Bk. 137*4 —
C Jockey C1.110 1134' N S R R Ca 0^ —
Cal Powder.. — 130 ¦ N P Cal Co. 9*, »%i
Cal Ship Co. — 2S !Oak Bk Sav.l2rt —
Ca! T I & T.115 — I Oak T Con.. 75 —
On Bk. Oak — 63 j IOOF Hall A. . 8 —
Chutes Co .. — 7H Orpheum Co. — 15^
City & C Bk — 120 | PacC Cas Co. 130 —
r>-p L Imp.. — 6 T v Pac Sur Co. 105 —
East Dynm..25f> — | Paraf Paint.. 3S —
DpmPwd pfd 75 SO g f Drydock 60 —
Do com .. — 50 : SF&SJ Ccal. 17>4 2O
FN Bk. Oak. 120 — I S J Wat Co.lfttH —
Fischer Thtr — P5c ! SO & MTsrbt.125 —
Frnch-A Bk.108 111 'Swiss- A Bk..ll5 —
Gas Con A.. — 20H Truck Elect.. 11 —
Hono P Co.. 244 2<» f t-'R inC pfd. 53% —
Do pool .. — 2S ! Do corn ... 144 —
SALES.
Morning ; Session.'
Beard —
121 Union Sugar Co S3 50
Street —
20 Eastern Dynamite Co 300 00
California Stock and OilExchangs
Oil Stocks — Bid. Asked.
Alma 1 PO
: Apollr* 4rt
Associated Trust Cert 1*» 21
California Standard 13 •
Caribou 5 00
Claremont \ *O 00
Esperanza 7S ....
Four 59 60
Hanford 175 00
Independence 3O 31 -
Kern 5 no
Kern River 12 50 ....
Monarch (of Arizona) V) '
Monte Cristo *O ....
! Occidental of W. Va. C5
j Oil City Petroleum R7 :"
Pe»rlera 13 CO '
18. F- <t McKlttrick. 3 tx>
Sterling 2 0O 2 S9
Superior 04 0C>
Thirty-Three 8 23
Twenty-Eight 9 124 WOO
West Shore 1 90
Assd Bds. 63 00 73 CO
Miscellaneous — '
Cal. Jockey C!ub 115 <Y>
Chutes Company 6 75
Fischer's Theater 30 70
Northern Cal. Power 10 00
SALE3.
Mornirxs Session.
Board —
1277 Independence 30 -
50ft Independence 31
•JX» Vigorit Powder 4 Of)
Street —
SCO Nor. Cal. Power 9 50
Afternoon Session.
Board—
5ft Maka well M 75
2 Hanford l'l W>
5o Honolulu 28 00
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHAXOE.
Following were the sales on the Saa Fraa
clsco Stock and Exchange Beard yesterday:
Morning Session.
2<Xl Alpha IS" 100 Savax» 23.
30tt Caledonia . S0O Seg Belcher... 12
lOO Chollar 17 2<iO Sierra N»v.... 3S
500 Con Imperial. 02| 300 Union Con.... 33
10O Savage 22; 200 Utah OS
Afternoon Session.
100 Belcher 23' 100 Ophlr ...- 2 50
SCO Best & Belch. 1 25 • 500 Overman 4.... 23
200 Caledonia ... «5 C00 Savage 23
A O Con Cal & V.I 13i 10O Sierra N«r.... 3TI
500 Con NT.... 01 ! 300 Union Con. ... 40
400 Gould * Cur. 23|
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following wt*i tne sales en tho FadSc
Stock Exchang* yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Alpha ... 17' ICO Potosl 19
20O Andes 2Oj ion ?ava?» 21
100 Best & Belch.l fi.'., lOO Seg Belcher... 12
100 Caledonia 64 3rw> Seg B«lch«r... li
3f;0 Caledcnia, «.*>' SCO Sierra Nev... . 34
100 Ophir 2 50, 100 Union Con.... 40
Afternoon Session.
200 Caledonia 85^ 100 Ophlr 2 50
150 Con C & V.I 174! 200 Savage 21
1COO Con Imperial. 021 ICO SleiTa. Ner.... 34
100 Gould & Cur. 251
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Saa Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
1500 Brunswick .. 18] 30O Mont Too... 2 30
5ito Columbia 21 i 200 Mont Ton... 2 274
•¦•00 Goldfleld Min 85' COO Mont Ton ...2 25
2C0 Goldfleld Min 84*3250 Red Top IS
1000 Goldfleld Ton. Ill 14.500 Re«cu« .... 10
SCO Goldfleld Ton. 12I200O Gold Mt Coa. i«
SCO Hazel Kirk.. 12j 1 00 Gold Mt Con. 13
Afternoon Session.
15f*> Brunswick .. 19! 500 Ton Midway.. 41
20O MaeNamara. . 411 10O Ton Midway.. 4.
100O Ray & O'Brien 0*>t \2r<ft Ton Midway.. :i"»
35CO Red Top . -IS 453 Ton Midway.. 37
1000 Rescue . ¦ 1>>
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY, Aug. 23— 3 p. rn.
Bid. Ask-! Bid. Ask.
Alpha. ..'. W 17|Justice 11 14
Alia 12 14 Kentuck 01 02
\ndes 13 20 K. Graessler. . — 73
P.elcher 23 2»!Lady Wash ..04 OH
Best & Belch.l 20 1 2-V Mexican 90 92
Bullion 30 32 Occidental .... 75 —
Caledonia 64 63' Ophir 2 50 2 35
Challenge ... 21 "Z\> Overman 21 2-^
Chollar 1« 18 Potost IS 1!»
Confidence <53 70 Scorpion OS ft*
Con Cal & V.I 15 1 20?Savag« 21 2^
Con Imperial. 01 021 Seg Belcher... 11 12
Con N Y 02 an? sierra Nev S3 34
Crown Point.. 17 IM Silver Hill 53 35
E Sierra Ncv 03 0*5' St. Louis .... 1» --
Eureka Con.. — 60' Syndicate .... 02 —
Exchequer... 72 73 I'nion Cen .T» 4<>
Could * Cur. 24 25: Utah 07 «n
Hale & Norc. «> «.">• Yellow Jacket. 20 21
Julia ..., V0 10
TONOPAH MINES.
BtdJUfc.] Bid.Ask.
Adams OS 09! Pine Grove . . 25 —
Colehan — »?"•' Qutncy 11
Columbia ... 19 20 Ray Exten .. — 09
Esperanza ... 01 — j Kay & O* Brien 06 07
Eula Con — SJV Ray Ton . — lf»
Gold Anchor. 22 27; Red Top 1* 19
Goldfield B*B — 171 Re-cue 10 —
Goldfleld Mln SO Si'Ton B»lrr.«nt.. «> 62
Goldfleld Mhk 2f» — ' Ton * Ca! . . 15 —
Ooldfield Ton. 11 —'Ton Exten.. 1 15 1 17'j
Gold Mt Con. 01 021 Ton Fraction.. 25 —
Hazel Kirk .. It is! Ton & Gt W. 02 —
Jim Butler .. !"•'> *O' Ton Gold Mt- 17 1*
Little Ton .. Si.) 5*VTon Midway.. 37 33
Lucky Tom.. 04 — ¦ Ton of Nev. 7 S74 8 Oft
MaeNamara . 40 41? Ton N Star... 28 31
Mont Ten.. 2 224 2 KOI Ton & S Lake 50 —
N T Ton ... 03 04f United Ton .. — 00
Paymaster .. — 03 i West End.... — 13
Honey is quoted firm, but dealers say that
the growers are holding so high thnt business is
checked. Quotations remain unchanged.
FRUITS— New crop— Apricots, ift&ll&c for
Royals and 0® 12c ff>r Moorparks: Nectarines.
5»4@7c; Peaches. Cft^c per lb: Pears ti'glOc;
Plums pitted C^e^c for black 7«^©«!i,c for
red and "tfSVje for yellow; Figs. 2lcrown
bricks SSVic: 3-crown. 55c: 4-crown. C5e; 6
crown. 75c; bulk white, :P 4 <jr3Vic; black 4c.
Evaporated 'Apples. «3 1 if?7«*c per lb.
PRUNES— I*ift2c per lh for the four sizes
RAISINS^-Association f. o. b. prices Fresno
(subject to change without notice) are as fol
lows: 50-!b boxes— Loose Muscatels, 3-crown.
3c; -.'-crown, 2tf,c: Malaga, loose. 3-crows.
•J*ic: 2-crown. 2Uc: seedless Sultanas. 3-'
»eedless Muscatels. 2«ic; Sesded Raisins IG-oi
cartons fancy. 4%c; choice, -ic: 12-oz cartona.
fancy. S%c; choice. "V4c per lb.
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. I.tu<si4 c -
No 2, U\<i&l-c: No. 1 hardshell 13013 We:
No. 2. 11^11 Almonds. IG^Kc for new
Nonpareil-. 14@14Hc for r X L. lHfjHc for
Ne Plus Ultra and lie for Languedfw Pea
nuM, e@7c for Eastern: Pecans. llQiac; Co
coanuts $4 r.O@5.
HONEY — Comb. ll*~@13c for white and 10©
lie for amber; water white extracted, 5»it#
6i4c; light amber extracted. 5@-6c; dark 39
4Uc.
BEESWAX— 27$29c p«r lb.
Dried Fruits.Nttfs, Raisins, Hone\.
CHICAGO, Aug. 29. — Cash quotation* were
as follows: Flour, quiet: No. 2 upring wheat
*l lOei 14: No. 3, $1 02^1 10; No " red'
$1 07»i©l 00%; No. 2 corn. JWc; No. 2 yellow'
M'/ic; No. 2 oats, 31»i©31"i.c: No. 2 white'
S3i2@34c: No. 3 white, 33634c; No. 2 rye'
71«ic; bailey, fair to choice malting, 45eS2c'
No. 1 flaxseed. $1 IS; No.l Northwtstern, $1 25
prime timothy need. $2 00; races pork, per bar
rel. $11 37>^011 50; lard. per 100 pound*.
t0 05@6 97^4; short clear nides (loose; $7 25©
7 37^i: short clear sides (boxed). $S 2ESJ* 50^
•whisky, basis of high wines. $1 2S; clover, con
tract grade, $12 00. •
Articles — Receipts. S v •'nnriita
Flour, barrels 16,300 16.7CO
Wheat, bushels 217,000 iS.500
Cern. bushels 377,300 r.54 ;v>o
Oats, bushels 407,500 l:»2.20O
Rye. bushels 6.000 21. OO
Barley, bushels 65,600 SOO
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
CHICAGO, Aug. 29.— On the Produce' Ex-
Cash Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO. Aus. 20. -Private reports indi
cating the smallest crop in a d«cad» gave im
petus to a strons upward movement in wheat
r-rites r.rrf to-<lay. At the clcs- December
w,,» at ni «=vpn -jr above Baturday'a final
ngurtr. CSorn showed a tain of 3c <">ats were
u;- Uc an'J provisions from 12*^0 to 15c
H^avv world's shipment* resulting in lower
price* in foreign train markets caused weak
ness J n wheat rwre at the opening- Initial
quotations on i>crr.ber were down "-j,'c to T »<
at SI io^ t<j SI 07. For tho first half hour the
rr.nrKit was very erratic. pric-:s fiuctuat'ne
nervously As s.jon as the rush of selling wa<=
spirit, however, the domestic situation again
came into srcmloence. As U ai.parently
showed no Improvement, many traders, ignurinc
the lj;ge Hhipmenta to Europe from other
countries, became active buveis of the de
ferred futures. As a result the market sud
denly tujr.e.J strong. A report of a local crop
statist <-ian stating that the combined condition
of spring and uinier wheat la not abov* 70
the iowesl figure ever reported, was larg'lv
instrurvw-n'a! in bringing about the active de
mand. On the basis of official acreage the
total crop according to this authority will fa-
Mule, if af.y. above 5tj0.fXi0.00rt buahsla The
rvport further states that complete th.-eshinsr
returns from the Ohio and Mississippi val
leys have fallen considerably short cf the ex
pectation-, entertained at th<-; time the crop
was cut. In line with this report wer" the
figures of a Minneapolis expert placing the total
crop or Milling wheat at 490,000,000 bushes
Much 5ir.a!!»r receipt* in th? Southwtst \ver-->
an additional Influence that spun-efi on the
buv«rs. The market continaed to sain in
fiupr.eth. .losin- strong with December at
$1 <ir>a.. i:ciit«>mr.:r sold between $1 {.".\, nnd
fl 07 3 i biiO cloned at a cain or l^c at 51 fi7»i
The corn market was strong thrOu» u .out the
entire session, in ppito cf lower cables De
cember poened unchanged to > 4 c hish^ri at
50T*c to 51 ! »i\ sold between 50^c and l&l&c
and closed m SiKo. September closed at ,*i2"" 4 c
In sympathy with corn. th<- nut market was
firm. December or'neu uncliar."td to ';<»
lower, at :^c to 33'«c. sold up to a3»ic and
closed at -TJ'^c.
Provisions were easier earlier in {he day
but buyin? by local tr3(irrs caused Hrmries?
r'*ult:ng in fair advar.ce.-s in al! tiroducts V
n!-->derate foreign demand fnr lard, higher pricrs
fcr boss and strength of grain? helped provision
price*. Trailins was more prtive. owin^ to
jjrespects pf :i settlement of the strike At* the
close October pork was up 12'.ic: lard and
rihs were oath 15c higher.
Tlie leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles. Open. High. Low Clo«e
Wheat No. 2— . '
Sept.. old -.1 «'7 T ; 1 rm.% 1 OTU 1 oor,;
Sept.. new .. 1 0.V3 1 07-% 1 rr,i, j u-cZ
December ... 1 07 1 031.; 1 o,ji_ j f3 i*
May 1 00!i 111% 1 (jS' s 111*
Corn Xo. 2,— *
September .. 525, TO niTi r,«.-^
December ... M'* .VJi; 50^ 51 f?
May 49U DO'i 4S"<4 . 50 '*
Oat* No. 2—
Scvtember .. 32 "2*% ::\-^ 33
December ... •"•'! 1 i iU'i*, r[:!. .'tTii
May 33% ati', B CS«i ai.
Men Pork. :»cr barrel —
September -.11 20 11 40 11 171; 11 4r.
October 11 SO 11 4Sij, 11 27i£ 11 471;.
January 2 40 1U 0j 12 .'JO 12 C'v
Lard, per 100 wounds —
Sfpteir.her .. « Vj'i li fi7'.'. <; R2'i r, r)7«;
Octiber 0 fiO 7 07V, 6 00 " 7 07U
January 0 )>7> 2 7 C7' 3 « 0714 7 07U
Short Ribs, ncr l<0 poundp —
September .. 7 22>.(, 7 -.11^ 7 22Vi 7 37U
October 7 32^ 7 47«t, 7 32'i 7 47*!
January « 62',^ . 6 65 6 52 V3 6 Go
Future Grain and Provisions.
I Chicago Board of Trade.
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Bid. Ask.!v- Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC 6s. — 93 IS P C R 4s. — 100
Unlisted Securities.
Board —
.05 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 56 75
Ml Spring Valley Water Co 38 25
$l,00t> Market-st Ry 1st con 03 IIS 0t>
$1,000 Oakland Transit 5 per cent 110 75
Street —
15 Alaska Packers'. Association. . .123 00
50 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 5t$ 73
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask.'- Bid. Ask.
4s ir coup.. 107 107-% ; U qr cp new. 131*4 132 '^
4s qr T'g. ..107 107% 1 3a qr coup. ..Hj5» 4 1C51»
, MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. ~ — jCak T Co »;s.llS*ill9
Aisc Oil r»s. 70 70U; Do 5s .....110'
Bay CPC 5s.lt*l"4 — ! Do con 5s. — "ltia
C?! C O Os.lO"_ If2'2; Oceanic S ."s. — 73
<'ni G & E s !Om Cable »>s.l22 —
•n & rt 5r. S4 S5 I Pac G Im 4s. »3Vi —
Tal-s: C 5s.ll2>i — IP E R y 5b. .104%105ii
C C Wa* r.«. — — ! P & C H 68.1O.; —
EuL & P «;s.l22 — ! P & O R 6s.ll! —
K *- C H Cs.115 — !Powell-st Bs. — 114
<-tary-st ."«.. — So ! Sac EG*R5s. WUlOO
II C&S u>-s. — — |SF & SJVSs.118 ; —
Do 03 lfiO'ilOl 1 Sierra R 6s..l00ii —
Hon R T B«.106%107 j S P of A 6s
L A Elec 5s. — — j tl909> IO714 —
L A Ry 5s.. 116 — j «1910> lCS'-a —
L A L Co Cs — — ! S P of C 6s
Do gtd fis. — — .' flOCStSr A.KVIJ^ —
Do gtd 5s. — 103>i! (19t^i)Sr B.KM'Li —
LAP lem 53.1^2 — 1 (130«) 10«i; —
Mkt-st C fis.114 — I 11912) USHinii
Do lorn "»s. — — ISPC 1 eg 3s. 115*4 —
MV* MtT5s.l<vj _ ! Do *tampd.lO9»j —
NRR of C«s.K>fi — |S P B R 6a.l33 —
Do 5? IIS — !S V Wat 6a. — 107J4
N P C R 5s. — lCS'-AI Do 4s 2dm.lOA 100?^
N C Ry 5s.. — 112 ! Do 4s ."Jrtm. 93 — '
N C P C .is. — lOi^v ' Do g mtirls 9«»j —
N S R R 5*. — 103 jStkn G*Efis. 8CI —
O G IJtH 5s — il'T^i'U G & E 5S.1C5 ' —
O W gtd 5s. — 10O !
# WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 37 40 iTcri Costa... — —
Marin Co... — CO 1 S V Wat Co. SS^i 35^
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L &P- *% SX4IS F G & E. 6Ui 62
Mutual E L. 12 12Vj!Stkn G & E. — 5^i
Pac L Co... 57'i — I U C- & E Co. — —
INSURANCE.
Kir?ro's Fnd.SCO -r- |
.- BANK STOCKS.
An. Ntl Bk.. — 135 t I. P & A — 155
ATlo-Cal .. Srt»i — 1 Mir Trust 2I2'i —
lank of Ca 1 . 420 -t'.V> i Mtrci: Ix 5O 56U
Cal Safe Di>. — 150 Is F Natit.-?!. — —
First Natior.l — — 1
SAVINGS BANKS.
G.r S< A !.:2M> 2350 ! Sav .< L Jo.. — 100
Hum S .•> L — — I Sc~ S-av P.f. .3SO 400
Mutual Sa»-.l"2t-i — • Un'.in TCt.. — —
S F fav K.'ilTH — 1 '
j STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — 200 j Presidio — 41
Geary — 25 !
POWDER. »
Giant 60-% ru-ilvigorit — 5
SUGAR.
Hawaiian C- S'S^h 87 I Makawell C 2«»i -l
Honokaa B C 14^ 14 \~ Onomea S C. — 30
Hutch S P C— — Paauhau S C. 14«i 15
Kilauea S C. — Sli
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A.122»il23»3!Oceanlc S Co. — 4
Cal F C A. 07 ns JPac Aux FA. 4^ —
ral Wine A. Si> SI | Pac C Borx.156 —
MVi MlTm. »C — ! Pac S Tel Co.lOO 103
SALES.
Mornir.tj Session.
Board —
5 Alaska Packers* Assn. caj>h 123 00
20 California Wine Association... SO 00
50 Hutchinson S P Co..' f» 871^
10O Paauhau S P Co 14 75'
Jl.COO Oakland Gas Light 5 per cent.. 107 5O
Afternoon Session.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY. Aug. 2^-2 p. m.
Yesterday was an off day on the Stock
ami ij'ii 1 FI\< 'Tar?*-, th^re beinK no. business
"-¦-rth talkins al<v>ut. and quotations stand
ins about as before. The oil and mining
stocks were also listless and devoid ci ia
terest.
The Sav.is» Minins Company has levied an
assessment of 10c per share.
Ex-dividend yesterday: Pacific Coast Borax
Company, regular monthly, $1 per share,
amounting to #1!«. <**¦».
The Amalgamated Copper Company, a reg
ular quarterly dividend of T 2 per cent.
Thirty-Thrc Oi! Company has declared a
regular monthly dividend of 10c per share,
amounting to $10.<vx>. payable September <5.
Imperial Oil Company, a regular monthly
of 2'X- per share, amounting to $20,000. paya
ble September tj.
The Week Opens With Very
Quiet Markets All Around.
STOCK MAEKET.
NEW YORK. Aug. 29. -Th* visltile supply
of grain Saturday, August 27. as compiled
by the New York Pr.-Hiuce Exchange, is as
follows: Wh»at lt.SSS.000 bushels, decrease
C35.(if.O bushfls: corn 3.099.000 bushels dp
rr»?ase 74*.f>(i't bushels; cats fi.2;SO.nOO buihels
increas<- 219,000 bushels; ry« l.f»>4 00rt hush
fl?. incnasf 101,000; barley bushels 1n
creasv :;5.<«i0.
Visible Grain Supply
CITRUS FRUITS — Oranges. Jl 5OS2 75 per
box for Valencias; Lemons, $2 25'32 75 for
fancy. Jl -5©! 75 far choice and $l<gl "5 for
standard; Grare Fruit, *2'S.';: Mexican Lim**.
$4 5C»(T> i>^r case; Bananas, $1 \LTifi'J per
bunch" for Central American and 75ci?-?l 23 fcr
Hawaiian; Pineapples. $2?i 4 per dozen.
GRAPES — Small boxes and crates: Seed
less, Sb$i3c: Tokay, b5f?9Cc; Muscat. BC©75c;
Isabella. OOcOl 25; Black. :;<vg.-«c; Sweet
water. 25tf4Oc. Large op?n boxes: Black,
00$83c: Tokay, $ltil 25: Muscat, $1; Swtet
water. 7SQ93OJ seedless. ?S5 / 5-75c.
APPLES? — *1 lUf/1 .*)O per box for fancy. 83c
?i$l for choice and . r >0'97r>: f~r common: Crab
Apples. 60S75c (or small boxes and $1 25'gl 4U
for large.
PEAR:v- Bartlfts. SlQl 2Z> per box fo r No.
1. and 50^750 f.,r No. 2: Winter Neltta, $1^
1 25; cooking varieties. 4C"57rif ps-r box.
PEACHES — t-mall boxta, ::.".g75«-; carriers.
35*7 7(>c: open boxes, $1.
PLUMS AND PRUNES— 50fi75c p*r crate
an.1 ito^SCc per small box; open boxes. TScfiSI.
NECTARINES— 75cg$l per box.
yVIXCES— 4C@f.V per bos.
FIGS — Black. TtCQlor for small and fcr
large box's. White. 2505Gc pw box.
MELONS — Cantaloupes. 7.V^J1 2."> per crate:
Nutmeg Melcjis. 25*t-40c per b<ix: Watermelons.
$2 50«T:» p»-r doz«n for extra large and $1
for ordinary.
KASPBERR1ES— f5©8 1 -?r chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 0«10c r^ r lb
A steady demand wp.s noted for all de
scriptions of small orchard iruits, anii a ma
jority of the trade reported the market un
usually active fcr Monday. All kinds of Pears
did better and there was continued firmness
in Apples, with occasional sal*? reported at a
slight premium. Peaches continued to arrive
freely from Oregon, but prices of top quality
offerings were well maintained. RiM-eipts of
carriers from donwstlc points included much
poor and small frutt and :>rlces had a wider
range in conseuneiue. The canners wer» look
ing for sullies and w^re offering S-'f^fiO for
Clincstone Heacbes. $'2~>'« 15 for Freestones and
'JL-aSO per ton. for BarUett Pears. Wry -little
business was re:>ortfd for canning account,
however, as the receipts of fruit In bulk wcr»
light wnd wore well cared for hy the regular
trade. WaterrnelOQI and Cantal-jui.es w*re in
good request and firm, but Nutmeg MM0113
were easier, as offerircs were chiefly of poor
quality. Gratis v.ere reneralty weaker, hs
stocks w^re lar?e; and thi»r*> was very litti»>
doing in shirring channels.. Herries were
plentiful and only Huckleberries were firm, al!
other kinds belnt lower. Pin*aripl«-s and
Urapp Fruit wfr« firmly held at highf-r rates.
STRAWBERRIES— $-.'•>? 4 per ch-?st f-r large
varieties and $.'!'85 for small Perries.
BLACKBERRIES— $1 30fj:: rer ch'st.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
i?pelt«r v.-as also higher in New York with
sj.ot quoted at $M5 10. London was un
char.sed at £22 15s.
In>n cloMd at 51s s<j in Glasgow and at
43s 1 L.d in Middiesboro. Locally iron was
urichan-ecj.
Lead w«s lirmer in the local market, closinsr
at fi 20'a4 :i<». in London prices were un
if.ar.eed at £11 15s.
NEW YORK. Aug. 2«.— Tin was a little
lower, the decline being considered in the
nature of a reaction following the recent ad
vance, in L-ndon closed at £122 12s 6d
and futures at £Vj:i 2s 6d; while the local
market is quiet at $27 50^27 7^.
Copper was a «hade lower in London wheVe
it closed at £T>7 T'S for both spot and futures
Locally the market is steady, with lake- and
e ! , e . c lf-"i y: J o . at * 12 5< -'^ 1 - 'Z and casting at
? I— _.>i/j2 50.
New York Metal Market.
BUTTER— Creamery at first hands 25§20c
for extras and 22®24c for firsts; dairy 19£?
22c: store Butter, lSQISc; Eastern creamery,
19Mje20c; Eastern ladle- packed. W§MUc per
pound.
CHEESE — 9*?10c for choice mild new and
SgSUc for lower grades: Young Americas, 110
ll»4c: Orecon. Stifle: Eastern, lt>015c per lb.
EGC.S — Ranch. 32^«J3:Jc for larg^ white se
lected, .'!l€.'i2c for choice and 27 l 3 '5;(0e for com
mon; cold storage, 27628c; store. 2;>527c;
Eastern. 25®2«o for firsts, 21sfc(22 1 ; c fur swona»
and 20<Q21c tor bakers.'
Quotations for Esgs are still improving, the
medium and lower grades being generally
higher yesterday. There were a few ?r.les of
fine ranch over the top quotation, but they
were not of a sufficiently pronounced char
acter to justify an advance. The market is
poifitinK upward very stroniely, however.
Receipts were S1.4C0 lbs Cutter, 000 cases
Kegs and (SCO lbs Cheese.
Butter was firm yesterday, -with the finer
erades in lisht sunuly and well cleaned up.
Prices were no hisher. but dealers eot full
figures for everything and were disposed to
force quotations ud as far as they could. The
tendency is toward still better prices.
The Cheese market is still overstocked and
weak.
Butler, C hcesc and Eggs.
Fruit and V/hcat Bulletin.
120th tr^-:d:s.g tirr.e.- g a5 rrar.eisco. August 2J:
SI S O no -
«¦'£ ?= S3 £
= ==3-2. 2 » S
STATIONS. - HgiS ~S |a §
5 3 S 3 & 3 :
r ¦ C c c ; 1 •
2 2; '. •
C^veri*^ SI M .. C^aT
?, g~ *
H^-:;:;::::::.-;i « f™ %* :«
I±: r -£ter & 43 -w Clear
Iceepead^noe .:..... So 64 SE Clear I60
fif* 44 N Oloudy ...
Ln«spiore S2 4« .. Clear ...
Los A&gele* sa «0 W Clear 66
-.Tarred, 02 64 .. clear
• • 79 U S Oar '.'.'.
New-iaa »4 r* .. Clear
Pfc-ensc- 90 57 Clear
Porten-iiU 97 57 N C'ear
P.M EluT SS t« SE O.ear '60
River*ide 9S .%5 .. ciea
!-&cra=»=to S2 C6 S Oear ' <-,
*" ia yo TS Ta w Clear !(».
t-a-n Frarcis-o 62 f.2 W c; e ar 00
Fsn Jcsa 77 47 .. Oar
t^s.n Lu:s ObJspo S2 46 N Cle-ar .00
Sa.rta iSar:a 75 4* .. Clear
Rot* gl 4S .. Clear
ftocktea 6« .. Clear
XVillows 85 53 .. Clear '. . .
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
Co!usa — Prune picking ccrrsieaced. Bcacs ia
£se c^iiUcn;. large crc^.
Sctcktos^Good crcp tcraatoes ar.d ch'.li pep-
HoIliFter — AJrr.onds dcirg well ; large crop.
Riverside — Citrus trees fceins tprayed fcr
bracK ec&:e.
5Aata Mara- Beets show excellent yi»M and
ten a high sugar percentage.
". Livermore — Sorae mildew ca grape* as re
„ s-j!t cf rain.
Ne»-niaa— Confiitiea the eajr.e.
fan J-^*— OeneraJ rrur.e crop «rfl] average
«• ttifli h»avj.-r than last vear
Palermo— White Adriatic figs b»:ng cured
ar.-! packed; quality good.
Har.roni— Farmer? busy picki-g graphs;
prtawi r;pT.rr.g fast.
Nar-a— Prurses drjitg s lowly, Jarge size
rr>»-cium yield.
Wovrcs. 1 .* — Tomato crcp fc*avy and of good
QU*Jity.
M*rc='i — : ?*'«»t pcrat? crr>p fin*. FVu't. ex
cert r^arhw. pleiloru. ~ "
Wiiio»-* — All crops ia giy>d <-r>-i5;ti on .
A- G. Mr A DIE.
District Forecaster.
EASTERN 3IARKETS.
M- , . .,
New York Money Market.
NHW YORK. Aug. 23.— C1--M—^Mcr.fy on
call. *8f>, %tll V*T ceut; closing bid ; g . of
r«refl i p«r c^nt. Time loan* slightly firmer.
BlxtSf days. 2 per «nt; cinetj- days, 2\±; six
Prln-.e m* rcatti \e paper. 3 l jg4 per cent.
.Sterling €schasj.<" weak. Tilth actual tu?inpss
:r. fcir.krrs' bOla MX S4 S7iT>?;4>7.V» tor deaiar.d
a.r.c at $4 *>47'j^4.«4S0 fcr ?ixty dais.
Posted rate*. $4 BS*i#4
Commercsal b;:;*. $1 84S.
Ear eiiver. 57^0.
Mexican dollars. 45tic.
Ecrcs: — GovercEients, steady; railroads, firm.
Nczv York Stock Market.
>TEW YORK. Aug. 20— Larsfly. it is be-
Itevad. a* m. result cf ren»-vrcd manuipulated
rrovemect, to-day's clock m«trk<t recovt-red to
£n extent from th-e irregaiar tor.e manifested
:r, ti-.c clos;:s£ days of last w«-ek. and the
tread of r.ricca was urward, a r.urnber of the
more active :s>sues rr.aiiins Dew hith record*
fcr the year. Trading at t:rr.es was activ*.
though moderate la volume, but the movement
'rr.brajced a. number of mlfccell&neous issues.
Ti^-Te Ti«?re fei»- cver-Sur.day <Je\ f-lorments to
fc'.cocct for the improved tone of the list. Much
at the day's news was calculated, if anything.
to further depress prices. Sorr.e of the leading
raiJ-vcy lints chewed disappointing annual
t'zxivner.ts.
As an offset to thib. officials cf the granger
'*ufu£* rej.'Crted a h;chjv favorable outlook as
a resrjlt of the large crops, i-omr comniiysion
booaaa reocrted a-eli^ht incresre of busin-ss.
Lcnacn vai nut s. factor, thcush Americans
were :xrm. The day's movement began with
tra^.ioEEl ruins in most of the active stocks',
on UOjtng believed to be for a sroup of West
ern '~ Fr«culators. Gossip en the exchange
crtoitfcd Tb:» group with «xteni>2v« purcnase«
of United States Steel crcferred on retortg of
irr:rrov*-<! renditions in the lake ore trade, but
obaermn wm inclined to regard the advance
j-s cnotiiKT drive txairmt il.e shorts. Afu?r
km hesvaticn. in which traders scorned to be
testing tte hst for a fhort sz>. a mere definite
buying s.o\ercer:t tzi in. Broker* urho were
fSmalatZt in left week's '/jrchases cf the
rr.ir.or VanflcrbUt ieeres took fairly larg.»
bioefcs cf N<w York Central. After midday
the tcse cf th* r^aritct Ixcame «o:newhct
h»»vy. w;rh a Kar'.ti rt^ucUcrj of operations.
Th^ iiet showed «r»r.<?ra.t r^tcssior.s, and sorr.e
«sr;y ctfn?. Including that of United States
bl«! rrfferrei. irtra cancelled, but the tone
at the close w*« Srai.
¦JT.erp were no charges in Government t<r.di=.
•n>i rai!ro*d l>or.;5s T4ere firm. Total eales tar
value. $3,030,000
NEW YOItK STOCK LIST.
*tocfc»— Saies. llizh. l^.vc. C.oft
AtcK!*or. 21.t»-<0 SH, m;-
Atcfci«32. ?ra :?.<«>• 5*1. s^s- i^i*
B*:t & Ohio 1S.7W h7' 4 se2 h( ;-I
TUCt ic Ohio rfd ic-.i
CaraSian I'sciac... 2.S<«( 127*; 1ST yz'.'Z
1 • r.t.-al c,i N" J liUu ICj 1F.% 1<;7:4
Che*sp t Ohio 5.200 S»;i :;s:± sg?
*¦ hi &: A!tca 300 42 411- 41 i
<rd fc Alton pfd... 200 *>S SS M
CtJ tt. G H'CfUn.. 2.600 lS'i lii^ liu I
CM & Nr.rthwestra l.SO 1 / 1S».i- 4 1*7 ls^i,
.".-.; l!!l A; Bt l'aul. 33,000 10J\i VUK J5i*j
CM Mil & St P pfd 1J.0
Chi "crra & Trar.*. 2uO 7 7 «;vi
Chi Tenr. & T pfd. 500 !C 15U n\.
CdCAftLsait.- 400 7»"i 79' 4 7»:,
Colo Boottera S.'.tO 1 * '••'» 15U JC»-
ColO Kouth i#t pfJ. 2^00 ~I»i» ¦«»>- r.lli
Cclo South 2d pfd. l.iud 22% 22?4 22
L»c! 4: Hudson a..VjO 105 3&JV3 IM%
I/e! !j«ck S- We*t.. *"0 C75 27:. 274^
Deliver & n G ... J.2W 23' j V~, '±V-%
!»r.v«r& KG pfd. 1.4O0 7C% 7<; 76-,
Krit 12.100 27'- 4 27 27«i
Erie Itt pfd *J30» C4% ti:^ mr^
Krif 2d pfd 1.1OJ 4O", 3a>i 40
Hocking Va!l#y ... .""..ScO «?»» ff) s{:^
Hr.cJ.ins V«J pfd... J.r>00 S7 K5 }>6
DltsoU Centra] ... 3 2Oi 138*4 l.'^J 138
Io^a Centra! 700 21 * 4 21 » 3 21 »i
lo»a Centra] prd.. SCO 42 i> 41% 42 ' 4
X C Southern 23 ! s
K C Boothen pfd.. l.wfl *'•% 44 "^ 4*^ 4
I^uiii & Na«h 3,000 122' /4 121 1, in*;
Manhattaa L 1.20O 15tt 155 l.V.^i
Mctrcpotilan 5eco.. 1O.S00 Hl*» JK> SW>
Metropolitan St Ry T.bOO 122^ 121^ 12!^
Minn & £t Locis B4
M St V & Sit EteM 700 72 H "2*i 72 '
M StP&SKSteM ft d .'. 12»
MJsnarl J'anac ... 2X!»oo :>s 9*^4 O7'i
Mo Kan & Texa*.. 7.r.00 SZ'i. 22-14 -^
Mo Kan i Tex pM. 2.000 «9'i 40 49';
s r p. of Mn f :« n<;«i
N Y CertraJ «,COi> 124^ IT* • IZJ'i
•Corfolk fc \T«tern. C.OOO Cs^ <7«» OS
Norfolk A T V" pfd »O
Ontario & Western. 3.400 31 T» 31 14 31% I
PecaO'lvasU. .. .. M,2W 126 »* J2i 1-5 ;i 1
l"itts c C & St L 67
Residing S3.30O t>»>^ 53'.» *»H
Reading 1st pfd sftO RH M» 4 k5
Reading 2d r f d 700 75V, 74'- 75
R'xk Uland Co ... 27.400 25* s 25^, 25'»
Rock Island Co pfd. 2.1"0 tiS^s US ty?S
St L & S K "-i pid. 7<n> 5 r >"< r^», 59 Mi
Bt L'uis 6 \V 2.400 21" v -'2 21%
Louis S W pfd 44 " 4
Southern Pacific .. 32,2iX» 57 T » 57 57V4
Southern Railway.. 16.iK"t 2*.i ; s 2*» 4 US" S
Southern Ry pfd... 1.200 S*."> 04-" 1 , 95
Texas & Pacific ... IS.700 ::2*» '^'^ ."52
I Tl! .^t L & West.. 13,f>00 3t\ 2S'i 25»i»
i Tel tft L & W pfd 1.70O 4n 44 47- s
I Union Patif.c 39.100 101 100', 100^,
Union Pacific pfd.. 0T<0 J'5 1 - 95^ t S5>,
! Wabash L400 l»v 3 V.t\ 19H
; Wabash pfd ... 3.500 38*4 ."SS 39
! W <t Lake Erie ... 1,200 174 I«H 17i 4
I \\ itcor.sin Central.. l.OtK) l'.» lft% 18%
Wiscor.s-.n Cea pfd 42 1 * 41 ' t 42
Mexican Central .. 3.500 12 x i li: 12
I c Express Companies.
! A«ams 225
i American 100 214'-. 214ij 21"
United States 2W 12l ; 2 .21»j \2>) .
j Wells Fargo 230
Miscellaneous.
Amal Copper 33.500 5SU 57 : * 5T'«
Am Car & Fo 1&**
Am Car & Fo pfd 5W 7S.* t 7fca 4 7S»j
Am Cotton Oil 200 32 1 - 32V» XJH
Am Cotton O:I pfd .'. .... 91
1 American Ice 2f) 6*s «H <:<H
i American Ice pfd. ."fio 2H 2*5 2H' t
! Am Linseed Oil ... 700 15 Hi, I4ij
Arr. Linsee.i OH pfd 34
Am Locomotive ... 300 2v»4 2<>', 2f>H
Am Loeomctive rfa !(•") 90i» SO 1 ? 80« a
Am Srr.tlt & Hef.. ;:00 tvj " «3S »51»i
Am Smelt & Kf pfd 100 107 1<>7 10»>
Am Su?ar R.f 8.M"xJ 1324 131 . 1.;13 4
Anaconda Mir " Co. ,Vh> 7s 1 , 7S 7«i
Kkyn Rapid Tran. . 6.5<» 54 -S Xi** 54
Co!o Fuel £ Iron.. 700 '¦i~ 1 t 36^ ;><;»;
Consolidated Gas . l.SOO \96% l{>«^ J9t>'
Corn Products ... 40<> 13s, j3i 3 131^
Corn Products pfd. 2<«t «X# tit 6S
Distillert" Sec 13.9<x» 2ri'i °^ 1 « 1W
General Electric... 1,700 166H H>4^ 165
Inter Pap»r -j^ii
Ir.tcr Paper pfd... 7<>0 7-J4 73 73i 4
Inter Pump GOO 31 \l 31 ao» 4
Irt-r Pump pfd.. SfiO 77=, 77:, 77
National Lead 1.600 23» 3 2:Jt, 23»4
j N^rth Am»rican ft">i»
! Pscific Mail gr?O 2»* 4 29 29
Fecple'a Oas Stx> 102S 101»i 102
PrvssK-d Steel Car .... :r>ii
Prsl <;ar rfd 2C>0 77!, 771, 77
Puilmar. Pal Car «>io
R»ruWic Slee! -Co 7-% '74 "'%
Rej.uWic Steel pfd srn) 4.;-, 43'i *:;W
I Rubber Goods " ... lt j*
j Rubbers Oorxis rfi. 5<ift si 1 , k{ " fei
i T-nn C^al & Iron.. 2,5<>0 45<fc 44'i 44»i
I S Leather 600 7", 7il ;C
U S Leather ifd... 2"0 6>>' 4 R6i. SJj'l
C B Realty i.-.f«> ,vj-.* M t* y./
U S Rul.rx-r t/)0 19% 191, 19 "
U S Rubber pfd.. 1«O 75'- 4 75\ -,T,K
US Steel 19.100 I.M. J2't 122
V B Etee] rfd 43.7O w^ ,v>-. 59 ?*
We3tinchms« Ele: 4.40» 161^ 159 1.V1
1 Ur.ior. 100 !«> Jm.i sos. 4
Tcta! ral^s €&4,00Ct ehare*.
; DMTED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO,
i NEW YORK. Aug. 29.— Bond transactions
I tr.ited Kaiiways of San Francisco: 2*,(j(*> m
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
American Can: Common, bid i\ a»ked 4 »- T
preferred, bid 4»;* 4 . asked 4«!J.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg..!05 JL &. N unified is.ICl
L»o coupon 105 [Man .on gold 4s.l0»;
Do 3s r*g 10S i Mex Cential 4s... fil
Do coupon 105U! Do 1st inc 15'i
Do wm 4s reg.l.Jl VMinn & Bt L 4s. :>7
Do couixsn 132 • M. K & Texas 4S-.KHU
Do o'd 4s rcg.107* ; Do 2-3s SO
Do coui-on 107 INK of Mex con 4a 75" 4
Atrh pen 4s ua% IX y c gen ::'.?. .100
Do arlj is M'*>X J C g^n 5s..l 133V:
Atlantic C L tS.lOO^lKor Pacific 4s .¦ 104%
Halt A.- Ohio 4mt.Ktt l i\ Do :i< 74U
Do 3',s 05V Nor i- w' con' Vs. Ha <
centra! of <;» .VHP, O?L 4s A rartic.
J>> 1st inc M T , Vs. conv JU t >isC
Ches 6c Ohio 4'^!=.;07i 2 Reading K'u'-is. ' U»>
OU & Alton 3*4«. 79'-,; S L & I M enn Sk.117
C, /i & Q r.cv. i«. O7' U : S L t'S Pfj <s. 85
CM A- .-P sn 4s.l09 St Louis S\V l«u fl7
c & NW rr,n ra.i28MPeabot.nl A L -l« siu
C. P. 1 4: Pac 4s. 74 'So Paiifio 4s... ' 04:,
Do co! r.s .S5Si ! -So Ra si way 5 S . 1 1 tj u
C.C.C &z SLgn 4s.iniii Tex & Pac I?t«'ll9 "
Chi Trrm 4? 74 ! Tol. St L & W 4s 77!,
Cons Tobacco Ae. «7>i Union Pacific 4s 105 "
Col-> & Po 4» *4 ! Do conv 4-.. 1047;
Colo F & I 5s... 72' 4 iU S Steel 2d 5s 7«»
Den & Rio G 4s.l<*tV Wabash lsts 1171,;
Eri«> prior lien it. fl*i~ ! L>o deb B " f;i s"
Do pen 4« MifJW & L Erie Y* ' rm*
F W &¦ D C ists.'.r.r.U- V.is Central 4s... Jigi*
Hock Val 4' 3 <=...10S i 2
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Aiarr.s Con 25| r.;H> Chief 05
AHce 20 Ontario T 'O
Breece .' 15!<irhir 2".',
Brans Con 14' Phoenix ' j 4
Com Tunr.el 10; i'otosi " 1.
r on Ch! & Va... I 05 Savage " « *
Horn Silver 1 50 ! Sic-rra Nevada ~n
Iron Silver 1 70 Small Hones * «> r ,
Ltadvllie Con ... P2 Standard .-. 1 |j
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money— I United Fruit 10GU
Call loans 2fi3 iWesting Common. SO
T*— - loans 3tr4V»; Mining —
Bonds — ! Adventure .... jr
jLtehlioati l<U*i; Allouez ]4 *
D* a'lj 4» ft4'-iArca! Copper ... 5714
Mr x Central 4s... 61 Axner ]2
P.allroads — ! Atlantic * 13a:
Atehison "l^ 1 Binsham 271?
Do pfd OS* i Calumet * Hecla 5-0
l;oston & A!banr-2.V) ICenter.nial 28*
Boston & Maine. 1«2 - Ccrper Range ... r.t-*i
Toe-ton El»-v l.'.l'-V r>aly XVe*t j.^5,
Mex Central 11% Dorr. Coal 5^
Here Marquette. . . 74 I Franklin n
Union Pacific ICO'.i'Graney .^ 314
Miscellaneous — ! IfIo Rorue 141/
Amer Arge Chem. H ! Ma^r, lllning .•;:.
Do pfd Srt JMif-hipan 51*
Amcr Pneu Tube. 4 i Mohawk 451-
Arr.cr Sngar ISl'^'Oid Dominion ... I3u
Do pM 134 fOsceola 7°
Amcr Tel & Tci.l-"*7«%! Psrrot •>?,»•
Amer Woolen ... 14 ' Quiney 557
Do r,M vos; ; Hhanr.on si;
Dom Iron 4 S... 10'i'Tarrarack 105
c.*n EKetrfe Kr.i;i Trinity 71'
May Electr-e 13 i IT ." Mining 21 t;
Do r?d «J Ursoil IlC
Mat« Gas 41% I Utah 4"si
Un Shoe Mach... 50 \ Victor!* :{i;
r>o nf^ 3A iWinona 1OK
U R Bted 1214! Wolverine se
Do rfd co I
London Closing Stocks.
Ccrs.for money.. WUJTC Y central 125'i
Do for acct S«»i Xor & Western... «3>H
Anaconda 4 j D o pfd .... 9*ic,
Atchison ,^i'! Ont * V/cetera... H7^
Do p?d 1 no'; 4 : Pennsylvania C4 H
Rait A Oiilo P0 I Rani Mine* .... 10U
Car. PaclfV- lWUl Reading .„ r v o^
Ch-s & Oh<o SHtl r»n in P fd.. "44
Oil Gr<»at W«t:. 15«4| Do 2d pfd '5
Chi. Mil & St P.1WJ So Railway "971
T5e I>«r* lK r -<,I Do r-frt .. ' 071.?
l>n & Rio G 2.'.s;!S o Pacific .. '' .%s4
Do ?fd 7»'.;i Union Pacific . *10«U
Eri« 27»;l Do pfd " »7U i
Do 1st rfd r.iU'U S Ste«l jA.v
D-t 2iJ pfd 41 ' Do r.fd "
HI CcntrAl 141 a ;' Wabaxh »f»
Lou!« t- Nafh 12* a i! D<» rfd .. " SD«J |
M. K.& Texas... 23HI Fr An i*h 4s ...'.'.'.'. 'se%
Ear silvf-i — Steady, 26%d per ounce.
Monty — 2?J2 5 .i pr cent.
The rate of discount in the open market fo
gh>r t bjiis «j 2'i per cent and lor three months*
bills 2'/i52H Per cent.
Poultry opened the week with th? market
firm and active and rfftsilers reported a
steadily increasing consumptive demand. Lead
ing retailers wire stocking ur> to meet the
extra demand uurins the Templars' conclave
ar.d the approaching Jewish holidays. Three
cars of Western were on sale and t-leaaed up
quickly at cood prices. Local stock -was in
light rectint and prices were nominally un
changed. Game cleaned up quickly and Hare
and Rabbits were quoted higher.
POULTRY — Live Turkeys, 15Q17c r<r lb
for old End 24925c for young: < Geese,
per pair. $1 7592: Goslings. $2g2 25:
Ducks. $4ffl 50 per do:er. for o!d ani $4 50
®5 50 for young; Hens. $1 SO'gS for small
and $5 50@6 for large; young Roosters, $5 50
Sti; old Roosters. $4*j4 50; Fryers. S3 5054 50;
Broilers, $2 50-g3; Pigeons, $1 25 per dozen for
eld and $1 50<§l 75 fcr Squabs.
GAME— Wild Doves. 75c per dozen: Har»,
$1 25S1 50 r*r dozen; Cottontail Rabbits, $2
per dozen.
Poultry and Game.
OILS — Quotation? are for barrels: for cases
add 5c; Linseed. 57c per gallon for boiled and
65c for raw; Castor Oil. in cases. No 1 70c;
Bakers' AA. cases. $1 10@l 12: Lucol. 50c for
boiled and 4Sc for raw; China Nut. cases.
C5§S0c per gallon; Cocoanut Oi!. in barrels.
5Sc for Ceylon and 55c for Australian; extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil. 6Sc; natural winter
Sperr.i Oil. 63c; extra bleached winter Whale
Oil. 57c; natural Whale Oil. 52c: extra winter
f trained Lard Oil. 75c; No. 1 Lard Oil 65c;
Neatsfoot Oil. 73c; No. 1 Neatsfoo't Oil.
63c; light Herring Oil. 42c: dark Herring Oil.
40c: Salmon Oil. 34c; boiled Fish Oil. 37c; raw
Fi«h Oil. 35c; boiled Paint Oil, 33c; raw Paint
Oil 31c.
COAL OIL — W*ter White Coal Oil. In bulk.
13c: P»arl Oil in cases, lDUc: Astral, 19V£c;
Star. 19V.C- Extra Star. 24c: Elaine. 26c; Eo
cene. 23c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline. In bulk.
l«c: in cases, 22Uc; Benzine, in bulk, 13c; In
cases. 19Vic; Sti-degree Gasoline, in bulk. 25c;
in cases. 31c.
TURPENTINE — Sic per gallon in cases and
75c in drums and iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead 7%©
7«ic per lb; White Lead. 7ViS7*iC according
to quantity.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quote? as follows, per lb. in 100-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 6.23c:
Powdered. 6.10c; Candy Granulated. 6.10c: Dry
Granulated, fine. «c: Dry Granulated, coarse, j
6c; Fruit Granulated. 6c; Bc-ec Granu
lated <100-ib bags only) ; Confectioners'
A. 6c. Magnolia A. 5.60c; Extra C. 5.50c;
Golden C, 5.4f'c; • > D." 5.S0c: barrels, 10c more;
half barrels, 25c more; boxes. 50c more; 50-Ib
bags. 10c more fcr all kinds. Tablets — Half ;
barrels. 6.50c:- boxes. 6.75c: H. & E. Crystal
Dominos. 9c per lb. No orders taken for less
than seventy-five barrels or its equivalent.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR MONDAY. AUGUST 23.
Flour, qr sks... fi.-T*" Wool, ha'.es 441
Wheat, ctls . OSo'shorts. sks cw
Barley ctls 3.ft40! Tallow, ctls 21O
Oats, ctls 4.019! Hides No 2.0*Ci
Beans, sks 197' Pelts. No 1»5
Corn, ctls 57<V; Leather, rolls . . 59
Potatoes. *=ks ... S.1'7 Lime, bbls 3"5S
Onions, sks 1.B47I Paper, reams ... 1,270
Bran, sks .'.".0 Wine gals 4O.lfn>
Middlings, sks . . 550| i-'ugar. rtls 1.50ft
Hay tons 2,»«.'! Quicksilver, risks lrt
Straw, tons .... 3-1 Chicory, bbls ... 4O
OP.KGON.
Flour, qr sks . . . 7.."24' Shorts, sks ..1..10.00O
Wheat. <tis 7!>.41"| Screenings sks.. 120
Bran, sks ".V.'O
BAGS — Grain Bags $5 15-55 25: San Quen
tin. $4 75: Wool Bags. 30S32c: Fleece Twine.
7^c; Fruit Bags. 64S7' 2 c for white and 7c
for brown jute.
COAL — Wellington, $S per ton: New ¦Wel
lington. SS: Seattle, $5 50: Bryant, $6 50;
Beaver Hill. $5 SO: Roslyn $7- Coos Bay,
?5 50: Richmond, $7 50: Cumberland. $13 In
bulk and S14 25 in sacks: Pennsylvania An
thracite Egg. $14: Welsh Anthracite Egg $13:
Welsh Lump. $11 50; Cannel, $9 per ton;
Coke. $11 50(^13 per ton in bulk and $15 in
sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions. $3 50 per
short ton.
General Merchandise.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Market is in very
siignt supply and while demand is only mod
erate, price* ar« firmly held. Common are
quoted at 4£54c; prime. Z-iQ6c; choice, 6 1 *
•tHl'Sc. and fancy. 7S7H-3C.
PRUNES — Quiet. Coast advices indicate an
easy market for futures. There is little de
rnand for immediate delivery and the market
is dull. Quotations range from 2c to 6Uc ac
cording to grade.
APRICOTS— Firmly held. Choice, 9^® 10--;
extra choice. 101,(5101^0, .and fancy, llftfsc.
PEACHES— Are in a little better demand and
ruie firm. Kxtra choice are quoted at Sc 
fancy. 9Val<3c.
DRIED FRUITS
NEW YORK, Aug. 29.— FLOUR— Receipts,
22.0CO bushels: exports, 11,600 bushels; dull
but very firmly held.
WHEAT— Receipts. 47.200 hpshels; spot firm.
No. 2 red. $1 11' 4 f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Ncrth
m i X)uluth. SI 27"-i t. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Manitoba, nominal f. o. b. Options
cpened lower on weak cables, but rallying on
frost news, advanced steadily all day. A
number of crop estimates did much to
strengthen the late market and it closed very
firm at l' : <gl-\c net advance. May, *1 1Oi..->
1 131,. closed $1 IS',; September, $1 10H<5
1 12ij. closed Jl 12' 3 ; December, $1 lOVil?
1 12 1 -,. closed SI 124.
HOPS— Steady.
HIDES— Steady.
PETROLEUM— Steady.
WOOL— Firm.
COFFEE— Spot Rio. firm: No. 7 invoice.
S^c; mild, firm; Cordova. 9>-j?il3c.
The market for coffee futures "opened steady
and closed 15@25 points higher. Totals sales
were tiC.OOu bags, including: September. $0 63
<56 S"; October StJ 7O5i<i 75; November. *7*i
7 OS; December. $tj r<5igT 10; January. $7 05©
7 20; March. $7 2o37 45; May. $7 5C-^7 «i5~;
Ju!y. $7 70C7 SO.
SUGAR — Raw. firm: refined, firm.
BUTTER— Steady. Street prices: Extra
creamery. I9fT10$£e; official prices: creamery,
common to extra, loglfcc; Siate dairy, common
to extra. 124?17ijc.
EGGS— Steady to firm. Western fancy, ee
leo'ed. 21o: Western fancy, best. 19V>@20c.
CHEESE— -Steady. State full cream" small
colored and white, fair to fancy. S^S^c; large
colored, poor to fancy. HU'fiS'oc; iarge white
fancy, fair to fancy 74'SS 1 i
New York Grain and Produce.
Futures closed very steady. August, 10.97c;
October. 10.70c: November. 10.7Cc; Decem
ber, 10.7J>c: January. 10.73c; February. lO.Slc;
March, 10.S3c; April, 10.85c; May, lO.SSc.
NEW YORK, Aug. 29.— Cotton futures
eper.ed ttrong; August, 10.83c: September,
10.75c: October. 10.70c; November, 10.77c;
December. 10.76c: January. 10.76c; February,
10.70c: March. 1082c; March. 10.S2c; April,
offered, 10.S7c; May 10.87c.
Spot closed quiet." 20 points higher. Mid
dling uplands. 11.40c; middling gulf. 11.65c.
Sales, 56o2 bales.
New York Cotton Market.
Wall-street Stocks firm and some higher.
Light trading on ike local stock exchanges.
Arrizal of £350,000 in British Gold from Sydney.
Stiver lie higher. Slight changes in Continental Exchange.
'¦' neat Futures higher, zviih heavy receipts from Oregon, i
Barley, Corn and Rye quiet and unchanged. • r :'
Oat market strongly held at higher prices.
Bran and Shorts lozver under heavy receipts from Oregon.
Hay depressed again by enormous' arrivals.
No further change in Beans oc Seeds.
Honey rinuly held by the grozicrs.
So more variations in Hams, Bacon or Lard.
Hops Hr-.n and tending itpn-ard.
Butter and Ergs very firm and tending 'upward .
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs open the ivcek unchanged. .
Potatoes in demand for shipment to the southwest.
Street Potatoes and Onions plentiful and loner.
Poultry and Game in active de viand ar.d Urn:.
Unusually good Monday demand for Frv.it.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 29.— To-day's state,
ment of the Treasury balances in the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
In the division of redemption, shows: Available
cash balance. $147,537,572: gold. $46,05S.G2S.
Condition of the Treasury.
HOGS— Live Hogs. 140 to 200 lbs. 4%e:
200 to 250 lbs. 4*4c; 130 lbs and under. 4^c;
over 250 lbs. 414c; soft Hogs, cot wanted;
Sows, 20 per cent off: Boars. 50 per cent off,
and Stags. 40 per cent off from above quota
tions. -
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock delivered in San Francisco. le«» 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers 7U#74c: Cows and
Heifers. 5^®6iic: thin Cows, 4g5c per lb.
CALVES — 4#4^c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3HQ3*ic; Ewes. 3g3Uc
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS — $2 5O@2 75 per head.
BEEF — 5@7c for Steers and 4g5c per lb
for Cows. •
VEAL — Laige. &SSc: small, Sg3c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7g7^c; Ewes. 6©70
per lb.
LAMB— 8^S9c per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs, 6@Se per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Wholesale rater from, slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
The week cpened with all quotations un
changed.
DRESSED MEATS.
Meat Market.
change to-day the Butter markel was firm.
Cre«me»iP.-.^14eiSiac: dairies. 12V«@16e. E^gs.
steady, 14W^lS?ic. Cheese st»aay. S(46S>c.
ELGIN,; 'HI.. Au». 29.— Butter ruled firm
on the Board of Trade this afternoon, selling
at 19c a pound. Sales for the week in the dis
trict were 276,000 pounds."
¦K ; . #.
I CATTLE. SHEEP AND HOGS. |
* 1- »
• :^ Chicago.
CHICAGO; Aug. ' 29.— CATTLE— Receipts,
22,000. Including 7000 Westerns. Natives,
steady; others, lower; good to prime steers,
$5 50£6 10£'*poor to medium, $3 M)@5; stockers
and feeder*.($2@3 90; cows. $1 25@4 60; heif
ers. $1 75@4.-75; cannem $1 25@2 25; bulls.
$1 75§4 in; # calves $3 50^6 50; Texas fed
steers, ?2-.75@3 40; Western steers. $2 90@
3 60.
HOGS — B.&:e!pts — To-day, 24,000; to-morrow.
13.000; market. 5c higher. Mixed and butch
ers, $5 2ofAr65; good to choice heavy. $5 40
>&5 «O; rough heavy. $4 65®5 20: light, $5 40
©5 72V.; bulk of sales, $5 4<4j5 55.
SHEEPi-JJecelpts. 2500; steady; lamb*,
strong. Gcted to choice wethers, $3 SOfii 25;
fair to choice mixed. $3@3 75; Western sheep.
$2 50*g4 25:' native lambs, $4 25®6 40; West
ern lambs," Jigs E0.
.7;. Omaha.
OMAHA.^Aug. 20.— CATTLE— Receipts. lb00
steady. Na^ve steers. $3 75§3 S5; cows and
I heifers. ?2»Jc#33 SO: Western steers, $3#4 40;
j Texas ste&T.' $2 7SQ3 50; range cows and
1 heif^re. J&pjiZQl 25; canners. $1 5<fff2 10;
stockers P-tft- feeders. 10c lower. $2 25S3 50;
calves. S3tt4<?5; bulls and stags, $1 50<g3 25
! HOGS— Ifec^fipts. 3500; active. 5c higher.
j Heavy, $5'i503?5 3D; mixed. $5 25S5 30; light.
1 $5 30^5 40;^p;gs. $1 50@5; bulk of sales, $5 25
SHEEP-rOigpeipts, 14,000; market, .weak, 10c
I lower WfSjrn yjirlir.gs. $;; tjo@3 00; weth
ers, S3 2Mi7i*T3 : ewes, $3@3 50; rommon and
fctockers, 52tei@3 65; lambs, $4 75t?5 40.
l S [Kansas City.
KANSAS\ICITY, Aug. 29.— CATTLE— Re
ceipts. lejOJ^V steady. Native steers. $3 75S>
ti; native c<y^f5 and heifers. $1 50«j4 75; stock
ers 2nd fe&ijrs, (2 •JZfii 10: bulls $2©:! _'5
calves. $ej5*|i5: Western steers $334 25;
Western eiityi. $1 5oe;t TiO.
HOGS—Rikeipts. 30C0; market. 5c higher:
bulks of,ferl«s. $5 25^5 40. Heavy, $5 20<g.
5 40; pacftR. $5 2o<55 40; pigs and light.
SHEEP— Receipts. ."5000: market, 10c hig|-.«-
Mutton.^. ij«t..254?4 10: lambs, $4 25©5 25
range wetfujra, $3 25f 4; swes, $2 50@3 60.
I 3Iisc^llaiieoiis Markets. I
* *
Moreign Futures.
,%\. LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— 'J i Sept. Dec.
Opening ,.^»\ 7 4 7 5*;
Closing . i~\j ,j 7 3^ 7 5*,
WL I PARIS.
Wheat-iM T Aug. Nov. Feb.
Opening ASS « 22 30 2X55
C1 rk"u S r— " 35 " 3 *°
Opening -^| 30 20 31 10
Closing ¦4~(jZ 30 40 3125
SuXouis Wool Market.
ST. IXiUB, Aue. 29.— WOOL— Quiet. Me
dium grac!r-s. combing and clothing, 2fr§26c
lieht fine. 16620c; heavy fin?. 12-§16c; "tub
watsbbd. 22g35c.
Northern Wheat Market.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Aug. 29. — WHEAT — Steady.
Bluestem. 83c; club, 7Sc.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Aug. 29— WHEAT— Shipping
Walla Walla. 77c; bluestem. S2c; Valley, S3c. '
Northern Business.
SEATTLE. Aug. 20.— Clearings, $771 54"
balances. ?20S.»3S5.
TACOMA, Aug. 29.— Clearings. $346 705;
balance*. S:»0, l'J3.
PORTLAND. Aug.* 29— Clearings $623 Un
balances, SR2.230.
SPOKANE. Aug. 29— Clearings, $372,9S4-
• *
LOCAL XAEKETS. j
Exchange and Bullion.
¦ The irteamer Sierra brought up from Sydney
£330,000 in British gold, of which £200 0OO
was bonsirned torf th<-: London. Paris and
American Bank and .£150,000 to the Anglo-
Calif-jmian Bank. — -
Silver was -Sc higher, and there were frac
tional changes in Foreign Exchange.
LOCAL.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days — $4 £6
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 &S*t
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 j.9^
New York Exchange, sight .... — 07H
N«w York Exchange, telegraphic — 10 '
Silver. r>er ounce — 57>i
Mexican Dollars 45 Q 45*j
INTERNATIONAL.
New York on Mexico 21B
Berlin on London ,., .20AHK
Paris en London 25. 'J5
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Liverpool futures wer* lower. The
world's "shipments for the week were as fol
lov.-s, in quarters: Russian. 3T7.000; Oanubian
lee.CCO; Argentine, 144.000; Indian, 179 000-
Australian. .'W.OOO.
Th* American visible supDly decreased 3->5 -
0«>rt br.sh>.!s.
Chicago advanced 2c. This market was also
2<- higher In the pit. owing to th» rise at
Chicago and the growing belief that the out
look for the European crop was gradually de
teriorating. The sentiment was decidedly'buli
ish. There was a firmer feeling in th-? cash
giain. but <!ur»tatioi!S shewed no change.
Th- re were heavy arrivals of 79,419 ctls from
Oregon.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club. $1 4Wil 47>i; California
White Australian, Jt 5^1 W>; Northern
Club $1 -tCf 1 47>j; Northern BlJestem $1 52i.,
©I 57'i per ctl. ' I
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m. •
Open. High. Low. Close. ;
Deceniber . *I 51 $1 52»i $1 51 $1 52 jj'l
2 p. m. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December $1 *-'j $1 52*£ $1 ."1214 $1 $-»*% j
UAP.LKY-- The week opened quietly, both 'In j
th* cash grain and futures, with a firm :nar- |
ktt. There n-er« r.ct many spot, sales on '
•Chance.: , I
CASH iiAnLEY.
F*ed. $1 0:>3l CS\; new Brewing and Ship- '
ping. $1 12U*jl 17%; Chevalier. $1 1T&@1 30 1
per ell.
FUTURES i
SusloaStc 11:30 ». m.
Open. High. Low. Clo«e !
December ..SI 09% ?1 0U\ $1 004 $1 00?i |
2 p. re. Session.
Open; High. Low. Close '
D-:-c<?mbcr ..$1 10 $1 10 Si ftt^j Si CD^i i
OATS — Anything SiX-'d lr: the way of feed or !
seed is firm, and choice lots lor seed are i»ai
ticuiarly so. There are some cheaty lots of j
black und red selling: low. which explains th«
very wide rartRC to quotations.
White. *1 .i7>i'!il 47>i; Surprise, $1 5OS1 60- !
Red, $1 22&<S>1 42^i for feed and $1 STL.© !
I iTVj for se-.d: Black, $1 3031 35 tor feed and i
$1 50® 1 65 for seed.
COHN — Conditions remain uncharged, and |
tho marku is steady.
Western sacked. SI 45.S1 50 for Yellow and '
Whste and 51 15^1 47^4 for Mixed; California (
larce Yellow. $1 5Q<51 57 «i : sniall round do
$1 iSSl C2M: White, nominal; Egyptian. $135
SI 4r< for WWw and §1 25S1 30 for Brown
RYE-U 254<1 30 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal at $1 75@2 per ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $4 SCO
5 10, ume! terms; Bakers' Extras $4 70SS
Oregon and Washington, jobbing at $3 S5@4 25
per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour.. $3 25 per 100 lbs*
Rye Flour. $3: Rye Meal, $2 75; Rice Flour.
87; Corn Meal. $2 50; extra cream do $3 60"
Oat Meal. $J 75; Oat Groats. $t : Hominy'
$:j CCffi3 *j: Buckwheat Flcur. $4; Cracked
Wheat. J3 50; Farina. $3 75; Whole Wheat
Flour, ?3 50; Rolled Oats, bbls. $tj 5C-Q7 50- in
sacks, $4 25; Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas,
boxes, $5 00; Green Peas. $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
The Cood of Hay from the country continues
yesterday's receipts being 2003 tons, including
10:$ cars. That the market was depressed again
goes without sayins. Still, there was no de
cline, the bids of buyers being bo low that th«
sellers simDly raid no attention to them and
walked away trom the market.
Receipts of Feedstuffs from Oregon were
b«avy. consisting mainly of 7S60 sks Bran and
10.000 sks Shorts, and both were 50c lower
Middlings were unchanged.
BRAN— J20 50-221 50 per ton.-
MIDDLINGS— $24629 per ton.
SHORTS— $20 5C@2l 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley $23fi23 50
per ton; Oilcake M« al at the mill $31 5O®32 50-
Jobbing. $33; Cocoanut Cake. $22®23: Corn
Meal. $30 50S31 50: Cracked Corn 131632-
Mixed Feed, $22© 22 50: Horse Beans (30&40
per ten; Broom Corn Feed, 80c per ctl
HAY — Wheat, %S@12 60. with $13913 60 for
extra fine; Wheat and Oat. $S@12; Oat, (7 50®
10 50: Barley and Oat. $709; Volunteer Wild
Oat. $6 50®8 50; stable. $7©S 50; *tock. «6©7;
1 25 for small and 50c for Colts. Buck Sklat —
Dry Mexican. 30c; dry salted Mexican. 25c; dry
Central American, 30c. Goat Skins — Prime An
goras, 75c; extra large do. $1 25; large and
smooth. 50c; medium 35c; small, 20c
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4S4&O p«r lb;
No. 2. 3^ic: grease. 2 1 ,i@3e.
WOOL — Fall clip — San Joaquin and South
ern. Sgllc; Southern. S©9c: Southern Moun
tain. frSHc; Middle Counties, free. 12@14c;
<!o. defective, lO@12c; Northern free, 12#14c;
do. defective. 10gl2c; Humboldt and Mendo
cino. 14@15c per lb.
HOPS— 1904 crop. 22§25c per lb. j
Trade in Potatoes was active under a good
demand for river Burbanks for shipment to
the Southwest, but supplies were well up to
requirements and Drices showed no Improve
ment. Sweet Potatoes and Onions were In
Increased supply and lower.
Prices of miscellaneous vegetables had but
slight quotable variance. Tomatoes arrived
freely and were weak, with large lines of old
stock lying arcund. Lima Beans were slightly
higher for the best stock.
POTATOES — Xew buroanics from the river,
from 60e per sack to S5c per ctl; Salinas Bur
banks, $1©1 25 per ctl; Early Rose, nomi
nal: Garnet Chiles. 75^S5c; Sw«et Potatoes,
*1 50«n 75 p«r ctl.
ONIONS— SI© 1 15 per ctl.
VEGETABLE:; — Green Corn, 75c§?l 25 per
VEGETABLES — Green Corn. 75c@l 25 per
sa>;k or crate: String and Wax Beans. 1^2c per
lb; L'ma Brans. 2%(f33&C per lb; Tomatoes,
20635c r>er box for river and 40&tiOc for bay;
Summer Squash. 25$35c per box; Cabbage, 75c
I>er ctl; Carrots. 75c p*r sack; Cucumbers. 20@
3."c per box; Pickle Cucumbers, nominal: Ganic.
4^4'ji. per lb; Ess Plant. 25'940c per box;
Dried Peppers, nominal; Green Okra. 25&40C
per box; Green Peppers, 25§40c per box; Mar
rowfat Squash. J15Q20 per ton
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard. $3 25: Flax. $1 9Og2 25; Canary 6%
©7c; Alfalfa. 15®15"»ic; Rape, li<.@2iic: Timo
thy. 5«ic; Hemp. 3Vi©3**c per lb; Millet. 2H
g3>4c: Broom Corn Seed. $20#21 per ton
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $2@2 25; new Green
Peas. $2©2 25 per cU.
There is nothing new under this head. The
new crop of beans is coming in slowly.
BEANS — Bayos. $2 35@2 50: Pea. J3: But
ters. $2 73S3: small White, $2 9003 10; large
White. $2 30@2 55; Pink. $3 4C@3 50; Red. $4;
Lima. $3 65@3 75; Red Kidneys. $4 25; Black
eyes. $2 35@2 50 per ctl; Horse Beans. $2 25.
Clover. $7 50®9 50; Alfalfa, $7C 10 50 per ton.
STRAW— 353 65c Per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
THE SAN FRANCISCO "CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 30. 1904.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about Vj^lc under quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium. 9c: light, 9c: Cow
Hld^s. 9c for heavy and 8Hc for light;
Stags. 6c: Salted Kip. 9^c: Salted Veal 10c;
Salted Calf, lie; dry Hides lC^c; dry Kip.
13c; dry Calf. 18c: Sheepskins, shearlings. 25©
40c each: short Wool, 40@65c each: medium
75©90c; long Wool. $1@1 50; Horse Hides, salt
$2 75 for large and f 2©2 50 for medium,- SI 23
©1 75 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides
dry, 21 75 for large and |1 50 for medium. $10
Hops rule firm, and tales of the new crop
have been made at 25c. with reported trans
actions at 25!ic. The Xew York brewers are
said to b4 showlnr more Interest in the mar
ket, owing to less favorable prospects for the
European crop.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hop*.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
13
AUCTION SALES
£» 5^ $&
AUCTION SALE
100 Head of Horses
By order of A. C. Jones of Butt* County,
California, we will sell 1<K> head of mares and
seldings. broken ar.d unbroken, rangins from
ICOo to I4CO pounds, from 5 to 9 years old;
also two handsome black sadd:»-hcrses.
This lot i» mostly nice, young geldings, salt-
able for all purposes, from milk wagons to
heavy express or sand wagons.
SALE TAKES PLACE
FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 2, 1904
AT 11 A. M.. AT
J. B. HORA.VS SALESYARD,
COR. TENTH AND BRYANT STS-. S. F.
HORD & SMITH. 85 Third St.. S. F..
Auctioneers.
At Auction
150 Bead 5^ £» 150 Head
By order of Frank Prior of Eajtlevtlle. Mo-
doc County. I will.ell ISO head of BROKEN
AND UNBROKEN HORSES AND MARES
d:rect from his ranch. They ars all good •olid-
colors; weight from 900 to 1300 pounds and
frcrn 4 to 7 years old. The horses can be. seen
any time at yards. They must and will b«
sold to the hishest bidder. Sale takes p!ac»
Thursday. September 1. at 11 o'clock at th»
Intematicnal Sales Yards, corner Twelfth and
Harrison sta. S. WATKIN3. Auctioneer.
AUCTION SALE
£»??»'£»
AT ARCADE HOR?E MARKET, 327 SIXTH
STREET.
WEDNESDAY AUGUST 31 AT 11 A. M.
By order cf T. E. Thome I will sell
ONE GOOD HACK. TWO GOOD HORSES.
HARNESS. BLANKETS, etc. Good as b«w.
Also 35 GOOD YOUNG HORSES. WAGON 3,
HARNESS, etc.
JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
£* fc* &*
Auction sale TUESDAY. Aug. 30. 11 a. m..
at 1140 Folsom. of wagons, surreys, eanspmr
cutflts. rubber tir«s and carta. and also 4O
sets of single and double harness and 23 head
of all purposed horses.See our society address cards. Great variety.
Edward Knowles Company,' 24 st. ; •
The San Francisco County conven
tion of the Ancient Order of Hiber
nians elected the following officers at
Hibernia Hall last night: Michael
Dcjiohue. president; Michael Keohane,
vice. president; Thomas Doyle, record-
Ing secretary; J. J. Barry, financial
secretary; M. C. Geohegan, treasurer,
and Rev. Terrence Caraher. chaplain.
• "~—
Hibernians Elect Oflicers.
Superior Judge Hunt yesterday
granted ten days' time in which James
W. Coffroth may answer the suit of
Thomas Garrett for $50,000 damages.
Garrett. publisher of the Evening Post,
brought suit for an injunction and was
granted a temporary restraining order
by Judge Kerrigan preventing the firsr
iss-ue of the Stinger, in which Coffroth
made. a personal attack upon the pub
lisher. The restraining order failed of
its purpose because the papers were
distributed before the order of court
had been served upon the defendant.
But attached to the suit for an injunc
tion was a plea that Garrett had been
damaged in the sum of $50,000. The
latter portion of the complaint is the
one ,Coffroth Is expected to answer.
Coffroth Gets Time to Answer.
The Civic Council held a meeting last
night in the lecture hall of the Acade
my of Sciences building, for the pur
pose of receiving suggestions as to how
it can get 9000 voters to sign a peti
tion for a charter amendment to be
voted for at the general election for
an increase in the liauor license. Sev
eral speakers told of how San Fran
cteco stands/alone with an unusually
low license for saloons. A committee
of six was appointed to wait upon
Bishop Montgomery to secure his in
terest in the matter. The object is to
have 9000 sign the petition by Septem
ber S. A meeting will be called for that
evening and all petitions will be taken
up.
Talk for Higher Liquor License.
C. G. Xagle brought suit yesterday in
the Justices* Court apainst the Actors'
National Protective Union of America
No. 3 to recover $200 for legal services
performed. The San Francisco I^bor
Council is also made defendant In the
suit.
Sues Actors* Association.
State Officers Warned.
A Coroner's jury yesterday recom
mended that the Harbor Commission
ers place wire netting over the sky
lights and air shafts of the Ferry build
ing as provided by a city ordinance.
This recommendation was made in the
case of Peter Gustafson, who was killed
by falling through an unguarded sky
lisht while working on the roof of th»
Ferry building.
Fall hats. 1904. just arrived, nobbier
than ever. Tom Dillon & Co.. opp. Palace.*
Superior Judge Kerrigan yesterday
partly heard the application of Frank
J. Kane, representing one of the hu
mane societies, for the guardianship
of the three .little daughters of Isaia
Golzio, who works in the lumber
crimps. It was charged that the
mother of the children was immoral
and had left home with another man.
The mother appeared in court last
week with Attorney J. A. Spinnetti
and was ready to make a legal fight
for her babes. At that time Judge
Kerrigan postponed the hearing.' Yes
terday, through an interpreter, the
father gave his evidence, charging his
wife with misdeeds, which ended in
his turning her out of home on Jan
uary 8 last. One Joseph Romano tes
tified to illicit relations with the
mother of the children. The case will
come up again next Wednesday.
Golzio's Babes in Court.
And all travelers need a goer! trunk or
(Tress suit case. We can suit you In
price, style and quality. Complete out
fits for travelers and everything new In
our Leather Ooods Department. Sanborn,
Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. •
Globe Trotters
Two Japanese students,. K. • Takaji
and E. Murayama, who arrived on the
Siberia on August IS and who were
denied a landing because they had
sore eyes, have been curea^by Dr. C.
K. D. Lord, surgeon at the Marine Hos
pital, and were allowed to land yes
terday. They had been stopped by
United States Immigrant Inspector
Persch. who is familiar with the dis
ease, he having lived In Japan for
many years. The Japanese treat it
with fat taken from the neck of a
bear.
Victory for Medical Science.
It -was announced yesterday that
Colonel Francis E. Beck, local man
ager of the International Banking
Corporation, v.ill retire in a few days.
His withdrawal from the bank has
been a matter of negotiation between
the New York management and him
self for several months, but, as was
announced some time ago in The Call,
the two parties could not agree upon
a settlement, Beck having demanded
his salary for the full period of his
contract of two years.
Although all parties interested in
the negotiations decline to enter into
a discussion of the amount paid Man
ager Beck in consideration of his res
ignation, it is understood, that he is
to receive 'a very large portion of the
sum demanded.
His successor will be named in a
few days. A report that the Portland
manager of the banking concern
Avould be called here was authorita
tively denied last night.
Satisfactory Settlement us to Salary Is
Finally Effected With New
York Officials.
BECK TO RETIRE FROM
MANAGEMENT OF BANK
Fred W. Gallehere. an employe of the
O&kland Transit Consolidated, filed a
petition yesterday in the Supremo
Court for a writ of habeas corpus for
the custody of his "daughter Elizabeth,
who is in the custody of Mrs. Mamie;
Marshall. The defendant la a sisterj
of Gallehere's first wife and the childj
was given to her after the death of;
the mother. The father has remarried/
and wants hi3 daughter, but the aunf
refuses to listen to the reauest, so he.
has appealed to the courts for redress.
Seeks Custody of Child.
The second and last week of Arnold
Daly's "Candida" opened yesterday
with a s:ood house at the Columbia.
"The Toreador" began Its fifth week
last night at, the Tivoli Opera House,
with the usual large and enthusiastic
audience.
Fortunate is the young man who jrets
badly defeated in a political contest.
He gets discouraged and Fettles down
to business.
Th<» State, In the discharse of Its trust as
owner of the ocean front b«tw?en high and
low water mark, luia seen fit to imi>ose upon
the authorities of the City and County of San
Francisco, as a condition to its grant of cer
tain lain'.s to the city, the duty of keeping
Kaid crean front rl'.-ar and fr°e from a!l 'ob-
Mnxctiom; and the I'ark Commissionprs. as
such authorities of the rtty nn<l county, having
control of thr Ureat Highway. In addition to
the ri-hts and nrivlleees aforesaid. hav« im
pojieil upon them the duty of keeping rlear and
frf fioni nil obstructions whatsoever tho
ocean front westerly ."0ft yards from the Great
Highway.
City Attorney Long yesterday ren
dered an opinion to the Board of Su
pervisors that the Park Commissioners
have Jurisdiction arid control over the
ocean beach between high and low
water mark and westerly of the Great
Highway. The opinion says:
Citr Attorney Says Local Authorities
Shall Permit No Obstructions
_ West of Great HIshway.
The Supreme Court decided yester
day that the plaintiff should recover
$150 as costs at the first trial in the suit
brought by F. Holton against the Ger
mania Life Insurance Company to re
cover $1500 on the death of Mrs. Hol
ton. The Superior Court gave Holton
5150 as ccsts after granting a second
trial and then rescinded its action.
Insurance Company IJoses Point.
Suits for divorce were begun yester
day by Charles H. Smith against
Grace F. Smith for desertion; Jennio
L. Claflin against Guy D. Claflin for
cruelty; Alice W. Lewis against A. M.
Lewis for desertion, and Carmel Wat
sen against James Watson, a felon. In
the last named case the husband -is
said to have been convicted on April
10, 1900, at Santa Cruz for assault
with intent to commit rfurder and sen
tenced to five years' imprisonment in
San Quentin. On good behavior he
was released last November, but the
marital relations have not since been
resumed.
A divorce was granted by Judge
Troutt yesterday to Marie K. Umland,
who charged William Umland with
cruelty. A decree was entered ac
cording to stipulation by which Mrs.
Umland is to have all of the household
furniture, a lot in the "outside lands,"
$i;37 50 in cash and $800 to be paid in
three years, secured by a mortgage.
She is to have the custody of the two
children and he is to pay $-25 a month
for their support for five years.
Decrees were also granted by Judge
Murasky to Maud E. Covell from
Charles L-- Covell for habitual intem
perance; by Judge Kerrigan to Marie
Rise from Charles Rise for neglect; by
Judge Hunt to H. J. Collins from E.
II. Collins for neglect; by Judge Heb
bard to Albert W. Spencer from Geor
gia Spencer for cruetly.
Distribution of Holdings Settled Out
of Court — Decrees Granted and
Suits for Separation Begun.
UMTJANDS ARE DIVORCED
AND PROPERTY DIVIDED
Next Sunday, reserved eeat excursions to
picturesque Hussian River and Cazadero big
trees. No ehort trip in California presents
such a variety of views over land and water.
$1 50 round trtr\ entitling holder to rejwrved
?*>at and privileges of observation car. Train
limited to 2-T5 passengers. Seats only at 626
Market street. Week day excursions, ?:! and
K :.o. •
Big Tree Excursion.
The Alcazar company of players was
seen to advantage last night in a splen
did production of "Nathan Hale," with
White- Whittlesey in the title role. The
play is founded on historical events
during the War of the Revolution, when
Hale sacrificed his life to aid his coun
try in throwing off the British yoke.
The situations are very strong and
the scenic effects, notably the orchard
scene where Hale is hanged, are fine
specimens of the painter's art. Whittle
sey gave a capital impersonation of the
young American officer and was given
most effective support by Eugenie
Thais Lawton, whose improvement as*
an emotional actress goes steadily on.
Their scene previous to when the hero
goes to his death, during which neither
speaks one word, was well enacted.
Harry D. Byers showed true dramatic
ability as Cunningham and his good
work won recognition from the audi
ence. Luke Conness as Fitzroy never
acted better and George Osbourne,
Harry Hilliard. John B. Maher, Marie
Howe. Virginia Brissac and Annie
Mifflin all contributed their share to a
most artistic production. The school
scene furnished most of the comedy
element. There is much in the play to
arouse the patriotism of the spectators.
The piece must certainly be added to
the list of pronounced successes at this
playhouse.
PARK BOARD HAS CONTROL
OVER THE OCEAN BEACH
The Board of Public Works yester
day received a communication from
F. M. Yorke & Co., the firm that has
the contract to repair bituminous
streets, that it will decline to repave
the pavement in front of the Phelan
building on Market street at the con
tract price of ten cents per square foot.
The contractors claim that they bid
at the figure named, according to the
specifications which require the resur
facing only of bituminous pavements
in need of repair. The cost of repair
ing the Pheian block pavement would
be at least twenty-five cents per square
foot, as it would, necessitate the tear
ing out of the wooden blocks and refill
ing the space with six inces of con
crete.
The Board of Works itself thinks
that it would be an injustice to the
contractors to compel them to repair
the pavement for the contract price.
As the Supervisors' Finance Committee
desired to hear from the contractors
the Board of Works asked them if they
would not repair the block, it being
the desire of the board to have it in
good condition for the Knights Templar
Conclave.
Commissioner of Works Mastrettl
asked the Supervisors to appropriate
some $1900 out of the urgent necessity
fund and hinted that he would barri
cade the block if it were not repaired,
as a monument to municipal parsi
mony. ,
Inform Board of Works Tlint Con
tract Docs Not Contemplate
More Expensive Work.
Army headquarters in the Phelan
building have once more resumed their
usual routine of work. General Mac-
Arthur, after his three weeks' sojourn
at Camp Atascadero, i3 again at his
pust and yesterday was up t ; j his eyes
in work, looking over the accumula
tion of matters that ptled jip fa hia
desk during his absence.
Army circles, especially the trans
port service, are much amused at a re
cent publication in one of our daili«»3.
which has made an attack on the sys
tem of procedure adopted by
the transport service, particularly
in reference to the smuggling
scandal on the transport Solace.
In the article referred to it was sug
gested that the Solace should be trans
ferred from the army service to th«
control of the navy, whose officers (so
the article referred to states) under
stand the handling of ships.
The Solace has never belonged to th«
army, but has always been under the
control of the navy, so the aspersion3
that were intended to be heaped on
the heads of those in control of the
army transport service must now be
laid at ths dcors of the' navy con
tingent.
Among those registered at headquar
ters yesterday were Captain Manun
McCloskey, en route to Fort Worden,
Wash. He and his family are at th.*
Occidental. Lieutenant Julian de
Court of tha Fifth Company of Philip
pine Scouts, en route to the Philip
pines In charge of a detachment of
recruits from Jefferson barracks. Is at
the Occidental. -Captain John J. Tof
fey Jr., Seventh Infantry, en route to
Manila, is at the Occidental. Major S.
S. Leach, Engineer Corps, frem Fort
Leavenworth on leave, is staying at
2701 Jackson street. Lieutenant W. St.
J. Jervey, Twenty-seventh Infantry,
from Columbus barracks, is at the Oc
cidental.
Miss Nellie Crowder and Miss Cros
by are at the Palace, en route to the
Orient and will depart on the transport
Thomas, sailing Thursday. September
1. Miss Crowder is a sister of Colonel
E. H. Crowder. one of the United
States army observers now In Man
churia.
Transport Officials Resent Charges
Made Against Them in the Solace
Smuggling Scandal.
CONTRACTORS DECLINE TO
REPAIR PHELAX PAVEMENT
AKMY HEADQUARTERS ON'CE
MORE RESUME ACTIVITY
In Judge Cook's court nine jurors
were procured to try the case of George
T. Querbach, charged with the murder
of Mrs. Annie Wilson, a widow, at 5-
Capp street on November 1.' The other ,
three jurors will be secured this morn- j
ing. Querbach had been rooming at
Mrs. Wilson's residence and had prom
ised to marry her. He presented her
with a wedding dress and bonnet. They
quarreled, and on the day in question
Querbach called at her house and de
manded the return of the presents he
had given her. She refused, and during |
a struggle between them she expired.
Querbach tore up the dress and bonnet. [
Mrs. Wilson was a big, stout .woman
and was suffering from fatty degenera- :
tion of the heart. The autopsy showed
that her death was due to that disease
superinduced by the shock of her strug
gle with Querbach.
In Judge Dunne's court the case of
Fred Tobelmann, charged with the
murder of his wife, Mary, at the resi • i
dence of her brother-in-law, Ernest
Hurrub, 6OSV2 Minna street, on April If]
was set for trial yesterday. Tobel
mann's attorney interposed a challenge '
to the panel, which the Judge sus
tained and ordered 150 names to be
drawn by the County Clerk. The trial .
was continued till this afternoon. To- :
belmann's wife had left him, and be- :
cause she refused to return to him un- |
less he promised to support her and 1
their children he shot and killed her. !
It was a singular coincidence ths^t
the cases of four men charged with
murder were on the calendars of the
Superior Court at the Hall of Justice
for trial yesterday. Of the four, three
are accused of killing women, and two
of the murders happened on the same
day, the victims being wives who were
living apart from their husbands.
In Judge Lawlor's court the trial of
Alexander B. Garnett, charged with the
murder of Major J. W. McClung on
November 25, was continued before a
jury. The case for the prosecution was
closed when court adjourned till this
morning. The objections made by At
tGrney Collins to the introduction of the
testimony of Mrs. Elizabeth Hitchcock-
Coit and Dr. George F. Shiels taken at
the prelimnary hearing before Police
Judge Fritz on Becember 7 were over
ruled. The testimony of both witnesses
was read to the jury. Dr. Shiels attend
ed Major McClung after he was shot.
Mrs. Coit save in her testimony a full
narrative of the incidents that led up
to the shooting and Garnett's threat
to shoot her.
The case of Thomas P. Fallon,
charged with the murder of his wife,
Agnes, at 949 Mission street on April 1,
was set for trial in Judge Lawlor's
court yesterday, but was continued till
September 12. She had been living with
John Flemming for some .time and Fal
lon shot her.
The- complaint first alleges that the
company was incorporated with a cap
ital stock of $1,250,000, divided into $1
shares. Balliet was elected treasurer
on March 7, 1900, and on the same day
assumed the position of general man
ager, both offices lasting until March
21, 1904, when he resigned. While act
ing in those capacities, it is alleged,
Balliet sold shares and received sums
therefor aggregating $283,013 D8.
The first charge of his failure to ac
count relates to his receipt of two cam
eras worth $200 and two ore specimens
bought from a Mrs. Jones in Tuolumne
County. The company's demands for
these chattels have been refused, it is
said. Then the complaint goes on to
charge that entries were made in the
books showing disbursements aggre
gating 51S3.937 61, all of which were
made, it is alleged, without the author
ity or consent of the company, and not
in its Interest or benefit.
In the complaint numerous items of
the expenditures' are mentioned, includ
ing the following: $5530 90 refunded to
purchasers of shares from 1699 to May,
1903: $1155 house rent for Balliet's per
sonal use; $21,699 60 for attorneys' fees
and legal expenses in the case in the
United States District Court for the
Southern District of Iowa, in which
Balliet was charged and convicted of
using the United States mail with in
tent to defraud; $5500 deposited in the
First National Bank of Baker. City,
Or., in his own name; $1327 78 used in
promoting the Hudson Mutual Gold
Mining Company; $37,576 68 used for the
purchase of the Baker City Herald.
$10,000 (estimated) for his living ex
penses during the four years and $50.
000 for clerk and stenographer hire and
office expenses and other purposes not
named. R. M. F. Soto is attorney for
the company.
Once before the company • sued Bal
liet on account of a large number of
shares which it was alleged he issued
to himself personally and as trustee for
Florence Balliet, his wife, but the new
action is of more importance to the
company and its stockholders, in that it
intimates a misuse of a major part of
the $283,013 9S alleged to have been re
ceived by Balliet while he was treas
urer and general manager of the com
pany.
Letson Balliet must make an ac
counting to the White Swan Mining
Company for his alleged personal use
of the company's funds, and he Is
charged with having $183,037 61 on the
wrong side of the ledger. A few days
ago some of the company's stockhold
ers sued for an accounting froni Wood
ward, the secretary and Balliet's "right
hand man," who was said to be short
$60,000 in his accounts. When that suit
was filed it was charged that the com
pany and its directors would' not father
the action on account of Woodward's
control. Before the ink had dried cm
the complaint a fraud order was Issued
cutting Balliet's and the company's let
ters out of the mail.
Chief Wittman was notified of the
charges ypste rday morning and prompt
ly ordered Quarles suspended. Quarles
joined the force on January 6. 1900.
The Ftory of Policeman Quarles is
that while off duty on Sunday night he
went into Mrs. Hertig's saloon, at
<"J?-ary street and Central avenue. It is
alleged that he was in an intoxicated
condition; that he had a dog with him
and soon beg-an to display his author
ity. He abused customers who were at
The bar. it is charged, and Bartender
Kelleher avers that when he asked the
patrolman to behave himself he pulled
his revolver and placing the muzzle
against his (K*>Ileh*»r's) breast declared
with an oath that he would make him
a subject for the Coroner.
Kelleher soothed Quarles, who re
placed the revolver in his pocket. One
..of the customers spoke to Quarles' dog.
and this again roused the policeman's
anger. "How dare you speak to my
jdojr?" it is claimed he shouted, as he
/pulled out his revolver. The man ad
dressed rushed nut of the saloon.
Quarles, it is alleged, continued to
shout and make a disturbance, and was
finally induced to leave the saloon.
The two stars that have been dimmed
arc those of Charles Cleaver and Wil
liam Quarles. The Chief says that the
conduct' of these men has been beyond
tolerance and that he does not want
such policemen in his department.
Cleaver is the policeman who is ac
cused of having fired four shots from
his revolver at an elk that was peace
fully browsing in the paddock at Gold
en Gate Park. This occurred Friday
morning last. Cleaver is said to have
been in an intoxicated condition, and
¦while riding in an automobile with two
women he essayed to show his clever
ness as a marksman by trying to bring
to earth the stately form of the mon
arch of the Canadian forests.
Both of- the accused men appeared
before the Auditor yesterday and de
manded their warrants and received
them. Later the orders were cashed by
the Treasurer. Several minutes after
ward, the Chief appeared at the. City
Hall and learned what had happened.
Then it was that he declared that there
¦will be no more police salaries paid un
til the first of the month, which means
that employes of the School Depart
ment will have to wait until the 2d or
3d of the month before getting their
money. On account of the rush that
overcomes the Auditor and Treasurer
on the 1st of the month it has been the
custom to pay the Police Department
off ahead of time, thus avoiding con
gestion when the hundreds of employes
of the School Department call for their
salaries. Chief Wittman says that this
shall never occur again.
• School teachers and the Fire Depart
ment have usually presented their de
mands promptly on the 1st of the
month, but In the new order of busi
ness, they v.ill come after the Police
Department. Chief Wittman said that
it might be the desire of the Commis
sioners to discharge the accused po
liceman, and in that rase, or if a fine
\\?re imposed, it would have been or
dered that their salaries be withheld
pending investigation and final decision
of the board.
Chief Wittman has placed two po
licemen under the ban, and incidentally
become aware of the fact that the pay
ins off of the members of the force
teveral days prior to the first of the
month has led to complications. Here
after, the ru!e will be that no salaries
of j>olicemen shall be paid over the
counter of the city treasury until the
full thirty days' service, as prescribed
by law, have been fulfilled.
Let Herschel Mayall forget that he
has ever played Marc Antony and all
will be well with his Chan Wang. Last
night the Central put on "The First
Born," with Mayall in the leading role.
He has played it before, in Cincinnati.
And in Cincinnati Mayall's Chinaman
might be whylly forgiven him. Here,
within smell of Fish alley, it can't
quite.
If there is one thing more than an
other that a walk through Chinatown
impresses one with it is the philosophic
stolidity of the Oriental. Last night
while Mayall was "orating" I put in
some minutes watching the real Chi
nese supers — that with real Chinese
lanterns, real Chinese punk and real
Chinese turnips and carrots, spread at
mosphere in chunks. "Velly funny," I
think they would have said. They
looked it, in their mild Oriental way.
Really, it seemed as though the actor,
in his joy at getting hold of a part
worthy of him, were putting all the
"acting" he knew into it. That was it;
too much acting, too much gesture, too
much trouble, too many tears in his
voice. Yet, when Chan Wang carries
on the limp, little dead thkig that was
his son the samt vital thrill runs
through the house as first greeted the
scene in Powers' terse little drama.
Uptown, then, one simply advises May
all to .turn off steam — the Centralese
for repression. His second scene is ex
cellent.
The production is on the whole most
creditable and will well repay a visit.
The scene painter plays a star part, be
it not forgotten. A surprisingly good
performance is that of Ethel Clifton as
Looey Tsing — whose acquaintance with
Fish alley is only two weeks old.
She gets quite the Oriental color
into her work and in a day or two will
probably still more successfully con
ceal her Occidentalism. Krnest How
ell, in a very clever make-up, is ef
fective as the pipe mender, Henry Shu
mer is cleverly pompous as Dr. Pow
Len and Baby Martine is a dear little
Chinese butterfly as the first born,
Chan Toy. Walter Belasco's moment
as • the ragpicker is a triumph. His
make-up is quite worth the price of ad
mission. The large house thought so.
It bouqueted him and applauded him
until he had to come on again and ask,
"Any more rags?"
"Turned Up." a lively farcical com
edy, precedes "The First Born."
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
Thomas P. Fallon and Fred
Toblemann, Wife Killers,
Are Given Continuances
Complaint Specifies Vari
ous Expenditures Not
Made for the Corporation
Alcazar Company Gives a
Creditable Performance of
Fitch's "Nathan Hale!'
Wittman Says Former Shot
at Park Elk and Latter Was
Intoxicated in a Saloon
"FIRST BORN" ENACTED
PURCHASES NEWSPAPER
QUERBACH CASE BEGINS
CHARGES PREFERRED
All the Evidence for the
Prosecution in Trial of
Alexander B. Garnett In
Treasurer of White Swan
Mines Company Is Ac
cused of Using Its Funds
Impersonator of Chivalrie
Holes Dons the Blouse and
Pigtail of an Oriental
Charles , Cleaver and Wil
liam Quarles Are Accused
of Uifofticerlike Conduct
Dr. H. J. Stewart's "Montezuma" will
open the programme with four num
bers, all orchestral. These will include
a "Morning Hymn." a "Valse Lente,"
a "Barbaric March" and a finale.
W. J. McCoy's "The Hamadryads,"
coming second on the programme, will
introduce the choral element, in which
his vu&k is said to be exceptionally
strong The chorus will be heard in a
processional march. "Hail to Apollo" —
Mr. Redding describes it as a "big up
lifting"—and again in accompaniment
to a solo by Judge Melvin. Mr. Mc-
Coy's other two numbers are orchestral.
Last on the programme is the "In
dian Jinks" of J. H. Redding, one of the
first of the music dramas written for
the Bohemians. It is written about an
Indian legend transcribed for "jinks"
purposes by Charles K. Field, and con
tains four numbers, an overture, "In
dian Legend"; a "Reverie," in which
the cor anglais plays a solo part;
"Storm" and "Prophecy," and a con
cluding choral, a' "Hymn of Fulfill
ment."
It will be explained, among other In
teresting things, by Sire Hotaling that
each work should flnd its composer in
happiest mood. Each work was com
posed con amore. without an eye either
to fame or shekels. Then Mr. Hotaling
will tell what they are all about. Not
like Walter Damrosch— he will get an
accomplice to pound wrong notes— if
there are any— into the leit motifs on a
piano behind the scenes. He himself
will tell the stories in short synopses,
give a sketch of their musical treat
ment and illustrate their fashion of
production among the sacred redwoods.
The chances of admission . are not
great, however. At 10 o'clock -yester
day morning there were left lust 600
of the 2200 seats the Tivoli holds. There
are still a few tickets, however, and
the wise are hereby advised to early
investment. The fund thus obtained
is to be devoted by the Bohemians to
the preservation of the Guerneyille
grove and also to the further improve
ment of the "jinks."
As to Thursday's programme, Mr.
"Joe" Redding, who is in charge of the
orchestra, promises one that is "better
than any since the days of Herrold at
Platfs Hall." It will include sixty
men, the flower of the local flock. There
will also be a chorus of sixty voices,
composed exclusively of club members.
Judge Harry Melvln appears as the only
soloist, and Mr. "Dick" Hotaling will
play the part of an explanatory, Dam
rosch. The "music dramas" to be given
include parts of Dr. H. J. Stewart's
"Montezuma," the "Indian jinks" of
Mr. Redding and W. J. McCoy's "The
Hamadryads," each work conducted by
its composer.
The lirst public "jinks" of the Bohe
mian Club at the Tivoli on Thursday
afternoon promises to be" the kind, of
success that the good "jinkers" of the
club claim for the Guerneville yearly
festivals. What might be called, the
progressionist party, in the club is in
consequence delighted. For years the
"splendor, majesty, artistry, etc.," of
the "jinks" : festivals have had to be
taken entirely on trust by the unini
tiate. Guests of the club have hymned
their praise to the farthest corners of
the earth, but the local alien "knows
just as much about the festivals as the
war correspondents know about Port
Arthur.
But he is invited on Thursday af
ternoon. On Thursday afternoon the
Bohemian Club will attempt to make
good a part of its claim to considera
tion as the local center of light and
learning. For the first time there Will
be heard some of the "music dramas"
that are its particular pride, and every
body that can get a ticket is invited to
judge and enjoy. The grove, the fam
ous redwood grove, the majestic "suit
able surroundings of the original pro
ductions," will not be there, nor the
costumed chorus and soloists. But
everything else is on the programme.
FOUR SLAYER'S
FACE JUDGES
BALLIET SUED
FoR ACCOUNTING
CHIEF SUSPENDS
TWO POLICEMEN
MAYALL TURNS
TO CHINAMAN
BOHEMIAN CLUB
JINKS A WAITED
WITH INTEREST
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY. AUGUST 30. 1904.
14
Danflnm It a comigioas dlscue csssea by ¦ micros*.
(3OINC*! GOING*!! GONE 111
HiJfiaoE inuTuicTT. ¦cinciai «u un it. too im rcn flEMtsos.
jP^ /•* at j t» 4^n%* C« i/r worthless, but rot many cf tfiem were tftslrredly
MUN I vRY rA5\Gi -so Chronic baldness is mruiaMe but its fore-
j • runners, dandruff. Itchlnj: scalp and teKtair half
The thtre mention *-f "h»lr retaedy" throws some can be cured by stopping the microbic jrowth witii
men into a f.t of unrea*otvaMe Incredulity. It Is Newbro't Herpicitle. It prevent* i.-ir.f «ct-on
true that before t^e microb!c ©rljjin of baldness Money back if urnat'sftctory. Denc^t?ul hair
was discovered that most hair remedies were <Jre«sir»£. Stops Itchlnsr of scalp lns'ant!y.
Oraj Sixn, $1.00. Stna 10c, stops, h MBPIGIQE &0. C*pt B, DcirA «!:&., to s sjajJi
The ORIOINAI. rente* v that "kills the Dandruff Germ."
APPLICATIONS AT PBOM IHSNT OABBES SZ0P9.
MARKS BROS.
FOR—
TO-DAY and TO-MORROW
ONLY
THE BALANCE OF
FLAW'S STOCK
Must Be Sold
WE'RE HARD PRESSED FOR ROOM.
Remember This Sale
Closes To-Morrowat6 p. m
In order to make a clean sweep
of WAiSTS. SKIRTS, BED SPREADS.
CURTAINS. TOWEL NG. BLANKETS.
DRY GOODS. WRAPPERS, et;..
we've marked these goods to sell at
40c °- "" Dollar
HERE ARE PRICES THAI
TALK FOR THEMSELVES
u IQn LINEN CRASH
m 13b PETTICOATS.
In this lot you'll find Accordeon
Plaited Petticoats; regularly sold
for 75c.
A splendid lot of Silk and Leather
Belts that formerly sold for 50c up
to 75c.
uQEa PERSIAN
fll 3 JU LAWN WAISTS
This lot of White Waists were all
popular sellers at $2.50.
it ftQp P£RCALE
fll Q3b WRAPPERS.
You don't want to miss this money-
saving special. This lot of Wrap-
pers sold upward to $1.50.
n |E n NECKWEAR
fll Uu NOVELTIES.
In this lot you'll find Tucked Ber-
thas and Point Venise Stocks that
formerly sold for 50c.
it t\ AR ALPACA
Al $l/hJ WAISTS.
Stylish Waists in Black and White
only. Marked down from $3.00.
., jfip LEATHER and
Al »UU BEADED BAGS
You'll find Bags cf every descrip-
tion that sold tin ward to St. 00.
MARKS BROS.
The Home of Honest Values.
1220-1224 MarKet Street.
On AH Purchases of $ 1 .00 or
Over There Will Be "Something
Doing" To-Day to the Amount of
$ 1 .00 Free.
Choice Specials for Tuesday Only
THIS will give you only a little idea of the splendid
specials that will be in order in our various departments
to-day. It is impossible to include any great number
here. You must visit the store to see and appreciate them.
Berlin Saucepot, 59c Children's Handkerchiefs
This is a Royal Granite Steel n_. EACH —A well wesrins
Berlin Saticenot. which has jP lawn h ? n < lkcr cniet with
never sold for less than qoc. bin ¦ " arr < nv "enishtched W-
as the extra special of this de- d er. This is made especially for
partment for to-day we have re- the children and is considered a
duced it to =;gc. phenomenal value at the price we
__. '.-»,. are selling. We will sell »hem
Women s Collars at 50c a dozen.
4*\ each— a fine 2; c pa- Extra Good Values in
I^2C r ri si * n c ?\ ored K ov^r silk Finished Black
' Collar, with tab effect. D-,,,-^11-. . r*l^*K
This is an extremely pretty one FTUnella CIOtf\
and made to set off the shirt 44 inches — $1.25 value for $1.OO
waist. There is onlv a limited 52 inches^?!. 50 value for §1.25
quantity of them. 52 inches — $1.75 value for S?1.5O
Cream Prunella Cloth
50 inches — Made especially for coats, skirts, etc.. and which sells
regularly for $2.oo, can be had to-day at J?l ••*><> a yard.
I ALWAYS RELIABLE j
** 1238* 1250 IVIARKET STC3&
ADVERTISEMENTS. ,
JBMJMr^ J JEjjT ed with bar- tMl/"
ISsgUn^ B& gains. Thoroughly depend- «BT«b
/"? ssi BS nes?ular Economy v||l /^S^^shmH
I iMl $5.5<rParlor Table, quartered &C«fi|H
s^SCSeS nsf « " £* o rzc\ Cut Iran H
MsfiJH t^ffit fsi $9» 50 HaF^jBiBW
$ yard w»k^ JoScs
215i259 GEARY ST. ®W¥HE SQUARE