The Sunday Call Magazinestarting to his feet and striding^ out
"Do not move. I will lose no time."
He went away, and was gone, as she
thought," an interminable time. Dis
tressed to the last degree, the victim
of an agitation she could not control,
Esther rose from her seat and re
strained herself with difficulty from
following him. She counted the min
utes of his absence, and losing reckon
ing, she started to count them again.
The suspense was intolerable. When
the Count returned he told her with a
laugh that he had hot been a full min
ute away.
"Yes, yes," she cried, entreaty writ
ten In her pleadlng^eyes. "but Arthur,
my husband, what has happened- "
"Absolutely nothing, madame! It is
Just as I thought. The Prince had
gone to the station when you were ta
ken from the house. He. is perfectly
well and approves of what I have done.
You are to accompany me to Cadi with
out delay. He will follow as soon as
may be."
She would have said, "Thank God!"
but something: in the Count's manner
alarmed her; and ' searching his face
with her shrewd eyes she told herself
that he lied; and so she did not say
a word, but turned from him like one
who must be alone with her grief.
They found a traveling carriage at
Merens and a sturdy team of horses
to drag them across the pass. Esther
thought their progress all too leisurely;
but the road was steep and winding
and the hussars were in no hurry. It
was four o'clock when they quitted the
village, and half-past five when they
crossed the frontier, which divides the
kingdom of Cadi from the territory of
France. Here h,a.d been set up a guard
station, and formidable officials re
garded the traveler with not a little
curiosity, though neither by word nor
gesture 'did they offer her incivility.
The country itself was singularly beau
tiful and less rugged than that atibut
St. Girons. Gentle grassy slopes showed
many a picturesque chalet or grazing
herd. Cattle bells Jingled in the silent
.glades. The snow peaks were far away
like a haze of fantastic cloud be
neath an azure sky. Such travel
ers as they passed spoke of a sturdy
race, clean and quick and busy. Anon,
the pass carried them into the heart
of a forest where giant trees filtered
the welcome sunlight, and many a
knoll and thicket might have borne
witness to an English summer.
The Comte r de . Foix, . riding - by
Esther's carriage, did not fail to point
out the natural beauties of the pass
nor to dwell upon them patriotically. „
"It is a' wonderful country," :he said,
"and I wonder that so few English vis
it it me"'for ¦aylng so, but
you are not aTpeople of ideas where
travel is concerned. , ...You go to , the
He did not appear to hear her, and
it was plain that he would not discuss
her history.
"Do you think I "should be sitting
here at my breakfast If. I. thought the
Prince was In danger?" he asked with
an honesty he meant to be transparent.
"You have been the victim of an im
pudent outrage; but the Civil Guard
will see that Justice is done. We make
short work with such fellows on the
frontier. The Civil Guard shoots them
patriotism. Our Prince has already
been too long away from us. I am very
glad to hear that he is returning."
She listened to him with eager eyes.
Arthur had already told her much of
his countrymen; but he viewed them
from another standpoint than this
flippant man of the world. The Count's
confidence, however, was greatly to
her liking. Even at the luncheon table
she would listen from time to time for
any sound upon the road which would
speak of tidings and the messenger.
She was not ungrateful to her compan
ion for his brave effort to divert her
thoughts and compel forgetfulness.
"I wish I could share your faith,"
she exclaimed dubiously in answer to
his repeated assurances; "but it is all
like a nightmare to me. Imagine it.
Count; I was married in Paris the day
before yesterday, and here to-day I do
not know whether my husband is alive
or dead." .
CHAPTER XV.
Arthur cf Cadi was too well ac
quainted with the character of hl3
countryjnen to doubt for a moment the
meaning of the attack upon 3t. Girons
or what the outcome of It was likely
to b3. No sooner had Martinez, the
steward, informed him that there were
horsemen at the gate of the castle and
that they were set upon an entry, than
he named them the servants of Fran
cisco Xavier and of that party which
was hostile to him in the councils of
his Government. None the less, his wit
was unable to say precisely what part
they had been hired to play; and while
he did not fear for his life nor for the
life of the woman he loved, he under
stood the hazard of the game and en
tered upon it with the courage of his
race.
"It would be. Alonzo of Vic-Dessos
and his band," he. said, leaping to hi3
feet and listening to the frenzied blows
upon the gate. "I had never thought
of that. Martinez. What, in God'3
name, do they want here?"
The steward answered with the quiet
cynicism which thirty years of that
dangerous servitude had taught him.
"They will tell you when they have
blown open the locte. Highness." h-*
said cynically. "Listen to that; they
are upon the drawbridge already."
It was at this' moment that Arthur
ran up hurriedly to Esther's room and
made such provision as he cpuld for
her safety. A. quick thinker, It oc
curred to. him at once that his old
enemy, the Duke, had struck this blow
with a Spaniard's subtlety and more
than a Spaniard's swiftness. Under
cover of these hired ruffians, whose
complicity could be bo Ifchtly pur
chased, he had veiled an attack which
opportunity elsewhere denied to him.
"As a friend of its owner," he said;
"you will be Interested in that place.
It is very old but very beautiful; the
house of a man who has done much
for Cadi. I am referring, of course, to
the Minister, the Duke of Montalvan."
Esther was greatly Interested. The
house he Indicated stood in a cleft be
tween hills with great woods In tiers
behind it and a pretty lake in the
hollow of Its park. Massive ramparts,
flanking towers, the keep and bastion
of a. castle justified its claim to great
antiquity. She wondered if Doctor
Xavier were there now. Her sense of
isolation was lost when she reflected
that she was at the gates of her bene
factor's house and that the night might
bring him to her.
"I should greatly like to see Doctor
Xavier," she said with animation. "It
is not a fortnight ago that he left me
in Paris. He was very kind to me in
England, as I think you know; I lived
more than six months in his house.
Of course, he would h~ very surprised
to see me. We said good-by like those
who will never meet again. Perhaps it
was not all so purposeless a3 it ap
peared. I have long ceased to think
about it—for I cann"' flatter .myself
that 1 am the subject of Doctor
Xavier's Intentions. You would under
stand that. Count?"
: "I can admit nothing," he said cava
lierly. "The man who leaves woman
out of his calculations is a poor fellow;
his political arithmetic cannot be worth
much. Let us say that the Duke did
not consider Cadi quite as amusing for
you as Paris. He would naturally re
member that since you say he Is your
friend."
"I have believed him to be so. Count;
a friend to me and to my husband."
It was a direct. Invitation to him to
speak; but the old diplomatist skillfully
avoided the dangerous ground. Esther
..could detect hesitation in every word
he spoke. :'.".'.
"Cadi owes the Duke much," he said
• reflectively,^--"perhaps her very exist
ence as a .nation. If she has>. been
saved from the French, it is Francisco
Riviera and the sirocco kills you, or
you hibernate at Biarritz and bewail
your gloom. Here in Cadi, yo-u may
take winter or summer as .you choose,
the snow on the heights, the roses in
f^ttie valleys. . There is no climate so
severe, none so 'gentle in the world.
Our invalids go five hundred yards up
to the hills and. laugh' at the doctors.
Consumption is unknown among us. If
a man coughs, he is a curiosity. We
are simple, gay, rich, hospitable to
strangers, and, as you will gather from
my words, . exceedingly modest. In
another hour you will see the city it
self; I hope it will be a surprise to
you; I feel convinced it will." •'
"At least, I hope to lind my husband
there," she exclaimed, caring little that
she interrupted him. "If Cadi puts an
end to my anxiety 1, shall always be
grateful to it."
"It can not fail to," ( he responded
gayly.
"No one is anxious in this country.
We shall not permit you to be the ex
ception."
She^ thought it to be an evasive an-
Bwer,- and was greatly harassed by the
persistency with which he ignored her
own position and the station to which
marriage entitled her. That his polish
ed manner concealed something from
her she had been sure since she quitted
Merens. Yet what it was or what subtle
conspiracy prompted his actions was
beyond her power to imagine. The
Count, meanwhile, had a hundred
stories to divert her and, presently
breaking off from them when they
emerged from the defile, he indicated
a house upon the hillside and asked her
to regard it particularly.
"It is my Uncle Jose who keeps the
Inn," she said, delighted at a chance of
airing a foreign tongue. "I have beeji
three years in England, miss, in Re
pent Park. Some day I hope to go
there r~aln. The English come to Me
rens when it is summer time, and I
speak to them. It is funny to hear
their Spanish, miss; they say, 'Si, Ei,
senorita.' and think .it means every
thing. Have you come from Garvar
nie? — no! Oh, but you should see Gar
varnie! It is the most beautiful place
in the world. And all the English go
there. Will you have hot water, miss?
Walt, then, and I will run!"
She raced away like a hare, glad to
be occupied, and mtrre particularly to
tell her friends below that miss was
really English. Esther meanwhile laid
aside her black mantilla— the robbers'
legacy— and when she had bathed her
face in clear, cold water and arranged
her disordered dress, she opened a fold
ing giass above the washing-stand,
and £0 beheld herself for the first time
Eince Phe had quitted St. Girons. The
change in her appearance both dis
tressed and surprised her. She had not
believed it possible that one night
could so alter or leave such traces of
its events. None would call her beau
tiful to-day, not even in flattery. The
ghastly pallor of her face, and the deep
black rings beneath her eyes, recalled
in an instant the Esther of seven
months ago, the Esther of the garret
and of the theater door. Nevertheless
she could not at tmce believe in the
truth which the glass disclosed to her,
and she said that such a punishment
of her imprudence would be greater
than she could bear. Was Francisco
Xavier but a charlatan after all! The
mirror could not lie. Esther buried her
face in her hands and. would not look
in the glass again.
This fit of despondency did not long
endure. There are depths of despair
which, when fathomed, leave the mind
calm and uncritical. Never from the
first had Esther wanted a woman's
courage, or proved herself unworthy
of that self-confidence, which is life's
Burest staff. Reflection told her that
no woman could go through what she
had gone through and come out' un
scathed. She was ill, weak, anxious.
Let there be good news from St. Girons
and the color would come back to her
cheeks, and the brightness to her eyes.
This Bhe did not doubt; and greatly
helped by her own good common sense,
the made what toilet she could and
went down to the calle a manger. Here
a tempting breakfast awaited her. Not
In vain had the little Spanish girl
epent six months in "Regent Park."
Tea was the national drink of England,
therefore it must be ready for the En
glish miss, and ready it was, poor yel
low stuff, boiling' and tasteless. But
the bread was spotless; the omelet, the
egtrs, the mutton, excellent. And to
these the Comte de Foix, who sat with
her, added words of good cheer. He
promised her to wait at Merena until
they had the news from the hills.
"It Is In my mind," he said, "that the
Prince was not in the house when these
rogues left it. Possibly he had gone to
the nearest post for assistance. If
that Is so, a few hours should bring
him to us. You must really make an
effort to get well before he comes,
madame. I have a great responsibility,
and it Is my duty to remember it.
Please to drink all the wine in that
bottle, and when you have drunk It I
will order another to be opened."
He pushed a bottle of white wine to
her, joining in her amusement at his
proposal. She was a little astonished
that he avoided discussing those events
of which she knew he was thinking
deeply. Here, as upon the highroad,
no mention was made of her marriage
to the Prince; and yet the omission
•was 6O discreet that she could not re
eent It. The Count displayed the ur
banity and the polish of a cosmopoli
tan. He had been much in England,
had raced his horses there, had shot
a Yorkshire moor, was a member of
half the Jockey clubs," and numbered
many acquaintances in the social
world. Esther could not help wonder
ing what he would say if he knew her
story, her simple life in the old
cathedral city, her bitter days of pov
erty and struggle. But she was quits
wise enough to say nothing about
them. She encouraged him to talk.
"I know all the cities cf Europe,"
he raid, with some pardonable vanity;
CHAPTER XIV. ,
IT was 12 o'clock when the
cavalry rode into the hamlet
of Mercns, and some quarter
of an hour later when Esther
herself arrived at tbe inn door and
was at once shown up to a splck-and-
Epan bedrocm upon the first floor. The
kindness of those into whose hands she
had fallen and this refusal to believe
that ill-news «f her husband was pos
eible had done not a little to restore
her strength; and although her wrists
were still red where the cords had
bound them/ and her cheeks had lost
their rosy color, her desire to be active
caused her to make light of these
troubles, and to assure the Comte de
Foix that all was well with her. The
inn itself stood a picture for the eye —
white and clean and conspicuous in a
pretty village. A little girl ,who had
crnce been in England, and was a great
celebrity thereby, attended Esther to
her room and could not do enough for
her.
Copyrirtt ty Max Pembertoa.
THIS is the third Installment
of "Dr. Xavier," by Max
I Pcmbcrton. Tbe story be-
JL gan In the Issue of August
7, and will be concluded upon
August 28. following "Dr. Xav
ier" will ap:>car "Anna the Ad
venturess." by E. Phillips Op
pcrtbcini. a story witli plenty of
action, life and color. As In the
case of "Dr. Xavier" "Anna the
Adventuress" will be published
In four installments, thus giving
to readers of the Sunday Call a
$1 60 book for 20 cents.
"but, really, I would change none of
them for this little provincial town of
Cadi to which we are going". It has
all the advantages of Paris, and is not
one-fifth the size. When there is only
one playhouse In a city a man does
not spend an hour In the morning ask
ing what he shall see at night Those
who are fond of old buildings discover
that our cathedral is as ! old as the
Romans. I suppose it is an advant
age to have things very old. especially
when one is referring to one's female
relatives and their fortunes. In Cadi
you go to a Roman church at 8 o'clock
in the morning and to an English race
course at 12. There is 5 o'clock tea at
Dumine's, one of the finest restaurants
in Europe; and for a fortnight at least
in every year Jean de Reszke at the
opera afterward. Our women are the
prettiest in the south there are so
many, of them that we do not quarrel.
We have a breed of horses which few
countries can surpass. If you like rid
ing you will . like Cadi. Tell me
that you paint, and I will show
you Murillo's masterpieces for your
models. If you sing there Is Felipe
Marcia, who will give you the execu
tion of an angel and the abuse of a
Jockey. Our people are quick in their
affections, but changeable. We cry
'Viva' to*nlght, and hang the man to
morrow. Duels are to be arranged at
all hours of the day and night. You
can get a man killed for sixpence, and
buy the Judge for threepence-half
penny. Perhaps that is why we are so
happy. A careless race, readily victim
ized by an adventurer — such a people
is difficult to govern. It demands many
qualities In a ruler — will, flrmnesp, an
appeal to Its romantic side, singular
at eight if it cannot catch them; a
rope is all they get when they are
taken. Come, let us forget if we can,
and go out into the garden. I will
chow you the hills above Cadi and w«
shall Bee my 'messenger coining over
the pass.". '..';.
His confidence was infectious and not
to be resisted. "She went with him to a
little garden behind the inn, and .there
beneath ' the ¦ shadow of a plane tree,
coffee was served to them, and they
delighted "In such a panorama of height
and valley and fertile fields as only the
Pyrenees can, show.' In the village,,
below them, hussars were gossiping:
with the maids. or loitering before the
windowlesa shop. The door of a.
neighboring chapel stood; open,,
and the peasants went in and qut,
as the musical bells called them.: The
quiet and repose of it all would have
appealed greatly to Esther If her que»
tion had been answered; but- it 'was
three o'clock before the horseman ap
peared at the height of the pass, and
half-pact three when he came clatter
ing _up to. the inn door. «. %
"The news is good or he would not
be in such a hurry," said Count,
She uttered a low cry and the veil
fell from her face. At the same mo
ment the carriage swept up to the
city's gates; guards surrounded it;
she heard many voices m arguments;
saw the lights and the life of the
streets beyond the barrier. But the
Moor had disappeared in the press of
the people. Esther knew not whether
he were friend or enemy. The shad
ows seemed to be closing about her
life. She entered her husband's city,
and it seemed to her that the gate
of some mighty prison closed behind
her as she went.
"I do not believe you." she replied
with great composure. "What has my
husband done?"
"He has married a foreigner, lady:
He has broken the law. Do not let
him return to his judges. They are
bringing you here because they know
that he will follow. Keer* him out
of the trap — they will kill him."
"That your husband must not come
to Cadi — I, Yussuf. know it. Keep
him away, lady; he must not come —
they will kill him."
She sat still, fumblins with the
veil about her face. From the first
this Moor had been a figure of !11
omen. Why should she pay any at
tention to such a madman's story?
Nevertheless, her heart beat quickly;
she felt that she must hear him to the
end. . ' .
Xavier who has saved her. I speak of
•matters with which you cannot be fa-"
"mlliar. There must always be one
dominating mind in the councils of a
government. A minority, of my coun
trymen has found that mind In the
person of the Duke de Montalvan. The
rest do not -think; they are children of
the sun, idlers, living to-day. An ap
peal to their Intellect goes for nothing.
You must appeal to their heart and
sentiment, and the scientific mind falls
in this. When the Prince returns, I
trust that we shall unite these factions.
His absence has been greatly resented;
but fortunately for him we have short
memories In Cadi. You 1 observe how
little I touch upon our merits, madame.
At the corner by the inn yonder I will
leave the city to speak for Itself, it
will not be very long now before you
hear the Duke in his own defense."
He spoke as one who would say.
"My duty is done"; and when he naa
reined but an instant to look bacK
at the road they had traversed, as
though to assure himself that none fol
lowed, he put his horse to the c ante j
and pressed on like one who would
overtake the leaders of the troop. The
cavalcade had entered a'pleasant wood
by this time, and many a shady glen
caught up the evening light and gave
an entrancing vista of grove and thick
et and the forest's heart. Beyond this
wood, where the trees opened out and
disclosed a stately avenue, there stood
a crazy Inn upon the hillside; and from
the plateau before its doors Esther first
beheld the spires and roofs of that city
wherein she was to suffer so much.
The sun was setting now. and It
flashed crimson stars from many a
window above the towering ramparts
and splashed with gold the lazy river
at the city's heart. The road itself
wound about the hillside like a silver
thread upon a field of green. Esther
could admit that the scene was a be
witching one, surpassing all that she
had imagined of Cadi and its capital.
The gentle hills, the bordering forests,
the multitude of houses, the spires and
turrets upstanding through the centu
ries, the hum of the busy life revealed
to her a world of which she had never
dreamed. And in this city she would
find the man she loved, would answer
those tormenting questions which
never ceased to present themselves. Of
other ideas she had none. Her own po
sition as the wife of Cadi's Prince must
not be remembered, nor would she per
mit herself to consider It. Esther be
lieved that she was going to her hus
band and that to-night she would find
him. All else must give place to this;
her love was predominating.
The Count had left her at the crest of
the hill, nor did she see anything fur
ther of her escort until the city's gate
was reached. The night fell suddenly,
as ever in the Pyrenees. A cold wind
swept down from the hills; lights be
gan to twinkle in many a homestead,
the Angelus rang out from every stee
ple. As the twilight deepened and
shadows fell across the road, Esther
became aware that some one had rid
den up to her carriage, and when she
turned her head, thinking it to be the
Count, and wondering that she had not
seen him fall back, she perceived, with
no little alarm, the white bernouse and
the ill-omened face of Yussuf, the
Moor. Very surprised to find him in
Buch a place, and, it may be, not a lit
tle alarmed, she wrapped" her mantilla
more closely about her face and sat
back in the carriage to avoid his
glance; but he rode up boldly to her
side, and bending over from the saddle
of a great black horse, he insisted upon
being heard.
"It is I, Yussuf, senorfta; please to
listen."
"What do you want with me?" she
cried— "why are you here?"
"Because I am your friend, lady."
"Yes. yes; then what do you wish
to sav?"
You must came back to the house witlivT;
"What!— to see you hanged. Do you ~
know that if I raise my voice I can
bring the guard? Let me give you a
little advice, Ramon of Vic-Dessos—
Arthur said at once that his marriage
was the key to this open declaration
of hostility. That they would, if they
could, • carry him to Cadi, there to
answer his enemies in the city, he
never doubted; and it flashed upon him
that he must outwit them at any cost,
even at the cost, aa it would appear, of
cowardice and flight. Thi3 was in his
mind when he commanded Esther to
lock her door. If he could but reach
• the guard at the post upon the sum
mit of the pass, this bandit's crew
would get short shrift and the rest
would bo easy. Thus it came about
that, risking all upon a su
preme venture, he fled from the
house to - the stables. and brid
ling the first horse he found
there he leaped upon his back and set
him at a gallop for the station en the
heights. Such a counterstroke was
not within the calculations of Alonzo
and his fellows. They had posted a
man at the stable sate, it is true; but
a slash of the whip across his face
sent him flying: from his saddle and
before he could recover himself
Arthur was a hundred yards up the
pass, and. roused by the outcry, hls»
enemies raced after .him In hot pur
suit.
An inexpressible tenderness toward
little Esther was the first Inspiration
of this wild ride. Since first ho saw
her in London, nearly seven months
ago, Arthur had found her different
from all other women: had been aware
of a mutual sympathy which waxed
strong with the days and had cul
minated in complete abandonment to
the Impulses of a passionate affec
tion. If he had wronged her.
love must plead for him. At the
worst, he thought. Cadi could refuse
to recognize his marriage and leave
him his liberty. They would be exiles
together, caring nothing for that
which they had lost. This reality of a
momentous night brought home to
him in an instant the deeper respon
sibilities he had ignored. He began to
perceive that he was face to face with
an ambitious and a relentless enemy,
with one who could stand at nothing
which opposed his ambitions and hia
ends. Arthur knew that he himself
possessed none of those gift3 which
make the subtle statesman or the suc
cessful diplomatist. He had only a
man's good courage, a birthright to
the affection of his people; but these,
he said, might yet suffice. A certain
joy of that antagonism filled him as
he galloped wildly up the pass. He
knew that a woman had roused him to
effort at last. The oM indifferent life
was done with; he would remember
his manhood for Esther's sake.
We have said that a number of the
hlllmen followed him upon the pass;
hut of these several quickly abandoned
the pursuit, leaving such glory as was
to be got' to their more courageous fel
lows. The perils of the road might,
indeed, have deterred men of sterner
courage, for it was often but a bridle
track above the gorges, a ribbon wind
ing about the higher peaks. One stum
ble upon the snow, one false step, and a
man would have gone headlong down
five thousand feet to an unknown
grave in the black abyss below.
Arthur, a horseman from his very
childhood, cared nothing for the d;in-^
ger. The snow flying from his horse's
hoofs, the black shadows, tho cries be
hind him, braced his nerve an to sonia
combat of which the prize was liberty.
Yonder, high up above this world of
silence and the night, there flashed the
lights of that station which was
his goal. Let him reach its doors, he
said, and Francisco Xavier were an
swered indeed. He called to his good
horse and laughed at the sounds be
hind him. And yet they were draw
ing nearer — that thud of hoofs was
more clearly to be heard; the race
v/as not won. It had scarcely begun.
He had taken a horse at hazard
from the stable, Ignorant that the
beast was one of those which had
drawn the carriage from Foix that
day. Already overdriven, the rigors
of this road left it so utterly exhaust
ed that it3 brave gallop degenerated
anon into a mere canter and ultimate
ly was little beyond a trot. This
alarming truth came to the rider sud
denly at the very moment when he
was flushed with success, and drawing
rein because he must, he began to
think that the game was with old
Xavier after alL There below on the
winding road the first of his pursu
ers emerged from the shadows. Ar
thur knew not how many followed
him from the castle; but he perceived
that flight would help him no longer.
and saying that he would sell his life
dearly, he permitted his horse to walk
and so waited for the men.
This relaxation of effort brought
with it a clear understanding: of his
position and a darker side to a mental
picture from which he could not turn.
His quick survey of height and gorge
failed to inspire him with an idea.
Upon his left hand the rocks went up
sheer to their snowy peaks In the
azure above. No eye could find the
bed of the gorge below him. The
winding road shut out that flash of
the station's lights which so cheered
him five minutes ago. He believed^
that the end must be here and wheel-^l
ing his horse regardless of the peril,
he prepared to meet it. It was a mo
ment of intense- suspense, for he was
sn unarmed man and he believed that
many followed him from the house.
An intent ear, magnifying the echoes,
said that numbers trod the path. He
could scarcely believe hl3 eyes when
but one man emerged from the shad
ows and halted prudently. He was
but an advance guard, he thought —
and yet he was alone. As for the fel
low himself, he appeared to be a bur
ly hunter, thick-set and bearded. He
carried an old shotgun slung at his
waist, showed a belt brimming over
with pistols. Stumbling upon hia
quarry it were difficult to say whether
he were the more surprised or afraid.
"Halt there!" he cried with sham
bravado; "halt there, or I shall cer-
Arthur laughed contemptuously,,
and deliberately taking a cigarette
from a little gold case, he lighted it
and blew a cloud of smoke on the
still nlsht air. The moonlight showtd
the figures of the two silhouetted
against the silvered rocks. The silem-f
was intense. A stone falling to tiv?
gorge below raised echoes which had
the magnitude of thunder.
"Well," cried Arthur at last, "and
v.ho the devil are you?"
The mar., reining back his horse a
little way as though to avoid a fierce
onslaught) was so taken by surprise
that he answered truthfully:
"I am Ramon of Vic-Dessos. ser.or.
THE SAN- FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL?.
DOCTOR XAVIER
2"He has many friends, dear madame,
many friends, but they dare not speak
for him. Since the Duke returned,'
every one is afraid. The newspapers
say that Prince Arthur has betrayed
his country. The soldiers turn against
him .because they are bought, with
money; the women are jealous of you.
If he should return— but \ no,' he will
not do that, he is too clever, he knows
that they would kill him." ¦
it cannot be true that he has none on
his side."
a child's excitement. . And then lower- .'
ingr her voice she added, "We must not ; 3
speak of it, dear madame; -they are '
listening* to us." •¦•¦,. . i
• •"¦:.' •-. ¦ • * ''•¦•'.• •;'¦.'¦'¦¦¦']
They dined in en adjoining room, and' '
were- waited upon by. an old man
servant in a shabby uniform. The food i
was, excellent, the wine abundant.
From time time there camelup v to '
them from the adjacent courtyard the
sound "of troops , upon the march * and , : <
of . y bugles blowing, mingled ever and «i
anon .with " the \ tumultuous ' and more . ' *
distant cries' of a great" concourse of I
people giving tongue to its excitement. <
The omens sp«ke of a waking city and
couiu rciiiemoer, iuu, ioai ner lore*
fathers had been soldiers; and that If
imprudence had given her a youth of
poverty, none the less had kinsmen
of -hers carried their Queen's commis
sion' and laid down their lives in their
country's service. A mood of de
fiance buoyed her up. Come what
might, she determined that these peo
ple* should not find her afraid; and
when,- almost as soon as dinner was
done, Colonel Varez returned, she met
him .> with dignity, nor did she flinch
before his • interrogation. ,
; "Mada\ne," he said, "I must apolo
gize for this Intrusion."
She bov.*ed h£r head. He continued
rapidly:
"The Bureau of -Security has socie
questions to ask you, and their officers
are" here. I must c_. you to favor
them."
'She cut him short; the , quiet Irony
of her response amazed liim.
"I * am sure that the Bureau of Se-
Ctii was ablaze with lights when
Esther's carriage drove through Its
busy streets. It was the diner's hour,
and many a window disclosed an ani
mated scene, many a restaurant re
minded her of Paris. The avenue they
followed deserved Its title "boulevard."
Cafes and restaurants abounded- on
" either hand, electric trams flashed by
crowded with a prosperous poor re
turning to their homes. There were
broughams which might have appeared
without shame in Bond street, smart
phaetons hurrying from the parks,
well-dressed men and women walking
abroad as upon a summer's night. The
air itself blew soft and fresh, such an
air as one might breathe In England
upon a night in spring. Esther had
heard much of this city, but the reality
filled her with amazement. Spain, the
books told her. was an exhausted land;
Its people sunk in wretchedness and
bigotry, its ideals gone. Its art dead.
This mountain city, thrusting itself in
es a wedge between France and Spain,
gave the welcome lie to such an ac
count of Arthur's kingdom. The gar
ish shops, the stately houses, spoke of
wealth and luxury. There were
churches which • had all the massive
grandeur of a splendid antiquity, fac
tories, theaters, markets, tne solid wit
nesses to continued prosperity. Such
life and bustle helped Esther to enjjy
her own obscurity, and left her glad
that she v. as alone. From the moment
when the Moor had disappeared at the
western gate none challenged or ad
dressed her. The coachman drove dog
gedly like one who obeyed a distant
master; the hussars were left behind;
she entered the city like a Elmple tour
ist, and went on unrecognized to an
unknown destination.
Their way lay by the boulevard for
nearly a mile, and thence, quitting it,
carried them to a spacious park and ul
timately to the Prado, an open square
with a cathedral and a palace upon
either hand. Here Esther observed
with some Interest a gathering of the
people, which she imagined must be
waiting for the passing of some proces
sion or spectacle. It v.as quite out of
her thoughts that the idlers had come
together to witness her arrival in the
capital, anJ for some minutes she paid
CHAPTER XVL
"I bring you roses, dear madame,"
she said, "roses of Cadi. And I h*v«
news for you when you are awake.
Oh, please, it is 7 o'clock and I have
been to church."
She chattered ceaselessly. Cittto*
from place to place, now placing her
roses In the empty vases, now glvlnjr
Esther news which greatly surprised
her.
"They have sent to St. Girons for
your luggage; I think it has arrived.
Colonel Varex remembered it — he
frightens me, but he thinks of things.
Your friend, Madame Julia, Is coin-
Ing to breakfast with you. but then
we shall never be ready. Captain Pe
cha of the Hussars told ms — I am for
bidden to see him and so I so to
church. Have you ever met a friend
in church and tried to pray when he
was looking at you? You can't do it.
dear Esther — I've tried it often and
I know. It is quite, quite Impossible!"
The child's brightness was infec
tious and Esther found herself dress
ing and laughing at the same time.
She was the better for her long sleep
and when she looked in the glass she
was astonished to find that there was
a little flush of color In her cheeks
and that her eyes were clear and
bright. The morning itself broke
clear and fine. A fresh breeze lifted
the misty curtain from the higher
peaks; the air was so pure and rare
that the distant ice fields shone like
so many beds of Jewels. In the val
leys below them hills and woods
caught up the freshets of the dew and
were radiantly green la the morning
light. Nearer to her window the
quadrangle of the palace showed Es
ther a company of Infantrymen brisk
at their drill. Sentries stood at every
gate — tall fellows in v.h!te tunics and
silver helmets; a military Stind played
in the great square byth? cathedral.
The people wore a- ffay air and went
with buoyant step; there was no sign
anywhere of that unrest which had
disturbed the city yesterday.
"They think the Prince will come
to-day." Marguerite said, as though
answering an unspoken question, "but
no one quite know3 what v.-jl! happen.
My father declares it all depends upon
the army. Of course, thera are a
great many who wtould be loyal to
CHAPTER XVII.
She heard the hour of midnight
struck upon the city's clocks, and still
she did not sleep. The Indignity which,
had been put upon her must be re
peated again like some premonition of
evil of which the mind cannot free
Itself. She remembered that sha was
one against a nation, but would not
be dismayed thereby. Her love was
so honest, so loyal, that for a lover'a
sake she knew that she would drink
the bitter cup to the very dregs. Not
heroically but logically she could per
suade herself that she might yet win
her own liberty and her husband's:
for she was freeborn, and he but tha
servant of his people. A fitful a\e^
gave her many dreams at last. Sha
was In London again. In Paris, la
Switzerland; she knocked at the
theater's door; a voice called her in
the hour of her distress; she recreated
her bower of roses, slept In the path
of radiant moonbeams, perceived the
face of the Moor and believed him to
be near her. This latter hallucination
no common sense could baffle. As tn
London, so here. In a city of th» moun
tains, Esther declared her belief that
Yussuf, the Moor, watched her while
she slept, that the dreamy black eye»
looked down upon her from, the shad
ows, and that a silver lantern cast the
gold green rays ifpon her tired face.
Then as now the figure of the dream
left her unafraid. She could not *o
count for the faith which was In her,
nevertheless, since he had met her at
Cadi's gate she numbered this silent
Easterner among her friends, even,
it may be, desired his friendship. Tha
omen of the dream contented her.
She lay back upon her pillow, and
uttering a deep sigh she surrendered
herself to that spell she could not re
sist. Not since she had quitted
Switzerland for Paris in Franctsca
Xavler's company had such a refresh
ing sleep been hers. The morning
hours found her so still that she
scarcely seemed to breathe. Mar
guerite Desjardins. running: tnt© the
room at 7 o'clock, must touch her with
the hand before she opened her eyea
or answered that Impetuous herald of
the day.
The troopers conducted her to th»
door of her apartment and there left
her. The Iamp9 were still lighted in
the room, but little Marguerite had dis
appeared. In her place a shrewish wo
man, Spanish surely, offered Esther as
sistance. She answered that she did
not desire help, and dismissing the wo
man she locked her door and was
grateful to be alone. From the quad
rangle without no sound now cams up
to her but those of the moaning wind
and shivering trees. A mist had settled
upon the city and obscured its lighta—
the sentries paced the corridor with
measured tread. Ksther counted their
steps like one who listened to the
rhythm of an omen.
you will please consider yourself under
arrest."
She made no response. Her hind
fumbled with the lock. She would
not speak a word. They rose^ from,
the table and the younger man struck
a little bell.' "When the door opened
Colonel Varez entered and took in the
situation ct a glance. *
"You would have been wiser to an
swer the questions these gentlemen
put to you." was his suave comment.
"We desire to do you Justice, ma
dame. but you must be frank with us.**
"Your desire touches me!" she an
swered Ironically. "I have never met
so many friend3 of justice In one day
before."
"Madame," he said, "I thought you
would have been more prudent." •
She resented the suggestion of folly.
"Permit me. at least, to be the judge,
since I am the only one concerned!"
"Not so, madame: your answers to
night may concern another more deep
ly than you think."
"Then, since they are true, they shall
stand for him and for me— If the truth
Is of any value in Spain."
"Madame," he said. "I will see th&t
It is so. Do not blame me because I
do my duty."
He stood aside and she perceived that
two troopers had come with him to
the door of the antechamber. What
ever their presence portended, how
ever greatfy It alarmed her, Esther did
not betray herself even by. a gesture.
"Tou will not be permitted to leave
the palace until the Council has decided
your case," the colonel resumed. "Those
are my orders, madame — I am sorry
that I must enforce them."
"1 do not blame you," she said. "In
England we are not so very muca
afraid of a woman."
'"I do not understand It; \ It Is all , a
dreadful mystery to me, Marguerite,*'
she said, rising and going to the glass.
"Why have they brought me here if
they deny my marriage? Has my
husband, then, no friends left? Have
they all turned against him? Surely
England will not forget . me. I shall
return,, to my own. country and
tell my story. English people will not
judge me hardly. I am not af raid to
tell them everything." x
Marguerite shook her"head.
•If you could! "she exclaimed with
Englishwoman, and pride of race de
fied already this puny country and its
insignificant people. Far from desir
ing to avoid the Issue she would have
faced it at once, and her wish was to
stand before her judges and to ask of
what they accused har. Perhaps she
Esther stooped and kissed her. She,
began to perceive. If it were but dimly,
the true • danger 'of her perilous posi
tion. She knew now what answer had
been given to Gaudarez and his mes
sage. The city refused to recognize
her marriage. She blamed herself that
ehe had made such a • refusal S possible.
Her own hasty surrender to Arthur's
impetuous will earned this swift pun
ishment. She did not. hide it from
herself. ¦¦".-r- 7 ''- ¦" ¦-
lentless enemies surrounded her. What
would her own life weigh, she could
ask, against the - ambition of such a
man as Francisco Xavier? Nay, the
gloom of the palace' Impressed her with
a sense . of 'her own weakness and im
potency; and while she would admit
that she had been i foolish, no justice, .
she argued, could set such a price upon •
her folly.
; * "You must help - me to be brave.
Marguerite,"- she said.' "My friends in
a night of events; but Esther's
thoughts were far away, carrying her
to St. Girons and the mountain road.
She prayed j to, God with all the earn
estness she , could command ¦ that her
husband: had not quitted the castle.
For her own. misfortunes she cared
nothing. She did not : believe. In spite
of little Marguerite's convictions, that
any "greater harm could overtake her
In the city than that she had already
suffered upon her journey. She was an
"Very well, madame, your decision
will be reported in the proper quar
ter. We find you obstinate and inso
lent. It Is plain that you are not
telling us the truth. Until you do so
eurity is far too important to be kept
waiting," she said lightly. "Please let
the officers come , In."
He stared at her for a.moment with
cold, steely eyes, which seemed to ask
what such a . change of front might
mean; then, without a word, bade her
follow him. In an adjoining room she
found two men , seated before a great
table, with a single lamp between
them. They wore uniforms of dark
blue, their peak caps lay on a chair at
their side: one held a document in his
hand, the other a pen. When Colonel
Varez had left Esther with them they
subjected her for some while to shrewd
and puckered glances, and many min
utes passed before she was called upon
to answer. But she did not mistake
their vocation — they were police officers
she said. The man who spoke to her
put his question so abruptly and in
such a formal manner that she would
have laughed at him under other cir
cumstances.
"Your name -and age, if you please,**
he asked.
She started from a reverie and re
plied' with great composure:
"Since I bear my husband's name, I
call myself Esther de Medina Cell; my
age Is 23."
' Both the men looked at her with
heavy eyes which seemed to resent her
answer.
"Yes, that Is all very well; but your
English name, madame; we want that,
If you please."
"Then my name Is Venn — Esther
Venn, the daughter of Major Venn, an
English officer."
They wrote her answer down la
boriously with scratching pens. The
second question concerned her hus
-band.
"Be pleased to Inform us under what
circumstances you met his Highness,
Prince Arthur."
"I met him at the house pf my friend,
the Duke of Montalvan."
"You were the Duke's- secretary for
some months, I thlnk-*he employed
you,?"
"I was not his secretary: I was com
panion to his sister. It is true that I
helped him In his laboratory, but I do
not consider that I was his servant."
"The companion to his sister, but not
hia servant! And during your com
panionship, madame. you found the
means to become acquainted with his
Highness, Prince Arthur?"
"Not so; the Prince found the means
to become acquainted with me. He
was Introduced to me by Dr. Xavier."
"By whom, madame?"
Esther had forgotten that they were
not aware of the Duke's Incognito.
"By Dr. Xavier— the Duke; really,
you are very stupfd!"
They put their heads together and
discussed it In a whisper. When they
had written three or four lines upon
the paper, one of them continued:
'•No doubt you saw a great deal of
bis Highness, madame — he was much
In your company?"
"I saw him once in London and three
times In Paris before I was engaged
to him."
"Permit me to Buggest that you lost
no time."
"You may be as rude a«? you please; I
am quite defenselcr- "
"I beg to differ you; your an
swers are your besi ...ense. Be care
ful what you say, your words will be
.repeated before your judges."
"Is it necessary, then, to take all this
trouble?"
"It Is most necessary. We must un
derstand, madame, under what cir
cumstances you have inveigled his
Highness Into this absurd marrige."
Esther flinched at the base charge.
"When I am called upon to defend
myself, it must be before gentlemen,"
she said, hotly.
"Then you refuse to answer?"
"Absolutely."
He wrote it down upon the paper, ap
parently pleased at her obstinacy. The
next question concerned the place of
her marriage.
"We understand that a ceremony was
performed in the church at St. Eus
tache. • You are quite aware that such
a contract Is null and void in Spain?"
"I know nothing about Spain. From
- the little I have seen I am proud of
my Ignorance."
"We shall enlighten you, madame."
"Then please beg"In. You will find me
ft good pupil. I have much to learn."
"Remembering that some studies are
dangerous."
¦ "I do not forget it. Please to say
that I am an Englishwoman and that
I was married at the British Embassy.
Your judges will wish to know that—
I think they win be interested."
The men stared at each other a.lit
tle blankly. This was not the kind of
information they had come there to
procure. But It was written down,
nevertheless, in a flourishing scrawl
and with several blots.
"You were married in Paris, raa
dame, and you proceeded thence to the
castle of St. Girons. Was it your in
tention to remain there or to return to
your own country?"
"My intentions were my husband's.
They are still so. Really, you waste
time."
"We are not traVa hurry, madame;
there la plenty of time — perhaps more
than you desire."
"Am I to understand that you
threaten me?"
"If you compel us to— yes."
"And with what?" -
He shrugged his shoulders.
"With Justice, madame." "^
"That must be an unusual punish
ment In this country."
"You are Insolent."
"No, I am truthful."
The Spaniard put down his pen an
grily. He was not quick at repartee
and he could nrt ripost such fighting
, thrusts. Defeated and chagrined he
sa^ for a little while silent? then tak
ing up his pen again, he proceeded:
"If you were set at liberty, ma
dame, would you give us your assur
ance not to molest his Highness
again ?" ' -
"To molest his Highness! — my as
surance? Do you know what you are
saying ?"
"Perfectly, madame; we require
your assurance."
She rose from her chair with calm
deliberation. Her face was crimson,
but the shaded light did not permit
them to detect it. *
"Then you shall have_ it — here and
now: that I decline to" answer you
another word!"
Her temner left them amazed. She
had crossed the room to the door' and
tried to open it, but • it was locked,
and she stood there, tapping the floor
with her foot and In vain trying to
stifle her emotion. The two, mean
while spoke In low whispers. Present
ly one of them folded up the docu
ment/nBSB
Marguerite turned away her face.
"Yes, yes." she said; "but they will
not call you that in Cadi. Oh, I am
very sorry for you— I cannot tell you
h$w much! If one loves, one knows.
Please let me be your friend; you will
have so few in this house."
"PJeaso tell me who you are, and why
have they brought me to this house?"
She was answered as frankly:
"I am Marguerite, the daughter of
Gustave Desjardins, the French notary
here. My father Is the Duke's friend.
We have apartments in the palace,
and he asked me to help you. I know
that you are In trouble, my father said
so. The people have been -coming to
the palace all day— the soldiers send
them away. There have been dreadful
things Mone. They killed Ferdinand
Moretz in the market place this morn
ing. He was Prince Arthur's friend.
The newspapers say it is a revolution.
I cannot tell you everything. I should
be afraid."
Esther said she wished to be told.
"Do you know. Marguerite, that I
am Prince Arthur's wife?"
"I am sure you must be tired after
your Journey," she began. "It is such
a long way from Foix, and the roads
are so bad. Won't you come upstairs
at once? Your room is quite ready."
Esther was not sorry to escape the
prying eyes which watched her from
every side of the hall, and she went up
stairs very willingly. The bedroom to
which Mademoiselle Desjardlns Intro
duced her was almost as cold and bare
as the stone corrlder she had left. A
bed of ridiculously meager proportions
lifted a huge canopy of carved wood
almost to the ceiling. The dressing
table was in gilt, stiff and pretentious.
A Louis XV mirror above the fireplace
reflected the back of a marble clock
and of candelabras without lights. The
wardrobe was In satinwood. exceed
ingly handsome, but out of place. A
single strip of carpet, new and ugly,
covered a few feet of the parquet floor
at the bed's head. A glass chandelier
with unshaded electric lamps diffused
an unbecoming light. There were
painted figures upon the celling, but
damp and dirt had almost effaced their
outline. The one merit which the room
possessed for Esther was the fact that
she might call it her own; and no
sooner was the door shut than she un
loosed her wrap and sank Into a chair
with a sigh of deep relief. Mademoiselle
Desjardins, in her turn, did not attempt
to disguise anything. She stood at
Esther's side and quickly declared her
self.
"I am sorry for you— indeed sorry!
Is there anything I can dor*
Esther brushed back the hair from
her face, and tried If It were possible
to understand her presence In that place
and the significance of her • reception.
"Why should you be sorry for me,
mademoiselle?" r" asked disingenu
ously.
He turned to introduce a young girl,
who waited at his side — a mere child
she was, but indisputably pretty.
"This is Mademoiselle Desjardlns—
permit me to make her known to you."
Esther liked her face, and felt lest
strange for her presence. Mademoiselle
Desjardins herself did not hesitate ta
make advances.
He bowed and avoided the charge.
"The Duke will speak for himself,
madame," he said. "Meanwhile, every
thing in this house is at your disposal.
Please to follow this lady. She will
wait upon you."
"I have no alternative but to obey
you. The Duke, your master, can
scarcely wish to put any fresh affront
upon me. I am in his power, but I am
an Englishwoman."
•no attention to the group, nor asked
herself what Its presence signified.
Such Indifference the crowd did not
long permit her. Running with the
carriage, the outposts of the mob anon
began to Jeer and mock her, some cast
stones which rattled In the wheels
even well-dressed loiterers pointed a
finger at her and seemed to approve the
outcry. It was so sudden, so unlooked
for, so cruel, that Esther had scarcely
time to be afraid. The hussars coming
up at a gallop closed about her car
riage and beat the ruffians off; she
sank back, asking what it could mean
or what she had dont to these people
that? they should judge her so harshly.
Iron courage alone can stand against
the hostility of an angry mob — and
Esther, brave as she was, felt her
heart sink within her. Of what was
this the' omen; what fate awaited her
In the city which could so receive her?
The future loomed dark. Indeed — she
remembered that she was but one
again a nation, a helpless girl in the
hands of men without heart or scruple.
The hussars had come up at the first
alarm, and their presence. If it did not
quiet the rioters, at least left them
with no better weapons than their
tongues. Hissing and hooting, they
stood to let the carriage pass into the
quadrangle of the palace, and even
there Esther could hear their sav
age cries like the murmur of some
human storm drifting away upon
the breezes. Her own interests,
however, had passed to those
whom she must now face and to the
news which she believed awaited her.
The building at whose gate she stood
was of immense size, square in design
and freely decorated with canopy and
statue. A blaze of light shone out
from an open door; she perceived a
group of officers in uniform and al
most before her carriage had stopped
an elderly man, whose cuirass and hel
met were of silver, stood at her side
and offered her a frigid welcome.
"This is the palace, madam," he
said suavely. "I am Colonel Varez,
and I am commanded by'the Duke, my.
master, to welcome you in his name."
She answered him with dignity, for
she was determined that she would
show no fear.. She had never lacked a
certain stately grace of act and speech
and this did not desert her when 6he
permitted the colonel to help her from
the carriage and then followed him up.
a flight of stone steps and into a great
hall beyond. The barren grandeur of
this vestibule chilled her as with a sud
den breath of the night air.
Not a carpet, not a picture relieved
the monotony of Its marble decorations
nor save color to the cold stone in
which its many statues were chiseled.
Esther declared afterward that it was
as though she had blundered into the
hall of some national museum and
there had found herself face to face
with a whole army of obsequious foot
men who advanced together and bow
ed at her approach. Nor could such
homage deceive her. From the mo
ment of her arrival at Cadi's palace to
the final hour cf her sufferings there
she did not mistake the treatment she
received there, or fail to estimate its
meaning. Her humiliation would have
been* absolute, perhaps insupportable If
she had not reflected that It must be
brief. Belief in her lover sustained her
to the end. She answered the colonel
without fear or shame.
They rode back to St. Girons to
gether, recklessly and ignoring the
danger. A cobbing dame met them
upon the threshold and related, with
what coherence she could command,
the story of Alonzo's flight. Martinez,
the steward, showing a gaping wound,
added his tale and besought his mas
ter not to leave the house.
"It Is a trap. Highness," he said,
-nothing but a trap. Do not fall Into
It. You have enemies in Cafii — why for
get It? In God's name, I ask you to be
prudent."
Arthur answered them by ordering
a horse to be saddled.
"I ehall follow my wife," he said,
•let the road carry me where it will."
slipped risht under his enemy's body.
The trick found Ramon of Vic-Dessos
utterly at a less. Believing that his
antagonist was utterly exhausted, he
made a supreme effort, hurled his body
forward, lost his balance, and plunged
headlong to the depths with a lingering
cry. Arthur watched his body, it
seemed for an age. bounding from crag
to crag, until it fell bent and broken
into the shadows of the pit. Then,
reeling and dizzy, he turned to call his
horse. The captain of the station.
called out by the pistol-shot, answered
Arthur spoke and acted like one who
enjoyed some paltry Jest; his contempt
provoked the hillman to a frenzy of
rage and panic. Vainly he bent down
from his saddle and would have
.gripped his antagonist by the throat,
but sure hands kept him back; he could
feel them like Iron about his ribs, and
his startled horse plunging forward he
fell heavily upon the very brink of the
abyss. An arena more hazardous never
invited wrestlers to the contest — upon
the "one hand the rocky wall, upon the
other the frightful precipice. Of
this, however, neither stopped to
think. They were locked together
henceforth, arms binding arms, nails
gripping the flesh, sweat upon their
faces, their muscles like cords; feet,
loins, and thighs wrestling for the mas
tery. Life was the stake they played
form — Ramon of Vic-Dessos, that the
guard might not shoot him at dawn;
the Prince, that Esther might not wait
for him in vain. And eo they rocked
to and fro. now against the sheer wall,
now so close to death that one touch
would have sent them do-.vn together.
Jagged rocks, uplifted in the cascade
below, awaited the issue. One would
feed them anon.
It had been plain from the first that
. the peasant was the stronger man; and
that If his grip had been eure, his
strength must soon prevail. But Ra
mon of Vic-Dessos had been taken at
a disadvantage, and having but little
purchase upon his antagonist, he could
but force him toward the abyss by that
'cheer strength which the mountains
gave him. Inch by inch and foot by
foot he appeared to be accomplishing
his purpose. "With death staring him
in the face, and a death terrible to con
' template, it was singular. Arthur would
say, that he should think less of what
such an end might mean than of the
home he had quitted and the young
wife waiting for him there. So much,
in truth, could the name of Esther
nerve him that his wits were with him
t« the er.d; and even when it seemed
that nothing could save him from the
abyss, he remembered a trick he had
learned in the Sal'.e d'Armes at Paris,
and had the courage to employ it. Ex
erting all his strength for a brief mo
ment, h? as swiftly relaxed every
rcuscie. and sinking upon his knee he
"Come, now, Don Ramon, you will
certainly shoot yourself! Do you not
know that pistols are dangerous things?
I must protect you from yourself. Get
down now If you value your precious
life!"
Such a threat, so^unlooked for a re
versal of the parts they were to play,
Vrt the hillmao speechless with sur
mise. For a little while he sat unable
to utter a word, and it was not until
he perceived that his horse was actu
ally being backed toward the edge of
the precipice that he snatched a pistol
from his belt and tried to cock it. But
he was clumsy and maladroit, and a
heavy blow from the butt end of Ar
thur's riding whip sent the weapon
from his grasp. It discharged as it fell
and a loud report echoed through the
hills.
"Come, now, rascal!" he cried. "I am
in a hurry. Go back before I flog you—
do you hear me?"
«ret horn© to your bed before I throw
you down the gorge!"
He did not wait for any reply, but
leaping nimbly from his horse ran to
ward the man and seized his bridle
¦rein.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALI1
They were almost the words which
the Moor had used at Cadi's gate, and
Esther could not turn a deaf ; ear, to
them any longer. She did not ask how
It came • about that > she had won , the
friendship of -this mysterious . Eastern.
Enough to know that he spoke the
truth— that the trap indeed stood open,
and that the end was near. Helpless
ness could but , : add to her/self-re
proach. Reason told her from the first
that she was a Drisoner In the city: re-
3Night had fallen upon the sleeping
city, a glorious nifeht of a southern
winter, with an azure heaven of stars
above and the gentle breath as of a
summer eve upon the shrouded earth
below. In Cadi itself the unrest which
had troubled the capital for many days
appeared to have subsided. The va
garies of parties ended for a moment
in a truce of doubt. None believed. that
the Prince would return. A higher
tribute was paid to his wisdom.
This had been the state of things
CHAPTER XVIIL
and at the gates of: the citadel. The
cafes took down their shutters and
lighted their lamps; throngs went
hither, thither, singing national aira
or crying for the Duke;. the tocsin bell
in the cathedral tower boomed out its
deep and heavy note. And this bell
waked Esther in the palace. She lay
for a long time wondering if it were
the morning call to prayer, or why,
If it were not, she had not heard it
yesterday.
. She was not conscious at first of
other events, nor did the omens reach
her ears. Tha*t deep, booming bell,
reverberating and mournful, prevailed,
above all other sound; and it was riot
until she had listened for many min
utes, her eyes shut and sleep still
wrestling with curiosity, that she dis
tingulslied the greater uproar, and be
came aware that the city waked. From
this moment a medley of alarms pene
trated to her silent room. Now it
would be a clatter of hoofs, a jangling
of arms in the square before the pal
ace; or again the bugle's blast and
the rolling of the drums. By and by
she began to distinguish the fervid
cries of the senseless mob. She heard
her husband's name,' uttered in deri
sion. She could distinguish the shouts
following many a minister on his way
to the' citadel. She was aware that
many cried for the Duke, and that
he was the hero of the night. If the
palace had accustomed her to the hys
terical attitude of this passionate peo
ple, nevertheless the hour and the cir
cumstance mystified one freshly waked
from sleep and forbade her to guess
the truth. J3he rose from her bed
under the idea, it may be, that she
had slept over long and that curtains
shut ouLtofthe day. When she drew
them back the distant panorama of
peak and pass was enveloped in
darkness, and she could not dis
tinguish even the icefields on
the summit. But the. city Itself
was like a great caldron, whence
tongues of golden light cast their Iri
descence upon the curtain of the sky.
A thousand torches now blazed In
the hands of the rioters. So brightly
was the . sky ¦ illuminated that you
could follow the moving throngs from
place to place and Bay when they
halted and when they marched on.
And loud above air the- ur>roar one
name was to be heard. Esther turned
quickly from the window when she
heard It. Her dread of this had sur
passed all. She knew that Arthur had
come to the city — she believed that
he was already a prisoner.
The mob ran hither, thither, for
fully an hour, oftentimes without pur
pose or again rallied by the bibulous
eloquence of half-intoxicated dema
gogues. In the end. one of these led a
multitude to the palace, and^ defying
the' sentries by numbers, the rioters
pressed in to the" quadrangle and
grouped themselves beneath Esther's
very 'windows. 4 There, Avhen they
were not crying insults upon her name
they fell to cursing: her husband and
clamoring that jshe should show her
self to them. She had no knowledge
of the Spanish . language nor of that
patois, half French, half Spanish,
which was spoken in Cadi; but the
demeanor "of those who Insulted her
was. not to be mistaken. Their voices
i The mob had fled; reluctant as she
was to credit her ears, this miracle
was the truth. Drawn away by some
sudden and more 'potent appeal to
curiosity, the rioters flocked like sheep
toward the doors of the cathedral and
there, gathering In serried ranks, they
uttered a new name and waited for a
new face. { It was that of their Prince,
then riding to the northern gate and
proceeding under escort to the citadel,
and, asking why the people had gone
away, t she rose at last from her bed
and put on her dressing-gown. It was
very cold in her room, and when she
turned up the electric light, but three
globes of twenty were left unshattered.
The long windows opening upon the
veranda had been utterly wrecked by
the stones. Curtains were torn; tables,
chairs and carpet powdered with the
glass the volleys had crushed; but the
broken casement gave her a clear view
of gate and courtyard, and from that
place she beheld her husband upon his
way to the citadel, and, seeing him, she
understood the miracle.
It was a weir picture, distinct and
unforgetable. Countless torches, cast
ing their bountiful rays upon upturned
faces and looming .'buildings, and all
those serried ranks of expectant" people
gave a scene to whlcn night lent its
cloak of/ mystery. The tocsin of the
cathedral still rang mournfully; cries
rose and fell in the moments of waiting
like the murmurlngs of storm. ,But
clear above the figures of the multitude
were the horsemen In their gold cui
rasses, the pennons of the lancers, the
gate. Circumstances justified her worst
apprehensions. If the mob broke into
the palace she did not doubt that it
would kill her without pity. She
quailed before the outburst, scarce
daring to breathe or move. Anon
words were not sufficient for her ac
cusers and the mob ceased to be con
tent with curses and defiance. Some
one cried out that the palace would
be taken and upon this a volley of
stones smashed the heavy glass of the
windows and sent debris of jagged
glass and, splintered woodwork i» a
shower about her bed. ,For a moment,
perhaps, she did not quite realize
what had happened so loud was the
uproar when the windows were bro
ken, but the crashing sounds, the cur
rent of cold air, the cloud of dust
within the room quickly undeceived
her. She had the idea that men were
climbing up the veranda and would
burst in upon her presently to take
her life. Stones rattled upon the case
ments like hail which a - tempest
drives; she could hear the thunder of
voices, raging and fearful, and this
ferocious hate affrighted her more
than the dread of death. Had the
mob been accusing an oppressor It
could not have roused Itself to a
greater fury than that which it now
vented upon a defenseless girl. Es
ther suffered" a torture of doubt so
enduring' that she did not believe any
mere physical pain would be com
pared with it. When the clamor
ceased as suddenly as It had begun
she • hid her face In the pillow and
would not believe that such a miracle
.had come to pass. Her limbs were
cold and trembling. She thought still
to hear the voices; the darkness shap
ed new mysteries for her.
• . " • • • • • . ; • ¦
believe that his regrets were unreal. A
man of few words, he continued to re
peat his apologies, and so earnestly
that she accepted them without ques
tion.
"I have been more frightened than
hurt," she admitted candidly.- "Of
course it was very alarming. It will be
time enough to-morrow morning to ask
what I am to do. Please be careful or
you will cut yourself with the glass; it
seems to be everywhere."
He flung the door wide open and in
vited her into the antechamber.
"I will order them to prepare another
room at once," he said; "meanwhile,
since we are all so very much awake,
perhaps you would allow the Duke to
add his apologies to mine. He Is wait
ing in the salon, madame. He drove
here at once when he learned what had
happened."
The news was the best that Esther
could have heard. Her desire to meet
Doctor Xavier face to face had been
with her since she crossed the frontier.
Rightly or wrongly, she hoped much
from that friendship by which both
fortune and troubles had come to her.
Francisco Xavier would never range
himself finally upon the side of her en
emies, she argued; and so she followed
the colonel with confidence, not a little
excited and not a little glad. The sa
lon to which he conducted her was
light enough for her quick eyes, and
she recognized her benefactor at once —
a cloaked figure In the shadows. He
did. not rise to greet her, did not for
the moment appear aware of her pres
ence; but, instructing the colonel brief
ly, desired him to withdraw.
"I am engaged for an hour, Varez—
admit no one."
The soldier saluted and withdrew,
and when the door was shut and Es
ther had advanced a little way into the
room, the Doctor put his hand upon a
switch by his chair and instantly
flooded the room with a blaze of light.
"Come here, camarade; come here
and let me have a look at you!"
Esther had never known what It was
to disobey him, and, despite the some
what brutal masterfulness of his de
meanor, she crossed the room and
stood before him, while he, throwing
himself back in his chair, regarded her
closely.
"Yes," he said slowly, "as I thought
—the petals fall but the flowers remain.
Do you know that a month has greatly
changed you, camarade? Time laughs
at ' our little schemes, I see, and yet
time is sometimes wiser than we.
When politics give me time to return to
my laboratory, I will set down time
and trouble among my enemies." .
He appeared to muse upon it, clasp
ing his hands and upclasping them
several times before he could bring his
mind to the present circumstances.
"Let me see; it is not twenty days
since I left you in Paris!" he resumed
at length; "much has happened since
then, camarade — for one thing you
have been very foolish; for another,. I
have been premature."
Esther protested; the first word she
had spoken to him.
"Why. did you leave me?" she asked,
a little passionately; "why did you
bring. this trouble upon me when I be
lieved you to be my friend?" •
He had expected her reproach, but It
did not distress him. After all she was
but a pawn in the great game he had
It was all a rodomontade, false and
sham. Madame Julia had hot been to
church that morning, and no messen
gers had ridden out to the hills; indeed,
the deception was as childish as it was
unnecessary, although if achieved its
baser purpose of inflicting pain upon
Its victim. Had Esther known her own
mind less well, she might have suf
fered a certain humiliation in remem
bering how little worthy she was of
that station to which marriage had
lifted her. But this was far from be
ing the case.
"Doctor Xavier must come to me,"
she said firmly, "and I shall then be
able to explain everything to him. I
do not think you will prevent Arthur
riding in. What happens to me does
not matter at all. I shall try to do
my duty, Julia; it would be no com
pliment to your country to believe that
its men are cowards — at least, 'until
they prove themselves bo. There are
other ways of telling people in London
— perhaps I shall find one of them."
Julia could believe no such thing.
"You poor child!" she said, "how
little you know— how very little!"
With this and other vague consola
tions she took her farewell. Esther
saw no one else that day, not even little
Marguerite. The night found her
searching the distant hills with anxious
eyes. Would Arthur come? Had they
warned him? What would to-morrow
bring? She could not tell. Slowly but
surely the ordeal was robbing her of
her. will and resolution. She drew the
curtains reluctantly at last and shut
out that dim vista of the range and
pass which, stood up bo formidably be
tween herself and liberty. The palace,
itself, was as silent as the grave. She
might have believed, but for the sen
try's footfall, that ahe was the one
living being within it ¦ \
much beloved here, but love does not
rob a people of their pride. The Span
ish faction chose Arthur's wife for him
a year ago; they wished him to marry
into the royal house. We knew that
they would be disappointed. If this
were a great European country, all the
nonsense they talk would be intelligi
ble; but it is only a province, child, not
much larger than one of your English
counties, and they are making them
selves ridiculous. The worst of it is
that while they are ridiculous they are
not the less dangerous. We are true
Spaniards in pride and temper, as Ar
thur will find if he puts his head into
the lion's mouth. I do not believe he
will do any such thing. Francis has
sent messengers to the hills, and they
will stop him. That was my prayer be
fore the altar this morning— that our
friends may be in time. I dare not
think what would happen if he should
come."
He appeared to rouse himself to some
warmth of regard for the friend -who
was in danger, and Esther, reciproca
ting his interest gladly, did not fear to
be grateful.
\ "1 was sure from the first it -would be
that," she said, excited already by his
implied promise. "You did not coma
here to speak of hla past; you came to
tell me that you are hla friend. Every
thing else is waste of time. Arthur
has always such faith In you. I know
it will be justified! You can save him If
you will, Doctor Xavier!"
She looked him straight in the face
like one who would trust him without
question; but he could -not meet the
gaze of her ardent eyes, and she knew
then that aha had been premature.
"I did not come here to speak of
your husband's past — true," he said
slowly; "that will speak for Itself, and
It must be heard, camarade. Let us
continue with our confessions; they
may culd» us to a better understand
ing. When I first perceived, in London,
that you had Interested a man whom
many women had tried to interest and
failed, I dismissed the observation as
a fallacious one. The circumstances.
I said, were unreal, the impression
false. You ask me why, and I will tell
you as bluntly. We are a superstitious
people and the vulgar among us find
our consolation In a lie. Our* religion,
which ia the people's life, conveys
many truths of human nature; one of
them la the truth of womanhood and
maternity which wo embody in that
gentle figure we call 'The Virgin of
Cadi.' From the earliest days until
this nineteenth century our painters
have vied with each other in beautify
ing that figure and perpetuating it. I,
myself, stand apart from superstitions.
I believe that they have their place in
the human scheme. I neither mock
them nor accept ihem. And yet I will
confess that there was a day in London
when, had I been a superstitious man,
I should have found an omen for my
guidance. H was the day upon which I
met Esther Venn in the manager's
room at the Casino Theater."
He paused as though waiting for her
question, but ehe answered nothing,
and he resumed:
He rested his arm upon the table a.n<3
searched her eyes with his own a3
though to catch her closest thoughts.
"I answer neither 'yes' nor 'no,* he
said frankly; "with any other than a
Medina Celi, I would have said 'yes.'
But I know men, and I am beginning
to know women. Let me read your
thoughts for you, camarade. You are
saying that I inveigled you to my
house. that this intrigue might help me.
Is it not so — ah, see how your sex be
trays you! Behold the conspirator
against whom such things are
charged."
He laughed softly at his own humor,
and, the bright light appearing to
trouble him, he turned out the lamps
again until but one was burning.
"No," he resumed, "it was not that,
my friend— I pledge you my honor. I
took you to my house that I might
gratify a curiosity with which my la
boratory troubled me. I found you a
willing worker— let it be admitted. You
have helped me to say that, under cer
tain conditions, what we call beauty
lies within the reach of every woman.
To-night I go a step further and dis
cover how elusive that possession Is.
I say that twenty hours of trouble will
undo the work of many months. I
find you, camarade, as I found you in
London; but I am honest enough to al
low that you are still a beautiful wo
man, perhaps more beautiful because
you are yourself. So does grief play
Its part; but my secrets are yours, and
when grief is forgotten the gift will re.
main. Whether that day is near or
distant depends largely upon your own
common sense. It would be unflatter
ing to your sagacity to remind you
that your precipitate haste has
wrought great mischief both for your
husband and yourself. Had I foreseen
it I certainly should not have left you
with him in Paris. As It is, I say that
there is no time to be lost. We must
save him, i you and I, camarade — save
him from himself!" * ~ t :'
"I left you in Paris because my own
people had need of me. Do me the jus
tice to admit that it was an excellent
reason. I saw m$- country neglected by
the man in whom she had put her
trust, the victim of charlatans, the tool
of France, and I knew that I could
save her. So I returned to Paris— the
occupations of my leisure were forgot
ten. If I am to-day, as yesterday, the
servant of science, devoted heart and
soul to the tasks which nature sets me.
duty has a greater claim. You, last of
all, will blame me for that; I am here
as a patriot — I have no other interests.
That is my story in a word. It Is a
simple story, camarade — as simple as
the story of your own misfortune,
which I am waiting to hear. Please sit
down and tell me all about it; I can see
that you are very tired."
She sat. as he directed, in a high
backed chair upon the opposite side of
the table. The light shone down npc-n
her face and declared its pallor. He
thought her beautiful even in her dis
tress; but the beauty was her own and
owed nothing now to his art.
"Since you know that my story is a
simple one, why do you ask me to tell
it?" she exclaimed, a little petulantly.
"We are not children, and do not wish
to deceive ourselves. When you left
me In Paris you knew that I should be
come Arthur's wife. Your sister told
me as much — "
"Then my sister had done better to
hold her tongue— let us begin with that.
It Is the misfortune of women that
their economies do not concern their
confidences. They should be seen and
not heard, camarade. There should be
a decree of silence for them. My sister
had no right to tell you any such
thing—"
"Then you did not wish it, Doctor
Xavier."
played. He had still use for her. how
ever.
rose and fell like the thunder of an
angry sea; they terrified her, made
her afraid of herself, so 'that she
turned out the lights, in her room,
and, crouching in her bed, tried to be
deaf to the uproar and to shut the
picture of it from her eyes.
No realization of its monstrous In
justice could blind Esther to the folly
of that day upon which she had given
herself to Arthur in Parish This
overwhelming, malignant hostility
opened her eyes arid wrecked the pret
ty logic, which had buoyed her up
since the gates of a royal prison
closed behind her. She began to Bee
now how great a wrong she had done
the man she loved by surrendering to
his will. These people, she said,
would have been loyal subjects but
for that act of theirs, which had so
hurt their' pride and destroyed their
ambitions. And to this was added a
great fear, a fear of things unknown
and passing experience. Esther be
lieved that the mob would force the
palace gates and drag her out. She
cowered in the darkness, silent and
afraid. Every sound within the pal
ace, the sentry's footfall, the rustle
of a curtain, the creaking of a board,
would set her heart beating wildly. It
occurred to her cuick mind that this
visit might not be so accidental as it
appeared and that her enemies in the
city might have sent. the people to the
Some one knocked upon her door a
little timidly and she opened it, know-
Ing that help had come to her at last.
Her astonishment was great when she
discovered that her visitor was Colonel
Varez, anxious to apologize for that
which she had suffered.
"Madame," he said with unaccus
tomed eloquence, "I can not find words
in which to express my regret."
Esther had not liked this man, but
he had the air of an honest soldier, and
ahe would not do him the injustice to
helmets of the guards, and last of all
the figure of one who rode alone upon a
chestnut horse, and before whom,
meeting him thus face to face, his peo
ple fell to silence. Esther declared af
terward that she was conscious of Ar
thur's presence even before she saw
him. A passionate desire to go to him,
to stand at his side, to answer the peo
ple for him, mocked her helplessness
and filled her eyes with tears. Her
pride in him declared that he was a
worthy figure for the homage of a pop
ulace. Tall and manly, sitting his
horse. to perfection, his white uniform
catching the golden light, his demeanor
fearless and unconcerued, even the
multitude had the will to forget, and
many a voice which erstwhile . had
cursed now blessed him. Cheers broke
out and were with difficulty suppressed
by an obedient soldiery. Those who
had gathered stones dropped them
shamefacedly. Young men cried
"Viva!" and cared nothing for the con
sequences. The cavalcade swept by
unaccused by the citizens; but Esther
lingered still at her window as though
some miracle of the night would carry
her message to him she loved.
• ' • • • • • • . • •
Esther made no reply. The duplicity
of which she was the victim could not
be hidden either by civil words or by
these almost- vulgar protestations of
good-wllL When Madame Julia went
"Would you have me to believe,
then, that marriage Is a question of
life or death in this country?"
"There are other charges. He has not
been true to his position. He spent a
whole vear abroad — they accuse him
of extravagance— even of treachery.
But you shall hear it— I promise you,
you shall hear his defense. Ah, you
love him! and It will be a dreadful
thing to hear! But we must learn to
be brave: it is all that a woman-can
be!"
She had contrived In a few short mo
ments to insinuate that Esther must
euffer and that she was greatly
changed. Malice in the cloak of pre
tentious affection is ever an ugly thing.
Julia de Montalvan could not make it
pretty.
"So you are really his wife — yes, the
telegraph told us so. My brother pub
lished it at once in the newspapers. He
could not foresee that it would be so
dreadfully resented. Cadi is a little
kingdom, and its spirit is republican.
Imagine, my dear, the stupidity of a
free country which does not permit its
Prince to choose his own wife! What
does It matter if you are not of noble
birth or Spanish born! You have en
joyed my brother's friendship, and
that should, be enough. The city must
be lost to all sense of reason when it
behaves as it is doing — mobs in the
street all day and such dreadful things
done that I dare not tell you of them.
And now they talk of sending the
Prince to his trial! God help us all, I
say, and keen Arthur in the moun
tains! If he comes here he is lost!"
Esther turned the subject with, an
awkward question.
"I am relying upon Dr Xavier's in
fluence," she said. "Since it was
through him that I have brought this
trouble upon my husband, his honor
will compel him to help me. Were it
not for that, I should be distressed in
deed! But you must not ask me to for
get that the Duke is my friend."
Madame Julia took her handkerchief
from her eyes and looked at her a lit
tle suspiciously.
"My brother is the soul of honor,"
the declared. "You owe it to him that
you are here in the palace when the
Council would have sent you to the
prison. What he can do will be done.
You forget, my dear, that be has but
one voice; and that there are. many
against him. The Government will
hear nothing In the Prince's favor. It
says that his position does not put him
above the laws. My brother has worn
himself to a shadow In the cause of
friendship— it was such a dreadful sur
prise to him! He had left you in Paris
believing that you were going to be
very happy. You know how much he
valued your good opinion of him*— and
now it has come to this! Ah, my dear,
life is very cruel for some of us!""
"None the less," persisted Esther,
"Doctor Xavier can help me if he will.
I shall hope to see him here to-day."
"It would be madness for him to
come. He must not declare himself—
positively must not! What he can do
for you will be done when Arthur Is
tried— for his life, my child; I fear it
is for that!"
She dressed quickly and breakfasted
in a small room of that suite of apart
ments allocated to her in the palace.
Little Marguerite had promised her a
visit from Madame Julia, and this
came about swiftly after breakfast,
when a servant announced the arrival
of madame herself, and that loquacious
personage swept into her room and em
braced her with the ardor of an ef
fusive race.
"My dear little Esther!" was her al
most "tearful greeting, "that we should
meet l£ke this— that it positively shoVld
be you!"
Esther* suffered herself to be kissed
on either cheek; but ehe was not de
ceived by this clever actress, and she
listened to her hysterical chatter with
out emotion.
"I thank you very much," she said.
"Of course, I knew that you would
come."
Julia began at once to excuse herself.
"Ah, my dear child, that we should be
the cause of your misfortunes — we who
loved you so! I reproach myself bitter
ly! When I look at you and see how
greatly you are changed — when I re
member our happy days in Thonon I
hate myself for letting you go. But no
one would listen to me. I begged Fran
cis not to leave you in Paris — he would
not hear me! 'She will suffer for it,' I
said; I was wiser than he!"
Esther thanked her with a little
pressure of the hand and continued to
dress herself hastily. She did not dare
to tell this child how much those few
words of doubt meant to her. Her
own belief that Arthur would come
could not be denied — at the same time
she had but the vaguest ideas of the
laws wfliich menaced him or of the in
trigue which sought his downfall.
Destiny had caught her up in the
meshes of the net and nothing but a
miracle, she imagined, could set her
free.
Prince Arthur if they dared, but I
think he is too clever to come back
just now. The people will laugh at
the Duke if he does not come — some
of them laugh already. I shall run
here at once with the news if there is
any — I want to be your friend, dear
Esther!"
"Theygo'on a fool's errand!" was
the cry. "Some one has hoaxed them—
wait and see! They will look foolish*
by and by!" But others said: "It i3
certainly true; for the Duke has rid
deji to the citadel." ¦, The less probable
story gained ground every moment.
Excited both by the hour and the
event, a considerable mob' began to
gather in the market place and to
cry out for torches. Demonstrations
were" made before the Duke's house
when Madame Julia visited Esther at
the pala'ce: but as night wore on, it
happened that a messenger rode in to
the commanding general's quarters and
thence clattering through the city cried
his , news, whatever it was/ at the
houses of the senators and the minis
try. A majority of the inhabitants had
gone to its bed by this time, but a few
loiterers, hearing the bugle call ("boot
and saddle"), in the cavalry barracks,
were drawn thither by a waking curi
osity, and these passed the tidings to
others, the sleeping populace presently'
aroused itself, and the news went, -as
upon the wind, that the Prince had
crossed the frontier, and was riding
down to the northern gate. Such a
surprising turn was the very last
which the city had expected. Even
when cavalry ap'peared in the great
square and messengers passed breath
lessly from house to house, the most
sagacious were unconvinced.
on prvlngly to ask her of the wedding
ceremony at St. Eustache and of her
journey to St. GIrons, she answered
briefly and without Interest. Julia was
quite unable to disguise her own mo
tives. She had loved this man. The
day of his Judgment would be a tri
umph for her.
"We had begun to believe that he
would never marry," she said, aping
the slmpiicity of a child. "He has had
so many affairs. You must make him
tell you of them some day, though.
London knows more about his life
than you will ever learn. He always ad
mired , Englishwomen. At best the
court will declare your marriage invalid
and keep him a prisoner in the citadel.
I hope it will permit you to go to Lon
don and live there. We must always
try to put the best face on things! If
Arthur were really clever he would not
have come to Cadi now."
"Then he has come?" Esther asked
wildly.
"I wish that I knew. He may and he
may not. If he does, you shall be the
first to hear of it. Really, my dear
Esther, you will need all your cour
age."
She went on to reiterate her own
promises and to invent upon the spot
quite imaginary events as the witness
of her friendship. With tears in her
eyes she deplored the 1 absence of the
English Consul from Cadi. He had
gone to Switzerland upon a Jioliday and
was not expected back until the end of
the month. Her brother had visited
the consulate directly he received the
fateful news. He was both annoyed
and distressed at the Consul's absence.
"After all," she protested, "one man
can not persuade a nation. Francis is
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
Concluded Next Sunday.
4
ANNA
THE
ADVENTURESS
A Hig'lily Bi vertir&j* and Spirited Love Story Iby E.
Phillips Opperatieim Will Follow "Dr. Xavier"Will Irwin, co-author with Gelett
Burgess of "The Picaroons" (McClure-
Phillips). before taking up Journalism,
which Is now his profession, had a most
variegated life-experience. He lived In
almost every State in the West, and
earned his daily bread at a variety of
professions. By turns he .was cow
puncher, waiter, coachman, librarian,
actor and many other things for which
there is no specific title. He rubbed
shoulders with all klnd3 of people in
the under- world, and '"The Plcaroon3"
indicates how broad his knowledge is of
the rough West.
JOSEPH CONRAD has achieved
what is probably the most note
worthy descriptive style of any
author writing In English. He
has recently allowed .„- himself to
be quoted in regard to his literary
creed as follows: "It is only through
complete, unswerving devotion . to the
perfect blending of form and sub
stance; it Is only through an unremit
ting, never-discouraged care for the
shape and the ring of sentences that
an approach can be made to plasticity,
to color; and the light of magic sug
gestiveness may be brought to play
for an evanescent Instant over the
commonplace surface of words; of the
old, old words, worn thin, defaced by
ages of careless usage. The sincere
endeavor to accomplish that creative
task, to go as far on that road as his
strength will carrji-hlm, to go unde
terred by faltering, weariness or re
proach," is the only valid justification
for the worker in prose. And if his
conscience is clear, his answer' to those
who, In the fulness of a wisdom which
looks for. immediate profit, demand spe
cifically to be edified, consoled, amused;
who demand to be promptly Improved,
or * encouraged or frightened, or
shocked, or charmed, • must run thus:
My task which I am trying to achieve
is, by the power of the written word
to make you hear, to make you feel
it is,. before all, to make you sae. That
— and no more. ; and it is everything.
Some Sidelights
on Literary Topics
An Interesting announcement Is made
by Herbert B. Turner & Co. of the
early publication of "Professor Love
dahl," a novel translated from the Nor
wegian of Alexander Klelland by Re
becca Blair Flandrau. Klelland, who la
not so well known In this country and
in Great Britain as he should be, la 55
years of age. He was educated for the
law, engaged In the brickmaking busi
ness .for a while, and in 1879 appeared
for the first time before the public as a
writer of. short stories. Hla published
works now number twenty or more vol
umes, and In all of them he shows the
radical spirit revealed the most strong
ly through his own countryman. Ibsen,
and a wide knowledge a£ foreign litera
tures, especially of the French. la
"Professor Lovedahl" he handles with
out gloves a man of social and political
power, who has made his way to suc
cess through hypocrisy, leve of money
and influence.
"Yet how she adored. the fullness of
the earth and the ripe increase of the
At the very outset of his story Rob
erts gives a picture of the strange
heart that is t in ' this womanirf
A STRANGE book is Morley Rob
erts' "Rachel Marr" — a strange
book and a forceful. Though
It Is cast without fear into an atmo
sphere that is decreed by society to
be unwholesome, though It breathes
a dangerous iconoclasm for all ac
cepted creeds of morality, yet has Mr.
Roberts' story a tremendous moving
quality such as very few novels of this
day and generation possess As with
those who read D'Annunzio's poems
of passionate paganism and condemn
and read again, so it is with him
who pursues the love of Rachel Marr
and Anthony to the tragic end. Here
in indeed Is the spirit of the modern
French school of the decadent pushed
to Its uttermost. Yet does one' find
himself caught In the - swirl of thi3
frankly avowed exaltation of the body
over the soul and held fascinated un
til the final line. '
Rachel Marr is the embodiment of
the elemental, the fundamental in the
scheme of living things— a girl ting
ling to the finger tip3 with the raw
wine of life. As unashamed in the
promptings of her flesh as any Dryad
of Pan's train, still of the sweetness of
the seed bearing flower Is she. For
her the mating of all living creatures
in happiness and the bringing forth
of their kind is the supreme law of
life; love is sanctified. , Loving, Rachel
and loved by her is Anthony; Perran,
the man of reined passions, the relig
ious zealot in whose eyes mortification
of the flesh Is the only sacrifice ac
ceptable to God.y Here, then,, the au
thor has for. his motive the 'clash be
tween the law of Rhea, great earth
mother of us; all,.. and the law of the
Twelve Tables. :
An Old Problem
Shown in New ILigp*t
In "Connectives of English Speech"
James C. Fernald has made a worthy
try at defining the indefinable. To ex
plain the uses of prepositions, conjunc
tions, relative pronouns and adverb3 as
connectives ths author has entered into
extensive investigation, even philo
sophic analysis in some Instances, with
the result that he is able to give us
the correct usages if not always the
Idiomatic.
Mr. Fernald does not accept the spilt
infinitive, though he seems ready to. He
states that it Is a very popular Idiom
and therefore may become approved,
and draws' an analogywith the split in
dicative "it will greatly Increase."
which is to some perhaps not so void of
offense as the author thinks. We have
never been able to see the use of lists
of classes of verbs with the prepositions
that go with them; the idiomatic use
of prepositions in that form Is knowl
edge to be acquired from reading or
from the dictionary, not from catego
ries. —
(Funk & Wagnalls Company, New
York.)
Some Books
'of Merit and Otfiners
Among the books on Doubleday. Page
& Co.'s list for late summer and early
fall are "Confessions of a Club Wom
an," by Agnes Surbridge, an "auto
biography/' that is arousing keen Inter
est; "The Interloper," by Mrs. Violet
Jacob, announced by foremost British
reviewers 33 a remarkable novel; "The
Seeker," by the author of "The Spend
ers," Harry Leon Wilson; "A Belle of
the Fifties," being the memoirs of Mrs.
Clay of Alabama; "Letters of Robert
E. Lee," edited by his son. and, nota
bly, Rudyard Kipling's new volume of
stories, "Traffics and Discoveries." and
George H. Lorimer's "Old Gorgon Gra
ham," which as a serial is now even
more popular than the very successful
"Letters of a Self-Made Merchant to
His Son." The same house also pub
lishes a large and beautiful handbook
to the Louisiana Purchase Exposition,
a volume of 400 pages, Issued as a
double number of the World's Work for
August. An unusual feature for a
magazine Is that three special editions
are bound in cloth and leather.
distinctly unhealthy philosophy's find
ing root in his heart.
(L. C. Page & Co., Boston; price
$1 50.) . -¦^¦¦ft
iggplants — hard boiled and fried; but
they had hardly peeped out of the
ground, when my chickens got into the
patch and scrambled them."
No, strive as he may, this reviewer
is utterly unable to recall any book
save the first bound volume of Punch
possibly — that contains so many new
and really scintillating gems o£ humor
as does "Comical Confessions."
(Street & Smith, New York; Illus
trated; price 75 cents.)
(George Barrle & Sons, v Philadelphia;
Illustrated; sold on subscription only.i
Lord Baltimore's religious experiment
in the founding of Maryland, the sub
sequent history of that proprietary col
ony until the War of the Revolution,
and the settlement and growth of New
Jersey — subjects of lesser interest — are
treated In the measure due their im
portance and the author closes his nar
rative with the assumption of parlia
mentary control over the colonies.
A word In general criticism and
"Colonization of the Middle States" is
dismissed. Adequately has the author
covered the subject and very closely
has he followed the lines of competent
authority. This one element of a good
historical work is missing' to a large de
gree: A reflection of the customs, social
traditions and thought of the tlrne3.
Had Dr. Jones given this phdse of the
task more attention he would have
added to his book's value by just that
much.
icy of the colony is closely followed,
and the growth of the mixed population
and Its effects upon the prosperity of
the colony clearly traced. Of course
we have an appreciative notice of
Franklin and his great services to'the
commonwealth he distinguished— this
is an indispensable subject. The nar
rative covering ; Pennsylvania is
brought down to the period of Wash
ington's expedition against the French.
The dramatic possibilities of the re
sults of the mysterious potion described
in J. A. Mitchell's "Villa Claudia" have
suggested themselves to several play
wrights, who have sought permission
to rmt the book Into stage form. Mr.
Mitchell, who has successfully tried his
hand at a great many things. Including
architecture, painting, illustrating, pub
lishing and editing, has a mind, how
ever, to see what he can do as a dra
matist, and it 13 likely that the coming
season will see "The Villa Claudia" on
the stage In a dramatic version made
by the author cf the book. The experi
ment will be at least interesting as a
further arsument In the discussion of
whether the successful writer can pos
sibly be a successful dramatist.
SINCE some politician or keen
brained newspaper- man coined
that terse phrase "with the lid
off" it has done service over
time In reference to everything from
Tammany down to a picnic of the
Journeymen street sweepers. In Its
latest application we see it advanced
as characteristic of the contents of
"Tattiings of a Retired Politician," by
Forrest Crissey. "This is politics with
the lid off." reads the publishers' an
nouncement. Accepting this on faith
as regards the thought in Mr. Cris
sey's work the reader may- well quali
fy the style with the conviction that
It Is Indeed literature "with the lid
oft." If the old Governor, State solon
and United States Senator William
Bradley, who delivers himself of the
.wisdom constituting "Tattiings of a
Retired Politician," is to be taken as
a type of American illiteracy in high
places then may we well fear for the
future of the Queen'3 English In the
high councils of the land.
- As, a reflection of the pure white
light of honesty and righteousness that
clothes things political, whether in city
councils or the halls of Congress, Crls
se'y's book Is instructive. With de
lightful Ingenuousness Governor Bill
Bradley recites tales of "holding up"
city corporations for franchises, of
"buying" legislation In State assem
blies and handing Governors a "sack"
on- "the- way low down." These little
anecdotes, which we are led to believe
are most of them closer to fact than
fiction, cannot but prove to be of real,
practical' value to our respectable gen
try of the lobby. Here, for example,
is a saw which serves the double pur
pose of pointing a moral and illustrat
ing 1 ' the graceful rhetoric of this ex-
Senator, old Bill Bradley:
"The man who lies down and goes to.
¦ sleep on the soft side of • a ¦ political
cinch stands a good chance of waking
up just In time to see his hide nailed to
the barn door by the fellow who
couldn't sleep because he had to whis
tle in the face of expected , defeat in
order to keep his courage up."
(Thompson & Thomas, Chicago; Il
lustrated by McCutcheon.)
• ¦ r— —
. '"Uncle Bob and Aunt Becky's Strange
Adventures at the World's Exposition"
— this is the crisp, terse title of a typ-
" leal "Aunt; Samantha" book with the
Aunt Samantha spirit left outr Upon
. Its blue cover the publishers announce
that .Uncle Bob and Aunt -Becky are
-"rural .'.- characters true -to ,-llfe." A
perusal of the first chapter only Is suf
ficient to convince the fair-minded
"Yes/- a good 'book ..to read is this
"Rachel Marr,'.' provided one is not
foolishly . weak enough to permit of its
flocks and herds. The very cackle of
the hens and the full murmur of their
brooding; the mares and their foals;
a litter of tumbling, yelping pups, ex
cited her as greatly as the sound of
the 'sen, though to a softer, more in
explicable emotion. Little children
she adored; those who were childless,
she hardly knew; she rarely crossed
their over-quiet thresholds: she did
not pity them; they did not exist. A
woman of the village only became a
living creature . when she bore life;
when she renewed it. A baby was a,
miracle to her. * * ? Her dis
dain or hatred of the aged, which in
dexed marked her strongly, seemed
even at Its greatest something foreign
to her mind. It was rather an indiffer
ence than disdain, rather a fear than
a dislike; she was so young that the
old were aliens of another race."
So It is that to this young hedonist,
this worshiper with the .Sybarites,
.there comes the overwhelming love for •
the ascetic, the man of iron will, con
quering the lusts of the flesh. Rachel,
inheritor of a mother's passion, as she
is of it the "fruit, grows from innocence
to knowledge, from girlhood to woman
hood In the strength of her love for
this man of unbending purltanlsm. Out
of sheer fanatical love of flagellation
this Anthony — tempted beyond the
limit apportioned to his sainted name
sake even— marries a woman of Ehnv
eled soul and thus sets barriers up
against the great desire that is In him.
How this causes Rachel to lose every
grip on , religious belief, on honor for
the soul's high province— this Is the
most dramatic portion of the story.
Loving to madness, knowing that she
is loved in return, yearning for the
consummation of her passions, this
woman, now woman only in body with
soul- dead, breaks down the barriers
only.after wild battling and finds her
reward linked with death.
¦i. Roberts has .given a broad, vital
background to his story, commensur
ate with the fierce play of passions
therein; With the careful attention to
detail of a Hardy he has put 'the little
fishing village on the Cornish coast
vividly before us, its people living and
full of the hard, raw elements of sky
and sea. Pictures of crackling storms,
of the Bwish and turmoil of the waters
and the changing cycle of the seasons
along rocky headlands make shifting
scenery for the dramatic action. The
homely life of the flsherfolk, with their
rugged sternness of precept and lax
ness of practice, gives color to the cen
tral plot of the tale'.
In one jrespect does the author show
lack of taste and in another a weak* «
ness • of style. A higher sense of re
straint than that he has exerted would
have prevented his bringing the spirit
of his book dangerously near to the
typical Hall Caine quintessence of., sub
limated tragedy. In his passages
wherein tl}e souls of Rachel and An
thony are seared by passion unre
quited Roberts "piles on the agony?-
to use a trite term— with too relentless
a hand. We see the two kept too long
on 1 the saw-edge of despair. This same
lack : of ; restraint also permits the
author indulgence In a style at times
flowered and furbelowed : as Colum
bine's crinoline. .Exaggerations,, color
ations.: constant alliterations mar the
strength of the style not fa" : little. In
orio, instance the ? author's fancy) even
carries :him; so- far as to depict . Sigurd,
the dog, with tears of sympathy rollirtg
down his face! . , . , ,
Under the caption "Penh's Holy Ex
periment," Jones gives a detailed ac
count of the founding of Pennsylvania,
paying especial attention to the nature
of the colony's constitution and Its
many Impracticabilities born of. the
founder's religious and social beliefs.
Returning to the case of affairs after
the dethronement of the Stuarts In
England, the peaceable characteristics
that are usually attributed^ the Qua
ker colony are not in 'very strong evi
dence as the author* traces the ; pro
ceedings of its Assembly In its relation
to the proprietary and its governor.
Of course the disputes were in no small
degree based upon dislike of the mili
tary measures required, but there was
also the strong antipathy to expendi
ture for government, in spite of the
material prosperity of the people. With
the breaking of the sentimental ties
that bound the people to the founder,
there was greater need for discretion In
the choice of the . proprietary's - gov
ernor, and In Keith an excellent repre
sentative was found to maintain har
mony. The course of the financial pol-
Maybe because of the element of the
obviously ridiculous which made ltrtelf
manifest jpo many times, the author's
account of the Swedish settlements in
the Delaware country is better reading.
To Captain David Pieters de Vrles of
Hoorn, a worthy old sea dog. be all
honor for that his shipload of Swedes
was successfully discharged on a
Delaware shore in April, 1631, and the
little State-to-be was thus born. Then
came more Swedes and some protests
from the Dutch and from the English,
for the hardy Norsks were settled upon
land everybody claimed and nobody
owned. Then came troubles. Doughty
old Governor Printz fired a shot at a
vessel load of New England Yankees
and then, by way of making amends,
charged them forty shillings— the price
of the shot. Next Moens Klingr,~com
mander of a Swedish fort, led an army
of eight men against Commissary
Hudde, the Dutchman, and cut down
all his apple trees. Comes then Jan
Rysingh. new Governor of New
Sweden, and signalizes his advent by
capturing a fort held by seven sol
diers. This story of the Swedes in
Delaware is brave reading.
After a review of the eveats leading
up to the occupation of New Amster
dam by the English, the author takes
the reader over the wider field of
colonization and furnishes a study of
the "migration of the oppressed" by
showing the sources, the extent and
the distribution of the many immi
grants which persecution had driven
to the shores of the new world. In
this study we have a succinct review
of the conditions that operated to
bring about the self-exile of these peo
ple, and we are enabled to understand
their peculiar dispositions in the face
of their new environments, and so are
better fitted to comprehend the parts
they played in the upbuilding of the
nation among whose pioneers they
were. The Walloons, the Puritans, the
Huguenots, the Quakers, the Mennon
ites, the Lutherans, the Jews, the
Waldenses, the Labadlsts, the Roman
Catholics, the Palatines, the Mora
vians, the Tunkers, all escaped from
the terrors of European persecution,
and found In the early colonies of the
Middle States and Maryland a refuge
from oppression and in general an un
fettered liberty to work out their own
success, while they enjoyed that lib
erty of conscience that had been de
nied them in their native lands. The
events 4nvolved In these migrations are
ably outlined In the present work.
A particular phase of this migration
Is treated under the head "Lord Balti
more's Experiment, 1632-16S5"; this
covers not merely the moving cause of
the establishment of the Maryland
colony, but also the outline story of
this privileged colony's progress for
over half a century. Both the pro
prietary and the colonists were placed
under liberal conditions In relation to
the mother country. The early troubles
of the new colonists with those of Vir
ginia and the Jealous opposition of the
latter are followed step by step. The
beginnings of legislative power; the
assertion of the colonists' right to self
government; the material development
of the colony; Its administrative regu
lations; its ecclesiastical matters, and
its boundary troubles with Virginia and
Pennsylvania are each and all amply
reviewed.
need, for poor old Peter of the wooden
leg.
"Frequently," says Jones, "at the
same time Stuyvesant would be en
gaged in disputes with the English and
the Swedes about territorial claims;
with' the colonial patroons in regard to
the respective merits of company and
patroonship privilege; and with his
own people as to what were the pre
rogatives of the directors and privi
leges of the people. When it was not
all of these disputes together. It was
a" combination of some two or three of
them." A hard character this, iu-
That the record of old Peter Stuy
vesant's quarrels may be taken aptly
as the record of his Governorship is
rather a strong; assertion for the au
thor to make and one not dovetailing
with the word of the genial DIedrich
Knickerbocker.
The formation of the Dutch West
j»*<«. Company, Its powers, the In
auguration of the patroon system of
land tenor* under its instrument of
authority— these affairs civ* opportu
nity for a brief though fairly complete
survey of the governmental Idea as ex
pressed by Peter Btuyvesant and his
predecessors In ofac* at Manhattan,
Though elaborating at length upon
difficulties arising out of the old feudal
system of tenure, the feuds and open
ruptures between governors and gov
erned and all the rest of the strictly
chronological, strictly dry facts of his
tory, the author falls to give any ln
elght Into the social and economic con
ditions and customs that made this
new Holland of the West the most
quaintly picturesque of all the colonies.
Even though cramped for space on ac
count of the scope of his subject, Jones
could have Inserted a livening chapter
on Dutch New York with profit to his
•work.
"History of North America," pro
jected in twenty volumes under the
general- editorshiD of Guy Carleton
Lee, and extended reviews of the first
!<hre"o cf these volumes have been of
fered. To the fourth, "The Coloniza
tion of the Middle States." by Profes
sor F. R. Jones of the faculty of Bryn
•Mawr College, attention is now due.
*• It must be recognized that to each
cf'the twenty collaborators in this
vastly comprehensive history of the
continent from the stone age to the
present day a task of no easy achieve
ment is assigned. In the general
scheme cf editorship Professor Lee has
had to distribute the work oZ author- 1
ship in blocks, as it were, an epoch, to
eafch, thus sacrificing continuity to the
'exigencies of the whole scheme. The
author of "Colonization of the Middle
States," like the other historians, has
2 his province quite strictly confined.
• Prohibited from the nature of this
• compilation from catching the slgnifi
• oance of great colonial movements out
. side cf his territory, save in so far as
they affect his own province, the
writer suffers from an enforced lack
of. perspective and scope of view; he
•keeps his eyes too close to written or
•der of things without opportunity to
• catch fundamentals of the entire colo
. nial history.
Professor Lee Introduces the volume
with a plaint on the lack of Interest
• tf.ken In the colonial history of the
. Middle States. Always, says he, has
'. our Interest been divided between Pur
itan New England and Cavalier Vir
• glnSa, whose respective eons have not
ceased In their laudatory exploitation
..cf .the early history of these two sec
. tlons. He believes that this sectional
pattlculaxlzation against the middle
colonies has been due to the dearth of
writers native to th« district. The
author of the present volume, however,
takes a far lees peevish view of the
Question than his editor with the ex
planation that In this, the middle zone,
there was a blending* of t&e character
istic* of both New England and Vir
ginia, making eoonomlo and govern
• mental condition* of a neutral order.
This has led to a complete exploita
tion ef Stats histories to the neglect
of Interstate or Intercolonial records.
Th« Dutch settlement of New York
. Is riven the first attention. Tracing
c very succinctly the earliest Dutch voy
' ages of exploration In and about the
'Hudson, Connecticut and Delaware
rrrexs. Jones emphasizes the strictly
cosomerdal spirit which characterized
aU of the sturdy Hollanders' earliest
- exploits. They came not to till the soil
,. and build homes, but to strip the land
of Its wealth of skins and sail away
to-convert pelts Into dollars. Just when
tb» Dutch began to consider New Am
sterdam a permanent abiding place,
. however, the author leaves to eon-
Jectur*.
SsftablisHmenft
of Middle Colonies
IN previous isues of this page of
book criticisms opportunity has
been taken to call attention to the
Perhaps the most important histor
ical book of the year will be "R?collec
tions and Letters of General Lee." to
be published in September by Double
day. Page & Co. it Is edited by Cap
tain Robert E.'Lee. the oldest son of
the distinguished Confederate soldier.
The book presents for the first tim»
General Lee's correspondence with hta
family and friends before and durir."
the Civil -War. They not only reveal In
timately a neb'e and chivalrous char
acter, but sho\v his opinions on sub
jects on^which his views heretofore
have not^been known. Particularly la
this true o7 the trying times near the
close of the war and after, when he
had become a private citizen. Cap
tain Lee has written some biograph
ical chapters of intense interest, :ell
lng many new stories of his father's
home life. Tha "Recollections and Let
ters of General Lee" begin with Gen
eral Lee's return from the Mexican
war and close with Mrs. Lee's account
of his death. Thus," his whole active
military career is spanned. The bo<-k
•will be bound In Confederate gray,
•tamped with the Confederate flag in
>lors. , *
Stewart Edward White has not yet
heard that his latest book, 'The Silent
Places." i 3 the best selling novel in the
United States, for he 13 now enjoying
a three months' honeymoon camping
trip, alone with his bride, in the S^nta
Clara Mountains. California. Mrs.
White, who was Miss Elizabeth Grant
of Newport, is a tenderfoot compared
to her experienced outdoor husband. It
follows that bookish affairs are just
now cf less Interest to Mr. White than
the dramatic possibilities of burnt flap
jacks and the art of expression while
tightening a "diamond hitch."
"We cannot recall any book that
contains so many new Jokes as "Com
ical Confessions of Clever Come
dians.' "
Thus reads the ready-to-run review
sent out with this paragon of humor by
publishers indulgent toward the critical
faculties of the downtrodden book re
viewers. Follows one of the specimen
Jokes, already set up In agate type:
"I plowed the land and planted every
kind of seed I could think of— potato
seed, pumpkin seed, bird seed, flax seed
and sow forth. I planted two kinds of
"In Assyrian Tents," by Louis Pen
dleton, is a very readable little story of
the great captivity of Israel in Baby
lon. Interspersing many scenes of Ori
ental magnificence in the palaces of
Sennacherib are" bits of spirited action,
culminating, of course, in the great
miracle done by God and the release
from bondage of the Jews. V; ,
(Jewish Publication Society; Phila
delphia; illustrated.)
Professor Brander Matthews has been
at work on his "Recreations of an An
thologist," which will be issued in tht:
fall by Dodd, Mead & Co. This volume
contains all that the author has been
able to collect of certain interesting
literary subjects, no one of which, how
ever, is Important enough to deserve a
separate volume. There is a chapter
on .unwritten books, of which "Edwin
Drood" ard "Dennis Duval" are ex
amples; there is another chapter on the
undeveloped plots of great story-tell
ers. "American Epigrams," "Carols of
Cookery," etc.. etc.
reader that this is a libel upon any and
all of our rural brethren. This book
should sell well in the day coaches of
railroad trains, but it will hardly ap
pear among the list of six best sellers
for the month.
(Laird & Lee, Chicago; illustrated.)
If I succeed, you shall find there, a:
carding to your deserts, encourage
ment, consolation, fear, charm — all you
demand; and, perhaps, also that
glimpse of truth for which you have
forgotten to ask."
THE SAN FRANCISGO' SUNDAY : CALD.
Richard he Galllenne's new book,
"Painted Shadows," will be published
In the autumn by Little, Brown &
Company, who brought out his "Lov«
Letters of the King** a few years ago.
THROUGH READER'S SPECS
5others about the pomes and kindred subjects, she did not leave
me out of the conversation, as did the others, when they saw my
amiable purpose to instruct them on a point of political eco
nomics. I am aware, too, that it was to her I was indebted for
an invitation a young man gave me to become one of a coach
ing party to drive to a country club the next day for lunch.
I went on' the coach and was delighted to find myself placed
by the side of Mrs. Lacquerre.
My fair companion called attention to our host's driving, and
it surprised me to learn that niere' ability to handle reins — which
is possessed by every car driver— was so highly esteemed by .her.
I saw that to be a real hero here one, besides possessing the rare
qualities I have, must also be able to do something, in the way of
sports, like driving a^ coach or a golf ball. While this surprised
me, I 1 am too much a man of the worlds not to recognize what
my place in society demands, so I determined to take up coach
ing at oncei Especially did I .resolve to do this when Mrs. Lac
querre remarked: "Coaching is a stunning sport, and I can
drive any four that ever looked through bridles, but it's so
deuced expensive a beggar like me has to pass it up."
Then I instantly resolved to present her a coach and four,
and when we arrived at the clubhouse I called, aside one of the
hired men who had been playing a horn on the coach, but with
out much musical results, and .told him if he knew of a proper
turnoutfor sale toilet me have particulars. He replied that it
was lucky I had spoken. to him, as he chanced to know of agreat
bargain— if it had not been snapped up. He kindly offered to
telephone into town and icarn. It seems, as he explained, that a
gentleman who had .'lost heavily in Wall street was disposing, of
a coach andfour'at a'sacrificc.
' I ; :be'gged jhim to; hasten to the telephone at once, and, having
arranged so '"good a thing, T cheerfully accompanied our party "out
into the .field, where a number of people were engaged in playing
the fashionable game of golf. The game will never appeal to me.
: .- •¦¦••/; • ¦¦ : ? ;."• ¦ .-.. . '• -' ;¦)¦-'¦ ¦ ¦ . ¦ '¦:¦-¦'.. ¦ . .
1~"*\ EAR UNCLE SILAS: I am surprised at your letter,
I \ in which you take a humorous view of my experience
I 1 with a lottery ticket man, which you say is a common
' m. J confidence trick. For you to assume that I, with my
keenness of vision and quickness of wit, could be
taken in by the shallow pretense of a swindler is merely amusing
to me. Nay, the guileful men of New York will not profit by my
stay here. However, that is a difference of opinion between us it
would be fruitless further to discuss, so. I will proceed at once to
tell you of my call on your sister, my Aunt Sarah.
.:; v; I found her to be a lady of extreme elegance of manner and
abiding in a house of elaborate richness, excelling our own twen
story mansion in Beetville. She received me with great cordial
ity, but embarrassed me overmuch by dwelling oh the lirge for
tune I inherited.
I was puzzled, too, by aunt's statement that, the extent of
my fortune being known among her neighbors, or, as she said,
"in my set," she would have no difficulty in finding me a proper
wife. Poor, dear aunt ! t She really seemed to think that I would
marry a girl I could not win. by my own ungilded worth.
I accepted aunt's invitation to dinner and there first met, my
cousin Josephine, a young person of some pretensions to beau
ty, but, to my mind, too frivolous to be acceptable in intellectual
society. Still, all the young men at dinner except me were
voted to her, and were entertained by her pert comments on
worldly subjects in which the y^oung human female, in my judg
ment, should be but little informed. - .
Her frivolity of speech was in contrast with that of a lady
guest at dinner, a Mrs. "Jack" Lacquerre. She is -a widow, my
elder by some years, perhaps, but the most charming *of her sex
it has ever been my happiness to know. Unlike Cousin Joseph
ine, she did not always talk of golf, tennis, the -"ponies"— -which
trifling word is employed here to mean race horses— but was dis
posed to listen with agreeable interest to my, informing renfarks
~~on the future of beet sugar and the wickedness of those who
would let the stealthy products'of our insular possessions—name
ly, cane sugar— creep into pur unprotected homes free of duty, 1 to
the destruction of an infant but profitable industry.
¦ While she seemed to understand the childish chatter of the
P. S. — The world is false, hollow! Life is a nightmare one
would shun, except that it is cowardly to evade any duty — even
the sad duty of living. I shall go far away from this cruel city,
this heartless, cynical madness called New York, and sadly roam
distant lands striving to bury my. grief from sight. Forget it I
cannot. I called on Mrs. Lacquerre and for a time we spoke on
indifferent matters, I wanting to give her time to prepare for the
honor about to be conferred on her. We sat where we could look
into the street, and I was glad to see the coach approach, for it
would serve as an incident to base my declaration of love upon.
Her gaze was directed, at the turnout with great interest, but her
looks changed when she saw it stop at her door. She rose and
exclaimed in excitement, "What are those skates stopping here
for?" Supposing "skates" a term of endearment for the horses,
I saw my opportunity and, falling on my knees, I declared, "Dear
madam, they are yours. They are my gift to you, and with them
I also give you my heart and hand!"
With a look of horror in her eyes she cried : "Go out and tell
them to take those awful things away! The poor creatures are
doped nigh to death! And the coach! Only the varnish keeps
the rattletrap from falling apart. Oh, those dreadful skates; take
them away! Quick! a crowd is already gathering! Oh, oh!"
Stung to the soul of my pride, I. went to the door and ordered
the driver to return to the stables. A policeman, who had come
to see what the crowd was about, added : "And hufry about it or
the Bergh officers will come and order the poor, old 'doped*
skates shot."
I re-entered the house, again threw myself on my knees and
declared my love. The lady looked stunned for a moment, but
then said: "You are a very foolish and bold young man. I am
nearly old enough to be your mother and have a daughter old
enough to be your wife. Go away! You may come again when
you are quite sane, for you are worth saving, and with a little
trimming will make a presentable youngster."
''But," I exclaimed, "how abDiit my kiss of your hand yester
day under the tree, to which you did not object?"
"Under the tree?" she replied, after a thoughtful pause. "I
was fast asleep all' the time we were there."
With that she left the room hastily, and I came here to
write these last lines before I go out into the. strange world a
stranger and heartbroken. » R.
She said that if I felt that way about the game we had better
not follow, the players, but sit in the shade of a tree and wait for
our party to follow them until they had appetites for lunch. We
did so, while I conversed on various topics with her, among
them the value of fertilizers on land in which soil of an infusorial
character bore such proportion to the whole as to require artificial
enrichment to bring forth the most profitable results in sacchar
ose crystalline,' extractable from the beet. She was deeply im
pressed by my earnestness and erudition, and sat on the turf, re
clining against a tree, her parasol shading her eyos from my
view, and so silent, except for her light, regular breathing, I felt
that I had never before had so appreciative a listener.
At once to my confession : I fell deeply in love with Mrs.
Lacquerre at that moment. It was not her beauty, grace, social
position alone which enthralled me, but the discovery of a con
genial spirit, a soul which could throb as one with mine; and as
-she listened, rapt by the magic of my eloquence, motionless,
thrilled, f knew that here was a sympathetic nature worth all the
wealth of my love. To show what were my thoughts, and, as it
were, to learn her thoughts by an action, I raised one of her
hands to my lips. Rapture! there was no protest. I knew that
my feelings were reciprocated. The crowd neared, and, afraid to
remain by her side, lest my surging breast should force me to
speak though all the world heard, I hurried from her side.
. Behind the coach house the hired man reported to me that he
had telephoned to the agent of the turnout, who agreed to hold
it for me until nine o'clock that evening. The price, said the
man, was virtually a give-away, a mere two thousand five hun
dred dollars. It is difficult for me to accustom myself to what
New Yorkers call trifling sums, and, while of course. I could
easily afford the sum named, I said I thought it high. The man
replied that I had better snap at it, as he must telephone my de
cision at once. So I agreed to inspect the turnout that evening
and purchase if it suited me.
At lunch, on the drive home, I was in a trance of happiness.
At the Circle that evening I met the coach and four, driven
by the man who had conducted the trade for me. The horses'
coats shone like satin, their eyes gleamed, the coach glistened in
the electric lights like polished glass. I ascended to the side of the
driver who confided to me that I had been wise to close the deal by
telephone, for the agent had since had an offer of $4000 for the turn
out. I was anxious at hearing this, for I am well aware of the
trickiness of horse dealers, so I told the man to drive to the stables
at once and close the trade.
It was an exciting drive, for the animals seemed disposed to
go on their hind feet, or on their heads; but we reached the sta
ble in safety, the driver assuring me that the animals only need
ed a twenty-mile trot to settle down all right. The agent con
firmed the driver about having a larger offer, but I was sharp
with him and compelled him to accept the check I at once drew
in full payment. Then I ordered my purchase sent to Mrs. Lac
querre the next day and came to my hotel to write you of my
good luck.
Now, dear Uncle Silas, there is something else I will tell you;
it is my purpose to offer Mrs. Lacquerre something more pre
cious than a mere coach and four — my heart and hand! I shall
leave this letter open, that I may inform you how the dear lady ac
cepts the honor I shall confer upon her. Affectionately,
r sagely pointed out to Mrs. Laequerre that the feat could
be accomplished with less exertion and more certainty if the
player should take the sphere by hand from the sand hill and de
posit it by hand into the slight depression or recess, called the
hole, instead of endeavoring to do so by the aid of various imple
ments of wood and iron, swung with energy, but, frequently with
out results adequate to the force emploved. •
Its purpose is, so far as I could, discover, is to displace a small
sphere from one location and replace it in another, the first loca
tion being on a slight elevation of moist sand, the second being
a slight depression or recess in the turf. ;•"
REVBEN FROM BEETVILLE.
THE 1 SAN- FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL:do ho wrong. If i-*« c ;..-irhawk cared to listen to me for five
minutes I feel I c«>»i-! \>n her right on this point. "It is quite
true, my dear girl," ! sh<u:ld say to her, "something is wrong, very
wrong. But it is not ihr American man. Never you mind the Amer
ican man ; you leave him to worry out his own salvation. You
are not the girl to put him right, even where he is wrong. And
it is not civilization. Civilization has a deal to answer for, I ad
mit; don't you load it up with this additional trouble. The
thing that is wrong in this case of yours — if you av:11 forgive my
saying so — is you. You make a fool of yourself; you marry a
man who is a mere animal because he appeals to your animal
instincts. Then, like the lady who cried out, 'Alack, I've married
a black,' you appeal to heaven against the injustice of being
mated with a clown. You are not a nice, clean girl, either in
your ideas or in your behavior. I don't blame you for it; you did
not make yourself. But when you set to work to attract all that is
lowest iii man, why beso astonished at your own success F.There are
plenty of shocking American men, I agree. One meets the class
even outside America. But nice American girls will tell you that
there are also nice American men. There is an old proverb about
birds of a feather. Next time you find yourself in the Company of
a shocking American man you just ask yourself how he got there
and how it is he. seems to be feeling at home. You learn self
control. Get it out of your head that you are the center of the uni
verse and grasp the idea that a petticoat is not a halo, and you
will find civilization not half as wrong as you thought it."
I know what Miss Sparhawk's reply would be. "You say all
this* to me — to me, a lady. Great heavens! What has become of
chivalry?" A Frenchman was once put on trial for murdering his
father and mother. . He confessed his guilt but begged for mercy
on the plea that he was an' orphan. Chivalry was founded on the
assumption that woman was worthy to be worshiped. The modern
woman's notion is that when she does wrong she ought to be ex
cused by chivalrous man because she is a lady. I like the naughty
heroine ; we all of us do. The early Victorian "heroine, the angel
in a white frock, was a bore. We knew exactly what she was go
ing to do---the right thing, j We did not ever have to ask ourselves,
"What will she think is the right thing to do under the circum
stances?"- It was always the conventional right thing. You could
have put it to a Sunday-school and have got the answer every time.
The .heroine with passions, instincts, emotions, is to be welcomed.
But I want her to grasp the. fact that after all* she is only one of
us. I should. like her better if, instead of demanding, "What is
wrong in civilization? What is the world coming to?" and so
forth, she would -occasionally say to herself, "Guess I've made a
fool. of myself this , time. ; I do feel that 'shamed of myself — "
She would not. lose by it. .We should love her all the more.
WHAT is wrong with marriage, anyhow? I find my
self pondering this question so often, when reading
high-class literature. I put it to myself again the
other evening, during a performance of "Faust." Why
could not Faust have married the girl? I would riot
have married her myself for any consideration ; but that is not
the argument. Faust, apparently, could not see anything amiss
with her. Both of them were mad about each other. Yet the idea
of a quiet, unostentatious marriage with a week's honeymoon, say
in Vienna, foljowed by a neat little cottage orne, not too far from
Nurnberg, so that their friends could have come out to them,
never seems to have occurred to either of them. There could have
been a garden and Marguerite might have kept chickens and a
cow. That sort of girl, brought up to hard work and by no means
too well educated, is all the better for having something to do.
•Later, with the gradual arrival of the family, a good all round
woman might have been hired to assist. Faust, of course, would
have had his study and got to work again ; that would have kept
him out of further mischief. The idea that a brainy man, his
age, was going to be happy with nothing to do all day but fool
around after a petticoat was ridiculous from the beginning. Val
entine — a good fellow, Valentine, with nice ideas — would have
spent his Saturdays to Mondays with them. Over a pipe and a
glass of wine he and Faust would have discussed the local politics.
He would have danced the children on his knee, have told them
tales about the war — taught the elder boy to shoot. Faust, with
a practical man like Valentine to help him, would probably have
invented a new gun. Valentine would have got it taken up.
Things might have come of it. Sybil, in course of time, would
have married and settled down-f^perhaps have taken a little house
near to them; watched Marguerite growing stout. He and Mar
guerite would have joked — when Mrs. Sybil was not around —
about his early infatuation. The old mother would have toddled
over from Nurnberg — not too often — just for the day. The pic
ture grows upon one the more one thinks cf it. Why did it
never occur to them? There would have been a bit of bother with
the Old Man. I can imagine Mephistopheles being upset about
it, thinking himself swindled. Of course if that was the reason —
if Faust said to himself, "I should like to marry the girl, but I
won't do it ; it would not be fair to the old man ; he has been to
a lot of trouble working this thing up; in common gratitude I
cannot turn round now and behave like a decent, sensible man. If
would not be playing the game."
If this was the way Faust looked at the matter there is noth
iv.g more to be said. Indeed it shows him in a rather fine light, no
ble, if not quixotic. If, on the other hand, he looked at the ques
tion from the point of view of himself and the girl, I think the
thing might have been managed. All .one had to do in those days
when one wanted to get rid of the devil was to show him a sword
hilt. Faust and Marguerite could be slipped into a 'church one
morning and have kept him out of the way with a sword hilt till
the ceremony was througn. They might have hired a small boy.
"You see the gentleman in red. Well, he wants us and we don't
want him. This is the only difference between us. Now, you
take this sword, and when you see him coming show him the hilt.
Don't hurt him ; just show him the sword and shake your head.
He will understand."
The old gentleman's expression, when subsequently ' Faust
presented him to Marguerite, would have been interesting. "Allow
me ! My wife. My dear a — a friend of mine. You may remember
meeting him that night at your aunt's." As I have said, there
would have been ructions ; but I do not myself see what could
have been done. There was nothing in the bond to the effect that
Faust should not marry, so far as we are told. The Old Man
had a sense of humor. My own opinion is that, after getting over
the first annoyance he himself would have seen the joke. I can
even picture him lpoking in now and again on Mr. and Mrs.
Faust. The children would be hurried off to bed. There would
be, for a while, an atmosphere of constraint. But the Old Man had
a way with him. He would have told one or two stories at which
Marguerite would have blushed, at which Faust would have grin
ned. I can see the old fellow occasionally joining the homely so
cial board. The children, awed at first, would have sat silent,
with staring eyes. But, as I have said, we gather that he had
a way with him. Why should he not have reformed? The good
woman's unconsciously exerted influence ! The sweet childish
prattle ! Might he not have come to be known as "Nunkic."
Myself — I believe I have already mentioned it — I would not
have married Marguerite. She is not my idea of a good girl. I
never liked the way she deceived her mother. And that aunt of
hers! Well, a nice girl would not have been friends with such a
woman. Slfi did not behave at all too well to Sybil, either. It is
clear to me that she led the boy on. And what was she doing
with that box of jewels, anyhow? She was not a fool. She could
[not have gone every day to that fountain, chatted with those girl
friends of hers and learnt nothing. She must have known that
people don't go leaving twenty thousand pounds' worth of jewels
about on doorsteps as part of a round game. Her own instinct,
if she had been a good girl, would have told her to leave things
alone. I don't believe in these innocent people who do not
know what they are doing half their time.
Ask any London magistrate what he thinks of the lady who
explains that she picked up the diamond brooch, "not meaning, of
course, your Worship, to take it. I .would not do such a thing.
It just happened this way, your Worship. I was standing, as
you might say, here, and not seeing any one about in the shop
I opened the case and took it out, thinking as perhaps it might
belong to some one — and then this gentleman here, as I had not
noticed before, comes up quite suddenly and says, 'You come along
with me,' he says. 'What for?' I says, 'when I don't even know
you/ I says. 'For stealing,' he says. «
" 'Well that's a hard word to use to a lady/ I says ; 'Don't know
what you mean, I'm sure/ " If the lady happens to be Goethe's
THE MACULATED HEROINE
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALLV
(Copyright, 1904, by Central News and Press Exchange.
"Marguerite the magistrate, I suppose, would apologize to her and
tell her that she left the court without a stain upon her character.
And if she had put them all on, not thinking. ' what would a
proper sort of a girl have done when the gentleman . came up and
assured her they were hers? She would have been thirty seconds
taking them off and flinging them back into the box. "Thank
you," she would have said, "I'll trouble you to. leave this garden as
quickly as you entered it and take them with you. \Vm not that
sort of a girl." What does Marguerifc. do? She clings to the
jewels and accepts the young man's arm for a niponlight prome
nade. And when it does.enter her innocent head that he and she
have walked that shady garden, long enough, what does she do
when she has said good-by and shut the door? She opens the
ground floor window and begins to sing.
Maybe I am not poetical, but I do like justice. When other
girls do these things they get called names. I do not see why
this particular girl should be held up as an ideal. She kills her
mother; according to her own account it appears to have been an
accident. It is not an original line of defense and we are not al
lowed to hear the evidence for the prosecution. She also kills lTcr
baby. You are not to biame her forthat, because at the time she
was feeling poorly. I don't see why this girl should have a spe
cial line of angels to take her up to heaven." There must have been
decent, hard-working women in Nurnberg more entitled to the
ticket. '
Why is it that all these years, we have been content to accept
Marguerite as a type of innocence and virtue. The explanation
is, I suppose, that Goethe wrote at a time when it was the conven
tion to regard all women as good. Anything in petticoats was vir
tuous. If she did wrong it was always somebody else's fault.
Cherchez la fernme was a later notion, i In the days of Goethe it
was always Cherchez rhommc. It was the man's fault. It was
the devil's fault. It was anybody's fault you liked, but not hers.
The convention has not yet died out.
I was reading the other day a most interesting book by a bril
liant American authoress. Seeing I live far away from the lady's
haunts, I venture to mention names. ? I am speaking of "Patience
Sparhawk," by Gertrude Atherton. I take this book because it is
typical of a large body of fiction. Miss Sparhawk lives a troubled
life; it puzzles her. She asks herself what is wrong. Her* own
idea is that it is civilization. If it is not civilization then it is the
American man or. nature — or democracy. Miss 'S^parhawk marries
the wrong man. Later on she gets engaged to the wrong man. In
the end we are left to believe she is about to be married* to the
right man. I»should be better satisfied if I could hear, -Miss' Spar
hawk talking six months after that last marriage. But if a mis
take has again been made I am confident that, in Miss Spar
hawk's opinion, the fault will not be Miss* Sparhawk's. The ar
gument is always the same; Miss Sparhawk, being "'-.a- lady/ can
7no_textno_textOf course, the beauty of the girdle
depends a great deal upon its buckle
or clasp and that Is one reason why the
article Is so expensive. One can buy
the material for a handsome fitted gir
dle for a dollar or so. -ut to purchase
a buckle sets the purchaser back $10 or
more. There are buckles that are
beautiful enough for the handsomest
Jewel case and the woman who owns
these exquisite affairs is as careful of
them as of her diamonds.
It is no't alone with the street gown
that the handsome girdle is worn, but
with the evening and party dres3. In
deed, many of the nicer dinner gowns
quite depend for their glory upon the
little things of dress— the belt, the
sash, the girdle and the other waist
garnishings — while not secondary to
these are the neck trimmings, which
are numerous and certainly varied.
.One must by no means ignore th«
fichu, which is the handsomest thing
of the' season. On e handsome flchu Is
made of white silk muslin, completely
covered with white silk embrgidery.
Over this embroidery there are raised
flowers in colors of rose. The whole is
knotted upon the breast under a hand
some rose made out of rose colored
satin ribbon, upon the petals of trhich
suede leather, soft, glossy kid, and she
uses satin. She makes girdles of silk
and girdles of velvet, and she is never
without a dozen that have no special
name, but are useful to slip on with
any gown.
One beautiful all around girdle, good
for any emergency, is in black satin
with a great deal of raised turquoise
embroidery upon it. At the back are
two magnificent turquoise and gold
buttons. Another belt, this one brought
from India by one of the pretty; rich
girls of society, is of heavy Indian can
vas, with a wonderful embroidery done
in rich colors upon It. This 13, secured
In. the front under a great clasp, in
Which there Is shown a whole Oriental
scene.
Bcantlfnl Girdles nnd Clasp.
"How can I have a pretty black lace
gown?" asked a perplexed woman,
"without paying for it?" The question
is a difficult one, but may be answered
by suggesting a substitute. There ara
cheap net laces, which make up beau
tifully, and there come Imitation Irish
crochet laces in dull black that look
precisely like the real. t-y--.
A net gown is .sot difficult to make
by hand and the lace Is easily applied.*
And afterward one has only to add
the touch of blue and the gown Is com
plete. For" a sash one can purchase
the Inexpensive and glossy blue Lib
erty, which ties without wrinkling.
This fancy for wearing a blue sash
with a black gown Is quite a growing
one and Is to be observed frequently.
Again, a wide red satin ribbon sash is
tied around the waist of an all-black
gown. So that the . note of color I3
complete.
one of. the pretty American women
in Paris recently appeared at a recep
tion Eowned in a dress of black Chan
tilly, beautifully made over a lustrous
satin foundation. The hat was a great
wide spreading black lace picture hut
and she wore long, black gloves. Tht?
note of color v/as found in a beautiful
turquoise blue sash, in a great. Ion;,
blue ostrich plume and in a handsome
turquoise brooch at the throat. The
costume was by all odds the most at
tractive In the room,. •
But the distinguishing feature lay In
it3 note of blue. For the gown, which
r.-as of heavy black net, lustrous, and
trimmed with much gorgeousness, waa
belted around the waist with a wide
blue sash. This, which was banded
around the wal3t to form a girdle, waa
tied on the back In a heavy knot, while
the ends hunff down to the foot of tho
skirt. They were wide sash ends, too,
and made a beautiful note of color uj>on
the skirt.
and many materials from which, to
choose.
Lovely Drawing-Room Gown.
A lovely gown worn in a fashionable
drawing-room the other day was of
black net. It was trimmed with a very
heavy lace applique. This trimming ex
tended around the foot of the gown
and up the front. Tho lining of the
dress was of black satin.
The dance gown of the season Is the
gown simplex. And the more simplex
the belter. It Is a very wise girl who
goes forth and buys enough net or
bobbinette for a gown. She will need
eight yards. She can get it in any
color, but the prettiest is the Bllver
white or the glossy black. She will
make up this gown with rope shirrings
around the hips, put on in circular
shape. And she will trim It around the
foot with three round ruffles.
The ruffles will be very full and will
be gathered by hand. They will be
edged \rith a border of Valenciennes
lace or of other edging lace. Then there
-Rill be a little Valenciennes at the head
of each rude.
It may be that we are coming to
hoops. The tendency Is that way. Over
In Paris, where styles have the courage
of their convictions, the mention of
hoops is frequently heard, while, as for
bustles, they certainly He a foot deep
upon the counters, ready for sale.
The bustle agitation Is one that will
never quite die down. As long as there
are figures that are flat Just so long
will bustles be brought forth to grace
the backs of the dresses. And with the
new round skirts they are certainly be
coming unless one is too fat to wear
them. •
Slaking the Skirts Flare.
The modistes will tell you that there
are no hoop skirts worn. But If you
look at 6ome of the new gowns you
¦will be Inclined to doubt their word.
These gowns are built to set out In bal
loon fashion and they certainly invite
the use of a hoop skirt.
On the hoopskirt question one might
quote from the private letter of a Paris
dressmaker to a patron. Writing in
French, this .well-known authority
eays: "I Bend your gown, madame,
and the hoop skirt that goes with It. If
madame does not want to wear the
hoopskirt there is a stiff white taffeta
petticoat, all ruffles, and another one.
Both are ruffled and trimmed with
lace and will act in place of the hoop
skirt."
The wedding gown is the simplest of
the simple. The skirt is shirred on
the hips, a style which Is very effective
even if not new. Around the foot there
is a. ruffle" of net bordered with lace.
But the prettiest feature is the petti
coat worn underneath. This petticoat is
made of white lawn. And it Is trimmed
with a lace insertion through which a
wide white ribbon is run. This ribbon
is tied in a big bow upon the middle
The Dutch dresses are nearly ail of
of Instep length and are all made round
with the fullness evenly distributed.
The skirts are gathered or are plaited,
or are bo arranged that the hlDS are
extremely full with the fullness laid
flat, while It is allowed to flare around
the foot. In a certain trousseau there
Is to be a wedding gown of white net.
fine almost as lace. Yet it is not an
expensive net, for It is partly cotton
and partly silk. The bride has. with
her own hands, run silver threads
through the material, patiently work
ing upon It all the spring.
A Wcddingr Gown Design.
The buying of strings of beads is
considered a good investment these
days and women who wish to enlVven
their costumes are Investing in strings
of silver, crystal and dull thick pink
ish enamel. . ; .-; ;
A girl who is always exceedingly well
dressed Is now at work upon her trous
seau. She is buying material for the
little Dutch dresses which are so much
the style. It takes eight yards in the
wide materials and from sixteen to
twenty in the narrower stuffs.
Is in green and white and a great
glossy green taffeta sash is tied around
the waist- All is cool in the green and
white tones with a great string of gold
beads around the neck for relief.
And, speaking of gold beads, one may
digress long enough to say that beads
are worn in the daytime as well as in
the evening and there are creat strings
of gems of all kinds. Strings of cold
beads that fell almost to the floor were
wound around the throat of a gueet at
the Queen's garden party the other day.
And it was Mrs. Arthur PagetFwho in
augurated the custom of wearing:
strings of pears In the daytime and
great ropes of turquoise beads.
A gown of electric blue gauze has
Just been completed for one of the wo
men manacers of the World's Fair. It
is made round. In the old-fashioned
way. It is what is called a wartime
pdwn, modeled after the gowns worn
by the women of the Confederacy.
This wartime gown Is made with
round skirt ruffled to the waist. Each
little ruffle has Its own little heading:.
The waist Is also round and ruffled.
Ar.d there !s a wide sash tied In tha
back and left to float wide and free.
The revival of pale blue has brought
the electric b!ues into vogae.' They are
very bright, very light, blues remind
ing one of blue white. In the day time
this shade of blue does not come out
very brilliantly, but In the evening it
is exceedingly lustrous.
«-* JT RS. DANIEL MANNING, first
(\/\ of her sex at St. Louis, has
V. "* I €t tne Etyle In electric col-
JL ors. She wears all electric
hues and the world has ta&en up the
fashion. - .
•"Madam's gown should look exactly
like an electric light I"
The epeaker was a fashionable mo
diste of Fifth avenue and the patron a
millionairess. The sown was a shade
of white called, electric white, j Threads
of silver were woven through it
until It ehown like light. It was
trimmed with silvered paillettes. A (
eilver girdle with a' great cut silver
buckle gleamed from the waist.
Mrs. Manning wears a great deal a
grown of electric pink. It Is very
bright, so bright as to suggest red. but
in its depths there Is a cold glow in
stead of a warm red light. She
chooses a wide clrdle of pink trimmed
with Bllver braid. The neck is low,. but
is encircled with cut silver passemen
terie. The frown is exceedingly brilliant
in the light. " : . v '¦*,
DY AUGUSTA PRESCOTT.
The flower gowns are so numerous
this year" that" one dressmaking estab
lishment has adopted the expedient of
naming each gown before it goes out
and the gowns are "billed in tha^t man
ner. 4 Each dress as it Is fitted and the
trimmings added receives its . flower
name. A gown for a Washington
woman is called a Dond Illy dress. It
Gowns Arc like Flowers.
The ballroom effects will bfe .flower
like. That is the only way to de'scribe
them. Each dress will be built after
a flower and will be complete ,ln its
appearance. There will be no jarring
note. One gown, a jonquil gown, is in
pale yellow tatfeta trimmed with ruf
fles of dyed lace of precisely the same
tone. The belt is scarlet with an em T
broidery of yellow and there is a little
scarlet embroidery upon the waist.
Scarlet and yellow give a gown a very
flowerllke effect.
The simple styles are really the most
effective, though not necessarily, the
cheapest. Many of them are positively
extravagant, for the simple appearance
is simple in name only. Really the cost
is heavy, for the material is elegant
ar.d the et cetcras of a kind that are
not picked up on every counter for a
little .:' !'_v;
For the waist the foxy, girl of the
period will lose sight of the old-fash
ioned waists and will cut out a waist
after one of her old shirt waist pat
terns. She will choose a model that
buttons in the back and she will see to
it that the shoulders are built very low.
The shoulders can be lowered in ef
fect by applying a strip of lace in such
a manner that it extends down the
arm to the elbow. Of course, there are
wide sleeve puffs opening in a big
balloon shape with the inner part filled
with lace. '
How to make your party
porni and how many yards and
what kind of man-rial you will
need If you wnnt one of the
fashionable UttJe Dutch dresses
of the winter. How to embroid
er your evening pown and wliat
to do la the matter of . petti
coats and sinilcs. The eolor
note will be W;te and yon can
braid jour gown In Oriental
notes.
WHEN YOU GO TO DINNERS AND DANCE
under this is worn the neatest little
lace ruffled vest, while the skirt is
round and semi-long, swinging clear
of the ground, yet almost touching it.
The Hair Dressed Low.
Handsome dresses are in the Eugenie
nfodels in those days when they wore
a bun. And, what i3 more, the women
of to-day are wearing the bu^. With
the coming In of the low style of hair
dressing the big, round chignon is actu
ally demanded .by women of slender
tresses, and it is not at all unusual to
see the great coil of hair low hanging
upoji the neck, either covered by a net
or not. This style is becoming to so
many that it will probably grow more
popular.
Of course, the postillion tabs will not
go out. But they come in many forms.
There are the two little tails, buttoned
to the back of the belt with handsome,
buttons. And there are the belts with
danglers In the back, long cotton
shaped ornaments and silk trimmings,
with fringe hanging from wheel-shaped
pieces.
But the majority of the belts are
girdle shaped, wide and on the crush
order, extending well up under the
arms. The neatness of this girdle fin
ish cannot be questioned, and it is no
wonder that it is growing in popular
estimation. Women, who formerly
thought one belt enough for the fall
season are now supplying themselves
with from six to sixteen.' And this is no
fairy tale.
One woman declares that her ward
robe is quite made by her numerous
girdles. Being short of figure, she
plans them so that they come down be
low the belt, making a becoming point
below the natural waist line. They are
always extremely wide and are made
in a great variety of ways from a very
great variety of materials. She uses
Klen-i hu'.r a d-.zen ut the tiniest
pearls.
And there are fichus that knot upon
the breast and hang down far below
the waist line. But these low hanr;ln,r
fichus somehow have the suggestion of
a r.egiiste. and one cannot get rid of
the idea that they are more .appropri
ate upon the dinner gown than upon
the breakfast dress.
One of thesa handsome fichus is madu
of fine white net. decorated with a.
lovely floral embroidery. Flowers
chase each other all over the fichu.
so that, when it is folded upon the
shoulders there Is a distinct floral vlr.2.
Finally the fichu is folded across th*
bosom in surplice fashion, and is se
cured at the belt.
To Wear on the Neck.
Fichu pins are much seen. They
are handsome little jeweled ornaments
for fastening the fichu to the sash or
to tho bodice. They are not stick pins,
but are substantial pins, very much set
with colored stones or made of plain
pearl, in whose depths many colors
shine.
The fancy for throwing something
or other around the neck Is a growing
one. Furs have already appeared,
and women who own handsorno sable*
collars are wearing them with their
evening gowns, even though It be- sum
mer time. The custom of wearing furs
all the year around has always been
the ¦vogue abroad. But It has not al
ways been the style here. But now
the nice furs are brought out and
women who own a $100 0 collar are
not Inclined to put It away out of sight
half the year.
A rich New York woman owns what
she calls a Persian lamb necklace. It
is on the boa order, wide and Cat. and
she throws it around her neck and
shoulders over her dinner gown. It
gives the necessary note of black,
and, being soft and velvety. It seems
to be a part of the dinner costume, no
matter what Its color may be.
The wide, flat feather collars are
worn, and they are trimmed very often
with dangling things, and quite as
often with bands of silk, and even wltli
embroidery.
Not a few of the handsome dinner
dresses show a decided inclination to
fellow the fad for putting on a kind
of trimming on top of the other. There
are two kinds of lace, one appllqued
over the other. And there are hand
some, dressy materials, heavily em
broidered, and over the embroidery
there Is a trimming of raised flowers.
Braiding 13 coming In and some very
good effects are obtained by braiding
silks. Braided taffetas are pretty, as
are braided materials of all sorts.
There Is a sort of furor for braiding
cloth dresses, and soutache is put on
in many scrolls and In conventional
ized forms.
A little bird comes from Paris, sing-
Ing a blue note. It chirps that blu»
la to be the dressy color of fall anc
that there are many shade3 of blu-
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALIl
of the rront. a bow which , shines
through the gown.
It was supposed, and It was hoped
by not a few, that the day of : trans
parencies was past. But,- truth to tell,
they are as much in evidence as ever.
In a study of tho gown of the year, as
seen in the shops and as noted upon
the counters, one can count half a doz
en thin materials to one heavy.- one.
And/ so, In spite of the vogue for sat
ins, heavy silks, for chiffon "velvets and
for the great variety of French dotted
and figured ellks, one does see thin
stuffs. •
Transparencies that show lovely little
floral figures are . made ' up Into the
prettiest evening and dancing gowns
ever seen. Many of these, dresses are
made on the picture -order so that one
looks just like an old-time picture with
the same laded tones and.; the same
striking, characteristics. "•"¦
It is said that every woman who
wants to dress . well prays that she
may.. be picturesque. Unless she can
look like a picture she might as well
give up. She aims not only to resemble
the old paintings,' but to copy them ex
actly, and many, gowns are^actual re
productions of the handsome works of
art to be seen in the galleries. > .:;: ¦ ; "
A particularly lovely picture gown,
copied from a painting of the last cen
tury, shows a ' high, square j crowned
hat wl^h Gainsborough tendencies.
It is white with a long plume of blue.
There is a Directc/lre coat, very long
v.aisted, and tight upon the hips, and
10Fables for the Fooiisl*— By Nicholas Nemo
BEFORE AND AFTER
knot was tied he discovered to his sur
prise that the only air that she seemed
to care very much about was the kind
that rises to the surfa.ee in large bub
bles ; after the cork ; has been . drawn.
As -for poetry and other forms of- in
tellectual' nourishment, the only read-
Ing that she appeared to hanker, for
was that on the common or" garden
bill ' of fare. She could make a 1 5 bill
look like the recollections of the night
before -and .then call It- a light lunch
and begin to wonder when it .would
be time for dinner.. .
Young Croesus had had a general
idea that he would be the whole thing
and something over in his' menage
and that Amy's activity would be "con-
fined to holding down a pile of cush
ions In the cozy corner and wishing
that It was time for hubby dear to
come home from that dreadful 'bfflca
and have his head stroked. His sur
prise was considerable when he read
the code of laws that was laid down
for his dally walk and 'conduct after
the honeymoon had seti'He.was never
to go to the club without a ¦ special
dispensation that must be arranged
for at least two days in advance. and
under no circumstances was he to stay
out a to dinner, unless Amy was In the
party. Every week he had a budget
shoved at him enumerating the num
ber of things that were absolutely nec
essary for the peace and : comfort of
the household. After that had been
attended to and a proper allowance
made for the things that ought to be
bought because they were so cheap,
he might use the rest of his income as
he saw , fit. It is unnecessary to re
mark that there never was any rest,
either for '. the income or for Croesus.
This has been going on for a num
ber of years and Croesus has grown
hardened to it, but he still wonders
how he made such a mistake in Bis
original diagnosis. The only satisfac
tory, conclusion at which he has ar
rived is that the man who accused
frailty of being a woman In disguise
had never been married.
(Copyright. 1904. by Albert Britt.)
rage among the fair sex of the com
munity. EnouTgh caps had been set at
• him to maintain three able bodied mil
linery shops and . he had to hire a
private detective to sit outside the
door when he was asleep to Jceep peo
ple from breaking in and carrying him
off.
v The gentle Amy had never been se
riously considered among the entries
for the matrimonial sweepstakes. It
- '.s generally thought that she was
too sweet and frail a thing to trust
herself into the cold and chilling at
mosphere of the "practical world where
such [business-like affairs as matri
monial alliances are consummated. * In
fact, it was generally supposed, at
least among the member- of her own
sex, that Amy Intended to devote her
life to the succoring of the poor and
helpless. It never occurred to them
that that's what most married women
do; if it wasn't for the necessity of
caring for the aforesaid poor and
helpless it is doubtful if there would
be very many marriages in this sin
ful world. Since Solomon, that stand
ard authority on matrimony, gave it
up, there is no one to speak with
grsat weight on the exact nature of
the qualities that women like in men,
but it is a safe bet that most women
enter into the more or less holy
bonds of wedlock Just to keep the men
from hanging around and bothering
other people.
Matrimony is like dreams, . it gene
rally goes by contraries. It is not
meant to imply that married people
are contrary, not all of them at least
Nor is it suggested that the married
state is a dream from which most
people awaken in the course of time.
The theory which we are trying to
drag out into the cold and unfeeling
light of day Is that in marriage, as
on the stock exchange, you never can
telL Very few men marry the women
that other people have, picked out for
them and no women do. The only
time that a man ever allows some one
else to draw is when the individual
who draws keeps the ticket for her
self, and even then he seldom realizes
that he didn't put his hand into tho
box and choose for himself.
But we must return to Amy before
the gentle creature gets frost-bitten.
Amy never let the unappreclative
world know that she was out for the
money herself and that she had a line
dangling for the youthful descendant
of J. Pierpont Croesus. She jus% sat
around where she was sure that he
could see her and looked pensive. She
realized that there would be time
enough to look expensive after it was
all over. Then when he happened
around in her neighborhood she
would draw a deep sigh from tha^
northeast corner of her gentle bosom
and cast her eyes upward as though
she was expecting a Marconlgram
from the other world every minute
telling her that she had overstayed
her leave. It was a great play and
it worked HKe a charm.
One evening young Croesus confided
to Amy that she made all the other
women look like ! millionaires' daugh
ters and that she was all to the good
and the returns still coming in. At
this she sent down a hurry-up call for
another sigh, extra deep, and informed
him in appealing tones and with what
Is known in the trade as a swift up
ward glance that she had trusted him
instinctively from the first minute that
he came around the corner. . After
that there was nothing to ,do but to
send out the cards'and get busy with/
the dressmaker. ;
After she had him safely in the fold
with a Yale lock on the gate, Amy
began to lay her catds on the table
face up and he discovered that what
he had imagined was an angel * very
thinly disguised was a full ; grown
woman with a slight suggestion of the
place from which angels are ¦ not de
rived. During the period of courtship
up • to and extending a short distance '
into the honeymoon Amy had seemed
to exist principally on air and poetry
administered In large doses. After the
•t ER name was Amy, and that
Lj was Just the way she looked.
j[ I The casual observer, who is al
+S ways around where he is not
wanted, would have sworn that she
was a dead ringer for the late gentle
Amy. who so sadly disappointed the
poet laureate in his early years. She
was Email and wistful and looked as
though she was always on the point
of bidding adieu to this vain world on
account of its vanity and crudity and
general lack of gentleness. The first
Impression that every male creature
had on first sighting Amy was that
she should be wrapped carefully in
cotton and wool«and laid away so that
the wind's of Manitoba and the coun
try in the back of Fargo should not
visit her too roughly, and that he was
the man to do it. She had the robust
appetite of a canary bird, at least in
public, and ehe never seemed to be
able to walk more than two blocks
without resting. „
Beside the wistful Amy all the other
girls in sight looked like coarse, un
feeling, and rudely healthy creatures,
who thought only of the three square
meals a day that were coming to
them. Of course, , it happened, as it
always does, at least in novels, that
there was one young man in town
who was very much in demand among
the opposite sex. He had so much
money that he couldn't' be bothered
with thinking about it and It was even
rumored that he had been known to
indulge in speculations In shipbuilding
stock and other wild dissipations with
out a thought of the probable conse
quences. It was not that he was
naturally vicious; be was young and
rich, that was all, and it is universally
admitted that youth must have its
fling, especially when it has money in
the bank to pay for what has been
flung.
As has been remarked above, this
particular young man was quite the
First and foremost it must be re
membered that to commit the instruc-
tions to memory is not all that is nec
essary. A woman must practice them
Take the ruffian -who attempts to
steal your brooch or grasp you by the
throat. Up go your hands and you
take a grip oa his forearm near the
and keep in practice, for this is the
only keynote to~a successful applica
tion. It will be found after practice
that almost unconsciously wfien any
one's hands are placed on you sud
denly you - will at once assume a de
fensive attitude, which if it is a seri
ous case will give you an advantage,
which will make you mistress of the
situation. But without practice yo*4
will not be able to cope with your as
sailant.
Another thing to remember Is to
watch the eyes of your assailant. He
has got to look where he Is going to
grab and you will be able to forecast
his move.
Just as soon as you down your ruf
fian get away, using all your powers
of speech to summon heljv
There is another of the same- order
that will throw a ruffian. It la to
grab the back of the neck with the
left hand and shova the right In his
face so that the fingers coma under his
nose. An upward pressure against the
nose will throw Miim off his balance
In a second and he will go down. , There-
Is no stopping; the strongest man in
the world cannot stand the pain. It
makes him as helpless as a child.
An act which requires a great deal
of practice, but is very effective when
accomplished, is to grab the wrist when
one is being struck and Jerk it In the
direction of the blow. This. In many
eases, will pull the arm out of the
socket at the shoulder, but to accom
plish It one must be exceedingly quick
with arms and feet, for it means that
you must sidestep out of range as you
grab the wrist.
Another thing that n don* un
der the same circumstance is* to side
step and grasp the wrist with both
hands and quickly torn the arm out
ward. This will also throw him off his
balance and more than likely will bring
him lo the ground.
Always remember one thing: Bare;
step backward, for you loss your bal
ance and put yourself at a disadvan
tage. Practice stepping sideways out
of danger. By practice you will find
which hand Is going to be used and
you can take the other side.
Another good source of protection la
to carry a good stout stick pin In your
collar. This is easier to find and will
allow of quicker action.
There is one way to place a ruffian,
especially one who is under the Influ
ence of liquor, at your mercy, and that
Is the well-knov.n trick of pulling th«
coat down off the shoulders. Ton then
have his arms tied and he is powerless
to do you any harm.
*A trick which is likely to give one a
shudder when it is considered, but yet
one which is permissible when one feel*
that it is to be used in self-defense.
Is to grasp the face, gouging the thumb
deep into the eye. There la no human
being that can F*r.:.d the pain and It
will result In throwing the ruffian flat
on his back. It will take all the fight
out of a man. It is a garr.e not to his
liking.
wrist and with a quick turn you brlna?
his arm over your shoulder, making
a fulcrum and with a sudden Jerk
downward you will break hia arm. In
practice do this slowly, for it Is most
powerful and if you ara not careful
you will make your subject a candi
date for Jhe hospital.
In traveling alone on the streets at
night it is a splendid idea to carry *
parasol or umbrella. Keep It un
latched with the right hand on th«
slide at the rib3. If you are attacked
and the ruffian tries to grasp you It
is very easy to open it In his face. You
will find that the sudden opening of It
will cause him to try and crab you.
umbrella and all, but by shoving It
into his face with the right hand ex
tended you will be able to duck past
him to one side and out of danger
while he Is trying to get the parasol
or umbrella, out of his way.
Another defense in the use of th» hit
pin when attacked from behind.
The mere act of raising the arm wlU
cause the ruffian to press downward
Instead of grasping you tighter around
the throat. But he will not be abl» to
stop you from getting your hat pin.
when you can twist around and his
face will be at your mercy.
This is in striking opposition to New
York, the greatest city in the United
States, where a woman cannot walk
two blocks, after dark, without having
some one speak to her. There may be
occasions even here when a woman
may meet a ruffian who is intent on
robbery or under the influence of
liquor. It is at such times that her
presence of mind must outwit his
strength. It is for that purpose that
these few simple instructions are given.
At t!i<? present time San Francisco
«>::joyE a reputation which it is safe
to say ko other city can boast of. It
is that its women are safe to travel
its streets at all hours unmolested. If
they vvi'.l go strictly about their busi
ness. It docs happ<jn sometimes that a
women is accosted ar.d if she is in
¦
h« arlng distance of any one, no matter
how bad the neighborhood, a cry for
help will be answered.
4~WIME and time again when some
I account appears In the papers de-
I scribing a ruffianly attack upon
JL a woman on the streets you have
heard the women folks of your house
hold exclaim: "I know I should faint
if that happened to me." Now. in nine
cases out of ten they don't faint, but
put up a struggle, with overwhelming
odds of strength against them, that is
really to be admired.
The average woman in a desperate
situation is more to be depended upon
then the average man. Taking: this
fact for granted, the average woman,
with the knowledge of a few defensive
tricks, can easily handle the ruffian
to be met with on streets and prevent
harn to herself.
THE SAN; FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALIi
HOW TO DEFEND
YOUR SELF
11bling crowd called ''society." They
dwell in quiet country places where
the lovely influences of their modest
and retiring lives are felt but never
seen. Society likes to be seen rather
than felt. There Is all the difference.
And in . that particular .section of it
whose aim is seeing to be seen and
seen to be seeing the American woman
is as an oasis in the desert. She also
wants to be seen, but she expresses
that desire so naively and often so
bewitchingly that It is a satisfaction
to every one to grant her request. She
also would see, and her eyes are so
bright .and roving and restless ' that
Mother Britannia Is perforce com
pelled to smile Indulgently .and to
open all her Boclal. picture books for
the pleasure of the spoilt child of
eternal Mayflower pedigree. It has to
be said and frankly admitted, too,
ence. #
But I yield to none in my love and
admiration for the real, genuine, un
modernized English maiden, at her
gentlest and best; she Is the rosebud
of the world. And I tender devout
reverence and affection to the unfash
ionable, simple hearted, dear, loving
and overbe'.oved English wife and
mother; she is the rose In all its full
blown glory. Unfortunately, however,
these English rosebuds and roses are
seldom seen in the sweltering, scram-
American sister, but she has an un
happy knack of assuming to be a fool.
She says little, and that little not to
much purpose— she looks .less— it is
dimly understood that shs plays hock
ey, tennis and golf, and has large feet.
She is an athletic enigma. I write this,
of course, solely concerning those Brit
ish women f> young, middle-aged and
elderly, who make "sport" and outdoor
exercise the chief aim and end of exlst-
and regret upon many of c-ur English
lords caught in gambling dens— and
shown up in dishonorable bankruptcies
—some of them have disported them
selves upon the "variety" stage, clad In
women's petticoats and singing comic
songs for a fee— others have "hired
themselves out" as dummy figures of
attraction at evening parties, accepting
five guineas for each appearance — and
they have become painfully familiar
objects in the divorce court, where the
stories of" their most unsavory man
ners and customs, as detailed in the
press, have offered singular "instruc
tion and example" to those ''lower"
classes whom they are supposed to
more or less influence. A return to the
old motto of "noblesse oblige" would
not be objectionable; a readoption of
old unblemished escutcheons of honor
would be appreciated, even by the so
called "vulgar"— and a great noble who
is at the same time a great man, would,
in this present day, be accepted by all
classes with a universal feeling of
grateful surprise and admiration.
But, revenons a nos moutons— the so
cial popularity of the American wo
man In English society. That this is
popular is an admitted and contest
able fact. She competes with the na
tive British, female product at every
turn— in her dress, in her ways. In her
irresistible vivacity, and above all in
her intelligence. 'When she knows
things, she lets people know. that she
knows things. She cannot sit with her
hands before her in stodgy silence, let
ting other folks talk. That Is an Eng
lish habit. No doubt the English girl
or woman knows quite as much as her
gives a joyous lightness to the bound
ing of her heart and the swift grace
of her step. She is full erf energy aa
well as charm. If she sets out to enjoy
herself, she enjoys herself thoroughy.
She talks and laughs freely. . She is
not a mere well-dressed automaton
like the great majority of upper-class
British dames. She Is under the im
pression (a perfectly correct one) that
tongues were given to converse with,
and that lips, especially pretty ones,
were made to smile with. She is, taken
¦
at her best, eminently good-natured
and refreshingly free from the jaun
diced spite against others of her own
sex which savors the afternoon chit
ter-chatter of nine out of every ten
English spinsters and matrons taken
together in conclave. She would, on
the whole, rather say a kind thing than
a cruel one. Perhaps this is because
she is herself so triumphant in her so
cial career— because she is too certain
of her own power to feel "the pangs of
unrequited love," or to allow herself
to be stung by the "green-eyed mon
ster," jealousy. Her care is always
rolling over roses— there is always a
British title going a-begging— always
eome decayed or degenerate or eeml
drunken peer, whose fortunes are on
the verge of black ruin, ready and
willing to devour, monster like, the ho
locaust of an American virgin, pro
vided bags of bullion tare flung, with
her. Into his capacious maw. Though
certainly, one should look upon the
frequent marriages of American heir
esses with effete British nobles, as the
carrying out of a wise and timely dis
pensation of Providence. New blood
fresh sap— is sorely needed to invigor
ate the grand old tree of the British
aristocracy, which has of late been
looking sadly as though dry rot were
setting In, as though the woodllce were
at work in its heart and the rats bur
rowing holes at its root But, thanks
to the Importation of a few clean
minded, sweet-souled American wo
men, some of the most decayed places
in the venerable stem have been
purged and purified— the sap has risen
and new boughs and buds of promise
are sprouting. And It is -lull time that
this should be.
For. we have had to look with shame
sertive personality acknowl
edged everywhere? Why is she received
by Knights and Earls and belted churls
¦with such overpowering enthusiasm?
Sure!y something subtle, elusive and
mysterious clings to her particular
form, nature and identity, for more
often than not the stolid Britisher,
while falling at her feet and metaphor
ically kissing the hem of her garments,
wonders vaguely how it is that she
manages to make such a fool of them!
To which she might reply, on demand,
that if he were not a fool already she
would not find her task so easy. For
the American woman is, above all
the women in the world, clever— or let
us say "brainy" to an almost Incredible
height of bralniness. She is "all there."
She can take the measure of a man in
about ten minutes and classify him as
though he were a botanical specimen.
She realizes all his limitations, his
"notions" and his special and particu
lar fads, and the has the uncommonly
good sense not to expect much of him.
She would not "take any" on the lily
maid of Astolat, the fair Elaine, who
spent her time in polishing the shield
of Lancelot and who finally died of love
for that most immoral but fascinating
knight of the round table. No, she
wouldn't polish a shield, you bet! She
would make Lancelot polish it himself
for all he was worth, and polish her
own dear little boots and shoes for her
into the bargain. That is one of her
secrets— masterfulness— or, let u« say
queenllness, which sounds better. The
lord of creation can do nothing in the
way of ordering her about, because as
the lady of creation ehe expects to or
der him about— and she does. Ehe ex
pects to be worked for, worshiped and
generally attended to, and she gets her
way. What she wants, she will have,
though "companies" smash and mighty
combines split into infinite nothing
ness; and, more than anytamer of wild
forest animals, she makes all her male
lions and bears dance at her bidding.
Perhaps the •chief note In the ever
ascending scale of her innumerable at
tractions is her intense vitality. The
mixed blood of many intelligent races
courses through her delicate veins and
WHY Is the American woman
so popular in English society?
Why is her charmingly as-
(Copyrighted. 1901, by Central New* and Prets
Exchange.)
"Old maid" may apply to the unfor
tunate female who has passed all the
days of her youth In talking about men
and in failing to catch so much
as one of the wandering tribe, and who.
on arriving at forty years, meekly re
tires to the chimney corner with a
shawl over her shoulders and Eome use
ful knitting, but it carries neither
meaning nor application to the brisk,
brilliant American spinster who at fifty
keeps her trim svelte figure, dresses
well, goes here, there and everywhere,
and sheds her beaming smile with
good-natured tolerance, and perchance
something of gratitude as well, on the
men she has escaped. Life does not
run only In one channel for the Ameri
can Woman. She does not "make
tracks" solely from the cradle to the
altar, from the altar to the grave. She
realizes that there is more fun to be
got out of being born than just this
little o!d measure meted out to her by
the barbaric males of earliest barbaric
periods, when women were yoked to
the plow with cattle — as they still are
in some parts of Switzerland. And It
is the Innate consciousness of her own
power and Intelligent ability that gives
her the dominating charm — the mag
netic spell under which the stolid Brit
isher falls more or less stricken, stupe
fied and inert. He is never a great
talker; she is. Her flow of conversa
tion bewilders him. She knows so
much, too — she clatters of Shakespeare,
Byron, Shelley. Keats— and he thinks
he has heard of these people some
where before. He listens dumbly.
Sometimes he scratches his head—oc
casionally he feels his- moustache, if •
he has one. "When she laughs, he
smiles slowly and dubiously. He hopes
she Is not laughing at him. He feels
—he feels— dontcherknow— that she Is
"ripping." He couldn't tell you what
he means by "ripping" to save his life.
But painfully' accustomed as he Is to
the dull and listless conversation of the
British materfamillas, and to the half
hoyder.ish conduct of the British tom
boy girl who will Insist on playing golf
and hockey with him in order not to
lose him out of her sight, he Is alto
gether refreshed and relieved when
the American Woman dawns upon his
cloudy horizon, and Instead of waiting
upon him, commands him to wa.it upon
her with one dazzling look of her
bright, audacious eye.
The American woman Is not such a
fool as to go play hookey with him at
all times and In all weathers, thereby
allowing him to take the unchecked
measure of her ankles. Sh* is too
clever to do anything that might pos
sibly show her In an unlovely or un
graceful light. She takes care to keep
her hands soft and small and white,
that they may be duly caressable —
and makes the best and prettiest of
herself on all and every occasion. And
that she' has succeeded in taking Eng
lish society by storm is no matter for
surprise. English society, unmixed
with any foreign element, is frequently
said to be the dullest in the world.
It Is an entertainment where no one la
entertained.' A civil apathy wraps
each man and woman in Its fibrous
husk, and sets them separately apart
behind barricades of the most idiotic"
conventionaUty. The American Woman
Is the only being that can break down
these barricades and tear the husk to
shreds. No wonder she Is popular!
The secret of her own success is in
her own personal charm and vivacious
Intelligence— In her light scorn of
stupid ceremonies — In the frank genial
ity of her disposition (when she can
manage to keep it unspoiled by con
tact with the reserved hypocrisy of the
"smart set,") and the delightful spon
tanlety of her thoughts which find
such ready expression In equally spon
taneous speech. Altogether the Amer
ican Woman Is a valuable Importation
Into Great Britain. She Is an Incar
nation of the present and an embyro of
the future. She Is a gifted daughter
of the British race, holding within her
bright, vital ambitious identity many
of the greater responsibilities of Bri
tain. And to the question "Why Is she
popular?"' the answer is sjmple^'be
cause she deserves to be!"
¦ » - ~ •
heads of the day to whom no oppor
briouB term of contempt dare be ap
plied — women who are editors and
proprietors of great newspapers — ¦
women who manage famous schools
and colleges — women who, being left
with large fortunes, dispense the
same in magnificently organized but
unadrertised charities — women who
do so command by their unassisted In
fluence certain social movements and
events that if indeed they were to
marry something like confusion and
catastrophe might ensue among the
circles they control by the introduc
tion of a new and possibly undesir
able element.
tnat much of the popularity attending
an American girl when flhe first conies
over to London for a '"season" Is due
to an idea which the stolid Britisher
gets into his head, namely, that she
has, she must have, money. The
American girl and money are twins,
according to the stolid Britisher's be
lief. And when the stolid Britisher
fixes something, anything, into the
passively resisting matter composing
his brain It would take leviathan with
not one, but several hooks, to unflx it.
And thus it often happens that the
sight of a charmingly dressed, grace
ful, generally "smart". American girl
attracts the stolid Britisher in, the
first place because he say3 to himself,
"money!" He knows all the Incomes
of all the best families In his own
country, and none of them are bis
enough, to suit him. But the Ameri
can girl arrives as more or less of a
financial mystery. She may have thou
sands, she may have millions; he can
never be quite sure. And he does all
he can to Ingratiate himself with her
and give her a good time 'on spec" to
begin with, while he makes cautious
and diplomatic inquiries. If his hopes
rest on a firm basis his attentions are
redoubled; if, on the contrary, they
are built on shifting sand he gradually
diminishes his ardor and like a "wilt
ing flower" fades and "fizzles" away.
I am here reminded of a certain
Carl, renowned in the political and so
cial world, who, when a young man,
went' over on a visit to America and
there fell or feigned to fall deeply in
love with a very sweet, very beautiful,
very gentle and lovable American girl.
In a brief while he became engaged
to her. The engagement was made
public — the wedding day was almost
fixed. The girl's father was extremely
wealthy and she was hia only, child
and sole heiress. But an unfortunate
failure — a gigantic collapse in the
money market, made havoc of the
father's fortunes' 5 and as soon as his
ruin was declared beyond a doubt the
noble Earl, without much hesitation
or ado, broke off hi3 engagement and
rapidly decamped from the States
back to his own country, where, as all
the world knows, he did very well for
himself. Strange to say, however, the
girl whom he had thus brutally for
eaken for no fault of her own had
loved him with all the romantic and
trusting tenderness of first love . and
the heartless blow inflicted upon her
by hl3 noble and honorable lordship
was one from which she never re
covered. The- noble \and honorable
has, I repeat, done very well for him
self, though it Is rumored that he
Bleeps badly and that he has occasion
ally been heard muttering after the'
fashion of Hamlet, Prince of Den
mark, "Oh, God, I could be bounded
In a nutshell and count myself a king
of infinite space were it not that 1
have bad dreams!"
Marriage, however, is by no" means
the only, or even the chief resource
in life of the American woman. She
evidently looks with a certain fav^or
on the holy estate of matrimony and is
quite willing to become an excellent
wife and mother if the lines of her
destiny run that way, but If they
should branch out in another direc
tion, she wastes no time in useless pin-
Ing. She is too vital, too capable, too
intelligent and energetic altogether to
play the role of an Interesting martyr
to male neglect. She will teach, or she
will lecture — she will sing, or she will
act — she will take her degrees In med
icine and surgery — she will practice
for the bar — she will write books, and
the days are fast approaching when
she will become a high priestess of
the church, and will preach to the lost
sheep of Israel as well as to the
equally lost ones of New York or Chi
cago;- she will be a "beauty doctor,"
a "physical culture" woman, "a me
dium," a stock-broker, a palmist, a
florist, a house-decorator, a dealer in
lace and old curiosities — aye! she will
even become a tram-car conductor if
necessity compels and the situation in
open to her— and she will, manage a
cattle ranch as easily as a household,
should opportunity arise. Marriage la
but .* link In the long chain of her
' general efficiency, and like Cleopatra,
"age cannot wither her. nor custom
stale her infinite variety," A curious
. fact and one worth noting is that we
seldom or never hear Americans use
the Ill-bred expression "old maid"
when alluding to such of their femi
nine relatives or friends who may
happen to remain- unmarried. They
know too well' that these confirmed
and settled spinsters are as capable
and as well to the front in the rush
, of life as the wedded wives, 1* not
more so — they know that among these
unmarried feminine forces they have
to reckon with some of the cleverest
WHY AMERICAN WOMEN
ARE POPULAR IN ENGLAND
THE SAN - -FRANCISCO , SUNDAY" CALIlABOUT BIRTHDAY GIFTS (Doubt
ful).—If you feel under obligations to a
friend who | la blessed with" an abun
dance of everything within your power
to give, "do not attempt to send • a pre
tentious gift, which she will know you
cannot afford, and which may be infe
rior to her other possessions. Choose
the safer way and send a bunch
of perfect flowers as a birthday; gift.
Flowers are always In good taste, and
acceptable : to rich and poor • alike.' Aa
you know she has a decided preference
vorlte of yours. This will clearly In
dicate that you appreciate the gift
without needless ado and be entirely
courteous and dignified, yet '.avoiding
anything which may be 'misconstrued
as gush. The art of; writing pleasant
notes and saying Just the correct thing
can readily be acquired by thoughtful
practice. -
• TREATING PERSPIRING HANDS
(B. N. H.). — Hands which' are con
stantly very , moist are certainly dis
tressing, aside from the inconvenience
and damage done to > the .gloves and
other wearing apparel. If -the trouble
results X from extreme nervousness or
general ill .health, make an effort to im
prove your physical condition as rapid
ly as possible. To lessen the annoyance
bathe the palms of the hands frequent
ly with - an astringent solution, and
after drying the hands dust freely with
ror pansles, why not send her a gener
ous box of pansy blossoms from 'your
own garden? I am sure she will be de
lighted with the loving thoughtfulncss
the gift will express. Present it in a
dainty manner, i Get some fine sprays
of maidenhair ferns from a florist, a
box and a few sheets of white waxed
paper. Lay the blossoms in loosely
over the ferns, wrap the box neatly
and tie with pansy colored satin rib
bons and send by a messenger. A card
should always be inclosed in the box.
Yes, you may write a bright quotation
appropriate to the'occaslon across your
engraved card, ; inclosing: it in a small
envelope to, prevent soiling, and ad
dress It to the recipient. Don't ! forget
to plainly label the box to avoid mis
takes In delivery.
TO INCREASE FLESH (Mrs. M. P.)—
The vory thin woman must follow an
entirely different regimen from that<
ordinarily pursued if she expects to put
flesh on her bones. If she is inclined
to worry she should try and not be so
intense In unimportant matters; she
should shut her eyes, in a sense, to
everything she can. The troubles which
never happen wear out the nerves and
destroy the health more completely
than Important events. Read only
pleasant books, and talk .is much as
possible to cheerful, Jolly people, who
are too 'light-hearted to relate harrow
ing tales to enlist your sympathies.
Hurry Is a twin brother to worry, so
try to take life aa leisurely as you
may. Diet Is of paramount impor
tance in growing flesh, and while over
feeding must not be confused with a
liberal diet, the thin woman must eat
plenty of only such foods as will yield
substantial , results. Sweet milk and
cream, eggs, "starchy and sweet veg
etables and fruits, beef, mutton and
fish will certainly Increase her weight,
unless she has some chronic trouble.
Sleep is such an important factor ! In
gaining flesh that I cannot omit a wor,d
on the subject. ; Get ten hours of regu
lar sleep each night in a room well
ventilated and a half -hour nap during
the day, If you can. If Inclined to be
restless during the night, eat a light
TREATING SUMMER RASH (Dora
M.)— The fine red rash which appears
more or less all over the body after
violent exercise or on an excessively hot
day is commonly known as summer
rash, and, while it is very distressing,
need occasion no alarm, as It is neither
dangerous nor a precursor of any skin
PHOTOGRAPHS IN PARLOR
(Ruth A. M.)— It depends entirely upon
your parlor. If it. Is one that is used
on Sundays alone, I would say most
emphatically keep the net out. But if,
en the other hand, it is a place where
all Eorts of Jollifications are held, I
think it wcruld be a pretty way to hang
the pictures. Have you ever tried to
bind them? It is very simple and
most inexpensive and the results are
good. Do not use the same mats, by
the way. Introduce red, for It touches
up the brown net and makes it
brighter and more attractive A pretty
place card and a very simple one as
well is fashioned of wall paper. Go to
any shop that carries that line of
goods and buy a yard of bright red
rcses, shading to the pink, or pink and
white ones. Anything, in fact, that
will help, to carry out your color
scheme. Cut these roses out and write
the name across the rose, where it can
be plainly read. I do not know of a
more attractive card than this and It
serves nicely for tally cards as well.
talcum powder. "Wear cool gloves
whenever you can. of lisle thread or
silk, and when you must don those of
kid dust the inside of the gloves liber
ally with powder to absorb the moisture
and thus assist in protecting the glove3.
Habitually drying the hands on a
rough towel, rubbing the palms thor
oughly each time and strengthening the
muscles of the hands by some light ex
ercise, such as clinching the fists and
opening and closing the fingers thirty
or more times several times each day,
will help matters wonderfully, espe
cially If this exercise is carried on in
connection with the use of some astrin
gent. To prepare an astringent for the
purpose, add to one quart of boiling
hot water one-fourth ounce of pow
dered camphor gum, one-half ounce of
powdered alum and the strained juice
of two lemons. Perfume the mixture
with a few drops of oil of lemon, then
bottle and keep in a cool place. After
washing the hands in the usual way
pour a few drops of the solution on the
palms and' rub it well into the pores.
Should several weeks of the treatment
suggested not give you decided relief, I
would advise you to consult a physician
and take a course of treatment for ner
vousness, which you certainly would
need.
5. Warm salt water is a good wash
to bathe your eyes with in the morn
injr. However, if the irritation con
tinues I would go to an oculist, f^j
you may be able to correct a- serious
trouble with a few treatments. /',
3. The least said the best when "one
drinks to your health." A nod and a
merry-smile is sufficient, butdf there
chances to be a lull a "thank you" fills
up the break. There are people who
have an endless amount of toasts for
just such occasions, but one must b2
very quick or else the opportunity is
lost and the toast a dismal failure.
4. Certainly keep your seat when a
toast is proposed and all at the table
rise to their feet. And do not drink
to this toast.
2. There is only one thing to do for
hair that is split. Go to some good
shop, have it washed well and then
singed. All the split ends will dis
appear os though by masic and it in
itself Is as good as a number of treat
ments.
an endless variety of pretty ways to
make plain shirt waists, but the one
with big pleats on the sides that per
mit of ample fullness still retains its
popularity. Sailor suits are one of the
prettiest ideas that have come in vogue.
Just plain sailor suits' with big collars
such as you used to wear when you
were four or five.
ACCEPTING GIFTS PROM AD
MIRERS (Ignorance). — Generally
speaking all gifts should be promptly
acknowledged orally or by a courteous
note of thanks. The Inexperienced
young woman must, however, learn
the vast difference between courteous
acknowledgment and being too grate
ful for favors received, particularly so
when there is an admirer in the case.*
Nothing so cheapens a woman in the
eyes of a man, no matter what his
sentiments toward her, as to have her
seem to take every trifling attention
as a direct compliment and be over
profuse in thanking him for such at
tentions. This being the case, I would
suggest that you do not acknowledge
feuch a trifle as a souvenir card unless
you see the gentleman or have oc
casion to write him' upon some other
subject; then. simply say you received
the card and thank him for it. He
should be the one to feel flattered that
you accept his gifts and attention, al
though It would not be wise to tell him
bo or to imply any such state of mind
by action on your. part. ; To
strike the happy medium when a grift
is received write a brief note, simply
thanking him. For example, if the
gift happens to be a book, say. that
you anticipate many pleasant hours
reading It or that the author is a fa-
paid for his or her brains, and not to
do "social stunts." This may seem to
you intensely practical, almost to the
point of being brutal, yet it Is strictly
true. Do not, however, misunderstand
me. I take it for granted that every
one will show his or her associates the
ordinary courtesies, but to expect your
employer or any male member of the
office staff to open doors when you have
occasion to leave the room, to arrange
the ventilation to suit you and other
like things is expecting too much. The
men with whom you are associated are
interested in their work, consequently
cannot be expected to neglect it to wait
upon you. If you are a wise girl you
will change vour tactics, and instead of
imagining every one intends a slight
go about the work assigned you in a
quiet, businesslike manner, and you
will soon V/e so absorbed in your work
that you wilj not notice the trifles of
which yoy complain. The woman who
is faithful, self-reliant, reserved and
dignified in her manners will meet with
consideration in the average office, but
there is no place in the business world
for the social martyr. To resign one
good position nfter another for no bet
tor reason than that you insist upon
being waited upon and accorded elab
orate courtesy will soon give you an
undesirable reputatlon'among business
men, and you will soon find it difficult
to obtain a position, for business men
will not stand such nonsense.
lunch before retiring. A glass or two
of warm milk and a slice of thickly
buttered brown bread will be sufficient.
Coffee .and sweets should never form
a part of such a repast.
DEPILATORY (A. C.) — Once a
month should be plenty to use any
good depilatory. I really doubt If it
will be necessary to use it bo often, but
much depends upon Individual cases,
of course. Try it and wait just as long
as you can before using it again. If
the hair comes out a dark color — you
see. I do not know whether you are
fair .or not — buy a small bottle of
peroxide of hydrogen. Put about a tea
spoonful of ammonia in it and use it
as a bleach.
THE FINICAL. .GIRL (Maude).—
Judging from your letter your troubles
in office work are largely of your own
making, because of a perverted idea of
business customs. The girl who starts
out. in life with the firm idea that she
will receive, if not exact, drawing-room
manners from all men she meets in an
office will surely meet sore disappoint
ment and strew her path with thorns
instead of roses. It is absurd for you
to say that a man who does not extend
you society courtesies in an office is not
a gentleman. You forget that in society
men and women have naught to do but
be at their best, while in the hurry of
a busy office each man and woman is
SCHOOL FROCK (Doris).— There are
any number of pretty soft materials
that are always good .for school wear-
Mohair is especially good, as it is light,
will shed the dirt easily and never
looks stringy, as many fabrics do after
the first rain. In this day of full
skirts I should by all means advise one.
If the amount of fabric makes any dif
ference take the simpler way. Make a
straight full skirt, gathered on to the
band at the waist, and for trimming
have three broad tucks. The other way
is a pleated skirt, full and straight.
With such a skirt I should advise a
shirt waist to match. Full and but
toned slightly at one side with small
pearl buttons. A soft leather belt to
match or to form a sharp contrast
would finish' such a suit nicely. For
instance, if the material is of dark
blue the belt should be red. There are
Answers to
Correspond'entts
auie.
A" these potent influences had found
that a. eubject had more than one an
gle, and that the direct, "the face to
fnce view, was far from being the
principal one in life and art. The
oblique in literature and painting be
pt.r. to play B i«art not much inferior.
The effect of this was salutary, for
the writer could now study almost a
new* creature and the painter actually
found a model who had not grown stale
ia the studios. All the great men at
nnce' bfcainc not mere artista of the
fiat, but painters in the figure. Their
ebility to make their figure painting
living when the eyes were cast down
or turned away or not even seen was a
rrcat victory for art, because it point
ed the way for realism. They painted
the!r models In various attitudes, in
which the back showed the broadest
expanse of flesh, but they little knew
—what pioneers ever do?— how much
the*' had accomplished.
The sentiment they had tasted had
still to become a part of their con
sciousness. These first painters of the
Jsack had obliterated the traces of their
•predecessors, but .their work remained
jejune, insignificant and often dull.
•The public was so far Indifferent to
these results that it manifested only a
lukewarm surprise that bo many of the
women pictured in the new canvasea
. turned their backs to the spectators.
• There is no use denying the fact that
the back is fascinating and that the
.women of to-day have Just realized
that fact 1s, of ltFelf, most peculiar.
JThe woman, though, who Is fortunate
TjrerCteEt, who added pleasure to the
world by their subtle appreciation of
4he beauty of there lines. In fact, the
strength of the indirect may be said to
have been discovered then — at the be
ginning of romanticism, with Gros and
his contemporaries in paintirg, Spon
tir.5 and i-esucur in music and Cha
'u-aubriar.d and lime, de Ktael in liter-
came Beany painters, few of them the
gives just the required touch of the
fc'iar.dicse.
Bf hiding the repentant woman s
face end concentrating his attention
elsewhere his results are sometimes
marked by real solemnity of emotion
*":)d propriety of utterance.
It is, Etrajisely enough, among the
French romantic school and among ar
tists whose training has been practi
cally French, that this view of the
feminine figure has received its most
delicate and charming handling. The
classicists rarely realize the beauty of
it, .but with the romantic movement
Of DIMPLED back and pretty
¦f \ rounding shoulders are the lat
f .1 cst decree of Dame Fashion, and
¦ I forsooth the has ordered them
.because she suddenly realized
thflr great importance. In fact, so
great is the tyranny of the pink and
white dimpled back that the woman
*\ho is fortunate enough to possess one
often has more power of fascination
than her sister whose face is divinely
fair, but whose shoulders are — alack
*a.r.d alas — despairingly scrawny. A
dimpled back may not be the last word
of beauty, but it has a magic — there is
r.o other expression for it — of its own.
There is In its soft roundness, in its
.curves at once rhythmics 1 and placid,
a note of mystery and romance. It
most certainly appeals to the senses
truly, for whrn one sees a beautiful
back one is not anxious to bohold the
face' of its possessor, for it holds th~
attention incSrptndently. Even after
the face h^s been s<»en and little found
. ther.e, " another clar.ee at the dimpled
back renews the independent attrac
*lion.
Every one. It matters but little who
¦ it chances to 1-.i\ always admires a
"pretty wroman. ;¦- .a measure, it is
the analyst of • . ity for beauty's
pake' who is able io j.iJge independently
on this fascinatiri:; part of the femi
nine -form. Ke must have the har
jnoiWe instinct well developed before
. lie realizes to the full its charms upon
him, and then he must be either a poet
or a. bold man to express it, for the
world would be more quickly scan
dalized-by a compliment paid to a
/woman's back than to her face. For
the latter there is apt to be precedent;
"for the former there would have to be
The woman In the ballroom Is ad
"mired on all hands and men are willing
to run and tear their hair for her, but
after all it la to the painters that on»
must go for the truest appreciation.
"Sculptors have too many things on
*he;r minds, too many points of view to
consider, and eo cannot concentrate
"{aler.t on the soft back and shoulders
* ts they would like, while the painters
¦ need only to consult their own tastes
before turning a model's face away
and painting what attracts them.
.* Fashion — poor old soul! — in her vain
attempts at originality frequently veils
the form of a woman to the throat;
modish art rarely follows her lead too
rlusely, but lets fall a fold of drapery
•to expose a beautifully modeled shoul
der and in so doing frequently offend*
rauie sensibilities than the is at first
•await.- Ot
".'But there is a danger line and the
v.re woman does not gu one-eighth of
1 an inch below it. The world over there
i it prudish men and women who must
ha won over to the broad-minded ad
n.;rntiun, but to do this no more of
\*ie back should be shown than the line
Jfcsi. below the shoulder blades. To go
further is to verge un the improper, or,
i.'i a:.y rate, the vulgar.
Jtere a:e Litremista and, unfortu
nately, to the crack of doom there will
be.- if it is the style to wear low
Jrocks milady's is just a trifle lower
than her neighbor's. But. on the other
liar.d. i! high collars are the vogue, she
. must possess oc-; a half inch higher
* than, is comfortable or pretty. And so
there is apt to t>e danger in this fad
»>f to-day. The V-shaped waist that
h; rut to the waist line certainly is not
"attractive and the square neck that
"knows the shoulder blades is too low
for .beauty.
'•Delacroix is credited with having
: FCid, "There is nothing inexpressive in
any pait of humanity; every portion
Klviild breathe and teil its meaning."
Bo perhaps that is why the back with
Irs innate significance a.nd sentiment
teas tailed forth the utmost subtlety
and strength from many of the great
est. There are at least two men great
«. in art who have constituted themselves
th*e pocts-in-paint of the feminine
back with the face partly or entirely
fumed away. It is needless to tay
that Henner is cue of tnem. His rec
oVd of the Magdalen, her aspects and
qualities, rarely deals with the face;
*Jt usually places emphasis on the
'-shoulders and the back.
He has been wise, and perhaps not
(or the reason that renders his name
particularly suitable here, because ths
lace of the Magdalen would be too sen
timental in feeling and effect; her back
The exercises prescribed by this regi
men for strengthening and preserving
the shapeliness of the back are excel
lent. But best of all is the exercise of
rowing. A half hour's work a day at
the oars in a boat in summer or at a
rowtng machine in winter will prevent
any undue increase of flesh, keep the
lines of the shoulders soft and yielding
and continue almost unto old age the
languorous charm of a din\pled back.
. \
enough to possess one has one trouble
to fight— for these fascinating curves
soon grow old. Left to themselves they
quickly harden, the depressions deepen
into great abysses and the curves take
on unlovely lumps of flesh. Great care
and constant exercise of the right kind
used in Just the right amount are nec
essary 'to preserve youthful contours
here. ! lAissage is beneficial, bo are the
Swedisrf movements, of which once we
heard too much and now we hear too
little. .
disease. It will yield readily to treat
ment, although it is apt to return
again after each exposure to severe
summer hejlt. In cases where the rash
Is of an aggravated nature, spreading
over a considerable part of the body,
it indicates a feverish state of the
blood, which can be generally correct
ed by abstaining from highly seasoned
foods, and especially if such are
greasy. Eat plenty of cooling foods,
fresh fruits, vegetable salads and
mildly acid drinks, such as lemonades,
keeping the digestive organs in the
best possible condition at all times.
Before retiring take a warm bath,
using a good tar or carbolated soap,
as it is essential to remove every trace
of perspiration and the impurities
which it has drawn to the surface. Put
two quarts of tepid water in a bowl
and add half an ounce of bicarbonate
of soda. When dissolved sponge the
entire body with Ihs solution and al
low it to dry without. the use of a
towel. Then dust the patches of rash
with a good lp.!cum powder, and you
will experience immediate relief from
the distressing itch. This treatment
will not injure the mosl sensitive skin,
and may be freelv used on the hands
and face if fo desired. If the discom
fort is felt during the day you may
repeat the treatment, but do not take
more than one soap bath in a day; pre
cede the second application ; with a
thorough tepid "water sponge bath. \
WHAT WOMEN WANT TO KNOW
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALE,
13
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MME. YALlF?
Almond Blossom
COMPLEXION
....CREAM
GREATEST
TOILET LUXURY
MADE
Cleanses, softens, purifies,
whitens and beautifies the
skin. Soap and water only
cleanse superficially.
Kme. Yale >ays: A little Almond
Blossctn Complexion Cream lionld
be aTJplicl every ttma tia fac.
and hasCs are washed. Xt removes
the dust, soct, ffrime, srant aad
cmndzo frora the Interstices et
the sxla &nd sakts the ¦nxfaca
«noot!x as velTet.
A daily necessity at home and
abroad; a treasure when traveling
by land and water, or when on an
outing of any kind, and particu-
larly prized at a seaside or moun-
tain resort. Protects the skin
from cutting wind's, burning rays
of the sun and every injurious ef-
fect of the elements. Prevents
and cures abnormal redness of
the nose or any part of the face,
'and that purplish hue due to ex-
posure to cold, also chapping,
chafing, cold sores, fever blfsters
and all irritation of the skin. It
is the greatest known specific for
burns; takes the fire out more
quickly than anything else,
soothes, heals and prevents scars
and suppuration. Indispensable
ior use of infants and every mem-
ber of the household. An exqui-
site natural bcautifier. A grateful
application after shaving. Excel-
lent for massaqe purposes. Now
in two sizes. Mme. Yale's Almond
Blossom Complexion Cream is
now sold in two sizes by
OWLDR.UGCO.
(Boih Stcres)
1128 Market Street
80-82 Geary Street
At special price of 40c and 80cFor me it was r.ot worth this great
sacrifice, dear child. But for my men.
and their wives and their children it
was well done!"
They covered the figure, beautiful
even in death, in tender but soldierly
fashion, and carried her to Major Davis*
quarters. Then they withdrew arid left
those two alone, the tall, fair man in
h!s stem uniform; the tall, silent wom
an, with the peaceful smile frozen on
her lips. The man bent over and kissed
those lips— for the first tirm>
The girl was conducted to Major
Davis' quarters and remained for half
an hour. Then she rode away She
¦was hardly outside the gate when a
silent alarm brought the men out of
barracks to fall in. A quarter of an
hour later they had manned the de
fenses and were waiting for Red
Cloud and his six hundred warriors to
attack. When the rush was made the
famou3 chief was beaten for the first
time In his life, and there were only
4S3 warriors to escort him back to his
village. Had ne coma an hour earlier
not a man or woman In Fort Brady
would have escaped the tomahawk.
"It was the little Mexican gal that
gave the reds away," explained soldier
to soldier. And the tongue of gossip
iv&s silent.
In tho morning, when the soldiers
pushed out here and there to gather up
the sulky wounded and the silent dead,
two of them came across a sight that
was not pleasant to see.
take this up. eh? Prominent officer
mashed on a cussed good-looking lit
tle Greaser gal— rid— out to chin-chin
with her— she rides back to return his
call — love — romance — elcpement. Every
thing here for a first-class noveL"
"With death in It If you Insult ma
further:" said Pepita. as she drew a
dagger and menaced him.
"A kitten with claws, eh? Put up
that frog-sticker and come along with
me." nfraa
It s coming it pretty strong.- little
one, but it's not for. me to Interfere.
Say, Pete, if we only had a paper to
"Oh, that's the game, eh?" chuckled
the man to himself and winked at the
sentinel through the darkness.
"At once, if you please." :
His wife had gone East, and he was
oot the man to enter into a flirtation
in her absence. Once more he saw
Peplta at the ranch as he rode on
official ''business, and once she was
found lingering around the fort as If
to get speech with some one. Gossip
filled in all the rest. It was a lonely,
out-of-the-world post, and there had
to be gossip about some one or some
thing. The major was .guyed by his
brother officere about the girl, and he
knew that the rank and file were talk-
Ing, but he went his way a^nd said
nothing. They would not know that
he had offered to send the girl East
where his wife or his mother might
provide for her.
Then one autumn night, when the
gossip was at its height, the sentinel
at the gate suddenly called for the
corporal of the guard. It was dark
and gusty, v/ith falls of rain at inter
vals, but he had caught sight of a
figure skulking about. The corporal
made a dash through the darkness and
laid his hands on a human being— on
a woman! It was Pepita! Near at
hand was the pony on which she had
covered a distance of twenty-eight
miles in the last four hours.
"I want to see the Senor Davis."
she said as the corporal demanded her
business.
ranch house and sought to put Jose at
his ease, his one object to get another
sight of the girl whose warning had
prevented a tragedy. For just five
seconds she stood in the half-open door
and smiled at him. but before he could
thank her she was gone.
This was the beginning of the major's
"mash;" as his regiment choose to
It.
"They are asitep, the pigs!" he whis
pered, "and it will need only one shot
apiece to do for them. Come!"
Five minutes later seven border out
laws crept down to within ten feet of
tho sleeping men. The sentinel stood
as one in a daze. The outlaws crept
another foot and the man on guard
suddenly wheeled, firing his musket
with deadly effect. His recumbent
comrades sprang to their feet and
poured in a volley which dropped three
ruffians.. The rest fled into the dark
ness with the fleetness of shadows, and
it was hardly a minute later when- the
coatless. hatless and vestless Jose
burst out of. the front door of the
ranch with the exclamation:
"Who Is it? What is.it? I am here
to die with theesenor and his brave
men!" ......
"We won't ask you, Jose, to do any
dying for us to-night," grimly replied
the major es he came forward. "In the
morning, after, we are gone, you may
dig graves for those dead comrades of
yours, if you want to oblige us."
. "My comrades, senor? God forbid! I
never saw one of them before. I permit
no bad ition to hang about my place.
The curred dogs, to come sneaking
upon you In the darkness to do mur
der!"
.' The Mexican tried to throw the ring
of truth into his words, but as he had
a bullet hole in his rhirt and could still
feel, the skin 1 smart where the lead had
grazed; it, he did not make much of a
success. Even when he went over, and
kicked one of the dead men nobody
asked to shake hands with him.
The major- ate. his breakfast in the
vrfde open and. his carbine rested by his
side.
At midnight to the minute Jose
lighted the candle and passed It back
and forth across the window a dozen
times, then,- taking his revolver from
a shelf, he softly quit the* house, and
after a walk of three hundred feet, he
stood before six men crouched behind
a. giant cactus.
She was gone before the son of Mars
could reach out and grasp her sleeve or
utter. a word in reply. He had stopped
at the ranch several times before and
knew that the girl was a recent ar
rival. Jose was back with the wine a
minute after ' the girl had disappeared,
but the officer waved him away saying:
"It is kind of you, Jose, but not to
night. .« In the morning, perhaps, you
may ask^ me to take a bottle along to
Fort Reno and have the colonel sam
ple; it with me." '
At 10 o'clock the major made excuse
that he would rather sleep in his ambu
lance, which was provided with, a cot,
and; at 11 all was quiet within and
without the, ranch. Within, however,
the Mexican stood at one of the rear
windows peering out into the darkness
waiting. Without, while all the • escort
except a single sentinel appeared to be
sound asleep, every man's eyes were
(Copyright, 1004, by K. M. Whitehead.)
7Y A AJOR DAVlg. paymaster,
/ \/| with headquarters at Fort
I ** ra< * v » wa s eating his supper
A at San Remo ranch, presided
over by Apache Joe. one of the sleek
est,, slickest Mexicans in allfthe West.
The sergeant and the troopers of hi3
escort were frying their bacon at a
campflre outside. While Jose, who^
waited on the officer, was away after
the wine, the major received a sudden
shock. The handsomest Mexican girl
he had ever seen softly entered the
room, a finger on her. lips, and whis
pered:
"Don't drink the wine, senor— it will
be poisoned!' Don't sleep in. the house
to-night. They come to rob and mur
der you."
FOR LOVE OF THE MAJOR
By Heinry Colgate
for sale, her husband declares he won
her with that dollar.
She keops it on her dressing table
now,. a silver dollar, highly polished,
with his initials on one side and hers
on the other. And though she once
declared thut Ida Van Twiiler was not
• * •
"I.wnnl to keep this— it is the first
money 1 have ever earned. You see.
madame if the best in her line and
whenever my maid becomes careless
with my hands I come to her— early
in the morning. Come, we will be late
for breakfa&t."
Miss' Van Twiiler bent over and
picked up the money.
The girl had handed his money to
madame, and taking up* her parasol,
said in a low voice: "I think ray hands
will have to go this morning. We are
having some people to breakfast." A
She walked back to the little table,
carrying her parasol behind her in one
hand. Wilson was looking, curiously
at his highly polished nails. He had
never visited a manicuring shop be
fore. As she stopped beside him he
plunged .his hand In his pocket and
drew out the emblem of. Western pros
perity—a silver doi;ar. ''This is for
yourself," he said as he laid it on the
table. "But I cannot repay you for all
the good advice you gave me. I'd like
to come back again if I get stuck,"
he said, his eye3 twinkling.
"I 'am afraid you would not find me,
she said. "I dbn't work here every
day." They were moving toward the
door now. . ¦ .
"Are you going back to Mr. Twil
ler's now?"
He nodded his head.
"Well, so am I, and If you like I'll
give you a lift."
"Give me a lift?" echoed Wilson. .'¦
-"Yen, in my dog cart. I am Ida Van
Twiiler.'" ,-;; ¦ . ¦_¦¦, ¦•; ¦ . ¦;,..,<
Gerald .Wilson sat down very '¦ sud
denly and his hand struck the coin. He
started back as if stung.
Then he pulled himself up with a
shako and hurled questions at her.
Where would . the Van Twillers prob
ably take him that day? What must
he wear at the Casino? When did
folks at Newport have time to sleep?
And she told him everything, from
the style of canvas shoes he had to
buy at once to Ihe number of course?
and the wines he would have at the
Lanson dinner, where he would prob
ably go with the Van Twillers that
night, but at last his hands were fin
ished. Even ¦ the charmed Wilson
could not claim that the girl was a
rapid worker.
But no one did come in, and the girl
worked on while the man told her of
his struggles to hoi'd a property which
threatened not to pan out; of the hours
of discouragement,, relieved only by the
companionship .of books, and of the
final success, and of his modest hopes
for the future. "You know I do not care
for a whole heap of money," he said.
"I'd like to travel a bit in Europe,
to always have the books I wanted to
read, the pictures I like best about me,
and enough money to keep the one
woman in the world cumfy and happy."
"Have you found the right woman
yet?" b .•"''?•.
"No." Then he looked thoughtfully
at her bowed head, crowned with soft
brown hair. "I have never felt I had
the right to look for her until now.
I was never very strong on the love
in-the-cottage idea."
"Do you think you will find her' here
at Newport?"
"Maybe. But — "
"Very well," said madame in a voice
which was not entirely steady. ?'as you
please"; then she 'entered the curtained
alcove, murmuring to herself: "B :t if
any one should come in Just now, la,
la, what a scandal it would be!"
"Well. I haven't seen her yet. I came
up on the late boat last night with Mr.
Van Twiiler, and between you and me,
when we got up to that palace of his,
and I saw people in the parlor and on
the porch in evening party togs I got
one . of the best ready-to-wear head
aches you ever saw. I thought your
summer boy wore white ducks or light
flannels at these resorts,' and that was
all I brought besides the business suit
I wore, so I Just wired back to town
for a dress suit, and I bet it will be
here bv dinner time to-night or there
will be something doing when I get
back to that hotel in New York. I may
have come out of the zinc mines, but
I am not playing the 'David Harum*
act before Van Twitter's crowd."
A shadow fell on the floor; a stout,
smartly clad woman paused in the
doorway. She almost gasped at sight
of the couple at the table. "Oh, Miss — "
The girl threw her a warning: glance,
but she could not stem - the tide of
apology.
"I would not have this happen for
the world!" The newcomer was visi
bly distressed. The girl looked up at
her with calm, smiling eyes.
"Oh. I'm doing very well, roadame!"
"Yes "'she hasn't cut me once," said
Wilson. "I do not believe you could
have done it better yourself."
He had swung around to face Mad
ame Laugeret, and, behind his back,
the girl raised her. finger to her ;.p in
a. gesture of 'silence.
"Humph! A New York man never
gets enough, and I understand he
wants to buy a good old English title
for a pretty daughter of his, and I
suppose the biggest part of his money
Will go into the title.".
Her face was flushing now. "I • do
not think Miss Van Twiiler is for
sale."
The man looked at her curiously.
"Do you know her?"
"Oh, yes, very well; she comes here
very often."
Tiie girl dropped her. file, and it
took both ut them to find it in the
folds of her pretty morning gown.
Then she went to work again.
"Mr. Van Twiiler does not need any
more money — " ¦ V.'*" ,
nois man born and bred, never even
went in for society in Chicago, but
Just as soon as I left college I struck
out for the zinc fields In Missouri and
I've stuck there ever since. You don't
keep up with the styles when yuu are
developing zinc mines."
"Have you struck it rich?" said the
girl, looking up at him with a laugh.
"Well, we have a pretty good thing
of It," said Wilson. "But it don't
mean so much to me as It does to Mr.
Van Twiiler."
ONE MORNING'S WORK
(Copyright, 1904, by K. M. Whitehead.)
ijk -w ADAME is out." said the girl
(\f\ in the porcelain blue linen, as
V Y I she rose a trifle uncertainly
JL from the cljair behind the
\thite manicuring table.
**Oh, I'm sure you will do it Just as
well." said the man, looking at her
with frank, almost boyish admiration.
"But I am — er— only a beginner."
said the girl in blue, trying hard not
to smile, "and I might hurt you."
The man threw back' his head and
laughed until the little French cur
tains at the open windows fairly shook.
"I don't believe you could hurt a flea,
let alone a big, husky chap like me;
besides I've — er — I've got to get out of
here pretty Boon!"
"Well, pleaee sit down," said the
girl, motioning to a chair by the table,
"and excuse me while I get things
ready."
In a few minutes 6he returned,
carrying » glass bowl filled with tepid
water, and laid forth the implements
cf the manicurist. Her eyes were
dancing. Gerard Wilson watched her
every move with interest. He had al
ready discovered that her dress and her
eyes were exactly the same color.
"1 thought I'd come around early,"
he explained, "before the place gets
crowded."
She nodded her head. "I always do,
too." she said, then caught herself
suddenly. "I mean we like customers
tu come early because It doesn't pay to
keep many girls down here, and yet
when people do come in they all want
to be. waited on at once."
"You must have to work pretty
hard," said Wilson, looking at her
rosy-tipped fingers. (
"Yes," said the girl, "although many
girls envy me and do not believe that
I rork ct all. My — my hours are long."
Wilson was dabbling his fingers In
the scented water.
"I read something in the paper once
about hou- you pretty manicuring girls
sometimes marry into the rich fami
lies. I expect you all want to come to
these summer resorts."
'She bent lower over his hand and
said in a muffled voice: "Well, some
of us don't want to marry the sons of
rich families. We— er— know them too
veH:"
The man looked at her curiously.
"I do not mind telling you," he said,
"that I came here not go much t<J get
my hands done as to find out some—
cr— well, Just how they'd do things
around here. You E ee. I am an Illi-
By Beatrice Fioley
the only one who cares. . She evidently
doesn't intend you to fail for lack of a
ring that fits. Now will you go?"
"Yes," he said quickly, "but I'll seek
courteous adieu. ' >*¦£;,
"You'd better take special notice of
the size of my fingers," said the girl,
A dangerous light gleamed for an in
stant in his dark eyes and the hot
Southern blood flamed in his veins.
"I prefer not to believe, you In earn
est," he answered, guardedly.
Paula's greatest charm for him was
an indescribable quality, a combination
of purity and comradeship that robbed
the most daring speech or aci of all un
womanliness.
"I hope she won't do that." he
thought uneasily on his way home; "It's
only a girlish prank, but — "
The next evening as Cutter sat chat
ting with his Invalid mother a note and
a small package were brought to him,
The note was but a line: "Now is the
accepting time. . Are you coming?" It
was signed with Paula Pendleton's
name. He read it hastily and sprang
to his feet in angry dismay. Then he
handed the note to his mother and ex
plained rapidly.
"Are you going?" she asked hardly
above her breath.
"No," he replied sternly. "I will not
be a party to any such mockery of a
thing that ought to be sacred. She is
doubtless amusing herself, as usual,
and if there is a favored one among
the seven he will know Just where to
look for her."
He turned sharply away, with chok
ing throat and hot, stinging eyeballs.
"You do care. Kenneth," persisted
his mother, wistfully.
"Yes," he answered shortly, "I care.
I care so much that I cannot tolerate
the thought of her. as a prize in a
game of hide Aid seek."
"The package. Kenneth," Mrs. Carter
suggested inquiringly.
He opened it quickly, gazing bewil
ered at its contents, a small, plain gold
"What does it mean?" he asked con
"I think it means that you are not
"Did her* asked Paula, indifferently.
"He always looks scornful — or bored;
it seems to be his natural expression." -
It was hardly a bored expression that
rested on Kenneth Carter's dark face as
he bent over Paula's white hand In
—Be careful lest you meet the fate of
Genevra," warned a grave voice some
distance from the laughing group.
"Did you notice Kenneth Carter?"
whispered one of the girls. "He looked
eo scornful— and at you, Paula'."
season.
Paula Pendleton's announcement was
the climax to an evening of gayety.
"Do you really mean it. Miss Pendle-
Ipn?" asked several.
"1 am genuinely in earnest," she re
plied, laughing, "but I feel safe; my
hiding place will not be discovered."
/'Oh. I think not." airily; "not all the
eligible men of my acquaintance have
proposed to me. I can think of several,
any one of whom I would be willing to
marry if all the circumstances were fa
vorable."
"Suppose the first one should accept,"
suggested Dike Salter, dismally.
"There will not be any 'first.' There
will be seven simultaneous proposals,
by letter, and I shall be somewhere in
hiding. The man who reaches my Bide
first," pausing as if to consider how to
pile up the difficulties, "with a ring that
fits my engagement finger, to him I'll
•say. Thou art the man!* "
The Spinsters' leap year ball was in
progress at the Tuileries. the Spinsters
being a coterie of the richest society
girls, many of them buds in their first
''You'll have Bome difficulty in choos
ing the 'proposee,' " declared Hender
son gloomily.
year.
"In that case," little Sawtelle began
eagerly, "why not—"
'Consider you? That wouldn't do at
alL I want the pleasure of making a
proposal that shall be original with my-
(Copyright. 1904. by Otho B. Benra.)
THE privileges and possibilities of
leap year were under discus
sion.
"It is my opinion," said Paula,
In a judicial tone, "that woman ought
always to be the proposer, and man the
—the proposee." coining the word with
.-•-:¦
charming assurance.
"You would never dare," said one
men. tauntingly.
"I'll prove it. -In fact. I'll propose, not
'only to one. but to seven."
The men surrounding her gave ut
terarrce to despairing groans, and the
girl laughed er.joyably.
"I've made up my mind," she con
tinued in a reflective tpne. "that I
really ought to become engaged this
He held her to hi3 breast in silenco
and then bent and kissed the sweet
mouth upraised to his.
It was after the announcement of
the engagement that Paula exclaimed
one day. looking in Kenneth's gloomy
face, "What is the matter. Sir Dole
ful? Such an expression as that on
the face of a newly engaged man is
hardly flattering to his fiancee."
He answered slowly: "That night at
the ball you said there were several
whom you would be willing to marry."
"I did," Paula returned promptly,
"but you may recall that I said also.
'If all the circumstances were favor
able/ "
"I can't see that that changsj It
any," he argued obtusely.
"You don't deserve to be told, but
because you are so stupid I'll have to
explain that the absolutely essential
circumstance was that I should love th*
man. And lest you continue winy^y
yourself miserable for nothin* ni
confess right now that you were the
only one to whom I sent a note, Ev«a
then I was so dreadfully afraid thai
you wouldn't come that I followed ta*
note, and your mother 'aided and
abetted' in a most shocking mannar.**
better go home. Mr. Carter." "
A faint flicker of a smile, instantly
repressed, appeared at the corner*
of Mrs. Carter's mouth.
"But the ring, Kenneth," she per*
slsted.
"Probably sent to raise my hopes
and so make my failure all the more
crushing," he answered, bitterly.
"We w'll not speak of it again, dear
little mother, and I will say good-night
now; I want to be alone."
"Before you go, dear, please bring
ma my embroidery from the library
He pushed aside the portieres and
entered the library. A slender, girl
ish figure stood before the grata and
the dancing firelight fell in soft gleams
upon her white dress and lent a
bright glow to a face pale with emo
tion. Kenneth gave a sharp cry and
"Is it you, Paula? Is it really you?
Am I the one to find you?"
"Did you want to find me, Ken
neth?" she asked, half crying.
"Did I want to? Oh. Paula — "
He returned in an hour, with disap
pointment unmistakable in his face.
His mother did not need to questlos
him.
•*I saw three or four men who. I am
positive, were looking for her," he Bald
In a slow, hard tone. "Van Horn with
his best pair, and little Sawtelle in his
automooile. There's a dinner (Sane*
at Trumbull's to-night, and young
Cooper and Dike Sa'.ter came dashing
out of there just as I was passing."*
"Are j'ou sure she isn't at home?"
"It was her own maid who cam* to
the doc-r. I feel sure that she would
not deceive me. You know she is llttlt
Oscar Larson's sister."
"The boy who was injured and for
whom you secured the damages?"
"Yes. The girl evidently knew all
about this affair and realized th» nse
lessness of my search, for she said in
a very kind and gentle way. Tou'd
her at her home as an honorable mu
should — not elsewhere."
THE PROPOSALS PAULA
THE ~SAN~ FRANCISCO 'SUNDAY CAU1
14Ishmael brought the punt in f from
the grounds early next day. Ezra was
sitting in the sunshine by the cottage
door.
"Ishmael," said Ezra, "has you — has
you had the dream?"
Hope grew strong in his face. Then
his lips quivered and he turned his
eyes away, fearing new disappoint
ment.
"Ay," said Ishmael, "the dream has
come.",;- : -v*'o;;A l p x / •.'^ ¦•. :
you."
So Ishmael was given a place in the
home of Ezra Westerly. Night after
night he waited for the Lord to make
known the cure in a dream. By day ho
fished for Ezra from Ezra's punt — go
ing regularly at dawn to the grounds
off Mad Bull, and returning with his
catch in the evening; taking Ezra's
turn in the bait-skiff when. the caplin
schools came in; splitting cod far into
the night, if the fish were running
thick; spreading the eaten* to drv on
the flake when the Mad Bull shallows
were deserted. At odd times hs poured
over the old book, lest the Lord should
think him lukewarm in his search for
the cure. One night he read that sec
tion relatin? to "medicines made out
of living things"— read and puzzled till
his head was aching and muddled. "I
am of opinion," said the book, "that
the Suet of a Goat mixed with a little
Saffron is excellent an oyntment,
especially for pains," as any is." Then.
"The Froath of the Sea, it is hot and
dry; Being mixed with powdered
crabs' shells.- it helps chills. It helps
baldnef,?, and trimly decks the head
with hair." Again, "The Bone that
is found In the Heart of a Stag 13 as
fovereign a Cordial and as great a
f trengthener of the Heart as any is,
being beaten Into Powder." Thus on
and on— pouring over the list of
strange cures.
"The heart of a stag," he thought,
putting, his hand, to his brow. "Now
they's a deal In that, I'm thinkin'."
He fell asleep over the table at last
with his head on the old book. ,
• r-V-,.-/: ¦ • ¦ : : • ' . • • -. • • • •
wale. He saw the pallor and hollow
ness of Ezra's face and heard the rat
tle in his throat. u
"You is sick, man." he said. "You
is desperate sick."
"I'm tuk with the decline, zur," said
Ezra.
The need of healing, the spirit of
pain, made Ishmael's great heart ache.
He wondered if the Lord would grant
him a cure for this man. . .
"You has a wife, I'm thinkin'?" he
said.
"And a wee babe," Ezra answered,
smiling. •
"An' the Lard will oanly let me,'.'
said Ishmael, looking far off, "I'll cure
"Is there any place where a man
can be taken in for a bit?" Ishmael
called.
"Ay," said Ezra, lifting himself on
his arm. "They's always a place t 1
Ragged Ha'bor where an honest man
can bide." .
Ishmael brought his punt alongside
and caught hold of the other's gun-
Meanwhile the healer from Far-Away
Cove had come down the coast, pass
ing from harbor to harbor in a rotten,
ragged old punt, everywhere applying
those cures which, as he believed, tha
Lord disclosed to him in dreams.
"I am a healer by command o' the
Lard," he told the people. "He is my
helper."
"Is you, now?" said they. "By com
mand o' the Lard! My, but 'tis a
wonderful thing!"
In .the evening of the day when the
seventh son of a seventh son had died,
Jimmie Lute made Ragged Harbor
from Fortune, with Ezra Westerly
lying exhausted In the bow of the
punt. The west was flaring red — the
wind had j fallen away — all the earth
was quiet — the punt slipped over long,
soft billows. Ishmael Roth sounded
the Pillar Just as Jimmie passed the
Staff; the punts crept side . by side
down the narrows to the still water
of the harbor, where it lay at the feet
of the grim hills, all crimsoned by the
sun.
"Iss," said Thomas, with a sigh.
" 'Twould 'a' been grand t' have the
seventh son. of a seventh son t' flsh
from the same punt with me. 'Tis a
pity."
They watched the mist break and
lift — the sunlight spread over the sea.
"Leave us goa hoame, b'y," said
Jimmie.
"Ies," Ezra whispered, for his Voice
had grown of a sudden very weak.
"I'm thinkin'," he went on, with a fine
smile, "that the Lord wants we in
heaven. Leave us 20a hoame."
They went down the path very
slowly.
• • • • • • •
Ezra gasped. " 'Tis a pity!" he cried,
hi3 voice strong and athrill with sym
pathy. " 'Tis a pity, man, f lose your
wee child like that. I'm fair sorry for
you."
"The child's dead," said Thomas.
Ezra darted an anxious glance into
his eyes. "Is they noa cures worked
yet?" he whispered.
Thomas scratched his head.
"Nar a one?" said Ezra.
"Just a touch, b'y. Sure I wouldn't
think o 1 hurtin' the wee thing."
"I doan't know as 'twill do you any
gocd," said Thomas, with a puzzled
frown.
staring the while at Ezra in a vacant
way.
his face contorted by agony, "tlAt I'va
mistook my callin*. 'Tis like tha Lard
never meant me t' be a healer."
"Sure He did!" said Mary. They**
nar a doubt about that."
They were silent— all cast down la
bitterness and despair, while tha rain
rattled on the window panes and a
burst of wind beat furiously upoa tha
house. tg*- \ *
"Ishmael," said Ezra at last, "you
done your best."
"Ay," said the healer, "I doa« my
best." *'i_-
"An' I done ray best," Bald Ezra.
"Ay, an' you done your best."
"The Lard He done His best— surely
the Lard done His best," said Ezra,
gently.
"Ay; surely the Lard He dona His
best," said Ishmael. "Blessed ba ths
Lard."
"There's noa call t' grieve, Ishmael,"
said Mary. "They's noa call at all."
"I'm thinkin'," said Ezra, "that ther
was a mistake. The Lard would maks
r.oa mistake, Ishmael; but the instru
ments, man— was they noa mistake
made by them?"
Ishmael looked up.
"Ishmael," said Ezra, "'twas tha
heart of a live bull the Lard told, us
f take."
"Ay, a live bull."
"Ishmael, 13 you sura tha bull
wasn't . dead when you cut tha heart
out?"
Then the old strange light, the light
that might have burned In the
prophets' eyes, shone again In Ish
mael's.
"O Lard," he cried, lifting «P his
face, for his faith had been restored,
"great is thy power and marvelous are
thy works!"
Ezra sighed happily, though he was
dying.
So the healer from Far-Away Cove
went back to the north. "The Lard
has not failed me," he said to the peo
ple. "I've failed him. I'll be pre
parln' myself further' — makin' ready
for th* wark. agin* the real time when
I'm called t* do it" He went back
to that far-off desolation, where, in
the dawn and In the dusk, ha might
listen again for the Voice in the hi33
of breaking waters. He sought that
place where. In the thud and crash
of the breaker3, the word might be
spoken. He passed from the in
habited coast to the loneliness of
bleak rocks and a wilderness that the
Lord might speak to him in the silence
cr in the driving gale. Again, in the
evening, when the flush and flare were
upon great clouds, he looked for the
Lord, and for the winging hosts of
angels ascending and descending, as It
is written. There, from day to day,
he waited for the Voice and the Call
And there he died.
celved the urgency of their business he
demanded all that they had; for. said
he, "If the Lard God Almighty keeps
an eye on my bull, 'tis a gran' fine
bull; an' if the Lard sets such a store
by the heart o' the beast, 'twould be
noa moare'n respectful for me t' put a
good price on it." But what cared Ezra?
What cared Mary? What cared the
healer?* What cared Jimmie Lute?
What cared they all when they had the
queer, black powder safe In the jar?
It was a hanny, wonderful hour, in
deed, when the cure was begun.
"T' think o' you bein' strong agin!"
said Mary. "Just f think o' that! Sure
I can hardly bear It, Ezra — I can hard
ly bear the Joy of it."
"The Tierrin' balt'll be comin* In,"
said Ezra, taking the medicine Jar in
his hand to fondle it. "In three weeks
I'll be settin' me nets again. 'Tis
hard t* think it. Ay," he whispered.
" 'tis hard t' brlievp."
Mary was quick to mark his ex
haustion—hia dull stare, the flush, the
rasping breath.
" 'Tis time fcr you t* be goain* t'
bed, b'y." she said softly.
"Ay," he answered, " 'tis time for
you t' help me up. But at this time
o' night come three weeks," he went
on, looking up to her with a smile,
"I'll be snlittin' fish — me own catch,
Mary, me own catch."
. " 'Tis gran' f think it," said she.
There came a night in the fall, with
a gale driving the rain against the
windows of the little room where
Ezra lay, when the man knew that his
hope had been mistaken. Great gusts
t>f wind, breaking from the sea, where
they had swirled and leaped all un
opposed, • shook the house as they
swished past to lash the inland wilder
ness. Inf the intervals, when these
rushing noises fell . away, the night
wa« filled with the deep, mighty roar
of the breakers. .Ezra could hardly
lift his voice above it all.
" 'Tis a barb'rous bad night," said
he. .;>V& ;>
The old- healer from Far-Away Cove
sighed. Hia head had fallen over his
breast. He had no heart to look up.
"Ah, Ishmael," said Ezra, a rush of
pity for the broken man making hia
voice quiver and his gray lips trem
ble, "you'll not be gr levin' no moare
because the cure failed. 'Twas all a
mistake, man— -'twas but a mistake."
"Ay," said Mary, "he've done what
he could."
Ishmael looked up. His face wa3
sallow and haggard. He drew his hand
over his eyes in a dull, helpless way.
."I've_ been .thinkin'," he whispered,
•that' I'm nothing .but a misled man."
"Noa, noa," said" Ezra. "The Lord
leads you, Ishmael."
"I'm thinkin'." the healer went on.
"Is it a sure cure, man? Tell
me "
" 'Tis the heart of a bull — the heart
of a black bull with a white face,"
said Ishmael. "Sure I knows noa bull
like that, but they must be one some
where, else the. Lard wouldn't 'a' told
ni( : so." ¦ ¦
"They is," Ezra whispered In awe.
" 'Tis' Jacob Swift's bull t' Round
Island. I knows un well. 'Tis a black
bull with a white face.','
"I knowed they was," said Ishmael
o.uietly. "Weri, b'y," he went on, "you
takes the heart from a live black bull
with a^ white face. Then you b'iles un
for tw'o 'days in a black pot. Which
done, you smokes un an' dries un like
a salmon. 'Then you grinds un to
powder — an' -takes un reg'lar in goat's
milk. 'Tis a cure for the decline —
'tis a sure cure!"
"Ay, he's a mean man."
"Man," said Esra. "it must be Jacob
Swift's bull. He've a wonderful white
face, that one!"
"'Tis. que?r,'' Ishmael mused,
"what things the Lard keeps track of.
'Tis queer, new, that he knowed they
v.as a. white-faced bull hereabout — 'ti3
wonderful queer!"
"I wonder what Jacob Swift'll be
arrkin'- for the heart < of - his bull?"
'• 'Twill be so much, I'm thinkin',"
paid Ishmael, "as the whole bull's
w«.;h."
"I've some silver," said Ishmael,
"w hich .would be n part o' the price."
"I've, a punt an' two salmon nets,"
said Ezra. " 'Tis like I can sell un
for something." . . :
"Ezra," said the "wife Mary, coming
through the door, "I've heered you
talkin'.' Man," she said, laying her
clasped hands on her bosom, "but I'm —
I'm— happy! I've .the garden, - b'y,
an' — " •' ' , :
"Noa, noa,, woman," said Ezra. "I'll
not have you lose a thing your fawther
give you. I'll. not do, It." •
"But; b'y," said she, "when, you gets
well 'twilhbe easy t' get un back."
"Ay," said Ezra '. softly, '."tis , true.
When I gets well, Mary, I'll buy un
back. I'll buy you two gardens, dear,
when I gets t' the-'ftahin' agin."
"Ah, Ezra," she said; "but 'twill be
fine t'.have you strong' agin. My, but
•twill!" - : -
"You Is a lovin' ", wife, . he an
swered; and he added, -solemnly, "an*
I'll be alovln* man t* you."
"Blessed .be , the name o* the Lard,"
said Ishmael, "because I He has made
known thV. cure!" :
Jimmie.., Lute was; dispatched to
Hound Island with the healer from Far-
Away Cove to buy the heart of the
black bull with- the white face.. When
Jacob • Swift, who owned the bull, \ per-
(Corjrigfct try XcGnre. Phillips & Co.)
V -V* MIEN Jured Luff came to Pov
. \ A I erty Cove from Green Bay at
Y the end of a search of that
. • gray, jagged coast for better
fishing, Ishmael Roth determined to go
e'way, though he had been born there
<4 T-hey*s too many folk f Poverty
Cdve now. Skipper John," he" called to
Jonn East one clammy dawn, when
they -were hauling the salmon nets eff
•Frothy Head. "Sure I've nothin' agin
.Jared Luff, but with him come here
they's handy t* twenty-seven families
t* the Cove. 'Tis too many for me, b'y.
I feels crowded like. I'll be goan' away,
I'm thinkin' — far away down t' the
Labrador, where 'tis quieter."
Skipper John paused, with the drip
ping .net in his hand. He looked over
the sea to the blue-b]ack waste of rock
and', stunted spruce whither the mist
was drifting— to that break in the bluff
where the cottages v.ere huddled as
though ' shrinking from the desolation
about. Then he said, with a wise and
solemn wag of his head:
" "Tis a bit crowded, b'y. Maybe,
now, you has the right of it. An' a
m&n must follow his bent."
So, when the salmon run was over,
Ishmael .Roth put all that he had in a
punt— his net and tackle and Bible and
f.our and pork and seed potatoes and
the like — and set out to discover a new
herbor where he might establish him
eelf in quiet.
"I hates t' leave it." Skipper John,"
he said, as he pushed off from the
Etage. "Sure, I does! I hates wonder
ful t' leave un all. But 'tis gettin' fair
crowded, an' I got t' goa where 'tis
Q^iet. Ies, b'y, I got t' goa.
He called the r.ew harbor Far-Away
Cove. There he lived all alone until he
was old; and he was content, for all of
sea and wiMrrness that the horizon
encompassed was his for elbow room.
•"The Lard led me to this place," he
• told himself, by and by. " 'Tis like,
.now, .he'll have some wark for me t"
Co. I'll listen— I'll listen for his voice!"
In the dav.n and in th™ dusk, when
the gray wind, as it coursed over the
eea, stirred ui» waves to fret his punt,
he listened to the hiss of the waters
lest the Voice sho-uld sound therein. In
the mist, when the punt was hanging
off chore and the sea was beating the
veiled rocks, he sought the Word in
tb.e deep thud and crash of the break
ers. In the night, when the nor'east
E'ale swept from the sea's bleak hid
den places— when it pelted the win
dows .with s'.ect c:;d ran like mad into
the wilderness— he listened for the
Voice- of the Lord, surely expecting it.
By end by. when his Ions hair had
turned white and a strange light was
In his eyes, he heard the Voice of the
Lord, as he kds said, commanding him
to do some rreat thing.
"Sure." thought Ishmael. at Far-
Away Cove, "the Lard He've cailed me
at last. He've slve me a wark t' do."
So Ishmael prepared himself for the
work; this ho did by diligently poring
over an old botli which had come
down to. him from his grandfather,
who, as I believe, had taken it from a
wreck of thore c-Id days. It was "The
Engli'h Physician Enlarged. With
three hundred &. fifty-nine Medicines.
Being an Aftrologo Phyfical Difcourse
of the Vulgar Herbs of this Nation;
Containing a compleat Method of
Ph.yf.ek, whereby a man may preferve
his Ecdy in Health, or Cure himfelf.
being Sick, for Three Pence Charge."
"Sure, the Lard He cast away the
vessel. " Ishmael ftrgued, "an' the Lard
sent my grar.dfather t f the wreck; the
Lard 1 took rr.y grandfather when his
time had come, nor neglected to give
the book Into the hands of my father,
who rave it to me. Sure, 'tis all the
doin' o" th? Lard, whose voice I've
heered in the waves o* the sea an* in
the vi-Ir.d that comes from beyond."
* Jshmael pcred over the book by day
and at r.fght it fashioned strange
dreams for him — vivid dreams, dreams
of lhi» cure cf diseases.
"I am a healer by dreams," he
thought. The consciousness of his
high calling thrilled him. "I am a
healer by dreams," he thought. "The
Lard he've commanded me t* goa
<2own the coast healin* all people."
Whereby you may know that the
things of the wilderness and of the
cullen sea, which are past understand
ing, had undone old Ishmael Roth.
Now, while the healer from Far-
Away Cove came down the coast,
¦working strange cures, Ezra Westerly
cf Ragged Harbor trail- ' patiently
for a singular manifestation of the
Lord's favor and great power to heal.
He was= a punt iisherman, was Ezra —
a youns. big-boned man. gigantically
framed, fearless in lop and gusty wind
and t:sed to meeting the 6ea in all the
strength rnd bitterness f of its raging.
Cut he was a consumptive; a spring
gale, which swept over the hills with
an xig'.y des'gn upon the Ragged Har
bor lieet. h.id cart him away on an
ice Roe — a clsety wind, with .frost fol
lowing- — ind he was new. a lean, gasp
ing wreck.
"Sure, I wants t' get well," he said
to Solomon Stride. "I does that. I
think? — I thinks I wi!! g-jt well. But
I wants you t' know, Solomon, b'y,
that I isn't afeered t' die. If the Lard
takes mi I'll be fair wiiiin' f goa. I'll
do r.ca grievin", b'y— none at all, b'y;
none at ail. But — "
"Ah. but — ** said Solomon. "Sure,
'twill turn out all right. "Twill be
'If *U?," Ezra treat on. closing his
scra\fny fist, "if 'tis o;inly a son, Sol
omon, I'll get well. I knows it."
"Ay," said Solomon, "they's great
virtue in thi touch o' the seventh
son of a seventh son. 'Tis like 'twill
cure you."
"Just t* touch the weenie finser o'
the baLei" Ezr.i said eagerly, "an'
'twill Cure you. they tells me, them
that kn©\vs— 'twill cure youl" %
"The Lardll send rhe a son, I'm
thinkin'," said Solomon, h'jpsf.ully.
"If can!y. 'tis," was the wistful re
sponse — *'lf — oanly — 'tis — a son!"
The wife of Thomas Bow of Fortune
Harbor gave b;r;h to the seventh son of
a seventh s->n. Great is the favor of the
Loid! said the folk of that place. But
'twas a pity, said they, that 'twas at
the cost of the life cf Amanda Eow, who
was a neighborly woman and a t good
mother. There was a gale abroad That
right— a sweeping, swirling wind from
the northwest, where the great gales
are loosed upon the sea.
" 'Tis a ech!" thought Ezra Westerly,
when he was awakened by a great
knocking: on the door at dawn. "Sure,
'tis Jimmie Lute come f tell me the
news."
Again the knocking.
"Ezra! Kzru!"
The consumptive went to the window
and put out his head. "Is it a son f
Fortune Harbor, Jimmie?" he gasped.
The exertion of raising the window had
been too much for him.
"Sure, 'tis," cried Jimmie. "I heerd
un cry afore I come away. Quick, man!
Leave us get started. They fears the
child's a bit"—
A gust of wind put an end to the sen
tence- Ezra shrank from the cold, wet
blast.
With the helD of his wife Ezra
dressed in haste.
'"Tis a son, Mary!" he said again
and again, hysterically repeating it
" 'Tis a son, woman. Think o' that!
'Tis the •seventh son of a seventh son."
Haste and hope wrought him into a
high fever of excitem?nt. He could do
nothing to help himself. Petulant ex
clamations broke before him.
"Hut, woman!" he cried, "has you
nothin' but thumbs? That's noa way
t' button a man's galluses!" When he
was helped down to the wharf his
clothes were all awry and his wraps
were falling: from him. Jimmie Lute
lifted him Into the punt and covered
him with a tarpaulin.
"Push off. b'y t ! Push off!" said Ezra.
The punt ran through the narrows to
the sea, where a gray light was spread
ing over the waves. "Drive her, b'y!
Drive her!" said Ezra, Driven she was
—that stout little punt. "What you
can't carry you can drag," said young
Jimmie Lute between his teeth. But
there was a knowing hand on her sheet
and tiller, for all that; and In a few
hours she reeled into Fortune Harbor,
with a crested wave at her heels, loggy
with shipped water and dripping wet
from stem to stern.
That'll be the house, I'm thinkin'—
that wee white one on the hill, under
the bluff," said Ezra,
"Iss," said Jlmrr.Ie. "The one *with
the crowd at the door. 'Tis where the
child lies."
They met Thomas Bow on the path
up the hill. Ezra was resting— to catch
his breath and quiet his heart. Thom
as was downcast and bewildered.
"Is you come t' be healed, Ezra?" he
said.
'Iss, b'y. Sure. I've come f touch the
child. But I'll touch un easy, Thomas
— just as easy as I'm able."
"Will you, now?" said Thomas, run
ning his hand through his frowsy hair
THE SAN FRANCISCO. SUNDAY CALL
HEALER FROM FAR-AWAY
COVEBEAUTIFUL BOOKS---ONE HUNDRED AND FIFTY OF THEM---
FOR THOSE WHO GUESS THESE PUZZLE TO-DAY.
This is tlic week that tlic boys will shine, for the rub here will be to find the baseball terms which are
represented by these el^Jit pictures. By this Is meant everything from umpire to error.
But remember this: You must not only give your name and the town and State wherein you live,'
but the street or. ' jiostoflice .' number. This is important because many books have been returned because of
Incorrect addresses. And don't for^t the gallery of honor.
And remember this: Von will all l»a\e a chance not only to win one "of those 150 prizes, bat get
your picture published as wrll. The Puzzle, tdltcr wants all the pri«e winners to send In their pictures
tlje whole 150 every 'vcek if possible. Bt'sln right now. Dou't *v;iiu Tue mure the merrier. Thero
can't be too many.
PLILAaE DOX'T SF.ND IX ANY TINTYPE PICTURES OR PROOFS THAT ARE UXTOirED — which
mniiis that tluy will fade as soon as they are exposetl to the sun. and -on't forget, to write your name and
adJresa on the back or each and .'very photograph. And by all means be sure that you are a prize win
ner before you nend in any nli'lure at all.
TUOIE AUn.ONL: ULWDitED ASD FliTY PHIZES, and tills Is whr»» tou mist do to win one 3l
them: - /
Find the baseball terms on this page and write them out In the space opposite tho proper corre
eponding numbers provided for tne purpose In the coupon on this page, a s per directions; fill In the
coupon with vour n:une ami address and the prize you desire— if you win— and * eml tu « couP° n to tn8
EDITOR OFTHK NAME PUZZLE PAGE. Sunday Call, San Francisco. Cai.
REMK.MBEK- To : the ", r /li:ST OXE HUXDI ED AND FIFTY BOYjS AND GIRLS who wire the
els' t Puzzles Ci-orrectly, oue of-Uu-se UXE UUXD.KED AXD FIFTY BEAUTIFUIj TRIZES will bo
awarded. " , : . . '••'
And don't, forest this next point, beennse It U very Important: ALL AXSWHRS SIUST REACH
THIS OFFICE BY FRIDAV NOO.V. 'This gives uli those In ihe country n n equal chance to compete. Read
everything on this page, to be sure that you overlook nothing that will help you to win a prize.
TUK NA5IES OF THK ILOKY WIXXERS WILL I5E PL'BLISHEO IN THE" SUNDAY CALL TWO
WEEKS FROM ; TO-i>AY, September i.
TheAe are tba TWENTY 11EAUT1FUL COOIvS from which you may choose U you solve all the poa
'".. Christie's Old Organ, by Walton; .The Chimes, by Dickens; Cranford, by Gaskell; Cricket on tho
Hearth,* by Dickens; Dog of Flanders, by Ouida; Emerson's Essays; Evangeline, .by Longfellow; Gulliver's
Travels, by Swift; Imitation of Christ, by Kcmpls; Little Lanio Prince, by SluUock; Master of Ballan
trae, by Stevenson; T^vb Years Before the Mast, by Dana; Through the Looking - Glass, by Carroll; Paul
and Vh-ginia, by Saint Pierre; Snow Image, by Hawthorne; Water Babies, by Klngsley; Vicar of Wakefleld.
by Gbldsmith; Pilgrim'8 Progress, by Bunyan; PLiin Tales From the Hills, by Kipling; Phantom Rickshaw,
by Kipling; Longfellow's Poems. .<
Cauly, Alvlso; Veronica Llguori, Ag
new; Henrietta Liguori, Agnew; Lois
Lypn, 320 Sixth avenue, San Francisco;
IL. T. Coombs. Agnew; Henry Russell,
Hayward; Gladys Johnston, Santa
Cruz; B. Hartman, 340 Geary street,
SaniFranclsco; E. Banahan, 320 Teha
ma street, San Francisco; Dick-Ste
phens, Woodland; Elmer Short, 1538 For
ty-eighth " avenue, San 3 Francisco;
Daniel Martin, ', 1620 Central avenue,
• San Francisco; Edna Schulte, Ala
meda; Rudolph Trautner, 2510 McAl
lister street, . San Francisco;, Louise
fclartln. 15"-* Clay street, San Francisco;
' ; Ella Winfield, 1623 Noe street, San
Francisco; Mildred Tade, Berkeley;
Sdla - fih&w, • fiaa - ©ufiatiai : Lena
Sammy, 1607 Buchanan street, San
Francisco; Ethna Day, Watsonvllle;
Norma Hodges, Alameda; Mathew
Cooper, San Jose; Dorothy Segelake,
1507 Buchanan street, San Francisco;
Ora Thiele, Arroyo Grande; Ida Esk
rldge, 16S6 Eighth street, Oakland; E.
Williams, 963 Chester street, Oakland;
Hattie Dunsmore, 1766 Seventh street.
Oakland ;.' Willie : Dunsmore. 1766 Sev
enth street, Oakland; Fred Eskridge.
1686 Eighth , street, Oakland; Bessie
Boyer, 1106 Willow "street, Oakland;
Margaret. Boyer, 1106 Willow street,
Oakland; Robb Brown, 875 Church
street, San Francisco; Gladys John
ston, Santa Cruz; Ralph Brown, 875
Church street. Ban Francisco; May;
Taylor, 858 Castro street, Oakland;
LlllJ Benner, 125 East Eleventh street'.
East Oakland; S. M. Wheeler, Los An
geles; Hubert Soher, 1357 McAllister
street, San Francisco; Norma Soher.
1357 McAllister street. San Francisco;
Lorraine Soher, 1357 McAllister street,
San Francisco; Jimmie Anderson.
LodI; Elinor Brown, San Rafael; Elma
Winship, San Rafael; Ella Minor, San
Rafael; -May Christ man, 566 Thlrty
.flfth street. Oakland; T. French. San
Rafael; Anna Gefken, 768 Grove street;
San Francisco: Will Kerr, 863% Mar-
Tcet street, San Francisco: Helen
•Knight, 751 Guerrero street, San Fran
cisco: Dottle Knight. 751 Guerrero
street, Ban Francisco; Herxnlna Bois-
seller, 511 Waller street. Saa Fran
cisco; Margaret Williams. Alameda:
Phrona Hlnton, Berkeley; Lucile
Sleeper, Berkeley; Jode Gallisan. 217 J-i
Eighth street, San Francisco; Miriam
Br&addus. Agnew; Mark Breaddua.
Aumew; Franklyn Morris, 150 West
Mission street. San Francisco: Maud
Russell. Haywards; Charles Hussey,
Vallejo; Genevieve FarreU. Petatama;
Violet March, Stockton; Harry Den
ton, Sacramento; R. E. Dolan, 173
Hartford street, San Francisco; Irene
Warnecke. 707 Clayton street. San
Francisco: Rowena Rl'.ey. Mojave;
Henry Becker, 534 Castro street.
San Francisco; Edna McFadden,
1031 ' Howard street, San -• Fran
cisco: Milton Smith, 1023 Howard
street, San Francisco; Kathleen Caler.
3739 Seventeenth street, San Francisco;
Ruthella Bolland, Knights tending;
Gladys Eaton, Watsonvllle; Lucila
Snyder, Fruitvale; Francis Marsh. 415
Golden Gate avenue. San Francisco;
Ed Smith. 12S0 California street. San
Francisco; Leonard Coombs, Ajrn»w;
Willie Fuller, Agnew.
ChaJles Robinson, 825 Aahbury street.
San Francisco; W. Robinson, S25 Ash
bury street, F*n Francisco; Leo Alex
ander." S27 r L*rldn street. ' San. Fran
cisoo; Charles 620 Washington
street. San .Frandsoo; Alma .siremmel,
Yallejo; Gladys .Kuhn.^2017 Pine^ street,
6&n* : Pranci3eo; Helen Jonas. '524 Ellis
street, i * San- Francisco; ... Raymond
"Wright. SOOS Stdner street. San Fran
cisco; Alice Prosek.1215 Stanyan street.
San Francisco: James • Gee. Vallejo;
Gladys Hansco," 820 Church street, San
Francisco; George "Wihr, 11 Metropoli
tan 'avenue, . San Francisco; Eva" Con
tell, Sacramento; Loraine wnltehead,
San Jos»; Gustave a Mna*i. 532 Castro
street, San Francisco; L»ulu FairfleM,
SSO .Lexington avenue, San Francisco;
Haeel; Wagner, Park street, Alameda;
Merle BoYrler, 2121 Buena Vista avenue,
Alaraefla; / Carrie -.Green. 521 . Florida
street, yajlejo; Ernestine Franzen, 1505
Filtaore. street, San Francisco; Selma
Frazier. . Sacramento; Mar Jordan. 658
Fourteenth street. Oakland; Alice
Becker; 534 Castro street, San Fran
cisco; Frank Curran, 3122 Washington
street. San Frandsoo; May Fletcher,
Mill Valley; • Mannen McClure. 2380
Union street. San Francisco; Howard
Born, Occidental Hotel, San Francisco;
El'.za Israel, 312^4 Fulton street, San
Frar cisco; Flo Robinson, Gridley; Bes
sie Martin, 1620 Central avenue, San
Francisco ; Everett Crowley, 1071 Wood
street. Oakland; Berniee Westbay,
Stockton; Ruth Hall. Wrights; Walter
Pratt, Crockett; Paul Dunckhorst,
Facrainento; Val Deane, .840 Twenty
third avenue. San Francisco; Elmer
Johnston, 407 Hayes street, San Fran
cisco; JWY Rudolph, 604 Merchant street,
San Francisco; J. Stockham, 1110 Fol
som street, San Francisco; F. T.
Ilaires. 5$S Stockton street, San Fran
cisco; Ruth Dunckhorst, Sacramento;
Sydney Chester. Berkeley; Cecil Pel
ran o. Angels: Jennie McCarthy, New
castle; Clay Locke. Sacramento; Julia
Pcirano, Angels; Lloyd Locke, Sacra
mento; L. Falkenstein, 70 Hancock
street. San Francisco; Georgie Watson.
ST5 Eddy street. San Francisco; Wilber
Green. Vallejo; Louise Higel. Vallejo;
Marie Priest, 327 Fourteenth street,
Han Francisco; T. O'Rouke. S333 Sacra
mento street, San Francisco; Janet
Cobb, San Jose; Margie Wnltehead. San
Jose; Henrietta Hodges, Alameda;
Bethel Berrler, San Jose; Eddie Ne
lander, 6S1 First avenue, San Francis
co; Frank Edmondson, Berkeley; John
Murray, San Quentin; Louise Wade, 403
Broderick street, San Francisco; Syd
ney Lindsey, Broderick; Fred McKen
zie. A^new; Olivia Brown, San Rafael;
Dora WInn, San Rafael; Rica Carney,
Stockton: A. W. Sympson. Pacific
Grove: Frank Coburn. . Berkeley; Ed
ward Wagener. 2011 Green street, San
Francisco: Bradford J!?]vi:% 3 1ST Tenth
avenue, Oakland; Jcsie Saschorn,- 8ft
Castro street, Oakland; Rose Sagehorn,
WL -Oa*t5O street PftifltP&j l+» Mo-
IT"] OLLOWING are the names of the
L/ 2ucky 150 correct gruessers in the
I puzzle contest of August 7, the
JL names of dances.
Tlhese Are
tlie LfUcKy
15O Prise
Winders
in the P^&ssle
Cosiest
of Aug'ust 7.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALI!
NAME PUZZLES
16
Solve the Puzzles,
Fill Out the Coupes
and Send It to
the Puzzle Editor,
Sunday Call. 8»K
To Puzzle ISditor. Sunday CbB»
Ean Francisco:
Below In their proper ass>>
berg please find my sohztlaa eC
the ba<!eball terms In this week's
puzzles:
1 #- . #
2
4 „,,
5 m,»tn««»«m»»mi<in>n
8 ---rrf ta
* ............. t . .<>•»««»-*«-•«§
8 1 1 ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ i|i ¦!!> — ¦
AocnaC 11, 1M4,
Xame ....«••>••>»«• «-»m**«-aMa
Street or P. O. »»¦»¦¦"¦—
City .¦•>
State *£$*+•**••*
If I win I choose tor pztss
• ••••• ••••••••• • • • • *• * « <<^4> *-* M
(See list of Prizes.)ORIGINAL AND PRES
ENT HOLDERS Ob
FAMOUS TITLES.
Terrific Speed Attained.
PARIJS, Aug. 20.— Rlgolly, who won
the ten kilometers (6}i miles) race at
Ostend for cars weighing up to 1000
kilos (2400 pounds), on a Gobron-Bril
ller car. drove at the rate of over 80
miles an hour. " ¦<» V
His time was 4 minutes 39 seconds,
the, previous record being 5 minutes 11
seconds. The slowest of the five com
peting cars traveled at the rate of 74%
miles an hour, .-•.•- — —^ —-
PARIS, Aug. 20.— The Daily Messen
ger, the oldest English newspaper In
Paris, formerly known as Gallgnani's
Messenger, has ceased to exist.
For ninety years, during the vicissi
tudes of the Allies' occupation of
Paris in 1S15 and the German occupa
tion in 1S70 and the communist Insur
rection during the following year, tha
paper made its regular daily appear
ance. It was mentioned In the novel.
"Trilby," and also by Thackeray and
Wilkie Collins.
It was bought in 1SSD for the Han
sard union and became involved in the
fall of that corporation. It has strug
gled on since then until It ceased pub*
UcaUoa. - -•' ~ - •- -
End of Old Paris Newspaper.
Decline Business Offered by Woman
Whose^ Spouses Die With
Alarming: Freqnency.
MADRID, Aug. 20.— A woman at Lo
grono has just married her eighth hus
band.
Her first marriage" took place when
she was only 16 years of age and she
has been busy marrying ever. since.
Her last husband died of heart dis
ease within two months of his wedding
and none of the others enjoyed more
than two years of married life.
The woman, who is now a little over
30, Is very handsome and belongs to a
distinguished family. Her two broth
ers are professors at the Madrid Uni
versity and her father was a talented
author. '"
i A life insurance office has refused to
Insure the life of her latest husband,
who is a well-to-do photographer.
COMPANIES WILL JNOT
. INSURE EIGHTH HUSBAND
distinguished party out to Kiel. The
Drexels, it is said, are on terms
of the greatest intimacy with
Mrs. "Sam" Lewis, the widow of
the famous, money lender, whose re
cently announced engagement to a
young guardsman caused somewhat of
a sensation. Mrs. Lewis knows more
of the inside lives and means of soci
ety than perhaps any other woman In
England. She could even tell interest
ing Btorles about royal personages.. She
is, therefore, able to get her friends in
troductions to court through channels
that few are aware of. Because of cer
tain heavy financial transactions he
has had with her the Prince of Wales,
It is whispered, would not be above
coming to her aid in this direction if
she appealed to him. If she has inter
ested herself in the Drexels It is no
wonder that they have "got there" so
quickly and so well.
ROMANCE OF THE MAILS.
The envelopes of a whole packet of
letters lust received from Chicago are
being framed preparatory to being
hung In the hall of a fashionable May
fair house. For around these envel
opes hangs an amusing little bit of ro
mance and the raconteur who now
claims their possession holds them as
proof positive of the veracity of his
story) without which he thinks no one
would believe it. For some little time
he has had a maid at his house in
whom all the family took much in
terest, as 'she was a, nice, ingenuous
sort of a girl and did ' her work well.
They knew that she was engaged to be
married to a' young man of a scientific
turn of mind, who was in the employ
of , the leading makers of barometers
and other meteorological instruments
in London. He was sent by his firm to
"No, sir, he's In ' Chicago all the
time and he's. In the same street, but
he seems to move his lodgings every
week, sometimes it's one number and
in the next letter it's another."
"Let me seethe address,' said the
employer, and the girl rushed upstairs,
returning with a packet of her sweet
heart's epistles. Trying hard not to
read the endearing terms with which
the letters commenced the master
glanced at the top of the first page of
some half dozen of them. He found
"Chicago, 78 Fahrenheit" on one, on
another "Chicago, 72 Fahrenheit," on a
third. "Chicago, 80 Fahrenheit" and so
on. This was too much for both mas
ter and mistress. Even the girl's real
distress could not stem their laughter
and the young man of scientific mind
was looked upon Immediately as the
author of one of the finest stories that
could go the rounds. {The meaning of
the word Fahrenheit with the varying
numbers attached was promptly ex
plained to the girl, who In her next
"Oh, that explains it, he's traveling
about the different cities in the States."
TAKES THE TEMPERATURE.
Chicago on business matters and the
lovers were parted. Letters came thick
and fast from Chicago to the maid in
Mayfair and there was no suggestion
of any sort of breach between the two.
But as time went on it was observed
that the girl appeared much per
plexed and worried and the master of
the house finally asked her if anything
was amiss between her and her sweet
heart.
"No, sir," answered the girl, "except
that every letter I have from my young
man says 'Why don't you write?' He
says he hasn't had one letter from me
since he's been In America and I've
written dozens. Directly I receive a
letter I write one back. Twice every
week I've written and he says he
hasn't had one."
"Have you sent them to the proper
address — the address on his letters?"
was the natural inquiry that followed.
"Yes, sir, every time," replied the
maid, "but he seems to be moving
about so much."
letter harked back to the address sup
plied her before her sweetheart left for
the land of the Stars and Stripes.
Now, more than ever, was the fam
ily Interested In their maid, and after
a considerable amount of red tape from
the Dead Letter Office at Chicago has
been returned a whole pile of letters
that had steadily gone on accumulat
ing week by week, addressed to "Mr.
b No. — Fahrenheit. Chicago,
111., U. S. A." As a proof of the whole
story, and to prevent much handling
wearing them out, the envelopes are
now at the framer's being arranged be
hind a sheet of glass.
There could be no more striking
study In contrasts than that presented
by the present Duke of Marlborough
and his renowned ancestor, the victor
of Malplaquet and Blenheim and other
famous battles. Between the short,
slight figure and bovlsh physiognomy
of the former and the stalwart form
and strong handsome countenance of
the great soldier there Is nothing sug
gestive of even remote / relationship.
Like the Duke of Wellington, th,e hus
band of Consuelo Vanderbilt holds his
ancestral estates on condition that a
"tenure flag" is presented every year
to his sovereign. Stimulated by his
American wife's ambition, he strives
hard to amount to something in public
life, and, the standard by which peers
are measured In these days not being
a very high one, he succeeds fairlywell.
But It is his cousin, Winston Churchill,
who inherits most of the brains of the
, family. - §£££ >^
Though occasionally availing himself
of his privileges as a membor of the
House of Lords, Lord Byron has never
taken part In its discussions. He af
filiates with the Tories, but on Glad
stone's Home Rule bill went into the
lobby against his party. When asked
to explain his action he replied that he
had made up his mind never to cast a
vote against a measure favorable to
the Irish people because the Irish poet
Moore had defended his illustrious
namesake.
He is not a lineal descendant of the
poet, who, as Is well known, died with
out Issue. The poet was the sixth
Baron to inherit the title. The present
Lord Byron Is the son of the second
son of the seventh Baron, and succeed
ed his uncle, the eighth Baron, in 1870,
at which time he was only fifteen. He
doesn't look a bit like his Illustrious
namesake. In appearanoe he Is a dark,
dapper man of medium height with a
slight mustache and hair once black
now abundantly tinged with gray. He
cares nothing for sports and derives
his sola outdoor amusements from long
walks and occasional bicycle rides.
FAVORS THE JRISH.
as you like, for there la no bigger cad
in England than you are. nor bigger
idiot."
The Earl is now 70 years old and
has always been a steady-going, emi
nently respectable sort of man. He
lives in a superb mansion known as
Trafalgar House, near Salisbury, which,
with the surrounding estate, was pur
chased for $400,000 by the trustees of
the parliamentary grant ' of $600,000.
made immediately after the death of
the great admiral. His heir. Viscount
Trafalgar, who is in his fiftieth year,
will not. however, succeed to the pen
sion of $25,000 a year which a grateful
nation voted to the first Earl, for its
duration is limited to ' three lives.
Strong religious tendencies character
ize all the members of the family. One
eon holds the rectory of Shaw.
Lord Byron is another peer who has
inherited an illustrious name wjth none
of the genius which made that name
famous. Like the poet, however, he
awakened suddenly one day to find
himself famous. That happened a few
years ago when his heavy loans to a
certain Mrs. Howard Kingscote formed
the subject of Inquiry in the bank
ruptcy court. On that occasion a let
ter was read from the woman who had
got him icto the mess, in which she
wrote; ".You can go bankrupt or not
parson— his father being vicar of Burn
ham Thorpe In Norfolk. It is quite
natural, therefore, that the clerical
strain should predominate in the pres
ent holder of the titles and estates, who
has long been conspicuous at church
congresses— and conspicuous In little
else. The fighting blood in the family,
which missed him, came out strong in
his younger brother, Maurice Horatio
Nelson, who entered the navy when a
youngster of 13 and rose to be a rear
admiral before he retired.
In one respect, however. Earl Nelson
resembles the first and famous Nelson.
The latter, despite the fact that for
long years his home was on the rolling
deep, suffered, as his biographers re
cord, greatly from sea-sickness. And
Neptune exacts the same tribute from
this third Earl if ever he ventures on
salt water when the sea Is a bit rough.
For that reason, perhaps, he has al
ways stuck pretty close to dry land.
EMINENTLY RESPECTABLE.
A striking recognition of the dangers
Involved In bringing a chauffeur lnt»
the^nousehold is afforded by an adver
tisement for a motor car driver which
recently appeared in which It was
stated "only plain looking men need
apply." Time was when, among the
servants, coachmen had far the best
opportunities for capturing romantic
heiresses and that they hava not failed
to make the most of their chances
numerous society scandals attest. But
now the chauffeur is distinctly ahead
of the Jehu In playing this sort of
game with Cupid, despite the fact that
he is often required to wear goggles
and a hideous mask. It would seem
that the exhilaration of "moting** ex
ercises a peculiar psychological influ
ence over susceptible feminine hearts.
The London smart set is eagerly
awaiting developments In the case of
Miss Baldock. who still stubbornly
clings to her determination to marry
her handsome chauffeur. Sh# only re
cently passed her twenty-first birth
day and has an Income of $5000 a year,
with expectations, bound to.be realized
If she lives, of inheriting an additional
$75,000 a year. This may perhaps ac
count for th<» fact that the chauffeur
has refused an offer made by the girl'i
father of $30,000 cash down to call the
match off and exile himself until the
young girl has outgrown her infatua
tion for him. He will come of age In
September, and the girl has so far
yielded to strenuous persuasion as to
consent to the postponement of the
marriage until October, but stoutly
protests that she will make no further
concessions to her parents' feelings'.
The father has Issued his ultimatum
to the effect that the day she leaves
her home to become the bride of the
chauffeur Its doors will be closed
against her forever and he will never
see her again. The anguished mother's
pleadings have proved futile to move
either of them.
Now that every family Influence that
could be brought to bear upon the girl
to induce her to change her mind has
been tried and failed, common sens*
friends are suggesting to her parents
that they should make the best of the
matter. "She is bound to marry the
chauffeur and you cannot prevent her."
they say, "but you could no doubt get
her consent to- the stipulation that she
take him abroad for two or three years
and hava him educated there and
trained in the usages of polite society.
People have short memories In London
and well dressed and wen behaved,
with a handsome face and figure, ha
will experience no difficulty in being
received In society, especially If he
spends money freely. **
But the stern father will not agree
to any such compromise. Though tha
proposition Is a novel one. as far as
dealing with a husband is concerned.
It has its counterpart In several In
stances that could be cited In which
men hava married pretty girls In
humble circumstances. sent them
abroad and put them in the hands of
society polishers, with such excellent
results that on their return they have
been able to take their places along
side of their husbands and make so
breaks that would betray their lowly
origin.
LONDON, Aug. 20.— In fashionable
circles, where susceptible heiresses and
emotional younj; matrons abound, the
chauffeur is fast coming to be regarded
as more dangerous to society than tha
vehicle which he controls, despite the
fact that one paper has dubbed it the
"murder car." Hardlv a week passes
by in which he does not figure in soma
tragic romance. Only a few days ago
two chauffeurs were cited in a divorce
case which revealed a blighted home
and an honored name besmirched.
About the same time a pretty debu
tante was found drowned in a lake.
A letter which she had left explaining
her reasons for committing suicide was
destroyed by her guardian that its con
tents might not be made public. But.
as Is well known among friends of tha
family, she stated in this epistle that
she had fallen in love with the chauf
feur and no longer had the courage to
face life, having discovered that he was
not only a married man with children.
but after winning her affections ha
had been base enough to show the let
ters she had written him to other ser
vants of the household.
It would be difficult to flnd a man in
appearance, tastes and temperaments
more unlike England's greatest Ad
miral than the present Earl Nelson. He
is the son of Nelson's brother, the cler
gyman, who, after the death of the na
tional hero at Trafalgar, succeeded to
the title. Nelson himself, as Is of
course well known, was the son cf a
The eldest son and heir, the Marquis
of Douro, is now 28 years old and still
unmarried. It would surprise no one
if he should some day emulate the ex
ample of the Duke of Marlborough and
replenish the family exchequer by wed
ding an American heiress. Among his
artetocratie associates in the Guards he
is not popular, for no better reason
probably than that he takes the profes
sion of a soldier seriously. They have
nicknamed him "Do-go" and not long
Eince treated him to a severe "rag
ging." which is English for "hazing."
pajresent of it ceased on the death of
the third Duke. Thus it came about
» hen the present Duke took possession
<>f the family property of about 19,000
acres he was deprived of this source
of income. With considerably less
in^ans than had been enjoyed by his
predecessors he was further embar
rassed by the obligation to pay allow
ances out of the estate to the surviving
widows of the second and third Dukes.
HARD TO MAKE ENDS MEET.
It is no secret that with a large fam
ily the Duke has had a hard time of it
to make both ends meet. Although as
a disciple of Mars in his younger days
he displayed few of those talents which
distinguished the conqueror of Na
poleon, rumor has it that among the
swells in the Guards he contracted an
expensive taste for card playing, from
the cenrequences of which his purse
still suffers. Howev«r that may be,
the necessity for retrenchment com
pelled hltn some time ago to seek a
tenant for the Etrathfieldsaye estate,
around which linger so many memo
ries of the national hero, but he has not
yet succeeded In letting it. And though
It has never been openly placed on
the market It has more than once bean
reported that his Grace of "Wellington
"was trying to let or sell Apeley House,
the famous town residence of the vic
tor of Waterloo. Indeed it has been
stated that on one occasion he had
nearly concluded arrangements for its
Eale to a South African millionaire
with Eocial ambitions, when some rich
friends, thinking that the place should
be preserved as a sort of national heir
loom, contributed enough between
them to tide the Duke over his pecuni
ary difficulties. When in town the
Duke ar.d Duchess reside at Apsley
House In very quiet style and do little
entertaining, for It is well understood
among their aristocratic friends that
they cannot afford swell balls and din
ner parties. In fact Arthur Charles
Wellesley finds that being a Duke
Isn't what It Is cracked up to be by a
long shot— especially when there is no
big bank account to back it up. His
natural tastes are those of a country
squire and he finds his chief delight
in hunting and shooting. He has a
preat aversion to public functions and
avoids them as much as possible. Also
he has a great dislike to being photo
graphed, probably because he does not
care to advertise the striking dissimi
larity between his own physiognomy
and that of his great ancestor with
vihich the world is familiar.
NOT POPULAR IN GUARDS.
brother Henry, the third Duke, died
without issue, and he succeeded to the
many dignities and a seat In that
•-hamber -of titled mediocrities, the
House of Lords. By the terms of the
generous money grant which the nation
had bestowed on the fivst and thus
far only great Duke of "Wellington,
The Duke is painfully conscious of
the fact that he is a living example of
the limitations of heredity. There is
nothing great about him and he knows
it and makes no pretensions of living
up to his name and ancestral fame. He
was 51 y<=ars old when in 1900 his
LONDON. Aug. 20.— His Grace th«
present Duke of Wellington, who is the
possessor also of some dozen other
more or less distinguished titles, called
on the King the other day to pay his
rent. When a grateful nation bestowed
the Strathf.eldsaye estates in Berkshire
on his great ancestor, the Iron Duke.
it was decreed that thereafter the
holder of the title should make good his
tenure of the property by presenting
to his sovereign, on the anniversary of
Waterloo, a miniature reproduction of
t3sm British and French flags displayed
on that r-xfcsr.arable field. The repro
ductions cost very little to make up,
but. though through them the Duke
g«=ls his land at considerably less than
a dirt-cheap rate, the ceremony of pre
senting these bits of bunting is one
that he would be very glad to forego.
This because the attendant ceremony
compels him to emerge from the com
parative seclusion in which he loves to
dwell and to flit for a brief hour or two
across the stage of public life, an act
¦which inevitably leads to comparisons
between himself and the famous soldier
to whom he owes his fortune, honors
and titles.
Why English Bar
Good-Looking
Drivers.
Nelson and Byron
Lack Genius of
Ancestors.
Romances of the
"Devil Wagon"
Stir Society.
Present Duke of
Wellington a
Nonentity.
English Society Envious
of Success of These
Americans.
LONDON, Aug. 20.— English society is
much mystified and rendered somewhat
envious by the suddenness with which
the Drexels have found their way to the
personal friendship of the King and
Queen. Outside the royal residences they
go nearly everywhere where their Majes
ties are to be found. They are spending
money like water, and It is estimated
that during the present season their
disbursements will exceed those of any
couple going in for the luxuries of the
London season. Their magnificent
yacht, the Margharita. has taken a
Gain the King's Favor
Through Influence of
Mrs. Sam Lewis.
HOLDERS OF ILLUSTRIOUS
TITLES ARE EXAMPLES OF
HEREDITY'S LIMITATIONS
DAN CUPID RIDES IN AUTO
CARS AND CHAUFFEURS WIN
THE HEARTS OF HEIRESSES
ROYALTY
RECEIVES
DREXELS
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, AUGUST 21, 1904.
Pages 17to 20
* i
+ n
Pages 17 to 20
< — +Golden Gate Council of the National
Union at its last meeting in July ini
tiated twq, strangers. v
Union Council at Its last meeting re
ceived four applications, an unusual
event in that council. Deputy Wilson
told the members to "get that man,"
National Union.
California Assembly No. 1 at, its
meeting in the second week in August
had a good attendance and aft- r the
meeting a very interesting entertain
ment. . ¦
Three new assemblies of the Amer
icans have recently been instituted by
Director General H. C. Lewis, No. 5
at Guerneville, No. 6 :n San Francisco
and No. 7 also in San F,rancisco. Each
starts with a goodly number of mem
bers and it Is expected that each will
make a good showing in a short time.
The director general has gone to
Santa Clara County to establish the
order there and during the last week
Instituted one assembly
The Americans.
The latest financial statement issued
by the supreme secretary of the Royal
Arcanum shows that at the close of the
first half of the year the widows' and
orphans' benefit fund had to its credit
$913,229 29, not counting the money In
the emergency fund. Out of the current
mortuary funds 269 orders were paid,
amounting to $692\655 58, leaving a bal
ance on hand June 30 of $220,573 71,
besides which there were additional
resources In the current mortuary
funds aggregating $656,900. These sums,
with the sum of $2,038,470 "64 in the
emergency fund, made" the total imme
diate avallableyresources of the order
on that date $2(915,944 35, out of which
there was td be paid 125 officially re
ported 1 * claims amounting . to $2S5,000,
leaving the actual excess $2,630,944 35.
Royal Arcanum.
Yer.ba Buena Lodge of the Knights
of Honor on the second Monday In
August had a banquet in celebration
of the installation of the following of
ficers for the current term: Henry E.
Payan, dictator; Edward Hartrick. vice
dictator; B. P. l Abrahamson, assistant
dictator; R. H. Noble, reporter; C. G.
Noble, financial reporter; H. A. Fair
weather, treasurer; J. O. Brown, chap
lain; J. D. Nonken, guide; D. F. Cam
eron, guardian; 'William Wallace, sen
tinel; M. L. Crowe, Thomas Johnstone
and F. W. Wedekind, trustees. After
the supper there was an hour of song,
story telling and speeches, those taking
part being Grand Dictator P. C. Ar
chibald, Grand Reporter Johnstone,
Special Organizer Barnes, Grand<Vtce
Dictator B. E. George, Deputy Grand
Dictator E. C. Stock, Sam Whitney
and C. G. Noble. The tenor of the ad
dresses of the evening were that the
order is showing a marked interest In
every direction in this State.
Saxon Lodge at its first meeting In
August Initiated three strangers and
at Its second^ meeting four.
Ivy Lodge will initiate three stran
gers at its next meeting.
The lodges in Chico and in Grass Val
ley are developing a great deal of
strength of late and initiating many
candidates.-
The Ladies' Auxiliary of the Past
Dictators' Association of the Knights
of Honor, recently organized in this
city, has elected the following named
as the officers for the first term: Mrs.
B. E. George, president; Mrs. E. F.
Joy, vice president; Mrs. H. H. Barnes,
assistant president; Miss E. Warnholz,
secretary; Mrs. M. L. Crowe, treasurer;
Miss Corlne Hirshfleld. financial secre
tary; Mrs. H. N. Hirshfleld, guardian.
At Its last meeting the auxiliary
adopted a constitution and by-laws.
Ivy Lodge had Initiatory work last
week and there was a promise of more
Knights of Honor.
The proceedings are out and ready
for distribution. The new constitutions
will be ready in a few days.
Seaside Parlor at Halfmoon Bay ini
tiated eighteen candidates recently.
Fan Mateo Parlor and Presidio Parlor
of this city with its drum corps were on
hand. A banquet followed the work of
the evening.
• In the latter part of July the officers
of St. Helena Parlor were installed in
. the presence of Grand President lie
¦ Laughlin, Grand Secretary Turner, the
membership cf Napa Parlor that came
up on a special train accompanied by a
brass band, and a delegation of twenty
from Callstoga Parlor. R. E. Flynn Is
s the president of St. Helena for the cur
rent term; L. D. Wolfe, Charles Steves
and B. Spurr, vice presidents; F. G.
Varner, marshal and F. B. Rossi re
cording secretary and E. G. Schune
man financial secretary. The Installa
tion was followed by a banquet that
was partaken of by 150 and then
rpeeches by the grand officers and
others.
The following named have been In
stalled as the officers of Alcatraz Par
lor lor the current term: Dr. C F. Mil-
"Grand Trustee J. Ernmett Hayden,
accompanied by Grand Secretary
Turner, returned last week from offi
cial visits to parlors in the places
named: Plymouth, August 2; Jackson,
S; Amador, 4; Sutter Creek, 6; lone
City. 6; Angels Camp, 8; San Andreas.
9; Fonora, 1L and Hornitos, 13.
The iww parlor organized at Loyal
ton was instituted by General Organ
izer Mooker with twenty-five charter
members, July 25. He will institute one
at Alturas. Parlors are being organ
ized at Taylorville and at Beckwlth.
Second Grand Vice President Wagner
•will shortly institute a parlor at San
Jacinto.
Native Sons.
The souvenir badge of the session of
the Sovereign Grand Lodge' session Is
made of oxidized metal, bearing upon
its face the State flower encircling a
setting sun view of the Golden Gate,
over which are the three links. On the
reverse is an inscription commemora
tive of the occasion. The medal lsvin
the form of a watch fob, on royal pur
ple silk ribbon. There is to it a pin at
tachment to enable one to wear it as
a badge.
Loyal Lodge, at its meeting last
week, initiated six candidates, the new
officers doing the work for the first
time. It was rendered in a faultless
manner. This lodge will have a calico
party and dance August 15.
Mrs. Dora L. Gardner, president of
the California Rebekahs, will visit
lodges of the order at the following
places during August and September:
Sacramento, August 23; Roseville, Au
gust 24; Auburn, August 25; Dutch
Flat, August 26; Truckee, August 27;
Sierraville, August 30; Sierra City, Au
gust 31; Downieville, September 1;
Camptonville, September 2; North San
Juan. September 3; Nevada City, Sep
tember 6; Rough and Ready, Septem
ber 8; Grass Valley, ' September 10;
Iowa Hill. September 12; Coif ax, Sep
tember 13; Newcastle, September 14.
Past President Mrs. Alma Isabel Jen
sen of the California Rebekah Assem
bly, accompanied by her daughter
Ruby, visited San Jose recently, and
the two were guests of Gertrude E.
Moreland. While there the past presi
dent paid a visit to Stella Lodge and
, was well received. . Subsequently she
and her daughter were the guests of
General and Mrs.' E. H. Black in their
beautiful home in Campbell, Santa
Clara County.
Among the prominent members of the
Rebekah Assembly who will take part
in the reception to the Sovereign Grand
son and Lottie Williams, supporters to
the noble grand; Geneva Ashworth
and Alma Johnson, supporters to the
vice grand; Mrs. Gould and Mary
Holmes, guards. The retiring past no
ble grand was presented a collar and
the retiring noble grand a jewel of her
rank in the order. The incoming offi
cers were presented many beautiful
flowers by friends.
REBEKAH AIDS /AT
SOVEREIGN GRAND
LODGE RECEPTION.
At the semi-annual meetingr of the
relief committee of the Foresters of
America. E. R. Zion of Court Palo Alto
was elected president; C. A. Heyden of
Court Mayflower, vice president: Jacob
Label of Court Aurora, secretary (re
elected), and Rudolph Steinman of
Court Golden Went, treasurer (re
elected). During the three months pre
ceding the committee extended relief
in thirty cases.
All fraternal societies having been
given notice to vacate the Pythian Cas
tle. Court Peal Rock, which ha3 met in
that building for many years, has
taken quarters in the Grant Hall of
Pioneer building.
Court Sequoia of Angels Camp, with
the membership of Court Sonora, had
an open-air high jinks under the name
of "A Night in the "Woods" on Aurust
17. Dr. G. F. Pache was the chairman
of the committee of arrangements.
New Century Circle, C. F. of A., wiir
hold memorial service August 21 in its
hall in the Alcazar building.
Inter Nos Circle had a very pleasant
meeting last week, and after the busi
ness there was a sociable evening: of
games, music and. dancing.
Live Oak Circle had a very delight
ful entertainment and dance In the
banquet hall of the Native Sons' build
ing on the evening of the second Friday
In August. The programme was inter
esting and there was dancing enough
to satisfy the most ardent devotee of
whirls to excellent music.
Court Golden Era has appointed a
committee to arrange for a trolley ride
in September.
Court Aurora will celebrate the 26th
anniversary of Its Institution by a ban
quet on August 25.
It has been decided to move the of
fice" of Grand Secretary Cordy from
the Alcazar building to the Flood build
ing.
American Foresters.
The open meeting of the Seven Pines
Circle, Ladies of the Grand Army, in
Grant Hall, Pioneer building, recently,
was'well attended and was a roost en
joyable affair. There was a pleasing
programme of entertainment under the
direction of the president of the circle,
Mrs. Henrietta Howe, assisted by Ame
lia Buttner,. Anna Phillips. Harriett
Finch, Lena Scholten, Mary Watson
and Mesdames Mayhew, Davidson and
Farraday. A feature of the programme
was the comic songs by Arthur Reid.
There was also a grab bag and then
dancing.
Seven Pines Circle.
The funeral services over the re
mains of the late Addie W. Moses, who
was the first worthy matron of Golden
Gate Chapter of the Order of the East
ern Star, and who with ther husband,
William S. Moses, founded the order in
this city, was held under a canopv in
front of the receiving vault In the Ma
sonic Cemetery,- Ausust 15. The serv
ices, by Golden Gate Chapter and con'
ducted by Dr. Amy Florence Temple,
assisted bv Past Grand Patron Dar
ling, were most impressive. There were
present a large number of members of
the order from all the local chapters
and those across the bay; also a large
delegation from Golden Gate Lodge, F.
and A. M.. of which Mr. Moses is a
member. The body rested on a bier
covered with beautiful flowers.' The
vocal part of the service was by Al
vlna Wilson and Miss Gordon, and as
the casket containing the remains of
Mrs. Moses was being conveyed from
the flower-covered bier, to the vault a
concealed cornetist played "Nearer.'My
God, to Thee."
Woodslde, the worthy matron, and Dr.
Charles Boxton, the worthy patron:
Arrangements— Mrs. T. R. Horton, P.
F. Ferguson and J. Tonningsen; recep
tion—Mrs. W. Cords, Mrs. J. Caley,
Mrs. G. W. Wittman, Mrs. G. Witmer,
Mrs. A. Turpln, Miss H. Ferguson, Cap
tain T. S. Duke, Dr. Jaegllng, W. F.
Buswell, H. Nuckolls and A. B. Ebner;
decoration— Mrs. T. S. Duke, Mrs. W.
F. Buswell, Miss E. W. Ferguson, Cap
tain A. Woodside and J. Blakeway;
floor— L. A. Steiger, Mrs. H. Nuckolls
and Miss L. Bronson.
At a recent special meeting this
chapter Initiated five strangers and on
the third Thursday of this month has
quite a class to initiate. •
San Francisco Chapter give a
social, musical and dance in Elks' Hall,
August 29, under the direction of the
following named, appointed by Worthy
Matron Mrs. Bertha 'E. Mackrett,
which will be the committee in charge:
Carrie A. Robinson, G. W. Qeaque, H.
W. Maass, John J. Neubarth, Ella
Hevener, Eugenie Addler, Mary Si
monds, Anna Cattermole, Christine So
renson, Laura Lowrie and Mary Trefts.
It is expected that this will be the
most interesting affair ever given by
this chapter.
The Grand Parlor having granted
Grand Secretary Laura J. Frakes a
vacation, she went to Sutter Creek
to visit her parents. She was absent
two weeks.
The installation of the officers of Oc
cidental Parlor by Gabrielle Gress of
Gabrfelle Parlor of this city, one of the
district deputy grand presidents, is said
to have been one of the prettiest and
most enjoyable of the installation sea
son outside of this city. The install-'
ing officer was accompanied - by the
grand secretary. »
Sans Souci Parlor, Native Daughters
of the Golden West, had the following
named Installed as Its officers
for the ensuing term by Miss
Mae O'Connor, D. D. G. P.;
Jessie Hunter, past president; Lu
«*tta Perry, Jessie Richardson and
Dora Bloom, vice presidents; Minnie F.
Dobbin, recording, and Sarah White
man, financial secretary; Ray Bloom,
treasurer; Mary Mooney, marshal; An
nie Walter andj Fannie Nightingale,
sentinels; Madge Macino, Sadie Oppen
heimer and Victoria Rea, trustees;
Mollie Meagles, organist. At the close
of the ceremony the past president,
Miss Hunter, was presented a pretty
diamond ring in appreciation of her
services for the parlor. This parlor
will take part in the parade in Oakland
on Admission day, the members riding
in a tally-ho. . .*:
During the celebration of Admission
day in Oakland Piedmont Parlor will
have headquarters In the Ben Hur
Temple at 1060 Broadway, where it will
receive its many friends, including the
Native Sons, who will be In that city
on that day and evening. The parlor's
committee that is arranging this affair
is composed of Gertrude Blber, Jennie
E. Brown, Alice Arroge, Beda Pacheco
and Misses M. Sewell and M. James.
Alma Bock, president of the parlor, and
Mrs. J. Jordan, the firsfvice president,
will serve on the reception committee.
In the early part of August the offi
cers of Oneota Parlor, Native Daugh
ters of the Golden West, of Ferndale
were installed by Mrs. J. E. Rose of
Arcata, D. D. G. P., assisted ljy a full
corps of'acting grand officers. The cer
emony was followed by' a reception to
Mrs. C. A. Monroe, a member of thte
parlor, who at the recent session of the
Grand Parlor was " elected a grand
trustee. The reception was at an open
meeting, at which there were prese/it a
large number of .persons non-members
of the order. Including many of the
Native Daughters of Arcata and eome
The officers of Dardanelle Parlor, N.
D. G. W. t were installed by Mary Carr.
D. D. G. P.; those of Ora Parlor by
Laura Patty, those of Bonita Parlor
by Dora Wilson, those of Ursula Par
lor by Rose Podesta; tbese of Hia
watha Parlor were Installed at a spe
cial meeting by Madia Bedford; those
of Gabrielle Parlor by Lina Wilson;
those of Marguerite Parlor by Viola
Knight, in the presence of forty-seven
members; those of Ruby Parlor by
Delia Rose, in the presence of ten vis
itors; those of Golden State Parlor by
Susie Krist, who also installed the of
ficers of Buena Vista Parlor;- those of
San Luisita and San Miguel parlors by
Gladys Boswcll. those of Woodland
Parlor by Abbie Murry, those of An
gelita Parlor by Meda Vanderwort,
those of VfcTitura and of Reina del Mar
parlors by Antoinette Coutolence and
those of Winona Parlor by Elizabeth
Rose.
Past Grand President Etna Gett has
organized a parlor at Oak Park, with
a large membership.
Isabelle Kull of Tosemite Parlor
went to St. Louis on her vacation.
Native Daughters.
The lodges of Santa Clara County
¦will have a district meeting in San
Jose during the second week in Sep
tember. " :
A meeting was held August 13 in the
office of the grand recorder tor the pur
pose of forming a relief committee In
this city.
Silver Spray Lodge, D. of H., had a
very pleasant meeting laut week, and
The following have bej-.n installed as
the officers of Golden West Lodge, A.
O. U. W., for— the current term by
Major M. J. Blackman, D. D. G. M.:
T. Cummins, master workman; E.
Johnson, ftreman; 'J. Keohane, over
seer; C. A. Shea, recorder; J. F. Mc-
Kay, financier; A. W. Lehrke, receiver;
M. Bergin. Inside watchman; P. Man
ning, outside watchman, and P. Mc-
Coimack, trustee. After installation a
past master's badge of solid gold was
presented to T. Cummins, who Is now.
fervlng his third term as master, S.
McKee making the presentation on be
half of the lodge. There was also a
collation.
Two new lodges of the order are in
process of organization.
A number of the officers of Forget-
Me-Not Lodge of the Degree of Honor
were Installed by Deputy Miss Lucy
McNear on the first Saturday in Aug
ust and the others were installed last
week.
The grand master is arranging for a
series of visits to the lodges In the
northern part of the State.
The late Dr. A. F. Payne, formerly
health officer of. Berkeley, who died
recently from erysipelas' as announced
in The Call, was a past master of
Berkeley Lodge and had been a mem
ber of the order for twenty years.
Up to the 9th of August the grand
recorder issued sixty-four new cer
tificates and twenty-nine certificates to
members who had been finally sus
pended. /
Carnation Lodge of -the Degree of
Honor gave a social on the last Friday
night in July in its ' lodgeroom In the
Shiele building, which was well attend
ed and it was a pleasant affair. This
lodge during the current month, and
possibly during September, will have
but two meetings a month, the second
and fourth Fridays. The lodge is ar
ranging for a first-class literary enter
tainment on August 30.
On August 12 this lodge had an open
meeting, at which there were a num
ber of members from other lodges of
this citv; also the grand secretary,
Miss Loretta B. Donnelly. -During the
evening, under good of the order,
there was a lecture on "The Home,-" by
J. F. Walthour; an eloquent, address
by David S. Hirshberg, deputy grand
master, A. O. U. W,j a talk alone
practical lines by E. C. Stock, of For
get-Me-Not Lodge, supplemented by
words of encouragement by Miss Don
nelly, G. S., and a few remarks by
others. Refreshments were then served.
This lodge will have an open meeting
on the last Friday in August. On the
30th of the month the lodge will have
a first-class literary entertainment and
dance in the Laurel Hall of the Shiels
building.
Past Grand Master W. H., Barnes has
severed his connection with the Califor
nia Ancient Order United Workmen,
the official organ of the Grand Lodge.
It is now being published by Grand
Recorder Spencer. It is a neat publica
tion, full of such matter as is most in
teresting to the members of the order.
From reports sent to the grand re
corder during July it appears that
eighty-seven lodges had work in the
initiatory degree during that month. .
The total amount paid to beneficiaries
during July was $118,000. Up to August
9 $60,000 was paid on the current
month's account.
Ancient Order Workmen.
The next session of the High Court
of the Independent Order of Foresters
will be held In the city of San Diego
October 11. G. Q. Stewart, the incum
bent high vice chief ranger, is the logi
cal candidate for the office of high chief
ranger. He has been an active worker
for the order for many years and has,
step by step, been promoted to the
higher stations In recognition of his
effective work for the organization. It
is likely that the office of high vice
chief ranger this year will go to a mem
ber of one of the southern courts. High
Treasurer Cameron will be a candidate
for higher honors.
The camp of Royal Foresters at a
meeting recently decided to secure uni
forms to go to the High Court session
in "swell suits."
The reception tendered by Court So
lano during the latter part of July to
jnembers of the order was a red-letter
~bne in the history of this court. There
were many present and at the banquet
served by the host court Past High
Chief Ranger O. S. Cooper discharged
the duties of his station in a most en
tertaining manner. There was a tine
supper and much, speeehmaking. The
honored guests were: G. Q. Stewart,
H. V. C. R.; E. N. Cameron. H. T.: J.
P. Murphy, H. M.; F. W. Collins, vice
president of the San Francisco board
of deputies; J. B. Knudson, treasurer
of the board; O. K. Brown, C. B. Stern,
J. E. Emmons, F. T. Wheeler, J. Cru
den, W. H. Godfrey and W. L. White.
From statements made during the
evening it appears that the host court
Is in a most prosperous condition.
A new court of the order is in process
of organization In Alameda County and
will soon be instituted.
Arrangements have been made for a
large class initiation In Los Angeles on
October 10.
Independent Foresters.
Boadicea Circle had a very pleasant
party in the Shield building- on the sec
ond Friday in August. There was a
large attendance and there was a well
arranged programme of dances.
The second aniversary entertainment
given by Elmhurst Grove in the town
of that name was a very pleasant af
fair. Among those who attended were:
George H. Bertram, grand sentinel; W.
Gallagher, grand trustee; Past Arches
Joe M. Wolff, Walsh, Sickel and Sulli
van.
Hesperian Circle at its last meeting
had several candidates to initiate. The
circle will give a party on the night of
August 31.
During the current month Noble
Grand Arch Dr. Legh. accompanied by
Grand Secretary Martinoni, has paid a
number of official visits to groves In
Sonoma County. On August 23 the
head of the order will visit Aurora
Grove in this city, and on the 23th
Laurel Grove.
D. Bamman has been appointed al
ternate to the Supreme Grove, vice
Cavagnaro, deceased.
M. J. Hynes has been Initiated a
member of Golden Star Grove.
At the last meeting of the Past Arch
Association six eligibles were admitted
by initiation. The association paid a
visit to Templar Lodge last week and
was well received.
About thirty-three of the members
of Hartnagle Chapter of tho U. A. O. D.
have signed an agreement to form a
company of the uniform rank of th»
order.
A few evenings since Noble Grand
"Arch Charles de Legh. accompanied Jby
Grand Secretary Martlnonl, visited
Fraternity Grove In St. Helena and re
organized It on & firmer basis. Tho
degree team of St. Helena Grove and
th'at of Qld Friends Grove assisted in
the initiation of a large class of can
didates.
The Druids.
and they evidently have been getting
him.
California Council is nof asleep, for
at the last meeting It had fourteen ap
plications to act upon.
Mission Council at its last meeting In
July had one Initiation.
Pacific Council gave a party recently,
which was well attended.
strangers for Initiation In the future.
Liberty Lodge has been unusually
active of late and is making a good
record for Initiatory work. This lodge,
at one time one of the foremost In the
order, is working to regain its former
standard.
the anniversary of her birth.
6 A number of the members of San
"Francisco Temple a few evenincs
rince paid a surprise visit to Mrs. A.
' C. Kull, late manager of the temple,
"fit her residence, 1370 Eleventh ave
nue. During the~ evening there was
ringing:, music, recitations, dancing
and a collation.
j During fhe past week Grand Chief
Bcttie C. Nickell commenced a tour of
official visits and was with Olive Tem
ple, Santa Barbara; Junipero Temple.
San Luis obispo; Mystic Temple, Ox
nard; Rose Temple, Ventura, and Mis
sion Temple at Lompoc. She then
came to this city and will leave for
"•Eureka, whore she will attend a dis
trict convention August 26 of the tem
ples of Ilamona, Farvcest. Fernleaf and
Fortuna, which are ail in district 1.
6 A new temple has been instituted at
Garnerville, Humboldt County, by Past
• Chief Alice Mills of Ferndale.
Viclno Temple of Sissor. recently lost
all its temple property by fire, but it is
starting anew and will soon be in'busi
ness again.
is visiting the fair in St. Louis.
During a recent session of Olympic
e Temple of Grass Valley Mrs. M. H.
Wel'don, one of the members, was sur
prised by the temple presenting her a
handsome handkerchief case and an
immense cake. It being the occasion of
and Marie Alarcon. This temple is
assisting in the preparation of a light
.opera, "The Two Vagabonds." Past
Chief Gertrude Mezone of this tempi©
tion of her services for the temple.
Mrs. J. V. Chloupek was hostess at
. cn afternoon tea given in honor of
Supreme Representative Mrs. Fltz
perald.
. The officers of Hermione Temple of
J*anta Cruz were installed for the cur
rent term by Mamie Gardener, D. D.
G. C assisted by Emma Lynam and
Minnie Pooley. The work was fol
.lowed by a banquet and a social hour.
A feature of the evening was the sing
ing of "Good Xight," a chorus song
composed by one of the members.
There were present visitors from Au
tmrn and San Luis Obispo. This tem
. pie, which has been very successful,
¦will, it is expected, under the guidance
." of Xettie D. Gilbert, the newly in
.etalled most excellent chief, make
rtill greater progress, as that lady is
a most active sister. She will be as-
Fisted by Elsie Cardiff, Adele Bennett
Towne. Jennie Richardson, Dora M.
Jones, Delia Madera, Emma Lynam
Supreme Representative Mary Al
vord Fitzgerald recently visited Loyal
Temple -of Oakland and assisted Lilly
Samuels, P. G. C, in installing the of
ficers for the current term. Mrs.
Fitzgerald was presented with a beau
tiful painted plate by the temple and
the new most excellent chief was pre
sented by Judge George Samuels on
behalf of the temple with a large bou
quet of white carnation?. Mrs. Leda
Smart, P. C. of the temple, who is
ebout to remove from Oakland to
Napa, was presented a set of silver
teaspoons by the temple in apprecia
tion of love and esteem and recogni-
After having visited St. Helena Par
lor in Napa County and parlors in
Humboldt County. Grand ' President
Charles E. McLaughlin has returned
to his home in Plumas. Grand Trustee
Bismark Bruck, who accompanied
him, remained in Humboldt to visit
some parlors the grand president could
not reach.
Grand Organizer Mooker has insti
tuted a new parlor in Alturas and now
he is working on one in Cedarville. A
new parlor is soon to be organized at
Taylorvill?. /
Grand Second Vice President W. D.
Wagner instituted a new parlor at San
Jacinto with a good membership Aug
ust 11, in the presence of a large dele
gation from Arrowhead Parlor of San
Bernardino, which came up on a spe
cial train.
Sacramento Parlor will take^part in
the celebration in Oakland on Admis
eion day.
lar, past president; T. J. Gillespie,
president; T. J. Sullivan. Harry Stenge
and George Carter, vice presidents; W.
J. Koser. marshal; Charles F.Fitzsim
mons, recording secretary: Harry C.
Derby, financial secretary; W. J. Wolf,
treasurer; E. Regensberger, trustee;
Charles J. Turner and J. O. Staples,
Eentinels.
The Rebekahs.
The following named have been In
stalled as the officers of Templaf Re
bekah Lodge: Maud Dennett, noble
grand; Cora Gable, vice grand; Ethel
Holmes, recording secretary: Adelaide
Brown, financial secretary; Anna Den
ning, treasurer; Bessie Munroe, ward
en; Alta Yoeum, conductor; Lottie Car-
by California Chapter of the Order of
the Eastern Star, In Golden Gate Hall
in the early part of August, was a very
delightful function and was attended
by a large number of members of the
chapter and friends. It was success
fully carried out by the following
named committees, assisted by Mrs. A.
Eastern Star.
The fourth anniversary party given
The officers of Manzanita Parlor were
installed by Olive Gaylord, D. D. G. P.
Subsequently the parlor had a chil
dren's day at Glen Park, where all had
an enjoyable time.
While in Sutter Creek Grand Secre
tary Laura J. Frakes visited Amapola,
her home parlor. She was welcomed
not only by the members of that par
lor, but by delegations from Conrad,
Chlspa and Forest parlors. There was
an initiation, and the work was ren
dered ' in a most creditable manner.
After the work the grand officers deliv
ered a' Dleasant address to her sisters,
and then there were congratulatory ad
dresses by members, who expressed
great satisfaction that she had been
continued in office.
from Eureka. After the reception and
a congratulatory address by Mrs.
James Smith there was an interesting
evening of cards, music and the serv
ing of luncheon by the C. C. Ladies'
Aid, at which Mrs. L. P. Brartsetter, th*
retiring president, presided. There was
the presentation of beautiful flowers
and short addresses by Mrs. Jackson
and Mrs. O'Connor of Fortuna, George
Price of Ferndale and Under Sheriff
Ferrlll of Eureka. The new president
is Grace Feenaty and the recording
secretary Is Hattie E. Reberts.who was
re-elected. The other officers are: Flor
ence Crippen, Nellie Dugan, Cavy
Miner, Christine Berding, Nettie Can
field, Gertrude Francis, Ethel Kausen,
Marie Lund, Minnie K. Kausen, Mlram
Michel and Sophia Hill.
Keith, Calaveras and La Estrella par
lors will have joint headquarters in
Oakland on Admission day, in the For
esters' building. The members of Keith
Parlor will be attired^in white and
will wear jaunty white caps.
Sans Souci Parlor a few evenings
eince paid a surprise visit to the resi
dence of Mr. and Mrs. C. H. Durham,
at 939 Oak street, and a very enjoyable
evening was spent in music, songs,
games and then an excellent collation.
Those who took part were: Mr. and
Mrs. Charles Kenealey,* Mr. and Mrs.
F. E. Durham, Mr. and Mrs. H. Bloom,
Mr. and Mrs. Whlteman, Mr. and Mrs.
J. Measles, Mr. and Mrs. George Drew
of Fresno; Mesdames M. F. Dobbins,
A. Levey, M. Hunter, W. B. Drown,
C. D. Stanton, J. J. Sullivan, Captain
Scaburg, M. Farley, E. Rix,' M. Merino
and J. Howell; Misses Jessie Hunter,
Tessie Richardson, I. Johnson, L. Itch
ier, Clare Stanton, Ray Bloom and
Irene Sullivan; Messrs. Sol Leman, A.
Heyman, H. Durham, W. Durham, T.
F. Monroe and George Durham.
it was aroused to a spirit of enthusi
asm by addresses by Sam Booth, the
grand receiver of the A. O. IT. W.; Miss
Donnelly, grrand recorder of the D. of
H., and others. This lodge will Rive a
social in Excelsior Hall August 23.
Lodge next month are Mrs. Dora L.
Gardner, president of the assembly,
and Past Presidents Sarah M. Wolf,
Mrs. Ada Madison and Mrs. Alma I.
ECHOES FROM THE LODGE ROOM
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. AUGUST 21, 1904.
18Edith Wynne Mathison has signed
a contract to • play leads with Henry
Arnold Daly is considering a prop
si tion that has been made to him to
produce Bernard Shaw's "You Never
Can Tell" and "Mrs. Warren's Profes
sion."
Kyrlc Bellew will follow "Ca'hdida"
at the Columbia Theater.
ACTOR FOLK. RETURN
FROM THEIR SUMMER
VACATION JOURNEYS
ROME. Aug. 20.— The discovery ha*
been made at Lecce. In Italy, during
the medical examination oi Giuseppe
de Maggio, a^ed 23, that the man pos
sesses two ribs more than the usual
number and two hearts. The hearts
are on either side of the chest cavity,
that on the right being healthy, the
•>ther being atrophied. De Maggio ha3
been offered .£1500 for his body after
death by an American museum, half
to be raid at once and the rest when
One Is in Usual Place but Atrophied,
the Other Is Said to Be
Perfectly Healthy.
YOUNG ITALIAN FOUND
TO HAVE TWO HEARTS
One of the most interesting engage
ments of the season is that of Arnold
Daly and his company in "Candida,'.'
at the Columbia this week. "Can
dida" is perhaps the most talked of
of those most lavishly discussed plays
—the Shaw repertoire. It Is the latest
to- be played. New York made ac
quaintance with it only a few months
ago, at Arnold Daly's hands, and as a
sensation its triumph was complete.
Mr. Daly himself Is an Irishman and
completely In sympathy with the other
brilliant Hibernian who fathered the
play. The conjunction is uncommon
and the engagement promises to be
one of fascinating Interest. In Mr.
Daly's support, that will be identical
with his New York entourage, will be
Miss |Dorothy Donnelly, who has
bounded suddenly Into fame through
her characterization of Candida. Miss
Donnelly, It will be remembered, ap
peared here as lime. Alvarez in "Sol
diers of Fortune"— without any par
ticular distinction, however.' The com-
"CANDIDA," SHAW'S MOST
TALKED OF PLAY, WILD
MAKE ITS BOW HERE
To " my mind the most hopeful fea
ture of the theatrical situation in
America is the great spirit of ind£?
pendence and discrimination' which
the public has shown lately with re
gard to • theatrical attractions. : For
Clyde Fitch will arrive from France
the ' middle i of August. He will re
hearse and produce two plays for the
holidays — Clara Bloodgood in "The
Coronet of a Duchess" and Mrs. Gil
bert In "Granny."
Mrs. G. H. Gilbert has written
Charles Frohman. that she is full of
health and eager to begin her work and
ha3 asked for her part in the new
play, "Granny," which Clyde Fitch
has written for her starring tour. Tha
play will be produced In Philadelphia.
Charles Frohman has re-engaged
Bruce McRae to play the leading role
with Ethel Barrymore In the produc
tion of "Sunday."
William Gillette will remain on' hi3
house yacht, Aunt Polly, working on
his new play until late in September,
when he begins his season In "The
Admiral Crichton."
William H. Crane has returned from
Europe and ia resting at his country
place. Cohasset, prior to his rehearsals,
which begin August 25. He Is to ap
pear in "Business Is Business," the
play which created so great an im
pression at the Comedie Francaise last
season and which is still being played
there. Mr. Crane's company will inr
elude Joseph Wheelock Jr., Walter
Hale, Katherine Grey, Mrs. Dellen
baugh, George Backus, Sheridan
Block, Harry St. Maur. R. Payton
Gibbs, Guy Nichols, W. K. Dupont,
Gabrielle Ravenelle, Emma Field and
George V. de Vere. Charles Frohman
will produce "Business Is Business"
at the Criterion Theater, New York, on
September 19.
• • •
Olga Nethersole is endeavoring to
lease a West End theater in London
and if successful will produce an
adaptation by W. L. Courtney of Paul
Hervieu's "Le Dedale," which was
produced at the Theatre Francais last
season.
Edna May sailed 'from London last
Friday for New York to appear in
"The School Girl" at Daly's Theater
September 5.
? * •
Nat C. Goodwin will open his sea
son with an elaborate production of
I. N. Norris* comedy, "The Usurper,"
produced at the Theatre Francais last
tober 3.
• ~ • •
Irving'* company for the next two
years.
Marcus and Gartelle, comedy skat
ers, are headlined at the Chutes.
Eva Williams is headlined at, the Or
pheum this week. Next week the' dis
tinguished singers, Mase and Julia
Heinrichs will appear.
At the Central they are tremendous
ly up-to-date this week with a new
war play, "A Spy at Port Arthur."
James Nclll and his company will be
seen at the Grand Opera-house this
week in the stirring war drama "Held
By the Enemy."
The California puts on "The Man of
Mystery" this afternoon and is actively
preparing for the Florence Roberts en
gagement of four weeks that begins
on Sunday evening next Miss Rob
erts has decided upon "Tess of the
D'Urbervilles" as her opening play
and will also produce for the first tlma
here "Marta of the Lowlands."
• • •
The Alcazar returns to romantic
drama this week with "The Pride of
Jennlco," in which White Whittlesey
will have a congenially romantic op
portunity. There are still to-day's two
performances o£»"The Manxman," that
can be cordially recommended . to the
playgoer. >
Fischer's to-morrow evening puts
forth another new burlesque, written
specially for the house by Will Carle
ton and Lee Johrison and called "The
Annheuser Push." There are three
acts, one picturing the St. Louis ex
position grounds by night, the second
a brewery and the third the opening
of the Fatrmount Hotel. They will be
on_ top again with the new soubrette,
who, will be clever Georgia O'Ramey—
loved and lost to Fischer's only a few.
months ago. >;
pany comes from New York
for the engagement and returns there
again Immediately after it, the two
weeks being in fact another of the
brilliant coups that have distinguished
the. Columbian management this sea
son.
And with an armful of both of them
an abashed critic went slowly down the
Central stairs.
"Just held the pistol out till some one
else fired one in the wings," said the
capable youngster. "I»ts of funny
things happen on the stage. My mam
ma tells one. I was playing the sick
boy in 'East Lynne' and I got really
tick. It was in a country town "
entirely delicious was Miss Cooper's ac
cent on "country town" — "and they got
a boy to lie in bed and cut the rest of
the scenes. My mamma got behind
the bed end said his lines. Madame
Vine has to say, you know, oh. my
dear, dear Willie, you are dead!' Then
the boy jumped up and shouted: 'Oh,
go long, I ain't dead!' "
I laughed and asked If the story were
true.
"I think so," Ollie said. "Mamma
has told it a good many times the
same way."
"Mamma sometimes tells stories she
means to be true," Martine advanced.
"What kind?" asked Ollie. "Stories
us kids tell?"
"Like fairy stories," Martine de
scribed.
"Oh, I thought you meant the other
kind," said Ollie.
"Fibs?" Martine asked. "Oh, no."
"No, mamma teaches me," she re
plied. Then ehe laughed. "Such a
funny thing happened last night. My
pistol wouldn't go off."
Miss Cooper is the boy that shoots
papa for his mommer's sake in "For
the Children's Sake."
"What did you do?"
~TW0 ST'AGE CHILDREN WHO HAVE BEEN APPEARING AT THE CENTRAL.
PARIS, Aug. 20. — Americans who
have visited Paris will recall an ex
ceedingly expert woman rider at th*
Nouveau Cirque, who astonished tha
public every evening by her clever rid
ing and was billed as the Bareness da
Rhoden.
She was a real Baroness. She was
born in Breslau, the daughter of a well
to-do German stock broker, and when
she was about 17 her father committed
suicide because he failed in business.
She was left penniless and had only one
resource. She wa3 a_ good rider and
found an engagement at Riga, But the
persons who engaged her* refused to
pay her anything, saying she was serv
ing her apprenticeship. A reputable
newspaper which took up her cause got
her a position in St. Petersburg. Thera
her success began.
In the height of It Baron Oscar
Vladimir von Wradren, of a noble fam
ily of Eothoma, fell In love with her.
Being impetuous the Baron's wooins'
was short and they were married at
once. His fortunes were ruined and as
she would not consent to leave the cir
cus, both became riders.
He was very Jealous and had several
duels over what he deemed affronts to
his wife. Lieutenant de Castenchold ho
shot dead, when the latter tried to>
strike him with a cane. The Baroness
saw It and never recovered from th*
horror it caused her.
Later she came to Paris, appearing
both at Nouveau Cirque and th» Fblles
Bergeres. One feat haa never been
achieved by another rider. She drew
her horse upon his hind feet and threw
herself back, lying down until her head
touched the croup.
The Baron died and the Baroness
continued her career, resting from tima
to time.
One day the maid went to tJ»« Ba
roness* room at 9 o'clock In th« morn
ing to throw open the blinds.
"It Is night," the Baroress ex
claimed.
"No. madame, tha room la full ofl
sunshine."
Then the Baroness knew that sha
had been stricken blind. Nevertheless
she rode that very night and was
thrown against a post so heavily that
she sustained serious injury. She dis
appeared from public view and it was
long before the reason was known. Now
she has taken up another career, being
a woman cf remarkable energy and
force oi character. ... •!
She went to a teacher of singing. Mr.
Roman!, whom she had known at tha
Bergeres. He was touched to see her
In so sad a plight and asked her If she
could sing. She said she could and
sang for him. Her voice is strong and
sympathetic and she has progressed so
rapidly in her music studies that she
will sing this winter In drawing-rooms.
Widow of Bankrupt Nobleman Leaves
Equestrian Ring Only After
Sustaining Severe Injury.
BLIND BARONESS STAR
RIDER IX A CIRCUS
"Honest Injun. Ollie," I challenged
her and pushed over the candy, "what
do you like to do best in the whole
world?" *
"That's, a hard one," Ollie confessed,
her teeth meeting over a purple wad of
sugar. "I— think— going to a picnic. Or
dressing, dolls. I can't really dress, 'em.
you know, but I make a bluff at It.
Oh, no, I know— I'd rather go in swim
ming!"
"Of course you would," I said. "And
how did you learn to act?"
"Came by me natural," Miss Cooper
said unshyly.
"Me too." remarked Baby Martine.
"Do you go to school?"
"I've Just played a beautiful part In
'Jim Bludsoe,' down in Los Angeles,
too, Little Britches. I had a good part
in 'One Summer Day,' Just lately at
the Alcazar."
"Fauntleroy for one." she replied:
"Yes, I do," Miss Cooper decided. She
has a quick, boyish laugh, the gestures
of a boy, sometimes the boy voice.
"What kind of thing do you want to
do when you grow up?"
"Like Miss Roberts does," Ollie said.
"Miss Roberts does so many kinds
of things," I remarked. *-• ,
"That's the reason," Miss Cooper put
it.
"And what are your favorite parts
now?"
it-" .
"I think possibly if you saw «ome of
the comedies at the Columbia you
would enjoy them," I suggested.
"I've never been to the Columbia,"
she informed me.
"And what are we going to do when
we grow up?" I asked.
"Well, I want to be a leading lady, of
course." Martine Baid, drawing up her
little white neck. "I don't want to
play parts ' like Zaza and Sappho,
though. I haven't seen them, but I've
heard people talk about them. I like
most of the plays I've seen here. I was
in an awful .one last week, though —
'Just Struck Town.' But that was at
the California.
"And what else have you been in?"
I began to feel extremely young with
that experienced little soul beside me.
"Oh, I've done Little Eva, and I cre
ated the part of Chan Toy in 'The
First Born' — we're going to do that
here in a week or two," the tiny mum
mer said. She blushed then, as with
en artist's shame, she asked me if I
knew that she had been in "The Toy
maker." "I was, but I wouldn't tell
anybody, though. I was the Little Bo-
Peep on top of the drum. I hadn't a
word to say! — Oh, here's Ollie!"
And Ollie, rosy-cheeked, boyish, burst
into the room, the picture man follow
ing her. The children posed themselves
in the big chair, Ollie, with her big,
saucy blue eyes, saucy upturned nose,
golden locks topped by a red Tarn, and
Bailor blue serge suit, a complete foil
in character to the other little one. I
noted afresh the purple-veined tem
ples of the other child, the fine, long
chin, the bulge of the brow, the small,
fine nose and mouth, the accurate oval
of the face.
She was saying: "I've only had a bit
of cake to eat all day, Ollie."
Ollie laughed: "And 1 couldn't eat
anything myself but two eggs, two
slices of bacon, a plate of buttered
toast and — oh, fried potatoes and cof
fee. And I had "em in bed! That's
what you get for being up late"— to me.
"Oh, is it?" I said.
"I'm fond of eggs," she laughed. "Do
you know — oh. my sister, that's Geor
gie Cooper, she used to send me to the
theater with eggs «nd milk and lemon
beaten up together for my brother-in
law—that's Landers Stevens. It's de
licious," and Miss Ollie smacked ap
proving lips. "Well, Landers used to
notice that it got less every day. He
only laughed, though. But It's real
good — do you good. Teeny" — to Miss
Martine.
"Martine doesn't like eggs, or com
edy." I began. "I'm sure you do?"
There, Mr. Fischer!
"But that is burlesque at Fischer's,
not comedy," I explained respectfully.
"Oh, burlesque, you call it," she said;
"well, I don't like It, whatever you call
"I let the cat play with 'em. And I
play with the cat. It's name's 4 Be
delia.' It's a beauty. »
"Oh, you heard Elizabeth Murray
sing 'Bedelia?' I said.
"No," she said, "it was Frances Starr
at the Alcazar — in 'The Moth and tha
Flame,' you know. I played the little
boy. It isn't a good part. I hadn't
anything to do. That was one of my
parts."
"That" was a picture of Baby Mar
tine on the mantelpiece, posed with
Juliet Crosby in "Madame Butterfly,"
a tiny, tottering baby.
"Why, do you remember that?" I
cried.
"I remember just the line ehe-said,"
prattled the child. " 'See, blue eyes,
fair hair. Just like father, him my
baby trouble.' "
She was 3 years old then. .V '
"And you don't like comedy?" I
asked, pushing the candy over to her.
She took a "hard chocolate" quietly
and said again: "No, I went" to
Fischer's one night with papa and
mamma. They sat there Just laugh
ing and laughing. I put my head on
mamma's lap and went to sleep. I
thought it was the silliest old thing I
ever eaw. It was called 'Fiddle Dee
Dee.' "
Was it really the tiny, white- f rocked
baby at my side talking? Just as I have
written, word for word, the childish
voice was piping away. Do you re
member that I said Baby Martine was
6 years old?- She was chattering of dolls
when I heard her again.
"I never play with dolls," she said.
it is often the mother's fault when the
children get 'sassy.' They tell them
that they will punish them If they do
certain things and "
"And the children do them and their
mammas don't punish them," continued
the child. "They let 'em grow 'sassy.'
It is all right if you stop 'em when
they are little!"
"You remain here while I go to my
hotel and get some money," said Evans.
Bulger did as he was told and amused
himself for two hours waiting for
Evans to return. Finally he was so
sleepy that he decided to confess to the
proprietor that he had no money.
"I am waiting for my friend to come
back with some money," explained
Bulger when the proprietor said it
was necessary to close the place at
daylight. •
"Your friend paid the check when he
went out two hours agu," said the
proprietor; .
Two of Henry W. Savage's leading
comedians, Charles E. Evans of "The
Sho Gun" and Harry Bulger of "Wood
land," are spending their spare time
In Boston playing jokes on each other.
One evening last week, after a per
pormance of "Woodland," Bulger
sought Evans, who had Just finished a
rehearsal of the Ade-Luders opera, and
a game of billiards was proposed. The
game started shortly after 11 o'clock,
and about 2 o'clock in the morning
Bulger confided to Evans that he was
without funds.
\ "You'll have to pay the check," Bul
ger said.
The other comedian had a large sum
of money, but he couldn't resist the
temptation to play a joke on his friend.
"Well, we're up against it," said
Evans with a twinkle In his eye. "I
haven't a cent either."
"What will we do?" asked Bulger;
"the proprietor will surely call the po
lice and we will be arrested."
Consistent with Mr. Belasco's estab
lished policy not to give out in advance
the story or nature of new productions,
nothing is announced concerning "The
Music Master" further than that it
will show Mr. Warfleld in an entirely
novel character, radically different
from any in which he has been seen
heretofore.
Mr. Warfield's first production of
"The Music Master" will take place at
Atlantic City, Monday, September 12.
He will open in New York at the Be
lasco Theater, Monday, September 26.
The title of David Warfleld's new
play is "The Music Master." It is In
three acts, and its author is Charles
Klein, who wrote the same star's pre
vious success, "The Auctioneer."
"The Music Master" went into re
hearsal at the Belasco Theater last
Thursday morning, under the super
vision of Mr. Belasco. Mr. Warfleld's
company will be one of the strongest
to be seen in New York this season.
The cast will include Marie Bates,
Minnie Dupree, Antoinette Walker, Isa
bel Waldron, Sybil Klein, Campbell
Collan, Archie Boyd, William Boag,
Harold Mead, Carrington Tates, J. W.
Benson, H. G. Charlton, Louis Ver
ande, W. G. Ricciardi. Leon Kohlmar
and several others.
Sir Henry Irving promises to appear
in a new role when he makes his fare
well tour of this country next spring.
Probably the last part he will ever
create will be that of "Gran'father
Coquesne," in a little one-act tragedy
built on Cosmos Hamilton's story or
that name in the Smart Set for Sep
tember. Mr. Hamilton, a young Eng
lish author, who has come into sud
den fame, has made the dramatic ver
sion of his story at Sir Henry's re
quest.
• • •
If the past disastrous season has
done nothing else it has at least re
duced these two theatrical impositions
to their proper level. And I make this
statement in all kindness, too, for no
one knows better than I the cease
less toil, the unselfish devotion, the in
domitable perseverance and the
heart-breaking setbacks which many
actresses and some few actors are ex
periencing in their struggle to reach
the top of the ladder and to maintain
their position there.
The stage in America to-day is
stagnant on account of the commer
cial spirit which has been Introduced
into its dealings during the last six
or seven years. No one appreciates
and deplores this fact more than the
actors themselves — and no one —
more's the pity — is so afraid to say
eo. If the actors are under a yoke of
commercial tyranny to-day they have
themselves to blame for it. There was
a time seven years ago, when the
theatrical syndicate was first formed,
that Messrs. Joseph Jefferson, Nat
Goodwin, Richard Mansfield, Francis
Wilson and W. H. Crane, by merely
standing shoulder to shoulder, could
have nipped the scheme in its bud.
To-day, much as any of them private
ly and unofficially may bemoan this
fact, there isn't one of them -who
doesn't Jump when the syndicate pulls
the string. — David Belasco, in Septem
ber Smart Set.
the managers, to be sure, it has been
a bitter experience, but it has taught
them, I think, a much needed lesson.
They realize that the public Is no
longer to be taken In by "flubdub";
the bitter truth has been borne In on
many of us that the dear old public
will no longer swallow buncombe
whole. For four or five years the
country enjoyed a period of exception
al prosperity. The people were more
or less theater mad. Plays good, bad
and indifferent attracted large audi
ences, their managers made money
hand over fist. But with last season
the tide turned.
The first victim and the one that
most richly deserved its fate was tho
badly dramatized novel. The public
absolutely refused to swallow any
more of these crude and Inchoate con
coctions dramatized overnight and lit
erally chucked upon the stage after a
couple of weeks' rehearsals.
The next in line to suffer was the
made to order star — the man or
woman who, after one or two suc
cesses in leading roles, suddenly blos
somed out as a would-be arc light in
the theatrical firmament.
VI. Concert^? evening) : String Quar
tet, op. 27 (Grieg); Cavatine from the
String Quartet, op. 130 (Beethoven):
Canzonetta from Quartet, op. 12 (Men
delssohn); Finale from Quartet, op. 67
(Haydn); Piano Quintet— first time —
(Sgambatl).
IV. Concert: String Quartet, op.
74. No. 19, Harp Quartet (Beethoven):
Andantino from the Quartet op. 1 — first
time — (Svendsen); Scherzo for String
Quartet — first time — <Corsanei;o>; Pi
ano Quartet, op. 25 — first time —
(Brahms).
V. Coricert: Adagio, op. 173. from
the String Quartet— first time — (Lach
ner); Andantino con varlazione from
the Quartet, op. 33 — first time — (God
dard); Piano Trio (Saint Saens):
String Quintet with two violas, op. 29
(Velt). (Known as the Fairy Quin
tet.)
I. Concert: String Quartet No. 13
(Mozart); Ar.dante con varlazlone for
piano and violin, from the Kreutzer
Sonata, op. 47 (Beethoven); Piano
Quintet, op. 5. by request (Slndlnff).
II. Concert: String Qnartet, op. 15.
No. 2 (Beethoven>; Rondo Brilliante.
for piano and violin (Schubert); Piano
Trio, op. 50— first time — (Tschaikow
sky).
III. Concert: String Quartet, ep.
41, No. 1 (Schumann); Sonata for piano
and violin. Senate Cromaticjue — first
time — ffiafr); Fiar.o Quintet, op. 51
(Arensky).
Those who remember the Kopta
chamber music concerts of last season
will be more than pleased to learn that
Mr. Kopta is contemplating another
series for this season. The Kopta con
certs were among the most notable in
local chamber music annals. As an
ensemble leader Mr. Kopta himself is
pre-eminently gifted, and* his associates
were all admirablv chosen. The dis
covery of Mrs. Oscar Mansfeldt, who
takes charge of the piano end of things,
as an ensemble player of exceptional
capacity, was one of the pleasantest
features of the last season. The other
strings, besides the brilliant Kopta
ones, were all equally characteristic.
Character, indeed, tone, individuality,
were evident in unusual proportion in
the work of the quartet, in addition to
large promise of ensemble sympathies
of the strongest. The programmes pur
posed are of the same interesting na
ture as those of last season, and con
tain several novelties. Here they are:
. "But when they get older and sassy
they don't like *hem so well. Hopo I
may dip Jf I get sassy — but perhaps I
am now, and don't know it."
Seriously, as the email philosopher in
front of me, I said: "I'm not sure. But
•'Sometimes," I said.
Martine continued: "All mothers, -I
think, like their children when they're
fresb — new* 1 mean. Don't you think
feO?" * ~A>~ -^
I nodded, for I- dare not speak a
yes. :?z "
"Mamma ¦was bathing me between
every act last night with alcohol. Chil
dren are a- nuisance, aren't they?"
"Ead part*." said the infant Duse.
She perked up her tiny chin and added:
"I don't like comedy. I prefer the
emotional."
. Seriously as I could I asked her:
"What, for example?"
"I like my part in 'Editha's Burglar'
best of all," she decided. "It's a long
part — twelve typewritten sides. And
¦what do you think? I couldn't under
stand It. One night when I was play
ing In the piece I saw a lady with two
little girls In one of the boxes. She was
crying like everything, and the two lit
tle girls were giggling, giggling, gjg
1 gling. Why do you think that was?"
I gave It up and asked if she often
looked at the audience.
Martine sunk the delicate oval of
her cheeks In her hands and said: "No.
I don't, because I get out of my part
If I do. Now, I know that papa and
mamma are to be in the audience to
night. Really, I'm scared to death. I
just know that I am not going to act
¦well. I never do if I think of the audi
ence."
Then Martine told me that her "real
"papa* was a chronic invalid, that her
"real mamir.a" was dead, but that her
Uncle and Aunt Leavy were "just as
"gt»od" and how she loved them.
' *- "Ob. my cold," she sniffed.-?-* •
"Not when I play, of course," she
caid. munching: cozily. "I've been to
school only about two months, but I
know all the big letters and the little
letters— they're beside 'em, and I can
spell eome. Mamma says when I'm
too big for child's parts and too little
for soubrettes I'm going to school."
"What do you like to play best?"
'Tm not hungTy, to-day," eald the
little one. 'Tve a cold, you see. I
don't mind a hard chocolate, though,
thank you."
"How old are you?"
"I shall toe e«ven on October 15," the
child said, daintily lifting out a "hard
chocolate" between her tiny finger and
thumb:
"Do you go to school?"
. .^aby. Martine was there before me.
Fragile as a harebell, flaxen-haired.
Mue-eyed, the tiny maiden stood In the
mftist of us. There were four tall men,
,the wholesome-eyed and hearted aunt,
who mothers llartine, Maggie Francis
Loavy, and myself around her. As
flje put her baby hand out to me —
well, I just wanted to carry her away.
Instead.- 1 pulled out a box of French
rh;xed and tucked my arm around her.
They left Baby Martine and myself
to talk It out. It was entirely evident
that .Martine might walk over the
» hole lot of them if she so wished. She
ran after her aunt to kiss her good-by,
as for a moment Mrs. Leavy stopped to
gossip. She told me how the little
girl will "get her a cup of tea and
toast" as well as she can herself. How
the child will not permit any one else
to sign her checks. How one day there
c&me .a manager to the house to en
gage Martine, and Martine "en
deshabille" apologized that she "did not
look much like an actress, but mamma
had not had time to dress her." and bo
on. .M"artine is six until October.
"Candy?" I said, when they were
gone.
; It was in no spirit of moral reform
that I wandered up to the Central last
Monday evening. It was. In fact, to
baf k in the great, white goodness of
the heroine of "For Her Children's
Sake." Whenever I get to thinking
tha o t my neighbor isn't all he should be
I Co up to the Central. Whenever I
get to doirbtlr.gr the lovely all-through
Istrr.p-black villainy of him I also go
up 'to the Central. For there, to para
phrase—
"When he is good, he Is. very, very
good,
.4r.d when he is bad he is horrid '."
Fo I wont up to see what she did for
her children's sake. On the billboards
she drops v. ith "a sickening thud" from
& 'circus horse. I. hoped to see that.
'And the children, in tlitir little white
nighties, I hoped t» see them. They
cheated us on the sickening thud. The
thudding takes place behind ' scenes.
Instead, you set the lady on a stretch
er. e!1 bluesy from the effects. But the
children were there. Their little white
nighties were there. And the rest,
¦therefore this story is written.
Be it preluded that 1 am no Gerryite.
Quite the contrary, in" fact, My ac
quaintance with the lives of stage chil
dren, from those cf the pantomime
fairies of London's East End to those
of m little Ollie Cooper and Baby Mar
tine at the Central, leads me to entirely
opposite conclusions from those of Mr.
. Better fed. better clad, better
housed, better educated, and. above atl.
better loved than the rest of its class,
I find the stage child. For, not like the
'.two sprites I see dancing: past my win
dow, their white-capped nurse vainly
"trying to keep up v.ith them, tbeir
brands full of poppies, stage children
are mostly of those who may not live
with the flowers. Granted that it is
our deepest Bhame that they may not.
• • • Tet the cry of the chil
dren does not go up from the stage.
The boards are seldom wetted with the
shameful dew of children's tears. In
derd. to Its baby people the stage
Frills joy, romance and material con
tent. The mimelets are the justly en
vied of their baby brethren. They are
the aristocrats of their "set."
Still, occasional abuses occur. What
Baby Martine is compelled to dp at the
Central this week, for example. I won
dered, as the house rocked with laugh
ter, at this sacrifice of a tiny girl's del
icacy, what the child thought of it. I
v . ondered what the scores of other chil
dren in the house thought of It. I won
dered on what grounds the manage
ment explained it. And I went up to
WITH THE PLAYERS AND THE MUSIC FOLK
V THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 21, 1904.
• ¦"••'-..-•• ?
19Isn't selfish then I don't know selfish
ness when I see it, and selfishness is
the unforgivable sin of the calendar.
Engagement cups! What a silly fad!
Why must every sane girl send a cup
and saucer to her betrothed friend?
Why not a soup plate or dinner plate?
—oh, anything that would break that
maddening monotony of cups and sau
cers.
I am reliably informed that one fian
cee has been presented with seventy
cups. Ye gods! Seventy girls walking
up to her coyly and with solemn ad
herence to a fool custom, presenting
her with seventy cups and saucers!
Isn't it a wonder she didn't lose her
balance with, say, the thirtieth or for
tieth, and scream? It seems not un
like a mockery.
Can some one decipher a defense for
the custom? Is there any hidden
poetry or sentiment underlying it? If
not, O maids, try a kitchen or a linen
shower or a glass shower— or any old
thing but the maddening cups and
saucers.
And then — there's th» equally exas
perating medium by which a maid's
popularity Is measured. No cups, no
popularity. Seventy cups! Fine!
It wouldn't be a bad scheme to ap
pend to an engagement announcement
— "Kindly omit cuds." Just as many
do now in funeral notices when they
add, "Kindly omit flowers."
Another California maiden has been
won by a foreign missionary — Mrs.
John Erdman, formerly pretty Marian
Dillingham, a famous belle of Hono
lulu.
The romance had Its inception In the
Isle of Palms, when the Rev. John
Erdman tarried there on his way to
Japan, his chosen field of endeavor.
And when he went he carried beneath
his cassock the heart of pretty Mis3
Dillingham, whose father is one of the
rocate entertainment. Of course there
are to this question the proverbial two
sides— the men's side and the host
esses'. And I must confess my leaning
toward the men's, who claim with
much show of truth that they often
accept invitations to affairs- that bore
them Inexpressibly, arid they would
much prefer to stay home," visit the
club or do some congenial thing.- But
they realize how flat a thing a manless
affair is, and they go — partly through
sympathy and' partly through coward
ice, being afraid of giving offense to
a hostess of power.
, Now, does this poor devil owe yet
more to the sacrificial feast than he
has already given? ',.
Misses Alice and Ethel Hager. have
been visiting Mrs. Joseph Sadoc.Tobin
at Arcadia — the Calistoga ; home of the
Tobins — and a merry time was on.
Mrs.- Joe is j herself a spontaneous
wit, but foiled by the Hagers— Ethel in
particular— there's been a ; continuous
performance on the boards of Arcadia
this week. The Thomas Magees are
also visiting there. v '-'(.
If there's a cleverer - girl • In society
than Ethel Hagcr, then I haven't met
TWO SOCIETY FA VOR
ITES VERY RECENT
LY MARRIED.
mobllist can say to his fellows: "My
machine Is a 'prize winner.' "
Among the squadron of machines
to go down from here are those of
Miss Katherine Dillon, the Sam Buck
bees. Mrs. Miles T. Baird, Mrs. Rus
sell Cool, Miss Grace Spreckels, the
McNears, the Taylors, Percy Pettl
j?rew, George Whlttell, S. T. Lally, the
Edward Dimonds, Joseph Eastland
and John D. Spreckels, all of whom
will buckle on their armor and goggle
fyes and take to the Camlno Real —
which Is nothing more nor less nebul
ous than our old familiar mission
i oad, winding on down through San
Mateo County to San Jose — which in
lhe old days was a pueblo—on into
.San Benito County, deviating but lit
tle from the pathway of the padres to
the old Mission of San Juan Bautista,
thence into Monterey, one of the ter
mini of the old Camino Real, and
where Junipero Serra, the Father of
California, proclaimed his home — and
where to-day he lies sleeping In the
quiet Mission of .San Carlos.
And, by the way, the famous old
mission will come Into unusual
;prominence at this "meet," since the
•"uphill" possibilities of the machines
v.ill be tested upon Carmel Hill,
which slopes down into the lovely
Carmelo Valley — with the mission Its
dominant figure.
From the south fifty machines are
entered for the "gymkhana," which
promises to bring north the society
folk of the southland.
Twill be loads of fun! And de
liciously exciting.
To-day is the day after— the day
after the jinks, high and low. Ah, how
guiltily Pan must have hidden his lute
last night when he heard the sweet
strains of the Bohemians echoing
through the grove, when he suddenly
remembered that he was not invited
and, like a gentleman, withdrew, leav
ing the leafy wocdland to Dr. Shiels,
Ernest Simpson, John McNaught, the
versatile owl, and the rest of them.
What a terrible Jam there" must have
been on the Milky. .Way. last night, for
preparations for her marriage to Mr.
Lansdale of Honolulu. Miss Nichols
will make a brief visit on the Atlantic
side before her wedding, the family
returning here after the St. Louis
sight-seeing.
Miss Gwin, who spent the early
part of the season at San Rafael, has
returned to town and will spend the
few intervening months between now
and her departure for the fair with
Mrs. Inez Shorb White. Miss Gwin,
like many other society maids, ex
pects to spend the winter in New
York.
Mrs. Lord, known to most of us as
Marian Louderback, is taking a lead
ing place in the sports of Ross Valley
and San Rafael. Mrs. Lord is a de
lightful hostess and frequently enter
tains congenial little groups of friends.
Pastori's was the scene of a luncheon
on Wednesday, when Mrs. Lord enter
tained Mrs. William Prentice Morgan,
Mrs. Henry Bothln, Mrs. Louderback
and others. Since her marriage Mrs.
Lord has lived abroad, visiting her pa
rents here annually, save . when her
mother*journeyed to Paris to visit her
instead. Mr. Lord is an artist of
much ability and demonstrated his
good taste by wooing so lovely a maid
as : his wife, who, by the way, has
posed for many of his best pictures.
Can some humanitarian suggest a
way to forcibly prevent foolhardy
"idjits" who visit Yosemite from a-wan
dering in the mountains without a
guide? There's scarcely* a week goes
by that some maddening "I know it
all" doesn't start off on a tramp with
out a guide and at nightfall falls to
report. Then it's everybody's business
to don his overshoes and mitts and go
on a hunt .for the fool who was deter
mined to get lost, shaving been amply
warned. Besides the discomfiture he
causes his rescuers, his possible fate
(which, ought to overtake him as a
warning to other fools) has cast a
damper over everybody.
If this braving and inviting danger
her. Humorous or serious as the mo
ment demands, quick of perception and
ready of wit, she's famously interest
ing — such a blessed relief from the
vapid inanity of some society maids I
know.
Still, if they lack In gray matter, I
suppose it Is not their fault— entirely.
But there are'mongst the bachelors
of town two who neither sacrifice
themselves socially nor are they ac
cused of a lack of reciprocity— Dr.
Harry Tevis and Frank Goad. -Both of
these chaps give superb little suppers —
of course discreetly chaperoned, and
vastly enjoyed by the men and maids
bidden to sup.
Frank Goad Is now at St. Dunstan's,
where he gave a little dinner last week
to six friends.
Yesterday a pretty wedding took
place at the Swedenborgian Church—
an ideal setting for an affair of love
when Mies Beulah George became the
bride of Ashley Faull.
Mrs. Faull is a graduate of Mills
. College and is a valued member of the
Twentieth Century Musical Club.
Mr. Faull Is likewise clever and a
"very likely chap, a graduate of the Uni
versity of Calfornia and a Phi Delta
Theta man.
Miss Dolly Tarpey is commonly ac
knowledged to be one of the most at
tractive equestriennes seen in the park
—of herself a picturesque figure and
her mount a splendid beauty.
But owing to an accident sustained
last week while returning from a can
ter she will be confined to her home for
some weeks. •
Mrs. Kierstedt has decided to spend
several months with her parents, Mr.
and Mrs. McBean, who will winter at
the Richelieu. They, have rented their
Pacific-avenue residence for a year.
Bishop Nichols, Mrs. Nichols and
their daughters, now at San Mateo,
will visit the St. Louis Fair this fall,
after which Miss Mary will > make
every god and his lady love wandered
down within earshot of the gambol of
the Bohemians. And 'tis whispered
that Will Irwin's "pomes" were really
wonders — I haven't heard the reason —
and that Jack Wilson was ravishing in
his "Apollo" lingerie. The. visiting gods
must have felt at home.
Mr. Wilson seems to have a safety
clutch on the pretty robes of the jinks
and he Isn't the only handsome man In
the club — is he? Of course, Mrs. Jack's
opinion, In this case, should be barred.
This morning, even while the church
bells are calling the faithful unto wor
ship, genial Joe Redding will have
pulled from his vest pocket his sacred
music and the lyres of the grove will
have given it voice. And thus will the
words of Bryant flit through the minds
of the erstwhile worshipers— those of
them who have arisen with clear head
and in reminiscent mood —
Wfcjr should we, In our rlrer years,
Neglect our ancient sanctuaries and ador*
Only amoni? the crowds, and under roofs
That our frail hands have raised?
On August 31 at 3 o'clock Miss Anna
Ashe Sperry will be wed to Lieutenant
Clarence Carrigan, U. S. A; The ser
vice will be celebrated at Seven Gables,
Sausalito, the home of the bride's
mother.
'Tis whispered that an exquisite
trousseau awaits the dainty bride,
much of which Is 6aid to be Parisian.
The bride will be attended by Mrs.
John Burke Murphy and Miss Mary
Langhorne.
On the same day, as If Cupid must
be sated with feasts of love" when in
merry mood, Is the Greer : EHlnwood
wedding.
This happy affair— which bodes ill
for the welfare of the merry group of
bachelors once identified with the
""Hutch— will be a home wedding, with
a radiant retinue of attendants.
Among the bridesmaids will i be Miss
Katherine Dillon, whose observations
of the requirements of the nuptial ser
vice will, stand her in good stead, when
a month or two hence she herself will
sugar magnates of Hawaii.
The young people are now in the East
on their nuptial trip, at the end of
which they will sail for the Land of
the Setting Sun.
The "simple life" has captured the
smart set. The possibility of getting
down to naturalness has such a fasci
nation for "civilized folk" that half o£
them are straying off to bungalows In
the wilds for a brief breathing spell
and a chance to get on speaking terms
with themselves and families. A party
including E. W. Hopkins. Mr. and Mrs.
Augustus Taylor, Mr. and Mrs. Will
Taylor, Mr. and Mrs. Fred McNear.
Mr. and Mrs. Latham McMullin and
Mr. and Mrs. Laurance Scott left for
the high Sierras, where they will spend
a week or two roughing it. Mr. Hop
kins has business interests near Boca,
and the bungalow he has built there
will shelter the whole party. And a
merry time they will have!
Among those who have wandered
back to town are the Misses Elizabeth
and Ruth Allen. Miss Mabel Toy, who.
with her mother, is at the Cecil; Miss
Charlotte Moulder and Mra. Fred Kohl,
who, by the way, has taken the Buck
ley home on Pacific avenue during tht
owners' absence In Europe.
The Buckleys are temporarily at the
Baltimore, pending their departure.
Judging from the indications at hand
the social season will be late— very late.
The bookings for the exposition for
next month are astounding:. And there
fore will the fair's gain be our loss.
However, the lateness of a social sea
son is really to be commended, because,
late or early. It lasts until Easter, and
the wear and tear upon women i3 just
so much less. So here's to the late sea
son!
Mrs. Frederick G. Sanborn left this
week for New York and will there
join friends, with whom she ia to sail
for England on August 25. Mrs. San
born will go first to X/ondon and will
be there most of the time until bmt '•*-
turn in December.
be a party of the first part, Lieutenant
Wlnship playing opposite.
With her are Miss Ethel Cooper,
Miss Minnie Nash and Miss Josephine
Loughborough, to be bridesmaids, with
pretty Miss Blakeman as maid of
honor.
» • •
During the week numerous little
affairs were given in honor of the fair
bride-elect, Miss Katherihe Dillon en
tertaining the bridal party at luncheon
and Miss Lucie King giving an in
formal tea in the bride's honor.
Mr. and Mrs. William Palmer Horn,
formerly Miss Grace Martin, have re
turned from the postnuptial trip to
Mendoclno County and are occupying a
cozy apartment on Sacramento . street
Yesterday Miss Edith Findley became
the bride of George Gardiner at the
picturesque little chapel— Christ Church
—In Sausalito.
The winsome bride was attended^y
Mrs. Harold Cloke and Mrs. Frank
Findley and Misses Florence' .Gardiner,
Sallie Maynard and Anna Sperry. •
A reception followed at the home of
the bride's mother, which had; been
made Into a woodland , bower with
blossoms and green things from the
forest. . ¦ '.¦'.
To-day Lieutenant Harold Cloke
leaves for the East, accompanied by
his wife. After a short visit with rela
tives of the lieutenant the pair will
proceed to Fort Totten, New York,
where the young officer will enter the
School of Submarine Defenses."
On Monday night Miss Marie Voor
hies was the hostess at a charming lit
tle theater party, at which her guests
were Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Porter
Bishop, Mr. and Mrs. Henry Foster
Dutton, Captain Young, U. S. A., and
Captain Faison, U. S. A., and Mrs.
Richard C.roxton, who Is here for a
brief visit with her father, General
Constant Williams of Vancouver ; Bar
racks.
The charge has oft been made that
the men of San Francisco do not recip-
"Next week all roads will lead to Del
:>lonte. And let him whose steed has
enveloped bear like instincts of tree
climbing fit the approach of an auto
u ther the backwoods barb to an in
destructible stake on the roadside and
J«rt him enlarge his views of the "Red
Devils" and "White Ghosts," etc —
ufc-n as he had to develop an acquaint
ance with horseless streetcars and bi
<ycles in the days of his youth and
beauty.
It's enough to fill our hearts with
sorrow at the dearth of opportunity
that arrests the growing Intelligence
<f some poor equine rubes — the
horses of Marin County, for instance.
What respect do you suppose the
horses over there can command
among their urbane fellows when the
ruralites jump into a ditch when an
auto comes In sight? Why. those
horses earn the same proportion of
contempt from their fellows as the
girl who jumps at a mouse does to
rt ay. Timidity and lack of familiarity
with up-to-date conditions is repre
hensible In all animals — In horses as
in men. Therefore, dwellers of the by
ways, trot out your steeds for an edu
cation. The school will begin In a
day or two, for on Thursday every
able-bodied auto In the State that
possesses an able-bodied driver is due
at Del Monte — for on that day begins
th« "meet," or the "gymkhana," as the
adaptable French would call it. Don't
you like that name? It has distinction
at least.
From here all the noted mobilists
are going down in their machines;
those coming from greater distances,
however, shipping their cars to Mon
terey, that the mechanisms of motion
will be in good shape to win those
trophies — and the triumphs that go
v.-ith them; for the very ecstacy of hu
inan pride has been achieved when a
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 21, 1901. -*
TOOT TOOT
20Continued on Page 22, Column 4.
Continued on Page 26, Column 6,
Continued on Page 26, Column 1.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
CORVALLIS, Ore., Aug. 20.— At the
bottom of a 150- foot grade, beyond the
summit of the Coast Range, a pile of
scrap Iron, twisted wood and scrap
leather, lies John Moyer*s automobile.
Moyer is a resident of Salem and a
day or two since started on the hitherto
unaccomplished feat of crossing the
Coast Range In a steam wagon, on the
way to Newport, a seaside resort. Just
beyond the summit the road, by means
of a steep and winding grade, descends
500 feet to the little valley below. In
rounding a sharp turn, the chauffeur
allowed the machine to run Into the
bank onthe upper side, threatening to
capsize It.
Violently twisting the crank In the
opposite direction to counteract this,
the automobile received an impetus
which, before It could be checked, car
ried it and the occupants over the lower
side of the grade. The occupants es
caped with but slight injuries, but the
machine, after its trip to level ground,
150 feet below, was In no condition; to
travel and the passengers left it there,
continuing their Journey on foot.
. The Government is said to possess
5000 to 6000 men, of whom about 1200
are regulars and rest undisciplined
men, who are daily deserting to the
insurgents. • The . ' insurgent vessels
have taken . the departments of San
Pablo and Villa Rosarlo, Concepcion"
and others. Families are immigrating
to Asuncion." some aregoirig'to the in
terior and others are bound for. Ar
gentina. It is, said that at the request
of; the diplomatic corps. the insurgents
have ..promised not to further bombard
Asuncion as- long as the . Government
does not attack the insurgent squad
ron, 'c . . .
BUEXOS AYRES, Aug. 20. — Pas
sengers arriving at Formosa from
Asuncion, caDital of Paraguay, say
that the truce between the Paraguayan
Government force and the insurgents
has been . extended for a further
period of forty-eight hours. The re
cent interview between the Govern
ment and the insurgent chiefs was
without results. The latter demand
three portfolios in 'the Ministry, half
the members of both chambers and
the office of Chief of Police. The Gov
ernment concedes the Ministries of
Foreign Affairs and Justice.
Paraguay Government's Keg
ular Army Is Composed
of About 1200 Soldiers
John 3Ioyer and Chauffeur
Narrowly Escape Death
on a Grade in Oregon
The determined nature of the Japan
ese attack upon what is considered an
impregnable position is without pre
cedent In military annals. No Euro
pean power has ventured to show such
disregard for the lives of its soldiers.
True, the allies at Sebastopol lost 12,
000 men In the final assault, but the
Japanese have made repeated attacks
en Port Arthur ¦with equal losses. Mill.
tary experts admit that the Japanese
have pursued the best plan, elnce re
peated .assaults are bound to exhaust
the resistance of a garrison proportion
ally weaker than the same amount of
energy tpread over a long period.
The situation at Liaoyang is creating
comparatively little concern, though it
is admittedly much bound up In the
fate of Port Arthur. The rains In the
north. It is thought, preclude the possi
bility of serious operations in the im
mediate future, while it Is believed that
whatever the Japanese plans may be It
ST. PETERSBURG, Aug. 21. 2:46 a.
nj. — The foreign telegram announcing
that the final assault upon Port Ar
thur was projected for to-day has fur
ther stimulated in all circles the inter
est that has been unflagging for weeks
part concerning the fate of this for
tress. The authorities continue to ex
press confidence in the ability of the
garrison to withstand the assault, but
the/ aver that should the fortreEa be
carried it will be at a cost unequaled
in the history of sieges.
TOKIO. Ang. 20. — The Japanese
troop* occupied Anshanshan yesterday
and the lUissians have retreated
toward Mukden.
TROOPS DESERT
TO INSURGENTS
MACHINE GOES
OVER A CLIFF
ALMA, Aux. 20.— The narrow" gauge
train which left . San j Francisco for
Santa Cruz at 1:15 this afternoon col
lided with broad gauge train No. 1373
on the trestle crossing Los Gatos Creek,
about 5 o'clock this afternoon. The
broad gaufie train was filled with ex
cursionists, mostly women and chil
dren, returning to San Francisco from
the outing. of the St. Agnes parish at
Sunset Park. ¦».'
Many were injured by the impact of
the trains and In the wild stampede
which followed, but fortunately no lives
were lost.
Narrow gauge train No. 16, in charge
of Engineer E. H. Hoyt. Fireman
Drew, Baggageman William Arts and
Conductor- Tom Hunt, left San Fran
cisco this afternoon filled mainly with
delegates to the. conventions at Santa
Cruz. The orders to the crew were to
pass the excursion train at Alma sta
tion. Evidently there was a misunder
standing, the crew of the narrow gauge
train apparently being of " the opinion
that the excursion train was In but one
section, when, in fact, it -was In- two.
The first section was passed safely and
the trains proceeded on their way.
While crossing Los Gatos Creek at
slow ; speed the- crew" of the narrow
gauge train saw the second' section of
the excursion train approaching 1 in the
opposite direction. Whistles were
blown and brakes reversed, but to no
purpose. With a resounding crash the
iron monsters came together. The Jar
was terrific. Men , and women \yere
thrown f roiij their seats arid inside the
two trains pandemonium reigned.'
Above the sound of escaping steam
And the grinding of Iron against iron,
as the engines tore into each other's
vitals, -could be heard the piercing
shrieks of women as they clasped their
frightened children to their breasts.
So great was the force of the collis
ion that each locomotive practically
telescoped the other, and the seats In
the broad-gauge train were torn from
their fastenings. The trains were both
oil burners and the flaming liquid was
thrown about, but fortunately, did not
set fire to the wreck..
As In all disasters of a like nature,
heroes were made In a moment. Men
freely volunteered their services In
helping the injured and carrying them
from tha wreck. The cooler headed
women present looked after their faint
ing sisters or soothed the walls of chil
dren, alarmed at the disastrous end to
their day of pleasure.
Considering the danger to which the
party was exposed, the casualty list
Is very small. Physicians arrived on
the scer.e soon after the crash and
tendered their services to the suffering.
While all on board both trains suffered
severely from the shaking up, those
most seriously injured were as fol
lows:. . - .,,
Hazel Hammond, 1315 Page street,
lacerations of the scalp; Jack Devlin!
618.Baker street, two ribs broken and
internal injuries; Miss Mazane, Central
and Masonic avenues,' cut over light
eye and one rib broken: Michael Burns,
1929 Oak street, bruised; Miss M. Tuite/
274 Hartford street, fracture of bone
In the leg: Mrs. Mary Cradock 1431 De
.visadero street, body bruised; Samuel
McFadden, 1070 Haight street, head in
jured; Hazel Lawson, face cut.
Fathers Slattery and Crowley, who
"A doll was placed In a coffin and
a funeral was held. My mother died
later, but not before she placed in Mrs.
Almarolia's hands certain evidence
which gives me ' absolute r prdof 'as to
my birth."
"My father is a native of Kentucky
and prominent in American public. life.
He and my mother were married sud
denly. Eight months later I was born.
Not long after that I was placed In the
hands of Mary Almarolia, the negress.
Then my father and mother- were di
vorced. .Mrs. Almarolia was told to
rear me If I lived. She knew my father
did not care whether. I lived and never
intended to recognize me. My mother
had Mrs. Almarolia tell my. father that
1 had died.
"Until five years ago," said Alex
ander to-night, "my father. . supposed
that all that was mortal of me rested
beneath a little white etone marked
with a cherub and the name. 'Lewis
Alexander Almarolia.' But the contents
of the coffin beneath that mound are
not human bones but the remnants of
what more than twenty years ago was
a dolLijafi - .„ *r . . . ? -
CALL BUREAU. HOTEL. BARTON.
"WASHINGTON. Aug. 20.— Telling a re
markable story of how he was once
officially burled : and recorded as dead
in the Health Office of the District of
Columbia. Lewis Alexander, a young
New York electrician, to-night declared
that with the documents Inherited from
his foster mother. Mary Almarolia, a
wealthy negress, he -would force -his
real father, a distinguished resident of
Washington, to generously provide for
him. '¦':'.-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Many Persons Injured in Disaster
Caused by Misunderstand-'
ingVof Orders.
W. H. THOMPSON. WHO WAS AT THE THROTTLE OF THE ENGINE HAULING
THE MEMBERS OF ST. AGNES' PARISH. A.VD VI3W SHOWING ENGINES
AFTER THEY HAD CRASHED TOGETHER ON THE TRESTLE.
CLAIMS HE
IS SON OF A
STATESMAN
CIIEEU, Aug. 21, noon.— It is re
ported tliat the Jaitancsc before Port
Arthur Iiave captured Fort 25, one
mile north of Golden HDL The Jap
anese arc not attempting to storm
Lfaoti Promontory. Their right wing
terminates at Pigeon Bay. The Rus
sian garrison of Port Arthur is esti
mated at 23,000 men. covering an
area of twclte miles. A Junk arriving
at Tengcbow from the M iaotao Islands
report* seeing yesterday five Japanese
men of war pursuing two Russian
worship*, type unknown. They were
going in an easterly direction.
HAZEL HAMMO.VD, 1316 Page street, laceration of scalp.
JOHN DEVLIN. CIS Baker street, two ribs broken and internal
injuries. ."
MISS MAZAXE, Central and Masonic avenues, cut over right
eye and one rib broken. • " . •
MICHAEL BURNS. 1929- Oak street; badly bruised, -y-f:
MISS M. TUITE, 274 Hartford street, fracture of a bone in leg.
MRS. MAKY CORADOCK. 1431 DeTlsadero street, body braised.
SAMUEL McFADDEN, 1070" Knight street, head injured.
HAZEL LAWSOX, 144 f Grove street, face cut.
All are of San Francisco.
LIST OF THOSE INJURED IN WRECK.
CHER'. Aug. 21, 10 a. m. — It Is un
derstood that the Japanese plans at
Port Arthur contemplate a three days'
assault. They expect to triumph On
U»e third day. It is Mated that they
have a tuflii-ient force to maintain an
assaulting force of 60,000 men through
out. Four thousand Japanese are rc
l»rted to Iiave landed at Dalny yes
t*Tday. It is alleged that the check
of Saturday docs not jeapordize the
progress of the assault as planned.
CHEFU, Aug. 21, 9 a. m.— A reli
able authority declares that yester
day's (Saturday) attack on Port Ar
thnr was unsuccessful, but continued
la»t night and to-day and will ~o on
for one day more. If the Japanese are
Mill repulsed it is expected that they
will cease direct attacks and attempt
to starve out the garrison by a pro
longed siege and blockade
TOKIO, Aug. 21. — The Japanese
rcoiscrs Shltosc and Tsushima defeat
ed the Russian cruiser Xorifc near
Kbrsakovfck on Saturday and forced
bcr ashore.
A partial list of the Injured: G. E.
Claire., cut and bruised, will recover;
Thereson Kents. actress. Tivoli Thea
ter, badly cut and bruised: Sadie Ken
ny, actress. Tivoli. hands cut and head
bruised; Polly O'Neill, actress. TlvoU,
hip and body badly bruised; John
Johnson, piano player at Tivoli. badly
cut and bruised, serious; Kitty Larson,
actress at Tivoli,' will recover; John
Hammond, injured about body, not se
rious; William- Arno. seriously Injured
about body and internally; William
Lindsay, skull fractured, probably fa-
LAWRENCE F. HOWINSON. fire
man on Northern Pacific, killed in Tiv
oli Theater.
ST. PAUL, Aug. 21, 2:20 a. m.—Prac
tically every building on the north side
of East street Is wrecked. The Habe-
Hurst block at Seventh and Wacota
streets was unroofed and the Economy
Department Store was damaged to the
extent of $20,000. The front wall of the
building, occupied by,Llndeke. Warner
& Son, wholesale furriers, was shat
tered and the stock and fixtures dam
aged to the extent of thousands of dol
lars.
"William Donaldson db Co.'s big depart
ment store in Minneapolis was badly
damaged. The loss Is $300,000. Later
reports from Minneapolis are to the
effect that there was no one killed,
but many were wounded. The known
dead at St. Paul arc:
GEORGE WETOX, killed la Tivoli
Theater.
3IAXY BUILDINGS WRECKED.
ST. PAUL, Aug. 20.— Five are report
ed to be dead, two score are injured
and the property loss Is estimated to
reach two million dollars as the result
of a fierce tornado that swooped down
on the city shortly after 9 o'clock to
njght. The Tivoli Theater was demol
ished, the Empire Theater razed, the
high bridge. ,an immense structure
crossing the Mississippi at a height of
200 feet, was almost totally destroyed,
and 200 buildings are more or less dam
aged. A report at 12 o'clock midnight
is that the House of the Good Shep
herd, a Catholic institution, wris v.reck
ed and twenty-flve injured there.
All communication with outlying
suburbs is cut off and it is Impossible
to say whether or not the damage there
has been as great as was clone in the
city itself.
A report from Minneapolis said that
a flat building: was blown down and
250 persons killed and injured. This
report T.-as later denied. The property
damage at Minneapolis is 3ald to have
been nearly as great as in St. Paui.
The storm was of short duration,
lasting not more than fifteen minutes.
The devastation it wrought was ter
rific. The wind, according to the Gov
ernment Weather Observer, blew eighty
miles an hour, coming from the south
west. Buildings were unroofed and
fronts blown In, the cellars being flood
ed by the rain, which came in great
waves along with the wind. v .'_'
Electric wires were prostrated and
many persons were injured by contact
with electric light and trolley wires.
An excursion steamer towing a barge
on the river below St. Paul is reported
to have been wrecked. Relief parties
In steam launches have been dispatched
to the rescue. It is said that many
lives were lost there. .
Great Buildings Razed and
Immense Bridge Across
Mississippi Demolished.
Sbonld It Fail. Tbey May
. ReliDquisb Attempt to
r -Carry by Storm.
Japanese Are Con
': turning Fierce
Abb dill I.
Five Persons Dead
and Two Score
Injured.
lars Damage in
St Paul.
Port Arthur's
Garrison Still
Holds Out.
DEBRIS
IN WAKE
OF GALE
REPELS
ATTACK
ON FORT
EXCURSION AND REGULAR PASSENGER
TRAINS COLLIDE ON A HIGH TRESTLE
ST. PAUL, Aug. 21, 3. a. m. — Late estimates of the damage done by the tornado that swept this city and Minneapolis last night place it at $5,000,000.
It is believed that the death list will be very large. Many buildings in Minneapolis, as well as in this city, were entirely demolished. All telegraph wires
between St. Paul and Minneapolis are down. '
AWFUL LOSS OF LIFE AND PROPERTY
IN TORNADO-SWEPT MINNESOTA CITIES
roreeast mad* at Sea Traa
ciico fox thirty hours eadin*
midnight. Atvnat ait
Saa rrandico and vicinity—
Pair Snaday; llrht northerly
wind*, chaajrtaf to brisk west
erly, a. Q. KeAOZXL
-
.¦ . • BUtrlct Torecarter.
TKE WSATSEB.
California. — "Th« Man of Mys
tery." 'XattBM to-diy.
Central — 'Tor Her Children's
Sake." Matlaea to-day.
Chutes — VandtvUla.
Fiadter** — M TH* WMrl of tB»
Tows." Mattaee to-day.
Grand — "Held by tha Eacmy."
Matlztte to-day.
Orphetnn — Vaudeville.
TItoU— M THe Toreador."
TXS Til BATBltg.
VOLUME XCVI—NO. 82.
FORTY-EIGHT PAGES— SAN FRANCISCO,, SUNDAY, AUGUST, 21. 1901— PAGES 21 TO 34.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
The San Francisco CallContinued From Page 21, Column 1.
PORT ARTHUR STILL HOLDS OUT
will not be possible to carry them out
in the face of General Kuropatkln's
strong position unless the fall of Port
Arthur releases such a mass of rein
forcements as to completely turn the
numwical Bcale of troops In the north.
CHEFU, Aug. 20.— The steamship
Pechlli, just arrived here, was . over
hauled and boarded by a Japanese de
stroyer and five, torpedo-boats six
miles off Liapshan last night. An offi
cer from the destroyer stayed on board
for forty minutes conversing with the
Japanese Consul to Newchwang, who
was a passenger, for Chefu. The sounds
of firing were so heavy occasionally
that conversation was difficult. The
Japanese explained that they were
shelling the Russian positions with the
utmost vigor, preparing for an assault
to-day toward daybreak. . When, the
Pechili was permitted to proceed on
her course the firing was at its heavi
est, and it was believed to Indicate the
imminence of a general assault.
Ijuin, the Japanese Consul General at
Tientsin, who arrived here to-day on
the Pechill, says that to-day's battle,
which began at daybreak, is directed
against the fortress itself. It Is taking
place along the entire line, and It is Ja
pan's supreme effort, to which the re
cent battles were but preliminary con
tests. He added:
"I firmly believe that you can safely
say that Port Arthur will soon be in
our hands. One after the other of the
outer defenses has been taken by the
Japanese and the latter have completed
their preparations for the grand as
sault General Stoessel was asked to
surrender. He refused. Now comes
the final test.
Chinese who - left Llaoshan Promon
tory at 6 o'clock yesterday afternoon
have arrived here and say the Japanese
have built two . forts at Shushiyen.
They confirm previous reports that the
Russian warships now at Port Arthur
are in comparatively good condition.
They heard nothing of the sinking of a
.Russian gunboat off Llaoshan Promon
tory last Thursday night, v V-V
Final Assault by the Besiegers of
Port Arthur.
ATTACKING THE FORTRESS.
Russia's Floating Dock Destroyed.
LONDON, Aug. 20. — Lloyds' has re
ceived information to the effect that
a floating dock which was on its way
All of the vessels of the Port Ar
thur fleet have now been accounted
for. Admiral Togo's report of the
sinking of a cruiser of the Pallada
type in the Shantung battle proves to
have been erroneous.
Skirmishes Between Outposts.
LIAOYANG, Aug. 20. — Rains are
CHEFU, Aug. 21, 1 a. m. — There are
rumors prevalent that the Chinese res
idents of Chefu are uneasy as * the
result of the alleged degradation of
the local taotai in connection with the
Ryeshitelni incident. Authoritative
circles . declare that the rumors are
unfounded. The Chinese are quiet,
according to the American and Japan
ese Consuls.
Chinese Not Troublesome
• MUKDEN, Aug. 20. — Confirmation
has been received here of the report
that the Russian cruiser Novik has en
tered the harbor of Korsakovsk, Island
of Saghalien, and it is announced that
the Russian cruiser Diana, recently
sighted off Hongkong, has arrived at
Saigon, capital of French Indo-China.
All Vessels of the Port Arthur Fleet
Are Now Accounted For.
TWO RUSSIAN CRUISERS SAFE.
DENVER, Aug. 20. — The City
Council has passed an ordinance mak
ing the use of trading: stamps punish
able by fines of $100 to $300 for each
offense or a jail sentence of from thir
ty to ninety days. The constitution
ality of the act will be contested in
the courts by merchants who use the
stamps.
City Council Makes It a Misdemeanor
to Handle the
Tokens.
ANTI-TRADING STAMP
LAW TASSED IN DENVER
i ST. PETERSBURG, Aug. 20.— The
Emperor has issued a ukase summon
ing to the colors all the reserve officers
throughout the empire.
The defeats which the Russians have
sustained on\y seem to increase Rus
sia's determination to hurry reinforce
ments to the front. The imperial ukase
published this morning, ordering the
mobilization of forty-five additional
districts, calls to the colors the reserves
of about one-tenth of European Rus
sia. Considerably over half the first
class reserves of European Russia have
now been called out, and practically all
the reserves in Siberia.
The Official Messenger to-day an
nounced the mobilization of the re
serves in four districts of the Poltava
government, two in the Kursk govern
ment, two in the Tver government, one
In the Samara government, four In
Saratoff government, two in the Astra
khan governments one in the Ufa gov
ernment, five in the St. Petersburg gov
ernment, three in the Novgorod gov
ernment, three In the Pskov govern
ment, one In the Volhynla government,
seven in the Archangel government and
seven In the Olonetz government.
XOVIK AND DIANA SAFE.
The Admiralty was considerably re
lieved by the receipt of the news of
the arrival of the cruiser Diana at Sai
gon, French Indo-China, and of the
Novik at Karsakovsk, island of Sagha
lien. The Novik is expected to con
tinue her voyage to Vladivostok as soon
as she has coaled. She probably put
into Karsakovsk in order to ascertain
the whereabouts of the Japanese squad
ron.
The report from Chefu that the Rus
sians have driven the Japanese out of
EMPEROR NICHOLAS SATING
FAREWELL, TO TROOPS LEAV
ING FOR THE FRONT.
stopping, the weather is cool, but the
roads are in such a/condition that no
encounter of importance is expected
for a considerable time. The fighting
of the last two days has been limited
to light skirmishes between outposts.
A troop of Cossacks' last night occu
pied -Tanz.iapoudza, a village a couple
of miTes "; southeast" • of Anping,- and
killed or'captured seven Japanese.
The change in the date set for the
departure of the Russian ships (it was
previously announced that the Askold
would be permitted to remain at Shang
hai until next Tuesday) is due to an
intimation from Japan that China was
siding with Russia and that China's re
sponsibility in the matter was serious.
China disclaimed responsibility if Rus
sia failed to observe her neutrality'.
The Japanese Consul General here de
clares that the Grozovol and Askold
are seaworthy and that they have been
gaining time to \ repair to their full
fighting capacity.
were not at once obeyed the Chinese
Government would effect the disarma
ment of the ships and that their crews
would be held in custody until the ter
mination of the war. Permission to re
pair the boilers of the Askold was re
fused. The Taotai contends that the
Askold came into port with two engines
and two sets of boilers in operation,
and that she must leave port In the
same condition.
SHANGHAI, Aug. 20.— The Russian
torpedo-boat destroyer Grozovol has
been ordered to' stop repairing and
either to leave thissharbor at once or to
disarm. The Russian cruiser Askold
must leave here on Monday at noon.
These orders were issued by the Taotal
of '¦• Shanghai. It Is believed In official
circles that both warships will disarm.
The Taotai notified the Russian Con
sul General here that if his orders for
the two vessels to leave port or disarm
ing and Depart.
Russian Warships Must Stop Repair-
ORDERED TO LEAVE SHANGHAI
from St. Petersburg to Llbau for the
use of the Baltic fleet is a total loes,
having broken in two.
All Reserve Officers in Bus
sia Are Summoned to
the Colors.
The selection of Emperor William
and King Edward to be godfathers of
the heir to the Russian throne has
created an excellent Impression and i3
considered to be an especially happy
omen of the future relations between
Russia and Great Britain. Both Prince
Henry of Prussia and Prince Louis of
Battenberg, personal representatives of
their respective sovereigns, are under
stood to be bearers of letters to Em
peror Nicholas. King Edward's delega
tion of Prince Louis of Battenberg to
be his representative is considered to
have special significance in view of the
issues which have arisen between the
two countries over maritime law.* As
chief of the naval Intelligence depart
ment of the British navy, Prince Louis
will be in a position to discuss contro
verted questions with the Emperor.
"I direct you to congratulate In my
name and on behalf of the whole of
Russia the troops, sailors and Inhab
itants of Port Arthur on the successes
gained in the fighting of July 26. 27 and
28. I am fully convinced of their abso
lute readiness to uphold the glory of
our arms by their unbounded bravery.
I warmly thank all.
"May the most high God bless their
heroic deeds, Vhlch entailed so heavy
secriflces, and may He protect the fort
ress of Port Arthur from the attacks of
the enemy. ] NICHOLAS."
FUTURE CZAR'S GODFATHERS.
Private information coming from
Port Arthur by way of Chinese Junks
says that when the Japanese sent In
the flag of 'truce on Friday they con
veyed a message to both the general
commanding the fortress and the ad
miral commanding the squadron.
¦ According to the Admiralty's Infor
mation the battleship Retvlzan was the
most unlucky ship In the harbor be
fore the Bortie of August 10. Out of 133
shells entering the town five struck the
Retvizan, wounding her captain and
three other officers. She was also the
only ship hit when the Japanese fired
over Liaoti Mountain, the 'extreme
southern part of the Kwangtung Pen
insula, during the earlier stages of the
operations.
The Emperor has telegraphed to Lieu
tenant General Stoessel, in command
of the military forces at Port Arthur,
as follows:
SHELLS DAMAGE RETVIZAN.
the positions at Palungchang, whence
they had been bombarding the forts of
Port Arthur, was received with con
siderable gratification at the War
Office, where it > was regarded as
evidence that the defenders are strong
enough to take the offensive when the
occasion demands. For this reason the
War Office Is not inclined to credit the
reports that the Japanese have cap
tured forts No. 3 and No. 4, five miles
northeast of Port Arthur. It is admit
ted that the possession of these forts
would render the situation of the be
siegers desperate.
The War Office has official Informa
tion from the fortress up to August 8,
9 and 10. This report tells of the des
perate character of the Japanese at
tacks, which continued practically
without intermission for ' forty hours.
General Stoessel's report after the as
saults of August 14 and 15 is expected
at any hour.
"At Shanghai, at the beginning of
the war, the Russian gunboat Mand
jur, in defiance of China's neutrality,
remained in the port for weeks after
receiving notice to leave*. Finally, af
ter long negotiations, she consented to
disarmament.
"Again, the Russian cruiser Askold
and the destroyer Grozovol have now
CITES MANDJTR INCIDENT.
**A Russian warship from Port Ar
thur sought in the harbor of Chefu
asylum from attack, which her home
port had ceased to afford her. In
taking that step she was guilty of a
breach of the neutrality of China, as
established by the agreement of the
belligerents, and Japan was fully jus
tified in regarding the harbor of Che
fu as belligerent, so far as the inci
dent In question was concerned. With
the determination oX the incident the
neutrality of the port was revived.
"The action taken by Japan at Che
fu was a direct natural consequence of
Russia's disregard of her engagement,
but it is not alone in this matter, nor
alone in Chefu, that Russia has flag
rantly violated China's neutrality and
ignored her own engagement. Shortly
aft<=r the investment and isolation of
Port Arthur a system of wireless tel
ajrraphy was installed between the be
leaguered fortress and the Russian
consulate at Chefu. The system is
still in operation, notwithstanding the
repeated- protest of the Japanese Gov
ernment.
**In other words, the Japanese Gov
ernment holds that China's neutrality
is imperfect and applicable only to
those places which are not occupied
by the armed forces of either belliger
ent, and Russia cannot escape the
consequences of an unsuccessful war
by moving its army or navy into those
portions of China which by arrange
ment had been made conditionally
neutral.
"The Japanese Government engaged
to respect the neutrality of China out-
Bide of the regions actually involved
in war, provided that Russia made a
Blmilar engagement and carried it cut
in good faith. The Japanese Govern
ment considered that they were pre
cluded by this engagement from occu
pying or making use for warlike pur
poses of any kind of territory or ports
of China outside of the zone which had
been made the theater of war. because
It seemed to them that any such occu
pation would *ipso facto* convert the
places thus occupied and used from
neutral to belligerent territory. It
equally seemed to them that any such
occupation and use of neutral Chinese
territory or ports by the Russian forces
would give effect to the proviso in the
Japanese engagement and justify her
in considering: territory or ports so oc
cupied and used as belligerent.
RUSSIA BREAKS FAITH.
TOKIO. Au«. 20.— The Japanese Gov
ernment to-day save to the press a
statement defining its attitude In the
capture cf the Ryeshitelni and declar
ing: its position on the entire question
of Chinese neutrality, as follows:
"The status of China in the present
struggle is wholly unique. Nearly all
of the military operations are carried
on within her borders. She is not a
party to the conflict, nevertheless her
territories are in part belligerent and
in part neutral. That condition of
things, in the contemplation of interna
tional law, is an anomaly and a con
tradiction. In this case it is a creature
of a special understanding to which
the belligerents have given adhesion,
with a view to limiting the area of
hostilities In the interest of foreign in
tercourse and the general tranquillity
of China.
"The reports of the Japanese and
Russian officers who took part in the
Chefu incident agree that the Rye
shitelni was the aggressor and the first
to commence the hostilities which re
sulted in her capture. This fact would,
the Japanese Government believe, de
prive Russia of any grounds for com
plaint which she might possess if the
lawfulness of the capture were other
wise in doubt. In this respect the
case resembles the case of the Ameri
can privateer General Armstrong and
the British ship The Anne.
"The case of the Ryeshitelni is in
itself of 'trifling importance, but it
involves a principle of paramount im
portance. Experience has shown that
China has taken no adequate steps to
enforce her neutrality laws. If in
these circumstances the Ryeshitelni
could make Chefu a harbor of refuge,
then the great ships of the Russian
navy might do the same and nothing
would prevent those ships from issu
ing forth from their retreat to attack
Japan. The necessity of guarding
against such an eventuality was too
commanding, too overwhelming, to
permit the Ryeshitelni incident to
stand as a precedent. The end of this
incident will not affect in any way for
eign commerce or disturb the general
situation in China, but will merely
serve notice to Russia that she must
keep her engagements in the future."
"It has been suggested in many quar
ters that the present case is compar
able with the case of the Florida,
among others, but the Japanese Gov
ernment draws a clear distinction be
tween the two events. The neutrality
of Brazil was perfect and uncondi
tional and Port Bahia was a long dis
tance from the seat of war, whereas
the neutrality of China is imperfect
and conditional and the port of Chefu
is in close proximity to the zone of
military operations.
' "The statement of the commander
of the Ryeshitelni that h}s ship was
disarmed upon arrival at .Chef u is un
true. The vessel was fully armed and
manned when tisited by Lieutenant
Termshima early on the morning of
August 13; but, in any event, disarm
ament would not fulfill the require
ments of China's neutrality regula
tions, and It was for China, not Rus
sia, to decide.
RUSSIAN'S TII12 AGGRESSORS.
been at Shanghai for more than a
week and still refuse to leave or dis
arm.
"The Japanese Government has no
Intention of disregarding China's neu
trality so long as it is respected by
Russia, but they cannot consent that
Russian warships, as a result of a
broken engagement and a violated
neutrality, shall unchallenged find in
the harbors of China safe refuge from
capture and destruction.
Czar Determined to Send
Heavy Keinforcements
to the Far East.
Tokio Will No Longer Permit Fleeing Eussian War
ships to Violate the Neutrality of China by
Using Her Ports as a Kefuge.
TAPAN EXPLAINS HER ACTION IN INVADING CHEFU
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 21, 190*
22
WILL CONVINCE YOU,
|f|||| There are thousands of persons to-day en-
||||| joying good health simply because they were
£|||i persuaded to try HOSTETTER'S STOMACH
BITTERS when their stomachs were weak and
ipMlMAGHu tt Leir livers and kidneys disordered. Then there
is no logical reason why you should remain
111 5lipi? si °kly an(i delicate. Get a Bottle of the
iH Bitters to-day from your Druggist and give
a c^ ance t° demonstrate its power to cure
H^^^B DIZZINESS, INDIGESTION, DYSPEPSIA,
CONSTIPATION, BILIOUSNESS, KIDNEY
m^^^M COMPLAINTS, RHEUMATISM OR MALARIA.
bM^^^^^ It won't disappoint you, Aged people who re-
quire a tonic will also find the Bitters invalu-
able. Doctors recommend it Here's proof:
Dr. H. Zuelch, Brooklyn, N. Y. t says:
"I suffered a long time from Rheumatism and Stomach ailments and tried over a hundred
medicines without relief. Your Bitters cured me and I heartily endorse it."
Dr. W. J. Berringer. Lake View, la., says:
"Your Bitters is the finest tonic ever put on the market and I never hesitate in recom-
mending it." , ,
THE GENUINE IS SOLD ONLY IN BOTTLES. NEVER IN BULK.
_^_
- ¦ , -.- - ¦ ••
£j^jj3j/-; '_ ". .in..",' _ i , , n^ <tasair^
San Francisco. Sunday, 21 August, 1904.
V/ilClllo JL VJl LJJLvi
dining-room, $1.85
Gracefully designed and neatly finished — in
weathered oak and golden oak. Cane seat chairs of
durable construction, and at a very unusual price.
Pay more if you wish, and make your selection from
the largest line of dining chairs in the city.
(Formerly the California Furniture Co.)
261 Jto 281 Geary St., at Union Square
I B. KATSCHINSKI
| Philadelphia Shoe Co.
I 10 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO
y Adjolnlnff Call Buiiataff. jjj
I SPECIAL SALE PRICES
I THIS WEEK
§5 We give you extra inducements
B to trade with us this week by
j making big reductions of our al-
?| ready low prices. We have the
R biggc-st Shoe business and the
|j lowest rent in this city. That's
H why we undersell all our compet-
fj itors all the time. Here Is a spe-
5 clal leader this we?k: Ladles' reg-
I ular $2.50 and $3.00 Vicl Kid Lace 0
I and Button Shoes, made with light K
I or medium weight soles, neat coin Si
fl toes and patent leather tips, circu- IJ
E lar vamps or straight foxings and H
I ' Cuban or leather French heels. W
This lot Includes several of this F
season's most popular styles. H
Sizes 2»£ to 8. Widths A to EE. ||
GREATLY BSST7CZS PRICE ... H
PAX2 S1.65 gj
I CHILDREN'S SANDALS I
u A dressy novelty, greatly re- Eg
'•« duced. Children's and Misses' Q
g Patent Leather Five-Strap San- i
j dais, made with bright kid quar- H
i ters and circular vamps; neat, fj
j plain coin toes and hand-turned j
j soles. l\
H PKICES LOWES THA3T ETEK: fj
Ml Infants' sizes, 2 to 5 7()C. H
H Children's sizes. 5iA to 8... 1)O«* ft
H Children's sizes, S^j to 11.. SI. I.' §{
M Misses' sh:es 11 »- 3 to 2.«...$l,Su fj
/{ i 04 ci; |
: & A OliDO H
1 BLUGHERETTE TIES 9
t| Wear the newest style at a f
B moderate cost. Ladies' Vicl Kid 1
I m Blucherette Oxfords, made with
| M broad colonial tongues and wide
H silk ribbons, plain coin toes, hand-
j |1 turned soles, circular vamps and
i Q full quarters and high LXV
i B French heels. Has all the style
I gj of a $3.50 Oxford. Sizes 2u to
a 7 J /i. Widths A to E. FKICE
|| THIS WEEK OZriiT S1.O5
I Boys' Extension Soles
Our Boys' Shoes are noted for
their good wearing qualities. On
special sale this week . a Satin ¦
Calfskin Lace Shoe, made with
modern shaped toes and tips, dou-
ble extension soles and full foxed
vamps. Made for wear.
M0NEY-SAVI2CO PSICSS:
Little Gents' and Youths'
sizes. » to 2 05c
Boys' sizes, 2% to 5$i Sl.-O
AT BAR6AIN PRICES
Exceptional values for Men this
I week: Up-to-dati» styles of Tan
or Black Vicl Kid and Patent
Leather Shoes and Oxfords, made
with coin toes and tips, neat ex-
tension edges and Goodyear welted
sewed soles. Many lines bunched
together and sold at FAS LESS
THAJT COST U1.3S
Sires & to 11H. Widths A to
IV* So Not Onaraate* to Till Kail n
Ordaxs on Sal* Shoes. t j
¦ B. KATSCHINSKI 1
j 10 TKTltl) ST.. San TraacUco. IIf you are going to the Exposition, or
anywhere else, you want a trunk or'a
dress suit case; no assortment so great
and no prices so low, for good . traveling
outfits as our Leather Goods Department
Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market st. •
The St. Louis Exposition.
The membership of the Independent
Order of B'nai B'rith will have a
grand reuiiion at Idora Park, Oakland,
next Sunday, the first that' this order
has had in many years. This was ar
ranged at the suggestion of the
younger, members of the order and a
committee of two from each lodge
will have charge of the affair. There
will be dancing and ' .many, games.:
B'nal B'rith Reunion.
¦ Mr. and Mrs. Simon Newman, the
engagement of whose daughter Rose
to Max Blum has \ been announced,
will be at home to their friends at
1356 Post street to-day.
The engagement reception of Miss
.Rebecca Gordan; and Harry Lesser
will be held this afternoon . at J 15 0 7
Devisadero street from 2 to 5 o'clock.
Engagement Receptions To-Day.
The unpretentious charity of an un
known person has brought thankful
ness to the heart of Marie Bourdase
and her mother, who, together with
the younger woman's four children,
live at 26& Oak Grove avenue. Mad
ame Bourdase was the sole support of
her children and. her mother. White
working for the Shasta laundry shs
fell and broke her leg. She was taken
to the City and County Hospital and
the children were left destitute. White
she was in the hospital the stranger
called and left a 55 gold piece "for the
young woman, her mother and chil
dren," but refused to reveal his iden
tity. Thp Bourdases, through The
Call, wish to thank their unknown
benefactor.
Timely Gift Aids Poor Woman.
Great Irrigation works are projected
by the State of Rio Grande do Norte.
in Brazil.
Etta Marion Warren, chief benefici
ary under the will of Bertha Doibeer,
yesterday follov/od the suit of Admin
istrators Gray and Mugan by filing an
answer to the contest begun by Fra
zier M. Doibeer, Jane Ann Brown,
Alice H. Fern and Stephen T. Doibeer,
cousins of John Doibeer, residing In
New York. Mrs. Warren's answer is
identical with the one made by tha
administrators and declares that Miss
Doibeer was of a sound and disposing
mind at the time of making her will
and not subject to duress or influence.
The Boys' and Girls' Aid Society,
which was left $2000 '.a Miss Dolbeer's
will, filed an answer to ih» Schander
contest, denying that Adolph and Ho
ratio Schander and Ivlr3. Joseph L.
Moody, the uncles and aunt of the
girl, are heirs at law. It is again set
forth that Miss Doibeer was compe
tent to make a will. r .?he attorney for
the society is Joseph T. O'Connor.
Miss Warren Replies to Eastern Con
testants nud Aid Society to :
\ Adolph- Schnndcr. ¦
TWO MORE ANSWERS
TO DOLBEER CONTESTS
LONDON, Aug. 20.— Th» King has
honored one of the survivors of th»
great charge of the Light Brijada at
Balaklava by conferring upon him tha
medal for meritorious conduct and the
annuity attached to it.
Sergeant Nunnerley, formerly of the)
Seventeenth Lancers, tha recipient ot
the medal, la over six feet in height,
and, in spite of his years, h» retains a
fine soldierly appearanca.
Balaklava Hero Honored.
J. B. Garland, manager of the
Wholesalers' and Retailers* Review,
secured a warrant from Police Judge
Cabaniss yesterday for the arrest of
R. H. Love on a charge of misdemean
or embezzlement. Love was employed
as a canvasser and collector for the
paper and it is alleged that he has
failed to account for about 5250. The
specific amount alleged in the com
plaint is $4.
Short in His Accounts.
Rabbi Becomes Dancinj? Master.
PARIS, Aug. 20. — The ne^ professor
of dancing engaged for the summer
season at Jioyan Casino was. says the
Royan Argus, formerly a well-known
Jewish rabbi.
Professor Sylva, as he Is styled,, is
really M. Molina, at one time chief rab
bi at Marseilles and afterward at the
synagogue in Paris.
Owing to a series of misfortunes he
left his position, but two years ago.
at a Freemason's lodge, he met Gen
eral Andre, Minister of War, who sym
pathized with his position and ap
pointed him dancing master at tho
Military Cadet School of St. Cyr.
In the summer the school is closed,
and Professor Sylva has now been en
gaged by the manager of tha Royaa
Casino.
Mrs. L. M. Heitman. aged S2 years,
residing yt"'JG Eureka street, died at
rv. quarter-pa5t 12 o'clock yesterday
morning : In the California General
Hospital. Drs. Tetter and Harris cer
tified that death had been caused by
peritonitis following a criminal oper
ation. Mrs. Heitman was admitted
to the hospital on the evening of Au
gust 1C and was operated upon by Drs.
Yetter and Harris. The last named
informed the Coroner that Mrs. Heit
man had admitted to them that she
herself had performed a criminal op
oration. Detective Edward Gibson
was detailed on the case.
Di»>» of Malpractice
The Sir Knights of Tuolumne and
Calaveras counties will make their
headquarters at the Lick House. An
exhibit -of the mineral wealth of the
two counties will be displayed In. the
dining-room.
With the Sir Knights of these two
counties will be those of Pacific Com
mandery No. 3 of Sonora. Among the
members' of this commandery is E.
Keil, who was a past eminent com
mander during the conclave of 1883.
The 3000 miles of rails that lie be
tween this city' and the Atlantic are
humming along their entire length.
Excursion trains,- special trains : arid
The Grand Commandery of Georgia
will . have headquarters in the Palace
Hotel. It has had written a toast to
California, the Knights Templar host,
as a souvenir of the conclave. It is as
follows:
A sonp — a cong for Georgia, her banner bright
¦ unfurled;
Her spindles move in music, her cotton clothes
tho world. n.
In one bright summer harvest her fleecy fields
j • unrolled ¦ . •
Just twice as many millions as once you mined
In cold'.
Don't you hear the v.-agons rumble where the
snowy staple Kleams?
The happy, dark-skinned driver, as h« whistles
to his teams?
Don't you sec our ships steer seaward to lands
where-, commerce calls?
Hear the melody of busy mills that roar. like
waterfalls?
Old Georgia ppeaks, and wooa you to her
beauty and her bloom*.
Where her meadows meet the morning; — hear
the soft sonsr of her looms—
Where the darky hears the banjo, whose light
est tones entrance.
And shakes the shining silver from his pocket
¦ In the dance. v
A song then for old Georgia! Clasp hands with
us to-day;
Our hearts that beat all brotherly — we go
the Union way!
On high hills of endeavor behold our flag un
furled .
For the love of a common country, and the
glory of the world.
FRANK L. STANTON.
.FROM MINING COUNTIES.
Pioneer Hall in San Francisco will be
the headquarters of Sacramento Com
mandery No. 2, under the direction oi
the eminent commander, Edward A.
Weil. Everything has been arranged
for the comfort of the members of Sac
ramento Commandery No. 2, as well as
the outside Sir Knights. A large, airy
reception-room; reading-room, smok
ing-room, lunchroom and concert hall
have been provided, filled with divans
and easy chairs, and open hospitality
will be the order of the day. Medical
attendance will be at the service of the
Knights, a room having been equipped
as an emergency hospital.
The badges for Sacramento Com
mandery No. 2 are gilt and metal or
molu, with burnished enamel in black
and red. A golden horse mounted by a
Sir Knight forms a metal crossbar,
upon which appears "San Francisco,
1904"; ranging from the bar is a Mal
tese cross, upon which is "Sacramento
Commandery No. 2," the whole making
a complete and tasty desfgn.
Sacramento Commandery No. 2 will
arrive by special train on Sunday aft
ernoon, September 4, and will march in
a body direct to its headquarters at
Pioneer. Hall, headed by its own band
of twenty-one pieces. There will be
something doing every day and even-
Ing, and all w iU e made welcome. Pio
neer Hall will resound with the merri
ment of the Sir Knights and their la
dies. .
SACRAMENTO'S QUARTERS.
suggestive of the country's chief pro
duct. The globe rests upon battlements
.made of the rarest specimens of.gold
bearing quartz, and the four towers at
the corners are guarded by mounted
Knights of silver. The entrance gates
are of pure massive gold, signifying
the Golden Gate. The trophy is quite
large and massive, and perhaps the
finest specimen of the goldsmith's art
ever produced. It will elicit admira
tion everywhere.
The Californlans have appropriated a
princely fortune for trophies, in order
to make it worth the while of the best
drill corps In the land to compete. The
original sum set aside for the commit
tee on competitive drill was $15,750.
That was intended to provide trophies
for each of the drill corps that had.en
tered the competition at an early date.
Since then it has been decided to add
to the original amount in order that
each competing drill corps shall receive
a valuable prize, and each commandery
whose drill corps competes will be pre
sented with a handsome stand of col
ors, consisting of a silk beausant and
the national colors. The last prize will
be worth not less than $1000.
The prizes are perhaps the most val
uable ever offered at any competitive
drill. They are made of California ma
terial—gold, silver, bronze and the rich
est gold-bearing quartz. They embody
the highest conception of art and are a
credit to California genius and work
manship. They will , be . given without
distinction, the award to be made by a
commission of officers of the United
States army and the drill masters of
the drill corps. One of the trophies is
especially admired by artists and peo
ple accustomed to see the best'- In that
line. It represents a Knight holding
aloft the laurel wreath of victory and
leaning upon "the 'sword of his order in
repose-
He stands upon a silver globe repre
senting the earth, . upon which Califor
nia stands out in golden prominence,
RICH TROPHIES OFFERED.
Around the edge of the Jousting field
will ne gathered thousands. The trum
pet will signal, as it did of old, and
plumed Knights of the Temple will
march into the amphitheater, headed
by a mounted troupe. They will go
through the evolutions prescribed by
the rites of the Order of the Temple,
rites that are almost as old as the
Round Table.
The drill corps that will compete are
the finest in the country. Among them
are: The De Molay Corps of Louisville,
Ky.; the Malta of Birmingham. N. Y.:
the Ivanhoe of Milwaukee and the St.
Bernard of Chicago.
The California commanderies will not
enter their drill corps, as they are
hosts, but there will be a separate con
test for the California Templars at
some other date.
All that was martial and picturesque
about the tournaments held when God
frey de St. Omar and Hugh de Peyens
guarded the "pilgrims' road" and
lodged in the palace of the L.atin Kings
will be brought to earth again when
the crack drill corps of the Knights
Templar go through their evolutions on
September 7. «
Of course, there will be no crashing
of lances, no clanging of battle axes
on steel helmets, no horses mangled and
no gallant riders. hacked to death. The
world has grown softer and wiser in
these daj-s. But the love of gaudy
color, pageantry and the blare of
brazen trumpets is undiminished. Per
haps it has increased. This desire will
be fully satisfied by the drill of the
Knights of the Temple.
Without the bloodshed the amphi
theater at Golden Gate Park will be a
scene from the days of chivalry. The
spirit of knighthood will be there. The
same natural carpet over which
Launcelot, Sir Launfal and others of
the Round Table rode — the green sward,
will be spread along the amphitheater.
Ladies as fair as Guenlvere and
gentle as Elaine, the Lily Maid of Asto
lot, will sit and encourage their favor
ites. Even as it was in the days when
knighthood was in flower will it be on
that day.
OFFICIAL MEMBERS OP THE SACRAMENTO COMMANDERY XO. 2. KXIGHTS
TEMPLAR. WHICH WILL. COME IN FOUCE FOR THE GRAND CONCLAVE
OF THE ORDER IN THIS CITT .VEXT MONTH.
4*
GARDENER, Mont.. Aug. 20. —
Three trains of the ten Yellowstone
Park specials from, Ohio, Pennsylva
nia and New Jersey, carrying Knights
Templar, arrived here to-day. The
trains here comprise the Toledo Gates
tour, the Pennsylvania Railway tour
of Corinthian Chasseur Commandery
No. 53, Knights Templar; Philadel
phia and the Kadosh Commandery of
Philadelphia. After touring the park
the party will take in Butte and then
proceed to San Francisco, where they
will attend the triennial conclave of
the Knights Templar. The various
parties of tourists will each spend six
days in the park. • ...
trains of every description are rushing
toward San / Francisco carrying Sir
Knights and their ladles to the con
clave. The roadbed of the Southern
Pacific is quaking beneath the weight
of the trains. More than 590 special
cars are en route to the conclave.
The Grand Encampment official
train, which will carry more passen
gers than any of the others, is due at
Yellowstone to-day. Nearly all the
prominent officers of the encampment
are on it. There are in all 128 peo
ple, among whom are Deputy Grand
Master of the United -States General
George M. Moulton and Rev. Henry
"W. Rugg, grand generalissimo of the
Grand Encampment. «
NEW YORK, Aug. 20.— The Financier
says: The features of the official state
ment of the New York Associated
Banks last week was new high records
for specie, cash and deposits, a further
expansion in loans bringing the total to
within $674,800 of the maximum on July
23, and an Increase in the surplus re
serve to within $3,400,475 of the highest,
which was on July 2, 1898. The net cash
gain last week was $1,491,100, or less by
$835,200 than that which was estimated
on the basis of the traceable movement
of money. This discrepancy may be
satisfactorily accounted for, it probably
being due to the system of averages.
The deposits increased 52,438,000, which
was less by $1,736,100 than the sum of
the increase in loans and the net gain
in cash. Therefore the statement does
not balance. The reserve requirements
were augmented $609,500 as the result
of the increase in deposits, deducting
which sum from the net gain in cash
left $881,600 as the increase in the sur
plus reserve to $58,613,075, the highest,
as stated, since July 2, 1898, when it
was $62,013,550.
Computed on the basis of deposits,
less those of $23,378,900 public funds,
the . surplus is $64,457,800. The loans
were expanded by $2,693,000, probably
reflecting syndicate borrowing and also
loans of the proceeds of sterling and
finance bills. The daily average of bank
clearings last week was $186,000,000, or
$21,000,000 more than in the previous
week, . reflecting the increased specula
tion on the Stock Exchange.
New High Records for Specie, Cash
and Deposit, and Expan
sion of Loans.
INCREASE IX AVERAGE
OF BANK CLEARINGS
Talking of the power of money as
yielded by the Standard Oil Company,
the erstwhile copper magnate Bays: "At
no time in the history of the United
States has the power of dollars been
so great. Freedom and equity are con
troll-'l by dollars. The laws which
should preserve ar.d enforce all rights
are made and enforced by dollars. It Is
possible to-day with dollars to steer*
the selections of candidates of both the
parties for the highest office in
our republic, that of President of the
United States, so that the people as
a matter of fact must elect one of the
"steered' candidates."
The most startling: part of Lawson's
nai-rative is that in which he describes
vrhai he calls "audacious deception
l>rati iced upon him l>y Mr. Rogers."
Alter explaining that' he, H. H.
Hugeis ar.d William Rockefeller had
prone into an Amalgamated Copper deal
on \hc: basis cf equal partners, Lawson
describes how his two partners kept all
the information from him and how he
compelled them to pay double the
amount due him according to their own
accounts.
Mr. Lawron adds: "Thirty-six mil
lion dollars for one honest day's labor.
Thirty-six million dollars, and Alaska
cost us but fourteen millions and Spain
relinquished her claims on the Philip
pices for only twenty millions. Thirty
six million dollars, more than a hun
dred times as much as George Wash
ington, Thomas Jefferson and 'Abe'
Lincoln together secured for the pa
triotic labors of their lifetimes."
In beginning the article Mr. Law
son says the Standard Oil Com
pany has tried to have him cease his
attacks on the company by asserting
that it, too, had been "gold
bricked" by Marcus Daly and that it
"was duped as much as any of the thou
sand other victims of Amalgamated
Copper.
IvETW YOSK. Aug. £0.— In the Sep
tember Issue of Everybody's Magazine
Thomas TV. Lawsoa tells how the Stan
dard Oil magnates "made" $36,000,000
¦within a period of twenty-four hours
and quotes Henry H. Rogers as saying
to "William Rockefeller at the conclu
sion of the deal: "William, I feel as
though I had done an honest day'a
labor."
Sped*! Dispatch to The Cmil.
OMAHA, Aug. 20.— All but one of
the State Republican candidates and
State committeemen held a secret
conclave at the party headquarters
to-day, at which a fight over the con
duct of " the ' campaign between the
factions represented by Governor
Mickey and Congressman Burke was
settled. After the meeting Burke an
nounced that since, the Fusion nomi
nation of Berger for Governor there
was a "regular wave of Mickey en
thusiasm." . .
Governor Mickey declared he was
not worrying about the campaign.
"My duty requires," he said, "that
I remain pretty close to my office. No
doubt exists In my mind that Roose
velt will carry the State by more than
40,000, and as the Republicans will all
work in harmony this year the entire
ticket will be elected."
Special Dispatch to -The Call.
Says at Xo Time in History
of the Country Has Power
of Dollars Been So Great
Governor Mickey Predicts a
Plurality of 40,000 in the
State for Mr. Roosevelt
GOLD BRICKED BY DALY
HARMONY IS RESTORED
Golden Gate Park
Will Be Scene
• i
of Historic
Pomp.
Thomas TV. Lawson Tells of
the Deals Carried Out by
Standard Oil Magnates
Nebraska Is Taken Out of
the Doubtful Column by
Kival Leaders
FACTIONS END
THEIR QUARREL
MAKE MILLIONS
IN SINGLE DAY
¦--Templars-- of State
Capital Will
Make Fine
Display.
PLUMED KNIGHTS WILL HOLD
A GORGEOUS TOURNEY HERE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 21, 1904.
23
DR. PIEKCE'S KK3IEDIES.
TIE f SIST LESSON
That the young girl has of womanhood
is not seldom a painful one. She learns
to know what headache means, and back-
*ache, and sometimes is sadly borne down
by this new experience of life.
All the pain and misery which young
girls comrnonlv exrxjrience at sura a
time, may in almost every instance be
entirely pre-
-0jJE3§|k v "vented or cured
Dr. Pierce's Fa-
xc9n&r S^4?fY\ vo "te Prescrip-
" ' ]P§r/./'^€wr^v tioa. It estab-
Ky&^Zi&MLT^ \ lishes regnlar-
S "-%^^^^^ / Vity. It tones up
ytfifiagasls' *< the general
O^^^f J health, and
.ipsSgSjg?^ * -^ cures headache,
JEShsJfT'" \ backache, nerv-
§j£&jrt^7xJ^S& ousness and
wjSjir''*'*' s^ Osl^ otlier conse-
womanly weakness or disease.
"I rccrired yonr letter some time ago. with
advice about yonr wonderful raediciae," writes
Miss Stella Johnson, of 28 Brady Street, Dayton,
Ohio. "I was troubled with severe pains crery
month when I wrote to van for advice. After
receiving yocr letter ana following its dic-
tions, I am now happy to say that aft wire
vcars of untold suffericj I have not had any
pains einee first using your ' Favorite Prescrip-
tion.* I was induced through a friend to write to
%-ou and fallow yonr kind advice. I thank God
and Dr. R. V. Pierce for the htalth I now ee.ioy.
I shall urge other women who suffer as Z did to
. tAe your medicine."
* Favorite Prescription n makes weak
women strong, sick . women welL Ac-
cept no substitute for the medicine
which works wonders for weak women.
Weak and sick women are invited to
consult Dr. Pierce, by letter, free. All
correspondence is held as strictly private
and sacredly confidential. Address Dr.
R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
Free. Dr. Pierce's Common Sense
Medical Adviser is sent free on receipt
cf stamps to pay expense of mailing only.
Send 21 one-cent stamps for the book in
"paper covers, or 31 stamps for the cloth-
bourid volume. Address Dr. R.V. Pierce,
Buffalo. N. V.
I) visit DR. JORDAN'S great A
dQUSEUH OF AHATOMY*
0 && lCil UtiZIfS ST. trt. 6:U7£, S.f.CaL Q
\ C ' Th« Lif«' A nitnirrictl Museum la tfc* \
J\ ,*b- - World, wetknaut or *ajr cnetr*ctc<l n
• ?jr2§v* <*•"»• *»»«««»»-*r *••¦•* by th*olde»t Y
O I £5 £11 t P tc^ lit oa ' be Ccu". £»t. jtjtiti O
0 fe^J CR * «!ORDAH-D'SEASES OF KEN A
_v Jr^r*iY^?l Conwiluaoa free er.d «trl>-t!y prtnte. \
U I li\r II Trwtment peneMJiy «r by lener. A A
ft fy X't [ ] ftttu* Vurt id every case ua&crttkea. \
Anti in Write for Book. pait.o«araT«r A
V • II IV B4KVIASB. MAIULS rXZM. I XT
> U li- nivt** book for an) \
V ca JOBD&S A CO.. 10S1 Mnrtcet St.S. F. Q
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD CEE DA.MIANA BITTERS. THE
Great Mexican Remedy; elves health and
•trecsib to Kraal czxasa. Depot, 823 ilark.es.
ADViroTiSEangyrrs.
I FEMALE DISEASE THAT BAFFLED DOCTORS]
lllPllflB i * KB ~ na \
States.
f "-"¦" ~ ~~- •****+ x
]i Mrs. Annie Harpole. 401 Hoyt Street, Portland, Ore., State Secretary <
,; Daughters of Liberty, writes: <]
!; "For over eight years i suffered with intense pains in the abdomen and pelvic j
j; organs. Through a neglected cold I contracted a severe catarrh which went ]
]| through my system and finally settled in the bladder, causing great pain. My \
] husband spent hundreds of dollars on doctors' and medicines without obtaining re- ]
;! lief for me. I finally decided that I would try Peruna, as a friend recommended it \
| ! so highly, I am pleased to say that relief came to me shortly after I began taking \
| it and at the end of three months I was in perfect health. I also took Perana !
; before and after my baby came, and quick fy restored my health and strength." !
J; MRS. ANNIE HARPOLE. ! ;
There are so many women, especially Life Was a Burden Until Miss Harris
married women, who drag themselves Tried Pc-runa.
wearily around from year to year with-
out any particular disease, and yet, mis- JIIss Annette Harris, 83 Catalpa Place.
erable beyond description. They ache. Chicago. 111., member TVest Side Ladies*
and tremble, and throb, growing more Bowling Club, writes:
nervous, tired and debilitated every day. f>™ th f' \ nave regained my health
Peruna qures catarrh wherever seated. a " d strength I am only too S lad to tell
Not having any stimulating effect, but. what cured mc - 1 was a sufferer for
containing nourishment with every drop, years, and although I tried many doctors
Peruna cannot help but cure. a^ medicines, nothing: seemed to hit my
Single women all over the United ca f- "f 11 1 I l . t0 ? k . P " una - and v th! i l wa3
States and women who are made happy only after life had become a burden to
mothers add their testimony to the thou- me and I was unable to stand on my
sands that come in every day. feet for any length of time After tak-
Study your case, and when you have one bottle I felt much improved. I
read these certificates you will find that ke Pt on takin S !t unt » I ha <* tak «n nina
Peruna will help, and not only help, but bottles and then considered myself cured.
I can now do my work with ez.se, can
PSS doe, not claim , to cure every J^c as well « 1 -J-ouW^^ at
11 under the s n. but over '"t^e.™ th whll befor9 ,
I Pe-ru-na J distinction for it of be- could not sleep longer than an hour at a
I is a Success. I ins the most marvel- time. I am thankful to Peruna for my
f i ous cure for catarrhal health." — Miss Annette- Harris,
affections extant. Scientists and physi- If do not derlve prompt and satla-
0 ! results from the us^of Peruna.
success writo at once to Dr. Hartman. giving a
It seems strange that as well known full statement of your case, and he will
and well established as these facts are De pleased to give you his valuable ad-
that anyone should neglect to profit by vlce srat is.
th lTl' correspondence held strictly confl- Address Dr. Hartman President of The
dential. Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus. Ohio.
9H^|^|Drder Your Suit Here
||p^^fe And We Will Save You
f^^^^m At> Least One -Third
V ; Our cIoth is bou g ht direct from the milIs: were
j^^^^^Kf we tailors alone we would be compelled like all other
tailors to buy the cloth from jobbers.
JiiHi e bu y cloth from the mills at the same
j^^^^p SIlP* P™ ce e jobber has to pay them. The jobber of
§Bg^t-'\ • § ' course makes his profit, when he sells the goods to
¦ wPpr • the tailor. The mills give us this privilege because
]^^BP IB!^jja*^' we k uv in large quantities for our immense estab-
fl^H^^pv lishment in New York, where we make ready-to-
wear clothes. There is no other tailor on this Coast
mB^WBtm^ who can buy a yard of cloth direct f rom m^ ls w^ ere
Blip Wm^ elimination of the jobber's profit enables
SHr fiili us to save you at * east P er cent * ur * mmense
gglSf flll^ volume of business allows us to save you 10 per cent
iBr ISp more. In buying a suit here you pay at least one-
IBI r d less than you can possibly secure the same
=^^^^-^--^^^^^^b e w '" ma k e y° u a su^ *° orc ' er fr° m 510 to
—- l -^^&> $35 an( j save y 0Ll f rom $> to $10 on vour purchase.
Sketched from life ,f,- .'J".-
Mailorders "1 & N-W^Oft &fO- I Special
Out-of-town customers should VJ / ? \ f \Jr\JBJr-i9 \JJ For Monday end Tuesday Only—
.gt^r^.S^.^1 TMM-rt-rpjjyyg corner | %£ -gScg^ : "^ *"Thf day has been spent in gathering
up the merchandise taken from the
burning buildings and from the threat
ened ones. Hundreds of visitors have
been coming In from every quarter
and the town is crowded with sight
seers. - .¦'¦%"•: V:
Want Hall Holiday Saturday.
The clerks and employes of the city
government ,afe circulating petitions
for. the submission of charter amend
ments giving them a half holiday, on
Saturdays -and fifteen days vacation
each year.
Heirs Will Appeal.
The three children of Henry Hol
land Grldley of Holyoke, Mass.. the
half r bfother of Cecilia Smith, de
ceased, have given notice of their in
tention to appeal * to the * Superior
Court from the decree of Judge Coffey
distributing her. estate. ,In her will
Cecilia Smith left; $500 .to : Ella Ker
rigan. $500 and, all .of. her. personal
property, consisting , of Jewelry and
household goods, to \. Lilly. Smith, and
the residue to be share'd equally by the
children" of .her half-brother.. Miss
Smith's share amounted to $3077 07
and the remainder to $6073."
"We are selling agents for "Waterman's
Ideal Fountain Pen" and sole agents for
"The Marshall." the best $1 pen in the
world. Department, Sanborn.
Vail &CO..74 lilarket.se •.
TWO HUNDRED VIEWS.
The Most AVonderful Scenery in tho
>~M r'l : '- : '.' :. World.
An illustrated lecture, admission com
plimentary to ladies and gentlemen, will
bo given by Mr. Fred W. Trince, ". City
Agent of the Santa Fe Railway
at the Y. M. Cy A. Auditorium. Tuesday
evening. August -23. at 8 o'clock.'
. The audience will be taken to the
World's Fair and return, in pictures
over the route to be taken by the Y m'
C- A; World's Fair • excursion, which
Reaves San Francisco on September 8
Particulars at Santa Fe office or at the
Association building. • -
Scheme Is Devised to Secure Greater
Measure of Publicity for Ad
: vantages of California.
The California State Board of Trade
has decided to Interview as many of
the visitors, to the rooms of the board
as possible, who come from abroad, to
get from them expressions of their
opinion of California. • At the same
time they will secure the names of the
home papers of the parties who are
rnterviewed and" will then write an ar
ticle 3 for each . of : the papers wherein
will be quoted the statements that
are made in the interviews. This will
be in the nature of informing the peo
ple of hundreds of localities what their
fellow townsmen have seen in this
State. • ¦¦ • • - • -
The State Board of Trade has also
asked all the commercial organiza
tions in California to get statements
from ! people who are visiting this
State and to send such statements
either to the California State Board of
Trade or to the newspaper in the town
or city where the live." This
will form an endless chain and will
result in having thousands of news
papers throughout "the United States
and other countries * publish articles
descriptive of Calif ornrn.
STATE BOARD OF -TRADE
TO INTERVIEW VISITORS
State Normal School Has Largest Class
In Its History and No More
Will Be Received. /
According to the report of the pres
ident of the San Francisco State Nor
mal School, the largest class in its
history has just been admitted and It
is necessary to refuse admittance .for
the. present to any further applicants.
The enrollment of normal students is
now 136. It will probably be possible
to admit a small number at the open-
Ing of the second term In the begin
ning of October. Of the new students
about one-fifth come from San Fran
cisco high schools and the remainder
from the accredited high schools as
far south as Santa Barbara and as
far north as Marysville.-^
In addition to the normal students,
about 300 pupils have been enrolled
in the primary and grammar depart
ments, taking advantage of the smaller
classes and' greater personal attention
which can be given them.
. The report also ; shows that every
graduate of the school available for
teaching has already been secured and
the management is now obliged to re
fuse applications for teachers. Since
the close of the school last May, fifty
three teachers' positions have been fill
ed by graduates of the schools as fol
lows: ... ......
- San Francisco — Slqna Bonnevilie,
Lillian Clarkson, Marie . Donahue,
Clara Doolan, Cecilia Harnett, Grace
KJIpatrlck, Emily Neppert, Elolse No
lan, ' Dora Savage; Oakland, Gertrude
Lane, Carolyn Dlnsmore; Benicia,
Mary Reeng, Charlotte Branch; Los
Angeles, Pearl '. Canhell :'. Pomona, Ella
Hawley; Ventura, Shirley Shepard;
Santa Margarita, Eva Swan; Guerne
vllle, Anna Harter; Sebastopol, Jamel-
Ia Peugh, Harriet Smith; .Petaluma,
Eva Gibson; Novato, Henrietta Mqore;
Belvedere.Ethel Engebretsen; San An
selmo, Eleanor . Tierney;- Sausalito,
Martha Smith; Stege, Florence Molo
so; Alameda, Clara Reid, Alice Hous
ton; Livermore, Agnes Carroll; Fruit
vale, Ida Huck; Oakdale, Emma
Banks; Alameda County, Marie Oliver,
Ellen Ramage, Louise Prout, Margaret
Croak,. Frances Martin; Napa County,
Eniilie Ehlers; Ma'rin County, Mary
McIsaacs, N Alice Corbett, Josephine
Dougherty, Anna GafTney; Sacramento
County, Margaret Strachan, Edna
Grant; Sonoma County, Edith" Sar
gent, Elma, Anderson, Bertha Wilson;
Mariposa County, Helen Hoflhghqff;
Sclano County, Alice Prole; Mendocino*
County, Belle Smith; San Mateo, Ethel
Vincent; Tulare County. Lillian Cross;
Kern County, Celsa Carnall. .
BY PAUL EDWARDS.
CALL BUREAU. PRESS BUILDING,
WORLD'S FAIR, ST. LOUIS, Aug. 20.—
California music composition is having
an inning at tne San Francisco build
ing, where an exquisitely toned piano
with an automatic playing attachment
is pouring into the public ear melody
from three folios of the best efforts of
Golden State musicians. The folios were
prepared and sent here:. by Byron
Mauzy. They contain both vocal and
instrumental selections. Among the no
table pieces in the collection are "Ghost
Dance of the Zunl Indians," "Zunl Cra
dle Song" and "Lovers Wooing," trans
lated by Professor Carlos Troyer. The
"Ghost Dance" had already been played
by an exposition band and was well
received. These Indian compilations
have an originality and oddity about
them that bring more than passing at
tention from musical people. The two
songs named have been sung success
fully by Denis O'Sulllvan and David
Bispham. Edgar Stlllman Kelly's El
Dorado suite and his "Macbeth" music,
the ballads of Major Darling and bits
from the operatic efforts of Emil Bru
guiere and Dr. H. J, Stewart are among
the many pleasing compositions in the
collection. . /I !'¦••• •*
The folios are a valuable addition to
the varied exhibit in the San Francisco
building, which now covers a range
from wharf building and hay to Batten
berg and music and song, and gives
the visitor an insight Into both the com
mercial and the art life of the inter
esting metropolis of the West.
SAN FRANCISCO EXHIBIT.
San Francisco has a great advantage
on the -model street, 'for. other cities
show little besides street-cleaning ap
paratus and other municipal " utilities,
which are entertaining to city officials
and contractors, bu^ do not draw nor
hold the public, and are not especially
attractive to women.: The' commercial
exhibit is properly given the most
prominent, place In the San Francisco
structure, but there are other things
strewn around to attract a public that
will not go very far to view a commer
cial exhibit only. , ...
A wealthy and refined class finds its
way to the San Francisco building, and
while there are sqme things aboutthe
structure^and display that are neces
sarily crude because of the adverse
conditions under which the work was
carried on, • these visitors find enough
that is pleasing to cause them to : call
again and to send their friends around.
Monterey County has sent to the
California display in the Educational
building a collection of shells that is
the delight of the children and an ob
ject of interested inspection - by the
scientists in ! the structure. The shells
were gathered by the children of the
Monterey schools on the beautiful
ocean front at that place. -
COLLECTION OF SHELLS.
There is an unusually. largecollectlon
of sea. urchins, always interesting to
the wise men. of the pedagogic world.
The shells are all noticeable for their
size ana perfection. 1 . In this region, far
from ; the beat; of the ocean 'surge, sea
shells are far more interesting objects
than they are on the coasts, where their
commonness makes them objects of lit
tle moment. The Monterey collection
is to be presented to the .St. . Louis
School Department after, the fair. -
A reception to the heads of the State
and foreign exhibits in ,the Palace ' of
Education was . given at the California
Pavilion In that bulldins*.-.Some,of the
be3t known educators from . centers'cf
learning, were present and they -not
only expresed admiration for Calif or-
ACCOMMODATIONS NOT EQUAJJ
TO DEMAND FOR ADMITTANCE
Melodies of Poor Lo, Writ
ten \ by Calif ornians, Give.
Public a Musical Treat
INDIAN TUNES
AT EXPOSITION
nia's standard arid methods, but many
of.the'm took notes, saying they, sur
passed their 'own< in some ways. One
principal of a Massachusetts school ad
milled.that. the.Sta.te'a educational sys
tem was outdone in some, ways by Cal
ifornia. Robert Furlong,, in charge of
the California 'exhibit; delivered an ad :
dress in which he explained some of the
California methods, dwelling . particu
larly; on new ones that. had been pro
ductive of good results. He was given
the closest attention by the assembled
educators. . .. . ~ -; /
Charges Against Policeman.
W. H. Rehfeld, a saloon-keeper arwS
outfitter on Greenwich, street, near thm
Presidio, filed charges with tha Police
Commissioners yesterday against Po
liceman T. F. Reagan. Rehfeld yn*
Arrested by Reagan on July 21 on
charges of resisting an officer and In
terfering with an officer. Both charges
were dismissed by Police Judge Fritz.
A' bootblack had placed a stand In
front of Rehf eld's place and Reagan
objected. Rehfeld told tha bootblack
not to remove It and explained to Rea
gan that It would be carried Into bis
place at nights. An argument follow
ed and Rehfeld was arrested. Reagan
13 a son of Police Commissioner Rea
gan and was appointed a member of
the force on April 12 last.
VICTORIA. B. C, Aug. 20.—Danger
ous forest fires are raging in tha woods
along the eastern side of Vancouver
Island. A mile of telegraph line has
been burned out and passage along tha
h>ads is rendered exceedingly^ danger
ous by the proximity of the flames. Tha
town of South Wellington Is said to be
threatened with destruction, as It Is
closely surrounded with thick woods,
which ar» on flre fn many parts.:. .
Nearer Victoria the fires ara making
great havoc in tha »tandlns timber.
Across the straits near Port Angola*.
Wash., an enormous tract of forast Is
ablaze and it seems to ba spreading
rapidly.
Woods in the Vicinity of
Port Aiigeles Ablaze and
Conflagration Is Spreading
GEEAT DAMAGE IS DONE
The public library idea is spreading
to the ends of the world! It was no or
dinary occasion when" on April 5 a con
ference if librarians and those interest
ed in the libraries of South Africa was
held at Johannesburg. A large number
of 'delegates were present from the li
braries of Cape Colony, Natal, Trans
vaal, Rhodesia and the Orange River
Colony. The proceedings of the confer
ence show that in- Cape Colony .there
are now 100 public libraries, the largest,
at Cape Town, having over 100,000 vol
umes. Natal, Durban and Pietermarltz
burg each have libraries of 14,000 books,
besides reporting many smaller ones.
The support of the libraries conies
chiefly from subscriptions, yet- it is a
noteworthy fact that almost every mu
nicipality makes liberal yearly appro
priations. ' ¦
Another proof of universal Interest
felt In general education through libra
ries is afforded by the establishment of
a public library in the native settlement
at Papawal, sixty miles from Welling
ton,. N. Z. This movement was started
entirely by the Maoris to carry out the
plan of a deceased j chief for the im
provement of the district. A large room
in the village assembly hall-has been
assigned to the library, the Government
has been asked for a grant of money
and it Is said that Andrew 'Carnegie
will be appealed to for a building.
The Carnegie gifts reported for the
month of June were six in .number and
amounted to $70,000. Moscow, Idaho,
was one of the six,- receiving the offer
of $10,000. • * •
To Canadian cities Mr. Carnegie has
thus far. given funds for thirty-five li
brary buildings, to cost in the aggre
gate $1,330,000. * The largest donation
was made to Toronto, $350,000.
Grand Haven, Mich., received a be
quest of $10,000 by the will of. the late
Webster Batcheller of San Francisco
to aid in the erection of a public library
building. ....
The Maiden, Mass., public library has
the good : fortune to be the beneficiary
under the will of Elisha D. Converse
for the sum of $150,000.
Mount Holyoke College, South Had
ley, Mass., the pioneer college for wom
en in New England, was able on com
mencement day, June 22, to announce
that $50,000 had been pledged \ for the
new library- This assures the condi
tional offer of Mr. Carnegie for $50,000
toward a' $100,000 library building.
Manchester, Vt., was presented In 1897
.with a library building, furnished and
equipped with 10,000 volumes, by Mrs.
Frances Skinner Willing of Chicago in
memory of her father,. Judge Mark
Skinner, .Mrs^JWilling's late .gift. to this
library, is In the form of a bequest of
$40,000 for the endowment of the li
brary. -•
BERKELEY'S IXCREASE.
So rapid has been the Increase in the
circulation" or tne :Berkeley-Publlc Ll* v
brary..: during the ilast year that- the
trustees ha\ r e found It necessary to ask
for. an appropriation of 10 cents on the
$100 for the next year. . •
The~ contract' for the Carnegie bulld-^
lng^In Chlco has been let- to W. "W. An-,
derson of San Francisco for $10,482.
In Stockton the Hazleton library has
recently spent $1500 lor rubber matting
and for ; thorpugh ; renovation of the
walls and equipment. -.. - , -....
To the Oakland, public library has
come a valued gift of 700 volumes
from- Mrs. A. M. Esterle to be placed
in the Alden reading-room. The -dona
tion is made as a. memorial to her
young, nephew.' This library has had
a prosperous year. It has been dis
tinguished by a remarkably large gen
eral circulation of books and maga
zines, by a notable. decrease in the use
of fiction and corres'pondlng Increase
in the use of juvenile and other books
and by the Instant success attending
the opening of the children's room in
January. Four thousand volumes
have. been added to the library. No
other library in the State has been so
frequently remembered of late by
loans and gifts of pictures and paint
ings and the- foundation has been laid
for an excellent art collection.
Santa Cruz public library, so re
cently showered with gifts when tak
ing possession of their new building,
has Just received a present from- the
Eagles of Santa Cruz. This gift takes
the form of a highly polished oak\
magazine rack, with thirty-six draw
ers for holding magazines. On a sli
ver plate is engraved the Eagles' em
blem and the following: "Presented
to the Public Library by Santa Cruz
Aerie No. .460, . Fraternal Order . of
Eagles." .. ¦ ' .
Mrs. Alice G. Whitbeck of the cata
loguing department of .the Mechanics'
['Institute has been elected to the po
sition of librarian of the juvenile de
partment of the Berkeley' library. Mrs.
"Whltbeck brings to .this post the
training acquired by a course in the
Albany Library School", supplemented
by an extensive -study -of-- children's
rooms in various libraries of the East.
SACRAMENTO THRIVING, "j '
A survey of the work .of the Sacra
mento public library shows great in
crease of patronage during the last
twelve months. Additional space for
book, stacks and for the public ac
commodation is urgently , needed. It
is proposed to utilize that portion of
the lot which is in the rear of the ex
istinff structure by an. addition for a
children's and a reference "room. The
receipts from the annual - tax have
been $11,399 and the expenditures
$10,921.
In Redwood City the question of a
site for the Carnegie building has been
happily solved by the trustees of the
Sequoia Union High School district.
They have made a deed of a lot sit
uated east of the new school building
to the city, without charge. I
Less than six months ago the
Woman's Club of Salem, On, started a
public library in the. Council chamber.
There are now 640 volumes on the
shelves. The care of the library • is
daily assumed by volunteers from the
club. ;v. ;;'. '.
Miss Mary .Frances Isom, the ef
ficient libf£rfah>'Of the Portland. Or..
public library has been seriously 111
with typhoid fever. ,'¦ She .Is now at
Hood River and is; reported to-be rap-
Idly gaining In strength,, hoping to re
sume her duties September 1.
Need of theoretical and - practical
Instruction in library work caused the
Seattle' public library to establish a
training class for the "thorough train-
Ing of its, own : attendants. The class
will not exceed six in number, will be
maintained six months and has for a
requisite a high school education or
its equivalent. ' ,
Springfield, 111., recently opened $ts
library -building, for which Mr. Car
negie contributed > $75,000. • It appro
priately bears the name of the Lin
coln Public Library.
, One of the class in the new appren
tice course opened by the library of
Columbia University, N. T., is Miss
Susan* T. Smith, recently librarian of
the State Normal School at Chlco, Cal.
Whlle\*the public . library must of
necessity be an "all-round" library,
ministering to the varied wants of. a
community, it is gratifying to note
that an increasing number of libraries
are being established for special pur
poses. . Of such may be noted the. ex
pected building and endowment by
Archer M. Huntlfigtony son of tha lJte
C. P. Huntlngton,-. of a library to be
devoted almost exclusively to col
lections of ancient.arid modern Span
,^h literature. *'ii[K Huiatlcgton is an
enthusiast" on the subject of Spanish
literature,- history, art and archaeol
ogy and has accumulated a collection
of Spanish and Portuguese works,
manuscripts -and coins valued at over
a.mlllion. dollars.. The buiidfrig will be
•erected In New Terk and Its valuable
contents will be available to all stu
dents and investigators in Spanish and
kindled languages. : -
Ahother- 'example 'of * sbecialization
of .-libraries Is furnished in the applied
science reference room to be opened
in the library, of the Pratt-Institute,
Brooklyn. This room will be sup
plied with current periodicals, bound
files of periodicals and all- needful
works upon -the various lines of ap
plied science. ... The curator has had
special training, in engineering and
also in .practical library work.
• At Santa Cruz on September 3 to 5
the Library Association of California
will hold . its first . monthly meeting
of -this season. "Essentials and Non-
Essentials In Library Work" will be
the subject of the papers to be read
by librarians and' library- trustees.
Plames Destroy Valuable
Timber Land and Threaten
Town of South Wellington
FOREST FIRES
IN VANCOUVER
South-African Conference Shows That One Hundred
Public Repositories Are Thriving in That Coun
try—Notes of progress in the United States
LIBRARIES EXTENDING
TO FAR DISTANT LANDS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALt; SUNDAY, AUGUST 21. ; 190*.
(1 SO per dozen — floe photoe at Lents' a studio,
016 Market etrtet, Columbian building. •
. MARTINEZ. Aug. 20. — Confusion
reigns here to-day as a result of last
night's destructive fire. A canvass of
the situation reveals the fact that the
actual loss to the business men will
be very heavy owing to the light insur
ance carried. The following is a list'
of the losses and the amount of in
eurance carried by the flre victims.
McXamara & V/lnkelman, butchers,
$6500. insurance $1250; A. P. Nelson,
shoe store. $6000, insurance $2000;
M. L. BSess. saloon. $4500. insurance
none; C. C. Gill, butcher, $2000, In
surance $500: J. W. Douglas. 6tatloner,
? 2000, insurance $700; Martinez Hotel,
$5000; Bank of Martinez. $10,000. in
surance $1000; John Ipswich, hotel,
$2000. Insurance $1000; M. Bergamini,
CTocer, $3500, insurance $1700; Mc-
Mahon Brothers, grocers, $7000, in
surance $2000; C. C. Swain, real es
tate, $200; E. Morgan, hardware,
$5000, insurance $2250; Mrs. S. Ran
4in, buildings, $10,000, Insurance
Few Victims of the Confla
gration Carried 3Iuch In
surance on Their Property
MARTINEZ FIRE
LOSSES HEAVY
J36OO; J. W. Johnson, bull dins. $3000.
Insurance SI 500; Curry & Jones, livery
stable and opera-house, $10,000, in
surance $3000; Sunset Telephone
Company, $600: J. W. Oltman, box
factory, $3000, insurante $1000; Mrs.
F. Smith, household ' poods,- $300, no
insurance; John Dahlstrom, $5000, no
Insurance; M. Lawless, residence,
$3000, insurance $1500; W." G. 'Reed,
candy store, $500, no -Insurance;
damage to building?. $3500.
The members of the Martinet Fire
Department fought the fierce flames
under wet blankets. No set of men
could have fought more effectively
with the appliances at hand. The
members of the Benicia Fire Company
rendered valuable assistance, as did
also the firemen of Concord and Port
Costa. Farmers from several miles
around came to the rescue and strug
gled with the hundreds of townspeople
to save goods and property.
Brick buildings will replace the
wooden ones destroyed In as short a
time as possible.
The Bank of Martinez opened for
business this morning In the A. E.
Blum building and C. C. Gill and Mc-
Xatnara & Winkelman found vacant
rooms In which to resume business.
24
ADVERTISOIEyTS.
Boxss §¦ iffiftf
Rheumatism
fililjl Cured by a
/^^M New Remedy.
tiff- icM i'U Z^&S For rheumatism.
that hc ""rible plapue.
I i§K52kS&:H BS* l discovered a harm-
W&v3f^A W*s loss and In
¦ BWli' > if i '-'i m- A or(ler that every suf-
BSHvOwv-n ferlr >5 reader" may;
' a&l\^4 'earn about it I will
¦&5ujygg£a erliidly mail him a
' " '-' oox free - This won-
derful remedy, ¦which ;
ripfarmlir of tin. l -'discovered by a;
Chronii- Articular .^ as cu J cd * n rfan^
Mftnaatisni. ; of 30-^and
¦ •¦ :- ¦ 40 . years' standing:.
. among them persons
of upwards of 86 years of age. No- mat-
ter what your form of rheumatism is.
this , remedy wIIK surely cure you. Do
not mind if other remedies have failed to
cure you,, nor jnind if doctors say you
are incurable.' Mind no one, but write
me at once, and by return mail you will
receive the box. also the most elaborately
illustrated book ©ver. gotten ¦ up- on the; \
subject: of rheumatism, absolutely f ree, '
It will tell you all 'about your case. You
Set this remedy and wonderful book- at
the came time, both-free, so, let me hear
from you at once. ,. ' ¦[. ¦¦' .
JOHN A. SMITH " ; :--. '...=
89 Gloria Bldff, • « - MUwauieo, Wi».
APVERTISKMEyTS. '
FREE ADVICE
ON CURING
jg*m^&f!3-!23^^' Here's the) best
offer ever mado to
~~ flnSSrayUHflift victims of Catarrh!
r \ j jjiw Tii uifi . s an °ff'-' r of thf
j«JP« j*i jfi most valuable ami
gySy^-^/v^ lclpful medical ad-
f^Sijl\ t^Sy^, f rf>0 °* charge, fn>m
T^^*-^ Y^Bw knows all about Ca-
C»t»rth Spaeislist tarrh in every form
EPEOCLS an<^ who ha9 cured
thousands of cases
.where other doctors and other treatments
have completely failed.
' Don't neglect your "Catarrh any longer!
.It'» a ¦ disgusting, loathsome disease!
"VVocse still — it's terribly dangerous!
Neglected Catarrn ends In Consumption.
Unless ydu take care of it in time, the
first thing you know it will be TOO
LATE.
Catarrh Specialist Sproule. who makes
the offer of this valuable help to Catarrh
sufferers, will gladly give you free his
knowledge and counsel.
HE MAKES NO CHARGE
For studying your case and telling you
Just what to do. Without paying a cent
you will receive the most reliable and
helpful advice — advice that will show
you Just how to cure your Catarrh — not
just for a week or a month or a year, but
PERMANENTLY. Don't lose this great
chance! Answer the questions yea or no.
write your name and address plainly on
the dotted lines, cut out the Free Coupon
and send it without delay to OATABXK
SPECIALIST SPKOULE. 163 Doaa« St.,
Boston. ¦;£."•: v
FREE.JHEOICAL ADVICE CQUPO*
U your bread foul T
Do you tak* cold tatili t
7$ your note stopped up f
DoyouhaxetotpuaJUtit
Does your mouth tatU bad marktnot f ' •'.
Do you have a dull fuling ii% your head t
U there a ttcUing $et%scUton in your Vkroatf
• Do you hate an unpleasant dltfAarge from Vis
nomt ••
Dots the mucus drop into sour Vuroatjtom Us
nose t ' . *
NAME ...< ¦ "r-i^-r^-m rry----.-^. '
ADDRESS -crcsT. ~t-.^±.
oooooooooooooooooooooo
1 IMPORTANT TO FARMERS I
e — : •
| BAGS-BAGS-BAGS •
• By order of the State Board •
*| of Prison Directors I am atx- 9
Z thorized to sell grain bags in S
§ any quantity above five hun- p
® Hred (500) at $4:75 per hun-
O dred. Bags delivered free in O
O San Francisco, and orders most ©
© be accompanied with cash or O
® bank exchange on San Fran- •
3 cisco, and an affidavit made be- 5
S fore a Notary Public or Justice S
0 of the Peace that they are for ©
, «» the consumer's use. Blank affi- •
• davits can be had upon appli- •
9' cation to me- i'.*j - : ®
• J. W. TOMPKINS. Warden. •
I • . San Quentin, August 10, 1004. •
EDISON
Gold Moulded Records
Reduced *>5C Bach
Concert Records - - - 75c Each
PETER BACiQALUPI
Edison Phonograph Agency
Headquarters for Vim Paciflc Coast
786-758 Missioi Street, San Francisco
Opea . Saturday Erwiinyi. ¦; .' ¦
|ASTHMANOLA|
Is thecnlr curs fcx ITervon« ajxi
Brcacilal ASTK31A.-, •
-.. Tour Drussut er at. 503 HAIGHT wtm .
. Baa Fr»ocUc«b C*i
•v; ' gVr ADVERTISE3IEXTS. ¦. • ¦;'¦ .y. ; . •' v . - ¦
t^T^^^^^L* 2^^ 1 1 IT" ( ff fl > i^^ WnrmttW Jfw Jw fm A IS? MF /G&$^£rXi mw ut AfJET Of mm* wm mm BW»w Jv^wt jfif rW Mi Jw m9^mJJL. bH (^KQ /¦ I \\\ 0Ct^^^^ M
fliP S6.50 WOOL BLANKETS, DOUBLE BED SIZE, PAIR, $3.95 f^T |
' fe.i^-^S ivounci. six toot cxtcn o £- ticking. 6 feet long. (T 7 -7 c $12.50 ewakxi. bed— Full f»TM# •
! pg^S S1O / 1; K dC ° f S ° hd S^ dCn This Veek W.Sy JJ ln * e b looU LJ^ \¥
• fetj^*vt,^ oak - Ims w-a-new thing goo COUCH, with head. Covered head and foot wrought fig^
g|||||| in dining tables, whichwe in red damask biscuit tufted and $6.50 ROCKER. Wood
if^® 0^) arc introducing tfC 7C finished with fringe... ff^ QC colors. This S/.45 seat, saddle cut -and
} \/ this week for... .pJ.fJ week 4>«*^* - fincI ' y polishcd . In
$15 CHXrrOKIEB— 315*0 TBTX-A-TETB DXVAJT— riAcinir Htit Pmnro $8.60 POtDINQ QO-CABT— Steel. cither goldcnoakor
Golden finish: ser- Strongly upholstered; stitched VslOSlIlg Uub DTOUZQ wheels and springs; patent mahogany ff/.
r^ntine top drawer; edg^; gracefully curved frame . rubber tires. Can be folded flat ' / finish \$ g X»Ct<J
French plate glass. and carved panel back; mahog- L^aiTipS. iind t:ik«>n on street c* w f r« >-----—--«_-—-«»-»———--------.
' T h i s <f r\ Qn any finished and covered in flno F - cars. This week.. jllL fjJ '
week.... Thy, O3 wraring R*p taP-tf't/'k'^C Solid Bras? Parlor. Banquet and , . H» * #w *^ Bk*?s*^P^^***-<9
estrics. This week "X I U 1 J Piano Limps; crowns and bases CT ,,. »>'-_{¦ •" J'-'X1
El 4» * V. f wr of golld brasB . bowlg and glQbes $M^ 0 CHINA ci.OSET--Splid B^^^Q^^^
S1.50 BEDEOOM ROCKEB — embossed, hand-painted and of quartered oak, golden finish; Mg£feS%b^^<g%ra
Solid oak. golden finish; cane cu t glass. One of a kind, and li^nt slass front and sides. A WStFT*?™* "^JZtfSf&ffl
s«>at and high panel oc? only while they last: big offer at regu- (J-|/ qp V'1"!- &3f<?B
back. A great bargain; XSn 830 Lamps cut to .51 0 "lar value. This AIQ.OD BEfflSlL^fet ULlgj M?
EXCEPTIONAL REDUCTIONS ON RUGS AND CARPETS.
ROCKTO.V BRUSf?EI>S— FVom a mw mill. Hall, utair or AXMINSTHR Rl"(;S — 0x12 f»et: more of thess famoui %Sm uS I X £ ! K
room carpet»; elesant <l»eign»; regular »0c the yard val- rues that ki-pt the department buzzln* la^t week. Pome tV*83 nl D 1 ' H ' * SS
w»f; now belnir tntroducd. not laid, for B5o nre rare copies from thp Persian Tabriz and Cerebend i/«» «]' «5 Si 'V S
LKICESTEnSHIRK VELVETS— A new carpet; co{.ir 3 from niRs; others ar* fri'in thp India Afghans. Shirvans and i'TON ff} •£ g '\ « ** ?3k
— . -j-ct=^>=»^, the famou* old Lelce*ter»hlr« Mllln; lustrous, soft, high- Beloochlstanf; sti'.l others are ufter the French Empire da- '''Es ' $[ Sf ' * : f' '¦ f» <l
Nh— c^Zaw^J pil^ velvets; regular $1.23 tha yard value; this week, not eign; all this week SiO^r ' *SgB*v
-^jr^ 1 i»m : S7e tp^t«ou
ADVERTISESEEXTS.
FREE 1-RAY
k k AMmJEmd A V ill LA
Examination and Treatment
AD persons callisig at Elcctro-Chemlc Institute will be Riven a free. X-Ray
examination and diasrnoslp. A truthful and sincere opinion will be given in
aU cases. Curable diseases will be given a free treatment No incurable cases
will be undertaken. Call at once. Absolutely no charge v
f LECTROCHEMIC SPECIALTIES
Electro-chemistry etires Consumption. Catarrh. Asthma. ¦Bronchitis, Deaf-
ness. Rlngrliis Ears. Discharging Bars. Head Noises, Rheumatism. Locomotor
Ataxia. Paralysis. Cancers. Tumors, Old Sores. Eczema, Blood Poison, Skin
Diseases. Special Diseases of Women — Painful Period*. Weak ! Backs, Dizzi-
ness. Fainting Spells. Ovarian Pains, Ulcers, etc.. etc. Men are quickly, per-
manently and cheaply cured of Weakness, Prostatltis. Varlcocele, Specific
Blood Poison. Contagious Disorders. Nervous Debility, etc.- Separate and pri-
vate apartments for ladies and gentlemen. .... .¦ r .... .,-.-> ¦
Persons living at a distance should write for Instructions regarding home
treatment. ' . . ,. . ,_,, ..•¦.,''¦
The Electro-Chemic Institute
118 Grant Ave., Cor. Post St., San francisco, Cal.
Odce Hours— 9a.' m. to 5 p. m.'and 7 to 8 p. m. daily. Sundays, 10 a. m. to 1 p.' m.SAN DIEGO, Aug. 20.— A dispatch
received here- to-day from St. Louis
says that Harry CJ Leisenring. a son
of Dr. Leisenring of this city, and
Willa. Wood of Oakland were married
Romance Knds at Fair.
Potter -vi ill return in October to turn
his office over to his successor.
at the World's Fair toyday. The youn*
people formerly were schoolmates.
Forsakes TriiKxi for Stage.
, SAN JOSE, ¦• Aug. 20. — Paul Sainse
vain,.ex-City Engineer, is going on the
stage j as a . professional gymnast . and
tumbler. /He wi Unmake his debut here
at 'the Unique' Monday. l
QMAHA; Neb.; Aug. 20.— City phy
sician -Ralph [fs the authority for the
statement that two of, Omaha's leall
ing. physicians, Dr.^ C. t* F. SWanson
and: i 'pr.'' < Straj,iss, ' all but lost their
lives' recently from using patent head
ache'tablets. Both'took repeated doses
of -the/, tablets," which' . affected their
h Arts.,-' -According - to ( Dr. ¦ Ralph ' a
little ¦more of the medicine would have
paralyzed the'heart'and caused "death.
.VvDf.'Ralph' found Dr. Strauss in'an
extremely -'^iangerous.' condition.. -His
lips ahd;'finge'r_ nails' ; were.. a livid blue
and v the iheart .; action "very weak. In
h is ' case recovery : . wls speedy ( after the
medicine ,was7dlscprftinue'd ; 'and proper
treatment given, b^t in ; the case Lof Dr.
Swanson resuscitation 'was more s <Hf
flcult. .-.>.-•-
Neither, of the doctors noticed the
action of the tablets until he had par
tially collapsed. - . " ,
Hearts ol 'T^vo Omaiiu Physlutans Af
r •*>•¦;. fected by tJic ; Ij«c of Xenc- •
"J" i .{ '¦ -. Steadier*. . - .'
IIJ<L\DACIIK TABLCTS TOO ,
V MUCH TOR THE DOCTORS
Su peri n tcndeii t of School at
Ch emiiw . Quietly Takes to
Himself a Second Wife
Special Dispatch to The Call
; CHKMAW, Or.. Aug. 20.— The ro
mantic, niarriase. of. Superintendent
Thomas AYY Potter and Mary J. Smith,
a pupil 'at tho Chemaw Indian School,
has-.iupt been, announced ¦ here. The
wedding took place Thursday at'Bed
ding. Cal., in th« presence of the bride's
inoth'er, stepfather, brother and siste,.
The bride is a beautiful young Woman,
still in her teens, of a pleasant disposi
tion, and has been very active in the
Christian societies of the schooi. She
13. a quarter-blood Digger arid has been
for a number of years, a student at
the school from which her husband has
recently resigned as superintendent.
The announcement of the wedding has
caused a big stir in the school, as there
had been no knowledge among the stu
dents or teachers of ;the romance going
6n in -their ,. midst. " ' ' •?. ' : " - . ' "
"Superintendent Potter, is well and fa
vorably known In the' Indian service as
a sticcesful teacher .of Indian youth.. He
began - his work ' " In Indian* Territory
arknit' eighteen- years -ago. ' ¦He" 1 taught
at the Carlisle. Pa.,"* school and was. then
promoted >to a superintendencyl Mn\the
latter capacity he served -at Fort. Tot
ten, N.' I>., and- Cherokee, j N. C. * His
first wife was the daughter of a pow
erful Cherokee chief . and . famed as a
beauty. % The groom is about 50 /.years
of age. Potter recently resigned at
Chemaw after 'an , investigation of * his
affairs by the department that showed
them: In good condition. The: wedding
party left Thursday for San Francisco.
WEDS A YOUNG
INDIAN MAID
the dungeon, bread and water diet and
other kindred matters, will be report
ed -ur>o,n ' by the committee, but we
have not' decided what our-recom
mendations will be. I- am not- the
champion- of a system of dealing with
felons as if* they were' children: I fa
vor, no .namby-pamby feeding of fel
ons'on 'nursing bottles: I do not be-
Ijeve a . Warden should, . say 'please
how. won't you do- this or that* in his
dealings with ' convicts. J There must
be ¦;. discipline — rigid discipline, for a
penitentiary is not a kindergarten,
but the" regulations : must be reason
able'.- ¦ in a 'word, I bejieve in more
stringent* and : bitter experiences for
the'.hopelesslyt bad and more reward
and -encouragement, for the ; convicts
Who .are tryifig to 'do' belter." • •
"Such matters as the proper pun
ishments to' be.iiiflicted Ui the prisons,
the use of theS straitjacket, I the .- last,'
"Justice tempered' with mercy for
life termers is another-., subject to
whldh trie committee has given 'much
consideration. I cannot say that any
thing definite has been determined: in
this, regrd ; as ; yet. i but -it . has by no
means been overlooked. . ¦ It is a dif
ficult matter to : handle properly. Lffs
sentenees "are for serlouscrinies only.
The- Individual 'life- 'termer,' particu
larly .in cases of> homicide; is- frequent;
ly'of^clcan characten •Svhoah^the'com
mijfsio'n;of the crime. which made'him
a convict was-; actua ted under ' some
motive, of hate 'or ;reverige or^heafof
passion- and • posslBly,' in ? some ; cases,
after extreme provocation,; but " not
from'instlTict of 'plarider.- There "seems
to 'be •some point t©; the;- plea; made .by
!his class^ that ¦a- r 'mah" v without hope
would 'better 'be -deM.' '!- /.• : . x \.' "
.'• ". Yef what.ar© we to.,aa? | t.here . are
men In the; California" prisons serving
life sentences, for; ki'ilirig-i. nfefV < under
circumstances which ;^wduld ,. cause.. Vix
out .'off every "ten me^i.^ to -take human
life.* '-'Are these' prisoriers/£b>be*-com- ;
pared ,with the. wretches; who deliber
ately wrecked, a: train in' order to pliiii*
der^the 'innocent victims of the .wreck,
or; with' those .men .whoibecause 'their
victim was "too; slow ,in 'responding >to
the! command, .'hands': up,*; shbf-hirh
down''ih t 'his' : tracks? '"It ls#a subject-Hp
be r ; carefully, approached. . . ,, ;; .- , t ••.
' "The pardoning, power of "the. Gov
ernor "is. of course, -theoretically open
to. all .Vrisoners,.-.but;'no cxecutiye^ca.res
to:,take" -,the .responsibility ', tor. /over
turning. the\ wholefcrlrninalv practice
of the State byxp'rpmiscuoqs, jail : de
liveries.. If the people : .de,sire that
prisoners be" probated of'.released they
should, .i through their Legislature,'' so
provide. It- is ; my hope that what I
have said upon, the subject may "in
augurate, a discussion . of the question
all over the State, for the; committee
courts expressions of. opinion from all
persons who may,. have any -sensible
suggestions to offer. '. . ¦,'. . ; N -
ward reform in detail and feel' we are
or> safe ground. '. '
' T>1 FFICU J/r PRORliKM."
-"A new penitentiary is needed ¦ by
the State.' It should be established
somewhere ; in Southern, California,
but that is a secondary^ matter. Ab
solutely' needed changes .in :the sys
tems and. physical', conditions at San
Quentln and Folsom . are first to "be
considered , if an agreement can be
reached, as to the amount to, be ex
pended and .to what the appropriation
shall be devoted. The question." of an
other prison can be taken uplater^
"The probation law remains to 'be
investigated." We desire the "opinions
of Superior Judges, Sheriffs," Prison
Wardens, probation officers and others
upon the results of the law as far as
experimented with. Reward 'for good
bfcTiavior and punishment ".for bad
seem to.be one means of reform for
vice already developed. • Segregation
will pfevent the spread of vi<?e arhdng
the prisoners" and reward and punish
ment will cure it in many cases. ¦'/*.'
is no possible doubt upon
one subject andxupon it the commit
tee will make some strong recommen
dations. That is that first offenders
should be separated from recidivists.
That Is a plain and simple duty that
none can gainsay. The youthful of
fender who has been guilty of but one
act of crime should not be permitted
to communicate In any way whatever
while in jail or prison with an old
offender. This i3 the one central prin
ciple Xrom which we can -work out to-
the Legislature at thc beginning of the
session and by a careful discussion of it
we h'bpe. to accomplish what other
Legislatures have found- it impossible
to accomplish because of lack of time.
"The keynote of real prison reform
is to be found In the word 'segrega
tion,* for by separating the prisoners
it will be possible . to remove the
means of nracticlng the disgraceful
vices which' have made California
prisons notorious. Both San Quentln
and Folsom should be converted Into
prisons of separate jcells. Segregation
is . advocated by ill authorities and
r»6st strongly by, the prison authori
ties themselves. The cost would be
tremendous, perhaps, but prisons are
not built for a day or a w.eek,.but for
decades. ' • \
•ihar that of parading to the world a
* c-ondition of alfa!rs which has rightly
'been lcrmcd a disgrace to civilization.
"It te thr purpose of this hold-over
* r-ommittee to bring the matter before
Ilian the mere publication of scandal
ous matter without any results other
'difected. to secure reports from all
prison authorities in the United States
and Europe, tugethcr with such special
• publications as were of recognize<l
.value in the work of improvement of
• renal institutions. The committee has
• visited San yuentin and Folsom and
.the State Reform schools and at a
.meeting to bo tailed this month the
" -material at hand t\ ill be carefully gone
"over and our recommendations imme
'diately prepared.
"The reason which prompted me to
nia.ke the resolution by authority of
.which this committee was appointed
«as that I saw that the regular Com
mittees on Prison both in the Senate
and the Assembly came in so late in
Ihe Session that no definite scheme of
prison reform could be adopted. The
disclosures made by the committees
. during the last session emphasized the
/act that radical changes in prison
mfthnds are needed, but at the time we
could do nothing. Th^re was not suf
ficient time: othor Important legislation
demanded attention and the question is
manifestly too big a one to be hur
• ripdly considered. It seemed that a
.Vommfttee bringing in a definite plan
•at t!ie . beginning of tho session, one
carefully framed under the advice and
"approval of the Governor, the Board
of Prison TMrectors. the State Board
of <"hyrit«es and Corrections and
ethers, might enable us to so
cure some teal reform. rather
"Th^. committee organized imme
;. ciatriy. after thc adjournment of the
* "liCaTislaturp.'" said Prescott to-day. "J.
y. < 'arrere was appointed secretary and
LOS ANGELES, Aug. :.U— One of the j
most -.impellent questions which v. ill 1
l»t considered at the next session of j
the Legislature will be that of prisons
ar.d prison reforms, and more atten
tion will be given it than it has ever
received ct the hands of any previous
session of California's lawmakers:-
Radical chitges will probably be ad-
Aised in tie manner in which the af
talra of the various penal Institutions
of the State are administered and an
effort will be made to secure for Cali
fornia, prisons a system of government
which chali embrace all the best fea
tures of the model prisons of this
country and Europe.
There will be no need of sending the J
standing: committees of both houses to j
the various institutions except, to in
spect their accounts. There will be no
repetition of the disclosures made dur- I
Ing the session of the last Legislature j
in the official reports. By the time the |
Legislature assembles there will be j
available for- its members a mass of in- j
formation, statistical and otherwise, j
such as no committee could compile j
during a sixty-day session, and along:
Aith this information will be recom
mendations for reforms of various
kinds, which will have been submitted j
to and approved by the executive in ad- i
\ance. • . >
; One of the last resolutions passed by j
the Assembly of 1?C3 was one authoriz- j
* ing 'the appointment of a hold-over j
Committee on Prisons. That commit- j
ice was charged with the duty of re
. portliu; to the Assembly of 1305, after
* careful Investigation, *vhat changes are
necessary In the construction and ar
rangement of buildings and in the sys
tem of managing the State prisons.
Th? boxnnsittee directed to include :
Jn its investigations the system of !
keeping accounts, methods of punish-
o m«jnt, needed dietary improvements.
Hi"," segregation of prisoners and all
viher. matters pertaining to the prisons.
*\ith'<i view to making them fully up
•.'I she best standard of such institu
!jvna*"»n ike t/nited States.
• • Prtl-SCOTT IS CHAIRMAN*.
Of i!::s committee F. C. Prescott of
V^". Jit! r.r.-dino was made chairman,
* ?he otiter members being Assemblyman
.< '. 1!. McXenney of lor.e and Charles
6. Dtrabar of Saiita Jlosa. Thr com
,r:;itfrc w.'.s authttrized to employ a,
KCcrcfary. vi^it i>cnal institutions, and j
• The; Sii7>i j !inten<3ont of State Printing j
vss uii<?' \r<i to print such matter as
Vhc crdi>roittee from time to time re
ouTreil.
Pr»Kcott has just been renominated
for-the. Assembly :n the Seventyt-sixth
. District— Ills nomination being tanta.
iiH'unt to election. He is now at work
Hipon his final report as chairman o'
"the cemmitteei and. although the work
*•'£ th*it body has not been completed,
;it "-is now known along what general
•'lines prison reforms will be recom
mended.
Spcci*! Dtftatch to The CaII
fiody I-iobably Will Kccom
• mend iiadicai Chiingcs in
;. . Mctliods -Trevailiiig Here
;/a> ( 1J1IH-S CONDITIONS
of the Legisla
tive Committee on Prisons
. . i-Nousses Xeedcd Kel'orms
TALKS ABOUT
PENITENTIARIES
THE SAN ¦-, FRANCISCO VCALl:, SUNDAY. AUGUST, 21/ 1904.
SAN JOSE, Aus. 20.— The Orchard
Irrigating Company has been incorpo
rated here by local growers with a
capital stock of $100,000. Its object
is to build and operate irrigating;
ditches in this valley.
25
'Tins ESIPORTUM. - I' - THE JCMrORIUM. ., ¦ I '..THE.EMPO^UJSl... 1 ; THE , EMPORIUM. | ¦;'.:/ , \ . THE EMPORIUM. \ THE EMPORIUM. r-i-v"*.
i' f*am*%Br*%*% Suburban Wo Sell J^ "••"¦" : -• Jewish' Our New An Offering
I &UMG irOMUnuu i Delivery . Medical SSI -• ff/^ • * New Year's .General d ovq i |?«« S c^«
i ff*S*%m+Bv*± &ZI iRSt Service Books >££S^ J*k& / > T : Cards Catalogue wjr " nusssB^n
X 1*PSZPZrt*& A met libera. enc It is the only stock . jW/7 Cj SSfy'Ss'flS /^^/%^y & ff M &&/* ¦ It is rime now to ssnd For faU is nearin^ com- iJf^S^GOSg^ i&/»
*•" -- la many towns we de- . „ .".- ' . , . «L £k M JT* Mf V 7 it 8aM J Tl MM J8 Jo M JS BM ' your erc:tings to distant , - . ... *^ m *^* w»«»*^ *j?%jr
%" -\'t-r n.cnths of i ; . in Ca iforn:a that in any *MM& Jg M j3 JR / & SJbL***. i Ii. J M yfisELiisft B n ¦ i wr u plet:on. It will con- . ,.'.•¦
,< s-9- . ... 1 vcr vour purchases at ' A # l^^/ ff A^Vl/ V^r&^ir# (1 ' '"ends. We are sh aw- Y To signalize the
i *&!L — f * • du r " S - W , • >" our ' ow n ioor - Mikc wa V rpr ° ach " COm * fT™ «T^. £ *~— Jn , Ufgcr irtortme^ t tain illuitrations of the °. Si S n4 * c "^ * r=: = 5 Vv
5 k^^ WC , " CCI " ?' inquiries of our rales- p'eteW Pnrririn, CALIFORNIA'S LARGESTr. r iMM- Ba ' tJ *" than usual cf the correct correct • fall styles for °P« nln g ot «« f *-mL^\
*' --.;•*; ---W^S^---,. numtra ° 1 " 'nq"'"** t° r pcope or information physicians and medical , , in ii i ii II' WH^flggg|{XKF 5au ' . ' . ¦ __ - designs and the proper men, women and N = vv Juvenile (¦ A
*. X^^^^S^v tjem, there ™*" v - d bureau and see if youri s udents miy be glad to • "¦• < *^^BlMBMUiliW |lp • AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE, sentiments for the sea- children. Out-of-town Department, on \|<ft ,-^*^St»|fl
V ' i ZZ$i'"< U=i mj0j5 d rrct * r0!n the , Sw \ U ~' is onr of thof- to «n«. know this fact. . ** -«.-" > : ';"- - • '•.-. • son. Prices . 2c to 75c fo'ks ssnd for one. ' «^ronr! flnor vou N»3P — .*"* tSt
X ua4 iCV:ral hundred i ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ n ¦ i i i i i secono noor, you a gg?
'* i3«?*?CvS^^ liat « d * carved cucko ° . \. an* a • 'MM- - " " BBI m ' mmmm' J m ? * ifl8kil '• ' may choose now ; J^iT
** vSK^^^«' i^Sis^^ which «e place on - T »* . fall and winter/ h • 5 \
j: 8 p-* cial " le j New JVlerchandise for a New Season. Russian overcoats/ A ? •,-' A
X ' Monday. .' ~ " ; ~ { or t h c I a( *s 2 j^\f^%- \'\ '\*''lj
g * 7 . 5 o S ndfs.ooacck...s*.6a s New Departments, handsomely appointed. to 7 y««. TheseV^Aw J£Y
%' The $12.00 Clocks . . ..$6*87 ! ' ' \ " — r — ; -~ . are handsome gar- frXi
5; We pkhircor.c of the $12.00 styles New Demonstrations of Value - Giving. . memj for the-"^**'| fen
\ OutfiiiGPS far And many new Customers each day. , ** KidLL \> ? > m
% C#f#f#f«f«?#^ i%9M~ . ; t -* : ¦ , i- dudes a choice ot (^ ! }M
*• AutornobtH&tS Ths Ncw JuveniIe Department— Second floor — is now open. . It oc- The Shoes have been moved to the center of the store where the fine Krrseyj. in WTWt
J> •«•«####«#«*# CM*J>**9 cupies a large space near the elevators, adjoining the women's fur- Art Goods and Gloves formerly were locatei. There is a separate section for shades of royal, n»r 7 \3 -W
J Are vou readv for the"Meet" at n \.w m<y miiHnerv and croak derjartments The floor is covered with men ' s and toys> shoes ' a v d - br ° wn; r L eliabIc fA Pv
I DelMont- 1 If" not we can fit you ¦ ,?/. ? min ? ry ana f 1 ™ de P artmenti - * nc "^ t . e , W / The New Jewelry and Silverware Departments, under the elevated <fa«;«,*navy,bro W * WX
I outin aVswell ar?aasthoSah yoS 3 tUh Wllt ° n VdVCt "^^ — -? '" f™ 0^ . *! "* V* f Cktii is one cf the most beautiful stores of the kind in America. . ffiLISS and A
« made vtar Durch-Tses direct of O a PP° intments of this handsome stor., and the stock compr.ses the best of wear- T^ e New Good , are everywhere about the store. We are introducers and SS^ " p 8 r "L C ol ES M%
•S Snxwfpr nr ik/i ing ap?ard of a " so ' ts for b ° iS '^ t0 l8 ycsrs ' We r^ Ct ** this Si? fce **te™ «' styles for San Francisco. Ths fall showings are earlier and better Seed for thTprice^ $5mUU
v ?5 ron ? :* v , 1 or s& oneofthemostpo.uIarderartmentslnTheEmaoriujTi. • % * \haxrtytt. before. j D , _ J ' ' ' t e . nPk
J. Co., New \ork, whose products . • . The Ntw Customers quickly become regular patrons. Perhaps it Is becauss Boys Long Overcoats Sa.OO.
tf are represented in ours, the only Thc Mcns ClothmJ, Hats and furnishings are now just inside the - they find cur gcods are better at the same price or cheaper for equal grades than Boys'Peter Thomson reefers $5.00
! £• complete assortment of Auto main entrance, so that customers do not have to pass through the departments in other stores. Read to-day's merchandising story and sei ir our theory is Boys' Russian Suits $3.50.
J clothing in the city. devoted to the sale of woman's goods. not correct Boys* Novelty Suits $3.5Q.
I Pretty Fail Millinery I Advance Sate of Autumn Suits I Kirk's 25c Soaps
I sJfc In Abundance One Hundred Models worth up to $35. OO— Monday Half Price
f "^m Our buyer waited in the mar- Fashion's Latest Garments-- $13*50 and $25 mOO jam« s. Kirk & co. ha« r— — 2^ — \
I*" f^Vint£?£FSGL kct until the siyici for winter sygto, discoatinusd making fire of S\ (^.li— &* \
i -r^^p^^^^m «nd fail were actually deter- An Appreciative Manufac- Paquin ol Paris furnishes their regular itapie 25 c box sft^ . ..." .^ o ..^ ' tj)^ \
;j: ©i^^^S^aHP mned (no jus • tvork) and then lurcr of high-class gar* f^^^^.^' C p3&i>r the unique designs em- '~p«- They wbhedtodapo* /2| te^oT^si'" Tfe*'
it comn-.er.ctd rush-ng out to us oy e X - . h . , f^gf^ tZ&Z% U a- a ¦ + u .* of t h e ,tock they hadon hand C\ VjJ kpV '^"\T^A
it t iS^ 3 * £*&? press the cevsr new conce.ts as fast lll - ul -=» nu h oms <i wi B t V.*- iVJJ *&Ts * bodied in the pretty . „,. , , \\^O4t%^- •^^Z^&SZzQ
t -v^** rfr aJ th,. euat mMintrs could turn portionof ourbusiness, ¦ • U; ¦¦ W. -A . , u ,,. • m cr ? n
S W x]g£p h.- delivered to us his entire /%T short coatwalking £ rr 4^^|^p^
V *v -/ A«ooi««,rt« M tof Trmmed Drew Hltf, in , •• . ,. f . yff^W^X /^ SUit, Shown in illustra- cepted. Thh purchase con- HiiJ iIZ \
% £^=35^ chtn:l.e, ve.vet or taffrta «^ trom duplicate line Ot Sample /A | , [\ / ,Tn Jing of their well known IV-«-h«m ¦ i^ 1
t 1 *? SomOO ta S18.OO su its at a ereat discount. ,/iS } ' i Vy » \\\ tl0n « • •
'^ Ready.tcirm Hiti-Of mohair braid and * S . " w ' KB \* f/JjW \ \ A*^> ; M tOn
S V^\ chenille, ia ths new turban, flat iron ihape, We COUld readily Sell these //•? ,\* ,.ffl -XL \l A\ 'WJ!M& Thprp ar/> iwn <;tvlp«i nf Duchcj^ A ia Violet
\U '^~ Coloniil 1Rl lir £ 5 P ;ccurs hats — aU at the regular prices of /• ' : V • M %l ' w'wKlMw'i " ' ' Savon de TEroile
I tt±~\^&~*r^S& 0 t o o a £ $ r 3 e 5 "o°u 0 ; <4B SJ S^JSggaS-
* Ready-to-wear md Tailor Hats- Many pretty new s ha P «, among th=m ooc j fortune with you and ' \\\ ©3 ' ' $Nf£r // L SI black, blues and browns — t&-m.g~* /r»/f^««,,.« M^
1 '^ you more*... ever i ,l\ H th, coats entirely taffeta SSSB GSSSS%VS3rS
t ccion $3.95 an Emporium enthusiast. ' vu ¦" I 'wl' I Ii Wt siIk lined and cleverly MonTiay and Tuesday, if quantity lasts, fine
t Felt Cow Boy Hats-Fini»hed. with tuther or re'ret bandi ....: jo these will go on'-sale, _ Ml .jq. i / ll f || trimmed with velvet and imitation cf cut glass
j ' * s - 7e "' * 3 - g0 ¦ t *Pnn.ng,Mond.y.-.tonly^ a £ , • 'tfl fancy braid. ,Th e kilt ef- wtM.MM-.. u. . SBo
it H I ZZ ZT * ~~* 4HQ Rti 1 ' fill ' 71 S I® HI feet skirts are unlined and 40c Vases— 1 8 b. dear g ia M - ¦ 21o
\i Sale Taffeta 48c . M ' e ? m9 *" j\ : \ I (J'i-i i-\m? trimmed to match, com- ?f^^-^pii|^^^^ $?ooft^
\K Just when new garment, are being planned that you need // W' '/JWT^fK '^M S^S $32 ' 5 ° 50c Glass Water Bot'tle- Beit '. '. '. '. '. ' '. . \ . 29c
It silk linings comes another opportune »!e o! taffeta clotns m Prettiest COat Jjj L !&l\A\ 7 Ml I "' / 'ii II \\\\ suits shown anywhere 40c- Bmy Set— Large dbh and i-x .mail di:hes, an unusually good
\$ .iik. Th»3otis iginches wide, all .ilk (contain, no styles (see one illustrated) //ii ;V. K m\ %7 7/Jfl I ,'/;•!! ll\ and vou 'will 'gladly "pay n imit l t ; on of cut gla8Si se£ ;. V ' ". / ' 29 °
t foreign substance), therefore the weight .. sacrificed decreed to be the proper /^ I \\ I \\kW////fU I ! 11 us onlv " Claret Glasses- On stems, Unblown; .nstead of 5 i. 9 » the d=«n^»l=
| that L qJ alit y J y be retained. It would be .n un- ..Irments for fall wear, Y J-| f) 'W/^' W 11) ' SBJSB^ W^^^^M^M^A
\ WC U^the^l^ 38Only " W $25.Q0 l-UonCu^sRose Bow, , 5c
J. 6 * j - - . ¦ ¦ "^^ l*s*^ ' ¦ T Imitation Cut Glass Salts and Peppers So
|| $1.00 Mixed Suitings 67c I J| \ Bedding-Suntilw Event\ A $13.50 Trunk— $10.25
g Only 1000 yards of these pretty fall suitings— it's * ** ***-** The st Louis and other E aste rn excursions begin
*: really too bad, for almost everybody will want a dress ; "uhat means, much to discriminating buyers of good again September first, so that this trunk-offering will
j made from them as soon as they see them, and the quality, warm bed coverings. Perhaps you are going to pTove most opportune. These are extra good, duck-
j quantity is so limited that only about 150 persons can have visitors for theConclave and may need some extras; covered, waterproof-painted, full linen-lined trunks,
j get full costumes, but even if you do not need them until a few months that have two trays, the top tray with large compart-
v The material is 52 inche. wide, made of fine twi.ted yarn, in. well j ater j t w jjj pay you to investigate tiiese offerings ' • merit for. hat. All slats are protected with la.rge ball-
5 blended colors, a mercerized thread and silk nub effect, giving tone to the ° ° rnrnpr hnmnPK FyrpRinr lnrk' nr*r\ larcrp hn1t<s Thprp
I fabric. There are also some darker .hading in wooi suitings/mostly small Whi !< Blanket,- 7^o inche, several kinds Down Ccmforters-Siz: 6x 7 feer. for la: ? e .^^""S^f '.-Taps t i, the,4 inch popuLf size
* j . (¦ ,- . ' „ .»u « . ««Vk- .J J 11 r " 1. • u cf f ooi California blankets, vaiuss up to beds, rich Dresden »ateen covering, each . are two Strong leatner Straps. It IS me 34-incn popular Size,
design.— any of which are worth $ 1. 00 the yard, and all of which are f 6 . oo , p iir , scme lightly sc iied-y our choice . . . ........ . $6.75 regularly $15.50, to be sold Monday only for $10.25
t offered for Monday, whl e quantity lasts, at . . . . ..... QJ C this week . . . ?.••.. • S4.78 Wh ite Spreads-The $3.00 heavj and elab- Ideal Wardrobe Trunks-Arranged with slide and hangers for clothing on one side, the other
5 M^*^*^**** MMM *****************^ M^^^^*^^ MMM^*^^'*^^^*^^^^*™ MMM^^^^ M ** M '*^'*********'* M^**'*^'^™***" 1 White Blankets — 7 lbt. weight, beauties in ma- orateiy patterned Marseilles, this- week ! side containing a fall set of drawers arranged torshirts, collars, cufh, underwear, etc., and
' «v" C^Tk^JCft C'^nfc fr&m m+ B*n E&na+f 5/r%m+M"*H> *r%m+&M terial, finish and e^rra size— a J7.50 vaiut, . . . '. £2*28 *'so a drawer for hats — the stronccst and the most con\tn:;nt wardrobe trunli on the
, 2 «>ar#e %Scai¥Mpi& ff m Vr*i&r'G& anU »U thu W eek t wke quantity last., P a ; r .... . **,•. m arke:, in several styles ... _ _ _ -, _ A - - - --
\l I ****** g+MMB*4**S*m C~*M^ ¦ .••...•• $5.98 yh»t Spread,- Large M z £ , t crocheted^eavy ..'.,.. ' . / &55.0O JO $7Q.QO
t . . Lace uurtam Enus W^^&^^^M^^ -^^^^Mm^$^^a Wt — : — - n . . ~i rr — -rzz — :
£ Our curtain and drapery buyer wa. succejjfui in securing a greit many unusual price concisions purpcs:s, 64 inches wide,* u a: m acd sightly, * * * * ' ' ' ' ' ••••»*•*«» tt*atTiBU PlCtUFCS \ SSlBBt SYlZJSIC
2 du.-Ing hi* recent Eastern trip ani the goods are now rapidly arriving. Some of them go on - P' ir • ...,.-..- $1,73 Ced "sheets- 1200 high grade sheets for large 7Q A anr / C? 17 C GOD\f
t sale beginning to-morrow. . Comfortfrs-Extra large ' r«, fine white fill- (s Z e 8,x 9 o ,nch«) th.3 ZUCatiCl m*S J a*U.*0UpjT
K Lsce Curtain Ends— 36 to 54. incht* wide, average lengths a to 3 yards, _ ingf, pretty coverings, ths $1.50 kind, e-ch cac " -* •••••••••• • 57O Monday Only — The new wide ovals Monday 2nd all the Week
white, ecu and Arabian coior, 500 ot "these goat. . ..... . Z5C Q3tm :'.'. ....". . $1.18 Pillow Cases— Hfnisdtched, and fine quaHtv, . in brown or gilt finish, size I IX 14 while OliantitieS last
J Manufacturer's iSatr.pte. cf VeSour- Suitable for cushions and upholstery, worth 60c - Ccmfortrr* -Good mak«, handsome cevsrings, 45^6 mch.s, each ....... #^b inches, fitted with landscape and fhp nnnnlar hit* nampri"
5 toj,.ooe»ch for ... ... . . . . •-•••• • • ;• *&C ror- which price -is always • $2.00 . each, fr Plain Ca*es- Heavy bleached muslin, 45*3° fjaure oictures suitable for all tne popular lilts named
* Manufacturers Portiere Stmples- In rep and armure wraves, wjrh border, colors green or. thii week, here at . . . • • .$1.58 inches,' instead of i^Uc tach . . . . W O L- 8 • P^tures— SUltab.e tor all belOW On SDeCial <iale
If red, worth $1.50 to I2.00 each . . . ...... : . . . . . . .•.'... . 78o • i ': ." . • , . w kinds of rooms, our regu- " ' \y7_' * «¦¦
Jf Damask and Tapestry Samples— 50 inches wide, 1^2 yards long, for drapery and ¦ furniture, Many Odd Table Cloths, etc., * n d sing'e dozens and ha'.f dczenj of napkins, J ar price •'< I. CO, special ,~ 79C each 17G
•f t * Or ! h « 2 " 5 -° t0 iA ,?°' " ch ' !r* •' ' V ¦' • 'j .'. * ' :'- r ' " *jl mSO remaining. trorri our linen sale of last week, some slightly mussed from handling, Another lot in iquare gilt frimes — My Palm Leaf Maid— Song.
*• Tapestrv Portieres— plain co ors, self co ors, also rep and armurr, -with tapeitry and velour . , ' M . .. -.,..'-. ¦ . . , n B . , When th- CcorsHav- Dream'ands «f Their
t borders, . . _T-i- ; on sale at very low prices at our iinen counters, ,th:s _.-week. • with metal corner?, colored mats, »vnentn_ 1,00ns «av. L-rearn.anaao. ia«r
g Po.tieres wcrth / 4 .o3 paV, for. . . ... ••••.-.¦. $2.65 .. Huck" Cotlon Towils— Beached, htm enis, | Heavy Turkish TowfU-.S:r= size I+X24 inches, regularly sold *£ Coquette -Norelettr.
jf PortieTes wotth I7.00 pair, for. . . ..." . . . .]. . $4-m48 - • barber sizr, 40c dozen; • Ur e sis • 6r C dozen. I ecru co'or. ths wrck's. pnee, each.. . |5o _ 5.2-3 5 each, special J. 1 . 37. Laughing Waters — Instrumental or song.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I Solid Oak Dining /^^^^^^^^^~^^I^\\ •*
Table — S feet long I— — xroa B«d — Good
(like cut): regular v Rq»_Eeautiful desiew variety to *"i *«»«: bsatuiful
$17.50 value; spe- . , .... .«..,» curves; res. $1.™
m cial $10.00. ss'ect from, special this week, 5I.OO vaiu^-. special. y:;.75
V_ ¦•-'-- . *~" j
IE^i?i^l One doU& - ver wsei opens an account. Wa J»*fifr5
3 cay frdtrnt and carfare. Our tertss also *>V-mgBBM
m I l^u Ply to Oakland, Alameda, Berkeley and all tie^^^l
H . Htu^S^KM STlTjXU T3S. * ¦¦'*.'-¦ f^Jtjjy*Q
7 I I ¦
Ij^^^Q^^fgsQ Sideboard— Writing Desk ¦f~? ;r £z^- j^j-^a-^^
Quarter - sawed _ Mahogany fin-
lW'i2*<*2*L . ish; pigeon holes \ ', 1^1
I i^^^^l finished. Regu- RegularS8.00 jjj jj * H
1^^^^ $13.75 $4.50 if "7
I TT BID II I I A WTT furniture co.
J i • DKJLf l^iJt\l% 1 338-342 Post St.
• A D V EIITISK.M EXTS. _^
-. m- '«f litre h**n utsBf Cmfrftfti for Ir*omTi!t, with
* •¦ T-biih'I burr Veen »fflicted foro»er twenty year*.
«n<l I r»>i «»r tb»t <-'afc«-»rt-t« h»r« glr*n me nor«
r~ n +l than any other reinrdy I »•»¦• er*r tried. . I
»*-a".l r»-rt»l!i!y recomtnend tb'in to rcy friends c»
5*«* Ii wejr «•« "^"^."Glllard. El^la. III.
¦ CAWOV CATHARTIC
¦ P!ea»at!t. PiJaUble. Potent, Tast«(t>ood. Do Goofl,
" %>rer bfeken. Weaken or Grlre. I0e. 25c. Me. Kerer
• «n iulk. The equine tablet atuniped C C a
' Guaranteed to cure or your money back.
SterlintBe5a** d y Co -« Chica K° orN - Y * 597
¦ : AHMUAL SALE, TEH MiLUOH BOXESPresident Returns to Oyster Bay.
OYSTER BAY, "Aug. 20.— President
Roosevelt and party arrived . here at
9:12 o'clock to-night." 7
Ceremony Is Performed to Give Wife
Legal Claim to His
Property.
DETROIT. Aug. 20.— Slowly dying
CHIEF OF CHIPPEWAS
WEDS OX DEATH BED
WAR WORN VETERAN DROPS
DEAD AT SANTA ROSA
Death Claims Okl Soldier While ' He
Is Engaged in Picking .
. Fruit. :
SANTA. ROSA. Aug. 20.— Franz Her
mann, a hero of three wars, dropped
dead this morning while picking prunes
on the Lincoln Purrlngton place, near
this city. He was a native of Germany
and In his youth was a soldier in the
Prussian army, and later followed his
adopted flag in the Mexican and Civil
wars.' He was a member, of the local
Grand Army post. •
VALUABLE GOWNS RUINED
Damage Done by Rainstorm at St.
„ Louis Exposition.
ST. LOUIS, Auff. 20.— Magnificent
Parisian gowns, valued at $500,000, are
In a ruined condition in the Palace of
Manufactures as the result of the
heavy rainstorm which swept over the
World's fair. The "gowns were exhib
ited, by French dressmakers and were
one of the most interesting features of
the Manufactures building. They were
displayed in glass showcases, but the
rain was driven through crevices in
the roof of the building and poured
down Upon the top of the cases, event
ually leaking through and soaking the
garments.
Many of the dresses had been sold,
to be delivered to St. Louis and Chi
cago firms at the close of the World's
Fair. The damage, it fa said, cancels
the contracts.
JOKE CAUSES ARREST
OF GOTHAM BROKERS
Detectives Catch Them Gambling for
Pennies With a Toy Roulette
Wheel.
NEW YORK, Aug. 20.— A joke that
miscarried has caused a police raid on
a brokerage office in a big building on
Lower Broadway and the arrest of five
men, who were locked up on charges of
gambling. Two of the prisoners are
.members of the Consolidated Stock and
Petroleum Exchange. '
After the day's business had been fin
ished some one in the brokerage office
produced a pocket roulette wheel such
as are p sold in toy shops, and those
present, anxious for amusement, sent
out for a lpt of pennies. Then all sat
down to a big table and were having a
lot of fun when the door suddenly flew
open and a squad of detectives entered.
The brokers explained that they were
only amusing themselves, but* admitted
that they were. gambling. The pennies
and wheel , were confiscated and the
players marched off to the station.
It appears that some outsider 1m a
spirit of fun had called up police hild
quarters and reported a gambling
house in' full operation in the office.
The number of cotton r splndle3 in
use in the United States increased last
year from 15.500,000 to 20,000,000,
owing principally to new factories in
the cotton belt.
Speculation lured William J. Smith,
receiving teller of the San Francisco
Savings Union, from the paths of duty
and lost him his position. Though he
made good every cent he used. Smith's
employers decided to let him go.
William J. Smith was prosperous,
and well liked by a large circle of
friends. He was keeper of wampum
for the Improved Order of Red Men
and chancellor of the exchequer for one
of the lodges of the Knights of Py
thias. In all more than $15,000 was in
trusted to his care.
When one of the bubbles of specula
tion in which he based his hopes burst.
Smith used this trust money, hoping
to regain what he had lost. But it was
good money thrown after the bad, and,
more than that, money not his own.
The "salt trust," the scheme which he
hoped would make him rich, fell flat.
The moneys he used were: $7000 Be
longing to Manzanlta Tribe; $8000.
the per capita tax of the Great Council
of the Red Men, and $500 belonging to
the Knights of Pythias.
These sums he made good. For the
$7000 he gave property at Point Rich
mond, worth more than that sum. For
the $8000 he gave securities worth
double the amount. The $500 he paid
In cash.
His brethren in the fraternal orders
forgave him Immediately, but hia em
ployers felt that a man given to spec
ulation should not be a receiving teller.
"Smith lives at 922 Ellis street.
James Boyes, Smith's successor as
keeper of wampum in the Red yen,
said last night:
"William J. Smith is as honest as
I the day. It was simply a case of mis
placed confidence. If he wanted $5000
to-day I would let him have it. I do
not think that he will lose his position
in the bank. All that know him like
and trust him. He restored more than
I twice the amount he used."
SWEPT BY FIERCE GALE.
Great Damage Done to Property at
Kockaway Beach.'
NEW YORK, Aug. 20.— Rockaway
Beach was swept by a fierce storm to-
day and much damage was done, but
so far as is known no lives were lost.
A tornado swept over Rockaway Park,
blowing down trees, fences and chim
neys and leaving a wreck strewn path
200 feet wide. The wind caught the roof
of the pavilion attached to the Adiron
dack Hotel and the building, was de
molished, but nobody was injured. Por
tions of the wreck were caught up by
the wind and carried a hundred feet
away.
The tornado passed out into Jamaica
Bay, where the wind formed a small
waterspout that grew In proportions as
it passed up the bay, overturning many
of the small , boats anchored in the
channel.
It spent its force against. the railroad
trestle. The tide in Jamaica Bay rose
to an unprecedented height. Thou
sands of tons of sand were cut away
from the beach by the strong cur
rents.
William Smith, the Paying
Teller of Local Savings
Bank, Is Given Dismissal
tally; Ole Swanson, hit on head by fall-
Ing plank, probably fatal; Theo Swit
zer, blown from wagon, seriously in
jured; Mrs. Robert Roringer, caught in
collapsed house in Lafayette avenue,
injured^ internally, may die; Clarence
Strong, machinist, hand crushed: John
Dugan, newspaper man, badly cut
about head by flying glass.
RESTORES COIN,
BUT LOSES JOB
Continued From Page 21, Column 7.
descuibks Tin;: wreck.
Member of Call Staff Tells of His Ex
perience on Trestle.
* E. A. Rogers, an artist, connected
with The Call, was en the 3:15 train,
bound for Santa Cruz. He returned to
Kan Francisco about 11 o'clock last
evening. He states that his train pass
jed the first section of the St. Agnes
picnic train at Alma when his train
was slowly climbing a grade. Suddenly
he felt the wheels grinding on the
brakes and thin felt the shock of the
collision.
"We were all thrown forward against
the seats as the train came to a halt,
but suffered no injury," said Rogers.
/'Hurrying out of the cars, we found
that our train had stopped on a trestle
over a deep creek, where the track
curved around a small hill."
Ropers made his way carefully along
and scarcely able to make the neces
sary utterances, James Bah We Tuk
Yosh. chieftain of the remnants of the
Chippewa tribe, which still live north
of Bay City, Mich., has been married
to Martha G. Nah Shank, who. ac
cording to Indian ceremony, has been
his wife for the past forty years. Bah
We Tuk Yosh owns considerable prop
erty. He is 70 years old and hfs wife
is 53. With death near he wished to
insure his wife's possession of his
goods and chattels.
Although ¦ the couple have married
children, the legal ceremony was neces
sary because the law will not reccs
nize a common law marriage between
Indians. It i3 told that the original
Indian marriage was the greatest event
of the times among Michigan Indians.
time loans aside from the longer pe
riod. The easiness of the London
money market had precluded the prob
ability of any call for money from that
quarter. Interior money markets show
the beginning of the fall demand. But
with a surplus of $60,000,000 in the New
York bank vaults the coming demand
is viewed with equanimity. It is ex
pected that this demand will come up
to the usual volume and the higher
prices ruling for grain and cotton may
swell the usual demand. But possible
future contingencies of this sort are
not of much effect in the face of a \'z
per cent call money rate.
Railroad earnings show a general im
provement and traffic reports speak
hopefully of prospects. This Is a strong
supporting facto'r for stocks.
Demand for bonds has not been ac
tive, but prices have been well main
tained. The 3s coupon and the old 4s
have advanced %, and the 3s registered
% on call since last week.
AWFUL LOSS OF LIFE,
accompanied the excursionists were on
the first section of the train and were
.unable to b<? present to give aid to the
frightened members of therr parish.
A wrecking train was started at once
for the scene of the disaster and the
tracks will be cleared as speedily as
possible. Both locomotives are com
pletely wrecked, as are the forward
and baggage cars of the two trains.
The excursion train, which seems to
have Buffered most from the shock,
W2.B manned by Engineer W. H.
Thompson, Fireman Will Hockins and
Conductor Powers.
Continued From Page 21, Column 0.
Another old California pioneer early
yesterday morning passed away when
Dr. Louis W. Bueh, living at 2108 How
ard street, died of heart failure. A
short time before he expired he com
plained of shortness of breath, but
none present thought the end was so
near. The stroke of death must have
been a gentle and a painless one, as
those arotfhd him did not know just
when the change took place.
Dr. Bush could be called the dean of
dentistry on this coast, as he came
here by way of Panama in 1S54. He
opened an office on Kearny street, near
Clay, which was for some time the only
place where the early San Franciscan
could get relief from dental woes. He
remained in that office room for twen
ty-two years, and in all his half-cen
tury of life in this city he moved his
dental office only three times, and never
off Kearny street.
Dr. Bush was born in Hanover, Ger
many, where he learned his proAssion.
He '.anded in Baltimore in 1847, remain
ing there about six years. He leaves a
wife, one daughter, Mrs. A. F. Kuder,
and two sons, Charles G. and Dr. Fer
dinand Bush, the latter of whom was
associated in the business with his
father. The deceased was a member of
Concordia ¦ Lodge of Odd Fellows, by
whom he will be. burled from* the resi
dence of the family at 2108 Howard
street, Monday afternoon. It was the
doctor's often expressed wish that his
body be cremated after death, and in
this manner the remains will be dis
posed of in Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
* *
over the trestle toward the head of the
train.
"Soon after leaving the trestle and
getting on the ground I came to the
two locomotives standing still and
wrecked," contfnued Rogers. "They
were jammed close against each other,
and the front of each was shattered.
The narrow-gauge engine being the
lighter was badly damaged.
"The tender and a baggage car of
our train had been telescoped. The pas
sengers on the picnic train, badly
scared, were rushing out of the cars.
I sa.w a number who were injured, but
none fatally. There were several phy
sicians among the passengers and they
attended to the injured.
"Our engine was No. 10. The picnic
train was pulled by No. 1376. We were
going slowly and so, I understand, was
the other train, otherwise there would
have been great destruction of life."
A . 4.
Has Practiced Dentistry
Half Century in San
Francisco.
TVEL.L KXOWJT PIONEER DENTIST
WHO PASSED AW AT SUDDENLY
FROM HEART FAILURE.
Special Dispatch to Tfc« Call.
.NEW YORK, Aug. 20.— Just exactly
how Governor Odell acquired hia
J200.000 worth of bonds of the defunct
United States Shipbuilding Company
•was told to-day. The statement is
made without qualification that his suit
for the. recovery of the money thus In
vested will not be settled, as was the
euit brought by Kavanaugh.
According to the statements made to
••day by one of the principal defendants
in the Governor's suit, the Governor on
three separate occasions told the nten
' who were promoting the deal that he
wanted to come in. He was told that
these men did not guarantee the 8uc
\ cess of the project, but he said he knew
c "all about the scheme and was satisfied
that It was a good one. He telephoned
one Saturday morning in the spring
cf 1902 to J. T. Boothroyd, Charles B.
Alexander's secretary, that he wanted
to get hold of some of the shipyard
bondf ; he reiterated this statement at
the home of Boothroyd in Newburg late
that day and again the following Mon
day, by long distance telephone at
noon,' when he was in Albany.
The Governor stated to Colonel Mc-
Cook and to Boothroyd. they declared,
that he wanted to get about $200,000
, -worth cf 5 per cent thirty-year first
mortgage bonds of ftte United States
Bhiribuilding Company. He was told
the American underwriting of $3,000,000
was already completed, but he insisted,
.It is asserted, and then Boothroyd' went
to Lewis Nixon and asked him if he
.wxmld relinquish some ot his holdings
for the Governor, and John W. Young
was similarly asked if he would part
with seme of his bonds. Both agreed
to do so.
The prospectus of April 19, 1902, the
original scheme for Invoking subscrip
tions and the underwriting agreement,
together with $200,000 worth of the
"bones, were delivered to Governor Odell
at Xewburg. It is understood that he
"farmed out" practically his entire
holdings and one of his closest friends
•in Xewburg is said to have had to
mortgage his house to pay for his pro
portion of the subscriptions as they
¦wero called for under the terms of the
underwriting agreement.
-WRECK 01- SANTA. CRUZ ROJO
NEW YORK, Aug. 20.— Yesterday's
profit taking was in continued evidence
in to-day's stock market. Resistance
was offered to "the decline until the
fears of the renewed wheat market
weakened the grangers and turned
prices In general downward in sympa
thy, v
United Spates Steel preferred was de
terminedly supported in the early deal
ings, In spite of the further reports of
unsettled conditions in the traders.
Traders were suspicious of a specula
tive origin of some of the damaging
reports in the steel trade developments,
and profess to detect a very large un
covered Interest in United States Steel
preferred. These factors have a deter
rent effect on plans to attack the stock
by short sales. Pennsylvania also was
conspicuously firm, and the anthracite
coal carriers showed good resistance
under the favorable influence of a re
ported agreement on a plan for the
settlement of differences between min
ers and operators in that trade. A vio
lent break in Metropolitan Securities,
which carried Metropolitan Street Rail
way down with It, gave added force to
the reaction, and the late weakening
of the grangers caused the whole list to
give way. The leading grain-carriers
all lost in the neighborhood of a point.
A fractional rally was interrupted by a
further drop in Metropolitan Securities,
and the closing was irregular.
The bank statement furnished no sur
prises. The moderate expansion made
up an important part of the increased
receipts, but there was a sufficient cash
increase to more than keep pace with
the additional requirement, thus add
ing $882,775 to the already abundant
surplus.
Total sales of bonds, par value, $1,
225,000.
RELICTION RESISTED.
The stock market this week has been
Irregular, and at times quite weak, but
reactions have been resisted and over
come, although the general course of
prices has been upward. This was in
face of some heavy selling to take
profits and against the sentiment of a
large part of the professional operators,
who have looked constantly for a nat
ural reaction in view of the duration
and extent of the rise, which went be
fore. Some of the week's news has of
fered a rather formidable prospect to
holders of securities, but this was also
ignored, and offerings of stocks were
steadily absorbed up to the higher level
attained by prices.
The crop news of the week has been
distinctively unfavorable to stocks, al
though the opinion of the outlook in
the financial- district has not gone the
length of the, disastrous conditions re
ported in the grain markets and effec
tive in the excited speculation there.
The material reduction in the wheat
crop which has resulted in the dam
age from rust, however, is generally
admitted and the extent to which this
may go is recognized to be a factor for
future determination. Even more im
portance is attached to the. corn crop
for it3 promise of an effective offset to
the unpromising qutlook for wheat.
P'oreign shortages of wheat are looked
to to stimulate a large demand for corn,
so that a bis crop of that cereal will
play an important part in the year's
prosperity of the country. The week's
misgivings over the progress of that
crop was therefore a serious factor in
the stock market. Reports of deteriora
tion from lack of moisture were re
ceived with much anxiety and the dan
ger still to come of harm from frost to
corn was a restraining Influence on
speculation. The gravity of the. situa
tion in the steel trade is also freely
conceded. Price cuts already author
ized in that trade have offered a basis
for industrious calculation as to the
direct effect on the earnings of the
United States Steel Corporation. Be
yond that direct result is the effect to
be expected in including a waiting at
titude on the part ot thff 'consumers,
whose indisposition to make commit
ments on a falling market or with a
chance for lower prices will naturally
follow.
AVILLi CONTEST MARKET..
The purpose of the United States
Steel Corporation to prevent a profit to
the Pennsylvania Company from its
acquisition of steel billets at a reduc
tion of $1 a ton from the association
price is clearly indicated and the pur
pose of that company to contest the
market for wire products is avowed.
Meantime the existence of pools ami
agreements for maintaining prices of
other finished steel products is felt to
be menaced, with the possible* exception
of steel rails. While this condition has
not been without some effect, although
a moderate one, in the United States
Steel stocks and those of some of the
Independent steel companies, the sym
pathetic effect on the general market
has been surprisingly small. Trouble in
the New York trades was extended
and the meat packers'- strike was still
a subject of daily attention and discus
sion.
That prices of stocks should contirtue
to make headway against a combina
tion of disturbing influences in this
way has been a cause of surprise and
of some suspicion of manipulation by
parties of professional operators. Ma
nipulation evidence in some cases has
been rather flagrant, in fact," but the
"success of this manipulation was in it
self proof of a strong underlying condi
tion in the market which ¦ made the
bears ' among the professionals very
timid about attacking the market.
That the supply of stocks for sale was
very small is a very palpable fact- j | No
liquidation of importance has been in
duced at any stage, aside from some
speculative profit-taking, which was
readily absorbed. Vt.'vV* ~~
MONEY MARKET EASY.
The condition of the money market
offers a strong attraction for the hold
ing of stocks. The call loan rate has
ranged from 1 per cent to % per cent
and there is practically no demand for
Two Holders Relinquish a
Portion of Their Shares
on Behalf of Executive
Foreign Shortages of Wheat
Are Looked To to Stimu
late Large Corn Demand
EAGER TO BUY STOCK
GRAIN CAERIEES LOSE
•^Defendant in the Shipyards
Suit Says the Governor
Insisted Upon Getting In
Fears of Eenewed Wheat
Market Weaken Grangers,
Causing Downward Trend
JOKE APPEARS
TO BE ON ODELL
STOCK MARKET
IS 1RREGDLAR
DR. LOUIS
BUSH DIES
SUDDENLY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 21. 190A
26
/|§|^ Men
if ffi &W 1 ¥ CURE a!1 -
w J&< i\ I cases o f
\s/S^Sp & " w E A K -
TURE, VARICOCELE. SPECI-
FIC BLOOD POISON, NER-
VOUSNESS. CONTRACTED
DISORDERS. KIDNEY and
BLADDER TROUBLES and re-
flex complications and associate
diseases, quickly and permanently.
Strictly Sellable.
More Tiiaa 17 Y«ari' Success
Consultation 7re9 &t OZlce or
by Mall.
I MAKE NO MISLEADING STATE-
MENTS or deceptive propositions to Us*
afflicted, neither do I promise to cure
them IN A FEW DATS In oi\ler to secure
thei»- rjatronaB*", but I runrar.tee a COM-
PLETR. SAFE AND LASTING Ct'RH !r.
the QUICKEST POSSIBLE TIME without
leaving Injuries after effects In the srsterr.
anrt at the lowest co«t possible for HON-
EST, SKILLFUL. and SUCCESSFUL
TREATMENT.
I HAVE CURED MORE MEN THAN
any other physician on the coast. Mr
treatments are more rational, more mi*l-
ern and more effective than any othtr
physician practicing in the West. M>
treatment glve« vlrn, \Ikct. vitality,
strength and ambition to weak and de-
spondent men. your.s or old. married or
single. r**ardlera of th? cause o£ their
trouble.
THUS SXLA.SOSABX.S. — X do
not want any bbb to I eel tiat lie
Is uaaftla to pay me, as I always
arxaaarc ay tersia in payments to
suit Oeir conveaience, and doutit-
ln<r PATIEKTS MH7 TBEATUtT-
th. cxraEP siroas payxko.
If you cannot call, write for question list
and FREE BOOK describing my specialty.
Correspondence confidential.
C. K. H0LSMAN, M. D.
729 IfASZST ST. (Top PlOWf).
Hours— 9 to S daily; 9 to 12 Sunday*.
'¦_'_ :\^.. : ........ VW1/U)^ w)n^^^ r^^r^s^^^J,, \ ...'¦
¦ ¦ -^^-^- . • '¦".. • .¦ ¦ __^ ¦-¦-'- ¦ . • .' ~ , » *" "
Hvi ) . *1^7^v3^^2^^^BW^v» *'.» ... , ••# . *• *\^^^^^^^^^^ CvhS . AwnMR ~ fiuMElfllOGBk BB&^BBa .J^SjGuC^a ff^&£?%3u *^»T*^^\
BKIi'^;; fiTiif*' f ¦! . ' .•,*.;••." . • «•• .. ;I.tm^^9^^^ M1 ogH naMgH HJAJV. KS1 XWlt 3*033 E&Ji^vtHQ IWfianSPAllgl'HHl WWljgt BCfiSCSa SHcSSJ*^ ¦' %Z- <•/*#<¦ >',4fl«
JMI^^N^'m^.^/iVj^miij^mj^^^^^ n^BS fl^^S ' hB^BS9mHIO n&SBf nP^Sr EBaWPNIP BTWlPlwWrVnTirMj^fcSjLTJKh -. ¦* ¦ [ |^ >^hi^^ j 4i^rT*r'T M *rTVf J
M . To-day's news of vital importance to householders. We 4 have inaugurated a permanent economy salesroom, where SAM- pj
I PLES, ODD PIECES and DISCONTINUED PATTERNS will be placed on sale AT ENORMOUS REDUCTIONS. Handling
H the enormous quantities of goods that we do, odd pieces accumulate rapidly, which, while they are new, and thoroughly depend- j
|| able, will be placed in this great salesroom to make room for new patterns arriving daily. Following are a few of to-morrow's I
H bargains. Hundreds of others equally tempting. No discounts will be given from economy prices. All goods marked in plain F
H figures. , ' !.
1 |S3 _ Parlor Svits, Divans, Covches fUZZ^i
§3 • ~ """ . Regular Economy Regular Economy H
H 1 Price Price. Price. Price. - ' v *"* U
H |&||a85^ Three-Piece Parlor Suit, mahogany$ 150.00 $7J>. 50 Turkish Couch, oak frame, velour >e*5$3SS5v M
I Jllll? Three-Piece, Suit, velour cover 55.00. 30.00 ChaVr" ' b\>dseVe* mapVe" "ve^ $27 ' S ° 9=1 * 50 I
Eg >»BglHr Divan, mahogany frame, velour lour cushions. ... : 2^.50 13.73 §
H C^M'^^ cover 40.00 '-:."..7r> Gj] t Chair, silk damask cover 27.50 l-\r»O %y^^i-v |
I 2si| Dressers, Chiffoniers, Bed Room Suits M& I
M d&!i&*^ Regular Economy Regular Economy f
gj . . Price. Price. • , Price. Price. f
H /<fSBSBE&^ Three-Piece Bedroom Suit, solid Chiffonier, mahogany finish, beve! f!i2H&8S05! K
I V^% oak golden....... 39.50 25.OO plate mirror $3500 $27.50 JPjSglpSJ §
H wf3b*S& Two-Piece Suit, solid oak, golden Dresser. quartered oak. golden, ||§itl i
M BKT^SfrL finish, selected wood 50.00 34.73 bevel plate mirror 4000 2.1.75 jESSJStL I
§ WB Chiffonier golden oak, quarter- . . Dresser, mahogany, massive in dc- jTS**^ N
&1 v Msll»^ i:^ sawed, bevel plate mirror 40.00 24.75 s ig n 56.^0 42.25 H
§ Hl» Brass, Iron and Folding Beds JIIll I
H /^eH^W Regular Economy Regular Economy >a^^^
I Brass bed, double J^-in. post, large __ Enamel Bed, brass top rails and
I knobs $4-2.50 i?2J).7*» vases, three-quarter $15.00 §9.75 *
1 "fpglga Brass Bed, bent post, fancy scroll, Enamel Bed. color pink. three- S
1 three-quarter 75-OO 57.5O quarter size, brass and iron 22.50 15.75 jj
B asjp^^a Brass Bed, double, fancy scroll... 87.50 57.50 Mantel Folding Bed, golden oak.. 30.00 21.75 /g^CZ^ i
I llm? China Closets, Side Boards, Extension Tables 18111 i
s t&ja, j^o^ii. . •' Regular Economy Regular Economy ¦^T^ji ~<
j &&&¦ c^pSc3 >s Sideboard, golden oak. quarter- __ Extension Table. R feet draw,- £
j uro-ttT^ .-awed, bevel plate mirror $100.00 $03.75 round top, highly polished $jo.co £12.75 ''
llngr 1 Buffet, quartered oak. golden fin- .... Ladi , cs ." Desks, golden oak, highly ggfc j
I W*S?t ish. beautifully finished 60.00 43.75 polished, artistic design .. v 15.00 »...> M W$ £
d €&$KK|pS5!k Ladies Desk, mahogany hnish, .. »¦££ wi*?* £.
i Extension Table, 6-in. draw, quar- .... conveniently divided, beautiful- . . *i»&M£#t& },
* /¦Sff# 2 *|!ff)K tered oak, golden finish..' 1950 12.75 ly finished 32.50 2-1.75 fj^^-j^^s
I Sif Carpels, Linoleums, Oil Cloths t
\ _ Several choice patterns in ready-made Carpets, t a.; well as Linoleums and Oilcloth. Bring the size of pfM^t^ ! £
I I -—,^SSf^r your rodln. You may find just what you need. ' fc
1 SSvSliM^if Go'fc's purchased now will be stored in ou • immense warehouse at B uxome. \ i?th nn ! XT^^c^v j-
! p^fflEESsjilV Towns nd 8f eets, ?re: of cl-arsje til wanted. llis~5L I
\ \ RENTING DEPARTMENT Will save you time THE REGAL RANGE. A masterpiece of mechani- *«^s|& |
i I8SaneS52522 and t ro "t» ll!% - Hun- : cat genius. \\ 1!! save its r^^— *^"* aC 3 &
".....<} dreds of houses and flats listed. Service absolutely cost in fuel. Dollar down and a dollar a week. _ " ""'iriST^ g
3 " "" free. ' . ' ft
! wiW'myjyraitnra&A. .. - - .- ' ?f|. r . 1f i,u.j^f*l'—~Q fj;
ADVERTISEMENTS.
says the highwayman to his victim. There is a safer
way to "make" money. Thomas W. Lawson explains
in the clearest, simplest manner the heretofore abstruse
subject of High Finance, in the September number of
%/%agazme
Last month thousands waited for 2d Edition
GET YOURS NOW
The edition of the July number of Evthybodt's Magazine was 300,000 copies
and all sold out in a few days. For August, 350,000. We are printing 425,000
for September in th& hope of supplying the demand. Sold on all news-stands.A safe robbery isn't always as safe
as it sounds %
The' famous Excelsior diamond,
which was discovered by Captain Ed
Jorgansen in South Africa, is now at
Amsterdam, where it will be cut and
polished. It weighs 971 carats and is
the largest in the world. Its value is
£1,000.000.
FRESNO, Aug. 20.— The Republican
County Convention to-day went solidly
for Thomas R. Bard for United States
Senator, there being little opposition to
the Rowell faction in the assembly of
delegates. The Bard programme was'
fixed, and from start to finish there
was hardly a murmur raised against
the proceedings. The convention adopt
ed resolutions pledging the delegates
and commending Bard on his stand on
the Panama canal and his efforts in
promoting the enterprise. He also was
commended for his stand on the oil and
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU, HOTEL BARTON,
WASHINGTON, Aug. 20.— Sir Chentung
Liang Cheng, the Chinese Minister,
took occasion to-day to dispel the gen
eral oelief that the loss of a queue
necessarily ostracizes a Chinese social
ly and religiously in his native land.
The question came up in connection
with the recent organization in Wash
ington and other American cities of
chapters of the Bow Wcng Foy Society,
which has tor its object the reforma
tion of China. Many Chinese who
joined the society have been cutting off
their queues, and the action has caused
considerable comment.
Bpeciml Dispatch to The Call.
Kowell Faction Wins Easy
Victory Over Opponents at
the .Republican Convention
Minister Chentung Says It
Does Not Mean Social
Ostracism to" a Chinese
FRESNO COUNTY
OUT FOR BARD
LOSS OF QUEUE
IS NOT SERIOUS
The nominations for Supervisors In
the Sixtieth and Sixty-first Districts
were wl\hout a contest. They are as
follows: Second District, E. J. Mitch
ell; Third District, Archie Grant; Fifth
District, W. D. Mitchell.
The following delegates to the State
Convention in Santa Cruz were chosen:
Sixtieth— Warren Munger, J. H. Beeeh
er, Axtel Johnson, James Cottle, J. S.
Manley, Ralph Taylor, J. W. Aiken;
Sixty-first— At. D. Dowling, E. T. Rose.
W. O. Breyfogle, E..N. 'Dineen, H. U.
Coon. • • ' . ' •, .
mining Industries, and especially that
on behalf of the California fruit.
\It was an easy victory and there Is
rejoicing In the ranks of the Bard men
to-night. At the primaries a week ago
some fight was made against the Row
ell faction, but that opposition had lost
its Identity by to-day and it was not
heard from.
W. F. Chandler of Selma received the
nomination for Assemblyman from the
Sixtieth District over J. O. Traber by a
decisive vote of 95 to 24. Chandler is a
strong Bard man. This was the only
semblance of a contest in the conven
tion and the Rowell men came out of it
with an overwhelming victory.
A. M. Drew was unanimously nomi
nated for re-election In the Sixty-first
District. 1
The age of the Sierra Nevada ¦
Mountains, the youngest of the Ameri-
can ranges, is estimated at 3,000.000
years by Professor Lawson of the Unl-
versity of California.
White bread supplies more avail
able' nutrients to the body that bread
made from graham, entire wheat or
any other kind of flour milled at th«
present time. .
"There is & great deal of misappre
hension among Western people," "said
the Chinese Minister, "regarding the
queue. Stories have circulated for
years that the loss of his queue meant
ostracism to a Chinese in his own coun
try and eternal perdition hereafter.
That is not tnle. There is nothing In
the religious or moral requirements of
the Government affecting the habit of
queue wearing. It is entirely a matter
of individual custom and preference.
The Chinese wear queues because of
continuous habit. Many Chinese, even
in China, have cut off their queues
without exciting remark.
"In Mexico the Chinese, as a rule,
are discarding their Oriental habits and
costumes and are Intermarrying with
Mexicans. They cut off their queues,
become Mexican citizens and are fast
becoming a present factor In the de
velopment of that country."
HONOLULU, Avg. 6. — The Hono
lulu Gas Company has incorporated to
supply gas to homes and business
houses here under a franchise granted
fcy the last Legislature and approved
t»y Congress. There is at present no
gas supply in the city, electricity be
ing almost exclusively used in resi
dences. The company has a capital
clock of $200,000. San Francisco
capital is understood to be interested.
Gas Supply for Honolulu.
BOSTON, Aug. SO.— Apathetic feature
cf Grand Army of the Republic week
has been the "personal" advertisements !
inserted in the local papers. To-day !
appeared the following relating to
Golden State visitors:
"It Is my desire to know if among any
cf the California veterans there is a j
Michael Lynch, who was born in Coor- '
a -Clare. County Clare. Ireland, and ;
who left the home of Dick Pyne and j
went to California, after he had fought I
in the Civil War and lived at the Sac
ramento Hotel In California, and moved
frcm there to Little Rock Creek, Cali
fornia. He has not been heard from
«lnc«. Mother died- Any information
regarding him will be thankfully re
ceived by hia niece, Mary Ellen Lynch,
140 Orms street. Providence, R. I."
"I am trying to learn the whereabouts
cf my brother, Charles S.Welton, whom
I have not Been since he enlisted In 1S61
at the age cf 17 years. He Berved
throughout the war as a teaman in the
navy. After the war he went to Cali
fornia to work for a railroad company.
All of his enlistments were made at the
Charlestown Navy Yard. Mrs. Helen
E. McClellan, 22 Broad street, Qulncy
Point, Mass."
"If this ehould meet the eye of John
Farrell, formerly of Boston, who went
to California after the war and who
lived on Nassau street. Boston, with
his wife and three children. I should ;
like to have him write to me. His j
wife's name was Campbell. She Is dead j
and also his son, Robert A., but Rob- j
rrt'e wife Is living and would like to J
find him if he Is alive. He went out!
w.ith a company from Cincinnati, Ohio, j
as a bugler. Mrs. Robert A Farrell, 685 [
Main street, Cambridge, Mass."
SpeciaJ Dispatch to Th« Call.
"Personal" Advertisement*
in Boston Papers Tell Pa
thetic Tales in Few Word;
ARE SEEKING
LOST FRIENDS
ir.sr. street and alley. All soldiers ar
ordered now to remain in camp am
passes are forbidden.
Sergeant William Blessing" is lm
proved, but the attending army phy
sieians still question his recovery. Th
rest of the men are improving.
Guards to-day patrolled every build
ATHENS. Ohio. Aug. 20.— This dtj
end Camp Herri ck were quiet to-day
although there was much commen
over tha clash during the night be
tween the United States troops and th<
Ohio National Guard. During the weel
there waj much feeling between th<
two classes, especially when militia
men on provost guard duty arrestec
regulars and took them back to camp
Governor Herrick, Major Genera
Dick, Adjutant General Critchneld
General IVilllam McMaken and other;
are. making a thorough investigation o;
the affair, while the Coroner is ar
ranging for the Inquest on the death o:
Corporal Charles Clark.
Governor Herrick said the flight wa:
not the result of any feeling of thi
regulars as a w hole against the guards
men, but was the work of rowdies fron
the regular troops.
General Dick said a report was re
ceived .at headquarters detailing th<
arrest- of nine men of the Fourteentl
liefriment of regulars.
WASHINGTON, Augr. 20.— The Secre
tary of Wax to-day directed that Di
vision Commander General Bates make
full and complete investigation of the
clash last night between the soldiers oi
the regular army and the members ol
the militia In camp near Athens, Ohio,
¦when Corporal Charles Clark wai
killed and three other members of the
.National Guard injured- The Secretarj
noted the press dispatches concerning
j.he affair and did not -wait for an of
ficial report before taking action.
Clesh.es between regular soldiers ani
members of the militia who are it
camps of instruction together are o:
rare occurrence, and it Is the intentior
of the Tear officials to put forth even
effort to eee that the soldiers of th<
regular army so deport themselves as
to reduce to the smallest possible per
centage any chance of a dlQculty be
tween them,
• Nine Soldiers of the Offend
ing Fourteenth Infantry
Are Placed Under Arrest
CAMP HEBRICK QULE1
. War Department, to Investi
gate the Battle Betweer
'. ?Begulars and Ohio Guard*
TAFT ORDERS
FULL INQUIRY
THE SAN KKANCASCU CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 21, 190#.
27
PRAGERS l FRAGERS I PRAGERS ; PRAGERS - I ... PRAGERS -| PRAGERS
1 "^?r sgr] Interest in Pragers Becoming More Intense Ev^ry Day | SsSyS^
These Final Days Will Be Busiest,; Bargains Will -Be the Most Noteworthy
For this week's offering there will be found a great deal of advanced fall and winter merchandise included i 1 the Reduction Sale! that are now being conducted
throughout all departments of this store. Every purchase means a saving.
Advance Showing of Fall Dress, T^ IP £ v New Fall Patterns in Flannels and
Goods and Silks / Hr^titiirm^ Domestics
THE interest of shoppers in this department is shown by . p! B lN® H H W^ B Ym Hn H f E immensit . v ot our st °ck of these goods will not permit
the heavy buying that has been done the past week. To- / | %H fy %-^^%^ %> 4^ 1 of a "y adequate description here— we merely can give a
morrow (Monday) we have arranged" a series of specials U| >^Jr * *^ I S idea of the values.
that are certain to prove tremendous drawing power. The ma- , 15 "^ ATWAY « rci iari f i TENNIS FLANNELS 8%c a Yard,
terials show the newest ideas. , 1 ALWAM KtLiABLt This grade of Flannel is made especially for night dresses, pajamas,
DRESS GOODS. ' 1238' 1250 MARKET ST.^U etc - ctc - The colors are cashable and the patterns new this season.
4 °c "^Ml^^^0^^ir^^ black; vcry AU the Shoppina Indvccmcnts that have made this store * p««y.^^^^^^a\^^^^^^
CO, 33-inch all-wool Henrietta, in all street and evening shades; for popular aTC Still here trappers^tcf" '' * I ' *
waists and children's wear; there is nothing better. i * KIMONA CLOTH 15c a Yard.
48C 38-inch all-wpol Batiste, in many pretty colorings; a soft, clingy f\\jr* KuVCr YiTtK UK tTI?iriVTlP'W nTPCP^ This is one of the best values we ever offered in a new fleeced back
m material, which plaits or shirrs beautifully. WV1 iJv^ll AlU^ ZVM V^ UlUliy UCW piC^tg^ flanneJ (yard wide); aU are *^ designs and have a heavy raised cord
7Z- 45-inch V r oile. in all the popular shades, cream and black. An. « ... - __. . . . woven through.
lt;w excellent value at the price. 01 WOUldl S WCarillg ApDQrel GERMAN EIDERDOWN 2Oc a Yard.
AQr All-wool Granite, in shades of gray ? mode, brown, tan, cardinal, — . = i_i This is a well-known material and is the best grada of tha real
blue, navy and black; 45 inches-wide; a serviceable suit for street \ /E had not expected to show any new fall and winter styles German Eiderdown that sells generally at 35c It is especially good for
wear. W in women's garments until the opening of the new depart- dressing jackets, wrappers, lounging and bath robes.
59C 38-inch Mixed Suitings; all the new ideas for fall and at very V V ment j n a s h or t time. We have received a big shipment, WOOL WAISTINGS 25c a Yard.
reasonable P"«s npP «« rnnnk however, and are giving you this early advantage of purchasing A 5t .™tly all-wool Waisting. 38 inches wide, which comes fa tJi«
7 C, 4 8-inch all-wool I5A C G.2Sf.f a^made to wear; our reg- the most up-to-date ideaYat almost one-half the feal valiTes. Don't %£/££ «£ Ino' SSJf&d&ST "* "^
lt7V ular price is $1.00. This .is an excellent value. tail to visit our display rooms this week. _ BATH TOWELS 15o.
i= c 45-inch Black Voile; would be cheap at the regular price, 69c a SHIRT WAISTS. A pyre -white heavy Bath Towel (large size). There are only a htm-
™ w yard. Reduced to this low price for one day only. CO. 7Q C QC^. Cl iC i ft *7 Eft About 1500 beautiful Lawn Waists in the dred dozen in this lot and it is a great value.
SILKS. 38C lyC, *M3 1O WW prettiest sty i es an d patterns shown this _„- - qT7F C o M l?nttTPK<! 81 OO
Ofir 27-inch Guaranteed Black Taffeta; unlined; this is our $1.25 qual- season are now ready for you at special prices (in many cases less than _. . - . , u . A •„{/ « / j •« ,- j *n a _J%^
W itv silk; woven selvedge; we have only a limited quantity, so half price). There are many different styles; some are plain tailored; Th |f .Comforter » covered with nice figured «lkoline and fiHed with
come early to procure some. • others handsomely inserted with lace and embroidery insertion. They P u . rc whlt « sanitary cotton It is large enough for double beds. We havti
"O 2 , inrh Cream Satin- a -ood aualitv for lining etc • reeular orice a11 have P rettv collars and the latest' full sleeves. The real values are other S° od v * Iues at J P 1 ' & "» 9^««« and 9^.00.
58C f - c a va^rd * quality lor linings, etc., regular price ?j $j CALIFORNIA BLANKETS $4.5O.
' n , i- ili >» 't- a . ¦ it 1 j vi . T « * i SHIRT WAIST SUITS. This blanket is for a double bed and is two yards wide and finished
58C 3^SSnSiS5 fa mSt"--?? vard" «lk? ; * "^ ffi S^ 3Hf1 $Q QS Some "tremely pretfy silk and Sicilian Shirt Waist ,with a heavy 3-inch silk binding-it has a long, fleecy nap.
" w silk tor fall, as good zs most /3 c a yard silks. $5.83 aild Suits in , ain y polkz dots figures and checks ; other grades sell from 50c to $20.00 and including every ttyl*
. Every one is well made and neatly trimmed. The usual prices are oi blanket manufactured.
I /ir*oc Fine Lace Ciirt*ains,. from $15.00 to $17.50. bed spreads 91.50.
AwUV^O — c TAILORED SUITS. This is a heavy Marseilles Colored Bed Spread. The same thing is
!*Or* Tfcl 95 i\X On i(\ $17 15 Here i s an assortment of beautiful suits at prices that to be had with a fringe'at 91.75, and there are other grades at 9— «SO,
81 Yard— There are a great * w * **" fio.70 w «pii.w win surprise you Some of thcm have only bccn in the and 9-*«5O. These are all the real Mitcheline Spreads, which
?O many different patterns of These curtains have never been store a few hours, and are direct from the East. They represent thc are warranted fast color.
3^ v ri VI nr>nn<.« sold m this citv at less than 2<5 ° choicest of this season's styles, showing advanced fall and winter PILLOW CASES lOc.
v aienciennes an d some at $3.00 a pair. They are ideas. The material and style of materials are so varied that you . These are made from a good grade of sheeting, 45x36 inches, and
and Torchon Laces to make 3-our imported curtains and are shown must see them to appreciate them. The usual prices are from $22.50 are wor th $1.50 a dozen.
selection from. All of the laces in an immense variety of the lat- to $30.00. j DOUBLE SHEETS 33o
are from, to 3 H inches wide and 9^^^^^^^^^^^^ „
can be used for a thousand and tQ in B chcs wide J and fe yards are Eton> Military, Eton Blouse, half-fitting and tight-fitting backs. 5QC but while they last we will sell them at 33c.
one'' different thing?. Our sale i ong an( j CO me in white, ecru and Every one different from the other, but all are beautifully tailored, f c ».« u r> • c»
price is exceedingly low. \rabian. ! and the jackets silk-lined. The regular selling price is from $30.00 $2.00 Sofa Cushion jave mOIiey DV DUymg 3UI-
1 - ' to $35.00. ST. LOUIS TOURIST COATS. — ,. .J -/p.,^.,
Women's and Children's Underwear and Hosiery $505 $745 $12 45 ~ $17 45 Mad . e of fancy cheviot Mixtures; a big r\n~ uoncry at pragcrs
_ . y«/./«, yi. iv, v'^iv, v'1-iw variety of patterns; single and double PAr \| /f* TW T nT"P th» er»TAn^;^ i^rtV. «
IX this department are some of the greatest bargains offered breasted; loose backs, prettily strapped; 42 inches long; turned-back * V* ' K w JM ir ' uie 5 P ienaia pncea
during this sale, preliminary to the moving to upper cuffs - The real values are $8.50. $12.50, $1745 and $22.50. * on staple articles.
floors J > SAMPLE SILK PETTICOATS. These Cushions are made in 4<j_-Letter and note size Ink
. VESTS. $4.95, $5.95 and $11.95 T , his £ a s * m P l * line of Pj. nk ' H ? ht an . d d ? rk beautiful new Oriental designs. Tablet.
IV Mercerized, low neck and sleeveless vests; Swiss ribbed, very elas- „ , c c- [ r> b f C ' b J ow Z\ tan ' grcen> m< J d . e> 11" s , e and Ot u h ? r Thev are the same on both sides, * c — l * T Z* Pcnc ' 1 Tablet.
** C tic and extra long lengths. They have silk draw strings around the pretty colors of S.Ik Petticoats There are also plain black and white lhcv are th « 9am « on °^ " 4c_Stiff cover Composition Book,
neck and armholes and come in colors of pink, blue and white. oncs ', some accordeon pleated, some with ruffles, and many hand- hare a pretty silk cord running Kc Ib ._ Hur lb a rt's Kara Linen
iuttct im r»r>A«nri?Q ' somely trimmed with laces and lace insertions. Made of the finest around them and bows at all Paper.
mm 1- • r i-> musuw UKAWtKO. and best Taffeta Silk. There are probably not two alike. All have , rtrni . re ThN rmhion in a decided a ok*s 25c_HurIbuTt's Para
50C t-xtra sizes of Drawers made especially for stout people They de dust rufflcs> The r Iar ,^ ar c*$8.oo, $a 5 o, up to $25.00. corner " This cushion is a decided L^f n S - EnveIope , "o Match.
€>ww are of good, heavy muslin; have a deep 7-mch ruffle, finished with _, £ TArifFTC ornament, to any house and at the na£ u~ «;ljSi,Z.J» t ;„-« t>.«—
j three rows of tucks. These drawers are considered a good value - « QE .^rtt « It was J only Saturday that we received this low P^ce we are asking there aH^iTelafe^ shades ? Cannot
25c Pa^These are Children's Muslin Dra,.rs, cut extra long and full %£.& ff^'dSSSS £"£ %Z tt^ &ZS?" S^5
and I trimmed with a hemstitched ruffle 3 inches wide. They are during the season than anything we have carried. The styles are dif- ° nC ° f mOrC ' : J^J^
made to ht ch.ldren from 2 to 14 years of age. • fcrcnt-some tight-fitting, others half-fitting, and some strapped with -. , . , .
mm ,-.., . ,. • c - UISJ . lurg oulis». : belt effects. All are nicely tailored and stitched and have- satin and ROVV ClOTjlUnff
23C Chl l dr , ens \ nion Su ' t? - «| ecru color; are fleece lined, have high ¦ linin Th „ , arlv f or $9.50 to $15.00. OU^^ V^l^Umtl^
tuv neck, long sleeves and ankle length.. They have a drop seat and arc J - SKIRTS "
considered a fine, waan garment for children from 2 to 10 years $ - q p m. Q - $ , ,- „ grKcsc prices 'give you the finest showing fn The StOCk Of Q Large EaSteiTi MamrfaCtPTer Qt OUT
old. Ihe regular price of these garments is 35c.'- $0.V3, $4.V3 $0.4D, v V.y3 rh-Viots Ftaminrs Srrpr^ Panama Cloth ' ZTZ
r*tJTT rMJirM'c tirkCTTrov » i^iamincs, merges,- 1 anaina - Dm^M
.«* r» ¦ • £ 1 ? ?. 1? u 1 » ; i t\ 1 u^j ui and Fancy Mixtures ever shown in -San Francsico. They have from . OWI\ FHCO
IO C Pair-Ch,ldren S Black Cotton Hose, absolutely fast color; has double 7 to 32 gores; there is a big assortment of styles and colors, at al- *^ T f 4 r
heel and toe and are extra warm and elastic. This s a good value most half-price. ' $5.00 and $7.50 SmtS 111 TwoLotsfOP
at 15c and can be had in all sizes. It is the first time they have v ¦ <»»^»>*^ »***¦>« h*» ««^w w
17!- b pl"r-aiTldrens Black Cotton ixi Ribbed Lisle Finished Hose. TllCSC OlfCrillgS III KltCheil and HOUSehold $2.45 OI\d S3. 45
i-2v "They are clastic and extra long; have double heel, toe and knee. ¦ : '
It is a rcenlar 20c hose. UtcnSllS IllCan Something XT EVER has there been such a sale in Boys' Clothing as we
" Women's Veiling, Stock and Turn Over Collars T wilI pav you to investigatc the reduction5 tllat ,, ave bcen IN % ™£^J^t£« t Sb4?£3£52£.
You will find all the latest patterns and colors here. I niade on every one of the items presented for sale beginning and t i iere f ore t i iese buying opportunities should be doubly
VEILINGS. Monday. Every article is useful ; every price is the lowest. d To f ac iii tat e the handling of shoppers we have arranged
70r S9c, $1.00,91.25 and *l.r»O each-All the Veilings and Hat OUR $1.25 WASH BOILER FOR 70f. the stock in such a wav and employed extra salesmen that
I7W Drapes that we are showing m this sale have just been received from This is a special offerinjr and consists of a heavy blocked tin Wash _,, b wait " 1 uoon ouicklv We anticipate biff
New York— fashion's center— by express. They are in the very Boiler having a copper bottom. It has been on our counters at $1.25. every one ma> De waitea upon quiCKij. vvc auuup^tc 1*5
- latest colors and combinations. 2.">c FOR A 35c BROOM. crowds, and an early visit to our store will insure a wider aelec-
STOCKv COLLARS. • This is a very good Parlor Broom, well made and of excellent straw. tion. We guarantee perfect fitting on every garment.
/JZf All of our 35c and 50c stock collars have been reduced for this The price cannot be surpassed. " SAILOR NORFOLKS.
L ™ sale. They come in silk, lawn, Swiss and lace. Every one of them ; ; » ><Jc BUYS AN 85c STEEL DISHPAN. % +» .* Every one of these suits is prettily trimmed and made of Wool
very dainty and in most up-to-date styles. This is one of the best made dishpans on the market. It is of Royal fLAd Serges fancy and Blue Cheviots, Tweeds and Scotches. Every
TURN-OVER COLLARS. Steel Enamel Ware and holds 17 quarts. Every woman who has had one of " these suits is WO rth at least $500
1= r " These collars are made of the best quality of lawn and finished ¦ an >' experience in housework realizes this bargain . \ SAILOR SUITS.
¦"*'* with embroidery, Valenciennes lace and insertion and hemstitching. USc FOR A 90c RICE BOILER. ._ 1^5,. Suits are the regular $6.50 and $7.50 values, and ara
They sell always for 25c and a*; each. This description tells but little of the real worth of this offer. This fO.W made o f thc very fi nest Serges and Tweeds. Every garment
i W boiler is double-coated Royal Steel Enamel, o Ware and is a mast desirable bears the stamp of the finest workmanship and finish. The
. Clocks oiv Sole at These Ribbon Specials ""-»• specials in small articles. ffi fSSJSSSSS S^&!^S^S?4 1? " ri - "
Prices This Week Only 7 j c >Yard-A Scotch Plaid Hair fol^rds°i!shSf n! pip«r 5 for O=. vcry lo.v, and buyers are jure to appreciate <l
?h oc ?f\, '"^wi'^nV^!;"*"" 0 "^ A w "" k Br °° m '° r gc- bird cages Men's Suspenders and Women's Fall Shoes
$1.23 ClOCk for 6&&SK -""'"»»"'" »«* «« •««. . SOc-We have reduced our regular™ Bird Cage, to 50c for this spe- „ CAThi, shoe ha, th. .ppe,^
that has a high-grade moveSrent, and JlC a Yard— A pure Taffeta Rib- cial sale. These cages can be had in either red or blue Color. JOAt • $Lo\J __ ce o « anv o f the best $1 «!O
V\ffcf^ P^S&r2oST£?ffi coL^excU^o^th^r 1^ , , 45c FOR SLEEVE BOARD WORTH «y. H, Mrf, iiaslTc Suspenders; shoes ma'de; the/come in Vici'Md
for 51.25.^ colors, except around the edges, Wooden Sleeve Boards that are strictly the thing for dainty shirt waists "* nickel trimmings; new web- and Patent Leather and in many
ti M kU rm flnrV78r This Is the w "«re there is a pretty Persian de- or children's clothes can be had at a saving. bing- Made extra strong; regu- different shapes. They have light
$I.UU Alarm tlOCK ioCgu^t^ *\f£- This is an # unusually fine , SLEEVE IRONS 45c. Iar price 25c or heavy weight soles and military
l'^h g l rS tr^n 1 do2 0C iii hat FJ, a r a Sf.- Imi 2S s P ecia " v stable for bows These" Sleeve Irons are nickel finished and have wooden handles. They 0- .Men's ' Black Lace Sox- or Cuban heels. This is part of
we^4 n Se^ Ie redu^fon th or *£ "££ Un^^ r^\ sell regularly for 50c CC double heels and toes; seam- our new fall line, and you may
22c. and It will be well worth your ?, n »«.. DI "e, pinic, nile, red and $l.OO for a regular $1.25 Meat Safe. less; absolutely fast dye; all sizes. have your choice of any pair at
while Investing In one of them. oiacK. it is a regular 50c value. 43c for a Gas Stove that we have marked to sell for 55c regularly. A regular 15c value. .:.*'; $2.50.. j '.,.-;...:
Especial attention is invited to
DOMESTIC HELP
and
SITUATION WANTED
advertisements.
Readers will also profit by care-
fully scrutinizing the
REAL ESTATE and BUSINESS
CHANXEJ
advertisements in THE CALL.
See Pases 40 to 40.
_ : •_ " • mV ADVERTISDIENTre. . -^^
CiOIt4G-l GoTngTI GOhte !!i
mnztz* nu *we It. ieikcise im un it. no'ijuircscincioE. *
NEWBRO'S HERPICIDE
Tba 0KJ«3 IN A L remedy that - kill t tha D«ndr ntt Ctrm "
DIDN'T KNOW IT WAS LOADED »^«at for the putllc to retlti* ft. dtnztr of net-
V Uct Newbro'* HerpteU* positively destroy* tt«
Mostyoua^ and mld4!«-«tfd men never know <Un4ru3 microb*; *top$ fallinj hair «nd protects
that their »c«lpt are leaded with mlcroblc £TO««h« th« scalp »t» lrst reln/edlon. A deiijhttul lulr
until ihe hair hai "feneoff." Naturt tends her dressing- Stops l:chlnjlnftar.t:y. ll'slmacns*
warnlnes of dandruff, ttefelof scalp and falling popularity prove* Its gooineis. Save your Hair
lulr but tilt discovery of thc Jjn-<uff g en Is toe whU« you nave luir to save.
Bnf Stern. Si.CO- . Sed iflt. itnps. to REWICICE CO. Oept H, Bttnit. Uidu far a nasd
APrX.ICATIOJfS AT PROM IHXNT BAMEB SgQPg.The guardians of Alice, Tillie and
Edgar Levy, minors, yesterday report
ed to the court that their estate con
sisted of a one-tenth interest in* the
residue of the estate of Joseph Levy,
deceased, which was appraised at
$109,438 41.
Interest of Levy Heirs.
woman appeared as contestant In an
other estate. The Rickman answer
now denies that Antonina Ongonowska
Is a niece or any relative of Palagia
Krzyzanowsky and denies that at the
time of making her will she had a
weakened or unsound mind or that
her will was under the domination of
Rickman. ,- - '. i
Says She Is Not Niece.
The contest of Antanlna Borkowska
OgoaowEka, claiming to be a niece of
Palagia Maria Kryzanowsky, against
the latter's will, was answered yester
day by Charles A. Rickman. adminis
trator of the estate. of Charles F. G.
Rickman. The latter died May 20.
1904. With the exception of a few
charitable bequests Rickman was left
all of the estate by the woman, who
declared that she had no relatives. Her
estate was worth about $35,000 and a
contest was brought by Maria Night
engale, who pretended to be a daugh
ter. This contest was compromised
for $10,000 and later the Nightengale
On an outing or a trip to the Exposi
tion don't forget to take along a Kodak.
See our Developing Department and com
plete line of Artists' Materials, Cameras,
Kodnks and Photo Supplies. Sanborn
Vail & Co., 741 Market st. •
+ —j.
east of Brazil avenue, to Charles Mc-
Henry; 50x100 feet on the south line
of California street, 57:6 feet west of
Twentieth avenue, to F. L. Horack;
32:6x100 feet on the southeast corner
of Tenth avenue and J street, to S.
Deeble; 25x120 feet on the west line
of Ninth avenue. 175 feet south of J
street, to Julius Person.
Uncle Sam's passenger rolling stock
would make a solid train 500 miles
long.
Chong Yit, a Chinaman, took out a
marriage license yesterday to wed Ang
Gook, a native of Japan. The mar
riage of the couple will take place to
day at one of the missions.
Chinese to Wed Japanese.
Luigl Ferrari yesterday applied to
the Superior Court for an Injunction
to prevent the levying of an execution
against him from the Justices' Court
on a judgment for $79 given In favor
of D. A. Curtin, who sued him on an
assigned claim. Ferrari declares that
the suit was brought February 17,
1903, by Curtin, but no copy of the
complaint or summons was served.
He alleges, however, that Curtin pro
cured a false affidavit of one Abram
Shear to the effect that he had served
Ferrari with the summons and on the
strength of the affidavit Justice Law
son gave judgment on default. Fer
rari was unable to have the Judgment
set aside and appeals to the Superior
Court
Charges False Affidavit.
Herbert T. Thornburgh, who ap
pears in the directory as a physician
for the Globe Medical Company, was
yesterday made defendant in a suit
for divorce begun by his wife, Emma
Thornbnrgh, who charges him with de
sertion and failure to provide her with
the necessaries of life. According to
her complaint they were married at
San Jose April 21, 1902, and he de
serted her at Tuolumne July 15, 1903.
Lillian M. Clark, without an attor
ney, appeared In the County Clerk's of
fice yesterday and asked that the dis
missal'of her suit for divorce against
Harry A. Clark ordered on February
21 last be entered upon the rec
ords. There was no explanation of
the long period elapsing between the
dismissal and the entry. When Mrs.
Clark brought her suit she charged
her husband with extreme cruelty,
which included an assault which ren
dered her unconscious for three hours.
In the complaint she asked the court
to award her $75 a month alimony.
The case never came to trial.
Mrs. Thornburgh Declares That Hus
band Failed to Provide for Her.
AVlfc Has Suit Dismissed.
PHYSICIAN'S WIFE SAYS
THAT SHE WAS DESERTED
The trial of the suit in replevin of
F. W. Foresting against Chief of Po
lice Wlttman and Propety Clek W.
E. Dinan for the recovery of certain
jewelry taken from Mrs. Annie Lippe,
who was recently arrested and has
since died In an asylum, was begun
before Justice of the Peace Daniels
yesterday.
John Greely, attorney for the de
fendants, and Charles Peery, attorney
foi the plaintiff, agreed to file a stipu
lation substituting Public Administra
tor Hynes as defendant in the case
on the understanding that the jew
elry would be .turned over to him.
Judge Daniels refused to consent to
this proceeding, holding that in the
event of the popety being tuned
over to the Public Administrator it
would necessitate the bringing of a
new suit, as the jewely was not In
his possession when the original suit
was first instituted. It was then
agreed to put the case over until next
Thursday, when the stipulation agreed
upon will be perfected and the matter
settled in probate. Richard Mogan also
appeared In court, saying he repre
sented the mother of Mrs. Lippe, who
claimed the property.
The Jewelry, which Foresting claims
to be his own property, consists of one
pair of diamond earrings, two tur
quoise rings, one diamond ring, one
sapphire ring, one pearl ring, one dia
mond locket, one plain gold ring and
$50 in cash, which Mrs. Lippe had on
her person at the time of her arrest.
Suit Against Chief of Police Results
In Stipulation for New Action
In Probate Court.
GEMS TO BE TURNED OVER
TO PUBLIC ADMINISTRATOR
KANSAS CITY, Aug. 20.— Charles C.
Fales, known also as Colonel Gate
Fales, has been arrested here by United
States Marshal Durham on a charge of
using the mails to defraud, and in de
fault of $3000 bonds is being held In
the County Jail. He will be given a
preliminary hearing on August 30.
Fales conducted a grain speculation
business here under the firm name of
Arthur E. Whitcock & Co., in which
he acted as the agent for persons who
wanted to trade in speculative grain
markets in response to circulars sent
out by him.
The papers in his office seized by
Marshal Durham include a number of
accounts and records that undoubtedly
belonged to the Rialto Grain Company
of St. Louis, with which Senator James
R. Burton of Kansas was at one time
connected. These records are in the
form of cards, which indicate that the
average amount paid by. the would-be
speculators Is not far from $100. The
cards number 3000 and bear the names
of persons in every part of the United
States and Canada.
The warrant for Fales' arrest was
sworn out by W. A. Piatt, a postoffice
inspector from St. Louis, and Fales
will be taken to that city after his
preliminary hearing.
The cards bear the names of a great
many Canadians, while there are many
persons in Georgia, California and
other States. Several of the cards also
show that the company had invested
sums for persons in the Government
departments in Washington, and even
the New York State penitentiary is
represented.
Many Calif ornians Are Num
bered Among the Patrons
of Colonel Gate Fales
BBAXCH OF THE EIALTO
Minor sales are reported by Shain
wald, Buckbee & Co. as follows: North
line of Natoma street, 275 feet east of
Third, 37:6x80 feet, $12,000; lot, 40x57:6
feet, and improvements on the north
line of Lewis place, between Sutter and
Post and Taylor and Jones streets, $10,
000; lot, 40x137:6 feet, and improvements
on the east line of Baker street, 87:6
feet south of Clay, $7000; lot, 36x127:8%
feet, on the south line of Clay street,
112:6 feet west of Lyon, $4500; lot, 40x100
feet, on the cast line of Hoff avenue,
south of Sixteenth street, $3600; lot,
27:6x100 feet, on. the west line of Fill
more street. 95 feet south of Fell, $3500;
lot, 20x70 feet, on the north line of Na
toma street, 312 feet east of Third, $3000,
and lot, 50x100 feet, on the east line of
Eleventh avenue. 225 feet south of Point
Lobos avenue, {1600.
Baldwin & Howell: Lot on the
couth line of H street, 57:6 west of
Seventeenth avenue, 25x100, L. Lip
man to Mrs. O. S. Ewers, $1300; lot on
the southeast corner of Forty-seventh
nvenue and N street, 107:6x250,Kather
in M. Haun to Sophie B. Kobicke;lot on
the east line of Ninth avenue, 200
north of K, 25x120, Cornelius Egan to
Charles B. Johnson, $1100; lot on the
south line of H street, 82:6 east of
Twentieth avenue, 25x100, Arthur Lo
gan to Rose E. Currier, $1250; lot on
the west line' of Ninth avenue, 175
south of N, 25x120, E. Wierbitsky to
Joseph W. Rogers, $550; lot on the
west line of Twenty-first avenue, 200
north of I street, 25x120, A. Meyer to
John Little, $1050; lot on the south
west corner of H street and Eigh
teenth avenue, 32:6x100, A. Meyer to
Emma Winter, $2350; lot on the
northwest corner of I street and Nine
teenth avenue, 50x100, Dr. Ashworth
to Helen L. Madden; lot on the west
line of Ninth avenue, 107 south of M
street, 25x120, A. Phillips to Loretta
Olivier, $725; -lot on the south line of
O street, 132:6 west of Tenth avenue,
50x100, L. M. Ruppert to Elizabeth
N. Leach, $550; lot on the west line
of Ninth avenue, 132 south of M, 25x
120, A. Phillips to Christian Knapp,
$725; lot on the north line of K street,
57:6 east of Ninth avenue, 25x100, B.
Huegle to August Euler, $875; lot on
the north line of K street, 32:6 east
of Ninth avenue, 25x100, R. Huegle
to Charles Euler, $875; cottage and
lot, 25xlS7:6, on the south line of
Turk street. 100 east of Broderick, Su
san McGorey to Kate HugWes, $2850;
lot 25x100 on the south line of Golden
Gate avenue, 56:3 east of Masonic ave
nue, George Brown Estate Company
to C. R. Morse, $1050; lot 25x137:6,
on the north line of Fell street, 106:3
east of Broderick, for the account of
the California Title Insurance and
Trust Company, $2500; lot 25:10x68:9,
on the east line of Hyde street, 68:9
south of Filbert, with three flats rent
,4ng for $00 a month, Peter J. Keyes
I to A. & F. Sehabiague, on private
ierms; two cottages and lot 50x11, on
VARIETY OF SALES.
Large leases are reported, Shainwald,
Buckbee & Co. have leased the building
on the southwest corner of Mission and
Fremont streets for Henry T. Scott and
the Pacific Hardware and Steel Com
pany to John H. Spring and W. J.
Hotchkiss for a period of ten years for
the total rental of $240,000. The Pacific
Hardware and Steel Company has
bought eight flfty-vara lots on the
southwest corner of Seventh and Town
send streets and will remove to that
locality. The Hilbert Mercantile Com
pany has leased for five years the base
ment and first floor of 136 to 144 Sec
old street for $30,000. Charles Bush has
leased from the Starr Estate Company
the premises at 761 to 765 Market street
for five years for $45,600.
. The foregoing transactions are In the
leading class of those that are made
public in the week that just closed.
There are large building propositions
that amply supplement the sales. The
building contracts for the week repre
sented a value in improvements of
$332,638. There are large improvements
that are to be made for which no con
tracts have been let. Among these is a
$100,000 clubhouse to be built for Mrs.
Ernestine Kreling on the site of the old
Tivoli Opera-house. The Pope Estate
Company will expend $125,000 in the
erection of a six-story hotel on the
northwest line of Market street, 275 feet
east of Drumm street. A two-story ad
dition will be made to the French Hos
pital at a cost of $20,000. The sum of
$110,000 will be expended by Henry E.
Bothin in the construction of a build
ing to adjoin the Cross building.
In addtion to some large transactions
in local realty that have. just been ef
fected others "are in view. Shainwald,
Buckbee & Co. have sold for the Mon
roe Greenwood Estate Company the
south corner of Mission street and Shaw
alley, 31:2x80 feet, with a four-story
building, to a client for $115,000. Wil
liam J. Dingee as administrator of the
estate of Alvlnza Hayward has accept
ed a bid of $55,000 from Frederic John
son, a client of Madison & Burke, for
a property on the south line of
Clay street, with a frontage of
34: 4»£ feet on Clay street and
50:1% feet on Commercial, with old
buildings. Through the agency of
Shainwald, Buckbee & Co. the south
east corner of Post and Devisadero
streets has been sold by Isaac Levy to
Miss Caroline K. Gwin for $40,000. The
lot is 60x112:6 feet and is improved
with stores and flats.
Mrs. William K. Vanderbilt Jr. has
sold to William A. Magee, Thomas Ma
gee and Frederic E. Magee 25 feet
frontage on Market street on the south
east line, 175 feet northeast of Fourth,
running back 170 feet and having a
frontage of 135 feet on Stevenson street.
The terms are private.
Levi Schilling has sold to W. S. Cra
gin the southeast corner of Geary and
Franklin streets, 30x120 feet, with im
provements, through the agency of
Shainwald, Buckbee & Co., for $20,000.
The Von Rhein Real Estate Company
has sold the northeast corner of Kearny
and Sacramento streets, *>for Louis
Cranz to John Shirley, for $45,000. The
seller immediately invested $44,000 in
the purchase of the northeast corner of
Eddy and Larkin streets.
It is expected that on the arrival of
Mts. Oelrichs in this city the sale of
her properties, previously described,
will be closed for the sum of $2,800,000
to a syndicate.
SOME IMPROVEMENTS.
, Baldwin & Howell have sold for
the Lane Hospital and Dr. Ellinwood
47:6x127:8^4 feet on the south line of
Washington Btreet, 177:6 feet west of
Buchanan, to Thomas B. Bishop for
$11,875, which, with a lot recently
purchased, gives a frontage In one
piece of 87:6 feet.
Realty will be sold at auction by G.
H. Umbsen & Co. to-morrow in ac
cordance with previous announce
ment.
Additional sales are reported by
Baldwin & Howell as follows: Cot
tage and lot 25x137:6 on the south
side of Turk street, 100 feet east of
Broderick, from Susan McGorey to
Kate Hughes, for $2850; lot 25x100
on the south side of Golden Gate ave
nue, 56:3 feet east of Masonic avenue.
George Brown Estate Company to C.
R. Morse. .$1050; lot 25x137:6 feet on
the north line of Fell street, 106:3
feet east of Broderick, California Ti
tle Insurance and Trust Company.
$2500; lot 25:10x68:9 feet on the east
side of Hyde street, 68:9 feet south of
Filbert, with improvements consisting
of three flats renting for $90 per
month, from Peter J. Keyes to A. and
F. Schabiague, on private terms; two
cottages of six rooms each and lot 50x
114 feet on the south side of Twentl
: eth street, 180 feet east of Dolores,
from Hannah Gadina to Katherine
Wesemann, for $4600; two flats of five
i and six rooms each renting for $51
per month, with lot 25x125 feet, on
the east line of Hartford street, 189:8
feet south of Seventeenth, from W. J.
Brady to A. M. A. Schiffman, terms
private; lot 29:6x85 feet on the south
west corner of Beach and Hyde
j streets, from M. S. Galvin to ,L. M.
Weissman. for $3000.
Landgrebe, McNevin & Jones have
engaged in the real estate^business at
334 Bush street, near Montgomery.
Landgrebe was cashier for Easton,
Eldridge & Co. twenty-three years.
McNevin and Jones were also em
ployes of Eaaton, Eldridge & Co. for
a long period. The new firm will pay
attention to renting and to the general
: real estate' business. Their long ex
perience will be of value.
Sol Getz & Son made the following
sales this week: 32:6x100 feet on the
northwest corner of Twenty-first ave-
and Clement street to H. W. Ty
ler; 25x120 feet on the east line of
I Seventeenth avenue, 100 feet north of
, O street, to J. E. Hildebrant; 57:6x
100 feet on the northwest corner of
Forty-sixth avenue and U street, to T.
Kleinclaus; 25x100 feet on the west
line of Forty-eighth avenue, 162:6
feet north of : L. street, ' to Oscar O.
Oates; 25x100 feet on the southeast
line of Lisbon str«et, 100 feet north-
Lyon & Hoag repprt the following
sales: L,ot 25x120 on the east line of
Fourth avenue, 260. feet north of C
street, to L. A. Blanchard, for $1250;
25x120 feet on the west line of Third
avenue, 225 feet north of A street, to
Charles Lemberg, $1050; 25x120 feet
on. the west line of Third avenue, 125
feet north of C street, to Walter von
Ploennies, $1300; 25x120 feet, on the
east line of Fourth avenue, 1S5 feet
south of • B street, to Char
lotte F. Wier, $1300; 25x120 feet
on the west line of First avenue, 150
feet north of B street, to George H.
Scheper, $1000; 25x120 feet on the
west line of Third avenue, 275 feet
north of A street, to L. M. Pusey,
$1050; 25x120 feet on the east line of
Fourth avenue, 300 feet north of A
street, to W. L. Kronnick, $1050; 25x
120 feet on the west line of First ave
nue, 175 feet north of B street, to F.
H. "Waters. §1000, and eighteen lots
on the east line of Third avenue, south
of B street, to Fernando Nelson, for
$22,175, all for the account of the Bay
District Land Company; lot 25x100
feet and residence on the south line
of Duboce, avenue, 50:6 feet east of
Devisadero street, the Realty Im
provement Company to Mrs. Margaret
Jones, $7750; lot 25x90 feet on the
east line of Devisadero street, 85 feet
north of Fourteenth street, to Seamon
Freed, for $1700; lot 23:6x60 feet and
two flats on the south line of Broad
way, 83:6 feet west of Taylor street,
M. J. Haley to E. F. Sturdevant,
$3100; lot 25x100 feet on the north
line of Fulton street, 31:3 west of
Lyon street, Agnes Vandor to Ursula
Yager, $2150; lot 25x120 feet and two
flats on the east line of Harrison
street, 150 feet south of Twenty-fifth,
Florence I. and Alice L. Bond to M.
O'Donnell, $4050,. and lot 25x120 feet
and house on the east line of Second
avenue, 125 feet south of B street,
Robert C. Gardener to Currie Rock
man, for $3500.
Shainwald, Buckbee & Co. report
that there are only five lots remaining
unsold in the Brickell tract at Bakers
Beach in the block bounded by West
Clay and Lake streets and Twenty
seventh and Twenty-eighth avenues.
Raymond, Armstrong & Co. have
sold twenty-five lots In the Maillard
tract at Lagunitas and seventy-five
lots in the Ross Valley Park, San An
selmo. In the latter last mentioned
tract fifty houses are building at cost
ranging from $1500 to $4000 each.
Oscar Heyman will build two cot
tages on the south line of Twenty
second street, west of Douglas, and
two on the east line of Vermont street,
south of Twenty-fifth.' He has bought
twenty-flve lots between P and O
streets and Forty-seventh and Forty
eighth avenues and T and U streets
and Forty-sixth and Forty-seventh
avenues, which will be placed on the
market. Heyman also reports that he
has sold property as follows: Four
lots 25x120 feet each on the west line
of Twenty-sixth avenue, 150 feet
south of West Clay street, for $875
apiece: a five-room and bath cottage
on the west line of Hoffman avenue,
101 feet north of Twenty-second
street, for $2932, and a cottage of the
same size on the east line of Vermont
street, 25 feet south of Twenty-fifth
street, for $2950.
OX PACIFIC HEIGHTS.
the south line of Twentieth street, 180
east of Dolores, Hannah Gadlna to
Katherine Wesemann, $4 600; two flats,
each renting for $51 a month, with
lot 25x125 feet, on the east line | of
Hartford street, 189:8 south of Sev
enteenth, W. J. Brady to A. M. A.
Schiffman, terms private; and lot 29:6
x85 on the southeast corner of Beach
and Hyde streets. M. S. Galvin to L.
M. Weissman, $3000.
LOTS AXD HOUSES.
Government 1 Causes the Ar
rest of the Head of a
Grain Speculation Concern
Choice San Francisco Realty Is Changing Owners
at Lively Rate and Advanced Prices Indicate
Strong Confidence in Developments of Future
GET-RICH-QUICK
MAN IS JAILED
BRISKNESS ONCE MORE
CHARACTERIZES MARKET
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 21, 130#.
28
ADVERTISEMENTS. W'C ¦ UM;
'llfL/^KflVfe'^feMfe^^fe *° * ove children, and no
Wi/ili*! idfflEili %V k° me can be completely
WW CP k a PPy without them, yet the
ordeal through which the ex-
Rkl^lftSSBfe^ pectant mother must pass usually 155
I w4fe iitiB II S ° °^ sn^ CI *i n &> danger and fear
I M^fiHSSM at s^ e l°°ks forward to the critical
hour with apprehension and dread.
Mother's Friend, by its penetrating and soothing properties,
allays nausea, nervousness, and all unpleasant feelings, and
so prepares the system for the
oraeal that she passes through . WM £h $k |h& /f& W$$ &b
the event safely and with but l^P n|w
little suffering, as numbers IvM^Lr »Hra%E^li
Have testified and said, "it is
worth its weight in gold." $1.00 per SH^^§4|k{|^^S
bottle of druggists. Book containing |j H §§a BralsM
valuable information mailed free. f| jj§ l^f§^
H£ ttUDflOA RE6UUTO8 CO.. Atlanta. G*
Dry Goods • i 8felli^ Company.
For Fall and Wmter
Comprehensive assortment of correct materials for the coming sea-
sons now on exhibition.
BROADCLOTH
One of the most favored fabrics for dressy costume?: shown in
a complete line of street shades; yard, from..#l»OO to $4.OO
PASTEL COLORINGS
Of the same; a splendid assortment for evening dresses and
coats ; a yard, from $iJ.2^> to $-4.OO
CLIPPED ZIBELINE
Is a very stylish material; bright finish and very durable; shown
in some extremely smart color combinations and will be much
used for demi-tailored suits; a yard, from §l.ot> to $4.5O
MANNISH SUITINGS
For the "strictly tailor-made suits; will be very much in demand;
we arc showing a great variety of entirely new effects; all season-
able colorings; a yard, from $1.00 to $3.73
SILK AND WOOL FABRICS
In light-weight material; comprise an exclusive collection, viz:
Crystal Poplinette, Crepe de Paris, Samite, Eolienne, Crepe
Orient, Crepe Meteor and Voile Croquant; in street and evening
shades and tints; a yard, from $1.00 to 93. 5O
SILK FUR
A decided novelty for outer garments; fifty inches wide; a yard,
from $7.3O to 910.00
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
Geary and Stockton Strests, Union Sqnarr
ADVERTISEMENTS^^
• This la the only place on the Pacific Coast where you can set your piano
direct from the factory. Save at least $50.
S000 In use here — ymf TW "EPES3 far mwk |g T53BS3I Highest type, and
•roaxari**®- Tour money back any time within ten years If not perfect.
There Is no other house that will put this In print. Other makes we handle,
ana a few exceptional bargains, new and used, all uprights.
Heine Baby Grand... 8475 Mason & Hamlin S285 Kimball $65
O*bler $350 ICnabe $160 Emerson 8125
grell $375 Fischer 8115 Occidental $40
Heine $335 Behr Bros., new $187 Conrard 597
Stelnway $325 Crown $140 Collard S55
Also twenty-flve practice pianos, Including Stelnway, Knabe and other stand-
ard makes, from $15 to $75.
• Investigate our new rent and purchase system. Piano (ftCl Dnn Hffftn+Vi
free for one month. If you want to rent after that money 7hA Y HI Illl/ljLll
applied on purchase price. V*** v *** "
This house docs not have clearance sales, etc., to dispose of a lot of
cheap pianos at advanced prices to cover large advertisements. Our
prices and terms are always right. That is why more pianos are sold by
this company than any other concern on this coast.
TfFTNE PIANO CO 5*»-237 <»•«* Street.
111*1111* i'liUlU VAJ, ) Oakland— 1253 Broadway.
Largest exclusive piano dealers and only direct factory representatives here.
Sherwood A Sherwood, Agents
& 0 «Jl* r < ff^y^iTiWyHK?*^^fflt i k^^^*-
o?*l feft \A t! u U
212-214 Market St> San Francisco
beautiful and useful premiums to j
customers of Port Costa flour !
Ask your grocer. Every time, you buy flour insist on
Port Costa — the pure, white, uniform flour. Attached to
each sack is a premium coupon. Send it to us.
List* of Premiums
Value. Value.
1. Victor Talking Machine 12. Ladles' Writing Desk $13.00
fflre records complete) . .$50.00 13. Rodpers' Silver Set (full
2. Old Dutch Clock (six feet set) knife, forjc and spoon 12.C0
high) 37.00 14. Bedstead (White Enam-
5. Hall Tree and Hat Rack.. 22.00 ,, «!*<*) • ..12.00
4 Folfilns; Camera (com- 15 - Bohemian Glass Table
plete outfit) 20.00 Set 10.00
6. Six-foot Chiffonier, plate 1»- Chafing Dish 8.00
mirror, five drawers 20.00 1J- Carving Set ...1 8.00
«. rhlna. Dinner Set 18X0 18. Suit Case 7.50
¦I 7. \>lour Couch (six feet 19- Accordion /.00
long) 18.00 2*- Beautiful Red Parlor
I. Go-Cart and Baby Car- ., Lamp 7.00
ytare IB.00 21 - Rattan Rocker 6.00
9. fool Chest containing 22. Baby's High Chair 5.00 j
sixteen tools 15.00 23. Even Balanced Scale 4.50
10. Chatelaine Gold Watch.. 12.60 \\\ S?Sc5.lt ZMST/A '. 40?
11. Morris Cha'r 12.00 26. Lady's Silk Umbrella 3.00 I
PorL COSta Milling CO. 230 California
\
Now that the vacation season is about over most housekeep-
ers will want to get settled for the winter, and one of the first
things to be looked after will be the kitchen. We have every
article you may wish for— Steel Ranges and Cook Stoves in all
sizes, Gas Stoves, Flour Bin Tables and Cabinets, Dish Closets,
Meat Safes, Chairs, Linoleums, Cooking Utensils, etc. Also all
other goods in the furniture and carpet lines. We invite inspec-
tion of goods and comparison of prices, as we sell 20 per cent
lower than elsewhere. We don't pay rent — that's the secret
of our low prices.
The A J. Noonan Furniture Co. inc.
1017-1023 MISSION STREET, above sixth!
Centemeri
Washable
I ar-TW' COLORS
I White, Pearl,
y Champagne
¥ DIRECTIONS:
I wash with I
I brush in .soap and water. >
Rinse in cteun water, wipe i
! £ and lay aside to dry. ¦
H Salesroom 200 Post St., ¦
I «. Cor. Grant Ave. j
•
fQ\MER A Reduced from *9.50
» to $6.35
/T .Similar reductions on other ;
v Mze.i of Korona and Poco |
r Cameras. £<c them. '
g* sSUN«S£T DA2AAR
K^g Third fiX.^S^M Frakchco-
¦
II L 1> IV
Elgin TValthara
Hl3?i Grade 'Ws.tclxea and Jewelry oa
Small Weekly or aZontUy Fayiaeata.
DEREMER»S I
137 Montgomery St.
Room 12. I'd stairs. Fhona James 4336.
MWEAK MEN
X$»*»fcg; DR. HALL'S KEIN'VIGORATOFl
fp*a •¦« itops all losses and unnatural dis-
'| Is charges In 21 hours. You f*el aa
"3"CJ! fglj Improvement from th« first dose,
mv lul We n * v- "° niuch confldenca In our
Wxl "Sit treatment that we cSer Fiv» Jlan-
»«>*_, -Sa* <lr»d reward for any ca«» w« can-
— T---r-T ai rot cure> xhis secret remedy cures
lost power, nightly emissions, wasted organs.
Taricocele. gleet, strictures, kidneys, falling
memory, drains in the urine, gonorrhea, du-
cas« of the postata glands and all other terri-
ble effects of selt-abuse or excesses, which lead
on to consumption and death. Positively cures
the worst cases In old or youns; of that morti-
fying condition, quickness of tha discharge, and
wanting to do. and you can't. £»nt sealed, JJ
per bottle; three bottles. |3. OuarasteeU
cure any case.
Call os address orders HALL'S MEDICATE
INSTITUTE. 8S5 Broadway. Oakland Cal.
Also for sale at 1073ft Market St.. 8. F." Send
for free book.
jii|> v Every Woman
W§LM«\vft Is Interested and should know
MwCSiAA^HlA about the wonderful
V \wte\'fl MARVEL Spray
v^N^CSCiSw^S^ tion and Suction. £ M t->4(-
Nk; '^?^D^ri4L?N 1 __£* t - M °« Congruent.
i»k jnrirtfiUt far It. «tf y^*"^^-"
If he cunnot iupply the x : v /»»».'."'¦?/£¦<¦¦.-*«»
MARVKL. accept no NiS^f **B&&P 'J^L'J.
other, but send stamp for <!Si. r^i.'"/ySf
Illustrated boo*-w»lt«. Itxtres Vv / 'V<n
f nil particulars and directions tn- tip. I M
valuable to ladies, jiakvki, CO.^YJ jG
41 Park novr, Xew York.
1C2 New Montgomery San Francisco, Cal.
William Hatteroth (Ladles' Dept.). 224 Sutter.
Union Drug Co.. 4C0 Sutter and ICO Stockton.
Osgood Brothers... 7th and Broadway-, Oakland.
Baldwin Pharmacy ...............119 Ellis
jidgg^&ta MENANDWOMEir.
«^l«Sartt7BE»>>?f Ui«Bl*«fornanatur»l
jffSXV** * •• * **Tv\3 di»ch»ri»«.lafl»ns=iiti3ns,
f£jjSf GurutM4 \3 lrrtUtisns or ulcer*:ioa«
w**y not to iirlotir*. of tauoous njunbrmej.
S^Tl Tn-nm-M Co»Utt.«. Pain'.etl. and not a*:rt3«
iffatTHlEYitXSCiUMrcALCD. g»at or poisonous.
»rt«k CI.132>l!UTl,0.Eqg Sold by I>ratsl»U,
TlE»< C.S.*. "2<P ot lent in pUln "rsjp«r,
j(y»y m circnlsr wet ca rraustf.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
FBSSH A2TD SAT.T XXEATS.
JAS ROYFS R f 0 Shlppins; Butchers. 10S
JaC U'JlLj a VUi Clay. TeL Main 12U.
ores.
LUBRICATTNO OILS: LEONABT> A ELLIS.
41H Front sU S. T. Phona Mala 1713.
FMBTIgObPORTLAND, Aug. 20.— With a cheese
sandwich for a ration, Miss Clara
"Webb, a prominent young society
woman, climbed Mount Hood in record
time. She has just returned.
There were eleven in Miss "Webb's
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Daring Climb by a
Portland Young
Woman,
ASCENDS
TO TOP OF
MT. HOOD
Both at Bonn and at Breslau new
colleges for girls have been opened, of
fering a six-year course after gradu
ation from the high school.
During the work of dredging *t the
new harbor at Havre a wooden warship
has been discovered burled in the mud
and six cannon, still loaded, have been
recovered.
It is feared they have met with fool
play or have been lost In tho moun
tains.
EBENSBTJRG, Pa^ Aug. 20- — Firs
'girls, two daughters of Frank Cassldy
of A^pona, two daughters of Robert
Cassidy of Ebensburg and Mlsa Rum
ford, mysteriously disappeared from
here yesterday afternoon and have no»
yet returned.
They left tha Cassidy horn* to co t»
the cemetery to plant flowers. Whea
they failed to return horns last night
searching parties were organized and
kept up the search all night without
success.
Leave Their Home to Plant Flowers
In a Cemetery and Fall to
Return.
GIRLS MYSTERIOUSLY
DROP OUT OS 1 EIGHT
They declare the Government has
failed to do this. They also complain
of the rations they receive. They told
the Senator they would act as soon as
the Government carried out the prom
ises made in the treaty above referred
to.
Senator Patterson says that since
learning from personal observation the
ALAMOSA, Colo., Aug. 20.— Senator
T. M. Patterson, who, at the request of
the Secretary of the Interior, went to
the reservation of the Southern Ute In
dians to interview them on the proposi
tion for the purchase of the cliff dwell
lers' ruins in the Mesa Verde country
for the purpose of converting the sec
tion into a national park, reports a
complete failure of the project. Tha
Senator says the Indians absolutely re
fuse to treat with the Government, be
cause they declare they have been so
badly treated In the past. They In
formed him that In 1896 they had en
tered into a treaty with the Govern
ment and sold certain lands and the
Government agreed to bring water on
to their reservation.
Project for the Purchase of Cliff
DweUcrs' Ruins Meets With
Utter Fnilure.
INDIANS ARE UNWILLING
TO BARTER FOR LANDS
naturo of tha Ute grievance ha will try
to have the Government fulfill Its obli
gations, when he hopes ths Indians win
listen to tho plan of Government pur
chase of the Mesa Verde ruins.
party, but she was the only one who
attempted the ascent of Mount Hood.
She went to the summit with another
party of fifteen.
Miss Webb had not expected to make
the trip to the summit, so had little
time to prepare for the journey. In
her hand she carried one cheese sand
wich and that, with pieces of ice which
she picked up on the way, constituted
her rations for the day.
"One^cheese sandwich is a pretty
short ration for a mountain climber,
and if it had not been for the Ice I
am afraid I should have"- been ex
hausted," said she. "When we ar
rived back at the snow line, my father
was there with a pot of coffee, and if
you ever want to know how good coffee
tastes just climb to the summit of
Mount Hood with one sandwich and
I think your desire will be gratified.
"I slept in a hammock all the time
we were gone and I slept in blankets
at the snow line one night.' I rode an
Indian pony to the snow line. We
started about 5 o'clock in the morning
and reached the summit about 1
o'clock. We started back at 1:30 and
arrived down at 5 o'clock."
SAN JOSE, Aug. 20,-C. L. Dickin
son, who recently broke jail at Los An
geles, where he was serving a term for
making an assault on Sergeant Harris,
was arrested at Santa Clara to-day.
Jail Breaker Is Captured.
LITTLE ROCK. Ark., Aug. 20.— Dr.
R. G. Lightle, who was supposed to
have been burned In his barn at
Searcy May 22 and on whose death in
surance companies paid $19,000 on
policies, returned to Searcy to-day and
surrendered to a Deputy Sheriff.
Ligrhtle says he did not attempt to
commit fraud, but left suddenly be
cause he had a corpse in his barn for
dissecting, and when the building
burned he feared he might be arrest
ed for grave robbery. Mrs. Lightle
hasireturne:d $15,500 of the insurance
money.
SUPPOSED DEAD 3IAN
IS ALIVE AND WELL
¦ s
OMAHA, Aug. 20.— Annoyed con
stantly by boys who helped them
selves to the apples off her trees,
Mrs. Cook, wife of a farmer living near
Ravenna, Nebr., went Into ambush in
the orchard with a shotgun.
She had but a short time to wait for
a victim. During the day three prom
inent farmers of the neighborhood
climbed the fence with the Intention of
helping: themselves to a few apples as
they passed along. Each time the irate
woman took a shot at the intruders,
and two of them, Frank Kozel and
Robert Holmes, were wounded.
Ambushes Three Farmers Robbing
Her Trees and Wounds Two
of Them. .
WOMAN USES SHOTGUN
TO SAVE HER APPLES
CHICAGO, Aug. 20. — Allen Cotton,
a colored strike-breaker, was found
unconscious in the stockyards to-day
with his eyes lacerated until 'the sight
had been destroyed. The right eye
was practically gouged out and the
man was bleeding profusely. It Is be
lieved he is also suffering from a frac
tured skull. The police took him to a
hospital.
STRIKE-BREAKER BEATEN.
Loses One Eye and His Skull May Be
ZEIGLER, 111., Aug. 20. — The Zeig
ler Coal Company to-day offered
$1500 reward for the arrest and con
viction of the persons -who flred into
Its tralnload of Imported miners at
Christopher on August 8; $500 for in
formation leading to the arrest and
conviction of any one who participated
in the attack and $1000 for reliable
Information as to the organization
which Instigated or advised the at
tack.
Seeks the Arrest of Man Who Fired
Upon Strike-Breakers.
IjEITER OFFERS REWARD.
All England Is discussing the dispar
ity between the suffering Inflicted by
the law on a man guiltless of any
wrong and the compensation offered
when the mistake was discovered.
The conviction was not merely an ex
traordinary case of mistaken identity,
but Beck was the victim of a conspir
acy to procure the conviction of a pris
oner by suppressing facts which would
have insured his triumphant acquittal.
The fact Is clear that Becl£ was orig
inally convicted of stealing rings from
unfortunate women, largely because it
was believed that he was a certain
John Smith, who had been convicted in
1877 of the same offense under exactly
similar circumstances. Yet while his
identity with John Smith played a pre
ponderant part In the evidence against
him it was ruled out of court and the
prisoner was not allowed to prove or
establish an alibi.
Medical evidence -was also forthcom
ing to show that ¦while John Smith waa
a Hebrew, Beck was not, but all that
the Government did in the light of this
fact waa to remove from Beck's prison
garb the lettering which etated "pre
vious conviction."
LONDON, Aug. 20.— That the much
vaunted system of police identification
at Scotland Yard can send an Innocent
man to penal servitude for a long term
of years is a fact that has been rudely
brought home to the British people In
the case of Adolf Beck.
As compensation for the gross mis
carriage of Justice in the conviction of
the unfortunate Swede, first In 1S80 and
again In 1896, the Treasury has granted
him the sum of 510,000.
Special Cable to The Call and New York
Herald. Copyright. 1004. by the New York
Herald Publishing" Company.
PORTLAND, Ore., Aug. 20.— By a de
cision arrived at to-day by President
J. H. Richards, First Vice President
Ewing and Secretary Mahon of the ex
ecutive committee of the American
Mining Congress, the voting of proxies
by delegates and members will be per
mitted -in the deliberations of the sev
enth annual session of that body to be
held in this city during next week.
The decision Interprets a constitu
tional provision of the congress and is
one of the greatest importance, in view
of the fact that a decision Is to be
reached as to the permanent headquar
ters and also because of the contest for
the next annual convention. Salt Lake
City delegates have wired home for 500
proxies to be voted in the contest for
permanent headquarters.
Labor Leaders Render Decision of
Importance to Union Men.
CAN USE PROXIES.
Great Britain Makes
Cash Payment lor
Wrong.
INNOCENT
MAI TWICE
CONVICTED
CHICAGO, Aug. 20.— The packers will
apply to the courts for an injunction to
prevent the carrying out of the city's
orders that the strike-breakers be no
.longer housed in the buildings In the
stockyards. This was decided upon at
a meeting of the legal representatives
of all the packing firms, save one, that
are affected by the strike.
•Agents of the packers hurried about
the yards to-day reassuring the non-
Cliit;aso Packers Forced to Supply
Nciv Quarters by dry's Orders.
TEXTS FOR XOX-'CXIOX J£EX.
Every effort was made to prevent, a
stampede of non-unionists. The pack
ers declare It was successful and that
the exodus was not greater than is
usual on Saturdays.
Union pickets reported that the de
sertions were heavy and that the non
union men were In a state of terror.
Swift's car shops were soon taken
possession of by mechanics, who began
fitting up the plant's bunkhouse, and
the same was done with other build
ings, apart from the killing depart
ments.
union men and rushing the work of re
habilitating barracks to be entirely
separate from the slaughter-houses.
Arrangements were made to bring in
tents to cover every available vacant
spot for the same purpose. Small cir
cus tents were sent for to meet the
emergency.
A man giving: the name of Everett
was arrested on a charge of having
done the shooting. A revolver yith the
barrel still warm and containing three
esttpty shells was found upon him. Al
bert Johnson and John Galkai also
wpre arrested. They are held chiefly
as. witnesses.
The wounded: , Barry Hanson,
wounded in abdomen; Dennis Ryan,
fhot in side, serious; Daniel O'Meara,
shot in leg, not seriously.
A crowd of men and women strike
sympathizers had gathered at Fortieth
street and Emerald avenue, where, ac
cording to the rules of tha railroad
company, it is necessary for all trains
leaving the Etockyards to stop. A long
train filled with Greeks and negroes
from the yards stopped, and when the
strike sympathizers commenced to hoot
£n_ Jeer the non-union men and press
closer to the sides of the car the men
inside opened fire.
JCebroutski was killed at almost the
first shot. Hanson, who was standing
close by him, was wounded a 6econd
later, and Ryan and O'lleara were hit
as the crowd ran away from the cars.
A riot call was turned in and forty
poScexnen. heaJded by Inspector Hunt,
Captain Clancy and Lieutenant Dow
ney, hurried to tha spot. The police or
dered that every door and window of
the train be closed and a dozen men,
headed by Lieutenant Downey, passed
through each coach in search of weap
ons, while the remaining force beat
back the great crowd that had gath
ered.
The shot that killed Xebroutskl waa
flred from the third coach, near the
center of the car, and this car the lieu
tenant and his men entered first. As
the police entered the car they found
th'e occupants in a panic and nearly
every man had some kind of a weapon
concealed about him.
CHICAGO. Aug. 20.— During a riot in
the stockyards to-night one man was
shot and instantly killed and three
other men •were wounded by bullets.
The dead:
ANDREW XEBROUTSKI, shot in
forehead.
KIOT AT STOCKYARDS
"Breaker*' Opens Fire When
Crowd Gathers Around the
Cars to Jeer at Inmates
• .One Striker Is Killed and
•: . Three Wounded in an
Attack Upon a Train
NON-UNION MAN
USES REVOLVER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 21, 1904.
29
JOE IIOSEXUEUG'S. I JOE KOSEXBEKG'S. | . JOE ROSENBERG'S. | JOE ROSENBERG'S. | JOE ROSENBERG'S. | JOE ROSENBERG'S.
THiT f$$$ff£*M fi/TT^B tfkhf TfitiP ' The Star Manufacturing Company's Show Room Samplss. "^s_»^i____7__St
SMMM^ ITJg^&^v^ %j*J £] g MU3& W / E \ff$T * — 9flE OF THE LARGEST EASTfR\ FACTORIES— : whue bhist waist depast.
\!i5^S_flv Wi FACTORY CLOSED ON ACCOUNT - ' The quality and fit is known from the Atlantic to the Pacific. M^^Tgcnuin© white Persian lawn.
/>, -f^W W OF STRIKE f?£30UGff7AT Made of cambric ' nainsook, muslin and Jones cloth. In chemises sno^ider^ y of Vn n s d n S h OT \Leid Oo^cl
',, a n^1' &* i W'. /«»_*¦* ;!.__. -L»Vgl . ~ms. m m A »-. gowns, corset covers, drawers, an d also skirt chemises ; trimmed and insertion; fun shirred front and
Mi I 5Oe>te*ON THE DOLLAR. Swiss embroidery tucks and ¦' lace ; also hemstitching : th P e U W.^^_Si. B^JaS
i' Li ¦< \mmM, m T %HSP. NIG $?<- TSF&S&f " ""^ day at th ° and Teneriffe work. There are 8953 .samples, no two alike. Space -de of gce^natch th.^ke.^
MViVvW^V / #' l! jM- / 't / &W'li%\ JJ/ 1 1 Head every article. It's a case Will only permit US to describe a few. Here S your opportunity to tity lasts 81.5O
(^S_S__I_^I^W^H-h8I€| I ' yJj $1 NioHT«K>wws E . S .' W -£« 0 "^ win _nd some b "7 muslin underwear at less than you could buy the material for. _• -r-s _-O-~rr eavhio totj _b
vl^^^rav ' HlPf>i 7/i' 7Sc mieht7 good offer -g" *«•¦ The early bird will have the best opportunity. , apteb
i\ vC^v-^^^Sa^^iCS^ ***z-+±&////tiiH W£ Y// «. _ ._ - , ._. . Here It Is, In AUover _ace cr Webb!-?.
I\^_^___J^\ —^Lj.<C/ S1 ' 50 LADIES' SADIES 1 GOWN— LADIES 1 GOWN— SADIES 1 GOWN— 1000 yards ORIENTAL. VENICE,
>v Tnt^-'*'""""""^ NIGHTGOWNS .. . made of soft .bleached nainsook. Mad« of Lonsdale cambric; Trilby Made of Jones cloth; th» new Floro- POINT DE GENE and CLUNY— All
\T t^§^S il ! >£ l WE$ i aA f *° ' V ' B -••><- square yoke, elaborately trimmed yoko with tucks and lace insertion dora yoke, trimmed with, twelve is inches wide and over. In white.
iai^Ip iS 1* ¥?S\V*. «-vo*fct>\ .,„ _ . _, T _ - , with English thread lace and inser- trimmed. Wholesale price JC a rows of Valenciennes lace insertion; ecru and Arabian. Many different
i% J^-jS^i s * »fK«l ¦ t »\ -I mtrTrnx; t iT-ut-*t tion; wholesale price $12 a dozen. dozen. Sample price SOe cuffs and sleeves trimmed with lace patterns and designs to choose from
*-™W&\ fcttW* 6 - \ \ 5tK5.5_a.5^i W »» Sample price Each 75« to match. Wholesale price $15 a —not one worth less than 75c and
r^^"i^$3~^ <***&_ ** \ \. PETTICOATS O.ic cirTn-<_. BiriBT CHEMISE- dozen - Sample price Each 93c some aa high as $1.50. which will be
4fe_%ft !?u»' % ;,i£3££i§g5s_^ i^Sisa \ LADIES' SB .IKTS— . oiUtti bxtxaJn~B_i— nlaced en our har*ain counter for
~"*iir£ r TTp^|lS5^»^C\ *f»S&~ V UJ ' ' " I S1.50 I.ADIES' NAIN- Made of Wamsutta muslin, trimmed Made of Lonsdale muslin; Trilby TiADIES' SKIIITS— ..... jqc
-J<1 ''iM^ffft',! B|B» \ I SOOK SKIISTS ._. . w j t h a deep flounce of Swiss em- yoke; Swiss embroidery and inser- Made of New York mill muslin,
—^ '''III I fK \ I "f «JoC broidery and tucks; also dust ruffle. tion to match, with neat, small tucks. trimmed with a 20-inch flounce and 3 if WE HAVE YOUR 8X_S OS
"*-"--»:~JJ 1 _^A \- .£« _ _,_ ___,___.____»,- Wholesale price J12 a dozen. Our deep flounce embroidery trimmed. rows of Valenciennes insertion and C omp «rsr t«! -vann. oppoh-
"^^^i^^-^ +£, \># 25c COESET COVXB3 sample price Each GoO Factory price $12 a dozen. Our sam- tucks and finished with lace to m^ «rV t*bt nrrt
W ft -,--.-.o ' Pie price Each 75c match. Wholesale price $15 a dozen. 3£» ??J-~^ DEI^
// 1 — r~\ DBAWEBS — Sample price Each J)5c PUENCBC XIX* GLOVES —
" ~T "^ 15c CO3SST C0VEB3 Made of soft bleached muslin; deep _.__, _-,.-,-,-«, * .............. . . Made of picked skin; three rows of
•-^~^ })C flounce; umbrella shape. Price. 15c T ' AJil * ls DRAWEKS— CORSET COVER — stitchlns on the back; tv.o patent
_.___ _ nM _ w -»tt tttth tiTn-R.-r airmnnr Made of soft bleached nainsook; new Made of soft bleached muslin; fln- clasps: overseam stitching. In reds.
«J5SEL nr> -?tv£ TotbcW" who know and those who I.ADIES' DBA WEBS— cut; trimmed with three rows thread ished French seams; has a V-shaped tans, modes, grays, blacks, whites.
«™-o^ T ? «««^ C 5-=™ J" don't know of th! Sood auaYity Made of Lonsdale cambric; umbrella lace insertion and tucks and finished and rounded neck. Price 5c Not all sizes .in every color. It will
PEICES TO3 GOOD HOSIESV. nf thosoLadies' Under-annents shape; trimmed wtih a 4-inch wide with deep lace to match. Factory „„___._ „«____. pay you to come and see where you
Twenty-five years of handling them v-hiHi hive been •nw-irded the embroidery ruffle; also tucks. Man- price $9 a dozen. Our price CORSET COVEB- can &et a $1 . 00 Glove for 50c
has taught us all the defects and we SfiS 1^ moHtswhenl^er exhibit- ufacturer's price ?4 a dozen. Our Each 4Oc Made of Lonsdale cambric; tight fit-
are always. improving on them. Here »'•» T lie- are made of specially P rice 20c tin^= Maltese lace trimmed. Price A "-jej. is KNOWW BT ITS TBTHT.
dcrnrkrd- WhlCh C3me t0 US Un " picked ya'rn, sanitary shrunk, velvet SKIBT CHEMISE— LADIES' SZIKTE— ' 1 * C THE PBICE CTJTTEB IS KNOWN
1 finish; in summer and medium Made of soft bleached muslin. Made of Lonsdale muslin, trimmed COESET COVES— BT THE VAI.UE HE GIVE3. THE
LADIES' EOSE — weight; high neck and long sleeve3 rounded yoke effect; trimmed with with a deep hemstitched flounce. Made of nainsook; Valenciennes lace XETSES O-OVE IS HKOWS TO
Made of medium weight English anfi h! £li ? ieck aR(i , short sleeves. a nems titched tlounce. Wholesale Factory price $5 a dozen. Our sam- and hemstitched tucked trimmed. HAVE XfO EQTTAZi POE QXTAX-tTT
thread, fast black, white feet. Just T1 « h *? and P ants , u " ee n , v . or ank J^ price $7 50. Our sample price. .5Oc pl« price .; Each «{)c Hoc ahb PIT-
the Hose for sore and tender feet length; open or closed. Those who " . * _^ » vt - ' — .»-» -_x —
Price Hoc have worn them will wear no others. TQ WOMEN WHO WSAB sttlisb HAre O&NAUENTS WHT HOT GST YOUR HEW COB- Made of suede lisle Paris point
_ADt_S' HOSE- PS """" S ° me S?X-!SSS COMBI_TATIO_T ?5tS %^^cf SETS HOW POB TOUB PAI.I. Sip^"^^? moae Tan "I £S
Vade o °EnST* thread Rembrandt » IIere is some ood readin S «>r you- made of whlt< L Tor * on f , shell> ,T h J c1 } »3ESSES? and white STdflttSig; inexpensive
r ibbed silk embroliVred lnsSS ftst WHEN THESE IS AHTTHINQ HEW High neck and long sleeves, ankle wears better than Tortoise; polished We have just received all the new Price ?...„.... ..?,Oc
black PHce «»oc You will be sure to lind It at length; the Oneida style; the kind teetjii^ smooth finished so as not to shapes. .Why not buy them now and c °" c
- " >1 - t!ie p r i CG Cutter's especially in un- you button across the shoulders; jer- hurt the most tender head; back set take your time to have them tltted? THESE W_X_ BE SO-LE CBEAT SO-
LADILS' HOSE— der garments Here is a Ladies' sey knit; 10 per cent wool: seam- with rhinestones. Price Altered and fitted free. Only ex- . rNQB
Made of gauze lisle, stainless black, Undervest. made of pure Vega silk, l<-ss and glove fitting; medium r0 B AUTOMOBILIHO OB TACE P"ts in attendance. teat h»* Goods Dm»rtment 11
full finished. Price H5c low neck and sleeveless, with the weight; in gray only. We could not PBOTECTOBS. • ««S TSShU tS U «£^S-
new shield shaped armholes, which buy them again at the factory at tho What about a * SILK CREPE VEIL. I.A BOHITA— Qooa Qn *~'* *a*X> ovr Prlc «
LATODBY BII.I,S ABE FRIGHTS , prevents your dress from being price we are retailing them. Price full 18 i nc hes wide. In navy, brown. The corset of quality, but at a low Will Do It.
Since the trust got hold of them. soiled from perspiration; swiss rib- $1.00 black and white; soft on the eyes price; made of twilled English LADIES' HAHD SAGS—
What about a black petticoat — no bed, elastic and soft as velvet; in _._ D tlaf_S AWD FACE pro. and more so on the purse. Por yard sateen; princess hip. double side Made of pressed alligator skin, moire
washing or ironing needed then? pink, blue, cream and white. . Price ¦ ttix - —^0-3 ALL Ilff OirE 25c stce H also stral S ht front steels; lined; coin purse inside to match;
Made of black nearsilk; deep flounce, 50c ilwujw ,„ •", r whb. n »r»Trn Tf-iurA-w— . ttta- r circular cut and hand gored; lace e^tra strone steel frame with a
trimmed with two small ruffles, 64 inches long. 18 inches wide; made ™ GBEATEB i DEMAITO THAH trImmeU . You cannot realize what braided leather handl e.Pr?ce. 7.45c
with six rows of tailor-stitched WE HEVEB POBGET THE LITTI.E of allsilk chantilla. In the new , nvar JT,J^.f w n _ -o,vv nn r, rn a good corset this is at such a low ~7™^ °
bands. They hang well and fit well OHES flower and edge. In navy, brown Ladles Overco liars or R bbonFro- price. Como and you'll be the Judge. AB -. -- OTT -mas-two hotts-h ob
isfggi^ nys^n Ser^£«s l^SSiS *Sss»_?a--_ s
°ii^ilgii EH%;H'S% t «i %--^,^,-. a T?^ e:-----:»^ rnr?HB?»:r: WBg§zM&M
Su:ts. also a sample line the cele- O f French thread- perfect finish The new bodice pin, made of nickel- price ot, m ide cxDresslv for you It is the Battenbers lace and linen center;
brated Marquis and Knickerbocker S^S^?f^^iS^m^h^SSA "o7 an P arUcU 19 ° INSTEAI > 0F 25 °- , empire sha^e? French gir- f«"_ 18 » nc a h " ?}** r a n nd A 4 Ko lncl i2-
makes; known all over for fit and French bands; in white only. Price "« lne^ nsU e f or an artlcle^° LADIES' VESTS, low neck and no die corset. Made of double-faced lo . n S- lwa >f a 8Old . / .J. or J, 3 « B ?l__S2
finish. Here is one made of French o- c this. Pnce 10c gleeves, deep lace yoke; also arm- all-silk satin ribbon,- corded edge, advertise this stock— this week a
lawn in white with black dots, black A POBM IMPBOVEB AHD HOSE holes and V eck trimmed with lace aluminoid boning, military straight P rlce ; 51. Jo
SS. 1 . t £a U r^id? m^_St W !__dS A Jsu^POBTEB OO_aJ_S»_! ° SE Sfd^ope^wo?^!^ riol^ bSr? h |?pS?b5- ?3& PEGGIE PBOM PABIS-
with a full pouch front; also the „ ,. . ° OIlIlA r :B^, r - r ,^*_ onri Made with a curved shaped pad and effect. At the Price Cutter's. . .10c white You could not get a better The up-to-date leather bagr; made o<
inr<,i Sigsl sis . .ass '"¦¦ ??s? A ¦"« rf r rt j_;f to to ,ai,r^ i sr_E_ asr &sr«a? 1 2d" < ssf iss » s? «» & r. 8 i.oo = ,,., : «^s*^sr na t^s:
*" ' wheel patterns; made of Point de instead of 50c, at the Price Cut- chain. In tans, brown and black. __,»_,_, _,«»--«. Price £1 OO
TO THOSE WHO HAVE THE HABIT Veniselace. Our secret inspector ters o~ c Price _>5 C STOUT WOMEH— xrllco ox.vv
„ tL W , H . . - . T HABIT has found them marked elsewhere ""- Who have had their corsets made to _______ _,.,¦«--_ -.-,¦-..-.-. -_
OF -StEEPING OUT-OP-DOOBS f or $2 50, here at the Price Cut- = order, we would like to have you STTMMEB WAISTS GBEATZ.T BE-
rOB THE HEALTH — tor's S1.1O K3 4&5\ SS3SS F^k 0P& tf^L R 6 * B\ H G~Bk E 81 R 8^ (ff^ TUC Inspect these Nemo, self-reducing DtJCED.
Ji<rr> arc r-nmo FLANNEL GOWNS OT_33if J U 8 H R U." a laH H a 9 N H B h I IlL rorpets; gives a slendernes3 to Made of percale, lawns, maflraa and
made of Daisy flannel, medicated and IP THE BEST IH E.IB3ONS IS ?J E % ? Rsg H g A fc MfS B« Ua g^ B ra , waist and reduces the abdomen by cheviots; In checks, figured, dots and
steam shrunk; square yoke, with 12 TTONIJ TOO GOOD gj a K C&- • ff» a g - S Be* B |(j aTvk H g DDlPL PIITTCD the P a tent self-reducing straps; stripes; son© tucked, others plain;
deep tucks; deep rolling collar; This Is the store to buy them at a 1 Ej j 5 " K n i-9 O L, g W \Uf Em Q H tL« I niUL"UUI I LM made of Imported Italian cloth. mostly all trimmed with large pearl
cuffs, yoke and collar laco and low price: 3-inch wide, all «<ilk plaid >- f| &¦ j 2 " w WB^ ° ** boned with rust-proof steels; em- buttons; large puff sleeves, with
feather-stitched trinrned; very pen- ribbon; 1i!k1i luster finish; cordort N n K W % rtio. «./i t ««_ A)r . ~,. . broidery trimmed. Equal if not Queen Bess cuff3; detachable col-
erously made in width and length. effect; reversible, washable; in all M—Bj ©Jn* &-» OIO IMdrKCt SlTGGu II U rarrCll OuGBt. better than any other corset for lars. with tab and over collars;
In pink, blue and cream. Price . the new bright colors; for hair or »__n quality; warranted, fitted and altered $1 25, $1 60. $1 75 and $2 00 quality
Sl.OO neckwear. Price Per yard UOc , MAIL OBDEBS SOLICITED If necessary. For SS.75 on our bargain counter. Now..75c
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ygsSF/i^ MM M^P Pure beer — Schlitz beer — is the best drink in,
B^J&lr^^af$$^^ The malt is a food; the hops a tonic. The •
Jpy^^^p alcohol---only y/ 2 per cent — is an aid to }
/^/^^^^ digestion; a healthful stimulant.
ff' The most healthy nanons in the world — the most hardy, most
j] - energetic -—drink the most of it.
But the beer must be pure. Impurity means harmful germs;;
That is why we brew Schlitz in absolute cleanliness^— why we
filter even the air that touches it and sterilize every bottle- ,
And the beer must Be aged. Green beer causes biliousness.
That's why we age Schlitz for months before we market il
SchBtz beer is '.absolutelY pure; it can't harm you. v Ask for
tos Angcrcs-SHERWOOD & Stt£R\VCOD»Sen Francisco >^^
rj&E*-'&P'2 '•
I.KADIXQ BUSINESS COLLEGE OF THE
WEST.
Over 24 Pott Ft., Gan Francisco. Cal.
_t_b. 40 yrera. Op«s entire ye ar.day & nj»ht-
Wr:'.» for circulars (free).
_^*+* Polyt«clix_o Bml-
—-j^^i^^Sw aes« College and
Sch ° o1 °^ Engl-
•S_£>^>j3^§*5 i ,t* neerms-. Oakland,
fe'^'Siit Sfci__^ Cal. — Lejgest and
I^^FrmSi_^_|9_3 be8t 4 -chooi
ExSt t^jif j !Uri£5-»;'' 1 i3* of buslr.^ss, »horthar.4
Vir^wS5^S?7fyi. and «^gineerlcy west
fg_|YT^lC?VV- x> !4>''^' r f, chlca EO. Perfect
100-per* Catalog.*.
THE —."VCSECJAT.
. As wccre<*3te6 prepaxatory achocl for th» nni-
t-rrtlty. law t:.d medical collerea, ta well
kno»-a for lta careful and thorough work. Com*
and be with ua; we prepare you well; refer-
ences. Preeldect Jordan or any Stanford pro-
« letter. Fcelan Uu"«!r.r.
L. H. GRATJ. Ph. p^ PrlndpaL
fei I U I -J* LJ BUSINESS COLLEGE
w\'_Pi 3k^ Bookkeepln*. Typinr.
Mil K *1 R\l . c br,rthar.d, Penniar^hip.
U i 3 II VV KTul Individual lnatructlon.
I ' _- 1 H nk\ * a *^'j Corcbined Course, $3 a
•— — ¦ —___——> _"^ » moDth: day and eve
Bancroft Bldg.. 723 Market St.
BELMONT SCHOOL
FOK BOTS. BELMOJfT. CAI_— Opena for ne—
pCF"a Auc 15. For Jormer puplla Aug. IT.
W. T. REID. A. M.. Harvard. Head Master.
WAfrx'Y. V.' .t" Wt-7 S3 Is the most practical;
M^f^|»^^S< vPJfi pert court reporters.
i *T_<ff7{{yf^ Send for Catalogue.
¦ ¦ ¦ *~Mw^S.. 1382 Market St.. S. F.
11/rcTCDH TBorocg-h business coarse, Er.g-
ULOlunn juh. bookkeeplnr. shorthand, ar-
lllfM :thmetic. tlg-ebra. etc.. Civil Ser-
P!l^ HtSS Individual instruction. Po-
bUwui-vw glUcna tOT graduates. Omo. (day)
rnilPCP *30; Eve. School. 6 mo.. $24.
LULLLUL jxo7 Market St.. cor. Seventh.
"ANDERSON ACADEMY,
IBVINGTON. California.
First term of 1903-04 begins on August 10.
VIIXIAM WALKER ANDERSON. Principal.
Hitchcock Military Academy
BAN BAFAEL, CAL.
' * * V.JLX. REOPEN ca Auzurt 18.
Apply to ths Principal.
• IRVING INSTITUTE.
Bosrdir-- and dar school ror young; ladles and
,,..1, c^-. 21^0 i^lifornla etreet. Will reopea
Accuit 1 l»04. Accredited to U»» untverslUee.
BEV EDWARD B. CHURCH. A. M. Principal.
Mount Tamalpais Military Academy
£AN RATAE-, CAl*.
Jurlor scfcocl separate. Fall term be_1n» An*.
17. ABTUUB CBOSBX, D.D., Head. JIuur." "Wei;.* I said, T can't see how you
make •Turner 1 out of "Phthologn-
¦" "That is my own name,' he an
*^\ered. ' 4 PhtholognyiTh-"— "Turner."
• That's my name.*
*'I am not a spelling reformer." said
Governor I^a Follette of Wisconsin,
"but a friend of mine named Turner
nearly made one of me once.
"Turner and 1 were traveling to
gether: We came to a certain hotel,
and there, to mv amazement, the man
registered:
•• "H. C. Phi holosn yrrh.'
"" "What is the matter with you?' I
exclaimed. "Why do you adopt that
remarkable alias? Have you commit
ted seme crime?' said I.
*' 'No. ir-deed.* said Turner.
" Then why don't you register your
ovu n£in??' fcaid I.
English as She Is Spelt.
"Scenic Treasures of California," the
most complete souvenir book ever issued;
price 75 cents.. Souvenir. Department.
fianb.ora.yaJl & Co, 241 Market &t, •
The Samuel Buckbees are ' booked for
a European trip, leaving for tha Eajt
There Is, however, a splendid prom
ise of sport when the game I is reafly
begun. Of course there will be the
balls— the Daughters of the Confeder
acy charity ball, the Assembly
and the Fortnlghtlies— the latter, per
haps. But as Mrs. • Salisbury is In
much better health— even In fairly, good
health— It Is more than probable that
this Institution will be continued in' its
usual elory. If it Isn't more's the pity.
The Past Dictators' Association of
the Knights of Honor will give a con
cert and dance to its many friends In
the assembly hall of the Alcazar
building: on next Wednesday evening:.
This will be an invitation affair to all
members of the order and such as
they may desire to bring: with them.
The Ladies* Auxiliary ; will, , for the
first . time, assist at a social function.
Past .Dictators to Dance.
SOCIETY NOTES
The parade committee of the Independ
ent Order of Odd Fellows and Grand
Marshal General H. E.Black are busy at
this time ararngtng ths details of the
grand parade that will take place In this
city during the session of the Sovereign
Grand Lodge. The event will b« on Sep
tember 23 and the procession will^ be
made up of at-least 20,000 Odd Fellows,
representing the various branches, di
vided into ten or twelve divisions.
The reports from th« members of the
order in various parts of the Stats In
dicate that they will make a magnifi
cent showing In the procession. The
Indications are that the members of the
different branches will form by coun
ties and several . counties will be as
signed to a division. In each division
there will be at least one lodge of Re
bekahs, and in some there will be more.
Alameda County expects to have at
least 1000 members of the order In line.
Santa Clara and Sacramento counties
about 500 each. Vallejo promises a fine
showing, Los Angeles will keep up the
reputation of the southern Odd Fellows,
while far-off San Diego will come from
the border county with special features.
Nearly every county has already fur
nished an approximation of the num
ber will participate.
There will also be representatives
from Boston, New York, Philadelphia,
Chicago, St. Louis, Atlanta, Richmond,-
New Orleans, Cleveland. Milwaukee
and other prominent sections of the
Union, and these will help swell the
ranks on the day of the parade.
The Rebekah branch of the order ex
pects to have a number of floats in line,
and even the comparatively new town
of Richmond will send down a beauti
fully decorated float. This branch Is
discussing, plans for the celebration of
Rebekah day, which. will fall on Sep
tember 20. In a few days the commit
tee having charge of this affair will be
ready to mai^e a complete report.
On September 21 there will be an ex
cursion on the bay on the steamer
Berkeley. This will be under the super
vision of a' committee of which Captain
J. T. Jones is the cKairman.
The Inf ernatlonal Press Association of
publishers of Odd Fellow publications
will hold its annual session on Septem
ber 19. These visitors will be enter
tained by the press committee of the
Sovereign Grand Lodge reception com
finlttee.
During the week of the session of the
grand body the secretaries of the va
rious grand lodges of the Union and
tJac grand scribes of the several grand
Twenty Thousand Members
, of Order Will Be in Line
in the Grand Procession
The Association of Pioneer Women
of California will celebrata Its third
anniversary by giving a social and
literary entertainment in Golden Gat*
Hall on Saturday afternoon. August
27. between the hours of 2 and 6. Ths
following progTamma will be ren
dered: Address by the president.
Mrs. Anna E. Mclntyre; instrumental
solo, Mrs. C. E. Thompson; prison
scene from "II Trovatore," Eric and
Elizabeth Davis, accompanied by
Mme. Roeckel; cornet solo, "Sounds
From the Alps." Carl Reitz; address
by Senator George C. Perkins; reci
tation. Mrs. G. Crittenden; song, Ar
thur Morgenthal, accompanied by
Mr. Radford; instrumental solo. Mls3
Frances Casslnettl; "Early Days la
California," Mrs. E. M. North; song.
Miss Viola Van Orden. accompanied
by Miss Emily Van Orden: recitation,
"A Comedy Monologue," Miss Mildred
Ludlum; instrumental solo. "1 Love
Thee," "Spring Song," Miss H. Koa
minsky; song by the audience, "Days
of *49."
Pioneer Women.
ODD FELLOWS
WILL PARADE
There's a b In every bonnet.
encampments will each hold a session
for the exchange of ideas and for th«
good of each organization.
The Odd Fellows' building is under
going internal renovations to have It In
first-clas3 condition when the thousands
of strangers shall come here.
Timothy Hopkins and wife are at
Del, Monte, so too are the. Harry Sher
woods. The Henry Foster Duttons go
down next week in their auto to re
main over for the meet.
Mrs. Walter Hobart and Mrs. Alex
ander Lillie are spending several pleas
ant weeks at Lake Tahoe. They <3o not
expect to return until the last of the
month, -when they will go at once to
Del Monte. A happy pair these sisters
make! Since taking the rest cure at
the San Rafael a montV or two ago,
Mrs. Hobart is looking as. radiant as
when- she was handsome Hannah Wil
liams.
On September 7 Miss Violet Fife will
become the bride of Lawrence Foster.
The service will be celebrated at St.
Paul's, with Miss Beatrice Fife as maid
of honor. Fenton Foster, brother of
the groom, will serve him at the altar.
That's- a mighty clever wedding gift
that Mrs. Fif» is presenting to the
young people — a beautiful horn; oppo
site the family mansion on California
street.
The Bishop Armltage Orphanage at
San Mateo will be given an entertain
ing benefit on Saturday, September 3,
at "Uplands," the country place of Miss
Jennie Crocker and Templeton Crocker,
in the shape of an old-fashioned cross
roads fair. It is to be given under the
auspices of the board of managers, who
are: Mrs. Austki Tubbs, president;
Mrs. Henry T. Scott, vice president;
Mrs. E. Duplessls Beylard, secretary;
Mrs. W. B. Hooper, treasurer, and Mrs.
William S. Tevis, Mrs. Francis Caro
lan. Mrs. George Gibbs, Mrs. Mount
ford Wilson, Mrs. J. D. Grant, Mrs.
George Pope and Mrs. Daniel Drysdale.
On next Wednesday afternoon Miss
Frances Johnes, daughter of Com
mander and Mrs. C. B. T. Moore, will
become the bride of Lieutenant John S.
Graham, tf; S. NA ;
The service will be celebrated -at St.
Peter's Church, Mare Island.
Miss Grace McKinley, a niece of the
late well beloved President, Is visiting
her cousin, Mrs. George C. Morse, at
157S Fell street.
in December. Their machine? "Well, 'tis
hardly credible, but they will leave
their four-wheeled pet behind. Who
knows but they may take it along?
Mrs. Buckbee is one of the handsom
est women in Western smart society.
yrrh." "What is your object, anyway,
in using such peculiar spelling?'
" 'Oh,' said my friend, 'when I used
to reslster plain "Turner" I attracted
no attention. Now, though, my name
excites a great deal of wondering com
ment. People study It. They ask one
another what rav nationality can be.
Even now, you will notice, there is a
little crowd buzzing over the registerr
"Phtholognyrrh" is good English spell
ing for "Turner," too. In the "phth"
there is the sound of "t" as in "phthis
is." In the "olo" there is the sound of
"ur" as in "colonel." The "gn" is "n"
as in "gnat," Finally in the "yrrh"
there is the sound of "er" as In
"myrrh." There you have it. Phth
olognyrrh — Turner.* " — Buffalo En
quirer.
>T DEL MONTE: Mr. and Mrs, H. h!
Bherwood and Master Sherwood, C. E. Wor»
den, San Francisco: A. W. Simpson, Stock
ton; Mra. J. F. Francis, Miss G. M. Domin
guez. Mrs. E. S. H. Day. Loa Angeles; T. A.
Castillo, F. A. Castillo. Mexico; J. D. Barn
hill, New York; Wintton Hallery. Miss Beat
rice Maybury, San "Mose: Mrs. L. P. Wlel,
H. T. Weil. William Haaa. San Francisco:
Dr. Charles H. Walter, San Jose; Mr. and
Mrs. J. J. Crooks and maid, San Rafael; J.
S. Severance. Judere Sloes, Mrs. J. H. Hecht.
J. E. Clinton. M. S. Grinbaum, Maurlca
Etarne ond family, San Francisco; D. J. D.
Bloom. New Orleans, Mrs. L. P. Eisenbury,
Miss Ella Eiaenbury, Baltimore: Dr. Grund,
Germany; Mr.' and : Mrs. Batchelder, Miss
Batchelder, Menlo Park; Miss A. Bard. Hus
tv?me; Mr. and Mrs. S. Strauss, Cincinnati:
Mrs. M. Heller. Miss Houghtnn, F. E. Booth,
San Francisco: ¦ J. Kruohnltt Jr.. Chicago;
Mr. and Mrs. G. B. Miller. Philadelphia, Mrs.
Boardman, Kenneth Boardman, Mls«es Board
man. Mew York: Mr. and Mrs. C. W. Baker,
Cincinnati: .Mr. Rnd Mrs. C. W. Spauldlng,
Chicago: Mr. and Mrs. Timothy Hopkins,
Menlo Park: G. Opear, London ; Mr. and Mrs.
C. W. Gowthe. Sacramento: Chsrler P. Starr,
Mrs. L. HoDe Norton, New York.
AT KLAMATH SPRINGS: From San Fran
cIpco—O. J. Huested, Charles S. Levy, Jo«
Bchlosra. J. S. Etelner. I. J. McKean, R. Wel
don, V on Roman, G. W. Ransom, H. T. Cope
land. \ From Stockton — W. C. Neumlll*>r, wife
and t*ro children. From Reddlnr— J. R. Watt.
From/ Portland — C. H. Dusenbury. From
Yanlx, Ore. — K. C. Egbert and family. '
AT GILROY HOT SPRINGS: From Ban
Francisco— E. G. Tibbetts» W. O. Reed, John
T. Aabel, Victor J. Damozonio, F.-B. Wieland
and wife. H. L. Brown and wife, V. F. Lar
kins, C. B. Manuel, Miss Josephin« Thomas,
Miss Catherine Tallman. R. A. Hendrlck, V.
F. Schuler and wife, E. H. Cavanaugh, Dan
iel Norton and wife, J. D. GUbrlde. John
Wobbe.r and wife, N. H. Kelberg. W. K.
Doyle and wife, C. H. Lucas. W. E. McElroy,
Ed P. Watson and wife. S. J. WickerBham.
E. S. Freeman, Miss. Cor* Bangs. Mrs. M.
M. Crane, P. J. Long, Mrs. Henry Kenney,
Mies Maud White, G. M. Mitchell. M. E.
Chrisman, D. E. Crawford. J. E. Taylor and
wife. G. M. Werner, Edwin Ttmmlns and
wife, Mrs. Mary Roman, L. D. Shafus, A. L.
Hlckmot, W. B. Graves and wife. Miss May
Graves, J. L. Corder. C. L. Short. George
B. Fuekett, Frank W. Ryan. Mrs. Mabel
Roth. G. W. McKadden and wife. From Wat
sonville — Mrs. Mary Kerns. Miss Kathryn
Kerns, Bosh Parker. From Berkeley — Miss A.
L. Waterman. From Haywards— J. D. Oll
verlra. From Rio Vista — J. F. Serpa. From
San Jose — John Harlzoke, Miss Winifred C.
Wheeler. From Portland-— J. G. McMabun.
From. Chicago — H. Caro. ! From Pan Fran
cisco — Dr. Clark Bumham, T)r. Louis W. Al
len, D. Kahn. Mrs. E. S. Hely, E. S. Hely,
Mrs. II. Alfentz. Ellen Ltndberg. J. D.
Warden, C. G. Bender, W. C. Leavitt and
wife, Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Hammer, Master
Earl Hammer. Edgar L. Tlourke, Mrs. A. At
kinson. From Oakland — Mrs. C. H. Layson.
Mrs. F. H. Gray. W. E. Beck. Mrs. W. E.
Beck. Harris Store. From 8tockton — Mrs. F.
B. Brown. Kdna M. Wtlley, Elcla E. Flower
Ethel WlUey, Gay Harris. M. *S. Wood, F..
Flower Om»ga, F. E. Woods. From Goldfield,
Nev. — Hugh Nelson. From Sacramento —
Mr. and. Mrs. W. H. Wharton, Mr. and Mrs.
J. H. Wiseman. From Los Angeles^ — Mrs W.
P. Durham, I. W. Shirley and wife,. Mlns
Mae TJlyn, Charles Segler. Mr. and Mrs. H.
H. Kerchoff. Mr. and Mra. D. G. Stephens.
Mra.- Charles Form«n. From New York — Mlns
Jacob!. MIfs Rena Jacobl, Frank. E. Rufel,
Mrs. J. Rafel. From Yuba — Herbert Blak*
ler Whltton. From Riverside — D. Cochrane
and wife. Miss M. M. Green. From Berkeley —
Mrs. L. E. Hutton. From San Jose — Geral
dln« Hatch. Mm. T. Hatch. From Virginia
City, Nev.— .R. M. Jackson. From Tahoe Tav
ern — F. W. Richardson. From Honolulu —
Rosco* W. Perkins.
AT THE TALLACV From San Francisco —
M. H. Ellis and wife. Mrs. Wil
liam M. Stare, H. E. Stare, Carl
Lud*mann. wife and child. Mr. and Mrs. Don
ald G. Campbell, E. F. KJndall and wife. H. J.
Small. Miss Mary Small, Mr. and Mrs. W. R.
Ormsby, Charles A. Vogelsang, Mrs. W. P.
Colo Jr.. Mr. and Mrs. Leonard Georges, Mrs.
James Madison. Miss Ida B. W*ed. Miss M.
L. Whitclwr, Mr. and Mrs. Warren D. Clark.
Mrs. N. H. Bray and daughter, Mrs. Lilly
Burke, Isaac Upham, Miss A. McElroy, Mrs.
A. Franzen. Mrs. H. Franien. H. C. Owens.
Mrs. H. C. Owens, Edgar L. Rourke. Theresa
V.J. McKenna, Santa Clara; Mr. and Mrs. M.S.
Arndt, Janet Arndt. Emily Bouquet, Stanley
Arndt. C. A. Jossa. Stockton; Peter Sorenson,
Haywards; Mr. and Mrs. A. Davais, Arthur
Davals. Carson, Nevada: E. Marks, Tonopah;
R. H. Bennett and wife. Frultvale; Mr. and
Mrs. Georee M. Constance, G. M. Fontalna,
San Jose; Mrs. Vernon Jones, Mrs. C H. Lay
son. Mrs. F. H. Gray, C. F. Weber, Oakland:
H. OTallan and wife. New York; Mn>. Charlea
Helman, Oroville: Frances- H. Bury, 'Flagstaff,
Ariz.; C. Trocomz, W. S. James and wife, N.
N. J. Northam and wife, Los Angeles; F. H.
Rawson. Chicago; Roscoe W. Perkins, Hono
lulu; Mrs. W. C. Grove, Modesto; Mis» Ella
Wellington. Stockton; Mr. and Mrs. H. B.
Lind. Goldfleld. Nevada; Mrs. R. Bernard.
Alameda: Mr. and Mrs. Henry Gundelflnger,
Fresno; Edwin J. Bowers Jr.. Chicago; Miss
Armstrong: Mlllflower, Emerald Bay.
AT BYRON HOT SPRINGS: From Ban
Francisco — J. H. Green, P. E. Green, Mrs.
White, Miss Schuyler F. L. Stow. Paul Brede,
Mrs. J. Breen, Mrs' Lee Less, Master Louis
Less. Dr. and Mrs. Henry Bernstein, Miss
M. G. Torpey E. H. Torpey, P. J. Knudsen.
S. Clayburgh," James E. Levin. Al«x Less,
John R. 6-ayers, Dr. Louis Stern. N. Steln
berger. Edward Pollltz, A. J. Brandensteln,
Mrs. F.. L. Stow and child, S. W. Water
house. Mrs. M. Klrsteln, Mrs. C. C. More
house. M. D. Maundrell, Edmund Herczel,
William P. Harrison, L. Less, J. Ruedlger,
Dr. and Mrs. Drucker, E. P. Barrett, A.
Tonn and wife, Mrs. T. Sorracco, Mr. and
Mrs. Max Schwabacher, Edwin Bachman.
Frank C. Lee, H. Gelshaker, Otto Branns
dorf, Mr». W. Sorenaon, G. Bayar, Father
P. R. Lynch. Michael Gueciamburn. From
Oakland — H. B. Taylor, John M. Chase, T.
A. Cox. From Merced— Mrs. Ell Grimes and
daughter, Manuel Leborn, G. E. Nordgren.
From Gras9 Valley — A. J. Brockington. From
Atwater — A. SHva. From Newman — Jos»
Alves, Jose Souza. From Brentwood — B. 611
vas. From Castella — Mrs. Emll Nusbaumer.
From San Mateo — B. Buchmann. From Berke
ley — H. Iverson. From Martinez — Sheriff R.
R. Veale. From Fresno — K. M. Nlohkian,
G. W. Cameron and wife. From Alameda —
I^eo Metzger. From Crockett— J. Petersen. J.
G. Brew. From San Andrea* — G. Tiscomia,
Mrs. G. Tiscomia, Wuldo Tiscomia. From
Los Angeles — Arnold Krauaa. From Eureka—
N. Carlsen. From Newark— A. E. Coldiera, A.
Martin. From Ifruitvale — Mrs. R. Tambling.
From Falrfleld — Mrs. K. Conroy, Mrs. E.
Graves. From San Pablo — Cornelius Lucey.
From Btent. Cal.— W. F. George, Major B. N.
Randolph, U. S. A.; Colonel Galnes Lawson,
U. S. A. From New York— W. da L. Bene
dict. From Honolulu — George H. Robertson.
John F. Bowler. R. B. Mullen.
AT CAMP, VACATION— Mra. J. Morgan.
Miss C Canavan Mrs. George B. Wilbur, Miss
M. Wilbur. Mrs.' George E Moore, Mrs. Hal
ton. Elizabeth Halton Edward Halton Mrs.
Jessie Harding Jones 'Mrs. Rehflsh and chil
dren. C. F. Thompson and wife. W. H. Pearce,
Miss Fink, Miss Thee, Joseph WaUln, Bernlce
Fields, Ruth SItton, Mollie Ryan. Laura M.
C. Ryan, Susie O'Brien Dora Hoffman, An
nette King. Mrs E. F Clark. Henry Popp,
Dr. William Barbat and wife, Mr. and Mra.
Blankenshlp. Alice Tironey. Sadie Rodgers,
Elain« Davis. Erba Harding. George iluncy,
John W. Schloeser. Howard A. Hagen. Carl
Quell malz. J. P. Stone, N. 8. Stone. J. F.
Stormneld and family, H. B. Deming. P. F.
Burchall. Miss Mary Findlayson, E. B. Porter.
George B. Dennick, M. H. Givordon, wife and
child. Mrs. A. Borchers, Mrs. J. Lehmann.
Miss M. Whltmore, Mlaa G. Seversmce, Mrs.
G. Borortla. Alic* Borortla. Mrs. J. C Homar,
Mrs. A. C. Hennessey T. H. Gould, C. W.
8everanc», Ethel Murray, Janice Burchall. R.
H. Such and wife, J. Bacon and wife, H.
Hauch. T. Ciasker J Sattler, John Offermann,
Misa Ferrin, R. drunewald.
AT SEIGLER SPRINGS: From San Fran
cisco — George Duffy Miss Mary Duffy, Miss
G. Duffy. Miss E* Wilton. Mrs. Sanborn,
Daniel C. Whaley C. Sherman and wife, Wil
liam Pldge, William Armstrong. Miss Rose
Armstrong, • H. M Ward Miss E. Terkleson,
W. B. Chamberlain. Miss G. Pras. Miss H.
McGowan, Miss E. Gelmann, Mrs. G. C.
Sweeney. Mica N. T. Carr. Miss H. Carroll.
Mrs. J. J. Carroll, M J. McBrearty. Miss
Jule Conway. A. Kissane John Crowley, Fred
Davis. Frank Foley James Stapleton, Ike
Tuchler. Miss L. McDonald, Miss A. Brennan.
Mrs. J. M. Brown, Miss A. Erickson, L. F.
Terkelson and wife, Eddie King. Miss L. Car
roll. Herman Pankow G F. Euler, Georse
Galownery. Mrs. J M. Galoney, Miss L. A.
Gc<3sll. Mrs. M. Godsll Robert Hoey. Miss
Ella Winters, Martin King, wife and family.
Miss E. F. Douglass August Vetter and wlfa.
Farley, W. T. Weston. Jim Killlan. "W. H.
Davis, J. F. Glover E. F. Farrell, James
Presho and wife, B. Bohn. T. J. Kelley.
AT BARTLETT SPRINGS: From San JFnm_
Cisco— C. H. AdamB, James J. Hayes J T
Da-ly. M. Shannon, Mrs. F. Segers R m"
Gilbert. From Eacramento— P. F. SuIUvarl and"
wife. J. O. Coleman and wife. Mrs. Bldrld
Charles Eldrld. Mrs. Jourdan. T. W. Heintzel
rnan. John Augustine, wife and children, Louis
Csiffaro and son. !». J. Scanlan. Henry Nich
olaus Jr., H. Schullm*yer, N. Chtsholm. From
Oakland— Claus Flathman, W. J. Whitney
MIks Stella Ro«. From San Jo«« Mrs w'
Christie, Loretta Chrirtle. From Upper Lak«
— R. O. Wilson, W. Smith. George Henry and
¦wife. • From Oroville — J. C. Osgrood and wife
From Willows— Mrs. TCarl Smith. From
Dlxon — George 8pe«l. Jullns Hamann. From
San Lsandro-^-Charles II. Hale. From Maltbv
—Mrs. F. Randall, Lima Randall. Paul "Ran
dall. From Walnut Creek— Zeta Ford. From
Houeh Springs — F. M. Mulkey. From Dnvin
ville — .T. F. Chllf*, Mrs. Chiles, H. G. ChliM
Frori Williams — George Able and family, Mrs!
J. B. Watson. From San Mates — Mr. an<i
Mrs. A. M. Easton, Mrs. M. E. McKnrtry, R
McMurtry. From Butter — Fred W. Bente an<l
wife. From Tucson, Ariz. — Benton • pick. S
J. Etoart. From Stanford University— Oliver
H. Clark. From Arbuckle — A. J. Johnson.
Homer Johnson. From Lewlston, Idaho— Ed
Fountain and wife, Guy, Fountain. From Con
cord — Mr«. J. M. Oliver* and children. Mrs.
M. R. Kreltas. From Cook's* Springs — B. A.
T>avlB. From Bakerefl eld — B.-'B."- Klnir, J.' T>.
Pchonenbach. From Oakland — Mrs. H. • Mat
thews, MImJI. Cunnlncham.: Jack Matthnws
and wife. 'X.lnyd Sterling:. Miss A. 'Brennan,
Ulu F.mma C*U», Mlsa Caxri* Cabla. Josem*
AT AETNA SPRINGS: From Baa Fran
cisco—Henry Lackman, Irving Rosenthal. Bob
Walsh. Franklin Bangs. Dr. John Wagner
Miss Ethel Wagner. Chester Wagner, George
Thomas and wife, . C. 8. Scott, J. B. Wright
Francis Goggins. Mis» Dorothy A. Wieland'
From Oakland — Wallace Everson and wife J
C. Collins and wife, W. H. Wlshart. wife and
two children. From St. Helena— John McCor
jnlck. W. A. Macklnder. From Bacraroento—
Mrs. C. F. Shwllk and two children. Fronv
Napa— Percy L. King, P. C. Hudson. A L
Voorhles. W. G. Corlett, Dr. R. F. Taylor and
wife. From Alnmeda— Jrweph J. Tompkln
son and wife, Joseph Seabrook. From Mel
bourne. Auntralia— Miss Mlnni* A; Nomens
Miss Josle B. Nomens. From Tonga, Friendly
Islands — Mls» Victoria M. Mandslay.
AT ADAMS SPRINGS: From Ban Fran
cisco — G. Under, B. J. Boylan, Mm W. C.
Herbert. Miss K. Brady, M. R. Moutharmont,
Mrs. P. M. Klcsane, Aileen Klssane. I Mrs.
O. BoJIrv Mrs. H. F. Berard, W. WUliams.
H. J. Gallagher. D. Stewart, H. C. Healy,
Peter Altube. Mrs. Altube, Mr. and Mr*.
Sprague, E. II. Colman. T. J. Colman, H. C.
Coesins. B. P. Ford, Miss II. Ford, Bert Cook.
.Miss K. Wolfe, George Dondero, Miss Jones,
|P. McPhee, B. Harrington. M. E. Carrigan,
M. Ilorran Lillian Jones. Grace Hamill, M.
Lilunshal, J. Braydrn, B. B. Cannon, w. G.
Sanborn. W. Kvuns, James Burk. H. T)
Welch, B. Baker. L. Baker, Lem Kelthly. J.
Bloom, R. Haltxnan, .1. D. Montgo. Mra J.
J. Carroll. Miss H. Carrol!, Loretta Carroll
Maude Beanes, Mrs. F. - Elbe, Dowell Elbe.
Mr. and Mrs. Barnes, Mr. and Mrs. King,
Mr. and Mrs. Dickie. William Hanson, Wil
liam English, Mrs. E. R. Clute, D. Bailey,
Mr. and Mrs. Kirk. W. Laughlnr. E. Hen
derson. B. J. Pyblcke, C. Pand!. Mr. Boklns
George Willis, Ed Lema. Bert Pine. Mrs.
Standeford, Mrs. Hurl, TV. F. Connelly, Mrs.
Williams. J. D. Forman. Mr. Grozlln. Jim
Ktephenson. Oorgc P«»vole, William Frazer
Mr. McGill, Mr. Traj-nor, J. W. Olson N
G. Gray. G. Bollman, Mr. Waltersteln E. F
Poll. Mr. Kohn, .1. C. Dorety, O. Barril*.
George Zlrker, Ed Thurber, E. McCoy, Mr.
and Mrs. Everts, J. Hettman. Otto Pmlth,
Mr. and Mre. Levy. Mr. Mathews, E. H
Layman. F. Stock. Fred RescomI, R. C. Cas
per. L. Lesser, George Stelgl»>r, R. C. Hinder
J. Sheridan, D M. Dunlap, E. H. Strom Ttfr
and Mrs. Hall, J. J. Buckley, O. Schuler,
?:dward Doell, John Jackson, Hwry Golsen
H. H. Klllott. W. E. Knowles, Mm. Heltman
H. C. Fruldle. W. B. Grander, O. H. Klm
bfr. E. J. Butler, Colonel Caivy^JX«,p.. Spil
lrvn. Fred Miller, Mr. and Mrs.-Thode M
Burns. 1°. C. Barton. W. fiheperson. G c'
'^ordy. W. Mathews, Mr. Butl»r, 3. TX Koh
ler. L. H. Brink, J. C Jones, William Piere*
J. S. Stmder, E. H. Hall, Mr. and Mn'~
Perkins, George Stare, Mr. Keyes, Mr
O'Brien. L. Bogga, Mr. Oulna, Mrs. St. John.
Tom Corman. Mr. Do-Da, Captain Bloom. Miss
P. Hart. Miw Sullivan, Mr. and Mr«. Gib
lln, H. C. Minard. J. H. Bernard, Geonra C
Grace. J. Hegarty, P. Hegarty, Miss B.
Hunter. Mr. Gould. George Blum, Paul Carter
Nash Baker, Clara Baker, Bert Wren. James
Ward, Sir. Davis, Mr. and Mrs. Johnston,
Master Johnston, Rev. Dr. Jones and wife
Miss Doran. William KanS, J. Reedy',
James Rohen. D. Hed«rmark, Mrs." Etorey
T. Mold»n •• Tllll* Wlckley, Mr*. I^r
anee. Bessl« Loranoe. Miss Staford, Misa
Clark. Georga Clark. Ann Miller, Mra. Ray
Bennett.
AT AGUA CALIENTB SPRINGS: From
San Francisco — F. J. Silvey, P. II. Horan. Mrs.
M. C. McGrath. Miss Elizabeth Kelly, L.
Shores. Mies Eliza Murphy. J. L. Bett«e,
Walter M. Cary, Mr. and Mrs. Schwarke,
Hannah Breen. William M. Dolan. Mrs. W.
M. Dolan, Mrs. W. A. Cooke. Miss Nellie
Dolan. Miss MaryiV. Dolan, Mrs. L. D. Stone,
Miss S. B. McMullen, A. C. Jonea, James L.
Daly. Warren R. Payne, Mrs. I. J. Talbot,
Mrs. J. L. Stickle. Mrs. J. Rischmuller, Hend
rick Welk, C. G. Detennan, Mrs. C. L. Hough
ton. Mrs. Roberts. Colonel Charles Sontag, A.
P. Van Duzer, Mrs. A. P. Van Duzer. Miss
Kate Van Duzer, Charles J. McCollum
¦^ife. J. Zermon, Mrs. A. S. Bloch. Thomas
R. Flynn. Mrs. Margaret Ryan, William An
drew Knowles. Mrs. W. A. Knowles, Professor
O. R, Puckett, Professor Robert GllchriBt, Dr.
J. K. Long, Charles C. Atchinson, John But
ler. A. H. Rising. Katie Kenney. W. F. Mills,
Mrs. W. F. Mills, Mrs; T. R. Hamilton, Mr.
and Mrs. T. Stanton, Mips Florence Forbes,
William R. Cooke. Mn. G. Hamilton, Mrs.
Neal. Miss F. Jacobs, C. D. Nickel. William.
Barr, Miss Anderson. From Benicla — O. Lep
per. From Alameda — L. G. Morton. From
Tonopah — A. J. Condon. From White Sulphur
Springs — Ray W. Asbury. From Vallejo —
T. H. Fpankler and wife, C. Grennan and
family, Mrs. I-ocan. From Kansas — Miss F.
Ttter. Fr«m Belvedere — G. E. Kins and wife.
AT LATJREIi DELL HOTEL: From Ban
Francisco — Tony Phillips. Mr. and Mrs. S. L.
Dunlap, John R. Dunlap.. Robert Halght, Miss
Annie Halght, -A. G. Ling, E. J. Wieland,
J. D. Wadsworth, J. Hammond Jr., Miss N.
E. Gilleerie. C. D. Mason, B. E. Howe. BUI
Jargen. Misa N. Sullivan, Harver L. Blootls.
J. S. Hinemer, Charles E. Jameson, Miss A.
Jameson, H. Pontoppidan and wife, George
Bolinger, George L. Goodman, Mrs. B. Good
man. Miss L. Goodman. Harry B. Goodman.
Mrs. J. Ccnlan. Miss M. Conlan, Charles Mc-
Farlan. Mm. D. McFarlan. Edward C. Da
mon, David L. Cousins. Dr. George Cousin*,
Mra. George Cousins, Edna B. Cousins, H.
I* Spangstrom, Chris Hartman. Barry D.
Stellner, I N. Gamble, Joseph Carter. Jame»
Kelley, Mrs. Annie Kelley. H. K. EeUs, J. D.
Percevllle. Mi*s!Edna Falken. S. W. Culen.
Elmer Dillon. William II. Donovan, J. K.
Keller, Robert Brown, Miss Susie M. Dosken,
Mips Theresa Fahey, George S. Xewbauer,
Robert Smith. Hannah G. Murphy. From Oak
land—Mr, and Mrs. G. L. Curtis, Miss Aida
Laymance. Ralph C. Parkinson, G. W. Bram
hall. W. O. Bramhall. From Alameda — D.
M. Alexander. From San Dieso — Frieda yon
Seggern. From Woodland — Mr. and Mra. A.
D. Porter, Earl M. Clover, George S. Wil
liams. From Santa Cruz — Jerome Henely,
Mrs. Jerome Henely.' From Santa Monica —
Charles E. Titus. Mrs. M. Titus. From Eu
reka^ — Charles Armstrong and wife. From
Palo Alto— Alex Spalding. From Ross Val
ley— G. II. Morgan. From Ukiah— J. E.
Moore, Mis* Mary Moore, J. E. Moore Jr., Mr».
Mary Moore. From Sacramento — John Mc-
Farlan, Mrs. A. McFarlan, Mrs. D. Mc-
Clatchie. Emma Ellison. James C. Ellison,
Harvard Lewis. Mrs. McDonald, Miss Annie
McDonald, Miss Lucie Harrison. Charles D.
Harrison, George Oegcod, Mrs. Georgo Oegood.
AT MARK WEST SPRINGS: From San
Francisco — Mrs. Hacke, Mrs. Hlsgen. Mrs.
Gunther, Mrs. Denzler. Peter Coppen. Mr.
Trowbridge. Mrs. Trowbridre, Miss Edna
Trowbridg*. E, J. Lean, Mrs. E. J. L*an,
G. W. Budsall and son, Edward RegU. Mrs.
J. L. Hydes. Miss Hydes, Eva Fosbury,
Mrs. Kate McCann, Miss M. Steffon, Mrs. J.
Keyset-, Mrs. J. R. Jenkel, Walter Jenkel,
Jacob Home. Miss Salisbury. Fred A. West.
Mis« Bertha Lehman. Mr. Billings, Mrs. Bill
ings, Miss BlUlnKS, Mrs. J. C. Wright, Hans
D. Harder, A. Y. Kays*r. Mrs. A, Krump
holtz. Mrs. diaries Pekftsy. Mr. Wedemyer.
Mr. WiUcons. Mr. McCury. Mrs. McCury. Mr.
AValters. Mr. Fiffer. Mr. Cellog, Mr. Mangle.
Mrs. Mangle, Miss Grace Walas. Miss Bessie
Walas. Miss Hawthorn, Mr. Drossel, Mrs.
I>rcEael. Mls» DrosseL Captain Schumaker,
Mrs. Schumaker, Mr. Warner, Mr. Karl.
AT HOTEL. Ei. CARMELO. Pacinc Grove:
From, fe'an Francisco — B. A. Norris, H. C
Dexter, E. C. Moore and wife, J. W. Klmball.
W. J, Brcwn. G. A. BaJsie, C. H. Bernheim,
I-. GoIt'.Btone, C. Baltey. A. Greene. E. Pollex
feu, W. W. TripD, Mra. Forbes, JIIss Forbes.
II. C. Reck and wife, Thomas Meith and wife.
A. E. Shumate, Mrs. John Boggs, Miss Hoggs,
Mrs. Chiirlea Stuart, Mrs. L. Holmes. II. R.
Gunlach,-W. H. Grote. Mrs. F. Blckel. P. B.
Hogan, PlacerviUe; Mrs. B. M. Leely, W. C.
Mitchell. Berkeley: E W. Buss, Bakersfleld;
R. S. Harley. New York; W. F. Geary.Mr*.
H. H. Geary, J.- R. Curnow. C. Bailey, w. U
Wood row. San Jose; F. B Adams, E. I*.
Southwcrth, Mrs. Kirk and daughter, W. F.
Blanchard. M. Delew and daughter. B. B.
Lowel, Sacramento; Mrs. Coojwr and child.
C. B. Shaver. Freeno; Mrs. S. Hill, Belvedere;
Atex Chambers, Angels Camp; Mrs. Redman,
AJameda; Thomas Filben, Pacific Grove; James
Rickaid. Watsonville; W. A. Dunn and wife,
Mr. and Mrs. Parmalee. Los Angeles; J. A.
Cunningham, Idiewild; Georug I. Lufkin. St.
Louis; Mr. and Mrs. Smith, Ssmi Diego: H. O.
Butte. Ncme, Alaska: Mr. and Mrs. Pressey,
Philadelphia; Paul Austin. Mrs. Willey, Mr.
and Mrs. Dale, San Jose; Mrs. Lewman, Louis
ville, Ky. ; Mrs. Curpertlno, Curpertino, Cal. ;
A. E. Knight, Shanghai; T. W. Eearn. Den
ver; Miss A, R. Jamscn. Thomas Gollman,
Modesto; Mrs. Albert Harris, Misa Harris, F.
A. Berge. Santa Clara; E. W. Eihrman. Oro
ville; J. A. Drever. New York; Mrs. S.
Mitchell. Vlsalla; Mrs. M. Kosenthal, Stock
ton.
LINGERING AT THE RESORTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALD, SUNDAY, AUGUST 21, 1904.
30
ADVERTISEMENTS.
My work !» hish class. an<t If you try It
one* you wni want It asatn. I can save
you mon*y and tlm«. My eq^ilpment for
developing and printing is first class and
my crices ar« low.
DEVELOPING.
Roll of 6 tOc Roll of 8 13c
PRINTING.
Sollo finish. 3c to r>c Velox flnlah. So to 6c
DAYLIGHT I.OADIXG- FILMS at popu-
lar prices — all nixes.
CTKO DKVELOPING PAPER (print* by
artificial ll^hti. moderate prices.
AUSCO CAMERAS from $3 up.
CAHEIlAS REPAIRED at low prices.
Mall orders tfrcnmtlv tilled.
THAT MAN PITTS,
F. "W. PITTS,- tha Stationer.
, 1008 UCAEK2T ST., Opp. Tilth.
San Francisco.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all other facial blemishes are rernorwd by
MISS LOIS A. GRAY. Donohoe bids.. HJU
Market St., cor. Taylor, rooms 2S-29. with
tho electric naedle; permanency (uanntMd;
beurs 1 w 4 ». u*.
,'•-", ' ¦¦ - ' NEWMAN & IiEVTXSOX.
Mailorder /^_fer _^^ /^ Our Meta Fall
Patrons IV I Lt • Catalogue
BSS #i8JWW^ ESS
executed promptly* ' m ""'_m ' (r bena us your name
k we aim to make Keaniy and Sutter Sts. and «f dre *f* *"_
buying Dy letter •* , we will ma:l you a
entirely satisfactory Store Opens 8. SO J}. M.,, Closes 5.SO P. M. copy free.
A Sale of Ladies' Separate Skirts
At Reduced Prices for Monday
What La.dy who wishes to dress in the very best style for the least cost would miss such an
offering as this? Here are this season's beautiful, stylish, up-to-date Skirts of Melton, Cheviot,
Alpaca and Fancy Mixtures, in choice patterns and splendid colors — all marked for quick clearance
at the stirring reductions named below :
Skirts That Originally Sold At $ 5.00 .. Reduced To $2.90
Skirts That Originally Sold At $ 6.00 t Reduoed To $3.50
% SMrts That Originally Sold At $ 7.5 O Reduoed To $5.50
Skirts That Originally Sold At $1O.5O Reduoed To $7.00
New Ruchings and Sleeve Rufflings
(First Floor Sutter Street)
Ruchings and Rufflings for neck, sleeves and dress trimming are going to be extremely popular
this season. In view of this fact we've laid in a supply of the most desirable styles — and priced
them all-most moderately :
Neck Ruchings of crepe lisse, net and liberty silk, newest Sleeve Ruffles, made of cream chiffon, tucked, with
effects, in black or white. 20c to 60c yard Valenciennes lace edging, a% Inches wide... $ 1. 75 pair
Liberty Silk Ruffling, with jubytrimmine, in whits, cream Sleeve Ruffles of cream net, trimmed with val. lace In-
or black, 3 to 6 inches wide. .65c to $[ .00 yard sertion or hemstltchings, 7 inches wide $2.00 pair
Rufflings of figured chiffon, mousseline de soie and lawn, Sleeve Ruffles of white liberty silk, hemstitched or trim-
edged with val. lace, 4 to 6 inches. $1 .00 to $1.75 yard med with lace edging, 9 inches wide $2.75 pair
More Excellent Silk Gloves at 50c Pair
(First Floor JCearny St.)
Another large shipment, in all sizes, has just been received — and they are the best quality
Silk Gloves you ever saw for Fifty Cents. They have two clasps, neatly embroidered backs and
double tipped fingers — colors are black, white, tan, roede, gray, pjjpgee and brown. —-^
There is a guarantee ticket in every pair and we fit them — would be considered
splendid value at 75c a pair — Sale price, to-morrow ?****'
Ladies' and Children's Imported Hosiery
Six Exceptionally Good Values for Monday
(Mala Aisle Kearny Street)
Ladies^ Black Lisle Hose, some plain Ladles' Black Plated Silk Hose, supe- Children's Black Cotton Hose, wide
with cotton feet, others In allover rlor quality, double heels and ribbed, double knees, excellent for
lace designs, worth 75c pair, at...50C toes; real valut $1.25 pair, at. .$1.00 school wear, all sizes, worth 40c pr 25c
Ladies' Fino Black Lisle Hose, with Ladles ? Black Pure Silk Hose, fine sheer Children's fine quality Black Cotton
cross-stitch embroidered ankles, quality, with double soles, heels Hose, narrow ribbed, elastic top,
many pretty designs; worth $lpalr,75C and toes; worth $2.00 pair, at. . .$1.50 a n sizes, worth 50c pair, at 35C
Sale of Down Pillows New Silks for Fall
(Second Floor Kearny St.) (First Floor Kearny St.)
For Monday. Pillows filled with superior quality Down The pas t week we have opened a great many choice
-guaranteed odorless and free from dust. We have only nO velties in High Grade Silks in special and exclusive
three sizes left -and to close out quickly have reduced styles. Among them are this season's favorites -j
them this way: Chiffon Taffetas and Peau de Cygnes— in a splendid
S|ze 20 x 20 inches, formerly 75c, now 60c variety of newest basket weaves, fancy figures, pin
Size 22 x 22 inches, formerly 85c, now 70c checks, plaids and shot effects -in colors suitable for
Size 26 x 26 inches, formerly $1.10, now 90c street or evening wear. Prices ranging
. See the new ruffles with drrtv strings for trimming up-to-date ,_- t>* t\t\ *4 *>r?
pillows— we have them in sit colors. 75C, $1.UU and per Yard •
Very Newest Flannels Arrive
(Second Floor Sutter Street)
•Why not come now; and select materials for your Fall waists, kimonas, wrappers, children's
dresses, etc., while assortments are complete? You'll find here excellent varieties to choose from
'—and all priced right :
German? Eiderdown Flannelettes, 28 Imported Velour Flannels, 20 Inches French Flannels, 27 inches wide, solid
inches widejastcolors, In Persian «a. wide,* absolutely fast colors, in m*. colors in light, medium and dark , rt
stripes and Dresden effects, yard large variety of choice designs, yd 4UC shades, best quality, yard ..OUC
Scotch Flannel, 30 Inches wide, in new Novelty Flannel Walstings, 29 inches French Flannels, 27 inches wide, pure
colorings and stripe effects, very '>e\ n wide; a handsome fabric in neat - ft wool, in Persian, floral and stripe -. -
desirable for pajamas, yard «3wC polka dot effects, yard 3UC designs on light and dark grounds OC
I
Jgt SILK SHIRTWAIST
. (A ...SUITS...
r>5<^ Tp&Kf 1^ In P Iain and c han 5 eable Swiss taffetas
nfj A* and the new shot taffetas, in new green,
/ill /ti blues, golden brown, black and cl}ange-
//'// i\\ able effects » elegantly made and tin swell
///'¦I \\ styles. One of the greatest values ever
j /// / n »\ introduced in our suit department. Made
/// IL yjk to sell a't $25.00 (see illus- ri»|<"7 _A
K^/J f * j* tration); introductory price 2HI I j^ll
v^ -~~^^ at
Antnmn Styles: Tourist Coats, Antmnn Styles: Late Arrivals
Snits, Jackets, Skirts, etc. in New Dress Goods
MISSES' AND LADIES' NEW NEW CORDED VELVETS-
FALL SIJTTS — To-morrow morn- Pretty for waists and fall cos-
ing we exhibit for the first time tumes. All the new shades, espe-
in San Francisco some^L-ry ex- cially new greens and browns,
elusive ideas frorn a icw of the Also in cream and black. A fine
best Eastern manufacturers. These $r.oo quality, on sale this weejc, a
i'jits are of various fabrics and in yard 75c
the very newest of the new fall EXPOSITION TAILOR SUIT-
fashions. In order to introduce INGS— Something new. all pure
the department we will offer them ssoo \ 52 ; nc i lcs w jd c and in the
.it about one-tourth less than ordi- j atest , nann j s h effects. A great
r.arily charged. \ allies trom $20.00 $ I2 - ;_] ue . on sa j e t hi s wee k, a
to $37.50. Introductory price* yar j $1.OO
*'/}'-!} S.U*™' <»s-£5 ENGLISH*"' MOHAIR AL-
TOURISTS' COATS— Theee PACAS— Bright, silky finish. .52
v<™ inl'Sh^s I"d C fn" 2-SJ i-» «™« kind that U at
black broadck.ihs, OTvenctte* «c. 8 - qc . a ?"*¦ s P cclaI thls W "^ O J
SS^^^^wtf.00 ' fine ' " London' ' BRbAD-
$ll.oO, " 912.5O, $15.00 CLOTHS— Full range of new fall
J? 17..*»o] S^.rso] l^—S.50" shadings, panne finish, sponged
NEW* JACKETS— In covert and shrunk; all wool; 52 inches
cloths, English and domestic wide - Plenty of tans and new
makes, corsctte fitted or straight browns and black in the assort-
front with half fitted backs. Em- ment - TIils . « the prenuine $1^0
bracing the ideas of Europe and quality. This week, a yard..»Gc
America, and made to sell at from
p'rice; 10 S35 O0 Ourintroduc^>' Fonr Splendid Silk Specials
*4.l*r K .*?7.7r». £ii.5O 36-INCH NOVELTY SILKS—
$22.50, $ 23.00 The newest shadings of royal blue,
BLACK SKIRTS— A very spe- brown and navy; specially adapted
cial value. French voile, with silk to shirt waist suits. These poods
drop, cither in walking or dress are positively worth $1.50 a yard.
lengths. A beautiful skirt elegantly A great specia^beginning to-mor-
made and guaranteed to fit per- row a yard OSc
iectly. Regularly $19.00. N™ BLACK " TAFFETA*" SILK-
"iurTCCT^C'' QVTTJ'fV;" ir"^, Zl. Worth 85c; 23 inches wide; fine,
i^l^fs fo K u ?££ d"k a^d *™ d O" 1 "^ °» •* this SfKS
medium colored mixtures and just «»" r I*JIw*m l'r>nnmV
the skirt to give good wear and . BLA £K TAFFETA— 27 inches
look well for a long time; all wool, Wlde - This 1S cxtra heavy rustling
Made to sell' at $5.00. Introductory quality that usually sells at $1.25
price $15. 5O a yard. Special, a yard Si>c
ALPACA SHIRT WAISTS— A BLACK PEAU DE SOIE— Our
new line in all sizes and all colors, regular $1^25 number and the best
• including black. Here is a snap. value at this figure we have seen
The $3.50 kind. While they last. offered in this sity. In order to
each ?iI.O5 stimulate trade, a yard OSc
• ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pisno isrpins we sell no piano i I
] GUARANTEE. I
Cvtronrri inoru nothing added 1
txiraoroinary |&j™ s°»| I
If you have not bought a piano because you thought M
the price too high, just look through this list of pianos. More B
I than a dozen different makes, a score of different styles, any i
wood you want. Many of these are new pianos, some are g
only a little shopworn, some have been rented and others arc 1
pianos taken in trade. These prices to close ont the re- I
mainder of this stock this week — prices that are not dupli- g
cated anywhere. No other dealer has these bargains, and f|
we cannot replace them— many pianos at scarcely more "than ES
half their real value. • ; g
Medium size Mathuthek piano. 5175; English make upright fl
piano, 575; rosewood case Cloush & Warren upright, $160; K
New England pianos, ore large and one small size, choice a
$135; Kohler & Chase pianos, in splendid condition. S21O, K
$250 and $365; large size Blasius piano, fine tone, 8320; n
choice la walnut or mahogany case Albrecht piano. $270; M
oai: and walnut case Kohler & Co. pianos, one at $185. two H
at $225; Hobart M. Cable piano, elegant American' walnut M
case, $375; one in oak case. $270; superb Knabe piano, orig- H
inal price $750, exchanged for grand, price cut to $450; wal- 8
nut case Regent piano, $235; nice Hallet & Davis piano £3
$150; Marshall & Wendall piano. $125; elegant Mason & U
liamlln piano in mahogany case, only $245; oak cas« Al- I*
brerht piano. $285; pretty litUe Iverson piano In rosewood I*
£ case. $145; Franklin piano, rented about six months $220; £l
almost new Fischer piano, mahogany case, $345; 8telnway ¦
c baby grand piano, splendid condition, only $450. n
These prices on this §C 4*& thl I^fe* i
stock as long as it lasts A & V&£ fi Vl 1
this week. People who _i^~ I
have been waiting an /ffik jf*lh± 1
I opportunity to pick up IMsS l__^ffiS^P 5
a good piano at a very *%*^J g
little money will be The Largest Music House 1
first fore. Prompt and on the Coast |
SiVent ° Cor.PostandKeamySts.,1
' SAW PBA.JTCISCO. j|The turn of happiness Increase! with decrease
of feiir. User* of "Old Gilt Edge Whiskey*'
fear not III health or Inclement weather.
Wichman, Lutgen & Co., 20-31 Battery at. •
All the Cracli Wheelmen of Bay Coun
ties Will Compete To-Day at
Insics-idc.
The wheelmen are looking forward
to a great contest in the ten-mile team
relay race this afternoon at Inglesld?
racetrack. Six teams, composed of
the bay counties' best riders, will
make the runniny. each man carrying
the colors two miles. It is anybody's
race, with chances apparently favor-
Ing the Oakland Wheelmen, but with
several others decidedly in the hunt.
This event Is but one of a dozen care
fully arranged races of a mixed
nature. Footracing has a prominent
place on the programme. Four handi
caps for the sulked shoe experts will
divide attention with a match race at
100 yards between Dave Sullivan and
Phil Wand, well-known sportsmen
and former cinder ?ath champions,
and a half-mile relay between seven
teams from the Public School League.
With an idea to getting the best pos
sible racing. Chairman M. Newmark of
the auxiliary committee of the Cali
fornia Associated Cyclists made uj>
the cycling programme. He has in
cluded two handicap motor cycle races
In his list, and with well adjusted
handicaps there Is na more exciting
sport. A tandem event at three miles
is sure to be a fine contest, as there
is plenty of rivalry and a great dif
ference of opinion concerning the out
come. The novices have been remem
bered with a mile race and more than
forty have hopes of graduating from
the maiden class. A two-mile open
handicap and a mile dash, which is
limited to two entries from each club,
complete* the card.
Both the number and class of the
contestants Insure good sport and an
afternoon at Ingleslde will not be re
jsretted. The affair is a benefit for
TEN-MILE RELAY RACE
ATTRACTS MUCH ATTENTION
Between the time of the argument
and the rendering of the dsclaion by
the Supreme Court the child was kid
naped from the Protestant Orphans'
Home on Haight street by\ Mrs. Kate,
Thompson of 228 Nevada; avenue.
White recovered the girl and placed
her In another home, where she now
is. Then Mrs. Thompson applied for
letters of adoption of the child, which
White resisted on the technicality that
his permission as guardian would have
to be obtained before the girl could be
legally adopted. No evidence was of
fer€?d in court and the Judge ruled In
White's favor on the question' of law.
If Mrs. Thompson wants to continue
her tight she will have to take If to
the Supreme Court. '
With toe facts in the ois-» yet to be
heard, Judge Kerrigan yesterday de
cided, upon a question of law, that
Secretary White of the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Children Is
entitled to the custody of slx-y»!ar-old
Violet Lundberg. It is the sixth court
proceeding in little more than a year
for possession of the girl.
White was appointed as her guar
dian by Judge Coffey in May, 1903,
nnd placed her in an Institution. In
October the mother petlUonad for a
revocation of the letters, i.mt the case
was dismissed by Jud^'e Coffoy upon
request of her attorney. Th« mother
got another attorney an.l began ha
beas corpus proceeding'*, which ehe
lost He then enlarged his motion
and took the case to the Supreme
Court, where YtThlte was again vic
torious.
Successfully Resists Effort of Kate
Thompson to Adopt Little
.,.; Violet LundTvM%;.
WHITE WINS CUSTODY
OF GIRL FOR SIXTH TIME
SARATOGA. N. Y.. Aug. 20.— John
\V. Gates, accompanied by A. B. Hud
son, sauntered into the United States
Club, which 13 run -by Croker & I\en
nedy, last night. The party made up
a pool of $10,000 to be used in
"breaking the bank." Gates called
for two stacks of checks. He was
given two worth $250 each. He
shoved them back and asked for two
worth $5000 each. The house, at
Gates* request, doubled the limit,
which is ordinarily $250 to "cases"
and S500 to "tops."
Gates lost $10,000 and then said he
would go further on his own account
if the limit was taken on! entirely.
Croker agreed, after Joe Ullman and
Maxey Blumenthal had agreed to take
half of the play. Gates played several
hours and at one time his losses were
$35,000. He finally quit about $15,000
loser, the original $10,000 being in
cluded in this amount.
*— ; *
the Golden Gate Park amphitheater
fund and practically every dollar
taken In at the sate will jjo to swell
the amount in Treasurer O'Kane's
possession for that great public im
provement. Donations of prizes,
printing and other incidental ex
penses have reduced the cost of run
ning the show to a minimum.
Mission-street cars will run direct
to the gates for. this day only In addi
tion to the regular Guerrero-street
service. The Columbia Park/ Boys'
Club band will furnish music during
the brief Intermissions by permission
of Director Peixotto, who Is anxious
to assist the cause' and provide a
future' athletic field for bis charges.
John \V. Gates and Friends Slake Up
a Pool an:l Finally Lose
$15,000.
TRIES TO RREAK TIIE BANK
AT A SARATOGA RESORT
The Lej?al Protective Association
filed articles of incorporation yester
day announcing Its purpose to be to
render legul aid, .advice and service
to its members and gratuitously if
necessary to all who may appear
worthy thereof and are unable to pro
cure assistance elsewhere. The direc
tors are George O'Byrne, Clement V.
Mitchell, Jessie Cowperthwaite. Jo
seph A. Mitchell, and William D. Plow
den.
For Cheap Litigation.
The appeal of Edward Sullivan,
tried, convicted and sentenced to
twenty years' imprisonment at San
Quentln, has been denied by the Su
preme Court. Sullivan, together with
Gus Shoemacher, committed' a hold
up in Los Angeles, for which crime tit
received sentence. He applied for a
new trial and the order was denied In
the lower court.
Sullivan's attorneys appealed to the
Supreme Court from the judgment of
the lower court and from the order
denying a new trial. The Supreme
Court, however, affirmed the judgment
and order of the lower court.
Sullivan, Who Held Uo l,os Angeles
Man, Will Have to Serve
Twenty Years.
SUPREME COURT DENIES
CONVICTED 31 AX'S APPEAL
A year ago this month .Paul Ligdu,
a student In the University of Califor
nia, now living on Thirty-third street,
Oakland, was sued by Pauline Hulso
for $50,000 for breach of promise
to marry her. In her complaint the
young lady declared that on July IS
and 24 of last year the student de
clared his desire to make her his wife
and because of his failure to keep hia
word she brought tha suit.
Since then the action ha3 .been
pending on a motion for change of
venue. Lidga filed his answer yes
terday. In which he denied that he
had ever promised to ¦ marry Miss
Hulse and further denied her charge
that he was engaged to"marry another
"female" at the time, citing as proof
that he is still unmarried.
' Some of Lldga's friends say that he
had ambitions as an author and has
had a book published dealing with
college life.
Paul Wgdn Declares lie Never Agreed
to Marry Pauline Ilulse or
Any One Else.
COLLEGE STUDENT ANSWERS
BREACH OF rPROMISE SUIT
Through a circular Issued yesterday
official notice Avas given of an import
ant change in the. conduct of the North
Shore and California Northwest
ern railways, whereby James Fraz
ler will assume tne position of general
manager.' and W. M. Rank, who has
worked faithfully for the welfare of
the road, will have the desk of assist
ant manager.
Frazier was connected with the
Southern Pacific In this city for many
years and only a few months ago went
Kast to take a more important position
than the one occupied by him in this
city. With the arrival of Frazier in
this city the offices of the North Shore
will be consolidated with those of the
California Northwestern in the Mutual
Life building at California and San
some streets.
W. M. Rank is considered one of the
most valuable men in the employ of the
North Shore road. It was largely
through his efforts that consolidation
was effected with the North Pacific
Coast Railway. During the term of
his employ the road has seen many
changes. The antiquated steam cars
which traveled over the tracks at un
certain times have been displaced by
splendid new electric cars. Many other
improvements for the convenience of
the patrons of the road were made un
der his direction.
No intimation has been given as to
what, if any, further Change3 \\ill be
made in the staff of employes.
Post of Assistant Manager
Is to Be Filled by W. M.
Bank, a Veteran Employe
WELL KNOWN LOCALLY
James. Jfrazier, Formerly of
the Southern Pacific, Is
Selected for the 'Position
WILL MANAGE
NORTH SHORE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 21, 1905.
31
Every
SATURDAY
and
SUNDAY.
CourilDr »-'ll b*g!n at 11 o'clock sharp und
eti:inue until th« !a*t wisninf flax goes up.
TOTAL PRIZES : : : $2003
AH A!tr*lon-st. car* transfer to Guerrero
cart, which so dtrtct to tbe park..
JOHN GRACE. Judce-
EDWAHD SHORTSTAG. Slipper.
UNION
P. J. KEILI.Y Judffa
JAS. T. OKACE Slipper
SATURDAY and SUNDAY. AUS. 20-21
TWO GIGANTIC
COURSINQ_ EVENTS
I28"ENTRLES~I28-
GKEAT SPOUT AIID.....
"A CHANCE TO SPKCULATE irV-ERT
h THREE MINUTES. 1 '
TRAIN- SERVICE BOTH WAYS.
Saturday leaves Third and T<j*-nsend streets
at IS m. ; Sunday. Twenty-fifth and Valencia
streets, five minutes lattr. Returning at 4:45
p. m. and after laet course.* San Ma tea elec-
tric cars every four minutes during the day.
MATINEE TO-DAY.
Last Week Special Melodrama Season.
Mark Swan's Clever Comedy Melo-
drama.
The Man of Mystery
Tie Great Detective Play.
A THRILLINO PLAY.
SUNDAY EVENING. AUG. 28.
Ot»enins of regular season of hlgh-
clap« attractions, commenclcs: with a
specinl four weeks' ensasement of the
distinguished ¦ctreit, i
PLORENCf. ROBERTS
§ First play. '"TESS OF THE D'UR-
H BERVILLES."
SEAT SALE CEOINg TO-MORROW.
High-Class Specialties Every After-
noon and Evening In the Theater.
MARCUS AND GARTELLE: MAYER AND
IRWIN: MAUD ROCKWELL; BUDD
BROTHERS: ROUBLE SIMS: MABEL-
LAMSON AND THE AMERICAN BIO-
GRAPH. -
a BABY LI0N3 IN THE ZCO.
CD Pill .Children Vlsitlnsr ih» Chutes
Or.ulAL Sunday Uorata^B will be Riven
ticicts tor the ISiaiatara Electric Bail-
read, Ferris Wheel and Oalloplnar Honei
WITHOUT EXrr,A CHAR5S.
Admission, 10c ; Children. 5c.
SAN FRAHGISC3 -§?,^
¦ BY AUTOMOBiL: <^^^&^
CALL ;.;^SS
JICBZIE CAaniAGS CO.
GOLUKN, tJATK A\X. kid i;OL'ii» SI.
I'hon*- Private :;.-:cr.anr» 770.
Downtnnii of Bit*— Court H*la«r Hotel; Lobby
Si Km dc is Hntrl: Lobb> ft Orrtriental Hoiri
Prescriptions 34,406 and 7.
GTJAEAMTEED CTJKE 70S USH.
HAKMI.ES3 III JJECTIOIC. Currs ordinary
<a*es In a few 'lay*. Warranted to cur»
worst cases. UO OTE£S TS£ ATI£2:3IT
UEQXJIEED. Prevents and Cures BtrM-
turw. PKE7ESTS COKTAOION. Harm-
less. $2.00 for both bottles. For sale only
r. S. KEIiXiY'3 PHASaiACT, 103 £dd/.
. ADVERTISEMENTS.
> ¦'¦:¦ *."V'->i'5
o» % bi bUmr UUi
113 Geary Street
August 31, 1904
MERCHANT TAILORS,
622 Market Street.
UpStalrs. Opp.Palac? Hotel.
SAN FRANCISCO.
Novelties in Imported Wear.
. AJrCSEMEXTS.
f »^™««^^^^^^^^«"^^^^
Week Commeneins THIS AFTER-
¦ NOON. Austist 21. •
V uleville's Very Best!
First Appearance on the Pactflo
EVA Coast of JAC
WILLIAMS & TUCKER
In Their Orlcinal Creation. "SKIN-
NY'S FINISH." an Episode
of Scrap Alley.
ENGAGEMENT EXTRAORDINARY
OF
Max and Julia HEINRIGH
Aiaerlca's Most Distinguished Concert
Artista. •
TRELOAR
The Prein!»r Athlete and ex-Harvard
Varsity Oarsman. Assisted by
IwlSS EDNA I'EMPEbT,
The Up-to-Date Athletic Girl.
Third and Last Week and Trtiaendoua
Scccess of
BUYER & O'NEIL
In Their Brand Netr Act, "TWO
KIDS."
Emmet! Davoy & Gomp'y
In Their Screamingly Funnv Farce.
•THE SAINTLY MK. BILLINGS."
Ttie JUGGLING BARRETTS
Boomerang Hat Throwers and Comedy
Club Judders.
LITTLE & PRITZKOW
Character Singers and Comedians.
OB7ZXXK72X MOTION PXUTUSB3.
Sho-wir^
JACK hUNROE
In Hi« Tralnine Quarters.
Lc«t Week 8ml Talk of the Tiwn.
WALTER G. KELLY
Dialect Comrdtan, in a Complete
Change of Act. j
Regular Mattn«es Every Wednesday.
Thursday. Saturday and Sunday.
Prices — lfie. C5c and 80c,
j AUSCELLAXEOUS.
i Yf Eyeglasses c^
/j At Moderate Cos! (\
V 642
Paiarp D0YT rAIL T0
j COURT Lounging
flfifl room, the EMPIRE
uuu parlor, the
C~~~A PALM ROOM, the
yranfl louis xv par.
' l «" w LOR, and the LA-
1 *4f^^-^1^ DIES ' WRITING
"DDTTCIJ17C r cm barbers, ba.
bKUbJHhb es^fa C r k d%S
brewer*. bookbin<J«r«. candy makers, cannera.
dyers, flour mills, foundries. laundries, paper-
hancera. printers, painters, sho* factorial.
ftablemtn. t*r-roofcra. tanccra. tailors^ *tc
SUC2AUAS BSOS.
Brush Mannf aetsrer*. 609 S&crameatc St.
i ¦ ' . ¦ "^
hj OCIlr\.V TIIAA*EL.
|C '^. Fteamera leave Broadway
• ov-^-^SbX wharves (piers 0 and ID.
/«£?'*' San Francisco:
/*/ vEP^» \-A For Ketchikan. Wrniftl,
I I \*!>i*a I I Juneau, Haines. Skaguay.
\ \ \V»«lii ' / *'¦¦• Alaska— 11 a. ni.. Aut.
\#\ lUifl'/ IS. 23, 29. Sept. 2. Changa
VysV/V^/Oy to this company'* steamer*
xV**U\fcx * l S«nttle.
>J» n >^ For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle. Tacoina. Everett.
Bellinsham — 11 a. m.. Aug. 13. 23. 28. Sfpt. 2.
l'hanK« at S^attl* to this Company 1 * steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at Seattle cr
Tacoina to N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P.
Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt B«y>— Pomona. 1:30
p. m., Aug. 20, 2«. Sept. 1; Corona, 1:30 p. m..
Aux. 2a. 29. S»rt. 4.
For Lea Angeles (via Port Lo» Angeles and
Redondo). £an D'.c*o and Santa Barbara —
Santa Roaa. Sundays. 0 a. m. . . .
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Ixa Anselts (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro), Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey. San Simoon. Cayuccr, Port HarTord* (Saa
Luis Cbtaro). Ventura aid llueneme.
Bontta. 0 a. m.. Aus. 1>. 27. Sept. 4. - $
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Au(. 23. 31, Sept. S.
For Ensenada. Ma^dalena Bay. San Jose <*el
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz. Santa Ro-
salla. Ouaymas iMex.>. 10 a. m.. 7th each mo.
Fcr further information obtain folder. . KlsJit
: j s rp^orvd to chance »t«"amers or sailing datr».
TICKET OrPXCES— 4 New ilonteom-
p^ , t (p a ]ace Hotel). 10 Market St.. and Broad-
way wbarvos. FrelgHt Office. 10 Market <>t.
C D. Dl'NANN,- General Passenger Agent.
t(> Market Ft.. Pan Francisco.
Tha Parfflc TransfT Co.. 20 Sutter St.. will
! call for and check taraac" from hotels amj
residences.-- Telfrhona Exchange S12.
S S AL-\MEDA. for Honolulu.Au«f.27. 11 a.m.
s" S SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
t land an<1 Sydney. Thursday. Sept. H, 2 p.m.
SS MARIPOSA. fcr Tahiti, Sept. U. 11 a.m.
\ J.D.SFSECXELS & BSOSi CO.; Azts..TlCi3t 0I5C8 643 Mir-
! ksl netgHt Tiacg 329 Katat St., Pnr 7, Pactis si
C0MPAQ5IS Gl^SSA^ TaATUiTI.4HriJJi
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. J»-»£»
Tallinn every Thursday tnsteaa o? -iO.r5S^
Katurday. at 10 a. m.. trom Pier 42.
North R'.ver. foot of Morton st.
rirrt claw to Harre. ?70 «ad upward. Second
class to Havre. $45 and upward. GENERAL
I AGENCY FOri UNITED STATES AND CA>-
ada V Broadway (Hudson bulldlns). New
York J F FL-GAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
I Tickets sold by «1X Railroad Ticket Agents.
To T7. S. Vftvy Yard aad VaIl«Jo.
Stinrs.' General FTlsble. Jlontlcelfo and Arrow.
' a-43 a. m.. 12:U0. 3:13, (5, 8:»0,p. m. (ex.3un.):
! Sundays t>:45 a. m.. 8:"0 p. m. Leave Vallejo
f 7 O a, ni.. 12:30. S:15. « p. m. (ex. Sun.); Sun-
days 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Pter 2. foot SXls-
sion street; phone Main 1308. HATCH CROd.
To U. S. JlaTy Taxfl an! VaUeJo.
SUnr. II. J. Corcoran— Leaves S. F., foot of
Clay «t.. north «nd ferry bldg.— Week days.
0-UU A. M.. S and »8 P. M.: Sundays. O:at>
A M. 8 P. M. Leaves Vallejo — Wwk days.
a-.Zo A. M.. 12:20 and 5:30 P. M. : Sundays. 5
1\ M. Fare. 23c each way. Excursion rates
Sundays to Vallejo. Glen Cove and Martinea.
60«- round trip. PIPER. ADEN. GOODALt.
Cfi Phon» Main Btl. 'Saturday except.
WEEgCALL
16 Pages. SI per Yea?
! .^'_^A^ ll^SKMl^XTS.
GP A M^ OPERA
&\Jrki^$J HOUSE
Week B ginning Matinee To-u'ay
MR. JAMES NE1LL
1 HELD BY ™'
i H 3a*tlnee
| £* U Saturday.
: UU^Uy f$SSB9|| t [Ai]i;:G ;
TO-MORROW; IVS %J fV LJ Afi T
EVTSRY NIGHT. INCLUDING SUNDAY.
MATINKK SATURDAY ONLY.
C Arnold Paly Announces
fi\ CR IS ' Bernard Shaw's
Direct from aS£r i I ! flLHi
New York. ** pw^T »^%1
The t-fasnn's . *^ H £3
1 HensHtlon. i
nnirpc. Orchestra. $2; Press Circle. ?1 50;
lRIvI'b. r.alcony, first levcn row?, ?1; n?Kt
seven rows, "Cc; second balcony, reserved, 50c;
a.'r.i!.s«k.n, 2uC.
rl\/AI I opew\
1 V\/L,S HOUSE.
T THE TOREADOR T
OSAN FRANCISCO'S MUSI- C\
CAL, SEN3AT1OM.
fV SMOKERS' PAKADISE IN f?
_^| THE I'ROMENADE CIRCLE. -^
! *~*. IN PRRPAnATION— VICTOR "
A HERBKRT'S GRKAT OPERA A
l\ "THE SERENADE." C\
D USUAL TIVOLI "PRICES, \J
O-0c, 50c. 75c. __
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY fj
R TOREADOR R|
_ r—*y* — '
a y (T\ A ry A jr% Bel*«co & Mayer.
ALCAZAK sessk
General Manager.
LAST TIME TO-NIGHT.
WHITE WHITTLESBY
In Hall Caine'a Great Play,
THE MANXMAN
MONDAY NIGHT— AT. L. WCTK.
MATS. THURSDAY AND SATURDAY.
WHITE | AND THE AlCAZAR CO. I
WHITTLbtoEY
In the Thrilling Romance.
Hie Pride of Jennico
As Played by .Tamea K. Hackctt.
To Follow— WHITE WlirrrLESEY In XA-
THAN I1ALE -_____
Market St.. near Eighth. Phone South 633.
MATINEE TO-DAY— TO-NIGHT LAST TIME
of tUe Tremendoui Success, v>
For Her Children's Sake
TO-MORROW NIGHT. All Next Week.
Matinees Saturday and Bnnday.
Flr9t time here of the new, thrllllns Drama
ol the Ru«»3-Jarancse War, B
A SPY AT POUT ARTHUR
D2iri<'C Evenings l.lCc to'50-j
ralvCJ Matlr.eesi ...lCc. 15c. SOc
¦ ¦ . i ¦ ¦ > '¦ ; ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ' '-
L.\ST TWO TIMES TO-DAY OF
. "IKE WHIRL iFTH; TOW I."
' IScsinning To-morrow Nlcht a c:oaiplet2 and
Orlcinal Musical Comedy,
"ANHEUSER PUSH"
BV WILL CARLETON"AND LEE JOHNSON.
Up-to-cJate Novelties and Laughable Situa-
tions. Our Hlgh-Salarted Burlesque Artltta:
Dorothy Morton, Georgle O'Ramcy. Flossie
Hope. Rice and Cady, Bobby ? North. Edwin
Clark,' Ben Dillon. See tbe Beautiful Pano-
rama, of tfce- St. Louis Exposition; ,"Th«;Ann-
houser Busch ' llrewery" In St. Louis; the open-
inK of the Magnificent new "Falrmount Hotel."
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
SAME POPULAR PRICES.
NEXT..... ."MISS MAZUMA"
ADVERTISEMENTS.
New Styles, Large Assortment,
LOW PRICES
Tsllor Suits
Reprcssctlng Style, Quality and Superior
ri^r^v Handsome Tourist Suits at
4 \u .A $:s.oo, $:6.50, $18.50, $2a.oa
(^^-^ : jy^A'\ $22.50. $25.00. $27.50, $33
wl mW rA Exqms't: Novelties at Popular Prices
i| I || Jackets and Long Coats. .
Jill I iHL Stylish Tourist Jackets* at
llm $5.00. $7.50, $8.50, $50.00
4?Vff I ililp^ Fine Tailored Corset Coats at
IIMW^v $10.00, $12.50, $15.03, $17.50
I MW^y Yx Fall Length Tcur'st Coat-> at
M —^fglJ iUJl> $6.00, $7.50, $8 50, $10.00
Novelty Long Coats at $13.50, $15.00. $17.50, $20.00
Fur Jackets— Special values at $20.00, $22.50, $25.00
Misses' and .Chifdren's Coats— Good quality, handsome
styles - - - - - $3.50 to $15.00
Skirts— New Styles at $2, $3.53, $5, $6.50, $7.50. $10
Novelty Etamine Skirts— With * extra qua'ity Silk Drop
Skirt, black, navy and brown, special - - - $14.00
See our nev^ styles Silk Shirt Waist Suits. >
1230,. 1232, 1234 MARKET STKEET.
\wonian/ =^^^= \Kicture/
~NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
AUGUST 28. .
¦"^' " ' , ' - - ' : ' ' '
• " . -~ "-' ..' . - - ' , -; , _., x ' f.
:'• > ' ¦ ' *:¦"<•."" ¦ ¦ "' . V ¦¦'•¦¦ -r ¦-•¦.,-¦, - " * i. " ¦' ¦ " ""¦'.".' y;"". >'* T/ "^V *. . ...¦:.: ¦•••:•¦-. ,¦"'.' .. ' - ¦ ¦ " ¦ >tV>>xjici^*<- -¦: ¦-¦ - ¦ ¦ ' ¦:.*¦ •¦'•<¦'¦"¦ "..¦¦¦ ¦¦¦" •'¦¦¦:¦
... * .. ... i ffr lit ttn iTnlitfi %n '.... :•:.. > ¦*.... ....... . ....: ... v ..< :.¦>**£¦..:£.:£;¦&& v^.^;':^.-.---- v^SJ-^ivXvV. -t VV'"^^.^*
"CONSTANCE," By D. S. W. Richter.
The first subject selected cculd with difficulty be recognized by the
halftone ?bove en account of the impossibility of showing the exquisite
coloring of the original by this process.
Copies of this picture, which is to be given away r.e::t Sunday, are dis-
played in prominent places throughout the city. Don't fail to see one.
"Constance" represents a rare and delicate type of beauty. The calm,
pure expression of her face is enlivened by the beautiful flesh tints and
strcrnthened bv the bits of contrasting colors brought out by the arrange-
ment of the apple blossoms in her dark hzir.
This study is a most careful reproduction of Mr. Richter's celebrated
original, and is regarded as one of tht best of this famous artist's paint-
ings."Somehow or another, Hinnissy, it don't
seem jus' right that there shud > be a union
iv church an' saloon. These two gr-reat in
stitutions ar're best kept apart. They kind
iv offset each other like th' Supreem Coort
an' Congress. Dhrink is a nicissry evil,
nicissry to th' clargy. If they iver admit
it's. nicissry to th' consumers they might as
well close up th' churches. Ye'll niver find
Father Kelly openin' a saloon. He hates
me business but he likes me. ' He says
dhrink is an evil but I'm 2 nicissity. If I
moved out a worse man mi.^ht come in me
place."
"Ye ra-aly do think dhrink is a nicissry
evil," said Mr. Hinnessy.
"Well." said Mr. Dooley. "if it's an evil
to a man, it's not nicissry an' if it's nicissry
it's an evil." 9HB3SI
Science, midicine, horsc-shoein', asthron
omy, th' care iv th' hair, an' th' laws iv
exchange, an' th' knowledge I have iv how
to subjoo th' affictions iv th' ladies wud
cause mariny a pang. I tell ye, we ar-re a
fine body iv men. Bishops comin' into th'
saloon business? In behalf iv th' Liquor
Dealers Lithry Club iv th' Sixth Wa'ard, I
hereby challenge th' colledge' iv Bishops to
a spell down. V: ; \f-J~t~,
"Not that I'm proud iv the profissyon or
shud I say. me art? It's wan way iv makin'
a livin.' 1 suppose it was me vocation. I
got into it first because I didn't like to
dhrive an express wagon an' I stayed in it
because they was nawthin' else that seemed
worth while. I am not a hard dhrinker. I
find if I dhrink too much I can't meet— an'
do — th' intelleschool joynts that swarm in
here afther a mcetin' at th' rowlin' mills.
On Saturdah nights. I am convivyal. On
New Year's eve. I thry to make th' ol' year
just as sorry it's lavin'- me as I can. But
I have no more pleasure in shovin' over to
ye that liquid sunstroke thin I wud if I had
to dole out collars, hair dye, books, hard
biled eggs, money or annything else that
wudden't be good for ye. Liquor is not a
niccissery evil. Hogan says, it's wan way
iv ra-alizin'th' -ideel. Th' nex* day ye're
.ashamed iv ye'er ideel. Th' throuble about
it is that whin ye take it you Want more.
But that's th' throuble with ivrything we
take. If we get power, we want more
power; if we get money we want more
money. .Our vices r-run on f 'river. Our
varchues, Hinnissy, is what me frind Dock
Casey calls, self-limiting.
"But I must get back fr'm me lab-rtory
to Bishop Potter's. Will me frind succeed?
I hope he will. We' can't get too many
dacint men into* our profissyon. They'se
wan thing I would call me neighbor's at
tintion to. Th' unbenighted American
potter shake? I don't know, Hinnissy.
But I do know th' model saloon is
goin' to be a gr-rcat moral inflooence in
that neighborhood. Whin th' poor wurruk
in' man goes home an' thrics to wind th'
clock with th' fox tarryer, th' goo'd woman
turns to th' little wans an' says: 'Childer,
see what a lovely bun father has got fr'm
th' Bishop.' An' whin, th' tired tiler wants
rayfrishmint at night, he calls: 'Mary Ann,
take th' pitcher an' go down to th' cathe
dral f'r a quart.' I'd give something to
have what Hogan calls an impreematur
over me durc.
"Do 1 think it will be a success? Well,
Hinnissy, it wudden't become me to speak
iv a rival in me own line iv business.
Bishop Potter. an' me ar're both mimbers
iv th' same flock, th' liquor dealers pro
tictive assocyation, an' in that fellowship
an injiry to wan is th' cbnsarn iv.all. I
don't. know whether he has th' qualifica
tions f'r a succissful saloonkeeper. .-Not
that th' two lines is altogether apart. Both
a Bishop an' a saloonkeeper has: a flock to
take care iv, but to a certain extint. Hin
nissy, we ar're each iv us thryin' to keep our
flock out iv th' other's hands! It ain't ivry
man - that can be a Bishop. An' it ain't
ivrywan that can be a saloonkeeper. A
saloonkeeper must be sober, he must be
honest.he must be clean an' if he's a pastor
iv a flock iv poor wurrukin' men, he niust
-know ivrything" that's goin' on in th'
wurruld or iver wint on. I on'y discuss th'
. light -topics iv th' day with ye, JHinnissy,
because ye're a frivolous - charackter, .but
y'e'd; be "surprised to know what an-incyclo
peeja a man gets to be in this profissyon.
Ivry man that comes in here an' has three
pans iv. nicissry evil tells me, with tears,
th* ' secrets iv his thrade an' offers to fight
" me - if I don't- look interested. I know "; in
jiricerin', pammistryVplurnbin', Christyan
store as if in doubt. It may have hap
pened, but I didn't notice it.
"Th' saloon was opened in person be th'
Bishop. I r-read his speech. It was fine.
He recognized that dhrink was an ivil, haV
in' met it. But it was a nicissry evil. On
th' whole, he was inclined to think it was
more nicissry thin evil. Takin' it all in all
of half an' half or annyway ye liked, it was
a good thing. He took his dhrink at'th'
club, an' why shud his more humble but
akelly droughty frinds amon' th' wurrukin!
classes not have their souse as well? They
shud. He wud advise modhration, how
iver. A man be he sick or poor shud
niver take on more thin was good for him.
(Th' manager iv th' saloon: "Or thin he's
good f'r.) He accipted th' correction. If
he was a savin' mechanic in this bright
land iv opporchunity, he ought to be good
f'r what was good f'r him. or more. Whin
a poor wurrukin' man felt th' insijous inarch
iv th' brannigan he shud say: 'No, boys, no
more f'r me. I mus' go home to th' HI'
wans. If I need more I can sind thim out
f'r it.' A poor wurrukin' man shud niver
f'rget his fam'ly while on a carouse. No
amount iv sobbin' on th' neck iv a bartinder
while tellin' what a comfort wife. an' child
her was to th' inebrayated artisan wud make
anny diff'rence. He mus' get home some
time durin' th' night or he is no thrue up
holder iv th' Christyan saloon an' its re
finin' inflooence. His parcel shud be no
more thin that iv anny gintleman at a club,
lest he be as th' beasts iv th' field who
don't dhrink. . Boys, it's : on "me.
"An' so." Hinnissy. th' model saloon was
opened. Th' arch deacon tapped a fresh
keg, th'. vicar ginral tosses together a model
Christyan, gin-fizz th' 'good Bishop
smiled binivolently as th' ; hardy vistrymen
quaffed th' nicissry evil. An' whin th' dice
box"; was passed.' did th' hand of the
"An' he done it. Fr'm what I can make
out about this model saloon it ain't much
diff'rent fr'm th' peaceable hell that I've
been conductin' f'r thirty years. Th' main
ingreejent iv anny rest cure is there on th'
shelves. Thcy'se a bar f'r thim horny
handed sons iv tile who can sleep standin'
an* chairs an' tables for th' less hardy ruf
fyans that prefer to coal up in a settin'
posture. Th' bartinders ar-re affable : an';
sober men, but that's thrue iv all bartinders.
They are supposed, Hinnessy, to give th'
consumers a brief moral chat while pushin'
out the paint. Afther th' third basin it may
be nicisary f'r thim to have an ilivinth com-v
mandment handy in th' shape iv an ice pick.
In a corner iv th' imporryum is a sody
wather fountain, so that th' poor wurrukin'
man don't have to dhrink th' destroyer if
he don't want to. but can go over an* in
flate hirnsilf at th' gas wurruks. Whin a
customer at th' adjinin' couther begins, to
cry ever th' Maybrick case, th* prelate in
command there steers him to th' liquid air
department, where he does th' r-rest iv his
shoppin', charges himsilf with a pan 'iv
carbonic acid an' floats home. This is to help
his hiccup, so that his wife'll know he has
not been idle. I undhcrstand this branch iv
th' plant hasn't had to hire anny extra help.
Th' principal customers is numbers iv good
govcrnmint clubs disguised as poor wurruk
in'raen in ol' tennis clothes. Wan iv thim
was heerd to say that he didn't care whether
th' bar-boy made it an egg-phosphate or a
vanilla sthrawberry mixed, as he did not
intind to go home till th' followin' day,
annyhow. Th' more permanent poor wur
rukinman, th' athletes. in outing clothes iv
blue canvas, has thus far, not invistigated th'
model saloon beyond th' beer pump. An',
now I come to think iv it I can't raymimber
iver seein' a poor wufrukinman sprintin' fr
th' Dutchman's pause in V front * iv a dhrug
MR. DOOLEY ON THE MODEL SAL00N
Neuralgia is said to be successfully
treated in Italy by the use of blue
light.
The Luckless Constellation.
Seemingly strangely out of place
among the steam and steel fighting
machines ell about her, the old frigate
Constellation lies In dry dock at the
In proroguing Parliament King Edward referred
feelingly and with gratification to his "political mission"
to Tibet. One of the most significant and most distress
ing evidences of a nation's decline is the tendency to
use words that soften an ugly fact or modify an unwel
come Condition that has crept into national life. The ac
tivity of the British in Tibet means nothing to the world
as a "political mission."
Parties from the Coast and Geodetic
Survey are now at work in connection
with similar bodies from Canada in
marking the Alaskan boundary line
according to the determination of the
tribunal which met In London last
summer. It will take several years to
complete the work, for the • physical
difficulties in the way are enormous.
Some of the country Is so boggy that
it can be properly covered only when
the ground is frozen, while for most
ot the rest of it, especially the moun
tain section, only a few months in the
summer are available. In addition,
there is a considerable stretch for
Marking the Boundaries.
Time to Quit.
At the unveiling ceremony of the
famous Bartholdl statue the clergy
man who offered the opening prayer
was inclined to spin out his petition.
General Sherman was sitting beside
him, and at length, quietly putting out
a hand, he pulled the reverend gentle
man by the coattails gently back into
his seat. When asked about the inci
dent the general coolly replied:
"I thought he'd told God about all
he wanted to know for one time, and
others were waiting their turn at the
public." — August Lippincotf3.
The defeat of the Vladivostok squadron and the un
merciful walloping of the Port Arthur fleet should be
accepted by Russian strategists as nothing less than an
unmixed blessing to the empire. Japan is really assist
ing Russia to get rid of many expensive and apparently
useless toys. Besides this, the little brown men are com
ing to the rescue of a bunch of Slav naval reputations
by diminishing the number of humiliating defeats with a
few splendid annihilating engagements.
Home Again.
Bet you don't know where I've been—
I've been off down on a farm!
Look here, where I've burnt the skin
More'n half way up my arm!
I could had a teeny pig
To bring home, but ma said no.
It would get too awful big
When it onct begun to grow.
An' I saw 'em makin hay
"With a cutter ten feet wide—
When I wanted, all the day
I could sit on top an* ride!
An' onct, sir. the cutter stick
Cut a rabbit right in two —
He went "squeak, squeak!" like that,
quick —
- An* you ought to seen him — whew!
Farmers have no groe'ry store,
But they get their eggs in mows.
An' they don't need milkmen, for
They squeeze milk straight out of
cows!
An' my uncle — Uncle Jed —
Onct when I was standln* by
"Open up you mouth!" he said—
But he squirted In my eye!
I went round in overalls
An'ihad pie for breakfas* — gee!
An* I rang the bell that calls -^
In for dinner an' for tea.
An* the hired girl, she ate
At the table 'long with us —
Country girls aren't s'posed to wait.
So ma didn't raise a fuss.
I washed near the back-stoop pump
In a basin with the rest.
An' nobody tried to jump
On us when we splashed or messed.
Ma. she says that I'm a sight
'Cause 1 got so black — oh. dear,
I'm afraid I'll get all white
•Fore I go again next year.
— Edwin L. Sabln, In August Lipplncott s.
OAKLAND is about to pioneer in the most impor
tant matter that can concern American munici
palities. The bond issue proposed in that city for
long needed and highly beneficial public improvements
is handicapped by some advocates of public ownership
of public utilities who desire to hold the city's credit
intact for the purchase of such utilities. To meet this
and placate all parties Councilman John L. Howard
has introduced into the Council a measure looking to
the securing: of authority from the State to issue bonds
for the purchase of public utilities, and basing the bonds
on the plants so acquired, leaving the credit and general
fund of the city unimpaired, to serve the proper purposes
of government and extend the admirable system of pub
lic improvements proposed by the bond issue that is
Mr. Howard's proposition separates the two issues and
keeps them separate. It will give Oakland the leader
ship of a policy that has been widely discussed in this
country and in Europe, and which places the public
utility policy of municipalities on an entirely new and
better basis.
It is believed that the purpose sought by Mr. Howard
can be accomplished without amending the constitution
of the State. But even if that have to be done, it is more
than worth while to do it, for the sake of the relief that
it will be to the credit and general fund of our cities which
may be inclined to experiment with public ownership.
It is in our opinion the only method by which a just and
intelligent business policy in administering public owned
utilities can be secured, and the advocates of public own
ership who without prejudice treat the subject from the
standpoint of well-matured judgment will surely see
their way to support this safe and enlightened policy by
which the users of the public plant will pay for it, and
the public credit will remain intact, no matter what may
happen to the public plant. .
Surely Oakland is awakened and feels the impulse of
leadership, and from this awakening great things may
be expected from that city.
In certain respects boundary mark
ers have a harder task than any other
class of workers who push out
through the unbroken wilderness. Tha
civil engineer who lays out a railroad
line is on the lookout for the easiest
possible course. The route which
would have the fewest difficulties for
him to travel over would have the
fewest obstacles for the railroad.
When he comes Into sight of a region
which is Impassable, by all human
standards, he steps one side and looks
for the next best stretch of country.
With the boundary marker this is dif
ferent. He has to follow the march
ing orders of the treaty which ha la
to execute, and no matter where the
line which it describes In degrees,
minutes and seconds of earth's meas
urement lies, he is expected to fol
low. This makes his task on© of
the most serious . that adventurous
man has to perform. He has to carry
boats, prairie wagons, mountain
climbing mules and a great variety of
appliances for swinging chasms, scal
ing ledges and crossing streams. Hia
party must also keep communication
open with a base of supplies, almost
aa much as an army. The tales of ad
venture of this Alaskan party will be
worth hearing 1 . ...
which no determination -was made
by the Alaskan tribunal. It passes
through a piece of mountain country
of no seemins value, even remotely,
to either nation. Until something
arises to make t*he land worth, some
thing, which is rather Improbable, no
attempt will be made to apply to It
the principles agreed upon at the tri
bunal.
"America."
The Golden Gate Park band, under
the leadership of Paul Steindorff. will
render the following programme to
day:
PART L
"Star Spangled Banner." National aathera
u. a a.
(The audlencs Is requested to arise and re
main standlns during tha rendition ©t this
number.)
March, lntermeszow '"Katuaka"
_ • Le» Crsan Smith
Overture. "Zampa" Harold
Waltz. "Jolly Fellows" Vellsiedt
Solo for cornet, Schubert's "Serenade"
_ ;••• ••••••••. D. C. Rosebroolt
Selection, "La Trtvlata" Verdi
PART II. " *
Overture. "Mornins, Noon aad Klcht la
Vienna" Supt>»
(a) ••Turkish Patrol" Mlchaells
(b) Toy march from "Babes la Toy
land' Herbert
Selection. "Klnff Dodo" Ludera
Ballet music la "William Tell" Rossini
Caprice, "Awakening of the Lion"
D« KlntakX
Music tit the Park.
RAILROAD COMMISSIONER — P,
H., Tuba County, CaL Tha salary of
a railroad commissioner In California
Is $4000 per annum. • 7
r Anszvers to Queries,
ON LEASED LAND- CL. City. IT
the question asked refers to th» btrHd-i
ing of a house on leased land, what
shall be done with the house at thm
expiration of the lease depends npoat
agreement reached at the tinm th*
lease Is executed. -V
Townsend's California Glace fruits fct
artistic flre-etched boxes. 715 Market st.*
Special information supplied <!afly t»
business houses and public men by t*b«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cai-.
Ifornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •
PUBLIC -UTILITY BONDS.
Special Correspondence.
Fanner Actress' Sad Plight.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE CALL,
E HENRIETTA STREET. COVENT
GARDEN. LONDON. Aug. 7. — Sad,
indeed, is the Etory of an American
woman now in sore straits in London.
A few years ago she was living in
luxury on Massachusetts avenue In
Boston as the wife of John P. Cush
ing, grandson of the old merchant
prince of that name, who made a big
fortune in trade with China. .To-day
she is destitute, friendless and well
r.igh distracted, after a prolonged
search for employment in almost any
capacity.
The unhappy woman's story, backed
by all the necessary legal documents,
is to the effect that her maiden name
was Laura Wolfe. At the age of 17,
when she was living in Brooklyn with
her mother and young sister Louise,
she was, married to Nat Ward, pro
prietor of a Brooklyn billiard hall.
She left him on the ground of cruelty
and obtained a divorce from him in
1891. going on the stage and winning
a considerable reputation in Ingenue
parts. She was with the Donnelly and
Girard Company in "Natural Gas"
when she was wooed and won by
Cushing, 'to whom she was married
in 1894. The pair spent five years of
unalloyed happiness in cruising about
the world in their yacht, the Corona,
with all the luxury that wealth could
'command: but in 1899 love's dream
was rudely interrupted by Cushlng's
with his wife's younger
sister Louise, whom she had cared for
and educated, so she says. According
to Mrs. Cushing* s story t her husband
also wheedled away from her $10,000
¦which he had settled upon her.
The injured lady's suit for separa
tion and alimony was met by an
assertion that her first husband had
never been served with the paper in
her- suit against him for divorce, that
the divorce was not technically good,
nnd that the second marriage was null
and void. In the meantime, the first
husband, Ward, supposing that he had
been duly divorced, had married
again. The case was finally decided
against Mrs. Cushing in 1900, after
a long, hard contest in the courts,
and in consequence of the shock she
was ill for the ensuing year from ner
\ous prostration. What little money
she had was soon spent and she was
forced to return to the stage, where
most of her engagements were more
or less unsuccessful. Her last ap
pearance was with the Milton Royles
in "My Wife's Husband." In the cir
cumstances, she observes, the name of
that play got on her nerves. Last
April, as a desperate resort, she came
over to Europe In some vague hope
that she might obtain relief from her
quondam husband, who has lately
been living with his mother, Mrs. John
G. Cushing, on their estate In Pau,
France. Her appeals to him were un
answered, however and disappoint
ment again broke down her health.
To-day her state is pitiable.
A young man, versatile enough to include highway
robbery among his accomplishments, wept bitterly in
court the other day when he was sentenced to pursue
his career for a reasonably long time as a convict in
San Quentin penitentiary. '.If the tears were inspired by
reflection they were justified, even if tardy. If they were
provoked by chagrin they should be held as the sign
of one of the few triumphs won by an unoffending
public over the most dastardly and cowardly of thieves.
The A rizona Editor.
"You fellers on the big city papers,"
said Judge Bradshaw yesterday, as he
carefully parted his long coat-tails and
plumped into an easy chair at the Pal
ace, "has mighty little idea of the com
plex trials of a Arizona editor. One
day I meets up with Hon. Tim Dacy,
who is editor of the Casa Grande
Ruinator.
" 'Hello,* says I, 'how air you?' "
" 'I'm tired, 1 says Tim. 'I've had a
hard week. This editorial labor is
weann' on me. F*r instance, on Mon
day I sows a ten-acre patch to barley,
acts as Judge for the horse races at
the Territorial Fair and referees the
prizefight between Maguire's bartender
and that miner man from Bisbee.
Tuesday I interviews a visiting Bishop
on 'The Ideal Rum Shop.' deals faro
bank for Shorty Harris, who gets shot
In the lee by a Mexican, and reports a
banquet at Rosen's beer hall. Wednes
day I takes my Sunday school class
out for a picnic and relieves Dr. Law
ton that night of $280 by a little skill
ful poker playln'. Thursday I was
pallbearer at Hank Burrows' funeral,
who got drunk and fell In his own
shaft; then I writes a pome on him en
titled 'Oh, For the "Wings of a Angel.'
At night I lectured before the Sorosia
Club on 'Home Influence Among Mex
ican Section Hands.' Friday I shod
my team of mules, worked out my road
tax and delivered a oration before the
Young Men's Henry w. Davis Demo
cratic Club. To-day I built a barn for
my cow, traded a old saddle for a
pretty fair Winchester, repaired the
front of my real estate office and I
ain't half done yet.
" "The worst of It Is. my editorial,
reportorial, composing room and press
room forces is down at Dolan's winning
money at faro bank and lapping up
whisky like a road agent. Chances air
they won't show up for a week. Ye
betchew I'm tired.' "
THE French Academy has recently published a
book, in its "Annales Politiques et Litteraires," on
the industrial resources of the United States, and
the relation of this country to the commercial interests
cf France. This book is reviewed by M. Hanotaux of
the Academy in the Journal de St. Petersburg, an in
iluential Russian paper. M. Hanotaux says the publica
tion of this book is one of the signs of the times. It is
a veritable and practical encyclopedia of commerce, and
adds: "The great evil in France is the desire to stay at
home, the indifference to travel. The French do not
travel, hence everything surprises them. The only cure
for insularity and narrowness is travel. 'Travel! Go
outside!' I say again and again to my countrymen.
Now the book under review would dispense with travel,
were that possible. It puts facts just as they are; in read
ing it one lives .among realities. One is made to under
stand why one nation or man succeeds, and the other
fails. Here are the names of sellers, buyers, banking
houses, commission houses, and even in certain cases
the method of procedure."
Continuing M. Hanotaux says the United States is
high above the commercial horizon. Its attitude v is
menacing, and all eyes are turned to it. With a terri
tory as large as Europe, and a population of 8o,ooo,ooo,
touching the world's two great oceans, and a climate
that ranges from tropical to arctic, and all kinds of min
erals from gold to coal, and all plants from cedar to'
hyssop, and all animals from the whale to the bird of
paradise, the master of all the articles of primary im
portance, iron, cotton, coal and cereals, this colossal
industrial empire is armed to the teeth for the arts of
peace. In freight alone the United States is nearer to
the Mediterranean than Liverpool is to Marseilles.
He sees all of this vast power concentrated to push
its products with an irresistible impulse upon the markets
of the world. But he declares that it is not our match
less industrial discipline alone that accounts for our
power and primacy, for that very discipline has created
a still more intelligently wielded and terrible weapon,
the graduated tariff, continually changed to meet
changed conditions, and modified to coincide with the
progress of the country. Sheltered behind* this, he sees
the American republic forging ahead with astonishing
rapidity and success. Our gates are opened or closed as
the stranger is considered helpful or harmful.
He concludes: "Thus at the beginning of the twen
tieth century the United States faces the world as a
most desirable market on the one hand, and as an awful
menace to manufacturing nations* on the other. Is Eu
rope in general, and each particular power, doomed to
inevitable and irremediable defeat? Is the battle that
is to be fought hopeless? Will the power, prosperity
and progress that have marked the American republic's
movements for a decade continue until they have ob
scured all else? In other words, are we to be confronted
by an American peril more terrible and more pressing
than the yellow ' peril, one that is to wield against the
Old World the weapon before which that Old World is to
go down to irretrievable defeat?"
M. Hanotaux decides that industrial warfare differs
from military war, and that in it both victor and van
quished gain something. As long as we use our tariff
to defend our home market, but also as a means of se
curing reciprocal trade, he believes that the Old World
may prosper on such of our trade as we choose to give
it in return for that which it has and we want. He de
cides that it is useless to try and prevent our commer
cial primacy. But we have the primary materials re
quired by Europe, coal, cotton, iron and petroleum, and
he believes that we endanger the Old World only in the
food supply. Europe wants bur primary materials which
she does not produce. As for France, he believes that
she will never be excelled in the manufacture of luxuri
ous articles which we do not produce, and that with the
inevitable increase in wealth which attends upon our
continued control of the world's commerce, we will al
ways offer to her a profitable market. But he does not
point out the particulars in which the rest of Europe
may find equal comfort, except that those nations may
under the stress and pressure of the American peril
discover in themselves new and unsuspected capacities.
To illustrate such a possibility, he quotes one example
in searching into the capacities of this continent and
using them in our development. As an instance of this
he says: "In 1823, the commander of Fort Dearborn, a
pessimist, wrote to the Secretary of War at Washington:
'I have the honor to inform you that this post should
be abandoned because the country surrounding it is
Brooklyn Navy Yard. Even since
coming to the yard a month ago "she
has managed to strengthen her reputa
tion for bad luck. The carpenters in
charge of the - repair work discovered
a few mc-rnings since that, by the
warping of the props which support
her in an upright position, she had
come within an ace of toppling over.
Such an accident probably wc-uld have
ended her long career aa a ship, for
her old timbers, patched and repatched
for the past hundred years, could hard
ly have resisted such a shock.
If ever a ship was made the special
plaything of mischance, the Constella
tion is that ship. Even now, with her
gun-ports, from which once protruded
the black muzzles of her "long eight
eens," converted into windo-ws, she has
a peculiarly sinister and Irresponsible
appearance. From the day on which
she was launched, September 7, 1797,
her history has been mainly one of
mishaps. She was always well fought
and her flag never came down to an
antagonist. But, as if to make her un
luckiness ail the more unbearable,
some little trick of fate always made
her victories valueless, or turned them
against her.
In the war with France, in 1799, she
managed to administer drubbings to
two French ships at different times,
but in each case a chance shot rendered
her unmanageable; In one instance her
antagonist was enabled to escape, while
in the other a storm almost swamped
her before she could make port. In
the war with Tripoli she was lured un
der a short battery by a fleet of Moor
ish • feluccas, and treated to such a
battering with red-hot balls before she
could get away that she was ordered
back to the United States for repairs.
Finally, in the war of 1812, while all
her sister ships were winning glory on
the high seas, she was blockaded by
an English fleet in Hampton Roads,
and was unable to get out while the
war lasted.
The first fight of the now ancient
frigate was with a French ship, L'ln
surgente, in the early part of 1799. The
Constellation carried twenty-eight
"eighteens"— about as dangerous as the
modern 6-pounder, and good at a range
of half a mile — and twenty-eight , 32
pound carronades, which was the usual
complement cf a thirty-eight-gun frig
ate at that time. In armament the
French ship was rated about the same,
but she carried 409 men to the Con
stellation's 302. The American ship
was commanded by Commodore Trux
ton, and in half an hour the French
man pulled down his flag. A prize crew
was sent aboard from the Constella
tion, but in the midst of the transfer
it was discovered that the Constella
tion had received a stray shot in her
rudder gearing whleh left her about as
manageable as a log of wood. The
shJps were separated and the Constel
lation's crew had all they could do to
keep her from being swamped. On
board the French frigate, the little
American prize crew was in a preca
rious condition. Only a few men had
gone aboard the prize when the storm
came up, and the French crew was
large and inclined to be rebellious. The
Americans ordered their captives be
low, closed the hatches, and, armed to
the teeth, paraded the deck and dared
any of the Frenchmen to show them-
Eelves. After three sleepless days and
nights they managed to make port, to
be rejoined by the Constellation two
days later— New York Evening Post.
AS SEEN ABROAD.
such that it is impossible for a population to live here
sufficient to justify the expense of keeping a fort at this
place!' In 1893, seventy years later, Chicago, where
that, fort stood, had a population of a million and a
half, and 27,000,000 visited her Columbian exposition."
That conclusion is, of course, cheering to Europe, and
no American will grudge the benefit that may follow the
discovery of new resources and capacities in the nations
across the sea. But it must not be forgotten that they
have been under*the touch of civilized man for ages, and
that he has time and again been put to his mettle in
searching for sustaining resources, as we put him now*
and there cannot be much to find.
Americans will be especially interested in noting the
conclusion of this observant Frenchman, that, we have
not only the resources and industrial discipline, but that
we prevent their waste by our system of tariff, de
nounced in some quarters now as "robbery."
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 21, 1904.
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor ..... .-. . ... Address AUCommmiicatioas to JOHN McNAUGHf, Manager
Publication Office. ............. . . . .. . . . ? .Third and Market Streets, S. F
SUNDAY ..... ....... .... v ... ...... AUGUST 21. 1904
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
{ I SEE " said Mr. Dooley, "a Bishop
I down in New York has opened a sa-
I loon."
"Glory be." said Mr. Hennessy.
"Not our kind iv Bishop."
"No," said Mr. Dooley. "Wan iv th' near
our-kind. He didn't rc-aly open it th 1 way
ye think. He don't own th' jint. He on'y
backs it with his moral infioonce, like a
brewery. Ye see, it was this way. Wan
day this Bishop dhropped into his club. I
don't know why it is that we always say a
man dhrops into a club. He's more likely
to dhrop out if he ain't supported. But,
anyhow, th' Bishop dhropped into his club
an' hurlin' himself into a sumchuous ar-nn
chnir opened his breevery an' settled down
to wait fr th' evenin' pa-apers. As he ¦ set
with his feet cocked up on a chair,
rcadin' his devotional book an' occasionally
divir.' into th' milk punch, he says to him
silf: 'This is rale comfort. A club is a gran'
place.' Suddenly th' thought sthruck him.
'•What,' 'lays he, 'am I doin' fr th' poor?
Here am I loungin' in comfort in me club.
Has th' poor vrurnikin' man a club? Not at
all. He has no club but th' wan th' police
men carries. Thin where does he spind his
time between 4 o'clock in th' afthernoon an'
8 o'clock dinner? In th' saloon. Th' saloons
I .r-read about where th' poor wurrukin'
man buys a shell iv beer, ates four dollars
vorth iv free lunch an' goes home and beats
his wife, or vicy versy, as th' case may be,
is no place fo'r him. I will start a model
dive where me humble mechanic frinds iv
th' slums can take their karosihe amid com
fortable surroundin's, chat with their fel
low juggiers on lli' issues iv th' day an' go
home ilivatcd in i*.'ry s:nse iv th' wurrud,' he
aays.
wufrukin' man likes his dhrink, as who does
not? But he wants to take it in peace. His
varchues has been wrote about. Bat let
him injye his few simple vices in hi3 own
way, says I. He goes to th' saloon an' ye
go to th' club mostly fr th' same reason.
Ye don't want to go home. He don't need
annywan to push him into a bar. He'll go
there because that's a place where wan
man's betther thin another an' nobody is
really on but th' bartinder. There ought to
be wan place where th' poor wnrrukin' man
can escape bein' patted on th' back. He
ain't so bad, ye'cr grace, as ye think.
Wurrukin' men don't dhrink to excess.
Dhrunkenncss is a vice iv th' idle. Did ye
iver see a la'ad sprintin' across a joist two
hundred feet in th' air? D'ye think. he cud
do that if he was a free dhrinker? Th' on'y
wurrukinmen who dhrink much too much
ar-re thruckmen an that's because they have
so much time on. their hands. While they
ar're waitin' f r a load they get wan. Aven
some iv thim ar-re sober. Ye can tell thira
be their hats.
32Henry Agnew, a wealthy English
man, who arrived from Victoria, B. : C,
en the steamship Queen, was denied
a landing: yesterday on the ground that
he was suffering from tuberculosis, a
contagious disease. '-'•
Rich Man May Not Enter.
"Faith: Its Dangers and Safe
guards," will be the subject; of a lec
ture by the Most Rev. George Mont
gomery, Coadjutor Archbishop of San
Francisco, on Thursday evening, Au
gust 25, at St. Mary's Cathedral. The
proceeds of the lecture will go to the
fund for the Children's Day Home.
Archbishop Will Lecture.
A woman who is known as Etta
Gordon, -alias Etta McHenry, residing
at 717 Howard street, was severely
injured by falling downstairs yester
day. At the Central Emergency Hos
pital It was found that she had sus
tained a fracture of the right thigh
bone, with a possible fracture of the
skull. Her condition is such that she.
may possibly die from the effects of
her injuries. Overindulgence in stim
ulants ls attributed to the cause of
her falling downstairs.
Severely Injured by a Fall.
At the close of business in the
freight auditing department of the
Southern Pacific Company yesterday
the clerks assembled to offer their
well wishes to Mortimer M. Dodge,
who yesterday severed his connection
with the company. Mr. Dodge has
been in the employ of the Southern
Pacific for the last seventeen years
and leaves to accept a position as
treasurer of the Majestic Theater. W.
R. Jones, on behalf of Dodge's former
fellow employes, presented him with
a handsome gold watch. : Mr. Dodge
in a neat speech thanked his friends
for the tribute and the meeting' broke
up with an informal reception and the
singing of "Auld Lang Syne."
Tribute to Fellow Clerk.
The United States Grand Jury, yes
terday brought in a true bill of in
dictment, charging Noble B. Young
with forgery of a_ postal money order.
Noble B. Young Indicted.
Arnold Daly, who would "rather be
a mick than a king" and who inci
dentally is going to produce for the
first time here on Monday night
George Bernard Shaw's brilliant com
edy, "Candida," arrived ln town yes
terday. Mr. Daly's early struggles to
produce "Candida" In New York make
one of the liveliest chapters of current
dramatic history. Beginning with a
borrowed $400 in a tiny theater on
the edge of nowhere, the players fin
ally ended ln the Vaudeville Theater,
New York, filling the theater at every
performance. Mr. Daly is much
pleased with the local. Interest in
Shaw and thinks that of all the Shaw
plays so far produced "Candida" will
be found the most fascinating. The
play is styled on the programmes
Bernard Shaw's "delightful comedy,"
"Candida," Mr. Daly quaintly putting
it "that there are more laughs ln
'Candida' — if you want to laugh —
than in any musical comedy." The
company in support is Identical with
that of New York and includes Miss
Dorothy Donnelly, whose Candida was
one of the remarkable features of New
York's last season.
Arnold Daly Arrive!.
Petitions in insolvency were filed
yesterday ln the United States District
Court as follows: Henry D. Corbett,
salesman, San Francisco, liabilities,
$1741, no assets; Fred N. Edwards,
locomotive fireman, San Francisco, lia
bilities, $1087, no assets; O. W. Peter
son, merchant, Berkeley, liabilities,
$2593, assets $218.
Petitions in Insolvency.
A communication from the cus
todian oSthe San Francisco building
at the St. Louis World's Fair says that
a great many St. Louis people who
have visited the building have shown
a marked interest in San Francisco.
A list of these people is being made
and it is the intention to give an oc
casional evening lecture^Jn the build
ing and send out special Invitations to
the same. The plan is" to deal with
San Francisco and its Oriental Inter
ests on such occasions, showing some
of the best pictures of the city and
bay, and then take up on one evening
Japan, on another China, another the
Philippines and another the Hawaiian
Islands, in each case showing their
intimate connection with San Fran
cisco.
San Francisco's Far Eastern Trade
to lie Shown at the St. Louis
• Exposition.
WILL LECTURE OX CITY'S
ORIENTAL INTERESTS
William Ap Madoc, the music direc
tor of the Chicago high schools and
adjudicator of the great choral con
tests at the St. Louis World's Fair,
will give a song recital at the Academy
of Sciences Hall on Tuesday evening,
under the auspices of the local Cym
rodorion Society. His selections will
consist in greater part of the harp
melodies of the ancient bard harpists
of the principality of Wales. Some
of these melodies were composed in
the first six centuries of the Christian
era. They will be sung to English
.words. Mr. Ap Madoc is a musician
of national reputation and the great
est living authority on Kymric music.
Emlyn Lewis will be the pianist.
The Songs of Wales.
Lena S. Walton, the Nome woman
of mines and litigation, is not going
on to Washington with her budget of
sensational charges and evidence
against persons in and out of official
life without taking due care of the
proceedings brought against her by
Max Gutter, charging her with obtain
ing mpney under false pretenses.
Through her attorney, Wai J. Tus
ka, she filed in the Superior Court yes
terday a demand for a bill of particu
lars from Gutter. She was arrested
at his instance and on Friday the
case was continued for hearing on
Xovember 15. Immediately afterward
Miss Walton announced that she
would go on to Washington and pre
sent her evidence of misdoings in the
gold fields of the north. She sold
Gutter an interest in the Gold Bug
claims at Nome and declares that she
did so in good faith and is able to
prove her title. She made the state
ment that he is under the influence of
her legal opponents and is trying to
bar her progress to the national cap
ital.
Woman Wants to Know Why She Was
Arrested for Obtaining Money
Falsely.
MISS WALTON DEMANDS
REASONS FKOM GUTTER
\ C. C. Boylan, manager of the West
1 ern Paint, Oil and Glass Company at
j 525 Front street, secured a warrant
from Police Judge Cabanlsa yester
day for the arrest of David J. Make
! peace of the firm of Makepeace & Co.,
j at 30S Market street, on a felony
j charge of obtaining goods by false pre
! tenses.
j It is alleged that on June 9 Make
' peace ~> purchased five barrels of lin
iseed oil of the value of $125 96 from
the Western Company on the represen
tation that he was worth $8000 and
had two carloads of linseed oil in tran
sit and unincumbered.
Boylan alleges that these statements
of Makepeace were false; that instead
j of be.ins worth SSOOO he had at that
' time made an assignment to his cred
! itors and he did not have two car
; loads of the oil in transit and unin
j cumbered. Makepeace formerly lived
at 620 Oak street, but has recently re
moved to San Jose.
Paint and Oil Merchant Accused of
Obtaining Goods by False,
Pretenses. ;. > ;¦ •
WARRANT OUT FOR ARREST
OF DAVID J. MAKEPEACE
The average young man's object ln
life Is to become some girl's subject.
With interesting and impressive cere
mony Rev. Bernard M. Kaplan, the
newly elected rabbi of the Bush-street
Temple, was installed yesterday morn
ing in his office. The addres was de
livered by Dr. Voorsanger of Temple
Emanu-El, who outlined the functions
and duties of rabbis and teachers in Is
rael. He laid special emphasis on the
educational requisites as well as the
necessity for great piety in a rabbi,
because upon him devolves the duty of
preserving the learning handed down
by the Jewish sages.
Dr. Voorsanger welcomed the new
rabbi to San Francisco and to his con
gregation and expressed a hope that
all in the community would be bene
fited by his coming.
Dr. Kaplan made a short reply, man
ifested his gratification at the cor
diality of his reception by the congre
gation and the people generally. He
agreed with Dr. Voorsanger that Juda
ism stands for higher learning, and
quoted Dr. Voysey of- the Theistic
church of London, who referred to mod
ern Judaism as the religion that can
stand unarmed against the weapons of
modern science. Judaism ethically is
for self-control, said he, and for the
building ud of the character of the In
dividual, and in this upbuilding every
one must be his own savior.
Dr. Kaplan is a fluent talker, using
no manuscript and speaking with great
clearness. More than 700 persons crowd
ed into the temple, among whom were
many old Sacramento friends of the
new rabbi. The doctor will deliver his
inaugural sermon next Saturday morn
ing.
Rev. B. M. Kaplan As
sumes Duties at Bush-
Street Synagogue.
Fred Rible, a boilermaker, strolled
into the employment office' of Costigan
& Co., 624 Clay street, on Friday and
saw on the wall a placard which read
"Wanted, Fred Rible, boilermaker, to
call on the clerk, a^ there is a job for
him." Rible was told that a Job had
been procured for him with the Santa
Fe Railroad and a demand was made
for $3 commission. A compromise was
made for $2 50. Rible and the clerk
got on a Kearny street car to go to
Alleges He "Was Tricked.
the office of the company to secure the
job, but the representative of the em
ployment company, Rible alleges,
jumped off the car at Market street
and disappeared. Rible complained to
the police yesterday morning and was
Instructed to swear out a "John Doe"
warrant for petty larceny by trick and
device. Detective Ryan arrested J.
Costigan and booked him at the City
Prison on the charge. Ha was released
on $50 cash bail.
YOUNG HEBREW DIVINE, IN
STALLED YESTERDAY AS RABBI
OF THE BUSH-STREET TEMPLE
Cabaniss. Valentine was sentenced to
pay a fine of $300 and Burke $100. They
were represented by Attorney George
D. Collins, and Attorney Joseph F.
Coffey conducted the prosecution.
Collins appealed to the Superior Court
and Judges Cook, Lawlor and Dunne,
sitting in bank, affirmed the judgment
of the lower court. Collins immediately
applied for a writ of certiorari, and ar
gument on the application was heard
before Judge Lawlor, who declined to
interfere with the Judgment of the ap
pellate court.
When the remittitur was received by
Judge Cabaniss the defendants did not
pay the fines and they were ordered
into custody. Collins applied for a writ
of habeas corpus before Judge Cook,
and at the same time filed an appeal
to the Supreme Court. When the ap
plication for the writ came up before
Judge Cook for argument Collins ar
gued that the defendants could not be
compelled to pay the fines until the
appeal .to the Supreme Court had been
decided, and the Judge agreed . with
him. The defendants were released on
$300 bonds each pending the Supreme
Court decision.
The Supreme Court has decided
against the appellants, and yesterday
the case was called before Judge Cook
for argument on the writ of habeas
corpus. The court was informed that
pending the decision of the Supreme
Court Defendant Burke had died. Col
lins now raises the point that as the
ordinance under which the defendants
were convicted had been repealed this
has practically acted as a legislative
pardon, and the surviving defendant
should be discharged.
Coffey contended that after the Judg
ment had been affirmed and action
taken by the arrest of the defendants
the repeal of the ordinance was inop
erative. He promised to submit author
ities on the point, and the Judge con
tinued the case till September 2. .
A case that has been' stubbornly
fought on both sides for the past four
years had another hearing in Judge
Cook's court yesterday. It is the case
of W. D. Valentine and M. Burke, who
were arrested in 1900 for running a
"bucket shop" in this city. They were
tried and convicted before Police Judge
The Mayor contends that the amend
ments should be adopted by resolution,
and not by roll call of votes. He points
to the fact that Judge Hebbprd during
Phelan's regime decided that all resolu
tions must go to the Mayor for his ap
proval or disapproval, and, in fact, the
business of the Supervisors must be
done by resolutions or ordinances.
The only " amendment -which the
Mayor approved was That modifying
the dollar limit of taxation by provid
ing for a tax of 85 cents for municipal
expenditures and 15 cents for public
improvements. He vetoed five others,
and was not given an opportunity to
act on nine or ten others.
The Mayor has already evidenced his
Intention to direct the Election Com
missioners not to place upon the official
ballot the amendments which he has
vetoed and those which were not sent
to him. On the other hand, the Super
visors threaten mandamus proceedings
to compel the Election Commission to
place all the amendments adopted by
them on the ballots, and the clerk of
the board is preparing a draft thereof
to be served on the Election Commis
sion. At all events complications are
sure to arise which will throw the dis
pute into the courts for adjudication.
The fact that the Board of Super
visors refused to send to Mayor
Schmitz certain proposed amendments
for his signature because he saw fit to
veto several which had been forwarded
to him will undoubtedly result in court
proceedings to determine the legality
of the board's action ln the premises.
Aside from a Judicial determination
of/ the noint noted, the courts will also
be asked to decide if the Board' of Su
pervisors in fixing on November 8 next
for the submission of charter amend
ments is not violating the constitution
of the State, which provides, according
to the opinion of eminent attorneys who
have been consulted, that charter
amendments shall be submitted at In
tervals of not less than two years, the
last amendment having been submitted
on December 4, 1902.
Mayor Schmitz expressed himself as
rather chagrined at the publication in
The Call of yesterday of the article
pointing out the constitutional provi
sion for biennial amendments to the
charter. His Honor stated that he did
not want to make the matter public for
a while, at least, for obvious reasons.
The Mayor admitted that in all likeli
hood a court decision would be peti
tioned for on the legal interpretation
of the constitutional provision and also
on the validity of the Supervisors' ac
tion in not sending to him their pro
posed amendments, as they had start
ed to do.
His Honor Declares Super
visors Acted Illegally in
Withholding Eesolutions
Case Is That of Valentine &
Burke, Bucket Shop Men,
Convicted Four Years Ago
ASKS FOE -A DISMISSAL
CONSTITUTION IS CLEAR
Argues -That Eepeal of Or
dinance Practically Acts
as a Legislative Pardon
Mayor Schmitz Says Dispute
Over Charter Amendments
Will Be Taken to Courts
COLLINS RAISES
A NOVEL POINT
SEEKS JUDICIAL
DETERMINATION
• . - - • • . .--...-.¦.¦¦.• ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 21, 190*.
NEW RABBI
INSTALLED
IN TEMPLE
We have a world of new things for tfie
fall trade and newly fitted rooms to show
them , in. Visitors welcome., Sanborn,
Vail & Co.. 741 Market st. --¦• • •
New Pictures and Frames.
33
... ADVKKTISESIENTS.
f* £? CD To Readers of the
f^l^CC s^M FRANCISCO CALL
'Did it Ever Occur to You that the Genuine
Cost No More than a Substitute?
Readers of this paper can get the genuine free. Read carefully.
$250.00 REWARD
for information leading to the conviction of any dealer or •manu-
facturer having refilled empty bottles of ED. PINAUD'S World-
Renowned Hair and Scalp Tonic, Eau De Quinine, or adulterating
and tampering in any shape or form with the original contents of
the -same. This offer is bona-fide, and is made in order to protect
. 'the consumer of ED. PINAUD'S Toilet Preparations. To avoid
imitations see that the name ED. PINAUD is on every bottle.
Any communication relative to the detection of such frauds will
*b« treated in strict confidence, a:
(Fr^nounced Pee-no)
Eau de Quinine Hair Tonic
is the orinigal hair and scalp tonic, and on account of the growing
• demand some manufacturers and dealers have counterfeited our
bottle and label, and are palming off an inferior article on the pub-
lic. "The only safe and sure way of getting the GENUINE is to
sec that the name ED PINAUD (pronounced Pee-no) ' is on each
hbttle. ED. PINAUD'S EAU DE QUININE HAIR TONIC is
the acknowledged standard of all such preparations, and will
cure dandruff and stop falling hair where others fail. Once used
always used. (Beware of substitutes.) READ 'THE FOLLOW-
ING TESTIMONIAL LETTERS FROM PROMINENT PEO-
PLE OF RECENT DATE WHO USE AND INDORSE ED.
, PINAUD'S HAIR TONIC, EAU DE QUININE. \
St. Lrf>uis Club. July 15. 1904. WEBER & FIELD'S MUSIC HALL.. ]
Pinaud's Eau de Quinine is a very re- Broadway and 30th St., :
freshing Hair Tonic. Yours truly. Xos. 33. 35. S7 West 29th St.. ;
p-jfirj New York City.
/y, New York - June 15 -
I JSS "*/^ //'I ~~^sJyt I aTa a constant user of Pinaud's Kau
I /y y> Af / / / // de Quinine. I think there is no other
,K>^7//, ///2>(ArL6//C«j£i / r Hair Tonic that can equal it. This is
\^ /yvO""* t/ *~27 *^** " y^'J the opinion formed after many years of
c i / (f ' use. Very truly yours,
Victoria. June 14. 1904. //
You can't go wronf in using Pinaud's fvr ,.,
Eau de Quinine. 1 have used it for years "¦^¦•-^
and would not use any other. |
r' m N. E. Corner 107th St. & Broadway.
m, \ jf Xew York, Aug. 2, J9O4.
f (/) / r\ s-^ // In m -' °P lnJon Pinaud's Eau de Qui-
I //^y\^^ rr JDGUJCJL* j ninQ ls the most refreshing, invigorating
VywCA*^ y. f>s ~ r *~*-*y~S f aad beneficial hair preparation.
if y n
July 31. 1904. LljL * C\ / I f\
My experience with Pinauds Eau de *"TV W v /Lw^Uv**- O
Quinine has been most gratifying. I f /
consider it the best Hair Tonic on the ¦¦
market and the only one that keeps the
- bair from falling out. Sincerely, Hotel Marlborough, July 31. 1904.
I can recommend Ed. Pinaud's Eau de
4f /^^ ) „ Quinine Hair Tonic as the best Hair
*/ /r . J >£D# Tonic I have ever used. As an accessory
X J\* / J sss of the tolle ? ll ls su P er i°r to everything
' -— 7~" === ~-" Q/~ v/x —
THE ORCHID. /TL/^w^t-^>.
Xew Rochelle. X. Y.. June 14. f /
Over a period of years, and after using \S
mary preparations for the Invigoration nro /vonim-Divo > •
of the hair, none has prove bo satisfac- •
tory to me as Pinauds Eau de Quinine. ,, BE I AljT1 ? LL ' VENICE.
I rnak»» this acknowledgment all the more >,ri adison S 3. ua £? S ar w en> ,
sincerely because it has been unsolicited. Midsummer Xight Festivals.
Very truly yours. Direction Loudon G. Charlton,
Carnegie HalL
, Xew York. July 11. 1904.
¦ * t e ' nd P^aud's Eau de Quinine a won-
. n derful Hair Tonic— refreshing and invig-
• — i orating to the extreme.
Yonkem. N. Y.. Aug. *7. 1904. \
I have used several hair tonics within Y\ Ol .
the" last few years, and can unhesitating- 1 x f Aa/ » y\
ly say that Pinaud's Eau de Quinine has • A ' r\J^^^^r^
been the most satisfactory. Sincerely f ¦ I >l
jours. i /
/-¦~\ Au • ii , f\- R n Office of
V* V )\-2 W \) \ J FRED R. HAMLIN.
- Y^jl^^CNVrklr^VmrvPl.^ JULIAN MITCHELL,
J v* yy\) T^\JJ\i\SYqA/3 . Knickerbocker Theatre Building. '
/ 1 j*r*Vw f I Xew York, June<9. l'J04.
I J I [ I I have used many preparations for my
\ / \ l v/ hair, but none has been as satisfactory
v . as Ed. Pinaud's Eau de Quinine. As an
. Marlborough Hotel. Aug. 4. 1904. S^SSSSl? my tOUet * C ° DSider U ln "
° Pinauds Eau de Quinine ls the best
HaJr Tonic I have ever used, and I have yy
used many. yy -
-22« Went 45th St.. July SO. 1904. DAMEL^'arTHIIB
I consider Pinaud's Eau de Quinine the Suite 810^312 140* Broadway
most refreshing Hair Tonic there ls. * Xew York. June ll 1904.
Jf S .1 find that Ed. Pinaud's Eau de Qul-
*f */ />7 S *> J4^ / " lne !s «»sentially a preparation that has
jCm* xktt^ftffiM K s p ei as a HaJr Tonic - Ithasmy
JACOB LITT'S THEATRES. fP} • My *% *J
Broadway Theatre, 41st & B'way. f fl V/f > / A^V X ff
Jacob Litt. Proprietor. " r m£^(A C^C^^UV^W^
Xew York. Aug. 2. 1904. ««
rjuve used Pinaud's Eau de Quinine i«rtT. m Of
for five years. I began Its use to cure a aaillia BIZSGHAM.
bad oase of dandruff, which I did. I still 1123 Broadway,
continue to use- It. because It is an in- New York, Aug. 2, 1904
vlgorfctlng and refreshing Hair Tonic Pinaud'a Eau de Quinine ls the most
' Sincerely yours. efficacious tonic for the hair I have ever
. 0 } * used. It is especially valuable in pre-
/ L~ ,/ * venting the hair from falling out.
CHAS. FROHMAN'S CRITERION THEATRE
Cor. Broadway and 44th St ' New York, June 8 1904
VLTt^Z&JrJPJi^AZR SHAI ' L CONTINUE TO USE ED. PINAUD'S
EAU DE QUININE HAIR TOXIC. IT IS THE BEST I EVER USED.
TpfP Pp SAMPLE of Hair Tonic, including sample of
JL ivJpJUour latest creatibn in perfume, mailed on receipt
of ioc in silver or stamps to I — — : j
cover postage. TRY IT AND We *™ the largest manufac
BE- CONVINCED. ADDRESS turers ln the world of high
ED. PINAUD'S AMERICAN sradc perfumes. Our name is
OFFICE, care ED. PINAUD o guaraatee of highest quality t
'BLDG.,5th Av. and 14th St., ~ Pa ?™*jI* Ed Pinaud. 18
NEW YORK CITY. Pt c Vc odome, Paris.
1 — ; ; — v
SEE PAGES .
10 to 46.
ft BUSINESS CHANCES, MONEY TO LOAN ROOMS
II TO LET FURNISHED AND UNFURNISHED
|\V*| HOUSEKEEPING APARTMENTS TO LET, SITUaI
1 / TIONS WANTED, HELP WANTED. AND A THOU-
§&y SAND OTHER WANTS FULLY DISCUSSED—
f** PAGES 40 TO 46 INCLUSIVE, TO-DAY'S CALL.
4- ¦ '~ ¦'.'"- — *
Weekly Call, $1.OO per Year
ADVE1VJT1S.EMENTS.'
Monday, August* 22d.
Latest* Novelties
• in
51 £ K S
¦ — and
—NEXT WEEK—
Trimmings, Etc.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
—Special Sale at —
One-Half Regular Price
v# "Crescent"
iW ,r—~i* PlIDlD
ERQjyi^ Oil o3ns...
ill||||||pL Will either fill or
F^^^^^-jJ without spilling
'm/^m •* raj II iz:d iron. Cap ac-
"^?^§^mB Safe, Clean and
CHAS. BROWN & SON
8O7 Market St.. Near 4-th. S. F.
Housekeepers' Headquarters for
Crockery, Glassware and House Furnish-
ing Goods. Country Orders Solicited.
' ¦ ADVERTISEMENTS.
ICoIiifflMaGiapljop^l
I To every subscriber of The Bulletin is
I given for $1.25 a Columbia Graphophone and
I one record. In retail stores the Graphophone
sells for $7.50 and the record for 25c.
The machine is perfect in every detail and
. the records are loud and clear.
The amount you save in getting 1 the machine
on The Bulletin's plan is sufficient to pay
your subscription to The Bulletin for ten
» months.
New records can be had as desired. There
is a large selection of records to choose from,
including bands, orchestras, duets, solos, mon-
ologues, etc.
- The Bulletin is the best newspaper on the Pacific
Ccast
It prints in full, dispatches from every corner of the
globe, 14 hours ahead of the morning papers.
Special articles by Grant Wallace, Lowell Orns
Reese, Dorothy Dix and Roy McCardelL Society by
Mrae. La Bavarde.
Subscription price, including Sunday, 65c a month.
I Sunday Bulletin delivered. 5c a copjr — best Sunday
paper in San Francisco. Subscribe at once.
TEc Bulletin Business Office,
233 Kearny Street, S. F.
OO0©e0O000O©©0QOQ0Oe0OQQ©039000C00000O©000G<
I Tourist Sleepers
] Without Change
I To St. Louis
• September I, 2, 5, 6, 7, 8, (9, 20, 28, 29
| October 3,4, 5, 6, 19, 20, 26, 27
o Through the Sierra Nevadas, Salt Lake City and
% the famous scenery of Colorado by daylight.
o Standard Sleepers daily to St. Louis on the
• Rock. Island trains stop at ,the main entrance
5 to the World's Fair Grounds.
O BV" a W l f9BHf lciai Vttl
© Rates — Round Trip:
| ST. LOUIS, $67.50 CHICAGO, S72.50
S F° r further information call at or
| l^^iHlpf address Rock Island Office, 623
S MHi. Market Street, San Francisco.
S gp^pLlI C A. RUTHERFORD,
| «\ w^»» Dist. Pass'r Agent.
Qe99®9Od9OOeQ0GO8Q9OO*OOQOOOeOOO9OOOOOOOaA." I* Shipley reported to the police
last'nlght that he had been robbed of
$6 50 on Kearny street. He asserted
that he stooped to tie his shoelaces
when a man knocked him over. While
he was down another man went
through his pockets and took all he
hadl Shipley chased his assailants
for two blocks, but they escaped. He
Is employed by the Ransom Construc
toln Company In Oakland.
Robbed on Kearny Street.
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Dru«UU. 60c flask. Richard & Co*. 4M CUy.»
Fall hats, 1904, Just arrived, nobbier
than ever. Tom Dillon & Co.. opp.Palacc*
* {.
L. Bock, M. Sllverstein, J. M. Newbert,
P. Trelch, I. P. Nieto.
Reception committee — W. C. Spen
cer, J. J. Fulton, P. Hansen, George
Davis, J. Llcht, George Beban. Tl. Lin
denstadt, D. Stead man, T. B. Good
man, R. E. Hancock, W. A. Johnson,
G. J. Stokwitz, J. J. Shapero. J. C.
Day, J. "W. Leathers, . L. M. Rey, H.
Kruger, S. Lowe, J. P. Lynch, H. Van
Dlrken, J. Dennis, W. J. Cleary, W.H.
Lewis. . H. Jensen, P. McNamara, E.
Ciineo, J. Stein, W. A. McDowell, J.
Salanave, E. A. 'Watson.
Harry Fox was arrested last night
by Detective Thomas Coleman and his
name placed on the detinue book at
the City Prison. Fox is accused of
burglarizing the room of Harry Mc-
Kay at 960 Peralta street and stealing
J1B0 worth of goods.
Axrested I for Burglary.
Samuel "Wheeland. the well-known
liquor man, died yesterday morning at
1 o'clock In his home. 2994 Pine street.
He left his place of business Thursday
night apparently in good health, was
taken ill at 10 o'clock and expired
three hours later. "With S. M. Col
lins he has conducted the saloon at
329 Montgomery street for the last
ten vears and he was well known In
this city. He was 54 years of age and
leaves a wife, Mrs. Georgia L. Whee
land.
Victim of Apoplexy.
Mrs. W. Dennett of 89 Waller street
went out to pay a visit last Friday af
ternoon and during her absence a
burglar entered the dwelling and
stole a pair of gold cuff buttons and
some* silverware. Mrs. J. Lyons, who
lives next door, heard the man ran
sacking the house and later saw him
jump out of the window and get away.
Burglar Steals Silverware.
.• After having for four months tried
a plan for having engines haul freight
trains through from Philadelphia to
Pittsburg. the Pennsylvania has de
cided that the old way of changing
locomotives at each division was the
more economical, as far as the equip
ment was concerned.
Fred Coidoviola and John LInteo.
two 16-year-old Italian boys, were ar
rested last rf!ght by Policeman Lloyd
and charged with robbery. The two
are accused by John Parodi, a boy, of
2221 Mason street, of taking from him
the sum of f 6 50. The alleged- rob
bers returned the money and asserted
that they had taken It only in fun.
Boys Charged With Robbery.
Fat Polks — I reflucd my weight 70
fou&As. bust 6 laches, waist 8 lnche* aad hlpa
14. Inches In a »aort time by a cuaranteed
Lannlem remedy without exercls« or •tarvlcg I
¦will te!l you all about It. Inclose •t&mn. Ad.
crew MRS. E. G. RICHARDS.
226 East iClnth street.
Rlversldft, CaL
Floor committee — D. P. Casey, C.
Rasmussen, Charles Woodall, D, San
ders, Charles Philpott, D. Hunt. J. R.
Davis, Karl Fischer, P. Becker, J. B.
Flemming, F. H. Kerrigan, A. Cole
man, S. Banner, A. M. Beach, E. F.
Meyer, J. Foley, E. L. Schuchardt, F.
O. Mera, Joseph Gallagher, Morris
Levy. William Lee, William Jurgens,
M. Sancedo, J. Weinman, E. Mitchell.
The ball given last night in the Me
chanics' Pavilion by the Foresters of
America as a close of the celebration
of Foresters' day was a great success.
The attendance was in excess of 15,000
people, all the floor room being occu
pied besides the tiers of chairs on each
side of the immense dancing space.
When an effort to start the grand
march was made at 9:30 o'clock it
required the exertion of all the mem
bers of the floor and reception com
mittee, with the assistance of the
police, to clear the dancing space. At
a given signal the march was started.
Professor W. J. O'Brien and Mrs. John
J. Cordy, the wife of the grand secre
tary of the order, leading. In this
march at least twenty-five hundred
persons took part and more were will
ing to Join, but there was no room
for them. . It was a serpentine march,
which at the head of the hall was
changed Into a double column and
the effect was one seldom witnessed In
a ballroom. At the termination It was
leudly applauded by the many on
lookers and then the music by an or
chestra of thirty pieces changed from
march time to waltz, and there was a
whirling to the music of "Auf Wieder
sehn." The dance programme was
made up of twenty numbers.
Before the grand march there was
a promenade concert, when the fol
lowing numbers were rendered: -Se
lections from "Roly** Poly," "A Whis
pered .Thought", and "Prince of Pll
sen."
This affair, the greatest ever given
by this order, was under the direction
of the following named:
Officers of general committee — T. J.
Emery. William J. Boradori, J. Wood,
C. R. Heyden, Charles Cohn.
Executive committee— r B. R. Zlon,
J. Label, B. Grosslicht, J. J.; Bacon. E.
F. Grace, D. Cohan, E. C. Stock (hon
orary).
Promotion and finance committee—
E. C. Stock. J. Label, B. J. Joseph, W.
J. Donlon, J. Lievre.
Floor manager — Thomas J. Emery;
assistant floor managers — W. J. Bora
dori, Mrs. C. -Tucker, grand sub-chief
companion C. F. of A.
Twenty-Five Hundred Peo
ple Take Part in the Grand
March, Then Enjoy Dances
John Deveny, John Quinlan, John
P. Daly, Bernard Gorman, James Mc-
Lafferty, Patrick Hurley, Hugh Mc-
Laughlln, Andrew McCarron, Thomas
Slavin, Henry P. Welsh, .John J.
Regan, P. J. Tinney, P. O'JBrWnT Felix
Gorman. Secretary, B. Gorman, 253
Missouri street.
The fourteenth annual picnic of the
Tyrone, Fermanagh and Donegal Be
nevolent Society will be held at Shell
Mound Park Sunday, August 28. The
society has voted $500 for the affair
and arrangements are being made to
prepare a programme unusually en
tertaining. A full brass band under
the leadership of Stephen T. Tully has
been engaged and fancy and Gaelic
dancing, with step, reel and hornpipe,
will be conducted by McMahon, the
Irish fiddler. Races and games will
begin at 3 p. m.
The committee of arrangements Is
as follows:
Tyrone, Fermanagh and Donegal Be
nevolent Society Votes Money
for the Coming Picnic.
Harrison was once before a deserter.
Yesterday he was doing fatigue duty
under the cuard of Private Ramsay.
W"he"n the roll was called it was found
that both prisoner and guard had de
serted.
Corporal Brown, who was off duty
last night, recognized Harrison and
pointed him out to the police. The
oSteials are now looking for Ramsay.
Henry Harrison was arrested last
night by Policeman Stelzner on
Kearny street and booked at the City
Prison for desertion from the United
States army. Harrison was pointed
out to the policeman by Corporal E.
Brown. of the Twenty-eighth Infantry.
Henry Harrison and His Guard Es
cape From Army and One Is
Arrested.
FORESTERS'BALL
A BIG SUCCESS
SOLDIER TWICE DESERTS
AXD POLICE CATCH HOI
IRISH OCTIXG AT SHELL
MOUXD PARK NEXT SUNDAY
Fred Miller, a clerk In the Railway
Mall Service, pleaded that h» wan La
boring under mental aberration, super
induced by lack of sleep, when ha
grabbed Mrs. Mary Backini's satchel
from her hand as she stood in front of
the Italian Bank on Montgomery street
last Friday afternoon and accused her
of peddling lottery tickets. H* had
been doing double duty on tho Baal
Francisco-Los Angeles run, hs ex
plained, and he was so drowsy whral
he left the train that ho took two ox
three drinks to keep his eyes open and
his senses clear until he could reach
his home and go to bed. The liquor
had the desired optical effect, but in
stead of clarifying his Drain, it muddled
that Important organ until reason gavs
way to hallucination. When he seized
Mrs. Backini's purse he was sure It
contained lottery tickets and that It
was his duty as a good citizen to cap
ture it, and. if protest were made. Uk
prosecute its owner.
Police Corporal O'Meara, wtio ar*
rested Miller, testified that the defend
ant was given an excellent character
by his employers and that the story
of his illusion was evidently true, as
he made no effort to escape with the
satchel after he snatched it, but stood
there Informing Mrs. Backlni that she
ought to be ashamed of herself for sell
ing lottery tickets and breaking the
law. In view of this testimony the case
was dismissed.
• • •
Nelson, -'who never lost a fight nor a
prisoner.
When the humiliated "bad man"
stood before Judge Cabaniss yesterday
morning he looked so absolutely de
jected that his Honor continued the
case for one month and allowed him to
go on his own recognizance. "And If
you fail to appear here at the end of
the month," said the Judge. "I will not
be displeased If the explanation is sub
mitted that you have returned to th«
army, for really that is whera a man
of your truculent spirit ought to b«.
It's a shame to see such physical
strength and courage as yours going to
inglorious wast* on th« Barbary,
Coast."
A. I* Brokan, an ex-soldier, had
whipped every Barbary Coast bruiser
worth the whipping and was. yearning
for a foeman worthy of. his fists when
he fell afoul of two policemen last Fri
day night at Pacific and Kearny
streets. His conduct was disorderly
when they accosted him, and it became
more so when they remonstrated. Then
they undertook to arrest him, and with
a laugh of mingled derision, and sur
prise at their temerity— for surely they
knew of his prowess— he started to put
them out of commission. "When he.was
able to sit up and ask questions he as
certained that the bluecoat at whom he
aimed his first— and last— blow was
known as Jack Stelzner, heavy-weight
pugilist, ere he donned the blue,, and
that the other peace guardian was J.
• • •
About two years ago G. Mancinl,
editor of an Italian Journal, was con
victed of libeling a sensitive member of
the Latin colony, and Judge Cabaniss
fined him $200, with the alternative of
fifty days' imprisonment. The judg
ment was. appealed to the Superior
Court, where It hung flre until last Fri
day, when it was sustained. So the
defendant reappeared before his Honor
Judge Cabaniss yesterday, expressed
inability to pay the fine and was sent
to incarceration.
three consecutive days and nights high
wassail had been in progress. As the
result of his round-up eight men ac
cused of drunkenness in a public place
were arrayed before Judge Cabaniss.
They were in various stages of sartorial
dilapidation and most of them were in
evident need of tonsorial attention.
The spokesman for "the group was Ned
Skelly, once upon a time prominent in
minor Republican politics, and he
pleaded logically and with eloquence,
carefully avoiding discrimination in his
defensive effort. He argued that the
seven gentlemen arraigned with him
were no less entitled to the court's
merciful consideration than he was, de
spite the fact that he had not been
drunk for one year prior to the lapse
that led to his arrest He said that be
cause, without attempting to impugn
the intelligence or fairness of Patrol
man Reed, ¦ he believed there was no
valid reason for the raid. It was true
that a number of. corivlvlally inclined
gentlemen, the defendants. among them,
had assembled in the saloon and had
sung songs . and otherwise enjoyed
themselves, but he would like to enter
positive denial of the complainant's as
sertion that they disturbed the peace
of the neighborhood. That was all, and
he thanked the court for its attention.
"As you gentlemen have already
spent a night in prison," said the Judge,
"I now allow you to go hence to ' free
dom. If any of you should come back
here under similar accusation I will
send you hence to prison. Good-day,
Mr. Skelly."
"Take care of yourself," was Mr.
Skelly's cheery rejoinder as he led the
seven tatterdemalions corrldorward.
In their endeavor to confine China
town's disease germs within China
town's boundaries the city health pro
tecting authorities are balked to some
extent by the enterprise of certain
collectors of junk who cart away and
sell to dealers whatever substances of
value that have defied destruction by
fire. It was for thus conveying Celes
tial microbes from their habitat to the
district south of Market street that B.
Edelstein was arrested by Deputy
Health Inspector J. Bucklin and tried
before Police Judge Cabaniss, who dis
missed the case because there was no
law to warrant conviction.
Mr. Bucklin's description of the ar
rest and Its provoking causes was the
feature of the hearing. "I wouldn't
ha' pinched this fellow," he told the
Judge, "if he hadn't got so fresh. You
see, I knew there was no law to pre
vent the junkies from taking away
the lead and stuff that was left in the
ashes of the bonfires, but I ran a bluff
on them, just the same, and this guy,
Edelstein, was the only one of the
bunch that called me. I caught him
red-handed in the act and here he- is."
"You mean to say that you . caught
him dirty-handed, I supposed?" ven
tured the Judge. •
"If you'd rather have it that way
all right," acquiesced Mr. Bucklin.
"Well, this blokey is the only one that
gave me the guff. He took the stuff
away and sold it at Fifth and Har
rison streets."
"I am very sorry,", said the court,
"that there is no ordinance authoriz
ing me to punish this defendant for
his discourteous treatment of you, as
well as for his reckless imperiling of
the public health south of Market
street That district has grievances
enough to contend with and complain
of without having the list augmented
by the importation of Asiatic bacteria.
However, I hope that my inability to
punish the defendant will not discour
age the complaining witness nor deter
him from running his bluff whenever
or wherever he thinks it may promote
the cause of sanitation."
F. R. Collins, an architect's draughts
man, objected to the character of some
people to whom his mother rented a
flat at 1010% Hyde street and to such
extreme did he carry expression of his
displeasure that he was arrested and
charged with disturbing the peace on
complaint of his maternal relative.
"If he don't like the folk in the
house," inquired Mrs. Collins, baptized
Lillian, "why don't he move out of
it?"
Judge Cabanlss passed the query up
to the defendant, who took It under
consideration for a moment and then
agreed to adopt the suggestion. So
with that understanding the case was
dismissed.
Patrolman J. E. Reed raided a "wine
Joint" on Sacramento street, between
Montgomery and Kearny, wherein for
Junk Buyer Laughs at Health Inspector's Threat
and Takes Away Substances That Sanitary Fire
in the Chinese Quarter Failed to Incinerate
CARTS CELESTIAL GERMS
TO CAUCASIAN DISTRICT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 21, 1904.
B.F.Stoll, dentist; Haight & Masonic av>
Our coad printing works wonder*. Try nine.
Edward Knowlea Company, 24 Second »C *
34
. • EXPERT OPTICIAN.
A PRIESTJTEST1FIES
SET. FATHEB ATTGTJSTIN McOLOBT
ST. EOX1KACB CHURCH,
"» : _.-' 8an Francisco. CaL
It rives m« rrtich pleasure to recommend to
the public Mr. Georre Mayerle of 1071 Market
Btrwt, San Francisco, etrietly as a skillful and
expert optician. My sight began to fall In 1677
Just twenty-wen year* apo. and elnce that
time I have been vearins slashes. I consulted
a prominent ocul!*t In Chicago. Dr. Holmes- at
different times eince that I have had lenses
fitted on Jn St. Louis; Cleveland. Ohio- and
also tried the Fifth Ave. Optician. In Pltt«-
|>crg;. who claim to be among the be«t In their
n *. ! ? i h * COU!Ur y- l <Jo not hesltata to say
that I have met with better and more «atl«-
faetory results with George Mayerle than with
any cf the above named, who have much
Mfcber pretensions. Kespectfully
FATHER AUGUST1N McCLORT. O. P" M.
_ ¦ St. Boniface. Church. '
Galden Gate ave., near Jones.
GEOBQS KATEUirs
EYE WATER
A perfectly harmless anfl effective remedy
n.aJsos weak «-yes ttrong, diseased eyes well'
1 tests tired eyes.
Price 60<\ By mall C2c If your dnnrrlst
<1<-je«n't keep It. order It direct from Georre
I.Tayerle. 1071 Market street.' San Francisco
Oeorse Mayerle' s antiseptic eyerlass cleaners.'
2 tat 25c.
A Warning
TO TEE PUBLIC.
"When xrixhing to consult Georre
Ttayer>, the German Expert Optician,
3C71 Kartet street, reg-ardingr the con-
tf.itlon cf the eye*, avoid mistaking- the
place by looking for the name "Georg-e
Mayerle" on the window BEFORE EJT-
TEEIZTS.
. ADVERTISEMENTS.
\y^ Monday, August 21 >^ >>v vJ
We have received our new assortment of colorings in VE-
LOUR CHIFFON, the new weave, in all-silk velvet, for entire
dresses, in handsome shades of Brown, Navy, Gobelin, C^ AA
Mode, etc.; 21 inches wide, yard »p£«VV
¦V-- We have just received the first shipment of new BROAD-TAIL
EFFECTS, in fine SILK VELVET, in latest shades of Brown,
kavy, Mode and Green, also White; 19 inches wide; yard., tf J AA
Our assortment of NEW FANCY SILKS in designs especially
¦ adapted for swell silk walking suits is now complete and we are pre-
pared to show some very handsome effects in colorings of- Navy,
Reseda, Brown, Red and Gun Metal, in qualities ranging in price
from 75c to $1.25 a yard. We invite attention to the following spe-
cial values: "
NATTE LOUISINE, with hair line stripe of white, edged with very
fine line of black, in combinations of Brown and White, Blue
and White,' Blue and Green and Red and White; 20 <*| AA
inches wide; yard..... .; »pi*vv
COIN SPOT TAFFETA, with fine self-colored dots within the
larger dot, in Navy Blue, Navy and Green, Brown and Ci AA
White and Golden Brown; 20 inches wide; yard »pi«w\/
Dress Goods Department
ALL-WOOL CANVAS SUITINGS, in Blue and Green plaid and
checked effects, which are so popular for Shirt Waist, C\ f\t\
Tailor and Fancy Suits; 47 inches wide; yard »pi«V\/
SCOTCH PLAIDS, a new importation of heavy, »ll-wool Tartan
Plaids, representing 25 different Clans— will be rery popular
this fall for entire dresses; 43 inches wide; yard.... C*fl AA
*pl«vv
CHEVRON SUITING (genuine English), for the fall season, xgo4-
This is an all-wool, soft finished material in the new mixtures of
Brown and White, Green and White, Black and White and two
shades of Navy and White; 48 inches wide; yard C| nC
Black Goods Department
We have just recejved our complete line of Foreign and Do-
mestic cloths, which from present indications promises to be the
most popular fabric for the coming' season. We invite attention to
the following special values:
AMAZON CLOTH, extra quality; 50 inches wide; yard., tff AA
ENGLISH BROADCLOTH, extra value; 50 inches wide; CI Cf)
FRENCH BROADCLOTH, extra heavy; 50 inches wide; tf^ AA
pip ii| Ha-^gbSS!
gill Ml to 121 Post Street
• AIARKSBROS. U~i.
if— ¦ / ' y
f! Including Dry Goods, Lace Curtains, Muslins, Bed Spreads, Towel-
; ; ing, Blankets, Quilts, Comforters and everything in the line of
[¦: Children's and Women's Ready-to- Wear Goods at* :: :: ::
* j /. Flatow, formerly in business on Sixth Street, lately opened
p a new store on Market Street with the above named stock.
j J An opportunity presented itself to Mr. Flatow that required his
[; entire attention and he decided to dispose of his entire stock in
j Were the Lucky Buyers and Will Place
I This Entire Stock on Sale, Commencing
I \ To-Morrow Morning at 9 OXlock
I Most of this stock is entirely out of our line, but sold to us
\ at so low a price that we could not resist the temptation to buy
and we now offer to the people of San Francisco the most remark'
i able bargains it has ever been our pleasure to present.
I We are intensely elated over this purchase. It gives us a
decided advantage and will successfully advertise this store
8 throuahout San Francisco and wcimty.
The Dry Goods, Blankets, Sheeting and Table Linen part of
I this sale will be found on our bargain tables that extend from Mar- I
I ket street entrance to Golden Gate avenue.
The balance of Flatow' s stock such as Wrappers, Waists,
Hosiery, Knit Underwear, Corsets, Muslin Under Garments, Chil-
dren's White and Colored Dresses, Veilings, Notions, etc., will be
z displayed on bargain tables in their regular departments. Re-
member this entire stock is marked to sell at
e50c ON THE DOLLAR
H M^V»1rC Rt*^£ The Home of Honest, Values
' | JLvMsiL £&%$ JJP1 Vtfl 1220-1234 Market. Street,
_^ rrrnnrn _^. ADyTGRTI_SEMEyTS« --- ..
Jk% \tm ) Your last opportunity and the biggest suit bargain of
II^AqpK the year. Not one of the Suits offered sold for less than
liflli* anc * we ' ve cut e p r * ce to k ss *k an a^ to c^ ose
|||| IP? them out quickly. Some of them have close-fitting jacket,
/HI I\V some have the Eton. There is a good choice in mate-
A W 1 X \ 1^ r * a ' s ' a^ *^ e popular cloths are represented.
yWwl \ \ vlii^K m * nu * e description is impossible. We can only
< <f0jl { v^? ur £ e y° u > # y° u neec * a suit > to come fill *£O
and see these at ------- S>* 1 • J V
Early momiqjr is the best shopping time. Take our advice — come then.
New Long "SNAP PURCHASE" WAIST SALE
v% Ifliniioi^f'i'O sna P Purchase of 300 dozen White Lawn Waists. We had a
P idllfllvJiiV'tLE'XM' chance to buy the entire stock of a New York Manufacturer and ac-
w » a ' d* fl (?/\ ce P tC( l it f° r three reasons:
BlT 1W* /^!\ /"I C tB 8 w)l} 1st— Because the styles arc new. None of the patterns have been
lYlljU&JllUa* 1 • shown in the city before.
New Flannelette Kimonas-the we the quality of materials and workmanship is all that
l^aU^ 3d-Because the price puts us in a position to offer them to
blue and Jed A band of Persian you at Iess than the cost of manufacture.
blue and red. A band ot Persian Th<> nxnnber of ltylei „ so varled &0taam are unpciwe, but here «re the
trimming runs down the entire front. exact price reduction*:
SSw?ii J Sil JrS y ° U and tbC S 1 ' 00 and ? I - 2 5 Waists will sell for $ 75
* $*SJ£ $1.50 and $1.75 Waists will sell for $ .98
Si 1 nfclB $2.00 and $2.25 Waists will sell for $1-25
49 £ »)%S W $2.50 Waists will sell for. $1.50
: — — — $3.00 and $3.50 Waists will sell for $1 .75
NGW Novelties in Besides the lot of 300 dozen, we will reduce all waists in stock to the same
Collars, 39c Covert Coats, $5.95 .£tt
-..aw^jlyfc Just a few left of those we offered last week — the \J? Jf
ft^^JliSjgSfk lot the manufacturer duplicated. They sold splen- J^^^^
**^$&P^|j didly — wonderfully, in fact. As we told d^^ffif?\
ou t) c^ orCi they are worth twice the sale price. (| SM 3 F \
IT They are made of good Covert in the fitted style, \ ill 1 1/ U
> vitl1 strapped seams, rich effect and extremely styl- \\\M fa \
,_tf?^jj!g23"' ish. There are only a few left, so come early to be \ fc\y\ V',M"||i
f^Wffi&Z&C surc of S ettin 5 >' our s ' ze - Remember you pay only \» SwvV^f ijv
signs and plenty of them. Always W^T |/J % A \ *'0
.-sold- at '$1.00, $1.25 and $1:50.- Special ' m^r J fs Jfjf&^J-f^/u V7^^^^fi
O^IrC \ ¦¦¦.'.;¦ ;?• .fpr. : .---- /MVrVV^6£<&V7^^.-•' New mixture - and plain colon on gala at
$2.' $2 50 and $3— worth $3. %\ and $3. Golden
G&to Cloak House. 1230-133 1 Market at. •
Greaf Skirt Specials.
Card and Loose Leaf Systems.
$2 buys a Card Index Drawer, 500 rec
ord cards, alphabetical Index and 23 rulde
cards. * Twinloclc and Moorehouse Loose
Leaf Ledgers and price books; complete
office outfits.' Including printing and
bookbinding:. Stationery Department,
Sanborn, Vail & Co.. 741 Market st. •
Just when the undertaker gets ready
to 'give a man the earth b* doesn't
want it*.
Japanese Held Up and Robbed.
SAN JOSE." Aug. 20.— A" Japanese who
resides In thlscity was held ; up , by
three : men ' last : night ; while returning
from Campbell and robbed of Southern
Pacific Railroad checks for^SO and $30
in cash. ' He . thinks ! they were tramps.
ONE THOUSAND CRATES
OF FRUIT DESTROYED
Shipment of Peaches Prom California
Is Refused a Landing - at
Honolulu. ;
HONOLULU, Aug. 6. — Under the
direction of the Territorial Board of
Agriculture ,and Forestry about a
thousand crates . of California fruit
which arrived here . on the Sonoma
were refused a landing and were de
stroyed, as it was found that they
were Infected with an injurious worm.
Many. California peaches . are . being
kept out on thte account. The ; board
also keeps out Sam oan limes and a
careful guard 1b being maintained on
all shipments of fruits or plants, as It
is known that . some injurious] diseases
have been brought here by such ship
ments in the past.
The conferences heretofore held be
tween the Stablemen's and Hackmen's
unions with the Carriage Owners' and
Stablemen's Association having failed
to arrive at a satisfactory settlement
of their troubles, the proprietors have
at last solicited the good offices of
Mayor Schmitz with the object of
bringing about an adjustment of the
differences.
'An Informal, meeting of the stable
proprietors with the Mayor has al
ready been held with a view to reach
ing an asreement between themselves
and the men with whom thy are at
outs over union rules. Another meet-
Ing haa been arranged for. next Tues
day, when both sides will be present
to lay their grievances before the
Mayor as an arbitrator.
All parties are anxious to have the
issue settled that peace and harmony
may prevail.
Hackmen's Strike 3Iay Bo Settled.
Thief Invades the California Build
ins at the St. Louis
Exposition.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 20.— World's Fair
Commissioner. Filcher of California to
day reported to the police that some
body had stolen from the California
building his gold watch and chain, val
ued, at $300. The outside of the watch
case bore the following Inscription:
"J. A. Filcher, Past Grand Sachem,
Imp. O. R. M., from A. Andrews, Great
Junior Sagamore. July, 1882."
The inner case bore this inscription:
"Baldwin, San Francisco, No. 13."
Inside the outer case was a group
picture of Filcher's wife, daughter and
two sons. Attached to the chain as a
charm was a three-dollar gold piece.
Filcher told Chief of Detectives Des
mond he would gladly pay a reward for
the return of the stolen property and
ask no questions.
COMMISSIONER FILCHER
$.?&. ROBBED OF HJte WATCH
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 20. — The Central
Y. M. C. A. championship track and
field events were won to-day by Chi
cago at the Stadium by a score of
45 points. Los Angeles came second
with 33 points and Louisville third with
16 points. Considerable interest was
taken In the one-mile relay race, which
Los Angeles won from Chicago, after
the Chicago men- had held the lead for
three-quarters of the distance.
In "the SSO-yard run W. A. Brown of
Cincinnati established a new Y. M. C.
A. record by running % the distance in
2:04 1-5. The previous record was
2:07 3-5. C. T. Parsons equaled the
record for 100 yards, which is 10 ssc
onds fiat. Summary:
120 yards, high hurdle — Won by L. C.
Bailey, Chicago; J. Hagennsn, Los
Angeles, second. Time. 16 3-5.
100-yard run —"Won by C. T. Par
sons, Los Angeles; D. J. Cantwell,
Louisville, second. .Time, 10 seconds.
Putting 16-pound shot— Won by A. B.
Gunn, Buffalo; D. B. Cromwell. Los
Angele3,. second. Distance, 40 feet 7
Inches.
440-yard run — Won by H. C. Dane,
Los Angeles; L. H. Powell, Chicago,
second. Time, t>2 4-5.
Throwing 16-pound hammer — Won by
: A. A. Johnston, St. Louis; D. B.
Cromwell. Los Angeles, second. Dis
tance, 168 feet 7 Inches.
220-yard run — Won by D. J. Cant
well, Louisville: C. F. Parsons,' second.
Time. 22 seconds. .
Running high . jump — Won by J. J.
Schummer, Chicago; D. B. Cromwell.
Los Angeles, second. Height, 5 feet 8
inches. ¦
Running broad jump— Won by W. B.
Hunter, Louisville; J. P. Hagerman,
Los Angeles, second.' Distance, 21 feet
7 inches. '
One-mile relay— Won by Los Angeles,
Chic.igo second. .
Chicago Track Team Wins Y. M. C. A.
Championship, With Los An
geles in Second Place.
CALIFORNIA BOY SPRINTS
FAST 100 YARDS AT FAIR
Wednesday, Governor Pardee will be
conducted to General MacArthur's
quarters, where the troops will pass
in review before • the chief executive
of the State.
T. . H. Goodman, general passenger
agent of the Southern Pacific Rail
read, accompanied by members of his
family, paid a short visit to the camp
to-daj- and then went in his auto to
Santa Margarita.
In the departure of Lieutenant Wil
liam T. Patten, who' has been in
charge of the bureau of information
here, the cam*? loses one of its most
valued officers. He has been of "untold
assistance to each new arrival at the
post, and his services have been inval
uable. He leaves here to Join his new
post at Fort Leavenworth.
out and, alter a long, tiresome march
of eight miles, during which they were
permitted to atop frequently, to refresh
themselves under the shade of friendly
.spreading; oaks, they arrived at their
objective ' point and succeeded In dis
lodging the enemy. General MacAr
thur directed the entire movements of
his two brigades of 4000 troops entirely
by the signal corps system of telephone
* and telegraph. Chief Squier had full
charge of the arrangements and prep
a/aticms.
.„ The work to-day was under the di-
TAKE FREQUENT RESTS.
Promptly at 8 a. m. the Blues started
CAMP ATASCADERO. Aug. 20.—
Prom a technical, practical and mili
tary standpoint the pioblem of to-day
represented the principal feature of
these maneuvers. There was nothing
of a spectacular nature and the heat
greatly reduced the ardor of the troops
takine part in the actual march. The
problem as evolved ar.d conducted by
General MacArthur was, however,
nevertheless eminently successful and
demonstrated the feasibility and utility
of the Sig-nal Service Corps in keeping
the commanding: officer advi?ed pi the
•whereabouts ot his command. During
the entire maneuver, which lasted from
S a. m. until 4 p. m.. General Mac-
Arthur remained at his temporary divi
sion headquarters and from his desk in
his automobile directed the movements
of his troops. He was in direct com
munication, with them at all times.
This Signal Corps service was large
ly experimental, as Major George O.
Scfnler. chief, of the Signal Corps, has
introduced many new inventions,
among them Captain Carl F. Hart
mtun's new wire wagon. General Mac-
Arthur expressed himself as greatly
pleased with the workings of the corps.
. The problem consisted of a Blue divi-
Eion in two columns advancing . from
Paso Roblea toward Santa Barbara.
On the way they camped at Garcia's,
and General MacArthur. here learning
that the Drown force was near Obser
•va.tory III 11. determined to send out his
scouts at daybreak and ascertain their
exact position.
The information furnished by the
scouts caused him to Bend out his divi
sion In two columns to try and crush
the Crowns at once His division ac
cordingly advanced over parallel roads
.to Observatory Hill, where the enemy
was Intrenched.
The enemy, or Brown force, was rep
r.*ented by Troop M. Ninth United
States Cavalry, and cavalry troops A,
B, C and D of the National Guard. The
Kin's were represented by all the
other organizations In camp here.
Major C. E. Haven, Fifth Infantry,
X. G. C, came within an ace of being
buried beneath the ruins of his tent
this morning Just prior to his start
ing out on the maneuvers. His sad
dle horse was tied to the upright that
holds the tent up. The Major wa3 en
deavoring to put come ointment on
the beast's nose, when the animal sud
denly jumped. back, smashing the up
right and ridge pole and . bringing: the
tent down with a crash. • The major
made a leap out of- the , falling mass
and escaped without Injury.
The event, of -the encampment, so
far ao the public, is concerned," will '.be
the review \ and £ parade - of ; all the
troops' in' the camp- at Asuncion to
morrow at " 8 o'clock. General Mac-
Arthur will ¦ be accompanied by hia
entire staff during these Interesting
ceremonies.
On his •• arrival • in ¦ camp . here on
MAJOR HAVEN LUCKY.
rectlon of the following officers:
The First Brigade was in charge of
Captain Carl F. Hartmann, U. S.
Army, assisted by Captain Emmet. R.
Jones and Lieutenant Horace E. Sa
blne, of the National Guard; the ad
vance construction party was in charge
of Sergeant Campbell, Company C,
Signal Corps, U. S. A. . -.iv
The Second Brigade was in charge of
Captain William W. Lc-vett, National
Guard, assisted by Lieutenant W. A.
Kent, U. S. A., with Lieutenant
Colonel C. L. Hewes, National Guard,
acting c% inspector. Sergeant Stotze
had charge of the advance construction
party.
The final orders were issued by Gen
eral MacArthur from his original divi
sion headquarters over the wires of the
Signal Corps. It was a distance of
eight miles to Colonel Markley, com
mander of the First Brigade, and five
miles to Colonel Ward of the Second
Brigade.
Shortly after 4 o'clock the troops re
turned to the camp, dusty and tired,
but elated over the successful issues of
the day. 1 -.'V .-•:;;
This has been the warmest day here
since the troops have been in camp, the
mercury standing at 105 In the shade.
The Fifth Infantry. National Guard.
Colonel J. F. Hayes, was highly com
plimented to-day by one of the chief
umpires for Its tenacity in holding out
in almost Its entirety to the end of the
long fatiguing march.
Company G started out with twen
ty-eight men and returned to camp
with twelve men. The dropping out
was entirely due to the heat and the
desire of the men to preclude pros
tration In the march by returning to
camp before they had to be carried
there.
BY FRED M. GILMORE, STAFF CORRESPONDENT QF THE CALL.
by Charles K. Field, music by Joseph
D. Redding, 1903. "Montezuma," words
by Louis A. Robertson, music by Dr.
H. J. Stewart; and "The Hamadryads,"
produced last night. The recital will be
Riven in- one of the local theaters,
probably on September 1. The. music
of each jinks will be rendered under
the direction of the composer and Rich
ard Hotaling will give a synopsis of
the lines of each play. Mr. Redding
has been made chairman of a commit
tee appointed to manage the affair.
The concert to-morrow morning will
be under the direction of Joseph D.
Redding.
The principal participants in the
jinks were H.. McD. Spencer, Willard
.Barton, J. C. Wilson, R. M. Hotallng,
Charlea K. Field, H. A. Melvin, J. Wil
son Shlels, C.K. Boriestell, C.«S. Aiken,
H. J. Maglnnity. W. H. Smith Jr.. T.
V. Bakewell, F. P. Deerins, \V. B. Hop
kins, R. P. Jennings, A. R.Hardin, It;
H. Cool, Noble Eaton, E. S. Simpson
and Gordon Ross. " A chorus of forty
voices and ah orchestra of fifty Instru
ments rendered the music under the
direction of the composer.- •
It- has- been decided to give In the
city an orchestral' recital of selections
f rom '- the midsummer Jinks of the last
three "years, the' music for which was
composed by members of the" club.
These ; were : In" 1902, "The .Man in the
Forest, a Legend of the Tribe," words
GUERNEVILLE, Aug. 20. — The
feathered owls of Bohemian Grove
hooted to-night at the nimble wit of a
flock of talking and singing city owls,
who annually gather on the banks of
the Russian River and for a season,
brief but joyous, forget the troubles
and worries of the work-a-day' world.
The bird owls hooted because they were
owls and not because of any lack in
the quality of. the Jests and quips that
temporarily upset the domestic peace
of the aristocratic branch of the Strig:
idae family. The city owls quipped and
jested because it v.as the season of the
midsummer jinks, the night set apart
for the cremation of care.
The Bohemian Club's midsummer
jinks of 1904 passed into history to
night and-the celebration was one that
will entttfe* tf rt . to an honored place in
the historic annals of one of the world's
most interesting clubs.
Will Trwin, whose wrote the high
jinks play, "The Hamadryads, a Masque
of Apollo," Is in New York and the pro
duction was sired by Dr. J. Wilson
Shlels, chairman of the jinks commit
tee. The music was composed by W.
J. McCoy and the play was prepared
for presentation by Porter Garnett,
who also designed the costumes. The
betting of the stage was in the artistic
care of George E. Lyon.
The Hamadryads, spirits of the
grove, so the play tells, are liberated
from their trees and from the dominion
of care to celebrate the return of
Apollo.
Care, was cremated with / becoming
solemnity. This burning of trouble Is
the traditional ceremony of the club
and it waa especially elaborate this
year. _Uncle George Bromley, Bohe
mia's high priest, performed the rites
and. John McNaught . delivered the
luneral oration. .
Supper followed the cremation and at
midnight came the low jinks, "The In
imitable Itinerants," .written and sired
by Ernest S. , Simpson. The music for
the owl songs was composed by Dr. H.
J. Stewart. The other melody was bor
rowed from the latest musical com
edies. Paul SteindornT was director.
•While Shade Is at a Premium the Blues and Browns Tramp Over Hills and
Dales and Conclusively Show Uncle Sam's Signal Corps Service
Is Not Far From Being Perfect and Hard to Beat.
With Quip and Jest the Midsummer Jinks of the Fa
mous Club Are Gayly Celebrated on the
Banks of the Russian River.
VimvP AT ATA6CADERO TAKEN WHILE THE BLUES AND BROWNS WERE TESTING THE RELIABILITY OP THE SYS
TKM nr 5a<;NALIN<; USED UY UNCLE SAMS SIGNAL CORPS AND DOING THEIR BEST TO ESCAPE DETECTION BY
THE VIGILANT COMMANDERS OF TROOPS.
SCENE OP THE MIDSUMMER JIN'KS ON THE BANKS OF THE RUSSIAN
RIVER. WHERE THE MEMBERS Or THE WORLD-FAMOUS LOCAI* OR
GANIZATION LAST NIGHT CREMATED CARE WITH GLEEFUL CEREMONY.
EL PASO, Tex.. Aug. 20. — Seven lives
at least were lost In the flood that
swept through the town of Globe, Ariz.,
and surrounding country yesterday.
The known dead are: M. N. Mitchell,
a. Southern Pacific machinist, and hia
wife; O. D. Wilson, clerk; Charles Sims,
John Epley, Mrs. Hurd and Miss
Moody.
According to the report of the courier
who brousht the news of the disaster
to Bowie, others were drowned besides
those named in the foregoing list, but
their names are not yet known.
The Gila Valley, Globe and Northern
Railroad tracks were washed out for a
distance of three quarters of a mile.
Telegraphic communication with Globe
Is Interrupted, and It has been Impossi
ble as yet to learn full details of the
disaster.
Twenty houses In Globe alone were
washed away. O. D. Wilson and Stan
ley Mentzer by heroic work saved many
lives. Wilson saved a youn^ voman
whom he was to marry, and Is reported
to have then lost his life In trying to
save another.
The property loss will probably reach
$500,000. Large forces of men are at
work reconstructing the railroad and
the telegraph line.
KINGMAN. A. T.. Aug. 20.— A report
by messenger from Eldorado Canyon.
Nevada, an old mining camp, scventy
flve miles northwest of here, states
that one of the most devastating cloud
bursts In years fell over that place the
afternoon of the ISth. The storm broke
on the mountains west of town and In
Ies3 than ten minutes a river of water
thirty feet deep was rushing down
Nine Mile Canyon. A party of men
with teams and wagons had just ar
rived :n camp and were unhitching
their teams when the deluge came.
They saved but one horse out of their
three teams, the animals and wagons
being washed Into the Colorado River.
The flood swept away the pump house,
blacksmith shop, small mill buildings,
ore wagons, 600 cords of wood, mine
timbers belonging to the Southwestern
Mining Company, tailing pits and
everything in Its path. Huge boulders
were carried Into the Colorado River.
Globe's Known Dead Num
ber Seven and Others Lose
Their Lives in the Torrent
MINT VICTIMS
OF THE FLOOD
"You men are not wanted in this
camp. You are not going to be allowed
to live here. You do not seem to be
happy unless you can stir up trouble.
We have had trouble enough. You are
going on and you are not coming back.
If you do there .will be either a bullet
or a rope for every one of you. Now,
go and keep going."
Up to this time there had been no
abuse, but as the men started down
the road a yell went up and the crowd
indulged in threats and jeers.
J. W. Higglns suddenly wheeled upon
the crowd and drew a revolver. He
was promptly struck on the head with
a revolver by one of the crowd and his
own revolver was taken from him and
thrown away. His head was cut and
the wound bled profusely, but he
walked on with the others.
Returning to the city, a part of the
crowd made an attack upon the union
store. Officers at first repulsed the at
tack, but they were overpowered and
about twenty men entered and com
pletely wrecked the stock. The stock
cost about $3000.
To-day's outbreak appears to have
been planned by the miners and inde
pendent of the Citizens' Alliance. No
attempt was made to wreck the union
store.
John W. Hall came to Cripple Creek
two weeks ago from Butte, Mont., rep
resenting the ' Inter-State Mercantile
Company, which' purchased the union
stores here and at Victor from the
Western Federation of Miners.
The store was closed a week ago and
the first'action against it was an order
issued by the Citizens' Alliance forbid
ding the newspapers from advertising
the store and also forbidding miners
to patronize It. The Inter-State is a
Montana concern and was organized so,
as to bring any, interference with the
stores into the Federal court. . .
These men were corralled at various
points in Cripple Creek, beginning at
5 o'clock, and" at 6;30 o'clock, when all
had" been herded together, they were
started over the hills west of town and
marched toward Floissant under a
heavy armed zuard.
Just as the miners were going on
shift at 6 o'clock they were stopped and
formed into a crowd which marched
through the streets, gathering known
union men and sympathizers together
practically as prisoners.
The first to be taken was Engly.
Next the crowd picked up Cole and
Hangs, attorneys for the Western Fed
eration of Miners. It then marched to
the union store and took John W. Hall,
the manager, from the place. The
crowd then gathered in front of the
Courthouse and v?aited there for other
union men to be apprehended.
The expressed design of the mob was
to hold the union men together and
march them over the hills and out of
the district. The claim was made that
a conspiracy had been discovered to
commit violence and that the prompt
deportation of union men would pre
vent further bloodshed.
Under a guard of 2000 men the pris
oners were escorted to a point on the
old Canyon City stage road three
miles from the | city. The spokesman
stepped forward and said:
CRIPPLE CREEK, Colo., Aug. 20.—
Intense excitement prevails in Cripple
Creek. A mob is In control of the town
and wholesale deportations were begun
this evening. Prominent men not in
entire sympathy with the citizens'
movement have been run out of the
district. Armed men on horseback are
now making a round-up of the district
Among those deported are: Former
Attorney General Eugene E. Engly,
Frank J. Hangs, attorney for the West
ern Federation of Miners; J. W. Hig
gins, former president of. the Cripple
Creek Carpenters' Union and Republi
can candidate for Alderman in the
Fourth Ward in the last city election;
H. M. N. Heimerdinger, one of the
principal owners of the Interstate Mer
cantile Company of Butte, Mont.; J.
W. Hall, heavy stockholder in the In
terstate Mercantile Company of Butte,
Mont.; J. C. Cole, former Deputy Dis
trict Attorney for Teller County; M.
J. O'Nell, Deputy County Clerk; T. P.
Parfel, former manager of the Union
store: Albert Pierce, for ten years a
prominent v res|de.n,U_," Frank .-„ Aikman,.
employed by^ tire- Interstate Mercantile
Company. • '$!c%<? >•>". '" : "' — •<-¦¦. >•
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Make Prisoners of a Score and Escort
Them Beyond Limits of
the Camp.
Miners Take to Themselves
Task ol Exiling Union
Sympathizers.
Prominent Men Run
Out of Cripple
COLORADO
TOWN HELD
BY A MOB
MILITIAMEN AND REGULARS
SHOW COURAGE OF VETERANS
Pages 35 to 48
Pages 35 to 48
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, AUGUST. 21, 1901.
BOHEMIANS CREM ATE CARE
WITH CEREMONIOUS REVELRYPORTLAND, Aug. 20.— The races to
day resulted as follows:
First race, four furlongs, selling—
Algaretta won, Amasa Becond, Young
Pepper third. Time, 1:02%.
Second race, five furlongs, 1 selling —
Step Around won, Max Tress second,
Roebud third— Time, 1:02.
Third race, seven furlongs, selling —
Capable • won, Homage second, M. L.
Rothchlld third. . Time, 1:28%.
Fourth race, Irvlngton handicap, at
a mile and a quarter, $800 to the win
ner, three-year-olds and upward —
Illilouon, 108, even and 4 to 5, won; 1
Forest King, 111, 3 to 1, second; Colonel
Anderson, 109, 3 to 1, third. Time, 2:08.
The Chub and Gateway also ran.
Fifth race, seven furlongs, selling —
Densit won. Lord Elberd second. Cath
ello third. Time, 1:28.
Sixth race, one mile, selling— St. Phil-
Hpplna won, Past Master second, Gold
finder third. Time,; 1:42^.
• The hew Lord, Mayor, of London,
Sir James Thomas Ritchie, is a broth
er, of the. Right Hon. Charles Thomas
Ritchie; who has Just resigned the
Chancellorship of the Exchequer. He
is' the elder of the brothers. „ ¦-
The Consolidated Raisin Company
was created yesterday. This la a com
bination of five firms that control a
large part of the State's raisin output.
"The association is by no means a
trust," said Abe Rosenberg of Rosen
berg Bros. & Co., one of the firms In
terested. "It is formed simply to econ
omize in the marketing of this prod
uct." ' . ,
The firms in the agreement are
Grlffln. Skelly & Co., J. K. Armsby &
Co., Phoenix Raisin Shipping and
Packing Company, Guggenheim & Co.
and Rosenberg Bros. & Co.
Articles of incorporation were filed
by the concern yesterday. The Con
solidated Raisin Company fixes a cap
ital stock of 11,000,000, of which- $250
is subscribed. Following are the.di
rectors^ A. Gardenlaub, "W. M. Grif
fin,^ "Warren Gregory, Abe Rosenberg
and' D. J. Guggenheim.
uct Unite and File Articles of
. Incorporation.
Five Companies That Ship the Prod-
RAISIN PACKING FIRMS
FORM A NEW COMBINE
A. A. McVlcar's easy defeat of J.
Stott Was a surprise. These players
were thought to be evenly matched,
but McVicar won as he pleased. The
score was 21 to 10.
The pleasant weather brought out a
large crowd and many practice games
were bowled. W. Thompson and J.
Laing, the Oakland champions, were
beaten handily by R. Park and Dr.
Gunn. The scores follow:
R. Park and Dr. Gunn beat W.
Thompson and J. Laing,. 21 to 12;
James Gray and J. C. Moffatt beat
Laing and Thompson, 21 to 18: G. C
Patterson and JW. Watson beat 'Moffatt
and A. McDonald, 21 to 4; Patterson
tied Joseph Gray, 15 to 21 and 21 to
15;- J. McLachan and J. Duncan beat
Patterson and the Rev. W. Fisher, 21
to 10: James Grayvand.H. L. Tickner
beat Moffatt and J.-Mearns. 21 to 8;
Tickner and C.E. Trezona beat Y. C.
Lawson and Captain Jackson, 21 to
17; Mearns beat M. L. Crowe, 21 to
17.'
Three tournament matches -were
played yesterday by the Scottish bowl
ers at Golden Gate Park. The con
testants were not evenly matched and
the scores were one-sided. T. Mc-
Naught did some remarkable bowling
when he beat D. O'Brien 21 to 2. The
loser is considered a cood bowler, but
was able to score on two ends only.
. jT. C. Moffatt and J. P. Taylor played
the closest of the tournament games,
the score In Moffatt's favor being 21
to 11.
T. McNaught Plays a Remarkable
Game, Defeating D. O'Brien,
21-2, on the Park Green.
SCOTTISH BOWLERS COMPETE
IN TOURNAMENT MATCHES
L SANTA BARBARA, Aug. 20.— The
polo experts of Riverside went down to
defeat this afternoon at the hands of
the Burlingame four by a score of 9
goals to 1. The score is a fair indication
of the polo played, the southerners be
ing outclassed in team work and seem
ingly unable to check the steady play
and brilliant rushes of the northern
men. Time and again by good individ
ual work Riverside would . get the ball
straightened out for a run toward goal,
but invariably the hitter was ridden off
and there was no one following to car
ry along the ball. On the other hand,
the Burlingame men backed up one an
other well and did not get badly
bunched at any period of the game.
Riverside's single score, which came
toward the last of the game, , was the
best of the team play and was as fairly
earned as any one ever made on the
polo field. Praed and Joe Tobln came
together , in the second period at the
Riverside's goal line when Burlingame
had scored. Praed's pony staggered and
rolled over in the dust. He was unhurt.
Dick Tobin played a rattling good num
ber three and hit accurately and hard.
He scored six of the nine goals credited
to his side. Tom Driscoll was responsi
ble for the other three. ' The teams
lined up to-day as follows: Burlingame
— F. J. Carolan, T. A. Driscoll, R. M.
Tobin and J. O. Tobin.. Riverside— E.
Lee, M. Redmayne, F. X. Hudson and
H. Praed. ,^<- :
Dick Tobln Performs In Great Style,
Scoring Six qf the Victors'
Goals.
BURIJNGAME POLO PLAYERS
OUTPOINT RIV'ERSIDE TEAM
Total 82
"JAMIESON RAIDERS."
C. Banner, c. Thomas, b. Podmore 1
Henry Ward. b. Brock 0
J. Stewart, b. Brock 4
A W Wilding, not out 15
K H. Wilkes, c. Digby, b. Brock 2
R. M. Jamieson, c. Hall, b. Podmore O
— Lowe. 1. b. w., b. Podmore O
H. O. Watson, c. Holland, b. Podmore 0
D. B. Jamieson, b. Brock 0
J. Carter, 1. b. w., b. Podmor* 1
W. Swan, st. McArthur, b. Brock 1
Extras 7
Total .. • 31
British Sailor Lads Defeat an Eleven
Captained by Jamieson of Pacific
Club on Adams Ground.
The eleven of British sailors,' selected and
captained by Rev. S. H. Wlngfleld-DIgby.
chaplain of the Seamen's Institute, San Fran
cisco, won im easy victory on the grounds at
Oak street, Oakland, yesterday over the team
picked by D. Jamieson of the Pacific Cricket
Club. For the Seamen's Institute the prin
cipal scorers were McArthur (21), Holland (ltt)
and L. Thompson (13. not out). E. H. Wilkes
of the Pacific Cricket Club, took six wickets.
For the •¦Jamieson Raiders" A. W. Wilding
of the Pacifies <15. not out) was the only
batsman who made double figures. The lp
nings totaled 81; leaving: the Seamen's In
stitute winners by 51 runs. Podraore and
Brock bowled throughout the innings of the
."Raiders," each taking five wickets. The de
tails follow: '
(• SEAMEN'S INSTITUTE.
W. D. McArthur. b. Ward 21'
W. J. Holland, b. Stewart 16
J Hall, c Stewart, b. . Wilkes 2
Rev. S. H. W. Dlgby. b. Wilkes 7
W. R. Podmore. b. Stewart 0
A. W. Brock, b. Wilkes 2
L. Thompson, not out 13
W E. Thomas, b. Wilkes 5
W. HacGowan. b. Wilkes 0
W. Edwards, st. Wilding, b. Stewart 4
W. Watson b. Stewart 1
A. Todd, c. Watson, b. Wilkes 0
Kxtras 11
SEAMEN'S INSTITUTE TEAM
WINS THE CRICKET MATCH
Seven rounds of fast boxing consti
tuted the major .-portion of Jack Mun
roe's work yesterday afternoon. As
the day was a delightful one, the train
ing quarters were fairly besieged with
anxious ones who wanted to see the
miner at work. When the gym was
filled a big crowd, had to be turned
away.
The miner went two rounds each
with McCoy, Chester and Sullivan and
one with Andy Gallagher. As usual,
the Kid played foxy with the big
fellow and tried to work him up fast.
In this he was successful, for Jack was
willing to so the pace, and he landed
some good stiff jolts on the shifty Kid.
He also went after Chester at a fast
gait, landing a few hooks that made
the latter wince.
Sullivan roughed it to a great ex
tent and this seemed to suit the miner
to a dot, for he just bored in and made
the crowd cheer when he got his man
in a corner and began to put the hard
ones home. The one round with Andy
Gallagher was fast and had lots of
fight in it. At one time he rushed
Andy into a corner, where McCoy
caught his hands. Munroe did not see
this and was about to send in a few
deadly swings when Andy asked for
protection and an even break.
The picture crew Invaded the camp
yesterday and made a number of
photos for the biograph. The miner
posed with his sparring partners,
punching the bag and running and
jumping on the road. He will rest
to-day with the exception of a ten
mile joe on the road in the afternoon.
Monday and Tuesday will be red
letter days at the miners' training
quarters. He will so ten rounds on
each occasion just as hard as he Is
capable of going, and this will practi
cally wind up his work. On Wednes
day he will take a rest and It Is not
expected he will do much work from
that time on.
Big Miner Goes Seven Fast Rounds
With Sparring Partner.
MUXROE SPENDS A BUSY -DAY.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA ROSA, Aug. 20.— An attend
ance estimated at 4000 witnessed the
closing day's event at the breeders'
meeting to-day. The principal race
was the 2:19 class trot for the Sonoma
County stakes, a purse of $1500. There
were seven starters, and the betting
was lively.
Two local horses, W. H. Lumsden's
McPherson and R. V*\ Peterson's R-W
P, were In this race, which made the
contest much more attractive. In the
first heat R W P finished third and
McPherson fifth. • In the second heat
the latter finished fourth and the other
fifth. Morosco won both of these heats
In 2:12%. The first quarter of the sec
ond heat proved to be the fastest of
the meet. The time was :31%.
The 2:25 pace was an interesting
race. In the second and fourth heats
Miss Idaho and Cavaliero finished noses
apart. In the second heat of this race
Prince Almo fell after crossing the
wire. He was unhurt.
Sidney Dillon and other celebrities
from Santa Rosa stock farm were pa
raded and were applauded. Summary:
First race, 2:25 class, pacing, mile
heats, 3 in 5, purse $500:
Miss Idaho, ch. m., Westwood Wilkes,
Forest Clay (J. D. Springer), 2, 1, 1, 1.
Cavaliero, b. h., Stanton Wilkes, dam
by Electioneer (F. E. Ward), 1, 2, 3, 2.
Harry W, s. g. (F. W. Wright), 3, 4,
2. 5.
Henry M, g. g., Raymond by A. W.
Richmond (J. H. Vance), 4, 3, 5, 4.
Prince Almo, b. g., Prince Almont-
Cap (J. W. Zibble), 5, 5, 4, 3.
Time, 2:13. 2:11%. 2:16U. 2:15.
Second race, 2:19 class, trotting, mile
heats, 3 in 5, Sonoma County stakes,
purse $1500:
Morosco, br. g., Wayland-Lady Moore
(T. C. Cabney), 1, 1, 1.
Rita H, b. m., McKinney (W. G. Dur
fee), 7, 2, 2.
Little Babe, blk. m., Bradtmoor-
Dawn (S. H. Hoy), 6, 3, 3.
R. W. P., b. g., Lynwood W (J. W.
Zibble), 3, 5, w. - . . ; r
McPherson, i br. s., McKInney-Eve
line (F. Hazzard), 5, 4, 4.
Lady Madison, b. m., James Madison,
dam by Nephew (F. E. Ward), 2, dis.
Telephone, br. g., Direct-Nellita (H.
Ward). 4. dis.
Time, 2:12%, 2:12%, 2:12.
Third race, free fcr all, pacing, mile
heats, 3 in 5, purse $600:
Dictatrees, ch. m., Dictatus-Salinas
Belle (E. Parker), 1, 1, 1.
Zolock, br. s., McKinney-Gazelle (H.
Delaney), 2, 2, 2.
Polkadot, b. m., Mendocino-Maud
Merrill (F. Wright), 3, dis.
Lottie Smart, ch. m., by Raswell (J.
W. Zibble), 4, dis.
Time, 2:10, 2:08%, 2:14.
brand, Nordyke. Anderson. Gochnauer. Stolen
base— Gorton. Three-base hit — Irwin. Two
base hit — Hosan. Sacrifice hits — Hildebrand.
Lynch. Overall. First base on errors — San
Francisco 1, Tacoma 2. First base on called
balls— Off Corbett 4. off Overall C. Left on
bases — San Francisco 10, Tacoma 6. Struck
out— By Corbett 2. by Overall 4. Double play
— Eagan to Casey to Nordyke. Passed ball —
Gorton. Wild pitches — Corbett. Overall. Time
of game — 2 hours. Umpire — O'Connell.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SARATOGA, N. Y., Aug. 20.— Upon a
sloppy track, the result of twelve hours
of almost incessant rain, the beautiful
three-year-old filly Beldame set the
seal upon her fame by winning the
Saratoga cup, at one mile and six fur
longs. She carried weight for age, 10S
pounds, and defeated Africander, The
Picket, Gaughnawaga and Major Daln
gerfield, in 3:03 4-5, nearly six seconds
slower than the track record of 2:58,
which is also the world's record.
The difference in time is accounted
for by the difference in the course to
day as compared with the course on
the cup day last- year, when the ad
mirably handled Africander, with Ful
ler up, defeated Heno a head in one of
the most thrilling races of the yean
.The cup failed to bring out the con
test looked for, Beldame proving so
much the best that at no stage of the
journey was there a question as to her
winning. O'Neil's orders were to go to
the front and make things merry, and
this he did in a style that In'the'opin
ion of many makes her the greatest
mare seen in years. For the first mile
there was little disposition shown by
the others to go after her, but when the
attempt was made there was no per
ceptible closing of the gap. In fact
O'Nell was looking back over his shoul
der while the others were driving hard.
At the.- finish Beldame was five
lengths in front of Africander, "which
was a half length in front of The Pick
et. Caughnawaga tired badly at the
end of one mile and three furlongs.
Summary:
FIRST RACE— Seven furlongs; three-year
olds and upward: sellins:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
S to 1 — Castalian. loo (Martin).. 5 1 1W1 h
C to 1— Elliott, 115 (Daly) 6 5 4 '2%
13 to 5 — Proceeds. 106 (Burns).... 7 7 3 3
Time, 1:20 1-D. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, J. W. Colts' ch. g. by Bathampton-
Castalla. Armenia. Canajoharie, Honolulu,
Atwood. finished as named. . . .
SECOND RACE— About two and a half
miles; four- year-olds and upward; the North
American Steeplechase:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
2 to 1— St. Jude. 142 (O'Brien).. 5 2 3 110
13 to 5 — Fox Hunter, 15tj (Ray).. 4 3 10 2 20
5 to 1— Caller. 156 (Donohue)... 3 1 l'JS
Time, 6:14 2-S. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, Mr. Cotton's b. g. by St. Andrew-
Jude. Bonfire, Adjidaumo. Dromedary, fin
ished as named.
THIRD RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
tjvo-year-olds; the United States Hotel Stakes:
Btttlng. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
IS to a — Woodsaw 110 (Lyne).... 4 12 13
7 to 1— Wildmint, 110 (Odom)...3 4 10 2 1
12 to 1— Slglight. 127 (Hicks).... 5 6 5 3 3^4
Time. 1:01). Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. C. S. Pag-efs ch. c. by Octagon-Wood vine.
Austin Allen, Sparkling- Star, Jack Lory.
Merry Lark, finished as named.
FOURTH RACE— One and three-quarter
miles; three-year-olds and up; the Saratoga
Cup:
Bitting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. *i Fin.
i*to5 — Beldame. 108 (O'Neill)... 2 16 16
7 to 2 — Africander, 126 (Fuller).. 1 2 a 2 'A
7 to 1— The Pickett, 126 (Lyne) . . . S 5 '32
Time, 3:03 4-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. N. Bennington's ch. f. by Octagon-
BHladonna. Caughnawaga, Major- Dalnger
fleld, finished as named.
FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; two-year-olds;
purse :
Betting. Horse, Weight.. Jockey. St. % Fin.
11 to 20 — Agile. 122 (Burns) 2 2 1U,l-t;
20 to 1 — Lochinvar. 117(DeSousa) 3 13 2 2.
8 to 5— Linda Lee, 114 (Phillips) 13 3
Time, 1:14. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, S. S. Brown's br. c. by Sir Dixon-Alpeno.
SIXTH RACE— One mile; handicap; all
ages:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.'
•8 to 10— Clauda. 108 (J. Daly).. 1 11 lh
11 to 10— Grey Friar. 102 (Philips) 2 2 0 2 15
15 to 1— lllyria. 02 (W. Daly).. 3 3 3
Timo, 1 :4l 4-5. Start poor. Won driving:.
Winner, J. W. Schorr's gr. g. by St. George-
Una B. 'Claude disqualified.
Stark. Jones. Earned runs — Seattle 1, Oak
land 1. Two-base hits — Wilson, Schlafley, Gan
ley. Stolen bases — Mohler. Ganley. Schlafley,
Ocvereaux. Sacrifice hits — Smith 3, Wilson.
Kruger, Streib. Bases on balls — Off Williams
4, off Jones 2. Hit by pitched ball— Mohler.
Frisk 2. Blankenship. Struck out— By Wil
liams 3, by Jones 3. Passed balls— By Wileon
1, by Etark 2. Time of game — Two hours and
13 minutes. Umpire — Brown.
Big Orval Overall won the hearts of
the San Francisco baseball fans yester
day at Recreation Park, just as he
often captured the admiration of thou
sands of football rooters. The college
giant loomed up majestically on the
slab while the multitude cheered. In
every inning save two he baffled the
best batsmen San Francisco can boast
of. Score — Tacoma 6, San Fran
cisco 3.
The largest Saturday crowd In the
history of Recreation Park was on
hand to give the Rah! Rah! Rah hero
a reception that would make any man
feel proud. There were Berkeley root
ers and Stanford rooters and the regu
lar baseball rooters, but they all united
in cheering the big slab artiEt when he
stepped into the middle of the diamond
for the first time.
All the college man needed was con
trol. He was lacking in this respect,
otherwise he would have achieved a
victory that might furnish the fans
gossip for months to come. To his cred
it he had a wild pitch and six walks,
one of them turning into a run. But at
that, he was ever cool and effective
beyond description in the tight places.
Errors lost the game for Corbett. He
pitched brilliant ball, but contributed
to his own defeat with a wild pitch
and two misplays that allowed three
Tigers to pounce upon the pan. His
fielders were nervous and were always
.making the wrong kind of a play at the
•wrong time. The Tigers managed to
amass most of their runs with two
men out. .
Not since that eventful Sunday after
noon when the redoubtable Rube Wad
dell made playthings out of the then
champion San Franciscans has a pitch
er displayed the speed Overall did yes
terday. He used a straight, fast ball
most of the time, varying it with a
drop occasionally and an out-curve that
was effective. He struck out three men
in two innings, but after that did not
play for the fanning honors much.
A bad error put the Tigers three
ahead In the third inning. There were
two down and out when Doyle hit to
Gochnauer and traveled to second on
the latter's bad throw of a beautiful
stop. Sheehan cut loose a drive to right
and Doyle landed on third. Anderson
had a dope streak and threw the ball in
bad form. Sheehan advanced a base,
and both came in after Nordyke hit to
right. Eagan's bingle brought Dyke
home.
Overall had two stowed away and
Hildebrand on second in the third when
Charley Irwin popped up a "Texas
leaguer" to right, bringing the run in.
The Tigers broke it up for fair In the
seventh, when two hits, coupled with a
wild pitch and an error at the plate by
Corbett, let the Tigers take three.
After that it was easy sailing for them,
though one bad breaker appeared in
the eighth.
It was then that Corbett and Wal
dron swung through with singles after
Overall began to let down a bit. Nor
dyke fumbled Hildebrand's hit, and it
was a full house. Van Buren smacked
a smart one down to Truck Eagan, and
in a twinkling a double play was pulled
off. Corbett scored and Waldron land
ed soon after on Charley Irwin's beau
tiful three-cushion swing to deep cen
ter—the best of its kind this year. , "- :
The fast double play helped to get
Overall out of a mean hole, but at
that he seemed to know what he was
doing, and Van Buren was rather
afraid of the big fellow's speed. He
held the locals safe in every other In
ning, pitching masterly ball when he
settled down.
Barber will pitch against St. Vrain
this morning at Oakland. Whalen and
Thomas are to oppose each other in the
afternoon. The score:
Ean Francisco— I Tacoma —
AB.R.H. P.A.I AB.R. H. P.A.
WMrn.cf 4 12 3 1 Doyle.rf. 5 10 10
Hldbnd.ir 3 10 0 0 Bhehn.Sb 4 114 2
VnBrn.lb 4 0 0 14 2Nrdyk.lb 4 2 2 9 1
Irwin,3b. 5 0 2 0 3 Ea«ran,s.. 4 0 2 13
AndrBn.rf 4 0 0 2 1 Lynch.cf. 3 0 0 10
MiUer,2b. 4 0 0 3 4 <"a*ey,2b. 3 0 0 3 3
Gcimer.s 3 0 12 3 Me J-in.lf 3 0 0 0 0
Gorton. c. 3 0 2 2 0 Hogan.s. 4 12 6 1
Corbett.p 3 111 5 Overall. p 3 10 2 2
Totals. 33 3 S 27 19 1 Total s. 33 6 ~7 27 12
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Tacoma 0 0 3 0 0 0 3 0 0 6
E»m hits 0 0 3 0 0 1 2 1 0—7
Ean Francisco ...00100020 0 3
Base hits 0 1 1 1 1 1 3 o O—8
SUMMARY.
Error* — Gorton 2, Corbett 2, Hogaa, Hllde-
Errors — Hall 3, Williams 2, Ganley, Streib,
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Seattle 0 20001000—3
Base hits ....'..0 3010210 0—7
Oakland 0 0 0 0 2 0 1 0 1—4
Base hits 1 0 0 2 10 3 1 2—10
SUMMARY.
OAKLAND PULLS OUT AHEAD.
SEATTLE, Aug. 30. — Oakland
turned the tables on Seattle to-day
and won out in the ninth inning.
From beginning to end it was a neck
and neck fight, with many exciting
plays and a few bad errors. Pitcher
Williams threw the ball awav twice,
the last throw giving Oakland two
runs. Every time he made an error
he followed it with a sensational piece
of fielding. Jones outpitched Williams
at critical points. On one occasion
he was in a bad hole with Frisk, the
champion batter, up. Frisk was
anxious to hit, but struck out. The
Score:
Oakland — Seattle —
AB. R. H. P.A. AB. R. H. P.A.
Frnks.se 5 12 3 2 Vn Hn.cf 4 0 12 0
Mskmn.lf 0 0 0 2 0 Mhler,3b 3 0 0 2 3
Ganly.rf 5 0 12 0]Dlnty.2b 5 0 0 3 1
Dlvy.s&lf 5 112 0 Frisk. If 3 0 0 0 0
Shlfly,2b 2 1112 Bkshp.lb 4 0 1 13 0
Krugr.cf 4 0 110 Smith, rf 2 1 1 0 0
Streib.lb 4 0 2 9 l^Hall ss. 4 0 2 2 2
Dvrux,3b 5 0 2 '0 3;\V'ili»on,c 3 12 5 2
Stark, c 5 O O 6 ljWillms'p 4 10 0 0
Jones, p 3 1 0 1 4;
Totals. 32 3 7 27 17
Totals.3S 4 10 27 13 !
WHITEWASH FOR BROWMES.
PORTLAND, Aug. 20. — Dolly. Grey
dropped the Brownies into a barrel to
day and then clapped on the lid. Not
a run did he allow. The fielding of
the Loo Loos was a fine exhibition..
In the first inning the Browns went
out in order, while Smith scored with
the aid of Cravath. Not another run
did the visitors make until the sixth,
the interim being a dra^jftght'When
the sixth opened Bernard' beat out a
bunt, Flood barely made first on a
hot one to Raymond. Smith's bunt
was thrown wild by Steelman and in
the excitement Bernard got home.
The Browns did not improve their/
opportunity in the seventh. Drennan
hit to right. Beck flew out and Cas
tro sacrificed and the gloom deepened
a moment after. The big- disappoint
ment came in the ninth, when only
Drennan and Beck made bases and
Castro, Raymond and Nadeau went
out Th^last runs were made on
errors. The score: ";.
Portland — Los Angeles —
?. AB. R. H. P.A. AB. R: H. P.A.
Rpencr,2b 4 0 O 3 :i Bernd.cf -52210
Hurly.lb 4 0 0 8 1 Flood, 2b 5 O 2 13
Dren'n.cf 4 0 2 2 2 Smith,3b 3 2 2 1 '2
Beck, 3b 4 0 3 11 Cravth.rt 4 0 0 2 0
Castro.rf 3 0.00 1 Chase, lb 4 0 1 V.i 0
Ra'md.ss 4 0 1 V 5 6iToman,ss 4 0 0 2 1
Nadea.lf 4 0 0 3 0 Ross, If ' 4 1 1 1 0
Fteelmn.c 3 O 0 4 6 Spies, c 4-1 1-6 1
Hastgs,p 3 0 11 0 Gray, p 4 1 . 1 .' O, 5
Totals 33 O 7 27 2<V Totals 37 7 10 27 12
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGGS.
Portland '. 0 0 0 0 0 0 00 0 0
Base hits 0 10 110 11 2 T
Los Angeles..... 10 0 0 02 0 1 3 — 7
Base hits...... 1 0 0 0 0 2 1 2,4-10
SUMMARY.
Errors— Spencer (3), Hurley (2), Beck (2),
Castro, • Chaae. Karned run — Los Angeles 1.
Stolen base — Bernard. Struck out— >-By Hast
ings 1, by Gray 5. Sacrifice hits — Castro,
Smith. Two-bare-hits— Gray, Flood. DouWe
plays — Spies to Chase, Drennan to Steelman to
Si>tDcer to Beck. Left on bases — Portland 1 7,
Lob Angel es. 4. Time of game — One hour and
thirty-live minutes. Umplres-^-McCarthy and
McDonald.
Brought Back From Washington. *
Frank. Wummerston, formerly em
ployed as a draughtsman }n the City
Engineer's j office, was brought' from
Washington, D. C, -last night by
George S.* Wilson, a deputy in the De
partment of Public Charities. Wurn
merston" was locked up in the De
tention Hospital and will be examined
for his sanity by the Lunacy Commis
sion. He left this city for Liverpool,
England, last year to , visit a sister.
Upon his return to the United States
last January he was found' wandering
the streets of Washington in a partly
demented condition and the Depart
ment of Public Charities of the'Dis
trict of Columbia took charge of him.
CHICAGO, Aug. 20. — H. Chandler
Egan of Exmoor won the "Western golf
championship at Highland Park to
day for the second time. He defeated
D. E. Sawyer of Wheaton in thj
thlrty-slx hole finals, 6 up o to play.
The only period in the game -when the
big gallery golfers who followed th»
two players thought Egan In danger
was when Sawyer, by a brilliant two
under "bogey" play, took the first two
holes. The weather conditions were
excellent. In the long game Egan was
better, invariably, than his rivaL Hi3
short game was Invincible and the
hard luck that came to Sawyer was
mostly due to his own erratic work.
Of the subordinate events decided,
Walter Egan, the defeated champion,
won the Directors' cup from K. L.
Ames of Glenview, 2 up 1 to play. P.
B. Hoyt, another former "Western
champion, won the North Shore Cup,
defeating R. E. Hunter, 1 up In twenty
holes.
Morning Score.
H. C. Egan —
Out... 45344545 5—3}
Out... 34355555 5 — 13
In 4 3 4 4 4 4 5 4 5— 37— 7S
In 546 544 4 3 4—39—73
Afternon Score.
Egan —
Out... 46354555 4— it
Sawyer —
Out... 46464555 5—41
Egan —
In ...5 3 4 4 — —
Sawyer —
In 4 3 4 x — —
x — Bye-holes, not played.
"As for telling how I shall fight Mun
roe, that would be impossible. Even If
I did map out a plan of battle It would
not be a true one, for no one ever saw
a man fight as he said he was going
to before the fight. All I can say is
that I am going to fight to win. I
shall finish my training at the Reliance
Club, where I will begin work Monday
morning."
¦
Brown as a berry from exposure to
the burning sun at Harbin Springs,
showing in every movement the effect
of the hard training of the past two
weeks, Champion James J. Jeffries re
turned unexpectedly to Oakland last
night to complete his preparation for
his coming battle with Jack Munroe.
Accompanying the champion were
Mrs. Jeffries, Billy Delaney and his
wife, Jack Jeffries, Joe Kennedy,
George Miller of Los Angeles, Dick Ad
ams. Eddie Hanlon and Colonel Martin
Brady. Jeff went direct to his old quar
ters at the Hotel Metropole. The heat
in the mountains drove him down to
the cooler climate of Oakland.
The big fellow looks the picture of
health, and is well satisfied with his
present condition. He will take things
easy to-day, and will rest after % his
trip from the springs. To-morrow
morning he will begin putting the fin
ishing touches on his condition. Jeff
has but little to say regarding the ap
proaching fight, but what he does say
proves that while he does not hold the
husky miner in contempt he is never
theless confident of proving himself
Munroe's master. Jeff said:
."I am in first-class condition, and am
ready to step Into the ring at a mo
ment's notice. Of course I believe I
shall win, but I have not taken any
chances with my condition, and I will
say this, that if I lose it will be be
cause Munroe is the best man. I am
not going to lose.
"As far as my knee Is concerned It
is as good as ft ever was — in fact, I
think it is now the best of the two.
Now that Is a fact. I have noticed
that since I had the 'bad' knee treat
ed, if either of them feels at all stiff
after a long walk or a sprint It is the
one that was not hurt. So none of my
friends need have any fear that Mun
roe will fight a cripple. My hands are
also in fine shape.
(Pacific Ccaat Leacu*.)
W\ L. Pet. | W. I* P-ct.
Taroma ...14 8 .636 Portland ..10 12 .455
Seattle 14 9 .COalg&a Fran.. 10 14 .417
Los Ae«:»..13 8 .691 Oakland ... 7 16 .304
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Big Fellow Says He Is
Beady to Step Into Bing
at a Moment's Notice
Erratic Fielding Lets the
Tigers Score 3Iany Euns,
Though Corbett Does Well
Defeated Man Plays Well at
Times, but Erratic Work
Finally Proves Downfall
The Great Mare Dictatress
Wins in Straight Heats,
Going One Mile in 2:08%
SEVENTH RACE— One and & sixteenth
miles; three-year-olds; purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. K Fin
13 to 10— Wenrick, 105 (Miller). 2 44 1 %
4 to 5— King Eliewth. 112 »Mtn).4 2 4 2 10
12 to 1 — Tro s ?ach3, 100 (Aubucn) 3 1 4 3 8
Time, 1:53 4-5. Start good. Won . easily.
Winner. A. F. Dayton & Co.'s ch. c. by Pirate
of Penzance-Miaa Celestlne. Myron Dale 102,
Polk Miller 1C2, finished as named.
SIXTH RACE— One tnllefthree-year-olds and
up; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
9 to 5— Klelnwood. 97 fFelcht).. 5 14 11
7 to 1— Glorlosa, 102 (Sobell)..., 6 3 7 2 9
8 to 1— Bob Franklyn, 98 (SeamQ 7 2^34
Time/ 1:45. Start good. Won handily. Win
ner. Foreman & Graham's ch. c. (3) by Her
mence-MandoIin II. My. Alice 93 Dungannon
90. Louisville 98, Benson Caldwell 106, Farmer
Jim 108, finished 'as named.
FOURTH RACE— One and a quarter miles;
three-year-olds and upward; August stakes:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. ?; y in
.( to 2— Brancas, 96 (Aubuchon). 2 2h 13
IS to 5— P. Finch, 101 (Nicol)... 5 13^23^4
11 to 10— J. Himes, 118 (Helgeson) 4 3 2&:{ 0
Time, 2:12 1-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, William Gerst's ch. c. (3) by Knight
of Ellerslle-Bracket. The Lady 105 Bom
bardier 101. finished as named.
FIFTH RACE— One mile; three-year-olds
and upward; purse:
Betting. Horse,. Weight, Jockey. St. «4 Fin
4 to 1— K. Powers. 92 (Aubuchon) 3 1 5 ' 1 2*1
9 to 5— Gregor K. 105 (Henry) 1 2 2V.2 nk
3tol— Bragg, 110 (Helgeson) 4 3 4 "3 15
Time. 1:45. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, W. P. Reardon's b. f. (3) by Longstreet-
MUss Modish. Warte Nicht 108 also ran.
' THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; three -year-olds
and up; i>urse:
Betting. Hcrse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
2tol— Big Ben, 111 (Prior): 2 2 1 12
4 to 5— Tokalon. 100 (Knapp) 1 3 20 2 6
5 to 1— Sylvia Talbot, 102 (Nico!) 4 1 Vi 3 30
Time, 1:16. Start fair. Won easily. Win
ner. C E. Durnell's br. g. (4) by Ben Strome-
Mint Julep. Josctte 105 also ran
SECOND RACE— One mile; three-year-olds
and up; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
11 to 2— Mr. Farnum, 103 (Bonnr) 4 3 6 1 %
3 to 1— Bay wood. 95 (Oregar) 2 lh 24
4 *° 1 ~ Hainault. 105 (Knapp)... 6 6 1 3 3
Time, 1 :46. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner, G. W. Wilson's b. g. (4) by Cheviot-Miss
Dance. Blackthorn 108. Chockayotte 87, Royal
Pirate 100. Wing Dance 107, Thank Haven 00,
finished as named.
Subtle won a remarkable race in the
first event, a dash for two-year-olds.
The Street colt was absolutely left at
the post. He then went on and ran
over his field, winning in a gallop. The
third event resulted in the defeat of
the great filly, Tokalon, badly ridden
by Knapp. Big Ben, better handled,
easily won the race, with Tokalon sec
ond and Sylvia Talbot third. Aubu
chon rode three winners. Summaries:
FIRST RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds; selling-
Betting. Hcrse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
9 to 2— Subtle. 100 (Aubuchon)... 8 2 SV,l 2\t,
°t° 5— Albert Fir. Ill (Morrison) 2 5 4' 2 h
™ No Tamper, 103 (Nicol).. 1 42 3h
Time, 1:11 2-5. Start good. Won easily. "Win
"4 r . ». W. Street & Co.'s b. f. by Ben Strome-
Craftie. St. Denis 105, Glrdlestone 112. Useful
Lady 100, Sly Musette 107. Dundall 98,- fin
ished as named
CHICAGO, Aug. 20. — Brancas, a
three-year-old chestnut colt by Knight
of Ellerslie, owned by William Gerst,
the Nashville brewer, and splendidly
ridden by Aubuchon, won the August
Stakes to-day at Hawthorne. Phil
Finch was second, while the even
money favorite, Judge Himes, finished
a distant third.
, Judge Himes, On the strength of his
well known mud running proclivities,
was well played- by the public. Bran
cas went to the post at 7 to 2. Phil
Finch had a strong following at 18
to 5. The latter rushed away in front
at the start and led dll the way into
the stretch, where Brancas collared
him and easily beat him to the wire.
The winner's share of the purse was
$2210.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEVENTH RACE— One and three-sixteenth
miles; three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
IB to 1— Mls» Eon. 03 (Williams). « 5 8 17
7 to 10 — Neversuch. 104 (Austin). 3 7 »,i 2 n
5 to 1 — Boaster, 107 (Anderson). 3 32 3K
Time, 2:10. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner, F. Smith's b. m. (4) by Eon-Eonette.
Goo Goo 9S, Athens 83. Pathos 101. Broodier
100, finished as named.
SIXTH RACE — One and a sixteenth miles;
three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
12 to 1— Albany Girl, 05 (Barren). 6 18 1 12
10 to 1— Misanthrope. 90 (J. Dale). 10 5 1 2 lVa
10 to 1— Freesias. 91 (Howell) 4 7 oY a S n
Time, 1 :55. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, h\ Debeque's b. m. (4) by Lamplighter;
Le Juive. .Trapeetter 103, Athelrose S»7. Little
Corker 94, Carley'a Dream 102, Hucena 94,
North Wind 104, Lynch 108, Sister Lillian 97,
finished as named.
FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; three-year-olds
and up:
Betting, Horse, Weight. Jockey, St. % Fin.
£ to 1— HarmiKh, luO (Rice).... 6 4516
6 to 1— J. W. O'Neill, 97 (Andsn) 4 2 2 2 1
IS to 1— Laura Hunter, »7 (Hwll) 1 1 2 3 S
Time, 1:17^. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, O'Xelll & Eagan's ch. c. (3) by Albert-
Montvale. Lady Felix 97. Otto Stifel 105.
Glennevls 102, Santa Ventura 07, finished as
named.
Time, 1:18%. Start fair. Won easily. Win
ner, B. Schreiber'a br. g. by Sain-Parkrldge.
Braden 115, Dotage 89, John Randolph 95. Vlo.
lin 100. (Braden and Violin coupled In bet
ting.)
FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; two-year
olds; W. J. Lemps Brewing Company stakes:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
11 to -2— Tom Shelly, 108- (Otis). . 5 2 8 15
S to 1— Arlena, 100 (Howell) 4 12 2 10
2 to 1— Lucky Charm.lll (Ldsey) 7 5 3 3 4
THIRD RACE— Six and a half furlongs;
three-year-olds and up: -
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 1 — Atlas.Ul (Helms). 3 15 110
4 to 1— Lansdown, 100 (Roach).. 2 BG 23
7 to 1— Pierce J. 108 (Young) ... 8 6b 3 ¥j
Time, 1:25. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, C. A. Schwabacker's b. f. (3) by Huron-
Armiel. Stand Pat 106. Tally H 100, Dr.
Bcharff 100, Metlakatla 102, Conundrum 105.
Bensonhurst 100, Swift Wing 104, finished, ad
named.
SECOND RACE— Seven furlongs; three^year
olds and ud:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. >i" Fin.
4 to 6— Jerry Hunt, lOtt (Andson) 8 16 1 «
30 to 1— Sanctissima, 102 (Howell) 2 3 3 2 V,
20 to 1— Lookaway, 87 (Helms) . . 3 2 3 3 8
ft Time. 1 :33. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, B. Schreiber's b. g. (8) by Servltoi-Inno
cence. Lovable 102, Chorus Boy 09, Triple
Silver 90, Dollnda 97, John Doyle 103, Hoceo
08. finished as named.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 20. — Tom Shelly,
which arrived at the track from Chi
cago scarcely an hour before the run
ning: of the W. J. Lemp Stakes for
two-yeai>olds, galloped home first In
the race7 Lucky Charm was off badly
and then closed a worjd of ground,
but could do no better than third, af
ter Arlena had quit to second. A
crowd of 10,000 saw the races run.
Favorites were bowled over In five out
of the seven races. The weather was
clear and the track muddy. Sum
mary:
FIRST RACE— One and a sixteenth miles;
three-year-oldo and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 2— The Hebrew, sa (Rice).... 6 1 n X it,
5 to 1— Alcom R, SB (Clark) 5 4 1 2n
8 to 1— Lyrist. Otf (Thomer) 2 23 33
Time, 1:55. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner, F. Cook's b. g. (3) by Requital-Black
Eve. Shortcake 84. Compass 102. Trinity Bell
99, Larry Wilt 104, Faquita 94. Galoit 94, Col
onel Ballantyne 107, finished as named.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Highty College Man Keeps
Uncle's Finest Wondering
in Every Bound Save Two
Beats a Field of Seven in
the Sonoma County Stakes
at the. Santa Eosa Meet
Outplays Sawyer and Cap.
tures Western Honors or
Links for Second Time
Jeffries Leaves Harbin and
Will Finish His Work at
Keliance Club in Oakland
William Gerst's Brancas De
feats Phil Finch for the
August Stakes.
The Bennington Entry Beats
Africander Five,Lengths.
The Cricket Third.
Tom Shelly, a Son of Sain,
Takes the Lemp Stakes
at St. Louis.
SARATOGA CUP TO BELDAME,
DAUGHTER OF OCTAGON
OVERALL STARS
AS A SLABSTER
MOROSCO TAKES
THE BIG EFENT
BURLY CHAMPION
IN FINE FORM
EGAN OF EXMOOR
GOLF CHAMPION
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY,- AUGUST 21, 190*.
TEFFRIES RETURNS TO OAKLAND TO COMPLETE HIS TRAINING
CHICAGO. Aug. 20.— Secretary Shaw
arrjved In Chicago to-day on his way
to the Pacific Coast, whither he goes
for the purpose of making a campaign
tour. The first speech of the Secretary
will be made at Helena, Mont, next
Wednesday. '
Shaw Coming West.
Racing at Portland.
36
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Blood Troubles lj|i|
Bad blood is the source of numerous aches and pains \$*
and the cause of nearly all stubborn, long-continued dis- Rlh^
cases. When the blood gets out of order, disease germs S-^fija^IlS^
and poisons of various kinds find their way into the cir- W^^^^^9^^.
culation and some serious trouble is the result Rheu ,^^^^^^^^>
matisrn, Malaria, Old Sores and Ulcers, Scrofula, Anemia MW^MM&
and many pustular or scaly skin eruptions, like Eczema R!»#W®/
Salt Rheum and Tetter, have " -
their beginning in bad blood, . J f * u l* ?•?„ ™ y bl ?°* a « bad, as evidenced by
andonlya.rexnedythatenters
into the circulation and de- knowinr it to be highly . PO ken S if t« I'sfnla
StroyS the germs and poisons, *mmb«r of bottles-my blood was thoroughly puri-
can have any permanent good Z. e A f ,,* n *»? "**¦ relieved of all eruptions and
effect upo/a disease of E this iSSVST^'J^St^S^ 1 JSffi£7S5
character. anyone in need of inch medicine would do well
You can't check a blood *•«•«. Mrs. o. E. shoemaker.
disease by any external treat- 5X0 E * ?*"erson St., Alliance, O.
ment; the sores and eruptions that appear upon the surface of the body are
only manifestations or symptoms of some internal disorder that cannot be
¦ -i reached from the outside. S. S. S. antidotes the poi-
fJT^ fir^ ifcS SOnS> humors and acid s that are the real cause of
\&\ disease, cleanses and enriches the blood, and builds
E^OihOJhOJ U P at the same time the general health. S. S. S.
KmS V—«y V*.^ , invigorates all the organs and parts of the system
and stimulates them to greater, activity, and strong nerves and renewed
health is the result If yon have any blood trouble, write us. No charge
lor medical advice. THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO,, ATLANTA, CA .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I 1 AM A
I SPECIALIST
iiJN MEN'S
| DISEASES
I ; . - My work Is unlike that of the aver-
F ase specialist, and each case treated
| baa added Its mite to my store of
t knowledge regarding men's ailments. I
| have striven toward absolut» pertec-
Jt tion In my methods of treatment, and
I now believe that I have practically
I attained the limit of medical poasl-
E bilities pertainicg to diseases of men.
S My various forms of treatment ar«
I original and in many respects unique.
i and the results I obtain prove their
I absolute correctness.
H No matter how many physicians
| have failed to relieve vou. if I accept
I your case you are safe In expecting
\ nothing short of a speedy and penna-
: J. nent cure.
f| DR. O. O. JOSI.E3T.
|j The Leading Specialist.
I WAIT
FOR MY
FEE
UNTIL YOU
ARE
WELL
ft I have no need to argne my ability
rj ua specialist In men' •' diseases. The
pj straightforward and definite proposition
H above is proof of exceptional skill, and
H ¦ ia certainly as liberal as any reason-
; Bj able man could ask.
i II "wiAinrEss"
M There is no other physician treating
¦ functional weakness by my method or
H obtaining results that even resemble
H the complete and permanent cures I
fl make. I employ no tonics, stimulants
II or electric belts.
H "TASICOCZLS"
H No caustic, no cutting. Mild and
tl painless treatment that restores cosn-
II plete health and tone to the weakened
p and dilated veins in one week's time,
w Failure by my method Is Impossible.
tl Z Cure Contracted Disorders.
11 Specific Blood Poison, Stricture.
1 etc., by equally advanced methods.
1 1 "live All Toxir Tears a Man."
j-. My pamphlet. "Live AH Tour Tears
1 1 a Man." will be mailed free upon re-
h| quest. Consultation la free, either in
tl person or by mall.
I DR. 0. C. JOSLEN,
|i Corner Market cad Geary Sts.
\\ Private Er.tnin.ce 702 Market St.Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlo Offlce. V. B. N.. Mer
. , chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal..
August 20. 1904.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
haud column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day.' except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
•Ign. precedes the height, and then the number
giver. Is eubtractsd from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low -waters.
The steamer Rosecrans wae cleared yester
day for Ft. Michael and Nome, via Gaviota,
e&rryinjf 12.000 barrels crude oil In bulk, val
iw.-d ct $I«i,bO0. eonelirned to Et. Michael, and
f/k> cases coal oil. valued at ?325. for Nome.
At Gavlota the Bteamer will load 12.000 bar
rels crude oil for Nome, valued at {16,800.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping 3Icrchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN".
The cleaner City of Peking called yesterday
for the Iethmu» of Panam* and way ports
with a general merchandise cargo", valued at
$76 £04 to be distributed as follows: For
Mexico, JS42S; Central America. $33,894; Pan
ama, |1££7; ->'tw York. $30,217; Ecuador, flOO;
Kxports by the Panama Steamer.
The Overdue List.
The vessels on the overdue list are
cjucttd lor reinsurance as follows: Pio
nicr, 90 per cent; Hampton and Asie, 6
per cent, and Engelhorn, 10 per cent.
SUNDAY, AUGUST 21.
Sun rises 5 ;3( )
Sun sets C:55
Moon rets i;3Q a- m .
D iTlmel iTlmel J Thnel Time
£ t Ft. [ Ft. ( Ft. Ft.
? |L W| |H W| L W| H W
21 2:1S| 0.1 0:13 4.3 1:56 3.1 8:10 O
22 3:02 0.110:02 4.5 2:50 3.0 9:04 5.5
23 3:45—0.110:45 4.7 3:37 2.7 9:50 5.4
24 4:22—0.111:22 4.8 4:18 2.7 10:33 5.3
25 4:57 0.0 11:57 4.8 5:00 2.5 11:12 5.0
26 5:30 0.3 12:27 4.9 6:36 2.3 11:50 4.S
27 5:59 • 0.6 12:53 4.9 6:14 2.2
Lyderhorn Is Still Aground.
Efforts to float the British ship Ly
derhorn. from Hamburg for Seattle and
previously reported aground la the
River Elbe, have failed. The vessel is
leaking and the. cargo Is being dis
charged into lighters.
Captain 3Iorrison Dead.
Captain George D. Morrison, former
ly commander of . the big freighter
Texan of the American-Hawaiian line,
died yesterday at his home in Plain
field, N. J.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. Due.
Montara San Pedro Aug. 21
Chehalls San Pedro Aug. 21
Centralla Grays Haruor Aug. '21
Arctic Hurr.boldt Aug. 211
Corona Humboldt ....Aug. 21
8. Barbara... San Pedro... ...Aug. 22
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Aug. 22
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. Aug. Ti
Centennial... Seattle & Tacoma .... Aug. 22
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria.... Aug. 22
North Fork.. Humboldt Aug. 22
Argo Kel River Ports Aug. 22
Elizabeth.... Coquille River Aug. 22
Porno 'Point Arena &. Albion. Aug. 23
Alameda Honolulu Aug. 23
Chlco Coquille River Aug. 23
Hathor Hamburg & Way Ports Aug. 23
Mackinaw... Tacoma Aug. 23
Eureka Humboldt Aug.*24 j
Pomona Humboldt lAug. 24
Aurelia Portland Sc. Astoria |Aug. 24
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. Aug. 24
CttyPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports Aug. 21
City Panama, New York via Ancon.. Aug. 24
Rainier .. Seattle & Belllngham. Aug. 24
Breakwater. . Coos Bay Aug. 25
Point Arena.. Mendoclno & Pt. Arena Aug. 25
Santa Roea.. San Diego & Way Pts. Aug. 25
Curacao Mexican Ports Aug. 27
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria Aug. 27
Sequoia Wlllapa Harbor Aug. 28
Newburg Grays Harbor Aug. 23
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Pts. Aug. 28
Sierra Sydney & Way Ports. (Aug. 29
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports !Aug. 21> i
Coptic China & Japan Aug. 30
Acapulco New York via Aneon.. Aug. 31
Jmnie Seattle & Tacoma Aug. 31 ,
Alliance I Portland & Way Ports. Aug. 31 i
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
Auerust ai.
Chehalls... Grays Harboi 3 pm Pier 2
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
S. Rosa.... San Diego & Way. 0 am Pier 11
Centralla... Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 10
August 32. I
Coronado... Grays Harbor ....I 4 pm'Pler 10
S. Barbara. Grays Harbor j 4 pm|Pier 2
August 23. j
Argo Eel River Ports... 4 pm|Pier 2
Redondo... Astoria & Portland 6 pm Pier 2
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way. 9 amlPler 11
Manchuria. China & Japan.... 1 pmjPier 40
Queen Puget Sound Ports 11 amtPier ! a
Corona Humboldt l:3OpLPier 9
Montara... Seattle direct .... 4 pm Pier 9
August 24.
Elizabeth.. Coquille River 10 am Pier 20
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orfd 12 m Pier 13
Arctic Humboldt 0 am Pier 2
AUffUlt 25.
Porno - Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pmlPler 2
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 0 amlPler 11
North Fork. Humboldt ;. S pmiPler 20
Columbia.. Astoria & Portlandill amlPler 24
Nevadan... Hono. & Kahulul.112 miPler 23
Chico Coquille River j 6 pmjPier 2
- Auffuit 26. if- -
Pomona.... Humboldt 11:30 plPUr 9
Eureka Humboldt 1 9 am I Pier 13
Aug-uat 27. j I
Bonita Newport & Way...| 9 amiPler 11
Alameda... Honolulu Ill am Pier 7
San Jose..', N. Y. via Ancon.. 12 m Pier 40
Centennial.. Seattle , & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
Rainier ' Seattle & Bellnghm 4 pm|Pler 10
Aurfclia..:. Astoria & Portland 12 ml Pier 27
Breakwater Coos Bay direct.... 5 pm Pier g
I Pt. Arena.. Point Arena ..;... 4 pm Pier 2
... i ? AuffUlt 28. I | .
CitvPuebla Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 0
S Rosa.... San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Aujrast 30. -
Siberia..... China & Japan 1 pm Pier 40
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland|U am|Pler 24
FROM SEATTLE.
8t»amer. ' j Destination. ¦ Sails.
Dolphin...... Skagway. & Way Ports. Aug. 21
I City Seattle. . Skagway & Way Ports. Aug. 22
Roanoke.. ... Nome & St. Michael.. Aug. 25
Humboldt. . . . Skagway & Way Ports. Aug. 25
Jefferson..... Skagway & Way Ports. Aug. 25
Santa Clara.. Valdez & Seward Aug. 27
Senator...... Nome Aug. 30
Dlrlgo.. ...... Pkagway & Way Ports: Aug. 30
Valencia..... Skagway & "Way. Ports. I Aug. 31
Excelsior.... Seldovia & Way Ports. ISept. 1
"Victoria..... Nome & N. E. Siberia. Sept. " 3
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 23
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide la the same at both places.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
Sun, 31oon and Tide,
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Saturday. August 20.
Btmr F A Kilburn, Thompson. 7 hours from
Port Kogerb.
£tmr Kedondo. Kjrog. «?2 hours from Port
land via Astoria 52 hours.
Stmr South Coast. Olsen, 16 hours from
Caspar
Stmr Kureka Jessen. 22 hours from Eureka. ;
Btrar Cella. Kordberg. 10 hours from Na
varre
t-tmr Santa Monica, Olsen, 40 hours from
San Pedro. ¦ •
Stmr Greenwood. Walvlg. 19 hours from
Stmr Santa Cruz Eagles, 5 houre from Moss
Landing
Br fchi'p Thornliebank, Smith. 79 days from
Newcastle. Aus.
Bark Andrew Welch. Drew, SS days from
Honolulu.
Bark Kmily F Whitney, Goodman. 29 days
from Mekaweli.
Bktn John Palmer. Delano, 0 days from
Port Gamble.
Kchr General Banning, Bennewitz, S3 days
from Soledad.
Sohr Mary E Kuss. Iverson, 7 days from
Aberdeen. -
Bchr K K Wood. Hansen. 7 days from Grays
Schr Expansion, Larsen. 8 days from Port
Blakeley.
Schr Advance, Ogldnessen. 3 days from Co
qullie River. .^ "
Schr J M 'Weatherwajc. Backman. 10 days
from Anacortes.
Schr King Cyrus. Johnson. 10 days from
Belllnsham.
Sclir Berwick Jacobson. #6 hours fra Kob"u«
River.
Schr Lily. Bottger. 3 daya from Umpqua.
Echr W F Jewett. Petterson, 7 days from
Grays Harbor Up river direct.
Schr IJplla, Jahnsen. 5 days from Sluslaw.
Schr Ida McKay. Lehtola.. 48 hours from
Kureka.
CLEARED.
Saturday, August 20.
Btmr Aztec, Frazler, Yokohama via. Port
land: Pac Mall S 8 Co.
Stmr City of Peking. Robinson, Ancon (canal
zone) via Mexican and Central American ports;
Pac Mail S S Co.
Stmr Uosecrans, Johnson. St Michaels and
Nome via Gaviota; Matron' Nav Co.
Bktn Archer. Lancaster. Honolulu; Welch &
Co.
SAILED.
Saturday, August 20.
Etmr Geo W Elder. Raadall Portland and
Astoria.
Etmr Aztec, Frazier, Portland and Yoko
hama.
Eunr City of Peking-. Robinson. Ancon via
Mazatlan. etc.
Stmr Del Norte. Payne, Creecent City.
Stmr Signal. Bendegard, Coon Bar.
' Etmr Point Arena. Miller, Mendoclno. ¦
Etmr Santa Monica, Oleen. Grays Harbor.
Etmr Breakwater. Seaman. Coos Bay.
Echr Marion. Topfer. Grays Harbor.
Schr Esther Buhne, Olsen. Coos Bay.
Schr Jennie Griffin, Gibson. Bodega.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— Aug 20. 10 p ra— Weather
hazy; wind W; velocity 8 mllea per hour.
SPOKEN.
Per bark Andrew Welch— Lat '40 10 N. long
1S6 85 W. »chr Henry Wilson, hence July 29
for Grays Harbor.
DOMESTIC PORTS . .
ASTORIA— Sailed Aug . 20— Stmr Columbia,
A busy man doesn't object to a
woman with a history provided she
doesn't come Into his office and try to
sell it to him.
Movements of Steamers.
A large number of Futurity candi
dates were given an airing yesterday at
Union. Coursing Park in a stake for
non-winners. A number of promising
young greyhounds were shown.
The surprise of the day was the de
feat of Rocker Arm, the 1 to 15 choice,
by Camber, a son of Vandal. The
puppy led, and. although he won by a
9 to 6 score, he showed a lack of ex
perience. Confident, by Fetter Free,
and La Rosa, by Gambit, showed they
possessed class. Confident led the fast
Duhallow a length. \
Rose of Gold and Racing Auto are
the overnight favorites for the stake,
each being quoted at 8 to 1 in the long
odds book. Hudson and Crawford Belle
are each at 10.
For the class stake Barge is at 2 to
1; McVey at 3; Richard Anton, 4; Char
ter Member, 5; Rector, 6. The others
are at varyine odds up to 50. the latter
being thWFice about Renegade Apache.
The day's results, with Judge P. J.
Reilly's official scores, follow:
Non-Winners Stake — Stingaree a
bye. Fetterless, withdrawn; Don Pedro
beat Blaze, 12-10; Vandal beat Tom
Hurlick, 6-0; East Lake beat Emin
Bey, 4-3; .Tralee Lass beat The Delta,
5-1; False Alarm beat Texas Jim, 10
3; Confident beat Duhallow, 7-4; Tex
as Hoo Hoo beat Honiton, 14-10; Ado
nis beat Paul Dunbar, 3-2; Idleness
beat Cosette, 5-4; Amelia beat Intrud
er, 7-5; R W beat Blue Dillon, 4-0;
Ml Amigo beat Margaret, 7-1; Colored
Lady beat Texas Betty, 6-0; J R beat
Bonnie Pasha, 7-5; Sylvester beat Rich
Argosy, 9-7 ; Good as Gold beat Sky
Van, 5-0; Flaunt beat John Heenan,
3-2; Belle Marie beat Panoche^ 4-1;
Yellowtail a bye, Happy Lad with
drawn; Lampre Eel beat Oregon, 10-0;
Pamona beat General Dewet, 3-2;
Golden Light beat Wait for Me, 8-6;
Crawford Belle a bye, First Shot with
drawn; Hudson beat Jack Doe, 4-0;
The Duke beat Slroc, 12-6; Sunny
brook beat Sir Lipton. 8-5; Sofala beat
Pagllacci, 6-3; Afcple Blossom beat
Spring Heels, 6-2; Rose of Gold beat
Rural Artist," 5-0 ; Humboldt beat Pete,
26-0; Amandon beat Icellus, 13-4;
Spanish Lad beat Piker, 24-5; Golden
Fortune beat Clydette, 6-1; Belfast
beat Pacific,. 9-1; Aeolus beat Wattles,
5-0; Tralee Maid beat Sampler, 8-0;
Texas Black Lips beat Amorina, 6-3;
Young Tommy., R beat Glitter, 3-0;
Dear Gaston beat Peter Mclntyre, 7-3;
Camber beat Rocker Arm, 9-6; Wild
i Norah beat Frisco Lad, 12-10; Don
nybrook beat Jimmy Anthony, 6-0;
Liberator a bye, Ruby Sankey with
drawn; Raby Amora beat Shadow;
Racing Auto a bye, Ramona with
drawn; Cubanola beat. Secretive, 8-5;
Fearless .Lad beat War Cry, 7-4; La
Rosa beat Fortunate Dawn, 18-0; Old
Ironsides beat The; Coroner, 5-0; Ad
vance Guard beat Gallet, 11-4; Mickey
Free:beat Little Klamath, 9-3; Orsina
beat Remlsso ' Animo, .6-3; D ¦ R beat
Lydia, 16-11; Flower -Girl beat Silver
Cloud, 7-2 ;' Rapid Water beat . Beluga,
21-4: : - "" " ' v c J .V--
The tennis players took advantage of
the good weather yesterday and the
courts were crowded throughout the
day. Many practice matches were
played by the cracks, who are condi
tioning themselves for the coming
championship tournaments. The Hardy
brothers and Drs. Hill and McChesney
put up a fine exhibition in doubles. Dr.
Sumner Hardy and Dr. McChesney
played together, while Dr. Samuel
Hardy and Dr. Hill joined forces. Two
long deuce sets were played, each side
winning one. Hardy and McChesney
won the first set, S— 6, and Hardy and
Hill the second. 10—8. All of the games
were close and the rallies were long.
Sam Hardy and McChesney were off in
their play, but their partners did great
work. Sumner Hardy was invincible
at the net and killed lobs from all parts
of the court.
Herbert Schmidt made his reappear
ance after an absence of two months.
He was considerably out of practice.
Harry Rolfe won three sets from him
easily.
Al Kenyon essayed to beat W. Knowl
ton, the New Zealand champion, with
odd3 of 30. The handicap proved a
trifle too large, as Knowlton won two
sets straight and then three out of five.
Kenyon played a good uphill game in
the second match. After losing the
first two sets he took the third and
fourth and almost won the fifth.
The scores follow: Merle Johnson
beat Melville Long, 6—4, 6—2, 6—1; Har
old Gabriel beat Judge Troutt, 6—4,
6—3, 6—0: W. Knowlton (30) beat Al
Kenyon, 6 — i, 6—3; Harry Rolfe and
Herbert Schmidt beat Dr. Hill and Dr.
Younger, 6—2; W. Murphy beat Hans
Lisser, 7—5, 13—11; Dr. McChesney and
Dr. Sumner Hardy tied Dr. Hill and
Dr. Sam Hardy, 8—6, 8—10; B. Nourse
and Harry Butler beat Frank Mitchell
and Dr. Younger, 6 — I, 6—3, 4—6, 7—5;
Gus- Lisser beat W. Little, 6—3, &— 6,
2_6, 6— 1, 6—4; Nourse beat W. S. Mac-
Gavin, 6—3, 6—4; M. Long beat Butler,
6—2, 6—4; R. Drolla tied Harry McAfee,
1—6, 6—1; Harry Rolfe beat Herbert
Schmidt, 6—2, 6 — 1, 6—2; Butler and
Rolfe beat Dr. Younger and Mitchell,
6^-2; Gabriel beat Drolla, 6—2, 6— 1.
The attendance at the Park courts
yesterday was large and there were
some interesting matches. Two exhi
bition games were played and the
young ladies of the Golden Gate Club
held a try-out for the San Rafael tour
nament. Eight of the club's players
competed and some of the matches
were close. The honor of represent
ing the club in the championship tour
nament fell to Miss A. Vodden.*. She
won the tournament without losing a
set. In the final match she beat Miss
G. Myer easily, the score being 6-3,
6-2.
¦ The closest match was that between
Miss Vera Beyfuss and Miss Ida
Mearns. Miss Beyfuss won, but by a
small margin. ' She met with an ac
cident in her next match and was
Miss M. Worcester beat Miss V.
Crocker, 6-3, 6-3; Miss A. Vodden beat
CAMBER PROVES
A FAST PUPPY
PLATERS CROWD
TENNIS COURTS
Miss A. Beyfuss, 6-1, 6-2; Miss V. Bey
fuss beat Miss I. Mearns, 9-2, 2-6, 5-4:
Miss G. Myer beat Miss D. Myer, 6-0,
6-4.
Second round — Miss Vodden beat
Miss Worcester, 6-0, 6-2; Miss Myer
beat Miss Beyfuss, S-6 (withdrew).
Finals — Miss Vodden beat Miss Myer,
6-3, 6-2.
Two fast exhibition matches were
played, one in mixed doubles and the
other a lady's single. In the former
Miss Mary Ratcliffe and Charles Dun
lap won two sets from Miss Ethel Rat
cliffe and K.' X. Whitney. The score
was 8-6, 8-2. PUiy was exceedingly
close in the first set and the tenni3
was good.
Miss Ethel Ratcliffe played two In
teresting 1 sets with Miss Mary Rat
cliffe, both of which were close. The
former won by a ucore of S-6, 6-4.
Makes Splemiid Passage.
The American bark Homeward Bound,
CajAain Thompson, which arrived Fri
uy r.ight from Antwerp, made a splen
di<l passage, coming from the Old
Yw'orld yort in 127 days. The Homeward
Bound was formerly the German Ehlp
Utto.GilderaeiEter. and her arrival here
some yearb ago long after hope for her
had been abandoned is still remem
bered by the reinsurance speculators,
¦who thought they had cleaned up a
handsome profit. They had bought her
'"to arrive" at SO per cent, and there was
j?re-at rejoicing when the overdue ship,
dismantled and barnacled, came limp
lr?s into port. Joy was shortlived,
however, as the vessel was declared a
constructive loss, and en that basis the
speculators were compelled to settle.
«
War %'esscls Are Coining,
The flagship New York and the other
l'CHsels of the Pacific f-iuadron are on
their v.ay here and should be at an
chcr in man-of-war row to-mor
row. It is some time since there
has betn anything like a fleet of var
vtfcsels in the harbor, and" people whose
imcro^t in the navy has been aroused
by the work of the Navy League nave
of latp had few opportunities of vLait
ing Uncle Sam's fighting machines. Ail
of 'the vessels except probably the So
taee will be open to visitors. Lieuten
ant Commander A. G. Rogers, execu
tive officer of the Solace, objects to
civilian visitors on a navy vessel. The
last time the Solace was here he issued
orders that only friends of the ship's
officers be a'lowed on board, and the
rr.ar!ne guard taw that his orders v.'era
car: kd out to the letter. *
Will Visit Martinez.
.The steamer H. J. Corcoran will make
a : racial run today to Martinez, leav
ing the foot of Clar street at 9:30 a. m.
c. nd calling at Mare Island and Glen
Cove. The Corcoran has ju:;t been over
hauled and is now speedier than ever.
«
Two I>akc » it: il i i-tcamers Sold.
The two lake-built steamers Minne
tor.ha. and Mir.newaska, both well
known here, have been sold at auction
la Cleveland. Ohio. They were bid In
by the American Shipbuilding Com
pany at the upset price of $423,000.
Hamburg. $1298. The leading exports were
ae follows:
To Mexico — 100 cs canned salmon, 2000 lbs
lard. S3 cs assorted canned goods. 392 lbs
butter, 190 crts potatoes, 20 crts onions, 753
lbs cheese. 56 pkgs fresh fruits, 10 pkgs gro
ceries and provisions. 50 bxs paste, 20 ce
bread. 125 flasks quicksilver. 9925 lbs tallow.
7 pkgs machinery, 3 colls rope, 0 pkgs paints
ar.d oils. 1120 lbs borax, 2 bales leather. 6
bdls 3 bars iron, 1000 lbs sodium. G cs coal
oil. 10 boiler tubes.
To Central America— 175S bb!s flour, 82.612
lbs rice. 104S gals wine, 0 cs liquors, 3« cs
beer, C6 cs whisky 69 cs assorted canned
goods. 37 pkgs fresh fruits, 1373 lbs 4 cs
spleen. 19€2 lb» meals. 18 pkgs paete, 656
Ibe raleins. 13 cs table preparations. 530 lbs
2 cs bread, 06 pkgs potatoes, 10 pkgs onions,
332 lbs cheese. 111 pkgs groceries and provis
ions 2S9 lbs dried fruit, 1370 lbs 1 cs tea,
K53 lbs ham and bacon, 200 lbs lard. 43.410
lbs tallow. 7 pkgs drugs. 151 pkgs paints and
oils, 23 pkgs pipe. 25 bbls cocoanut oil, 2061
lbs zinc. 4480 lbs cyanide, 5 coils rope. 125
Eteel rails. 15 pkgs railroad material. 10 bdls
oars 22,558 lbs «*ia. 0573 lbs silicate. 2
launches, 7 bdls leather, 58 pkgs dry goods.
22 cs coal oil, 17 pkgs machinery. 297 sks
coal, C9 pkgs Iron, 15 pra wheels, 6 bbls 15
cs lubricating oils, 230 kegs powder, « pkg3
acid 80,080 feet lumber.
To Panama— 250 bbls flour. ISO crts onions,
170 crts potatoes. 5 cs mineral water.
To New York — 58.551 gals wine. 4S00 lbs rice.
10 cs canned fruit. 72,027 lbs wool, 1 pkg
m«' s hir.fry.
To Ecuador — 25 bbls flour.
To Hamburg — 4 cs Ehells.
« 1
\ Cargo for Honolulu.
The barkentine Archer was cleared yesterday
for Honolulu with an assorted cargo, valued at
$17,215, and including the following:
1<X> bbls flour. 1S96 ctls barley, 35,000 lbs
salt, 1J>93 bales hay, C6 ctls wheat. 2018 lbs
middlings f.5,246 lbs bran. aO6 ctls corn, 40. IDS
lbs beans,' 100 cs bottled beer, 20 cs table prep
arations. 125 lbs 2 cs bread, 2160 lbs meals,
50. 1M lbs sugar, 50 cs canned goods, 5 bbls
vinegar 47 ctls oats 14.2S1 lbs lead, 50 bbls
lime, 1*. pkgs nails, C crts roofing paper, 2
pkirs pumps. 23,240 lbs fertilizer. 339,070 lbs
bituminous rdck, 133 ca oils. 25 bales oakum,
50<Xt fire bricks. 130 pkge paints. 135 cs soap.
50 bbls extracts, 2073 posts, 40 cs candles.
2133 lbs solder, 2008 lbs copper, 1168 lbs
tin. 2 bulls.
for San Francisco. Aug 10 — Stmr Aberdeen,
for San Francisco; stmr Whittier. with barge
Santa Paula in low for San Francisco.
SAN' PEDRO — Arrived Aug 19 — Stmr Santa
Barbara, from Redondo.
Sailed Aug 19 — Stmr Shasta, for San Fran
cisco. Aug 20 — Stmrs Marshfleld and Santa.
Barbara, for San Francisco; tug Wizard, .for
Ean Francisco.
Arrived Aug 20— Schr Winslow. from Grays
Harbor.
PORT ANGELES— Arrived Aug 20— Schr
Susie M Plummer. from Nome.
Sailed Aug 20 — Schr Susie M Plummer,
for .
BANDON — Arrived Aug 19— Stmr Chico. he
Aug 16.
MARSHFIELD— Arrived Aug 20— Stmr Ar
oata, hence Aug 17.
SANTA BARBARA— Arrived Aug 20— Stmr
South Bay. from Eureka.
TATOOSH— Passed Aug 20 — Nor etmr Tel
lus. hence Aug 10 for Ladj-Fmith.
Passed out Aug 20 — Stmr Leelanaw, from
Seattle for Astoria.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Aug 20— Bark Al
bert, for Hilo; echr J M Colman, for San
Pedro.
Sa:led Aug 20 — Schr Admiral, for San Pedro.
TACOMA— Sailed Aug 20— Stmr San Mateo,
for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived Aug 20 — Jap stmr Ka
nagawa Maru, from Yokohama via Victoria;
stmr City of Topeka. from Skagway.
Sailed Aug 20 — Stmr Geo Loomis. for San
Francisco.
Arrived Aug 20 — Stmr Olympla, from Nome.
COSMOPOLIS— Sailed Aug 20— Stmr Homer,
for San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived Aug 20— Schr Dora
Bluhm hence Aug 12; stmr Lakme. hence
Aug 18.
Sailed Aug 20— Stmr Corona, for San Fran-
COOS BAY— To sail Aug 21— Stmr Arcata.
for San Francisco.
Arrived Aug 20^ — Schr Melancthon, hence
Aug 3.
UELLINGHAM— Sailed Aug 20— Stmr Rain
ler. for San Francisco.
CRESCENT CITY— Sailed Aug 10— Stmr
Newsboy, for San Francisco. Aug 20 — Stmr
Coquille River, for San Francisco.
WESTPORT— Sailed Aug 20— Stmr West
port for San Francisco <
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Aug 20— Stmr Bruns
wick, for San Francisco, with the barge Tidal
W r ave in tow.
Arrived Aug 20— Stmr James S Higglns he
Aug 19.
EASTERN PORTS.
ISLAND PORTS.
DELAWARE BREAKWATER— Sailed Aug
19 — Ship 1 F Chapman, for New York.
MANILA — Arrived Aug 15 — Ger gtmr Sam
bia. from Hamburg.
KAHULUI— Arrived Aug 10— Bktn Hawaii,
from Port Gamble
MAHUKONA— Sailed Au» 8— Schr H C
Wright, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
MAZATLAN— Sailed Aug 18 — Stmr City of
Panama, for San Francisco
HAMBURG— Sailed Aug 17— Ger ship
Flottbek, for Santa Rosalia.
ISLE OF WIGHT— Passed Aug 18— Br ehlp
Colonial Empire, from Antwerp for San Fran
cisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS,
BRISBANE— Sailed Aug 17— Br stmr No
mea. - for west coast of South America via
Newcastle, Aus.
ALGIERS— Sailed Aug 1C — Br stmr Pharsa-
Ua. for Boston.
ADELAIDE — Arrived Augr 19 — Br stmr Tre
bla. from Manila for Delaware Breakwater.
JUNIN— Arrived July 11— Schr Lottie Ben
nett, from Vancouver
NANAIMO — Sailed Aug 20 — Br stmr Wye
field for San Francisco.
LADY8MITH— galled Augr 18— Schr Snow &
Burg-ess, for Nome.
HONGKONG— Arrived Aus 2O— Br stmr
Gaelic, hence July 20.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived Aug 20— Stmr Grower
Kurfurst, from New York; stmr Philadelphia
from New York.
PART OF LARGE FLEET WHICH PASSED IN THROUGH THE GOLDEN GATE |
YESTERDAY AND ANCHORED OFF MEIGGS WHARF. BETWEKN SUN
RISE AND DARK MORE THAN TWO DOZEN ARRIVALS REPORTED.
The surprise of the running at In
gleside Coursing Park yesterday was
the d\efeat of Sir Winton by Star Syl
vanus. The talent made Winton a
1 to 5 favorite. He never had a look
in, being defeated pointless. This is
an unusual occurrence for a top
heavy favorite to be shut out.
The victory of Jerry Wright over
Carlow Boy was another . disastrous
upset to the form players. Carlow
Boy sold a l*to 4 favorite. This was
a false price to lay against Jerry. He
is not unusually fast, but there is no
chance for the other dog when he
once gets possession of the hare.
Galveston and Young Fearless are
running in splendid form and barring
hard trials and fluky luck they will
come near getting the long end of the
coin. Following are the day's re
sults with Judge John Grace's official
Open stake first round — Plcadilly
beat Humbig. 7-2; Pure pearl beat
Brewery Maid, 14-1; Wedgewood beat
Laboring Boy, 3-1*. Rlchochat beat
Ella May, 7-3; Hot Patti beat Manru,
3-2; Craig Lad beat Frisky Boy, 4-2;
Lucky Shamrock beat Free Costa, 4-3;
Miss Brummel beat Smiler, 2-0; Her
mit beat Loretta, 8-7; Equator beat
Budding Rose, 13-6; Bright Fortune
beat Creole Belle, 6-0; Star Sylvanus
beat Sir Winton, 4-0; Galveston beat
Hera, 7-0; Drifting Down beat Roy
Hughle, 14-8; Rocklin Boy beat Roll
ing Boer, 11-7; Glaucus beat Rush
away, 7-5; Golden Garter beat Beauty
Gold. 10-5; Young Kerry Pippin beat
Peerless Patti, 10-1; Laughing Water
beat Croix D, 6-2; Free From Flaw
beat Fretter, 10-5; Queen's Motto beat
Cavelette, 4-1; Sunny South beat Maid
o'Gowrle, 6-0; Fairy Belle beat Miss
Green, 12-7; Doreen beat Lord Mel
bourne, 6-3; Fiddler beat Balendine,
11-6; Lady Russell beat Mount Eagle,
10-6; Forest Fire beat Mellinwood,
6-2; Jerry Wright beat Carlow Boy,
4-3; Eagle Bird beat Mark Twain,
14-4; Butte City beat Bright Future,
6-0; Medea beat Hot Shot, 16-6: Run
away Actress beat Golden Feather,
16-7; Ragged Actor beat The Mist,
3-1; Young Fearless' beat Young'Kla
math, 4-2; Frank Dunn beat Haughty
Helen, 4-3; High Born beat Lady
Menlo, 5-0: Gallant Glancer beat Had
dington, 6-0; Modesto Boy beat Gun
lire, 12-5; Annie Ryne beat Gallant
Tipperary, 6-1; Young Johnny Rex
beat Prometheus, 8-6; Summer Girl
beat Bashagen. 14-2; Algle McDonald
beat Belle Crlbon, 16-0; Vina beat
Jack Short, 6-3; Little Mercy beat
Fire Brick, 10-3; Luxury beat Ivy
Powell, 18-11; McHenry beat Oulda,
4-0; Lucy Clair beat Red Hot, 13-6;
Commercial Traveler beat Royal Spir
it, 24-11.
* _ —4.
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
1 e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at
6 p. m. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. in chars*.
Should Give a Good Account
of Himself in the Open
Stake at Ingleside Park
Flora early yesterday morning until
sundown a procession of vessels of all
sorts and sizes came blowing In
through the Golden Gate. Quarantine
and custom-house officials had a busy
day and long before dark the anchor
age off Meiggs wharf was crowded as
it has not been for many days.
The arrivals numbered more than
v.vo dozen and included twelve coasting
schooners, most of them lumber laden
and nearly all from northern ports;
two barks, one barkentine. a ship and
half a dozen steam schooners.
The- ship was the Thornliebank,
reventy-iilne days from Newcastle,
Australia, with a cargo of coal, 3279
tons of IL
The barks Andrew Welch and Emily
"VVnitisey brought sugar from Hawaiian
ports and the Bchooner General Ban
ning was loaded with cedar logs from
Soledad.
Thcfcnas Crov.iey on the Guide, flag
ship of the gasoline launch fleet, choo
c-hooed closer to the Emily F. Whitney
while the was in quarantine than the
Federal law allows. Surgeon Cumming,
head of the quarantine service, gave
chase in the General Sternberg. No
Khots were fired across the launch's
bow, but a capture was effected, Crow-
K.<y was taken aboard the quarantine
steamer and a prize crew placed in
charge of the Guide. Launch and
owner iverc taken to Angel Island,
urfiere the powers that administer the
quarantine laws had a heart-to-heart
t^lk with the head of the gasoline
launch trust. Crowley explained that
his proxttnity to the Whitney was due
to a temporary derangement of the
optic nerves, which prevented his see
is£ the yellow flag. He promised to
be good in the future. His promise
was noted, but- before restoring his
freedom the doctors gave Crowley what
in quarantine -circles is known as the
ninety-seventh degree.
His clothes were taken away, boiled
in disinfectants and then dried in a
'fame-filled oven. While this was going
on 'two strong attendants gave the
launch magnate an anti-plague bath.
"V^hen.he left, the island his shoes,
¦which had been boiled and roasted with
the rest of his wearing apparel, pinched
BSdiy ami the fashionably cut blue suit
in which he had stepped ashore was a
pad, purple colored thing that clung
closely to form and limb. A brown
necktie had turned pink and his watch
had stopped at 11:15 o'clock.
i *T11 remember, doctor," said Crow-
Icy as the Guide moved away from the
Quarantine station wharf.
GALYESTON RUNS WELL
Form Players Lay Big Odds
on Sir Winton, but He Is
Defeated Without Scoring
• • *
• More Than Two Dozen Craft of All Sorts and Sizes Pass
Through Golden Gate and Anchorage Off Meiggs
Wharf Is Crowded as It Has Not Been for Months
LARGE NUMBER OF SAILING
VESSELS COME INTO PORT
STAR SYLVANUS
UPSETS TALENT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, ¦ SUNDAY, AUGUST • 21, 190*:
37
©•©©®«O«OOO©©OO9O©OOOO©09OO3©OOOOOO3©©©OOOOO3©OOOO9OOOOOOO«©OOOOOOO
0 9
% Come Drink of the Spring of Youth, the Source of Happiness! It Is Electricity as
S Given by Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt!
• ¦ . . . . ¦ ' : ¦
¦¦ 4*Jr *m* HJr 1 V m III j-^ -¦
w § _* Jf%. 0 -I I f f I _L 1 SBm : S_Ef
I To Men Who feel
!i Strength Is Wasted ' iSM '
S To Men With Pains and Aches 6^ -^gpHBH
\i ¦
j To men who have from any cause lost the buoyant spirits, the courage and confidence which
• belong to the perfect man. To you I offer new life, fresh courage and freedom from the effects of
2 the past.
; e Show me the man who would not be a better man than he is. It matters not how the rocks
; ® and shoals of life have worn the edge off the spirit of joyousness, have dulled the enthusiasm of
1 youth >and left the nerves less vigorous, the eye less bright, the step less springy, the mind less
. • forceful and the general vitality less powerful than they ought to be at your age; you want to be
' S strong. Electricity applied my way makes men feel young.
i g • ¦ • '
I q I want to talk to men \vho have pains and aches, who feel ran down physically, who realize that
the old "fire" and energy which were so evident in youth are absent now; men who can't stand the
0 amount of exertion they could years ago. I want you — if that means you — to see what I have done for
O others who were just as bad off. That's my introduction. If a friend in whom you had confidence pre-
• sented some one to you and said: "Jack, here's Brown; he has made good with me, and I trust him,"
® wouldn't you trust him, too?
2 Mr. Arnold F. Berfi of Marshall, Marin County, Cal., sent this reply to a man who asked him what
5 I had done for him:
a "In answer to your letter regarding my opinion of Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt, would say that it is a godsend
q gift to all suffering humanity. In my case I was a long time sufferer from weak back and vital weakness. It cured
Z me entirely in a few weeks, and since using it I am like a new man. The Belt does not burn or blister the skin. All
J? you can feel is a gentle, invigorating glow, which strengthens the weakened tissues, and there is no reaction, as
J* some people think. I gladly recommend it to you and pledge you my word it is all they claim."
• Now, if you 1 don't feel right, I can cure you with my Electric Belt. If you are full of rheumatic
0 pains, I can knock them out. I can pour oil into your joints and limber them up. I have often said that
, • pain and electricity can't live in the same house, and I prove it every day.
• Mr. L. J. Barnett of Tillamook. Ore., writes: "Your treatment certainly does what no other can. for It has cured
© me. I cannot praise the Belt too highly and gladly recommend it in any case of vital weakness."
2 If It were not for the prejudice due to tlie srreat number of fakes In the land Z would not te able to ftardla the
! 2 business that wonld come to me. The "Free Belt" fraud and the "Free Draff" scheme, which are not free at all, havo
9 mads every one skeptical, bat I know that I have a rood thinsr, and I'll hammer away .until yon know it.
2 One thing every man ought to know is this: Your body is a machine. It runs by the steam in
I S your blood and nerves. When you begin to break down in any way you are out of steam. That's just what
: 9 I want to give you back.
O I have a cure In every town. Tell me where yon live, and I will srive yon the name of a man I've cured.
• Tell me your trouble, and I will tell you honestly whether I can cure you or not. If I can't care
5 you I don't want your money. I have been in this business 24 years, and I am the biggest man in it to-
S day by long odds, and I am growing yet, because I give every man all he pays for.
q Now, wouldn't you rather wear my life-giving, appliance while you sleep every night, and feel its
O glowing warmth pouring into you and feel yourself taking on a new lease of life with each application
O than clog your intestines up with a lot of nauseous drugs? Surely. Try me.
9 Mr. Abraham Spady of Alcatraz, Cal., writes: "I am cured of all my former ailments, and you have my heart-
© felt gratitude for what your treatment has done for me."
S If you will come and see me I'll explain it to you. If you can't call, let me send you my book, full
S of the things a man finds inspiring to strength and courage. Free if you send this ad.
• HP M C Mr I A I Id HI IN 906 MARKET 5T.
O L/IV. 1T1* We Li\\*,l^r\KJ VJII I JL,11 I. Above Ells, Can rrarciaco, C=Z.
.. Office Hours — S a. m. to S p. m. ; Sundays, 10 to 1.
©©©©••••©••©•©•••••••©••©•••••••••©•©•••••••••••^•••©©o©©©oo©o©©©©<
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WE'RE LEADERS IN OUR LINE!
The best, most reliable and cp-
to-date installment tailoring hotise
in town. Prices always reasonable.
Payments $1.00 per week.
A. B. Smith Co.,
116 Ellis, above Powell.
?iJ&SM^Jb0*-l I CURED
V&lvP^S 2£l y Fn Quickly and n«w
US |i| S li.'e ar.d eaerffT
. L' J*&\ ' il \>* « <*« vel °P* <1 ta th *
CCVl^r-- > : • • '•-','. 3 aged, as wall as
«J£ K^* /*Vf V ' l|l g young raea, by our
[i "t:» ".-i ([S&g Perfected Vacatca
Q| f .• -,\ I "*< Treatment. Also
Ok. r~''/\ *"¦ .1 CJ speedily eurea ail
#- / \ ., I Vim drains, Vartcocele.
«/^ I-Y V I 9 J~Q» Stricture, Pretna-
O. Vt WJ *""«O ture De ca T . Proa-
O I I TfT S|"325 Utlc Enlargement.
rr^ \J fl I i r^UJ etc., etc We want
•21 jl 1 1 5 W^ every VTEAK or
b5 // H c <£;l cndeveloped
c^ ** !¦&. to caU * n<i
\3 investigate our
treatment and eet a coDy of our illustrated
j J^k free Books s!ven out only at our offlce.
w« kr/ known to be strictly reliable special-
?sw tnd CURE AlT PTSEASES OF 1IBN by
modern methods Consultation, examlnatloa
™d free. Call JmmedUtely.
Hcurs? S^of Sundays. 10 to 1. IMPROVED
YACCCMCO, 6 CFarreU it., Saa ITaaclacowHENLEY HAS CURYTES WHICH
Vi CLEVELAND CANNOT HIT
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND, Aug. 20.— The follow
ing marriage licenses were issued by
the County Clerk to-day: Harry E.
Frick. over 21, and Alfreda L. Gard
ner, over 18, both of Oakland; Henry
OrlofT, SO. and Hannah Gressot, 16,
both of Oakland; Le Roy A- r Silsbee,
over 21, and Evelyn HusbanU; . over
18, both of Oakland; Manuel Camara,
22. and Maria Freitas. 16. both of
Haywards.
Clarence Mackay Is Out of Racing.
SARATOGA, N. T. t Aug. 20.—-Clar
ence H. Mackay, who withdrew his
horse race entries on the death of his
father, will not again take up the
sport. His colors will not be seen
again on the turf. His many business
duties in connection with the proper
tics under his control take up so much
of his time that he does not deem it
expedient to again enter Into active
racing.
FRIEXDLY TO MORMONS.
LA GRANDE, Or., Aug. 20.— P. H.
Holzhelmer of Pocatello, Idaho, who
was here yesterday, stated that he had
written a letter to C. H. Jackson, chair
man of the Idaho Democratic State
Central Committee, tendering his resig
nation as nominee for Congressman. He
said he resigned because of the fact
that conditions have arisen since his
nomination regarding the Mormon
question that make it appear that: a
campaign is to be waged against the
Mormons in that State, and he feels
that he cannot do justice to his party
and wage a. war of that kind.
XEEDHAM. IS INDORSED.
MERCED, Aug. 20.— The Republicans
to-day, in • their county convention,
heartily indorsed Congressman Need
ham, Governor Pardee and President
Roosevelt.
R. Baxter. Henry Nelson and W. E.
Bunker were nominated for Super
visor**
Pat Morrissey Is Destroyed.
PORTLAND. Aug. 20.— In the sixth
race to-day Pat Morrlssey was cut
down Just before he reached the post
and had to be shot The stewards of
the Multnomah Fair Association in
response to a vigorous demand have
decided to extend the present . meet
two weeks and instead of ending a
upek from to-day will end September
10.
LAKEPORT, Aug. 2O.—The Demo
cratic county convention was held at
Lakeport to-day and the . Republicans
convened at Keleeyville. The Demo
crats nominated C. M. Crawford for
Superior Judge to fill an unexpired
term. J. W. Boggs. Roy Coata, W. W.
Greene and Edward Hunt were named
as delegates to the State Convention.
Theodore A. Bell was indorsed for Con
gress. " - %7
The Republican convention nominated
M. S. Bayre, Incumbent, for Superior
Judge and the following delegates to
the State convention: Thomas Hen
derson. O. W. R. Tredway and J. I*
Read. The delegation Is for D. E. Mc-
Kinlay of Santa Rosa for Congress.
DELEGATES SELECTED.
OAKLAND, Ang. 20. — A new de
parture in musical recitals is to be
given by William Ap Madoc at Hamil
ton Hall at Thirteenth and Jefferson
streets in this city next Monday even
ing. Under the head of what he calls
a musico-literary recital the lecturer
will illustrate the voice In song and
speech with the poets and tone mas
ters.
Ap Madoc is musical director of the
Chicago high schools and vocal . 1n
etructor of the • Sherwood Music
School. He Is also adjudicator of the
World's Fair choral contests. It \m
1 stated that these recitals are a de
sirable departure in the cause of lit
erary and musical education.
XOTED IXSTltUCTOIt TO GIVE
MUSICO-L.ITEKARY RECITAL
Mining Stocks.
SAX FRAXCISCO STOC& EXCHAXQB.
Following werV th« sales on th» San Tr*m-
Cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Alpha 19| 200 Hal» A Nora. OT
200 Alpha 20' 200 Mexican M
600 Belcher 26 100 Ophlr ........2 65
ICO Bullion S.1| 700 Overman ..... 24
4CO Caledonia ... 631 «V 0 Potosl ....... 19
3GO Caledonia ... 54 * 100 Sava*» ..,._. 34
100 Caledonia ... 55 800 Savag* ...... 23
400 Challenge Con 2C .too Seg Belcher .. 00
100 Con C & Va.l 20 200 Sierra Ner .. 27
2TXO Con Imp-rial. 02 250 Sierra Xt .. 29
2CO Crown Point. 20 200 SUt«t Hill .. 04
SCO Gould & Cur. 23 800 Uoloa Con .. 43
PACIFIC STOCK KACHAJfOa
Following wers the sale* on ts»» P*et3a
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Alpha 13 SCO Mexican ...... M
2C0 Best eft Belch. 88 200 Mexlcaa M
2<)0 Bullion 34 300 Ophlr 2 «O
20<> Bullion » 33i 20O Overman 23
400 Caledonia ... SJI Cno Overmaa 24
200 Caledonia ... 54 100 Savag* 24
100 Con C & Va.1 20 200 Saraga 2S
2CO Crown Point. 10 2000 Seg Belcher .. 1»
eCO Jclta 13 200 Sierra Nev .. 27
100 Julia 12 500 Union Con .. 43
TON'OPAn MINING EXCHANOB.
Following were the tales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session. ' ' -
ZCX* Adams Gold. CS| 100 TUr A O'Brien 00
4CO Adams Gold. CO; 3200 Red Top .... 13
r.i'ii Esperanza ... 021 9000 Red Top .... 14
linn Esperanza ... 031 100 Red Top .... IS
ICO Goldfleld 00| TOO Ton Belmont.. 63
BOO Gold Ton .. 12' 500 Ton Belmont.. M
111)0 MacNamara . 40! §00 Ton Ex ...1 m,
.".00 MacXamara . 41! 200 Ton Gold M. 2«>
1000 MacNamara . 4.".l 300 Ton Midway.. 41
10OO Paymaster .. C4 ICrt Ton N Star.. 2«
10CO Paymaster .. 05| 100 Toft X Star.. 27
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY. Auj;. 20—12 m.
Cld.Ask.i Bid. Art.
Alrha 1» 20|Justlce 11 12,
Alta 1-t !•*• Kentuck 01 T2
Andes . '. 23 211 Kevea riraes. . — 75
Belcher 27 2«| Lady Wash ..04 03
Best & Belch. SS 8Si Mexican OS 'X
Pulllnn XI "4i Occidental ... Srt SS
CalWonla ... W S«l Ophlr 2 «> 2 W
Challenge Con 2S 27; Overman ..... Zl 24
Chollnr ...... 1" ISPctort ....;.. H 19
ronfl.ienc* ... "3 S0( Pcorplcn *>* «»
Con C & Va.l 1" 1 20! Farar* y. ;?
Con lmn<rlal. 02 Ki\ Peff Belcher .. Kt io
Con XT ..-..¦ 00 O*»Ri*rra Xev . . ?<? ?7
Cto-wp Pnlnt. 1* V.'. RUrer Hill .. .1* &•
K;«*t Slrrra N 0.1 rB ' St Louis 11 —
Fiir«-ka Con.. — SO' Syndicate 02 —
'¦ E-Tc % h' > q'!<T .. 74'; 751 Union COO .. 4T 4.T
Could & Cur. 2* 2SlTTt«h 10 1!
' HM* & Norc. «t «7| Yellow Jacket 23 21
Julia 12 13"
TONOPAH MINES. "
BM.Ask.1 Bid. Ask.
I Adums Gold. •« Ofl Pav Extcn .. — f!»
' r-olchpn ..... 0^ r *' * O'Brien —in
I rnlumbla ... — 2' *>a» " r onopah. — . IO
' *-»rora"ia ... 02 r-1' n*<i Top U 13
i T.u\<\ Con .. — nO'T^gcu" IO —
r n M A"**»r. yj 2"! Ton P»lr"rmt.. f* «4
rpM«»ct'i H.. 1* —I Ton * Cal... Irt —
PoWe''' >*"**. M 00) Ton Kxten ..t »^ 1 2>
rp»'*fl»''l If..', 1** — JT^n VTTfinr,. »', _
I Cr.'<J M Con. C2 — I Ton f O TT.. 02 —
I .Tim ni«1er. .. — 70»"»o»i **•%'.» M. 1!> ?*
I T.'tt'o Trn .. — «XT« n Ml^wav.. _ 4»
I T.ncVv Tom.. PT rnr-r n n ** v-v.< no * ia«
I »'<*«>K<»ir'»r«i . *~. 43' Ton N "*^r. . T r<<
vt» x - a >. v* . : ?rt . — ( -r«*, A «-»U L V» —
¦«r.-.-.» T-ij .2 S2 1 '. 2 ""> '"•»'»««1 "*#»t .. ffV. *. f 0
X Y Ton #} *4*.T r ~ • »*f ... 1«5 —
YREKA, Aug. 20.— The Democratic
County Convention met to-day. James
R. Tappscott, a leading lawyer, was
made chairman. The following dele
gates to the Congressional and district
conventions were elected: W. B. Shear
er, A. E. Iunker, James Donohue, H.
J. Barton, R. H. Dewitt, C. W. Nutting,
R. E. Fairchilds, O. A. Mott, George
W. Smith and E. L. Coonrod.
The Supervisorial nominations were
without incident except in the fourth
district, where Maurice Lewis, fqrmerly
a Supervisor, was defeated by one vote
by W. D. Mathews, a young farmer
and prominent Native Son. Ed O'Con
nor, a farmer of Little Shasta, was
nominated in the first district by ac
clamation. His opponent of the Re
publican ticket was A. D. Terwilliger,
his brother-in-law. Nathan Sawyer of
Squaw Valley was nominated in the
second district.
The platform asks for the establish
ment of three district courts of appeal,
and, like the Republican convention of
last week, for the establishment of an
experimental farm in connection with
the -university.' The forest reserve act
Is condemned.
CONVENE IN YREKA.
OAKLAND, Ang. 20. — H. A. C.
Kauffmann, a rancher living near Mel
rose, narrowly escaped death this aft
ernoon under the wheels of a nar
row gauge locomotive which struck
his ivagon at the corner of Third and
Webster streets, smashing the vehicle
to splinters and injuring both the
hcrses so badly that they had to be
shot. Kauffmann escaped from the
general wreck by a close margin, for
he leaped from the seat of his wagon
not five seconds before it was struck
by the pilot of the locomotive.
Kauflmann was on his way home
when the accident happened, and tried
to cross, the tracks just as the 1:45
o'clock p. m. train, southbound, ap
proached the crossing. He tried to
turn out of the way, but the horses
became unmanageable and a moment
later the crash followed. There is a
high fence on the corner where the
accident happened and this obscured
Kauffmann's view so tha£ he. did not
see the oncoming train until his horses
were almost on the track.
TRAIN RUNS DOWN TEAM
AND KILLS THE HORSES
Joseph R. Knowland was dug out. of
the Alameda city delegation, where he
was working .away for* the ibeneflt of
the party that had: so lately . honored
him, and Breed asked him to say-some
thing to ; his.; fellow delegates. Know
land.said:.. , .. ¦ . ; ; .'":-;£
"Governor George C. Pardee. has; told
i©u truly thai Alameda Couaty wiii
The appearance of the i Governor
was the signal for applause, . the
length and strength of which were' a
distinct compliment, even though it
came,frpm his own home.. The Gov
ernor had a few words to say about
his Eastern trip and about President
Roosevelt. He said:
. "I have been a sort 'of . exile 'from
my old home for the last two years,
and I have lived away from my old
friends to a certain extent under pro
test. Eut I am always glad to come
back and grasp the. hands of old
friends and see the old familiar faces.
' "I want to say a word tfbout our
great . standard "bearer, Theodore
Roosevelt. I have had' the honor of
talking to him very recently and I
was astonished to find how much he
knew not only about California, ' but
about Alameda County and Oakland.
I told him that the people of Alameda
County were always right and that
they, could be trusted to roll up the'old
time majority for the Republican
ticket, and as I look into the earnest
faces'. before, me I know; that I told
him the truth. -
"I am glad to be able to say a few.
words to you one more; I am glad to
be back in' Oakland again and to visit
my old home and my old friends. But
I shall, be doubly proud of Alameda
County .'if I see that next November
my old home has stood by the Repub
lican ticket from top to ¦ bottom."
KNOWLAND SPEAKS.
OAKLAND. Aug. 20. — The Repub
lican County Convention to-day 'de
veloped no trouble and plenty of en
thusiasm. The harmony of the event
augurs well for the success of the few
nominees that were placed before the
people. Governor George C. . Pardee
was present and made a little ad
dress to his townsmen. Joseph R.
Knowland, the new nominee of the
Republican party for Congress in the
Third District, came as a plain dele
gate from Alameda, doing his duty as
a member of the party and he had a
few words to say when he was haled
out of the mass of delegates on the
floor. The nominating addresses were
by prominent Republicans and alto
gether the gathering to-day was a
strong and earnest 'one.
Following the usual procedure the
convention was called to order by the
chairman of the • Republican County
Committee, Clarence Crowell. Crow
ell declared that the first duty of the
convention would be to invite Gover
nor ' Pardee to address them and he
appointed a committee to perform
this duty, composed of Frank K. Mott,
Mortimer Smith and Eugene Stephen
son. they were! carrying out
their duty the conventiorimtms organ
ized by the election of A; H. Breed as
chairman and Charles E. Thomas and
Ed S. Finch as secretaries. Breed said
a few words, predicting a tremendous
Republican majority, and then Gov
ernor Pardee was announced.
WARMLY RECEIVED."
The work of the convention was en
tirely divided into districts, for there
was not a single nominee -at- large in
.thef county. . There were three Super
vieetW t*'O StAl* Seaatore ana «evea
"We congratulate the country and
State in the selection of our neighbor
and friend, Victor H. — etcalf, as Sec
retary of Commerce and Labor in the
Cabinet of President Roosevelt, and
heartily indorse his selection for this
position, which has brought deserved
recognition to the State of California.
, "We Indorse the Hon. George C. Per
kins, our Senator*, and feel that his
splendid service in the affairs of the
nation has been truly representative of
the high ideals of his party and of the
growing Importance to -his State. ~
'?- "The State of California may well be
congratulated upon' the administration
of Governor Pardee. Every institution
and every industry has been given most
careful consideration. We recognize In
him a Governor whose constant aim is
to better the life of his people and pro
tect the interest of his State. .
"We heartily congratulate the Repub
licans of this district upon the selection
of the= Hon. Joseph R. Knowland . of
Alameda as their candidate, for Repre
sentative in the Congress of the United
States. His record in the Legislature
of this State' is one of which he may
well be proud, and his great experience
In public affairs Is well calcfiated to
make '.him a -worthy successor of the
Hon. Victor H. Metcalf. We. do hereby
pledge to him our enthusiastic and
loyal support, with the ' fuir assurance
that ho will '.honestly, .ably and falth
trict and protect their best interests.'V
fully represent the; people • of this dls
; .: XOiilNATIONS ARE MADE.
"Alameda County has been signally
honored. We have from our midst a
representative in the upper halls of
the national Legislature, the Hon.
George C. Perkins. We have from Al
ameda County as the h$ad of our State
government that upright citizen,
George C. Pardee. We have in the Cab
inet of the President of the United
States that earnest and untiring work
er, Victor H. Metcalf. What more could
Alameda County ask from the Repub
lican party... and Alameda County has
only to show its appreciation by giving
a big majority for Theodore Roosevelt
and the entire Republican ticket."
The convention then got down to
hard business and the usual commit
tees were appointed as follows:
Platform and resolutions— F. W.
Richardson, chairman; Joseph Dias, C.
L. Tilden, Frank Barnett, J. J. Allen,
R. D. Holmes, John Yule.
Credentials— A. H. Elliott, chairman;
J. N. Frank, Al KJIm, H. T. Hemp
stead, Charles Scholl, W. A. Donald
son, R. C. Staats.
Order of business— H. F. Brenner,
chairman; William Hammond Jr., F.
E. Brigham, B. O. Johnson, H. B.
Mehrmann, E. R. EMason, A. D. Smith.
The platform heartily indorsed the
platform of the Republican National
Convention and Theodore Roosqvelt for
President, and in regard to local per
ponages and« candidates said:
INDORSES LEADERS. ,
roll up a tremendous majority for The
odore Roosevelt and the Republican
ticket I feel convinced that never be
fore has there been such a united party
as at present. The opposition would
have you believe that there is internal
dissension and strife, but that is only a
trick of the enemy.
VENTURA, Aug. 20.— At the county
convention of the Democrats held to
day a full ticket was nominated. It
consisted of three Supervisorial candi
dates and an Assemblyman, the latter
to oppose Colonel D. T. Perkins, who
stands for Senator Bard. Strong reso
lutions were passed condemning Bard
for his action in denying statehood to
Arizona and opposing the election of
Senators .by direct vote of the people.
Major W. Moultrie of Santa Paula was
made the nominee for the Assembly,
while for Supervisors F. Hartman was
nominated In the First District,
Thomas Clark in the Third and Wil
liam Borchard.in the Fifth; ; / ¦ ¦]
The resolution regarding. Senator
Bard was a decided surprise to the
Bard people of the county, as It. had
been stated that the Democrats of the
county would not even nominate acan
didate to oppose the Bard candidate
for the Assembly. The friends of Sena
tor Bard feel sore over the incident and
call it an unnecessary and uncalled for
slap at the home man.
COAST POLITICS.
Commissioners Fill Place Miulo Vacant
by Retirement of Kentz — Chan^t's
in Fire Department.
OAKLAND; Aug. 20.— The Board of
Police and Fire Commissioners to-day
appointed Thorwald Brown a regular
patrolman in place of Carl E. Kentz.
resigned. Brown has been "acting"
regularly for several months, having
been appointed to take the' place of
Officer McCloy, who was retired tem
porarily on account of disability.
Charles E. Ford, a substitute, jmmj ap
pointed to take the place made ucant
by the promotion' of Brown.
The following appointments and
changes were made in the Fire De
partment: • .- "¦» •¦
Edward P. Cook, appointed foreman
of- the new- truck company- No. 4 for
the new Santa Clara avenue engine
house;- -.William- Cerlnl. steward in
Chemical Compahy 2, transferred to
driver of' Truck 4: V. Cavallo, sub
driver, promoted to steward Truck 4;
Robert Johnson, J. H. Barry, C W.
Dow, Lawrence O'Rourke, George
PJaner,. appointed extrameh. Truck 4 ;
Henry Sturm, transferred from extra
man, Engine 6, to . extraman In
Truck 4.
Henry Murray, sub-driver, pro
moted to steward,' Chemical 2. vice
Cerini, promoted.
D. A.' Kennedy appointed driver En
gine 7, vice George Messec, resigned.
W. J. Glover appointed sub-driver,
vice V. Cavallo, promoted. ,r; •
T. G. Derby appointed sub-driver,
vice C. Lamb, promoted.
William Rankin, extraman. pro
moted to sub-driver, vice H. Murray,
promoted.
F. J. Peters appointed extraman
Engine 6, * vice Henry Sturm, pro
moted.
William D. Sagehorn appointed ex
traman Truck 1, vice John Dolan, re
tired.
Martin Carroll appointed extraman
Engine 2, vice W. Rankin. promoted.
' -»-
ington put up two poorly played
games to-day. Attendance 3600.
Score:
First . game — R. H. E.
Washington 1 7- 6
Detroit 12 15 1
Batteries — Wolfe and Kittredge;
Keller and Drill.
Second game — R. H. E.
Washington 4 0 3
Detroit . a - 7 0
' Batteries — Patten and Kittredge;
Kitson and Seville. :
?;.; '.(NATIONAL LEAGUE.)
• CINCINNATI, Aug. 20.— Then thou
sand children saw to-day's garrt: as
the guests of the clubs. Hahn was hit
harder than Frazer, but won hjs game
through. superior support. Attendance
l?,000. Score:
Cincinnati 2 3 2
Philadelphia L 10 3
Batteries — Hahn and "chlei;' Fra
zer and Dooin. Umpire — Kennedy.
CHICAGO. Aug. 20.— Both Wicker
and McNichol put up a hard right, but
the former, though hit harder, had the
better support. Tenney was put out of
the game for objecting to a decision.
Attendance. 7300. Score:
R. H. E.
Chicago 1 4 2
Boston 0 8 2
Batteries— Wicker and Kling; Mc-
Nlchols and Moran. Umpire — Zimmer
ST. LOUIS. Aug. 20.— The ground was
\yet and this made good fielding out of
the question. Scanlon was unsteady
and had to be taken out in the fifth
with the bases full. Nichols was hit
freely, but kept his game well in hand.
Attendance, 5900. Score:
-- • - IL. H. E.
St. Louis j 10 4
Brooklyn .'..:.. 3 \q 2
Batteries— Nichols and Grady; Cro
nin, Scanlon and Bergen. Umpires—
1 Carpenter and Moran.
PITTSBURG, Aug. 20. — PittSburg
could do nothing with Mathewson, but
errors were responsible for all of New
York's, runs. The game was called on
account of rain. Attendance. 8C00.
Score:
R. H. ,-E.
Pittsburg 0 3 • 3
New York 5 7 1
Batteries— Flaherty. Leever and Car
isch; Mathewson and Bower man. Um
plrc*—Joliastoae and ~Kni^l«v
THORWALD BROWN MADE
REGUIiAR POLICE OFFICER
POWDER.
Giant — a IVigortt — 9
SUGAR,
Hawaiian C. 85% 59 | Makaw.U C. 28ti :«H
Honokaa. S C MS 13 | Onomca S C. 23 SO
icr'a^ea's'c 1 ™ lOfclPaauhau S C. 13£ 14
MI3CELLANEOC3. "
Alaska P A. 123 — f Oceanic 8 Co. — «u
Cal F C A. — 100 Pao Aux FA. 4U —^
| Cal Wln« A. — — Pao C Bon. — 162*4
MV& MtTm. 85 — Pac S Tel Co.lOO lc*
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board—
10O Central Light & Tower. 1. 8 M
ICO Hawaiian Commercial 4k 8ur*r. 55 73
100 Honokaa B Co *... 14 7»
65 Hutchlnson 8 P Co 10 1214
25 S F Gas & Electric «1 t»
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Atk.
Bay CPC «s. — C9 S P C R 4s. — 100
B L Wat 6s. — 117 S P Co 4Hs.lOO»4 —
Cal NW 5s.. — 112*4 Sun Tel to... 110% —
M C Wat 5.-.10O — Do 9> 1(«S —
2» L Wks 5s "~ 105 Sutter-st R3S.10O 113
U ET P ll - Wll VR of srta - M * M *
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala 8 Co... 28 — Mat NaT Co. — *9
Cal Cot Jills 80 — N«r Nat BH.197H —
Cal G&ECor. — 6O£ N S R n Co. »t? —
C Jackey C1.1CO 115 N Cal P Co. 9«4 » T *
Cal Powder. — 150 oak B* Sav.120 — '
Cal Ship Co. — 23 Oak T Con.. T3 —
Cal T-I 4 T.115 — IOOP* Hall A « —
On Bk. Oak — e» Orptwum CO. — 134
Chute3 Co .. — ~M PacC Ca» Co.150 —
City & C Bit— 120 | Pac Sur Co. 105 —
Cyp L Imp.. — 6ft Paraf palm.. g% _
East Dynm..250 — 8F Drydock. 60 —
DpntPwd pfd 75 — SFASJ Coal.. — 23
Do com .. — EO S J Wat Co.lOO —
FN J3k. Oak.123 — SO A MTubt.123 —
FJgcher Thtr — 6T.c s-.viw-A Bk..U5 —
Frnch-A Dk.lCS 11O Truck Elect.. Ill* 12H
Gas Con A.. — 2n£!UR InC pfd. 52<i —
Won P Co.. 23 3t | Do com ... 12Va 18
Lon& SF Bk — CO I
—
SALES.
Horning Session. •• -
Board —
BOO U Ry Inr Co. preM 83 00
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oii Stock— BH. A*'* p.l.
Apullo 44 ¦ 48
Associated Trust Certificates. 10 2»
Caribou 4 33 80O
ChlfaKO Crude 2O
<:iarernont RTtJ DO
F*.»ur 61 ....
HanforJ • 170 10
Home i 30 ....
Imperial 19 TO
lndrr*ndenc« 23 3D-
Junction 01 ..*. .
Kern 5 0O
K^rn River l'J " > ....
Monarch (of Arizona) SO
Jionto Criilo 61 n»
Occidental of W Va (XV
Oil City Petroleum 3!»
r*erle«9 - JS CO
Heed Crude ..; 1 30 ....
Sovereign 23 ....
Sterling ........... » juf
Superior- ..: 0# CS
Thirty-thr«e • 9 W
Tw«nty-«Ighe .... - (2.1
West Shore j • 2 (to
AMoclatM Bonds TO CO 7'J «O
Illinois Cruda < :,
Kern (new) 3O
McKlttrick OU 19
Monarch Pool Stt
Wabash SO
Miscellaneous —
Alameda Sugar ....< 24 CO ....
Cal Jockey Club 123 CO
Chutes Company .... T O>
Fischer's Theater 7O
Northern Cal Power 10 CO
8ALES.
Morning: Session.
550 Claremont SO
300 Claremont *2£
1000 Clareraont g5
150 Claremont no
500 Four Oil 63
5<O Four Oil 83
100O Oil City Petroleum r.s
ICO Twenty-eight Oil .....:.... 0 0O
.. 8..4>5..4cnifw shr cmf shr cmfwTp upup
Most unique of all the devices to
raise money to pay student debts is
that proposed by the executive com
mittee of the Associated Students of
the University of California, by which
$10,000 or $20,000 will b/2 secured
through a bond issue. The new foot
ball field is going to cost the studants
several thousand more dollars than
was at first thought, and this burden,
which is made all the more arduous
On account of other undertakings by
the collegiate body, calls for some
rapid, and effective financiering to re
lieve the pressure.
The proposed bond issue will be in
every cense a popular affair.- Every
student will be entitled to purchase
the bonds. Whether interest will be
paid for the use of the money is a
question yet to be decided, though it
is likely that a small rate will be al
lowed in order to stimulate the sale.
As this is the first time that a bond-
Ing scheme _ on this order has been
proposed for colleg-e students, it will
require some ingeunity to get it into
presentable shape. Graduate Manager
Ezra Decoto, who originated the
scheme, is working up the details now,
so that when the executive committee
of the student body meets next week
there will be something tangible to
work upon.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Aug. 20.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1016 Broadway. Aug. 20.
Ordered away from a house at the
point of a pistol where she went to
collect a bill, Mrs. Emma Verwiebe
.ETkore to a complaint before Justice of
the Peace W. 11. Geary this morning,
chargrinj? Mrs. George Robinson of
Ar.endale with having made threats
against her life. She was much
wrought up over the occurrence and
'm> frightened when the pistol was
fired by the Irate Mrs. Robinson that
she ran until she had to stop from
cheer exhaustion. Mrs. Robinson fired
one shot through the veranda to con
vince her creditor that the pistol was
loaded.
In explaining the matter to Judga
Gears* Mr?. Verwiebe said that she
conducts a little store on Short street
near Penniman avenue, in North
Fruitvale. She claims Mrs. Robinson
owes her a bill, which she has tried
to collect on several occasions, and
• this morning she went to the Robinson
heme ;md asked for the money. With
out saying anything Mrs. Robinson
•went into the house and returned with
a pistol. She tired a bullet through
the roof of the porch and she then
told 'Mrs. Verwiebe to leave the place
with the threat that If she ever pre
sented the bill again she would shoot
her full of holes.
Mrs. Verwiebe took the forcible
hint and left, but only to swear out
a warrant against the woman behind
the gun.
In regard to the affair, George A.
Robinson, the husband of the woman
fur whom the warrant was issued, said
this evening: "'It is true that my wife
showed A! re. Verwiebe a pistol and or
dered her away from the premises. She
lives next door and I think is -a little
wror.p in her head and makes life very
unpleasant. The last persons who lived
in ihe house we occupy had to leave on
' account of her. I got the pistol and
; told my to frighten her if she
came around. There were only blank
cartridges in it and we have nothing In
the house to load it with. I am in busi
• ness In this city and do not owe a dol
lar except at this woman's store. She
has never presented us with a bill and
1 am ready at any time to pay it. . I
think it amounts to about $6. I don't
. think my wife shot the pistol, but she
dk! show It to her and ordered her
cway."
information of tha whereabouts of Albert
Waldrnan. occupation ateam or gas fitter,
will be thankfully received and suitable ex
penses allowed. Address SHERIFF LAMB,
Winncmucca, Humboldt County, Nevada.
Frank. W. Mulock, an Eastern news
paper correspondent, saw the "ad." He
had met Waldman and learned he had
gone to one of the nearby mining
camps. ' Acting on that information,
Mr. Mulock began his search and after
diligent seeking for many days located
Waldman. Waldman says he was one
of the -victims of a hold-up and robbery
at Winnemucca about a year ago, in
which his friend, Jack Welch, was
killed. George Severner, Jake Lind
man, Tony Rizt and Fred Gorman were
convicted and sentenced to hang for
the crime, but were granted a new trial
by the Nevada Supreme Court. - -
Waldman'8 presence is much desired
as chief witness against the accused
and he will leave for Winnemucca to
day. ;-•'•
SALT LAKE CITY, Utah. Aug. 20.—
A small "want" advertisement in a Salt
Lake paper.may be the means of bring
ing to trial for murder four men in Ne
vada. About ten days ago the follow
ing advertisement appeared In the
Tribune:
WANTED — Information o( Alb«rt Waldman;
Fifty-first Assembly— Edward Ellas
sen, chairman; Walter Cohick, secre
tary. R. H. E. Espey nominated by
Professor Kower.
Fifty-second Assembly— t>r. J. B.
Woods, chairman; CD. Maloney, sec
retary. W. H. Waste nominated by R.
C. Staats and seconded by C. E.
Thomas. . , :- J ]-Z.
County, eommittecmen — Forty-sixth
District, James Mowry, Charles- H.
Schween and A. B. "Cary; Forty-sev-.
enth District, J. B. Lanktree, J. F.
Hansen and J. S. Hanley; Forty-eighth
District— Clarence Crowell, William
Fitzmaurice and E. T. Plainer; Forty
ninth District, H. J. Lang, W. M. Mul
len and Frank D. Williams; Fiftieth
District, A. H. Breed, W. E. Griffiths
and W. W. Blair; Fifty-first District,
W. A. Donaldson, Harry Anderson and
William f Angus; Fifty-second District,
Frank Fowdcn, Dr. H. N. Rowell and
Robert Greig.
Forty-ninth Assembly — J. Connolly,
chairman; F. Garrison, secretary. J.
J. Burke nominated by M. C. Nunan
and seconded by James Hanley.
Fiftieth . Assembly— Guy C. Earl,
chairman. John A. Bliss nominated by
John W. Stetson.' : |>.- >.
Forty-sixth Assembly— 'William Me?
Donald, chairman; A. A. Rogers, secre
tary. E. K. Strowbridge' nominated by
J. N. Frank.
• Forty-seventh Assembly— C. X* ' Til
den, chairman; Al Kihn. secretary. J.
Clem Bates nominated by W. P." Dillon
and' seconded by Thomas Dunleavy.
Forty-eighth Assembly— Frank K.
Mott, chairman: H. C. Borchert, secre
tary. Phil M. Walsh nominated by E.
J. Smith and seconded by Clarence
Crowell and Morris Isaacs.
Final arrangements for the big Labor
day celebration, to be held.in this city
September 5, are completed. Every de
tail of the affair has been covered, and
the various unions of the city are now
looking forward to one- of the biggest
displays ever held in this city. The dif
ferent organizations are prepared to d6
things on a grand scale, and will be
hosts on this occasion. As soon as the
parade is over the entire public is in
vited to a barbecue at Idbra Park,
where bread and meat will be distri
buted free to all.
The president of the day is to be C.
W. Petray, the grand marshal G.: K.
Smith of the Barbers' Union, and his
aids are to be A. W. Borden, president
of the district organization of carpen
ters, and F. I. Higuera of the team
sters. The marshals of the various di
visions are as follows: First division,
H. C. Schepper of the butchers; second
division, F. Dahnke of Carpenters No.
36; third division, J. F. Sale of the long
shoremen; fourth, division, T. J. Hop
kins of the machinists. w'ft
{ The arrangements for the barbecue
have been left in the hands of R. B.
Harlan. ***
I During the morning parade the pub
lic school children will be congregated
on Grove street, between Fourteenth
and Twentieth streets, and twenty la
dies will supply them with flags, which
they will wave'as,the procession passes.
In. the afternoon at Idora Park there
will be games, tugs-of-war, speeches
and othe'r amusements. ;'*-• -
+ ¦ *
Assemblymen to be named, and as
there were no contests the work was
merely formal. There was much en
thusiasm as the various delegates sec
onded nominations, and there was no
trace of bitterness after the few fights
at the primaries! A summary of the
various district conventions is as fol
lows: > . . '.
First Supervisorial—William. McDon
ald of ,•• Llvermore, "chairman; Charles
E. Cockfairy secretary. •"¦ Charles FI Hor
ner 'nominated by T..-.W. Harris of
P]easantpn,"feecbndecJ by Charles" Eykns."
-Fourth Supervisorial—E.. A. Shaw,
chairman; Frank Thompson, secretary.
H. D. Rowe nominated by A. D. Smith,
seconded by F. "W. Richardson.
Fifth Supervisorial —B. O. Johnson,
chairman; L. G. Parker,
John .Mitchell nominated by Charles!
E. Snook, seconded by Lee Murphy, H.
B. Mehrmann-and'. A.'. H. Elliott. ; .
Thirteenth Senatorial—"William • Mc-
Donald/chairman; A. A. Rogers, secre
tary. J. G. Mattos Jr. nominated by
Joe Dias, seconded by Charles Over
acker.
Fifteenth Senatorial—F. W. Richard
son, chairman; Charles E. Thomas, sec
retary. G. R. Lukens nominated by
John W. Stetson. ...
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Aug. 20.
Continued From Page Thlrty-Nine.
Manager Ezra Decoto In
vents a Way. to Lighten
the Financial, Burdens
Hoped Through His Testi
mony to Convict Four Men
Who Are Granted Retrials
She Says That When She
Presented Her Account
She Was Met With Pistol
Local '•;• Organizations Will
Be the Hosts on This Day
¦ s and Will Feed Every One
COMMERCIAL NEWS
. TROUBLE OVER A BILL
BABBECUE AT IDOBA
IS VALUABLE WITNESS
MAY NOT PAY INTEREST
University Students Will
Be Asked to Lend Money
to Pay Athletic Debts
• Mrs. Emma Yenviebe Swears
That Mrs. George Kobin
son Threatened Her Life
All the Arrangements for
the Big Celebration Have
Been Carefully Completed
Albert Waldman, Who Was
Victim of a HoI(T-Up; Lo
cated in a Mining Camp
HOPE TO FLOAT
A BOND ISSUE
UNIONS READY
FOR LABOR DAY
FINDS HIS MAN
BY "WANT"AD
WOULD SHOOT
HER CREDITOR
ENTHUSIASM PREVAILS
AT COUNTY CONVENTION
Republicans of Alameda Meet in Harmony and After
Short Speeches by Leaders an Organization
Is Effected and Candidates Put in Nomination
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE .SANiFRANGISCO .CALL, SUNDAY,. AUdtJST 21,' 1904.
38
PROMINENT ItEPUBLICAN POLITICAL LEADERS OP ALAMEDA COUNTY
. WHO .TOOK AN ACTIVE PART IN .THE -COUNTY CONVENTION HELD YES- I
TEROAY AT OAKLAND. WHERE CANDIDATES FOR SEVERAL OFFICES
WERE CH03EN.
Richard H. Taylor of the United
States Secret Service has received a
medal for the courage displayed en the
Nipslc during the Samoan hurrlc&at of
Ittfr.
(National Leasrue.) i (American Lea^ue.j
W. U Pet. \V. L. I*ct.
New York...TS 30 .70!i New York...tiO 40 .WiO
Chicago ....W<fi> .(SB 'Chicago - ....UJ -U! . tS>>t»
PltLsburj? ..W42..BJ* Iioston .CO 42 .058
Cincinnati ..62 45 .570 Philadelphia 67 41'. 582
St. LouU....5tf 60 .528 Cleveland ..50 44 .BCO
Uoston .....40 C7 ..'174 Detroit '..... 44- C7 .43«
Brooklyn ...37 .68 .352 Bt. Louts.. .'.40 57 .412
Philadelphia 27 7S .257 Washington ?2 7J> .218
(AMERICAN LEAGUE.) ] ;
¦PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 20.—Cleve
land was unable to hit; Henley.. At
tendance 18, BOO. Score: ¦'¦¦.¦ . -
f R. H. E.
Cleveland 0 7 2
Philadelphia 2 V7 • 0
¦ Batteries— Bernhard and Bemis;
Henley and Schrack. -
NEW (YORK, Aug. 20. — Chicago
won by superior batting. Attendance
15,400." Score:, :.*• ' ¦.
R. JI.'S.
Chicago .... W. 4 '9.0
New York ,- .'. . . '. . .'. .". .... 2 .S,V 0
'Batteries — Owen and Sullivan ;-Orth
fLnd IJUeinow. . . • / . . ¦"•'.;'• '..'".';¦
WASHINGTON. An* * SO.— Wash-
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
BBAXCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND,
i 10 16 Broadway.
Telephone Main 10S3.
BERKELEY.
2118 Center Street. '
Telephone North 77.
ALAMEDA.
143o Park Street.
Telephone Alamtila 553.CHICAGO, Aug.. 20.— A 'suggestion 'of killing 1
frosts before -Monday* in- Canada and the- Da- ,
kotas sent wheat- to-day higher than ever dur- •
ing the present advance. Bidders were kept in
an intensely excited mood by the ' continued '
flow of dispatches . from- the Northwest giving
sensational storiea of rust dp.msge and alarm- :
ing: predictions of Tvhaf might .result from a !
frost before . Monday. The market ; had . lost '
none of Its recent bullishness when trading
ktarted, and the opening prices ' showed gains
of %ic to li-ic.for the September delivery at;
SI 10%©110%. and for December to 1
«lV»c at $1 12U to *1 12%, 'There was plenty
ef wheat for sale at those prices by profit-tak- !
ing Inngs. September saRged , off to $1 CS«i.
with December back to (1 10%: There was iio
suggestion of a weakening of the market,'how
ever, and the buying. was resumed- for an hour i
with as mucln eagerness aa though the craze
had; Jpst_brol*n out. At top .pricesr-Sl 11%
for September and $1 13^i. for Dectmbe'r-^-therB
was more-liquidation, •which- operated to. bear
the price for the -near months to $1 10^4. -The
clcse was strongr at $1 10%, a", rain ot 1c.
December bro'xe to $1 12% and closed 1%Q1Uc
higher at $1 12%.'' Statistics were 'apparently
given- little con»iderat!on by the .trade.. • .•;
Sentiment ln the com trade ¦ underwent a
radical change over night.- When the market
opened to-day there. was little for sala and a
large number of buying orders to 1111. Septem
ber'opened at a- net ' advance of '4e to %c."
The strength wasstlmulated by the bullish ex
citrinent prevalli/i* . in"' wheat,- trader*- appar
ently p«yin? 'little , attention . to . the ; weather,
which was in ths nia'.n favorable to. Cb» jgrow-'
Fui urc Grain and Provisions.
Continued on Page Thirty-Eight.
WHEAT^- Foreign futures were higher. ' |
Chicago advanced from $1 Ofl'Si to $1 11 and ;
closed at" $1 lO^i. ' Th« • Northwest continued !
to send in rust damage reports. " " I
•Portland wires to E. F. Hutton A Co. said 1
that it Is now cheaper for the Oregon farmers |
to> send ; their ffhrat East then to Europe i
Cnder present rates of ocean freight, and about i
"A500.000 bushels* have lately been booked for I
Eastern shipment.' 'There U no change in -the |
crop prospects - and • the crop will be about ;
tS.OOO, 000 cr CO, 000. 000- bushels." •¦ |
Th'e Chicago letter of n. Brent Mitchell 'said: |
. '.'It v»j a very irregular market, and there j
was doubtless' a , good I deal of profit-takin?.
Thern'waii no change In tone or tendency rt
gai-dintj Northwestern aivhers. Foreign ' mar
kets Fhotv: a rather indifferent attitude. to- day.
Conditions -of . immediate supply and demand
arfhaylns very' little effect in making prices.
The operative. Influences are all purely specu
lative. ' ..W e are, .ourselves, believers in great
damaae to the Northwestern crop and think
conditions justify higher prices. After a x 35c
advahco- - we' would be very «hy of buying
. Wlieat except on sharp -breaks." r . -• '
In this .market .futures were higher again.
but ca"ah -prices .were ¦ unchp.nge'd. fading 'in
both was y less active, than for.so-.ne days past
and • there t. as no particular, excitement. A
7. '., . CASH WHEAT. . . . '
Califorr.ta -Club. $140(9147^: California
! White Australian. $1 c5@l 60; Northern" Club,
; SI 42Vi®l * 6 'i: Northern Bluestem. $1 53©
1 67% per ctl. . . ....,„,
¦ - FUTURES. - -
,. t -,• Session 0 tcr-ll:30 a, m.- ¦-.-"¦
'¦* Open.. High." Low. Clcse.
December ./.$! 51?i."$t'63 " $1 Ol^i ?1"62H
' BARLET— It was again a quiets market,
with -lower 'futures and weak cash grain. It
.was'stated on Change that Los Angeles mftl
ers and speculators' are loaded with high
priced Barley and, are no. longer, buylrg.. Tjsa
demand lnthe Interior has quieted^- down-cun
slderablyjof late.v as already mentioned.
\ ' ' CASH' BARLEY v • '
-¦Fe«d.-$l-05«il CS?i: new Brewing and Ship
ping. $1 12%©117V4; Chevalier. $1 17Vi®l 30
per ctl. . . ¦ * . "
FUTURES.
• •¦¦ -Session 9 to 11:50 a.m. *
' ¦ ¦ "' ' " ' Open. ' High.- Low- Cloe«.
December /.'.'.Sl»09U "$1 •'»>;• $1 i«!i'.|l 08',,
OATS— Cpntinue flrm at the: advance/-. with
a 'good demand for seed/ ¦'.".;" ; ¦ ' .
•White.' nominal: -Surprise,' $1 45®1 50; Red.
$1 r7^C»l 40 for feed and $1 40@1.45 for seed;
Wheat and Other Grains.
' ' Business" was Ifght and of a Saturday char
acter on the Stock and Boiid Exchanfc-?. and
v/a.s. largely confined to the sugar stock.?, quo
tations for which r.-ere not materially change*!.
The m'n'.TTg' stocks were steaily. with an in
creased, bus-iness in th? Tonopahs. Tliere was
also more trading in the oil stocks.
Sales on the California Exchange last \«»!c
were 2S.H28 shares, valued nt J10..11.1. the lead
ing sales being as follows: . Associated Oil.
1O.72S shares; Claremont. 2200; Four and Oil
City, each 10CO: Independence. 13C0.
Ex-<3lvidenrt * 'yesterday: Califortiia Fruit
Canners' Association. CCc per share, amounting
to. $17,349 tW; California Powder Works fnew
corporation), - a regular .monthly dividend of
Trading Light and of a Saiur
dav Character.
CITRUS FRUITS^Oranges. $1 5C©2 75 per
box. for 'Valenclas: .Lemons, S2 23©2 75 for
fancy, $1' 25(81 .75. for choice and 7Cce$l-23 for
standard; Mexican, Limes. .$4?*4 50 per ca»e;
Kan«n;i«, $1 5ft*f2 per bunch tor Central Amer
ic\n luid 75cSll 25 for Hawaiian; Pinsappies,
Jl 25S2 per Uczen. ~Z-.Z*\-.- ' '."..
MELONS-r-CantaIoviK>', 75c(3'$l per ! crate;
Nutmeg Melons, 25$ii'Jc per bcx; v vratsrn:eloru,
|5ftl5 oer hundred. - ..-', . ,
. QRAPKS— Small ' boxes • and crates : v Sfid-'
les*. • 50«g"5cj , Tokay, -'6C<JS5c: Muscat; ">0e?».-;
Black, 4O(3S5<;:.ST/eetwater. 25"@50c; large opea
boses. 75c®$l. . ' ;. / . . •
PEACH KS.— Small boxes. ."OSfiOe.; carriers.
f^0^7C ; c; small open boxes, .40@75c; lug boxes,
75c(S$1 : in' bulk, nominal. : . '• .
- -PLUMP AND TRl'NfOS— 4flg75e, per . crate
and '.'.Vii-'iTT !ht. small bos: open boxes, 40Q 75c.
NECTARINES— Red. .75c»$l per box- or
crate: white, .VXSCOc per" box or crate. '• ' ;¦
QUINCES— 75<5-«Cc s per. box.*,,-"" ', /
: .figs— Mietasc. p«t box. . . •;, • ; -. Jrt;'
The fruit market had a 1 healthier ten* under
the stimulus of the warm, sunny weather, to
gether, with the usua! oxtra demand for Sun-'
day requirements. . and .prices of several de
olduous varieties were higher. Green Bart
lett Pears in bulk were firm. at the recently
established . prlcrs under a good call" for can
ning purposes, but matured stock was 'n ex
cessive supply, and dull, with plenty of over
ripe stock to be had belnvr the minimum quo
tations. Peaches in small' packages were abun
dant and firm , for the best offering?, while
poor stock dragged. Offerings In large open
boxes- consisted almost entirely of Freestones. '
which ruled weak at unsteady .rates. There
wire' not enough Clingstor.es on. the market .
for a quotation, but dealers reported that the
earners were willing to- pay $4O#5O per ton
for ifancy stock/ 'Apples were steady. ' wfth
occasional sales of extra fancy reported at a
Might advance over the maximum d.'eistation.
Plums, Prunes, and Grapes in crates' were
steady under » (food call, both for local use
and- shipping account. Grapes in large boxes
were pit nti ful . and .weak, and as. the bulk cf
the day's rec?lnts came to h.ir.d late quite a
surplus had to be carried over. Old and 'poor
lots ct Cantaloupes and Nutmeg Melons wire
pretty well cleaned .up and fresh arrivals did
better.- Watermelons moved off more freely,
but supplies - were too heavy „ to permit any
advance in prices. Huckleberries were'plen
tiful and lower, while other. Berries were gen
erally firm. Citrus, and Tropical fruits were
quiet and featureless.- . •
- STRAWBERRIES— S4f?r..' per chest for Al
vlso £serrl*3 and ?2 25^5 for the larger varie
'ties: Lonjrwor.hs. non'iinal . .
KI. fCKBKrtPtES— St Sens per cbest. ' ' '
RASPBERRlir?-^55!5«! per chest. •: ' -'. *:.
, HL'CKLERERRIES— ««Oe.per lb ¦ . -
APT'LF.t'-rSlffJ «<3;iipr box fcr fancy, S5c
SJ.J1 for choice and 4W75c' tor commoa: Crib
, Apples, . uCigtCo for small boxes, and $ 1' 25 tog
¦¦ large. '•."••• • ' ¦ ¦ ¦ .-. •' • • v
PEARS— B?rtletts, COc®$l -per box fcr No.l,
includlJ-jr wrapptid stock : v No. • . 2. . 20t^-35c p«r
box: in hwtfcj *20W23. . . . .. .-
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
... LOCAL. .
Sterltng Exchange, sixty days — $4 88
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 8R»i
Sterling Exchange, . cables — 4 89 a 4
New York Exchange, sight — 07&
New .York Exchange, telegraphic. — 10
Silver, per ounce — 57 7 »
Mexican Dollars 45 Q 45^
INTERNATIONAL.
New York on Mexico 21rt
Berlin on London .- 2O.4.V-i
Paris on London. 25.25Va
Silver, and Sterling Exchange are stightly
weaker.*
Exchange and Bullion.
The general fecl'iiipr in Butter is one of con
tinued weakness, with the majority of hotire-*
pressing their goods on the market. There is
a good deal of San Joaquln creamery coming
in now. and it is selling at. 22!fj24c per lb. It
has heretofore been going to Los Ange|e« and
other southern points. Stocks of all descrip
tions are larger than ¦ the market '¦an noil
handle in i;s present dull condition,
Tlif situat'on in Cheese remains unchanged.
Eggs are still firmer, with supplies' of the
best . ranch comparatively light." The market,
however is reported lulet.
Receipts wer» 2.1,5f;0 • lbs Butter, 7.15 caaes
Es?s and -10,000- lbs Cheree.. 1
niTTTKR— Croanwry at first hands. 25c for
extras and" 22-J?24c' for frKts; dairy, 10^.22c:
Ftore Butter. lSfilSc; Eastern cresmery. l!*' v -a
20c; Eastern 'ladle-packed. 14<St15'4c per. lb. -
CHEESE — Oft 10c for choice mild I new and
SfiSVfjc'for lower- grades: Young Americas.' ll<^
il^.o: Oregon. Sfllftc: Eastern. lWlSc per lb.
EG" 3S-*- Ranch. 31c for large whiter selected.
29<930g for choice and 25^>'2Rc fir fair to good;
store, .2'>(S2r»c: Eastern, 22M.S524c • for firsts,
21S 22c for seconds and lf»!5 L 20c for bakers'.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
I LOCAL MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Whest — . Sept. ¦ Pec.
Opening . 7 t>'« 7»7*i
Closing 7 6i*' 7I«i
¦ • PARIS.
Wheat — - - Aug. Nov. -Ftb.
Opening 22 00 2.1 f»0
Closing 2o 10 24 05
Flour — ,
Opening ."50 50 ' .11 SO
Closing .10 65 3175
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 20.— WOOL— Steady Me
dium grades, combing and clothing. 25025 V.c:
light fine. llVSKO; heavy fins, l^lfic; tub
washed. 21i§34Vic.' 1 '
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON*.
PORTLAND. Aug. . 20.— Wheat shipping:
Walla Walla, 80c: bluestern. S5c; valley, &ic.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE. Aug. 20.— Clearings, $547,542;
balances. |110.44O.
TACOMA. Aug. 20.— Clearings, $335,062;
balances. ?f>C.248. ;
PORTLAND. Aug. 20.— Clearings, ?477,477;
balances. ftl5,4C»>.
SPOKANE. Aug. 20.— Clearings. $2S 1,439;
balances, (30.863.
# . i y.
New York Money Market.
NEW TORK. A us. 20. — Close — Money on
call use nominal; no leans.
Time I'm? were *tea<Jj-. with sirty days at
T * r 1 ' nln ,' ty da3 « at ¦"'» Per." cent and
six month* et 3V, jv. r cent.
Prtrr.e mercantile paper. 3^e-4'i per c-nt.
e.x,har.2e was steady, with actual
business in runners" bills at *4 ««Ki©4 SS1S
foj demand ani at |4 S540JJ4 ?W5 for sixty
day bHln.
Br«t*d rates. $4 $6 anfl $4 «>.
"\mn>erclal bl!ls. $1 S4T>®4 W*
Far yllver, Stiic
Mexican dollars. 45».c.
Bonds — Goxnimfnt." firm; railroads, firm.
NciL' York Stocks and Bonds.
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
Stock.— sales. High. Low. Cloie.
Atchi*on 1S.&J0 80'4 79la 7S<^.
Alchiscn ptd 400 97ii I»7i» V,
Baltimore &. Ohio.. 3.400 S4- 4 j.41;
Bait & Ohio prd j)iU
Carutdian 1'acinc... l..*»Cf> 12tJij 126 ' 12t.W
Central of N J.... 100 1C5 1«5 164 U
Chesapeake & Ohio l.txx) 37 Vi W± 3tv<
Chicago A Alton... 100 39 S 33 Vj 3^
Chi A Alton nfd *s O u
Chi & N \\ iHj
Chi M & St Pan!.. 1,900 I4:»--. 148s.. H»v;
fhi M & fct P p.d. 20i) 179', 179', 179^
( hi Term & Trans. 500 7 7 Q'Z
Chi T * T pfd ni*
CCCftit LooIj 74*
Colo Southern T-uO 14*4, 141^ 141'
< olo So let pfd 200 40 . 48 ' 4«Vi
Colo So 2d pfd.... SOO 2O 20 1»V, i
De & hudson 200 1GJ . l*)Vi leos!
r>el I^ck t West 279
Denver &R<; 2,.V,1 24^ 24*4 24 1$
Denver & r; G pfd. 1 00 74V» 74«, 74
Erie tt.«D(t 'M% 25»» !'<»
Erie 1st p'-i l.loo B2\ «2% 63SC
5 ri *L. 2d P." d , M *« 3 *v» .v-
Hocking Valley 72 "
Hocking Val pfd * " '. \ g^y,
Illinois Central ... 1.0<tO 1?,63; lf.fi'tj iy.iti '¦
lewa Central VX> 20U 2O'« 19V-
Iowa Central uii ; » S i"
Kansas City So * '^>\1
K c ; so _ pfd irv> ij% ;.3i; 4^,2
Louisville ( Nash 21.000 120", J2o 119U
Manhattan I JKi -f
Met Securities 25,400 J>2V1 SO'i V>Hi
Met Ry 7.1M0 123U 121U 121^
Minn & St Loali..: K^> r.5 55 *X !
m a p i s s m.. noo 73'i 7i>i 7i« ;
MSP&SSMpfd .W> ISO 130 ISO
Missouri Pacific... 6.1'Of> 04N, fSt£ flSK
Missouri K & T... !*«> "tu. «j^ i? *
MK&Jpfd l.ofiO 441j 44 «M
Nat RR V Mex pfd -571^
New York Central. .;*•] Iinu
Norfolk & Western 1,C(V) &41J ri" &*
Norfolk & W pfd ....
Ontario & Western S.fi.V» xt 32'u Jjojr
Pennsylvania 17.S0O 123U 122"), 122^
Pitts C C & St L '
R*«d'n* • 10.700 55»» Hi-, 54%
Reading 1st pfd ." ss
Reading lid p.'d '.'.''.'. 7O
Rock Island Co 4.30O 24 1 ,! ii'-i 23s;
Rock Island Co pfd SOO fi7 er,^ (xf.i*
St L 4 S F M pfd 4fO 57"; *7K r>7 *
St L. S W pfd rtOO R8 37».i %¦;-!
Southern Pacific .. 1.100- 55 \i M", 54^
Southern Railway. Jl.SOO 27U 27'i 27> K
f^outhem Ry pfd... 1,000 fis " j>2 92%
Texas A Pacific... 100 27*4 2751 27*4
Toledo St L & W. . . «vji;
T St L A W pfd...- 200 3R>i asii ?,8li
Tnion Pacific 20,600 0S«, 87«; »S
I'nlon Pacific pfd ..,. .... in
Wabanh (XiO . lS«i 17 u- I7ri
Wabssh pfd .. 1.200 27»i SBU :tf,r»
Wheeling fz L E 1414
Wisconsin Central. .200 I7«i 17U - 17 ' •
Wl^rpnsin Cent pfd .V)0 .13 ZW, 3«u
M-xican Central.. 3.700 11', li J^ •. nil,
Express Companies —
Adam* jiyi
American ..... .... - . 1 JJ5 ;
United States ¦ 107
WeJlg-Fargo -.-... 218
Miscellaneous — . ¦
Amals Copper j 7,200 54S SS*^ fi*^
Amer Car «¦ round I . . . . . 1R»4
Amer C A V pfd..l 200 7S>» 76«% 7R
Amer Cctton Oil.. '.'....• . S'JXi
Amer Cot Oil pfd oj u
Amer Ice ' ... ¦ 6T4
Amer Ice pfd " 2714
Amer TJnseed Oil • ' Toii
Arser Lin O:i pfd 2fi>4
! American Tjoco.... eoo 21'4 21 . 21 "-,
: Aroer' Loco p.'d . . . - SS :
; Amer Smelt & Ref. ' 8.100 65 6.",*i «J%
, Amer S & R pfd... ano 7071, lOT.u; IMtJ
Amer Sugar Refln. 5.300 IGO 123'i l n b\i
Anaconda Min Co.. 75
Brook Ra? Tran... 13,VK> SZU' V2K 5-iu
Colo Fuel & Iron.. i»>- Sfi .te ?,6
Ccnsolidatfd G«s.. 1,400 196 . 133U 19RU
Com Products nju
Corn Products pfd ." """ p t - n
T>letlt|eri' Securi * *""* o«.j-
General . Electric *.* l«j
! Ii ternationiii Paper ICO .15 is" 14&;
Intemtl Paner pfd -.»'*
Internt? Puutp .... jm"'j!
Interntl Pump pfd 75
National I>ead .... 600 22%i 22%; <*2
NorOi American ;,-„ 7i Ztt-
Pacific Mell • " "JJ2
P.-ople's Ga« ...... 600 JOOla 100V* 100^
Pre»««d Fteel Oa.r. . .... ¦¦ . 33 *
Pr fiteel Cp.' pfd... 100 7« 76 78
Pullman Pal Car.. ., 217'
Republic Steel 714
R*T>ub!ie Stee! pfd '*l'*jl
Rubber Goods "y:... 18
Rubber Goods pfd.. 100 ~V/r- 79J* 78^
I EASTERN MARKETS.
Contra Costa — =* I Port Co»ta... — —
Marin Co... — CO I S V Wat Co. S7 37 Vi
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
C-nt L * P. ">N .WSfG &Rfl 61 >i
Mutual E L. t2|a tS^IFtkn <1 * K. — S^
Pac L Co. . . 57 — I U G & E Co. — * — « . '
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fad. — "40" > ;
'; ¦;'-;* \- BANK STOCKS.
Am Nti Bk..l27Vi — t L P &. X — 153
\nglo-Cal . . S-l M ! Mer Tr--is'.....21»'i —
Bank of Cal. — «M ! Merch Ex 52^i SoiJ
, ral Safe On. — luO !S F NaticnL — ¦¦ — -;.-.
SAVINGS E-OCKS.
G?r S * L 22S0 2X0 I Sav £ t. So. — IPO
! Hum-S & I* — — l^ec Sav Bic.3S0 400
Mutual Sav. ICO lfv.> JUnlonTCo..— —
S F Sav U. — I
STP.EET RAILROADS. /
California ..183 — I Presidio 40% 41
Geary — 25 I
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask.; Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup. .1O«*;iO7Ui 4s <;r cp new. 131 Vj 1-T2 '»
4a qr reg~.~.lO6%'l0?£l3a nr coup. ..105 U1C5**
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5* — — lOpk T Co Gs. — 119
Asao OH o*. 70 72 I Do 5s 110U —
Bay CPC .^s. — 1«U Do con 3s.. — 10::
Cal C C, r.s.lCl'il&l I Oceanic S 5s. — 72',i
Cal G & E g ! i>m Cable Ks.122U —
m & ct 5s. — «5 I 1'a • U Im 4s. 924 tt"» l i
Ca!-st C .".3.112't — IP K Ry 5s. .104>ilt>r,» 4
C C Wat r.s. — 101 ! P fc c H Ss.io;; — '
F.dL & P «'9. — 127'iiV A <» R 6a.H4 —
y A C II «S.1133a — I Powell -«t fis. — 114
Geary-si .*«=.. — 85 Is'ac RGARSa. 01>moo
h cits &%*aco — !sr & sivss.ikh —
Do ."« 1'«» — ! Sierra R fa.lOS>' 4 —
Hoi TS T «3.106"t;107 I S P nf A (hi
L A E!e- :.s. — — ! »10f'.)> I07^10?s;
L A Ry "-s.. — H« I I10UO — 10S^ 4
L A L Co <^ — — S P of C fis
T».> gt»! «"«. — — «in«)5)Sr A.IOS 1^ —
Do gtd te. — lOri'ii (lJ>Cr.>Sr E.1O4U, —
T.^P 1cm feblGS 1C2*» ! tinofi> 108 —
MVt-st C <;s.1l4 — I O912) 11«U117Vi
rwlom B*.113ttllS%fSPC 1 f5 5s.lt5\ —
I MVft MtTa*.1f!2 — I I>> stampd.lOft'j —
! NPR .if Ctis.io'.'i — IS TRn*. — ISttt
Do Tw US — 'S V Viat 6s. — ir.7'i
N n C R ."*.1O5 — ! Do *t 2dm. rm'iioftii
N C Ry >*>*¦- — 112 ! r '° !s Mm. 99 —
N C P C 5s. — lCOtj 1 IK) g mtg4s f>* —
KB K Tt .'s.' — 104 ! Ptkn G&E»5a. P-t 95
O « LAH M. — - jUOtE 53.105 —
O W gtd 5s. — 10rt !
WATER STOCKS.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY. Aug. 20—12 m.
"Or; the Famine Portlani t""ement Company, a
regular monthly dividend cf .*^V; the Llghtner
Mining Company. "•¦ p^r amwmting to
$t;25>">; Claremont OO, te; BenM <">11. 2'^".
Th* Mohican Mining and Milling «.'ompany
cf Tuolunine County has levied an assessment
of 10 cats p»r share, delinquent October 15.
The National LeaO Company has declared a
regular quarterly dividend of 1% per cent on
the pri»f*rre.-l stock, payable September 15.
Chicago Cnnie <">il «'.ompany. like other e<?m
panlffi that ha\c pene into the Associated Oil
<*f>mpanie.i. haa reduced its sto-k from 51.WV-
C0<> to J50.im». Tlie stock value will be cut ac
cordingly from $t to 5 cents.
The capital stcck of the Hana, Plantation
Company hns been removed from the official
list of th« Stock an^l Bond Exchange.
The output of the Ochir mine last weelc
amounted t» 183 minin; carlua^s of ere, assay
ing $1t>2" p»r i>n.
Th» San KrincUco Stock and Exehang«
Board has proposed t r > thf Tonopah Miaing Ex
change that tne latter *b*\\ aiimit to mimbef*
ship twelve Kelectei membeTs cf the former
exchange at $7«X> each, or a total of SCPOO, and
that th* boardroom of the San Francisco* Ex
change shall b<» used by the Tonopah Ex
change. Th«* matter ha» been taken under
consideration by the Tnncpah Exchange, and a
committee of conference, consisting cf G. S.
Clark. W. H. Hannon and Wilfred Page has
been appointed la confer with a similar com
mittee from thfl San Francisco Board.
At th>- regular annual me»tins of the stock
holders of the Central Lisht and Power Com-
I^any the old directors and officers were re
elected.
*E«w*k» PS 50 N Clear .OO
Preano 100 «s Nv \- cl ear ..00
Hanford loo CO Clear .00
He-Ulster »;< 45 ci eaP .00
King City 05 m x. Clear .C«>
Livermore j>g tm .-<. . clear .O")
Los Angeles SO-ffi SW Clear .00
Merced po (57 dear .0f»
£"Pa »3 49 S Clear .(k>
Newcastle 100 75 w clear .00
Newman i>9 r>9 .... Clear .no
Palermo 37 51 jj Clear .00
Porter\ill- . ...101 W Clear .00
Red Bluff 94 72 N Clear .00
Riverside 90 60 Clear .00
Sacramento w . P2 56 NW Clear .00
S" Diego 72 66 SW Cloudv .00
Pan FVancljco 70 06 W Clear" .00
San Jose «¦ ro Clear .00
Fan Luis Ohispo . . . 7R B8 SW Clear 00
Fanta Maria IS 58 ci»ar 00
tenta Ren 72 45 .... Clear .00
*}. < ?} tton P* «5 .... Clear .00
" "lows • 07 «s N Pt.Cldy.or>
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
Colusa — Crop conditions unchanged.
«n i rm ?~ North wlnd blowing; atmosphere
filled with dense srooke. • -.
King Clt> — Heavj morning fog.
San Jcm — Peaches coming in fast;- quality
better than fir*t lot. - .
Riverside— Supply . e f irrigating water : is
Cood,
Hanford— Grar-e crop ecellent; good crop of
grain; pear emp excellent.
HoIHst-r— Lfrht fnjr; heavy r -arh crop ln
Bonnie Brae orchard; medium quality.
Stockton— C|« ar to-day: grar>«-« coming for
ward freely; herri»s good sir- and color.. '
Livermore— Thrashing, all finished; rrain
yield one of the smallest ever knr>*.-n
"Willows—O-on condltinns unchanr«"l.
Cjoiierdale— Prune crop almc-yt readv for har
vest. ,
N'apa— Prunes ripening, gnod si»e, fair crop.
.Newman — <"Y>n»Jitions unchanged. • . ¦ -. •
Santa Maria— Feggy mornings, with clear,
mild weather following; unchanged crop con
ditions. A . G . McADIE.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins t Honcy.
FRUITS— New crop — Apricots, 7%©9!4c;
Peaches. 5%©7&c per lb; Pears. 6#3Vic; Figs.
2-crown bricks 52^c: 3-crown, 55c; 4-crown.
65c; 6-crown, 75c: bulk white. 3U@3U,c: black,
4c. Evaporated Apples 6^©7Vic per lb.
PRUNES — 1%®2c per lb for the four sizes.
RAISIN'S — Association f. o. b. prlcea Fresno
•subject to change without notice) are as fol
lows: 60-lb boxes— Loose Muscatels. 3-crown,
8c; 2-crown. 2%c; Malaga, loose. 3-crown.
2»4c; 2-crown, 2>icr seedless Sultanas. 3c;
seedless Muscate!s. 2Uc; Seeded Raisins. 16-oz
cartons, fancy. 4^c; choice. 4c; 12-oz cartons,
fancy. 3*»c: choice 3 Vic per lb.
NUTS— Walnut*.' No. 1 softshell. 15i4@14c:
No. 2. HH©U»c; No- 1 hardshell. l.TOKilic;.
Xo. 2. HSlli^c; Almonds 15®it3c for nsw
Nonpareils. 14-Srl4Vb« for I X L, 13@lU^c for
*>e Plus Ultra; Peannts, 637c for Eastern; Pe
can*. lieiUc: Cocoanuts, $4 5OQ5.
. HOXET-Comb. 11%®13c for white and 103
; lie for amber; water whits extracted. 5^, ti
C'^c; light amber extracted. 5JJtc; dark. 03
'BEESWAX— 27C28C per lb.
- , ¦ -
Thsr* is nothiag n<w to report, either here
or, in the West. Brokers' wires from Chicago
yesterday said: "Prlcea are a shade higher.
There Is nothing caw In the situation, how
ever, and it i« a dull market, with no im
provement noticeable either in the demand or
character of speculative buying." I
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 10^0 per lb for
heavy, lie for , light medium. 13c for light.
14c for extra light and 17c for sugar- \
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 14c: Call- i
fornia Hams. 13c; Mess Beef, MCglO 6O per \
bbl; extra Mess. $11011 50>Family, $12@12 .V):
I prime Mesa Pork $14 50; extra clear. $24:
I Mess. $13; Dry Salted Pork 9*4c; Pig Pork.
$26; Pigs' Feet. $5; Smoked Beef, 14c per lb
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6^c per lb for
compound and 9Vio for pure; half-barrels,
| pure. 9«s;c; 10-lb tins. lOftc; fl-lb tins. 10«»c;
| 3-lb tins. 10Hc
j COTTOLENE — One half barrel. 8%e: thr««
half barrels. S^ct one tlerc*. 8Hc; two tltrces,
Sc; five tierces. 7T»c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
abouf 'i'ijlc under quotations. Heavy salted
j steers. 10c; medium. 9c; light, Oc; Cow
I Hides. Oo for heavy and 8 Vie for light;
Stags. 6c; Salted Kip. 9^c: Salted Veal. 10c;
Salted Calf, lie; dry Hldea. lG®lS\ic: dry Kip.
13c; dry Calf. 18c: Sheepskins, shearlings. 25-jp
i 40c each; short Wool, 4C<g65c each; medium.
| 7K$3Oe: lon< Wool. $1'(*1 CO; Horse Hides, salt.
i $2 7« for large and $2©2 OO for medium. $1 25
' 01 75 for small and 50c for Colts; Horae Hides,
dry. $1 75 for large and $1 CO for medium. Siii
| 1 25 for small and 50c fcr Colts. Buck SkIr.-» —
Dry Mexican, 30c; dry salted Mexican. 23c; dry
Central American. 30c. Goat — Prime An
goras. 75o; fxtra large do $1 25; large and
smooth. 50o; medium. 35c; small. 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4&4UC per lb;
No. 2. 31-jc; srrease, 2U©Sc.
WOOI> — Nominal. Market practically bart.
HOPS— C0<g24c per lb for 1904 crop.
Meat Market.
There was no further change in quotation*
yesterday. The market continues qujet and
well supplied with all descriptions.
DRESSED MEATS.
¦\VhViC«?.l* "rates from slaughterers to dealers
are- a* follows!
BEEF- 5<87c* for Steers and 435c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— -Large, 5fi7c: small. 7@Se per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers . 7@7'.ac; Ewes. t>&7c
per lb.
I LAMB—»»i^3c per lb.
; PORK— Dressed Hogs. flJJSc r«r lb.
! LIVESTOCK MARKET.
j The following quotations ars for good, sound
! Llvretock delivered in San Francisco, less 50
! per cent »hrinkage for Cattle:
, CATTLE — Steer*, 7 l i«27%c: Cows and
'. Heifers 5U(g6Uc; thin Cows. 435c per lb.
CALVES^-4g4~4c per !b (gross weight). •
SHEEP— Wethers. U'-ifij^c; Ewes. 3@Uiie |
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS— $2 5C£2 75 per head.
HOGS — Live Hogs, 140 to 2C0 lbs. A\e.;
COO to 250 lbs, 4'^c; ISO lbs and under, 4^c;
lover -250 lbs, 4Uc; soft Hogs, not wanted-
Sows. 20 per cent off; Boars. iO r*r cent off.
and Stags. 40 per cent oft from above quota
tions. -
General Merchandise.
BAGS — Grain Bags. $5 151J5 25; San Quen
tin. $4 75: Wool Bags. X04J32c: Fleecy Twine.
"Vjc: Fruit Bags. Sui^T'/sc for whit* and 7o
for brown jute.
COAL — Wellington, $S per ton; New Welling
ton. $8: Seattle, $6 50; Bryant. $tt 60: Beaver
Hill, $5 50, Stanford. 17; Koslyn. $7; Coos
Bay $5 50; Greta $7: Wallsend. $7: Richmond
! $7 50; Cumberland. $13 in bulk and $14 25 in
j backs; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. ?14;
1 Welsh 'Anthracite Egg. %\i; Welsh Lump.
; $11 UK Cannel. $S 50 per ton; Coke. $11 50<51^
per ton in bulk and $15 ln sacks; Reeky Moan
j tain description*. $8 30 per short ton.
i OILS>— Quotations are fnr barre'.a; lor cases
add 5<:: Linseed. 57c p«r gallon for boiled and
55c for raw; Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1. 70c:
Bakers' AA. cases. $1 10^1 12: Luccl. 50c for
boiled and 4Sc for raw; China Nut. cases.
654!' SOe per gallon: Cocoanut Oil. in barrels,
'«<: for Ceylon and 55c for Australian; extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil. 6Sc; natural winter
i Sperm Oil, 63c; extra bleached winter Whale
: Oil. 57c; natural Wha'.e Oil, 52c: extra winter
i strained Lard OH. 75c; No. 1 Lard Oil. 65c;
pure Neatsfoot Oil 73c: No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil.
j 63c; light Herring Oil 42c: dark Herring Oil.
i 40c; Salmon Oil. 34c; boiled Fish Oil. ."7c; raw
'¦ Fish Oil. 33c; boiled Paint Oil. 33c; raw Paint j
: Oil. 31c. ;
• - COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. tn bulk,
i 13c; Pearl Oil. in cases tf>4c: Astral 19Vo;
. Star. lU«ic; Kxtra Star. 24c; Elaine. 2Cc; Ei
' cene. 23c; Deodorized Stove Ga«ollne. in bulk,
I 16c: in cases, 22'^c: Benzine, in bulk. 13c: tn
i cases, 19Hc: SO-degree Gasoline, in bulk. 25c;
; in cases. 31c.
1 TURPENTINE — 81c per gallon in cases and
i 75c in drums and iron barrels.
; RED AND WHITE LEAD— R»d Lead 7 t -4«?
7=?ic per lb; White Lead. 7!4C7\c. according
to quantity.
! SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
j pany quotes as follows, per lb, in 10O-lb bag*:
l' Cubes. . A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 6.25c;
: Powdered. 6.10c; Candy Granulated. fl.lOc: Dry
• Granulated fine. Oc: Dry Grauuiated. coarse.
. Pc; Fruit Granulated. 6.10c: B?et Grar.u
; lated (100-lb bags only). : Confectioners'
i A. 6c: Magnolia A. 5.60c: Extra C. 5.50c:
: Golden C, 5.40c: "D," 5.30c: barrels. 10c more;
I half barrels. 25c more: boxes. 50c more: 50-Ib
I bags. 10c more for all kind*. Tablets— Half
i barrels.' 6.E0c; boxes. 6.75c; H. & E. Crystal
i. Dominos, Uc per lb. No orders taken for let*
I than seventy-nve barrels or Its . equivalent.
j Receipts of Produce.
j FOR SATURDAY. AUGUST 20.
Flour, qr si? s . . 13,49::! Wool, bales ... 2R<« '
I Wheat ctls <V.7f*>t Feed, sks IS
' Barley. Otis' ... 1.1. «27 Hides. No .... .T>!»
i Oats, ctl* ".¦?23 Pelts. No jio
; Corn. West. ctU 1.100 leather, rolls .. i.--*
1 Beans, sks -«91 Lime, bbls .... 27.1
Potatoes, sks .. 2.773 Paper, reams .. »}
Onions, sks ... 733 Wine.' gals ....45.65.»
Bmn. sks 3f» Tallow, ctls it
Middlings sk>. . 2 Sugar, ctls joo
Ha;'., tons 770!
HTiTJ? — Recelr>t:-i, ."000 head "-Market So
h!?h«»r. Bulk. *.*. 10^5 30; heavy. ?5 lOSfi -JO;
r-ackerF. »5-10<S5 30; pigr and light". ?M?5 .15.
PHKEP— Receipts. 1W0 head:. market steady.
Muttons, $3 2.VH-1: lamb?, f4«?5 fiO: raug-a
wethers, .1", '2?t<Q~> 75; etvrs, $2 SC^.T 50.
«. _ i_jt
I Miscellaneous Markets. >
KANSAS -C1TT, Aus. 20.—CATrLE-Rf
ceipts. 500 head: market steady. Native ste-r».
$3 75<3">.nO; nathe -rows and' heifers. $1 f>0@>
4 P5; "^t.ockcrF* ?.nd feeders. $2 5iVg4 25; ItjIIs.
9293*60: calves. $2'S-l-5O: Western steers, $3 50
((IT, 50: Western cow«,.?l 75<93 50.
Kansas City.
SHEEP— R-"-efDt.s. ?oOO head: market steady.
Western y«arllncs. ?•» 7JVS4: ¦« ethers. *x ?A'r&
3.<yi;««, *2 7.'.«JS 40; common and stockcrs,
S2 25£.S er»; lambs, '$» 503 ."> 25. • .
OMAHA. Nebr., Agr. 2O. _ CATT1.E — Re
ceipts. -10O bead: market unchanged.
HOGS— Re-elpts, «»"iO- head: market, steady.
5c"n«gher.\ Hravy. $5 0r^5 17»«: piixM, *.*> 10
«5 15: lipht, ?3.1f>t?5 25; pigs, |4 5«)^5; bulk.
?» 1C«f, 20. • - t-v . • • - - • ' ¦ •¦
Omaha.
CHICAGO-, Aug. 20. — CATTT-.TC — rte-eipts.
CC> head; rrariet nominal. cSood- -to prime
*i»ers. $5 CV^fi; roor to medium., «4fii.">; stock
ers and feeders, $2"? 4:' cows. f2!§4 DO; helfenv'
$2 2. r .a'4: c-ann»rs. SI 25<S2 Nj; bill Is. $234 23;
cahfs, $3<?R: Western st*ers. (J 25@4 76. •
HOOS— Receipts f^O head. Monday T.O.OtiO
head: market Tttndy.- M^xed anrl but<-hors,
95 2i^S 50: good to cliok* heavy. *.'.r;3R.*. 55;
rough -heavy; *4 8MNS IC; light, S3 ZZGiTi KO;
bulk of sales. $.>..;O35 &o.
SHBBP— RrcelptB. ¦ 300O.?head; Ui' market
for sheep and lambs was steady. Ckiod" to choice
wethers,' >3 ~afi4-2?>; - fair - to choli* mixed.
fritai- Western sh^ep. $4 5f>?5 SO; ¦ native
lamfe. f3 50Co > 6; Western lambs, >*3 25'5t.3 00.
Chicago.
NEW YORK, Aug. 20— The usual Saturday
dt'Une&a prevailed ,;ln- all rnetal markets to
day.. ¦ Quotation" were generally unchanged
frrm yesterday. - - . • ¦ . .
Tin. *2» M«?27 00.
Copper— Lake. . *li! 50<gl2 7'.:: . elfctiolytx
$12 50-512 75. and castings. 'X12 23©12 oO
Lead, f4 2i>ff4. 2.'..- • • ¦, ; -' ".•..-;
Spelter, $4 £504 03.
. Iron, 'quiet and nominally unchar-geti. . ¦
I \ Chicago Board of Trade.
New York Metal Market.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market is
firm in tone owing to small offerings. Common
4ffSUc: prime. 5*i@6c; choice, 6>i@C=ic
fancy. ~<ft~\Uc.
PRUNES— Remain dull and unchanged at
6 lie.
APRICOTS— Better demand for future ship
ments according to coast advices. Choice
9ir.<510c: fancy. lOUOllc.'
PEACHES— Show ro Improvement in point
cf actiNity. . Choice, Sc; fancy, fl'JS'lOe. . .
~^2 T , ORK - Au *- 2° — FLOL'R-Receipts.
..00 barrels: exports. 8800 barrels. Firm held
higher but very quiet: winter r-atents. *5 2T^
| A ? fi : o" tra ' ** =3: 1OW ««•»<"•*. W 25
WHEAT— Receipts. 30O0 bushels. Spot.
Mronr; No. 1 red, nominal elevator and $1 15
r. o. b. afloat. Options opened strong and ac
tive on outside buying and further damage
news from the Northwest. Heavy profit-tak
ing occurred, however, and In the last half
hour the advance was lost, the market closing
unsettled and UG%c advance. May closed
*} }«M : September. »1 15%. and Dicemb-V,
mS^J^Sk Pacif ' c Coast> 1903 crop ''" S(^
, 9 ' IIDES ~ FirOT - California, 21 to 2.'. pounds,
PETROLEUM-— Steady.
SUGAR— Raw. quiet: fair refining.. 3 11-lfio;
centrifugal 06 test. . 4i;c; molasses sugar
3 .-16c; refined, quiet; No. 6, 4.*V:; No 7
i'i« • »^ o- ,? 1 * fc> ' c : No - 0. 4.«0c; No.' ioi
- C '\ N ?\l 1 - 4 *"^ : N '°- n - 44Oc: confection^
ers A. 4.6Oe: mold A. R.fjOt-; cut loaf. 6.POo;
crushed. iMci ¦ nowdered, 5.30c; granulated.
£lJOc: CJnM, I>.4c>c.
COFFEE— The market for coffee futures
clo^d "teady net B points higher. Totsl
sales. 44.230 bags. Including September. « V**w
rt.Wc: December. 6.rw>?«.t)Sc: January 7 05o-
March. 7.20«7.25c; May. 7.40c: Julv' 7'5's®
7.eoc; upct. Rio. steady: No. 7 involce,"8 s'l(kr
mild, steady; Cordova. f>Vi5?I3c
BUTTER. CHEESE AND nGGS—Un
changed.
DRIED FRUITS.
Nezv York Grain and Produce.
Xciv York Cotton Market.
N E ? - T. ORK - A^-- «*¦ - Cotton futur-s
op.ne-1 fin* August. 10.20. ;; September. n.»f^*
October fl-«7c; November. ».72c : Dicember'
O..4c: Januan..ft.7«c: Marcli, P.20,-.
Futures rlosed st«ady. Aurunt. 10 ih- Sen
b - r - r , 10 •<»«: October, I..7t»c: November,
O.i_>s: December. fl.7.V; January, ft. 77c- Feb
™k!v' S>70C: March ' 8S2c^ AprU - »-83c; May,
• Spot cotton closed quiet. Middling uplands
lO.S^c; middling gulf. 11.10c. Sales, 126 bales.
NFHV 1ORK, Aur. 20. -The statement of
oitv forV! be . '''^ring-house banks of this
MfJ for the week shows: I^ens SV.O.W 174 4m
increase J2.e23.MO; de r o R i t! , «i.2na.R70 < siv?' ln
creaee K.-tZSAW; circulation $37,614,000 Af .
creas» *«J7.»XC, : le ra i tenders «.M.«2A 000 de
lf P !Si?^ : rta »' T « WB1.0D5.700. Increase
Sl.tP1.1W; reserve required J.T02.3r>2.«2o. in
*Wl.fim : M-Inlted S-tates deposits ?*rj,457 SOO
mcrea.-e *v«2.7io. . -
Associated Banks Statement,
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
r- ¥i°r- y ~ „' "I United Vruit ....K5«.i
Call ioim- 23f3'ilu £ Steel. ........ US
Time loans S«j*M Do pfd SS^
Bonds— I Westing Common. SO
AtchUon 4s-.....101Vj Mining-
Do adj 4s 94 Vsi Adventure .....'.; lite
Mex Central^... .eO.AIlouez ..: UU
Railroads— | Amal Copper 34
Atchison .10% I Amer Zinc 12
uo pfd »7>4| Atlantic 1214
Boston A Albany. 24«!i4lBfn K ham -24>4
Boston * Maine. ifO (Calumet & Hec!a.5no
Boston Kiev 150 Icrntennial ... 23"<
Fltohburg pfd. ...136 (Copper Range ;.. M*t
Mes Central 11'ilDa.ly JT«»t 12'!
N V. N,H.AH..1«O. iDom Coal ....... 51
FereMar<juette... 74 I Franklin T«
Union Paclflov ?7SIOrancy jt?
Mlsf-cllaneous — •¦ I '!>!•• Royale : *" 1"V
Amer Arge Chem. 14tilMii M Mining*!"* •«
Do nfd .•...:.-. .7Q I Mohawk ...:...' 42
Amer'.Pneu Tube. A Old Dominion . ' I2«i
Amer Sugar ;...12f»*i CictciV* ....... mil
Do rfd ri .131 Turret ; . . . ' " 0414
Arr>er Tel fe£T£1.13T!4*Cirrcy «2
Amec Woolen ... U'*l !=J annon *. """ "" si'.
_ p " f f< l 7X«4iT:.r 1 .-,-acV ..::'.::; 55*
Horn Irr>n * P... BUI Tr.nl tv -i'
Kd F^ect Ilium. .CP2 I r S Mining::*.:" 2 *
Oen ETectrlc 165; | XT s oil . " fn
Md'J Electric... is. W-nh ...'.'.'.'.'" at>-
Do nfd TA tVctorle- ' ." iit
**f a " ?2%!-p ni r r .i V £?
Ln Shoe Mach... so (Wolvtr'ne $0%
Do pfd r.o j • -..• • .
t Bank Clearings.
Local baxVc elearinrs fcr the week Just
•=4ed si»w an increaae of $1,906,800 over the
ccrreeptttfiJn* week !n 1903, beinr $23,614,117.
¦Xaicst $1'7. 707.21 7 last year. The clearing*
f-r the name pericd in 1902 were $23.M6,322.
Washington Crop Bulletin.
The recort el G. Jf. Sallsburr. Eectlon Pi
rVcter. Ucited States 'Weather Bureau, for the
Crop Bulletin, week ended Aurust
o i.6, I« as follow*:
"The foresart of the Treek was raoderately
coc! In the weetern counties, but tbs latter
. part Tra« very warm, while in th« eastern
• counties the week wa» hot throurbout. There
«v no ratn in any section cf the State. Hut
«mds caused injury to spring: wheat, and the
long-continued drought has dried up pastures
and ireadows and shortened the potato and
<v>t vrcr* mairrialiy. The roads are extremely
cuety. and th* forest* are so dry that many
destructive fires are In prosresr. which can
ret be extinguished until there is rain.
"Hot* are badly in need of ratn, and. ex
cept wh*-a Irritated, the cror will be ma
• lerially lightened. Th* burrs are small, but
the hoj* will be rich in luplln*. Winter
wheat cutting l« finished aftd threshing Is
r regressing rarldly. The yield is from about
an avrj-ajrr in quantity to very good, but tne.
quality if in *-mie lnmaaces not the best.
Sprinp wh^at <"uttinx is now well along. r>r>'
r.»-ath<r ttnd hot wln<1« caused much of the
wivat to be thin and »»>Prt. «md, In the <-»n
tral '^ountie?. much was burnt or shriveled.
In the pattern part of Wbltmzn and in the
southeast rcuntie« the sUH will be arerace.
r~r rear'.y f^. bui in the central counties the
rr.ip »il! r* ft>r bel^w the average.
••" Tb«> cat hsrvft i* well under way. Cnrn
i ni v»t»tiMf« thet ar» benefited b>' hot
»»sThor liaie thriven. Tliere will, appar-
Ttly. he a larpe crop of apples this season,
r-ut the\ ¦» i,: br gtenrally rmaM in size. In
iht n<-i?ht»orh.x>d cf Detroit. Mason County,
rrcp«j !ia'« dene better than ever before."
fh-icd Fruit in Nczv York.
•¦*'.! ' : — - — -
Mail r-r->rt« frr-m New Trrk say: For the
1««-t <;«> t.f thr «*»k and a half holiday a very
• c'-r-y\ bmttKca »-as d^ne on Saturday, though,
s- txfere. individual tran«a<tions.. were cr>n-
RjKd to <arl«-*d lots or W 5 . a feature of the
m<trk«-' «p.k a r-'tnor that a movement is on
• -fi<t <n tVe cczyt \n form a combination of
el! th» raisin se*<j«>r* there, including the Pa
f'fir <~o«ft R*Mn 5e»(J!n^ Company, cr it may
b» thf al>«orption if the outriders by the lat
t»r. Notliir!^ 'leflni:" concerning the mo\e
m*nt <~i'Uli he Ie»rne1 in iu«'ter» BurrKTseil to
»v .-l'vriv Ua touch with «-<va*t affairs and wh
U!k 8« ¦<¦(!* indulged tn els*v here was of the
.^.lEse^t character. T^*• belief was ei:r.r»s5e4
h} w»ro<? in the trai> that BOttiie *u<h ftep Is
t mmii i" nr»v«.nt »prf« deniora.Ilta.tion than
- *:h«t row exiFt!r~ tn t*".e rai«m market and
that it 1* not iir:>rr>v>able that leading ln
»<--reFtF » n t^• coati »ia\e taken the matter In
rr.r!<i. n«w t v .at the association ha* fignally
"failed to neoure rnntrnl rt the current season's
rrop. All advices froa the coat-t indicate that
r.ft-*/TF and *i"i-.V>'« pnins* fill be ehr>rt «jji
ihis rror» end buyer*, particularly in the
Z. r .\1<ij~ \Ve*». are inTJlring for straight cars
fot ekrly *hirment or pfeking to induce sellers
to Increase the penentaff* nt these sizes in
*ord»r* f>>r a?i»nrtments. This the sellers de
. cllne tn <in in view of the Fhorta«e »nd many
of them offer no nioi-e than 1<"» per cent of 30's i
and 2ft p»r <-*nt oT 40>. Apricxits of the new
• rrrp are beg'.r.ing tn arrive, but are deliverable
upon contract* previously made. There Is a
little more inclination shnwn to buy new crop
reaches for ehipment from the coast, but of
ferings continue very light and reports agree
that the crop will fall short of early esti
mates. Currants were quiet and the spot
» market had an easier undertone. In other lines
there was no development or interest Satur
"riay. New cre;> flgs were reported to be sell
lr.g fairly to the interior for forward ship
ment, but no large oroers were noted.
Weatlicr Report.
<120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Aug. 19, R p. m.
The fe'lewieg maximum and minimum tetn
t"eratui-es are rertTted fcr the previous day
" BotJ<>n Tf»-«X)'N«-r.- Orleans »O-79
Cincinnati 7R-*52 Philadelphia 74-«4
Jacksonville f»0-7* Washington 72-68
- gt. Lcuie M-«iiXew York 74-64
FAN FRANCISCO 70—56.
THE COAST RECORD.
' a s £ = a "5
1 fill ii U I
tTATIONS. X -522=3 ? "
1 ¦ s •" *> o. -, S
: § I •: : ?
Kaker ZO.c* C4 <8 KB Clear JX>
Carson 23. 7S so r>2 S\\" Clear ' .00
f.ur»ka 30. Oti TA 50 N Clear .00
Fresnn 23.72 102 e<5 N\V Clear .OO
S.E. FaralIon.2a.V2 50 63 NW Clear .00
Flagstaff 29. SO 7*5 4S NW Cloudy .00 1
Poca-tello 29-Stf 70 f.2 S'iV Clear .C> |
Independence H ."¦..:
Los Angeles... 2i».9O SO *2 EW Clear .00
• Mt-Tatr.aJr*is a».9O 74 77 NW Clear .00
Vorth Head . .20.^5 «50 M NW Cloudy .00
Pnoenix 29.70 !H 7« .<E Cloudy .00
Pt.Beyes L.'hl.2».»S 54 b-t S Clear .00
Portland .*... 30.18 (;S T>* NW Cloudy .00
R»d Bluff 2J>.76 94 72 N Clear .00'
ltawburK S0.OO 74 .V> N Clear .00 !
Sacramento ..23.76 1C M NW Clear .00
Fait L»k* 2»«76 78 SS NW Ocar .00
. S Francisco. .29. S6 70 6S W Clear .00
Sstj L Obiepo.29.^2 7S .. SW Clear .00
San Diego 29. K2 72 «•> SW Cloudy .00
Seattle .VMS 70 4S SW Clear .00
. 30.0^ 70 4S XE Clear .00
TatOOsh ."0.22 M 4«» SW Cloudy .00
Wa!!a Wa!la..->».<* 74 M SW Clear .00
Winnemutci ..23.02 70 .%t; x Clear .00
• Yu-na 29.64 ICS S2 SE Cloudy .00
' WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
"!*he pressure lias risen over the northern
bi :f of the <.-ct«t, ar.d railen o^er the southern
No rain 1» reported in Arizona, although
thunderstorm* have occurred in the northern
portion of the valley of th* Colorado.
The temperature 4~jik fallen JO degree* in
Nf/!ih«-rn Nevada, Idsho and Oregon. It is
*'ao much cooler in the northern portion of
ib~ Sacramento \'alley.
Fimetil made at Ran Francisco for thirty
fci-j.-f. ending taidnlght, August 21:
. Xr>rth*ra Caiito-T.ia— Fair Sunday: light
r.^tr.erly winds.
Eootherr Cailforoia— Fair Sunday, except
< l3u£y In extreme »wuthern portion, and pos
sibly iijht *hoiicr«: light southwest wind.
Nevada — Pair Sunday.
San FraiiCitscn and vicinity — Fair Sunday:
. . . > jiorth wind?, changing to brisk westerly.
l>r>* Angelps and vicinity — Cloudy Sunday
rr'.rrlng: probably fair during the day; Hjht
• BOulbmeittrly winds.
A. G. McADIE, Dirtrict ForecMter.
Fruit and Wheat Bulletin.
Tar th» twenty-four hours ending 5 p. m..
120th znerldlac time, Fan Ftanclsco, August 20:
5333 s?i S* y
stations. la II 5S i~ r
c c 1 • -
Cinverdal* W «S .... Clear .00
Colus* 93 d .... Clear .0ft
!» CHICAGO. Augr. 2O.— On tl:» - Pr.-«3uce Ki
ehar.KH to-day .-the butter market ' was firm:
< Ye»rnerie!i. 1P.fi l«c;; dairies. I2;ai5i-o: e(tg«,
steady, 13^j(216VJc; cheese, tteaOy, 7vi(gSVi<-.'
tt . — — — : •*
CATTLE. SHEEP 'AND HOGS.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Articles — - . Receipts. • Shipments.
Tlour. ba-rrels ' : . . . 12.100 13.000
Wheat; bushels isr.,<w> 31,0O0
Corn, bushels -'. .2O4.«no . 2fo,«X>o
Oats, buehels .....*... .547.300 2S0.5OO
Rye. bushels 11.000
Barley, bushels ;..: ... a,000 4,400
CHICAGO, Aup.' 20. — Cash • quotations were
«s follows: Flour, firm; winter patents.. {Sfi 1
A 20: straights. ?4 f/x!j"4 !)0; gprinsr patents. *5
®5 60: stralphts. "54 30<g3 10; bakers. $3 10*
3 SO; No. 2 3prin? wheat. ?1 lO^il 12; No. 3,
JI©1 05; No. 2 red, $f 1001 12\i: Xo. 2 torn,
MVic; No. 2, yellow. 55^ic: No. 2 oats, 32fS)
S2^c;.No. 2, white! SS^e: No. S, white, SiV*®
Sii^c: No. 2 rye, 76c: Rood' feeding barley, 42c;
fair to choice malting. rrf>jfR2c; No. 1 flax seed.
J1.17T4; No.' 1 Northwestern, $1 24Vj; prime
Timothy seed. ?2 70(ff2 8.">: mess pork, per bbl.,
*11 £0^1 18S: lard, per 100 lbs.: f.H S5»*6 S7\A:
short .ribs sides ' (loose). . *7 37Ug7-50: short
clear tides' (boxed), ?£¦&& 25; ¦whirky. basis of
high wlne». $1 28; clover, contract grad»,
111 6O@n 75. ¦ ¦ -. • - • - .
Cash Grain and Provisions.
XETV YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con- 20! LIttl« Chie.f- !\C6
Alice 2C|Ontario ..'. .-. S SO
Rreec- lOlOrhlr 2
Bruns Con lOlPhosnlx. "J2
Com Tunnel .... ¦ oaj F'otvi 1^
Con.C*! A Va...l fv>; savage . *»2
Horn Silver I 50| ftem Nevada'.;..-; S3
Iron Sllv«r 1 751 Small Hopes -CO
Leadville Con . . . 02| Standard 19D
U S ref 2s reg,.104?i| l & N unified is.lOlJi
Do coupon 106 | Man con gold 4s.lO5*»
Do 3« res 105 |M«z Central 4s... 62V^
Do coupon 106»4i Do 1st lnc 14«4
Do new 4s reg.l^HilMinn t St L, 4s. J>7
Do coupon 131&IM. K & Texas 4b. S9?4
Vo old 4s re*. 106% j Do 2da 78%
t>o coupon 100*1 nr of Mex con -is 76^
Atch (ren 4a luSVilN T C gren 3V4s. .100=4
Do adj 4s &4% ft j c gen 5s....lS{
Atlantic C L 4s. 1W^ Nor PaciHc 4s.... 104%
Bait & Ohio 4s. .103V. Do 3s 74»i
Do'3^8 94ti Nor & W con-4i.l01»4
Central of Ga 6«.lll |oEL.:4s i partic. »5*£-
Do 1st tnc S3 | Pa conv 3%s.... 98Vii
Ches & Ohio 4^s.l(««^ Reading; «en"4s... 100
Chi & Alton 3VjS. 7S'hIS L ft I M con 3».118%
t. B i Q new 4s. 97Vi! S U i S F t% is. S4Vi
C,M & SP rn 4s.lC0 g t Louis EYV lets. fHJi^,
*; KW con " 8 - 128 ?» Seaboard A L, 4s. 7U
C. R I &. Pac 4a. 73U g o Pacific 4s 94^
Do col 5s S4«» So Railway 6s 11~i,4
C.C.C & EL»n 4s.lO2 Tex A Pac 1sts-.ll!)
Chi Term 4s 74 Tol. St Li A W 4*. 7StJ
Colot So 4s..:. 84 Union" Pacific 49.1C5H
C F & I. con 6s. 724 Do conv 4s .. .,10314
D«n & Rio Q'4i.ioomv S Steel I'd Bs.. 7S
Erie prior lien 4s. S»S?-k1 Wabash Uts 117'i
™^2 sen4s ••••• S6 ' Do rt ' b B K0
F W A D C -lsts.irMi.jiw & T. F.-ie. 4^. . . OHi
Hocking- .Val"4'«s.1u8 | Wis Central 4«...S3'i
Common, b!d 4y t , asked 4U; preferred, bid
42>4. asitt-d 42%.
NEW TORK BONDS.
Total u.les 264,400 shares.
UNITED RAILROADS OB" SAN FRANCIECO.
NEW YORK, Aug. 20.— No bond transac
tions to-day.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANT.
Receipts of Poultry v.ere . light and. . »l
thouKh trade was quiet, as usual on Saturday,
the market had a kteady tone and good stock
was well cleaned up at the close. Game was
in good supply and met with prompt sale
at higher prices.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. ISflTc wr !b:
Geese., per pair. $1 .".0i^2: Goslings, $2^2 23;
Ducks. $-> 5rjj:4 50 irr dozen for old and $4 5o
Ci .'i ,"n for young: Hens. $405: young Roos
ters *. r »50(fffi: old Roosters. $534 ,"0; Fryers,
$?, f.0(g4^ Broilers. $2O3; i-.KC-ons. SI 50 per
doien for old and $1 50<?M 75 for Squabs.
GAME — Wild Doves. 75c per dozen; Hare.
SI &O ycr dozen; Cottontail Rabbits,. $2 per
dozen.
Poultry and Game.
Miscellaneous \egftantfsi continued to ar-
HT« freely end th" market was n-t-ak for all
kin'Ts. ¦" Ith th? single »x<-epHori of Lima.
B»snv which were in comparatively light
supply and. firm River Tomatoes sold a.t a
wider ranc-e as to quality, and a consfderahte
quantity had to' be carried over. Trashy of
ferln»« of f.reen ' '!'orn In sacks were offering
below the minlmnni ijuotation. but found tew
buyers owing to th<* abundance and lor/ prices
of good »tock. . ¦ , ' .
POTATOES — New' Rurbankp frr.rn the river,
from e<1c per sack to OCo per ctl: Salinas Bur
banks. %\ 25}il 40 per Ctl: Early Rose, nomi
nal: Garnet Chi!es. 75QS5c; Sweet • Potatoes,
2(g2^c p«r lb.
- ONIONS— If llOigt 25 per ctl.
VEGETABLES — Green Corn. r.Ocfi$l p»r
rack: crates from Alamtda.- 75<-!8$l 25; from
Berkeley, 65080c: Grern Peas. 1 t,fg3c per lb;
S'rin? -and Wax R«ans. I'^Si-c per lh;
Lima' Beans. 2'<:'''f34c per lb; Tomatoes, 251r5<>c
per box for river and &-<$i~~ic for bay; Summer
S-fiiiash. 25^..V>c por box: CaTibage. 75c per ctl:
Carrots. $1 net- sack; 'Cucumbers. 25#S5c per
box; Pickle Cucumbers, nominal; Garlic, 31^
<h P~c per lb; Ess Plant. Sr>i@4*"-c per . box;
Uried Peri-Ts. nominal; <5re*n Okra, 354f-;0c
r«r bos: Gr»»n Peppers, 25(S40c per box; Mar
rowfat Squash. Slo'tf20 per "ton. j Jl/T*
Heaters reported -a littlp better feeling in th»
Pctato market and price*' of th? trading tablf
vari'ti<-« showed tome Imprnvf-ment.- Receipts
of river Burbanks havo been light for the
past f«sw days and stocks on th» wbai-ves
were <-cnsid»iably redureit at the clc**r- The
h«*t lots -were well cared- for by th» rr?gu'ar
<rade. "while low- grade ofTerlngSi' which . nad
been aecumulatirs for tome time. v«rc wet!
c!M»n*d up by peddlfrs and shipping mer
chant?. Sweet T'otato*s ww*' plentiful and
'any at unrha.ns^d rates and Onion3 closed
weak, with quite a surplus, unsold.
Potatoes, Onions Mnd Vegetables.
SEEDS — Bro^n . Mustard, -nominal: Yellow-
Mustard. $M 25: Flar. *1 Mji2 25; -Canary. U%
(57c; Alfalfa 15Q13\c: Rape, lV.ffl2i-jo; Timo
thy. 5?;c: Hem:>, V.iWsC Per 1b; Millet.. 2^
QitKe; Brooni Corn Seed. $2C£21. per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Nites. $2@2 25; new Greea
Ftas. $2<32 20 per ctl. /
Everything under-, this head remiini as be
fore quoted.
BE.» NS— Baj-o*. $'_• <OC?J CSV Pea $S; But
!»rs $3: small White. $2 05(93 05; large Whit«
%2 5C02 CO; Pink. ?3 i'-aS 50; Red. $4 26:
Lima. $•"• e.Vff:s 75; Red Kidneys. $4 25; Black
eyes $2 4002 45 r<">" cti: -Uorsf Beans v $1 75ft 'J.
Beans and Seeds.
SHORTg— 121*22 per ton. -
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. $23ff23 60
per ton; Oih-ake Meal at the mill. Ml .VX&32 80;
Jobbing. $33: Cocoanut Cake. J22@23: Corn
M»al. S-"O ."iOffKl RO: Cracked Corn. fZW.V2;
Mixed Feed. 5^?(&:'2"J 5!>: Horse Beans. $30ft-»C
per ton; T<ro;>T.j Corn Feed. 90c per ctl.
HAY— Wheat, $S#!2 ?0. with $155113 60 for
extra fin»; Wheat -and Oat fS&12; Oat, ?7 50®
$10 50; Barley and Oat, $:#9; A'olunt«er Wild
Oat, %!CqS»: '*tablp. JifeS 50: stock. $«S7:
Clover.*- S7 o^Sff) 50; Alfalfa. ; 7Q.10 SO per ton.
STRAW -353:65c per bale." .,¦?.,
Feoilstuffs remain as belore quoted.
BHAN— $2l'rfC2 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $24@29 per ton.
' The situation in Hay ! remains unchanged.
Strictly- choice Wheat Hay is In limited sup
ply and' wanted, with buyers cheerfully pay
ing full firtire6, but the medium and lower
grades are weak and very hard to dispose of.
Most or them are b^insr bought in by. the re
ceivers. The railroad officials are still urging
the "'Hay- men to haul their- consignments out
or- the -yards.- .and the "latter -are paying large
demurrage bills tvery day.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Notwithstanding-! the 'advance in California
Flour, the northern grade3 remain about » as
before, as seme , handlers ' are still supplying
the trade at former quotations. ...
FLOUR— California Family Extras. }i 80#
5 10. usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 70$5:
Oregon and Washlnston. jobbing at $3 S5®4 25
per bbl. . • , . . ...
fMILLSTUFFS — Prices ' In - packages - are as
follows:^ Graham Flour.- $3 00 per 100 ¦ lb»;
Rye Flour. $a 50: Rye ileal. $:: 25; K»ce Tlour.
$7; Corn Meal $'<i SO: extra vtam do,'t4 2$;
Oat Greats, t* 50: liominy. $-t®4 25; Buck
wheat Flour |4 5O©4 75: Cracked "Wheat. 94;
Farina. $4 50; Whole ¦ Wheat Flour, $3 76:
Rolled Oats. bbls. $7 25@S 60; In sacks, $6 750
8 10; Pearl Barley. -f£; Split Peas, boxea. ft.
Green Peas. $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour ami Millstiiffs.
'Wall street stocks lower on the day. Cotton higlier.
•LigkStr trading on th* local exchanges.
Bar.h clearings gain $1,906,000 over last year.
' Ifihcal market still very firm in all positions.
Barley quiet, Kith less demand in the interior.
- Oafs, Corn and Rye steadily held.
. Railroad yards still overloaded with Hay.
' Flour, Millstuffs and Feedstuff s unchanged.
•Beans and Seeds as previously quoted.
. Potato market showing some improvement. Onions weak.
'. I'tgrtable market heavily supplied and weak.
. Poultry and Game markets well cleaned up.
Warmer weather improves the tone of Fruit market.
Nothing nezv in Dried Fruit and Nuts.
¦ Conditions in Provisions as before stated.
. Cattle, Sheep and Hogs unchanged.
¦ Butter and Clxeese in large supply and zveak.
Eggs continue to advance slowly.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Ttnn Coal & Iron.. 1,400 44 4S'-i 43
'i f pather SOO 7% 7J," 7»S
y S Leather pfd... 300 85*4 S5>* S5K
U S Realty ,.., 47-
U S Rubber.... /.... 18'i
US Rubber pfd , 75
'; S Steel 4,600 11 TJ 11% 11%
US Steel pfd 2.600 5S»£ 68 5 68^
W«trt»nghoL'se Blec 159
Western Unloi .... 100 89^4 80»i 89
Black. $1 25®1 So for feed and ?1 4<Xg>l 55 for
seed. ¦ ". . ' , '. •
CORN— There was no further change in the
local ' situation. ¦ Brokers' wires from Chicago
said: "The strength is on" the advance in
T\ r heat and lower temperatures over the corn
belt. Nothing in the way of frost la predicted.
but -as the crop needs -warm weather following
the- rains low temperatures cause apprehen
sion. The . country has been", selllns Corn
freely the past two days. The cash situation
is a minor proposition at the moment. The
demand is only moderate."
Western sacked. $1 47 l /i@l 50 fcr Yellow and
White and $1 45@1 47'i. for Mixed; California
large Yellow. Ji 5&jl 57'/j: small round do.
fl 65@1 e2t&: .'White- -nominal: Esyptian, $130
©1 35 for "White and $1 25©1 oO fcr Brown.
RYE— $1 25@1 30 per ctl. « • •
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal at ?1 7B©2 per : ctl.
ingr. crop. ; . September- closed, %c higher at 5tc
an* December *»c higher at 53 ft c.
Oats at>the outset-were strong, the tone be
ing ' Influenced entirely by other grains. Local
lone selling 'caused a reaction to 31c, where it
closed firm and unchanged for -the .September
option. ' ¦ , * ¦ ' -
Provisions ruled >flrm, : -with only moderate
activity manifested. The price .of • live hogs
was 3c higher and had Its influence in demand
for provisions'. September pork closed 6c to
7>£c higher; lard wa« up a • shade and ; ribs
gained 2 J /ic. v
, The leading, futures ranged as follows:
"Articles — Open. High. Low. . Close.
Wheat Xo. 2 — • ...
Sept., old... 1 12 1 12V 1 10>i 1 -12U
Sept.. new.. 1 11 1 11'% 1 08»i 1 1O«*
December .. 1 13 1 13«« 1 10& 1 12%
May ...... 1 16 1 16& 1 14 1 1&»;
Corn Ko. 2 —
September .. ¦ M«,4 54 H 5?.% . 54
December . . 63% 53% fi2;, MV,
M«r 53 53 12 12K
Oats No. i— "
September .. S4»i S4% • 34. 3*
December .. ."56% 85<* So** SSU
May -7N 37T« 37?, STJi
Mess Pork,- per bbl — _
September .,11 77^ 11 S2'i 11 67'i 11 8A T
October 11 80 11 BO 11 75 11 87V4
Jaimary- ...'.13 W* 13 *"% 13 00 13 12^,
Lard, per 300 lbs—
September .. 6 ST'i 6 M'4 « 87Vi « »9
October C tt\i 7 W%j 6 »iy 2 7 OO
January 7 03 7 10 C 7 05 7 10
Short Rlba, Per 100 lbs —
September ..7 45 7 60 7 40 7 45
October 7 E2U 7 55 7. 47«i 7 52«i
January .... t> 87^ 6 S7«i 6 &:»i 6 87^i
THE SAN FRANCISCO \QMSL.r. SUNDAY, : AUGqST : 21, 190i.
STOCK MARKET.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
39
AUCTION SALES
TO THE TRADE AND PUBLIC
AT AUCTION
SALE
HARDER BEHLOW FURNITURE CO.
Manufacturers of Parlor Pural-
ture. Couches, Xiouaffes. Etc.
$15,000 BANKRUPT SALE
All mw. clean soo^s; over 100O lots: parlor
suites, sofa beds, davenports, easy cnairs. odd
parlor pieces, etc.. etc. Removed for con-
venience of sale to
! WILSON'S AUCTION ROOMS
: 818-820 Mission St., Near Fourth.
Sal» commences 11 o'cloclc a. m.
WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 24, 1904
and ¦will contiau* until all sold— without re-
serve or limit.
NOTE— Country dealer* thoutd attend ihlm
sale.
WILSON BROS.
Auctioneer*.
*• At Auction £»
•On MONDAY. August 22. at 11 o'clock, at
Urn INTERNATIONAL, HORSE MARKET.
corner Twelfth and Harrtsroi sts.. I will sell
6O head of broken aud unbroken horses an4
on«» handsome Shetland pony, cart and har-
ness; this pony Is perfectly «?nt!« aad can
be ridden er driven fcy children. Th« al>ov*
*tock must and «ill be sold. S. W ATKINS.
Auctioneer.
jrv^ T'o close out my entlro stork of 37 work
"**-»^» and drlvinjr hor«>*<p, 4 surr*>-3. 4 to-j
bugsles. U cart3. 12 rrad an.i business bug.
»ri<«s and 30 sets of Hin?l- ami double harn-*..
j^nlll sf>ll at 1140 Kolsom st.. Tuesday. Auj.
; 23. 11 a. ni.. th- entire Mack at auctl"ii
ffW. 'XOT-QH. Au.tloneer.
AD y-KRTIS E31 E.NTS.
I*. V. STARR. rRED Tf. DULFER.
STARR & GOLFER
COMMISSION STOCK BROKERS
TONOPAH AND GOLDFIELD
MINING STOCKS
Information gladly furniahtd. .
MmbTJ Offlces
?. F. & Tonopah 213 Sansom* st.. 5.K.
l Mining Tonopah. Nev.
: Exchange. CcldflelJ, N'ev.
ADVEltXLsEME?iTS.
NEW YORK. ."- SAN FRAXCISCO.
Telephone Call 3177 .Broad. Telephone Call Mala" 3070. ¦
&F.HUTTON&CO.
Bankers and Brokers
'f/£l - -MEMBERS
¦U> ~X\'*-:''. /iijNEWTOnK STOCK EXCHANGE.
, NEW TORK COTTON EXCHANGE.
. - "NEW YORK CO1>*FEE EXCHANGE.
CHICAGO BOARD OF TRADE.
"STOCKS, BONDS, COTTON, COFFEE, GRAIN, PROVISIONS
BXCXABD X3. aTTTLCAHT. MAJTAOEK
San rKAsrcisco
490 CALlfORWIA STREET 33-35 NEW STREET "
SAN FRANCISCO. . NEW TORK.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', SUNDAY, AUGUST 21, 1904.
40
REAI. ESTATE — CTTT— fOB SAI.E.
C. M. WOOSTER CO.. WS MARKET ST.
Builders. Speculators, Attention!
$9500— Northeast corner of Grove st>; 100x106
feet.
SPECIAL REDUCTION
TO FORCE SALE.
$3000— Reduced from $35C0: a handsome mod-
ern flats in the best possible condition:
always rented for %2Si: close to Twenty-
fourth and Sanchez sts.: »sc this quick.
BUSINESS CORNER.
?00CO— Rents $1101; coraer lot, 30xS0; 2 stores
ar.d flats, never vacant; near ?ixth at.,
improvements In good condition.
THE BEST BUY IN TOWN.
$7500— Three splendid flats, in the best condi-
tion; never vacant; rents fMlt; lot
100; on Sixteenth St.. near Sanchez.
$16500— North side Hayes St.. 14 blocks from
Market; lot 27:6x120. to rear St.: 4
flats ;rcnts flKJO; great property, with
a treat future.
$0CO0 — Two handsome, sunny, modern flats
and n. beautiful little rear cottage: In
the h?art of tho Mission warm belt;
beautiful lawn, flowars. fruit trees, etc- :
rents $S10; lot 4.".xl22:6; half of lot
vacant and can be imuroved with more
flat*.
S55C0— Make offer; 3 flats, 5-6-6 rooms each;
rented low, $t'00; on dementia St.,
near Fifth.
$40,000^ — 43x120; Sutter St., near Larkln.
EDbY ST.. NEAR VAN NESS AVE.
$15,500— Lot o2xl20, t\ rear Btreet; large 2-
story and basement residence; 10 rooms
and bath, etc.; could easily be remod-
eled to flats. ,¦.:.-'¦.•
CHOICE RESIDENCE.
$9750 — Beautiful modern residence on Wash-
ington St., near Webster; lot 25:4x
127:3 '4; 9 rooms and bath.
$3100— Sunny side Perry et.. near Fourth: 2
good flats; rents $360.
$5000— Three 6-room houses in the very best
condition on Bernard st., near Taylor;
rents $504; lot 47 -feet front.
A SNAP.
$0750 — Three new modern flats of 6 rooms and
bath each;' rents $1080: lot 25x100; on
McAllister st.
$7500— Pays $390; 4 new flats on Tweaty-flith
et., near Castro; always rented; lot
22x114.
$C75O— Elegant modern residence; 9 rooms and
large stable in rear; lot 26:6^x137:6;
good-sized L-; near Pierce and Califor-
nia; is great big value.
$3C00— Rents $660; lot 44x80; 6 rood flats:
near the water front.
$41,000 — Rents S4S0O per annum; secured lease
6 years; new modern apartment house of
60 rooms, etc.; 2 frontages; fashionablo
neighborhood; near Van Ness ave.
$16.500^ — New apartment house: Western Addi-
tion; corner; rents nnder 5 years' ae-
cured lease, $1SW) per annum.
Don't fall to get a copy of our August cata-
logue.
C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 648 Market rt.
MADISON & BURKE
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
ESTABLISHED JANUARY, 1833.
30 Montgomery st Opposite Lick House
$40.000 — Corner on Octavla St.. -near Sutter:
flats renting for over tt per cent; lot
60xS7:6.
$10.750— Page st.: 2 up-to-date flats. 6 and 7
rooms and bath; annual rent $900.
$3,500— Natoma st., near 8th; two good flats,
with high basement; rents $436 per
annum; lot 23x73; must be sold.
$3,250 — Beaver St.. near Noe: beautiful cot-
tage, just the thing for a small family;
flne garden.
$3,100 — Harrison st.. near First; house rents
$18; lot 20x68:0.
$4,000 — Tenth St., near Harrison; lot 22x100;
rent $32.
LOTS
$4,100— Fillmore St., near Grove; lot 25x
107 :«.
$1,600^ — Fourteenth ave. and A st. corner; 120
feet on the new park panhandle.
$3.000 — Two flne lots; Beulah st., near Stan-
yan; 50x137:6.
$3,500 — Tremont ave., west line; 6-room cot-
tage In flne condition; near Frederick st.
$1,975 — Harrison st., near 2Sth; flne cottage.
: - 5 rooms and bath; lot 23x110; cheap.
$1,500 — Chattanooga st., near Twenty-third;
large lot, 65x117:6 to rear street.
Lots 27:6x137:6, on Sutter st., between Stelner
and Pierce.
Building lots. NE. corner Golden Gate ave.
and Baker st.; In sizes to suit; prices
from $2tX>0 upward.
Three lots, each 27^0x137:6, on south line of
Geary St.. near Fillmore.
MADISON & BURKE,
30 Montgomery st., opp. Lick House.
REAL ESTATE SECURITY CO.'
$45,000 — 6th St., corner near Folsom: 3 build-
In-s, consisting of 2 stores and 4 flats
of 6 rooms each and lodging-house of
20 rooms; rents ?24O per month; could
be Increased to ?270; lot 50xS3.
$35,000 — A downtown corner of 4 stores and
30 rooms and baths upstairs, paying
J30CO per year; this is a flne invest-
ment: near Clay and Powell.
$25,000 — South of Market investment: 4 stores.
4 flats. 6 rooms each: rented low at $180
per month; on Folsom st., near 5th'
50x00.
$7,250—2 flats in the Western Addition of 6-7
rooms and bath; rents for $70 per
month; 6 years old.
$7,0<J0 — North Beach investment; 4 houses of
6 and 9 rooms and bath each; rents
$720. should pay $*vlO: lot 40x122. facing
2 street?, near Stockton and Lombard.
f 7,000 — A flne corner in the Mission; store,
flat and stable; building 6 years old
and cannot be built for $7000; let 23x
97:6.
$6,500— Beautiful modern residence on Pine
St.. near Pierce: lot 28:6x137:6. with L.
!> rooms and 2 baths; stable, driveway
\ incrtzage $45CO can remain at 6 per
" cent.
$4,500— Cottage In the Western Addition; 5
rooms and. bath; 23x100; near Pine and
Fillmore sts.
$3,730— $500 cash, bal. easy payments; 2 flats
just coniDltted. 4S Union ave., near
t Golden Gate Park; will rent for $40;
unruestionahly a rare bargain
REAL ESTATE SECURITY CO.*
130 Montgomery st.
CURRAN CLARK. 536 MARKET ST.
$15,000 — Broadway, near Franklin; flne modern
residence; 11 r. ; all latest conveniences;
larro W. '.??>'¦!.
$S,000 — Webster, nr. Broadway; modern 8-r.
residence; marine view.
?7,000 — Locust, nr. Jackson: flne T-r. resi-
dence; finished basement.
$3,S0O — Diamond". nr. Jersey; 2-story 6-r.
house: finished basement.
$2,600 — Jersey, nr. Sanchez; nice bay-window
ccttare: 5-r. and b. ; high basement.
.?2,2C0— Florida, nr. 26th; cottage, 5 rooms
lar^e yard.
Several bank foreclosure properties for sale
at very reasonable figures.
WHY don't you make a start If you have any
Intentions of ownins your own home and
thun rid yourself of paying rent? Does It
not look invltin? to you to apply the money
for a shelter for yourself and family. In-
stead of throwing It away on a bunch of
rent receipts? Consult the ones who have
made the ch<»n~e which w<» are suggesting
to you and, they will t-11 you they bless the
day when ihey made the start In that di-
rection. Come to see us; we will outline the
. plan for you. which you cannot help but ac-
cept. WEIFSnEIN BROS. & CO.. Horn*
Providers, 016 Sacramento st.
POINT RICHMOND.
HA NT A FE TRACT.
If you want tn make meney, get some lots In
the Santa re trad at Point Richmond
$5 Monthly.
On completion of electric road prices will be
largely advanced.
McEWEN BROS.. ?18 Montgomery st.
WE will build you a 4lpr 5 room, cottage on
one of these c-olce D*- Wolf st. lots, near
Ocean View station, and will sell it to> you
on easy terms, like rent, or you can build
yourself and we will lend you the money to
do tr>. nn the same easy payment plan.
McEWEN BROS.. 113 Montgomery st.
BARGAIN — Account of departure; completely
furnished residence. ,9 rooms, all sunny
bath, conservatory, basement and Iaundrv
lot* frontlne 2 streets: lawn. Cowers and
shrubbery: or. will rent for 1 year or longer
729 Ashbury st., bet. Frederick and Wall<r
9 to 1. _
$3730— GREAT bargain! New, modern 1U-
xFtory (5-r. cottage and finished basement on
J st., near 9th ave.: easy terms. SOL OETZ
& SON, room 54, 4th floor. Chronicle bldg.
REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT— South Marl
ket; house 7 rooms; lot 20x60; can be mad*
into flats at small cost. 410 Kearny st
room 9.
FOR sale— Cheap, neat cottage: * rooms and
bath: terms same a» rent. Apply owner,
lumber yard. cor. Army and Condon sts.
$8000—3 NEW flats. 4-4-5 rooms: 4-room cot-
tage and barn; cor. lot; . 25x114-.- rent $S3
Owner, 208 Vlcksburg at., near 24th..
TWO lots and 2 houses; $20 a month rent; price
11400. Call 3223 Harrison «C
E35AI. ESTATE — CITV— fOB SAIiS.
OSCAR HEYMAN and '
TliK JACOB HE I'M AN COMPANY,
14 POST ST.
NEW SUBDIVISION.
NEW SUBDIVISION.
FORTY-EIGHTH AVE. LOTS.
FORTY-EIGHTH AVE. LOTS.
Only S3 feet from the Ocean Boulevard.
TWENTV-THREE LOTS
New being placed on the market on 47th and
4Sth aves. ; grand view of the ocean: lots level
and ready to build on: secure yourself a lot In
this fine locality;* don't delay; they are sell-
ing rapidly. - . ,
ONE HUNDRED DOLLAR LOTS.
Near Oceanside House; line opportunity to
secure a lot on easy terms.
THREE HUNDRED DOLLAR LOTS.
One block from the Ocean Boulevard; only
nine lots left.
RICHMOND LOTS.
Forty-seventh ave. and Fulton st. ; close to
Cliff House and only one block from the elec-
trlc.cars; lots level, fenced and ready to build
on; tour houses now b«lng built adjoining.
TWENTY-THIRD AVE., NEAR FULTON ST.
Choice lots; one block from the electric cars;
cheap.
EXCELSIOR HOMESTEAD.
$400 each— Three choice building lots on
Paris St., half a block from the Mission-st.
cars.
BUILDING, LOTS.
BUILDING LOTS.
;•- BUILDING LOTS.
In all parts of the Mission, PutrCro, Heyman
Tract. ParnatisuB Heights. South San Fran-
cisco; send for diagrams.
LOTS ADJOINING RBIS3 TRACT.
S200 each— Fine, level building lots; one block
from the electric cars; no better lots in that
locality.
CLARENDON HEIGHTS.
$250 each — Two lots, close to Stanyan St.;
grand view of the park and the city.
HOMES ON EASY TERMS. , .
HOMES ON EASY TERMS.
Two new 4-room and bath cottages, each
built on lot 50x120 feet; lot perfectly level;
houses brand new; modern plumbing; only half
block from cars; $15 monthly will pay for one;
take the ! Folsom-st. cars, ride to Silver and
San Bruno aves. and Inquire for Mr. L. Weln-
fctein, who wllf show you tha property.
NO. 827 ALVARADO ST.
Just completed, 5-rconi and bath cottage;
large lot, :?7:6xllS; no liner In that locality;
take MlBsion-st. cam, transfer to 22d. ride to
Hoffman ave.. then ivalk 1V4 blocks to the
property. Agent on premises from 2 to 5 to
show you around.
ELEVENTH ST.
$4250 — Rent $42 50 per month; 4 flats; flns
interest-bearing property.
SIXTH ST.
$20.000— 60xS5 on Sixth st., with 25x75 feet
in rear; buildings in good condition.
FLORIDA ST.
85x100 feet; flats and house; rent $57 B0
j r>er month. \ ; \--
V' FRANCISCO ST.
?1600— Jjot 30x70 leet; near Dupont st.; level
and ready to build on.
WESTERN ADDITION HOME.
Eight roon^. finished basement, attle, sunny
expost~e; In nne <K>ndition; can be bought on
easy terms.
RICHMOND FLATS.
Two newly built flats on California st. ;
4-5 rooms; fine income.
OSCAR HEYMAN, 14 Post at.
DAVIDSON H LKIGH. 207 Montgomery at.
Opposite Mills bldg. entrance. Phone Main 123.
SPEAR-STRKET WATER LOT.
$23,000 — Choice water lot, 45:10x137:0, on
Spoar st., close to Market; rare chanco
for a wholesaler,
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
$15,50O--A beautiful home, new and modern,
11 rooms, bath, servants' rooms, social
hall, conservatory, reception hall and
billiard-room; beam ceilings, paneled
walif. etc.; everything artistic and up
.. to date; furnace for steam heat; owner's
departure from city cause of sale: large
lot, 40x137:8: reduced from $18,000.
. .'" HOWARD'STREET SPECULATION.
$125 per front foot for 1S3 feet by 140 feet;
old Improvements pa- S1020 per year,
and could be doubled, with 100 feet left
to build on; very close In.
; • PANHANDLE FLATS. -
$12,100 — Rents $1260; 8 modern 6-7-7 room flats
¦ . on Baker st.. close to Panhandle; al-
ways rented; lot -25x100. •
GEARY-STREET INVESTMENT.
$10,000 — Improvements pay nearly 10 per cent
net; larse lot. 34:0x137:0. near Laguna
' * St.; owner anxious to sell; make offer.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENTS.
$5,250 — Rents *5S2: two front and two rear
house*, newly renovated and repaired at
big expense; all rented to flrst-class
tenants; large lot, 37:6x112; close to
Sixth and Harrison sts.
?3,500 — Rents $438; six-room residence and
two flats: close to Seventh and Folsom
sts.; always occupied: sanitary plumb-
ing; this property was appraised at
$4200.
SUNNY MISSION COTTAGES.
$2,300 — Modern cottage, 5 rooms and bath,
near 24th and Castro st*. : In excellent
repair; ctfst ?3500; must be sold this
week.
$1,250 — A snap; cottage of 5 rooms and bath;
close to 24th and Diamond sts. ; must be
sold quick: lot belnsr thrown In; see this
Immediately; lot 25x114.
SPECIAL BARGAIN: WARM BELT COT-
TAGE.
$2,850 — Mortgage of $1500 can remain at 6 per
cent: reduced from ?3IW>O: 7 rooms and
bath; wood mantels; brick foundation:
high basement; at small expense could
be mnde into flats; key lot; street ac-
cented; iron fences, large yard, garden
and orchard; the biggeet snap ever of-
fered. /:"."
$775i— For- one week; SW. cor. 24th and
Hoffman ave.; see this to-day; 23x80.
$1,000 — Big corner let. 55x105: Mission warm
belt; grand view; a -bargain.
DAVIDSON & LEIGH. 207 Montgomery st.
SS.r.OO — ASHBURTs 0 rooms, bath: 50x106..
$ IS. (501' — Pine. »r. Mason; 3 flats. 7 r. & b. ea.
S2.RC0 — Hanrock-st. cottnx<\ B rooms, bath.
*3,2<V — ?nnchfz, near 10th; 2 flats.
$1,500 — Church, near 20th; cottajre. 4 rooms.
$3500 — Guerrero, nr. 21«t: residence, S rooms
and b«th; lot 32x117.
SK.nnn — Walln--st. residence. S room*, bath.
$2.5CO— Dolores, nr. 22d; lot 25x117:0.
Noe, nr. IRth: 2 flats. !i and C rooms and bath.
18th St., nr. N«>: 2 flats, 4 and fi rms., bath.
Ccr. Noe and IRth: flne corner. BOxfiO."
Waller, nr.' Shrader: BTixRB; a bargain.
¦ PATTERSON, room 202, Examiner bldg.
A SNAP on the Ocean Beach — :<
Graded lot, 50x120:
Furnished cottace of 4 rooms;
Rented for $S0 a month;
Income over 15 :*r cent per year.
Particulars of B. GETZ,
Room 22, second floor. Chronicle bldg.
CITY OF RICHMOND.
LOTS fS PER MONTH.
The California terminus of the Santa F«
Railroad and the Standard Oil Company Is al
Richmond; just across thw boy from San Fran-
cisco, where these corporations are spending
millions of dollars. ¦ Buy a lot If von want tt
make money. Address RICHMOND LANE
COMPANY. Crocker building. San Francisco.
WB have some special bargains tn city Drop
erty^pleo homes on easy terms In Berkelej
and- Alameda. Call or sond for what yoi
want. ROTHERMEL A: CO., 507 California
NW. CORNER Clement st. and Eleventh ave.;
residence 7 large rooms: onlv $2500 cash re.
quired. W. LILLIE, 031 Howard | et.
$5500 — House 10 rooms;? baths; marine view:
suitable 2 tenement*; Iterms easy; ownei
..leaving city. 1737 Green st.
$1200 FOR 8 level lots fronting on Banks an<!
.Prentlss. bet. Jefferson' and Union aves.; gas
*^vater,sewer;only vacant lots In blk.120 Powcl
$10,500^-3 new modern flats, 6 r. each; reni
: $1170: 2170-78-80 Fulton, bet. Cole and Shm-
der. Apply J. H. KNISE. 23d and Shotwell.
$lirB0O — 3 new modern flats: 6 r. each ;' rents
.$1260: 268-70-72 Frederick, bet Ashbury and
Clayton. . J. H. KNISE, 23d and Shotwell.
FOURTH ave.. bet. Pt. Loboa and A it.
25x120; no reasonable offer* refused. ¦
$1500— Cottage, .V rpoms. bath: < lot 23x100; or
Arlington st. Mission Realty Co., 3207 Mission.
COTTAGE '(or sale, cheap; 6 r. and b.; up-to-
"date; on easy terms. 34 = Bronte' St., < neai
Cortland ave, - ,
THREE elegant new, modern flats; thoroughly
well built, on the corner of 18th and Diamond
rts. D. CONDON. ; builder, on premises.
LOTS south of park to exchange for city prop
erty; will pay cash difference. 410 Kearm
S st.. room .0. •. ;
CHEAPEST Installment homes in town. 170a
17W v San ; Jose ave. ;
. THE CALL'
JOILV I>. SI" 1 1KC W CLS ;. . . . . Proprietor
JOHN McNAUGHT SXanaser ,
A>:Ur?*s CcmmunlcatkT.s ta
\Y. J. MARTIS nasiacssj^lana^-r ;
TEL^HONK.
A*k for THE CALL. The Oj^erator Will; <«•
r.ect you Wltli ibr Department \<>u « .au.
• Publication Cfflcc Market and" Third. S. I'-
Editorial Keen:*....... 217 to 221 Swvensoo *t.
l*!ivered by Carriers. 20 Cta. Per "^f** " 3
Cis. Ter Mor-th. ::inc> Cuyief » Wi.h
Vwi by y»!l, Including Portage (Cash wi.a;
Older): ta „,,
DAILY CALL tteciaL .<un.1ay). 1 year.. *J r '
DAILY CALL riacfeML Bsnday*. C mos- 4 ; t«
DAILY CALL— IJ> fi.ugie MonOi • ftS '
SUNDAY CALL. 1 Y^ur ?•{*? i
WEEKLY CAI-L. 1 \~v*r ••¦• •• /,;'
' rnRPirv irailv...$S.8<) Fer \t&r Extia ;
.FOREIGN I JL «j£ • ; :•••„ yer > >a - r.xtrsi
POSTAGE. Iv.vekly. 1. 00 Per Year Extra j
ALL POBTUAHTEItSWAnE AUTHORIZED!
TO RECEIVR PUKSCRIPTIOXS.
C^nzV* Cotiee v.ri b# forwarded when re- j
iTat! mabfcr'.i-rrs ?a"orteriac rhanse of »^; j
P«r*»« pfcould I* partfeoUr to give b>>th NEW ,
AND OLD ADDRESS ir order to insure a I
prompt and correct corr.plUr.-:* with their te- ,
cuect.
OAKLAND OFFICE: j
J0I6 Broadway Telephone Main 10S3
BERKELEY OFFICE: i
£WS Center Btr*n Tri. phone North < i |
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
6AMITEL W. WALL H 01 * 1 Barton ;
NEW YOR3v NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf -Aetoria Hotel: A. Brentano. 31 ,
Union Square: Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue j
Hotel end Hc.1rr.an House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Efcennan House: P. O. News Co.; Great
'Northern Hotel; Truncnt House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNES = ..Mar<juette Building
(Lcr.g Dietance Tcl?ph:ne. "Central 2«19. )
NEW YORK RHPIIEPENT AT1VE :
ETEPIIEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune BulldSnr
¦
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CAHLTON Herald Square
BUFINE' 6 ? 1 OnCE of the 5»n Francisco Call. •
' corner Market and Third street*; open until j
12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
JOTS Market ureet. errors Fifth: open until .
11 p. IB. '
t27 Mcntg'.mery rtrcet. comer Clay; open until j
9:30 p. m.
• fliifl Hay* straff, open until 9:30 p. m.
?G9 Mc/.llirter i>tre<»t: c;wn until 9:30 p. m.
? 15 Larkin strut: ...j.-«n until 9:30 p. m.
• 3f'41 Mieflon ftr.*»t; opm until 10 p. m.
JOf; Eleventh €tr»«t; open until a p. m.
JCflG Valencia ftre^t: open until 9 p. nu
Kertbeaat corner Chord) and Duncan streets; ¦
orien until J* p- m.
2200 Fillmore t-trect; open until 9 p. m.
EEAL ESTATE — CITY — POB SAU.
LYON at HOA'J ll'i Montgomery «L J
t>r.d fcr cur crimed lift c£ property for i
eaU in all sections of the city.
NEW WESTKKN AUDITION RESIDENCE. ;
IS500 — Easy urns; £2000 cash, balance
monthly; Iw splendid largo rocms. reception hall, j
fc<,; air lurr.ac?, fine basement, etc.: this house
Is L<Jiu;if'jl in cmIcii; commands excellent :
vims; adapted s-tre^t; everything done; In-;
ttrior ftnjfch mwisttaUy trood; Hardwood flooro; •
curly t.jdwco'l 1:: halls ttc: dinlns-room es- ;
itcljliy *Ub'jra:<!: tak- Haight-st. caia. ge». [
«.iti et Jtcoit Kt. >vCd walk two blocks south to j
• lKiboce ave.: r..-ute clos» to l>ubo'« I'ark; opea
daily :or infi^ctica between 11 and 4. :
RICHMOND U>TS^-KASY TURMS.
(4Z><> to SUV- $30 -&*li. balance monthly; flne
levtl V.ts rrji&r for tuilOirik-: 35th ave. and t
I'olni Lob.*: *utrj ctrs |>ass property; six new
'. I.u.ji3ii:«t fcuJns u)i at present time.
JliK*' each — Two lots on loth ave., near ;
J\i:jt L^bo*; ZSxUtt; a oargain. :
OOaXKE i'AKK fANHANDLE.
HXSZO-^ttCDU f :;u-: Z fiats of 7 rooms and
bath cucl:; noithv.-ett corner, in the beet part
of Pa'k I'anhanuJfc; ia.-ce let; abundance of
win ami l'^ht.
FLATS SOUTH OF MARKET.
<ao«i — .1 Hat» en Bryant st., near 3d; 8-3-6 j
TiK,vi* *r.d La'h tich; always rented; modern in i
t:\..ry rr«:*ct.
Mi:.ST HE SOLD AT ONCE.
* $10,CCO— IlT.t »v*-r $1000; brand new building;
r. li.-tT!i".*O!iie f-at*. <i rooms and bath each; fin- I
Ishrd < ii latrsi rtyle. even" modern con- j
v.aiturc; north <-!' »r.<i close to Market at.;
large lot: »oi;;i«l siitet: srl^ndid sun and
I'.c'.it: price retiucoj to make yulck sale; owner
ruupt hate in-ne> ; best investment on our
books. i
*iuoo— I'rfsidlo Ilcichts residence; nice new
h'-U>e; ewell ntisliborliood; large lot; get per-
¦ irlt and tee this at opce.
U!v?IDEXCn XKAK GOLDEN GATE PARK, j
$67r>0 — fSL4) i a^li. balance 5C5 a. month; brand J
kiv r*t id<»r.c<> j» rooms «nd bath; beamed cell- j
inss; electric' lights; near Park; convenient to j
CAl*. !
;"¦•¦• — Rents ?45; double house of 6 and 8 !
r>j<<cnti and bath: also stable; large lot. 55 feet j
ttuEtai/ 1 , nciir Market and lOih; a bargain; i
tee this Bt once:
f273«*— Cottage in Miff ion; handy to two;
;:n** >,( cars: 7 rooms and bath; modern: sta-
• hU; 2T.X114.
MISSION FLATS— A BARGAIN.
S"iC0 — Two. flats. 4 an! 0 rooms and bath; lot
"j.'.Hi, with " trentascs; also stable; positively
the btrt buy on the market.
FLATF NEAR DCBOCE PARK. j
S— fXj — Two Ijraml tifw flats. 5 rooms and j
\ . bain »ach. n«"*r Dulioee Tark. These flats are ,
cicely finished aril in a good neighborhood.
LYON & HOAG. 110 Montgomery st. !
GHEAT BIG LOTS. . . j
' N^ar tlie station in M<11 Valley. Why buy a \
final! iot In a poor n<>i?ht)Cr!ioo1 when you can j
secure a Sne lr»rg« lot fame distance from your j
work. f=urrcur.<ic-'J by desirable neighbors, Bplen- j
did climate, hue vater. schools, etc.? Call or
write for ittastnted booklet, prices, «tc.
LYON & HOAG. 110 Montgomery st.
SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT
SHLC1AL ANNOUNCEMENT
NEW SUBDIVISION
NEW SUBDIVISION
$1400 TO $2250
$1400 TO $2250
y EAST TERMS
The beautiful r.ew b'ock bounded by Duboce
a\e.. I>«visa<iero. 14th and Castro sts. is now |
ready for tale. The streets are all made.
Devlsadero fct.. Uuboce ave and I4th -*. axe
sewered, bltumlnized and granite curbed.
Don't delay. S^e this property at once.
Houses are already built or in course of
erection. A few lots are already sold, so go
t<v<Jjiy and »*<• the property and secure your
choice (there is always a choice).
No property ia the city so close to town for I
the money, l^ots twice the distance are selling I
for as much more. R»roerr.ber they command !
flne views, as they are slightly elevated; tha
hills to the west wotect it and make It the
warmest enot in the city. Good neighborhood
and fine surroundings. Near Duboce Park.
Easy terms., ore-fifth cash, balance In 2. 3
and 4 years, or will make them to suit you
Take Halght-atreet cam, get off at Scott or
Devlsadero st; land two blocks distant. Branch
office on the property; open dally. Including
Sundays, from 11 to 4. Don't delay.
LTON & HOAG.
110 MONTGOMERY ST.
r HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK I/5T8.
W« Lead In Sales of Oceansld« Lota! Why?
Cbotc* et. Locations! Lowest Price*! Mildest
Climate!
Don't 2Ils» This Golden Opportunity!
$500 to $1200— Graded ready t or. building.
Splendid view of ocean from every lot.
frothing like It in thla city. All bargains!
Easy terms!
1100 to $800— Near park and ocean; $5 monthly.
OceanslS* branch offlce. corner H at and
47th are.; also corner 43th ave. boulevard and
K tt. Open Sundays.
*500 to S1200 — Choicest Sunset lots; $10 month
$500 to 11200 — Choicest Sunset lots; |x0 monthly
$300 to $1000— Cheapest Richmond Iota and
near Epreckcls Lake and. park; on Installments.
$150 to $irso— Level Excelsior Homestead
Ictt; $5 monthly.- • ' -
$1000 to $4000 — Modern Cottar* s in Sunaet.
Richmond. Ocvaneide and Excelsior Homestead
Low prices! Easy terms!
SOL GETZ & SON, Owners and Dealers
PRocm M. Chronicle Building. '
ELEGANT horce In Mission warm belt; 8 large
sunny rooms: stable and carriage house in
rear; lot S0xll4 feet; trill be «old for less
than cost cf Improvement* ; on easy terms.
Aprly 1334 Castro et.. near Twenty-fourth.
$J60O — COTTA'JIT, 4 rooms, large yard; 220
28th ft.; with good coal business. $000 — -
Cottage. 4 rooms; 3 lots;. 714 Munich st. Lot
In ifc* Mlwlon on *>ssy ft-rms. ->D. COFFIN,
££& X.it:'.M tt.. bet 21st end 224.
BEATi ESTATE — CITY — rOB SALE.
AUCTION.
1 AUCTION.
AUCTION.
~* 1-0 "MONTGOMERY • ST.
Tli* foHnwing choice investment at:U unsm-
jircvcti properties wiij be offered at our eales-
Kom, iu Montgomery »t.. Mor.dsy, August ££.
at )~ o'clock noon. ¦
JOHN L.VOXS ESTATE.
The two following yrorwrtles must be eold to
close the ab'jve cmif. Subject to confirmation
l-y the Superior Court : : '.'.¦/
XO. I.
720 Natoma st.. NWVline. be.t. 8th and Oth:
frame Improvements consist of dwellings and
its tie; loi oQx'ii. '¦¦
NO. 2. :
Eleventh Et, XK. Un#, between Folsom and .
Harrison; lot 5*1x205 to Juniper st. ; partly |
covered with .old iniprov«n:euti; choice manu-
facturing site.
OAK-ST. FLATS.
42:t Oak st. and -J22 Lily ave.. between
I^acur.a anj Huol.stnan em. : improvements Con-
*ist of two flat* of 5-4 room! and bath each
one: two cottages or 3 nvrni* each: rents $f.O 5f>
per month: t>at:k )u-:i uau* $W.V at U J>er cent
tin retrain: iot 2.".xl2ii.
FHANIC FRATES ESTATE.
Southeast corner of Oak s-t. ami Central ave.;
lot 4t»:r.xllO; choice corner, overlooking park;
Boat l>e fold to rloge above estate.
LAXGTON-ST. INVESTMENT.
237 l.nr.Rtor, st.. NE. line, between Harriaon
end Bryant: improvement* consist cf two well-
built dwellings of !»-4 looms each; rents $l!S
per month: lot :'5x7Ii.
MARINE VIEW RESIDENCE LOT.
lievlsadero ft.. c-a«t line, between Green and
Union; a choice residence lot. commanding a
good marine view; lot :{4xU:.*:l \i.
J. PHSLAN ESTATE. .
NE. cor. Twentieth and Missouri sts.: partly
ccA«-«-d with two frtn:e dwellings ; rents nom-
inal: Jot KK>xlW>; subject to confirmation by j
Superior Court.
MISSION INVESTMENT. I
I 2S-X2-4 Twenty-second tt.. north line, between
Harrison and Alabama; improvements consist
o? two flats of 5-4 rooms each; lot 25x100.
CHOICE RICHMOND CORNER.
Eleventh ave. and California ist.. NE. cor-
ner: lot :!2:<5xlU0.
ALAMEDA COUNTY RANCH.
REFEREE SALE.
SUBJECT TO CONFIRMATION BY SU-
PERIOR COURT. .:,.;.
No increased bid can be offered In court
after sale.
This ranch If located four miles NE. of Liv-
ermore; consists of 3S5 acres: being portion
section* S ar.d 4. township 8 fouth. range east
I M. 1\ B. and M: also the right-of-way 25 feet
vi*.!e ov^r the road as at present traveled »
from th» northerly Hue of tha above described j
property to the county road; near schoolhouse |
; on the northerly portion of said eectlon 3.
For further particular.* acu catalogue apply
at our office.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
20 MONTGOMERY ST.
: G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 20 Montgomery St.
FLATS.
: $G250 — Rents $672 per annum, which could eas-
ily be increased; cloee to Thirteenth and
Howard ft*." 3 desirable flats of 5-4
rooms and bath each; a *nap.
$6250— Only £1500 cash required; 2 new cor-
ner*"ate: Ninth av. : Richmond District.
$4730-— Rents $560 i>er annum: close to Seven-
teenth a-.d Castro ets; 2 modern flats of
• V - eu-5 rooms and bath each; building alone
worth the money.
¦ $4750 — Rents $r.lO per annum; close to Twenty-
fifth end Howard sts.: 2 well built flats
of 6-5 r.«.ms and bathf*ach. with Bta-
hle on rear end of lot, which has two
frontages.
$2G00— Splendid buy: rents $363 per annum;
Broadway, mar Jones St.; 3 flats of
' 4-:{ rooms each; steadily rented; a bar-
gain.
INVESTMENTS.
¦ $5200 — Rents $(>72 rer annum; splendid busi-
ness corner on Twenty-third et. : lm-
proveznenta crnsist of 2 stores and flat;
a FplencVd buy.
; $4750 — Rtnts $570 rer annum; Clara St.; 4
choice flats of 3 room* each, in per-
fect order: bank mortgage of $2250 at
•j x>fT cent can remain.
! $4600 — Rent« $720 per annum; Shipley St.; lm-
: provements consist ef o front and 2
rear flats, all In perfect order; sanitary
: plvmtinK. etc.; always rented; owner
: mutt sell.
' $46DO — Kents ?ri2 ner annum; Langton et. ; 4
fiats of 5-4 rooms each; in good order
and alwayF rented.
$4500 — Rents tr>4O ivr annum: near Pacific and
Hyde sts.; a gsnd building, containing
More and flat, with cottage in rear; a
liarpaln.
i $1000 — Twenty-fourth st. ; choice piece of busi-
ness property; improvements consist of
store and flat; excellent location; a
*nap.
$3750 — Her.ts ?450 per annum: corner eouth
of Market Et. : 4 flats of 4-3 rooms and
bath c-ach; owner must s?H, being an
absentee.
I $3500 — Rents $40« r*>r annum; Perry Bt.: 3
good flats of 5 rooms ar.d bath each;
1 ¦ brick foundations, etc.; a splendid buy.
COTTAGES.
$3500— A new P.ichmond- cottage, containing 7
rooms and bath, • and rented at present-
for $.10 i»er month; only $1000 cash re-
quired. -,- -.;•¦>
j $2800 — A de.'irp.ble cottage, clcse to Howard
! and Twelfth sts., with stable in rear;
i renting for f21 per month. •¦. ¦
I $2600 — Make offer: Jersey st.; a desirable bay
: window cottar* of a rooms and bath;
a splendid opportunity to secure a cheap
ho:r.e. , .¦-. = : -
¦ $2CC0— CK-be to Twenty-third and Dolores Ms. :
bay window cottage of 5 rooms and
bath; high basement, etc.; a cosy home.
j $2000 — York ft. ; .-- cozy bay window cottage of
5 rooms and bath, with high basement;
j . In perfect order.
. For further particulars of the above and for
the Real Estate Record, containing a list of
properties for sale in all parts of the city,
inquire at our offlce.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
20 Montgomery st.
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneer*.
HOAG & LANFDALE.
10S Montgomery et..
Telephone Main 78.
I $12.000 — Bartlett-et. lot. 130x117 feet to an al-
ley; old improvements; flne location for
: fiat?; offer wanted. I
I $11,000— Pine Bt.; 3 flats. 7. 6 and 8 rooms; I
Tints $102; lot 27:6x137:6 feet.
I $22,000 — Corner on O'Farrell St.; 3 flats, 8, 9
and 11 rooms: rent* $100; lot 30x110 ft.
i $4,750 — Stevenson st.; 2 flats, 4 and 5 rooms;
rents $io 50: lot 25x77:6 feet.
I $7,500 — Fourteenth st. ; 2 flats, 5 and 6 rooms;
rent $60; lot 31:6xlC8 feet.
$13,000 — Van Ness ave. ; 2 flate, 7 and 9 rooms;
rente ?05; lot 25x109 feet; key lot.
$6,000 — Golden Gate ave.; '2 flats. 5 and 6
. rooms; rents $55; lot 25x137:6 feet.
$4,500 — Harrison st. ; 2 flats. 0 and 7 rooms;
rent S38; lot 25xlC0 feet. :
$10.000— Eighth St.: 4 flalg, 2 in the rear; rant |
$75; mortgage $CCCO can remain; lot 50x
75 feet.
Jiu.000 — Washington st.; 3 flats, 7 rooms each;
rents $123; lot 25x102 feet.
$2,800— Richland ave.. near Mission st.; cot-
tage, 6 rooms; easy terms if desired.
$5,250 — Twenty-fifth ft.; cottage of 8 rooms;
lot 25x110 feet.
$S.5OO — Clay-st. residence, about ten rooms;
• lot 25slo5 feet; offer wanted.
$5,250— Bush st.; 2 flats, 5 rooms each; rent
• $40; lot 23x87 feet.
$6,000— Comer lot on ValleJo St.. size 45x
112:0 feet; flne marine view; ready to
build on.
$20,000— Suiner st. ; 3 flats, 7. 8 and 8 rooms-
rents $140; lot 27:6x100 feet,
j $2,500 — Caselll ave., near Eighteenth st.; cot-
¦ tage 5 rooms; lot 50x121 feet; offer
' wanted.
$7.000— Fair Oaks et.; 2 flats, 5 and 6 rooms;
rents $62 60.
$5,000— Howard-st. cottage of about 8 rooms;
lot 80x122:6 feet; offer wanted.
HOAG & LANSDALE.
1C8 Montgomery st.
Telephone Main 78.-
BALDWIN & STETSON. ~ *
317 Montgomery st., near Pint.
Over 20 years' experience In San Francisco.
Real Estate Agents. Rent Collectors.
¦ Full charge taken of property
Fire Insurance Agency. Telephone Grant 137.
See to-day's Chronlclo different list.
Wa advertise only bargains.
Call at our offlce and get full particulars.
$70,000— Partly Improved, and low rental pays
over 8 per cent net; corner, 187:6x137 -6
not far from Market and Kearny sts* '
$11,600— Bent $1260: 3 elegant, modern flats
and lot 25x100. near the Park.
$7.250— Nlc« sunny home of 9 rooms and bath
etc.. Baker et. ¦ •
$4.000— Near the Park; substantial house; ean
be changed Into 2 flate at small outlay;
$2,750— Rent |276; near 16th and Valencia
sts.; houce of 7 rooms and bath.
*2,000— 10 minutes* ride to City Hall; Mis-
sion warm belt; substantial house of C
rooms, bath; brick foundation.
BALDWIN & STETSON. 317 Montgomery st.
FOR sale or exchange for Improved San Fran--
Cisco property — 160 acres of vineyard land;
5 miles of G,len Ellen. Sonoma Co.; 10 acres
bearing vineyard; 30 pasture; 30 under culti-
vation, hay. etc.; t»0 acres timber land, red-
wood, pine and oak; plenty of living springs:
flne county road: good 6-room, house; 2
larr.f; 2 cabins; chicken-houses; 3 .work
horses, warona and all necessary tools; title
perfect." ¦ For more • particulars . call at 20
i Lafayette Et., bet. 11 and 12. bet. Mission
and Howard sts.. San Francisco, Cal.
$4500— MODERN house. 11 rooms, -enameled
bath; every room sunny; bank mortgage-
rnuEt eel! quick; corner. 184 ¦ Clipper st.;
FINE N.E. cor. 1 Sanchez St.— rStore and 4
rcota« and bath. above; also cottage 6 rms
rtntlnr for $31 60. Apply 332 27th «t. "
REAI. ESTATE— CITY— FOR BASE.
BOARDMAN BROS. & CO.,
.,!-¦,-- • Rear Estate Agents,
138 Montgomery st.
r SPECIAL BARGAINS.
$10,5C0— Bryant St.. nr. Third; lot 60x80; good
improvements : always rented; brick
foundation; $10SO a year.
$8,000 — Valencia t,t. ; bargain; modern store
and flat; renting now for $5U; can be
* increased at once "to $70."
CHOICE INVESTMENTS.
$43,0CO— Misslcn business corner; best Improve-
ments; always rented on 8 per cent
basis.
$51, COO— Western Addition business Investment;
NE. coiner: rtores and flats; all well
rented; $2650 per annum.
$55,000 — On the water rront, not far from Mar-
ket st.; '2 frontages; a water lot; If Im-
proved would pay handsomely; a turn
can be made here; must be sold.
$1S,COO— Taylor et. ; magnificent NW. cor. In
choice neighborhood; flne marine view;
' location suitable fur residence, flats or
apartment-houre.
$12,000 — Clone to Market st.; 3 handsome mod-
ern flats; $l&j0 a year; nearly 10 per
cent net.
$12,000 — Misslon-st. business Investment; good
Improvements; flne lot; $1200 yearly.
510.000 — Clo3«'to Panhandle; 2 elegant mod-
ern flats, paying $1044 yearly.
$S,000— Near Market St.; a elegant, modern
flats; $S70 a 'year; a great snap.
$7,500 — Castro at., near ISth; business prop-
erty; new buildines; $720 per annum.
$6.70C — Close i to 15th and Market; 2 brand
new. flats; very attractive; $660 yearly.
$5,000— Good Western Addition investment;
key lot, 37:6x120; two frontages; rent
$40: pays 8 per cent net.
$5,000 — Twenty-second st., near Guerrero; 4
good 'flats; rent $51 per month.
$3.600 — Two splendid Mission flats; rent $32
per month.
$2,250 — Close to Folsom and 11th; store and
flats; a good little Investment, paying
?3'JO a year.
DO YOU WANT A HOME?
$17,500 — ValleJo St.; handsome residence of 11
rooms; grand marine view.
$13,500 — Handsome corner house on Frederick
St.; built for use of owner; offered at
actual cost.
$8,000 — Presidio Heights; thoroughly modern
and attractive S-room house.
$4.000 — Mission home of 6 rooms; modern
plumbing; beautiful garden and flne
view.
$3.000— McAllister st., nr. Golden Gate Park;
very pretty cottage; modern.
$2,500 — Fine Mission cottage, near Castro-st.
car line; 0 rooms and bath; lot 26x114.
$l,S50 — 50- foot lot and cottage; north side of
25th. st.: a bargain for homeseeker.
$12,000 — Magnificent marine view lot In Pre-
sidio Heights; wide view cannot be cut
off; choicest neighborhood; 40x110; or
can sell 80 feet for $23,000.
$5,0C0 — Presidio Heights lot; running to Pre-
sidio wall; magnificent view; nothing
on the market better tnan this.
$5.500 — Near Guerrero and 23d; 68x114; snap.
$2.200— Mission snap; 4!> ft. lot. nr. 17th st.
$1,350 — Broderlck. nr. Geary; lot 25x100; or
will sell 50x100 for $3800; no other such
bargain to be found.
BOARDMAN BROS. & CO.. 138 Montgomery st.
VON RlfEIN REAL ESTATE COMPANY.
513 CALIFORNIA ST.
ELLIS- ET. INCOME PROPERTY.
$40,C0O — 00x125; a corner on Ellis at., near
Buchanan; Improvements consist of houses and
flats in good condition, renting lor $312 50 per
nvmth: must be sold at once on account of
departure e-f owner.
SPLENDID INCOME PROPERTY.
$."«0.C<>0— A line of new, up-to-date flats. In-
side of Jones jtt., renting for over $6200 a year.
STEINER-ST. RESIDENCE.
$GCOO— 25x03.0; stelner. near Sacramento; Im-
provements consist of a well-built house of 8
rooms and bath.
NEW HAIGHT-ST. FLATS.
$15,000 — 3 new flats of 7-8-8 rooms, renting
for $132 00 a month.
LARGE MISSION CORNER. '.-
S.E. Corner Howard and 25th; 3 fronts;
07:6xll. r > feet to alley.
FRANKLIN-ST. FLATS.
$20,000 — Franklin St.. near O'Farrell; three
n*w. sunny flats, renting for $170 per month.
RAUSCH-ST. INCOME PROPERTY.
$5000 — Rausch St., near Howard; Improve-
ments conalst of flats, renting for $51 per
month.
NEW ERODERICK-ST. FLATS.
$0750—30x103; Broderick st.. near Green: 2
substantially constructed new flats; marine
view; renting for $75 per month.
FREDER1CK-ST. BUILDING LOT.
$1850—25x100; south line of Frederick St..
near Willard: adapted for home.
PROMINENT UNION-ST. CORNER.
$25,000 — Six new flats of 6 rooms and bath
each, renting lor $26SS cer annum.
CALIFORNIA
TITLE INSURANCE AND TRUST COMPANY
410 MONTGOMERY ST..
MOVED FROM MILLS BUILDING TO MORE
COMMODIOUS QUARTERS IN
HAYWARD BUILDING,.
CAPITAL ONE MILLION DOLLARS.
PATRONS OF. THE CALIFORNIA TITLE
INSURANCE AND TRUST COMPANY get the
beat examinations to be had, free defense In
case of attack, the company's guarantee as
long as you own the land, and free service in
1 closing dea'.s, all fcr one premium.
FALSE IMPERSONATION, INVALID POW-
ERS OF ATTORNEY, Insane grantors and
forged deeds make the Insurance policy of the
California Title Insurance and Truet Company
a universal necessity.
THE ONLY SAN FRANCISCO TITLE IN-
SURANCE COMPANY having a complete lo-
cality plant or copy of the real estate records,
constructed especially for insuring real estate
titles like modern plants of New York, Boston.
'Chicago and Eastern cities; reasonable rates';
regular trust company business transacted un-
der State charter; all matters controlled and
managed by the following
DIRECTORS AND TRUSTEES:
WILLIAM ALVORD.
President Bank of California.
CHARI.ES R. BISHOP.
Vice Pres. Bank of California.
ROBERT BRUCE.
Of Balfour, Guthrie & Co.
HENRY L. DAVIS.
President California Optical Co.
P. N. LILIENTHAL,
Manager Anglo- Calif ornian Bank.
WARREN OLNEY.
Olney & Olney, Atty's and Counselors.
CHARLES PAGE.
Pajre. McCutchen & Knight, Atty's.
A. T. SPOTTS.
Mgr. Cal. Title Ins. and Trust Co.
JOHN R. SPRING,
; : ,-v Capitalist. 630 California st.
HAWKS & SKELTON.
Rents collected and Entire Charge Taken cf
v Property.
! $13,500 — Fine house; Leavenworth, near Clay:
'•;-\ :¦*;¦•¦ f) rooms and bath; laundry it. basement;
buildlnsr In flrst-class condition; view of
Golden Gate from rear.
$(j,50o — Good house and let; Octavla, near
-Broadway; 7 rooms and bath; fine <iew
. of bay from front or rear; this Is a
bargain.
$S,000 — NR. corner Larkin and Lombard;
29:0x110; has superb view of bay; street
work all done; neighborhood growing
fast.
$5,400— Inside lots adjoining above; 27x110;
Hyde-st. cars close by.
5S.000 — NW. corner lot: Larkln and Filbert;
40x100; suserb view of Golden Gate
¦\--i : . ''¦¦¦¦ from renr. . ;
HAWKS fc SKELTON, 523 Montgomery st.
G. A. TURNER & CO.
Do you know the big meney
will be In moderate priced flats?
Hundreds are looking for reasonable rents.
You must have low priced lots
to be able to meet this demand.
.We have a large list of this class of prop-
erties. It is yours for the asking.
Our auto will take you over the ground.
G. A. TURNER & CO., 312 Montgomery st.
. FOR SALE BY
W. B. McGERRY & CO.,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
' 230 Bush st. Mills Building.
Telephone Bush 832.
SPECIAL.
SPECIAL.
SPECIAL.
Nos. 5D-61-C3 Noe St., near Duboce Park; 3
new; modern, up-to-date .flats of 6-6-6 rooms
and bath each: must positively be sold this
week; rents $1440 per annum guaranteed; lot
25x162 feet; agent on premises from 11 a. m.
to 3 p. m. Sunday.
A SURE INCOME RANCHO. .
- 160 acres of prime land, situated within 6
miles of 2 railroad ktations, S. P. and Santa
Fe.; Kern County; 40, acres in paying fruit
trees, balance alfalfa; good dwelling, barns,
etc. ; will be sold • cheap, as other business
compels the owner to 11 v« in 'thla city. Ap-
ply - GAFFEY & MAHON, R-eal Estate
Agents, '505 California st.
. MODERN home; Richmond District; 3 stories-
($ rooms; lot 25x120; anap. 410 Kearny at.r.9.
$300— A LOT ready to" build on Inside 30th st.
JAMES MORSE. 602 Market St.; room 5.
BEAI. ESTATE— Orrg—rOB SAI.B..
BALDWIN & HOW ELL.
25 Post st.
$.15. COO— Elegant, eunny, northweet corner resi-
dence on Broadway; .marine view, etc.;
4 7 bedrooms, baths, toilets, etc.
$11,J»CP — Owner must sell; make an offer; S ele-
gant new Uute; always rented, at $07 50
l er. month; :io rc-palrs; mortgage $6000
¦ <an remain; I'i';roj s-t., within 100 foet
c>i" car line; sunny side or sirtet; call
U>r i articular* of this; worth lnvetti-
. gating. '.; .
$S,250-*-Rent? $30 per month; property just
IiMfl fcr sale; this Is a splendid little
income, property i pay« you four tlmeu
j>8 much as bank Interest; 2 flats of 6
rooms and . bath each; rents are. low;
flats are never. idle; bitumlnUed street,
nr. corner ISth and Valencia sts.
$5,800— Oak Ft., close In: two flats of 5 and 6
rooms and bath eaph; rent- ?47 60 per
month: price reduced for immediate
talc; very chcaD.
$4,500 — Leavenworth tt.. nr. BroaSway; two
fiats of 4 and 5 rooms; In good order;
. rents ?r;2 per menth. . j
$3,7SC — Brnadwsy, nr. Leavenworth; two flats
of 4 and 6 rooms and bath each;
eteatlily rented at $37 per month.-
$8, COO — t-acramento *t., nr. , Spruce: lot 25x
107:0 two new ur— lo-tlate flats of 5
and C rocms and bath: rents $65 per
month, .;,; , $¦"..
$16.500— Eacrarnento-st. business property, on
north side; new improvements; store
and two flats; rents $130 per month;
j>ays 8 per cent net: leased for five
years; large lot, 41:exl27:SVi--
$4.500— Vlcksburg st.. nr. 22d; lot 26:8x117:6
to rear st. ; nearly new residence of 7
. • rooms and bath; must be seen to be
appreciated.
Send to our offlce for a copy of the Buyer
and Seller, our monthly catalogue, containing
a complete list of properties for 6ale; tree for
the asklns. <
We have a branch offlce at the corner of H
st. and 7th ave., fronting the Park. Take
Ellis and Oevisadero st. ears. Offlce open
Sundays and holidays. Horse and phaeton to
. show you around. Most complete list- of Sun-
set Richmond. Park Jfront. Parnassus Heights
and Ocean boulevard home bulling lot on
the market. Also cottages, homes and flats.
Your own terms — small firet payments, bal-
anch easy monthly installments. Go out to-
day end be shown around.
EHA1NWALD, BUCKBEE It CO..
21S and 22i> Montgomery st..
Mills building.
J22, 500^ Warehouse; -4-story .-building on lot
45:10x120 feet; one short block from
S. P. freight sheds; will pay 8 per cent
on tte investment. '.¦-*¦
$12,500 — Stores and flats on Sacramento St.,
near Central ave; rents $110 per month;
lot 50x100 ft.
$40,000— Post St., near Taylor; 2 frontages;
40 foot lot; grand site to erect modern
buildin;.
$S,250— Devleadero-st. corner, near Eddy, with
fine 2-story residence: lot 25x100 ft.;
price is very reasonable.
$10,000— Filbert st., near Hyde: flne marine
view;- residence of 10 rooms and bath;
lot 48x137:6 ft.
$G,000 — Devlsadero, near Halght; residence. S
rooms acU bath; lot 25x125.
$7,600— Howard et., near Eighth; 3 flats rent-
Ing for $64 CO per month; lot 25x85 feet.
$7,500 — Union-st. corner, near Devlsadero:
elegant marine view; lot 52:6x110 feet;
rnun be sold.
$3,250 each— Filbert, near Scott: magnificent
marine view; lots 27:6x137:6 -each and
corner 05x137:6 feet; 1-5 cash, balance
on easy terms. «¦':• ¦_'¦;,
$17,000— 2d-st. corner, nr. Harrison. 70x85 ft.;
flne site for modern business building.
¦¦¦ ¦
$775 each — Choice marine view lots; Lake
ct., 26th and 27th aves.; ready to build
on; price includes all street work, sew-
er* and sidewalks; will double In value
In one year; cash or easy terms if de-
sired.
Get a copy of our printed list of. properties
for. sale.
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE A CO..
218 and 220 Montgomery St.. Mills bid.
BURNHAM & MARSH CO..
211 Montgomery Street.
$125.000 — Grand downtown corner; full 50-
vara; 137:6x137:6; choice location' for stores
and hotel or club. ¦
$30C0 cash; rents for $40 a month; brick
building; close to the water front.
$52.500 — Rents $51 CO a year. Almost new 3-
story building; inside of Folk st; over 70 feet
frontage;
N. E. CORNER ON CALIFORNIA ST.
! $41,000— Large lot. 72x137:6; only partly im-
ppivcd, but pays $225 a month.
. PRESIDIO HEIGHTS.
$4000— Largo lot, 30x112; choice surroundings.
WATER FRONT.
- $33.000— Large lot. 60x120.
$112.500 — Union Square property; large lot,
40x137:6;. has big future.
$75-,00O — Rent $500 a month. Almost new 6-
stcry brick building; well built and rented
I veiy low.
BURNHAM & MARSH CO.. 211 Montgomery
B. GETZ. Room 22, Chronicle Bldg.
Owner and Dealer.
New Block! Richmond District! , New Block!
21st ave.. bet. Clement and'v^iilnt"L6bos. -
Builders, Attentlontit
21st ave.— Graded, Sewered. Gas 'and' Water
Lots graded and level to build homes on *
Bargains'.!! See them at once. Very easy terms.
$350 to $1200— Sunset Heights Lots— $5 up mo.
$250 to $500— North of the Park Lots
Opposite Spreckels Lake and New Speed Track.
$350 to $500— lOth-ave. boulevard lot«— $5 mo.
$60 to $650— Ocean Heights and Oceanslde L«veJ
Lots. Splendid view; $5 monthly payments.
$150 up — Excelsior Homestead Level Lots
.;,-;-.*•: City Water — Fine Car Service — $5 monthly,
$75 to flOOr-Ocean View Lots, level to build on
City water— Tour own terms— See them!
$1000 to $5000— Cottages and houses — Montblj
payments.
Call at mr offlce. Room 22. Second floor
Chronicle Building. j
FOR 8ALE BY ~~
< JULIEN SMITH, ,
Real Estate Arent, 420 Montgomery at
BUSINESS PROPERTY. '
Store and flat, with flat above, stock of drj
goods and notions, good will of business; nice
family trade; Western Addition: between twe
cable- roads; lady owner — must sell and retire;
good business opportunity; price $8230
NORTH EA ST ! CORN ER.
Lot 61x100, $7500; Harrison and 12th; dairy-
men, liverymen, factory and flat builders see
this bargain; barn, stables, shed and offlct
building on lot: title Insured. - - ¦
FOUR NEW FLATS,
TWO LOTS. 28x120 EACH.
. Richmond District, near Blxth ave.; east sld«
of street: well built: nearly new; rents $04'
price. $10,250. See and make offer.
CORNER LOT.
Southweet corner Castro and Twenty-fifth,
30x80; $2050; please aee and make offer- we
want to sell.
JESSIE STREET WAREHOUSE PROPERTY
; Near Sixth — Two or three nice properties'
lots run toward Mission and Stevenson also'
property ia advancing In thla locality dally'
prices, $6000. $6500. , $7000. $7500. y '
NELSON, JOHN8ON & CO., .
\ 203 Montgomery st., opp. Mills bldf
BARGAINS IN REAL ESTATE
Foreclosure. Probate and Forced Salee" of >i
Kinds win be Found in Our
UP-TO-DATE BUYERS' GUIDE c
An Illustrated monthly catalogue, con'talnim
a carefully selected list of cheapest propertied
' offered en the market In every location. Senc
us your eddre*s and we will mall you one
NELSON. J0HN8ON L CO
203 Montgomery et., opp. . Mills bldg.
$5000 — GOOD Investments; new • 3-flat build
- fngs, 6 rooms and -bath each; two frontages
pays 10 per cent; net. Canp at..'- near 26th
H. FEIGE, Builder and Owner, 1068 Capp at
HOUSE,' 0 r.. large lot; Mission College Hill
easy, bargain term*. Owner,' 030 Clay, r. 1,
' BEAL i RESTATE— dTT— gQg SAXE.
WILLIAM CRANSTON CO..
R. P. CHA.\!>TON & SONS.
114 MONTGOMERY ST. 114
$7.000— A snar>;*lut 4Uxl2U anil «-room resi-
dence; i. ale ar.d Fillmore sts. ; owner
wan:a Immediate offer.
$16.W0 — Six flala: rented fcr $'.920 per annum;
Ideal location: n:.rtl» side of street; un-
usually well huil:: a bargain.
$12.300— Stares and flats; old Improvement*
payinsr *!»i7: lot »«txll2:C: iiiasion St..
rtfar Twer.ty-.<Tor, E t!.
$0,73u — Two bt?aut!fu! new flat*, rented for
$05: picture at offlce. .
$S.3tl) — Kesirlf-nce M.( ii Clay St.. near Er-w-o-
' erkit: hardwood fl ors; malt* offer.
$9,25C — Hov.anl-st. stores) ar.rl Hats; rvnts $70:
Wank rr.< rtiraK* of $5oJ(> run remain.
$7,5t;c — No. 177V Page st., near Col*; hnnd-
; ' . \ .. ;,: some S-room residence; finishMl base-
ir.ent; lar^e garden; key lot.
$o,23'.t — Four s:naU flats, renting fcr $U7; thl»
is a pickup.
$3,700— Mtst beautiful let In the Panhand'e
district. 2txl37:tf. N. Waller: key to
northwest corner Masonic; make <ifk?r.
$3, 25C — Two flats, Al condition; new plumb-
Ing:: renting for ?T'.>it;.
$7,750— Stores, flats arvl stables: r«>nt»d 5-year
leas?. $780 yearly; excellent b - iiincs» et.
$C2,30O— Near Batter and I'owell sts.; hotel,
ccntalniug IS room*: nort^nge of $15.iX)0
can remain; rent J2il(.>.
$3.000— Fine lev»-l comer lot. 50x00; Fierce
ami Ellia *»-.
$3.250 — Make us an oS."Z'. substantial S-room
reside nr»: 1*64 #*u n, a tHcuuaj park:
iot worth JUiOO.
$7,500 — Tv.o stylish new flats, renting for 560;
north side of street; high paneled din-
ing-rooms, beam ceiling, etc.
$3,300 — Two good Western Addition flats, near
Pa?re and Pierre »ts. ; .*> and 6 rooms and
bath: lot 25x137:6.
$3.50«>— Sunny lot on Fillmore St.: 23x100.
$3,75fi — A 27-foct corner near Flllrmr* and
Bush stts. ; a snap; oM Improvements
bring $33.
Call or 3en-l fcr our list, containing- over
100O of our oftertags In Improved property and
lots.
WILLIAM CRANSTON CO..
114 MONTGOMERY ST. 114
SPECK *: CO.,
209 MONTGOMERY ST..
Belling. Rents eollacted.
Leasing. Insurance.
$42,500— A splendid corner; rlclnlty Larkin and
Ge3ry 8ta. ; let 50x100, with Improve-
ments; a decided bargain.
$40,000— $4200 yearly rent; lot 82x273; only
partly improved; 2 frontages; can b«
leased for $400 per month.
J25.000— $2400 yearly rent: $13.0CO 8 per cent
bank mortgage can remain; lot 50x
137:6; splendid Investment.
$20,000— $1740 yearly rent; Polk-st. business
property; large l«t; a good buy.
$1S,500— Splendid property on Ellis St., east of
Polk; lot 28x120; easily worth $20,000;
nothing in vicinity for th« money: of-
fered at this figura for <jalclc sale; a
positive bargain.
$17.000 — Splendid Mission Ineoma property;
storo and flats: rant $16CO yearly; lot
60x97:tt; only half Improved.
$!6,C00^ — Three fin* new flats; O'Farrell at.:
renting for $135 a month; flrst-class ten-
ants; 2.Vfoct lot.
$15,000— Superb new Western Addition flats;
lot 30x107 feet: rents $1500 year.
$13,500 — Three flne Western Addition flats. *i-
clnlty Octavla and O'Farrell sts.: rent-
ing for $112 per month: 25- foot lot.
$9,000 — $810 yearly rent; two nplendld flats,
with ll-foot basement that could at
small expense be made Into flats; lot
alone worth $0000; 2 frontages.
$3, COO— JOoO yearly rent; 3 flats, in best part
of Richmond District; one-half block
from Golden Gate Park; ail in first-class
condition; could not be duplicated for
${iC(X>; a»decided bargain.
$6, COO — Income $t'O6 a year; 6 flats; one b!oclc
from Hibernia Bank and one-half block
from new Pcstcfflce.
$3,100 — Paying 12 per cent net under lease:
Improvement* new and modern: stor*
and flats; south of and c'.ose to Market
st. and east of Fifth.
CHOICE BUILDING LOTS.
$35,000 — Northwest corner; unsurpassed marine
vie-w; 137:6X128 ?*et; 3 frontages; choic-
est rtsiJ.--nee section of San Francisco.
$D,CCO— Near Waller st. and Masonic ave.:
75x125: want offer.
$0730— 50x137 :«; splendid residence site: Pa-
cific Heights district; north side of
street.
$4.0CO — Market st. ; 25x100; clcsu to coming
business section.
$a,5Cfl — 50x125; Mascnic-ave. lot; sp!endij
piece.
PPECK & CO.,
209 Montgomery st.. epp Mil!3. b!d».
ONLY A FEV.- LEFT.
$1 25 PER WEEK.
XO INTEREST.
Choicest lets In the Excelsior Ilomes-teal
Tract; level as a billiard table; on street
grade: close to flne school; not far from th-*
Mlsston-st. electric cars; secure one as stu
Investment and by the time ir is paid for it
will hava doubled in value the way prices
have advanced during the . past year: buy
now before prices become prohibitive In this
rapidly growing section.
W. J. WHITE.
20 Montgomery at., r. 8. Phone Mala 5704.
$4C0O— REDUCED from $4750 In order to mak««
quick «ale: two-story house and lot on nortli
»lde of O'Farrell st.. near Devisadero; con-
taining 0 rooms and bath; tbi3 property mu.4
¦ be acid immediately. Investigate at one-.
Apply R. McCOLGAN. rooms o01-3lC Kl-
aminer building.
PRICES reduced to close an account — On south
side 20th st . bet. Noe and Sanchez, 150 feet,
of which 100 feet run through to Liberty st..
nntf Improvements; northeast corner Noe an<j
21st sts.. 57x105 feet. Inquire of 1IKNXIY
GUMBEIa 70 Clementina st.
A $2000 HOME built to suit you. lot Included,
any location, on $1 25 per week. Mutual
Home Building Association. 427 Crossley bid.
$55C0 — 2-STORY house: lot 50x1174; Mission
•wrarrc belt;cheap- Inquire 6 Eddy St.. room 111
ALL work guaranteed first class by AHZr-
BACII A MAYER, plumbers. 836 Howard St.
FOR SALE— ELEGANT FLATS: up to date;
terms to suit purchasers; large lota on Fred-
erick, west of Willard. Sam Glass, builder.
en premlnea.
BEAI. ESTATE — COX72fTBT— Tor Sala.
BTOCK RANCHES A SPECIALTY.
California Nevada. Arizona. Mexico stock
ranches for their value for grazing— vast tracta
suitable for subdivision and colonization. Val-
uable not alone for grazing, but for timber, ag-
riculture, oil. minerals or town sites. W« have-
many tracts where frost never occur*. W«
have many valuable pastura lands where grass)
cattle are fat In April, whea beef coxsiaaada
the highest price.
We have business property that win pay •
per cent net on cost for five or ten years' lease.
We have residences up to date. In the land of
the lemon, orange, sunshine, fruit and flowera.
We have many beautiful orchard homes la
the famed Santa Clara VaJley. near the Gardta
City of California. Good dairy and alfalfa
ranches.
We can offer a Mexican grant that will sap-
Dart 10.000 head of cattle for only $50,000.
CHARLES W. COE A CO..
Real Estate, Cattle and Loans. . ,'
78-79 Anzerals bldg.. San Jose. Cak
48O ACRES In Washington. 210 acres la flr
and yellow pine. 40 acres und*r cultivation.
8 acrea in orchard? fruit aicne will net
from JSOO to $1000 thla year; 2 good three-
room houses: large barns and all necessary
outhouses: eleven springs and small stream*
on land; 2 miles from sawmill on Columbia
River: also 2 railroads: t mils to gocx!
school: climate mild and h?althy: land is
roiling and tillable; tha soil Is the b?st In
the northwest for fruits and grains oi ail
kinds In the ncted apple belt.
SEAL ROCK INVESTMENT CO..
lo!2 Market st.
Rooms 41S-410. Tel. Foiaom .TIBS.
39 ACRES flne grain land, good house ar.d
barn, blacksmith shop, good business corner
for roodhcuae, or country store, tjanta Clara
County.
27 acre« fertile land. 7 aerfs almonds and
apricots, balance alfalfa; house, stable, StanU-
laus County.
40 acres: 30 In 4-year vines, balance, grain;
house, paviUjn, cellar, barn, Santa Clara Coun-
ty: big bargain on account of departure.
JOSEPH STRAUB. C!t) Market St.. S. F.
20 ACRES younc BUB** orchard, tilled in with
raspberries. black»*rrie3. h!s<> strawberries.
Asparagus and rhubarb; electric road through
place; station; living water, also 2 wells;
will subdivide; 5 miles Sebastcpol: $150 acri.
Address Berry Grower. Scbastopol. Cal.
$105C> — t-'NAP; bargain: 160-acr« ranch In Lake
County: houfe. barn, orchard, vegetable*;
abundance cf spring and rre*k water: part
cash. MOOKK LAND AND INVESTMENT
CO., 027 Market St., room SCO.
A SACRIFICE — lsy acres. 8 miles from Mor-
gan 11111; 10 acrts under cultivation; 20 In
walnuts: family orchard, beautiful groun<l3:
7-room house, 2 barns, 2 cre?ks; $7>X)O. I ¦<
Sacramento st.
FOR the l-est list of country property, farms,
fruit and poultry ranches, stock ranches, al-
falfa and timber lamls. Call or send for cat-
alogue. ROTHERMEL & CO.. 5«7 California.
FOR SALE^ — Six-acre chicken ranch, near
depot; good six-room housi>; Well, windmill
and tank; barn, henhous? and yardv family
orchard. Address J. G. JONES, Lathrop. Cal.
ALFALFA lands, atocit ranches, orchards.
vineyards; Inspected bargains: monthly cata-
logue* sent free. C ii. WOOSTER CO..
64* Market at.
27% ACRES cheap; near WatsonrttTe. S*nta
Crua County. 4032 2oth st.. San Franclsc*THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', SUNDAY,. AUGUST 21, 1901.
41
• -SH A _L gSTA '^~— COTnrrBT--ror Sale.
. • " " '. WHITE _ BAYLEY.
J Successors to
W. J. WHITE
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWHERE.
r . _ EXCHANGES.
\ *< j0 per acre; beet stock ranch In Humboldt
*-w^ n .^ : on th * slope ot the Somh Fork of the.
•-VM * vlver : *crcs grazing land: practically
»ii lenc<-<3; good farmhouse; large barn: 100
; ntaa fine cattle; 1C0U (her-;.; horses, and all
•"• 'niP'wnents Rt market rrices.
• .t J Inllc « oi Rsnta Kosa and near sla-
uon; Russian Hiver bottom: 2j acres; u acr»«
v4n<?y_-d ; new buildings; 5-room and bath cct-
'#M?e; good barn; windmill and tank; poultry-
liou*es; see this, and if you xvant only part of
tt ¦R.M Rell unimproved portion at $100 per
?£ r> -'L- yoxx w '* nt to rai!e corn »i*t wl!l make
, Ahe har.«u article "eiie stepT „ some of our
Lorins oa^ the Rusrian River.
• ._?** — - miW of Sonoma City; lo acres level
P5r<3*-n eoil; SH acres bearing vines; 1 acre
, "_H; gwxi dwelling, barn. i»oultry houses;
horse, wagen. carts. plow F . 3 sets harness.
t->o.s. -me rrees, tanks and casks; furniture;
riTi^ crop.
mJ£F££7ft •<*"'*; rnodfm. up to date houee
ana bo.ldmgs; fenced and cross - fenced ; nearly
• l-^J 1 *^ ~ mlles of Watsonville.
i*«m aC r s ! r el eandy loam - eood 4-
m - . U^T : fiae barn: windmill and tank;
" j5£! k J 3lped o °^ <?r rsnch; 5 larre poultry housps:
JncLbator, 2 brooder*; farming tools- cow- 200
vying hene; easy terms; near Petaluma
f. W0— Half-mile of Sevastopol; 10 acres- 2
«cres timber; 4 acres orchard, balance vine-
" -"J"£: hcUfi e. barn; on new electric road.
. »^00— Ntar Martinez; 123 acres hill land- 75
¦fits good plow land; well fenced; house barn;
tamtly orchard.
. 55OU0 — C5 acres ric*» sandy loam, near Hay-
Tra'Gs; rolling; 4 acres vines; 3 crchard, ail '
.rearing; balance hay; eiegent 2-story residence,
«,0 rooms, _>th; <a«y t»rms.
.'52350—34 aores near Watsonville: 2C0 apples:
O nrrea fine ootatoes; 2 a-res timber: balance
E~>ln; 5-room cottase, burn, outbuildings
• $1COO— Sonoeia City; 4 acres rich dark loam;
4>:1 level: crchard; cozy cottage: cement cellar:
barn: windmill s_fi tank; 5 poultry lious«.s: fepd
rw*n: 240 hens. We handle aJl the choicest :
irer-erty in this vlcir.lty and will be pleased 1
to drive you around.
. $6500, — Near Santa Rosa: MX) acres; fenced 9
fields; 12 ecr<>s fine vineyard: 3 acr*« orchard:
" P Jersey cows; 2 horws; tools; wagons; new ti-
Jjocra bo_;«»: 2 barns; Blacksmith shop. We
ha've 130 claccs on our list near Santa Rosa.
fcee them.
ALFALFA LANDS.
$100 p*r acre — One mile of Modesto; 5 acres
up: 'i cafh.
$50 per acre— 3 miles cf Modesto; 20 acres
up: t» cash.
$50 jjer a.cre — Near Lofii. on the Woofibrldge
canal. ,
FIVE DAIRIES IN HUMBOLDT.
• "**> have a larse list of completely equipped
£airi*» Jn the best section of Humboldt Co ;
20 acres Up.
• 52T.OO— Fine summer resort in Ecnoma Co •
stage station and P. O. on r-lace; 111 acres
controlling lo(K>-acre rang*: S acres bearing
• crchsrd; hay land; good house and 4 cottages,
ail furnished: bath; dancing platform; horses;
farming implements; see this quick.
$M0 — 3 miles of Geyserville; 2V-' acre*: 6-
r.->om hous«. large barn, 2 good wells: rolling,
all in vineyard; oak trves; fine poultry farm.
$lo<)0 — Only 3 miles of Santa Rosa; io acres
blM-k loam; 1 mile town; $300 down; fine for
rc-idhouse.
ttOOO— Finest stock ranch In Southern O— -
Con: S20 acres: 2 set No. 1 improvements; 100
acres suitable for alfalfa or timothy; orchard;
carries 100 to 200 head of etock; 5 horses; tools;
4'J tons hav: near railroad.
GOOD PROPERTY WANTED. *
c , "VT> fcavt EaBi'rn buyers for first-class farm ¦
rrfT*"rty and ooultry farms.
$27fO — Rolling land; 100 acres, near Clayton: ;
£'> ecrfes plow land: house, bam. orchard; part
•cash: over It* choice farms in Contra Costa
Co. to offer you to select from.
$3750 — Humboldt Co. rich bottom land: 20
acres half mile of Fortuna: 1 acre orchard;
n* >v 5-roi>m house, barn, outbuildings.
* SS p^r acre: fine stock ranch. 1010 acres; 100
rich bottom lend, balance rolling: fenced and
criF?»f enced ; nice orchard; house; 2 large barns.
' $1500 — 4 aores rich Russian River bottom
land; half mPe of Geyservllle. Sonoma Co.;
Fhade trees: house, barn, outbuildings. We
have at ksst 40 small orchards and vineyards
to offer in this fine section, where the quality
DC the «oil is unsurpassed and farm mortgages
are practically unknown.
$£5C>o— At liop'and; 42 acres: 7 bearing vine-
yard; S hey and carden land: 2 bearing or-
chart:; windmill, lank, tools, 100 laying hens;
half cash . ; ' -
. $170<> — Only 9 miles of Pan Jow. close to sta-
lion and town; 21 acres rolling land; 10 acres :
•Jieaririq- prunes and cherries; good 5-room cot-
tage.- stable, poultry houses; 3 summer houses
for fjmn'T txarders; running water; close to
*ch-K>l. Fee this quick.
?475O — On Guadalupe Creek, south of San '
Jose; S3 seres; 12 in tu'A bearing orchard in
fin<- condition; balance rently sloping fine hay
land: fine rr*ek: 25 macniflc*nt cak trees; 4-
ro..m <cttsxe; pood stable : fine Income. We
have m. choice list of small homes Jn Santa
Clara Co.: z leased to drive you around and
-.how them. for re? _.
< $r;fK) cai=h cr year; 1C3 acres. 2 mil-s of
<Jr3".s» Vallry: eo<v. house; nice cellar; 2 lsrse
barns etkJ stable; «r» acres fine bearing orchard;
5 acfes rifa'ir? vineyard: generally level; farm- i
lr.sr tmiiteg— _— : - horses; 9 Jersey cows; 15
acres timber; generally level; party must fur-
nish bond; wcu!d sell Tor ?20.000.
Send *ta— 1> for the largest and most di-
versified printed list on the coast.
WHITE & BAYLEY.
Successors to
W. J. WHITE.
26 Monrpomery st., room 8.
Property Exchanges a Specialty.
• 6*O ACRES, containing about 50.000,000 feet !
of timber, sawmill, planer, -stock tools, etc.:
»!I goes for half value: private sale. F. F.
B.. SIS rt!a!tr> bullillne.
CHEAPEST and best In A— .erica — The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, tent to any address tn th«
T*rMt»<5 Ftates or Canada on# Tear for $1.
SAXTTA CKVTZ BEAL ESTATE.
SANTA cr£— ..eeautifi:l..saxta cituz
We have barralns in Garfield Park
district, including:
Hocse 2 rooms, lot 100x125 $400
House « rooms, lot 50x125 $$00
House 4 rooms, lot 80x125 5^50
. • Alss unimproved lots. 20x100. from $23 up:
• pood location and Just as desirable to some as
.Jots rancin* from $100 to $->O0. You cannot
- make a mistake in buying now at these low
" £g_-es.
TtAN'CHES FOR EVERYBODY!
$2750— 22-acre rlace on fine road short d's-
taao« out; cozy 6-room house with plenty
cloeets; water piped to house; barn for 2
horses and 6 tons hay; 200 assorted fruit trees;
JSOO to $1000 standing wood: horse, cow, 80
chickens, wajrorj and farm Implements go with
plsxa. Magnificent view of surrounding: «mn-
• try. Popular district, with rural delivery.
Don't hesitate; _._ rlac« will be sold
• quickly. (3XX>
$3000 — About 20 acres en Branclforte road, 5-
roorn house finished In natural wood; good
barn and chicken houses; cne acre full bearing
epplcs. ore acre blackberries, small redwood
grt— *. Location of this place — with road and
creek running through the grounds — makes It
- an \t »_ ej>ot for home or enromer resort. (3«X)
$3000 — 2 acres, splendid ti-room bouse, hard
finished; bath, hot and cold water, m-;th sta-
tlosAry washstanfls in house and stationary
tubs In high basement; good w«-ll of water,
tank and windmill; 300 laying hens. Incubator,
brooders; wajron and farm Implements go with
p'.aee: grood barn: everything about the place
neat and clean; clos* in on Capltola road. <102)
fSTSO— -4 acres on lower Soquel road, opposit*
D«l Mar: view of surrounding country and
bay; hart finished h»nise of 6 rooms and bath;
carpels end furniture; wocd, hay, 2 buggies,
« 150 chickens, 3 Incubators and farm imple-
ments included in sale; an Ideal place for
chicken ranch; rood barn and family crchard
o? SO trees. (1C1)
$7000 — 240 acres near Zayante station; about
SI aTes In orchard and vineyard; house,
winery, cooperage and other outbuildings;
present capacity cf vineyard 15.000 gallons an-
nually; abun<Janrie of pure, unfailing water;
an exceptional ci-portunity for mountain sanl-
. tarium cr resort. Call and get further par-
ticulars of this place: If at all interested It
v!U pay you to learn all about it. O3X)
ADAMS _ BARRY.
R— AL ESTATE BROKERS,
117 Pacific «ve., ganta Crua, Cal.
1B8TATB. ~~
• EAN* MATEO SAN MATEO
TIIE FINEST SUBURBAN RESIDENCE DIS-
. TRICT NEAR SAX FRANCISCO.
z ____
We have a choice list cf excellent residence
• properties, villa sites and acreage. Don't fall
to see us before buying. Investigate San
M«tto Park. The Ideal property of them all. '
; Lots of about one acre each. _azy terms.
liuuad to be moet valuable. See our local >
a^ent. Frank S. Urummon. San Mateo office
oj/ec Sunday*. <
BALDWIN _ HOWELL. 25 Post st.
IXjiUTA PARK— On, line of San Mateo electric
care; 45 minutes from 5th and Market; sewer
_id water pipes to each lot; electric llghtr,
etc.; 50-foot lots from $325 to $400; terms.
$10 down and $10 a mor.th: sret off at "Lomita
Park" and ln\-estl£ate; maps sent on appli-
cation.
• ¦ FELBY. RODGERS & CO..
Tel. Main €73. 116 California st.
"• BEAUTIFUL home In Belmont, San Mateo
•Co.; nr.stu.tJon;modern house; large lot.baru..
etc. W.W. GRIFFIN. 3145 ISth >t.. S.F..Cal.
K.OSS VALLEY SEAZi ESTATE./
WiM ROES VALLEY.
'• Tvr u_e in Kibdi\1slons; beautiful lots near
Kent «te.U~j, In 1 to S acre tracts; wooded
and coon lots; ideal building sites at most
attractive figure*: a rrand chance" to obtain
b home tn this favorite locality.
. BOARDMAN BROTHERS & CO..
138 Montgomery. -«t
• • — " ™ ~
BB__yyg - - . '
ALAMEDA ADVERT'S'MTO
JJ A— AM_PA ~~A_ —STATE. _
HERE IS A CHANCE FOR EVERYBODY.
GREAT BARGAINS.
TWO NICE WATER FRONT COTTAGES
ON CENTRAL AVE.. NEAR STATION;
BARGAINS; LARGE LIST OF REALTY.
GENUINE BARGAINS.
5-room cottage on Ninth St., near Btatlon;
lot 25x120; only $1400.
WATER FRONT PROPERTY.';.
— — —
1 One of the finest 10-room residences: lot
about 200 feet front by 550 feet In depth; sta-
ble, windmill, etc.; 1 block from station.
A fine home on Regent St.; fine garden; lot
50x150; near Park station. >
A beautiful home; lot 80x110; all modern;
new stable, etc.
TWO BARGAIN8.
6-room cottage; lot 50x125; $1300.
6-room cottage; lot 25x150; $1300.
FOR BALE ON EASY TERMS.
$50 DOWN, BALANCE TO SUIT.
32 LOTS.
S3:4xl25 TO 35x176.
PART OF SO-CALLED FROMM TRACT.
TWO BLOCKS FROM SIXTH-ST. STATION,
THIRTY MINUTES FROM SAN FRANCISCO.
HALF BLOCK FROM LONGFELLOW
ECHOOL. T
FOR EXCHANGE FOR SAN FRANCISCO
REAL ESTATE — A MODERN 7-ROOM
HOUSE IN BEST LOCALITY.
APPLT TO A. R. DENKB,
1400 WEBSTER ST.. ALAMEDA.
LOOKING FOR A HOME?
YES?
WELL. THEN. SEE US.
WE GUARANTEE ENTIRE SATISFACTION.
The finest and choicest property listed with
us from which you can make a selection.
If you have only a little money you can get
a home just the same.
We make terms the same as rent.
$2009 — Now being built; a very swell 6-rootn
cottage: all the modern conveniences: nice lo-
cation; $500 down, balance same as rent.
$2900 — Modern 6-room house; lawn; fine deep
lot.
$3500 — Almost new (J-room cottage; porcelain
bath; eras and electric fixtures; here is a
chance to get a modern home in a swell neigh-
borhood; remember, this is on Paru St., near
Central ave.
Building lots In all parts ef Alameda.
HOMES FROM $1000 TO $60,000.
HAMMOND & HAMMOND,
THE LEADING AND RELIABLE AGENTS,
1422 PARK ST. ,
SALESMAN IN OFFICE TO-DAY.
WRITE FOR FOLDER.
$800— 4-ROOM cottage. Jackson st.
$1300 — 5-room cottage; Buena Vista are.;
easy terms.
$1850 — 5-room cottage; Alameda ave.
$25f>0 — Large cottage; Park ave.
$2500 — 6-room cottage, Lincoln ave., with
windmill and tank. mk
Also a large line of^tslrable building lots
In all parts of the city.
E. D. JUDD CO.,
1424 Park st., Alameda.
BARGAINS IN ALAMEDA HOMES.
$1600 for a fine 6-room cottage; lot 60x
150; fine marine view; fruit and flowers; In
choice location.
$2300 — Nearly new 10-room house; -Jaest
bargain in Alameda.
$2500— New 5-room cottage: lot 100x180.
HAWKS & MEHRTENS.
1600 Seventh st., cor. R. R. ave.
A CHANCE OF A LIFETIME.
$3200 — Two-story. 7-room house: modern, up-
to-date; near Grand-nt. station; fine lawn;
an ideal home; a sacrifice on account of
owner leaving. --r. '.-¦;¦
HALLY & CO..
2313 Santa Clara ave.. near Park st.
A GREAT BARGAIN. "~"
Lot 47x115; sunny side of street; south of
Central ave.. between Morton and Enclnal sta-
tions.
J. S. HANLEY. 1310 Park st.
COTTAGE 4 rooms; lot 25x125. 1412 Ninth st
$1000 if sold at once. •'..
J. S. HANLEY. 1310 Park st.
FOR *ale — Fine 6-room cottage, now building;
lot 5Oxl08. Call and eee it at 1530 Union
ft.. Alameda. ¦
BERKELEY ADVERTffNTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE." ""
$6500 — BARGAIN: In warm belt; » rooms; lot
C2xl50; make offer; owner going away.
$5500 — Modern, sunny 8-room house; lot 50x149.
$3500 — New 8-room house with west frontage;
close in. /
$3350 for a $3500 home; bargain: new, sunny
and near Key Route and S. P.; terms
easy.
{3000 — New cottage; 7 rooms; lot 54&145; ad-
Joining this is l\? acres that can be rent-
ed by the year.
$2000 — New house; cozy and sunny; 4 rooms
and bath; close to North Berkeley cars.
$1100 — Lot; street work done; Oxford, near
Rose; it is a snap.
$400— Acre lot, «ast of University of Cali-
fornia.
$2250 — Acre lot; corner of Claremont a\-e. and
Russell «t.; bargain.
$2500 — 4 acres, adjoining the university
1 grounds; fine Investment.
CHENEY & BERRY,
Pcstofrtce Block, Berkeley.
BERKELEY BARGAINS.
$2200 — Bungalow, 5 rooms, bath, etc; gas and
l electric: cash J20O. balance $2Z monthly":
I ;> pood investment: rented at $20 monthly
I to good tenants. (1S77)
$2700 — Commodious colonial 2-story hour<«
(built 2 years), 7 large rooms, high floored
basement, bath, toilet, electric light, city
water, etc; large lot; Main ave., close to
station; street work done; small cash
payment; easy Installments; snap. (1641)
$2750 — New 2-story houee , 7 well-finished
rooms, bath, pant«->-, laundry, 2 toilets;
lot 40x120; street work and cement walks
done; close to station. (1881)
$3250 — Declrable residence, 2-story, 7 rooms
(paneled reception and dining rooms); up-
to-date fittings, etc.; lot 60x106; Im-
proved avenue: Ideal home; in lovely lo-
cality, near Collese ave. (1885)
H. D. IRWIN, Lorln station, 6outh Berkeley.
Open Sundays. Carriage in attendance.
ALBEE _ CORTELL.
REAL SNAPS FOR A FEW DAYS ONLY.
$900 — Will buy a 5-room cottaxe and lot
40x120 ft., near Santa Fe depot: a good
well. Just think of it, a home for $U0O.
$4750/ — Will buy a 14-room house, with a good
lot, on Durant ave.; pays 10 per cent on
the Investment.
$5000 — Will buy a 10-room house and lot on
Bancroft way; will pay at least 10 per
cent net on tbe investment; this is an ex-
ceptional bargain.
$1200— Will buy a choice lot. 40x135 ft., south
fror.tage, on Blake st., between Ellsworth
and Dana. sts.
$1500 — Will buy a choice lot on College ave.,
50 ft. by 148 ft.; beautiful shade trees;
on electric car line.
ALBEE _ CORY ELL.
REAL ESTATE AND INSURANCE, .
2130 Center Street,
Berkeley, Cal.
BARGAINS IN BERKELEY HOMES.
$1750^ — 0 rooms; large lot; near cars; easy
terms.
$2750—8 rooms and attic; modern; good lot;
nice grounds.
$3000—6 rooms; new; colonial; good lot; east
of Grove.
$3200 — 7 rooms: new; modern: sunny; sightly
•situation; near station.
$3800 — 7 rooms; modern; nearly new; corner
lot: near Dwlght and Telegraph. V
$4500 — 8 rooms; new; finely finished; base-
ment; elegant location; beautiful views.
$5000 — 8 rooms; an attractive, modern home;
handsome grounds; choice location; near
university; must be sold; make an offer.
LTMAN ALLEN. 2120 Center st.
$1550— A nice 4-room cottage and large lot;
very conveniently situated.
$3500— New 2-story hou«e of 8 rooms and bath,
with combination fixtures, connected wtth
pas and electric lights, and only one
block from Key route station.
$4000— New 2-story house of 7 rooms; all mod-
ern imnrovements; fine corner lot; near
K«y route station.
$7000 — New Swiss chalet; a lovely home;' fine
cor lot:\ electric cars pass the property
a verytrtcturesque place.
$7000— Fine 0-room house, and stable; large
•lot, lawns, flowers, trees; In perfect or-
der and near the Key route cars
JOS. J. MASON. Real Estate. Berkeley Station.
$8350 FOR a $3500 home: $600 earti: balance
ea«y: lot 45x137: near Berkeley station. -Key
Route and R. „ P. cars. See owner, box 103,
Berkeley. CaL
OAKLAND ADYT'SM^TS.
OAgXAlTP BEAL ESTATE.
CASH
OR A —TITLE AT A TT—S
X75 IiOTS ITS _OTB
NO OTHER EXPENSB
READY TO BUILD UPO2T
WILL LOAN TOTT MONET TO BCT_D TOO
A HOME UPON" EASY PAYMENTS
WHUJ3 TH~T _AS TT
CO LOTS ~_ BS GOLD — $23 CASH; BA_-
ANC_ $3 PER MONTH
KO MORE UPON THZSa TJSOdM
0
DO NOT ¦WATT— SECTTRB CSTJ B-<»
TWO AT OKCB
CAW YOU AFFORD TO BATB $3 TXSl
MONTH AND BECOME A LAND OWNER
WHERE YOUR PROPERTY WILL DQUBUi
IN VALUE BEFORE PAID TORT
THESE LOTS ARE STTRItOUNTJED BT
MANUFACTORIES WHKREJ HUNDREDS OJf
MEN ARE EMPLOYEIX
WHAT IS $5 PER MONTH TO SA~B , WHIST
IT WILL DOUBLE ITSELF? WILL PAY
YOU MORE THAN ANY SAVINGS
BANK IN THE UNITED STATES.
THIS SHOULD APFEAI. TO EVERT UA9T
AND WOMAN WHO ie EARNING
A SALARY.
VTE CAN PROVE TO YOUR OrW T» BAT».
FACTION. THAT THE FIRST FIFTY
LOTS WE HAVE FOR SALE WILL
DOUBLE IN VALUE BEFORE
THEY ARE PAID FOR.
WHY? BECAUSE- WB ARE SIMPLY GOEtfCI
I I TO GIVE YOU K1WT* LOTS AT $15O
TO $200 EACH. WORTH FROM (.'WO
TO $400. TO INTRODUCE TO YOU
ONE OF THE BEST AND MOST
ACCESSIBLE PIECES OF PROP-
ERTY THAT LIES ACROSS TUB
BAY— WITHIN 40 MINUTES' BJD_
OF SAN FRANCISCO. MONTHLY"
TICKETS $3.00—10 CTS. PET. DAY.
AND SURROUND ED BY HOMEA
AND MANUFACTURING O~ EVERT
DESCRIPTION.
EVERY LOT READY TO BUTLD UPON;
STREET WORK COMPLETE; STATION O3T
GROUND; MONEY TO BUTLD YOU A
HOME ON EASY PAYMENTS A3
SOON AS YOU HAVE YOUR
LOTS PAID FOR.
CALL AND GET MAPS ANI> FUT_»
PARTICULARS.
J. "W. LAYMANCE.
832 MARKET STREET. ROOM" JOt
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.,
OR LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
460 AND 462 EIGHTH ST., OAKLAND, CA_,
"^ LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
4e0-462 Elxhth st.. Oakland.
UNIMPROVED.
$300^ — Lot 40x110; near San Pabl» are.
$300 — Elevated lot. 41x110; nr. Frultvals aT«.
$55O— Near E. 17th -t. ¦ 35xloO : bargain.
$750— SW. cor.; 50x132:6; nr. Dwlght way.
$650 — Terraced lot, Soxl20: Clinton station.
$1050— Grove st. cor.. 5oxOO; cheap.
$1100 — Cheapest lot on street: 45x125; street
complete; 1 block to Piedmont Key routet.
$1250 — Choice lot; sunny side: street cora-
pltte; 50x115: nr. Key route and Telegraph av».
$1250 — Oakland ave.. close In: 56x100; street
( complete: adjoins nice residences.
$1500— Must be sold: 78x120; will BUbdl-rlde;
f near St. Mary's College.
$17.V> — Extra choice corner, 00x100: _— st
Twelfth St., near City Park.
INVESTMENT,
Whole block. 100O feet frontage; 120 feet
elevation; overlooks bay and city; ISO to 200
', feet deeo: street work, sewers, assured im-
provements, will greatly enhance value; mart
sell; will sacrifice.
IMPROVED.
$7500 — Bank snap; terrared corner, 130x149:
9-room house, overlooking Lake Merri _> ehoic*
location; easy distance to Broadway; Iws thaa
mortgage once loaned; pick up.
$72lv> — F1n« modern Lakestde residence; 9
rootcs; furnace: adjoins $25,000 residence;
most modern, up-to-date home in thla locality.
$5850— Reduced from $6500; elegant new
home, 10 rooms; reception hall; orchestral
raised parlor; frescoed ceilings; pressed briclc
mantel: grandest view in Linda Vista; «ulc_
sale desired.
$4000 — Forced salw. $2300 mortgag*; will pay
14 per rent: pair modern flats. 5 r. and bath.;
six minutes' walk to City Hall.
$3450— Cost over S500O; modern house, tea
rooms; nonresident urging sale this week; ele-
vation: nice locality.
$2750 — Corner. 75x125; store and rooms; _.
12th st.. nr. City Park; land worth money.
$2100 — Attractive, modern cottage. 5 r. aa4
bath; basement: electricity: street completes
near S. P. and Key route locals; easy terms.
$2000^ — New. shingled bungalow ; up-to-dat*;
near Key route; easy terms.
$1000— Cottage, 4 rooms; 37:6x133: Car*,
mont ave., near Telegraph.
$750^ — Cottage. 3 rooms; 86 feet ft_xta««f
street complete: Walsworth ave.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
460-462 Eighth st.. Oakland.
CAPITALISTS, ATTENTION.
NE COR. SAN PABLO AVE. ANI> ETCH"©*
EENTH ST.
We have, after much negotlatlnr. an «xcJrv-
sive authorization to sell the abova fin* business)
lot. the only unimproved corner Inside ot
Twentieth st. on San Pablo ave.. the cot__C
Market street of Oakland; business all aroun4
It; opposite 4-story hotel: one block betw eea
this and the new blocks of A. A. Moore, the-
well-known attorney, and Capitalist George W.
McNear's new block lust finished ; lust north,
of Banker HmshaVi famous deal: 3 blocks
of Capitalist Henry Butters' new block, bull*
4 months ago, and now being torn down and
made larger on account of. Increased buslseu:
San Pablo ave. Is the street: ask any one;
ask tbe business people on the street; walk
down the street and see for yourself; and when
such well-known financiers put their money
here there is no element of chance la this
investment; the prlca Is $200 per foot below
adjoining values and notbtnqr for sale.
INVESTIGATE AT ONCE ,
BUY WHILE YOU CAN GET IT——-
EXCLUSIVE SALES AGENTS-
LA YM ANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
460 and 4_ Eighth it.. O_da_L
AX_>EN REALTY CO« '
B1S4 Telegraph av*.; phoa* Blac— •4_L
$350^ — Corner lot. 30x115; sewered.
5500^ — Nice lot, 50x121: Mr-ered,
$500— Lot 50x100; between Shattuck aa4 Tel-
egraph aves. ' /A
$650— Lot 6Sx220; near Country Ca_ V
$1250— Cottage. 4 room « and bath, near Kay
S1500 — 7-room house, barm lot 50x130: ohaapk
This offlc« has no connection with. TU3
ALDEN CO.. In Oakland.
- ' " I
¦
BARGAIN — $500 cash, balance $30 month: t
r. and b. : laundry, pantry, electric lights;
gas for cooking: lot 40x140; close to Key
route station; price $3500. Owner. 824 TMrty-
elghth st.
$6000— FINE home on Telegraph ar* : thor-
oughly modern and up-to-date In every par-
ticular; 0 rooms: barn and driveway: lot 60x
150. on corner; beautiful grounds: abundanc«
of flowers and shrubbery; price reduced, from
$6SOO.
$60 per front foot for lot en Webster st.,
close In; Just the thins; for fiats; lot 35x100.
C. K. MARSHALL. 1070 Broadway. Oakland.
$4200 WILL buy a good, extr* well tain boas*
of » rooms and bath: 9- ft. basement: lot
63xOO, corner; on car line, within B minutes'
walk of a local station: house not _»w . but
built bv owner for home.
J, H. MACDONALD & CO..
1052 BROADWAY.
LAKESIDE DISTRICT.
Elegant, masslva home? of 14 rooms. S baths;
all modern plumbing: billiard and smoking
rooms; hall and parlors finished tn curly red-
wood; steam heaters throughout: large attio
with stase and dancing hall: c— lent base-
ment; washroom and wine cellar: large stable,
wtth rooms for help: fine corner lot 100x150.
GEO. W. AUSTIN. 1002 troadway. OafclanJ.
$3100— FOUR cottages. 5 rooms each; lot lOOx
100" rent ?36 per month.
HUGH M. CAMERON.
105S Broadway.
Tor Additional Cla*sl2ed AdTerUs«m«at»
Se* JfW 48.
HAYWABDS BEAL ESTATE.
I $175 TO $350 rer acre; Stanton tract; from 4
to 50 acre tracts.
fo.500— Beautiful country home for sale or
exchange fcr Oakland or Berkeley prop-
erty; 10 acrea; 7 acres In orchard, full
liearing trees; variety fruit; 3 acres
fine vezelable or allp.ha land; soil very
' rich, tine black loam; £>-room house;
I ' bam; outbuildiiif— ; chicken yards; ex-
¦ celUnt water and pltnty of it: rural
delivery: close to school; near station;
¦ dally communication with San Francisco.
$30,000— Elegant stock ranch of 1000 acres;
modern boure of i» rooms; stable, stock
barr.s; dairy houses: fine apple orchard;
• 40 acres <« cherries and other fruit;
fenced and cress-fenced: well watered;
T> miles from Haywards; must be seen
to be appreciated.
$13,000 — 40 acres choice orchard: modern house
of 11 rooms: l>arn and outbuildings,
chicken yards, etc.: full-bearing trees;
clofe to school: 2 miles frcm town; J ,i
cayh. balance en time.
1
RAMACE & STANTON,
Haywards, Cal.
$1,600 — 6 acres. 1-3 fruit; no other improve-
ments.
$2.600 — 6 acres, all fruit; Improved.
V_\CKV) — 4 acres, ij fruit; improved.
$3,000 — 13 acres; U acres in fruit; old Improve-
ments.
I ?3,eC0 — 14 Vi acres; improved; plenty of wood
1 £n_ wst^r
S3..vm — \i acies; Improved.
$3,500—10 acres; all fruit; Improved.
$<\2C0^ — )2's acres; 10 acivs fruit; Improved.
$13,500 — Only; CO ?crcs, near Pan Jose; all
fruit ; fine Improvements and much per-
sonal property.
$10.500 — Only; 2S9i*-acre ktock ranch: 200
acres can be plowed; well Improved.
Fcr further Information see.
P. WILBERT.
Castro. n»ar B st.. Hay wards. Cal.
—JClfliO PARK BEAL ESTATE.
$200 PER acre — Two 8-acre and one 4-acre
tract, back of Fair Oaks; water and good
roads; lest of this property left; \i cash.
Menlo I'ark — A fine country home, with
splendid garden and magnificent trees; well
j built, old-fashioned hous* in good condition;
for sale at a barpain; 15 acres, all improved.
Fair Oaks— Land in best part of this dis-
trict; well sheltered and wooded; in tracts of
from 4 to 25 acres; special terms to those
buildinsr immediately.
SELBY, RODGERS «: CO..
Telephone Main 673. 116 California st. j
EX.MHTJB.ST SEAL ESTATE.
$050 — SMALL each payment; balance month-
ly; a. r.rat 3-im., hard-finished cottage. In-
cluding 5 lots: a fenced; party cutivated; 2
blocks from the railroad station.
$75— Large level lots in Elmhurst, on the
line of the Haywards local train: $5 monthly.
OSCAR HEYMAN, 14 Post st.
g— AT, ESTATE TO E—CHAJTOB.
REALTY EXCHANGE COMPANY.
F. A. BARR, MANAGER.
EUITE SOT- 808 CALL BUILDING.
It Is frequently the case that a party wishes
to sell his holdings tor the purpose of reinvest.
ing the proceeds in' a different kind of property.
Our long experience in this business enables
us to often accomplish this double purpose by
only one transaction. The only condition wa
make Is that your property, if you wish us to
dispose ef it for you. MUST BE GOOD OF ITS
KIND AND IN A GOOD LOCATION. Doat
tak« up either our time or your own with
worthless off erincs. " or property so heavily
mortgaged as to leave no actual equity.
If It has merit, whether you own real estats
cr a mercantlla or manufacturing business,
bring a description of same to our efnee, stat-
ing what kind of property you prefer in ex-
change, and you will be surprised how quickly
we can effect the result,
THIS IS SIMPLY BECAUSE WE UNDER.
ETAND THE EXCHANGE BUSINESS and ar* !
tbe only company in San Francisco making a
tpecialty of same. We make no charge for ad-
vertUing or any other purpose unless we pro- :
cure an exchange eatlsfactory to you to ao- I
: cept. i
PARTY Boing to St. Louis and Chicago would
like to communicate with parties owning
property or having business to be attended
to there. Box I3;M, Call office, Oakland.
160 ACRE?, southern part Monterey County.
KOT^HLER. S7Ji* Seventeenth et.
BEAL ESTATE WANTED.
WANT a ranch in the vicinity of Tulare City;
2T> to 100 acres: cash or exchange for other
property. Box 41. Call office.
FBOFERTS* WAETEO.
WANTED — To purchase a cottage of 5 rooms
and hath. Address box 49S2. Call office.
WANTED — Eligible lot for church or academy ;
at cr near aiillbrae. C. K-. box 4704. Call. '¦
WANTED — Income property; flats preferred. '
Bom 4?<ai>. Call office. '
ALAMEDA ADVERT'S'M'TS
ALAHEDA EEAL ESTATE.
STOP AND THINK
If It pays you to keep paying rent.
Figure out vrhat you have paid in rent In the
past ten years.
POHS IT PAT?
We can eell you a nice home on easy terms
that you certainly appreciate and accept if you
v. 1!! only call and see U8.
TERMS AND PRICES TO SUIT.
NEW MODERN' HOMES BELOW COST.
BARGAINS! BARGAINS'. BARGAINS'
Procrastination is the Thief of Time.
COME TO-DAY;
Inspect Our Homes. Get Our Prices.
PURCHASE A HOUSE AND LOT AND
SAVE RENT.
j Beautiful Homes In All Parts of Alameda.
A FEW OF OUR BARGAINS.
$1500 — Buyc a fine 6-room cottage; lot 40x
¦ K'O: a Enap.
$1500— Buys a 5-room cottage; lot 35x100; a
! bargain.
j $2000— Buys an elegant new cottage; gaa and
: electricity; near trains jind schools.
$20CO — Buys a large, cottage and lot-
| r3xl25; very cheap. - V'.-
; $2050 — Buys a beautiful 6-room cottage;
1 nearly new; large lot.
$3250 — Buys an 8-room house; lot 40x150;
cheap; very desirable.
$4000— Buys a new 8-room house; large lot;
must be sold.
j $5000 — Buys superb corner lot; 8-room house;
new; a great bargain.
ALAMEDA LAND CO
1600 PARK ST.. ALAMEDA,
Tel. Alameda 400.
CHAS. ADAMS _ CO.
A GREAT BARGAIN.
Cottage. 5 large rooms, open plumbing; Jot
69x150: barn. 2 box stalls, loft will store fve
tons hay; elegant grounds and driveway; price
iOC.V).
A SNAP.
T— o-story house cf 7 rooms and bath; lot
50x116; fine grounds; $2500.
For sale In swell location on Morton St.; tw»
2-story houses, one • of t) and one of 8 rooms
and bath; Ideal homes and up-to-date in every
particular; lots 40xlCO; 74500 and $4200.
Also fine drug business, with leaee for ten
years; Income J20 per day; at $3500.
CHAS. ADAMS & CO.,
BAY STATION.
ALAMEDA. CAL.
$1250 — COTTAGE of 4 rooms; lot 60x160; near
station and school; all street Improve-
ments done; must be sold.
$1700 — Cottage of 6 rooms, and bath; all mod*
ern Improvements; lot 26x125.
$2200— Cottage of 6 rooms and bath, containing
all the latest modern Improvements; lot
SOs.150.
$3100 — Cottaga, 6 rooms and bath; nice
grounds; barn, etc.; lot 60x140.
WILLIAM DUFOUR & CO..
2326 Santa Clara ave., near Park at.,
ALAMEDA. CAL.
BEAUTIFUL 2-story house of 7 rooms and
bath: all modern improvement*: In choice
location; will exchange for city property, or
sell on easy terms.
Handsome residence near the 'bay; very
deairable neighborhood; all modern Improve-
ments; nrlce $66C0.
BOARDMAN- BROS. & CO.. 138 Montgomery.
I SOME CHEAP HOMES FOR THIS WEEK.
$3700 — New, colonial, 8-room house.
J27<<0 — <*-room cottage.
$2000— 5-room cottage, near station.
$2400 — 6-room cottaee, very pretty
ELMER E. JOHNSON, 2333 Santa Clara ave.
! $1500— MODERN little cottage of 4 rooms and
\y. bath, on a fine lot, 40x145.
HAMMOND & HAMMOND
THE LEADING AND RELIABLE REAL
ESTATE AGENTS. "*<¦»-
CORNER lot; 68x100; fine location; $850.
Two lots en macadamized street: 25-feet
front each; ?eoo. ... ~>-ieet
GEORGE L. LEW13.
X516 Park st, * s..
FRUITVALE ADVEBT'S'TS
gBTTTTVA-E BEAT. ESTATE.
SYNDICATE
INVESTMENT COMPANT.V--
REAL ESTATE,
INSURANCE
AND
MONEY TO LOAN.
FRUITVALE. ALAMEDA COUNTY. CAL.
VALENTINE G. HUSH, President.
S. R. THORNE. Secretary.
FIRST NATIONAL BANK. S. F., Treasurer.
This company, alone, has sold as many as
a dozen of houses within the past thirty days
to resident people of San Francisco and many
more families are contemplating locating In
FRUITVALE.
There Is no question but that we have the
best climate, with less fog and wind than any
other town about the bay, besides, we have a
more productive soil for garden, fruits and
flowers. i , . •.-.-:
We have good schools and churches and
law-abiding people; again, we have sewers,
water, electric lights and fine macadamized
roads.
Quick and cheap transportation to San Fran-
cisco; commutation tickets, S3 per month.
Property bought 'to-day will without doubt
advance In price during the coming year suffi-
cient to pay, not only a good interest on the
money Invested, but also to give rent free.
BELOW WILL BE FOUND BARGAINS IN
HOUSES AT LESS THAN THEIR REAL :
VALUE FOR THE MONTH OF AUGUST. 1
S-room cottage $575
4-room cottage $1250
4-room house $1300
3-room, large lot, 80x132:6 $1400
4-room cottage, lot 50x123.. $1800
5-room cottage ....M775
6-room house ; '• 22T5 j
6-room house .' $2350
THE ABOVE COTTAGES AND HOUSES
ARE ALL -NEW AND MODERN IN EVERY
RESPECT AND ARE FOR SALE ON EASY I
TliRMS. FROM $200 TO $600 CASH EACH;
THE BALANCE ON MONTHLY PAYMENTS
LESS THAN RENT.
We have exclusive sale of all yiopeat/ listed
with us.
Acreage property from $400 to $1200 per
acre. Residence lots from $125 to $500 for
sale on terms"Sf desired.
We feel confident that If you will call asd
allow us the privilege of driving you about
Frultvale that you will decide, as many have
recently dona, to buy and settle in Frult-
vale.
LARGEST LIST.
LOWEST PRICES,
CHOICEST LOTS,
EASIEST TERMS.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANT,
cor. Bassltt and Putnam sts. : .-
Frultvale, Cal. Phone Ash 687.
H. BARKMEYER. V
1206 Frultvale ave., Frultvale Station, Cal.
$450 — Small bouse of 2 rooms, summer kitchen;
good well and pump, stable; lot 60x100:
situated 2 blocks from gTaded school and
3 blocks from electrlo car line; $100 down,
- $8 a month.
$600— Good, substantial cottage of 4 rooms;
lot 45x102;, extra fine dug well, 80 feet
deep; convenient to school; high eleva-
tion; $300 cash down.
$1250 — New cottage of 4 rooms; hard finished
pantry, closets, etc.; good well and pump
ou back porch; lot 50x300, fronting on 2
streets; 3 blocks from car line; terms If
desired.
$250 cash, balance $12 per month; modern cot-
tage of 4 rooms and bath; high basement;
lot 60x110; fronting on two streets; high
elevation; convenient to schools; price all
" told $1350.
$1875 — MoUern cottage of 5 rooms, bath, large
pantry, closets, etc. ; high basement; lot
50x135; nice flowers and fruit trees, barn
and buggy shed, driveway, etc; near car
line; in walking distance to local trains;
worth investigating.
$2200 — Almost new cottage of 4 large rooms
and bath; all modern; pantry, closets,
etc., electric light, city water, also good
well, small barn: lot 75x185; variety of
flowers and fruit; trees In bearing; fine
location; convenient to school and car
line; terms If desired.
$2350 — Desirable home; cottage of 4 large
rooms,' reception hall, closets, pantry. «tc. ;
high basement; lot 64x380, In bearing
orchard; on macadamized road; near
school; reasonable terms if desired.
$6000 — Ideal country home; 3% acres of choice
land, variety of fruit trees In bearing; fine
lawn, flowers and large palms; modern
cottage of 5 large rooms and bath; por-
celain bath tub; fine mantel and fireplace;
folding doors, etc.; high basement; two-
story rustic barn, extra good well, wind-
mill and tank; all In first-class condition.
See these before buying elsewhere, they are
bargains. For particulars apply to
H. BARKMEYER.
j Near Fruitvale Station, Cal.
ELROD & HULL.
: No. 48 — $1400— A 4-room, high basement
I hous«; hot and cold water; bath; stationary
I wash tray* in basement; on good street; lot
60x110; $300 cash, balance same as rent.
No. 49 — $1400 — A 3-room houee: bath; pan-
I try; hot and cold water; 2 blocks from car
line; lot 80x132; this place is just finished and
can be bought on the installment plan. .
No. 22— $3250 — A 5-room house, with, bath,
pantry, hot ! and cold water, barn, ch'icken-
houses and yards; place covered with fruit and
I flowers; both electric and gas lights: on good
i street: 2 blocks from school and car line; lot
125x150.
No. 47— $1050— 4-room cottage; high base-
ment: Vt block from Frultvale ave.; good
neighborhood; lot 40x100; this Is a rare op-
portunity; must, be sold at once.
No. 46 — $350 — Chicken ranch; 120 fine chick-
ens; many are thoroughbreds; chicken houses \
and yards; 2 incubators and brooders; to rent '
3 acres of land: 5-room house; an abundance 1
of fruit on the place; good garden land; rent
$15 per month.
No. 23 — $3350/ — Cottage of 5 rooms, with
kitchen and dlnlngr room in basement: cottage
1 tn fine condition: lot 100x125; an abundance of I
i shrubbery and fruit; this is a charming little
1 place; on high grounds; sewer, water, electric
, lights; an ideal home in "Beautiful Frultvale."
No. 10 — $3000 — 2-story house of 9 lares
; rooms; bath, pantry, etc.; berrlen and fruit;
j here is a fine home and good Investment; cor-
ner lot. 110x115; S blocks from car line.
No. 15 — $2800— A house of 7 rooms on a good
street: ear line passes hmise; full bearins '
i fruit and berries of all kinds; lot 50x206; easy
I termi» if desired.
I LOTS— LOTS — \X>TS — LOTS — LOTS!
I We have lots in all parts of Frultvale at all
kinds of prices and on almost any terms-. Will ',
; build to suit you. Come and see plans. Send
I for ¦ printed U?ta and maps.
j ELROD _ HULL,
I 1310 FRUITVALE AVE.
; Phone Brook 1651.
! W. E. RUDELL— FRUITVALE.
1 $1500 — CottaKe, 4 large rooms and bath; lot 35x
i 140; near Frultvale ave.; flowers, fruit
: trees and vegetables; terms If desired.
j $1400rrG$>ttaj?e, 4 rooms; city water; corner lot, !
175x114:7: chicken-house. barn, etc.; .
terms. $300 cash, balance to suit pur- :
: chaeer. |
' $030 — Cottage. 4 rooms; city water and sewer; ;
! on macadamized street; close to station.
i school and car line; terms. $400 cash, bal- \
! ance $7 per month; lot 23x125.
i $2.".C0 — House. 8 rooms an<1 bath: let 140x140;
ail kinds of fruit trees ami vegetables, i
berry bushes; chicken-houses and large ;
barn; terms, $1000 cas>h. balance- to suit. '
$1400 — New cottage; partly furnished; porce- ]
lain bath; city water and sewer; this
property is close to school, 3 blocks from
station and 1 block from car line.
$2300 — CcttaRe. 4 rooms and bath; lot 175x140;
abundance of Jlowers and fruit j trees;
chleken-house, etc.
$2000—4 acres, near the hills; just the location
for chicken ranch.
Money to loan in amounts to suit for building
purposes.
For rent— Furnlrhed cottage, 5 rooms: will rent '
for 3 months, ?25 per month; stable,
chicken- houses, etc. . s -
Office open until noon on Sunday.
W. E. RUDELL,
I Southeast corner Frultvale ave. and Washing-
I . ton st.. Frultvale, Cal.
CHAS. F. LEE, Phone Vale 296.
Office, one-half block from Fruftvale station.
Only ?5OO cash required: completely fur-
nls.hfil lovely 6-room. bath, pantry, high base-
ment, brick foundation cottaee: handsomely
decorated Interior: steel enameled bath: hand-
si-.me palm tree: full-bearing fruit trees and
flowers In abundance; 3 blocks from car' line;
graded street* school near by; lot 70x113; price
al". told 51750.
*225 cash— 2 large lots, 100x245. with fine
2-story barn.' 100x4O feet; large shade trees on
I bnnk of creek; near street cars and school;
fin* soil; would make good chicken ranch: no
Void winds or foe: price all told $93O, bal.
monthly payments $10; building (new) now on
pronerty would cost alone 5500. """
CHAS. F. LEE, 1222 Frultvale ave.
INCOME PROPERTY FOR SALE.
$600 — Ranch; near Fruitvale; will take a
home In East Oakland in part payment; bal-
ance can remain on ranch.
$400 — Lot In city of Oakland: 36x130; 1 block
from Key Route: In pood location.
fSOO — Two acres of garden land; good well
and barn: near the city of Haywards.
$1050— New cottage; hot arid told water;
street v.oik all done; all modern. -
I. L. SAXTON.
Fruitvale Station.
P. O. Box 245.
$1750 — NEARLY new modern cottajre,- 8 rms..
bath: cor. lot. 40x100; only 3 blocks from
station; $750 cash. $20 per mo.; snap.
$1500— Cottage.. 6 ims.; $300 cash. $20 mo.
$2GO0 — Cottage, 5 rms.; $500 cash. $25 mo
We will build on your own terms — $1800
up: $300 cash, , $20 ner month.
HEDEMARK _ JACK CO.. 11 Montgomery.
.- . r Lorln, South Berkeley.
S4CKV— STOCK and fixtures of poultry ranch; S
seres;, rent $10. F. SEITHMANN, Upper
' Frultvale.
BEBKELEY ADVERT'S'NTS
BERKELEY EEAL ESTATE.
WE SELL THE EARTH.
$2350 — Dainty 5-room cottase; terms easy.
?2<>25 — New S-room cottage; good location.
S2S50 — New 7-room house; fine place.
$3150 — New G-room house; convenient.
$3250 — New ti-room house In North Berkeley.
$3500 — New 7-room house on SE. corner.
$4250 — New 9-room house; very convenient.
$4500 — Xew 7-room house; east of College ave.
J4tKH) — New S-room house; convenient to cars.
$4750^ — Elegant 7-room house; worth seeing.
$5500 — Elegant 0-rm. house; hardwood finish.
$G500— 8-room house; lot 58x150; a bargain.
$(5750— Elegant 9-room house; Scenic Tract.
Lots in the Berry-Bangs Tract, $950 up. .< \' ¦
Lots in the Hopkins Terrace. $500 up.
Lots in the McGee Tract. $250 up.
Also a magnificent business property that
should double in value within five years. For
fyrther information see
JUSTER & BAIRD, 2137 Shattuck ave.
$100 to $500 — NOW is the opportunity to se-
cure a lot In Berkeley, at a very low figure;
$25 to $50 down and easy monthly payments.
W. J. MORTIMER & CO., 2123 Center et.,
Berkeley Station.
$750— LOTS In the Hopkins Terrace will ad-
vance In price next Thursday, August 25.
Come over and secure a lot at once; one-third
down and monthly payments to suit- pur-
chaser. W. J. MORTIMER _ CO., 2123 Cen-
ter st., Berkeley Station.
$1650— FINE double lot In the Wheeler Tract;
grand view.
W. J. MORTIMER _ CO.,
Berkeley Station.
DROP IN MONDAY
And let us show you a brand new modern
$2600 house of 6 rooms; excellent location;
fine view; $150 down, $15 monthly payments.
FOR RENT.
Elegant home of 9 rooms; completely fur-
nished; 2 blocks from station; $55 per month.
Greatest bargains In town In North Berke-
leylots. To eee is to buy.
Houses for sale; and rent; best locations;
easiest terms.
NEWTON & KEEDHAM, '
2131 Center St., Berkeley.
$1900 — 6-ROOM house; high basement; on main
street; up-to-date in every respect; street
work completed; close to cars.
$2600— Handsome new 6-room cottage; 3 bay-
windows; gas in every room; tinted
throughout; street work complete; lot 40x
130 and 4 feet above street: close to Key
Route and S. P. station; Vj block from
street cars.
$3500^ — Fine large 3-room house with basement;
corner lot; rtrcet work complete; in heart
of Lorln.; handy to all cars; owner's In-
structions are to refuse no reasonable of-
fer.
C. C. EMSLIE. the Ashby-ave. Real Estate
Dealer. Open Sundays from 12 to 2.
$2300.
Nearly new 4-room cottage; all furnished;
new piano; lot 60x135; fruit trees and beautiful
flower garden, chicken house and pigeon house;
half block to train: owner East. .-
$2400. :-.' •¦'
7-room cottage, on 80-foot street; half block
to cars; fruit trees, all bearing; good well;
lot 50x140; a snap; street work all done. W.
C. MORAN, South Berkeley. > :
THE McGee Tract Is still In the lead of all
Berkeley properties now on the market; con-
sider prices, convenience to the university,
high school. Key route and S. P. main line,
Berkeley stations and you will find it the
safest Investment; 320 lots, 60x130, left; over
'"40 sold. The early bird catches the worm.
FRANCIS FERRIER. Real Estate and In-
surance. 2121 Shattuck ave., Berkeley station.
MILLS, THE REAL ESTATE MAN,
21C7 Shattuck ave., Berkeley.
A FEW QUICK ONES.
$1500—75 feet on Blake St.; street work fin-
ished.
$1200— A beautiful .lot In Scenic Park Tract.
$500 — Lot 50x130; Catherine St.; very cheap.
Lot 80x159: Benvenue ave. ; call and see. me.
$1000 — Lot 120x135; Ward St.; you need go no
further.
$2000— Lot 60x135; a choice corner on Grove.
PHILO MILLS.
S167 Shattuck ave.
.SPECIAL '
FOR THIRTY DAYS.
LINDA PARK, LINDA PARK, LINDA PARK.
The terminus of 5-cent fare. Haywards cars;
streets graded and graveled; stone sidewalks;
depot on tract; lots from $50 to $200; $20 cash
and balance $10 per month; 15 blocks to local
train; best located property on San Leandro
road: graded school on tract. Apply to S. S. j
AUSTIN, 1101 Twenty-third ave., Oakland.
$1650— 5-r. cottage; $150 cash. $16 per month;
half block to car.
$2200— 5-r. cottage; $250 cash, $20 per month;
1 hlock to station.
$3200— 2- story. 7-r. house; near station; $500
cash. $30 per month.
Homes from $1100 to $10,000, accordlns to
location; cash and Installments. Renting, In-
surance and notary public.
Phone Derbv 890. MURDOCK & CO..
Open Sundays. Lorln station. South Berkeley.
FOR RENT.
Modern, new 7-room house on Mllvla st.,
$27 50
FOR SALE.
40-foot lot on Josephine St., $450.
Best corner in town. Corner Ashby and
Adeline, at a bargain for a few days, cheap.
LITTLE & WOOLSEY, 2110 Shattuck ave., |
BERKELEY. CAL.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
Hopk'.nn Terrace lots are selling fast.
Positively prices raised Thursday. August 25.
Street work all don*.. 1 The most certain, ;
profitable ln\estment In Alameaa County.
JOS. J. MASON, Real Estate*
Berkeley Station. }
NUMBER 1136— $5000 will buy an 11-room
house close In and fine neighborhood; south-
ern exposure.
$2640 for 220- foot frontage and about 200
feet from stations of Key route and steam
cars for Fan Francisco; nothing better in
town for the money.
S. S. QUACKENnUSH.
2130 Center »t.
FOR sale — New and nearly new houses from
$1800 to $20,000; lots from $250 to $7000; wa
can sell you a desirable lot 3 blocks from
Dwlght-way station, size 40x130. for $700;
will build you a house to suit on a payment
of $500 down, balance monthly; before_buy-
ing, give us a r call and let us show you our
extensive list. F, H. LAWTON & CO.. 2147
Center st
BARGAIN — Almost new 5-room cottase, bath,
pantry, china closet, folding doors, tiled pink,
high basement,- brick foundation, city water,
larpe lot. chicken house; street work done;
price $2250; terms. $300 cash, balance $20
monthly; close to Key route and S. P. sta-
tion. O. A. RUDOLPH, Lorln station. South
Berkeley. Open Sundays.
IMPROVED lot for factory purposes. 12.".x
87:6 feet: severs and -water: concrete found*- !
tlon for building: close to R. R. track; West
Berkeley. 'Box 1334, Call office, Oakland.
$1750— ELEGANT lot adjoining university j
grounds: worth $2500.
Send for our fine map of Berkeley.
W. R. ELLIS & CO..
2150 SHATTUCK AVE.
Phone North 02.
5-ROOM cottage; lot 40x100; city water, also '
good well, chicken house, fruit trees, flower
garden; close to stations. Key route and S.
P. Open Sundays. O. A. RUDOLPH, Lorln
Btatlon. South Berkeley.
BARGAIN — 1-room cottage, bath, pantry, high
basement, chicken houses: pigeon houses,
stable, etc.. city water, also well water: lot
50x100; all fenced and crossfenced: price
$15C0; terms, $300 cash, balance $17 monthly:
close to Key route ami S. P. station. Op*n
Sundays. O. A. 11UDOLPH, Lorln station,
South Berkeley. "¦ - > !
$7000 — MODERN house. 17 rooms, baths and
closets, finely finished and arranpreo. for two
families; lot 45x125; situated in Berkeley,
close to the university and street car line;
J.yjoo cash, balance on time.
SEAL .ROCK- INVESTMENT CO..
1312 MRrket st.. rooms 418-419.
Tel. Folsom 346S.
1003 VIRGINIA St., new 5-room cottase: lot
40x100; short distance from college anri trains;
$2000. MORAN _ SWAIN, 2131 Shattuck
. ave.. opp. Berkeley' station.
LOTS 50x130 for $000; Central Berkeley; street
work done. W. K. FRENCH. 1SU Pine. S. F.
b_s~:ei.~y r_ATs to _et.
TWO modern fiats, 4 and 5 rooms, 3 stores, one
block north 1 of depot. Corner tihattuck ave.
and Berkeley way. -
BSBEELET COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE, 6 rooms, near South Berkeley sta-
tlon; enap for cash. P. O. box 162, Oakland.
FEUITVALE ADVERT'S'TS
PKTTIT— A__ BEAL ESTATE."
$75 LOTS In the beautiful Rosa Lee Tract;
fine soil; grand view; new homes rapidly go-
' Ing up: no cold 1 winds or wet fogs, and lots
only $75 each; $5 down, bal. $2 60 per mo.
CHARLES F. LEE. 1222 Frultvale ave.
THE Frultvale Index Is published the first of
every month by O. M. JUDSON,- 1316 Fruit-,
vale : ave. P. O. box 466, Frultvale. All
kinds of realty advertised In the Index free
of charge. • ¦ ¦ ., 1
FEUITVALE ADY'T'SMNTS
r_TjrrvA_E »_a_ estate.
FRUITVALE. BUY IN FRUITVALE.
We are exclusive agents for Sather tract:
6 minutes' walk to local station; more thaa
40 cottages lately erected.
New cottages, ready for oecupancy, we sell
on terms If desired, or pick out your lot and
build to vour own Ideas; will assist you tn
plans, making loans, etc.
Lots in Hemphlll tract; lots tn Linda Park;
one or two acre tracts.
Exclusive agent* for Sather property tn Ala-
meda. Call at our new office. See our large
list.
SALISBURT & TOUJJG.
Entrance, room 68. Bacon block.
OAKLAND. (Take elevator.)
FOR sale— $2750; It cost $3750; rents tor $20
per month; 2 cottages on lot. 40x150. Apply
to S. S. AUSTIN. 1101 Twenty-third av*..
East Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVEKT'S'M'TS
Or.iCE, 1018 BROADWAY.
OAK-AjrP KEAI. ISTAT_.
HOLCOMB. BREED _ BANCROFT, In_»
1060 BROADWAY. OAKLAND. CAI*
$20 per foot; on Broadway, 109 feet frontage;
extra depth; snap.
$800— Fine corner on the Key route intern.
close to Twenty-fourth and Market; 37:6x
100; must surely double In near future.
C.E.B.
$3290 — l^-story cottage; neat and cosy; some
very exceptional features; reception hall,
parlor, dining-room paneled, sideboard,
fin* mantels, etc.. "a den." with book-
cases and cozy corner; 3 bedrooms with
3 closets, bathroom quite up-to-date; large
lot; terms $1000 cash, balance bank mort-
gage.
NO. 47
$3750. JUST COMPLETED. $3750.
A Swiss bungalow contalnlns; 00 first
floor a reception hall, parlor, dining-room,
library or den, kitchen, pantries, etc.;
upstairs, 3 bedrooms, bath, with all mod-
ern fixtures, 2 toilets, gas and electric
lighting; this property Is within easy
walking distance of 14th and Broad-way.
$4500 — On Webster St., on the Borland prop-
erty, within easy walking distance of the
center of town, within two blocks of
Telegraph ave. line and one block of
Piedmont ave. line; the ground is from 2
to 4 feet above street level and adapted
to terracing; the house contains on first
floor, parlor, back parlor, hall, dining-
room, kitchen, pantry and laundry; on
second floor are 3 bedrooms, servant's
room and bath. Two beautiful fireplaces
and combination fixtures ornament the
place; lot 45x100; this house cost, com-
plete. $5800; offer wanted.
BEAUTIFUL ALAMEDA HOME.
Beautiful home, 8 large rooms and bath; all
modern conveniences; oak hall and stairway;
art glass windows; hot air furnaces; full base-
ment, cement floor; plateglass window; lot
55x145; choicest residence location In Ala-
meda; owing to owner's removal will sell at
sacrifice; offer wanted.
HOLCbMB. BREED — BANCROFT. Inc.
1080 BROADWAY. OAKLAND. CAL.
A FEW SNAP BARGAINS.
BY
HOWE. 854 BROADWAY. \
MUST BB SOLD QUICK.;
$2350 — A tt-room cottase ; modern Improve-
ments; nearly new; finely appointed; good
sized lot; close to San Pablo ave. and 23d
St.; reduced from $2S0O for quick sale;
$?50 cash, balance S per cent If desired.
$2500 — Half a block and $S50 Improvements In
East Oakland; high grounds; fine view;
6 blocks from boulevard and 4 blocks
from 4th ave. car line; this Is only one-
half the value, according to values of
adjacent lots; will give terms or accept
offer for all cash.
$1250 — Part cash; a 5-room rural cottage; lot
35x100 feet; on 30th st., near San Pablo
ave;. lot alone is worth $1050; street and
sewerage all done. >
$47B — A beautiful plot ' of ground, furnished
cabin and a fine well of water, all for
$475 if sold within 5 days; fine place for
pigeon farm or for chickens; between
Elmhurst and Frultvale; a sacrifice of
about one-half value for quick sale.
LOTS.
BEST BARGAINS IN LOTS IN OAKLAND.
$160— A beauty; 40x133; on Moss ave.. on;
block from Haywards car line; reduced
from $250; must be sold quick to raise
cash.
$250 each — * lots. 25x113; Union and 26th sts.;
will take offer.
$600 — A fine deep lot. 30x140. on S2d st.. be-
tween West and Market; street and sewer-
age all done.
$S50 — A snap; corn«r lot on Linden and 30th
sts.; 31:9x90.
$1*00— A beauty at 19th and Market; average
of 55x125; tony neighborhood.
$42 50 per front foot — 2 dandy lots for San
Francisco people; 16th and Adeline sts.
TAYLOR* BROS. _ CO..
REAL ESTATE, INSURANCE,- FIXANCTAIj
AGENTS.
Phone Cedar 351. 1236 Broadway. Oakland, Cal.
KEY-ROUTE COTTAGE.
$2100 — Five rooms. nicely finished: high
basement; east frontage: fins view of
Piedmont and bay; large lot; owner
leaving city and must sell.
$3500 — Handsome two-story, modern, shingled
cottage; one-half block of Key route;
close to school, also on direct car line
downtown; must be seen to be appre-
ciated; we have only a few days to de-
liver this property at this price.
DESIRABLE HOME.
$3500 — Two-story. S rooms, doubla parlors, also
finished rooms In basement for servant:
ccmtnt coping. Iron fence. Independent
water supply; lot 40x100 feet; one block
from the new Fourth-avenue Key route;
a very cheap and desirable home.
WE HAVE A VERT»CHOICE LOT OF
RESIDENCE SITES IN VARIOUS
PARTS OF THE CITY. WB RESPECT-
FULLY INVITE PURCHASERS TO IN-
SPECT OUR PROPERTY BEFORE BUY-
ING. COURTEOUS SALESMEN AND
FREE CONVEYANCE ALWAYS AT
YOUR COMMAND.
TAYLOR BROS & CO.
FLATS FOR RENT.
ONLY ONE I.EFT of those four large fine
sunny 5-room flats on 22d st.. east of Web-
ster, Lakeside district; paneled dining-room.
Urge parlor with library nook; separate en-
trance, some as if you were In a cottage; upper
flat rt-nt J27 50; charming view over Lake
Merrltt; clone to cars; short distance from
n^irow-gauge depot.
LOOK AT THIS.
$3250 will buy a fine almost new story and. a
- half Queen Anne style cottage of seven
rooms; close to Oakland ave.; property Is
worth $ 10CO.
SEE THIS IF YOU WANT A HOME AT A
BARGAIN.
ALSO OTHERS.
Good property in all parts -of Oakland for
sale at bargain prices.
JAS. S NAISMITH,
634 Thirteenth st.. Oakland.
OAKLAND AVE. LOTS.
I have a choice corner lot for sale en the
FE. corner of Oakland ave. and Pearl st..
40:6xl3S. The ground Is level; the street work
all done. The best location on, the lower end
of Oakland ave. ., V-.-V N
Two other lots on the west side of Oakland
ave.. lower down. 40x90. These will be sold
at half the regular price.
One very desirable lot on the east side of
Oakland ave.. next south of the cement steps
st the top of the first hill. &0xll8; $200 dis-
count will be made from the regular price of
lots in that locality to enable the purchaser to
butld a wall and steps like others adjoining.
These four lets are the best on the lower end
ot Oakland ave. and adjoin fine residences.
IRA C. JENKS.
1209 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
S. M. DODGE & SON, ,
116O Broadway. Oakland.
$2600. or even less — A very desirable 6-room
cottage, with bath, in a good neighbor-
hood, close to street car and near busi-
ness; short walk to 14th st. depot: 662
19th st.; for permission to Inspect call at
the office.
$2750. worth $3000 — Good, 8-room house, be-
tween two car lines and only five blocks
from Telegraph ave. Key route station.
$7500. no lees — A delightful, new. 8-room
house, colonial style, with gas, electricity,
furnace and everything up-to-date; large
yard; southern frontage.
"We have a LARGE NUMBER OF VACANT
LOTS In good locations, at reasonable prices;
come of them great bargains.
8 M DODGE £ SON, .
1160 Broadway, Oakland.
$3750— Reduced from s«ovo for~a quick safe;
this property must and will be sold; new
colonial house of 7 rooms, bath; lot 50x
125; neighborhood first class and con-
venient to Key route station, between
Telegraph ave. and Broadway; terms only
S75O cash, balance mortgage; space Is too
expensive to describe this property as it
should be; to see It means to buy It and
to fully appreciate it both as a bargain
and a home.
J. S. MTERS,
. _ 1002 Broadway, Oakland. CaL '- ' ¦THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,' SUNDAY, AUGUST 21, 190*.
42
BUSIJTESS C-L-.-TCXS— <?O-t-qq»a.
"REXRADIO." th« famous London healing
"Radium King." having by his marvelous
vitalized radium powerquicklyandwonderful-
ly cured me and my many friends, all promi-
nent citizens (many were ••Instantly' cured),
ae an act of graUtude I Invite 100 hope-
less" sufferers to come to my offices, hear our
strong testimonies, and themselves be curea
by his truly extraordinary radium treatment.
I will" pay for your treatments (noth-ng ror
"you" to pay). Others also welcome to wit-
ness" his continual, astonishing and Inexpllc-
able cures. Hours 2 to 4. "Brokers. zo
Montgomery St.. aulte 21.
$850— GROCERY and bar; old established: long
. lease;. 4 living rooms: rent $25; sickness
cause. 74S Brannan st.
BUTCHER shop averaging $40 business day:
trade and location best possible; owner out
of health. G., cor. Sanchez. Mkt. and latn.
FOR~saie^-~WeIl established candy store and
Icecream parlors; good location: reasonable.
Address box 103, Healdaburg. Cal.
RELIABLE active man wanted, with $150
cash; will pay $75 per month; steady place,
light work. 87 Third St.. room 14.
A DRUMMER with $2000 can employ money
and services to very good advantage Iri
wholesala manufac. business. Bex 4970, Call, j
IF you are satisfied with $2 50 per day call at \
400 9th St.; transfer cor. cigar store; fixtures
cost $300; stock. $100. $100 takes it to-day.
$850— ROOMING and boarding house; 27 rooms,
all full; sickness cause of sale; must be sold j
this month. J. MURRAY, Point Richmond. I
FOR sale — Old-established stationery A period-
ical business, with a lcng lease. Apply to E.
BAUER. 8. F. News Co., 842 Geary st.
RESTAURANT, fully equipped: receipts $20 a
day to rent at $25 a month: will sell If
wished afterward. Box 27, Call office.
A BARGAIN— Old established trimming, har-
I ness and carriage business; selling account |
sickness. Box 1286. Call office, Oakland. j
$550 — BAKERY and all equipments for sale;
call any time Monday forenoon. 1338 Ken-
tucky st.
WANTED — To buy or lease a hotel In country
or city; country preferred; no agents. Box
33C4. Call office. f
$200 — PASTRY, candy, stationery, notions, etc.; I
3 furn. rooms and basement. 525 Taylor st. :
FOR SALE — Sandwich and waffle stand next
I to the Annex, Ocean Beach.
BRANCH bakery, delicatessen store for sale
account sickness. 405 Sixth st.
; CANDY store and factory: fin* fixtures; good
I lease; a snaD; make offer. 328 Hayes st.
FOR sale — The best paying shoe shop In the
city, all 2140 Flllmore st.
$2400 — GROCERY and bar; choice corner; Mis-
sion; rent cheap; long lease. Box 3023. Call. I
; WANTED — A paying grocery and bar. . Box
4950. Call office.
GROCERY, liquor, b. bakery and notion store I
for sale cheap; owner sick. 290 Crescent ave.
A GOOD paying saloon In flno location. Ap- ;
ply IOCS Powell st. (
SAETTA CRUZ BUSINESS CHA-TCES. j
j WE make a special feature of listing and j
finding business opportunities for newcomers !
and are conceded to be the leaders In this
line; we can place you in about anything I
you wish to engage ln\ This week wa have j
; special inducements in lodging-houses, on
principal business street; also a fine chanco j
In boot and shoe store, centrally located; J
butcher shop, bakery, etc. If interested, j
write to us for particulars. ;
ADAM3 & BARRY, i
117 PACIFIC AVE., '
SANTA CRUZ, CALIFORNIA. !
_.ODGiHa-notrsj_s fob sale.
: A— CAMERON & CO., Phono South 1050. !
3 Eddy fct., cor. Market and Powell.
H«adquartrrs for rooming-houses. Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
90-roem, new, modern 2 and 3 room apart- >
1 ment house; cheap rent; most elegantly !
equipped in city: 5 years' lease; every appoint-
meat heart could wish; this little gem at bar- ,
: gain on account of sickness.
28 rcoms: elerant fur. family hotel on Nob
Hill; doing fine business; will trade for large :
apartrr.er.t-house and pay cash difference.
108 rooms; cheap rent; new and elegantly I
furnished, up-to-date rooming-house; has fine j
bar; can be run In conjunction if desired; rare, j
chance for rizht parties; part cash, balance '
can bo paid out of the house; other business '
Interests demand Immediate departure. \
R-year lease and contract for furnishing: new j
and up-to-date 40-room house; fina central loca- I
tion; party suddenly called East. f
1CS rooms; rent only $5 50 per room, long !
lease, ud to date, downtown, modern house; ;
electric lights, bells and elevator; ail light i
rooma; well furnished throughout; chance of '
lifetime to get first-class house that is clearing: |
$¦'{50 to $450 at bargain; has slzned to accom- •
modate 1-irce body of people in coming con- I
clav*; owner obliged to leave for Europe to !
settle an estate; make offer: exclusively with i
us. ; v
26 rooms, new and elegantly furnished, on
Sutter; paying a handsome profit on Invest-
ment; call fur particulars.
30 rooms: newly furnished throughout; 5- j
yoar lease; downtown; fine respectable money- !
making Uouse; part down, balance reasonable :
interest. \, 1
0-rocm flat: rent only $50: water free; oak •
furniture; wood carpels; must sell by Septem-
ber 1; price $400.
75 rcomv. grand new building; elegantly fur-
nished; cheau rent; 10 years' lease; close in;
clears $400 ;nr month; $4000 down, balance 8
p«r ctnt per annum; departure.
18 rooms: rent $'35; best block on Mission
street; Rood buy and worth the price; $30O.
G5 rooms: best downtown commercial house
In city; clearing pow $3C0 per month; every-
thing first-clais condition; will trade for Oak-
land. Alameda or Berkeley property or ranch
in California; must leave city. !
21 rooms; cheaD rent; very central; good j
furnliure and carpets; clears $100 per month; I
must l«?ave city; make an offer.
32 rcom«»: cheap rent; 2 years' lease: fine |
downtown location; 2 entrances; everythlns In!
first-class condition; good furniture and car-
ptta; clearing i.ow $2t0 per month; if run tran-
sient cin clear $300 to $350 per month; here is
best proposition In city."..
7-room modern flat, close in, well furnished:
cost $600; at bargain if sold at once; $300.
12S roorr.s; cheep rent; long lease; first-class,
up-to-date downtown house: well furnished;
clearing $300 to $t;CO per month; must sell en
account o£ .other business; only with us.
CO rooms; new, modern building; elegantly
furnished; close In; full flrst-cla3s people;
clearing a handsome profit; fine opportunity to
get an up-to-date house reasonable; sickness.
24 rooms; rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; fine proposition;
gcod Itasc.
45 rocms: rent only $125; first-class location;
well 'unlisted and good running order; clear-
ing now over $200 per month; always full: best
buy In city; account sickness; price $4500.
180 rooms: grand, new. modern apartment- I
house; elegantly furnished and equipped; cheap
rent; hne 1-ass: paying $500 to $600 per month;
close In; full of nice people; bargain If taken
at once; dissolution of partnership.
23 rooms; central: 4-year lease; clears $103
over all expenses; most elgantly furnlshd and
equipped little apartment house in city; call
for full particulars; only with us.
IB rooms; rent $65; good furniture and car-
pets; always full: must sell within next ten
days; leaving city; make offer.
C4 rooms; cheap rent; thoroughly renovated;
all In fine shape; fine little apartment-house;
clears $150; reduced to $2800.
Large list of real estate, rooming-houses and
business fcr exchange or trad: always on hand
CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy st.
120U Market— MITCHELL & CO.— Jessie 2931
20 r., housekeeDinz: rent $105; make offer
10 r.. beautiful house: sunny; clears $50.
15 r.. housekeeping: fine house; r. $75; $ r j00
in r.. 2 floors: rent $50; tease: $1000
11 r.. 2 floors: rent $41; for $350.
19 r.. house; rent $S5: sunny; for $900
9 r.. house: rent $45; well furnished: $450.
MITCHELL & CO., 1200 MARKET.
75-ROOM lodging-house for sale or exchange-
good income property; it will pay you to In-
vestigate this, as It Is one of the best In Oak-
land. F. F. PORTER. 466 Eighth St.? Oak-
land.
9-ROOM flat, near Larkln; oak furniture- fin*
carpets; rent Inc. water; $37; only $C50 TEV
EYCK FISH. General Delivery.
ROOMING-HOUSE of 14 rooms for sale cheap-
rooms filled. 491 Fourth sC
WANTED— LodKinat- house of about 30 rooms.
Address box 3490. Call office.
30 ROOMS; clears $90; price $900. Box 4S02
Call office. I
— i
FOR sale— Well paying; 21 -room lodging-house.
ii Inquire grocery store. 1030 Folsom st. j
FOR sale— J125; 11 rooms; rent $30. 535 >4 '
te'tsvonson st..
_^ ABTB0I.0QY.
CONSULT ASTOR. famous N. Y. astrologer;
man of ability. 997 Market St.; book free.
ATTOain3Ta.AT--.AW.
R. W. KING. Attorney. nt-t.nw. Exam, bldg.,
¦ 6th floor: entranca mom 611; established 15
yearn; all rases, general court and office
practice; no fro in Mdv«nc* or for consulta-
¦ tlon; evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 8(i01.
ADVICE free on all legal matters; divorces a
*pecialty; private, quick; no pay In advance;
mining companlen orgnulftd .'patents obtained;
G. W. HOWE, 1122 Market »t. : estab. 22 yrs.
DIVORCE— Costs, $12; quick, quiet; advlci
free; all law bustn«»s; no charge unless suc<
rtcsful; i pen evenings. 927 Market, room H01.
ADVICE free: dh-orc«> costs $12; no fees or
ccsta In advsncv>: all law business; OfSca
open Saturday evenings. 819 Market St.. r.SI.
COLLECTIONS, nttnrhmentn, mechanic's
llene. probate, tennntu ejected. Attorney, 632
Market St.. room 23.
Columbian Law A Collection Agency, r. 85. 918
Market; tel. John 0220; solicits your business.
L. S. CLARK', 927 Market St.; consultation
free; no fees in advance: ocen evenings.
ADVICE free: all canes; open evenings. FRANK
COLBOURN. Lawyer, 927 Market, room 426.
PATENTS and D»n»1onn— SONNTAG'S PAT-
ENT & 1T5NS1ON AGCY.. 214 Pine, 6th floor.
ASTHMA BETJEDT.
DI NOLA'S Asthma Remedy relieves Instant-
ly; 10c, 25c. 50c 1C02 Market. St. Nicholas;
also Wlshart. 10th and Washington. Oakland.
BIRDS. DOGS. ETC.
TOUNO parrots, guaranteed to talk. $5 each:
largest variety dogs, birds, cages, etc., at low
prices. 1544-46 Market st.
HARTZ Mountain canarles& African srray par-
rots.Just received. A.C. Roblson, 335 Kearny.
BOARDING FOB CHIIiDKEJT.
A LAD_Y will board a few children; first-class
home. MRS. WILLIS, Bay View ave., Elm-
) hurst.
MIDDLE-AGED lady, would board 2 or 3 chll-
I dren; rooms for parents. 3003 Twentieth st.
CARE of child by English lady; large sunny
yard. 848 Valencia Ft.
CHILD to board. 20 Freelon street.
LITTLE girl to board; good home; references.
2214 Larkln street.
WANTED— A small child to board in private
family. 861^4 Greenwich st.
CHILD* to board and teach; under 8 years;
terms reasonable. M., 2211 Broderlck st.
CHILD to board. 20 Freelon street.
GOOD home, good care for one or two children.
G42 Jessie st.
GOOD home for boy over 6 years to board.
1749 Fulton st.
WOULD like care of child or Invalid. 310
Valencia st.
BOOKS.
ECHOOL books, old and new. bought and sold.
DALY A CURRAN. 867 Oeary st.
J^SINESS^CIIAKCXS^^
A— $750; DELICATESSEN, branch bakery and
fancy grocery; 4 nice living rooms; rent $25;
daily receipts about $20; beat location north
of Market st. Call R. G. WILKE, 2<i 1 / i
Kearny st.
A — {1500; CORNER saloon; In choicest location
of the Mission; rent 512; place estab. many
years; doing a good paying business. See It.
G. WILKE, 26i^ Kearny st.
1
A— $1MK); THE leading oyster-house and res-
taurant in Santa Rosa; rent $50; business
established years and making money. See
It. G. WILKE. 20 »4 Kearny st.
A — $2200; ROADHOUSE; the best in Scnoma
County; house of U rooms, orchard etc.; 4Vi
yeara 1 lease; Investigate at once; a rate
chance. R. G. WILKE, 2C>* Kearny St.
j A— $1800; CORNER saloon; about 1 block, from
: Chronicle building; lease; one of the best lo- j
i cations In this city: rare chance. See R. j
; G. WILKE, 2tf% Kearny st.
A — $1200; corner saloon on Ellis St., rent ?40,
lease; dally receipts $lh: fine location, good '
business. Call R. G. WILKE, -'SMi Kearny.
A — $1200; corner family liquor store; choicest
location In Western Add.: value In sight
and a good paying business; 41& years' .
lease. Call R. G. , WILKE, 2«H4 Kearny st. I
A — $0500; SALOON, one or the best on Market ¦;
st.; 4V4-year lease; rent $107; place is ele- '
I gantly fitted up and never clearing Isss than !
?.>50 per month. See R. G. WILKE. 26 ft
Kearoy st.
A— $2B0O; HOTEL In San Mateo Ca ; 28 fur-
nished room?, dining and bar room, bowling >
alley and dance pavilion; rent $100; horse,
wagon and 3 cows; 5-year lease. See It. G. '
WILKE. 20Va Kearny Ft. j
A— $2000; CORNER saloon; only one block of j
Market St.; place established years; 4 rooms I
upstairs; lease; rent $70; a good business.
See R. G. WILKK, 26>/ 4 Kearny st.
A— $2000; CORNER saloon; living rooms; 1
place establ. years; doing a good-paying busl- |
ness; lea.«e; sickness of owner compels him j
to sacrifice. R. G. WILKE, 26 H Kearny st.
A — $3500; COKNER grocery and bar on Fulton j
st. ; rent $00; living rooms; stock will in- ;
voice about $2800; a well established and |
first-class paying business. See R. G. •
WILKE. 20& Kearny B t. j
A— $350: CORNER cigar stand on water front; \
rent $25; value In sight; a good business.
" Pee R. G. WILKE. 2tt& Kearny st. i
A— $1750; GROCERY and bar; located in the ',
best manufacturing town of San Mateo Co.; I
cash trade; rent $30; 4 furnished rooms; !
lease. See R. G. WILKE, 2U& Kearny st.
A— $2000; CORNER saloon with 4 years' lease
In wholesale district; owner bought ranch
and sacrifices: saloon established years; a
first-class paying place. See R. G. WILKE, !
26& Kearny st. j
A— $800; CORNER saloon In wholesale district;
rent $50; place doing a/ fine business; sur-
rounded by wholesale houses;' no night or
Sunday work. It. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A— $3500; ELEGANT barroom, with mercan-
tile lunch; on Montgomery St.. vicinity of
California; place must be sacrificed on ac-
ccunt of ill health of owner. See R. G. |
WILKE. 26 & Kearny st.
$1100— RESTAURANT and chop house; choice •
corner on Kearny; complete in every detail; :
cost $2100. Merchants' Agency, 1008% Mkt. I
j BEST payiner. delicatessen store in lively busi-
ness street; doing a first-class cash business;
value In sight; owner retiring. MER-
CHANTS' AGENCY, 1008% Market st.
$1100— RESTAURANT and chop house; choice
corner on Kearny; complete In every detail;
coat .?21UO. Merchants' Agency, 1008% Mkt.
BEST paying delicatessen etore In lively busi-
ness street; doing a flrat-class cash business;
value In sight: owner retiring. MER-
CHANTS 1 AGENCY. 1008% Market st.
$3000— SALOON ; near city front: lease; rent
I $80. See F. BERG, 318 Kearny et.
$250 — PARTNER in light business: good
chance right man. See BERG, 318 Kearny.
$75C0— LIVERY and boarding stable at a bar-
gain. See F. BERG, 318 Kearny st.
I $1250— SALOON and cafe; this Is a snap; In
wholesale district; no Sunday work.
SEAL ROCK INVESTMENT CO..
1312 Market St.. rooms 418-419.
Tel. Foisom 34C8.
$3000— EXPERIENCED man In furniture busi-
ness with a few thousand dollars; best
chance to make money In that line In a pros-
perous town in California. Inquire box
3CS5, Call office.
STAGE line for sale; 10 stage horses. 2 9-pas-
senger stages. 3-rocm house and lot and
stage barn; change barn, 160 acres of land;
wish to retire from business; good paying;
at a bargain. Address box 3950, Call office.
$400 CASH buys 20-room* house and restaurant;
seats 40; coal and gas range; rooms all full;
running water in every room; this Is a bar-
gain. Brockbank & Norton, 917 Market st.
$700 BUTS cigar stand, factory, billiard hall
and laundry office; receipts $10 a day; 4
years', lease; $25 a month rent. Inquire
1007% Market St., room 1.
TWO energetic business men of good standing
with established manufacturing business of
an article of daily consumption, and having
large contracts for same and employing at
present 12 hands, want capital of from $30OO
to $5000; good security; investigation open to
j right parties; no middlemen. Box 3758. Call.
$300 SECURES Interest in profitable light mtg.
business: nothing difficult to learn; value In
sight; Inside work. ¦ 247 Fifth si. i
FOR sale— Lodging-house with bar and grocery
stori; doing good business; cheap. 147
Capital St.. Vallejo,- Cal. •
BAKERY for sale. IB50 Church St.; 5. years'
lease. ".•¦', . . : • . . .
BEE me before you buy a saloon: long lease;
central location; reasonable. Box 4044, Call.
I HOT and cold delicacy store; doing btg bust-
' . neesj __r_e stock; very cheap. 217 Sixth st.
| -CEETI-TQS— SUKPAY.
AT master adepts. 148 Sixth St., test circle
every night; readings dally; a 7-week' s de-
veloping class being organised, complete
I cost $7 B0. P
MME. YOUNG'S test meet to-night; Mrs. Seal,
lecture; 10c; 364 Hayes, nr. Gough; private
readings dally, 1720 Sacramento, nr. Van N.
REV. THOS. McGRADY. Alhambra Theater,
Aug. 28; Industrial Evolution," free; Aug.30,
Socialism and Religion; ad. lOo, reserve 25c.
MRS. STODDARD'S seances; select: 25c; full
readings and tests; Sunday, Tuesday; sit-
tings daily. 278 Ninth st.
MRS. EBERHARDT. test meeting to-night,
10c. 2C7 San Jose ave., near Twenty-fifth St.,
Valencia car.
ADMISSION free: mustlc circles, Sunday, Mon.
and Wed. nights; new revelations. SIDNEY,
610 Ellis st.
A— TESTS; front hall, 909 Market. 2-8, Wilson.
Waltman; 8. Dr. Cowan. H. Hargrav*; 10c.
MRS. HARLAND. 148 Sixth; test circles: even-
ings; to-night, 10c: prophetic readings.SOc, ?1
DR. COLLINS' teet meeting this evening;
sealed questions answered. 14S 6th, room 3S.
FREE meetings; Mr. and Mrs. Howe and oth-
ers. Room S x Odd Fellows' building, 2 p. m.
TESTS, 8 p. m., Scottish Hall. 117 Larkln St.;
Maxwell, Vleans, Hovet. McKee; good music.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister St.— Mrs. C.
J.Meynr; Pit. daily; tests to alt every ev. ;10c.
CIRCLE to-night. 10c; Prof. Siblick. Esryptlaa
J occult: daily 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. 700 Ellis st.
ARRIVED— Mrs. Wayborn. medium: circle to-
night $1; read, this wk.25c. 1235 Mkt.,nr.9th.
W. G. KEEOAN holds a test seance every
night excest Saturday; 10c. us Sixth st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, business medium and
life reader. 1200 Market St.. Gait House.
AT \?X* Mission Ft., 7:45. Prof. Perkins of
Chicago lectures ar.d gives readings.
EARLE'S grand test seance to-night. 1052
Kill* st.
SUKDATT L-CTPS-5. '
A A — Dr. John A. Kergan'a free lecture this
eve.. Crystal Hall. Pythian Castle. 009 Mar-
ket; subject. "Drains on Vitality," followed
by views of tour of California; free tickets
distributed; X-ray t-xhlbition at sanitarium
Tues. eve.; remember ques. box; spec, music.
"IS My Life Ruled by Fate?" lecture by Mrs.
Vnn Auken. at Vnn Auken Oxygen Institute,
815 Van N<=ss ave., nsar Ellis St., 8 Monday
evening; bring written questions; 10c.
MAIXY FAIRPROTIIER lectures to-night, 8
p. m.. Carmen's Hull, O'Farrell St.; subject,
"Traditions of the Democratic-Republican
Party"; collection; come early.
HARRY GAZE at Golden Gate main hall; free
lecture at 8; subject. "Old Age a Chronic
Disease; its Cause, Prevention and Cure."
JAMES B. OSBORNE. the blind orator of
• Colorado, lectures next Thursday at Turk-st.
Temple at 8 p. m., on "The Materialist Con-
ception of History."
OMAR, Prophet of the Nile, lectures to-night,
Golden Gate Hall, cast parlor. S p. m.; sub-
ject. "Astral Forces" ; will prophesy; free.
VEDANTA Society — Swaml Trlgunatlta's lec-
ture to-night at 8 o'clock, on "Philosophy
of Prayer," at 40 Stelner st. ; admission 25c.
HENRY FRANK lectures TO-DAY at 11
o'clock In GoljJen Gate Hall. Subject, "The
Victories of Truth"; arim. free; res. seats 25c.
GREAT Socialist picnic next Sunday, Ger-
manla Gardens, Harbor View: admission 25c;
no lecture next Sunday In Carmen's Hall.
EUGENE V. DEBS speaks In the Woodward's
Pavilion evening. September 24.
GREAT Ready-Lewis debate In Woodward's
Pavilion middle of October; look out.
MEETHT& NOTICES.
MEMBERS of Ivy Chapter No. 27. O. .
E. 8.. are hereby notified to attend the w£Cj»
funeral of our late sister, JOHANNA jBBT
LAN(JE. at the mortuary chapel of *^
James Hacan & Co., 4'J Thirteenth street,
at 3 o'clock p. m. By order of the Worthy
Matron. EVA D. SALSBURY. Secretary.
YE R HA BUENA Lodge No. IS. I. -agsayv^.
O. O. F. — Officers rind members $22?&g$fe
arp hereby nviues'ei t'> assemble " 5 *^-" ? 205ur'^~'
in the lodgeroom THIS DAY
Sunday) at 12:80 o'clock for the purpose of
atlendin™ the funeral of our late brother,
Samuel Wheeland.
STEVEN D. HECK. Noble Grand.
CHAS. A. WIPEWELL. Secretary. ,
CONCORDIA Lodge No. 122. I. O. ojJfflSSSSSt.
i >. F. — The members of the f li ~ £ %£/*%$&(%
m ml committee arc hereby nrti - ~-3SjS}ijJs~'
fied to assemble at O. F. Hall, --»wK??~ '
MONDAY, August 22, at 1 p. m., to attend
the funeral of our late brother, LOUIS
KITSCH, deceased. ,
FRANK ROTHING. N. G.
CHRIST ROEBER. Rec. Sec.
ALTA IxOdEP No. 2<\". I. O. O. F. — <£$SS2&&t.
Funeral of BROTHER JOHN J.
MOLLER. SUNDAY. August 21, '
B. F. LEDFORD, Noble Grand.
ALTA Lodge No. 205. I. O. O. F.— ,**«£_&.
Initiation MONDAY EVENING, -fjffggfffflfc
UB "b. F. LEDFORD. N. G. / *MW*>'
WOODMEN of the World — _-»
Do not fall to attend mon- "Tg
ster stat; party arM ban- vffi-^Tri'CT V
¦iiiPt t:iven by Golden (late f^^VjlV^ ?ffi?4T»
Camp. Elntracht Hall, te2_r-*-***-*^
THURSDAY EVENING, —
2oth Inst. All neighbors and their friends
welcome. , JOHN WISNOM.
Chairman Committee of Arrangements.
MODERN Woodmen of Amerlca,Good- "\*^ f i^
fellowship Camp &033, M. W. of A., I Vy
meets every MONDAY NIGHT at |v*^
Fraternity Hall. !W9 Market st., San VTV
Francisco. W. H. EDWARDS, V.C.
W. J. ELLIOTT, Clerk; office, room 627
Emina Fpreckels building. :'-.-'-
THE annual meetlntr of the stockholders of
Pacific Undertakers will be held at the of-
fice of the company. 777 Mission St., San
Francisco. Ca!., TUESDAY. August 23, 1904,
«t 8 o'clock p. m., for the election of direct-
ors for the ensuing term and the transaction
of euch business as may come before the
meeting. Transfer books will close Friday,
August 19. 1904, at 4 p. m. By order of the
Beard of Directors. M. C. GORHAM. Sec.
AGEHTS ¦WANTED. ~ , ','. ~
DO you want work? Ladles or gtntlcnen; no
canvassing or soliciting; no time from regu-
lar occupation: no one need know you ure
my representative; no money, outfit cr ex-
perience needed; easy, permanent, honorable,
profitable work can be done home: for In-
formation, address J. W. KIDD, 0023 B_ltes
block. Fort Wayne. Ind.
WANTED — Lady or jrer.tleman of fair educa-
tion to travel for a firm of $250,000 capital:
s.ilaiy 5>1U7- j;cr year and expenses: paid
v/e«kly. Address, with stamp, JOS A.
ALEXANDER, Fan Francisco, Cal.
EXCEPTIONAL opportunity, city or country:
exclusive, territory given in country; new
line; no competition; permanent Income. 4C9
Grant bulldlnp. Seventh and Market sts.
AGENTS — An agency for a proposition that is
a decided improvement on building and loan
Ig worth having. Great Western Improve-
ment Company, .Parrott building.
AGENTS — Oriental hones for barbers, sur-
R«ins, mechanics, etc.; can make ?2o week-
ly. Room 90, Columbian bldg, 4-6 p. m.
EXCLUSIVE territory to bright, energetic
women; liberal offer. Euclid Medical Co.,
114 Euclid ave.. Cleveland, O.
PERFUMES, cosmetics, flavoring powders.
PACIWC AGENTS SUPPLY CO., 1220 Treat
ave.. San Francisco.
$75 MONTH and expenses; no experience; per-
manent; self- seller. PEASE MFG CO., box
109. Cincinnati, O.
WANTED-^Honest agents with references;
money to be made. Box 495(1, Call.
LADY AGENTS — Send stamp for fast s«ller.
Western Syndicate, 706 Powell st.
WANTED — Ledy agents. 2794 Twenty-fourth
street.
:j
A SNAP In White touring ear; White Stan-
hope; Pierce. Stanhope and Orient buck-
board. White Garage, 1S78 Market st.
RAMBLER automobile for sale for $500; flrst-
class condition: tools, lamps, etc. Box 3478
Call office.' ~
KNOX. good condition, $675; Holley runabout,
carries two, $375. JOE HOLLE, Twentieth
and Folsom.'
WILL exchange lot In Frultvale for a motor-
ctte. Room 30, 921 Broadway, Oakland.
1904 CALIFORNIA motor cycle; run only 500
miles; a bargain. Box 4931, Call office.
CHEAP — Second-hand two-seat 8 ti. i p. steam
tsurrcy automobile. Apply 143 Phelan bids.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
pottage paid.
Z.ODOnfQ-HO'PS-3 ~O~> SAI_e— Coa.
MARION GRIFFIN,
408 Hearst bldg.. over Examiner .entrance-.
Cor. Third and Market sts. TeL Black 3C07.
Rooming-houses and hotels for sai*.
20 ROOMS; well furnished: centrally located-
$100 month profit; price $1300. IX. Grtffla.
40 ROOMS; 3 blocks from Market St.; guaran-
teed to clear $150 month; must bo sold at
once; price $2250; long lease; $110 per month
MARION GiUFFIN.
86 ROOMS; well furnished; must b» sold thu
week at great sacrifice); r.i> reasonable offer
refused: part caah; Is now clearing over $^rfr)
per month; this 13 bena fide; don't misa It.
Particulars MARION GRIFFEN.
120 ROOMS; new building; all modem con-
veniences; located In heart of city; reduced
from $20,000 to $13,500; If you want a profit-
able Investment get particulars at once from
MARION GRIFFIN.
| 20 ROOMS; new house; new ar.d substantially
furnished; must be sold In three days and
! goes for $1400; lease. MARION GKIFFLV.
14 ROOMS; corner house; near TTnlon So/oare;
well furnished; $1400. M. GRIFFIN.
34 ROOMS; fashionable district on Sutter: $1BO
\ net profit monthly; $0000. M. GRIFFIN.
; SS ROOMS; well and substantially furnished;
fine location; grill attached; very profitable
and a fina home; price $4000; half cash.
MARION GRIFFIN.
17 ROOMS; cost $2500; on account of immedi-
ate departure: will sell to-day for $1100.
Get particulars from my agent. XL Griffin.
13 ROOM3; good Mrr.itur«; prtca $400.
11 rooms; clean and nice; price $400.
10 rooms: Post st. ; fln« fur: prica $800.
14 rooms; extra good; V% cash; prtc« $350.
Get details from MARION GRIFKIN.
70 ROOMS; a new and beautiful house ; be.v.i-
tlfully and substantially furnished; every
room occupied by steady tenants; Ions leas*
at very moderate rental; this is an oppor-
I tunity seldom offered. For location and full
j particulars see MARION GRIFFIN, room
; 406 Examiner bids'.. San Franci3co» Cal.
H. C. DECKER Established In 1S7T
008 MARKET ST.. COR. STOCKTON.
HEADQUARTERS FOR ROOMING HOUSES.
11 rooms; Mason: new furniture... I SCO
60 rooms: Market «t. ; only 2.500
8 rooms; McAllister St.; flat 43O
31 rooms; to trade fcr small house 2.5UO
25 rooms; Sixth and Market; rent $100.. 1,500
15 rooms; EUla st.; now furniture POO
6 rooms; rent $10; a nice llttl» horaa.. 200
45 rooms; boarding-house; fine corner.. 2,'00
38 rooms: downtown: reduced to 1,100
0 rooms; fine piano; on Sutter st..... 400
17 rooms; on Fourth St.; a barg-la.... 1.2CO
35 rooms; on Market st 8,000
40 rooms; reduced from $3500 to...... 2.2CO
15 rooms: clears $1CO 1.250
Houses, large and small, from $50 to... 20,000
I Flat. S rooms and bath eOO
11 rooms; good piano; on Sutter st...... 400
! 18 rooms; fine corner 600
I 24 r$oms; transient 2,300
I 7 rooms; modern flat; rent $33........ 450
| 10 rooms: Geary St.; sunny «!da: only.. 500
TWENTY HOUSES TO EXCHANGE.
I H. C. DECKER, 906 Market st.. cor. Stockton.
! C. E. HINKLET. PHONE MINT 798.
1020 Market ct. Orr>. Fifth »t.
| CLEAR TITLES GUARANTEED.
FORMER patrons my best references.
1 60 rooms, transient, speculation..... . ...$1SOO
i MO rooms, near Market St.. enly 90O
; 85 rooms, low rent, long lease............ S50O
I 22 rooms, north of Market st. snap 700
! Easy terms at HINKLEY' 3.
I 18 rooms. Geary St., 4 unfurnished W0
| 5-room modern flat, rent $23 100
! TO BUY, BELL OR EXCTTANGE.
I Don't forget HINKLEY, the Reliable Agent.
! 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth st.
j A BEAUTIFULLY LOCATED ROOMINO
I HOUSE OF 14 ROOMS; ALL FULL OF PER-
MANENT ROOMEP.3 AT GOOD PRICES.
, PAYS $30 TO $75 PER MONTH CLEAR.
HOUSE MODERN RESIDENCE STYLE,
! WITH FINE LAWNS. FLOWERS. ETC.;
; RENT ONLY $00 PER MONTH; LEASE IF
' DESIP.ED.
; $3250—
A VERY CENTRALLY LOCATED 33-
1 ROOM HOUSE: PAYS $1SO CLEAR; LEASE.
HOWE.
: "Upstairs." 03-i Broadway, Oakland.
j RESPECTABLE r-ximlns-house of 13 rooms-
j rent $C5; price $550. 11DA Fifth st.
• A WEEK'S news for 3 cents — The We?k!y Call.
'¦ 16 paxes. In wrapper, formatting. $1 per year.
! I.OPGIKG-H0USE3 -WANTED
WANTED — To buy a lodging-house on monthly
payments; 20 rooms or more; furniture of 5-
room cottag<! to trad- for th-« same. Address
box 4901, CaU office. Oakland. Cal.
WANTED — Before Sept. 1. unfur. house. 12 to
18 rooms; clean, good order; respectable
neighborhd.; good rentlnff local. Box 33', CaM.
Bad tenants ejected fcr $4; collections made:
city or country. Pacific Collection Co., 415
Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. Mala US0.
CLEANING AND DTEXSrO:.
1000 SUITS to clean and press llk» new. R.
CANTUA. 609 Hayes ¦_
CARPET BEATXZrO A2TD CX-_A_7X5rO.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process unH
versally used for cleaning carpets on floor
without removal; carpats and rugs are also
cleaned by compressed air at shop; priced
moderate. S. F. Compressed Air Cleaning
Co., 30S Market ¦_; phones Main 152 and
Bush 479.
WHEN ynu become dlsrusted, with your woric
s-end for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing works, 355-357 Tchama st. Tel. South 40.
CLEANING 3c yard: furniture moved, packed
shipped. GISSLOW. 603 Larkin st ; phon*
East 745.
MITCHELL'S, 210 Fourteenth st.— First-class
carpet cleaning 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaninj Works. 1809 Har-
rison st.: Al clcaninz: 3c. Tel. Mission 225.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet Beating Work*.
333 Golden Gate ave. Telephone East 126.
HCPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beatlrsr: mat-
tresses rnada over. 1432 Howard ;tel. South 218.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOai & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; price*
reasunable. 17O."5 Harrison st. : tel. Mission 263
A WEEK'S news for 5 eents^ — Tha Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year \
COTTAGES TO UT.
TO let — Furnished cottage; 4 rooms; respect-
able couple without children only. . 22<»
Buena Vista st., near Courtland ave.. o£t
Mission: cheap.
NICE cottage. 4 large sunny rooms, l&rga base,
ment, gas. yard; rent $13. 2C31 Greenwich
!«t., near Pierce.
COTTAGE, up-to-date, to let; cheap rent: 5 r.
and b. 34 Bronta st. near Cortland av».
CUMBERLAND. 95, cor. Dolores — lively sun-
ny cottase. 6 rooms and bath; $22 50.
4-ROOM cottages, furnished cr unfurnished,
from $15 up. 14S3 48th ave., Oceaa Boul.
WANTED — Cottage. 4 or 5 rooms. VXITH.
718 Grove st.
COTTAGES W AKTXI>— S'PBTr--BAIT.
WANTED — To rent furnished cottage or hous<»
In the country, for the month of September
nr will exchange houses for the month. Ad-
dress A. II. C. 2727 Filbert St.. S. F.
DSESSMAK-ES AND SSAHSTEESSES.
WE MUST DO IT!
We have one of the largest electric power
factories on the coast, employing finest de-
signers and white skilled operators money
can hire, making the finest ladies' suUa.
gowns and evening dresse3 for th» whole-
saler. Trade with them is dull and It's work
for the people direct or close factory. W*
are not going to close factory, so say brl;i?r
your own material to us and we will maka
your dress at prices that are the lowest ever
quoted in California. No dressmaker on
earth can beat our styles and you put dol-
lars In your pocket. Call, investigate, brinsr
this ad, and see what It does. American
Garment Mfg. Co.. U29 Mission St.. nr. 11th.
McDOWELL DRESSMAKING and MILLIN-
ERY SCHOOL always in the lead, because
we have the best system of dresscuttlng. give
the best course In millinery on the cnast ami
have the latest Imported patterns. Poettiona
;, furnished. Best references. Any pattern cut
i to measure. 1019 Market st.. above Sixth.
PARISIAN dress cutting system, a European
Invention: absolutely perfect; a child can
learn it: pupils make dresses; terms eaay;
high-class dressmaking done. Sll Leaven-
worth st.
ACADEMY Dressmaking, 42S Sutter; only
school that teaches cutting, fitting, making
systematically.
McDOWELL Dressmaklns & Millinery Schoo!—
Patterns cut to measure; eve. c!.ia*;10t3 Mkt.
Accordion, sunburst and knife -plaiting. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
BUBirasSB CHANCES— Oontin-*-.
A— CAMERON & CO.- Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy St.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
FOR sale — Well furnished 5-room ark, moored
one hour's ride from city; fine chanc« for
summer outing; also for winter shooting and
fishing; completely furnished and equipped
for housekeeping; automatic generators for
making own gas; toilet; closets; everything
strictly new and modern; accommodate 12
people over night; perfect little home; owner
obliged to go East: make offer. CAMERON
& CO.. 3 Eddy st.
For sale or trade — Quartz mine; fins prospect;
located In Cal.; assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for rmg.-hs 1 . or business. CAMERON, 3 Eddy.
WANTED — To exchange income property in'
Alameda for stock of merchandise in San
Francisco. CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy.
EXCHANGES made in all kinds of real estate,
rooming houses and busin«es chances. CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — Wholesale and retail manufactory
lor making all kinds of toilet articles, such
as face creams, tuoth powders, shampooing
liquids, cold creams, toilet waters, perfumes,
etc.; established 4 years; will bear strictest
Investigation; above goods In daily use and
must be had; guarantee handsome profits;
must sacrifice on account of sickness; price
$500. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR salo— 'Well equlDced millinery store;'
beautiful irhowcasts, counters and store fix-
tures; clean Mock of goods; doing good busi-
ness; fine location: fittings cost more than
price agked; big snap at $10lX>; sickness
CAMERON A CO.
For sale — Grocery, creamery, hay, feed, also
barley mill plant; best interior city in Cali-
fornia: over 4<X><» population; B>ld as whole
or separately, fine proposition; has the but-
ter business of the town; extensive Interests
•-iRewheie only reason for selling; books open
for Inspection. Kor particulars, see CAM-
ERON & CO., .*! Eddy. ,
WANTED— 500 PEOPLE to help organize the
largest co-operative candy manufacturing
plant in the country: dealers In every town
can become Interested; $1 per share; money
to be refunded on 30 days' notice: no risk;
good salary given to good men; no trlflers
or tricksters need write or apoly; $1000 th?
limit to any one j>erson. Apply to KELLER
CANDY CO.. 477-475 Seventh St., Oakland.
Cal.. Branch San Francisco.
RESTAURANT and 20 rooms; fully furnished;
hot and cold water; gas and electric lights;
clearing $200 a month; will be sacrificed;
only $400 cash required; or will let restaurant
to responsible i>arty, fully equipped; cr will
exchan_~ for ranch near Tulare City, »:U'-
irr or taking- difference; price $1200. Box
| 4574, Call office.
' HARNESS store; been established for 27 yeare;
located In the business center of Oakland;
has a fine Jobbing business; cheap rent; price
$2000; investigate thl« bargain; best of rea-
son* for selling. MITCHENER & BARTON,
010 Broadway, Oakland.
'¦ $4000— WHOLESALE and retail coal and wood
| business In most prosperous interior city, or
I will take partner for $2000; horses, wagons
i and all improvements; owner there for years;
: large trade. Oakland R. E. Agency, 11CS
i Webster St., cor. 12th, Oakland.
A — I WANT to sell my grocery and corner
liquor store to man of Judgment; no lobster
or tenderfoot of penny protlts need apply;
price *2lX>0; havj_you the coin? Otherwise
don't bother; blefiProflts. 703 Polk. nr. Eddy.
ACTIVE, energetic business man with good
reference, by investing $1000 with services
i can buy un interest in a profitable buslne— s
which will stand closest Investigation; trlflers
don't reply. Address box 4760. Call office.
$2000— PARTNER in family liquor store and
salcon; best location across the bay; pres-
ent owner there for years: will bear thor-
ouKh Investigation. Oakland R. E. Agency,
11C8 Webster St., cor. 12th, Oakland.
MANUFACTURER with large stock of ex-
clusive non-competitive goo\1s requires $.3000
to r:arket (wholesale and Job) with active
participation of Investor; profits large. Princi-
pals address box 40»;6, Call office.
BRANCH bakery and grocery at a sacrifice;
5 living rooms, furr.lHhed; rent $12; good lo-
cation; owner In other business and must
sell; price $325. MITCHENER & BARTON,
010 Broadway, Oakland.
GENTLEMAN with business experience to In-
vest $2000 In established manufacturing busl-
nens with good line of customers; incorporate I
and enlarge; may take active part. 101, Call. ;
JOB office wanted — Would like to purchase a !
falr-tilzed. good-paying Job office in a grow- ,
Ing city of California. Address Job Printer, j
g 20.10 Market St., Oakland. \
. |
AA — WILL you invest $10C0 to make $3000 to |
$r>C0O yearly in a bona fide business that will :
Htand the strictest Investigation? Address box
1318, Call office, Oakland. j
WANTED — Partner In grocery store in city, |
close to San Francisco; good trade and stock;
will give the rlxht man a bargain. Address
box 4802. Call office.
SALOON and property for sale at El V«rano, !
Sonoma County. Cal.: pood business location; j
oppoelte postofflce. Inquire of F. WEAVER j
for further particulars.
A — $200: BRANCH bakery, notions, candles
and Ice cream parlor; located on busy cor- i
ner; opposite large school; 3 nice living
rooms. See Brookbank, Norton Co., 017 Mkt.
EVERY $1 invested In our company will make
$10 and bring life Income. Send for particu-
lars. J. P. LAWRENCE, 112 Michigan St.,
Chicago.
I WILL send free book telling how to make
$1 earn $10: larger amounts In proportion.
J. F. LAWRENCE. 112 Michigan St.. Chi-
cago.
SAI/3ON— Paying $300 month; $2300; must sell
this month; best reasons; closest investlga- '
tlon. Box 1332, Call office, Oakland.
WANTED — Energetic person with little cap- i
Ital to take half Interest in office business '
with good prospects. Address box 1587, IOCS I
Market et. i
A DELICATESSEN store and dlnlngr-room. {
with steady boarders; living rooms with fur- I
nlture; nice fcr a family. Call at 410 i»th. !
$1400 WILL buy a good paying, well estab-
lished business if taken' at once. Further '
particulars, address box 4, Call office.
FOR sale^ — Delicatessen, with dining room; 3 j
living rooms; conducted by present owner 5 i
years. 407 H Van Nesn ave. i
A— $300; PARTNER wanted; $15 to $33 a week.
Particulars at 47 Geary st., room 5.
FOR rent — Furnished hotel In San Miguel, S.
' L. O. Co. Inquire W. V., 520 Lyon st.
FOR SALE^ — Restaurant close to transfer cor- j
ner and car house. Box 3191, Call office.
FOR sale — Valuable Interest In an Industrial ;
enterprise; Investigate. Box 405S, Call. ;
WANTED— Cigar stand. Address box 4603, !
Call office. :
$125 — CIGAR stand; must sell to-day; sickness
cause. Call 24 Seventh st.
FOR sale — Good-paying millinery busineas. F.
E. BOLLES, Lcs Gatos.
$125 SECURES an Interest In an established
business. Room 25. . 1014 Broadway. Oakland.
$950 BUYS bakery and delicacy: fixtures, stock
and eupplles; $25 a day trade; clears $150
per month over all expenses: nothing like It
for sale in the city. 2174 Mission st.
$4000 — GENTS' furnishing, stationery and no-
tion store; 5 years' lease; transfer corner;
established 10 years: cash trade; clean stock;
a bargain. Address Owner, box 21S1, Call.
$500 — A BARGAIN; express and transfer busi-
neoe; gocd teams; good office; splendid pay-
Ing business; best reasons for selling. 6
Eddy St., room 81.
FOR sale— A half Interest In good manufactur-
ing business; a cutter preferred. Box issi.
Call office. i . .
1 $3250 CASH — Candy and Icecream parlor, near
city: fitted artistic: last year's clear profits
$.1U00; yearly cash receipts $10,000; an hon-
<nt proz-osttlon for an honest buyer; no oth-
ers need a:>t>ly. Will teach you business If
. desired. Box 45S1, Call office.
FOR ' sale — First-class ice-cream and candy
store on Market st.: centrally located; to be
sold at once; no agents. Address box 4310
/Call office.
PARTNER, honest and sober, with $4000 to
act as cashier and attend to correspondence
In optical business; annual cash sales $1S 000 1
to $20,000. Address box 4354, Call office.
WANTED — An auctioneer for the Jewelry line-
will pay 10 per cent of the gross receipts.
'Apply -1185 Market st.
$100 — CIGAR stand; unexcelled location; sac-
1 ; rifles to-day; other business necessitates. 73
Fourth ct. '
WHOLESALE liquor store; city of 12,000; a
bargain If sold at once; Inquiries cheerfully
answered. Eureka Invest. Co., Eureka. Cal.
CIGAR store, must be cold; old established;
cheap rent; lease. Box 1324, Call office,
Oakland.
GROCERY and liquor store for sale at invoice
price. Box 4176. Call office.
CIGAR stand and billiard hall; good location.
Box 4004. Call. ¦
WANTED — A branch bakery, candy and notion
1 etore; state price. Box , 43C9, Call. '
OAKLAND ADVERTWTSJ
QAJ__-L«-> SEAL ESTATE.
DESIRABLE houst, 12 rooms, close in; perfect
condition; fine investment) rented $50 per i
month; big bargain if sold at once. C. 8. !
WESTON. 1302 Webtter st., Oakland.
HOUeE; 8 rooms; fine condition; near Narrow
Gauge station; bargain. Address F. W.. 1302
Webster St., Oakland.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
OAKLAND TUB.M-TU'-UB TOB 2 ALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains in furnl-
ture. H. echelhaaa,llth st..cor.store.Oakland.
OAKLAND rtTBITIS-C-P BOOMS.
FOR RENT — In private family, sunny fur-
nished room; gas, bath, running water;
near two car lines; references. Apnly 1221
Adeline st.. Oakland.
Two nicely furnished rooms; gents playing !
chess preferred. 724 Sixteenth st.. Oakland, i
CHEAPEST and best In America— Th» Weekly j
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in th«
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid. . •
OA-_-ABn> HOUSES TO LET.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., furniture !
movers; free map. 1016 Brcadway, Oakland.
MILL VALLEY ADV'KT'S'M'TS !
i
KILL VALLEY SEAL ESTATE. !
RAIN OR SHINE,
GOOD WEATHER OR BAD.
Never mind if It is cold, foggy or windy In i
i the city; go to Mill Valley; you will find it
, charming there. You don't realize that so
great a. difference can be possible in so short
a ride. Take Sausalito ferry and new electrio
cars to Mill Valley. We have an o.'fics there.
Our land is right at the station. Great large •
lots with good views; some are beautifully
wooded. Price $400 upward. Terms. 10 per
cent cash, balance ?10 monthly. N«W tasty
homes are springing up rapidly. You can't
buy the lot for anywhere near the price in tha ,
city and get Into a desirable location sur- •
rounded by good neighbors; it takes no longh-
and costs no more to to to Mill Valley; no
over to-day and see fcr yourself. Send for .
maps. etc. LYON & HOAG, |
110 Montgomery st. ,
NEW, well-built 5-room house ar.d baeement:
lot 40x125; HU00. 4 2-rcJm cottages in n.<1-
woods, completely furnisheil; lot 20x150;
$2000; pave 20 per cent: s minutes from sta-
tion. Ar'ply W DE COURCEY. oi>4 Mont- .
fc&mery nt.. or I'.edwood Rest, Cascade drive, i
Mill Valley. j
CKEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly .
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the j
United States or Cam»<1a one year for SI. j
' |
San Francisco Advertisings, j
CHTJXtCH SERVICES. |
FIRST Presbyterian Church. Van Ness ave.
and Sacramento ft.. Rev. William Kirk !
Guthrie pastor — Services at 11 a. m. and j
7:45 p. m. The pastor will preach at both .
services. Sabbath School, i):4it a. m. Chris- j
flan Endeavor, 0:30 p. .m. Wednesday, S
p. m., midweek service. All are cordially
invited.
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, corner Jack- 1
son and Fillmore ets. — Rev. John Hemphlll,
D. D., pastor. Morning service at 11 o'clock; '
ee/mon topic. "The Necessity and Use of
Tribulation." Evening service at 7:45; ser- '
mon topic, "The All Conquering Christ."
The paster will preach at both services. !
¦ Sabbath -school at !>:30 a. m. Christian En-
deavor meeting at 6:30 p. in. Prayer meet- :
ing Wednesday evening at S o'clock. All
ere cordially invited.
WESTMINSTER Prtsbytcrlan Church, corner
Webster and Page sts.— Rev. Herbert E.
Hays, pastor. Morning service at 11 o'clock.
Sermon by Herbert E. Hays. Theme, "A .
Tremendous Obligation." Evening bervlce at !
7:45. Sermon by Herbert E. Hays. Theme. I
••The Glory of God in the Face of Jesus
Christ." Sunday school at 9:45 a. m. Chris-
tian Endeavor. 0:45. Prayer meeting every :
Wednesday evening. Paster's residence, 5t9
Waller st.
TRINITY Presbyterian Church, corner Twenty.
third and Capp sts. — Rev. Edward K. Strong,
pastor. Services at 11 a. m. and 4:45 p. m.
Subject of evening sermon. "Miracles In the
Light of Present Day Knowledge." Bible
school at 12:30 p. m. Endeavor Society at :
6:45 p. m. Strangers welcome to all serv- ¦
Ices. J
SIMPSON Memorial M. E. Church, corner of \
Have* and Buchanan sts. — The pastor, Rev. j
John Stephens, will preach at 11 a. m. on
"The Great Conviction." The evening ser-
mon will be the fourth in the series on "The
Great Choices of Life." Sunday-school at
12:30 p. m., C. B. Perkins superintendent.
Epwcrth League at (i:45 p. in. Junior
League at the name hour. (
CENTENARY Methodist Church, Bush st.. be- j
twecn Goueh and Octavla — Rufus E. Nunn, I
pastor. Services 11 a. m. and )s p. m. Dr. ¦
J. A. Wailes of Panta Rosa will preach at
both services. Revival services every niRht |
throughout the week. Everybody cordially J
Invited. |
CENTRAL M. E. Church. Mission et., between '
Sixth and Seventh — The pastor. Dr. George
W. Whit", will preach at the morning ser-
Vice. Sunday-school at 12:15. Rolla V. Watt
superintendent. At the evening service W.
R. Newell of the Moody Institute, Chicago,
will speak. He is a very interesting and In- '
spiring speaker, and has spoken to great ;
crowds in Chicago, St. Louis and other Eaht- ¦
rrn cities. Mr. Newell will also speak briefly i
at the young people's meeting at 6:15. The !
public are cordially Invited to hear him.
GRACE Church. California St., corner of Stock-
too — Rev. David J. Evans, rector. Celebra- '
tlon of holy communion. S a. m. : morning
service, 11 o'clock. Te Deum in D (Evans);
Jubilate in D (Holden); offertory, motet, ,
"O Lord God of Our Salvation" (Ernest I
Ford). Full cathedral service, i7:43 p. m.; !
service in D (Martin). The serfnon at both !
Services will be by the rector. and |
choirmaster, William H. Holt.
TRINITY Church. Eush and Gough ets.. Rev. i
Frederick W. dampen, D. . D., rector — Holy i
communion, 7::!u a. m. Sunday School. 9:30 j
a. m. Morning service, 11 a. m. Evening i
service, 8 r>. m. The rector will preach at I
both services. You are heartily invited. j
¦ i
UNITARIAN Church (First). SW. corner of \
Geary and Franklin sts. — Rev. Bradford i
Leavitt. minister. Junior church and Sun- i
day school are at 10 o'clock. Rev. Bradford |
Leavitt and Charles, A. Murdock. sup«rin- ]
tendents. Punriay service is at 11 o'clock,
subject, "The First Duty of Man." There |
Is no evening service. Rev. Mr. Leavitt will
preach. Music by quartet, under direction !
of H. Bretherkk, organist; all are cor-
dUlly invited.
! UNITARIAN Church (Second) corner Twen- J
j tleth and Capp sts. (Take Mission or Va- '
lencia st. car.) The Rev. Jay William Hud- i
] son. ministar; residence, f>«(0 Capp st. Tne
Sunday School n-.etts at 9:45 o'clock. At the |
morning service, at 11 o'clock, the Rev.
Jay William Hudson will preach; subject.
"Battle Grounds of Character." Music by i
orchestra and choir, under the direction of
; Mr. Jabi.sh Oment. All cordially Invited ;
j No evening service.
j FIRST Congregational Church, corner Post '
and Mason sts. — Rev. George C. Adams, i
1 D.D.. pastor, will preach at both services, j
At 11 a. m.. topic, "The Wells of leaae." ¦
; At 7:45 p. m., topic. "My Kingdom Is Not '
. of This World." All are cordlally'lnvited.
; FIRST Baptist Church. 320 Eddy St.— Preach-
Ing at 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m. by Profesecr |
Milt-jn G. Evans of Crozier Theological Sem- ¦
Inary. Bible-school, 12:3O p. m.; Christian •¦
Endeavor, 6:30 p. m.: prayer meeting !
i Wednesday, 7:45 p. m. All cordially Invited '
; Seats free.
I ' ___ |
J FIFkST Church of Christ, Scientist. Central i
block. 223 Sutter «t.. bet. Kearny and Grant
ave.— Christian Science service at 11 a. m. : '
subject of lesson -sermon. "Christ Jesus." I
j Bunday sc v ool for children at the same
: hour; Wednesday evenlne meeting at 8 I
o'clock: free r«adlng-room, 2&0 Kearny st.,
| roomr 009-510; all ere ¦welcome.
I DIVINE) services will be /««>i«H«/ «-;«_
held on Rosh Hashana _J 'V I Ml
and Yon Kippur by Can- ' ' |
tor Goldstein In Scottish Hall. 107 Larkin
st. Tickets will be sold every Sunday at
the hall and by the cantor, 520 Fulton st.
A UNION mass-meeting of all the city
churches, open to both men and women, will '
be held at the Young Men's Christian As-
sociation Auditorium, Mason and E'.lls stF.,
this Sunday afternoon at 3 o'clock. Mr.
Galen M. Fisher of Japan will speak: Kub-
Ject. "Is Japan a Yellow Peril or a Yellow"
Blessing?" All seats in the hall will be
free to the public. Mr. Fiaher will illus-
trate his address with' a few selected Ian-
tern slides.
-tZSETINGS— THEOSOPHICA-..
THEOSOPHICAL Society. Academy of Sciences
bldg.. public lecture, 8 p. m., by Thomas
Prime; subject. "Reincarnation." •
FIRE philosophy; $3 initiation; occult study.
Address, with references, box 4712. Call.
ADOPTION.
GIRL baby wanted for -adootion; ideal homo.
MATERNITY VILLA, 1410 8th St.. Alameda.
OAKLAND ADVERT'S'-TTS
OAIL-g- KEAX ESTATE.
•BIG VALUES FOR LONG-HEADED BUYERS
. Offered from the Office of
HARRY L. HOLCOMB,
314 Ean Pablo Ave., Oakland, Cal.
j t^fOO— Hoc* and income combined; few min-
utes sou i_ of Telegraph .ave. and Fortieth
„ ft.. Key Route, cottage and 2-story dwell-
ing, both rented. Must be sold.
J35oo— Very artistic 2-story, 6 rooms; on ter-
raced 40-foot lot, facing boulevard street. In
eelect neighborhood; 85 minutes to Ean Fran-
cisco via celebrated Key Route. $33CK> If
$000 cash, balance 6 per cent flat. Can ront
tor $25 per month.
$.000— Beautlful v 2-story new home, with every
domestic comfort; large terraced lot, with
lawn; near Key Route; between Telegraph
ave. and Grove st. This Is an extra offering.
$4500 — Without doubt, the finest 7-room home,
beautifully situated on the heights; in per-
fect order: neighborhood and character of
improvements the best; short walk from Key
Route— Piedmont division terminius. I'd
recommend this home to my mother-in-law.*
Better see it. '
$5500— Cost over $7000— A very large and most
complete suburban homestead, NW. cor, 150x
150: large, high basement; colonial cottage;
o«rn gas plant, fireplaces, etc.; large hemey
porch for twoi, or many twos; beautiful
grounds; fine ornamental trees and 20 fruit
trees; fine small fruit and vegetable garden:
10,000-gallon tank, mill, electric motor; sell
water; now nets S per cent on cost; can
greatly increase income; fine pigeon and hen
houses and I don't know "what not"; all
rtrlctly modern, day's labor construction.
This widow must sell.
$4500 — Maybe less; an owner going to bay a
ranch right away; its a made-to-order home,
with a grand view, near cars, 100x200 pretty
colonial hc»me grounds, very highly Improv-
ed, Including bearing fruit trees; a great
children's home, dear parents. Your price
may take the place.
AND MANY MORE. YES, LOTS. TOO.
P. S.— COSTS TOO MUCH TO ADVERTISE*
BUT THE BEST OF OFFERINGS. BET-
TER SEE ME.
HARRY L. HOLCOMB, 814 Ean Pablos ave.
E. J. STEWART & CO..
1008 BROADWAY, OAKLAND.
$750— Just like finding it; a lot 50x150 on
37th et.; close to Key Route; only a short
distance from Grove-st. cars; miss this
tr.d you lose money.
o $3300 — Swell cottage of 6 rooms; block and a
half from Key Route station in Pouth
Berkeley: from $300 to $5u0 down, balance
like real; perfectly elegant.
$2500 for swell cottage of 5 rooms and all
modern conveniences: Just completed;
eur.ny exposures and elevated lot; a snap
and sure to »lease.
$4000 — A corner. 75-foct frontage, with large,
well -constructed building in fine condi-
tion: lower part rents for store, upper
Fart for Cats: the building covers 25 feet
frontare, leaving valuable vacant lot;
rent will pay about 14 per cent on ask-
ing price; centrally located.
E. J. STEWART & CO..
1008 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
TVATCH THIS PROPERTY— A BARGAIN.
On August let I had 6old every piece of
property In my hands for «ale except a house
and lot on the comer of Telegraph ave. and '
69th Ft., in Oakland. Cal.: house. 2 story, I
with 9 rooms; lot. 135 feet on Telegraph ave.,
by 100 feet en 69th «.. extending back to
Buehrod Park; this park belongs to the city
and will be improved next summer and double
the value of this property; there is a large
open space on the Telegraph ave. side which '
will always remain open; if the lots ¦are I
. made to front on this open space they are j
worth all the whole property can be bought I
for: sickness ar.d old age compel the owner •
to sell at once fcr the best price he can. get.
• Bee the owner on the premises, or !
IRA C. JENKS.
1200 Broadway, Oakland. Cal.
BEAUTIFTTL BOULEVARD TRACT.
THE CHOICEST RESIDENCE PROPERTY
TN OAKLAND. OVERLOOKING LAKE ,
MERR1TT. SEVERAL VERY DESIRABLE ;
LOTS LEFT. SEVERAL ELEGANT RESI- '
DENCES ALREADY COMPLETED AND;
MORE IN THE COURSE OF COMPLETION
AJfD TO BE BUILT AT ONCE. CIDJTAPEST ¦
LAND. CONSIDERING LOCATION. CLASS i
of- HOI.TES, trrc., in thb city, -key !
ROUTE" SERVICE DIRPXrT TO SAN FRAN- !
CISCO AFTER JULY 1. IF YOU ARE GOING j
TO BUY A SITE FOR A HOME DON'T FAIL '
TO INVESTIGATE THIS PROPERTY. FOR j
FULL PARTICULARS SEE
J. H. MACDONALD & CO.,
1CS2 nrtOADWAY,
OAKLAND.
9 —f
$750 cash. $14 75 monthly; neat cottage; 4
roomr; nice cK>eet and pantry, bath, etc.;
barn, chicken-houses, chicken runs; young ;
orchard cr.d flowers: 10 lots, all fenced, 125x i
25«j; Al soil: fine well of soft water; away |
from cold winds and fog; adjoining Haft j
Oakland-; near electric car line and 00-foot |
bculevatd: porA neighbors, surroundings;
price la nil *1S>UO. Cail or eend for circular.
• 455 Seventh st.. opp. Kroadv.ay station. Oak-
land; carriajre free. H. Z JONES, owner.
WANTED — Immediately for epot cash, a mod-
ern cottage or l 1^ story of 6 rooms, etc..
Tenth to Thirtieth sts. Filbert st.' to the
lake, or possibly. If we!! located, in East I
Copland or Linda Vista Terrace and vicin- I
K>-; will pay $:..'.'«"> cash. Addres* THE AL- I
DEN CO.. 1233 Broadway, Phone James 2166.
$2000 — 8ix-roora ccttage, near Clinton station;
large lot; ea— • terms.
$2700 — Modern, wrll-built 6-room house near I
Key route, off Telegraph ave.
$1700 — Nice r>-room cittase; Thirty-ninth St.,
near Telegraph ave.
V. F. PORTER,
406 Eighth et., Oakland.
To buy or sell property convenient to Key
route Btations, see RICHARD J. MONTGOM-
ERY. Iteal Ermte Dealer. "Key Route Sta-
tion." l-'ortieth st. and Telegraph ave.. Cen-
tral' Oakland.
, .
BU-LNEO property on Telegraph ave.: lot
200x135; modern bulldinr: fine income: big
bargain; owner coing East. OAKLAND R.
E. and BUSINESS AGENCY, 1108 Webster
et.. ccr. Twelfth. Oakland.
*175Q — HOUSE and lot center of Oakland; five
rooms and Jmth. OAKLAND R. E and
BUSINESS AGENCY. 110S Webster St.. ccr. j
Twelfth. Oakland.
MUST BE SOLD.
$2750 — New modern C-room bungalow; lot 37:6x I
120; In choice neighborhood: only 5 min- <
utes' walk to Key Route depot; reduced
tor qufck sale.
HUGH M. CAMERON.
105S Broadway. ,
$4250 — New 7-room. 2-story hours on Fifth
avenue: well built and nicely finished
Inside and out: choice lot. 50x125 feef
close to East Oakland Key route; cash
• cfter wanted. B. H. WKLCH & CO.,
Fifth ave. and Eighteenth St.. Oakland.
$3fKK>— 6-ROOM house and barn; corner 11th
ave. and 23d St., East Oakland.
$1SOO — Cottage adjoining above; must be
sold to close estate. Make offer to DR. F.
G. BAIRD, Administrator. 502 Sutter st..S.F!
To buy or sell property convenient to Key
route station*. »ee RICHARD J. MONTGOM-
ERY. Real Eatate Dealer. "Key Route Sta-
tion," Fortieth st. and Telegraph ave.. Cen-
tral Oakland.
$3500— Large 9-rocm house In good order on
••?.;¦ Thirteenth art.; close to school and
churches: 2 car lines. B. H. WELCH
& CO.. Fifth ave. and Eighteenth St.,
Oakland. .
$15 A MONTH— Cottage of C rooms; nearly
new; 65th et.. Oakland: small cash deposit-
a barjrain. Owner 875 87th St., Oakland; at
home Sunday.
MODERN hou*e of 8 large rooms and recep-
tion hall; handsomely decorated: cement
Uwmeat. furnace, etc; lot 40x100: lawn
flower*, etc; owner leaving city; see him
4»i Thirty-third St.. Oakland.
ENAP. "
S2CS0 will buy 2 flats In rood location, near
Kcy rf.ute; half cash, balance on mortgage -
rents $27 per month. P. C. LAS SEN & CO .
it, i, Tenth, st.. Oakland.
MONEY to loan on Oakland and Alaraeda real-
ty. A. F. 6T. SURE. Attorney. Call Wdg.
FOR sale — Beautiful home, famished or un-
furnished; six large rooms, besides elegant
bathroom, recestlon hall, laundry, pantry;
bam.- chic—en yards; fruits, flowers; beauti-
ful lawn; electric Ilcht, eras; lot 48x150;
owner leaving. 477 Thirty-fourth St.. Oak-
land.
8-ROOM residence, line condition, near narrow
ru»f station, for sale at a bargain. OWNER,
1302 Webster Bt.. Oakland.
OAKLAND residence: 2-»tory; corner lot;
$0000. J. A.. 411 Jones St.. San Francisco.
BKRKELET-OAKLAND property, rural homes'
or ranches. Address S75 37th st., Oakland.THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 21, 1901.
43
S-tPI.O'g— INT WASTE D — ftl— »— Con.
MAN wants to wcrk In drug store. 868 Capp
street.
GROCERY clerk wants position: speaks Ger*
man. Box 41S3. Call.
BOY wanta position where there is chance for
-dvwrement. JOS. FRIEDMAN, ti_t* Wash-
ington st.
MAN wants work in bakery. CUAS. COHEN.
2118 Bush st.
STRONO man wants any kind of work. SSI
Bo-ant st.
ENGINEER, ocean chief engineer's license:
all-round machinist. Address J. B. Mel..
CS7 Harriscn «., San Francisco.
WANTED*- Position by experienced assistant
• bookkeeper; best cf references. Inquire 313
Natoma st.
GROCERY clerk seeks position. Box 4178.
Call.
MAN want- work as tailor. 293S Sixteenth
street.
STENOGRAPHER wants —-or™ evenings; very
accurate. Box 4397. Call.
POSITION wanted as bootblack. Box 4130.
Call.
POSITION wanted as barber In good shep.
89 Third st.
YOUNG man wishes* situation in store. 123
Taylor «t.
PORTER or general utility man wishes pcii-
tlon of any description. G. W. DAY. 500
Bush st.
A BARTENDER wishes night Job; by letter
only. G. R. N.. 190 Hickory ave.
STOCKHOLM tar pyrollgneous acid wood dis-
tilling, skilled manufacturer, wants position
to ocerate factory; would to north; best
references. STOCKHOLM, box 3«_2. Call.
A WRAPPER want- a position. Box,' 1175.
Call office.
BOY. 13 years old. wishes position as errand
boy. Phone Sutter 1>15.
YOUNG man would like a position a- plumber.
Box 41S1, Call offlce.
PORTER wants situation. 616 ElMs.
YOUNG l-arber with 6 months' experience
wants job to finish the trade. Ad ire jt J.
SEWDORFES. 76 Harriet st.
"WANTED — Position as shoe clerk. Address
1219 Oak St.. Alameda.
A BOY wants a position as office boy. Box
41S5. Call. -
POSITION wanted as doctor's boy. Address
box 41S7. Call.
A TEAMSTER wants steady work. 247
Clara st.
WANTEt* — Situation as barber; steady work.
579 Mission st.
WOULD like ccsitlcn as butcher boy. Box
41S9. Call.
THOROUGHLY first-class bookkeeper and
efflen man: are SD years; under $2000 bond:
Al references; oiwn for engagement August
20. Box 4346. Call offlce.
SITUATION as a presser. 840 Mission st.
AN experienced salesman wants position la
wholesale house. Box 4055, Call.
CIGAR man wishes position; references. Box
4C57. CalK
MAN wishes a Job as bartender. Box 4058.
Call offlce.
A BOY wants a position aa errand boy. Box
4059. Call.
YOUNG man wants 4 or 5 hours' work a day:
will take work of any kind. Box 4060. Call.
A NEAT young man wanta a position In
wholesale house as stock clerk or for offlce
work; can furnish references. Box 4001. C— 11.
WOULD like rosition as elevator boy. P. J.
FLANNIGAN, 41 Vi Folsora 3t.
WANTED — Position to travel for a well es-
tablished wholesale house; experience llmit-
ed. Address box 4520. Call offlce.
MIDDLE-AGED man wishes position to do
chores around house; light work. Address
box 4519. Call offlce.
A BOY 14 years old wishes a steady Job drtv-
ins a wagon. 313S Pierce st.
POSITION as timekeeper in mine. Address
box 4345. Call office.
POSITION as collector, 3 hours a day. Bo_
4301. Call office.
! BOY 14 years old wishes a steady Job. 737
Howard st.. room 46.
"WANTED— Situation by old barber. Apply
249 Stevenson st.
SITUATION' as a cook. 1 Lexington a-«.
MAN wants position as bookkeeper. 237
Twelfth st. *
LADIES" tailor wants a position. 1313 How-
ard st.
WANTED — Position as a clerk. Address Call
offlce.
MAN wants position as night watchman;
steady position more object than wajtj.
15C9 California st.
BARBER want* short-hour Job. Box 4053,
Call offlce.
POSITION wanted as collector; sober, reliabls
man; reference given. J. J., box 4054. Call
offlce.
EXPERIENCED barkeeper wishes position.
Address box 4190 Call office.
YOUNG man wants position running aa ele-
vator. 342 Austin ave.
YOUNG man wishes a position as bartender.
Box 404«. Call offlce.
WANTED — Work as dishwasher. Apply at 950
Natoma street. C. JOHNSON.
WANTED — Work as cook. Apply at 023 How-
ard st. MAX DEMOW.
BOY wants Job in wholesale house; has rood
referencts. U20 Sixth st.
POSITION wanted as collector for an lnstall-
| ment house. Box 4C23, Call office.
BOY ct 12 wishes a place to wcrk after school.
G. JOHNSON. lt£3 Eddy St.
WAITER wants work; city or country. Ap-
ply 15 Third st.
YOUNG man would like position; grocery or
bar. Box 4626. Call office.
COMPETENT hardware and lumber salesman
wishes a position; city or country. Box
4'J2.-.. Call office.
PLUMBER wants job. 51% Natoma street.
TRAVELER wants position; excellent -refer-
ences. Box 46CO, Call offlce.
ENGRAVER, wants steady work; city pre-
ferred. Box 45WJ. Call offlce.
CIGAR clerk wants position. Eox 4507, Call
office.
SITUATION wanted by rarM experienced
stenographer. Box 43'JO, Ca:l offlce.
, TAILOR wants pob. 22 Stockton st.
WANTED — Position as window dresser Ifl first-
class general store; references. Box 4505,
Call otrk*.
WANTED — A position in a hat store. Box
4594. Call offlce.
.
j SHOEMAKER wants Job. 1906 Sutter street.
' YOUNG man wishes position as a clerk in gro-
cery; city or country; can give references.
Box 4593. Call offlce.
POSITION wnnted «a _ porter by a young man.
Box 4590. Call office.
DRAUGHTSMAN would like additional work
for evenings, either mechanical or patent
office drawings. Eox 4C55, Call office.
POSITION as offlce boy In law of-ce. Box
4631. Call office. /
SITUATION wanted by bey la office. Box
45»;6. . Call office^
FIRST-CLASS pantsmaker wants « pair a
week. Box 4560. Call office.
A STRONG ycunc man wishes a position as
porter. Bcx 4631. Call offlce.
GERMAN, single, middle-a.ed. wishes a situa-
tion as clerk or manager in groceries or bar:
"it- or country; first-class references. Box
457*0. Call office.
EXPERIENCED birtender wants a place; city
'reference. -OX 4554, Call offlce.
WANT EP A position as night watchman. Box
45SC. Call office.
pf«iT!O\' by experienced man driving deliverjc
wagon.' B- EDWARD. 231 Laguna at.
WASTED — A ix^sition as errand boy. Apply
box 4.V^^ C-U oftic*.
WANTED — Work as a bartender. Apply at
03? Kearay st. HARRY MULLER.
For Additional Classified Advertbo-
ments S*e Page Forty-Four,,
liMPiiOYMiiarr WAgrnsp— re— *i»--Con
'¦ A YOUNG girt wishes to work at housework.
332 Shipley et-
BOOKKEEPER, cashier, typist; young lady:
expert accountant; all modern systems; high-
est references; last position 5 years. Eox
4230, Call offlce. ,. ;-'-.;'. j
POSITION, Invalid's nurse, companion or
housekeeper. 1162 Washington •_. room 22,
Oakland. .
COMPETENT cook wishes position: willing to
do downstairs work; city references; no
cards. 348 Fifth st. " I
EXPERIENCED tailoress wlshe« position to |
work on coats. Call or address 36 Moss St., j
oft Howard, between Sixth and Seventh sts.
A YOUNG lady wants a position to do general
offlce work: references given. Address box
15S6. 1008 Market st.
LADY clarinetist and cornet player wants po-
sition In ladles* orchestra or band. Box 28.
Call office.
DRESSMAKER, tailor, coat* and suits. even-
Ing gowns; only first-class work guaranteed:
good cutter and fitter; engagements by the
day. MISS BARSS. Sherman House, 28 8th.
LADY pianist wishes permanent position; 'good
references. Box 24, Call office.
"WOULD like to care for a baby from birth, or
1 or 2 children; terms reasonable. 317 First,
SWEDISH woman, work by day or month,
washing, cleaning or nursing. 27 Lisbon St..
near Silver ave.. on Mission road.
WANTED — A position In a notion store. Box
4860, Call offlce.
WANTED — A position In millinery store. Box
4659. Call office.
AN educated, refined lady wishes position as
housekeeper, managing or working, city or
country. Box 4395, Call.
YOUNG lady wants position as companion to
lady; understands music; used to entertain-
ing: had experience In traveling. Box 4371.
Call offlce.
A WOMAN with 10 years' experience will call
at your home and give massage. MRS. JOHN-
SON. Phone Folgom 3274.
EXPERIENCED young- lady stenographer,
with references, want* position. Address
Box 4374, Call offlce.
POSITION as housekeeper by lady of refine-
ment and experlenoe. Box 4360. Call office
JAPANESE wonian. young: and neat, wishes
position In a family for general housework.
KONDO. 321 Powell st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch offlce, cor. Duncan and Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister «_
E-tPI.O"-_-!irT WAHTTEP — MAI—.
POSITION wanted— Head Janitor. Box 4521,
Call office.
YOUNG man wants situation as porter. Box
4344. Call office.
STRONG boy wants Job in machine shop. Box
1132. Call offlce.
WANTED — Light employment of any kind.
Apply ROBT. CHRISTIE, 30 Post st.
"WOULD like position as proof reader. ED
O'DONNELL. 211 Stevenson st.
A NEAT young man wanta a position In a
wholesale or retail house as stock clerk. Box
4514. Call offlce.
MACHINIST wishes position in city or coun-
try. Box 4513, Call offlce.
BOY wants position In store. Box 450S. Call
of flee.
I MAN and wife want hotel work In country as
! barkeeper and housekeeper or chambermaid;
: references. Address box 45C5. Call office.
j MIDDLE-AGED German man would like
work, with chance of advancement. 13 Third
street.
BOY wanta position as cash boy. Box 4506,
; Call offlce.
BOY wants position In offlce. Apply box 4504.
Call offlce. -
WOULD like work as porter In saloon. ED
LINTON. 15 Third st.
A YOUNG man, honest, wishes work; Is a
barber- 89 Third st.
PORTER wants position la barber shop. 504
Vallejo st. ¦
I WANTED — A position as barkeeper for Sun-
I day. M. FLYN. 36 Fourth st.
! GERMAN would like work of any kind. A.
• HOFFMAN. 13 Third ct.
WANTED— Situation as a barber. Address
box 4510. Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED, competent man wants place
I as Janitor. Address box 4511. Call offlce.
POSITION wanted by responsible man as col-
lector. Address box 4512. Call office.
WANTED — Situation as foreman of newspa-
! per. ROBERT ESPY, 211 Stevenson _t.
POSITION as assistant engineer. Box 1122,
I Call offlce.
, POSITION as stenographer. Box 4€20. Call.
: WOULD like work as porter. Apply OTTO
j WITT, 15 Third st.
j YOUNG man wishes position In wholesale
> house, with chance to advance. Address
I EARLE SCHAD. C45 Washington st.
' WANTED — A position as errand boy. Box
i 1G17. Call offlce.
j WANTED — Position as porter. Apply J. F.
! HARRIS, 744 Howard st.
' BOY would like to learn plumber's trade.
WILLIE CONNOLLY. 2C0 Natoma st.
SITUATION wanted by middle-aged man;
strictly sober: can make himself generally
useful. Box 4C23. CalL
WOULD like work as hostler. Apply GEORGE
. HAYES. 716 Green st.
YOUNG man wishes work in wholesale house.
Address CHARLES CLAUSEN, CO Prosper.
OLD man wishes light work. 609 Folsom st.
BOY wants to carry papers. Box 4190. Call.^
YOUNG man 27. would like position on a '
small ranch. Box 4ins. Call.
, BOY wants job in a wholesale house; has
focd references. 57 Harriet st.
WANTED — Position es salesman. Apply
ROBERT CHRISTIE. 30 Post st.
WOULD like work as porter. FRANK
, HEJF'ERS. 633 Mission st.
, WANTED — A position at any kind of me-
I ehanlcal work. Box 4047, Call.
BOY wants Job In machine shop. Box 4614,
Call office.
' WRAPPER wants position; references. Box !
1172. Call offlce. |
OFFICK boy wants position. Box 4618, Call
, office.
WANTED — A position as wrapper. Box 4617,
i Call offlce.
! 1
SITUATION as a tailor. 1909 Mission st.
SITUATION as handy man on milk ransh. Bcx j
4C21. Call offlce. /
SALESMAN wishes position ia picture store.
Address box 4179, Call offlce.
GOOD barber wants Job in open shop. Address
• bcx 404S. Call nfflce.
"PORTER wants Job. 211 Stevenson st.
THE greatest window cleaning of the 20th
century. 140S MIscion at , near Tenth C.
OLSON.
MAN wants to work in plumbing chop. 127
Valencia st.
' A NON-UNION man wishes position as car-
! penter where there Is a chance to learn the
k trade. Box 4050, Call office.
j WANTED — Situation as nurse; private or ln-
¦ etitutlon. Apply 2»D Stevenson st.
j WANTED— Situation as barkscper. Apply 243
; Stevenson st.
' COATMAKER wants work. Address O., 123
i Howard st. -
. EXPERIENCED German waiter wishes situa-
tion. Address box 4C51, Call offlce.
j WANTED — Job as gardener on palms or ferns.
j Apply Gardener, 249 Stevenson st.
MAN wants to work as porter. 10 Wetmore
place. ;
POSITION as bookkeeper. Box 4104, Call of-
flce.
ALL round job printer wants sit.: competent
to take charge of offlce. Box 4197, Call.
POSITION aa foreman on ranch. Box HOC,
Call office.
POSITION as bookkeeper for mine. Box 4195
CalK
BOY wants position after school. Address 23
Lar.gton st.
A FIRST-CLASS general machinist and enirl-
* neer wants steady position, city or country
Address box 420O. Call. *'
BOY wants a position as offlce boy. Box 41S2~
Call.
YOUNG man wants to work as packer la
ktoro. 14S Hermann st.
-JMFIiO -TM^NT WAIT-ED — Pintle— Ooa
WANTED — Situation by a competent middle-
aged New England woman as cook. Call
or address Cook at basement door, 331
O'Farreli st., city; triflers need not apply.!
WANTED— Work by day; $1 25 day. carfare.
120 South Park. .
CHILD'S nurse, by a competent young woman;
good sewer; reference. Box 4992. Call.
A YOUNG lady wishes a position aa hair-
dresser. 10 Hyde st.
WANTED— Position as saleslady. 905 Webster.
DRESSMAKER would like position. 1124
Howard st.
WOMAN wishes situation by the day for
washing. 724 Vallejo st.
}j AD Y wants position to learn tailoring. Box
-4953, Call offlce.
DRESSMAKER wants work by the day. Box
4036, Call office.
WOMAN wishes laundry work by the day.
1024 Howard st.
TAILORESS wishes work on coats. Box 4907,
Call office.
FIRST-CLASS cook wishes situation. 420
Madrid St.
A WOMAN wants work washing, ironing or
cleaning. 25(i Persia ave.
COMPETENT would like housework In
American family; good plain cook; best of
references; state wages. Box 4035, Call.
SITUATION as forelady in candy store. Box
4774. Call offlce.
FIRST-CLASS chambermaid wishes position
in hotel or ' lodging-house; references ex-
changed. Box 480S, Call office.
YOUNG woman w»nt« housework by the day.
Address Box 47S7. Call office.
WANTED — By young lady of experience, posi-
tion as saleslady in stationery cr notion store.
Address Miss G., 1533 Dolores tt.
A GIRL wishes to take care of a baby a few
hours a day. Apply to 30S Kearny st.
WOMAN wishes work by the day. 617 Gough
street.
YOUNG lady typewriter, High School gradu-
ate, wishes office work. Apply Miss I_, care
A. Gunton, 535 Central ave., Alameda.
YOUNG lady stenographer, with experience,
would like position. Address Box 4903, Call.
COLORED woman wishes general housework
and plain cooking. Apply 16 Lewis st.
A FIRST-CLASS cook wishes a situation In a
private family: with rood reference. Box
47S3. Call offlce.
WOULD like a few hours' work In the morn-
lng. Box 4S05. Call offlce.
WANTED — By woman, sewing of any kind
by the- day. MISS HIGGINS. 1037 Market
Bt. Telphone Howard 2954.
SCANDINAVIAN woman wants work by the
day. 515 Bryant at.
EXPERIENCED stenographer desires perma-
nent position. Box 4S66, Call office.
PLAIN sewlnK. C2 Silver st.
POSITION as forelady In candy store. Box 12,
Call office.
WANTEC* — Position as cashier; bonds or ref-
erences; 6 years' experience. Box 54, Call.
A WOMAN wants work by the day; washing,
ironing or housecleanlng; $1 25 a day and
carcare. Box 29. Call offlce.
AN American girl wishes place as nurse. Box
4777, Call offlce.
A COMPETENT, elderly woman wishes a sltu-
atioi.; housework; American family; good
reftrence. 1024 Howard st.
A LADY wishes position as housekeeper. Box
31, Call offlce.
WOMAN wishes light housework by day. MRS.
K. K.. box 13, Call offlce.
AMERICAN woman wishes situation to do
cooking in the country In private family or
on small ranch; wages $25. Box 35, Call.
GIRL wlches situation at housework. 6S5
Flllmore st.
FASHIONABLE dressmaker, lately from Eu-
rope; rates reasonable. &2S Howard st.
GERMAN woman wants place aa nurse. Ad-
dres* box 4SS4. Call offlce.
WANTED— Job In laundry; fl 25 day. 1424
Howard St.. or box 63, Call office.
TO do general housework. Call 2504 Howard
street.
RELIABLE German girl wants housework In
small family; wages f25. Box 61, Call.
TRIMMER wants situation. 2515^ Sacra-
mento et.
A YOUNG lady wishes position as stenog-
rapher. Call" or address 625 Post st.
BITUATION wanted as maid; can cut and fit,
or chamberwork and sewing; assist with
child; wages $25 to $30; country preferred;
best references; Protestant. Box 132, Call.
A WOMAN wishes to go out do washing by
the day. 443 Minna st.
2 HOUSE WORKING girls want situations. Cap-
ital Employment Office, 112 Turk st.
POSITION to do chamber work. 520 Third st
COMPETENT woman to do housework; is a
good cook; good references. 9^ Wetmore pi.
off Powell, near Clay.
TRIMMER wants position. Call at 132 Jessie
street.
GIRL wishes to do light sewing. 89% Oak
Grove ave.
I _
i WOMAN, expsrienced hotel cook, or will do
: dome other work in hotel. Address J K
246 Third st. • -¦
ATTRACTIVE young lady desires position In
candy store; previous experience. Box 8, Call.
SITUATION wanted by middle-aged woman;
good cock and housekeeper; short distance in
country preferred. 1100 Powell st.
j GIRL wants situation; housework. 1210 Hyde
: street.
j AN e-Merly woman wished rosition to take
1 care of baby. 430 Natcma st.
WANTED— By first-class Feamstress, to take
family sewir.c home; children's dress made
from 26c un. Box 4910. Call offlce.
! LADY wishes plain sewlr.jt. MRS. L., 844
J Howard, st.
j PAINTER wants work. Box 4020, Call.
j JOB wanted as apprentice in a millinery store.
Box 4'.C*J. Call office.
I GOOD coo- wants situation; American and
i French cookine; references. Box 49_3. Call.
: DilI£BS._— altered In the latest style;/ perfect
j fit guaranteed: $1 CO day. Address box
j 4'Cn, Cftil office. .
I WANTED- -Position us chambermaid in coun-
try hotel. Address MISS A. BULGER, Gi5
j Mission st s
i 1 —
i SWEDISH wonian wants work by the dav or
month: warhinK, house-.-leunlng or nursing.
1 Address) 27 Lisbon ave, near Silver ave, on
i . MlMlonyroatl. ( ,
• PRIVATE flretsniaker, for families cr second
' sewing; will do work by day. Box 49, Call.
i POSITION In confectionery store: references
' if required. 01S Post bt.
WANTED — Position os lady's companion; good
; reference's it required. Call 013 Post st.
! LAUNDREHS or cleaner, first class, wishes
i work by the day; wages $1 60. Phone
Blu- 1D50.
• FIRST-CLASS laundress wants work by the
i day; many years' exDeriem-e In ironing- $2
; per day. pj.ll aftrr 0 at ;i Cailp sti
A YOUNG lady -.vould like to read aloud to in-
: valid Of others, or act as ainenuensis. Ad-
: dress Reader, 1702 Uevlsadero st.
j GKRMAN woman" wants plain sewing. 1CS
j Clara st.
I YOU'NG German woman wants to do house-
j cleaning:; $1 day. Address MRS. V.. 9 Ritch.
I St., off Folsom, between Third and Fourth,
in rear, top floor.
WAXTED — By lady, position as companion;
can speak French. Box 4SS-, Call offlce.
A COMPETENT 'cook and laundress desires a
position; Good reference. Box 4S7D, Call.
I WANTED — Position as waitress in restaurant.
Call at S15 Mission st. O. H. -
I POSITION wanted as apprentice to tailor. Ad-
I 'jre«! A. M. WHITE. Call offlce.
GOOD dressmaker wants work by the day.
6 Address 534 Vi Jessie st.
L-RESSMAKER. experienced, wishes a few
more engagements by the day; terms reason-
able. Box 4910. Call office.-
WANTED — By a competent woman, waiting
anil assist m cooking Sundays and holidays.
Address A. G.. 717 Post at.
WAIST hand wants a situation. Box 4917.
Call offlce.
EMPIiOYBIEITT WAMT-D- Female—Con
POSITION aa housekeeper In hotel or lodglng-
houBe. Box 4S15. Call office.
WANTED — Position by young lady as house-
keeper for hotel: Eastern references. Box
4C-JU, CaK office.
COMPETENT hcuivkeei>or, 10 years' experi-
ence, btst of reference)*, desires position. Box
4U4S. Call office.
SITUATION to do light housework. SI Fed-
eral st.
DRESSMAKER wants work. 145 Hyde Bt.
WOMAN wants work by the day. Call 0»4
Salmon et.. oft Pacific, near Taylor.
A RESPECTABLE woman wishes work of
any kind by the day. Box 4646, Call offlce.
YOUNG girl wants position as nurse girl. Box
4645. Call office.
GIRL wants situation as housekeeper. 1203
Lyon et.
A YOUNG lady wiphes a position in private
family for housework. Box 4H40. Call offlce.
WANTED — Position as saleslady in cloak and
suit house. Address J. L. T.. 202 Grove st.
AN educated, refined lady wishes position as
housekeeper, managing or working; city or
country. Box 4S37. Call offlce.
RESPECTABLE middle-aged lady wishes to
take charge of a home; children no ob-
jection. Address box 4334, Call offlce.
AN apprentice to learn tailoring. Box 4743,
Call office.
LADY would ilke to work by the day. 673
Minna st.
EXPERIENCED woman wants position as
baby'a nurse, mending or second work; sleep
home; references. Address Nurse, box 4557,
Call offlce.
COLORED lady wants to do washing and iron,
ing at home. MRS. McGEE. 1 Reglle place,
near Pierce and .Greenwich sts.
WOMAN wants washing by the day. Box
4S40, Call offlce.
PLAIN sewing done at 1633 Fulton it.
LADY would like sowing at home or will go
out by day. 832 Turk st. ; basement.
MIDDLE-AGED woman to assist in housework
and take care of children. 10 Wetmore
place, near Powell st.
PROOFREADER— Experienced also In editing
and clerical work; hours. 0 to 5. Address
I Phone Fell 4P.71.
CAPABLE colored woman wants a position as
cook in boardinjr-house or private family.
•Box 4S46, Call office.
A COMPETENT housekeeper desires position;
reliable, cheerful, painstaking; moderate
wages; references. Box 4695, Call offlce.
WANTED— Position as managing housekeeper
by a lady of refinement and experience, or
would take charge of first-class apartment or
rooming house; references exchanged. Box
467M, Call office.
A GERMAN woman wishes work by the day,
wasliing or housecleaning. Apply 1433 Fif-
teenth avenue south, city.
RELIABLE woman wants position for general
housework and cooklmc; city or country. 10
Whitmore place, oft Washington st.
WANTED — A position as nurse or companion
to a lady. 1031 Howard St., S. F.
EXPKP.IICNCED glove fitter wants position.
Box 4609, Call offlce.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes work by the
day, ?1 50 day. 1 Address box 4747, Call.
MOTHER and daughter wish a position to-
gether. Address box 474S. Call offlce.
FIRST-CLASS parlor maid and waitress; 3
years' city references. Box 4752, Call offlce
YOUNG girl wishes position as saleslady. Ad-
dress 1212 Broderick st.
A YOUNG lady wishes position as hair dresser.
31S Van Ness ave.
EXPERT laundress wishes Monday, Tuesday,
j Wed. work. L. M., 248^ Harriet st.; steady.
POSITION as companion to Invalid lady. Ad-
dress box 4773. Call offlce.
WANTED — To do plan sewing. 012 Florida
street.
A WOMAN wishes to go out by the day wash-
ing or cleaning. 27 Rltcb st.
COOK — First-class cook desires position; best
of references. Box 4G60, Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED saleslady In gloves wishes
position. Box 4668. Call offlce.
A WOMAN wishes situation aa chambermaid
a few hours a day. Please send a postal
card to 221'/3 Tehama St., near Third.
EXPERIENCED waitress wants to wait at
private dinners, lunches and parties. Box
4ti70. Call offlce.
' WANTED — Position as saleslady. Box 4S0O.
Call office. *
COMPETENT cook, some wash: obliging; first-
class references: car fare. Box 467S, Call.
LAUNDRESS wishes work by the day, ?1 25
per day. 510 Minna st.
1 A LADY wishes housework. 315 '£ Jessie
street.
WOMAN wants work of any kind for a few
hours each day. Call 3SS Fifth st.
A POSITION as housekeeper wanted by a re-
liable women. Address box 40C2, Call offlce.
LADY wtints position as companion to lady i
going East. Address 313 Golden Gate ave. j
REFINED woman, with a daughter, would Hka j
position aa housekeeper in a hotel or re- 1
fined family; Is a first-class seamstress; city
or country. Box 4S5S, Call.
POSITION as maker In milMnery store. Box
4S5!>. Call offlce.
WANTED — A position as cook In private fam-
ily. Box -»<i(;2. Call office.
A FIRKT-CLASS cook desires a position in a I
private family; city references; wnges from i
$'M up; carfare. Box 45S5, Call office. j
SITUATION wanted as plain sewer. Box !
4004. Call offlce.
»
SITUATION wanted as stamper. Box 4D03, '
Call offlce. •
WAITER wants pjace in family. Address 13 '
Geary Ft. \ j
LADY wnnts posHlcn; senpral housework.
I MRS. DEUTCH. 620 Minna st.
A WOMAN wantE plain sewing a few hours ¦
i daily. I'.ox 4VS:J. Call office.
j DRESSMAKER wants sewlner by the day or '
at home: plain tawing and work Included.
Address 2 Perinc place, off Steiner tt.
A GOOD cook and housework sir! d?3lres situ- '
atio.i; wages $25. Box 47C"», CaJl orfice.
A WOMAN winta n plncp In o private family;
Is a good cook. !><;•'> Howard st. ;
A POSITION wonted as housekeeper Box
4005, Call office. * ;
A RELIABLE, mlddle-npert woman wishes '
general work; small family; plain cook; city
or short distance outside; $15. Box 40(17
Call offlce. '
COLLEGE graduate wants work as proof-
reader or reviser. Address box 43CS, Call.
WANTED— Situation as a waitress" In hctel,
city or country. I!ox 4IKX), Call offlc*.
I A LADY %vishe» a position as a housskecner '
Apply at 23 Webster st.
COMPETENT assistant bookkeeper wants po-
sition. Bux 41176, Cal loffice.
GIRL wants a position at housawork. 721 Ful-
tcn st.
A WOMAN capable cf dqing housework of any
description. - SC4',i Howard st.
A REFINED woman, companion to lady trav-
eling; Catholic; wages no object. Box 409S,
Call office.
YOUNG woman would like work for afternoon;
hours 1 to U. Ca.ll t>-SV_ Folaom st., near 6th.
A YOUNG. slrl' wishes a situation at second
work or waiting; wages $25. Address box
4007. Call offlce.
DRESSMAKER and designer by the day all
kinds of suits. Box 101, Call office.
EXPERIENCED lady's nurse withes engage-
ment; best ' references; $10 per week. Call
474 Vs Tchama st.
A LADY wishes to take care of baby (K!5
Valleju Et. '
JWANTKD— 1'oslticn as bookkeeper. Call 1720
! Powell st. "
• ARTISTIC dressmaker would like engage-
1 ments by the day; $1 &o: dresses altered-
perfect fit guaranteed. Address box 4663
Call office. -
WANTED— Situation as dressmaker. 332 Turk
i st., room 12.
. v'Ktt ;.i».te— The Whalebone— Cannot break;
«a>r>med _v» yrs.; crown, $3 50; fillings 60c; J
•».«u*. *;.: f-j;i all work patnlens and j
»yrJun__->c_c«KO Dental Parlor*. 24 Sixth. ,
:»i.. I-II'LUM HILL. 1443 Mark*t.nr.Eleventh {
-No charge for e-tractinic when, plates are .
r_ei* ; o'.d r'-'.es made over like new teeth :
irons *S ;*r *et; extracting 50c; gas given.
n«..KNOX. dentist, now located aT~the~Grant I
buildir.jr. KM Market et.. room 203; all first-
class der;Urtry at lew prices.
GOLD C_n_TL 7.V; silver. 35c; crowns $2; no
B*P*ia ;_cp*a Sun _£__!_-_ Hewltt.204 Suttex
D3. R. _ WALPH has moved from 847 Geary
tt. to J^O Geary.
TAHIS KVr.tHl Parl-.-s. 233 Kearny. cor. Bush—
___ et !"4_ fl &> _^»'' crown».$2 up; _Uings,23o. |
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surpeon7dentist.r.l4.1st i
t_!_?_.f h _ el * n l^ 4 -. SOC Market, cor. OFarrell. j
ALL wcrk puaranterd by tS«> New York den- i
t:Ft>. Dr. Perkjnm, Mgr.. &O Mlssion.cor. Cth. |
spnsxruAiiisai^^^
DKAD-TRASTCE medium; r.ames. Vji-'jers.
miitinc: circles Tuesday. Thursday. &a«.ur-
"M". S P. n. ::25 Eliis St., front parloi.
?.?rs. Burr (formerly "Anthony") medium, life j
reader: 711 Harrison, nr. «d. !. -5c. g. ?«0c. \
MRS. ELSIE REYNOLPS' eeance for full |
fom-.g Sunday evening. f>Oc. _¦» Ellis st.
ORINDLE— Plirtopra: h medium; dally. 10 to 4 i
o'clock; developing classes. 22S Ellis st.
C. c V. |_t___*fi materializing seance to-day, !
jg*-» I', m.; $1. 1GS4 Hush; phone Larkin 413.1. j
« i
<:. MAYO PTKIinS. S.VS 17th et.; phone Capp :
S.'/O; readings by ro_Il. Jl.
DEAD trance medium: all kinds of business!
discussed; aUt-OSa daily. 0-5 E!lis et..
EARLE to-nisht; trar.d sfance. 10S2 Ellis
-street.
»:ng. J. J. WHITNEY, business medium and
° life reader. 12f«t Market «t.. Gait Houm.
. • . C_— J SVOYA-TTS.
THE FUTURE CAN BE TOLD.
PRQT. J. G. LEONARD PEERS THROUGH
•T2_; CURTAINED X_— IS AHEAD.
SOCIAL, BCEI.VESS AND DOMESTIC LIFE
REVEALED AS THOUGH SEEN
WITH TIIE NAKED EYE.
HE APPEAFJ5 nnFOF.E A NOTARY AND
MAKES AFFIDAVIT OF WHAT
' HJ_ WILL DO.
£U£e of California, City and County of San
Francisco^ 6*. :
I. PROFESSOR J. G. LEONARD, HERE-
BY AGREE TO PROMPTLY REFUND i
THE FEE PAID TO ME FOR PROFES- i
SlONAL SERVICES IF THE INFORMA-
TION AND ADVICE GIVEN ARE NOT !
ENTIRELY* SATISFACTORY. OR IF MY
PREDICTIONS FAIL TO COME TRUE
PROF. J. O. LEONARD. i
SUBSCRIBED AND SWORN TO BEFORE I
ME THIS l&TH DAY OF AUGUST. 1'jO4. i
• <SEAU) A J. HENRY
Notary Public.
of £an francisco, state of ca_
fcr 25 years his position as the '
master of psychic forces has '.
eekn l"ncka__e.nged.
Professor Leonard to-day has no American j
contemporary, and for that reason he occu- !
plea a unique position ia the business and j
>yr,,-iai world. e.T.i r.as had for his clients the '
rec .jrcized leaders in every walk of life, who
are pleased to give testimony as to his won- 1
derful powers and his unerring insight into !
rue«_ tbj_ have passei. or with equally un- I
trrinsr accurate- to faretell the future. ;
By his marvelous powers of clairvoyance '
i'r .iff-ir Leonard will Instantly locate the '
.-oridiiicr.s in jn ur lite which, are causing !
ar.i.!»;y or d«T_*, ar.d will
XXI V*E ADVICE ON
MATTERS OF BUSINESS.
DOUESTIC RELATIONS,
••OH HEALTH.
And remove ar.y conditions which cause un- ]
happiness or financial troubles, and 60 adjust '
_• conditions that happiness win be regained :
ar'J tortt?ri:i£ fortunes restored.
Of treat and incalculable value to those
who consult him is Professor Leonard's psychic
*irt. which enable* him to impart to others ;
it* ability fur themselves to control conditions |
zr.S the actions of ethers, an advantage tiiat ;
thc-»-e engaged in impending deals and nego- •
1. at: Da v::i be quick to appreciate.
PROF. LEONARDS
REMARKABLE SUCCESS
[a detecting by rsychic insight hidden causes '
. '. . i.stase makes it particularly tD the in- '
tesest <-l £!I who are afflicted and have been .
unable to lir.d relief to take advantage of his j
marvelous iowen.
PATRONS MUST BE SATISFIED.
PLEASE UNDERSTAND THAT I Gl'AR.
ANTES) SATISFACTION WHETHER
READINGS ARE GIVEN BY LETTER OR
IN PERSON. MY CONFIDENCE IN MY ;
PATRONS IS SUCH THAT I KNOW DE-
MAND FOR THE RETURN OF FEES ;
WOULD NOT HE MADE UNLESS I I
FAILED TO PERFORM THAT WHICH I
PROMISE. THEREFORE. IT WOULD BI3
AN INJUSTICE TO ME IF CLIENTS
EHOCLD NOT ADVISE ME IN CASE OP i
FAILURE TO GIVE CORRECT AND AC- '
CURATE READINGS. IT WILL BE MY '
PLEASURE AND DELIGHT TO RETURN '
MONEY WITHOUT QUESTION OR DELAY, j
Very Faithfully. 1
3. G. LEONARD. j
253 Geary «t.. bet. Stockton and Powell,
Room 36, San Francisco.
30 to b d_ily. Sunday 11 to 5.
AU Corresj>~dence Promptly Answered.
Cut T_i A_vertlsecie_t Out. as It Will Not j
Appear Again. ;
There are a» signs of any kind displayed :
outilflj, _-.y office. Can* to the above address.
All rea___* strictiy private.
FROM AX_ SECTIONS THEY COME TO
." WITNESS THE WONDERFUL. DEMON-
STRATION
OF THE NOTED LIVINGSTOXE.
READINGS. $L
Ee h_ taet every expectation, every adver-
tised promise.
. He Is acknowledged by all who consult him
as a true exponent of the occult science; fcr '
overcoming trouble, bad luck, ill health, busl- I
aese, lo^-e, family and financial worries; would !
It not b« a relief to know how you will suc-
ceed? to be relieved cf the matters that are
tr*r_lir.r you and of the echeme* of your ene-
r_e«, that you may meet with better success?
Then don't hesitate until too late.
Go at once to LIVINGSTONE.
Who is permanently located at
• «_S Eddy B_; lady attendant.
Everything strictly confidential.
Three separate reception parlors.
AA — CALL at one* and eaxe H.
My __;>_ $5 readings this week for SI.
PAUL DESTINE.
The KJrst Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
P— mist Ever in Ban Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly afrree and guarantee to
xnake no charge if I fail to tell your name, and I
what you want to know. I tell If husband, wife
cr b— eetheart Is true cr false, whom and whea
you wiil __rry; in fact. I will tell every hope,
fear or ambition better than you can tell your-
self. I will improve your condition so you will j
reach the greatest possible ttrength in mental
4_3 bodUr vigor, and luck that insures success '
in business, mining, speculation; I implant the j
controlling power in your nature eo you can j
f-scinate any one yon desire, win the one you I
}ov«. bring back your loved one. and cause
marriage with cn« cf choice. 10 l n. to 8
p. m.; closed €unday. S28 O'Farreli St., 226.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOCS i
. Clairvoyant and business medium, perma- \
r.ently located at 17 Third St., next Examiner
tlig. ; she reads your life correctly, gives an j
eccurate description of the past, reveals the I
r.resent happenings and portrays events to
occur ia the future; if you are la trouble, !
ctecor.tented cr not tatlEfieiJ with life, cr
h'ave domestic, iove or business troubles, con-
eu!t this great medium and you will be told
how to overcome them; valuable advice In
-II affairs of life; L'.'.c up: eatiEfactlon guar-
anteed; open Sundays. Tell Black 4~&.
A— Mln M. V.'ille, _0 Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
tal seer oad life readar. will tell you exactly
what you called fcr without asking a que.s-
" tier.; narres _lven; special. $1; hours 10 to 8.
i::SS ZEMDAR, young gifted clair. A palm.
I correctly treat your love affairs, domestic
troubles, bus. and financial success; names;
L.. &0c; G.. *1. 714 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.
1SMAR. Egyptian aeeress. The Vendome. 110*
. Market ct.. £an Francisco. Office hours — 10
a. ju. to 3 p. ra.; Fundays, 10 to 12; Wednes-
iay evening. 0 to t>. I'acne South 1141.
CI_6__SE, Egyptian seer, clairvoyant; has
- mysterious power; complete iife reading*;
guarantees desirable marriage: restores health
BOd gives controlling Influence. 1007H Market
Mrx.A.H.Krorer.Knr, palrnlst.clairvoyar.t. card
I ¦ -<lrr; when o;her» Jk:1 try »ne:gof>cl readings
".'•c. 721 I'ranklin.nr.G.G.av. Tel. Larkin 4207.
J — On tnd rre MMI". HOFFMAN, the wonder
. of the sge: know the truth. 1207 Market,
room 1 1.
JI"MME. RAVENNA reads Jif*; business ad- |
vice- name* cir-n; 2."«c un. ft Kills et. ' :
OVOC8T !a<3y pa!tr f >-t and car-T reader !n city;
ladie* 2T.f. C(n:e ."•<:c. l.'O'i Kearny. room 20. j
itMK. MAIU-iCAU. card reader; ladles. 25c; j
MMK. C LAVONIA. remarkable scientific,
palmlct _« ' clajnrojraat. r,;:2 Stevenson st. j
CX.AIRVO YAHTTS — Contained.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la. 25c.
gents oOc. 951 Mission st., r.r. Cth: opt-n Sun.
MISS WARD, clairvoyant, gives names, .lu.t-8.
facts; readings dally. 817 Market, room 10.
MRS. CLARK, wonderful palmist and card
reader; ladUs only. 421 Hyde st.
MRS. BAUMANN. tL- well-known fortum-
'e'.l-r. Is r.ow at :tl7 Ellis ft.
CI^TBXBTO jtENOVATI-TO.
6UITS cleaned and pressed. (1; scouring and
dyeing. Bon Marche. 40 Ellis st. room 14;
thone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
i\ SXJTJCATIOKAI..
A BIGGER schaol than ever. On June~l~we
moved to new fireproof building. 73S Mission
st.. between Third and Fourth; more space;
finer rooms; better light: finest in the West;
come and see. S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
E. R. AYRES. founder and manager Ayres
Business College for 14 year*, has returned to
take active management Combined course.
$5 a month; life scholarship, $50. Day and
evening. Bancroft bldg.. 72CJ Market st.
A— The LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for university, law and medical col-
leges; refs. President Jordan or a ny Stanford
professor; day, evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
A— THE Paul Gerson School of Acting gives
more performances and secures mere engage-
ments fcr students than all other Western
schools; fpecial pamraer course. 414 Mason.
MRS. PAULA ANGER.NMENDE, "c'Cnserva"-
tory Basel, Switzerland— Lot-sors ar.d daily
rractice at studio; »<5 ; er month. bCO Mc-
Allister st. .
A — CHICAGO BUSINESS COLLEGE.U35 Mar-
ket, guarantees positions to graduates: Pit-
man shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $S mo.
ENGINEERING— Civil, dec. mln.. mech.. sur-
vey, a.«*ay, cyanide: day. ev. ; e*t. 18 ( >t Van
der Nallien School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Halt.
BOOKKEEPING. Eng.. math , etc.; Aay and
eve.; Individual v Instr. 305 Larkin St., Prof.
T. A, Robinson, former prea. Pac. I>u». Col.
CLASSES In short *tory writing and Journalism
meet on Mon., Wed. and Thurs., 2 p. m.. 333
Phelan bldg.; terms very reasonable.
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Col.. 00_ Van Nfe*s
ave.: positions secured. R. H. Web?ter. Pre.«.
EHORTHAND taupht thor'ly by mali and pei-
conally. Miss M. G. Barrett, 302 Montg'my.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day end
PARTINGTON'S. 41*4 Pine st— Night class.
ISAAC Pitman Business College, 345 Halght:
individual inFtrue. ; all branches; day, eve.
YOUNG man desires th'jrou«h instruction lr.
arithmetic twice week; terms. Box 32, Call.
WESTERN Business Coll^C". 3107 Mkt.. com-
plete course, 6 mo. J30. eve. $4 mo. ; private.
KENT Law School; day and night. Send for
particulars. Mb Parrott building.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 925 Golden
Get* ave.. S. F. : 75-page catalog on request.
saeapZiOYMj^zrr^ offices.
A — JAPANESE ar.d' Chinese employment offlce
supplies best help promptly; city or country.
E. IMURA. 839 Sacramento. Tel. James 6261.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese-
Chinese help. 42tf Powe',1 gt. ; tel Main 5752.
WE furnish bookkeepers clerks, stenographers
general help. "NATIONAL." 500 Hearst bid.
JAPANESE-Chinese Emp. Offlce. 415 Ptockton~r
best help. Fritz Tamagaki.mgr. ;tel. Bush 85a.
RELIABLE Japanese-Cninese Employment Of-
nce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S8.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. »U0 Clay.
JgDPLOYMEST WASTE- — F-MALE.
HOUSEWORK wanted by day. T., box 451S,
Call office.
NTRSEGIRL would like rlaee with nice fam-
ily. T, box 4D17. Call office.
GERMAN lady wants work by day. M box
4510. Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED woman wanta sewing to do
at horr.'?. Call dS Natoma st. first floor.
A STRONG woman wishes a position in a
bath-house; experienced. Box 4573, Call.
GIRL wishes to-do housework. Apply 20
Madison ave.
YOUNG girl wants work as nursegirl. Address
€70 Bryant tt.
SEAMSTRESS wants work by the day: chil-
dren's dresses a specialty. Call 92S Folsom
st, near Fifth.
COMPETENT nurse wishes engagements; con-
finement?, invalids; cheerful, palnstaking;ref-
ere nces ; moderate terms. Mrs. King,1159 Turk.
Al HAIRDRESSINO, manicuring, shampoo-
ing. ecaiD treatment and face mass-ce done
EMPIiOYMBNT WANTED — Female— Con {
MOTHER and daughter wish work In ons ,
Vlare. Address box 4355. Call office. ¦
{tVRSPGLRd wants situation In private fam-
ily. 78 Ninth st. ,
POSITION wanted as cloak and suit sal»s- i
lady. lUOu O'Furrell *t.
CHILDREN'S and misses' fchool dresses by ]
the day or at home; reasonable prices and j
good work. . 27B Pearl st., beiween Valen-
cia. Market ani^ Thirteenth. '
SCOTCH girl wishes position as second girl.
Address 318 Fourteenth st.
HOUSEWORK Rlrl wishes a position; wages
130. Apply 4o8 Fourteenth et.
WILL f.ll limited number of orders for ex-
clusive designs in Battenberg. Box 4045,
Call offi.-e.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants work by the
day. $L50 day. Address box 45S7, Call.
MOTHER and daughter wish situations to-
gether in hotel. Addresa box 4631), Call.
BY a flr«t-class second girl with 3*6 years'
city r*fen r.res. Address box -102S, Call. ;
WANTED— A position for fine pantry. Apply
K.6 Clinton park, off Valencia st.,. between
Thirteenth and Fourteenth. ;
WANTED— A few hours' work daily. 356
Clin'on park off Valencia St.. between
Thirtfcnt'ii and Fourteenth.
FIRST-CliASS cook wants situation: American
cookinr. Call 1309 Larkin ft.
YOI'NG lady cashier wishes a position. 774
HlevertFon (>t. " .
YOUNG lady w»s>hes a as asrlstant
cashier. 1421 San Bruno ave.
STENOGRAPHER wants position. Box 4592,
C.ill office.
STENOGRAPHER; typewriter, desires nice.
I'prmannil position; office work: references;
?il per week. Pox 4. r )S'J, Call office. |
— — i
SITUATION as a tailoress. 540 Mission et.
SITUATION as a tailoress. 1909 Mission st
BY first-class second Kirl; best city references.
1024 Howard it ,
FIRST- CLAPS house«;lrl best of references.
Box 45CS. Call office.
WANTED — By respectable woman, few half
days' washing, cleaning. Please call or
addresa 3275 Harrison st.
YOUNG girl wishes a position in a stationery
store. Box 4550, Call office.
GIRL wants situation; housework. 907 How-
ard st.
NURSEGIRL wants situation. 14 Leroy
place.
LADY wishes work by the day. CaJl 2131
Bush st.
GOOD woman wants work by the day, wash-
ing. Box 4533. Call office.
WANTED — Situation as second girl. Box 4528
Call offlce.
ELDERLY lady will take care children even-
ings, etc. Box 4564. Call offlce.
WOMAN wants a place to assist in house-
work during the day. 145 Twelfth et., room 7.
GIKL wants situation, housework. 211 Min-
na et.
MIDDLE-AGED woman would like situation
as housekeeper, city or country. Apply 451
Natoma st.
WOMAN would like to do housecleanlng by
the day. 1416 Ellis st.
LADY would like a situation as nurse. 1912
Turk st.
WOMAN wants work by the day. 1054 How.
ard st.
YOUNG lady wishes position as saleslady. 919
Howard st.
SEAMSTRESS wants position, by the day. Ad-
dress 504 Leavenworth St. f
WOMAN, middle-aged, wishes position as
housekeeper. Apply box 4738, Call offlce. ,
A MIDDLE-AGED German lady desires house-
cleaning by the day. Call at 150'J California.
YOUNG lady wants work in store. 600 De-
visadt.ro bt.
MIDDLE-AGED widow. German, good cook,
wishes position in small family, city % or
country; will do light washing; carfare;
wages moderate. 422V4 Tehama St., rear.
ELDERLY lady wishes position as house-
keeper; city or country. 13t$ Fifth et, be-
1\i*. t-i Mnnir,l on/4 Mi. .-!,.«
at your residence at popular prices. Phone
Howard 41C3 before 11 a. m. or after 4 d. m.
WANTED — A position to teach English to
Japanese. Room 23. 804 Stockton st
YOUNG lady wishes position in a drygoods
store; good references. Box 4C24. Call office.
WOULD like eewinc. either from factory or
private. Address box 4507. Call office.
"WOMAN wants sewing or assist housework
from 9 till - p. m. Address box 4509, Call.
INDUSTRIOUS woman wants washing by the
day. Address box 4572, Call offlce.
A WOMAN wishes work by the day. i'57
Minra Bt.
EXPERIENCED stenographer desires work
lor afternoons. Box 4C19, C_ll offlce.
PLAIN sewing wanted by the day. Box 4G22,
Call office.
YOUNG girl wishes to assist at housework.
Apply at 5CS Natoma st.
WOMAN wants work by the day; washing or
hou5ecleaning. Box 4o71, Call offlce.
HOUSEWORK, cleaning, scrubbing or tak-
ing care of children during the day; 6leep
home. Box 4503, Call.
A GIRL wants housework. 614 Vi Valencia st.
SEAMSTRESS wishes work by the day. Box
4614. Call.
REFINED woman wants work as waitress.
Box 1177. Call.
LADY wants position as waitress. 403 Jones
street
BY a young lady, a posltnon as cashier or
saleslady in bakery. Box 4052. Call.
TOUNG lady wishes plain sewing. Box 4193,
Call.
WOULD like work as chambermaid. MRS.
SMITH. 744 Howard st.
TRAINED nurse wants position. Box 4396.
Call.
TOUNG woman wants offlce work. 203 Na-
toma st.
SEAMSTRESS wishes work by the day $T~60
per day. Box 4501. Call.
WOMAN wants work to do by the day. 2S76
Bryant »t.
WANTED — Situation to do housework. 621
Bartlett ct.
MIDDLE-AGED woman would like to care for
children. Apply 15 Howard court.
WANTED — A position as housekeeper in the
country. Addrers box 4392, Call offlce.
WANTED— A position to do housework. Ad-
drees box 4393. Call. ;¦¦ -
WANTED — Housekeeper's position or to man-
age a small business. Box 4174. Call.
WANTED — Plain sewing to do by . elderly
woman. Box 4177, Call.
WOMAN would l!ke to do washing by the
day. Box 4166, Call.
WOMAN wants washing and mending to do at
home. 23 Rincold st.
WOMAN wants situation; cooking or house-
worfc. 4 Latham pi., bet. O'Farreli and Ellis.
WOMAN wants work by the day. Address box
4192. Call offlce.
YOUNG girl wants light housework or to assist
with children. Box 4188. Call offlce.
A SWEDISH flrst-claes cook fcr private fam-
ily or boarding-house : is a good, strong
worker; can gi\-e best of reference; city or
country. Box 3995. Call offlce.
WOMAN wishes housccleanlng. 157 Tehama
street.
WOMAN wants sewing to do by the day. 3059
Point Lobos ave.
A LADY wants position as housekeeper. 450
Third st.
GOOD, steady woman wishes worif by the day.
740 Howard st.
RESPECTABLE woman wants chamber work,
rnomlns-houre, or work in restaurant pantry.
Box 4049. Call office v r
WOMAN wishes wa-hing or housecleanlng by
the day. (ilSB. Natoma st.
WANTED — Plain tsewbig by the day. C20U
Natoma. £t.
STRONG, competent American woman, terrl^
perat»*. honcs«t, want« lieht Kweeping and
washing l>y tiie day; fine laundress; cheerful
worker: 51 25 and car fare. 1S9 Fourth it.,
first flight, room 24.
OLD !ody wishe* v.-rrk by the day. $1 50 day.
Address box 45IG. Call office.
i AN educated, refined lady wishes position as
housekeeper, managing or working, city or
country. Box''4S05. Call.
AN old lady would like to keep house for a
¦ widower that has one or two children; can
make ar.d mend their clothes; U fond of
children; is good cook; wages not eo much
an object as a home. 127 Second St., room 7.
DRESSMAKER wants work by the day. Ad-
1 dresa 504 Leavenworth st.
j GIRL 12 years of age wishes position to take
care of baby. 415 Tehama st.
SITUATION by lady as companion for elderly
lady; can sr.eak German and French. Box
473_. Call office.
DRESSMAKER, experienced, good cutter and
fitter, would like a few more engagements
by th^ day; terms reasonable; city or coun-
try. Box 4735, Call office.
LADY wants a position as a cook. Apply 113C
Howard st.
¦ A STRONG woman wishes work, washing
sweeping or dusting, for Wednesday and
Thursday. Call 14."i Twelfth Bt., nr. Howard.
I WANTED—Position to help at dressmaking
', 777 Geary tt.
; WANTED — Situation by first-class cloak and
suit saleslafly. Uox^ U9S1. Call office.
I WANTED — Position as chambermaid. Addresa
M. BROWN. 619 Pest St.
POSITION as lady's maid. Box 4824. Call
offlce.
WOMAN of refinement will assist with house-
work fow hmirs dally for housekeeping rooms
for self and husband. Box 4821, Call office.
j MILLINERY saleslady wishes position. Box
4585, Call offlce.
A GERMAN girl wishes a situation for up-
Etairs work. Apply 2S.'5 Mission st.
A FIRST-CLASS cook, with best city refer-
ences. 518 Bush tt.
WOMAN wants mending to do. 118 Ryan ave.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes a position in
small family to do general housework. 1420
Stockton st.
SCOTCH woman wants situation; good cook,
baker, laundress; sleep . home; references!
Address Cook, box 4502, Call.
A COMPETENT woman wishes a position as
chambermaid. Box 4S19, Call.
WOMAN wants plain sewing. Box 4820, Call.
WANTED — Plain sewing. 83 Oak st., room 1.
WANTED — Plain sewing. 837 Florida st
WANTED — Plain jewing. 785 Jessie st.
WANTED — Position es housekeeper. Box 45""
Call office.
WANTED — To go out sewing by the day. 143
Golden Gate ave.
SWEDISH Jady wishes position as cook In a
private family. 4C4 Frederick st.
A YOUNG lady t peaking German as governess-
city or country; excellent references. Box
41>2S, Call offlce.
RELIABLE girl, general housework and cook-
in ft is good cook; wages $20 to $2o.
Minna st. •. -.. V; :
POSITION wanted by good American icook
147 Ninth «t. I
POSITION as chambermaid in hotel or lodg-
ing-house; city preferred. Box 4727? Call.
COOK, German, is first class for parties or by
day; references; call Monday. 743 Eddy gt
A GOOD seamstress would like to Ret sewin?-
In family: 75c a day. Box 4719, Call office.
I FIRST-CLASS ceok wishes situation In Amer-
I lean family. 1024 Howard fe t. " } Alncr
! SWEDISH woman, not afraid of work witshry
• any kind of work by the day; $f f.u ind car-
fare. Address 1173 Howard t"t.
A LADY, first-clans housekeeper and cook, ho-
tel or boarding-house; city or country •lutj.'J
Mission et.
WANTED— A position aa housekeeper In-uire
1CKJ1 Howard tt. "THE SAN FRANCISCO CALt, SUNDAY, AUGUST 21, 1904.
44
XngPIiOTKEirr WAarTEP — Mala— Con.
AN active young man desires a steady posi-
tion; no objections to hard work; very har.dy
at anything. Call or address J. A.. «41 fe-
hama st.
A YOUNG man desires position in some busi-
ness house; experience general merchandise
store.. Box 492S. Call.
WANTED— Situation as watchman. Address
J. K.. 11S5 Market gt.
HANDY man around steam plants, understands
pumps, hoisting engines, air compressors, ice
machinery, boilers, any kind of fuel, can
also take care of motors or generators: 14
years* experience: can give reference; willing
to start anywhere; country or city. Box
4930. Call. : .
GENTLEMAN wishes situation as traveler in
city or to collect for some firm; bonds If
required. Box 55, CalL
MAN wonts work/ laboring. 726 Fulton st
POSITION in loan office by thoroughly ex-
perienced manager, cashier, etc.; best refer-
ences; bond. Box 4S80. Call.
CARPENTER wants work, town .or country: j
wages reasonable. Address box 1331, Call
office. Oakland.
A MACHINIST. 15 years* experience; floor and
vise work preferred; reliable. Box 1327. Call i
office. Oakland.
WANTED — Steady work by man handy with
tools. Address box 1326, Call office. Oakland. I
COMPETENT bookkeeper deelres to keep set \
of books evening. Box 40. Call office. j
WOULD like a position as hostler. Address j
819& York st !
"WOULD like position carrying papers. Ad-
dress 1965 Howard st.
ROUGH carpenter would like Job. Box 4915,
. Call office.
PRACTICAL cutter and fitter, long experience.
with references, wants position. Box 42.
Call office.
YOUNG man of 25. with 5 years' office ex-
• perience. w-juld like a position as assistant
bookkeeper; wholesale preferred ; ' can fur-
nish bond If necessary. Box 4S94, Call.
SOBER man wants steady place, do chores;
understands horses, garden; can milk; han-
dy at housework: good home, moderate
wages, preferred, j Box 4524, Call office.
A YOUNG man who supports himself wouid
like to work at something that will allow j
him to attend a night school In order to
finish a coursa; ref. ; age 21. Box 4730, Call.
SITUATION ss salesman in a toy and notion
fcoujc: wholesale Dref erred; best of city ref-
erences. Box 4567, Call office.
EXPERIENCED accountant familiar with
railroad auditing, would accept position with
electric or steam railroad co. Box 4563. Call.
A— EXPERIENCED watchman, good city ref-
erence, wants position. Box 4525, Call office,
BOOKKEEPER wanU position. 270A Thlr-
teenth st
SALESMAN wants position at once as trav-
eling: salesman for specialty; 6 years* ex-
perience; best of references. Box 4043, CalL
ELDERLY man wants work, private family:
gardening, horses, all round man; wages no
object; references. Box 4184. CalL
YOUNG man, good character, wants position;
yard and assist with books, with retail lum-
ber firm out of city; recently had charge
of shipping point for wholesale firm; good
references; moderate salary. Address box
4398. Call office.
A YOUNG man who speaks French and pretty
good English wants a position as a clerk In
a dry goods store; understands the trade and
can furnish bond and references. Box 4063.
Call office.
YOUNG German. 3 months here, wishes po-
sition, city or country. Box 4399, Call.
YOUNG Japanese student wants situation as
schoolboy In small family. YAMAMOTO,
121 Haight st. Japanese church.
A CHINESE experienced first-class cook. Eng-
lish, French, wishes position; city hotel,
restaurant boarding bouse; meat and pastry
cookery; clean and neat; good references; -
satisfaction. CHARLIE WILLMON. 1113 !
Clay st.
A GOOD Chinese cook warns position In fam-
ily. C, 21 Brenham place.
CHINESE first-class hotel, boarding-house
cook wants place. 228 Ellis st. U King Co.
JAPANESE first-class cook wants a situation
In a family; best references. Address FRANK
ICKI. 321% O'Farrell st
A JAPANESE good boy wants a position to do
housework or wait on table; private family ;
only; $6 up. B. S.. f>ll Stockton st. city. .
JAPANESE first-class cook wants a situation
In a family; best references. Address
FRANK ICKI. 321J4 O'Farrell st
TCiATS TO XJBT.
A — ROUSES and flats to let: aa Immense list;
service absolutely free- take advantage of
this department; It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-259
Geary it. on the square.
SUTTER, 2510. near Broderick — Sunny upper
flat of 6 rooms and bath; modern plumbing;
rent ?30. VON RHEIN F.EAL ESTATE
CO., 513 California st
TWO new, sunny fiats of 6 rooms and bath
each; corner Gougb st. and Myrtle ave.;
rents $50 and $55. VON RHEIN REAL
ESTATE CO.. 513 California at.
GOUGH 1203-5-7, near O'Farrell — 3 modern
sunny"flats o£ 7-10-11 rooms; rent $40-50-55.
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO., 513 Cali-
fornia st -:¦./¦:;.'-«,;
NINETEENTH and Noe. N.W. corner; _»•
warm belt of the Mission; block from Castro
or Elchteenth street cars — 5 lovely sunny
upper and lower 4 and 5 room flats; every
modern convenience; storerooms ready by
Aug. 15; rents from $20 to $27 50; water free.
$22 50—1620 FELL st, near Masonlo ave, —
Sunny lower flat; 5 r. and b.; opposite Pan-
1 handle; modern and desirable; key on prem-
\ lse». SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO., 21S-
220 Montgomery st
CASTRO. 421, near 17th — Sunny belt; modern
upper French sunny 11 rooms; balcony; grand
view; convenient for 2 families -.cheap ;stabli.
HOWARD. 2038— Upper flat; 6 rooms and
bath; every room sunny; rent $23; no chil-
dren.
VALENCIA. 690. near Sixteenth — Two new
flats, 6 and 7 rooms and bath; Janitor ser-
vice included. Apply on premises.
NOE, 1050, corner Elizabeth — New 9-room flat;
modern Improvements; convenient to Twenty-
fourth and Castro street cars: rent reasonable.
TURK, 1218 — Splendid little sunny lower flat
two rooms and a hall large enough for a
room; also storage room; $15 month.
TO rent— Bautiful "sunny flat, carpets for sale
at a ffi-eat sacrifice. 11CS Masonic ave., cor-
ner Page street
MCALLISTER. 1353, between Steiner and
Pierce — Beautiful new flat 1 rooms and batn;
very sunny. •
C ROOMS and bath; nearly new; nice garden:
basement; cheap. 4237 Twentieth st. near
Castro.
UPPER flat of 5 rooms and bath and cellar.
55 Tremont ave., near Golden 'Gate Park;
rent ?20. ~ -..
SAN JOSE ave.. 225— New flats. 6 rooms and
baths; Mission warm belt; swell location;
rent $25.
NEW, sunny corner, 4 rooms; modern: yard;
rent reasonable. 3371 Twenty-fifth st, near
Mission.
$22 50— NICE sunny upper flat, 6 rooms and
bath: marine view. 112S Filbert st. near
Hyde.
SUNNY middle flat, seven rooms; modern
3435 20th *t. . bet. Howard and Mission.
BAKER. 731-733—2 fins modern flats. 6-T rmi •
near McAllister st; baths; every convenience.'
NEW upper flat. 6 large sunny rooms and bath-
up to date. 1737 Page st. *
HAYES. 1743, near Park entrance — Sunny
flats. 3 and 4 rooms, bath; $12 50-$16.
GUERRERO, 286—3 furnished rooms; new
sunny flat, with use of kitchen; no children.
GUERKERO-ST. flats, 4 and 5 rooms- modern-
rent $45; must sell. Box 4633. Call office. *
BRODERICK, 1616-1620, nr. Sutter— Elegant
new modern flats; key lot; sun and light.
BUSH. 25S4— Desirable upper flat, 6 rooms and
bath: rent reasonable.
DOLORES. 521, near Eighteenth— 6 large sun-
ny rooms and bath; rent $32 50.
BRODERICK. 1616-1620. nr. Sutter— Elegant
new modern Cats; key lot; sun and light
ELGIN PARK. 76—4 sunny rooms; laundry
and yard: $16.
HARRIET. 270. near Bryant, off Sixth— Sunny
flat of 5 rooms; rent $12.
SUNNY flat. 6 rooms and bath: modern: op-
posite Falrmount Hotel. 1002 Sacramento »t.
•CaPEOTMEHT WAHTED— Male— Coa.
A BOY wanta a posltlcn as stock boy. Box
4552. Call office.
XOtma nan wishes situation as porter. C16 1
CIlls et !
BOOKKEEPER wants position. Box 4551. Call
¦-¦fflcfl. -
ELECTRICIAN'S helper wants position. 207S
Kar) »t
AVWTEI) — Employment as salesman. Apply
HARRY MCLLER, 323 Bush «t
BUTCHER wants position. Address 1004
Geary et.
SHOEMAKER wants work at re-jairlr.g. Apply
nt .*"'• Natoma st.
POSITION as foreman in eawmllL Box 4579,
CaM office. ,
POSITION as electrician. Bex 457S. Call
offsoe.
KHIGHT bey a') wishes a P£ Itl °\ R L£Ov"
pmter rhon. Address DAUD CARLSON.
1006 Minna st .
BRIGHT boy O«> wishes r^i^oni^vlBS nsbt
<5eUverv «tror.: city or country. Address
F. B. 'BXPSPETH. 106 Eleventh »t.
ERRAND boy wants position. Address 7S6A
Harrison st- .
COOK warns work; city or country. « Tehama,
*tr*et.
•BARTCN'PE3t wants Job. 4O» Past street.
WOULD like a Job as errand boy. Address
4543. Call office.
YOUNG boy would like a position. Apply 13«
i(.U£S St. _______-__—————————
ELBVATOK operator m anis place. G. FARGO.
15 Thjrd st.
A GOOD cartener wants to do Jobbing. 1414
Ellis et. .
S!IOS clerk wants position. Address 2023
Paclnc ave.
"WAITKH want* position; good references.
271 O'Farrfli et. ;?>>": -:
PAINTETt w«.nf work. 3149 Steiner street
BOY wants s position as office boy. Box
iM5. Call office. - ,
WOULD like work as night watchman. Ap-
ply 701 Folsom »t
CHARLES MINER would like •work as porter.
744 Howard st.
KARTiVPER wants work; good all-around
Address Bartender. 32 Hunt st
FTP.ST-CLAfS bookkeeper wanU position In
»hol«sale bouse. 515 U Grove st |j
TOVNG man wants nosHion in wholesale
bouse: cliance tor _d\-anceinent Address
box 4542, Call office. •
WAICTED — Wotk as a porter. Address box
4541. Call offlc*. .
YOUNG man wants a situation as office boy.
FV»x 4540, Call offli*. ¦"
BA r.HER w«-.uM like steady work. Box 4539,
Call office^
" HAKTEXI>nR wants situation. 112 Fulton
*trert.
£ITt" \T1ON wanted as collector or city sales-
nan; bonds, etc. Call J. V. P.. 8 Eighth st
VOUNG men wants position as cashier or
bc'kke«r*r. Box 4Z3k. Call office.
WANTED— Petition as office boy; b<st refer-
fm *s. Box 45.™. Call office.
YOUNG man desires to learn the shoe busi-
ness. Box 4527. Call office.
WANTED— Work as gardener. Apply C50 Sec-
ond st. DAVE MirRPHY. i
VANTEP — Work as bartender. Apply 110
S!l\er st. l>. DOTLK.
tAl.CSMAN' wants position. 814 Market
street
THOROUGHLY first-class bookkeeper and all-
around office man; first-class refs. and under
S2 f '00 bond: or">n for engagement after £2d;
f *.n m comir»ncc. Box 45-"6, Call office,
TOVXG man wishes employment with sur-
veyor. Bov 45U3. Call office - ¦¦ -\
B<"'Y wants a oositlcn: best of reference.. Ad-
cress box 45.14. Call office.
WANTED— Position to tat store. 814 Market
»tt**t
COMPETENT younr man wants position as
stenographer. Address box 4S12, Call office.
BOOKKEEPER wants situation; references.
2502 Sutter »t. -; • ¦„-,
SITUATION wanted by bright office boy. Box
*»v;O. Call offi<-<».
EITVATION wnni»d as salesman In hardware
ston.; experienced. Address box 4520. Call.
PRESS BR wants situation; best of references.
27^ Fourth Ft.
BARTENDER wants Job; best of references.
5 Mason et.
CLERICAL position by young man; capable
correspondent : fccme knowledge of, etenogra-
pby. Box 4S46, Call office.
WAITER wtnts J,b. IS Ellis st
CLERK wants job. 777 Market street |
E3LBCTRIC3AK »ants position. Address A.
lewis. 1C30 Geary *t.
WANTED— Uy a young boy position In a
«hcl«£a!» house; can give reference. Box
4.VB. Call office.
WANTED— Work as cook. Apply 741 Com-
mercial st M. LEE.
¦WANTED — A position as office boy. 270 Ninth
«tr>«:t.
MAN and wife, position in country hotel; man
clerk: wife housekeeper. Box 4561. Call.
WAXTEP — Position as gardener. Box 4562.
Call office.
MECHANICAL draughtsman wants position to
do tracing. 1. G. WEBB. 22C1 Shattuck av«.
GARDENER wants position. Address "P.M.,"
box 47:3*. Call office.
WANTED — Position to learn machinist trade,
nox 4741. Call office.
EXPERIENCED bov wants position as wrap-
per In etore. Box 4740. Call office.
SITUATION as stenographer. Box 4733, Call
office-.
WANTED — Position as traveling salesman; IS
years' experience: beet of city references; 8
years srttJa present firm; wages $125 and ex-
l.'.r.f oe. Address box 4737, Call office.
A BOY 16 years of ag* wants a position with
s a printing concern; willing to work at any-
thing: honetit and reliable; references. Box
4037. Call office.
RELIABLE man wishes position as book-
k**i<r. L. D. RO3ENTHAL, S19 Franklin.
WANTED— Light work as gardener. JACK-
SON. S33 Seventh st. city.
DOT would like to learn trade as plumber's
helper. 542 Clay St. E. F.
YOUNG man would HUs to learn blacksmith
trade. 1114 Ervant st.
WOULD like a r>osltion as night watchman.
JOHN W1LCOX. 'MO Third tt.
BOY 17 years of age wants position at driving
bujrsy: will Ftait 1st of month. Address box
473'i. CUI office.
COMPETENT man wants place aa Janitor;
ben references. A. J.. box 473L Call office.
YOUNG man wishes copying to do at home.
By letter only. W. H. It.. 330 McAllister st.
A FIRST-CLASS cardener; experienced In all
branches, single. German, wants engage-
ment as head srardentr; best of references.
T3ARDEN. 316 Jessie st
WANTED — Pcslticn as porter by eober man.
125S Howard «t.
WOULD like a position as waiter. JOHN
JOHNSON. 200 Folsom st
WOULD like work as compositor. B. OENS
ANDERFON. 15 Third st
. . . . _ .
V'AVTED— Petition as a barber. £9 Third st
A BUTLEft wishes a position In private fam-
ily; rood referencts. Box 4734. Call office.
BOY wants petition. Apply 320 Sixth st
T'OFITIOX wanted as waiter. 56 Third st
T:or. 13. wants office work. Box 9941. Call.
KRHAND bey wants position. Box 472J», Call.
YOUNG man would like a job on a' light de-
livery wagon; beet of references. Box 4081,
Call o'fice.
ESIPIiOyMEKT WAHTED — Male— Con.
WANTED— Position as elevator boy." Box
4674. Call offlse.
BARBER wants position. Apply 129 Geary
street. .- .
BOY wants a position as errand boy. Box
479S. Call office.
MAN wants a Job as porter. Address box
4043, Call office. — _-
COMPETENT man wants place as Janitor; best
A. J.. box 4705, Call. , - ¦ _
POSITION in gents' furnishings; experienced
salesman; references. Box 4672, Call.
"WANTED— Situation window dressinr even-
lngs. Address Window, 216 Clement st.
YOUNG man (20) wants position as engineer's
machinist; 18 months' experience; best ref-
crenccs. Box 4900. Call office.
A GERMAN wishes a situation In grocery
store and barroom; first-class references.. W.
BOHUNG. 417 Kearny st
BOY wants position. Box 485T. Call office.
BOOKKEEPER wants position. 425 Haight
street.
POSITION wanted by hotel clerk. Box 4860,
Call office.
DRUG porter wants position. Box 4861. Call
office. ¦
BOY would like to learn plumbing trade. Box
4797. Call office.
SMALL boy would like a position as errand
hoy. Addrets box 4961. Call office.
TWO , first-class carpenters will do all store
and office fitting and Jobbing work. Call or
address 31S Grant ave.
WANTED — Job as errand boy; best of refer-
ences. Box 4794, Call office.
YOUNG man wishes situation to drive delivery
wagon. Address 911 Howard st : •;¦ ' c
WOULD like position as office boy. Box 4796,
Call office.
MAN*and wife cooks, first and second; city or
country. Address 217 Natoma st - '<;
YOUNG man wishes situation In the country.
819 Fulton st.
WANTED— Position in fruit stor*. Address
434 Second st. ,
MAN wants position aa watchman or drtvlnr
delivery wagon; good references. Box 102,
Call office.
ELDERLY reliable man desires position as
watchman. Box 2, Call.
APPRENTICE boy In Jewelry -store. Box
6000. Call office.
EXPERIENCED warehouse man desires em-
ployment as shipper or other position of.
trust in wholesale or manufacturing house;
best references. Box 103, CalL
MAN wants Job In warehouse. Box 4999, Call.
AN experienced, competent, reliable young
man desires situation In office; quick, ac-
curate at figures; excellent references as to
character and ability. Box 106, CalL
WANTED — Situation as traveling salesman;
good references. Box 4996, CalL
POSITION wanted by a young man to work as
salesman In grocery department Box 49S7,
Call office.
WANTED— -Situation as accountant; largft ex-
perience; generally useful. Box 4995. CalL
WANTED — By sober man, watchman's posi-
tion. R. D. A., 417 Kearny st
GARDENER, first class,' thoroughly experi-
enced in all branches of gardening, flowers,
vegetables, shrubs, care of ornamental
grounds and lawns, management of green-,
house, seeks Immediate engagement. Box
40S5. Call office.
A YOUNG married man, acquainted wttli the
grocery trade, wishes posttlon as salesman,
city or country, with responsible firm. Box
4088, Call office.
A YOUNG married grocery clerk wishes posi-
tion: city or country. Box 4984. Call.
; A COMPETENT cashier and bookkeeper, now
employed, would take charge of set of books
outside business hours at a reasonable figure.
Box 4S07. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED man wants posttlon as clerk
In lodsing-house. Address room 120, 417
Kearny Bt
CLOTHING clerk wants poslJ_ftn! Box 4679,
Call office. **
BARKEEPER wants place In first-class sa-
loon only; best of references.^ Box 4790. CalL
POSITION as canvasser. Address box 4662.
Call office.
POSITION as manager of chicken ranch. Ad-
dress box 4661. Call office.
BAKER wishes position. 1 Morris ave*
WANTED — Job as decorator on flowers, ferns
and palms. Apply ISO Jegsle st %
FIRST-CLASS butcher, with be«t of references,
wants work. Address box 4S92, Call office.
CLOTHING clerk wants position. Box 4789^
Call office.
WANTED— Position for bright boy; 15. Box
4791. Call office.
BOOKKEEPER and cashier, typist; German
(38); temperate; 20 years' experience In of-
fice work; references and bond; city or coun-
try. Box 4S91, Call office.
EXPERIENCED stenQCTagJier wants employ-
ment. 2 to 6 hours pCT^aay, while attending
college lectures; day or evening; law or com-
mercial: city references. Box 4952, Call.
SITUATION wanted — First-class specialty
man; three years' experience selling grocery
trade; best of references. Box 4947. Call.
EXPERIENCED buyer and manager Is open
for engagement; men's clothing.hata.fumlsh-
lng goods: thoroughly competent to take full
charge; first-clasa in every respect; knows
how stock should be handled to make money;
In or out of the city; principals only. Ad-
dress box 4761. Call office.
BARTENDER, middle-aged, very reliable,
reference, wishes position. Box 4762, CalL
MAN wants Job; any kind work. 815 Hunt st
STATE of Maine sea captain wishes situation
as private watchman. - Address Sea Captain,
General Postoffice. San Francisco.
WANTED — A situation as office boy. Call at
1239 Larkin st. , : -
BOY would like place In office. Address box
4902. Call office.
ELEVATOR boy wishes position. Address box
4064, Call office.
STRONG boy wants situation; hardware store.
Box 4705. Call office.
BOOKKEEPER desires position In wholesale
house; references. Address box 4855, Call.
WANTED— Position as furnlshlnr goods sales-
man. Box 4759, Call office.
BOY wishes a Job as errand boy. RJO.V GAVIN;
726% Bush st.
TRAVELING salesman wishes position with
wholesale crocery or commission house; long
experience; references. Box 4981, Call office.
WANT position as porter. Box 4971. CalL
WANTED — Situation as a saloon porter; city
cr country. Box 4972, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS office assistant wishes position;
aged 25; newspaper experience: - willing to
etart any kind of business; good references.
Box 4U78, Call office. ; - . >¦
WANTED— By r- young boy, position In a
dry goods house; can give rood reference.
Box 4974. Call office.
BOY wants position In office. HARRY KAM-
LER, 923 Folsom St. .
COMPETENT watchmaker wishes work even.
In ss. Box 497.'. Call office.
WANTED — Position as Janitor. Box 4377,
Call office. , /
BOY wants work In store. Box 4979, Call
office.'
"WANTED — Position aa Janitor. Box 4957,
Call office. - :,y -.:
YOUNG man wants situation as waiter: best
reference. /Address box 4778," Call offloe.
WANTED — Position as porter In wholesale
house. Box 4090. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by elderly man ai house
porter. Address box 4091; -Call office.
FIRST-CLASS upholsterer wants hotel work. 1
Address B. G.. 136 Sixth Bt
JANITOR wants general housecleanlng or any
other kind of work for Mondays and Wednes-
days (regular). I. MEYER, 110 Hyde. st.
COMPETENT painter, paper-hanger and graln-
cr, with tools, wants work by the day or Job
for nrlvate parties, hotels or institutions;
city cr country. Box 4046. Call offloe. - ¦,
YOUNG man speaking Spanish fluently desires
situation as agent to go to Mexico or South
America. Box 47S0, Call- office.
EMPLOTaraarT wAyTEo-~acia»>--coa.
A GOOD painter wants work i no tools; $3 a
day. Box 4784. Call office. _
YOUNG man wishes position of any kind. • 310
Filbert st. ...
A STABLEMAN wants a Job. 218 Ellis at
MAN wanta position In hardware store. . Box
4786. Call office.
YOUNG man wishes position as clerk. Apply
611 Gouzh st.
WANTED — Light work afternoons, 1 to B.
Address 4955 Call office.
WANT pvaltlon as elevator man. 717 Stock-
ton st.
; WANTED— Position In wholesale drur store,
i Box 4898. Call office.
WANTED — Position aa cook in country hotel.
Address 105 Russ st.
A POSITION aa porter. Box 4864, Call office.
POSITION wanted as solicitor. Address box
4951. Call office. :
PORTER wishes situation. Apply 214 Fremont
street.
BOY wants a position In artist's office. Box
4080. Call office. - /;-;, ?••!;- '.
A YOUNG man wants a situation in wholesale
grocery house. Box 4949, Call.
MAN . wishes position as porter; best of city
references. Box 4942, Call.
POSITION wanted aa collector; 6 years* ex-
perience; references No. 1. Box 4577, Call.
YOUNG man wishes position running elevator
during evening hours. Box 4941, Call.
AN experienced art salesman wishes position.
Box 4680. Call. ..:-,-•
YOUNG man wishes to carry paper; morning
or evening. 354 Minna st
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper, with first-class
. references, open for engagement. Box 494S,
Call office.
WOULD like a position as errand boy. Box
4005. Call office.
SITUATION wanted as errand boy. 844B
Howard st. -
TEAMSTER wants a Job. 438 Jessi* at.
ENGINEER and general machinist wants
steady position; references. Box 4009, CalL
POSITION as elevator operator. Box 4910,
Call office.
BARBER wants position for Saturdays and
Sundays. 679 Harrison st
CARPENTER, non-union, can plan building,
wants work; will go to country. Box 6914,
Call office.
PLUMBER'S helper; 2 years* experience. Ad-
dress FRANK OSBOURN. 647 Howard at
BOY wants any kind of work. EL CL. 877
Fourth st
GOOD solicitor wants work. VT. XX. KELLY,
1016 Market at
MIDDLE- AGED man wants position as watch-
man. Box 4S88. Call office.
BOOKKEEPER — Position as bookkeeper or
manager with lumber company. Box 4S67,
Call office. '
A FIRST-CLASS upholsterer and carpet layer
will work by the day or piece. 927 Eddy at;
phone Larkln 3094.
STENOGRAPHER, familiar with legal work,
first-class typewriter, desires .position; ref-
erences; salary $85. Box 4889. CalL
YOUNG man wants posttlon as elevator man
In some office building: can rive rood ref-
erences. Box 4890, CalL
A YOUNG man wants position* as elevator
operator: experienced. Box 4887. CalL
A/1IIDDLE-AGED gentleman wishes to get a
position as manager, cashier or steward In
hotel, restaurant or bar; beet of references.
Please address box 4S93. Call office.
ETHNOGRAPHER wants position; good refer-'
enceif from present employer. Box 33, Call.
YOUNG man 'wants position a* porter. 342
Austin ave. .
YOUNG man wants position as Janitor. 1074
Howard st
BEDMAKER wants work: strictly temperate;
handy all around man for hotel or rooming-
house. Box 10. Call office.
WANT a Job a* watchman. LA. PERRY.
810 Powell st.
PIANO player wants situation In musta store.
Address M. G.. box 34. Call office.
POSITION as handy man on farm. Box 13.
Call office. 4k
POSITION as stenographer In department
store. Box 12, Call offloe.
STRONG, wllllnr young man want* _ood
steady position on chicken ranch; learn the
trade. Write E. L. STONE. 327 Jessie st,
San Francisco, Cal.
FIRST-CLASS plumber wishes ' position; elty
or outside. Write STONE, 327 Jessie st, San
Francisco, Cal.
CARPENTER want* work. Apply 4212 Nine-
teenth st.
STENOGRAPHER wants position. Address Box
6. Call office.
POSITION as errand boy In law offlc*. Box
1 4776. Call office.
EXPERIENCED drar and tobacco salesman
wants position for city and Oakland. Ad-
dress box 30. Call office.
WANTED— A Job as porter. 814 Toarth st
WANTED — Position In a grocery. Address 42
Moss st
WANTED — Position as , electrician; hav* had
4 years' experience and can furnish rood
references. Box 38, Call office.
A SWISS man wants to get a Job to milk
cows. 315V4 Jessie st
PAINTER and paperhanger. with tools, who
understands tinting, graining, hardwood fln-
lshtns, wants work by the day; Al refer-
ences: city or country. Box 52, Call office.
PLUMBER wants steady Job. 3215 Sixteenth
street
WANTED — By couple, any kind of work. Box
4883, Call office.
JOB as Janitor. 121 Eddy st
YOUNG married man wants work of any kind.
Address H. A.. 405 Gough st
SINGLE gentleman, good penman, wants light
employment: no canvassing. .Box 4S85, CalL
WOULD like position as cart driver. PETE
RYAN, 906 Vallejo st.
CARPENTER -wants work. Address 836 Hayes
street.
WANTED — Position as porter In saloon. *Ca3\
615 Sacramento st. .
WANTED — Man 80 years old as porter. Ad-
drees H. B.. box 50, Call office.
TAILOR wants work. 806 Francisco st
STABLEMAN wants work. 4302 Seventeenth
street.
CARPENTER wants position. 28 Jackson st.
NIGHT work for young man.' 640 Geary st
YOUNG man wishes position in afternoon. 310
Filbert st. .
DRAUGHTSMAN desires additional . work to
do at home, ' Box 487R, Call office.
WOULD like work as compositor. ED O'D..
211 Stevenson st.
A LABORING man wants some Jobs about
tewn. 37 Ritch st.
MECHANICAL engineer, large experience, best
references, desires situation; construction
work. Address Engineer. 78 Rausch. st :
L^DIEg tailor wants Job. Apply 121 Russ st.
JOB "wanted "as bartender. Box 4921, Call.
CARPENTER, non-union man. wants work;
city or country; wages reasonable. Box
. 182». Call office, Oakland.
JOB 'wanted as delivery wagon driver. Box
4318. Call office... - ¦
JOB .wanted as bookkeeper. Box 4923. CalL
JOB wanted aa private secretary. Box 4924,
Call office. ,,'¦.-..•:
JOB wanted aa machinist's helper. Box 4934,
Call office. :¦¦>¦¦ \
JOB wanted as elevator boy. Box 4933, Call.
DKUG porter wants & position. Box 4927, CalL.
ELIPLOYICTMT WAgTEP — Male— Con.^
*MAN wants work by the day. ' 2024A Bry-
ant^ st ¦«
j SHOE clerk wants pcslttcn. 2023 Pacific st
WANTED — Position as 6hipplng clerk; best of
references. Box 4S25, Call office.
GOOD all-round cook wants position. Box
4S26, Call office. ¦
WANTED — Position as night watchman; ref-
erences. Box 4823. Call office. 'A-*r<;- ¦
WANTED — By old barber, a Job evenings, Sat-
urday and Sunday. Apply 240 Stevenson st.
POSITION, city salesman to call on grocers;
best references. Box 4S22, Call office* - V ,.-
BOOKKEEPER, collector or city salesman;
foundry, brass or Iron preferred; bonds, etc.
Inquire 8 Eighth ct.
GOOD barber seeks steady position. 87 Tjilrd
street
WANTED— Work as cook. Apply 933 Ninth
*t.. E. EDWARDES.
WANTED — Situation as derk. 413 Jones at
PLUMBER want* JoB. 713 Ellis st
HUSTLING traveler wishes position. Box 4523,
Call office.
ADVERTISING solicitor wants position, H.
B.. 831 Bush Bt. ; best reference. , »
BOY would like place in wholesale house. Box
4S32, Call office.
POSITION as collector for real estat* firm.
Address box 4S27. Call office.
POSITION as drummer for hardware firm.
Address box 4£53.* Call office.
COMPETENT roung man deelres position as
shipping clerk. Box 4818. Call office.
EXPERIENCED cutter wants position In a
fine merchant tailoring establishment; can
furnish best references. Box 4463, Call.
YOUNG man wishes position as bartender.
Box 4658. Call olflce.
BOY wants reper route. Box 4728. Call office.
WANTED— Situation as bookkeeper. 1010
Goldtn Gate ave.
BOY wants situation In store. Addres* 618
Wsshington st.
YOUNG married man would like position as
assistant barkeeper In city. Box 4C8S. Call.
ERRAND boy wants work. 602 Natoma st
WANTED— A position aa head Janitor; best
of references. Box 4652. Call office,
DRIVER wants Job. 216 Post st
WANTEt? — Position as barkeeper. Apply 701
Mission st.
POSITION as watchman: 51000 security. L.
MANGEL, 2017VJ Powell st
ACCOUNTANT, accurate, experienced, wishes
permanent position In wholesale house; refer-
ences and bond if required. Box 4814, Call.
YOUNG man. IS years of age, would like em-
ployment to drive light delivery wagon; rer-
erences. Address Box 4634, Call office.
MAN wants to work In dairy. 1435 Lacuna st
i YOUNG man going to Orient will take ad-
vertising matter for distribution In Naga-
saki. Manila. Honolulu. Box 4650. Call.
A STRONG bey. age 17, wishes a position with
a good family; is willing to work; guoj
referencts. Box 4U47. Call office.
BOY wants pood Job In wholesale house; refer-
ences. Address box 4637. Call office.
A BOY wants a position in a drug store. Box
46ar>, Call office.
A BOY wants position In wholesale' house;
best references. Address 1055 Howard st.
BOY wishes a position In a plumber's shop.
Box 4643. Call office.
A YOUNG man. willing to work, wishes posi-
tion on a chicken ranch or farm. Box 4642.
Call office.
WANTED— Handy man with tools wouid like
position. Apply 6 Howard court
BOY would like position in law office. Box
4tV41. Call otflce,
EXPERIENCED man of 50 wants position as
furnishing roods salesman; moderate salary.
Box 4639. Call office.
WANTED — A position as porter. 1074 How-
ard et.
A POSITION wanted as collector In whole-
sale house; references. Box 4575, Call office.
YOUNG man wishes position as clerk in dry
goods store. Box 4G3t3, Call office.
WANTED — By boy of 16, position as errand
boy. Box 4644, Call office.
YOUNG man; some experience at carpenter
work. Address box 4723, Call office.
GOOD all-around -butcher seeks a place. Ad-
dress box 4722. Call office.
DRUGSTORE porter wants work. Box 9972,
Call office.
BOY wants work In store. C. E. METZLER,
j 634 Waehinrton st.
GOOD bartender open for engagement Box
4721. Call office.
POSITION as salesman In furnishing roods
store. $42 O'Farrell st
A BOY wants to learn plumbing. Box 4715,
Call office.
BOY wants a position; best of reference. Box
4717. Call office.
CARRIAGE painter desires situation. Box
471 6, Call office.
AN experienced. Industrious, competent young
man wants position as bookkeeper; now em-
ployed; desires situation where strict per-
¦ tomiance of duty will be appreciated; ex-
cellent references. Box 4713. Call.
BOY wants work In store. 716 Ellis st
WANTED— Work of any kind by a middle-
aged man. Box 4421. CalL
SITUATION wanted as clerk. B. J. W.. 744
Lacuna tt.
POSITION wanted as traveling salesman for
novelty house. B. R., box 4714, Call.
YOUNG m&a wants situation. Address 615%
Bush st.
A DRUMMER wishes a position. JOSEPH
ALEXANDER. 1*1 Fell st
POSITION wanted as salesman; domestics.
R.. box 4854, Call. . .-; ¦¦:;¦;
BOY wants situation as bookkeeper. Box
47CS. Call office.
BOY wishes work as elevator boy. Box 4709,
Call office.
PRINTER wants country situation, i Address
box 4939. Call office.
WANTED — Job as driver on a delivery wagon.
Box 4938. Call office.
GENERAL machinist and dlemaker, acquaint-
ed with can manufacturing machines, also
automatic, wants position in can factory or
cannery; references. Box 4710, Call.
YOUNG rnan (American) wishes position as
packer in wholesale house. Box 4711. CalL
POSITION as cashboy. A. I., 2608A Buah
street
WANTED— Situation as night wltchman. 16
Third st .
YOUNG man would like a polstlon driving
milk wagon. Box 45S3. Call office.
POSITION as cashier in first-class hoteL Ad-
dress box 4582. Call office.
BOY wishes work in baker shop. Box 4656,
Call office.
NEAT young man wants a position In a whole-
sale house as office clerk: -good arithmetician
»nd penman: can furnish references. Box
4547. Call office.
POSITION as hotel clerk. Address box 454S,
Call office.
WANTED— Stenographlo work. Box 4S52,
Call office.
PORTER wants work in first-class .barber
shop. J. NEUDORFFER., 16 Harriet st
WANTED— Position as bartender. S. WOLF,
36>« Fourth st
MAN and wife would like situations; man
about place, wife firnt-cla^s cook; no wash-
ing. Box 4831, Call office.
MARRIED man wishes position as shipping
• derk; 4 year*' experience; references. G.
II.. 1210 Maeon st.
DRUG clerk nants steady position, 44 Third
•treet. .
EKPIiOYMENT WAKTEP-— Male — Con.
WANTED — A situation as salesman or collec- '
tor; city; best of references or bond.- Box
4S30. Call office.
JAPANESE boy wishes position In family as
houseworkcr or waiter; plain laundry;
tpeaks English. I. I<\, 451 Jessie st.
JAPANESE good boy want* position, any kind
of work, half day or in the morning few
hours; is good cook. 1020 Larkin st.
J-VPANESE couple want a position: man flrst-
/•lafs cook, wife houseworker; $50 up. T.
/M1YA, 425 / Stevenson st.
FIXE Japanese wants position as schoolboy la
rmall family. 1225 Devisadero Bt.; phone
Scott 643.
YOUTH wants position In large firm; has good
references. Box 4833. Call office.
BARTENDER wants Job. 211 Stevenson st
WANTED— A position as head Janitor; best of
references. Box 4So6. Call office.
STEADY, sober man wants position as night |
watchman: bond given. W. C, 815 Mission.
WANTED — Work as handy man on country
place. E. CROSBY. 424 Third st.
A YOUNG French Swiss, rood references, un-
derstands horses and cows, wishes a situa-
tion; private place; city or country. Box
4750, Call office.
MECHANICAL draughtsman, good designer
and detaller. mininsr. stationery, power
plants, factories, wants work at home. Box
4S47, Call office.
NIGHT watchman, middle-aged, eober and re-
liable, wants position; has good references
and give bond if necessary. Box 4845, Call.
INDUSTRIOUS middle-aged German desires
position in wholesale liquor store; experience
in bottling, labeling, etc.; city or country.
Box 4S43. Call office.
T
A BOY wants a position driving a wagon.
Box 4740, Call office.
SITUATION as teamster for light delivery.
2C2t> Powell et.
SITUATION as teamster for light delivery.
2020 Powell st
____ ,
SITUATION wanted as office boy. 1322 How-
aid St.
WOULD like work as bartender. Apply CARL
MACKETT. 15 Third st.
FIRST-CLASS lunch counter man wants Job.
1L B.. box 46i>9. Call office.
WANTED — A Job as errand boy. Address 417
Mason st
A BOY would Ilka a Job In wholesale house.
564^4 Howard Bt
TENTMAKER wishes situation. Apply 85
Market st.
BOY' of 14 would like a Job as errand boy.
Box 4C90. Call offlc*.
YOUNG man (23) wishes position as shipping:
clerk; five years' experience. H. W. W.,
944 Van Ness ave, •
EXPERIENCED salesman wants position In
men's furnishings. Box 4707, Call office.
YOUNG man desires opportunity to study art
Box 4706, Call office. —
PRACTICAL bookkeeper wants position; coal
or lumber vard preferred; experienced. Box
4704, Call office.
SITUATION wanted as day watchman. Box
4703. Call office.
WANTED — Work in planing mllL furniture
factory or other wood working establishments
by youns: man who has some exp«rience as
carpenter's helper. Box 4702. Call office.
A YOUNG man wishes position of any kind.
S. C NATHAN. 644 Stevenson at
POSITION as errand boy In law office. Box
4700. Call office,
YOUNG man desires i>osltion In electrical es-
tablishment; experienced. Box 463S, Call.
HAT salesman wants situation. 1234 Turk
F.treet.
POSITION In shipping department; wholesale
house preferred. Box 4701. Call office.
ROUGH carpenter would like work. Box 4691,
Call office.
FINISH hand would like steady work. Box
4t5O2, Call office,
ROUGH cari>enter would like Job, Box 4633,
Call office.
FINISH hand would like steady work. Box
¦i6»4. Call office.
BOY wants position as wagon boy. Box 4eo~,
Call office.
YOUNG man wants a position In machine shop;
2 years' experience. Box 4C96, Call office.
ACTIVE, Intelligent and capable young man
desires situation as bookkeeper or clerk In
office where there is chance for advancement;
excellent references. Box 47US. Call office.
COLLECTOR; first-class references: bond fur-
nished. Box 4751, Call office. ,.
MIDDLE-AGED man wants place in wholesale
house a» bill or shipping clerk. Box 4753.
Call office.
WANTED — By a young English boy, age 16,
a position with a good family In the country;
willing: to do any kind of work. Box 4754,
Call office. -. r." '
EKRAND boy wants position. Box 4767, Call
office.
A YOUNG man. good references, wishes a posi-
tion in a cigar store; has had many years'
experience. Box 4771, Call office.
BOY. 18 years of ape, would like to learn the
) plumbing trade. Address box 4770, Call.
ALL-AROUND printer wishes a position in
country office; wages $15. Box 4755, CalL
GLAZIER wants work; city or country. C.
Z., 2178 Sutter st . >
MIDDLE-AGED man. flrst-clasa with stock,
wants work as hostler or stableman In city*
or country; references. Box 4757, Call.
A POSITION as order clerk In wholesale house.
Box 4758. Call office.
WATCHMAN or elevator man. good reference,
wants uosltlon. Address box 4677, Call. .
YOUNG man desires position cm -office clerk;
can give references. Address box 4772, CalL
POSITION as stock clerk wanted. Address
A. L. H., Aiameda, Cal. . :^
FIRST-CLASS shoe salesman wants position In
or out of city; references. Box 4S39, Call.
A YOUNG man, 18 years of age. desires light
outside work. Address box 4842. Call.
YOUNG man wants a position. 1501 Mission
street .
STRONG boy wants work. 100 Eleventh
street.
GOOD restaurant chef wishes position; city.
Box 4814, Call office. t
WANTED — A position la a clothing atore.
Box 4S51. Call office.
SHOEMAKER wanta situation. 1309 Forty-
seventh ave.
OPPORTUNITY to ¦ work way to Bt Louis.
Box 4S50. Call offloe. ,
BOOKKEEPER wanted. Address box 4848,
Call ofneo. -
WELL-KNOWN llauor and cordial salesman
is 01.cn for engagement H. JACOBS, 737
Market st
ENGINEER wants position; best of reference;
25 years' experience; will take Job as handy
man around machinery or caring for boiler.
Box 4835. Call office.
BARKEEPER wishes work from 8 to 12 a. m.
and 2 to 4 p. m. Box 4849, Call office.
BOOKKEEPER, 12 years' experience, wishes
'permanent position; wholesale house pre-
ferred. Box 4856, Call office.
YOUNG man would like a place "to drive de-
livery Bacon. Box 4665. Call office.
BOY wants position. Apply box 4657, Call
office.
WANTED — A position as porter. 1312 Mission
. street. i
BLACKSMITH deslrea situation. Box 4664.
Call office.
1 A FIRST-CLASS butler, best city references,
wishes situation. M. A., S17 Stockton st.
EXPERIENCED '¦ packer or shipping clerk,
good city references, wants position. Box
467G, Call office. . . . ¦¦
NIGHT ¦ watchman wants Job. 1719 Mission
street.
TAILOR wants Job. 22U Everett St.:
BOY wants position as errand boy; age 14
Box 4075, Call office.
WANTED — A Job as watchman by a one-arm
man; references. Address room 03, 41 J
Kearny sL
fLAT TO LET — Continues.
CAPP. lCSft-New flat. 6 rooms and bath;
rooms frescoed; rent $25.
FIRST ave.. 7il»— Up to date upper Cat- s'x
rooms.
X g^fe£ma"sT r * r °° m3 ***
TO let— Elejrant tipper flat; part Turnlshed-
rent S?5. 2116 Howard st. msnea.
HYDE. S50— 9-room flat; 8 rooms furnished- no
tlark room; nice home for family and some
rooms to rent; $400.
VALENCIA. 1134^ — Modern flat; 5 eunny rooms
and Lath.
NOE. 151— Lower flat; 4 rooms adjoining, with
sink and bath; $14.
MODERN new upper sunny flat. 6 rooms and
bath. 825 Cole st.
LYON. ll'a— Upper fiat of 7 rooms and batn-
sunny and modern; rent $42 50.
I FRANKLIN. ZiZfi. bet. Broadway and VaJJefi
— Upptr flat; marine view; 7 rooms and bath.
DEVISADEUO. northwest corner Turk— Sunny
corner flat: 8 rooms and bath.
HOWARD. 2953-7. near Twenty-firth Elegant
new flats; 5 rooms an-1 bath.
NOD, 122A. near Fourteenth — Sunny five-room
new flat.
MODEUN flat of 4 rooms at 87» Sanches at.
corner of Twenty-third.
SUNNY flat of 4 rooms: no children. 2 Martha
place. oft Geary, near Mason.
NEW, gunny 6-7 room flats, on* block norta of
Market st. 157 to 165 Noe st.
$25—1710 WASHINGTON st,, near Polk; sun-
ny bay-window flat. <J rooms and bath.
EDDY, ir.43— Upper Cat. T r. and bath: $33.
NEW. up-to-date lower flat 5 rooms. 031
Hugo st.. south of Golden Gate Park.
A NEW Tipper 7-room Cat; marine view; — 1a-
ny. 8S6 Chestnut st.. near Leavenwortlv
FLAT. 332 Oak St.. 5 rooms, tiled bath. sta«
tionary wash trays; large basement.
SUNNY cor. upper flat, modern. 5 lars* roosts)
and bath; $20. S.W. cor. Geary and Wood.
SUNNY, cozy lower Cat. 4 rooms and batnt
rent $16. 3977 Twenty-fonfth it. nr. Noa.
•— — ¦
UPPER flat— 8 rooms and bath; sunny and
modern; rent $22 50. 3883 24th st. nr. Noe.
FILLMORE. 1023 — Modern upper flat; T rooms
and bath; rent reasonable to good tenant
LAKE, 742. near Ntnth ave. — New Fr*_c_
flat; 6 rooms; rent $25; marine view.
PACIFIC av»>., 2405. near Flllmore— Flat •*
6 rooms; sun In tvery room; larrs garden.
SACRAMENTO. 2321— $45: beautiful, eunnjv
modern, lower Cat: 8 rooms and bath.
$22 50 — BUNNY corner flat; 7 rooms and bat_t
Corner Twenty-sixth and Castro sts.
LEAVENWORTH. 1519— Flat «f B wmi, «-.
bath; rent $13.
FILLMORE. 1126— Modern T rooms; all lam
and light; corner: rent $40.
JONES and Broadway, southeast corner — Nlos)
flat to let. C rooms and bath; marine view.
LARGEST list of bouses and flats to let. Call
en LYON & HOAO, 116 Montgomery st
PTjATS TO LET — FTJTMfXSHiro.
1 WILL rent my tarnished Cat. or part of It.
Western Addition. 7 rooms, sun every room
all day. nico couple; no children. JULIEST
SMITH. 41'0 Montgomery st.
COMFORTABLE, clean sunny apartments:
large house, grounds; ch*ap 10 to 2. 823
Grove st.
HANDSOME, eunny. modern fTve-room flat,
bath, nic" view. *4230 Twentieth St.. near
Castro: 9'M.
¦A— SIXTH st. flat. * r. : bath, gas: 2 rooms pay
rent. Call 462 Natoma Ft., 2 to 5 p. m.
¦ ELEGANTLY furnislwl flat. « rnmi, with
piano; rent reasonabt*. 2216 Polk st.
>^yjAT^^O^6^AjM_ir rrRKls _ r _ aj
CALIKOKNlX 124$! N^b^jnU^'wTi^iTr^fl^*
minutes' walk of Kearny st. — A part or all
the furnishings of seven rooms; private sale;
flat for rent; no dealers.
FINELY furnished flat; almost new; will sac-
rifice whole cr part; piano. 1112 Hyde st;
tel. Larkin 4CZ.">.
FOR sale or ex'-hange for vacant rround —
i Modern flats, 5.1S and 54O Noe st. 4O45 V.nh.
t —^—^— —
FOR sale — Nicely furnished 5-rocm sunny flat
and bath; n^ agent3. 5M Fourth st
ri^ATS TO I.ET— I.ASK3FTTB.
UNFURNISHED flats. 5 and « rooms, bath,
hot and cold water: electric lizhts; reason-
able. F. L. McCORMICK. Hotel Larkspur.
7LATS WANTED.
WANTED — Home, furnished Cat 4 to 6 rooms,
within 5 blocks radius of Powell and O'Far-
rell sts.: occupation September 1. Box 107.
Call office.
"WANTED — 2 flats. 8 or 4 rooms and bath,
around Eighth or Tenth. 1210 Kearny st
A FLAT or unfurnished floor of 4 rooms; $20.
Box S3. Call.
ri.ATS 70S SALS.
$11.000 — Rents $107 50; 3 new marine view
flats; 6-6-7 rooms; paneled dining room:
Chestnut st , near Leavenworth. Boat ST.
- Call office.
rrjRJlTlUtE FOB BATVE.
YOU can buy $75 worth of fur— ltnr« for $T BO
down and $1 50 per week. T. Brilliant'*
Furniture Co., 84O Post st. near PowelL
Anderson Auction House. 19 Turk. nr. Marks*.
furnishes evrythlng for the house; low prtoesi.
FURNITURE, stoves, bought sold, exchanged.
Barger. 430 Valencia,nr.l6th.TeLCbureh S87T*.
2 FULL lenjrth cane reclining chairs for sale,
H14 Washington ave.
yuKJU'ruim wAJiC— — j.
"¦~~~~~~~" ABB LEVY.
Salesroom. 1135 Market st TeL Jessl* TO.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, offlo* fur-
niture, etc., until you get his estimate.
CHAS. LEVY & CO.. pay highest prtc* for fur-
niture, carpets, etc. 7S2 Mlsaion:teLBush 313.
rUTAITCIAX..
MONEY to loan on Oakland and Alarned*
realty. A. F. .ST. SURE, Attorney. Call bid.
BONDS placed; low Interest; electrta R. R.
financed. JA3. B. GORDON. Crossley bMg.
TTPT.T WANTED — rSMALS.
WANTED^ — A youns; woman «f some maturity I
must be qnlck and ace-rat* wits figures, and
a _ood penman, to perform elerlcal work la
tea department; salary $33. with suitable In-
crease after one year If proving satisfactory!
hours from 8: SO to 12 and 1 to 8:20; pleas*
apply by letter In own handwriting and give
particulars about previous experience: stats
age; do not call In person; If your appli-
cation Impresses us favorably you will be so
Informed. Address A. SCHILLING & CO..
Second and Folsom sts.
WANTED — Girls to learn halrdresslag.
manicuring etc. : trade tausht from A to Z
in 2 weeks; tuition $5 to those entering now.
three positions to fill Immediately: positions
guaranteed at $10 per week up: Uadin*
school In West 233 Geary at. room 13.
A GIRLS to learn mllMnery now for fall sea-
son: both seasons taught from start to flnls'a
tE. ono month for $13: positions aa trimmers,
salesladies, etc.. guaranteed at $10 jxr wk.up;
day and ev»nlns alass. 143 Stockton st. r. li
Hatrdesslng. manicuring, massage, scalp treat-
ment, hatr work, removal superfluous hair; $3
2 wlcs.; day. eve. clase: positions secured: all .
parlor work at reduced prices. ia*» Powell.
WOMEN and girls to work en fruit: clean,
healthy place: positively higher wages paid
than at any ether cannery. Code-Portwood
Canning Co.. Tenth and E.-yaat su.
EXPERIENCED NEGLIGEE OVERSHIRT
OPERATORS ON FRONTS AND SLEEVES.
STANDARD FACTORY. COR. GOCGH
AND GROVE STS.
13OY3 and girl*, send stamp for fast seller.
Western Syndicate. 7C0 Fowell t-THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, - SUNDAY, AUGUST ill, 1004.
45
HOUSES TO LET- rUKSISHEP. j
A — HANDSOMELY furnished .residence of
about 18 rooms, with baths, on Van Nesa
ave: sunny corner: large grounds; steble fa-
cilities If desired; lease for one year, or
longer. SPECK & CO.. 200 Montgomery st.
BEAUTIFUL RESIDENCE. "XOB HILL."
. FURNISHED.
To let for one jxar; owner to room and board
with family. Apply at 819 California St.. or
room "4., 4C5 Montgomery st. /
$75 TAKES nicely furnished cottage. 3 rooms;
rent 510; near Thirtieth and Mission sts. Box
46U9, Call office.
SMALL cottage by the ocean: nicely finished.
1.'154 Forty-eighth ave., S. F. _
COMPLETELY furnished modern house. 8
rooms, with nice garden. - .20C5 Washington. |
BASEMENTS TO LEI_/-
FINE dry basement, suitable for storage; slde-
walk elevator; 30x103. CSO Valencia at.
__ nTVAIjp CHAIB9.
tCLD. rented, exchanged; manufacturers of
Kernes tricycle chair. 201* Mkt.: tel.Park 775.
LOST APS gQUWP.
$50 REWARD for information that will l»td
to the arrest and conviction of party or par-
ties that stole the ten-ton marine boilers
from the lot cor. Howard and Beale . sts..
S. F. H. S. WHITE MACHINERY CO.. ISO
Beale *t. .
LOST-rA pass book with the Hlbernla Sav-
ings and Loan Society of San Francisco In
the name of GEORGIA W. M'CLUBKEY.
No 282,282: the finder wHl please return
- to bank.
LOST — Friday evening, lady's solitaire dia-
mond ring. Tiffany setting, on Laguna st.
or in Jefferson Square ; valued as gift. Lib-
eral reward at 1418 Geary st.
LOST— A pass book with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco. In the
name of CATHERINE DESMOND. No. 180-
b'27. The tinder will please return to bank.
LOST — Dog, pointer and coach, license No.
27C8; marked black and white; one black
ear and black eye. Return to 31 Fifth st.
and receive reward.
LOST — Gold watch, from Twenty-fifth and
Guerrero to Nineteenth: keepsake. Finder
return to 332 San Jose ave., receive reward.
LOST — Red wallet, containing papers and stock
certificate; reward return 522 Crossley bldg.
LOST — A lady's gold watch, on Market St.,
bet. 6th and Sth. Return to 11S2 Valencia.
LOST — One perforated tin hat "ad" elgn. Re-
turn to 423 Sutter St.; suitable reward.
LOST — Sliver heart locket. August 19. Re-
turn 3915 Sacramento st.; reward.
LOST— On<» certificate of tee Independent Red
Men's Hall Association of ten shares (No.
007), Issued in favor of Jos. Melczer; all per-
sons are cautioned against negotiating for
the same, as transfer has been stopped. C.
G. BOLSDCRFF. Sec, 108 Fourth St.
LOST — All of our competitors; reduction In
prices and quality of stock did it. SHIBELEY;
THE FLORIST, 311 Sutter St.. phone Grant.
107; 1204 Sutter 8t.. phone East 817.
LOST — Aur. IS, pearl handle to opera glasses.
Return to 161 First st.; reward.
x,att:nch£s.foii hike.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH Coi. foot of Clay
St.; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
J. Mlchaells Launch Co., Unlon-st. Wharf ; boat-
ing Sc excursions. 5 Steuart st. :tel. John 2SS8.
MATTKESSES AHD PILLOWS.
TO order;renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process); excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKE
BROS.. iy:2-34 Howard st.; phone South 216.
MATRIMONIAL.
A WIDOWER of 47, of fine appearance, good
position and some means, wishes the ac-
quaintance of a widow; object matrimony.
Address box 3477. Call office.
A LADY having her own furniture of 14 rooms
and lodging house wishes the acquaintance
of a ccod home man; object matrimony.
Box 4:m»0, Call office.
A SEA captain, 47 years old, who Is going
to settle down on land, wants. the acquaint-
ance of a lady; object matrimony. Box 4601,
Call office.
A MECHANIC. 31 years old. good position.
employed steadily, wishes to correspond with
. a lady; object matrimony. Box 4013. Call.
BACHELOR, 43 years old. likes home, would
• like to, correspond with a lady; object, matri-
mony. Box 33U3. Call office.
WIDOW of 28 with means and ability, desires
to meet gentleman with money; object matri-
mony. Box -IMii, Call office.
MEDIC AIi.
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relief
from Irregularities consult me; my methods
are painless and reliable; no failures; no ex-
orbitant fees. CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE; 17 years' experience In all fe-
' male disorders; call or write. DR. WHITE,
702 Market St.. rooms 7 and 8.
LADIES — If you are in trouble, confide In me.
Relief for irregularities. Help for the un-
fortunate. My time Is devoted exclusively to
these conditions. I'm the only GRADUATE
physician here who can say this. Call or
write. Conndentlal. Est. 14 yrs. DR. R H.
WESTON. otflce 303 KEARNY ST.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints and lrrec"j!arUie«j instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. 826 Fost st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe^
male troubles and irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1OOS46 Market St., opp. 5th.
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pills
sold; price ?2 00 by express. Pasteur's syr-
inge and tablets; price $5. By express only
on receipt Of price. OSGOOD BROTHERS,
wholesale druggists. Seventh and Broadway,
Oakland.
DR^G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected: the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office 1018 Market st.
DR. and Mrs. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
. original method cf treatment. 1126 Market.
MRS. DR. GWYER. 511A Leavenworth St.. be-
tween Geary and O'Farrell.
LADIES — Kumround: safe. sure, never falls;
$2. Gle^Bon-RuggleB Drug Co.. Kearny A- Clay.
DR. ROSEN resides 2905 Folsom St.. corner
2Bth: ladies, relief or no fee: $10.
MI1IES AND aXXZTUTG.
WANTFU — White clays, near San Francisco;
must be free irom iron; can tind purchaser
, for large deposit. Address O. T. ZAUN, 238
lirsdbury building. Lcs Anseles.
DISCRIMINATING investor can secure 10CO
shares In bast mine In Kern County; must
sell to realize; price nominal. Box 4723,
Call office.
WANTED — Equipped and paying gold and cop-
per mines for the Continent of Europe. In-
qulre rooma 551-'J Parrott building.
LIINIITG ANJ) ASSAYING.
$13,OCO WANTED— First mortgage; brick thea- .
* ter; business block; sood leases; 10 per cent ]
Interest. HAYES, owner, Napa. - j
MISCELI.AI7XOU3— -TOB SAXB?
14 IN*, by « ft. ecrew-cutting lathe $75
0 H. P. gasoline engine, complete .$175:
8 H. P. gasoline engine, complete .$225,
2 11. P. marine gasoline engine $!M) •
HO In. return tubular boiler, etc $150
2.48 In. by 16 ft. boilers, all complete, in- 1
dividual drums and fronts. HarUord Ir.s. \
Co. test, 110 pounds working pressure.. 9$00 i
Complete laundry plant, cheap. j
Complete pumping plant. $100 to ?80CO :
Complete elrctrlu light plant JJ100 to jttCOO !
A big lot of pipe; all sizes; all prices. See j
me last.
H.' 8. WHITE, 2nd-hand machinery, 1.10;
Beale Rt. i
•ju-HAND machinery, tnz'.nts. boilers, pursps. I
pulls}*, shafting, etc., etc.. bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday paper*.
II. 3. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beaie «t. j
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN- i
TOSH ft WOLPMAN. 1951K7 Fremont st.
FOR SALE — New gasoline launch "Charlott I
A." fully equipped for business; 45 feet over
all. 0-foot beam; now at Unlon-st. wharf,
San Francteco. ' Call ¦ or address CAPT. M.
B. MILLER. 13U, Grove St., San Francisco.'
DOEd YOUR ROOF LEAK? '
Repair it with elaterlte, In rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
iron, tin or shingles ; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market St.
¦ ¦ I
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear ' machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-2SB Spear at.
TWO first-clkss sewing machines cheap for
rash or exchange. G. R. FQRMAN, room
14, 1C01 Bush st.
¦
DIAMONDS and Jewelry on small weekly or
monthly payments. DEREMER'S, 137 Moat.
gomery Bt.. room 12. upstairs.
GENTS' full cress. Prince Albert and Tuxedo
suits to rent at LICHTENSTEIN BROS., M
Stockton *L ¦-
J^^P^AJBTTED— -aiAXa--Coatlan«a u I
OPEN TO-DAY. j
SUNDAY, .s TO 1^ A. M. - ]
A— MURKAY A: READY. UJ4-«iUti Clay st.
Phone Main 0&1S. ,
leading Employment and Labor Agents.
W e speak the German. French, Italian, \
Scandinavian. Greek, Spanish, Slavonian and j
uanish languages.
lyus \\ e Gave 1904 We Hone to
W.UCO Men Work. Increase «W,U0o. I
He has arrived. Now at our office. 1
Hepresentailve of the United States
Government work being done cloee '
to Wadu worth. In State of Nevada. |
CoEt only $1 olflxe ice. See boss. |
Muckers. ?75. See boas, j
leamfitcrs, HZ. See boEB.
Laborers, f7i. bee boss. I
ljriilert, J^U. See boss.
Concrete xiiUers, $75. See boss, i
- • «
FOR LUMBER SYNDICATE.
MILLS, WOODS AND FAC'lOUlES. I
45 laborers for mills and yards, $uu.
NO EXPERIENCE WANTED. j
C3 laborers tor wootis and camxis, St'O. !
YOU'LL SUIT; TAKE IT. j i
153 laborers to build extension of R. R. for
this lumbtr i-umpany In woods $*W. '
ANY LAMOKEU WILL DO.
CO men, do anything, box factories $60.
STEADY JOB YEAR UOUNDl
45 boys, different, easy jobs. mill», $30 fd. !
PREPARING L. R. It. ,
C5 laborers to repair R. it. in woods. $07 &0. '
MECHANICAL.
4 bench hands, planing mill, $3 &0 di-.y. i
11! toowrs. 10c barrel. \
Head lineman, woods, $73. :
8 sood iron uiolders, ettaay. good Jobs. '
TLNSM1TH. $J 50. |
1- carpenters, different city and country Jobs, I
$3 to $4 day.
6 painters, houne work, city Job $3 day.
HODCARRIER, $3 50. !
6 blacktmlths. different Jobs, $3. $2 50 day.
MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Clay St.
Ai— ¦ GOLD MINES.
16 machine miners. $*i and $62 50.
YOUNG MEN LEARN' MINING.
12 young m»n to work about mines, $30 fd.
FARMS— STABLES. i
10 men for farms, 530, $35, $45 found. '
5 stablemen, city and country. *K> to *W fd. j
Milkers, ChorsboyE and men, other help. :
OIL FIELDS. ¦
12 laborers, experience not wanted, $G7 50. ;
TEAMSTERS AND LABORERS.
16 teamsters, different city and country Jobs, j
$60. ;
IS laborers, different city and country Jobs,
too. |
12 plow teamstTS. construction work, $67 50. !
MONTEREY BY THE SEA.
15 laborers, can you handle a 6hovel? $67 50. '
BANKING SYNDICATE.
S5 laborers, special R. R. car to-day, $67 50.
MURRAY & READY, i
C34-(U<! Clay ft.' \
A— HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
13 cooks and B. H. cooks. ?:«. $40, $50. $«0.
4 cooks for ranches, $20, $30. $.15 found.
5 cooks, hayprees camps. $25. $30. $35 found.
DISHWASHERS. PORTERS. BELL AND
ELEVATOR BOYS.
12 waiters, different city and country Jobs, j
$30, $40. i
LAUNDRY.
Ironer. country laundry. $15 week.
2 starch Ironers, country, *12 week.
MURRAY & READY. 634-036 Clay St. •
HBLP WAITXCP— MAI.Z— Oontiaped.
Man to shovel coal. 15c fare, $2 50 day'.'
. ENGINEER.
Knsinaer, lumber company, fare $3, $13 fd.
Crosscut sawyer, lumber co., $50 fd.
Chuck tender, American, $2 day fd.
Dairyman, milk and make butter, 15 cows,
f-5 Id. ;
LOOK.
Oyttfrmon, fare H'c ?3<» found.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and C36 Clay st.
A— TYPEWRITER, our office; call 11 a. m.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
COMPETENT MACHINIST TO ADJUST AND
RKPA1R SEWING MACHINES. STAND-
ARD FACTORY. CORNER GOUGH AND
GROVU STS.
WANTED — Bright, active young man can se-
cure high-class poeltlo'h with Mexican min-
ing company; 'city work; opportunity for
big money to right party of .good standing.
Call 75i» ::ill3 st.. room 112.
FIVE gentlemen to act as submanagers for
the Pacific Mutual Life; confidential inter-
views given. Department State superintend-
ent, room 32. 7th floor. Homo Office bldg.;
call mornlnss.
WANTED— Experienced stock clerk to set up
toy v.agone; |HTtnanent position; state for-
mer situation and salary. Box 4591, Call.
WANTED — A pmart business man to call on
all business houses for trade. Box 4959,
Call office.
WANTED— A young roan, experienced tales-
man In the drapery department. Call at
STRAUES & FROHMAN'S. 107-108 Post St.
WANTED — 400 mej* and boys to buy their
watches and clocks at the Milton jewelry
Co.. 257 Sixth st.
2 GORDON and one cylinder press feeders;
steady employment. 113 Davis et., printing
office.
YOUNG man, about 18 years old, energetic
with kind manners, willing to .become sales-
man In Ececial branch. Box 4912, Call.
"WANTED — Boys from 14 to 15 years of age.
Apply between 9 and 11 a, m. at HALB
BROS." '
TAILORS — Coatmakers wanted for the coun-
try. ARNSTEIN, SIMON & CO., Market
and Second gts. ¦ _^
WANTED— Lady or gentleman to learn pho-
tography; splendid opportunity offered; call
at once. JtOS Twelfth St., Oakland.
TEAM to haul lumber from cars. Call at
Bfkins Van nnd Storage Co., lClU Broadway,
Oakland.
DISHWASHER wanted; one who can wait on
table. 104 First st.
BUYERS wanted to buy U.CCO bottles of 500
port wine at 25c a bottle. 517 California st.
WANTED — Good Jaoanese boy for store. Ap-
ply 300 Fell st.
FIRST-CLASS clothing salesman. Box 4813,
Call office.
WANTElCfJroMry clerk.' STAGER BROS.,
Oak and Franklin sts.
A— GO TO
Lcs Angeles, San Bernardino, j
Highland, Pomona, Redlands,
Riverside District*.
Center of the creat orange and lemon belt,
where the sun shines year round; any man
can work every day.
Teamsters wanted, you'll suit, $60.
FARE ONLY ?4 60. ! BY SANTA FE R. R. '
MURRAY & READY, C34-630 Clay st.
A— ITS NEW. ITS NEW. ITS NEW, I
WORK.
155 Italian laborers. $60. I
165 A"etrian laborers, ?60.
MURRAY & READY. «34-630 Clay st. |
A— CARPENTERS.
Ganif edrerman. $fi5 to frt<> found. i
65 woodchcpr>er» different lobn, $1 75 cord, j
5 IRON MOLDERS.
2 brushmakers. *1 to $1 20 per M.
GOLD MINE BOSS HERE.
4 machine miners. $«f2 .V».
FOREMAN BITUMEN WORK.
Bench hand, planlnjt-mlll. fare $1. $3 60 day. ;
MURRAY & READY. t31-<>30 Clay St.
JACK screwer for woods. M0 found.
GANG EDGERMAN. $100.
10 laborers. Mg mine co., you'll do. $82 50.
TWO BELL BOTS. $1« FOUND.
MURRAY & BEADY. <«4 and C3G Clay st.
A— 10 laborers, special Job to-day, $67 50.
LOOK!
Man. drive butcher waeon. fare fl : $25 fd.
MURRAY & READY. 034 and 630 Clay et. I
THESE
Cam* on Midnight Mall. Phone, Telegraph.
Every Lln» Read
¦ Carefully.
STABLES— BLACKSMITH SHOPS.
LUMBER.
Donkey foreman, rnlpe logs, cut brush, $50 fd. i
EXTRA SPECIALS.
6 laborers, city, board home. $2 25 day. J
Old or middle aged man, keep books, answer |
phone. ;
BUTCHERS.
Butcher, slaughter-house work, fare $3.$4O fd.
Batcher, shoD work, fare 50c. $30 fd.
GOLD QUARTZ MINE. [
12 muckers, laborers will do, $67 60.
3 tlmbermen, aold quartz mine. ?0O. :
5 experienced placer miners., boss here.?S2 50. i
r. small boys, llKht work. city. 7Bc to $1 day. ,
Wood turner, city job, $3 50 day.
0 farm hands, same ranch, north, $30 found.
Baker's helper on bread. $7 week found. ]
LOOK. ]
Families for nrune and grape picking, $1 50
to ?2 60 per ton.
AGAIN.
4 machine miners. $»0.
MURRAY & READY. C34-630 Clay st. I
— I
CAW YOU FILL THESE?
Stableman, 10 horses, also drive, special Job,
?2 d*y. .
Tool eharpener for a mine, boss here. $3 day.
Spool tender, lumber co., fare $2, $35 fd..
Woodworker, pine furniture, city job. $2 day. j
HARNESS-MAKER, CAMP. $35 fd. i
FRUIT PICKERS: THATS YOU.
18 fruit pickers, different Jobs. $30 fd. ;
EXTRA GOOD- JOBS. !
2 boys, easy, good Job. you'll suit, fO week, j
ONE BIO RANCH. :
15 ranch hands, steady Jobs, 2 and 4 horses,
$30 and lound.
BUTCHERS.
Butcher, far* Rflc., *hoi> and wagon, $55 fd.
SEE US QUICK.
Dishwasher, ¦ sawmill camp, $25 and found.
'MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
NEAR SAN FRANCISCO. 25c. fare.
16 two and four hon>e teamsters. $00 to $07 50
FOR A COMMERCIAL BANK.
Tesmrter*. fare ?1. take It, $32 50 found.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 633 Clay st.
GOLD QUARTZ MINE.
BOSS AT OUR OFFICE TO-DA7. SEE HIM.
6 machine miners. »82 50, $30. i
fl chuck tenders, ¦ *75. !
8 h»n4 miners. $75. j
3 tlmbermen. ?S2 50.
3 tlmbermen's helpers. $75.
Good board, beds, rooms, baths and reading-
room. $V2 50 month. NO BLANKET3
WANTED.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and G36 Clay st.
RAILROAD COMPANY. ~~
OWN SECTION AND TRACK WORK.
25 laborer*, we advise you to take It; $G0.
General manager here..
MURRAY & READY. C34 and 038 Clay st
MILK wagon driver, 10c fare. $35 found. I
Hostler, city, extra good stable, city. $00. I
LOOK.
Foreman, city factory, make tables, etc., $3
day. - ..;¦
YOU'LL SUIT.
4 laborers, placer mine, you'll «ult. fare re-
funJed after 30 days' work. $S2 50.
MUST CALL EARLY.
3 waiters, same hotel, fare $1 GO, $35 found.
• 2 waiters. No. 1 hotel. ?3O found.
SPECIAL.
Blacksmith, north, fare paid, $3 day.
MURRAY & READY, C34-63G Clay st.
BAKERS, ETC.
Foreman baker, see us, $25 week.
Confectioner, see us, ?20 week.
4 bench hands, see us. ?17 week.
Baker's helper on cakes. 10c fare, $7 week.
Pantry dUhwarher. first-class hotel, $25 fd.
Baker, eouthern town, extra good Job, $S to
$10 week.
2 waiters, tame commercial hotel, south, $30
and found.
Walter. Fresno County, fare $3 75, 140 fd.
3d cook, springs hotel, fare $l.C0, $50 fd.
Driver, city grocery firm, also tend store,
$8 to $10 week.
TIMEKEEPER.
Young ir.an, large vineyard, boss here, $40
found.
Eoy, collect tickets, city amusement house,
fo week.
Roy, paint shop, rpeclal Job, $5 week.
Boy, tend grocery store, live home, $5 week.
MECHANICAL. . , ;
Sewing machine operator, experienced In shoe
business, 25c fare, $2 day.
Farmer and wife, fare (2 CO, easy, good Job,
$43 and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634-036 Clay st.
FREE FARE. ,
25 laborer*. SI 70 day.
ONLY $1 OFFICE FEE
2« miles away. 6. F. R. R. own work.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 630 Clay st.
TOGETHER.
First cook, $65. reeond cook, $35 fd.
Dishwasher. $30 fd: 2 waiters. S30 fd.
SAME COUNTRY HOTEL. |
Blacksmith helper, tack on shoes, fare $1 "5
flO week. T * r
Man. some experience, carriage painting '
?35 found. I
Toung man. drive Icecream wason, $S week '
2 young men. collect tickets city theater' I
$9 and $5 week.
Teamster, city Job, «and wagon. $2 60 day.
Man to Itfirn charcoal; contract '
WANTED— A Jap at 34 Ellis *t.
WANTED— Stock clerk. Box 4860. Call office.
WANTED — Cook. CARL MACKERT, 008
Harrison fit.
WANTED — Experienced young man as Jewelry
ealcsman. Address box 4638, Call Office.
MAN to pick rags- * 329 Ninth st.
WANTED — To sell agency for the mystlo
tube. 1178 Market ct.
DETECTIVES everywhere; good salary; nt> ex-
jerlenc?. Intl. Detective Agcy.,Mllwaukee,\Vl»
BOY wanted. 642 Market st.. city. *
BARBER, shop for pal* on account of other
business. 1S&5 Mission et.
BARBER 3-chalr shop for sale; $75; worth
?150; rca>on sickness. Box 4793, Call.
MEN and women learn the barber trade;
wages paid while learning. HAIGHT'S,
1>47 Commercial st. ""
WANTED— A plumber's helper. Call at 135
Third st., between 8 and 0 o'clock.
MAN to pick rags. 383 Ninth st.
WANTED — Al flrrt-clasa stock cutter. Palo
Alto Planing Mill.
YOUNG boy wanted in wood-turning shop.
Apply 259 First st. - - „
MAN for light work: collect; steady employ-
ment. Call HIS Market st., room 1.
WANTED — Df-ntlbt; a good, all-round man for
advertising office. Box 4904. Call office.
WANTED — First-class hotel clerk; must have
experience. Box 4Sf?<$. Call office.
FOUR first-ciaya amateur violinists; church
orchestra. DANIELS, 308 Post st. .
BOY wanted for grocery store. Apply at 1302
Polk st.
EXPERIENCED plumber wants steady work.
Box 1. Call office.
BOY wanted. CALIFORNIA CANNERY.
WANTED— Jewelers at 17 Lick pi.. Lick
House.
A NICE small barber *hop, with 4 living
rooms and yard. 3133 Sixteenth st.
•WANTED — Markers and distributors. Apply
1445 Broadway. Oakland.
TRAVELING salesman for country- Box 11,
Call office.
WANTED — Barber; steady. 34 Montgomery st.
YOUNG man, over 1«; apply Sunday. Califor-
nia. Watchmaking School. 723 Market st.
FOREMAN and shaper hand in planing mill;
call Sunday or Monday. 1002 Golden Gate av.
GOVERNMENT "positions— More than 15.000
appointments last year; chances even better
now; examinations soon In San Francisco:
circular J-l giving list of positions, salaries
examinations, snmple questions, etc, aent
free. National Correspondence Institute Pa-
cific Coast Office, 027 Market St., S. V.
TRUSTWORTHY man to manage branch for
large manufacturing concern; $150 per month
and commission: applicant must furnish ref-
erences and $1800 to $2500. Address Man-
ager. 323 W. Twelfth st- Chicago.
BOOKKEEPER wanted; In city office; state
experience, salary exoected (which must be
moderate) and references. Address MANU-
FACTURER. Box 4742, Call office.
TRY our men's shoes, union made; $1 & $1 CO
pair; foot-form shoes. $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d St., Exm. bld.;open till 9 p. m.
A MAN of Indomitable energy and push, a
gocd talker eager to make money. F. PER.
SON, 477 and 478. Parrott building.
BARBER for Saturday. 505 Fourteenth st.,
Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS buehelman wanted. M. J. KEL-
LER CO., Oakland.
MAN to run cylinder bag press. Apply at
once, AMES & HARRIS, 100 Sacramento st.
WANTED^-Flrst-cIass sticker hand; union
shop. Palo Alto Planing Mill, Palo Alto, Cal.
ADVERTISER wanted — Young man of college
education who has taken a special course In
English; one who Is familiar with dry goods
preferred. Apply between 9 and 11 a. m at
HALE BROS.'
WAN1ED — Young man for office work; must
be a good mathematician and penman. Ap-
ply between 0 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
AN experienced estimator and foreman for
planing mill. For particulars, box 1325.
Call office. Oakland. .
FOR rent — Room suitable for barber shop at
Third and Minna, Inquire of butcher.
MEN to learn barber trade; onty eight weeks
required; constant practice and expert In-
struction; ocsttiona secured; special induce-
ments this month; catalogue mailed free.
Meier System College, 635 Clay st.
WANTED — Men and boys 16. learn plumbing
trade; Coyne Bros. Co. School of Practical
Plumbing: send for catalogue. Address 4673-5
Kaston ave., St. Lou'.a, Mo.
WANTED — Educated gentleman who has good
knowledge of encyclopedia work; salary $1000
per year with additional bonus; first-class
references required. Box 3029, Call. office.
WANTED— Men and women to prepare for
Government positions. Apply far free eats-
¦ logue giving particulars. Pacific Correspond-
ence Institute. Grant bide, 1095 Market at.
WANTED — Laborers 'and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, has
added' 100 new rooms 'to the Denver House
217 Third et: 250 rooms; 25c to 60c per night.
WANTED — Young man to learn barber trade •
wages paid while , learning. 741A Howard.
BRICKLAYERS wanted to point terra cotta.
Fairmont Hotel.
LABOR debta collected; eults, • attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co.. 328 Mont»y.,r. 415.
SAILORS and young men (green hands) for
ahlsa, IIALL.BERT. 517 Jacksou fc*.
MISCEI.T J AyEOTJ3— T OB , BAgE— Con. |
— Fine, large English runts, hen
pigeons and. crosses for eale; also Polish
lynx; prices reasonable for good stock. £k>x
4838. Call office.
J. COOPER, gents' full-dress rental parlors,
moved from Palace Hotel to 21 StocXtcn st.,
upttalm. - • ~: -. ¦ - .
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 5O pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 SO; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st.. Kxam. bid.: catalog free.
FOR sale — Two black cocker dogs, 5 months
old; pedigreed; prize stock. TEASEL.
DOWN'S Kennel. 278 S. 7th st.. San Jose.
FOR sale — Pair of sorrel horses, 17. hands high
and weigh about 120O lbs each. Apply' US
Market st.
TWO thoroughbred roosters, speckled lang-
shan and black mlnorca, $4 for pair. --ii>
Steuart st.. Berkeley.
CASH register; cheap; in perfect order; can ;
be had on easy terms. OSCAR HEYMAN, !
14 Peat st. *
FRESH family cow for sale. SAM AFTER-
¦ GUT, 4301 'Mission^ St., cor. Silver ave.,
phono White 1036. j
YOUNG, gentle driving billy goat for sale;
also runt pigeons. &403 Telegraph ave., Oak-
land.
FOR sale — Engine and boiler on wheels; can
use belt or cable; fine condition; cheap. 150 1
Seventh st.. Oakland.
TYPEWRITER, Smith Premier No. 4; only
used 3 weeks; . cheap. 2123 Center bt.,
Berkeley.
«30— THOROUGHBRED Jersey cow; young,
gentle; rich milk. 1190 67th St., Oakland.
A FINE lorgnette chain, with 12 diamonds; a
bargain. 10 Sixth st.
A FEW choice Angora kittens; pedlgfeed; prize
win, stock. 1225 Wlllard. Phone Page 5201.
BEAUTIFUL thoroughbred English spaniel male '
puna; 7 wks.old; $7.50 and $10. 2137 H Mission. I
HIGHLY bred 18-months-old heifer for sale.
Apply 407 Eureka st.
ALL first-class pigeons at Glenmore Pigeon j
Lofts, Fourth and Jones ave., Elrnhum.
$3— SINGER Sewing Machine for sale; In nice
condition. tXS Ellis st.
GREAT . Dane pups, $2 50 apiece. 3976 |
Twenty-third street.
GALV. chimney tops and wash trays In stock.
THOS. SHIELDS, 543 Mission st.
TWO well bred nicely marked fox terrier pup-
pies. ft+2 Fclsorn st.
,FOR sale^ — Gu enrlne, 6 h. p. BAY CITY
IRON WORKS, Oakland.
YOUNG canary birds for sale; good singers.
254 Noe st.
GAS range for sale cheap. 713 Union st.
TWO well bred nicely marked fox terriers pup-
pies: female. 042 Folsom St.
SMALL wine machine and pree9 for sale or
exchange for press only. 14&4 Valencia st.
FOR sale— Hen pigeons and runts; bargain.
18 North First st.. San Jose, Cal.
A $50 CARD machine for $15: showcase. 5x2.
for $8. J. L. 8CHEPER, northwest corner
Polk and Clay sts.
FOR sale — Spitz dog. 3 months old; price $5.
Apply 130 Mateo st.. city.
NEW stove; a bargain. 253 Sixth st.; alter-
noon.
FLEAS — Formula to get rid of fleas; send 10s !
by mall. Box 4093. Call. ;
A FIRST-CLASS Invalid's chair for sale. Ap-
ply at stable, IS Clay st.
FOR SALE — Genuine water spaniel puppies at |
426 Natoma st. CHARLES COLEMAN.
FOR SALE — Fresh voung Jersey cow and
heifer calf. 111O Sixty-sixth st.. Oakland.
DOMESTIC sewing machines your own price.
1571 Market St.. near Twelfth. *
GOOD Durham cow; rich milk; for sale very
cheap. 3917 Twenty-sixth St., near Church.
FOR SALE — Cheap, complete butcher shop out-
fit and refrigerator. 517 Gough st.
PROUTY hair press (12x18 chaae): excellent
condition; bargain. Box 4S65, Call office.
FOR sale — second-hand counter and shelving.
Inquire 11SS Twenty-third ave.. East Oakland
: FOR sale — Cheap lot asbestos. 731 Brannan
street.
BARGAIN— A billiard table and outfit com-
i plete, <50. 155 Seventh st,
WANTED — Cheap restaurant. Box 0, Call
office. j
FOR sale — Second-hand organ. 1318 Guerrero I
street.
ROOMS papered; $4 up; tinting," painting.
. Hartmann Paint Co., 310 Third. ;teI.Maln 413.
NEERGAARD Cosmetic Co.. 242 Post St.. half
price for Dr. Neerzaaxd'a depilatory.
2D-HAND bulld'g material, lumber.doors.saah.
plumb, material. The Dolan Co.. 1607 Market.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. 807 Mission at.: ter South 811.
BEAUTIFUL 1-karat diamond ring $S0; worth
$100. GARIN 139 Montgomery at.
FOR s«le— First-class new bricks. Apply DK.
C. C O'DONNELL. 1021ft Market st.
SAFES and cash registers, new and. second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1320 Market st.
EAFES and desks: new and second-hand : prices
right at Richardson Bros.'. lSlfl Market st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard * Breck. 131 Poet at,
SOME good 2d-hand gasoline engines, 1 to 13
h. p.. cheap. E. B. BECK & CO.. 122 Mkt.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery at.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all tlzes. J. E. DOAK. 48 Fremont at.
aPBOBXEAlfEOTra WAHTS.
WANTED — Second-hand, good condition.
2o-ln.xlO-ft. back-geared, screw-cutting lathe,
id-in. by 8-ft. ditto.
14-in. by «-ft. ditto.
21-ln drill preys emery grinder.
Auto, back-saw mach. 15-ln. crank shaper.
Box ?. Call office.
SECOND-HAND machinery, boilers, boats,
automobiles, gas engines, pipe lines, or any
kind of iron work of all descriptions. If It's
made at metal see or write H. S. WHITE
MACHINERY CO.. 130 lleale »'..
WANTED — Second-hand stereoptlcon views,
plain colored: also optlcon or kinetoscope
and moving picture films. Box 45SS. Call.
BIG prices paid for old gold, sealskins, .dia-
monds, gents' full dr*«s suits, etc.: send
postal card. LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. S3
Stockton st.
BARREL of money paid for old gold Jewelry;
all assaying half-price; promptness, accuracy.
Pioneer Assaying Co.. 157 New Montgomery.
SMALL cash register;- also modern candy
showcase: high: B feet long and nickel pre-
ferred. Box 4C27. Call office. •
WANTED — A team of Shetland ponies; must
be sound, gentle and well broken. Box 1323,
Call office. Oakland.
WANTED— Buyers for "Veil of IsIs"; 1 dime.
Book Concern. SCO Van Ness ave.
TO buy small lathe. REYNOLDS. 4C0 Noe et.
WANTED— Second-hand hammocks. Box 47CO,
Call office.
WANTED — Good second-hand typewriter;
cheap. 417 Tw*nty-seventh st.
WANTED — Black cocker spaniel, about 8
weeks old; give price. Box 4375, Call office.
WANTED — Upright piano; standard make;
good condition. Bos 4900, Call otflce.
BARN wanted: 7 stalls and room for three
wagon*. Apply 3 Eddy at., room C.
WANTED — A second-hand typewriter, cheap.
Box 4613. Call office. •
WANTED— Buezy and harness in good con-
dition; must be cheap. Box 47CO. Call.
WANTED^-Cablnet stock cutter. 833 Folsom
street.
WANTED — A second-hand piano. Address
box 4744. Call otflce.
WANTED — Baby grand piano, second-hand. In
good condition. Address box 4745. Call.
: LADY wants to buy coupons of Scotch Oats
"letter T." Address box 49C0, Call office.
SECOND-HAND Kragen couch; state ccndttlon
and price. | Address 128A Twelfth st.
WANTED — Second-hand auto bicycle; must be
In good condition. J. W. SILVA. Alameda.
HIGHEST price paid for castoff clothing. Tel.
Davis 825; 650 Sacramento st.
TILTOJT wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical roods. 154 flth St.; tel. Je«sU sssi.
PATENTS.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
to.-ae*-at-law. 6 Hofcaxt bldf .. 522 Maxkit *t,
iiorarg go ; nn __
A AA— HERMAN MURPHY.
eOl-CCJ-CCa Kxamlner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments^
Save exoenses by <> niinir directly.
Estates, second mortgages, untlividod Inter-
ests; assignments of rents: prop-rty in-trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates ana undivided in-
terests la property purchased.
Ccurteou3 treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Mccey
See HERMAN MURPHY. __^
WILL LOAN "
A reasonable amount on
1st. I'd or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, In city, town
cr country.
Low rate of interest.
Give full particulars
of property cr chattels.
Location, etc.
Box 4OO. Call office. ¦¦? -¦•' ;
SALARY LOAN'S^ — —
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one confidential and courteous treatment:
call and set terms. Drake. 4X1 Parrott bld«.
A — ON furniture or p!acos at lowest rates: no
rtmoval; no publicity: also on real estate:
- 1st or 2nd mortgage or on any security: any
amount. O. W. BECKER. 3«S Geary, room 36.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds Jewelry, at '¦
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store.
S46 Market: tel. Main 1KJ4. Branch 1» Third.
MONKY loaned en diamonds, jewelry, sealskins
and valuables:' our fireproof vault Is protected
from burslarlea by electricity. PORTLAND
LOAN OFFICE. 23 Ctocitton; phone Bush 484.
MONEY leaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security: easy payments; large business In 46
principal cities Toiman. C53 Parrott bid*.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. flO7 Market St.
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.0CO.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity: $25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 2tJ Montgomery st., nn.21.
MONEY to loan at low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
CRESCENT Loan Co. loans to salaried p«opl«
Just on their note; easy payments. 500 Rlal-
to bldg.. New Montgomery and Mission sts.
PRIVATE— Money loaned on salaries without
security, diamonds or chattels; no Tee: no
com. Caf. Loan. Co.. 526 Parrot t bldg.
MONEY loaned on salaries, chattel mortgages,
life Insurance policies, etc. United Lean and
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton st.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture. Indorsed notes and other security. S.
F. Discount Ageccy. 143 Phelan bulM!n».
DON'T borrow money on salary until you se«
U9. Hutton Credit Co.. 006 Mutual Bank bldg.
LOANS to salaried p«ople privately without s«-
curlty. PIONEER CO.. 819 Market st..3ulte 31.
ON real estate end chattels. E. W. LICK."
1003 Mutual Sav. Bank bldg.. 70S Market st.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 311. Mutual 8a.v. Bk. bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. a. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 538 Kearny.
3 % ON furniture & pianos; $15 up: no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81, 6 Eddy st.
CASH leaned salaried people on notes without
lndorser. MORELL. 6C& Examiner building.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly CalC
18 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
MONEY WANTCS.
$500 TO put Into Alame<1a real estate: satisfac-
tory references; good Interest. Box 451<S.
Call office.
$2C00 AT « per cent: first mortgage security;
no agents. Box 4071. Call office.
MUSICAIt fg?S'^7?yg?^8«
HEADQUARTERS for renting planoa — Little
pianos for small rooms, medium size for
average rooma. big pittnos fcr large parlors,
halls, etc.: pianos for rent at $1 per mo.,
some at $2. a large number of good cnei at
$2 50 per mo. : cur own make pianos at $3
per mo. (the best Instrument offered for the
money In 9. F.); a fine line of elegant large
pianos for $4 and $5 per mo.; over 130 In-
struments to select from, all of them good
bargains to buy as well as rent; one year's
rental allowed off purchase price. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 56O-&4 Hayes st.
6 GOOD ORGANS — CHEAP" ~~~
Beatty, 24 stops, walnut case $20
Taber. 8 stops, walnut case 23
WIlcox & White, 9 stops, walnut case.... 25
Packard. 10 stops, walnut case 30
Lyon & Healy. 11 stops, oak case 40
Eetey. 2 manual. 12 steps 60
All fancy tops and cases— good order.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. IS OTarrell st.
A BUNCH OF UPRIGHTS— Easy Payments.
Krard. small upright for practice $4U
Wood worth & Allovon, splendid order... «5
Neumann, mahogany caee. a bargain.. 125
Sherman. Clay & Co., good -order 135
Grovesteen & Fuller, splendid order 143
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
AT $2 per month up. rent or purchase: low-
est terms, lowest prices and greatest va-
riety of new Dianos; all makes In used In-
struments. HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-237
Geary st. ; Oakland, 1232 Broadway; largest
exclusive piano house and only manufac-
turers here.
A SACRIFICE on account cf departure — A
large 3-ped. uprgiht piano; same as new.
Call 143 Sixth st. .
FLUTE. Boxhln, low and high pitch; war-
ranted; cheap. 532 Vallejo; Monday 13 to 2.
FOR sale — Upright piano; a bargain. Box
4863. Call office.
A PRIVATE party left Fischer upright to be
sold; $135. 237 Geary" st.
A LOT unredeemed storage ptanos, furniture,
dirt cheap. Whltehead^s Storage. 1638 Mkt.
ONE month piano rent free on pianos rented
In July and August. BRUENN. 225 Sutter.
A FISCHER upright piano for sale; aa good as
new; $135. 237 Geary at.
SCO FOR a fine upright. If you want a cargala
call at HORNUNO'3. 218 McAllister st
SCHMER, Byron Mauiy ptanos, Cecellan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 3OJ-312 Post at.
NEW upright ptanos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ & CO.. IS McAllister st.
3- PEDAL Etelnway up;Chickering baby grand;
Shontng*r. little used. Keeffe's. 295 OTarrell.
omess ajti> stores to ijst.
PARTY will sublet large, handsomely fur-
nished and carpeted front office In Crossley
building; terms reasonable. Box 4913, Call.
FINE corner store to let; suitable for bakery,
dry goods, etc.; rent $30. NE. corner Market
and Noe at a.
LONG lease on fine store; best retail district.
Box 4S7S. Call office.
STORE to ]*£. also large light back store. In-
quire ZlMWdy st.
MME. DEL VETA. our great grandmother of
74 years luce a girl of 20, Is teaching and
turning everybody young that follows her
instructions of "How To Do This Thing."
Iwo private letters. 50c each. Address
MME. DEL VETA. Clements. California.
WE have purchased the saloon business at 138
Third st formerly conducted by Herman
Hertzcl; all- outstanding accounts must be
, presented for payment within five days.
G. KRAMPERT and J. GIQOW. _^
DR. ROWELL' S Fire of Life, a sure cure for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia,
sore tbroat. etc Sold by all druggists'- for
ever 20 years: price BOc Manufactured solely
by ROWELL A- BROWN. 3S Turk St.. 8. T.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves Its growth, stops falllng.cures dandrunT
acd Itching scalp: no stain or stickiness:
cleanses scalp: at druggists', hairdressers' '.ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.. U33 Polk.
Cancerous lumps, sores. Impure blood (affecting
skin, mouth, bones, etc.) spaedlly cured by
skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy. 32S Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenllle-wove rugs, silk portlers; dealer In
carpet twine In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews, 700 Fifth St.. Oakland.
CTIAS. KAUFFMANN. son of Barbara, wrtto
for your advantage to mother's executor car«
LAUBSCHER & KKB8. Attorneys, Cleve-
land. O.
ROSE and Kate' a friend — Could not be at sta-
tlaner's ¦ 8 o'clock Wednesday; telephone
again, evening. SIX, ONE, TWO.
! LADIES and gentlemen! I""-** complexion
cream and hair tontc on earth. Parlors 319-
320. Starr King building. 121 Geary st.
AT less than cost; uncatled fcr suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market it.
YOU can buy $75 wortn of fafni'Wire far $7 5i>
down and SI 00 per wesk. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 340 Post s:.. near Powell.
ALL hair and skin dlseas-s currd: hair jrrown;
gray restored: superfluous hair positively
killed. DUNLAP INSTITUTE, r>0 Geary st.
"WHILE THEKE-U LIFE THEflK'S HOPE."
Persian meticxl of sclentlll? nrisaage cures;
trial convint-es. MRS. J. M. 'WOOD.Kl Geary
Cl'TTING taught to practical tailors. F.
SOV/KRS. 120 Sutter St.
For Additional Classified "Advertise*
meals See Pase Fortj-SJ*
»]CA^B-^ontjnTiM. '
THE NATIONAL EMPLOYES' RECORD CO.
Draughtsman, out of city, $60. . i
Clerk, dry goods, country, . good salary. i
Stenographer, cut of city, splendid chance '
for bright young man; $15 week to start. !
Young man, bill clerk, who wants to rise,'
$0 to «tn:t. -
Competent manager, wholesale and retail
' dry , goods, $130, good chance for competent
; man; orocrletor at our office for few days.
Stenographer, tiSi start, rapid rise.
Salesman, Oregon, wholesale grocery. .
Glove salesman, store, good wages.
Salesman, silverware, salary.
Salesman, clothing, salary.
Two boys, wrappers, aged 14.
Solicitors, placing telephones.
Coat makers, good salary .
Window dresser, $75.
Window dresser's assistant. $50.: :
Good boys wanted dally. S4 to $6.
Manager shoe department, $100 per month;
Rood opening tor first-class man; proprietor
can be Interviewed at our office.
Stenographer, Arizona, $75; young, single
man, ated 20. .' ¦¦¦,:
Office open Sunday till 3 p. m.
THE NATIONAL EMPLOYES' RECORD CO.,
. , COO Hearst bulldlnz. '¦
A^-Contrtictors' Employment Agency, 635
Washington St.. phone James 3301. * • !
35 laborers, railroad company's own work,
$2 day and board where you like. ;
Btctlon hands for private railroad, $45 fd. <
Laborers, placer mine, fare refunded. $S2 50.
Experienced splkers for railroad. $2 25 day.
-All round machinist, country. b:i 2o -day; I
lumber pliers, TUolumne Co., $2 day, cheap '
fare; 5 «erap«r team8ters,country,?l 50 day bd.
I Maerte cutter, city. $3; marble setter, $4 day.
Wood choppers, f 1 "5 cord, stove wood, two \
tiers: lots of other Jobs. Open to-day, Sunday.
,L. H. CUTTING & CO.
A— PACIFIC EMPLOYMEJ>IT AGENCY^
638 Commercial St., phone Main 1191.
Office otien 10 to 12 to-day.
20 laborers, electric railroad. $2 day. com-
pany work, board where you like, this Is a
long Job, call to-day and take it; 10 section |
hands, company's logging road, $2. board 50c. \
steady work; Nevada teamsters $75, laborers i
$75, driller? $90, see boss here, fare refunded;
wu ship to Shasta and Tuolumne counties.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of
the world at HKHMAN'S. 27 Steuart st.
PENSION Atty., E.A.Dullis, r.40, Phelan bldg.
Past Com. Gfo. H. Thomas Post. Q. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms; 86c night; reading-roooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
-Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church «ts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep- !
tlon of advertisements and subscriptions has >
been opened at 1008 Market et., opposite j
Fl fth. Oren until 11 p. m.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, halt
price. 503 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your rhoes half-soled while waiting; 25e ¦
to BOe. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts. ;
SALESMEN.
LARGE wholesale firm will start two or three
bright, hustling young men between 25 and
83 years of age In business, furnishing all |
necessary capital and credit; must be well
educated, furnish good references and be
willing to leave the city; only those with
grit and determination to succeed need ap- ,
ply. Box 4700. Call office.
WANTED — For holiday trade, Just opening, 2
specialty salesmen; sober, reliable hustlers;
can clear $3000 by Christmas. Address B.
A. K., box 470, Kansas City, Mo.
TRAVELING salesman — One good man each
State; no experience; permanent: good pay;
liberal expenses. E. M. Arthur Co.. Detroit.
TRAVELING salesman for California by large
wholesale house; good pay; permanent; ref-
erences required. Drawer "S," Chicago.
SOI.ICITOB3 WA1TTED.
GOOD solicitor; $4 to $t( a day; references.
1114 Washington st., Oakland, room 3, 9
to 12 .a. m.
I SOLICITORS on salary and commission; per-
| manent positions. APPLETON, room 1,
Flood building.
WANTED — Reliable man for branch offices of
Oakland Home Co., 972 Broadway, Oakland.
HORSES AKD WAO0W8.
FOR sale— Fine driving horse, buggy and har-
ness; new outfit; must sell. See at 627
Halcht St., or call on owner, 123 California
St., room 221.
FOR sale — Black saddle horse, 16% hands, 7
years; fine driver: well bred and stylish;
sound; gentle. J. JENNINGS, San Mateo.
FOR sale — Bargain; Rockaway, Victoria and
exercise caM. nearly good as new. 1317 ¦
Jackson, Oakland, or 22 California, r. 7, S.F.
AUCTION sale every Tuesday; hones, wagons,
-surreys, buggies, carts and harness; at 1140
Folsom st.-.
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
round;, near Black Diamond, Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables, 190 Stevenson. S.F.
STYLISH young team; new saddle; double
harness: 8-seated covered wagonette. 212
Ninth st.
FINE buggy horse for sale. Addrets box
4803, Call office.
SORREL horse, for eale; 6 years old: works
double or single. Box 4002, Call' office.
RTTBBER-TTRED surrey, canopy top, pole and
shaft; new; cheap. Kenney Mfg. Co., 531 Val.
2 LAUNDRY wagons. 1 buggy; cheap. 130
Beaie st.. H. S. WHITE.
BUGGY for Fal>- In first-class running order;
suitable for country use. Box 3365. Call.
FOR sale-r-Cheap business buggy and top. 833
Howard St.
PHAETON business buggy, and light sidebar
buggy, cheap. 532 Fulton et.
MARE, $20; new rubber tire buggy; wagon;
bugry; cart; must be sold. 2723 Bryant st.
FOR sale — Young horse, buggy, cart and har-
ness. 2045 Sixteenth st.
FOR sale — 1 cushion tire buggy, one butcher
cart. 1615 Market st.
FOR sale— Nice black home; 7 years; ride or
drive; gentle. 4450 Eighteenth st.
BUGGY for sale. Box 4811. Call office.
TO let— 3 stalls. 2410 Harrison st., between
Twentieth and Twenty-flm.
WANTED — Cheap horses; no dealers. Apply
Sunday, 1048 Hampshire st.
GO-CART; lartre: nearly new; sleeper. Apply
j 19 Glover st.
AUCTION sale of horses, wagons and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a., m. 327 Sixth st.
WANTED— Buggy in gocd condition for use
In country. Dox 345C. Call
NEW and second-hand wagons, buggies, sur-
reys; cheap. 100 Golden Gate ave. v
WAGONETTES, eurreys. bucxtes. wagons, har.
ness work and driving horspn. loth-Valencia
kotnras to j,t:t.
A— PRINTED list of houses to let;send for clr-
calar. O.H.UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery.
SCOTT, 93: $50; elegant residence S rooms and
attic, fronting on Duboce Park; all modern
Improvements; Just painted In ¦ latest style. >
-Apply 679 Waller et, corner Scott,
$35 — NEW 8 sunny room house; fine yard; two
toilets; bath; latest improvements. 134 Sec-
ond ave., near Sacramento st.
TO LKT — 8-room house: bath, gas. washtrays:
¦ large yard; all In fine order: rent $20. 41
Homestead St.. off Twenty- fourth. ?¦ ¦
FELL. 1C58, near Central ave., facing Pan-
handle of Park— Desirable house, 11 rooms
and bath; rent reasonable.
$25— A HOUSE of 6 rooms and bath; beautiful
location; near Duboce Park. 35 Noe st., near
Thirteenth.
VALLEJO. 210S, near Buchanan — Desirable
house, 10 rooms and bath; rent reasonable j
to Rood party.
HOUSE, 9 rooms and stable. In Western Addl-
.tioB to let. Apply 1123 Sutter st.
HOUSE of 7 rooms and bath. Apply 5 Pine
place, oft Pine St., near Mason.
8AN JOSE ave., 204, near 21th et.— House of
11 large rooms and bath.
GOUGH.1120, near O'Farrell— 9 rooms cheap.
UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery st.
570 — MODERN corner house. 10 rooms, bath,
basement: heater. 425 Baker st., cor. Grove.
TO let— 3019 Sacramento st.; modern residence,
0 rooms; nice yard, heater; rent reasonable.
SOUSES FURNISHED— *FOE SALE.
A NICELY furnished rooming-house : of 19
rooms, near ¦ Market st. ; very cheap If sold
this week. Phone Hyde 2317. .
HOUSES 'TO LET — SATTSA1ITO.
TO. lease, furnished. "The Crest," Sausalito •
- superb marine view; tennis court croquet •
• - 8 ' r 2°-5^!* ? A t»ths. Apply MADISON &
BURKE. 30 Montgomery st.
HOU8Ea~WAim;p.~ ~~"
4-ROOM cottage "and bath m "good order; under
418. Box. 3. Call olfltt*,
* g?,*- 1 ?. WAyTEfl-rEMAI;t--O(m. '
COOK for 20 students, $35: cook, hotel, coun- I
try fGcrrati.), $G0: 4 cooks, city, with and
. vitfcout washing: $'K>-$35; cook, email Sani- I
;urium. country, ?23: A secend girls, city
t and country. $25-#W; kitchen helper tor hos-
rltil. $20; tray girl fcr hospital, $20: nurse-
».ir!s. city snd countrj'. $20. $25, $3j; i
ihambfrTr.nltl and searastr»*«, ?25; he*d '
waitress, country hctel. $."tOf 5 waitresses, •
hotple. c<!ontry. f20-$25; chambermaid, *:W;
kiu-lien helper, private family. $23; laun-
Or»-t-E. private family. $25; chambermaid and
tva;iir.s. country, $20-$23; *4 general house-
work girls, city ard country. $20. $25, $30.
* • Apr ly to J. 1". CKGSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter.
* THE NATIONAL EMPLOYES' RECORD CO.
Reception lady, wholesale millinery; bring
' .' lft'£itie»fc. country. $20 and found.
Hosiery Jej-artment; compettnt to buy; $10.
fakslady. eoous; $8.
* Apprentice. Urygoofis; $5.
. Soi'.citors icr blueboolc. Pacramenta anfl Los
» .Ancelcs; ralary. «*ommli*lon and expenses.
2.ch*mberniaids. good wages.
*• Polite lady in attendance at this office.
< Vn Sundsy till 3 :.. m.
.THE NATIONAL EMPLOYES* RECORD CO..
* 503 Hearst building.
CAPITAL EMPLOYMENT OFFICE.
J12 TCRK ST. 112 TURK ST.
HAS REMOVED
From 230 Turk st.
# : And Is i»rtnanently located at \
1J2 TURK ST..
AND IS NOW
o READY IX* FURNISH
. Female !.<:',;¦ of all nationalities on
short n:tlce. j
• \
ONE HTSDrXD OPERATORS AND GIRLS
TO LEARN ON OVERALLS AND EN-
GINEER JACKETS. STANDARD FAC-
TORT. COR. GOUGH AND GROVE STS.
BRIGHT taletlady for leading Vnlt goods store;
must have experience handling underwear
• and ladies' roods; state fully references, sal-
ary. tiiTif-!. ¦-? ; rood opportunity for right
" party. Box 7O2. Call otflce.
LADIES wanted to learn barber trade; only
eight weeks required: positions secured; con-
stant rractice; expert instruction: catalogue
?Vee. MOLER System College, 653 Clay st.
LADIES to lecrn halrdresclr.g. manicuring and
facial tnacsage; enly 4 weeks required; posi-
tions •eeurra: catalogue mailed free. MO-
LER STSTEM COLLEGE. CSS Clay st.
WANTED — A competent girl for general
housework In a small family. $30. Apply
, morning*. 123« Fherman st.. Alameda; Mor-
ton station, narrow gatige.
LADTES to <1o piecework home; we furnish
materials and pay $7 to $12 weekly. Send
•aatr.ped envp'.oix: to ROTAL CO.. 31 E.
Merroe St., Chicago.
COOK — 4 people, privet* family: good salary
to good cook. Call to-<lay. Sunday, 10 to 11"
a. rr... C42 Commercial st.
WANTED — A young lady, experienced teacher
In embroidery work, to five lessons. Call at
STRAUSS & FROHMAN'S. 107-109 Poet St.
COMPOSITOR — Nearby town; must be ac-
curate; jvermarient If qualified; state wages,
etc. Address Z. hex 47S2. Call office.
ALL kinds help wanted. Cattell's Employ-
rn«nt Bureau, 625 Eighth St.. Oakland: hlfh-
<= ett waces.
OLD-ESTABLISHED business house want*
good traveler; security required. Box 4705.
Call office.
'j'iT.Xj to assist in general housework. Apply
at 1S10 Sutter et.
WANTED — 5 lady canvassers. Great West-
<rn Tea Company, H7S Market St.
WANTED— Girl to aeeist at dressmaking. 2S30
Goldtn Gate ave., near First ave.
W ANTED- -Girl or middle-aged woman to as-
sf«t In light housework. 31<S Minna st.
WANTED — Your.g *irl for central housework:
512 to *:.'• 4106 Seventeenth st.
WANTED — A girl to work in glove store on
Saturday*. 1210 Market «t.
V. ANTED— Lady's nurse. Apply 1631 Mis-
sion rt.
GIRL fr- Tl£;ht housework, plain cooking;
rir.all family. 23.~O Filbert Et.
WANTED— A lady to sew for lodging-houre.
• 710 Hovrerd st.
GIRL fcr general housework, three in family.
Call titt-r Sunday. 3173 Twenty -first »t.
WANTED — Good hand for dressmaking; also
apprentices. 1527 Ma«on et.
"WANTED — 10 lady canvassers. Great West-
ern Tea Company. 1478 Market st.
WANTED— A girl to do general housework.
791 McAHisttr st.. near Octavia.
APPRENTICE for dressmaking and millinery;
.paid. 55<J OTarrell st.. Monday.
WANTED — Girl for light housework; small
wages to begin. 1000 Devltadero st.
WANTED — Girl for litbt hoUEework; sleep at
home. Call Monday. 237H Ninth St.
C1HL for light housework; small wages. 1121
Geary *t-
GIRL to assist with housework; deep home.
7,'l McAllIeter st.
TOUNO lady to solicit subscriptions for trade
Journal. «2S Crorel-y building.
GIRLr- tc learn new Joy nystem of dress-
cauing. JOHNSTON. 131 Post st.
WANTED — A« ar prentice for halrdresslng.
Apr'.y 503 Lbrkin st.
YOUNG girl; general housework: rood wages.
VMQ Eleventh a\-e.. Bcnset district.
WANTED — Waltrrsscs: ?25 and found. Inter-
national Hotel, 824 Kearny st.
A NEAT elrS fcr housework. 904 Powell st.
• WANTED — A girl for dressmaking. 1235 Fol-
eocn st.
FUR finishers and linen. New York Fur Co.,
1010 Market st.
YOUNG gitl fcr light housework; $15 a month.
££54 Pine st.
GIRL to assist; sood home and $C per month.
3015 Laxusa st.
WOMEN to work In cannery. Webster st. be-
. tween McAllister and Golden Gate ave.
" FIRST-cla*« operators en pants; city Job; nice
place. 766 Market «t.
AT Mrs. Lambert's. 418 Powell st. ; neat help
.* - a of all nationalities wanted to fill positions.
WANTED— Millinery apprentice girls. 131
Post st. - <
A GIRL for central housework. Call at 2773
. Clay *.
EXPERIENCED FaWladles wanted. GREEN-
BEKO & GREENBERG. 31-S7 Grant ave.
WANTED — Experienced canners and cutters;
steady work; highest wages paid; fare $1.
Rio Vista Canning and Packing Co.. P.
D. Code Jr., Mncr., Rio Vista. Cal.
WANTED — Woman for dishwashing and
scrubbing at Hebrew Orphanage, eoo De-
• viaadero st.
KNITTERS on the Lamb machine; must un-
derstand making socks and stockings. Apply
J. J. PFISTER KNITTING CO.. 412 Polk et.
WANTED — Yours girl to asrist with klnder-
rarten. Call Monday, before 2 o'clock. 1612
Hayes st.
FIRST-CLASS vest flnlfher wnnted. M. J.
KELLER CO.. Oakland.
operators. "15 Mission st.
•WANTED — Experl»nr»»d tuckers and operators
. o» underwear. MARKS BRO8.. 122O Market.
A WEEK'S news fr,r 5 cent* — The Weekly Ca!l,
18 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year. '¦
Hxr»g jWAjrns3>~-MAi.gr~
OPEN SUNDAY. 10 TO J2. ~*~~"~
AT HOHD & SMITH'S, \
Contractors' Arent*, W Third et.
. 2 asphalt workers. lx>s« h»re, $3.
Hotel waiter, city. K5 and board. I
Man to open oysters. V-o and found.
Ranch hand. $25 and found; south.
Man to work around mine. $2 23.
Assistant pantryman, city, $25 and found.
lJartet>d«% German, city, $35 and fcund.
Laborers, near city, $2.
Lots of other jobs.
LOCWAY man, $-'i5 found; circular siwyer,
$73 and board: rtlckcr man. $00 and board;
turner, $20 w«k; blacksmith's helper, $1 25
<lay and board; young man for laundry, $3
«eek: farmer nnd wife. $50 and foand; car-
riage painter. $3 dav; kitchen man and wife,
*.V» end found: cooks, waiter*, dish washers
?nd oU-.ers. J. F. CROSETT ft CO.. «2S
Sacramento st. !
ANDRE'S office. 317 Stockton st.; cook, plain,
hotel, S.*iO; cook, boarding-house, near city
$4o: night cook. *15 wrek: •waiter, plain'
country hotel. *30; 2 dishwashers, country
liottls. |25; coachman for city. $20 fd., etc.
Cor.trsctors and cmpUyers of labor throughout
•lit- Bute to communicate with Independent
Employment Agency, W2 Merchant »t., 8. F.
TOUNO man. feeder for platen and cylinder
presses. EDWARD KN0WLE8 COMPANY.
. 14 Second sL , 'THE SAN' FRANCISC0 1 CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 21, 1904.
46
., BOOMS TO LET — Furn. and tTnfum. •
MARKET. 1567— Furnished rooms. '
MARKET. 1654— Furnished room to let
MARKET. 1654— Furnished rooms to let
MARKET, 1654— Furnished rooms to let.
MARKET. 1722— Furnished rooms.
— . : j
MARKET, 1S04 — Furnished room to let. '.v -j
. t
MARKET. 1012^ — Furnished room to let. j
— — — — __^_ — __ ____________^___ , •
MARTHA pi., 1, off Geary, near Taylor — •
Furnished room for 1 or 2.
MASON. 417— Nicely furnished rooms to let
MASON, 823— Furnished rooms.
MASON. 1438— Furnished rooms.
MCALLISTER. 14— Rooms to let
MCALLISTER, 30— Nicely furnished front
room; suitable for housekeeping.
MCALLISTER. 21+— Two or more unfurnished
rooms, with bath.
MCALLISTER, 412, flat 4—2 nicely furnished
suites of rooms. \
MCALLISTER, 619— Suite of 2 or 3 rooms;
nicely furnished; all conveniences; reason-
able.
i MCALLISTER. 720— Nice room; $8 per month.
MCALLISTER. 804— Furnished rooms to let
MCALLISTER, 1065 — Nicely furnished room
for gentlemen. -.
MINNA. 28— Rooms to let
MINNA. 29— Rooma to let.
MINNA. 148— Nicely furnished rooma.
MINNA. 245— Furnished rooms to let
MINNA. 255— To let. nicely furnished room.
MINNA. 276— Furnished room to let
MINNA. 826— Nicely furnished sunny rooms;
reasonable. ,
MINNA. 461 — Nicely furnished front room to
let
MINNA, 645— Sunny room for one or two gen- <
tlemen; reasonable, : !
MINNA. S73 — Furnished room to let
MINNA, 699 — Sunny single newly furnished
room. '
MISSION. 661. nr. Second — Lanre front room.
suitable for one or two gentlemen.
MISSION, 773— Furnished rooma to let
MISSION, 808— Furnished rooma to let
MISSION. 810— Unfurnished rooma to 1st
MISSION, 864— Furnished rooma.
MISSION. 928— Furnished rooma.
MISSION. 059— Room to let.
MISSION. 1055— Nice sunny rooms. $1 75 per
week.
MISSION, 1150— Nicely furnished front room:
no objections to light housekeeping; $2 per
week.
MISSION, 1165 — Furnished room.
MISSION. 123S— Furnished rooms.
MISSION. 1433— Furnished room.
MISSION. 1514. near Eleventh— Nice sunny
front room, with good closet, $9 a month.
MISSION. 1604— Nicely furnished room; gen-
tleman preferred.
MISSION, 1S27— Furnished rooma.
MISSION, 2245— Front room; furnished.
MISSION, 2245— Furnished rooms; use of bath;
phone,
MISSION, 2247— Rooms to let: furnished.
MISSION, 2286— Rooms to let
MONTGOMERY, 127— Furnished rooma.
MONTGOMERY. 100— Rooma to let
MONTGOMERY. 1315— Sunny rooms to let
MONROE. 8U, off Bush, above Stockton—
Furnished room. $6; suite, $19.
NATOMA, 214 — Comfortable furnished room.
NATOMA. 40SU— Furnished rooms to let
NATOMA. 415% — Sunny furnished room; pri-
vate family.
NATOMA. 615— Single sunny furnished room.
NINTH. 104— Furnished rooms.
NINTH, 118 — For rent sunny front room.
NINTH. 134 — Furnished rooma.
NINTH. 147 — Nice sunny room; rent reason-
able.
NINTH,- 165— Furnished room.
NICE room; private family. Address box
4532.' Call office.
NOE. »156 — Nicely furnished room in private
family. ¦¦ ' ¦
OAK. 14, near Van Ness ave. — A sunny front
room.
OAK, 23 — Nice furnished room to let: near
Market st
OAK, 994 — Two large connecting sunny front
rooms; running water, bath, laundry, phone;
no children; $20.
OCTAVIA. 1312— Unfurnished parlora to let
O'FARRELL, 323— Nicely furnished room;
suitable for one or two gentlemen.
O'FARRELL. 679 — Modern sunny room; hot
and coM .water.
O'FARRELL. 6S9 — Accommodations for party
of fifteen; near Van Ness ave.
O'FARRELL. 691 — Furnished front room. 1
or 2 persons; private.
O'FARRELL. 1127— Nicely furnUhed rooms;
bath; phone; private house.
O'FARRELL, 113tt— Nicely furnished rooms:
modern conveniences.
O'FARRELL, 1 1424— Two aunny, unfurnished",
connecting front rooms.
O'FARRELL. 1397 — Two aunny. elegantly fur-
nished parlors for men; connected if de-
. sired: Ellls-st. car.
O'FARRELL, 161»— Furnished room to let
O'FARRELL. 1520 — Comfortable fur. room for
two; $10; smaller one. $7; every convenience.
O'FARRELL. 1770— Nicely furnished room to
- rent; reasonable. |
PACIFIC. T49 — Furnished . rooms to let
PACIFIC, 1040 — Furnished rooms.
PAGE, lft-^Large sunny furnished front alcove
room; kes. bath, phone.
. PAGE, 278 — Single or housekeeping rooms.
. PARNASSUS ave.. .210 — Furnished room.'
PEARL. IS, bet. I Valencia and Guerrero, off
Market— Furnished rooms; single or. double.
1 PIERCE, 1225— Neatly furnished sunny front
room. •¦¦';. >
PINE. 729— Furnished rooms.
PINE.' 1128, bet Leavenworth and Jones—
Sunny furn. rooms; housekeeping allowed.
BOOMS TO 3jET— Turn, and TTnfnrn. j
POINT LOBOS ave.. 1521— Sunny front room
to let. : j,
POLK. 139 — Roomers wanted. '¦ ¦
POLK. 15R8— Furnished rooms to let
POLK. 2530— One sunny front room to rent;
young man "Preferred. ¦
POST. 212 — Furnished room.
LOCUST. 608%. off Laguna— Sunny furnished
front room; {6. ;
POST. 824— Large room, handsomely furnished:
also small room for gentlemen.
POST. SS9— Large furnished room; running
water: 1 or 2 gents; references.
POWELL, 19— Furnished room. _
POWELL. 418— Furnished room for rent
POWELL. 506— Single room; sun all day; gas, j
POWELL 506 — Large sunny room; running
water.
POWELL. 70A— Furnished room to rent
POWELL. 706— Furnished room for rent.
POWELL. 706— Nice sunny room; $8.
POWELL. 70&-Furnl8hed room for gentleman.
POWELL. 1400— Furnished rooms.
POWELL. 1415— One room to let
RAUSCH, 85— Larg© aunny front rooms, cheap:
private.
RINGOLD. 22— Furnished rooms to let
RUSS. 118— Furnished room to let.
RUSS. 114— Nice furnished rooms.
SACRAMENTO. 1613— Newly furnished rooms;
private family; bath, gas; gentlemen only.
SACRAMENTO. 2414— Furnished rooms to let.
I
SAN BRUNO, 1421— Furnished rooms to let
SECOND. 62— Room to let
SECOND, 149 — Neatly furnished rooms; good
location and none so reasonable In city.
SECOND. B29— Furnished room.
3ENTINEL. 879 Turk, adjoining Jefferson
square — 4-room apartment; tel. East 917.
SEVENTH. 173— Rooms to let
SHARON. 88— Furnished room to let
SHIPLEY. 257 — Furnished room to let
SHOTWELL. 819. near Twenty-second — Two
large furnished sunny rooms; bath; prl. fam.
SILVER, 88^ — Light sunny room.
SILVER, 62 — Furnished rooms to let
SIXTEENTH. 437 — Furnished rooma.
SIXTEENTH, 3038. near Valencia— Sunny sin-
gle room: new flat; private family; also
sunny double bay-window room.
SIXTEENTH. 842SVa — Two sunny furnished
rooms.
SIXTH. 806% — Furnished rooma to let
SIXTH. 320 — Furnished room to let
SOUTH PARK. 130— Rooma to let.
STEVENSON. 271 — Furnished rooma.
STEVENSON. 273 — Nice sunny room to let
STEVENSON, 483 — Rooma for rent
STEVENSON, 626^ — Nicely furnished rooms.
STEVENSON, 635 — Sunny furnished double
room for gentlemen.
STOCKTON, 1400^ — Furnished room.
STOCKTON. 1914^ — Furnished rooma.
SUNNY furnished room In Mission. Box 4779.
Call office.
SUNNY unfurnished room for young lady.
Box 4544. Call office.
SUTTER, 346 — Sunny furnished rooma to let
SUNNY from alcove room, suitable for either
one or two gentlemen; separate beds; cen-
tral. O. Z.. Box 4911. Call office.
SUTTER. 717 — Elegant parlor suite; other
sunny suites and single rooms.
BUTTER, 1104 — Newly furnished rooms to let
in apartment-house.
SUTTER. 1105— Nice location; 2 or 3 bay-wia-
¦ dovi front connecting rooms, closet running
water, crate, first floor; adults.
TAYLOR, 242 — Sunny furnished room.
TAYLOR. 624. cor. Sutter^ — Two front rooms.
$10 and $12: two housekeeping rooms, $15.
TAYLOR. 821— Rooms for rent
TEHAMA, 40— Furnished room to let
TEHAMA. 146— Furnished rooma to let
TEHAMA. 1B4— Furnished rooms.
TEHAMA. 154— Furnished rooma to l«t.V
TEHAMA, 156— Furnished rooma.
TEHAMA, 472 — Furnished rooms to let
TENTH. 123 — Furnished rooms.
TENTH. 8SSH— Furnished room to let
THE KENILWORTH. Bush and Powell— Ele-
gantly furnished apartments.
THE LARCHMONT. 361 Sutter— New brick
bulWlng. finely furnished; modern; central;
rates reasonable.
THIRD. 7B — Furnished rooms.
THIRD. 78— Furnished rooms.
THIRD. 87 — Furnished rooms.
THIRD, 106— Furnished rooms to let
THIRD, 106 (Seattle House)— Furnished rooms.
THIRD. 106% — Furnished rooms.
THIRD. 156— Rooms to let sj
THIRD, 156— Nice sunny rooms to let.
THIRD. 156 — Furnished rooms to let
TH IRD, 220 — Furnished rooms to let '"•"-¦ *¦
THIRD. 230 — Furnished rooma.
THIRD, 231 — Furnished rooms.
' THIRD. 444 Vj — Furnished rooma to let
THIRD. 335 — A large sunny room.
. THIRD, .103 — Nlc« dean roe-ms.25c, 50c. 75c. $1
i night; week.. $1 to $4; bath free; quiet; reas.
THIRD. 614 — Furnished room.
THREE rooms for housekeeping. Address box
7. .Call office.
• Three unfurnished . rooms. Box 49S6. Call.
TUKK. 200— Nicely furnished sunny rooms;
close in: very, reasonable.
TURK. 209 — Single room to let: 4 months.
TURK, 211 — Sunny furnished room to let
j SQOKS TOS HOTTSSgEEPIirGr-Con.
i O f FAKnKLL, 1S16— :) nicely furnished rooms
I complete for housekeeping. j '
' rn-TnL. 3 corner Market— 2 tarnished houee- j
keeping rooms. $11. SIS; no cl-.lldren; phone. }
i PINE" 2790 — A sunny parlor eulte; 3 r. : com- ,
i plenty furn. for hkpg: also 3r. & b.. unfurn.
POST. 50!) — Sunny furnished rooms, $8 and
up; light housekeeping. _^__
POST. l»C2 — Larce sunny front rooms; every <
convenience; $5 to $15; housekeeping and .
single.
RUSS. 105 — Two nicely furnished rooms for '
housekeeping. " " *
SACRAMENTO. 1514— Parlor floor; 6 elegant- .
ly furnished, sunny housekeeping rooms;
piano; appreciated if Eeen; also rooms on <
next floor.
SECOND. 149 — Nice furnished rooms for house- '
keeping; central location;, very reasonable.
(
SECOND. 205 — Rooms for housekeeping; cheap.
SECOND. 434— Two nice large rooms furnished
for housekeeping; large yard. '
SIXTH. 125 — Housekeeping rooms; other •
rooms: central location^ ¦
SIXTH. 143 — Rooms for housekeeping; also <
single.
SIXTEENTH. 3053, near Valencia— Two
bouse keeping rooms; every convenience.
SOUTH PARK. 178 — Furnished rooms for
housekeeping; reasonable. ¦ .*¦—-'. ',
6TANYAN. 1111 — Two sunny suites: light
housekeeping permitted; reasonable; adults.
STOCKTON. 703— Housekeeping rooms to let
•• j
STOCKTON. 1701— Housekeeping rooms. •
BUTTER, 895. cor. Leavenworth — Two desira-
ble front housekeeping rooms; also front fur-
nished room; reasonable. '
1 1 ,
SUTTER. 2203A— Housekeeping rooma for rent.
TAYLOR, 240— Housekeeping room to rent ;
TAYLOR. 242— Furnished room to let V;'; ; •
TAYLOR. 2133 — Housekeeping rooms.
THE Virginia. 1005 Powell — Furnished or on- ;
furnished bay-window suites, complete for
housekeeping; gas range; also single.
THIRD. 415 B— Sunny front and rear suites; '.
$12 to $15; bath, laundry, gas ranges. ;
; THIRD, C20— Large front room; gas* with or
without kitchen.
THIRTEENTH. 1S1 — Two unfurnished back '
rooms; housekeeping; $S. ¦ ¦
TO LET — Two unfurnished rooms for house- •
keeping. Andy 1206 Grove st. .
TURK, 1147 — Elegant new, sunny suites; un-
fur.; view Jefferson Sq. ; choice location; ref.
TURK. 1159 — Nice furnished rooms In fine
new flat: reasonable.
TWENTY-FOURTH, 3174 — Two or 3 furnished [
rooms for housekeeping; gas range.
' TWENTY- SEVENTH, 417 — Housekeeping
rooms; cheap. ¦. z •¦—'¦< r ¦".''¦ ;
TWENTY-SIXTH., 3508. near Valencia— Sun-
ny, furnished roVim; private family; no chil-
dren; rent reasonable. '.
TWENTY-THIRD. 3726. near Dolores— 2 sunny
bay-window rooms; nice, neat, complete.
VALENCIA. 310 — Three sunny housekeeping !
rooms to let. * """'i '
I VALENCIA. 310 — Three furnished rooms to
let for housekeeping.
VALENCIA, 732—2 sunny, adjoining front i
rooms (upper fiat): gas range, coal grate,
folding bed. bay window; Mission warm belt.
Apply out.«>ide school hours.
VALLEJO. 1421— Housekeeping rooms. ;
VAN NESS ave.. 232 — Furnished housekeeping
suites; $12. $16; adults.
VAN NESS ave. 233 — Fur. housekeeping, sin-
gle and 2-room miltes: $6. $10. $16. $18.
WALLER 71— Two or three eunny housekeep-
Ing rooms; also one suite; $16; new.
APABTMEITT HOUSES.
X^ EL DRISCO APARTMENTS.
COR. PACIFIC AVE. AND BRODERICK. ,
4 and 5 rooms, furnished or unfurnished;
commands an unsurpassed view of the entire
city, ocean and bay; jour Inspection solicit-
ed; best of references required.
MRS. N. FOSTER. LESSEE.
ALSO FREE and for EXCLUSIVE use of
the LESSEES, unique GRILL, complete in
every detail, a charming place to entertain
one's friends. BILLIARD and CARD ROOM
adjoining.
THE LYONA. SW. cor. Lyon and Pine sts. —
A new, modern, up-to-date apartment of 4
rooms and bath; unfurnished.
ET. LOUIS. 1575 Jackson St.— Modern 3-4-a
rooms: furn. or unfurn.: r»f«. TeL Ra.ct 1350.
BOOMS TO LET — Fun, and TJnfoxa.
A— THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
' THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
115 AND 117 EDDY ST.
115 AND 117 EDDY ST.
MOST MODERN AND UP-TO-DATE HO-
TEL DOWNTOWN; 150 rooms; 35 SUITES
WITH PRIVATE BATH: ELECTRIC
LIGHTS: STEAM HEATED THROUGH-
OUT: TELEPHONE IN EVERY ROOM;
SUITES WITH BATH. $1 50 TO $2 00 PER
DAY; SINGLE ROOMS. 75c to $1; HOT
WATER DAY AND NIGHT. TELEPHONE
SOUTH 1041.
ASHWORTH HOTEL.
820 Mason et.. bet. Geary and O'FarrelL
Roorr* with or without -private bath.
New addition Just completed;- entire house
newly renovated: sun in rooms all day.
A— WOLF HOUSE. S. W. cor. Sixth and
Howard — Modern apartments, single rooms,
etc.. from $l£c to $1; rates by the week or
month.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth st— Rooma
25c to $1 per night $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms. 25c. COc. $1. $1 CO night;
$1 f>0 to $10 week: bouse open all night.
A FURNISHED eunny corner room for 1 or
2 gentlemen: private family; two blocks
from Market st Box 4841. Call office.
AN elegant furnished front parlor; gas. bath
and piano: suitable for two gentlemen; pri-
vate. Box 4S77. Call office. , ; '
A NICE sunny rocm to let Apply 675
Hayes st.
A NICE furnished room in the Mission, Box
4775. Call office. : _; ,
BARTLETT. 806 — Three furnished rooms.
BELUUNU House, over Owl drugstore, 3 en-
trances. 1128 Market and 21 Turk— Electric
lights; running water In every room; 200
rooms: 26c to 60c per night; $1 25 to $3 week.
BROADWAY. 1943, Oakland— Furnished rooma
to let . '
BRODERICK, 1212 — Sunny . unfurnished rooms
for rent-
BRYANT, 404 — Small eunny room. '
BRYANT, 611, near Fourth — Furnished rooma
to let; private family. • j
BRYANT, 768 — Large, sunny, furnished room.
BUCHANAN. 1517 — Sunny furnished room to
let. ' .
BUCHANAN. 1917— Light sunny room.
BUSH. 755, 5 blocks from Market. 8 blocks
from Kearny — Nicely ¦ furnished and sunny
front suite, with gas and bath; also a single
room: gentlemen preferred^ . ¦
BUSH. 80ti — Sunny alcove room; suitable for
two gentlemen; references required. -
BUSH. 1255— Rooms in private family, single
or for two; reasonable.
BUSH, 2133 — Two large sunny rooms; running
water; gas; bath; telephone. ¦-.
CALIFORNIA, 826— Large elegantly furnished
room; runnlnc water; gas; bath: phone.
CALIFORNIA. 1G14— A large room, suitable
for gentleman.
CALIFORNIA. 1004— Nicely furnished ' rooms.
CEDAR ave., 117— Front furnished room..
CHELSEA, 6, off Bush, near Powell — Room;
$8; pleasant . . . .........
CLARA, 67, near Fourth : — Nicely furnished
small room for gentleman; $1 per week.
CLARA. 142 — Four unfurnished '- rooms. .
CLARA, 142— Four'unfurnlshed rooms; $8. ';
PERSONALS — Continued. {
EUPEHFLUCU6 ha'r removed; electric needle, j *
MRS. EATON. ::'£> Sutter. MISS EATON.
'JZ3 Gc.-iry ft., room ::s. ; 1 •
ntOK. DE UOCTSKT. dermalolosUt: iv.isst cf- !
jectl've 'ace titstraent. •12' Geary tt.. op- \ ¦
poelte St. Francis. j
STILL In the tame place; will leave end of •
month. S. F. B.
CLARA K. JEWETT. purchasing agent. 350S ]
Seventeenth;, country orders; cor, solicited.
SUPERFLUOUS hsJr & moles removed by elec- .
trie needle. LOIS A. GRAY. 1170 Market st. ]
INITIALS embroidered: flret-class work at r
reasonable prices. 3390 Twenty-second st. I
THOROUGH instruction in all branches derma-
tclogy. beauty work. Europ. prof.. 440 Geary.
ELEGANT ruits to order, extra pants or fancy {
vests for $14 75. Fred Wagner. 850 Market.
LADIES and gentlemen, you will find best hair
tonic In the world at 1S!O Sutter st. £
ELEGANT *u!t to order & 1 ex. pair pants.J15.
LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mkt. St.. bet. 7th and 8th.
* MRS. 'WHEELOCK removed <Ls Vertte hair- "
Cntnlag parlcre) to C45 Market, next Palace. -
MAGNIFICENT diamond ring, nearly 3 carats. •
$250. GARIN. 138 Montgomery st. *
TAILOR-MADE FUlt $7 50: dress pants $2 BO. ¦
Misfit Clothing Parior. cor. Buth ana Dupont
Artlr.a restore* lost eyesirht: cures deafness and -
catarrh. A'VIDA CO.. 3524 19th. nr. Valencia, i
c MASQUERADE costumes, play boriks. wigs; .
country orders. GOLDSTEIN ft CO.. 733 Mkt. I
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray .
hair to Its natural co'.cr; $1: at all druggists'.
A BRANCH efflce cf The Csll for the reception f
cf advertisements and subscriptions has been
eper.ed at JOOS Market et.. opposite Fifth. £
Open ur.ttl 11 p. m.
I t
PAI.MIBTBY. '_
Mrs. Wh!tney.palmlst;hours 10tol2. 2 to 8, Sun.; -
Tour. eve. readir.es; admission 15c. 4CS Eddy.
USE. DEVA6. palmist and astro'.ofrer. Liebes -
bldg., 1S» Pcet St.; hours 10 to 5.
MME. KEERGARD, located st 242 I'oet; bowrs •
1 to 5 flslly. Phone Jame« 1. Classes.
FAIHTIJTG. PAPEBHAWOIKO. ETO.
TAINTING and r£-r>er Ua^iRinir done reasona- | _
L!y. L1EBHAKDT & WILSON. 474% Te- .
hgjr.s. et. _
PABTHXRS WAITTEP. ;
WANTED— Partner with JlOTi) cash; paying j .
enterprise. Add'-fss 1-ox JT33. Call office. .
FETSXCZAS'S AJSTD SURGEOKTS. *
JOB C C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence.
JC21H Market et.. bet. <3th and 7th: partlcn- .
lsr attention . paid to di?ea«e» of women. 3
BLOOD tkin and rectal diseases a specialty. .
DR. CALL. lOToVi Msrket st. ; >
MALE r.urse. suntical. medical, mental cases.
4§2 Geary it.; phone James 7M1. Z
REMOVED — DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treat* ail diF-as^s of the human body; for ;
past four years at 115-117 Maron St.. now lo- •
cated st e67 Geary ft., near Leavenworth.
WONG WOO the famous herb doctor — All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
DR WONG HON. 319 Powell et.. tea and herb •
sanitarium; diseases skil'.rully treated.
HOOKS 7OS HOUSEKEEPING. ;
* AUSTIN ave.. 102. off Polk— 2 sunny house-
keepirg rooms and fcalh.
BUSII. JS.T2— l'arlor floor. 4 Urge airy rooms,
completely furnished tor housekeeping; gas »
and coal range; references. Apply bet. S I
a. m. und 12 m. v - •
CALIFORNIA, 1264—2 or 3 laree, sunny
rooms; nice location; large sunny yard.
CAP1\ t«40. near Twenty-fourth — 2 sunny par-
lors; regular, kitchen; glass porch; yard; $18.
CENTRAL ave.. 71, nr. Halght st. — 2 unfur.
kkpg. rooms; reasonable. Phone Grove 434.
CLAY. 151G — Furnished housekeeping rooma.
¦ — _____^ — — — —^_—
DESIRABLE lower floor, 4 rooms, private
house; overlooking Panhandle; for rent early
S»-j/temb<-r; moderate to suitable party. Box
J! 4739. Call office.
EDDY. 604 — Corner sunny bay suite and kitch-
tn. for housekeeping.
EIGHTH. 10^ — Furnished bedroom and kitch-
en adjoining.
FIRST. 317 — A large, sunny, light housekeep-
ing room; running water.
* FOLSOM.Q4G — Large sunny housekeplng room;
tverything complete; rent $10.
_r~QLSOM, 834 — Single housekeeping rooms.
FOR RENT— Early in September, desirable
lower floor, private hou«e; overlooking Pan-
handle: moderate to suitable tenant Box
4719. Call office. ; . ,- . <
FOURTH, 225— A nice, larse room for house-
keeping.
* FOURTEENTH. TOO — Sunny furnished house-
keeping euite.
FULTON, 231 — Two rooms furnished complete
fcr housekeeping; gas range.
GEARY, 441 — Housekeeping room to let
GEARY. 4*3 — 3 tunny furnished rooms for
houstkeeping.
I1AICHT. 221 — 3 furnish«>d housekeeping rooms
* with bath; suitable {or 2 or 3 adults.
HAIGHT. 224 — 3 furni!«hed housekeeping rooms
with bath; suitable for 2 or 3 adults.
HARTFORD. J <i">— "H'.ree unfurnished house-
keeping rooms In basement; rent $10.
. HAWTHORNE. 8, off Howard, bet Second
and Third— Housekeeping rooms; cheap.
HOWARD. 719 M.— Housekeeping rooms and
©there; reasonable; respectable; no transient.
.HOWARD. 737 H — Manila — Nice furnished
hs-kpg. and other room*; convenient; central.
HOWARD, f.22— Two suites housekeeping
rooms; also single.
HOWARD. S23 — Housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD. 623 — Very large front room; light
bou sek«"^i> 1 rig.
* JESSIE, 333— Sunny room; furnished; light
housekeeping for one; $1 75 per freek.
JEESIE, 333-Large. sunny, front parlor; gas
range; fur. housekeeping; water: $3 &o week.
KENILWCRTH, cor. Buch and Epwell— Three-
room gunr.y apartment* ; Eteafc'ilTLaticyn. loc.
KNICKERBOCKER ApartmentlgV340 Pine—
Benny, furnished 3 -room suited/steam heat-
ed. electric lighted: free v bathsr rates reaa
LA BRANCH Hous', 1220 Powell st— Fur-
riehed room £1 week and up; also house-
keeping rooms; clean and quiet place.
LANGTON. 15. nr. Eeventb — Three neatly fur-
nlrhed rooms for heusekeeplxig; rent reason-
able.
I^ARKIN. 41S — Sunny housekeeping rooma;
furnished; large yard.
LARKIN. C13 — Large sunny room to let for
housekeeping-; running water.
LARKIN. 804 — Sunny back rocm. 1 or 2 per-
sons; boubekeeplns If desired; $7.
LARKIN, 8C4— Light and sunny room to let
for housekeeping.
lJBRARY fcldc. Van Ness and Golden Gate
ave*. — Suites and sunny unfur. rooms; r«*a.
MARKET, 1711 — 2 furnished housekeeping
rooms.
MARKET. 1824 — Nicely furnished housekeep-
ing rooms; rent reasonable.
MCALLISTER. 6S3— 2 or 3 unfurnished rooms
for houBekeeplnr; reg. kitchen. Call before 4.
McALLISTEXt. T20— Double parlors: folding
bexf; housekeeping; $25.
Si'ALLISTEB, • 792 — Two sunny . rooms for
housekeeping; bath: yard.
MINNA. 435— Furnished houseke«picr rooms to
let.
NATOMA. C15 — Larre housekeeping room.
completely furnished.
•
3ITDC 214 — 3 eunny housekeeping rooms to
let. I '
OAK. 115 — Extra sunny suite complete "for
housekeeping; 512; adults.
OAK. 117. 638 McAllister— Rooms, complete-
$5 to »12:-gaa range, bot bath: adults.
OAK, 125— Two large rooms: nicely furnished
for housekeeping; g&c; bath; $16; adults.
OAK, 24C — Bunny, bsy-wlndow. housekeeping
room: running water; pas; bath: reasonable.
OCTAVIA, 407— Two furnished rooms; $16;
adults.
OCTAVIA. J403. cor. Geary— Sunny suite; com-
t>lctc housekeeping; $16; other rooms.
OFARKELL. 776. nr. Larkin— 2 large. light
¦unny. uufurr.it bed faims-e keeping rooms; $15.
BOOMS TO MT— rOT^MidJffnfttra^
CLARA.. 142— Unfurnished rooms to letj
CL.ARA, 142 — Wanted — A tenant; 4 rooms^^
CLARA,': 142—4 rooms; uniurnlshej. v
CLAY. 110.%— Furniihed room and board with
Spanish family. ' '
CLAY. 1109— Furnished rooms to let.
CLEMEN", 216 — To let, one furnished room.
CLEMENT. 723, near Eighth ave.— 3 sunny
rooms; steel range with gas attached; bath.
CLEMENTINA. 416— Furnished 'rooms.
CLEMENTINA. COG — Wanted to rent fur-
nished rooms.
CLINTON PARK. 272— Furnished front room,
new furniture. $5 per month.
CLIPPER. 437— Unfurnished room.
CLIPPER, 514—3 furnished rooms; use of
kitchen; bath; laundry; $15. .
CIIAGBURN iThe>, "1007 Larkin, cor. Post.—
Sunny nicely furnished rooms; single, en
*ulte, housekeeping apartments; running
water, bath*: rates reasonable.
DEVISADERO. 1S24— Sunny, furnished room;
lady preferred.
EDDY. 110. The Launston. opposite Tlvoll—
First-class transient rooms. •
EDDY. 203— Rooms to let •
EDDY. 434— Rooms to let.
EDDY, 432 — Elegant suite of rooms; modern;
bath; location fine; very reasonable.
EDDY. 619 — Furnished room to let
EDDY. 619— Nicely furnished single front
room; large closet; rent $7.
EDDY, 821 — Furnished room to let
EDDY. 1233 — Furnished room.
EDDY. 1254 — Modern flat: aunny rooms;
cheap. ______^_
KDDY, 1325— Furnished room for rent
EIGHTEENTH. S646— Furnished room.
EIGHTH ave.. 574— Two sunny, bay-window
parlors, partly furnished; single room; near
park; Eddy st. cara. '¦
ELEGANTLY furnished apartment EMPIRE,
Bush and Leavenworth.
ELEVENTH, 117 — Furnished rooms.
ELEVENTH. 12S— Furnished rooma to 1st
ELEVENTH. 230— One or two' sunny house-
keeping rooms, with large kitchen; gas; coal
stove; also a single room, $6 a month; quiet
house. |
ELLIS. 62 — Furnished rooma.
ELLIS,- 315— "Sunburg"— Furnished rooma to
. let.
ELLIS. 616— Rooms to let
ELLIS, 63ft— Furnished rooma to let
ELLIS. 732 — Furnished rooms to let
ELLIS. OSS — Furnished rooms. *
ELLIS. 1082 — Elegantly furnished room cheap.
ELLIS, 1166 — Furnished rooms to let
ELLIS. 1S85— Furnished room to let
ELLIS, 1326 — Furnished room.
ERIE* 157 — Furnishd room to let
ERIE, 157 — Furnished room to let
FUDDRAL, 76 — Furnished room to let
FELL, 174 — Sunny single room to let^
FELL, 251 — En suite or single; newly fur-
nished; gaa. bath; sunny; desirable. '>¦ ;.ft
FELL, B10 — Rooms to let.
FELL. Bid — Rooms to let
FELL. 610— Rooms to let (
FELL, 700, corner Webstei" — Front sunny
rooms; rent reasonable. •¦,•'"- .'•
FIFTH, 24 — Bunny room to let
FIFTH. 83 — Furnished rooms to let
FIFTH. 146A— Fine furnished sunny room,
suitable for married couple; rent reasonable.
FIFTEENTH. 1864^ — Room for old lady.
FILBERT, 1110%. near Hyde — Large sunny
parlor, partly furnished; bath; gas; rent $S.
FILLMORE, 107— One large sunny room to let
FILLMORE. 314 — Sunny furnished front room;
use of bath. --ir ¦:¦.;,
FILLMORE, 923, cor. McAllister — Nice sunny
furnished room for a lady.
FILLMORE, 2012^— Front room to let; fur-
nished.
FOLSOM. 1209 — Furnished rooms. ;
FOURTH ave.. S23 — Nicely furnished room to
let,
FRANCISCO, 420— One furnished room to let v
FRANKLIN. 428— Sunny room to let
FRANKLIN. 428 — Corner furnished room.
FRANKLIN. 721. near G. G. ave:— Sunny fur-
nlshed front rooms, suitable for two. $10.
FREELON. 18—4 unfurnished rooma to let
FREELON, 19 — B rooms to let
FREELON. 21 — Furnished room to let
FULTON. 144, one block from City Hall— A
nice newly furnished room.
FULTON. 1332— Large sunny room* gentle-
man and wife or two : single gentlemen;
bouse heated by furnace. Phone Park 746.
FULTON, 1553 — Furnished room to let
FURNISHED or unfurnished rooma with or
without housekeeping; also rooms with board:
full particulars: no charges. Room Renting
Advertisers. 117 Butter st OFFICE IN
REAR OF STORE. UPSTAIRa j
FURNISHED rooms to let . Apply at 15
Hampton place.
FURNISHED room to let; good location; reas-
onable. Box 4531. Call office.
FURNISHED suite; running water; $20 mo.;
Valencia and 24th. Address Box 49S9, Call.
FURNISHED room to let Apply at 201 Mis-
sion st
FURNISHED room. Apply 219 Pamasua ave.
GARLAND. 623— Furnished room.
GEARY. 74 — Furnished rooma.
GEARY. 660— One front room, with bath;
reasonable.
GEARY, 660— Front room with bath and gas.
GEARY, T19 — Furnished room to let
!, GEARY. 1SS5 — Large well-furnished room tc
two or three; board if desired.
I GOLDEN GATE ave., 428— Well-furnished
house of 10 rooms for sale.
> GOLDSN GATE ave., 631 — Pleasant furnished
rooms and rooms . for housekeeping.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 631 — Furnished roomj
to l«t
GOLDEN GATE ave., 631 — Furnished rooms.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1208— Furnished rooms,
I - . ¦
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1217— Furnished rooms,
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1524, nr. Scott st—Reai
sunny room; gentleman preferred. ¦
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1534, near Scott— NIc<
; rear sunny room; - rent $5.
BOOMS TOJ1ET—^n^jad^nfurn.
TURK. 323 — Single and housekeeping rooms.
TURK. 325 — Doublo and Single furnl3hei
rooma.
TURK. 733 — Front room, with bath and gas.
TURK S32— A large, sunny furnl?h?d rocm
with all modern conveniences; Reasonable.
TWELFTH. 143 — Furnished suites for houisi
keeping; reasonable.
TWENTY- SIXTH. C9."»0 — FDrni3hed rocm.
TWENTY-SEVENTH, 417— Fine room; $3.
TWO, three or four furnished rcorr.s; Western
Addition; fifteen rr.inufea from Call fcjda
fcox 4S68, Call office.
UNITED STATES. 12;: Eddy, near ilarttet 100
rooms. 35c to $1 night. $1 75 to .{0 week; e!ec>
trie lights 'no gas), running water in 'every
room; elevator, read.-room; free bj 3 ; baggage.
VALENCIA. 208— Furnished rooms to let.
VALENCIA. 481. cor. 16th — Fine, sr.r.r.y. cczy
I corner parlor; cheap; board 1J deairei.
VALLEJO, 702 — Furnished rooms. :
VALLEJO. 802— Furnished room.
WASHINGTON ave.. 0 — Furnished room.
WASHINGTON, 11 }i— Furnished room,
WASHINGTON. 923— A neatly furnlsltcd room.
WASHINGTON, 1CKS4— Neat furnished room;
reasonable.
WEBSTER, 812^ — Furnished room,
WEBSTER. 1352 — Sunny front room, furnished,
suitable for gentleman.
WEBSTER, 1526 — Rooma to let. " :
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market—*
Most convenient and respectable: 70O rooms;
S5c to $1 50 night: $2 to $S week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; fres bus; baggage.
ADVERTISEMENTS. subscrlDtione received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sts.
A BRANCH office of Tho Call for th« reception
of Advertisements and subscriptions has beea
opened &t 1008 Market st. opposite Flftii.
Open until 11 p. tn.
BOO3XS AND BOARD.
VALLEJO. 1130. corner Leavenworth, 1 block
to Hyde-st. car — Newly furnished sunny front
rooma. with first-class home cooking: run-
ning water, yard, laundry, phone; private
family, refined and homelike.
HERMANN. 6C6. between Ftllmore and Stein-
er— Neat furnished room with or without
first-class board for respectable young man.
HAWTHORNE. 172. near Harrison— Pleasant
room for young lady, with board; convenient
to business center: reasonable.
ELLIS. 453— Elegant furnished rooma, with
excellent French table board; reas.; central.
EDDY. 1123, opp. Jefferson Park — Fine furn,
sunny rooms; table board; -reas.; new roan a g.
FREELON, 20— Child to beard.
GREENWICH 014— Sunny front room, with
or without board.
HOWARD. S41A — First-class beard and room,
single or double. $5-$3 wk.; American family.
MASON, 615A. near Sutter — Sunny room, with
board. In private family. %
MCALLISTER. 1S22— Rao ma and board: rea-
sonable.
OAK, 102O— Rooms with or without board.
PAGE, 20 — Two neat rooms for working girls.
with or without beard; reasonable.
RAUSCH. S5 — A good home for aa old lady
or gent; terms reasonable
RUSS, 114 — Nice, large, sunny front room to
let with or without beard.
ROOM and beard for two working boys or stu-
dents. 12S0 California st
ROOM and board; rrlvats family; near Park;
$20. Phcne Fell 4016.
Stevenson Man&lon, opp. Grace Church snasx.
807 California — Se» rocms.learn prtces,try table-
BOOMS A2ID BOAKD WASTED.
GENTLEMAN, stranger in city, wishes board
and room In private American family; reas-
onable terms. Box 4S2O, Call office.
BOOMS WANTED.
KNIGHTS TEMPLAR CONCLAVE.
SEPTEMBER. 1904.
Hotels, rooming houses, apartment houses.
boarding and private houses, list your rooms
for visiting Knights Templar and their frlenda*
free of all charge, with tha
CITY ROOM RENTLNO AGENCY.
1104 Marker st_, rooms 3 and 4.
W. L. GROWALL. Chairman Hotel Committee.
WANTED — Attic room or nice dry basement
room for Japanese boy; will pay $5 month)
location between Laguna and Pierce sta.,
Broadway and Clay. Eox 4724. CalL
WANTED — By a refined widow, two unfur-
nished room"? for light housekeeping; near
California and Polk sta. Dreferred. Address
box 1303. Call office. Oakland. Cal.
WANTED — Two unfurnished rooma two or
three blocks from new City Hall; will not
pay over $10. Address ; STEWART. 104
Grove st.
"WANTED — Two nice unfurnished rooms; good
accommodations: Rlncon Hill preferred; cou-
ple. Box 2S. Call office.
RESPECTABLE young man desires nioet room
In private family. Box 4756. Call office.
WORKING woman wants to rent unfurnished
room. $3 per month. Box 45S3. Call office.
2 SUNNY rooms, witn bath; furnished or un-
furnished. Rocm SO. 120 Sutter st
WANTED — Two furnished rooms; housekeep-
ing. Eox 4315, Call office.
THREE furnished rooms for housekeeping;
reasonable rent. Box 4317. Call office.
S ROOMS north Market $12 to $13. J,
JACOBS. 737 Market st. ¦
WANTED — 3 furnished rooms. Box 105, Call
office. -'-,'¦? ¦ ; *
WANTED — 8 furnished housekeeping" rooms.
Box 4653. Call office.
ROOM ailHTJUtQ AGESrCT.
WE rent your rooms; hundreds of roomers
calling dally; don't delay seeing us. ROOM
RENTING ADVERTISERS. 117 Sutter st:
phone Clay 006: ofc. In rear of store upstairs.
TO LEASE.
BUILDING 25x60. suitable for manufactory or
blacksmith shop. 22 Cotrrtland ave.
FBOPOSAXS.
NOTICE Is hereby given that sealed bids will
be received until 2 o'clock p. rn., Monday,
September 12. 1904. by the Board of Con-
trot of the Territory of Arizona, at the>
office of said board in the city of Phoenix.
Arizona, for the sale of ten bonds of tha
denomination of one thousand dollars each,
numbered 11 to 20. Inclusive, bearing data
- of January 1, 1904. due and payable Jan-
uary 1. 1054. bearing interest at the rate of
b per cent (5^) per annum, optional after
twenty-five years. Issued by the Territory
of Arizona, in accordance with the pro-
visions of Act No. 73 of tha Twenty-seccnd
Legislative Assembly of said Territory, and
which act baa been approved by the Con-
gress of the United States. Said bonds be-
ing the second Issue ot the loan authorized
by said act Interest en said bonds will
be paid seml-annually en tha first day of
January and July of each year, and both
principal and interest payabU In gold coin
of the United States at the office of th»
Treasurer of said Territory. A certified
check of a responsible bank for S per cent
of the amount bid. payable to the order of
E. E- Klrkland. Territorial Treasurer. . and
a cosy of this advertisement must accom-
pany each bid. Failure of bidder to maka
payment In full upon allotment and tender
of bonds will be considered a cancellation,
of the bid and the forfeiture of the check
accompanying the same. The board reserves
the right to reject any and all bids. Bids
' must be sealed and addressed to the Board
of Control. Phoenix. Arizona, and marked
"Proposals for purchase of Insane Asylum
Eonds." GEORGE E. TRUMAN. Secretary.
SEWING SIACXUITES AND SjJPPI.rES.
• AT the new retail office of th-» White. 915
Market st.. the finest collection of 'machine
embroideries and artistic sewinsr machines
ever shown on the cunst are now on exhibi-
tion. When you buy or rent a White you
get the best sewing machine on earth.
DOMESTIC— The machine for family use; best
Is cheapest; secona-hand all makes at any
price: all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic efflce. 1021 Market St.. near Slxtn.
• A NEW Home, the 'best second-hand machine:
all kinds. $3. $.'«. $S; guaranteed ; when the
dolls swing in the window. 1051 Market st
BOOMS TO IiET — Pura. and XJnfurn.^ j >
GOLDEN GATE ave" 1734— Large rear sunny j
, room; rent $S; free use of bath. ..•¦.' 1
GRAND Southern 7tn anil Mission— Rooms 35o
to $1 25 night: '$1 50 to $U wk.; readlng-rm. j
GREENWICH. 8<Jll£ — One single furnished
room to let: convenient to all cars.
GROVE. 1200—2 sunny connecting rooms; reg- -
ular kitchen; grate; pantry; $12.
GUERRERO, 204— Three front rooms en suite; j -
nicely furnished; all modern conveniences. j
.— . I 2
HAIGHT. 60— Furnished rooms. ¦ :
_ ¦ • 3
HAIGHT, 90— Furnished rooms to let. ;
HAIGHT. 218— Neat sunny furnished rooms \
to let. ' ' j
HAIGIIT. 21S — Nicely furnished rooms; sunny;
all conveniences. - " ¦ - *
HAIGHT, 915, near Devlsadero— Sunny, mod- 3
ern French flat; eight rooms and bath;, $33. •
HAMPTON place. 18— Furnished rooms; quiet; ]
central. 1 *•
HARRISON. 500— Furnished rooms. . ¦ ¦ .
HARRISON. 7S4%, near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished Bunny rooms; bath; homelike; $1 J
week u?. ,
HARRISON. 1010— One furnished room.^ -
HARRISON. 1180— Nicely furnished "sunny 3
room to let ' .
HAYES, 138. cor. Van Ness — Large sunny 3
room; $2 00 week; eunny bedroom; $6 month.
HAYES, 348— Sunny furnished room to let. ¦
HAYES, 60B — Furnished rooms. ' j
HOWARD. 614 — Rooma to let j
HOWARD. 760A— Furnished rooms to let '
HOWARD. 715 — Large sunny rooms at low '
rates; 25c to $1 day and $1 23 to $5 week, j
HOWARD. 708— Small furnished room to let
HOWARD. 757— Furnished room.
HOWARD, 758 — Furnished room.
. ZZH ' ]
HOWARD. 763— Rooms to let '
HOWARD,' 776 — Four nice, sunny front rooms; ]
cheap.
HOWARD. 813 (Howard House) — Clean, neat 3
rooms ' at reasonable prices. •
HOWARD. 1020 — Large sunny furnished room. :
HOWARD. 1022— Nice large furnished room. :
HOWARD. 1102. cor Seventh — A nicely fur-
nished room; private family; $5 per month.
HOWARD, 1305— Rooms to let
HOWARD. 1837 — Furnished room. j
HOWARD. 1400— To let. furnished room; light; J
sunny; gas; hot and cold water.
HOWARD. 1432— Rooms to let
HOWARD, 1763A — Large sunny back room; .
gas; bath. >- \*r- ¦
HOWARD, 1955 — Sunny furnished room.
HOWARD. 2016 — Nicely furnished sunny
room; gas; bath.
HYDE. 211 — Furnished bay- window room; gen- •
tlemen only.
HYDE, 1549 — Sunny furnUhed rooma. ;
HUMBOLDT. 2321— Furnished room to let j
IN downtown sunny flat, large front parlor for
elderly gentleman; good home. Address box ¦
4526. Call office. .
JACKSON and Polk, SW. corner— Nice furnish.
ed apartments. '
JESSIE, 803 — Furnished rooma to let
JESSIE, 815*£ — A nice sunny room to let
JESSIE. 828 — Sunny room to let
JESSIE, 833 — Unfurnished rooms to let
JESSIE, 837 — Furnished rooms to let ' '
JESSIE, irai east U. S. Mint— Furnished
room. $5 per month; large one. $3.
JESSIE, 405 — Rooms to let
JESSIE, 448 — Furnished room to let
JESSIE, 613% — Large sunny front room; suit-
able for man and wife or two men.
JESSIE, 700^ — Rooma to let
JESSIE, 814 — Furnished room.
JESSIE. 817— Front room to let ¦¦
JOICE. IS, off Pine, near Powell— 3 furnished
or unfurnished rooms; very sunny; $12.
JONES. 617— Small furnished room; $8.
JONES. 15101& — One nicely furnished room to
let: rent $8.
JONES, 2117 — Sunny room.
KEARNY. 305, cor. Bush — Nicely furnished
rooms and bath; reasonable prices.
KEARNY. 405— Furnished rooms to let
LARKIN. 133 — One front room, nicely fur-
nished; $7.
LARKIN. 139— One nicely furnished front
room; sunny; $7. ¦
LARKIN, 412 — Sunny rooms; nicely furnished;
for gentlemen; $8 up.
LARKIN. 1S09— Rooms to rent; reasonable.
LARKIN and Post, SW. corner — Nice furnish-
ed room.
LARGE bay-window room In warm belt of
Mission. Box 4632, Call office.
LEAVENWORTH. 716 — 2 sunny connecting
r.-ns.; 2 gentlemen; suitable for housekeeping.
LEXINGTON ave.. 118^ — Furnished room.
LIBERTY. 15— Cozy front room; running
water; private family.
LOMBARD. 794 — Furnished room.
LOMBARD, 1010— 3 rooms, front and back
yard; marine view; good for those requiring
pure air and sunshine; no children; rent rea-
sonable to right parties; apply for one week.
MARKET. 737 — A cozy r room suitable for a
gentleman. $12 month. ': •".;• r
MARKET, 737— Furnished room to let
MARKET, 759 — Fine newly furnished rooms;
no better location In S. F.; apartments; reas.
MARKET, 765 — Room to let. furnished.
MARKET. 850 — Furnished rooms.
MARKET, 917— Furnished rooms.
MARKET. 930 — Furnished rooms. .
•MARKET, 093 — Furnished rooms.
MARKET, 1020— Furnished rooms.
MARKET, 1032— Rooma to let '."*•,'
1 . MARKET, 1049 A. The Falmouth — Sunny rooms;
hot and cold water: elevator; $2 to $7.
I MARKET. 11C3— Furnished room to let.
'. ¦ ¦ .
MARKET. 1203— Furnished rooms.
1 ¦ . . « _ - ¦ ~~
i MARKET. 1221— Furnished rooms.
¦1 -— , 1 — -—-—-. : .
MARKET, ! 1344— Furnished rooms^ "
, MARKET, 1420— Bay window to let for parade.
MARKET. 1426— A bay window to let for the
parade.
MARKET. 1517— Furnished room's.
I MARKET. 1555— Furnished rooms to letThe Pacific Mail Company's steam
ship City of Peking, Captain Robinson*,
sailed ' yesterday for the isthmus of
Panama and way Sports. She carried
about twenty passengers, among them
United States Consul Jenkins, who is
bound for his post at Salvador. The
Peking's cargo of 3500 tons Included
8500 barrels of wine and 800 tons of
flour. , •
City of Pekins Sails.
, ALB ANT, Aug. 20.— Dr. V.-A. Moore,
bacteriologist of Cornell University,
who is at St. Louis, has notified the
State Department pf Agriculture that
a disease known as maladie evil exists
in the Middle West and that 200 horses
afflicted with -> the disease are* quaran
tined at Lethbridge, Northwest Terri
tory, and are to be slaughtered Sep
tember 1. Dr. Moore states that the
existence of the plague Is a matter of
no little concern in New York State and
that the department will take steps to
prevent it getting into the State.
Disease Known as Malndio Evil
Breaks Out nnd Animals Must
Be Sacrificed.
TWO HUNDRED HORSES
TO BE SLAUGHTERED
LONDON. Aug. 2O.—The British
Government continues to watch with
the closest attention the policy of
China in respect to the Russian cruis
er Askold and the torpedo-boat de
stroyer Grozoboi at Shanghai, but it
has not departed from its decision to
regard the question as one which con
cerns particularly Russia, Japan and
China. Respecting the use of the
British dock at Shanghai by the As
kold, the Government holds that this
fact does not relieve China of the duty
of enforcing neutrality.
Japan, according to the Japanese
legation, cannot afford to blockade a
neutral port indefinitely. The legation
points out the case" of the Russian
gunboat Mandjor, Admiral Togo be
ing compelled to keep a cruiser and
a torpedo-boat off Shanghai for two
months before she finally was dis
armed, and the legation asserts that
the Government of Japan will not re
peat such a conciliatory policy In the
case of a vessel like the Askold, which
has high speed and could do great
damage to, commerce.
Expects the Peking Government to
Enforce Neutrality.
ENGLAND WATCHING CHINA.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 20.— The Visayan
pupils, twenty-five In number, who
have been studying In the model school
in the Philippine section at the World's
Fair, refuse to attend the classes in the
future.
The action Is explained In a letter
which has been received by H. S. Stone
from Miss Teresa Ramlres, a 16-year
old pupil of the school, who had read
and taken umbrage at that portion of
the folder recently Issued by the Philip
pine exposition board describing the
village and exhibits of the Philippine
Islands at the World's Fair, in which
the pupils of the school are classified
as "little savages."
Pupils Refuse Longer to Attend the
Model School at St. Louis
Exposition.
TAKE OFFENSE AT BEING
CALLED "LITTLE SAVAGES"
BOSTON. Aug. 20.— The G. A. R. en
campment here brought about the
meeting of a family of two brothers
and two sisters who had not been to
gether in a half century.
W. F. Toothaker, who served in a
Maine reclment. started for Boston
from his home In California. At a sta
tion In Utah he was Joined by his
brother Daniel of the Twenty-third
Iowa. They had not seen each other
in thirty-eight years.
The two went on to Chicago, where
they met a sister, Mrs. Ellen Ronk of
Kewanee, 111., the meeting of the three
being the first in forty-seven years.
Arriving In Boston, the trio wer© met
by another sister, Mrs. Pierce. She had
not seen William in forty years, Daniel
in fifty-one years and her sister in fifty
years. They will all go next week to
Llttlefleld to see two other Bisters —
Mrs. E. A. Seavey and Mrs. M. Camp
bell — whom the brothers have not seen
in most a half century.
Brothers and Sisters Are Reunited
After Separation of Half a
Century.
REMARKABIiE 3LEETTXG AT
BOSTON ENCAMPMENT
TSINGCHOU, Aug. 20.— The Japa
nese protected cruiser Yayeyama haa
Just anchored here and landed Major
Hoffman, the German military attache
who was at Port Arthur. The major
left the fortress in a Junk at the Ger
man Emperor's orders. The Japanese
cruiser picked him up thirty miles out
and. It is reported* confiscated his pa
pers. Major Hoffman's personal bag
gage was left on the Junk.
The correspondent of the Associated
Press to-day asked Captain Matouse
vitch, chief of staff to the late Admiral
Withoeft, who Is now In the hospital
here, what lessons he deduced from
the naval fight of August 10. The cap
tain was too weak to reply at length,
but he said conclusions might be drawn
from the fact that the ten and twelve
inch guns were accurately served and
did most of the damage, and that while
the Russian vessels were at one time
beset by thirty-six Japanese torpedo
boats and destroyers, the fire of these
smaller craft was verr inaccurate and
did very little damage.
Captain Matousevitch does not believe
that the rudder shaft of the battleship
Cesarevitch was hit by a torpedo, as
was at first reported. Eight torpedoes
were discharged at the Cesarevitch, but
not one of them struck her.
JAPANESE ARE CAUTIOUS.
Confiscate the Papers of a German
Military Attache
CHICAGO, Aug. 20.— A sugar rate
war has been declared by the Chicago,
Milwaukee and St. Paul Road, which
announces reductions in the tariffs
from Chicago west and northwest
amounting to 15 and 22 cents. The re
duced rates are effective Immediately.
The rates announced are 5 cents per
100 pounds from Chicago to Missouri
River Points between Kansas City and
Sioux City, including Sioux Falls, and
5 cents from Chicago to the Twin Cities
and the common points in the North
west. The former rates were 27 cents
to the Missouri River points and 20 to
the Twin Cities. The reductions make
a rate of 30 cents from New York to
all the points named, which is consid
erably lower than the rates from New
Orleans to the same points.
The war was started because some of
the Southwestern lines are said to have
refused to abide by the adjustment
made months ago, when the rates from
New Orleans to Missouri River points
was made 37 cents. A combination,
through Memphis, of 32 cents from
New Orleans to Kansas City was later
discovered and not adjusted.
Northwest.
Big Redactions Are Made In the Tariff
From Chicago West and
CHICAGO AND ST. PAUL
DECLARES SUGAR RATE WAR
L.OS ANGELES, Aug. 20.— Because
the girl he loved and who loved him re
fused to marry him, although her only
reason was that she was too young and
she simply asked him to wait, John H.
Perrln shot himself through tha head
In her presence this afternoon. The
tragedy was enacted In Hollywood, a
beautiful foothill suburb of Los An
geles, and It brought Into the young
girl's life an experience such as seldom
comes to human beings — an experience
which may cause the loss of her rea
son.
Had her lover died Immediately after
firing the fatal shot It would have been
bad enough, but she was alone in the
house at the time, half a mile from the
nearest neighbor, and for four long
hours she held the head of the dying
man in her lap, unable to summon as
sistance.
She was afraid to leave him because
she loved him and because of the fear
that she herself might be accused of
having shot him. She finally, hailed a
passing teamster by screaming for help
and sent him for assistance.
Then came another long waft, and
when a physician finally arrived Per
rln was beyond all human aid. Even
then the girl refused to leave his side,
and for two hours begged the doctor
to save him for her, but the case was
hopeless. When, Just at dark, the end
came, the young woman collapsed and
fears are entertained that the shock
may kill her, or, worse, dethrone her
reason.
Perrln was the son of well-to-do par
ents at Hlverside, and there two years
ago he met Rudencia Hewitt, then 17
years of age, and fell In love with her.
He was then 22 years of age and al
though he" proposed marriage, the girl
was sensible enough to know that she
was too young to marry and plainly
told him so. For two years he pressed
his suit, but she steadfastly refused te
marry, preferring to finish her educa
tion. Yesterday he came here from
Riverside, determined to get a final an
swer.
He went to the girl's home and was
welcomed by her parents and remained
there over night. To-day the couple
came to Los Angeles and shortly after
noon they returned to Hollywood to
find that the others of the family had
left home. While seated on the front
porch he asked the girl to marry him,
but she again told him to wait Then
he threatened to kill himself, but she
urged him not to be rash. He sent her
Into the house for a glass of water and
as she was approaching him on her re
turn, he drew a revolver and shot him
self through the head. She ran to
him, tried to do something for him,
but It was too late. Then began her
long wait for assistance, which ended
only a short time before he died.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Young Woman Counsels De
lay Because of Youth and
Precipitates Sad Tragedy
Sailed Aug 20 — Stmr Mesaba. for London;
stmr Germanic, for Southampton; stmr Etru
ria, for Liverpool: stmr Finland, for Antwerp.
Adrea. Christlania, etc; stmr Phoenicia, for
Hamburg; stmr Columbia, for Glasgow.
Arrived Aug 20 — Stmr New York, from
Southampton.
HONGKONG — Arrived Aug 13— 8tmr Gaelic,
from San Francisco via Honolulu, Yokohama,
Shanghai, etc.
CHERBOURG — Arrived Aug 20— Btmr Gross
er Kuerfurstf from New York for Bremen;
stmr St Paul, from New York.
Bailed Aug 19 — Stmr Deutachland, for New
York.
NAPLES^ — Arrived Aug 15 — Btjnr Pannonla,
from New York for Trieste and Flum.
MARSEILLES— Arrived Aug- 19— Stmr Ger
manlc. from New York.
ROTTERDAM — Arrived Aus; 10 — Stmr Ryn
dam from New York.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Aug 19— Btmr Pre
torian. from Montreal for Glasgow; stmr Vlo
torian. from New Tork: Btmr Bavarian, from
Montreal: etmr Campania, from New York via
Queenstown.
Sailed Aug 19— Btmr Umbrta, for New Tork;
stror Bovic. for New York.
BREMEN— Sailed Aug 20— Btmr Bremen, for
New York
ANTWERP— Sailed Aus; 20— Stmr Kroon
land ' for New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed Aug 20— Stmr 8t
Paul, for New York via Cherbourg.
Arrived Aug 20 — Stmr Philadelphia, from
New York via Plymouth and onerbourg.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Aug 21— Stmr Mon
golla. from San Francisco.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Aug 20— Stmr Cel
tic for New Tork. •
HAVRE— Sailed Aug 20— Stmr La Bretagne,
for New Tork.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Au» 19— Stmr
Centralia, for San Pedro. Aug 20 — Schr Jennie
Wand, for San Francisco; stmr Homer, for
San Francisco
Arrived Aug 20 — Stmr Aberdeen, from As
toria: schr Muriel, hence Aug 4; sehr Alpha,
henc> Aug 2.
PORT BLAKELBY— Sailed Aur 20— Bktn
Benlcia. for Sydney.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Aur 20— Bark Al
bert, for Hilo; schr J M Colman, for San
Pedro.
TATOOSH— Passed In Aug 20— Ship J B
Thomas, from Nome for Por* Townsend: brig
W G Irwln. hencs Aug 3 for Roche Harbor.
BANDON— Sailed Aug 20— Stmr Elizabeth,
for San Francisco.
ABERDEEN— Arrived Aug 20— Stmr Aber
deen, from Aitoria.
Sailed Aug 20 — Stmr Homer, for. San Fran
cisco: echr Jennie Wand, for San' Francisco;
schr Endeavorer, for Redondo.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
DOMESTIC PORTS,
BAILED.
Saturday. August 20.
Stmr Pomona. Bwanson. Eureka.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
SHE MAY LOSE REASON
Impatient Lover Takes His
Life in Presence of Girl
\ Who Was to Be His -Wife
PREFERS DEATH
TO LONG WAIT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL", SUNDAY, AUGUST 21, 1904.
47
STO&4GE AKD WAXEKOTJSESi
A'-j-tMI"ORIUM Storsr* & VaXc^T^umitureT
. Household g^ods trt.or-d. moved, shipped 725-
•..1 SI Howard St.. nr. Third; phone Grant 1CL
• X— GILBERT & KTOLL Storage Co.; storage.
• # packlcg. bhlpping; warehouse, G.G. and Van
Kfia; office ilTy Market, r. 4.5 ; tel South 750. :
CAPITAL Van and Storaee Co.. 3 Eddy St.:
rncne Mint :s«l. «OHN K. COOPER, pres.;
• furniture moved. packM. shipped and stored.
riuilClT-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. of-
fice Test and Pow<li su.: tel. Prt. Ex. 571.
CON~KLIX'S Storage — Furniture and mtrchan-
o dlse. S3 GoMen Oate ave.: phone East 128.
CQLOZK West Etorape: advances made. 840
TJiSskm st.: tel. Howard 941. F W. Zehfuss.
P/tCtnC Sterns:* and Furniture Moving Com-
c pany. *£:;20 Fillmorx «.; phone Jackson 2SL
UEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
Ft.; (el. Main l$40. Shipping at rut rates.
jhtiril WKTEB^ AlO^sTTJPyiiXES.
¦**' c <*cept1on*lly good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Premier. $23; other typewriters at
Silgher and lower price*: rentals |2 50. The
Typewriter Exchange. MC California «t.
2O-HA5TP typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
° 'Tvebft^r Typewriting Inspeo. Co.. 50S Market.
?XAVI.
JL WAY to health— Mothers' and daughters'
horn* treatment; booklet free; write for it.
yiAVI CO.; 2304 Van Ness; phone East 2S2.
' -ATUTTERXarCr A2ST» STAMMERHCQ.
AT. Melbourne Institute. Van Ness and Market,
, is. taught celebrated Melbourne system; only
Mf-lbcume In *U. S.; private: established 3
c years in S. F. TeL Mint 2626 from 1 to 5 pm.
MARRIAGE U.CESSES.
'The following marriage licenses were lsroed
yesterday:
° "'Tamejiro Okuma; 82. 614 Pine street, and
Uta Mine. 20. 814 Pine street.
Haltnoa Cantor. 21 351 Fell street, and Nel-
Jie, Wright. 18, 1619 Leavenworth etreet.
De Ouy Simpson, 25. city, and Elizabeth J.
C*s:aghao. IS city.
Cyrus S. Goodyear, B0. dty, and Marion
Wheeler. 32. city. •
Coon* lit. 27. 605 Jackson street, and Ang
Gook. 23. *6C5 Jackson 6treet.
Patrick J. Culllnane. 26. Sacramento, and
May J. Clifford 18. Sacramento.
Orlando ilacy. 36. 1716 FoUom street, and
Rebecca Ahern. 32. 17t0 Folfom street.
Andrew Prank, CT. Oakland, and Katherlne
Eaxseaxneier. 45. 44 Clementina etreet.
Carl T. Llnd. 20. 121 York etreet, and Jen-
eena C. Hauso. 19. 215 Ashbury street.
Henry H. Sutcliffe. 34. 518 Ellis etreet. and
Uarion B. Thompson. 32. &41 Hyde street.
Peter McCarthy. 33. 204 Second street, and
Mary K. Murray 28. 50H Silver street.
John Kraft. 26. Colusa. and Edna N. Law-
ton. 20, Maxwell.
George E. Pleasant, 23, 321 Twelfth street,
and Katie Rowan. 19. 1364** Harrison street.
Enrico Besozzi. 27. 1217 Green street and
Giusepplna Tolllni. 19. 1217 Green street.
Jatr.ee H. McLaughlin, 43, 33 Sixth street,
and Elizabeth Brown. Z*. 14S Sixth street.
Peter A. Daly. 2J». Brooklyn. N. Y.. and
Mary B. Daly. 24. Los Angeles.
P.oy W. Asbury. 25, Santa Rosa, and Flor-
ence Forbes, 24, Sonoma.
Curtis C. Griffin. 2U. 214 Leavenworth street
and Daisy M. Rathbun. 20. 405 Hyde ctreet.
Frank S. 6egale. 21. 5124 Union street, and
l>:r.«ia A. Franchi, IS. 335 Lombard etreet.
Miguel Herrera. 23. 37C Bartlett street, and
Rosa Arrteta, 22, 376 Bartlett street,
Charles A. Alexander, 41. Los Angeles, and
Jennie D. Harvey. 23 Detroit. Mich.
William B. Chase, 31. BOS Fourteenth street,
and Ntl'.ie N. Franklin. 27. 905 Fourteenth st.
' EIETHS—HABRIA6ES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriajre aad deaXh notices sent by
jr.a:l wil! not be Inserted. They must be handed
•n at either of the publication cf flees and be
indorsed with the came and residence of per-
i-j:;s 2 - Jthu-rSzcd to have the eame published.
SCotieea restricted simply to the announcement
of the cver.t ere published once la this column
fr*<° of ch»rtfe. "
BORX.
!;::• \vn— laf this city. August 12. 1904. to the
v. ¦/.<¦ of M. J. Brown, a son.
BTRT— In thin city. August 9. 1004. to tha
a-lfc cr Thoinas N. Burt. a danghter.
• h:;N— In this city. August 12. 1904. to
il>: wife of Noah Cohen, a son. (Auckland,
NVu- Zraland. psperg iilease copy.)
• < HN— Is) this city. August 19. 1904. to the
wife rf H. L. Cofan, a 6on.
FOWLER— la Newark. August 10. 1904. to
the wife of T. J. Fowler (nee Davidson), a
(Jauphur.
HILMER— ta this city August 14. 1904, to
th«- wif«? of Frtd L. Hi liner, a «on.
fAC&SOV— ta this city. Auc-rct 15. 1904. to
¦-• . wife of Charles A. Jackson, a daughter.
JENKINS— In this city, August 16, 1904. to
the wife of J. L. Jenkins, a daughter.
KAt'L— In this city. August 19, 1904. to th«
» re of C. EL Kaul. a son.
KILULKA— In this city, August 9 1904, to
the wife of Edw. J. Killllea, a daughter.
KEED — In tV.is city. August 11. 1904, to the
» ile of Frank Reed, a daughter.
ST. AMAXT— In this rtty. August 18. 1901,
to the wife of W. L, St. Amar.t, a daughter.
ETEINWAND— In Fresno, August 3. 1904, to
the wife cf Dr. Albert R. Stelnwand, a
daughter.
TAYLOR— la this city. August 29. 1904. to the
w:fe cf Charles Lassette Taylor Jr.. a son.
MARRIED.
ARTHUR— HAMPTON— In this dty. August
• 19. 1904. by the Rev. F\ M. Larkln. Frank
o E. Arthur to Eiina S. Hampton, both of this
c:ty. v
FLETCHER— MURPHY— In this city, August
14. 1904. by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wll-
eon. -William J. C. Fletcher and Katherine
K. Murphy, both of San Francisco.
KERSCOWITZ— EHSTAIN— In this city. July
31, 1804. by the Her. H. N. Sehoenfeld, Mor-
ris Herscowitz and Bertha Ehstaln.
JACKSON— SI.'LLIVAN— In this city August
3. 19<M. by the Rev. Father Mackay, Henry
D. Jackson and Mamie C. Eulllvan, both of
can Francisco.
K ERG AN— KINSMAN— la this dty August
17, 1904 by the Rev. George W. White,
pastor of Ontxal M. E. Church. Frank K.
Kergan and Josephine Kinsman,' both of San
Francisco.
LIVERMORE— COTTREXJJ— In this dty,
August 17. 1904. by the Rev. F. M. Lar-
kln. Robert A. Llvermor* aad Jenevlera W.
Cottrell. boih of this city.
PAUKER— FEINSTEIN— la this city. August
c 7, 15*04, by the Rev. H. N. Schoenfeld. Louis
Pauker and Rose Feinsteia.
EAGEHOUX- BEARING — In this dty. August
3. l»O4. by the Rev. j. F. McGlnty. Herman
W . Eagehcra and Laura Bearing.
. ECHWARTZ— PRIZANT— In this city. July 23.
1904. by the Rer. H. N. Schoenfeld, Hrman
Schwartz and Fannie Prlzant.
EUNDBERG— BUNDEEEN— In this city Aug-
• T S i l % L 90 *^* 1 *' B k*»op Montgomery' Dr.
John C 8iin<Jberg and Mme. Hermance Ida-
tle Bucdeaen. both of San Franciaeo
• TURTELTAUB— TERKELTAUB— In thi'e dty
« teld. Max Turteltaub and Sarah Terkeltanb.
diedI ~~~~~
Aldls. John O. Langu. Johanna
Anderson. Merri.1 Q. Lynch. Patrick
£ eT * Cr ' J^ M3 i Ctt * t Mclnerney. John J.
Bosan. Charles J. Maguirt, Lottie
J5u»h, Dr. Louis W. Me*han Thomas P
Cohen. Bianca Mo!!tr " John
Donaldson. Anna H. Mocre " V.'ilijam E
L-ondero. Daley Porter Charles A.
Drew. Margaret T. Ramlot Emile
Dunn, Mrs. J. Rentschler Geo w
Klyna. Thorcsj Richards, Jenkln
Kelly. Joanna Steinwand,AIb«rta E.
Kelly. John A. Wheeland, Samuel
IClng. -Matilda
- ALD1S— In this city. August 13. 1904 John
G., beloved husband of the late Ellen M
Aldi*. ton of Elizabeth G. Aldls and brother
of Mm. L. E. Imsick. a native of England
*rtd &3 years 11 months and 19 days. A
member of Court America No. 7916. A. O
F.. and ilonuzuma Tribe No. 77. I. O R. M*
tO'Frl'nds lir.J acquaintances are respect-
fully inritpd to attend the funeral Sunday.
at II a, ».. from the funeral parlors of
Bunker & Lunt. 2«jO6 MliKion street. Mission
Maeonlc Temple, between Twenty- second and
Twmty-tnlrd, under the auspices of Court
America No. 7918. A. O. F. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
Officers and members of Court America
No. 791C. A. O. F.. are hereby notified to
stttend the funeral of our Ute brother, John
O. Aldis. from our hall, Sunday, st 11 a. m.
Funeral fines strictly enforced By order
GEORGE KITTLER. C. R.
C. BROAKSMA. Secretary. )
ANDERSON— In Fruitvalc. Alameda County
Acguct 18. 10C4, Merrill Goethe Anderson
infant son cf Arthur and Elisabeth Ander-
HENRY J. CA'.LACHGt? CO.
(Successor* to Flsnnsgan tc Gallagher.
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
t 20 ruth «.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
Funeral Directors and Embalmsri
Formerly In Metropolitan Temple.
NOW if 806 MISSION. TeL South 167.
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth «U
Finest Equipments at Moderate Rates.
F. J. Monahan. Manager. TeL Mission 31.
MOWAHAN. O'HARA&UO.
ILN^IUL L>:UKCTORS AND EMUALMERs,
S&0-23U &IIf*1on »U. near Xlneuwota.
bfeii Francisco.
WHEELAND— In this city. August 19. 1904.
Samuel, dearly beloved husband of Georgia
L. Wheeland. and brother of William R.
Wheeland, Mrs. Sophio Curtis and the late
James Wheeland, a native of Yarmouth,
Nova Scotia
ICTFuneral services Sunday. August 21,
130-1, at 1:30 p. m., at his late residence,
2394 Pine street. Interment private.
CARD OF THANKS.
We wish to extend our heartfelt thanks to
our many friends for their help, condolence
and floral offerings In our recent bereave-
ment, especially the employe* of George W.
Shreve & Co.
MRS. MARY OEPPERT AND FAMILY.
CARD OF THANKS.
We want to thank those that were so
kind to us in our late bereavement and hour
of trouble.
- MRS. J. BAKER AND FAMILY.
si-n. a native of San Francisco aged- 4
month* and 5 days.
CTFuneral and interment private.
BERGER— Jn this city. August 20. 1004. Jean-
nette. beloved wife of Rucbcn Berger, and
mother of Is'at, 3am. Ethel B. and Maurice
Berger. aged SI years. (Toronto, Canada,
papers please copy.)
ETFrlende and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10:30 a m.. from her late
residence. 2117 O'Farrcll street. Interment
Eternal Home Cemetery.
EOGAX— August 19 1904. Charles J. Bogan,
a native of New York.
GTThe . funeral will take place to-day
(Sunday), at 11:45 a. m.. from the parlors
of the Pacific Undertakers, 777 Mission
street, thence to St. Rose's Church for
services, commencing at 12:15 p. m. Inter-
ment private. Holy Cross Cemetery.
BUSK— In this city. August 20. 1004. Dr.
Louie \V. Bush, dearly beloved husband of
Elizabeth BuEh. and devoted father of Dr.
Charles G. and Dr. Ferdinand Bush and
Mrs. Emma Kroder, a native of the city of
Hanover. Germany aged 74 years 11 months
and 14 daye. A member of Concordla Lodge
No. 122. I. O. O F.
E7"Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Monday), at 2
P. m.. from his late residence. 210S Howard
street, between Seventeenth and Eighteenth.
Cremation I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
COHEN— In this city August 20. 1904. Blanca.
beloved wife of A. Cohen, mother of Sam.
Abe. May, George, Rose and Martin Cohen. ,
and nltce of Mrs. C. Gensler, a natlvo of '
Posen. Frussla. aged 41 years.
DONALDSON— In Oakland. August 20. 1004,
at 500 Twenty-fourth street, Anna H.. be-
loved wife of Alexander Donaldson, and
rnother of Roy. Edwin R. and Archie C.
Donaldson, a native of Albany. N. Y., aged
45 years 10 months and 4 days.
DONDERO— In this city. August 18. 1904, !
Daisy Dondero. dearly beloved daughter of
G. B. and CattCTina Dondero. and sister of
Joseph, John. Frank. August and James
Dondero, Mrs. R. Marino and Mrs. Emilia
rgI A * nativo of San Francisco, aged 20
years 9 month* and 27 days.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
£"»y Invited to attend the funeral August
-1. 1304. at 1:15 p. m.. from her parents'
residence. 718 Greenwich street, thence to
Sts. Ptter and Paul's (Italian) Church,
corner Dupont and Filbert streets for bless-
ing. Interment Italian Cemetery.
DREW— in this city August 19. 1904. Mar-
garet T.. daughter of Patrick and the late
Johana Drew, and sister of John and the
late P. H. Drew and Mrs. Mollle Mlskel, a
native of San Francisco.
E7 Friends and acquaintances are respect -
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
August 21, at 1:30 p. m.. from her late
residence. 3834 Twenty-fourth street, near
Church. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
A requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul at 9 a. m., at St. James
Church. Twenty-third and Guerrero streets,
Monday. August 22.
DUNN— In this city. August 20. 1904, Mrs. J.
Dunn, a native of Kansas aged 26 yesrs.
EyRemalns at the parlors of the Henry
3. Gallagher Undertaking Company, 20 ;
Fifth etreet.
FLYNN— In Benlcia, August 20, 1904, Thomas
Flynn. a native of County Cork. Ireland,
aged 78 years 4 months and 24 days.
C^The funeral will take place Monday ;
morning in Benlcia from St. Domlnlc'e
Church, where a solemn high mass will be
sung for the repose of his soul, commencing
at 9:30 a. m.
KEILY— In this city August 19. 1004, Jo-
anna, dearly beloved wife of the late Pat-
rick Q. Kelly, and loving mother of Wil-
liam. Thomas. David and Frank Kelly. Mrs.
Theodore von Hacht. Mrs. A. Gerhard and
Mrs. Manuei Mitchell of Santa Cruz, a na-
tive of County Limerick Ireland, aged 65
years 4 months and 23 days. (New York.
Chicago and St. Louis papers please copy.)
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 a. m.. from her late resi-
dence. 69 South Park, between Second and
Third streets. Bryant and Brannan, thenco
to St. Rose's Church, where a solemn re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 8 a. ra.
" Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KELLY— In ttols city. August 17, 1904, John
A Kelly, a native o f Brooklyn. N. Y., aged
C5 years.
C7Frlends and acquaintances and mem-
bers of Carpenters' Union No. 4S3 are re-
•pectfully invited to attend th» funeral to-
day (Sunday), at 10:80 a. m., from the par-
lors of Halsted & Co.. 846 Mission street.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery by car-
riage.
KING — At Peach Tree. Monterey County.
August 20. 1904. Matilda, daughter of the
late William and Catherine King, a native
of 6an Francisco.
C7 Remains at her late residence. 98
Devisadero street.'
LANGE— In this city. August 18. 1904. Jo-
hanna Lange. beloved sister of Robert Lange
of Honolulu, a native of Germany, aged 45
years.
E7Friend8 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 3 p. m.. from the mortuary
chapel of James Hagan & Co.. 49-51 Duboce
avenue (formerly Thirteenth etreet). near
Valencia, under the auspices of Ivy Chapter
No. 27. O. K. S. Members of - the British-
American Society please take notice. In-
terment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
LYNCH— In Oakland, August 19. 1904. Patrick
Lynch, dearly beloved husband of Catherine
Lynch, and beloved father of Annie and May
Lynch. Mrs. A. T. Pyne. Mrs. P. A. Richert
of San Francisco and Gerald Lynch of Vic-
toria. B. C. a native of Ireland, aged 64
years.
IpTFiiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to atttnd the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1:13 p. m., from the parlors
of Gantner Bros.. 1209 Mission street, be-
tween Eighth and Ninth, thence to St.
Peter's Church, Alabama etreet, near Twen-
ty-fourth, for services, commencing at 2
p. m. Interment Holy Crocs Cemetery. A
requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul at above church
Monday. August 22. 1904. at 9 a. m.
McINERNEY— In this city. August 19. 1904.
John J., dearly beloved hueband of Annie
Mcrnerney, and brother of Thomas and Jo-
seph Mclnerney. a native of Limerick, Ire-
land, aged 43 years.
C7Frlend<i and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:50 a. m.. from the parlors
of the Pacific Undertakers. 777 • Mission
street, thence to St, Joseph's Church, where
a solemn requiem mass will be .celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at 0
a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
Leo Assembly No. 4, Y. M. C. U.— To the
Officers and Members of the above Assem-
bly: Tou are hereby notified to attend the
funeral of our deceased brother. John J.
Mclnerney. to-morrow (Monday), at 8:SO
a. m. Time and place as above mentioned.
Yours fraternally,
THOMAS McGUIRE. President.
JNO. T. BURNS. Rec. Sec.
MAGUIRE— Lottie Maguire. beloved daughter
of Mrs. Paulina Magulrs. a native of Cali-
fornia.
Funeral and Interment private.
MEEHAN— In this city, August 19, 1904.
Thomas F., beloved son of Hanora and the
late Martin Meehan. and brother of Sister
Mary Ignatius of the Sisters of Mercy, John
J. Meehan of Sacramento. Martin J. and Jo-
sephine Meehan and Mrs. John O'Connor, a
native of Nevada County. CaL
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday,
August 22. at 9 a m.. from his late resi-
dence 416 Stelner ctreet. thence to Sacred
Heart Church, where a requiem high mass
trill be celebrated for the repose of his soul
at 9:30 a. m. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
MOLLER— In this city. August 18, 190* John
Moller. beloved brother of Jens, Christ,
Martin and Peter Moller and Mrs. - E.
Westrop a native of Denmark, aged 43
years. A member of Alta Lodge No. 205,
I. O. O. F.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1:30 p. m., from Odd Fellows'
Hall, corner of Market and Seventh streets,
where funeral services will be held under
the auspices of Alta Lodge No. 205. I. O.
O. F Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
Remains at the parlors of H. P. Petersen,
22S McAllister etreet.
MOORE — In this city; August 20. 1904. Wll-
liam. Edward, beloved son of William E. and
Julia Moore, and brother of Bert. Belle, Ray-
mond George and Kenneth Moore, a native
of Stockton, aged 22 years 0 months and 6
days.
PORTER— In Oakland. August 20, 1904.
Charles A. Porter, beloved son of George
and Ellen T. Porter, and brother of George
E.. Edward F., Mary EL. Fannie 12. and.
Elizabeth Porter, a native of California,
aged 24 years and 0 month*.
; RAMLOT— In this dty, August 1». 1004,
Emile. beloved husband of Mrs. It. L. Ram-
lot. a native of Belgium.
E7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
Augutt 21. 1904, at 1 p. m., from his late
renidence. 208 Third avenue, Richmond,
thence to Union-square Hall, where services
will be held under the auspices of the
French Mutual Society "La Gaulolse." In-
terment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
RENTSCHLER— In this city. August 19, 1004.
George W. Rentschler. beloved husband of
Bertha Rentschler. and brother of William
C. and Frank Rentuchler and Mrs Mary
MlILr. a native of Ohio, aged 42 years 11
months and 15 days. •
. Gp'Frtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Sunday), at 2 p. m. at the
mortuary chaptl of James Hagan & Co .
40-G1 Duboce avenue (formerly Thirteenth
OliUVcemTcry VaUnCla - Interme »t Mount
RICHARDS— In Oakland, August 19 1004
Jenkln. beloved husband of Kate Richards
and father of William T.. Martin "a and
May M. Richards and Mrs. P. E. Burke a
native of Wales, aged 70 years and 5 months
EyFriend» and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services '
to-«5ay (Sunday), at 3 p. m.. «t the parlors
of Albert Brown. 572 Thirteenth street, Oak-
land. Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
STEINWAND — In Freeno. August 10 1004
Alberta E. Stelnwand. infant daughter of
Dr. A. R. and Minnie Stelnwand. j
RAILWAY TRAVIX.
yi^^~ff^v Trains leave and are dus>
fjt^^r*^^^ *° s>rrl »• at
(J^^^ZJSAN FRANCISCO.
X^^-^V/ Tttxr Daror
\£_J-^'^ (Tcot of Uarket Street >
>»at, „ MAIN LINE. -TaaTrT
7.00a Vscavillc. Winter*, ISarowjr.. TM»
/00a Ber.lcln. llimlra arvl Sacramento.. 7209
7-3O*VM:eJa Nip-v Csllstoc*. SaaU
Ko*s. M»r:!:ii7. S»n r.ninon t.2t)s>
7 30a Mllrs. Tracy. Lathrop. »t«ck:oa.... J£Qm
IXOa £ii«s:* Express— (Via Davis).
ivtill.imi (for Bartlett Spring*),
Willows. ?P'rnto. lead Uluff.
Portlaod. Tacoma. Seattle 7.53»
IXOa Darts. Woodland. JCnlarhr* Landtag.
MarTttvllle. Chlco. OroTlllo 7-W*
• JOa Port Costa. Marttnex. Anttoeh.
Byron. Tracy. Stockton, New-
irni. Los linniM. Me nil eta,
Arroonx Ilanford. Vlsalla,
PortervtlTe 4.2Qs>
SJMJA Tort Cos;*. Modesto. Merced.
Freano. uosa.-n Junction. Hia-
font Vltalla. Halcersaeld 4.53*
I.JfA Xllct, Sun Joae. Llrerraore. Stixric-
ton. f'iJIluin). loae, Sacraaaento,
MarjiTille. Cateo. Red KiniT .... 4.20*
I JCa Oak. !*!-. CMnrs*. Jamestown, 9>
nora. Tvolmnr.« and Ancela 4-20 ¦»
t 00a Atlnnflc Bxpren— Ogden <in<l K«i«. 5 2 Jf»
8-3CA niehmond, Msrtlnes aad Way
Stations 5 50*
10-COATbe Overlnnd Limited — «>jc<ten.
Ornaba. Ctilc»2<»t l>eu rer, Kansas
City. St Louis SM»
tOOOAVsaejo 1i20»
1000a Los Aaxe'.ea Pasienser — Tort
Costa, Martinet, nyron, Tracy.
Lamrop. Stockton. Mereed,
Raymond. Frenoo. Goshen Juno
Mob, llan'oril. Lrmoore. Vliailn.
Ba^ertllft* Los Aegel^s 7-t0w
1S.S0M H«y ward. N!Vi And JTtir dutloas. 3.20*
tiXOP&acransentoRlTer eteam?rs tll.O'JJ»
3 JCp 3cnlc!». TVlntcr*. Sacramento.
Hl,;ov«. Knlfbts
Landing;. MarytTtlle. OroTllie
and way utauoas 10.60a
I^9PUayward.NI!eaandT7ar Statlona.. 7 50(»
4-COP Msrtlnez.8an lUinon.V&lleJo,?«apa>
CalliUHta, Santa Kuaa. 8-ZOa
4CPp Ntles. Tracr. Stockton. Lodl 4.20<»
4 2CP HarwarH. Nt:.-t. lnrtngtoo. Baal f 3-50 a
Jo»e. Llrermore | 111.50a
S-CCs>Tbe Owi Lltnttca— Xewciva. Los
llanos. M»r.do:». Treann. Tttlare^
Bakrrsneld. Lc»Anc-te» 130a
T5 30p Hsy w%rJ. .N lies nu.l ban Joie .«... 7.20a
SCOp Ilayward. N!:es and San -lo»4 9.50a
6 OOP La-torn V.iprr %%— Oit-lcn. Umabs,
C"a!<"sio. uenrtr. Kaasas Cttr,
8*.. Loul*. via Martinez. Storkton.
• ¦ Saerameato. CoJfax. Rrno...... 12.S0s>
• .OOp Vsllelo, daily, excrpt o -.'inlay.... I tea.
74)Cp VaJIejo. Sunday only f 7 - 50 *
7J28P Ulchuiuod, sna Pablo, Port Cents,
Martinez and Way Stations 11-2X*
* TXOPBeaa Passeaser— Port co<>m, Sni-
sun, Elmlra. I>ar:.». ?a'rv;»'iilo,
Trnckee. Lsko Tnhue, V.eao,
"1. Toaopah. S|»arks 7-5Z*
fXaPPort Costa, XUrUni'X. Crroo,
Tracy, Latarop, Moles to.
Merced. Berrnda. Fresno aad
VTay Stations J>er«nd Port Coata 12-2t3»
6-05P Teaeraite Valley, Tla Uereada and
W a won a ....^.. 8.50a
IX6p liariines. Tracy. Stock'.oa 13.20a
8 05p Oreeon * California Kxv>resa— Sse-
ramento, UarysTlllp, It? Ming,
Portland, Facet Soantl aad East. S.50*
1.1 Op HaywtrO, Nllea and San Juse (.Sun-
aayonly) 11.60%
COAST LINE (Narr.w basis).
(Feot at Marbet Street.)
7.45a Santa CrnxExcursion(SiiBdayonry) 3-1 Op
K.1&A Newark. Oenterrillr. San Joss,
Fel ton, BoalderCreeS. B',t En tla.
Santa Crm anil Way Sutiont... 6539
1t>iBA Al»irsdo, Newark, San Jcxte, Los
Gatoa, Glenwood, Felton. BoaUer
Creek. Big Basin. Santa Cms.... |.1Qs>
<9E>15s> ZTewark, CenterrUle. Saa Jose,
New Almnilen.Los G»u>i.Feltoa.
Boalder Crfiek, Santa Cras and
Principal IT ay Stations 10.58a.
4.1!p Newark. Ssa Jose. Los Gatos 13-554
4.15"" Wrlgnt, Boulder Crrek sod Saaw
Crat. gaturday asd Sunday only. M-SSa
COAST LINE (Uroa>i uaace).
fW (lhtrd ami TowT»»n.t Streets.)
8-10A San Jo»e aad Way Stations 6 33»
17'00a Ran Jo»e and W«y Station* ... fi-48*>
7.15a Monterey and Sinta Criu £xcnr*
sion (Sunday only) 10-30*
I 00a New Almaden (Tue».. FrW.. only). «.1Q#
ICOAThe Coaster— Saa Joie. Ss'.lnss,
Saa Ardo. Paso Robles. Santa
Margarita. San Lnis Oaiapo. Santa
Barbara. Saa Buenaventura,
Montalro, Oznard, Uurbank. Los
Angelas . 18-49*>
ff.COA Gi:rr>T. Boltlater. Castrtrrtlie. Del
Moate, Pacific OroTC. Surf. Loin-
poo ' 1 10^3*
1.00a Ban Jose. TresPinoV.WstioTiVDle*
Capitols, Santa Cras, Pac!2c
Orore. Salinas. San Luis Oblspo
and Prlnclp*; Way Station*. ... 4-13*
1040a San Joae and Way Station* 1.20*
11 -30a Santa Clara, San Joae. Los Qatos _
aad Way St«tlor.» 7.30»
148p Ban Jpae aad Way SUUons S £Sa
tSCOp Del Monte fixpreae (except Soar
day) — Santa Clara. Ssa Jowv
WstsooTliie. SaaU Cruz, Del
Monie, Moaterey, Pacific. Grore. t12-11»>
I-St* Barllni»iae, San Jo«e. 6llroy. Hol>
lister, Ttcs Ptaon.PaJaro. Wataoo-
Tllle. Capitola, Santa Cru. Cas>
troTin^. Salinaa. Paelflc Grore... 1O4SA
4.S0* Ran Joae and Way Ctatlsna. ....... t8U30L*
tSOOPBanU Clara, Kan Joae, Lot Gatoe.
Wrl^bt and principal Way Star
tloas (except Sunday) rS-OOA
J530p SsnJosesadPrlnclpaiWayStaUo&s !3.41»
6 45p Sanset Express.— Kedwood. Saa
Jose.Qllroy.Sallnat.pMO Itoblea.
Saa Luis Oblapo, Santa Barhara,
Loe Ancelea. betnlnsc Kl Paso,
New Orieana. N^w Tork 7-10*
I.4SP r«Jaro, WataonTHle. Capltola. I .,_ _"
Santa Crua. CaatroTtlle. »eJ>-n2-??*
Monte. PactSc tiroTe V T1O45S*
t8-15P t>*nlJateo,Beresford,Bnlmoni,Saa
Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaks,
llenlor«rlc. PsToAlto t«-48a
6 30p San Jcceand Way Stations. Si* a
800p Palo Alto and Way Sfatlons 10.1&A
11 .30p douta San Franclico, Mlllbrae. Bar>
Uasame, San Uateo, Belmon^
Ssa Carlo*. Redwood. Tatr Uaks,
Menlo Park, and Palo Alto ffU5»»
HI -30* Miyfleld. Mountain Vie w. Soaay-
Tale. Lawreace, Saata Clara and
an Jose t9.45*
A for Moraine- P far Afternoorv
tSnnJay excepted. J Sunday only.
<• Saturday only. b Monday only;
_i t uw at all traUcsj am Sondar P
CALIFORNU NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN PFAKGiSGO AND NQHTH-PACIFI3
XtAXLWAT COaiPAHT.
Tlburoa 3?erry. root oi aiaxkat Stxsfft.
SAN 7RA2TCXSCO TO SAB SATAS&.
WEEK DAYS — 7:30, 8:tt> 9:00. 11:00 a. m.1
12:35, 2:30. 3:40. 5:10. 5:50. 6:30 aad 11:39
p. ra.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:30 p. ta.
SUNDAYS— 7:30, 8:00, 9:30. 11:00 a. m.j 1:30.
2:30. 3:40. 5:10. 8:30. 11:30 D. m.
SAKT BAPAEL TO 8A2X 7BAHCZSCO*
WEEK DATS— tt:05. 6:5O. 7:^5. 7:50, B:20.
11:15 a. m.; 12:50. rJ:OO, 3:40. 5:00\ 5:20.
C:-5 s. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:45 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:50 7:33. D:2O. 11:15 a, m.: 1:45.
3:40. 4:50, 5:00. 5:20. 6:23, 7:50 p. ra.
tExcept Saturdays.
Leaves I In Effect I ArrtTs
San Fran. I May 1. 1004. I Baa Fraa.
Week I Sun- I Deatlna- I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | tlon. | days. [Days.
7:30 a 7:45 a 7:45 a
7:20 a 3:00 a 8:40 a 3:40*
8:00 a 0:30 a Isnacla 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 2:30 p 6:00 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 8:10 p 6:20 p 1:25 9
7:25 p
8:45 p
7:30 al 7:30 a 7:43 a 7:45 a
8:00 a 8: CO a Xovato. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma 6:20 p 6:20 p
6:10 p 2:30 p and 7:23 p 7:23 0
5:10 p Santa. Rosa, 3:45 p
7:30 a 7:30 a 10:20 a 10:20 a
8:00 a S:00a Fulton. 7:25 p 8:20 p
2:30 p 2:30 p 8:45 p 7:23 p
Windsor.
7:30 a 7:30 a Healdsburs. 10:20 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
2:30 p 2:30 p Geyserville. {7:25 p 7:23 p
Cloverdale. \
7-30at7:30a| Hopland 110:20 a[10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p( and Uklah. |7:25p[7:25p
I j j -Wtmts. j j .
7:30 a| 7:30 a| Sherwood. ( 7:25 pf 7:25 p
8:00 a) 8:00 at Guernerille and !10:2O aj 10:20 a
2:30 pi 2:3Op|Carnp Vacation. | 8:45 p| d:2Op
8:00 a 8:00 a 8:40 a 8:4Oa
5:10 p !>'::«> a Sonoma. C:0Op 6:20 p>
5:10 p Glen Ellen. 8:43 p
7:3Oa[ 7:30 al 110:20 ajlO:20 a
2:3Op|2:3Op| Sebaatopol. | 7:25 p| «:2Op
STAGES connect at Santa Rosa for Walts
Sulphur Springs and Mark West Springs; at
Fulton for .Burke'a Sanitarium; at Lytton for
Lytton Springs; at Geyserrlll* for Skasxs
Springs: at Cloverdale for the Geysers.' Boo ne-
vllle and Greenwood; at Hopland for Duncaa
Springs. Highland Sprlnss. Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakepcrt and Baxtlett
Springs; at Ukiah tor Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Sprtccs. Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. Llerley's, Bucknell's.
Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvllle. Orr*s Hot
Springs, Halfway House. Comptche. Camp
Stevens. Hopkins. Msndotino City. Fort Brass.
Westport, Usal: at Wlllits fcr Fort Brags.
Westport. Sherwood. Cahto. Covelo. Layton*
Tille, Cummins, Bell's, Springs. Harris, Olsons.
Dyer. Garberville. Pepperwood. Scotia and
ISureka.
Saturday to Monday rocnd-trlp tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays — Round-trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office. 6C0 Market street, Chronlda
bU JA3 nr L. FRAZIER. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
1 WEEKLY CALL, $1.00 PER YEAB»
Spend Your Vacation ¦
for $2O al
San Luis
Hot Sulphur
Springs —"&?*»¦
•..TEt most Ideal resort for pleasure «ni ;
fl th .. on tbs Paclflo Coast. Buy round
trip ticket from Saa Francisco to San !
Luis Hot Sulphur Springs. San Luis
ObUpo. Cal.. and return, including stag*
SL *. nd . from »P rt ngs and one week's ,
board for fZO.OO to ?22.OO, according
to location of rooms, or board and accom-
modations *0.OO to 912.0O per week.
Scenic surroundings. free bathing,
boating and fishing on grounds. Fins ,
thady walks, tennis and croquet grounds,
dance pavilion for euests. JTin« sea
beach one mile from Hot Sulphur Springs 1
Cottages and furniture are all new. Gas
throughout buildings and grounds. Our '
table Is well supplied with the best the !
market affords. Our stage meets trains
arriving at San Luis Oblspo at 3:15 p. m,
every day (except Sunday).
This la no hospital or sanatorium,
: CAMP CURRY j
i Get circulars at all railroad offljes. \
< Advertised by 4000 guests.
YOSEMITE
LAKE COUNTY
Wew, comfortable carriage* direct to the
most picturesque portion of California. Best
equipped stage line In the State. Leaves Calls-
toga dally (Sundays excepted) at 11:30 a. m..
direct to Harbin. Selgler. Adams. Howard An!
dcrsoo. Hobergs, Spiers, Astorgs and Glea-
brook: half hour for lunch at Calls toga; » to
Mlddletowtt. Lower Lake. Kelseyvllle sad
Lakeport. Livery in connection.
WM. SPIERS. Proprietor.
GARDEN CITY SANITARIUM
Mot a hospital; best equipped on Coast; moO.
era Improvements; large treatment rooms:
Meal location; SH acres; one block from street
cars; writs for literature. San Jose. CaL
'i ¦
MASK WEST 8PBZBTOS.
H. KOBNER. Prop. MR8. J. D. DROST
and MRS. H. KOENER will manage springs;
many Improvements; new cement bathhouse,
and gas all over place; $2 day; |10 and J13
week. Office. 833 Larkln St.. cor. Geary or
Mark West Springs. Santa Roam. Rural No. d.
LAKE TAHOE RAILWAY AND
TRANSPORTATION CO.
Connects at Truckee with train leaving 3. 9>.
at 8:05 p. m. Returning, connects at Trucks*
with train reaching 8. F. at 7:50 a. m.
THE BROCKWAY HOTEL,
• LAKE TAHOE.
Beslds the usual attractions of a Lake Taho*
resort we have the only hot springs, the most
sheltered shore and best fishing. FRANK B.
ALVERSON, Manager.
BTTBXCOXT PASS— A delightful resort
en shor«» of Lake Taho*. Best sandy bead*
for bathing on th* lake. Fine fly fishing and
hunting la season. Boats, fishing tackle aad
hones at moderate hire. Rates $2 a day or
from $10 to $16 per week. P. O. and telephone.
A. L. FROST. Rubicon Park. Lake Taho*. CaL
DEEfi PARK m&*%S2! i£Z£?,
elevation C5O7 feet; mineral springs. Booklet
Travelers' Office. SO Montgomery st.
J. B. SCOTT. Deer Park. CaL
RAILWAY TRAVEIfc
W^ CALIFORNIA If
H LIMITED TO CHICAGO i
¦ LEAVES MONDAYS and THURSDAYS i
H*t 9:30 a. m., through ta 3 daya.rl
ES wl tb diner aad ail trappings. 1 1
Other Santa P» Trains:
ft-io £ S I for Stockton, Fresno. Bakersfleld,
6 loo p! m. J Merced, Hanford and Vlsalla.
4:00 p. m. for Stockton.
8 :00 p. ra. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET OiTICES — 641 Market St. and
Terry Depot. S. 7. Also Ilia Broad-
way, Oakland, CaL 87 South Pixst st*
Saa Jose.
l^^^^l To SAN RAFAEL,
BaB^SH R0SS VALLEY >
|^^^^! CAZADERO, Etc.
SUBURBAN SERVICE. 8TANDARD GAUGE.
Depart from San Francisco, week days at
6:30. 7:10. 7:45. 8:30. 9:15. 10:00. U:0O a.' m
(11:40 a. m. Sausalito only), 12:20. 1:45, 3:15.
4:00, 4:35. 5:15. 5:50. 6:25. 7:15, 0:00. 10-2O
11:35 p. m. Sundays and legal holidays depart
at 7:10. 7:45. b:30, 9:15, 10:00. ll:oo. li:4t>
a. m.. 12:20. l:C0. 1:45. 2:30, 3:15. 4:00, 4:35
6:15, 6:00. 6:23. 7:13. 8:15, 0:00, 10:20, 11:35
p. m.
Arrtv* at San Francisco, week days, 6:17
7:00. 7:35. 8:15. 8:45. 8:35. 10:20. 11:05 a. m
12:05, 1:25. 2:BO. 3:35. 4:20. 5:05. 5:40. 6:15
6:55, 7:55. 10:05. 11:25 p. m. On Sundays and
legal holidays extra trains arrive at 12:45. 2:05,
8:50 p. m.
¦ For Fairfax, week days, depart at 7:45 a. m.,
8:15 P. Ta., 5:15 p. m. (ex. Sat.). On Sunday*
and legal holidays at 7:45, 8:30. 9:15, 10:00,
11:00. 11:40 a. m., 12:20. 1:00, 1:45. 2:30, 7:13
'and 8 15 p. m.
. THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m. dally— Cazadero and way stations
9:15 a. m. Sundays only — For Point Reyes*
etc
3:15 p. m. daily except Sunday — For Caza-
dero, etc
5:15 p. m. dally except Saturday and Sun-
! d a y — For Pclnt Reyes, etc.
7:13 p. m.. Sundays only — For Point Reyes,
etc.
¦ 8:15 p. m.. Sundays only — For Cazadero. etc.
TICKET OFFICE— 626 Market St.
FERRY — Union Depot, foot of Market »t.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Ltmrm fit fcatsalite Ferry Arrive
Ban Frauclsco V*t »f JUtktt St. San Francisco
Week 6mn- buu- Week ~
Days, days. Jfiffrtfffi±. d»y»- D«yi».
«:36x Bggjfiggal 12;*5 r
....10:00a UBaSBall 2:05r*H:05A
|6:00a 11:00a \2«££&*y 3:35r 3:35 r I
t:45r12;20p YS»i»' 0:40 r 6:15 1
' 1:11 r 1:45 r Wf 6:15 r lfcOfj
4:35 r 8:60 p
• Tla irsrttr far. l Tssuliais te MCI M!«r.
Tickxt 4626 Makjcst St. (Norm lihore Railroad)
1 Omcis land Sau&auto Fxhkt. foot Market 8*.
BARTLETT
SPRINGS.
¦ BARTLETT doea not guarantee to ear*
til the Ills that humanity la heir to, but
thousands of people have been benefited
fay the use of Bartlett Water and many
cured.
If you would Improve your health and
have a grand good time, come to Bartlett
Springe, where there Is a resident phy-
sician, a manager of amusements and com-
petent masseura
Housekeeping cottagea, $3 00 to }9 00 per
week.
Send for a booklet that will teU you all
about Bartlett.
Write J. E. McMAHAN. Bartlett
Springs. Cal.. or call at 2 Butter St. Saa
Francisco.
Don't worry about the
youngsters this summer.
Pack up and go to
AETNA SPRINGS
There they can romp all
day and sunset will find
them ready for bed. Just
send for booklet. Aetna
Co., Napa Co.,
Cal.
WHY NOT SPEND YOVB
SUMMER AT HOTEL DEL
MONTE? NEW MANAGE-
MENT-GOLF, GLASS-
BOTTOMED BOATS, SUPF
AND POOL BATHING,
OILED ROADS. SPECIAL
TERMS TO FAMILIES.
GEO. P.SNELL, MANAGER.
DR, O. O. O'2DO3JT1TE31jIjS'
M 1NEKAL SPRINGS AT GLEN ELLEN.
*»* the best camping plcnio and pleasure re-
sort on the icput. The greatest - remedy for
lung disease, liver and stomach complalata,
rheumatism and catarrh In the world; 49
mllea from S. F. The 8. P. R. B, and 8. F.
* N. P. B, R. glT« special. rates to campers;
SO cottagea and tents furnished; rest cheap j
no 'fogs nor poison oak at the park: mineral
water, boats, bathing and fishing free. Meal*
served at Hotel Riverside at reasonable rate*.
Inquire of DR. C. C. O'DONNELJU office
1021 V, Market st.. bet. Eixth and Seventh. Saa
Francisco.
For health and pleasure; ear* roar rheum-
atism, malaria, liver, kidney, with the natural
hot batbs and wonderful etomach water*, at
SEIGLER SPRINGS
Arsenlo beauty baths, mineral swimming
pond; orchestra: climate perfect; 30 guests
Bleeping out among the pines; reduced rates;
booklets at PECK'S, 8. P. Co.. 613 Market st.,
or H. II. McQOWAN. Belgler. Lake County.
Hotel EL CARMELO
Paetflo Grove. California. "The Little Del
Monte." At the seaside with bom* comforts.
The place to spend your vacation with your
family. Surf bathing and fishing. Rates
with board f 2 60 a day upward, cheaper thaa
staying home. Send for illustrated pamphlet.
Address GEO. H. CORDT. Manager.
LAKEPORT AND BARTLETT SPRINGS
BTAGK LINE — Hopland to Bartlett Springs,
via Lakeport. carrying passengers for Lakeport
and Bartlett Springs. Stages connect with
trains at HoDland. Leave Hopland at 13*30-
arrlve at Lakeoort at 8:30; arrive at Bartlett
Springs at 7:30. New 6- horse 14- passenger
tourist wagons, with all the most modern im-
provements. Passengers for Lakeport or Bart-
int Springs, call for tickets by Bartlett spnnj»
Stage Line. Tickets can be purchased at offlc*
of* California N. W. Ry.. W0 Market St.. o*
at Tlburon ferry.
----,:' MILLER ft HOWARD. Props.
KUlATH SPRINGS,
Beswlck. EUklyou County, California.
Write to EDSON BROS, for Booklet
LA HONDA AND PBSCADERO
Buy your railroad ticket to Redwood City: a
a. m. train. Sd and Townsend. and 8:20 a. m»
train from San Joee connect with stages direct
Address WALTER KNIGHT. Redwood City.'
¦ ¦4*iwi#t Menlo Park, one hour from
IJnITTJV: c "y- Nln » trains daily. Per-
11 1 1 1 \ tect climaU; beautiful place;
II VI I I W comfort and quiet; excellent
table.
Address W.J.MEREDITH. Mgr.. Holtt's BehooL
HOWELL ML, WOODWORK'S «•?.£
No fog. Purest spring water. Climate natural
tonic and invlcorator. Residence 29 yean. $7
per week. - Woodwortb & Muller. St.Helena.CaL
OWN In mountain* OAHP
EUMMEE HOME of Sonoma Co. MEEJtEK
Pure water, equable climate, lots selllns $10
up; cottages built by -Meeker, $50 up; depot;
stores; restaurant; hotel; cost and express;
telephone; sawmill; 000 lots cold; 300 cottages
built. Sausallto ferry, N. S. R. R. 31. C.
MEEKER. Camo Meeker, Sonoma County.
ZEB TAUAC, I.AB:E TAEOS, ~*T..
BOTH PLANS— AMERICAN and EURO-
PEAN. Rates: AMERICAN— $3 per day and
upward, $17 SO per week and upward. EURO-
PEAN — Rooms, |1 per day and upward. Loca-
tion, service, accommodations, livery and boat-
ing superior to any resort on the lake. ¦ •
TRY TBS QSAPfi CUBE— At Arca-
dian Heights. Lucious mountain grapes, home-
grown vecetables and fruits, cream, milk,
egg-s. «tc. An ideal place to rest. $7 per week.
$2 10 from city. MRS. M. STAFFORD,
Udell. Napa County. Cal. ¦¦¦•¦¦ , -
MOHTS BIO, Sonoma Co. — Overlook-
ing Russian River; 4-rootn cottage to let; com-
pletely furnished for housekeeping. Apply 889
Capp street. ' .-
ORCHARD HOME— Health, rest, ' comfort,
pleasure; boating, bathing; fresh milk, eggs,
frtilt; $7 to S10 week. J. F. ORR. Duncans
Mills, Cal. ¦
ROBTK S20BZ3 HOTEL— On Tomalea
1 Bay. Good table and accommodations Rons*
! gas-lighted. Prices very reasonable. MRS. J.
BH1 ELDS. Marshall*. Marin County. Cal.
SCEAErEK'3 OSOTE — BOSS TAXXdBT.
Private board In* ; - terms reasonable. T«sj>
meets Sunday morning trains. Address Una.
MATT LINDSAT. Ross Station. >-;3gfcjftftBB»l
SB * LA ROZA resort, Santa Cms Mountains;
cottages and tents for light housekeeping or
camping. A. J. GIBBS. Mgr.. Gibbs. Cat
CHEAPEST and best in America — The Weekly
. Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
- United States or Canada one year for II. 'ST. JOSEPH,. Mo., Aug. 20. — Fran
cis Wilson of Platte City was nomi
nated for Congress by the Democratic x
convention of the Fourth District on
the 1021st ballot to-day. The conven
tion had been in a deadlocck sine*
July 26.
Deadlock Is Broken.
NEW YORK. Aug. 20.— Margaret
Dougherty of Rochester, N. T., who
was almost scalped In an automobile
accident August 10, Is recovering at a
hospital here, after undergoing & re
markable operation — which resulted In
the replacing of her scalp — which was
torn from her head. The cuticle al
ready has begun to unite, and the girl's
hair shows such signs of vitality that
the success of the operation Is assured.
Scalp Torn From Head of New York
Woman Is Replaced by
Surgeons.
REMARKABLE OPERATION
PROVES SUCCESSFUL
31 ystic No. 12 of Girard, Kansas, Car
ries 'Off First Honors at
Louisville.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Aug. 20.— The bi
ennial encampment of the Knights of
Pyth'.as closed to-day with the an
nouncement of the awards in the prize
drill. The prizes are as follows:
Class A, free to all companies^ — First
prize, $1000, won by Mystic No. 12,
Girard, Kan.; second, $900, Georgia No.
1, Savannah; third, $700, by Kokomo
No. 6, Kokomo, Ind.
Class B, for companies that have
never won at a supreme encampment —
First, Battle Creek No. 12, Battle Creek,
Mich.; second, Pasadena No. 32, Pasa
dena, CaL; third, Custer No. 56, Green
ville, Pa. ;
Clacs C, all companies organized
since 1902 — First prize, Ivy No. 35,
Rushvllle, Ind.
Cavalry prize — Won by Burns Huz
zars, St. Joseph, Mo.
Artillery prize— Won by Battery A,
No. 32, Wheeling, W. Va.
New Albany. Ind., won the $300 prize
PYTHIANS ANNOUNCE
PRIZE DRILL AWARDS
FIVE PERSONS KILLED BY
A DYNAMITE EXPLOSION
Train Crew Switching Cars at a
Missouri Station Causes a Fatal •
Catastrophe.
NEVADA, Mo., Aug. 20. — Five per
sons were killed at Minden, a station
on a branch of the Missouri Pacific
Railroad, this afternoon by the explo
sion of a car of dynamite.
The dead: Station Agent Brooks,
wife and daughter of Minden; Engineer
Rodea and Fireman Todd, both of Ne
vada.
A train crew on a local freight was
switching some cars, when they struck
a car of dynamite.
FILIPINO WORLD'S FAIR
COM3USSION AT SEATTLE
Officials Are to Be the Guests of
Northern City for
Two Days.
SEATTLE, Aug. 20.— The Filipino
Commislon, which Is touring this coun
try at the expense of the Government,
arrived in Seattle last night direct from
St. Louis. The Commissioners were
DAVIDSON FINDS NEW
LOCK ON THE DOOR
Dc|Kjsed Soperintendent of Schools Is
Unable to Enter the Private
Office.
SA2C DIEGO, Aug. 20.— Professor F.
P. Davidson, who has been at liberty
to visit the rooms of the Citv Board
of Education at his pleasure since he
was deposed as Superintendent of
Schools, this morning, found himself
locked out of the room which was used
as the private office of the Superin
tendent, a new lock having been put
' on the door during the night bv rep
eentatives of the board.
'This afternoon President Baker of
the board, accompanied by C. W. Mc-
Kee. *a lawyer, also a member of the
. board, called upon Professor Davidson
. aiiQ demanded from hip the keys. The
dt-mand was refused. This relates to
the keys of the cuter doers of the board
: rooms. Profcsror Davidson \ has com
xpwred Fuit against the board, and
the 'case is warmins up.
the State of West Virginia, he wrote a
letter of introduction at the request of
Governor Boggs. Governor Pardee says
the letter contained nothing that would
cause the board to swerve' from the
strict path of duty.
met by a committee • from the Cham
ber of Commerce and taken to a prom
inent hotel, where they will remain
as guests of the city for two days. Then
they will leave for San Francisco. To
day they will visit the big shingle mills
at Ballard and the United States navy
yard.
KEANE APPOINTED STATE
VETERINARIAN BY PARDEE
Los Angeles Man Named to Succeed
C. II. Blemer. Whose Term
Has Expired.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 20.— Charles
Keane of Los Angeles was to-day ap
pointed State Veterinarian by Gover
nor Pardee, vice C. H. Blemer, whose
term has expired.
Keane was formerly connected with
the Bureau of Animal Industry of Min
nesota and lately has been United
States inspector of cattle at Los An
geles.
Lease Lnnd for Resort.
SAN DIEGO. Aug. 20.— A ten-year
lease has been secured by parties In
this city for several thousand acres of
land surrounding the Tia Juana Hot
Springs, below the international .boun
dary line, for the purpose of building
up a health and pleasure resort. Twen
ty-five thousand dollars will be ex
pended the first year, the hotel to cost
tl 5,000. A large game preserve will be
one of the features of the resort.
FARM HAND IN PETALUMA
MANGLED BY MACHINERY
Loses Left Foot and May Have to
Suffer Amputation of Rest
of Limb.
FETALUMA, Au*. 20.- White at
work on a threshing., machine on the
Peters ranch near this city to-day John
Ackerman met "with a horrible acci
dent. ' He was \ standing on a board,
near the cylinder of the machine and,
losing his balance, fell. His left foot
was caught in the rapidly running ma
chinery. His foot was completely sev
ered Just above the ankle and the. leg
badly mangled. ,; Ackerman;' was has
tily- brought to .town" and; was i after
ward sent to the ,County Hospital.;; It
is. feared that the remaining : part of
his leg; will have to be amputated.
Mysterious Shooting: in Stockton.
STOCKTON, Aug. 20.— H. J. Mc-
Devlt, .under the influence of liquor,
called at'a downtown saloon this morn
ing, suffering from a pistol wound in
his left elbow! He ; asked that a . sur
geon - be summoned, but ' declined ; to
state the circumstances of the shoot-
Ing, nor « say who committed the deed.
It is supposed there is a woman at the
bottont; of it, v •
INTRODUCE. STUDENTS, TO
BOARD, THAT IS ALL
Governor. Pardee Says Only Letter He
Ever Wrote to : Pharmacists Could
• • Be Published. : ;£
- SACRAMENTO, Aug. 20.— Governor
Pardee to-day said that he has never
written /any letter to the State Board
of Pharmacy or any other State board
or officer., that might : not be with .per
fect propriety - published > to the world.
Tn : the case of. one young man named
L. Boggs, the son . of the Governor, of
for the largest company ln the encamp
ment, Nashville second.
Tha Seattle company won tho prlza
showing the greatest mileage, with
Pasadena second.
Mrs. Frank was cautioned by the po
* lice twicers that she had better be a
little careful as to her acts ln dealing
v fcth neople below the line. Their ad
vice was that she see the Lieutenant
Governor the first thing and tell him
her story and get his permission, if
possible, to see the child. It is under
stood that Sirs. Frank made the trip
unaccompanied by an officer and that
she had no papers giving her a right
to see the child. Reports have come to
her that the child has not been prop
erly treated.
SAN DIEGO, Aug. 20.— This morning
II rs. Theodore Frank of San Fran
cisco, who has been in this city for sev
eral days trying to secure possession of
her child, which is in the custody of her
husband, stated it as being her inten
tion during the day to make the trip to
Tia Juana for the purpose of seeing: the
thlld and getting possession of It If
it were possible.
31rs. Theodore Frank Fails to Heed
the Warnings of San Diego
Police.
JOURNEYS TO MEXICO
TO GET HER CHILD
"That the Rev. J. W. Miller, quoted
in this morning's issue of the Sun, de
serted his wife and two small chil
dren in Florida to Join the 'Jumpers,'
and to cover up his identity went un
der the name of John Williams until
he learned of his wife's death, and his
two children are now with the moth
er's parents in Florida, This fact is
known by all the members of the
Third-street band. (Signed) FLOR
ENCE LYNCH."
"As to my cruel treatment, well,
1 have in my possession two bunches
of hair that my father pulled out of
my head last Sunday evening, which
was done, as well as choking, in the
presence of the members of the. 'Holy
Jumpers.' and not a word or act in
my behalf was said or done. I have
]eft the "Holy Jumpers' for reasons
of ill treatment, for vicious and low
conduct of its members.
"That neither my lather nor mother
were ever divorced hot married except
ns they Trero married by the church
ofhaerx. Married people joining the
"Hoiy Jumpers' must gi-re up their
former husbands and wives and choose
It om among the members, as the for
mer marriages, so they teach, are
¦wholly sinful and can never be of God.
I have a half sister, whom my mother
has told, And who each one of the
*:>dult members of the band living at S4-4
Third street well knows has for a
father J. PL Hudson and whose mother
is my mother, Lizzie Lynch. Other lDca
conditions exi5t and are openly advo
cated by the members.
"As to the charge that I deserted the
''Holy Jumpers' because of my willful
ness, I will state I have never been
willful or disobedient, except as my
t>wn mother insisted that I should
marry a Mr. Hike, a worthless member
of the band. In this I did disobey and
v.iU continue to do bo. The accusation
most unkind that I have kept com
pany, or even been with persons of
questionable character other than 'Holy
Jumpers,' is absolutely false. I have
never been with any one, male or
female, other than 'Holy Jumpers,' and
I have JCO on deposit in the San Ber
nardino National Bank, which I will
£ive to any one proving that I have
been.
SAX BERXAEDIXO, Ans- 28. —
J^crcnce I^jtmJs. the little girt -who
promises to break up the religions sect
called the ~Holy Jumpers," in
Oaliiorsla, xna£e a sensational affl
da.-rtt to-dar, la Trtilcli sh« accuses tha
members o£ the sect of committing
bigamy. She claims that ali vrho Join
must reaoanee former marriages and
select "B-ivea from among the members
of tha sect.
Her ov-a father and mother did this,
she claims. She also says her father
not fmty left her a prisoner, but bru
tally beat her, culminating his attack
by pulling a handful of hair from her
head. She offers the ha<r as an exhibit.
Tha affidavit follows;
To trhom it may concern — Florence
Lynrfi. being first duly sworn, deposes
und &ax&: "1 am of the age of 16 years
and the d&n.shter ot James Lynch and
Lizzie Lynch, both members of the or
yarizaMon known as 'Holy Jumpers.'
ily parents joined tha same when I
\ i-s S years dd and we hare been
menibers ever since. That upon Joining
said orsanization they renounced their
former isanl2.ge and ray father chose
Ssr&h H OoHlns as ytrli e. My mother
chosa J. R. Hxxdsoa as husband. Both
Ht*. CqITItw aod ilr. Hudson rrere
married and thyrir husband and wife
chose other members as their wife and
husband.
Sj-wcUl Ptytfia t» Ti» CmH.
Gaim Is Made That Former
Marriages Were Xot of
God and Therefore Sinfnl
D1V0ECE UXraCESSABY
Little Florence Lynch Tells
*of Loose Social Relations
.Among Members of Band
HOLY JUMPERS
TRADE WIVES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 21, 1904.
48
HALES. | BALE'S. \ - HALE'S. I ' HALES. \ HALES. I ,
Most Sweeping Reductions of the Year at Hale's. White Waists, Colored Waists. Hundreds; Every Price in
• the Store Marked Way Down.
Woman after woman has been surprised at the unusualness of Hale regular waist values. when she reads this news? . Even if she is going to put them away till next summer it will be econ-
One customer, looking at the 95c waists the other day, was overheard to say to another, "See omy. You will pay less in most every case than we may have to pay lor tne very same patterns
this waist; it's exactly like one I bought yesterday at for $1.50." That very pattern is out and styles next summer. ; . . . . - . .
to-morrow at 65c. ¦ \ Scores of the styles have not been in over a month ; every one is bright and fresh and des:r-
75c White Waists are 48c, 65c Colored Waists are 35c, 75c Colored Waists are 48c. No able. We can't carry one of them over. We need the room for fall stock, wnentne Hale store
white waist higher than $1.95 to-morrow. This one was $3.75 yesterday. No colored waists higher does a thing it doesn't do it by halves, and these waists must go. inese new P"ces win take
than 85c to-morrow; this one was $1.95 yesterday. ' them. All spread out on tables on the second floor to-morrow. And a window of them m so you
It's the event of the year. We know no one will fail to grasp its importance. can see some of them to-day. No matter if you haven't been thinking ot waists, tninK ot them
What woman won't want new waists to wear during conclave ? What woman won't get them now and think of Hale's.
§ White Waists at 48c • Colored Waists at 35c
Of white lawn, pleated and trimmed with embroidery and insertion. In striped madras. They have been splendid values at 65c ; in pink,
Those at 65c were regular 95c waists. Then there are others at 89c, blue and oxblood, puff sleeves and narrow band cuffs. * x *"
$1.15, $1.45, $1.85 and $1.95. The last ones were ?3-75- Others at 48c, 55c and 85c that were up to $1.95. In percale, gingham, madras. Some plain bh*de
All of them trimmed with lace or embroidery, some swell ideas with the bertha effect. Others have ones; others in black and white, and all the most liked shades. Many of those swell knickerbocker shirt
broad shoulders, tucked and pleated. All of them have extra large sleeves, stock collars and French backs. waists that button down the front. Most of them have standing collars and large puff sleeves. All sixes.
All sizes, 32 to 44. 32 to 44.
Ends of Carpet Rolls Now Is the Time to Save Money on The New Knit Underwear
Cut Into Right Sizes for Mats. f^ | 1-4-^4 13 I !• For Women. Starts at 25c.
Our New York office sends them to us. A i^ I f\ tl sK £T f\ Tl O i»£*£i fi 1 fl O*Q It>3 our first vvord of u . ndcrwear f ? r wint ?, r -
thousand in all, Axminster, Velvet and Body Uiail.l^WlO-.ailU i^^UUlll^O We have waited to have lines complete. We
Brussels Carpets, accumulation of ends of rolls ' Hale's is the place. • are ad y n ° w - .
from a large Eastern dealer in carpets. The Two weeks more and the Knights Templar will be here and every room in San Francisco '„.?*" ""Ij!!^" f^f^nt X L «rlv
orices are an average half less than thev would wil1 be taxed to its utmost - Are you going to rent? Have you all the beddings you need? Maybe WaIe s to - morrow - Ana not a Dlt too eariy.
be Thought b yZlE 7 y~ -ed beddings for your own winter supply. Then tl/nk of Hale's nov/ gg g™jg «g gaSg-g
Fine ruffs to out in front of the dresser or , Women know this Hale bedding store. So do lodging-house and hotel keepers. We are as sct3 in the arms and Ire ribbed. Ail seams ?ov-
-riuc rug* 10 put in iront 01 tne aresser or care f u i as can be to have nothing but good beddings, the best we can buy, and have them at ered. Pants have French yoke bands and dose-
tne door,, or to put in the bathroom or office. i ower pr i ces always. This week usual advantages are increased. Take these ' fittin S ankles. It's a value at the very start of
Carne»t Fnrl Mate rtOr the season y° u might expect at a clearance.
warpeL cnu mats, OUC Y\/l-i«4-z% Q1n^lr/%fr» £ 1 OA O And tkeseother prices are as unusual for the
Axminster and body Brussels, splendid, patterns YV IllLC OlcHllvCtS 9 1 iZU 1 1 • garments they represent,
and colorings, convenient rug size. If bought by the . • Women's Underwear at 50c:
yard in the roll they would be worth $1.25. In the If they were pure white they would be $1.50. There was a little fault in the bleach. It doesn't affect the H aif wool vests and pants, ribbed and shaped, fall and
second floor drapery store at 60c warmth, or the durability or the value of the blanket in the least. Yet it affects the price. They're full winter weight, vests with grussets In the arms, pearl
iut -.- double bed size, good white cotton with blue and pink borders. $1.20 pair. buttons and covered seams. Pants with French yoke
Mats at 35C Wool Blankets, $6.95 pair: }«} ™ gxg. * •«< | pr.: Lso. at PilIows$I25 . . KS«£~ "* "^ < • — •¦
ve^g'iSSLSS ll iSd?Bri, 1 S, Jnd^lve?^ ***** «•" JL white California at » M g "^ at S>S 'art ticking, filled with Women's Underwear, 75c :
\V7~LaI ~«/;f!i 1 t S W001 blankets, extra large, double bed a * 00 * grade of feathers. Regular J2.00 Natural gray sanitary wool garments, fall and winter
pet ends, livery home can nnd some place for a few size: a magnificent value. They have Grav Wool $600 nair- Pillows at $1.25 each. weight, contains enough cotton to prevent shrinking.
of these, 35c. Besides other bargains from the second red borders, but the red runs Into the * £# • V"^7 F * P P rf Snrpprte nRr pnrri • Sizes 32 to 44. 73c each,
floor drapery store: white a little. Share them at $6.95 In- California wool, light shade, gray. 72 • D "*'?P reaas, 90 C eacn . j w «t TT«M.r.,.«r
J stead of $9. x8 ° lr ». blankets, $6.00 pair. White crocheted ones, size 70x80 In., Silk and Wool Underwear, $2.0O.
SailitarV Art SaiiareS at $>2 OS >> r* t>i i * Bood weI £ht. Swiss ribbed. Vests with high neck, long sleeves. An-
odiuwry Ail squares ai s^.cp Cotton Blankets at 48c : Gray Blankets, $3.95 pair: Hemstitched Sheets, 55c: kie-ien S th tight, to match, cream; .tees 4. 6 «ad «.
bize 9x9 feet; the very best, heavy grade of mita or 46x76 In 48c each- Wool and cotton, size 72x84 In., $3.95 Made of a good quality muslin. Sizes -,', , T T J
cotton patterns are the very same as you will 52x70 in.. 76c each; 70x82 in .at 98c paln 54x9 °- 55 °: 63x9 °- 60c : 72x90 ' 65c : 90x Children s Underwear, 25c:
find in fine wool squares, colors perfectly fast, a each: 76x82 ln " at »' 45 - Robe Blankets, $1.25 : Cases' iTc each • S^ fl SKSS e liS2^eTgna. "&ff&& b & d »K2
fine covering for a hardwood floor; 9x10^ White Blankets at $2.45: single blankets for gum^r "be. 0, afade ' J fle^ allty muslIn . hemmed ,
feet at $3.45; 9X12 feet at $3.95. Wool and cotton. «4x76 In.. $2.45 pr.: £™vs Jl "5 ' ' ' and slze * 5x36 - 15c ' 25c each.
Smvrna Ruir« <fc T ,c Fnnr "f in - * 2 - 95 pr; 72x84 ft. at $3.90 * y ' '^ Bleached Cases, I2^c: Misses' Vests and Pantalets 50c:
Smyrna KUgS &I.75. *OOt btOOlS 45c. pair. Comforters, 7OC each : Hemmed, 46x36. at 12%c; 50x36. at In white and natural wool: soft, fine quality, fall and
Regular $2.25 value; good A new lot of • dainty foot- Wliif- Wnn1 TlinnWc *-» nt? «otV • Double bed size covered with fi«mr«i 17%c; 64x36, at 20c. winter weight, sizes 3 to 15 years. 50c each.
£8 t taa5? d itailnS with 3 a SfsSiiSSffSd" 1 s y or , tends J\,, Wool,BIankets, $3.95 pair: gjgjj^ Hemstitched Cases, 12c: Infants' Vests, 25c:
w^l i frSe. fl $i S ?5 dWltha VClVCt SSls* wSVta 6 l?t5'*P&£ O 3. S? °V^ Ot J er ' fiUed With White COt " Bleached. 45x36. at 12c; 45x36. at Cream white, ribbed, open down the front, wrapper
' wu " uriau " ! - the mills. 58x78 In., at $3.95, 68x80, at ton. 79c each. 17%c; 60x36, at 25c; 54x36, at 27V-C style, sizes 6 mos. to 2 years. 25c each.
M«2f5'$iX> 4200 Sample Handkerchiefs pg||gi Millinery Interest Great
That would usually cost $1.55. At llyZc—Wortk i$c and 25c. \ }%* more of that same silk that j t j las grown immensely this last week
Best music news for three days, At 18c— Worth 2ZC and one made such a stir last week. Many ""* S J
60 inches; finished with a y ?! ->c£ 7i£ 5 ,i 3 j 11 '^ not b ? n - g ab , c Not only women, but expert milliners have been surprised at
Monday Tuesday and Wednes- . At 25C — Wdrtk 3CC and ZOC. to sha . rc them - Th e second install- Y L j
juonaay, lucsaay anu w cuuca A +eft« tis j i j* ment is here now. the values they have seen. They don t understand how we can do
day. Including: At DUC VVOrifl 7CC a?ld &I.OO. It makes a pretty waist or shirt -^j ,-r-ni- rj*. ujj^^a
" „ . * n c^^^t c • v -J j u jt t.. / , IT , t waist suit; comes in browns. b!ues it, and so early. Full lines of ready-to-wear hand-made hats in
S«.f°. Ue .^tr°" rtep '" I ah , Sample Swiss embroidered handkerchiefs. We spoke for greens and the new metal shade cMt1e . r o11 cf^ oc
rS^SSr m^ H*e»rt All them long ago. If we hadn't some big Eastern firm would have ffi\i lttle dashes and dots ln whlte> y fl l *-
•wtSS 7 orWra';"TaiiV -P^- snapped them up. It's another evidence of Hale forehandedness And some New Fall Dress Goods! Hflt'Q 9l\ 7S flnH ?R4 7S
W «S.!?^r..~> lOr and the benefits this buying brings. They are here for the women A Tailored Suiting at 45c 37 inches HaiS dl v£O./J dHU $t./O
T^oi *££• f. to T* $ 1 HO of San Francisco- to share at average half price. jjjjf- $£? he t re>s a nc d w Zibeline . 37 Exclusive milliners would charge $8.00 to $10 for and every; 'da^t
Primmer'. serVnadV. 1 •\J\J They'rs all on the cards, just as the drummers carried them in And we are stui miking skirts. express brines more in from New York.
wa«x *'"> their trunks. When you see how good and clean they are and how All that is necessary for you to do is _. . , . . . „ , „ , „„„.._ «?„ .*•. , m »_
m j ~~^~r ¦ wond f e r r om mussing and how differcnt frora ordinar y ««»pfcvyou win tj,^ ss.r^.sgTfr^s; n u d w ffiS'iPiS'iair s*a: ss:
Monday. Men's l6 2-3C. wonder. . . Further Information "at the dress coods shapes, all the new colors, all the new trimmings are here and ln lmmens.
. >• 1 j. -t f\ r% • JBut tne handkerchiefs ' are different from ordinary samples. The department variety; turbans; small toques, those large broad-brimmed hats ox felt or
OOCKS at lUC Half maker is one of the most careful and particular in the world, and mohair or zibeline. Velvet in a favorite trimming. Some of the nobbl«t
li*« «mnlnve Mr ,(, 1 i «_j „«„ T*t,-«.»- *u /v ' . , o » ± •»» » • styles of all have moleskin edgings and little owl heads Jauntily fixed at
Tuesday, too. If there are any left. ? e «niploys careful and particular men. That s the reason the stock See what 2KC Will do the side The new burnt orange is a favorite shade, both for whole hat.
it's a big "if." They are specially is so clean and nice. 1. hat s the reason the handkerchiefs are so i-« i i and for trimmings, yet fall shades In red. green, brown and Unt ar» ben
good French lisle stockings, abso- good. Ill Jewelry in immense variety. There's a window full now.
which makS 8 then? r^oft n 2nd g SS t s «?pl e ?-*etter than regular lines, yet at average half the prices At the Hale jewelry store. i'C^k :
fortable to wear; double heels and 9* re SUlar lines. At I2%c. 18c. 25c and 50c. See them in a window to- Brooches at 25c— Prettily set with rhine- , - ¦
B%^£BtB. % -— • ( oo """ b ' Minthtfancygoods W; Rrst timt t0 '- »SSsS e Z Outinp; Flannel 6Mc
sizes from 9 »£ to 11%. \ . pl wl. ed ' som t of th?m oxldl » ed - set *^ ---
Now Three. New Ribbons SSS&a&T And a SaIe of Wash Goods '
SfirSSniCS Three special^ "-^^^Wp^ . Both new. «n^ enough to inte^b.^^nM.
rare chance. 98c. t« u. ,t, rt ,„ t nr m fi Mf *:,,,. Tvr nn J^r wu 4. v " L~^' ¦»©«* and Watch Pin. 25o— Bug de- . The outing flannel is 27 inches wide, fine and -fleecy; cornea in pink
_ _ To be shown for the first time Monday. .What woman won't be S n * lt £»SSS2 a ln red and « reen » and blue, pretty striped patterns. Heavy enough for night gown, and M-
We have underpriced go-carts: interested in tniS Oner _ , wairt Sets, 85c — 4-plece pearl ones, new monas. 6%c yard. :
$15.00 to $17.00 Carts to . . . $9.50 At 2OC Yd. At 15c Yd. Sftih S «nBra5c— In assorted designs " And thewash goods are at prices that will pay you to btry now «s£
$16.00 to $18.50 Carls to. . . $11.95 . It's a new 3^-inch printed warp '^! n ? h hLTbSn^hSS^fS? a a js TnTx P«t away till next spring if necessary. It's a clearance with tu.
A splendid chance to buy a good and Dresden ribbon,: beautiful sS7rkltaJ ? and full oi ? life it's a . 40c for 6 PlateS OF - " ' " ! -^
cart and save money. flowers on white grounds, with fisfsV^vard. 0110 wantS ' WhIle " 6 Cups and Saucers — — — • *fS7
colored borders; an entirely new A ' PIates arc th| light wd ht scmi . MAJL yQUR ORDER 4^^ ffl
*W ~ ' ° nC y ° U Z **£*? Pure silk taffeta ribbon. Nos. 5 and Porcelain with neat beading border; „ you Uve out of /!5 »^L<©llS
£2b ffl to sce at- 20c yard. This • Hale 7; colors and black. regular $1.00 dozen values. " \^ onvM ,i nP /M/ /W/ &&&£* *§£&> Vgfe^^ <&B* r J&'
M ffl <&3fr &&*&£*? -£*#k ribbon store does the unexpected And we'll tie all bows free. That's Cu P s and saucers aro tea size, fancy ; 0TV ", ro^ *"* ,,, /Ml '**' '
"-£^~ss^ ' %$M^M$M W^MmMM'M iaES-^" s^"-- ; a-r^x.""! M^^^sss^sss^