The Sunday Call Magazine-.Her. mouth,: which was plainly in
view,* had- the' expression of ' suffering
that is acquired ; by the mouths of those
who have - been forced/ to ; endure sud
denly and 'silently. Her; thoughts ? re
.verted:.to' Essex -\ and the > scene in the
cottage.;/, She "wondered ~IfJ the: smart
and shame of [ it would ever lessen— lf #
she; would eyer'see'hlm'again, and' what*
he would say. /. She could"' not • imagine
him as anything but master of himself.
: ; aV the soothing rays enveloped her,
Mariposa felt '.the strain of mind and
body relax and a sense of rest suffuse
her. She stretched herself in^o a "more
reposeful ' attitude, one arm thrown
along v the back of the bench. Her book
lay beside, her on the seat. To keep
the I blinding j; light "from "her eyes she
tilted her 'hat forward till the shade of
its, brim cut cleanly across the middle
of her' face.".. •
small nut thumb and finger.
This she nibbled gingerly as they
passed under the odorous, dark shade
of the cypresses. Benito spread a trail
of shells behind him, dragging his feet
in silent happiness, his eyes fixed on the
brilliant prospect of sunlit green that
filled j In the end of the vista like a
drop-curtain. . ?'*-':.
As they emerged from the cypress
shadows the lawns and shrubberies of
the park lay; before them
vivid , in their variegated greens. The
scene suggested a picture in Its mo
tionless beauty, the sunlight sleeping
on stretches of shaven turf where the
peacock strutted, the red dust of the
drive unstirred by wind or wheel.xRich
earth scents mingled with perfume
of the winter blossoms, delicate breaths
of violets from beneath the trees, spices
exhaled by belated roses still bravely
blossoming in November, and now and
then a whjff of the acrid, animal odor of
the eucalyptus.
. Following pathways, now damp be
neath the shade of melancholy spruce,
and pine, now hard and dry between
velvety lawns, they came out on *a
large circular opening. Here Mariposa
sat down on a bench, with her back
to a sheltering mass of fir and hemlock,
the splendid sunshine pouring on her.
Benito, with his bag in his hand,
trotted off to the grassy slope opposite
where custom has* ordained that little
boys may roll about" and play! He hafl
hardly settled himself there to the fur
ther enjoyment of his nuts when, an
other boy appeared and made friendly
overtures, "with* his eyes on the bag.
Mariposa could not hear them, but she
could see the first advance and Benlto's
somewhat wary eylngs of the stranger.'
,Ih; a few moments the formalities of
introduction were over, and they were
both lying* on their stomachs on the
grass, kicking gently, with their toes,
while the bag stood between them.
Mariposa had intended to read, but
her book lay unopened in her lap. The
Bun in - California is something more
than. warming and cheerful. • It is me
dicinal. There is some unnamed balm
in its light that soothes the tormented
spirit and .rests and . revivifies the
body. It is at once. a stimulant and a
sedative.. ".'* It seems to have sucked up
healing breaths from the resinous for
ests " ihla'nd . and /to be . exhaling them
again upon those who : cannot seek
their aid. , , -
.So. Essex /deliberated,/ carefully and
without haste,' for there was.- plenty of
¦time; : '.-/ •. : : /*•;. •'¦ ; .-¦ " ; - ' / .- • .¦¦"'.. •
. The bright days continued. On a ra
diant 'Saturday afternoon, Mariposa,
tired . with , a morning's ' - teaching,
started forth, to spend an~hour or 'two
In ; the park. She 'had* done 'this several
times before, finding the green peace
and solitude of that "beautiful spot
soothing to her, harassed spirit. It was
a long ride in those days, and this had
'its charm, the steam dummy cresting
the tops of sandy hills, clothed with
lupins . and tiny frightened oaks,
crouching before the sea winds. On
'tthis' occasion she had invited the escort
of i Benito, who had, been hanging
drearily about the house, thinking with
mingled triumph" and 'envy, of Miguel,
who had gone with his mother to have
a tooth pulled'Out.. : -, -.
- "Pulling the: tooth's bad, of course,"
Benito had said to Ma«-iposa./as he
trotted by her side to the car, : "but
then. afterward there's candy. I dunno
but' what it's wortlj while. .And then
you have the tooth."
. "Have the tc-oth ! " said . Mari posa.
"What do you want the tooth for?
"You can show It to the boys in
school, and' you can generally trade it.
I traded mine for a knife with two
blades, but both of .'em was broke." /
benito,. was becoming very friendly
with Mariposa. He was a cheerful and
expansive poul. Could they have heard
him, Uncle Gam and his mother might
have suffered some embarrassment on
the score of his revelations as to their
quarrels concerning his upbringing.
Benito had thoroughly gauged the ca
pacity of each of them in resisting his %
'charms and urging him to higher and
better things. He was already at the
stage when his mother appealed slight
ly to his commiseration and largely to
his sense of humor. . Mariposa saw that
while he had grasped the great fact
that his Uncle Gam had an unfortu
nately snft heart,; he also knew there
was a/ stage/ when it was resolutely
hardened and' his most practiced wiles
fell baffled from the surface.
They alighted from the ¦ car at what
was then the main entrance, and,' side
by, side, Benito fluently talking, sihade
toward .the gate. Here", a peanut/ven
der had artfully placed his stall, and
the fumes from the roasted nuts rcise
gratefully to .the nostrils of the^small
boy. He/said nothing, but BniffedAvith
"an ostentatious noise.' and then looked
sldewise at Mariposa. One of the
sources of his resp<*ot ; for her ...was/ that
she was so quick in reading the Ian-'
guagecrf the eye. /One did.not vulgarly
.have to demand things of her. He -felt
; the7nickel in , his hand 'and galloped
tolthe stand, to return slpwlrv his hea4
on Tone 'side, an eye ' investigatlng^the
contents of the opened /paper bag he
/
' Being /a gentleman of ¦ gallant • for
bears/ he offered this to Mariposa, lis
fteiiing '.with/ some ,uneaiiness_ to - the
scraping her fingers among > its con
* tents." s;He ¦• had ' an awful j. thought ; that
> might '> be : likti- Miguel, who: could
"never" be , trusted to (withdraw his band
until it was full to bursting/-But'Mar
; iposa's eventually/ emerged / with " one
nor varied in ¦ hlg/details. / His mind,
confused and|addled on other matters,
retained this .'memory' .with uhblurred
clearness. " ¦ , .' " 'j '¦¦'".
To the astonishment of hls~*w,orld,
Win Shackleton announced rKls inten
tion of retaining The Trumpet; and
conducting it, himself, on the lines laid
down by his father. There was a slight
shifting of positions, in which some
were advanced and one or two heads
were unexpectedly lopped off ¦ and
thrown In the basket. The new rtiler.
took control with a .decision that
startled those who had regarded him
as a typical millionaire's son. The men
on the paper, who had seen the time of
their lives coming ' 1 the managership
"of a feeble and Inexperienced boy, were
awakened from their dreams by feeling
a hand on the reins as tight "as that of
Jake Shackleton himself. '.Win i had
ideas. Mrs. Wlllers was advanced to
the managership of the Woman's; page,
into which she swept triumphant; with
Miss Peebles, the young woman of the
"Foibles and' Fancies" column, ln r her
wake. Barry Essex was lifted t' to a
staff ; position, at,- a /high salary/and
had: to himself one of the little' cells
that branch off the main passage. ;. . .
Here' he worked ? hard,' 1 . for" Win per
mittedno drones in his, hive. The luck
was with "Essex,, as it; had been/often
before in his varied career. I Things had
fallen together Exactly .' as they \ shou" 1
for the/ furthering of : his? designs. ¦/¦ It
would take a long wooing To win over
Mariposa. Now, he could save money
against ' the . day when he? \ and she
would leave together for the "/Europe
VAIN PLEADINGS.
Are there not, • * ; ' •
Two points in the adventure 'ot "the diver:
One — when a beggar tie prepares to plunge;
One — when a prince he rises with. his pearl?
. .'¦'/;; •••
CHAPTER XIV.
;< "He -.knew her father- long ago, min
ing,-in the Sierra, andMoreau'did him
a^ffopdfturjj-.up there. -Your father had
nevijr^forgotten itiand was anxious to
repa^jty^by helping the daughter. . Sh^
dor£t=&eejn to be easy to help."
Wtyt,'« r aS;-_he dressed for ; dinner,, medi
tateuj.on;.hfs mother's explanation^ -It
sounded -. ' reasonable enough, only a
thirst to repay: past obligations -was
hot— according to his experience^ and
memories— a- peculiarity that had trou
bled his' father. Both he and Maud
knew that all the generosities and char
ities of the household had been inspired,
by their mother. His 'childish memory
was stocked by recollections of her
urging the advantage of the bestowal
qf pecuniary aid to this and that per-
BO,n, association and charity. It was she
who had aved Jake. Shackletqn from
the accusation of meanness, which Cal
ifornia society invariably , makes
against its rich men.
dressed dad, evidently not of the world
of bonanza millions. He wished that
he knew her,' now that, he had made .,
up his mind to spend some months; in*
San Francisco, ' paying -court to the
heiress who would make-him sjich an
admirable wife, and inJwhose society-.;
time hu^g so heavily on his hands. .•<
Mariposa excused .herself /and hurr
rled away, j She wals x -angry and. con
fused. It seemed to; her..she had done
nothing but' be rude and obstinately
stupid, while the cold and composed;
older woman, had eyed her, with wary
attentlveness..; What did Mrs. Shackle- 3
ton think she had m.eanli? She felt that
the widow had not, for a '. moment,
abandoned the scheme of sending her
away. Descending the wide steps | in
the early dark,', the girl realized that
the woman she" had just left was not ¦
going to be beaten from her purpose
by what appeared a .girl's unreasona
ble caprice." '. ; • ¦ '¦»-¦' V •. -
A man coming up the^ steps brushed ,
by her, paused for a moment, and then
mechanically- raised' his hat. In the
gleam of ; the ; Jamps; held aloft at the: ?
top: of the flight, she - recognized the'
thin face- and eye 'glasses j of Win*
Shackletan- She did not return the sa--_
lute, : asY Ir*- was completely 1'uhexpectedi '¦'
and -rfronV-.lhe fo^t ,of the stairs v she";
heard'lh36'4i]V door'bang behind him. -v :';?.
, ".Whp']^l§S^a"V glf it i..et on the steps ¦
just ino^vieijrng out?'N Win aske^d. his^!
mother* Ss l 4.hfcy went upstairs together./.:
:' :?That oreau i your' father: was;
interest ed Mn. He 4 was v folng * to send j
her to PafiVto learn singing."'
* '¦¦ "What was she doing here ?" ' -' *'
f AV'I sent far her. I wanted to talk over
things, with* 1 : her. ; ')I: 'intended' sending'.
her.!! •-;/¦"?"'¦-" .' . ¦*¦¦¦'" '¦ ¦. .'
•- 'lAnddidVyou fix it?" f ¦ . '-•
\ %Nq£ with; a little laugh; "she's a,
very't c'hange^le^ young .woman. /She .
says'/she doesn't, want to go now; ..that .
she's; ecme to the conclusion she doesn't ;.
wanti to be under^he obligation."" r -.¦
"That's fu^riy," said Win.,- "She must
be^sprt of original. .Mommer.why did
the governoriwant to send her. to Paris?-'
What was- Unmade 'him so Interested, In
her?" ¦'„!-.'.;'¦¦ ¦ - ¦ -.:"¦•¦ ¦¦;'-¦¦'.
where tney: were to conquer, fame and
fortune. . . .
He. had had other talks with Harney
since, the .evening of his revelation. He
was convinced that the man was telling
the'.truth. He had known-men before
of Harney 's type and wondered why the
drunkard had not , made • use • { of ; his
knowledge for his own . advancement.
He had evidently kept his eye on both
Shackleton and ,Moreau, and it .was
strange, : that, as j the two men rose to
affluence, he had not .'used the/ugly "se
cret '; he' held. The. only explanation 'of
it was that they'held^an eyen '-greater
power over himl "He had undoubtedly
had reason to fear both men. • Shackle
ton, once arrived at the pinnacle of his
success," .would , have crushed - like ''a
beetl in his path' this drunken •threat
ener of his peace. ; Moreau, whose every
movement he "seemed to have followed,
had'¦;evidently . had la held over him.
Hold or no hold, Shackleton would have
swept him' aside by the power of -Ms
money and his ' position. Into". the obli-
Aion that awaits the .enemies of ¦ rich'
and^unscrupulous men:'f ./
. Now both\were <^ead, <But the day of
Harney's power was over. \ Enfeebled
in mind and-bjbdy^by drink and. disease,
he" had"'neithor!thV force nor the -brain
to be < dangerous. ¦'*. His uses were" ifnferely
those'^bf :'an irjstriiment in "daring hands.
VAn^^hoie ha«Td8 afed found h^rroy There
were long talk's • n^ Essex's room in the
evenings, .' during liwhlch' the story wag,
:threshed but;'^.Oieof ge Harney, '.' drunk
or "sober, neither* contradicted himseli
"That's It. I want you to go to
Paris, as he wanted you to go. I want
you to study to be a singer. I'll pay it
all — education, masters, and a months
ly sum for living besides. I don't
think, from what' I hear, that it would
be necessary for you to study more
than two or three years. Then you
would make your appearance as a
grand opera prima donna, or concert
Einger. as your teachers thought fit. I
don't, know much about it, but I -be
ll eve they can't always tell about a
voice right off at the start. Anyway,
I'd see to it that yours' got every
cliiince for the best development."
She ¦paused..
"I— I'm— afraid It will be impossi
ble." taid Mariposa,- in a low voice.
"Impossible!" exclaimed the eider
woman, sitting upright in -her Bur
prise. "Why?" ' '•
Mariposa had come to the house of
Mrs. Shackleton burning with a sense
i»he looked at Mariposa, not smiling,
nor condescending, but with a hard
earnestness. The girl raised her eyes
and the two glances met.
"His wishes will regard to me?"
said Mariposa, with a questioning in
flection.
'•Exactly, I understand just how it
r.as. And it wasn't fair that simply
because you didn't happen to be able
to " go* to the office at that time you
should lose your chance of a musical
education and all that might have
come out of it. Now, Miss Moreau.
It's my intention to carry out my hus
band's wishes."
Maiiposa nodded, then feeling that
the must say something, she mur
mured:
"My mother died. I was not well,
and 'I couldn't see him."
••"Your father" — Bessie looked down
at the deeply bordered handkerchief
in her hand — "was a man of great
kindliness and generosity. Mr.
Shackleton knew him in the Sierras,
mining, a long time ago, when he" —
phe paused, not from embarrassment,
but in order to choose her words care
fully — "was very kind to my husband
and cjlhers of our party. It was an
obligation Mr. Shackleton never for
*o.t."
Manposa could make no answer.
iShackleton had never spoken to her
with" this daring. Bessie looked at her
for a response^ and saw her with her
C5cs on the ground, pale and slightly
frowning. She wanted to sweep away
aiiy possible suspicion from the girl's
mind by making her understand that
•th« attitude of the family toward her
"ids'* from gratitude for a past benefit.
"Mr. Shackleton," she went on. "of
ten talked to me about his plans for
you. He wanted to have you study in
P^ris; under some teacher Lepine
spoke to him about. I -understand
you've got a remarkable voice. I
vasited, several times, to hear you, but
it couldn't seem to be managed, living
in the country, and always so busy. In
"his sudden — passing away, all these
plans came to an end.- He hadn't reg
.ularly arranged anything. There were
such a lot of delays."
Mtiriposa was becoming used to this
I.hrase and could listen to it without
the stare of surprise, or the blush of
consciousness.
•So Mr. Shackleton told me," she
answered.
THE vast lower floor was loftipr
and more spacious than any
thing she had ever seen before.
There were glimpses through the
doors, and artificial elongations of
perspective by means of mirrors. The
long receding vista was touched with
gleams of light on parquet flooring, re
flections on the gray surfaces of mir
rors, the curves of porcelain vases, the
bosses of glided frames. Over all
hung the scent of flowers', that were
massed here and there in Chinese
bowls.
Bessie's step, and the accompanying
rustle of brushing silks, brought the
girl to her feet, rigid and cold. The
widow swept into the room with ex
tended hand. She was richly and cor-,
rectly garbed in lusterless black, that
sent out the nervous whisperings of
crushed silks and exhaled a faint per
fume. It was impossible to Ignore the
hand, and Mariposa touched it with
her own for a moment. She had 'seen
Bessie only once before, on the even
ing of the opera. The change wrought
in her by grief and illness was notice
able. Her* fine, healthy color had
faded; her eyes were darkened, and
there were many deep 'lines on her
.forehead and about her mouth. Nev
ertheless, a casual eye would have still
noticed her as a woman of vigor, men
tal and physical. It was easy to un
derstand how she had stood shoulder
to shoulder with her husband in his
fight for fortune. >. *.¦.*
• She motioned Mariposa to a chair
facing the window, and studied her # as
she glibly accomplished the common
place greetings. Her heart drew to
gether with a renewed spasm of jeal
ousy as she noted the girl's superiority
to her own daughter. What subtly
fhier qualities had Lucy had. that her
child should be thus distinguished
from the other children of Jake
Shackleton? The indignation working
ngainst this woman gave a last touch
of stateliness to poor Mariposa's nat
ural dignity of demeanor. She seemed
to. belong, by nature and birth, to
these princely surroundings, which
completely dwarfed Maud, and even
mad? the adaptive Bessie look com
mon.
"My husband," said the elder
woman, when the beginnings of the
conversation were disposed of, "was
rery much interested in you. He
knew your father, Dan Moreau, very
well."
(Copyright. 1903. the Bobbs-Merrill Company
In h*er heavy mourning, Maud
looked more nearly pretty than she
had ever done before. It was not the
dress that beautified her, but the hap
piness of her engagement to Latimer,
with whom she was deeply in love,
which had lent her the fleeting grace
and charm that only love, well be
stowed, can give. She carried a large
bunch of violets in her hand, and her
face was slightly flushed.
The Count, who had attentively read
the Mill of Jake Shackleton in the pa
pers, was staying on in San Francisco.
His attentions to Maud were not more
assiduous, but they were more "seri
ous," to use the technical / phrase,"
than heretofore. She would make
him an ideal wife, he thought. Even
her lack of beauty was an advantage.
When an American girl was both rich
and. pretty, she was more than , even
the most tactful and sophisticated
Frenchman could manage. Maud,
ugly, gentle, ( and not clever, would be
a delightful wife, ready to love hum
bly, unexactlng, easy to make happy.
The Count, a handsome, polished Pa
risian, speaking excellent English;
bowed over Mrs. Shackleton's hand,
and then. In answer, to her words of in
troduction, ' shot an exploring look,
warmed by a glimmer of , discreet ad
miration, at Mariposa. ' He wondered
who she was, for his practiced eye took
in at a glance that she was 'shabbily
Mrs. Shackleton gave a shrug; and
rose to her feet. The girl was incom
prehensible. She was either very
subtile and deep, or she was extraor
dinarily dull and shallow. Shackle
ton had said to her once that she
seemed to 'him childish, and undevel
oped for her age. The woman's keen
eye saw deeper. If Mariposa was not
disingenuous, she would always, on
the side of shrewdness and worldly
wisdom, be undeveloped
"Well, my dear," she said coldly,
"it all rests with yourself. But I
can't, conscientiously, let you throw
your best chances away. We won't
speak of this any more to-day. Bat
go home and think about it, and in a
week or two let me know .what con
clusion you'vs come to. * Don't ever
throw a chance away, even if you
don't happen to like ths person who
offers it,"
She gave Mariposa a shrewd and
good-natured smile. The jjirl, her
face crimsoning, was about to answer
when the hall door opened, and, with
a sound of laughter and a whiff of vio
lets, Maud and the Count de Lamolle
entered the room.
"What do you mean by 'as things
are now'? Has anything- happened' to
change your ideas since my husband
first made the suggestion to you?", TV.
Mariposa told her lie as a woman
does, with reservations. It was cre&f.
itably done, for It was the first lie she.
had ever told in her life.
"Nothing has actually happened,
but — I— I — have changed."
"And are you going to let a girl's
whims stand In the way of your suc
cess in life?' I can't believe that. My
dear, you're handsome and you've a
fine voice, but do you think those two
things, without a cent behind them,
are going to put you on top of the
heap? You're not the woman to get
there without a lot of boosting."'
"Why should I want to get on top
of the hea»?"
"Oh, if you want to stay at the bot
tom — "
"I don't want to accept it. I don't
want to take the money or be under
any obligation."
"You were willing to be under the
obligation, as you call it, a few weeks
ago ?"
Bessie's voice was as cold as steel.
From the moment she had entered the
room 6he had felt an instinctive antag
onism between herself and her hus
band's eldest child. It would become
a hatred in time. The girl's slow and
reluctant way of speaking seemed to
indicate that she expressed herself
with difficulty, like one who, 'under
pressure, tells the truth.
"My mother wanted me to accept
anything that was for my own -benefit.'
Now she is dead. I am my own mis
tress. I grieve or hurt no one but my
self if I refuse, your offer. .And, as
things are now, it is better for me to
refuse it." • • * i- . ' .
"I can't go," she said quietly; "I un
derstand that all you say is perfectly
true. You probably think I am silly
and ungrateful. I don't think I am
either, but that's because I know
what I feel. I thank you very much,
but I can't accept ft."
She rose, to her f eet. .' Bessie saw
that she was pale — evidently agitated.
"Sit down,"< she said, indicating the
chair again. "Now let me hear your,
reasons, my dear girl. People don't
throw up the chance of a lifetime for
nothing. What's behind all this?"
There was a pause. Mariposa said
slowly: ?"•*:">.'•'
of the -wrongs her mother had suf
fered at the hands of this woman and
her dead husband. She had thought
little of what the interview would be
like, and now, with the keen, hard,
and astonished eyes of Bessie upon
her, she felt that something more
than pride and indignation must help
her through. The -world's diplomacy
of tongue and brain was an unsus
pected'art to her. '
"I — I — !'• she stammered irresolute.
ly, "have changed my mind since I
talked with Mr. ShackletonA'
"Changed your mind! But why?
What's made you change your mind
in so short a time?"
"Many things," said the girl, with
her face flushing deeply under Bes
sie's unflinching stare. "There have
been c.hanges — in — in — circumstances
— -and In me. • My mother was anxious
for my advancement. Now she is
dead and — it doesn't matter."
It was certainly not a brilliant way
out of the difficulty. A faint smile
wrinkled the loose skin round Mrs.
Shackleton's eyes.
"Oh, my dear," she said, with a
slight touch of impatience in her
voice. "If that's all, I guess we
needn't worry about it. People die,
and we lone our energies and ambi
tion, eo we just want to lie round and
mourn. But at your age that don't
last long. You've got to make your
future yourself, and now's your
chance. It just comes once or twice
in a lifetime, and the people who get
there are the people who know
enough to snatch it as it comes by."
Mariposa's irresolution had passed.
She realized that she had not merely
to state her intentions, but to fight a
will unused to defeat.
TOMORROW'S TANGLE
"Oh, Mariposa!" he said softly. He
looked into her face with eyes brim
ming with teasing tenderness. "How
can you say that to me when my great
est fault has been to Jove you?"
"Love me!" she ejaculated with
breathless* scorn; "love me! Oh, Beni
to" — calling, with all her force —
"come; do come. I want you!"
Benito, who undoubtedly must have
heard, was too pleasantly engaged with
the companionship of his new. friend to
make any response. Early Mn life he
had learned the value of an occasional
attack of deafness. .,.,./.,... i Z..s£":"'-.
Mariposa made a motion to go to him,
but Essex gently moved In front of her.
She drew. away from him, knitting her
brows In helpless, heated rage.
"You know you're treating me badly,"
he said.
"Treating you very badly," she now
fairly gasped, once more a bewildered
fly in the net of this subtile spider,
"how else should I treat you?"
"Kindly," he said, softly bending his
compelling glance on her, "as a woman
treats a man who loves her." "/
"Mr. Essex," she said, turning on him
with all the dignity she had at her com
mand, "we don't seem to understand
each other. The last time I saw you,
you insulted and humiliated me. I
don't know how it can be, but you seem
to have forgotten all about It. I
haven't. I never can, and I don't want
to Bee you or speak to you or think of
you ever again in this world."
"What makes you think I've forgot
ten?" he said, suddenly dropping his
voice to a key that thrilled with mean-
Ing.
¦ He saw the remark shake her Into
startled half-comprehension. That she
still took his words at their face value
proved to him again how strangely
simple she was. i.
"What makes^ypu think I've forgot
ten?" he repeated. ;
She raised her eyes in arrested as
tonishment and met his, now seemUg
suddenly, to have become charged with
memories of the scene in the cottage.
"How could I forget?" he murmured.
"Do you really think I could ever for
get that evening?" .
She turned away speechless with em
barrassment and anger, recollections of
the kisses of that ill-omened interview
burning, in her face.
"When . a man wounds* the one wo
man in the world he cares for, can he
ever forget, do you think?"
He again had the gratification of
seeing her flash a look of artless sur
prise at him.
"Then— then — " she stammered, com
pletely bewildered, "if you know that
you wounded me so, why do you come
back? Why do you-speak to me now?
There is nothing more to be said be
tween us."
"Yes. there is; much more."
She drew back, frowning, on the alert
to go. For a second he thought he was
to lose this precious and unlooked-for
chance of righting himself with her.
"Sit down," he said entreatingly; "sit
down;. I must speak to you."
She. turned from him and sent a quick
glance toward Benito. She was going.
"Mariposa," he said, desperately
catching at her arm, "please— a mo
ment. Give me one moment. You must
listen to me."
: . She tried to draw her arm away, but
he held it, and pleaded, genuine feel-
Ing flushing his face and roughening
his voice.
N "I beg— I implore— of "you to listen to
me. I only ask a moment. Don't con
demn me without hearing what I have
' to say. I behaved like a blackguard. I
know it. It's haunted me . ever since.
Sit .down and listen to me while I try to
explain" and make you forgive me." *
He was really stirred; the sincerity of
his' appeal \ touched the heart, once ' so
warm, now grown so cold toward him.
She sat down on the bench, at the. end
farthest : from , him, her whole • bearing
suggesting self-contained' aloofness.
"I know," I shocked, and hurt, you. I
know it's ''¦just and natural for you to
treat me this way. I .was ; mad. I
But he jwas : no longer master or her.
The subtile spell he had' once exercised
was forever broken. .. - - . * -V*
She heard a foot on the gravel, but
did . not . look up ; j several • people had
passed close,to her crossing to the main
drive. The new-comer advanced to
ward her idly,, noting* the grace of, her
attitude, the rt<?h~Mgid "yet elegant pro
portions of^her' ? flg1ire:*,>Her face was
turned fronvBinVTbutjhe saw the roll of
rust-colore$i'<:' hair.*,,beneath her hat,
started, and jhis pace. He
had comevto|a^halt*beflifle her -before
she lookednup{startle4*K' A quick red
rushed intoh*ef^faee.VtHe, for his part,
stood suave an*d^venijftjfg, holding his
hat In 'one hand/' tib expression on his
face but one of frank pleasure. Even
in his eyes there was not a shade of
consciousness.
"What a piece of. luck!" he said.'
"Who'd have thought of meeting you
here?".
• Mariposa had nothing to respond.
In a desperate desire for flight and pro
tection she looked for Benito, but he
was at the top of the slope, well out of
earshot of anything but a scream.
Essex surveyed her face with fond at
tention. • * ¦
"You're looking better than you did
before you moved," he said; "you were
just a little too pale then. You know,
I didn't know it was you at all. I was
looking at you as I came across "the
drive, and I hadn't the least Idea it was
you till I saw your hair"— his eye
lighted on it caressingly— "I knew*there
was only one woman in San Francisco
with hair like that."
His voice seemed to mesmerize her at
first. Now her volition came back and
she rose.
"Benito!" she cried; "con.e at once."
The two little boys had their heads
close together and neither turned.
"What are you going to go for?" said
Essex in surprise. !"• .
"What a question!" she said, picking
up her book with a trembling hand,
and thinking in her ignorance that he
spoke honestly; "what an insulting
question!" . \ ' ;
"Insulting! What on . earth do you
mean by that?" coaxingly. "Please tell
me why you are going?"
"Because I don't want ever to see
you or speak to you. again," she said
in a voice shaken with anger. "I
couldn't have believed any man could
be so lacking in decency as — as — to do
this."
"Do what?" he asked with an air of
blank surprise. "What am I doing?"
''Thrusting yourself on me this way
when — when — you know that the sight
of you is humiliating and hateful to
me."
THIS, is the Fifth In
stallment of "To
morrow's Tangle,"
The Sunday Call's §1000
California novel by a fa
mous California Author- J
ess. which has created a
"biff literary furor all
over the West since it
bejrun in The Sun
day Call of February 28,
inore especially as it can
not be secured elsewhere
in any other form for live
times what it will cost
you in these 1 pages.
"To-Morrow*s Tangle"
will be concluded next
He trotted down the slope, extremely
reluctant, and Inclined to be rebellious.
Mariposa caught him by the hand
and -swept him back toward the path
between the spruces. -Essex was still
standing near the bench, an elegant
figure, witha darkly ;Jnister face. As
they passed him he ilsed his hat. Mar
iposa, whose face was bent down, did
not return the salute; so, Benito dia. as
he was hauled by. She continued to
drag, .the unwilling little boy along,
while he hung loosely from her- hand,
staring* backward "for a last look at his
playmate. ,. .,
' "What's your name?"he roare<t^as
he was dragged, toward .tae" 5 »had1&wy
He drew nearer her along the. bench
and said with his eyes bard upon 'her:
"I didn't think you were the kind of
woman to kiss a man you didn't care
for." • v';» ? V
He knew when he spoke the words
they were foolish and Jeopardized .his
cause, but his fury at her. disdainful
attitude forced them from him:. *?; '
She turned pale and her nostrils quiv
ered. He had given her a body blow.
For a moment they sat side by side
looking at each other like two enraged
animals animated by equally violent if
different passions.' ' " •
"Thank you for . saying that,** she
said, when she could command her
voice; "now I understand what your
love for nte means." ' ' .-
She rose from, the bench, " He seized
her hand and attempted to draw her
back, saying: '^i;. -.*?
"Mariposa, listen to me. You drive
me distracted. You force me "to say
thing3 like that to you j when you know
that I'm 'mad with love for you. Lis
ten — " *.
She trre her hand out of his grasp
and ran across the space to the slope,
calling wildly to Benito. The i »y at
last could feign deafness.no longer and
sat up on his heels in . trell-simulated
surprise. •T %^'"_;_^
"Come, come," she" cried * angrily.
"Come at once. I want you." ¦
He rose, dusting his nether parts and
shouting: .
"Why?, why? we're navin' an awful
nice. time up here." , . .
"Come," she reiterated; It's late' and
we must go." ... -
She felt with every moment that their
positions were changing more - and
more. She Was gradually ascending to
the command, while he' was slowly
coming under her will. . ; ¦ •
"Why do you say no?" he demanded.
"Because I want to say no," ' :
"But— but— why? Are you still an
gry?" &:¦¦¦¦ -;•¦•¦'. . ¦' v: ' • r |
"I want to say no," she repeated. "X
couldn't say anything else." ¦v" / '
"But you love me?" 'with angry per
sistence. '
"No, I don't love you."
"You do," h.e said la a low vole*.
"You're not telling the truth. You do
love me. You know you do*."/; •; ? •**„
She looked at him with cold dtflanoe,
and said steadily: '
"No?" he exclaimed, in loud-voiced
Incredulity and bending his head to
look into her face. "No?"
"No," she reiterated; "I said no/* "
Her words still further alarmed' the
man. He knew they were not those of
a woman swayed by sentiment, far less
by passion. V; .
"That's all true," he said hastily,
"that's all true of what I said to you
that night in the cottage. Now It's
different: Aren't you large-hearted
enough to forgive a man whose great
est weakness has been his Infatuation
for you? I was a ruffian and you an un
suspecting angel. Now I want to offer
you the only kind of love that ever
should be offered you. "Will you be my
wife?" ."' >"• '- y • . ;•,_
Mariposa started perceptibly.. She
turned and looked with . amazed eyes
into his face.* He seemed another man
from the. one who had so- bitterly hu
miliated her at their last interview. He
was pale and In earnest. -
"Will you?" he repeated.
"No." she said with slow decisiveness.
"I "fill not." *! T 5 - '
"Because you don't understand the
first principles of it. When you're fond
of people you don't want to hunt and
humiliate them. You don't want to
drag them down to shame "and misery.
You'd die to save them . from thosa
things. You want to protect them,
help them, take care of them; be proud
of them and say to all the world: 'Here,
look; this i3 the person I love!"*:
Her. simplicity, that once would have
amused him, now had something In It
that at once touched and alarmed him.
There was a downright conviction In
it, that argument, eloquence; pa'saloa
even, would not be able to shake.
• "And that, Mariposa," he said ardent
ly, "Is the way I ft>ve you."
"That the wayl" she echoed scorn
fully. "No — your way Is to ask me to
destroy myself, body and souL Yon ask
me to give you everything, while you
give nothing. You say you love me,
and yet you're so ashamed of me and
your love that It would have to be a.
hateful secret thing, that you tofd llea
about, and would expect me to tell llea
about, too. I can't understand - how
you dare to call it love.' I can't under
stand. Oh, don't talk about It any
more. It's all too horrible* and cruel
and false!"
"Yes." she said, turning away;. "I
don't think that you ever could love me
or any other woman."
"Why do you say thai?"
She locked out over the grassy slope
In front of them.
"Do you doubt that I love you?"".
"No, I d^n't think I understand. I
should think those very things you
mention would appeal to the chivalry
of a man even If he didn't care for a
woman." - '..'¦" '*."•'
didn't know what I was saying. If you
knew how I have suffered since you
would at least ha va some pity for me.
Can you guess what It means to give
A blow to the being who Is more to you
than all the rest of the world? I was
mad lor that one evening."
He paused, looking at her. Her pro
file was toward him, pale and Immova
ble. She neither turned nor spoke. He
continued; with a" slight diminution! of
confidence:
"I've been, a wild sort of fellow," con
sorting with all sorts of riffraff and
thinking lightly of women. I've, met
lots of all. kinds. It was all right to
talk to them that way. You were dif
ferent. I knew it from the first. But
that night in the cottage I lest 1 my
head. You looked so pale and sad; my
love broke the bonds I had put upon it.
Can't you understand and forgive me?"
He, leaned toward her, his face tense
and pale. As he became agitated and
fell Into the position of pleader, she
grew calm and regained her hold on
herself. There was a chill poise about
her that frightened him. He felt that if
he attempted to touch. her she would
draw" away with, quick, instinctive re
pugnance. ;;\$v.J
She turned and looked into his face
with cold eyes. . '. •.. *. -.*:,-."-**>¦.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL'.
2doubtedly had no intention of marry
ing, him. Providence' was guiding her,'
at least, in that respect. ; '
It was. still early , when Mrs. .Willers
approached S The Trumpet office, j The
sky . was leaden and hung, with \low
clouds. As "she drew near the door the
first few.' drops of rain' fell, spotting the
sidewalk here, and there as though they
were slowly and \ reluctantly wrung
from the swollen -heavens. It would be
a storm, she thought, as she turned into
the doorway and ' began the ascent of
the dark stairs with the lanterns on the
landings, v Jn_ her own cubby-hole she
answered Mrs. Shackleton's letter, and;
then ; passed along the passageway to
the sanctum. of the proprietor, who was
still in his office. ;
Win." in; his father's swivel, chair,
looked very' small; and"; insignificant.
The wide window behind .. him i e t a
flood of pale light over his: bullet
shaped : . head with , its patch of limp,
blonde hair, and his thin : [ shoulders
bowed over j the . desk. His 'eyes ' nar
rowed ; behind his ' glasses as he \ looked
up in answer to Mrs. v Willers' knock,
and then, when he saw. who it was, he
smiled,- for Win liked Mrs. Willers. ' ;
. -\She : ; handed him the letter with ths
request that he give it to' his mother
that evening* "arid sat down In the chair
beside him,' facing the long white panes
of the which the rain was' be
ginning* to '; lash. :, - "-<*"'
/: VMy mother, and you seem to be hav
ing a liyelyJcorTespondenee,7/said s WIn,
who } had 5 brought ¦ down. Mrs. Shackle
ton's letterVonie days before. !l : :
we've 'got an untractable young
lady '.'on : our \ hands, "' and it's * a v large
order." _
"Miss Moreau?" said ¦ the : proprietor
of The Trumpet."'; "My: mother, told me.
Sh'e's.very independent. Isn't she?"
"She's - a"' strange glrLV. You can tell
It was raining hard now, a level down
pour that beat pugnaciously on the city,
which bleamed and ran rlllets of water
under, the onslaught People were
scurrying away in every direction, wo
men with umbrellas low against their
heads, one ' hand gripping up their
skirts, from beneath which came and
went glimpses of muddy boots and wet
petticoats. Loafers were standing un
der eaves, looking out with yellow,
apathetic faces. The merchants of th*
quarter came, to the doorways of , the
smaller 'shops that Win j passed, and
stood looking out and then up into the
sky with musing smiles. It was a
heavy rain, and no mistake.
' Win had a commission to execute be
fore he went home, and so passed up
Kearny". street to Post, where, a , f ew t
doors from the corner, he entered a
photographer's. He was having a copy
made on ivory of an old daguerreotype
of his father, to be given as a present
to" his* mother, and to-day it, was to be
finished. V ¦¦ .,
.v The photographer, a clever and capa
ble man, had started the innovation of
having his studio roughly * lined with
burlaps, upon which photographs .of
local belles and celebrities were; fast
' ene'd with brass-headed nails. . Win,"
waiting .for: his "appearance, loitered
round the room looking at these, recog
nized a friend . here, and '. there a proud
beauty who had endured him as a part
ner, at the cotillion 'because" he was the
only, son ; of/ Jake Shackleton. Farther
on was » one : of; Edna' Willers, looking
very lovely, and seraphic In" ; her large
eyed ; innocence. "'_ v . . - -[ *
-.:¦- On a^amall ; slip of wall between • two
windows there • was only, one picture
fastened, and as 'his. eye fell on this he
started. It was Mariposa ; Moreau, In
the lac* dress she had worn at the
opera, the ¦ face - looking . directly; and
"You're only a fool on that one point,
honey. And that's what makes It ao
aggravating. It's Just a kink in your
brain, for you've got no reason to act
the way you do."
She spoke positively, but her pleading
look at Mariposa showed that she was
not yet willing to give up the search for
a reason. Mariposa leaned forward and
took her hand. \" : 6 ~-~ J "".
"Oh, dear Mrs. Willers," she said,
"don't ask me any more. Don't tease
me. I do love you. and you've been bo
kind to me I can never stop loving you,'
no matter what you dldl But let me
be. Perhaps I have a reason,. and per
haps I am only a" fool, but /whichever
way it Is, be sure I haven't acted hastl-'
ly; and I've suffered, too/ trying to do
what seemed to me right." ¦'¦-¦¦¦
Her eyes suddenly. ' filled ; with ; tears,
and . she got . up quickly., to ' hide,' them,
and stood looking r *om' of window.
Mrs. Willers'; rose, .too, and, ¦ putting" an
arm around' her, kissed : her. cheek.
"All ".right," she. said." "I'llltry not to
botherl ; But you /want .to tell * me what
ever: you think jyou caoi: -You're "too"
good-looking,' * Mariposa, and i you're
¦uch— a — "
She stopped. :'j^ . T
"A fool,", came from Mariposa, in the
stifled* tones of Imminent tears. There
was a moment's pause, * and then their
"Perhaps I am feeble-minded," said
Mariposa humbly. "I certainly don't
think I'm very clever, especially now
with everybody telling me what a fool
lam." 'C-^ y ' : wt* 1 ;:^'
beaten. You've got sense enough to re
fuse to marry a man who's bound to
make you miserable. That's astonish'
ing In any girl. And then, on the other
hand, you throw, up the chance of a
lifetime for nothing. That would be
astonishing in a candidate for entrance
into an asylum for the feeble-minded."
painter than a photographer. It's the
coloring that's so remarkable, so rich
and so refined— that white skin* and
dark red hair. That's why I am proud
of the picture. It suggests the coloring,
I think. It seems to me there's some
thing'warm about that hair."
Win said vaguely, yes, he guessed
there must be, wondering what the fel
low meant about there being something
warm about the hair. Fnrther_com
ment was ended by an attendant com
ing forward with the picture and hand-
Ing It to the photographer.
The man held it out to Win with a
proud smile. It was an enlargement of
a small daguerreotype, taken .some
twenty years previously, and repre
senting . Shackleton In full face and
without his beard. The work had been
excellently done. It was a faithful and
spirited likeness.
- As his eye' fell on It Win suffered a
sudden and amazing revelation. It was
like a. dazzling flash of light tearing
away the shadows of a dark place.
Through the obscurity of hia mind en
lightenment rent like a current of elec
tricity,' That was what the memory
was, that dim sense of previous knowl
edge, that groping after something well
known and yet elusive.
He stared at the picture, and then
turned/and looked at Mariposa's hang-
Ing on "Jthe wall. * . The -photographer,
looking commiseratingly at • him, evi
dently mistaking his obvious perturba
tion of mind for" a rush of filial affec
tion, recalled him to himself. He did
not know that he .was pale, but he saw
.that the ~ plate of " ivory In ' his hand
trembled. "" •
"It's— It's-^first rate," he said In a
low voice. 'Tm tremendously pleased.
Send ; it to The Trumpet office to-mor
row, and the bin with it, please. You're
done an A number one Job.'.*
i '
, 'In her own room she sat, down before
the fire to think. Maud's future was In
her own hands now, molding Itself Into
shape downstairs in the reception
room,- Bessie ctfuld do no more toward
directing It than she had* already done,
and her active mind immediately seised
on the other subject that had be«a en
grossing It. She dr» w oat Sirs. Wm«r»*
With the murmur of his greetings to
Maud In her ears. Bessie rosa from he*
chair. She found the library chin asd
cheerless after her. cozy boudoir on tha
floor above, and decided to go there.
Glancing over her shoulder, as* aha
mounted the stairs, ah* could see ths
Count standing -with, bis back .to th«
fire, discoursing with a ninlla — a hand
some, personable man, with his dark
face and pointed beard looking darker
than ever over his gleaming expanse of
shirt bosom. It would b » an entirely
desirable marriage for Maud. Bessl*
had found out an about tha Count's
position, and title In -his native land,
and both were all that he said thsy
were, which had satisfied and sur
prised ' her.
Constant you are.
Bat y»t a -woman: and for iicreor.
No lady cloeer. for I will b»iiev»
Thou wilt not utter what thou dost not Tnw.
— Shakospeax*.
Win found his mother In her boudoir
and delivered Mrs. Willers* letter to
her without comment. He saw her
read It and than sit silent, her brows
drawn, looking into the fire besida
which she sat. It was Impossible just
then for him to allude to the subject of
the letter, and. after standing by the>
mantelpiece awkwardly wanning his
wet-feet, he went upstairs to his own
rooms.
At dinner the family trio was unu
sually quiet. Under the blaze of llgnt
that fell from the great crystal chan
delier over the table with its weight o<
glass and silver, the three participants
looked preoccupied and stupid. The
two Chinese servants.' soft-footed as
cats, and spotless in their crisp wMte,
moved about the table noiselessly, «f
fering dish after dish to their Impas
sive employers.
It was one of those Irritating ccca
elons when everything seems to com
bine for the purpose of exasperating.
(Bessie, annoyed by the contents of Mrs.
Wlllers'letter.found her annoyance aug
mented by the fact that Maud looked
particularly plain that evening, and
the Count de Lamolle was expected af
ter dinner. Worry had robbed her fac«
of such sparkle as it possessed and had
accentuated its ungirllsh heaviness. She
felt that her . engagement to Latimer
must be announced, for the Count d»
Lamolle was exhibiting those signs of
a coming proposal that she knew well,
and what excuse could she give her
mother for rejecting him? She must tell
the truth, and the thought alarmed her
shrinking and peaceable soul. She sat
silent, crumbling her bread with a ner
vous hand and wondering how ah*
could possibly avert the offer of th»
Count showed -symptoms of making 11
that evening.
After, dinner her mother left her la
the small reception-room, a rich and
ornate apartment, furnished In an ori
ental manner witb divans, cushions,
and Moorish hangings. The ieal for
'ohaperonage had not yet penetrated to
the -West, and Bessie considered that
to leave her daughter thus alone waa
to discharge her duties as a parent
with delicate correctness. - She retired
'to the adjoining library, where th«
Count, on entering, had a glimpse of
her sitting in a low chair, languidly
turning the pages of a .magazine. H»,
on his part, had lived III the West loos;
enough to know that the disposal «C
the family In these segregated ; units
was what custom and conventionality
dictated.
The Count was a clever man and had
studied the United States from other
points of vantage than the window of a
Pullman car.
REBELLIOUS HEART*
CHAPTER XVL
But one afternoon, a few days after
her encounter witfl Essex, she had come
in early to find the lower hall full of the
Eound of a high, crystal clear soprano,
which was pouring from the teacher's
room. She listened interested, held in
e. spell of envious attention. It was
evidently a girl of whom Pierpont had
spoken to her. who possessed 'lie one
voice of promise he had yet found, and
who was studying for the stage. Lean
ing over tha stair rail. Mariposa felt,
with a tingling at her heat*, that this
tinging had a finish and poise hers en
tirely lacked, and yet the voice was
thin, coiorlesa and fragile compared
with her own. With all its flawless
ease and fluency it had not the' same
splendor of tone, the tame passionate
thxin. _ -
Eh* went slowly upstairs, pursued by
the beautiful sounds, bending over the
railing to catch them more fully, with,
for the first time since her mother's
death, the desire to emulate, to be up
and doing, to hear once more the rich
notes swelling from her throat.
"Bome day 111 ting for him," she said
to herself, with her head up and her
eye* bright, "and he'll see that none of
them has a voice like mine."
The stir of enthusiasm was- still on
her. when she ehut the door of her own
room. It was hard to settle to any
thing with this sudden welling up of
jold ambitions disturbing the apathy
following on grief. She was standing,
looking down on the garden — a prospect
which bad long lost its forlornness to
her accustomed eyes— when a knock at
the -door fell gratefully on her ears.
Even the society of Mrs. Garcia, with
her head tied up in the white duster,
bad its advantages now and then.
But it was not Mrs. Garcia, but Mrs.
Willers whom the opening door re
vealed. Mariposa's welcome was
warmed not only by the desire for com
panionship but by genuine affection.
She had come to regard Mrs. Willers
as her best friend.
They did not see each other as often
as formerly, for the newspaper woman
found all her time occupied by her new
work. To-day being Monday, she had
managed to get off for the afternoon,
as it was in the Sunday edition that the
Woman's Page attained its most im
posing proportions. Monday was a day
off. But Mrs. Willers did not always
avail herself of It She was having the
first real chance of her life and -was
working harder than she had ever'done
before. Her bank account was mount-
Ing weekly. On the occasions when she
hpd time to consult the little book she
•*.*- through the line of figures Edna
gWfflff to a fine school in New York, and
then, perhaps, a still finer one abroad,
and back of that again— dimly, as be
came a blissful vision — Edna grown a
As soon as the singing teacher heard
that Mariposa had a voice he had es
pied in her the object of his search and
begged her to sing for him. But she
had refused. She had not sung a note
since her mother's death. The series of
unforeseen and disastrous develop
ments that had followed the
opening, scene of the drama in
.which she * found herself the
central figure had robbed her of all
desire to use the srift which was her
one source of fortune. Sometimes,
alone in her room, her fingers running
over the keys of the piano, she won
dered dreamily what it would be like
once again to hear the full, vibrating
sounds booming out from her chest.
Now end then she had tried a note or
two or an old familiar strain, then had
stopped, repelled and disenchanted.
Her voice sounded coarse and strange.
And -while it quivered on the air there
came a rush of exquisitely painful
memories.
"I can't see what's the goodN*f work
ing," she said, daintily brushing the
surface cf the carpet with her broom,
'"if j:ou don't make anything by your
work. What's the sense of it, I'd like
tu know?"
"Thcu ht«t made u« to drink the wine of
ulos!shrc<-Et. Thou hut showed thy people
bard th!n«rs." — Psalms.
• The third boarder at the Garcias* was
Isaac Pierp'ont. the teacher of singing.
The Garcia house offered, at least, the
cno recommendation of being a place
wherein musically inclined lodgers
might make the welkin ring with the
sounds of their Industry and no voice
be raised in. protest. Between the
poundir.g cf her own pupils Mariposa
could hear the voices of Pierpont's as
they performed vocal prodigies under
iheir teacher's goadings.
The ycurio man was unusual and in
teresting. He had a "rnethoa which he
expounded to Mariposa during, the pro
cess cf meals. It was founded on a
large experience of voices In general
and a close anatomical study of the
vocal chords. All he wanted, he said,
to demonstrate its excellence to the
world was a voice. Mrs. Garcia, who
used to drop in on Mariposa with her
head tied up in white swathings and a
broom in her hand, had early in their
acquaintance given her a life history of
the two other boarders, with a running
accompaniment of her own, comments.
Pierpbnt had not her highest approval,
as he was exasperatingly indifferent to
money, beirg bound, to the exclusion
of all lesser interests, on the search for
his voice. Half his pupils were taught
for nothing and the other half forgot
to pay. or Pierpor.t forgot to send in
his bills, which was the same thing in
the end. Mrs. Garcia thought.
CHAPTER XV.
THROUGH A GLASS DARKLY.
The subject interested him and fur
nished food for conversation till they
reached their car and were swept
homeward over the low hills, breaking
here and there into sand, and with the
little oaks crouching in grotesque fear
before the winds.
•There was something in this harm
less comment that caused Mariposa
s-udden'.y to loosen her hold.
-My hand c-f ten does that way," she
said with an air of embarrassment.
.-What makes it?" asked Benito, sud
dfr.Iy interested.
"I don't know; perhaps playing the
piano." she said, feeling the necessity of
having to dissemble.
"I'd like to be able to make my hand
shake that way," Benito observed en
viously. "When grandma had the
chills I used, to watch her. But she
shook all ovfr. Sometimes her teeth
used to click. Do your teeth ever
click?" ; / ?J. ' f* :,
..."What makes your hand shake that
way?" was his next observation. "It's
like/ grandma's 'when she came home
jfrotn Los Ange!es with the chills."
"Say," said Benito. "leggo my hand.
What's the sense 'er hauling me this,
way?"
Mariposa did not heed, and they went
on at a feverish pace.
frath that plunged Into the trees. "I
forgot what your name Is." ~\->
.The answer was lost In the interven
ing space, and the next moment he and
•Mariposa disappeared behind the
scree* c-f thick-growing evergreens.
The girl made no answer.- She felt
hot and sore, pricked by this insistent
probing of spots that were still raw.
"Dots he— does he—bother you?", the
elder woman in an incredulous
voice.' Somehow she could not recon-
Mrs. Willers knew enough of human
nature not to be at all convinced by
this remark.
,"He's not the man for any woman to
give her heart to*. He's not the man to
take seriously. He's never loved any
thing ih his life but himself. Don't let
yourself be fooled by him. He's hand
some, and he's about- the smoothest
talker I ever run up against But don't
you be crazy enough to fall in love
with him."
"I tell you, I don't like him."
"My goodness, I wish there was
somebody in this world to take care of
you. You've got no sense, and you're
so unfortunately good-looking. Some
day you'll be fooled just as I was with
Willers. Are you telling the truth? It
isn't Essex that's made you -change
your mind?"
These repeated accusations exasper
ated Mariposa.
"No, it is not," she said angrily; and
then, in the heat of her. annoyance, "if
anything would make me accept Mrs.
Shackleton's offer it would be the hope
of getting away from -that man.":
There was no doubt she was speaking
the truth now.- Mrs. Wlilers* point of
view of the situation, underwent a ka
leidoscopic upsetting: .
"Oh," she said. In ; a subdued voice,
"then it's he that's' in '— w^l flMiTfttf
Mariposa looked up quickly. .^The
elder woman saw that, for a moment,
she was startled.
"Some man!" she exclaimed. "What
man?"
"You haven't changed your mind be
cause of Essex?"
"Essex!" She slowly crimsoned, and
Mrs. Wi!lers kept her pitiless eyes on
the rising flood of color.
"Oh, my dear girl," she said almost
in an agony/"don't say you've got fond
of him."
"I don't like Mr. Essex. I— I — can't
bear him."
She looked at her Interlocutor with an
attempt at a coaxing smile. Mrs. Will
ers saw that it was an effort, and re
mained grave.
"I don't want you to have secrets
from me. dear, no more than I would
Edna. Mariposa," she said In a lowered
voice, leaning forward and putting her
hand on the girl's knee, "is it because
of some man?"
Mrs. Willers met the amber-clear
eyes and saw, with an uneasy thrill,
that there was knowledge in them
there had not been before. It was not
the limpid glance of the candid, un
spoiled youth it had once been. She
felt a contraction of pain at her heart,
as though she had read the same
change In Edna's eyes.
"What made you change your mind?
— that's what I want to know."
Mariposa lowered her lids.
"I can't tell. Wharmakes anybody
change his mind? You think differ
ently. Things happen that make you
think differently."
"Well, what's happened to make you
think differently?"
.The lines appeared again on the
smooth forehead. She shifted her
glance to the window and then back
to the hands on her lap.
"Suppose I don't want to tell? I'm
not a little girl like Edna, to have to
tell every thought I have. Mayn't I
have a secret, Mrs. Willers V . r
"Mariposa, look me in the eye."
"But you wanted to go only a month
or two before when Shackleton him
self made you the offer?"
Mariposa nodded without answering.
"But why? That's the part that's so
extraordinary. You'd take it 'from
him, but not from his wife."
"A person might change her mind,
mightn't she?"
"A fool ' might, but " a reasonable
woman, •without a cent, with hardly a
friend, how could she?"
"Well, she has." •
"I can't explain it to you," said Mar
iposa. "I— I — didn't want to go. That
was alL"
Facing her in the bright light, the
questioner's eyes were like gimlets on
her face. Mrs. Willers saw its dis
tressed uneasiness, but could read no
further. Three days before she had re
ceived Mrs. Shackleton's letter, and had
been amazed by its contents. She could
neither assign to herself nor to Mrs.
Shackleton a reason for the girl's un
explainable conduct.
"Stuff!" observed Mrs. Willers brisk
ly. "Don't try to tell lies; you don't
know how. One's got to have some
natural capacity for It. You've had an
offer that makes it possible for you to
go to Europe, educate your voice, study
French and German, and become a pri
ma donna. Everything's to be paid —
no limit set on time or money. Now,
what In heaven's name made you re
fuse that?" W : '
"What do you mean?" said Mariposa
weakly, trying to gain time. "What
did she tell you?"
"My dear, you know as well as I do
what she tc-ld me. And I can't maki
head or tail of it. What's come over
"I don't know," said the girl in a low
voice. "I suppose I've changed."
Mariposa's color deepened. A line ap
peared between her eyebrows, and she
looked out of the window.
"Well." she said; "and did she say
anything about me?"
"That's what she did— a lot. A lot
that sorter stumped me. And I've
come up here to-day to find out what's
the matter with you. "What is It that's
making you act like several kinds
of fool all at once?"
"That's Just what I've come to find
out. Left a desk of work, and Miss
Peebles hopping round like a chicken
with its head off, to find out what
you've been doing. I'd have come up
before only I couldn't get away. Mari
posa, my dear, I've had a letter from
Mrs. Shackleton." •
"Well, young woman, do you know
I've come up here on the full Jump to
lecture you?"
"Lecture me?" said Mariposa, laugh
ing and bending forward to give Mrs.
Willers' hand a friendly squeeze.
"What have I been doing now?"
woman, accomplished, graceful, beauti
ful, a glorified figure ' In a haze of
wealth and success.
She had no war- paint on to-day, but
was in her working clothes, dark and
serviceable, showing lapses between
skirt and waist-band, and tag ends of
tape appearing in unexpected places.
She had dressed in such a hurry that
morning that only three buttons of
each boot were fastened, though the
evening before Edna had seen to It that
they were all on. She had came up the
hill on what she would have called "a
dead run," and was still fetching her
breath with gasps.
Sitting opposite Mariposa, In the
bright light of the window, she let her
eyes dwell fondly on the girl's face.
"Humph!" said Mrs. Willers, "1
never thought that man would want to
marry a poor girl. But that's not as
surprising as that you had sense
enough to refuse him." , -
"I don't like him. I know I'm stupid,
but I Unow when I like a pe'rson and
when I don't. And I'd rather stand on
the corner of, Kearny and .Sutter
streets with a tin cup begging for nick
els than marry Mr. Essex, or be sent to
Europe by Mrs.. Shackleton."
"Well, you're a combination of smart
ness and folly I never expect to see
cile the picture of Essex as a repulsed
and suppliant wooer with her knowl
edge of him as such a very self-assured
and debonair person.
"I don't know what you mean by
•bother me,' " said Mariposa, still
heated. "He makes love to me, and I
don't, like it. I don't like him."
"Makes, love to you? What do. you
mean by 'makes love to you?' " ;
j* "He has asked me to | be his wife,"
said the victim, groaded to desperation
by this tormenting^ catechism. . .
She could not. have confessed that
Essex had entertained other designs
with regard to her, any more than she
'could have told her. real reason for re
'fusing Mrs. Shackleton's offer. But she
felt ashamed and miserable at these
half-truths, which her friend was giv
ing ear to with the wide eyes of won
der.
simultaneous laughter filled the room.
"You see you can't help saying it,"
said Mariposa, laughing, foolishly, ; wKh
tears hanging on.hef, lashes. "It's like
any other bad habit-^-lt's getting "entire
control of you." ' "
A few moments later Mrs.; Willers
was " walking'quickly down the hill to-;
ward Sutter street, her brows . ltnlt in
thought. l She had certainly discovered
nothing. : I In % her pocket- was Mrs. 1
Shackleton's letter telling . of Miss . Mo
reau's ref U3al of her . offer and asking
if Mrs. Willers knew the reason of it.
Mrs. Shackleton had wondered If Miss
Moreau's affections had been engaged,
which could .perhaps account for her^
otherwise unaccountable rejection "of an
opportunity .upon which her whole fu
ture might depend. %¦. . J _ r
Mrs. Willers had been relieved to find,
there was certainly no man influencing
Miss Moreau's. decision. . For unless it
was Essex, i t could b« no drrel Mrs.
Willers knew the paucity of Mariposa's
socia^ circle. That Essex had asked the
girl to marry him and been refused was
astonishing. The rejection was only a
little more surprising than the Offer"
For a man like Essex to want to marry
a penniless* orphan was only exceeded'
in singularity by a girl like Mariposa
refusing a man of Essex's indisputable
attractions^ But there was always,
something to be thankf nl for in the
darkest situation, and Marlposa un-
And they went cX cackling to* the
club to tell the story of Win? with the
water pouring off his hat and ht»
glasses damp, standing staring at the
pavement oa Post Btreet.
Win opened his umbrella and went
on. He walked home slowly and by a
circuitous route. His mind traversed
the subject back and forth, and at each
moment he became more convinced, as
all the muddle of puzzling clrcurn
stances fell into placs in logical se
ouence.
She was hi3 half sister, older than h»
was — his father's first v born. By thi»
accident of birth she was an outcast,
penniless and unacknowledged, from
the home and fortune he and Maud had
Inherited. At the very moment when
the father had found her free to accept
his bounty he had been snatched away.
And she knew it- That was the ex
planation of her changeable conduct.
She had found It out In some way be
tween the deaths of her mother and
Shackleton. Some one had told her er
she had discovered it herself.
In the dripping dark Win pondered It
all. going up and down the ascending
streets in a tortuous route homeward,
wondering at fate, communing with
himself.
Two of his friends, umbrellaed and
roackintoshed. bore down on h'.ni. not
recognizing the motionless figure with
the water running off Its hat brim till
they were close oa him.
"Win, gone crazy!" cried one gayly.
"When did It come on. "Winnie boy?"
He looked up startled, and had th»
presence of mind enough not to open
his umbrella.
"Win's trying to grow," said the
other, knowing that his insignificant
size was a mortification to the young
man. "So he's standing out In the rala
like a plant."
"Raln'3 all right." said Win. "I liks
**•" ' "¦^.;-;
"No doubt about that, soany. Only
thing to doubt's your sanity."
"Cute little day, ain't It?" said his
companion.
"Win likes It." said the first. "Keep
it up, old chap, and you'll be sbc feet
high before the winter's over."
He turned away and went slowly oat.
the photographer and his assistant
looking curiously after htm. Ther«
were steos to go down before h« re
gained the street, and he descended
them In a maze, the rain pouring on
his head, his closed umbrella In his
hand. It was all as clear as daylight
now— the secret searching out of th«
mother and daughter. the interest
taken by his father In the beautiful and
talented girl, his desire to educate and
provide for her. It was all as plain as
A, B, C. .
"She was so different from Maud and
me," Win thought humbly, as he moved
forward In the blinding rain. "No ¦woiv.
der he was fond of her."
It was so astonishing, ao simple, and
yet so hard to realize In the first mo
ment of discovery this way, that ha
stopped and stood staring at the pave*
ment.
"It's a stunning picture and no mis
take," said Win, arranging his glasses,
"but it must be easy to make a picture
of a girl like that."
"On the contrary, I* think: it's hard.
Miss Moreau's handsome, but it's a
beauty that's more suitable to a
gravely into his. At the moment that
his glance, fresh from other faces, fell
on It, the haunting suggestion of fa
miliarity, of having some intimate con
nection with orvmemory of It. possessed
him with sudden, Btartling force. ' Of
whom did she remind him?
He backed away from It, and, as he
did so, was conscious that he knew ex
actly the way^her lips would open If
she had been going to speak, of the pre
cise manner she had of lifting her chin.
Yet he had seen her only twice In his
life that he knew of, and then in the
half-dark. It was not that she was
known to him, but some one that she
looked . like — some one he knew well,
that had some vague, yet close con
nection with his life. He felt In an eery
way that his mind was gropingly ap
proaching the solution, had almost
seized it, when the photographer's
voice behind him broke the thread.
"It will be ready in a moment. Mr.
Shackleton," he said. "You're looking
at that picture. It's a Miss Moreau. a
yc-ung lady who, I believe, is a singer.
I put it there by itself, as I was Just a
little proud of it.**
"Mightn't a girl Just be Independent?"
said the young man, putting up a long,
thin hand to press his glasses against
his nose "With a first and second finger.
"Just independent, and nothing else?"
./: "There's no knowing what a "girl
mightn't V he. Mr - ShacJCleton," Mrs.
Willers responded gloomily. : "I was
one myself once, but lt's^so long ago
I've forgotten what it's like: and,
thank heaven, it's a stage that's soon
passed."
It so happened that this little conver
sation set "Win's mind once more to
thinking of the girl his father had been
so determined to find and benefit. As
he left The Trumpet office, shortly after
the withdrawal of Mrs. Willers, his
mind was full of the queries the find
ing of the letters had aroused in it.
The handsome girl he had seen that af
ternoon, three j months ago, appeared
before^his mental vision, and this time
as her face flashed out on him from the
dark places of memory it had a sud
den tantalizing suggestion of familiar
ity. The question came that so often
teases us with the sudden glimpse of a
vaguely recognized face: "Where have
I seen it before r* '
Win walked slowly up Third street
meditating under a spread umbrella.
your mother, as I've told her In this
letter, that I don't understand her at
all. She's got some Idea In her head,
but I can't make it out." ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
3THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
4
letter and read it again. Then crump
ling it In her hand, the locked Into the
fire with eyes of somber perplexity.
What was the matter with the girl?
Mrs. Willers stated positively that, as
far as she could ascertain, there was
no man that had the slightest influence
over Mariposa Moreau's affections. She
was acting entirely on her own volition.
But what had made her change her
mind. Mre. Willers did not know.
Something had undoubtedly occurred,
she thought, that had Influenced Mari
posa io a total reversal of opinion.
Mre. Willers said she could not imagine
what this was. but It had changed the
girl, not only In ambition and point of
view, but In character.
The letter frightened Bessie. It had
made her silent all through dinner, and
now brooding over the fire, she thought
of what it might mean and felt a cold
apprehension seize her. Could Mari
posa know? Her behavior and conduct
since Shackleton's death suggested
such a possibility. It was incredible to
think of, but Lucy might have told.
And also, might not the girl. In ar
ranging her mother's effects after her
death, have come on something, letters
or papers, which had revealed the past?
A memory rose up in Bessie's mind of
the girl wife she had supplanted,
clinging to the marlage certificate,
which was all that remained to remind
her of the days when she had been the
one lawful wife. Bessie knew that this
paper had been carefully tied In the
bundle which held Lucy's few posses
sions when they left Salt Lake. She
knew It was still in the bundle when
she. herself, had handed It to the de
serted girl In front of Moreau's cabin.
Might not Mariposa have found it?
She rose and walked about the room.
feeling sick at the thought. She was
3 no longer young, and her iron nerve had
I been permanently shaken by the sud
¦ denness of her husband's death. Mari^
I poea, with her mother's marriage cer
1 tificate. might be plotting some desper
1 ate coup. No wonder she refused to go
I to Paris! If she could establish her
ft claim as Shackleton's eldest and only
I legitimate child, she would not only
g sweep from Win and Maud the lion's
B share of their inheritance, but, equally
H unbearable, she would drag to the light
¦ the ugly story— the terrible story that
j Jake Shackleton and his second wife
I had so successfully hidden.
F Her thoughts were suddenly broken
| in on by the bang of the front door. She
| looked at the clock and saw it was only
I nine. If it was the Count who was
1 going he had stayed less than an hour.
I What had happened? She moved to
l the door and listened.
j She heard a light step, slowly and
I furtively mounting the stairs. It was
I Maud, for, though she could attempt
I to deaden her footfall, she could not
I hush the rustling of her silken skirts'.
I As the sweeping sound reached the
I stair-head, Beseie opened her door.
I Maud stopped short, her black dress
I fading into the darkness about her,
¦ so that her white face teemed to be
B floating unattached through the air
3 like an optical deluelon.
SJL "Why, mommer," she said, faltering
f| ly. "I thought you were In bed."
II "Has the Count gone?" queried her
y mother, with an unusual sternness of
¦ tone.
J "Yes." eaid the girl, "he's gone. He—
U he — went early to-night."
M ""Why did he go so early?"
1 ' "He didn't want to stay any longer."
J Maud was terrified. Her hand dutch
1 ing the balustrade was trembling and
¦ icy. In her father's lifetime she had
(1 known that she would never dare to
1 tell of her engagement to Latimer. She
I would have ended by eloping. Now,
1 the feat of her mother, who had always
ii been the gentler parent, froze her
« timid souirand even the Joy of her love
[I seemed swamped in this dreadful mo-
V ment of confession.
1 -"Did the Coftnt ask you to marry
I him?" said Bessie.
a "Yes! and—" with tremulous desper
1 ation, "I said no, I couldn't."
h "You said no! that's not possible.
a You couldn't be such a fool."
¦ "Well. I was. and I said it."
1 "Come in here," Maud," said her
I 'mother, standing back from the door
fl way; "we can't talk sensibly this way."
3 But Maud did not move. *
-,| "No, I don't want to go in there,"
« she said, like a naughty child; "there's
nothing to talk about. I don't want to
1 marry him and I told him so and he'a
II gone, and that's the end of it."
j L "The end of it! That's nonsense. 1
M want you to marry Count de Lamolle.
fl I don't want to hear silly talk like this.
I'll write to him to-morrow."
I "Well, it won't do you or him any
11 goed," said Maud, to whom fear was
ill giving courage, "for I won't marrj
"J him, and neither you nor he can drag
|R me to the altar if I won't go. It's not
[fl the time of the £rusades."
sM If Maud's allusion was not precisely
yS illuminating, her mother understood it
jl "It may not be the time of the Cm-
I 1 sades," she said, grimly, "but neither is
Jl It the time when girls can be fools an<3
¥A no one hold out a hand to check them
Do you realize what this marriage
I | means for you? Position, title, an en-
I J trance into # soclety that you never it
fk any other way could put as much at
A the end of your nose Into."
S3 "If I don't want to put even the end
¦ of my nose into it, what good does it
«h do me? You know I hate society. ]
hate going to dinners and sitting be
y 1 side people who talk to tne about things
ill don't understand or care for. I hat<
\ I going to balls and dancing round am
/ I round like a teetotum with men I don' 1
f A like. And if it's bad here, what would
M It be over there where I don't speal
fl their language or know their ways
Jh and they'd think I was just somethinj
fli queer and savage the Count* ha<
/i caught over here with a lasso."
Jm Fears and doubts she had neve:
fell spoken of to any one but Latimer carm
£i glibly to her lips in this moment o
V misery. Her mother was surprised a
[I* her fluencyi
\M "You're piling up objections out o
nothing," she said. "When those peo
ple over in France know what your
fortune is. make no mistake, they'll be
only too glad to know you and be your
friend. They'll not think you queer and
savage. You'll be on the top of every
thing over there, not just one of^ a
bunch of bonanza heiresses, as you are
here. And the Count? Do you know
any one so handsome, so gentlemanly,
so elegant and polite in San Francis
co?"
"I know a man I like better." said
Maud, in a muffled voice.
The white face, with its dimly sug
gested figure, looked whiter than ever.'
"What do you mean by that?" said
her mother, stiffening. /
"I mean Jack Latimer."
"Jack Latimer? One of your father's
clerks! Maud, come In here at once. I
can't stand talking in the hall of things
like this."
"?Co f I won't come in," cried Maud,
backing away against the baluster,
and feeling as she used to, do In her
Juvenile days, when she was hauled by
the hand to the scene of punishment.
"There's nothing more to talk about.
I'm engaged to Jack Latimer, and I'm
going to marry him, and that's the be
ginning and the end of it all.
She felt desperately defiant, standing
there in the. darkness looking at her
mother's massive shape against the
glow of the lit doorway.
"Jack Latimer!" reiterated Mrs.
Shackleton, "who only gets $150 a
month and has to give some of it to his
people." ¦'¦ \i~ [ :'.
"Well, haven't I got enough for two?"
"Maud, you've gone crazy. All " I
know is that I'll not let you spoil your,
future. I l ll write to Count de Lamolle
to-morrow, and I'll write to Jack Lati
mer. too."
"What good will that do anybody?
Count de Lamolle can't marry me If I
don't want to. And why should Jack
Latimer throw me over because you
ask Ijlm to? He," she made a tremu
lous hesitation that would have touched
a softer heart, and then added, "he
likes me."
"Likes you!" repeated her mother,
with furious scorn, "he likes the five
million dollars."
"It's me," said Maud, passionately;
"it isn't the money. And he's the only
person in the world except Win who
has ever really liked me. I don't feel
when I'm 'with him that I'm so ugly
and stupid, the way I feel with every
body else. He likes to hear me. talk,
and when he looks at me I don't feel
as If he was saying to himself, 'What
an ugly girl she Is, anyway.' But I feel
that he doesn't know whether I'm
pretty or ugly. He knows he loves me
the way I am."
luxury of laziness. At the top of the
fourth flight she paused, panting, while
the astonished office boy stared at her,
recognizing her as the chief's mother.
Mrs. Willers was in her cubby-hole,
with a drop-light sending a little :c!rcle
of yellow radiance over the middle of
the desk. A litter of newspaper cut-,
tings surrounded her; and Miss Peebles,
at the moment of Mrs. Shackletoh's en
trance, was in the cane-bottomea chiatr,
in which aspirants for journalistic
honors usually sat % The rustle of Mrs.
Shackleton's silks and . the faint ad
vancing perfume that preceded her an
nounced an arrival of unusual distinc
tion, and Miss Peebles had turned un
easily in the chair and Mrs. Willers was
peering out from* the circle of the drop
light, when the lady entered the room.
Miss Peebles rose with a flurried
haste and thrust forward the chair,' and
Mrs. Willers extricated herself from the
heaped up newspapers and extended a
welcoming hand. The greetings ended,
the younfjer woman bowed herself out,
her opinion of Mrs. Willers, If possible,
higher even than H had been before.
Mrs. Willers was' surprised, but dis
creetly refrained from showing It. She
had known Mrs. Shackleton for several
years, and had once heard, from her
late chief, that his wife approved her
matter and counseled her advancement.
But to, have her appear thus unan
nounced In the intimate heat and bur
den of office hours ! was decidedly un
expected. Mrs. Shackleton knew this
and proceeded to explain.
"You must think It queer, my v coming
down on you.t&Is way, when you're up
to your neck in work, but I won't keep
you ten minutes." She looked at the
small nickel .clock that ticked aggres
sively In the middle of the desk. "And
I know you are too busy a woman to
ask to come . air the way up to my
house. So I've come down to you."
"Pleased and flattered," murmured
Mrs. Willers, pushing' back her chair,
and kicking a space In the newspapers,
so that she could cross her knees' at
ease. "But, don't hurry, Mrs. Shackle
ton. Work's well on and I'm at your
disposal for a good many ten minutes."
"It's just to talk over, that letter you
sent me by Win. What do you under
stand by Miss Moreau's behavior, Mrs.
Willers?"
"I don't understand anything by it.
I don't understand it at all." •
"That's the way it seems to me.
There's only one explanation of it that
I can see, and you say that isn't the
right one."
"What was that?"
"That there's some man here she's
interested In. When a girl of that age.
without a cent, or a friend or a pros
pect, refuses an offer that means a
docsn t like that man, ana sne wouiant
marry him If he was hung over
with diamonds and was going to give
her the Con Virginia for a wedding
present." '*2|8§
"Bosh!" ejaculated her companion,
with sudden, sharp Irritation. "That's
what she says. They have no money
to marry, on, I suppose, and she's try-
Ing to keep her engagement secret. It
explains everything. I must say I'm
relieved.'. I had the girl on my mind,
and It seemed, to me she was so sense
less and fly-away that you didn't. know
where "stieM fetch uo."
Mrs. Willers was annoyed. It was not
pleasant to her to hear Mariposa
spoken'of this way. But a long life of
struggle and misfortune • had taught
her, among other valuable things, the
art of hiding unprofitable anger under
a bland smile.
"Well, all' I can say," she said, laugh
ing qulte2 naturally, "Is that I hope
you're wrong. I'm sure I don't want to
see her married to that man."
"Why not?" queried Mrs. Shackleton,
with the sudden arrested glance of sur
prised curiosity. "What Is thereto oD
ject to in such a marriage?*'
"Hundreds of things," answered Mre.
Willers, feeling that there are many
disadvantages ,In having to converse
with your employer's mother on the
subject of one of your best friends.
"Who knows anything about Barry Es
sex? No one knows where he comes
from, or who he is, or even if Essex is
his name. I don't believe It Is, a/ all.
I think he Just took it because U sounds
like the aristocracy. And what's his
record? I'll lay ten to_one there are
things behind him he wouldn't like to
See published on the frontpage of The
Trumpet. He's no man to\make a girl
happy."
"You seem to be taking a good deal
for granted. Because you don't know
anything about him, It's no reason to
suppose the worst. He certainly looks
and acts like a gentleman, and he.^s
finely educated. And Isn't It better for
a girl like Miss Moreau to have a hus- f
band to take care of her than to go
roaming around by herself, throwing
away every chance she gets, for some
crazy notion? That young woman's "not
able to take care of herself. The best
thing for her Is to get Barry Essex to
do it for her." • ._¦
"I've known women," said Mrs. Will
erB. Judicially, " who thought that, a
bad husband was better than no hus
band at all. But I'm not of that opinion
myself, having' had one of the bad ones.
Solomon said a corner of a housetop
and a dinner of herbs was better than a
wide house' with a brawling woman.
And I tell you that one room In Tar
Flat and beers liver for every meal Is
She burst into wild .tears, and before
her mother could an»wer or arrest her,
had brushed past her and fled up the
next, flight of stairs, the sound of her
sobs floating down from the upper
darkness to the listener's ears. Bessie
retreated Into the boudoir and shut the
door.
\ Maud ran on and burst into, her own
room, there to throw herself on the bed
and weep despairingly for hours. She
thought of her lover, -the one. human
being- besides her 'brother who had
never made her feel ; her "- inferiority,
and lying limp and shaken among the
pillows, thought witha ,wlld>thrlll of
longing of the time when she;. would be
free to creep into his arms and hide the
ugly face he found so: satisfactory
upon his heart. ; •. .
In the morning, before she was up,
Bessie visited her and renewed the con
versation- of the night before. Poor
Maud, with a throbbing head and
heavy eyes, lay - helpless, answering
questions that probed the tender secrets
of the clandestine courtship, whlcn had
been to her an oasis of almost terri
fying happiness in the lonely repression
of her life. Finally, unable longer to
endure her mother's sarcastic allu
sions 'to Latlmer's dlslngenuousness,
she sprang out of bed and ran into the
bathroom, which was part of the suite
she occupied. Here she turned on both
taps, the sound of the rushing water
completely drowning her mother's
voice, and sitting on the side of the tub,
looked drearily down into the bath
while Bessie's concluding and indig
nant sentences rose from the outer
side of the door.
Mrs. Shackleton lunched alone that
day. Win generally went to his club
for his midday meal, and Maud had
gone out early and found hospitality at
the house of Pussy Thurston. Bessie
had done more thinking that morning
in the intervals of her domestic duties
— she was a notable housekeeper and
personally superintended every depart
ment of her establishment— and had de
cided to dedicate part of the aftejnoon
to the society of Mrs. Willers. One of
the secrets of Mrs. Shackleton's success
in life had been her power to control
and retain Interests in divers matters
at the same time. Maud's unpleasant
news had not pushed the even more
weighty subject of Mariposa into abey
ance. It was as prominent as ever in
the widow's mind.
She drove down to The Trumpet office
soon after lunch and slowly, mounted
the long stairs. It would have been
a hardship for. any other woman of
her years and 'weight, but Bessie's
bodily energy was still remarkable, and
she had never indulged herself : in the
successful and maybe a famous future,
what's a person to think? Something's
stopping her. And the only thing I
know of that 'would stop her is that
she's fallen in love. . But you say sne
hasn't." .,'
"She don't strike me as being so. 8he
don't talk like a girl in love." .
"Isthere any man who is interested
In her and sees her continually?"
Mrs. Willers was naturally a truthful
woman, but a hard .experience of life
had taught, her to prevaricate with
skill and coolness when she thought
the occasion demanded it. ' She saw no
menace now, however, and vas en
tirely In' sympathy with Mrs. Shackle
ton in her annoyance at Mariposa's Ir
ritating behavior.
"Yes," she said, nodding with grave
eyes, "there is a man."
"Oh, there is," said the other, bend-
tag forward with a sudden Interest that
v.-ss not lost upon Mrs. Wlllsrs. "Who?"
"One of our men here, Barry Essex."
"Essex!" exclaimed the widow, with
a sudden light of "relieved comprehen
sion suffusing; her glance. "Of course.
I know him. -That dark, foreign-look
ing man that nobody knows anything
about. Mr. Shackleton thought a great
deal of him; said he was thrown. away
on The Trumpet., He's not a bit an or
dinary sort of person."
"That's the one," said Mrs. Willers,
nodding her head In somber acquies
cence. "And you're right about no
body knowing , anything about him.
He's a dark mystery, I think." _.
"And you say. he's In love with her?"
"That's .what I'd Infer from what she
tells me."
"What does she tell you?"
"He's asked hereto, marry him."
"Then . they're -engaged. That ac
counts for the whole thing." .
"No, they're not engaged. She's re
fused him." . '
"Refused him? That girl who's been
living In an abode at Santa Barbara,
refuse that ¦ fine-looking fellow? Why.
she'll never seen a man like that again
in her life. She's not refused him? Of
course, she's engaged to him."
"No, you're mistaken. She's not. She
doesn't like him." ¦ ' S ..,¦•'
"That's what she tells you. Girls al
ways say that sort of thing. That ex
plains the way. she's acted from the
start. He hadn't asked her when Mr.'
Shackleton was alive. She's engaged to
him now and doesn't want to leave him.
¦ She struck. me as, just that soft, senti
mental sort."
"You're wrong, Mrs. Shackleton; I
know Mariposa Moreau. She tells the
truth; all of it. That's why it's so hard
sometimes to" understand what she
means.* We're riot used to ; it. She
better than a palace on Nob Hill with
a husband that's no account."
"I'm afraid you're inclined to look on
the dark aide of matrimony," said Mrs.
Shackleton, laughing, as she rose from
her chair.
"May be so," said the other; ''but af
ter my experience I don't thlnfc.it suoh
a blissful state that I want to round up
all my friends and drive them into the
corral, whether they want to go or
not."
Mrs. Shackleton looked, down for a
pondering moment. She was evidently
not listening. Raising her head 'she
met Mrs. Wllers' half -sad,/ half-twink
ling «yes with a gaze of keen scrutiny,
and said:
"Then if it isn't a love affair, what is
it that's made Miss Moreau change her.
mind?"
"Ah!" Mrs. Willers shrugged her
shoulders. "That's what I'd like to
know as well as you. I can only say
what It's not." .:
"And that's Barry Essex. Well, Mrs.
Willers, you're a smart woman, but you
know your business better than you do
the vagaries of young girls. I don't
know Miss Moreau well, but I'd like to
bet that I understand her this time bet
ter than you do."
She smiled genially and held out her
hand.
"My ten minutes are up," nodding at
the clock. "And I'm too much of a
business woman to outstay .my time
limit. , No" — in answer, to Mrs. Willers'
polite demur— "I must go."
She moved toward the door, then
paused 'and said: .
"Isn't Essex a sort, of Frenchman?
Or wasn't he, anyway, .brought up in
Paris, »or had a French mother, or
something ?"
"As to his mother," said Mrs.' Wlllers,
Bourly, "the Lord alone. knows who she
was. I've heard she was everything
from the daughter of a duke to a snake
charmer In a dime .museum.': But he
told , me. he was born , and ; partly edu
cated in Paris, and Madame Bertrand,
at the rotlssefie, tells me he must have
been, as he talks real French, not the
kind you learn out of a book.-'
"He certainly looks . like \ a French
man,",said the departing guest. .'.'Well,
good by. . It's a sort of bond -between
us to try to settle to her advantage this
silly girl who. doesn't want tb.be set
tled. If you hear any more of her af
fair with Essex, you^ might let me
know. In spite, of my criticism, . I take
the greatest Interest In her. I wouldn't
criticize if I didn't/'
• .As Mrs.,.Shackleton was 'slowly ; de
scending < U»e .Ion?? stairs,' .Mrs. Willers
still 7 stood beside; her, desk, -thinking.
The visit had surprised \ her ; in , the be-
ginning. Now It left her feeling puz
zled'and vaguely disturbed^ Why did
Mrs. Shackleton seem to be so desirous
of thinking that Mariposa was be
trothed .to Essex? The bonanza king's •
widow was a woman of large charities
and carelessly magnificent generosities,
but she wag also a woman of keen in
sight and unwavering common sense.
Her interest in Mariposa was 'as strong
as her husband's and was entirely ex
plainable as his had been, in the light
of their old acquaintance with the girl's
father. What Mrs. Willers could not
understand was how any person who
had Mariposa Moreau's welfare at
heart, could derive satisfaction from
the thought of her marrying? Barry Es
sex. ' • '
CHAPTER XVII.
. ~ FRIEND AND BROTHER.
"Wisdom la good with an Inheritance, and
by It th«re Is proHt to them that see the sun."
— Eceleelastes. .
Marlposa's $16 a month had been aug
mented to $28 by the accession of three
new pupils. These had been acquired
through Isaac Pierpont. who was glad
to find a cneap teacher for his poten
tial prima donnas, who were frequently
lacking in the simplest knowledge of
instrumental music.
Mariposa was impressed and flattered
by. her extended clientele, and at first
felt some embarrassment in finding
that one. of the pupils was a woman ten
year* older than herself. The worry
she had felt on the score of her living
war now at rest, for Pierpont had
promised her his continued aid, and her
new scholars professed themselves
much pleased with her efforts.
Her monthly earnings were sufficient
to cover her exceedingly modest living
expenses. The remnants of her fortune
—the few dollars left after her moth
er's funeral and the money realized by
the sale of the Jewelry and furniture
that were the last relics of their beaux
jours— made up the amount of $320.
This was In the bank. In the little desk
that stood on a table In her room was
¦the, $500 In "gold Shackleton had sent
'.her. She had not touched It and never
Intended to. seeming to repudiate its
possession, by keeping it thus secret
and apart from her other store.
The time was wearing on toward mid-
December. Christmas was beginning to
figure in the conversation of Miguel
and Benito, end with an eye to its ap
proach they had both Joined a Sunday
school, to which they piously repaired
every Sabbath morn. They had intro
duced the question of presents In their
'conversations with Mariposa with such
smiling persistence that she had finally
promised them that, on her first free
afternoon, she would go down town and
price certain articles they coveted. The
afternoon came within a few days af
ter her promise, one of her pupils send
ing her word -that she was invited out
of town for the holidays, and her les
sons would cease till after New Year's.
y > The pricing had evidently been sat
isfactory, for. late In the afternoon,
Mariposa turned her face homeward,
her hands full of small packages. It
was one of the clear, hazeless days of
thin atmosphere, with an edge of cold,
that are — mattered through the San
Francisco winter. There is no frost In
the air, but the chill has a searching
quality which suggests winter, as does
the wild radiance of the sunset spread
over the west in a transparent wash of
red. The Invigorating breath of cold
. made the younir girl's blood glow, and
she walked rapidly along Kearny
street, the exercise In the sharp air
causing a faint, * unusual pink to- tint
her cheeks. Her Intention was to walk
to Clay street and then take the cable
car, which in those days slid slowly up
the long hills, past the Plaza and
through Chinatown.
- She was near the Plaza, when a hall
behind her fell on her ears, and turning
sSe saw Barron close on her heels, his
hands also full of small packages. He
had been at the mines for two weeks,
and she could but notice the unaffected
gladness of his greeting. She felt glad,
too, a circumstance of which, for some
occult -reason, she was ashamed, and
the shame; and the gladness combined
lent a reserved and yet conscious qual
ity to her smile and kindled a charm-
Ing embarrassment in her eye. They
stood j by the curb, he looking at her
with glances of naive admiration, while
she looked down at her parcels. Pass
ers by noticed them, setting them down,
she in her humble dress, he in his un
metropolitan roughness of aspect, as a
couple from the country, a rancher or
miner and his handsome sweetheart.
He took her parcels away from her,
and they started forward toward the
Flasa.
"Do you hear me panting?" he said,
laying his free hand on his chest.
"No, why should you pant?"
"Because J've been running all down
Kearny street for blocks after you. I
never knew 'any one to walk as fast in
my life. I thought even if I didn't
catch you you'd hear me panting be
hind you and think it was some new
kind of fire engine and turn round and
look. . ''But you never wavered — simply
'went on like a racer headed for the
goal. Did you walk so fast because you
knew I was behind you?"
She looked at him quickly with a side
glance of protest and met his eyes full
of quizzical humor and , yet with a
gleam ' of something eager and earnest
In them.
; ;^i'l like to walk fast in the cold air. It
makes me fed so alive. For a long
time I've, felt as. though I were hall
dead, and you don't know how exhila
rating it Is. to feel life come creeping
back. It's ilke being able to breathe
freely after you've been almost suffo
... cated. But where did you see me or
Kearny street?"
"I.was in a place buying things foi
the boys. I ws looking at a drum foi
Benito, and I just happened to. glance
up, and there. -you were passing. ]
dropped: the. drum and. ran." ,
"A drum for Benito! Oh, Mr. Barron
. Han't eet 'Rp.nito n drum!"
He could not control his laughter at
sight of her expression of horrified pro
test. He laughed so loudly that people -
looked at him. She smiled herself, not
quite knowing why, and Insensibly,
both feeling: curiously light-hearted,
they drew closer together.
"What can I get?" he said. "I looked
at knives and guns, and I knew that
they wouldn't do. Benito* would cer
tainly kill Miguel and probably' grand
ma. I thought of a bat and ball, and
then I knew he'd break all the win
dows. The man in the store wanted me
to buy a bow and arrow, but I saw him
taking his revenge on the crab lady.
Benito's a serious problem any way you
take him." .
They had come to the Plaza, once an
open space of sand, round which the
wild, pioneer city swe*pt in whirlpool
currents, now already showing the
lichened brick and dropping plaster, the
sober line of house fronts, of an aging
locality. Where Chinatown backed on
the square the houses had grown ori
ental, their western ugliness, disguised
by the touch of gilding that, here and
there,. incrusted their fronts, the sway
'ing of crimson lanterns, the green zig
zags of dwarf trees. Over the top of
the Clay-street hill the west shone red
through smoke which filled the air with
a keen, acrid smell. It told of hearth
fires. And oozing out of a thousand
chimneys and streaming across the
twilight city It told of homes where the
good wife made re'ady for her man.
"Let's not take the cars," said Bar
ron. "Let's walk home. Can you man
age those hills?"
She gave a laughing assent, and they
turned upward, walking slowly as be
fitted the climb. Chinatown opened be
fore them like the mysterious, medie
val haunt of robbers in an old drawing.
The murky night was settling on It,
shot through with red gleams at the
end of streets, where the sunset pried
Into its peopled darkness. The black
ness of yawning doorways and stealthy
alleys succeeded the brilliancy of a
gilded Interior, or a lantern-lit balcony.
Strange smells were in the air, aromatic
and noisome, as though the dwellers In
this domain were concocting their
wizard brews. There was a sound ofi
shifting feet, a clatter of guttural j
voices, and a vision of faces passing
from light to shadow, marked by a
•weird similarity, and with eyes like
bits of onyx let into the tight-drawn i
skin. ' ; * C
The ascent was long and steep, and
they walked slowly, talking in a desul
tory fashion. Mariposa recounted the
trivial Incidents that had taken place
In the Garcia house during her com- •
panlon's absence. As they breasteu the )
last hill the light grew brighter, for the
sunset still lingered In a reluctant glow.
"Take my arm," said Barron. "You're
out of breath."
She took It, and they began slowly tc
mount the ' last steep blocks. Shr
glanced up at him to smile her thankr
for his support, and met his eyes, look
ing intently, at her. * The red light
strengthened on her face as they as
cended.
it ,
Stout Women
made thin
By Wearing Our
Belt-Reducing Corsets. \
gill
It supports the bust in nat-
ural position and lengthens
the waist. Cut low and full
around the top, with the waist
line running low in front. A
circular belt around the bot-
tom sets snugly over hips and
abdomen, giving that long-
waist ed, straight-front, figure
so much desired. It is the
ideal ,corset for comfort.
Boned .throughout with dou-
ble aluminoid boning, which is
unbreakable, also rust-proof.
It is made of imported mate-
rial, many different shapes.
To those that are hard to
fit or have their corsets made
to order we would like you to
come in and inspect these.
Corset Fitted and Altered Free.
Expert Fitters in Attendance.
Price"$3 7 |g
JOE ROSENBERG
The Home of Good Corssts
181 6 Market, 11 O'FarreD,
SAN FRANCISCO. J
"1 *
DON'T MISS THIS PHOTOGRAPH.
When Tonnessen secured the beautiful ,boyj who makiqs up one of the group of fig-
ures in his latest art creation, "An Easter Offering," he found the most per-
fect subject in America. This colored photograph, which is a spiritual mas-
terpiece, will be given free with the . t h'-'k^
Next Sunday Call Easter Edition.THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CAIX.
"You've the strangest eyes," he said,
suddenly. "Do you know what they're
the color of?"
"My father used to aay they were
like a dog's," she answered, feeling un
able to drop them and yet uneasy under
his unflinching caze.
"They'rexthe color of sherry — exactly
the same."
"I won't let you see them any more
if that's the best you can say of them,"
she said, dropping them.
"I could say they were the color of
beer," he answered, "but I thought
sherry sounded better."
"Beer!" ehe exclaimed, averting not
only her eyes, but her face. "That's an
Insult."
"Well, then, I'll only say in the sim
plest way what I think. I'm not the
kind of man who makes fine speeches —
they're the most beautiful eyes in the
world."
"That's the worst of all," she an
swered, extremely confused and not
made more comfortable by the thought
that she had brought it on herself.
"Let's leave my eyes oct of the ques
tion."
"All right I'll not speak of them
again. But I'll want to see them now
and then."
Ha sjlw her color mounting, and in
the joy of her close proximity, loiter
ing arm la arm up the sordid street,
he laughed again in his happiness and
said:
"When a person owns something
that's rare and beautiful he oughtn't
to be mean about it" *
"I suppose not" said the owner of
the rare and beautiful possessions,
keeping them sternly ont of sight
He continued to look ardently at
heft not conscious of what he was do-
Ing, his step growing slower and
slower.
"It's a long climb," he said at
length. v
"Tes." she assented. "Is that why
you're going so slowly?"
"Are we going so slowly?" he asked,
and as if to demonstrate how slow had
been their progress, they both came
to a stop like a piece of run-down ma
chinery.
They looked at each other for a
questioning moment, then burst into
simultaneous pe_ls of laughter.
One of the last and daintiest charms
that nature can give a woman is a
lovely laugh. It suggests unexplored
riches of tenderness and sweetness,
unrevealed capacity for joy and pain,
as a harsh and unmusical laugh tells
of an arid nature, hard, without juice,
devoid of imagination, mystery and
passion. Like her mother before her
Mariposa possessed this charm in its
highest form. The ripple of sound
that flowed from her lips was music,
and it cast a spell over the man at
whose side she stood, as Lucy's laugh
twenty years before had cast one over
Dan Moreau. i
"I never heard you laugh before,"
he said in delight. "What can I say
to make you do it again?"
"You didn't say anything that
time," said Mariposa. "So I suppose
he best way is for you to be silent"
Barron took hef advice and sur
veyed her mutely with dancing eyes.
For a moment her lips, puckered Into
a tremulous pout twitched with the
premonitory symptoms of a second
outburst But she controlled them,
moved by some perverse instinct of
coquetiy. while the laughter welled
op in the eyes that were fixed on him.
"I see I'll have to make a Joke," he
?aid, "and I can't think of any."
"Mrs. Garcia's got a book full. You
might borrow it"
"Couldn't you tell me one that's
made you laugh before and loan it to
me?"
"But it mightn't work a second
time. I might take it quite solemnly.
A sense of humor's a very capricious
thing."
"I think the lady who's got It is
even more so," he said.
And then once again they laughed
in concert, foolishly and gayly and
without knowing why.
They had gained the top of the hill,
and the blaze of red that swept across
tbe west shone on their faces. They
were within a few minutes' walk of
the house now and they continued,
arm in arm, a« was the custom of the
day. and at the same loiterinr gait
"Didn't you tell me your people
came originally from Eldorado
County, eomewhere up near Hang
toxrn?" he asked. 'Tre Just been up
that way, and if TO. known the place
I might, hare stopped there."
"Oh, you never could have found
it," said Mariposa. hastily. "It was
only a cabin miles back in the foot
hills. My mother often told me of it
— Just a cabin by a stream. It has
probably disappeared now. My fath
er and mother met and were married
.here among the mines, and — and — I
.vas born there," she ended, stammer
ngly. hating the lies upon which her
•outhful traditions had been built
"If I'd known you had been born
here Td have gone on a pilgrimage to
Ind that cabin If It had taken a
nonth."
"But I tell you It can't be standing
-et I'm 24 years old — " she suddenly
ealized that this too, was part of the
-lecessary web of mlsstatement in
vhlch she was caught The color
leepened on her face into a conscious
•lush. She dropped her eyes, then
-aislng them to his with a curious de
iance, said: *
•«jjo_that'a a mistake. I'm — I'm —
nore than that, I'm 25. nearly 26."
Barron, who ¦ saw nothing in the
¦quivocation but a girl's foolish de
*lre to understate her age, burst into
lelighted laughter, and pressing the
hand on his arm against his side, said:
"Why. I always thought you were
.ears older than that — 80 to 35 at
'.east" *
And he looked with teasing eyes
into her face. But this time Mariposa
lid not even smile. The joy had sud-
denly gone out of her, and she walked
on in silence, her head drooped, seem
ing in some mysterious way to have
grown suddenly anxious and preoc
cupied.
"There's the house," she said at
length. "I was getting tired."
"There's a light in the parlor," said
Barron. as he opened the gate. "What
can be the matter? Has Benito killed
grandma, or is there a party?"
Their doubts on this -point were
soon set at rest. Their approaching
footsteps evidently were heard by. a
listening ear within, for the hall door
opened and Benito appeared in the
aperture.
"There's a man to see you in the
parlor." he announced to Mariposa.
Inside the hallway the door on the
left that led to Mrs. Garcia's apart
ments opened and the young woman
thrust out her head, and said in a hiES
lng whisper:
"There's a gentleman waiting for
you in the parlor, Miss Moreau."
At the same time Miguel imparted
similar information from the top of
the stairs, and the Chinaman appeared
st the kitchen door and cried from
thence, with the laconic dryness pe
culiar to his race:
"One man see you. parlor."
Mariposa stood looking from one to
the other with the raised eyebrows of
inquiring astonishment. The only
person who had visitors in the Garcia
house was Pierpont, and they did' not
come at such fashionably late hours.
"He's a thin, consumpted-looking
young man with eye-glasses," said
Mrs. Garcia, curling round the Soor
the better to project the hissing whis
per she employed, "and he said he'd
wait till you came In."
Mariposa turned toward the parlor
door, leaving the family, with Barron,
on the stairs, and the Chinaman, peer
ing from the kitchen regions, watch
ing her with tense interest, as if they
half expected they would never see
her again.
Two of the gases in the old chande
lier were lit and cast a sickly light
o\-er the large room, which had the
close, musty smell of an unaired
apartment. The last relics of Senora
Oarcia's grandeur were congregated
here — bronzes that once had .cost
large sums of money, a gilt console
that had been grought from a rifled
French chateau round the Horn In a
sailing ship, a buhl Cabinet with its
delicate silvery inlaying gleaming in
the half-light, and two huge Japanese
vases, with blue and white dragons
crawling round their necks, flanking
the fireplace.
On the edge of a chair, just under
the chandelier, sat a young man. He
had his hat in his hand, and his head
drooped so that the light fell smooth
ly on the crown of blonde hair. He
looked small and meager in the sur
rounding folds of a very large and
loose ulster. As the sound of the a«p
proaching step . caught his ear he
started and looked up, with the nar
rowed eyes of the near-sighted, and
then jumped to his feet. . . .
"Miss Moreau?" he said inquiringly,
and extended a long, thin hand which,
closing on hers, felt to her warm, soft
grasp like a bunch of chilled sticks.
She had not the slightest idea who he
was, and looking at him under the wan
light saw he was some one from- that
world of wealth with which she had
so few affiliations. Something about
him — the coldness of his hand, an in
describable trepidation of manner —
suggested to her that he was exceed
ingly ill at ease. She looked at him
wonderingly, and said:
"Won't you sit down?"
He sat at her bidding on the chair
he had risen from, subsiding Into the
small, shrunken figure in the middle
of enveloping folds of overcoat. One
hand hung down between his knees
holding his hat He looked at Mari
posa and then looked down at the hat.
"Cold afternoon, isn't it?" he said.
"Very cold," she responded, "but I
like It I hope you haven't been wait-
Ing long."
"Not very," he looked up at her,
blinking: near-sightedly through the
glasses; "I don't know whether you
know what my name is, Miss Moreau ?
It's Shackleton— Winslow Shackleton.
I forgot my card."
Mariposa felt a lightning-like
change came over her face, in which
there was a sudden stiffening of her
features into something hard and re
pellent To Win, at that moment, she
looked very t like 4iia father.
"Oh!" she said, ' hearing her voice
drop at the end of the interjection
with a note of vague disapproval and
uneasiness.
"I've seen you," continued Win,
"once at The Trumpet office, when you
were there with Mrs. Willers. I don't
think you saw me. I was back in the
corner, near the table where Jack —
that's the boy — sits." ,
Mariposa murmured:
"No, I aidn't see you."
She hardly knew what he said or
-what she responded. What did this
mean? What was going to happen
now?
"You must excuse my coming. this
way, without an introduction or any
thing, but as you knew my father and
mother, I — I — thought you wouldn't
mind."
He glanced at her again, anxiously,
she thought and she said suddenly,
with her habitual directness:
"Did you come from your mother?"
"No, I came on — on — my own hook.
I wanted"— he looked vaguely about
and then laid his hat on a table near
him — VI wanted to see you on busi
ness of my own."
The nervousness from which he was
evidently suffering began to communi
cate^ itself to Mariposa. The Shackle
ton 'family had come to mean every
thing that was painful and agitating
to her, and here' was a new one want
ing to talk to her about business that
she knew, past a doubt,- was of some
unusual character.
"If you've "come to talk to me about
going to Europe," (She said desperate-
ly. "I may as well tell you, there's no
use. I won't go to Paris now, as I
once said I would, and there's no good
trying to make me change my mind.
Your mother /and Mrs. Willers have
both tried to. and it's very Tdnd of
them, but I— can't.".
She had an expression at once of
fright and determination. . The sub
ject was becoming a nightmare to her, '
and she saw herself attacked again
from a strange quarter, and with, she
imagined, a new. set of arguments.
"It's nothing to do with going to
Europe," he said. ' "It's — It's" — he put
up one of* the .long, bony* hands, and
with the two first lingers pressed hi3
glasses back against his eyes, then
dropped the hand and stared at Mari
posa, the eyes looking strangely pale
and prominent behind the powerful
lenses. A
"It's something that's just between
you and me," he said.
She surveyed him without answer
ing, her brows drawn, her mind con
centrated on him and on . what he
could mean.
"Do you want me to teach somebody
music?" she said, wondering if this
could be the pleasant solution of the
enigma.
"No. The — er — the business I've
come to talk to you about ought to do
away .altogether with the. necessity of
your giving lessons."
They looked at each othar silently
for a moment Win was' conscious
that his hands were/trembling, and
that his mouth, was dry. He rose
from his chair and mechanically
reached for his hat. When he had
started on his difficult errand he had
been certain that she knew her rela
tionship* to his father. Now the
dreadful thought entered" his mind
that perhaps she did not And even Is
she did, it was evident that-she.was
not going to give him the least help.
, "What* is the business you've come
to see me about?" f she asked. -
"It's a question of money," he an
swered, i • - v
"Money!" ejaculated Mariposa, in
baffled amaze. "What money? Why?" !
He glanced desperately Into his hat
and then back at her. She saw the
hat trembling in his hand and sud
denly realized that this man was try
ing to say something that was agita
ting him to the marrow of his being.
"Mr. Shackleton," she said, rising to
her feet, "tell me what. you mean. I
don't understand. I'm completely at
sea. How can there be any question
of money between us when I've never
seen you or met you before? Explain
it all."
He dropped the hat to his side and
said slowly, looking her straight in the
face: ••
"I want to give you a share of the
estate left me by my father. I look
upon it as yours." ; - ; ¦•- -
There was a pause. He . saw her
paling under his gaxe, and realized
that whatever she might pretend, she
knew. His heart bled for her.
"As mine!" she said in a low, un
certain voice. "Why?".
"Because you have a right to it."
There was another pause. He
moved close to her and said, in a voice
full of a man's d3ep kindness:
"I can't explain any more. Don't
ask It. Don't let's bother anything in
the background. It's just the present,
that's our affair."
He suddenly dropped his .hat and
took her hand. It was as cold as. his
had been. He pressed It, and Mari
posa, looking dazedly at him, saw a
grleitm like tears behind the glasses.
"It's hateful to have you living here
like this, while we — that is, while
other people^^-have everything. I
can't stand It It's too mean and un
fair. I want you to share with me."
She shook her head, looking down,
a hundred thoughts bursting in upon
her brain. What did he know? How
had he found it out? In his grasp, her
hand trembled pitifully.
"Don't ''shake your hea<d," *ie .
pleaded, "It's so hard to say it Don't
turn it down before you've heard -no-
OUt."
"And It's hard to hear it," 3he mur
mured. .
"No one knows anything of this but
me." he continued, "and I promise you
that no other, ever: shall. It'll be just
between us as between" — he paused
and then added with a voice that was
husky — "as between brother and sis
ter.'.'
She shook her head again, deling
*for the moment too upset is .?peak,
and tried to draw away from him.
But he put his other hand on her
Bhoulder and held her.
"I'll go halves with you. I oan have
it all arranged so that no one wili ever
find out. I can't make th.- 5 regular
partition of the property until the end
of the year. But, until then, I'll sen 1
you what would be vour j Interest,
monthly,' and you can live where) or
how you like. I— I can't go on
knowing things,, and ' thinking - 1 you
livingjn this sort of way und teach- .
Ing music."
"I can't do it," she .said, in a stran
gled undertone, and pulling her hand
out of his grasp. "I can't. It's not
possible. I can't take money that Was
your father's."
"But it's not his— it's mine now/
Don't let what's dead and buried com '.
up and interfere."/
She backed away from him, still
shaking her head. She made an ef
fort toward a cold composure, but her
pain f seemed to show more clearly
through it. He looked at her, Viv»rd,
irresolute, wrung with p'.'.y. that he
knew she would not permit him to ox
press.
It was impossible for them' to. un
derstand each other. 3h», with, her
secret knowledge of her ritother'o law
ful claim and her own legitimacy— he
regarding her as the. wronged child of
his father's sin. In her 4:t>:iMl dis
tress she only half-grnpo i what h^
thought. The strongest fecllns she
had was once again to tlie toils
that these terrible peoi>«.». who hstd so
wronged her mother, were 'spreading
for her. They, wanted to pay her to
redeem the strain on their past. •
"Money can't set right what was
wrong,", she said. "Money can't
KQuare things between your { family
and mine."
"Money can't square anything— I
don't want it <o. I'm not trying to
square things; I've not thought about
it that way at all. I just wanted you
to have it because it seemed all wrong
for youNiot to. You had a right, just
as -; I hrid. and Maud had. I don't
think I've thought much about it,
anyway, it just came to me that you
ou.^lit to have what was yours. I
wouldn't make you feel bad for. the
world."
"Then remember, once and forever,
that I take nothing from you or your
people. I'd rather beg than take
money that came from your father."
"But he has nothing to do with it.
It's mine now. I've done you no in-
Jury, and It's I that want you to take
it. Won't you take it from me?"
He spoke-simply, almost wistfully,
like a little Doy. Mariposa answered:
"No— Oh, Mr. Shackleton. why
don't you . and your people let me
alone? I won't tell. I'll keep it all a
.secret. But your mother torments me
to go to Europe — and now you come!
If I were starving, I wouldn't — I
couldn't — take anything from any of
you. I think you're kind. I think
you've just come to-day because you
were sorry. But don't talk about it
any more. Let me be. Let me go
along teaching here where I belong.
Forget me. Forget that you ever saw
me. Forget* the- miserable tie of
blood there Is between us." *
"That's the thit?g I .can't forget.
That's the thing that worries me. It's
not the past. I've nothing to do with
that. It's the present that's my af
fair. I can't have everything while
you -have nothing. It don't seem to
'me It's like a manto act that way. It
goes against me, anyhow. I don't of
fer you this because of anything in the
past; that's my- father's affair. I don't
know anything about it. I offer it be
cause I — I — I" — he stammered over
the unfamiliar, words and finally
jerked out — " because I want to give
back what belongs to/you. That's all
there is to It Please take it." ,
She lopked directly into his eyes and
said, gravely: -
I "No. 'j«nv sorry if it's a disappoint
ment, bu^lVcan't." S4
Then "sbVsBddenly looked down, her
face began* to quiver, and she said in a
broken undertone:
"Don't talk about it any more; it
hurts ma so."
Win turned quickly away from her
and picked up his hat. He was con
fused "and disappointed, J and relieved,
too, for he had done the most difficult
piece of work of his life. But, at the
moment, his, most engrossing feeling
was sympathy for this girl, so bravely
drawing her pride together over the
bleeding of her heart.
' : \ She~ murmured a response in a
steadier voice and he turned toward
fier. Had any of his society friends
been by they would hardly have
known him. The foolish manner be
hind which he sheltered his shy and
sensitive nature was gone. He was
grave and looked very much of a man.
"Well, of course, it's fer you to say
what you want. But there's one thing
I'd like you to promise."
"To promise?" she said uneasily.
"Yes, and to keep it, too. And* that
is, if you ever want anything— help in
any way; if you get blue in your
spirits, or some one's not doing the
straight thing by. you, or gone back on
you — to come to me. I'm not much In
some ways, but I guess I could be of
use. And, anyway, it's good for a girl
to have some friend that she can
count on, who's a man. And" — he
paused with the door handle in his
hand — "and now you know me, any
way, and, that's something. Will you
promise?"
"Yes, I'll promise that," said Mari
posa, and moving toward him she
gave him her hand.
He pressed it, dropped itf and
opened the door. A moment later
Mariposa heard the hall door bang be
hind him. She sat flown in the chair
from which she had risen, her hand3
lying idle in. her lap. her eyes on a
rose in the carpet,, trying to think,' to
understand what it meant
CHAPTER XVIII.
WITH ME TO HELP.
"Look In my face, m; nime is — Mlrht Have
Hfen'.
I em alro called. No More. Too Late. Fare
well."' , , ¦ . — Rossettl.
Had Essex realized that Mrs. Will
ers was an adverse agent in his suit
of Mariposa. he would not have
greeted her with the urbane courte
ousness that marked their meeting?.
He was a man of many manners, and
he never would have wasted one of
his best on the newspaper woman, to
him essentially uninteresting and un
attractive, unless he had intended
thereby to further his own ends. Mrs.
Willers- he knew to be a friend * of
Mariposa and he thought it a wisi*
policy' to keep it* her good graces. He
made that mistake, so often- the un
doing of those whoare unscrupulous
and clever, of not crediting Mrs. Will
ers with her full amount of brains.
He had seen her foolish side, and- he
knew that she was a good journalist
of the hustling, energetic, unlntellect
ual type, but he saw no deeper.
Since their meeting in the park and
her unequivocal rejection of him hJs
feeling for Mariposa had- augmented
in force and fire until It had full pos
session of him; He was of> the order
: of, men whom ' easy -'^conquests cool.
Now added to the girl's own change of
front wag the overwhelming Induce
ment of the wealth she represented.
His original idea of Mariposa us a
¦handsome misfress that he would take
to France and there uut on the opera
tic stage, of whom he would be the
proud owner, while they toured Eu
rope together, her voice and beauty
charming kings, had been abandoned
since the night of his tilk with*Har
ney. He would marry her, and, with
her completely under his dominion, h™
would turn upon the Shackleton es
tate and make her claim. He sup
posed .her to be in entire ignorance of
her parentage,, and hig first idea had
been to marry her and not lighten thi^
ignorance till she was safely in hi\
power. 'He had a feur of her shrink
ing before the hazards of the enter
prise, but he was confident that, once
his, all scruples, timidity and will
would give way before him.
But her refusal of him had upset
these^calculatlons, and her coldness
and repugnance had been as oil to the
flame of his passion. He was enraged
with himself and with her. He
thought of the night in the cottage
and cursed himself for his precipita
tion, and his gods for the ill luck that,
too late, hail revealed to him her rela
tionship to the dead millionaire. At
first he had thought the offer of mar
riage would obliterate all unpleasant
memories. But her manner th-it day
in the park had frightened him. It
was not the haughty mmner, adopted
to conceal hidden fires, of the woman
who still loves. There had been a
chill poise about her that suggested
complete withdrawal from his influ
ence.
• Since then he had cogitated much.
He foresaw that it was going to be very
difficult to see and have speech of
her. An occasional walk up Third
street to Sutter with Mrs. Willer3 kept
him informed of her movements and
doings. Had he guessed that Mrs.
Willers, with her rouge higher up on
one cheek than the other, the black
curls of her bang oprawlingly pressed
against her brow by a spotted veil.
was quite conversant with his preten
sions and their non-suocess. he would
have been more guarded in his exhi
bition pf Interest. As it was Mrs.
Willers wrote to Mariposa after one of
these walks In which Essex's ques
tions had been carelessly numerous
and frank, and told her that he was
still "camped on her trail, and for
goodness' sake not to weaken." Mari
posa tore up the letter v.ith an angry
ejaculation.
"Not to weaken!" she said to her
self. If she had only dared to tell
Mrs. Willers the whole instead of half
the truth! "
The difficulty of seeing Mariposa
was further intensified by the fullness
of his own days. He had little time
to spare. The new proprietor worked
his people for all there was in them
and paid them well. Several times on
the regular weekly holiday the supe
rior men on The Trumpet were given,
he loitered along streets where she
had been wont to pass. But he never
saw her. The chance that had fa
vored him- that once In the^iark was
not repeated. * Mrs"- Willers said she
was very busy. Essex began to won
der if she suspected him of lying In
wait for her and was taking her walks
along unfrequented byways.
Finally, after Christmas had passed
and he had still not caught a glimpse
of her, he determined to see her in the
only way that seemed possible. He
had inherited certain traditions of
good breeding from his mother, and it
offended this streak of delicacy and
decency that was still faintly discerni
ble In his character to intrude upon a
lady who had so obviously shown a
distaste for his society. But there wa's
nothing else for it. Interests that
were vital were at stake. Moreover,
his desire, for love's sake, to see her
again was overmastering. Her face
came between him and his work.
There were nights when he stood op
posite the Garcia house "watching for
her shadow on the blind.
He timed his visit at an hour when,
according to the information ex
tracted from Mrs. Willers, Mariposa's
last pupil for the day should have left.
He loitered about at the corner of the
street and saw ,the pupil — one of the
grown-up ones in a sealskin sack and
a black Gainsborough hat — open the
gate and sweep majestically down the
street. Then he strode from his coi?n
of vantage, stepped lightly up the
stair», and rang 1 ' the bell.
It was after school hours, and B»ni
to opened the door. Essex, in his silk
hat and long, dark overcoat, tall and
distinguished, was bo much more Im
pressive a figure than Win that the lit
tle boy stared at him in overawed sur
prise, and "only found his breath when
the stranger demanded Miss Moreau.
"Yes, she's in." said Benito, back
ing away toward the stair3; "I'll call
her. She has quite a lot of callers
sometimes," he hazarded pleasantly.
The door near by opened a crack,
airid a female voice issued therefrom in
a suppressed tone of irritation.
".'Benito, v.hy don't you thow th*
gentleman into the parlor?"
"He'll go in if he wants," said Be
nito, who evidently had d?cided that
the stranger knew how to take care of
himself; "that's the door."
Essex, who was conscious that the
eye which pertained to the voice was
surveying him intently through' the
crack, did as he was bidden and found
himself in the close, musty parlor. It
was late in the afternoon, and tha
long lace curtains draped over tha
windows obscured the light. He
wanted to see Mariposa plainly and he
looped, the curtains back against the
brass hooks. His heart was beating
hard with expectation. As he. turned
round to look at the door he noticed
that the key was in the lock, and re
solved, with a sense of grim deter-
mination. that if she tried to go when
she saw who it was. he could be be
fore her and turn the key.
Upstairs Benlto had found Mariposa
sitting in front of the fire. She had
been giving lessons most of the day
and was tired. She stretched "herself
like a sleepy cat as he came. in. and
put her hand up to her hair, pushing
In the loosened hairpins.
"It's some one about lessons, I
guess,'" she said, rising and giving a
hasty look in the glass. "At this rate.
Ben, I'll soon be rich."
She was in good spirits at the pros
pects of a new pupil, and. with her
hand on the door-knob, threw Benlto
a farewell smile, which was still on
her lips as she entered.
It remained there for a moment, for
at the first glance she did not recog
nize Essex, who was standing with his
back to the panes of the unveiled win
dows; then he moved toward her and
she saw who It was.
She gave a smothered exclamation
and drew back.
"Mr. Essex!" she said; "why do you
come here?"
He had intended to meet her with
his customary half impudent, half ca
joling suavity, but found that he could
not. The sight of her filled him with
fiery agitation.
"I c;ime because I couldn't kepp
away," he said, advancing with his
hand out.
"No," she said, glancing at the hand
and turning her head aside with an im
patient movement; "there can't be any
pretenses at friendship between us. I
don't want to shake hands with you.
I den't want to see you. What did you
corr.e for?"
"To see you. I had to see you."
His- eyes, fixed on her as she stood
in the light of the window, seemed to
italicize the words of the' sentence.
"There's no use beginning that sub
ject again," she said hurriedly;
"there's no us* talking about those
things."
"What thing's? What are you refer
ring to?"
For a moment she felt the old help
less feeling coming over her. but she
forced it aside and said, looking stead
ily at him:
"The thing3 we talked about In the
park the last time we met."
She saw his dark face flush. He was
too much in earnest now to be able to
assert his supremacy by teasing equiv
ocations.
"Nevertheless, I've come to-day to
repeat those things."
"Don't— don't," she said quickly;
"there's no use. I won't listen to th<»m.
It's not polite to Intrude into a lady's
house and try to talk about subject*
she detests."
"The time has passed for us to be
polite or lmpt/llte." he answered hotly;
"we're not the' man and woman as so
ciety and the world has made them.
We're not speaking to each other
through the veils of conventionality:
we're speaking face to face. We have
hearts and souls and passions. We've
loved each other."
"Never," she said; "never for a mo
ment."
"You have a bad memory," he an
swered slowly; "Is It natural or culti
vated?"
He had the satisfaction of seeing her
color rise. The sight sent a thrill of
hope through him. He moved nearer
to her and said in a voice that vibrated
with feeling:
"Yc-u loved me once.**
"No, never, never. It^was never
that/'
"Then why." he answered, his lips
trying to twist themselves into a. sar
donic smile, while rage possessed him.
"why did you — let us say— encourage
me so that night in the cottage on Pine
street?"
Though her color burned deeper, her
eyes did not drop. He had never seen
her dominating her own girlish im
pulses like this. It seemed to- remove
her thousands of miles fiym the circle
of his power.
"I'll tell you," she answered; "I was
lonely and miserable, and you seemed
the only c ature that I had to care for.
I thought you were fond of me, and I
thought it wM wonderful that any one
as clever as you could really care for
me. That you regarded me as you did
I could no more have imagined than I
could have suspected you of pit-kins my
pocket or murdering me. And that
night in the cottage, when in my lone
liness and distress I seemed to- be
holding cut my arms to you, asking you
to protect and comfort me, you laughed
at me and struck me a blow in the
face. It was the end of my dream. 1
wakened then and saw tbe reality. . But
you — you as you are — as I know you
now— I never loved, I never could have
loved." : ,.-•¦ ¦;.--¦>. .
(Continued Next Sunday.)
5
. ! J.
I ''THE QUEEX OF
; QUELPAKTE."
Vly Archer Butler Hul-
bert.
Mr. Hulbert's novel. "The Queen
of Quelparte." Is a story of Rus-
sian intrigue In the Far K?fsi,
founded upon the alleged will of
Peter the Great, which Is said to
be dominant in Russia's terri-
torial advance. Mr. Hulbert tells
In form of fiction the story o;
the temporary acquisition of Ko-
rea, just before Russia leased
Port Arthur, showing how Rus-
sia, by intrigue and deceit, con-
quered Korea in 1897 in order to
have something to throw over to
Japan to keep her from precipi-
tatins: war over the announce-
ment of the lease of Port Arthur.
Begins Eight After
"To-Morrow ? s Tangle."
Sunday Call, April 10.| DID it deliberately,. and am, not
.If! sorry, but I must pay the price!"
1 That was the reflection of a true
American when, upon his death
bed, he reviewed the tremendous ef
forts for good done by him with all the
vital energies of a short life and" at
Doctor Pepper's
Life Is Written
Modern Commerce
in Expert's Eyes
Story of Susan
1 a inverting One
w ECTURES on Commerce" : r is
(( I the title of a remarkably
I timely and practical book
issued by* the University
. of Chicago. It. comprises a se
ries of sixteen lectures grouped under
the general headings of railways," trade
and industry and banking and insur
ance which were dellvered-Vefore the
students last ., year by experts thor
oughly conversant with the subjects of
their discourses. Each lecture deals In
an able; manner with a special branch
of commercial activity and the univer^
sity i is i well advised In ; issuing them in
a ¦ finely printed . vofume . like the pres
ent'one. , .'¦'•'.¦'¦.
The opening lecture, devoted to a dis
cussion of "Higher Commercial Edu
cation,", contains . an •¦ able defense of
commercial \: schools - from ;,the severe
criticisms of the" conservative advocates
of the Void classical method of •scholas
tics.^ ' Professor; J. Laurence Laughlln,
the author. of the. address," deplores the
fact that at present the" great univer
sities of* America, which have been .en
dowed with 1 greater -riches . than - those
of r any; other country, fall lamentably
In Influencing the country's commercial
development, and, apart from the medi
cal, legal ¦ and (theological departments,
axe practically confined to the prepara-
of Russian letters. This because
one Is either an ardent admirer and
consequent -blind disciple of the great
novelist or he Is his enemy and a bit
ter scoffer. Tolstoy's tremendous per
sonallty, bis dogmatic Iteration of the
scheme of philosophy which he has
evolved and the stern, almost fanatical
manner In which he puts this philoso
phy Into practice leave no middle
ground of dispassionate review for ona
who must be familiar enough with his
subject. to write of the man and his
works. This self-ordained anchorite,
who has seen all, known all thit there
Is In life and who has retired to tha
fastness of Yasnaya Polyana, there to
become the high priest and chief
worshiper of a religion of his own
evolving, Is either a great man or a
great fool; It Is not for this generation
to decide with authority. To Professor
Edward A. Steiner, whose book "Tol
stoy the Man" has just appeared, ho
Is. a great man.
The author, who holds the chair of
applied Christianity in Iowa College,
had once, while a student in Germany,
made a pilgrimage. on foot across Rus
sia t6 see the man who wrote "War and
Peace." When' he came away he was
sure that Tolstoy was a great man.
With this 'conviction all unchanged by
the lapse of years Professor Steiner re
turned ; to,. the shrine of his worship
i^ast year to be, more assured that Tol
stoy was the one prophet besides whom
there were no others. Such he found
him still to be and of him as such does
he write in his book. "For," says he,
"Tolstoy belongs to the few among the
PERHAPS nobody can writ* a
* thoroughly Impartial and coldly
critical Ufa of Leo Tolstoy, dean
Tolstoy Shown
inBas'Rellef
TALES OF MYSTERY, Edgar Allan
Poe; Howard Wilford Bell, publisher of
The Unit Books, New York; price In
cloth 61 cents, in leather, with illus
trations, 71 cents.. ,"'t
PRUE AND I. George William Cur
tis; Howard Wilford Bell, New York;
price In cloth 37 cents.
•; HOOT OF THE OWL, H. H. Bear:
A. M. Robertson, San Francisco; prlca
$1 60.
MEDICAL UNION NUMBER SIX,
William Harvey King; Tha Monograph
Press, New York: price 60 cents.
;THE LIFE OF WILLIAM PEPPER,
Francis Newton Thorpe: J. B. Llppin
cctt Company, Philadelphia; Illus
trated; price $3 50.
THE PHILIPPINES AND THE FAR
EAST, Homer C. Stuntz; Jennings St,
Pye. Cincinnati, Ohio; illustrated; price
THE JEWISH ENCYCLOPEDIA.
Volume VI; published by' Funk & Wag
nails Company, New York: not sold
singly.
THEODORE ROOSEVELT. THB
CITIZEN, Jacob A. Rlls; The Outlook
! Company, sNew York; Illustrated; prica
%2 00.
MANUAL OF PARLIAMENTARY
TERMS, Mrs. Lillian M. Holllster. 301
Klrby avenue. Detroit MicbJ
ARABY. Baroness Ton Huttanj
Smart Sat Publishing Company, Nr*
York; Illustrated: price it
MERELY MARY ANN, Israel Zan**
will; Tha Macxnillan Company, Naw
York; bound In paper, with illustra
tions from tha play; price 60 cants.
THE DUKE OF CAMERON AVB*
NUE, Henry K. Webster; The Macmll
lan Company, New York; Illustrated:
price SO cents.
I I! IN WHICH A WOMAN TELLS
THE TRUTH ABOUT HERSELF,
anonymous; D. Appleton A Co., New
York.
WewBooks Received
."It is all very, well lo prate of con
tentment and pleasure," wrote Dr.
Pepper, "I ' am debauched by affairs
and know no peace of' mind except in
the midst of full activity." This could
not be . forever. ¦¦; The .biographer pic
tures with a deal of pathos how Dr.
Pepper would continue writing sixty
odd letters a day, _ giving .; lectures,
healing the. sick, working ever for the
good of some one.^when in his five or
six sleeping hours he would be racked
by the pains -which were to be with
him in the death throes. At last, over
in the hacienda of Mrs. Hearst : at
Pleasanton the life left this -tireless
worker. v v^
Iu'hls lengthy .workvtipon the life
of this representative American the
author has shown every endeavor to
chronicle all of the manifold actlvjr
ties of the subject of his biography,
leaving no stone unturned in his ef
fort to picture the true man. He needs
no art save that of simple narrative
to make his "Life of William Pepper,
M. D., LL. D.," a work pregnant of
exalted suggestion.
(J. B. Lipplncott Company, Phila
delphia; illustrated; ) price, $3 60.)
lectual standard .fur the people, Dr.
Pepper threw himself into education
al reforms and a . move for . the puri
fication of the city's, water supply.
Then, as the culminating. impulse of
his restless desire? for the good of
others he devoted his supreme ener
gies in the interests of the National
University at .Washington. , .
.Susan, the heroine about whom 'the
chill pall of religious . fanaticism is
thrown, is one who must. leap into the
heart of the reader at the first from
the filmy cloud of her own ingenuous
ness.. She Is childish, pretty, light
hearted — such* a picture of girlhood In
the romance days of. the young Victo
ria has -Miss Edgeworth drawn. From
her sweet.care-free village life Susan Is
suddenly plunged under the dank cloud
of religious bigotry; she becomes per
suaded that infant damnation lost her
her soul It the very beginning and that
there is nothing left for her but sack
cloth and ashes of contrition. The en
suing spiritual groveling and wild
abandon of this sweet girl Is pictured
with terrible earnestness until at last
the reader is so sympathetic that "he,
in spirit, is endeavoring to ease the
load, from the young shoulders. So
deep a \ gloom permeates the body of
the story that Mrs. Dudenejrv cannot
conscientiously allow the personages
"to live happily ever afterward," and
the close of the tale, therefore, wit
nesses Susan and her lover at least in a
more comfortable frame of mind.
-Aside. from the plot, Mrs. Dudeney'a
last story has a characteristic charm of
atmosphere. The little English village
of tha '40's, with its quiet pastoral
beauty of hawthorn hedge and green
downs, the quaint • folk who are of it
afl^, the fascinating archaic spirit
which permeates the place and the peo
ple, all make a background of soft col
ors which -serves to soften the grim
grays and blacks of the plot
(Dodd. Mead & <j&, New York; Illus
trated; price 51 60.)
approval of some whose skins
tender. '
legend, "Howard Wilford Bell —
The Unit Books," has aroused the
curiosity of bibliolaters. First there
came "The Marble Faun," then "Let
ters and Addresses of " Abraham
Lincoln," to be followed by the
recently published "Tales of Mys
tery" of Edgar Allan Poe and George
William Curtis' "Prue and I."" The
volumes are printed In broad-faced
type upon a soft, white paper, bound
in paper, cloth and leather — very
handy, very attractive and very cheap.
The unit system upon which they are
sold is what will interest book buyers,
for it is unique. Says the publisher:
"Our books are sold at prices based
on the length of the book and there
fore on the actual cost of production.
However long the original text, we
publish It in Its entirety on a uniform
quality of paper and in the same size
of type. We begin /with our unit of
twenty-five pages. The price of each
set of twenty-five pages is 1 cent. The
price of 100 pages is 4 cents and each
additional twenty-five pages adds 1
cent to the price. Thus, 250 pages cost
10 cents and 400 pages cost 16 cents.
A paper wrapper is given with the
printed pages. The cloth cover costs
30 cents additional. The full leather
binding costs 50 cents additional. The
price of a single volume is regulated
by the number of units it contains and
by the binding you choose." •
Thus one may buy his classics as ha
would his plain smoked or sugar cured
hams. The publisher assures us that
these additions are not piracies, but
since that is a matter solely for the
publisher's conscience, the reader need
not worry himself over it The books
carry an added merit In that tha text
Is liberally supplemented by Intelli
gent bibliographical notes and expla
nations of all allusions.
Especial praise is due the "de luxe"
edition— If such may be styled the
leather bound copy— of Poe's "Tales of
Mystery and Imagination." Besides a
fitting Beardsleyesque cover design In
gold, Alice B. Woodward has supplied
some wonderfully telling illustrations
In black and white.
recent -appearance upon tha
I book stalls of classics from
1 American literature bearing upon
J their high green cloth covers tha
Good Material
in Small Volume
PERILS are set about the path of
the novelist who would build a
Btory about the intricacies of a
religious doctrine or the clash of
creeds. It must be a very narrow path
between prejudice and favoritism^ that
he treads, and the danger of offending
almost outweighs the chances of pleas-
Ing. Mrs. Henry "Dudeney, whose pre
.vlous stories have *given her. well-mer
ited strength for the task, has essayed
this Blondln-like " feat with a success*
that is not altogether unqualified in
her latest book," "The Story of Susan."
. The burden of Mrs., Dudeney'a story
is the blighting effect 'upon the human
soul which she believes stralght-laced
Methodism to 'exert" How harrowing
to r^ce of mind are the realous, al
most fanatical efforts of some religion
ists to . disassociate ' soul and \ body '• and
to : indulge . in ,' constant ' and ' unnatural
self-sacrifice! She would show ' that
morbid Introspection and ruthless vivi
section ' of .one's conscience ; under . tha
spur of misconceived duty; toward [God
is nothing less than a' self -inflicted tor
ture, productive of i no ; good. ] Hers > is
a revolt against the modern interpreta
tion, strong ? indeed among some sects,
of j the ancient Hebraic tenet [of a stern
and avenging -Almighty. -.Powerful •" a
theme "though this may be, and mani
fest as the author's desire to handle
it : delicately Is, she has not been able
to evade altogether the danger zone of
bias. '"A- story, v otherwise beautiful,
must," of a consequence, suffer the dis*
book seated as Assistant Secretary of
the Navy Riis has an opportunity to
deal with the oft-raised criticism that
Roosevelt was with the Jingoes who
urged war with Spain for. war's sake.
"The war was a moral issue with
him," writes Kiis, "as^indeed it was
with all of us who understood. It was
with such facts as these (stories of re
concentrados' sufferings)— and there
was no lack of them— in mind and
heart that he responded hotly to Sen
ator Hanna pleading for peace for the
sake of the country's commerce and
prosperity, that much as he appre
ciated those blessings, the honor of the
country was of more account than tern- j
porary business prosperity. It has
slipped my mind what was the partic
ular occasion — some club gathering —
but I have not forgotten the profound
impression the Naval Secretary's words
made as he insisted that our country
could better afford to lose a thousand of
the bankers thathaVe added to its wealth
than one Farragut;-that it were better
for it never to have had all the rail
road magnates that have built it up,
great as is their deserving, than to
have lost Grant and Sherman; better
that it had never known commercial
greatness than that it should miss
from its history one Lincoln. .Unless
the moral overbalance the material, we
are indeed riding for a fall in all our>
pride."
Riis adds nothing to the account 'of
Roosevelt's part in the hostilities In
Cuba that has not already been writ-^
ten. It Is with him in the Governors*
chair of New York that the author finds
the place to define Roosevelt's theories
concerning the party and the machine.
"I am a loyal party man, but I believe
very firmly that I can best render aid
to my party by doing all that in me^
lies to .make that party responsive to
the needs of the State, responsive to
the needs of the people." With these
words Roosevelt himself has defined his
allegiance to the organization he rep
resents. Rlis shows that the Governor
of New York had associated himself
with the party machine Just so far as
by it he might be enabled to effect good
ends. But "he had built up no machine
of his own. He had used that which
he found to the uttermost of its bent
and of his ability— not always with the
good will of the managers, but he had
used it for the things he had in mind,
telling the bosses that for all other
legitimate purposes, for organization,
for power, they might have It; he
should not hinder them."
Roosevelt's policy In the .White
House, his handling of the many mo
mentous questions which have come up
to him for solution, is beyond the scope
of Riis* work; that is material for edi
torial and historical review rather than
tor a work upon the man himself. Sat
isfying himself with the analysis of
Roosevelt's characteristics of thought
and action as shown in his incumbency
in other offices! Rlis does not permit
his book to assume the character of
campaign material by commenting on
Presidential policies.
The great store of anecdote'concern
ing Roosevelt's home life and his at
tributes as head of a family, sportsman
and writer, which, perforce, ' have been
omitted from this review on account
of the political significance of the book,
all serve to show the many-sidedness
of the man and are indicative of;
his remarkable personality. To Roose
velt/as a friend Riis offers this whole
hearted testimony:
"I think I neys-f knew a man who so
utterly trusts a friend, once he has
taken him to his heart That he does
not do easily or offhand; but once he
has done it there is no reservation or
secret drawback to his friendship. It
is a splendid testimony to x the real
worth of human nature that his trust,
has rarely indeed been betrayed. Once
his friend, you are his friend forever.
To the infallible test he rings true;
those who love him best are those who
know him best The men who hate
him are the scalawags and the self
seekers, and they only distrust him
who do not know him. He never lost
a friend once made."
(The Outlook Publishing Company,
New York. Illustrated. Price *2.)
the cost of that life itself. That man
was Dr. William Pepper, provost and
recreator of the University of Pennsyl
vania, founder of the University Hos
pital, the Commercial Museums _., and
Free Library of Philadelphia, munici
pal reformer, public benefactor, scien
tific'author and skilled phyjrfcian. Such
a sublimely unselfish avowpl from such
a man, unselfish even in Uhe • face of
self-courted_ death, should be inscribed
i. .on the flyleaf of his biography,
written by Francis Newton Thorpe.
For this keynote of Dr. Pepper's life is
the keynote of this book on his j life';
unselfishness In remarkable endeavor
for the good of others.
The biographer has a strong call for
the "writing of a life such as was that
of William Pepper. Representative, of
all that Is best in the American—cul
ture, exalted ideals and a lofty pur
pose, an examplar of the restless and
all absorbing spirit of doing, a reflec
tion of the strong -and compelling de
sire for the intellectual uplifting of the
peuple's spiritual^ conscience, William
Pepper's life presents an ideal for the
exaltation of every man's conception
of life and a life's work. Despite the
manifold interests which crowded
themselves upon the consideration of
Pennsylvania's provost r.nd despite 4he
many divergent' channels into which
his activities were turned, the man.
whom Thorpe pictures appears singular
ly to be the manifestation of just that
one element, unselfishness. All of his
attributes, faithfully chronicled by his
biographer, contributed to that domi- '
nant characteristic of his personality.
Dr. Pepper lald^the groundwork for
the intense energies of after, years in'
the university overWhich he was des
tined to t>e made the executive. Grad
uating-from Pennsylvania in 1862 and
receiving his M. D. from the medical
department of the same institution in
'64, he became almost Immediately a
part- of the medical faculty. . At once^
he began the long series of endeavors
in behalf of the University of Penn
sylvania, which succeeded in revivi
fying the somewhat dispirited and age
worn institution. Though barely, 27
years vpf age when in 1870 there began
to be agitated a hospital to be under
the direction of the university, Pepper
threw himself into the stubborn con
test with wonderful zeal, assailing the
Legislature of the State and approach
ing private Individuals In his effort to
bring about the .desired ' Innovation.
The hospital was built
The extension of the university to
the outside world next dehianded Pep-'
per's .attention. Lecturers such as "are
now supported by all of the largest
universities were provided to mark the
-Innovation of the university extension
system. Then followed his efficient
service as medical director of the Cen
tennial Exhibition in 1875. In 1880 ha
was chosen provost of the university,
a place held' by him until the exi
gencies of declining health forced him
to surrender It in later years. The
story of the multitudinous reforms,-in
novations and improvements made by
the provost during his long term of
office is the story . of , Pennsylvania's
elevation into the rank of one of the
"Big Four" among • Eastern universi
ties. The biographer shows:
For the city of Philadelphia Dr.
Pepper's efforts were* equally, tireless.
In 1891 he inaugurated a movement
looking toward the establishment of
a. free public library. . Bu£j to bring
about a successful fruition of his
plans Dr. Pepper had to meet Coun
cilmen and ward politicians upon their
own ground, solicit" favorable action
from the Legislature and work inde
fatlgably to arouse the support of , the
• people for the measure. * This ' accom-'
plished, he turned" his attentions to
ward, the establishment of the com
mercial museums '.and* the. Free' Mu
seum of Science and Art Before these
¦institutions became accomplished facts
' their patron* had . raised above $10,'
000,000, of which half ' a million was
from his own purse,. and secured from
the V municipality ¦ nearly a* 'hundred
acres of land near the heart V of; Phil
adelphia. Besides these material evi
dences of striving :' f or ¦ a ¦ higher \ Intel-
"You are certainly to be congratu
lated." wrote President Cleveland,
"upon the extent and permanency of
civil service reform methods which you
have so substantially aided in bringing
about. The struggle for its firm estab
lishment and recognition Is past Its
faithful application and reasonable ex
pansion remain, subjects of deep inter
est to all who really desire the best at
tainable public service."
' Of Roosevelt's fight against police
corruption while President of the Po
lice Commissioners of New York Riis
has already written in his "Making of
an American." With the subject of bis
It was in his labors as Civil . Service
Commissioner that Riis finds Roosevelt
exhibiting the qualities which won for
htm the name of being a fearless fighter
for clean service in public office.
"With characteristic directness," says
RUs, "he was laying down the way of
life to the boys and girls in his class
•when an untoward event happened.
One of his boys came to school with
a black eye. He owned up that ha had
got It in a fight and on Sunday. His
teacher made Btern inquiry. 'Jim*
somebody, it appeared, who sat ba
eide his sister, had been pinching her
ail through the hour, ana when thty
came out ther had a stand-up fight
and be punched him good, bearing
away the black eye as his share. The
verdict was prompt.
"'You did perfectly right,* said his
teacher, and he gave him a dollar."
Roosevelt's first tilt at politics was as
an Assemblyman in the Legislature of
New York, where, though a graduate
from college of barely a year, the young
exponent of "the- ten commandments
in politics" stood out for eight days
alone In determined attack upon the
Attorney General of the State and a
Judge of the Supreme Court for corrup
tion, until he finally swung the oppo
sition over his way. His fearless can
dor in attack In this instance Is called
by Riis the deciding act in his career.
This made him politically, notwith
standing the disgruntled politicians,
who were not used to doing things that
nay, and from Speaker of the Assem
bly at 24 he became Non-Partisan can
didate for Mayor of New York. He was
defeated, as everybody knows, but, as
Riis says, "he had contributed some
thing: to that campaign that had life
in it." "¦'SSaE&Ss
This. then, is the seai of "Theodore
Roosevelt the -Citizen" — to show the
man from his every side, his qualities
which make him a good father, a good
friend, a good citizen and from these,
a rood President. Riis shows how it
is that the President who boldly op
posed the trusts in the anthracite coal
strike of the winter of 1902 acted bo
because Roosevelt, the Police Commis
sioner of New York, had scattered the
boodlers* ring in Mulberry street in
18S5. He reveals the natal forces of
the man, the Innate depth of character
and strength of will which impels him
to act, whether as Civil Service Com
misslnner, colonel of Rough RiderB or
President of the United States. 1 He
analyzes Roosevelt's methods of
thought and action so that behind the
oft criticized "impulsiveness" of the
President one is allowed to see the
swift, sure grasp of intellect which
weighs carefully yet expeditiously
every question before action is deter
mined upon. As Riis truthfully says,
he has only to show Roosevelt the man
and Roosevelt the President will be
disclosed. \
Roosevelt's boyhood days present no
more interesting material to the author
than do those of any other men for
thtlr biographers. There has been a
goodly store of anecdote about,Roose
velt's college days at Harvard, but Riis
adds to it with the following story of
how the young scholar, who had be
come a teacher in an Episcopal Sun
day school, rewarded bravery to tha
detriment of his position as an expon
ent of holy peace:
"There remains to 'me to sr>eak of
him as the friend, the man. And this
is what I shall do, the more cladly
because so may it be my privilege to
introduce him to some who know him
only as the public man. the President,
the "partisan perhaps— and a very en
ergetic partisan he is— and so really do
not know him at all, in the sense which
I have in mind. The public man I will
follow because he is square, and will
do the square thing always, not mere
ly want to do it. With the partisan I
will sometimes disagree, at least I
¦ought to, for I was before a Democrat
and would be one now if the party
would get some sense and bar Tam
many out in the cold for its mon
strous wickedness. Of the President
I am proud with reason, but the friend
1 love. And if I can make you see him
bo, as a friend and a man. I have given
you the master-key to him as a states
man as well. You will never need to
ask any questions."
•"Why have I written it?" asks Ril*.
••Just to boom Roosevelt for the Presi
dency in the election that comes soon?
Nu, not that. It matters less that
Theodore Roosevelt is President, but it
matters a good deal that the things
prevail which he represents in the na
tion's life. It never mattered more
than at this present day of ours— right
¦ ACOB A. RIIS has written a
j book about an Ideal American
I citizen, that citizen being none
I other than the highest citizen in
§ the United States — Theodore
Roosevelt, the President It is
frankly a book of adulation, for it is
from Jacob Rlis, than whom President
Roosevelt has no more stanch friend
and true admirer. It Is equally as
frankly largely a personal record, for
Jacob Riis has had probably a closer
intimacy and a nearer affiliation with
President Roosevelt than any other
Irian in public life. It is above all else
a ketn, clear cut study of the wonder
fully versatile, tremendously forceful
m&n who now directs the state. Adu
lation there is in •'Theodore Roosevelt
the Citizen." because adulation cannot
justly be withheld by any reviewer of
the subject The personal note sound
ed throughout the work does but give
emphasis of authority— the authority
which has seen and which knows. Other
books upon Roosevelt have been writ
ten and will be written, but none will
give the living, breathing picture of
the man that Riis does.
The President •
a True Citizen
great whose glory does not disappear
by contact with them; in fact he is
greatest and noblest at short range.
His speech has none of the hardness
which rings so unpleasantly in his writ
ings, his voice has that tender ton*
which woos and wins one."
The author plans his book not after
a rigli adherence to chronological fact*
in the life of Tolstoy, but with a pur
pose, rather, of tracing the growth and
development of hia subject's Intellect- j?
ual and spiritual life. Tolstoy as the
sensitive, dreaming child, dubbed "Phil
osopher" by his fellows, and himself
knowing not what it was In him that
made him the ugly duckling of tha
family and the school, rapidly become*
the landed proprietor with humanita
rian aspirations, and then the de
bauchee. The author then gives us a
glimpse of Tolstoy, the young soldier,
who had first begun to write and to
whom this philosophy, rudiment of
what was to be. builded on In later
years, had come:* "First, the purifi
cation and development of self through
casting off the prejudices and evil ef
fects of our culture, and secondly, that
where such culture has not penetrated
we find the virtues which society must
make Its own for the sake of Its true
growth and salvation." This, then, tha
author finds to be the first fruits of
Tolstoi's budding genius for philosoph- "
ical creation. From these primal ut
terancss of the philosopher- to-be Stein
er leads the subject of his work oa
from strength to strength, outlining tha
Influences which came to shape tha
mind of the writer and sketching by
analysis of his successive works tha
growth of his scheme for tha solution
of the life problem,
"He walked through Italy Ilka aa
iconoclastic Ffcritan; so full of thoughts
of man's sins and man's sufferings thai
hardly a ray of its matchless beauty
penetrated those sharp, half closed
eyes, shaded by a knitted brow." In
Switzerland an Incident of a, begY&r
musician who received no dola for his
strains of harmony "proved to Tolstoy
that culture has destroyer*. In man his
simple, natural and original feallng to
ward others." His story. "Family Hap
piness." was an attempt to found a
. theory of marriage based upon a spir
itual exaltation. The death of a broth
er caused him to mourn that Ufa la
terrible, art is a lie and truth Is awful.
Thus was the flickering pressure of~^
passing circumstance registered upon
the delicate barometer of Tolstoy'a
mind until Steiner finds him In tha
depths of agnosticism just prior to tha
writing of "Anna Karenina."
That powerful tragedy with Its keen
study of the whole gamut of class, so
cial development and human character,
marks for Steiner the parting of the
ways for Tolstoy, "the Iconoclast and
hedonist. "Not unlike Solomon," writes
Steiner, "having tasted of all that the
world could give him, Tolstoy cries
out: 'Vanity of vanities, all Is vanity.'
'What profit hath a man of all his
labor which he taketh under the sun?* '•
To priests and theologians Tolstoy
turned for a ray of light In his dark
ness, but he- found that their lives be
lled their professions. Then at last ha
found what his heart desired in tha
peasants whom alone he thought to
be reallv conversant with God through
their simple lives. Then came the Tol
stoy of the peasant's frock and bars
feet, the Tolstoy of the new sociological
religion of "the law of Jesus."
In his review of the philosophy of
Tolstoy Steiner takes the view that ths^
Russian novelist has no desire t»
proselyte In favor of the revelation ha
thinks to ba his nor to be a second
John tha Baptist to make straight tha
way of tha Lord. On the other hmd. _
ha Is certain that Tolstoy's scheme of
life was developad only to rallara tha
travail of doubt and despair which
pressed upon him and that It is mora
a personal possession than a fajr-fluaj
dogma. "He was born with a sensi
tive conscience," says Bteinar. "It
constantly judged and accused ntm a&4
nona tha less his surroundings, mak
ing plain to him always tha contrast
between the ideal and tha raal; con
sequently there was a continual strujp
gla going on within him. To quiet his
conscience and brlns: It to that pa—
which la Its trua atxnosphara have bc«a
his endeavor. • • • But his way H
preaching tha ffospal reaches whara
our way docs not reach; his gospel
reaches tha lowest and brings the
greatest love. It la ffospal which can
not be misunderstood; it la as clear as
noonday."
(The Outlook Company, New YofeJ
price, 8160.)
This • is also referred to by A. F.
Dean, in his lecture on "Fire Insur
ance." After noticing the great bene
fits German students and apprentices
pained in the days of old when looking
about their fatherland during; their
wanderjahr, he draws attention to the
fact that "the American student seldom
has a wanderjahr or Journey of Inspec
tion. He ¦ is generally lassoed fresh
from school, bridled, saddled and put
to work under the merciless spur o£
necessity." The lecturer says that a
good commercial school that acquires
the occasional services of lecturers,
practically engaged In commercial oc
cupations, may take the place of tha
wanderjahr and may instruct the stu
dent by means of lectures and a com
plete portrayal of the leading: indus
tries of tha country.
Some noteworthy statements are
made In a lecture on ' "Methods of
Banking" by James H. Eckles, pres
ident of the Commercial National Bank
of. Chicago. According to Eckles, the
loaning of money by banks on real
estata mortgages is a positive source
of danger. Many of the leading Chi
cago banks refuse to undertake this
risk and some modern banks are pro
hibited by their charters from issuing
any loans en real estate. Experience
has shown that the safest and best se
curities are commercial bjlls. Nowa
days, business men of the larger firms
do not borrow direct from a bank, but
from commercial note broken and dis
counters. The result is that they do
not know what bank supplies the
money. They get a check from the
note broker; when the note becomes
due thev are notified by the. Institu
tion then holding it. This system,
which has grown to large proportions
recently, has greatly enlarged the in
fluence of banks and has been highly
beneficial to the banks themselves.
(University of Chicago Press; prlca
$1 50.)
tlon of men and women for the* single
profession of teaching:. One result of
this is that the ablest youths of tha
country do not attend the universities,
but pass straight from school to com
mercial and industrial offices. "^ —
WITH THE BOOKS AND THE BOOKMEN
THE SAN V FRANCISCO SUNDAY : CALL.
6she says, "because I must stop here tin
the Day of Judgment, then I must go to
.'* gays she, beginning to cry, "but \
if you get out you'll bear a message to
Bob"for me, maybe?" she says. , -. - ,
"It's aisy to talk about going out.
but how can It be done?" asked Darby,
"There's a- way." says Maureen, wip- .
Ing her big gray eyes, "but It may take
years. First, you.must know that the '
Good.People can never put their charm
on any one who Is willing to come with
them. That's why you came safe.
Then, again, they can't work harm in
the daylight, and after cock-crow any
mortal eye can see them plain; nor can
they harm any one who has a sprig of
holly, nor pass over a leaf or twig of
holly, because that's Christmas bloom.
Wen,-there's a certain evil word for a
charm,that opens the side of the moan.
tain, and I^wUl try to find It out for
you. Without that word aM the armies
In the worruld couldn't get out or In.
But you must be patient and wise aad
wait.'* -
- "I will so, with the help of God,"
says Darby. *
now. Those wining to come with us
can't come at all, at all; and here you
are of your own free act and wllL How
somever, you're here and we darn't Iel
you go outside to tell others of what
you have seen, and so give us a bad
name about— about taking things, you
know. We'll make you as comfortable
as we can: and so you won't worry
nbcut Bridget and the childher, I'll
hare a goold sovereign left with them
every day of their lives. bA I wish we
had comeither on you," he says, with a
sigh, "for it's aisy to see you're great
company."
That's how Darby O*G1U b«gan his
six months' stay with the Good People.
Net a thing was left undone to make
Darby contented and happy. A dvller
people than the Good People he never
met. At first he couldn't get over say-
Ing. "God save aU here" and "God save
you kindly," and things'llke that, which
was like burning them with a hot Iron.
If it weren't for Maureen McGibney,
Darby would be In Slelve-na-mon at
this hour. On a day wherr they two
were sitting alone together she says to
him:
"Darby, dear." says she, "it Isn't
right for a dacint man of family to be
gpendln* his days covortin* and Idlln*
an* fillln* the hours with gport and non
tense."
"Throe for ye!" moantd Darby, "and
my heart is Just spllttin* for a sight of
Bridget an' the childher."
"I know how weii you feel." gays
Maureen, "for I'd give the world to say
three words to Bob Broderick. since ye
tell me that out of grief for me he has
never kept company with any other
girl till this day. > But that'll never be "
ing pin*. Fullisg whiskers and plnchins
wouldn't take locg to telL In troth,
he was just about to let go his hold
and take the chances of a fall when
the hillside opened and — whisk! the cow
turned into the mountain. Darby
found himsslf flying down a wide, high
passage, which grew lighter as he went
along. He heard the opening behind'
shut like a trap, and his heart almost
stepped beating, for this was tht
fairies' home In the heart of Sleive-na
non. He was captured by them!
When Rosie stopped so stiff were all
Darby's joints that he had great
trouble loosening himself to come down.
He landed among a lot of angry-faced
little people, each no higher than your
hand, every one wearing & green velvet
cloak and a red cap. and In every cap
was stcck a white owl's feather.
"We'll take him to the King." says a
red -whiskered wee chap. "Wat he"!
do to the murtherin* spaip*en'il b* gooJ
and pJentyl"
With that they marched ear bould
Darby, a prisoner, down the long pas
sage, which every second grew wider
and lighter and fuller of little people.
Sometimes. though, he met with hu
man beings IiJce_hrlniself. only the black
charm was on them, they having been
stolen at some time by the Good Peo
ple. He saw lost people there from
every parish In Ireland, both common
ers and gentry. Each was "laujhins,
talking and diverting himself with an
other. Off to the aides he could see
small cobblers making brogues, tinkers
raendinff pans, tailors sewing 1 cloth,
smiths hammering horseshoes, every
one merrily to his trade, making a di
rarslon out of work."
'Down near the center of the moun
tain Tras a room twenty times higher
and broader than the biggest church In
the worruld. As they drew near this
room there arose the sound of a reel
played on bagpipes. The music was *o
bewitching that Darby, who was the
gracefulest reel dancer In all Ireland.
could hardly make his feet behave
themselves.
At the room's ed?e Darby stopped
short and caught his breath, the sight
was so entrancing. Set over the broad
fiocr were thousands and thousands of
the Gocd People, facing this way and
that, dancing to a reel; while on a throne
in the middle of the room sat ould
Brian Connors. King of the Fairies,
blowing on the bagpipes. The little
King, with a goold crown on hia head,
wearing a be'autiful green velvet coat
and r«d knee breeches, sat with his
less crossed, beating time with his foot
to the music.
There were many from Darby's own
parish; and what was his surprise to
see there Maureen McGibney. his own
wife's sister, whom he had supposed
resting dacintly in "her own grave ;n
holy ground these three years.
As I tould you before, I tell you
again. Darby was the finest reel dancer
in all Ireland; and he came from a
family of dancers, though I say it who
shouldn't, as he was my mother's own
cousin. Three things In the worruld
banish sorrow — love, whisky and mu
sic So, when the surprise of it all
melted a little. Darby's feet led him in
to the thick of the throng, right under
the throne of th* King, where he flung
care to the winds and put his heart and
mind into his two nimble feet. Dar
by's dancing was «uch that purty soon
these around sic-* to admire.
It wasn't long tin half the dancers
crowded around admiring, clapping
their hands, and shouting encourage
ment. The ould King grew so excited
that he laid down the pipes, took up
his fiddle, came down frgm the throne,
and standing ferninst Darby, began &
finer chune than the first.
The dancing lasted a whole hour, no
one speaking a word except to cry out,
"Foot it, ye divtl!" "Aisy now, he's
threading on flowers!" "Hooroo! hoo
roo! hooray I" Then the King stopped
and said:
"Well, that bates Banagher. and Ban
agher bates the worruld! Who are you
and how came ycu here?"
Then Darby up and tould the whole
story.
Whea he had finished, the Kiag look*
ed sayrious. 'Tin glad you came, an*
I'm sorry yon came." he says. *Tf we
had put our. charm on you outside to
bring you ia you'd never die tin the Ind
of the werruld. trhen we here most all
go to helL But." be added, quickly,
"there's no use in worrying about that
Ccryrtght by McCI'Jre..PhCllp« & Co.)
O*T. LTHOUGB only cne living man
f l-cf his cwn free will ever went
\3~~T arsons tneni there, still, any well
JL learned * person In Ireland can
teli rot that the abode of the Good
Pecr'.e is ia the holla-ar heart cf the
great rr-cuntain Slelve-sa-mcn. That
came cne man was Darby* O'GUl, a
-cousin ct rdy oilier mother.
"Right a.=<2 left, generation after gen
«r*ticr.. the fairies tad stolen pigs,
ycuag childher, eld women, you^g men,
c»w Bl chzrni=g» jef butter from other
pecple. but had never bcthered any of
¦" cur kith cr kin until, for ecine tnyster
ious rmycoOa they soured on Darby, and
t,ock the ellest cf his three foine pigs.
Th*-next wwk a iecend pig went tne
. «s — * way. The third wtek net a thing
' bad Darty left for the Balinrcbe fair.
Ten TZ.1Y aislr think how sore and
scrry the peer n&a was, an' how
Briig^t,.his wife, an' the childher car
¦rie£ en. The rent was due, and all
*.<ft 51s to sell his cow Rosle to pay it.
Hcsie was the apple of his eye; he ad
n*red acd respected the pigs, but he
•Irrred He si*.
•" --Worst luck of all was yet to ccine.
On tts iroTTiing when Darty went for
'th'e eer» to bring her to. market, bad
'pcrars to the hoof there; but in
her place enly a wisp cf dirty straw to
' mock him. Millie murther! What a
homjin' and creechin* and cursin' did
DocrttjE bxiss back to the house!
¦'Fairy cr no fairy, ghost or goblin.
i-Bria" at dead, who took Roeie'll rae the
day," he sars.
VTiiht these -wiM vords he boulted in
the direction cf S'eive-rra-rnon.
AH <iay long he climbed like an ant
' r%r th* hill, locking for hole or cave
through t*h:ch he ccu'i get at the pris
or. -c* Ro5i*. At times he struck the
r y ks. with his blackthorn, cryin' out
challenge.
>fo on«? made 'ans-srer — e.t least, not
Jest then. But at night, as he turned.
trsxgry and foptadrt. totrard home, who
Bhoc!d he rne«t ud uith on the crcss
roads but the culd fairy doctor. Shee
lah Maguire; well knoTn was she as
¦a spy fcr the Gocd Pecple. She speke
up:
Oh. th«x you're the foolish, blun
dcha-head^d rr.an to be saying what
you'ic ssl-i and doing what you've done
this Hdaj-. Darby O'GUl." says he.
• 'What do I carer* says he fiercely.
'¦I d fight the devil for iny beautiful
C04V."
"TH*n gr> into Mrs. Hasan's meadow
Abeyant," say? Sheelah. "and wait till
the rr:oon is up. By an' by ye'U see a
; herd of cows ccrse down from the
. mcun^a-in and yer own'll b« . among
.thern."
'• '""^'hat III do then?" asked Darby, his
voice tremb&Bf with excitement.
-i'Scrra a hair I care what ye do! But
. there'll be laia there, ani hundreds you
-¦ T^cr't see. that'll stand no ill words,
•Dtrijy O'Glil."
"'Ore c.u*sticn cere, ma'am," says
- Darby, as Sheelah was moving away.
"Hew late in the night wta they stay
_ without?"
Sheelah caught him by tas cc^ar and
• pulling his head clcse whispered:
"When the cock crows the Good Peo
ple irust b* safe at home. After cock
crcw they have so power to help or to
hurt, and every mortal eye can see
them pla!n."
It vu dark right when Darby
stretched hiirself ca the ground in Ha
can's meadew; the yellow rim cf the
rsocn *ust tipped the dgz cf the hills.
To creep quiet as a cat through the
hedge arid raich the first cow was only
a colrute s work. Then his plaa to wait
till cock-crow, with all other sober, sen
clblc thoughts, rjr«st ciane out of the
lad's head before his rage; for cropping
eagerly the leng, sweet grass, the first
baste he met was Rosie.
With a !«ar> Darby was behind her.
fcis stick falling sharply on her flanks.
The • ir^ratichude cf that cow almost
fercke Darfcr's heart. Ro*ie turned
fiercely en him with a vicious lunge,
h*s two hcrrs aimed at his breast-
There was co suppler boy In the parish
than "Darby, and -well for him it was
go. for the mad rush the cow gave
would have caucht ar.y man the laste
•trlf.e heavy en his Iegf. and ended his
days right there. #
As it was, out hayro sprang to one
side." As Flssie passed his left hand
•ajlpped her taiL When one of the
O'GilLs takes hold of a thing he hangs
on like a bull -terrier.
Notsr began a rac*, the like of which
was never h^ard of before or since. Ten
Jumps to the second and a hundrtd
•feet to the Jusip. Rcsie's tail standing
siraig-ht \rp in the air. firm as an Iron
bar, and Derby floating straight out
bthind: a thousand furious fairies
flyi^B a Bhort distance after, filling the
<&ir with wild commands and threatea-
Isgs. •
Sudderly the eky opened for a crash
"cf_ Ii?htrlr? that shivered the hills,
«r:d a roar c* thunder that turned out
cf their beds every man, woman and
-.child in four counties. Flash after
"Hash ca=e the ligataiag. bittics ca
every tide cf the hayro. If it wasn't
for fear cf hurting Rosie the fairies
would- certainly have killed Darby.
As the ccw turned Into the long, nar-
Tp«r valley which cuts Into the east
side cf the moaataia the Good Peop'e
¦cacgfct cp with the pair, and what taey
didn't do to Darby ia the lice of stick -
Fcr an hour they ra-jei. All 12m bad
canes ever caZUd to aortal can ¦*•:¦•
Clven free, bu: Darby «aid never a
wcrtL "Pickpocket!" "Sieep-stayler:""
"ilurtfceris' tfcaie of a blasgarci;" war*
the softest worda trua a.t him.
By an' by, how3umever. as tt bes*a3
to grow near to cocls-crow. their tall<
grew a. great dais clvtler. Th«n cam*
begsla*. pladir/, pmiptiif'. and entlira:
i=", bat t&e doers of tlid hocs« still
•tayed ah\ii an.* its wirdowa down.
Purty soon Darby's old rocster Terry
cane down from his p«rcb. yawned, an'
Capped bis wings a few times. At Uia;
the terror and tfc-i screeeliin.' of th«
Good Peo-'» w 'd have melted th«
All cf a sudden a fine, clear voice rose
froa beyant the crowd. The Kins tad
coma. The other fairies grew gUU
liatening.
bean cf a stone.
-*"Ye naurthertn* t&afs cf the werruid."
says tie Kln^. grandly, -"wtat ax* ye
doin' wid nay people V
"Keep a civil jongue la yer h,ead,
Brian Connors," jay» Darby, stick!::*'
his head out iha window, "fsr I'ra a*
good a man as you, any day," says
Darby.
At that xainuta Terry, the cock,
napped his wings and crowed. In a
Cash- there sprang into foil view tha
crowd of Good People— dukes, earls.
pricces, QTiality and corr.TT.osera. wltii
their ladies— Jammed thick toseta&r
about the house, every one of them
with his head trun back bawling *M
crying, and tears as bis as pigeon egxs
rouiing down their cheeks.
A few feet away, en a straw pile, la
the bamyarcV steed the King, hia coold
crown tilted 03 the side of his head,
his long, green cloak about w.*n and
his rod in his hand, but threzabUn' all
over.
In the middle of the crowd, but tow
ering high above them all. stood Mau
reen McGibney ia her cloak of sreea
an' goold, her purty brown hair fallia*
down her chowlders an' ahe — tha crafty
villain — cryin' an' bawlin' an" "fr^itV
Darby with the best of them.
"WhafU you cave an.' let them K»T"
says the Kins.
"First an' foremost," says Darby,
"take yer ipell cC that all? cf a ftrt
there, an* aead her Into the house."
In a second Maureen was standing
Inside the door, her both arms about
Bob's neck, and her head en his collar
bone.
What they said to alch other. . an*
what they done la the way cf tna
brada* aad kisaia* aa* cryia* I woat
take time in telling you.
"Next." says Darby, "send back Rosle
and the pigs."
"I expected that," says the Kins.
And at those words they saw a black
bunch coming through the air. aad In
a few seconds Rosle aad the three clga
walked Into the stable.
"Now." says Darby, "promise in the
name of Ould Nick" ('tis by him the
Good People swear), "never to moil ncr
meddle agin with any one or anything
from this pari3h."
The King wa3 fair put ont by tv«
Howsomever. he said at last: "You on
grateful scoundrel. In the name of
Ould Nick I promise."
"So far. so good." says Darby; "but
the worst Is yet to come. Now you
must raylase from tout spell every
eowl you've stole from this pariah: aad
besides you must send me two atxa
dhred pounds In goold."
Well, the KIr.g gave a roar of anger
that was heard In the next barony.
Te high-handed, hard-hearted rob
ber," he says, "Til never consent!" aays
he.
"Piase yeself.** sayi Darby. "1 see
Father Cassidy ccnoln* down the hedge"
he says, "an* he has a prayer far y»
an In his book that'll bum y« up idea
wisps of sthraw if ha ever catches y»
here." says Darby.
With that th« roaring asd biwliag
was pitiful to hear, aad la a few m!n
utes a bag wtth two hundred goold
sovereigns In It was trua at Darby's
threshold: and fifty people, young an'
some of them ould. flew over an* stood
beside the King. Some of them had
spent years with the fairies. Their rel
atives thought them dead and buried.
They were the lost ones from that par>
Ish.
With that Darby pcHed the bit of
twine again, opening the trap, and It
wasn't long until every fairy was goce.
The green coat of the last one waa
hardly out of sight when, sure enough.
who should come up but Father Caa
sidy, his bock in his hand. He looksd
at the fifty people who had been with
the fairies stand !a* there — the poor era
thures tremblin* an' wondheria* an*
afeared to go to their homes.
Darby tould bins what had happened.
"Ye foolish man," says th» priest.
"you could have got out every poor
prisoner that's locked ta Sleiv»-si
nca, let alone tics* from the pariah.**
One could have scraped -with, a knifs
the surprise off Darby's facet.
"Would your Reverence have ass- let
out the Corksnlans. the Cbnnaugst an
and the Fardowns. I ask ye?" he says.
hotly. "When Mrs. Malowney there
goes home and finds that Tim has mar
ried the Widow Hogan. yell gay I let
out too many, even of this parSsa. I*ca
thinktn*."
"But." says the priest. "y» inljat
have got two hundred pouads- for alcla
cf us."
"If aica had two husdred pounds,
what comfort would I have in being
rich?** axed Darby acts. "To enjoy
well being rich there should be plenty
of poor," says Darbr.
"God forgive ye. yt» aalssh zaaa*"
taya Father Casaldy.
"There's another raysoa besides."
says Darby. **I -nerer got betther nor
friendlier, tratement than I *»<*; from
the Good People. Ac* the devil a hair
of their heads I'd hart znore th&a need
be." he says.
Some way or other th^ King heard of
this saying, an' was so mightily pleased
that the next ni^ht a Just of the finest
poteen was Ie't at Darby's door.
After that, indad?. many's tha winter
night, when. the snow lay so heavy that
no neighbor was stirria*. and wh^a
Bridget and the childher were In bed.
Darby sat by the fire, a noggin of hot
punch, ta'his hand, argyln^ an' getting
news cf the whole wort-old. A little
man with a goold crown on nis head.
a green ?!"*> oa his back aad oae foot
trua over the other, sat fnrnfaat him
by thetearti. *
At these words Maureen ¦ gave a t»r
rible ccreech. \
"Cruel man I" «h» cried, "don't yoa
know that to say pious ward* to one of
the Good People, or to one nndher their
black charm, is like cutting him with a
knife?"
The next night she case to Darby
again.
-Watch yourself now," aha says, "for
to-night they're goin' to lave the door
of the mountain open to thry you; and
if you stir two steps outside they'll put
the comeither on you," she says.
Sure enough, when Darby took his
¦walk down the passage after supper, a-»
he did every rJgct, there the side of
the mountain lay wide open and no cue
in sight. The temptation to make one
rush was great; but he only looked out
a minute and went whustling down tht.
passage, knowing well that a hundred
hidden eyes were on him the while.
For a dozen niffhts after it was tha
same.
At another time Maureen said:
"The King himself Li going to thry
you hard the day. so beware'." She had
no sooner said the words than Darby
was called for and went up to the Kin£.
"Darby, my sow!." says the King, in
a gootherin* way, "have this noggin of
punch. A betther never was brewed;
it's the last we'll have for many a day.
I'm going to set you free. Darby O'GUl.
that's what I am."
"Why, King." says Darby, putting o*i
a mournful face, "how have I offended
y«r*
"No offeas<» at all." says the Kin?,
"only we're depriving you." *
"No depravity in life!" says Darby.
"I have lashins and laving* to eat and
to drink and nothing but fun an* di
varsion all day long. Out in tha
worruld it was nothing but work and
trouble and sickness, disappointment
and care."
"But Bridget and the chiidher?" says
the King, giving him a sharp look out
of half-shut eyes.
"Oh. as for that. King," a ays Darby,
*1t"s alsier for a widow to get a hus
band or for orphans to find a father
than It Is for them to pick up a sov
ereign a daj."
The King looked mighty satisfied and
gmoked for a white without a word.
"Would you micd goin' out an evenin*
now and then, heipin' the boys to mind
the cows?" he asked at last.
Darby feared to trust himself outside
in their company. . -
"Well, ni tell ye how It is." replied
ray brave Darby. "Some of the neigh
bors might see me. and spread the re
port en me that Tm with the fairies and
that'd disgrace Bridget aad the chll
dher," he says.
The King knocked ashes from hi*
pipe. .. ;
"You're a wise man. besides being tha
holght of good company." says he, "an*
It's sorry I am you didn't take my word
for then we would have you always at
laste till the Day of Judgment, whta—
but that's - nayther here nor- there?
Howsomever, we'll bother you about it
no more." -.
From that day they treated him as
one of their own.
It was nearly five months afther that
Maureen ducked Darby by the coat
and led him off to a lonely spot.
"I-ve got the word." she says.
"Have you. faith! What Is ltf *ay«
Darby, all of a thrlmble.
Then she whispered a word so blas
phaymous. so irrayligious that Darby
blessed himself. When Maureen saw
ilm making the sign, she fell down la
a fit, the holy emblem hurt her so, pour
child.
Three hours after this me bouid
Darby was sitting at his own fireside
talking: to Bridget and the chiidher.
The neighbors were harrying to him
flown every road and through every
field, carrying armfuls of holly bushes.
as he had eent word for them to dc.
He knew well he'd have fierce and sav
age visitors before morning.
After they had come with the holly he
had them make a circle of It so thick
around the house that a fly couldn't
walk through without touching a twig
or leaf. But that was not alL They
made a second ring of holly outside the
first, so that the house sat In twj
great wreaths, one wreath around the
other. The outside ring was much the
bigger and left a good space between
it and the first, with room for ever so
many people to stand there. It was like
the inner ring, except for a little gats,
left open as though by accident, where
the fairies could walk In.
But it wasn't an accident at all. only
the wise plan of Maureen's; for near by
this little gap. in the outside wreath.
lay a sprig of holly with a bit of twin*
tied to it.' Then the twine ran along
op to Darby's house, and in through
the window, where its Ind lay convayn
lent to his hand. A little pull on tha
twine would drag the stray piece cf
holly Into the gap and close tight the
outside ring.
"Well, anyway, these ¦ things were
hardly finished and fixed when the
dusky brown of the hills warned the
neighbors of twilight and they scurried
like frightened rabbits to their hornet.
Only one among them all had courage
to sit outside Darby's house waiting
the dreadful wialtors, and that one wa3
Bob Broderick.
For some rayson or .ether the Good
People were long in coming. Ten
o'clock struck, thin eleven, afther that
twelve, and not a sound from the out
side. Within the minute a thousand
rustling woices sprung from outside.
Through the window. In the clear
moonlight, Darby marked weeds and
grass being trampeled by Invisible feet
beyond the furthest rtag of holly. -
Suddenly broke a great cry. The gap
In the first ring was found. Signs wees
plainly seen of uncountable feet rush-
Ing through and spreading about the
nearer wreath. Afther that a howl of
madness from* the' little men and
women. Darby had pulled his twiae
and the trap was closed, with five thou
sand of the Good People entirely at his
mercy. . ¦ -.' -. :'
¦ Princes, princesses, dukes, dukesses.
earls, earlesses, and all the, quality of
Bleive-aa-mon _ were I prisoners. Not
more than a dozen of the last to coma
escaped, and they flew bade to tell the
DARBY O'GILL
AND THE
GOOD PEOPLE
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CAIJl
7
ia.iV H,«T\v3 1 XrlV VI f Xrfxlil M*
This beautiful colored supplement is a rare art photograph by Tonnessen. The
little boy with the ; : St/ Joseph Lilies is alohethe most perfect subject eTer used
in such a reverential theme in "America. You will get^ this magnificent T crea-
tion— free— with the V
Next Sunday Call Easter Edition.(Copyright, 1903, by ; Albert Sonnichsen.)
promoters.
They reverse tho nmim "Dnlj be
fore pleasure."
They have tpo many and too expen
sive amusements.
They do not think It worth who* to
save .nickels and dimes.
They have risked a competence tn
trying to get rich quickly.
The parents are economical, toot tha
children have extravagant Ideas.
They do not do to-day what they can
possibly put off until to-morrow.
They do not think it worth while ta
put contracts or agreements In writ*
ing.
They prefer to incur debt rather than
to do work which they consider be
neath them.
They do not dream that little mort
gages on their homes can ever turn
them out of doors.
They have Indorsed their friends*
notes or guaranteed payment Just for
accommodation.
They risk all their eggs in one bas
ket^ when they are not In a position to
watch or control it.
They think it will be time enough to
begin to save for a rainy day when the
rainy day comes.
The head of the house is a good man,
but he has not learned to do business
In a businesslike way.
The only thing the daughters accom
plish is to develop fondness for smart
clothes and expensive Jewelry.
They do not realize that one expen
sive habit may introduce them to a
whole family of extravagant habits.
They do not know that giving a full
power-of -attorney to an agent or law
yer puts their property at his mercy.
On a six-hundred-dollar Income, they
try to compete in appearance with a
two- thousand- dollar-a-year neighbor.
They subscribe for everything that
comes" along— organs, lightning rods,
subscription books,' pictures, bric-a
brac—anything they can pay for on the
installment plan. y
They have not been able to make
much in the business they understand
best; but -have thought that they could
make a fortune by Investing In some
thing they know nothing about. '
— Orison Swett Marden, In Success.
We pulled quietly away from the
steamer's side until she appeared a
mere vague shadow. Our oarlocks,
muffled by wads of engine-room waste,
seemed only to breathe. There were
eight of us in the yawl, Jackson and
I in the bow,, two privates and "three
sailors, the latter pulling and "the de
serter steering. He was the first to
speak in a loud whisper.
"I'm headin*. ; for the "fore chains.
We can Jump .there and be on deck
before the bos'n sees us." ,
We glided slowly over the •almost
invisible water, until presently the bis
So it was, in our opinion. Dark fig
ures passed us on. deck, going aft;
but we did not challenge. From under
the stern rame a faint splashing and
rattle of oars, but we did not chal
lenge. Slowly a boat was being haul
ed along the side to the gangway.lad
der, making no ' noise save,. a faint
splash against its bow, but still we did
not challenge. I removed my uniform
coat and slipped softly down tt^ lad
der. A hand grasped mine and. then
we shoved off. A ; moment ¦ later I
heard our bell strike and my watch
mate's voice rolled^out:
"All's well." /
We two quartermasters of the. night
watch stood lounging by the gangway.
It was near, midnight. Every light
aboard was extinguished — orders from
the -admiral, for there ywere still ttvo
Spanish^ torpedo-boats ' unharmed : up
the Pas'ig. It was/another beautiful
night/ lighted. only by the stars and an
occasional flash of the searchlights on
the warship. ,... The chief •officer had
made his last round of inspection an
hour before, ahd^ was now turned in.
Only ;, we two of the crew<were on
deck-^-our report! had been/"AH's well,
sir." ' •' ••¦ i ¦ ' >
"I am with you," I said, shortly,
and we grasped hands. Then one by
one the four citizen coldiers came
up and we did the same. One of them
was a justice of the peace in far away
Pennsylvania.
ing against a form of Injustice par
ticularly detestable to the heart of a
sailor.
' Jackson went ashore to Join his regi
ment some- days later. \ Some of the'de
serters afterward Joined- his command
and several were killed in action.
Later, during, the campaigning. I met
some of ' them. Jackson afterward
went to South Africa/ where '' he fought
against his J own : countrymen In the
Boer* ranks. That was'the last I heard
j. It became "known next day through
out-the fleet that the Nova Scotlaman
had ; been boarded ¦ by "pirates" during
the night, as the captain put it, and
.that. his crew had decamped, ,biit" no
discoveries were ever made. The naval
officers had something more serious to
' consider than capturing runaway sail
ors, so the Incident soon dropped out of
} notice. •
He dropped into his launch, and with
a few., coughs it shot 'off toward j the
flagship.
Jackson had heard all.
"Bully, old boy," he cried, grasping
my hand! "Now, let's sneak a3 soon's
we can."
Leaving our "prisoners ¦ to be released
by the stevedores in the morning, we
all crowded into the boat arid silently
pulled for the beach below Cavite. In
hair'an* hour- our keel scraped pebbles.
The seven men, the crew of the Nova
Scotiamen, waded ashore, Jackson and
•I with them.- . - •
» "Now, fellers," -said -JaCkson, as .we
reached 'land, "you hit. the road for
Camp Dewey.; Scatter among the out
fits and the boys'll treat;you well. I'm
coming* ashore in, a few day3, and .'I'll
see you then." •/ v - ?'» ;
¦ And they left us. .*-i -._.. V ; ; * \
.We. pulled cautiously back to the
Zealandla, reaching her an hour before
dawn.- My. watchmate met us at the
gangway and helped make' the boat
fast astern.. , The men retired at once,
while. I took up my post at the gang
way; An; hour later the chief officer
appeared. ,; ¦ / ¦ ¦
"Well, how have things gone during
the night?". he asked.. M
"Good," I replied; and meant what I
said. • '..".;
last. "Don't be popping off your gun
at night unless it's necessary." .
'"* I acknowledged . the * oversight.
He stayed about ten minutes," even
entered into a brief conversation about
The patrol launch came alongside and
a man leaped aboard. He was a naval
officer," t " could Bee,"by his light duck
uniform.'; , -.;i ; V
."Who^are you?" he asked.
"Bos'n and night watchman," I-re
sponded.
"What , was, that shot , for a .while
ago?" ; hie demanded, "rather testily. \
. :-"Why, •Iisaw a blg t , shark alongside
and took a pop at' him."
; The ' officer looked- about him rather
suspiciously,*' I thought, but asked no
more questions.' he volun
teered: >:
•Tou forgot to hoist your boat"
."All's" welL",
In. a moment we had. uncovered the
hatch in the. cabin floor.. We quickly
gagged the ; three p'risoners with hand
kerchiefs and unceremoniously hurled
them -down, repla'clrig the hatch. -All
except Jackson ¦ and I crowded into
three*, empty staterooms, 'shutting '[. the
doors.: Jackson .and* I held a hurried
consultation. "Then I went on deck and
he remained in the. companlonway. ,1
was : just Jn time. J ; ¦ r
."Sllver istar, ahoy!" came the hail. ••
"Hello!". I shouted. V A
¦¦'-"Ismail well aboard?".
. A bottle of .sauce was brought from
the pantry, and grasping it 'firmly the
sailor applied the neck to the skipper's
mouth.' He struggled fiercely, but to no
avail. C A good dose ! went down, al
though njst was spilled over- his face
and night shirt. -
"How d'ye like it?" asked the sailor,
maliciously. "Don't taste' good," do it? I
didn't like it, neither."
¦ •* We i were about to favor the mate in
a similar/ manner when . one of | the'sol
diers' whom we had left to .watch on
deck' came tumbling down the compan
ionway. • , ,\ ,
"Fellers," he cried,, "there's a boat
comin'!".- , • ;
j It took Jackson to grasp the situation
instantly. — - .- , .
"Off with the lazarette I scuttle!" he
the whisky battle, "an' you're the man
to feed it to him!"
"Now, captain," said Jacxson," we're
all goih" to drink to your eterhal;dam
natlon, and you've got to drink; too.
If you don't we'll send you '¦> there \ at
once." '" r . "*' >: - ! • " ", '¦'.¦-.
I think -I- shair never! 'forget the
fiendish look that came "over the Bkip
per's- pale face as those six manacled
men crowded j Into the cabini . He had
what' might be termed a handsome
face, refined, . white, delicate, Cbut for
all that not pleasant / to look upon.
His mouth twitched "nervously. I had
se^en just such a mouth" before on- a
notorious gambler and; desperado \ in
the .West, on", trial for his life. ' *
. "Now," said r Jackson^ to 'the. mate,
"where's I the .key - to {those handcuffs ?
Remember, ¦ these war times, • and
we came here' to kill, vl'd^a blamed
sight rather kill you than some poor
innocent" Spaniard." ',
The mate : hesitated a second/ then
growled:: -' ¦-¦'.•'-* ;;.V.";V; " '-,/'.¦¦¦. '\.' ¦'•-.'--".'.'
.; - "In. my .room— top ';; of !.the wash
basin." %.<"** . : .
' key" was found '^fid- the 'men
relieved of the irons. They" ha^d^ chafed
raw bruises about their wrists. C Mean
while,'! the* man whom the 'captain 'had
shot was carried down from deck; ; he
was one of our sailors. The' bullet had
gone through his ear, grazlngf his skull.
Although] he .bled profusely, he show
ed' signs ' of returning conscibushess.
Prom the, captain's , cabin we procured
some- whisky and the wounded man
was soon on his feet.: ~]
, "What's up, sir?".asked one at-'last.
Then they recognized . their -' 'escapes
shipmate. He' explained, the 'situation
lii a few sentences."! : Such/a;,starved
looking lot of men I had> never seen;
all were thin./dirty, and -haggard. But
there was no';time'*'to lose: I climbed
the ladder again,- every m'anfollowlng.
We passed quickly through the fore
castle, out on. deck v and -aft to the
cabin.'". *' -'¦".. .:'¦» ¦''¦> . ;
removed theilock. We pulled it off
and, with; the. lantern open, I descend
ed,' followed --by. the three Bailors.,.;
I found> myself in' a crowd of gap
ing, blinking men, all manacled at the
wrists, some flying "down,' some* stand
ing,, all ' staring ¦ iri \ stupid astonish
ment.. " ".,' — ;, • .-> - :
otherwise, with two revolvers thrust
under his nose. .
"Now you shut up," warned Jackson,
"or we'll blow your, top off!"
We ,led our prisoner amidships; and
he went quietly enough., " . s
"Now give' us the key to the. fo'
c's'le," commanded Jackson.
"It's aft in -my bunk," replied the
man, sullenly.; - - • -
"Come along and get it. We'll keep
you company." . ', '
All of us moved aft. The. cabin com
panionway. scuttle opened and a man
appeared. , • ¦ ..'_ .' '"y •- ¦-
"What's wrong, bos'n?" called . a
voice. *"*> ' '¦: •.;¦ .¦¦-,;¦ < j
There was a flash and a report'of.a
revolver, and a man beside me dropped.
A second ; later* the figure in .the ~ com-"
panionway stretched its length- before
us on deck, unarmed. ' : ¦'¦' \
. We quickly . crowded ¦ down into the
cabin. We had just time to turn on
a dark lantern, when the door to a
stateroom leading 'off from the cabin
opened, and, a big, man, partly
undressed, leaped- but among us. He,
too, dropped on % deck, ; senseless "from
the blow of a revolver butt. Next,
headed by the deserter, we -quickly
made prisoners of the second mate,
cook and. steward in their respective
rooms, . locking their doors and threat
ening to; shoot at the. least ' outcry.
Then, the skylight being! covered^by a
tarpaulin on the outside, we ventured
to light the lamp hung from the cen
ter of the cabin. ".."." ;>'".-;.'¦ ,
The -bos'n, captain, and mate we
speedily bound" to a bench.* The. mate
was 'bleeding profusely. As ; he* came
to he struggled fiercely with the knot
ted cords, but an effective tap* froni a
revolver butt taught him discretion.
The captain. took things. more calmly
and made no resistance. " -
. ."Now, the key," said 'Jackson y
I The bos'n , was loosened - : enough so
that he could go into his room and
procure It. I took It from him. Jack
son nodded that he and the soldiers
would stand guard. . .
Accompanied by .the deserter and
two sailors ' I went for'd > to the fore
castle door, from which • we. speedily
removed the 1 padlock. Inside all was
dark^ but I turned on the ,bullseye. ''Make Mm drink some tabasco
The scuttle.,: to the j forepeak was in sauce, same's he made me do," sug
the middle of the floor. It, too,' .was ' jfested. one of the crew,
padlocked. One of the men found a" "So he shall!" cried Jackson, the flash
fire ax, and /with -a few 'heavy cuts, of his eyes heightened by a swig from
things in general, and told me that the
Spaniards were soon expected to make
another sortie. I feigned great inter
est. *¦
"Well, good night, bos'n," he said at
. Their. Idea* are largv? than thai*
purses. „ .
They think th« world «wwa th*ra •
living.
They do not keep account of thttM
expenditures.
They are easy dupea of •chasm* and
I WHy They're Poor
"Friends," said Jackson, but the man
we ha4 between us must have' thought
Jackson and I leaped up the chain
plates. Into the shrouds and sprang
down on deck. The rest swarmed uj>
after us.
"Who's there?" yelled a voloe In front
of. us. , v- •-3^'.
Fhadotr of the sailing ship loomed
above us, bow on.
"In oars," whispered Jackson, and
we glided In under the I bark's . bows.
A moment later I hooked tho^f ore rtg
¦gring with the boathook, and^we.were
fast.
'"Boat ahoy!" shouted a voice from
on deck. ' ..
"Quartermaster," he said, "you're the
one man we need. You've got the night
gangway, and you can make it all right
with vour mates. You can forget to
have ihe yawl hoisted. Unless .you
say so, those -six 5oor suckers will have
to stay there. Are you with us?" '
He held out his hand and I could
not help the thrill of admiration that
came over-, me at the fine, young,
strong face, lit up with fierce enthu
siasm, and the manly voice, protest-
"Go*n," he said. ""Give's the rest.'"
"As I was sayln'," began the sailor,
evidently continuing a story such as I
had heard many of b&fore. "Tim Lons.
he up to the mate an' scz:
" Toa give me a square fight, an* It's
a go.*
"'AH right,* sez the mate; and they
squares off. Tim lands the mate a
heavy one on the jaw, but Just then tha
mate reaches Tim one over the eye. an*
Tim drops, 'cause, ye see, the mate had
on his knuckle dusters. An* that was
what he calls a square flghL
"Well^'that was the layout the rest of
the trip. . They wouldn't give us no
show. Mate shot one chap through the
. arm, cap'n split another : chap's . head,
-4hey triced.me up into the main chains
and fed me a pint of tar.. The day we
got In here ¦ aH hands was sent down
the lazarette to stow -sail, 'and they
clapped down the hatch. Then, as we
were made to come up, one at a time,
we each got a welt over the head an*
put.. in irons, down the . forepeak. an'
we've -been there ever since. ' Sc£ ye
•see, that's how we can't lodge no com
plaint. I managed to crawl through a
hawse-pipe — ye see, I am pretty thin."
There was a moment's silence. Jack
son broke it.
' "Boys," ihe said again, /"should we
stand for this?" .•
j . He paused a -moment, then . swung
around to, me. ¦ :".' .'¦ .
He paused as I came down. Then ha
swung axtrasd to the deserter in tha
dark corner. v
Jjtctesoa stood ta the middle of tha
foerecttisga. KSs bare, hairy chest was
heaving. jjSs lauwmwil young fa.es
flashed red abostt tire cheekbones. His
campaign hast -was ftung far hack, ex
posing his thick brown hair above the
forehead, while beads of tropical
srreat stood act over his face and
chest and? armn. pared to the elbows.
•~"Boys,~ he was saying, in a sop
pressed voice — a vehement whisper —
"we can't stand for this. I know th-j
I sailed with him six years aga.
This chap's telling no lies. I say,
hoys, we cant stand for this."
Jactaon paused- He had th* mesa
¦ender his tcrach. Sailor and soldier
as he was, he brought the two ele
ments of his audience together and
made them one. They already looked
on him kb a leader.
-watch, again, tit* Knsrilsa sergeant
came. for me.
"Come on down th« forecastle," ha
said, and disappeared;: I
A tew minutes later-I followed. The
men had^. kno'eked off. but . not. yet
eaten or washed. ' Tho. deserter sat
on a chest at th« for'd end of * the
forecastle, ready . to dron down the
open scuttle Into the forepeak should
• a strange stej>com© down the com
pantlonway.' "
The men, allowing- the traces of sup
pressed excitement, s&t about on their
chests. Besides Jackson four- men of
fh* commissary guard were present,
'a corporal and three privates, who
had'aeen the deserter when we hauled
him up ttte gangway. The soldiers
concealed their emotions, less effec
tively titan the sailors. The deserter
' had taacsa trfTr^ngi I guessed.
I cast my eyes toward a big square
ripped wooden ship swinging inshore
toward Cavite, her tapering rigging sil
houetted against the horizon.
"He swam — blamed nasty Job— the
water's full of sharks. It's the Silver
Star— a Blue Nose hot box. Skipper
killed a man on the trip out. Six poor
suckers in Irons down the forepeak,
while the two mates and the bos'n are
discharging cargo for Uncle Sam with
a gang of coolies. Here's this chap
broke axvay — wants to lodge a com
plaint. Where? British Consul inside
the Spanish lines. Where? Uncle
Sam's officers are figuring too hard to
get in there, too, to bother their heads
about six poor British lubbers who
hadn't the sense to keep off a Blue
Kose. And the skipper's got 'a pull
with the admiraL Hard lines, Jack,
but I guess you'll have to face ttte mu
sic out"
iText day, shortly before I went on
"All right," hr ; answered, "but pretty
well pegged out. He can talk now,
though. Say, we're sailormcn; we can
understand his case: there's' no need
fvr us to report- - You see that Nova
Scotia bark over there?"
" "I'll take him down into the fore
castle," said the sergeant, and, calling
a man from the guardroom, they led
him for'd.
' Half an hour later. Jackson rejoined
me at my post.
•How is he?" I asked.
A faint splash came from for'd.
Looking down we saw an object In
the water approaching in a phosphor
escent flow, until finally it stopped at
the foot of the gangway.
The sergeant and I hurriedly de
scended the broad gangway ladder.
At the lowest step we made out a half
saked man holding on, but apparently
too weak to pull himself out. Each of
us seized a white hand, and a second
later had the swimmer staggering up
the Eteps. We pulled him up to the
deck, where he sank upon his knees
between us, staking and sputtering,
and finally vomiting Into the scuppers.
. "For God's sake, hide me!" he
grasped; and a second fit of vomiting
overtook him.
"Listen," he said.
"*f es. I am," he replied. /Tin & sail
or like yourself. I've been six years In
"•epical waters. I -was i>aid off in Phil
'adelphla six months ago from & lime-
Julcer."
? Such an Introduction could only. and
a response In me. Leaning over' the
rail we yarned of ships and foreign
ports and the beauties of tropical seas.
A typical soldier of fortune, I thought.
as I looked at my companion's well knit
figure vaguely .defined, by -the gangway
light. Hla ¦ English accent" seemed In
congruous .with- his American uniform,
but he had worn the uniform for a half
dozen armies, I soon learned.
"This Is tiresome," he growled. "Here
*re are doing guard duty and the rest
cf 'em ashore, scrapping. Hear those
puns blazing away?"
The black mass of Jungle, Just above
the city, was occasionally lit up by a
flash of flre, followed by a low "br-r
r-oom." We watched the, firing for
some time In silence, but the cannon
ading was too distant to disturb the
almost perfect stillness that hung over
the glassy water; It seemed like being
up In some gigantic airship, with the
phosphorescent flash of fish the lights
of cities miles underneath. The ships
about seemed to hover in the air with
us. a mighty fleet of phantom air craft.
8uddenly the sergeant grasped my
arm.
cf the ship's company fitejrt. •> .
H ttils tha third, niglrt of August.. I
ha£ hem lounging lazQy aboiit.the
<Vsrfm, tryiz^ hard to keep awake, for
t3ae ni^hz "R3ji a drovrsy one. At last
I leaned o-rex the gy..-ngway railing,
tfcs distant regular rows of
Uskla of tha besieged city. Overhead
hong a deep Indigo sty, sprinkled with
star Cast — an ideal tropical night. So
ealra tr-as the -water that the light* of
.ti» r»'.shboTing ships "reflected as single
fire spots, and the bells of the most
distant gunboats of the fleet -were dis
tinctly audible striking the hour; tarn
Sells, I think it -was, wh,en the sergeant
of the guard Joined me In .my noctur
nal contemplations.
.Tine night, "but blamed hot." ha
¦aid.
There was that tropical humidity in
the atmosphere that kept us In oon
ticnal perspiration, brought on by no
physical exertion. The sergeant's shlri
yna thrown hack and he breathed
heavily.
"You're not used to the tropics?" I
rentured. • • ". - >¦ "
of the American fleet. "Within th« cir
cle ¦ were also some merchant saittns
chips discharging Australian ooal Into
n«vy lighters. Outside the circle "wera
anchored the foreign wars2i£»— Q«r*>
?n»Ti_ Fres-rij, Japanese and English.
Uy liaa. In making this jiflata Is «i i nj'y
to aaair that the>gttgat1an out there
made ary other mode of jrroct&xnra
iy,*v tfiKt which we followed practi gai
ly iinposElhle. Ours was the only ef
.fective -way. It must be remembered
that tha Unties of^Consnla and Part
Captain* were but vaguely ta.be da
teed at that time.
Ths United Stales transport Sea-
Tani'Ma. of Trhlch I vas a JlTMtT^^i'mfurf^^
lay anchored In the sea-word edga of
tha circle, within haHtns distance of
tha flagship. Our regular f crar-hotur *ea
vetches ¦were now changed to night
cad day dcty; two cnarterniasteTi di
vided the day at gang-i^zy watch. tsn»
did the earce .tt^nlsht. while all others
IT -wma after tB« Spanish fleet had
sunk under American fire. It w*s
before Manila surrendered. Six
transports lay anchored off Cavite.
protecttnply encircled by the ships
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALE.
THE VIGILANTES OF THE
"SILVER STAR"
8no_text"I am going to begin painting my
Easter eggs now," said the Easter girl.
"And the first one shall be upon a din
ner card. The card is cut in egg shape
and upon one side I shall paint a'suit
able inscription and upon the reverse
I shall • letter the menu. This Is for
Easter Sunday dinner."
And, gathering together her painting
materials, the Easter egg girl sat down
to her self-appointed task of painting
the egg. AUGUSTA PRESCOTT.
"The Easter egg can be a papier
mache affair and a very pretty one at
that. It can be a wooden egg, whit
tled out by the family genius and pret
tily colored. All sorts and conditions
of eggs are permissible at Easter and
the table is glorious only as it has a
variety of Caster eggs. for the delight
of the: eye. . . ;
"Now comes the critical test. Take
the' dough and mold It In the fingers.
which -can be well sugared to prevent
it from sticking. Mold and mold until
you have a great mass, egg shaped and
as big as a loaf of bread. The egg
should be almost the size of your head,
but it should be egg shaped, not round.
"Now, melt some sweet chocolate on
the stove and. when it is very soft,
roll the big ess in it until you have a
chocolate egg. Thi3 when cold will be
a chocolate egg worth looking at.
"Very thin slices of this chocolats
egg can be served with cake. It is ex
cellent with Icecream and coffee. Or,
again, it Is good as an evening refresh
ment. It is good form to serve It with
crackers. and chocolate. In which case
it makes a very nice dish indeed.
"To make a chocolate egg for Easter
take the white of an egg and an equal
quantity .of cold water. Beat well to
gether. Now add a little vanilla fla
voring. Take two pounds of confec
tioner's sugar and stir into the egg
mixture. Keep on stirring, until the
whole is like brocaded velvet, stiff
enough to stand alone.
"The. Immense candy egg Is not an
impossible thing these days and you
can easily make . one for yourself, an
egg of chocolate with a very fine cream
iilling. - . • :•$
"The result is white lettering upon a
colored background. And there are
many other ways to stamp a name
upon an egg.
-V-. • <
to achieve. The egg Is plunged Into
hot water in which there la Just a lit
tle dye.» It is boiled and taken out.
This can be done Just before break
fast so that the eggs will be hot.
Harmless dyes can be procured and tha
eggs are not spoiled .for the eating.
. "Eggs can be colored with the let
tering ..of one's name on the shell.
This is' done by taking a strijNrt cloth
of the sort that will crock off when
subjected to hot water. Letters are
cut in the cloth and a strip of it is
sewed around the egg.
break quite as easily as though the
shells were empty. .."
'•Those who really love to paint the
Easter- egg, and who wish to preserve
It, can procure a few china eggs and
decorate thorn. There arc china shops
that cater to the .hen and. her instincts
and here one can procure a dozen or
so of china eggs to be hand painted
with the brush for Eastar. •
"On na-ter Sunday thsre should be
no frauds, but all the same there are
china eggs in the egg dish, a^ich as
were never meant to be eaten. The3«?
are mixed in with the plain egg3 and
the dyed eggs with a most charming
result.
"In families whsre eggs are serveJ
for breakfast Buster Sunday morning
it is the custom to serve eggs both
hot and cold, hard boiled and soft
boiled. The old Dutch custom of
giving eggs, and as many of them as
possible, la still presarved in many
families. who boast descent from llu
Holland Dutch.
"To decorate a dish of hard boiieJ
eggs In quick and pretty fashion
take the eggs the day before Easte.
and boll them nearly half an hour.
They should be boiled unt.. their con
tents are mealy, not pasty. The hard
boiled egg that is taken out in a thick,
wet, pasty mass is not fit to eat. It
is Indigestible arid it is not palatable.
The glory of a hard boiu-.egg is its
mealiness and, unless It be boiled un
til it is mealy, it Is hopeless.
A Study in Esss.
"When ' the eggs have been well
boiled they nvtfft be plungad into coli
water. This / makc3 them peel rnqre
easily at tha critical moment. Then
when they have cooled, tha artistic
girl who 13 going to paint them lays
them in a row before her on the tab!?.
•'Taking her paint brushes sho
crosses an egg in green and scarlet
and blue, making a Scotch plaid. The
next egg' she decorates in spots and
dots, some hollow and some in tha
shape of great big round spots. Upon
the third egg she -paints a star fish
with great starlike shape, sprawling
all over the egg. And upon the next
she quickly sketches a bird slngins
upon the branch of a tree. Then
there is the daisy egg, all the littta
daisies, and the egg which is painted
yellow and scarlet and white, like a
sunset.
"It is quick work this putting to
gether of the colors, and the eggs are
painted before or.e realizes that the
work has begun. They are then placed
tenderly in a dish so that their best
points will show and Easter Sunday
morning they are brought out for the
breakfast table.
"If preserved they can be kept for
the supper table, for the Easter egg is
popular all Easter day. . . .
"The dyed egg is not at, all difficult
W. J. Shearer
Talk to Parents
bin
Child Training
THE* raajorlt y of parents are dis
posed to take it for granted that
It Is natural for children to do
what they should. Therefore, If
tfitey do right, they are not commended.
It is taken as a matter of course. If
they do vrrong, some one is ever ready
to criticize unkindly, if not most harsh
ly. Tco often the criticism is also quite
unjust. This is all wrong. Too much
cftort ar.d time are spent in trying to
correct the wrong by harsh means. Too
little effort is made for the purpose of
lertdins into right paths by kindly en
couragement.
Your children have no knowledge of
what is right and what is wrong. All
they are. to know upon this subject
must be learned by instruction, or from
the example of others with whom they
come in contact. Since this is so, we
thouJd not be so ready to accuse chil
dren oi doing wrong purposely, or of
deliberately giving pain.
Consider the case of a boy who has
broken a valuable vase, perhaps care
lessly, and therefore liable to punish
ment. The parent calls the child to an
swer. "Ralph, did you break this vase?"
•Ht; answers promptly, "Yes, papa, I
did." iCany a man has faced death
at the cannon's mouth with less moi'al
courage than this boy. Is it any won
der that, in this particular case, the
loving parent commends by saying,"My
dear boy, you are brave. You ' are
noble. The value of the vase is as noth
ing compared to the prize I put upon
your truthfulness. Many a boy would
have told an untruth, knowing that no
one saw who broke it. Now I know I
can trust you to tell the 'truth at any
time and under all circumstances." Will
any one doubt that the boy's -bosom
swelled with pride? He never' forgot
the lesson. Seven years have passed,
yet, to this day, he has never given the
parent reason to believe that he is any-,
thing but perfectly honest and truthful.
In the last case mentioned/suppose
that, after the boy had acknowledged
breaking the vase, the parent had pun
ished him severely. Howunjust would
have been such treatment! There was
evidently no intention to break it.
There probably was not even more
carelessness than could justly - be ex
pected of a lively boy five years old-
Would not such treatment tend to
make any child untruthful In every
case, where he thought he would be
with the cross, surly, ill-natured child
thisv method will" 'certainly ' S Ive the
most, excellent results.. . It Is hardly
necessary "to say that a\ child • should
ndt be told that he is Ill-natured or that
he' is -bad. Such senseless"! treatment
wii; surely ruin. , >Wa'tch v longy If neces
sary," for some act and j then
commend most heartily. ;" \
' : Many'lmake' much v us*' of rewards of
all kinds. ; Oh© '. trouble with giving re
wards I is . that I many f ailJtqT distinguish
between hiring ' and** buying children.
For example: Upon leaving home for
a- number of days, the'writeiv expressed
the ! hope that his boys would do Vas
they should. Had • he wished ; to hire
them to do so, he would have promised
them some certain prize for good b«?
havior. This might or might not have
produced the desired result. /When he
returned he inquired i concerning their
actions. The report being most'satis
factory, he called the boys and asked
them to go up:street with him. There
he purchased a fine penknife for each
one. In the evening he told them why
he had done so. Until that time they
had no idea of the * reason. Thus the
boys learned .that their determination
to act as they ! should was not over
looked,-even though no, promise had
been made. In such. a case it Is very
important that Improper conduct
should, certainly' result' in disappoint
ment.- . •?••, "-;• .• '¦-.:¦ '¦ -).'¦' *..:" ••'/¦';:.".
j- •What has been said about hiring chll
drlri' to do as they, sbpuld must not be
taken to indicate that this should' never
be done.' . Indeed, manytimes it may be
"weli*to*agfee",i;pcrn'» price for a certain
amount of" work. This" " will ; ~ act as a
'stimulant and % all : .through : life they
will fln4 that only as the result of work
done can they expect to: pay. It may
even be deemed a proper thing for par
ents to sometimes buy 'children to do as
likely to escape? Surely, no" onejwill
doubt that the influence of the first
mentioned : method, upon the develop
ing character, would be infinitely better
than if the second plan had been used.
The great trouble Is that the almost
universal tendency is to pass, without
notice, the many times the child tells
the truth and does . right, and to deal
most harshly • with him the time he
yields to the natural temptation. The
child may treat a younger brother or
Bister with kindness twenty times and
receive no word of commendation. He
is sure to, receive, a scolding, if not
wors"e, if the twenty-first time he for
get himself : and acts naturally, by rea
son of the imposition of the younger
child. Is not this all wrong? ,
V- Let all be watchful and praise what
Is Tight,? rather .than continually Tflnd
fault with/what is wrong. ; This is of
vast Importance in training \o- proper
conduct. • However, parents should
guard against indiscriminate * commen
dation." : v When f used without good rea
son,the "tendency is to make the child
vain and to do more barm than good.'
Praise what Is really praiseworthy. Do
not praise that which requires no
of the will or moral rectitude. Even
•.. ¦¦ * . '¦'>.¦'¦ .¦.."•¦
they wished. Though certainly wrong
in principle, yet it is better both for the
parent and the child than a system of
management by harsh threats and bru
tal punishments.
\ Some yet assert that there Is no prac
tical 'difference > in simply rewarding a
child for what he has done and paying
him a promised amount However, is
there not considerable difference? In
the first case the. doing of the right
thing is associated with .pleasant re
sults which were not anticipated. Thus
doing* right is made more attract!ve
in the other case the child will feel
that he has performed services for a
fixed reward. If he does not wish the
reward he is apt to feel he need not do
as. directed. If he does as he is told he
is apt to feel that the reward belongs
to him, and there is therefore no sense
of obligation to do right because It is
right. - :l;.-'C
_ Every parent who has more than one
child should not fall to understand that
no, two children are alike. In physical,
mental and moral characteristics they
differ widely. The same treatment will
not answer for any two. The principles
of management may be the same, but
the application of the principles must
be modified by the individual peculiari
ties of the child. Vj«^
Since children do differ so widely why
should parents strive to treat all alike?
Such treatment will crush the Individu
ality out of any child. This individual
ity parents should strive to make a
guide to ' the child's education I and
training. Too often It la considered aa
something which the parent should
strive to overcome entirely: . r
The great effort which Is made in
school and at home seems to be to make
children more uniform. Yet, who will
give any good reason why a person
should labor to produce , uniformity of
taste of character, of ability or' of aspi
rations? Is not individuality of far
more importance than uniformity? Is
It not the divinity of, the child?. Should
it not be sought for and discovered,
that it may be carefully studied, and,
when along right lines, lovingly guard
ed? Does not biography teach us ihat
only those have become distinguished
who have developed a love for. work
along particular lines? Is'-*t not^tlme
that parents, limited in power arid; by
conditions, 1 cease striving to overcome
the many differences predetermined by
the Almighty?
ENCOURAGEMENT INDIVIDUALITY
) SHALL paint one egg for every
country upon which the Easter sun
j?h:::es," said the Easter egg girl
iookir.g ahead toward Easter.
•Those eggs that need long prep
aration and a great deal of work shall
be b!o\vr.-out eggs. I shall make^ a hole
in one end and a hole in the other end
— sr.d blow!
"The result will be a hollowy shell,
oiquisitely fine and beautifully trans
parent. This I shall take and 'size,'
and when 1 have done that I shall paint
the shell.
"Painting a shell without sizing it Is
unsatisfactory, from an artistic stand
point. Your . ..ints sink in as though
yuu were painting upon new %vood or
upen freshly made crockery, and the
results :-•» anything but good. You
luse your effects before you have got It.
"But if you will take your eggshell
cud prepare it. then you stand a good
chance of getting something nice.
"Why is it necessary to blow out the
egs? "Why, from esthetic reasons.
When the first hen decided to lay eggs
instead of cobblestones she unfortu
nately began too soon. She started in
e^s laying before she had fully com
pleted her shell. She laid an article
which, while very palatable when fresh,
is far from good eating when it Is old.
The shell of an egg is too porous for
.its own good.
"Nc-,v if the hen had had time to
thoroughly prepare herself for her life
long task of laying eggs she would have
undoubtedly manufactured an article
•that would keep indefinitely. As it Is
the egg is perishable, and if the shell
be a thins which Is to be preserved you
must take out the contents.
"Eggs can be boiled very hard before
they are painted; and, then, if placed
in a cold spot, they will keep until
Kaster. But even a boiled egg has no
permanent lease of life. The shell of
an egg is such a poroua article that the
hard boiled ess spoils and goes very
wrung almost as quickly as a raw egg.
How to pint eggs of
all nations; how to get
up a set of ideal heads
upon the shells of eggs:
how to blow eggs and
how to color them so
that there will be a fine
assortment of eggs Eas
ter Sunday. A chocolate
eirir and the secret of its
preparation. . .
"There are artistic and industrious
girls who take an egg and paint it
beautifully, decorating it 'in the most
charming manner. They will paint tiny
sky blue Cupids upon it, tossing n.ses
from one to another. Again they vvilj
decorate the egg with a chain cf !bw
ers, with small nymphs holding up the
chain as daintily as possible.
"When they have completed these
eggs, which are painted in .1 hard
boiled state, they take them and pack
them in oats, with the small end down.
A large stone jar is the best thing to
use,, f or the purpose. The jir is now
placed in a store room, and Easter day
the eggs can be brought tut for' the; ap
proval of thp family. Such egss as
these are to be eaten cold for luncheon,
as hard boiled eggs, or they can bi
broken and sliced upon salad. But thi
breaking of such an egg as this re
quires a hard heart and an iron nerve.
" 'I am going to paint a set of na
tional eggs.' gaid Jin enthusiast. 'The
set Includes one egg for every country
which observes Kapter. There is the'
dearest littie scene for the Russian egg,
all low houses and scrubby looking
Christmas trees. For Germany there is
the caslle on the Rhine, with the Rhine
flowing past the castle, which towers
high on a gray rock.
" 'An egg-colored scene is the Alas
kan egg. where all is snow, and the
only color is a patch of housos", a sled
and. an odd looking steamboat afar off.
"Painting an egg for every country
is very interesting work. But It is
nothing to painting a typical beauty for
each land. For the French girl there
must be an ideal head full of chic and
suggestion. The German girl is a blonde
haired beauty, tranquil, a Gretchen
with fair braids falling down her back.
Her eyes are blue, her hair yellow and
her clieeks exactly like the blUEh side
of a peach. Painting the Italian beauty
is also Interesting work, for here is the
deep and dusky brunette with great
brown eyes and hair that Is straight
and fo black that it looks as though it
were blue. •
Painting the American Girl. •
"Painting the typical American girl
Is not eo e«asy. for there are so many
types of her. Her features' are Irregu
lar; but she holds her chin high. Her
eyes -are not perfect, but they are kind
eyes; her mouth is her best feature for
it is a cupid's bow; and her cheeks are
lovely.
"To paint the American girl, even
upon an Easter egg, you need your ut
most Eklll and your kindest thoughts,
for there is something magnetic about
her, a something which requires all
your skill in expression lest you lose
It.
"Eggs that are works of art should
all be blown. And, If one wishes to
preserve them, they can be filled with
plaster, or with melted wax, or some
other hard substance, so they will not
PAINTING THE EASTER EGG
SAM FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALT..Rose colored linen with
green trimmings and
tan lace makes a
cherry-' blossom girl —
I The coming summer
: ' will be the most deco
rative in the history
of woman's dress—
Cheap but pretty imi
tations of very, expen-s
sive gowns and how to
make a linen coat ttf^
wear with a shirt
waist suit—The latest* .
h hits in the. small"
things of dress.
with a fine -shirring and Is very full
Indeed. To make this shirring very ef
fective a dee:> hem is somethnes made
in the top and a shirr string is run
through. Another shirring is placed
three inches below the top one, and
still another. In this manner a deep
heading is formed, while the flounce is
very full below it. >
/ The plainer suits, the linens.- the can
vases and the other substantial goods,
are made with a many gored skirt,
plain and finished with a deep hem. The
skirt is well shaped.. and there is the
inevitable flare around the foot, with
out which no skirt is complete.
Other skirts are trimmed with bias
bands of the material, and still others
are trimmed with stitched strappings
of the goods, while others are trimmed
with latticed bands. There are hand
some linen skirts that are decorated
with stitched panels, with yokes out
lined with strappings and with a. deep
flounce-like piece, with a stitched. band
at the top.
Quite a large percentage of the Mnen
suits show inlets of heavy lace, with
delicate wash embroidery outlining the
lace. The number of linen gowns
trimmed with lace Is constantly on the
increase, and the trim and neat linen
gown which was so necessary a feature
of the wardrobe threatens to disappear
utterly.
Yet there are those who like the per
fectly plain tailored linens and the se
vere ginghams, and for those who enjoy
wearing these summer suits there are a
number of little English styles which
will catch the eye.
The Three-Quarter Linen Coat.
A very neat tailored suit of Scotch
gingham was made in two colors, and
there are many linen suits made of two
shades of linen. The pipings, the strap
pings and the small trimmings of the
rait are of a shade of linen to contrast j
with the main part.
The linen coat has come In with the^
summer wardrobe. This coat Is cut
straight and is trimmed with lace. It
is made with wide sleeves and there is
some fullness across the back. A coat
of linen is washable and should be
trimmed with linen lace. But aside
from the material there is nothing or
dinary about the coat, for it is cut on
the smartest of summer models.
A very knowing little coat of blue
linen is cut long, almost to the knees.
It has . the exaggerated sleeves of an
opera coat and the sleeves are trimmed
with very wide lace. The collar is a
square sailor collar, also trimmed with
lace, and there is abundant lace upon
the front of the coat
The fashion of making up a three
quarter or a half length coat of ma
terial to match the gown Is a growing
one, and more than half of the summer
suits will be fitted out in this way. The
fashion is one that is simple to make,
for it requires very little fitting and the
only cost is the price of the material,
which, in the case of linen or canvas
or any of the heavy materials. Is not
great.
The requirement of a three-quarter
coat is that It shall fit across the
shoulders, shall have very wide sleeves
and that the sleeve's shall be finished
in some handsome manner, perhaps
with a wide puff caught into a narrow
cuff, below which falls a very wide cur
tain of lace.
Another way to finish a coat sleeve
Is with what is called a cornucopia,
which is bordered with lace and Is
lined with lace frills. These can be
built of very coarse lace or of lace of
very tough weave, so that they are
washable.
> The Tvro-Pirce Shirt Waist Suits.
A direct outcome of the fancy for tha
three-quarter Unea coat la tie two»
There" la a very stiff lace, which; is
stiffened by special process before, It Is
made into Eton jackets. These llttls
jackets, which look as though they
were made of horsehair, are cut very;
short between the shoulders. There ax*
arm holes and the front of the jacket Is
left ooen. The whole thing could bo
rolled and slipped into a napkin riny-
Silk flowers are sometimes inset.. This
jacket trims up an old silk wais£ or s>
shabby lawn waist most admirably.
The vast majority of summer skirts
are full skirts. They are made with,
shirred vokea and with shirred hips.
These shlrrings can be so arranged as
to trim the skirt, for if full and hand
somely treated they form In themselves
a trimming for the skirt. Three shir—
rings, each as heavy as rope, trimmed.
the yoke of a pretty piazza gown mads,
of linen batiste.
The soft blossom colors- are selected
for tha daintiest of piazza, gowns, and
among the olosassr colors the dsca rosa
One of the distinguishing' features? of
this new GibsonJan silk shoulderette Is
its stiffness. The silk does not Us
around the neck and shoulders In soft*
slinky fashion, but sets out very smart
ly. To make it still stiffer it is em
broidered with a very heavy embroid
ery and trimmed with a lace tMt Is
wiry In texture. ¦ ¦>-/:
One of the prettiest of slBr collars is
cut with the Gibson shoulders. It Is
very wide upon the shoulders and ex
tends out over the arm hale, stand
ing out almost like an epaulette. TMa
style of collar, the Gibson, collar. Is cut
round and Is as deep tn the back as
In front. It is made of silk and sur
rounded bv stitchery and embroidery*.
Lace Is also Inset. The edgo of this
collar is cut in scroll shape and fin
ished with a stiff lace, so stiff, aa to be
almost . wiry.
The wide silk collar?, adjustable antZ
made of silk and lace, will be worn
with the summer suits and some of
them are exceedingly decorative. They
are made after different patterns and
all of them impart quite a dxtaay air- to
any gown. \ •
Very Important In th« list ot summer
fashions are the linen stoles and the
linen collars, for these are worn, over
the shirt waists and they take the
place of the .very fancy shirt waist to
a great extent. WUi? linen collars, aa
deep as the shoulders, and collarettes
that are rounding and made like capes
are worn. These are cut upon the
most approved models and are charm
ing with summer suits.
The stoles are also handsome and
dressy and. to make a stole of the dress
material la very little work or extra
expense. The prettiest of these stoles
are in the shape of round collars, with,
long ends attached in front, and are
to be thrown around the neck and
caught under the chin, with a set of.
cords and tassels.
The blouse part la slipped on! like a
coat and for summering Is carried
over tha arm.
• And, in the Ifst of strainer suits, ont
must not forget the Eton shirt waist
suit, which consists -of a skirt and an
Eton jacket. The Eton Is built of Unea
or canvas or heavy cotton stuff and Is
slipped on over the shirt waist, which
is of any pretty material and color,
usually white, for womankind runs to
white this year.
The IJnen Stoles and Collars.
Then, fn the list of summer cults,
there, must not be forgotten the golf
shirt waist suit for amateurs. This Is
made with a w^etl^shaped Instep skirt,
usuany^GjEVofd' of "trimming at all, un-
Tess one except a very slender piping.
The coat is short and straight, a little
English coat, trimmed with stitched
bands. There are conspicuous p«axl
buttons upon It and It buttons to the
throat.
And still another variety of shirt
waist suit la the Russian blouse suit,
which is a two piece suit and. lika
many others, requires a shirt waist la
addition. The Russian blouse shirt
wafst suit Is made with an instep skirl,
with a Russian blouse waLsf which Is
buttoned down the front and can b«
taken off. and with a shirt waist.
The skirt is plain, but the coat Is very
elaborately trimmed. "
And there are automobile shirt waist
suits. These consist of a linen skirt,
beautifully shaped and of walking
length. The skirt is trimmed with
strapped and stitched bands. "With this
skirt there Is an automobile coat of tha
same material, usually of linen, with
strappings and with wide sleeves. Tha
sleeves and collar are more elaborately
trimmed than Is customary with auto
mobile coats, for they are bordered
with wide lace and are trimmed with
neat, compact trimmings, such as hard
French knots, buttons, wheel stitch, em
broidery and braid.
The down-hanging part of the sleeve
is by no means soft and 'slinky, but is
Interlined and is stiffened and is some
times padded to make it set dul well.
: There is. a new way to "make .the
. sleeve kee;> ; its stiffness below the el
.bow, and this is" by the wearing of an
undernraist. The low necked and long
sleeved underwaists are lovely. They
are made very much on the shirt waist
pattern, with blouse front and snug
back. Then there are .the sleeves of
? underwaists, which are tight above the
- elbow, but, very, full below, with a puff
•" at the wrist. This acts not only as a
lining, but as a stiffening for the
gown.
The Lattice Waist.
.;A. fashion that Will ' be much seen
this summer is the lattice style. Rib
bon and silk are latticed, and also rib
bon and lace. A pretty blouse is made
of lace. And upon this lace there is
a lattice of ribbon about three inches
square. At each intersection there
hangs a crocheted ball. The sleeves
, and the skirt are trimmed with the
hanging balls.
: The- shirt -wajjt- suit of- organdie,
Tfee linen shirt waist* suits have the
simulated pjaits in front "and- are but
toned frankly down the front with dec
orative buttons. They* are \ sometimes
laid in. tiny, tucks across^the yoke. "with
tho tucks released below. : These'tucked
yokes "will be a great deal worn. They
.arereasyto-inake. easy to manage and
1 easy ta wash and iron, 'which three
recommendations are enough for all
practical purposes. •
¦ -The new summer. sleeves are ao wide
as to require half a yard/more of goods.
A 'shirt ; waist pattern of; four yards is
hardly enough now for the full sleeves
that are "the vogue >ahd jhalf a yard
more is needed .. for, the 1
sleeves, which are very' large, very
baggy, and hang down in : the most
•laborate manner.
completion from the branch and the
bud and the -tiny green leaves : to the
full ripe red cherries.
Another pattern Is a very faint green
gown, with a rose bush upon it, with
roses. In the -bud and roses In full
bloom."' This sort bf-a bush in minia
ture looks very pretty, indeed; made up
Intb>a*full summer suit of the order
known as a shirt waist suit.
They are making up a great many
¦hirt waist suits of figured and
sprigged materials.- Some of these are
perfectly delightful : In their material
and coloring. Sprigged and flowered
lawns, crisp and glossy, are made up
with the very thin washable silks and
are .worn "over interlinings of various
colors. Batistes, partly lace, with a
_ sCk stripe running .through and with a
-floral pattern upon the background, are
'charming for the making of whole
¦uits of shirt waist design. t •.
.The Xew Summer Blouses.
Th« best shirt waist suits . of this
~ year will have the long .skirt, with
many gores and the round or blouse
waist The back of the waist will be
tlghtlflttlng, but the front will blouse
well over the belt and the blouse-part
- will be full, though "not baggy."
The , new blouse waist patterns show
waists that do not blouse to a point,
but are rather wide in front, with the
blouse part setting out stiffly, instead
of hanging -down over the belt. This
•tlffness is preserved by t interlinings
and by the material, which is crisp and
holds its own welL •
THE "SAN • FRANCISCO' SUNDAY i CALIl
piece shirt-waist suit, which consists of
a' skirt and linen coat. The latter is
long,' loose and cut a tittle on tha Monte
Carlo order, not quite to tha knees. It
Is worn with a plain white shirt waist.
rather leads tn popularity. Green of tis
tone known as tender green Is found ta
all the spring fabrics and Is very ap
propriately used to trim tha blossom
gowns, '
be caught in a round glossy buckle of
Jet. • ,/...:.¦ ¦. ¦ .i?/ ".
A new stock shows a band of black
velvet ribbon ! bordered v with . a : wide
border of linen to match the gown.
Over the black .velvet there Is turned a
little lace collar. ..-:-.
. i Another ud- to-date stock for, a stma
mer gown • Is In linen • with a turnover
of linen with black figures embroidered
upon it. And - still another I la In silk
with/a vlne'of^ black tracery, running
around It with the French knots thrown
in the 'embroidery and ¦ mother-of-pearl
scales placed In little croups . upon the
stock. _ Often "the ¦ tiniest little " pearl
ornaments are used.^ >
The new spring lawns make exquisite
cherry blossom r grown*. One' of - these mull and other novelty, summer goods,
lawn* is a very glossy : cream color, so : including the ¦ linen batistes and the
shiny as to look like taffeta. Upon the] delicate muslins, are made with a deep
background v there are long Tcherry ¦ shirred* flounce. ; This • flounce is not
branches, with cherries lm all Bts^^oflgathered-nor" tucked, "but -Is shirred
A much approved girdle is very wide
and * made ': of black velvet . or black
suede. It is slit on each side and • is
laced tip with sflk strings. The front is
laced and so is the back. This Is the
approved girdle for slender figures. * A
stouter. woman can wear a girdle. that
is laced upon each side and laced in the
back, - but - the : •: front -of ;. ths, ¦; stout
woman's girdle inust taper down and
>i HlilH'l iilMi it iflrMiWMX'in iii«i>Hi»mi*iiinniiM»mi - "» ¦
Summer Girdles and Stocks.
belt, very narrow, or a stock which is
latticed in black. "
The approved French piazza gown
has a crush of black chiffon velvet
around the waist, a touch of black vel
vet In v the stock and * a > few . French
knots. Dashes of black embroidery are
seen upon most of the gowns, and it is
quite the thing to line the sleeves with
long black chiffon ruchings to fall down
over the hand. '
pensive. Around eacn 'drop' a littlv
•circle of French knots, all in green, are
embroidered.
'The waist is a lattice In linen, tan
lace, ribbon and French knots. And
that is the way one of the prettiest
cherry blossom gowns of the year is
built." And the modiste patted the
gown with satisfied fingers.
All the blossom colors will be seen
this spring, and as eoon as the piazza
days come the vista will be gay w'ith
rose pink, syrlnga wbite, light green,
blossom yellow, budding gre^n, as the
pale green of the first buds is called,
and al! the soft shades of pink, red,
yellow and waxy white.
With these soft shades other shades
Just as soft are combined, and it will
be a year when the delicate tones are
mingled to the exclusion of the more
vigorous shades. Yet. if carefully plan
ned, the pale toned gowns are not with*
out character, for a very little black
or a little dark brown can be used to
set off the gown and give it the dash
which is called chic. •„
The French dressmakers make a spe
cialty of the gowns which are trimmed
with a little black. They use black on
all occasions and upon all gowns, and
no matter how delicate the material
may be there Is a bow of black "upon
it, a piping of black Bilk, a little black
. tfy Augusta Prescott.
THE cherry blossom girl is here.
It is springtime, and one of the
features of the spring is the
pretty gown which is built in
spring colors. There is Eky blue linen
to match the spring sky, rose color to
match the spring blossoms, light green
to match the new green leaves and ta.a
and wood and bark brown to match
the trees. These all make a series ol
attractive combinations.
The 6omber tones of dark blue, in
visible green, seal brown knd black will
all he brought out lately, for there 13
no day in the year when black and
dark brown cannot be appropriately
worn. But just now it is the chsrry
blossom girl who .wins one's admira
tion, the girl in the soft, light tones.
"Do you want to see a genuine blos
som grown V asked a modiste of a pat
ron;' "then let rne give you a peep into
my .sewing room. You may look anJ
admire and imitate, if you so desire.
/"This is a cherry blossom dresS;**
said she. lifting up a lovely silky look
ing gown which lay upon a chair,
awaiting the finishing touches. "It is
built of glossy linen, in a pale shade of
pink. It is for a piazza and promenade
dress, and it is meant to wash.
-"The tubbable gown, judging by the
way the patrons order, is certainly the
popular one of this year." said she,
"and with the increased facilities for
tubbing properly all gowns can be put
'Jjrdugh the process without destroying
them. This one in particular washes
like a raz.
"The skirt is cut with nine gores, and
it is made the fashionable length, which
is very long all the way around, front
as ¦well as back. To flt the'sklrt the
woman who Is to wear it stood upon a
thick bock. The skirt was then turned
up Just even with the floor in the front
and long enough to trail In th« back.
This Is the best war to get the new
and very fashionable length.
Finishing the Skirt.
The skirt, as you see. Is then trim
tned with little hanging white , cro
cheted drops which were sewed on a
few inches apart. These are . cotton ,
drops very washable and not very ex-
11
THE CHERR
BLOSSOM
GOWNI have noticed that those who fol
low the profession of dancing have
generally excellent health, which they
often enjoy to extreme old age. Thij
fact can only be accounted for bv tha
exercise used in dancinj. which lays
a firm foundation for good and lasting
health. Among a rude and dissolute
people dancing may perhaps degener
ate into something worthy of condem
nation, but all the blessings we have
are similarly liable to abuse and we
have no more right to condemn danc
ing on account of its abuses than any
of our other recreations.
DANCING, properly taught and
practiced, is the best safeguard
against the evils of overmen tal
exertion to which many are sub
ject. It harmonizes the motions of
the body so as to produce habits of
graceful: ease upon all occasions and
it J has very decided effects, directly
and indirectly, upon the mind by mak
ing the $ body, a healthy' and Vigorous
organ for the mind's development and
by inculcating the practice of courtesy
arid politeness Indirectly induces Its vo
taries to [adopt those habits of self
denial and* self-restraint which are so
necessary, to civilized society.
It' Is ' physical education » in Its most
refined form./ When early> employed
its good effects are readily shown and
under - its influence • the awkwardness
and rudeness so often found in young
persons ' . give place to v habits of ele
gance and propiety.
If children desire to dance place them
under proper instructors and allow
them / to continue ; the* desired attain
ment: To the", deprivation [6t innocent
amusement ; in youth \ niaar of tetf be" Jit-
methods for the young men and women
of his country, coupled with respect for
the Inherited national traditions and
culture.
' The Western members of the order
who are living in India give their time
wholly, receiving no moneyed return for
thieir expert work as Educationists.
These same' workers also collected the
means abroad which enables them to
live, - but far more simply than any
members of. a ' university settlement
could do here. "...
No person should go to India without
the means. of returning or of self-sup
port while there. • Having. learned that
one poor . California woman landed in
Calcutta, her only .qualification, being
her ldtentlon to; teach Indian women
"how to lay a. table*'— hot knowing that
Indians do not necessarily sit at table—
and that other .women equally . poor
wish to follow, her/ will you kindly
give this note place, to inform these
and others that only . In ; this . country
can they find teachers related to Swaml
Vivekananda whose''. time is* free .to
teach : or serve * f orelghers! ' Very : sln-^
cerely, SARA C. BULL. .
(Mrs.; Ole Bull, .Cambridge, Mass.)
By Prof. Minman
] By Mrs. pie Bull
* LONGEVITY IN THE DIZZY WALTZ
MISGUIDED PILGRIMS TO INDIAN
TO persons interested in the teach
ings of the late Swaml Vivekan
anda and his brothers, I would
say that students have better
opportunities for studying the Vedanta
as interpreted by them here In this
country than they could have In India.
The order there cannot receive guests
nor give time as teachers to foreigners.
They are actively busy in different
pails of the country, -working where
famine, plague or trouble make their
services needed, and it is to be re
meir.l>ered that Sannyatins in India
live "upon charity.
Such charity as they receive from
their own people would not make life
endurable to any Western man " or
woman. A strip of cotton cloth, a
handful of rice, cooked or uncooked,
with broken bits of food begged from
door to door, and sometimes requiring
a half day to secure sufficient fpr a
meal— this is not the kind of life to
make a stranger unacquainted with
th*» customs and languages of that
great country happy or even grateful.
¦JS! ¦¦¦iBWM"'ITIin*"^»*- - ¦ffnlliail jU^llJllMilMliiilrt I SIIISlliiM
organization of the force will take
time to complete, but there is no rea
son to doubt that it will proceed on
these broad lines. The natural base
of this fleet Is the Philippines. Men
tion has been made elsewhere of a
naval depot at Subig Bay, and It may
be added as a matter of the first Im
portance that the maintenance of our
force In the Philippines and Its readi
ness for use are largely dependent upon
a naval base and dockyard at this
point The battleships and cruiser di
vision of this fleet made at the very
end of 1903 a. successful and memorable
cruise to Honolulu, and after a short
rest returned to their oVn cruising
grounds. This cruise tested the sea
keeping qualities of the units In an un
usual degree, and It is gratifying to
know that both battleships and cruis
ers — even the low freeboarded Oregon
— came out of the trial unscathed.
Six cruisers of an Improvised Olym
pia type and four cruisers of the scout
type are needed on this station. Of
these two are available and two must
be provided. The commander in chief
of the fleet recommends that two ves
sels, small gunboats or large launches,
be built and assigned for service in
Chinese rivers for the protection of our
Interests in such places as our pres
ent gunboats cannot reach, owing to
their draught. Other nations have
vessels of this description In Asiatio
waters, and as American interests in
China are expanding it will be wise t»
provide the small and Inexpensive
types suggested.
In addition to the vessels regularly
assigned to the various stations other
craft have been employed In Important
duties. The first destroyer flotilla ha*
undertaken a long voyage to the Phil
ippines, by way of the Canaries, Gib
raltar, Mediterranean, Sues, Red Sea
and so onward across the Indian
Ocean. A curious and inexplicable ef
fort was made to Interfere with this
cruise, but wiser counsels have pre
vailed,, and our officers will therefore
enjoy a new experience and have an
opportunity of comparing their craft
with foreign- destroyers that have ac
complished equally long and sever*
journeys. It must be said In con
clusion that most of this material has
been taken from the official report of
the Chief of the Bureau of Navigation,
and that its text has been largely
used. No attempt has been made to
Indicate the names of the ships shown
in the chart, bul their number and
location may be accepted as correct.
sea service and two vessels for river
work, allowing^one of each type to be
absent for repairs. Culebra Island has
hitherto been Its headquarters, : but
Guantanamo ' has finally been chosen
as its primary base and as a perma
nent^ dockyard. With this' position well
defended by fortifications, it is unlike
ly that strong works will be needed at
Culebra.
The coast squadron was organized
on May 19, 1903, and is composed uf
the battleship Texas, the monitors Ar
kansas, Nevada and Florida and a flo
tilla of five deatrc-yers. This force is
to constitute one of the principal ele
ments In the general strategic plan and
will be used 'primarily for the defense
of our coast and secondarily as a re
serve to strengthen our principal fleet
in the West Indies. It is Intended that
this squadron shall be composed of
powerful ships, like the three new
monitors, which, though formidable in
battle, are not designed for distant
cruising or continuous foreign duty.
It Is to be regularly based upon Key
West and its vicinity, as this is a con
venient central position with reference
to the Atlantic coast, the Gulf of Mex
ico and the West ' Indies. The ships
of this squadron find, active employ
ment during the summer months as
a training division for the Naval Acad
emy. The increased number of mid
shipmen makes it necessary to have
a large practice squadron, and the use
of an active cruising force for this
purpose has already proved beneficial.
The midshipmen become familiar with
the. routine and customs of a regular
squadron, and tills, it Is hoped, will
make them more quickly available upon
graduation for entering upon the ardu
ous duties of their profession. This is
most desirable, because* the present
lack of commissioned officers enables
midshipmen to assume at once posi
tions of considerable responsibility. • ;
The training squadron, consisting of
certain vessels that cruise actively,
was organized in July. 1902. It Is in
dependent of the North Atlantic fleet
and has been formed not for maneu
vering and tactical exercises, but for
convenience of administration. Under
the old system ships were left largely
to their individual devices, uniformity
of method being secured. in some de
gree by general regulations and regu
lar inspections.
This system had sortie success when
the number of men in the navy was
insignificant; but with several thou
sand under training at one-time It is
Impracticable to supervise the details
and insure- energy and uniformity '. of
effort \ through:: the personal superin
tendence oft the bureau of navigation.
The cruises are to extend < over a - pe
rlqd>of two or three- months, and at
stated Intervals in the year.Uhe t ships
will Delimited [t of J general/ drill. \* This
squadron has its base In Hampton
Roads.
The irregular character of this
force and-the diverse types of ships of
which it is composed are undesirable.
Economy, indicates^: that we should
have a number of vessels similar •, in
class and size, capable of being used
as training ships • in ¦ peace and -\ as
cruisers' in war. True economy must
be - furthered by building a . type 'o'f
IV.
Pacific Waters.
The Pacific station requires a cruiser
squadron, and this should consist of
two divisions, each having four ves- .
sels. Hitherto it has not been found
practicable to employ more than four
ships actively cruising in these waters.
The extent of this station and our in
terests in the Pacific make it imprac
ticable to carry on the work properly
with less than the two divisions indi
cated. It is not intended that these
shall interchange with other squadrons
as frequently as in the Atlantic, but it
is deemed advisable that one division
of four cruisers , should from time to
time visit the west coast of South
America, and when practicable inter
change with the South Atlantic squad
ron at the Straits of Magellan. It Is
also probable that a division of this
squadron will occasionally interchange
with the cruiser division of the Asiatic
fleet, meeting for that purpose at a
convenient rendezvous off Honolulu or
among the Aleutian Islands. Prepared
ness for war demands that this habit
of mobility should become nearly auto
matic. Some objections have been
raised that squadrons will not remain
long enough on any one station, and
therefore fail to become familiarly ac
quainted with it. This defect must,
however, be borne with for the greater
good that results from acquiring "the
habit of mobility."
The vessels assembled in Asiatic
waters have been for nearly six years
actively employed in very trying du
ties. Owing to patent reasons the
force has grown to such a size that
it had to be organized in 1902 into a
fleet with three divisions, the general
situation apparently demanding a bat
tleship squadron, a cruiser squadron
and a squadron of small vessels. This
III.
Foreign Divisions.
The South Atlantic squadron con
sists? of a few ships utterly unlike in
design and unequal in possibilities.
Our interests in these waters are al
ways important and the little group
stationed there should be increased.
The least number of cruisers desirable
is six. four of a scout cruiser type and
two improved Olympias. Of the cruis
ers now In service and building three
could be spared for the station, thus
leaving only three to be provided. In
the development of the fleet this force
would be assigned to the South At
lantic^ station during peace for pur
poses of tactical drills and 'incidentally
to watch American interests in that
•region. In case of war it could be
united with other squadrons in the
West Indies, thus forming a fleet of
considerable strength.
' The latest official ' announcement is
that th*e various squadrons are at set
periods to interchange duties, and it is
reported that the European and South
Atlantic scuadrons are to exchange
stations at the completion of the
winter maneuvers in the Carribean.
This will be better news to the South
Atlantic officers and men than to the
Mediterranean cruisers. It must be
confessed that of late the letter's em
ployment has not been all skittles and
beer, owing to the difficulties at Bey
rout. '
The European squadron consists of
a small division, its principal strength
being centered In the flagship. . '
The official plan contemplates the as
signment to this important station of
The South Atlantic station begins at
the southern limits of the European
and embraces all the Atlantic coasts
of Africa and South America and ex
tends to the seventieth degree of east
longitude, north to the equator — that
is, beyond and around the Cape of
Good Hope.
The Asiatic station takes in the east
coast of Africa (excluding the waters
of the South Atlantic), the Indian
Ocean, China Seas and the Pacific
Ocean east of 170 degrees west. In
this area are situated the navy yards
at CavJte, Manila, the station at Subig
Bay and the storehouse and hospital
in Yokohama, Japan. Roughly speak
ing, its waters Include nearly one-half
of the naval cruising area, thus shar
ing with the Pacific in a close equal
ity about twelve-sixteenths of the
zones subjected to naval protection.
Of the remainder South America has
about two-sixteenths and the North
Atlantic and European about one-six
teenth each. Rejecting the water
spaces of the world not of necessity
subjected to the visits of war. ves
sels, more than one hundred millions
of square miles demand the protection
of the navies. If official reports be ac
cepted our contribution to this police
duty Is inadequate In size and illogical
in composition.
to 170 degrees west longtitude and
south to some point not specially desig
nated in consequence of the^ extension
of the Asiatic station, after the war
with Spain. Within its limits are lo
cated the navy yards at Bremerton,
Wash., and Mare Island, Cal., and the
coal depots at Pichilinque, in Lower
California, at Tutuila, Samoa, and at
Hawaii, together with a naval station
on the island of that name.
The European station embraces the
coasts of Europe, the Mediterranean
on both shores and the African coast
as far south as St. Paul de Loando;
thence diagonally westward to the
junction of the equator and the forty
fifth degree of west longitude, this
meridian separating it from the North
Atlantic. Formerly there was a store
house within 1 these limits, and a soft
berth it afforded, but It has been aban
doned.
The battleship squadron thus forms
a nucleus around which may be gath
ered the other units to assist as occa
sion demands in special duties or in
the maneuvers and" tactical -exercises
which now form a part of our regular
winter and summer programme.
The Caribbean squadron, created .in
October, 1902, is intended to provide
a force in Caribbean waters which can
proceed quickly to . points demanding
protection for American interests.
Prompt action is more thoroughly pro
vided for, it is believed, by the pres
ence of a flag officer, who may of his
own Initiative -investigate difficulties
and enter into consultation with the
authorities of the somewhat difficult
countries that border on the Caribbean.
The number of cruisers needed in this
squadron is set down as eight, five of
which should be Improved Olympias,
and three be vessels of light draught
specially constructed for river service,
but capable of keeping the sea. This
w>.uld provide at all times a division
or squadron of four cruisers" for. active
character of the existing fleets and
squadrons and makes' many pertinent
suggestions upon the actual force that
we should assemble in the various seas
of the world. Our actual squadrons
and what they should be, according
to his judgment, are set down in the
chart accompanying the article. Be
ginning with the North Atlantic sta
tion, he points out that this force
was in 1903 expanded into a fleet con
sisting of the battleship squadron un
der a rear admiral, commander in
chief: of the Caribbean squadron un
der a rear admiral, and of the coast
squadron, also under a rear admiral.
The flag officers commanding these
two latter mentioned - squadrons are
subject to^ the orders of the com
mander in chief of the fleet.
In his report for 1903 Rear Admiral
H. C. Taylor, U. S. N., describes the
North Atlantic Coast.
I.
Cruising Stations.
THE United Slates assigns its
cruising force to five geographi
cal divisions, and It is interest-
Ing to recall that their official
boundaries have varied but little in
many years. It is true fr&at the desig
nations have from time to time been
modified, and some old names, familiar
once as household words, have disap
• jteaixd. Beyond this the navy, that
most conservative of all executive
bodies, has not ventured.
. " To carry out effectively all the duties
. of police, neutrality, protection, explor
. ation and training our armed forces
afloat are assembled on the following
etations: First, the North Atlantic;
second, the Pacific; third, the Euro
pean; fourth, the South Atlantic, and
• fifth, the Asiatic.
The limits of the North Atlantic ex
tend from the east coast of North
America to the forty-fifth degree of
'•west longtitude. or to about the meri
dian of the Grand Banks, and from any
indefinite north latitude to the equator,
and thence in a diagonal line westward
along the northeastern coast of South
America. "Within this area, but not
under Us control, are the navy yards
of Portsmouth, N. H.; Boston, New
York, League Island, Norfolk, Charles
, ton, S. C., and Pensacola, and the naval
. etations at Newport, New London,
BeatifOrt, Key West and Algiers, La.
In addition there are various coal de
pots, one notably on Narragansett Bay,
and another on the Dry Tortugas. It
Is curious to note here, as an obiter
dictum, that the actual location of each
Eastern navy yard has a title quite
. different from its official designation.
Portsmouth Yard Is in Kittery, Me.;
Boston Yard is in Charleston; New
York Navy Yard Is in Brooklyn; Nor
folk Navy Yard is in GoEport, a suburb
of Portsmouth, Va., and Pensacola
Yard is in Warrington.
The Pacific station includes the Pa
cific coasts of North and South Amer
ica. North of the equator it extends
"* BY COMMANDER J. D. JERROLD KELLEV, U. S. ,N. #
training vessels that will have an all
around usefulness. Eight such ves
sels are required and they should be
of the same size as the San Francisco,
with a sea speed of sixteen knots and
a large coal endurance, but with such
reductions in armament as will enable
them to berth a large number of men.
cruisers belonging to the general type
before mentioned. Six of these vessels
should be provided, four of which
should cruise together for tactical and
squadron work, one be used for visit
ing distant, and minor ports of the sta
tion and one be under repairs.
• It is important to keep all these At
lantic squadrons at a proper strength*
so when gathered Into a fleet the rear
rangement found necessary last winter
at Culebra, owing to the heterogene
ous character of the mobilized ships,
may not be imperative before any se
rious work can begin.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALE.
UNCLE SAM ON THE WATCH
Such charity as can be spared la
more than needed at home by deserv
ing householders, aged and sick, in
want through no fault of their own.
The friends and workers organized by
Swam I Vivekananda there to meet
these needs often deny themselves
necessary food or comforts essential to
health.
Such amounts as are given to them
for various kinds of charity cannot be
dispensed otherwise, and they have no
fund to call upon for hospitality. When
guests present themselves,* therefore,
deprivation follows for those who
should keep well for .the sake of their
work on behalf of others.
The order has generously spared very
able men to this country. Any- poor
person wishing to assist the poor In
India through this order can best do
so by earning the means ' here. This
they cannot do In India.*
It should be remembered .. that Vive
kananda felt above all things the need'
of modern education and scientific
tributed the excesses of later years.
The excitement of music makes the
soldier's mind work; with his body,
is the natural way, and gives
more strength # than when the body
moves in one direction and the mind
In another. This law applies to all
labor. Attractive exercise does not
weary us like that which is repugnant
or uninteresting, hence it is that danc
ing proves so valuable in the line of
exercise, without producing exhaustion
or excessive fatigue. Gymnastics de
velop power of muscles, give skillful
ness and courage, invigorate health
and amplify boldness, but they make
the movements rough ,and impress the
character with . a certain daring au
dacity.
In an effort to regain for the Ameri
cans the reputation cf being the best
dancing nation on earth, the American
Society of Professors in Dancing ap
plied to the faculties of some of the
colleges, as the members all agreed
that the college students were respon
sible in a greater decree for the utter
demoralization of the time honored
waltz on account of the eagerness of
different colleges to institute a pecu
liarity which might be all their own.
There is the Harvard glide, the Yale
step, the Cornell swing and many
other departures from the true
waltz. If a person Is reSned, has a
love for the pure and beautiful, a per
fect knowledge of the art of waltzing,
there is no more occasion for immod
esty than In taking one's arm in walk-
Ing; yet the fact remains that many
who . dance \ have never learned the
true art of waltzing.
12The Fighters
This" -machine, which. has just been
built for experimental purposes for the
British * army,' ia.fully, armored and
comes td; a* point i'at each end. It I is
armed with rapid-fire i^guris; and can
caxry a dozen men. '
The buildincs vvere erected by Jey
Sin? II. IiaJah of Jeypore, in 1127 A. H.,
or 1724 A. D. He was an engineer,
mathematician and an astronomer. He
constructed on his own plan conserva
tories at Jeypore, Benares, Ujjaln,
rftlhi and Muttra.
to pdnt to the north poles. There are
also a double mural quadrant, ah equa
torial circle of stone,' a chakroyantra,
between two walls (used in finding the
declination of a planet or star), and a
dlgansayantra, to find the azimuth of
a planet or star.
Cir.s:. It is not under cover. The In
struments have been allowed to get
much out of repair ar.d many of them
are now quite useless, it being impos-
Eible. even to guess what purpose they
served in the wonderfully accurate ob
uerv-ations and calculations of their in
ventor; but dials, gnomons, quadrants,
etc.. Btil! remain of great Interest to
stone and the other of cement — and a
stone square, used perhaps for ascer
taining- the shadow of the gnomon and
the measurement of the azimuth. Next
the Tantracament will be seen; the wall
of which Is 36 feet long ajid i% feet
broad, and is set In " the plane of the
meridian. One end is 6 feet 4*^' inches
high and the other 22 feet 3% inches In
high, and it slopes gradually up, so as
e-fcecially for courier, searchlight and
freight service. Staff officers collecting
reports have traveled 100 miles in a
day. In another instance an auto train
transported ten tons of forage fifty
miles in a single day, saving two days'
time j over similar work by thirty-six
horses. In time of war the military
authorities look to requisitioning au
tomobiles, and an officer of rank says:
"The ; state has the greatest interest
in the rational development of mechan
ical traction "on- ordinary roads, and
should devise means to persuade manu
facturers to build, and citizens to pos
sess, vehicles not ' only suitable for
commercial needs, but also able to ren
der good .military service." " -
.An outgrowth of this Idea is the Au
tomobile Volunteer Corps, organized In
1902 in Great Britain. It has received
the Banctidn of -the^ British War OfSce,
six hundred and forty, miles in ten
days.
. The fortunate condition of the United
States as regards draft animals ren
ders automobilism a matter that can
be safely deferred as a standard equip
ment until commercial needs have de
veloped automobiles simpler In form,
more reliable In action, and more econ
omical in use than they are at present.
Nevertheless, there should be timely
provision along the lines followed by
the German army, for it should be re
membered that 'military transportation
is done by the wholesale in Germany.
In the 1901 maneuvers there were mov
ed over one railroad in two days with
out materially Interfering with the reg
ular passenger traffic, 58.000 men, 5200
horses, 228 wagons and 590 tons of bag
gage. Much of this will be done by
automobiles hereafter. HJ.
Evidence has been collected recently
which shows- that the bluethroat files
from Central Africa ' to the shores of
the North Sea, a distance of 1600 miles,
in less than a day and a night, and
making. It, moreover, in one uninter
rupted flight. .
The storks, which spend their -sum
mers in Austria-Hungary and ..their
winters in India and Central Africa,
are also marvelous travelers, and make
. No living thing, not even a scared
jackrabbit, can travel with the speed
displayed :by such birds as the stork
and the northern bluethroat, says the
New York Sun.. Not only do. these
birds. fly with a speed that can hardly
be conceived, but they keep up their
rapid flight for one or two thousand
miles at a stretch without apparently
tiring.
Here is a case for the psychologists.
An English woman's dream has led to
the recovery by Cardiff chief constable
of the body of a man missing since last
December. The case had puzzled de
tectives and they were willing to take
up with any clew even though it hung
on so frail a thread as a dream. They
remembered the recorded case of
Wheeler, who last summer dreamed
that he saw a man drowning at the
Crystal Palace. So- Impressed was ho
chat in the morning wh.:o talking the
matter over with his wife he made a
rough sketch of the scene he had pic
tured. While at breakfast he was
summoned to the palace to drag the
lake' for the body of a man who had
fallen in and been drowned.. He brought
his sketch and the body was found
In the exact spot designated. -
A dream saved the life of Mathcw
True Dreams
¦Speed of Storks
THE accompanying photographic
' view of the observatory at Jey
pore, India, appears in the Popu
lar Astronomy, having been fur
nished by Miss Etta Moulton, a
graduate of Carleton College, Minn.,
now a missionary in India. Facts re
garding this observatory, as obtained
by Miss Moulton. are given in the fol
lowing paragraphs:
The observatory at Jeypore *vas built
by the celebrated ruyal astronomer, Jey
Jey Sing was chosen by Mahammad
Shah to reform the calendar. From
his astronomical observations tables
were constructed which were more cor
rect than those of De la Hire.
One Instrument In the picture is the
mural quadrant. It is a wall, 11 feet
high and 9 feet 1*4 Inches broad, in the
plane of the meridian. By this means
are ascertained the sun's altitude and
zenith distance and its greatest decli
nation and the latitude of the place.
There are two large circles — one o:*
questions frankly in order to avoid sus
picion;'" - •
.":.,.. T.lfe ;' original receipts for goods
bought abroad should be saved as far
'as possible. Each person Is entitled to
brin& in fifty cigars or three hundred
cigarettes for his own use. All cigars'
and cigarettes in excess of this num
ber and less than 3000 are liable to seiz
ure. \ Failure to declare articles will
render them liable to confiscation and
the tourist to criminal prosecution. In
case passengers are dissatisfied with
the values- placed upon -dutiable goods,
they may demand a re-examination.
Government officials are forbidden by
law to accept anything but currency
in payment of duties. It is unlawful
for- customs officers to receive any tip
or gratuity, and to offer the same is
a violation of j law. A returning citizen
is entitled to bring with him, free of
duty, all the personal effects taken
abroad with him, and in addition arti
cles purchased abioad' not exceeding in
value $100. Such articles must be for
the use of the person bringing them In.
and not for, sale. To prevent the use of
this privilege as a cloak for smuggling,'
customs officials are instructed to in
quire in regard to the actual ownership
of the goods. Either the- presence of
an unusual amount of any class of
highly dutiable merchandise, or fre
quent and hasty journeys, is sufficient
to raise thepresumption of bad. faith.
Such cases" will be subject to most
careful scrutiny . and prosecution.
Household effects may be brought in
and lapis-Iazuli, its wonderful figured
bronze doors, its colossal monolithic
columns of Finnish granite, surmount
ed by the golden dome which gleams
like the sun over the city and sur
roundings, is exceedingly impressive in
its simple grandeur. Its striking
equestrian statue of Peter the Great
rearing over the serpent on the rough
bowlder, the more ornate and less ef
fective pededtal of Nicholas, the ma
jestic Alexander shaft facing the Win
ter Palace on- the one hand and ths
buildings of the general staff on the
other, all add to the picturesque fea
tures of the capital. — Saturday. Evening
Post.
toward the empty ,blue. He looked
back nervously over his trail,'.; sniffed
the air, waved his ears inquiringly.
The more he found nothing to warrant
his uneasiness the more his uneasiness
grew. It 1 was as If death, following far
off but relentlessly, had sent- a grim
menace along the windings of the trail.
Something like a panic came into the
dilating eyes of the big bull. He turned
toward the fir forest, at a walk which
presently broke, into a shambling, rapid
trot; and presently he disappeared
among the somber and shadowy col
onnades. — Metropolitan Magazine.
MERICA, England, France, Ger
/ I many, Italy and Russia, the last
r*1 five particularly. have - been
X making recent and extensive
tests with automobiles for war pur
poses, with interesting results.
Germany, for instance, has developed
one of the automobile wonders of the
age. It is a hundred horsepower ma
chine, the immensity and strength of
which may be guessed, even by the
layman, when It is realized that the
usual pleasure motor vehicle only
averages from ten to twenty horse
power.
During recent French maneuvers au
tomobiles have been extensively used,
which has agreed to allow the members
$7 50 per day when on service. In time
of war they will be expected to placs
themselves and their cars, fully
equipped* for home duty as couriers,
patrols, etc. Rudyard Kipling and a
number of other notables are included
in the corps.
Russia renewed its experiments at
its last army maneuvers with the Bel
gian express motor of six horsepower,
using benzine as fuel, and having an
average speed of thirteen miles per
hour. The roads were very bad and
the ground unfavorable, the chauffeur
being often obliged to take to uncul
tivated fields. Notwithstanding these
conditions, which caused twenty-eight
breakdowns, the machine covered about
Ancient India Observatory j
Giant War Automobiles
For minutes the moose had been thus
pleasantly occupied, when suddenly an
obscure apprehension stirred In his
brain. He- stopped feeding, lifted ,his
head and stood motionless. Only his
big ears moved, turning their wary
interrogations toward every noint of
the compass, and his big- nostrils sus
piciously tested every current of air.
Neither nose nor ear, the must alert
WE who live in the land of
perpetuajsunshlne can have
but little conception of the
excitin? pportg of those who
live in a land of almost per
petual Ice and snow, though during
the past winter it has been the fash
ion among both English and American
men and women of wealth ;ind Jeisiir^;
to visit the Engidine health resorts/of*
Switzerland and witness if not fot-'"
tually take ;>art in the coasting com-.
petition indulged in there.
One of the most popular courses
was the famous "baUledoor and shut
tlecock," a long, winding, exception
ally steep course, with abrupt turns
and a chasm at the end over which
both die toboggan and its rider leaped
like a stone from a catapult. It re
quired rare courage .and a steady
nervcJo avoid a bad spill on the way
ilown.fcind a stout heart, and good
mfisclc* to make the leap at the end,
\\hjch, in the case of a daring Amerir
can, . was sixty feet. Just think of
sailing through the air for that great
distance before landing again in a
great snow bank.
And yet it is said that the women
tourists, particularly the American,
became almost as daring and skillful
as the men. The accompanying pho
tograph of a fair tobogganist snap
shotted while in midair gives some
faint Idea of the excitement and dan
ger of the sport as well as of the
terrific* velocity with which she made
the long leap at the end of ' the
course.
¦-;_¦_:
Scents Danger
As the people of Urbana daily meet
and pass Edward Hunt on the streets
of that city as he goes to and from
his work at a cigar factory, few know
that he is the oldest cigar-maker in
the United States. He has sat at th •
bench fifty-four years. He is. now
past 70 years and has worked at the
trade since he was 16. He has turned
out over 1,350,000 cigars In one factory
In Uubana In his twenty-three years"
connection. He was apprenticed to a
cigar-maker In Trenton, N. J. and still
has the indenture, a curious document
on parchment, naming his wages as
$25 per annum and his board.
peror eives a reception on the Russian
NV\v Year, the season really opens
¦with the blessings of the Neva, six
days latpr. It is a ceremonial of re
ligious significance and social demon
stration. In the Improvised pavilion
on the embankment of the river appear
t}io J^rpperor and the Metropolitan with
thf> gr^at dignitaries of the hier-
BTchy of church and state, the splen
did columns of helmeted and plumed
liant in the world. The court of Vi
enna htfs more of a certain kind of
hauteur acd pretension, but the court
;<t St. FetMsliurg is the moBt gorgeous
.is well £6 the most gracious and grace
fyL It bus a finer art and a more gen
er\>i;s .hospitality. Its refined air and
it« polished perfection might well be
envied and fmulated in capitals of
higher civilization. Though the Em-
The Russian court is the most bril-
Old Cigar Maker
. The prevailing tendency seems to be
to eulogize this young lady with, a
fervor calculated to create Jealousy
among her British sisters. At any rate,
my own feeling is that' the American
girl deserves all she gets. I have jfeen
a good deal of her not only in England,
but on the Continent. She varies, like
the offspring of all nationalities', and
it may ta said of her, as of the little
girl in the nursery rhyme, that "when
she Is bad she is horrid." But at her
best she seems to me to eclipse the
damsels of all other nations. I don't
quite know how she does It, and, not
being a poet, I could not describe the
process If I did. It is not that she
is exceptionally beautiful. But she has
such an irresistible way with her; she
is such an adept In the art of looking
Czar's Grandeur
Americas* Girls
Good horses for the saddle are bring
ing from $300 to $3000 in the East and
nearly as much in Kentucky. Of
course, the top figure named is not
generally paid, but it is surprising the
number of millionaires who want,
horses for saddle purposes and willing
ly offer that amount. Good horses are
hardly to be had at all, to say nothing
of the number that could be sold.
Prices range 25 per cent higher than
obtained one year ago and the verdict
of the leisure class has been rendered.
It is that nothing can compare with
the pleasure to be derived from a
blooded saddle-horse for recreation.
¦ The demand for saddle-horses has
reached a point little dreamed of in tha
East and South. Kentucky is endeav
oring to supply this demand. The
automobile is taking a back seat in
the race and the bicycle is too dead
to be mentioned In the same breath
with the saddle-horse.
gjgg WOMAN'S WONDERFUL LEAP*>
The ventilating shsft leading from
the outside is equipped with an ex
haust fan which drives out the air
slightly faster than it is supplied, so
that the atmosphere within the cu
bicle is partially rarefied. As a rule
the inmate of the cubicle dislikes leav
ing the room because of the difficulty of
breathing the thick, damp air outs!d°.
The cubicles of the oxygen hospital
have been" used '"with such success In
treating tuberculosis that Dr. George
Stoker bellevrs that they ofTer a so
lution of curing the consumptive la
borers of London rnd other congested
cities.— New York Tribune.
The air is first filtered through layers
of cotton to remove the particles of
dust and soot and it is then dried by
being passed through perforated trays
charged with chloride of calcium.
Finally the air is ozonized by means
of an Andriolis tube which is called
into action every five minutes by an
automatic clock.
A crusade against consumption is be
ing carried on with greater impetus
than ever the world over. Fresh air is
the chief feature of the treatment of
the disease. In London, where It is a
long way to the fresh air of the mount
ains, some of the hospitals have estab
lished "consumption houses" where
they manufacture pure air for the spe
cial treatment of consumption. The.
rooms for the patients are made of
glass and wood, six feet six inches Ions,
four feet wide and six feet high, and
stand nine inches from the floor on
blocks. Here the patient spends two
thirds of his time breathing the dry,
pure, rarefied air pumped in from the
outside.
Glass Cure
nice; she Is so witty and good
humored, and she enjoys life so thor
oughly. In short, had I to decide, like
Paris, between the rival charms of a
bevy of modern beauties. I think an
American girl would probably take tha
apple. Consequently I rather envy tha
British peers — whether or not person
ally repulsive — who are able not only
to find American bride3, but handsome
dowries thrown in.— Henry Labouchere
in London Truth.
This stork, as was proved by the
dates, made the journey from Omdur
man to the Austrian country place, a
distance of nearly 3000 miles, at a
speed of more than 100 miles an hour.
their Journeys twice a year in un
broken flight each time.
?rom Budapest, in Hungary, to La
hore, in India, is about 2400 miles in an
air line, and the storks make the jour
ney in twenty-four hours, thus travel
ing at the rate of 100 miles an hour
for the whole distance. The storks
which spend the summer in Central
Europe and the winter in Central Af
rica travel with the same rapidity. •
Slatin Pasha, an Austrian in the ser
vice of the Khedive, and now Governor
of the Central African Province of
Darfur, was for many years a captive
In the hands of the Mahdi and the
Khalifa when the dervishes killed Gor
don and established their empire, now
overthrown, in the Soudan. One day,
at Omdurman, he saw a stork with a
metal band attached to one of its legs.
He caught the bird, and found en
graved upon the band the name of an
old friend in Austria.
He wrote a note to his friends and
tied it to the metal band. When the
stork returned to Austria for the sum
mer the friend saw the letter, caught
the stork and read the message, which
was the first certain assurance that the
outside world received that Slatin was
still alive. /
Chevalier Guards at rest, tens of thou
sands of respectful spectators just be
yond the lines, and all the court look
ing on from the windows of the Winter
Palace. I have seen the Czar standing
for twenty minutes with bared head in
a temperature of zero while, v.here the
thick ice had been cut away for the
purpose, the blessing of the waters in
token of baptism proceeded. — Satur
day Evening Post.
of his sentinels, gave any report of
danger. He looked about, saw noth
ing unusual, and fell again to feeding..
Among, the wild kindreds, as far as
man can judge, there are occasional In
tuitions that' eeem to work beyond the
scope of the senses. It is not ordin
arily so, else would all 'hunting, on the
part of man or of the hunting: beasts, b3
idle. But once ip a while, as if by
some unwilling telepathic, communica
tion from hunter to hunted, or else by
an obscure and only half delivered mes
sage, from* the powers that preside over
the. wild kindreds>a warning of peril
is conveyed to a pasturing creature
while yet the peril is far off and un
revealed. The great moose . found his
appetite all gone. He backed off the
sapling and let its top spring up again
The passenger list of each departing
lino is required to be furnished the
Collector of the Port on the day of
sailing. The circulars, compiled from
this list, are handed* to each passenger.
They explain the rules as to collection
of duty on baggage and tell Just what
is dutiable and what assessable. All
persons on their arrival in the United
States are required to make a declara
tion .under oath of all dutiable articles
obtained, by them, abroad^ This dec
laration Is verified on the pier , by ex
amination on_Jhe .part of inspectors.
Passengers s are warned" to answer all
Uncle Sam, to make things as easy as
can be for the departing tourist, hands
him on the eve of his departure a neat
little envelope, bearing the official seal
of .the 'United States. It is labeled,
'Important Communication.' Read
Carefully.*'
The Hermitage, which Is a modern
edifice of stately staircases* and grand
corridors, follows closely after the chief
galleries ol art in Europe. It is natur
ally strong in examples of Russian art,
and most of the schools .are well repre
sented. It has the finest collection of
Murilloa outside of Spain and of Rem
brandts outside of Holland. The cathe
dral of St. Isaac, with its malachite
The public structures of St Peters
burg are diversified— some of them im
pressive and some of them suggesting
an earlier and eruder period.. The Win
ter Palace, taken altogether, is the
finest 'In Europe. There are two or
three great halls, like the throne room
and St. Andrew's hall, in the Kjremlin
at Moscow, which are unequaled, and
the .bewildering riches of jewels and
robes, arms and carriages, in the treas
ury' of the old capital,' the lavish gifts
of Tartar and Oriental Princes, are un
matched. But in its completeness the
Winter Palace is unrivaled. Its spa
clous proportions have at times housed
many thousands, and its ample walls
are covered with paintings portraying
the history of the .empire and with the
gold plate on' which : " many'municipali
ties, have conveyed breads and' salt to
various monarchs. <• • . - . 7 ..-
• With, almost superhuman energy and
.:?•• iipenoe the Japanese have in
thiity-eijjht years evolved into civilized
efficiency a navy which commenced
with one gunboat, armed with an old
Miiooth-bore 2C-pounder. and three Iron
su srr.ers fitted wl *i masts and spars.
How this has been accomplished is
frilly interesting. In 1S66, at the re
quest of the Japanese G- vernment, six
instructors and six officers, under the
ckarce ' admiral— then commander-
Sir Richard Traoey— left England to
instruct the Japanese In nautical mat
ters. One of this little band still lives
oa the Sussex tvast, in a little seaside
village.
• He says: "I always expected the
"Japanese would excel in naval strat
*Ky, indeed. 1 would rather instruct
fifteen Japanese than three English.
They are wonderfully keen, studious,
•ar.d have a most wonderful gift of ac
quiring knowledge."
• The instructors, u*>on their arrival.
were astounded to find the Japanese
absolutely devoid of knowledge of
things nautical. Saveral self-called
"r.aval authorities had, despite this fact.
conferred upon themselves the title of
adrr.lral, though they had never been
to eea.
• A college— the -'Skeegee College"—
fcr officers and cadets, was founded at
Ttdo, and between thirty and forty
cadets, and thirty seniors, ranging from
25. to 45 years of age, were enrolled.
The Japanese language afforded no
words of command, so it was arranged
to adopt British terms. The classes
¦worked five to six hours dally In the
rr.astery of English, and so great an
enthusiasm prevailed that the embryo
efficers begged for time out of hours in
¦which to fit themselves for the discus
sion of English subjects outside the
co-lege curriculum.
At the time the Japanese were much
averse tc the visits on their shores of
.foreigners: therefore to insure the
'safety of the instructors the "Skeegee
College** organized in secret a guard
¦of honor for them, but it was not until
.they left, some time later, that they
.learned that whenever they went out
•each individual was closely followed by
three soldiers armed with a short
sword, used for etabbing at close quar
ters, and a double-handed sword, which
•in the hands of Japanese was a most
.'formidable weapon.
Czar's • Pal ace
Japan's Navy
Klrkland, a Canadian collier, who
dreamed he saw the cage of coal fall
to the bottom of the shaft, and saw
the men in it thrown out and killed. He
described his dream to his wife and she
persuaded Kim to remain at home that
day. Within an" hour after work had
Et&rted the cage crashed down the
shaft,, killing all its occupants in the
exact manner. he. had dreamed.
What is the color line?
It is an imaginary line drawn from
the Tuscaloosa Institute to the White
House dining-room. — Life.
Operating for appendicitis, writing
advertisement poetry, and going out on
strike.
According to the last census,, what
wa» the total population?
About seventy millions.
And how are these divided ?
Into thirty-four million females and
the rest Presidential candidates.
Oh, yes. When squeezed, it yields
water enough to make good circus
lemonade.
What are the principal trades of the
United States?
Does this yield anything?
In the North, to furnish new educa
tional systems.
.What are the principal industries of
the inhabitants of the United States?
They grow trusts, buy stocks on mar
gin, and manufacture South American
revolutions.
How is the trust crop grown?
By magnates and the common people.
What is a magnate?
Almost any dishonest man who has
money enough to keep out of jail.
And when the common people have
gathered the trust crop, how are they
paid? »
In common stock.
r __3-^ & ¦¦ H A>r ar * tne princl
jl^^^^^^^*i pal products of tho
li^K^^K'/vB Unlted State3?
4W/n»l/?I Historical novels
twf l£? II anc^ n «alth food'
fn^^K/j^tt)y "SVhat other neces-
Uujie^J-iMB^JSia sltles of life - are
raised?
Kentucky. rye and Scotch high balls.
Where is the Corn Belt located?
It extends from the Chicago Ex
change to Trinity Church In "Wall
street. " • ?
Does the climate vary mucM in differ
ent parts of the Union?
* Yes.
What ls'the mean temperature?
Where Uncle Russell Sage happens to
be.- . .* ¦• . } ' ..- ..; ¦ ;
"What Is considered to be the hottest
region in the country 7
Zion City.
And the coldest?
John D. Rockefeller's safe deposit
vault.
What . common product Is raised In
the same "proportions all over the
country?
Babies. .
I Are there any exceptions to thlsT
Tes. Xewport aod South Dakota.
What ar* these babies used for?
In the South, to run the factories.
A Catechism of Civics
free of duty. If used abroad for not leas
than a year.
The law expressly forbids the Impor
tation Into the United States of gar
ments made In whole or In part of the
skins of prohibited fur seals, and unless
the owner Is able to establish by com
petent .evidence that the garment was
purchased prior to December 29, 1897,
or that the animal from which the skin
was taken was captured elsewhere
than I in prohibited, waters, entry will
not ; be allowed. Tourists who desire
to take** sealskin garments abroad
should have them registered with the
Collector before leaving.
THE SCRAP BOOK PAGE
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL\
Tourists' Woes
Horses in Vogue
13
"AN EASTER
OFFERING."
A Beautiful Colored Art
Plibto^raph by Tonnes-
sen^ne of 'His Best
Creations-— Will Be
given >- free —
with the Next
Sunday Call
Easter Edi-
tion.
DIVINE CHILD
WITH THE
ST. JOSEPH LILIES
Watch for the Beautiful
Colored Art Photo-
graphic Supplement
— A Genuine Ton-
nessen — - f ree —
with the Next
V- Sunday Call
Easter Edi-
iVtion.In the Russian army, tests were- made
a few years ago to ascertain the value
of marching ' songs, and the results so
confirmed ; Lord Wolseley's dictum that
the regulations .now decree that- regi
ments '; on march , and In , advancing • to
charge shall sing national songs. In
the Austrian maneuvers ; of -1900 ; Gen
eral Kryanowsky made a 'Curious ex
periment as to the use of ; songs as a
means ) of :• locating I the ; position of the
battalions of an army, corps. He di
rected each division to learn a different
.war,' or, folk, song, and ' to sing It' when
attacked I or going ¦ into • action. Thus
from the music, the headquarters-staff
was able to discover at a distance what
battalions were, under fire and attacked
by^ the "enemy. " " ' ; y
composition ever promulgated," de
clared Carlyle. But it Is notable that
all truly national songs have had such
lucky births; they have been written,
like the "Marseillaise," by amateurs in
fits 'of spontaneity. An otherwise un
known : German schoolmaster, named
Wilhclm, S wrote and * composed "Die
Wacht am Rheln." This, not the
"Hymn to the Kaiser," was the "sol
diers' song" during the war against
France.
.Italy received- its Garibaldian Hymn
in the same spontaneous way. Its au
thorship is entirety unknown;: probably
it was written by some patriot In Gari
baldi's army with the simple object
of giving his comrades a tuneful and
lively, song to cheer the march. But it
won the ear and touched. the heart of
Italy, Tand is more truly national than
the anthem since officially composed
and adopted by the - Government.
Again, in the ' American Civil War, the
song of the troops was not the official
ly national "Hail, Columbia," but the
much ' more simple and thrilling
John Brown's body lies raolderlnr In Un gnur*.
And wo go marching: on.
In the Japanese army it Is the cus
tomer for the, soldiers v to sing as they
go . Into battle ; and : rush to the charge.
The practice was remarked " during the
operations of the allied powers against
Peking. Their favorite song is the
"Kimi iGayo," or national anthem,
.which -has .been Englished as follows:
May our Lord's dominion last
' Till * thousand years have passed
Twlca foqr thousand times o'ertold!
: Firm as chamceiess • rock, earth-footed.
Moss of acts uncomputed.
But , the popular song ' of r the war was
a , pathetic doggerel describing : a sol
dier's dying message to his home; and
at times every camp was filled with tht
doleful, yet . truly tender, refrain-*
Break the new* to moth»r;
Tell her that I loved few.
You bav« all »ot to bar* '*rn,
: Wh«tb«r you want '•m or no.
IN adopting an official marching
song for the British army, the War
Office has the support of modern
¦- military experts and immemorial
custom. . Music has always played a
great part in fighting, and I^ord Wolse
ley declares that "troops that sing as
they march will not only " reach their
destination more quickly and in better
fighting condition- than those who
.march in silence, but, inspired by -the
music and words of national songs,
will feel that self-confidence , which Is
the mother of victory-" But whether
Tommy Atkins will take kindly to the
song composed for him may be doubt
ed. Such things do not come about by
order and decree. The British soldier
Is musical only in a limited degree. _
Nor are the songs sung martial or
national. There Is no record that "God
Save the King" or even the' more stir
ring "Rule Britannia" has ever been
sung by our' troops as a battle song.
At Waterloo and in the Crimea there
are stories of regiments breaking forth
with the rousing, "British, Grenadiers."
But Tommy's real favorites ! are senti
mental ditties of the order of "The Girl
I Left Behind Me." Thaf has. been
sunjj more often by British soldiers
as their hymn before action than any
other song. The tune was- formerly
known as "Brighton Camp," and, dat
ing from 1640 ,in Ireland, came to Eng
land about a century ago. In the Boer
war" Tommy solaced himself; with
music-hall songs, and that a more
seemly composition, produced under
the" aegis and with the approval of the
War. Office, will supplant them may be
more doubted. When the British
soldier is fighting he fights bo stiffly
that the Inevitable . reaction . turns his
thoughts .'to ' homely' sentiment.; In
more than i one* veldt *, engagement he
was seen and heard pinging bullets Into
the Boer, lines i to the vocal accompani
ment, not of a lofty, patriotic measure,
but with the philosophic assurance—
The British navy has a .treasury of
seasonga, which require no official ad
dition, in a sense, Indeed, Charles bib
din, was the subsidized writer of songs
for the admiralty. His naval ditties
were so influential in assisting recruit
ing for the navy in the busy times of
the. eighteenth century that the Gov
ernment gave him a pension of £200 a
year. But there is only, one national
hymn which is also an' accepted war
song. That is] the glorious "Marseil
laise," Vthe sound of * which," wrote
Carlyle, "will make the blood In
men!s veins and ; whole -armies and as
semblages will sing It v with eyes Sweep
ing and burning, with hearts defiant of
Death, Despot and Devil." : How Rou
get de l'lsle, an Insignificant captain of
the volunteers, marching to oppose the
Duke of Brunswick's Invading army,
heard a comrade regret that" the sol
diers had no battle-song, and . there
upon returned, to his garret and under
sudden Inspiration wrote the "Marseil
laise," is history. "Luciciest , musical
. This is a country of regulations and
respect tor rule is very high. When
a thing is determined by regulation
that is the way In which it must be
done or not at all. For Instance, take
cabling. The telegraphs of Japan are
owned by the Government. For, years
it was the rule that all messages must
Le prepaid. No arrangement for send
ing messages collect was possible. Con
sequently when a newspaper sent a
man here to cable stories he had to
tiave a credit large enough to enable
him to put down the money for every
message he sent.
It is always the same. Before the
campaign actually begins there Is
enough expenditure of effort and nerv
ous ecergy to take a regiment through.
Then you go and promptly find that
you have wasted most of the strength
£c tmt forth. You throw away a good
share of the kit you have contrived
ivith so much labor, thought and ex
pe'ftse/and settle down to the unavoid
able hardship and discomfort, and are
u mazed to find that in some way you
get your work done, not as well per
haps as you had planned to do it, cer
tainly not as conveniently, but never-
Jiieless done.
TOKIO. Japan, Feb. 18.
y""^r OING to war has various phases,
f / come of them amusing as well
WT as strenuous, and not at all dan-
V^" gerous. except to tempers.
Official War Time Marching Song's
movements might have been justly
construed by Russia as unfriendly acts,
and have precipitated what both side*
then professed to be. hoping by diplo-
matic means to avoid.
But the declaration of war removed
that reason. Up to the time the cor-
respondents here had been unable to^
obtain any^hins definite from any of-
ficial source as to what their move-
ments would be, or when they would
be allowed to move at all. It finally
was said that there were no regula-
tions to govern the correspondents,
That led to the information that In
due time such regulations - would' be
issued. Meantime" the correspondents
possessed their souls in' what peace
they could, and worried about kit. In-
cldentally more steamers arrived
bringing more correspondents,*'and
those who had come early in D'rder^to.,
avoid the rush saw themsel\-fs.oyer^i
taken by increasing numbers;ofUb"eir>
fellows, and all hope of "early bird"
advantage vanished. ' ¦* ,',r:; v v ,
All this and still no regulations^ Thejk
came, however, In the course t of a.long^t
time. There are fourteen sectloris./be-i,
ginning with the provision that*appli-]t
cation to go to the field must be-made -
to the War Department and be accom-.
panied by a sketch of the applicant's
life and a document of personal guar
antee, signed by. the proprietor of the
newspaper for which the applicant
works. Foreign correspondents need
not sketch their lives and the guarantee
sj. dispensed with.
T£ Section 2 provides that the applicant
-must have done newspaper work for
oiielyear at least. No greenhorns are
toibe, permitted to spend their vaca
ionaf with the Japanese army,
-5 The^third section provides that for
elgners^ may take- an interpreter, for
"whom they must give a personal guar
antee. By section 4 they are permitted
The remaining sections promise that
the army will do Its best to facilitate
the correspondents, and in case of ne-f
cesslty provide food and transportation.
They also declare correspondents, their
Interpreters and servants subject to
court-martial for violation of the crim
inal law, the military criminal law or
th© law for th© preservation of mili
tary secrets. -
There was nothing in these regula
tions to cause dismay, and, in fact,
most of them had. been foreseen. The
limitation to one servant made it look
as if a man would have to either do his
own cooking or his own camp work,
"for It was unlikely that he could find
a man who could or would do both for
• him. ;- . \
But that was not an Insurmountable
hardship, and the promise to provide
transportation, by vessel if necessary,
seemed to indicate a willingness to let
a man go to the field with a suitable
outfit so that he could make himself
comfortable. Thereupon those who had
not got tents went out and ordered
them, and fur coats and robes and
sleeping bags Increased correspondingly
in number* v
; For a day or two after these regula
tions appeared in the Official Gazette
there was lively .work among the news
paper men making what they then
thought would be final preparations.
The long expected and eagerly desired
passes. would surely be issued now in
a , day or~ so. They were certain of It
' when notices were posted at the hotel
by ; the ; military attache ' of the British
legation, 'saying that the War Office
desired to have all the applications pre
sented as soon as possible. But after
a day or two of anxious expectancy the
old air of uncertainty came back, in
decision and lndeflnlteness ' lurked in
Section 8 says: "Correspondents
shall always wear foreign clothes, and
to their left arm shall be attached a
white band, about two "inches wide, on
which the name of the newspaper rep
resented shall be printed In Japanese
In red."
Sections 9 and 10 provide that the
correspondents shall always carry their
permits and shall show them to any
Japanese officer who desires t» see
them. They must observe any rules
made by the commanding officers of
their respective columns and may be
set down for failure to do so.
* Section 11 provides for a field cen
sorate as follows: "The war corre
spondent will not be permitted to dis
patch his communications ¦ (whether
they be correspondence for publication
or private letters or telegrams) until
after their examination by th» officer
appointed by the commanding officer.
No communication containing cipher
or symbols will be permitted to be dis
patched."
to take also one servant, guaranteed
like the interpreter.
Then comes the prize, section 5: "Th«
authorities, when they consider it
necessary, may cause the selection of
one person to act as Joint correspond
ent for several newspapers."
Sections 6 and 7 provide that passes
shall be given to those correspondents
who are permitted to go to the front,
and that they shall be attached to
headquarters of the columns they ao
company. -I'","'
.QOMETHING of the un
*®\ precedented difficulties
Cr and iron-clad regula
tions that the wily, taciturn
Japanese military authori
ties are heaping upon the
great army of war corre
spondents now fuming im
putently in Tokio is told in
the following letter just re
ceived from 0. K. Davis, the
Xew York Herald and San
Francisco CalFs correspond
ent. Never before were such
stringent conditions im
posed. .«l|
every corner and the business of the
hour was the old petty discussion of
minor details of kit. or hot argument"^
as to the value of this or that style of
an agreed on necessity.
The siege of the War Offle* tor la
formation was regularly laid. Every
day sorties were made, sometimes by
detached parties, sometimes almost ea
masse. One by one little fragments ei
seeming Information were picked up
and the utmost was made of tvum^, The
wonderful conspiracy of sllenee wtt2»
which the Japanese had cloaked thetr
earlier preparations for war was con
tinued as far as what should be don*
with war correspondents was con
cerned.
Then came the crusher. It was cfl>
dally Intimated to several men ea Um
same day that they would be expects^
to take with them Into the flsl4_only
what luggage one servant could carry.
Jupiter Pluvius, frogs and flshesi N«
tent, no sleeping bag. no fur wg, hardly
even a fur coat, no oook store, so type
writer, not even a comfortable mess
kit! You might as well tlthtr not try
to go or make up your mind to Uve^
'in your saddle pockets and draw ra
tions from the army, which Is likely t»
mean untold quantities of rice and
| plenty of hot water.
But what does It matter? To-day
comes the news that the Japansss havt
already got 20,000 men in Seoul, and the
land/movements we have been waiting
so long to see have begun without us.
The general staff calmly announce*
that when "the two armies are In con
tact" the correspondents will bt per
mitted .to go to the front. There is no
sign of the Issuance of a pass, and ths
main business of the newspaper men
has reverted to the selection of camp
beds and the making of leather writing
portfolios.
We understand then is a war on be
tween Japan and Russia. The only ln
¦ dlcatloh of the fact there Is In Toklo
is the presence of a large staff of high
ly certificated war correspondents, all
busily Inactive, occupied only In gen
eral discussion of details of camp gear
and In replying to a multitude of invi
tations to luncheons, parties, dinners
I and evenings at bridge. fflpg
Oh, for ten minutes of the man front
Salamanca!
There, is also what is known as the
"urgent" rate. If a man is in a great
hurry to get through an important
message he may pay the urgent rate
and have it take precedence of all other
messages on the wires except urgents
filed before his or Government business.
The newspaper men out here have been
in the habit of taking advantage of
these three rates as circumstances war
ranted in order to catch editions of
their papers. The time occupied in
transmission by a message at press
rates Is known to them, as is that of a
message at "full rate," the ordinary
commercial price and at urgent rates.
By taking Into account the difference
of time between here and New Tork a
man may gauge his chance of catching 1
any edition of his paper, and If the Im
portance of his news warrants he will
send It at full rate^or urgent.
But under the Japanese regulation
there is only one rate for a press mes
sage, and that Is the press rate. Mes
sages to newspapers will not be,ac
cepted, even .if prepaid, at full rate or
urgent. Accordingly, If a newspaper
man wishes to send such a message to
his office he must'direct it to "a private
address and prepay it.
No amount' of argument has been
able to effect a reconsideration of this
decision.* The Japanese Government Is
unable . to comprehend the fact , that a
telegram for publication may be'suffi
ciently valuable to warrant a news
paper in paying three times the cpm
merclal rate for It.
Something of this spirit of regulation
has been met by the newspaper men in
their efforts to get to the front with
the Japanese troops. Before the actual
outbreak of hostilities special regula
tions were issued forbidding any men
tion of the , movements of troops or
ships. Simultaneously a secret cen
sorship was established over telegrams,
and all reference to such movements
were cut" out.
For some time nothing was said
about such action to the men' who had
filed the messages, but recently, and
after considerable , criticism, : the sys
tem was adopted of notifying the
senders of messages that had been ex
cised o f the words that had : been - cut
out These notices come in bunches
sufficiently old to prevent any attempt
to get out the thing that has been
excised In a different way.
All that -care - was • undoubtedly . jus
tified. The Japanese could not afford
to have their enemy obtain any Ink
ling of what they were .doing In the
way of preparation for war, and at the
i earlier stages of the preparations their
One of the most surprising changes
effected by this war has been an ar
rangement by which telegrams may be
sent to newspapers and paid fc-r by
the receiver. This was effected only on
the guarantee by the cable • company
which receives the -messages from the
Japanese Government wires that it
would be responsible for the charges.
But here comes in the wonderful reg
ulation. A press telegram is a message
intended for publication, and the rule
is that It must be published in the next
issue of the paper after it is "received
and a copy of the paper y fient to the
delivering telegraph office. For such
messages a less rate is charged than for
ordinary commercial messages. • '.w: •¦..
By O.K. Davis.
JAPAN'S BAFFLING EMBARGO ON WAR CORRESPONDENTS
larizing the greatest vocation open to
the rising generation. "Congress could
do no better thing for this country
than to Increase the Government's an
nual Investment In each State experi
ment station from $15,000 to $30,000. The
returns on the investment would be
rich heyond comparison.
Agriculture Is the foundation* of our
national prosperity. It Is the prime
source of. our national wealth, and to
increase the products of the soil and
yet conserve its fertility for future gen
erations is worthy the attention of
statesmen, f Can the Government afford
- to spend annually for the benefit of
the farmers of the United States, In the
form of increased experiment station
work, a sum of money less than suffi
cient to build a couple of torpedo
boats?— Chicago Record Herald.
The improvements made In dairying,
feeding and breeding live stock grasses
and grains and the saving to .farmers
through proper use of commercial fer
tilizers, suppressing destructive Injects
and cereal diseases, etc., have been of
untold value to the agricultural inter
ests of the country. s
The money expended by the Govern
ment and by the States for the support
of experiment stations partakes more'
of the nature of a profitable investment
than of an appropriation. The money
expended has brought wonderful cash
returns, besides elevating and popu-
¦ K ¦ ¦
venting potato smut In oats or barley.
This is only one instance where the
experiment station has come to the aid
of the farmer. It has also, in other
States, saved untold millions, of dol
lars to the fruit growers, tobacco and
cotton growers, and especially- to corn
growers.
So effective is the remedy and so
easily and cheaply applied that the
farmer to-day is in disrepute if he
grows smutted wheat. One pound of
formaldehyde to forty gallons of water,
applied to the grain with sprinkling
can and shovel, is the remedy. The
same solution with slight variation as
to strength is equally effective for pre-
Taking an average of but two bush
els less per acre on the whole crop, or
four bushels less per acre on half the
acreage sown annually, and we have
a loss of 10,000,090 bushels for a single
harvest.
Ten million bushels of wheat at 50
cents per bushel means a loss of $5,000,
000, plus $2,500,000 loss from
in price, and we have a grand total of
$7,500,000 loss per annum to the farmers
of the State. Mdklng any allowance one
may wish from the above figures for
extravagance of estimate, and still the
saving to the wheat growers is enor
mous.* But the statement is not an
extravagant one, in view of the rapid
increase of the disease before a remedy
was found to check it.
quently and generally fou».. with the
straw badly Infested with smut, but
with little or no evidence of the disease
in the form of developed smut balls In
the head. A field of wheat so affected, it
was carefully estimated, would yield
from three to four bushels less per acre
than where the grain was free from the
disease.
What are the benefits accruing to the
farmers of the State from Investiga
tions of wheat smut? From the fact
that smutted and clean wheat could
not be kept separate In the elevators,
and as it required expensive machinery
to scour smutted wheat previous to
grinding it, it was conservatively es
timated by wheat dealers that, where
smut was generally prevalent. It meant
an average depression In price of at
le»st Z cents per bushel.
An average 50,000,000-bushel crop
infant a loss of $2,500,000. But this was
not all, nor the chief loss from smut.
The nature of the disease being para
sitical in character, it did not always
manifest its presence or evil effects In
the form of smut balls in the wheat
hoad. but the chief injury resulted In
the weakening of the plant from the
disease, so that the yield was, in con
sequence, several bushels less per acre
and of inferior grade. Fields were fre-
THE new movement afoot for the
perfecting of the experiment
station, as a factor in the
development of the country's
agricultural resources, is not fully ap
preciated. It receives great credit, but
its actual cash value to the country
cannpt be estimated. Take the State
"of Xorth Dakota, for example. At a
time when the nature and characteris
tic* of wheat smut were but imperfect
ly understood and the disease was
ppreading with fearful rapidity
throughout the great wheat area of
the State, the experiment station
jproved the source of relief.
1 It. required a prodigious amount of
study and experimentation to fully
diagnose the disease and to discover a
pafe. epeedy and economical remedy.
Various remedies were found to be ef
fective, such as corrosive sublimate,
piitassium sulphide, hot water, forma
lin and other things, but most of them
were difficult to apply. Corrosive sub
limate is poisonous end consequently
dangerous, and also has a tendency to
retard germination. Hot water treat
ment is too delicate for the farmer to
use. Formaldehye was finally selected
a* a remedy that could be easily, ef
fectively and economically applied and
with perfect safety, and which instead
of retarding germination facilitates it.
Professor Bolley demonstrated that
the gain from the quicker germination
<jf seed wheat when treated with for
maldehyde fully or more than makes
up for the expense of the chemical and
the labor incident to Its application to
the. grain.
The apparatus, as described by Mx
Band of the Compressed Air Prun
ing Company, is made light enough
to be carried about readily, and the ra
pidity with which the cutting knives
are brought into action, is limited only
by the speed of the operator in moving
a lever which offers no more resistance
than the turning of a door handle.
Thousands and thousands of dollar*
are expended annually for pruning
orchards and vineyards, and at time*
It has been hard to find labor to do th»
work when it is required; and mm thm
above device will operate more quickly
than hand labor, it will certainly be A
boon to the fruit growers and vine
yardists.
The machine has been developed tsj
keeping with modern progress and tbm
power is furnished by a gasoline •"r^v*
which operatesLthe compressor, devel
oping the air, and also by & system of
gears propelling the vehicle contain
ing the outfit; thus the generating outfit
can be run through the rows of an or
chard and will supply power to operate
shears in the hands of six men. three
working on each side of the machine.
These six men will easily accomplish
the work of twenty hand workers.
In California alone there are about
20,000,000 fruit trees and 200,000 acres of
vines that must be pruned annually.
This will give an idea of the work that
must be done and the amount of money
expended for the labor. Trees are con
tracted to be pruned at from five to
fifteen cents, and vines from two to
three dollars per acre. . so it will be
readily realized the great amount ex
pended yearly for this branch of or
chard work, and the amount to bs
saved by using an outfit as described
above.
ry* RECENT new invention which
f I has just been perfected, and oat
r"™! that . will revolutionize orchard
I and vineyard work, Is a vine and
tree pruner, operated by com
pressed air. The idea originated with
Wesley Young, an Ohio man, who cam*
to California to develop It. knowing th«
great resources of this State and the
opportunities the fruit Industry her*
presented.
The device Is destined to revolution
ize pruning methods and will eradicate
all laborious portions of this work.
Three different length pruners are.
presented to accommodate the various
heights of limbs; one that is operated
In either hand, which Is mainly fur
grapevines; the others are three and
twelve feet long; these are operated
by a trigger, an Instantaneous cut re
sulting. Limbs can be cut clean, and
as large as two inches, and will do
away altogether with the laborious
work of sawing.
Unique New
' Compressed
Air Machine
for Rapid
Vineyard
Pruning.
TIMELY TOPICS OF THE WORLD
THE SAN j FRANCISCO SUNDAY CAI^L.
RemarKable
WorK of the
Government
Agricultural
Experiment
Stations.
14
DIVINE CHILD
WITH THE
ST. JOSEPH LILIES
Watch for the Beautiful
, Colored Art Photo-
. graphic Supplement
—A Genuine Ton-
nessen — free —
with the Next
Sunday Call
Easter Edi-
"AN EASTER
OFFERING."
A Beautiful Colored Art
Photograph by Tonnes-
sen— -One of His Best
Creations— Will Be
given — free -r'
with the Next
Sunday Call
Easter Edi-
:' tion.
"THE QUEEN OF
QUELPARTE."
By Archer Butler Hul-
bert. v
. Mr. Hulbert's novel, "The Queen
of Quelparte," is a story of Rus-
sian intrigue ' ln> the '-) Far East,
founded upon ! the alleged ' will '. of ,
Peter the Great, which is said to
• be *¦ dominant K in Russia's v terri-
torial advance.. Mr. 'Hulbert tells
'¦ in 'form; of ; fiction ' r the : story ol
* the temporary acquisition of ; Ko^'
v rea, just ! before Russia , leased
'_ Port Arthur,; showing (how j Rus-
sia, by Intrigue and deceit, ;coh-
- quered 1. Korea* in f 1897: in order j to
" have something to • throwfover t to
Japan to ? keep - her from pxtdpi-
¦ tatlng war T over- the ' announce-
ment of the lease of Port Arthur.
Begins Right After
"Tomorrow's Tangle;"
SundayCali; April i 10. (fk
BTmr ¦¦¦^- iJ f I NCE upon a time there was a wee little
a£fcl^flll^fiyil dark-eyed damself of the name of Lu-
S.1^^^^1 cillc# hft was intcnselv homeopathic
S)V&^>??tS'iPi ' n dimensions. Fact is. she was so
B L^&l^y^ A highly concentrated that when inclosed
" ¦ *^ — ¦ x — s) in a tailor-made she. looked about as
voluminous as a nickel's worth of radium.
Her mother had money.
Lucille was desperately in love with a six-foot shine.
She simply adored him. The petite always do warm up
to the ponderous. ; : -
Shine didn't come back very strong with the cardiacal
regard, but as Tootsie was bohemian enough to come
across with the price while the waiter was getting the
finger bowls, he. refused to tie a can to her. For this
Lucille was ever so thankful. She was easily encour
aged. She reasoned, that while there was life there was
In the course of time Lucille met a live one. His
name was Ollie. According to the new entry^s of
thinking Lucille was exactly the. party he had been look
ing for. He wasted no time telling her; so. • And he
didn't stop at that.. He wasn't that kind. He believed
in the theory that wherever you plant your - heart . you
must empty your i purse; wherefore the many messages
bearing bon-bons and blossoms addressed to Miss
Lucille. ¦
Lucille was rather favorably impressed with Ollie.,
She had a sneaking idea that he would.be a * splendid
fellow to fall back on if Shine -should, in the end/ escape.
She didn't love Ollie— that was V; cinch. ' At the same
time she iyanted : to hold him in reserve. - ; She believed
in carrying a reserve fund. • But how was' she. going to
do it? If Shine ever heard of QHie- all bets' would ; bY off.
Of course if Ollie ever heard of Shine it -wouldn't be
quite" so bad, for he was in love. When a, man. is; in -love
he doesn't believe everything he hears. It was up' to
Lucille to take chances. She would have to resort to the
Block System. That is to say, she would have to spread
her dates and play both ends against the middle. Which
is exactly what she did.
The system which she installed was a corker. When
Ollie had the right of way, she would 'phone Shine that
she had a. dreadful headache and that he must not think
of calling.'fbr if he did mamma would be. simply furious.
To guard against a misinterpretation of signals she
would make Track Walkers of her kid brothers and keep
them on trie lookout until Ollie had gone.
If Shme was scheduled to arrive, Ollie would get a
tender little note to the effect that mamma was not at all
well, which. made it utterly impossible for, Lucille to see
him that evening, even for a-tiny moment. -,".'«? C
The strain upon the child was'something frightful. If
while making herself solid with one, the door bell hap
pened to ring Lucille' would grab the smelling salts for
fear that it was the. other on a special run.
For 'some, time she had each, guy thinking that he was
the sole and. only. She put fit up so ' strong that each
imagined that when he was .not on the spot 'the poor
little thing was playing solitaire to pass the time away.
One night the, inevitable occurred. There was. a wreck.
Lucille had given Shine) the" right of way, but neglected
to sidetrack, Ollie. : v. , v\. .
Just as Shine arrived at- the : door, he was telescoped
by Oil ie, who came in under, full ¦ headway.' When .Shine
recovered from his astonis.hmerit rhe.threw^ open 'V'h'is
valve and remarked that he would .not stand for a girl
who was not on;. tbV level; Ollie came back with a state
ment to the effect that he felt^the same way /about it.
'. _., As they locked arms and headed for the nearest, Repair
Shop, Lucille called for the eau de cologne and fell in a
heap. j ', , ; i ¦¦¦¦¦
Moral—A reserve fund is not always what it is cracked
up to be.
Although Cyrus had salted away several vaults full
of anti-Bryan coin and was old enough to remember a
good deal about what took place way back in the early
forties, he did not slow down one bit in his pursuit of the
znazuma.
The subject upon which the smooth citizens * had
set views was women. He was, $0 he said, utterly un
able to see how any man could let a woman trespass far
enough upon the corporate limits of his mentality to
cause him to lapse into a bug-house condition.
According to his way of thinking, the only way by
which an option could be secured on a woman's affec
tions was by writing her a lot of slush-gush-mush in
nursery dialect. It was, he alleged, past him to see how
any man could become ass enough about a female to
lose control of his pro, rata'of horse-sense and descend
to writing mellifluous melange. Further than that, he
argued that it was bum business policy'for a man to
get reckless with the . pen unless he knew for a dead
moral certainty that he wasn't running any risk.
Cyrus sai'd that he had, in the recent past, met a
little creature of the name of Letitia Larimore whom he
rushed for several weeks before side-stepping. And
while he had written her several times during that
period, he had not spilled, on Irish linen, any of the
soft stuff that makes the spiller look like a dub in the
eyes of an innocent third party.
He laid particular stress upon the fact that while
Letitia worked in the chorus to support a widowed
mother, she was thoroughly inexperienced and a most
estimable child. Their parting, which had not been
entirely unmixed with tears, was due solely to the fact
that he was too busy keeping tab on the market to give
her the time she deserved.
One morning, shortly after Cyrus had emitted a
rather lengthy installment of his views on the, subject
of emolliating epistles, he was visited by Mr. Katchem
tein of the law firm of Katchemstein, Soakemharder
"Say, old man, I'll make . it $15,000 if yon keep it
out of the papers." •:- *
'.'_ .-''Couldn't think of. it, Mr. Trimmers, couldn't think
of it.' Why ..let me read to you this letter which — '
"No, no. Just tell me what is the least you will
take." V
"Well, being: it is you, will meet you half-way and
accept $25,000." ¦ ,'
, "Will you promise to keep the whole matter qtiiet,
old fellow?"
"Upon my word and honor as a gentleman, I wilL"
'.'-¦-. "Then you're on. Here is my check. Let me have
those litters." * . ...
Moral : Every man believes he is the innocent party,
until he f eads the evidence.
'.. ¦. ~\; Copyright, 1904, by Oliver Victor limerick.
"Mr. Trimmers, you are a fine man and I would
not for 'anything in the world permit my client to be
unreasonable in her demands. But I cannot consider
$10,000;. f° r a moment. Why I have gone to great ex
pense having copies of these letters made for' the news
paper reporters' who are waiting at my office 'for them,
and—" " ; . , j ::-
couched in such tender and affectionate phrases that
their meaning could not possibly be mistaken."
"It is false, it is false, sir. Every word of it. I have
written no such-letters as : you : describe. My communica
tions have always been fornlal. Exceedingly formal."
"Mr. Trimmers, I do not? like to reflect upon the
memory of a person of you? high standing, but listen
to the wording of this one for instance:"
My Own Precious Darling: , -, 4 V.; v , . '\\ .;
I am stealing a tiny, moment from the heavy grind to
inform you that I may be as much as three minutes late
to-night. The market is very uncertain' to-day and I must
be on my guard. But light of my life I vrlll be with you,
as soon as possible. You know that. Don't you, my own
sweet one? Now be patient, dearest, and "when I cornel
will bring to you hugs and kisses, and — —
"Read no more, Mr. Katchemstein. I have heard
enough. It is possible that an evil-minded person may
place a wrong construction upon that letter and as I
am too busy to go to court I will give you my check
for $5000 rather than put you to the trouble of filing
suit. That is, if you return my letters."
"Mr. Trimmers,! could not think of accepting such
a trifling amount.' Why, sir, it would be doing my little
client a great injustice.'. Just listen to this letter. You
sent it by special delivery:
"Sunshine of My Life:
. /¦ Expect me early to-night. I am dying to sa» you.
Dearest, if you only knew how much 1 love you and how
hard it is to stay away from you for a wee little bit of a
moment, you would be — ".: " ' <". •
"Don't read another line, Mr. Katchemstein. Let
us settle this little matter for $ 10,000. .What do you say
to that?" '£.\i'£ii
N'CE upon a time there was an old
V^5> . bachelor of the name of Cyrus
®'»(^ l^0_w Trimmcrs ». who had thc gamc of
ff2ii^5i^/^J% finance down pat. He was the boss
'^•*'«^i^^?^^j hydropath of Wall street.
$W$l&w50$L Cvrus knew cxactIv how to
: :g-5fr'?^%fr,raffi^l pull a withering security through a
spell of Dry-rot and at the same time make the criminal
code look like a joke book fresh from the press.
Cyrus was such a wonder at the game that he was
made president of several Billion Dollar Trusts, which
put him in pretty close touch with an income of about
seven thousand simoleons per second and caused the
common people to believe that he was just the foxiest
proposition that ever happened.
That's how strong Cyrus was with the inside push.
& Gctoutski. Upon seating himself in the i private
office beside Cyrus, Katchemstein announced that he
had been retained by Miss Letitia • Larimore to enter
suit against him for the moderate sum of . $50,000. The
action was based upon a breach of; promise to marry
the aforementioned Letitia Larimore. Katchemstein
said; the sum demanded was exceedingly small in view
of the fact that; failure on the part of Cyrus to .make
good had injured the prospects of the unsophisticated
and confiding child, caused her to suffer untold humilia
tion, mental anguish, deprivation from other oppor
tunities to enter the marriage state, great loss of self-
pride, time,' energy and bodily health.
"Sir," said Cyrus when the lawyer had eased up fora
reply, "this is nothing but an . outrageous attempt to
hold rac up. I 'have never entertained the slightest idea
of marrying this person whom you represent. I never
proposed marriage to her. Kever, never, never. It is
preposterous. I will not permit myself to be flim
flammed by such a designing [creature. I have made no
promises to her. It is extortion. I defy — "
"But, Mr. Trimmers, while you may not have, in
so many words, asked this splendid young lady to
become your wife, your letters to her have been
| Damsel Who Used a System to Her'tSorrow
jl , . — — ; : : . : ; ! — .t.
MAN WHO FORGOT HIS OWN DANGER SIGNAL.
; \r 71T"T MINISTER and his wife insist that
* » If* '^ey near d an angel's beautiful
'."^ . % £/l'. song. Wonder what they had been
jl3-tVJ\/ <1 ' I drinking over night? ; But, wait a
jA\Xifl minute, it may have been only the
J^"*^ Me-ow of a Kitty.
When the bands of matrimony become frost-bitten
it's hard work to thaw them out again. ¦.-..
Many a poor man would not change places with. a
millionaire if his tired old digestion were thrown" in with
The pen is mightier than the sword. What's the
matter -with the typewriter and a woman^s tongue?
The man who thinks a ,half a dozen wives an easy
proposition must be deaf to the wail of the mother
in-law.
If detectives would only let clews alone and settle
down to business we might not have to puzzle over so
Prayer and penitence for Lent.^ Oh, my! That story
The man who was fool enough to lose a half million
in gambling proved that he had not sense enough to.: be
trusted with the amount.
The hens that went on a ' strike ', with the cold
weather were so mercilessly egged on that they very
soon resumed business at the same old stand:
* * * ' r
A man may love his wife, but his sweet content de
pends largely on his cook.
* ? -..*-¦>
The man who advertises the latest spring hats ought
to feel foolish when he wakes up to find six inches of
snow on the ground.
* * *
Baltimore is worried lest Chicago should prove to
have the greatest fire record. Nothing like prestige.
* ? •
New York still palpitates, even if the lid is on."
* * ' : * h ¦ •
i ¦
When an old man wants advertising, he gets mar
ried, and the more kittenish the groom and his affinity
the bigger the ad. : Hjv;4 ;
* * >*j€
The greatest compliment a woman can pay a mtn
is to cook for him. :f^:
The hand that rocks the cradle often fills it with
rocks that later are hurled at its own heart.
Morality is ihe art of ., thinking . yourself awfully
good and having your doubts about every one else.
A man wants a" woman to look like an angel, and
yet if. 'she really ran around clad in her wings and a lit
tle rag of cheesecloth he would put her in an insane
asylum.
¦;_ * ? •
Necessity is the murderer of ambition.
Link yourjlife with a snail and you will travel' at a
•nail's .pace. W' •'•
. '.• -..•,' :' : ]c ¦"> * * * .
¦ , There is a wide margin between being cute and
playing' the clown.
Please; where is the glory of living a century? An
animated mummy is not pleasant to gaze upon, and the
majority of us find it hard enough having to rub through
halft^time^rv^.^ #
Calve, the divine, fainted on the Metropolitan Grand
Opera-house stage, New York, from a toothache. So pro
saic I Any old frump could have a toothache.
'¦, ¦ ..-¦-;:'- ¦¦;.' ' •;? '> ' ''.
;,.;. <The man who boasts of never having done anything
wrong is too good to be any good.
Wlf the grass widow, the sod widow and the bachelor
gifl form a Leap Year- combination the poor mere man
will, know that dear old Bob Ingersoll was way off when
he put hell out of business.
. .Some people are so chesty; that they ought to have
two humps like the dromedary.
*' * *
' Some women know too much; others get married.
* ¦. - * * .........
Why are there more .bald heads among men than
among women? (Echo answers: Find the woman.)
Never do anything that you can find any one else
willing to do for you— that is, if you do not want it done.
¦ * .* •
-' Even the woman most anxious to trespass upon a
man's preserves, lets him enjoy his bald head in peace.
The most advanced woman would never stand for a
- All winter long the frisky blla
Has tended, to the blizzard biz I
(To be continued.).
* • • ••
Love always bears its own trademark*
•Tom, Tom, the piper's son,
Stole a pig and away he run • .
Perhaps poor Tom had. ne'er been caught
Had he for a moment thought
That when a man his trolley slips, •
Or when ne lies or, steals,
No business should he ever haro »
With any pig. that squeals.
ME-OWS OF A KITTY
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALTl
iX Ek Jtl SSL .nwr* ? &^A zX )Ei Bii^^P cw J3. \l/ o
15| Tatting Pictures
Sensitiveness
all. . He does not realize ; that * other
people are too busy, and too much - in
terested in themselves and in other
things * to : devote ' to him • any of their
time beyond what Is absolutely neces-
sary. When he thinks they are aiming
remarks at him, putting slights .upon
him or trying; to hold him up to the
ridicule of others they may not be even
conscious of hia presence.— Success, v- '
• Oversensitiveness, whether In man 0 ,
•woman, is really an exaggerated form
of peTf -consciousness. It is far removed
f rofn conceit or self-esteem, . yet it
causes one's own personality to bver
•hedow everything else. A sensitive
person feels that, whatever he does,
wherever he goes or whatever he says,
he Is the center ot observation. He
Imagines that people are criticizing his
movements, making fun at his expense
or analyzing bis character, when they
Are probably sot thinking of him at
~W« fasve hi the phonograph a fiadrtj
good raprodactlon of the speaking oi
tAziglng voice, aad In the rf ™* TT ?^tff-
Srapfa a. photographic Imitation <M
movement. Tliat a. combination of tht
two -Kovla be striking and valuable hat
occurred to many Inventors, but hlth
erto none has succeeded hi combining
them practically, chiefly because th«
dlfficDUr ot mahing the two devioea
move in perfect ttme. This has now
been effected by two French Inventors,
who operate the cinematograph by an
electric motor controlled by a device
on the phonograph axle, The two
pieces of apparatus — optical and acous
tical — thus keep perfect accord, and tb«
result is said to be most satisfactory
•"V j IIXLiDREN! children! Tlie Puzzle Editor salutes you, one and all. To-day is a very auspicious oc
\ I '- caslon. a It Is the beginning of a new. series, the seventh since these Immensely popular puzzle con-
V/) tests •were begun In The Sunday Call, and more than that, the Puzzle Editor has provided a new list
of beautiful, prizes from which you may choose— if you win. : One hundred and fifty prizes with
twenty | different ¦ books^ to choose from certainly gives a large and pleasing variety. And just think - of
there being one hundred and fifty books given away every week. However, you must do something, if it Is
only to hare fun with these puzzles, to win one of 'those prizes. __ ¦¦•:•¦¦;•'..¦.* :
Of course you all know about; money-^everybody does, because money Is good for all sorts of things—
to buy candy with, -for instance, or toys or pretty things to wear, and, oh, well, you know all about money,
bo you should not find any difficulty whatever in solving these puzzles. And if you do win, besides get
ting a beautiful present just think of having, your picture in the gallery "of honor. That's perfectly splendid
In •Itself. So" awaken' your enthusiasm and begin. ;. - -. . . , . ! >- - - *
>" PLEASE DON'T r SEND IN ANY' TINTYPE PICTURES OR PROOFS THAT ARE.UNTONED — which
means that they will fade as soon as tlicy are exposed to the sun, and "don't forsret to 'write your name' and
address on the back -of each and every photograph. And by .all means be sure that you arc a prize win
ner before you send in any picture at all. -v :v^V-l .*-'.->'¦?¦»'¦ V r
And remember this: You wm all have a chance not only to win, one of .those 150. prizes, rbnt get
your picture published as well.' The Puzzle Editor wants all the prize winners to send In .their; pictures
—the whole 150 every 'week' if possible. Begin right •now;' Don't wait. :^ The more the merrier. " There
can't'be too many. /But • remember, only theprizc winners can have Uieir pictures published.
Each of the Nine Pictures in- this, the' First 1 contest of the Seventh Series, represents a piece of
money. Can you guess? Ah! There Is a rich reward for you If you can.
THERE ARE ONE HUNDRED AND FIFTY PRIZES, and this is what you must' do~ to win one of
them: . • - - ¦.',-¦•'¦•¦¦'•:- ; . : ; .. -./¦• .„¦,.. . . • ¦ ¦ - •¦ '. 'j . ¦ ¦ ¦ .
Find the names of Nine Different Pieces of Money represented by tiie Small Puzzle .'Pictures on this
,P«ge and write them out hi the space . opposite the proper corresponding nnmber : orovided for the.pur
| pose in the coupon onthispage, as per. directions; fill In the coupon witji your name and address and the
'¦prize you desire— if you win— and send the coupon to the EDITOR OF THE NAME PUZZLE PAGE, Sunday
-< Call; San Francisco, Cal. . x, 5
fef RE3IEMBER— To the, FIRST ONE HUNDRED AND FIFTY BOYS AND GIRLS who solve the Nino
Name. Puzzles correctly, one of these .ONE HUNDRED AND FIFTY BEAUTIFUL PRIZES will be awarded.
•ivVAiid don't V forget this next point, becausetlt* is very important: ALL s MUST. REACH
THIS OFFICE .BY FRIDAY NOON.' This gives all those in\ the country an equal chance to compete.
Read everything 'on this page,'' to- be. 'sure • that you overlook nothing that will help you to win a prize.
. THE NA3IES OF THE LUCKY! WINNERS WILL BE PUBLISHED IN THE SUNDAY CALL TWO
WEEKS FROM TO-DAY, April 10.. .
These are the TWENTY BEAUTIFUL BOOKS from which yon may, choose If you solve all the puz
zles correctly: vv ., ••¦¦- : --'- . -\v. : : ¦ ''¦-.'' ¦ '- . \ . \
,The Blithedale Romance, by/ Hawthorne; Christie's Old Organ, by Walton; Evaiigeline, by Longfel
low; The"l<7iiry!^ 'Greek Heroes, by Kingsley; The Song of Hiawatha, by Long
fellow; IUdnaped,*.by Stevenson; < Lucilej i by..>Ieredith;; Mine Own People, by Kipling; Mosses From an Old
Manse, by Hawthorne; i Doer of Flanders, by (Ouida; .Paradise ! Regained, r by . Milton : The • Phantom , Rickshaw,
by MplinsV^Plutarch'sililves; ?Prue ajid I,\ by-Curtis; Tanglewood Tales, by Hawthorne; Ten Nights hi a
Barroom;, by Arthur;. Through the Looking Glass, by Carroll; The Water Babies, by.' Kingsley; v Window
in Thrums, by Barrie. , •• .- * ; . > ¦'- . ¦ ¦ ">¦¦ ••'>
BsaUttFUT ?r^ and Fifty oF The^n-—
NEW CONTEST TO-DAY
9t T the beginning of the
m 8eventh Series of these
-»• fascinating puzzle con
tests the Puzzle Editor will
take pleasure in having a lit
tle personal and friendly
chat with you all, in which
advantage will be taken of
this opportunity to explain a
few very meddlesome facts.
First, many of you chil
dren will wonder why, dur
ing the past few weeks, some
of your books have been
somewhat tardy in arriving*.
Let it be pointed- out that it
is due principally to the
stormy weather that has
been sweeping the entire Pa
cific Coast for a month past,
.which has delayed trains and
other means of traffic to such
an extent that traffic is
blockaded everywhere be
tween San Francisco and
the principal Eastern cities.
m Indeed, just at the present
time an immense shipment
of EIGHT THOUSAND of the
beautiful books that THE
SUNDAY CALL is now giv
ing away as prizes are block
aded somewhere between
here and the Eocky Moun
tains and consequently can
not arrive for almost two
weeks yet. However, these
EIGHT THOUSAND BOOKS,
or at least a goodly part of
them, will he secured in time
to fill the list of ONE HUN
DKED AM) FIFTY PKIZE
WIMERS, in this, the first
contest, of the Seventh Series
and everjr week thereafter.
It is for that reason that
some twenty copies of "The
Little Lame Prince" and
"The Magric Nuts" have not
heen delivered, notwith
standing the whole coast
has been scoured for stray
books to fill these orders, and
consequently the little chil
dren who l\ave chosen either
of the above titles will have
to be patient for a week or
two. The Puzzle Editor as
sures them, however, that
their orders will be filled
first as soon as the EIGHT
THOUSAND BOOKS arrive.
And to those who are well
on* their way toward the col
lection of a complete library
the Puzzle Editor wants to
give further assurance that
this new consignment are all
of the same edition of beau
tiful colored landscape books
.so that none of their series
will be broken.
And now, BEST WISHES
TO^THE AKDENT WORK
ERS "in the new. series.
CHILDREN-
Greetlog From tKo
'Ptizxle Editor.
THE SAN : FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALC.
16
NAME PUZZLES
Solve the Puzzles,
Fill Out the Coupon
and Send It to
the Puzzle Editor,
Sunday Call, S. F.
V
To Puzzle Editor, Sunday OaDL
¦ fiaa Francisco:
Bclovr In their proper ram-
- bera please find my solution of
tbo She Different, Pieces of
Money represented in this
nwiV 3Tame Puzzles!
t ............... ..^ ...••••^>
fl ....
» .............................
-« ............................
5 .
e
i
a .
» ...........................
March 27, 1904.
\
Name ............... .^.......
Street or P. O..-.,.**^..*.,...
Chy a .«— ~~
r* I vte I rtinoM lor prlzo<¦: American Artists Horoored.
'PARIS. March 26.— M. Chaume,
French Minister, of Public Instruction
and Fine Arts, this week visited the
first annual' exposition of La Triade at
the Elysee 'Palace -Hotel and .viewed
the .works of "H. Faulkner, a painter;
L;: 'Mielzlner," ', a v miniaturist; - and T.
Epeyer Simson. : "a"' sculptor. ) -The ex
hibition >'as- an •example of . American
enterprise was very , successful,', war
ranting even a- postponement of the
closing. . ' j;
LONDON. March 26.— The King, who
will probably be accompanied by the
Queen,, has accepted an Invitation to
lay the foundation stone of the new
Liverpool cathedral, which has already
been commenced on St. James* mount.
No date is yet announced. •
Between $2,500,000 and $3,750,000 is to
be exp-nded on the cathedral, -which
will be the finest example of Gothic
ecclesiastical architecture in England.
Lord and Lady Derby have placed
Knowsley at the Majesties' dUpoaa!
during the visit.
KJng Will IiJiy Cornerstone.
LONDON, March ' 26.— A working
model is shown in London of the pro
posed rnonorail between Liverpool and
Manchester. The model, • which is ; go
ing to the St. Louis Exposition, is one
sixteenth of the actual size and demon
strates the fact that a monorail train
'will not jump the Hne.
The running wheels are in the : cen
ter of the train; straddling a Roman A
shaped structure, at the apex of which
is the rail. The underworks of the car
riage hang down on each side and there
is an it Jous arrangement of hori
zontal wheels .which "run along the
guide rails half way down the Roman
A/ with flanges beneath, j
When the ' train *akes a curve the
pressure falls - upon these horizontal
•wheels and there is practically, no more
risk-in turning curves than in running
straight. Mr. Behr, the inventor, said
the speed of the \ railway to be built
from the model will be 110 : miles an
hour. ¦ .¦'••¦' •¦:
His Proposed Railroad . at
" St. Louis.
Inventor Behr - Will Exhibit Model of
SA"YS TRAIN "WILL RUN
110 MILES AN HOUR
• Isabella has t another weakness be
sides'artists and musicians, and that
is for policemen, .provided 'they, top,
be young and handsome. Isabella is
very, particular about her bodyguard
and finds it difficult to fill its ranks
with men who are both efficacious and
good looking. She has been known to
stop her carriage in the Champs Ely
sees to hail a policeman and invite him
to call at the Palais de Castille if he
wanted to enter her royal service, and
on one occasion, sitting. in her box at
the opera, she sent one I of her secre
taries up to the peanut gallery to make
similar, overtures to a, pleasing young
policeman whom she had spied through
her opera glass. The * policemen are
naturally compelled '¦ ' refer her ; gra
cious Majesty. to the Prefect of Police;
and Isabella bears a serious grudge
against Monsieur 'Lepine for the fact
that he has never once granted the
transfer of a' man from his staff to
hers. ¦ '¦ •
In summer ex-Queen Isabella has no
fixed residence,' but. leases for the sea
son nme historic chateau. One year it
will' be on the Riviera, and ' the next
in Normandy or in Touraine. Last
summer she was near Fontainebleau,
where she ' received her daughter-In-
tion and proceeds to examine him. If
he be homely, in the -royal eyes or if
a. gray hair or two gives an" impression
of premature \ rge. Isabella has him
ushered^out without parley. •„• If, on the
contrary, he passes inspection, he.must
then sit down at the 'piano, and- inter
pret classical pieces and his own-com
positions,' or else produce specimens of
his drawing and painting. . If the ; ex-
Queen approves, he is put' down on -the
list and his future is assured* Every
quarter a check is sent to him. for his
current expenses, and ever after he is
supposed to i call, at fixed intervals at
the Palais: de Castille. > Qnce.in a- while
Isabella, gives an entertainment for her
proteges, and, omitting all her usual so
ciety* friends, t she • Invites , local • Latin
Quarter; or Montmartre belles to meet
her artists and • musicians. .. And it is
said that the. old Queen enjoys these
unconventional balls and . receptions far
more -.than , she does -her staid court
function:,. ; • ¦ . . , .' - '
FONDNESS FOR POLICE3LEN. j
law, Queen Marie Christine of Spain",
vrlth all the honors rendered by one
monarch to another. - ' ¦>¦¦;¦
The most important event in Isabel
la's near future is her meeting with
Alfonso XIII when the latter ofli
cially visits Paris next, spring. She
loathes her grandson with such inten
sity that members of her court never
dare - mention his 'name before her,
knowing that it would, precipitate a
scene. But she considers that her rank
has 'its obligations, and she is prepar
ing to entertain Alfonso right roy
ally. There is, perhaps, only one opin
ion which the two have iir common, and
on the strength of which they "are pret
ty sure not to quarrel; and that is dis
like for Americans.
Cabinet Mi 'sters have followed the
lead of their chief and have never
called officially on Isabella; but their
wives are sometimes glad to call, and
there is not an aspirant or a has-been
of the political - world who Joes . not
seek admission to the ex-Queen's court
circle, and Isabella r^oeives them all in
view of the fact- the* they, cy some
day come to power and will n-t forget
her. As for the % French aristocracy, it
car~-' afford to slight a Bourbon, how
ever little it may approve of the old
Queen and her mode of life. And thus
it is that the republican element stands
at Isabella's levees -elbow, to elb.w with
Dukes and Marquises, such- as the De
Rohans, De la •' Rochefoucaulds, De
Bethuncs, De Luynes and other prince
ly houses of France. »
In spite of her great age— she was 73
at her last birthday — Isabella leads a
comparatively active' life. "' Colossally
rich, she nevertheless believes in house
hold economy, and' while not stinting
herself for anything, which may add to
her comfort or enjoyment, she person
ally inspects every detail of domestic
expenditure and sees that it Is reduced
to a minimum. But while careful al
most to the point of stinginess in this
respect, she enter' ains lavishly, she
loves fine horses and carriages fo,r her
daily drives, and her charities are enor
mous.
" However, In regard to her charities
as" .in other respects, ex-Queen Isabella,
has he^ own ideas. She never responds
to any petition for pecuniary assist
ance, and rarely adds her name to any
subscriptions, but she has two weak
nesses. Me ' -lartre musicians - and
Latin Quarter artists, on whom she will
squander her gold In unlimited quanti
ties, provided they be young, handsome
and talented. She. herself always
Judges these qualities. She has a spe
cial detachment of secretar'— who have
l.. other duty but to inform her of
new discoveries among the meritorious,
and to report the conduct of those al
ready under the queenly wing.'
When the secretaries hav~ reported
favorably on the subject of any one,
¦the C"ccn sends for the perc. x in aues-
of the former, and that is her greatest
cross in life; wherefore it is just possi
ble that the ruse of the old ex-Queen
may succeed, and that through the
good graces of Madame de Saint-Prix,
seconded by Madame Loubet, Isabella
may some day find diplomatic relations
established between the Elysee and the
Palace of Castille. . ;
- EX-QUEEN'S FRIENDS. ¦
"uncU nne noblesse" of l . nee meet
members of the republican set in so
ciety. Isabella has never been offi
cially recognized by a French Presi
dent, and has i ever been received at
the ,:iysee — the French White House—
and in the hope of improving her rela
tions some day she has formed a close
'intimacy with Madame de Saint-Prix,
Lonbet's daughter.
President Loul •?. for himself, has re
tard his 6imple country Pastes, but
his i has social ambitions. When
Loubet was elected President of the
Sen; . which was the first step tow
ird the Presidency of Franc. Madame
Loul t devoted two solid months to a
study of the French peerage and pro
locolary laws. The latter have been
rnon useful to her, but stfe has never
be<n ab*? to profit by her- knowledge
Several hundred such appointments
are made each y*ar by her, causing un
told tribulations to the Spanish Embas
sador, the Marquis del Muni, an old
friend of Isabella, whom he does not
like to disoblige, while at the same
time he is com. elled to respect the au
thority of his young liege lord, Al
fonso XIII. But Alfonso, while
brought up to conrlljr his royal grand
mamma as a holy horror, is neverthe
less indulgent toward her. and, prompt
ed by Del Muni, generally confirms a
limited number of decorations for her.
The ex-Queen's !on is one of the
fev neutral grounds in Paris where
• esentatives of the uncompromising
ALFONSO IS INDULGENT.
PARIS, March 26.— Though- fallen
from power, and living in exile for
thirty-five yearp, ex-Queen Isabella of
Spain still VeepS up the semblance of
a court in Paris. a»d surrounds her
self with chamberlains and secretaries
and gentlemen of the royal household,
to Bay nothing of courtiers and petty
officials of all descriptions. At her bi
monthly levees, she receives as a reign
ing Queen at her residence, the Palais
de Castille in the Avenue Kleber— and
nothing in the world could induce her
to return a call. She even pushes her
delusion of power to the extent of con
ferring decorations on her favorites,
and as she is too dignified an old lady
to invent decorations of her own she
confers authentic Spanish decorations,
which only the ruling monarch is sup
posed to have within his jurisdiction,
and which she calmly refers to the
Spanish legation in Paris for confirma
tion.
Old Lady Is Fond
of Artists and
Policemen.
It Is to his mother, Helen, Lady
Abinger, that the late Lord Abinger
has willed the property of the family.
Helen, Lady Abinger, was the daughter
of Commodore Magruder of the United
States navy, and niece of -Major Gen
eral J. B. Magruder of Texas. Not only
Ockleyia Surrey, the little property of
When somewhat, recovered, feeling
that the, poor peasants were denying
themselves the necessities, of to.
feed her, she declared to them that she
had friends . near, and ' left, "blessing
them for their, kindness.'. She, poor
thing, who has nothing for herself, is
now looked upon .as a, kind of mascot
by the family . who took her in, as from
the time they saw her their . worldly
affairs have improved. '
'. The next that was heard of Hannaa
was when the American Consul, Mr.
de Castro, was told by the police that
they had found a woman lying in the
streets of Rome, who seemed to be an
American. The unfortunate was again
dying of hunger and exposure and to
repeated appeals would only reply, "Let
me die: let me dial" The authorities
cared for her. butMt only took a mo
ment for one of her own nationality
to understand that suffering had had
its effect, and that she was no longer
capable of \ giving a connected story.
She was put in a house. of restraint,
but being so gentle and melancholy,
was not > sufficiently well watched, she
escaped, fled Into the country, about
two miles from Rome, and laid herself
on .the railway tracks. The searchers
found her Just in time to drag her off
as a train thundered by. • Again her
wail was, "I want to die, why have
you- prevented- me!" She is quite in
capable c " giving a connected story,
but it is certain that she comes from
Raleigh, and she says she is alone in
the world.
LADY- ABINGER'S FORTUNE.
that such a thing should happen to an
American in Italy, and in consequence,
says my Rome correspondent, the Ital
ians are deeply interested in the sad
story of a woman now in detention in
Rome. Hannah Jackson Stevens, or
Stevens Jackson, of Raleigh, North
Carolina, a woman about 35 years of
age, who- must once have been comely,
finding herself without means or friends
at home, and having heard in a vague
way of the sunny skies -of Italy, and
that the people could live happily, on
a few cents a day, . determined , to try
her luck there. No one knows how
she got to Naples, and the next link in
the story is when a peasant near Capua,
having gone into the forests to gather
wood,, suddenly came, upon the body
of what -he took for a dead woman.
With the instinct of the Italian peasant
against anything dead, he fled, but
curiosity, fortunately, overcame super
stition, and he returned to find, out
who- it was. . Her^heart was, still beat
ing, so he carried her to the village,
where the good people soon put her
to bed andhad a doctor in 'attendance.
Apparently, she had been in the wood
without food for l days.- She wag
wasted to a skeleton, her sodden
clothes clinging'to lief . limbs; as there
had just been one of the worst storms
of the season, while her matted hair
was full of leaves and twigs, masses of
it being between her fingers, pulled
from her head in her agony. "
PREPARING A KING'S BATH.
The .alterations originally planned
were nearing completion when the new
order was issued, and the builders had
some dlfllculty in finding a room that
to their view could be conveniently con
verted into an electric bath to accomo
date such an important personage as
the King. The Duchess met the diffi
culty by insisting that if her . own
boudoir had to be , sacrificed the bath
must be constructed. Luckily," the late
owner, of Kylemore had the castle sup
plied with its own electric light installa
tion, otherwise the Duke and Duchess
would have to- spend some thousands of
dpllars now to fit. up a : bath for the
King.
Nothing attracted King Edward's at
tention so much durfhg his last visit
to Skibo Castle as Mr Carnegie's
luxurious swimming baths. He insist
ed upon having a plunge and after he
had 'emerged he expressed a wish that
he could have a similar luxury at one
of • his own palaces. But j in spite of
the fact that the Skibo baths are ac
knowledged to be the most luxuriously
equipped in Europe they do not satisfy
Mr. Carnegie. Since he left for the
United States a number of workmen
have been overhauling, them, giving an
additional polish to the beautiful mar
ble of, which they are constructed. A
service of Russian and Turkish baths
is being installed.
From The Netherlands comes renewed
reports that poor little" Queen Wilhel
mina is looking' sad and greatly differ
ent from the radiant girl -whose wed
ding is still fresh in the memory of all.
It is true that her fa^e is round and
chubby, but the girlishness has van
ished, and in its place has appeared a
set. expression of forced calmness. The
sturdy, phlegmatic Hollanders ,¦ shake
their heads dubiously when they speak
of her. They will not admit that their
idolized young sovereign can be at all
in fault. All ; is set down fo the score
of the Prince Consort, who is said -to
be : - dogged of temper and somewhat
devoid of tact. ¦ . ,
CHARITY FOR AX AMERICAN.
''Although : it is common enough for
Americans to hear of cases of want and
suffering among the Italian's who flit to
their shores, it is almost unprecedented
LONDON, March 26.— Kylemore Cas
tle, the recently acquired Irish home of
the Duke and Duchess of Manchester,
is competing with Windsor Castle and
Buckingham Castle in the matter of
equipment. In the accounts of the
extensive alterations that have been
proceeding there for months past, c-ne
important detail has escaped observa
tion. The fact that the King has had
recourse to electric light baths since
his coronation illness had been over
looked by the Duke and Duchess when
the specifications of the alterations were
submitted to. them. When it . became
known that his Majesty would, stay
at Kylemore during. his tour in the west
of Ireland and "the Duchess .becoming
acquainted with the fact that- Windsor
and Buckingham palaces were supplied
with the , electric baths, from '.which
King "Edward had received so much
benefit, she" gave instructions-, that a
similar bath must be installed at Kyle
more.
Abbott Graves of Boston is again in
Paris studying art. He is a very prom
inent member of the American Art Club
in the Latin Quarter in Paris, being
on the board of governors, chairman of
the entertainment and' of the art com
mittee, etc. During the past. summer
Mr. Graves has been in Vollendam,
Holland, making a number. of studies
for pictures, and has given one of his
sketches for the wall' of the American
Art Club. It is considered to be quite
the finest sketch yet^received and is of
a girl on a pier in bright sunlight with
a breezy sea and sky. - -
J. T. Harwood of Salt Lake City, who
is in Paris studying art, has been re
ceiving congratulations from masters
and art students of the Latin Quarter,
Paris, for a series of successes this ses
sion. Mr. Harwood; not only won first
position in the "Torse Homme" Con
cours with a strong study, but was first
also in* the composition competition at
the Academie Julian. Mrs. Harwood
and their children are also staying in
Paris to learn French and to the
amusement of both Mr. and Mrs. Har
wood and their friends, the children, so
quick at picking up new words, begin
to speak the language better than their
parents.
r F. T. • Knewing of San Francisco i»
staying at the Hotel Cecil. London.
Miss Allda Ghirardelll of San Fran
cisco, who is in Paris studying art, is
exhibiting three examples of her work
at the winter exhibition of American
"Women's Art Association of Paris.
Last year Miss Ghirardelli studied at
the Lawton Parker School of Art in
Paris, under the professoYs Messieurs
Simon and Cottet. going afterward to
spend the summer in Holland, where
she painted the two - Dutch Interiors
now on exhibition for the first time.
Miss Ghirardelli is now working: in a
studio of her own in the Latin Quarter.
which she had the use during her son'»
lifetime, has now come to her. but also
the London house Jn Cornwall Gardens,
and Inverlochy Castle in Inverness
shirc. One of the reasons for this
curious send-back of the family pos
sessions is that the late Lord Abinger's
kinsman and heir presumptive was
married to a Roman Catholic and he
could not endure the idea of a Roman
Catholic reigning: at Inverlochy. so hav
ing the power to da so he willed almost
everything he possessed to his mother.
In, consequence the new Lord Abinger
receives the title, but finds his inheri
tance reduced to a mere 510,000 a year.
Helen, Lady =• Abinger. was one of the
pioneers of Christian . Science in Eng
land and is still one of its most ardent
supporters.' Her husband was the Lord
Abinger who served wit'h such distinc
tion in the Crimea. . •
Andrew Carnegie's Swimming Tanks, the Most Luxurious in Europe, Do Not
S - ~ Suit the Steel "Magnate and They Are to'Be Overhauled.
• ¦
American Girl Starving in Italy.
KYLEMORE CASTLE TO BE REMODELED
THAT THE KING MAY HAVE HIS BATH
EX-QUEEN ISABELLA OF SPAIN AND HER HOME IN PARIS.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, MARCH 2T, 1904.
EX-QUEEN ISABELLA LIVES IN ROYAL STYLE IN PARIS
ATTENDED BY SECRETARIES, CHAMBERLAINS AND COURTIERS
Pages 17to 20
4 +
• . . >-tf^ ¦ /•" V ¦ . . - .¦ •
4 +
Pages 17 to 20Yerba Buena Lodge of the~ Fraternal
Brotherhood,' recently organized, at its
meeting in the Odd Fellows' building
last week, had a large attendance of
members and of visitors from the sev
eral lodges in this city. Supreme Or
ganizer Lewis and the drill team; of
Progress Lodge, in uniform, was in at
tendance. The latter/assisted in Initi
aling a number of candidates. Under
good for the order, there were address
es by a number of the visitors. This
Fraternal Brotherhood.
Knights of Honor.
Arrangements are being made to get
up a grand entertainment In this city
in celebration of the anniversary of the
Knights of Honor next June.
The board of grand officers has under
consideration a proposition which has
been presented to It to start an ag
gressive campaign In this city shortly.
Saxon Lodge of this city recently ini
tiated three strangers and received four
applications.
The lodge In Los Angeles admitted
six strangers at its last held meeting,
and at 1 the next meeting will admit
eight more.
Liberty Lodgfe at its last held meeting
decided to give a picnic at Camp Tay
lor May 30. The business of the even-
Ing was foftowed by a smoker and a
programme of entertainment for th«
members.
During the recent session of the
Grand Council of the Royal Arcanum
recently held'in Los Angeles Grand Re
gent Gunzendorfer presented a compre
hensive report of the work of the year,
and Its reading was frequently ap
plauded. The other reports presented
showed the death of two life members
during the year — H. A. Brown and Dan
iel Clay. The net gain for the year was
294. The very complete report of
Grand Secretary Maloon, setting forth
the details of the order, showed that
the greatest gain was made by Buena
Vista Council of San Francisco, name
ly, . 15S per cent. It was awarded the
Grand Council banner. The grand body
decided to offer a second prize In fu
ture,, which may be in the nature of
a handsome ballot box. An attempt
to hold biennial sessions was
ed. Messrs. Gunzendorfer, Maloon and
Newmark were continued as the com
mittee on revision of the proceedings
of the order. The grand body adopted
strong resolutions in regard to mem
bers attending- meetings for the pur
pose of Identification. In case of death.
The death of George W. Dlxon was an
nounced. Resolutions to his memory
were adopted and ordered sent to his
family. The following is a complete
result of the election:
Alternate supreme representative. G. Gun
zendorfer- of San Francisco; grand regent.
Robert F. Jones of Santa Monica; grand
vice regent. Fred S. Thomas of Lea An
l?eles:\grand orator, A. H. Merrill of San
Francisco; sitting, past grand regent. G' Gun-'
zendorfer; grand secretary. D. W. Maloon of
Royal Arcanum.
Precita Parlor, N. S. G. W., at its
meeting of March 10 had a social time
after the election of delegates to the
Grand Parlor that Is to meet in Vallejo
April 25. The parlor, which has some
very clever entertainers, had an Im
promptu programme of songs, music
and recitations, besides addresses. On
that evening the parlor organized a
drum corps with a large membership
and elected Louis Meyer drum major.
The parlor has appointed J. C. Griffin,
J. S. Earles and D. J. Wren as the
executive officers who are ,. to have
charge of the parlor's picnic to be given
in Sunset Park August 7.
Santa Rosa Parlor of the N. S. G. W.
celebrated the twentieth anniversary of
Its organization last Monday by giving
a social , function, to which m«ny of the
prominent citizens of Seinta Rosa were
invited. .
Bay City Parlor, .Native Sons of the
Golden West, has chosen Henry ; G. W.
Dinkelspiel, Louis Hirsch and. Harry
Levison as its delegates to the Grand
Parlor, which opens its next annual
session In Vallejo April 28.
Olympus. Parlor, on the night of
March' 16, had a large number of mem
bers present in its hall on Devisadero
street ' and elected Andrew Mocker and
Julius Eppsteln ; as ; ' delegates to the
Grand - Parlor. William I." Burns - and
He*nry "Joost were .chosen alternates:
This ¦ parlor.; has for some ; months past
been cultivating . the ; social ' feature of
the order with '¦ a ( result that there '¦ has
befcn a marked increase at every meetf
Ing. The whist tournaments have de
veloped a number of excellent players
and 'the members are so elated over
Native Sons.
The Oakland Council is still increas
ing under the leadership of Mrs. E.
M. Hannivan.
Golden Gate Council has changed
its meeting place from Odd Fellov.-3'
Hall to the Supreme Court building.
Last week Berkeley Council of the
Order of Pendo initiated a class of
candidates . in the presence of many
members, after which there was a
banquet that kept the company to
gether until midnight
Home Council Is still progressing
and a number of applications have
been received.
G. S. Howard, writing from Los An
geles, asserts that before the end of
the current year more than 1000
members will be added to the order In
Los Angeles and vicinity.
A new council has been instituted
In Alma Gordo. N. M., with a good
charter list. The officers say that be
fore three months the council will
have a membership of 150.
Order of Pendo.
Colonel A. Marks, Uniform Rank of
the Knights of Pythias, installed the
officers of Company 49 in Vallejo last
week. *¦;
A committee of the Grand Lodge of
the order is preparing a funeral serv
ice for use in the lodgeroom, and will
present the same at the next conven
tion of that body.
Grand Chancellor Bradley V. Sar
gent, on the occasion of his official
visit, March 16, to Charter Oak/Cen
tennial and Nemo lodges, in joint ses
sion in the lodgeroom of the first
named. In Pythian Castle, was greeted
by a very large number of Knights,
among them: Stockton Company No.
12, of the Uniform Rank, and delega
tions of Knights from Lodi, Wood
bridge, Lathrop and Tracy. The meet
ing was one of instruction, and the
grand chancellor during the course of
a lengthy address called attention to
the necessity of practical work for the
advancement of the cause of Pythian
ism in this domain. District Deputy
Grand Chancellor C. H. Starkey of the
Evening Record was chairman of the
meeting. At the close of the session
Harold Lorraine entertained the
Knights with vocal selections, after
which there was an adjournment to
the banquet hall. n
Grand Chancellor Sargent announces
the following visitations during April:
April 5,' Pasadena; 6th. Santa Monica;
7th, Alhambra; 8th, Long Beach; 9th,
San Pedro: 11th, Riverside: 12th San
Bernardino; 13th, Colton: 14th, Red
lands; 15th, Santa Ana; 16th, Pomona.
Grand Prelate D. C. Clark will offi
cially visit ,Palo Alto March 31 and San
Mateo April 1\ < _
Grand Vice Chancellor R. F. Burns
visited Petaluma Lodge Monday, March
21, Santa Rosa on Tuesday, Ukiah on
Wednesday and Willitts on Thursday.
Mrs. Maude Sheehan, grand * chief)
Rathbone Sisters, instituted a temple
of that order at Winters March 25.
Another temple is ready for institution
at Whlttler.
Companies of the Uniform Rank will
soon be mustered in at Paso^ Robles
and Willlts. Brigadier General C. F.
McOlashan will be the mustering of
ficer.
Grand Vice ' Chancellor R. F. Burns
Knights of Pythias.
The following named won prizes at
th« recent whist tournament given by
the auxiliary: ' M. Morrell, first, and
E. P. Heald,- second gentleman's prize,
and Mrs. Jones of Fresno and Mrs. G.
E. Dorn. first and second ladies' prizes,
respectively. - \ ,
Mr*. W. R. Jones, president; Mrs. S. A.
McDonnell, first vica president; Mrs. A. M.
Cox, acting as second vice president; Mrs.
William MartensteUr secretary; Miss M. J.
Brags, assistant secretary; Mr*. J. T. Ix>«
gan, treasurer; Mrs. George Bennett, Mrs.
II. P. Barber, . Mrs George Brown. Mrs. H.
H. Brann. Mrs. T. tr. Crowley, Mrs. William
Crocker. Mrs. S. Clark, Mrs. W. F. Cordes,
Mrs. J. B. Charleston. Mrs. H. Darakroeger,
Mrs. G. E. Dorn, Mrs. G. H. Dyer. Mrs. H.
F. Eastman; ¦ Mrs. D. E. F. Easton, Mrs.
P. F. Ferguson. Mrs. H. T. Grave*. Mrs.
K. W. Gates. Mrs. George Hass, . Mrs. T.
L. Henderson. Mrs. II. E. Holmes, Mrs.
A. Hromada. Mrs. C. F. Humphrey. Mrs.
13. P. Heald. . Mrs. A. Huber. Mrs. J. P.
Jaegling. Mrs.. M. Johnson, Mrs. . Martin
Jones. Mrs. F. Johnson, Mrs. William Koe
nlg, Mrs. JuIIujj Lowe, Mrs. H. Maundrell.
Mrs J. Mills, Mrs. R. E. Miller, Mrs. F. D.
Marsh, Mrs. W. ¦ H. Martenstein. ' Mrs. S. A.
McDonnell. Mrs. J. F. Mclntosh. Mrs. H.
McJunken. Miss E. Murray, Mrs. R. ,w.
Neil Mrs. G. H. Newman, Mrs. H. D. Nich
ols, Mlna Eva Powell, Mrs. J. I,. Prior,
Mrs. It. L,. Radke. Mrs. F. S. Snell, • Mrs.
C W. Taber. Mrs. Van. Mrs. West. Mrs.
O*. W. Wlttman. Mrs. M.- A. Wheaton and
Mrs. James Young.
The session of the Ladies' Auxiliary
to California Commandery, Knights
Templar, on the third Wednesday In
March, in Utopia Hall, Elks' building,
was* very interesting and was well at
tended. During the business portion of
the meeting Mrs. 7W. Stocker and Mrs.
Reiss Were initiated and Mrs. W. K.
Fletcher, Mrs/ E. J. Morser,' Mrs. A.
King and Mrs. Stanford were elected to
membership. After the routine of busi
ness those, present were entertained
with delightful vocal selections by Mrs.
L. C. Pistolesi and Miss Ada McDonell.
Then followed a luncheon, during which
Mrs. William Roderick Jones, the very
popular president, was congratulated
on the anniversary of her birth, and
then Miss Mary Bragg, in a beautifully
worded speech, presented to her, on be
half of the auxiliary, a handsome can
delabra of solid silver. The following
named were at the meeting:
Ladies' Auxiliary.
lodge is making arrangements for an
entertainment in the near future,
j Aurora, Lodge had a good attendance
of members and visitors at its meet
ing in the Shiels building last week.
After the routine business the doors
were opened and a number of. strangers
was admitted. .A brass band- of eight
pieces I played choice selections. Su
preme Organizer H. C- Lewis delivered
an interesting address, and -then sev
eral members of the lodge sang songs,
gave recitations and told short stories.
This lodge proposes to make its meet
ings interesting by having an entertain
ment at the close of session.
San Francisco Lodge gave a very in
teresting entertainment on the second
Friday in March in its lodgeroom in
the Native Sons' building to an audi
ence of more than 200 people. The pro
gramme of entertainment was, as us
ual, up to the standard that this sub
ordinate has adopted and was greatly
enjoyed by all.
Progress Lodge of the Fraternal
Brotherhood recently gave a delightful
party under the auspices of the drill
team In the assembly hall of the Red
Men's building. There was a large at
tendance, good music and a well ar
ranged pro-gramme. The members of
the team were all attired In their new
and very neat uniforms.' This lodge will
give a bonbon party and social in the
Red Men's building next Wednesday.
The grand march will be started at 8:45
o'clock and will be led by the drill team
in uniform. t
is arranging a tour of official visits,
to the lodges at Junction City, Knob,
Hay Fork and Trinity Center, of which
due notice wSJl be given.
Brigade headquarters Is preparing a
circular, letter to the Knights Loyal of
the Uniform Rank relative to attend
ance upon the biennial encampment of
the Uniform Rank at Louisville, Ky.,
during the Supreme Lodge convention
in August next. It is expected that a
large number of Californians will par
ticipate and also attend Pythian day
at the World's Fair at St. Louis Au
gust 25.
i WELL-KNOWN 'MEMBERS OF LOCAL FRATERNITIES. \
Supreme Deputy Chief Ranger G. Q.
Stewart and High Treasurer Cameron
paid a' visit last week to Court Apollo
for the purpose of enthusing the mem
bership in regard to the challenge;ac
cepted by the San Francisco board of
deputies, on behalf of the local courts,
to. enter into a contest with the courts
of Los Angeles to secure members dur
ing a stated period. .
A ; companion court of the ¦. order is
being organized under the .auspices of
the membership of Court -Diana. Mrs.
McPherson is the
Wildwood Court, recently instituted
at B*oulder Creek, and Court . Oakland
both 'report < very, satisfactory progress.
Past High Chief Ranger O. S. Cooper
paid a visit to Brentwood and gave the
Foresters of that place "a long talk on
the , subject of the order and the ne
cessity, for energetic work.
• Court* Seal; Rock at its meeting _ last
week\ received .seven applications, and
it made arrangements for a party to be
given on April 4, when" High Treasurer
Ed Cameron .will make •; it exceedingly
Interesting for members and visitors,
as he will be the master of ceremonies.
Independents.
At ay joint'meeting of the members
of the several courts of San Fran
cisco held in Pioneer Hall March 16,
at which Alexander Nicholson of
Court Robin Hood/ one of the oldest
Foresters ( in the State, having been a
member of the order for forty-five
years, presided, there was ini
tiated a class of 100 candidates, al
though more than double that num
ber of applications had been present
ed, but many absented themselves on
account of the storm. A number of
high officers were present and these
were escorted to seats of honor,, by
Court Apollo's team of Foresters, car
rying axes. The opening address was
delivered by B.. E. Connell of Court
Ivanhoe. The work of initiation was
by a team of which Chief Ranger
Crackle of Court Wyersdale was the
chief. At the close of the ceremony
there were addresses by Henry Bea
ver, P. H. C. R.; George W. Lunt, H.
C. T.; W. F. Jones, H. C. S. W.; J.
Hagan, H. C. S. B., and Permanent
Secretary John Falconer. Between
addresses the Foresters' juvenile band
discoursed sweet music. The affair
was carried to a successful termina
tion by a committee consisting of
Charles Dent, L. F. Stephenson, R. E.
Connell, A. G. Pocock and Joseph
Roberts. The same night all the
courts of the jurisdiction met for the
purpose of initiating strangers, but
the result of such initiations will not
be known until the returns are sent
in at headquarters.
Court Star of the Mission gave an en
tertainment to . Its members and In
vited guests ; In the social hall ' of the
Ancient Order of Foresters building last
Wednesday night.
Court Oak Grove is arranging for a
social to be given on the night of
April 5. "
Court Westport, Mendocino County,
initiated" a class of twenty at its meet
ing last week...
The visit, l of- the juvenile band of San
Francisco '.to!; Stockton to meet with
the boys* J.band*there,.. which had been
announced^for- the early part, of the
current, menth, will not be made until
April. 8.; •"¦-._ V . ¦ v?:
Foresters of- Old.
their success that, they, express the hope
that lother. .parlors of ~ the - order will
start- like' tournaments so they - may
have an opportunity to challenge them.
Alta Parlor No. -3, Native Daughters
of the Golden "West, has appointed a
committee to make arrangements for a
banquet to be tendered to its members
in the near future.
Gabrielle Parlor's married members
entertained the single members recent
ly, giving a character party. The mem
bers^ represented a number of the char
acters In the comic papers. During
April the single members will entertain
the married ones. -^ \
Nearly all the parlors in tae Interior
are observing the arbor day of the
order, planting trees in public places
and along roads. The tree that was
planted in Golden Gate Park by Keith
Parlor a year ago last April is flourish-
Ing and recently has been designated
from the others In the vicinity by hav
ing had placed upon it a copper plate
on^vhich is engraved its history.
Keith Parlor Is making arrangements
for a picnic An. the near future.
Miss Pearl Hoskin, past president of
Dardanelle Parlor of " Sonora, was in
this city last week and called at the
office of the grand secretary.
At the last held meeting of Keith
Parlor, N. D. G. W. t on motion of Gen
evieve Carroll, the parlor took the lead
in a movement on the part of thi
Native Daughters to aid the Father
McKinnon memorial fund. Miss Car
roll urged this as a matter of broad
patriotic import ' and said that it' was
"specially befitting that the project
should be advanced by the parlor which
was named for the broad-minded junior
past^grand president of the order, who
has always stood for progress of the
order along civic lines, the preserva
tion of historic landmarks and th»
honoring of the men and the memories
of those who have made history." Past
Grand President Keith paid a glowing
tribute to the late Father McKinnon
and pledged her ardent support to the
movement. The parlor then presented
to Grand Secretary Laura J. Frake3
the official communication to the Grand
Parlor asking that it contribute to the
memorial fund, and it was decided to
send a letter to the grand president.
Miss Finkeldey, notifying her of th«»
parlor's action In the matter. Mrs.
Rose of Wenona Parlor of Arcata was
a guest of the parlor during the even
ing. : .
Native Daughters.
The Knights of the Golden Banner,
a Swedish organization of this city,
with a membership of fifty, has marie
application to become a lodge of Odd
Fellows, to work in the Swedish lan
guage.
The Encampment b/anch of the or
der is making rapid progress. The
encampment at Azusa and the one at
Redlands each recently initiated ten
candidates. The last named has pur
chased robes for its officers at a cost
of $400.
All lodges in the State are prepar
ing to celebrate the anniversary of the
foundation of the order, which falls
on Tuesday, April 26. Los Angeles
will have a grand celebration and Past
Master Barnes has accepted an invita
tion to be the orator of the day.
The Past Grands* Association of the
Independent Order of Odd Fellows, W.
A. S. Nicholson president, at its meet
ing last week elected W. I. Brobeck
secretary, vice A. G. Clarke, resigned.
There was a large attendance and it
was decided that the association pay a
visit to Farnsworth Lodge on
March 23.
Goodfellowshlp Camp and Occidental
Camp of the Modern Woodmen of
America and Enright Camp of the Roy
al Neighbors of America have jplned
hands for the purpose of giving an en
tertainment next Thursday nl?ht. J.
C. Goodwin, Dr. O'Neil tlnd Mrs.
O'Neil have been selected as the com
mittee to make all arrangements.
Occidental Camp at its last held
meeting had a good attendance ird re
ceived several applications for mem
bership, which were referred to appro
priate committees.
Supreme Deputy J. O. Davis Institut
ed a new camp in Petaluma last week
with twenty-five charter members.
The new camp Is named for the city in
which it is located. The Instituting of
ficer was assisted by Deputy H. H.
Bliss and the officers and the initiatory
team of the camp in Santa Rosa. The
ceremony was followed by a banquet.
Mrs. Rose Bliss, deputy supreme ora
cle of the Royal Neighbors. Instituted
a camp of that order in Petaluma
last Monday with more than twenty
five charter members.
?
The Odd Fellows.
Modern Woodmen.
Grand Arch Druidess Mrs. Louise
Zazzi and all the grand officers resi
dent in San Francisco, also Junior Past
Grand Arch Druidess Mrs. Frances
Williams, paid a visit to El Dorado
Circle last week and were cordially
welcomed in the hall that had been
most beautifully decorated. For the
purpose of demonstrating how well the
officers can do the work, of the order,
there was the initiation of a class of
six candidates. The officers under the
leadership of Mrs. Louise Lacaze, the
arch druidess, were highly commended,
as were also the seven ladies who, dur
ing the Initiatlory work, formed the <
central star. The officers and these*
ladies were all attired in white. The
work of the evening 'was followed by a
banquet.
A new Druidic temple was recently
dedicated to the order in Stockton by
Noble Grand Arch Beck, assisted by
Grand Secretary Martinoni, Deputy
Grand Arch Charles de Leigh and Past
Grand Arch Cavagnaro, with all the
ceremonies provided for In the ritual
for such an event. The place was
decorated with oak and mistletoe, and
after the ceremony there was an hour
of addresses by the grand officers
named and F. D. Campbell, the dis
trict deputy grand arch. This hall will
be occupied by the three groves of
Stockton and by the circle of ladies
of the order. A social hour followed the
speech making. The affair was delight
fully managed by G. Lagretti, Jose
Silva, F. D. Campbell and J. Simon.
In consequence of high water in the
vicinity of the meeting places, the of
ficial visits to Marconi Grove and to
Lisbon Grove have been postponed.
Fresno Grove, recently rehabiliated,
reports through Deputy Ambrosali,
twelve initiations at the last held meet
ing and twelve more candidates for the
next. Cambria Grove reports initia
tions at each meeting, and Reno Grove
of Reno, Nevada, reports good work.
On the evening of March 16 Grand
Druidess Mrs. Zazzi and other officers
paid an official visit to Elvin Circle.
This circle, which for a long time bat
tled-with adversity, is again on the line
of prosperity. Nine candidates were
initiated on the occasion of the visit,
and Mrs. Zazzi, the arch druidess, was
highly complimented.
Druidic Order.
28. The tribe will confer the adoption
degree April 11 on many palefaces.
Court Noe Valley gave a smoker to
Its members in Duveneck Hall last
week, and between smokes there was
presented a programme of addresses,
songs and instrumental music.
Companion Court Golden Gate gave a
Jinks in Franklin Hall last week. There
was a good attendance and an enjoy
able programme.
At the meeting alluded to High Vice
Chief Ranger Stewart and J. P. Mur
phy, president of the Board of San
Francisco Deputies, were present 2nd
addressed the members.
The last held meeting of Court
Southern Heights was well attended,
and the large membership was address
ed by the high vice chief ranger and
the president of the deputies on the
subject of the contest between the
courts of 'this city and those of Los
Angeles.
Club Pride of California, composed of
members of Junior Court Pride of Cal
ifornia, will give a picnic July 17.
Grand Recording Secretary Dr.
Charles M. Troppmann. accompanied
Grand Senior Beadle Henry Haab on
hia official visit, March 14, to Court
Teutonia, San Jose. H. A. Gabriel, th«
Grand Chief Ranger, was present. On©
candidate was Initiated, three applica
tions were presented and much enthu
siasm was manifested. The work of
the evening was followed by a ban
quet and talks by the grand officers.
The 6ame officers visited Court Schil
ler at Stockton March 18, and witness
ed the initiation of one candidate. Tha
work of this, a German court, was in
the English language. There was a
banquet after the close of the court
The Grand Recording Secretary clos
ed his official tour by the visit he paid
to Court Yerba Buena last week. Tha
Grand Recording Secretary was well
received wherever he went.
Club General Lawton, the member
ship of which Is limited to the mem
bers of Court General Lawton, will go
on an excursion to Stockton April 24.
A report received from Abillne, Tex..
is to the effect that the court of that
name In that city Is doing remarkably
well. " v^
American Circje of Petaluma, on the
evening of the third Saturday in
March, gave a grand ball to its.mem
bers and friends. "* • '.',
Elmhurst Circle, Companions of the
F. of A., will give a basket social in its
meeting place, Red Men's Hall, Elm
hurst, April 24.
James G. Blaine Circle will have a
¦•family reunion at Buena Vista Park,
Sausalito, May 5.
Foresters of America.
Calumet Tribe received six applica
tions at its last held meeting and is
pivparins for a monster smoker March
dec* flags and bunting The attendance
was large and the imposition of fine3
on those who transgressed the leap
year rules was productive of much
Tunusement to those who were fortu
r*ite enough to keep out of the clutches
of the ftolice women. Those who con
ducted this affair were Mrs. M. T. AHI-.
ipan, -Mrs. Temple. LiJlie Rowan, W.
Brown, M. T. Alliman. B. Madden and
Jifcrble Price, the last named acting as
floor manager.
Pocahontas Council on the third Sat
urday in March gave a leap year
dance in the assembly hall of the Shlels
building, in which the members spent
a great deal of time, decorating It with
garlands of evergreens and flowers,
On the second sleep of the worm
,moon Great Chief of Records Bliss
trailed to the hunting grounds of Tu
lare, where, with the assistance of the
"degree team of Umpqua Tribe of Han
ford, he instituted a new tribe called
Kawah, with sixty-six charter pale
•faces. A special train came in from
Hanford with a large number of
who, after the ceremonies, were
.'guests of the pew tribe at a feast of
corn and venison, after which there
.were many long and short talks for the
•gaod of the new tribe. J. T. Doran was
raised up as the sachem and George E.
Rice as the chief of records.
On the following sleep the same great
• chief instituted Yokute Tribe at Mc-
Kittrick. Kern County, with fifty-five
•charter palefaces. This- was organized
by Albert Dille and Byron Stovall. C.
A. Haverly was raised up as sachem
and C. R. Chase as chief of records.
This addition to the tribal strength
was also followed by a feast and talks.
Great Sachem Samuels and Great
Chief of Records "Bliss will officially
visit Umpqua Tribe at Hanford on the
twenty- fourth sleep of the worm
moon. Arrangements have been made
to have delegations of chiefs come by
ppecial trains from Fresno, Lemoore,
Tulare and Visalia.
Potomac Council's entertainment and
leap year dance in the Red Men's
building on the night of the third
Wednesday in March was a decided
Buccess, the attendance being large
and the programme of a pleasing: char
acter. This was made up of piano se
lections by Edna Murray, recitations
by Queena Leithead. Madge Isham,
Mrs. Saunders and Mrs. Barclay and
vocal selections by Anna Reichardt,
accompanist, Minnie Reichardt. Queei.a
B. Leithead was the mistress of cere^
monies. This was followed by dancing
under special leap" "year rules, which
were unusually severe upon the gentle
men who were so forgetful as to vio
late them, as they discovered when
Mrs. L. Derrick, as chief of police, took
them to jail. The affair was conducted
under the supervision of Dr. Leithead,
Mrs. %U Doyle. Louise Derrick. Mrs. R.
launders, Elizabeth Apple and Lottie
Morris.
The Red Men.
Miss. Martha G. Lester and Mrs.
Alexander Bain will represent Forget-
Me-Not Lodge in the Grand Lodge,
which is to convene in Fresno on
April 13. Mrs. C. T. Spencer will be
in attendance at the Grand Lodge as
fi member of the bylaws committee.
«.Iiss MaA>el Lester has been elected
usher and Frank J. Maguire financier
of the lodge. Mrs. Fred Rothganger,
an active- member, is recovering from
a severe attack of illness.
ander " Bain, acting as chief servitor,
Jiandert out coffee, cakes and dough
nuts during the evening. The affair
Viil- net the lodge the greatest sum it
has ever, received at a pay social func
tion. ¦ •"
Vocal selections by Mrs. R. H. Robb
Lnd recitations by Miss Ethel Farley.
Dtiriftg.the grand march Sam Booth,
Edwin.' Danforth and Miss Loretta B.
Donnelly, acting as judges, decided
that Miss Pearl O. Miller was entitled
trt the. lady's prize and William Kline
to the gentleman's for wearing the
most poverty-stricken garb. Alex-
• The "hard times dance" given by
Forget-Me-Not Lodge. Degree of
Honor. March 17 was a complete suc
t-ess. notwithstanding the inclemency
at the weather. The hall was filled
\\jth a jolly crowd attired in "hard
times" garb. On the programme were
.the names of Governor George C. Par
dee. Mayor E. E. Schmitz. Edwin Dan
forth. P. G. M. W.; Claudius Talesien
Spencer and E. A; Freeman as the
honorary committee; Mrs. C. T.
Spencer, wife of the grand recorder of
the Ancient Order of United Work
iRin: Mrs. A. L. Simpson. Mrs. Alex
ander Bain, the executive committee,
and Mr?. Charles P. Shea, Miss Martha
¦<;.- lister and Fred Rothganger, floor
and assistant floor managers, and
those 'of the officers of the lodge as
the 'floor committee. During the even
ing the company was entertained with
lodgrroom of the last named in
Mangels Hall. At that time these two
loflges will celebrate the seventeenth
i^iniversary of institution.
The' headquarters of the Grand
Lodfre of California have been moved
from the Callaghan building to the
Upper Hoor of 1412 Market street and
the offices occupy the entire floor.
The Past Masters' Asociation -will
take its paraphernalia to Fresno next
month for the purpose of conferring
the Mogulion degree on a number of
candidates during the week of the
session cf the Grand Lodge.
Fairmount Lodge -will consolidate
with Alta Lodge on April 26 in the
• The Workmen of Los Angeles had a
/rcand i»ublic meeting on the night of
March 24.
the Grand Lodge adopt legislation
looking to the establishment of relief
hoards of the order, one such to be
established in every city where there
i',:<* tvro or more lodges.
At a meeting of the San Francisco
extension committee of the Ancient
Order of United "Workmen of this city
•last week several matters of import
"anre to the order were discussed. One
of • thepe was a recommendation to
the Grand Lodge at its next session of
the adoption of a. uniform button
¦if* be worn by members; another that
Los Angelea (re-elected); grand treasurer,
Hernan Dyer o' Pasadena, <re-«lected); grand
chaplain. Rev. F. S. Brush of Alameda; grand
guide. Henry Gr-enawalt of Los Angeles;
grand warden. W. E. Eenedlct of Alamerta;
grand . ««ntry. Peter A. Kelly of Los An
gales. and grand trustee (for three years).
William V. N. Bay of San Francisco. Tha
grand officers w«re Installed by Joseph A.
Langfltt. sitting past supreme regent of the
order, who represented the supreme rfgen:.
THE SAN FRANCISCO/ CALU ; ; ¦ SUNDAY, MARCH 27/ 1904.
ECHOES FROM THE LODGE ROOM
18Mrs. Fiske, in "Hedda Gabler," at the
Grand Opera-house, is the chief at
traction of the dramatic week here. It
will be the first time Mrs. Fiske has
played the part, locally made known to
us by a few matinee performances by
Nance O'Neill- arid Blanche Bates, and
profound interest attaches to the inter
pretation. Mrs. Fiske is a deep student
of .the Ibsen school,-, and a famous
Hedda, and she will be ably supported
by the. clever company, by which she
has surrounded herself. .
Mary Mannering and her company,
that includes Arthur " Byron^ Thomas
Rice and others good, will continue at
the Columbia in "their highly, amus
ing comedy. "Harriet's Honeymoon,"
in which . Miss Mannering is seen to
much 1 advantage.
Then 'there's excellent fare at the
WEEK'S BILL REPLETE
' * WITH MANY BRIGHT
AND NEW ATTRACTIONS
lively wit that I am hopeless of sug
gesting.
I told her that I despaired of see
ing anything better than her fourth act
of Monday evening, but had intended
to ' come before Jier suggestion and
added: "That scene, by the way, is a
good example of your psychological
drama. Yet I am sure it was pro
foundly appreciated by your first night
audience."
' "I was so stupid," she said simply.
"But it is, a good example. You see,
there is nothing done, very little said.
THE AUDIENCE * DOES MOST OF
THE ACTING. It is-the struggle be
tween one spiritual prbblem and an
other... Mr. . Heyse has imagined the
strongest possible temptations . . to
Mary's hardly won purity, the tempta
tion to save her Redeemer with the
price of it." -
And then I discovered behind the
Ibsenism, problem plays, endowed
drama, and such small things among
Mrs. Fiske's interests, that which she
really cares for, the happiness of the
dumb brothers about us. ' Fascinating
in every phase, the actress becomes
most lovable here. "Do you- care
about such things?" she began, almost
timidly.- "I feel so .strongly about
them." :
Then she. spoke of;the Spanish bull
fights, of. trap-shooting, of the; Ameri
can mother who puts a gun into the
hands of T her boy to, shoot the little
feathered '. things . for ! fun, for sport.
She '.told-' of the cattle, she had seen
within the last few weeks frozen . to
death, by scores all for the want of a
little care— "such; hopelessly uncon
scious cruelty."- She spoke of fawns
left ; starving by the . death of their
mother In . the. Adironacks, ,, of deer,
half killed, eaten to death by flies. All
this without hysterics and useless em«
phasis. ' '
But there were tears in the brilliant
purple one for San Francisco. "But
what is the use of about it?
Still, we could establish a drarfatic
standard that way. And we stand for
so much in the world already "
"Materially?" I venture.
"Oh, yes; but the opera, too, you
know. At least the experiment would
be a worthy one. And we have all so
much to learn, actors and public."
"Mrs. Fiske, this isn't apropos, but
weren't you nervous onMonday.nlght?"
"Yes, being tired," »she confessed.
"Then first night audiences — I do not
speak of San Francisco now, and — "
she put her warm hand impulsively
on mine — "it's ridiculous to say It in
San Francisco, but I love the San
•Francisco audience. 'First night au
diences are almost always curious.
They're expecting thrills, hysterics,
the sensational thing, in a word. And
when we haven't that kind of thing
to give they're disappointed. .We get
the wave of disappointment and the
wave of expectancy, and the audi
ence suffers for it. It cheats itself.
The psychological drama is almost al
ways a disappointment to a first night
houee. They want what is done and
said, not the thought behind. I've
seen many rfctournful looking crowds
come o©t from a Duse first night. No,
your thoughtful auditor somehow
seems to come later in the week. He's
often your first night man, too. I have
frequently had men who write, for
example, come to. me after the second
sight of a play and . say: .'Why!: I
didn't get this at all the first night'
I want you," she broke off, "to come
to see the 'Mary of Magdala'. at the
matinee. Will you? If I am welMt
will -be much better; -I hope, than on
Monday night."
Time and again this samecharming
humility was shown and throughout
a conscience, a fearlessness, a breadth
Of thought, a sincerity of purpose, a'
hazel eyes as she concluded: "It is good
to see that' President Roosevelt, whom
all boys naturally take as their pat
tern, goes a-hunting no longer."
We fell again then to "Hedda Gab
ler," and the actress sketched * with
terse brilliance the strange character
that she will assume this week, sketch
ed Tesman, Lonborg, Brack in a half
dozen luminous phrases that set them
livlngly before one as the certain line
of a Whistler. We talked of Duse and
her art,' of the Sardou drama, of "Mon
na Vanna" that Mrs. Fiske will play,
of a score or more of other things, and
then she laughed as I came away and
an unmistakable giggle stole through
the little curtained door of her room:
"You know, I bribed those girls /to
be quiet outside. I bribed them not to
let any one talk. Do you wonder they
laugh— at us?" :" ~
MRS. MINNIE MADDERN FISKE, THE FOREMOST ACTRESS OF AMERICA.
Press-agentry is a curious art and
various. Following is a new and rare
specimen, relative to Mr. Melbourne
MacDowell, who will shortly reappear
here:
"Dear Madam— I am sending you
some press stuff from Dave A. Weis,
manager, concerning the Melbourne
MacDowell engagement in San Fran
cisco. Mr. Weis is making stupendous
preparations for the coast engagement
and the ~ scenery, coupled with every
thing else that is composed in the
make-up of a really excellent perform
ance, will be of very high standing.
Mr. MacDowell is much changed since
his last coast engagement and he seems
now to realize that he must retrieve
himself in the next two seasftns and
regain the laurels lost through his ap
parent careless ways. For this reason
Mr. Weis has selected for his associates •
a company of splendid players with
metropolitan reputations.
"We "can assure you that we are try
ing our very tfest to get together a
dramatic stock company which will be
the strongest ever seen on the coast.
Yours most earnestly."
• • •
N. C. Goodwin, on the close of his
engagement, will sail with Mrs. Good
win (Maxine Elliott) to Europe. After
spending a few weeks at their beautiful
home on the Thames, they will tour
Europe in an automobile for eight
weeks. x
• • • *
Henrik Ibsen, whose play, "Hedda
Gabler,-" will be produced by Mrs. Fiske
this week at the Grand Opera-house,
celebrated his seventy-sixth birthday
on the 20th inst.
• ''**¦*>
Viola Tree, eldest daughter of Beer
. bohm Tree, made her debut in Edin
burgh recently as Viola in "Twelfth
Night." According to, report her ren
dition was a great success.
•* ? * .
Viola Allen, has entirely recovered
from the recent operation she under
went in New York and reappeared as
Viola in her production of "Twelfth
Night" to a large audience at Easton,
• - ¦-"< .*. • ¦- * —
Richard Mansfield will be seen in a
dramatic version of Parsifal at the
New Amsterdam Theater next Sep
tember. nitoni
• - • : &*i-%?M
Following are the progremmes of the
Schumann Heink recitals, to be given
next week at Lyric HalJ under the di
rection of Mr. Greenbaum:
TUESDAY NIGHT, APRIL 5.
(a> Aria "Mltrane" *«;'w R w SSl
(b) Du bist die Ruh t^^Ll
(c) Wohin
(d) Der Wanderer Schubert
Piano solo— .
(a) Nocturne • •_•••' • • c °°P lQ
(b) Llebestod, from "Tristan and Isolde
_ « agner-LJszt
MUs Josephine Hartman.
(a) Helmweh • Hugo Wolf
(b) Three son*3 from the "Trumpeter of
(a) Die Drel Zlzeuner .......... ...LJszt
<b> Thrj. he ...?. e ..sSao n
1 Im wunderschonen Monat Mai.
2 Aus rcelnen Thranen Sprlessen.
3 Die Rose, die Lille. .
<* SSSt.^. .^..^...^Me^er
(Fides— Mme. Schumann Heink.)
(b) Bolero Arultl
THURSDAY NIGHT. APRIL 7.
(a) Aria ''Armida" ....Handel
(b > Grand Aria from .^in^Taena
Piano solo," "Rhapsodic" Hongrotee So
Miss Josephine Hartman.
(a) "Der Arme Peter" (Song Cycle). Schumann
(b) Three nonss from the Cycle /Trum
¦ peter of 8akWn E en" schK
(c) Wohln Franz
<b> li£ hLVdle ¦ Ro~^ich beiia^ \ '. V.. ] ".Fran*
(c> Recitative and aria from "St. Pau J
(in English)....-. Mendelssohn
(a) Heimweh Hugo \loir
b Fruhlingalied •¦••¦••• Becko
(c) Bolero (dedicated to Mme. Schumann
Heink)- • • Ardm
SATURDAY AFTERNOON. APRIL 9.
,(iK Av- Maria '. Schubert
<b) Haidenvossiein Schubert
(c) Die Allmacbt Schubert
Son- Cycle. "Frauenllebe und Leben"
.;.,-,.'. ;••• Schumann
- 1. Selt Ich Ihn gesehen.
¦ '1. Er der HerrHchMe von Allen.
. - 3.1cli kann's nlcht fassen. nlcht slauben.
4. DU Rlns an meinem Finer.
6. Helft mlr. Ihr Schwestern.
*;. Susser Freund. Du buckets.
7 An melnem Herzen. an meiner Brust.
8. Nun ha«t Du mtr den ersttn Schmerz
.cethan.
Piano solo—
(a) "Feuerzauber" (Walkure) •
•...'. Wagner-Brassln
(b) Caprice Espagnole Moszkowskl
Mlxs Josephine Hartmann.
<ni Befreit Richard Strauss
(b) Fruhlingsnacht Schumann
-. (c) Aucen meine Fenstwleln. Spengel
(d) Sapph:»che Ode Brahma
<e) Wle ein Grusaen.
Recitative and grand aria from "RIenzi"..
Waxner
take one full year for the proper pro
duction ot the play, and I haven't had
that yet. But I'm afraid I'm very
stupid!"
"The gods grant me all the Fiske
stupidity going!" I put it. But I left
her then, with the privilege of a later
chat during the week.
Our next tryst, amusingly, was at
the Hammam baths. Thursday
dawning had found Mra. Fiske sleep
less and still tired. I found her my
self at noon with the rose and fresh
ness of new sleep upon her. It was
pleasant to go in out of the rain, and
Mrs. Fiske was all her vivid, brilliant
self.
"I'm still stupid," she prefaced as I
entered the little cabin where she lay.
"I was hoping so," I said. "We left
off at 'Hedda Gabler' j'ou remember?
I've seen two Heddas. by the way,
Nance O'Neil's and Blanche Bates.
Miss Bates' was too wholesome to my
thinking." I proffered.
"And I?—" she smiled. "Must one be
morbid, I wonder, to understand Hed
da? At least one must understand
everything, is it not, even 'to the dregs? 1
"Pity, isn't it, that Ibsen cared so
little for beauty?" I ventured.
"Beauty is very difficult to defln?,"
the actress remarked slowly. "To me
the Ibsen drama is now in much the
same position, relatively to modern
drama, as was the Wagner music
drama some years ago to Italian opera.
You remember the criticisms, 'ugly,'
'dreadful,' 'bizarre,' all sorts of con
demnation was heaped upon it. Yet
the same sounds now are accepted as
beautiful. The truth is that there is an
evolution of beauty, and we may even
ccme to consider Ibsen beautiful. Ho
is certainly the most enthralling among
the masters of stagecraft — a flaming,
angry, raging northern star!" she
flashed.
"And 'Rosmersholm' is chief of the
Ibsen constellation?"
"It ranks, I think," she answered
thoughtfully, "with the great love
stories of the world, with the 'Tristan
and Isolde,'- with 'Romeo and Juliet.'
Hasn't Rebecca West been called the
'Lady Macbeth of the North?' Ibsen
is so wonderful in that you never get
to the end of him. Par exemple. There
are as many Heddas as there are ac
tresses who interpret her— just as there
are Hamlets. Not only that, but each
actress finds something new in the part
every time she plays it. Only enormous
genius could create a character of such
range."
"Pinero?"
"Oh," Mrs. Fiske shrugged her shoul
ders, her eyes twinkling with tolerant
amusement. "Pinero is a very nice
little follower, a pretty little reflection,
a pale flame of the Ibsen school. He's
been influenced naturally. Every play
wright worth anything has. But I
shouldn't say so, should I? He may
charge me double royalties when I
want a play!" Then frankly, and with
the almost masculine fearlessness that
characterizes her, she said: "But why
shouldn't I s.ay so? It's true. Ibsen
begins — begins, my dear — where all
other modern dramatists end."
"But where are your players? 1 ' I
aek, "though I've found that Ibsen
plays are singular in that they get the
best from the actor. But really to play
them — "
"The people — do you really want to
suggest something useful?" and Mrs.
Fiske sat up among her pillows to ask
me this, her fatigue forgotten. "Some
times I think it may be worth
saying, no one ever knows. The
people, to answer your question first,
who should be playing Ibsen plays are
starring at the head of the various
companies. You cannot blame them.
They have to consider the material side
of things."
"Ah! you are thinking of the national
theater," I in'terrupt.
"No, no," the actress said, "nothing
so ambitious. But why not get to
gether a company of the same artistic
caliber as the Metropolitan Opera Com
pany, and let us have plays produced
as the operas are produced. Nothing
could be easier. It would be incompar
ably less expensive, to begin with that
end of it — and one always has to. There
would be the large orchestra and the
chorus both eliminated. N6r would it
cost so much to group together a com
pany of actors of the highest attain
ments as to get together a similar com
pany of opera singers. It only re
mains for some few men to supply
the money. I believe myself that it
would be an excellent investment."
"And the pleasure of seeing that kind
of a company!" I 'cried.
"And the pleasure of playing in it,"
said Mrs. Fiske. "I would rather play
a small part in that kind of production
than star in any other kind. But you
cannot expect the actor to abandon his
rewards."
"The opera singers do not," I contrib
ute. "Now, where would your company
play?"
"In New York for a season and then
tour," the actress planned, marking off
NewYork on a gay yellow stripe on her
coverlid, and skipping to an opposite
Tivoli, that continues "Mr. Pickwick"
for the week. This musical comedy
has "caught on."
Psychic wonders will be. exploited at
the California Theater to-night by the
well known Anna Eva Fay. •'
; "Parsifal" is still playing to large
houses at the Alcazar.
The Central announces a stirring
melodrama entitled "The Hustler" for
the week. •
"Kismet," in which Richard P.. Car
roll plays the dual role of author and
comedian, will be the new 'bill at Fis
cher's this week. Mr. Carroll has
"made good" as a comedian and there
is no little curiosity. afloat concerning
his abilities as an author.
The Orpheum will have as headliner
this week "The Brakeman and the
Tramp," with Nazuz and Naz,ett in
the leading roles. La Belle Guerrero,
whose dancing has created a local
furor, will continue.
The Scheck brothers, gymnasts and
head-to-head balancers," will be at the
Chutes this week.
¦ ¦» •
TALK ABOUT ACTORS
AND THEIR DOINGS*
HERE AND ABROAD
"A pale little face upon a pillow, at
first; sight all eyes— quick, brilliant,
• whimsical, and hair, gold, orange or
\\hat divine yellowness you will, was
jiiy first "impression at close range of
•rhe actress in all America I would
fro farthest to see — Mrs. Minnie Mad
' «Jcrn Fiske.
It "was last Tuesday, at the SL Fran
• iis. .A fcareomely immaculate youth
conducted me skyward, and a low
voiced maid admitted me. The room
must hare been luxurious — it had the
•atmosphere. But I did not see it.
Drawn blinds and a tiny green-shaded
iarmp gave the mahogany splendors
" ?<f • the new hotel no chance, even if
• 'Irs. Fiske had not been there, like a
Hc-lteu .etching in her delicate values
and suggestion, on the pillow be
fore me.
1 ' "You arje ill?" I asked, as she gave
me her firm little hand.
• ' "Tired — just very tired," she said,
and. I saw then the confirming circles
.around her eyes. "A strange city,
strange people, and I am foolishly
.' sensitive. It is nothing. I need an
• hour or two of rest — "
• : "I'm sorry to bother you to-day — "
"Oh, is this to be an interview? I
| thought you were just coming to see
ine," she [exclaimed. This in the
piquant staccato of her Becky Sharp.
It was distinctly appealing, as she sug
gested then: "Let us put it off for a
day or two— say until next week.
There is no excuse for an interview un
less one has something to say. And I
can't think of anything to-day. There
are tilings, too, I should really like
to say. I haven't given any inter
views for some few years. Come next
week, and you shall have all the pearls
of wisdom I've been storing up."
I weakened, but protested:
"But, Mrs. Fiske, every, one will
•svant to hear from the star of the
week as soon as possible."
.."2»onsense! What does it matter?"
the. laughed, quietly. "1 really have
nothing interesting to say to-day—"
.1 compromised then. "Perhaps later
• in the week, then; and we'll just gos
tip now. And if not we will talk next
' week."
•' 'Twould be better. Will you put that
v iown", please?" to the maid.-'Say next
7 Tuesday at 2. Put the thing where it
! will- face me — "
"On the mirror." I laughed, "where
pretty women—"
' • "Bah! I'm not pretty," she retorted;
¦ • then with a delicious little whimsical
twinkle added, "at least not to-day. I'm
••beautiful sometimes, of course— those
• iiays you look in the mirror and are
surprised at the lovely thing you see!"
."What color are they— the eyes?" I
inquired audaciously.
• "To-day— I don't know," she said,
naively shutting them.
.'•Xor do I know, and I had a long hour
.to find out. They flashed gray light
."nlnga when Mrs. Fiske spoke of trap
' footing— of the "courage, ability,
•character" required of the pigeon-in
'the-slot sportsman. They were black
. v/hen she talked of the Spanish bull
ftpht. with its gored horses stuffed with
'. oakum to enable the wretched creatures
• to meet again the horns of the bull.
Thpy w.ere, again, warmest hazel when
"their owner spoke of the new Society
- for" the Prevention of Cruelty to Ani
mals in Mexico, that "has already pre
.V f-nted much suffering." For these are
. .he things that are nearest the heart of
•llrs. Fiske, the first actress in America.
• As for the rest, the red-gold hair lay
•• t-traightly across the brow, tossed into
• a sumptuous, glistening knot above it,
and I began to discover a firm, round
i'hin and mouth, and a round white
throat under the outlining of the deli
cate purples of a kimono.
• "You know," the actress began, "it is
fm possible always to be at one's best.
' This fashion of ours of playing every
-night is brutal. The French and the
Germans rightly despise us for it. One
< ah give perhaps three performances in
the- week. that are wholly worthy. The
rest — well, you can't keep the blush on
the work, you know — "
: . "Familiarity breeds contempt?"
" '.Exactly," Mrs. Fiske agreed, "famil
iarity is fatal here, as in almost every
other relation."
I queried then, "But could you count
: " on' the fortunate mood with any more
o rtainty than now in the three nights
;, week regime?"
•••"I think so," the actress decided.
'. "One has just so much vitality, and
• 'there w»uld be that much more to go
round. I wonder" — Mrs.- Fiske put that
• significant little forefinger of hers to
her cheek and looked with level eyes at
the — "I wonder if you have thought how
• cruel — shall I say — even the kindest crit
ics can be? This is entirely impersonal,
" of course. But you will find such things
as" these happening in the actor's pro
fession all the time. One will be ill, say,
on a first night in a new piece. The
" . critics will, of course, be familiar with
• * one's reputation. Suppose It good, and
' suppose the critic just and competent.
He finds tlie particular performance
' bad. It is bad. But he will simply say,
in nine cases out of ten, that the per
formance is bad— not that there must
be' a good reason, in view of one's re
j»ute. for its inadequacy."
'Paris and Duse — "
"Ah! Paris and D;use! A perfect
example," the actress agreed. She
r lasp^d her vital, eloquent little hands
as" she said: "Think of it! Those ex
perienced Parisians! She played badly
that night— it was 'CamiHe* you re
member? — friends of mine saw her.
•• But she had played the part magnifl
.•cejitly before, and there was the testi
mony of all the world for it. Paris
sajd bah! it makes me ill! — that
. "Duse w;is a good little actress, but
the world was mistaken in believing
• her great!' After that — "
"After that San Francisco may
make a blunder or two comfortably,"/
r laughed.
1 delicately suggested Ibsen after
- -that, and we began on "Hedda Gab
• ler." Mrs. Fiske dubbed the play
• '-'brilliant, subtle, fascinating, a mas
terpiece of craftsmanship," but said
she believed the "Rosmersholm" the
'jtpex of modern dramatic achleve
•• ifient. -
¦ . '/Are we to have it?" I asked eager
. -IJV
. - "No, no," she negatived. Then with
-•srave emphasis she said: "It would
Ultra-human one had almost begun
to believe Mr. Bauer until the saving
imperfections of his last performance.
The comment is late? Just one day
after the legitimate nine days of won
der. Neither for the Bauerite late at
all, but still the burning question.
'Twas a gracious weakness. We had
come to fancy Mr. Bauer a kind of
musical over-man — insensible to t^e
little human frailties of mood, im
pervious to fatigue of the body or of
the spirit. Yet he is still a little lower
than the angels, one finds not alto
gether ungratefully. But why say so?
Because there were those who heard
Mr. Bauer for the first time on that
last Wednesday afternoon — those to
whom his lost notes, as in the Chopin
Funeral March trio, his wrong
notes, a3 in the Schumann Carnival;
his frequent muddying of tone by the
pedals on that day, might seem in
trinsic characteristics of the pianist'3
aft, and not the unholy accident of
mood. On the night before, in the
Schumann Eantasle. Mr: Bauer had
touched the apex of his achievement.
Such flow humanly indicated an ebb.
To expect the maintenance of such a
height were to demand the Alps with
out their valleys. Truth to tell, one
concert followed the other too soon,
and the new audience of the second
has not yet heard, perhaps the great
est of living pianists as he is.
And yet. Remember that Funeral
March of Chopin, in which those lower
notes were dropped Into Mr. Bauer's
pocket or under the piano. Remember
the massive, majestic tread of the
rhythm, certain as death itself. Re
member those bass trills, in which the
pianist contrived so marvelously to
suggest the stern roll of drums. Re
member the tone of the melody of the
trio— and forget the lost notes. The
treatment of the opening bass meas
ures, by the way, a pesante non legato,
was peculiarly interesting, and in my
experience, original with Mr. Bauer.
The finale of the sonata again was
brilliantly handled. Not, as frequently,
did .the movement come as an anti
climax. Chopin, in following the fun
eral march with this measure, set one
of the most difficult tasks of interpre
tation the pianist has to encounter.
By means of his colossal technique,
equally with his superb insight, Mr.
Bauer solved it. The aftermath of
death the movement Inevitably sug
gests, and what more like the sweep
and trouble of lost winds about a dead
world than the Bauer reading? All
sense of the mechanism was lost. The
thing seemed to be done with a brush
rather than with notes. There was a
race, a rush, a shriek, hum, murmur of
tone, and that was all. It was a reve
lation.
The Carnaval was wonderful In spots,
but not at all what the finest Schu
mann interpreter of the day can give.
It was the first number of the pro
gramme and in parts the least satisfy
ing — Mr. Bauer has only himself to
thank for th» exacting nature of one's
demands! He became himself quite
with the Air de Ballet of Gluck-Saint-
Saens, a handful of filmy lace and roses
tossed our way with surpassing grace.
From many points of view the Bach
Toccata, given here for the first time,
was the most interesting number of all.
It is a recent discovery — but this valu
able little note of Oscar Weil's win
better give its history. For myself —
dare I say it?— a first hearing did not
bring me strongly under the charm of
the movement. I should, Indeed, have
hesitated to ascribe some portions of
the work to Father Bach, though of all
the great composers he is perhaps the
most varied. And it must be remem
bered that in Bach's case familiarity
breeds homage. But here Is Mr. Weil's
opinion, of which you all know the
worth: .
"(2. Toccata— Fantasie and Fugue —
in D, Bach.) This double title is found
in tfie original manuscript among the
latest of the important works of the
master printed by the 'Bach Gesell
schaft.' The piece seems to be little
known as yet, but will undoubtedly in
time take its place with the master
pieces, since it bears the stamp of
Bach's finest work of his best period.
There are virtually two separate Toc
catas to be found in it, together with a
Fugue of an almost unrivaled charm
and grace; these three movements aro
seperated (bound to each other, rather)
by phrases of such recitative improvi
sation as only Bach could write; the
result Is a supe'rly built, thoroughly
coherent composition in the largest
style."
Better instance of Mr. Bauer's sub
tlety of art than his Bach treatment
could not be afforded. Actually the man
suggests a spinet in the connection!
His good-by was characteristic. The
last of him, seen by a few of us who
stood in front of the hall that day, was
half a radiant face, under an old
slouch hat that Me Bauer cannot be
persuaded to abandon, thrust through
the rain cover of an automobile.
The Rev. John H. Houghton of St.
Mark's Episcopal Church of Denver
paid an unusual testimonial to Mrs.
Flske and her play. "Mary of Magdala."
on the Sunday preceding Mrs. Fiske's
Denver engagement. He announced to
hl3 congregation that he had obtained
a special dispensation from Bishop
Olmsted to enable his parishioners to
attend the performance, which other
wise they could not do on account of
Lent. He spoke of Mrs. Flske'a
struggle against the theatrical trust
and her high dramatic aim in. the pro
duction of Heyse's drama. He also
added that he would hims:!f purchase
The important announcement is made
that a local theater has arranged with
Charles Frohman for a guaranteed six
weeks* tour of the Pacific Coast oY
Maude Adams. The tour will open at
Kansas City and the first appearance
here c-f the greatest of American ac
tresses since she has come forward as
a star will take place in May. Inas
much as Miss Adams has not been seen
here In any of her great stellar crea
tions the management have arranged' to
present her for a limited number of
performances in the greatest of all her
impersonations— Babbie, in "The Little
Minister."
WITH THE PLAYERS AND THE MUSIC FOLK
THE SAN FRANCISCO; CALL, SUNDAY, ; MARCH! 27, 1904.
19Thomas, Hugo Keil, ' Gavin McNab,
William H. Mills and Josiah Howell.
Mr. and Mrs. F. W. Dohrmann enter
tained Dr. and Mrs. Benjamin Ide
Wheeler, Dr. and Mrs. Kaspar Pischel,
\lr. and Mrs. A. B. C. Dohrmann, Mrs.
Blanco W. Paulsen and F. Dohrmann
Jr. Another party was composed of
Mrs. George B. McAneny, Mr. and Mrs.
William Wehner, Miss Wehner, Miss
Mastick and Charles Kuhn.
Theater party given -by Bernard Mil
ler in honor of Miss May Burge, his
fiancee, with the following coterie of
guests: Miss Marion Smith, Miss Wini
fred Burge, Miss Evelyn Ellis, Miss
The tandem driving of Mrs. Ferdi
nand Stephenson, Miss Louise Stone,
Mis? Lucie King and Miss Florence
Oallaghan — and the madcap random
riding of Miss Mabel Hogg — will live
long in the vision of the lucky— thrice
lucky — spectators.
<Yhat a brave showing there was of
stunning maids and matrons! Con
spicuous among them were the erst
while merchants, Miss Jennie Blair;
Miss Susie McEwen (the energetic pres
ident who made things lively for the
society editor), Miss Gertrude Dutton,
Mrs. Samuel Buckbee, Mrs. Walter
Who of the orthodox school could
reconcile their lenten notions of se
clusion with the actualities of last week
'—a week fraught with gay propensi
ties? But then, dear goodly censor,
bear well in mind that most of the
affairs were builded upon a base of
charity—and therein lieth no sin.
".Retrogression in society?" Why, there
dors seem to be a less rigorous lenten
regimen followed by church people
now than in years agone, but the ser
'vices in the temples of worship have
been rather well attended during the
weeks of penitence. "Mostly old la
dies?" Well. that, too, is true, but the
younger people are hardly less religious
—in spirit — than they ever were. And,
after all, its the spirit, rather than acts
enforced by habit, that makes for char
acter. Therefore, be it resolved: That
the young folk are not religious rene
gades because of their little lenten re
laxations, for. behold the pain and sor
row that have thus been relieved
through the generous tax at the box
' office.
. Leading the philanthropic functions
of the week were the Indian tea at Mrs.
George Law Smith's for the benefit of
the Animals' Refuge.
Here an entertainment of ethnologi
'cai character was given for three days
-a-nd nights, when the Sioux and the
Seminole met on neutral grounds, and
cajoled the paleface into yielding up his
ducats for the dogs and pussy cats who
¦have not the languorous luxury of a
home. At these functions. Mrs. John
¦Lo.oseley made the distinct hit of the
hour by her clever crooning of Indian
•Jullabies. A splendid sum was realized
for- the refuge, bringing thereby a rare
joy to the president. Miss Maud Smith,
and to her heroic co-worjeers.
Then topping all affairs of like char
.acter since the imperishable Cafe
Chantant, was the circus and horse
show of the Doctor's Daughters.
' Now, ye whose memories are of such
retentive type as to recall your first
circus, can you bring to mind the dar
ing lady in spangled skirts and silken
tijjhts who rode round the mystic ring,
leaping from horse to horse, and driv
ing a baker's dozen at a smart clip?
Y.ou do— well, the effervescence that
Fathered around the region of your
belt and prompted you to dcr a vertical
two-step on thai occasion was as
naught compared with the thrills that
found expression on Friday night in
thc-ers and other oral exuberances.
PHILANTHROPY THE KEYNOTE
OF SMART AFFAIRS.
Miss Katherine Dillon, hostess at
card club's gathering, with the follow
ing guests: Miss Charlotte Ellinwood,
WEDNESDAY— Mrs. Silas Palmer
entertained at luncheon, whose guests
were: Mrs. Leonard, Mrs. Erie Brow
nell, Mrs. Alexander D. Keyes, Mrs. T.
Danforth Boardman, Mrs. Dennis
Searles,' Miss Suzanne Blandirig and
Miss Elizabeth Palmer.
Florence Nightingale, Miss Grace Sper
ry, Miss Mary Barker, Miss Florence
White, Miss Carolyn Oliver, Miss Ma
rian Goodfellow and Miss May Coo-
Kan, Clay Gooding, Mr. Stanfellow,
Harold Havens, Taylor Bell, .William
Gorrill, Hartley Peart, Roland Oliver
and Ralph Jones.
Informal tea, Miss Kathryn Herrin
hostess.
Founding of a new club, f the Cap
and Bells, at the apartments of Mrs.
Dorville Libby.
Mrs. I. Malcolm Henry, hostess at a
whist party, with Mr. and Mrs. Sher
wood of Spokane, Mr. and Mrs. E. W.
Runyon, Mr. and ; Mrs. Harry Mendell.
Mr. and Mrs. Hiram Smith, Judge and
Mrs. Cooper, Robert Carter Berkney,
St. Clair Boyd, Lieutenant Fuchs and
Mr. Avery of EngUfnd ar her. guests.
TUESDAY— Mrs. .George B. McAn
eny, hostess at a sriiall luncheon at the
Palace.
Mrs.. Samuel Buckbee entertained at
cards, .with' Mrs.- Wakefield Baker, Mrs.
Harry Mendell, Mrs. Carey , Van Fleet,"
Mrs; Edward Dimond, Mrs. Green,
Mrs. Henry Foster Dutton and Mrs.
Samuel Welch as guests.
Mrs. Frank C. Havens, hostess at
luncheon in honor of Oakland.
Dinners given at the new hotel by
Jam«?s Phelan, the Walter Martins, Mr.
and Mrs. Henry T. Scott, Mr. and Mrs.
William G. Irwin. R. J. Bentley, Mr.
and Mrs. Athearn Folger, Fred W.
Dohrmann. Mr. Van Sicklen, William
Bourne. Charles Belshaw, Mr. and Mrs.
Peter Martin. Mr. and Mrs. Emile
Bruguiere, Mr. Green. Mr. and Mrs.
Mark Gerstle, G. W. Kline, Varney
Gaskill. Philip Lilienthal. Charles Stet
»oo Wheeler. S. N. Rucker, William
Herewith were the leading functions
of the week: :
MONDAY— Formal opening of the St.
I-'rancis.
Magee, Miss Virginia Joliffe, Miss Elsie
Sperry, Miss Ethel Dean, Miss Ethel
Cooper, Miss Lucie King, Miss Grace
Spreckels. Miss Lily Spreckels, Miss
Edith Simpson. Miss Katherine Dillon,
Miss Ethyl Hager, Miss Florence
Bailey, Miss Helen de Young. Miss
Constance de Young, Miss Elise Greg
ory, Miss Eleanor O'Connor, Miss Bes
sie Wilson, Mrs. Fred Tallant, Mrs.
Wakefield Baker, Mrs. W. R. Sherwood,
£Irs. Flournoy, Mrs. Horace PHlsbury,
Mrs. William Guthrie, Mrs. McDer
mott, Mrs. George Cooper and Mrs.
John McKee.
Now if there were any shekels lurk
ins in the men's vest pockets after the
lights had gone out and the horseshow
become a. memory, then clearly It was
not the fault of these dear, devoted'la
dies—for they are undeniably past
grand masters in the art of "making
the men dig up" — but pshaw! the men
v.ere willing victims, weren't they — the
"dear men"?
" If San. Francisco has gone aflutter
over the Martins, so has Chicago' over
the Fersens of St. Petersburg, who . at
the present hour are the dominant g
ures in the smart set of the windy, city.
They are preceded' everywhere they
go by a six-foot-four Cossack, gorgeous
ly 'uniformed, bemedaled, caparisoned,
and— armed. ¦'- He; carries, a sword, a
pistol and a few more implements of
war "exposed ' on his ample person, and
never permits a member of theentour
age to "escape from his line ¦ of vision.
Why?. Because in' Russia they have
beard . of - Chicago thugs," etc. I wonder
what the Russians think of San Fran
cisco! • But perhaps Chicago "has" a
few more than we.
.The following is! a description of the
famous Fersens at a function: ./
"The Fersen family of St. Petersburg
was present in full force and 'created
a mtld sensation with the extreme odd
ity "of the women's garments. ; Baroness
mere, who wears an original and very
Now,, after congratulating ourselves
upon the Peter ' Majrtlns . remaining x in
our midst for a season comes the blow
that .they will not forego Newport—
cannot,, in fact— and we will' feast our
eyes on the lithesome beauty but, little
longer. ¦¦ ~:\'?,?
sham I know not what constitutes it.
Here we see "a widow with crepe from
crown to toe, going into court to* break
her husband's will,- her heart full of
rancor and sincerely glad to be: freed
from, irksome ties. But she- ' wears
mourning, you know, "because people
would ..talk so if she didn't." Then
there's the woman of • the smart set,
who | cannot entertain,, but -whose
daughter can, because she's the fourth
degree'of kindred to ithe fellow who
passed over— and the rules and . regu
lations permit that. Alas! alas! ; For
the absurdity of mourning as manifest
ed in "clothes and V ¦" social ¦" doings.
Wouldn't the world be "wholesomer" if
we had fewer shams?
'-. Has it ever etruck you' how, absolute
ly "absurd are the rules ;f6r Y so;'called
"mourning?". Mourning in * its''incipi
ent, stages,^ meant ; grief,' 'but it* has
shifted- its) meaning, so that' it"*is now
simply a ? phase of j conduct '[ arid . dress,
which is ; regulated— not "by '• the V grief
In : the heart,- bu/^by, rules laid down ; by
the arbiters of fashion. "If "that"' be "not
April 4, Miss Eleanor'Eckart and.Ed
waid Hume; April 5, Miss May t Burdge
and Bernard Miller; April 6, Miss Fran
ces-Harris and ; Ernest. Stent; ; April; 6,
Miss Ethel Kent and Lieutenant "Gil
bert Allen.VU." S. -A. Then -in close, suc
cession '.cornel the Mohr-Bailey- nuptials,
the wedding^-with
more sbori\tb ? . follow. , Ah! ; It t'is these
affairs of thie- heart that .lend : . to life
its sweetest''; perfume, . and .even the
peevish old pessimist, pricks up his ears
.when- affairs .that ".concern "!the loves of
men • under., discussion,, and^way
down . in his' ; desiccated' hea it ; he feels
a faint desire to ".'participate in the hap
piness of others— but" in ; order' to : sus
tain ; his .reputation '? he tmust, sneer at
matrimony ". and ; repeat ¦ platitudes. " .
What think you of the list of nuptials
on to; first break of Lent: * ' ,
events— will lie bidden in their breasts,
at least until some of. the betrothed are
off our hands "and * housekeeping-"* For
be .It known, ye guileless lovers, ' that
fifteen nuptials in almost the same set,
and within a; month of each' other, ;are
enough to. stagger Russell Sage. There
fore, conduct your courtships gently,
slowly, vthat j the' ducats may reappear
in our purses., •; ;V ¦ "-' . :. ; .•-•,-'- •" ".-;•= "•. . ¦
* The following host's will extend cour
tesies 'o the maids, arid matrons^. at
that promising. ball:- ¦ Wharton ' Thuijs
ton, Wilbur Burnett, Percy King, Rob
ert, Eyre,< Gerald- Rathbone,, Dr. Wil
liam L.yster, Wilberforce Williams, /Tom
Berry, William D. Page, Sidney Salis
bury,>'C. My Howard: Jr., and John M.
Young will be the major domo of. the
affair. - / ;'¦ ',<¦[']
On April 6 the much anticipated
Bachelors' ball' will be given, and the
gowns that are being builded • for, that
eligible function are surpassingly love
ly. Ah! Who) can say what that allur
ing ball' may i bring ' forth— with ~such
charming chaps as the hosts, and leap
year round and about us?
Bijt should any ' of the ; young.Loch
invars/ capitulate, let it" be hoped 'that
the engagements— and • the culminating
On Tuesday next Mr. and Mrs. Henry
T. Scott will entertain at a large din
ner in the Palm; Garden of the Palace.
SATURDAY— The Misses Hamilton,
hostesses at an informal luncheon in
honor of Miss Frances Harris. ' .-.' '
Matinee of D. D's.-
Wedding of Miss Frances Margaret
Bender and Harrison -Theodore Clark
at 521 Van Ness avenue.
Card party, Mrs. Will McCann-hos
tess, at which the following guests were
present: Mrs. McCann, Miss \ Eleanor
Warner, Mrs. Wilbert - Wurtsburgh,
wife of Lieutenant Wurtsburgh of the
navy; Mrs. Fred Sherman, Miss Jessie
Fillmore, Miss Florence Yates, ;»Miss
Edith Cutter, Miss Alice Treanor, Miss
Florence Smart, Miss - Clara i Durbrow,
Mrs. Adolph Grauptner and Miss Mabel
Donaldson. . •• ' " ""
FRIDAY— Doctor's Daughters' circus
and horse show.
Mrs. Charles Mentz "at home."
THURSDAY— Mrs. Clarence Martin
Mann's luncheon at her home on Wash
ington street.
Opening of the forty-ninth exhibition
of the San Francisco Art Association
at the Mark Hopkins Institute of Art.
Indian tea at ¦. Mrs. • George Law-
Smith's home on Jackson street." • ; ]
_ Wedding of Miss Florida Graves and
Edward Devereux Smith of Birming
ham, Ala. .. '1' {.'£&£. .¦'¦' •:-.
Mrs. Henry Foster Dutton, Mrs. John
Rodgers Clark. Miss Gertrude' Van
Wyck, Miss Susie Bixby and Mrs. To
land Cameron.
1 THREE CHARMING HOSTESSES, ONEOFIVHOU'ISNOWONHER WAY ABROAD, f
Among the first to take possession of
their summer homes this ! year will be
the Seward McNears and the Schmie
dells. The McNears are always early
• • . •
. Spring is abroad in beautiful Marin,
whatever the clouds may say. _ Already
San Rafael and Ross are opening their
arms to receive . their own.
Added to the other trials and tribu
lations of the Gotham smart set is the
exceptionally annoying one of keeping
the 'livery of their servants, exclusive.
Just as soon ; as Mrs. A selects black
cloth, Eton jackets, knee breeches fas
tened with brass buttons, black silk
stockings and low-cut leather shoes
for her,- servants* day wear, -and black
velvet jackets with frogs and brass em
bellishments for their nightly - service,
along/comes the horrid Mrs. B to Mrs.
A's dinner, who straightway goes home,
calls up her tarlor and has him draft
the self-same regalia for her retinue.
Poor Mrs. A! Now, Isn't that about all
the sorrow one can bear with Christian
fortitude?
..One of the cleverest hostesses of the
winter, is Mrs. Arthur Spear, who has
entertained extensively and been enter
tained in return. As Miss India Willis,
she was one of the most popular girls
in the smart set.
Among the wanderers awee is Mrs.
Dandridse H. Bibb, who left last week
for a visit to the Eastern cities, which
will, of course, include a stay In the
Exposition City. -Easter week she. will
spend at the Waldorf -Astoria, after a
brief visit with Mrs. Frank B. Jones
In Chicago.
While in Washington Mrs. Bibb will
be, the guest of the Tyssowski's of
Rhode Island avenue. Before return
ing,'it is quite probable that the wan
derer may cross to the Continent, where
many, friends are now touring. .7.
; . Mrs. Bibb holds the distinction of
being, one of San Francisco's hand
somest matrons, clever and magnetic.
Her home in Mill Valley, has become a
famous abode for good fellowship. -
glossy coiffure of auburn curls, was in
shining black satin, a one-piece gown
that flew out into a momentous train
yards long. Her only jewels were enor
mous diamond earrings set in silver,
quite the largest earrings that any
one has ever seen. The Baroness
daughter was clad in an equally severe
and very tight-fitting gown of oyster
white cloth that flew out into- a train
only slightly less prodigious than that
of her mother. Being a demoiselle, no
jewels nor decorations of any kind
broke up the severity of this lenten
toilet and her black hair was brushed
into a highly polished puff off her face."
A jolly and informal little bowling
party was held on Friday evening and
was comprised of the following: Mr.
and Mrs. Irving F. Moulton, Mr. and
Mrs. George W. Caswell, Mr. and Mrs.
Z. S. Cather, .Dr. and Mrs. Martin
Regensburger, Mr. and Mrs. F. J.
Cooper, Mr. and Mrs. A. B. Davis, Mr.
and Mrs. George W. Smith. Dr. and
Mrs. Pierce, Mr. and Mrs. G. W. Luce,
Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Mast erson, Mr. and
Mrs. T. A. Graham,
• • •
It Is rumored that the Ai W. Foster
are going en famille to -e St. Loul:
Exposition. What a Jolly party tha
will make!
• • •
Dr. Niverson Force's bowling partj
last Monday evening afforded consider
able amusement to those who compriset
the list of guests. After the game Mis;
Richat entertained the entire party a
her. home at Devisadero and Vallejt
streets, where a delicious supper wa:
served. The table was made artistli
with Jonquils and miniature incandes
cent lights. The guests were: Mis:
May Sharon, Miss Jean Pedlar. Mis:
Jessie Burns, Miss Ada Clark, Mis:
Ruth Clark. Miss Lincoln. Miss Dais:
Lincoln. Mrs. Edward Moore. Dr. Nlv"
erson Force,- James Irvine. Marshal
Dill, Thomas Churchill, Horace Stoll
Dr. Robert Burns, Dr. H. M. Simmons
Mrs. Frank Southack.
Mrs. Clarence Martin Mann gave a
luncheon on Thursday at her residence.
3414 Washington street. Following the
foreign custom of serving luncheon the
.hours were from 2 until 5. The guests
who enjoyed Mrs. Mann's hospitality
were:- Mrs. James Martel (the honored
guest). Mrs. Tenison Deane. Mrs. Wil
liam Willis. Mrs. Lovell White. Mrs.
Edward Allen, Mrs. Thomas Morffew,
Mrs. George Palmer. Mrs. John
Spruance. Mrs. F. P. Mann. Mrs. Wil
liam Somers. Mrs. Joseph Masten. Mrs.
Alexander Mergevin of Chicago, Mrs^
Frederic Stolp of Oakland. The receiv
>ing ladies were joined by Mr. Masten.
Mr. Bersrevin and. Mr. Stolp as dinner
guests of Mr. and Mrs. Mann, and later
attended the performance at the Grand
We hear that Mr. and Mrs. Charles
Reynolds are to build In Ross Valley.
[They have leased their attractive San
Rafael home to C. A. 'Hiayer, a prom
inent lumber dealer of San Francisco.
The Thayers entertain extensively and
there will be music and mirth in the
erstwhile Reynolds home.
once more Mr. Gow of England has
ensconsed himself at the Hotel Rafael.
Mr. Gow is well known to all auto
lovers about the bay, for it was he who
sacrificed himself for "sports' sake"
and allowed himself to be brought to
trial as a "test case." Mr. Gow has
recently returned, we believe, from an
auto tour through the southern part of
the State.
Dr. Arthur Crosby has looked beam
ingly happy lately. And what wonder?
He has been reveling In a visit from his
daughter and his son-in-law. Mr. and
Mrs. Sewell of New York. As the
bright, merry-faced "Jo" Crosby. Mrs.
Sewell was very popular In San Rafael
until, almost four years ago, Mr. Sewell
captured her and carried her off \oa
New York.
• • •
The old Neil place In San Rafael is
rejoicing once more In the presence of
Mr. and Mrs. Lilly, airs. Lilly is Mrs.
Neil's devoted granddaughter. And a
charming: woman she is.
F. Kroenberg Jr. gave a bowling
party on Thursday evening, when he
entertained twelve friends.
• • •
• * •
comers. What wonder that both the
Schmiedells and the McNears have
early drawings Rossward? Their
places are ideal— nestled, as they are,
among the trees on one of the most
beautiful of Ross hillsides!
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SUNDAY, -MARCH 27, li)04.
20JAPANESE INFANTRY; DELIVER
ING ITS -FAMOU8 BAYONET
CHARGE AFTER
FIRING.- - - .¦ \V- '.'•'- ' .
War News Continued on race 22.
Newspaper Man's Wife Asphyxiated.
CHICAGO, March 26. — Mrs. Ros
well Field, wife of one of Chicago's
best known newspaper men, was found
dead in her room at their home. She
had been accidentally asphyxiated.
Mrs. Field's husband is a brother of
the late Eugene Field.
. MOSCOW,': March ;, 2 6.—^Discussing;
American; sentiment V i n '^'connection
with ' the t wax,^ the 'newspapers 8 here
claim* that** opinion," inv >the i^United
States has I been ;,'. influenced . against
Russia . by \the horrible A impression V of
Russian life produced by the works ! of
Tolstoi and* Gorky;- p ¦¦¦¦_-
Russian Press. Blames. Tolstoi.
WASHINGTON. March 26. — On con-;
vening to-day the House agreed to
joint resolutions to appoint a board of
managers for the National Soldiers*
Home and permitting 'Alphonse Zelaya.
son of ex-President Zelaya of . Nica
ragua, to attend the Military Academy
at West Point.
Cadetship for Yourtf" Zclaya.
PARIS, March 26.— M. Guillemin,
under chief of Foreign Minister Del
casse, left, Paris to-day on his way to
St. Louis, where he will represent the
Minister of Foreign Affairs at the
opening of the exposition. He repre
sented M. Delcasse on the Rocham
beau Commission. M. La Grave and
other officials will leave here early in
April. The Secretary of the French
Commission says no delays are occur
ring in the shipment of the French ex
hibits, so far as the commission is
aware.
Under Chief in the Ministry for For
eisn Affairs Sails ' for the
Exposition.
FRENCH REPRESENTATIVE
ON WAY* TO ST. LOUIS
TORNADO DEVASTATES
ISLAM) OF REUNION"
Twenty-Four Persons Known to Be
Dead and Thousands Arc Without
Food or Shelter.
PORT LUIS. Island of Mauritius*,
March 26. — A tornado caused wide
etfread ruin throughout the island of
Reunion March 20 and 22.
Twenty-four persons are known to
be dead and thousands are without
food or shelter. - : '\ ''.(
Crops, houses, bridges and tele
graph lines were destroyed.
15KIGAXDS FIRE VOLLEYS
AT VILLA OF A . PRINCE
EATOUA, Trans-Caucasia; March
2C. — Brigands surrounded Prince Bar
iatinEky's villa during the night and
iired volleys at its occupants, who re
turned the fire, driving off their as
sailants. No one was injured.
LONDON, March 26.— A Liberal-
Radical demonstration, in which 20,000
persons took part, against the intro
duction of j Chinese labor in South
Africa, was held in Hyde Park to-day.
The procession. Including trades
unions, . labor societies and religious
bodies, with bands and banners bear
ing anti-Government inscriptions, par
aded the West End of London and as
sembled In the park, where the crowds
were addressed ' from fourteen plat
forms-by Messrs. Crooks, Burns, Bell
and ¦ Shackleton, all members of Par
liament; Sir Henry Johnson, Dr. Clif
ford . and others. The meeting passed
off without any disturbance.
Trades Unions Show Their Opposition
to the Introduction of Chinese
Labor in South Africa.
BIG MASS-MEETING
IS HELD IN LONDON
Wyo., March 26. —
August Pache. a ranchman, living
twenty miles from Wood Siding. Lar
amie County, Colo., has been shot and
killed -by his 14-year-old son. The
father, it is said, threatened to kill
his wife, who refused to* transfer
property to him. {
Shoots and Kills Ills Father.
A Cossack* patrol encountered a Jap
anese post near, Pakchieng on March 24
and. exchanged shots. While retiring,
the Cossacks met a Japanese patrol and
opened { fire. Iwith * the . result • that ' one
Japanese, officer,, one. man and a horse
were "killed.* 'The Russian force suffered
no casualties. ' • ' »
, LIAOYANG, Manchuria, March 26.—
General ; Mishtchencko has .been in
formed .that the > Japanese have sus
pended their advance on the Pingyang-
Anju.llne. -Three, thousand Japanese
troops'are stationed » at Anju and 1000
at ;. Pakchieng, 'while forty; Japanese
warships : and transports are' anchored
at . Chenampho. According to Russian
advices, the 1 object* of the Japanese is
to turn the' Russians' flank, for ; which
they are awaiting the concentration of
their army.".; ' ' . :
JAPANESE HOPE
:towrn*u$sian ;
flanron the yalu
NEWCHWANG, - March t-26.-f-It la un
derstood that negotiations , are about
to begin, through Peking, j f o'r' the i pur
pose of arranging wireless < telegraphic
communication-, with>Port'; Arthur.- from
a small rocky -" island opposite] Chef u
wrilch was acquired' by France after
the war of 1884-85; in -which; France,
Great Britain and China .were; involved.
"While ; the . difficulties in the'way.of:ob
taining information" regarding >,trie Jap
anese fleet and •¦ transports - 4 by this
means are' apparent, v yet ; the. project
is regarded; as ; v entirely!; new/= and , x as
promising success, should France coun
tenance it. -This effort.to guard against
Isolation' Is a 'recognition 'of the .impos
sibility of rnalntainng: telegraphic com
munlcationfin- the Nq'Mans;Land from
Newchwang: to. Shanhalkwan,. upon
which the .knowledge; , of -¦ Japanese
movements now; depends.' *¦-,:.'- • '.
The: establishment of -a v French -.vice
consulate here , J for ; the? Protection -r, of
French property -and \ citizens- and also
of certain transferable r inter
ests . has ,\ contributed s - to ; further *," the
tranquillity of Newchwang in/the event
of : Japanese .'occupation ! 6r,'Russlan~Te
«ccupaUon.";>;"i» -V - ¦*--= ' "• ¦¦"¦•• ¦':¦•:¦, * .-.- . •<
HANOVER, Germany, March 26.— An
academy of police science is to b«
founded by the Government. Its pur
pose will be to fit persona for th« "pro
fession" of police commissioners and
other peace officers. Students who fin
ish the prescribed course of study will
receive degrees. There is even talk of
giving post-graduates, under certain
conditions, a doctor's degree.
Will Have Scientific Police.
SYSTEM OF TOEELESS^
TELfiGI^ff^TLANNED :
FOR PORT ABTHUR
ST. LOUIS, March 26. — Three hun
dred members of the savage tribes of
the Philippine Islands have arrived and
have been placed in section of the
World's Fair known as the Cuartel de
Filipino.
On the trip from Tacoma they g*.ve
the railway crews considerable con
cern by the manner in which they di
vested themselves of clothing. The
seml-clvillzed natives persisted in
throwing tjielr articles of clothing
from the car windows and when they
arrived in St. Louis many of them
wore blankets, hurriedly furnished by
the railroad company. The sudden
rigorous change in the weather de
veloped symptoms of pneumonia in a
large majority. One member of the
tribe was taken to, the hospital in a
serious condition. .;
and Then Develop Symptoms
of Pneumonia.
Savages Throw Their Clothing Away
PHILIPPINE NATIVES
ALARM THE TRAINMEN
The Liao River: empties- into ¦¦ the
Gulf of Liaotung. Near its. mouth lies
Newchwang, which, the Japanese are
soon to attack by land and [sea. rThe
ice • has Just^ moved out, enabling the
Russians to make preparations for re
sistance tc the Japanese ships. ; New
chwang^is.'only a, few. miles, from 1 the
Manchurian Railroad, with which it is
connected' by a branctuline. -.- '•; - .
Searles paid $1,500,000 for the
church and lot, reselling: the lot at a
profit of $400,000. As a part of the
contract the buyers agreed to Remove
the tabernacle to Great Barrington
and place it on a site facing the
main street. The mansion on his
Gr at Barrington estate was built by
Mrs. Searles, who was the widow of
Mark Hopkins, the millionaire.
Searles, who was an architect in her
employ, laid out the property and
afterward moved here. On it Is a
chapel built by Mrs. 1 Searles, contain
ing the celebrated organ from Old
Music -Hall. Boston. Searles offered
this property to the town of Great
Barrington, which refused it.
BOSTON, March 26. — Edward P.
Searles, the millionaire of San Fran*
dsco and Boston, has Just bought the
massive old Broadway Tabernacle in
New York and will have the entire
structure -removed to his $2, 000,000
estate at Great Barrington, Mass.,
where it will be restored to its orig
inal condition.
Millionaire , Who Married Mark Hop
kins' Widow Will More Edifice
From New York.
SEARLES BUYS CHURCH
FOR HIS VAST ESTATE
SEOUL,- March : 2 6.— -Russian sol
diers have appeared in large, numbers
on, the. extreme northern frontier of
Korea and. are ; fortifying: strategic
points on the Tumen River. . It is re
marked that fully- 500' are there 'now.
The troops , can- easily; be reinforced
from Vladivostok, : which is protected
from all attacks from the south.
"WASHINGTON, ¦ March- 26. — The
Russian Government has i notified' the
United States Government that it. has
mined the jj mouth Toll the . Liao River.
This was supposed to be neutral'terri
tory, but the action : of /Russia puts it
in the field of hostilities. *
Special Cable to'Tho Call 'and New York,Her
ald. Copyright.. 1904, by- the New York Her
ald Publishing Company. • ~ -¦.'... •
BERLIN. March 26.— The Socialists
lost a Reichstag seat, that of Chop
pau, Saxony, yesterday to an anti-
Semite. The vacancy was due to the
death of Herr Rosenow, who won the
seat In 1898 and was re-elected in 1903
by 3740 majority. The Socialist can
didate, Herr Pinkau, has now been
defeated by 1C00 votes, owing to the
disaffection of Socialist voters because
the National Committee interfered
with the local management of the
campaign.
The district leaders unanimously
nominated former Pastor Goehre, who
had resigned another seat in Septem
ber, owing to Herr Bebel's attacks on
him at the Dresden convention. But
the national leaders, after Herr Goehre
had begun a vigorous campaign, pro
nounced against his candidacy and
forced his retirement. The Socialist
voters as a result became disgusted
and did not vote.
Dissatisfaction of Socialists Results In
I'nilure to Vote to Fill a
. Vacancy.
ANTI-SEMITE GAINS
i SEAT IX REICHSTAG
Russians Active
in Northern
fibred.
"I have , the' honor to report that I
left.port to-day with battleships, cruis
ers-and, torpedo-boats to make a re
connolssance of some adjacent islands."
The :" Official Messenger says that
Grand Duke Cyril, cousin of the Czar
and'who arrived at Port Arthur recent
ly, was -aboard the cruiser Askold,
which headed the fleet when the Rus
sian ships, left the harbor to meet the
Japanese attack on March 22.
It is expected that General Pulitzer
will succeed General Sakharoff as chief
of staff of the military district of Tur
kestan;
; Acofding to information received by
thei Admiralty, a Japanese squadron is
now\ off Chef u. /
"There are 3000 Japanese In the town
of Anju, and; warships and transports
are.- Constantly arriving at Chemulpo.
The troops are landed at Chemulpo and
are marched-. to Pingyang, then pro
ceeding to, -Unsan and Ifangive."
The; Emperor has received the follow
ing telegram from Vice Admiral Maka
roff,\ under date, of Port Arthur, March
Zw; - ¦'•¦ ¦'.','* ¦ - ' ¦ ' "- , *
' "Our company of irregulars has de
feated and almost annihilated a band
of;about fifty Chinese bandits near
Vittslno. ..' There were no losses on our
side."
¦•Concerning operations south of the
Yalu General Mishtchencko says:
"At. 11 o'clock on • the morning of
March 23 I sent two sotnias to«recon
nolter and ascertain the jj strength of
the enemy's forces. The troops crossed
the river Chengcheng and- one sotnia,
when about a mile from Pakchieng,
sighted a mounted post. of the enemy,
consisting of thirty men, which, on the
approach of our. sotnia, was reinforced
by, infantry. • Our Cossacks requested
the support of two half companies and
opened fire against the post and pa
trol at 400 yards. One of the soldiers
and a horse of the enemy were taken.
On learning that the enemy's infantry
was advancing,- our patrol, fired two
volleys and retired. Scouts found
Pakchieng to be occupied by the
enemy. There were two companies
and about three squadrons of cavalry
of the enemy on the right of the Pak
chienR, with posts about a mile from
the river.
¦; ST. .PETERSBURG,, March 26.— A
telegram from i Viceroy Alexleff has
been, received by. the Czar. : It gives a
report from t General/ Mishtchencko,
.which includes . the . following from
General Smyrnoff, dated Port Arthur:
A statement comes from Vladivostok
to the effect' that Captain,Reitzen
steln's sauadron returned to port tow
ing a second-class Japanese cruiser.
The inhabitants and the garrison, he
added, gave a reception to the victors.
The capture, however, is not confirmed
in official , circles.
The departure of naval reinforce
ments from the Baltic will leave a fair
ly strong squadron • of coast > defense
and other ships to protect. Russia's
European coast line.
. The preservation of Admiral Maka
roff's squadron Intact is regarded as
of vital importance, as it is now cer
tain that the Admiralty plans contem
plate sending powerful reinforcements
from the Baltic during the summer.
Six battleships and three cruisers will
be ready to sail in July, Joining the
squadron of Admiral Wirenius in the
Mediterranean, and, with the torpedo
boats, reach P,prt Arthur In Sep
tember. The . arrival 6f such a fleet
would give the Russians an.; over
whelming: preponderance in • numbers.
The Russian plans all look forward to
the time when, with the co-operation
of the fleet, the Japanese communica
tions' can be dut off. 1 Then General
Kuropatkin," according; to Russian cal
culations, will, be in a;position to take
the offensive on land, and settle the
fate of the campaign and. the war.
To-night the Emperor received tele
grams announcing the general's arrival
at Harbin and bringing word that mob
ilization of the Manchurian army was
completed. It is said that to-morrow
General Kuropatkin will review the
Mukden troops and .will read to them
a message expressing the imperial con
fidence that the soldiers will display
valor and fortitude befitting the tradi
tions of the Russian army. General
Kuropatkin will afterward proceed to
Liaoyang. Thence he will make a fly-'
ing visit to Port Arthur to Inspect the
fortress.
It is rumored here that the Russian
forces will' not withdraw to the strong
line of defense prepared at Fenghuang
if General Kuropatkin decides that he
can get together a sufficient number of
men to make a stand at the Yalu River
advisable. ' , .
Important news is drifting to St. Pe
tersburg by mail. A letter, from Dalny
draws a picture of its defenseless con
dition when the Japanese attacked
Port Arthur. The correspondent says
that the smallest Japanese force could
easily have captured Dalny and de
stroyed enormous Btores of coal, 500,000
pounds of tea and six Russian mer
chantmen lying in the harbor." As the
Japanese failed to attack Dalny, the
Russians at once mined the approach,
the haste with which the work was
•performed being the cause, of the blow
ing up of the Yenisei. Many ofr- the
mines were badly laid, bo that the
protected cruiser Boyarin struck one
of them during a storm. ¦ Tho corre
spondent says the Boyarin was not
sunk immediately. Her captain suc
ceeded in placing a collision mat In
position so that the Boyarin was beach
ed. The Boyarin has since been taken
to Port Arthur, where she has been re
paired, the correspondent says.
A Port Arthur correspondent writes
that repairs to the battleship Retvlzan
and the protected cruiser Pallada have
now been completed, the battleship
Cesarevitch being the only remaining
lame ship in the squadron.
ST. PETERSBURG, March 26.— "I
shall, feel relieved when General Kuro
patkin assumes command," remarked
the Czar yesterday at the winter pal
ace.
General IQurppat
kinjtir fives at
the Fr&ntz r
Brigand Allies of
Japan Meet
"Pa got up, but fell down again
and was dead when we spoke to him."
The Coroner and police believe
Stevens was struck with a slungshot
which Harrison drew from his pocket.
An examination by Coroner Smith
shows that Stevens' skull was crushed
by a blow from behind. The police
are searching for the murderers.
"Pa was grabbing the man Harri
son," said Harry Stevens, "and the
other man Jumped in to help Harri
son. English stood back and told
them to go after pa. Then Harrison
drew something that looked like a
knife. It was black and stuck out of
his hand. He hit pa three or four
times and then pa grabbed him and
they fell to the floor with pa on top.
Then the other man pulled pa off the
man and rolled him over. The man
then put the weapon back in his
pocket and beat pa with his fists, while
the other man kicked him. One of
the roomers tried to stop the fight.
The men then ran down the stairs.
SPOKANE, "Wash., March 26.— Killed
because he insisted upon the payment
of 60 cents for a pltcheB broken by
three of his roomers was the tragic end
of George Stevens, landlord of the Ma
rion block, to-night. The men said to
/be implicated in the murder are Rollin
English, a man named Harrison and
another who gave his name at the
rooming-h.ouse at Smith. They are still
at large.
There are half a dozen different stor
ies told of the tragedy by the roomers
in the house and by the children of
the dead man, Who witnessed the fight
which preceded the murder. The clear
est story is that told by Earl "White
and Harry Stevens, a son of the vic
tim. |5 According to the story told by
the boys, the three young men had
been locked out of their room, which
is off the main hall. Harrison had been
drinking and a disturbance was raised
at. once, the roomers' declaring they
had paid their rent and would force
an - entrance to the room. Landlord
Stevens went to the passageway lead
ing to the room and there met the
young men. He told them they could
not have the room until they had paid
him 60 cents for a pitcher broken in
their room after a night's carouse. One
of the men thereupon struck Stevens
with his fist and a second man, said
to be Smith, showered a rain of blows
on Stevens' face.
B E »clal Dispatch to Tb« Call.
There is to be no delay in the ad
mission of Arizona and New Mexico
after the passage of the bill and a
convention may be called immediate
ly. The delay as to Indian Territory
and Oklahoma will be caused by the
necessary allotting of lands to the In
dians in these Territories. Under the
terms of- several treaties 'with the In
dians the lands so allotted are not
taxed.
For this reason the problem of suf
ficient revenue with which to estab
lish and maintain proper public schools
Is met by_ a provision for an appro
priation of 55,000,000 out of the
United States treasury. This money is
to be placed on deposit at 3 per cent
for the establishment and maintenance
of schools of the new State, although if
necessary some of the principal may
be used in their establishment.
Polygamy Is to be absolutely pro
hibited by the constitutions of both
of. the proposed new States. There
will be no special discrimination about
negro voting. Suffrage limitation is
provided for, however.
"WASHINGTON, March 26. — State
hood for Arizona and New Mexico, un
der the name of Arizona; statehood
for Oklahoma and Indian Territory in
1906, under the name of Oklahoma —
this is the verdict reached by the Re
publican leaders of the House. The
bill embodying the details of this pro
gramme has been prepared, the Demo
cratic members of the Committee on
Territories are looking it over and a
meeting of a special committee au
thorized to draft it will be held
Thursday for final action.
Ejpecial DJsratch to The Call.
Refusal to Admit Men to Apartment
Until They Had Paid Sixty Cents
Damages Causes Fatal Fight. '
Rapid Work WiU Be Done in Effort
to Make an Addition of New
Stars to the Flag.
GRAND RAPIDS. Mich. March 26.—
On the west side of Grand Rapids 2500
residences were surrounded by water
to-day, and the citizens were compelled
to use boats in getting from place to
place. Grand River continued to rise
throughout the night and has exceeded
all high water records. The water is
rushing through a large number of west
side streets to a depth of from three
to five feet. Grand River, which goes
through the city on a bend. Is tending
to make for itself a straight channel.
KALAMAZOO, Mich.. March 26.—
The river is still rising and the sub
merged area to-day la much larger
than yesterday. The police went about
in boats taking people from the second
stories of their homea.
BATTLE CREEK.. Mich.. March 25.—
Both the Kalamazoo River and Battle
Creek have begun falling, and It is be
lieved that the crest of the flood has
been reached here. The cold is check
ing the flood. The total flood loss here
is estimated to-day at (300,000.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind.. March^ 26.—
Several hundred houses in Indianapolis
are flooded and 300 families have been
driven from their homes. The property
damage will be very heavy.
"WASHINGTON. Ind., March 25.—
White River Is. ten miles wide in places
and is rising rapidly. Thousands of
acres of farm land are under water.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., March 26.-3el
dom if ever since the Civil "War has
the entire South been so completely
Isolated from the North as It is to-day.
Destruction or paralysis of telegraph
facilities by the storm was so wide
spread and unparalleled that not a wire
was working south through Richmond,
Nashville, Memphis or any of the great
centers of electrical control on either
side of the Alleghenies so far as beyond
the Mississippi. The absence of intelli
gence from the South was keenly felt
in commercial circles on account of the
critical situation in the cotton trade,
as a result of the semi-panicky condi
tions growing out of the sensational
Government report yesterday on crop
conditions, following so closely after
the upheaval resulting from the sus
pension of Sully & Co. Anxiety was
also felt as to the rumors of great loss
of life and property damage as a direct
result of a storm of such extraordinary
nature.
SPRINGFIELD, Ohio, March 26.—
The worst flood in Springfield's his
tory threw a thousand men out of
work, drove twenty-five families from
their homes and completely stopped
street car traffic. Policemen were
called out early to get boats to rescue
people hemmed in by the flood. Many
residents are still unable to get out of
their homes.
DETROIT. March 26.— The flood sit
uation throughout Lower Michigan
seems less hopeful to-night. The point,
of greatest danger seems to be at
Grand Rapids and along the course of
the Grand River. Estimates made at
the various stations place the flood
damages at several million dollars. The
number of drowning3 reported was in
creased to three to-day by the death
of Joseph Klrkbride, who while ridlns
horseback was swept off a flooded
bridge at Saranac.
Eight bridges were destroyed at and
near Flint to-day.
LITTLE ROCK. Ark., March 25.— A
destructive storm to-day caused tho
death of three persons, injured several
others and laid waste much property
in Gainesville and vicinity.
PORTLAND, Ind.. March 26.— Two
men were drowned here to-day and a>
boy was drowned at Huntlngton as
the result of the flood. The loss here
will reach $100,000.
The body found In the trunk is that
of a young, well -formed woman, only
partly dressed. The police theory is
that Crossman, while she was undress-
Ing, struck her from behind with an
ax. severing a portion of the skull,
X>art of which is now missing.
At the time of his suicide Crossman
had five known wives living and sev
eral children. The discovery occurred
through the suspicions of a lodger to
¦j\ hom -Crossman let some rooms. For
several weeks the lodger had noticed
an obnoxious odor and complained of it,
but Crossman attributed it to the
drains. At the came time Crossman
was living with one of his wives In the
came room where the body of wife No.
8. was concealed In a trunk. The lodger
traced the odor thereto and Crossman
agreed to take the trunk away. During
the evening of March 23, while moving
the trunk, the lodger's suspicions were
further Increased, and when he saw a
black fluid ooze out of the trunk he
went to a police station. Just as the
grewsome load waa lifted into a cart
the police appeared. With a cry. Cross
man started to run. For three-quarters
of a mile he fled for his life. The po
lice grained on him, and Just as the fore
most of his pursuers was on his heels
Grossman drew from his pocket a razor
and cut his throat from ear to ear.
J}eath was almost instantaneous.
Crossman found his eighth wife in
the young daughter of a London rail
way employe, and she is supposed to
be the victim he incased in cement.
Once free, he set to work to marry
by wholesale. Wife No. 4 was quickly
Becured. She and her baby recently
were living at Crossman's house at
JienEalrys.
'At Heading Crossman secured a fifth
wife under the name of Seaton. A
month later he married again. The
whereabouts and fate of his sixth wife
Hie still uncertain. Having three wives
li\ing at different places, Crossman
took a fourth wife, making a total of
eeven. up to that time. For a year he
kopt up th? deception, and apparently
r.one of his wives had the faintest sus
picion of his polygamous living.'
VICTIJI IN TIIK CEMENT.
Though only TO years old, Cross
man'E career rivals that of famous
rriminals. Under various aliases he
led a double and even a triple
married life. He was an engin
eer, composer, wlgmaker and
bookmaker. His chief means of sup
port, however, appear to have been de
rived from his wives, several of whom
he- -seemed through advertisements.
In 1S3S Crofsman was sentenced to
five years' Imprisonment for bigamy,
nnd when he killed himself he was still
on parole. Yet his neighbors always
regarded him as a respectable man,
¦who led a quiet and uninteresting life.
Crossman's first wife died, apparent
ly; of natural causes, in 1897. He re
named in 1S97 at Maidstone. and the
same year created a bigramous mar
riage at Aldon. with the result that
ho was sentenced to five years in penal
servitude. Good conduct in prison en
abled him to avoid the full term.
LONDOX, March 26.— Polygamy and
Its Influence over George Crossman,
'ti-ho had eight or more wives, and the
developments following from the sul
cid* of CroEsman are absorbing public
attention.
On the night of March 23 Crossman,
Tvho was living In the respectable su
burb of Kensalrys, killed himself to
avoid arrest by the police, whose sus-"
picions had been aroused regarding the
contents of a trunk which Crossman
v as sending away from his house.
On opening the trunk the body of a
•Voman was found incased in cement.
An investigation proved that she was
murdered abmit six months ago and
that she was one of Crossman's wives.
¦ F^ve of his wives were traced and
found alive. One wife is dead and two
are missing. The body found cemented
Is in a decomposed condition even to
the skull, which had been split with
fcn as.
The police believe it possible the in
vestigation may prove that Crossman
adapted a similar method in ridding
himself of other superfluous wives, of
Mhich it is suspected he may' have
had several who have not yet been
traced.
RIVALS GREAT CRLMIXALS.
Proprietor ol Spokane Lodg
ing-Honse Is Beaten
to Death.
Four Territories May Be
Known as Arizona" and
' Oklahoma.
Rvt of the Women Who Married the
• Criminal Are Found Alive, but
Two Others Are MissiBg.
Telegraph Lines Are Down as Result
of Storm and the South Is Iso
lated From the North.
Mnrderer Commits Suicide
... During a Pursuit by
the Police.
Quarrel Over Broken
Pitcner Ends in
Murder.
Point ol Greatest Danger
Is Thought to Be at
Grand Rapids.
Republican Leaders
Agree on Plan
of Action.
Situation in Lower
Michigan Less
Hopeful.
Atrocious Crime of a
Polygamist in
London.
CONGRESS
TO FAVOR
STATEHOOD
LANDLORD
IS KILLED
BY ROOMERS
INCASES
DEAD WIFE
IN CEMENT
MILLIONS
ARE LOST
BY FLOOD
VOLUME XCV— NO. 113.
I* : "
ft. i,IgS, JiCTATgn » — '
rcrccact made at San Fran
cisco Icr tMrty hours eadiajr
niSsixlit, March 27:
San Francisco »ad Tldalty—
Clcn£y. unsettled weather Son*
dcy; probablr showen; fresh
southeast winds.
a. a. ascAsis,
District Porecaster.
, TBS THSATCBSi
Alacazar — "PonlfaL" IXatlaea
To-Day.
California — Anna Eva ray.
Central — "The ICin? c£~ Detec
tives." Mattaee To-Day.
Columbia — "Harriet's Honey
moon."
Chutes — Vaudeville.
Fischer's — "The Kounders." Mat
inee To-Day.
Orohetun — Vaudeville. Matinee
To-Day.
Tlvoli— "Mr. Wcfcwick."
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
FORTY-FOUR PAGES— SAN FRANCISCO, vSUNDAY; -MARCH 27, 1904— PAGES- 21 TO 32.
RUSSIANS ANNIHILATE A BAND OF CHINESE
BANDITS ON THE FRONTIER OF MANCHURIA
The San Francisco Call.VLADIVOSTOK, March 26.—Sup
plies of provisions on hand assure the
sale of food at peace prices during the
summer, even ' though the operations
of the Japanese and the overflowing
of the rivers may cause difficulty in
transportation, followed by an increase
in the price of a few articles. The
Koreans had laid up stores of cab
bages, onions and cucumbers far the
winter, but these were not used and
are now sold cheaply. The attempts
of minor deatars to raise prices were
followed by repressive military meas
ures.
There are many empty lodgings in
Vladivostok. Nikolsk has been chosen
as a residence by many. Nearly all
the women »C the middle class are
leaving Vladivostok and the islands of
Saghahen and Posieta. Lodgings at
Xikolsk have doubled in urices.
Reward for Bravery Pleases Sailors.
ST. PETERSBURG, March 26.—
The Ministry of Marine has received a
dispatch from Captain Stepanoff, ex
ecutive officer of the cruiser Variag,
dated Port Said, announcing the re
ception by the officers and sailors of
the sunken ship of the news of "their
decoration with the St. George cross,
which was conferred upon" the entire
VLADIVOSTOK DOES
NOT FEAK SHORTAGE
OF FOOD SUPPLIES
SFLEXDID KLECTRIC TRAIN
SERVICE IN MIDDLE WEST
Comfortable, Well Equipped Coaches
and Dining Cars That Rim Over
Sixty Miles an Hour.
A 200-mile road is in operation be
tween Columbus, jOhio, and Indianap
olis, equipped with sleeping: and dining
cars of the most advanced, type. Ex
tensions of this line are being pushed
through to Wheeling, W. Va., and to
Pittsburgh and plans are being made
for connections with Cincinnati. This
service In another year will cover
stretches in various directions of from
200 to 500 miles in |ength. Solid trains
are run, consisting of sleepers, dining
cars and day coaches, all of the most
improved design and construction, the
sleepers costing over $20,000 each. State
rooms with two berths are used instead
j of open compartments. The roadbeds
I and tracks are built as substantially
| as on steam roads, and a speed of
] sixty-five miles an hour is regularly
made on some stretches. Indeed, the
; Chicago, Elgin and Aurora Railroad is
planning an equipment capable of 10U
miles an hour for everyday schedule.
Trains leave the Indianapolis and Co
lumbus terminals at 1:30 o'clock every
night Jnd finish the 200-mile run at G
o'clock on the morning. The operation
of the road has shown that there is no
smoke, cinders or dust, and that sleep
ing car passengers will be able to open
their windows in summer. The charge
for a berth and fare between the two
cities is $5, which is less than the day
coach fare on the competing steam
railroads. Although in the Eastern
States the development of the electric
railway has not yet- reached a stage
where sleepers and dining cars are In
use. still the improvements in the
equipment and fittings of the ordinary
service cars are keeping pace with
those of lines in other parts of the
country. The . Fonda, Johnstown and
Gloversville Railway has put on new
palace cars, which are. said to be the
largest and most expensive ever seen.
They are fifty-five feet in length and
¦weigh forty-three tons. High back re- !
versible • seats, finished in plush, with j
roll headrests and footrests, increase I
the comfort of the passenger. Each
car seats fifty-six persons. Over each
seat is an electric light, arid the electric
push button' keeps the passenger in
close touch with the conductor. A tele
phone connects both platforms, so that
the motonnan and conductor can talk
with each other and also with the gen
eral offices of the company.' The cars
are geared to forty-five miles an hour.
—New York Sua WirHtV'Tii
Sntnios the Canal.
Some people ar; born without any
Benre of proportion, and that must
have been the fate of the Chicago gen
tlemen who' are making the effort of
, their lives to have the Panama canal
called the "Hanna canal" in recogni
tion of Senator Hanna's services to
the great enterprise.
The Panama canal already has a
name and has had it for the last thirty
years. This name is an ideal one, be
cnr.ss it is Impersonal, undesigned,
preographical. historical and descrip
tive. To change it now in honor of
any human bcins would be absurd,
undeserved and little short of sacri-
J^ffious. — Chicago Chronicle.
Flee From 3Iilitary Service.
NEW YORK,' March 26. — Among
the steerage passengers on the Ham
burg-American line steamer Pennsyl
vania, which arrived to-day from
Hamburg, were 1500 Poles and Finns
and\600 Hebrews. Many of these are
said to have hurriedly left Russia in
order to evade military duty.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., March
26. — The steamship Pleiades arrived
this morning from Yokohama, after a
passage of sixteen days. She brought
no passengers and no . cargo. The
Pleiades was at Port Arthur during
the naval battle of February 9. When
the vessel left Port Arthur on Febru
ary 13 for Chef u she carried a large
passenger list of Chinese and other
refugees, whom the Russians decided
to remove from Port Arthur.
Stcmusliin Pleiades Returns.
4409 tons to Spain and 1146 tons to
Italy. Holland and her colonies took
1005 tons and Denmark 678 tons. — New
York Commercial.
WASHINGTON, March 26.— The
State Department has sent no fresh
instructions to Davidson to proceed to
his post as- Consul at Antung. When
the Consul sailed from San Francfsco
It was understood by the department
that he would go as far as Shahghai
and there await further instructions.
Davidson Xot Ordered to Antung.
different Russian stock exchanges
whether bureaus of Information giving
credit ratings of Russian and foreign
firms should be allowed to operate In
Russia. At present financial agencies
are not allowed to do busines In that
empire.— New York Commercial.
Infantry Barracks Condemned.
SEBASTOPOL, March 26.— The in
fantry . barracks here, which cost
$250,000, have been condemned as
dangerous. • ; " ¦' : ';:iJ
The roller chair concessionaire of the
St.- Louis fair has sent out invitations
to all the college men of the country
to join the "push." The concessionaire
is anxious to have all the pushers
young men who have enjoyed the edu
cational privileges of our great seats of
learning — young- men,' as he puts it,
who* "will .combine that gracefulness, of
manner and intelligent interest in the
fair desired in men doing this kind of
work." But the concessionaire would
do more wisely, we think, to attempt to
engage his pushers, so far as possible,
from the athletic ranks of the univer
sities. St. Louis is a warm town, and
strength and endurance will probably
be found more necessary than "grace
fulness of manner." And so far as "in
telligent interest is concerned," the at
titude of the average college student
toward art and. kindred subjects is too
likely to be that of the American young
woman who upon seeing the Venus de
Mllo said: "Well, if that's art, excuse
me!" If the college students' services
were limited to pushing us down the
Pike — well, that would be different. —
New York Globe.
College Men Preferred.
A concession has been granted to a
civil engineer. Eugenlo de Andrade. for
the building of an electric railway
tween Rio de Janeiro and Petropolls.
Work must be begun within two years.
The exports of German locomotives
during the first nine months of 1903 ag
gregated 16,506 metric tons In weight,
being a large increase over the ship
ments for the same period of the pre
cding year. Of these shipments 5564
tons went to the British East Indies,
Kxports of German Locomotives.
Financial Agencies in Russia.
The department of commerce of the
Russian Ministry of Finance has de
cided to ask the representatives of the
Idle Spectators Arc r Barred;
WASHINGTON, March 26. ' — The
State Department received a cable'to
day from Minister Allen at Seoul ad
vising the' 'department to -'discourage
WASHINGTON, March 26.— The
following! cable dispatch has been re
ceived, from Richard Greener,-"'com
mercial agent at Vladivostok, dated
March 25:
"Left Vladivostok—- Ed\yard Huff,
David Fairweuther, Robert and Mrs.
Rodgers, San Francisco.
"Shanghai — Mrs. Reuben Smith,
Fruitvale, Cal. '
"Remaining and well, Shanghai —
David Clarkson. Portland, Or.; Reuben
Smith, Fruitvale, Cal.; Harry Busch,
Alexander and Nemmie Lugebit, Ala
medaf CaL; Alexander Brown, Mon
tana; Frank Cole, Ada AIcMahon.
Arthur Taylor, San Francisco."
She Moved Slowly.
Senator Nelson W. Aldrich of Rhode
Island tells this story on himself. He
was in New York recently and stopped
at the Fifth Avenue Hotel for several
days. The first night he was in town
an elderly woman stopped him near
the hotel and said:
'•'Please, sir, will you tell me the way
to. Harlem?" "-'«;¦
"Harlem!" exclaimed the Senator.
Why, my good woman, you are about
two miles from there, and I should ad
vise you to take a cab."
"Is it as far as that?"- Inquired the
woman. "Then I'll have to walk," and
she sighed heavily as she drew her
shawl more tightly over her shoulders.
The Senator's heart was touched.
"Let me assist you, madam," he said.
"Here are two dollars."
"God bless. you, sir," said the woman,
fervently.
Two nights later the Senator again
was stopped near the hotel by. the same
woman.
"Please, sir, can you tell me the way
to Harlem?" she asked.
"Good Lord, woman, haven't you got
to Harlem yet?" he replied as he
passed on.— BostonN Journal.
Americans intending to go to Korea
to observe military operations, as trre
Japanese will not . permit them to
do so.
-ST. PETERSBURG, March 26.— The
text of the Emperor's message to Vice
roy Alexieff notifying him of the ap
pointment of General Kuropatkin to
the command of the. Russian troops in
the Far East and of Admiral Makaroff
to the* command of the fleet -at Port
Arthur, not only clearly defines the lat
ter's position,, but specifically an
nounces Russia's ajms. The message
follows: -''v '•¦.
"Owing- to the importance of the im
pending struggle, which is intended to
finally insure the predominant position
of Russia on the shores of the Pacific
Ocean, and foreseeing that it will be
necessary for you as my lieutenant t,o
transfer your residence to a more cen
tral position— for instance, Harbin or
some other place of your choice — I have
found it expedient to send to your as
sistance General. Kuropatkin for . the
direction of the land forces, with the
rights of army commander, and Vice
Admiral JIakaroff for the direction of
the sea forces, with the rights of fleet
commander. I am convinced that the
appointment of these independent, re
sponsible commanders in chief will en
able you as my lieutenant to discharge
the difficult and historic task which has
fallen to your lot." ' •
The mobilization of the Manchurian
army is now complete. General Kuro
patkin stopped at Harbin to visit the
fortress there. He will reach Mukden
to-morrow.
The Russian authorities have been
privately Informed that the Egyptian
Government proposes to exercise • sur
veillance over shing other than war
ships passin.gr through the Suez canal in
order to ascertain whether they carry
contraband of war. If the report is' of
ficially confirmed Russia will imme
diately protest against It as a violation
of the international agreement covering
the canal.
The Japanese Government, through
the United States embassy, has re
quested Russia to permit the Japanese
Consul and the consular staff at Tur
busFi, Island of Saghalien, and 400-refu
gees to return to Japan. Many of the
latter are represented to be suffering
from lack of food.
The Russian authorities have ar
ranged to deliver without postage all
mail intended for soldiers in the field.
The papers here are quoting editorials
published in American newspapers to
prove that the Japaphile agitation in
the United States is not such a brilliant
success as the New York correspond-
ents of the London papers would have
it appear. Some of the papers sharply
criticize the advice of Sir Robert Hart,
the Inspector General of Chinese Cus
tome to China, counseling the strength
ening of the Chinese army. The Novoe
Vremya declares that Sir Robert is
cunningly seeking to encourage China
with a semi-organized .army to inter
fere after the Japanese are defeated,
thus giving Great Britain a chance to
step in and share the spoils, while the
Bourse Gazette argues that in view of
Sir Robert- Hart's advice the respon
sibility for complications must' fall upon
Great Britain. «
MEDITERRANEAN- SEA
SQUADRON WILL BE
SUMMONED HOME
PARIS, March 27. — A St. Petersburg
correspondent of the Petit Parisien
reports an interview with a high officer
of the Russian navy regarding the de
parture of the Baltic squadron for the
Far East- The fleet of Admiral Wiren
lus, this "officer says, will be recalled
and thoroughly overhauled; He adds
that the united squadrons cannot ieavs
before the end of September, when the
sectional torpedo-boats which are to bs
sent to Port Arthur will be ready. This
will give the Russians a decided su
periority and the war, the officer as
serts, will be brought to a speedy close.
The correspondent's Informant .de
clares that the cruiser Dmitri Donskoi,
en account of her slowness, will re
main at home.
A crisis in trade, adds the corre
spondent, has been caused by mer
chants, "who announce that a 10 per
cent advance in prices will be made on
Monday.
*
ship's company. The announcement
of the- honor was received -with- great
enthusiasm. The telegram added that
all of the officers and men were ready
to dio. for their faith, the Czar and
their, country.
SAN FRANCISCANS
AMONG REFUGEES
. FJ103I VLADIVOSTOK
_ _ ¦¦••¦¦¦¦-, ¦ ..
Present War Is Intended to Insure the Czar's Pre*
dominance on ike XI) ester n Shores of
RUSSIA THROWS OFF MASK
AMD REVEALS HER PURPOSE
¦ ¦* . . ¦ ¦-.'¦¦¦. ' ¦. ¦.
THE SAN- FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 27, 1901.
22
AD VEBTISEMENTS. '•: S: \
Scrofula
It is commonly inherited.
Few are entirely free from it. m
Pale; weak, puny children are
afflicted with it in nine cases out of
ten, and many adulrs sufifer from it.
¦ Common indications are bunches in
the neck, abscesses, cutaneous erup-
j tions, inflamed eyelids, sore ears,
rickets, catarh, wasting and general
debility.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
and Pills
Eradicate it,, positively and absolute-
iyi' This "statement is based on the
thousands of permanent "cures these
medicines have wrought. ••"¦
.Testimonials of remarkable cures mailed
on request. C. I. HOOD CO, Lowell, Mass.
: ADVERTISEMENTS. ,
1 ¦ ; — ~ ~ ~ *
Easter Is at Hand===Take Timely Thought of Your
You will want your new clothes for Easter Sunday — you've only a week to get them
An Easter Suit Our Spring Top Coat Easter Clothes for the Little Ones
Faster marks the arrival of Spring u-i_- i • u • j We've special attractions in Easter
v . ; master marics tne arrival or opnng as in our show windows, clothes for the children,
in all it^. warmth, glory and fresh- much The novelty of the sea son for your
ness: ,-fhe time is ripe to renew . . . . little fellow is the
'your" wardrobe with the seasons tan shade is so suggestive of Spring. Eton Collar Suit
latest productions. Cut in refined lines to appeal to the cut in Sailor and Russian Blouse st vie, in
We offer, you choicest and most careful dresser. In a variety of solid colors and new homespun effects,
exquisite color combinations in serv- Covert weaves— serge and silk lined, g\f\ /M/\ i\€\
iceable cloths, made up with all the from %g&J &5.U0 tO ibSU.UU
smartness or the highest class mer- ¦ <^S^ jl C^Of? '
tailoring; . *\ tyld 10 5^ J5 Confirmation Suits
¦0T§mmor of your visit will be _______ Long Pants Suits
appreciated. . _ ¦' ¦ , « . wj . in Black Clay Worsted, single and double
-We invite special attention to our 1 Me Man S haSter Mat breasted, smart and mannish, for boys
new-; /model sack... suits, single and ; 12 to 19 years,
double-breasted, as being particularly' is as important an item as his wife's <£BA AA
"smart" and dressy. or sister's. Top off your new suit •
; -T- — — — — — V with a new hatand get a good one Knee Pants Suits
A Fr~OCk Coat fof Sunday while you're at it. Just get a in Blue Serge, made with vests, natty
-Often-referred to as the Prince Albert; '' CTFTQniVl af <LA (\<\ and stylish looking
the correct thing for Easter. O I L I OUl\ at %>4.UU (t^ CZ(\
If you haven't one, now's a good time - \ H* * • \M\M
to' add one to your \vardr9be. These R ' T Ho c:,,itc
coats'bear all the earrharks^of exclusive P^^fer !Vecl<W^^II* : DOys 1 uxeuo z»uns
tailoring -well-shaped shoulders -per- CdMCI ¦ . l^^wi^WCcir. of Bhick Crepe cloth; knee pants; well
fectlv. -modeled: body -long, graceful tight grounds and the N new Cliff ' ? ad f ; thorough tailoring; silk facing;
skirts. In Black- Vicuna, silk lined, at : <^ :^^;^v^:^f^h.^4^v^ handsome and swell; sizesStol;,,
./. •-•¦--¦•"¦¦¦ - grays in a vanety or shapes, suitable <£0O EZf\
$30 and $40 . • $ld.5i)
••¦¦ >: ' •'¦•¦-'¦•"•¦-- ¦ * ¦¦ ¦' fa. ± a na Boys' Easter Gloves
'-^white'or fancy waistcoat adds a re- OUC lU.^^.OU. and Neckwear
fining touch to any suit. With the frock ¦ —. — — ! ' We have provided for the boys as well
.coat it isinaispe'nsabje. In iwash -mate- TXfS.s\ C* r%T^r^ <r* as the me H a lar^ e and attractive variety
rials from f l^( id B^ 1^ l^rl B^ of Gloves and Neckwear in all the new
'¦^-\:' ttt - m .:] im^ »>v l\V/v/*J L-IIW/O* and fashionable shades for Easter.
<gi to S7 " Gioves $1.00
W-VyJ" M*?V KE AR N Y AT F O S T Neckties ......... 5Oc
D3. KILMER'S SWA-SLP-BOOT. '
THOUSANDS HAVE KIDNEY
lllLEiS PONT KNDW-IT
j |)~] ||p [i ' liiffffl 'i0^
! i - ' •'!• ¦•-:*•.¦.¦;!•¦ :. '!/* ¦ • i; ;.• ; i, ' ! = I - ¦' I i' :^f~<i '¦¦ \\T< I - f u
To Prove what Swamp-Root, the Great Kidney Remedy,
Will Do for YOU. Every Reader of "The Call" May
Have a Sample Bottle Sent Free by Mail
Wcnk and unhealthy kidneys arc responsible for more sickness
ord suffering then any other disease -thsrefors, when, through
neglect or other causes, kidney trouble is permitted to continue,
-ictal results are sure to follow.
Vour other organs may need attention — but your kidneys most,
because they do most and need attention first.
If you arc sick o-"* ''feel badly," begin taking Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp- Root, the great kidney, liver and bladder remedy, because
es soon as your kidneys begin to get better they will help all the
other organs to health. A trial will convince any one.
The mild and immediate effect of brickdust or sediment in the arinc.
Swamp-Root, the great kidney and headache, backache, lame back, dizzi-
bla^der remedy, is soon realized. It ness. sleeple»ness. nervousness, heart
ttands the highest for its wonderful disturbance due to bad kidnev trouble,
cures of the most distressing cases, skin eruptions from bad blood, neural-
Swarr.p-Root will set your whole sys- gia. rheumatism, diabetes, bloating, ir-
tern rirht. and the best proof of this ritability, worn-out feeline. lack of am-
is a trial. i bition. loss of flesh, sallow complexion.
S3 COTTAGE ST.. MEi.ROSE. mass, I or Brifjht's disease.
i w a , ,„ the « *<>";. «&] when allowed to re-
©r i«*« kninpv trouble, and within the i>a*t mam undisturbed in a glass or bottle for
raS3TSS^£^^£SS£&S£ twenty-four hour* .forms a sediment or
rcy strength and in,»er »&* fast leaving me. settling or has a cloudy appearance, it
irnrr »*E. art 7 rUs T'f nT of , aT "r>-« o °t an< J is evidence that your kidneys and
»rote asking for advle*. I beg-an the use of ii j. . • j- . • .. .•
-Thf rs^trine and noted a decided improvement Dladder neea immediate attention,
after taking Swamp-Hoot only a #hcrt ttree. ¦ Swamp-Root is the Rreat discovery of
I co'ititiUf-rt its us>- and am thankful to trav I tn Tr-i ¦ • tl' ¦ • i -j 1
that i »m cettrdy cup-i and String in order Dr - Kilmer, the, eminent kidney and
to be \>t) Eure about tiii*. i had k doctor ex- bladder specialist. Hospitals : use it
emlne «ome of mv witfr to-dav and h«> r.rn- -^t j / t l .l •• l»
ncunc-d it all ritht and in splVndtd condiUon Wlth wonderful SUCCeSS m both slight
i knew that vour Swamp-Root *« purely veg'- and severe cases. Doctors recommend
5S™' TSnkiiSTyorfo^V^StJ 1^?. 1 itto their patients, and use it irr^their
?ry and r.-o:.rrraendinir SwamD-Koot to all euf- Own families, because, they recognize
tenn. i w." Wry truly you™. j n Swamp-Root the ijreatest and most
I. c. ri.hardson. jacccss f u i re m e dy.
You may have a sample bott!e of this Swamp-Root is pleasant to take and
famous kidney remedy. Swamp-Root, is for sale at drug stores the world
*ent iree by mail, post-paid, by which over in bottles of two sizes and two
voti may test Us virtues for such dis- prices— fifty cents and one dollar. Re-
orders as kidney, bladder and uric acid member the name. Swamp-Root. Dr.
diseases, poor digestion, being obliged Kilmer's Swamp-Root, and the ad-
to pass yor.r water frequently night and dress Binghamton. N. Y., on every
cay, smarting or irritation in passing, bottle.
EDITORIAL NOTE.— So successful is Swamp-Root in promptly
curing even the most distressing cases of kidnev. liver or bladder trou-
bles, that to prove its wonderful merits you may have a sample bottle
?.nd a book of valuable information, both sent absolutely free by mail. The
book contains many of the thousands upon thousands of testimonial let- •
ters received from men and women cured. The value and success of
Swamp-Root is so well known that o^.- readers are advised to send for a
sample bottle. In sending vour address to Dr. Kilmer & Co.. Bingham-
• ton, N. \ ., be surr to sav von -end this generous offer in the San Fran-
. C!*co Sunday Call. The proprietor of this paper guarantees the genuineness
• of- this offer.
, If the SERVANT QUESTION
Is one of your troubles — end it.
Reliable men and women are
seeking situations through CALL*
ads.
APVEBTISEMElJTa.
From an unsurpassed stock we are offering
surprisingly good values :
iooo YARDS INLAID LINOLEUM, slishtlv imperfect.
§but hardly perceptible.... | A/%n sauare vard,
ReRular price $1.6.=;, now. ... V *'« W LAID
CELEBRATED ENGLISH. SCOTCH AND GRANITE
INLAIDS <£ I 1 C a square vard.
«P 1 •**•** LAID
We are sole acents for RIXDORFER GERMAN IN-
LAID, FRED WALTON'S ORIGINAL PATENT ENG-
LISH GREENWICH INLAID. NAIRN'S SCOTCH
INLAID. NAIRN'S DOMESTIC and PRINTED IN-
For decorative effects and wearing' qualities, the reputa-
tions of these linoleums are world wide. The colors and
patterns of Inlaids extending through their entire thick-
ness makes wearing: ont almost impossible. Inlaids come
in Carpet, Hardwood, Tile and Moire effects and are emi-
nently suitable for Bathrooms, Kitchens. Vestibule*.
Offices. Stores and Show Windows.
This department : Iso includes Linoleum Mats. Cork Car-
pets, Cork Bath Mats and Oil Cloths.
Our Annual Clearance Sale still offers remarkable orice
reductions in Furniture for Hall, Library. Parlor. Dinin*
Room and Bedroom; also Lace Curtains. Draperies. Uo-
holstery. Oriental and Domestic Rugs.
114-122 POST STREET
GIlEKXBEnC & GUEEXBEKG.
GREENBERG&GREENBERG
EASTER
AU that's new in / (VJP%/|/
VEILINGS / n ™ c
25c. 35c, 40c, 50c, / 0 LU V L S
75c a yard. / .
\0VELTY / utJu\ I
DROP VEILS/ ********** I
50c. 75c, $1.00/ ;•**' /
All shades. / 51.00, $1.25, /
AUTO- / $150 pair.' /
MOBILE /-,--,-,,_ /
If/ SILK / N
'/CLOVES/ J
/ 50c, 75c. / W
/ $1.00. $|.2S. /
/ : Kttfd /LACE
/ gu^^/wAISTS
/ NEW / Brautiful
BELTS / Designs at
At 50c, 75c. $|, / $750 ' 5950.
$f.25upto / $U.50,$l3.00 t
53.50. / $16.50, 5«9.50.
.Every one should see the above novelties
brfore baying for Easter.
GREENBERG&GREENBERG
31, 33. 35 and 37 Grant in.,
Cor. Gear; St.When a politician limbers up his
blowpipe you can never be quite sure
whether it's a megaphone on a jag, or
just a plain gas explosion.
future material welfare.
I am glad to say that this investment
in the Mutual Life is probably the best
one that I have ever made.*" '
\ EBEN SMITH.
France and England each own in
Africa an area as large as the United
States* . r:.^-/". . .
The deposits I made during four years
until tho aggregate reached the total
named, and this policy reflected my
growing belief in life insurance as one of
the* best, if not the very 'best, forms of
Investment ever devised. - _
V The depreciation in -other securities
which I hold has strengthened my belief
in life insurance in a company like the
Mutual Life. The annual income, which
I am receiving and shall continue to re
ceive from the Mutual Life as long as I
live, protected as it is by over four hun
dred and one million dollars, relieves me
from ¦ anxiety regarding' my own future,
and the life income which my contract
guarantees to my son and daughter and
my six grandchildren in. the event of my
death relieves me of all concern for their
Dear Sirs: I have invested in the Mu
tual Life Insurance Company of New
York $662,023 28. «n amount which I un
derstand to be the largest sum ever in
vested by an individual with an insur
ance company.
NEW YORK. March 2$.— The largest
sum ever paid an insurance company by
an individual has been deposited with
the Mutual Life Insurance Company of
New York by Eben Smith of Denver. Col.,
who has placed In the company's hands
over $663,000. Under the terms of his
contract Mr. Smith receives an annual
Income for life, and at his death his son
and daughter and his. six grandchildren,
in addition to large cash payments, will
also receive annual incomes for life. Mrl
Smith asked his trust company how he
could best make these provisions for
himself and for his entire family, and
was advised that the "Mutual Life Con
tract offered him the best. way for carry
ing Out his plans. He directs attention
ln s the following letter to the fact that
the fluctuations in the value of other se
curities which he holds Impress him with
the stable character of his Investment in
the Mutual Life. .
NEW YORK. March 1. 1D04.
The Mutual Life Insurance Company of
New York:
In the course of his evidence Captain
de Keyser. not only swore that he him
self was guiltless, but gave a denial of
similar charges current against the
Congo Free State officials generally.
The defendant presented no evidence
in support of. the charges.
The other suits against Captain Bur
rows, brought by Captains Chaltin and
Duriecuick, both Congo officials, whom
Burrows charged with disemboweling
infants, etc., were settled in court. Bur
rows agreeing to pay each of the plain
tiffs $250 damages.
LONDON. March 26.— While mission
aries were petitioning President Roose
velt and Secretary Hay at "Washington
yesterday to intervene on behalf of the
Datives of the Congo Free State, Cap
tain Henri de Keyser. a former officer
of the Congo Free State, was spins Cap
tain Guy Burrows in an English court
for libel in connection with the alleged
atrocities. Captain Burrows on his re
turn from the Congo, January 2, 1902.
published a book in which he charges
Captain de Keyser with committing nu
merous atrocities on natives, shooting
them, cutting off their hands and oth
erwise mutilating them. The case has
been on trial for two days and resulted
In a verdict In favor of CaptaiiT^de
Keyser,* who was awarded $2500 dam
ages.
London Jury Decides That
Captain de Keyser Was
Libeled in Burrows' Book
Eben Smith's Investment
With the Mutual Life In
surance Co. Exceeds All
Previous Eecords.
AUTHOR MUST
PAY DAMAGES
FIRM BELIEVER IN
LIFE INSURANCE
"The erection of a statue in memory
of the tyrant Napoleon means nothing:
less than the triumph of the enemies of
lIberty.'V V- ¦ . -.
The burden of the editorial Is that
America, has been inoculated with the
virus of "Napoleonlsm." The writer
goes on to say that it is quite apparent
that Americans have not had their fill
of monarchs and that some of them are
aching for a chance to set up a' throne
and crown a King.
This spirit of aristocracy Is attributed
to the intoxication of conquest and an
Insatiable thirst for other worlds^ to
conquer. The writer then registers a
solemn warning to all Americans to
turn back before It is too late to remedy
the evil.
The editorial declares that a statue
to Napoleon In the public park of any
town in America would be an insult to
every republic In the world and odious
to every believer in national liberty as
opposed to despotism. The writer
warns, the people of the United States
against, "the poison of Napoleonism."
"France Is still suffering from the
victories, defeats and national ruin
wrought by Napoleon," he continues.
"Americans can only be counseled to
regard as enemies of their country alt
those who aim to glorify arms and con
quests. It can only nrean ultimate
bloodshed and national decadence.
PARIS. March 26.— The Rappel, a
French Radical organ, has taken note
of a recent announcement In a New
York newspaper that some American
city Is making plans for the erecting
of a statue of Napoleon. A long edi
torial is devoted to what Is termed the
evident decadence of the true spirit of
democracy on the other side of the At
lanta.
French Writer Says This Country la
Inoculated With "Virus of .
Xa poleonlsm ."
CLAIMS DEMOCRACY IS
WAXING IN AMERICA
If you will try to climb to the top of
the ladder be careful not to tumble oft
or make yourself ridiculous.
"When a man sets popularity beforn
his eyes he Is likely to let principle
out of his heart.
Morgan'* London House.
LONDON. March 26. — Aldenham
House, which J. P. Morgan of New
Tcrk Is said to have bought, is a beau
tiful sixteenth century mansion near
Elstree. in Hertfordshire, with a mod
«rn wing built about twenty-five years
eco. It has long been the country seat
of Her.ry Hucks Gibbs. who was made
The first Baron AMenham eisht years
sco. Lord AMenham is the head of the
f-arcial firm of Anthony E. Gibbs &
gSo&m; ar.d has been a director of the
Back cf England.
Many Princes at Cannes.
CANNES, -March 26.— Not since the
marriage of the Duchess Alexandrine
of Mecklenburg and Prince Christian
of Denmark six years ago have there
been so many Princes here. There are
here at present no fewer than twenty
eight royalties, of whom eight are im
perial highnesses and twenty royal
highnesses, also six serene highnesses.
Prince Louis d'Orleans was entertained
at breakfast by Mrs. Robert Goelet on
board the Nahma, and by Mrs. Corne
lius Vanderbilt. with Lord and Lady
Broughman. at the Chateau Leonore
On sev?ral nights ston.s and bricks
have been hurled through the windows
and churns, milk pans and other uten
sils have disappeared from the dairy,
though the door has been locked and
strict watch has been kept both by
the Thompson family and their neigh
bors.
In a district called Quilca, in County
Cavan, unearthly noises heard at night
for weeks past have reduced the In
habitants to a state of terrorT No one
will stir out after dark.
DUBLIN, March 26.— Two districts in
Ulster are in a stJ te of great excite
ment owing to supposed superna
tural visitations.
In the house of a farmer named
Thompson, who lives near Carrickmore,
County Tyrone, some extraordinary
happenings are alleged to have oc
curred. • , y
Imaginary Snooks Do Queer Tilings
and Cause a General %
Sensation.
GHOSTS TERRORIZE
DISTRICTS IN ULSTER
Part of the boat's equipment consists
of a lot of new life belts. These have
just been invented and the initial ex
periments have proved them to be vast
ly superior to the oldtlme life belts,
made of sections of cork sewed in can
vas bags. The new belt consists of a
broad sash in which there are four air
tight pockets. It has been tested sev
eral times In the last month and In
every case has given the best results.
Men wearing the belts jumped into
the water head first, but • Invariably
came to the surface head at the top
and remained thus without the least
movement of the. .body.' Experts say
the buoyancy of the new belt is suffi
cient to keep any one. above water for
many days.
PARIS, March 26.— The first motor
lifeboat ever built in France has just
been launched at Port La Rochelle and
is now the subject of no end of discus
sion among sailors. The boat Is pro
pelled by a twelve-horse-power engine,
in which petroleum is used for fuel, and
in an ordinary sea is credited with a
speed of twenty-five miles an hour.
The of the boat are like those of
a racer and It Is equipped with air-tight
compartments that the builders say
will keep it afloat in the heaviest seas.
Frenchman Devises a Craft That Is
Wonderful in Its Adapta
bility.
INVENTS MOTOR BOAT
THAT CANNOT SINK
Railroad bonds related to the
Northern Securities merger shared in
the temporary activity of the stocks.
The bond market was generally ir
regular.
United States. 2's. old 4's and new
4's registered advanced % and new 4's
coupon % per cent on call during the
week.
The transactions on Tuesday of
more than 400,000 shares of Union Pa
cific at an advance of more than 8
points was an Incident- which finds
few parallels in the history of the
Stock Exchange. The favorite hypo
thesis by Wall street was that North
ern Pacific and Great Northern inter
ests were securing a sufficient holding
in Union Pacific to secure an advan
tage proportionate to Union Pacific
influence in these two companies and
was doing this with the assent of the
controlling interests in Union Pacific
with a view to interchange of director
ships in the various companies and
establishment thus of a community of
interst which would effect the same
results in another way than the se
curities holding company. The large
supply of Union Pacific stocks brought
out from sources associated with the
company during the activity of tlfe
week was accepted by the bull party
as corroboration of this view. On the
other hand official denials were made
of any such plan or of any buying of
Union Pacific by Northern Pacific and
Great Northern interests. The tem
porary activity in the market was
largely congested in stocks wliich were
supposed to be available for the com
munity of interests under the new
plan. The mass of stocks showed lit
tle effect and. their comparative inter
ests checked the movement.
PRICE OF WHEAT ADVANCES.
The laggard movement in United
States Steel, in view of the encourag
ing reports of revived activity in the
iron and steel trade, was especially
notable, although the reports from
that trade had a cheering influence
upon the general sentiment. So did
the rains in the Southwestern wheat
belt. This influence was somewhat
modified by the advance in prices' of
wheat. Prospects for railroad earn
ings were reported better. Foreign
exchange advanced to the gold ex
port point, but the continued inflow of
Japanese gold is an off3et. Money
rates have fallen and in time loan's
are at a point^-.vhich encourages hold
ing of dividend paying railroad stocks
at present prices.
OFFICIALS MAKE DENIALS.
NEW YORK, March M.— To-day's
¦took market was a small affair and
trading centered again In Union Pa
cific That stock fluctuated over a
range of slightly more than a point
above last night's level, with constant
reactions, and ended the day with an
advance of %. The suggestion that
the- manner Kit distributing the North
ern Securities assets should be submit
ted to Judicial decision had an unset
tling influence upon the market In spite
of the various assurances and intima
tions from authorized sources that
there was no danger of hostilities be
tween the great forces concerned in the
settlement. Some .excitement was
caused all through tire Stock Exchange
neighborhood owing to a dangerous fire
near at hand on Broadway. The smoke
pervaded the halls and offices of the
great buildings surrounding it. Atten
tion was thus diverted and the trad
ing was languid. A reaction before the
bank statement carried prices back to
the neighborhood of last night's level
and there was an Indifferent rally after
its publication. The closing was dull
: and heavy. Total sales of bonds,
; $600,000.
The plan for the distribution of the
Northern Securities holdings of North
ern Pacific and Great Northern was
the occasion of an excited speculation
on two days of the week. The anima
tion and strength of the market in
these two days was almost as great
as on the days when the plan of the
Northern Securities organization began
to emerge into public knowledge. These
effects from the dissolution of a cor
poration from which such great results
were entertained . and whose formula
tion had stimulated such an abundant
rise in values occasioned some perplex
ity which has not been relieved by
anything thus far coming to the public
knowledge. -
Activity in tlie Iron and
Steel Industry E^rives
Under Favorable Reports
CONSTANT KJEACTIONS
Computed on the basis of the de
posits less 1 those of $45,948,100 public
funds, the surplus is $38,955,900. The
loans were expanded by $8,944,900,
carrying the total of this Item $7,863,
700 above the billion-dollar mark.
This increase In loans most likely re
flected the present sum at call of pub
lic deposits, which had been concen
trated in the banks during the week.
NEW 'YORK. March 26.— The Fi
nancier Bays: The strlklnr features
of the official statement of the New
York Associated Banks < this week
were new high records for deposits
an<I for' loans, the latter passing tho
bllllon-dollar mark. The Government
deposits , were the highest of the year.
The cash gain of the banks was 13.
072.000. or $796,500 above the In
crease as estimated from the trace
able movements of -money during the
week. The deposits were augmented
$11,654,800. a new high record, which
amount Is only $362,100 less than the
sum for gain in cash and the Increase
In loans; therefore, the statement
showed a good balance- It is note
worthy that. comDared With the pre
vious week, the public deposits ln^.
creased by $5,459,400, reflecting the
concentration of these deposits in the
specially designated banks; the in
crease In this Item since February
6 has been $9,064,800, indicating the
extent of the augmentation of the de
posits In anticipation of withdrawals
for the Panama canal payment. The
required reserve of 25 per cent cash
against all deposits was increased
through the gain in this item by $2,
913,700, deducting which from the ln
;crease in cash leaves $158,300. the
! gain in surplus reserve to $27,468,875.
Trading Centers Again in
Union Pacific Shares and
Price Is Slowly Advanced
New High Becords for De
posits, and for Loans Are
Established During Week
BANK SHOWING
IS FAVORABLE
STOCK MARKET
CLOSES HEAVY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAIX, SUNDAY, "MARCH 27, 1904.
23
DR. PIEBCE'S MSMEDIEa.
Ranch it and rough it and you'll toon
get rid of that vreak chest and that hack-
ing cough." That is what the doctor,
said to a young married man with a wife
and child to care - w:'
for and a modest C^£v
salary to support TtLfr^Tr:^^
them on. He '>«r^Sg^^a^
couldn't go West. (g^^F^^S
Love and duty tied JJ&mMIi^(bP
him to his desk, in
People don't flt^»V «K
have to travel to flUX) " ]\coJ
cure coujhs or 3i\f n/ik^^
strengthen weak '"SB^Lyu^Ei
luniks. Dr. Pierce's wpSS i?95>^5fc»
Golden Medical F^^W /XSq.
Discovery cares ob- \ w^vtlm fT
6tinate, de=p-seated IVu't^M//^
coughs, bronchitis, \ llf/Lr/w^^/
emaciation and U /
other forms of
disease which if neglected or tmstdll-
fully treated terminate fatally in con-
sumption.
"I will write yon whtt Dr. Pierce'8 Golden
Medicsl D5*covery has done forme,"aay$ George
H. Belcher. Esq.. of Dorton. Pike County. Ky.
"Thirteen years ago I was wounded by a ball
passing through ray Innjf. I have had a bad
cough almost ever : since, with shortness of
breath, and it was very easy, to take cold; the
slightest Changs of- weather would cause the
k couf h to be so bad I would have to sit up in bed,
all night Could not eat or sleep at times ; was
all rua down; could not work at alL A few
months ago I begaa using Dr. Pierce'a Golden
Medical Discovery. . Have not «aed more than
two bottles, and now can "eat, sleep, and work.
and I feel like a new man. I cannot find words
to sufficiently recommend Dr. Pierre's Golden
Medical Discovery, or tell the good it has done
me." ,"¦ :*:;'¦ ¦¦¦-• ' . .
. Dr. Pierce'8 /Common Sense Medical
Adviser in paper covers. is. sent free on
receipt of - 21 - one-cent stamps to • pay|
expense of mailing only. The book has
1008 pages and over 700 illustrations.
Address Dr JB~ V. Pierce, _Bnffgi O| ff. Y.:
_^ ADVERTISEMENTS*
If So, Read How Electro-chemistry. Cures Serious Kidney
Affections, in Which \o Medical Treatment Has
the Least Curative Effect. '
¦ To -«-h*n It M- CW.-ern- RI ° VISTA ' °"- ** n * *. 1904.
Zf !T??JSS r*' r T ' u! - a r e^n^I b-alth «nd Mrength was jrfvln* way I kn'w io™ethtn^
ha<I to be dor« «o I rave up my Tccrk and went to Pan Francisco to coiwuu'tlie^El«tro-
••(Elsued) WIILIAM J. DONXELLT.
Care Steamer Newtown,
• — , ¦ "Rio Vl*ta, CaJ."
r \^r"^^r?^t.YA : « ct^0 , Chenlrtry cures «erioni iidne7 diseases by cir-
¦< ¦^^MsBaBffiS, :? ', rr^ hl5 '-r 0xrc<raized blood to the diseased org-iSs.
%&&^zz-i%58Bn j:"* ii« the effect to stop the cellular degeneration tnat
4^ r: -; : .. x -JtSaS causes the breaking down of the kidney structnxe.
;^S%tSg *r, lec V? c **« ai * tr y c«e« advanced cases, In which no
ks»SrSt-' ! »B3S treatment can co.sltly achieve any curativ. result.
ttSSf -*?S^*r ' : *?-rtM _?^ irairererm,or to any one snspectiner kidney trouble
JrJ ]M we extend a cordial invitation to come to us f or a thowturh
&£i>\ '¦ Hi ;-S3 kld f ey exaaiisation free of charge. In theeo cases it i* well
V-%7-r~?--±Z j-ySi - Tiu * f ree cff e^ should appeal strcnjly to all person, who
¦ \3*&&£^JMg n^;- £?«£,«• T hO v kave noticec l deposits in the
:^^ Sugg's SSsa£SS5SS
JiB. Irv. A FREE TRIAL TREATMENT.
«:ure<J cf KWney. BlacJ-
der and Prostailc ™ <3<rn5cratr » t * bow Electro-Chemfstry cure* acemlnrlv in
TXKbSe ty Electro- cnrable we will give applicanT a trial t£.?m°nt^ also
•rtertSUitry. 'roe of charirf. Om treatment will demonstrate to th- natlent'2
Lt —> fttn satisfaction why thi. wonderful new treatment curea patlent "
One treatment will demonrtraie how Electri>-Chcml«try pours Into the dlaeaV^i v<^«
lire £*vic«. Itm b-jlldisg- blood. There Is no pain, no undrSslrJ not hint the fefst fl hu"
ticrable about this remarkable treatment. Men and women are welcome. J
The riectro-Chemlc Trcataaeat Carsi Painlessly and Wlthont Operation.
Catarrh. | Seal IToises, 0 Paralysis. [1 r.ive- Diseases
Bronchitis. i Bhemnatlsm. j Loccmotor Ataxla. H Bri^hrB~m*i* f .«
AsthTBw. » Kenral'^*. U Cancer, j DiibetA •" I * eas *«
Consoiartlon, ! ZTervonsness. ; XJlccra, 1 xtraneomla.
i Deafness. B Debility, B Tmncrs. B Bladder Troubles
CQgSTJXTATIQy AJTD ESAMINATIQIT PBEE.
PATIENTS TREATED SUCCESSFULLY AT HOME. ~
. The iZU ctro-ChensIc Home Treatment 1* the most perfect ever devised and employed But
Iferers ttwta* at a distant frcm San Frandaco and unable to visit the Institute are afford/rt
the ram* satisfactory and successful treatment as those who are treated In its offices rwT
riete a=d perfect electrical apparatas and appliance* loaned to patients taking home t?ea?*
ment. Ccrrespcndence TOllcitPd. Write full descrlpUon of your case. Diagnosis advW an,*
the cplniors of the Electro-* rhernic rpeciallrts free of charge. All correlponJence str icUv
cccfitennal. All letters mailed la plain envelopes. -w"uen_e stncuy
THE ELEGTRO-CHEMIC INSTITUTE, "riSr-
OCce Kcuri: Dally, 8 a, xo. to 6 p. m, and 7 to 8 p. St.; Snadayt,' 10 a. m. to 1 p. a. !
Separate Apartrneats lor Laliei aad Gentleaiea j
DXw SHOOP'S BJdCSDIESk ¦*¦'.;'
f -ii -i .i. |, I, I.!,,,- I,, , _, ,,,_, | Lllll ,_ ,.,,_,, ,-x.i^ni-,., I,-,, i i. ,., |.i,_, L i L «.,-..,.-,_ UU i ,_ '_ , . _ _-_-i_ii. i i LI1I-H-..I iJ ¦ i i.ili . i |.u
WILL YOU HELP A SICK FRIEND?
; Get My Book for Him Sow.
5Ua.II Book 3 ca Um Safiuej -.
i Book *1 for XTocmb.
.,_,!> »«* for U%a <srs>O
.£«a4 s« ao rsec«x* S
Osly tell sst which fcodt to r»n&.
}" c i l w rt *;v lr v ta ? owof^^ a 2. a * who te «*«*— «orae sufferer who will b«
crateful for th« help or book off«rs.
Ar.a that booktftUa of a w»y to hel>. T*Us of a wxar so oert&ln that I. aa a
rhjs:c:*n. cSer that h«lp on trial. Tft» book tells howfor 30 years in hospital!
ar.d fct b»!ia!ces I searched for a. wxy to cuna dMp-asated and diJTlcuit diseases,
• t . tf '^ how J P erf< ; c v^ »y prescription— Dr. Ehoop's Restorative. How by
5<c=t:flc experiment I traced oat tha oauscs that bring on chronic diseases.
I.fo-jsd is variably that whim thera wan a vr«ateess, the inside nerves wer«
wtX- V> here there was a lack of Tltallty, th* Tltal aervw lacked power. Where
«rcsk orB»=" were founi I al'nrsLys found week aeir«s. Kot the nerves com-
ir^erJr thouctt of. but the ntal organs' nerves. The insiile — Uie invisible
Ii tl3 . "?Z » WTdatloo. Thea ray real succf ?s began. Then I combined ia-
; psdteata that wocld «treacth«n, that would vitalise. thes« nerves.
. • T C H.* S I called a restoratlrew It Is known the world over now as
rr.- Shoop ¦ RsstoratlTje. After that I did not fail to cure one case in each hun-
irei. lr. the extreci«sly difflcnlt cases my failures for flre yee.rs were one in
" rtT tr ** te<1 - x * OJ " 1 <1 cancer Incurable. Camcer Is for surgery, not
• 'Thea hew tp ret thla prescription to sick oces everywhere wsa my thought
tt i ? 'P 1^'"* «,*? tne public press. But. thought I. trill they realize the
_r*£. dmth of ay discovery, the real power of Dr. Snoop's Restorative? Then
a w?y casae to ae— like an Jasplratioa. "I will offer It. to the sick on trial.
.. Teen — ey -win. know I am sincere — that xay prescription la unusual."
Jjrrote a reliable Crusslst ia each city and village In America. They
*rr-<»e<! to co-operate with me. Now by Any Kick one. Dr. Shoop's Restorative
<ZA^ takes, at raj- risk. For a full montn I will let you use it entirely at
•• my risk.
s ,Se=£ no rscr.ey. Just write ta« for the book you need. When I send It I will
tea vou of a druggist near by who will permit the month's trial. Use the Re-
¦tOrmtma nicrth. Then decide. If you say to the drurglst. "It <1M not help
m<?. rh*t trill relieve yon of any expense whatever. He will bill the cost to
ra«- i -'-» is ir.v way of clearlcjr your miad of all doubt aa to what Dr. Shoop's
No matter how prejufilced. rou cannot dispute this absolute security I offer.
You canr-.ot resist en offer like this If you are at all sick. If you have a weak-
t 16 "^?^ 16 ™- If rou 03Ln ' t fl0 t^ss like you used to do them, tell me abrrut
it. \^. r:te in confidence. As a physician I will tell you a way to help.
. .Pet ay book now — to-day. Address Dr. Shoop, Box 1630, Racine, Wis.
M!!fl cases, cot cnrorJc, are often' cured by one or two bottles. At drngglsts'.
f\\\t UNION - SOUTHERN
f 1& PACIFIC
>SS*^* Yon reach
WSm Chicago or
Swiftly, smoothly, serenely *^fe
VjE^ \v vvithout fret or jar in '^ days
¦|-|| \\ SPEQAL PARTIES
|i^f^ TO THE EXPOSITION
¦ I UvV^^w £<*// or send postal to
ll^W« S. F. BOOTH, General Agent, U. P. R. R.
''+§k%^%$W' 1 Montgomery St., San Francisco
V^V^^ or ap y Southern Pacific Agent
(0;~. ADVEBTISE2KE2NT&
WOMEN ARE L,fs p Ll c !r A o LLY COLDS
Colds Invariably Result in Catarrh, Which
Sets Up a Host of Distressing Diseases
chronic catarrh, bronchitis and consumt£ . r t . ' • --
tlon.
Miss Cora H. Redmond. 906 W. llonroe Miss Mildred Keller. 718 13th St. N. W.. Washington. D. C writes:
St.. Chicago. 111.. Financial Secretary
W^L E S d ln HISt r onlc . S K OC J e l y> writes: "/ can safely recommend Peruna for catarrh of the throat I
for a long time I had been troubled i , , r _»•. u jj i. j t * a *
with catarrh of the ear. i had a con- had it for years and it would respond to no kind of treatment, cr
lTr nt n^\^iyU u lL te^ S a! s n o & * '5? '"' •« only temporary and onjhe slightest provocation
fecting my hearing, i had tried a num- the trouble would come back. I was in such a state that my friends
deal of n^edicTne? "b^noth^g^eemfo^to were alarmed about me, and I was advised to leave this climate.
«^I? *7f u P til J t h Z san \° take Peruna - Then I tried Peruna, and to my great joy found it helped me from
and then I noticed an improvement at ., ,- . , . . » » » # mm* .# i± l i*
once, and this went on until complete re- the first dose I took, and o few cott/es cured me. It built up my
r n a e^nnot a s m y v t e oo y SSr 'il'^Sa constitution, I regained my appetite, and I feel that I am perfectly
h. Redmond. we/I and strong." — Mildred Keller.
If you do not derive prompt and satis-
factory results frofti the use of Peruna. > ' -¦" ¦ ¦¦ ¦ ¦ '
write at once to Dr. Hartman, giving a be pleased to give you his valuable ad- j Addres3 Dr. Hartman. President cf The
full statement of your case and he will ' vice gratis. " I Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus, O.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SI ft *
for Double Siz.e
MATTRESS
Guaranteed to be made of pare
Java Silk Floss. Tho acme of
comfort— smooth and clastic
Superior In every way to Curled
Hair Mattresses. This la lden- .
tically the kind of mattress usu-
ally sold for $10.00 to $12.00.
We sell on liberal cash or
credit systems.
SCall early and gat one of tho
above Mattresses. We've other 1;
good things to offer also. ;
1 A, B. SMITH CO.
| 128-133 ZTiT.Tfl 3TKEET.
f Above Powell.
S . # EAN FRANCISCO.
| _^_— —^— — — — — — — — — _ — — — — —
Schilling's Best are not ex-
travagant ; quite the contrary.
Teas and coffees good-enough;
baking-powder flavoring ex-
tracts and spices pure and best
j and yet economical; soda com*
moa.One experience with the grip gen
erally ucres a man of a 'disposition to
joke about it.
A few definitions of Chinese geo
graphical prefixes and sumxes may be
of service in elucidating the nomen
clature of current . war news. First,
prefixes: Ta- as ,ln.Taku,;meap3 great,
and siao.as in Siao-Plng-Thou*. means
small. Pel or pe, nan, tung, and si are,
respectively,- north, south, east and
west. Thus the Pei-Ho is the North
River, etc. ' Shang and hal are upper
and lower". Pai, hei and whang are
white, black and yellow. Suffixes are
more numerous and familiar. Kiang,
ho, tchuan, ula, muren and tchu each
and all mean simply river. Thus
Yalo Kiang and, Liao Ho are
simply' Talu River and Llao River.
Shul, kou, thsuan, khi, gol and
ussu are unfamiliar terms, mean
ing a brook or small river. Hu, nor
and omo mean lake, as In the well
known Lob Nor and Kossa Gol. Po, tse
and tlen mean a small lake or swamp,
or a town situated near such a place.
Hai means sea;. thus Whang- Hal is the
yellow sea, Tung- Hal, is the Eastern
sea, and Nan-Hal Is the Southern sea.
Tao, and sometimes shan, means Is
land, but shan more often means a
mountain range. Ling is a pass over a
mountain range.— Boston Transcript.
Chinese Geographical Names.
A politician ' is the fellow who tries
to make the whole country believe that
he ; is the only thing that can save It
from coins' to the demnltion bowwows.
The official returns of the election ln
the" commonwealth* of Australia ' show
that the newly enfranchised women
availed themselves in g-reat numbers of
their electoral privilege. Whether they
were mainly actuated by female .. cu
riosity is not clear, but it appears that*
their chief Influence - upon the election
was In swelling the votes of all parties
without affecting the result. They
merely. ¦> followed their,, husbands,
fathers, uncles and male cousins. But
they cast; at any rate ; an , honest vote,
for the Australian ballot sys
tem is not corrupted, as: is Its Pennsyl
vania imitation.-^-Philadelphla Record.
Australia's Woman Voters.
Taking it all around, the House of
Commons Is the/best, dressed. assembly
in the world. It has an air of good
breeding, of men accustomed to draw
ing-rooms and good society. The gen
eral deportment comes up to a fairly
high average. You see honorable mem
bers wearing their hats in : the house
and the sight offends; but that is not
a point of manners, but a custom with
a picturesque history at the back of
it. You sometimes, too, see honorable
members asleep, and you often hear
unmanly Interruptions from the Irish
and Tory branches. On the other hand,
you never see an English M. P., as .1
have often seen ,an American Con
gressman, enjoying the' luxury of a
"dry smoke" and relieving himself by
profuse spitting. The House, too,; is
much more punctilious Congress
on the small points of "order, j When
ever a member violates them. he is in
stantly hauled' up, not merely by the
Speaker, but by his .fellow members,
to many of whom it is part of the spice
of life to pounce upon offenders. As
for the oratorical : standard of the
House it is difficult to speak with pre
cision. The late Empress of Austria
used to say that she saw more good
and more bad riding ln the English
shires than anywhere else in the world.
Much the same sort of criticism might
be passed on parliamentary eloquence.
Some of It is exceedingly good, better,
I think, than anything one is likely
to hear in Congress; but much of it is
atrocious. On the whole, in this, as
in so many, other spheres of Anglo-
American comparatives, I should be in
clined* to say that while the House of
Commons' best is better than the Con
gressional best, the House of Commons'
average is below the Congressional av
erage.—Harper's Weekly. ;
Comparison Shows That the Commons'
Average' in Manner and Dress
Is Below That of House.
ENGLAND'S PARLIAMENT
AND AMERICA'S CONGRESS
Same Kind of Opposition.
In a paper read recently in London
before the Church Society for the Pro
motion of Kindness to' Animals, the
Honorable Charles S. Rolls remarked
that at the present time those who
were seeking to develop motors and
motoring were experiencing exactly the
same opposition from many rural com
munities as the promoters of railways
met with earlier.— New York Commer
cial.
Two test actions brought by share
holders in the Standard Exploration
Company against Lord Edward Pelham
Clinton and General Gough-Calthorpe,
who were directors, have been for sev
eral days before Justice Joyce. False
statements .are alleged to have been
made in the prospectus, and the two
defendants are sought to be made lia
ble. The principal allegation is that
large holdings were said to have been
acquired in the London and Globe and
its ancillary companies, the profits
whereon were more than sufficient to
pay a dividend of 10 per cent on the
current year. The company failed a
year after the prospectus was iBsued
and a dividend of 7 shillings was paid
to the creditors, none of the sharehold
ers being paid anything. It is said the
directors either knew or ought to have
known the statements to be untrue.
Saturday Review.
Directors' Liability in England.
.The Association for the Improve
ment'and Adornment of San Francisco
yesterday addressed a communication
to the Board of Supervisors calling the
attention of that body to the. fact that
the suit involving the validity of the
trust of the late Adolph Sutro will come
up in Judg-e CofTey'e department of the
Superior Court within the next few
weeks. The association is desirous of
proving the validity, of the trust, for
the city will therefore be in a position
to acquire the valuable Sutro property.
T'jp following communication has been
addressed to the Supervisors:
To the Honorable the Board of Pupervtsors
of-, the. City and. County of Pan Francisco —
OeAliemai: We desire to call your attention
t« l\tr- fact that in a few weeks a case involv
ing 'the validity of the truFt made by the will
of the late Adolph Sutro. former Mayor of San
J-Varicisio. .will be tried in Judge Coffey's
• our*. That trust provides that the proceeds
of- the sale o- ihe Sutro Heights and the San
ilipue! Rancho property, owned by the testa
tor. .Should be u.-t <i for certain public and
charitable, purposes after the demise of his
then living youngest child. ' The will was dated
ln ISS2. and the rrus=u.-es under it were the
Ooverncr, the Mayor, the United Ftates Cir
cuii imljre. .the Presiding Judpe of the Supe
rior Court and the president of the Chamber
cf Commerce, and the Incumbents of these of
fices, frum time to time, were to continue as
Bjrh trustees.
Some ypars apo. at the instance of some of
the heirs, the Superior Court declared the trust
to be invalid, but It is now contended by one
«,f the hrirs and the executrix of the estate.
Dr. Emma Sutro Merritt. that the proceeding*
•w-ere irregular and that she <J<-*ires the trunt to
li' rrcaintatneil in order to carry out the wishes
of fcer father. The j>roce<H2in«s. it is claimed,
¦wer* irregular becauf-, amon* othrr things,
the trukti-es were not made a party to the
ertlon. nor *iid they put in an ap;warance, nor
•were -thf-y apprised cf the litigation, nor' was
the city and county of Pan Francisco /which,
es It 'will appear. le a beneficiary) notified or
jna'ie- a part;.' to the proceedings.
The ir.ttrort of the city involve the pociilble
ownership of the Putro Heights, and. there
fan* the city is an interested p»Tiy, 'anil we
bow petition your honorable board to intervene
«T.d <1irert the City Attorney to take «uch
r\<:as=urr« as are necessary to defend' the trust.
NEW YORK, March 26.— The fol
lowing Callfornians have arrived :
¦ San Francisco — J. H. Ankfel, at the
Gregory; J. E. Thayer, at the Grand
Union; C. Zenner, at the Herald
Square; E. Zimmerman and wife, at
the Vendome; G. Connaught, J. H.
Flint, at the Imperial.
Callfornians In New York.
Three Millions for Improvements.
WASHINGTON, March 26. — The
House # Committee on Rivers and
Harbors to-day decided to report a
bill next week carrying an appropria
tion aggregating $3,000,000 to carry
on existing river and harbor Improve
ment contracts. No new surveys will
be authorized. .
Smells of Cities.
Some sensitive essayist should take
the smell of place as subject. Paris."
for example, is lightly pervaded with;
the odor of burning charcoal and com
ing fron*5ParIs to London one is as-,
sailed By ''the" appeal of soot. Cologne
has a reputation; .long undeserved, for
smells ' other than that of its famous
"water,"-'; and it has-been said that, in
years of old a blind man could find Ma
way. about 1 Cologne . by following his
nose. Moscow has an odd perfume of
its own.. It suggests cranberries of pe
culiar pungency. And it* never leaves
the nose.
Garlic, of course, is the basic smell
that greets the stranger \vho lands at
Calais. But the most curious of the
smells of place is that of St. Peters
burg. The present writer had often
wondered what It was, having detected
it even between the sheets of his bed
at the most exorbitant hotel. On his
third visit he was driving In a droshky
from' the station with a fresh young
English' girl, who had never been away
from Kent before. "Now, do you smell
anything?'' he asked.. "Yes." said the
girl. "Old boots." That is. the smell
of St. Petersburg. Centenarian shoe,
leather! — London Daily Chronicle.
They who will not walk to do good
have small prospects of doing it on
wings.
Pettingill & Co. have been doing busi
ness in Boston since 1848, and had a
wide connection .among the newspa
pers of the country.
Counsel of the company, in a state
ment, j said the corporation had be
come badly embarrassed through many
errors of judgment in the extension of
credits and in the general conduct of
its business. No papers of formal as
signment have been flled, and It is
yet to be determined whether the cor
poration will proceed to the bank
ruptcy courts or undertake an adjust
ment through a friendly receiver.
BOSTON, March 26.— The newspaper
advertising agency of Pettingill & Co.
to-day announced that it.ha.d. placed
Its affairs in the hands of its cred
itors, i Counsel representing Pettingill
& Co. stated that the liabilities may
reach $1,000,000, with assets of possibly
one-quarter of that amount.
The following table, compiled from
the reports of the Commissioner of Im
migration, shows the average amount
dt money brought to America by mi
. money shown
Races— - per capita.
Scotch. $41 51
Japanese 49 59
English 38 90
French 37 SO
Greek 28 78
German 28 53
Bohemian and Moravian 23 12
Italian (northern) 22 49
Dutch and Flemish 21 00
Cuban 19 34
Scandinavian 16 65
Russian , 14 94
Irish' : - 14 5°
Syrian 14 31
Chinese 13 98
Finnish • ¦•• 13 06
Croatian and Slavonian 12 51
Slovak .-...-..- 11 69
Ruthenian (Russniak) 10 51
Portuguese •• 10 47
Magyar 10 39
Polish 9 94
Italian (southern) 8 84
Hebrew 8 67
Lithuanian " 96
—New York Commercial.
The Thrift jr Scot.
Pettingill & Co. of Boston
Place Their Affairs in
Hands of Their Creditors
WASHINGTON, March 26. — Sena
tor Bard will offer an amendment to
the bill naming camp grounds In
various parts of the country and which
fixes the one ln Calif ortiia- at the J. H.
Henry ranch. The amendment- will
not name the location further than to
restrict it within the limits of San
Luis Oblspo, "Monterey, Santa Cruz
and Santa Barbara counties, and will
leave the selection to the War De
partment. This was the proposal of
the California Representatives when
the matter was before the House com
mittee, - V
With the Selection Made.
California Delegation Is Not Pleased
CAMP GROUNDS FIGHT.
WOULD ACQUIRE
SUTRO HEIGHTS
Improvement Society Will
Try to Prove Validity of
Trust in Superior Court
ADVERTISING
AGENCY FAILS
By the provisions of the trust the city Is
made a preferred purchaser of the Sutro
Heights; that is to say, when the property is
offered for rale the city can purchase for 20
per cent lees than the amount of any other
bid. The testator evidently intended that the
city should thus be given an opportunity to
own and preserve as public grounds the splen
did property which he had laid out, known as
Sutro Heights, and his plan, serving a double
purpose provided that the proceeds of the sale
be applied to carrying out his charitable be
quests, concerning which his trustees were
given a wide discretion.
Aoklng your favorable consideration of our
petition we are respectfully yours
ASSOCIATION* FOR THE IMPROVEMENT
AND ADORNMENT OF SAN FRANCISCO.
JAMES D. PHEL.AN, President.
THOMAS McCAUEB. Secretary.
A number of minor bills were passed
by unanimous consent, and special or
ders were made for the consideration
of pension bills, which had the right of
way to-day. After the sundry civil bill
has been disposed of the omnibus bill
will follow pensions as a special order.
The Senate was in session only about
three hours to-day. During that time a
number of private pension bills were
passed and another portion of the Dis
trict of Columbia appropriation bill was
read and debated.
Benton complimented the Republicans
on the bill, saying that it was altogeth
er the best Republican bill he had seen
come from the committee in years. It,
however, did not meet with his ap
proval from a Democratic standpoint.
This estimate, Hemenway said, con
templated all reasonable additions that
might be made by the Senate to the
several appropriation bills, . and was
alBo sufficient to cover all legitimate
deficiencies that might be provided for
the next session.
WASHINGTON,.; March 26.— The
House to-day; 'began consideration . of
the sundry civil apropriatlon! bill. .Ten
hours were fixed <¦ for general debate on
the measure, but at the end of an .hour
and a half there were no ¦ speakers
ready to continue, and the House ad
journed for lack of talkers. -• . • ' : ] : ¦ -
In his statement on the t.blll. Chair
man Hemenway of the Appropriations
Committee and Benton (D.) flled state
ments on the bill.' Hemenway summed
up the fiscal conditions 'for .the next
fiscal year, showing that after all legiti
mate expenses -had been paid- there
would be $22,000,000 surplus for the year.
Hemenway estimated the annual ex
penditure for 1905 to be $597,802,324; to
this sum must be added the interest on
the public debt, estimated at $84,971,820.
The revenues for the year, he said, were
estimated at $704,472,060; The total esti
mates of the departments, for the ex
penses of the Government, for 1905 ag
gregated $747,317,922, or an excess of
$42,825,862 over the revenues. By scaling
down the estimates and omitting to
pass river and harbor and public build
ing appropriation bills the expenditures
had .been reduced $22,000,000 less than
the estimated revenues. . . . . .,-
Senators Devote Three Hoiirs
to the Consideration of
Some Minor Measures
HEHENWAY'S FIGUEES
Discussion of ike Sundry
Civil Appropriation Bill Is
Delayed in the Hous6
SPEAKERS SHY
AT THE DEBATE
FHE ;SAN- FRANCISCO CALL, , SUNDAY, '-. MARCH ,27, 1904.
24
P\\ Perfect Fitting fjf *
V Eyeglasses W
J At Moderate Cost |>
DD TTO UI7C FOR barkers, ba-
brewers, bookbinders candy makers, caanem.
dyers, flour mlila. foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, «ho» factories*
•tablemen, tar- roofers, tanners, tailors, ato.
BXrCBCABTASr 3EO3,
Bruaa Maaulactuxers. 609 S«zaanto MX.
|ASTHMANOLA|
Is tlie only enre for Nervous aaA
Bronchial ASTHMA.
Tour DruKelst or at tan UJUiia.1 ST^
- San Franclaco. Cal. ¦ •
OCEAN TBAVEL.
eSteainar» leaT* Broadway
wharves. Piers » aa4 1].
Ban Francisco.
For KetchiJcam. - TTrkac*!.
Juneau. Halnes, Ekmciray.
etc. Alaska— 11 a. m.. Mar.
28. 31. Apr. 5. Chan*» to
ComcanT's steamers at Seat-
tle.
For TletarU. VancooTK,
Port Townsend, Seattle. Taeoma. Bveratt, Bel-
Ungharn— 11 a. m.. Mar. 26. 81. Apr. ft. Ca«n«»
at SeatU* to thjs company* ¦ •tesjowrs for Alas-
ka and O. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Taeoma t»
N. P. Ry,: at Vancouver to C.P. Rr.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— PomoBf. IM
p. m.. Mar. 23. 29. Apr. 4. Spokan«% 1:30 9.
m.. Mar. 28. Apr. X. • - '' ~--
For Lcs Angeles (via Port Z«s Ang«l«s and
Redondo), Ban DIkjo and Sants, Barbara— Sa»-
ta Rosa, Sundays. 9 a. m.
Etata of California, Thursdays, t a. el
For Los Angetes (via San Pedro and Xast
San Pedro). • Santa Barbara. Santa Crua. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos. PorfHarlord (3aa
Luis Obispo). Ventura and- Huraenu,
Coos Bay, 9 a. m.. Mar: 24, .Apr. '1.
Eonlta. 0 a. m.. Mar. 2S. Apr. 9.
For Ensenada, Magdaleaa Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, ta Pa*. 'Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymas (Mex.). .10 a. m.. 7th each
month. For further Information obtain folder.
Right ls reserved to changa steamers or sailing
a TlCXET OPPICES— 4 -New Montgom-
ery st. (Palace Hotel); 10 Market st. and Broad-
way wharves. Freight office. 10 Markat it.
C. D. DUNAJJN. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
Tb« Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sutter st. wtn
call for and check baggage from hotels and
residences. Telephone Exchange 312.
O. R. & N. CO.
a^^O 23 W AP Si^ T 'sa1?.
Unb a April 2. 12. 22. May 2 12 and 22
Only steamship line to PORTLAND. OR., and
rfhort rail Una from Portland to all points
East. Through tickets to all P" 1 " 1 * •*?»*•'
tickets includa berth and meals. Btwntri «Ji»
foot of Spear St.. at 11 a. m. S..F. BOOTH.
O«n A«t Pass Dept.. t Montgeinery st.;,C-
SSffORD: Gen. Agent Freight DepC 3
Montgomery st^ . - ¦ >¦¦ -
UvViilllv^»<y«vv» oiMci u»c i» umijw
a s ALAMEDA. for Honolulu, Apr.. 2. 11 a.nu
I' S VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
uh/miJ Sydney. Thur.. Apr. 1*. 2 p. m.
S S P MARIPOSa; y for TahlU. Apr. 23. 11 a.m.
I irsPHECHLS i BEOS. C0.,A2tS.,TicS8t C3C8 643 MaT-
tBi'si., munt 0UC8 329 mm si, Pisr 7, Paciic st
C0MPA8SW aSKIBALE THAHSATLAaTiqWB.
x,TT»irrT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS; ,j«»'*»'
S S rsws i
-% ,.;« 10 Havre. f45 and upward.. GEM-
FRALUiESc" TOR UNITED STATES ANC
?I^ADAt 32 Eroadway (Hudson, buiidlngl.
Stw Tork. J- F. rUOAZl * CO.. Pacine Coaat
A rents 5 Montgomery avenue. 3an Francisox
Tickets' sold by all Railroad Tlckat Agents.
igarfl^l3l»jdjtnd V»U»Jo Steamers. •
Steamer GEN FRISEIE or MONTICKLLO^-
»-4» a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sunday
Sunday 0*5 «i- m.. S:3O p. m. Leave ValleX
1 a. m ' 12:30 and « p. m.. except Sunday. Sun-
day. 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare. 30 cents. Tel
Main 1303. Pier"-*. Mlssloa-st. dodt ttATCJi
: . . _ , ADVERTISEMENTS.
Bottles of Liqvozone and Give Them to the Sick
,' We have purchased for $100,000 the in perfecting. ItS" virtues are derived r>ysentery— Diarrhea Scrofula— Syphilis
American rights to, Liquozone. .We solely from gas, mdde in large part Sy"pepBifr" Dropsir -stomach Trouble*
thus control the only' way to' kill from the best oxygen [producers. By Eczema— Erysipelas Tube^cuk£i3 ble *
Rerms in the bodv and end a , germ - 1 P ro «ss requiring immense appara- giS2!lSJ| • Btones ? 0r8 7 ulce ™
disease. We want the 5ick to know ! f days' time these gases are SIShXW V/SWa.e,
this product, and at once.- , So i we : '"fc^uk s V'^oduT thai" does *™&^i°Sti^Tl£^ &
make this remarkable offer. We will what oxygen does Oxjgen gas as SK3T* 1I '-^ re " UIUor lmpure or po!sonous
"buy a million 50c bottles and 'give you know, is the very source of'vi- In nervoHS debility Liquozone acts as a
tliem to a million sick one?. Will you tality. Liquozone is a vitalizing tonic vttall " r ' ««»»P"«Wn« wtatao drugs can do.
—if you need it— let us buy one' lor with which no other known product 50c Bottle Free
vou ?" can compare. But germs are vege- T . ' T .
• ' ' ' - tables; and Liquozone— like an excess "you need Liquozone, and have
COStS $500,000. * of oxygen— is deadly to vegetal never t"ed't, please send us this
V1-U.I- •» • x '-'i matter. Yet this wonderful product. cou P° n - We WI " then mail , you an
We publish this offer in every grea w]lich no can ; is f to "he ? r ,1 er . °\ y T local druggist for a
newspaper in America. The cost- of human bodVj the most essential ele- 5»»-«?e bottle and we will'pay your
the offer, we expect, xyi 11 reach $500,- m ent of life. druggist ourselves for it. This is our
000. We pay that price because it free gift, made to convince you- to
seems the only way to quickly let the Germ DlSCaSeS. show y° u what Liquozone is and
sick know what Liquozone doe?. . ¦ what it can do. In justice to yourself
The greatest value of Liquozone These are the known germ diseases, please accept it to-day for it nlatS,
lies in the fact that*it kills germs in A11 [hat medicine can do for these you' under no obligatioA whatever
the body without killing the rissnes. troubles is to help hiature overcome Liquozone costs 50c and Si '
too. And no man knows another way tnc serms, and' such results areindi- -I_l __^
to do it. Any drug that kills germs is rcct and. uncertain. Liquozone kills CUT OUT THIS COUPON
a noison, and it cannot be taken»in- t | ie g erm f» wherever they are, and for this offer may not appear again, fhi
terW Every physician knows that I** «^J" inevitable. By de- , &^c!£2?
medicine' is almost helpless in any Stroying the cause, of. the trouble it „ A ' *™ -.Chicago,
nerm disease invariably ends the disease, and for- My disease i«. .......^
Liouozone'doesin germ " troubles ev «- " . ' ,: " ! wK^?K««^
Mhat'all the drugs,-all the skill in the A n «m» vfl Fe^r Influe " a - take "• • - ¦ l w " 1 :.
xvorld, cannot do without it. It cures bXKw?" 1111 * La^GrlpSJ 8^ 8 " I'^i^l
diseases which medicine never cures, h^r° r Tr^bie S ...... .........'.... "
• ;• Acts Like Oxygen. g^p-' u^lS, e . ffiS^E^
Lk.uo.one is the result oi a process W£IB 514. om^u^^^..^. _
whirl- men have <:oent over 20 vcars rlSl«, ll fc i eu^ tlsm Any P h y* l clan or hospital not yet uslnK LI-
»h!CL men ha\c spent oycr 20 > cars c«arrb-<:a n cer Skin Dteea*^,; ft uozon V will be tiadly supplied for a test.
4 *THE CREDIT HOUSE" 233-235-237 Post Street. i 1
An Iron Bed for a dollar.. A Solid Brass Bed for $14. ,^ nr , to -nn Sfe>!
-$%m WAVE VOU EVeK SCE.n SUCH PKIotS QUOIED BEFORE? HERE IS THE
REASON: A well-known manufacturer of Iron and Brass Beds intends entering the jaltjv
<^2P field and fighting for local business. He has made us his agents and for one week we will ¦ 3gj3 ?
SftMwf sell his goods from our floors at his prices to us. We guarantee the quality. If vou have <
>^$§£ ever l° n £ e d for a brass bed, now is your chance. '§58 J
' MK IRON OED, There zts hundreds cl Iron and Brass Beds BRASS BED, 5
?&&& Cinn to be sold from our floors this week at factory . Q\A Oft
$?M~ T\ T — xrj ,Jj)I.UU prices, and among them are : Hr- X^ Jl V"^'^^ 1^5?
3@jS I \ / J • n - A full 4-4 Iron Bid for $1.00; with heavy /ft> I «^ g|^ >
J^K 1 flS Ajfc.KJ>\ f\ I /f Wire Mattrws, Si.95, and Top Sanitary Mat- !/ iL^W^^ Wm<<
' Sfe fn*"— %-- -X--JL. t"ss,S2.l5; the outfit entire .... S5J0 rgp^XSfe*) / V I !^S {
I fe !rii:r;rr ' : iifPr?^ I^Sj^i NOTE -This one bfd sold only in outfits j^fe^^^J^^ S^?k O© 5
; !||j Heavy Enameled Eed, brass trimmed, all S^^^ (^^^ .'l^
j^fet brass bed. Enamel Beds at $2.25, $3.00, $3.65, — — 1|§>
' pii tnrrr-* s 24 - 50 ¦ etc -» on u p to $ 50 - 00 - IRON BE <^j a * MM
' $pZ I Brars Beds at prices from $15 to $30 lower L. c :^ g)
] Sfc I ? g than have ever brcn offered before. I I I I I I I la S
' 3]K ! V> ¦' - A ) I i I i | I S i $28.50 Solid Brass Bed; heavily lacquered, lHJIJJJ . g^(
\ 2~*V~'' i W? _i—^—^-— JL with guaranteed finish. Head board 60 inches fsf^ 'i^F % ¦ " 1 1 i M I i J5m ©S
( t$p- I -"^^fSH^^^I? ? 5 1 1 : v " tight f° ot f2 inches. A simple, elegant de- }^yi^ " 5S S' S
IS£S $31.50 Brass Bed, 1 ,'i-inch posts; hea'd 63 | \\ l\
'^|^ *^<^^}^0^^S^ inches bigh; solid brass, heavily lacquered; j^^^^ii^Mji^^H ||i;
b^»^* . '..j.\ ¦ Above bed with bow foot, regular price 2— 5g\ § >
W^.^* 3 $35.03; this week S20.O0
>^SJ BRASS BED. $40.00Solid Brass Bzd with very heavy BRASS BED, ii
K 'O^S* f * mm mm mm rods and spindles, and large crnamental husks ; /pMiiW'vf^ (>qq ff A "Wi \\
rimiiiili V>>''75 thisweek S24.50 \ j | x|)OO. DU
\ t '|T V, if $45.00 Solid Brass Bed, with massive brass |Jy±]j^±L« 4MmWH g2 i
a>$l|fes //<¦',' '¦ji'l-v 'I | ¦ ~~t posts, mounted with fancy trimmings and gfe N*£,.,, ,^ . | fgi Sj
Mj^^ 'I |0__M TITT' scrollwork; this week §29.75 P^p=^^=^ " } .1 f
3iS^ pS^i^^^fe^rii tt $65.00 Solid Brass Bed in latest effect of r \ \ , : \ \ \ | « S S !
\Mfc\ Ei-^^Sf 5 M.< round frame, without corners; heavy 2-lnch fiffiSWi % I ! IH £8 S
$£[%$ P° sts ? hcI 2 ht 67 » n ches; this week, $38.50 {^k^^> SP^^S^I >, )
- CZ::::::^^i^ =:::^ i And scores of other priced beds in berwe-n. ' '¦^^^^X0^ >f^ O^ S
! WO MAIIi OBDEH3. * , ||j 31 >
? .fifF^" ,< -i- - .. - . . ¦¦•¦ . - *...,...- • / -. ..¦ -i ... .tM. '¦. .i ,v .ii :¦' ..1 1 'ii m^rM^F^Vl^nTjMT^ s
HEW APVEBTISgMKKTa. '
A ®y Human Dandruff Germs Denude a Rabbit!
wlA "" m\ CONVINCING EXPERIMENT by DR. SABOUIUVUD of the PASTEUR INSTITUTE
•¦.' )^A 1|\ '¦• • This experiment proves that dandruff is a contagious
VfflfflA W\ disease due to the presence of a microbic growth in the
\«\W l\ sebaceous elands of the scalp. It also proves that unless-
VVJ^vfiy]\ ' the formation of dandruff is stopped— bv destroynu: the
tHii'i VMavSMW Rerms — it will lead to falling hair and incurable baldness.
¦\"l\wSl\ Prof - Unna. Europe's noted dermatologist (ask your- doctor
Vlai^i 1 about him), was the first to discover the microbic nature or
\ll\jSStl //> dandruff and baldness. His discovery wa^Jater-verifiecrbv
Na^M // 4tiS Dr - Sabouraud. at the Pasteur Institute .Pans. France. Ih?
__JK^^^\^r^--*' .£{$& doctor inoculated a rabbit with human dandruff cerms and
-' —^^f^^C^rt^^' f&&&^ in due time the rabbit began to lose its fur. "In between
Z ==: 7* % iS&\wl$r /^~ /$&& five and six weeks." siiys the official report of the Pasteur
i \Al \ T j/^^m&S&^S? Institute, "the rabbit was completely denuded.- in fact it
— "~f-~^.^ had become entirely bald."
Dandmtf is annoying. Falling hair Is an Injury. Baldness is a calamity.
:••*•. jrJrs^F^i$&&l ** y° u are indifferent about your hair and let it "take
'f.;. :•"•;•. / care oi i tself »" y° u should not Rrumble when" it is- eone.
Vj>, # •;•?.* f , fflPyfylMffititii Careful people now try to save their hair and. Xewbro's
V:VV '•'£&m iKSS/®/. Herpicide enables them to do this in a very pleasing man-
•:«\\ ; *:.-v:; : 4Wx r^^^s2^> n e r - !t > 3 the first scientific HAIR-SAVER and it 13 erow-
"vfJ?h '' :: ''$&2l A ing wonderfully in popularity. Every one should endeavor
¦ %% '^''-:'^W^^kSu •'&'' to protect the scalp against dandruff infection and the sar-
**'''~MlWe!r$5\** .••%v. i ' ! 5 est way is to carefully avoid "exposure" to dandruff etrmi
••/^V:|M^>/^W^^^V' «<V*: :: -V'' i and to rely upon Newbro's Herpicide as a scalp prophv-
(^''-''i^^^M^Wx i«tV.V«vV lactic. - One of the chief forms of "exposing" the scalp is to
'•^'^i^ry^^^Y .«». v «s- s use an unsterilized public hair brush. The hair brush
<'j£':-2Sy VV^^^^r v I .*: : ;*»V.V* w • should be as exclusive as the tooth brush. It is important
.v£ : *i*:;*'|3r MxTpSfcr •;*»\V*.V** to remember that: s >.
tlv>s\&5/ <U|i \ ».;*"?•* 1. Dandruff la a coatMrtotxi dlseaa* causad by s microbe.
'"'&}Y t *\$B ' X»« 4tJ*I»»; 2. Dandmir Is a tonrconer of itching icalp. lallln* Hair aad
j{»V;j^F . wll/AiIrT**^ ' 3- Chronic baldne«i Is lncmralile.
''•'•'•Vb^/ V mllMlKy/ V"*** ¦ .4.. The CAXTSB.of dandruff can not b« waih»d out of thm
'Ysttftw, V MMvMf/ I scalp with aoau and watar.
*«*.*.*Iv';w £a£sS&£z4L I I //Or kill the arerm that cau»e» It.
...•.•'.'•' •'.'« j^^^^^k- 1 / /// 6. The only safe remedy. «o far discovered, that will ahtolute-
.<•;;.'••' * : ] -j(&i&&SF&^Jdr ly kill the dandruff »«m la Hewbro'* Herbicide.
"M~.' /w* 1 ****"!***" *£• iMfc /Jr - " ¦ . Kill the scalp germs and the hair ls bound to erow natnralrvw
\'~^: ': »*••;' *V«"**«': Jr- Almost marvelous results follow the use of Newbro's Herpx-
• • \ 7V_V \?«*.' V.V.1 \jW , dde It contains no oil. grease, s«dlment or dye. It delights th«
\!!-< - •.•";;«.7 flir !»•• ladies by keeping th« hair light and fluffy and by giving It a
*"^*^^v^\ * i:# * ;; ' ; i* ; lvV'/C < < silken gloss.
... r,u- ; - V— aft ' STOPS ITCHING OF THE SCALP INSTANTLY.
N i w b r o ' s Her p i c i d e
- Jin Exquisite Hair Dressing.
THE ORIGINAL REMEDY THAT "KILLS THE DANDRUFF GERMS."
B « PBE VENTED BA1DNESH. MAHT PRAISES POB ITEWBEO'S <S®li«5^
1 "I have used Newbro's Herpicide for HEBPIC1DE. K^twf-^
1 hk'A ?-*?¦ over a year and it has caused my hair to "I not only find Herpicide a rreat hair KS^i^/ /V^
SS&KH^ii come ln thicker. My hair was coming remedy and germ killer, but also a fln« JM^tzl/ HfX
>8§Hwm-}*W nut atirt in fact i small soot was bald halr dressing:, with a delightful odor, and /C8«-?AVy»y^
;?4*K«'efUS#' Z f? \ . « small spot was Daia. recommended It to a number of *&?*&%&/&£
;H«HS'S'^.'. bllt the hair ls cgmlng in apain and I at- frien(]3 who are as much pleased with it t fT&';3l.Vn }\
'Ytm,mii %&& tribute it to the use of Herpicido." as j am .» 'V^*flS\E&ji JL.
J%W«.J8'* <W& (Signed) W.M.CLARK. ( Signed) C. W. PARSON! jTl^ltKYU*
Bakersfleld. Cal. • Vallejo. Cal. IW^^^W^ /
AT LEADING DRUG STORES, OR SENT PREPAID FROM
|||||M DETROIT, MICH., UPON RECEIPT OF 51.00. <1P®If
Drug Sloras SI. 00. Send 10c in stamps to THE HERPICIDE CO., Detroit, Mich., for sarapla. 'X^^^T
k Healthy Hair "Destroy the Cause*»You Remove the Effect." An Unhealthj Hair
ADVEBTISEBCENTS.
Curtain special for
one week -$2-5(J
UIlv TV VVlV %Y Mai %%J XJ
Regular three and : a half corded imita-
tion Arabian' laces, in a igood variety of attrac-
. tive patterns. , Full width and length and well,,
made.
Also a few patterns 'in the now popular colo-
nial taped curtains, at the same figure. Made
on a good quality ofbobbinet in Arabian color,
These curtains also sell v regularly .."for $3.50.
These one day events were introduced in
San Francisco by us soon after we succeeded
the California Furniture Co. They have be-
come very popular and never fail to bring new
faces into our store.
(Formerly the: California Furniture Co.) . .
261 to 281 Geary Street, at Union Square "LONDON, March 26.— Recent events
at the House of Commons called mark
ed attention to the unpopularity among
members generally of the new. proce
dure rules introduced "a session or two
ago. ,; • , y ¦ '. ; /v- ;
For the moment, for the purposes of
snap, divisions. Radicals are managing
to exhibit some punctuality; but as a
general thing it Is quite as difficult for
the Liberal city man or lawyer to get
down to the , House ' 60 early In the
afternoon as . It • is for > his -friends on
the other side, while the desire to lin
ger over the coffee and cigar at lunch
time is not confined to any one section
of the House., '
London hostesses suffer : from the
evening arrangements, for whereas
members . could always get their
Wednesdays .for dinner parties",, they
fall now to reserve their. Friday'even
ings for 'town soc: • billty, the counter
attractions of an early state for the
country week-end being too strong.
A desire for return to the old rules is
making Itself heard. . '
PARUAMEyrSXFAV.RCLES
Sx PROVING UNPOPULAR
After the benedictic-n by the Bishop
resolutions of thanks for the use of
the Chamber of Commerce rooms and
the valuable assistance of those who
made addresses were unanimously
adopted.
In concluding he said: "By a curious
coincidence when we exercise tha great
est gift of citizenship, we have in the
modern ballot — the cross — a symbol of
the true Christian voter." He then
dwelt briefly upon the great work of
the Brotherhood of St. Andrew, and
declared that pursuant to their high
Ideals when we (*.« mark our ballot it
Is with a cross of St. Andrew.
Bishop Nichols then paid a tribute to
William and Mary College, and de
clared that It did more to breed the
plants of this republic than any other
Influence. He called attention to the
fact that three Presidents graduated
from the institution and a number of
statesmen had been sent forth from it.
"Typified in that old Jamestown
church." said the Bishop, "upon the
first ballot of the Burgesses are all the
etars and all the stripes that have since
been unfurled." ,
He next discussed the relation of the
church to the state in history, and
declared that we have the warnings of
centuries to tell of the disastrous re
eults when the church tries to run the
etate or the state endeavors to crush
out the church. Bishop Nichols sum
med up the addresses of the other
speakers during the week.' He said
that it was the province of the church
to train man's conscience so that when
he voted he did so with a feeling of the
responsibility.
With the address of Right Rev. Wil
liam Ford Nichols. Bishop of Califor
nia, the noon Lenten services which
have been given during the last week
In • the resins of the San Francisco
Chamber of Commerce ended yester
day. •
The subject of "Righteous Citizen
ehjp in the Church" was left for the
last day, and'Btehop Xichols consented
to deliver the address, j The services
yesterday were led by H. R. Braden
and the lesson was taken from St.
Matthew, chapter 22, verses 15 to 22.
After the usual devotional exercises
Bishop Xichols was introduced. He
opened by saying that American cit
izenship began within the four walls
of the church. He told of the meeting
of the House of Burgesses in James
town, Va., on July. 30, 161S, the first
legislative body in America, when the
first American ballot was cast. He
dwelt upon the fact that as these
eturdy pioneers gathered in the "meet
ing house" for their first session it can
be regarded that the first election booth
was the church at God.
Bishop Nichols Speaks at
the Chamber of Comr
merce.
BISHOP "WILLIAM FORD NICHOLS.
V.'HO EPOKE YESTERDAY AT
N'OOKDAY IXN'TtN SERVICES.
At the election in Company F, Fifth
Infantry, located in Oakland, Major G.
K." Wethern of the Second Brigade staff
was -elected captain, a position he has
held before, and C. C. Covalt was elect
ed second lieutenant. .Captain Wethern
entered the National Guard by enlist
ment as a private in Company F of the
Fifth, was promoted corporal, sergeant
and second lieutenant and was then
elected captain, and after being in that
position for several terms retired' and
was appointed on the Second Brigade
staff with the rank of major. The
members of his old company were so
anxious to have him as their comman
der once moTe that they prevailed upon
him to a^ain lead them.' Covalt has
been a lieutenant of the company
Bince 1899.
If the weather to-day permits bat
teries C and D of the First Artillery
battalion will proceed to the tree cov
ered ground in the vicinity of Ingle
tide for a practice march and for field
maneuvers. It is proposed to give the
men of this organization practical ex
perience instead of confining them to
"fours right and fours left" in the
armory. This and the practice with the
guns at the Presidio will give them a
better idea of what is expected of the
soldier than all the the'oretical instruc
tions that can be imparted to them
within the four walls of the drill hall.
Company B, First Infantry, will give
an entertainment and dance In the reg
imental armory on April 18.
Elections have been ordered as fol
lows: Company C. First Infantry, for
captain, March 28; Troop A, cavalry,
for captain, vice Jensen, term expired,
April 11: Company H, First Infantry,
for captain, April 13; f:,'
TO DRILL. IX FIELD.
Both Inspectors closely watched the
maneuvers, and the expression on the
face of Major Wilhelm. though he said
not a word, was clearly expressive of
what opinion he was forming when
the company executed movements.
Each inspector will present his indi
vidual report to the department he
represents, and there is considerable
guessing as to whether the two will
agree. One of these reports will go to
the War Department at Washington,
D. C, and the other to me commander
in chief of the State of California's
guard.
One thing that militated against the
appearance of the men at Inspection
was the lack of £elts and the absence
of bayonets In the drill. The men have
not yet been furnished with the regu
lation belts, consequently did not make
the ¦ good showing from the ' point of
military appearance they would have
mado, and by reason of the absence
of such could not have bayonets. That
being the cape, they were obliged to
go through the very Important ma
neuver known as "the bayonet drill"
without what in the guard is generally
denominated "toad-stickers," making
that part of the drill quite tame, as
"thrust" without bayonets on the
pieces In "the hapds of. the. men is about
as satisfactory as washing the hands
with invisible soap in imaginary water.-
J. "W. F.rwin will deliver an illustrat
ed lecture on the evening of April
6 in the EUis-street artnory before the
First Battalion of Artillery. The sub
ject will be "Honolulu." Invitations
may be had from members of the bat
talion. * - . . "-
ARE WITHOUT BELTS.
The announcement In this column last
week that the board specially detailed
for the purrose of preparing- a new
military bill for the National Guard of
the State, to conform as near as possi
ble, to the 'provisions -of &e Dick bill
that was passed by Congress, had sent
out n request for suggestions from the
officers of the guard, has struck many
of these as a most singular procedure.
They are of the opinion that it would
have been wiser for the board to have
prepared a bill according to its- own
ideas and then sent a copy of the same
to each officer and invite criticism and
I Suggestions. They claim that if such a
method is adopted a much better bill
can be framed, for then the officers will
have an opportunity to suggest that
which ought to be omitted and declare
that which ought to be added.
The inspections in the First Infantry
commenced in the regimental armory,
at Page and Gough streets, last Mon
day and were continued during the
week. They will conclude this week.
The company that made the best show
ing was B. 'Captain Kelly. Every man
of the company responded "present" at
muster and the inspection was a most
satisfactory one, the inspecting officers.
Major Wllhelm, U. S. A., and Colonel
Koster, State inspector, finding but lit
tle to enter on the page of adverse crit
icism in the note books. Some of the
companies that were inspected last
week did not come up to the standard
of Company B, being shy as to num
bers and somewhat behind in move
ments and in the execution of orders.
At the inspection of Company F on
Friday night some of the formations
were crooked and there was much de
lay In the execution of such movements
as "fours right into line" and in "rally
bv fours," some of the men running
from one point of rally to the other
without apparently knowing at which
point they should rally. In the setting
up exercises the instructor frequently
had to call out, "Don't you know your
right from your left?" "Keep those
heels together," and so on, which
proved that the men had not paid the
attention that they should have to the
simple movements of the exercise.
Batteries Intend to Drill
in Open Field — Lecture
by Erwiii on "Honolulu''
INFANTRY INSPECTION
Militia Officers Say the Pro
posed New Law Should
Be Submitted to Them
DESIRE TO SEE
THE BILL FIRST
RIGHTEOUS
CITIZENSHIP
IN CHURCH
THE SAN FRANCISCO -CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 27, 190*.
25
AD VEBTIS E2IENTS.
• . riosrcntfe • ~
I • CELEBRATED
|^ STOMACH W
. In the Spring your health needs at-
tention. The system is overloaded
with impurities which must be Rot rid
of at once or you're going to be sick.
. Then the Bitters is needed. It will
cure General Debility, Spring Fever,
. Nervousness, Stomach Ills, Insomnia
and Malaria. Try it. ¦¦•,^X
$500 Reward
If th* Pudic Itlnc fails to cure organic weak-
ness, lost vigor, prematurenere, varlcoctle;
compels crowtli and vlpor, that's all. The
World's greatest KUrgeons have, been tryln*
for >-ears to find tome practical method cf
controlling the Pudic Nerve, as this would be
h permanent cure in all cases mentioned above
fcy regtorir.s normal power and conditions.
/"'A«k your doctor." Dr. Burnard of France has
accompliithed tbis in the Pudic Ring-. - NO
MEDICINE. NO INCONVENIENCE; lasts a
lifetime. $2.50. postpaid. DR. BURNARD CO..
1<O Geary «t.. S. F. ¦ ¦• .-.-«- ¦- •
mmwB, ak men'
kVj^tg* L»IC U ALL-S REIN'VIGOHATOR
£a **%} stot-s all loftet end unnatural dla-
I cbarces In 24 hours. You "feel aa
S«Cg FEU !inj<roveni«-nt frcm the flr»t do»e.
•M """"Si 'V**- have «o much confidence in our
t'l'A V_K treatment that we oiler Five Hun- -
<vid %t?i Cred reward lor tny case we can-
. UBsWiSs not cure. This secret remedy cur«s
lost power, ntgbtly emissions, wasted orr&ra,
varlcoctle. e!*et, ctrictures. kidneys. faUlna
memory, drains in the urine, gonorrhoea, dis-
ease cf the prostate glands and all other terri-
ble effects of eelf-abus« or excerses. which lead
on to consumption and death. Positively cures
the worst cases in old or young of that- morti-
fying condition, quickaeas of the discharge, a&d
* wasting to do. and you can't. Sent sealed. »i
• per bottle, three bottles. J3. Guaranteed to
cure any ewe.
Call or address orders HALL'S MEDICAL.
INSTITUTE. S55 Broadway. Oakland. . CaL
AIco for sal* at 1073H Market St.. S. V. Send
Xer &M book. '
Sack Suits and Prince Alberts for Easter
For $10 we can show you a splendid line of spring suits in s Of course the Prince Albert is the thing for Easter. Need
all the popular shades of the season. G)od suits for business — » not pay much in our store for one. For $20 we have a soft fin-
they look well enough for dress. Some stores ask $i5 for suits ished thibet, cut in the latest style. /
like them. j f you wish to pay more we have them at $22.50 to $35.00
From $15 to $35 we have every kind of weave and pattern in all suitable materials,
that has been brought out this season. It m .tters not whit your- „„ . , . , „ .
fancy is we can please you. Prices fully a third less than you . W1 ?ite wash vests t0 wear with Prince Alberts, $1.50 to $3.00
would pay elsewhere. Striped trousers for black Prince Albert coat?, $4 to $9.
Men's Hats Special in Shirts ¦•-¦** £3^|§^fc^
¦ ' $ 1.95 to $ 4 ' "Good Value for $ 1
tss^^^^^^k ' purse deter- Madras golf shirts with colors
wish . woven in the cloth; patterns are : m^j f //f * }Lu 'i /I I ' lfmm :
to pay for a hat, so we stripes, checks and small designs; W&b! L r - f'ff ft-H"! n. Jlfe^
M "Qi IHlf c l uote differen t prices. proper neck sizes and sleeve lengths m& yf/ii tl { hjj, If! /M^^0
Iff If^f At $8.95 and $2.50 for- everybody; colors white, tan,
\ *W m we .have all the stylish blue and gun metal; some with nar- ///I f / '/ 7/ ' /jj 'M^
• *-*^:Jf shapes of the season. now plaited effects in solid color; ff^MM^mll fU r 'ilT0M$^
k Every hat guaranteed ' shirts are worn with white linen 1 1 W/Py^^0flnlr^^^
. jNrfL At $ 4.oo ; v ; se,. «. Sj^So! in * very par " Ww$SSf~
/M^rJm^ genuine Stetson in all For Easter wear: White shirts W^WyM^^^^
*¦ * '%4fff|| - the latest blocks of soft §|.00 and $1.50; gloves $1.00 to m^ m "^ s^i^^^^^^'-
and stiff shapes. . $2.25 ; neckwear in black, white and colored .50c and $1.00.
Boys' Furnishings and Confirmation Suits
Hats for Easter Boys 9 $ 2.95 Youths' $ 7.35 S^k&s&
¦ ;'". Our special sale of confirmation suits hss
"Mothers' Friend" shirt waists-made of been , of u " us ( f. intere f M . others ave ' - WW'
„ . . . ... - . ... -,.' ,^ wisely made their purchases here. They ; V^r M
the best quality of percale, all new patterns to se- saved enpu^h on one suit to buy the boy his W#&L
lect from, with collars attached, or to be worn shirt?, collars and neckties.
with separate collars at 50C, 75C and $3.00. • Suits for boys from 8 to i4 years made ; ']^^^^^^^^^
"Mothers' Friend" shirt waists in plain white, f wi ! h , vest^' £"?' like h thei^ fath?r ' s » \^ ™~ ' «^^^^^^
... .. , v u , . •¦¦! en, j is tenal is a dark blue cheviot; our regular price P#?S^^^^^9VSHHBk
with collars attached or separate at 50c and /5c. 00; as Iong as any remain on our saIe coun . mS^^S
"Mothers' Friend" blouse shirt waists made ters the price is $2.95. i J?$£$W
of a good quality of madras, with collars attached Youn s men ' s su j ts ™ s^ Ie or d ° ut ?J e
nr QPmrarp rnllan; nf SOr inH 75c breasted style, made.from double twisted all- m^^^^^^mr -
r wool blue serge, which we guarantee fast l pfi£|^^^^S|^
Boys' blouses with the large sailor collar, in colored: ages 12 to 19; our regular $10 gar-
either colored, or white, at 50c. ments now on special sale for $7.35. H^^^^^^i^^^
n , ir i • ' i i We have other confirmation suits for
Boys golf shirts, made of madras or percale, young m en, made of black thibet and un- m^^^ll
at 50c and 75c. - finished worsted; the prices are $10 and
Boys' automobile caps in large and small For youngsters from 3 to 12 years we " ; hB' :^6^
shapes of blue cloth and tan or black leather, from have sailor suits made of the best quality blu? Wm WB
45 C U n r : ::^^' :: '0':0 > serge, which other stores are selling, for 55.00; - fralll
'¦.,¦¦¦'':• -iy-' , .. , our price for these garments is $3.50. iRgi wS
Large shape sailor caps for girls and small - ¦ We would like to have you see the goods, mM WM
boys in blue,' mixed and white cloth and in tan if only to convince you of the good value we ll|i plli
• leather, from 45c up to. $2.00. offer. . ; |||| ;
paitmentL „ 4T0 MBPkCt StrCCt'Argument on a motion for a non
suit In the case of Urmston, Baird &
Patterson against Hysham &. Neel was
heard yesterday by Judge Muraaky.
The motion was made by Attorney J.
C. Campbell for the defendants on th»
ground that the evidence so far in
troduced was not sufficient to consti
tute a cause of action. Judge Mar
asky took the motion under advise
ment. The suit is for $50,000 dam
ages for an allleged breach of con
tract.
Moves for a Xon-Suit.
west of Baker, at a cost of $13,000.
Flats will also be- built by Hilda E.
Floodbcrg on the northwest corner of
Page and Webster streets, to cost $12.
000; by F. H. and J. P. Cosgrove on the
northeast corner of Garfleld avenue and
Twenty-sixth street, to cost Jll.SOO; by
John H. ilunster on the south line of
Frederick street, west of Tremont ave
nue, to cost 519,000;" by D. II. Bush on
the south line of Frederick street, west
of TVIllard, to cost $10,000.
G. H. George will place three new
flats on the north line of Clay street.
Joseph Robinson will build fiats to
cost $15,000 on the northwest corner of
Nineteenth and Noe streets.
I. Schwartz will spend $75,000 to build
a five-story and basement apartment
house on the south line x>t Sutter street.
137:6 feet west of Jones street.
Andrew J. Price will build four flats
on the north linfe of Page street, to cost
$13,000. . I
M. Scatena will build flats to cost
114,000 on the south line of Greenwich
street, east of iTillmore.
Fee for $1000, and also ten acres near Con
cord. Contra Costa County, for the account of
H. Gulllson to R. E. Vleteh for $S00.
Oscar Heyman has sold 65x75 feet^on
the west line of Nineteenth avenue, 100
feet north of Point Lobos avenue, for
$1600. He is building cottages at Chen
ery and Miguel streets, on the west line
of Twenty-third avenue near Clement
street and at the corner of Sanchez and
Twenty-seventh streets for clients.
T1IE ERA OF FLATS.
To H. B. Algcr, twelve and a half acres,
?2000: F. U Stevens, ten acres, J1000; C. E.
Rudolf, ten acre*. ?1000; W. J. O'N'clll. thir
teen acres. $1000: Mary E. White, thirteen
acres, ?165O; C. W. Snyder, ten a^res. XI30O;
Thomas Fouts, ten acres. S1O0O, and T. D.
Gllmore, twelve acres: $.200; In the suburban
villa subdivision of Redwood farm, at Red
wood City, to M. L. Bell, $400; William Llpp,
?400; R. E. Byrd, five acres. 81375; W. W.
fleeson. one and an eighth acre?. $400; Thom
as P. Maloney. one and an eighth acres, $400;
James Cronk. the same, ?40O; Robert C.
Sylva, *8CO. and W. S. Baker. SSOO; In the
new subdivision of the Oakwood Park, at Fair
OaJcf>, property to I. S. Preston for $900, to
II. G. y. Dlnkelsplel for $1000 and to H. R.
The C. M. Wooster Company has sold
parts of the San Martin ranch, in Santa
Clara County, as follows:
Mendocino County from C. A. Weihe
to a client for $6400, and also the sale
of -the following -city properties:
Cottage and lot, 25x114 feet, on the north
line of Clipper alreet. between Noe and Cas
tro, from C. O. Smith to Cornelius Gallagher
for $2250; two lots, 50x120 feet each. In block
It of the Railroad Homestead at Oceanview,
from James Watklns to J. H. Johnson for
?2S0; lot 25xS0 feet on the west line of San
chez street,. 58 feet north of Twenty-seventh,
from A. Vossler to O. Heyman for $500.
Rothermel & Co. report the sale of
an acre and a quarter of land and an
eight-room house in San Rafael to Mrs.
L. Foster from Mrs. M. E. Hooper for
$5250; the sale of the Marks stock ranch
of 6S50 acres on the Russian River in
Mendocino County for $38,000; the sale
of 640 acres of redwood timber land in
Chatfield & Vinzent have sold the
Rennie Bros.* place of 220 acres near
St. Helena, Napa County, to R. E.
Bauske of Oakland for $36,000; have
bonded 3200 acres as a colony tract near
Tehama, and have sold the block in
Alameda bounded by Eagle avenue and
Lafayette, Schiller and Clement streets
for $12,000.
designed and planned by Willis Polk,
who has been associated during -the
last three years with D. H. Burnham
& Co.. the architects of the new Mer
chants' Exchange building.
The north half of the building is of
fered for lease. In view of the pres
ent movement of leading manufactur
ing and importing firms toward the city
front it will undoubtedly soon find ten
ants, r
Through the agency of Florin L.
Fones &. Co., the property on the south
ine of Vallejo street, 165 feet east of
Buchanan, 27:6x137:6. with residence.
SALES IX DETAIL
The present leading feature connected
with the realty of San Francisco is.
plainly the home building that is in
progress. The increase in the value of.
business properties is an old theme.
Income properties are solid, but the
owners do not care to sell them. The
general market conditions have stead
ily tended to give confidence to those j
that wish to have homes and who seek (
mainly to so place their money that in
the long run they will come out more j
than even by the appreciation in land i
value when the improvements may be- !
come somewhat out of date. ,
No part of the city where front foot J
prices are low enough to permit the j
careful buyer to secure a home site I
falls to improve. The large unimproved
areas in sections near Golden Gate i
Park, north and south of the great I
pleasure ground, now on the market :
make a conspicuous showing in the i
matter of new work that is under way. j
Richmond and the Sunset district con- j
tlcue to Improve quite rapidly.
Those that have lots in the sections j
mentioned have recently been selling ;
them at prices that net a handsome j
profit above the original cost. The !
buildings in the newer portions of the !
city axe of a good class,* generally I
speaking. While there have been very '
large deals in San Francisco realty dur- j
Ing the last week, there has been good i
Inquiry for home sites at reasonable j
prices. When the weather is again set- I
tied the building of homes will proceed j
more rapidly than has been advan- !
tageous within the last fortnight.
There Is something of a stir among '.
the flfty-vara holdings. The Spring •
Valley Water Company has authorized j
Baldwin & Howell to offer at private
Bale several parcels of their holdings, '
some of which are located in a neigh
borhood that has commanded consid- i
erable attention for some time past i
owing to the unsurpassed marine view
to be had from the property. Among
the properties to be placed on the mar
ket are a flfty-vara lot at the northeast
coner of Larkin and Lombard streets,
the flfty-vara lot at the southwest cor
ner of Larkin and Chestnut streets, the
flfty-vara lot at the northeast corner of
Polk and Chestnut streets, the flfty
vara lot at the southeast corner of
Francisco and Polk streets, the flfty
vara lot on the north line of Chestnut
street, 137:6 feet east of Polk, and an
entire block in th* Potrero. known as
Potrero block No. Co, bounded by Six
teenth, Seventeenth arid Hampshire
streets and Potrero avenue.
DE.\LS OF OXE WEEK.
Sales during the week just closed have
been made by A. J. Rich & Co. as fol
lows:
From W. H. Talbot to H. B. Pinney. for
$16,000. the southeast corner cf Green anJ
Buchanan streets. 75xl37:t;; from Mrs. Mc-
Fadden to a client of the firm, east line of
r>evl»adero str»«t. 27 :C fe« pcuth of Gear;-.
55x100, fcr $9254; scuta line of Sacramento
street. 137:8 feet west of .Spmre, 27:6xiX::7.
four flats, remiss fcr $70 j-t month, for
17000, to S. Gcld-rr.lth; frcm M. H. de Toung
to E. G. Burgoyn*-. south line of Fulton street.
110 feet eatt of PhradT, »xi::7:ti. for J0O00;
from M. H. fie Totinir to Mr. Rt!5S. east l!ce
or Shrader rtreet. 29:6 *e»t north of Grove,
SOxllO, for ?3300: from G«"5nre Dareer to E.
Dixcn. 100x100. in Mock S, I^lwiew Tract,
facing Ocean Boulevard, fcr $2100.
Thorne & Kilpa trick have sold the
following during the last week:
Lot and Improvement?, oori'irtir.ir <vf thr?»
flats, on «aet side o- \\>bsu-r street. 82:0
feet nartli of G?ary. Heine to BJsrh, for
$11,700; vacant lot on east line of Howard
stre*t. 125 fe*t south cf Twelfth, 23x1.17:0,
frcm A. P. Hotaling & Co. to Max Abrams,
for $4000; lot 26:"xS7:«, en north line of Chtst
nut street. 51:3 east of Leavnvrcrth, for
?.'."»>. to A. Eteverc. who will erect thr«e
handsome flats thereon; lot 2i5xl37:C. on the
east sHe of Howard street. 150 feet south cf
Twelfth. Hotaling to David A brains, for $1000:
thre« fiats on lot 27:0x*;S:9 f»et. en ea«» line
of Webster street. 110 f»et north of Geary.
Heine to Martin, for $12,000.
Thomas Magee &., Sons have soJd for
L. J. Borle the building *at 217-221
Drumm street, west side, 59 feet south
of "Washington, 32:7xZ5 with three-story
building under lease to> the National
Biscuit Company, to Mrs. Kate S. Goe
wey, widow of James II. Goewey. for
$30,000. The same firm has also seld
thirty-five lots, comprising nearly an
entire block in the Rowland 1 tract in
Oakland, for James V. Coleman and
others to A. J. Syr.der of Oakland for
$36,250. This land fronts on Thirtieth.
Thirty-firEt and Grove streets. The
purchaser will cell the block in sub
divisions.
The building will be five stories in
height, with a basement 8 feet in the
clear. The exterior will be" composed
of solid brick piers of great strength,
resting on a heavy foundation 'requir
ing over, a thousand piles. Over 12.000
feet of window glass will be used. Four
extra heavy quick running electric ele
vators wiir.be provided. . ; The building
will be eaual in every respect to the
high class modern business . structures
now being built in the East. Itwas
Davidson & Leigh have * leased to
Neville & Co. half of the handsome new
building to be erected on the land of
the Whitcomb estate, fronting 120 feet
on Davis street and extending .from
Pacific street to Clark and facing the
freight depot. of the Southern . Pacific
Company. The structure will front
137:6 feet on Pacific street and 137:6 feet
on Clark street, so that the entire
frontage is about 400 feet on the three
streets. . ¦ . . .".-> '
The auction sale of the Sausalito
real estate, which will be held on Sat
urday afternoon, April 9, on the ar
rival of the 1:45 boat from San Fran
cisco, is demanding a great deal of at
tention in San Francisco and Marin
counties. The land has been subdi
vided into twenty-two choice resi
dence lots, which command an ele
gant marine view of San Francisco
Bay as well as Marin, Alameda and
San Francisco counties. Henry Stern
of David Stern & Sons, 11 Montgom
ery street, will auction this property
on the premises. The residence sites
In Sausalito are very scarce for
a choice, quiet suburban home over
looking the bay.
To-morrow G. H. Umbsen & Co.
-will sell at auction properties in a pe
tition suit and also miscellaneous
properties that are desirable.
Easton, Eldridge & Co. will sell at
auction next Tuesday the following
mentioned properties:
Lot C2xl22:6. and three-story residence at
2417 Howard street, east side. .191:9% eouth
of Twentieth utreet; an eight-room house and
lot. 19:7 5-7x137:6. at 1312 Pine street; lot
25x101 feet, on the east line of Lotta street.
100 feet south of Parnassus avenue: lot 38:0x
137:6 and. seventeen -room residence at 822 Turk
street; lot 32:6x82:6 and Improvements includ
ing Union Hall, on the east side of Flllmore
street. 65 feet south of Greenwich; lot 50x70
feet and cottage at 217 Montcalm street- lot
22:6x37:6 and dwelling at 2667 Pine street; lot
25x100 feet. on. the north side of Waller street
25 feet west of Belvedere; ten lots -each
25x120 feel, on the went line of Forty-seventh
avenue, commencing 100 feet south of K street:
lot 25x118 feet, on the east line . of Castro
street. 71:6 south of Army.
SELLING AT AUCTION'.
Sol Getz & Son have about finished
grading a block of larid recentlv
bought by them that faces Golden
Gate Park, and several lots have Ijeen
sold. The new office of the firm will
be opened about April 10.
Lyon &" Hoag have incorporated.
The capital stock is $100,000. The
directors and • stockholders are
George F. Lyon, Edgrar.L. Hoag, Wal
ter S. Oliver. Robert J. Anderson and
William B. Pringle.
Return of sale of the lots sold at
auction by Baldwin & Howell on
March 3, 1&04, for the estate of
Adolph Sutro. deceased, has been
made to court and will come ui> for
hearing and confirma fl on In the Su
perior Court, new City Hall, before
Judge Coffey at 10 o'clock to-morrow\
Property at the highest point of
Fulton street, facing Golden Gate
Park and commanding a fine view of
the city and Marin and Alameda coun
ties will bo subdivided and sold by
Henry Stern of David Stern & Sons.
The land is on the north line of Ful
ton street, between Parker avenue and
Stanyan street. It will be cut into
sixteen lots.
Lot 23:4x120 Wt. on? the east side of Michl-
Kan avenue. I33:4-s«uth cf California street,
fcr 11K5O. to F. W. Iiutler. who will build a.
rtfMerc* for his own accupancy; lot of the
same size on the east side of Michigan avenue.
233:4 south of California street, to Samuel
Heyman, ror $1SCO; lot 3.":4xy5 feet, on the
eaet side cf Michigan avenue. 3.1 feet south of
California street, to John Warwick, for $1750;
lot 33:4x120 feet, on the east, ll.-.e of Michigan
avenue, 133 :ti north of Richmond avenue, to
W. J. Lea!e. for S1S00; adjsinin? let of the
same *:ze to MLeg J»?e':e F\ H.ir.ks for the
Mi5« price; let 33:4x120 fctt, en the east Un?
of Mlehlzan a\er.ue. 1«>;:S routh of California
»tre«t. ttf AJbert J. Behrens. for $1S5©; ad
joining let of the mix diav-nsions to William
H. flourrel for the same fir*ir»; lot 33:1x23
feet, on the cast s!<I» of Mlchisan avenue.
Cfl:S south of Oailfernla street, to Albert E.
Rhode*, for 51750. and the adjoining lot, 33:4x
120 feet, to Daniel F. l.?z.vr, tor $1500.
The following sales are reported by
Sol Get? £z Son: ,
I>ot 23x114. en the w««t line of Forty-eighth
avenue. 137 :C feet north of M street, to W.
F.. Bonaey for $550; lot 50x120. on the. ea«t
Jir.e of Forty-sixth t rtnue -250 feet south of
H street, to W. Sweetman; lot 20x120. on the
west line of Forty-eighth avenue C2:8 feet
north cf L atreet, to J. H. Smith for $550:
lot 25x100 on the south lire of H street. 57:6
feot ea*t of Forty-sixth avenue, ta M. Qnwr
for S12C0; lot C2:Cxll6. on the northeast corner
of Forty-ninth avenue boulevard and \t street,
to W. J. <;-ari:, for $<2CO: lot 32:<>xlUO. on the
southeast ccrner of II street and Forty-sixth
avenue, to C. C. Barre; lot 32:»:xI0O, on the
northeast rom*r of I street ami Forty-sixth
avenue, to C. H. Greene.
The following sales in the Jordan
tract have been made by Lyon &
Hoas:
Property en the northwest corner of Cali
fornia and Baker etrc-eui, lot 31:3x9O:2U f**t.
with a 10-room house, sold by W. B. Grosh
to F. J. Youne for $10,000; lot on the north
line of McAllister street, 64 :C feet west of
Stelner, lot 27:8x8*7 feet, sold to James Burke
for $4500; for A. K. Batchia. lot on th» south
line of McAllister Btreet, 150 feet west of
Parker avenue, lot 25 by 85:6 feet, and Im
provements consisting of a 7-rocm cottage,
w.!d to 8. H. Austin for $2650; for L. B.
Weller, lot en the south line of Tchama
street. 425 feet westerty of Fifth, lot 37:6xS0
fe*-t. with Improvements consisting of rour
Cat*, gold to John B. Coejrrave for $7250; for
the Tucker estate, the triangular lot en the
soutkwen corner of Point Lobos and Thlrty
nlntl avenues, having a frontage on PoJct
!>.!.«,¦« avenue cf 35 feet and on Thirty-ninth
avenue of 74 :C feet, for $415.
RICHMOND DISTRICT.
Speck & Co. have sold 37:6x37:6 feet
on the south line of Golden Gate ave
nue, between Octavia and Laguna
streets, with two houses that rent for
$114 per monfli in total. Mrs. Jane
Lewis is the seller and W. E. Palmer
the buyer. The price was $15,500. ¦
Recent sales are reported by G. H.
Umbsen & Co. as follows:
For 5Ir«. C. C. C. AmwJee. Improvements at
2318 Webster street, east line 51 feet south
of Jackson, and lot 20:Gx*0 feet, for $5000; for
A. J. Ranken, lot COxt»3. on north line of Four
teenth street, 125 west of Sanchez, for $4500;
for A. H. Bailey, north line of Harrison »treet,
200 feet west of Ninth. 25x90 feet, for $3700:
for G. F. Cavalll. lot 25x75. southeast corner
of Polk and Union streets. $3500; for A. J.
Ranken. lot SCxlOO. weat line of Sanchex
otreet. 82 feet north of Fourteenth, for $2000;
for W. A. CrOBF, Improvements at 166 Hartford
street. we«t lino 149 north of Nineteenth, and
lot 22x123. for $2600; for Carl Bedcman. lot
2T,xll5. on the south line of Fourteenth street,
25o west of Sar.chez. for $2250; for A. J. Ran
ken. lot 25x118. on the *outh line of Four
teenth street. 153 west of Sanchez, for $2000.
Recent sales made by Boar'dman
Bros. & Co. include the following:
has been sold by Thomas F. Boyle to
Dr. A. Miles Taylor for $12,000.
To a client of G. H. Umbsen & Co.
Dan Einstein has sold the southwest
ccrner of Lyon and California streets,
with a new apartment-house, for $17,850.
F. J. McGlinchey has sold to a client
of Speck & Co. 27:6x120 feet on the
south line of O'Farrell street, 137:6 west
of Polk, with improvements consisting
of a two-story double house in front
and two cottages on the rear street.
The income from the improvements is
$115 a month. The pFice»is $16,500.
Isidor Lipman has bought from the
Grasshoff heirs the northeast corner of
Larkin and California streets, 35x70
feet. . • ,
Array of Buildings Being Erected Makes Certain
Settlement of Permanent Population on Lands
That Have Advantage of Being Close to Park
CONSTRUCTION OF CITY
HOMES INSURES ADVANCE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY,; MARCH 27, 1904.
26
• ADVERTISEMENTS.
Our Methods f
You will realize then why Schlitz beer is pure. ( '
You wash a cooking utensil once. We wash a bottle /w/; \^y
times, by machinery, before we fill it.
7 7 J 7
You use city water. We bore down 1 400 feet to rock for ours.
You prepare food in the air of the room. We cool Schliti m
i beer in plate-glass rooms and filter all the air that touches it JlL
Then we filter the beer^ by machinery — filter it through Wk
Yet your methods are cleanly. Ours are cleanliness carried
Then— j-for fear of a touch of impurity — we sterilize every C&l
Z bottle after it is sealed. We double the necessary cost J I
of our brewingto give you a healthful beverage pure | j
Do you wonder that we sell over a million barrels annually?
Ask for the brewery bottling.
J : P LflS AngfilrS— SHERWOOD & SHERWOOD-Sai Pram jjff^
Wholesale Distributors
The Beer That Made ftTiSwauk^ famous, Slf>
ADV^TIEEMENTS.
AX ABSOLUTE XECRSSITY.
So Thinks at Least One Traveling
Man.
I would as soon think of starting
out without my mileage books and grip
as to start out on a trip without a box
of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets in my
valise, said a traveling man who repre-
sents a St. Louis hardware house.
Why? Because I have to put up at
all kinds of hotels and boarding-
houses. I have to eat good, bad and
indifferent food at all hours of the day
and night and I don't believe any
man's stomach will stand that sort of
thing without protest, any way I know
mine won't. It has to have some-
thins to break the fall and Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets is the crutch I fall
back on.
My friends often "Josh" me about
it, tell me I'm an easy mark for pil»nt
medicine fakers, that advertised medi-
cines are humbugs, etc., but I notice
that they are nearly always complain-
ing of their aches and pains and poor
digestion, while I can stand most any
old kind of fare and feel good and
ready for my work when it needs me.
and I believe I owe my good digestion
and sound health to the daily, regular
use of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets; year
in and year out, and all the "joshing"
tn the world will never convince me
to the contrary.
I used >to have heartburn about
three times a day ane* a . headache
ibout three or four times a week and
ifter standing for this for four or five
pears I began to look around' for a
crutch and found it when my doctor
told me the best investment I 'could
make would be a 50 cent box of
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, and I have
Invested about 50 cents a month . for
them ever since and when I stop to
think that that is what I spend every
lay for cigars, I feel like shaking
hands with myself, for I can keep my
stomach and digestion In first-class ?or-
ier for 50 cents a month. I don't care'
Cor any better life insurance.
My druggist tells me they are the
most popular o*' all stomach medi-
cines and that they have maintained
their popularity. and success because
they do as advertised. They bring re-
sults, and results are what count in
patent medicine as much as in selling
barb wlre
- • ADVERTISEMENTS* .. . . . ~~
IlD Tit /\ D^flrhf VhCTe Sterling made upholstery plays an Im- TUn RorffAAm Furnished in a deHghtJally dainty way. (Lfl
W inCrariOr P o,tant part g Ahaodlome divan with arm I llC 060100111 Beautiful fcirdseye maple doacr with oval f|
I J — — — chair and reception chair to match. They are — — — — — — French plate mirror. Chairs and table are ] 1
I 3 upholstered in heavy silk tapestries -goods and upholstering to last a life- made of ths same dainty wood, Birdseye maple remember, not plain | 1
II time. Polished saddle seat rocker, Roman seat, pretty parlor table, as maple. Picture tells how the metal bed looks, and you can choose any 1 1
1 1 cory and home-like as you could wish for. color you like. "Wire mattress, top mattress acd pillows, of coune. 1 1
tl These four pictures show what $150 will do at the Sterling. $150 pays for the furniture shown in I
II these four rooms. Is there anything lacking? A year's time in which to pay the $150 : : : : jl
II Ilk'liPJ N-l I I Hi 3 I Pi 1 1 I I I HI H I I/iIihbI aJ
f*f -Jfi* , I 1 I v Bl Ski' HI h'I l i B 11'* I \ EM n ' I i| J J3 • w if §|li?: > vy
II The four rooms as pictured here are contained in the model cottage, built within our store. It is I
H undoubtedly the greatest $150 worth ever shown in San Francisco :::::::: A
HS Thin nininrf Pnnm First, the Extension Table. A TfiA Mt + f\Y%r\r* The kitchen furnishings include a Richmond I
1 I \%\j l/llllllg I\UUIII round one, a stylish one. One 1111/ l\ll0lit/l1 range. Pretty good guarantee for the rest
n i^— —^— —^— -¦-—^— that extends to six feet. It's made m ~ m^ mmmmmmmmmmmm of the furnishings. A Richmond is guaran*
llj of golden oak, legs are gracefully turned. The chairs are exceptionally teed absolutely. If it does not fulfill every promias we make for it, we
III pretty, polished quarter-rawed oak, without carving of any kind — em- return 'to you the full purchase price. Chairs, patent kitchen table with
III phasizes the richness of grain and polish. compartments for everything.
• AD VEST ISE3IEST S.
B. KATSCHINSKI
Philadelphia Shoe Co.
10 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO
Adjoinlsff Call Bnlldiar.
ELEGANT OISPLAY
EASTER FOOTWEAR
Our present display of Easter
toveltiee and Spring Footwear is
larger, more sna-ppy and lower
pric*d than we have ever, before
• offered. We hare all the Season's
newest and choicest design*, all
the latest ideas and artful results
cf expert Shoe making, which,
co-a?led with our extremely mod-
erate prices, have never been
equaled ca tfcl» Coast. Easter
¦peciil: Ladles' Fine Imperial
Kid Oxford Ties, coin toes and
tips, neat foxlsgrs. turned soles
ar.d French fceela. THE FSXCE
OZTX.T 52.00. Size* 2H to 7^;
widths A to E.
FOR THIS SPRING
DKTSST AHTJ 2TEAT. Ladies'
Extra Fine Vlci Kid Lace Shoes,
with stylish coin toes and patent
leather tips, hand welted soles and
military heels. JTJST A LEADER
TOB S2..10 Sizes 2 4 to S;
widths AA to E.
GIBSON DRESS OXFORDS
A Gibson effect for Spring: La-
dies' Patent Leather Gibson
Blucher Oxfords, with mat kid
cuartrrs. stylish plain toes, turned
Boks and high French heels. OUK
PBICE OXTX.T S3.OO. Sizes 2 b
to 7 '. widths A to E.
WAVED VAMP BLUCHERS
WOULD COST KOBE ELSE-
WHERE. J,adk-s' Finest Patent
Leather Kfd Lac* Shoes, with mat
kid toj:-s arsd waved vamps and
foxing-, plain aristocratic toes,
turned soles and high concave
Cuban he»-is. At a price s:;.."J{».
Eizes 2*i to 7»,£; widths AA to D.
FIVE-STRAP SANDALS
SWELL AT EASTEE. , Chil-
dren's and Misses' High-Cut Strap
Sandals, with patent leather vamps
and foxings. mat kid tops and
plain coin toes, turned soles and
spring heels. Widths B to £>
Child's sizes, 5% to 8. «l.]r»;
Child's sizes, SVi to II. *1.4O;
Misses' sizes, il% to 2, 81.05.
PATENT LEATHER LAGE
DRESS THE CEOOBES
WELL. Child's and Misses' Pat-
ent Leather Lace Shoes, with mat
kid tops, neat toes and tips and
stylish moderate extension soles.
Th«» children's sizes have spring
heels and the misses' and young
ladies' sizes have the new low
flat heels. Sizes B to • D
Child's sizes, 6 to 8. JR1 Ifj-
Child's sizes. 8% to 11. «ill»5:
Misses' size*. IliJ to 2, Jit] 50 •
Lcxlics* sises, 2% to S&, $1.85.
EASTEH EGGS rBEE.
Our Easter ChJckon will lay
candy eggrs for all children accom-
panied by their parents who visit
our store this week. -. # v .. . -. .
B. KATSCHINSKI
Philadelphia Shoe Co.
10 fin st, Saa Francisco.Milan, Italy, not Lyons, France, is
now the greatest silk market.
The wool clip of Argentina Is one*
fourth of the world's supply.
Indians and Mexicans eat the honey
ant with much relish.
It has been pointed out that Japan
has declared, both before and since the
war begun, that she stood for and
.would continue to stand for the Integ
rity of China and Korea. In that case
the victory of Japan would be fol
lowed by no injurious effects to Amer
ican commerce in those parts 'of the
Orient, j The Japs have always scrupu
lously observed their diplomatic prom
ises. Another guarantee that Japan
will kefep her promise— if she wins-^
lies in the fact that her ally, England,
is strongly in favor of Chinese Integrity
and thtv open door, and for thesame
reason Hsj the United States— trade. In
spite ot- pressure Russia has . not* in
dicated ¦-, how she /would; treat Korea in
the event of her victory.— Chicago
.Tribun.V
Japan's Promises.
A decided innovation has been mada
by the management of the St. Francis
Hotel in San Francisco. This con
sists in opening a library of 4000 vol
umes for the use of the guests of the
house. The room occupied by the
library is on' the lower floor, looking
out on the park and is tastefully or
namented and richly furnished.
The books, many of them in costly
binding, are chiefly of standard fiction,
poetry, essays and history. Current
fiction and magazines will be supplied.
There will also be a section devoted to
the literature of the Pacific Coast, Hvea
of its pioneers, all obtainable works on
the missions of California, everything
in fact which will illustrate the history
and development of this region. Mrs.
Helen A. Laughton, recently from Bos
ton, Is the librarian. fc
to the beat advantace both popular and sci
entific works, and to cultivate a taste for
wholesome reading.
We do'lrf, in addition, to assure you and
your librarian of our hearty co-operation In
efforts for tlie extension of the Influence vt
our public library. .
Bogus "Seotch" and "Irish."
A revenue officer says in the London
Standard: "English spirit, by itself, is
every week being made up and sent out
as Irish and Scotch whisky. It 1b sim
ply reduced, colored and bottled and
labeled 'Scotch* or 'Irish,' according to
the needs of the customer. And all this
takes place In the bonded warehouses
of the country, with the full cognizance
and consent of our excise and customs
officers, who are actually cautioned not
to interfere."— Exchange.
We shall be measured by what we
might have been.
The offer made by Mr. Carnegie in
1900 of $750,000 to San Francisco was
declined, as this city prefers to. erect
Its own library building, and has voted
bonds for this purpose and for the pur
chase of a site.
In Seattle, Wash., recent evidence Is
given of the appreciation in which the
public library of that city' is held by
local educators by a letter sent to the
Bo'ard of Library Trustees. It was
signed by the Superintendent of
Schools, F. B. Cooper, and two of the
school principals in behalf of the twen
ty-seven principals of Seattle. It reads
as follows:
The superintendent, principals and teachers
of the public. schools of the city, realizing the
si-cat benefits that must accrue to the pupils
intrusted -to our care through the broad - and
liberal policy of your honorable body, ; which
gives them such free and ready acceas to prop
erly selected library ¦ books,* desire to express
to you our hearty appreciation of your liberal
: The reference bopks we .find invaluable as an'
aid to ' pupils . in acquiring habit? of : research,
while ; the . wide ranee of collateral material
.jrlves us an opportunity to direct.: and system
atize their, reading, fo assist them in utilizing
SAN FRANCISCO DECLINES.
that which places within the reach of
all the treasures of the world which
are stored up in books."
California has been remembered by
Mr. Carnegie in a bountiful manner."
He has made in this State, prior to
March 1, 1904, when he sailed for Eu
rope, twenty-nine gifts for libraries,
aggregating $557,500.
The average sum presented to these
twenty-nine places is $19,224. Of the
total amount there has been allotted
to Los Gatos, Visalla, Palo Alto, San
Luis Obispo, Woodland, Benicia, Red
ding, Watsonville, Chico, Redwood
City, Nevada City and Haywards,
$10,000 each; to Petaluma, Santa
Monica and Hanford, $12,500 each; to
Pomona, San Bernardino and Santa
Ana, $15,000 each; to Eureka, River
side, Santa Cruz, Santa Rosa and Val
lejo, $20,000 each; to Fresno, $30,000;
to Alameda. $35,000; to Berkeley, $40,
000; to Oakland, San Diego and San
Jose, $50,000 each.
The recent offer of a library donation
to Scarborough, England, reveals the
fact that this is the thousandth library
gift made by Andrew Carnegie. His
first gift was made to Braddock, Pa.,
in 1SS9. ';/.'-:
In the last three years English-speak
ing cities throughout the world have
been sharers of his liberality. He has
presented library buildings to cities in
California Fares Well in
Homes for Literature Lift
ed by the Carnegie Wand
PEOPLE ENJOY
NEW LIBRARIES
Charles Lyons notifies the public that
in response to numerous applications. he
has had Landseer's celebrated painting
of the lion engraved, size 43x28 inches,
which may be obtained at his stores, 721
Market street or 122 Kearny. ¦• Free to
customers; ten cents to others; fifteen
cents by mail. •
South African Liions.
library purposes and are not included
In the above mentioned estimate are:
Peter Cooper Union, New York, $500,000;
Birmingham, England, university en
dowment, $250,000; Booker Washington's
Tuskegee Institute, $600,000; pension
fund for workmen, Pittsburg, $4,000,000;
Scottish universitias, $10,000,000; Carne
gie Institute, Washington, $10,000,000;
The Hague Temple of Peace, $1,500,000;
engineering building, New York, $1,500,
000. Besides a considerable number of
millions for endowments of the pros
pective Pittsburg Technical Institute,
designed to be unsurpassed in the
world, have been donated.
The aggregate amount of Mr. Car
negie's gifts of all descriptions for
public benefits throughout the world
is believed by those who are well in
formed to be now between $90,000,
000 and $100,000,000.
From an address given by Mr. Car
negie at the dedication of the library
at Braddocl:, Pa., it may be seen why
he chooses to bestow such amounts
upon free public libraries. . He then
said: "It is from personal experience
that I feel that there is no human ar
rangement so powerful for good; there
is no benefit that can be be
stowed on a community so great as
It is worthy of remark that while ay
plications from cities for library aid
are filed for investigation by the office
secretaries, when library buildings are
burned all formalities are omitted and
offers of help to the cities are tele
graphed. Seattle,. Wash., . Lincoln,
Nebr.. St. Cloud. Minn., and Marl
borough, Mass., have In their sudden
need through .destruction of their
libraries found in Mr. Carnegie a help
ins friend.
Some other notable benefactions of
Mr. Carnegie — though this is not a com
plete list—^Yhich were not bestowed for
CARXE^IE'S REASONS.
The total amount of library dona
tions to other countries than the United
States was estimated to be, prior to
June 1. 1903, 55,861,000. The aggregate
sum given for library uses in the Unit
ed States to the same date is placed
at $38,505,000. No figures are now ob
tainable for donations, made during the
last nine months, but' it is safe to say
that the total sum of all library gifts
thus far bestowed to all the countries
previously mentioned will hardly fall
short of $50,000,000. The smallest gift
reported is $500; the largest one is that
made to Xew York City for establish
ing sixty-five branch libraries, $5,200,000.
Though Mr. Carnegie' is recognized as
the champion library giver his bestow
ments have not been confined to this
specialty. Some years ago he had a
hobby of church organ giving and
many churches in England and Scat
land received offerings of this descrip
tion. Of late he has given freely for
endowments of colleges and other In
stitutions of learning. Apparently not
a dollar is 'bestowed for objects of dis
play; the benefactions are distinctly
for uplifting educational purposes.
Newfoundland. Canada, Cuba, Porto
Rico, New Zealand, New South Wales
England, Scotland, Ireland. Wales and
the United States. Every State in the
Union, save Arkansas, Mississippi, and
possibly Delaware and Rhode Island,
has been a recipient through its cities
of a library offer.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. MARCH 27, 3J)U4.
27
THE EMPORIUM. J THE EMPORIUM. I THE EMPORIUM. | - THE - EMPORIUM. | . THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM.
Embroideries Less Than Half *y^s*& jnf pill Easter Novelties, Egg Dyes, Etc. 5
Monday and Tuesday this sale — the finer kinds only— newest de- j s£rf <T* f/f}4!L&S /fas&sfr M Jl M MS Everything new for Easter remembrances will be found in the |
Signs in Choice qualities of lawn, cambric and nainsook, good enough $^JWJrJ[if^ display on second floor, in the main aisle and in Crockery Department, main floor. ?
for any kind of wash materials, stvles used for corset covers, chil- & <a W K:=J r v - J , ¦ •¦ J
d'--n*<; onH nfhpr tnmminfrc- -> r / f OOi^XUAe- A\x,\A^A . ' " ' M ' ' ' nillW* Rabbits, Ducks, Chickens, in an almost endless yarietv of Useful Metal Novelties— Opened egg}, com- X
a,v.-n s aresses ana otnei trimmings; widths o'A to 22 inches, divided ' amu5in e d "'* ns > " ch so^soo bincd with rabbits. s i: PP ers, e:c, that can be \
into five lots: ' ; ~*^M^^^^^g/ ? W °° d Markt ' Basket - NWltjr With C * C )ot »«d «« cigin, dia««« or m«ch«. noTdty S
Widths up to 30c yard 14c Widths up to 60c vard. . ..26c wy^r^^r^l^ &~i \ A* WtL^/«%w / Decor.ud china Ei«'.'.'.'.*.'.sc,' idc,isc ¦ ••* »K vas «» jymbokai sutucttcs. etc.; g
Widths UD tO 40C Vard 1Or YViHthc %m in 7Sr \iavA 1Xr i£4/ //j /W // W^^h^^r^A^WM / / 1 Easter Egg Dyes— P«s Dyes, pain colors and intertst- crockery depirtmenMnam floor. *
UL "^ U * J A,. •'"••••' C VViatriS Up tO JbC yarCl. . . .JJC jS r///yJ/f / /| Jr^&]JrfL 7§L 7$L&-/£JLi 5ng picture effect!: n&uly 5 c a package; specul Easter Table Dtcorations-Li;,,, banquet «ndl«, *
Widths UD tO $1 25 Vard 43C % kam^y^%r^ / m 0^^^ *fe<\^0r ?*»S Wr*r&&** price . . .... . .3C V shaJes, doilies, «lted almond cuti, etc., etc., second flcor. %
- J ' ; ' ¦ - .-¦¦¦¦¦'¦ : ¦ * ,%
$3.00 Pongee BiSks 39c Dainty sterling silver Spoons, Forks, Etc. Correct Easier Millinery $
Lace and Persian Strlpo Effects n Special' Sale Monday" 79c Each Th0 r aV orlt0 Picture Hat Is Here |
for Elegant Summer Dresses Bonbon Spoons— Sugar Spoons, Olive Spoons, Olive' -''Jeweled Side and Back Combs — The new white ef- In All Its Varieties— Moderate Prices ¦ 5
The quantity <f this surpassing silk offering is neces- Forks, Sugar Tongs, Cream Ladles; Pickle Forks, ; fects; .beauties; charming " conceits 'in amber, or- Conc-niruous features in the Si 5
c.,,,. ' **r\ m a \f Sardine Porks, Mustard Spoons, etc.; the stylish namented with turquoise, rubies, peacock opals, <-on JP cuous features in trie —^ S
barii\ nmuta tO lDLU yards, SO Com? early Monday If 'gray finish, all of the articles with gold-lined: imitation diamonds, etc.; bought especially for the ? ew millinery for spring and rf}&Tm rfA/ '^- V, - 5
you want SOm? of it. Fine $1.00 pongees in several bowls and never sold regularly under $1 9^a Easter trade (at Jewelry Counters, Rotunda) — summer are the lavish use of iy^L'\ Jk^^^^*^^^^ "^ 5
different designs and COlorillos, including some mag- each-Mnmlay only, as an Easter offering '&<' each- .... ¦ $I.OQ to $9.00 laces-the lace drapery veil, J^^^^^^^^& \
. nificent color combinations in Persian stripes, hand- These MllCh-AdmlrOU 'Stylish Suits ' S^nd riZns-^'e « W^^^^f- i
some lace striped erfect and small neat stripes in all e-> £&*****»£#** MISTr4Kga*s*<SL—e%ng** &'91*SZn the elements that enter into the J
colors. These pongees will made the daintiest sum- B " B^UWGiUy imMJL*ur*3&—uniy $>*g«$ B &W correct hat. The Turban and I
mer dresses and sh/rt waists, and a great bar- The only gives a general idea of this jaunty style, one of the latest "ricom, in both plain and dressy -* " W^^? £
gain at the little mare than half price for Monday S9c arrivals from New York. It is made of a medium weight novelty mixture, in new spring Jf cosT^io.oo a to '(p- WyM' %
o M^. MAM r»i-* « — 7 F — T ' shadings of gray and tan. The silk-lined Eton jacket is $25.00 each, a few exclusive imported \ ss^fr^'W^W'^ S
proper blOVes tor t&Ster y^-^y^ Drettilv trimmed with cnliH rnlnr tiffptn <\\k noveltV models ranging as high as J35.OO and OT©:-JT^^ •
Empress Dollar Gloves-Made of prime lambskin in tbe latest style s /^^Lw l '\ in V ! tatteta SllK, novelty . 5
stitchings and colorings, shades of brown, mode, beaver grays JC^^SM^y oraid, and small gilt buttons, with small half capes over e - >r
and white being the most popular; splendid fitting reliable gfoves, %P^%r shoulders. The unlined skirt is even length, kilt pleated. Children s Dress Hab-In all of 'the _ new Poke effects, in Tuscan and ;?
th -*.at • • • B1.OO W*ffl Serviceable runabout suits remarkably low priced at...... . Cuban bra^tommedwitt, ™ b^" s fl ™«r |
The Premiere— A 3-clasp, real kid glove, with the new Paris point $L^J '• • • • ~ $23*50 92m5U 9 &O.UU, $9.50, $10.00 %
Stitching; a thoroughly high-Class glove for theater, evening or 5S®^m>^ «, rfa ii t,;i«- r~,~* \\ruu pi '*•' '1', j r 11 n : *.K^ Cage Turbans— -In the new torpedo and Women's Stylbh Drus Hats— Made of fincy *
street wear; in all the colorings that are now fashionable and up- I ftnms— With Eton jackets and full flowing or the | olcnial efrect ._ - Tu can b L, 35* with blue b*l *
to-date; dressy gloves, per pair .- ........ • §f.5Q yf P* ?g *\ :^v ' straight line effect skirts; gowns made of fine broadcloth, $3.65, $5.00, $6. so, sis ind br5C ritin r "' bbon^ss 'So *
MJism' Stlk Tafffta Oloves-Bet Quality, Women's Silk Mtsh Gloves— Very «tyli»h, 2 fiklfli \ ifttSN Or navy, of tan nOVelty SUltingS and the new mole Untrimmed Hats- In the new champagne Tor^do^Shaped Walking Hats- Of ttravr, 5
*ithclaip—t large pearl clasp- Paris point c!a?pf; h:ve l:sie palm, combining strength \M I if I 1|MP Shade Of figured etamineS' thirty handSOme neW StyleS at tnd natural itrawj, horsehair and chiffbn . trimmed with straw rosette* and quill., in J
' gx^eme Novelties In Veilings US W\ « «^ *«»««— In white, black blue .pink nile and the chM "" UM '"™* n 2£Zs^o MS^KK|S£SaS I
a/jrf Handkerchipis fnn F-IMZ, m,|| \ popular champagne shade, all modeled according to fash- , .3
VnL^ln^J^JlZlZ^^^fL^^ /m®£mm ' l \ T' 5 hteSt M di K tates and from $1 i 5 H i, ess - m »« Children's and Misses' Wear |
will not be ab'.c t& find an assortment of such pretty veils elsewhere in town. ( W/V / ifl Stores WOUld Charge yOU, each .. $4-5mUU tO &b5mUU Just as complete a change in the Styles for little folks this 3$
Some of the most noteworthy drapes have large chenille dots around the en- \^1P\\ W^^i^f Model Gowns — For calling, receptions and dinners; elegant and spring as in the styles for their elders. You'll find our children's 5
;;*;¦£ S X^i W^ exclusive creations at prices you wou'd expect topay^for department thoroughly up-to-date, with a new and interests stock. \
gold around border, is one of the newest eff.cts. The auto veil, with ring hoop for proper ad- \ llji the OfGin^ry imitation $100*00 tO $m65iGG New Recurs— For l.tt.e tat«; solid colored Peter Thompson Reefers — For 6 to 14 jf
iustment, is a so a large «:I3er. . I • . / W A - 4 t . n ,. J. t n , ,, ,. , , r , broadcloth and fancy mixture; large collars, Jean S5.OO to $f2.00 9.
We have made careful .election of daintily construct^ patterns- firm rattrrns. not the „ 1- //f \ 8 SuitS— Planned by the beSt deSlgnerS Of WOITien S trimmed with silk braid,, ribbon and lace M b.es' Jackets - la feicT eheTk XT
stringy kind that «,.oon get out cf shape -,U kind, of rartern, from the delicate cobweb de- •. /// Ul garments in America, made Of SOlid Colored materials, fancy »pplique effects, bishop «Iee»^ broadcloth collar and cuff,, trimnlei "wnh >»
ticn'to the large op-n rr.esh with the enormous chenille dot. ///// //;/:/ \ __: • j a i_. -. » i- m " ;.. &%bU\J to {fitfa • »- , ., , . , . Jf
Pa-t^n vriis \i Lares 5On 7*5/. «# nn *i 2* «#«o «*t= iy // A mixtures and the' newest novelty weaves; etamine, voile, wwte siik c« P $- Dainty hemstitched effect, fan ;y bMld * nd briM b «« onj . «« «« . » S
Novels elch ' ' ' ' ' $ U'lf> ' '" 7// I \\\ cheviots homesDuns foulards wash goods etc at Drices and aiio,er embroider; P r C e,. . 69c, andI^ an 94.6O S
Auto \ e.ls, eacn and £2m*JO //' I i \ C11CV1ULO, llUlllCipullb, lUUtdlUb, Wdbll KUUUi, CLL., ctl pi ICC5 *j C _ ao . <i on <L9 9k Mltui' Sailor <nif« r n^ >rwi naw kr^.4 5
i / '! \ ranging from.... S9.SO to SSO.OO t Sff' t U^.£iSsJS^L |
Dainty Ibndfarchltls -Some new effects m embroidered. We, ed ge and co'.- II / I \\\ Bress Top CotU— Of fine broadcloths, kerseVS, DOngeeS, doth Of £oo wSS T'ii'ob ' SlfsO . ." ' ' r SB ' BO " StZ -°° j
«* b^"" s // : \\\\ • gold and taffeta silk; some'of the most swagger N«w°&.™&fc*- °- % * 't^"^ j»?a " l °"" J 5
sJ^S IfcoS M \v\\ i effects ever brou g ht to the Coast and f . ull - v one - s^sS^SSrS «°l • <*«-«*•» |
Puin hemstitched embro'.drrjd hanikercheft 25O to $2m7d //fljl j I \|\ "\ third leSS thah Slmilai* garments are priced at in trimmed with fancy braid and brass but- Basttr Brown Suits— For gns 6 O 14 yea%
Co orei border handkerchiefs 2SO, 35C, 500 /M/^l . I \\ W\\ rp V p r j,| «. tnrpc j „ \ U j c r \ ?.. «frf -JT « f% f n &/1Q *S#1 ton » $6m75 nayy or brown serge S8.5O 9
D^chcsi lace hindkerchieA : • • . . . st-so to •sf5.oo /mil / / , ,,|1\\ several stores in tniscity /f«ii#ic^*o«oi/ __.^ — *— —^-^____.^.
""^^ CvTZI^irZ ®> »^ : /Ml / I \ i\n\\lvAN^ An Extensive Assortment ol SilK and Wash Waists— A collectior- Damasks Special Sale i
£.aSier ®M5t& (mi / I ',|™ A fmeline of imported German Whitaf^rl* *
FOi* th& Bnw^ • ' / / 1 \\\m^W^O priccd Hke tWs: : table damasks and napkins, high- WHIJfO txOOOS ; J
r **" m * a *~ «*«#jf^ // / /in 1 |\\\\y,VK\ $ 1. -5 value Bedford Cord, for . . SBo **.oo raiur white cheviot*, for. $#.75 i y mercerized and finished like Monday Only — One case fine India .%
The newest styles and good qualities for ""W 1 ilJW%^ . %%^ g£^^i*±°° 5f| w| tSS^S&O f tin = «' e last shi P ment S»1§ JSS ' .ZbtL'^duSaS I
•=5^^ less than you must pay elsewhere for the \^ fiBaiiL' • ' • • • ¦ SU2S u& wt «* <** ii ck« . . . . tract of over a year ago at such '"fol^"» /„;!?¦„ "°° S
ordir.arv y j<ind || ; . - ¦> JM^ . - - ¦¦¦- »^ ;^nc X ,v^,, fe r. $ ,. su sz.bo ¦ »« 3 .7 S |g||g^^^ "efdTfT *^| 1 1^C |
,-rSL ilfii # $3-95 Stylish Spring Shoes— $2.5®, $3.5O ~$^&JK2£&«*- %
II ff/f\ Sk S S^s fO L% tO toV ye «ars Many new lines just opened. A fevv of the comfortabk good looking well wearing, reasonably priced finely finished, *^-^f^'S",?3 *
II I MfmM tj» *#*• s"'^ £ I !° o s Tears! "cTL" P^l^ Zi^"tt "^ &^?»-* ¦•«••¦ " ' " C S
/iU yili^-P^C^v Th «' =" e "«!>• made from durable „ .VTs/^ridr'a.dfnfalk- ' '^^t iS'^tTktrLt i Sf S
L ' i IS /^\- Ife ?4 blue "cheviot ""and" s r^' N^55.V£l«J&a?fc. La ,„,,. ,h, „,,,« ... - ™» y new M T 'HFrlf " " V "" ; ' '"' 3S ° S
¦¦jb 4;y 1*4 • Hn Also oiuecneviots and serges, 1( ho el o,m™»hoh.v tl iw,v !p ,ids-.ooo,m».,. P .ir i __ jETM Wffl* a^E^*Bjfc. ffllWZM Turkish Toweb-Bleached, double u«n u«m-ah »l«te, (bt tandkociiea. i
J8 real stylish and serviceable suits , fcc ,; ,„ '. . . ? .S3. SO B^M sMi»$Mi ''•"''• '"*' ""• 'f" ul " 1 ™. t « h »? '¦o b.ranb=r; ctntcr., «c.j lri.h m .k=. ,« re .;
\<3 *V P^^V^l ' for the lad Of 3 years and On lip tO No. 3—Womtn's Patent Colt eiuch*rt()«s— Dull kid quirtef); plain toe, mili- |&^$% P^S^S^S - z^^v J1.7S Bed ComtorterS — Fancy quilt- fl«, 18 inches wide, 50c Talue, yard . . J
\V *¦/ I ' ||HfjipU his bi^ brother of 15 years — all ur r hccl ; the .'3-5° Iow !!lo(: of «dui;vc ih« store*, hc^ e**g an '@^l.^v HiilffojlL (T5l) j^&ff^^^^ ed, fuiisiie, i2do«ntogo,«ch.a,7.3S -35o <t
y "^S r fl|yi' e sflX Ce Beefe^-ff 1^*?'^^^^!^!: r^^^^^^!^^^^) B/A/es, Hymnals, Easter Bells |
«¦ ii-i s^s^fl^i ..^•^^¦^....^.^^^.//^ — nm __ — . — |g^fig|«gi s h^^rn a th e e a «hSS:ie"? i
M 'fl* 5 * i:r,he^T4.r !fc vl";,^ 1 , b r. an : i Bead Necklaces 9Sc Groceries and Vauors C w' «X"w 3
$3,95 Another large lot of those genuine Indian Bead Monday and Tuesday Sales department, prices, per set . . . Novelty Leather Belts — Cruih,ed *
The New Washable Suits a e ready Sl.OO to S2.4O. Necklaces or Girdles, 36 inches long, every imag- Fruits _p eac h es , aprico:,, plum, or a PP l«, excellent -- 75O to $W.OO ] " th « "^ lined, in gr*7. tan. >r
Suits for theYourgMtn-Sz«u P to 19 >ea:s. Small or slender men can be filied inable combination of color, now on special Sale in for pics -etc • gal tin? . ..... . ZOO Bib'cs from. .£T0©upto $12mOO black or white. . ... . 5OO ¦,
: as rotu h nda ' at about half regular value - • 95c S:^#is 3 for i lie CathoHc Wm B « «n Crwhcd Sil ff K Dcl r M f r f T su ; s
M £ b'uc ana bbek ch.vlor. and cut in the h« s ,i,^ - -^ each- ¦ - *<*** IO \ h \. . . . |f g 25o to 53.50 pcnor taffeta „ kj .^ lined «d I
and firnng cou.1 ta the finer. sets; T.nr at . . . & f m&%M " . T~ ! : Roya , B/king Powder- i-lb. tns 3So B//lfe SpOOialS for Easter With gold-plated buckles. . .50o %
Others SIO.OO, $12.50, S15.OD and on up to the lincst at S2O. %>peGiai aSfS tViUSIG Heinz's Apple Butter— The rc C ular 60c ston: crocks 44o a comp ' cte Oxford Teacher's Bible Satin Ribbon Belts— Made of pleated 9.
Our Special $5.€O Suits-Tor boys *% to 16 yesrs. The Eister Song Recitals Dally . Claret-The kind that our trade waits for; Monday and Tuesday, pal. * . t- . -reference/ black satin, with new tiniquc Style }t
fhowingi,! these copuar price nfci is unutuiUy E otd. Ccmrare thrm with the Jc.oo suits Every aftemOOn this Week a talented VOCalist Will • :••'••; k£,° »u maps, rexcrca «, oxidized buckles back and front 5
around town. Th=,e are- . : t o 2 .-, Q , d v « . th ..„,.,.. . Sour Mash Whiskies- O.d Nelson or SUverdeil, high grade; bottle 8I0 helps, and concordance, large oxidized ducicics Dact ana iron: . j,
Russa^Suits^toyyear, KorfoJk Suit, 7 to 14 r,ar, S" fj f* jan ?, j ' j ,°P' m ' ? popular • -OngS- Port or S herry-Ea,ily worth $,.00 3 gal .. ...... . . 6O0 typc , good paper, and nicely ¦...:...... . 75o S
Sailor Suits 3 to 1 o ,«» Th:e=-p; ece Sat. S to '15 yean asV 2. t, 1^" 1 .,, ,7 *ir° ra ' l u 1 Ry*» or Bourbons- Our popular J 4 - 00 th= gal. brands; MondUy and bound in leather, regalarlv $2. CO, Girdle Belts— Of black liberty aadn, X
Two-piece SuiM 9 to 16 years AH the WCCK We Will Sell thOSC three SOngS, and Tuesday, gal • • -$2.99 . , -, B ' • 5 tsiruic *sci» rr __t,. rr j _:_' («
Ertra weJ made, from all-wool ciotbs, in all the wanted shades and mixtures, |ftf- <T% ltt "Moonbeams On the Hudson." ''FrisCO Girls" aild Gilka 'Kummel-Imported, the only genune; for the two days, bottle . this week special A |-|| wita large crocnctca ring orna- .,
r-ry <j reS sy and srrriceab'e su : a are these at fp&aVU the "Flea Song," at per copy. . • • . . 15c ' * * * ' ' * * " ' " 51*09 at ...... .<?*»**** ments, very stylish, each. ,5/. OO J
"TO-MORROWS TANGLE."
This Great California Novel
Concluded hi the Beautiful ,
EASTER EDITION.
NEXT SUNDAX CALL.
POSTUM CEBEAL.
COFFEE
DOES
Thing? to some people perhaps it's
contra-indicated in your case.
Try leaving it off
• 10 days and use
POSTUM
ADVERTISEMENTS.
kM/^S^ P^h ID y&i ome can e completely
WW H 11 m^M M u k a PPy "vnthout them, yet tho
ordeal through which the ex-
Hkl^T^f^EJIimiv jCfek pectant mother must pass usually is
I^H^raBllllH H^ so °^ su^ er^ n S) aanger and fear
I %^ that she looks forward to. the critical
hour with apprehension and dread.
Mother's FriemJyjby its penetrating and soothing properties,
allays nausea, nervousness, and all' unpleasant feelings, and
so prepares the system for the
have testified and said, "it is . : " t
worth its weight in gold." $1.00 per IC§ni|! i(B
bottle of druggists. Book containing |rij| iiljl
valuable information mailed free. ffl a M^p^lLg mj|
THE BRADfTElD REGDUTOB CO.. AtlooU. &%.
EASTER CHERUB.
A-F11II Page Photograph of the
Jlost Fascinatins Child ; In |
the City Singing an Eastef
. Anthem.
EASTER EDITION.
NEXT SUNDAY CAMj.ing thanks to Chairman. Swett for his
•work Iri organizing . the club, <to the
Mechanics' Institute for the use of its
rooms and to the press for Its reports,
a most successful meeting/was j closed
with" the announcement that the- next
session would be held. In ithls city on
the first Monday In August.
. Among ¦ the adidtional members en
rolled yesterday were W. A. Chisholra,
Windsor; James Kelly, Martinez; D;
H. Whittemore," Gilroy ; r H. - Hoops.
Wrights; R. L. Nougaret, ' Oakland: C
A. Whittemore. Stockton ; L. . Aagard,
San Francisco, and C. ' B. Messenger,
Los Angeles. . ........
Libel for Wages.
Henry Abenth, William Barrett and
Louis Christenson filed a libel yester
day in the- United States Court against
the Tillamook Lumber Company to re
cover $70 wages alleged to be due as
sailors on the American schooner Gem.
Mrs. Raymond Brown gave the last
of a series of lecture recitals on "The
Musical Dramas of -Wagner." at Lyric
Hall yesterday afternoon. For the last
week Mrs. Brown has entertained the
music-loving pepple of this city with
most Interesting Interpretations of the
famous composer's works, using 'for
her subjects "The Ring," "Tristan and
Isolde," "The Meistersinger" and "Par
sifal."
The lecture on "Parsifal", yesterday
afternoon brought Mrs. Brown's en
gagement here to a close. '¦¦-" '"T".^
Talk on "Parsifal" Closes City En
gagement of Woman That Pleased
Musical People Here.
MRS. RAYMOND BROWN ENDS
SERIES OF WAGNER LECTURES
At 9:15 o'clock yesterday morning
Mr. Gruenagle was called for break
fast, but declined to go and said he
would remain fn bed and await the
arrival of the doctor. A few seconds
later the report of a firearm was
heard and Gruenagle was found dead
ln bed, with blood flowing from his
temple and a. revolver at his. side.
Mr. Gruenagle was 79 years old and
up to six years ago had been in the
service cf the Southern Pacific Com
pany. Since his dismissal at that time
he had been very despondent, and this,
added to the sickness of his wife, 72
years old, made him an invalid also.
He and his wife were living with their
married daughter and her husband,
H. M. Owens.
George Greunagle committed suicide
yesterday morning at 947 Haye3 street
by shoohng himself in the right temple
with a revolver. Despondency, lead
ing to temporary Insanity, Is assigned
as the cause.
Aged Man, Sick nnd Despondent, Be
comes Weary of Life and Deliber
ately Commits Suicide. •
GEORGE GHUEXAGLE KILLS
1UMSELF WITH A PISTOL
Young Men of Episcopal Church Are
Preparing for Religious Study in ,
Hills Near Gilroy. ¦
The various chapters of the Brother
hood of St. Andrews, an Episcopal or
ganization of young men connected
with the parishes of cities and towns
in immediate proximity to the bay,
have under consideration the project
of a joint meeting for conference and
religious purposes in some retired spot,
to be held during the latter part of
June.
The place under consideration and
likely to be selected is near the city of
Gilroy. A site has been offered the
camp, on which suitable buildings for
meetings and shelter are available.
No more beautiful location could be
chosen than in the retired groves and
the hillsides which overlook the valley
at this point. The general plan is
something like the camp-meetings that
were held in early Methodist days, but
will take rather the character of a
summer school of religious study and
meditation.
The programme is being prepared
by Tracy R. Kelley, William Harrison,
H. Robert vBradin, George S. Baker,
Newton Barry, J. C. Ashedo and J. R.
Pringle. The sanction of the Bishop
of the diocese has been secured. The
support and co-operation of. the clergy
is enthusiastic.
Killed by a Fall.
John H. Coe, a solicitor, 30 years
old, was found dead at 7 o'clock yes
terday morning at the bottom? of a
flight of stairs leading to 19 Sixth
street. A. C. Dlebner, a bartender in
Sullivan's saloon, informed Deputy
Coroner . Michael Brown that he had
seen Coe fall upon the concrete side
walk at 6 o'clock in the morning and
that he wajs very drunk. . There was
a large lump on Coe's head.
Supreme Court Ends Disputes.
The Supreme Court ' yesterday set
aside two decrees ' of the" Superior
Court of San Diego County'establish
ing the Perrls Irrigation District H.
H. Clark of Elmdale. Stanislaus Coun
ty, was allowed $436 damages from
the San Francisco and San Joaquin
Railway Company for the destruction
of a harvester by fire started by one
of .defendant's locomotives. -
PliAN A BROTHERHOOD
CAMP-MEETING IN JUNE
. Ferdinand , Habcr, the State iViticul
tural 'Commissioner v to the St. Louis
Exposition,'- supplemented the:resolu
tion .with -. a- short exhortation to the
grape growers • to ¦ aid in I the "; creation
of", sentiment, i favoring - the • consump
tion ; of California wines. After vot-
: Besides discussing: the. Bell bill the
afternoon session transacted- consid
erable routine business. '¦ The follow
ing : resolution ' offered/ by .,;¦ Charles
Bundschu was adopted: • t, ¦'¦
Resolved, That the California Viticultural
Club pledges, Its hearty. and energetic support
to the Joint viticultural exhibit at the expo
sition In St. , Louis,. and ..suggests that even"
viticulturist and -interested' party v should lend
his strongest ¦ moral and financial aid to make
this California exhibit a demonstrative suc
cess. : "• -. i - ¦. . ¦ ¦" ¦ ' ¦ '¦ .-._.¦."'."
Influenced by the speeches he had
listened to, Whittemore wanted the
whole matter left to Mr. Bundschu,
but the latter declined to assume the
responsibility. After Voyle's motion
to reconsider had prevailed, the club
decided to refer the resolution to a
committee of five with power .to cor
respond v'th Congressman Bell on the
subject and present the views of the
grape growers. Chairman Swett ap
pointed as the committee Messrs.
Bundschu, Bruck, G. H. Malter of
Fresno, Frank Swett of Martinez and
B. A. Towne of Lodl.
At the morning session the club lis
tened to Interesting practical talks by
Professors Twight and Husmann on
phylloxera and the "Anaheim dis
ease" in grape vines, several of the
members adding., suggestions of value
in the discussions that followed. Chair
man Swett was authorized to appoint
at his leisure a standing committee of
three to consult with the president
and regents of the University . of Cal
ifornia and co-operate in obtaining
an increased legislative appropriation
for the department of viticulture at
the university, where the work in be
i half of the vast grape and wine Indus
try of the State has been greatly ham
pered by the reduction in available
funds. The chairman announced the
following nominations for. the club's
executive .committee,, .which were
unanimously adopted: W. C. Chis
holm,' Windsor, ' Sonoma County; Q.
E.; Lawrence, chairman, of the Sari
! Joaquin County Viticultural Associa
tion; John' T. Dore, Fresno County;
F. H. Duffy, Santa Clara County;
Frank T. Swatt, Contra Costa Coun
ty; Bismarck Bruck, Napa County; A.
W. Glbbs,; Santa Cruz County. .
THE ST.'UOUIS EXHIBIT.
I was a member of the committee of wine
men to whom Congressman Bell came with
the draft of his proposed bill. We went over
every, clause with care, and recognized that
It was almost hopeless to expect its passage.
But we agreed it was an excellent measure.
If for nothing more than a» a declaration of
California principles. Eastern trade Interests
are doing their best to hurt our industry by
identifying California with adulterations. We
thought it well to show that we do not fear
the most strlncent regulation against adul
terations. We can stand it If the East can.
So we told Bell to feel his way and ijee what
could be done. Only a fortnight ago the lead
ing Kastern publication in the wine trade con
.tained a slanderous article purporting to de
scribe how California wines are made. Let
us stand by the bill and contradict such slan
ders. Our exhibit of pure wlnei at St. Louis
will do much to show what California wines
really aic. (Applause.) •
Bundschu Wine Company, told what
he knew of the pending bill. He said:
Professor E. H. Twight of Berkeley
also lent a hand in straightening out
Whittemore's misunderstanding of the
bill. Its chief end, he said, was to
stop a practice, more common in the
East than here, but nevertheless al
ready doing harm to California wines.
This was the refermentation of pom
ace. Sugar and water were added
after the grape juice had been pressed
from the pomace. Sometimes this was
repeated two or three times. The pro
duct, which was nothing more than
sugar wash, was colored with chemi
cals. The bill also aims to prevent
the use of antiseptics in wine. "If we
don't want these things in wine,"
Twight declared, "then the passage of
the bill will be the best way to keep
them out-"
After William Maitland of Santa
Cruz County had spoken briefly in fa
vor of the Bell measure, .Charles
Bundschu, president of the Gundlach-
Congressman Bell's bill means what It says.
It wae prepared at St. Helena ln consulta
tion with all the larger grape growers there
abouts. I was - one of those Bell took Into
his confidence and I can say positively that
he consulted no one of the San Francisco wine
men until lone afterward. Neither 7% nor I
knew either Mr. Morgan or Mr. Rossi at that
time. The bll! was drawn, not In the interest 1
of the California Wine Company, but of the
California grape growers, to prevent the use
of anything but grape Juice ln the manufacture
of wine. As to the tax which the bill Im
poses upon all wines, this is so trifling that
every maker of pure wine will be glad to
pay It in order to sacure Government protec
tion from the competition of adulterated goods.
The small wine makers will not have to pay
more than $2 or $3 per annum. The law could
not be enforced without a fund for the pur
pose, but the bulk of the tax will be paid by
the bis wineries. The bill will be a • boon
to all California wine and grape interests.
Whittemore's attack brought Bis
marck Bruck of St. Helena, the author
of the resolution, to his feet in re
ply. He succeeded in smoothing down
the fiery member from Stockton
somewhat, saying among other things:
TRUST NOT FAVORED.
The long-standing conflict of Inter
est between the California grrape
gTowers and the -winemakers repre
sented by the California Wine Associa
tion made Its reappearance, yesterday
afternoon ln the session of the newly
organized California Viticultural Club.
A warm debate was provoked by. the
motion of Joseph Voyle of Alameda to
reconsider the resolutions adopted on
Thursday indorsing: Congressman
Bell's pure wine bill now pending at
Washington. Charles A. Whittemore
of Stockton fiercely attacked the bill,
declaring- it the work of the "wine
trust," and making some insinuations
against members of the club. His ob
jections were fully met, however, by a
number of speakers <and under the
skillful guidance of Chairman John
Swett an amicable disposition of the
matter was made. Whittemore said in
part:
For the first time It hu been proposed to
put t^e wine Droducera under the Jirel of the
tax gatherer, and the proposal is made at the
instance of the large manufacturers. ' The
agents of tho trust go to the small winery
and sav to the proprietor: "You are well-es
tablished. Join with us in shuttlns out these
little fellows. Let us put a tax on all wines.
This will cut off the men who make only a
few thousand gallons of wine, thus restrict
ing the competition and lowering the price
of grapes." Such a scheme wculd be Impos
sible were It not for the Eastern wine makers,
who must a3d sugar ln .their manufacture,
because their crapes are too low ln percent
age of natural euear. They cannot do with
out the sugar; «o the trust hopes to »cet their'
consent to tl»e tax ln exchancre for permission
to use RUKar. The aim of the bill Id not
what appears on its face, but a compromise by
which the ty-ust will get a tax crushing the
.small wine ntakers as a result of a deal with
the Ka stern 'makers on the eugar question.
I want to say a word about these "Dagoes,"
as the bic fellows call the Italians who are
starting new wineries all over the State.
Without the Italians, the grape growing In
dustry of California would be ln a bad way.
They consume vast Quantities of scrapes and
so raise the wlce to the producer. What If
they do put a little eugar ln their wine?
There Is no harm ln that, and some of the
big California wineries are doing the same
thing. It is not sugar, but drugs, that we
must fight. The wine trust, represented here
yesterday by Percy T. ' Morgan, president of
the California Wine Association; P. C. Kossl of
the Swiss-Italian Colony, and others of the
big wine men. is making over 100 per cent
profit at the present low price for grapes, but
it Is not satisfied with that, and wants to cut
the price of grapes still more. Do not let them
use this small assemblage, called tocether in
formally, to further tbe Interests of the mo
nopoly which they are trying to establish. Re
call your resolution and refer the whole mat
ter to a committee that will fairly represent
the grape and wine Interests of the whole
State.
* «
Organization Closes a Suc
cessful Session arid Will
Meet Again on August 1
ALLEGATION DISPROVED
Debate in New Viticultural
Club Over Charge That
It Is a Trust Measure
ATTACKS BELL'S
PURE WINE BILL
,,¦-¦-• ' ' . . ' '' v
THE • SAN FRANCISCO *• CAUEi - : SUNDAY, 1 MARCH - 27, 1904.
28
Paralysis and Locomotor
Ataxia Cured.
Tor particulars call at office 3ryn SXawr
Sanitarium, 127 Hew Montgomery St.
Prescriptions 34,406 and 7.
GUARANTEES CTTRE ¦ FOB DtEW.
EAEJ&I.ESS 121 JECTIOBT. Cures ordinary
cases in a fey days. Warranted to cure
worst cases. SO OTHES THEAT1IEITT
REQUIRED. Prevents and Cures Stric-
tures. PKEVXKTS CONTAGION. Harm-
less. $2.00 for both bottles. For sale only
r. S. STLLY'S FSAZUCACT. 102 Eddy.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE VAIiUE OP CIIARCOAIj.
Few People Know How Useful It Is
In Preserving Health and Beauty.
Nearly everybody knows that char-
coal is the safest and most efficient
disinfectant and purifier in nature, but
few realize Its value when taken into
the human system for the same
cleansing purpose.
Charcoal is a remedy, that the more
you take of it the better; It Js not a
drug at, all, but simply absorbs the
gases and impurities always present in
tbe stomach and intestines and carries
tnem out of the systsm.
Charcoal sweetens the breath after
&nu>kii:g, drinking or after eating
onions and other odorous vegetables.
Charcoal effectually clears and im-
proves the complexion; it whitens the
teeth and further acts as a natural
and. eminently : xf e cathartic.
It absorbs the Injurious gases which
collect in the stomach and bowels; it
disinfects the mouth and throat from
the poison of catarrh.
All druggists sell charcoal in one
form or another,' but probably the
best- charcoal and the most for the
money Is in Stuart's Absorbent Loz-
enges; they are composed of the finest
powdered willow charcoal and other
harmless antissptics in tablet form or
rather in the form of large, pleasant
tasting lozenges, the charcoal being
mixed with honey.
The daily use of these lozenges will
soon tell in a much improved condi-
tion of the general health, better com-
plexion,, sweeter breath and purer
blood, and the beauty of it is that no
possible harm can result from their
continued use, > but. on the contrary,
great benefit.
A* Buffalo physician in speaking of
the benefits of charcoal says: .-."I ad-
vise Stuart's Absorbent Lozenges to
all patients suffering from . gas in
stomach and bowels and to clear the
complexion and purify ; the breath.
moutband throat: I also believe the
liver Is greatly benefited ty,. the daily
use of them; they cost but 25 cents a
box at drug stores, and although in
some sense a patent Dreparatlon. yet
I Believe 1 get more and better | char-
coal in Stuart's Absorbent , Lozenges
than In', any of •: the ' ordinary, charcoal
THE FULL RECEIPT. FULL DIRECTIONS and DESCRIPTIVE
BOOK FREE-SEMD ADDRESS TODAY,
Ntw Improved Method that Cures All Karvaus Diseases that Exhaas)
the Vital Powers of Hen-Elves the Vigor and Inclination
of Men of 25 to Men of 65 and Cures Permanently.
•/ ¦ — : : 5i' : >> : ':-
For tho benefit of male readers young and old who find themselves weak in vital fnno»
tion, the well known Dr. Knapp Medical Co. of Detroit, Michigan, will send their fao
mons receipt and fall directions how to enrs m^^Sk
yonrself at home, fres of charge. It is not JE^f&Sl 1 *
necessary to wnle a fnfl letter, as they send it __£g&^ &0?>s!k
tree a3 soon as they receive yoar name and J^^^^^
address. Wonderful improvements have been FAp&$g$y
made in this famous receipt until it now posi- ||f(3i*fjf^ if^rr^^^^^^M
tively gires tho longed-for effect in only one •?) j^^M^*4
day's nse, and enres permanently in hzli the
time required by any other method that we have A^^iif^a^^^^^^^^^i: y?
ever heard of. It is a lasting cure for any form im^^^^^^^^^^^^A
of wasting drains, vital weakness, lack of stay-
ing power, bashfulness and timidity, |5«t^ WjzS \^x^??^^^^^
prematurity, dissatisfaction, varicocele.
strictnra and all other embarrassing conditions ff^feBtwj^0k
thai intefere. With the newly discovered in-
gredients that have lately been added this wen- iS^w^"""*35y W^^^^^H
derfui receipt it i3 indeed worth having. It /iV^^^^srilr ; @l
goes direct to the weakened part^, makes the /liw^^^=J^3 '^^^^^
mnsdes firm, the nerves steady and has a vit- / ; |Iw^a^.^^ KSsmjs
alizing e/fect on the glands and nincocs m«n-g| I *|^^f v^^^j *^
You know best if you need it or net, and if jl«^w£* ~ %&^' wSsyv^j^s
you do, lose no time in getting it. for the soon- (SoStW^ja^vC— -^J&M&ngSSf
er you write ffae sooner yon will be cr**d
The address is Dr. Knapp Medical Co., I76fl
Hull Building, Detroit, Mich, The new re- j/C. — - '/— ' —
ceipt with full directions how *o cure yocrself privately at home and a book that goes
into the subject thoroughly wiU be mailed yon at once in a plain sealed package free of
charge. Yon will not be asked to deposit any money or to pay for it in any way. ' It
is absolutely free: and as it can cost you nothing yon should send for it without
further delay and find out for yourself that it can enrr yon. - •/ U
ADVEBTISEMENTS. _____^^^~~
818-82O /AARK^T 5T, \SAtt FPAKQ5CX>»
PErTiCoTi^rilAll-Silk Black Petti- lUDEriWEAK— A complete line of
coats, made to sell for $5.00. muslin underwear which we
Special price $1.85 have marked down to about
Rlack pleated, mercerized. Reg. half regular price.
85c. Special 50c FURS AND SHAWLS— We have on
French sateen, fancy check. hand a few fashionable furs and
Reg. $1.25. Special 75c shawls which we have marked
KIMOXAS— Just arrived, a pretty down to one-half their value,
line of Kimonas, plain and CORSETS — Broken sizes of high-
fancy. Regular price 75c. Spe- grade corsets. "All sizes of
cial. each 45c some kinds" at less than half
MJUJNE VEILING— In all shades. | price: ._
While it lasts v.c will sell it at $3-5O high-grade corsets..£l.-> o
the special price of 7c $2.25 high-grade corsets..J{»i.««
WATCH -A Boy's Nickel Watch, £*-50 JjgJ-K r^ e corse ; s - • '!"*
guaranteed! good timepiece. $1.25 high-grade corsets... 4oc
Reg $2.50. Special $1.7O CHAIN —Gents* and boys solid
MERMAID— A real perfection in nickel chain. Regular pnee^c.
washing powders. Washes Special
everything clean from the finest BARKEEPER'S FRIEND — Every-
fabnes to dishes or the back body knows it is the best polish
porch without injury to the on earth for cleaning drain-
hands. 3-lb package. Reg. 2$c I boards, tin, nickel, brass, cop-
¦ Special 19c per, wood, marble, porcelain,
MUSIC SPECIALS— "For Sale, a etc. Sold everywhere for 25c.
Baby" (Harris* latest). "Polly Special 18c
Prim" (a hit), "Dora" and "Ra- POMPEIIAN CREAM— Special this
itiona." Special 18c week, 50c size 25c
EASTER CARDS AND NOVELTIES AT CUT PRICES.
Don't Think of Buying Till You See Our Assortment.
CASTER CARDS— Pretty and cheap e««*«»«- Novelties.
.... lc, 2c, 3c, 5c and 10c RABBITS— Composition
BOOKLETS -In dainty designs.... 5c . 1Oc . 25c to * 1 ' 00
5c, 8c, 10c, 15c and 25c RABBIT Musicians. .10c, 13c, 25c
DT?OP CARDS— All sizes and shapes CHICKEN Candy Boxes
5c, lOc, 15c and 23c 5c, lOc, 15^
CARD NOVELTIcS— Please young RABBIT — With surprise box. . .15c
and old DOLLS IN ECCS
5c, 10c, 15c and 25c 10c, 1 5c. 25c and 50c
EASTER POSTAL CARDS — Dainty HAPPY HOOLIGAN IN ECO 10c
and pretty. Send one to your DOLLS IN BASKETS
friends. 3 for XOc, 5c each, ....lOe, 15c, 23c to ?1.5O
mRi% f <i O arwn prayfr rooks ah feather chicks . . .5c, lOc, 25c
BIBLES A^D PKATEKBOUKb — All i> M irvc iv hfctc n« •- v. ?
styles and sires and at lowest CHICKS I WESTS- oc. in basket^.
ROSALIES 1 ?. P .". C . C . S '. . 25c to $3.5O DECORATED PAPIER MACHE ECOt^
CAIVDY PANORAMA ECCS 5c
TTf* tn. 4 _ *>*L*% "We aim to clro you the most for your
ot -» -*-W to money.
HAIR RABBITS Visit our Book Department. Xo book to
25c 50c 75c and SI. 00 fc * had ?Isewhere at a lower price. Bear
PAAS EGG DYES «tc t h^ lotrest.
Knives, Razors and Shears Ground and Repaired.
Picture Frames of All Descriptions Made to Order.
PBAGEBS I PBAOSBS ! PBAGEBS \
Easter WeeK *Speeials»
Easter Cards. Shoe Specials.
• l JS LS *) TT^ON'T overlook these grand
WE have hundreds of new 0$& \m -^JSf <4$k I 3 opportunities for new Eas-
that never have been seen before. \Jh . jfto± W Q^ w $2.00— Women's all patent leather
' • , \ jSr ' ? ~\. „ ,^. C "^oxford ties, made on the new coin
Moderate Prices and a High M ,ALwAlS RELIABLE j toe last, hand-turned soles and
Grade of Novelties. | J& 1238- 1£5OIVIARKET STA %£ pa"r.
Greflt Sale of Women VSprittg Suits Millinery Specials.
and Skirts ContinuesT: i ¦¦ =======================,
H? HIS sale of new spring garments that were bought from a T T P T^ , EaSter^ W f ee^.
I an Eastern manufacturer whose client was forced to re- A LL the beautlful , millinery creations made for this season
¦. tire before the season began has been a wonderful sue- jt\ a . r / n . ow on dls P lav . and Jj»e most picturesque and beau-
cess. The one half price on all garments has made it popular. tlful imported hats as well as the simpler ones have been
The department has been crowded all week and every buyer has arranged into a long list of specials. ;^ ;
gone away thoroughly satisfied. Why don't you pay us a visit East f r S ? nda y 1S , onIv a we / k , he i ce ' when the mon . ths , of
and inspect the bargains? No time better than the present. careful P lanmn S will be rewarded. Every woman looks for-
The assortment is still complete. - ward to tms event, and we intend to assist our customers in
SUITS. every possible way to realize their fondest hopes by making the
¦ $ 14 «*>5 — Made of fancy mixtures, French voiles, etamines, chev- lowest consistent prices on stylish new millinery.
.°«J C - tC>: Et Zu' m5Htarv nd f short c . oat ¦?tyl«. There are all colors STREET HATS t and bow of pink satin ribbon,
and sizes. There are about 500 suits in the lot to select from. mi aa -e * . CO a A m , , #i ~
Worth "^ "t~- Fan^y straw street 92.00 — Blue and white Tuscan,
$18.75 and new and handsome suits received for hat, trimmeiTwith drape silk and trimmed in blue satin ribbon and
Easter. . AH' new and up-to-date styles in this assortment and all are .«__„ . , Wi" of the valley. Finished with
exclusive. The materials are French voiles, etamines, fancy mix- -9 1 - 48 — Rough straw street a fancy ruching of net.
tures, broadcloths, etc. All the newest shades, including champagne, «i -in r i • i t, 91.48 — Dainty little Tuscan,
French gray and royal blue. We also show an extra size suit at $19.75, ns t7 • j 5t u CCt * trimmed with daisies and white
made especially for large people. Sizes up to 50 bust measure. They "»c— Untrimmed shapes. sat j n ribbon. Also ten other
are worth $30.00 and $35.00. SKIRTS. loc— Rosebud foliage. sty les in this lot.
?4.85— Walking or dress skirts; regular or extra sizes. Worth CHILDREN'S HATS. . . 5Oc, 75c, 91.OO and 91.5O—
$7-5o regularly. We carry extra sizes up £0 40 waist measure. in all 92.CO — Fancy Tuscan, trimmed Sailors, trimmed m colored rib-
styles and do not charge any more than for regular sizes. with wreath of forget-me-nots bons.
Spring Wash Goods. Drapery Materials. Great Silk Sale. . New Dress Goods.
THE showing of wash 11 71 UCH attention has. been /^VUR farsightedness in se- HT* HE- cold weather has
goods. that is being J[yj| given to these house- I" I curing an immense 1 given a great stimulus to
made by this department furnishing, goods, and stock of silks is being heavy dress goods and
distinguishes this store as the to-day there is not a finer shown now. As we predicted, w< = are amply prepared to
leader in these lines: The va- stock at moderate prices to be silks are immensely popular meet all demands for new col-
nety is. increasing weekly and found anywhere. / .this season and there has been ors and weaves,
we are now showing prettier SWISSES. more call for them during the COLORED.
materials than ever. 1*> C a yard— 36-inch curtain i ast f ew weeks than at anv 43c a yard— Albatross; black
GINGHAMS. d ™s SSe cV 1CW csigns ' of stri P cs ' time fn years * Worth S oc..
a 11 6 £,nS y H ard ~i AprO K1 if^rn^ i o / DENIM ' ' 29c a yard-Cream wash silk 3 , «ngs:\,scrted combinaS "^
all standard colors— blue brown, 12 i^c a yard— Heavy, double- corded. ' 3Sc and «Oc a yard— Imported
pH . yard-Paris lawn fine .»-, piUow. etc. || "*& , '%£<&£%'¦«„* ?1.00 . French
ures, etc. All are fast colors. fin.shed at ends. - ¦ ¦¦ black and colored crepe de chine. black granite and basket weaves
Incomparable Prices. Boys' Confirmation Suits at
tifut » p^« jf> cf x if p Specially Low Prices.
"Mother's Friend" Shirts for Boys. _, WF — r-^ — — : — ,
; SI » ' I " HE prices we have marked on our entire stock of boys'
Whst fhp Hrpqf "'rinpff ' <s*U W^q In Mpn ThiQ 1 suits^that we imported specially for this season will cause
Wnaitne Ureat UlUett oaie Was tO Men, lnlS * people to wonder how we can afford to give such great.
IS tO BoyS. values. We can afford it because we have one M the best
T TTTC . . '. r ' t ..... mi x. \v. buying systems known. There -is not a lot of clothing manufac-
HIS is another one of those great specials that will be the tured that we do not hear of through our Eastern representa-
talk of the city. By-shrewd and fortunate buying,we se- tives, who are alive at all times to our demands for bargains We
cured an exceptionally large stock of Mothers .Friend have made some wonderful purchases since this store opened
shirts. . They are of the best quality and workmanship, but the and among them is this stock we are'offering for Easter week'
prices are what makes. them interesting. . . ?4.OO_Tw ? piece confirmation ?0.O0_Lon ff pants confirm-'
43c — "Mother's : Friend" shirts: 63c — Best grade of "Mother's suits, in cheviots, serges and un- tion suits, made of fine black
stiff bosoms: (also soft. The col- Friend" shirts- nearlv all eolfs finished worsteds.- Ajres 8 to 16 thibets. This is a dressy earment.
lar and cuffs attached.) All new rnena snirts, neany. au gous, ytZTSm Worth $5.09. For youths from 12 to 10 years,
effects in neat figures and stripes. pleated bosoms, solid colors : and $5.OO — Three-piece confirma- Regular $11.00 value.
The materials, are -fine percales - tr ;_. Thev are made of ' the tion suits; jacket, vest and -trou- 91O.OO— Long pants confirma-
and madras. These are the best "ripe .^ aney are jnaae or , tne sers , i n £ 11 wool unfinished wor- tion suits in black unfinished
shirts made for boys. . Regular 50c finest madras. All sizes, uy 2 steds; ages 10 to 16 years. Reg- worsteds, black clays and blue
and 75c shirts. : to 14. Worth $1.00 and $1.25.* ular $6.50 values." serges. Ages 12 to 10 years.
I ¦ . The Policy of This Store Has Not, Changed. The Usual Courtesies Will Continue- |1
I BOOKS YOU I
1 OUGHT TO HAVE. I
I S 7& have issued three publications which fl
1 W every trans-continental traveler eg
|j One is a 24-page booklet—'/ The Way Book 1
P of the Golden State Limited." It is really an M
U annotated time table, briefly describing the cities H
k and points of interest along the El Paso -Rock 1
\\ Island Route. H
|| The other book is called "The Golden State S
j| Limited." It contains 16 pages and is devoted H
ji almost entirely to a description of the train, i
$ which is, as everyone who has seen it knows, ||
r| the handsomest in the country. 0
[j The third publication is a folder "Across the 1
y Continent in a Tourist Sleeping Car." In it is a S
g map of the various tourist car lines operated by g
k the Rock Island System, as well as time tables 1
N and information as to the cars themselves. i
h AH three books are mailed free to any one B
[1 who will take the trouble to ask for them. pi
$ HuU^SMlMnlTl C A * RU . TH ERFORD, £1
ft« |i| JL>f/V| L pni J jf 1* I Dtcfrirf Pactrnrrr A »*«n* Di
sf I nim if'ffsyt- I l»/ii»J ILL * ¦tdcCIlL vl f\ ECU l. fe; \
M A»^1 1 n 1 1 (Plat 6*3 Market St.| San Francisco, f*»l- 13
' : utevclopim* /
\*T CUT PRICES /^
Tour negatives will be developed and
printed right if you let me do the work. I
know bow to do it. I'm properly equipped
for :t, and am doing the biggest business of
this kind en the coast. Besides I set tbe
I«ce ln low prices.
DEVELOPING.
p.o:i of «ix ir>c
Hoi! of twelve 15c
PRINTING.
Bolto finish 3e to Sc
Velox finlsb < 3c to «e
i;syllght leading films ln all popular
r'.res 'at ray usually low prices.
Order* by mall promptly filled.
That Man Pitts
<T. W. PITTS). THE STATIONER,
1008 MARKET STREET,
Above Powell. San Fraadseo.
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Cause*
perfect' digestion, complete absorption and
healthful regularity.
For the cure of all disorders of tbe Stomach.
Liver. Bowels. Kidneys, Bladder. Female Ir-
regularities. Sick Headache. Biliousness. Con-
stipation. Files and all derangements of the
Internal Viscera. ~ 25c a box. At druggists' or
ty milL - RADWAT & CO.. New Tork.
-f^k Every Woman
#w!m tototCTMted^ut 8t r^a al
¦ TO^$?vftUI MARVEL Whlrfiag Spray
VV-^WSVWI . TbenewWtoUSyrimi* ¦**&*>•
CrSi^L tion and Surfwm. B*rt— Saf-
-v^^.'Q *- i *"vr^ifiN^ ert— Mont Coirrenleni.
\t\\-r* nnot snpj>ly lisa Xl^f 'I' 7 ' 6&
HARVKL, accept no Tj^ ' '"jTr^il *-
other, bac Mind stamp for fl- • Vy /*ffik>
tnstnted book-«»l»d.lt b1t« \\ M 't M '
valuable to ladies. M.% KtKL CO..
TUcca BuUd.nz. N«W Tork. «X«3S^ r.FALLS FROM PORCH.— J. B. Vance. 614
Folsom street, t * 11 from a porch at his resi
dence yesterday and fractured his skull. He
was removed to the .Emergency Hospital. He
probably will dl»
WASHINGTON; March 26.— The Nary ! De
partment Is Informed that the cruiser Buffalo
and the torpedo-boat flotilla commanded by
lieutenant Chandler arrived at Colombo, Cey
lon, to-day on the way to Manila.
biuefs ¦_ "¦ ::V;;
SAN JOSE. March 28.— A. - J. Mullen, the
embezzling' Deputy Tax Collector, started for
San Quentin this mornlnir to serve three years,
lie was in charge of Under Sheriff Varcoe. .
SANTA CRUZ, March 26,— Robert
Eastley, a young athlete, broke his
right leg above the ankle yesterday
while practicing high jumping. .
Athlete Meets With an Accident.
WASHINGTON, D. C.,' March 26.—
The following postoffice order was
issued to-day: On April 1 the desig
nation of the hospital station of the
postottice at San Francisco will be
changed to Station No. 2 and the fa
cilities for receipt and dispatch of
mails will be discontinued.
Change by Postal Department.
Wishes to announce that her book of
knowledge, "Psychic Facts," published
by the Alliance Publishing Co. of N. Y
Is now pn sale at A. M. Robertson's." 126
Post st. •
Dr. Nellie Beiffhle
All cities, with few exceptions. -. trace
the origin of their plan to the inclosed
camp, and many still show marked
features of primitive fortifications. In
all early schemes for defense the in
closed square was considered the best.
From the time when wagons were
merely parked on the plain to the time
when buildings were constructed with
blank walls to the enemy and. their
facade to the open square. this plan
has been universally adopted; and
many of the great squares or market
places of famous cities still show un
deniable evidences of these precautions
for defense. In the old city of Brus
sels the square upon which faces its
wonderful City Hall is approached by
streets so narrow that they must sure
ly have been constructed with the idea
of defense in mind.
Were It possible to forecast the rapid
development of cities or to predict
which of our many cities is to become
a metropolis, the problem might not
be such a difficult one,* but such, un
fortunately. Is not the case. Even the
most vivid imagination would scarcely
have been able to predict the enormous
increase of population and the conse
quent architectural development, of
modern " cities. The rapid . growth of
American cities Is well-known, but few
i realize that the older cities of Europe
have had a similar experience. The
recent increase in Berlin has exceeded
that of Chicago, and what is true of
Berlin is true of many, other Euro
pean centers. It is then not surprising
to note that in Hanover, Hamburg,
Nuremberg, Leipslc, Leignltz, St. Jo
hann a Saar 1 and Madgeburg modern
municipal, buildings ;6f great impor
tance have recently been : . or are now
being constructed.— Exchange. ¦'¦ >
Can Be Traced Back In Most Instances
to the Inclosed «~v>
•V.cr;; v Camp.
HOW PliAXS OP'CITITES
HAD THEIR ORIGIN
LINCOLN. Neb.. March 2G. — TV. J. Bryan
has rone to New Haven, Conn. He came to
Jv'«bra«=ka several days ago for th« purpose of
fcuending a. political conference at Omaha.
A hard fight was made to get him
oft on the plea of self-defense and had
not Gratziano's 11-year-old son seen
the deed and been able to contradict
the testimony the murderer would
probably have gone free. The jury
stood two for murder in the first
degree and ten for manslaughter. It
held out for thirty hours, but finally
the two gave way and a verdict of
murder in the second degree was
brought in. The maximum penalty for
the crime is life imprisonment.
Luigi Orio, the Italian charged with
the murder of L. Gratziano, was con
victed of manslaughter this evening
by a jury after having been out about
thirty hours. Orio broke down and
created a scene In the courtroom
when the result of the jury's delibera
tion was communicated to him. The
two men had been friends, but quar
reled over money matters. An hour
or two later the same evening they
met again and Orio pulled a pistol and
shot Grataiano.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, March 26.
A meeting was held last night In
Vanghn & Keith's studio, 110 Geary
street H. G. Vaughn x presided , and
H. Schussler acted as secretary. The
entire frontage on Geary street, from
Kearny to Powell, was represented by
the owners and merchants and they
all agreed to pay their pro rata for
the. improvements. It was decided to
place forty-five arc lights along the
streets, which will make jthe thor
oughfare at night as bright as day.
These lights will burn until 2 o'clock
every morning, two hours after the
usual time for turning off arc lights.
The street Is to be repaved and the
sidewalks reconstructed. Bonnet's
band will give concerts every Satur
day in Union square, if permission can
be obtained from the Board of Su
pervisors. Progress is to be the
watchword of the club and every ef
fort will be put forth to make Geary
street one of the most attractive in
the shopping district.
Fully alive to competition and not
to be outdone by other sections of the
retail district, the progressive mer
chants and property owners who con
stitute the recently organized Geary
street Improvement Club, have deter
mined to take steps to increase their
business by needed improvements to
the street, better lighting facilities and
band concerts in Union square.
Company B, commanded by Captain
Abe Appleton, was the next to- perform
before the steadfast gaze of the judges.
Captain Appleton proved to be a great
leader and executed many movements
that had not been performed ' by his
predecessor. When the company was
dismissed the balcony applauded loudly.
Company C, the last to be called to
assemble, was composed of boys vary
ing from 11 to 13 or 14 years of age,
while the other companies were made
up of boys a little older. Those of the
balcony and even the austere Judges
could not suppress their smiles as the
tiny voices piped In answer to rollcall.
Captain William McLaughlin, how
ever, proved to the spectators that age
has little to do in making soldiers and
that youth is no detriment so far as
drilling is concerned.
After a long drill the small comman
der dismissed his small company and
awaited the decision of the judges. -'It
did not take them -long to decide, and
Colonel Bauer announced the fact that
Company C was victorious.
Colonel Bauer congratulated the re
spective officers for the work they had
achieved in the last year and praised
the men highly for their splendid drill
ing.
Captain George Morse of Company A
was the first to call his men to the
floor. For .fully half an hour he. put
them through the most difficult tac
tics without even having a break oc
cur in the lines. "°V ¦-
The three companies that constitute
the military department of the Colum
bia Park Boys' Club! together with the
brass band, fife and drum and hospital
corps* gave ah exhibition at the Page
street armory last night that would do
credit to. a well trained battalion of
regular infantrymen.
Hundreds of spectators thronged the
gallery and enthusiastically encouraged
the little boys in blue as they skilly
fully performed the most difficult tac
tics of the blue book.
The drill was given for the purpose
of awarding a decision and trophy to
the best drilled company, and army and
navy officers were chosen to decide the
question.
At a little after 8 o'clock the bat
talion, headed by the band and drum
corps, marched up the center of tha
long drill room and took its stand for
inspection. . . .
With their neat blue suits, brass but
tons, white gloves and tan leggins, the
little fellows were a pleasing sight, and'
the approval of the large audience was
manifested by loud and hearty ap
plause.
Lieutenant Colonel Koster, Colonel G.
W. Bauer, C. R. Alberger and several
officers of the Presidio, all in full'dresa
uniform, walked slowly back and forth
between the ranks. „ .
At the conclusion of the rigid inspec
tion the officers retreated to the Judges'
stand at the -far end of the hall and
awaited the first company. .
. ALAMEDA, March 26. — Julius J.
Konigshofer will arrive here to-mor
row with the body of his wife, who
died suddenly Thursday at Tucson,
Ariz., while visiting her daughter,
Mrs. Annie Goldbaum. The funeral
will be held Monday afternoon at 1:30
<©'clock from the Konigshofer resi
dence, 2137 Santa Clara avenue. In
terment will be private.
Bringing Home Body.
After Thirty Hours' Deliber
ation It Brings in a
Verdict of Manslaughter
Merchants and Property
Owners to Pave Thorough
fare and Fix Sidewalks
Three Companies Compete
for Honors Before Large
Gathering of Spectators
All Ready to Mourn.
Lucy is a smart young colored
woman who officiates as maid of all
work in a Brooklyn family. She is
much esteemed by her mistress and
the rest of the family and all take a
friendly interest in Lucy and her af
fairs. When on a recent "afternoon
out" she appeared in a complete suit
of mourning . several inquiries were
made with regard to her bereavement,
as she had said nothing about the re
cent death of any relative.
"How long have you been wearing
mourning, Lucy?" asked her mistress.
"Well, 'm, this is just the fust time
Ah's worn this yere suit, and it ain't
egzactly mohnin'."
**Not mourning!" wa3 the reply.
'Unless you were swathed in crape you
couldn't wear much deeper mourn
ing." .
"Yass'm, I know de color's all right
black enough, but Ah isn't really In
mohnin' yet, 'cause he isn't daid yet.
You see, Ah's "engaged ter marry Clar
rence Jones and he's daown right low
with, an oncurable disease. No'm,
cahn't possibly git better. An* seein'
as Ah had to hev a new dress Ah reck
ened Ah might Jest as well git mohnin'
right now, then Ah'd be sure to hev It
when Ah needed it."— Brooklyn Eagle.
What Will the Kaiser Say?
The Kaiser was at a theater in Ger
many the other day, and the manager
thought he would show what adequate
fire protection he had by dropping the
steel curtain.' Everything went all
right, with the possible exception of
the curtain, -which failed to work. It
is thought that the manager will • be
much pleased by the hearty words of
praise w-hjeh he may receive from th^
Emperor.— New York Tribune.
YOUTHS DRILL
FOR A TROPHY
* *
Scotland at the end of every year I
call all my men # up, and every ono
who can swear that he has not taken
a drink of liquor during the year gets
10 per cent added to his wagesl I find
that five-sixths of the men get the ad
ditional money.' "
Mr. Bailey suggested that perhaps \t
Mr. Carnegie set the example by ab
staining himself the other one-sixth
might abstain.— Chicago Tribune.
Art and Nature.
That the taste for art is increasingly
widespread .is indeed delightful, writes
Frederick Greenwood in "Country
Life," but again I say how much bet
ter It would be should a taste for na
ture break out among the wealthy of
all sorts and conditions! They are
very much alike, these tastes; the one
that Is least followed has no more ex
travagances than the other, it is not
less elevating, and there 19 no blas
phemy in adding that it is rather more
wholesome. Yes, and for mind and
body, too; and still there is the thought
of the depopulation of rural England
and its running into city wens, and the
much less chance there is of checking
that perilous mischief if the idler rich
do not go from out the city more often
to re-establish the country. — London
Globe.
Source of Patchouli.
Patchouli, known for its penetrating
odor, is derived from the leaves of th«
tropical herb, pogostemon patchouli.
The plant in its wild state Is found in
East India, but Is now al3o cultivated.
The supply oJ leaves for the perfume
industry comes mainly from Java and
different sections of the Malacca pen
insula; also from Cukol Island, sear
Singapore.— Exchange.
Carnegie and 'Temperance.
"While In Washington about a week
ago," said Joshua L. Bailey, "I met
Mr. Carnegie, who upon hearing that
I was connected with the National
Temperance Society said to me: 'That's
a splendid movement. I am not a total
abstainer myself, but on my estate In
JURY DECREES
OR I 0 IS GUILTY
WILL IMPROVE
GEARY STREET
ALAMEDA. March 26. — Edward
Ptahle, a barber, whose place of busi
ness is at 1547 Webster street and who
resides at 708 Pacific avenue, was
found in Oakland to-day, he having
jn3*steriously disappeared from here
three days ago. • Stahle's friends
thought -he had been foully dealt with,
but it developed that he went to the
tity across the estuary to celebrate his
Fixty-Sfth birthday and forgot where
he lived.
Lost Barber Is Found.
ALAMEDA, March 26. — Sanitary
Inspector E. C. Sfailott to-day fumi
gated the old clothing offered for sale
iit a rummage auction conducted by
the ladies of St. Agnes Guild of Christ
Episcopal Church. This was done in
compliance with a recent regulation
<sl the • Board of Health, which re
quires that all second-hand dresses
vJT^redat rummage sales must be first
thoroughly disinfected to lessen the
possibility of the spread of contagious
diseases from that source..
Fumigates Kanimage Goods.
' The cou.nty of San Joaquin com
prises the Eleventh Senatorial Dis
trict under the new apportionment. It
\v;.s formerly the Fifteenth Senatorial
District. There are indications of an
active contest for the Republican
nomination in this district. The lead
ing candidates are Assemblyman F. E
'Dunlap and the present Senator, A. E.
Muenter. Both have had ample legis
lative training:. Dunlap was Speaker
pro tern, of the Thirty-third session
.fftid chairman of the Ways and Means
tommittee of the last session of the
Legislature.
: The biennial convention of the State
League of Republican Clubs at Sacra
mento on May 16 and 17 will assemble
.a legion of party workers and a full
complement of orators. The president
of the. league. Lieutenant Governor
Aldeir Anderson, is assured that large
delegations from the southern portion
tff the. State will attend the conven
•tio;i.
\. Reports come from Los Angeles
to the effect that Speaker Pro
Tern. Henry E. Carter will re
ceive Republican indorsement for
tfae State Senatorship in the
district now represented by Senator
Fred M. Smith. Los Angeles gains
two Senators in the new apportion
ment- H. A. Broughton is in the field
As a Republican aspirant for a seat
In the State Senate.
There is considerable gossip in po
litical circles to the effect that Dun
ran E. McKinlay stands an excellent
chance for receiving the Repuhjican
Congressional nomination in the Sec
ond District. Prospects of Republican
victory in the district are very bright.
Under the new apportionment of
.representation in the Legislature Ala
jneda County gains a State Senator.
¦It Is re'ported that John G. Mattos will
ftt the- Republican nomination in the
new district.
State Senators Thomas Flint of San
Benito, Joseph R. Knowland of Ala
meda, \V. C. Ralston of Calaveras, C.
W. Pendleton of Los Angeles, Clifford
Coggins of Shasta and Assemblyman
Frank E. Dunlap of San Joaquln were
In the city yesterday. Colonel E. A.
Forbes of Yuba, State Printer W. W.
Shannon of Sacramento and W. P.
Hammon of Butte were also In town.
Btnator Knowland returned from Sac
ramento Friday evening. Xext week
he will go to Los Angeles and San
Diego.
Frank E. Dunlap and A. E.
, Mueuter Willing to Kepre
; st'iit San Joaquin in Senate
LEGISLATIVE ASPIRANTS
Republicans Expect to Re
.gairi Lost Ground in Sec
ond Congressional District
PARTY FORCES
FORM IN LINE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL",, SUNDAY, MARCH 27, -1901.
29
JOE ROSENBERG'S. : "| JOE ROSENBERG'S. { JOE, ROSENBERG'S. | JOE ROSENBERG'S. illllife JOU ROSENBERG'S. J JOE ROSENBERG'S.
I The proof of the pnddta, I. 1» «h. * H
O you <=^o thes? you will appreciate the eatlasr. Wliy not inspect some of our . . I H^^~^^^pl^^S^^^^Vtf^!?3SS!%5^^-^' i=S*^J^^S^^?5:-r l\
H low price ...S3. -IS Easter novelties in ritbonsr ... . ,' ¦. -. }&~^BBBSSmi& tJ
I The Few Collar, the Hew Shaps ' Your Gloves Are Seen' From Afar ; C^C^C^C^^:^) V? X^^^^^PBft^^^l^^L^ I
13 And the aew price that is balf price. see that they are worth seeing". Here 4"% f t*fZ3Tf+' <Q> P» ¦ M^sL -. o m _/Vi 1 ''••>^ j^\: >^^ ~> U
B COLLAP. and TAB. made of Point are some of the perfect-fitting kind. V^HPBr.^'^ 1^ *_-" BX f^ W l-VrP^r*|J^-^ P.fj' jfc^l '"'"¦'^ 1 ' i_i -"^^^S^mBBBiE^L . If
M Venice laco; in scroll and flower do- _^ j^ LADIES' OPEN- 0^^. a^ U^ -^ ¦ ¦ W*PCr"Cy^gg«L ¦; K
I urns s$&r?? : *?:n£ n^=-^ «|h %£^ w . „*« v ».« no vaca.= le . QR r A r3^5?r^^W^i/^^®^^^S^S < I
Is 10c Instead of 25c - <las p- fancy om - our assortment - . • . * — \ w^-'-^H *^^7^aB^WA^T^\ M
p *\ ladies' collar KSfSSi whSt^fee 8iif ™f' y™u° ft To Those Who Are Having a New wo catch-penny mathod * the f**. V_J ' r>^V^f^:^^#^^^t^ fl
I %§£m. ffiis sf^wS^^: rs e 1 .^ Easter Hat c i tt .7\ h . F .„. TTn^ TOO3r9 (^^lw«i TWmmfm rtsP 1
I m$€0 c Ko3 FownP'. Fn« Gloves =„.«.*». *™tin«. w. ta *. j«t W&at AW Kn ted Underwear? f M
tj "toss stitch and Bui- rOfiDC b LllgllbD - UlOVeb received from fashion's center That'i our specialty. Goods are all '( Mf / \ M
P carian effects. In black, pink, blue and (The genuine kind.) j±. of the world. advancinsr. »ot so here. We sell ' '^YlsX 'U,f W/W i\
H red. Very chic and very low in price Ma.le of sueCo lisle, with two pat- Ja^S| ' THE ALMA MATER. them at the old prices until our . ' *J I -U\i P-
M A set IOC ent c i aS p S stitched back; in cham- f«m9L VEIL — For . hat drapes or quantity is exhausted. silk. chiiTon or maline ro«ette« tied I I . Hr-Sg^ 5^^^*^ \\
II . . _ „ jiasne. mode, tan. black and white; V^^iix beautifying. 54 inches long CHILDREN'S COMBINATION free by experts. V X^EZ*^ — ~7%^y Z\
t\ "RO^PnH undressed ki.l in fit and looks, but > ' V •'*5Vi nnd ] , 8 inches wide. chenilU: SUITS— The celebrated Mentor make. . Z</ / X
F4 livjuuu go . ce 7J5 y^oEs d0 " ed S| d b0I L der - ln High neck, long sleeves, ankle length. Wnjio To Cnmo Profitable Rfiadilll /P^^^T i£&Zc!&Z>>
H LADIES 1 COLLAR AND TAB— Made 'A&&&W criss-cross, spider-web, Tux- open down the front, and drop seat; DC1C " " umc HUUlttUlu ncaUill 0 J^^^^^
I of extra heavy butcher linen, with . "PprfprtiftTl" ' &$$<?¦ odo aml com P lexi on net. Why made of Jersey knit wool-finished yarn, f n « Vnn f/_r-'SZ'^ = ' —
|1 hemstitched overcollar. tabs finished roilCUllull WSW>» not have one of these for medium weight; in gray or white; kid- *<« 1UU *—
[1 with pearl buttons. When you see (Queen of all kid grieves.) >'°y r new Easter hat? Price fitting and seamless. All sizes 5Oc a drummer'* aampla
3 fn°r U W ° UM nCVer eXPCCt '» ' o Made of picked French kid. over- ' Oc LADIES' VESTS — High fo £&. G&. line of l^DXES- We don't advertla. an or one-half et
m them for — >c scam stitehins and three rows of Whir Vnt MoVn Anfl ftf tha ff™ To jft npek and long sleeve; made «®^M^S© HOS1E3T that our special attractions. Quantity wont
13 ,*. a ,,. ,. fancv silk stitching on the back: in llflY HOI MaKC UDe 01 Ifle l\VR LI VO'J55 of Australian wool-finished j§} &£x\\ wiU toe sold at warrant it.
H 4££££$&k Olieen A ICe tan. mode. navy, black and white; r», nn « Tnnnnt P ft n«, n 0 T$Wr' yarn, medium weight. PANTS B3 JbB ,,,^j} ¦» unusually
I JPBlil c* \ r«L fitted and warranted. Price.. 31.50 FranCC COFSet tOYfirS ? WW to match. French band, ankle « W 1 low price. Jq^q \ Jjj^jj gg^
\Wm --lit, Sim Waists Are in Greater Demand W" f H £t«« 1/ Loom
1 IP liCMMS Than Ever. ««S: .^ S « W i» SA rt «• SSS.-S
I W Vi k^blue « Our assortment is com- S "oeau^in/Tun 0 Kfgh^'the ankle "fnffl.' butS fffr cy colors, but mo^ail'fSt black; i» K child can work thenf
I VV'v At t'he Price CuTfeJ-s plete and V our prices" are broidery ........... ... A yard 50c across the shoulders, seamless WJ lisle, cotton. English thread and mer- ig» belts. ctain». fobs and
t! At the Price Cut . l , e^ dLjZh the lowest in 'Frisco. urui^ ry ; ' ra ouc ( and glove-fitting; made of 70 Kjf cerized: no better finished or fitting /*& other useful articles can be
II - ot I Here is one of our proofs. we Are Continually Harpln? About Our P er cent wool, jersey knit. In U,/ made than these. Economical women. made on them. friee.._oC
H ,. ni . ,, „ „ , m , fe§j33H Made of heavy India silk. n . , gray and ecru. Real worth Ml fail not to look at these: Quality first. low price* next. f
l\ "GlariSSe Collar and Tab Mmm_ tucked front and back! COrSetS I $1.00. Monday and Tuesday. . \j 20-cent Hoae. now 1 r.o
I In checked pique and openwork fag- /jfTjl tonTtancy^llar Sik • And We Are Ju.tined In Doinjr So. ' VEST^Made^of pure 5|tSt Moll' now I'-Sc UmbreUaS Priced LOW
1 wmf Veh'et buuons CU Our a p S ri Ce 63 0 million- trimmed; new- ft We keep such celebrat- Ve^sS? high^Jctlnd long sleeves! Eo^SSt Host vSiti^l^C /?S&&/h Too many on hand for
B w,t.i \el\ a buttons. Our rnce.. ..,c *W M+r e st pouch sleeve. Our jyTO'l ed makes as Nemo. La swisa ribbed. TIGHTS to match, jer- '•V^GcKW this tlm? of th « year,
tl ii7 n -«-«)» PaT1«- *~A m«K ->- — o r^^rffti i i m-. (jrcc '5 i;e and sey fitting tops and ankle length. In n_- fhildFATl'? Rn<;iorV T^X Ladies' or CJcrjtV: made
M "Zarona Collar ana Tab . , _ ._, _ JU . - kwS R0J 3 1 a^ rtrc , 03 I t f er - ,Y e pink. wue. wwte and wack. pnee.. unr tmiurens nobisry //.a wlth stcol rod . and frame
[1 Trimmed with Cluny lace Insertion InSpeCt SOIUe Of TheSe HandfeeFClliefS WM | . tTn J t^e nard^to'flt 0 ' * 1 * O ° Is different from other.. Wl« covered with Italiaa
sa-srastas. s^^y^^sra. S^sy H «a»™ s^ Bnt ssl.'sjss Aus. wear &j*&a we jnsn jm m M M , 0n8 of mesa
I Direct From Our Own Machines Are 4 Cli €i4f^HZe P~\- s &£' l^ s^ Ss:S&jSr:& -^ i Anto Yel^ ?
I TheSe White PettiCOatS Sirrow C heSs a tUch2 "^"h^doSrif me?ft?yo V unTor a oW.Ttc a uror t ?hin5S \ I \ French biSd.ind trfmmji WhV M Trrt flnft Of TheSB COrSet FACE PROTECTOR and BEAUTT-
H x .r hv _ nt w_ VA narrow nemstucneu. »!.«'> a aozen. wearers of these Corsets are always i J K 'iu with a three-inch wide llllj flUl UCl UUD Ul U1G30 vuiaci FIER. Made of all-silk French chif-
I/gr -,os^a-*~'1 one for ™r rpvpc ' 'wi vnvTOrnTrS!.*}'? stylish. Why not have your Easter crocheted lace. No ironing ni.- - t) fon. IS Inches wide, ln chenille and
E ('&- *$%P Q%3*cj n'pw vaster ? t >, HA^ D 1 I > E ? < r < HIEF^ M ? de gown fitted over one of those to Rive or starching. Easily tldbpb I fmhruidered dotted: in blue, brown.
tg'//l;^ra drp^s- Mafio of M«n^hSSfi? «i n oi £ a un , 8Uei you a perfect flgrure in your new East- *%"»* washed. All sizes.. l».-5c Made of whipped white and black. Price them else-
gSSfcsgSgSf^S n/w York miirs o? hemstitched. S1.23fc dozen. er dress?. Price 81.50 ". , ,„ .„ „ , \4*44/T* "Tl steel. It Is hand where and you will find what thai
Igjgp p°H^ or «.^^w.««,V; M A r«^r Pedestrians or Athletic WomeD ,|*S,S£ ! «'-g^ M#jl -—"^•"¦•°-^£ S
$M%£W '";y'r'"'>'"f Wanted 1000 Women a vfS&a'g&gnS tZ^nr&fSJPtfti&SX l^f-^^l gffi^HS %4 Yon ire One!!
Mx as? l£ ;S i Ik *«"«« i Careful Inspection SS/^F c & l KSte W Ss^'JK'Ci- 1^ [
L\DIES- whitp ; ¦PFTTirOAT » Pric^ a ™S %.'. ., - stock we have marked our rtrle and loWDrice Why not have a perfect fitting and (Jt Price Cutter's. Why not have I
SS^SS^^^S^SH Xh Pr Br:ACK--TAFFE^ 'iVl. . '^. .'.*. . E . Here is"^ Smp" of c'r way of g-g^ftK c'SS.?. Vir™ the best for the least price. . 5c H
umbrella style, trimmed with em- Q?3\\ RIBBON" Full 3 inches o—.^j selling them- xnese. nune rnce muer a >ll V _ +.. ... ¦**%.*+%, M
aSSESSSn^Srs: SSSS^mS^mM Bachelors, Attention! A ™>- R^gglJWSS^ inst In Time for Easter * ott *™^o£ u ££~\ A "'"- 1
"n-t TJ! TT L "»"«"< « h . p "«. a woS h d: .,. yQ i 2 l 4 u e 1 ¦ uffl3f«S.J?^SS?SS{SSfiS: b £ h 2l; tli * •« — «• «» J^- fl m c »' 5r '» r *>" lesser 9
Prettier anfl Prettier GrOW TheSfi ALL-SII^K SATIN* RIBBON — Sash ing needles and bodkins and jet-headed vour Easter dress or waist trimming. A' BACK COMB, mace Here is a SCARF. 17 Inches wide II
fiCUlU ttUU flClllOl Uiun 1UC3C ribbon width. Extra fine luster; the toilet pfns. all for 5 C Price A yard Sl.OO El of extra heavy tortoise. and 50 Inches long, with four rows of IJ
SWPStffN OF RlflTl^P^ soft kin<1 tllat '•*» easily tied: wash- • . /wK^A w «t» p.am and fancy Battenberg- Insertion, and hemstitched I!
oncaiCIi Ul DIUUiCi able In plnfc> bIno nranRe cardinal. P^f PHT^.* 0 ??' highly *?}' border all arounth No boasting here. |4
C a Made of fancy knitted Mark or white. Instead of 40 cents, a PS /35y fgga P^ #% j0fe pofl G& nin\ a* TUC fiG 3i?3 Isned tefth. snug tit- but j t will b^- a lor.s time before you C|
*^^T steam shrunk yarn, deep limited quantity will be sold for i7c fl H fil M^ i I 1 S «l. L Kl O i_ 1 fi I " ¦ "t Wt ?1^f 6 ' i r^ ln we if J? *; can equal these at 50c i*
rT^K J?lo.ssom sleeves'; buttoned 40r> Incfpart nf 9flp H E hi B_ Hn H B -« U HS HH H H» 11 DDIPC PUTTED LADIES' SIDE v, ( . i Di^Pftn?^ JPf} VVT\P t\
it -VX down the front with hard iLK > iUalCdU Ul ZUU |j| MUSk & I O |J EL B IT Uf I. , § 3 3JI I Kl UL"uU I 1 tK *^^» COMBS. The shaped tf&S&^&s* h ViawtUldj,ca rUfiC H
I'^xb* enameled buttons: in green. LADIES' or GENTS' DRESSING n E3 I W W "•WVBBIHEB'bbbiw W kind r i g ht and left; Will deceive comfort i\
L^j red> b!;tck ail<J white; price COMB — Made of .superior quality of H B E If H ¦¦' ¦' n . made of Italian shell, with highly &A>.\*2SS> V here. Especially wa-n Z\
Ili2 th<rim elsewhere and you rubber, fully S inches lonp. fin.' and S&JjJ \kjsr PL 816 Market StfGet II 0 rQITell StfCCL polished teeth. Very chic, and you K^v* 5 **^ you can buy a cabinet B
'••*-'« will soe how reasonable we coarse teeth, extra heavy back. Our BSB "'" ' IUI rvv< - °'' 1 VVI " v "' "" w will surely appreciate the price when «¦; s packages of assort- M
sell. Ourprice ....ga.»S price 12 C , j ILATL OBDEBS SOLICITED. you see them at..., Ii5c a pair ed hairpins for Se g
EASTER HATS.
A Full Page of Photographs
Showing the Very Latest
Fashions in Millinery.- ;/;";.']
> EASTER EDITION.
NEXT SUNDAY GAUL.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Cures Grip and
Prevents Pneumonia.
If you have Influenza, Catarrh,
Pains and Soreness in the Head
or Chest, Cough, Sore Throat,
General- Prostration and Fever
or any of these, then Dr. Hum-
phreys' "77" will cure you
quicker and better than any
known remedy. •
Because it cures by going di-
rectly to the spot.'
Because of its tonicity.
Because a cure by "77" is so
certain that the mind is relieved
from fear of impending danger.-
Jubilee Book. Mailed Free.
At Druggists'. 25 cents, or. mailed. I
, Humphreys* Med. Co., Cor. ' William & John
Streets. New York. . ,- •
GBAFE-NUTS.
DOCTOR DID IT.
Put on 36 lbs by Food.
Food a physician back to health and
lie pains an experience that he can use
to benefit other*. For this reason
Grar>e-Nuts food is daily recommended
%o patients by hundreds of physicians
Avho.have cured themselves of stomach
irc/uble. One doctor says:
'"Although a physician and trying to
' e.id and assist my fellow beings to
enjoy good health. It must be admitted
I formerly did not enjoy the best of
; health' myself. ' In Januan'. 1S99, I only
.weighed 11J* pounds. At this time I was
• living, in the Ohio Valley and began to
think I had about Been my best days.
.One. day. about three years ago, I had
an opportunity to try Grape-Nuts food
. for my breakfast. I liked it «o well
-that I ate three teaspoonfuls three,
times a' day and have regularly, used
It no to the present time, and I now
.-¦n-eigh 155, a gain of 36 pounds, and en-
joy the best of health.
"Not only has Grape-Nuts made this
¦xvondcrful change in me, but through
.It. I have helped ray friends, relatives
and patients. The sustaining power of
•this food is gimply -wonderful.
• "I have one patient who is a section
hand on the C. & O. R. R. who eats
nothing in the morning but four table-
-Fpoo-nfuls of Grape-Xuts and yet does
bis very hard work up to lunch time
¦ and enjoys the best of health and
strength.
• "I could name a great many cases
"like this and I still prescribe Grape-
-.JCuts in my practice every day." Name
given bv Postum Co., Battle Creek,
Mich.
. Ask any physician about the scien-
tific principles on which Grape-Nuts
. fr>od Is made. He'll tell you the prin-
ciples are perfect.
Then a ten days* trial proves that
' the principles are carried out in the
.food ("all the good of the grains so
treated that any one can digest it all").
Shown in renewed physical strength
•and brain energy.
: "There's a reason." .*;.".-
• " L>ook ln each pkg. for the famous
HUle book, "The Road to Wellville."
A sunny room, a light and
airy apartment, make life
north living.
There are many sucii rooms
antl apartments advertised ln
ROOMS TO LET ami APART-
. MEXT-IIOrSK columns.
ASVEBTISEMZHTS.
|||p§^ The shoes that 6re
'?mjl!&?i worn by'the best
i^^^ 'women in the fessdin^ cities \fMj&:
are designed by SOROSiS*
;|^^^ We are now showing the J^^^
SOROSIS SHOE PARLOR ROYAL SHOE CO. '
216 Post St 50 Third St;
"Send for Latest Catalogue.An Indian paper reports that the
drug cocaine has laid such a hold on
the natives of India that the author
ities are making strenuous efforts to
prevent its unrestricted distribution.
"Within the last few -weeks a shipment
of cocaine worth a lakh of •: rupees
(£6,666) was shipped to Calcutta, and
the Excise Department Intervened.
India's New Vice.
HALFBREED&-A. R, Seven-Mil,
House. El Dora»lf> County. Cal In C-iI-
! f nd ni £J!!. e child « n of * whi'to father
and Indian mother are called half
breeds There are occasional instances
v . fv, men mar J yln » Indian women
but thia department does not know of
'any nation composed of white men
and Indian women exclusively."
Among .the Danes, Norwegians and
Finns women' are employed as sailors
and prove themselves to.be expert mar
iners. In the smaller" sailing .ships
when there Is a woman on board'
whether she be the wife of the skipper
or the stewardess, she, is expected to
take her turn at. the ordinary work of
the sailor, not even excluding the du
ties of the man at the wheel or of the
night watch. Denmark employs sev
eral women as State officials at sea.
Experienced, captains assert that the
women make excellent sailors, and are
equal to most seamen in dexterity arid
power of endurance.— St. James Gaz
etta>> ¦ - ¦-- ... - —^_ •-:
. . ¦ :
Women as Sailors!
RT-SSIAN RIVER— Subscriber Citv
Russian River was so named in the*
early days from the fact that In 181»
a number of Russians workin*- in th"^
Interests of the Russian-American Fur
Company, settled near Bodega Bav. on
the bank of a river. For th»nam!-,~
of Russian Hill see this deJartmeS la
The Call, January 26, 1904.
THE PHILIPPINES— S., City. It is
asserted that only about one-ninth of
the surface of the Philippine Islands i 3
under cultivation. It has been esti
mated that in view of the fertility of
the soil, even after deducting the
mountainous area, with cultivation ex
tended, the islands can support a dodu
lation of 42.000.000. P PU
A curious Instance of the care and
minuteness with which the human body
is now studied, in the effort better to
understand its powers and functions.
Is furnished by a paper read recently
at a meeting of the Royal Society iu
London 'on the "Rapidity of the Nerv
ous Impulse in Tall and Short Individ
uals." Even the difference in time re
quired for a "nerve telegram" to tra
verse the bodies of different people is
regarded as a matter of scientific im
portance. ~ A series of observations has
shown that the length of the nerve
does affect the velocity with which
an impulse passes between the brain
and the extremities, and consequently
that more time is needed if the path
is long than if it is short. It follows
that a short man should feel a step on
his corns quicker than a tall man, but
the difference is so slight that the of
fender has.no better chance of escape
in one than in the other.
Nerve Timing.
CIGAR BOXES— Subscriber, Los Ba
nos, Cal. Havana cigar boxes are made
of Barbadoes cedar, a native of the
West Indies and of the warm parts of
America. Such wood is obtainable from
any dealer in fancy woods.
WE regret td note the existence of some doubt;
about the Agricultural Department being able
to secure the fifty acres of land required at
Chico for the proposed agricultural and horticultural ex-:
periment station. This matter should be attended to at
once. The matter, is of too much importance to permit
a failure. * j
The. selection of the Sacramento Valley for such an
important plant slfould impress the people of the Whole
valley. The matter of location was long and carefully
considered. Experts in climate, soils and all the require
ments of such a station made careful and scientific ex
amination. The purpose was to find a location friendly
to the greatest possible variety of useful plant life.
Nothing of greater significance has occurred in the his
tory of that great and splendid valley than its selection
as the spot most favored by nature. How.sordid would
be the outcome if the plan should fail through the greed
or indifference of the people! ;
The. Sacramento Valley Improvement Association can
have no more important business on hand just now than
seeing that there is no failure. The State Board of
Trade would seem to have' a duty in. the premises. Jts
president, General Chipman, is a- large planter in the val
ley. Its leading director, Mr. W. H. Mills, was long and
usefully identified with that fertile region, and surely his
interest has not lapsed.
.The whole State wants this station ¦;¦ where it will do
the most good to agriculture and horticulture. It is a
happy conjunction that the department decides -that it'
should go where.there is most need. of the impulse it/will
pve to cverx interest related to the soil; \\Ve appeal, di-
THE CHICO STATION.
GOVERNMENT LAND— Subscriber.
City. For information relative to Gov
ernment land In the State of Nevada
that may be opened to settlers address
letter of inquiry to the General Land
Office, Washington, D. C.
The Board of Public Works, wise in its consideration
of municipal betterments, has decided upon the necessity
of improving the Cijy Hall. Can it be possible that the
venerable pile is to be razed and removed from our
sight? An intelligent imagination fails to conceive of
any other scheme of improvement for the structured '
Anszvers to Queries.
FEBRUART-oTa? Oakland. Cal. At
no time in the past ten years has there
been "a month of February -with only
twenty-seven days." j
I got a Christmas package, . . -
It was a costly gift; "*'*¦
Indeed, that Christmas package -<
Was all that I could lift. -
I did not get that package
All at a single store; . •
That package I collected
At fifteen shops or more. ., '
I carried home that package
And rang the front door belli ,
Jly wife beheld that package.
But did not greet it well.
She gazed upon that package
And icily she said,
"Where did you get that package?
You monster, go to bed.
-i-Nome News.
His Package* -
MARCH has been an- unpleasant month in Cali
fornia. It is not a pleasant month anywhere
in the world. ,Here its unpleasantness is by
contrast with other months. Our March weather would
set pastern people bragging about their, climate, if they'
could have it. While our March is a brawling, blusterr
ing month, with rain, which we need, it is not the cold
breakup of winter,*" for we have no winter to break. It
is a month of verdure and 'outdoor flowers, with no
frozen ground nor zero temperature.
.The contrast between it and the Eastern March is
great. The Eastern people are just getting 'over their
frost bites and chilblains, when the cyclones come along
and complete the cure by killing the patients. From
the gulf States to the lakes, whirling winds are x besom
ing town and country, and lightning is destroying life
and property. It is hard luck to tote wood and coal
all winter to keep from freezing to death, only to be
blown into giblets or struck by lightning in the" spring.
iYet that is the luck of our friends in the East. Those
.who escape now will, in about three months, be exposed
to sunstroke, and in August will be running to cover
chased by mad. dogs.
, March has cut up in California, and acted the bull
in the china shop of our climate. But through it all
the roles have bloomed, the violets have scented the
rude winds and the palms have flaunted their defiant
fronds. Our outdoor gardens have continued their pro
duction'of tender vegetables and the orange trees have
bloomed in the latitude of Chicago, as have the almond3
and cherries. Fresh asparagus as big as ; corn stalks is
in the markets, with-new " potatoes and green peas.
Our minimum temperatures? run from 44 at Cloverdale,
in the northern citrus.belt, to 40 at Los Angeles, in the
southern citrus belt, and from 42 at San Francisco to
48"at San Diego— chilly, but not freezing, and the lowest
of the winter.
This State is a jnercy scat for Eastern folk, who
mope" by . a red hot stove all winter and sleep in a
cyclone cellar all summer. v We have neither 'sunstroke'
nor mad dogs, and even tramps enjoy comforts that,
would be called luxuries in the East. Our earthquakes
are' no harder than those : of New England, and as they
are more. frequent we get used to them, and really miss
them when they take a vacation. Our best immigVa
tion.agent is our climate, and even f om\ March weather
'could 80 business in4hat;line.among a people -to whom
March is, a terror, with' all of the mean traits' of both
winter and spring}. -.-----.,— " .¦¦ -. ;>^>
EASTERN WEATHER.
General Kuropatkln's hold over men
Is due to the fact that he has a reputa
tion for absolute fearlessness. Five
years ago h* received the Information
that the great powder magazine at St.
Petersburg and that at Toulon/ were to
be blown up within twenty-four hours.
The general was In bed when he heard
the news, but he at once got up and
started for St. Petersburg without los
ing 1 a moment. He summoned all the
staff of the magazine and went on a
round of Inspection. He found every
thing in order and as a proof of his
satisfaction ordered every one In the
magazine to take three days' holiday
and to leave at once. He then col
lected a new garrison and a new staff
and set a ring of sentries all round
the magazine. The consequence waa
that nothing: happened to the St. Pet
ersburg magazine, but that at Toulon
was blown up the next day. — Vanity
Fair.
r A Masterful Leader.
'A' well-known mining man of San
Francisco who has a country home in
San Mateo County is the father of a
five-and-a-half-year-old girl who Is as
"sharp as a steel trap."
A few day3 since, the father -was
about to leave home for the city when
his wife, in the presence of the child,
asked her husband for some money.
The mining man slowly put his hand in
his pocket and, taking therefrom a half
dollar, remarked "Darling, that's all
I've got just now."
The mother pouted, looked displeased
and was about to say something when
the little one, looking up Into her
mother's face, said: "Mamma, Jf you
didn't go to that whist club so often
you wouldn't have to ask papa for
money."
The husband patted the little girl on
the head and gave his wife a glance
that meant "didn't I tell you to keep
away from the club," while there was
a look of supreme satisfaction on his
countenance. But that soon faded away
when he heard the child say: "Now,
papa, if you : didn't smoke so many
two-bit cigars you'd have money to
give mamma when she needs It."
It was then the mother's turn to
smile.
Her 'Advice.
. Others came to his assistance and
the submerged one was rescued, with
his costume sadly bedraggled. He waa
safe, but the show had to be taken to
the shop for repairs. The play will be
repeated. It was so succcessful, but
Mr. Riordan says he will sit on the
floor next time.
"Where are you. Barney?" said he.
"In the tub; where did you thinlc
I was — on the roof? Give me your
hand."
A' story of disastrous amat?urt
theatricals In the burg of MiUburn,
X. J., la printed in the New TorK
Tribune without comment. This is Its
One of the actors in an amateur
play, "The Lone Fisherman," at a
church entertainment here last night,
nearly met with a watery death In the
most thrilling part of the drama. Hi«
involuntary "turn'* proved to be the.
hit of the evening.
When the curtain arose Mr. Rlordan,
was discovered sitting on a "rock" that
jutted out on the bank of the "ocean."
The bank was homemade and It/ was
not long before there was a landslide
and Mr. Rlordan was precipitated into
the "ocean" just as he was uttering
some of his most soulful sentiments.
There was a prodigious splash as Mr.
Riordan took to the water and a mild
panic among the audience. For a mo
ment nothing could be seen but a few
faint bubbles rising from the depths.
The stage manager came to the edge
of the "ocean" and gazed into tha
depths.
The Lone Fisherman*
WITHIN the coming summer the wonders of the
Big Basin Park, in Santa Cruz County, the new
pleasure ground that has been provided by the
State of California, will bedome known, through per
sonal observation, to thousands of Calif ornians. The
State's commissioners, who are empowered to provide
rules and regulations, have determined upon certain safe
guards against fire, that the giant sempervirens tree3
may be entirely safe. Selected sites are designated for
campers and there will be no camps at any unauthorized
place in the basin. By this provision it will be possible*
for the park warden to keep watch on all fires that are
started. No fires will be permitted except at particular
spots. The safety of the trees Is the first consideration.
The State has appropriated a large sum of money that
they may be. preserved and that is naturally the first care
of the commissioners.
The entire Big Basin Park* will now be opened for
summer occupation by whoever desires to summer there
in. The announcement in this regard will awaken inter
est far beyond the borders of California, and among
those who will camp in the shadows of the immemorial
trees will be wanderers and sight-seers from many lands.
In this aspect the Big Basin Park will advertise this
State and will be another certain lure to draw within the
borders of California many very desirable persons.
Botanists say that some of the sempervirens. trees now
growing in the Big Basin are 4000 years old. They were
growing in the days of the Pharaohs, gaining strength
from the climate /and from the abundance of water for
their roots which the configuration of the Big Basin as
sured. Century after century "their stature has in
creased. To them lovers of nature, the tourist, the art
ist, the student/a^nd men, women and children in search
of a wholesome- outing amid congenial surroundings,
may resort. Their broad arms and generous shade will
give welcome to all, classes and conditions of men,
women and children, all of whom may be refreshed and
invigorated:
The commissioners for the park have several ideas for
the general improvement of the new pleasure ground.
There are streams of good size that flow through the
wooded area. Among. these are the east and west forks
of the Waddell creek. It is proposed by the commis
sioners to make slackwater in one or more of the streams
this season by damming the flow at convenient places.
This device will result in giving sufficient depth for ca
noes or other small boats of very light draft to float up
and down for some distance. The courses of the 'sinuous
creeks, so to be enhanced in volume, lie under the shad
ows of the sempervirens. . There one may drift and
dream and build "castles in Spain" or elsewhere and be
conscious of surroundings that antedate the governmen
tal forms and customs of any nation of earth.
Santa Cruz County has already taken cognizance of
the need of direct communication by carriage roads on
an easy grade with the Big Basin Park. One favorite
drive for visitors to Santa Cruz will be the Big Basin.
Other roads will be constructed into the basin. Santa
Clara County will undoubtedly provide its own means
of getting to the basin by private conveyance from San
Jose and other points. Certain Santa Cruz County
papers arc advocating the construction of an electric road
from the city of Santa Cruz to the basin.
•f.. *8*
with the result that the cocaine had
to be sent back to England.
¦ The results of taking cocaine regular
ly for any length of time are dreadful.
The immediate effect is a delightful
feeling of languor;, the ultimate effect
Is the ruin of mind and body.
In Europe and America the drus la
usually taken by injection, but tha
Indian has found another method.
"Pan supari" was already an Institu
tion. "Pan supari" waa a kind of na
tive chewing gum. -It consisted of a.
leaf smeared, with lime and rubbed
with areca nut, cloves and various
aromatlcs. Then the native added co
caine, and found "Pan supari" an ex
cellent means of taking the drug.
The abuse of cocaine by the natives
grew to such an afarxning extent that
two years ago a measure was intro
duced prohibiting the sale except by 11-.
censed persons. Native offenders
against the law have been prosecuted
In large numbers.
UNDER IMMEMORIAL TREES.
. 'A well-known oculist, who has an
ofBce on West Seventh street, while
discusEing some of the various defects
of the human eye which are not notice
able to the ordinary observer, has this
to Bay about color-blind people:
"The world must be a curious place to
color-bUnd people, of whom there are
forty males and three females to every
3000 persons. Some are blue-yellow
blind, and everything seems either red,
izreen or gray to them; others are red
jrreen blind, and all things appear to
them to be yellow, blue or gray of
various shades, and others again per
ceive no distinction of color at all, but
the whole world wears an unchanging
aspect of dull gray.
. .'To these last a visit to a picture gal
lery would reveal merely a collection of
engravings or photographs. But the
two former have the compensation of
seeing their own two- colors much more
brightly than ordinary people.
"The color blind do extraordinary
things at times. An officer of the -navy
went one day to buy material "for a
«--oat, vest and trousers. He bought a
blue coat and red trousers, believing
them of the satne color. A British ad
miral painted a landscape and^vas very
proud of his performance, but he ma.de
the tree red, thinking it was the same
color &s crcca. .When. he purchased. a
• '11. E. TVeinland has been making a
eeries of researches to show why the
digestive secretions do not attack the
?wdy of different living organisms.
The organs which carry on digestion
are charged with ferments which are
powerful 'in attacking and dissolving
the aliments which are introduced, but
nevertheless they have no action upon
the surface of these organs or upon the
parasites whichoften' lodge there. The
reason for this has not been clear. In
3891, J. Frenzel gave the opinion that
the parasites were protected by an anti
ferment which they secreted, and this
could account fcrr the fact that tape
•vrorms. for instance, could take up their
lodging in such organs. M. Weinland
made some experiments which are of
interest in this line of ideas. He took
a certain quantity of fibrin and placed
it' In a pepsin solution in order to dis
«<?Ive it. at the same time adding a
email quantity of liquid obtained from
the tape-worm (taenla). He found that
in this case r.o digestion o? the fibrin
occurred, even though it was left in
contact for an indefinite period, but
otherwise it would be dissolved in a
few hours. He thus considers that It is
not the living tissues themselves which
.resist the action of the digestive liquids,
but the secretions with which they are
impregnated. The anti-ferment which
he succeeds In extracting Is very power
ful in Its action, and It keeps its prop
erties for many months; it loses them
by boiling, however. A temperature of
CO deg. C. for 10 minutes has but little
effect, but at £0 deg. the activity is
lessened. The active principle can be
precipitated from the Juice of the taenia
by alcohoL Although it opposes the
action of pepsin, a ferment and anti
ferment can be put in presence without
destroying each other. The latter
yeems to exert only an opposing, and
1 not a destructive action on the fer
ments, and when removed the ferments
commence to act as usual. — Scientific
•American.
•;*-¦.• • •'•;:-•
• • •
But the most extraordinary case Is
**hat of tfce pocket mouse, one of the
common rodents of the desert. This
'little creature, by the way. has a gen
uine fur-lined "pocket" on the outside
of Its cheek. "When it 5s hungry it
takes food- from this pocket with its
j paw, just us a man would pull a ham
sandwich from his pocket.
One of these mice has been kept for
three years with no other food than the
'mixed, birdseed of commerce. During
;ihis- period It had net a taste of either
¦water or green food. Other experi
' inenters have found. In fact, that these
• nijee in capilivlty refuse such treats,
,7jicct seeming to know that water is
2 £qod to drink. The birdseed put before
• ilrls mouse contained not more than 10
*-"l>6r emit of moisture, •which is less than
I *s' necessary for digestion. Stuff so dry
•" as this cannot even be swallowed until
• frt'is. moistened by saliva. Yet this re
markable mouse gave nothing but his
. tfme tf> -the interests of science. He
. *=tlff*red . nothing in health or spirits
. <yiring his captivity. The "absolutely
abstemious ass" of -which Edward Lear
wrote is. completely outclassed.
: :'.The question is seriously raised
Whether this mouse is provided with
a condensing apparatus by which it
is able to absorb moisture from the at
mosphere. At night and In tlie burrows
the humidity 5s much higher than in the
daytime above ground, but it never
the dew point. — New York
, Bvening: Post.
'. Other creatures than th» camel are
jabie to- set along for extended periods
* "without drinking:. Sheep In the south
western deserts go for forty to sixty
j •flays In "winter -without drink, grazing
.on tire green, succulent vegetation of
• that season. Peccaries in the desert of
\,Baadm live In little dry hills, where
;.thei«e is no natural -water for long
¦!.- periods." They cannot possibly find
..water, 'in fact, for months at a time.
Trrhe only moisture they can obtain
comes from roota and the fruits of
' cacti. •
Science and Invention.
The approach of the yellow peril in the Democratic
camp has now become so" menacing that even many of
the stanchest Bryanites are calling' for Cleveland to
come In and save them.
"Look the thing over carefully, Par
son," was the brief rejoinder, and then
another "ten-spot" ,was playing 1 tag
wUh the other bills.
"The more' I think of It the more
it seems to me the corporation may
be right In this thing," remarked the
missionary meditatively. v". : '
"Will you and the rest of your dele
gation vote the right way to-morrow?"
said the heeler, extending thp $23.
"Yes, we will," was the assurance,
as the greenbacks were transferred to
the pocket of the legislator.
The practical politician reported: "It
was a hard job, and I had to do a lot
of talking. I thought for a while I
should need more, but the $5000 was
just enough."
A well-known political heeler tells
an amusing story . of how he helped
work a corporation bill- through tha
State Legislature about fifteen years
ago. Incidentally it may be noted that
the "sacks" were much , wider and
deeper In those days than at present.'
and the .task of making laws was cor
respondingly more agreeable for the
grafters.
It happened that a big. corporation
wanted to secure the passage of a
bill -wh^ich provided for a large Invol
untary contribution from the general
public. The measure was strongly op
posed. After the fight- had- been in
progress for a week it became ap
parent that a block of five votes from
a southern county could turn the vic
tory either wav. A retired mission
ary was the leader of the delegation,
and what he said was law to' his-fol
lowers. The corporation's lobbyists
¦were nonplused.* Who would undertake
the task of buying: the missionary's
support? The practical politician who
tells the story was summoned. He
listened quietly, and after a moment
of thought said that he ought to turn
the trick with $5000.
A telegram waa sent to San Fran
cisco asking If that amount of money
should be put up. The reply waa "Any
thing up to $10,000." The heeler took
55000 In bills and called upon the mis
sionary. Once out of hearing of pos
sible spies, the politician said:
"Don't you think that bill ought to
pass, Parson?"
"Certainly not. It is a case of rob
bery, pure and simple," was the re
sponse. -.'-. .->,
Drawing: a $5 note from his vest
pocket and twirling it around his fin
gers, the briber continued: .
"It will do California a great deal of
good."
"How Is that?" said the reverend
gentleman, eying the greenback. ¦¦". "'.¦;>
"Because it lets the people know
how valuable the State is getting," re
turned the heeler, as he extracted a
$10 bill and twisted It up with the $5.
"Perhaps I don't know all about the
measure," observed the missionary
with increased interest.
Practical Politics.
The new'White 'Star liner Baltic is
probably better equipped electrically
than any other boat either afloat or
building. Jn addition to the usual elec
trical appliances to be found on board
present-day ocean liners, the Baltic Is
equipped with an electrical device for
preventing collisions v.ith other ves
sels. Thf> moment another ship enters
the "magnetic field!* of the Baltic the
needle^ of the indicating Instrument
points In the direction of the vessel ap
proaching or being overtaken, and the
steersman knows at once what course
to take.. Even the rhythmic beats of
an unseen steamer's screws are regis
tered by means of this delicate ap
paratus. Another safeguard is an elec
trical contrivance to show if the ship's
lights are burning properly. An elec
tric log for ascertaining the speed of
the ship Jc another acquisition, and an
electric lead for ascertaining the depta
of the water is also on the list. There
is, further, an electric device for reg
istering all signals,, including steam
sirens. The Baltic is equipped with
electric refrigerating, as well as olec
tric cooking apparatus.— Scientific
American. '
The Electrical Review calls attention
to the fact that hardly a day passes in
which several telephone companies are
not incorporated in the smaller cities
and towns throughout the country. In
the West It appears that farmers are
finding the telephone very useful not
only in conducting their household af
fairs, but in marketing their produce.
Formerly x the farmer stored his grain
In elevators, waiting for an advant
ageous time to sell. Now he stores it
himself, receives themarket quotations
over the telephone, and disposes of his
grain by telephone whenever, in his
judgment, he can do eo to the best ad
vantage. He does this without loss of
time, and has the satisfaction of closing
a bargain at once at current prices.
According to statistics compiled by
the Bell Telephone Company, there
•were. In 1902, 2,525,C06 telephones in the
hands of licensees under rental In the
United States. There was a total of
1,020,647 stations, and the number of ex
change connections dally was 7,531,761,
or a total per year of over 2.425,000,000.
The entire capital invested In telephone
systems in this country was estimated
at ?350.000,000. The statistics for 1903,
of course, will show a great increase In
the number of stations installed and
number of instruments under rental.
Express Gazette.
"The test was in every way a suc
cess the system working smoothly, as
was predicted by the inventor."
"Another feature was also shown,
namely, a dial which can be placed In
railway stations and offices oj train
dispatchers. This dial Indicates the
exact position of all trains on the line
within a certain distance, and whether
they are stationary or in motion. The
usefulness of such an instrument is
readily seen, as by means of It no
tification of an obstructed track Is at
ence given by the" Indicator.
"The trial was held on a branch line
of the Societa Veneta fitted with the
apparatus. About eighty guests had
been invited to witness the experiment,
among whom were representatives of
the Governments of France and Russia,
of the municipalities of Venice and
Padua, of scientific societies and of the
press, as well as many engineers. A
fepecial train carried the guests from
Padua to Castelfranco, where, upon
arrival, the operation of the new sys
tem -was demonstrated by means of a
miniature electric railway constructed
in a freight house opposite the sta
tion, and which, when explained by the
inventor, showed in a clear and de
tailed manner the method whereby no
tice is given to a locomotive in motion
when there is another on the same
track within a distance of half a mile.
"The apparatus itself was tested in
all its particulars and exhibited such a
complete and timely method of giving
warning of the proximity of another
train that should it prove practical
when applied to entire railroad sys
ters Mr. Beer's invention would reduce
to a minimum the large Ioes of life
and property which Is now annually
due to collisions.
Alexander Thayer. United States Vice
Consul at Venice, Italy, has sent a re
port to the Department of Commerce
and Labor of a new invention which
may have a gTeat tendency toward the
assurance of safety in railway travel
ing. The report says:
"I recently attended the official test
of an automatic electrical invention for
the safety of railway trains In transit,
made by Attilio Beer, an engineer of
this city (Venice).
"If you see a man In the 6treet with a
preposterous display of colons, charit
ably believe him to be one of the color
blind. :'C;V
"Just why the ey.es of women are less
defective In the matter of distinguish
ing colors than those of men Is one
of the things in nature that Is unex
plained. The construction is the same,
yet the woman's superiority* in match
ing colors has always been recognized,
even when man has had the advantage
of long experience." — Cincinnati "Com
mercial Tribune.
"A postofflce clerk was always short
in his accounts because he could not
distinguish the different colored stamps.
And a sedate Quaker has been known
to buy a green coat for himself and a
red gown for his wife, thinking they
were both brown. •
"An architect's pupil, being directed
to copy the picture of a brown house,
made. the room green, the sky scarlet
and the roses blue.
pair of trousers he chose preen ones,
suspecting them to be brown^
We doubt whether in any city in the world during
this Lenten season men have listened to more devoted
expounders of human duty, or have felt more keenly the
impulse toward all good, than here. The addresses
might be printed in a tract that every church could with
profit distribute to its members, and point to as evidence
that San Francisco takes the great and simple principles
of religion as its guide to all individual and civic right-
We believe that so far no race has been found that
has not some idea of a power external to man. The
conception may be crude. It may be disfigured by super
stition. ¦ It may be productive of nothing more than an
idol or a fetich, or it may be refined to a high and in
effable abstraction, but its existence is universal. As
this conception rises in refinement, man rises in civiliza
tion. But he never outgrows it, nor ceases to feel the
need of belief in a power greater than himself. That
power is the final cause of righteousness, whether in the
individual or in the state. - i *;':" *-¦"¦'
We speak of. the ancients as pagan. But w.ho can read
the orations of Cicero, in which he called upon the great
Jove to witness the integrity of his purpose and the pur
ity of his patriotism, without feeling that the Roman
statesman was as sincere as an American Senator who
appeals to the higher p'owcr under a different name?
Who can doubt that the Roman found in his belief the
same motive toward righteousness that~the American
finds in the same belief under a changed form? y'
The business men of San Francisco have made good
and proper use of the Lenten season, by meeting daily
in the Chamber of Commerce, to listen to a brief and
non-sectarian service, and then to consider in sober
mindedness the duties of the citizen to his family, his
neighbors, his country and his city. In the range of
questions considered, everything that relates to the re
sponsibility of man in the social state has been consid
ered. The addresses have, been ; delivered by university
presidents, labor leaders, clergymen, jurists and men of
affairs.
There is a growing complaint that men do not attend
church. It is often said that- this abstention from the
formal observance of religion is evidence that they are
drifting into a condition of indifference to the serious
things which bear upon conduct, and that they are astray
even from the ethical impulse which gets its strength
from religion. These noonday meetings in Lent seem to
negative the serious conclusions derived from the lapse
of the church-going habit. Is it not true that men are
simply less interested in the fine, distinctions between
forms of faith and the rivalry of creeds, and under the
guidance of reason are learning to respect more the great
and single idea that is the foundation and source of them
all?
In these days, when the world rises in wrath against
those who maltreat; the Jews, and when the most de
voted Christian idealists see in Japan the defender of
the essentials of Christianity, and illustrating them in
the truthfulness of her statesmen and the discipline of
her soldiers, may we not conclude that men are. less in
terested *in dogmatic religion because they are more In
terested in that agreement of opinion which works out
in righteousness of life and conduct?
Perhaps not many of the busy men who have given an
hour daily to the meetings in the Chamber are regular
church-goers, but who shall say that'they are less inter
ested in all that .the church can teach, for the benefit of
the home, society, business and the state? It has been
customary to single out San Francisco as a city conspic
uously indifferent to serious things. The religious dia
lecticians have even called this the wickedest city, in the
Union. We who live here know how little these char
acterizations are deserved. We have a cosmopolitan
population, gathered from many countries and the far
islands of the sea. Here may be found Parsee and
Puritan, Jew and Gentile, Buddhist and Confucian, but
we may claim with confidence that the quality of mercy
and justice, faith and charity, is common taf them all.
Our Christian citizens, nominal and professed, rightly
march at the head of this procession of many races, but
they all have hands on the same life line, and are ready
to sacrifice for what in its essence is the same ideal.
FAR back in the history of the race men set apart
a portion of the year in which to -give special at
tention to the great issues of life. "Whether it be
the Jewish Passover, the Mahometan Ramadan or the
Christian .Lent, this pause in the busy occupations of the
people is evidence furnished by many races and under
divers forms of the religious idea, "that men feel the
need of introspection and that serious examination of
their master motives which lead to better living and the
cleaner discharge of their duties toward each other.
THE LENTEN * MEETINGS.
rcctly to the people of Chico and Butte County. Let
'them give that land and give it quickly, for opportunity
knocks at their door only once, and then passes on.
The department waits, ready with plants and projects
that mean more variety and diversification of the prod
ucts of field and orchard. .Every addition of that kind
is another reason why people. should come to California.
Man goes where his, industry has the best opportunity
for reward, and that is. where it may be addressed to the
greatest variety of objects. This station may well mean
millions for the Sacramento Valley, and its loss would be
. a capital mistake.
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 27, 1904.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor V . . . . : . . . . Address All Commtmications to JOHN McRAUGHT, Manager
Publication Ottlco - . . <^^^^^k> - • ......... .Third and Market Streets, S. F.
SUNDAY .' „ '. • • MARCH 27. 1904
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
30
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Cai-.
Atornia. street, .Telephone aiaia 1043» *
Townsend's California Glare fruits »rnl
choice candles. In artistic fire-etched
boxes. A nice present for Eastern friend's
715 Market street, above Call buildln" •Charges Dierssen With Foi%ery.
The answer of Fritz Lang to the
suit of George Dierssen, as assignee of
Anna Dierssen-, for $800 due on a
promissory note alleged to have been
made by Lang in October, 1903,- in
favor of * Mrs. Dierssen was : filed yes
terday. It is a complete denial of the
charges made by Dierssen in his com
plaint," and as L a defense against the
suit ¦Lang charges that the note, if it
exists, ; l3 a forgery. He says he. ; never
at any time ' affixed his signature to a
document containing a promise to pay
Mrs. Die rssen ? S 0 0 or any other sum,
Gets Goods on Worthless Check.
ArSemenza, fruit dealer, 1506 Gold
en Gate avenue, notified the police
yesterday that a man' had bought
from him on Thursday a box of or
anges and sack of potatoes, which he
ordered sent to 1736'Golden Gate ave
nue. The man gave in payment a
check -for 5 S 75 on the Crocker-Wool
worth Bank signed "Morrison Lum
ber Co." and "received $4 90 change.
The check was worthless and the oc
cupants of 1736 Golden Gate avenue
had not ordered the articles. The
police are searching for the culprit.
Further Time for Davis.
Thomas Davis, indicted for feloni
ously assaulting Mrs. A. H. Ames on
the high seas, was yesterday allowed
until next Saturday to plead. The as
sault Is said to have taken place on
board the steamer Alliance on October
16 of last year.
San Fr: -Lsco Veterinary College.
Xext session will begin June 6th. Catalogues
by applying to Dr. E- J. Creely. 510 G. G. ave.»
tiiary choir in the Paulist church in
New York City. On Wednesday. Thurs
day and Friday evenings a sermon will
be given.
Rev. Patrick S. Butler will preach
this evening in St. Ignatius Church.
There will be no sermon in the morn
ing, but the passion of our Lord will
be read.
This evening in the Holy Cross
Church Rev. Father Harvey will preach
on "Man's Weakness."
The Most Rev. Archbishop Riordan
will bless the palms at the 11 o'clock
mass in St. Mary's Cathedral this
morning. The Lenten devotions of the
Calvarian Society will be held at 3
o'clock this afternoon.
The palms will be blessed and dis
tributed at the 11 o'clock mass this
morning in , St. Francis Church. The
pastor, Rev. T. Caraher, will preach
in the evening on "Christ and Cai
phas." w' K l
The regular monthly service 'Will be
held this evening in the First Congre
gational Church. Choice selections will
be rendered by the choir under the di
rection of Samuel D. Mayer. Rev.
George C. Adams will deliver an ad
dress on ''The Beauty of Holiness."
At the Trinity Church this evening:
the choir will repeat Spohr's oratorio,
"Calvary/' and Wednesday, March 30,
Stainer's will be given.
This afternoon at 3 o'clock Henry W.
Davis, the new religious work director
of the San Francisco Young Men's
Christian Association, will address the
great mass meeting for men only at
the Association Auditorium, Mason and
Ellis streets. Miss Charlotte White of
Madison, Wls., will sing and there will
be special music ¦ by the Robson Or
chestra. At the close of Mr. Davis*
address there will be an informal re
ception and collation and Bible class
Instruction.
A number of boys and girls will be
confirmed this morning in St. Paul's
German Lutheran Church. The pastor,
Rev. Paul Branke, will officiate.
FIRE IX A -ROOMING-HOUSE
CAUSES MUCH EXCITEMENT
ESCAPED PRISONER
SENT BACK TO JAU*
Joseph Stark, who escaped from
County Jail No. 2 on January 7, 1903.
was returned to that institution yes
terday by Chief of Police Wlttman.
Stark was arrested in Los Angeles
for having made threats against the
life of H. E. Huntington. The Chief of
Police of Los Angeles finally turned
Stark over to Chief Wlttman, havin?
ascertained that Stark was an escape
from this city.
Wlttman thereupon turned his
prisoner over to Sheriff Curtis, who
sent him back to the jail from which
he escaped more than a year ago.
Stark had three monthsi o{ his original
setentce to serve when he escaped
from the institution.
Joseph Stark. Who Threatened UXe of
II. JB. Huntlnston hi Tax* Angeles,
Is Returned to Custody.
The blaze was quickly extinguished
and little damage was done. The fire
was the result of crossed wires. The
streets were crowded for several blocks
in the vicinity of the place and the
police experienced much difficulty in
keeping the throng: at a safe distance.
The loss will probably reach $1500,
which is fully covered by insurance.
Fire broke out in the rear of the
top floor of the Columbus rooming
house, formerly the Dunlap, on O'Far
rell street, near Powell, yesterday
afternoon shortly after 4 o'clock. The
inmates of the place ran hither and
thither as soon as the alarm was
turned in and great excitement pre
vailed for a short time.
Quickly Extinguished.
Crossed Wires Start a Small-Sized
Blaze in the Columbus, but It Is
The perfume woods and plants of
the Philippine Islands will be shown
at the World's Fair in a special collec
tion. • ¦¦¦- ¦.••;-'
The last surviving soldier of th«
War of the Revolution was £>aniel F.
Blakeman, who died in Freedom, N".
T.,* !n 1869, at the age of over 103
years.
Snes on Promissory Xote.
Agnes Hooper yesterday filed a suit
to recover $6111 from Lizzie M. Don
; ovan. executrix of the will of the late
i Michael J. Donovan. The money is
j due on a promissory note for $4650,
j with interest, executed In the plain
; tiffs favor by Donovan a year prior
i to his death in 1S9S.
DEEP SXOWS.
Yosemite Waterfalls TT1II Be Grand
This Year.
Reports from the Tosemite Valley are
that deep snows have fallen In the high
Sierra. The waterfalls will be wonder
ful when travel begins about May first.
The Santa Fe is already receiving re
quests for reservations in the early
staees from Merced.
If interested inquire at 641 Market
street.- San Francisco. •
i At the twenty-ninth annual conven
j tion of the fruit growers of this State
; a committee of fifteen was appointed to
i devise and put Into effect a plan or
! plans to promote co-operation among
i producers of all classes of dried fruits
| on the Pacific Coast. Of this commit
: tee the following have been considering
J the Issues: A. R. Sprague of Sacra
, mento, F. H. Babb of San Jose, S. G.
j Rodeck of Campbell, Arthur R. Briggs
,' of San Francisco, H. P. Stabler of Tuba
i City. A. D. Bishop of Orange, W. P.
;Weber of Santa Paula. Thomas Jacob
s of Tulare, A. L. McCray of Fresno and
B. F. Walton of Tuba City. A. R.
i Sprague is the chairman and A. L. Mc
: Cray the secretary of the committee.
;. The committee has unanimously
j adopted the following resolutions as the
: basis of action:
j Resolved, That it is the sense of this com
: mitte« that the fruit growers of the State,
; wherever practicable, organize .local assocla
| lions for the preparation of fruit for market.
ard that these several associations then con-
I nect themselves with some selling agency to
' make sale cf their crop at the best market
I rate, at such times and for such prices as the
i asency acting in conjunction with associate
j organizations may deem best. In case no such
selling agency is available or satisfactory, we
| recommend that they proceed to establish one
! by delegate representative from each such local
i association.
Also, that we further recommend that all
| selling agencies composed of organlied 1 grow
i ers unite by delegate membership to form a
: central selling and purchasing agency by which
: Uie highest advantages in buying and selling
1 may be secured, without, however. reliRquish
¦ iri any brand, trademarks or other advan
¦ tares peculiar to each, but eliminating to the
! greatest possible extent Injurious competition
, with each other in the market and in every
! practicable manner extending the consumption
! oi California cured fruits.
Also, that we disclaim any purpose to antag
j onize any Interest by such recommendations,
; belni fully aware that a large percentage of
i the business will remain to be done by estab
! lished organizations. But we believe that
: when a considerable portion of the growers be
¦ ccme thus organized it will be possible to find
i a common basis of agreement with such in
i terests by which market values may be sus-
I taJned and regulated better than at present.
Also, that we further recommend that such
j centralized agency at the earliest practicable
. moment develop a r'an for efficiently adver
! Using California cured fruits and planng them
j with the consumers at prices which shall pro
| vide for a fair av«?raee profit to the grower,
I wholesaler and retailer.
We further recommend the formation of a
j committee t^» procure and make available sta
! tistics Jr. relation to the fruit products of the
, Pacific Ccast and competing countries.
The following resolution was also
unanimously passed:
Resolved. Th*t a committee of three, with
H. P. Stabler as chairman, be appointed to
outline and rut into operation a plan for in
creasing the consumption of the cured fruit
of tb.e Sta.te.
The chairman appointed on the com
mittee with Mr. Stabler, Arthur R.
Briggs and A. L. McCray.
The committee spent two days in
earnest deliberations, and while at first
wide difference of opinions was ex
pressed, the members came to unan
imous agreement in support of the plan
here outlined.
Passion Week, holiest in the churches'
calendar, begins to-morrow and in all
Catholic and places of wor
ship outward and visible evidences of
the season will be displayed Un the tcm
ing down of all elaborate ritual and an
increase in the penitential character of
hymn and prayers. Never before In
•San Francisco has the Lenten fast been
observed with greater rigor. Among
Episcopalians Lent of 1904 has been an
active religious revival In which all
the churches and clergy have united
and the result has been a great quick
ening of spiritual life and large addi
tions to the membership. For Holy
Week each c-f the clergy will confine
himself to his own parish and at all
the houses of worship a series of devo
tions will be conducted almost without
intermission in churches whose doors,
opening with the rising of the sun, will
not close until the last faint trace of
daylight disappears. Caster Sunday,
which occurs on April 3, will be ob
served with special rejoicings. Com
ing so late In the spring, the wealth
of floral offerings available for church
display will be greatly increased. -The
altars of all churches on Sunday next
will be adorned with a display possible
nowhere else than in California.
Services at the Episcopal churches In
Passion Week will be as follows:
Trinity Church, for the first four days of the
week, will have evening prayers with ad
monitions at 4:30 p. m.. with additional ser
vices on Thursday at 8 J>. m. Good Friday's
service will beein at noon and last for three
hours. Dr. Clampett will conduct and preach
on "The Words of the Crosa."
Cathedral Mission will celebrate holy com
munion every day, with services at 11 and
3:30 o'clock on Thursday. On Good Friday
services will be at 10:30 and at 12 o'clock, three
hours of devotion, and at S p. m.
Grace Church — Bvery day at 11 a. m., except
Thursday, with the eucharlst at 7:45 a. m.
On Good Friday evening prayer will ba said
at 5 p. m.
St. John's the Evangelist — On Monday at 4
p. m The eucharlst on Tuesday at 11 a. m.
Thursday at 7 and 11 a. m. Good Friday at
9 and from 12 to 3 o'clock. Confirmation will
be administered at 7: 45 p. m. Saturday even-
Ing, prayer at 4 o'clock.
Church of the Advent— Daily masses at 7.
7:45 and 0:30 o'clock, with evening prayer at
8 o'clDck, and Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday
and Saturday at 11 a. m.. and on Thursday
with vespers at 8 P- m. Good Friday morning,
prayers at 1O:3O and three hours' devotion,
from 12 to 3 o'clock, and vespers at 8 p. m.
St Peter's Church — Services each day at
9:30* a. m., except Friday, which are at 10:30.
12 to 3 and 8 p. m. _-'-•
St Luke's Church— Monday. Tuesday and-
Wednesday at It. 12 and 4:30 o'clock. Thurs
day at 8 11. 12 and 4:30. x Good Friday at 9.
10 11. 12 to 3 4:30 and 7:45. Saturday at 10
a.'m. and 4:30 r. m.
St Paul's Church — Tuesday and Thursday,
evening service at 4 o'clfeck. Wednesday and
Saturday at 10 a. m. Good Friday. 10 and
"st Stephen's Church— Monday and Wednes
day'at 4 p. m. Tuesday, holy communion at
10 Thurtday. 10 o'clock, with eucharist at
4pm Good Friday. 10 and 12 to 3.
St Mary's the Virgin— There will be masses
at 7:30 -and prayer at 4:30 p. m.. except on
GrM Friday, Then morning service will be
at 10 o'clock and the way of the cross at 7:45
p. m.
The following services will be held
to-day at the Emanuel Evangelical
Church:
•Morning — Or?an voluntary; reading: of Scrip
ture Matthew. 21:1-11; hymn. "How Shall I
Receive Him?" prayer. P. Gerhardt; song by
chotr "Open "Wide the Gates"; sermon. "A
Palm' Sunday Discourse"; examinations of
catechumens: address to catechumens: son* by
choir, "Cast Thy Bread Upon the Waters";
prayer: son*. "Hoslanna, Son of David"; bene
diction: organ postlude.
Evening— Orsran voluntary: reading of Scrip
ture; hymn. "I've Found a Friend": prayer:
song by choir, "Let V*3 Sing Unto the Lord"
<Charle<» F. Noyes); announcements; solo,
"Come Unto Me" (AHlem Corneu), Mrs. F. Mc-
Gowan- violin solo, "The Palms" (J. Faure and
Adams), A. L- Hastings, accompanied by
Charles Juste: song by choir, "Jesus, and Shall
It Ever Be" (Henry A. Lewis): prayer: hymn.
"Jes=us. Savior, Pilot Me"; benediction; organ
postlude. 4
The following services will be held at
the First English Lutheran Church to
day: :"-.(-
Confirmation and mornlnr «ervic<» — Anthera,
"Blessed Is He "Who Cometh" <L« Prevost): of
fertory "O For the Win^s of a Dove" (Men
delssohn): sermon, "Equipment for the Pil-
Brimajre of Life"; rite of confirmation; hymns
46. 23«. 445.
En-eninR- service — Out of the Deep" (Mar
gten); offertory. ""When the Son of Man"
(Maunder) -Fermon, "Palm Branches"; hymns
110, 124. 119.
In the Paullst church, on California
street, Dart of the beautiful office of
tenebrae of the Catholic church will
be given. The Gregorian chant for
Holy "Week is exceptionally impressive
and the arrangement used will be the
same as that sung by the famous sanc-
j Provide for Forming Local
i
Associations to Consist of
Producers of the State
Ceremony To-Day in Catho
lic Houses of Worship.
Next Sunday Is Easter
A1UUXGE TO ADVERTISE
DISTEIBUTIOX OF PALMS
Churches Prepare Special
and Solemn Services to
Commemorate the Passion
Committee of Opinion That
One Central Agency Should
Have the Making of Prices
DEVISES PLAN
FOR FRUIT MEN
DEEP DEVOTION
FOR HOLY WEEK
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SUNDAY, MARCH- 27, 1904.
31
¦ • ¦ ADVZBTISE2SIENTS.
...Is Now Showing in the...
Departments
i : -- : SECOND FLOOR==^=
. • : I p .
.':¦ ' IN
...Ladies' and Misses' Suits and Costumes in
: ; • the latest Parisian creations in fancy effects.
: , .Coats for reception, theater and street wear,
'. together with a magnificent assortment of
high-class Domestic Coats, Jackets and Pale-
• -.tots; in Cloth, Silk, Lace, Pongee, Tuscan,
;' . etc., etc., embracing styles exclusive to the
-. White House.
*r- rrkctnin/ 1 *^ This de P artment is constantly
. [" wO^lU.niC»3 adding many clever conceptions
.1 — distinctly "'White House Ideas" — in Nets,
i-Lices, Chiffonf, Silks, Crepes, Voiles, Lawns,
• . Wulls and Linens of both Foreign and Domestic
; creation. Prices
$39, $45, $55, $65, $75 to $150
SilK Lined Dress Suits §M§
1 Cheviots and Voile in Biack, Blue and Brown;
I 'entire suit over Silk Drop Skirt. Spe- tf -- nn
• Cl2 \.,: JOJ.UU
: ' Ladies' WalKing Suits i tSS
Spring Models in the most desirable materials in
j Sprins Weight Mixtures, Panama Cloth and
I -Cheviots. Taken from reguLar stock. «....
j Special $Z5.UU
Tailor Made Suits for Misses
Diintv, effective modeis of Wool Heather Mixtures,
tLine and Scotch Homespuns, in the new
g color effects of light and medium c <\
?s. Sizes 14, 16 and 18 years. .Special J^Z.bU
' 'Wnlk'Tnrf of Scotch Mixtures
WalJSing jKIriS an d Cheviots, excel-
. lent style; strictly tailor made. tf _ _ A ffo _ n
Special J/.DU and Jo. jU
Separate Dress Skirts Epfff
Crepe de Chine. Broadcloth and Cheviot. Models
* made on iines not shown elsewhere; a rich pro-
: fusion of cleverly executed c 1 c nn - c -r. nn
ideas JlD.OU to $75.00
Silk Shirt Waist Suits .S 1^
of heavy taffeta; the latest models in Black, Blue,
&:.. Gree . n .. and - Gun $45.00to $95.00
SilK Shirt Waist Suits |1§|
Foulards and Check Silks, in figured and plain
goods. Big values. -Spe- Cl n nn „« nn
cia) J11>.UU and $25.00
Covert Cloth Coats ** JacKets
In exclusive styles, custom tailored and lined.
$16.50, $18.50, $20.00, $25.00, $30.00
• We prepared abundantly for the enormous popu-
larity of the Covert Coat this season, which we
." had foreseen. We have almost unlimited varieties
to select from and the values are unapproached
anywhere.
J COR.PoSTSKeARNY STSi •
ADV^BTISEMENTSw
I ALirri£ at V%^\ c •
I Parlor Suits and Odd Pieces f
t The most complete lin e on the coast. Everything to •
J make your parlor look bright and comfortable at prices to •
}• suit every purse. Just received two carloads of carpets and %
& rugs in the latest patterns, a great many * in Persian and J
9 Oriental designs. We have two acres of floor space covered •
U with Bed Sets— brass and enamel beds— Dining-room Sets, •
• Stoves, etc., to make your selection from. We are not com- %
• pelled to advertise special sales, as every day is bargain day f
« with us. Visit our immense store and see the regular bar- •
2 gains we have to offer. We don V. pay rent; all other furni- e
• ture houses do ; that's why we sell so much lower. J
I The J. Noonan furni ture Co. !
2. ¦ - ini7.m21 Miccinn <5r ABOVE SIXTH. . 2
• ' . ;..,.. lUiy-IU^O IVIISSlOn OU, Near f>ew Po«totfk:e. 5
ADVEBTISE2tEE2JTS.
»' '¦¦ ¦¦ "¦ """¦' " ¦- ¦ , Is the man who KNOWS about things, instead of GUESS-
ING at them. When he hears an unfamiliar subject spoken
of, he makes it. his business to find out about it. When he
reads, it is with open mind, ready to seize upon everv new
fact and make it his own. >".
He knows that the watchword of the Twentieth Century
is Alertness, and that he can only succeed by being ready
for success, profiting by the mistakes and successes of those
JJi) iJw^/J )i~J) I) i))HE^Z 7 W^° nave g° ne before. And so he keeps by his side that
fc|f^- llp^-fe: |p|::-^|=rM jlis greatest of all repositories of human experience and wisdom,
e E nc y^°P ae^ a Britannica
Ym ' ' flfifgjf^' yll!^^*'/) \ (JJR ftl!~ [ Whether in the home, store, factory or office, BRI-
|tf#ij|^#:Si;^;= ffi \ TANNICA has long since come to be a necessity. There are
l^^^^^f^^^^^^T^^^ actually millions of these volumes now open to answer every
m^k^^S^j^^-=. WdWz 1 question and meet every need. The school bov and girl turn
to BRITANNICA to find out further facts in the history of
' (N^ "m^lT^ 1^ : '^'(f 11m( : some country they are studying, or for interesting »data
r^ "f^T^fffi^^^ about Botany, or Geology-, or Astronomy, or Physics. The
¦|^.|g^|/^|/g|L^i _ ||/|[; \\ , man of business places it among his office necessities, with
fu--infe.Trl^ rv.T^-A-t^3i;*i-rt-r:.-=s^es^.^.| 1 j s telephone or typewriter.
The reason for this universal demand for BRITAN-
"VTf"*A !c tfiat it is
¦ The One WorK That Tells AH
Here you do not get the smattering of a subject. You
get a complete survey of it, written by the greatest author-
ity. -There were noo specialists engaged upon the work,
and as high as ten thousand dollars was paid for a single ar-
ticle. No less than fifty-seven of these articles have been
reprinted in book form for use in schools.
The new Twentieth Century Edition represents the
high-water mark of Encyclopaedia making. It is not a mat-
ter of a few volumes ; but with the American Supplement and
Index consists of 31 MASSIVE VOLUMES, aggregating
25,000 large pa<|es, fully illustrated, and covering the entire
progress of the world to the present year.
' Low Prices— Easy Payments
There is now no reason why any one should do without •
T __^____^ f this king of reference works. An entire edition is being dis-
lfiltJ(§i(( *.!(%!(( x-U—llillLl^$ tributed direct to readers at one-half the former cost and on
easy terms, amounting to ONLY TEN CENTS A DAY.
UiL&liUKl^rlteStH-xJl i((iif ?0^-\ ut when this Edition is exhausted
W ~ '"" "ffi 8|llP ' • c P r Kf e Will Advance
Iu^)nlrW% n account °^ e increased cost of material and labor,
lug. JM\- W^^l tne P" ce °f tn * s Encyclopaedia must be advanced at an early
I^T\\ ¦'Jt^^^jI date. We have, however, arranged that this increase in price
shall not go into effect until the present printing is exhausted.
W-V^^^^^^ I But prompt action is needed to obtain a set on the pres-
]\J^S\^A "it advantageous terms. Cut out the INQUIRY COUPON
f|liP^^^f?^f^^ V before you lay aside this paper, and send it in AT ONCE!
sSp^ilsI^^' WHAT IS SAID OF IT:
0GS3g£^||i|«i^SB^^ '1 "It is without a peer in th? whole noble army of encyclopae-
fff^-^CF7r v 'M>r^f^ stA"~- dlas." — LTMAX ABBOTT. D. D. '¦
ittM&MM'Wlfiiii^t *===i " The Enc y cl °P aedIa Britannica Is kins of its tribe." — PROF.
W^&£-f'WtZ»§if "^ r a H other books were destroyed. th« Bible excepted. the
h;p|?^i^ji|S^^^%^5=. world would lose but little of its Information." — SPURGEON.
BOOKCASE FREE
: 3ffl5f^=L.-. — ¦ -==f>' A limited ntuaber of bookcases will be srivea free of cbanre
.Li 4tll/. ; f. J,pN£ZZ_. .^~ to The Call readers wlio reapcad promptly. The Coupon below
'r*fr~~jfiftff===iz£?** will be known as the Bookcase Coupon, and taould b* mailed
1 Y--=^-^~-~-- . ¦=¦—= " -^^*- •** at once.
31 m« SS iy€> volumes. I^^Cut Out and Mail This Coupon To-Day
lA/e-ight Cf\JGr 2OO Pounds For Particulars of Our Great Offer to Call Readers.
f^^*" "™ — "" ™" m — mmmm ~ mmmm ~ mmmm ~" 3-27-0*
II tSSS SJ^Ediuon. The American Newspaper Association.
5 Volumes American Addition*. . Parrott Building. San grandsco. Cat
1 Volume Guide to Syrtematic. please ' sen(L me free of charg:e sample paKC5 and full
Beadinrs of the Whole Work. ___ ticulars of your Encyclopaedia offer (Bookcase Coupon).
/J» j Secures this entire set of - _ \
wB 2 OTX CftQ 'PSiy Tu6 D&X&ZXC0 '
¦BL at the rate of only lOo
aday for a short time. | | SAN FRANCISCO CALL BUREAU / j
AT> V l«; H.TTK V. M, B^jTft
>gj^^»s|SJi|g5*a^ A MILLION HP AT/j'h Y, MANLY Ij
/Sll^!pOv%»S\ AMERICAN MEN, fathers of fain- K
SFW^^^^S* **X§W«. Hies, business men, statesmen, fe
/p£f v^^Qrc^ taechanics, faxniers, lawyers, min- ||
jj |
j&l^ j^* tBL/!P7Z*?& ers, sailors, soldiers, traveling |
gPjF salesmen, railroaders, laboring H
tCT «£—^ grfw 1 men, men in every walk of life, in m
m/L "L x Si! evex T line ot activity, keep their |j
* siisl&^'^BBTt ?*JV bowels regular with CASCAR- |j
Wl^Ml HV Vs^i ETS Candy Cathartic. They tell |
l@>aS3Fi&!^-&f '/ fSr other men about the wonderful H
.._. 'ftS^^iMSy J? merit of this wonderful little tab- |f
mall fmr^*!^! + \ leL They take OASCARETS home JJ
me ' fgi J&r s L to their wives and famines. Tho H
feel IFP 6 ™*^ Jpk consequence 'is a sale of OVER. A M
jwr« Jfci ¦ m0 '^ ,^P^ MILLION BOXES A* MONTH B
V Jfifet*^ made by merit and appreciation, m
A man who keeps his bowels recrular n
JKj|7|lp>al with OASCARETS, can keep strong: and %
*^&8i&K\Zi^^ healthy even without much exercise, for when g
>Kj&rY$y thebowelsareregralarandthcdijestion^tronjr Q
jg&yr JOT the system is safe and the muscles, brain and n
/f nerves will have inexhaustible elasticity and life, m
£r Jr> All druggists. lOc, 25c, 6Oc Never sold in bullc. The gsa- m
f 4m utae tablet stamped C C C. Sazzipla and booklet free. jn
m f[ Addreaa Sterling Bamady Ccx, Chicago or New York. tj
CAN DV <~. ATM APTIC
AMMUAL SALE-TEN MILLION BOXES £
ereatest In the World "if- Martha Washington, Council of the
Daughters of Liberty will celebrate its
ninth anniversary of institution next
Thursday evening by a party In Laurel
Hall. Shiel3 building. A good pro
gramme -of • entertainment - has been
arranged for the occasion.
Liberty Social.
B.F.Stol!. dentist: Halght <fc Maaonio at.*
' Olive Branch Chapter of the -Order
of the Eastern Star at its meetinpr to
morrow night "will initiate a number
of candidates in Elks' Hall, after
which it will have a^ social hour for
its members and .visitors, also a col
lation. This very enterprising chap
ter has made, arrangements for a
grand . ball to be given during the
month of May in celebration of an an
niversary of its institution.; >• ;
Olive Brunch Social.
I/Og Cabin! "The bread with* a flavor." A«k
your dealer— whnlesal*— 000 Dolores st. •
Some time ago Britannia Lodge,
Order of the Daughters of St. George,
decided to have a leap year party, en
tertainment and dance, and fixed the
date for the early part of the current
month/but before the day arrived a
member of the lodge died and the
party, was postponed until the latter
part of the month. A few days since
Mary R. Hewitt, one of the most pop
ular ex-presidents of the lodge, died
and the lodge has decided to Indef
initely postpone the party.
Party Postponed.
This week $42.00 Richmond Ranges
will be closed out at PATTOSIEN'S. cor
ner Sixteenth and Mission streets, at
$30.00. connected to your boiler. •
65 Genuine Richmond Ranges at a
s ; Bargain. . ; ;?
The suit of the Cramp Steel Com
pany of Toronto, Canada, against
Frank H. Hall. J. A. Hammersmith
and J. M. Wright, an action to recover
$3784 from each of the defendants un
der their alleged agreement to take
a certain amount of stock in the cor
poration was answered yesterday. The
defendants admit entering into an
agreement along the lines stated in
the complaint, but state that they
were forced to refuse to carry it out
to the full by the discovery of the
fact that their signatures to the doc
ument were obtained by a prospectus
that falsified the condition of the cor
poration.
Claim They Were Deceived.
Trapper's OH cures rheumatism and nearalclm.
Druggists. BOe f.ask. Richard A Co.. 406 Clajr.*
Stock certificates and seal presses at abort
notice. E<Jw. S. Knowles, 24 Second st •*
The ladies of the Denkcher Club of
this ' city- have arranged for a leap
year reception to be held ¦ in Golden
Gate Hall on the night of April 16.
Denkcher Clnb Ladles.
Mr3. Fair willed to Mrs. Harvey her
famous Russian sable cape, her dia
mond sunburst and her diamond fleur
de lis. The cape was stolen by a
Parisian furrier, who, however, paid
to the administrator of the estate the
sum of $942, its value. Mrs. Harvey
says she" is content to receive the
money In place of the garment. She
also says that as the diamonds that
composed the fleur de 11s and the sun
burst were, a short time prior to Mrs.
Fair's death, reset into other jewelry
the stones as they are now made up
will suit her just as well as the orig
inals, "v'r
Mrs. Jennie Harvey, wife of Joseph
Harvey, yesterday petitioned the Su
perior Court for a distribution to her
of the jewels and wearing apparel de
vised to her by the late Caroline D.
Fair, wife of Charles L. Fair. The ad
ministrator of Mrs. Fair's estate has
been cited to appear before Judge
Cook April 7 to show cause why her
petition should not be granted.
ticles Devised to Her in Will of
.Late Caroline D. Fair.
Jennie Harvey Petitions Court for Ar-
Mrs.,A. H. Hartwig of 455 Hill
street denies emphatically the official
report that she attempted to commit
suicide by inhaling illuminating gas
on March 19. It is true that she near
ly lost her life, but the trouble was
caused by an., accident and not
through any intent of Mrs. Hartwig to
do away with herself, she says.
Docs Not Want to Die.
SATISFIED WITH MONEY
ET LIEU OF SABLE CAPE
Six. feet wide, good English Linoleurp.
regular price 60c per square yard, will
be sold out at PATTOSIEN'S, corner'Six
teenth and Mission streets, for 35c per
square yard. • • . •
5600 Yards English Linoleum Must Be
Sold.
- Mr8.L.ydia A.-Prescott, who was ar
rested several weeks ago on complaint
of a woman, who accused her of. steal-
Ing a satchel on one of the; ferry-boats,
was ordered " dismissed .:• yesterday " by
Judge Mogan at ¦: the ; request < of ~the
urosecutins attorney,, who : stated that
"That evidence is so strongly in your
favor that I must acquit you of the less
serious offense," was the court's : rul
ing. V .
"Hopermaydie if I did."
Because he asserted that he did not
smoke cigarettes, Henry McAlpine, a
lanky and sallow youth, was acquitted
of the charge of playing ball- without
a bat on Fifth street; When the charge
had been rammed home tby Policeman
Whelton and the defendant had de
clined to dispute it, Judge Mogan
scanned him -with critical eye and then
inquired: - ; .
'.'How many cigarettes per. diem do
you burn?"
"Nar^ one," was the reply; "never
smoked a cig since I was born."
VSure?"/ r
James Snow, a colored man, who
was arrested for snatching a "watch
from Nels C. Nelson I at Geary and
Kcarny streets last Friday evening,
was booked for burglary, but yester
day Judge Mogan had the complaint
altered to grand larceny and set the
case for hearing next Wednesday.
Mary Jones, a negress, who interfered
when Snow was captured after a long
and exciting chase, was also arrested
and will be tried for vagrancy on the
aforementioned date.
Every one in court started, every
neck craned and every eye was leveled
at the disheveled contents of the
orisoners' pen. An awed murmur, in
which "Britt" was clearly distingush
able, wafted over the auditorium. .
"Hey? What's that? James Ed
ward what?" exclaimed the Judge,
eagerly scanning the equV.ly eager
countenances in the "pen."
"James Edward nothing — just James
Edward, that's all," was the clerk's
somewhat tart reply.
Bailiff Hickey started the gusty «igh
of relif that displaced the expectant
manner.
James Edward pleaded guilty to the
charge of keeping a lpttery shop and
the Judge postponed sentence till next
Wednesday. The arrest was made by
Officers Regan and O'Connor.
"The next case," said Clerk Gray to
Judge Mogan, "is that of James Ed
ward "
H. Stelling, an Ellis-street grocer,
was accused by Police Officer Tierney
of having offered for sale a can of
milk which official analysis proved to
be sadly deficient of butter fat, and
the defendant explained the debilitated
condition of the lacteal fluid by stat
ing that he had inadvertently neglect
ed to shake the can before supplying
the first draft upon it, thus giving . to
one customer much more of the float
ing substance that was intended for
equal distribution among many.
"I must accept your explanation and
dismiss the case," said Judge Cabaniss,
"but I would advise you to be certain
when you again sell milk that the can
is well shaken before the price is
taken."
. Robert Sieke. master of the sturdy
tugboat Milton, faile"d to show good
cause why he should not contribute to
the support of his two minor children,
and Judge Cabaniss ordered him to
pay their mother $15 a month until
they are able to provide for themselves.
It was a pitiful tale that the mother,
Mrs. Adle SR-ke of. 201 L*angton stMet,
told the Judge. When she was di
vorced from Sieke two years ago the
court awarded her the* custody of the
children, now aged six and eight years,
respectively, and she worked to keep
them and herself alive until her health
broke down and she was Incapacitated
for toil. Her two brothers and a sister
kept the wolf from her door until one
brother died, another went East and
the sister also became an invalid. Then
she adopted the advice of well wish
ing neighbors, gulped her pride for her
children's sake and applied to the
court to compel their father to . help
her feed and clothe them.
In defense of his conduct Sieke
pleaded that he married again and. is
the father of a third child and. that
his salary of $65 a month is barely
adequate to keep his second family
from want. To which the Judge re
torted that no man has a right to un
dertake the responsibility of maintain
ing a second family until he has in
sured the offspring of his first mar
riage from becoming paupers. ,
In evident dread that the yellow dis
turber of the nervous young lodger's
slumbers mieht be resurrected in the
heat of legal debate, his Honor con
tinued the case another week, advis
ing the disputants to dwell in peace
during that period and forever after
ward. - """•
A yellow cat unexpectedly crept into
the testimony at the third hearing of
the Travers-Helbueh case before Judge
Mogan yesterday morning and for a
while threatened to upset the prose
cution's original theory, force adoption
of a new line of defense and necessi
tate Indefinite prolongation of the al
ready tedious dispute. Calamity was
averted, however, by the retirement of
the saff ron-hued intruder as suddenly
as it had been Introduced. There seem
ed to be Implied understanding' be
tween-the court and the attgrneys that
the animal's reappearance must be pre
vented at all hazards. .
Richard Travers of 110 Second ave
nue, Richmond District/ accused Spe
cial Policeman Fred Helbush, his next
door neighbor, of having maliciously
perforated the basement walls of the
Travers domicile with bullets fired from
a revolver. Helbush denied the charge,
and his wife was called to substan
tiate the denial. She it was who men
tioned the cat. In the Helbush home
dwelt a young man boarder, she said,
and he had often complained to her
of nocturnal serenades by the cat which
had murdered his sleep, because he was
a young man of nervous temperament.
She had not heard any shots fired' at
any time from any part of. her house,
and Ehe Just submitted. the' fact that
the young man had complained of the
caterwauling because '¦ it might serve
to throw light upon any shooting that
might have taken place without her
knowledge. ... , ' • , "
Other witnesses testified for the H de
fense, and most of their testimony was
apparently directed to the end of show
ing unreasonable antipathy of the com
plainant toward the defendant,', as
shown by the former's objection to the
latter's erection and maintenance of a
pigeon house in proximity to the Trav
ers residence. The exact distance of
the pigeon house from the Travers
house was variously estimated by the
witnesses, and for half an hour or more
the attorneys wrangled over it. In
the course of his perfervld pleading one
of the lawyers inquired if the pigeon
house was "disattached," . and then
amended his English by asking if it
was "non-touching" the premises of the
complainant.
That a good character is a convenient
thing to possess in certain emergencies
can be truthfully stated by Martin
Griffin, for it secured the dismissal of a
larceny charge against him in Judge
Mogan's court. \
Some clothing stolen from a house on
Tehama street was found in an unoc
cupied cellar from which Griffin had
just emerged, and he was followed by
two women, who had him arrested as
he was apparently endeavoring to elude
them. His defense was that he went
into the cellar, to recover a tobacco
pouch which' he. had accidentally
dropped down the staircase and that he
knew nothing whatever of how the
stolen property happened to be there.
After a careful investigation of the
defendant's character had been made
by order of Judge Mogan and the po
liceman had reported inability to find
anything criminal in it the case was
ordered dismissed and Griffith Informed
that he owed his liberation to the clean
liness of his record, Instead of 'to the
defense he set up.'
• • •
Police Officer Nelson told of the ar
rests and the events Immediately pre
ceding them. A : lot of Twenty-eighth
infantrymen .were holding wasail in the
Strasburg when a detachment of Tenth
infantrymen charged and attempted to
capture the floor and the ladies that
were gracefully swirling thereon, and
after a sharp and sanguinary defense
of their .fair partners the gallant
Twenty-eighters . were forced to fall
backward, but rallied and made a bar
ricade of chairs and other portable
furniture, behind which they placed the
ladies and then fought the invaders
until the police arrived. The men of
the Tenth retreated in order and evaded
arrest, but the interenched boys of the
Twenty-eighth were easy of capture.
The case has gone over until next
week.
As one ' of the results of a military
clash;; Jn . the . Strasburg dance hall, on
Pacific street, four privates of Company
A, Twenty-eighth Infantry, were be
fore. Judge Mogan on charges of dis
turbing the peace. Their' names are
James A. Lindsay, J..J. Wing, H. C.
Perring and Oma B. Ransom.
Judge Mogan • held Violet Carter • to
answer to the Superior Court on a
charge of having robbed a Portuguese
sailor of $140 and fixed her bail at $1000.
J. W. Stevens, a bartender in the
Washington-street • saloon where the
robbery occurred, was arrested for com
plicity in the felony, but . the case
against, him fell to pieces.
"But the charge seems to be proven,"
remarked; the. Judge, "and I would like
to be: enlightened as to why you ask
for dismissal."
Then the penitent complainant ex
plained that he asked for dismissal be
cause the defendants were unacquaint
ed with the subtleties of the English
language and American business meth
ods and because he expected get
back about 25 per. cent of the money he
had lent them.
"You seem to be quite a shrewd busi
ness man yourself," was the Judge's
sarcastic comment as "he dismissed the
case for lack "of prosecution. Then he'
addressed some sharp words of reproof
to. Newroth for having trifled with the
majesty of the law and the time of the
court. ' . ' ¦ ¦ • ' '¦'?'¦'
Louis W. Ne wroth had two Greek
restaurateurs, P. Catsiftis/and J. Gi
noles, arrested for mortgaging to him
for 5300 their place of business, 27 Sev
enth street, , after they had already
mortgaged it to some one else, but
when the case came up before Judge
Mogan' yesterday Newroth declined to
porsecute. 1 .
Judge Conlan held Frank West to an
swer in the SuDerior Court on a charge
of assault with intent to commit rob
bery and fixed the bail at $1000. It was
on December 25, 1903, that West was ar
rested for attempting to rob Nels Lar
aen at Thirteenth and Flllmore streets.
every since her' "arrest the defendant
has been ill and. the complainant de
clines to press the charge against her.
Mere Mention of the Animal by a Witness in the
Case of Travers vs. Helbush Threatens Plans
Originally Laid Down by Contending Attorneys
CAT OF YELLOWISH HUE
CAUSES ALARM IN COURT
THE SAN FRANGISeO/':CALL,':; SUNDAY^ MARCH 27, 1904.
32
'"' ADVEBTISEMENTS.
PHYSICIANS EVERYWHERE
Know the Value of Pyramid Pile Cure.
; "Gratitude alone prompts me to tes-
tify to the efficacy of Pyramid Pile
Cure.. Last March I bought a dollar
package at theHrus store, -which cured
me of bieedlngr pllea, and I was a suf-
ferer from them for eight years; but
I had not been troubled with them
¦lnce, until last September, when I
gave birth to a. baby girl, and after
that I had & very severe case of pro-
truding piles, which a trained nurse
said was the worst case she ever saw,
and my doctor told me to get Pyra-
mid Pile Cure again, which I did, and
was completely cured in three days.
I have not had piles of any kind since,
and It Is all owing to this wonderful
remedy. My nurse took a box, which
I was glad to be able to give her, for I
know she will be able to help lots of
suffering people -whom I could never
see or.know. .
. "I recommend 'Pyramids'- wherever
I knoW;Ofany one suffering as I did.
It gives me great pleasure to "be able
to say I am entirely cured, which my
doctor says is true. I say God bless
Pyramid Pile Cure." From a former
great sufferer, Mrs. F. Ancott, 1206
Unity street, Frankford, Philadel-
phia, Pa. - . ,\ ¦¦
"This remedy, which is sold. by drug-
gists .generally, in : 50 cent' and dollar
packages, is in a suppository form, is
applied directly to the parts affected
and performs .its work quietly and
painlessly.; Its value Is evidenced by
the testimony given above, and we
urge ; all sufferers to buy a package
now and give it a trial to-night. Ac-
cept no substitutes and remember that
there is no remedy "Just as good." A
-little book; on the Cause and Cure of
Piles is published; by. the Pyramid
Drug Company, Marshall, Mich., and
will be sent free to any address.
1« . y,- - ;. ;.-._; .. . ... ; \
I Doilar Tea
I Premium A|J coffees |
i Prf^ " Spices |
I ,*u C u Cent* Bakmg |
| with Each Worth powder |
II fa are Beauties a ft
'i/n^i thousand kinds yj& y
1^^ to Select from. «^|| |
I Great American Importing Tea Co's I
I Stores I
9 661 Mtrket £10 Gnnt at. 1419 Pclk f
H 140 Sixth 3819 Devi ffldero 705 lark in I
H 47SHalsht' 8006 Sixteenth 855 Hmyea i
MS28S Mission 621 Montff'jr ave. • E2 Market B
M2008 FiUmore 2516 Mission 146 ICinth E
H 366 Third , 2782 *4th . 469 Fourth g
ADVERTISEMENTS.
V/ vlvl v VI.
Dress Fabrics
This week we will have another special
opening of NEW: COLORED DRESS GCODS for
Spring wear. We call special attention to the
following new weaves and makes. These ara
in all the latest colorings and shades.
d> 13 00 ( "French Twine Etamlnes, 11 "Wool Batiste,"
chlrYrii ) "Chiffon Voile/' "French Wool Poplins"
v+riyara ( an(1 ., sirlpe(1 Fancu Voile."
d>i 2*5 ( n Fianrel Samite," "Fleur de Velomy 1
traivarrt i HTwo Tonel Examine," "Crape Popiine,"
v+r nyara ( r. Cn j fronSamlle ,, anl "Lattice Twine Cloth."
it>l 50 ( nFrencn Etamlnes, 11 "Fr enGh Voiles,"
inlliArrf ) npame c repes," "Chiffon Voile/ 1 "Panna
v+ruyara ( Cnirfon ,, anl "chiffon Cloth."
jfj/^QQ ( "Creps de Paris," "French Samite,"
I "FancD Etamlnes" anl "Imported French
We have also opened np the past week a
large shipment of GENUINE ENGLISH SICIL-
IANS and BRILLIANTINES, in colors, cream
and black. Also, a nice line of striped and
melange Alpacas. : .
• -'/ * Prices 5OC to $1,50 uarl
WRITE FOR SAMPLES OF ABOVE GOODS.
INDIUM "^2rCj>^)
ill, 113,115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET/
EXPERT OPTICIAN.
Insanity
aa4 aaay bodily 01s
»r» oftea thoreiultof
«SS* EYE STRAIN
Eye Beauty Eye Health
A Clear Eye
Eye Rest ' . Eye Comfort
CAJSt BZ3 ATTAXBTSS BT T7SX2TO
GEORGE MATEBLE'S German Eyewater. th«
greatest eye remedy In the world: perfectly
harmless; for infants and adults. Makes weak
eyes strong, sore eyes well. Rest* tired eyes.
Price 50 cents; by mall C2 cents.
HIGHEST OPTICAL SKH.Ii.
George Mayerle's reading, working and dis-
tance glasses strengthen the eyes and brain,
relieve the strain and preserve the tight.
These Glasses axe Invariably recommend-
ed by avery wearer.
SOMETHING NEW
George Mayerle's Antiseptic Eyeglass Wipen
give glasses a soothing and strengthening ef-
fect. Instantly relieve the strain, blurring
«n<i tiring of the eyes. Do not scratch th«
lenses. Give bright and clear vision. Pries
15c, 2 for 25c. Samples by mall. 13c
George Mayerle
German Expert Optician, opposite Hlbernia
Bank. 1071 Market st. Eye*
EXAMINED FREE
Open evenings until 0.
CUT THIS OUT.
Charsces Husband With Cruelty.
Lizzie Vlnchi yesterday filed a suit
for divorce against Prosper Vlnchi on
the erround of cruelty. Bhe alleges
that at their home at 8 Sunshine place
he cursed and abused her almost con-
tinuously and once struck her and
broke her nose.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
? -.¦»«••»» ¦»»¦»»¦¦.«.
Oriental Goods
At Wholesale Prices t
vr« oxr« o^iS^J? «*» «»• <«- <
Oriental Rugs
AND CURTAINS
At 25 Per Cent
SUc«ast fiom rern^ar retail pxlowt
W« ar«. sole »«tnt» for |
JOHN CROSSLEY & SON'S
CELEBRATED ENGLISH CARPETS
:Ghas. M. Plum & Co.
1 Cor. Oth and Market Sta.
: ? • ¦ ¦ • . ¦ .-' - ¦
¦¦ ADVEBTISEMENTS. '^
MATCHLESS BARGAINS
New Suits, Skirts and Waists
$25.00 -Voile Suit for $18.00— $4.do India Silk Waist $3.00—
Tailor-made Voile Suits with Extra quality India Silk Waists
capes and fancy trimmed jacket — -tucked and lace trimmed
and skirt. Regularly (£|Q AA front -and full' pouch sleeve.
$25.00. Sale price.. \\r\ Illl Colors white and /}»/• a/\
........ ......... viu.vv black Regu i arly $4 . 00 . %/z in)
$7.50 Etamine Skirt $5..oo— Black Sale price ....... r u#vv
Etamine Dress Skirt, full o-gore : $1.50 Lawn Waist 95c — Made fine
flare, .trimmed with bands of quality lawn; tucked
I silk and fancy silk Ar A A front and - back; : full /vp»
braid. Regularly $7.50. !KJ) Illl s pouch slteve. Regular U!1C
Sale price. ......... .. v price $1.50. Sale price.. /vv
Dress Goods Silks
75c Silk Knob Tweeds soc yard Blacle p Mt1 n ' c; n j-_-, ¦»_ "t,
-L" tan, gray, navy garnet and |tack|P^|De|Srfeg^ch
green m.xedRroundswth col- Excellent value at $1.25 OA '
ored silk' knob effects m red, . c,u nr : r - • XUr
blue, green, etc. All pure wool. *?!& ...... .Q^g
Width 38 inches. Suitable r»A_ ' " " '."-' "_' ', * ' '.' ' * -
v for outing suits. Regu- .¦ J||(J Swiss Chiffon Silks— Width' 18
larly 759 yard. Sale price. inches'; in small checks; in
$1.50 ¦ French 1 Chiffon Voiles 95c red, brown and green— a very
yard— Full range of ' new col- ; fashionable novelty. Very dur-
orings, including champagnes, able.- . Regular price 7qc rn
silver grays, delft blues, sea yard. Sale price.. •• !wC
greens, tobacco browns, heho- .'.;..... ............. ' v -v
trppc:and.arichfast-black..All . _. . . . : ..; ....". :
wool, soft arid sheer. Width 43 Fancy Silks— We are • showine
. 'inches.* $1.50 ajj»_ ; some of the latest novelties in
.yard. .Sale price. •••••• y^Jw fancy silks; in. choice fieured
..............'...•.•• effects. Colors . naw.. screen.
Si.coSilk Gloss Alpaca 50c yard brown, tan,, reseda and red:
.. —rExtra-, heavy iron_ frame -very desirable ;for shirt, waist.
weave, suitable for shirt waist r suits. Worth $1.00 ; to $1.2^
; suits.- Width 32 inches. Very .yard. .'Sale nr : \Ji Qr •
-silk; comes in gun metal gray. price .:..:../ *)C; /Illfl H^C
• : royalvblue.: tobacco brown, and. *_h % .... .... ¦ U W U11U UtFW
-deep fast- black.' Regu- PA"- -. , ¦ . ' ¦
. larly. $1.00 yard. 'Sale'JJJJgi ;';.; v,> . v . v.
: E x?RA^-^«^iiish .oJ Ribbon Special
ford Checks— 38 inches wide. ; «^ n -^
Colors ; navy and white and 25c Wash Taffeta. Ribbon i.sc
.black and white. . For shirt yard— For '..., neckwear, sashes,
waist suits and children's dress.'trimmihgs, ' etc. Width
school ¦- dfesess. Reeu->»rt-. - ¦•- '4% inches. Colors pink,. light
. ' larlyr 60c quality. ' Sale fk^C ¦' blue, cardinal, nile^green,
price yard ... ; . .: . . • .*• . v " maise, turquoise, black, <navy,
>"¦ All: dress roods spontred and* ; white and cream: vReccu-^r^r
shrunk free of charge. sWrite for' larly.. 25c yard. Sale |JQ -,
sarriples T of these 'specials; price .:...... ... .'. . . . . .- : .
¦Ms$&y tftfaxktx'&Ttssts
:¦ . Our exhibit of Easter novelties in the line of wearing
apparel for misses and children will appeal to all who are
looking for the best European and American ideas. The im-
mense variety-, the superior quality and the reasonable prices
wiil create .special interest.
. CHILDREN'S LAWN DRESSES, as illustrated; made
of fine white Persian lawn; daintily trimmed; G?*}
sizes io to 14 years '. ip^&t vl \J
. CHILDREN'S ORGANDY DRESSES, as illustrated;
trimmed line valenciennes lace and wide all-silk gros-
gram and satin ribbon ; sizes 8 to 14 years, season's
newest model — an exceptionally attractive dxessfi*/^ AA
for Easter wear V^»"" -,
SMALL '.LADIES' and MISSES' WHITE ORGANDY
SUITS, daintily trimmed with laces and rib- CIO CZ(\
bons; sbes 14 to 18 years VJ>IX»vl\/
Children'Sand Misses' Easter Hats
,-J . _ This season children's hats are exceptionally pretty. The
¦•'.' Magnin styles embrace the newest shapes and most exclusive
;• m trimmings — stj-les that' are sold exclusively by us. We make
a specialty of Children's and Misses' Tailor-made Hats which
", • possess touches of originality and style that is unsurpassed.
"'. . • Our prices will be found to be the most reasonable ever
, /: '• quoted on exclusive high-grade headwear.
•• . • ' CHILDREN'S HATS, made of fine imported lawn;
daintily trimmed; $1.O(> and upward.
:' . "; ' • CHILDREN'S FANCY STRAW HATS, daintily trim- N
v med with good quality of ribbons and French flowers;
. '. . §2.oO and upward.
" CHILDREN'S and MISSES'. HATS; original imported
models; J^5.5O and upward.
I Exquisite Waists for Easter Wear
New showing of LADIES' WAISTS, of imported hand-
fnade laces, embroidered in gold; all-over lingerie laces, silk
I lawns, silk chiffons, handkerchief linens. Irish and French
• linens.
Special Salem Ladies' Underwear
Department /f"^i\ \
Nothing is more ap- ft, / r w .V
propriate to wear under- .n'm. 1 c\ i'\vV\
neath a stylish' Easter '/! ft $ ii\' \ V\\\
dress than a fine white I] Jn k '' \-lvw5i :
lingerie skirt. fa j I \ i' jfi^Mivv'^ I
io-morrow we will /7i^tP'i-~T^'^>^X^^ A
\ offer a skirt (same style Mlffir&vffiSi$&@^ H
as illustrated); made of /WwfWll V^t^^w-
j fine quality of imported /rMMB^A^ IsSliiSff^V
blind embroidery of the A^^^^^^PPfe fc?.*k
de^fn CXCluSivC Frcnch /^^^^%»T^ifeSB&i^
An S8.50 va!ue. posl-
tlvely for to- 1>r eZfi
morrow only <])O.OU x **&&&*f s^
9/8 - 322 AfAK/<£7 iST
Our new 6*-page Spring and Summer Catalogue will be sent
• free to out-of-town customers. We are exclusive Pacific Coast
. agents for the "ARNOLD" goods, formerly sold by Mrs. Ober.
¦^^ Sm " iiw ' w * w "* w ';; > " >m * iw ' i '''' w "»'"»SSS
There are 109 slate, eighty-four i country and the value of their com-
marbla and 205 clay quarries in this I bined products is J13.000.000.
\ showing every novelty of
the season in high-class 'iJSl
| moderate prices. i
MILLINERY SPECIAL FOR EASTER WEEK #
LADIES 1 COVERT COATS
| EASTER SALE OF UNDERSKIRTS . f
T«.wn Skirt, heavily embroidered, deep flounces, two rows of inser-
' tlon and tucks. Reduced from JS.OO to..|. '••••85.OO ]
. I I EASTEK WAISTS XXT GSEULT VABIETT.
\ T /~\ f\ If TT-» CLOAK AND FUR
V I Jl II J f?P COMPANY
v v -* r V^ V^ M^d 217 :6HANT ; AVENUE~ CHICAGO. March 2S.— The will of t!» late
J?see SpaMin? leaves an estate oi $4,650,000
•stlrely to members of the tamllr
TTASHE.-GTO.V. March 3B.— Sererml ra*m
btr» of th* Istluaiaa Casal Coismiaatcn taoit
I<»v« «» tfc* Pirai-ieat to-day prior ta their
*cs*rt=re.fcr Fa-aaa ca Tuescay.
borders of - the State "Mother" Jones
of Pennsylvania, W. R- Fairley . of Ala
bama, .William Wardjon of Iowa,.Chris
Evans of Indiana and Edward Demolli
of Utah. .The four- men. named are or
ganizers of .the United Mine Workera
of America. The coal companies claim
that: if these persons are taken oat of
the district two-thirds of the strikers
will return to.work.. ¦ .... . . ¦
Santa Clara County Exhibit Ready.
bAN JOfci^. March 2«.— The county
exhibit for the Sc Louis Exposition £
ready for shipment. It comprises
more than 10C0 pieces of farm
orchard, mineral and other exhibits
A thirty-fwo pnge book descriptive of
the county will be distributed at the
UNION, Mo, March 26. — George
Collins, the bank robber, tras hanged
in the Jailvard at 1:35 o'clock to-day.
Collins ascended the scaffold calmly
and deliberately. He glanced once at
the noose and then dropped his eyes.
Just as the cap was adjusted Collins
uttered his last words to a jail guard.
"Well, good-by. old man." Collins'
neck was not broken and he died from
strangulation.
Mi--ouri Bank Robber Hanzed.
Inventor JlarconTs FatJjer Dead.
ROME. March 26.— Giuseppe Marconi,
father of the Inventor, died at Bologna
to-day, aged S3 years.
Lnbcrcr Crushed by Cave-In.
BAKERinELD, March 2«. — Mar
rejo Hernandez, a laborer employed
by the K<?rn County Land Company,
was fatnJiy injured to-day by the
cave-in of an excavation on which h*
wai working near this city. He is
now in the hospital and cannot sur-
A steady growth is the natural condl
t tion of things. This applies to a roan's
' income as well as to -verything else. Th#
t ma a who tries to get rtca quick gener
1 ally overshoots the mark, while the man
i wfco av«s climbs steadily to the top and
f appreciates his money as he accumulates
[ It. ard is more certain to keep- It. The
! secret of success is saving, and this can
1 not be begun too early in life. Begin
1 now. You can open a savings account
-with the Pho*»nix Savings B. and I*
Assn.. 51 S California street, with as
sro&ll a sum as SI. On ordinary accounts
4fc per cent Is paid and on thos« of 1190
or more for yearly terms. * per cent: In
terest payable semi-aanually. A guaran
tee eapital of I.'0').')0'> Is an absolute
safeg-oard of all fands. The saT>scrib«>d
capital is $3,009,909; paid in capital. *:.
009.0<h>. Directors.- A- A- Tfatisins. Chas.
R. Bi33op. S. Prentiss Smith. CIarenc«
Grange. Gavin McNab. Geo. C Board
man. Chas. E. Ladd._ •
VICTORIA. B. C. Starelt 2S.— H. M. Sw
Bocav«ntara. •ecomt dads eroiser. to socowtt
H. M. S. Grxfton aa ffjursiip on tMs station.
»rrt»ed (ran England e*rty titia moralaf a£t*r
, 11 caev-stral *o;ass.
Slowly Get Rich.
Dr. Louis A- Kengla. a well-known
local surgeon, died yesterday at hi3
home on Clay street, where he has
been ill for some time. He was a
native of Washington. D. C, 43 years
of ase, and leaves a wife and two
children.
Dr. Louis Kenzla Dies.
All is reported quiet to-night- at St.
Charles. ; Jt is the belief that the most
objectionable negroes. have been slain
and no further trouble is looked, for.
DE WITT, Ark, March ,26.— Two
more negroes have been put to death
near St. Charles, making eleven ne
groes that have been killed as the-re
sult of the rioting . whfch began. last
Monday. -Keins ; Johnson, the last of
the band of : negroes that caused the
trouble, was shot to death to-day.
Perry . Carter -was found dead In the
woods near ." where ¦ the five negroes
were slain -Thursday -night by citizens.
Tragic Culmination * of ' the Rioting
Which Disturbed a Town in
Arkansas. .
NEGROES ARE „ Kn^KD V
AND PEACE PREVAILS
Delegates to Rebekah Assembly.
SANTA CRUZ, March 2$.— Isabella
Lodge of Reb-kahs has selected the
f;!Io-King delegates to the Rebekah As
sembly to be held in San Francisco in
May: Mrs. Susie J. Harris. Mrs. Jes
si* W. Fargo, Mrs. GTen Reed. Miss
Netti Bucfcr.an, Mrs. Ida Kelly and
Mrs. Annie Bradley.
Brotherhood of - Locomotive Engin
!". teers Finds It Difficult to Secure
. Trarisportatfon to That City.
* LOS •ANGELES,,? March 2 S. — There
Is a chance -that Los "Angeles may not
entertain the, national convention of
the Brotherhood of Locomotive En
gineers on ' May 11, notwithstanding
the selection of this city as the place
of meeting by the convention held at
Norfolk. -Va. The local committee on
arrangements • for the convention ft-^«
received a' telegram from Grand Chief
Engineer W. S. Stone of .Cleveland. O-,
sayfng - that owing to the difficulty in
securing transportation for the dele
gates east; of: the Alleghaniea the con
vention probably will meet at some
central , point. The local committee
had already gone to great expense and
all arrangements had been-; made to
entertain 500 or more delegates, and
now it'asks "the Chamber of Com
merce to take the matter in hand and
to lend its assistance to brinsr the con
, ventlon here- Secretary , Zehandelaar
of the Chamber of" Commerce. has tak
en'-, the '¦> question . up with -; Chief Stone
by telegraph and- is using every argu
ment to induce the grand chief to
change .bis decision and meet in -this
city. , V • - . ¦ ¦ " - . . ¦
LOS ANGELES MAY LOSE
> A NATIONAL CONVENTION
Informal remarks were made by Sld
ney-V. Smith, Thomas Flint Jr.. Ed
ward MiU3 Adams and others.
Among those present were Edward
Mills Adams. V. M. Alvord, F. A. An
drews. F. H. Baxter, L. D. Bishop. Wil
liam B. Bosley, N. E. Boyd. J. R.
Buchanan. H. H. Burton, W. E. CahilL
B. R. Chaplin, A. E. Clark, E. W. De
coto. W. B. Esterfy, A. C.-B. Fletcher,
J. Fletcher, Thomas Flint Jr.. W. N-
GabrUI. Professor Charles Mills Gay
ley. J. W. DuB. Gould. Charles- H. Ham,
Leon F. Harvey, D. F. Irvtn, S. C- Irr
ins. Philip Mills Jones, N. S. Kelsey, N.
Livermore. H. P. Mathews, C. B. Moore.
E. A. Palmer, C E. Parkinson, George
Partridge. H. S. Pond, F. S. Ray. Leon
J. Richardson. W.S. Roe. Dr. E. R. Sin.
Sidney V. Smith. R, Spaldlng, A. R.
Traphagen and R. H. Warfield.
Upsilon Union, an association of "the
graduate members of the fraternity
residing on the Pacific Coast and in
the Hawaiian and Philippine Islands.
The arrangements were - under the
charge of Edward Mills Adams, the
secretary- Sidney V. Smith, presided.
There were present members of chap
ters of the different universities of. the,
country from Maine to California.
Reminiscence* of old college days
were indulged in and an enjoyable
evening was spent by^the large com
pany present.
A dinner was given last evening at
the California Hotel by the Pacific Psi
Memtxrrs of Pacific Psi XTpsOoa Hold
- a .. Reunion at the Call
. fomia HoteL
COLLEGE GRADUATES
GATHER AT BANQUET
STOCKTON. March 26. — Cornellu3
Swain, a pioneer and well-to-do
farmer In this county, pa.«ssed away at
his residence in this city early this
morning at the age of 78 years. He
was a member of the Masonic fra
ternity and will be buried under the
auspices of that order. Besides a
wife, a daughter of the late John A.
Logan, six children are left to mourn.
San Joaqnin Pioneer Dies.
PORTLAND". Or.. March 26. — The
Federal Grand Jury to-day reported
indictments against Charles Cunning
ham. Mark Shackleford. Glen Saling.
Shelly Jones, Asa Rayburn. Dallas
O'Hara and Kate James, all of Pen
dleton. Or., for conspiracy to defraud
the Government of lands In Eastern
Oregon.- The rest of the present ses
sion of the jury will be devoted large
ly to the Investigation of land and
timber frauds In this State.
Land Fraud Indictments Reported.
NEW YORK, March 26. — Dan Daly,
the comedian, died suddenly . to-<Iay
in his room in the Vendome HoteL
For several years he has suffered from
consumption. He got up this after
noon and while dressing was seized
with a £t of coughing which brought
on a fatal hemorrhage. His wife died
suddenly two weeks ago In Revere,
Mass., and he felt the lost keenly.
Comedian Dan Daly Dead.
NAPA. Mirch 26. — An unidentified
can was struck by the Napa Junction
local train this evening and probably
fatally injured. .He was lying with
his head next to one of the raiis on a
pile of sacks used to protect the track
si^ainst washouts. The engine struck
him on the head and body, breaking
h:r Jawbone and both arms. He wa3
either asleep or drunk at the time. He
1« not expected to recover. H-i cam?
Jier* about ten days ago and had b»en
working at th-? Palace HoteL Friday
;he •cas paid off and it is presumed h»
tvent on a i^ree with his earnings!
Sot far as knonn he has no relatives in
Napa 'or vicinity.
Junction Local Train.
Go*?s to Sleep Alongside Railroad
Track and I« Struck by Napa
rNTDENTTFIED MAS MEETS
WITH A FATAL ACCIDENT
Well-Known Youmr San Franciscan
Passes Awaj at Santa Barbara.
SANTA BARBARA. March 26.— W.
F. Dohrmann, a tveil known San Fran
cisco young man and a son of F. W.
Dohrmann of that city, died here to
night from an attack of acute pneu
monia. Dohrmann came here about
four months ago, accompanied by his
wife, and made many friends in this
city. He vras taken ill about a week
aga, but his condition was not thought
to be critical. The body will be sent to
San -Francisco for interment.
DEATH OF W. F. DOHRMAXX.
A reauisition for material to con
struct rile drivers ;has been" sent to
Washington and the 560,000 now
available for harbor improvements
will, be drawn on in making prepara
tions to - begin work In earnest when
$150,000, recently appropriated by
Congress, will become available on
July 1.
The great volume of water, passing
through Mare Island Straits dally thus
confined will. scour out and maintain
achannel second' to none at any of
the country's navy yards.
VALLEJO, March 26. — Prepara
tions for the improvement of the
channel opposite the navy ' yard are
well advanced. Under the direction
of Civil Engineer Harry H. Rousseau,
U. S. N., engineers some weeks ago
made soundings and ran lines. The
data thus gathered has been worked
Into blue prints, to make plain exactly
what is to be done.
In brief, the channel is to be con
fined by the extensive lines of spring
piling and the force of the current
will provide and maintain a depth of
thirty feet of water rn that part of
.Msre Island Straits that is necessary
for naval purposes. The width of .the
confined channel will be 60Q feet and
the spring piling will extend for 4000,
parallel with the ebb and flow of the
tide.
Special . Dispatch to Tie Call.
Officers Hurry the Arrange
ments for Improvements
in Mare Island Straits
Break Into a Red Bluff Hardware
: . Store and >tral Knives, Razors,
and Revolvers.
RED BLUFF, March ; 26. — The '
cardTt-are store cf Leon L. Beal was
'«nt*red'!ast night and robbed of about
$-3 SO worth of knives, razors and re
volvers. The burglars took only what
they. could carry away in their pock
ets.
This makes the second burglary of
t*hLs character which has taken place
Trithin the iast few months. The Con*»
& Kimball Company's store was bro
ken into recently and a number of
'grsTJi, revolvers and knives taken. En
trance to the Beal store was effected
by removing a pane of glass in the
rear door.
BURGLARS CARRY OFF
CONSIDERABLE PLUNDER
CHANNEL WORK
SOON TO BEGIN
"Always loyal to engagements en
tered into, I raise my glass and drink
to the health of the King and Queen,
of the brave Italian army and navy
and of the sympathetic Italian peo
ple."
While the King was driving from
the station to the harbor a man pushed
through the crowd, and. approaching
the royal carriage, tried. to hand a pe
tition to the King. The man was ar
rested and taken to a police, station,
where he was identified a3 an ex
policeman, who on the occasion of a
former visit of King Victor Emmanuel
to Naples arrested &n anarchist named
Guerrero, who threw stones at the
royal train, breaking a window.
GENOA, March 2S.— The North Ger
man Lloyd steamer Koenig Albert,
which came on here after transferring'
Emperor William to, the imperial yacht
Hohenzollern, at Naples, was in colli
sion at the entrance to the harbor with
the Norwegian steamer. Slcilia. Some
of the Koenlg Albert's plates were bent.
The Sicilia was last reported . sailing
from the Tyne March a for a Spanish
port. ; , _ "
During the luncheon on the Hohen
zollern King Victor Emmanuel toasted
Emperor William. He said:
"My people and I recognize and love
in your Majesty a faithful and sure
friend. The bonds which for so many
years have united our states to' one
common ally have been the strongest
guarantee of European peace. They
should so remain."
Emperor William replied: "The idea
of the triple alliance is engraved, in an
ineffaceable manner "on the minds or
our subjects. The alliance contracted
by our illustrious predecessors and by
the venerated head of the House of
Hapsburg has. become for our people
a blessing and, for Europe a sure bul
wark of peace.' under the protection of
which peaceful development of the na
tions will continue without interrupt
tion.
NAPLES. Italy, March 26. — King
Victor Emmannel, . accompanied | by
Foreign Minister Tittoni, arrived here
at noon to-day and shortly afterward
boarded the German yacht Hohenzol
lern. After » lunching, with Emperor
William the King went on board the
Italian flagship hlcilia, where he was
rejoined by the Emperor, with whom
he inspected the Italian fleet, com
posed of fifteen warships, besides tor
pedo-boats.
COLORADO EXECUTIVE. MIX
ERS' FEDERATION PRESIDENT
AND OXE OF THE NATIONAL.
! GUARD OFFICERS.
During- his long career in San Fran
cisco he enjoyed a prominent position
in business and social circles, where
h-? vras highly esteemed, being a man
of noted integrity and whose influence
counted for much in commercial af
fairs. The funeral will take place to
morrow.
Mr. Walker was a native of Maine,
<5 1 years of age, and is survived by his
\rife and a daughter. Mrs. F. W. Hen
shaw, wife of the Associate Justice of
the State Supreme Court.
Ke passed away at his residence,
2500 Broadway, after a prolonged ill
ness, the beginning of which caused
him to abandon active business about
a year ago.
Death yesterday claimed one of the
most widely known men tn San Fran
cisco in the person of Oscar V. Walker,
one of the founders of the San Fran
cisco Stock Exchange Board and for
many years its chairman.
Tictor Emmanuel; 'Accom
panied by German Euler,
lte views Vessels at Naples
DEATH CLOSES
THE CAREER OF
OSCAR WALKER
KING INSPECTS
ITALIAN FLEET
'Another Financial Institution Slakes
Proposition to Straighten Out Af
fairs of Orange Growers.
*• RIVERSIDE, March 26. — A paper
¦was* circulated to-<iay among- the de
positors of the suspended Orange
Growers National Bank, asking them
oto give their assent to the transfer of
the business cf the sv^srended bank to
the Citizens Bank cf Riverside. The
document is signed by tire oScers of
tie Orang* Growers National •R.-iriir
end is said to have the Eanctioii of
National Bank Examiner J. W. -Wil
son, who has been acoointed receiver
cf the suspended institution by the
Comptroller of the Currency. The
proposition is to have the Citizens
Bank take over all business, straight
en out the affairs of the National
F.inic and pay dollar for dollar of its
I tbUlttes.
• It is said here that the Citizens
Bank i«. backed by a strong national
tank" of Los Ans-eles.
DEPOSITORS OF SUSPENDED
BANK MAY GET THEIR MONEY
SAN JOSE, March 2*— At Us* -meetin* of
the Su Jow Gransje to-day it waa determined
t ' bold a farmers' institute At some dite - ia
tie sear future.
DENVER. Colo.. March 2 S.—Gov
ernor Peabody and Attorney General
Miller held a conference this after
noon, at which it is reported a plan
for the deportation of non-resident
union leaders from the Southern Cali
fornia coal fields was agreed upon. It
is • said that the Governor has in
structed Major Zeph T. H11L military
commander at . Trinidad, to secure a
special train and escort beyond the
The miners' commissary department
and the headquarters of the strike
leaders are in the same building as
the II Trovatore Italiano's ofllce. The
soldiers placed a padlock on the door
and refused to allow any one either to
enter or leave. A large number of
strikers were locked outside the build
ing and an armed picket was placed
outside. As this was one of the days
of each week on which supplies are
issued to strikers and their families
some hardship wa3 entailed.
.. A thorough search of the strikers'
camp in the bottoms for firearms was
made to-day by soldiers, but the only
weapons found there was one shot
gun, one toy rifle, a revolver and fifty
shells. Major Hall has established a
press censorship.
The resolutions adopted importune
the national board to devise ways and
means to extend the strike into Wyom
ing and New Mexico and renew the of
fer to confer with the operators.
NEWSPAPER OFFICE SEIZED.
The office of II Trovatore Italiano
was seized to-day by a squad of sol
diers, under command of Major Ran
dolph, and this week's issue, which
was ready for distribution, was con
fiscated. It is claimed that this paper
has been inciting the strikers to vio
lence.
TRINIDAD. Colo., March 25.— The
decision unanimously reached by the
committee of District No.* 13, United
lline Workers, to continue the strike
in the Southern Colorado coal fields,
was in accordance with the advice of
President Jchn Mitchell. A telegram
was received from President Mitchell,
tn which, it is understood, he express
ed the opinion that it would be suicidal
for the local strike leaders to give in
this time, when the military had
superseded the civil authorities. He
urged the local union to observe relig
iously all orders and mandates deliv
ered by the authorities, and warned
them against the* commission of any
overt acts, no matter what the provo
cation.
TELLURIDE, Colo., March 28.—Sher
iff Rutan arrived here this afternoon,
having President iloyer of the Western
Federation of Miners in custody. Moyer
was at cnce arraigned and waived pre
liminary examination. He was bound
over under $300 bonds. No effort was
made to get bail to-night and he will
remain in prison until ilonday.
While waiting for the train bringing
in iloyer a number of soldiers standing
at the depot were fired upon by some
unknown parties from the surrounding 1
"hills. No one was hurt. A detachment
of sixty soldiers are searching the hilla
for the men who fired the shots.
OURAY, Colo., March 26.— On instruc
tions received from Sheriff R.utan of
San Miguel County, Sheriff Maurice
Corbett of Ouray County placed Presi
dent Charles Moyer of the Western
Federation of Miners under arrest here
to-day. Moyer was placed in jail to
await the arrival of Sheriff Rutan.
Fearing an attempt by the miners to
release Moyer, Sheriff Corbett an
nounced that Sheriff Rutan would not
reach Ouray until between 3 and 4
o'clock this afternoon. However, Rutan
arrived, shortly after 1 o'clock and
reached the County Jail without being
discovered. Moyer was turned over to
him, and he left with his prisoner at
2:15 o'clock, before Meyer's friends
learned of his arrival.
FLAG DESECRATION CHARGED.
The -warrant upon which he was
taken into custody charges him with
desecrating the American nag. and the
complaint was sworn to by M. A.
Wood of Telluride. The alleged dese
cration consisted in using pictures of
the flag with inscriptions printed be
tween the bars as posters.
A dozen men took a wagon and drove
to Ridg«way after President Moyer's
arrest. It was reported that they in
tended to intercept Sheriff Rutan and
his prisoners, but it turned out that
they Intended to go to Telluride to test
the injunction. When they arrived at
Ridgeway they were met by the Meeker
cavalry troop and told not to go to
Telluridfi.
Situation in Coal
Fields More
Alarming.
Bullets Are Fired
at Troops at
a Station.
The charges were once dismissed in
the Justice Court without prosecution
and several of the defendants have
never been rearrested. One of them,
H. T. Fertig, is now in Japan. The de
fendants are Joseph Chansior, a mil
lionaire of Los Angeles; H. P. Ander
son and a number cf others of equal
prominence. If the matter is not
brought to. trial by April IS it will be
barred by the statute of limitations.
BAKERSFIELD. March 2S.— Attorney
General Webb has appointed W. W.
Kaye of this city special counsel to
prosecute the charges of assault with
Intent to commit murder against eight
of the rrcminent oil men made by J. T.
Walker and George T. Cornell growing
out of the famous midnight battle in
the Midway cil fields in April. 1301, Dis
trict Attorney Laird being disqualified
on account cf having been counsel for
the defendants.
Eighteen firemen who were working
their way into the. Adams Express
Company's building had a remarkably
narrow escape from being crushed by
falling walls. They had Just entered
the building from the Trinity place side
when the three upper stories caved in
and fell with a crash just as the men
pained the street. With the collapse of
the floors the fire blazed up more
fiercely.
The burning buildings reached
through to a narrow alley in the rear,
and as the wind eddied through it
swept clouds of smoke into Broadway,
so thick that only occasionally could
the flames be seen. The smoke rolled
up the street, hemmed in by the tall
buildings, and great Caming brands fsll
thickly in the crowds.
Closely following the first alarm a
"four" was turned in. and then, with
the warning of the Baltimore fire in
mind, a "two-nine," the dreaded gen
eral alarm, followed. Engine after en
gine, followed by their hoae trucks,
water towers and ladder trucks, swept
clanging down Broadway, the only
street of access to the fire, bringing in
their wake additional thousands cf peo
ple to swell the crowd that already
packed every inch of standing room in
the vicinity. Bursting hose and a back
roll of choking smoke now and then
drove them back and aided the police
reserves to clear the streets.
Being so near Wall street, the blaze
attracted more than 100.000 specta
tors. It took 300 policemen to main
tain order. The building burned was
an old fashioned five-story structure
overlooking Trinity Church.
* Smoke poured into the offices of the
Wella-Fargo Express Company at 63
Broadway, compelling all in the build
ing to flee- Before leaving the clerks
hastily threw $ 100.000 in gold, silver
and checks Into canvas bags and car
ried the treasure in safety to a bank.
Several alarms called out forty-four
companies to fight the fire. Chief Cro
1 ker was called from the deathbed of
I his mother in Bloomfield. N. J.. so
threatening did the blaze appear at
one time.
The fire was confined to the build
ing in which it started.
When the neighborhood in which
the fire occurred is taken.. ioto con
sideration it was the most spectacular
daytime blaze that has occurred for
I a long time in that part of the city.
I Thousands of people poured from the
thickly populated financial district
into the narrow canyon of Broadway
and massed back for squares above
and below the blaze. The towering
skyscrapers that, face the fire held a
j group of faces at every window.
NEW YORK. March IS. — Fire to
day gutted a building at 59 to 61
Broadway, the premises of the -Mor
ris. Eurooean. the Ajnerlcan and
other express companies, causing a
loss of $100,000 or more.
Charge Is Assanlt With In
tent to Commit Murder
and Bakersfield Attorney
Will Conduct the Trial
Flames Spread With Light
ning Like Eapidity and
for a Time- Threaten to
Baffle Efforts of Fijemen
g".ven a little more freedom and the
cSar does not keep so close to him.
tut all his movements are watched. For
ever two weeks new tie ex-City Treas
arer has been uzier the s'^rveillancer of
a detective. It is said that HcGeoghe
g-an.has expressed himself as preferring
to fe in jail to being shadowed.
•The detective states that McGeoghe
pm at times tx?co=r«s nervous, and en
cue occasion broke down. He is still
canvassipg among- his friends trying to
raise the amount of his shortage, but
!t is net believed he will be able to get
together th» $$000.
Expert Keare is stiH at rsrerk upon
the ¦bocks of the City Treasurer, and
wIH .probably report Monday. At that
tin-.« ;t is believed McGeohegan will be
.SAN JOSE, March 2S.— Ex-City Treas
urer ilcGecjiiegan has tired of having
& detective at his heels pending the
Ji-dlf-g cf the exact amount of his de
falcation. Yesterday he had a row with
Vrit detective and threatened to beat
him* If the annoyance were continued.
It is said that the men came nearly to
HcGecghegan since then has been
;.-^l Zrtss*.tch t» Tbe Can.
United States District Attorney
Dyer delivered the closing argument.
He asked the jury to put aside the
fact -that the defendant la a Senator
of the United States In considering
the evidence. He referred to the ex
ecution-of-Collins at Union. Mo., by
saying that the law could cot consider
whether the hanging of Collins
brought tears to those who loved him.
The law. Colonel Dyer said. Is the im
portant factor — it must be obeyed.
notwithstanding who or what the per
son may be. He quoted from, section
IIS2 of the Revised Statutes and re
ferred to the testimony of the Govern
ment witnesses in general terms, call
ing Dartlcular attention to that part
which referred directly to the allega
tion of the Government that Senator
Burton accepted fees from the Rialto
Company for appearing before the
PostoSce Department in the interest
cf the Rialto concern.
Judge Krcm attacked the specific
charges alleged "tn the indictment. He
declared the Government had failed to
prove that Senator Burton had at
tempted to U3e his influence with any
officer of the Postofice Department
to prevent, tha Issue of a fraud order
agalE3t the Rialto Grain and Securi
ties Company. He asserted that "not
one iota of evidence had been Intro
duced In which a projected fraud wa3
mentioned.**
The closing argrnnent far the de
fense, was made by Judge Chester
Krum. He called the Jury's attention
to the provision of section 1TS2 of th*
Revised Statutes, under which the in
dictment was found, that should th*
defendant be convicted he win forever
be prevented from holding any offlca
under the Government of the United
States. H» cited this, he said, so the
jury, ia considering the case, would
carefully weigh tha fact whether a.
Senator of the United States, a lawyer
and a far-sishted man would render
himself to be forever debarred from
holding a Federal oclce for the consid
eration he received from the Rialto
Company. . Judge Xruzn did not review
the evidence in detail, but devoted his
argument to placing the facts in the
case, as deduced by the evidence, be
fore the jury.
' / . ATTACKS INDICTMENT.
-T*ynaTTn wu followed by Bert IX
' Norton!, Assistant District Attorney.
1 who confined himself almost exclusive
ly to the reasons alleged \>y the Gov
ernment for which Senator Burton was
. employed by the Rialto Company. He
quoted freely from the transcript of
.the evidence siven by the witnesses
of the Government, and attempted to
'¦ bring strongly before the Jury the con
tention of the prosecution that Sen
ator Burton •was engaged by the Rialto
Company solely for his influence as
a United States Senator tn any mat
ters that might come to the attention
of the Postnffice Department affecting
that concern.
Dyer was followed by Attorney F.
W. Lehmann, who made the opening
argument for the defense. He briefly
summed up, the evidence brought out
during the triaL Lehmann laid espe
cial stress upon the testimony given
by Senator Eurton. and brought out
strongly the explanation given by
Burton as to the reasons for his em
ployment by the Rialto Grain and Se
curities Company.
QUOTES t FROM EVIDENCE.
PostcfSce Inspector W. J. Vlckary cS
Cincinnati was placed ca the stand to
day to rebut the testimony given, yes
terday by Colonel TV. W. Smith, pri
vate secretary of Senator Burton. In
spector Vickery testified that be had
Listened to- the testimony cf Colonel
Smith, la which the latter stated that
as Chief PostoSce Inspector Cochrana
wa3 leaving the Senator, In company
with himself, Cochrane had said to
Burton. "I know. Senator, that you did
not represent any one In any depart
ment Cor compensation."*
Vlckery testified that no such, state
ment was made by Cochrane.
H. L. Dyer, Assistant United States
District Attorney, then opened the ar
guments for tbe Government. J»o limit
was placed on the time for arsument
by either side.
ST. LOUIS, March 2S.— The trial of
United States Senator J. R. Burton of
Kansas, charged with having Illegally
accepted fees from the Rialto Grain
and Securities Company, was conclnded
this evening and the case submitted to
the Jury. It was announced at a late
hour to-night that there would he no
verdict returned before- to-morrow.
AUTHOEITIES PLAN
QUICK ACTION AT LAW
EXPBESS COMPANIES
AEE THE SUFFEEEBS
Heport on the Exact Amount
of the Defalcation Xay Be
\Mjade To-Morrow and Then
His Arrest Is Expected
Declares That Testimony
Shows That the Defendant
Illegally Accepted Fees
From the Bialto Company
HcGEOGHEGAX'S BOOKS
STILL BEING EXPEBTED
Five-Story Building Over
looking Trinity Church
Is "Gutted by Fire, Caus
ing a Loss of $100,000
Attorney General of the State
Appoints Special Counsel
in the Celebrated Midway
~3Iidnight Battle Case
DISTBICT ATTOBNEY
ASKS A CONYICTIOX
Former City Treasurer of
San Jose Doesn't Belish
the Shadow of an Of
ficer on the Streets
Burton Case Is Submitted
After Lengthy Arguments
by Counsel and Jurors Are
Locked TJp for the Night
OIL MEN
ARE TO BE
PROSECUTED
DAYLIGHT
BLAZE IN
NEW YORK
DETECTIVE
MAKES HIM
WRATHFUL
SENATOR'S
FATE RESTS
WITH JURY
WESTERN FEDERATION OF MINERS' PRESDENT
ARRESTED BY THE COLORADO AUTHORITIES
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY,. MARCH* 27, 1904.
Pages33To'44
* *
* : . ! »
Pages33to44PARIS. March 2C— The Court of Cassation
to-day heard the testimony by General Mercer,
former Minister of War, and/one of the chief
witnesses in the Dreyfus InvestlBatlon. The
hearing was private and lasted six hours.
Plunger beat Jessie Dear, 0-4; Lily York beat
Hero. 6-D: Royal Friend beat Balendlne. 8-4-
Jerry. "Wright beat Wapsee, IM; Intruder beat
riusty Ax. 5-1; Yellowtall beat Terra . Cotta
4-1: Viking beat Slicvcnanicn.' 7-2; Conroy beat
Lucky Shamrock, C-3: Equator beat Glaucus
G-O;. Sea Lion- beat -Van ¦ Nora. 15-12; Doc
13urns beat Joe Pasha,- 3-0; Fannie. Hughi*
beat Emln : Bey, 0-0; Fontenoy beat Gold Lil.r*
25-12; . Northern ' Alarm beat " Krishna, a-2*
Iteckless . Acrobat beat Wild Nora, (i-3; F u li
Mcon b»at r Jleamoroo,' 5-0; Prometheus beat
Ccmmerclal Traveler, 8-4: Wattles beat ' Ren
cgade Apache. 7-6; Drifting Dawn beat Moun
tain Echo. 15-8: Vina beat Princess " Savoy
4-0; Maid ot the Glen 'beat Bob R, 5-2 ¦-.-¦¦;¦¦
Time Lock ' on Beefsteak.
An Iola man recently stopped for a
while in a small town in Kentucky.
One ' day he went to the local butcher
shop and called for a porterhouse steak.'
"I have just started in on this -beef, " :
said the butcher,- "and I won't be ' down
to the porterhouse until about' 2 o'clock.
Come' in then 'and you "can; getVone."
The. method of the butcher "was to; lay
half a beef on his brock and (commence
at one end and cut along^ until r it; was
gone/serving his customers with pieces
all ; the '<¦ way from the hoof to the neck
regardless -of >. , their references^Kan
sas City Journal. • V
BERLIN. March 26.— Herr : Moeller, Prussian
Minister of Commerce and Industry will tra
to the United States in the summer to studv
Industrial and transportatlpn matters. He will
be acconmanicd by a number of • exnerta In
various lines and will remain two months In
America.
I Open stake: First round — Mark Twain beat
St. Conn. 7-4: Sir Wlnton beat Belfast, . 12-0;
Ccsette be*t Eai'.e, 11-8; Fenll beat Street
locust. 4-1: Clover Blossom beat Redwood
Lad. 5-2; Silver Cloud beat Meddlesome, 6-0;
.Toronto beat Ella May,' 0-1; Mi Amigo beat
Flower of Kerry. 6-4 ; Rose of Gold ' beat J.
E. H.. 3-1; Young; Johnnie I>x L beat Black
Coon. 4-3; t.Touns Fearle«» beat • Foxhuntor,
3-2: Crawford Delle beat Crawford . Rex. - 11-1;
Money Musk beat Van Alba. 3-2: Aurelia beat
Little Lucy. 3-2:* Sofala beat .Torn Ilurllck.
3-2; Haphazard, beat Golden ¦ Llcht. 8-1:
Ouida. beat Luxury. 3-2: Lulu Girl beat Walter
G. 8-0: Firm Fellow b».at Ragtime. 3-2: Merry-
Go-Rcund beat Una. 3-2; Don' Pedro beat Only
Me, 14-1; Orslna beat Oregon, n-2: Pasha
l'leasant beat Frisky Boy. 4-3: Ranged Actor
bfeat Imperious. 14-r>r Preeidio Boy beat Had
rilr.irton, ¦ 5-4; Frisco Lad . beat • Act tat or. - 8-5:
Fairy Belle beat Lexington Tralee, 5-4; Little
Some great coursing, is looked for in
to-day's finals. Restless Acrobat and
Full Moon will meet early in the go
ing, and the winner of this course will
be heavily backed to secure final hon-
Drs. Doc Burns, Clover Blossom, Young
Fearless, Pasha Pleasant and Ragged
Actor are in good trim, and it would
not surprise the wise ones to see one of
them land in first place. •
Following are the day's results, with
Judge Thomas Tierney.'s official scores:
The run-down of- the ninety-six-dog
jpen stake at Irigleside Coursing Park
yesterday was productive of many hard
md* interesting trials. The talent was
n It3 glory, but four long shots- being
recorded throughout the entire round.
Young Johnnie Rex beat out Black
3oon, a 1 to 6 choice, by a clo3e score.
Rose of Gold took honors at 4 to 1 from
I E H. Vina, at 2 to 1, got the decision
from Princess Savoy, and Maid of the
Glen, at 6 to 2, got the flag from
Hounds of . Class Will Run
in the Big Event • at the
Ingleside Coursing Park
FAST COURSERS
IN OPEN STAKE
What the addition to the total num
ber of voters in the country is likely
to be this year is very hard to con
jecture, for the reason that between
1896 and 1900, so far as the election
returns show, there was practically no
gain in the number of electors. From
187C to 1880 there was a gain of 800,
000; from 1880 to 1884, a gain of
1,000,000; from 1S84 to 1888, a gain
of 1,300,000; from 1888 to 1892, a
gain of 500,000, and from 1892 to 1896.
a gain of 1,900,000. Between 1876
and 1896 the popular vote for Presi
dential electors increased 65 per cent,
or from 8,400,000 to 13,900,000.
Apparently owing to the fact that a
vast multitude of voters did not go to
the polls at all in 1900, the total popu
lar vote in that, year was only 40,000
greater than*it was In 1896; and,, if
anything like a full vote is polled next
fall there should be an enormous un
precedented increase In 1 the total vote.
In the > eight years ended with No
vember, 1S96, this' vote increased
2,400,000, and, as the population of
the country has been steadily expand
ing since 1896, the total vote this year
should show a far greater increase
than that of 1888-96. %
A thing that rend-era it extremely
difficult to forecast what the increase
in this vote may be is the fact that an
exceptionally large number of immi
grants have landed on our shores in
recent years. In the eight years end
ed with 1903 over 3,500.000 foreign
born persons. were added to our popu
lation, and a considerable proportion
of those persons . is now naturalized,
and they will take part in the next
election. What the proportion may be,
however, it is impossible to judge.
It Is none too: early for .political
: leaders and managers to grasp the fact
that "first voters" are likely, to con
stitute a more important factor in, the
approaching campaign than ever be
i fore, and, as a consequence, that' they
are likely to prove" a greater unknown
quantity than haa ever been the case
hitherto. "Evidently both of the. great
political parties will need to do a vast
amount of missionary work if -they
hope for victory in November.--New
York Commercial. ¦
Expected.
Largo Addition to the Number of
Votes Cast at Last Election
THE COMING ELECTION
FOll PRESIDENT
Fourth race, a mile and elx furlongs, the
Lonjf Beach handicap, over hurdles; $1000 add
ed—Martin Brady m (Moilugh). 4 to5, won;
Can Nell 125 (McMahon). a to I, second; Dr
Worth.- 12a (Tully). 30 to 1. third. Time, 3:22.
Combaceres fell. No other starters ¦
Fifth race, five and a half furiongs. sell-
In- Sceptre 109. (Prior) 3 to 1. won; Hindoo
Princess. 108 (Lewis), 7 to 1, seoond- Water
100 (Fletcher), 12 to 1. third. Time 1- OS W."
Moonstone. Lady Uric. Qelxha Qlrl. Profitable!
Japalak. MacFlecknoe and Military also ran
JH*^ r ? ce * , a mlle> B!llln f- Invictus. 101
<F-eIcht). 4 to 1. won: JlnRler. 110 (Anderson),
0 to 1; second: Merwan, 107 (Jackson) 7 to 1
third. Time, 1:43. Headstrong, Erne and Red
Ddmscl also ran. .
« i r !f G> SIaus °n course, seWns— Jim
Hale 106 (Lawrence). 2 to 1. won; Durbar.
80 (Anderson), 12 to 1. nocond: Redan, 112
(Prior), .even, third. Time, l:l<Hi. Nanon
Ultruda and KInloch also ran
Flret race, a mile, selllnsr— Duu Martin. 107
(Lnwrence), 12 to 1. won; Flamero, 110 (John
son) 5 to 1, second; Chemist 07 (Anderson),
2 to 1, third. Time. 1:43. Bassanlo. The Cove
nanter. Little Secret. Sherry, Innsbruck, Ma
jor Hooker and Legal Maxim also ran.
second race. Hve and a half, furlongs, sell-
l ng T E 5!. a(Io< 103 < Du San), 11 to 5, won; Rose
I^eaf, 02 (Booker). « to 1, second: Meteora.
103 (J. Lewis), 4 tol. third. Time. 1:09. Jack
Richelieu Jr.. Zom-Zem. Constantino, Golden
Ivy, Aunt Gertrude, Tloleta and Ragnarok II
also ran.
Weather fine, track fast. Results:
Invictus was the best in the last race,
at one mile, and won cleverly from
Jingler and Merwaj. Red.Damsel, the 8
to 5 favorite, was "fourth.
The nfth race brought out an or
dinary bunch of ten sprinters. Scepter
was favorite and won easily from Hin
doo Princess and TVager. Lady Usk and
Moonstone bumped at the start and
lest their riders. ¦ -. '
Redan was an even-money favorite
for the third, but was beaten by Jim
Hale and Durbar in the order named.
. The Long Beach handicap, a hurdle
event at a mile and three-quarters over
seven hurdles, went to the 4 to 5 favor
ite, Martin Brady. Can Nell was s'ec
and and. Dr. Worth third. Cambaceres,
the heavily played second choice, fell at
the first hurdle.
Estado, with strong support by the
talent, won the second number in
handy fashion from Rose Leaf, with
Meteora third.
LOS ANGELES, March 26.— Big fields
of ordinary class made up, the card to
day at Ascot Park. Three favorites
¦won. Dug Martin, played from 40 to 1
down to 12 to 1, won the first race and
gave the books a Bevere shock. Flamero
was second and Chemist, the favorite,
third.
Backed From Forty Down to
Twelve to One He Wins
at the Ascot Park Track
BOOKIES LOSE
ON DUG MARTIN
Jack Martin, who departed for the
East last night, had ninety-seven win
ning mounts to his credit. Some of
Jack's rides were open to criticism, but
as a rule he did his best.
Idogo warmed up lame, and was or
dered scratched by the judges. This
was fortunate for the backers of Past
Master, as the McCafferty horse could
have wen on three legs.
If Crosswaite cannot get his mounts
away from the barrier he should be
Fchooled or set down for incompetency.
There was no excuse for his "Barney"
on Cloche d'Or.
Letola, winner of the fifth event, was
bid up from $S00 to $1200 by E. J. Ram
sey. Walter Jennings, of course, bid
the customary $5 to retain.
Cloche d'Or was pounds the best of
those starting for the final mile selling
affair and then suffered defeat: ' The
mare went to the post favorite, but
Crosswaite for some reason was sound
asleep at the start, getting away badly.
Past Master, the good thing in the
race, backed from 8 down to 5, was
awarded a nose decision over Carilee.
One or more selections like this should
be rendered every day.
NOTES OP THE TRACK.
Sammy Greenfield was the w^hole
thing in the fifth, a six furlong spin,
for which Letola had a decided call.
The filly had a miscellaneous assort
ment of speed, and jumping away first,
won buck-Jumping from Ocyrohe, the
second choice. Hainault took the
show.
Brutus horse, which galloped in first
by five open lengths. Mr. Farnum en
joyed himself at no stage of the tire
some journey. •,:-.".
Stolen bases — Sheehan, Graham. Nadeau,
Castro. Beck. Errors — Casey, Sheehan, Free
man, Castro. .Earned runs — Tacoma 3, Port
land 1. Two-base hit — Hannivan. First base
on errors — Tacoma 2, Portland 3. First base
on called balls — Off St. Vraln, 2; off Iberg,
1. Left on bases — Tacoma 6, ¦ Portland 8.
Struck out— By St. Vraln, 5; by Iberg, 3.
Passed balls — Graham 1, Shea 1.' Time of
game— One hour and fifty-five minutes. Um
pire—Huston.
Tacoma ....."... 3 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 x — 4
Base hits 4 0 0 10 12 0 x— 8
Portland 10 0 0 1 0 0 0 0—2
Base hits 0 2 0020100—5
SUMMARY.
Portland— 1 Tacoma —
AB.R.H. P.A. - - AB.R. H. P. A.
Frmn. lb.3 11- 8 llCasey, 2b.4 tv 10 3
M'Crde,rf.4 10 2 0 Nrdk. lb.4 0 0 7 2
Nadeau,lf.3' 0 2 4 C ; M'Len, lf.4 10 2 0
Castro, «.3. 0 1 0 3 Lynch, cf.4 112 0
Beck. 2b..3 0 0 0 1 Hasan, s.4 11 2 2
Dr'n'n. cf.4 0 13 0 Hnlvn, rf.4 12 10
Frncs, 3b.4 0 0 8 2 Phehn. 3b.3 0 2 4 1
Bhea. C...4 0 0 3 0 Crahm, c.2 0 0 Q^0
Iberg. p. .3 0 0 1 1 St.Vrn, p.3 0 1 3 5
•Thlmn ..1 0000
Totals.82 4 8 27 13
Totals. 32 2 5 24 9
•Batted for Iberg. In the ninth.
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
FRESNO, March 26. — Tacoma won
from Portland to-day by a score of
4 to 2 in a game that was rather slow
and devoid of features. Good stick
work won, Tacoma bunching her hits
in the first inning and making three
runs at the start. Ham Iberg pitched
for the Portlanders and was easily
located by the "Tads." The score:
I .ami on Iberjr In the First Inning,
Making Three Runs.
TACOMA MEN BUXCH HITS.
OAKLAND EACETEACK — Saturday. March 26. — Weather showery. Track heavy.
O<7<>. FIRST RACE — Seven furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and up; value to first, $325.
Indcxl Horse and Owner. WtlSt. U. Vi- %• Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. CI.
(0420; E AthcllKg. 3 (McLeughlin). 93 5 1 n 1 h 1 H 1 1 1 1% Roach 4 13-2
KM4 Marello. 5 (J. Qulnlan) 102 3 61 5n 5S 3n " ns ITravers ... 3 ' i-2
«4ia Anirad. 3 (Mrs. Ocffey)... 94 2 3 % 4 2 4 4 5 5 ."5 1 ICroaswalte 8-5 11-10
C2S(» Hthel Abbott. 3 (Mrs. Miller). 04 0 5 1 3 n 3 »i 4 >/j 4 1 J. Jones... 8 i" 13
645O jPat Morrissey. a (J. Ityan).. 115 7 4 1 2 1 J iy.2 »i 5 6 Holbrook . 0 13
«3T«* 'OlierricF. a (Soul* & Fuller).. lo& 42h K406 «5 0 4 Knapp 25-60
tG44C), Elmer !<. C (Klundcr & Co.). 110 17 7 7 7 7 McHannon 12 15
Time— :24U. iO%i l:UWi 1:30V*. At post Off at 2:14%. Athcllne. place, 2;
Fhow, 3-5. Marello. place, 9-10; show, 1-3. Anirad, show, out. Winner, ch. f. by Ath
eiltiK-Pilgrlmnsre. Trained by T. McLaughlln. Scratched— Kubelik, Coroner Kelly. Start
pooii. Won ridden out. Next two driving. Winner received a good ride. Marelio did
h!« t>est. Anirad weakly ridden. Ethel Abbott ran a fair race. Pat . Morrissey had
*[K*<»d. Good-by. Klmer L.. '¦ .^_^_"
(J471. SECOND RACK — Four furlongs; purse; two-yea.r-olds; value to first. $325. ,
Ir.dexj Horse and Owner. IWt'St. hi. V<. ft. Str. Tin. I Jockey. Op.... Cl.
«£» ISalable (Blaslnsame flros.)...!10fl 1 4 lh 1^ Mountain . 3 18-5
•5MC. !Sea Air (Mrs. C. E. Miller).. 10C 3 1 *4 2 *4 2 3>£ J. T.Shehan 6 8
021-2 ]Geo. P. McXear (H. Stover)., life '2 2 n 3 % 3 n See 4 7
<r.751); Prince Brutus (Cameron) 113 4 -I Vs * 4 J. Martin.. 7-10 3-B
Time — :24. :49^. At post 4 minutes. Off at 2:42. Salable, place. 4-5: Fhow, out. Sea Air,
place. 2: show. 1-3. McNear, show, 1-4. Winner, b. s- by Sam Lucas-SalUe Sensible.
Trained by W. L.. Appleby. Start good. Won in a drive of three. Salable was ridden
tl;e !;hi:>rt<»*t way. Sea Air ran a nice race. McNear tired. Prince Brutus had not recov
ered from his illness. *L<os Angeles Index C2S5. - _ _^^ ¦
0472. THIRD RACE— IV* miles; selling; four-year-olds and up; value to first, $325. ...
Indcxl Horse and Owner. Wt St. Vt. . I*,. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
W.S (The Fretter. a <F. ORourke). 101 4 S 1^2 h In 13 15 Travers ... 4 7-2
(624.".)jExppdlcnt, a (P. E. Smith).. 105 3 8 3 5 1 4 3 3 V- 2 2 J. Martin.. 3 3
<G42'5);Pearcuer, 6 (O. P. Romigh). 103 2 T 7 rt M 6 V- 3 C Hclbrook .. 3 3
£577 Moor, 5 (V. Gilbert) 105 1 11 12 22 2n 4h Buxton .... 8 10
C4C3 Mr. Pincle. 4 <E. Tierney). . . 100! 7 5 1V£4 1V.5 2U5 \U 5 n Roach .... 10 12
CAW jMr. Farr.um. 4 (McCafferty). 102 5 I », 3 21J3 14 2 6 4 Bonner 7-2 3
6401 (The Way. 5 (R. H. Clark)... 102] 6 4 fc, 0 »i 7 7 7 Frowen ... 15 40
Time — :2T>%. :52Vi, 1:1H. 1:46. 2:11. At post 2>i minutes. Off at 3:06. Fretter, place, 0-5;
Fhow. 1-2. "Exr«*dient. place, 9-10: show. 2-5. Searcher, fhow, 8-5. Winner, ch. h. by
Brutus-Nerva. Trained by A. C. Ridey. Start good. Won ridden out. Next two drlv
irj. Winner best. Expedient hunjc at the close. Searcher could not Bet up. Too far
going.
<M?.1. FOURTH RACE— One mile and 70 yards; handicap; 3-year-olds and up; first, $S00.
Index! Horse and Owner. IWt^St. V* . H. %. 6tr. Fin. | Jockey. Op. Cl.
<C425)|Nlgr«tte 4 (W. I«. Jennings)] 1» J 3 >i 2 h 1 1 1 1 l a i |Bonner 6-5 13-13
(Wdic Veterano, 4 (W. C. VivelD... 97 5 2h 3h 2n 2 1U2 h ITravers ... 0 4!»
CJ.17 'Horatiiis, 4 (J. J. McAlester). 112 1 4 2 fi 4 4 3 2 3 3 I. Powell.'. 2 12-5
0437 Grafter C (Blasingame Bros.) 105 4 S 4 Vt 5 5 4 4 Crosswaite 4 7
O4<13 -Modicum, 4 (D. S. Fountain). ;10S 2 11 1 »i 3 3 41 5 Vandebout 5 9-2
Time — :iti. :5Hi. 1:15?4. 1:43*;. 1 :4S. At post 1 minute. Off at 3:32'^. Nlgrette, place,
l-2;*»how. out. Veterano, place, 12; show, 5-2. Horntius. show, out. Winner, blk.
m. by Midlothian-Twinkle. Trained by W. B. Jennlnps. Start good. Won handily.
Next two driving hard. Nigrette best. Veterano likes light weight and heavy going.
Horatiug closed strong. Grafter quit. So did Modicum. latter beinsr a cripple.
G474. FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three -year- olds and upward; to first, $325.
Index| Horse and Owner. IWt!St. U . H. %¦ Str. Fin. Jockey. I Op. Cl.
(6451)'I>etola. 3 < Jennings & Co.)... 00 2 ... 1 HH 11 13 Greenfield .' S-5 11-10
«45l jOcyroh" 3 (Mrs. Coffey) 00 5 ... 5 n 2 '4 2 2 2 5 ITravers ... 3 13-.".
K4KI JHainault. 5 (Thomas & R.).. 108 3 ... 4 1 4 h 3 h 3 1 14 Otis 5 t>
CSSS )t5t Winnifrlde. 4 (Painter).. 94 1 ... 3% 53 4 I>fc4 S Sherwood . 6 12
(327 'Fair L. Anna. 4 (Figaro St.). 104 4 ... '2 l>«-3 h 5 Vi 5 2 iCrosswalte 12 30
0C.4 (Floriana Belle, 3 (Miiler Co.) S!) 7 ... «2 63 64 6 1>J Knapp 80 300
tU3*.» The Hawaiian. 3 (McCafferty) 07 S . . . S 8 8 7 >i Bonner .... 10 20
CSS JNilKar. a (S. A. Leiser) 101 C ... 71071073 8 J. Jones.... 100 300
Time — :2i\. :4»-%, 1:15. At post 1% minutes. Off at 4:O0Vi- Letola. place, 3-5; show,
1-4. Ocyrohe. place. 7-10: show, out. Halnault, show. 1-2. Winner, ch. f. by Star
Ruby-Leucosia. Trained by W. B. Jennings. Scratched — Esherin, Lady Kent. Start
good. Won In a gallop. Next two driving. Iy>tola best. Ocyrohe ran his race. Haln
ault should have been closer up. St. Wlnnifrlde had speed. Others outclassed. Winner
bid ur> from |S00 to ?1200byE. J. Ramrey; retained.
i»473. SIXTH RACE — One mile; selling; four- year- olds and upward; value to first, $325.
Index! Horse and Owner. |Wt ! St. >i . y l . »4 . Str. Fin. Jockey. I Op. Cl.
¦ !— — — — — — — —- — —— — — '— — — \
(C414)i'Past Master, 4 (McXlester)..|10S 1 2h 42 44 45 lnsjl. Powell.. G 5
C12Q Carilee, 0 (Appleby & Co.)..|103 2 In In 1 > 2 I n 2 3 Knapp .... 6 7
Oi378 ICloche dOr, 4 (Mrs. Coffey). flS 5 5 5 3 1 3 n 3 h Crwswaite C-5 0-5
0414 (Rim Rock. 6 fJones & Co.).. I OS 4 4 3 22 2h2n 43 Travers ... 2 2
«4<a IGliRsando. a (O. P. Romigh). J10533 lt£3 h 5 6 S |Holbrook ..8 7
Tlme — :2«. :."l>i. 1:18. 1:44%; At post M minute. Off at 4:2SVi. Past Master, place, 7-5;
show. 3-5. Carilee. place, 2: show, 3- o. Cloche, show, 1-3. Winner, b. g. by Odd' Fel
low- Leonatus Mare No. 1. Trained by E. J. Ramsey. Scratched — Colonel Van. Idogo.
Start bad. Won In a hard drive of three. Cloche d'Or was best and would have
' won if Crosswalte had not been asleep at the start. The race a blue grass Derby.
Britt and his intimates claim that
130 pounds Is his best weight, but there
was much comment on the tucked up
appearance of his body when he
stripped for the fray. It was the im
pression of. some representative medi
cal men who watched him closely that
he was at a weight which would work
irreparable damage to him if he made
it again.
Britt points to the fact that he recu
perated readily after each fierce rally
to show that his vitality had not been Im
paired. The medical men said It was
only his youth that carried him through
the ordeal in safety.
With Gans out of the reckoning. Britt
is conceded a clear title to the light
weight championship.
While no championship was involved
in Friday night's contest the outcome
practically makes Britt the world's
lightweight champion. He can scoff at
the pretensions of Joe Gans, now that
he has proved his mettle against so
good a man as Young Corbett. It is the
general impression that Gans has so far
outgrown the lightweight limit that he
can do but little better than 138 pounds.
Britt and Corbett fought at a weight
between two recognized classes. As
there cannot be a distinctive class for
each pound in weight, this match car
ried no- distinctive class with it.
said Corbctt. "When I was knocking
the head off Hanlon and the crowd
yelled for him to break us he threw up
his hands and said 'That's the rules
they are fighting -under."
"I was fighting two men Friday
night. Graney was the busiest little
man I ever saw in a ring and when
he broke us apart he was always be
tween my right hand and Britt.
"If he had let me fight as I am
accustomed to I would have won in
ten rounds. I want to fight Britt
again and the only thing I specify is
that the weight be 130 pounds at 6
o'clock. Britt can fix the purse any
way he desires and he can have a
$10,000 side bet If he wants."
Corbett is particularly bitter against
Graney. He says he was told he
would get the worst of the decision
if Britt was on his feet at the end of
twenty rounds.
Corbett and his party will leave this
morning for Chicago, where he will
box Mowatt next Saturday. He will
then go on to Boston. 4
CAN SCOFF AT GANS.
Jack O'Neill of Philadelphia Nearly
Lowers the Colors of Californian.
PHILADELPHIA, March 26. —
"Jack" O'Neill, the local fighting ma
chine, nearly put Eddie Hanlon, the
San Francisco boy, to sleep to-night in
the six-round fight at the National
Athletic Club. The fighter from the
Golden Gate received a terrific beat
ing in the third and fourth rounds and
It seemed he would surely be knocked,
out. The first two rounds were even.
HAXIiON" BADLY PUNISHED.
The Britt-Corbett fight of Friday
night was the principal theme of con
versation yesterday in the clubs and
in the sporting resorts^ Many friend
ships were strained to the breaking
point as arguments grew heated over
the justness of the decision rendered
by Referee Graney.
After thinking it over calmly the ad
herents of Young Corbett, outside his
immediate circle of friends, admitted
that the best they expected was a
"draw" decision.
The appearance of the two men yes
terday was reminiscent of the last
fight between Jeffries and Fitzslm
mons. The day after the fight Fitz
simmons, who was defeated, appeared
on the streets with an injured hand as
the only sign of the encounter in which
he had taken part. Champion Jef
fries, with his cut and battered face,
was a sight. , ; " ' 'WV
Corbett was about yesterday and the
only visible mark on him was the cut
over the left eye, which he sustained
in a bumping match with Britt. The
little Denver man complained after
the fight of a soreness about the body
and it hurt him to take a deep breath.
He made little of that yesterday.
BltlTT NOT PRESENTABLE. *
Britt was. not presentable as to face,
but bodily and mentally he was active
and alert. His face was discolored and
cut and his right hand and forearm
were out of commission. The hand will
be subjected to an examination under
the X-ray, while the arm will prob
ably be placed in a plaster cast for sev
eral weeks.
As a balm to Jimmy's feelings a
statement of the box office receipts was
shown him. The total receipts were
$33,000, although the attendance repre
sented a house of fully 440,000. Many
were passed in by city officials and
others. Britt's share for the eighty
minutes of fighting was $15,592 50. Cor
betfs loser's end was $9157 50. The pro
moters' share was $S250.
Britt said yesterday that while he was
tired at times during the fight he was
never groggy from punishment. He
said there was no time during the fight
when Corbett had a chance to beat
him. He expressed a willingness to give
Corbett a return match later in the
year. Britt's plans for future are
at present unformed. He knows a gold
en harvest awaits him in the East, and
he will undoubtedly make the pilgrim
age across the continent at the earliest
opportunity. He received fully fifty tel
egrams yesterday offering him boxing
and theatrical engagements.
CORBETT HEARTBROKEN'.
Corbett was heartbroken yesterday
and seemed unable to shake off the de
pression which hung about him. He
thought Referee Graney had given him
the worst of it both during the fight
and in his decision.
"He did not let me fight Britt as he
let me fight Hanlon ' and Sullivan,"
' LOS, ANGELES, March 26— Oscar
Graham was in" good form to-day and
the best the Angels could get was
three .hits off his delivery. Gray
pitched 'good ball for the home team,
but 'the visitors, landed on him for
nine hits, three of them being doubles.
Gray, got . touched up badly in the
sixth. Graham singled to center, Gan
ley. .sacrified and Francks doubled,
scoring Graham. Kruger bunted out
a single and went to second on Ross'
unsuccessful effort to catch Francks
at the olate. Jud Smith ran Kruger
down.
In the last inning the Angels got in
a run, owing to an error by Devereaux
and Graham's wildness. Graham
walked Eager, forcing the run, but
wound up the game by striking out
Raymond when the .bars were full.
There was no attempt to play Frank
Dillon to-day. ! Dillon will remain
here until the final settlement of his
case by the national committee. Score:
Los Angeles — ( Oakland — .
AB. R. H. P. A.I AB. R. H. P. A
nrnrd.cf 4 0 0 2 0 Ganly.rf .20120
M*lood.2b 3 0 0 2 3 Frnks.ss 5 114 2
Pmlth.3b 4 12 2 5 Krupr.lf 4 0 12 0
Spiae.lb. 4 0 1 13 0 Dulvy.cf 4 0 110
Crvth.rf.* 3 0 0 0 0;Schfly,2b 4 0 0 4 2
noss.lf.. 4 0 0 1 0 Strelb.lb 4 0 0 7 1
Toman, bs 4 0 0 1 2!Dvrux.3b 4 0 10 2
Kagar.c. 10 0 6 1 Ix>man,c 4 116 1
Gray.p.. 2 0 0 0 3 Grham.p 4 13 10
•Raymnd 10000 r
Totals 33. S 0 27 8
Totals 30 1 S 27 14
•Raymond batted for Gray in the ninth.
RUN'S AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles 00000000 1—1
Base hits 1 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 1—3
Oakland 0 0 0 0 O 2 1 0 0—3
Base hits .. 00100331 1—9
SUMMARY.
Stolen bases — Smith, Schafly. Errors —
Francks, Devereaux (2). Two-base hits — Smith,
Francks, Lohman. ,'Dunleavy. Sacrifice hit—
Ganlcy. First base on errors — Los Ansteles, 2;
Oakland, 1. Left on bast-s — Lob . Anzeles. 7;
Oakland, 7. Bases on balls — Off Gray. 1; off
Graham, 6. Struck out— Uy Gray, «: by Gra
ham, 5. Double play — Schafly to Francks to
Strelb. Hit by pitcher— Flood and Ganley.
Time of same- 1:55. Umpire— O'Connell.
both men landing with long rights and
left swings.
In the third round O'Neill assumed
the aggressive and walloped Hanlon
unmercifully. At the end of the third
round and again toward the end of tho
fourth round Eddie was in great dis
tress.
Toward the middle of the fifth round
Hanlon regained his second wind and
rained rights and lefts so fast on
O'Neill that he picked up the lost
ground. O'Neill had a shade the bet
ter of the sixth round, but was tired
at the bell.
Racing at Benlnngs.
WASHINGTON. March 23.— Bennings re
sults:
First race, five and a half furlongs— 3a Is
wen, Mr». Frank Foster second, Rain or Shin*
third. Time. 1:10.
Second. race, four and a half furlor.es — Fili
gree won. Only Ona second, Melroaa third.
Time. :38.
Third race, seven furlongs — Torchlight won,
Briarthep*; second. Nlnessot third. Time.
1:32.
Fourth race, one mile and forty yards — Lord
Melbourne won. Meisterslnger second, Rouji
Rider third. Time. 1:48.
Fifth race. Chevy Chaae Hunt handicap,
about two and a half miles — Twilight won. Le
pida wcond. Latouraine third. Time. 5:43.
Sixth race, steeplechase, about two miles—
Gum Honey won. Manilian second. Boney Boy
third. Time, 4:15.
Racing at Little Rock.
LITTLE ROCK. Ark.. March 26.— Reculta:
First race, four furlongs — Eckstein won. Cou
rant second, Victor B third. Time, :SO.
Second race, one and a sixteenth mllea — Bu
sls Horn won, Henry of Franstaxnar second.
Inspector Shea third. Time, 1:50.
Third race, one mile — Schoolmate won. Mar*
tius second. Tennesse«an third. Time, 1:15.
Fourth race, one mile, Anheuser-Busch stak*
— St. Tammany won, Caithness second, Pour
quol Pa* third. Time. 1:45-^.
Fifth race, seven furlongs — Welcome LJsht
won, Noweta second. Reducer third. Time,
1:32.
Sixth race, six furlongs — Arak won, Laur»
Hunter second. Queen L third. Time, i:17$i.
X-Raya From Plants.
Botanists have recently been investi
gating the N-rays, an<l we are told
that they are emitted from plants, as
well as from nerves and muscles, and
that the fluorescent screen will glow
when brought near to the plant, espe
cially the leaves and the roots, where
the effect is more pronounced than in
the case of the flower. N-rays are
emitted from such plants as onions and
mushrooms, so that they do not seem
to depend upon the presence of chloro
phyll or green coloring matter, their
intensity being apparently due to the
activity and condition of the vegetable
protoplasm. This was shown by the
fact that the N-rays were produced
from germinated seedllng3 and not
from those which had not germinated,
while their emission was stopped en
tirely on using chloroform to suspend
the vital activity of the plant.—Har
per's Weekly.
After a man gives up his freedom he
sometimes wishes he had given up the
price and kept his freedom.
Is Touched Up for a Total
of Nine Hits, Three of
Them*' Being Two-Sackers
THE FRBTTEB SCORES.
The Fretter, not ridden by Buxton,
captured the mile and a Quarter num
ber. There were seven starters and
at- poet 'time it was 3 to 1 and take
your pick between Expedient and
Searcher. Xo records were broken for
the entire distance or any of the in
termediate distances. Moor led for
nearly a mile and then The Fretter
picked up the running. Expedient
tlos^d well, but could not extend the
\n:rad Ehould have won the opening
•fceven-furlons event, taut didn't. Such
occurrences are common In horse rac
ing- The Oily was an 11 to 10 choice
ut tii*- ilose of the betting, but Crosp
waite couldn't boost her alone fast
enough to raise a eallop, finishing
third. ' Jerry Roach, who one day
1.rok<? it up badly on Lansdowne,
bkixnxded away from the barrier in
(r£nt with Lady Aiheling. The lilly
showed n« lack of speed, winning
cleverly from Maielio. The latter
clowned the favorite, Anirad, a nose
for the place.
Only "four started in the half mile
dash for two-year-olds; quite a gen
teel mtfidencv. Prince ISrutus, fresh
from the hospital corps, was served up
•a 7 to 10 favorite. -It was all a joke,
for the Prince was not within pounds
cf his former great self, for, even un
der the guidance of that past master,
Jack Martin, he finished last, lloun
*tai:i. on Salable, rode a well judged
race, leading Sea Air out half a length.
Oeorge P. AlcXear found the wire far
ther away than usual, dropping into
Phow honors.
\Valter Jennings' Nigrette scamper
ed .»ff with the feature event of tne
hfternoon— the J1QO0 handicap at a
n»i!e a;wi seventy yards. The b.ac>k
filly tan ar><x>ii2j>lis=h grreat deeds with
llSfat weight u\\ and at 13 to 10 received
BtUTtJy ?ui>p<»rt. She had Conner m
the saddk. and, papsins Modicum on
the far turn^ won handily at the end
from Veterano. against which 40 to
1 n'u laid. Horatius, the second
choice, took Bhow honore.
AMltAl) IS THIKD.
Possibly the card at Oakland yester
day was not so attractive as some
,if those earlier in the season, still it
* drew the osuaj Saturday gather
. Ing. The weather, too, was threaten
; Ing. an-1 a slight downpour of rain laid
"any du:n that might be flying about
|<x>£e> Favorites had their troubles, as
J>ui two caught the eyes of the judges
•rim.
GEAT IS NOT SO LUCKY
Veterano, a Rank
Outsider, Runs
Second.
Angel Batsmen Secure but
Three Hits ' Off Oscar
Graham's : Clever Delivery
Majority of Corbett's Adherents Frankly Confess That
the Best They Expected Was a "Draw" Decision.
Broken-Hearted Denverite Leaves to-Day for Chicago
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
OAKLAND BEATS
MORELY'S BAND
NIGRETTE WITH BONNER UP,
IS FIRST FOR THE HANDICAP
REFEREE GRANEY'S DECISION
IS THE THEME OF THE HOUR
BRITT IS HAILED AS THE WORLD'S LIGHTWEIGHT CHAMPION
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 27, 1004.
34
W^^^ S8880D8 GftansB mi we Bfianje witli tleni. "^^^^ jjL
fwr ' As warm weather approaches nature awakes from her <^^" —^|l
l^= a^ long winter sleep. The dreary months of bitter cold give
yjf^ way to sunshine, the ice king vanishes and the swelling buds jj jjiw
- &g=— ates-.l and tender sprouts give evidence of spring's awakening. The sap, *fl" "ffi 85
f~~ the life blood of all vegetation, is coursing upward through roots and ¥%¦
'LL! 'fibres, taking with it from the bosom of mother earth food for the growth "'S"^] .
and development of vegetable life. Rich soil and a free and abundant
circulation of sap produces healthy vegetation, while poor soil and a deficiency of the lif e-
givine fluid means dwarfed or stunted growth and decay. #
At spring's awakening the blood from which all animal life draws its sustenance and
which nourishes our bodies must be free of . A golden opinion of s. s. s.
all impurities and in a normal, healthy con- saiem, omo, August 4. 190a.
dition or evidences of it will surely crop out j have a go iden opinion of s. s. s. vnn hare no other
• *LC**c&£ nf cn rf«: onA hniU red itchmo" blood medicine in the honso. I do not beUeve there Is a
m the form ot sores ana doiis, rea ucmng emedy made can comparo s. 8. s. as a blood
eruptions, pimples, rashes and skm troubles pur ifi e r, alterative and tonio. It purifies and enriches tha
£ J£?ZZr%tiZti : Worm wpfltiipr <;tir<? tlie blood and gives tone and strength to all the organs. In
of every description. VV arm weatner stirs tne oiooa general nealtn wUle driving
blood and in the effort tO throw Oti the aCCU- O ut poisons and impurities. I am a great admirer of
1 I A « rt^^ ic fhmwti into a feverish ex- S. S. S. because I know it to be all yon claim for it, and
mulated poison IS tnrown into a ievensn ex novrtoo> that it is superior to Sarsaparilla compounds
Cltement and riotOUS State, and the skm IS the an d o 'ther things I have used. . To sum up what I have
chief sufferer. The humors and poisons : with -*£*£ \- SJSS^JSS*- 1^" " 4 ' °^" i '
which it is filled are thrown off through the 33 Qarneid Avenue. mrs. hattie hoyle.
skin, and so long as the^ bbod is burned IN0REASED STRENGTH AND ENEROY .
with impurities sores and boils pimples and wheeling, w. Va.. May 27. 1903.
blotches, bumps and rashes Will continue tO This spring j was greatly run down In health, and feel-
cntne Bad blood not onl^ affects the skin ing that I needed a bloodjpurifier and tonio, I began the use
come, jjciu u j g g and toofe gomo bottleg> re$ult
but creates internal disorders. 1 ne lviver ana put my blood in good oonditioIlt gayo m8 inoreaaed
Kidnevs act less promptly, the Stomach IS strength and energy, improved my appetite and digestion,
1 j ,, I«.:#.^:«c«aiiwffli1« flnri fhi«? and made me feel like a different man. As a blood purifier
upset and the appetite usually tails, ana tnis &nd tonio s g g is aU right^ j^ mcGee.
condition of affairs is bad on the nervous sys- • 45 York street, island,
tern and brings on that debilitated, run-down, , _ s .
tired-out feeling common to this time of the year. To remove from the blood all impurities
and poisons is necessary before there is a full and free circulation and healthy action in other
parts of the system. If your blood is all right then you are prepared for spring's awakening
and the coming of warm weather. As a perfect spring medicine nothing is superior to
S. S: S. which is made from roots and herbs gathered fresh from fields and forests, and not
' | , |B|> * sgaPB^*^ a particle of any mineral substance of any kind enters into
/y*^H«&!5l i^^sH^fj ffa&zo&k s reat vegetable remedy; and S. S. S. is the osly blood
C f'-'C^* I CiZ^^ purifier known of which this can truthfully be said. S. S. S.
-V^Sk.' \Sr^ for the blood is widely and favorably known; it has been
ftit^^V^ Ifrfc! n fr^T^fc B used for nearly fifty years and is more popular to-day than
K^ 1 """"^^ 1^^^^^ ever. If your nervous system is run down and the appe-
tite fails, or sores, boils, pimples, or eruptions of any kind
begin to appear, it indicates the blood is not up to the proper standard and that it has become
impure and lost its power to nourish the body v Rich, pure blood and good_ circulation assures
perfect and freedom from many annoying ailments, peculiar to spring. You will find
S.S. S/ acts promptly and will put your system in the best possible condition at spring's
awakening. If you have any blood trouble, write us about it and our physician will help
you get rid of it. Book on blood and its diseases free.
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC COMPANY, ATLANTA, GA.
ADVEHTISEMENTS.
FOR
There c»n he no comparison between the
ability of the ordinary physician and that of
the trained and scientific specialist. The for-
itwr. in tryins CO exolore and conquer the
whole field of medicino and mreery. becomes
Iirr.fiei«nt in no particular branch. This latter
c-onecier.tiously confines Mmself to a Finjfle
class of !!!• ancl n'.a^l^rs thfm. I <3o not Fcat-
t»r rr.y faculties, but I concentrate them all
•>n c:«s ¦- and weaknesses t»eculiar to the
male. R*>t.-ently 1 ha\e treated scores of stub-
born c&acs for «3mo of the best men flf San
Franrisro j.n«1 vicinity, and not a failure nor
an unpleasant result has be^n reported. What
I hav? dene for others I can do for you.
DR. 0. C. JOSLEN |
The Leading Specialist. 2
Gonorrhoea |
The ff-rious results that may fol- |
low neelect of contracted disease* |J
could srarccly be exacrcrated. S
Safety dirnands an alx*y!ute thor- S
ouvb cure In the lean possible 3
t;m-- I hav« treated more cases B
of contracted disorders than any a
other j.hysician on the l^ncific I
Coast. My cures are thorough and 9
arr acpomr>lish«d in less time than H
other forms of treatment required 1
in producir.j? even doubtful results. gj
1 »>mnloy rem»<Jie« of my own de- m
vising, and my treatment is «yjual- 1
!y effective in both recent and 3
chronic ca.»ts. »^
"Weakness" |
My cures of this disorder are 9
rennancr.t and lai-tins. No tonics ¦ I
that ptimulate temporarily, but B
thorouch'.y ECientiflc treatment for . U
the removal of conditions respon- B
*ibl« for the functional derange- 1
ment. ¦"Weakness'' is merely a H
. symptom of inflammation cr con- [jj
1 Rpsticn of the prostate gland, and r|
undT my own original locaU treat- a
ment this eland Is promotly re- p
duccd tf» it» normal ftat<» and com- '¦ f
p!«-tp functirjial activity is the H
lastine result. M
Contracted Disorders |
I cure contracted disorders thor- B
ouphlj' and in half the usual time B
required. I employ new remedies E
of r.y own devitjing. Do not take ' ft
cliancea by relying upon uncertain £
methods. ft
I cure Socrmatorrhea. Varico- M
crle. Stricture, PII«w, Specific Blood F
Poleon, Iteflex Ailments, etc <>3n- g
eultation and advice free. Send |
for my copyrighted pamphlet, N
••Live All Your Years a linn" — an I
Instructive treatise en n~.en'« ail- £
ms-r.iF. So afflicted man ehould be 9
witbot3t it. H I
«.. ¦ — '¦ — i o B '
J Ky fee* a** falr » "7 1 y
cores are permanent, and I fj
yon can pay when satisfied I ft
* • that yon are well. • *I G
C — ° 8
1 DR.O.C.JO5LEN I
$. Cor. Market and Kesrny St^. |
\\ Trivate Entrance ;02 .Market- St. |
f< Of no Hours—!) a. m. to 4::W 1
H r- r». * n d <f:3« t<* '»'-" J<> P.. m - Sun- M
H days. 10 to 1 only. kPoliceman Fights Mob.
Policeman Skain had a fight with a
half-hundred drunken sailors in the
Cape "Nome saloon on Pacific street
last night. The sailors came from the
training ship Independence at Vallejo
and - proceeded - to do ,up the ' street.
Special Sam Dagget and several other
policemen , came , to Skain's assistance
and the riot was quelled. Five of the
sailors' landed in jail.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydroeraphic Offlce, U. S. N.. Mer
chants* Exchange. San Francisco,- CaL.
March 26. 1904.
The Time Ball on, the towcr-of the Perry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
i. c, at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p.m. Greenwich lime. J. C. BURNETT, '
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. in charge.
- 1 . . ¦ ¦¦ ______1_A
Says Officer Clubbed Him.
S. G. Hancock, an insurance clerk,
living, at 530 Stockton street, -was In
the Oriental Cafe at 13 Powell street
late Friday night drinking: with a
friend, when he suddenly fell, cutting
a gash in his head. He was taken by
Police Sergeant Shaw » to the Receiv
ing Hospital, where his wound was
dressed. Yesterday Hancock accused
Sergeant. Shaw of having clubbed him
in the saloon and announced that he
would prefer charges against the offi
cer to-day. Shaw denies that he used
his club and declares that Hancock
was drunk and fell against a table, cut
ting his head open. The bartender of
the saloon corroborates the .. . officer's
statement. ¦ \ -¦¦¦;
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
•Saturday, March 28.
Etmr Bonita. Glelow. Ci hours from San
Pedro, and way port*.
Stmr Centennial, Strand, 83 hours from
Seattle.
Stmr Czarina, Johnson, 44 hours from Coos
Bay.
Stmr G C Llndauer. Allen, 72 hours . from
Greys H*rbor.
Schr Ida A, .Campbell, 5 hourt from Point
Reyes. f
Schr Blakelly, Bauman, 16 &&ya from Port
Elakeler, vla/CIallam Bay 14 days.
' CLEARED.
Eatunlay, March 28.
Etmr Senator, Alberts, Victoria, etc., P C
8 S Co.
Stmr Celon, Irvine, Panama and way ports,
P M S S Co.
fitmr Orecon, Doran. Astoria., O RAN Co.
Stmr BoniU. GSelow, San Pecro.^P CSS
Co.
' Stmr Eookane, Nopander, Eureka, PCS
6 Co.
Nor stmr Hero. Syrerteen, Ladysmlth, R.
Dunsmuir's Sons Co.
Nor ftmr Titania, Egenes, Nanalmo, "West
ern Fuel Co.
Schr Charles Hanson, Dannevij, Nanaimo
and whalinj. G. E. Plummer.
Schr Uranus, Llndahl, cedflshins, E. S.
Tend.
SAILED.
Friday. March 25.
Stirr Jeanie, Downinc. Seattle.
Saturday, March 26.
Stmr Alcazar. Johnson, Greenwood.
Stmr Colon, Irvine, Panama and way ports.
Htmr Spokane, Nopacder. Eureka.
Stmr Gipsy. Lcland. Santa Cruz.
sstmr Pono. Ahlin. Albion.
Stmr New-bun*. Andfindsen, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Kdiih. Hall. Tacoma.
Stmr Asuncion. Bridgett. Redondo.
Nor stmr Hero, SyverUen,- Ladysmlth.
Xor stmr Titania. Egenes, Nanalmo.
Bark Olympic, Evans, Honolulu.
Bark Prussia. Jensen, Port Blakeley.
Ship Centennial, Stannard, Cooks Inlet.
Echr Advent. Olsen. Coos Bay.
Schr Alpha, Jensen, Coquille River.
Whal Ktmr Herman. Varnarn. whalingr. .
Kchr C A Thayer. Munseti.. Fairhaven.
Schr Novelty. Hoffman, Grays Harbor. [¦;.'•
Echr Ida McKay, Lethola. Eureka.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. March 2S, 10 p. m.— Weather
foggy; wind BE.; velocity 12 miles per hour.
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON. Mar 25 — Br etmr Scotia, previ
ously reporUHl ashore at entrance Oi Guam, has
broken In two and after part sunk.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived Mar 26— Stmr HonUra,
hence Mar 22.
Sailed Mar 25— Stmr Dora, for Valdea.
Sailed Mar 26— Stmr Al-KI. for Skagway.
ASTORIA — Sailed Mar 28 — Stmr Alliance, for
Eureka: bark Louisiana, for Manila.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.' i From. Due.
O. Llndauer. . | Gray* Harbor Mar. 27
CityPuebla... Puget Sound Ports Mar. 27
Pomona Humboldt Mar. 27
Eureka Humboldt Mar. 27
MIneola Tacoma Mar. 2S
Curacao Mexican Ports ....... Mar. 29
Bute of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. Mar..2S
Alaskan [ New York Mar. 28
Wellington... Oyster Harbor Mar. 28
Mackinaw. . . . Tacoma Mar. 29
Elizabeth Coquille River Mar. 28
Santa Cruz... San Pedro & Way Pts. Mar. 29
Alameda Honolulu Mar. 29
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. Mar. SO
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria.... Mar. 30
Spokane Humboldt Mar. 30
Centralla San Pedro Mar. 30
Newport New York via Panama. Mar. 31
Santa Roea..-; San Diego Sc Way Pta. Mar. 31
"Wyefleld : Nanalmo vpr 1
TJmatilla j Puget Sound Ports Apr. 1
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. Apr. 2
Coronado.... j Grays Harbor Apr. 2
Arcata Coos Bay Apr 3
Jeanie ! Seattle & Tacoma Apr. 3
Oregon j Portland St Astoria Apr. 4
Ventura I Bydney & Way Ports. Apr. 4
Breakwater...; New Orleans Apr 5
Mongolia Norfolk Apr 6
Senator Puget Sound Ports Apr 6
City of Para. New York via Panama. Apr 6
Korea China & Japan Apr. 7
TO SAIL. -
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
i- I } March 37.
r^ewburg... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
8. Roea Ban Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
March 28.
Enterprise.. HIlo 5 pm Pier 10
Oregon Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Bonita Newport & "Way.. 9 am Pier H
March 39.
Rainier Seattle &-Whatcom 4 pm Pier 10
Arcata Coos Bay direct... 4 pm Pier 13
Pomona.... Humboldt l:30pPler 9
Xevadan.... Hono. & Kahului. 3 pm Pier 23
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
March 30.
Czarina Coos Bay direct... 5 pm Pier 8
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma. 6 pm Pier 20
G. Llndauer Grays Harbor Pier
Centralia... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
March 31.
Elizabeth.. Coquille River Pier 29
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
State of Cal Ban Diego . & Way. 9 am Pier 11
April 1.
Spokane Humboldt l:30pPler 0
S. Crux gan Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
April 2.
Alameda.... Honolulu 11 am Pier 7
Coptic China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
City Sydney JJ Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
G. W. Elder Astorte & Portland 11 am Pier 21
April 5.
UmatiUa.. .. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Coronado. . . Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
April 7.
Curecao Mexican Ports 10 am Pier 11
Jeanie j Seattle & tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
April 9.
Newport....) N. Y. via Panama 12 mj Pier 40
———————— ~~
Steamer. For. Sails.
Cottage City. . Skagway & Way Ports. Mar. 28
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports. Mar. 29
Excelsior Valdez & Way Ports.. Apr. 1
Humboldt.... Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. S
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 4
J. Dollar Valdez &. Seward Apr. 9
Dirlgo Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 10
Bertha Valdez & Way Ports.. | Apr. 10
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Ccast ar.d Geodetic Survey
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Frandsci
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE — The fllxh and low waters occur at
the city front <Mlssion-Etreet wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort- Point: the height
of tide Is the Eame at both places.
SUNDAY, MARCH 27.
Sun rises fl;03
Sun sets 6:27
Moon sets 8:13 a. m.
O Time Time Time Time
g. Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
» L W |H W| JL W H Wl
27 1:38 2.6 7:37 5.3 2:13 0.2 9:»7 B0
2S 2:34 2.0 8:45 5.4 3:02 0.2 9:50 5 3
-20 3;27 1.5 9:45 5.6 3:54 OjJlO:30 B.5
30 4:17 1.0 10:41 0.6 4:39 0.6 11:08 B.7
81 5:06 0.5 11:33 5.5 5:20 0.8 11:46 6.7
! NOTK — In the above exposition of the tides
i the early mornWB tides are given In the left
1 hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives- the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
givtn is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
or the lower low waters. ,
Bellboy Is Arrested.
Frank Ford, a bellboy at the Pal-
It is a blessing that w» do not know
how those Interested figure on what will
be coming to them when w« are dead.
Exports by the Panama Steamer.
The steamer Colon sailed yesterday fcr Pan
ama and way ports with a general merchan
diss cargo valued tit $127,6S0, to be distrib
uted as fellows: For Mexico, $2O.S1S; Cen
tral America, $ie.52«: Panama, $2038; Colom
bia, $194: New York. $71,723; England,
$14,470- Belgium, $050; Jamaica, $35J; Trin
idad Island. $075: Chile. $120; Peru, $70. The
leading exi>orts were as follows:
To Mexico — 2S28 lbs spikes. 1476 lbs dried
fruit, 300 lbs raisins. ti'O lbs tea, 10 bbls
tottled beer, 95 cs 30 gals whisky, 5 ca bran
dy, 111 pals wine. 491 lbs 100 tins bread, 41
pk(?s groceries and provisions. 17 pkgs pota
toes. 4*2 lbs cheese, 32 cs canned goods. 30
pfcps paste, 15 pkgs paints and oils. 39 pkgs
sewing machines, 481 pes Iron. 22 pkgs add,
11 bars steel, 58 bdls pipe. 100 flasks quick
silver, 51 pkgs tank material, 19 pkgs arms
and ammunition. 10 pkgs leather, 4C00 lbs
cemer.t. 1C7C bdls snooks. 177 pkps machin
ery. 11 Pkgs drugs. 24,900 feet lumber, 12
pkgs mlllv.-i.-rk.
To Central America — 2073 bbls flour, 90 cs
whisky. 1*3 pkgs potatoes. S40 lbs lard. 2200
lbs rice, IS cs salmon. 1S34 lbs bread, 82 pkss
groceries and provisions, 34 cs canned good*.
2350 lbs apices, 153 gals 10 cs wine, 440 lbs
dried fruit. 10 bbls beer. 16,545 lbs tallow,
153 bdls pipe, 10 balrs baps, 3t pkgs paints
and oils, 20 cs coal oil. 2 pkgs machinery, 21
bdls leather, 2SC0 lbs cement.
To Panama — 10.012 feet lumber, 1000 bxs
soap, 26 cs canned goods, 12 en liquors, t»3
gals whisky. 43 gals wine. 3 pkgs drugs.
To Colombia — 30 bbls- flour, 823 lbs 6Ugar,
2<X» lbs lard, 2 rkgs paste.
To New York— 98,239 gals wine, 27 gals
brandy. 21,5<V> lbs dried prunes, OOO.43S lbs
pig lead. 24..TT3 lbs dry hides, 5037 gals sperm
oil. 122 pkes paints, 91 bale* Junk.
To Knitland — 5*739 cs canned salmon.
To Belgium — 2."550 lbs beeswax.
To Jamaica — 85 cs canned ealmon. 4 cs
canned fruit.
To Trinidad Island — 150 cs canned salmon.
In addition to the foregoing the steamer
carried $10,000 in Mejican dollars consigned
to Acapuloo, Mexico.
REAIi ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
BATTTRDAY. March 26.
Margaret Brodle to Eliza B. Pockman. lot on
S line of Pine street, 131 :S E of Flllmore, 6
127:6 by E 25; gift.,.
Mary McCarthy to "William H. Roden. lot on
W line of Devisadero street, 87:6 S of Ellis, S
22 by W 00; $10.
California Title Insurance and Trust Com
pany to George W. Hinkel. lot on NE corner
of Fell and Broderick ctreets, N 25 by E 106:3;
$10.
William I. and Oliver K. Clarke to George
E. Tooker. lot on W line of Devisadero street,
159 :S N of Ridley, N 25 by "W 125; $10.
Sophie Henlcke to Bertha H. Tausslg (wife
of Huso A.), lot on N line of Fulton street,
245:2 W of Wlllard, "W 25 by X 137:6; *10.
James C. Jordan to Albert J. Behrens, lot
on K line of Michigan street, 433:4 X of Rich
mond, N 33:4 by E 120; $10.
Margaret McKenzie to Thomas F. P. Mar
ron, lot on N line of McAllister street, 356:6
W of Parker, W 23 by N. 87:10, NE 25, 8 88:9;
$10.
James Dorfti to Mary B. JToodbeck, undivid
ed half of lot on "W line of C-^a si«>et, 110 S
of Seventeenth, S 75 by W 122 :($; gift.
Same to Thomas N. Doran, lot on E line of
Mission street, 110 S of Seventeenth, S 50 by
E 122 :6:i gift.
Same'fi Annie M. Doran, lot on NE corner
of Eighteenth and Mission streets, E 10 by
N 24; gift.
Frank B. and Mattie B. Mlllard to Wanda
L. and W. C. Reichling. lot on N line of Lib
erty street, 195 E of Dolores. E 25 by N 114;
$10.
Estate of Ella F. M. Redding (by A. P.
Redding, executor) to T. P. Kiernan and R.
J. O'Brien, lot on E line of Sanchez street, 50
S of Fourteenth, S 75 by E 125; $6000.
Thomas J. and Catallna D. Field to Edward
L. LandPgren, lot on S line of Henry street.
230 W of Sanchez, W 25 by S 115; $10.
Daniel Ehea to Annie It. Fetter, lot on XV
line of Bryant street, 208 S of Twenty-third.
S 26 by XV 100; $10.
James Doran to Thomas N. and Annie M.
Doran and Mary E. Woodbeck, lot on "W line
o£ Capp street, 195 N of Twenty-sixth, N 65
by W 115; gift.
Paul H. Bosworth (by John A. Grennan.
commissioner) to John T. Donahue, lot on N
line of Twenty-seventh street. 110 XV of San
chez. W BO by N 114; $2489.
John T. and Annie Donahue to Thomas and
Margaret O'Donnell, game; $10.
Estate of Gustavc Walter (by Josephine
Walter, administratrix) to Ernest A. Buchse.
lot en N line of Twenty-seventh street, 106:8
W of Church. W 53:4 by N 114; $800.
Ernest A. and Ella Buchse to Jacob Hey
mar. Company (corporation), same; $10. !
Maria Rolando (administratrix estate of Gio
vanni Polando) to Alberto Rosa and LuIkI
Bcltano lot on NW corner of Twenty-eighth
and Church streets, N 49 by W 100; $5000.
Maria Rolando to same, same, quitclaim
deed; ?10.
Emll C. Medau et al. to Knut A. Lundstrum.
lot on W line of Kearny street. 24:9 N of
Sacramento, X 23:9 by W 25:11; $25,250.
Josephine P. Jaudln et al. to Harry H.
Relgle. lot on S line of Commercial street,
03:6 E of Kearny. E 14 by S CO: $10.\
William C. and Theresa A. F. Peten to
Lulu Schwartz, lot on W line of Jolce street,
115:0 N of Pine, N 22 by W 77: $10.
Herman and Theresa Asher to A. Koenis,
lot on 8 line of Pout street, 215 W of Jones.
XV 30 by S 137:6; $10.
Emil C. Medau et al. to Jacob Levy, lot on
XV line of Leavenworth street. 87:6 8 of Eddy.
S 25 by W 87:6; $16,100.
William W. and Carrie F. Rertnall to Matilda
Moulthrop. lot on E line of Vermont street,
125 N of Marlpo?a.. N 25 by E 100; $10. -
J. Frank and . Marea Walters and • George A.
Turner to Germano and Georgia Clpolloni. lot
on E lln* of Thli*y-ninth avenue, 105 S of
Clement street. S 23 by E 120: $10.
H. B. and Laura A. Finney to Besnta M.
Aehton, lot on RE corner of Second avenue and
C street, S 35 hy E 100; $10.
Oscar and Mabel McGee and William N.
Car.ficld to Clara M. Dunbar. lot on E line of
"Eleventh avenue. 150 N of I street, N 25 by
E 120: $10.
William H.^Qulnn Jr. to William E. Palmer.
let on XV line of Thirteenth avenue, 325 S of
K street. S 23 by XV 120: $10.
Anna and Andrew Taft to Jacob Heyman
Company (corporation), | lot on S line of T
street, 32:6 W of Forty-sixth avenue, W 75 by
Paul Molter to Frank McGowan, lots 9 to
14, block 21, Sunnyvale Homestead Associa
tion: ?1O. " ¦ .; *
United Railroads of San Francisco to S.
IMica* Company, rerecord 2033, D. 225. lots fi4
to 118. Preclta Valley Lands; S1O.3S8:-
Anna D. Joost to Charles S. Warnock, lot
on W corner of Russia and Edinburgh streets,
NW K> by SW 100. block 39, Excelsior Home
stftid: ¦ ?10. .
Gt mLnn Jr. and Blanche Matrieu to Thoman
B. AtiTprrtone, lot 7, block X. "Park Lane Tract
3; $1000. ;_• ¦•¦::'- -
Builders' Contracts. '
R D Davia & Co. .(owners) with L. and E.
Emanuel I (contractors), architects Meyer &
O'Brien — Counters, shelving, hardware, ¦ etc.
(store fixtures) in building on NE corner of
Geary street and Grant avenue. N 122:8, E CO;
S R26. W 19:5. S 60, W 40:7; $2750. ;
mien Bass (owner) with Frank Lindsay <«m-
Ignatian Council Banquet.
Ingatlan Council, Y. M. I.. Is ar
ranging for its seventeenth / anniver
sary banquet to be given at" the Lick
House on April 7. The affair prom
ises to be a brilliant one and notable
In the local history of the organiza
tion.
aec Hotel, was arrested last night and
placed on the detenue hook by Detec
tive Cody. Ford, it Is alleged, stole
a package of waists that were given to
him for delivery to one of the guests
of the hotel. He will he booked to
day for petty larceny.
tractor), architect Charles Hayne«— AU work
except plumbing for a three-story frame build
ing (flats) on N line of Fifteenth street, 246 W
of Noe, frontage 46:0% on Fifteenth street;
510.220.
Same owner with O. C. Sweeney (contractor),
architect same — Plumbing and gasflttlng for
same, on same; $1200.
L. I. Cowgill (owner) with A. S. Ruch (con
tractor), architects Button and Weeka — AU
work for a two-story brick and frame residence
on W line of Maplo street. 100 S of Washing
ton, S 50, W 47:6, N 8, W 30. N 6 4.30. W 43.
N 30, B 120; 111.700.
Pusanna H. Van Nuys (owner) with A. H.
Wllhelm (contractor), architects Havens and
Toepke— All work except plumbing, sewering,
gasflttlng. painting, electric wirlnsr, shades and
gas fixtures for a three -story frame (two
dwellings and store below) on W line of Mis
sion street, 195 S of Nineteenth, S 23 by "W
80. M. B. 67: 56690.
Domenico Mannina (owner) with E. I>aJgero
(contractor), architect J. A. Porporato — All
work exceut clumblnsr, shadss and chandeliers
for a three-story frame bultdlnu (flats), on S
line of Filbert st, 92 E of Stockton, E 22:9 by
S 67; $5000.
Matleo Brocato (owner) with E. Dalgero
(contractor), architect J. A. Porporato— All
work except plumbing, shades and chandeliers
for a three-story frame building (flats), on S
line of Filbert et, 114:9 E of Stockton, B 22:0
by S 67; $5000.
G. CamDodonlco (owner) with Demartlnl &
Traverso (contractors), architect J. A. Porpor
ato — All work except concrete, painting, elec
trical, marble steps, plumbing, shades and
chandeliers for one three-story and one two
story frame building (five flats), on N line of
Vallejo, 137:6 XV of Powell, W 23 by N 137:6;
$6«00.
Same owner with A. Ertola & Co. (con
tractors), architect same— Plumbing, sewer
ape and gas fitting for same on same; $1100.
Frank Sylvester and Pasqual Ctrimalo
(owners) with Kalthln & Calne (contractors),
architect Charles A. von Glenanth— All work
except painting. ra» and electric work for a
three-story frame building on W line of Rear
ny. 37:6 X of Vallejo. N 20 by W 60; $4000.
James Burke (owner) with T. S. Holn (con
tractor), architect Charles J. Rosaeau— AH
work except parlor mantels, gas fixtures and
shades for a three-story, frame building (fiats),
on N line of McAllister St.. 64:6 W of Stelner,
W 27 :6 by N 87:6, "Western Addition 381;
$9813.
Harriet .Jolllffe (owner) with The M. Levy
Company (contractors), architect J. R. Mil
ler — Plumbing, sewers, gaa fitting and stand
pipe for a four-story fnyne building on lot on
SE corner of Ellis and Hyde streets, 66:7%
on Ellis by 87:6; $4000.
Same owner with O. Orsi (contractor), archi
tect same — Painting, etc, for same on same;
$1337.
"William IMe Company (owners) with George
J. Smith & Sons (contractors), architect "Wil
liam Curlett— Painting, etc.; for a seven-story
office theater building on lot on SB line of
Market street. 75 MB of Ninth, NS 60. SE
16.% SW 125, NW 75. NE 75, NW 90; $2500.
Meyer Abrahams (owner) with ' J. C. Kelly
(contractor), architect Philip Schwerdt — AH
work except tiling, mantels, electric : work,
gas fixtures, shades, plumbing and painting lor
two three-story frame buildings (flats) on lot
on E line of Buchanan street, 87:6 N of Sut
ter, N «) E. 137:0, -S 25, W .60, S 25, "W
87:6; $13,500/
Same owner with A. Newmark (contractor),
architect same — Sewering, plumbing and. gag
fitting for same on same: $2050.
Same owner with H. Shields (contractor),
architect same — Painting, etc., for same on
same; $1550.
Exports to Hawaii.
The bark Olympic sailed for Honolulu yes
terday with an assorted merchamJiso cargo
consigned to the port of destination and other
Hawaiian ports, valued at $62,905 and Includ
ing the following:
1300 bbls flour, S3.545 lbs sugar. 103,929 lbs
rice, 6C35 ctls barley, 299.434 lbs bran. 91 ctls
•wheat. 255 bales hay. 17.f>70 lbs salt, 16,300
lbs lard. 8CS0 lbs beane, 110 ctls oats, 55 ctls
corn, 3199 lbs middlings. 125 bbls 25 half
Lbls Dicked eaimon, 52SU gals 2 cs winel 120
casks bottled beer, 35 cs whisky. 10 cs cham
pagne. 25 cs liquors, 145 os mineral water,
242 gals vinegar, 13,430 lbs bread. 1368 cs
canned goods, 24. pkgs groceries and provis
ions, 2144 lbs 6 cs meals, 120 cs epices, 31
cs table preparations, 25 cs olives, 45 cs ea!ad
oil. COCO lbs tobacco, 5 cs chocolate. 110 bis
paste. 20 crts potatoes and onionst, 212.500 lbs
fertilizer, 108,G6S lbs plglead. BOO cs coal oil,
30" bbl« lime. 2730 gals distillate, 19.912 lbs
BOda. 21S Mis 37 pel pipe. 193 bxs candles.
10 bdls brooms. S3 crts sewing machines ana
parts, ZZ'J cp soap, 50 cs axle^rease, 310 k*gs
lead Raint. 26 pkss dry good?. 3 pkgs ma
chinery." 30 pkgs wagon material, 30 cs
matches. - -
Movements of Steamers.
NEWS OF THE OCEAX.
Shipping Merchants.
blatters of Interest to Mariners and
The schooner Honoipu is chartered for
iTimber from Puget Sound to Launcestca at
47s 6d; British ship Thistlebank. same busi
ness from Puget Sound to Sydney at Sis 3d,
with cotton of Port Pirte st 33s *J£.
Scotia Breaks In Ttro.
The Brltlub cable steamer Scotia, previously
reported ashore at the entrance to Guam har
bor, has broken In two and the after pert has
tunk.
The Overdne List.
The rate of reinsurance on the British bark
Ltmcrna was advanced yesterday to 65 per
cent. Zwljger remains on the board at 60 per
cent and the Englehorn end Oatetano Casa
bons, are quoted at 10 per cent.
Deck Load Shifts In Gale.
The schooner Kakeley, which arrived yes
terday, sixteen days from Port Blakeley, came
Into the fcarbor with a heavy list to port. On
March lft. when off Cape Mendocino three deck
lashinss ported during a heavy Eouthcaater
and the deck load shifted to port- The Blakt
ley brocght 920,000 feet of lumber.
Ontglde for Three Days.
The schooner King Cyrus, which left Ta
ccma twelve days ago for this port, arrived off
th« heads on Thursday ar.d ever since ban
been making futlls efforts to sail Into pert. At
4 o'clock yesterday afternoon she was eight
miles out and still maneuvering for the slant
that would k bring her Inside.
Passengers Land From Amaais.
Ths Kesrcca liner Atr.a*:*, which arrived
Friday nltht from Hamburg, wu passed by
the Quarantine authorities early yeeterday
morslns and her passengers landed at Loci,
bard-street wharf. The Amaais, Captain Jan
een, tras 110 days coming from Hamburg. Her
last cert of call was Mazatlan. front when
ehe came In six and a half days. She brought
fner.ty-ons paesenrers and 129S tons of cargo.
Amoti? her paasenrer* trers tho following
named:
>Ir». H. Cuthbert. Mlu Suale Coh«lan, y.
Cohelan, J. S. Maloney. Gears* Lemp*.
; 'BEP.ICEL.EY. Marcn t8- — Thm ninth
#e:sl-&jxnual field day of the Bay
Counties Athletic Leagrue on the uni
versity oval this cfternoon was a
heartbreaking thins for a spectator
with, sympathies Tor any of the com
petitors.
¦ At last TAcH. sneered at at first asd
then feared, carried the day. It needed
the relay rltcer* and a hammer thrower
co d.p the trick and Lick's men respond
ed to the call. Up to the time for these
two last cveiita Lick was somewhat In
m erump. . bnt still fighting. Oakland
first, Lowell was second and Lick
third. Two points separated each of
the trio.
Then came the relay race — the nerve-
Cr^li^s tfclcg of ihe day. It meant vic
tory to the school that won. Tho youths
*f flying: feet were nerved up to their
highest. Their partisan* on the bleach
xirs strained every nerve to see. " The
riE^&renot rang- out and they were off.
Jtound -i-^d round they flew. At the
«ud'cf each !ap a fresh runner was on
i-.u-d to take up the etruersle for his
"tired mate. It was a hard, square bat
"tJe and Lick, ever in front from tho
•tart, finished first. Oakland was sec
ond, and" Lowell third.
, Tfcis victory grave Lick ten points,
but still Ehe was only half a point
ahead cf Oakland. Oakland had 40
and . Lick 4OVs. with Lowell
lar ijehiRS, with 84 points. One more
*ietory ' ivas needed and th!s came in
Xhi hammer throw. True, Lick did not
Vim. but two of her men pot second
and third places and thus added four
«nore points to the total for the school.
, The final ecore for the day reads
asTcllo-ns: Lick School, 44^4; Oakland
JJigh School. 40; Lowell School. 34;
"Berkeley School, 23; Alameda
eschool,
A!s for the performance* of the
Fprlnters and runners for the day there
was cothins phenomenal The times
v,£re somewhat slow, on account of the
heavy • track, which hindered the
youths. But two records were broken,
/thf-high jump by Hall of the Oakland
H:jrh School, a son of Superior Judge
P. 2C.' Hall, who put himself 1 5-8 Inches
"higher than any previous Jumper from
•the: "prep" schools, clearing 5 feet S 5-S
.-Inches. Blaliemore of Berkeley High
Bctedol threw the hammer 3 " feet 4
inches farther than the previous record,
rfho results cf the day are as follows:
.'¦"-yard ca-«h — Rice, O. U. S.. first; Dela
*"-'->".'" Lick, *ecoc(i; S»sal, Berkelev, third.
Y:.t.*>. :U5 4-5.
Twonalle run — Maundrell and Meyer, Low
«::. t:. ; KUtaztf, Lick, third. Time, 11:05 4-5.
.wj.yard run — D« Meraiel, Lowell. Erst; Mil
>r. •l>rkrjey, seccud; Flches, Oakland, third.
, l'»-yai4 das=h: First heat— D«la=ey. Lick,
first; vetper. Oakland, second. Tima. :io 4-5
t-'«'i.r.d teat — Ccz>e. Lick. first; VThitman,
Becbd<7, sec-rnd. Time. :10 2-5. final
<: ie firtt. •VThirjran second. Deiaaey third.'
c " :i- «. :18 1-5.
V-'-yard ht;r<«>— Me-lrin. Oakland, first;
Dorjer, 'OaJ-iand. recor.d; Monteagle, third.
T:n,c, :1T. i
.44>-»ard r-jn — Grumky. Lcwell, first; Shee- i
liari. Ozuiai-d. eeeond; Jonee. Lick. third, i
"T&*. -.:¦* i-:.. !
. TfJ-yzrl liur«!e — First h»at: Golcher. Lick. '
•first; . Mpnteaele, Ijowell. second; tlm* :2D.
Secdnd beat: MeJvin, Oakland, first; WHken
boo. Berkeley. F?cond; time. :29 4-5. Th!rd
beat: -Bcnner. Loxrell, first; Stone. Berkeley.
**X-nd; t!n;e. s» 2-5. Final: Golcher. first:
il-Ivin. eecond; Bcr.ner. third: time :27 3-6.
Sao-yard dczh— First boat: Bade. Lick. fir*t:
J.«i;rei:*\ Eerkc-Iey. «=efcrd; time. :25. Second
teat: Whitman. Berkeley, first: Sites. Oakland,
neccttd: tlTji<», :24 2-5. Third »»at: Schnatlcp.
OnkJarsi, fi.Tt: O'Ccnnor. Lick, second; time.
-.25. F!raxl: Beck, first; Whitman. 6*cond;
E'^rebles, third; time. :24 1-5.
V.'.lf- run — !><? Mamlel, l»Tre!l. first; Maun
<t»-:! lAvec'.l. second; Cl-arcpreaux. Lick, third.
T;mo. 4-.X.2 3-5.
M!> rplay — L!ck. Sret; Oakland, a-cond;
Loxrdl. third.
Pc'.p vault — Mull»n, Lick, first: Jamison,
AUT-.oda. erd Hotchk'.fs. Lick, second. Height,
9<**X 1« irichcs.
T?roa(5 Jurr.p — Bor.ner. Lowell, and Melvln,
<">ak'and. ti*-; Vesper, Oakland, third. Dietance,
Si T'-et 1*4 tactea.
Phot rut — ZJlakeir.cre. Berkeley, first; Bonl
f< ;<1. rr,lyt«?chnio. «>ecor.d; Mtillen, Lick, third.
DlttkBce, *1 ie*t $ r \ inches.
' Hi;h juirp — Hall. Oakland, first; Elakcmore,
J^rrkPley, ani! Majrrrstafit. Lick, tie. Height,
r ¦ • i-'s. tadxs.
Uemsifr throw — Blak^more. Berkeley, first:
ll-i::eri. Ll^k. s^ccr.d; TIr-tchkl«, L!ck, third.
.TMftarN-e. ISI 1*et 4 inch**.
The officials for the day -were the
follo-ning named:
Re'fce, Howard D. Enith; »tart»r. Cado-
P',.- : Jadgen of f.nlsb— Torrcy. Bociiar, C.
•U'oolsey. ;jpaner: timers — Tornpkln*, Chrlnty,
3 1 - • ~: C<v>!<?y; fle^4 Judges— Koch. Chaplin,
Jsnies, Mrfw, N. 'tt'iirrjt; mf»rjt»rf — Youns.
e-peTTT, Fr»1. Abadie: insp«^-tors — Titus. Bojti
*oji. j. tfficox; olertrs of courae — Montgomery,
r^wcli; tcoror, KrT.z: announcer. Hume.
Hall Improves Figures in
' High Jump, While Blake
more Gets Hammer Throw
TWO BECOKDS BEOKEN
Arrived Mar 20 — Br mtmr IndrapurM from !
Hcngkonir.
TATOOSH — P«uaed In Mar 28— Schr Premier,
hence Mar 16 for Port Townasnd.
Tassed out Mar 26 — Stmr Mackinaw, from
Tacoma, for San Francisco.
EVERETT— Sailed Mar 26— Br bark Dunree
ran. for Sydney.
Arrived Mar 26 — Sohr Transit, from Hadlock.
REDONDO — Arrived Mar 26 — Bchr R. W.
Bartlett, from Tacoma; etmr Whlttier, hence
Mar 24.
PORT HARFORD— Sailed Mar 20^-Stmr
Coos Bay, for San Pedro.
BANDON— Arrived Mar 2fr— Stmr Elizabeth,
hence Mar 23.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Mar 26— Schr Metha
Nelson, from Grays Harbor.
COOS BAT — Arrived Mar 26 — Stmr Empire,
hence Mer 23.
Arrived Mar 26 — Stmr Empire, hence Mar 23.
Sailed Mar 26 — Schr Ruby, for San Pedro.
BKAGWAT- Sailed Mar 26— Stmr Dolphin,
for Seattle.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Mar 26— Stmr Del
Norte. for Crescent City.
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed Mar 26— Schr
Alpena, for Sydney.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Arrived Mar 26— Ship 8. P.
Hitchcock, from Yokohama.
Sailed Mar 26— Bark Alfien Boss*, for San
Francisco.
EASTERN PORT.
NEW YORK — Arrived Mar 25 — 6hlp Dtripo.
from Philadelphia.
Arrived Mar £0 — Stmr Nebraskan, from San
Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
FOREIGN PORTS. • ,
SYDNEY— Arrived prior to Mar 25 — Sftnr
Sierra, bence Mar 3.
CORONEL— Arrived Mar 8— Ger «tinr Neko,
from Hamburg for San Francisco.
PANAMA— Sailed Mar 12— Br ehlp Swanhil
da, for Tocopllla.
SUEZ— Sailed Mar 10— Br itmr Arabia, for
Han lla.
DUNKIRK— la port Mar 14— Br ship British
Isles, for San Francisco via Antwerp.
SANTA ROSALIA— In port Mar 14— Br ship
Oltlcbimi, for Port Townsend.
NEWCASTLE, Aua — Arrived Mar 25 — Schr
Churchill, from East London.
NEW YORK — Arrived Mar 26 — Stmr Lau
rentlan, Glasgow.
Balled Mar 2G — Stmr Meeaba, for London;
stmr Zetland, for Antwerp; stmr Necltar, for
Naples; stmr Campania, for Liverpool; itsir
Astoria, for Glasgow; stmr JCorge. for Chrls
tlansand.
Arrived Mar 26 — Stmr St. Louis, from
Southampton and Cherbourg.
GENOA — Arrived Mar 28 — Stmr Calabria,
from New York.
ANTWERP— Sailed* Mar 26— Stmr Vader
land. for New York. *
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed Mar 26— Stmr Mar
quette. from London, for New York.
LIVERPOOL — Arrived Mar 26 — Stmr Cym
ric, from Boston; atmr Ceetrlan, from, Boston.
Sailed Mar 25 — Stmr Goorglc, for New York;
Mar 20 — Stmr Lucania, for New York.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior to Mar 26—
Stror Doric, from' Pan Francisco, via Hono
lulu, etc.. for Hongkong.
ROTTERDAM— Sailed Mar £«— Stmr Rotter
dam, for New York.
HAVRE— Sailed Mar 26— Stair La, Tour
alne, for New York.
The Pacific Mail Company's steam
ship Colon. Captain Irvine, sailed yes
terday for Panama and way ports with
2800 tons of freight and flfty-flve pas
sengers. A Mexican woman and her
fiv© children, who arrived on the City
of Sydney and were refused admit
tance to the country by the Immigra
tion Bureau, were deported on the Co
lon.
The Panama liner's cargo Included
700 tons of flour, 300 tons of lead- and
1800 barrels of California wine.
Cany Off the Honors to the
Bay Counties Semi-Annual
Field Dav at Berkeley
Steamship Colon r s Cargo Includes 1800 Barrels of
the Product of the California Grape— Mexican
Woman and Her Five Children Are Deported
LICK ATHLETES
PROVE VICTORS
PANAMA LINER CARRIES
BIG SHIPMENT OF WINE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 27, 1904.
35
A variety of articles FOR
SALK 1i» tlit! Miscellaneous Ads.
Gas Kngines to Sewing Ma-
chines — Some bargains that
may Interest you.
A' number of MISCELLA-
/NEOUS WANTS, too. Perhaps
you can fill the needs. |
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MEN CURED
V* ~\ HOT
/li^^>\ SCLO BY
Scientific
'¦;$\' .d2b g^- Natural
iliii •
¦£l£W% mil
C:vp* Via, Vigror and Vitality, COM-
yciXIETCr G&OWTH and life Bashful
rnd incompetent men made confident.
Don't be half a man; use a natural re-
jBtorativo. Our Vacuum Developer com-
bined with our Improved "Perfect" local
febsorbinpr
Soluble Me<5icatod Bougies - or Crayons
qtdckly cure Gleot. all drains. Stricture,
P.rcmat'jrenrss. Prostatic Affections, etc.
We have « SPECIAX Medicated Crayon
for CrOZTOKBHOEA, which is especially
rffectivo. being Germicidal. Antiseptic.
Soothinj? ivr.d Ucallner; it materially
shortens the attack and lravcs no bad ef-
fects, as -with the old forms of treat-
ment.
For VAKICOCEI.E our Improved 9S>
VXXiOFZXl, combined with our Hew
"Patented" EUSPEirsOKY and COM-
PSX&SOS, v.ill quickly cure every case.
Pont be operated upon. Investigate this.
Call or w-rilo for descriptive, illustrat-
ed. 'Vopyrf^htfd" 100-page book. Health
for Men only. Sent Securely Sealed I"ree.
Our Physicians are experienced and
jstrlctly reliable specialists and cure all
<liseases cf Men by modern methods.
Treatment given on 10 days' trtal'and
approval. Hours: 9 to 9; Sunday. JO to 1.
HEALTH APPLIiKCE CO-
,- C O'lTAXiRELLi ST, Near Market.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
¦^^^^^^^^^ajLfc^ I want to talk to men who have pains and aches, who feel run down physically,
J who realize that the old "fire" and energy which was* so evident in youth is absent
/H0^p §g|Kpp7^ "^^. now » mcn w^° can '^ stand the amount of exertion they could years ago. I want
iaiiiiijp**!!!? TOSv you — if that means you — to see what I have done for others who were just as bad of?.
alii|gglg^ ||^ W& That's my introduction. If a friend in whom you had confidence presented some one
\^^^^P^%^^Sfe. *£$£%*$ t0 y° u an( * sa^' " J ac^» iere ' s Brown ; he has made good with me, and I trust him,"
W^^l wouldn't you trust him too? If you will tell me where you axe I will give you the
T^i&^WtitffflM-' Jr^ \ name of a man in your own town whom I have cured- I have cures everywhere.
'^^W ' ILL 0M FORFEIT!
£%, F° r a case of Nervous Debility, Varicocele, Rheumatism, Lame Back, L"umbago, t Sd-
I^^^^^P^vk atica, any case of Kidney Disease that has not gone as far as Bright's Disease; Indi-
r^S^^^L gestion, Constipation or any Weakness which I cannot cure^ with my new Improved
--"^^^^^^^^^lv^^Kl^^^^fVp?B Electric Belt, the marvel of electricians, the most wonderful curative device thai has
' \ ever 'been introduced. This Belt is complete with Free Electrical Suspensory.
This Electric Suspensory carries the current direct and cures all weaknesses of men, varicocele, etc. It develops and expands all
weak nerves and checks a loss of vitality. No case of Failing Vigor, Varicocele or Debility can resist this powerful Electric Attach-
ment. It never fails to cure.
Mr. E. F. Iiohman. Hooker, Cal., writes, March 11: "The feeling of despondency is cone and I have perfect confidence In myself now. I'm a well man."
No man should be weak, no man should suffer the loss of that vitality which renders life worth living. No man should allow;
himself to become less a man than nature intended him, no man should suffer when there is at hand a certain cure for his weakness.
Most of the pains, most of the weakness of stomach, heart, brain and nerves, from which men suffer, are due to an early loss of
nature's reserve power. You need not suffer for this. You can be restored. The very element which you have lost you can get back,
and you may be as happy as any man that lives.
My Electric Belt, with special Electric Suspensory, will restore your power. It will check all loss of vital power and affects
every organ of the body.
Mr. W. F. Quite, Reno. Nev., writes, March 10: "Tour Belt cured ma after I had spent $1000 In useless doctorlnc* \
I have cured thousands of men who have squandered the savings of years in useless doctoring. <
My Belt is easy to use; put it on when you go to bed ; you feel the glowing heat from it (no sting or burn, as in old syle belts),
and you feel the nerves tingle with the new life flowing into them. You get up in the morning feeling like a two-year-old.
An old man of 70 says he feels as strong and young as he did at 35. That^hows it renews the vigor of youth. It cures Rheu-
matism, Sciatic Pains, Lumbago, Kidney Trouble. Banishes pain in a night, never to return.
Mr. A. C. Hammond. 330 Pine street San FranciBCO, says, March 20: "At the age of 75 your Belt has cured me of general weakness and kidney trouMa"
What ails you? Write and tell me, and no matter where you are I think I can give you the address of some one in your town that I have
cured. I've cured thousands, and every man of them is a walking advertisement for my Belt.
Every man "who uses my Belt gets the advice and counsel of a physician free. I give you all that any medical man can give, and a lot
that he can't.
Pppp ROOk^ ry my e^* W r * te me to -d a y for my beautiful illustrated book, with cuts showing how my Belt is applied, fall
riXCC D\JUI\ O f goo( j rca ding matter for men who want to be "The^pblest Work of God"— A MAN. Inclose this ad. and I
will send this book, sealed, free. '
CALL TO-DAY — If you can, call and see me and I will show you how you can be cured and give you a free test of my Belt. CON-
SULTATION FREE.
DR. M. C. MCLAUGHLIN, 906 Market St., M San Francisco
Office Konrai 8 a. m. to 8 p. m. Sundays. 10 to 1. Seattle Offlce, 105 Columbia St. l.os Anirelei, 129 Soatb Sprtaff Street.
AJVEBTISTiTVTENTS.
UHBaBaMHHHaHBHHBnraMMHUHMnU.Ul
B *^ Last week we told you what W. J. Ramsey of 511 Hayes street S
¦ says about our "Rupture cura Here is another: »i gg
g \ S. R, Cal., Feb. 10, '04. ¦
g "This is to certify that I was cured by the Fidelity Rupture B
g Cure, after suffering pain with trusses 15 years. I am now able to ¦
H do any kind of work without either pain or truss, and have done 2
p so for nearly a year. I cheerfully recommend the Fidelity treat- S
¦ ment. PETER A. SMITH, ; 3
S If you are in doubt, go and see these men. We can give you S3
gj names and addresses enough to keep you calling a month — all cured H
S by us. Do not risk comfort, health — perhaps your life — any longer. 2
sg Consultation free. No pay until cured. 2
1 Fidelity Rupture Cure |
"1344 flarket Street San Francisco §
BBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBaaBBBBBBB
Marquette Whiskey bears the name of
a great and good man and is good enough
to deserve it. It is the finest and costliest
whiskey distilled. See that you get Mar-
quette and you are sure to get the best.
- - '*}-'
OEOMMSS & ITCXiXlCK. SPOZK-PATXZCX CO3SFAST.
BISTZEAESS. 400 BATTEBT ST, S. 7.
, • . CHICAGO. UJC. «... XSLEPSOaS KAZXr 636.
' -. ' - '• ¦ ' I ' - ' ,' The man who takes a woman to his
heart often wishes he had taken her
somewhere else. ."'
Eflso Soggio, a native of Italy, 20
years old,' was found dead in bed yes
terday morning in a lodging-house at
48 Cast street. Gas was flowing: from
an open burner, in. the room. Soggio
rented the 'room at 10 o'clock last
Friday -night. He was a member of
the Sailors' Union.
Sailor Commits Suicide.
.Thomas Graham of Tettenhall Court,
Southampton, England, head of the
Aldlne Publishing Company of London,
the managing editor and proprietor of
several English papers and .an exten
sive traveler. •. is registered at the Pal-
W. J. Odell, a prominent business
man of Cincinnati, who has been visit
ing this -city; for a week, leaves to-day
for his home. ,
- Dr. Morris . Herzstein of this city,
after spending some time in Baltimore
and . New York, sails . for Europe on
March 29. .
Adjutant General J. B. Lauck is
down from Sacramento and staying at
the California. - . .
Guy -T. Barhanv Bank Commissioner,
and wife are among the „ latest arrivals
at the. St. Francis. ' ;
Dr. T. G. Brennan of Stockton is at
the Lick.
A. E. Boynton," an attorney' of Oro
ville, Is at the Grand.
Railroad Commissioner A. C. Irwin of
Marysville is at the Lick.
Arthur Letts, a prominent business
man of Los Angeles, is at the Palace.
State Bank Commissioner Herman
Silver of Los Angeles is at the Palace.
State Senator C. W. Pendleton is up
from Los Angeles and registered at the
Palace. "->«^ ;
A. W. Durkee, a retired broker of.
New York, and wife are at- the St.
Francis.
'Joseph .L.' Anderson and' wife of
Washington, D. C, are at the St.
Francis. ¦ • ¦ ¦> ¦
PERSONAL.
SHOOTS HIMSELF IN HEAD.— Nat Green
low, a ship carpenter,, shot himself in the
rlpht temple with suicidal Intent early yes
terday morning in a Folsom-street lodging
house. He, was taken to the Emergency Hos
pital. The wound is not fatal, though Green
law will lose his sight.
gomery street.
The- scenery alons the route of the Overland
Limited over the Southern and Union Pacific
to Chicago or St. Louis is well worth seeing,
especially when you can do It from the win
dows of . n well-equipped dining car. Get
"Sl&hts and Scenes From the Car Windows,"
from S. F. Booth, General Agent, 1 Mont-
Very Pretty Pictures.
However, if some of the Eastern rules
are found superior to those now In
force they will be adopted, but It is not
Intended to make any radical changes.
In all likelihood the rules will be in
the main the same as they have been
for some time past, the principal
change being made in the matter of
placing responsibility for the proper
conduct of the schools where It belongs.
One rule which will be made more
binding in character will be the sec
tion relating to ventilation, which the
board has ascertained is not strictly
complied with by teachers. The rule
provides that teachers shall give vigi
lant attention to the ventilatiqn and
temperature of their rooms, 'and shall
especially -avoid an excessive degree of
heat. During the season in which fires
are required in . schools teachers must
endeavor to keep their rooms at a tem
perature not below 65 degrees and not
above TO degrees Fahrenheit. A pro
vision may be added to the rule for the
purpose of enforcing: compliance with
Its requirement, as the board considers
that proper ventilation is of vital con
sequence to pupils.
The Board of Education- is now con
sidering the rules governing the admin
istration of the public schools in sev
eral Eastern cities irr "connection with
the revising of, the lpcal rules now In
force. President Roncovieri yesterday
received copies of the rules of Roches
ter and Chicago with. a view to incor
porating some of the best features .con
tained therein 2 in ,the • regulations in
vogue here.
The rules of the Eastern cities differ
from the local rules In that the educa
tional work Is left entirely to the Su
perintendent of Schools, the adminis
trative part of the work being vested
in the Board of Education. It. is not
intended, -however, by the. Board of
Education of this city, to surrender any
of Its vested powers to the Superintend
ent, since this could not be done with
out the consent of the State Legisla
ture. "' . ¦ ¦ . '. .
The following named parlors of the
Native Sons of the Golden West in San
Francisco have elected delegates as
follows to the Grand Parlor, that is
to meet In Vallejo next month:
Golden Gate No. 29— Henry C. Paaquale,
John K. Mclsaae. John P. Coghlan and Thomas
C. Conray.
San Francisco No. 40— John H. Xelson Da
vid Capurro, Robert P. Troy and Edward L,.
Rlttore. i . ' .. ¦
El Dorado No 52— Angelo J. Rossi J J
Greeley. D. D. Lowney.
Rincon No. 72— George S Dryden, John
Hannan. A. Uuef. San. A. Wilson.
Tetba Buena No. 8 f— John T. Harmea and
A. E. Buckingham.
Bay City No. ]**— H. G. W. Dlnkelsplel,
Louis Hlrsch and Harry Levlnson
National No. 118— W. E. McCreery Charles
Boston and D. E. Murden.
Olympus No. ISO— Andrew Mocker and Julius
Eppstem.
Marshall No. 202— Joseph Rose and Edward
H. Kroenke.
Doloros No. 208 — H. J. Mahoney and George
W r . Gerhard. - .
Twin Peaks No. 214— John P. Fennell and
Frank A. Haas. . . .- ¦ .
Grand Pnrlor Delegates.
William McCarthy and Joseph Me-
Gowan were arrested last night at the
entrance to the Grand Opera-house
while trying to pick pockets in the
crowd. Detectives Bell and Taylor
caufcht the criminals^ who are old of
fenders, and placed them on the de
tenue book pending the filing of any
complaints of , lost property. Frank
Brown and Edxvard Price, two alleged
bunko men, were also arrested on
suspicion of being pickpockets.
Pickpockets Are Arrested.
Board of Education May
Adopt School Begulations
* of Other Large Cities
EASTERN RULES
ARE CONSIDERED
ace. Mr. Graham has been spending
several weeks in Southern California.
Melville D. Landon, the humorist,
who is more familiarly known to the
American public as "Eli Perkins," ar
rived at the Palace yesterday.
Melville E. Stone, general manager
of the Associated Press, arrived yes
terday from New York and is regis
tered at the Palace. He recently re
turned from a trip to Europe. ¦ v'
A special song service will be held
•this evening at St. Luke's Church,
Van Ness avenue and Clay street. The
programme includes many beautiful
numbers. The. regular choir will be
assisted by St. Luke's auxiliary choir
under the direction of W. A. Sabin.
St. Charles Chnrch Entertainment.
The members of the McDonald
booth and the League of the Cross
band will trive an entertainment and
concert at Mission Turn Verein Hall.
Kighteenth and Valencia streets, on
Monday evening, April 4. for the bene
fit nf tha St. Chnrles Church fund. An
elaborate musical and literary pro
gramme v has been arranged for the
occasion.
¦ ? «
Springer Sole Devisee.
The will of Bernard Baehr was filed
for probate yesterday. It leaves his
$11,000 estate to his stepson, Abra
ham Springer.
The Board of Education is cognizant
of the unsanitary conditions that pre
vail in most of the schools,, but it is
powerless to take Immediate action
owing to lack of the necessary funds.
The School Directors have. made.per
sonal investigations and find that the
bad conditions are . exactly as ; rejpre
sented" by Jthc district health officers in
their daily reports.
The Board of Education has also been
consulting with, the members of the
Finance Committee of the Board of
Supervisors to the end that a sufficient
appropriation may be made in the next
municipal budget to., put the various
schools in a sanitary condition. Super
visor d'Ancona of tho committee has
made a personal inspection of some of
the schools considered to be the worst
from a sanitary point of view.
Among the schools in which the
plumbing and drainage has been found
to be defective are the Pacific Heights.
Lowell High, Dudley Stone, Everett
and the Sunnyside. Plumbing Inspector
Mulligan has reported that the entire
plumbing system in tlft Pacific
Heights School should be reconstructed.
The Health Board has instructed the
district health officers to inspect all the
schools again next Monday, Tluesday
and Wednesday and to make fiflal and
complete reports regarding their sani
tation. Upon the nature of the reports
filed the Board- of .Health will take of
ficial action, which may result in the
closing of the schools before the end
of the regular term.
The officials named have learned from
inquiries that some of the schools, con
sidered the best of their kind, have de
fective plumbing and the lavatories
are of an obsolete pattern. The exist
ing conditions are so bad that the
Health Board believes that much sick
ness will result among the pupils, espe
cially when the warm weather sets in.
To avoid such results the Health Board
probably will order the closing of the
schools found, defective in drainage
construction for the purpose of remedy
ing the evils.
The district health officers have been
filing such : startling reports regarding
the deplorable condition of the plumb
ing and drainage -.In a number of the
public schools that the Board of Health
is preparing to order the closing of
some of the institutions on the ground
that the existing sanitary conditions
are a menace to the health of the
pupils. The foregoing statement was
made yesterday by Deputy Health Of
ficer Levy.
For the last month District Health
Officers Tillman, Dillon and Adler have
been pursuing systematic investiga
tions into the drainage systems of the
schools in their several districts, and
the Health Board has arrived at the
conclusion that something must -be
done to safeguard the health of the
pupils.
Health Board Preparing to
Close Those That Have De
fective .Drainage Systems
SCHOOL HOUSES
ARE UNSANITARY
The Indications are that there will
be a very large throng of visitors dur-,
ing the conclave week of the Knights
Templar. Thus far the hotel commit
tee has secured rooms for 10,500 per
sons and the demands are still being
received. Arrangements are being
made to secure accommodations for
10.000 more in private residences.
'Arrangements are also being made to
furnish the visiting Knights free
transportation on the street cars dur
ing the week. Excursions are being
arranged to many points for merabers
of the fraternity and the Grand Op
era-house for the purpose of giving
Chinese theatrical performances to
entertain the commanderies. A num
ber of the counties will have exhibits
at some central point, possibly on one
of the public parks. '
The Approaching Conclave.
Children's march, by Misses Marguerite Doe.
Rutb Wlnslow. Gertrude O'Brien and Masters
Bowman Bailard. Willie Mlntzer, Theodore
Lillunhal. John Ureuner and Dearborn Clark;
rlown and acrobatic specialties; random; by
Miss Mabel Hose— "Polo." "Goldle" and
"Baby"; boxtnt, wrestling: and pyramid, by
members of Olympic Club; hurdle Jumping, by
eight ladles, members and ruests of San
Francisco Itldlnt Club: aertar specialties; four
tandemrf.. Miss Lucle ; Klnif— "Brlscon" and
The little folks held forth at the mati
nee of the Doctor's Daughters' horse
ehow yesterday afternoon at the San
Francisco Riding Club,. Seventh avenue
: and-C street, and the tots showed a3
much interest in the programme' that
had. been prepared for their entertain
ment as was evinced by their parents
the night before.
. Although the children were largely in
the majority, a goodly number of adults
was also on hand. The little ones thor
oughly enjoyed themselves, and their
voices blended in childish glee at the
events calculated to impress the juve
nile mind. The Japanese trick. donkey,
the smallest horse in the world, the
property of Thomas H. Williams Jr.;
Miss Norwood's trained dog and many
other features were liberally patronized.
The following programme was ar
ranged for the matinee performance: .
The surplus candy, peanuts and pop
corn weresent to the Boys' and Girls'
Aid Society, with the compliments of
the Doctor's Daughters. The ladies an
ticipated clearing $4000, but the in
clement .weather yesterday afternoon
kept many away, and the receipts may
not reach that. mark.
"Vermont," i Mrs.- Ferdinand etepheneon—
"Colonel" and "Peacock," Miss Mabel Hogsr— r
"Loddle" and, "Dandy," Miss Louise Stone—
"Kleber" and "Harry.".
The raffle of the pony, trap and har
ness and the Yorkshire terrier, present
ed by, Mrs. Hamilton, will take place
Saturday afternoon, April 2, at 5 o'clock,
at the store of W. & J. Sloane. Tickets
will be on* sale during the week at the
St. Francis Hotel, W. & J.Sloane's and
Sherman & Clay's.
The flsh pond and- confectionery booth
were largely patronized by the young
sters. The ladies having the affair in
charge. are deeply grateful to the mem
bers of the Olympic Club, who mate
rially assisted in making the affair a
success. Edward S. Jones, riding mas
ter of the San Francisco Riding Club,
who had charge of the ring, lent valu
able assistance, and John Flournoy,
who was untiring in his efforts to make
the show a success, is to be greatly
commended.
LITTLE FOLKS ENJOY
DAY AT HORSESHOW
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; . SUNDAY, MARCH 27, 1904.
36
ADVXBTIflKMT.NTtSL --,.:-"-.„
v* v w ii -% t t ¦ ¦ j . a yv 1 XT\ t f\
CITY
Dry Goods •=^^^P i Company.
Colored Dress Fabrics
«
A large variety of Spring novelties in entirely
new makes at most reasonable prices : , :
• All-Wool Plain French Voile, English Mohair Novelties,
• in a complete line of col- particularly adapted for ;
4.. „- shirt-waist suits, a large
• ors, at most exceptional y .^
values, a dress pattern. . . . patterns from $6 to $12
S5.2o ,». -j *r .« o •*•
Mixed 1 ailor suitings, we
• Novelty Lace Voile, entirely are showing a strong line
' 'new fabric for the season, of thesematenals,dress pat-
j ~ ~ a? f\n terns $3.50 to $12.50
• a dress pattern. . $7.UU
• : .'. . ¦•-.^v French Challles-anothership-
" Voile Raye, shown in large mcnt . ust op^d showing
• ' variety striped effects, a many original designs, a
dress pattern for . . $fe. 75 yard 50c and 60c
• Attention is arrested to our stupendous collec-
tion of discerningly purchased seasonable woolen
— -
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
Geary and Stockton Streets. Union Square.
...THE CALL'S EASTER PICTURE...
• The cold black and white half -tone, below gives one but a faint conception of the
beauty of the original one in colors, which the publishers of the Sunday Call secured
for their exclusive use.
A Beautiful Painting f=j ft Study from Life
"An Easter Offering."
ST. JOSEPH LILIES.
This Easter Supplement is produced by an entirely new process, and is issued for
' the first time in this country by The Call. : r - „¦ -
This particular picture is presented with the idea that there is a certain element of
interest in the portrayal of real people that is not brought out by either drawings , or.
paintings, hence the study depicted above has a living interest that is impossible in. the
most famous paintings. . -
A Tonnessen photograph of a beautiful woman and a child first gave the artist the
basic conception of this new idea. To the graceful lines and features of the photo-
graph were added the delicate tints, clever, fancies and transforming touches that made
of the resultant picture a thing of artistic beauty and excellence, quite aside from its
original value as a portrait
'/An -Easter Offering" is an example of the highest class work of this kind and
represents* the advance which has recently been made, in chromatography or. color . -
Pnnttn * GO TO YOUR ¦ -NEWSDEALER;/-
He has a copy exactly like the one The Call will, give you. A sample has been sent
him to display in his shop. Tell him to reserve for you
.... NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL;...
i Aim*' NFnrwFAB II ~~ " EASTER VEILS
LADIES NECK W tAK {>{% You y U. find here the largest
that we have the dressiest, . O^te^S^ ' : ' Priccs rari S c ' : ' '
daintiest; Neckwear. In- the KearflJ Afld Slitter StS. ? 35c to $2.0Q.K;
city-and all popularly priced. . ~ ; v k ._
Important Sale of Lace Curtains
Sale Starts To-morrow Morning = Values Greater Than Ever. (!u1?«str°°t)
, News that should unquestionably pack, our House Furnishing department Monday to overflowing
with eager purchasers: $2,500 worth of beautiful high-grade Lace Curtains go on sale, all new,
! choice, and absolutely the best values ever offered : - * .
Nottingham Lace Curtains, white or Arabian Lace Curtains, with plain cable Bonne Femme or Ftouhced Lace Cur-
ecru, 3" yards long, choice de- net centers, handsome floral tains, Arabian^ white, late^tfor
signs; real valuefi.25 pair, at$1.00 borders; value $3.25 pair, at $2.50 parlor use; worth $4-50 each, at $3.50
Nottingham Lace Curtains,, white or Arabian Lace Curtains, fine quality, Handsome 'Arabian- Lace Curtains, in
ecru, plain and figured centers, 4 corded borders, plain net a choice variety of exclusive de-
3h yds, long; worth $2 pair,at$1.50 centers; worth $3-75 pa»r. at $3.00 signs; value $b.oo pair, at $5.00
Bronzes and Imported Glassware at 1/4 Off
(Second Floor Kearny St.) . £ ;•;;
This is a fine chance to obtain a handsome ornament or secure a suitable Easter present or a
wedding gift. Not an article in this magnificent collection that is not of superior make and finish.
Ail offered, during this entire week, at
25 Per Cent Discount from Marked Prices.
French Metal Figures, from... ....... $1.50 to $9.00 Fine Imported Bohemian Glassware — Vases and
French Bronze Busts, from.. $4.25 to $21.00 Bowls, $2.10 to $11. 25 i",! ' *
Electrical French Bronze Groups, with i to $ lights, Richly hand-carved Karlsbad Glassware, white and
prices ranging from $4.85 to $56.25 tinted, priced from $2.65 to $10.50
Genuine Bronze Ash Trays, Seals, Paper Weights. Ink Handsome Novelty Liqueur Sets ....$3.00 to $15.00
Wells, Smokers' Sets, etc.— all one-quarter off. • Kayserzinn Vases, Bowls, Trays, Coolers— all reduced.
Fine Values in Fashionable Silks = Monday
{First Floor Kearnjr St.)
-Pretty Silk Crepe de Chine, 23 Ins. . Beautiful quality Peau de Crepe, in Figured Louislne Silks, In choice new
wide, in splendid variety of colors, in- every new shade, including black and self color, designs, principally light
1 a- ki tfttth* a !.,«,,.. „„ Ji.r,, white; 3. soft finish, all silk fabric, suit- grounds; just the fabric for evenmc or
eluding black, white and ivory, quality ab , e forsurnmer costumes; inade to sell reception gowns; real value $1.50 yard
that is sold regularly at $1.00 yard, at f or j,. 5o a yard— our price —Monday special at
85c yard $1.00 yard $1.00 yard
Ladies' Gloves For Easter Wear (is^o
The Gloves are here, correct styles, in all the new spring shades. Our constant aim is to give
better fitting and wearing gloves for the price than it is possible to get elsewhere. We mention-
three of our foremost styles : 1
% The "Amazon"- a very popular Silk Mesh Gloves, with plain lisle The "Maggioni"— athree-dasp Kid
Glove, made of fine, selected skins, thread palms, neatly embroidered Glove of the very finest make; we are
with two clasps; all colors, including backs; colors — gray, mode, beaver, now showing all the new shades for
black and white, special at black and white; very stylish street or evening wear, at •" '.''
$1.00 Pair $1.00 Pair $1.50 Pair
Charming New Waists For Spring WM^
New Spring Waists Galore! Waists that are bright, pretty and dressy — all in chic effects
after the latest models and all moderately priced. Here are three of the special values for to-morrow:
Waists of pretty striped Madras, ; Waists of White Lawn with red, Waists of Fine White Lawn, with
made in the new erfect, with full front, blue or black Polka dots; tucked front front, back and sleeves beautifully
large sleeves and fancy stock collar — arid back, latest style sleeves, very hemstitched, tucked and embroidered;
exceptional value at stylish and excellent value at special at
$1.25 Each $1.50 Each , $1.75 Each
Ladies' Knitted Silk Underwear (ss^so
Our Ladies' Knit Underwear department with its immense assortment of new, seasonable styles,
offers to-morrow these four tempting values :. . *'•...,' » : '» r 4 ,^
Silk Plated Vests, Swiss ribbed, prettily hand crocheted 1 Silk Equestrienne-Tights, Swiss ribbed, in white, pink or
yokes; colors white, pink and blue; .at each. .-.,$1.25.. T ! black; anWe Q,f knee length;, per pair*. v. *;•¦.../ $3-0Q.
Silk Vests, Swiss ribbed, high neck andlong sleeves, in Silk Union Salts," Swiss ribbed, low neck,'5feeveiess and-
'., white and pink;, worth $3.00 each, special $2.00 I ankle length; cream only; worth $5 suit, special $4.00
Sale of Manufacturers' Samples . STAMPED COLLAR AND CUFF SETS
WOOL SHAWLS, CAPES AND SCARFS m»t FW s«n C r sl>
(Third Floor Keamy st.) w c place on .sale Monday a large purchase of Collar
Everyone is a different weave, everyone brand new and and Cuff , Sets: They are made of Scrim, stamped in
in perfect condition — colors are pink, blue, red, white and various designs for cross-stitch wprk.— come in alt white
black. The greatest bargains we have ever offered : or- ecru, also many with dainty colored edges ; '
Wool Shawls, 35c, 50c to 51.15 Each some are hemstitched, others have rows of
. Wool Scarfs, 65c, 85c to 51.00 Each fagotting— real value 35c and 40c — special price S-Z*%C.
Wool Capes, 65c, 90c to $ 1 .50 Each to-morrow, while quantity lasts
MAIL ORDER PATRONS :- Write for our New Spring- Catalogue. We Mail it Free.
j ADVEBTISEilENTa
\wORTff Of fUM/TURl AND \
\f€m*r2rspcASHi
\ AND J1*P. A W££K I
\ WE ARE COMPLETE j
\ HOME FURNISHERS #
% FROM CELLAR TO M
\ GARRET. • #
\ HOTELS. FLATS. . #
% COUNTR Y HOMES. M
Estimates m -
Cheer fu Ify ';M-.~
\FURN/ru/^e ca 1
„ I TAILORED
GOWN SI
The "newest imported patterns
and weaves, also the latest fashion
plates of the most exclusive' gown
makers, ju»; received.
If you want a correct duplicate
of a -smart Paris or English gown
then it is call at our
: LADIES* TAILORING
DEPARTMENT.^
Elevator to second floor. -
1028-1030 Market Street.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And ail other facial blemishes are removed by
DR. and MRS. 'A. W. TRAVERSE. Denoho*
building. 1170- Market street, cor. Taylor, rooms
38-29. wtO tbe electric needle, without pain or
scar; permanency guaranteed: hours 1 to 4 p.m.
+ — ' ; -4»
A well located lodging-house
provides a good income. Quite a .
• few, nicely situated, are adver-
tised to-day.
Read the list of LODGI.VO-
. HOUSES FOR SALE. - .. ;
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The one object of tbta announcement is to ibow
th*'. FREE TltlAl. bottles of
MflRY T. GOLDMAN'S
GRAYHAIR RESTORER
will brlor buck the ortc'nul e.lor ef srr«y and
faded hair anil will leave the hair clean, fluffy
and natural. It has no «cdl«i rut anil Is there*
. fore hirMlcii. fi • t a dye. Bo certain are the
reKalts that we are perfectly willing to rest any
possible future sales upon what can be demon-
strated with these trial bottles. Can we do any-
thing more fair! Bend 10 cents In stamps to cor «r
pontage. Bend full nam<» and address and he »ure
.to tellns the original color of your b.ajr t alao sand
- sample of hair. Address - - • • *•••--¦-
„ „ „:- T«ARY T. COLBMAN,
327-340 tloMaaaa Bids', St. Panl, Mtaa.
Ltrft Btttit $1 ; Prepatd. Wa bin ntnfs la mrj city.
I N OTIC E. ' It casts us 25c for erery tree sample
bottle we send out. If we did not hare a prepar-
ation that will sell on it* merits later, could wa
afford this method of Introduction!
; . ¦:.•' . ¦.-.• -V :., For sale fcy. :¦;. '
World Dtub Co.. 815 Market St. i
Zeh> Drup Store, 1226 Market *t. « ' I
Ooldstein & Cohn (Hair Stcre). 822; Mkt at. IPetitions in insolvency were,, filed
yesterday In the United States District
Court as follows: Alonzo Harrington,
laborer, Sacramento, liabilities J 32 1,
no assets; Thomas J. Scherrebeck. car
penter, San. Jose, liabilities $900. no
assets. ¦ . .
Petitions in Insolvency.
George Benes was arraigned before
Judge Dunne yesterday on a charge
of murder and the case was continued
till April 2 for the defendant to plead.
Benes ia accused of shooting and kill
ing his wife, Emma, In the' Humboldt
House, 1309 Stockton street, on De
cember 7 because she left him and
refused to return.
Benes Arraigned for 3Inrder.
Rabbi Voorsanger gave an Interest
ing lecture . on Oppenfaeimer's paint
ings'of religious . scenes at the Con
cordia. Club yesterday afternoon. The
lecture was given before the Council
of Jewish "Women of - this city. The
speaker explained each of the valu
able paintings, all of which are Illus
trative of scenes of the Jewish reli
gion. The lecture was well attended.
Explains Religious Paintings.
Dr. F. F. Knorp has removed his of
fices to the Muirhead building, NE. cor
ner of Market and Larkln streets. *
Secretary of War Taft Revokes His
Order Sendlns Gallant Officer Back
. .; to the Philippines.
Major Carrlngrton ia to go to the St.
Louis Exposition after alL "While he
was thunderstruck on Thursday rnorn-^
Ing when he received his orders to re
turn to the Philippines, he was more
surprised yesterday morning when he
received telegraphic notice from Sec
retary of War Taft that the order of
the preceding day had been revoked
and that he was to remain in com
mand of the scouts and go In charge
of^hem to the exposition.
what day they will leave here has
not been decided on as yet, but it prob
j ably will be by the. end of the week,
j In the meantime the scouts will drill
1 daily on the parade ground in front of
the general hospital buildings between
3 nad A o'clock and dress parade and
j 3 and 4 o'clock, and dress parade and
paring to make a big display at St.
! Louis. The quarters in which they
i are to be encamped have been brought
j from the Philippines, while Major Car
i rington has brought a large collection
'of Filipino curios with which' to dec
i orate his headpuarters' cabin.
The transport. Dtx will begin loading
! mules at S o'clock to-morrow morning.
i The animals will be brought in from'
! the Presidio under a guard of cavalry.
¦ As the mules have been enjoying the
I freedom of the post for the past month
j and in a state of frlskness there will
i probably be some lively doings on the
1 transport dock when they attempt to
put them on board the ship.
There will be a big auction sale of
Uncle Sam's condemned goods at An
gel sland on Tuesday morning. . Those
wishing to attend the sale .must pro
cure passes beforehand from Major P.
"W. West In the Phelan building. • /
MAJOR CARRTNGTOX TVILU GO
TO ST. LOUIS WITH SCOUTS
People who think themselves martyrs
often fall to see that they are Just
blooming lucky.
e
John Qulnn, a boy -who was charged
with assault to murder and pleaded
guilty to assault with a deadly weapon,
had sentence suspended during his
good behavior. He and two other boys,
who are also on probation, stabbed
Martin Kroger, a grocer at 600 Second
street, on November 15.
Michael Nealon, charged with as
sault with intent to do* great bodily
harm and who pleaded guilty to simple
assault, was fined $100 by Judge Dunne,
with the alternative of fifty days in
the County JaiL He attacked T. J.
Jordan, a newspaper man, on January
7. 1903, owing to Jordan's criticism of
the sport of coursing.
Carlos Gonzaga, who was convicted
by a Jury on a charge of burglary, was
sentenced by Judge Lawlor to serve
three years in Folaom penitentiary. He
broke into the toolhouse of W. J. Camp
bell, Townsend and Jordan streets, on
January 3.
Yesterday was sentence day In the
Superior courts. In Judge Lawlor's
court Robert A. Mlrowsky, who pleaded
guilty to-a charge of forgery, waa sen
tenced to- serve two years in San Quen
tin. Mlrowsky had been employed as
bookkeeper by th« Western Fish Com
pany and after being discharged for
peculating forged the name of J. B.
Inguglia. the manager, to two checks
on the Central Trust Company.
Mlrowsky came here In the begin
ning of 1901, claiming that he was &
Russian Count. In May of that ytar
he married Mrs. 'Fanny Rosenthal, who
has a tobacco store at 413 Montgomery
street, but as he squandered her money
in fast living acd pawned her' Jewels
she procured a divorce from him in the
following September. He now clalma
that he was a lieutenant in the Italian
army for several years, and that hd
owes his misfortune to gambling.
The Judge In passing sentence said:
"The court is convinced that this case
can be traced to « the gambling evil
which has grown so alarmingly in our
midst. The temptation ta gamble in
some form or other Is encountered at
every turn In the daily life of this. city,
and because of these temptations those
who are not strong enough to resist
them become outcasts and criminals.
In a moral sense the community is
steadily retrograding. Crime due to
temptation which finds apparent coun
tenance in the administration of the
law Is an every day story In San Fran
cisco. Men, women and children who
are not born with evil dispositions are
going wrong because strong tempta
tions are spread before them. It is an
unhappy state of affairs and in this
case It has produced Just as marked
a tragedy in the life of a human being
as though that life itself had been sac
rificed."
Says He Was a Lieutenant
in the Italian Army and
Lost Coin Playing Races
Judge Lawlor Speaks of
It in Passing Sentence
Upon Robert A. Mirowsky
CONFESSES TO F0EGERY
GAMBLING EVIL
IS DENOUNCED
The games committee of the Cale
donian Club 1» making arrangements
for new and attractive features in
dancing at the annual gathering and
games to be held at Shell Mound Park
on Monday, May. 3d. This has always
been regarded as the most popular
event on the long programme and spe
cial attention will be puid to It this
yea>. Besides Irish Jig and reel
dancing by members of the Gaelic
League Dancing Club > s there will be
other exhibitions of the terpsichorean
art never before seen at the club's
games. ¦ '
Dancing at Caledonian Games.
THE SAN FRANCISGO GALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 27, 1904.
37
MISCEIXA2IE0US AMX7SEBIEWTS.
Seattle vis. Sa n Francisco
AT- RECREATION PARK.
EIGHTH AND HARRISON STREETS.
THURSDAY and FRIDAY. 3 :30 p. . m^, and
SATURDAY. 3 p. m.; SUNDAY, 2UJ0 p. m
ADVANCE SALE c~? SEATS. 5 Stockton st.
AMUSEMENTS.
Befinning MONDAT. March 23.
Second Week and TremeaCous Success of
Mr. Pickwick
A'Maslcal Comedy Is Two Acts, Based en
Charles Dickens* Masterpiece.
Initial Acsearacce Here of
Dora de Fillippe
Th» Eminent Lyric Soprano.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
Next — •THE BEGGAR STUDENT."
Usual Popular Prices.. t3c. Me and 73c
Proscenium and Mezzanine Box Seats. . .$l.b)
ALCAZaR 1 *—!"
General Manacer.
AT 8 TO-HTGKT — Mata. To-Day ft Sat.
-CAST WEEK
of Watrner's impreislTe Miracle Flay,
[...PARSIFAL...
SUPEXB STAGS riCTTTBES.
The music by an orchestra of Twenty.
Etes.. S3c to, ?1- Mats. Sat. & San., 25c to 75c.
EASTXB KO5DAT— OH THE QTXXET.
Rerular Prices Then Resumed.
BELASCO & MATER ...Proprietors
Market Street, near Eighth Phone South S33
MATINEE TO-DAY— TO-NIGHT, LAST TIME
The Tremendous Success, <
KING OF 0ETEC1IVES
TO-MORROW NIGHT— ALL NEXT WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Tne Uproariously Funny Farce Comedy
THE HUSTLER
Sen*- and Dance Specialties In Every Act.
PPIfCC Evenings ..»...I0c to 50c
raiWLJ Matineea...... lQc. 15c, S5c
OUR I MUSICAL
INfcW j PRODUCTIONS
AN INNOVATION INDEED.
Instantaneous success of . Play — Company—
Specialties — Something entirely new.
Next Monday. March 28. at 8:15 — Carroll and
. Kerker's Funny Turkish Lyric Comedy,
MK1S7VVEX,"
¦With a laugh for every minute. Again Maj-
nificent scenery and costumes
2O— ACTUAL NOVELTIES-48O
First Appearance of Llzzfe Dertoas Dalv
SEATS NOW. ON SALE.
RESERVED SEATS— Nighu, 23c. 50c and
75c Saturday and Sunday Matlness 23c and
80c. Children at Matinees. 10c and 25c.
\ High-Class Specialties Eierj Afternoon aid
Eiening in the Heated TbeaterV
SHECK BROTHERS; GILES W. HARRING-
TON; CLARK'S DOG CIRCUS; MEMPHIS
KENNEDY ; ' FENZ BROTHERS : MABEL
LAMSON AND NEW MOVING PICTURES.
Get Lost In the MYSTIC MIRROR MAZE.
Take a" TRIP. DOWN THE FLUME.
Rare 'Animals' From • Every Clime la the • Zoo.
AMATEUR NIGHT ; THURSDAY.
Admission. 10c; Children, 5c "
ALHAMBR A THEATER
Tuesday and Thnrsday Nichts. April 5-Z
Saturday Matlse«. Oth
Schumann -Heink I
THE GREAT CONTRALTO
MISS JOSEPHINE HARTMAKM, Pianista
"Pire« Glortoas Feasta of Song-
Seats Readj Kext Thttrsdai at 9 A. II.
gh«Rnan. CUy * Co.* s. where eomolete . pro-.
: tnmsui mar h» obtained.
Prices, $2 CO. $1.3O and $X.0O. Box Seats. $2.50.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
NiTW CALrrORSlA JOCXET CLUB,
Raelac Each W««k Cay. Bate or «>Ti^.
! Six or More Races Daily.
Races cemmnc* at 2:13 p. m. sharps
For special trains stopping at Ut» track "»t
6. P. Ferry, foot of Market street, at 12. V2.MX.
l:C0. 1:30 or 2 o'clock. No soeklnc la last twa
cars, whiea ara rcsarrad for U4Jea aad ta«tr
•acertav'f4Sa«4PlMa^BMM0MBH|BV9l
Rttarclsc train* tea** traek at .'4:10 aad
t:43 ard lranMKfiatelT after ta» Ust ra««.
THOMAS H. WILLIAM3. PnakUat.
" PXRCT W. TREAT, fewrrtarr.
Call, $1.OO per Year
THIS IS WHAT
I CAN DO...
x cah szacova
Wrinkled Skin Decayed Mujc!eJ
W Ithered Skla Fla&by Flesti
SoUow CH*«a:s Firth ?end
Thisi Byabrovs Bad Nose
Sisajnxrmtsts B«d Tclas . (
Moti Parci«§ Bezcma
Pimplas Sunken LcoS
rr*eu«« rmlllnjr Eair
Black Heoia Daadroff
Molea TaUmr Skis,
'Warts 3ou»rli Sida
X BS9TOTS BIaSSQSHSS.
zfo CTTAnas roa astxcs.
< IU|l«li4MUa>Pa.l >iT ti#x j 8Ctrio K#edl «
?baolvtaly ffo Failure.
MRS. NETTIE HARRISON
.}- OESaXATOZ.OOZST.
140 Geary St., San Francisco
Opp. City of Paris.
RAILWAY TliAVEL.
CALIFOJNU N0RTDWES1HN RY. CO.
SAM FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIS
KJLH.WA.T COXFAJTY.
Tltarca Ftrxr. 7oct or SXaxktt Stx*rt.
&ur raAjrczsco to sa.it jsjupaju*.
WESa IXA.TS-r7:S9. *:uO, H:uO a. a.. 13:30.
3:SO. 8:10. 4:30 9- B- T^vradajra — Extra, trip
at .11:44 p. m.
5«t3r<Uy» — Extra, trip at 1 : 50 aad ll;3O p>. s>-
SO'DATS- a:0O. »:»», 11:00 a. m.: 1:S«.
5-50, S:OU. i:». 11:30 p. a.
SA3T aAJTAXIi TO SAJ r3JLTT CISCO.
V.EElv UATS— 4:08. 7:33, 7:10. »:20l 11 :U
a re.; 12 :W. 3:40. 3:00. 5:29 p. to.
f*'-^riays — Eitra trip at 2:00 and *:S3 p. m.
SUXDAIS-S:«O. »:*0. 11:13 a. m.; 1:4ft,
3:4O. 4:55. 6:06. 6:23 p. m. "
LcaT* I In E2eot I Arrive
Saa rraad«co.| Sept. 27. 1303. |Saa Fraadsoo.
Week j San- ( Destlsa- | 3un- I Week
Dayi. f <Iar»- I tloa. ] daya. ( Day».
TJOtl S:00a I 9:10 al H:40a j
19:30a Icnada. - 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p' 3:33 p «HB p «J0p
3:10 Pi S:OOp I:3S pi
7J0a ; 9:10a! S:40a
8rtX)a Norata. !lO:40a|10:20a
3:30? 9:30a Petaloaa 6:03pj8:20p
6:13 v 1:30 p aad 7:35 pi - i
ft :OO p Saata Roaa. | '¦'"-¦- I
7:SOa 10:40a!10^»a
8:OOa Fulton. 7:» p «:2Op
3 JO p a :3O p 1 I
Wlad«or, '
7:30 a S:00a Hsalisburr. 10:40 a 10:20 a j
Lytton.'
3:30 p 3:30p G-ys-rrill., 7:35 p 6:5) p
OoTerdala,
7:3Oa 8:O9*a Uocland 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 3:3Op and L*kla!i. 7:33 pi 8:20 p I
?:20at 8:00a! WlUlta. |7:33p|«:3Op i
7:20 ai S:0Oa! 110:4!) a!10:20 a i
3:3Op|3:30p| GuerceTlUe. | 7:33 p[ 6:C0 p :
7:80 a( S:0O a! icno&a! | 3:10 a| S:40a {
S:10p| 3:00 p| Clan Eliea. I «:C5 pi 6:20 p ;
7:3O»i £:uOa| !l»:4O a.lrt:2O a. \
3:9) Pi 3:3Op[ SebastopoL | 7:33 p| 1:20 p j
STAGES connect at Green Brae for Saa I
Queatia; at Saata Rcsa lor 'White Snlphur j
Sprisff*; at Fulton for Altruria tnd Mark West i
£prtr.«r«; at Lytton for Lyttaa Spring: at G«y- ;
«<rville for Ska res Springs: at Ooverdais for :
the G«rs«ra. Boonevtlle and Gre«nvcod: at '
Hop:asd fcr Duncan Sprtsrs. Highland Sprlnc». ;
K-Ury-i-Uit, Carlsbad Spring-*. Scca Bar. Lake- i
porx ind Bartlett Sprtnga; at ITkiab for Vichy ;
Springs. Saratofa Springs. B!o« Lak'i, Laurel j
Dell Lake, Witter Sprtrurs. Upper Lake. Pcino. i
Potter Vat>y. John Day's. Rlverslil«, LIerly*s. ;
Buck&ells. Sacbedrta Helchta. HullviUe. Orr"!
EM Sprtnsa, Halfway House. Comptch*. Camp i
Etevena. Hcpkina. Mendodao City. Fcrt Brajjr.
Weatport. CTaml: at WtUJts for Fort Brae*. |
¦Weatport. Sb«rwood. Cahto. Ccvelo. Lajrton- ,
Ttlle. Commlnra. BeU'a Sprtnrs. Harris, ul- .
sens. I>yer. Garberrtlle. P«"pperwo6d. Scotta !
asd Eureka. . :
gatsrday to Su=t!ay roca«S-trlp tickets at r«-
diiced ratea.
Oa Sunday roua<J-trl» tickets to all points i
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offices. 630 Market street. Cfaroalcl*
be" V.-z. " - -
H. C WH1TINO. R. X. RTAN.
Gen. l!ir.ai»r Oen. Pasa. Act-
;^^^^ ROSS VALLEY, '
j|||§|||s|f|| MILL VALLEY,
i^^^^S| CAZADERO, Etc.
'W%3&&i£&^k\ TU Saosalito P«rry.
Saturbaa Serrtce, 6Undari Gauj* Enectric —
Depart from San Francisco Dally 7:0O. 8:0O.
9 Cfl 10:0O, 11:00 a. ta.. 12:30. 1:42. 3:15. 4:13.
5-liV «:13. 7:00. 6:45. 10:20, 11:45 p. m.
FROM SAN* RAFAEL TO SAN* FRANCISCO
—Daily. 5:23. «^3, 7:4O. S^33. S-J3. ll:CS a-
n... 12:20. a:45. 2:53. 3:45. 4:45. 5:45, «:43.
S:43, 10:20 p. ra.
FROM MILL VALLET TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO— Daily. 3:43. «:£3. 7:52. «:53. »:43.
11:20 a- in.. 12:33. 2:00. 3:15. 4:05. 5:05, «:08.
7 -05, 9:00. 10:35 n. m.
THROUGH TRAIXS.
g:0O a. m. daOr — Cazadero and way etatlona.
8:13 p. m. week daya (Saturday excepted>— t
Tctnal*^ and wajr statlona. \
3:15 b. b. Saturdaraj — Cazaders asd way |
static es.
Euseay* only — 10 a. o^ Point Reyes acS
«-ay atatloea.
TICKET OFFICE— «2« Market st.
FERRT- Union Depot, foot of Market at. !
Mt. Tamalpais Railway 1
L«a*« Ik Siaa^Hs 1 mj Arrhrt I
a—yraadae» h*d MsrtataV Saa Fran dap \
W««k SSI fTP ¦ S«. Weei* j
Day*. J 4ay« g&fifSSB^ days Days.
•HHiMiooa tsS3l££3k r5ToftVf6T*Q
*1:4Sr »:OO» fjgr-jgSBtagaT l:Z3 r i:S9r
M»flO:OO* I:*Or 5:SOr
ll:OO*v \^fc^§T 4i5Or •:•«•
*w— sat wfla sfcfs tr 'MjamsaaTCIrr fcaa>
' tiait | ta MAaaarr ST,(Nortt Shore Railroad^ I
tlHLU I asMl S4OSMXTO FaaaT. 7oa« aaarkwt St |
visit DR. JORDAN'S qrcat2
OF AHATOHY^
0 Q& 15g¥ACTTTC.t«t.|;Ura.S.T.8*I. 6
\ Ef Tfc. Ur ( at Aaataailcat Uum U, Tb<- \
Q w «" :d - Wtafrimaa «r aay CMttractot A
7 9;gO (Ukim »«MI».Ij nrH ty lit 9ldot T
A &tft*l DR. JQHDAil— CISEASES OF ME» 4
\ f fijUf^B C»«i«!acoa t^n *sd ftifctly pr:T»!-. T
m I QVn Ttwmait p«nsaalir or br lener. A u
T I flr n ¦ r—* »• Ctw« is every aa» <ad«ni tea. T
/i r 7 5 Whttt>iMk.rwL«sopsiT»t4
V I I IT ¦isnUGi. MAiLas rxaav (Af
A U tr valaaMc (Mok for am) , \
V OR 1OUDA2I * CO.. 10H ICark-ctSt..S. T. 9
HOTELS AND RESORTS.
(New)DOTELBDTLER
SEATTLE.
REMODELED AXD REBUILT at «xp»=s«
ef $280.000— N«w Management— aTNTXRELT
FIREPROOF.
LOCATION — Verr aceesalBU ?• sti*«t ear
lines, theaters, etc EUHOFEAK PLAX.
223 ROOMS wttn LUXURIOUS BATHS —
Several private rooms is antique deeoratlonaL
TarkUa BaUia In Hotel.
UNSURPASSED RESTAURANT. D» 8U1-
**r. Chef, formerly of Waldorf-Astoria and
Chef to Prince of Wales.
HOTEL ORCHESTRA: Tel* sheet Connec-
tions to «"rery room: Ion« distance connections
made with anr part of tfca coast.
Wire fsr reaerratloes. at oor aspeaa*.
BUTLER HOTEL, Seattle.
Palace DONTTAILTO
i maw 9ch the hC9BtiSviX
1 COURT Lounsirjg
/Hill roo: % th * EMPIRE
OUU PARLOR, the
p^ « PALM ROOM, the
II ranU LOUIS XV PAR-
U1 U I1U LOR. and the LA.
U~l^~ DIES ' WRITINQ
DOtels zoom.
t - r
5 Week Commencing TfflS ilTEB- I
| NOON, March 27. •
1 FIVE MOWATS, j
f Ex3«rt Jvgg'.m. »
* Ths Brakemaa aad th« Tra=p. *
I cSKLEYaDdicBRIDE !
•J! . Cp-to-<!at» Cemedlaaa. f
I WESSwfwiLTERSand \
| WESSON, i
,, Ia Th»'.r gucc— iful rare*. "EOTZZ* 4
,1 ; lucpoeE." I
I r JA^E?irCULLENr i|
? -TH3J Txsxr ntoac ths wrar.- i
* QaaAnrg*gaJ rhnuiTTim aa* Buiatua*- T
I BILLY CLIFFORD, t
, Tba> Ttioalway Oappto. t
I BOATTINOaHd STEVENS !
• Thm Prima Z>«aa\ aad tia To* Saaev. •
? CBsraeadantad aad Arttatfe* Boeena 01 *
• ttt* Cal«brat«d Spaslaa AcU»aa *
? aad Paataaiz&lJt, *
\ LA BELLE 6UEHRER0, :
* Ia Htr Faatemlr&to Sxeteh, *"1'HX *
t ROSS AND THE t>AGO±R." *
* Retmlar MattBem Bnjy w«j a «(*tr. *
? Tharartay. Batsrday aad Svadar *
* Prlc«*>— 10e. 23c aad BOc ?
UNION
COUDSING
T\ A TWA-
PARK
9. JT. aim iiiVT. ................... XsAaTw
jas. 7. ax&cs sisvpa
TO-DAY, SUNDAY, MAR. 27th
HIGH CLASS
Reserve_Stake
Sixty -Four Nominations
I TOTAL Cmnn TOTAL
PuasE mi
TRXBt BSSTXCB:
L««Te« TMrl tad Tov&M&d itTMtaV 19:11
a. a. aad 1 > ol: T»tst7-2rti aad Va!aasl*
¦tr««ta Or* miast*a later. JUtsrofag after ti»
last mu. a*. 8u T «»* •; tctrla ear* armrx Ibbv
alaatca darta* tha> day.
XX ?RE?ABATIOX.
Brand national Champion Stakes.
INGLESIDE
COURSING
PARK
9 6- DOG
OPEN STAKE.
SUNDAY, MARCH 27th
Coorsiss "Win Ee»ia Fromptly at II a. m.
TOTAL PRIZES r-: : $1000
All Mteaicn-struet car* transfer 6> Ooerrcro
ears, winch go d!rec)yto the Park.
THOiTAS TIERVET. Jods*.
EDWARD SHOP.TSTAG. Slipper.
jtlSCELlAJIEOTJS AMC"SS3CBNTa.
SAN FHANCfSGQ
BY AUT0M0E11-.
CALL
XO3ZSVS CARRIAGE CO.
GOLDEN GATE AVE. aad COUGH ST.
Pben* Private Exchange TTQl
Sewntawn OfSees— Coon PaXae*) —tat;
l«obby St. FraacU HottL /
ADVEBTISEMEUTS.
EAH.WAY TBAVSI*, H
CALIFORNIA I ,
LIMITED TO CHICACO | '
LEAVES DAILY §
at 5) :rt O a. za. throoxh la ZK £*ys. ¦ *
¦c-tti £12. tx aad an travoiaars. f
; , Otitr Sast» Tt Tra!aa: «
2s t" 2" 1 !cr St**t«*. Fre»a«. BalteraaeKl.
'•¦oSpIalj Mmw*. Ilaa'crt aad.Viaalia.
4*00 p. ia. izr Stocktaa.
C .Od pu — . 'cr Kirai City. Graad Canyoe aad
Oscars.
TZCZ.XZ OFT2CES— 641 aCarkrt St. «ad
fear Sc?ct. S. F. AI.o 1112 Bxotkd-
. wi7. Oakland, Cai. 37 Soctti Tixwt St_
Saa Jos a. .
I f. sufissT |4l Trtl«il«iTi»adin
-I |A ceoa* * »- «-s~* •» !
. IV iciutp ,' . I doe ta arrive at
• \Q*vj==S/ / l^y >A?t WKASCitcn.
• N^ g- \ % / • Ma'a Unr. Ft-t D-jok
t»>r t - fmiTim^n :MaW. — »»*:ti
" iCC* "V»c»t:.>. VK":n>f.. tiu.uaef 7 50'
7£Ca -E-JC.1-'*, Sat«cn. Elm maaJ Sarra-
¦nn 7.M?
730a t»:;»;o. >»-«. c«:uto«i«_ saoia
U->-». Mur.in^i, 1<j tanio* tZO"
S:acxrna .._ 7.28*
•43* .-.-»«-» £iprea»— iV-:» lUrta>. .
WTUwn* (far Bartl*U S?r:nc«».
v. ¦»¦» -- . .> i.ed UlsC
PortlaaH. Ta<?"'.ia. S«-«tUt 7-50*
(46* D«Ta.Woo«i:»r.<l. K.n!?fcuL*a<l'aj.
MaryiTLie. OrtwUle 7-3BI-
liC* Port Co«ra. Kartiiifr_ *rtl<>ea.
EvToa. frwey. 6i.-M.ktoo. \>w-
y«». Lo« :¦«=-». 11 e = - w* • v
A"= =* : i»a- .- ; VltaHa.
PoTtrrTi::* - 4.70»
f 5Ca Por;Co«ta. «*nta«i. Tracy. La:&-
rsp. Jlodesto. M«tc«?<L rrttaa.
• • ¦*.-,--. Jascttoa. HtBtDri
V:««t!». Paitenfleld 4 50*
t-IC> V..-» E*n -¦¦•-. LJvcrmore. Stork-
tan. -y.\: c lonr. S*cr»m«nta.
P"»cr-»1Ue. HaJT'lile. Calc*.
Retf B:o<T _ 4.20-
( ;;» O«»- ¦-» - Ch:a«««. J».r.«*u;»a. So-
aora. Tuolnaite aad Aajfli 4 20r '•
9 CC» AUantie Kxjre»— Orde»i«4 E«*:. 11.20*
S 2C ITTi Tl iliiiaT, sU-t.a-i and Wiy i
gt«:?oi>» 8-50'
•5 ;;, Tft« O*»rtaad Lhnttrt — fyiea. !
DenTer. Omx&a, Cbieaxi. S20p
IC^a* VaT.eJo. 12.23' 1
¦ ; - : * Loa Aer»!»« Paa«wn»-CT — Port
Coata, Mart'.nez. Dr^oa. Tr»ey.
L- ;--- Stockton. M«rce<t.
!.*;= c J . r'r-tou. <>v«-*s J::-c-
rxa. Ha«for«. Lcaoor«. Vlialla.
B*tm;»ld. Im Abc«!'« ? 20*
*1£Cr •acransnite Elrer 6team»r«_ '11.3-''
J ZZ' BesSda. Wlatara. Sacraaeats.
w • »-<:. £.ti:ii.'* Laadlsc.
MarraTllJe, Or»vllla aad war
atattcea ... 19. SC*
•-JC* Eaywar^jrnea and Way Statlona.. 7^0r
3^3^ i'or; Ceata. MarUaex. Bjrwa.
Tracr. Laiirwp, Modesto.
U"'9<.. Trrno aad Way 6ta-
doai B«read Port Ccata..... .„ 12-20r
SZ2r l!«rtia*x. Traey. Stoekroa. Lodl... 10 20*
.«CflP lT»rt':»i.Sisl«s:'R.Vt;>;«,Sj;».
C».:«;cg». situ Ii^«» ... 9 29*
4 C3» SI1«. Tracr. Eiockioa. L«<U 4-IOr I
4 50r BaywartL Vllea. Irrlartoa. Saa » *l.50»
Joae. UT«ra«r« 1:il.5S«
fCSr Tha O»; Halted— 5e»m«a. Lo« :
Baaoi. Mrarfuta, freiao, Ta'.ire.
B»»;r« I e ; :. Loa A =g-.»i.
- 6c--i»a :;»:« l.:.--i-.:»i Slecpes. ,
' - OakUasd to I. :• A c;t >«. for la*
eara. »U C. O. I. as F 130*
t-CSr Port Coata. Trmcy. Ptocktaa .„„_ 12-23*
-£ 33p Hifwin Kt'.aa aad Saa Joa« 7.23a
t-CCr HajTrart. ITHes and Sja Joae....... 9 i0»
CCSp Lu-»rj Ezsreaa — OiV- D«nT«r,
t-iiiv it. Loci*. otUca^s «»d
. r*f-.. Port Coata. Bealcia. Sol-
• ii. Elszlra, D»»'», Sacraae&ia«
B«cklta. Aabara. Colfsr.
¦ '.-:-«--. 3oea. R«ao. Wada-
vcnl Wliiimicc* .^...^ 5 23*
• CS* Tallejo. £.m11t. -xcrpt 6a=iA» I . - ._
7C0r TsU«K Saa<lay ocIt f '-»"'
7 CCf tUcascud. Saa Pablo. Port Coata.
Maxt:a«z a=d War Stadoea 11.23*
C CEp Orefca * Ca!'"ora:a Rip"»«« — 6ae>
r*iB«a£o, »Ar»«T'.::». E««&at,
PerUaad, Poftt Soaad asd East. 8-60*
t.itr B»ywaro, SUea aad&aa Je«e(Saa-
4aroa;r> 11^0*
COAST LINE »>»rr«w u»a««>.
tr»ot vf Market Strggt.)
a.1«A Vrwmrk! Cantenrllle. s«a Jo««.
FcUea. Bo«:aer Creek. Saata
Croz asd Way Station*.. ........ US'
?J Mr 5»»t't C«BterTii:e. c*a Jet-.
5ew Alsadea. Loa Qatn*.Fe:toa,
B«slder LT'tk. Saau Cra* aad
Pr^e!;at Waj StaUoit *T3 55»
«.t|r Se-wark. Saa Joae. LcaCatoa aad t *8.S5 »
— »»7 atauoma. — 1 110 55 a
t -ZSr Baatera Trafa. 6acardaf os't. Paa
Joae aa« Way StaMona. R«tnra-
tac from Vo* Gate* 5oa<»»ealy 17 28*
~ OAKLA.ND HARBOR FERRY.
FrcaSA^ >BA>C!SCU.fout»r Market St. (Sliaii
-t7:a •«» 11:00 aji. 1X0 3 CO 615 r*
Irts OASLLA.VU. Foot of CroaCwar — t«:<M 9:9
*«:C5 to-.0BA.Jt. 1ZC3 2 CO 4-CaP.M.
: COAST LI N E <Uraa4 b«.«e V
, t3r~<Talrt aa<t Toira»ead Streeta.)
1 ¥35?
?CCa Ha Jete til T:«f Su-Jim •38*
•Xfl* Jff ? Alaadea (Tae«^ rrid, «nTy), «.1Bp
• C2a TbeCcaater — StopaodySu Jotu,
- -. . Gllrcy (wsaectlcn fsr EoiHa.
ter). Pajaro. Caitrorllle (coa-
a«ctlo» ta aad from Mosterey
aaa Pactae GroT-e). SaBaaa. Saa
tLTiii. Paao Boblea. Eaata Uar-
• -" gartta, Saa Lola Obtain, prtaclpal
ataxloaa tilesce 8 art (cocsecttoa
(cr Lonpoc;. preset pat •:*.:;<> ai
. ' . t&e&etSaauBarbara.SsaKtteav
veatsra, Saarss. Lot Antelrs... 13«5»
t.CC* tea Joae. Tr»i Ptaoa. Capttola. ¦
eaataCrax.PaciarGr«Te.SaIlBaa.
S«n I.nia ublapo ta4 Prlact>«>
Way StatiOBa .„....„_ 4.19P
TS J0» fuJow aad Way Statioaa........ 1.23'
UM* lasta Clara, baa Joae. Loa Gatoa
aad tray Statioaa 7.38r
1 <8Cr Baa Joae aad Way Suttoat 8 36*
I CCr Del Moste Krpr»«» — Sasra C't'x.
' • ~ . . ¦'. eaa Joae. Del llaate-lloBterey.
- . factfle Grci ( .••raa«ct* at Sasta
? ; * Oara lor faata Cruz. I!->=;<ler
Crrrt and N«rrtj» G»:j:Pi>;«ti)
•t Gt.ror lur noillabrr. Traa
Plaoa. at Caatnvrt;ie for Sallaaa. 121'*
S£Ct Trt* Plaaa War Paaaeajrer 10 <S»
4 J2p Baa Jcae aad Way i^tatio&a tS-CS*
tSCOr Baa Joae. (rl* s«su Gin) Lo«
.!' Oatoa. »a- PrtactpaJ Way Su.
-¦ Uoaa <eierpt Scadar) r9X0*
t ISr tanJ*»»»a<!rr:ac!p*l'.TarS«at:oai (9 40*
lUr bsaaet Llir.ttrc.— U"-<l»a- A. Saa
Jdf. G!lr-i»-.-ai!n»».P«»>j Uo'ul'v
Eaa \.b'.% <>ti!ar>e. V'.au Baritara.
Lot Af*f>». Urmtat. Kl P««a
I-.r» Urlean*. $rw VorW. Cnn-
•ecu at Pajarn for Saata Cru
and at C««:r-^Tr> for Pacile
Cro*» aad Way Etatloea ........ 713 ¦
tC T£r fca.t M ateo.B«r»aford.B«imo»i.8*a
Cariea. Rrdvood. F«!r Oaka,
ilcala Park. Palo alto ...._ rS.«8«
C S8r e»e Jc*e am) W»t Stations. ........ g.5fi*
iSCr Palo Alts asd Wiy €;»t;oci. ...... 10. IE*
' Il.ittr buutaoaaFraaclsco. Mlllbrae. Bar-
Uasaa*. Saa Mateo. EelmonL
tea Carle «. Cedwood. Fair Oaks.
Mec.« Park, acd Pal« AUa...... S-45#
( ]ij{r Harfield. klosatala View. 6oaay-
t»>, Lavreacc Saata Clara asd
EaTjo-......- «-4**
? for Maraiait. P fer Aftcraoo*. m
•¦ Sesday cxecpted t Saaday oalr
¦ Catarda7 only,
t et««« ar all ttatfeaa oa Seaday.
• +~ Ob1» trate* atorpmr at VaJeada Sv ae«t»h»a!->.
*Tl0AJU.«^0A^»,U:«BAJi-I:au»n_«J0r ¦ a*
WeeHy Cal $1:00 DerYear
©
% ««k si
! FOR THIS WEEK!
2 aCATTZVO — lost received 1875 S
Z Rolls from Japan; all beautiful IS
5 carpet designs ; In red. green, blue- 2
* aad wood color*; linen warp; re- J
V versible. Sold In rolls of 20 and 9
© 40 yards only. Regular price, 25c, ©
0 30c and 35c. This ir __. .©
a week's special. per I VIA A ©
q yard laW/3ir
¦ © KXTCSE3T CZAXXS — The s 60a ©
! 9 kind; finished In Golden Oak; only %
i a 6 sold to a customer. .-_„ , O
I q While they last, each Xj^yf* Q
[© ~ •
Q We guarantee you a saving of %
: a 10 to 25 per cent on downtown 0
! S prices. Come and be convinced. q
1 1 Eastern OifittingGo. I
I 1320-1328 Stockton Street §
I • Near Broadway. ©
J © ©
# V,'» Furnish Houses Complete. 0
0 All Cars Lead to Our Store. 0
O Country Orders Solicited. 0
1 1, i i ii" ' — —^— — .
B»BaiBBBa,ia»aW,faBBBBB«aBWM«BBBBaiM«MB«»««««B.i
M ' .^BBbW > * > *^7 •*%. \^-__^ . •it B
[ EASTER j
I NOVELTY GARMENTS-:
| FASCINATING STYLES— ARTISTIG TAILORING g |!
[ MONEY-SAVING PRICES | ;!
a We are displaying now a superb collection of a !
fa newest styles : : : : : : -:' ¦ § !
I TAILOR SUITS, JACKETS, LONG COATS AND SKIRTS g
§ Our variety was never so large, styles were never | ;
g handsomer. We use better material and pay special g
m attention to the finish of our garments. As usual a
f PRICES LOWER THAN ANYWHERE f
a Novelty Etamine and Crepe Goth Suits, exquisitely trimmed, a !
S .perfect copies of imported grarments, at 5
I ...'.....$27.50, $32.50, $37.50 and $42.50 n
S Tailor CoitSf loose back, satin lined, assorted len^hs. made of 5
a fine Venetian Cheviot and Covert, at $(0, $12.50, $15 and $20 n
" Novelty Silk Blouses, lace trimmed, special $10 §
| Novelty Silk Coats, at... $1350. SI8.50 and $22.50 g
¦ White Coats, exclusive styles at $15, $25 and $35 a
s Etamine Skirts, trimmed, newest cut, black and navy with Silk B
S Drop Skirts, special $12.50 and $15 B
1 .j SPECIAL SUIT SALE STILL ON g
¦ $2a00 Suits on sale at $12.50 g
¦ $25.00 Suits on sale at... $15.00 !j
§ The greatest bargains of the year. v J
§ 1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET. ¦
BBBBBaaBBBBBBBBBBaBaBaaBBaBBaBaaBBBBaBBBaBBBB
ATn i i k v. m KTTTT3.
"mmfE^' : MmT^ ¦ 9 F >44af bT| If 'A
Bet-laalnr MONDAY. CYTD1 1
0 LAST WEEK CAlnA ! ATTRACTION.
The moat dellxb tlu t perf ormanca seen her* Jeginnlnc 1 D D 1 1 ' A
la yeara. MONDAT. Al HIl
A\ARY ¦ r Zlerf«!d Jr. Prtacsta
MANNERINQ ANNA
~ (Manaxet&ect Frank McKea.) J _., - /¦gBw^
In Vto IXtrlchateln'i n«w and «acc«»arful W__Pl -bI^^j M^ fl^
modern coctdy. H^"^! *\ M
H ARRIET'S i I I. | a II 1
rioNEYMNOON. * ML M^mA SL^ M^^
First Brofioctlon to many moooa «c«trla» tt » mo * t «WK«oaa cf an ear racccaaa*.
nnanlmotu preai approval. /(¦> . TV* • £**r*V T T-r
chrcSSi^ enc<rara^ iy -ttotate-- "MAM'SELLE
*"The real thine" — Examiner. -.''-, _^ -^ _ _ -^ _ _ -^ _
"Mis* Mannertn«'» portrayal ia charm trig."— IV A POI ¦ iiN^ "
••Dell«h«ui U^m l «l<lyr 3cored »r«at «uce»»a." A mnatcal clay to tear aeta.
— Poat. . HANDSOMEST CHORU8 DT THE tW»T.^
j _j, • _, . XncftiiJinx A2INA HJUXS A U MODE
Sunday. Arrll 3 — German perfonnanee. Ala- GIRLS -»««*•
m*S» Luat«<«l Ensemble In "DAS OFFER- »«,.-.„ n — « Z77'— ..
LAMM (TSe Scaperoat). Seats ready Monday. SEATS READY THURSDAY.
THJ3 WSZX OHXiT -
Bzorjnrzvo to-kobsov btxshto
JCATXtTBl! 8ATUXSAT
xs xznrBzx zbszvs t^avtV
h|EDDA I
. V GflBLER
PBXCES— 50c. 75e.SlX0.SlJ0, $3.00
NEXT WEEK — MRS. FISKE : Monday, Tuesday. Wednesday asd Tlrar»t!ay.
DIVORCONS an<f-A BIT OF OVD CHELfiEA: Friday. Saturday and Satta-Jay MaU-
nee, A DOLL'S HOCSE and»A BIT OF OLD CHELSEA.
SEATS TmUMPAT. ¦*rA-*rrK Zlrt ¦ ¦ ."'.'I,
CALIFORNIA
TO-3TZOHT ¦^ m^0mmm^^
TSS WOBLD'S '
Th«» .QVBATXST 1CASVZT&. -^m^^^- . \ «
m BBceaummaBmatmMmsumKmmsaM3^^^ **
I Talk _ _ _ _ . m Positive
of the J\ ly Fq J\ Sensation
Country 13* 1 V yi I Everywhere
If You Want C V/l Your Mind
to Know '/-"ESt J\ ."V An Open
Anything on «» 1^ jf\ I mm Book to
Earth 'Vbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbi Miss Fay-
Ask ,,See Her Unfold the OlVe Her
mi C.. Mysteries of the Mind to "£* " Cl
Miss ray s o m no l e n o y, a Chance
I/Vl A T I NE ES F^OR LADIES ONLYl
WEDNESDAY and SATURDAY I
NEXT SUNDAY— Biggest, Funniest Farce on the American 8tare
=mcFADDEN'S n JT.Tr
1 k '20Q Nights In New York.. iqq Xlgqta tn ChicagoCITY CHARGES QUARBEL.— Patrick Me-
Mahoa and Joseph jj Brennan, \ Inmates | of the
Almshouse, quarreled 'over a pair, of spectacles
yerterday . and . McMabon , (truck Brennan on
the head with u ' cane. , McMahon was »r
rested and charged with assault with a deadly
weapon, ¦ ',
A well-known Englishman has Just
returned from a trip into the jungles
of India after big. game. He had one
of the most expert guides in the world
with him. and one of the sportsman's
friends asked this guide how his em
ployer shot while on the trip. The guide
replied: "He shot divinely, but God was
very merciful to the animals."— New
York Tribune. N
Brahmin Politeness.
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND, March 26. — The fol
lowing marriage..' licenses were issued
by the County Clerk to-day: Edward
T. Mills, over 21, Oakland, and Ida
E. Coles, over 18, San Francisco; Wil
liam E. Cummings, 22, and Edith M.
Streeter, 21, both of Briggs,' Butte
County; Albert L. Wagenheim, over
21, San Francisco, and Mollle McGar
rey, over 18. Oakland ; Berthold Wer
der, 21, ¦'¦¦¦ Sacramento, and Maud v M.
Philipps, 19. Pasadena; Aaron Neu
mann, 31, San Francisco, and " Edna
HowelU 22, Berkeley; Harry Dumont,
26, and Eleanor' M.' Larkin, 22, both
of Alameda., " -
Meeting of Temperance Union.
SANTA CRUZ,' March 26. — The Tri-
County ;¦ Woman's ; CL. .stian Temper
ance Union 'will be in session in Santa
Cruz on April 19, 20, 21 and 22. .The
district comprises the counties of
Santa Cruz, Monterey and San Benito.
-Mr. and Mrs. -WendallC/ Thomas leave to
morrow on a trip to the large Kastern cities.
Mr. Thomas represents a large Kastern houre,
so the trip Is to be one of business and pleas
ure. They -intend taking In the World's Fair
on their return. - f ¦- ¦
At the regular ' meeting of the Wheelock
Club yesterday Mrs.. Gordon Stolp was the
hostess. Prizes ! were ' won , by Mrs. I Charles
Yale and Mrs. Stolp. •
Members of the Harmony Whist Club were
cuests yesterday of Mrs. Joseph H. Hunt at
the tatter's beautiful home, on Telegraph ave
nue The Wchest scores were made by Mrs.
Hunt and Mrs. Nalrne. Mrs. John T. Dllle
will entertain the club at its next meeting.
was one of the performers and did some very
clever tandem rldin«..
Peculiar glass in the windows of
the new $250,000 factory of the Elgin
National Watch Company at Elgin. 111.,
may lead to a strike which will in
volve 500 employes.
When the building was opened six
weeks ago it was found the windows
were of peculiar manufacture and
would admit light readily, but could
not be seen through. Because of the
glamor in the rooms the employes ob
jected when moved from the old build
ing. ' Foremen 1 advised them to wait
until a trial had been made and quiet
was then restored. Five weeks' test
has resulted in severe eye troubles,
and. it is said, severe headaches.
A mass-meeting was held and com
mittees appointed to flraft a resolution
for presentation to President Hulburd
and Superintendent Hunter.— Chicago
Tribune.
An Odd Cause for Striking.
OAKLAND. \March~ 26. — Several
hundred dollars' worth of silver plate,
which. was stolen on July 19, 1902,
from the residence of Socrates Huff,
president of the San Leandro Bank,
by Rosael Torres was discovered hid
den • in a thicket near San Leandro
Creek to-day by Vantls Huff master, a,
small boy residing with his parents in
San Leandro. The little fellow was
fishing in the creek, when he saw a
bright object protruding ( from the
ground and on digging it up brought
to light a silver mug. Further dig
ging resulted in the discovery of all
the plate stolen from the Huff resi
dence, and the boy at once returned
it to the owner. "
Shortly after the robbery Torres
was arrested in San Francisco in the
company of a young girl he had ab
ducted from Fruitvale and he was
convicted of the robbery on circum
stantial evidence and sentenced to
eleven years in San Quentin, but until
to-day no trace -was found of the" sto
len silver.
SMALL BOY DISCOVERS
PROCEEDS OF ROBBERY
In England leap year is supposed
to confer upon the fair sex the privi
lege of choosing life partners for bet
ter or for .worse, but the custom is
more honored in the breach than In
the observance. The gypsies, especial
ly in Hungary, enjoy and make a very
extensive use of the right at all times.
In accordance w.ith an ancient custom.
Thus a marriageable young gypsy girl
in the land of the Magyars, as soon
as her heart is smitten, takes good
care that the smiter shall hear of the
havoc he has wrought and have a
chance of consoling her. With this
praiseworthy object in view, she has
a love letter indited, places a coin in
a piece of dough, bakes it and throws
the billet-doux during the night into
Jhe bedchamber of her bridegroom
elect. Then, she possesses her soul in
patience and awaits developments.
The Burmese maiden begins her mar
riage campaign at a much earlier
stage. In order to get together a
goodly gathering of young men from
whom to choose, she places a lamp
in her window at night—^lt is known
as the "lamp 'of love^ — and entices
all ' those youths who are candidates
for the order. of benedict. In sunny
Andalusia the peasant girl whose
heart has been stolen by tha stalwart
young husbandman prepares a tasty
pumpkin- cake and sends it to his
home. If he eat3 it — and the Anda
lusian girls take good care to make
it highly edible — the pair are forth
'. with betrothed.— -London Telegraph.
Lessons for Leap Year.
The Yalu River, a picturesque
stream, some 300 miles in lensth, is
the dividing line between Korea and
Manchuria on the northwest frontier.
It is navigable by native craft as fnr
es Phlnkuihuo, but steamers are un
able to proceed beyond Antung, the
port to which the Russians are now
devoting considerable attention. Some
miles below Antung, but situated In
the same bank and lying close within
th» estuary of the river, is the port of
Tatungkao. where, when the weather
permits*. cargoeR for Antung are some
times discharged. Tatungkao, how
ever, is difficult to approach, and. as a
general rule steamers unload and re
ceive their cargoes at Antung, a port
of great promise in the near future.
The estuary of the Yalu River is
broad, but the anchorage of Tatung
kao fa exposed to the northeast winds.
T.hich at times blow with great force.
The ftream has a rapid current, and,
owing to the presence of innumerable
Fhoals and sand banks, presents se
rious obstacles to successful naviga
tion. Islands, both small and large,
appear in its course, and high hills,
cov?n?d with bush and timber, break
away from the banks.
From early December until the end
•of February the stream is frozen. Un
til lately the region of the Yalu was
ohnost an unknown land, but with the
advent of the Russians many changes
In the character of the district have
taken place. On the Korean shore
lumber ramps have been formed,
while at Tatungkao and Antung pros
perous native settlements have
sprung into existence. The river
teems with native craft, which ply be
tween the mouth and the higher
reaches, while logs of timber, chained
the one to the. other, float leisurely
down the ftream.
The view at the estuary «.: the river
Is, perhaps, not very prepossessing. A
long vista of mud fiats extends mile
upon mile along the river bank, but
u silent and rapid transformation has
been effected within the last few
months, the great possibilities of the
Yalu Valley for commercial develop
ment attracting alike foreign and na
tive capital.
lias Possibilities for Commerce, but
1« Difficult to Navi
gate.
THE YALU RIVER
KOREAN BOUNDARY
OAKLAND, March 26. — President
David Starr Jordan of Stanford Uni
versity will addre^sf the members of
the local Y. M. C. A. at 3 o'clock to
morrow afternoon /on the subject of
"The Full Heart.'^ This will be the
first of a series of lectures by President
Jordan. Music will be furnished by
the association orchestra and male
quartet.
President Jordan Will speak.
,1828— A return has been printed, by
order of the House of Commons of the
quantities of grain of all kinds deliv
ered the warehouses for home
consumption for every : month from
January. 1, 1827, to January 5, 182S.
The -following is the result of the
.whole year; Barley, 239,472 quarters;
beans, 87, 8i8; Indian corn, 26,619;
oats, 349,559; peaS. 1 21,841; rye, 14,
307;-wheat, 516,965; making, a total
of 1,256,584 quarters. The quantity
of all . kinds remaining in warehouses
on January 5 last was 306,157^quar
ters.—London Globe.
1808 — A numerous and respectable
meeting of the merchants and other
inhabitants of Liverpool, interested in
the trade of America, was held on
Friday, in that town, in pursuance of
a requisition for, that purpose, when
the late Orders In Council were taken
into consideration. Mr. Rathbone, in
a long and able speech, detailed the
various advantages this' country de
rived from the American' trade, in the
course of which, he stated, that nearly
flye hundred voyages are made from
'America to England alone in the
course of a year, in ships, the, burden
of which amounted to more than 123,
000 tons; that the amount of British
manufactures annually exported to
American was more than £10,000,000;
that the Government derived from thte
Liverpool portion of the trade alone
not less than £1,000,000 a year, and
that the average debt due from Amer
ica to this country Is not less than
£12,000,000, the payment of which is
now interrupted by the embargo in the
American ports. Mr. Rathbone next
took a view of the American trade to
the West Indies, and stated the de
pendence, of those islands on America
for provisions. He then adverted to
the trade of America to the East
Indies and China, the export to each
Of £500,000 annually in silver only,
and the facility which this was ad
mitted to give to the trade of our
East India Company. Mr. Rathbone
concluded by lamenting the interrup
tion of all these sources of revenue,
and with exposing the mischievous ef
fects of the late Orders in Council. He
was followed by Mr. Richardson, Mr.
Martin and the chairman, Mr. J. Crop
per; the last of . whom added that the
supply of flaxseed to Ireland this year
was only 10,000? casks, whereas the
usual annual supply was about 60,000.
Two petitions' against these Orders,
one to the Lords, and the other to the
Commons, were then read and unani
mously agreed to. '
Some Extracts from the London Globe
of February 29, 1808 and
1828.
London Society Finds It in die Devil-
Fish From Mexico.
Strange are the pets that London
fashion compels its followers to keep,
and various as they' are strange. A
new Cuban poodle was the rage a few
months back. A special canary fol
lows. Now it is a flsh again, and the
strangest of fish at that. The goldfish
'will have to look to its laurels, other
wise it will most certainly be super
seded in popularity by the devilfish, a
most quaint looking reptile, for which,
a leading dealer states, there have been
Innumerable demands of late.
The real home of this fish is Mexico,
and owing to Its being somewhat rare
the cost of a devilfish Is considerably
higher than that of the goldfish, x whlch
can be bought for a few pence, whi^f
the price of its rival varies from-iiVe
to ten shillings. A curious character-;
istic of the devilfish is that it almost
Invariably remains at the bottom of its
bowl or tank, and* it is most unusual
to see It swimming about. Unlike its
golden-scaled relation, it does not de
mand a frequent change of water in
its home, but will live quite well in the
same water for weeks together, while
Its taste in the matter of food is not
hard to please, for a devilfish likes
nothing better than a very small worm.
As a general rule London dealers sell
these flsh by pairs.— London Mail. ..
NEW AND QUEER PET
FOR FASHIONABLES
EVENTS AND DOINGS
OF A CENTURY BACK
ALAMEDA, March 26. — Hugo
Schlam, a musician, is being detained
st his home on Broadway and Ches
ter street under the care of two phy
sicians. He is mentally deranged and
the doctors are awaiting developments
before they decide whether the patient
\rlrl be turned over to the Lunacy
Commission for examination. Schlam
is said to have worried over financial
reverses. He is 25 years of age,
married and came here recently from
Xetv York.
Musician Becomes Deranged.
.Charles M. Sadler and daughter. Mirs . May
Sadler, and the Van Sicklens of Alameda were
also among the spectators. Miss Van Slcklen
Among those who visited 'the horse show
last night from thin side of the bay was a
party consisting of Mr. and Mrs. Gilbert Cur
t'r?. Mr. and Mrs. . Lawson Adams, Mr. and
Mrs. WiilUm Larusenour of -. Woodland and
Mr. and Mr*. M. J. Laymance.
For directors — Mrs. James B. Hume, Mrs C.
W. Klnw. Mr*. S. J. Taylor. Miss Eva
Powell. Mlsn Jennie Hill. ¦ Mr*. Z. T. Gllpln
Mrs. Ralph W. Klnney. Mrs. George M. Shaw,
Mrs.S. W. Chubbuck.
Membership committee— Mn. Edward Booth
Mrs. Oorce H. Collln*. Mr*. T. G. Harrison!
Mrs. W. O. Palmanteer, Mrs. George Rodolplr
At a o" clock on the same afternoon Marslrtfi
Darrach. the noted Shakespearean reader, will
civ* readings from the "Merchant of Venice."
• • •¦--.
Following is the regular ticket to be voted on
Next Tuesday the annual election of offi
cers of Ebell takes place, and in addition an
other very Important question will be settled
by vote — the question of a building site. Th«
long list of desirable locations has finally been
simmered down to five and one of these five
will be chosen next TueEday. The special com*
mlttee on the building eite has recommended
the purchase of a lot at the corner of Webnter
and Merrlmac streets, the property of Mrs.
Archie Borland. The let- is 100 feet square
and can be purchased for $5500. The other
clte3 under consideration are : Northeast cor
ner Boule\ - ard terrace and Webster street, 100
xl25, price $9000; northwest corner Telegraph
avenue and Charter street, 73x100. price S7500
northwest corner Telegraph avenue and Twen
ty-fourth street. 100x100. price (SOOO: east side
of Harrison street, near Fourteenth. 62x150.
price J73J.0. .
As each site has many advocates the question
to be decided next Tuesday it causing more
than the usual interest to be manifested in
the coming election.
M!s« Wllron was the hostess to-day at a
charming affair given In honor of Miss Mae
BurUge at the Mill«r home on Boulevard ter
race. About fifty guests enjoyed several gam»s
of flve hundred, the hostess being assisted In
entertaining by Miss Burdge, Miss Mary Dar
ker. Mrs. William Colby. Miss Beatrice Vroo
man. Mlt>s Emma Knight. Mrs. Charles Ro
dolph. Miss G-orgle Strong, Mlns Marlon Ever
eon, Mrs. Cleveland Forbes. Miss Elsie Ever
son. Mrs. E. J. Nicholson. Mrs. Robert Foster
M!fs Marion Smith and Miss Ethel Olney '
The invited guests were Miss Edith Gaskill
Miss Grace Pperry. Ml?ses Kaowles, Mi«s
Nightingale, Mlxs Marlon Goodfellow, Mrs
George Rodolph. Mrs. Robert Fitzgerald Miss
Bessie Palmer, Mips Bate*. Mrs. William H
Morrison. Miss Carolyn Oliver. Miss Evelyn
Ellis. Miss Violet Whitney. Miss Minnie Kay
Wilcon, Mrs. Francis Musser, Mrs. John
¦Hampton Lynch, Mi*s Mona Crellin. Ml«5ea
WIlcox. Miss Gertrude Carlton, Mr*. Bf-rnard
Ranscme. MIes Florence White, Mrn. Von Ade
lung, Mrs. Louis Bartlett. Miss Ethel Moore
Miss Grace Ranborn, Mrs. William Prinele'
Mrs. Walter Hart. Miss Ruth Wilder and Ml*s
Ray Wellroan. v -.J: •:-•:.>•
The invited mipsts were: Dr. and Mrs J
C. S. Akerly. Mr. and Mrs. Everett Ames,
Mr. and Mrs. C. A. Bacheldor. Mr. and Mrs.
Dan Belden Mr. and Mrs. Louis Blown of
AlameCa. Mr. and Mrs. Oeorr* Borciemann,
Mr. and Mrs. E. J. Boyes. Mr. and Mrs." Er
nest X3cye«. Mr. and Mrs. Lee Cole Burnham,
Mr. and Mm. XV. G. Cooke, Mr. and Mrs.
Frederick C. Cllft. Mr. and Mrs. Georre de
Golla, Mr. and Mrs. Edward Enirs. Mr. and
Mrs. W. B. Gage of San Francisco, Mr. and
Mr». G*orc* E. Gross. Mr. and Mrs. J. C
Hampton, Mr. and Mrs. Wickham Havens ,
Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Medros. Mr. and Mm. A.
P. Leach, Mr. and Mrs. A. A. Long. Mr and
Mrs. Charles Lovell. Mr. and Mrs. Seth Mann,
Mr. and Mrs. Shelby Martin, Mr. and Mrs
Henry Rosenfeld of San Francisco, Mr. and Mm
F. w: Morse, Mr. and Mrs. J. Loran Pease Mr
and Mr». D. A. Proctor, Mr. and Mrs. Feltoii
Taylor. Mr. and Mrs. Chuyhtll Taylor. Mr.
and Mrs. George H. Tysorr of Alarm da Mr
and Mrs. James Tyson. Mr. and Mr*. Frank
C. Watson. Mr. and Mm. Hugh M. Webster,
Mr. and Mrs. Willard Williamson Mrs. Louise
Allender. Mrs. Edythe Chlsholm. Miss Hattie
Carrier and Miss Sally Field of San Fran
cisco, Mls« Ida Lackey. Miss Ena Lang
worthy. Mirs Edith Manning of San Francisco
Miss Carrie Nicholson. Miss Belle Ntcholnon
Miss Florence Stewart. Ml.«« Eleanor Lan
dert. Mliis Lulette Mauvals and Messrs Wil
liam liabe and Walter Hale of San Francisco
Fred Henkenlns of Alameda Dr. H j'
Lackey, Ralph I-nngwortby. Louis Rosenfeld!
Charles Smith. Morton Tuft and Robert
Bain Jr. • ,
The Mauvals home is admirably arranged
for entertaining ana a profusion of sprlns
blosscxB and foliage added much to the gen
eral cosiness and plcturesqueness of the seen*.
Several very "stunnine" gowns were worn
by the ladira present, the hostess herself look
ing- very charmlnc in a pale blue crepe de
chiffon. Mrs. Mauvals was assisted In receiv
ing her jroesu by Mr*. Frank C. Watson, in
a beautiful violet gown; Mrs. A. P. Leach,
Mrs. A. A. Lonx: Mrs. Jatms Tyson. In a
blatk lace glittering with spangles; Mrs. John
Clay HamDton. In white; Mn. A, A. Long.
Mrs. Henry RosenfHd. Mrs. Edythe Chlsholm
and Miss Sally Field. Mlssea Kieanor Lan
ders and Miss Lulette Mauvals assisted in
scoring for the games. '
OAKLAND. March 2C. — The "house-warm
ing" rvception eiven thin evening by Mr. and
Mrs. Hoy Yauvais was a brilliant affair, the
pretty new colonial residence on Oak street
resounding with the pleasant sound of merry
makir.jr until a late hour. Cards were th'
order of the cvenlnjr. flve hundred being the
favored curnr.
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
tunately for Professor Slate this did
not happen. He was in the company
of a physician, who was able to give
him instant medical treatment. It
was found that the glass had pene
trated the eyeball, through the lid,
which it lacerated greatly.
The surgeons removed several small
particles of glass from the eyeball and
several stitches were taken in the eye
lid. Upon the success of the opera
tion depends the sight of the injured
eye. " -. -. ¦ ,-.,.¦¦- . ; si r v
The accident occurred Just after
Professor Slate left the club, where he
had been spending the evening. He
failed to see a curbing that skirts the
front of the buildingand tripped over
it, with the result stated.
BERKELEY. March 26. — As the re
sult of ah accident in San. Francisco
Thursday night Professor Frederick
Slate, professor of physics and dean of
the College of Natural Sciences at the
University of California, underwent an
operation at St. Luke's Hospftal yes
terday, the purpose being to save, if
possible, the sight of one eye, which
is endangered.
Professor Slate slipped and fell
after leaving the University Club and
in striking the pavement his spectacles
were broken, some of the glass enter
ing the eye and cutting it severely.
At first it was thought that the glass
had gone into both eyes, but for-
The war in East Asia is preferable
to our old friend the war cloud in the
Balkans in one respect, namely, of th»
names It involves. Turkish names
were not particuarly bad, nor Ruman
ian, but those of the other lands and
peoples involved -were literalry un
speakable. For what mere Anglo-
Saxon tongue can do Justice to a name
which written displays one vowel and
sixteen consonants, and spoken resem
bles nothing' so much as three coughs
and a sneeze? In East Asia there 13.
of course, some incursion of Russian
barbarities of speech. But so far as
Japan, Korea and China are con
cerned, all is pretty easy writing and
speaking. Short names, abounding in
melodious vowels and liquid conso
nants, make the local nomenclature a
thing of beauty and a joy.
In so far as the names in question
are at all perplexing 1 , the circum
stance is due to outside perversity.
The variorum editions ef some of the
simplest and most musical names are
little short of distracting to even the
most philosophic mind. The seesaw
of "Corea" and "Korea" we can en
dure,, through long habituation. But
what shall be said of the. name of the
capital of that country? "We were
brought up to write it "Seoul." But
some of our neighbors persist in spell
ing It "Seul." Others aver that "Soul"
is the only proper form. Still others
are satisfied with nothing but "Sul."
And now here comes an estimable au
thority with the assurance that we
shall not know salvation unless we
write It "Seyool." In such case, what
are we to do? Call it "Constanti
nople" and go on to the next word?
Well, the next Is Manchuria, What!
Oh, "well, "Manchoorla," If you please;
or "Manchouria," if you prefer; or
"Mantchuria," if you like that better;
or "Mantchooria." if you insist upon
it; or "Mantchouria," If you won't be
happy until you get it- All six forms
are in use, and, for all we know, half
a dozen 'more. Then there is Mouk
den. There are those who regard with
pity those who know not "Mukden."
and also those who are prepared to
maintain "Mookden" against all the^
world. Nor does the Amoor escape.*
Some insist that It Is the "Amour,"
while others with equal confidence
proclaim It the "Amur." Of course,
too, there is the Yalu. or Yaloo; and
also the Sungarl, or Soongari; like
: wise Chefoo, or Chifoo, or Chefu, or
Chifu; not to mention Tokio, or
Tokyo, and Fusan. or Foo-San, and—
but that way. madness lies.
It Is probably useless to protest
against such vagaries. There is no
positive authority upon these names.
since the Chinese and Japanese origi
nals are not spelled with letters, but
are expressed with ideographs. Each
man will insist on interpreting them
as he pleases; and our elastic lan
guage makes it possible to express the
same sound. with "oo," or "ou." or
long "u." Where, however, such pos
sibility of diversity exists, with sub
stantial indifference among the va
rious forms, it is a great pity that
uniformity cannot be agreed upon ami
stuck to. When the world has for
many years been accustomed to write
"Seoul." and "Soul," and "Sul" and
"Seyool?" Granted that these also
j express the game identical sound with
j equal exactness, they do it no better
. than the old form did and does; and
i there is no use in discarding an old
and familiar thing for a new an1
¦ strange one, unless something ia to
j be gained by the change. — New York
Tribune. .
Spelling: and Pronunciation of
Places In the Far
East.
! PKOF. FREDERICK SLATE OF THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA,' WHOSE
I SIGHT MAY BE SKRIOUSLY IMPAIRED AS THE RESULT OF AN ACCIDENT
THAT BEFELL HIM IX THIS CITY THURSDAY NIGHT.
TROUBLESOME NAMES
AT SEAT OF WAR
President Wheeler and the deans of the col
legrts united last week in sending an address
to President Charles \V. Eliot of Harvard Uni
versity on the occasion of his seventieth birth
day, which occurred on March 20.
Dr. Sidney Dean Townley, for several years
instructor in astronomy at the university and
at present of the International Latitude Ob
servatory at tTkiah, will deliver two lectures
before Professor Leusehner's class In modern
astronomy some time during April. The titles
of the lectures will be "Explanation of the
Several Classes of Variable Stars," and "The
General Relations of Variable Star Phe
nomena." • ¦»
The examination of candidates for the first
California Rhodes Scholarship will begin on
April 13 and continue on following days. 9rom
among those wbo shall pass this examination
will be selected by the president the one who
Is to receive the scholarship. Th,e candidates
.will be asked to assemble at 9 o'clock on the
morning of April 13 at a place to be announced
later.
i The topics of the lectures to be given In
Hearst Hall on Wednesday and Thursday
afternoons, March 30 and 31, by Professor
Eduard Meyer of Germany will be. respectively,
"Individualism in Ancient History" and
"Socrates." The lectures will be open to the
public.
BERKELEY. March 26.— The university will
be represented In the intercollegiate debate
against Stanford by three men who have
helped to uphold the honor of their alma mater
on other occasions. Max Thelen has won a
Carnot medal, a. Bonnheim prize and defended
the university In three Intercollegiate debates.
Joseph P. Lucey carried oft! the last Carnot
medal and Robert I* McWilliams has been an
alternate on a Carnot team and a Bonnheim
debater. Emile C. Nathan, the alternate, is a
Junior who has competed in a number of de
bates at the university. The. question discussed
by the debaters in the final debate last night
was "Resolved, That the executive and ap
pointive cowers In cities having a population
of 40,000 or more should be concentrated In
the Mayor."
The Intercollegiate debating . committee haa
selected the following well-known men to act
as judges at the California and Stanford de
bate, on April IS: United States Circuit
Judse XV. W. Morrow. State Supreme Court
Justice Luelen Shaw and Supreme Court Com
missioner J. A. Cooper. --,
After the close of the flower show
the flowers were given to various lo
cal churches.
The members of the committee were
MSn'F. J. de Wolf, chairman; Miss J.
K. Burrall, Miss C. J. Giamboni, Mrs.
•F. C. Preble. Miss M. Moore, Miss
Margaret Fortier, Miss E. M. Sher
man, Miss Montgomery, Miss Margaret
Bradley, Miss Carolyn Reed, Miss
Sally Hampton, Mrs. Van Duyne. Miss
White. Miss Storrie, Miss Julia Smith,
Miss Vandergaw, Miss Pierce and Miss
Wythe.
OAKLAND, March 26.— A beautiful
collection of wild flowers gathered in
and about Oakland was exhibited to
day in the children's room of the
Oakland Free Library, about sixty va
rieties in all being on exhibition,
nearly all of which came from the
canyons and hills In Oakland and
Berkeley.
The flower show was the idea of
Librarian Greene and the flowers were
secured and arranged by a committee
of public school teachers of Oakland.
Oakland Exhibited in the Chil
dren's Room;
Sixty Varieties Gathered in and About
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
WILD FLOWKR SHOW
AT FREE LIBRARY
Colonel, G. W. I^angan: lieutenant colon»l,
Charles L. PU-rce; major. W. J. Qulgley; quar
termaster. Comrade Walling; of fleer of the day,
D. H. Hawkins; officer of the guard. Comrade
Ellsworth.
The following officers were elected
last night by the Republican Army and
Xavy League to serve for the ensuing
term:
Judpe Henry A. Melvin. George Pierce, John
G. Buswell. Ezra W. Decoto. C. A. James. XV.
H. Cohlck. William Hunter, J. J. Edgar.
Jam's Mo:r. James Putallo, J. P. Cook, J. M.
Satin Jr.. F. H. Garcia, C. G. Dodge, John B.
Gray. C. H. Daly, A. M. WJckland, L. S.
Fraser. Frank R. Thompson, George lngra
ham. V. M. Green, Leon B. Goldberg. Maurice
E. Geary. Henry J. Derby. Fred Seulbergf r,
J. M. Colffett. O. A. Deasy. B. H. GrifHth. C.
E. Wll«>n. A. E. Rose. William R. Geary,
W. A. Donaldson. Stanley Moore and C. E.
Kinr.ard.
Among the speakers last night were
Executive— Hon. Henry A. Melvin C. H.
Daly. Hugh Hocan E. R. Ella«9pn. R*v. Hugh
W. Fraw. Ezra Decoto, John P. Cock, Dr.
J. M. Stalder. Dr Paul Lanz W. R. Geary,
C. G. Dodge C A. James George II. Mason.
E. M. Hall Jr., L. D. In»ke-p. George S.
Pierce. R. H. Cross. W K. Emery and Elliott
B. Davis; campaign — Ezra Decoto. Fred Seul
berger. \V. H. Cohlck. Granvllle Warren. J. F.
Conklin. E. R. Jackson. Wagor S. Smith,
George C. Walker. Dr. F. R. Jarvis, Stanley
Moore. Charles Jeffrien. John G. Buswell. Low
ell J. Hardy, H. R. Browne. Hugh/ilogan Jr..
P. H. Auseon. Frank R. Thompson. James D.
Roch«. 'James Molr. Manuel Fonte W. D.
Thomas. Frank D. Moyer. F. J. White. Charles
S. Wlghtman, Stuart \V. Booth. Henry Perry,
Fred K. Fox. Frank H. Garcia. Alex. Ander
son. T. B. Crandell. Oeorge Ingraham. John
W. Burke. Ocar T. Hoyt August Manasse,
A P. Parrott. George G Cummlngs. Wllber
Walker and John W. McNlece.
The members of the various commit
tees appointed to represent the club
during the campaign are:
Supervisor H. D. Rowe received the
unanimous indorsement of the Seventh
Ward Republican Club, together With
a request that he again accept the
nomination for Supervisor, at an en
thusiastic meeting of the club held last
night in Judge Geary's courtroom in
East Oakland, at which committees
were appointed by President XV. A.
Donaldson to act for the club during
the coming campaign.
The meeting of the Seventh Ward
Club was the first definite move in the
approaching campaign.
Oakland Office 1 San Francisco C II;
HIS Broadway, March 26.
The finding of a strong btrx with
$124 25 hidden under the steps of the
home of Joseph Keck, a young Frutt
vale painter, led to his arrest on a
charge of robbery, as well as that of
his 13-year-old stepbrother, A. Blum.
The store of A. Berat was robbed about
8:30 o'clock last night and the box, con
taining nearly $500, was stolen. The)
finding of It with part of the money
to-day was deemed sufficient warrant
for the arrest of the pair.
Rerat conducts a grocery at Four
teenth street and Frultvale avenue.
Last night he went to lodge and left
his wife and«their boy in charge of the
store. Mrs. Rerat went into a neigh
bor's to talk and the boy ttaa left
alone. Young Blum came along and
began a conversation with young Rerat
and the two went out on to the side
walk and while they were talking the
box was stolen.
¦When the theft "was discovered th«
matter was reported to Constables Car
roil and Dearborn, who this morning
secured a search warrant to go into
Keek's home, the presence of young
Blum giving them an Idea that per
haps he had been "stalling" for Keck.
They searched the house through and
were about to leave, when they looked
back as they went down some steps
and saw the box.
A number of robberies have taken
place in the Frultvale district of late
and Carrol] and Dearborn give it as
their belief that the two they have In
custody are responsible for them. In
Keek's pocket was found a bankbook
with about $600 to his account in the
Oakland Bank of Savings. Both Keck
and Blum deny any knowledge of the
affair.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. March 26.
Nealon, with City Attorney McElroy
and Attorney Hughes of San Fran
cisco, met Assessor Dalton and Dis
trict Attorney Allen this morning and
had a spirited debate over the ques
tion, which Dalton finally ended by re
ferring to District Attorney Allen for
an official opinion, with the declaration
that he will seize the horses In case
the District Attorney's opinion is favor
able to his contention and Nealon still
refuses to pay his taxes.
James Nealon. ex-Assessor of San
Francisco, and County Assessor Dalton
of Alameda County have had a 'clash
over the assessment of the race horses
belonging to Nealon at the Emeryville
racetrack, and it Is believed that there
is a~well laid plan among the horse
men to try to evade the payment of
taxes on their horses; that Nealon Is
.simply acting for a large number and
is making a test case. He claims that
his horses should be assessed in San
Francisco, while Dalton states that the
horses were in Alameda County at noon
on the first Monday in March and he
asserts that should such a rule pre
vail as contended for by Nealon, when
the horses scatter after the race meet
ing is over none of them will ever be
taxed, as they will not in all proba
bility reach their home stables for a
year.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, March 26.
The history of this prehistoric egg
will soon be published in the form of a
bulletin at the university. Just now
the efforts of the scientists are directed
toward discovering its age and species.
Dr. Morgan told all about the discov
ery of the origin of bitumens via this
patriarch of the egg family this even
ing at a meeting of the California sec
tion of the American Chemical Society.
His subject was "A Peculiar Occurrence
of Bitumen and Evidence as to Its Ori
gin." In the course of his story Dr.
Morgan explained that he had picked
out particles of bitumen from the egg,
thus proving that it is of animal origin.
He said in part:
Hardly any scientific question has been de
bated more vigorously than that as to the
origin of bitumens, especially sine* the In
dustry has assumed such Industrial import
ance. Natural gas. liquid petroleum and solid
asphalt are universally admitted to have been
derived from a common source, their existence
in these varied forms to-day being due part y
to a process of natural separation and partly
to chemical changes wrought by water, air,
heat and pressure.
One theory ascribes to them a purely chem
ical origin Steam acting on various metals
or carbides hypothetlcally existing in the In
terior of the earth Is thought by some to be
an adequate source for all bituminous matter,
the process being similar to the interaction of
water and calcium carbide used to generate
acetylene. Most investigators prefer to be
lieve that all bodies of this nature are de
rived from an organic origin, one group holding
that vegetable, another that animal are the
source. .
Experiments have been made In the labor
atory or factory either with the view of sup
porting a particular theory or In some cases
in the hope that a cheap method of manu
facturing petroleum might be discovered. From
fish oil and again from linseed oil. distilled
under pressure, substances have been obtained
so similar to natural oils as to be indistin
guishable Xn one instance the product was
sold on the market. This experiment can be
made to support almost any hypothesis.
Under these circumstances much time and
thought have been expended In the endeavor
to ascertain whether unquestioned evidence
could not be obtained to ehow from what Hind
of matter natural deposits have been derived.
Hitherto while many things have pointed In
one direction or anoth/r. there haa always been
two Bides to the question as to the origin of
any particular deposit and evidence in •up
port of both sides. The discovery of a fossil
egg partly filled with asphalt. In which all
evidence points unequivocally to the fact that
the asphalt has been derived from the natural
contents of the egg. Is considered of great
scientific value. Inasmuch as it is the first
case in which the kind of matter from which
bituminous matter has actually been formed
can be definitely proven. 81nce an egg con
tains in concentrated form material like that
constituting animal tissue the actual deriva
tion of bitumen from animal remains by a
natural process Is thus proven. This fact does
not mean necessarily that some petroleum h.ns
not been derived from other sources than ani
mal matter, however.
The egg with which these experiments
were made was fo'und imbedded In a
rock on the cliffs that line the Glla
River In Arizona. It was Incased In a
mold of rock that has been preserved
along with it, the whole being not .un
like a meerschaum pipe and its velvet
case. The shell is still there, but' the
contents have undergone various
ical changes, so that they now resemble
a rock of crystal. No detectable
changes are to be found on the surface
of the shell, which, for all the scientists
are able to make out, is just the same
as that of the common duck's egg of
the present day.
As to the age of the egg, the scien
tists are not yet agreed. That is a
question that is still being discussed by
them. The hitch is over the geological
age in which the egg was .laid. Some
think it may have been born during
the quartenary period, anywhere from
16,000 to 50,000 years ago. Others think
It is of the tertiary period, estimated
recently. by. Professor A. C. Lawson to
be 2,700,000 years ago. Just think of an
egg 2,700,000 years old! Whew! What
if it should break!
Through the prehistoric egg now at
the University of California the scien
tists have been able to prove the origin
of bitumens, a thing that has puzzled
more investigators and aroused more
antagonisms than almost anything else
in the scientific world. Recent analyses
of its contents by Dr. William Conger
Morgan of the chemistry department of
the university go to show that bitumen
is actually derived - from animal re
mains that nature has changed In the
course of ages to its present composi
tion.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, March 26.
President Appoints Com
mittees to Direct the
Affairs of Organization
All -Theories of Previous
Investigators Overthrown
by This Latest Discovery
Dalton Accuses Him of Try
ing to Evade the Taxing
of His Racing Animals
Box Holding Money Is Stolen
From Store of A. Rerat and
Is Found Under Doorstep
OAKLAND. March 26.— Lester
Birch. postofflce messenger boy,
who feu thrown under the wheels or
a locomotive -while racing along be
side the 8:20 local train corainR from
¦West Oakland to Broadway Wednes
day evening died at the Receiving
HoVpilal this evening at 6 o clock.
He had been Icpt alive by the use of
stimulants In the hope that he wou.d
rstlu-r sufficient strength to ber.r the
amputation of hi? legs, but he was
unable to rally and slowly sank until
to-night, when he died.
The death is the more pad because
of the fact that Lester was the sole
support of a widowed mother and
two small children, who are now left
•without support. Among the postof
flcfe employes a subscription has been
raised through the efforts of Ralph
Faneuf and each one has contributed
a day's pay. A purse of over $100 has
been raised by this means to defray
the buri.nl expenses and give some
thing to the mother. An older sister
•was accidentally electrocuted in Ala
trieda a short time ago by coming in
contact with a live electric wire while
crossing a vacant lot.
•The boy was 16 years of age and
¦was a special delivery messenger. He
rode his bicycle in a race with the
train the other evening and a sudden
swerve of the wheel threw him under
the engine and his legrs were crushed
below the knees.
Boy Po*t office Messenger Whose Ix^cs
Were Crushed by a Ix»coiiiotlvc
Succumbs.
LESTER BIKCH DIES
AT RECEIVING HOSPITAL
OTHERS INTERESTED
TWO MILLION YEARS OLD
GROCERY IS ROBBED
PKEPAHE FOR CAMPAIGN
Seventh Ward Republicans
Ask IF. D. Rowe to Accept
Nomination a Second Time
James Nealon Objects to
Assessment of His Stable
at the Emeryville Track
Through It the Scientists
Trace the Origin of Bitu
men to Animal Eemains
Fniitvale Constables Arrest
J.Keck and A. Blum, a Boy,
on the Charge of Burglary
CLUB INDORSES
A SUPERVISOR
VENERABLE EGG
HELPS SCIENCE
HORSE OWNERS
MAKE A TEST
OFFICERS FIND
STOLEN COIN
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, MARCH 27, 1904.
Surgeons Remove Particles of Glass From Injured
Optic of Dean of College of Natural Sciences
Who Met With Serious Mishap Thursday
OPERATION MAY SAVE
PROFESSOR SLATE'S EYE
A wedding ring has been found in
fide a shark. This oonfirms the fear
that the shark and a victim had bc
wime one.
A satisfactory result of the recent
flre ;¦¦ at ¦ Chicago is that f j the persons
whose .duty it Is to protect; our places
of public amusement against flre have
stated -that i, they intend shortly to do
so. * •'-.-¦ ¦"^^SfS '.' •/ '"' '
38
, ' Suburban realty is advancing
rapid! y— The present .'¦_> is the
time to buy. \ ' - Vr ';
. Secure a; choice ' bargain NOW
through our : REAL ESTATE
COLUMNS.
BBAXCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IX
• ALA3IEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND.
• JUS Broadway.
Telephone Slain 1C83.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
• Telephone North "7.
ALAMEDA.
H.V» Park Street.
Telephone Alametla 4592.
• SEE TUB PHOTOGRAPH.
n, Rcmarknble Composite Picture
of the Fashionable Worship-
ers at St. Mary's Cnthe-
dral
EASTER EDITIONS
NEXT SUNDAY CALL.
EASTER BRIDES.
Sec the Beautiful Photographs
Showing; What Oar Fashion-
able Maids Are Wcarins to
the. Altar.
EASTER EDITION".
NEXT SUNDAY CALL.
I Don't stand still —
Improve 3 - onr position.
Read the IlELP WANTS in
THE CALL.
* ; : *The week closed ¦without further chan--*
everything except -Veal belns in moderate sup
ply and firm.
Meat Market.
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Morcy — !U 8 Steel u
Call loans 2*4©3*4! Do pfd S714
Tlir.e loans ...3^©4Ht Westing Common. 81
Bonds — [ Mining — ¦
Atchison 4s OT Adventure 2H
DoadJ 4s W: AUouez 414
il#x Cent 4s «3 Amal Copper 4S14
Itallroads — Amer Zinc flu
Atchlsen .... «WT5 Atlantic a
Do pfd "... S9»ilBinsham 20
Boston * AnMny.2ias'Calum#t A He<rIa.4RO
Boston & Mafne-lRS^i Centennial is
rioston Oev ....13»>4 Copper Range ... 42»;
FJtchburg rM.--l»H | Dtl]r Weft ,20
Mex Central ..... 10'ilDoxn Coal lift
NtW YORK. March 26. — Money en call —
>'."'. nominal; no loan*.
Tim* money — Easy. Sixty <iays. 2i/i©3 per
cent; ninety days. 3 per cer.t: six months. 4
per cent.
Pnrse tnercastUe paper — 4*463 psr cent.
Sterilrg — Firm, with actual busi
ness in banker** bill* at $4.S713fi4.S723 fcr de
mand and at *4.M30« 4.»4<iO for sixty days.
T'«ted rat»« — S4 S5«ffi4 SS.
Canmerclal bills— $4 83?iiff4 S4»i.
n«r nilvcr — .*^i* 4 c.
Mexican dollar* — 44c.
Bonds — Govemmests, steady; railroads,
•teady.
New York Money Market.
Receipts of ¦ Asparagus . were C52 boxes and
the market . opened with buyers and sellers
apart. Extra nock was firmly held at the
top rate by most dealers, and some even asked
15c per pound, but the demand was limited at
this figure and prices soon receded. The Puget
Sound steamer took out some moderate ship
ments.'but there, was quite a quantity unsold
at the close, which would have met with
prompt sale had prices been more reasonable
during the early trade. Receipts of Rhubarb
were 466 boxes and prices had a sharp decline,
dealer* belror anxious to clean up. Tomatoes
continued firm. with, supplies limited, and Hot
house Cucumbers were, higher. Changes In the
other vegetables were slight. ; ¦ ..
POTATOES — Bnrbanks from the river $l@
1 15 ' per ctl; .Oregon Burbanks $f 15<gi 40
per ctl •.' River Red*. $1©1 10 per ctl ;. small
Oregon Burbanks for seed.* !)Oc<g$i per ctt;
Garnet Chiles. $131 10 per ctl; Early Rose.
Receipts of river Potatoes were less than
JOU> sacks and the market had a steady -tone,
particularly for fancy lots, which were readily
marketed at tne top quotation. Oregon Bur
bank.4. ex-steamer, met with a steady inquiry
and the best offerings brought an advance. New-
Potatoes arrived freely and sold rather slowly
at easier rates. Yellow Onions were quiet.'
with large lines of old stock offered at the
Inside rate. Nevadans were cleaned out of
flrst hands. ' , ' . - - ¦
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
HIDES AND SKINS— Calls and brands sell
about W?lc under quotations. Heavy Salted
St-ers 9V4c: medium. SHc; Ilrbt. 7?Jc: Cow
Hid>s. 8c for heavy and 7»ic for liBht; Stags,
6c- Salted KlP. 9c: Salted Veal. 10c: Salted
Calf, lie- dry Hides. 15®tttc: dry Kip. 13c; dry
Calf. ISc: Sheepskins; shearlings. 25®."5Oc eaca
short Wool. 40«363e caca; medium. 7C@90c: 'onr
W00U $lSt «»: Hides, .salt. $2 75 for
large and $2S= 50 for medium. ;i 23«1 75 for
small and 50c for Colts Hcrse Hides, drv.
$1 75 for Urso tnd $t uO for .medium. $isi ->5
for small and 50c for Colts. Back SMns— Dry
Mexican, ttc: dry; Salted ,r:r=icfln. 25c ; dr J
Central American. 31e Coat Sklns-Pn^ A
goras. 75c: ' Iarr« and smooth. 50c : medium.
S3c small. 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 render^ 4K©4&e b^. , o .
N'o 2 3Vie4c: Itrease. 2%©3c
WOOL-^Sprin^ clip— San Joaqnln and South
ern. 12 month*'. 9Sllc; do . » months*. Stj 10c
P *HOPS— 2iS27c per for Call/ornla. laaj.
and 17'ie for croo of 1004.
Hides, Tallow; Wool and Hops.
Beans continue Inactive at unchanged quo
tations, and the market shows no new fea
tures. Receipts are not lar?e. but they are
ample for the meager demand.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 35© 2 00- Pea, $3<®3 23-
Butters. $3 W&'i 73: small White. $i®a 13
larse White. $2 C5<g2 75; Pink. $.1 20<8!J :«-
Re«l. $4 50: Lima. $-t 20©3 30: Red Kidneys'
54 00*63: Blackeye. *2©2 15 per ctl; Horse
Beans. $2Q2 50.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $3 75©4: Yellow
Mustard. $3^3 25: Flax. $1 SOfgl 90; Canary.
fr&GS'hc for Eastern: Alfalfa. 14t-ipj»j c: Rape
l»i€2c: Timothy. C@eHc; Hemp" 3»'.©4<: per
lb: Millet. 38>3%c: Broom Corn Se«d* *2O@2l
per ton.
DRIED PEAS — Blackeye. $3 per cU: Niles.
?3 25; Green; $3@3 25.
Beans and Seeds.
EASTEEX MARKETS. !
— »
Hams were reduced »ic yesterday. Bacon
and Lard were not changed. The Chicago mar
ket was slightly weaker.
Cottolene Is marked down h*c ¦ > ;
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 10}4c D*r Ib for
heavy lie for llsbt medium. 13c for light.
13i*c fcr extra I!*bt and 15c for BUftarx-ured;
Eastern su^ar-cured • Hams. 13c: California
Hams 12®12*ic: M*U Beef. $10 50©ll per bbl ;
extra "Mesa. SH 50til2- Family. $12 50<Sl:«:
prime Mess Pork. S15; »xtra clear. - $24SS5;
Mpss SIS; Dry Salte»». Perk. 10»4«llc: pt B
Pork. $27: Pls»* Feet. $5: Smoked Beef. I4c
P< LARD— Tierces quoted at 6^c per lb. for
corrpound and OVJc for pure; h «'-barrels. pure,
au,c: 10-lb tins. 10c; 5-lb fx. lOHc; 3-lb
tins. 10*4 c.
COTTOLENE — One half barrel. OHc; three
half barrels. »•-•: on» tierce. S%c: two tierces.
8*ic; five tierces, 8%c per Ib. .
Provisions.
It is well known that branches and
buds can be grafted not only on tho
same but even on different species of
trees, but few are aware that youns
fruit of certain species can be grafted
en woody boughs called to nourish
them. A Duchesse d'Angouleme pear,
for example, taken from the native tres
at the time when the young fruit re
quired "thinning out," was grafted on
a year-old twig of another tree by th 1 *
method known as grafting "under tha
bark." Professor Courtof 3 and M. Du
voire of Beauvais dr.cribe the process
as follows: The twij,*. or bough, was
cut to a length of four or five centi
meters and the bark slit lengthwise.
The stalk of the pear was thea flat
tened so as to pass under the bark at
the slit and the whole bound with
raphia and gummed with mastic. Ths
loss of sap on the part cf the Cruit
caused in the grafting delayed its rip
.ening and diminished its size, but the
Investigators will continue their experi
ments under different conditions ani
with other varieties of fruits. They
would be pleased if other nortlcultur
ista would also try the method. If 1c
turns out a practical success it win b i
valuable, to gardeners, because the ex
cess of'^aun? fruit on some trees, cow
lost tn "thinning out." might be grafted
on other trees able to nourish them.—
London Globe.
Grafting "Under the Bark.**
Feedstuffs continue weak, with Middlings
again lower. Bran remains the eame. Hay is
fairly steady at previous prices.
BRAN— $19<@19 50 p*r ton.
MIDDLINGS— $2ilg26 50 p*r ton
SHOUTS— *1S€ 19 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. J24©23 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill $29 3C®:]1-
Jobbing $32: Cocoanut Cake. $22©23; Corn*
Meal. >20 G0630 W; Cracked Corn. $3C@.U-
Mixed Feed. $22@23; Horse Beans, $J0fi
40 per ton; Broom Corn Feed. COc per ctL
HAY— Wheat. $15@17: Wheat and Oat
$14 MSI* 50: Oat. $li(gl6; Barley. $13S15*
Stock. J12 50013 50; Alfalfa. $12 M@14 per
ton.
STRAW— 50@70c per bale."
Hav and Feedstufts.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $4 *>*?
5 10 usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 70<95.:
'Oregon and Washington. Jobbing at $3 66Qi 25
per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices In packages are as
follows: Graham Flour ?3 23 per 100 lb»;
Kye Flcur. $3 25; Rye Meal. $3; Rice Flour.
, $7; Corn Meal. $3 23; extra crtam do. $4; Oat
(Jroats. , $4 50; Hominy. $4f$4 25; Buckwheat
Flour.- $4 50©4 75; Cracked Wheat. $.J 75: Fa
rina $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 00: Rolled
Oats. bbls. $7 25®$ (50; In packs. $S 75@S 10;
Pearl Barley. *U; Split Peas, boxes. $7; Green
: Peas, $5 50 per 10O ids.
Flour and Millstuffs.
— — ¦. •;; .¦/ # •
CHICAGO. March 26. — Freezing weath-r
throughout Kansas and as far south as Okla
homa caused an active demand for wheat
when trading began to-day. There was a rush
of buying orders from commission houses
shorts and pit traders, but apparently little
wheat was. tor sale. The opening quotations
?? J : jly « f* to showed a sain of 4 @
?= to > Sic over yesterday's closing figure*
The opening figures were at the high point of
tKe day For a time the market held nrm
under the Influence of the bullish new« from
the Northwest. The cash situation at Minne
apolis was reported as strong with a good
demand there fcr No. 2 red winter wheat. \s
well as for lower grades. Reports from the
*anie source told of good flour sales Toward
tuc latter part of the session sentiment sud
denly changed and extensive liquidation set
In. The selling was due in part to an Im
pression that little harm would come to the
growing plant as a result cf the sudden
chanzes in temperature and partly because of
a desire amoug local scalpers to even ud over
Suncay. Offerinrs met with little demand and
In consequence the market weakened percepti
bly. July closed at the bottom, with a loss of
&0Ke at S7 14c. After selling between 95U.C
and 9Cc. May closed at 95Uc. ,
Purchases ot half a million bushels of May
and July delivery by the leading bull inter
est were the feature In corn trading. Julv
closed at 50%©504c, a gain of 4c
Oats showed great strength during the early
part of the session. The close was steady
6 . 1 "-.* ranffe of H® 4c. July oats closed at
5%g.{S4c practically unchanged. May oats
closed unchanged.
Provisions were strong early. In sympathy
with higher prices for hogs and on the strength
in rrairu! . There was a fair scattered demand
with small offerings. The clos- was ytea.i"
with July perk 5c higher, lard unchanged and
ribs a shade lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close
Wheat No. 2 —
May 95»4 00 nsij qsV.
July, eld • SSHi 89%£ . m s$2
July. new..:... . S8S S$% S7U >t2
September, old. 8414 " Ki% jfju g3 i7
September, new 834 S3'i S2ii S»*«
Corn Xo. 2— "
May Kt'i, MT4 5314 5 o K
i^' ••• M?4 60Ti 50-% bo4
September 50 50% 40 «i 49 il
Oats No.2 — '•
May ?* l i '» I 4 S»H 3!>U
July 38U 38% 3S ss^
September 3i*i, 324 32',4 3«u
Mess Pork, per bbl. —
May .U20 13 20 13 124 13 124
July W 30 13 424" 13 324 13 35
Lard, per 100 lbs. —
May. 7.024 7 024 6 074 7 00
July 7 174 7 174 7 15 7 13
Short Ribs, per 10O lbs. —
May ..'. 8 024 6 024 6 90 6 90
July 7 074 7 07U 7 024 7 C5
Cash Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO. March 2«.-<:ash quotations were
as follows: Flour was quiet and steadr' winter
patent*, ?4 Mxp5: straights. $4 5tV&4 TO; spring
patents. $4 40414 70; straights. $434 «$¦
bakers', f.'iS.l 50: No. 2 sprinsr wheat, irvgii*
Xo. Z. S6«ftSe:.No; 2 red. !>5U«-rt$i or No •»
corn. M4Q33S,c;No. 2 yellow.' 53*i®M«c: No"
2 oats. SSlift-TOc; No. .1 white, .13@43c" No 2
rye. COc; good feeding barley. .TStTSOc; fair" to
choice rna'.tinir. 45©55c: No. 1 flaxseed. $1 C*U-
No. 1 Northwestern. 51 134; prime timothyl
eeed. *2 »: mess Dork, per* bbl.. $13 10a
13 12^ : lard, per 100 lbs., $<> R24<16 gj; ghort
rlb= sides (loose). $0 C2Vj©6 87%; short clear
Bides (boxed). $7. 23^7 27 U; whisky, basis of
hiRb trlnes. $1 2S.
Articles— '- Receipts. Shipments.
¦ Flotrr, barrels 4 1, SOO .14 fi(H>
Wheat, bushels ..........; 2B.CW . 3«.40O
Corn, tushels ......'...... ..213.70O 03.100
Oats, bushels 314. ICO ¦ 183.300
Rye. bushels S.OOn -" 2.4CO
Barley, bushels 4O.4CO 36 SCO
Future Grain and Provisions.
j Chicago Board of Trade.
NEW YORK. March 2*3.— Cotton futures
closed steady, 31^43 points up.
N civ York Cotton Market.
FRUIT— Apricots. S>«i6104c for Royals and !
Ogl2c for Moorparks: Evaporated Apples, 4i4tf I
.ttc; sun-dried, i(&4Uc; Peaches. 5>&74c; Pears.
Sgll^c; Nectarine*, nominal; Figs, white,
Sfclc "in boxes; black. 4 54c; Plums, pitted.
&g*c c«r lb.
PRUNES— 1903 crop. 2»4®24c for the four
nizes.
RAISINS — The Association quotes the follow- I
Ing prices: Standard grades. 50-lb cases — 2- |
erown Loose Muscatels. 5Vic per lb; '
3-crown, 5Njc; 4-crown. *»4c; Seedless Locs« !
Muscatels. 4Vic: Eeedlsss floated. 44c; 2-crown :
Malaga loose. 5c; 3-crown Malawi loose. o%c; '
Seedless Sultanas, unbleached. 44c; Seedless '
Thompsons, unbleached. 54c. Layers, per 20- j
Ib box — 6-crown Imperial clusters, $3; 5-crown
Dehesa clusters. $2 50: 4-crown fancy clusters. :
S2: 3-crown London Layers. $1 35; 2-crown !
London Layers. $1 23; usual advance for frac- •
tlonal boxes and layers. Seeded — Fancy ltt-cz |
cartons, per lb. 7%c: fancy 12-02 cartons, peri
package. 6?4c; fancy bulk carton*, per lb, 74c; [
choice 16-cx cartons, per lb. 74«: choice 12-os j
cartons per package. 6V4c: choice bulk car- ;
tons tier lb. 7»4c: 16-oa cartons, seeded Seed- !
lings. Muscatels, per lb. -7c: 12-oz cartons,
seeded Seedlings. Muscatels, per Ib. 5^4 c; bulk,
seetied Seedling*. Muscatels, per lb. 6*4 c
NUTS — Walnuts. No. I sortshell. 134614c;
No 2. 1141912c: No. 1 hardshell. lSat34c;
No. 2. llS114c: Almonds, 114c for Nonpa
reils, ll^c for I X L. lie for Ne Plus Ultra i
and 0V4c for Languedoe; Peanuts. ti4|7e for
Eastern: Pecans. ll©13c: Cocoanuts. |4 5OS5.
HONEY— Comb. lC@ll}4c for white and S4
£T»4c for amber; water white extracted. 50
5Hc: light amber extracted. 4484%c: dark.
3i:.S4c.
BEESWAX— 27©29c p-r lb.
Dried FruitStNuts^aisiiiSjHoney.
SATURDAY. March 2«— 12 m.
rNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask.t Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup. .10S lCS*i'4a qr cp new — 1334
4s qr reg ..1C7 107*l!3s qr coup ..1M4 —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — - |O T Co tJs..Hf)'- 4 —
Bay CPC Sb.101 102i'i Do 5» 111 —
Cal C G 5s. — 1C4V 4 ! Do con Ss.101 41024
Cal G A E g (Oceanic S 5a. « — 73
m A ct 5s. — 89 (Om C Ry 6s.l234 —
Cal-st C 5s.lie»41174!Pao G Im 4a — OS
C C Wat 5a. — 100»i!P E Ry 5s,.10541C6
E L & P fi«.123 131 |P*C H fs.104 105
F A C H Cs.ll4»; — |P4OR «a.H6 —
Geary-st 5s.. ( 454 90 fPowell-st €s. — —
H C*S 54S.104 — Sac EGARSs. 9f»4 —
Do 5s 99T.10OU SF & SJVSa.ltS^Xlft
Hon R T 6».1C«U — Sierra R e*.lll 113
L A Elec 5s. — 1C5 6 P of A 6s
L A Ry 5S.113U1M I <1»»> — 107 W
L A L Co €s — — I <191C> — iCSii
Do (rtd fs. — - |S P of C Hi
Do gtd 5a.lO3»i — | (lfl«W)Sr A.10441&!f
LAP lem 5s.lO14 — j f1!»0.vSr Riiut
Mkt-st C 6s. 116 — I (10O«> 1C7U —
Do lem r.s. — 1154? (1012) 117>illS*i
MV&Mt Tos.104 1J2 SPC 1 eg 5s.. 113 119
N'RofC t'8.10«mO8 I Do stmpd..lC» 110
Do 5s im4110',i!S P B C 6sl.1l _
N P C F. 5s.lO5 — jS V. Wat «s. 1044104%
NCR 5s. — — t Po is 2dm. «J«i —
N C P C 5s. 90 10241 Do 4s ."Mm. tt> —
N S R C 5s. — lClU'Ptkn C&E Rs. 00 —
OG LAH Ss.lCG — |U G t E k - 108
O W gtd 5s. — — j
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 37 40 (Port Costa .. — —
Maria Co .. — C2Vi;S V Wat Co 2S\ 3O
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L * P. — 3«i'S F G A E. 5»*i CO
Mutual E L. 84 ftftjstkn G A E. .'. —
Pac Lt Co. 534 — [U G £ E... 29 32
TRUSTEES* CERTIFICATES..
S F G A E. — — I
INSURANCE.
! Firem's Fnd.310 — |
BANK ST0CK3.
Ara Xtl Bk. — 125 fLon P A A. 1524 —
Anglo- Cal .. S5 S3?S[Mer Trust... — 223
Bank of Cat 4274 — iMercn Eat .. — -_
: Cal Safe Dp.145 150 fS F Nation!. — _
First Nation! — . — 1
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L220O 2300 ISar A L So. — ko
Hum S & L. — — fSec Sav Bk. — 450
! Mut Sav Bk.100 — .Union T Co.. _ __
: S F Sav tT.623 — |
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — 2C0 IPresidio 41
Geary ... — 80 j
POWDER.
Giant C04 6l4rvigorit 44 ¦»*:
SUGAR,
Hana P Co. — 50c iKHaura S P 3 «u
Hawaiian C. 4!»>4 — (MakawcU S. 2o*i •£
Hocokaa C. 124 13?4iOnomesi S C 24 -9
Hutch S P. S»4 — fPaauhau S P 1314 Tit;
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A.141 142^; Oceanic S C. — 5
Cal F C A. 884100 I Pac Aux FA. 54 —
Cal Wine A. 01 SIHIPac C Borx.167 —
MV& MtTm.lCO — i
Morning Bessioe.
Board —
10 California WHe Association. ot zo
10O Huuhlnson S P Co h 75
15 S F Gas & Electric, s SO. ....'. 59 50
WSF Gas A Electric SO 50
25 Spring Valley Water Co £> CO
$2.0CO Hawaiian Ccml A Sugar 5s.. ICO CO
$2.C0O Pacific Electric Ry 3s. ...'.... 1C3 73
Street— '*
."ift Hawaiian Coral A Sucar 49 23
S3 Hstwalian ComI A Sugar 43 SO
3. Hawaiian Ccml A Sugar...... 49 73
55 Hawaiian Com! A Sugar '. Z*> 00
i $2.C«M P3c!ft? Electric Ry 5s .105 e2»S
California Stock & Oil Exchange.
Oil Stocks — " Bid. ""-Asked.*
Atesa J ' 123
Apollo --- .... 4.H
Associated Trust Cert.. 20 22
Artec ft)'
Caribou ;.... 2 23 250
Ontral Pttnt Coa...-. S! ....
Chicago Crude V. 21.
Cl-iretr.ont 5O
Four fi»J qj
Fu'lcn ! rn
Giant - 1»
' Hartfcrd .IK CO 170 CO
STOCK AXD BOXD EXCHANGE.
* NE ' V L T0RK - March 2o.-Total imports of
dry goods and general merchandise at the port
valu^Vt%^.7t§. W ~ k tO - day ™
Exports of specie from New York for the
we?k were $OW.24tf in silver and S770.COO in
sold.
Imports of specie at New York durine the
week were $tS,723 geld and $46,6SS siU-er.
Exports and Imports.
NEW YORK. March 26.— The demand for
«h- iea.lm* m t tals, was fair, with holders gen
erally firm in their iitas a* to the va/ues
ofV&sfeTflrl^ 1^ t "* S> " ° n ."* bas ' ;
%*££?£.?]%!?• l-S74$13.O0c: electrolytic.
12S.' 2 ©l.rc0t. and casting, 12.624EI" 75c
Spelter. 5.1'"§5.20c.
Lead. 4.W&4.65C.
The irou market was unchanged.
Ne^u York Metal Market.
An asseesment of 10c per share on Haca
Plantation-- stock was delinquent in the com
pany's office yesterday. . <_-"
The New Idria Quicksilver Mining Company
has declared a regular quarterly dividend of
lCc per share and an extra dividend of 20c. both
payable April 1.
The Horn Silver Mining Company of Utah
ha3 declared a dividend of 5c rer share, pay
able March 31.
The output of the O^hir mine for the past
we*k. amounts] to -"T, mlnisjg earloads ot or*.
as?.ivinjr $80 57 per ton. The yield for the pre
ceding week was 207 carloads, assay ing $72 C3
per ton.
The yt-rld of the Consolidated California and
Virginia mine for the past week amounted to
73 mini as carloads of ore. assaying $20 73 per
ton.
Sales on the California Exchange last T »»k
were .;2.SJ4 shares, valued at 119.711. th« lead-
In? sales being as follows: Associated Oil.
2309 <tare?: Home. 4toO: Independence, «300;
Lfrn. \n<\; Oil Cltv Petroleum. ll.WQ; Supe
rior. 20*»0; Claremont and Apollo. ZOO each.
Ex-uiv:>*«nd yesterday: Hanford Oil. $1.
Th« usual Saturday quietud" r>r»vailed on
the exchanges. The feature of the day was a
more pronounced rise In Hawaiian Commercial,
the stock uellins ud to ?5O. Then* has been a
gradual but steady advance In this stock for
the past w»«>k or ten days. On the California
Exchange Home Oil declined to *l 50 and Sov
ereign to 41c. Th*>re was no particular char.gr
in the mtnlrr stock?.
Trading Still Quiet, With Ha~
zvaiian Commercial at $50.
Several small lota- of Longworth Strawberries
v.'ere received from Palo Alto and vicinity.
The Berries were mostly preen ami showed the
effects of rain and sold slowly at 2C@25c per
basket." The receipts aggregated about two
chests of twenty drawers, each drawer con
taining six small baskets.
APPLES — S232 25 per box for extra fancy,
$1 5C@l 75 for ordinary fancy. OCogJl 25 for
choice and 50§75c for common.
CITRL'a Kill; ITS— Navel Oransss. J152
per box for fancy and 50cfi$l 25 for standard
to choice: /Tanjrertnes. 75c@$l -j per box:
Lemon*. Jli75©2 50 for <--<-y. SI 23*91 50 for
choice and 73o6Sl for standard: Grapt Fruit.
SI 254?2 50: Mexican Limes. S5@5 50 per case;
Bananas, $162 per bunch for Hawaiian and
St 50®2 25 for Central American; Pineapples.
J2H3 per dozen.
Arrivals of Oranges were small and stocks
of all grades were comparatively light, but
aside from a limited inquiry for shipment to
Pupet Sound trade was very quiet and prices
shewed no Improvement. The continued rains
in the growing districts are Interfering with
picking and curtailing shipments. Only three
cars were in sight yesterday for to-morroWs
Auction. Fancy Grape Fruit and Lemons were
steady at the maximum quotations, while low
grade offerings were plentiful and dull. Good
Tangerines were firmly held, but poor stock,
which constituted the bulk of the limited sup
plies, drag-ged at unsteady rates. Mexican
Lirces and Bananas were plentiful, but moved
slowly, as the cool weather restricted trade.
The Apple market was in good shape and
prices o: all grades showed marked Improve
ment. Medium-priced offerings had the most
call. Dealers were still exacting high prices
fcr extra fancy etoCk supplies of which were
limited- . ¦ -
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May— Xo sales. ?1 00 aske<i.
December... OO^c CO'4c OStic 88 %c
OATS — Closed the week firm but quiet at
the familiar quotation?
White. $1 274*31 374: Black, $1 25<gl 55:
Red. $1 2331 35; Gray, $1 :G4 per ctl.
CORN — Quotations remain unchanged. The
market is quiet but closely held.
Western sacked. $1 :rru for Yellow $1 35
for White and SI 274®l 30 for Mixed; Cali
fornia larse yellow. Jl 4Utfl 15; email round
do. SI 50*81 53: White. SI 40@l 45 per ctl;
Egyptian. $1 40«gl 50 for white and *1 27;»>a
1 30 for brown.
RYE— SI Stxgl 324 P*t ct!.
BUCKWHEAT— $1 73@2 per ctl.
FUTI7RES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Feed. $1 10©l 15; Shipping and Brewing.
Jl 174<8t 20; Chevalier. SI 15©l 25 for fair
to choice.
CASH BARLEY.
BARLEY — The market was somewhat mixed
yesterday. Most handlers found the cash grain
weaker in sympathy with futures, and several
sales at a decline were reported. Yates &
Wright, however, sold a line of 2000 sacks
No. 1 Feed at SI 18, which dt<l not indicate
any particular weakni?s?. A member of the
firm, rpeaklng of th^ decline in futures, said:
"A bear element is raiding the May option
ar.d helping tt down by selling the cash grain
lower. Ttie market went down through lack of
support, there being no buying orders of any
consequence. Eut either the May option must
advance or the spot* market decline, for there
1« at present too much difference between
them."
There was no further news regarding Orien
tal or English onl-?ra.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11 :30 a. m.
Open. Hlsch. Low. Close.
May— Xo sales. St 40 bid, Jl 404 asked.
December ...$l 34 4 SI 3i'i $1 33>4 $1334
California Club, SI 4245|1 474: California
White Australian, It 524<@1 CO; Northern
Club. H 42431 45; Northern Blutstem. $1 524
©1 574 per ctl.
CASH WHEAT.
WHEAT — All markets continue qniet and
f eatun -less. Crop conditions everywhere re
main about as before. There is plenty of
Wheat on hand and plenty more growing, so
the maric?ts do not vary much on? way or the
other. Thp local situation stands the same aa
to cash Wheat, bat futures are tower.
JVheat and Other Grains.
STOCK HAEKET.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days — $4 S5>4
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 SS
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 S9
New York Exchange, sight — 124
New York Exchange, tel^raphlc. — 15
Sliver, per ounce — 5594
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 454
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL
DRIED FRUITS AND HOPS.
New York Markets Still Slaw
and Wcvk.
Mai! reports from New Tcrk eay:
"EftlED FRUITS — TJsere were no features cf
#re«:al siotsest aside from the Increased
•weakness in the' *rct Prune rituation, which
. «-aii attributed to anxiety to meve stock* faster
than the distributing trade is inclined to take
th«r.. It is r^port^d that sales are making
ca a 2 l «c basis en the epot here, although
*that is net a ireneral Quotation. Offerings
f»rrra the Coaft are on a 2-Sc basis, but we
bear of no order* grrtng out for shipments.
Peaches continue In demand and the market
,ls kanl'-nir.r. with choice in 23-lb boxes held
at 74c and extra cholc* at 7**c. Some stand
ard are available at t>v,^$4c. Th<»re Is a
f<o6 demand fcr small lots of Arricots at the
Quoted rr".e*". and the tcr.e cf the market i«
•«T firm. Th»r» is very little Interest mani
f^sred in Callfcmia loose Raisins by jobbers.
r%t a. ecefidect CeeSac obtains among s«I>rs
In view cf the fact Oiat cutsi.de stocks are
c «l»e:y cleaned up and the certainty that a*
* foctaticn prices will be maintained for the
t-alance of th«? e^ason. For seeded there is a
¦Steady <5»m*i:-l. but it involves no Quantities
, o' any consequence. Valencia layers find a
rsocTare out!et at the quotations. An la
•Tfasirg flemand for Sultanas ca,u»es a better
'-fliEir among holders, without reralt!r.? In
higher prices. The market for uncl»aned Cur
: ar.-.f in barrt's. while quiet remains finn.
¦KOP55 — Advices received from the Ccas>t
#towe<i that the market wa« rradually s#;
tnjM t» a lower basis. A rale was reported of
: K*"' ,fcs.!*« prime Oregon at 24c. and it was un
<i> mood that holders of H ops generally were
fhowtns more of a disposition to meet buyers
.et tiki Icwer basis of values. Owing to the
mcoaQy poor trade experienced by bfewers
the yast few tccnth* th*y have consumed les»
Hove than was eeneraily »xpect»d; therefore
they ehow Ws inierest in the market as buy
«r». and will defer buj-inff additional eup
rlle'e to rae*t their wants v for the. cominjj
tmumi sjcajoa. No trafJicy was reported in
the local market between dealers, with price*
Local Eaxk Oarlr«s-for the weHE just
*nd«l were $22.<il.22ti. against $2«,55S.rt3 fcr
the same w«ck lsi«t jear. showing a d»-«reas«
of $3.»«» ; t.22ti. Th* c^myti durlnc th* cor
r<-«r > ori4icg we*k in i:*<^2 were $-*>5.730.(>43. The
erttlement of the Market-street Railroad deal
• account* f-r the fcf»vy clearings that Week.
Weather Report.
——
• 120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. March 26—5 p. m.
The foliowir:*: are the eeasonal rainfalls to
£at*. as corcDared with thoce of the same
date last season asd rainfalls In the last
twecty-focr hours;
Last This Last
Stations — 21 hours. Season. Sea«cn.
Eureka 0.00 47.20
Red Bluff 0.26 2«.O2 21.33
i?*cra=ier.io Trace 14.47 13.72
rian tYaacUco 0.01 IS. 01 15. OS
»?sno O.00 5.W 7.54
Iruiepecderice 0.0a 2.40 2.1*7
ran I>u:s Oti*po O.00 13.11 13.14
!-:« Asgeles O.«O 7.53 • 13. Ta
San Diego O.f«> 3.73 9.0i
__ i THE COAcT RECORD.
- 2 2 w x 1
1 !i 1 % i
STATIONS. j || |||1 |- I
: c c • ¦ • -
':?*'. : "
Baker 30.3*i 36 20 5W Cloudy .00
Larson 30. 1<; 44 3O NE Cloudy T.
>"r««ao 3O.1S W 4« NW Cloudy -CO
•H" E. Faratlon 43
Flagstaff 30.12 52 1« SW Clear .00
Pooatello 3O.3S 34 22 S Cloudy .00
Independence .30.10 5C SS SE Cloudy .CO
Le« Angeles ..SO. 14 6S 4<J W Pt.CIdy .«:-0
J!:. Tar=aip%is.30.1» 43 32 NE Cloudy T.
Norta Head ...tO.22 M 3<J E -Pt.ady .02
Phoenix 30. OS 74 4rt W Clear .00
Point Beyes 45
Portland 30.28 4S SS E Cloudy. .02
lied Bluff 30.28 4« 44 NW Rain ..28
Hftceburg 30. ie 48 3« NE Rain .02
Sacramento ..30.22 M « N Cloudy T.
Salt Lake ...S0.2»> 42 26 NW Cloudy .00
tan Francisco. 30. 20 £2 4S NW Cloudy .01
S L. Obtspo. .30.18 <*S 40 N Cloudy .CO
S*n Diego 30.08 «!4 4« NW Pt.CWy .«O
Seattle 30.3H 50 .10 NW Clear .00
Ppckane 3O.4*J 42 IS W Clear .00
Titoceh 30.30 *»i 3S E Oear "<\C0
Wa!^ Walla. .30.42 4« 24 SE Pt.Cldy .00
Wlcneiauci-a. ..ZO.Z2 34 20 NE Snow .02
Tcm» 30.06 7S 4* SE Clear .tt>
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
.•„., FORECAST.
Tfc* rressure has risen rteadMy over the
rorthwestern portion cf * the country and has
'fallen sicwly over Southern California.
Cloudy and unsettled weather prevails over
the entire Pacific SIcp«. Light rain has fallen
from San Francisco northward.
The temperature has risen about 10 degrees
in Southern California ar.d Arizona.
. Toe following r!ver reading* are reported:
P.ed Bluff, UKS, fallirg; Cclusa. 23.1. falling;
Sacramento, 24.5, falling; Teharoa, W. etatioc
ary. and San Joaquin bridge. 15.5. falling.
Forecast m*d« at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending rnidnicht. ilarrh 27:
Northern California — Cloudy and unsettled
weather Sunday, probably showers: fresh east
erly winds.
Southern California — Cloudy and unsettled
rre-».thrr Sunuav. prcb&bly showers; cooltr;
tight easterly winds.
Nevada — Cloc4y. probably light row eun
<Uv.
Fan Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy and un
settled weather Sunday, pmbably fhowers;
freih southeast wiafij. A. G. McADIE.
Dtrtrict Forecaster.
Adaras Con lSlUttle Chief oe
Alice isiOntarlo, 4 00
Breece lOjO&hir 9. 5 62U
Bruns Con 03! Phoenix 6<j
Com Tunnel .... Oft'Potosi *•»
Con Cal A Va... 1 M'Savage bo
Horn Silver 1 20|Sierra Nev 6O
Iron Stiver 2 t3i Small Hopes ..;. 15
LeadviUe Con ... C2;sundard ...; 255
Canadian Pacific... 1.000 114H 114H 114«i
Central of N Jersey 15«
Chesapeake & Ohio 31 H
Chicago &. Alton 37
Chi & Alt™ pfd SO
Chi & Gt Western. 400 15»i lS^i 15%
Cfci & .N W lt»
Chi M A St Paul.. 2.400 141«s 14(>=% 14<VH
Cfcl MiSt P pfd 171
Chi Term & Trans 9»i
Chi T & T pfd 19H
C C C & St Louis 73
Colorado Southern. 200 16*, 16% 16*4
Colo So 1st pfd 5.14
Colo So 2n<l pfd 2.1 V»
Delaware 4 Hud... 20O lSO^j 13O>4 ISO
Det Lack & West 2«5
Denver * R G 2O?4
D 4 K G pfd 67
Erie 5.100 2U% 26 S S 2S\
Erie 1st pfd 3D0 64^, €4 63«i
Erie2ndpfd 500 42 41*4 41»i
Hockinc Valley 74
Horking Val pfd 90
Illincir, OntrsJ 5<X) 129 129 12S»^
Iowa Central' 100 19H 19H 19
Iowa pfd .... 33
Kar.sa*'City bo 18»i
K C So pfd 34S
Louisville A Nash. SW iC5* t 10.M, 1C54
Manhattan L 200 143 142 7 S 1424
Met Securities 764
Met Bt Ry 1<X> 111 111 1104
Mian & St L.iuia ' • 50
I M St P & S S M d
i M S P * S S M pf d 120
Missouri Pacific... 2.000 91*, 90 T , 01
Mo Kan & Texas 17
M K & T pfd 374
Nat RR of Mex pfd 364
N>w York Central. 100 117 117 116-4
Norfolk & Western 574
Norfolk & W pfd 85
I Oat&rii & Western 500 21 H 21 21
Pe-.r.sylvania 10,O» 117 Vi llC a ; llfl^i
I Pitts O C & St L C2
Reading 2.:«X> 4S»i 43% 43?J
Reading l*t ffd 78
Readirjr 2iid pfd tJO
Rock Island Co 1.400 224 22 22
Ro<-k Inland Cc pfd 61 »i
ft L i S F 2^1 pfd 43
st Lflcis s w: 1S4
St I>^uls S W pfd 3.14
Southern Pacinc... 10, UX) 4&% 4S% 4> 1 *^
Southern Railway. ICO 21-,* 21 ; * 21 V*
Southern Hy pfd S2
Texas & Pacific... ICO 234 234 23U
Toledo £t I> A W '• ." 22
T Si L 4 W pfd.-. 40O 35 35 344
Union Pariftc 1S.S«*> H^i «N
Union Pacific rfd-- l.«» t>2 91% 5»1
Wabash 100 1» 19 1S%
Wafca.*h rfd ..-3,«0i> S7>^ 35»i • 3«S
Wheel:nc & L E... 100 164 164 1*
Wisconsin Cent IS
Wisconsin Cen pfd. ..... 40
Express Companies —
Adams 220
American 1S5
United States 103
Wells-Fargo 200 2C5 205 200
Miscellaneous—
AmaJgam Copper.. 5.000 4«"4 4S4 45 H
Am Car A Found.. I0"> 2O 20 104
Am Car & F pfd 71
Am Coton Oil 300 29*i 294 20
Am Coton Oil pfd SS
American Ice 20O • 6S «"» 6*i
Amer Ice pfd 400 2<>4 26 2ti^ 4
Am Linseed Oil S
Am Linseed Oil pfd 2$5s
Amer Locomotive.. 50«> 214 21 U 21
Amer Loco p?d SI 4
Amer S & Ref 49
Am S A Ref pfd. 200 82H 924 92
Aiaer Sugar Ref... 200 12« 125** 123»4
Anaconda illn Co 63
Brklyn Rap Trans. 1,200 4S4 42»i 4C4
Colo 5*uel A Iron.. 10O 27*4 27»i 274
Consolidated Gas... 600 19S 1974 197*i
Ccrn Product* - 13
Corn Products pfd »5j»i4
Distillers' Sees 23
General Electric 165
International Paper 11
Interntl Paper-ptd «4
International Pump .... 35
Interstl Pump pfd. .... .... 74
National Lead 13
North American 76«4
Pacific Mail 300 2»5»i 2«4 264
People's Gas SOO SW4 95ft 95%
Pressed Steel Car 29
Pressed S Car pfd. 100 «4 694 W
Pullman Pal Car 209
Republic Steel 7%
Republic Steel pfd. 100 42% 424 42
Rubber Coeds 100 19«i 19% 19U
Ruber Gcod».pfd 7<J4
Tenn Coal A Iron .• 3S
U S Leather I5? 8
r S Leather pfd 78
tr S Realty '«
O SI Realty pfd 400 504 60 5O l 4
V S Rubber 1,100 1314 134 13
U S Rubber pfd... 2.100 544 53 54
U S Steel 800 114 im 11
r S Steel pfd 700 57*, C74 57%
Westir-ghouse Elec. 3C0 161*4 16l4 158
Western Union SS^4
Total sales 04,300 shares.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. March 2& — Bond transactions
of the United Railroads of San Francisco were
125.000 at *-0.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANT.
NEW YORK. March 26. — Common 44 bid,
4** asked; preferred. 364 bid. 37 U acked.
NEW YORK DONDS.
U S ref 2s reg..lO5^4|L &. N unified 4*. OS",
Do coupon lC5*i|Man con gold 4s.. 104
Do 3s reg IOC^lMex Cent 4s C4
Do coupon 10841 Do 1st inc 14
Do new 4s reg.l-"12%!Minn & St L 4s. Ofl
Do coupon 132*i!M. K & Tex 4s.. 90
Do old 4« reg... 107 I Do 2ds 77T4
Do coupon 1C8 |NR of Mex con 4s. 73
Ateh gen 4s 1014IN Y C gen 34s.. 97^
Do adj 4s 83 IN J C sen 5s 1234
Atlantic C L 4s. 92*4 fN'or PaciSc 4s... 103 14
Hal & Ohio 4s 102X4! Do 3a 71»i
Do 24s 94ii|Nor & W cca 4s.. 9S»i
Central of Ga 5«.10»5>j!OSL 43 i partic. »4>4
Do 1st Inc 66 I Pa eonv 34s i*j'
Ches A Ohio 44*.101?iiRtadins gen 4a... 9»Jt,;
Chi & Alton 3Vis. 77 !SL AIM con 5».1144
C. B & Q new 4s. 83 T *',S L & S F f g 4». SI
CM & SP gn 4s.lO7»i St Louis SW l«ts. 84
C & NW con 7s.l29ti Seaboard A L 4s. W
C R I * Pac 4s. 89%ISo Pacific 4s M%
Do col 5a 7*4!* ; o ' Ballwajr 5«...113'
C.C.C A SL gn 4s.lC0?i.Tex & Pac lsts.,116
Chi Term 4s SO T. St L & W 4s. . 70
Cons Tobacco 4s. SS I Union Pacific 4s.. 103%
Colo & 60 4s ?8 t Do conv 4s 87T4
Q F A I conv C7 \V S Steel 2d 5s.. 74%
Den A Rio G 4s.. 97KIW«baih lsts 118
Erie prior Hen 4a. S"4! Dr. deb B Gi*4
Do gen 4s 854! W & L Erie 4«... W54
•F W A D C lst3.104^i[Wls Cent 4s SOU
Hock .Val 44»...104»i}
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
I PEACHES— Are practically out of the mar
ket, with quotations nominal at 9U.©l0c for
chcice, lOUSlOUc lcr extra choice a £ d n «i V
for fancy. " "
APRICOTS— Are firm and show a hardening
tendencr. Choice are held at 7>-. t 973ic. extra
choice at 7?-_<gSc and fancy at O^SlOc.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The mark-t "s
m«otinr with only a moderate demand at *h"e
moment, but prices are firmly held; common.
4&v.i,c; prime. 5L,Q5*;c; choice. 6H©«%£
and fancy. 7@7iic.
PRUNES— Are" attracting a little better de
mand apparently, but the general tone Is still
easy. ¦ Quotations range from 3Uc to 6t:c
accoriiir.ff to grade. *
BET* S*5o: $£P$JT^
«^U7 B .T f tra i« hts - **W W: winter extra!
40 000 h^IiT^* 0 * 1>t *' 2N * > bush * Ia : export*.
40, WO bushels; Epo t market, Hrm; No "red
Ifl^V- 'v eVa 5 0I i, ?1 1 n nominal, f . "o b
afloat: No 1 Northern Duluth. fl li^ m °i
nal. f. o. b. afloat. Option* wore strong a I
day. closing He net higher. May closed at
IsSc! January at M^ c and September at
io H , OPS ~ S^ ady: Stat * common to choice
18<M crop 27« 38c: XM3 crop. 23C27c- old". %i
crop. F^^: C oT^a^L CrOP - 24@31C:
l»c1 I Te»7 S dry d> i4c GaIVeSt6n - CaI 0^- "
i\?? I^r Steady: domestic fleece. 2S?32c
ou OAR— Raw. firm: fair refining. 34c- cen
tnfural. H test; 3*4c; molasses sugak 2 %c
refined was firm; No. «. 4.3i>c; No. 7? 4.2^!
COFFEE-P.-vjt Rio, quiet; No. 7 invoice.
t.*»e: mild, steady: Cordova. 10<S13c The
• rnark?t for coffee futures closed quiet at a n«»
dpcllre of 5 to 10 roints. Sale*. 34.25O bags,'
including: May. S.oOc; July. 3. 70S 5 75c- Ses
tember. 5.05^6^. ' - *
DRIED FRUITS.
Nezu York Grain and Produce.
All markets under this head closed the
week easy and quiet. Butter was in ample
supply and featureless. Dealers said that at
about 20c the north would take large lines, but
wanted very little at pr?«ent quotations. Re
eelpts from Humboldt are rapidly Increasing
and the situation is likely to develop more
weakness from now on.
The situation in Cheese remains the same.
There is eo life to the market.
The Esz market was extremely unsettled
yestenlay. Some houses, fearing a slump in
Quotations next week, let their best ranch go
at 20c and thus cleared off their floors. Others
were willing to do this, but could not End the
buyer*. £• till others refused to make any con
cessions and reported business at 22c, and in
several instances even over this figure. It was
reported that one large house had brought down
from Petaluma all of the E£gs It had bought
for storing during the past week and had
TJlaced them on this market for sale. Other
houses reported a very steady market for store
Eggs and said that the store goods quoted at
lHc were rot store Eggs at all, but culls,
small, dark-colored and muddy ranch Eggs,
masquerading as store E^rgs. One could get al
most iiny kind of a yarn he wanted about the
market yesterday. As a matter of fact, there
was not much chans? in the situation. One
thing was certain — there was no scarcity of
Eggs.
Receipts were 4^.900 lbs Butter, HS1 cases
Egirs and 11,700 lbs Criee5e.
BUTTER— Creamery at first hands. 22S22'^e
for extras. 21©21^ic for firsts and 1 lS#20c for
seconds; dairy. 131?20c: store Butter, nominal;
cold storage. 2l>g21c for extras, l»@19c for sec
onds and 16<Q19c for ladle-packed.
CHEESE — SVi'SSc for good to choice new
and 7C8c for lower grades; Tounr America*.
fl^TflCc: Eastern. 15@lt5c; Western. 14®I5c
per Ib.
EGGS— Ranch. l!Vg22c for fair to eholce;
store. lS@19c per dozen.
* Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — May. July.
Opening 6 7H 6 7%
¦ Closing 6 7% 6 7?»
! PARIS.
Wheat — March. Sept.-Dec.
Opening 21 80 21 30
Closing 21 75 21 25
Flour —
Opening 2S75 20 30
Closing 28 63 29 20
St. Louis Wool
ST. LOUIS. March 28,— WOOL— Steady. Me
dium grades, combing and clothing, 18g22c;
light fine, 15@17^c; heavy fine. 12@14^c; tub
; washed, 22331c. •
Northern Business.
SEATTLE. March 26.— Clearings, $3S9.40t;
balances, *00.140.
TACOMA. March 26. — Clearings $263,002;
balances. ?30,002.
PORTLAND. March* 26.— Clearings, $324,382;
balances, S7S.7SS.
SPOKANE, March 26. — Clearings, 1236.977;
balances, $38,339. • .
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
POKTLAXD. March 26. — WHEAT — Walla
Walla, 75c: bluestem. Sic; valley. Sic.
• WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. March 2C— WHEAT— Unchanged;
bluestem, S2c: club, 75c.
Homo l 4714 l 52H
' Imperial — 13 00
I Indepecdesc* 1« 19
t Jur-ctJon 15 ....
( Kern 5 131^
I K*rn River U 50
j Lion 01
I Monarch cf Arteons 40 ....
j Mocts Crixto 73 SO
I Occidental cf W Va 13
Oil City Petroleum » ..:.
' Pe»rless 14«X>
i Re*d Crude 133 1*5
Senator Kt
Sovereign 43
Sterling : M t 70
Superior OT
I Thirty-three 3 CO 7 50
j Toltec 19 ....
Twenty-eight « 00 ....
W<^t Snor« 2 SO ....
Miscellaneous—
Abby Land A Improvement X 80
Fischer's Theater 125 „ ....
Northern Cat Power 10 50 .... "
Uorcisf Session.
20 Sovereign 4t
100O Associated 5» 79
ICO Caribou 2 23
ICO Caribou 2 3«>
lCt> Caribou X 35
200 Homa 150
Street—
ICO Four Oil ©*
ICO Home. • 80 130
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
BULAaSc.' Bid Ask.
Bay CPC «n. »9 - 5 P C R tt. - l»
! B L Wat te.lCO — IS P Co 4V.S. ft% ff>
I Cal NW .ii:a\ — lEun Tel 6a..ll.1 —
¦ RIs 1 WksSa. — ltfTH! Do ta 102*i —
' SF Ddrk 3*. — 113H. 3uttr-st R3*.1C3 ll:i
I SF St NP 5- tir-» — |UR of STta. SO% «)?4
MISCELLANEOC3 STOCKS.
Ala S Co... 23 i" 1 , 1 Mi: Nav Co. «0 O
Cal Cot Mils — 95 |Nev Nat BX.1M 2C3
C Jockey CL 93 120 | N S R R... 9V* —
1 Cal Powder. 123 140 N Cal P Co. 10»i — .
: Cal Ship Co. 13 3*> Oak Ek Sav.ll2>, —
Cal T I * T. — 133 Oak T Con.. 75 —
Cen Bk. Oak 63% — IOOF Hall A- « —
! Chutes Co .. 8 7 f r>rph*um Co. 12 18
I City & C Bk — 112 Pac 3 Tel...im>% —
1 East Dynm.150 250 Paraf Paint. 3S —
PpntPwd pfd 75 — f S F Drydock «0 —
Do com ..40 — 1 PF&3J Coal. 20 —
FN Bk Oak.l2»> — ( S J Wat Co. — flfW
Flecher Thtr l*i 1%! PO * MTxbt — M«3
Frnch-A Bk.104 — i Swiss- A Bk.113 —
Gas Con A. 13^ 21 I True* Elect.. 10 —
Hona P Co. 121, 13^! UR InC pfd. 44 —
Lcn& SF Bk — 60 j Do com .. • —
Morning Session.
Beard —
td.OCO United R R of S T 4 per cent. . 90 23
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGS.
Following were tfce «a!es en th« Saa Frsa
cisco Stock aal Exrhaa^e Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Andes 44! 5CO Sierrm Xrr .. Ot
400 Con C * Va.l 9O? 10© Sierra NeT .. e?
3C0 Mexican .^-..3 C0| 3d> Union Con .. S*
' 100 Ophlr 5 37(1COO Yellow Jackst 33
40O Savage 59;
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Follo-wic? were th« sales ca th« Pacings
| Stock Exchange 'yesterday:
Morning Session.
I 5Ct> Alpha Con. .'. JSi 10O Gould A Car. 43
! 2iX> Andes 49i K)O Mexican 2 10
! 2U0 Andes 48; »X> Savage *>
1'" Best tt Belch.2 30) :<¦> Savage 33
ICO Caledonia .1 22Ai' «5O Slerr* N*r .. «S
SCO Caledonia ...1 23, etO Sierra Ner .. 67
2C0 Con C & Va.l OOi
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
. Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning 3«asion.
10O MacNamara . 211 «iCi> Ton Betmont. 57
2iH) Mont Ton -.130; 1 no Ten Midway.. 5S
20O Mont Ton-.l 27SI 500 Ton i G W. C5
100 Ten Be'.mont. «lf
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY. March 23— 12 m.
Bid. Ask. I B14-A*k.
Alpha Ort C<*: Justice e3 f5
Alta 07 COIKentuck 02 »4
Andes 47 40! K eyes Graes.. — »
Belcher 27 29; Lady Wash .. — fi
Best A Belch.2 40 2 50' Mexican 2 10 2 1".
Bullion 1O 111 Occidental ... 57 a>
Caledonia ...1 23 1 SCjOphlr 5 G7H 3 SO
Challenge Con 31 S3! Overman .... 27 r»
Chollar 2r) 2HPotosl 2H JH
Con3d»nce ...1 CO 1 10'Scorplcn t* 0»
Con C & Va.l 9» 1 3r. >.iva;- 87 2S
Con ImperiaL 02 CI:S*g Belcher... 10 U
Ccn NY dr. 04' Sierra. N-r .. 6S CD
Crown Point. 2t> 21! Sliver Hill -.39 m
East Sierra N C5 — ?S; L^uls .... 1» IS
Eureka Con.. — "0' Syndicate .... 04 f5
Exchequer .. 17 19' Union Cc« .. M ,«7
Gould tt Cur. 4S 47'Utah 19 ?0
Hale i Norc. <»o 00 : Yellow Jacket 3* 3tt
Ju'.la C3 C5!
TONOPAH MINES.
Bld.Ask.i Bid.Aj!4.
Colehan — 13iRay A OBrien — C7
Esperanza ... — 01 j Rescue 07 CS
Gold Anchor. 13 — ;Tcn Belmont. . 53 —
Hannapah ... — 10?Tcn Exten — 11%
MacNamara . 20 21! Ten Fraction.. 2O —
Mtzpah Ex . . — 52' Ton & O W. . — 0 1
Mont Ton. .1 27H 1 3<7Ton of Nev..« 73 7 C«>
Paymaster . . — 10| Ton N 3tar. .29 —
Ray Ton 10 ' — { Ton Midway. . .>; r. 7
London Closing Stocks
Cons money.. S3 15-16! N T Centra* 119>4
Do account 86 I Nor & Western.. M>
Jl nda 3<V - Do pfd 89
Atchison 70-,|Ont & Western.. 21 "4,
T ,J?°- p «u; 03 (Pennsylvania .... 5O?4
Bal & Ohio 8UilRand Mines 9H
J;* n P ac » fl c 1174 Reading 22y,
Ches & Ohio 32 Do 1st pfd 40'i
?%< Y est -- 15^i Do 2d pfd SOVi
Chi .Mil & St P.. US So Railway 21^
£* B "™, »H Do pfd I STH
rL , R!o G -" 2J N!So Pacific 49^1
~ V° P fd 71 | Union Pacifle S4%
"Jf 27* Do pfd 0-T4
Do 1st pfd C5»;!U S Steel liaZ
Do2dpfd 43*| Do, pfd 59^
g Central l-12%;Wabash l»4
\f ui ' * X«h...wm Do Pfd 37
« & Texas... 17^[ Spanish 4s 79
§"* i^er-Quiet. 25 Il-lt3d per ounce.
Money — 3@4 rer cent.
.•oI«. e Jin te . of o dlscouat !n the °P en market for
Km? «- [ }l2J a 3 P* 1 " °« nt a nd for three months
bills 2>ji/33 per cent
| Miscellaneous Markets. 1
Poultry ruled firm at previous prices, rs
ceipts being very light and the market was
bare at the close. Receipts of domestic rtoci
have been very light during the past few days
owing ¦ to the bad condition of the country
roads, which prevented deliveries at shipping
points. The car of Western expected on
Thursday did not arrive until late yesterday
and was held over for Monday's market, when
another car falls due. .The scarcity of Poultry
caused a better demand for Game, and the
light receipts cleaned up quickly at higher
prices. • > ';
POULTRY— Live Turkevs. 16@18c per lb;
Geese, per pair. $2@2 25: Goslings, |i@2 25;
Ducks. $3 50<gt! 30 per dozen for old and lt> 509
7 30 for young: Hens. JK> 3Cig7 50 for large and
55 DOtIG for small; young- Roosters, $7©S;
I old Ri.osters, S3@6; Fryers. $&£«* SO; Broilers,
$5®5 50 for large and 13 5(154 50 for small:
Pigeons, |1 2J.SI 50 per dozen for eld and 12 23
©2 50 for Squabs.
GAMB— Gray Geese. $3 5C©4 per doxen;
White Geese. H 25®1 50; Brant. $2^2 50 for
small and $3 for large: Honkers. *4@3; English
Snip*. »3 60: common Snipe. $1 75^2; Rabbits.
SI ."•C-32 for Cottontails and $lijfl 25 for Brush;
SHare. $1 50.
Poultry and Game.
CHICAGO, March 26. — On the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was steady
creamery. 14!ff24c; dairy., 12Vi©21c. Eggs were
firm at mark: case* Included. ie@16*ic.
Cheese was steady at lOglle.
Butter, Cheese and Ez°s.
LAMB-^FaU. 12M«13c: Spring, 13c.
PORK— Dressed Hcgs. 7©S^c per Ib.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for food, sound
Livestock, delivered In Saa Francisco, lejs 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE — Steers. S©9c; Cows and HeUers.
76^: thin Covrs. 4g3c per lb.
CALVES — l®4%c per lb (jtom weight).
SHEEP— Wethers, 4H$3**c; Ewes, *uy t'ic
p«r lb (gross weight).
LAMBS— 3»48«c per lb.
HOGS — Live Hess. 140 to COO lbs. 5*ifr€c;
ov-r 200 lbs. SKgJHe: soft Hogs. 4%65'ic:
Sow?. 20 oer cent off; Boars. SO p«r e«nt oS.
and Stags. 40 per cent off from above quota
tions.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Grain Bags, S^c spot and 5*ic Juae
; July; San QuenUn $5 40; Wool Bags. 3CS^c".
¦ Fleece Twm-. TH©3c. „, .
! COAL— \v etilnguin. W c*r ton: New Wel
; Unstra. fc<: Seattle. Stt 50: Bryant. W 50: B«a
j ver Hill. $0: Stanford $7: Roalyn. «7: Coos
t Bay. |3 CO; Gr-ta. |7: WaUsend. $7: Richmond.
*« SO; Cumberland, |13 in balk and $H 23 In
«aoks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14:
W«Ish Anthracite Egg $13; Welsh Lump.
*U 50: CanneU IS 50 per ten; Coke. Ill WS1J
per ton in bulk asd $15 tn sacks: Rocky Moun
tain descriptions. 111 45 per 2CCO lbs and *12 80
per long ton, according to brand.
OILS — Quotations ar« for barrels; for cases.
add 5c: Unseed. 49c per gallon for boiled and
47c for raw; Castor OH. In cases. No. 1. 70c:
Bakers' AA. fl 10«l 12: Lueot. 45c for boiled
and 43c for raw; China Nut. CO1J70c per galton:
Cccoanut Oil in barrels. 58c for Ceylon and 53c
for Australian; extra bleached winter Sperm
Oil. S5c; natural winter Sperm Oil. SOe: rxtra
bleached winter Whale Oil. «3c: natural Wrtal*
Oil. 60c; extra winter strained Lard Oil. 73c:
No. 1 Lard Oil. 60c; pure Neatsfoot Oil. 73<-:
No. 1 Neatgfoct OI! 65c: llrtt Herring Oil.
I 45c; dark Herring Oil. 43c :• Salmon 011. 3Sc:
boiled Fish Oil. 40c; raw Fish OIL 3Sc: bol!*d
Pafnt OIL T5c: raw Paint Oil. '33c.
COAL OIL — Water White Coal OIL In bulk.
14c: P»»rl Oil In cases. 2O*ic; AstrsL W»»ic:
Star. MHo: Extra Star 24'~c: Elaine. 26«4c:
Eocene. 23Hc; Deodorized Stcrve Gasotln*. In
bulk. 16c: In ca3»«. 224?: Bearing in bulfc.
13c: In cases WWc: ?aldegre« GasoUne In
1*11*. 25c? In "cases. 31a
TURPENTINE— S4c per gallon In cases and
7Sc In . drums and Iron barrels. .
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. "9
\ 7V.C per lb; White Lead. 7974c. according to
1 quantity.
i SUGAR — The Western Sujfar Reflnlns Com
pany quotes as follows. p*r lb. In 100-lb ba^»:
Cub**, A Crushed and Fln« Crushed. R.«c:
PoTderM 5.50c: Candy Granulated. 5.50c:
Dry Granulated fine. 5.40c: Dry Granu
lated, roarse. 3.40c; Frtiit Granulated. 5.40c:
Beet Granulated <im-lb bags only>. 5-3«e:
Confectioners* A. 5.*0c: Mas^ioHa A. !&:
Extra C. 4.00c: Golden C. 4.80e: "D."
4.70c; barrels. 10c more; half barrel*. 23c mor*:
boxes. 50c more: 50-lb bags 10c more for an
kinds. Tablets— Half barrets, 5.90c: boxes.
6.1:*: H. & E. Crystal Domlnos. 9.40c per Ib.
1 No on^rs tafc»n tar less than seventy-flr* bar
, rels or its equivalent.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR SATURDAY. MARCH 2«.
Flour, qr jks .. 9.P08 ! WooI. bales .... 170 '
Wheat ctls 3.."i40i Screenings, sks.. so
Barley.. ctls 4.OJ3* Tallow, ctls ... 21*
Oats ctls OOJSuiar i»ks ..... 3.000
Rye' ctts • 1.C40; Pelt*. No 1.011
Beans, sks 74! Hides. No. 3a» •
Potato»« sks .. 1..T15! Leather rolls .. 1ST"
Middltnirsi sks.. I.n;oi Mme. bbla 01
Hay tons COOi Paper, reams . . fiTSt
Straw ton* 15! Wine, gals 71.CS0 I
Hops.' bales ..2*;
OREGON.
Flour qr sks .. 4.1S.9?F*e<i sks 1,«16 ;
Wheat, ctls S,049rHops, bales ... 24
Potatoes, sks . . 6.000[
WASHINGTON."
Wheat, ctls 5,642!Oats. ctls 239]
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
.Xm> York Stock and Cotton markets rather higher.
Local Stock market closes the zveck quictlv
exchange rates and Silver as before quoted.
Local Bank Clearings lose $3,868,000 for the zveek.
Wheat m still quiet all over the world.
Local Barley market being manipulated doinmnrd.
Opts, Corn and Rye as previously stated.
Middlings lower. Other Feedstufts unchanged.
.Hay fairly steady, zvith sufficient supplies.
Xo further z-ariation in Beans and Seeds.
Buffer, Cheese and Eggs close zveak and plentiful.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins unchanged.
Hams reduced y 2 c. Bacon and Lard unchanged. Cottolene lower.
Hides, Wool and Hops as before quoted.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs firm. Veal in good supply.
Choice Potatoes firm. Onions plentiful and quiet.
High prices restrict the demand for Asparagus.
Poultry and Game in light receipt and firm.
,' Apples higher and in demand. Oranges dull.
Strawberries from Palo Alto on the market.
p. • S H * H --lS9H!Franklln IVt
Per* Marquette.. 78 Grancy 2*i
™ a Paclflc ---- 82Htl8le Royal. 7fc
Miscellaneous— [Mass Mining 4
Amer Arge Chem. 13*, | Michigan 5
, °» PM 72 iMohawlt 38
Amer Pneu Tube. 3ft! Mont Coal & C. IVi
Arner Sugar 125«4|oid Dominion 13Vi
A Dopfd 123>ij09ceola 5?
Amer Tel A Tel. .124 Parrot 2»tf
Amer Woolen ... 10% Quincy 40
Do pfd 76 Shannon ~V%
! £?" Irca T & s --- SH Tamarack 93
; &1 Elect Ilium... 23* | Trinity 4H
i Gen Electric ....166 lu S Mining. 21 «
Mass Electric... 1S*4|U S Oil 0»?
Do pfd 72V£ Utah 33*4
Jf" 3 G»» 33 Victoria 3Vi
United Fruit 09 Winona 6
Lit Shoe Mach... 47 | Wolverine 71
00 » M 2SHI
CHICAGO. March 26.— CATTLE— Receipts
200. Nominal. Good to prime . steers $3 25©
5 75; poor to medium. $3 «0©3: stockers and
feeders, $2 75(34: cows. $1 73®4 25; heifers
$2 25iB^i 75; canners, $1 75@2 60^ bulls. $2@4 10;
calves. J3ji'J 50; Texas fed steers, $ lg-t 05.
HOGS— Receipts: To-day,' 7000; MondayYlO,
000. 5c higher. Mixed and butchers, $5 20®
5 50; good to choice heavy. $5 4036 50; rough
heavy. $5 2CKt5:45; light, ?ot5 45; bulk jf
sales. S3 25ig3 45.
SHEEP — Receipts. 2000. Sheep and lambs
steady. Good to choice wethers, $4 73<S3 30;
fair to choice mixed. $3 50@4 50; Western
sheep, $4£5 30; native Iambs. $4@5 75; West
ern lambs, $ I'tio 75.
CHICAGO.
Livestock Market.
*1 40@l 60 per'dl; Sweet Potatoes, $3 50 per
ctl; new Potatoes. 2Vi<i3c per lb.
0XI0NS— Yellow. J2#2 50 per ctl for Or
egon and $ I 3C@3 75 (or Australian; Green
Onions. 33-geOc per box.
VEGETABLES — Asparagus. 10^12Hc per Ib
for extra. S@9c for No. 1 and 6<S7c for So. 2:
Rhubarb. &Oc!g?t 25 per box: Green Peas. 4S6c
per lb; String Bean*. 15©17Hc p«r Ib; Toma
toes, $2fJ2 50 per box or crate for Los Angeles
and $1 25<@2 50 for ' Mexican ; Summer Squash
from Los Angeles. per box; Cabbage. |1 10
per ctl; Carrots. 50c per sack; Hothouse Cu
cumbers. $1 5OR1 75 per dozen; Garlic >gluc
peailb: Egg Plant. 15<g20c per Ib; Dried Pep
pers. 5/gSc per lb for Stockton and 10©12Hc
for southern; Dried Okra. 104rl2Vic p*r lb:
Green Peppers. 10rgl5c per.Ib: Mushrooms. l<bf
20c per lb; Marrowfat Squash. l<glHc per lb:
Hubbard. %c per Ib. "
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIJ,; SUNDAY, ¦ MARCH 27, 1904}
NEW TOKK FTOCK LIFT.
Stocks— Sales, ilfrh. Low. Oo«.
Atdiifjfi -3,700 «J»-i «s-; ra
AtchU<^n ptd 100. tw w> 83?;
HalUmor* t OWi.. 3.000 79 7f-«i 7S*;
Bait & Otio pfd... 68*i
AVt? Kor£ Stocks end Bonds.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follow*:' "
BEEF— 7%©Sc for Steers and 7c per Ib for
I fljM|>wlHll ... .
VEAI^-lare?, ' fSS^e: email. *4&0V,c per In
' MUTTON"— Wethers, »JsO10^c; Ewes. S)«
9Hc D*T Ib.
DRESSED MEATS.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
39
AUCTION SALES
WILSON, The Auctioneer,
1710 MARKET ST.
GRAND AUCTION ANN'OUNCEaiX^T.
PALATIAL RESIDENCE.
E. J. TECHAC of Techau Tavern,
His policy at home and In business, erery-
' thins th« best.
we are Instructed to sell, previous t» hi*
departure tor Europ». the household furnish-
ing* and works of 4rt — collected la Euros* by
a critic — to the highest bidder at puolie auc-
tios,
MONDAY. March 2S. 1304.
II o'clock a. m..
On "the eresttaes. 11C2 HAlGHT ST.,
Between Baker and Lyon.
By catalosu*.
House open for inspection Sunday after t
: »- o'clock.
Comprising carpets. Uiroughout Royal Wtl-
ton and English Body Brussels, oil palatines,
mahosany parlor pieces, upright graad plaao.
ccat $750. work** of art. mahorany bedrocm
furniture, laee curtains cotting $40 pair, hair
mattresses and fceddln-.
ALL AT TOUR O'STX PRICE.
A GREAT OPPORTCXITT.
"WILSOX BROTHERS,
Expert Auctioneers and Storare.
SEE THE PICTURES,
"THE QITEEX OP QUEL-
P.1KTK."
Tlie One Woman In Korea ./bo
Caosotl the Present ConOJct
Bctnrecn Japan and Russia.
Does That Surprise You?
Well, Sec the Bi;
EASTER ED1TIOX.
XEXT SUNDAY CALL.THE SAN 'FRANCISCO CALL' SUNDAY, MARCH 27, 190*.
40
REAL E STATE CITY — FOR SALE.
Q. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery st
AUCTION
AUCTION — «¦
AUCTION
of Investment residence and unimproved prop-
erties will be held at our salesroom, 20 Mont-
gomery et. Monday, March 28, 1904, at 12
o'clock noon.
PARTITION SALE.
The four following choice business proper-
ties will be offered by order of the heirs of
the Helena Mersliur estate.
No. JL - '
• BW. cor. Devisadero and Fell sts. ; substan-
tial improvements, store and 3 flats of 4-S
rooms and bath each: rents low at $120 per
month; lot 27:6x106:3.
No. 2.
Devtsadero st. west line, south of Fell St.;
unimproved lot 25x106:3.
No. 3.
1213-15-17 Folsom St.. bet 8th and 9th; 2
stores ar.d flat of 6 rooms and bath; rented
low at $40 per month; lot 22x90.
No. 4.
NW. cor. fith and Folsom sts.; improve-
ments, store, flat of 8 rooms and 4 bouses of
6 rooms each: rented low at $147 per month;
larxe lot 75x75.
CHOICE PARK HOLDING.
NE. cor. Fulton st. and 35th ave.; this hold-
ing will more than double In value in a few
1 years; its close proximity to the new speed
course and Spreckels Lake will make it a very
choice comer; 120x450; mortgage of $4000 at
6 per cent can remain.
'tn .: "¦""-..¦'•¦'; $'.¦•:
i '
I 85ft AVK
1 450
*\ i~~ —
g. on
* - ____
C / m *
* § "
fc
& '
CHOTCE. BUSINESS CORNER.
NW. cor. Fulton and Baker sts.; substantial
modern building containing store and 2 flats
of 8 rooms and bath each; rents low at $122 50
per month: lot 37:6x90:10^.
DEVISADERO-ST. FLATS.
E03-303M; Devisadero St.. near Page; 2 flats
of 6 rooms and bath each; rents $47 50 per
month; a splendid holding to improve for busi-
ness purposes: lot 25x107:6.
SPEAR-ST. BUILDING LOT.
Spear et.. SW. line, bet. Market and Mission:
unimproved lot. S4:4*^xl37:tl; a choice holding
for wholesale purposes.
BRYANT-ST. CORNER.
941-3 Bryant st. and 1-35 White place, bet
7th and bth sts.: Improvements consist of a
number of bouses and cottages from 3 to 6
rooms each; rents Jlss per month; a splendid
holding for factory or warehouse purposes;
large lot, 56:3x275.
M1NNA-ST. INVESTMENT.
604-6 Minna st. north line, near 6th; 4
tenements of 3-4 rooms each; rents ?48 per
month; a splendid holding for speculative pur-
poses; lot 25x75.
VALLEJO-ST. CORNER.
726-8 Vallejo et.. NW. cor. of Vulcan lane,
bet Stockton and Powell bU.; 2 brick build-
lcis of S rooms each; rents $40 per month;
lot 40x65.
: VALENCIA-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
The seven following lots must be sold; terms
one-third cash, balance can remain on mort-
gage at 6 per cent:
Valencia st., east line, bet 10th and 17th;
2 building lots. 32:6x87:6 each.
Valencia st. east line, bet, 18th and 19th;
4 building lots, 25x80 each.
Valencia st. east line, bet 19th and 20th;
building lot 25xS0.
For catalogue and further particulars apply
to G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery st.
C. M. WOOSTER CO.^ 64S MARKET ST.
$95,000— New modern 6-story brick hotel; on
Ellis st, close down town; rents over
$7500; lot 38x120 to rear etreet
$105,000 — 75x1 SO to rear street: two blocks
from St. Francis Hotel, between Geary
and Market sts.
$16.600— Jones et., near Geary; 25x90:0.
$15.000 — Bush st, close to Taylor; 25x137:6.
$2,700 — Modern cottage. 5 rooms and bath;
high basement; lot 25x100; Hampshire
St.. near 20th. ., •'-*;
$11,750 — 3 new modern flats on Clayton St.,
near Waller; lot 25x9C:10H: rents J1380.
$12,000 — Three new modern flats on Ashbury .
! St.. near Golden Gate Park; rents $1320.
$85.000— 50:11x112:0; on Geary st. near Ma-
son; 2 frontages.
$21,000 — Store and 4 flats en Hayes st, near
Franklin; lot 30x120 to rear etreet:
rents low for $1C52. The lot alone is
worth the asking price.
$16,500— Rents $1CSO; 3 ele-rant new modern
flats. 7-8-8 rooms and bath; complete
In all the latest details; on Van Ness
ave.; large lot, 30x105.
$2, ICO — A cozy cottage, 5 rooms; en a La-
guna-st corner; lot 26:8x62:6.
$10.000 — Elegrant modern residence, finished in
the latest up-to-date manner as a home
for the present owner, whoi wishes to go
to Europe; J2 rooms, barn, attic and
finished basement; on Fell st. facing
the Park Panhandle; lot 25x137 :C.
THE BIGGEST SNAP IN TOWN.
$2,750 — Four modern flats, 3 rooms and por-
celain bath each; rented very low for
ft *45O; brick foundation; lot 25x85; a
big turn in this.
A BIG BARGAIN.
$9,500 — Three modern flats of 7 rooms and
bath each; rented low for $1110; lot
25x100; on Broderick st, near McAllis-
ter; $250 spent en these flats would
sell them for $12,500.
$13,000 — Six modern flats, well built; in good
condition ; these are the kind of flats
which always rent; they pay over
$1400; lot 51:Cxl25; one block from
Market Et. / J
C. M. WOOSTER CO.\ 648 MARKET BT.
CALIFORNIA
TITLE INSURANCE AND TRUST COMPANY
410 MONTGOMERY ST.,
MOVED FROM MILLS BUILDING TO MORE
COMMODIOUS QUARTERS IN HAY-
WARD BUILDING..
CAPITAL. ONE MILLION DOLLARS.
THE ADOPTION OF TITLE INSURANCE
of late years by all banks, trust companies,
corporations and the general public, demon-
strates that the system of these companies is
an established and complete success.
CAL. TITLE INSURANCE & TRUST CO.
MANAGES ESTATES. GREAT OR SMALL,
Intrusted to its care, according to the best
judgment cf men . known for Integrity,
shrewdness and business standing. This part
of its cystera Is unequalcd. for no Individual,
however careful. Is equipped for such work
with the ability represented by the com-
bined Judgment of Its board of trustees,
composed of men of business standing.
THE ONLY SAN FRANCISCO TITLE IN-
SURANCE COMPANY having a complete lo-
cality plant or copy of the real estate rec-
ords, conetructed e*p«!laHy-for Insuring real
estate titles like modern * plants of New
York. Boston. Chicago and Eastern cities;
reasonable rates; regular trust company
business transacted under State charter; all
matters controlled and managed by the fol-
lowing
DIRECTORS AND TRUSTEES:
WILLIAM ALVORD.
' President Bank of California.
CHARLES R. BISHOP, |
Vice Pres. Bank of. California.
ROBERT BRIXCE.
Of Balfour, Guthrie & Co.
HENRY L. DAVIS. r
President California Optical Co.
P. N. LILIENTHAL. ¦
• Manager Anglo-Calif ornian Bank.
WARREN OLNEY. •
Olney & OIney, Att'ys and Counselors
CHARLES PAGE.
Page. McCutchen & Knight, ¦ Att'ys
A. T. SPOTTS,
Mcr. 'Cal. Title Ins. and Trust Co
JOHN R. SPRING.
Capitalist, 530 California rst
NELSON. JOHNSON & CO.. "
205 Montgomery st. . ojjp. Mills bldg.
BARGAINS IN REAL ESTATE.
Foreclosure, Probate and Forced Sales of All
Kinds Will /Be Found in Our
UP TO DATE BUYERS' GUIDE.
An illustrated - monthly catalogue, contain-
ing a carefully selected list of cheapest proper-
ties offered on the market in every location.
£end us vour address and we wlh mall you one.
NELSON. JOHNSON & CO..
205 Montgomery at., opp. Mllla bid*. .
i *SjBBTBsTM-asr*a*a*«--nm wrirrrroi iiiiirii ii rai iiiiwniiiiiii ¦¦¦¦ — i^
THE^CALL
Jfrmr P. SPRECKBI-S. Proprietor.
AKrcss ccmnmcaucEs to IDHS KcBADGHT, Maiazcr
W. J. MARTIN BuBlnesn Manager
TELEPHONE.
A f k for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect You With the Department You Wish.
"Publication Offie* Market aad Third. S. F.
JBditorial Room 217 to 221 Steveneon st
JMlvered by Carriers. 20 Cts. Per Week. 75
Cts. Per Month. Single Copies 8 Cents.
Terms by Mail. Including Postage (CaAh With
Order) :
DArBT CALL rinclud. Punday). 1 year... $8.00
"DAILY CALL <lnclud Sunday) 6 root.... 4.00
DAILY CALL — By Single Month 75c
•SUNDAY CALL 1 Year 2.60
WEEKLY CALL 1 Year l-<»
. ~~,~*~ fDailv... $8.80 Per Year Extra
FOREIGN J Sunday. 4.15 Per Year Extra
• " • POSTAGE. 1.00 Per Year Extra
C ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Carcpls Copies will be forwarded when r«-
. quested.
Mall subscribers In orderlcg change of ad-
<re«s should be particular to five both NEW
' AND 6LD ADDRESS in order to Insure a
*prora*pt- and correct compliaacs with their r»-
•* ' OAKLAND OFFICB:
111* Broadway Telephone Main 1C8S
' • ' • BERKELEY OFFICE:
n« Caster Btreet Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
¦ACTZL W. WALL Hotel Barton
KftW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. BrentaB*. SI
Cnfcm Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth- ar»-
pM Hotel and HoSbsaa House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS'
. <Bbsrmaft House; P. O. News Oa.: Great
Northern Hotel; Tremont House; Auditorium
Howl; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATTVB:
C CBOROE KROGNESS..Marquette Building
(L«cg Distance Telephone. "Central 2819.")
KBW YORK REPRESENTATIVB.
Wm-HJSy B. 6MITH 8» Tribune BuUdla*
• KEW YORK CORRESPOND:CNT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
CrsnfESS Oi-TICE of the Baa Francisco
Call corner Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
IPOS 'Market street opposite Fifth; open tontn
• «U • p. tn.
827 Montgomery street corner Clay; open
¦ entll 9:30 p ra.
S00 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
€39 McAllister street; open until 9: SO p. ra.
t:i Larkin etreet; open until 9:80 p. m.
1S41 Mission etreet; open until 10 p. m/
£2«1 Market- street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
306 Eleventh etreet; open until 9 p. m.
1090 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
JCortheart corner Church and Duncan streets;
open '-JKtll 8 p. ra.
"Korttwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky etreets: open until 9 p. tn.
2200 Fillnjore etre*t; open until 9 d. ra.
jlEAIi ESTATE— CITY — : FOIt SALE.
XTON &. HOAG.
116 MONTGOMERY ST.
Eesd for our printed list of property for sale
tn all auctions of the city.
'• - . GOOD PROSPECTIVE VALUE.
SGOOO — Best portion of Devisadero St.; resi-
dence "containing 8 rooms, pcrcelain bath; In
fine eenditien; key lot; abundance of sun and
c l«£it- .
A GREAT BARGAIN.
Turk and Hyde cts.: larsre lot for less than
*.$C0O per front foot; old Improvements, paying
bank icieren now; almost "iO-vara lot.
' £OUTU OF MARKET FLATS.
• fMCO — Near Mission and Sixth sts.; 3-story
building, containing 3 fiats, 4 and 5 rooms
?ach;*rpr.ted low at $50; brick foundation; this j
It a fine-rentlns section. !
•WESTERN AUDITION BARGAIN IN FLATS.
$7000 — Fine 3-story building, containing 3
?.at->. 4. C and 6 rooms and bath each; every-
thing In fine share; flats are wired for elec-
tricity; rested low at J00; on Eddy St., near
rY.lmore.
GUERRERO-ST. FLATS.
• Cll.MW— Submit offer; renting lor $116; 2-
• story building, containing 6 modern flats of 4
end B reoins and bath; on Guerrero St., near
16th: car eervi'-e on* of the finest In the city;
vacancies unheard of; big lot.
• FINE MISSION FLATS.
$C25O— Two fine flats of 5 and 6 rooms and
tiath; brick foundation, good plumbing; newly
•painted; everything In Al condition; renting
Jor $50; lot 27xS*S: Howard st. near 23d.
MISSION HOME.
J2S50 — Hill ft., near Castro; 4 rooms and
bath; 2 additional rooms could be finished in
attic; fine views; a cozy home.
WESTERN ADDITION CORNER.
$20.000 — Corner on Masonic ave.; corner
. building: cor.taininr 3 flnte. 7 rooms and bath
«&'h ; 2 flats en key let, 6 and 6 rooms .and
Jbath: total rent ?1SSO : abundance sun and light
in every fi£t: over TiOOO fouare feet.
FLATS FRONTING PARK.
? JtRQQO — Two new flats of 6 and 7 rooms and
« " bath, facing Panhandle: fine sun and light; lot
ECxlC7:3: less than cost.
SQCTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
Price $5250 — Rented low. $600 per annum;
8-etcry building. 4 apartments, & and 3 rooms;
near Sixth ar.d Fc'.FOm.
.' LTON & HOAG,
116 MONTGOMERY ST.
': UNPUECEDEXTED SALE OF LOTS.
Over 200 Lots Bold In 6 Weeks In Spite of
Kniny Weather.
BAT DISTRICT LOTS IN BIG DEMAND.
S1000 TO $1250 EACH.
$1000 TO $1250 EACH.
$150 CASH. $10 MONTHLY.
$150 CASH. $10 MONTHLY.
Have you been out to the Bay District prop-
erty lately fn/m 1st to 4th aves.. Point Lobos
and C «t. ? Over 200 lots have been sold here
within the last C weeks. Many new buildings
are being started. The property is advancing
In value. Never in the history of the city
have lots sold so fast. Take a car and see
the property and you will understand the rea-
son for the ran'.d Fate.
LYON & HOAG. 116 Montgomery st
~ auction! ~ " '
real estate
— AT—
SAUSALITO.
SATURDAY. APRIL 9, 1904.
On the ground at 2:13 p. m.
22— CHOICE RESIDENCE LOTS— 22.
Fsong Bu'lcley and Kxcelsior avenues. Reade
and El Mont* lane — formerly known as Hotel
Geneva, fattierly El Monte Hotel.
Kor furfner particulars and catalogues ap-
ply to
HENRY STERN
—Of— '
DAVID STERN & SONS
"REAL ESTATE BROKER & AUCTIONEER.
11 MONTGOMERY ST.
$1500— NE. cor. 17th and Noe. block from
Market; 30x91:6: must be sold to settle estate
$3«X>— N. line McAllister, near Broderick :
key lot; exposure as a earner: 25x112:6.
£3000— Manne-vlew lot; NW. cor 17th and
o Lake; 57:CxlOO.
$10.000 — Elej-ant residence; Broadway near
Scott; 11 rooms and bath; 30x122.
i $C500 — Elegant home 207 Central ave.. near
Oak St.; £ rooms and bath; snap.
$$000 — Fell st.. n<*r Clayton: 50x137:6
S2500 — Flirt ave., near Fulton st.- 50x100
$2050— Cheap key lot; south line Hayes st
near Clayton; 25x137:6.
C22.KI0— Northwest corner; transfer point*
€2:6x100: rents $180; new improvements.
$2000 — Fulton st, near Stanyan ; 25x137:6.
$4500— Howard tt, near Eighteenth- 8 rooms
sin a bath.
HENRY STERN of DAVID STERN A SOVS
11 Montgomery trt.. Uck House block. '
B. GETZ Room 22 Chronicle' Bldg.
Owner and Dealer.
New Lots. New Lots.
48th ave., east line, facing the ocean.
Between K and L sts.
Graded ana fenced: ready to build on.
On Eaey Monthly Payment*. •
See them at once. Choice and cheap.
(CO to $400 — Ocean Heights and Boulevard lota.
(300 to $500 — Graded l»tb-ave. Boulevard lots.
1350 to $1000 — Choice Sunset & Richmond lots.
. $75 to $100— Lerel Ocean View lot»;xdty water.
5160 top— New Excelsior Homestead*'lota,
The finest in the district; city water.
S1CC0 to $5000 — Modern hocses and cottages.
Splendid Bargains on Eaey Terms.
Call ct mj office, room 22. second floor.
Chronicle 13uildir.gr.
$ff PER MONTH!
Investigate the City of Richmond, where the
Ptandard Oil Company, Santa Fe Railroad
Company. Southern Pacific Railroad Company
and numerous manufacturing plants are at
•work. "Lots eure to increase in value. AH
'Ifvel. Ms ps fre-e.
RICHMOND LAND COMPANY,
Crocker building, S. F.
"AT a bargain — 6 modern flats in Mission; will
• * pay rood lntercrt on capital invested. Owner.
141 Vlcksburg st. _^
— FINE level lot; near school; must be
sold. Apply 3316 Mission st.
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR 8 ALB.
BALDWIN 4 HOWELL.
25 POST STREET.
$10,250— Fillmore. near McAllister; 3 flats of
6 and 7 rooms and bath each; rents
$65; splendid location for business;
building should be raised and store put
in; large lot, 25x144.
$7,000— Price reduced from $7500 to make Im-
mediate sale; 82:8x65; on Broadway,
near Stockton; with 2 stores and liv-
ing rooms attached and flat above; rent
$56 50 per month. ;¦•.'. '^; f lf
$7,600 — Castro-st corner; business property;
lot 34x80; rents $75; two store* with liv-
ing rooms; flat above.
' $6,C50— Rents $67 60 per month; 8 new flats
of 5 rooms and bath each; within one
' block of Hyde-st cars, close to Jackson
at; all rented; a splendid paying in-
vestment
$19,000— Van Ness ave.; large lot suitable for
new building; size 45x100; old improve-
ments now pay $60 per month.
$12,0W) — Callfornla-st property; down town;
large lot. 40x70; 2 houses; rents $06
per month.
$4,400— Fourth ave.. near California st: lot
25x120; 2-story basement and attlo
residence of 7 rooms; porcelain bath,
etc. ; modern and up to date.
$6,500 — Vermont st, near 22d; splendid pair
of flats, containing 12 rooms and bath;
l"-i blocks to 24th-et cars; lot 25x100.
$7,700 — New residence on Duboce st, opposite
the park; lot 24:8x100; house contains 9
rooms, bath, basement, etc; nice gar-
den.
$9,500 — Rent* $80 per month. $060 per annum:
splendid building containing 15 rooms :
and 2 baths In separate apartments:
of 3 rooms each and one of 6 rooms'
and bath: lot 25x131:8; Shrader st,
near Waller.
$7, SCO— Rents $71 per month; business proper-
ty of 2 stores and 2 flats; large lot 8Sx
87:6; oa car line: street bltumlnlzed; a
jnlendld Investment
$12,f00 — Broadway corner business property; lot
28x62:0; S-story brick building, store,
etc; rents $86. ,
$6,000 — Army st., near Dolores; cottage and 3
flats; rents $47.
$9,500 — Masonic ave.. near Frederick: large
lot 35x106; elegant home, containing 11
rooms, bath, etc.; unsurpassed marine
view; house only 6 months old; must
be eeen to be appreciated.
$9,750 — Rents $9S4 per annum.
New corner building, north of and within 2
blocks of Market St.; ten minutes to City
Hall; 3 elegant flats, Just completed; all rent-
ed and modern In evary respect; marble'
steps; extra light and sunny; property has
never been offered before and is a splendid
Investment.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
25 Post st
PACIFIC HEIGHTS MARINE VIEW
RESIDENCE SITES.
Selling fast — Prices most reasonable, terms to
suit.
Property and etreets "on official grade; sewer
work done.
See the building now going on In block.
Bounded by Vallejo. Green. Broderick and
Baker streets.
Select your building site. For further infor-
mation apply at office.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
j ¦ 25 Post st.
CENTER & SPADER,
11 Montgomery et.. Lick House block.
$25.000— Swell NW. corner, choice location; six
new up to date flats and cottage; rents
$173 per month; extra flne lot, 73x89. '
$21,500— Rents $le5: Mission St.. close to 14th;
six new flats; modern In every detail ;
lot 53x70.
$19,500— Rents $1920; 3 gv-ell flats; Pine st. ln-
elde Jones; particulars at of See.
$11.000— Rents $1200; NE. corner in Western
Addition; 3 well built flats: never va-.
cant; must be Bold; investigate.
$11,500— Noe t?t.. close to Market; new flats,
6 rooms each; rents $1140; flne buy;
. very cheap.
$16,000 — Grand corner on Howard st. ; flats and
store; rented low at $1135; look Into
this; it is cheap; lot 35x122. I
$10.500— Rents $87 50; Ju*t completed; 3 up to
date flats, containing 0 rooms In each
flat; choice location in Mission.
$5,650— Very cheap; Guerrero st; modern
flats. 5 rooms and Uath; rents $45.
$3,850 — Snap; 4 sunny flats on Shipley st,
near Sixth; rents $39; lot 23x75
$3,750— Stockton st., near Sacramento; rents
$23; 2 frontages; must sell; make offer.
$1,930— Snap: Powell st; choice lot; Just the
location for store or flats; 23x70.
$I,C50— Bargain? ; cheapest lot on Church st.
close to ISth-st. cars; lot adjoining sold
last week for $1.500; don't miss this.
DESIRABLE sunny lots, Suitable for flats or
residences; street work all done.
Bryant st.. between 20th and 21st
York St.. between 20th and 21st.
We have only a few left; call and get one
before they are all cone.
One-third cash, balance to suit purchaser.
CENTER & SPADER. 11 Montgomery st.
CHEAPEST and choicest lots in Mission.
Having sold the entire frontace on the
j eaet side of Guerrero St..
' Between 23d and Elizabeth sts..
We now offer a few exceptionally choice
lots acrcss the street .
Sizes 27x110 and 30x103.
Go see them to-day, as the number of lots
Is limited.
CENTER & SPADER, 11 Montgomery st '
HAWKS & SKELTON.
Rents Collected and Entire Charge Taken of
Property.
$20,000 — Larkin st, near Chestnut; 'modern
artistic house of 0 rooms, 2 bathrooms
and billiard room; hardwood floors,- nat-
ural wood finish'; furnace; grand view
from every window; dining-room looks
out on the Golden Gate; 1 block from
Hyde-st. cars; lot 27x137.
$18,C0J> — Sunny lot, with superb view of bay
and- Western Addition; sunset views
magnificent; NW. corner of Larkin and
Chestnut sts.; 56x137.
$7,200 — Marine view lot: Hyde st., near Chest-
nut; 36:8x110; very fine view assured;
, new building each side of It; on Hyde-
st. car line.
$5,000 — Lot SW. corner Larkin and Lombard
sts.; 25x105; flne marine view from
every window; choice location for home
or flats.
$12,000 — 3 new flats, near Haight and Ashbury
sts.; modern every way; 6. 7, 7 rooms;
will rent for $100 or better readily.
i HAWKS & SKELTON, 323 Montgomery «t
It D. CRANSTON & SONS,
114 MONTGOMERY ST ....114
Call or send for our March Catalogue.
$12,000 — Three new substantial, circular bay-
window flats: Al neighborhood; rent
¦ $110; eaet side of street.
$2,600 — Splendid 28-foot lot on Ashbury ist. :
built on both sides; unusually sunny
exposure; bituminlzed street.
$9,750— A bargain; 3 stylish new flats, one
block north of Market st; rented low
for $1050,
$3,750 — Good corner, one block from Pan-
handle; bituminized streets.
$7.000— Six well-built flats, near Third st,
backing Howard; .will net 10 per cent
now ; prospective lot.
$6,500^Fi)lmore St.; 4 flats; rented steadily
for $G8.
$6,000 — Cozy Western Addition home beside
one of the city's most beautiful public
parks: 8 rooms and bath; 2 years old.'
$10.500 — Near the -Fairmont- Hotel; 2 sub-
stantial houses, well rented, reduced
from $12.00.0;. owner anxious to sell /
$7,000 — Two fine new Panhandle fiats; rented
• under lease for $t'O a month; north side,
one block from Ha lent.
FOR Jsale — Lot 2T>xlOO; 25th ave. and Point
"LobBs " $500
Lot. 25x120; 21st ave. and California St.. 300
Lots. NW. cor. 2Sth and Sanchez; 2 lots
30x114.- facing 28th st; each... 800
One lot, 25x100, facing Sanchez........ 800
Corner lot, 39x100 15(30
Lot, 55x114, north side 25th, bet. Diamond
and Douglass nuo
2 new flats. 5 and 6 rooms; Cole st. above
Stanyan ; lot 2fixl'57:S Y. ..... 6500
Cottage,'" rooms and bath: modern; three '
blocks from Park : 25x100 '. 870Q
Cottage, 5 rooms and. bath; 8-foot base- *
ment; brick foundation; in perfect con-"'' "
dition: lot 30x75 .'.... 4000
Lot 25x100; Lyell Bt, bet Bosworth and
Rotteck.
G. A. LEROUX. Real Estate and Insurance
' 29 New Montgomery, opp.. Palace Hotel."
$6500 — MISSION < piece; rents - $700 per year*
must be sold; electric cars pass the prop-
erty; improvements all in good order* can
buy this property cheap.
$1250— Fine corner on Clement nt, in the Rich-
mond District, cheap: level; street graded
sewered and macadamized; this is a
choice investment. .
$1300 — Will buy a large corner on .- 15th ave
South San FranclscO; main thoroughfare -
close to electric - cars. • • -, ¦
¦ ' ¦ ¦ McEWEN BROS.. 118 Montgomery st
GREATEST REAL ESTATE OPPORTUNITY
> OF TO-DAY.
POINT RICHMOND. .'
LOTS >-• -. $5. PER MONTH.
McEWEN .BROS.. . 118 ' MONTGOMERY ' ST.
$1400— COTTAGE,' 6 rooms, hath; near FoN
som-et. cars; $150 cash, bal. $15 mo.
L MISSION REALTY : CO., 2 29th st.
•JL-P.A?-'— ' ESTATE— .CITY-— FOR iAlB.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO,
C3S MARKET ST.
AUCTION
AUCTION • -
TTT^AT .;.,... A y.?7. I . ON ..M.rch. 29. 1004
'.»»: At our salesrooms at 12 o'clock noon.
„_, PINE-STREET RESIDENCE. - -
. 20< n. Pine et, e*st of Devisadero; a most
aesirabie 2-story residence, containing 6 rooms
and bath and renting for $35 per month; mort-
fc-are of $3500 can remain
.-.-¦¦< TURK-STREET INVESTMENT.
822 Turk st, east of Gough st; extremely
large lot. 38:9x87:6; substantial improvements:
-'-story house . containing 17 large rooms and
. AU rentl »«f for $75 month and mortgage of
$6000 can remain . ,
ASHBURY HEIGHTS BUILDING LOT.
Easterly line of Lotta st, 100 feet south of
Parnassus et; lot 25x101; this property Is
beautifully situated < and commands an ex-
cellent view.
PINE STREET." NEAR HYDE.
N. line of. Pine st. No. 1312; Improvements
consist of a desirable residence, 8 spacious
rooms; new modern plumbing; porcelain bath,
etc. .
MISSION COTTAGE.
217 Montcalm - sti, near Isabelle; large lot,
60x70 ft; beautiful C-room cottage, outbuild-
ings, barn, chicken-house, etc.
WALLER-STREET BUILDING LOT.
N line of Waller st., 23 it. west of Belvedere;
lot 25x100. This lot is Mutated near the Park
Panhandle District and Is a particularly de-
sirable site for building purposes.
EMISSION RESIDENCE.
Easterly line of Howard St., south of 20th,
known as 2417 Howard st; extremely large
{-rounds; 62 feet by 122:6; a most beautiful
residence thereon. 14 rooms, porcelain bath;
new plumbing throughout; place heated by
gas and furnace. .
OCEAN BEACH BUILDING LOTS.
Westerly line of 47th ave., 100 ft S. of K
»t.; 10 .building lots. 25x120 ft each; these
lots may be purchased by small cash pay-
ments, balance monthly; streets graded: lots
ready for building; an unobstructed view of
the ocean. . ; ¦ ¦ ¦
FILLMORE- STREET INVESTMENT.
Nos. 3114-16-^8 Fillmore St., near Green-
wich; lot 32:6x82:6; Improvements, 2 stores
with living rooms and a large concert or lodge
room above, known, as Union Hall; stores
rent for $12 each per month; hall rented al-
most nightly at $5 per night
CASTRO-STREET. BUILDING LOT.
East line of Castro st, 71:6 S. of Army st:
lot 25x118 ft.; this property Is in a delightful
portion of the Mission and would make a de-
lightful site for a residence.
For further particulars apply to ¦
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
'•¦ 638 Market street
EASTON, ELDRIDGE ft CO.,
638 MARKET STREET
$40,000 — Apartment house, club or hotel site;
00 feet frontage; between Polk and Van J
Ness ave.,. on a. street north of Sutter; j
large holdings of this nature are ncarce. >
$27,000— Turk St.. near Van Ness ave.; 55 feet I
frontage, through to rear street. J
$23,000 — Bush st, near Polk; 50x120 feet,
through to rear street; cheapest piece
In this reighborhood. j
$20,000 — Nine new flats that pay .$2016 per-i
annum; 4-5 roums, porcelain bath;
modern in every respect; on a corner
near Duboce Park. I
$20,000 — Mcntgomery-ave. investment; extreme- |
ly large area of ground; well- situated; j
nominal Improvements renting for $00 '
per month; a most valuable property
for little money.- !
$19,500 — $2160 per annum; 6 brand new flats,
5-6 rooms, porcelain bath each, ; most
unique designs -of architecture; key lot.
37:0 frontage; located near Park Pan-
handle; every flat- rented to an excel-
lent tenant.
$18,000 — Montgomery ave., near Kearny st,
54-foot frontage; Improvements two
: stores with basement and three flats;
total rents J""145 per month.
$10,500— North line of Post st. near Van Ness
ave., 55x137:0, with large residence;
could be lmpro\-ed. using present Im-
provements to good advantage.
$13,000— Corner; 75-foot frontaBe on Devlsa-
dera st, close to Ellis; a bargain.
$14,500 — Turk st., near Laguna; 3 new modern
flats. 8-9-9 rooms and bath; perfect
beauties; rents $160 per month. ;
$13,250 — Steiner-st. flats, near Geary: 3 6well i
and brand new C-7 rooms each; rents .
i $113 per month. . i
$9,0C0 — Spruce st, near Clay; residence, 12 !
rooms and bath: finished basement;
rented at present at $C0 tiier month.
$6,0C0 — Two elegants flats, 4-5 room? 1 and
bath; Fell st.. directly opposite Park
1 Panhandle: rented permanently.
$5,750 — Rents $7CS per annum: 6 tenement
flats south of Market Bt; flrst-clacs
•steady tenants; pay ¦ promptly In ad-
vance: two frontages; a good and safe
' Investment.
$3,500— Two Mission flats, 3-4 rooms i each,
porcelain bath; rents $40 per month;
$1CCO cash . balance payable monthly. j
$2.000 — Cottage of 5 rooms, near Taylor and
Green sts.; beautiful marine view.
MADISON •& BURKE,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
ESTABLISHED JANUARY. 18.13.
SO Montgomery st... ...... .Opposite Lick House
$19,000 — Devisadero st: store - and flats: lot
30x82:0; new building: rent $150. ¦
$30,000 — Injclesld? business property; -on Third
«t.; rent $22S0 per annum.
$7,500 — Sacramento it. north line, near
Steiner; O-roorn house. In flne condition;
this Js a nice home.
$13,500— Thirteenth Ft., near Market; 6 flats;
annual rents $1284; lot 50 feet front
i $12,000 — Post st. ; two large, well constructed
houses; very large lot.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
$9,000 — C flats and store below; near Sixth
and Brannan sts.; rent $S6 per month;
new building.
$S,OCO — Ashbury St., near Frederick; a flne
large 10-room house; near the park;
bllllard-room, finished attic and all
modern conveniences.
$5, 000— Cottage and lot; Barhett st. near'
Twenty-firxt; 6 . rooms and bath; all
latest improvements.
LOTS— —
$10,800— Half 50-vara, 68:0x137:6; Broadway,
near Fillmore at.; grand marine view.
$9,000 — Steiner st, near Geary; 2 lots, 55x
137:6 feet
$4,500 — Chattanooga St., near Twenty-third;
• large lot' 05x117:6 to rear street
$2,500 — Dolores st, near Twenty-third;' 25-
foot lot running to street In rear; must
seli to close estate.
$10,750 — Page st. : 2 up-to-date flats. 6 and 7
/ . rooms and bath; annual rent $900.
Lots 27:6x137:0, on Sutter st, between Steiner
and Pierce. £'•;*¦ v>:
Building lotn, northeast corner Golden Gate
ave. ar.d Baker St.; in sizes to suit;
/ prices from $2000 upward.
Three lots, each 27:6x137:6, on south line of
Geary st, near Fillmore. .
**"- '
MADISON A BURKE.
80 Montgomery et.. opp. Lick House.
HBADQUARTER8 FOR PARK LOTS!
Incomparable "Oceanside DIat." Lots!
$500 to $1200! Easy Terms!
Your Choice in New Blocks. On Official Grade.
On H st.. Fronting the Park, v
Unobstructed View of Park and Ocean. ;
Has Positively the Best Future In This City
For Home Sites or Speculation.
Over. 300 Lots Sold in a Few Months.
Many Physicians Among Our Purchasers.
Who Recommend District' for "CUmatlo
" ' Reasons."
Best of Evidence From Hundreds of Owners
Residing . There.
All Bargains! See Them To-day!
Get -On! -Cars Corner H st. and 47th ave.
Oceanside Branch Offices, Corner 7 H st. and
Forty-seventh . ave. ¦ and Corner K st
and. Forty-ninth ave. Open ¦
Sundays and Holidays. '
$75 to $250 — Near Park, Ocean and Spreckels
L" ,..-,;'.,- , ' T Jl If *
Superb View! - $5 Monthly.,
$150 to $150— Level Excelsior Homestead Lots.
$5 Monthly. , -
$1200 to $3500— Modern Cottages In Sunset
Oceanside, \ Richmond and Excelsior Home-
stead. Easy Terms!
Sunset Branch Office on Oth ave., near H st.
SOL GETZ St. SON Owners and Dealers,"
Room 54 (4th floor). Chronicle building.
JOSEPH STRAUB, G30 Market st
?360d— 2-story house, store. 4. rooms; lat
above, 5 rooms and bath; stable. ' -
, $2250—2 . flats of 4 rooms each.
$5500— 2-story house. ' 8 rooms, bath, base-
ment; near Halght and Broderick. *•&&*&*£&*¦*
?."500 — Very . nice home ¦ of - » .-ooms, ba'i. ;
vicinity Frederick st. and Tremont- ave.
$5000 — NE. cor.rSd.and Bryant ave.; 5 cot-
tages; stable; plenty room tor flaw ; ; 5(»x»0. f
MUSTi sell; make an offer: I cottage,'. 5 ; rooms
at 166 West Park st; $1500.
$2S00— Cottage, 7 ¦ r. . & b., new, on West
Park st; 2 lots on West Park st; $500 each.
D. COFFIN & CO.. 3303 Mission st. '
$3000 — 2 LOTS : i Seventeenth :. st. : " 2 .: frontages :
sell • or exchange ' city-: property. - ; Box 4133,
Call office.
REAL ESTATE— CcumUj Vor 1-alo.
W. J. W^HITE.
CHICKEN RANCHES K VKR YWHZRJLi
EXCHANGES. \
$15,500—103 acres; all level; 1 mils of towa:
Contra Costa County; elegant U-room house; 2
large barns; 7 poultry houses; 2 Urge gran-
aries; income about $404)0 a year; best rancH
in the county.
$30,000 — Klamath Co.. Southern Oregon; bor-
dering tin Blx Klamatb Lake; 3000 acres* cut
about 44U0 tons of hay annually; also larg*
quantities of grain; well fenced and cross-
lenced; good 8-room residence; farming imple-
ments; lu horses; 3 good barns, etc.
»10,OCO— In Sonoma Co. ; SOW acres well fenced
In 3 Be Ids; bouse; U Urge barna; dairy bouse:
well watered: SUO acres tillable: all level; 2*
acres 8-year-old orchard; 5O head cattle; _u
hogs; farming implements, etc; $3ouo mort-
faice; trade for bay property.
$•.•7.001'— In Placer Co.. on R. R.— 1680 acres,
part river bottom, all can be ploughed; carry
4W> head cattle year round; dwelling : 3 good
barns: farming implements; 0U head cattle: 13
head bcrses; plenty water to irrigate; part cash.
*-)5Co — Scld by order of Superior Court 10SO
acres, near Point Arena. 20U acres flne potato
la.nd; auple orchard; 50O acres more could b»
planted; SW> acres heavy timber; well im-
proved and fenced; fine dairy or stock ranch.
$M00— Best ranch In Southern Oregon; X»
acres; 2 sets coca improvements; well fenced;
orchard; 6 horses: farming tools; outside range.
fJiiO — Only *> miles of town. 1U acres; 10
acres old vineyard; family orchard; 60 acres
clover or alfalfa; under 3 ditches; larse new-
barn; will build dwelling to suit buyer; 10
flne milch cows; farming implements; only
$1CCO down.
$2500 — lto acres near boat and cars, Sonoma
Co.; good 6-room house; vineyard, orchard,
barn, outbuildings, horses, cow, poultry, $200;
Job can be had with th« place. •
$2500 — One mile P. O.. schools and stores:
235 acres: 40 level; 10 could be irrigated:
house, large barn, outhouses; well fenced and •
cross- fenced; 160 hens; new buggy, wagon,
farming too'.s; some stock; 8 wells; water piped
to buildings; furniture.
$1300 — Two and a half miles live town ani
R. R.: 400 acres; 40 in grata on creek; about
100 acres more bottom land; 10 aeres full bear-
ing, orchard; balance timbered pasture; house,
barn, etc; Cce place tor resort or sanitarium:
not far from city.
$£000—3 miles of Santa Otis; 4T acres; IS
under cultivation, balaae* flae pasture; 865
airorted fruit Uses; 1500 grapes; windmill and
tank; water plp«d to buildings and yards;
splendid 8-room hard-flnlshed house. goo<i
stable and poultry houses; span good horses: 2
cows; 7 dosen hens: single aad double baggiest
and harness; hay; farming tools aad furniture;
trade for No. 1 property around bay.
$2690—1110 acres. S miles of Napa City. 3
miles P. O.; 30 acres under cultivation; 15
aeres full bearing fruit; IS acres fin* grain;
65 acres more could be euttl*rated; balanc*
broken and rocky; bouse, barn, poultry houses.
Incubator, brooders. 2 wagons. 2 carts, hors*.
cow, poultry, tools.
$3000 — 160 acres, at station aad near Santa
Cruz; 35 acres dear: orchard: 10-room housa;
outbuildings; mortgage $2000; trade equity.
$3500 — Near San Jose; 14 acres bearlna; fruit,
mostly prunes; facilities for Irrigation; build*
$3250 — 28 acres sandy loam, only 2V» miles et
Fetaluma; house. 5 rooms and bath; part casX
$750 — Gold mine, wlta 80-foot shaft aad fln*
body of ore In sight. El Dorado Co.; assays
$14 a ton: would exchange f.or vacant lot
•2500 60 acres; 5 miles from Saata Crux; 20
acres under cultivation, balance rolling and
scm* steep; small orchard and vineyard, bear-
ing; good 7-room house, barn, outbuildings;
bank foreclosure; $500 down aad balanc*
monthly payments If desired.
$3500 — Near Petaluma: 13 acres; «-rooni
house; good outbuildings; tools; wagon and
horse; 10 poultry houses; 400 hens; 2 Incuba-
tors and brooders; a money-maker.
$1600 — Clese to Sebastopol: 8 acres, 4 acres
bearing blackberries; family orchard; good
well; runalng water: flne Jersey cow; spring
wagon* harness: tools; furniture.
$4500— Near Sebastopol: 24 acres; alj torsi:
2 Cowing strtams; 6 acres apples; « acres
blackberries; nice 8-room house, barn; drying
plant: outbuildings; horses; farming tools; ru-
ral delivery.
$225ft— 10 acres, all in apricots Just com-
mencing to bear: 6 miles from San Jos*; lovely
home; half cash.
$17C0 — In Sonoma City: 3H aeres; all level;
good house, barn, windmill, tank home; 13
poultry houses and yards; some alfalfa; sprlag
wagon; 5C0 chickens; feed house.
3end stamp for printed list.
W. J. WHITE. 2« Montgomery st.. room 3.
PROPERTY EXCHANGES A SPECIALTY..
$10 PER acre for 500-acre tract tn Fresno
County; not far from railroad station: this
is a bargain. McEWEN BROS.. IIS Mont-
gomery rt.
¦ THE demand for sood country property ex-
ceeds our supply; If you want to sell your
place, list It with us. CHATFIELD & VLN-
ZENT. 228 Montgomery st. S. F.
SHASTA County— 320 acres dairy, fruit and
vegetable land: $16C0; good market; no ma-
laria; school on the farm. T. J. HENDER-
EON. Elena, Cal.
SEND for catalogue "California's Choicest
Acrej." WILLIAM P. WRIGHT. Mountain
View. Santa Clara County. Cal. .
DON'T be too late Investing In this city; rail-
road and boom coming. Se« W. T. BON-
STELL. Eureka. Cal.
$100— 2Vx ACRES of choice fruit, table or wine
grape land: Sacramento County. Address
box 13. Gait.
FOR sale or to leaae — Nearly five acres, crop,
improvements. Address H. N. ROYDEN,
223 Main st. Pan Mateo.
SAM MATEO HUAL ESTATB.
SAN MATEO 8AJ* MATEO
THE FINEST SUBURBAN RESIDINCa
DISTRICT NEAR SAN FRANCISCO^.
We have a choice list of excellent residence
properties, villa sites and acreage. Don't fail
to see us before buying. Investigate San
Mateo Park. The ideal property of them aiL
Lots of about one acre each. Easy terms.
Bound to be most valuable. Se* our local
agent Frank S. Grummon. Sao Mateo office
open Sundays.
BALDWIN it HOWELL. 23 Post st
SAN MATEO. BTJRLINOAME.
Best suburban homes near San Francisco; no
ferry: electric railroad now running; lots anil
residences for sale; we can sell good lots as
low as $500 each: we will be glad to show
them; we also have some acreage land near
by as low as $100 to $200 per acre.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
1C8 Montsomery st, San Francisco.
Resident anent. S. G. GOODIIUE, Western
Union Telegraph building. San Mateo.
POINT RICHMOND REAL ESTATE.
ALTA PUNTA TRACT.
Stege; on Santa. Fe «Iectrie road; $270 per
acre; building lots $1CO; orchards and buUd-
Ings $400 per acre; monthly payments; sen<t
for maps. HAIGHT, 401 California st.S.F.
REAL ESTATE TO BICUANGK.
$2O.~0CO CLEAR."""'" ""'^ "™~ """"""'"" -¦- Lnj^ r - nr '-"-'-'u>-'-
300O acres orange land In . Florida ia *x-
change for a California home; bay counties.
WM. P. TODD. 1070 Broadway. Oakland.
$10,000— FINE resort, hotel property and fur-
niture clear, to exchange for Oakland or Saa
Francisco property, clear. J. R. RICHARDS*
Hotel Brokers Co.. Mills bldg. 8th floor.
HEAL ESTATE WASTED.
CASH for real estate and business propositions
if sold reasonable aad they will bear Inspec-
tion, regardless of location; writ* frea book-
let F. B. RANGER, Marietta, Ohio.
WANTED— Thoroughly improved fruit raach;
5 to 10 acres; must b* in good location anil
a bargain. Box 4045. Call.
0. 7 OR 13 furnished rooms as payment for
Berkeley property. Box 4071. Call."
ALAMEDA ADVEETIS'MENTS
. ALAJ1EDA REAL BSTATB.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANT,
1500 PARK 8T.. ALAMEDA,
the greatest list of bargains ever
offered for sale,
remarkable: values. easy terms.
houses and lots in all parts o»
alameda at prices away
below cost.
DON'T FAIL TO CALL ON US. {
$1.150 — 5-room cottage; large lot; a snap.
$1500 — 5-room house; good lot; must be sold.
$2400 — Fine 5-room. 2-story house; lot 50x127-
a rcreat bargain. *
$2500 — 5-room, modern colonial cottage: new
$'M0O— 5- room. cottage; lot 25x120; Alameda
ave.
$•"000— 6-room cottage; lot 40x100; good value
$05<j0— 7-room house; very convenient and de-
sirable.
$4200—8 rooms aad bath (foreclosure)- beau-
fully arranged.
SEE OUR BARGAINS — INSPECT OUR
HOMES.
-$4750— Elegant corner lot; 8 r. and b.* new
i a snap.
POSITIVELY MUST BE SOLD. -
10 rooms and bath; best corner lot in Ala-
meda: lot 75xlS7:«; cost $22,000; will be sac-
rificed, as owner. is leaving -country; see this
ONLY $10,000.
A GOOD SPECULATION^ AN IDEAL HOME^
THE HKST LOCATION. " UJ1^
APPLY ALAMEDA LAND COMPANT.
| 1500, PARK ST.. ALAMEDA.
TEL. ALAMEDA 41>0.
H.EAL ESTATES — CITY FOB - SALE.
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEBS A CO.;
218-220 MONTGOMERY • BT.
$10,000— McAllister st; 3 new flats; pay 10
v per cent; 9 rooms and bath each; lot
feet •
$48.000— O'Farreli-st. corner; near ' town; 8
frontages; Improvements. 3-story frame;
.„ l rents 1160 per month. .
$6,000— Sixteenth st., cor. of Church; fln*,
_Ievel building lot 73 feet front.
$11,000— Jackcon-st. residence of 11 rooms and
bath; modern in every way; . lot 25x
127 :SM f«ct. ,
$6,760— Rents $738 per annum; 2 new flats;
Frederick st.: 6-6 rooms and bath; lot
25x137:6 feet; bargain. ¦
m 'JL NEAit FAIRMOUNT HOTEL.
97.600 — Sacramento at., near Mason, opposite
the Flood residence; grand lot to lm-
/ prove; would pay handsome return.
¦ J ELLIS ST., NEAR POLK.
$15,000— Ellis st, north side, east of Van Ness
ave.; fine lot, 27:6x120 leet to rear
.',., «.« Btreet: a -story residence and rear house.
f.1.250 — Jackson-st. corner. Presidio Heights;
elegant modern residence of 11 rooms, 2
baths; flret floor, library, double par-
lors, dining-room, beamed celling, pan-
eled oak, hardwood floors, etc. ; four
bedrooms and 2 bedrooms In attic; lot
..,_ 37:«-tl-i7:8U ttvt; grand marine view.
$<,< 00— Reduced Irom $S>500; Sutter st, near
Gough; substantial residence of 8 rooms
and bath; lot 25x110 feet; a great bar-
gain.
$5,750 — Clay st. n-car Webster; residence of 9
rooms and bath; lot 25xlO2:4H feet; lot
Is situate on a corner of a public al-
ley; llght'and sun on three sides.
$17,500 — Van Ness ave.. near Vallejo st; beau-
tiful modem residence; every conven-
ience; first floor; large reoeption hall,
.living room, dining-room, in oak, but-
ler's pantry, kitchen, etc.; 4 bedrooms,
2 baths; attic has 3 bedrooms; lot 40
feet front; permit at office.
$3,250 each— Filbert «t. near Scott; magnifl-
» cent marine view; lots 27:exl37:6 feet
each, and corner 65x137 '.6 feet :.-
$7,500 — Jackson, near Central ave.: grand key
_ ¦• I°t 60x127:8)4 feet; ready to build on.
$10,600 — Hyde st.. near Sutter; flne residence
of 10 rooms snd bath; rents for $50 a
month.
$18,000 — Franklin* st, near Pacific ave.; new
2-story residence about 1 year old; large
drawing-rooms, reception hall, hardwood
floors and tiled, grates; Spanish cedar
wainscoting, beamed ceilings, butler's
pantry, kitchen, etc.; 4 bedrooms, large
closet, bath, etc.; beautifully finished;
2 servants' rooms; basement' contains
laundry, storeroom, etc.; lot 27:6x92
feet; full particulars at office.
$11,000 — Mason st, near Vallejo; 3-story brick
building of flats, 4-5 rooms; 7 tenants;
rents $H7; lot 48:9x100 feet; only half
of lot Is Improved; tenement could ' be
| ;.; built in rear, which would double the
. rents. i
| $3.000 — Webster st, near Clay; flne residence;
i V.->::, 0 rooms and bath; laxKe basement: now
I renting for $50; key lot. 25:8^x100 feet;
will sell on easy terms; full particulars
at office.. . • . • *
i $15,600 — Rents. (141 60 a month; S new flats,
1 7-8-8 rooms and bath; Sacramento st.
near Fillmore: lot 23:9x132:3*4 feet;
new flats. . •
| $5,250— Natoma St., near Ninth; 4 flats; rents
I $50; this property is in excellent condl-
1 tlon; all good, prompt-paying tenants;
i . no repairs necessary; no danger of. va- i
cancies; a good, safe buy;' lot 25x75 feet. '
$17,000 — Second-st. corner, near Harrison; .70x [
95 feet: flne site for factory or ware- !
I house purposes. j
I $12,500 — California st, near Hyde; . frame im- I
provements; lot 60x110:6 feet; hand- i
some location to improve.- , . ]
$5,250 — Moss St., bet. Sixth and Seventh, near |
Folsom: 2 flats, 5 and 6 rooms and bath;
rents $40: lot 24x280 feet. !
Get a copy of our printed list of properti&« I
! for sale.
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO.,
Real Estate Agents,
.218-220 Montgomery st
UNITED BANK AND TRUST OCMPANY
(Rerfl Estate Department).
236 Bush st, . Mills Building.
MARINE VIEW FLATS.
$8500 — Two new modern up-to-date |
flats with high basement that ! can be
turned into a flat at small expense; I
these flats command an unobstructed ,
view that can never be shut off; present I
rents $65 per month. :
INSIDE WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.' j
$10,500 — Three modern flats of 4-5-C :
rooms and bath each; within walking
distance of town; close to Jefferson i
square; rented very low at $90 per j
month; this is a snap.
WESTERN" ADDITION FLATS.
$20,OCO— Four up-to-date modern flats
of 8 rooms and bath each; situated j
close to Van Ness ave. and Geary st: I
rents $167 60 per month.
THIS SIDE OF O'FARREliL AND POLK STS.
$22,000— Large lot ..with two front-
ages ; fair improvements, now paying
' $160 per month; this property has flne !
future. i
, _____ ¦ • i
LARGE HOME NEAR CARHOUSB. . !
$3000 — Modern 2-story house of 9 j
rooms and bath; near carhouse; 24th t
and Potrero ave.; terms can be ar- ;
ranged. .-::; : -;>-
FINE BUILDING CORNER. WESTERN AD-
DITION.
$15.000 — Large lot 75x90. on corner
of two car lines; Western Addition;
this Is on two main business i streets J
and would be an Ideal location for |
stores or flats. • • ,
CHINATOWN PROPERTY.
- . -• $3000— Lot and old. Improvements; !
20x60, with two frontages; renting now i
for $30 per month; at small expense ;
building can be erected on vacant part j
of land that would .bring In an addi-
tional $30 per month, making a total
of $60 per month.
NEW FLATS SOUTH OF MARKET. .
$S0O0 — Four up-to-date flats of 4-S
rooms and bath each; good location:
steadily rented for $76 per. month;
large lot; this Is new property.
For further particulars regarding any of the
above inquire at
UNITED BANK AND TRUST COMPANY.
£ Mills Building.
Entrance. , 236 Bush st
F. B. SURRYHNE,
REAL KSTATE AGENT.
13S MONTGOMERY ST.
$750Q — Bargain; must be sold; . handsome
north corner; best part of Western Addition;
fine two-story bay-window residence, 8 rooms
and bath; lot 26x100; mortgage of $5000 can
remain if desired. . .
56250— Near Oak and Scott; 2 nice flats, S
and 6 rooms and bath; rents $60.
$7000 — Near Haight and Webster; 2 flats, S
and 6 rooms each; rents $50.
$5900 — Reduced from $7000; must be sold;
Vallejo st. close to Van Ness ave. ; fine two-
story bay-window residence, 11 rooms and
bath; large mortgage can remain if desired.
$8500 — Near Mission and 14th; 3 substantial
flats, & 6 and 7 rooms and bath each; rents
$75 per month; lot 25x116; an excellent prop-
osition.
$6600 — Near Market and Sanchez; grocery
corner with flat above; total rental $60.
$9000— California st. near Larkin; substan-
tial house, 0 rooms and bath; lot 25x87:6:
mortgage of $6500 can remain If desired; a
good buy. ¦
$6500 — Page st. near Devisadero; substan-
tial residence, 7 rooms and bath; lot 25x
137:6;- mortgage of $4000 can remain if de-
sired; must be sold.
$17.000— Rents $127 CO; near McAllister and
Fillmore; S handsome modern flats of 7 rooms
each.
, $4650 — Close to Valencia and Thirteenth; 2
substantial flats of 4 ar ' 6 rooms and bath
each; rents $40.
Get one of my monthly catalogues giving
particulars of property for sale in all parts
of the city. '-; /;V it'tv'-V^j;
'V FROM $1400 TO $4500.
BUILDING LOTS.
CLOSE TO HAIGHT AND BAKER STS.
Lots fronting Buena Vista Park. Waller and
Devisadero sts.: ready to build on; all street
work done: In the heart of a finely improved
district; easy terms can be had; don't fail to
see these lots before making a purchase.
McAFEE BROTHERS,
108 MONTGOMERY ST.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS.
Lot on north side of Jackson st. near. Lo-
cust; 23x127:8; beautiful uninterrupted marine
view: only $4000; adjoining lots asking $20O
per front foot • ¦
SUNNY MODERN FLATS.
On Clay st, near Baker; 6 and 7 rooms, at-
tic and basement: rented for $75. per month;
lot 25x127; price reduced from $0000 to $8500.
COLONIAL FLATS.
Two new pretty flats, 8 and 6 rooms, finely
finished throughout; , beamed ceilings in hall.i
and- dlninr-rooms; marble -steps, etc.; large
lot. 28x100; on Willard st, looking into Golden
Gate Park: one block west of Etanyan, near
Frederick. ,
MISSION RESIDENCE,
- Between 18th and 10th. near Guerrero; largf>
house of 12 rooms; lot 60x114; rents for $40;
price $7000, or will sell 38 . feet and house for
$5500. V '
RICHMOND COTTAGE..- V
Fronting, on new park, from Golden Gate
Park to Presidio: 6 rooms and "bath: lot 25x
127:6; price $3000.
. BARGAIN. 1
5-room cottage, with bath: In good condition;
Holly Park Tract; reduced from $1400 to $11CO
to make Quick tale; .irii-st-: be sold in the next
few days; rented for $12 per. month.v
Two flne lots on Sacramento st, in Presidio
Heights. 54x127 :8.*: only $4200. • .
Send for list of cheap, lots in air parts of
the city. ---• - - - . .
McAFEE BROTHERS, = - -'
108 MONTGOMERY ST.
REAL ESTATE— CITY FOR SALE.
• lOTi IN THE CITV g Jj£
Vto,fb*m Rs^wCsrwre Co* I !|
_ J13 CauFOHni^ Jt tlaZp £ J>
iSOo -ro *'6Sio *** tor. I soQf 5 .'•*
' .-.o»-o t 'P
i% ' M fr?TS?
o Ih boo ; C.«
° 1$
— -CAWt-ST- ..A-V».5owKr*<tE-eiE-C.O»RS--
rftANjre« • L n h n
n»or% (7 o l i-
MAiftrrri-i-; r M • _¦ fc T
Uw on • • I u 2
THt * • j * *• H
CORNER h '**~ t O
Av\Son«c _ p_ JJ t *
Avewe. / • I ,xs k
: I "j h
•• ¦ • • p
o t;
J3J r U *I "-'"Wj*! /o ° S
Pabna s~~- av> ' I
VON RHEIN R-'AL ESTATE COMPANY,
r> v ¦ 513 CALIFORNIA ST.
VAN NESS AVENUE CORNER.
68x125; a corner in the most desirable por-
tion of Van Ness avenue.; in one or two lota.
NEW BRODERICK-ST. FLATS. ¦" < *
$8750-30x103; Broderick st, near Oreen: 2
splendidly constructed new flats; marine rlrw;
renting for $75 per month.
CORNER STOCKTON AND UNION 8T8.
$13,000— Stores and flats, rentins for $1388
per annum.
DEVISADERO-ST. FLATS.
$12,6O<V— 25xSe:ll; Devisadero at, near Torkj
8 new flats, renting for $100 per month, v . '
COR. ELEVENTH AVE. AND LAKE BT.
$7500— 72x107:6; NE. cor. 11th ave. and L-ak*
St., coming fashionable section of city.
VALLEJO-ST. CORNER.
$7500— NW. cor. of Vallejo and Pollard! Im-
provements consist of flats renting for $68 per
month.
BOARDMAN-PLACE INVESTMENT.
$37C0 — Boardman place. ¦ near Bryant st. ;
, improvements' consist' of 3 flats and stable;
renting for $42 per month. /
GREAT SUCCESS.
WESTERN ADDITION BLOCK SELUNO
j--:^.'/ fast.
LARGE LOTS IN JORDAN TRACT IX BIO
DEMAND.
PRICES $1700 TO $1S5O.
A short time ago Western Addition block
' No. ' 855. a portion of the Jordan Tract, wa-i
! offered for sale in lots, most of which are
. not less than 33:4x120. since which time 11 lots
j have been sold In spite of Inclement weather.
! Building restrictions which hold good for 10
' years will be enforced. These restrictions pro-
j hlbit the use of the property during this pe-
{ rlod for stores, laundries, coal yards, etc.
! Three-story flats are alao barred,
j These restrictions and the large lots are at-
; tracting a superior class of purchasers who
believe that a block sold In this marfter will
Increase in value, as well as those who want
to make desirable Improvements without the
fear of being Injured by the!r neighbors.
Terms of sale are one-flfth cash, balance In
4 yearly payments of one-flfth each, due In 1.
2. 3 and 4 years.^wlth the privilege of paying
faster.
The property enjoys unexcelled car facilities,
being reached by the Geary. Eddy and Sacra-
' mento st lines, as well as the Sutter-st. road,
1 ¦which transfers to the Clemerrt-st line.
! The prices range from $52 50 to $55 a front
, foot, which Is •extremely low for property' so
i well' situated.- Since the property was placed
; on the market 11 lots have been sold. The
| streets 8re all SO feet wide, graded, sewered
I and macadamized.
1 LYON & HOAG.
116 MONTGOMERY ST.
! OWN one of han«!-»omest new corner residences;
i all modern finish and Improvements; sun In
I every room: equable temperature throughout;
I near and between two publlr Parks; view
of Tnmalpais, bay, Oakland hills; worth in- '
I vestigating: no nttents; $16,5C0; half cash.
| Box 41R5, Call office.
i * ¦ — — — -— — ¦ -— — - — — — ¦ — " — "— ""¦ —~ ~" —"————- —" *•"-*
FOR sale cheap: neat cottage; 4 rooms and
bath: large basement; terms same as rent.
Apply owner, southeast corner Alabama and
Mcntcalm sts. - - v .'-.
JUST completed: 4 modern houses of 6 and 8
rooms; located at Sixth ave. and I st S. A.
BORN, owner and builder: office 116 Mont-
gomery bt. .'¦.'.
I INCOME property: south of Market and China-
town;, homes Richmond. Sunset. Mission dis-
tricts; printed list city and country property;
exchanges. W. J. White. 2G Montgomery, r.S.
$10 850; cash $2000; 3 swell flats not yet cotn-
| pleted, but rented for $1200 per year; Seventh
! ave. boulevard. 7C0-2-4. near Fulton st: 16
I minutes, from City Hall; all nittht car serv-
i ice: every possible latest improvement in-
cluding bltumlnlzed street; 23x120. Apply oa
i premises from 2. to 6.
i BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY,
INSTALLMENT HOMES. 512 Callaghaij bid.,
will build on your property of buy you a lot:
$S a month pays ! principal and Interest on
I each $1000 of balance due, making your in-
stallments less, than rent; eend for circular.
' $1.25 PER WEEK, no interest Lots in the
Excelsior. Homestead Tract; all level, no
grading to do; ready to build your little home
on; close to electric cars and school.
W. J. WHITE.
; i 26 Montgomery st.. Room B. .-<¦'
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards: Inspected bargains: monthly iata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 613
Market ft
BUILD on your unimproved realty; we loan
full cost Improv. and part lot at 6 per cent
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker Building.
LATEST system sanitary plumbing by AHL-
BACH * MAYER. Plumber*, fan Howard.
HEAL ESTATE— Country— -For Sale.
— — — . *
STOCK RANCHES A SPECIALTY.
California, Nevada, Arizona, Mexico stock
ranches for, their value for grazing — vast tracts
suitable for subdivision and colonization. Val-
uable not alone for grazing, but for Umber, ag-
riculture, oil. minerals or town sites. We have
many tracts where frost never occurs. We
have many valuable pasture lands where grass
cattle are fat In April, when beef commands
the highest price.
We have business property that will pay 6
per cent net on cost for five or ten years' lease.
We have residences, up to date, in the land of
the lemon, orange, sunshine, fruit and flowers.
We have many beautiful orchard homes in
the famed Santa Clara Valley, near the Garden
City of California. Good dairy and alfalfa
ranches.
We can offer a Mexican grant that will cup-
port 10,000 head of cattle for only $50,000.
CHARLES W COE A CO..
Real Estate, Cattle and Loans,
* 78-79 Auzerals Bids-. San Jose, Cal.
CALIFORNIA for' 5 .cents; full Information
about land of sunshine, fruit and flowers; all
about orchard and vineyard life and indua-
'. . trial development: illustrated magazine 3
( months' trlnl for 5 cents. Western Empire,
290 Times block. Los Angeles, Cal.
TO close estate — Country place in center of
Monteclto Valley. Santa Barbara;/tiearly 12
acre*; well located: ZOod 8-room house, sta-
ble,- 2 good wells,. fruit and shade; furnished
or unfurnished: at less than cost Address
box 34, Monteclto, Cal. '
FOR" sale — Country homes In every county in
California, at all prices, from $43O 00 to
$75,000 00. : Immense list to select from. If
you want land of any kind call on
HOWE & MEKRITT,
¦ • 832 Broadway, Oakland.
FOR sale — 67 acres: 2 miles Santa Rosa; Im-
proved; 48 bearing vineyard. 4 fruit, balanc*
cultivation; all Improvements; new. commo-
dious 14-room house; large barn; 2 wells;
good water; windmill. Box 414S. Call.
FOR sale— OSiacres first-class farm land. Im-
proved; close to railroad station; 2% hours
from San Francisco; beautiful view; healthy
climate; 7 acres apples. 10 prunes, 8 olives.
45 vineyard. 23 unplanted. - Box 4149, CallL
A— *50f>: RANCH; 25 acres; Foss Valley. Napa
-Co.; best land. KREDO & CO., 765 Market.
$1350: OLlVE-orange grove; 5 acres; bearing;
Butte Co.; snap. KREDO & CO., 765 Market.
FOR SALE — 135 acres fine virgin redwood and
pine timber- near L. E. White's railroad at
. Elk Creek - Mendoclno County. For full par-
ticulars - apply to A. CLOCKERS. Albion
P., P.. Cat. . .
FIFTY-TWO _ acres. Including growing hay,
near R. R.; Yolo County: cash or exchange
town lot; $2000. , S. H. TARR. 217 Parrott
building. ¦ ' r -: - " ' .- '
$10 A MONTH buys a 10-acre far*.
' (2OO profit per annum per acre.
¦Write • for booklet It's free. «03 J st
WRIGHT & KIMBROUGH. Sacramento. Cal.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 27, 1901,
41
MPSICAL IXSTnPMEXTS— Coa.
A FEW unredeemed storage pianos (also furni-
ture) will be sold to pay storage dirt cheap.
WHITEHEAD'S storage. 1636 Market st
A — UPRIGHT piano for sale on account of de-
parture. Call at 005 Larkin st. .
$75; STEIN WAY rosewood; cost ?60O: for sale
on $5 Installments. 13C0 Gcugh. near Geary.
SMALL pianos for small apartments; great
tone; rent or gale. Byron Mac2y. .T03 Post at.
NEW upright pianos sold on $3 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ A CO., 10 McAllister st.
S-PEDAL Stelnway up. ;Chlckerine baby grand;
Shonlnger. little used. Keeffe's. 2.S5 O'Farrell.
IF you want bargains come now; pianos al-
rnost given away. . Hornnng. 216 McAllister.
A FISCHER upright piano for sale; good as
new; $135. 237 Geary at.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzey pianos. Cecillan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 30S-312 Pout st.
OFFICES AXD STORES TOJ.BT.
FIRST-CLAS3~locatlon on Ellis st: suitable
for restaurant. Apply A B. SMITH CO..
12S-132 Ellis st. !
SANSOME, 712^ — Handsome, largs store, base-
ment, cheap. LANDRT C. BABIN. 413
Kearny st.
!a FINE suite and single; nicely tinted; low
rent; sunny; central. 30 Geary st.
TO let— Office space, shop space. 82 First at.;
ground floor or basement.
MUSICAL IXSTttUCTIOX.
PIANO lessons thoroughly taught; 25o per
hour. Box 41B0. Call. ¦
MATRIMONIAL.
A YOUNG man has a good position and will
al.»o be heir to a large inheritance from his !
parents' estate, would like to correspond with
a stylish young lady who would like a good
home; object, matrimony. Box 42tS5, Call. j
A GENTLEMAN. 4S years old, no bad habits,
employed by a large firm In city, would
like to corresoond with a lady with some
means to assist in opening a business; ob-
ject matrimony. Box 4489, Call offlce.
A WIDOWER (dlvorcedj. no children, a far-
mer and a good home for a wife with a
kind disDositlon. wishes to corre*Dond with
a lady, a good housekeeper, matrimonially
Inclined. Box 45&S. Call offlce.
WIDOWER, 31, having good position, perma-
nent, also has property, would like to meet
a flne looking- congenial lady; object, matri-
mony. Box 433B, Call offlce.
MACHINIST. 44 years old, has a good position
and s' me money, would like to get acquaint-
ed with & lady about 40; object, matrimony.
Box 42S4, Call offlce.
A YOUNG lady, 19, brown hair and eyes.
would like to correspond with a gentleman of
good character; object, matrimony. Vox
4315, Call office.
A WIDOW. 82. having nice home tn a small
country town, would like to correspond with
a gentleman; object, matrimony. Box 4355,
Call office.
WIDOW, 41. no lncumbrances, of a home lov-
ing; disposition, wants to meet a gentleman
matrimonially Inclined. Box 4298, Call offlce.
MEDICAL.
A — L.ADIES, If you are suffering from Irreg-
ularities or any ailment, ypu will avoid dis-
appointments by consulting me first. My
method of treatment Is positive and harm-
less and I guarantee immediate relief from
any cause or make no charges. Advice- fre«.
Call or write DR. SYLVESTER. 218 Kearny.
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relief
from irregularities consult me at once; my
methods are always safe, painless and reli-
able; I have no failures; cure guaranteed; no
exorbitant fees; 17 years' experience tn all
femakr disorders; call or write without delay;
advice free: correspondence confidential.
DR. WHITE. 702 Market St.. rooms 7 and 8.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints and irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed; 30 yean' experience. 820 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHU reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. lCOSVi Market tt.. opp. 5th.
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pills
sold: price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's
syringe and tablets; price $5. By express
only on receipt of price. OSOOOD BROTH-
ERS, wholesale druggists, Seventh and
Broadway, Oakland.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
ln trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints: positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Offlce, 1018 Market st. ..
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness — Expert
ln obstetrics, female complaints; Inst. relief;
treatment $10; hours, 10 to 5; 25 years* exper.
MRS. D. A—LEX. 111S Market— Reliable ladies'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low feea.
LADIES — Our monthly regulator never falls;
box free. VITA CO.. Station A. Detroit, Mica.
DR. ROSEN resides 2993 Folsom st., corner
26th; ladies, relief or no 1" $10.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1128 Market at.
DR. NG. TOY KEE. 319 Powell st. oppoaltB
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
MIXES AXD MI.M5Q
WANTED — Party to take- Interest |n rich cop-
per grounds ln Alaska; few thousand dollars
required. Box 41C3. Call.
WANTED— Party _wlth few thousand dollars
to take interest ln rich placer diggings ln
Alaska. Box 4250. Call. s
WANTED — To meet parties Interested In
Mexican mines. Have been to Yaqul gold
fields. Address box 4083. Call.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 105-107 Fremont st.
70.000 FEET pipe and caslna-. threaded, coupled
and ready for use, from ft In. up to 12: In.;
cheap. - •
6 h.p. marine gasoline engine, complete. .$300
4 h.p. boiler and engine, complete, is run-
ning order $65
2 h.p. gasoline engine (new), complete... $100
30 h.p. boiler, complete (brand new).... $250
Pile driving outfit, complete $300
Hoist, pump, boiler, stamp mill, (5), concen-
trator, whole mining outfit.....! $1000
5 hoisting engines, used by U. S. Custom-
house, each ..............$100
Dow oil pump, large ports, Al $dO
OH tanks, air receivers, compressors, eta.
"See me last," etc. H., S. WHITE MA-
CH1NERY CO.. San Francisco and Oakland.
FOR SALE— TO BE REMOVED.
2-story and basement buildings. S9T and 099
Ellis St., corner Hyde, to be vacated April
1. Inquire F. P. FISCHER, Builders* Ex-
change, 106 Jessie at.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK? "
Repair It with elaterite; in rolls easr to lay:
needs no painting or coating; good over old
iron, tin or shingles: best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFINQ C.O.. 713 Market St.
2D-HAND machinery, boilers, engines, pamps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanced; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale it.
DESKS and offlce furniture; $20,000 stock to
- be sold before April 15; this stock can be
bought In larre or small lots.'. T. D. Me-
CAKTHY CO.. 7S2 Mission. Phone Buah 4OT.
PAINT your old and new metal and shingle
roofs with Asbestos Roof Paint; guaranteed
to stOD all leaks ln the one and preserve tho
new. 205 Front St.; tel. Main 1423. ' •
ONE engine and boiler, 100 to 150 horsepower,
second-hand, good condition; also 600-Ilght
direct current dynamo. Address Krogh Mfg.
Co.. 519 Market st.
A— FINE suits. $7 SO; dress pants, $2 50. Orig-
inal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 233 Kearny st.,
near Bush; open to 0 p. ra.. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, ahaftlng, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-2S5 Fpear st.
ALTERATION sale— Best S2 CO hats, $1 CO.
Popular Price Hatter. J30 Kearny tt., near
Pine; open to 0 p. m. ; Sundays to nocn.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 00 pair:
I foot-form shoes at $2 50; w« pay express
charges. 11 3d St.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
3V&C ROLL and up; flne wall paper; samples
mailed; painting, tinting, papering. M. M_R-
IGAN, 1302 Webstar. Tel. Jackson 1321.
j . — .
HANDSOME coupe; newly painted, new rubber
tires. Box 4145. Call office.
FOR SALE — Fresh milch cow; glxes six gal-
lona a day. 2522 Chestnut St.. near Baker.
BOOKS bought; ¦ libraries purchased. King's
Old Bookstore. 61 McAllister st.
FOH sale — A plain double | folding; bed and
top mattress. 1206% Sutter st.
FINE large double-door safe, almost new, with
heavy steel coin vault. 354 Hayes st.
BLANKETS, sheets, pillow cases, bed spreads,
pillows; all new; cheap. S10 Bryant st.
ENGINEER'S tr.ir.nit • in excellent condition.
Box 4132. Call. ' . ¦ -
ELASTIC, stockings. $2. Factory 40 Ellis .
street. . . I
ONE pair fine white diamond ear screws; a I
, bargain; $273. ' 10 Sixth st. ' J
ALAMEDA ADVERTIS'3tENTS
A1.AM_»A UK A I. ESTATE.
SERE IS A CHANCE FOR EVERYBODY.
GKEAT 3ACJA1NS.
FOIl SALE ON BAST TEKM2
FOit 2J DAYS.
$50 IX3TVX. BALANCE TO SUIT.
7.2 LOTS.
83:4x123 TO «jxl70.
F/itT OK BO-CALLED FilOMM TRACT.
TWO BLOCKS PROM SIXTH-ST. STATIO's.
THIRTY UINCTES FROM HAN FRANCISCO.
HALF i;LC>CK. FROM LONGFELLOW
SCHOOL.
TWO t_OCKS FROU CAR LINE.
A IZOilE FOIt EVERYBODY.
Here if a house that must be seen to be
e^preciatec; lot &u:_XJ7; r.rar Masllck station;
modern »-room hous>>; larse conservatory, fine
trrcunds. fruit trees, itab!«, chicken-house, etc..
at a. racriflce.
1 em now building several 6-room cottages.
Win t>e eold on terms. Come end see them.
A modern cottage of 7 rooms; lot 65x150.
¦vltil afijoir.lrs lot 43m150. containing fine fruit,
tree*; fold as a whole cr ln subdivisions; 5
ir.'r.utes" walk !rom either broad or narrow
$J<XKt — 5-room, l l .i-story cottage; lot 23x101;
•.era*.
$n«K»— 5-focni, 1-story ccttaee; lot 26x100;
' t.-rtr:5.
f H0O— r.-rocm, 1-story cotuure; let 26x100;
terms.
H7Bt) S room, 1-story cottage; lot "0x103; one-
• Hjuaritr cash.
S2ir<»— 7-raom. l-etcry cotta«e: lot 54x150;
?.Vnt cash.
$2110— 5-roor-:. 1 -story cottage; let 40x118; one-
f?300 — ft-roor.. 1-s-torj* cotte^e; lot 50x150; one-
half r«»h.
$3100 — 7-room 1-story cottare; lot 50x150; one-
Cuarter cash.
5--C5- — ST rooms : -extra bargain; lot 5OxT37; fine
location; fJOOO down, balance terms.
BVSIVESS LOT ON PARK ST.; 60x100; A
6ACRIF1CE.
TWO XTCE WATER FP.ONT COTTAGES
ON CTNTRAT. AVE.. NEAR STATION; BAR-
CAINS. LARGE LIST OF REALTY.
FOR EXCHANGE FOR SAN FRANTISCA
HEAL ESTATE — A MODERN 7-ROOM
tOrPE IN PEST LOCALITY.
APPLY TO A. R. DENKE, 1400 WEBSTER
rr.: alameda.
HAMMOND * HAMMOND.
THE LEADING AND RELIABLE
REAL ESTATE BROKERS,
1422 PARK ST..
ALAMEDA. ¦
IF YOir TV ANT TO
BUILD
PLACE YOURSELF IK OUR HANDS.
IF YOU WANT TO
BUY,
WE HAVE WHAT YOU WANT.
ARE YOU PAYING RENT?
IF SO. STOP DOING SO.
APPLY SAME AMOUNT AS
INTEREST AND PRINCIPAL
. ON YOUR OWN HOME.
WE CAN AND WILL HELP YOU.
TO-DAY
TVE SUBMIT FOR YOUR CON- a
SIPERATION A FEW OF *
. " OUR MANY CHOICE BUYS.
.WHICH ARE SUPERIOR TO
ANY HERETOFORE PLACED
' ON THE MARKET.
CALL AND BE CONVINCED.
H200 — Cottar* of 4 rooms, furnished, on north
• side Encir.al. near High ft.; good buy.
•• " Lot f>0xl25.
$1650 — Cottaite of 5 rooms: between Broad
, * and Narrow jrauge R. R. ; choice location.
. ; *. •* Lot 30x110.
$1990 will bay a fine modern cottace of 5
rocme and bath on Oak «... near Park.
. • . Lot 30x108.
•2_»0— A beauutiful modern, up-to-date cottage
. of S rooms and bath; completely fur-
. clahed; near Fohool and station; a snap.
Lot 60x110.
lv300— Modern, up-to-date 6-room colonial cot-
tage; near Ftation and school; this is one
.•of ihe lest buys ln Alameda; investigate.
Lot 50x1 CS.
SSGOO — A modern S-room h"u»e en Encinal «ve-
ru#, near-Chestnut; almost new; in first-
class condition. Iyick this up.
Lot 40x»3.
fr.2f>n—^ rarr harrain; chance of a lifetime;
2 beautiful up-to-date modern 6-ri5om '¦
f.ats en Ciiatoe «ve. ; bay frontagre; beau-
.tifu* marine view; elearant surf bathing,
<t««Rhc.uK. etc. This is a rare chance;
don't qrcttook it. *
BUILt>IKO*LOTP A SPECIALTY.
. SALESMAN AT OFFICE TO-DAY. .
ALAMEDA — 3 flats. 4 rooms each: near En-
: ciral station: rent SS5; all modern Improve-
ments; -lot 25>:«xir»O $3500
•*:.am»"2a — Cottage, 5 rooms and bath; well
. Fltu^tud; marine view $2750
*Aiam«-da — Modprn new cottage, 7 rooms and
ba,th; 1 block from station; up-to-date im-
prawestesta $5250
Ccur.try hotel; good faying bu*ines»<: short
*Us__cc from city on S. P. R. R. ; 16 rooms.
bar. --¦-¦> 5 stall*; lot 70x150, with ann^x
- r> x73 * $4000
'i. A. LEROUX. real estate and Insurance.
_' ~pw Mor.tgornery st., opp. Palace Hotel.
THREE* 6 -room cottages; lot 37x110 $2000
N»w 5-r»5Pm cottagre; up to date $2-';00
?-Ft»»ry hoase; 5 rooms $2300
!f«w R-room house; up to date $3000
K«w s-rnom house $1200
House of 7 rooms; lot ROxlSO $2400
CHARLES ADAMS & CO.
Ray Staticn. Alaineda. Phone '6952.
JCETW. complete cottare, 5 rooms, open for In-
spection this wet-k and until sold. 1026 Fair
Qsk« ave. Encinal Park station. Alaineda.
ALAMEDA ROOMS. ~
PARU. 121^ — 3 upper unfurnished rooms; small
kitchen: uewtf papered; best location; tnod-
Tr: reasonable.
BERKELEY ADVEBT'S'lTNTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
REAL ESTATE SECURITY COMPANY.
A ft-w of our Berkeley propertlea.
$100— Quitting lot; north side of Fair View
«.. n«ir Lowell; 25x103.
$2,600 — «i-room cotta.ee on Prince st., on cor-
ner; lot 45x100.
$2,C00 — Prince Vt.. near Ehattuck ave.; rood
2-etory O-rootn house; let 34x105; $700
<ash, balance easy terms.
$2.%0 — l-.«tory 5-room cottage on Fremont St.,
near Prine*-; 35x100.
$2.690 — Fine 5-room cottage on Wheeler et.,
on corner.
$:¦ C.V.- a:-j.i - «ve., near Key route; S
. " room cottace; let 33x97; we —ill sell
ih> on terms.
. S8.75O — Flrst-cla»B 2-atory 6-room house; open
plumbing; let SHxlOO; Trill _ive terms.
' $2,750 — I>sex Ft., r.tar Shattuck; 2-etory 6-
rooai house; *-a*y term*.
?35,000 — One ot the bett investments in Berke-
ley: .-;x decant Cats on Dana st.. en
corner; everythiiLs the lat»«t; open
niCKel pJumbir.s;: cement walks around
* the entire premises.
REAL. ESTATE SECURITY COMPANY.
• 133 MONTGOMERY ST.
fSMO— WORTH $10,000; bank .caned $5000
c:i this property; & largre room?: good m> new;
• Btreet work all dene; cement walks: fruit tree*
' to full bearirR; l*rge barn; lot 125x140; pret-
tiest rarden in Berkeley.
•. $31 &0 — New 7-roora house, frescoed walls, fine
"mantel; street work all done; near both trains; '
!."•-'• cash, balance $25 per month; lees than
rent.
?23OO-xNcarly new 4-room cottace, all fur-
Vtishfd. Including new piano, carpets, curtain*.
t.'cf. t**d£i=S. pictures and dishes; lot 00x130;
•fruit tr» '-.m and beautiful flower rarden; half ;
fc.'rv-k to train; owner East.
• SJ4CO — 5-room c^tta Ke; lot SOxlfiO; street
¦work *n done; uc-11 snd pump; chicken house
»n-J yard: one and a half blocks to cars; $100
ca'h. balance $12 per month.
$;»)fl — i-in.-— csttace; 2 blocks to can; lot
'40x1 :K:C feet.
¦ «2ut will buy a fine lot. all »>ewered.
f^fiO — Stor.- *nd two flats; fine corner.
. W. C. MOHAN, South Berkeley.
»40O— SIGHTLY lot In th« Twohy tract, north
end of town. Who made money In • . 8an
Francisco? Why. the fellows who bought
In early day*. Just so No*' Bcrkrley is
. Just in Its infancv. Those who buy will reap
the harvciit later. These lots are a little
out 'just cow. but the time is not far off
• srhen they will be on the Inside. You can
get a corner for $S00. Grand view. •
TV. J. MORTIMER & CO.. 212H. Center St.,
near main entrance U. C.. iierkeley.
GRAND INVESTMENT.
•^ $0000— Two handsome up-to-date flat* Just
completed, with new 5-rocm cottate: all on
one lot ln heart of Fouth Berkeley: will net
Irt per cent en investment: mortsracre of
?_K«> c»n remain; o— ner must go East; In-
vestigate.
C. C. EMFLIE, Ashby *ta_: phone Stuart 709.
OW1NO t» the rainy weather the undersigned
firm han h*^t!tnte4 to run a cla«rtfled list of
property. If you are not afraid of getting
wot. call at our offlce and let u* show you
node cf our selected property. Nice homes
from $2SOO np: unimproved property ln pro-
portion. JUPTER _ BAIRD, 2137 Shattuck
. avenue.
I OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
,'. . 4C0-HK Eighth St.,
; . y OAKLAND.
|$S00O— Fine; 9-roorr. residence: .50x115; S. E.
I cor. 13th and Alice; 4 blocks from 11-story
bank building; offer wantt-d; must sacrifice.
$4250 — Worth $B00O; extra good 9-room home;
beautiful terraced lot 50x150 ft.;, elevation;
marine view. . • . . -. *
$1750 — Splendid sunny cottage of 6 rooms and
bath; lot 37^x150. < •;.
$3500 — Modern S-roont colonial: furnace: car-
pets and range Included; near 14th st. depot.
$1100 — Double your money; 6Sxl4S ft. ;- oppo-
site Idora Park.
$5500 — Splendid 9-room • home with lot -80x152
ft.; near the boulevard.
$20.000^ — Clay st. frontage 100 feet; rents) at
$125 per month; can easily Increase.
$2350 — Home of 7 rooms; C5 ft. frontage; near
Broadway; reasonably close In.
$2:;&0 — Modern 5-room cottace; 30 ft. frontage;
5 minutes' walk to City-Hall.
$1600— 4-room cottage; lot 90x168; cheap.
$600^ — fl rooms; 25 ft. frontage; terms. . ¦
$S50 — 8 rooms; 37 Vi frontage; terms.
$2S50.
Modern 6-room; lot 45x100; close in; buy now;
bargain.
$3000. I
Pretty cottage; up-to-date; fronts Grove near
3(ith.
$3700.
Modern ccttao^; lot 100xS65; choicest location;
facing Frultvale ave.
LOTS.
$1750— Will double in value: % acre fronting
I on new Piedmont S. P. Road; Lake Merritt
| view; be quick. • .
$1150 — 50x140 ft.; Grove and 31st sts.; positive
(sacrifice.
FRUITVALE-.
$C50— Foreclosure sale; 115x146 ft.; *ood well;
San Leandro road. ?
$17ftO — Easy terms; cozy, modern, corner cot-
tage; 100x120 ft.; stable; near San Leandro
road; foreclosure.
ALAMEDA.
$1GOO— Choice lot 60x150 ft.; Park at. frontage.
BERKELEY.
$5000 — 222 ft. frontage; 2 flats, 6 rooms and
bath each:, nice 5-room, bay window, base-
ment cottage; 2 wells; mill and tank; 140
ft. frontage unimproved land; rental $35 per
month.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATB CO..
460-462 Eighth St., Oakland, Cal.
HOLCOMB" BREED _ BANCROFT INC
1060 BR6ADWAY. OAKLAND, CAL.
UNIMPROVED.
$375 — 40x120; Btreet work complete; cars ln
front; elegant scenic view.; first-class
location. .
L.T.
$600 — 10x125; street work, sewers, etc, com-
plete; between Telegraph ave. and
/ Grovo et. ; just the surroundings for a
nice home.
Eanta Fe Tract — 10x135; street work complete*
¦. $600 to $700.
Latham Terrace— 40x120; Btreet work complete |
$.175 up.
Borland Property — Very fine; close in; 43-foot
frontages; ranging from $37 50 to $60;
the only elevated inside property, situa-
. ated Telegraph ave. and Broadway,
Twenty-eighth and Twenty-ninth sts.
Linda Vista Terrace — Exceptional home sites.
j IMPROVED.
A NEW COTTAGE. »
$2,760— Five rooms, reception hall, connecrnigr
dining-room and parlor, cozy window
seats, fine mantel, bookcase and china
closet, gas and electric lighting, open
plumbing, medicine chest; must be seen
to appreciate Its good value; close to
Telegraph ave.; lot 87:6x115; see photo
and plans at office.
M.A.B.
$26.000— Actually worth $30,000.
10 new flats; every convenience that
modern Ideas could devise for comfort;
fine corner; Oakland's finest surround-
infss; close to. broad and narrow gauge
trains; Income $2tJ5 per month. $3130 per
annum; now offered at this low price;
investigate; full particulars at the office.
We- are authorized to sell the following: 10
new, modern tlatm, , on fine corner, good
- surround! ngs; close to broad gauge local
train; 30 minutes to San Francisco; sin-
come $230 per month; owing to owner**
removal to the East, will sacrifice for a
quick sale.
HOLCOMB, BREED & BANCROFT, INC.,
1000 BROADWAY. OAKLAND. CAL.
A. J. ENYDER,
Real Estate Broker and Dealer,
467 NINTH ST.,
OAKLAND. CAIi.
$1140. $1140. $1140.
Lots on the north line of 30th st-, between
Grove st. and Telegraph ave.
¦ 36x140.
This Is a snap. Call at once.
$1200. $1200. $1200.
Lot on the south line of Sycamore st., be-
! tween Grove st. and Telegraph ave.
; 36x100.
; Cheapest lot on that street. You cannot buy
| another lot for less than $45 per front foot.
' $'J0OO — New, modern home in course of con-
struction. Call now and Inspect It while
ln process of bulldinsr; lot 50x100: fine
shrubbery, etc. House will have inlaid
hardwood floor: some rooms finished in
hardwood. curly redwood; in fact,
thoroughly up-to-date. Contains 9 largo
. rooms, bath and attic; second lot west of
! Telegraph ave., on the best cross street;
near to Center of Oakland.
A. J. SNYDER.
467 NINTH ST..
OAKLAND. CAL.
BOULEVARD TRACT.
. ON THE SHORES OF BEAUTIF T TL, LAKE
MERRITT. FINEST AND CHEAPEST RESI-
DENCE PROPERTY IN OAKLAND. ON'LT
A FEW MORE CHOICE LOTS LEFT. LOTS
ALREADY EOLD TO BE HIGHLY IM-
PROVED. WILL DOUBLE IN VALUE IN-
SIDE OF 3 YEARS. FULL PARTICULARS
OF J. H. MACDONALD & CO
1062 BROADWAY.
$1000 CASH, $15 monthly— Cottage of 6 rooms,
bath, etc.: (rood barn and stable, chicken-
house, large chicken range, flowers and im- I
nuns* trees, in fine section, one block from !
¦ cars; city writer, stwer, gas; away from fogs
and cold winds: eandy loam soil; a lovely
spot, adjoinlnir East Oakland: size 100x200;
> all fenced; this Is a take in at once; prop-
erty Drice In all, $2600. Call or send for
circular. 455 Seventh st., opp. Broadway
station. Oakland; carriage free.
- H. Z. JONES. Land Owner.
FOR QUICK. CONSERVATIVE SALES OR
PURCHASES IN HOMFS OR INVEST-
MENTS. CASH OR MONTHLY PAYMENTS
OR EXCHANGES. CALL ON OR WRITE
HARRY L. HOLCOMB 314 SAN PABLO
AVE.. OAKLAND; ALSO HAVE RENTAL
DEPARTMENT; REFERENCE, BANKS
AND MERCHANTS. '
.
!~ } = !
$650. .32 FEET FRONT. $650.
Good building lot. Sherman st., near Tele-
graph ave; 32x118; sidewalked . and sewered;
street work will be cald for by seller. Ad-
dress OWNER. 1063 Poplar st.. Oakland.
$1000 CASH, balance flat loan: 8-room house;
center of city; near High School : price
$3450. WM. P. TODD,
1070 Broadway, • Oakland.
$3450^ — SNAP; near High School; center of
town: bouse of 8^ rooms and bath; $1000
cash balance flat loan. •,
WM. P. TODD. 1070 Broadway, Oakland. ,
$650— SNAP; lot 150x120; warm belt: block
"to car. i
¦ ¦ . . ¦ ¦ - " ¦ ¦ - \ ¦ ¦ , ; ¦ .
$3250— BARGAIN: new 8-room house;- large
lot: 1 block to Telegraph ave.: 3 blocks
to . key route *• line. . W. . P. TODD.\* 1070
"Broadway. Oakland.
BERKELEY AD VERT'S'M'NTS
BKRICELEY REAL ESTATE.
ANSWER THIsT™"
No Saloons ln Berkeley.
_ . - So nios-juitoes. no malaria.
Good watrr. ccod tchools. good society.
Be $ rk r e! 0 7 A M S i en<ll fu 0 ", rOOm h0USe ln Xorth
v. ,v I* 1 ,,. ? h ' si S htl r sround. magnlncent
i££; £ .^ a home by the owners, but
f m occu l jlot ': compelled to self, en account
ve.v ?f~ f l CO3t of I ;ro " u c'nB the property;
»« ii if 6 * lot ' e * Et rr °nt; the house la perfect
in al Its appointments, designed by one of the
best known architects; if you are lccklrg for a
Jio» • y hor ' ie '' n 'desirable location and up to
date In every -ay, this will be found a most
satisfactory investment.
?COCO — A fine 9-room hoiists in the Hlllegass
iract well built, well planned. !n excellent
l'i£**n?' on a ma Bnl"ce"t northeast corner,
coxloo .eet; broadside southern exposure, eun-
tuine in all th» five large bedrooms, tinted
wails, curled redwood interior finish, concrete
floored basement and laundry: lot alone worth
ovtr ?3UOO; unobstructed view of Golden Gate
rrota the garden walks; two blocks Telegraph
car line, one block to proposed College-avenue
car line; twelve hundred dollars' ' worth of
ground for another house on east end of lot.
We c*n borrow you $40CrO on this property.
This is a chance that you will not run against
in a year, if you want a home of this character.
All we ask is that you investigate it at once.
We want to find tenants for two nicely fur-
nished C-room modern houses, convenient to
Pwight Way station, not far from High
School. Terms on application. See them at
ence.
W. R. ELLIS & CO.,
Phone North 02. 2150 Shattuck ave.
OPPORTUNITIES IN BERKELEY.
A fine businers opening, suitable for one or
two ladies, on principal street. Stock, fixtures
sr.d good will; one-half interest $875, or en-
tire business $700. Making money. Illness
£ause of celling.
An unusual property sale. Owner must go
East early in April. 9-room house, elegant ap-
pointments, first-class neighborhood. Reduced
for one week from $0000 to $5250.
Also restaurant with good patronage at
Berkeley station.
Automobile to take purchasers to see prop-
erty ln Berkeley.
CHASE & MARQCAND.
Real Estate and Insurance,
2147 H Center st. i
CENTRAL REAL ESTATE COMPANY.
2149 Center st., Berkeley.
$600— Reduced from $C50; owner needs a little
rendy mon«y; lot 40x134. on Spruce St.,
north of Rose; elegant view; street work
all done; terms $265 cash, balance to suit.
$1000 — Lot, 40x124. on west side of Grove St..
south of Addison; sidewalk laid; street
#ork all done.
$:"00 — Corner lot. 50x100; 4 minutes from
North Berkeley station: street work all
done; corner lots are getting scarce; terms
can be had.
$2600 — If cold this week; worth $3250; house of
6 rooms; lot 80x135; shed in rear, 20x20;
25 fruit trees, apples, pears, plums,
prunes, «tc. ; elegant view; street work all
done; only 3 minutes' walk from North
Perkeley station.
CENTRAL REAL ESTATE COMPANY.
2149 Center St., Berkeley,
$32~# — NEW C-room house; Ward St., near
Telegraph.
$2500— Ntw 6-room house; Parker et.; $500
down.
$1550— Lot; Hillegass ave., near Derby; 60x143.
$700 — Lot. 50x200; Panoramic way; unsur-
passed view.
$600— Lot. 4CxlOO; Carleton »t.
Factory sites on R. R. and waterfront for
tale, or rent on long lease.
We have listed for rent a number of fur-
nithed and unfurnished houses.
Call or write for further particulars regard-
ing our properties.
CHENEY _ BERRY.
P. O. BLOCK. BERKELEY.
A VILLA site 301x90. Just think. 27,000
pquare feet. 600 feet from the Berry- Bangs
tract, for $1500.
$4000 — New and complete; 8 rooms; beat
location in town.
$2900 — Six rooms; new and modern: 2
blocks from Berkeley station. Can you beat
this? Every lot that Is for sale In town.
Come and look at some of them.
$5CKK) — x lovely home with furnace.
$400U — On a corner; 1 blpck from Key route.
JOS. J. MASON. Agent,
SB. cor Center st. and Shattuck ave..
Berkeley, Cal.
AH. YES. I KNOW IT'S STORMING, BUT
AN EXCELLENT TIME TO SELECT A
LOT. I HAVE 'EM -THAT SHOW UP
RIGHT IN THE WETTEST RAIN. ALSO
DESIRABLE HOMES FROM $2000 TO
$10,000. HERE'S A SAMPLE — J2200, ONLY
$200 CASH $25 PER MONTH: LOT 50x162;
TASTY. MODERN COTTAGE, 5 LARGE
ROOMS. BASEMENT. ETC.; FRUITS AND
BERRIES: SMALL BARN.
H D. IRWIN. LORIN STATION, BERKE-
LEY- OPEN SUNDAYS.
$2P00 — NEW cottage. 5 rooms: 8-foot base-
ment; double floors; 3 sets of folding doers;
thoroughly modern and complete, etc.; ea&y
terms: many others or will build a home for
vou on payments less than rent.
FRANCIS FERRIER, 2121 Shattuck, opp.
BERKELEY station. -
SNAP!— SNAE!
75. feet frontage, irregular depth, Euclid
ave. near University and cars; finest view
to b* had from this elegant home site. Ad-
drets box 10K6. Call offlce. Oakland.
FOR SALE — Four acres of land ln North
Berkeley, one block from Santa Fe road.
For particular* address MRS. H. F.
BEHRENS. 312 South Brown et., Napa
City. Cal.
$3200 FOR a neat 5-room house; fully fur-
nished; east of Telegraph ave.. near Dwlght
way; a snap. W. J. MORTIMER _ CO..
2123 Center at.
$S50 — LOT 50x100; ea*t of Telegraph ave.
$2100 — Lot 103x152; east side of Telegraph
ave.; a cnap.
LITTLE & WOOLSET, 2110 Shattuck
ave.. Berkeley.
A GREAT BARGAIN.
$150— LOT 25x135: NEAR UNIVERSITY:
STREET WORK DONE; WEST FRONT.
J. P HALE. 1511 SHATTUCK AVE..
NORTH BERKELEY.
HOUSE of 4. rooms; deep basement; Delaware
et., near Bsnta Fe depot: $150 down, balance
unall payments. O. A. RUDOLPH, real
estate agent. Lorin.
M. P. W. ALBEE. Real Estate and Insurance
— Hou-j*.- and lots for eale and houses for
rent. 2139 Center at., Berkeley.
A. MURDOCH & CO., South Berkeley station,
for bargain*: we build, buy, sell or exchange.
FRUITVALE ADV'RT'S'31'NTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
H. A. PLEITNER, Fruitvale Station, Cal.
$2500 — New, modern and most handsome cot-
tage of 0 rooms and reception hall, porce-
lain bath, brick mantel, gas and electric
combination fixtures, floored basement.
Stationary tubs, cement walks, etc.; sun-
ny c-orner lot; in a choice -location and
within a walking distance to local station; :
eaty terms to the right party.
,$1000 — New cottage of 4 rooms and bath, etc.,
large attic for two more rooms; lot 50x
100; chicken houses, etc.; two blocks from
Fruitvale station; this is a bank sale; a
rare snap.
$950— Nice 4-room cottage', barn and chicken
houses, fruit trees, berry vines, etc. r lot
50x108; a nice little home; only three
blocks from car line.
$ie50 — New, modern 4-room cottage, hall, bath. :
basement, ra.«. etc.; lot 33:6x104; street
work all done; cement walks; good plumb-
ing and sewerage; f renting on car line;
$150 down, balance same as rent.
$1900 — Extra fine cottage of 5 large rooms,
hall, bath, electric light, etc.; lot 50x100;
fine garden, etc.; one block from Fruit-
vale station.
$2500 — Bungalow cottage of 5 rooms, new and
modern; lot 50x150; best part of Frultvale.
$3T>00—Tv.-o- story house of 8 rooms, bath, gas
and electric .lights; all modern and beau-
tifully flrii*bcd; large lot; fine neighbor-
borhood, and just a short walk to local ;
etatlcn. - • . . . -.
$1750 — One acre of sandy toiam; new 4-room
cottage, summer-houee, barn, chicken
yard and houses; crop of . barley and
vegetables on the place; handy to car
line.
Twenty-neven acres cf fine garden soli, epring
water; suitable for vegetable or chicken
raiding: nicely laid out; very accessible
from Fruitvale station and only 2 blocks
from electric car line; a good crop of peas
now on the place; for sale as a whole or
In sub-divisions, from two acres up, at
$«50 per acre.
H. A. PLEITNER, FTnltvale Station, Cal.
'. : SPECIAL ~~~~
FOR THIRTY DAYS. T
LINDA PARK. LINDA PARK. LINDA PARK
The terminus of 8-cent fare. . Haywards cars;
ftreets graded and graveled; stone sidewalks;
depot on tract: lots from $50 to $200; $20 cash
and balance $10' per month; 15 blocks to local
train* best located property on San Leandro
road- graded school on tract.' Apply to 8. S.
AUSTIN 1101 Twenty-third ave.. Or'tland.
FOR sale — 2-story house, 7 rooms and bath:
tot 68xl<s5. Inquire Neergard's store, Nichol
ave., Frultvale. . . .
FRUITVALE. AD V'RT'S'M'NTS j
• gUUITVALB RE I A^L ESTATE.
CIIAS. F. LEE, ¦-- Phone Vale 230.
Offlce half Hock from Fruitvale station.
$250 cash — Neat little 3-rocm cottage; fine
level lot; close to good school and street cars;
lot 80x1 vO; pri?e. all told, $700.
cash — (i-rocm 2-story house, large
barn, ohicken-liouses; ! fine well of good water;
property surrounded by eood fence; close to
local train, school and cars; lot -100x127;
price, all tokl. $1350.
' $400 cash — Moiiern 5-room and bafh cot-
tage; large pantry, high basement, sanitary
washtubs; double chimney; short distance to
local train, oars and school; chicken-house;
steel enamel bath tub: property nicely
fenced; lot '40x115; a bargain at $1600;
monthly payments $1C 05.
. $75 lots ln the beautiful Roea Lee tract;
fine soil; grand view; new homes rapidly
golnsr up; no cold winds or wet fogs, and lots
only~?70 each; $5 down, balance $2 50 per
'month.
CHARLES F. LEE. ' 1222 Frultvale ave.
NOTICE— If you want to buy a home ln Fruit-
vale,. let me ehov.- you the remaining unsold
lots in the Deerinar Tract, or the Fruitvale
and San L. R'd Tract. These tracts are in
the best part of Fruitvale and convenient to
S. F. local trains. To close out these tracts.
I am offering the remaining unsold lots at
exceptionally low prices and on easy pay-
menta. If you wish, to build at once, I will
furnish i>lans and build to suit you. Get my
price* before buying elsewhere. II. >v .
DAVIS, real estate, Fruitvale ave., one
block from atatlon. m . ¦¦ ' . ¦
FOR eale— Chicken ranch: 200 chickens, geese;
1' horses, harness, fresh cow, wagon, cart,
plow, harrow; large barn, 5-room house; "fine
spring water; chicken-housesr 15 acres in
pasture; plenty of fruit; rent $10 a month.
, C. PETERSEN, Dimcnd. Lincoln ave.. Ala-
I . meda County, Cal.
FOR sale— 2-story 8-room residence; cheap for '
¦cash. Apply .in store, cor. School and Capp
?ts.. Fruitvale. '
TWO cottages ln Fruitvale, 2 i blocks from
station; $50 down, balance in small monthly
payments. 324 East Eighth St., E. Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFTICE, 1118 BBOADWAT.
OAKLAND REAL B8TATK.
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO.. INC..
1172 BROADWAY. COR. 14TH ST..
REAL ESTATE.
INSURANCE.
TEL. MAIN 85.
$3100. .
Here is a nice C-room story and a half
house, on Eighth st., near Jackson. This place
i? convenient to street cars and also near the
Oak st. station of the broad-gauge train to
the city. Let us ehow this to you.
$3500. .'
Here Is a fine home, near 26th and Broad-
way, half a block to car line and tn fins
neighborhood. It contains .7 rooms and bath
and is new and modern. Very easy terms can
be made. v
$3500.
Nice 7-room house on 11th st., near Madison.
Is rented at present for $25 per month. This
is oil a south frontage lot and would make
good home or investment. See us about it.
) * $.4250.
Fine 7-room house in East Oakland, near
Lake Merritt. New and modern, well built
and convenient. Near all car lines and trains.
Easy terms and small cash payment.
$eooo.
Here Is one of the finest homes ln the city;
new and modern; containing 8 rooms and front-
ing on one of the fine residence streets in Oak-
! land. Everything well built and the finish is
I the finest. Terms can be arranged to suit
! purchaser.
| ____ :
: INSURANCE.
REAL ESTATE.
MEMBERS OAKLAND REAL ESTATB AS-
SOCIATION.
WOODWARD. WATSON * CO.,- '
1172 BR6ADWAY. CORNER 14TH.
TAYLOR BROS & CO.. ;
REAL ESTATE INSURANCE AND FINAN-
CIAL AGENTS,
1236 BROADWAY. OAKLAND. CAL.
TELEPHONE CEDAR 351.
A SNAP. .
$1800 — Cottage of 5 rooms; about 4 blocks east
of Broadway, between Eighth and Four-
teenth sts. ; handy to local and narrow-
gauge trains; a special, bargain., 1394
$2S50^ — Large, modern, two-ntory house of 6
rooms bath and laundry; combination
fixtures; with lot 35x150 feet; one block
from car line; in neighborhood of Thirty-
eighth and Grove sts. F
A SPECIAL. BARGAIN.
$3250— Neat, attractive little cottage of B
rooms, with lot 50x100 feet; near corner
of Sixteenth and Brueh sts. * 1297
ANOTHER CLOSE-IN BARGAIN.
J4750 — Two modern, up-to-date cottages, one
recently built, on NW. corner, of 0 and 7
rooms,' respectively, within half a dozen !
blocks of City Hall; houses will rent j
readily for $50 per month. 1391
ANOTHER BARGAIN.
$3750 — Large two-ntory house of 8 rooms, with j
frontage of 37:6 feet; 3 blocks from
Washington st. ; situated In the vicinity
of Ninth and Jefferson sts. • 073
CALL ON US IF YOU WANT A SNAP ON
SOME INSIDE PROPERTIES. '
TAYLOR BROS. & CO.,
1236 BROADWAY, OAKLAND. CAL.
MONET IN LOTS. ,
NOW IS THE TIME TO BUT.
GOOD LOTS ARE GETTING SCARCE.
$1000 will buy a fine lot on north side' of
33rd st. Just west of Grove.
$1500 for 75 feet frontage on 34th St., west
of Weat St., $20 per foot.
. $1450 — Fine lot on Broadway, 42x115; thla Is
a fine location : convenient.
$1700 — One- of the very best lots in Linda
Vista Terrace; no better location.
?625 will buy 42x100,, on north side of 30th,
east of Grove: short walk to cross-town line.
$1350 — Fine corner, short distance- from West
and 16th sts. ; 35 foot front; corner.
S1400 — 125 front by 100 deep, with street
all macadamized, sewered, etc.; juet the place
to put up cottages on; East Oakland.
Close in; tore* blocks from San Pablo ave.;
just the olace for an apartment house; will
sell 50x100 for $60 per foot. >
Your choice of fine lots on Oakland Heights,
Vernon Heights and Linda Vista Terrace.
IMPROVED PLACES TO SUIT ANY ONE.
JAS. S. NAISMITH,
634 Thirteenth Street.
$2500 — NEW 5-room bungalow cottage on easy
terms; fine location.
$1000^ — One acre, Fruitvale; fine location.
$5500 — Three blocks from Broadway, near High
School, lot 50x175: 12 rooms and bath.
$3000 — 6 rooms and bath; fine location: in-
cluding new carpets; owner going away;
on terms, $500 down, $25 per month. »
$4000—0 rooms, porcelain bath; 3 rooms, fin-
ished ln curly redwood; fine location; lot
35x100; walking distance; $1000 down,
balance like rent.
$1800— 10 rooms, bath; lot 37x150; Myrtle St.;
snap.
$1000 — Corner lot 67x100; atreet work done.
$1600— Six rooms, bath, high basement: 3
blocks from train: close to town; $200
down, balance $20 per month. . -
$1650 — House of 6 rooms, lot 62x125, on terms,
$200 down, balance at 8 per cent. GEO.
W. AUSTIN. Real Estate Agent and
Dealer. Member of the Oakland Real Es-
tate Association. 1002 -Broadway.
GEO. H. VOSE. 111S BROADWAY.
$6000— Lot, 100x75, only 3 blocks from 12th
and Broadway; right in the heart of city; in-
vestigate It. . .
$400—7 lots. $400 to $600 each, only 2 blocks
from railroad station in Berkeley; a great
snap; go and see It for yourself. '
GEO. H. VOSE. Real Estate.
1118 Broadway,- Oakland.
BEAUTIFUL 6ak-«t. . home: half block from
. local trains; 3 rooms, bath, laundry;* all
•modern Improvements; house finished ln
polished redwood: mirrored mantels, tiled
grates; parlors, dlntn_-room and vestibule
connected with foldinsr doors; also , fine
stable: lot 37:0 by 100; worth $10,000. price
now $6500; party going East. Inquire 1301
, Sacramento st,, 8. F., bet 10 and' 12,' 2d' fiat.
ynscr:i,T,AST:opg for »*i.f— - c«»n.
BARGAINS ln fine diamond* and vat-hes;
easy payments. OAR1N. SCI Hay— ard bldg.
GASOLINE engines bouzht. sold, exchanged.
repaired. Sykea-Corson Co.. 354 Beale »t. .
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market ft.
SOME good second-hand gasoline engines 1 to
_ 1- h. P-. cheap. E. B. Beck & Co.. 122 Mket.
SLOT machines cheap: Chlcapoea Twentieth
Centuries. Pucka. BACIGALUPI.'ft'a Market.
DESKS and safes; see the complete line at ISIS
Market, ab. Van Ness. RICHARDSON EROS.
SAFES— -New and second- hand. TIIE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Eullard _ Breck. 1J1 Post st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. E B BECK
— CO.. 122 Market st.
GASOLINE engines, automob!>» and launches;
all slies. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
ASK for prices on *econd-hand typewriters- all
makea. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Mcmtj'y.
M1SCELLAXEOCS WAXTS.
M LEGHORN and Black Minorca h?ft»- In-
quire GEO. CUOLEY. 50s Sacramento st.
SHOES wanted; misfit St castoff; highest prcs. ;
new & 2d hand ahoea for sale. 749 Mission.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st. ; tc:. Jessie 2S5T.
WANT 8x10 view outfit; give full description
Professional, box 4146, Call offlce.
WANTED — A thoroughbred bulldog. 2M»
Sacramento st.
WANTED — To buy a sextant cheap. Box 1091,
Call office.
¦ - PERSONALS. ____,
A fresh, smooth and young looking face,
With a real, genuine "baby akin."
Don't forgflet the name. M. ELLA HARRI3.
The number. 7S1 O'Farrell St.. near Larkia.
Call cf write for book, free,
"Hints on Beauty."
Al SUITS to order at SI weekly. We have
contracts • with leading houses to take all
their short ends, called remnants. "We main
you a fine suit on Installments cheaper thaa
others do for cash. LEON LEMOS, merchant
ta!lor, 1127 Market st.. bet. 7th and 8th.
A— FACIAL N«— '• treatment; known by Dr.
All Ha»M, only Egyptian doctor in United
States; free Monday (or removing wrinklei.
freckels: who also guarantees to develop Cie>
bust: classes formed. 3^0 Sutter st-
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves Its growth.stops falllng.cures dandruff
and Itching scaSp; no stain or stickiness:
cleanses scalp;at druggists', bairdreiiaers' ;ao-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 1338 PoliC
A — Microtine, a positive cure for catarrh, cold!
In the head, hay fever, headache and all
bronchial affections : s*nd :or free sample.
MOUNTAIN TEA MEDICINE CO.. 273 ath.
Cancerous lumps, sores. Impure blood (affecting
skin, mouth, bones, etc.). speedily cured by
¦killed specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
A WOMAN'S friend; destitute free; seclude*
home durins confinement; housekeeping
roomi In connection if desired. MRS DK.
EMILIE FUNKE. 1416 Eighth st. Alamedo.
DR. FLORENCE- MASON. 517 Taylor St., office
and parlors of the Gem massage device and
electric pulsator; most perfect wrinkle re-
mover and skin cleaner ln use; investigate.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer la
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews. 700 Fifth at.. Oakland.
DRUNKENNES3, morphine and all drus dls-
¦ eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co.,
812 Shot well; consultation free; call cr write.
HAIR grown gray restored: pimples, wrinkles,
all bTemisitea removed: shampooing specialty.
MME. ROUME. 231 Post, parlors 13 and 14.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS' Londos
Tailor. 721 Market st.
SOCIAL dances Wed., Thurs.. Sat. sad Sun.;
classes Mondays. Fridays. Louise Foster's
School of Dancing. 1528 Market, nr. Larkia.
DEAR — rmise: Write cr calL GERTIE.
WILL the sister of Gilbert Ecker. formerly of
Montana, address box 4157, Call office?
PUBLIC typewriting, mimeographing, copying.
Union Typewriting Bureau, 2t> Mont., r. 16.
SUPERFLUOUS hair anil moles removed by
elec. needle. Dr. and Mrs. Traver*. 1170 Mkt.
SUITS to order on installments of $1 per week.
NEUHAL'S _ CO. (Inc.). tailors, 720 Market.
Aetina restores lest eyesight ;cures deafness ar.d
catarrh. A'VIDA Co., 3524 19th. nr. Valencia.
MRS. Eaton.' electric needle specialist. 3C9 Sut-
ter. r. 609. Miss Eaton, 233 Geary, room 38.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books. wt<-;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 5a
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ALFRED UM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to lta natural cnlor. >1: at all drag-flats* .
PAL-USTHT. .
GIPSY MADGE. Palmistry Palace, 408 Third
St.; three experts; palm readings 10c; card
and trance readings given; satisfaction.
MADAM DEVAS. ~~ "
PALMIST AND ASTROLOOI3T. _IEB_3
BUILDING, 13» POST ST.
MME. NEERGARD. located at 242 Post: hours
1 to 6 dally. Phone James 1. Classes.
H. JEROME FOSELU. sdentlflo palmist, 513
Taylor at., near Geary. Phon» Black 561.
BOOMS papered. Jl up: tinting, painting
Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 Third; tel. Main 4U.
PROrESSIOHAX.
WANTED — A physician, graduate of re-ral— r
school, to buy an interest in hospital or tak«
charge of same- on salary; state reference.
Address box 1003. Call offlce. Oakland.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEO.V*.
DR C. C O'DON^E-Lr-Offlce and residency
1021 V, Market St.. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD skin and rectal diseases _ specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073^, Market »t-
RKMOV_I>— DR. WONG HIM. her* doctor:
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 113-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at 667 Geary st. near Leavenwort— .
DR. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. LI Po
Tai. herb doctor, cures all diseases of hum— i
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington at.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 7 id- 8 Clay st.
BUPTTTH— .
CLARK-OANDION TRUSS CO.
Specialists In truss fitting.
Fitted with a SO- day guarantees -
SEWIXG MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
BARGAINS — New drop head - machines at
$13 93 and $25; shop worn White Machines,
new. at halt price or less. White Sewing
Machine Co.. 300 Post st. and 1S41 Flllmor-».
DOMESTIC — The machine- for family use;
best, is cheapest; second-hand all makes at
any Drtce: all kinds rented lowest rates.
Domestic offlce. 1021 Market, near Sixth.
NEW HOME — See our new triste-feed ma-
chines; slightly used; $10. $13. $20: second-
hand. $3. $3. $3: all styl?9; guaranteed. New
Home Sawing Machine Co.. 1051 Markat st.
CHEAPEST and best in America — The Weekly
Call. IS pages, rent to any address ln th*
United States or Canada one year for ft.
SPECIAL 5OT1CE8.
Ladles! Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are best; safe, reliable; take no other. Send 4a
stamps for particulars. "Relief for Ladles"
in letter by return mail. Ask your druggtat.
Chichester Chf mlca.1 Co.. Philadelphia. P*.
LADIES, send your address to 1126 Markets*.,
6. F.; valuable Information: room 2.
/ SPECIALISTS.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES ln EARS
positively cured; new methods ; 1 week's trvat-
ment tree. Dr. Cottlngham. 2O4 Sutter at.
A— EMPORIUM Storage- Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 7"-".-
731 Howard St.. nr. Third: phone Grant lttl.
A— GILBERT _ MOORE Storage Co.; atorae:*,
packing, shipping warehouse, G. G mad Van
Ness: office 1238 Markat. r. »4; tel. South 75O.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage _ Mavlng Co., of-
flce Post and Powell sts.; tel. Prtv. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave. : phone East 12Q.
GOLDEN West Stonuce: advances made. 84O
Mlaalon St.: tal. Howard 041. F. W. Zeftfuaa.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 FlUmore «. ; phone Jackson ZSl.
BEKIN9 Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
st.; tel. Main 1940. Shipping at cut rates.
Tor Additional Classified AdYertlstmaats
See Far* 4»- m
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
O AKLASD jntOUSES TO LET.
$12 50— FURNISHED 4-room cottage and bath
on sunny side of the street and close in.
GEO. H. VOSE. Real Estate.
1118 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
; AX^rROOMS^A^DDOARD ;^
DESIRABLE sunny rooms and board; homo
cooking. 528 Twenty-second St., near Tele-
graph ave.. Oakland.
OAKLAM) FURXIT1J^R& FW S.iqE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains ln furnl-
ture H. Schelhaas.llth -t..eor.store. Oakland.
MILL VALLEY ADVRT'S'M'TS
MILL VALLE3Y REAL ESTATE.
SELLING FAST.
.Selling fast.
100 Sold Up to Date.
Large new subdivision p* the station of Mill
Valley; 40 acres in large, lots in the very cen-
ter of the valley, none of which are less than
50x120; prices range from $400 to $S00; terms,
10 per cent cash, balance $10 monthly; grand
, home sites amldat pleasant surroundings; beau-
tiful views of mountains and bay: the climate
I unequaled; splendid opportunity for an invest-
ment; land values bound to increase, as Mill
Valley is rapidly coming to the front. The
new electric road has shortened the time to 40
minutes from the city. ' Mill Valley has all the
conveniences of a city; fine supply of pure
mountain water; good sewerage and drainage,
electric lights, stores, churches and schools,
and ln fact all conveniences. Lots beautifully
wooded. Send for our new illustrated book de-
Bcriptlve of Mill Valley. > i
LYON & HOAG, !
' ' 118 Montgomery st. ¦
LOST AND FOCSD. '
LOST — A package containing an order book
and picture cards, on Market St., between
ferry and Pine St.; a reward of $5 for re-
turning same. RICHARD BEHRENDT. 26
O'Farrell St.
LOST — Between Eddy and D«vlsadero sts.,
about 6 p. m., March 25, one diamond stud;
liberal reward to finder: no questions asked.
Apply room 29, third floor, Flood bldg.
1 LOST— Vicinity of new City Hall or between
there and Market and Jones sts., package
containing deed and fire insurance policy.
Return to ltSSO Page St.: reward.
5100— REWARD for the return of the- dla-
irond ring taken from the bath room. Olym-
pic Club. Saturday. GEORGE J..P AN ARIO.
LOST — Saturday; stickpin with pink pearl and
diamond: keepsake; liberal reward. Cashier,
720 Mission st.
LOST — Gold locket set with diamond; reward.
W. T. BAGGETT, 324 Pine Ft.
LOST — A package containing an order book
and picture cards, on Market St.. between
ferry and Pin« st; a reward of $6 for re-
turning same. RICHARD BEHRENDT, 26
O'Farrell st.
LOST — A passbook with the HIbernia Sav-
ings and Loan Society of San Francisco ln
the name of JOHN CH. GERMER, No.
120-203. The finder will please return to
bank.
LOST — Scotch collie bitch pup; color white. !
with sable ears and sable spot on center of
back; answers to name of Queen. Finder
please return to understgned and receive re-
ward. JOHN J. ROWE. 1708 Mission st.
LOST — Wednesday nl?ht, on Hyde-st. car, gold
open-face watch, with ribbon and charm at-
tached: name on charm; liberal reward.
Box 4064. Call.
LOST — A large leather wallet containing pri-
vate papers. Return to room 639, Palace
j Hotel: $5 reward.
: SMALL brown satchel containing gold watch
and small change. Return 2514 Pine; rewd.
LOST — Small Bible, Tuesday evening, on Third
or Kearny sts. Return to 22 Hampton place.
LOST— Black and tan dog; all tan color. Re-
: ward at 1116 Leavenworth st.
] LOST — National Union emblem; diamond set-
tlng. Return to 23 Spear St., S. F.; reward.
' A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call,
: lfi page-,, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
MONEY TO LOAN.
YOUP credit is good for money at the
UNITED LOAN and TRUST COMPANY.
21 Stockton street (upstairs); if you hold
a salaried poeltion, on your plain note, with-
out mortgage, pledge or indorser or knowl-
edge of your friends or employer;' lowest rate;
quick service; confidential treatment; call,
write or telephone Bush 484; we are the best
equipped company in the city, with offices
conveniently and centrally located; separate
, rooms, arranged so that the strictest privacy
le assured.
MONEY loaned on diamonds, jewelry, seal-
skins and valuables; our fireproof vault is
protected from burglars by electricity.
Portland Loan Offlce, 25 Stockton st. (Pri-
vate offices at 21 Stockton st., second floor.)
Phone Bush 4S4.
MONEY loaned free of Interest to parties de-
siring life insurance. United Loan and
I Trust Company, 21 ' Stockton St., second
floor; phone Bush 484. /
LIFE Insurance policies; loans on same; we
give higher loan values than companies.
United Loan and Trust Company, 21 Stock-
ton st. (second floor); phone Bush 434.
AAA — HERMAN MURPHY. ~~~ ~
601-602-608 Examiner Building.
' Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
• Eatatfs. second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests; assignments of rents; property ln trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money.
See HERMAKT MURPHY.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY (INC.).
CONTROL $1,000,000.
REAL ESTATE LOANS.
INTEREST 6 PER CENT.
FIRST, SECOND AND THIRD MORTGAGES.
CITY AND OAKLAND.
COUNTRY AND TOWN PROPERTIES.
ESTATES IN PROBATE.
UNDIVIDED INTERESTS IN REALESTATH.
REAL ESTATE IN TRUST.
107-8-8-10-11. CROCKER BUILDINQ. a V.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
1st, 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, In. city, town *
or country.
Low rate of interest.
Qlve full particulars t
• of property or chattels.
- Location, etc.
Box 4103. Call Offlce. ¦
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security: easy payments: large business ln
40 principal cltlej. Tolman. 553 Parrott bldg.
ANY amount quickly on furniture or piano,
without removal or other security; no com.;
fairest rates; strictly confidential. National
Credit Co., 68 Doaohoe bldg., 1170 Market st.
HIGHLY resoectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at 2
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
846 Market:- tel. Main 1644. Branch, 19 Third.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $23 up; quick
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery it., rm. 7.
MONEY to loan on low Interest: (told, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S, 10 Sixth st.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE, 103 Grant ave.,
• ; LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000.
NEW easy method — To wage earners on unin-
dorsed notes; absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company, rooms 4S-40. Chronicle bldg.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture, indorsed- notes and other security. S. K.
Discount Agency; 143 Phelan bldg. !
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; strict
privacy ;no commission; installments accepted.
BONELLI, 301 Eddy. Conservatory building.
ALL loans on diamonds and jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 538 Kearny.
3% ON . furniture & pianos; $19 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81. S Eddy st.
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mutual
Savings Bank building. 70S Market at. .
STAR Loan Co. ' of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R. 311 Mutual Sav.Bk.bId.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Indorser. MOREI.U (!f« Kxnmtner bii'ldlne.
Chickering, , walnut case, used one year;
Stelnway, ebony case, .used "two years;
Knabe, larsest size, fancy walnut; Ha ines
Bros.. Pattl'o favorite, a snap; Curtaz, small
size used 18 months: Marshall, fine order,
thoroughly. repaired, from $15O up; these in-
struments must be seen to be appreciated.
BENJ. Ct'RTAZ — SON. 16 O'Farrell St.,
Chlckerlng? agents. V,
A CLEARA'i'CE sale of upright pianos from
$50 up; greatest bargains ever offered In San
Francisco;:, all makes. We" rent upright
pianos for; $2 per month; new at $3 per
month; all, money paid applies on purchase.
Heine Piano Co., 235-237 Geary st. Oakland
address 12|>2 Broadway.
ONLY uUnc. house In the city that will rent
you a new! piano for $3 per month and allow
6 ' months'; rent " and cartage off purchase
price: sole agents for McPhall. Schiller and
other makes. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 580 Hayes.
A TVKEK'S news for 6 cent* — The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper.for '¦ mailing, $1 per year.fHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL], SUNDAY, MARCH 27, 1904.
42
. . LODQIIVG-HOUSES FOR SAXE3.
A. CAMERON & CO. Phone- South 1060.
3 Eddy at., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for rooming-houses, hotels and
all kind* of business chances.
105 rooms; cheap rent; new and aleganUy
furnished: up-to-date rooming-house; has fine
bar; can be run in conjunction if desired;- rare
chance for . right parties ; part cash, balance
can be paid out of house; other business Inter-
ests demand immediate departure.
126 rdoms: rent only $4 per room; new and
up-to-date house; all men; electrio elevator,
lights; long lease; clears $400 to $500 per
month; one of the best buy> ln-th* city.
10 rcoms; rent only $100; well furnished; lit-
tle apartment-house; reduced to $1100.
20 rooms; cheap rent; doss in; thoroughly
respectable ; all full; clears $1CO; part cash.
SO rooms; rent only $150; oak and cherry
fur.; fine carpets: close In; fin* money-maker.
220 rooms; new and up-to-dat* ap— rtment-
bouae; luxuriously furnished; D-year contract*
for choap lighting; grand new building;? clear-
ing $100 to $600 per month; obliged to leav*
city.
11 rooms; rent $40; dot* in; oak. charry fur-
niture; Brussels carpets; clears $55 over all
expenses; $400 cash, balance time; snap; $700.
40* rooms; rent only $65; well located hotel
couth of Market: fine bar; well stocked; brick
building; electric lights; everything good con-
dition; part cash, balance time; price $2500;
will exchange this with good real estata for
large downtown house.
8-room upper flat; corner; ail sunny room*!
beautiful little gem of a horn*; prlc* $730.
126 rooms; fine downtown corner nous*; pri-
vate baths; beautiful furniture; 2 sntraaoej;
takes in $30 to $40 per day transient, besides
rtgular roomer*; will bear investigation.
21 room*; cornar; rent only $35; oak far.:
good carpet*; housekeeping; all full; clearing
$70 over all expenses; 4 rooms landlady;
price $1600. *
BO rooms; new* modern apartmsnt-houss; 10-
year lease; chea5 rent; clearing $250 to $300;
very central; first-class proposition.
71 rooms: elegant. n*w, modern building; In
one of th* best cities In Southern California;
electric lights; hot and cold water: everything
up to date; 9-year leasa; rent only $200; clear-
ing $250 to $300 per month; owner sick abed.
23 rooms; well furnished ; first-class tran-
sient house; 2 blocks off Market; 6-year leas*;
clearing over $100; good buy for som* one.
81 rooms: rent $110: all light room*: dear-
Ing over $100 per mo.; regular snap: only $800
to get In; must leave city at once; price $1300.
123 rooms: cheap rent; long lease; first-
class up-to-dat* downtown hotel; well fur-
nished; clearing $500 to $600 per month; must
sell on account of other business; only with us.
9-room, new, modern flat; 4 months; elegant-
ly furnished; cost over $1800; a bargain; sick-
ness.
60 rooms; elegantly furnished; fln» location;
close in; new and modern throughout: full and
clearing $250 to $350 per month; must be sold
to settle an estate; only face of mortgage now
on it aaked; chance of a lifetime.
P0 rooms: cart offices; elnrant new building
and furniture; hlgh-olas* location; beautiful
halls; everything modern; first-class grill In
connection; besj proposition In city; called
East. s
\
24 rooms; r#nt $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished: oak and mahogany; fins proposition;
good lease.
17 rooms; rent only $70; oak furniture: Ax-
mlnster carpets; fine location; clears $80; fine
buy.
8 rooms; fine upper flat; rent only $30; can
be had by paying $150 down, balance time;
$450.
28 rooms ; oak fur.; velvet carpets; cloa» in;
can be run as boarding-house If dealred; $1800.
- 162 rooms; most elegantly appointed apart-
ment house in San Francisco: beautiful, mod-
ern building; fine entrance; cheap rent; clear-
ing $100 per month; 5-year lease; part cash,
balance 8 per cent per year.
15 rooms; rent $S5; well furnished; all new;
SCOO down, balance 1% per cent; fine buy; only
$1250.
25 rooms; rent only fCO; north Market; all
full: clears $100 per month; prico $1800; will
exchange for small chicken ranch.
106 rooms; new; most elegantly appointed
family hotel in city; all full and clearing $400
to S60O per month; books open for Inspection;
obliged to lea/ve city.
7-room fiat: rent $40; oak furniturs; . good
carpets; sickness; price $350.
72 rooms; rent $400; elegant new building;
swell family hotel; beautiful furnishings;
clearing $600 per month; every«room full; will
stand the strictest Investigation; location un-
surpassed.
]80 rooms; new and elegantly appointed
apartment-house; swell location; long lease;
cheap rent; part cash, balance- made, out of
house without interest.
- 10 rooms: Kills: newly furnished: rent $40;
apartments; $200 down, balance $20 per month,
no Interest: must be sold on account other
business; price $725.
MARION GRIFFIN.
406 Hearst building, over Examiner entrance.
Modern business methods In fine front ottlce*.
Phone Black 8607. or take elevator to 4th floor.
Up-to-date title abstract free with every sale.
We do business strictly according to law. ' •
SNAP— 25 rooms; 6 blocks north of Market at.;
rent only $110: worth $1800; reduced 3 times
to $1600. $1400 and $1200; make offer and
terms to suit yourself. M. GRIFFIN.
TRANSIENT house of 23 rooms; one block
north of Market St.; clean and well kept:
owner sick; will sell or exchange for small
house. M. GRIFFIN.
HOUSE for rent and furnishings for sale; 24
rooms; near O'Farrell and Stockton Bts.;
first-class condition; some occupied offices.
; M. GRIFFIN.
WE lend you $600 to $900 on a certain 20-room
house of which we have exclusive sale at
$1200; clears $81 per month. IL GRIFFIN.
BUNNY corner, bay-window house of 45 rooms;
6-year lease; electric elevator; $5000; part
pay will be taken in real estate.
- ¦- M. GRIFFIN.
TO RENT, with privilege of buy>hg, a corner
8-room flat completely furnished; rent $45.
MARION GRIFFIN, room 406 Exam. bldg. ,
Ask MARION GRIFFIN to show you that 24~
room house near Market st. for $1200, on
' easy terms; rent only $§0.
MARION GRIFFIN makes you an offer
Of a house near Union square.
The Income Is one hundred thirteen
dollars monthly above expenses th*r*.
A thousand dollars cash is all
you will need to pay.
While we lend you six hundred
dollars, payable in your own war.
APARTMENT house; 4S rooms; clears $222
month: corner; electrio elevator; fine location;
almost no work for landlady. M. GRIFFIN.
SUPERIOR furnishings In 100-room house.
IN the fashionable quarter, near Nob Hill.
REGULAR. Income per month $1007.
RENT and all expenses per month $639.
PROFIT put in the bank each month $458.
. Owner sick and ordered to change climate.
MARION GRIFFIN, room 406 Exam, bldg.
$2000 will be accepted as first payment on the
most luxuriously furnished apartment house
In this city, barring none; rich velvet car-
,pets; elegant blrdseye maple furniture; Ori-
ental hangings; grand, sunny corner house
• and a lease for 5 years. See
m \\ MARION GRIFFIN.
NEW. building t of SO rooms, full of new. extra
fine furnishings: north of Market: lease It
desired; nearly full; clears $189 per month.
See MARION GRIFFIN.
FINE 14-room house on suny side; I
In good location, >near Eddy and Hyds;
Worth twelve hundred (we, don't care a rap),
A thousand dollars takes this snap;
It's a bis bargain, but must be sold.
Yet clears sixty dollars a month in gold.
See MARION GRIFFIN, 406 Examiner bldg.
' - "N. E. C. F."
— 15 rooms North of Market
—$400 1 .Spot cash
— J80 Income. :..... .ftent $30
—See M. GRIFFIN 406 Examiner bldg.
APARTMENT HOUSES.
Why not by an npartment'house? -..
: ..We have one for sale; clears $1000 month.
We have others clearing $150 to $500.
COME IN •
And let us tell you about tho business.
The Information and our Bervices free.
7 MARION GRIFFIN.' 406 Examiner bldg.
. 1: Cut out this 10-llne ad.,
, 2. Would you like a house, clearing
3. $275 per month over the rent? . v
4.- Would you like ,a respectable house?
*r>.'. Would you: like a business location?,'
6. We can show, you such a house.
- "7. A house that we can recommend..
8. -You need only, pay • $1750 - down. .
0. Call and get ; Inspection permit. . .. . :'..£:
10. MARION GRIFFIN. 406 Examiner bldgj
$S0O— NICELY J furnished ;ll-room house; ' In-
stallments; clears $30 month.- .Box 4060, Call.
A WEEK'S news for S cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pages, la wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
_^ BUSINESS CHANCES.
A — $3000 — CORNER saloon: clo6* to Call bldg:
3 years' lease; net rent $120; this is one of
tho best paloon locations in this city, and
a live man can clear $500 per month. Call
R. G. WILKE, 20Vj Kearny st.
A— $800— ROADHOUSE. with danc« hall, club
and living room's; rent $10; electrio light in-
cluded; 5 years' leaee. Call R. O. WILKE,
20 ',£ Kearny st..
A— $1000; SALOON and liquor stor» on Sixth
Bt.: rent $50; business O K. but owner 1* en-
gaged in other business; must sell at once.
It. O. WILKE, 2<> \k Kearny et. \
X — $4500; COFFEE, tea and crockery store; one
of the leading businesses of this kind and In
choicest location In this city; rent $65} all
cash traue: stock will invoice $4000; a very
rare chance. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 2014
Kearny £t. -
A— $1300— CORNER cigar stand on Kearny:
rent $S5; lease; a good business; come and
investigate. R. G. WILKE. 23tt Kearny st.
Al BLOCK of land. 300x300. in San Leandro
with house of 4 rooms; Income $400 per
rear from fruit; will exchanre for dairy
ranch. Call R. G. WILKE. 2o& Kearny st.
A— $2000— SALOON in wholesale district; r«nt
$eO; place established many years and good
payir.g. Call R. G. WILKE. aCH Kearny st.
A— $1000— CORNER grocery and bar oa Larkln
•t., doing a fine cash business; value in
sight; fresh stock; no better location In this
city. Eec it. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $2000— COFFEE saloon and restaurant on
waterfront, close tc Market tt.; place estab-
lished years and well paying; dally receipts
about $00. Call R. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny.
A— $1100— SALOON, with 3 rooms; closa to
Kearny and Bush sts; rent $75; lease; place
easily clears $200 per month: nice fixtures,
choicest, stock of liquors. All particulars of
R. G. WILKE. 26Va Kearny st.
y~ $1100— DELICATKSSEN and dairy produce
store: rent $40; daily receipts $45; plao»
clearing about $175 per month. R. G.
WILKE. -'Ci% Kearny st. :
A — $1750 — CORNER grocery and bar on
O'Farrell St.; place kept by present owners
5 years and doing a good paying cash busi-
ness; fresh stock; value in sight. R. G.
WILKE, 20»4 Kearny st.
A— $C50— CORNER bakery, with 4 living
rooms; about 2 blocks north of Market St.;
will be sacrificed If sold at once; owner* to
leave city.. Call R. G. WILKE, 28^ Kearny.
A— $BC0O— CORNER saloon with 5 years' lease;
close to Flood building; this Is the choicest
location In this city and a first-class paying
business. See R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A — $750 — CANDY store and Ice cream parlors,
with stationery, etc., on Devlsadero St.; 3
living rooms: a splendid location and good
busings-. .So* R. G. WILKE. 2tt$fr Kearny.
A — $3000; COAL, hay and grain yard; on Geary
it.; rent $40; lease; a horses, 6 wagons; busi-
ness estab. years; Investigate at once; a rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 26# Kearny st.
A— $1650: COR. saloon with 4 rooms and bath;
rent $50; lease; a first-class paying place in
choicest location: $150 per month clear guar-
anteed. R. G. WILKE. 26^4 Kearny *t.
A— $1200: • COFFEE saloon and bakery Mn
choicest location; rent $S0; dally receipts
about $70; a good business, but sickness of
owner compels him to retlr*. Particulars R.
G. WILKE. 2614 Kearny St.
A— $S50; CORNER cigar stand oloa» to Mar-
ket and Stockton Bts.: rent $75; a spleodlil
location and rare business chance. See It.
G. WILKE. 2«H Kearny st.
A BAKERY across the bay. with lot COxlOO;
houre of 4 rooms, 2 stories; 2 horses, wagon,
etc.; price $3C0O; not all cash required; a
pood business. Call on R. G. WILKE, 26H
Kearny st.
A. CAMERON & CO Phone South 1050.
S Kddy St., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chancet».
Oyster ar.d chop houses $850 to $1000
Candy and Icecream parlors ....$200 to $25CO
Barber ehons $500 to $2500
Cigar stands $350 to $2000
Groceries and bars $500 to $5OCO
Saloons $3OO to $10,000
Restaurants $3.10 to $20,000
Fruit and vegetable stores $300 to $1000
Drug, stores $2000 to $6000
Delicatessen stores $"J50 to $4500
"Wood and coal yards $250 to $1000
A FIRST-CLASS opportunity for druggist or
doctor; fine location for drug store; good fix-
tures, counters and showcase; rent only $60:
bus>lnf*s already established: with. 6 rooms
and bath in rear; elegantly furnished
throughout: everything complete for house-
keeping of the best quality; price $1800.
CAMERON &. CO., 3 Eddy-Bt.
FOR sale or trade— Quarts mines; fine prospect;
located in Cal.; assays $10 to $70 ton; trade
for r'mg-house or business. Cameron, 3 Eddy.
FOR Bale— Well located candy store; all equip-
ment for making own candles; established 8
years; clears over $2C0 per month; will In-
voice about $900. CAMERON, 3 Eddy St.
FOR sale— One of the best restaurants In city; 1 *
cheap rent; receipts $75 to $100 day; will
bear Investigation; price $1500. CAMERON
6 CO., 3 Kddy st.
FOR sale, or will trade for small ranch — Fine
hardware and electrical supply store; well
located: clearing $300 per month; nrst-clae«
proposition; will' stand strict Investigation;
price $SO0O. CAMERON A CO., 3 Eddy Bt.
FOR sale—Ladies' furnishing and fancy goods
business- » cheap rent; well located; estab-
lished 12 years: will invoice $8000; sickness.
CAMERON & CO.
$600^-GENTS' furnishing store; full, complete
line of goods; doing Al business; this
store has the very best location.
$3500 — Confectionery store; a complete lc<J
cream plant; this prlc* Includes a nicely
apr*>inted store with complete fixtures;
investigate; guaranteed blr profits.
$S500 — Good paying drug store; full line of
soods; well established business: finest
location; long lease. MORAN & SWAIN,
Real Estate. 2131 Shattuck ave., Berke-
ley station.
$300 BUYS half Interest In established of-
ftce and commission business clearing to
each $125 monthly; experience not required:
must give references; bona-flde offer: Par-
I tlculars at 1007% Market st., room 1.
SUMMER resort; finest climate; big payer;
complete: near city; sickness; Investigate.
1CO7>4 Market et.. room 1.
$350— PARTNER wanted in established com-
mission business clearing $150 monthly; will
give bank references: experience not re-
quired; grand opportunity. 1007% Market, r.l.
I A DRUG sttire; established 18 ' years: clean
stock; no patents; also elegant family resi-
dence in Mill valley; must be sold on ac-
count of death In family. DR. D. B. CLIF-
FORD', 822V4 Third st., San Francisco.
FOR sale cheap— Fully equipped ground floor
photo studio doing a good business; situated
on one of the best business 1 streets in Oak-
land: very low rent. Address Photographer,
t.72 Eighteenth St.. Oakland, Cal. .
I HAVE a realty Investment that will pay 10
per cent on $70,000; guaranteed permanent
and safe; references; principals only; no
agents. C. A. II.. box, 4110, Call office.
PARTNER — Either sex; silent or active;
profitable business; $200 needed. Box 10S9,
Call office, Oakland.
A YOUNG man with some means wishes active
partnership in eome manufacturing business.
Box 4161, Call.
YOUNG man, $3000 to Invest. What have- you?
Box 4162. Call.
CIGAR stand; make offer; good laundry trade;
will sacrifice. 328 Fourth st. .
FOR sale — A large, well paying bakery, .with
large cake trade and 6 to 6 barrels of bread;
latest Improved wagons and 6 good horses;
only a short distance from city. Inquire M.
P. PETJSLS. 218 California st. * ¦
$450— PLUMBING business; established In
neighborhood 18 years and has good | Una of
paying customers; good reason for selling.
Address SCOVERN. 139 Phelan building.
$1000; FOR sale — Grocery and bar; good busi-
ness; clean stock, living rooms; lease. Ad-
dress JOS. ROURKE, 2108 Fifteenth *t.
DON'T work for others; be bos*: start mall-
order business; we help you: plan and cata-
logue for stamp. CENTRAL SUPPLY
COMPANY, Kansas City, Mo. \
WANTED — A partner with eome cash In a
well established, permanent, paying business,
with a . field for greater development. Ad-
dress box 4297, Call office.'
WA NTED — A man to give his time and a
small amount of cash tor a half Interest In a
business that Is paying a good profit. Box
4342, Call office.
A FIRST-CLASS grocery with a good family
trade in Oakland for sale; stock Is all new
goods and clean. -Address box 446S, Call.
BLACKSMITH shop; extra good location ;•
woodworker In shop at present. Call at 300
• Gough st., corner of Fell.
PHOTO supply store: $1000; good locality, this
city; good future; will exchange for property.
Information apply 10 a. m. to 12 m.*, 134 12tl».
PARTNER wanted -to start oyster and chop
house with 10 family dining-rooms for rent
Box 4035. Call office. /
SALOON for sale at • bargain. Hl> Second
etreet. .
$©— COFFEE house; rent $5 per month; one
, chance .*.n- lifetime. ; 732% Montgomery st.
WANTED — Business' partner for , store and
contracting. 1934 Market st. .' -
ONE-CHAIR barber shop in country hotel for
yale. Box 4016. Call.
A GOOD variety store; low rent; living rooms;
bargain; must go East. 1501 Devlsadero st.
MITCHELL & CO.... Phon* Jessis 29S1
1206 Market st.. opposite Sixth.
16 rooms; neat, sunny, two-floor house; rent
$40; sell or exchange; price (650.
<55 rms.: downtown house; *teady; transieny.
clearing $350 monthly; handsomely furnished.
2ti rms. ;- choice corner rooming-house; unex-
celled for transient as well as steady roomers.
25 rooms; well-appointed housekeeping suites;
landlady must sell; make offer.
MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market St.
A — $275; FLAT; 5 rooms; Leavenworth *t.:
worth $500; must sell; offer wanted. KREDO
& CO.. 705 Market Bt.
$275; HOUSE: 11 rooms; dears $30 month;
south Market et: snaD. KREDO & CO..
765 Market st.
$800; HOUSE: 23 rooms; clear* SS5 month:
choice location. KREDO A CO.. 7C5 Market.
100 ROOMS, sunny corner, rent $125 $4500
40 rooms, south of Market, rent $110.. 2600
46 roonis. Mission warm belt, rent $65. 2250
£0 rooms, summer resort, rent $400 yr. 650
14 rooms, fine location, rent low 700
Hotel* and summer resorts.
EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny *t.
LODGING-HOUSE of nine rooms for sale:
must b* sold this week; very cheap. 102
Natoma St.. over corner Second. ;
HOUSE. 18 rms..splendldly furnished and doing
good transient business can b« bought at a
great bargain. Apply 606 Parrott building.
$750 will buy nice lodging-house, 16 rooms, if
sold before April. 903 H Washington st.. Oak-
land. ¦
AN honest off*r^ — Nicely famished 12-room;
reduced from $S0O to $500. 207 Turk st.
22 ROOMS; $800; flrst-clas* placa; la down-
town center. HARRY DOTLB. 1023 Market.
i CUKES XtUPTETBE.
WHO? — Hunter, 1206 Market st.; $100; ruptur*
euro for $10; circular explains: send for on«. t
_^ EDPCATIOXAL.
A CULTURED woman who ha* traveled, *x-
tenslvely desires engagements as a prlvat*
coach in English branches, personal cor-
respondence- and current fiction and events;
an opportunity for those of limited time ta
keep in touch with domestic, foreign and lit-
erary affairs. Box 40S0, Call office.
AT horns in our new quarters, the largest, beat
lighted and most delightful place of business
study in* the entire West. New, complete,
extensive departments. Thorough, Inspiring
Instruction. 73-page catalogue on request.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE. 801-
825 Golden Gate avs. .
A THOROUGHLY experienced teacher will
take private pupils; particular attention
given to ladles and centlemen whoe* educa-
tion has been neglected and to nervous and
backward pupils; public school pupils re-
celved. MISS FENTON. 935 Eutter st.
AYRES, the leadln? business college, 723 Mar-
ket St.; established 18 years; the school that
secures positions for graduates; Just added 25
new typewriters; catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST. 8.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches; day
and night sessions; illustrated catalogue free.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, law and medical colleges;
ref. President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor; day and evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
CLERKS, bookkeepers, stenographers desiring
position send name and qualifications to
Western Business College. Odd Fellows'
bldg., Market and Seventh ets.
A LARGER and better school than ever; enter
at once If you desire a good position; Gregg
shorthand. Ellis bookkeeping. S. F. Business
College. 1236 Market st.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. mln.. mech., sur-
vey, aseay, cyanide ; day. ev. ; est. 1864. Van
derNaillen School, 113 Fulton, or. City HalL
SOCIAL dances Wed.. Thurs.. Sat. and Sun.;
classes Mondays. Fridays. Louise Foster's
School of Dancing. 1558 Market, nr. Larkln.
ATTEND Gallagher-Marsh Business College on
advice of official court reporters and be com-
petent stenographers. 1382 Market; catalog.
WESTERN Business College ;Odd Fellows' bid.;
bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing, arith..
. spelling, writing, etc.; day *ve. ; $4 mo. eve.
HEALD'S School of Mines&Electrlclty, 24 Post
St., S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special' catalogue free, i
HINMAN'S Academy, a thorough school of
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Folk St..
bet. Pine and California; classes now open.
SPANISH — A practical and progressive metb-
od. RAFAEL SERRANO. 630 California, r.4.
BERT X. TUCKER. A. 'B.. M. S_; private
tutor. Bates University School. 2310 Clay.
BANJO, mandolin and guitar ' thoroughly
taught: orchestra practice. 462 Geary at.
GUITAR, mandolin- and piano. $3 per mo.:
mandolin club $1 per mo. 828 Haight st.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S, 424 Pine st.— Night clasa.
PIANO lessons. 23c half hour. MRS. PECK.
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
SPANISH.French.etc. Prof.DeFllIppe'sAcademy
of language, 320 Post:estab'tilS71;ablest profs.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. DR. MARTIN, wonderful spiritual healer
and business medium; readings dally. $1; de-
«veloplng cia«s Thursday 8 p. rn. 502 Eddy st.
EDWARD EARLE. 1052 Ellis, readings daily.
9:30 to 4; stances Sunday and Thursday.
ELISE BRAUN, renowned psychic. My readings
demonstrate my wonderful powers. SSfl Bush.
MRS. LESTER. 122 Taylor; life reader, busi-
ness medium; read, dally; dr. to-night. 10c.
C. V. MILLER'S Mother Sadie'* materiallilng
seance to-day, 1 o'clock: $1. 10S4 Bush st.
MMB. PHILLIPS, developing medium; readings
COc; free unless true. 1007 & Market st.
GRAND materializing seance Sunday, 2 and 8
p. m. 328 Ellis St.; COc.
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted clairvoyant and
slate-writer. 1112 Eddy gt. Phone Scott 887.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
CLEtAR VISION.
ATTRACTED BY AN INVITED FTELD^ —
THE SEMI-TROPICAL WONDERS OF THE
GOLDKN WEST AND THE MATCHLESS
CLIMATE OF CALIFORNIA— PROF. LIV-
INGSTONE. THE GREAT MYSTIC. CLEAR
VISION AND WONDERFUL EXPONENT OF
OCCULTISM. HAS COME TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO TO RESIDE. TO WORK AND TO DO
GOOD— A COMPLETE CLAIRVOYANT LIFE
READING $1.
It Is your duty to consult this rifted man.
He can unravel the most complicated skein of
difficulties, relieve your mind and Insure you
quick results, permanent happiness. Would
It not bo a relief to know how you will suc-
ceed, to be relieved of matters that are
troubling you." and | of the schemes of your
enemies? -. C -
It Is not necessary that he should acquaint
you in prlr.t of all the ills one Is heir to and.
further, he does not wish you to tell him one
word. He claims to be ablo. and positively re-
fuses to acceot one penny unless you are per-
fectly satisfied and, further, he never slights
any one In his work; all are th» siroe to him,
and he believes such Is the verdict of all who
consult him. Three separate reception parlors.
Located at . 423 Eddy at. Hours 10 a. m. to
8 p. m.
MISS M. WILLE. 460 Geary St., great crystal
seer and medium, to have special life read-
ing for one dollar: satisfaction or no charge:
don't fall to visit this wonderful medium;
always consult the best; letters and recom-
mendations from the best people In th* city
as to ability: If you are In trouble of any
kind or want to be sncc»ssful In business.
love or marriare, health or family troubles,
call and sett this great medium as she has
tbe power to control: hours, 10 a. m to 8
p. m. ' . t"i ;-?.'
ISMAR. th* Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
pnlmlst. permanently located at 1104 Market
st., cor. Turk; private readings daily 10 a
xn. to 5 p. m.; readings by mall as satisfac-
tory as in person; 3 questions answered, $1;
full life. $5; send lock of hair, date of year
ct birth: don't send currency; send postofflce
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter'.
MRS. E. M. SANDERS, scientific palmist
psychic teacher of mental suggestion and tha
new thought: advice given on all kind* of
business; hours. 1 to 6 p. m. Phone Polk
2568; 1009 Sutter st. s.
A— Miss M. Wllle. 4K0 Geary, clairvoyant crys-
tal seer and life reader, will tell you exaetlv
what you. called for without asking a ques-
tlon; names given; special. $1; hours 10 to S.
A— MME. BERNARD reads your life correctly-
advice given on all affairs of life; satlsfac-
tUm guaranteed: 25c .up. 17 Sd. next ExanL
MISS ZEMDAR. young gifted clalr. and palm.-
has second sight: a wonderful prophetess:
names: L 50c; g. $1. 714 Franklin, nr. O.O.avI
M ME. RAVENNA, formerly 5 4th st.. reads life-
.business advice: names given; readings 50c 1
week. Offices 835 Howard, bet. 4th and 5th.
ilrs-A.H. Kronenberg. rAlmst.clalrvoyant card
- n ad t« ;w Jj5 n other » f a» try me;good readings
10c. i21 FtankHn.nr.G.G.ave. Tel. Larkln 4207.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant. • card , reader, re-
moved from 132 to 23',^ 6th ; 1. 25c. g. 50c.
MISS WARD elves names, dates and facts-
readings daily; not open Sunday. 917 Market.
MME.. WALTERS, great card reader; la. 25c,
gents BOc. 951 Mission St.. nr. 6th: open Sun.
MME. ¦ LOVONI A, clairvoyant.' palmist— Read-
. ings tbis week 26c 463 Jessie st. nr. SUth.-
CBCRCB SERVICES^
FIRST Congregational Church, comer Post and
Mason Bts.- Hev. George C. Adams, D.D..
pastor, v.-lll i-reach at il a. m. ; topic "After
the Flood." At 7:15 p. rn.. monthly- nervice
of pont; epeclal music by the choir, Samuel
D Mayer organi't and <iir»n-tor; address by
the pastor, topic, "The lieaury of Holiness."
All «re corC'.aily Invited. •
THIRD Congregations.!, nrteenth st.. near Ml*-
fc ;nn — Rev. 'Uilliam Rader, jjastor; residence,
Ualght et., phone Park S29. 11 a. m..
P.ev. 1. C. Meberve, D.D.. of Plymouth
Church, will preach in rxchange with the
ptKtor; 7:30 p. m.. Mr. Rader will preach en
"Mary of Magaala," a eennon for passion
Ti#ek.
PLYMOUTH Conrregational Church. Post et.,
j-.n»r Wchfter— Rev. I. C. iieserve, D.D.. i
j-<airtor. Morning worship at 11. Rev. Wil-
liam Rcder, pa&tor of the Third Congrega-
tional Church will preach. Evening worship
et 7:45; the pastor will prescb. Tlieme. "ln«
Boldness of 1'eter and John." Sunday school
Rt »:30 a. *m. Christian Endeavor meeting
at 6:45 p.'m. '
CALHKORNIA-ST. Methodist Church, corner
Broderick and California sts. — Clarence Reed,
pastor. 11 a. m.. service and sermon; 7:3O«
<• popular cenc^ri by Kcbson's orchestra. Pro-
gramme: Overture, "Magic Flute" <Moz-
•trt); contralto «olo. "O LMvlne Refleeme/'
(Gounod). Miss E. Price; selection, •'Slrlllet-
• t*." <Blon); violin tolo, *\A. Dr?a.3i" (Bart-
lett). Ch»r!e* K. Robson; or^an offertory.
"A* Swan" fSe'.nt-Saene). J. H. Eallowell;
rirejwlonal, "Alda March" (Verdi). The
theme for the sermon will be 'The Age cf
¦ Machinery." Seat* fr*«. All welcora*.
CEJfTRAl. M. E. Church. Mission ct.. between
£hcth and Seventh— Tn* pastor. Dr. Georc«
*V. White, win be In the pulpit at both ser-
. vloe* which will be In keeping with the
• op«rilnr cf Tsirslon Week. A special them-
•win be presented in tfce evening. Sunday
school at 12:45; Rolla V. Watt, supt. Chris-
tian Endeavor meeting st 0:15. A eong ser-
vio* opens tb* evening tervlces. Seal* fre*.
jniXPSOS Miiftorlal M. IS. Cburca, corner
]{«T** end Tytn-nn <rs. — Publlo *ervlce»
«t- 11 *.• m. «nd 7:30 u. xn. n«v. John
Stephens, tue pastor, will preach In the
piercing en "Tne Thing* We Possess," and
la the tfve^ici: en "Xne Great Discovery.
Funday Schoo! *i 12 «0 r. m. C B. Perkins
suportntena>r.t. Erworth LesiTJ* at «:«0
p. m.
{ZITU'AHT Metfcoiist Ep!scor*l Church
IBocUi) — Rnfo* B. Nunn. ps*tor. Bervlces,
31 a. :r.. and 7:80 p. m. R*v. Dr. Mark
Ko£gsea w!U preach at both services. Ep-
. worth League at 6:S0 p. in. Etracters w*l-
ccta*.
KMT Unitarian Chorea, southwest corner
fi — -] r and FYmnklln *ts. — Rer. Bradford
I^«avitt, minister. Ker. Bradford Le«.v-
ltt and R«v. C. Hues*, superintendents
cf Euatay «choo'.. Junior church end Bun-
C*7 school are ax 10 o'clock. Sunday eerv-
lc* Is st 11 o^dock. Hev. Bradford Leavitt
trill preach a Palm Sunday sermon. Music
fcy cuartet. under direction of H. Bretberlck,
•jgantst. Ail *xe cordially Invited.
XnviTARIAN Church (Seccnd). corner Twen-
tieth an<! Oaro ft*. <take illusion or Valen-
cia «t. car) — Tho Rev. J«y Wllllain Hudson.
B_dster; residence. SCO Capu et. The Sua-
<i«.y-echool meets at 8:45 o'clock; Mr. W. C.
Maxwell, t'jpertnteader.t. At the mornini;
• *«rvlce. st 11 o'clock, the Rev. Jay William
Uudson wll: preach; subject. "The Gospel
- of an Opmnift." Made, by orchestra anJ
choir unfler the direction of Mr. Jablch
Clemer.t. a!) the t^ats ere free. During
April there •will be a i-peclal strle* of Eun-
<is.y evening pervices.
nRST Presbyterian Church, Van Ness avs.
and 6»cj_:ner:to et.— Rev. William Kirk
Guthrie, psJf'.or. Services at 11 e. m. end
7:30 p. m. The pastor will preach at both
• errWc**. Sabbith-sehuol. 12:30 p. m.^ Chris-
tian Endeavor. 6:15 j>. m. and 6:15 p. tn.;
TV>fin«day, S p. m.. missionary ro^'ilng; lec-
ture on •'infiia," Friday, K p. m. Uood Fri-
day sen-Ices in the church. All are invited.
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, corner Jack-
son and Fillraore pts. — Rev. John Hemahill, j
D.D.. pastor. Morning service ut 11 o'clock; j
evening service at 7:30 o'clock. Rev. John j
S. Macintosh. H.D.. will preaoji at- both •
iwn-xfa. .-» : ba-i. schocl at S::iO a, m. ; or- I
fbestral rouble; «"hriKtIan Esi^avor meeting j
at 6:15 p. rn. Prayer niettlr.g. Wednesday j
evening at b o'clock. All are cordially in-
vited.
TRINITY C hurch, ror. Bush and Gough ets. —
liev. FTPcienck YV. Oatnpett, D. D.. rector.
Holy communion 7::'<» a. ni. Sunday school
9:30 a. in. Morning eervlc* and holy com-
ruunioa 11 o'clock. Hector will preach.
Kvenlmr. special musical service at 8 o'clock;
'Calvary,'" by Louis Kpchr.
FIP.ST Baptist Church, Eddy ft., near Jones—
Preaching 1 y Bev. Tbcruas KaMwIn. D. D.,
tt II a. m. ar.d 7:o0 p. m. HIbie schooi,
J2:3w p. m. Special lesson en "The Teachings j
ft Baptisirs" to-night by Mr. E. P. Vlning.
<3;r.Etlan Endeavor. C:3O p. m. Midweek
jirayer fecrvice, 7:45 p. m. A
oordltl wrlcume to all. .-Vats free.
FIRST rhuri-h cf Christ. Scinititt, Central
block, 223 Eutt*r et., bet. Kearny and Grant
ave. — Christian Science «crv!re at 11 a. m.;
subject of i^ssun -sermon, ¦"I'nreallty." Sun-
day-school for children at the frame hour;
¦Wednesday evening mtetins at S o'clock;
Jr^t read:r.c-room. 2W5 Kearny Et.. rooms
50P-r>:0; iill fire wejwme.
CHl-Rr-H of the N>w Thocsht— Services la
Tranklin Hall, JVS9 Fillmore et., near Bnt-
: ter. every Sunday evening at 7:45. Th!5
'evening Hev. Henry Victor Morgan will
epcak: subject. "The New Thought Gospel of
Health and Happiness." Questions and free
. dlscussfon at close n? sermon. A cordial
•invitatieii txtenoVd to e.11 interested in ot-
t..:r. rit -be&lth :. : ¦: happiness to attend.
AI^_ ;ar»reetinp and Important service for men
. only at the Young lien's Christian Associa-
¦ -. t^on to-day at 3 o'clock. Henry W. Davis,
the n*w religious work director, will speak.
Fcncr by Ml?s Charlotte White of Madison.
WIsl. end special muFic by th* Hobson
Orchestra.. Tbe iM»rvic<» will be followed by
. «i. general "reception acd collation for young
.ippp.- tog'th^r Tilth the life-question Bible
cl&ae conducted by II. J. McCoy. All cats
,ln the Auditorium Irce to young men. Ma-
'«6n and Ellis ett.
.Benjamin- wheeler ward, evangelist,
• -.will preach in tlv- "Jerry McAul^- Mission"'
" HaJI. 824 Howard et.. lwtw«»en Fourth and
•K fth: Ppecisl service for Christians at 3
. o'clock and revival servfrni at 7:40 i>. ra.
*nd trprj evening during the week, fxrept
Eaturdar. Rich and poor, saint and sinner
.and aM, clappes are earnepily Invited to these
services. Sinners are being saved. Why not
you ?•;•-*
JTL'DDHIST Mission. S07 PolJt «t.. every Sun-
4ay. -11 «.. m.; swrvice and n«?nnon to-day.
Rev. K. Kino will cpeak on "The Strength
of Righteousness."
3THE Theosophlcal Society Colonel H. S. Ol-
cott, presldent-foundpr— Headquarters, Acad>
emy of Fcicnres building. Public lecture at
S p. m. by Thomas Prime. Subject, "Guar-
tflan .Angels." Lotus group 11 a. m. Study
class. Thursday, 2:30 p. m.
MEETINGS— SCJf DA V.
PROFESSOR FRED P. EVAXS. the famous
psychic, known throughout tha occult world
. as .the peer cf slate writers; interview* dally
en all subjects of interest; business social cr
eplrttu&l. Office 1112 Eddy st., near Octavia.;
phone Scctt 8S7; send stamp for circular.
FREE an<J Independent Symposium, Franklin
ftall, Fillniore Ft., near Eutter; 3:30 p m. ;
opening address by Hev. G. B. Allen; addresi
on "Life After Death," from viewpoint of
Tneesophy. by Mr. W. L. Ducey F. T a.-
all. invited.
- '
CPIRrrUALIST anniversary. low»r Scottish
Hall. I— rkln st. 7 :4&— Address by B. F.
French, liev. A. W. Wilson, Dr. Morris
Airs. Brirgs. Readircs. Mr. and Mrs. Mc-
Meekln. Prof. Perkins and ethers.
KATIE HEUSSMAN'N'S last meeting to-night;
IK© Market rt.; soirltual anniversary; in-
¦plratlone.1 lecture: eplrit mezsaces; fr*«;
circle Friday evenlruc. 25c; fittings dally.
1000 Hurrieon St.; tel. Mint 997.
ANNIVERSARY of Modern Spiritualism to-
Blght at 619 McAllister, 10c; genuine spirit
messages by Mme. Young; lecture, Mrs. Seal.
SIRS. EBERHARDT. tr:r!t_.'. test meeting to-
nlght: 10c. S250 Twenty-second st., bet.
Mission and Valencia.
MODERN rpirituali«m— Fifty-sixth annlvers-
ary; gtelnway Ha!l,223 Sutter. 1:30-7:50 p.ra.
ATTEXD Mrs. Tlarlsnd's circles; evenings- to-
r.!ght. 10c; l:fe readings daily. HS Slsth Rt.
W. G. KEEGAK holds te«t seances every r.ight
except £ct.. 10c: «it.. 10 to S^. US Sixth st.
SEER Egyptian Hindoo occult; reads daily; clr-
cles Wed.. Frl. & Sun.. S p. m.. 10c 326A Ellis
Friendship Hall. 325 McAlUrter— Tests to all.
10c: readings dairy. Mrs. Meyer and others.
MRS. REYNOLDS' materializing stance. 2 and
N p. m. Sunday, 50 cents. 328 Ellis st.
MRS. COXNOLL. HP Sixth rt.; circle every
nijrrt; tofts to all; 10c; readings. COc. v
TEST?. f*O Market, 2-S. Wilson Twin Sisters;
8. Mrs. Gfllinghasi. Dr. Cowan; 10c.
MME. VTGARS' Fpirituai tp«t meeting to-night
JOc. 148 Sixth Rt.: Fittings dally.
SCMl A V LBCTCHES.
im. J. DEPEW KERGAX'S free lecture this
evening. Crystal Hall. Pythian Castle, 809
Market ct. : subject, "The Growth of Science,"
followed by view* of the Passion Play;
tree Uckete will be distributed for X-Ray
?-xhibltton at sanitarium, Tuesday evening.'
Remember the question box. Special music.
EWAMI TRIGUNATITA will' deliver his 13th
lecture. th«> last of a Kries on "Frl*>nd or
Foe," to-night. 8 o'clock: admission 25c. 40
Ctfttner St.. Veflanta Society.
EOME talks oa mental mapgeation and new
tfcoucbt lects. 8 p. ra., 1008 Sutter s*.
X.ECTTJBES — Continued.
FREE lecture— Gold*n Gate Hall, Wednesday.
8 p. m. "Progress and Evolution of the
True Healing Art," by De Witt Clinton
Moore. M. D., author of "Medical Revolution
and the New Philosophy of Life." etc.
DR. COLLINGE. the great Canadian psychic
and orator, will give his special lecture on
-How He Changed from a Consumptive to a
Robuet Man," Golden Gate Hall, bunday,
March 27. 8 p. m.; admission 10 cents.
O. N. ORLOYT— Lecture this (Sunday) evening
In Golden Gate (upper) Kail. «29 Sutter St.,
At 8 o'clock, with the subject presenting
"The Faculty of Mind Reading."
llxcellent musical numbers. Admission free.
ARTHUR MORROW LEWIS will lecture. Odd
»1Iowb' building, to-night at 8. Subject
"Huxley, the Greatest Biologist of the Nine-
teenth Century." Admission 10c.
ARTHUR ar.d LENA MORROW LEWIS will
conduct Socialist meetings every Tuesday-
evening in April in Turk-st. Temple. Look
out for ad next Sunday.
SARAH J. WATKINS, from Chicago College
Science of Being, will lecture at Golden
Gate Hall Sunday, 11 a. m.; subject, "How
to Be BuccetEful"; seats free.
MEETING KOTICES.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 222, I. O. jrtBsv
; O. F. — Initiation and election of rJM*ffggfe
d<->gTEt»"f. MONDAY. Mnrrh 23. *te;?Stgg?
1904. N. F. MACPHEE. N. G. J *ZxiSP r
H. A. BAILY. R. S.
DINNA forget— The thirty-eighth v C? >,
annual gathering and games of the 3\ \mvj2
Caledonian Club will be held at 'T^Xvi
Shell Mound Park, Berkeley, on
MONDAY. May 30, Eplendid programme of
spcrts and daaces.
SPECIAL meeting Local Union No. 19. Broth-
erhood of Painters, on MONDAY. March 2S,
at 8 p. m.. at B. B. Hall. 121 Efldy st. ; im-
portant business.
SOCIETE FrancsJs* de Blenfaisance Mutuell*
(French Mutual Benevolent 6oclety) — The an-
nual meeting will be held SUNDAY, March
27. 1004. at 1:80 o'clock p. m., at Native
Eons' Hall. 414 Mason st. Election of the
board of directors to tak9 place next Sunday,
April 3, 1004 from 1 to 6 p. m., eame hall.
N. B. — No member shall be entitled to vote
unless provided with h!s book in good stand-
ing. For the ccmmltt«e.
V. GARDET. Secretary-
ANNUAL meetlcg— The annual meeting nt th*
stockholders of tht WESTERN SJGAR
REFINING COMPANY will b* held
at the office of the company. No.
C27 Market St.. Ban Francisco. California,
on MONDAY, the 23th day of March, 1004. at
the bo-jr of 12 m.. for tho purpose of elect-
Ing « board of directors to serve for th*
rnsniog year, and the transaction of »uch
other buslnes* as m*y come before the meet-
Ing. Transfer books will close on Friday.
March 18. 1904. at 12 m. W. II. HANNAM,
Secretary.
NOTICE cf rtockholdere' meeting of the United
Crude Oil Company (a corporation) — A stock-
holders' meeting- will be held at the com-
pany's office, room 41S Parrctt building. San
Francisco. Cal.. on WEDNESDAY. April 13,
1904, at 12 o'clock noon, for the purpose of
electing a board of directors to serve for the
ensuing year and for the transaction of such
oihfcr buslnes* as may be properly brought
before the above mwtlng.
L. WOODBURY Secretary.
_ACESTS_ \VAVTEJTX
WANTED — Agents by large transportation
company to place Issue of stock for the pur-
pose of increasing Its present equipment;
this move made necessary In order to handle
enormous volume new freight and passenger
business: the stock of this company pays the
largest annual dividend of any transportation
'shares in the United States; exceptional of-
fer made representative and responsible con-
cerns or individuals everywhere to act as
fiscal agents for the sale of stock. Address
j Tabasco Transportation Co., Title and Trust
bulldlnsr. Chicago.
j AGENTS wanted: elth<*r sex; no canvasstng;
no Folicltlng; no time from your regular oc-
cupation- no one will know you are my rep.
, re«entative; no capital, outfit or experience
'¦ n»*»ded: easy, parraanent. honorable and
profitable work that can be done at home.
Ad. J. W. KIDD. key 5025, Fort Wayne. Ind.
WANTED — Agents to sell splendid article to
housekeppers; all want It: one ac*nt made
$100 In ten days In October; only reliable, ln-
duftrlous ajrmts need apply: new article;
readv seller: b'g commissions. Address
JUBILEE IRON CO.. Omaha. Nebr.. 15U3.
MAIvK jour fortune; our successful enterprises
warrant good pay; steady, pleasant work;
either eex; etamp for particulars. Common-
wealth Co-Partnership, Dept. F, Alden eta-
I tion. Oakland, Cal.
BEGIN business for yourself: stop working for
others; we start you In profitable mail-order
tiusir.^ss at your home; immense profits. Full
information for r.amp. FRANKLIN-HOW-
ARD CO.. Denver. Colo.
AGENTS wanted throughout California, Ore-
gon' and Washington by a new tontine dia-
mond company: liberal commission. Address,
giving references. Manager, 508 Parrott bid.
AGEXTS — An agency for a proposition that Is
a decided Improvement on building and loan
Is worth having. Great Western Improve-
ment Company, Parrott building.
AGENTS wanted— Ladles or gents; absolutely
new article: Bells at once; big commission.
Call Monday. 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.. room 78,
P16 Market Ft.
OUR nocket outfit start* you eelline natural
d!amon<5s; Arty experts: drop everything;
wrltj for outfit. CHAPMAN-TOWER CO.,
Onei<3a. N. Y.
WE want a number of experienced canvassers
at once. White Sewing Machine Company,
HOP Post »t. and 1S41 Flilmore «t.
SEVERAL Al solicitors: good-paving proposi-
tion. Address, irivlng reference*. Manager,
508 Parrott bulldlnr.
WANTED — Circular distributer*: cash paid;
rend Rtamp. American Distributer, Denver.
AGENTS wanted to sell patent article; can
make $25 per day. Address or call 114 Turk.
MAIL order men. see Odell about your print-
ing. 7.1 Fourth st. ; experienced.
ADOPTION.
WANTED— For adoption, a healthy girl baby.
MRS. DR. EM1LIE FUNKE, 1416 Eighth
St., Alameda.
HAVING recently acquired through exchange |
of property three $40 scholarships in the best I
College of Advertising In the United States,
I will «11 them at 25 per cent discount for
tasb: the colle*e teaches advertising writ-
ing by correspondence and assists Its grad-
uates to tecure positions; catalorues fur-
nUh»d on application. Address box 3026, Call.
ATTORJfEYS-AT-LAW.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for a small fee.
fee rxe and rave money; no pay In advance.
G. W. HOWE. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW
Established 22 yrs.; nns. 1. 2, 3, 4 & 5. 1st fl.
1122 Market St.. between Mason and Taylor.
Advice free all matters. Detectives employed.
R. W. KING, Attorney-at-Law. Exam, bldg.,
Cth floor, entrance room 611; established 20
years; all caeec, general court and office prac-
tice; no fee la advance or for consultation;
evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3081.
DIVORCE $12; quick; quiet; advice free. Law
and Collection office. 1023 'Market *t.. room
2. bet. 6th and 7th; efflce hour* 11 to 4:30.
DIVORCE— Costs. $12; quick, quiet; advic*
free; open evenings. 827 Market *t., nn. SOL
U S. CLARK, 827 Market ft; consultation
free; no fees in advance; open evenings.
A WEEK'S new* for S cents — The Weekly Call.
1C pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
AUTOMOBILES.
NEARLY new Wlnton touring car; first-class
condition: mtwt be 6old Immediately; owner
return* East March 80: cash only. WELLS
BROS.. 1719 Washington; phone East 1302.
AUTOMOBILE wanted; state make, motive
; power, etc. Box 4470, Call office.
WANTED — An automobile of late pattern and
\ In first-class order. Box 4594. Call office.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
• A GOOD home for an Infant. Call or address
MRS. RHODA CARLSTEED. 163 Twenty-
, fifth ave.. Richmond district; price reason-
able.
WANTED— Children to board In the country-
good home; reasonable. Box 218, Fruitvale
1 California.
. WANTED — A family who would like a child
to Iward. Box 41C5. Call office.
Cr.OT.HIgG BEMOTATISQ.
SUITS cleaned and pressed, $1; scouring and
dyeing. Bon Marche, 40 Ellis St.. room 14-
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.'
1 2£}}?J££- BEAT^~9_ asp cleakixg!
. WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'8 Pioneer Carpet-beat-
i Ing Works. 255-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1S09 Har-
: rlson st.:.Al cleaning; 3c.' Tel. Mission 225.
CONKi.IN*S Superior Carpet-beating Works
333 Goldrn Gate ave.; telephone East 120. .
J HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating; mat-
. tresses mad« over. 1432 Howard jtel.South 216.
1 ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st •
tel. Main SS4. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props!
' RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
rea.sona tie. 1703 Harrison St.; tel. Mission 2C3.
CXAIBVOYAXTS— . Continued.
ROBERT A. KELLER.
THE EMINENT
PALMIST— PSYCHIC— MYSTIC.
Renowned »J the greatest adviser upon BusJ-
oets Health. Divorce. Marriage and Personal
Affairs.
Without Mkin* a question this- wonderfully
gifted man reads your entire life, from In-
fancy to old *ks. glvirwr names, dates, fact*
and figures. .
Prof Keller's vast experience, years of study
and remarkably developed psychic powers,
make him especially gifted in advising: and
aiding others. Thousands have be-n helped
and blessed through the mysterious agency
that baffles tha ablest and wisest. Prominent
people from all oarts of the world who b«»
been benefited by h!3 advice and asslstaac*
bear grateful testimony to tis ability.
If you are la doubt, unhappy, un luck 7' *\*l
eourag.d. dlssatl.fied or in ill *e*llK enarit
Prof. Keller, the greatest living W^ 10 ,.** 1 ™-
Ist. and h« will aid you to health, weaith a-id
happlnes*. Entlr* satisfaction guaranteed or
no pay. Fee- reduced to $1 for this
DaUy from 10 a. rn. to 8 p. m. Sundays from
1 to 6 p. m. 454 Geary st.
A GIIEAT CUT IN PRICES.
Call at onc» and aav* S*.
His former $3 reading* thl* w*efc for
II. IX. $1. fl. $L $1. $1- $1. V- IL
NO CHARGE NO CHARGE
Unless you obtain th» Information for wJilcfc
you consult him.
(You to be full Judge.)
PAUL DESTINE.
Th* first registered trance clairvoyant am
Palmist ever tn San Francisco.
Read carefully. An honest proposition.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee
, to mak* no charge If I fall to tell your name,
occupation and what yen called for; I prom-
ise to tell you if husband wife or sweetheart
Is true or false; tell whom and when you
will marry. In fact I will tell every hop*,
fear or ambition better than you can tall
yourrelf: 1 restcre lost affections, reunita th«
separated, cause happy marriage. mak» you
successful In life, cure disease and lost vital-
ity, develop mediums, glvs advice en mine*
and burled treasures and Insure you success
or charge nothing for my services; 10 a. ra.
to 8 p. m. : Sundays, 2 to 6.
826 — O'FarreU »t. — 826.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader tn city.
26H Kearny. room 20; ladles, 25c; gents. 30c.
MMB. LE FERN, card reader, has removed
from 109 Fifth st. to US Ninth St.
MM3. HERNANDEZ, wonderful palmist aa4
card reader. 421 Hyde *t.
MRS. BAUMANN. th* well-known fortna*-
t*Her. la now at 317 Ellis *t.
MRS. SHAFER, clairvoyant, card reader: sit-
tings dally. 443% Jessie st.. bet. Bth and 6th.
E : mOYME.\T OFFICES.
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Post St.; teL Bush 133—
Japanese-Chines* employment ofScs: fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help. eta.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japaiws*-
Chlnese help. 426 Powell st. Tel. Main 573X
SCANDINAVIAN Female Employment Bureau,
Sat Kearny St.. room 3; phone Black 44S8.
CHIXESE Employment Office — Best help at
. Leon Beong's. 411% O'Farrell; tel. East 438.
FRITZ'S Emp. Office; Japanese and Chines*
help. 415 Stockton st. Tel. Grant 163.
RELIABLE Japanese -Chinese Employment Of-
flee: all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 8133.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1907. BRADLEY & CO.. C40 Clay.
EMrLOYMEXT WAITED KKMALR.
A YOUNG Swedish cook, will Co a llttlo waaS-
lng. desires eituatlon; wages $30-533 Apply
to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter st.
WANTED — Position by a woman of refinement
ixnd excellence to take charse of the linen
department In a hotel, or the management of
a rooming-house; references. Box 41SI. Call.
j A MIDDLE-AGED woman, first-class cook.
would like a position as cook or working
housekeeper; city or country; best of refer-
ences; $Sl>. Box 4051. Call.
A YOUNG German girl would like position;
second nnd waiting, or waitress and parlor
maid; wage* $25 to $30; city or country. Box
4065. Call office.
A NEAT woman would like a few hours' work
every day In rooming-house or private house.
Call at USA Juniper st. ; no DOStaJa.
STRONG, willing American woman want*
laundry' work only. (1 25 and car faro;
sweeping and cleaning if no laundry work.
717 Howard «:.. first flight, room 1.
PROFESSIONAL nurse, eneaklng French, will
care for Invalid or attend doctor** office;
will travel. MISS B. D.. 125» OFarrell *t.
SUIT saleslady desires a position la San Jcs*
or any city out of S. F. ; several years' «-
perience. Address S. L.. 725 Ellia. room 18.
REFINED, educated lady wishes position as
companion to laJy or housekeeper: will aa-
slst; city cr country. Box 4037. Call office.
ACCOMPLISHED, refined young lady desire*
position as companion to lady or Invalid;
salary no object. Box 4136. Call.
A YOUNG woman with references want*
housecleanlng by the day: $1 60 and carfar*.
MRS. MAXWELL. 7C9 McAi:i3t«r st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes to cook and as-
sist In housework for a small family; no
laundry work. Call at 173 Seventh *t.
A GOOD laundress wishes work for W«daM-
day and Thursday. Address or call 243 Ta-
harna St., front; $1 5O and carfare.
YOUNO German woman wants housec'.eanlng;
$1 day. MRS. V., J) Rltch st., off Folsora
st.. bet. Third and Fourth, In rear.
A REFINED American woman wants position
as traveling companion to a lady. Address
by letter. A. B.. 615 Larkln st.
COMPETENT woman wishes washing and
Ironing by the day. Address MRS. C, 43
Franklin st.
A YOUNO lady speaklns; both Spanish aod
German wishes a position as assistant booit-
keeper or offlce._work. Box 4156. Call office.
A RELIABLE and obliging womaa for wu!»-
Inz or housecleaning: A No. 1 references ;
1 $25 and car fare. Box 4070. Call office.
WANTED — A place to sweep or clean. T3o a
day up; hours. 8 a. m. to 4 p. ra. Bos
4126. Call office.
GERMAN woman would Ilk* a aituatlon as
housekeeper: no objections to across the bay.
306 Guerrero *t. — ¦
AN experienced dressmaker wishes engage-
ments: $1 75 per day; references. Box 4H\
Call office.
GERMAN woman, good cook and housework,
wishes position In family la country. 234
Minna st.
WANTED — Honsework by competent womaa
with daughter who can work for board; wUl
work reasonable. Call 1163 Market st.
HOUSEKEEPER, English woman with a child,
school age. wants position: on* or two In
family; city or country. Box 4177. Call offlc*.
A FRENCH laundress wishes washing ta do at
home. Phone> Fell 1041.
YOUNG German woman wishes to do washing
at her home. Box 4141. Call office.
WANTED — To do writing at home by young
lady. Box 4024. Call.
WOMAN would like- a situation hottsecleaning.
$1 60 a day. 412B Fifth st.
YOUNO girl wishes position In privata family
to do housework. Box 4042, Call.
SWEDISH girl wishes situation as cook or
second work. Call 033 Alabama St.. rr. 21st.
TTOUNO lady wants position to do second
work. Address box 4122. Call_offlce.
YOUSG girl wishes a position at chamber-
worh. Address 336 Third st.
WANTED— Position as artist's model. Box
1091. Call office. Oakland.
YOUNG lady wants typewriting, copying, etc..
to be dene at home. 4SS Geary *t., room 1.
A WOMAN would like house and window
leaning: $1 £0 day. Box 4174. Call office.
A NEAT yourg woman with child 3 years old
wants housework. Please call at 134t{ Utah.
YOUNG lady wouM like to> do housework per
day. Box 4150. Call.
WANTED — Position as housekeeper; city or
country. Bex .".7, 1C0S Market st.
WANTED— A position a* a lady's matii: flrst-
claaca reference. Eon lCQo. Call. Oakland.
ALL kinds of children" a dresses made reasoii-
abl>. lOSTa Hayes st.
AN elderly German woman wishes light wxirk
In respectable family. Apply 2T7 Austin ave.
LADY wants work by the <l»y: cooking or
houspcleaninr. 2207 li Vine st.
WILLING woman wishes tti/naewcrk by day or
month. Call 31»M.ln0en ave.
YOUNG woman wants position as saleslady.
Box 4130. Call office.
EXPERIENCED V.UMAN, 23 years of ag«.
. for recond work, sewlnx and waiting on
«5xA. w ?£T. a $25 Ber "Math. MBA BXV-
UANN. 8261 Sacramento at.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Conttnqed^
A— STRANGERS, ATTENTION I
Are .you. looking . for a* safe . and profitable
business opening ' In San - Francisco? If so,
we can offer you any number requiring an
investment from $100 to $50,000; every busi-
ness opportunity that passes through our
office , must, stand the closest Investigation,
and we can place you in. a store, factory,
hotel, mill, otflce, or. In fact, any business
you may prefer. Kindly call and investigate.
GERMANIA INVEST CO., 027 Market St.
A— . MERCHANTS, ATTENTION!
Do you desire to enlarge your business, or do
you dealre additional capital? If so, we can
furnish you with an active or silent partner
who will invest from "5100 to $50,000; wa
have a larce number of desirable applicants
on our books seeking good business openings.
OBRMANIA INVEST CO.. »27 Market at.
A— 1100 REWARD
Will b* paid for legal proof showing that
any person «ver loet a dollar who invested
any money through our company.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT COMPANY,
- Incorporated under the laws of California.
- Capital Block, $50,000.
92T Market «t.. rooms 321. 322. 323. 824.
A GOOD . OPENING
For a young man who can Invest $500 In a
htgh-class real estate office and fill -position
of cashier; experience not necessary; Invest-
ment secured and $20 weekly guaranteed.
GERMANIA INVEST CO.. 927 Market st.
HOTEL FOR SALE.
New and modern; 80 rooms; richly fumlBhod,
complete and ready for oocupancy; large din-
ing-room, with 16 tables and imported Vienna
chairs; the best carpets money can buy
throughout; finest linen, best Bllver service;
10 years' lease; price $10,000; easy terms.
GERMANIA INVEST CO.. 927 Market st. \
'¦ A SAFE INVESTMENT. \ ~
$1000 ca*h and services secure interest and
office of treasurer in an Incorporated realty
and Investment company; $150 monthly as- ,
sured; highest references given and required.
GERMANIA INVEST CO., 027 Market st.
A^ ,*2 PER CEJJT MONTHLY
On Investments of $100 and upward; no "get-
rich-qirtnk" swindle or gambling scheme, but
. a reDUtable business estab. 3 years in S. F.
GERMANIA INVEST CO., 927 Market st.
THE BEST INVESTMENT.
100 shares of gold stock of the Norton Bay
Co.. $23; will be worth $200 by August. 1901.
GERMANIA INVEST CO.. 927 Market at.
A— TAILORING AND HABERDASHERY.
A flrst-clas*- tailor , or gentleman familiar
with gents' furnishing goods can secure a
partnership in one of the leading store* In
San Francisco; about $5000 cash required.
GERMANIA INVEST CO.. 927 Market st.
A— BARBER SHOP
For sale. 4-chalr shop: centrally located and
good, established trade; sickness of owner
compels sacrifice of Immediate sale.
GERMANIA INVEST CO... 927 Market st.
A— LIVERY BUSINESS.
Wanted, man with $4000 cash to take- Interest
in stable established 10 years; $200 monthly.
GERMANIA INVEST CO.. 927 Market st.
GROCERY and bar: well established; splendid
location. II. DOYLE. 1C23 Market, nr. Cth.
BRANCH bakery of good trade and fine Uoca-
tlon; $400. H. DOYLE, 1023 Market St.
RESTAURANT of 14 tables; fine business and
good locality; must be sold. H. DOYLE.
1023 Market st.. near Sixth.
BUY ginseng certificates; we Issue ginseng
certificates on our ginseng farm, wh»re we
grow acres cf ginseng, the wonderful money-
maker; Profit $ri0,000 to the acre; absolutely
Eafe; crcp la cure; certificates double in
value yearly: better than gold bonds; illus-
trated book with full particulars free. F. B.
Mills. Seedsman, box 300. Rose Hill. N. Y.
PATENT for sale: patent machine for prepar-
ing blasting charges; prevent missed hole and
stinkers; saving 60 per cent powder, fuse
and caps; all claims guaranteed or no sale;
best offer accepted; send 6c stamps for par-
ticulars. ; P. J. TRAYSSAC. Angela. Cal.
CHANCE of lifetime to one man In each State,
with reference and few hundred dollars, for
branch office supplying atrents (we furnish
ag«nts. HULL, 154 East Twenty-third
Bt.. New York.
A PHYSICIAN going to Alaska In April will
dipate good practice in thriving Ban Fran-
cisco suburb to phyelclan buying dispen-
sary and furniture. Room 11, 1170 Market st.
A GENTLEMAN with a general knowledge of
business has some capital to Invest and
would like to get into some good business.
Address with full particulars box 4291, Call.
CHANCE of a lifetime to get an endowment
policy with guaranteed life annuity: one of
the oldest companies: ask for special rate9.
Address Annuity, box 4038, Call office.
STOCK or bond Issue of reputable corporation,
mining or Industrial, wanted: have every
facility for selling samo on commission. Ad-
dregs P. O. box 1463, New York City.
A MONEY-MAKING business: a sacrifice;
cau?e departure; good established delicacy
and home kitchen; large cash trade; grand
place for cartners. 177 Seventh et. -
FOR sale — Boarding house, established 4 years;
.15 rooms; large yard; 20 beds; rent $40;
steady boarders; chance for increase; snap
fcr man and wife. 323 First st.
A STEADY young man with small capital can
obtain interest in a well-paying business at
once. 414 Post. Call bet. 8 and 10 a. m. !
FOR sale — Grocery store nicely located In
Hayes Valley. Address box 4292, Call office.
GROCERY without bar for sale In good loca-
tion near Golden Gate Park. Box 4500, Call.
COSTA Rica Banana Co.; a life Income; shares
start f»e. B39 Croesley bid.; phone James 3971.
$700— SALOON; 17 rooms, furnished; stable
aad barber shop; bargain. 830 Main st.
FOR sale — Large grinding store; carpenters'
and plumbers* tools. 053 Howard et.
$260 WILL start you In a good paying business.
J. MORSE, 632 Market st., room 8.
WANTED — A grocery and bar; state locality,
etc. Box 45Sf», Call office.
WANTED — A good cigar stand. ' Box 4499, Call
office.
FOR sale — A grocery store at Invoice; on. De-
vieadero *t.. In a good location; low rent.
Box 42C6, Call office. ,
WANTED — To buy a general merchandise
store in some small town in California. Box
4505. Call office. .
CIGAR stand In Oakland; good location for
business; good, clean and fresh stock. Box
44C9. Call office.
FANCY grocery store for sale in East Oak-
land; paying; will sell reasonable. Box 4322,
Call office.
BOOTBLACK stand, first-class, for. sale;
guarantee $20 week. 1027 Market st.
FOR sale — Bakery; large stock and good fix-
tures; low rent . and good location. Address
Call office.
$400 — CANDIES and pastry; 3 furnished
rooms; big stock; good trade. Box 4020, Call.
A BRANCH office of The Call for tha reception
of ' advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market *t.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. ¦
ooiiEECTioy orrurco.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. Pacific Collection Co.. 418
Montgomery, room* 9-10: tel. Main 6580.
CJtEPIT OIiOTHIEaS.
C. F. ADAMS COT~ T~~~~ ~~~
SPECIAL CREDIT STQRE.
We clothe the whole family from hats t«
¦hoes; everything up to date at cash prices.
Credit for all. 318 Maaon «t. ¦¦
COTTAGES .TO ' LET.
FURNISHED cottar* to let; 5 rooms bath,
basement and yard ; sunny corner. SB. ¦ cor-
ner of Clement st. and Second ave.
7 R00M3 and bath; 8 blocks from park; $30.
O. A. LEROUX, real estat» and insurance.
20 New Montgomery st.. opp. Palace j Hotel.
TO let — New cottage; 4 room* and bath. Apply
owner lumber yard southeast corner Ala-
bama and Montcalm sts. ; _^^
DENTISTS.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per fcet; extracting 60c; gAs given.
A NEW plate— The Whalebone— cannot break;
' warranted 20 yrs; crown, $3 50; fillings, 60c;
plates. $5; full 'set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
• ARTHUR CHISHOLM, surgeon-dentlst.r.l4.1st
¦ floor. Phelan bid... 806 Market, cor. O'FarrelL
I DR. H. G. YOUNG— Bridges and teeth with-
! out plates specialty. 1841 Pdlk Bt.
j GOLD fillings 75c; silver.' 35c;- crowns.- $2: no
pala; open Sundays. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.204 Eutter.
. PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
I Set teeth. $1 60 up: crowns. $2 up; fillings. 25c.
DKESyMAKKRS AND SEAMSTKIOSSUS
; SUCCESS!— SUCCESS!— SUCCESS!
The McDOWELL • DRESSMAKING anri
MILLINERY. SCHOOL, with . twelve year* of
successful work, offers to pupils the leading
system of dresscutting and -- thorough -instruc-
tion In, cutting, fitting and finishing all "jar-"
ments; practical'. course'" In millinery;^patterns
cut to order. 1019 Market st. : ¦¦¦'-'¦:'.
f Accordion, ¦ sunburst and kntfe-plaltlng; double
stamps on' dress linings. 'Stewart's button 'and
I buttonhole factory.- 110 Taylor; tel; Folsom 212L;
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
I . Pattern* cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt..THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, , SUNDAY, MARCH 27; .1904.
ROOMS TO tET— rara. sad Cati-i.
j AURORA, corner Second and Folso— i sts. — New
house, new furniture; every room oatslde;
modern and. sunny; prices from Sl 5O per
week up; this U the only up-to-date hoose la
thie vicinity: first-class grill attached.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148" Sixth s_— Room*
25c to $1 per night, $1 25 to $5 per week aad
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market St. for No. I
Fifth st.) — Rooms. 25c. 50c. 11. II 5© night;
11 BO to $10 week; house open all night.
AVOCA. S-TTA Mission St.— Nice single rooms
with electric light; tl SO per week and up.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 13&1>— Fur-
nished rooms, suite, single; also nnfnrnlshed.
CLEMENTINA. 6SO— 2 furnished rooms for
light housekeeping for man and wife.
CLIFFORD. 204 EUls. corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny roc— is; prices reasonable.
CUMMINGS <The). 61S Post. nr. Taylor— Just
opened; desirably located: sanny.slngle rooms
and suites, with private baths, hot and cold
water, steam heat, electric light*, phone every
room: elevator. Phone East 1317 If desired.
EIGHTEENTH. 34C2. near Valencia st. — Snnny
¦ furnished room. j
FOLSOM. 770H— Xlcely furnished ronny bay-
— indow front rooms suitable fcr 1 or 2 gents.
FOR single gentlemaa. la private borne (no
other roomers), a large, sn&ay. far_laa«d
room, with bath adjoining: 4 blocks from
park entrance and 3 blocks from pan handl*.
Address box 2e24. Call office.
FRANKLIN. 721. nr. Golden Gate are.— Sanay
furn. front room; all coaveniences; $S-$12.
GEARY. 38 — Flae, large nnfurn. suite; nicely
tinted; suitable for dress— taklag parlors.
GEART, 820 — Two newly furnished rooms, ona
suitable fcr two young mea; running water;
bath; phone; sunny; terms reasonable.
GEARY. 2221-^4 nice room*. $3.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 32e
to 11 25 night: $1 SO to SS w_ .: readteg-roo— u
HOWARD. 1CS8 — t nice, large runny roorr is;
rent cheap.
JESSIE SCO— 2 nicely furnished front rooms;
$3. $tj each.
JONES, tilt} — Sunny single rooms for gentie-
— ten.
JONES, 903 — Front sunny suite: 2 beds; snlt-
: able for 4 gents;- rent 92O or with kitchen $25.
JONES. 847 — Sunny suite, nicely furnished;
clean; modern; private; reaa.; afternoon.
KEARNY. 34— Nicely furnished sunny front
I rooms, suitable for offices.
KEARNY. 417 — Fine double sunny front room;
first floor; $10 a monta.
LARGE sunny room, with board; private fam-
ily; vicinity Larkin aad Washington sts.
Box 40S6. C_U office.
LARKIN. 1023 — Sunny front room: private
family; gentlemen only; call after 2 p. m.
MARKET. 1233. near Ninths — Front suite of
roonu; suitable for two: Ught housekeeping.
MARKET. 1344. opp. 7tti — Sunny furnished
rcoms, en suite or single; on first floor; cheap.
MINNA, 349^ — Furnished froat room for two.
OTARRELL, 627 — A sunny furnished room
j with bath.
O'FAP.RELL.2107— Front suits elegantly furn.:
also one single suitable for 4 gentlemen.
POST S89 near Hyde— Large front furnished
room; bath. gas. running water: 1 or 2 grata.
PINE. 1S20 — Elegant large parlors, closet as
kitchen. SIS: lower flat. $12: one large liv-
ing room, regular kitchen. $16: upstairs roc— i.
$¦>: sun all day. garden, gas. bath, phone.
Call Sunday, Monday; unfurnished.
POLK. 725 — Two furnished rooms for rest.
POST. 412*4 — Handsomely furnished, sunny,
bay-window parlors; running water; house-
keeping If desired.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent lights^
readlng-roo— i. smoklng-roots i and ladles' par-
Icr; rccms per night. 35c to $1 50; week. $3
to $S; moath. $S to $30; elevator oa rrou_d
flocr; rooms with hot and cold water: baUts.
SIXTEENTH. 303S— Newly furnished; gents
only. -
STOCKTON. 41-43. Stockton St. Ho-se — Nicely
furnished sunny front suites: suitable for 2
women; also single rooms, $1 50, $2, $2 50
week. Phone Black C201.
SUTTER. 361. The Larch— tont — New and nice-
ly furnished single rooms; also suite, with
bath; reasonable.
SUTTER. 035 — New. well furnished room to
let.
TEHAMA. 4S1, ccr. Sixth— Furnished single
rooms.
THE Radston. 276 Turk st. — A few choice,
sunny suites, with or without bath; elegantly
furnished and up to date: ter— is moderate.
THIRD. -T54H.— Furnished rooms from $1 SO to
$2 75 week; light housekeeping.
TURK, 32 — Newly furnished sunay roctr ts, ea
\ suite or single; transient; Just opened..
, TWENTY- SIXTH. 3367 — Front room, gentle-
man; near Mission cars; $5.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, oemr Markvt — WO
rooms. 33c to Sl night. $1 75 to S3 week; elec
trie lights (no ras), ru&atag water la every
ream; elevatcr.rea4.-r3O— i: free bus; baggiga.
VAN NESS ave.. 519— Elegant froat parlors
and adjoining suite for office or club.
VAN WINKLE. 2O7 Jones^ — Nicely furnlsheS"
rooms. $2: tunny suites. IS per week; baths.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market—
Mcst convenient and respectable: 7C0 rooms:
S3c to $1 SO night; $7 to $i week; elevator:
elec lights: readtne-room: free boa; baggies.
WOLF House. 202 Sixth — Electric light In every
room; 15c to $1 a night; 75e to S3 a week;
open all night: convenient to all ears.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan ft Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisemeats and subscriptions has beea
opened at IOCS Market at., opposite Flfta.
Open until 11 p. m.
rooms aad board.
""^^^^^^e^gexiere^hotel!!
731 Bush st. above Powell; select first-
class resldental hotel; elegantly furnished
and table unsurpassed; electric .light; steam
heated and private exchanga telephones ta
every room; terms reasonable.
B. DU CARPE. Prop.
BOARD for the summer ia a nice private
home In San L«andro: one hour's ride to
San Francisco: all the fruit, Tegetables. but-
ter, eggs and chickens; home raised; accom-
modations first class and home like; rates
?ery reasonable. Box 4276. CalL
HOTEL BALTIMORE.
1013 VAN NESS AVE.. NEAR GEART ST.
SELECT AND FIRST CLA33.
PHOXE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 70ft.
HOTEL HATTON.
977 Pice st., near Taylor: elegantly furnish »d
suites, private baths; all moden a conven ienc«s;
American or European plan.
HOWARD. 841A— First-rlass board with room,
single or double, $4 50-15 week: As terlcaa
family: home cooking: borne comforts: piano.
GEART. 1003 — Sonny, newly furn.. connecting,
parlor floor; suitable for family; with beard.
HOTEL ELSMERE. 41.« Sutter — Sunny rooms:
excellent table: from $40; single $23.
SUNNY froat room and beard for two. 228
Guerrero et.
WASHINGTON. WlS^-Newly furnished sunny
suite; bath: rooms with board. $25 and I Pi.
VAN NESS ave.. 1714 — Elegantly furnished
suites, wlta baths: also siagls: homelike.
CHEAPEST and best ta America— The Weekly
* Call. 18 pages, sent to any address ta tae
United States cr Canada one year for Sl.
ROOMS AXD BOARD WASTED.
BY refined young couple with Infant, suite ot
rooms and board with respectable private
family; near G. G. Park preferred; must be
modern and good table. Box 4CS4. Call.
VERY large unfurnished attic room, wit— sun,
with board or dinners, ta private family.
Box 4017. Call office. ¦
UOOMS WANTED.
2 UNFURNISHED rooms at once: state price.
Box 4CS5. Call office.
STABLES TO LET.
STABLE with 4 stalls; concrete floor. 4 Adalr
St.. off Howard, near Sixteenth.
DIVIDEND . NOTICES.
SAN FRANCISCO aad Sut urban Home Build.
Ibs Society. 5th floor. Mutual Savings Ba_ k
building, »CS Market St.. opposite Third— >
i For the half year ending 31st of December.
1903, a dividend has been declarad at ta«
rate ¦ per : anr.ua of (12) ¦ twelve per cent oa
capital stock and participating certificates.
tree of taxes.* payable on and after SATUR-
DAY, January *. 1904. JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARD. Manager. HUGH CRAIG Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice — Mercantile Trust Company
of Saa Francisco. Dividend No. 3 of three
dollars per share wilt be payable at the of-
fice of the corporation. 4*4 California St.. San
Francisco. April 1. 1004- Transfer books will
doee March 24. 1904.
JOHN D. McKEE. Secretary.
V. M I*LO V ME XT W A X TED FEM AI.E-
VOUNG »crc_n — 'cald like position: nurse, or
..iv:t»- rqi mil _mn . nepcrtr*— cd. cn< 1 Polte ft.
1V3TTIOK i-'r n?»t relnird Eastern woman: .
.tlderiy: UJu-s chiHrca: C*o4 P-^la cook; ca- |
¦•»:•- entire work cf taaslly; »*— cr? 51-- I-"-;* j
-'ga. Call Office. ]
WOULli like rx^iUf a a« Ml-sl.-.dy in millin-
ery store: -waxes in net ar.ge for hat. Box
«025. Call. ¦ I
i-'JDDLE-AGED -:nan would like a s'.f.ia- !
Uos to* iio Us*U Housework; good re.erenci.-j ,
. giver.. B-ix 4CS4. Call. |
~XD_RLT A— i»r!:--n wxKBma wishes position j
for fccusework; good home; small ira|«- •
22S S«-ec_i mi^ I
fOSITION — art*, fcy trained nurs* in doctor's
effice fc*«t of rredrr.tial*: 10 years' experi-
ence. * Uox .09*; Call office.
A NEAT. — *?x?ctat:e — i!__ie-aged woman d»-
sitm *rrr* for a f— — ' hoars "lJtlly or a*«;-*.
»;ih li'ttt houtur or'«. ir s;_&U i<r!vat_ fam-
Ily. AiS—M yP.P. I... l-"3», Firth St.
BKFUCSD vour.g wocian wantr position as
t. .,>¦• keej<er for g«rtle— iar.; no cbj'ctlon to
chilflr«»n 'Bex 4011. Cail u/ice.
BTRONCJ girl warts *iti:alicn a» chamb*— _ald
ir. *mteL A'idrv-M 570 Utai. St.
TO-'NG coior«! _;irl wishes a pr-eltlon for a
f*^ h'urs' — -crlc. Call lO_0 PaciSc et.
NEAT German t.rl wishes situation «s second
sverk in ccuntry; •¦•-_¦¦» $25. Bcx 4231, Call.
ADVFTRTI5EMENTS. sul«rrlpticn« received »t
r. U branch office. e~ r. Duncan <fc Church s<s.
WANT ad* *T.i F_b«eriptlor.» take* for The
Call al Eaton's Bazaar, cr. McAllister. St..
EMPI,OVMI_!*T WANTED — MALE.
COi'.FETEXT rr. adle-ar^d man wishes sltua-
t:.r.; LbaroocbJy understands care of horses
and r:gs; tar.Jy and useful about r-ace';
t*5t of r»;»r«nce». Box 4127. Call of£ce.
SPEAK 5r«irUeh ac_ G*m:ac; accurate at
f.g_r~«. wast c>rical posi:Ii>n svr.y where and
'¦ living wages; — ffeiru-es beat. AdJntw L. A.
KXVDELSOX. 2US Go:4«r. Gate ave.
ilAN cr rnMdie-age. icteligeat and reliable,
» l«he» pti*:t'.or. a* — 'aichrr lan or ariben he
can -:ir himself generally useful; moderate
»»g-^i. Bcx 4124. Call office.
SOSITION dcs:r*d ia I'rtvate fan-.tly to drive
• and -care tor automobile; country preferred:
fii* all-around tr.aa. test cf references. Bcx
4:X', Call v :_cr.
A YOUXO* man winJie* r*~«'ticn in rr :en't fur-
Blafaing «J«;r— rt— i«-ct: axe iS. and - little ex-
ptn^ice. Box 41*>>. Call office.
[PCCXBER tZicecswedJ. £:«t-cla_«. wants work
bv';be day or we«k Ire— l property cwr.er;
' has all rs-crSiary ph;p t<x>Is. B^x 41&5, Call.
WANTED— Position by middle-ared man; good
. gariltt:«rr: understands hcri Mrs and can niilk.
- ' Eox 4121. Call office.
»COPY&OL~«SB a=d reviser— Youn* mar., well
i.educatci. seeks, position; read any M5S. Box
403t>, CaU office.
•"^ARKEEPER war.ts position; city cr coua-
ir; * can I'urslsh reference; &g« 3J. Address
. . _bc?s 4134. Call off.ee.
_T.'OL'NO tt:a— -.ed G*t— tan wo_l<J like a situation
: . of any _tad: has s -¦>: recc— i— ien^latlon*.
A.A£rrfs C. HES5. SKI Twenty-sixth »t.
"'YOUNG man withes position as marker for
'• ierpe. arfea!ec_te house; 2 years' experl-
• enc«: relertrr.c^e. Adiress tcx 4v72, Call.
. CI3CU.I.AH distributer — Vour.g man wishes
po»jt:cn for atte— loons only; reliable and
¦'.- rrfervr.ce-s. Address bcx 41oS, Call.
" JANITOK — Reliable young — ;an wishes posi-
iict.: f.aving 5 years' experience; references.
; , Ad£B£sa box 41t4. Call.
I U r. o: buying shop: city reference;" »>ber,
Rtfcmdr. — iarrzeJ. Hex 4135, Call.
•tl'jJKED man wants jwsiticn as rtab'srnaji
-. i-s teiirruttr; understands his bu?in«»ss and
• r.:t" afraid or work. Bcx 4<*%7. Call.
TAlLOB — I*Irst-cl»w ladips" cutter aad fitter
.* dfs:r»s position, with many years' experier.ee,
¦¦¦ yvirjr lull satisfaction. Bi^x 41T2, Call office.
. A TOL'NO man fro— i t_« East wants position
• n j;i»:ts- inrni5i;:ag»: can furnish beat of
r-f^rpr.^y. Box 41^1. Call offic*.
,V[XXTED — A pesitien as bookkeeper in a
• •r^oiesaU graduaie of P. B. C. Ad-
. ir;.«y bcx IC.K*. Call office. Oakland.
VOCX<J man wi«hes position as clerk in a
.. -roQ— itr.g-hou«« for night work only: expe-
. r-.f-no? and r?fer»nc<?s. Address bos 417S, Call.
YQUNG man wants position in hardware store
• ' t vlunjtiing shopr bcs^iess experience. Box
• '4"17.V Call cfSce.
; YGL^NG n»r. ¦»-'.£_«« light work on rar.ch In
*ou::taics lor beard and sniall —Liar}-. Box
\ 4147. O__,
. FIRST -CLASs? barter wishes position at
f prints, fcr jtiton; hctel work for wife. Ad-
ures^ U. B.. Call Branch. 639 McAllister st.
WANTED— A p<:«i:«on as Janitor. Adiress C.
JON'E?. 24<.> Sacramesto rt.
is a cock. 540 Howard st.
O'jOIj tjholsterer and carpet-layer will work
fcy tt* day cr piece. 229 Eleventh St., S. F.
•.P.'CK-K— First-class : drurs aad glzsstrm.
Box *'.+'). Call off.ee.
F^P.TEKDER wishes situation; best of ref-
ere^cjes; city or country. Box 4C39. Call.
WANTED — Positicn as nirht clerk In hotel.
Address box 4OX). Call office. :
TQIJ'SG dan wants pcsitloa as dry goods
saleerraE. Address bcx 4030. CalL.
SITUATION as a cook. 1 Lexington sve.
IUT5Q . man warts Job as carpenter. Box
40f6. Ca'.l.
TOC3TO rr.aa wm\i like work, ci asy k!r.d.
¦ B. F. F.. 11 Nat-ra rt.
T^TTNO -rr.an would like emplor— »ent cf any
kind. Bcx 4CS3. Call.
YOUNG ma war.t* position to do general
Kousgwo.-k. Addrf s box 402S. Call.
TOUN.O inta war.ts position as traveling
. ag»r.t. Address bcx 4023. Call.
' WANTED — Position ac janitor in wholesale
house. Address box 4027. Call.
WASTED — Position as stenographer; expert-
'seed m legal work. Box 4C4«. CalL
WANTED — Work as porter. ED FAP.GO. 1637
Kentucky st.
BARKEEPER »ar.ts situation; tas first-class
rrf*r»r.c-*g; city cr country. Box 40C1. CalL
TOUN'5 -an. Lick student, desires evening
cr Saturday employment. Bcx 4128. CalL
EXPERIENCED plumber wlraes steady pcai-
tlc=; city cr country. Bcx 4041, Call.
YOUNG man «tnU a position In str>re. Ad-
t--.-.- box 4123. Call office.
BOY IS. strong and r»'.lab!» wishes — -ork of
ary iaad. Addrws box 4044. Call office.
FIGN _'p«.ir.ter war.ts wrrk. 1122B Harrison et.
illDt-LE-AGED Tr.aa wants situation; will
lend *4"0. B'— : 41TQi Call office.
XVJRTTTR wishes sltcatlcn; best cf references.
, . Ecx 4173. r_!l office.
LAETES* ta II~ -. with experience la cutting
j s!nd Ctr.ng. wishes p-j*lt!cn. Bcx 4179. Call.
GA«DE.VEK. Mfe experience in greenhouse a_ d
!>r.dscape — .-ork, able to take charge of big
• place," wishes situation ; reference*. Bcx
¦4'jcii." Call oZfi«"«-
A MA.N cf invinrlbie Integrity would Ilk- a
pc«_ \va a« watchman or collector. Ad'irtes
- *va=»4> Libra Genius, C10 Octavia St.. city.
X&CSiO bxls. war.ts to learn the bai-
te-4es trade. Bex 404S. Call.
•rET.G~NTHALER machinist -op*ra ter; posi-
. .:Hn ia email city. Box 4062. Call office.
.A YOUNG man wishes light work on a ranch;
wUii&s and steady. Bcx 40C3. Call office.
POSITION as foreman of mine; can run hoist
&ad .-. w jr;»a tools. Box 4010, Call office.
WANTED — Situation ty reliable young —tan;
is • v; T:>.-r.i «¦<! driver and understands care ,
of fcrra <s «n3 private rtable work; refer-
escfr. Address box 4014. Call. office.
AN experienced law yer. bockkeeper, ccrre-
*l>rnd<rftt. busices* — sansger. etc.. will «e-
cept poeitlon cs nr.al! salary with corpora-
t»n. Bcx 4003. CaK.
MAN and wife; wife firzt-class Ger— isa cook;
man to attend to horses and garden. A-
MADS~N, 1537 Market rt.
STEADY, sober and active man wishes chance
to learn paper haruring; can furnish refer-
tnces. Address F. P. GAVAN. 2733 Filbert.
A KEL1AELE. sober man. handy with tools; :
hav« »s_Jl rarltal and services to invest.
Hr.x 40C1. Ca'.l orflce.
BARCER— First -class frcm New Ycrfc. vmu
flrrt-claM jirsittca. Address Barber, bcx
44C5. C5»:i efft-c. "
IJA RBER wsr.ts petition la city limits: saber,
•tea dy Bia.a: — tarrted; city references; union.
Box <11«. Call office.
FIR£T-CLA5S ceilarmcn <Gent iar.) wants pos'-
tkin to t«nd bar. O. SCHHLLEU, 5t2
East Twtl.'th «L, East Oakland »
BOOKK£KPr:rt ¦w-.-ints to _*ep xmall set books
during leisure time. Cox 4356. Call office.
YOUNG'— Lan. 2S yrars of age, 11 years' gen-
eral experience both wholesale and retail !n
toys, novelties. hcu;>e furnishing goods anti
i-rooer's sundries, wants position with kochI
concern, either in or out of city, where
close aro'.icafion to business is appreciated;
can furnish, the best of reference. H. A.
I SMITH. 1C82 Bush st.. fan Franc isco-
! A LICENSED er.jlnesr and machinist wants j
position; city references. Bcx 433y, Call.
' A nrtST-CLASS Chinese cook wUhes a pesi- i
tioa la cUy hotel- YEE GOE. room i.0. £22 [
Clay st.. S. F. I
1 JAPANESE young boy —-ants a position as j
tchoolUoy in good small family. Address |
; TAICI. 1503 Fillrriore »t.. or 12103 Larkia .
ft.; phone Scot: 1.03. !
j WANTED— PesKicn by~a Chinese younj man;
graduated In commercial college. Apply to
22 Waverly place, city^
A CHINESE boy would like position as cook
!n small fair.iJy: wages $S5. R. KEE. 7
U:v: !.an; [.!ac#.
' A JAPANESE bey wishes position as porter.
wcrk In ttsre cr elevator boy. Address
NATAGAMO, 448 Natoma st.
i A JAPANESE, many years' experience, as j
step— asher. dish— -aaher. hoTi»ecl>»anlng. etc. t
Addr«--i T. KARA. 121 Halgfct st. j
FEATHER RENOVATIXO. i
BT new fcralttrul process. Cal. Steam Feather
Co. 3t3 Van Ness ave.: tel Howard 3107.
¦ FLATS TO LET.
j AAA— HOUSE RENTING DEPARTMENT.
All desirable vacant houses and flats are list-
ed tn car free renting department: ever 1000
lr r._ r.t«-r; a cosibined Hst frcm all agencies;
let us give ycu a list and help ycu to Cad a
place; we never fail; *ervlce free.
STERLING FURNITURE CO..
1033 MARKET ST..
: OPPOSITE McALLISTKR-
| A— HOUSES sad flats to let; an Immense list;
sen r:ce absolutely free; take advantage cf
this department; it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 24S-2S3 Geary
¦t., on the square.
A REAR cottage of 3 eunny rooms in fine or-
d»r; "anitary plumbing and basement; at
141 San Carles ave., bet. Eighteenth and
Nineteenth sts.; rent $10. Owner at 43 Bart-
'ett tt.. twt. T— -enty-first and Twenty-ieccad.
NO. 3029 — A n-.odem Rat of 7 large jur.ny
rooms and bath, with the latest Improve-
ments: in the »ar— i belt of the Mission; on
Twenty -fifth «t., bet. San Jose ave. and
Guerrero St.
|
i FLAT to let — 5 rooms and bath; modern;
S^'i CO: Eighteenth «.. near Valencia. G.
A. LEP.OUX. Real Estate and Insurance, 29
N»w Mantcoir lery St.. opp. Palace Hotel.
: ELEGANT n«Tr unixr and middle 9 aad 10
rocnis; isa in every room: beautiful view
of city; with gas cr coal grates. 92S-S0
Pierre ct.
$25 — NEW first flat, 7 large rooms; slso up-
p*r fiat. 7 rooms; sun In every room. 1443
Broderick «t.. near Post; fiats open.
MODERN flat of 6 rooms and bath; yard:
key in basement. 1521 U Broadway, "near
Van Nrti ave.
$27 W) — To let. fine Funny cor. flat; 7 rooms
and bath; northeast cor. Twenty-sixth aad
Castro ets.
I A SUNNY flat of *ix rooms and bath: din In
every ro~~— i, at U3 Carl st.. near Stanyan.
I BROADWAY. 1263, n*ar Hyde — Neat runny flat
of 4 large rooms. *It»: 3-roo— i flat. $11.
I DEHON. C. bet. ieth and 17th, nr. Sanchez-
Upper flat; 4 sunny rooms, bath; co children.
EXTBJ-KA, -'ifH. cor. 20th— Eleeant modern
flat of 5 rooms; $22 50.
GRAND view at Calif., cor. Lr on; new modern
sunny fum. cr unfurn. tath and laundry.
GROVE. 7ss> — Lower modern fiat; six roocs;
tath; adults; newly tinted.
LAUREL ave.. 221. cC Vaa Ness ave.. bet.
Turk and Eddy — Four rooms and bath.
t LAGUNA. 2703 — Elegant corner flat. 7 rooms.
bath; — larlcf visw; $40; 11 to 12. 4 to 5.
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let. Call
ca LTON & HOAG, 116 Montgomery »t.
LEAVEN*WORTH, 151S^4-room flat] rav
bath; r-at $18.
LINDITV ave.. C06 — Three nice sunny rooms,
base— ;ent; rent $11.
MODETRN flat. 6 roc— is. bath: new; must be
i-a. ta be appreciated. 22? Bartiett st.
SEVENTEENTH. 4162. near Castro-st. cars—
Sur.r.y upper flat, bath acd basement.
j SOMETHING new; 4 rocrr _ and bath: see It to-
iay. 657 Haye* st.
SUNNY cor. flat; modern; 6 r— is. bath; rent
$->5. Ccr. McAllister and Broderick sts.
SOMETHING new; 4 rooms; s«e it to-day. 957
Hayes st
SWELL gunny flat; quiet. 1001 California «t.
FLATS TO LET FURNISHED.
PINE. 710. near Powell— $125 per month; ele-
gantly furnished house of 7 rooms and bath;
ail modern con\-enlences. VON RHEIN
REAL ESTATE CO.. 513 California st.
FLAT, 4 rooms, well furnished, yard, best locs,-
. tion. t:> responsible parties; 15' minutes' walk
to Hearst bldg. E. Lloyd, r. 406, Hearst bids.
$35 — NEW sunny furnished flat; piano; five
rooms and bath; nesr Park; marine' view;
open daily 2 to 4, p. m. 167 Tremont ave.
ELLIS. 912 — 5-room sunny furnished fiat; ex-
tra ban rain: easy terms.
NEWLY furnished 5-rocm flat; modern 2222
Polk st.
WASHINGTON. 2833. near AIU Plaza— Beau-
tjmlly furn!ih»d *unny flat of 7 rooms.
FLATS FOR SALE FURNISHED.
VAN NEES ave.. 507 — For eaJe.'cheap, fnrnU
ture In 7-rocrr l fiat; several rooms rented.
Hours, 10 to 3 Sat. and Sun., after 3 wk. daya.
6-ROOM sunny upper flat for sale; complete;
account departure: rent reasonable. 3532
Twenty-fourth St., n^ar Guerrero.
MUST *ell at once; new furniture of 5 eunny
roomed flat: everything complete; bargain.
3270 Twentieth st.. near Folsom.
COZY Cat, 3 rooms; completely furnished; rent
$16 50. Call to 4 to-day. 123 Leavenworth.
GOOD furniture of a modern 6-roo— i flat. Call
to-day. 3.17 Fell st. ; bargain.
A SACRIFICE; flat of S rooms and bath; all
new furnishings; fine location. 753 Eddy st.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
CHEAPEST place to buy furniture, stoves and
household goods of every description; Cats
bougbt. Ulssion Auc.House.429-4.t9 Valencia.
FLRMTLRE WASTED.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4462.
buys . rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
HIGHEST prices for furniture and mdse. L. H
BCBD. auctloneer.1818 Mkt.;tel.Howard 275«i
KAUSJTOJbET.
BOTHWELL BROWNE'S Cosey Corner Hall
can we rented for select affairs. 364 Hayes st.
HELP WASTED FEMALEU
FIP-ST-CLASS cook. city. $40; three waitresses
and parlor maid. $25 and $30; five good sec-
end sirls, $20 and $25; cook, smalt washing,
$.J0: second girt. San Rafael. $25: general
housework girl*. Sausallto. $30; ten house-
work girls, city and country, $25 and
$20. MISS PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter St.. near
Powell.
A— WANTED — Girls to learn hairdressing^
xaanicurlr.g, etc.; trade taught from A to 3
lr 2 weeks: $5 to those entering now; 3 po-i
•itloc* to fill Immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up: leading school tn
West. 233 Geary St.. room 13.
A — Girls to learn millinery now for spring sea-
son: both ceaaocs taught from start to finish
ia 1 — teeth for $15: positions as trimmers,
salesladies, etc. guaranteed at $10 per wk up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton st., r. 13.
A — LADIES to learn all branch's halrdresslng
trade, manicuring, massage, etc. 1238 Mar-
ket St.. cor. Jones, room 94; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve. class; call.
WANTED — Young women between the ages of
l*t and 25 to enter the Training School for
Nursery Mslds: excellent pusitions awaiting
trained workers. Apply between" the hours of
1 aa<2 3 at 1214 Hyde at.
WANTED — 500 ladies to learn la 10 minutes
to clean their ows kid gloves; no fakr; com-
plete Instructions mailed for 50c. St. Paul
I Cleaning Co.. box 1540. Santa Barbara, Cal.
LADIES — To do piecework at their homes; we
furnish all materials and pay from $7 to $12
weekly. Send ' stamped envelope to Royal
• - Co.. 34 E. Monroe st., Chicago.
CLERKS bockkeepers. stenographers desiring
position s.T.d name and qualifications to
Western Business College. Odd Fellows'
bldg.. Market and Seventh sts.
SALESLADY — One experienced fn crockery
tfreierred; moderate salary. Box 4004, Call.
HET,P WAVTF.n — FRWAI.E Con.
WANTED — Monday forenoon, j parlor maid.
American family, city .* $30
Second girl. San Mateo, see lady to-day 10
o'clock $23
Second girl. San Rafael, lady at office 10::il)
Monday $25
Second girl, Ross Valley, April 1 $25
Five sr^-end girls, city S2O-J25
- nurt# girls, upstairs work.. $20
Laundress, private family, city. ........ .?30
S cha— ibertnal'is and waitresses for country
hoiol $22 W)-$25
3 waitresses, hotels, city $2O-$25
And ether places too many to advertise. Call
Monday. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter.
PLEASANT, profitable employment for every-
body suring spare time; s».-nd for circular In-
closing 10c. to CLARA SMITH. Golden Gate
station. Oakland. Cal.
WANTED — Apprentices to learn halrdressing
and ir.anlcurtns; will pay while learning.
Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALS
BRUS.'
$10 WEEKLY pleasant, profitable home work;
no canvassins: no schema; ix&rtlcuiars for
stamp. C.o-"peratlve Supply Co., Pass— 1c. N.J.
TALL, good-looking lady of fine appearance:
must be a convincing talker; satesiady; sal-
ary and cr>— imissicii. Box 4137, Call office.
WANTED — Experienced saleslady In veilings,
laees and muslin under— ear. Apply at JOE
ROSENBERG'S. Slti Market st.
WANTED — First-class union tailors on coats.
S Virginia. Court, bet. California and
e:s., off Dupont.
ERRAND girl for alteration department Ap-
tly Monday S:30 a. m. I. MAGNIN & CO..
4-l-CS Ellis st.
THREE women cf good standing, well ac-
quainted in city, to do business. Box 4087,
Call office.
A— OPERATORS on ladles' waists. 626 Mis-
sion St., third flocr.
A — OPERATORS on ladles' under— rear. 6M
MIsslcn st. t— ird floor.
A — TUCKERS on ladles' and children's under-
wear. CM Mission st., third floor.
A— SEWERS to take work home. 650 Mission
St., third floor.
GIRL for cooking and light housework; ref-
erences. 3043 California et.,cor. Baker.
WANTED — Millinery saleslady; must be first
class; good wages. 1113 Broadway, Oakld.
WANTED — Your.g girl to assist la housework;
sleep home. Call Monday 2212^ Pine st.
WAIST hands and improvers wanted at 1407
Laguna st.
LADIKS" tailoresses and finishers; call to-day.
796. Sutter st.
WAIST and skirt bands wanted. 2014 Sut-
ter st. ¦
WANTED — Experienced saleslady for lace de-
partment. MARKS BROS.. 1220 Market st.
WANTED — Operators i on ladles' wrappers.
MARKS BP.bS.. 122O Market st."
A FIRST-ciass tailoress on custom coats;
st»ady wcrk; good pay. 533 Natoma st.
LADIES can earn $20 a week by selllny our
10c novelty. Call room 34. 421 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS skirt and waist maker. 570
Eli is st.. downstairs; call Monday."
WANTED — Experienced saleswoman. Apply
betwetn 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS".
WANTED — Experienced jacket and skirt alter-
ation hand. Aooly between 8 and 11 a. rn.
at HALE BROS'.
A FIRST-CLASS maker and apprentice wanted
in millinery store. 602 McAllister st.
WANTED — A cirl for housework and plain
cooking. 1205 Polk Et.
WANTED — First-class waist and coat helpers.
J. BAER. 1200 Geary st.
GIRL for general housework and cooking. Ap-
ply 1638 Buchanan st.. bet. 9 and 12.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan at Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has beea
cpened at IOCS Market st., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m,
HELP WANTED. — MALE.
AT THE CAL. EMP. AGENCY— UPSTAIRS.
14 Third st Phone Bush 405
NEVADA.
Govern— iMit Job, 8 hours.
2rt teamsters, $2 25 a day
2t> rockmen. ?2 5O a day
20 laborers, ?2 0O a day
SPECIAL CHEAP FAKE
5 laborers, city, 0 hours, $2 25 day.
Carpenter, city, $3 50 a day.
Carpenter foreman, J4 a day.
CARPENTERS.
4 carpenters. $3 50 a day
Truck gardener, $3O and board
Boy of 15 years to assist on milk wagon.
$15 and found.
CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 14 3d St.. upstairs.
AT CONTRACTORS' AGENCY,
Ocen Sunday, 10 to 12 — u
05 Third st. Telephone Main 5521.
Best Proposition Offered Yet.
2O 4-horse tea— late— i 20
Wages S2 25 8 hours
Govern— tent work Nevada
Special Inducement regard refunding fare.
Fee $1 .....Talk to us
HORD & SMITH.
ANDRE'S office. 317 Stockton st.— Man about
place, wife cook for hunting club, north, $ort;
greenhouse gardener, commercial place, $35
and found; French boy, private place. $2O;
driver and — 'ork In factory, country. $25 and
tound: nurse for hospital. $25: waffleman,
country hotel, $40; waiter, family hotel, $30;
cook, plain hotel, near city, $60; Swedish
butler, $50. etc.
TWO coachmen, $35 and $40 and found;
gardener and wife; two farmers and
wives. $35 and $50 and found: milker,
$30 and found; carriage blacksmith,. $3
• day; restaurant second cook. $«0; broiler,
$16 to $1S — 'eek: hotel cook, country. $50 and
found. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 623 Sacra-
mento st.
A — HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, r. 12.
Waffleman, ?40 and found; pantryman, $15;
office open Sunday, 9 to ll:3O a. — t.
WANTED — Good company offers long contract
aad good salary to 3 experienced solicitors
and collectors; must : furnish good recom-
nvr.datlcns and from $300 to $500 cash secur-
ity, which will be well secured. Unless you
can comply with requirements don't answer.
Address box 4043, Call.
WANTED — Salesman to sell Jewelry for man-
ufacturer who makes the finest line of sale-
able articles: big profits can be made by
men or women In their territory; no charge
for samples, whether you are holding a posi-
tion at oresent or not. Write at one* to the
Liberty Jewelry Company, 403 Water St.,
Plttsburg. Pa.
WASTED — Up-to-date organizers for old
fraternal society, paying accident, sick,
death and endowment benefits; large returns
for good producers; salary or commission.
American Fraternity. Washington, D. C.
AN experienced salesman wanted for boys' and
children's clothing who thoroughly under-
stands the business: a permanent situation
at good salary for the right man. Address
. with references box 4138, Call office.
SALESMAN want«d by prominent manufact-
urer: must have rood record and experience
drumming retail trade; permanent position
and liberal salary to right man.- Address
box 4445. Call office.
WANTED — 10 men In each State to traval.
tack sisrns. distribute circulars & samples of
our goods; $60 per month; $3 per day. for
expenses. KUULMAN CO.. Dept. H-8. Atlas
block. Chicago.
WANTED— A Japanese boy for light house-
work and plain cooking for Invalid lady;
sleep home; wages $15. Call 73 Pond st. ;
Castro-st. car; call between 12 and 2 p. m.
WANTED — Salesman to represent a popular
line of children's dresses In conjuactlon with
kindred- lin*: tall season. NeotUne Mfg.
CO..-S26 Broadway. New York City.
BY manufacturer — Trusty assistant for branch;
$18 weekly; permanent: no capital required:
experience not «s*ential. Address Branch
Superintendent. Corno Block. Chicago.
SALESMEN — High-class specialty men; for
staple line with advertising proposition; can
earn $5000 per year. BARTON -PARKER
MFG, CO.. Cedar Rapids. Iowa.
CLERKS, bookkeepers, stenographers desiring
position send name and qualifications to
W*s:em Business College. Odd Fellows'
bldg.. Market and^Seventh sts.
WANTED — Good stock clerks: must be ex-
perienced in wholesale millinery business
and come well recommended. . Apply HOLM
_ NATHAN. 612 Market st.
ALERT solicitors and canvassers: good future;
rapid promotion: salary and
Western Correspondence University. 825
Golden Gate ave.
WANTED— An experienced butter, egg and
cheese drummer for a wholesale commission
house, with references. Box 4152. Call office.
WANTED — Experienced traveling salesman;
staple line; good pay: permanent position to
high-grade man. Drawer S.. Chicago. '
WANTED — Machinists. mold#rs, blacksmiths,
tea— tstrr* and woodworkers to - stay away
from Stockton: strike. S. F. Labor Council. '
WANTED everywhere : — Hustlers to tack signs,
distribute circulars, .samplts. etc.: • no can-
vasatng; good pay. Sun Adr. Bureau. Chicago.
WANTED — Easter egg decorator. , Apply at
HOFFMAN'S, 12W Broadway, Oakland.
A— OPEN TO-DAY,
SUNDAY. S TO 12 A. M. J - v * -<
MURRAY Jfc READY. (HI and 636 Clay St.
PHONE MAIN 5S43.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
**^ - WE SPEAK .
ITALIAN GERMAN SPANISH
GREEK FRENCH ' SWISS
In 1003 we gave J During 1904 we hope
work to CO.OUO men. to increase 60,000
FREE FARE FREE FARE
TO NEVADA STATE .^/ri/V .
If you stay four months — THATS ALL.
GOVERNMENT WORK.
153 teamsters $2 day
155 laborers .. $2 day
155 rockmen. drillers $2 5O to (3 day
Bight hours day , . Irrigation work
$1 FEE — that's all II FEE— that's all
¦v TO THE MINES.
Co machine, single and doubt* hand, 152 50
to $30.
ALL OVER CALIFORNIA.
ARIZONA Close to P—Mcott
810 miles. $9 ia •
Co5 teamsters, laborers, drillers, etc, %2 to
$3 day.
Don't be stlnsry with your distance — get
closer to lands ot eunshine. CENTER OB*
GREAT MINES.
ARIZONA AKIZONA ARIZONA
MECHANICAL.
Machine blacksmith. $3 25 day.
3 machinists, country Job, $2 50 to (3 80 day.
blacksmith, manufacturing company. $3 day.
Blacksmith, country shop, shoe, etc.; f 1 50
day and found.
Machinist, country Iron works, S3 50 day.
Blacksmith helper, country. $2 day.
Planer and sticker hand. Oregon, $3 50 day.
Painter and paper hanger, city. $3 day.
4 tallymen, lumber company, boss here, $90.
LOOK •
¦ Young man. office work, city dairy, $40. .
Driver, wholesale route, city dairy,- 940 fd.
Teamster aad handy man. city dairy $35 fd.
Man, care of etalllons, country, $o0 found.
Cher*— ian. institution, German, boss here,
$25 and found.
6 laborers, Scandinavian, lumber company,
>2 25 day. . '- \ •
MILKERS.
26 milkers, all parts of California, $30, $33,
f40 and found.
4 butter makers. $40 and found.
12 farm aad ranch hands, $23. $26, $30 found-
4 milkers fare paid, north. $35 found.
'WOODCHOPPERS. ETC
125 wood choppers, all over State.
Postmakers, shake— takers, etc.
VALET
Boss here 3 p. m.. $40 and found: first-class
references; exceptionally rood job.
MUP.RAY & READY. 634 and C36 Clay st.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
• 12 cooks, different places. $30 to $75 found.
Cook. 15 men, ranch. $40 axid found.
Waiters, dishwashers, bellboys, elevator-
boys laundrymen. $15, $20, $30. $40, $50.
JCO, $70.
Nurse, institution. $25 and found.
Oystermen, $40 fd.; second cook. $40 fd.
Man as cook, wife as chambermaid, $45 fd.
Dalrrman and wife. Sonoma County.
LOOK !
DRUG CLERK, country. $50 and found.
LOOK !
Laundryman and wife. Institution, $65 fd.
Baker, "institution, country. $50 and found.
MURRAY & READY,
£3 i and 636 Clay st.
YOUNG man can earn business or shorthand
course by working a few hours daily. S. F.
Business College. 1236 Market st.
UHXTED — Men and women to learn the bar-
ber trade In eleht weeks. 'Western College
of Barbers. G47. Commercial st.
BOY about 16 years of age. with reference-
Apply S. N. WOOD CO.. 740 Market St.,
tailoring der-rtment.
DETECTIVES everywhere: good salary; no
experience. Intl. Detective Ajrency, MI1-
waukee. Wis.
WANTED— Draughts— >an accustomed to de-
tailing terra cotta work. Gladding, Mc-
Bean & Co., Rlalto building.
WANTED — Experienced foreman for brass
works and foundry- For all particulars ad-
dress box 1002, Cail office, Oakland.
JOHN E. STOUTENBERG — Leave address for
J. W. Carter, Law Library; Important.
BOY wanted. Call to-day at 116 Sixth street.
ERRAND boy .wanted. Shoestore. 235 Bush
street.
PARTNER wanted In barber shop; ?20O. Ad-
dress tox 4031. Call. ;__
STRONG boy, 15 to 16 years, to help In beer
bottlln_ works. 120 Kin? st., near Fourth,
WANTED — Young man; must be hustler: a
No. 1 business; small capital. Box 4176. Call.
TO learn new. well-paying trade; several -days
required; work Inside. , IWB Ellis st.
GOVERNMENT positions— More than 15,000
appointments last year. Examinations soon.
Thousands appointed were prepared by the
National Correspondence Institute. Washing-
ton, D. C. Write for circular J-l, giving
list of positions, salaries. examinations,
sample questions, etc.. to our Pacific Coast
office, 027 Market St., San Francisco, CaL
__ _ _
Men to learn the barber trade In two months
snd secure good positions; catalogue and full
Information mailed free. MOLER System
College. 635 Clay «t. >
PLEASANT, profitable occupation for every-
body during spare time. Send for book, in-
closing 15c, to J. J. KIRBY. 476 Jessie st.
COATMAKER for country. -»PPly REISS
BROS. & CO., 24 Sutter st.
[ UNCLE SAM wants help; 14.000 appointments
10G3; free exam, rarer & catalogue giving
1 . positions and salaries.Dept.C, WesternCorresp.
University. 925 Golden Gate ave.. San Fran.
WE pay $32 a week and expenses to men with
rigs to Introduce poultry compound; yearns
contract. Imperial Mfg-. Co., Dept. 54, Par-
sons. Kansas. • r ¦'; > ;
A MAN of indomitable energy and push, a good
talker, eaarer to make monev F. PERSON.
477 and 47S Parrott building.
OFFICE maa; collect, take orders: salary and
commission: $100 required. 33 Mason, r. 3.
WANTED — Bootblack at Arena Barber Shop,
1161 Jefferson et., Oakland. .
FOR sale — Flve-chalr barber shop. Apply 137
Sixth st. _^
WANTED— Several bright boys, 16 to 18
years old, good references, to learn a whole-
sale business; salary $15 per month to begin
with; reply in own handwriting. Box 4112.
Call office.
YOUNG man willing to give services outside
school hours In payment for his education.
California Business College, 923 Golden
Gate sve. -
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno IIgms* proprietor, has
ad£»d 100 new rooms to the Denver Hous«%
217 Third st.; 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
TRY our men's* shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 60 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 60; we pay
express or mail charges. 11 3d St.. Exam, bid.
WANTED — Experienced domestic salesman.
Apply bet. B and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS*.
TWO barber shops for sale cheap. Call at
936 Vj Howard »t-
WANTED — A small barber shop In country
town. Box 4015. Call office. i ,.
BARBERS — 3-chatr • shop for^ sale; easy
terms. Addre*s box 401 S. Call office.
YOUNG — i«n (sailors) wanted for steair tera.
23 Montgomery ave. .;
HALF Interest in barber abop. 611 Commer-
clal st. '
i Pension Atty., E. A. Bullls, r. 40, Phelaa bldg.
| Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. O. A. R.
' MAN to do janitor work for tuition la S- P.
! Barber School. 741 Howard •_
YOUNO men. «allors. blacksmiths, carpenters.
green hand*, for ships. Herman's. 27 Steuart.
j WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
' ket — 70O rooms; 3.1c night; reading-rooms;
free 'bus and baggag* Jo and from terry.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan A Church sts.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and
subscriptions has been established at lOOti
Valencia st. \ .
ALL sizes men's shoes. -. sllgh try damaged, half
price. . 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 23c
to 60c. 5C3 Mission at., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
' SOLICITORS WABfTOP. ¦
WANTEIV-
Ladies or gentlemen; guaranteed . salary $73
to $100 per month snd expenses, traveling or
local, and in addition we > will pay all your
expenses to St. Louis Exposition and return;
Investigate at once. Call at 476 13th St.. r. 7.
Oakland. , MRS. SARAH H. MOTT. Manager.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H.UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery.
MCALLISTER. 1260 — 12 rooms, bath and bll-
1 llard-room: $60: water free: modern. ;;
BEFORE moving get our printed list of bouses
to let. BALDWIN, & HO WELL, 25 Post st.
SUNNY a2-room house: marine view. Apply
1316 Grtea <t.. bet. Polk and I-arkin.
HOL'SEsItO LET— FTJRNiSHED. ,
SHIPLEY. 247— A newly fitted up . 7-room
house: suited for 2 families; will let to one;
¦ rent $30.
TO LEASE.
TO lease — Kenllworth Inn: re — lanrtcally sit-
uated la Mill Valley: 3«> minutes' rid* frcm
San Francisco; completely furnished: 4O
roods; steam and hot water baths:- elec-
tric lights; heaters throughout: elevators.
*tc; rent low. Apply MADISON *
BURKE. 30 Montgomery st.
TO lease — Large, elegantly appointed building;
cf 4 stories and bo.^— ient: electric elevator,
steam heat; r= mden i in every way. Market.
near Fifth. Arply to EASTON. ELDUIDOE
* CO.
I ——¦——»- —|
i Zir-5i Vn JJL EIlS AVD SUPPLIES.
AN exceptloaally good No. 2 Remington. .N& I
Smith Premier. $25: other typewriters at
higher and lower prices: reata'.s $2 5O Th«
Typewriting Exchange. KS California" st.
A FEW gr id typewriters at S3O each : get par-
ttcuUrs of L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery nt-
—————— ——————
SD-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Tyr* writer Inapeg. Co . SOS Ma rket.
STUTTERING AND STAMMERING.
THE MELBOURNE SCHOOL for the cure of
stuttering aad stammering, corner Vaa Ness
ave. and Market st, S. F.. has beea estab-
lished ia this city for 3 years and shall con-
tinue, for It Is founded en true merit aad has
th* commendation of reputable physician*
everywhere. It teaches a superior system
and challenges results. No wbolesal* etass
work, but 4 hoars' Individual teaching daily,
reducing nervous obstracf.cn to speech anl
leading to thorough control. Withta reach
of atl Business hnura. I to> 3 p. m.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses were Issued yesterday a*
follows;
Guslar H. Haberland. 30. 2O Albion arenuaw
aad Anna il. Puls. ZX, 20 Albion avenue.
James Lyons, 3«J, city, and Maria W. Volck-
•TS. 34, city.
Antonio F. Poltt 2S. 511 Broadway, and
SeraSna AUessi. IS. city.
Peter F. Dybwad. 23. South Vallejo. ar.4
Olufine Thanem. 23. city.
Cajetaa Grumwald. 33. 621 Con ltae-relaX
sti-«t. and Marie Hedlge.-. 2S. 8S3 Filbert st.
John Kruger, 48. Pleaaanton. and Martha
C. Applejarth. 50. 1040 Pest street.
Albert Eernaton. 23. 410 Bush street, and
Oiya V. Carlson, 22. W3 Lombard street.
John S. Johnson, «). Salt Lake City, aad
Reglaa C. Hetrick. 44. Akron. Ohio.
John Rury. 3!>. 138 Tenth street, and Mary
D. Mock. 4O, 126 Tenth street.
Ianocente Varaechi. 24. 11C3 Montgo— ie— f
street, and Adeiina Cuneo. 1<*. 7>>6 Branaaa st.
Ecedro G. Gonzal.*s, 22. 31 Broadway, and
J Natalia Enciso. 1». 31 Broadway
George Klmasel. 3?. 14 Hayes street, and
Christina Welsa. 55. 14 Hayes street.
EIETHS-HAfifilAGES-DEAm
Birth, marriage zr. I death cotlces sent by
Bail will not te Inserted. They must be handed
la at either of the publication offices aad b*
indorsed wttb the name and residence of per-
sons authorised to have it* same published.
Notices restricted simply to th* announcement
of the event are paallsbed once In this eoiuma
fn hs of charge. __
BOR.V.
BRUNOTTE— Ia this eity. March H. 1304. r,
the wife of George H. Brunette, a daughter.
FAZACKERLEY— In this city. March 17.
lSXH. to the wife of R. E. Fazackerley. m
daughter.
GLEASON— In this city. March 14. 1DO4. t»
the wife of Robert E. Gteason. a son.
GRIFFIN— Ia Oakland. Cal.. March 23. 1304,
to the wire of P. J. Grifan, a daughter.
HAGEDORN— In this city. March 21. 1304. t»
the wife of A. A. Hagedcra. a son.
LINPP.KI'.G — In West Berkeley. CaL. at 12HI
Haske'J street. March 22. 1S4O4. to the wtf*
of John l.ir. H -t:. a son.
marriedT"
ARR1ES— MfRPJSON— In Salt Lake. TUh.
July 3. 19C3. Wiiliam A. Arries of Salt Laks>
and Alice M. Morrbon of .-.in Francisco.
BRECKLE — GRIFFIN— In tai.-» city. Marcn 23,
19O4. by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, William i H,
Breckle anj LlHte Griffin. . * t*
BC"ftROWS — EATWELL— In this city, at 232A
Clara street, by the Rev. Dr. John A. B.
Wilson. William Burrows and Rosa Eat-
well, both of this city.
CLARK— BENDER— Ia thla rity. March 23.
1W>4, by the Rev. J. Fiwnd-img. Harrtsoa
Theodo— » Clark and Franceses Margaret
B«nder.
LUCAS — MINER— In San Pablo. Cal.. Feb-
ruary 14. I9C4. by the Rev. Father Nolan.
John P. Lucas cf San Pablo and Mrs. Saiils)
Morrison Mlrnr of San Francisco.
~~ DIED.
Ahearn. Daniel Konigshofer. Ann!*
Buhlert. Margnerite Ltnd*. Chris
Cole. Jane Plnkham. Mrs. U. I_
Oausea. WilHam H. Qutnlla. Albert O.
Davis, Earnest A. ¦ Rickltlon. Mary
De la Guerra. Juacita, Schroeder, Claus
Doraa. James Scllivaa, Marc~.ret
Dufrane. Joseph Swain. Cbraellus
Goodha*. Frank B. Tevlin. Lucy
Grunagle, George Thcmason. Edwin O.
Hedspeth. Wm. G. Volkert. Adolph
Keho*. Peter J. Waite, Frances M-
Kengla. Dr. Louis A. Walker. Oscar V.
Kezdall. Caroline S. Young. James
AHEARN— In th!3 city, March 2rt. 1304. Dan-
iel Ahearn. a native of Ireland, azed 7t
years.
EXNotlce of funeral hereafter.
BUHLERT— In this city, March 28. 19O4. Mar-
guerite, youngest and dearly beloved dauga-
ter of Jean and Mary Buhlert. aad sister of
Emile Buhlert, a native of Saa Fraaciscow
aged 9 years asd 3 months.
8_TFrl«niJj and acquaintances ar» respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to- mom — * '
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her parentsv 1211 Howard •tre»:. near
Eighth. Inter— te-t Mount Olivet Cemetery,
by electric funeral car fro— i Eighteenth, and
- Guerrero streets.
COLE— In this city. March 23. 1904. at th«
residence of her daughter. Mrs. Thomas Y.
Burke. 792 Elizabeth street. Jane, dearly be-
loved wife of John Cole, a nati vo of. Ireland,
aged 65 years and 7 — tonraa.
C~*Friends of the family a— » resp*ctfal!y
Invited to attend the funeral Monday. MarrS
iS. at S:30 o'clock, from 772 Elizabeth street.
thence to St. James Church, Guerrero a-d
Twenty-third streets, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CLAUSEN — In S*attl«. ~ u _, March 24. 1904,
William H.. beloved sea of Eva and ta«
late Francis Clausen, aad brother of Fte-
dolf. Sophie and Aaisa Clausen, a satire of
Saa. Francisco.
DAVIS— la this city. March 25. 1904. Earnest
A. Davis, beloved «on of Mrs. R. Hewitt, and
brother of R. J. and George O. Akin. P. Da-
vis and Ruby Hewitt, a native of Califor-
nia, aged 31 years 4 months and 14 days.
C7 Friends and acquaintaaees are respect-
fully Invited ta attend the funeral t»-mon— — r
(Monday), at 11 o'clock, fro— t the resldenc*
of his parents. 237 Twenty-seventh, street.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
DE LA GUERRA — Ia this city. Mirch 2*.
1904, Juanlta de Ia G'l-m, dearly belovsd
wife of the late Frederick de la Guerra. lov-
ing mother of Mrs. M. H. Casey, Mrs. L. A.
Bonllla and* Joseph d« la Guerra. and dauzV*
ter of Antonio and the late Ron loaa Garcia,
a native of Saa Lois Obtspo. Cal.
DORAN— In tai« city. March 29^ 1904. James,
beknred husband of the late Mary Doran,
and father of James II.. Thomas N. and An-
nie Doraa aad Mrs. N. Woodheck. a r.*t!v»
of County WexfTd, Ireland, aged 73 yearsv
INew York papers please copy.)
C7Friends and acqualatancea are respect -
fully lavited to attend tae funeral f-norr ;w
(Monday V at 8:30 o'clock, from his lats
residence,. 1C<5* Capp street, between Twen-
ty-fifth and Twenty-alxth. thence) to> Su
Peter's Church, where.* requiem high n ia*e
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul.
co— imencins; at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Crass Cemetery.
DUFRANE— Ia Oakland. Cal.. March 28. 1304.
Joaepn Dufrane. father of Fn ink and James
Dufrane and Mrs. J. H. Blake, a native of
Canada, aged 74 years.
GOODHUE— In this city. March 24. 13nj,
. Frank B, dearly beloved husband of May
Goodhue. father of Louise Goodhue. and
brother of Mrs. Wlatt and Fred aad J. W.
Goodhue. a native of Pomona. CaL. aged VS
years 8 months aad IS days. (Los Angele*
papers please copy.)
E7Frien(!s and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the paricra.
of H. F. Suhr A Co.. 11-77 Mission street, be-
tween Se-*nta and Eighth. Interment L O.
O. F. Cemetery.
Continued on Pase 44.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
iSucceaao— • to Flannagaa it Gallagaer.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. M#T.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMD.vLM_R3.
20 Fifth st.. opoatte Lincoln ScaooC
Telephone Sonta 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
Funeral Directors and Em bate tars ¦
For— terry ta Met— jpolttaa Temple. flRQ
NOW at "M MISSION. Tel. South 147.
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fift_ st.
Finest Equipments at Moderate Rates.
F. J. Bo-ahaa. Manager. Tsl. MlrsUm 3L
MONAHAN, O'HARA & CO.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND E"MB.\LM_A_,
- 2339-2341 Mission »c. n*ar NlaetesnUw
San Francisco.
Ja_ .es McGinn. * U«nry Haosea. t
JAMES McGINN A COl. j
For— itr'.y XVlta McGinn Bro» . I
—Funeral Directors and Embalm——— — — ¦ I
214 Eddy st.: T«L Sooth ««. |
HOUSES FURNISHED— FOR SALE.
FURNISHED fiat of 4 rooms and bath: U25 If
sold this week. Box 4160. Call.
A HOUSE of 7 rooms, furnished, for . sale
cheap. €38 Minna st.
I &-ROOM house; sacrifice; leaving city; laves-
tlsate. 305 Goldea Gate ave. - .'
HOUSES WASTED.
FURNISHED house wanted; central. Ad-
dresa box 4C52. Call.
INVESTMENTS.
WE buy and sell all active stocks and bonds:
also high-class mortgages; carefully selected
» securities always on hand offered at from
10 . per cent- to SO per cent below regular
prices; list of. 600 bargains in well known
stocks free on request; get cur quotations
before buying elsewhere. 'WATT & COW-
PER-THWAITE. Investment Brokers, Stock -
ton. Cal.
, HORSES AXD WAGONS.
TO be sold at auction, 20 bead. of all-purpose
j horses, 40 sets of harness, also a large stock
' ' of carati. express and peddling wagons at
1140 Folsom «.» • Tuesday, March 29. at
11 a. m.
REGULAR auction sales of horses, buggies,
wagons and harness every Monday at 11
o'clock at 615 Ellis sl; all horses guaranteed
to be as represented. S. W ATKINS. Auc-
tioneer. Phone East 743.
AUCTION sale of horses evtry Wednesday at
11 a. — i., 327 Sixth st. : every horse must be
as represented or money refunded. JOHN J.
DOYLE. Auctioneer.
$75— BAY mare: good driver; also good under
saddle: must be sold at once. Apply to I-
J. MORAN, 2131 Shattuck ave.. opposlta
Berkeley station.
CARRIAGE horse. 18 hands, weight 1200 lbs.,
price $200; carryall, - good as new. $75.
butcher wagon, new. $125. Box 4079. Call.
SAN FRANCISCO Veterinary College— Next
session begins June 4. Catalogs by applying to
DR. E. J. CREELET, 510 Golden Gate ave.
FOR sale — Gentle, medium sUe work horse;
$45. 17 Woodward st., nr. 13th, Valencia.
ONE 2-seated pony buggy, top wagon and bust-
ness buggy for sale cheap. 1304 Folsom st.
DELIVERY wagon. In good order and cheap.
73S Folsom at.
WANTED — A good sound horse for a butcher
wagon. Box 4275. Call.
Dr. J. H. Halton, veterinary surgeon. Office,
hospital moved 314 Fclaom; tel. Jessie 16C0.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon
and go-cart for sale, cheap. &32 Mission st.
Largest assortmt 2d-hand wagons, buckbd. sur-
rey, harness, work, driving horses. 15tb-Valencla.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A NUMBER of very desirable sunny apart-
ments. 3 and 4 rooms each, with bath, toilet,
elevator, etc.; unfurnished or furnished to
order; new house. The St. Charles, 156O
Sacramento St., near Larkln.
BIRCH ave., 615— $S; 3^ good unfurnished
rooms for housekeeping. Apply 842 Grove st.
BUSH. 1523. cor. Van Ness — An elegant suite
of 2 rooms and kitchen; gas range.
CALIFORNIA. 1502 — Three nicely furnished
front rooms: reasonable.
EDDY, 753 — Parlors and other rooms; new
furnishings; llsht housekeeping; very reas.
ELGIN Park. 58 — Three sunny rooms baths;
new ami modern: for man and wife; key
at 76. . •
HOWARD. 1635V5 — 3 large sunny housekeep-
ing roome, $10.
ELLIS. CSS— 2 sunny rooms, nicely furnished:
gas range, running water; $25.
FIRST, 317 — Large front room for light house-
keeping for two: running water.
FULTON, 233 — Two connecting housekeeping
roon.s; gas range, grate: no children.
GEARY, IQKJ — Sunny corner rooms, 8 win-
dows, n»wly furnished; regular kitchen; $22.
GEARY, 1625 — 2. 3 or 4 rn is., newly furnished;
housekeeping roorr-s; gas range, bath, phone;
rent reasonable.
GUERRERO. 220— Beautiful connecting rooms;
sunny and large.'
JESSIE. 323 — Sunny room, furnished, house-
keeping, gas. range, sink, closet; $2 75 week.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine —
Sunny, furnished 3-room suites; steam heat-
ed, electric lighted; free baths; rate $30 up.
LARKIN. " 41S — Sunny housekeeping rooms
and single rooms; large yard.
LILY ave.. 12. off Franklln-j-5 rooms, newly
furnished for housekeeping; reasonable. .
MARKET. 2174 — Front sunny room: nicely fur-
nished; also housekeeping room; bath; phone.
MCALLISTER. 331 — Parlor floor: 4 unfurnish-
ed rooms; gas. bath; adults; $26. Before 3.
MINNA. 230 — 3 housekeeping rooms: very de-
sirable; sunny apartments; very cheap rent.
OTARRELL. 627 — A sunny room with bath.
CFARKELL, 778 — Large sunny front room.
$14; also sunny room. $10; newly furnished.
CFARRELL, 1712 — Entire floor of 4 rooms, or
will subdivide. Ptone Geary l"05.
POLK. 1404 — Snncy furnished rooms; single or
housekeeping; gas rang", bath; with or with-
out board: rent reasonable.
SUTTER, 1022 Vi. near Hyde^ — 2 large sunny
parlors and kitchen ; gas grate, etc.
TAYLOR. 1211—2 sunny front rooms with al-
cove: marine view; comfortably furnished for
hous«keeplng; gas range.
TWENTY-SIXTH, 3367—512; 2 front house-
keeplng rooms; in Mission warm belt.
VAN NESS ave.. Sll— Nicely furnished bed-
room, dining-room and kitchen; private fa— t-
lly; no signs. .
VAN NESS ave., 926 — Elegant auaay suite of
3 housekeeping rooms In modern flat.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office. cor.Duncan and Church sts.
A BRANCH offic* of The Call for the reception
cf advertisements and subscriptions has beea
opened at IOCS Market st~ opposite Fifth.
Op*n until Hera.:
Housrsaxurryo books wajtticd.
WANTED — By a young married couple. 2 part-
ly furnished rooms and kitchen, with gas
range; north of Market st. within 8 blocks
of Call building. Address, stating price. Box
4111. Call. ¦ 7 --•"¦; ; ." .:
APAKTMX-T EOTT3E3.
A— '- ST. HDl_k.rRE AP A RTMKN TS
ST.. NEAR GEART. — - — :
Will be ready for occupation In a few
days. Everything new. Maks your
resen rations now. Elegantly furnished
apartments with private bath — 2. 3 and
4 rooms; steam heat: electric llcht;el»-
vator; private phones; rates reasonable
•— — » ' k
A— CORDOVA APARTMENTS
. Will be finished March 13.
1084 SUTTER ST.. NE. COR. LARKIN ST.
Beautifully light and sunny; 2-3-4 rooms and
bath each: all unfurnished; $27 50 to $40.
Make reservations now. ' v
THE MONTICELLO. "
1474 Sacra— tento «t-. P. Ex. 714: 3 and 4
room apartments, furnished and unfurnished;
all licht and sunny; new and modern.
ET. CECILE. 113 Fell, above Vaa Ness— Toe
¦ acme of perfection In elegantly furn. 3-room
apartments: private bath*, steam heat, elec-
eiie lights, elevator, gas ranges: $30 to $35.
MASON. 823 — Etegant 2. 3. 4. 5. 6 room apart-
ments: new place; new furniture: sun. elec-
.' trie light, eas. grates; adults. Phone Black
2845. .
ST. LOUIS. 1573 Jacksen st. — Modern 3-4-5
rcoms; also single; furnished or unfurnished;
marine view; references. Phone East 1350.
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and 1'nfnrn.
A— THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
115 AND 117 EDDY ST.
115 AND 117 EDDY, ST.
MOST MODERN AND UP TO DATE HO-
TEL DOWNTOWN: 150 ROOMS: 35 SUITS
WITH PRIVATE BATH: ELECTRIC
LIGHTS: STEAM HEATED THROUGH-
OUT: TELEPHONE IN EVERY ROOM;
SUITS WITH BATH. $1 50 to $2 50 PER
DAY: SINGLE ROOMS. 75c to $1: HOT
¦ WATER DAY AND NIGHT. TELEPHONE
SOUTH 1041. .
A BEAUTIFUL suite ' of furnished : rooms of
front and back parlor, convenient to Call-
" fornia and Hyde sts. cars; also telephone
- in bouse. Call cr address Mrs. -J. De A.,
1331 California St., : near Hyde; phone Sut-
ter 2970. ¦ -
- '¦;. - /' ASH WORTH HOTEL.
S20 Mason st. % - bet- Geary and OTarrell. -
Rooms with or without - private hath.
New addition ¦ just comDleted; entire house
newly ; renovated: sun in rooms all day.• DES MOINES. Iowa, March 26.— Governor
CummlnB, who: has been • sufferine" from ': a
threatened attack of pneumonia,- Is now Dro
aounced out of danger.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
SAILED.
DOMESTIC PORTS,
. Saturday, March. 26.
Btmr Senator, ' Alberts, :" Victoria, B/ C. •
GRAYS . HARBOR— Arrived j Mar 2^-Stmr
Coronado. hence Mar 23.-- ; < ¦ ' ¦
¦ SEATTLB — Arrived :• Mar 26— Stxnr Hum
boldt, from ' Skagway. ¦
Uses Billiard : Cue as Weapon.
John Faulk • was i arrested yesterday
morning and with assault with
a "deadly, weapon., Faulk was engaged
Ina" game of billiards in a Third street
saloon when an -.'altercation arose be*
tween ¦ himself and Edward - McHugh.
The result was that-, ; McHugh was
struck on' the, forehead, with a cue and
Faulk was arrested. - ¦ '¦
Archie Campbell and David F. Cox,
both of whom will be 1 charged with
having been parties In a scheme to
swindle P. Van Loon out of $3100 last
January, were arrested last evening
and their names placed In the detinue
book. Ben Pincus and George W. Wil
liams, who are suspected of being Im
plicated In the same deal, will be ar
rested to-day.
Pincus and Williams were arrested
before and charged by Van Loon with
having swindled him out 1 of more than
$3000 by Inducing him to play on the
races. The ' case^ was before Judge
Fritz, and A. Ruef, attorney for de
fendants, procured their release on a
writ of habeas corpus. The case was
later transferred to the court of Judge
Campbell and Cox Are in Prison,
"While Capture of Others Is Ex
pected to Follow.
First Step Is Taken to Secure, General
Co-operation .in Beautifying
San Francisco.
The directors of the Association for
the Improvement and Adornment of
San Francisco yesterday sent out a
statement to many prominent citizens,
who are invited to -lend their aid and
co-operation in the" work to be per
formed. The statement sets forth that
the. main objects of the association are
"to promote in every practical way/the
beautifying of the streets, public build
ings, parks, squares and places of San
Francisco; to bring to the attention of
the officials and people of the city the
best methods for instituting artistic
municipal betterments; to stimulate the
sentiment of civic pride in the improve
ment and care of private property; to
suggest quasi-public enterprises, and,
In short, to make San Francisco a more
agreeable city In which to live. Finally
to discover and Indicate ways and
means by which all these results may
be. best attained."' '
T>: H. Burnham'has been invited to
visit the city and aid in the preparation
of a plan for the adornment of the city.
Among ' the suggestions that the di
rectors "make in this direction are the
following: . s -
"In this plan various suggestions can
be incorporated, such as an auditorium,
an opera-house, an open-air amphithe
ater, of which our climate will adndit, a
museum, art •- gallery, aquarium, ob
servatory, so, needed, for instance, on
Buena Vista Park, immediately south
of the : Baker 'street entrance of Golden
Gate Park, which commands perhaps
the ; finest view of .the city, . bay and
ocean. Private beneficence may follow
the "suggestions when made by great
artists, and our, citizens can thus leave
after them monuments - which will at
once be enduring, beautiful and useful.",
'An -advisory, council .will be formed.
The co-operation of the American In
stitute of Architects and of local art
and civic organizations is Invited. The
advisory committee wlllconslst of dele
gates from* organizations.".; ; .''
VAN IX>ON CAUSES ARREST ..
OF SUSPECTED SWINDLERS
ADORNMENT ASSOCIATION
ANNOUNCES ITS PURPOSES
Van Loon claims that last January
he was-Induced by the defendants to
play the races and that after he had
lost 53100 he awakened to the fact that
he was being swindled.
Cook, where it was dismissed on the
ground that the arresting officers failed
to furnish sufficient evidence to war
rant their conviction.
Deputy- Coroner Fennell was suspend
ed by Coroner Leland yesterday pend
ing an investigation of charges pre
ferred against him by Emile Nelson,
proprietor of a saloon at the southwest
corner of Third and Polsom streets, but
was - subsequently restored to duty, as
his version of the affair waa accepted.
Nelson claimed that Fennell had as
saulted a bartender In his saloon, chal
lenged him to fight and called him
names.
Coroner Holds Investigation.
We do not enrich the present by
ridiculing the past,
PHYSICAL TRAINING
OP THIS JAPANESE
A System That lias Bern In Vogue
2300 Years Has Wrought
Wonders ,Therc
The belief in physical training has
really been a matter of quite modern
growth in England, but as it was slow
to come, it came with a rush. For
we seem to have been taken with a
positive mania for physical training,
and there is as much danger of our
overdoing it as there was of neglect
ing what we know to be essential to
health. Let us take a lesson from th«i
hardy little Jap, who is the embodi
ment of "wiriness" and who seems in
capable of fatigue, though his sus
tenance is only a few grains of rice.
The Japanese have practiced a sys
tem of physical exercise for over 2500
years and to this Is due the splendid
physique which enables them to with
stand fatigue. They have been called
the "healthiest, strongest and happiest
men and women in the world"; and
the credit for this must be given to
jiu-jitsu, the system referred to.
There are no less than six aifferent
systems of jiu-jitsu, but every one is
based on diet and the healthy state of
the body. Every muscie is brought
into development and hardening by
the system, which means "muscle
breaking" — a term that^does " not ex
press the fact. Four years are need
ed for the full development of the
system; years of regular, patient prac
tice and gradually the pupil begins to
feel its. influence. The most Interest
ing part is that which deals with the
daily habits of the student of jiu
jitsu.
Twice a day he will bathe, If he
would imitate his Japanese teachers;
a gallon of pure water will be con
sumed during the twenty-four hours
and he will 'eat no meat Rice comes
first in importance as an element of
diet; next come vegetables, fish and
fruit, meat being scarcely ever used.
Fresh air, naturally, is absolutely es
sential not only to jiu-jitsu, but to
good health and vigor In Japan as
elsewhere, and a special study is made
of the Influence of deep breathing
upon the student.
But -what will surprise most people
is ' that something . mostly needed be
yond all" these — equanimity of tem
per-^s essential. The. reason of this
is that there are too many tricks,
which are dangerous to life and limb,
to be . Intrusted to a person whose
pasions might- overpower his Judg
ment. — Black and White.
By ioura Bride Powers.
?After years of waiting, hoping and
planning, the reconstruction of the
king's iiighway from mission to mission
through «he State is at last in a fair
way to be realized. Where a few years
s£o si?oradic interest was manifested
}n the movement of the restoration of
ihe missions and the correlative move
ment of reconstructing the roads that
Joined thrrc together, organizations and
communities are now bending their ef
forts toward the patriotic work, and
euf eess will— must— follow if every Cal
ifornisn rallies to the cause as befits
a loyal son.
We have talked mightily of our love
of Htate.'of our devotion to her devel
<y?ment and reputation; now let's prove
It by doing for California that which
"kJU distinguish her among her com
peere; not only in the West, but in the
najtion r {or nowhere In the United
States is there a possibility of such a
read as that of the pastoral period in
•Qaliforcia-r-El Camino Real. And the
beauty of -the matter is that a goodly
proportion of the historical old road
'exists to-£ay as county roads.
¦. Now comes a State call for a conven
tion for the purpose of taking action in
the matter, Santa Barbara having been
Belectefl as a compromise ground be
tween the northern and southern parts
cf the State. On April 19 and 20 the
convention will convene for the purpose
of forming a State Camino Real Asso
ciation and outline a plan of precedure
to further the end that means so much
tcthe social, esthetic and financial wel
fare of the State.
The following is the formal call as is-
Biied. by the organizations directly in
terested:
• A State convention is hereby called, to be
•held &t £&nta Barbara on the 19th and 20th
«lii>-» of \ in:. A. D. 1904. for the organization
'« ? a State Camlno Real Association and the
election of delegates to the National Good
Jteads Convention, to be beld at tit. Ixmls on
3viay.16.to 21, Inclusive. 1904. Conventioa to
«xr.\-ene' at 2 o'clock d. m. of April 19.
The object and purpose of the association to
be formed are to be. nearly as possible, as
Xollowc: I *
Virst — To unite all the commercial, eoclal
and «c*icultural interests of California In a
«;f TiCrtM plan for the Improvement of the publTc
' '^ighwajTs, which will have the co-operation of
ell taxpa^n and officials of the State.
Second — Such plan to include the procuring
•f legislation by the law-making body of the
State- of California that -will provide for the
X>crtlcination by the State government In the
preliminary location, surveying and platting
*yf a comprehensive system of roads for the
Koite and Uie appropriation of a fair propor
yon ©f the funds necessary for the construc
rl^n of the same, anfl to secure for such ptir-
I>cse a fair pro;»rtion of euch moneys as may
be appropriated by the Government for public
road building, and by It apportioned to the
Elate of California.
• Third — Preserving the original Government
road of Spanish California between the Mls
¦ v ;•¦ r.s San Dieco and Solano de Sonoma, and
j-pfri'.-- the history and tradition* of the
road.
r . Fourth — Investiratlng th* aflapta-billty of
portions of this road to the purposes of a main
highway, with the twenty-one Franciscan mls
•elonn as ftations and landmarks upon It.
" — Securing surveys In each of the coun
ties along this route of as much of this ancient
road us Is In existence, and connecting such
purvey* with surveys of practical extensions
cf such existing portion! of Bald road, which
.•will be !n cor.Eonance with the scheme for a
*s»1m hlrhway for the entire length, and to
J-^ve surveyed and platted other roads inter
eectlrg It which are -of sufficient importance to
v-g.rrant their being Included !n the general
jlen of a State highway system.
• Sixth — To make this main highway from San
Es^go to Solano de Sonoma MK«ion a memorial
highway, preserving Its Spanish name of El
Camir.o Heal, and urging the building of an
•*rten*lon thereof from Its northern terminus
ncrtherly through the Faeramento Valley to
Hk northern limits of the State as a main
lilgfcway.
Seventh — To create and foster Interest In tne
• era a mentation of the border* of public roads
end of tM* property abutting: the same through
cut the State, and to further by every posFlbl*
means an Interest in ornamental tree culture,
fieri culture and forestry within the State of
California.
. nrpr?ser.tation In said State Convention will
be by delegates selected and appointed as fol
lo»t: c
Tli* Governor of the State of California.
The President and President pro tem. of the
Err.ate.
The Speaker and Speaker pro tem. of the
' Aoembl?.
The Chief and Associate Justice* of the Su
j»f!Ke Court of the State.
¦ The .Attorney General of the State. -
Htate illzhway Commissioner.
Two Geleeates at large to be appointed by
tb> G»Stenior.
Mayor* of municipalities.
Cities of fi.'ih and sixth class, one delegate
¦«arh.
Ci:J.es rS the fourth class, two delegates each.
Cities of the third class, three delegates each.
GitiM of the second class, four delegates
«arh.
Cities «f the one and a half clasr, five dele
gates t-a^ti. to be named by the committee en
Camlno Real.
. Cities of the first class. Fix delegates each,
¦ to be named by the committee on Camino Real.
Said delegates to be appointed by the Mayor!
or chairman of the /City Council where, there
Is no Mayor,- except in cities of the first and
first and a half classes, or by the president
of the Board of Trustees.
One delctatc from each county Board of
Eurrvijx-rs. .
One Celfgate from each Chamber of Com-
Ttierce end each Board of Trade la each city
with -a imputation of 3000 or more,
.i.; improvement clubs, oae delegate from each
county.
• Fe<!*rated Improvement clubs having an act-
" 4 t»> menibcrchin of «t least ten local Improve
ment clubs, one delegate each. *
• ttiKtBrical eocletle*. one delegate each.
I/andmarks Club cf Southern California, one
delegate. - .
, • California Historic landmark* t<«ague. one
<«"l^p-ate.
Rtate and district promotion committees or
d#-vclopment sneorlatlon organized at the date
cf *his call, one delegate each.
Native Sons of the Golden West, eighteen
•iele^rates. to consist of the grand president,
prand vice president and two delegates from
*ach Congressional district of the State, to be
appointed by thf- (rrand president.
Native Daughters of the Golden Went, ten '
<3ei»gates. consisting of the grand president
rind grand vice president and one delegate
from each Congressional district, to be ap
pointed by the grand president.
One delegate from each Camino Real asso
. elation or club.
. Automobile rlubs. two delegate* each.
Farmers' clubs, one delegate each.
Federated Women's clubx. fourteen delegates,
including the State president, thirteen dele
cat^* to be appointed by the State president.
Tiae president of the State Council of Women.
• Ptate Wheelmen's Association, one delegate.
Ban Francisco Cycle Board of Trade, one
delegate.
Southern California Cycle Board of Trade.
cine delegate. ,
Southern California Division League of Amer
ican Wheelmen, one delegate.
Focl«?ty cf California Pic-n(?er«. one delegate 1 .
Poci^tv of Plon'rr Womsn. one delegate. -
Daughters cf California Pioneers, one dele
gate.
'Driving" club?, one delegate each.
All organisations to be entitled to represent
ation must be in existence at the date of this
call.
Alternates will be recognized, but no proxies.
The following oommitte-** wi!l make the best
. possible arrangements with the railroads for
reduced fares and advise the delegates prompt-
If with respect thereto:
A. P. Fleming, \V. R. Bacon. Henry E.
Carter, committee from Chamber of Commerce
of Ijt>* Angeles: J. U. Knowland. Rufus P.
-Tennine*. Mm. George Uw . Smith. " committee
from tHe Chamber of Commerce of San Fran
*-l*co: I. B. McMafcUI. Paul IBboap. 8. n. Can
fipld. W. A. Wilmar. committee' from Central
Coast Improvement Association.
And here's to El Camino convention
may it gather together men and women
whose heads and hearts are in the right
place — those that are essentially Cali-
Xornlajis, not sectionalists. Success
to It* . . '
Delegates to Be Sent From
All Leading Improvement
Clubs 'and Other Bodies
CALIFORNIA AWAKENS
Call From Prominent Or
ganizations for State Con
vention at Santa Barbara
EL CAMINO REAL
TO BE REBUILT
THE ' SAN : FR ANCISGO ¦',; CALL, SUNDAY^ MARCH ; 27, 190^/
44
Fortunes have been made In
San Francisco Real Estate-
Splendid : chances , yet remain.
See ? choice ' bargrains • udver-
tised in classified 7 ads.
I If It does not pay to hold your
I - unimproved - property —
;: EXCHANGE IT.
'Good; propositions offered ;
. daily in THE * CALL classified
columns.", : f i ¦ s
¦!¦ " '" : / ' • • ' — " •-•-¦• 4
ADVEBTTSETffT!NT3>
j-h cr\A/ C\/C C?^^ R ITT P % m f *^ QEdiL3
4lil * UUU dsssJ8=as«S!f-»"-'
• • i\\\\V\\\\\\m"V-. 1^^»S*'^ hair commenced to com«i oat *nd la
; '• A\\\\v\\\\\w\\VCTn a * hon Mm* I got »o b4ld UlAl I wa«
. ' " 'JSSHSf if - this p hott >^p^ and testImo - ssuj^jya wisffifiss'i
"¦'V^WSxS^^' and Unsolicited. suippf>dfallin«ont. Iamnowonmr
•'* ¦•wwJwsSr Thi9 is nroof Positive tkat fourth boui»m>«in>Th*irji«ta«pres-
•• % *;<5?^ DANDERING 13 the greatest ftomy and early, wnf>r» tiwudnJ
•' -^ luirands^pinvigoratingreinedy %^APm?*F*5S£S& whiS
¦ ¦IIIHM mm MB ' u^C world has ever known. CToatlr •nno/ed m»>. I cannot tp—X
FUfcfe You can go toyour druggist and get a fc
¦ ', IS a Uca Oat bottle for 25c. -which will be enough to *««¦ w "• p *5£"f w_»
satisfy you that i it will produce hair, «nd do it quickly, or " t^ JSOAB<ulfc
send this ADVERTISEMENT to us with ten cents in stamps or silver to paypostage.
and .we will send you a large sample by return mail. The samples we give afe large
enough to produce beneficial results, in many cases be'ng enough to stop bad cases
of hair falling andstart thehairtogrowing again. NOW on sale atall druggists, three
sizes, 25c, 50c, 91 .00 per bottle. KHOWLTOR DA5DEED7E CO., Chicago,
For sale and guaranteed by REDliMGTON & CO., Wholesale Agents
DEATH NOTICES.
Continued • From Page 43.
GRUNAGLE — In this city, March 26. 1904,
George Grunagle. father of George L. and'
Jacob S. Grunagle and Mrs.- H. M. Owens,'
a native of France, aged! 76 years 8 months
and 28 days.
(E7"FriendR are invited to attend the
funeral cervices Monday,- .March US. at '2
o'clock, at Masonic Temple, under the
' auspices of Starr King Lodge No. 344, F.
and A. M. Interment Drivate.
HEDSPETH— In this city, March 26, .1904,
William G. Hedspeth, a native of Missouri,
aged 37 years 3 months and 1 day.
KEHOE— In this city. March 25, 1904, Peter
J. Kehoe, a native of County Carlow, Ire-
land, aged C3 years.
KENGLA— In this, city, March 26. 1004, Dr.
Louis A., beloved husband of Ellen<-Ro«e
Kengla, a native of Washington, D. C, aged
43 years. '. .
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
; fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from St. • Mary's
Cathedral, where a solemn requiem high
mass, ¦will be -celebrated for the repose of
his eoul. • Interment.. private. . Please omit
flowers. ... '
Knights of Columbus — The . members of
San Francisco Council, K. of C, are. , re-
quested to assemble at St. Mary's Cathe-
dral at 10 o'clock a. m. on Monday, the
28th • lnst.. ¦-• to attend the solemn- requiem
mans for the repose of the. eoul of Dr. L: A.
Kenrla. , ...
KENDALL— In Palo Alto. March 20, 1904.
Caroline 8. Kendall, relict of Paul R. Ken-
dall and mother of Marion A. and ¦ Flora C
Kendall, a native of Bethel, Vermont, aged
78 years and' TZ days. ¦ -¦-'_—
KONIGSHOFER— In- Tucson, Ariz., March 24,
1904, Annie Konigshpf er. beloved wife • of
Julius J. Konistholer,' mother of Mrs. Jennie
Goldbaum of Tucson and Leon A. Konigs-
bofef , and sister of J. A. Sheeran, a native
of Encland. ¦ v ,
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Monday, March 2X. at 1:30 o'clock, at her
late residence, 2137 Santa Clara ave. Inter-
ment Drivate.
LINDE— In the City and County Hospital,
March ,20, 1904. Chris Llnde, a native of
Germany, aged 119 years. / ' • - ¦ ---
PINKHAM— March 26, 1004,, Mrs. Harriet
Louise Pinkham. dearly beloved mother 'of
Miss Ella M. Pinkham. (Boston; papers
please copy.) . . •
QUINLIN— In this dty, r March 25,' 1904, "Al-
bert G.. beloved son of the late A. G. ' and
, Elizabeth Qulnlln, and brother of William
G. Quinlin, a native .of San Francisco, . aged
31 years 2 months and 12 days.
RICKLTION— In this city, March ¦ 26,. 1904,
Mary Rickltion. wife of the late John Rickl-
. tlon, ¦ a native of Bo8tonr£>3£B$3£QjS
SCHROEDER-r-In this clty>, March . 26, 1904,
at hfa residence, KiS Gough street, Claus,
dearly beloved husband of Meta . Schroeder,
and father of. Charles J., Henry C, A. Wll-
liam, Anna.' Emma, - Minnie . and Llllle
Schroeder, a native of Mlnstedt, Hanover,
Germany, aged 63 • years 10 months and 14
days. • • . • • ¦.-•- ¦ _ ¦• ¦ . : • %;
1 E7Notlce of funeral hereafter. ' ;
SULLIVAN— In Oakland. Cal.. March 25, 1004,
Margaret Sullivan, . beloved wife, of Mortimer
Sullivan, and sister of Mrs. - Ellen . Shellman
Michael Finlgan and the late airs. Ken-
nedy, a native of ¦ Craughwell, County .¦" Gal-
way, Ireland. ,
lOTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invltsd to attend : the funeral on Mon-
day. March 28. 1904. at 0:30 o'clock, ¦ from
her lats residence. Thirty-sixth- and 'Grove
-vetreets, ¦ thence to Sacred Heart ¦ Church,
where a solemn high mass will be c«l#brated
for the repose of her soul, at 10 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery, by way of
.. electi lc car, on arrival of 12 o'clock creek
. boat from Oakland. ; .
SWAIX— In Stockton, Cal.', March 26. 1004,
; Cornelius, beloved husband of Juliza Swain,
¦ and -lovlnir father of John A., Joseph H.,
Charlfs C-'and George Swain and Mrs. M.
. :B, Lyon of ..Stockton and Mrs. W. S. Ham-
- llton of San Francisco, ' a native of Nash-
: ville. Tenn., aged 78 years and 2 months.
.TKVLlN-»In this city. March 2-t. 1004, Lucy.
beloved-wife of James Tevlln, and daughter
of K. H. and Alice L. Ineram, and sinter of
I Harry, John and - Garfleld Ingram and Mrs.
Elesu Tennant, a native of Alameda, aged
24 years 8 months and 1 day.
tCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street. ¦¦ Inter-
. ment Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland, by
11 o'clock creek hoat. .
, THOMASON— In this city, March 24, 1804.
Edwin O., beloved and only son of Edwin
It. and Janette Thomason, a native of San
Francisco, aged 34 years 3 months and 7
; I days. " '¦• ' • •¦ ' ¦ . ' ¦ ¦ - ¦ v '•:.
ETlFuneral from hls^ late .residence, ' 815
, Jones street, Sunday afPfernoon. at 2 o'clock.
Friends are I respectfully \ Invited to attend.
Interment private. . ,
' VOLKERT— In this 'city,' March 28, 1904.
j Adolph Volkert, a native of Germany, aged
. 68 years.) , .",. .. , .. • v
W AITE-^In this city, ' March 25. 1004. Frances
T Merrill Watte, 'relict of George Waite, a
•. native of Vermont. ;
IC7" Friends • are > Invited to attend the
. funeral , to-day (Sunday), at 1:45 o'clock,
. from the parlors of- Halsted & Co., 943 Mis-
r . slon street. . Interment I. O. O. F. Ceme-
; . ; . tery. • ...
WALKER— In this city. March 20. 1904. Os-
car V., .beloved husband of Ella J. Walker
and father of. Mrs. ¦ F. W. Henshaw, a native
, of , Maine, . a«ed 62 years 1 month and 12
.". days.'/. . . .• ' ¦. ;-.' - - I ¦ '.. ; . .'-;
C?" Notice of funeral hereafter.
TOUNG— In this city. March 26,- 1004, James
' Young, a native of Ireland, aged 76 years.
. (Belfast papers please copy.) .'
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
- fully requested 1 to attend the - funeral ¦ at 2
v o'clock Tuesdajr. March . 29, -from - the .par-
-~lors of Martin* & Co., 319 O'Farrell street.
¦ ¦• Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
CARD-OF THANKS.
• " We . desire to return our heartfelt thanks
.to. the many friends -who gave: so many evl-
• dence» of their heartfelt and comforting
j sympathy | and beautiful floral offerings ! dur-
ing our »ad bereavement of our beloved son
and brother. . • . . . •
• MR. AND MRS. C. READ and Family.
HALE'S. | HALE'S.. j HALE'S. [ - HALE'S. | t^VT^^HALE'S. il'V "-v H-MjETS. ¦.- _. "' \
Quick comes the answer back a/ .. - . . < , ' glove, to get one that will fit well
t rn }z h,ia . • -. , r- t • >' * 7 ' , . , . , . r-. . and wear well and stand cleaning
ReidtS than ever to help you I New Corsfet Models ' s^^ '" Fashion sends us for ':thu last Easter week. often. These Iovcs a h^ ca^ en t^
th xtfJ-'lavs" a da /reat philosopher, -to In Her Ladyship Corset -^^^^^^S^l Women will have first chance to see them to-morrow. No S?d P aS e ?rprS e ia*5! * They're of
ScSfet°^fe^o^%Sl!Snt e p^ The shapeliest, most sen- 'S^&SSP^m^ one will want to miss seeing them. If we could spread them out JSl££g; flexlble wa « m
gression" is the Hale store's aim. stole styles we nave seen , ** is h^rp nnnp wnnM wmf tn hp c^rnnH It>s th(? Jouvin. perfect fitting, ne^
When you were thinking of Christmas will be shown to-morrow \*r E ' • C!llUIlC WUUIU Wdlll IU Uc bttUHU. Paris Point embroidery on the hack;
we were planning ahead to this Easter, j f or ihe first lime, just in \~ J% ¦ - xt * *i. j • ' ' ¦ c .i t. *. t.. • « . *. .. ' . . 6 H to 7. $1.50.
planning to see how much more we could j '-. J E t tJ " . mir^g^F * Note the drawing. See the short blouse eton jacket, how easily it comes to the At $1.00— The H B. It's a perfect flt-
f ° t th f^wilk d « e hlve shown how much « I time jori^asier. /^T^^M^ waist; beautiful big, loose sleeves and cuffs trimmed with lace, the collarless effect; how ting, perfect wearing lamblkln r hrre,
. vou appreSate it. Now comes the final . .- . . / prettily and lavishly it's trimmed with braid. It's the favorite trimming for tailor I^i s^ ed , wlt *?r ro T,°, f «m«>roldery_on
test. We are ready. (The children will .,--¦> / M^ajL^..^, suitS- But the workmanship, cloth and the way it's made are lost in thc picture. to 7 E.ther white or biac*. oh
r^ e blt^s S d C rivingT e r olhfr U white^a^bE jS&fcV I Y M^^^r TTfl^t] It's the distinctiveness of the Hate styles that is winning them so much J1 do°^ u D n?dTn S «r^" s c S^ a theT 1 S
S h lo-5 r S trS^MS fe^^fc-C yWl^t N-Mwi0 faV ° r tHiS S P rin - ThC^ haVC an alr ° f - raCe and freed0m at are lackin & S/V 10^
th^Sr^Sr^e fun of I^>^-vS|l#k^^mil in most suits. Women arc pleased with them. That's what we like. We ,^11%^, doubi, -tipped
suggestions. \}?'r* . . l "..y : Fv 7 j jM[/M%- ¦ S sW^-^^^^ '^ ¦/ want • them to be satisfactory. We want you to like them so well that sieeveL° V embr hoae to weai "i wlth e , Bho^
— Easter hats. i'-V ' ,\\ r- / /ai^*^^%^^^^l^Ii^i^:'^'f i^ < ' wh en they are worn out you will come back again for your next suit. Now bUcV^hniShed d^\lh 'hems'mched^and
—EaStcr SllitS. "iW'^rn.Kw embroidered cuff.
Easier vlovcs Wi$^^^]Wumm^iWlw^^i^ I Ml' h \'' At J25 -°°— They're of cheviot At $30.00— Eight styles: eton At $35.00 — Broadcloths,
master glOvCS. mi^/iwSiM^^t/ffj^ and broacloth. trimmed with blouse jacket effects, worst- cheviots and mixtures ' This Week l6S Do~Cn
—Easier neckwear. ' \h\k^MMmmM%f/ : !/ 1 7»J'MTOSrI'^ ' sllk brald • and stltched ed - broadcloths, etamines Some have ca^es over' ~
-Easter jewelry. j^^W^^Wf 1 1 ¦ |f^tW/^l S h da \LT " SZJ o 't5.'S t^Sr^JS%£ Turkish Towels
-Easter belts. § fii MT~~~ ¦ oS ZT fane?" SSr ; iSSffi. w 5JiSSS doping' shoSder t Out in a Big Event.
And novelties candy boxes and y 1 I 111 /f# . SoTX collars, som, SfJiTdroStal .hSffder^ all have large 3Sc and 40c towels at 2S c
"rin^who^avrwaned needn't re- f ' I I W without: a11 with largo J5J "thrtSffJ ,toa pofnt sleeves. trimmed with 4Sc and 5 oc towe s at 35c
JtThTre is more to «e now uS, .( I W III ' «\tZZl B »: ¦ E%Zt? lt \ U n le - n J, T. als > J l ckets \ r « braid, piping and silk or- 6oc and 7 oc towels at 50C
ever ' • /// Ig.lliSMI sleeves; jackets every one all silk lined and even the -,_,„>, nr p.--:,-, i. r ,:j, «-w,«i»« A I * »^ *¦
e * er- _11 /a fit Bill sllk lined; blues, browns skirts of some. Blacks naments or Persian braid; 48k baraples direct
A^br 'f/'/ill L and blacks - Think of that blues, browns, purples and blue, black, brown, lav- from the mill.
Easter Perfumes, 25C • /$%&.• fill l\ ' at ' 25 ' 00: ~ mIxtures - . ender and mixtures. $35. /^*"^^^ reinforced with
Here's a Violet Toilet water. 25c bot- /MlfesJw ' \ )7 C ™* n \ vou . to s " how swc11 the suits are at 5l-5. $16.50, $18.75 and $22.50. ffc^-*mP^3 "^^cln^V "£
tie. It's a lovelv odor, refreshing /MS //i^Q&S I iW * Here s the spice of the whole event. fei 1 .* J^^lJy ? s:ock 10
as car. be in »he bath I fT^^f#\ Wt VC Pl cntv at
June Rose perfume, 25c ounce. Vio- I ! /I SiimVv ~> /~\ Qi11^ Qkf'rl \A/'oio4- Cm'+n &> %&]g^<, each pri , c , e - l [
Lancasrer^e Violet \ II P^^ 3 O lIR W dlS t OUIIS 31 $ I O th'eS
Lancaster Rose and White Violet H I ifl I • /vSJ^ ' \ here, and you could feel them and see
bachet, 25c ounce. /'Zi^^W^/ II i\ % l\ H\ \x R\\v^ These are beauties. We never heard of themNis low before— as good suits as what they are. we don't think they
£Z^^^^^<///Jy / - 1\ ''1 l\ rlv 5^ you would be elad to pay $18.75 for. Fine summer styles, front pleated from shoul- s O m° of h-m-
Ne\V Easter Belts A \\ Pl\\\ \ der to bust hnc * lar ,? c bisho f sleeves, fancy stock collar with tab. trimmed with silk Btltched. plain white- and colored bor-
r\( »-n a u -j ..I. * -n v^jfaj^y^^— -~ /w \\ M \ u v V^^ buttons; seven-gore flare skirt. Gray, purple, red. brown and blue 20 of them We ders.
unusual toter™' 0 "" ' Ion'. C x P cc« them to .as, lon 8 . Th« very sni.s you'.! want for ,h. 'ytSASSS-JSSTUSJST-
At 25c — Black silk belt, with small gold n .'.,",'« "i ,-, j n n* j r* V"^ < a jm n ar «o<i * —
trimminp. ornaments; others of soft BtauUful Easter DrCSSCS In Be Made FfOVl /? g Z ¦*- ~ JZ m/i '11 ° t^
jmmm^Z These New Cotton Stuffs Climax OT Millinery SeHSOll
SliitSt 16 - slrdles wlth ornaments for They vie with silk and wool. . This week at Hale's. We have focused all our strength on these last six days.
A U^SiTSidhirSiJ buc'kie. belt * So li ! ce them that for the life of us ' off a few ? eet » we can>t . To have them the strongest of all in quantity, in variety, in style/in price.
At i T , J1 i»?.^;^ c>^ 0l Hi^ d o P m a i l be , lt9 teI1 the difference. Yet so dainty and airy, the prettiest by far we Women were' surprised last week to see how big and complete the display was then, how
effects, with gold harness buckle. nave seen this season. _ individual the styles. It looked impossible to better" it • titfilk ' ' '
6 beUS> „ Take this chiffon etamine. It's in the new gun-metal shade: Noveltv ' They will be still further surprised to-morrow, for they will see i^^^^N
At $l.50-Fancy elastic beaded belts, in effect m raised woven stripes swell for waists and whole ruits. 20c yard / ' PflStpr Hat<^ in Full Rlonm 8HL \
the new Bulgarian shades. Here s a mercerized oxford, white ground, with colored stripes, 28 / !%&* easier natS in rllll DlOOITl BgflBK) I
A V«?;?,^r2?ii. d * 8O «K?.h25 t TtH! 1 ; kid bol ,H- inches wide - at 25C ard ' / . : «£t$ifr Thc >' wil! scc now thc bud3 have developed into perfect blossoms, WBb&Sl >7
harncls buckle. y BOld n( | batiste, white grounds with stripes and figures 10c yard. y\ ¦ Jmgf) how closely Hale's are linking fashion to California women. */t/
T . -TT-^. hh nowe^dVatte^in JUSt %^W f«« ***** % — now. We «
These IOC Ribbons • Here's a novelty crepe, dainty as can be, white grounds, with pink, want Hale s , tO be the next ' We havc bcen workm K to^ ar d that C nd. Now -^fgsrf^g
They'll cause an Easter stir. blue, lavender and tan dots, far apart. Suggestive for evening wear. 22 ' ~~ we arc ready to-morrow. - -jss^^-^r
Thev are all extra heavy, good and inches wide. 40c yard. It's the first time it has been shown. ? r «^?^l a o ed ?r, < ? f f Hat S W fc*Ti?"h H*?^" 110^ 11 b tf ore w i U &1 0U V f or £ he "JS 1 tlme> An th « favorite shapes, turbans,
v pu're as if full prices were in force Voile etamine, imported, with dots or stripes, colored or ' , ¦ * r^ t r^^^
They're the most wanted ribbons, grounds, meshy like wool etamine. 38 inches wide, 50c and 6pc yard. Then z.ace Hats, like the one In the'above picture, the face falling around the brim and down the back, coovln*
but lots have dwindled Here's * the st y les our grandmother used to wear. — *"'*"•
„. t rj. rr xt tT"i a ¦ t y. f- -m ¦' ,-+ . Ten tables fnU of ready-to-weara. Hundreds of styles In braid; some beautiful Mllans.
Black laffCta, NO. 22, at IOC. 1 CIT^^Cl" i^\7 I St r&I^ 1 And the chUdren havent been forgotten. Scores of beautiful trimmed hats for them from J1.75 to $5.00.
Satin Taffeta, No. 22 at 10c. * cl F^* 51 ' 1 J l.aUIV.VUVW O Thc prices the last thing you think of. We put them last here. You saw those $3.50 hats
4-inch Colored Taffeta \oc ===== Every week adds interest •»» last week. There are more of them out now— hats you would pay $6.00 for elsewhere. We have
a ;»rh Wh't c r t a *' 4 ' 4 size this hl S drapery department of 4 ' 4 8lze taken the poetry out of the prices and put it in the styles. Women who have been in the habit of
WeareniJIiniforfv/ 1 ! tV^ , « + A flrr ours on the second floor. Now o 4- A fin waitin & tiH after Easter to take advantage of reductions have been buying at Hale's. We have
bons to-morrow Any - rfbSS on tiw «¦ L T"V/C surprises when you want themClL T"l!t been busy the past two weeks. We will be busier now. Extra force of salespeople to-morrow and
wSth^l" be 1Oc: 80me of them are most. Spring house-cleaning — all this week to wait on you.
<S£^ just around the corner. New table covers? Wlnt fn^hinn ;<: rinlnir In r» ~i Ti j
Men, See All This New /^St Curtains? Rugs? Read this list and think \>f \\ hat fashion is doing m Percales, 1 lc yd.
sible four-m-hands, bows, clubs and Couch Covers §I.$O. Smyrna -Rugs $I.OO. . j^ew bl'ack broadcloths, 52 in. wide, at $1.00 yard. Heavy, firm, yet in thinking of making some shirts or
band bows. The newest silks and Beautiful tapestry fn those Ori- 26 in. wide, patterned on both light spring weights. - wrappers. Then think of Hale's to-
nobbiest patterns and shapes. Any cntal stripes; bright, striking ef- sides and fringed < IW BH.KB— Some heavy pongees have come. They^won't stay Ion*. Women are morrow. You will be glad you did
variety to select from. 25c. 1 ,' ... ;il'» : -'i u 1 * e- j %¦ t ' more eager for them this year than they have ever been before, with good with th^<s<» at itr varH
Exclusive patterns in 50c ties everv And did you think you would have .to pay §10 and $12 -for. . reason. But see these brand-new ones at Hale's. 23 in. wide, at 75c and S5c. wun mese ai uc yara.
shape; imported silks. Many new ones A •¦nUIi*-. C **+.±.x :**<- * -.and those 30 in. wide, at $1.00 and 51.25. and as good quality as you will pay (Zinaluim. 1^1/ r <\>r1
will be shown first time to-morrow AraDlBll CUrtaillS higher prices for most places. • " Uttlgiiam l~y 2 C ya.
An sm"th?y el? eve S ni t^ at and re co re r"tabi" Here they are at 52.75 a pair. But here's where interest will center to-morrow— 27 inches wide, nearly 100 patterns,
wear like everything. That's 1 the HaTe 2>Vi yards long, and some others at $3.25 to make a big stir to-mor- / "A'rrmnH Tr-»io Rorrroin T0NI0 in stri P cs » checks and plaids, at this
kind. Try them for Easter. row. Beautiful for the parlor or any room in thc house. /AlUUllLI I IliO Ddl^dlU 1 CXVIC one price. Think of the choosing.
*^\ JET fffl '< 1M Nottingham Curtains $I.OO. Curtain Siviss IOC yd. In the rear of the dress goods aisle. Maybe a look will save you a quar- "^\ _^ >^
**"*& /&/ *££&&<*££& They're of white lace; new. pretty White. 36 in. Vide; in those ter or . morc . oi wlia; you expected to pay for the new dress. Here*s <~*$> &/ jg&>9<*&
Jffi Jg?J&^**&<«Si^jgSS& ji.soT^air. >ar s onsr - " s a j pretty new Stripe patterns. U W lb °" '" 50c Fancy Suiting, 38 in. wide, at 39c yard. JtfJM^**"^*^*^292*&
/**(_¦- — ci*^^. ~^^ ¦ D M cp CvfanciAn DnH • SX 1 ?<• 51.00 Black Cheviots. 50 in. wide, at 55c . JMu _-—^^^^Trr^rr-r^rX"^^
~-^-£!?G9JioO0±^ BraSS bXtenSlOn K0a> O l-JO . • ji.OO Fancy Voiles.. 42 in. wide, at 75c. *** <*>*H> OOQi>2^
MarV#.f QtT-»««- w e« lL . We don't dare say more about them. They will go quick enough as It is; 30 $1.00 Etamines. 50 in. wide, at 59c _- , _ _ . t
Market Street, Near Sixth. to 64 inches wide. Neat and new. r . ., - $1.25 Fancy Sangllens, 50 in. wide, at (1.00 yard. Market Street, Near Sixth.