The Sunday Call Magazine"I won' t pay you . two r dollais « and v a 1
half, and .1 will Have i my'^things," she
said. "Bring tham up at once." ¦'¦
- The' man* laughed again, - this time
with an. uglier note. ' ,.
' . "I guess not,, young woman," he said,
lounging ; against the balustrade. "I
su'ess- you'll have' to fork^out the two
fifty orjwhistle'.fc;r your things.". ,
•^ Mariposa made no; answer. .Her. hand
"shaking :with rage,,Bhbtbegan^to^fum
ble , in ' her ; pocket ', for ' her purse": ; The
whole* I Garcia^; family, assembled ; in' the
hallway 1 beneath^breathed • audibly in
the tense excitement^ and; kept : moving
their eyes from her to the expressman
and back again. The Chinaman from
the; kitchen had Joined them. ' listening
• The man gave a loud, derisive laugh.
-. "That beats anything!" he said, and
then roared through the door to his
pardr "Say, she wants 'to give iis a dol
lar for' that. load. Ain't that rich?"
There was a moment' of^silence in the
hall. 1 Avulgar wrangle, was almost im
possible to ; the ; girl at ' the Juncture to
which the, ; depressing; and '^hideous
events of the last / few had
brought her. Yet she had still a.glim.
mer of spirit left,' and- her gorge rose
at the Impudent swindle. " • ! >7 >
ever had done before. " r * was only a
dollar."
-•¦ • ¦? > v.' ¦•'•.-.•*¦
"A dollar!" he shouted. dollar for
that load!"— pointing to the street—
"say, you've got a gall!" .
.Mariposa flushed: She had never
been spoken, to this way before r ln her
life. She leaned over the balustrade
andsaid haughtily: .- , •
"Bring in my things, and when
they're up here I will give you the dol
lar you agreed upon."
with the charmed smile which the me
nials .of that' race always wear on oc
casions of domestic strife. :
-"Say," "said" the man, coming a step
up 'the stairs and assuming a suddenly
threatening air, "I can't stay fooling
j-ound here all day. I want my money,
and I want.it quick. D'ye hear?"
Mariposa's hand closed on the pur3e.
She would have now paid anything to
escape from this hateful scene. At the
same moment she heard a. door .open
behind her, a quick step in the hall,
and a man suddenly stood beside her, at
the stair-head. He was In his shirt
sleeves and he had. a pen in his hand.
The expressman,, who had ; mounted
two or three steps, saw '-him^a'nd, re
colled; looking startled. \. •
"What's the matter with you?", said
the newec-mer shortly. , -•"-¦*
"I Want my money," said the man
doggedly;-; but retreating. . , "¦_ ' "'*"
.1. "Who owes' r y6u, .money? Ana what
:do you mean by making a row like. this
in this house?". ; : \/ . " , V ,'
' "I owe! him- money," said Mariposa.
i,"I agreed to pay him- a dollar for carry
ing my things; here," and now he wants
.two and'a hall and won't give me my
;things vunlessl- pay. It. But I'll pay
what : he : wants rather than fight this
; \vay."-.: '...'¦• ' .... ""';•' ' •¦ ' ¦;.!!'
;:-Stie was conscious of a slight' amused
smile" in t~Vverv keen. and clear gray
eyes the ; man j beside j her -, fastened for
pne llstenine moment on; her, face. '
; :'.'Get your dollar," he said,- "and don't
bother ; any/, more." Then In a loud
voice down' the stairway: ; "Here, step
out arid get the trunks and don't let's
have any. more 'talk about' it. ' Chlng*/'
to the Chinaman, "go out and help that
man with this lady's things." . *-
The Chinaman came forward, still
grinning. The expressman for a mo
ment hesitated.
"Look here," said the man in the
shirt-sleeves, VI don't want to have to
come downstairs, *Tm 'busy. '
The expressmani with Ching behind
him, hurried out. .
'Marlposa's.* deliverer stood at the
stair-head .'watching them and slightly
smiling. Then he turned to her. She
was: again conscious of how gray and
clear eyes looked in his, sunburned
face. . ,
"I was writing a letter in my room,
"and I heard the sound of strife long be
fore I realized .what was happening.
. Whydfdn't you call me?"
;"!"' didn't, know there was any one
there," she answered. ;|-; .
"Well, the boys ought to have known.
Why didn't. one of you little beggars
come for me?" he said to tho two boys,
who, were clambering slowry up the
Outside of the balustrade staring from
the deliverer to the e*3epressmanr*now
advancing up the steeps with Mariposa's
beIongiriira.^gfeSj^te^^^^feS :
/ "I liked to ' see 'em fight," ' sajd the
smaller. "I liked it." r-^
=•• "You little' scamp,"* said^ the man,
and, leaning over the stalr-*rall, caught
the ascending cherub by the slack. of
his ; knickerbockers and drew him up
ward/, khrieklng delightedly. On
landing* he gave him a slight shake, and
¦said:. >"C:,:^' •>
• "I don't want to hear any more of
that kind of talk. Next time there's a
fight, call me."
The expressman ' and Ching had now
entered with the luggage. They came
staggering , up the stairs, scraping the
walls with the corners ' of the trunks
and goftly swearing. Mariposa started
for her room, followed by the strange
man and the, two boys.
. -Her deliverer was evidently a person
He turned toward her and threw up
his head as a person does who is going
to epeak emphatically and at length.
Only in raising his head his eyes re
mained on the ground.
"My dear girl," he said in a suave
tone, "you've lived all your life in
these small, half-civilized California
towns, and there are many things about
life in larper and more advanced com
munities you dem't understand. I've
just told you I loved 'you, and you
know that your welfare is of more mo
ment to me than anything in the world.
I would give my heart's blood to make
you harpy- But'.I am just new hardly
in a position to marry. You must un
derstand that."
It was salt" Mariposa gave a low ex
clamation and rose to her feet. He
rviie too. <Vel:r.?r ancry with ?3er*t!.".t
"Meet me in New York or Chicago?"
she reyrsiteil "But why meet me
there? 1 I dc-n't understand. Why not
be marrried here?" j
"We could go easily, witho-ut making
any talk or fuss. Cf course we could
not leave here together. I'd meet you
in Chicago or New York."
He heard her dress rustle as she in
stinctively drew away from him.
For the first time there was a faint
note of uneasiness in her voice. Though
his glance was still bent on the fire,
he knew that she was no longer smil
ing.
She looked at him with a girl's
charming embarrassment at the first
fitting of this word to any breathing
man. and blushed deeply arid beauti
fully. Ess*:x felt he mu^t disillusion
her. He looked into the fire.'
"Married," he said Flowly^ "Well, of
course. If v.e were married— ">"?*Z\
He Btorped. gave, her a" lightning
Eid«*-slancc. She was smiling, r . .
. *"WeIl, of course,, we'll, be married,"
she said. "How could we go to Europe
unless we were?"
Still avoiding her eyes, which he
knew were fixed on him in smiling in
quiry, he said In a lowered voice:
"Oh, yes, we could."
"How — I don't understand?"
"Why not?" she answered. "You
know he was to send me. I promised
my mother I would let him take care
of :re. But now that I'm going to be
mrrr!r<l, my — my — husband will take
care of me."
"But you mustn't do that," he said
with a tudden authoritative change of
key.
"And I sha'n't have to be sent by
Mr. Shadjdeton? Oh, I shall be so glad
to tfrll him I'm going with you."
Es^es ttarted— looked at her frown
ing:. ..'.;
"Of rourec, with the best masters.
You 11 bo a great prima donna some
day."
"We'll go to Europe, to Italy— that's
the country for you, not this raw
Western town where you're like some
exotic blossom growing In the sand.
You've never seen anything like it,
with the pray olive trees like smoke on
the hillsides, and the white walls of
the villas shining among the cypresses.
We'll have a villa, and. we can walk on
the terrace in the evening and look
down on the valley of the Arno. It's
the piace for lovers, and we're going to
be lovers, Mariposa."
Stil! she did r.c-t understand, and said
happily:
"Yt-s. true lovers for always."
"And then we'll go to France, and
«e'!l see Paris — all the great squares
with the lights twinkling, and the Rue.
de Rivoli with gas lamps strung along
it like diamonds on a thread. And the
river— it's black at night with* the
bridpes arching over it, and the lamps,
stabbing down into the water with long
golden zigzags. We'll go to the the
aters and to the opera, and you'll be
the handsomest woman there. And
we'll drive home in an open carriage
trader tho starlight, not saying much,
becauFc; we'll be so happy."
"And shall I study singing?"
"Yc-u are in my arms!" he inter
rupted, and drew her against' him for
his kiss. She turned her face away
and pressed it into his shoulder, as he
held her close, and said:
"And then, all in a morrtent, my
•whole life is changed. It's not an hour
ago that I was sitting here looking into
the fire thinking how miserable I was,
and now — "
"Don't you think things' often change
-when they get to their very worst? It
seemed to me to-night that I was just
to or*en a dc-or that led into the world,
¦where nobody cared for me, or knew
me, or wanted me."
"One person wanted you desperate
ly." '¦"'¦¦
gUT that's all over now. You
need never .be lonely again.
I'll always be there to take
care of you. We'll always be
together."
(Copyright. UC3. the Bobbs-Merrill Company.)
THIS, the fourth in
stallment of the
latest California
novel by a famous Cali
fornia authoress, for the
exclusive Western rights
of which The Sunday
Call paid $1000, gives,
perhaps, one of the most
pathetic pictures ever
penned of a young girl's
disillusioning and subse
quent struggle to escape
malignant fate and re
adjust her ideals.
You cannot get this
book elsewhere in any
form for less than five
times what it will cost
vou in The Sunday Call.
THE PALE HORSE.
"Nicanor lay i!cad in hU harness." — Mac
cabees. ~ ,
The day broke overcast and damp,
one of those depressing days of still,
soft "gray^ness that usher In .the early
ralnj, when the air has a heavy close
ness and the skies seem td sag with the
weight of moisture that is Blow to fall.
There was much to do yet in the rifled
cottage, Mariposa rose to it wan and
heavy-eyed-v The whirl of her own
thoughts during the , long, sleepless
night had not soothed her shame and
distress. She found herself working,
doggedly, with her heart ; like lead in
her breast," and her mouth 1 : feeling .dry
as the scene of the evening before
pressed forward to her attention. She
tried to keep it in the background, but
it would not down. Words, looks, sen
tences, kept welling up to the ""surface
of hcrinlnd, coloring her cheeks with a
miserable crimson,'- filling, her Being
with a sickness of despair. The mem
ory of the kisses followed her from
room to room,' and! task to task. She;
felt " them on her lips as she : moved
about, the lips that' had never known
the kiss, of a lover, arid now seemed
soiled and smirched forever. • .
After" luncheon the red lacquer cabi
net went away. She watched it off as
the last remnant of: the old life. She
felt strangely indifferent to what yes
terday she thought would be so many :
unbearable wrenches... Finally nothing
was left but her own few possessions,
gathered together. In a corner of the
front room — two ' trunks, a screen, a
table, a long, old-fashioned mirror and
some pictures. Yesterday morning she
had bargained with a cheap carter,
picked up on the street corner, to take
them for a dollar, and now she sat
\vaitlnjj for him, . while the day grew
CHAPTER X
Mariposa stood on the inside of her
room door, holding the knob and trying
to suppress, her "breathing that she
might hear clearly. She heard his
steps, echoing on the bare floor with
curious distinctness. They were, slow
at first; then there was decision in
them; then the hall door banged. She
leaned against the panel, her teeth
pressed on her underllp, her head bowed
c-n her breast.
"Oh. how could he? how could he?"
she whispered.
A tempest of anguish shook her. l3he
crept to the bed and lay there, her face
buried in the pillow, motionless and
dry-eyed, till dawn!
He suddenly, but gently, attempted
to take her in his arms. Though she
did not see she felt his tmich. and with
a cry of horror tore herself away;
rushed past him into the. adjoining
room, and from that into her bedroom
beyc-nd. The bang of the closing door
fell coldly upon Essex's ear.
He stood for a moment listening and
considering. He had a fancy that she
might come back. The house was ab
solutely silent. Then, no sound break
ing its stillness, no creak of an open
ing door echoing through its bare
emptiness, he walked out into the hall,
put on his hat and overcoat and let
himself out. He was angry and dis
gusted. In his thoughts he inveighed
against Marlposa's stupidity. The un
fortunately downright explanation. had
aroused her wrath, and he did not
know how deep that might be. Only as
he recalled her ordering him from the
room he realized that it was not the
fictitious rage he had seen before and
understood.
"Oh, don't do that," he said tenderly,
approaching her. "Does my love make
you unhappy? A half -hour ago it was
not like this.". ylV-
"You're right," she said. "I don't un
derstand about life as you dp. T didn't
understand that a man could talk to a
wc-miin as you have done to me and
then strike her such a blow. It'a too
new to me. to learn quickly. I — I— can't
—understand yet. I can't say anything
to you. only that I /don't ever want to
eee you, or hear you. or think of you
again."
"My dearest girl," he said, going a
step tc-ward her, "don't be so severe.
You're like a tragedy queen. Now,
what have I done?"
"I didn't think that a man could have
the heart to v/ound any woman so — any
living creature, and one who cared as I
did — " she stopped, unable to continue.
"But I wouldn't wound you for the
world. Haven't I just told you I loved
you?" i£-: J
"Oh. go," she said, backing away
from him. "Go! 'go away. Never come
near me again. You've debased and
humiliated me forever, and I've kissed
you and told you I loved you. " Why
can't I creep into some corner and die?"
"Mariposa, my darling." he said,
raising his eyebrows with a theatrical
air of incomprehension, "what is it?
I'm quite at sea. You speak to me as
if I'd done you a wrong, and all I've
done is to offer you my deepest devo
tion. Does that offend you?"
"Yes, horribly— horribly!" she cried
furiously. "Go — go out of my sight. If
you've got any manliness or decency
left, go — I can't bear any mare." . 5
She pressed her hands on her face arid
turned from him. ¦
She looked at him straight in the
eyes. The pain and bewilderment had
left her face, leaving it • .white and
tense. He realized that she was not
going to weep and make moan— the
wound had gone deeper. He had
stnbbed her to the heart.
"Oh. I want to," he said with a propi
tiatory shrug. "Of course 1 ,\vant to.
But one can't always do what one
wants. Under the circumstances, as I
tell you, marriage ie impossible."
Khe could say nothing for a moment,
the first moment of cumpre
hension. T!isn she said in si low voice,
still with her senses scattered, "And I
thought you meant it all."
"Meanfwhat? that I love you?-Don't
you trumme? Don't you believe me?
You must acknowledge I understand
life better than you do."
she had forced him to this banal ex
planation. There wore times when her
stupidity could be exasperating.
She was very pale, her eyes dark, her
nostrils expanded. j On her face was an
expression of pitiful bewilderment and
distress. V ¦'¦ ¦
"Then— them— you didn't > want to
marry me?" she stammered with trem
bling lips.
The man stepped into the hall: and
looked up at her. He had a singularly
red and Impudent /ace. '
"Not till I get my.^.'o dollars and/ a
half," he said. ¦ ,;
"Two dollars and a half?" echoed
Mariposa in alarm, for a dollar was be
ginning to loo*- larger to her than it
"It'syour things," yelled the .boys.
"Tell him to bring thenv up," .said
Mariposa, who was now at, the stair-,
head herself. .
Further revelations were stopped by
another ring at the bell. Visitors were
evidently rare, for everybody but Mari
posa flew, to the hall and precipitated
themselves down the stairs. In the gen
eral interest the recent battle .was for
gotten, the rebel earning his pardon by
getting to the door before anyjaneelse.
The newcomer was Marlposa's express-'
man. She had already, seen through the
window the uncovered cart with: her
few belongings glistening with rain.
The driver, a grimy youth -in a
steaming blouse,; was standing in the
doorway with the wet receipt flapping
in his hand, •"'vi'" •- •."¦¦••
"Grandma slaves, too," said the rebe}
*on the stairway; "she slaves more'n
you do, and Uncle Gam slaves the
•most.".
"That's the way they , always act,"
said Mrs. Garcia despondently, pushing
up her bang so that she could the bet*
ter see- her new guest. "It's no picnic
having no husband and having to slave
for everybody."
"He did break it," said the other hgy
suddenly. "He opened the back door of
it and stuck a hairpin in." .¦> "'•
Mrs. Garcia made a rush at her Bon
with the evident intention of adminis
tering corporal punishment on the spot.
But with a loud, derisive shotit, he
eluded her and dashed ~ through the
doorway. Safe on the stairs, he cried
defiantly: v ;-'.^,s.'-> -
"I ain't done it, and no one can prove
it.". '-y ¦!:-¦'•-. ¦ .- ,'-y
"Your clock don't go," said the cher
ubic boy in a loud voice. "I've tried to
make it, but it only ticks a minute and
then stops."
"There!" said Mrs. Garcia, with a
gesture of collapsed hopelessness, "he's
been at your clock! I knew he would.'
Have you broken her clock?" fiercely to
the boy. >;; :
"No, I ain't," he returned, not in the
least overawed by the maternal on
slaught. "It were broke when it came."
To-day it dripped with the rest of the
World. As Mariposa let the gate bang
the impact shook a shower from the
tree, which fell c-n her as she , passed
beneath. It seemed to her a bad omen
and added to the almost terrifying sen
sation of gloom that was Invading her.,
Her ring at the bell brought Che
whole Garcia family to the door and
the hall. A child of ten— the elder of
the yo-ung Mrs. Garcia's* boys— opened
it. He was 1 ' in the condition of moist
ure and mud consequent on a game of
baseball on the way home from school.
Behind him crowded a smaller boy— of
a dherubic beauty — arrayed in a very,
dirty sailo-r blouse,- with a still dirtier
wide white cohar, upon which . hung
locks of wispy yellow hair. Mrs. Gar
cia, the younger, came drearily for
ward. She was a thin, pretty, slattern
ly, young woman, very baggy at the
waist, and with the same wtspy yellow,
hair as her son, which she wore In. the
popular bang. It had been smartly .
curled in the morning, but the damp';
had shown it no\ reapect, and it hung..'
down limply nearly into her eyes. Back.;:;
of her, in the dim reaches of/the hall;';',
Mariposa saw the grandmother, the^.
strange old< Spanish; woman,/who spoke;;
no .EhglisJVv'Sh^ looked very <^ld, and*,
small, and was wrtnkled like a
But as she/ericc-untered the girl's' mis- \
erable gaze 'she gave her a gentle" reasr
suring. smile, full *of that curious; pa
tient sweetness 'which comes v In the
faces of the old who have lived kindly.
• The younger members of the family
escorted the new arrival upstairs.' She
had seen her room before, had already
placed therein her piano and many, of
her smaller ornaments, but its bleak
ness struck her anew. She stopped on
the threshold, looking at its chill, half
furnished extent with a sudden throt
tling sense of homesickness. It was a
large room, evidently once the state
bedroom of the house, signs of its past ¦¦
glory lingering in the elaborate -gilt
chandelier, the. .white wallpaper,
strewed with golden wheat-ears, and
the white marble ( mantelpiece, with
carvings of fruit it- the sides. Now she;
saw with renewed clearness' of vision
the threadbare carpet, with a large Ink- .
stain by the table, the rocking-chair:
with one arm gone, the place on*£he
wall behind the sofa where the heads .
of previous boarders had left their,
mark.
The servant, who was. to. close and
lock the cottage, begged her to. go, ",
promising to- scjeto the 'shipping "of the
last load. Mariposa needed no special^
urging. ' She felt ¦ that an afternoon,
spent in that dim parlor, looking out
through the bay-window at the fine
elant of }.he rain, would drive her mad.
There was no promise of cheer at the.
Garcia boarding-house, but it was, at
least, not haunted. with memories. "... : .
A half-hour' later, with the precious
desk, containing the marriage certifi
cates and Shackleton'8 gift of money,
under her arm, she was climbing the
hills from Sutter street to that part of
Hyde street in which, the Garcia house
stood. She eyed it ' with deepening
gloom as it revealed itself through the
thin rain. It was a house which even
then was getting old. standing back
from the street on top of a bank, which
was held in pluctf by u wooden bulk
head, surmounted by a low balustrade.
A gate gave access through this, and a
flight, of rc-tting wooden steps led by
zigzags to* the house. The lower story
was skirted ' in front by a balcony,,
which, after the fashion of early San
Francisco architecture, .was encased in
glass. Its roof above slanted up, to the
two lc-ng windows of the front bed
room.. .The popper-tree, of which Mar
iposa had epoken to Essex, was suffi
cient to tell the age of the property, and
to give beauty and picturesqueness- to
the rams-hackle old place. It had
reached an unusual growth and threw,
a fountain c-f drooping foliage over the
balustrade and one long limb, upon 'the
balcony roof. '¦-. . .,-•
duller outside, and the . fog began to
Bift itself into fine rain. . ¦ .
to whom the usages of society were
matters of indifference. He entered
the room without permission or apol
ogy and stood looking inquiringly
about him. his glance passing from the
bed to the fvide. old-fashioned bureau,
the rocking-chair with its arm off and
the ink-stain on the carpet. As the
men entered with their burdens, he"^
said:
"You look as if you'd bp short of
chairs here. I'll see that you get an
t-ther rocker to-morrow."
Mariposa wondered if Mrs. Garcia
was # about to end her widowhood and
thi3 was the happy man.
He stood about as the men set down
the luggage, and watched the transfer
of the dollar from ilariposa's white
hand to the dingy one of. her late ene
my. The boys also eyed this transac
tion with speechless attention, evident
ly anticipating a second outbreak of
hostilities. But Deace had been re
stored and would evidently rule as
long as the sunburned man in the
shirt-sleeeves remained.
This he appeared to Intend doing. He
suggested a change in the places of one
or two of Mariposa/s pieces of furni
ture, and showed her how she could us© ,
her screen to hide the bed. He looked^
annoyed over a torn strip of loose wall
paper that" huug dejected, revealing a
long seam of 'plaster N like a seared
scar. Then he went to- the window and
pushed back the curtains of faded rep.
"There's a nice view from here on
sunny days down Into, the garden."
Mariposa felt she must show Interest, *
and went to the window, too. The pane
was not clean, and the view com
manded nothing but the splendid foun
tain-like foliage of the pepper-tree and
below a. sodden strip of garden in which
limp chrysan them urns hung their
heads, while a ragged nasturtium vine
tried to protest its vigor by flaunting a
few blossoms from the top of the fence.
It seemed to her the acme of forlorn
ness. The crescendo of the afternoon's
unutterable despondency had reached
Its climax. Her sense of desolation
welled suddenly up into overwhelm
ing life. It caught her by the throat.
She made a supreme effort, and said in
a shaken voice: '.-'- »T
"U looks rather damp now." A
Her companion turned from the win-i
dow.
"Here, boys, scoot," he said to the
two boys who were attempting to open
the trunks with the clock key. "You've
got no business hanging round here.
Go down and'study your lessons."
They obediently left the room. Mari
posa heard their jubilantly clamorous
descent of the stairs. She mada no at
tempt to leave the window, or to speak
to the man, who still remained moving
about as if looking for something. The
light was growing dim in the dark win
try day, but the girl still stood with
her face to the pane. She knew that if
the tears against which she fought
should come there would be a deluge
of them. Biting her lips and clenching
her hands, she stood peering out.
speechless, overwhelmed by her
•wretchedness.
Presently the man said, as If speak
ing to himself:
"Where the devil are the matches?
Elsie's too careful for anything."
She heard' him feeling about on
shelves and tables, and after a moment
said: .
"Did you see where the match^it
were? I want to light the gas."
"There aren't any," she answered
withqut turning.
He gave a suppressed exclamation,
and, opening the door, left the room.
"With the withdrawal of his restrain
ing presence the tension snapped. Mar
iposa sank down in the chair near the
window, and the tears poured from her
eyes, tears in torrential volume, such
as her mother had shed twenty-five
years before in front of Dan Moreau's
cabin.
Her grief seized her and swept her
away. She- shook with It Why could
she not die and escape from this hide
ous world? It bowed her like a reed
before a wind, and she bent her face
on the chair arm and trembled and
throbbed.
She did not hear the door open, nor
know that her solitude was again in
vaded, till she heard the man's step be
side* her. Then she started up, stran
gled with sobs and indignation.
•'Is it you again?" she cried. "Can't*
you see how miserable I am?"
-• "I saw it the moment I came out of
f my room this afternoon," he answered
quietly. "I'm sorry I disturb you. I
only w,anted to light the gas and get
the place a little more cheerful and
•warm. It's too cold in here. You go on
"crying. Don't bother about me; I'm
going to light the flre."*
She obeyed him, too abject in her mis
j ery to care. He lit all the sases in the
* gilt chandelier, and then knelt before
•the fireplace. Soon the snapping of the
wood contested the silence with the
small, pathetic noises of the woman's
weeping. She felt — at first withont con
sciousness — the grateful warmth of the
blaze. Presently she removed the wad
of saturated handkerchief from her
face. The room was inundated by a
flood of lisht, the leaping gleam of the
flames licking the glaze of the few old
fashioned ornaments and evoking un
certain gleams from the long mirror
standing on the floor in the corner.
The man wa3 sitting before the flr«.
He had his coat on now, and Maripo<n3f
could see that he was tall and powerful,
a bronzed and muscular man or about
thirty-five years of age, wnh a face
tanned to mahogany color, thick brown
hair and a brown mustache. His hand,
as it rested on his knee, caught her eye;
it was well formed, but worn as a la
borer's.
"Don't you want to come and sit near
the fire?" he said, without moving his
head.
She murmured a negative.
"I see that your- clock la all off," he
continued. . "There's something the
* matter with it. I'll fix It for you this
evening." Jfljffijjji
He, rose and lifted the clock from the
* mantelpiece. It was a small timepiece
of French gilt, one of the many pres
ents herxfather had given her mother
in their days of affluence.
As he lifted it Mariposa suddenly ex
perienced a return of misery at the
thought that he was going. At the
idea of being again left to herself her
Wretchedness rushed back upon h^J
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALU
2
TOMORROW'S TANGLEFor two daj's after her hysterical out
burst Mariposa kept her room, sick in
body and mind. The quick succession
of nerve-shattering events, ending with
the death of Shackleton, seemed to
stun her. She lay on the sofa, white
and motionless, irresponsive 'even to
the summons of the boys, who
drummed cheerfully on her door as
they came home from school.
Fortunately for her, solitude was as
difficult to find in that slipshod men
age as method or order. "When the
boys were at school, young Mrs. Garcia,
In the disarray that attended the ac
complishment of her household tasks,
mounted to her first-floor boarder and
regaled her with mingled accounts of
past splendors and present miseries.
Mrs. Garcia spoke freely of her hus
band and the affluence with which he
had surrounded her. The listener, look
ing at the faded, blond prettlness of
her foolish face, wondered how the
Juan Garcia that Gamaliel Barron had
described could have loved her. Mari
posa had yet to learn that nature mates
the strong men of the world to the fee
ble women, in an effort to maintain an
equilibrium.
Once or twice the old senora came
upstairs, carrying some dainty in a
covered dish. She had been born at
Monterey, and had come to San Fran
cisco as a bride In the late fifties, but
had never learned English, speaking
tbe sonorous Spanish of her girlhood
to every one she met, whether It was
understood or not. Even in the com
plete wreck of fortune and position. In
which Mariposa saw her, she was a
fine example of the highest class of
Spanish Californian, that once brilliant
and picturesque race, careless, simple,
lazy, happy, lords of a kingdom whose
value they never guessed, possessors of
limitless acres on which their cattle
grazed.
The day after Shackleton's death
Mrs. Willers appeared, still aghast at
the suddenness of the . castatrophe.
Mariposa did not know that a few
days previously, Shackleton had ac-
The erave would hinder me.
And life was not bo simple I
Could finish enmity."
— Dickinson.
BREAKS IN THE RAIN.
"I had no time to hate becauie
CHAPTER XL
At his table in the far corner of
Bertrand's he mused over the various
reports he had heard. The death of
Shackleton would undoubtedly throw
the present make-up of The Trumpet
out of gear. Its sale would be inevi
table. From what ha had heard of
him. Win Shackleton would be quits
Incapable of talcing his father's placs
as proprietor and manager of tho
paper that Jake Shackleton, the man
of brain and initiative, was transform
ing into a powerful organ of publics
opinion. And in the general weeding
out of men which would unquestion
ably occur, why should not Barry Es
sex mount to a top place?
The Trumpet had always paid -Its
capable men large salaries. It was
worth while considering. E3sex had
now decided to remain in San Francis
co, at least throughout the winter.
The climate pleased him: the cosmo
politan atmosphere of the remote,
picturesque city continued to exert Its
charm. The very duck he was now
eating, far beyond his purse in any
other American city, was an induce
ment to remain. But the real one was
the woman, all the more desperately,
desired because denied him. Her in
dignation had not repelled him, but
he saw It would mean a long wooing.
Once in his own room, he kindled!
the fire and drew toward him a pllai
Two hours before the cries of tha
newsboys announcing tha sudden de
mise of his chief had struck on his
ear, for the flr3t moment freezing hina
Into motionless, amazement. Standing*
under a lamp, he had read the short
report, then hurried down to tha
office of The Trumpet. There In tha
turmol! and hubbub which marks tha
first portentous movement of tho
great daily making ready to go to
press, he had heard fuller details. Tha
office was In an uproar, shaken to ita
foundation by tha startling news,
every man and woman ready with a
speculation or a rumor as to the ulti
mate fate of The Trumpet, on which
tl\elr own little fates hung.
On the evening of the day whea
Jake Shackleton went to his account
Essex had walked slowly to Bertrand's
rotisserie. his head drooped, the even
ing paper in his hand.
"A llvlr.c do* Is better than a dead lloa."— .
Ecclesiastes.
DRIFT AND CROSSCUT.
CHAPTER XII.
aware that there were several people
grouped on the balcony, their forms
dimly visible through the grimy glass
and behind the rampart of long
stemmed geraniums, that grew there in
straggling neglect. The opening of the
outer door let her In on them. She
started and slightly changed color
when she saw that one of the figures
was that of Gamaliel Barron. He was
sitting on the arm of a dilapidated
rocker, frownlngly staring at Benito,
the younger Garcia boy, against whom,
it appeared, a charge of some moment
had Just been brought. The case was
being placed before Barron, who evi
dently acted as Judge, by a person
Mariposa had not seen before — a tall,
thin' young man of some thirty years,
with a stoop In the shoulders, a shock
of fine black hair, and a pair of very
soft and beautiful blue eyes.
They were so preoccupied in the
matter before them that no effort was
made to Introduce the stranger to Mar
iposa, though Barron offered her his
armchair, retiring to a seat on the bal
cony railing, whence he loomed
darkly severe, from amoni the strag
gling geraniums. Benito, in his sailor
collar and wispy curls, maintained an
air ' of i smiling innocence, but Miguel,
the elder boy, who was an interested
witness, bore evidence of uneasiness of
mind in the strained attention of the
face turned toward Barron.
Mariposa "paused, her hand on the
back - of '¦¦"¦ the rocking-chair. Benito
had already inserted himself into her
affections. She looked from one -t»
the other to ascertain his off ens*.
Both men were rerardlrig the culprit,
Barron with .frowning disapproval,
the other with eyes full of amuse
ment. " It ' was he who proceeded ' to
state the case against the accused:
its palaces, the girl paused and looked
about her. The great buildings were
new, and stood, vast, awe-compelling
monuments to ' California's material
glory- Their^ owners were still trying
to make themselves comfortable in
them. Perched high above the city. In
these many- windowed aeries, they
could look down on the town they had
seen grow from a village in 'the days
when they, too, had been young, poor
and struggling. What memories must
have crowded their minds as they
thought of the San Francisco they had
first seen, and the San Francisco they
saw now; of themselves as they had
been then, and as they were now!
Maripcsa leaned against' a convenient
wall top and looked down. The city lay
clear-edged and gray in the cup made
by. the encircling hills. It had not yet
thrown out feelers toward the Mission
hills, and they rose above the varied
sweep of roof and chimney, In undu
lating greenness, flecked here and there
by the white dot of a cottage. The gir
dle of the bay shone sapphire-blue on
this day of still sunshine. 'From Its
farther side other hills were . revealed,
each peak and shoulder clear cut
against Its " neighbor and defining
themselves in a crumpl«d, cobalt line
againr' the faint sky. Over all Mount
DIavolo rose, a purple point, pricking
up above the green of newly, grassed
hills, about whose feet hung a white
fringe of little towns.
Turning her eyes again on the ' de
scending walls and roofs, the watcher
saw a long cortege passing, soberly be
tween gray house-fronts on a
street a few blocks below her.\As she'
looked the boom of , solemn music rose
to her. It was , funeral, and - one of
unusual length,- she thought, . m her
eyes caught ?. the low line of carriages
far back through; breaks "In the houses.
Presently. * in the opening * where' two
Streets - crossed, tbe hearse came into
It was, indeed, a wonderful day.
Through her parted curtains she saw
details of the splendor in the bits of
turquoise sky between the houses, and
t"he vivid greens of the rain-washed
gardens. When the sun was well up,
and the opened windows let in delicious
earth scents, she put on her j hat and
jacket and went out, turning her steps
to that high spine of the city along the
crest of which California street runs.
Has any place been found where
there are finer days than those ', San
Francisco can show in winter? "The
breaks in the rain," old Calif ornlans
call them. It is the rain that gives
them their glory, for the whole world
has been washed clean and gleams like
an agate beneath a wave. The skies re
flect this clearness of tint. * There are
no clouds. The whole arch is a' rich
blue, fading at the horizon to a thin,
pale transparency. The landscape is
painted ' with a | few.- washes % of : fresh
primary colors, each one deep, but lim
pid, like the' tints In the heart of jj a
gem. And In this crystalline purity of
Then he clattered down the stairs.
Mariposa had not seen him since their
supper together. Every morning he
had stopped and called a greeting of
some sort through the door. She
shrank from meeting him again. The
extraordinary remark she had made to
him haunted her. The only thing that
appeased her was the memory "of his
face, in which there was no conscious
ness of the meaning of her words,. only
consternation and amaze at the effect
his news had produced.
"First-rate. Couldn't do better,
a move on and go out It's a day that
would put life into a mummy. I'd take
you out myself, but I've got to go
downtown and lasso one of my vic
tims."
tlon. But as she slowly dressed on the
morning of the third day, she felt a
slight ripple of returning life, a thaw
ing of these congealed faculties. She
heard the quick, decisive- step of Bar
ron In the hallway outside, and then
Its stoppage at her door, and his call
through the crack, "How are you this
morning? Better?" . -
"Much," the answered; "I'm getting
up."
"There's no use talking; I won't
take a boy who behaves that way. I'm
angry with you."
The man was absolutely grave and,
Mariposa . saw, spoke the truth when
he said he was angry. The boy was
about to plead, when probably a
knowledge of the hopelessness of such
a course silenced him. With a> flushed
face, he stood before tha tribunal
fighting with his tears, proud and si
lent. When he could no longer con
trol them he turned and .rushed into
the house, his bursting cobs Issuing
from the hallway. Miguel charged
after him.
"Oh. poor little fellow!" cried Mar
iposa; "how could you? Take him to
see the balloon; do, please."
Barron made no reply, sitting on tha
railing, frowning and abstracted. She
turned her eyes on the other man. He
was still smillnr.
"Barron's bringing up the b«ya," he
said, "and he takes it hard."
"If I didn't," said the man from the
railing, "who would? Heaven knows
I don't want to disappoint the poor
"'Cause I said it first." replied his
brother calmly. "You didn't have no
time."
"Well," Benito," said Barron, "I've
got no use for you when you behave
that way. There's no excuse for it.
You've used the worst kind of lan
guage to a lady who was trymg to do
a decent thing. I won't take you this
afternoon."
The^change on Benito'a face was
sudden and piteous. Tha smile was
frozen on his lips, he turned crimson,
and said stammeringly. evidently
hardly believing his ears:
'To see the balloon? Oh, Uncle
Gam, you promised It for a week. Oh,
I'd rather see the balloon than any
thing. Oh. Uncle Gam!"
"I ain't nothing of the kind," said
Benito, smiling and showing his dim
ples. "I ain't done nothing more than
Miguel."
"I didn't tell her to go to the devil,"
exclaimed Miguel, in a loud, combat
ive'voice.
There was a moment's silence. The
younger boy continued to smile and
finger his knife, but it was evident he
was not so easy in his mind. The
stranger, now with difficulty restrain
ing his laughter, turned again to Mar
iposa and said:
"If the lady had been In any way
aggressive on the young gentleman's
comfort or convenience, it would not
have been exactly justifiable, but com
prehensible. But when you consider
that her sole desire was to save him
from eating something that would
make him sick, then you begin to real
ize the seriousness of the offense. Oh,
Benito, you're In a bad way, I'm
afraid!"
lered at us not to touch It. tnat it was
bad and it 'ud make us sick. Then I
stopped 'cause I didn't want to get
sick. But Ben wouldn't, and she hol
lered again, and then he told her to go
to the devil, and Mr. Pierpont came
along just then, and she told him, and
Ben got skairt and stopped."
llttla cuss, but somebody's got t» try
and keeo him in order."
"Can't you punish him iom« other
way? He's been talking about seeing
the balloon for days."
"I wish to goodness I'd somebody to
help me," said the Judge; moodily
"I'm not up to this sort of work. It
makes me feel the meanest thine that
walks to get up and punish a boy for
things that are just what I did when
I was the same age. But what's a
man to do? I can't see those children
CO to the devil."
The howls of Benito had been rising
loudly from the house for some min
utes. They now suffered a sudden
check; there wa3 a quick step in the
hall and Mrs. Garcia appeared in tha
doorway, red and angry. Benito was
at her side, eating a large slice of
cake.
"What d'ye mean. Gam Barron,"
she said in a high key, "by making my
son cry that way? Ain't you got no
better use for your time than to teasa
and torment a poor, little, helpless
boy, who's got no father to protect
him?"
f "I wasn't teasing him, Elsie," he an
swered quietly: "I only said I would
not take him out this afternoon be
cause he behaved badly."
"Well, ain't that teasing, when you
promised it for a week and more?
That's what I call a snide trick. It's
Just because you want to go some
where else. I know. And so you put
it off on that woman and the crab.
Much good she is, anyway; I know
her, too. Never mind, my baby,"
fondly to Benito. stroking his hair
with her hand, "mother'll take you to
see the balloon herself."
Benito. jerked himself away from
the maternal hand and said, with his
mouth full of cake:
"I don't want to go with you: I
want to go with Uncle Gam. He lets
me ride in the goat-cart and buy pea
nuts."
"You'll go with me," said Mrs. Gar
c!a with asperity, "or you'll not go at
all."
"I don't want to go with you." said
Benito, beginning to grow clamorous:
"I don't have fun when I go with
you."
"You'll go with me, or stay horns
shut up in the cupboard all after-"
noon."
"I won't: no, I won't."
Benito wa3 both tearful and en
raged. His mother caught his hand
and, holding it in a tense grip, bent
her face down to his and said with set
emphasis:
"Do you want to stay all afternoon
In the kitchen cupboard?"
He struggled to be free, reiterating:
"No, I don't, and I ain't coin' to. I
think you're real mean to me. I ain't
goln* to go nowhere with you."
"You mean, ungrateful little boy."
said hia parent, furiously, shaking tha
hand she h^ld. '.'Don't . talk back to
me. You'll so with me this after
noon and sec that balloon If I have to
drag you all the way. Yes, you will."
"I won't," roared Benito, now en
raged past all control; and In his
frenzy to escape he kicked at his
mother's ankles through her interven
ing skirts.
This vras too much for Mrs. Gar
cia's feelings as a mother. She toolc
her free hand and boxed Benito
smartly on the ear. Then for a mo
ment there was war. Benito kicked,
roaring lustily, whlla* hU mother
cuffed. The din of cornbat was loud
on the balcony, and several of tha
geranium pots wercf knocked over.
It remained for Barron to descend
from the railing and drag the boy
away from his wrathful parent.
"Here, stop kicking your mother,"
he said peremptorily; "that won't do
at all." -^
"Then make her stop slapping me,"
howled Benito. "Ain't I got a right
to kick back? I guess you'd kick all
right If you were slapped that way."
"All right," said his mother from
the doorway, "next time you come to
me, Benito Garcia, to be taken to tha
circus or the fair, you'll find out that
you've barked up the wrong tree."
"I don't care." responded Bdnito de
fiantly; "grandma or Uncle Gam will."
Five minutes after her Irate with
drawal she reappeared, calm, and
smiling, the memory of her recent
combat showing only In her height
ened color, and announced that lunch
was ready.
At lunch the stranger was Intro
duced to Mariposa. and she learned
that he was Isaac Plerpont, a singing
teacher living in the house.
"But." to Miguel, "she told you not
to touch it, that it was bad, didn't
slfe?"
"Yes," returned the elder boy, ex
ceedingly uncomfortable^ "She come
and leaned over the railing and hol-
"Well," said .Bsnito, swaying his
body from side to side, and fastening
his eyes on a knife he had carelessly
extracted from his pocket, "I didn't
see what she had to do with that crab.
It was all alone in the vacant lot.
How was we to know it was her
crab?"
Though the language used by the
accused was hard to associate with his
cherubic appearance, and had some
what shocked Mariposa's affection,
she could hardly suppress a smile.
Benito grinning, as If with pride at the
prowess he had shown in the encoun
ter with the strange female, looked at
his brother and emitted an explosive
laugh. Miguel, however, had more
clearly, guessed the seriousness of tha
offense, and looked uneasy. Barron
was regarding the younger boy with
unmoved and angry gravity. Mari
pora saw that the man was not in the
least inclined to treat the matter hu
morously.
"Did you really say that, Benito?"
he said.
The complainant paused, looked at
Mariposa with an eye In which she
saw laughter dancing, and said:
"That's rather a startling way for a
gentleman to speak to a lady, isn't
it?"
. "She leaned over tho railing and
said to me. Them little boys will be
sick if they eat that crab." "What
crab and what little boys?' I asked,
quite innocently, and she answered,
•Them little boys In the vacant lot!'
Then I turned and saw Benlto 'and
Miguel squatting in the grass among
the tomato cans and fragments of the
daily press, with a crab about as big as
a cart-wheel."
"We found it there." said Benito.
"It was just lying there."
" 'If they eat that crab.* the lady
continued, 'they'll be sick. It ain't
good. I threw it out myself. And
I've been hollerin* to them to stop, and
that little one with the curls, Just
turned round on me and says, "Oh,
you go to the devil!" ' "
vlew, black and gloomy, with Its nod-'
ding tufts of feathers and somberly
caparisoned horses. Men walked be
hind it, and the measured music
swelled louder, melancholy and yet in
spiring.
Suddenly she realized whose it was.
The rich man was going splendidly to
rest.- .; ' ,' •
"My father!" she whisperexl to her
self. "My father! How strange!- how
strange!"
The cortege passed on, the music
swelling grandiosely and then dying
down into \fltful snatches of sweetness.
The long line of carriages moved slow
ly forward, at a crawling foot-pace. .
The daughter leaned on the coping of
the wall, watching this last passage
through the city of the father she had
known so slightly and toward whom
she felt a bitter and silent resentment.
She watched the nodding plumes till
they were out cf sight. How strangely
death had drawn together the three
that ' had separated! In six
months the woman and two men. tied
together by a twist of the hand of
fate, had been summoned, one after the
other, into tha darkness beyond. Would
they meet there? Maripc-sa shuddered
and turned away. The black plumes
had disappeared, but the music still
boomed fitfully in measured majesty.
The whistles were blowing for mid
day when she retraced her steps to the
Garcia house. As she mounted the
stairs • to the front door -sh« became
Two days' rest restored Mariposa to
some sort of balance. She still felt
weak and stunned in heart and brain.
The lack of interest she had shown to
Mrs. WiHers had been - the outward
sign of this internal benumbed condl-
quainted the newspaper woman with
his Intention of sending her to Paris
with Miss Moreau, the post of corre
spondent to The Trumpet being as
signed to her. It had been the cumlml
nating point c-f Mrs. Willers* life strug
gle. Now all that lay shattered. Be It
said to her credit her disappointment
was more for the girl than for herself.
She knew that Shackleton had made no
definite .arrangements for the starting
of Mariposa on her way. All had been
in statu quo, attending on the daugh
ter's recovery from her mother's loss.
Now death had stepped In and forever
closed the door upon these hopes.
Mrs. Willers found Mariposa strange
ly apathetic. She had tried to cheer
her and#then b^id seen, to her amaze
ment, that the g\rl showed little disap
pointment. That the sudden blow had
upset her was obvious. She undoubted
ly looked ill: But the wrenching from
her hand of liberty, independence, pos
sibilities of fame, seemed to affect her,
little. She listened in silence to Mrs.
Willers' account of* \ the Bonanza's
King's death. As an "inside writer" on
The Trumpet the newspaper, woman
had heard every detail of the tragic
event discussed threadbare in the per
turbed office. Shackleton had\ been
found, as the paper stated, sitting at
his desk in the library at Menlo Park.
He had been writing letters when death
called him. His wife had "come in late
at night and found him thus, leaning
on the desk as if tired. It was an an
eurism, the doctors said. The heart
had been diseased for years. No one,
however, had had any idea of it Poor
Mrs. Shackleton was completely pros
trated. It • was not newspaper talk
that she was in a state of collapse.
"And it was enc-ugh to collapse any
woman," said Mrs. Willers, with a
sympathetic wag of her head, "to cpme
in and find your husband sitting up- at
his desk stone dead. And a good hus
band,- too. It would have given me a
shock to have found Willers that way,
and even an obituary notice in the
paper of which he was prc-prietor could
hardly have called Willers a good hus
band."
Finally, on the crest of the hill,
where California, street runs between
atmosphere every line Is cut with un
faltering distinctness. There ' is no
f aintness, no breath of haze, or^for
gotten film of fog. Nature seems' even
jealous of the smoke wreaths that rise
from the «ty to blur the beauty of the
michty picture, and the gray spirals
are hurriedly dispersed.
J.Iarlposa walked slowly, ascending
by a zigzag course from street to
street, idly looking at the houses end
gardens as she passed. People of con-,
slderation- had for some ; time been on
the move from South Park to this side
of town. The streets through which
the, young girl's course led her were
now the gathering place .of the city's
successful citizens. On , the heights
above them, the new millionaires were
raising palaces, which they were emu
lating on the ascending slopes. Great
houses reared themselves en every sun
ny corner. The architecture of the.bay
windowed mansion with the two lions
sleeping on the front steps had sup
planted that of the dignified, plastered
brick fronts, with the long lines of win
dows opening on wrought-lron bal
conies. ..- ¦ •
These huge wooden ¦ edifices housed
the wealth and fashion of the city.
Mariposa paused and Etood' with knit
brows, looking down from a vantage
point on the glittering curve of green
house and the velvet ' lawns » of* Jake
Shackleton's town house;. there was no
sign c-f life or occupation ' about ¦ it.
Curtain3 of lace veiled its innumer
able windows. Only in the angle of
lawn and "garden 1 that abutted on the
intersection .of two streets, a man, in
his shirtsleeves, .was cutting calla
lilies from the "heflge that* topped the
high stone wall which rose from C the
sidewalk.
v.ith redoubled force. She felt that tha
Cood of tears v.ould begin again.
"Oh, don't go," she said, with the im
ploring urgency of old friendship. "I'm
. eo terribly depressed. Don't go."
Her lips trembled, her swollen eyes
v. crc without light cr beauty. She was
cs distinctly unlovely as a handsome
woman can be. The men, however, did
not lc<fk ct her. He had opened the
t^cr of the clock and was rtudying its
ir.lRrnal machinery. He answered
quietly:
"I'll have to eto now for a while. I
must finish my letter. It's got to go
, out to-ni,;ht. but I was going to ask
you if you wouldn't like to have your
supper up here? It's now a little after
live; at six o'clock I'll bring it, and if
you don't mind, l'li bring mine up, too.
I just take tea end some bread and but
ter and jam and stuff— whatever Elsie
h^i pens to have round. If you'd like
it. ycu fix up the table and get things
into £cnc sort of shape."
He walked toward the door. With
the handle in his hand he said:
"You don't mind my taking mine up
here, too, do you? If you do, say so."
"ICo, I don't ir-ind," said Maxipcsa, in
the stifled voice of the weeper.
When he had gone she listlessly tried
to create sc-zne kind of order in the
• haotic room. She feit exhausted and
indifferent. Once she found herself
looking at her watch with a sort of
heavy desire to have the time pass
quickly. She dreaded her loneliness.
She caught a glimpse of herself In the
chimr.cy-piece el-£s and felt neither
ehame nor disgust at her unsightly ap
pearance.
At six o'clock she heard the quick,
decisive step in iho hall that earlier In
the afternoon had brc-ken in on her
v. rar-sle with the expressman. A knock
¦ c arr.e on the door that sounded exceed
ingly like a kick bestowed under diffi
culties. She opened it, and her new
friend entered bearing a large tray set
forth with the paraphernalia of a cold
supper and with the evening paper laid
on top. He put it en the cleared table,
and together they lifted off its con
tents, and set them forth. There was
cold meat, jam, bread and butter, a
brown pottery teapot with th-j spout
broken and two beautiful cups, delicate
and richly decorated. Then they sat
down, one en each side of the table,
and the meal began.
Mariposa did not care to eat- Sitting
uiider the blaze of the gilt chandelier,
with the firelight gilding one side of her
flushed and disfigured face, she poured
out the tea, while her companion at?
tscked the cold meat with good appe
tite. The broken spout leaked, and she
Coned herself guiltily regarding the
man opposite, as she surreptitiously
tried to eop uz> with a napkin the
streams of tea it s*nt over the table
cloth.
He appeared to ha\ e the capacity for
seeing anything that occurred in his
vicinity.
"Never mind the teapot," he said,
with his mouth full; "it always does
that. It's no good getting a new one.
I think the boys break them. Elsie
says they play boats with them in the
bathtub."
Mariposa made no reply, and the
• meal progressed in silence. Presently
h^r vis-a-vis held out his cup for a sec
¦ -nd filling.
"What beautiful cups." she said. "It
would be n. pity to break them."
'They're grandma's. They're the on
ly two left. Grandma had some stun
ning thing's, brought round the Horn
by her husband in the early days, be
fore the Grinpo came. He was a great
:r.an in his day, Don Manuel Garcia."
"I.-- she your "grandmother, too?"
Maiijxjsa asked. It seemed natural to
put pointblank questions to this man,
vino so completely swept aside the
sma!k-r conventions.
"Mine? Oh, Lord, no. My poor old
prar.ny died crossing the plains in '43.
I was there, but I don't remember it.
I call old lady Garcia grandma, be
cause I'm here so much, and because
1 look upon them as my family."
"Do you live here always?" asked
Mariposa, looking with extinguished
eyes over the piece of bread she was
nibbling.
"No, I live at the mines. I'm a miner.
My stamping-ground's the whole Sier
ra from Siskiyou to Tuolumne."
He looked at her with a queer whim
sical smile. His strong white teeth
gleamed for a moment from between
his bearded lips.
"I'm up at the Sierra a lot of the
time," he continued, "and then I'm
down here a lot of the time. I come
here to find my victims. I locate a
cood prospect in the Sierra, and I come
down here to sell it. That's my busi
ness.**
"Wfcafs your name?" asked Mari
posa suddenly, hearing: herself ask this
last and most pertinent Question with
the dry gllbness of an Interviewer.
"My name? Great Scott, you don't
know It!" be threw back his head and
a. Jolly, sonorous la-urn filled the room.
"That's great, you and I sitting her*
together over supper es If we'd grown
up together in the same nursery, and
you don't know what my name Is. It's
Gamaliel Barron. Do you lik© It?"
"Yes." said Mariposa, gravely, "It's a
very nice name."
"I'm glad you think so. I can't say
I'm much attached to the front end of
it. It's a Bible name. I haven't the
least Idea, who the gentleman was. or
what he did. but he's in the Bible
somewhere."
"Saul sat at his feet." said Mariposa;
"he was a great teacher."
"Well, Tm afraid his namesake isn't
much like him. I never taught any
body anything, and certainly no one
ever sat at my feet, and I'd hate It If
they did."
There was another pause, while Bar
ron continued his supper with un
abated gusto. He had finished the cold
meat and was now spreading Jam on
bread and butter and eating it. with
alternate mouthfuls of tea. Though he
ate rapidly, as one accustomed to take
his meals alone, Jie ate like a gentle
man. She found herself regarding him
with a listless curiosity, faintly won
dering what manner of man he was.
Looking up he met her eyes and said:
"You'll be very comfortable here.
Doti't let the first glimpse discourage
you. Elsie's careless, and the boys are
pretty wild, but they're all right when
you come to know them better, and
grandma's fine. There's not many
women in San Francisco to match old
Senora Garcia. She's the true kind."
"What a pity her son died!" said
Mariposa.
He raised his head instantly and an
expression of pain passed over his face.
"You're right, there." he said in a
low voice. "That was one of the hard
est things that ever happened. If
there's a God I'd like to know why he
let it happen. Juan Garcia was the
ealt of the earth— a great man. He was
the best son, the best husband and the
best friend I ever knew. And he was
killed offhand, for no reason* by an un-
"I'm all right now," she gasped.
"You'd better go. And — and — if I said
anything silly, you understand, I
didn't know what I Mas saying. I
meant — that Mr. Shackleton was a
friend of my father's. He's been very
good to me. It gave me an awful
shock. Please go."
Barron set down the pitcher and
went. He was overcome with pity for
the broken creature, and furious with
himself for the shock he had given her.
The words she had uttered had made
little impression on him at first. H was
afterward, while he was in the silence
of his own room, that they recurred to
him with mere significance. For a
space he thought of the remark and her
explanation of It with some wonder.
But before he settled to sleep, he had
pushed the matter from his mind, set
ting It down as the meaningless utter
ance of an hysterical woman.
It had the desired effect. Gasping,
saturated, but dragged back to some
sort of control, by the chill, current
running from her head in rillets over
her body, Mariposa sat up. The man
was standing before her, anxiously re
garding her, the pitcher held ready for
another application. She pushed it
away with an icy hand.
"Friend!" she echoed, almost with a
shriek. "Friend! Why, he was my
father."
The voice ended in a wild, peal of
laughter, horrible, almost maniacal.
The man. paying no attention to her
words, realized that the strain of the
day and her overwhelming depression
of spirits had completely unbalanced
her. Her wild laughter suddenly gave
way to wilder tears. In u moment he
ran to the door to summon the senora.
but in tho> next, remembered that Elsie
and the boys would undoubtedly ac
company her, and that the woman be
fore him was in no state to be exposed
to their uncomprehending stares.
Hysterics were new to him, but he
had a vague idea that water adminis
tered suddenly from a pitcher was the
only authorized cere. He seized tfrb
pitcher from the wa.shstand, began to
sprinkle her somewhat timidly with his
fingers, and finally ended by pouring a
fair amount on her head.
"I'm so awfully sorry; I didn't know
you knew him well. I didn't know he
was a friend."
'Jake Shackleton's dead!"
The tespot fell with a crash on, the
table. Her mc-uth opened, her face
turned an amazing pallor, and she sat
staring at the astonished man with
horror-stricken eyes.
"Dead!" she gasped ; "why every
body's dead!" -
Barron dropped the paper on the
floor.
"Well, then, if you don't mind. I'll
run my eye over it. while you make me
another cup c-f tea. Three cups are my
limit — one lump and milk."
He handed her the cup, already shak
ing the paper out of its folds. She was
struggling with the leakage of the
broken spout, when he gave a loud
ejaculation:
"Great Scott! here"s*news!"
"What is it?" she queried, the broken
teapot suspended over the cup.
She shook her .head. The paper had
not much interest for her at the best
cf times.
"Oh. look!" he said; "we forget the
paper. You've finished; wouldn't you
like to see it?"\
He wes nbout to return to the rem
nants of the supper when his eyes fell
on the folded paper, , "which had been
pushed to ore side of the table.
The girl saw he was moved. . .
• "The people we love, and depend on,
and live for always die," she said
gloomily.
"But others come up. They don't
quite take their places, but they fill up
the holes in the ranks. We're not ex
pected always to love comfortably and
be happy. We're expected to work;
that's what we're here for, and there'3
plenty of it to do. Haven't I got my
work cut out for me," suddenly laugh
ing, "in tho«*e two boys?"
Maripesa's pale lips showed the rip
ple of an assenting smile.
"They're certainly a serious proposi
tion," he continued, "and poor Elsie
can't any more manage them than she
could ride a bucking bronco. But
they'll pull out nil right. Don't you
worry. Those boys are all right."
necessary accident, leaving these poor,
helpless creatures this way."
He made a gesture with his head to
ward the door.
"You knew him well?" said Mariposa.
The gray "eyes looked Into hers very
gravely.
"He was my best friend." he an
swered; "the best friend any man ever
had In the v.-orld." --v\' ¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
3mining round among the camps and
afterward was , in. Sacramento for a
spell, and I was round in; them places
off and otf myself. I saw him, but I
dodged him 'cause I knew he didn't
want to run up against me, knowln' as
how I was onter what he'd done. He
was safe for me. But I seen the girl
often; seen her grow up. And I
knew her in a minute the day I saw
you walkln* with her on Sutler street,
and I thinks to myself, 'You're with
the biggest heiress in San Francisco, If
If you and she only knew It.' And
that's what she is, if there was some
thin* else but my word to prove it."
Essex sat pushed back from the ta
ble, his hands in his pockets, hi3 pipe
nipped between his teeth, his face
partly obscured by the floating clouds
of smoke that hung about his head.
"A first-rate story," he said slowly;
"have some more whisky."
Arid he pushed the bottle toward
Harney, who seized it and fumblingly
poured the fiery liquor into the glas3.
• "And it's true," he said hoarsely —
"every blamed word."
He drank what he 'had poured out.
set 'down the glass and stared at Essex
with his face puckered into Its ex
pression of evil cunning.
"And she don't know anything
about It, does she?" he asked.
"If you mean Miss Moreau. she cer
tainly appears to think she la the
child of the man who brought her
up."
, "That's what I heard. But Shackle
ton, when Moreau died, was goln' to
do the square thing by her. At least,
I heard talk of his sendin' her to Eu
rope to be a singer. Ain't it so?"
"I heard something about it myself.
But I'm no authority."
There was a pause. Harney settled
back in his chair. The room was ex
ceedingly hot, and Impregnated with
the odor of whisky and • the smoke
from Essex's pipe.
"He cpuldn't acknowledge her. It
would er given the other children too
big a black eye. But it seemed like
he wanted to square things up when
The two faces stared at each other.
The drunken man was not' too far be
yond himself to realize the Importance
of what he was saying. In a second's
retrospect Essex's mind flew back over
the hitherto puzzling Interest Shackle
ton had tajsen in Mariposa Moreau.
Could it be possible the man before
him was telling 1 the truth?
"Poor sort; not any grit. Had ' n.
good claim up there beyond Placer
ville, he nnd I. Took out 's much as
right thousand In that first summer.
Moreau stayed by It. but I quit.. Both
had our reasons." .
"And Miss Moreau; you say. Is not
Dan Moreau's daughter. Is she a
stepdaughter?"
"Well — In a sort of a way you might
nay so. Any way, she ain't got no le
gal right to that name."
"I didn't know the mother was a
widow when she married Moreau?"
"She weren't. She married twict,
and she weren't divorced. There ain't
but two people in tho world . that
knows It. One's Jake . Shackleton's
widow,"' — he rose, and, putting an un
steady hand on the table, leaned for
ward *and almost whispered Into his
Interlocutor's face — "and the other's
me."
"Are you trying to tell me," said Es
sex quietly, "that Miss Moreau Is Jaka
Shackleton's daughter?"
"That's what she Is." The man
turned round like a character on the
stage and swept the room with an In
vestigating look — "And she's more'n
that. She's his lawful daughter, born
In wedlock.'* «v
"That puts mettle Into me, ag-ain.
Mnkop mo feel llkft tha old times be
fore the malaria got into my bones.
Malaria was my ruin. Got it In the
Sierra mining. People think it's
drink that done it, but It's malaria."
"Tlmt wan when you knew Moreau?
What sort of man was he?"
only touched, the glass' rim to his lips.
His eyes, glistening and intent, were
on the drunkard's now darkly flushing
face. The glass rattled against the
tnMe r.n iiftrnry get It down.
"How does she come to be known as
Moreau's daughter?_ Why didn't
Shackleton acknowledge her If she
was his legitimate child? That's a
fairy tale."
"There was complications. Have
you ever heard that Shackleton -was
ence a Mormon?"
Essex had heard the gossip which
had persistently followed Shackleton's
ascending course. He nodded his
head, gazing at Harney, a presenti
ment of coming revelations holding
him silent.
"Well, thafa true. He was. I seen
him when he was. Jake Shackleton
crossed the Siorra with two wives.
One — the first one — was the lady who
died here a month ago, and passed as
Mrs. Moreau. The , other's , the
widow. But she was the second, wife.
She didn't have no children then. But
the first wife had one, a girl baby,
born on the plains in Utah. It weren't
three weeks old when I seen it."
"Where did you see it?"
"In the Sierra back of Hangtown.
Me and Dan Moreau was ! workln' a
stream bed there. And oiie day two
emigrants, a .tnan and ' a womair, with
a sick woman inside the' wagon, came
down from the summit. They was
Jake Shackleton and his two wives,
and they was the worst looking outfit
you've ever clapped your eyes on.
They was pretty near dead. One er
their horses did die. In front of our
cabin, and the sick woman — she that
afterwards was called Mrs. Moreau —
was too beat out to move on. Shack
leton, who didn't care who died, so
long's they got into the settlements,
calkalated to make her ride a spell,
and when the other horse dropped
make her walk. She was the orneri
est looking scarecrow you ever seen,
and she hadn't no more life'n a mum
my. But she was ready to do Just
what they said. She was Just so beat
out. And then Moreau — he was Just
that kind of a fool — "
he was taken off sudden like that."
He paused. The other, smoking,
with frowning brows and wide eyes,
made no response, his own thoughts
holding him in tense Immobility.
"And the other wife wouldn't er
stood It anyway. She's a pretty com
petent woman, I guess. Oh, he could
not have acknowledged her, nohow.
But she's his legitimate daughter, all
right. She's the lawful heir to — most
er them — ; mUllons. She's—".
His voice broke and trailed oft Into
silence, which was suddenly Interrup
•ted by a guttural snort ' and then
heavy, regular breathing. Essex rose,
and, going to the window, opened it.
A keen-edged breeze of air entered,
seeming all the fresher from the dense
atmosphere of the room. Its hurried
entrance sent the)' smoke wreaths
skurrylng about In fantastic whorl3
and curls. The dying fire threw out a
frightened flume.
Essex moved toward it, saying as he
approached:
fr. < "Yes; It's a good story. You ought
jLto be a novelist, Harney."
Ir There .was *o answer, and, looking
-'into the chair, he saw that Harney
had fallen into a sodden sleep, curled
against the chair-back, his chin sunk
on his breast, the hollows in his face
looking black In the hard light of the
gas. The younger man gazed at him
for a moment with an expression of
Blight, cold disgust, then turned back
to the table and sat down.
• He wrote no more, but sat motion
less, his eyes fixed on vacancy, the
thick, curling smoke oozing from the
bowl of his pipe and Issuing from be
tween his Ups. His thoughts reviewed
every part of thS story he had heard.
He felt certain of its truth. The
drunken Job-printer . had never imag
ined it
It explained many things that be
fore had puzzled him. Why the Mor
eaus, even in the days of their afflu
ence, had lived in such uneventful
He paused and looked at Essex,
with his beady, dark eyes glistening
with a sense of the importance of his
communication. His hand sought the
glass and he drained it. Then he
leaned forward to deliver the climax
of his story:
"Bought her from Shackleton for a
pair of horses."
"Bought her for a pair of horses!
How could he?"
"I'm not sayin* how he could; I'm
sayin' what he did." .
"What did he do it for?"
quietude, bringing up their beautiful
and talented daughter In a Jealous and
unusual secluBlon. It explained
Shackleton's Interest in the girl. He
even saw now, recalling the two faces,
likeness that the father himself had
seen in Mariposa's firmly modeled Jaw
and chin, which did not belong to the
soft, feminine prettiness of Lucy.
It must be true.
And, being true, what possibilities
might it not develop? Mrs. Shackle
ton knew it, too — that this penniless
girl was the bonanza king's eldest and
"The Lord knows. lie was that
kind of a fool. We had her Sn the
cabin sick for days, with me and him
waitin' on her hand and foot, and the
cussed baby yellin' like a coyote. Sha
wasn't good for anything. Just ust ter
lie round sick and peaked and sorter
pine. But Moreau got a crazy liking
for her, and he was sot on the baby
same's if it was his own. I caught on
pretty soon to the way the cat was
goin' to Jump. I lit out and left 'em."
"Why did you leave If the claim was
good?"
"It weren't no good when no one
worked it, and there weren't more'n
enough In it for Moreau alone, with a
woman and a baby on his hands. . He
said first off he was goin' to get her
cured up and send her to the Eldora- ¦
do Hotel to be a waitress, but I seen '
fast enough what was goin' to hap
pen. And it did happen. They was
snowed In up there all winter. In the
spring he took her Into Hangtown and
married her-— said he was marryln' a
widow woman whose husband died on
the plains. I heard' that afterwards
from some er the boys, but it weren't
my business to give 'em away. So 1
shut my mouth and ain't opened It till
only legitimate child, with power, If
not entirely to dispossess her own chil
dren, at least to claim the lion's share
of the vast fortune. If Marlposa had
proof of her mother's marriage to
Shackleton and of her own Identity as
the child of that marriage, she could
rise and claim her Iferltage — her part
of the twenty millions!
The thought, and what It opened be
fore him, dizzied him. Ho 1 drank
some of the diluted whisky in the
glass beside him and ' sat on motion
less. It was evident Marlposa did not
know. She had been brought up In
ignorance of the whole extraordinary
story* The man and woman she had
been taught to regard as her parents
Mad committed an offense against the
law, which they had hidden from her,
secure In the thought (hat the other
participants in the strange proceed
ing would never dare to confess.
The minutes and * hours ticked by
and Essex still sat thinking, while the
drunkard breathed stertorously In his
heavy .sleep, and the coals dropped
softly in the grate as the fire sank Into
clinkers and ashes.
CHAPTER XIII.
now. But Moreau's dead, and; the
woman's dead, and now Shackleton's
dead. There ain't no one what knows
but ine and Shackleton's widow."
"And what makes you think this Is
the same child? . The baby you saw
may have died and this may be a
child born a year or two later."
"It ain't. It's the same. There
weren't never any other "children. I
kep' my eye on*"" 'eni. Moreau. was
THE SEED OF BANQUO.
"What says the married woman?" — Shakes
pear*. ,
As soon as Mrs. Shackleton was
sufficiently recovered, the family had
moved from Menlo Park to. their town
house.
¦ The long work of settling up the
great estate which had been left to the
widow and her children required .their
presence in the city, and the shock
Trumpet, Essex attended the funeral
of his chief. He and Mrs. Willers
and Edna, In company with the young
woman who -did the "Fashions and
Foibles" column, were In one of the
carriages that Murlpusn. hud seen from
tho hilltop. Mrs. Willers was silent on
the long, «lovr drive. She had hon
ored her chief, who had been Just to
her. Miss Peebles, the "Fashions and
Foibles" young woman, was so en
grossed by her fears that a change of
ownership lii The Trumpet would rob
her of her employment that she could
talk of nothing else. To Edna, the
sensation of being In a carriage was so
novel It occupied her to the exclusion
of all other matters .and she looked
out of the window with n face of
sparkling interest.
That evening, after the funeral, Es
sex was preparing to work late. He
had "gutted" the pile of books, and
with their contents well assimilated
was ready to write his three columns.
There waa no carllne on the street,
nnd traffic at that hour on that quiet
thoroughfare was over for the d^y.
For. an hour he wrote easily and flu
ently. The sheets, glistening with
damp Ink, were pushed in front of
him In a careless pile. Now and then
he paused to consult his books, which
wer« arranged round him on the table,
open at tho place he needed for refer
ence. The smoke wreaths were thick
round his head and th« room was hot.
It was nearly ten o'clock when he
heart! the noisy entrance of "his fellow
lodger. Harney was evidently suffi
ciently well to go to work again and to
corns homa drunk. Essex listened
with suspend^! pen and a half smile
on his dark face, which turned to a
frown as ha realised that the stum
bling feet had turned his way. Tha
knock on the door ctvme next, and
simultaneously It opened and Harney's
head iras thrust In.
"What the devil do you want?" said
the scribe, sitting erect, his pipe in his
hand, the other waving the smoke
strata that hung before his face!
"Let me come and get warm a min
ute. I'm wheezing again, and ray
room's cold as a tomb. Don't mind
me — all I want is to set before the fire
for a spell."
He sidled In before the permission
was granted and sank down In tha
armchair, hitching: It nearer- to the
grate. He was a man to whom intox
ication lent a curiously amiable and
humorous quality. The ugliness and
evil that were so evidently part of his
nature were not so apparent, and he
became cheerful, almost genial.
Sitting close to the fire, he held out
his hands to the blaze, then, stealing a
look at Essex over hia shoulder, saw
that he was refilling his pipe.
"Been to the funeral?" he said.
Essex grunted an assent.
"The family there?"
"None of the ladles; only Win
Shackleton."
Harney was silent; then, with the
greatest care, he took up a piece of
coal and set It on the fire. The action
required all the Ingenuity of which he'
was master. His body responded to
his intoxication, while, save for an un
usual fluency of speech, his mind ap
peared to remain unaffected. After he
had set the coal in place he looked at
Essex, who was staring vncantly at
him, thinking of ihe second part of his
article.
"Did you notice a tall, fine-looking
young lady there with dark red hair?"
said Harney, without removing his
glassy gaze from the man at the table.
Essex did not move his eyes, but
their absent fixity suddenly seemed
to snap into a change of focus betok
ening attention. Gazing at Harney, he
answered coldly:
"No;, I saw no one like that. To
whom are you referring?"
"Oh, I dunno, I dunno," responded
the other with a clumsy shrug of his
shoulder, and turning back to the fire
over which he cowered.
"But you know her anyhow," he
added, half to himself.
"Whom do I know? Turn around."
The man turned, looking a little de
fiant
"Now, what are you trying to say?"
"I ain't trying to say nuthln'. All I
done is to ask yer if yer saw a lady —
tall, with red hair — at the funeral.
You know her, 'cause I've seen you
with her."
"Who is she?"
"Well," slowly and uneasily, "she's
called Moreau."
"You mean Miss Mariposa Moreau,
the daughter of a mining man, who
died last spring in Santa Barbara?"
"Yes; that's her all right. She's
called Moreau, but it ain't her name."
"Moreau isn't her name? What is
her name, then?"
"I dunno," he spoke stubbornly and
turned back to the fire.
"Turn back here." said Essex In a
suddenly authoritative tone; "explain
to me what you mean by that"
VI don't mean nuthln'," said the
other, looking sullenly defiant, "and 1 1
don't know nuthln' only that that ain't
her true name."
"What is her name? Answer me at
once, and no fooling."
"I dunno."
Essex rose. Harney, looking fright
ened, staggered to his feet, clutching
the mantelpiece. He half-raised his
arm as if expecting to be struck and
said loudly:
"If you want to know ask Shackle
ton's widow. She knows."
Essex stood a few paces from him,
suddenly stilled by the phrase. The
drunkard, alarmed and yet defiant,
could only dimly understand what the
expression on the face of the man be
fore him meant.
"Sit down," said 3ssex quietly; "I'm
not going to touch you. I'm going to
get some whisky. That'll tone you up
a bit. The bronchitis has taken It out
of you more than you think."
He went to a cupboard and brought
out a bottle and glasses. Pouring
some whisky Into one, he pushed it to
ward Harnev.
"There, that'll brace you up. You'll
feel more yourself in a minute."
He diluted his own with water and
of reference books he had to consult
for an article on the great actresses
of the French stage from Clairon to
Roche!. These light and brilliant es
says had been an experiment of
Shacklcion's. who maintained that the
Sunday edition should furnish food for
ail types of minds. Essex had pro
duced exactly the class of matter
wanted, and received for It the gen
erous pay that the proprietor of The
Trumpet was always ready to give for
good work.
The reader waa fluttering the leaves
of the first book of the pile when a
knock at the door stopped him. He
knew It was his neighbor across the
hall, who had been in bed for over a
week, yick with bronchitis. Essex had
seen the man several times during his
seclusion and had conceived a care
lessly cynical interest in him.
When sober, he had developed re
markable anecdotal capacity, which
had Immensely amused his new ac
quaintance. Tales of *49 and the early
Comstock days, scandals of those now
in hixh places, discreditable accounts
of the making of fortunes, flowed from
bis lips In a hlgto-colored and divert
ing stream. If they were lies they
were exceedingly Ingenious ones. Bs
eex saw material for a dozen novels In
the man's revealing and lurid recitals.
Of his own personal history he was
reticent, merely saying that his name
waa George Harney, and his trade that
of Job-printer. Drink had almost de
stroyed him. Physically he was a
mere bunch of nerves covered by flab
by, sallow flesh.
In answer to Essex's "oonw in." the
door opened and Harney shambled In
to the room. He was fully dressed,
but showed the evldenoes of Illness in
his hollowed cheeks and eyes, and the
jrellow skin hanging flaccid round Jaw
and throat. His hand shook and his
gait was uncertain, but he was per
fectly sober.
"I came to cave a squint at the pa
per. Doc" be said In a hoarse voice.
"I can't go out with this blasted
' wheezing on me. Dont want to die In
i my prime."*
Essex threw the paper across the
table at him.
"There's news to-night," h« said
taking up bis book; "Shaokleton's
dead."
The rrmw stopped as 1* electrified.
"Shackle ton? Jake Shackleton 7"
he said in a loud voice.
"Jake Shackleton." answered Essex,
surprised at the startled astonishment
of his £aoo. "Did you know him?"
Harney snatched the paper and
opened It with an unsteady hand. He
ran his eyes over the lines under the
black-lettered heading of the first
page.
"By gosh!" ha said to himself, "so
ha Is; so he Is!"
He sat down In the chair at the op
posite side of the table, smoothed out
the sheet and read the account slowly
and carefully.
"By gosh!" he said again when he
had finished, "who'd a thought
Jake'd go off like that!"
"Did you know him?" repeated Es
sex.
"Once up In the Sierra, when we
was all mining up there."
He spoke absently and sat looking:
into the fire for a moment, then said:
"It's pretty tough luck to be
I whisked off that way when you Just
got everything in the palm of your
hand."
Essex made no reply, and after a
pause he added:
"Between fifteen and twenty mil
lions it says there," Indicating the pa
per, "and when I saw Jake Shackleton
first you wouldn't er hired him to
sweep down the steps of The Trumpet
office. But that was twenty-five
years ago at least."
"Oh, Shackleton was an able man.
There's no question about that They
trere saying in the office to-night that
twenty million is a conservative figure
ro put his money at."
"Who does it go to? Do you know
that?" queried the man by the fire.
"Widow and children, I suppose.
There are two children. Don't
amount to anything. I believe."
"Xo; there are three."
i Harney turned from the fire and
looked over his shoulder. He was sit
ting in a hunched position, his back
rounded, his chin depressed. His
black eyes, that drew close to his
nose, were instinct with eager cunning.
The Ekln across the bridge of the nose
was drawn in wrinkles. As he looked
the wheezing of his disturbed breath
ing was distinctly audible. Essex was
struck by the sly and malevolent In
telligence of his face.
"Three children!" he said. "Well,
I've always heard the death of a bo
nanza king was the signal for a large
crop of widows and orphans to take
the field."
"There won't be any widow this
tizne. She's dead. But the girl's alive
and I've seen her."
He accompanied this remark with a
second look, significant with the same
malicious Intensity «f meaning. Then
he rose to his feet and walked to
ward the door.
"Good-night. Doc." ha said as he
reached it; "ain't well enough to talk
to-night."
Eesex gave him a return good-night
and the door closed on him. The
younger man cogitated over his books
for a space. It did not strike him as
Interesting or remarkable that Shack
leton should have had an unacknowl
edged child, of whose existence George
Harney, the drunken Job-printer,
knew. He was becoming accustomed
to the extraordinary intermingling of
classes and conditions that marked
the pioneer period of California life.
But should the unacknowledged child
attempt to establish its claim, to part
cf the great estate left by* the bonanza
king, what a complication that might
lead to! These Calif ornians were cer
tainly a picturesque people, with their
dramatic ups and downs of fortune,
their disdain of accepted standards,
their Indifference to t-aditlon, and
their magnificently disreputable pasts.
As one of the special writers of The
would rest easier; her children would
seem more secure In their positions
and possessions, if Mariposa Moreau.
well provided for. were safe in Paris
studying shirring.
When she was fully decided as to
the wisdom of her course, she wrote?
Marfposa a short but friendly lett?r..
speaking of her knowledge of Mr.
Shackleton's plans for her advance
ment, of her desire to carry out her
late husband's wishes, and naming a
day and hour at which she begged the
young girl t& call on her. It was a
simple matter to ascertain Mis3
Moreau'g address from Mrs. Willers.
and the letter was duly sent.
It ro'used wrath in its recipient.
Mnrlposa was learning worldly wis
dom at a rate of which her tardy de
velopment had not given promise.
Great changes were taking place in
her simple nature. She had been
wakened to life with 1 savage abrupt
ness. Dormant characteristics, pas
sions unsuspected, had risen to the
surface. The powerful feelings of a
rich but undeveloped womanhood had
suddenly been shaken from their
sleep by a grip of the hand of destiny.
The unfamlliarity of a bitter anger
against the Shackletons struggled with
the creeping disgust of Essex, that
grew dally.
Morning after morning she woka
when the first gray light was faintly
defining: the squares of the windows.
The leaden sense of wretchedness
that seemed to draw her out of sleep
gave place to the living hatred and
shame that the upheaval of her life
had left behind. She watched the
golden wheat-ears dimly glimmering
on the pale walls, while she lay and
thought of all she had learned of life,
her faith and happy Ignorance de
stroyed forever.
Six weeks ago Mrs. Shackleton's let
ter would have represented no more to
her than what its words expressed.
Now, she saw Bessie's anxiety to be
rid of her, to push her out of sight as
a menace. How much more readily
would the widow have' gone to work, t
with what zest of alarm and energy/
would she have contrived for her ex-*
pulslon, had she guessed what Marl
posa knew. The girl vacillated for a
day. hating the thought of an inter
view with any member of the family
¦whose wrongs to her beloved mother
were seared scars in her brain; but
finally concluding that It would be
better to end her connection with
them by an interview with Mrs.
Shackleton, she answered the letter,
statins that she would coma at the
appointed hour. /
Two days later, at the time set In \
the afternoon, she. stood In the small
reception-room, to the left of the wide
marble hall, waiting. The hushed
splendor of the house 'would have Im
pressed and awed her at any other
time. But to-day her heart beat loud
and her brain was preoccupied with
Its effort to keep her purpose clear,
and yet not, to be angered into reveal- j
Ing too much. y
which Bessie had suffered In finding
her husband dead had rendered the
country place unbearable to her.
The day after the funeral the
women had removed to town. Win.
however, remained at Menlo Park, to
tfb over such documents of hl3 father's
rs had been left there. Shackleton
had lived so much at his country
place for the last two or three years
that many of his papers and letters
were kept in the library, which had
been his special sanctum.
"Among these, the son had come up
on a small. package of letters, which,
fastened together with an elastic.' and
bearing a note of their contents on
one end, had roused his Interest. They
were the letters exchanged between
hia father and the chief of the detec
tive bureau when the latter had been
commissioned to locate the widow nnd
daughter of Daniel Moreau.
Shackleton; a man of exceedingly
methodical habits, had kept copies of
his letters. There were only seven of
them altogether — three from him:
four In reply. The first onrs were
short, only a few lines, containing the
request to find the ladles who, the
writer understood, were In San Fran
cisco, and ascertain their circum
stances nnd position. Then came the
acknowledgment of that, and then
in a few days, the answer stating the
whereabouts of Mrs. Moreau and her
daughter, their means, and such
small facts about them as that . tho
mother was In delicate health and the
daughter "a handsome, accomplished,
and estimable young lady."
Win looked over this correspond
ence, puzzled and wondering. He re
membered the girl he had seen In
The Trumpet office that dark after
noon, and how the office boy had told
him it was a Miss Moreau, a friend of
Miss Willers and a singer. What mo
tive could his father have had in seek
ing out this girl and her mother in
this secret and effectual way? He
read over the letters again. Moreau
had died In Santa Barbara in the
spring, the widow and her daughter
had then come to San Francisco, and
by the wording of the second letter ho
Inferred that his father had been Ig
norant of their means, and of the
girl's appearance, style and character.
It was evidently not the result of an
interest in people he had once known
and then lost sight of. It seemed to
be an Interest, for some outside rea
son, in two women of whom he knew
absolutely nothing.
Win had heard that his father con
templated offering: a musical educa
tion to some singing girl, of whom the
young man knew nothing, and had
seen only for a moment that day in
The Trumpet office. This was un
doubtedly the girl. But Shackleton
evidently had not heard of her
through Mrs. Willers, who was known
to be an energetic* boomer of obscure
genlua. He had hunted her out him
self; had undoubtedly had some ulte
rior. Interest in, or knowledge of her
some time before the day Win had
seen her. It was odd, the boy thought,
meditating over the correspondence.
What could have led his father to
search for, and then attempt to assist
a woman who seemed to be a com
plete stranger to him? It looked like
the secret paying of an old debt.
Win put the letters In his pocket
and went up to town. There was
more work for him to do now than
there had been before, and he rose to
it with a spirit -d energy that sur
prised himself. Neither he nor any
one else had ever realized how para
lyzing to him had been his father's
cold scorn. From boyhood. Win had
felt himself to be an aggravating
failure. The elder man had not scru
pled to make him understand his in
feriority. The mere presence of his
father seemed to numb his brain and
make his tongue stammer over the
simplest phrases. Now, he felt him
self free and full of energy, as though
bands that had cramped his mind and
confined his body were broken. His
old attitude of posing as a fast young
man of fashion lost its charms. Life
grew suddenly to mean something, to
be full of use and purpose.
He was left very much to himself,
his mother being still too much broken
to attend to business, and Maud being
absorbed in her affair with Latimer,
which had recently culminated in a
secret engagement. This she had been
afraid to tell to her domineering
father and ambitious mother, and her
opportunities of seeing her fiance had
been of the briefest until now. Lati
mer haunted the house of evenings,
when Bessie was lying on the sofa in
an upstairs boudoir and Win was
locked in his father's study going over
the interminable documents.
The first darkness of her grief and
horror past, Bessie, in her seclusion,
thought of many things. One of these
¦was the fate of Marlposa Moreau. The
bonanza king's widow, with all her
faults, bad that lavish and reckless
generosity, where money was con
cerned, that marked the early Callfor
nlans. This forceful woman, who had
made the blighting Journey across the
plains without complaint, faced the
fierce hardships of her early married
life with a smile, borne her children
amid the rude discomforts of, remote
mining camps, was an adept in the art
of luxurious living. She knew by In
stinct how to be magnificent, and one
of her magnificences waa the careless
munificence of her generosity.
Now, she felt for Mariposa. She
knew Shackleton's plans for her, and
realized the girl's disappointment In
her heart she had been bitterly Jeal
ous of the other wife's child, who had
the beauty and gifts her own lacked.
It would be to everybody's advantage
to remove the girl to another country
and sphere. And because her hus
band had died there was no reason
why his plans should remain unful
filled. Though Shackleton had as
sured her that the girl knew nothing,
though every one connected with the
shameful bargain but , herself was
dead, it was best to be prudent, espe
cially when prudence was the course
most agreeable to all concerned. She
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
(Contlnaod Next Sunday.)
4
JOE ROSENBERG'S.
ooco»oeoc»©o©o«ooooooc
I SLENDER WOMEN!
3 Made to Look Stont t{
• By Wearing These. |
• : — -i o
ft '(• *)'j' jTTl«^~* '-
i /'/ v I :
: u \ %
2 S
S It is one of the newest 1004
q models. A distinct style of our J
9 own. If your corsets are made 0
0 to order and you pay ten times Q
• the p ice we ask you could not 9
Jg get a better made or better •
5 form builder than these. It is ®
2 modeled and designed for the S
q fashionable, up-to-date women, q
9 Made of French batiste, with o
O bias ribbon straps; aluminoid O
• boning, which is unbreakable •
2 and rust proof. It has a short, •
2 straight front, cut low at top •
X of front steel, with a deep bust S
curve. It is a great form de- S
veloper for slender or medium ©
• figures. q
I Wee $1.50 §
§ I Corsets fitted free. Experts S
0 in attendance to tell which q
0 corset is best suited for your #
9 figure. Only to be had at 0
|JOE ROSENBERG'S i
0 The Home of Good Corsets, q
1 816 Market St. 11 O'Farrell St. g
• « Phelan Building. O
6 O
Gcs©o©9©©ss0ocos ©eecc©The desk was pushed to one side
with some trunks and boxes. It was
a quaint, antique affair of mahogany,
severely colonial in style. The main
body Avas crescent shaped, supported
on hand-carved lega. There were four
drawers, two on each side, and a
small, low cabinet of pigeon-holes on
top. '
Suzanne stood motionless before it
for several minutes, trying to make
up her mind to insert the key. "When
she did so. in tjie lock of the nearest
top drawer, her hand trembled slight
ly, and she held her breath. The key
turned easily and the drawer was
ready for inspection, but she did not
open it. Thoughts whirled like the
fluttering' snowflakes through her
mind, and she stood again Irresolute.
She had told Bess that she believed
absolutely in Bob. Higher than her
love for him had been her unfalter
ing belief and confidence in him. It
was the very keystone of her marriage
faith, and yet. at the first blow of
suspicion, it gave way.
Bess was a child, with the impulsive
judgment of a child. She had been
wrong to even tell her of the desk.
•wrens to discuss Bob or -his motives
with her at all, or to listen for an
instant to any doubt of him, even in
jest. She must have faith and wait
She set her lips closely and went
up the garret stairs with the candle
stick in one hand and the key in the
other. Half way there was a turn at
a email landing, and it was at ths
angle made by this that she had found
the little low door leading to the
"catch all." She opened it now and
entered, half closing the door after
her.
ner for a bride, she thought. a3 she
went upstalr3. r her first New Year's
eve. Perhaps by the time the mid
night bells rang out she might be
making a few strange resolutions for
the cominc year.
It was dark on the irarret stairs.
She stopped at the door of Bob's dress
lngr-room and took a candlestick from
the mantel. It was a wedding gift — a
Japanese bronze griffin, with outspread
wings and spiral, sinuoua tall.
Aa »ho held . it to the gas jet to
light the candle something fell on the
rug at her feet and she picked it up.
It was a small, old-fashioned ordinary
brass key. She looked at it hesitat
ingly. It had never been on Bob's
rlnff, she knew. The space between
the wings of the bronze griffin was a
clever idea for concealment.
But Suzanne silenced further ques
tioning in her own effectual way. Th«
keystone of her happiness was firm
and immovable. But as they went
downstairs to dinner sha registered
one Xew Year's vow In her heart In
the future she would let love laugh at
locksmiths.
"I could, but— but I don't wish to
know your private affairs." She tried
to draw herself away, but he took her
hands and held them from her tear-
Tvet face so that he could see her eyes.
"Sue, darling." he said. "You bless
ed little Mrs. Bluebeard, that desk is
a wedding present to you from
Grandmother Hadlelgh. It's been In
the family since the year one, I guess,
and there Isn't a single thing In those
drawers. It came the last minute th»
day we were married, and was so
heavy and unwieldy 1 told father to
send it along with my things and hava
it put away somewhere until we cam*
home. And I laid the key In the grif
fin for safe keeping. What did you
think was In it?"
"Is It?" He stared at the tlesk In
bewilderment "Well, the key was on
my mantel, dear. You found It all
right, didn't you? Couldn't you un
lock it?"
•¦I haven't used It," she said, broksti
ly. "But. oh, Bob, I came so near It
You don't have to tell me what's iu
the old thing. I'll believe in you just
the same, and I don't want to know."
"Know what?" he demanded. "Don't
cry, Sue." He drew her to him tender
ly. "What's up, anyway?"
"That desk," she sobbed. "It's
lorked."
There was the sound of & footstep
on the stairs, and aha relocated the
drawer qulcklT.
. "I'll be down In a moment. Xorab, *
Ehe called. "You may serve dinner."
The voice that answered was familiar
and masculine. She nearly let the can
dle fall In her surprised recognition
of It
"It's only I, Sue. What on earth arc
you doing in thare?"
She stood mute and motionless a*
he bent his head and entered the low
door. It*v.-as Bob, and he was smillns
and happy, hia clear eyes seeking for
the glad welcome he exnected.
"I only ran down for to-night,*" h«
added. "I couldn't let you face the
first new year alone, sweetheart"
His arms reached for her. but she
shook her head and handed him th«
key.
He had probably locked the desk
against the curiosity of' the servants
and had forgotten it in the hurry and
excitement of the wedding. She must
believe in him. The mere fact tha:
they were married did not give her a
coroner's right to hold a post-mortem
over his dead past.
It promised to be a long, cold win
ter for Florence Maude when chance
and the necessity of finding a place to
lay her weary head that, didn't coat
quite so much per lay threw her int.)
the company of a young lady who car
ried a bunch of paper roses in the
rear row of the chorus in "The Girl
From Nowhere in Particular." .This
ardent worshiper of the^. dramatic
muse told her tliat another girl was
wanted in the same row to hold up
one end of. a banner and wave her
left foot above her head when the
Prince comes on in the last act with
the disguised manicurist, who con
descended to accept his hand in mar
riage. It was an opening and that
was what Florence Maude was look
ing * for. She . was sure '.that * if the
manager would '¦'¦, once \ give her . a
chance to tell him about the last will
and testament of the soldier, who lay
Being naturally a kind-hearted girl,
Florence Maude didn't want to keep
the poor manager waiting for her. She
didn't know that a theatrical man
ager's principal occupation is
waiting for :. good actresses to
come along; moat of them are
still waiting. The first office
that ehe floated into was presided over
by a small bc-y with a Zangwlll cast of
features and a desire to oblige that
would have made a street car conduc
tor look like the original Lord Chester
field. This accommodating young gen
tleman assured Florence Maude that
the manager had been called suddenly
to Albany to fight a bill In the Legisla
ture making a working knowledge of
the English language indispensable for
singers in comic opera.. H.e also In
formed her that budding actresses were
so thick In New York that winter that
business traffic had been ordered off
Broadway from Twenty-sixth street to
the Hotel Metropole. :
Florence Maude's ambition was
pulling back on the leading strap as
she dragged it out into the street
again. The automobile and the mid
night, suppers didn't seem so immi
nent as they had the night before, but
she still had hope." The rest of that
day and of several days might havu
been represented by ditto marka as
far as Florence Maude w«i_s concerned.
T>ere seemed to be an overproduction
of expert actresses and an underpro
duction of acceptable places.
had been practicing: on her smile for
a year and she was sure that she could
bring down the toughest manager *on
the Rialto.
With a heart full of emotion and
reviving ambition she was ushered
Into the presence of the manager with
her smile trained to the minute and her
voice ready to break out at a moment's
warning. She intended to explain to
the man that she was going Into the
chorus only as a temporary relief
measure, and that her real forte was
the tremolo variety of drama where the
heroine comes on in the first act with
her hair hanging down her back, and
demands that the villain produce her
che-ild forthwith or tell her the name
of his lawyer.
She would undoubtedly have made a
great hit with the manager if he had
given her the chance to tell him about
it, but instead of asking her to rpeak
a few pieces for him he looked her
over as though he was thinking about
buying her a couple of new gowns and
wanted to get something that would
lit her complexion and general make
up. He didn't even want to know if
she could sing, which was very care
less of him; if she had happened to
be able to warble a few notes in tune
the effect on the rest of the chorus Is
awful to contemplate. . The upshot of
the brief interview was that Florence
Maude was told to appear for rehearsal
the next morning and afternoon and
to be at the theater promptly at 7
o'clock, or be set back $2. For this
arduous service at the shrine of the
late Melpomene she was to receive the
tremendous stipend of $3 a week, with
the possibility of a raise to nine before
the end of the season, if the show
didn't fade away or the treasurer de
part suddenly to keep an important en
gagement in Montreal.
She stood it for about two weeks and
then drew the $6 73 standing to her
credit, over and above the fines levied
for being late at rehearsals, having a
hole in her slipper, falling on her face
in the middle of the last act and-com
mitting other offenses against the dra
matic proprieties. Then she took the
back track for Hopkinsville and broke
the news to her loving friends that the
American stage was in a bad way, and
that genius was the last thing wanted
In the back row. of the chorus. Six
months later she married the dentist,
and Is now the leading light of the
Hopkinsville Hawthorne Club.
The only trouble with Florence Maude>
was that she hadn't discovered that
the only thing which is .begun at the
top is a hole .in the ground. Most of
the;peopla rwho-are engaged In con
structing those are doing it for : the
purpose of crawling Into them after
ward.
dying in Algiers he would turn the
manicurist out into the cold, cold
world and give her a whack at the
Prince.
As was only natural under the cir
cumstances Florence Maude soon be
gan to have visions of herself pushing
the boucjuets out of her way and glid
ing swiftly between solid rows of the
most approved style of Johnnies to
the stage door, where her automobile
lay in waiting.
She had heard great tales of the sala
ries that leading ladies received for do-
Ing perfectly simple things, as much as
a hundred dollars a week for walking
about on a stage and talking In a nat
ural tone of voice, without a
single thrill in it, for two or
three hours every night When
they were not doing this they
were giving delightful littla suppers.
At last Florence Maude reached the
point where she could no longer re
strain her vaulting ambition. She
must act or she must perish. She was
dead sure that tho world was standing
on tiptoe for her to come out and show
just how It should be done. Accord
ingly she packed her child's, size Sara
toga and took tha nine-forty accommo
dation from Hopklnsville to Jones Cen
ter, where she was to connect with the
Accidental Limited. Her cry was, "On
to Gotham!" That's a pretty good kind
of a cry, but people who have tried it
have found Gotham a mighty hard
kind of a place to get on to.
After Florence Maude had estab
lished herself in a boarding-house,
where she wouldn't be set back more
than twenty-five per, at the outside,
phe started out on the still hunt for
the deadly manager in hl3 lair.
She had written to two or three that
she was coming, but they hadn't even
answered her letters. Probably they
were too busy looking for a play for
her. Her idea of the way that she
would break Into the theatrical world
was modeled largely on a' story that
she had read about a young woman
from Manayunk, who got her picture
into the shop windows the first month
out, married a member of the Stock
Exchange inside of a year, was di
vorced in six months and was now
drawing a hundred and • fifty per
(haps). All that this young lady # had
done was to walk into the office and
smile at the manager. Florence Maude
7=^__ . *^=3 LORENCE MAUDE
|°-^prP^v^|j was th2 holder ot the
p-^j^? / !s I^'f ¦> < heavy-weight decla-
mation championship
ivW^K&Zir inH °Pkinsville. When
JiSfiaX^/i she let down her
!>^iaffiK23Sr«y,4 back hair and be
sought father, dear father, to come
home with her now, half the men in
the audience would look around has
tily as though they thought they
heard some one calling them.
Fable fos» the
Foolish
THE CASE OF FLORENCE MAUDE
sudden tightening of her throat
"When did you know this?" she ask
ed him.
'The day after I came here," he said.
"Perhaps you recall it We went to
Spider Pond that afternoon, and you
rallied me for being si'ipid."
._ HEY eat on the end
jFrggirazag of the pier, watching
Pj^ ml! the wavcs fasn °p ai *
* l Js.e» fezll escent tints in the
a!*^ Hh|! rr ' oo:i:i £ ht - The nou>3
P}» {3 of the Marine band,
f^g^dSSiJ smashing through
the evening concert
on the piazza of the San Marco, came
faintly out to them.
"Don't you feel the least qualms at
the thought of leaving to-morrow?" the
girl asked lightly.
"The deepest," the man responded
gravely. "But then, the end comes to
all things, you know — and it comes
rather quickly to one's funds at these
jrioter resorts."
The girl laughed.
~Yer a m mn that has thrown his
taexjey about broadcast, as you have,
ft *eems to me you're growing very
paving all a* once," she caJd.
~1 sha'n't throw much mora money
broadcast." ha mmiA grimly.
••Good for ywu. Tod!" ehe cried ap
provingly. *Tf b rtally time you took.
Ufa seriously."
"I eha'n't wwrta any more money," he
¦aid slowly, **tor the simple reason I
can't, and I shall take life 6erlously be
cause I'm forced to It."
"Tod," she eald quickly, catching
come grim, hidden meaning in his
words, "what is It? What has hap
pened?"
"Oh. nothing much," he said quietly,
"except that after to-night you will be
relieved of my society. To-morrow I
face the world with a clean slate. I
shall have a taste of earning my daily
bread."
"You don't mean" — sha began In
amazement.
"That's just what I do mean," he
6aid. "Those Western failures have
wiped me clean off the map. I haven't
a cent in the world, and consequently
I can't afford to stay any longer, at
an expensive place like this."
The girl clasped her little hands to
gethtr and knit her brows. She seemed
trying to grasp the full import of his
words.
"It's awful!" she exclaimed.
"Isn't it?" he said dryly.
"Ar.d you're going home to-morrow?"
ehe imkzd.
"Home?" He laughed recklessly.
"My clear child, why on earth should
I go home? There's absolutely noth
ing there for me. Even worse: there
are a hundred and one men who have
been waiting fcrr the chance to jump
on me when I'm down. Home? Well.
I should rather say not. Bcntley has
offered me a job on his rubber reserve
In Scntii America, I'm going there to
morrow."
The girl looked at hfs face turned to
hers in the moonlight. It was a strong,
determined face — the face of a man
who as'iv* odds of no one. She felt a
mwniuimwninq euf: Teuf! Teuf!
%¥g£JSSj2Ei2 Teuf! Hrrr! Wough!"
! Rl K3 \) The automobile
K Ji£H RJP ceased its monoton
fc !SJ*1 **¦*¦£& OU3 cn ant, coughed
H *3Sft £»%& once or twice and
E l!J£~_,. :?§? subsided Into a stata
laSHSevaHiflaiiJt. O f silence, and, alas!
immobility. In a moment the chauffeur
was off his seat, and poking about In
the machinery. Then he went to tha
door of the carriage and touched hia
hat.
"Beg pardon, miss," he said, "but
she's broke down an'll have to go to
the shop. I'm sorry, but you'll have
to get around the city some other way."
The girl on the back seat — a tall,
handsome blonde with the bluest of
blue eyes— uttered an exclamation. "If
that Isn't too bad! And. I'va got Just
two hours to" see Washington before
my train goes! Can't you call another
auto for me?" .Vi.%
The chauffeur glanced around him*.
"Oh, yes'm," he said. "Of course.
There ought •- be some here on the
stand now, only there ain't. But I'll
go In an* telephone for one right away."
_"Do! Or stay, there's one waiting
at the postoffice door now. Maybe it's
for hire."
The man looked doubtfully at the
machine indicated. "Don't think so,
miss," he answered. "That's a private
machine or I miss my guess; still, I'll
ask." Leaving the girl he walked over
to the curb and addressed the young
man sitting on the box of a handsome
automobile.
No one familiar with the new horse
less vehicles would for one moment
have supposed that the one in question
was for hire. "Racer" appeared in ev
ery line of its build and costliness in
the exquisite nicety of its construction.
¦ That anything but an instant nega
tive would be the answer to his query
"whether that machine was for hire?"
had never passed his brain, so his as
tonishment may be guessed when the
young man on the box started, glanced
at the girl still sitting in the Injured'
vehicle a short distance away, flushed
deeply, and replied In the affirmative.
Then, without waitlnc for further ex
planation, he promptly ran his machine
to the side of the other, and halted to
permit the girl to climb in. The next
moment they were swinging down the
avenue at a lively gait.
The girl leaned forward. "Ahem!"
she said. "Did the other man tell you
where I wanted to go?"
"Said you wanted to eee ths city,
ma'am." returned the young man, re
epectfully, but in a curiously muffled
tone. He had kept his head averted,
almost as if he wished to conceal hia
features— a wish— If it were a wish-
In which he had been successful; the
girl had looked at the machine but
not at the driver.
When the chauffeur spoke she
started and glanced curiously at him,
as though his voice struck some cor
mant chord In her memory. "Yes," she
said. "I do want to see the city, but
I want to get to the depot by 3 o'clock.
My train goes out then."
"Yes'm. I'll get you there In, time.
Going East, ma'am?"
"Will you tell me why I must?" ha
said, watching it flash in the dim light.
"To— to pay my passage down the're
with you, Tod," she said with burning
checks.
"Do you think I am that sort?" she
asked hotly. "Do you think I prom
ised to marry you to desert you at a
time like this?"
"I know," he argued, "that is very
noble of you. But remember what
this means— years and years of wait
ing, probably. A man can lose in a
day what It takes a lifetime to replace
— what can sometimes never be re
placed. I can't subject you to such
conditions. You are young and the
doors of the world are open to you.
It may be hard now, but you'll forget
me presently. It Is better that you
should."
"Tod!" There was a world of re
proach In her voice.
"Better give it back to me," he ad
vised.
She covered her face with her hands
and began to sob. He watched her
with all a man's helplessness at such
a moment.
"I— I thought you cared more than
that," she said chokingly.
"Cared?" he eald wildly, "cared?
Good God! Have you any idea how
much I care? Let me tell you, then.
I have cared so much I have stayed
here until I am well nigh penniless.
Come what might, I was bound to be
with you until the last cent was gone.
I have stayed until there is nothing
left— until It becomes necessary for me
to go over to the town to-morrow to
pawn my evening clothes and watch to
get my passage money down there. I
have cared like the desperate gambler
who plays the game to his last farth
ing. That's the way I care," he ended
hoarsely.
The man and girl faced each other
In silence; he with tense, drawn face;
she with a wonderful light in her eyes.
She drew the ring from her finger and
laid it in his big. brown hand. .
"You are wise," he said heartily^
She looked at him searchihgly.
"I give it back on one condition," she
said.
"And that?"
"You must pawn it."
"Pawn it?" he gasped. "Not this. I
can't"
"You must," she said.
"I wanted you to know all these
things before I went," said he, "and
I wanted to tell you some other things.
That is why I brought you out here
where it is quiet First, will you
kindly slip off that ring and give it
to me?" •
He threw his cigar Into the water
and watched it float lazily away on
the tide.
Perhaps not," she admit
"Is it imprudent for a man who is
going to a perdition of a wilderness to
drain his cup of happiness to the last
dregs before he leaves?" said he.
"And yet you have stayed on here
for two weeks." t-he said accusingly.
"I have stayed as lgng as the money
I had with me — ail the money I had
in the world, for that matter — lasted,"
he said.
"Wasn't that rather imprudent?"
she asked.
He had sprung from the seat and
stood holding out h!s hands*. th» light
of love pleading in hia eyes. "Won't
you go in with me, Bessie?" he asked
again. •
For an instant the. girl hesitated:
then she took the proffered hand.
"Yes. Frank," she said softly. "I will
go with you — now and always"
"Bless that old gasoline rattletrap
that broke down with you," he cried.
"It must have been one of Cupid's up
to-date chariots in disguise."
"Of course! The minute I really
looked at you. But you'll make me
miss my train."
"Train? No train for you! I'll not
take any chances now. Your interest
In the city may have lapsed, but here's
the City Hall. Shall I go in and get
a marriage license, or — will you go in
¦with me?"
"That? Oh, the Patent office or
the Pension Office or something!
Think of — "
"But suppose the girl has sent him
away?"
"Then let her whistle him back and
see whether he won't come."
The girl glanced at the broad back
of the man before her, while her
shoulders quivered with silent mirth.
Then she puckered up her lips and
deliberately emitted a clear, soft
whistle.
The effect was magical. Instantly
the chauffeur swung around in his
seat and faced her. "Bessie!" he ex
claimed, "do you mean It?"
The girl smiled at him, though her
eyes were dewy. "Of course I do,
Frank," she said. "I never thought
you would go away as you did ju3t
for a word. No! No! Keep your
seat. You can say all that's really
necessary from where you are."
"And you knew me all the time?"
"Married! Whew! That's a very
radical remedy. It might be worse
than the other trouble. How many
books are there in the library?"
"Two or three million, I believe.
Oh, no! You wouldn't find it so. I'm
sure. Think of crowing Into a spec
tacled old maid! All college girls do,
you know. Then think of that young
fellow just longing to make a home
for you — "
"What bulldlne Is that?"
"Yes. Why, of course, most girls
have — have — can marry." Tha man
was speaking eagerly now, but ha still
kept his face turned away and threw
the words over his shoulder.
"Oh, a stepmother at home, for In
stance. How many Senators are there?"
"Three hundred and eight-six, I be
lieve. A stepmother might be a terror
to some girls, of coarse, but most of
them can get away from one home to
another without coins to college."
"How? By tha way, is that tha li
brary?"
Again the girl looked at Mm curi
ously. "Yes." Bhe answered slowly,
"I'm on my way to college."
"Oh— er— you believe In tha higher
education of women, then."
The girl's eyes were dancing with fun
now. "Under certain circumstances,"
ahe said. "Is that the Capitol?"
"Yes'm, that's the CapltoL Under
certain circumstances. What circum
stances, for Instance?"
By Jolan B. Oxzford
THE LAST FARTHING
A GASOLINE CUPID
By Crittenden Marriott
"It is kind of mysterious, Bob's not
telling you a vord about It, and hid
ing it in there out of sight, and then
the fact of it being locked shows tliat
some one didn't want it opened.".
As she gave her conclusive point of
logic Bess rose. She was pretty and
petite, with a decisive tilt to her chin.
S it antique?"
) krpC^f^i/ i Suzanne trailed her
S fvir£*£rlrf' fln S ers Idly over the
Vj \ i ?$* ? \% I'iano keys in a little
C 'fe^i \% impromptu prelude
y '/'i"\S V of troublous chords
j2^-^t£rr3 ' before she answered
1 the query.
"I suppose it is," she saSd, crossly.
*Tm fare I can't te!l whether it's real
antique or not. It looks <_rld and dusty
end is all covered with heavy carv
ings. If ycu meant that sort of thing.
"Why, Bess," she turned to the ques
tioner with sudden energy, "I wouldn't
have thought a thing about it if he
had shown It to me, or even mentioned
It. He told me about everything else
In the house, and I'd never have known
a thing about this If I hadn't told
Nora to clean out that 'catch all,' as
ehe calls It, at the turn of the parrot
stairs. There is a large, wlndowless
epace over the dining-room wing, and
It was In there."
"And locked," concluded Bess, posi
tively.
"Every drawer. I asked Nora how
lore It hud been there, and she said
It had come with Bob's trunks from
home, while we were on our honey
moon. I'm not a bit curious" — she
paused.
"Of course not," assented Bess warm
ly; "or suspicious."
"Only interested."
Bess nodded her head wisely over the
intererted sigh.
Bess' words and arguments van
pwiftly through her mind. Come to
think. Bob had told her not to tire her
pelf by rummaging while he was- away.
Rummaging: That meant hunting in
the garret and running the risk of dis
covering the desk.
And Bess had spoken of Adelaide
Gifford. There had been talk of a
Fumtner engagement, she remembered.
Adelaide was older than Bob. Some
way she had always blame-.! her for
the romance and had looked upon
Bob as an impressionable youngster.
But If he had cherished her letters
and keepsakes then ho must have
loved her. Adelaide wa3 engaged to
old Mr. Thurstori now — Copp? 1 * Thurs
ton, the boys called him. Perhaps,
after all. Bob had been jealous of the
copper-made millions and had married
her in a fit of pique.
She turned from the window with
sudden determint'tion. It lacked half
an hour of dinner time. A lonely din-
I>ef=s laughed.
"Good-by. sis. Believe in Bob all you
want to. He's a dear, and if it were I,
I'd hunt a locksmith, all the Fame."
'Irs. Sheldon stood at the window
end watched the small, girlish figure
as it vanished down the street among
the fluttering snou'llake.<=. It was dusk.
The room was unllghted as yet and a
sudden sense of loneliness stole over
her in the semi-gloom, the first she
t£><\ experienced since the joyous wed
ding of a. month ago. If the affinity of
moods and colors were true, she wa3 in
harmony with the soft velvet gray of
the twilight tone that was stealing over
thf world.
Xew Year's eve and Bob away. The
tears blinded her eyes. Of course it
was business, merely a flying trip to
New York for the firm, made art the
more imperative by his neglect of busi
ness during'the honeymoon, but she felt
a vague rebellion in her heart against
even the separation of a few days.
And there was the locked desk.
"Of course, you'll do as ycu please,
Sue. You always did. But if I had
only been married a month and had
found a k-?ked desk in my house that I
knew nothing of, I know what I'd do."
Young Mrs. Sheldon left the piano
with an impatient movement. She was
tall and slender beside her sister, and
the indefinable charm of a bride was
visible in her dainty negligee toilette
of w hite crepon.
"I believevobsolutely in Bob," she de
clared.
Bess raised her eyebrows and smiled
mischievously.
"Of course you do. It may be only
some old love letters or souvenirs that
he doesn't care to part with. Do you
remember Adelaide Gifford?"
"That was two years aso."
and the confidence of 18 in her blue
eyes.
THE SAN FRANCISCO:: SUNDAY GALL.
5
MRS. BLUEBEARD/M 1885, before the present wholesome
revival of the. love of out-of-door
living and country life had been
born. Philip G. Hubert, a New York
newspaper man, tried the experiment
of cutting. loose from the drudgery of
city life and living "next to nature."
So he put his modified Rousseaiiism
into actual practice by going to live in
a modest little home on Long Island,
raising his own ' vegetables, dredging
his oysters from the Sound and trusting
to nature,' like the fowls of the air and
the beasts of the field. ¦ Such a success
did be make of It that he published a
tensive study of character "The
Imperialist." Mrs. Everard Cotes' new
novel, seems a second "Felix Holt.**
Like George Eliot, Mrs. Cotes ha*
blocked out a remarkably large field
for her story, yet filled it In with such
dr-liciit-y of line and sympathy for light
and shade that the whole finished pro
duct represents true art and infinite
labor. In truth if the author has failed
at all in this work of her* ft U just
In this very particular; for the aver
age reader of fiction whose eate& taste
FOR its breadth of canvass, minute
ness of detail and careful, in-
REVIEWS
Of Other Books.
Story of Canada.
MRS. COTES'
"The Defense of the Castle," the lat
est book of Tudor Jenks, is a boy's
story and distinctly a good one. It is
a tale of adventure^ pure and simple,
with castle walls, portcullis, dungeon
and all the accessories of a medieval
romance liberally Interlarded. Of, hand
to hand; grapples there are a plenty; of
deep mysteries and daring strategies
enough to keep any full-blooded young
ster out . of bed long past ¦ curfew. Be
sides the idol, Tobin Hood, later made
Earl of Huntington, Roger Bacon, the
monk made famous by • his _ liberties
with the devil's nose . is made to play
exciting parts In the unfolding j of j the
story. By his ¦ liberal use of gunpow
der'and the clever application of the
magic I lantern— sot i invented, { by j the
Pearl Ulilla Davis, aged IS, as the
title page solemnly asserts, and shown
by the photographic frontispiece to be
a very pretty girl, has felt called upon
to rush into print with a novel — called
so under protest— entitled "Ignorance
Unveiled." The calf* was nearly akin
to that of Joan of Arc's as the preface
declares. "Night after night I have
lain awake, battling with the restless
longing to unburden the expressions
that came to me. Voices seemed to
soar aloft, urging me on, on, until .1
found no rest. Mystic forces seemed to
gather in my. mind and to chain me to
a Purpose, which would not leave me.
I fought hard to suppress the beckon
ing, but a- Mighty j Hand seemed to
clutch my knowledge faculties into ut
terance; words and voices thrilled my
heart and mind until I was powerless
to resist; I was bound to the Cross,
and I, had to open my soul. And even
as I' wrote, those mystic voices grew
louder, and one, clear toned and sweet,
whispered to me."
After reading the first chapter of this
divinely inspired tale built on a risque
theme cne is -, tempted to regret that
Pearl | Uliila's age prevents } her , from
being spanked and sent to bed without
her.- supper.
(The Broadway Publishing Company,
New York; price n.)
RESCUED FROM FIERY DEATH,
W. A. Stanger: Laird & Lee. Chicago;
Illustrated; price 75 cents.
IGNORANCE UNVEILED. Pearl
Ulilla Davis; Broadway Publishing
Company, New York; price \l.
EUROPE ON U A DAY, anonymous;
the Rolling Stone Club, Medina, N. T.;
!]2*!*trated; price 25 cents
THE ADVENTURES OF ELIZA
BETH IN RUGEN. Countess von Ar
nim; the Macmillan Company, New
York; price $1 50.
THE DAY BEFORE YESTERDAY.
Sara A. Shafer: the Macmtllan Com
pany. New York; price $1 50.
A CENTURY OF EXPANSION, Wll
lis Fletcher Johnson; • the Macmillan
Company, New York; Illustrated with
maps; price $1 50.
LIBERTY AND A LIVING. Philip O.
Hubert; G. P. Putnam's Sons, New
York; Illustrated.
SEEKING THE KINGDOM. Ernest
E. Day; the Macmillan Company, New
York; price SI CO.
A PREACHER'S STORY OF HIS
WORK. Rev. W. S. Rainsford: the Out
look Company, New York; price $1 25.
TOLSTOY THE MAN. Edward A.
Steiner; the Outlook Company, New
York; illustrated: price $1 5».
THE AMERICAN PRISONER. Eden
Phlllpotts; the Macmillan Company.
New York; illustrated; price %X 50.
the flowers and the vegetables, .were
good-smelling herbs of many strange
kinds. She always carried a bit folded
in with her best handkerchief inside
her hymn book when -she went to
church."
The author has chosen . to view the
village through childish eyes. Just as
you viewed it many years ago.' Rachel,
the doctor's daughter, and her brothers
and sister are the little, ones whose
Joys and sorrows are carried through
the cycle of the seasons. Nothing
could be so delightfully true to recol
lection as the Incident of Rachel's en
counter with the three Miss Tucker
girls, nor could, any thing call up such
a reminiscent smile as the faithful
rccountal of the "tablos," wherein the
Children of Israel walked through the
lied Sea of a folded horse blanket.
These little incidents are'all told with
a simplicity which Is captivating. The
charm of j the story hardly excels the
charm of its diction.
(The Macmillan Company, New York;
price, $1 50.)
book of his experiences, "Liberty and
Living." The present craze for nature
books has made Hubert's work one of
timely Interest, and his publishers have
therefore brought out a new edition.-
Mr. Hubert's thesis Is a good one —
theoretically;, It is "that thousands of
people pay too much for their money,
and that ft is possible to make a small
income go much • farther in the pur
chasa of peace, culture, sunshine and
happiness than is commonly thought
possible." In pursuance of this theory
he would have every man who has any
kind of Income at all withdraw himself
to the seclusion of the ••pascua rura,"
there to till the soil, read the good book
and breathe In new life from the free
air.
The sprightly 'account of Mr. Hu
bert's experiment is, calculated to make
the reader agree with* Voltaire's "Can
dide" that the summation of all earthly
joys lies in tending one's garden, but
It Is doubtful whether every one would
have the author's success at this being
a Huron Ked Indian.
(G. P. Putnam's Sons, New York.)
way, until many centuries after Monk
Bacon's time — the wily recluse brings
haVoc to the forces of the craven be
siegers and the castle with its precious
feminine occupants is saved from utter
destruction. Mr. Jenks takes liberties
with historical chronology, but then Sir
Walter Scott, was the first offender on
that score, and Mr. Jenks can be par
doned since, like his honored predeces
sor, he can make a good story withal.
(The Mcrshon Cc-mpany, Rahway, N.
J.; ilustrated; price 51 25.) .,
J^AMLIN GARLAND, the first and perhaps the strongest of the new school of fiction writ
ers of the West, is an ardent lover of the mountains, as any of his readers may know.
Since he has associated himself with the West in his life as well as his, books his chief man
ner of recreation from the ardors of writing is to take his pack horse and hie himself to the
snowy fastness of the Rockies. This is a "rare combination of business and pleasure, for the
free air of the mountains, their vastness and the indefinable majesty of their presence all come
to him thus at the first hand and consequently the reflection of ihese influences in a book is an
action almost involuntary. How profitable are Mr. Garland's junkets into the wilds has to be
seen in his works. .
Katheriiie Duer Mackay lias set the highest mark for those enterprising ladies of large
purses who take up literature as a pastime. She has gone at the thing seriously, for her first
published novel, "Stone of Destiny," went into second edition two days after publication. She
is the wife of the millionaire, Clarence H. Mackay, who succeeded his father, the late John W.
Mackay, as president of the Commercial Cable ixvA Telegraph Company. Mrs. Mackay was
formerly Miss Duer of the well-known New York family of that name.
ROYAL ROAD TO LITERATURE
IS A RIGHT BROAD HIGHWAY
/N the March number of The Critic
Tone Noguchl. Joaquln Miller's pro
tege, writes of the rise of the novel
in Japan. He says:
"Up to 1895 novel-writing was not
looked upon as a respectable profession.
The public would not permit it to be
called gentleman's work. It was re
garded as an unpardonable diversion
of unworthy prodigies. ' The authors
were accused of 'being a demoralizing
influence. However, the fault may be
with them, since they Indulged, often
provokingly, In the depiction of the
tower class of women. The geisha was
their favorite heroine. I am told that
Ogal Mori was of ten warned by his
surgeon general (Ogal was a higher
army doctor) that he would shorten his
dignity by his novel-publication. There
Is no place like the Japanese army,
where even an ill-fitting dignity is
necessary. Once for some years Ogal
stopped writing, seeing himself In dan
ger of losing his place. What a preju
dice! But happily such a thing couldn't
happen to-day when the Invasion of
Western thought has cleared it off.
Authors have come to command re
spect. They couldn't make a living by
writing only twenty years ago, but to
day they are on the fair road to pros
perity, the public. demand for litera
ture of any sort having tremendously
Increased."
The methods of work of Miss Ellen
Glasgow, the author of "The Deliver
ance," are extremely interesting. Un
like most successful authors, she has
two periods of work during the day.
She begins at 11 o'clock In the morning,
and works until 2. and then she rests,
or walks during the afternoon. After
dinner. In the evening, she resumes her
work, and works three or four hours.
•I always lock my door when I 'work,"
she says. "I can't work when I realize
that 1 can be interrupted."
The London Academy bewails the
dearth of fine illustrated magazines in
England, points with generous envy
to the '"fine art and remarkable talents"
of our American Sarah StilweD, Eliza
beth Shippen Green, and Jessie Willcox
Smith, and asks why it is that England
seems "unable to produce editors who
can gather the best illustrators Into a
band and produce a great magazine."
It citos Harper's Magazine, the Cen
tury, and Scribner's as examples cf
what can be done in America. It was
ihe American magazine, continues the
Academy, with a crrtain mournfulness.
that, <# sl2cred in the artistic spirit of
the great -Englishmen of the eighteenth
century, gave us Howard Pyle and Ed
win "Abbey." This magazine, as every
reader remembers, was Harper's. "Ab
bey's drawings for Shakespeare's come
dies, which enriched the pages of Har
per's," goes on the Academy, "gave an
impetus to artistic endeavor in the
pages of magazines both in America
and here that It is almost impossible
to exaggerate."
The A. Wessels Company have in ac
tive preparation for publication in the
early spring a book by Rufus "Wilson
entitled "New England in Letters." Mr.
Wilson, who Is widely and favorably
known through his "Rambles in Col
onial Byways" and similar works, de
scribes a series of pilgrimages to all
the noteworthy literary landmarks of
the New England States, dealing with
the work of each author in association
with its background or environment.
This method makes his book both a
guide for the pilgrim and an Illuminat
ing review for the student. The result
is said to be a delightful mingling of
historic fact and intimate personal im
pression which will'give "New England
in Letters" a distinctive and welcome
place among works of its kind. It will
be profusely illustrated with photo
graphs and pen-and-ink eketches.
liram Stoker,, author of "The Jewel
of Seven Stars," which was reviewed in
these columns last week. Is not in ap
pearance the popular conception of the
"literary man." He Is both large and
ruddy, and his looks do not belle his
reputation as an athlete; for Mr. Stoker
was once athletic champion of the Uni
versity of Dublin, where he received
his education. Unlike some students,
his interest In university life was not
monopolized by athletics. He was also
president of the Philosophical Society
and auditor of the Historical Society,
taking the latter's silver medals for
history and composition. Mr. Stoker is
by profession a barrister.
Professor Edward A. Steiner, who
spent much of last year with Count
Tolstoy on his estate at Yasnaya Poly
ana, has written "Tolstoy the Man,"
which is to bear the Imprint of the Out
look Company. Writing of the doctrine
of non-resistance to evil followed eo
consistently by Tolstoy, he says:
"It is providential that Tolstoy "had
the power of fame and the harmless
ness of the non-resistant, for these two
facts have saved him from the exile
into which have been sent countless
numbers who have provoked the au
thorities far less than has he. He lives
in open enmity against the Govern
ment, whose power over him he does
not acknowledge, whose corruption,
cruelty and hypocrisy he has exposed
over and over again, and whose abso
lutism he is undermining more than
any other person in Russia. Whether
he wished to or not, he became the
scul of all the opposition, and the dis
satisfied of every class have gathered
around his banner, whose reasoning
they do not and care not to under
stand. He became without doubt the
strongest man In Russia, in spite of hij
defenseless condition— stronger than
the Czar, who lives in daily terror for
his life; stronger than the officials,
who, in spite of Cossacks and their
whips, are making the country ripe for
revolution and their own speedy over
throw."
For •» lent * time the "society novel"
rHK wealth of romance which lies
lacked up In the n<v>k of Books
!:as ever beer a fruUful field tor
thes* writers- who have l*en able to
catch the m.ngnific-rit r,wp and srlen
tJor of tbe cfaronlck* therein contained.
To the artistic raind. the imaginative
Mind, the epic of Hie Pentateuch and
the inspired words of the go^p-ls carry
c burden cf tferofc tragedy, iholike of
which the v.oiid has not s*on. Milton
s.v<l VryCci crtw themes for olussic
literature fr-i-.i the OJd Testament;
Ttfso bui:s. liifi cc^tntU. sor.g: upon t!j»
promise of Hit- Prophet*: every tongue
in Christendom hat voiced fJiue lo'iy
word upon th* steal text »'f Gad. 1:1
t!)r«<» iu..u>i:i « : .aj"s. barren of the
ioriier Fj.i-inss i.f lucrative, eiasslc
Lrac^dy :<i:<i inspired poem o' ll»« Bible
¦ have yJeldvu j.lac«< to the novel, to "Bon
Hur." rDarkneM and Dawn," "Hypa
tia," "Quo Yadis." Now conies another
piece of f.ctior. woven about the Ile
ortic chronicler, "The Yoke,- by
Elizabeth Mi Her.
The r.uthor has chosen the epic of
the del'ver.T.ce frcm Egypt for her
thernr: n :r.:;ro stupendous field for a
story ?•>•» could QOt have found. The
boo!: of jJx-kIus, with its= drama of the
oppress-, d thousands of [zrael delivered
fiorn tin- Cesbpots of Egypt h >* the
hand of ihe Lord, snd led out Into the
. wilderness by the patriarch, Moses,
contains in its ponjrous numbers ths
impress-ive note of tremendous
slre-njcth. it is o:»en to doubt whether
the best v.ritten of novels could be
adequate conveyance enough for the
spirit of this reiaai-kabiy dramatic in
cident in the world's history. Hat to
the credit of Oixaheth Miller b? it said
that her book catches the epic signifi
cance of the hegira with as forceful
a grin as any work of fiction could, and
that the exalted strain of her narrative
comes well nish up lo the trapic sub
limity demanded by the nature of the
subject.
From tho very nature of its being
th? i:?:odus presents to the author who
would handle it difliculties frauprht with
peril to the success of the novel. These
lie in the facts of the plagues sent by
God to break the will of the Pharaoh.
The iiible. couched as it is in the meta
phorical diction of the Oriental, pre
sents these as actual physical phe
nomena, the direct manifestations of
the Most High— miracks in short. The
spirit of higher criticism has sought
to associate these chronicled prodigies
with possible normal actions of nature,
tach as would have seemed timely in
terventions of the Divine "vVlll to the
eyes of the hosts ot Israel. What is
the novelist to do— incorporate the
miracle with its prodigious contradic
tion against nature as she is normally,
or attempt to reconcile the Pentateuch
with th<? modern science of physics?
The author of "The Yoke" boldly
makes the Nile turn into a foamins
river of blood and allows the first
born of ErO'Pt to »>o slain even unto
the first-born in Pharaoh's palace.
The story centers about the love of
Kenkcncs, a young Egyptian nobleman,
and a sculptor in the court of Pharaoh,
lor Rachel, a beautiful Israelite slave in
the quarry pits of Masaarah. Kenkones,
with an artistic instinct far in advance
of his times, wishes to break away
from the grotesque ritualistic sculpture
of Egypt and carve out his own concep
tion of the human form as it really ex
ists. While doing this secretly he uses
Rachel for his model, his affection for
her growing with every beautiful line
¦which appears out of the rough stone.
She. with her strong Judaic faith in
Cod and loathing for idolators. spurns
his affection at first, until tbe base op
pression of a courtier ot Pharaoh forces
her to seek the protection of the young
Egyptian. N -
The scene shifts to the regal cities of
Thebes and Memphis, where Meneptah,
the Pharaoh, and his courtlere are be-,
ginning to lie disturbed by reports of
risings among the Israelites under the
leadership of the Prince Mesa (Moses).
Very skil'fully the author throws over
the whole court the nameless dread and
uncertainty caused by the terrible
warnings of this Mesu, all the while
keeping the great lawgiver in the back
ground. Follow the plugues, each with
its terrible phenomena graphically de
scribed. Kenker.es, his faith in the
gods of Egypt flown, casts his lot with
tl:c people of his loved one and Bees
Ph&raoh's flrst-born smitten at the first
Passover and the army of Egypt swal
lov.ed In the Red Sea.
In its entirety "The Yoke" is a pow
ei-ful story. Despite the fact that Its
length is considerably beyond the usual
limits of the novel of to-day, the move
ment in it rarely slackens. The inci
dents of the various plagues, power
fully pictured, and the final passage
over Egypt of the angel of death make
a climax of remarkable strength. The
vivid descriptions of palace life and
quarry pit which fill the book, though
they may not be as correct as those of
the Egyptologist and novelist, CJeorg
Ebers. are nevertheless effective. The
author's picture of the water carnival
on the Nile at Memphis is as perfect
:is nv.y bit of descriptive writing in ro
ccnt fiction.
CISobbs-Merrill Company. Indianapo
lis; price $1 50.)
Tale From Exodus
THE YOKE-
PASSING
Notes and Gossip.
NewBooks Received
The splendid stroke recently deliver
ed by the Japanese In dashing into the
harbor of Port Arthur and torpedoing
the Russian battleship calls attention
to the central incident in Rev. Cyrus
Tov/nsend Brady's new story, "A Lit
tle Traitor to the South." But the in
cident described by Mr. Brady was
even more daring. It took more cour
age forty yeara ago to go up to a war
ship in a small torpedo-boat, hold the
torpedo up agair.st the side of a vessel
and pull the string, than to. steam Into
a harbor in a thirty-knot craft, launch
a torpedo from several hundred yards'
distance and vanish.
Marmaduke Pickthall. the author of
"Said, the Fisherman." the new novel
of the East, reviewed in thi3 paper re
cently, writes of a people he knows
with an Intimacy rarely attained by a
Christian. In its vividnass and evident
truth to the life it depicts Mr. Pick
thall's story has been compared to
Kipling's "Kim." Certainly Mr. Pick
thall knows Turkish Palestine as thor
oughly as ever Kipling did India; he is
a complete master of the Arabian lan
guage and speaks most of the common
dialects. He ha3 made long journeys
through the country with natives as
his only friends and prefers to live and
eat In the Damascus taverns where
only the natives congregate. He is so
thoroughly Orientalized that he habit
ually sides with the natives against
the foreigners.
Mrs. Edith A. Talbot in her "Life ef
General Samuel Armstrong," Just pub
lished by Doubleday, Page & Co.. men
tions an early Instance of a discrim
ination for American goods In the Pa
cific market. It was in the early mis
sionary days In Hawaii, in the church,
"On one side." says the author, "was
the King's pew. with scarlet hangings;
the royal family always distinguished
themselves by coming In very Iata,
with the loudest of squeaking shoes.
The more the shoes squeaked the bet
ter was the wearer pleased, and often
a man, after walking noisily in. would
sit down and pass his shoes through
the window for his wife to wear in,
thus doubling the family glory. Nosh
musical shoes were hardly salable."
Professor Frank Moore Colby, wn«
has been for some time past a regula*
contributor to The Bookman, has
Joined the editorial staff of that maga
zine. Professor Colby has been the
managing editor of the New Interna
tional Encyclopedia, which Is just be
ing completed. This will be the tenth
year of The Bookman, and this acces
sion to tne editorial *taff. with other
contemplated changes, bids fair to
make the year a most interesting on*
in the history of the magazine.
has had a distinctly metropolitan arao»
elation that It Is a pleasure to find on*
with a locale other than N«v York.
The scene of Emma Howard Wlfht'i
"The Evolution of Lilian," the opening
novel in Tales From Town Topics for
March, is Baltimore. The novel Is,
nevertheless, a genuine example of th»
species, and the flavor of smart society
is present In abundance. As to Its
truth there may be two opinions;
doubtless there are those who will hold
that it presents an overdrawn picture
of the evils that Infest society, not
merely in the South but In every im
portant city. But if the vicious aspects
of life are prominent the lesson to be
drawn from them Is equally so. On
this side, Indeed, the story is almost
too moral. Yet this Is a trifling fault
I! the story Is really Interesting; and
that it Is the test of actual reading will
fully prove.
One of the vital forces In the * € prob
lem of the New South" Is the attitude
of the South Itself toward criticism.
The South very naturally resents be
ing openly treated as the "sick man of
America," with all kinds of quack
medicines being prescribed for ne
srronia, lynchitis and feudism. Much
wisdom is wasted on the South be
cause this wisdom lacks understanding
and arouses only hostility. That the
fault does not lie with the South is
clearly demonstrated by the spirit of
appreciation and responsiveness with
which the press of every Southern city
is greeting "The Widow in the South"
— a book which criticizes frankly, but
also gives credit where credit la due.
and does both with a tact and judg
ment that have won the Southern
heart. Teresa Dean and her brilliant
essays will undoubtedly help the South
— but perhaps most of all by showing
the North that its duty is merely to
help the South work out Its own salva
tion, and to give this help with tact
and sympathy.
All of the old worthies of tbe village
that you remember are In the village
of Day Before Yesterday. There Is the
man who ran the carpenter shop, who
used to give you shavings for "tails';
if you were a boy, or curls if you wore
frocks. Then there was the old judge
•who got a wooden leg in the war and
the "funny old woman." In the book
eha happens to be "th* little German-
French woman, whom they all called
*gro«smutter.' In her garden, besides
It is to the village of Day Before
Yesterday that the author draws you
back to the little hamlet in Indiana,
Wisconsin or Illinois where "wide and
cool lay the streets, shadowed from end
to end by rows of sugar maples," and
"green billows of waving corn, yellow
shoals of bending wheat. ETay-grecn
drifts of foaming oats and crimson
tides of rlppllns clover flared Into" the
very edge of the addition." It Is of
the sweet town of th'e thirty years
gone, the town wherein you learned
to grow up with the meadow flowers
and the red squirrels in the beeches of
the common, that Sara Shafer writes.
Her characters are the good aunts and
grandfathers who took Rachel or Dick
to the circus, the boy with the llmpy
leg. who carried the milk, and the
threp old maids down by the creek.
To read of them 'is to bring back In a
flash your . village of yesterday, your
aunts and grandfathers who used to
take you. a kinky-headed kid, to the
circus and to church in the carryall
which smelt of leather.
dulled by the roar and the rush
of the daily "round; for .whom the flow
ers bloom only in, florists' •windoVs
and the birds exist in netted cages at
the park alone— for these has "The
Day Before Yesterday" been written.
Those who have been caught In the
great wheel of the everyday, whirling,
whirling month in and month out over
the same round of life, whose limits
are the dull, hard pales of necessity
would such as those pause for one
minute to catch a sweet glimpse of
childhood's long ago. let them read this
little book by Sara A. Shafer. The
cable cars and the electric signs, the
typewriter's . click and the telephone's
buzz will all melt away under the
charrn of this little picture of the
Knickerbocker und gingham frock
days in the village away back East
somewhere.
Of Sweet Memories.
I^APLESS city dwellers, whose
M.X every sense has long since been
A VILLAGE
At the outlet of the story the reader
i? introduced Into the home of the
Muivhisons. canny. Cod-fearing 1 peopie,
liberal in everything: but their faith,
and meeting life with a smile and a
wise saw. Mother Murchison, who is
at one minute worried over her tomat •
chow-chow and at another "wondering
how Dr. Drummond aptc the matenal
for his sermons, is by far the most
l-jvabie mother that has come to us
out of the pages of a book, for many
a day. John Murohison, the father, is
not yet long enough out of Scotland to
m^ke any leading statements withou.
their saving qualification.
Of this family is Lorr.e Murchison.
After graduating with his B. L., Lome
becomes a lawyer and politician with
the imperialistic propaganda of th?
Kngiish statesman Wallingham as his>
hobby. A trip to Enc'.aiid only con
firms his bcMjf in the absolute neces
sity for a pan-Dritish Zollverein and
i;e returns to throw himself impetu
ously into the contest for a ,seat in th •
Canadian House of Parliament. Witt*
equal impetuosity he throws himse
into the vain pmsuit of the tender pa?
rion. But by both the politicians nn>\
the object of his affections he is coz
ened into defeat and the story end?
with Lome Murchison a sadder and
a wiser man, both in love and politics.
The plot [a not much. Though Mrs.
Cotes must have made an exhaustive
excursion into government reports and
odito: ial files to build up the arguments
of«h?r imperialist it must be confessed
that the reader is not to be blamed for
slipping uver the lengthy passages
about tariffs and fiscal policies— Mr.
Chamberlain of England might see his
likeness in Wallingham— and . getting
down to the real meat in the story.
That lies solely in the very delightful
portraits Mrs. Cotes draws. Hush Fin
lay, the strong willrd, almost fanatical
preacher who swerves ncrt a jot from
his old Covenanter's sense of absolute
duty, is a new and powerful character
in fiction. Dr. Drummond. the pulpit
orator whose code may permit of a.
little liberal interpretation between
Sundays; Advcna, th« mystic and tin
dreamer, and again motherly, quaint
Mr?. Murchison— these V/pes. delicately
drawn, shaded artistically with a deft
sympathetic touch, make "The Impe
rialist" what it is: a quiet, quaint sU/ry
in gray tones.
(D. Appl*ton & Co.. New York: illus
trated; price $1 50.)
demands action, action and more ac
tfen. Mrs. Cotes* delicate steel etching
of quiet provincial life will have little
appeal. The reader who subsists upon
Zcnda stories, Graustark and Haddon
Hall romances will not abide "The Im
perialist.'" ,
Mrs. Cotes' latest work of fiction
aims to do for a raw little town in
Ontario what Margaret Deland has
wrought for that rare old Chester — to
project upon the screen' of a simple
plot a delicately lined picture of tha
plain folk who find their lives encom
passed by the narrow limits of a pro
vincial community and who are
brought thoreby into the primitive as
sociation of neighbors and townspeople.
Cad) «'f the town worthies, the editor,
the dominie of the church, the pros
perous ami hard-headed merchant, are
n:ade to express their views upon the
world in general with the quaint pro
vincialism that is theirs. The world
through their spectacles is a very
amusing world, but a comfortable out*
withal.
THE SAN 'FRANCISCO SUNDAY CAhL.
6
GLIMPSES AT CURRENT LITERATUREtween realities and mere fancies, of
the mind are not clearly perceived.
Very few adults can tell the exact
truth about any accident they see.
Nearly every person sometimes stops
and hesitates before he is sure whether
he really had a certain experience, or
whether it is merely a. dream. Have
we not all sometimes asked ourselves
the question, "Did I dream this, or did
I read It, or did some one tell me of It
several years ago?." Remembering 13
simply bringing into our minds images
of what has been there before. It .is
merely another form of imagination.
How easy it Is for any one, especially
a child, to fall to distinguish between
the . image now in the mind- and one
which has been prominent in the mind
some time in the. past! -How, natural
for a chili! thinking; of a runaway, to
confuse the Image now. In the mind
with the one that might have been in
the mind some time ago. If he does,
he would say that he saw a runaway
and tell all the details he - remembers
from the picture in. his mind. He
would then be telling. what, he thought
would be the truth, . even though it
was a falsehood.
Sad to relate,- many parents make It
very hard for their, children to be truth
ful. How often they, promise,, but do
not fulfill, their promises. The worst of
it is, many; times they have no, idea of
fulfilling their; promises. Sometimes a
parent .will, in the presence of children,
welcome most cordially; some.unexpect
ed and undeslred caller. It has been re
ported that, after the doors are closed,
please the parent. Is there a parent
who does not remember such . In
stances? Is not such desire praisewor
thy? Such a child does not reason^
deeply. He does not analyze.. lie can
not. . : . a
Sometimes the parent will playfully
say to a child, "I am a big bear and I
am going to eat 'you,", and many such
expressions. This* ,1s all right. It "la
not wrong. The child knows that he is
just playing. Yet 'the images in the
child's mind will be so rear that the
child will run in great fear.. It Is, In
deed, very hard . for .any child with a
vivid imagination vto readjly distin
guish between Images. Need we won
der that they draw on their Imagina
tions when talking to others?
.. Even Parent* : Make Mistakes.
When we consider that the mental
faculties of children are all very imma
ture, that . their .minds ' ar<™ .occupied
with such a multitude of various kinds
of sensations qs to form a bewildering
maze, need, we wonder that children
are ant to handle the truth rather
carelessly? Are there not the best of
reasons to justify our being amazed
that so frequently they are able to
distinguish go well between the Images
of the true and those of the false,
•when we ourselves can scarcely under
stand how.'we are able to do so?
Other Reasons • Untruthf ulness.
As children groi,v older the power to
distinguish between images of the
present and 'the past should become
stronger. " It is therefore necessary to
look for other explanations of aeem'-j
untruthf ulness. Do not\parents and
others tell children fairy stories for
the sake of pleasing them? .They do
not expect children to believe them, so
that in one sense they are not untruth
ful.. Now. suppose a child . is asked
whether he was kind' to his little sis
ter. He may answer that he was, -not
so much because of fear ;.-. of conse
quences as because he dislikes to dis-
Don't imagine that children rtaturally
tell the truth. They must be trained
to do so, as they would be trained in
any other desirable habit. Parents
should not expect them to be trained
all manner of unkind things are said
In the hearing of the children.' How
often is this the case? What a terrible
example for children! One little gfrl, on
being told to go to bed as soon as some
callers left, said, "O, please let me stay
up, I want to hear what you say about
them!" Many times children perceive
that parents are deliberately lying
about something. Other times, at least,
it Is ..said parents tell the children to
inform unwelcome • visitors that they
have gone down the street or are not at
home. Sometimes the parent will, de
liberately, and with the knowledge of
the children, conceal things from the
other .parent, and not hesitate to tell
untruths concerning the matter. Some
cases are even worse than the above
mentioned, but these are bad enough.
Under such circumstances Is It any
wonder that children have little Idea
of the importance of tellingf the truth?
N«ed we be surprised, that under such
training, children soon learn to deceive
even more successfully than their par-
Importnnt Conclusions.*";, * ¦
Finally, let the parent be sure that
they not only encourage their children
to tell the truth, bat that they' ihow
them how to do so.
by harsh knocks, which so often result.
The parent should not feel too much
worried if a young child Is continually
telling stories. The fehaedy lies In pro
per training.
If a child shows great fear of the
consequences, the parent should care
fully consider whether the consequen
ces have not been too severe In the
past. Is it not true that very often,
children are driven into "telling . un
truths by the mistakes which the par
ents "have made in punishins false
hoods?
The young child who tflla'an un
truth should not be punished severely,
if at all. What such a child needs is
the right kind of instruction: not.pun
istiment. in anger. He should- have an
explanation of the evils resulting
from a continuance of such practices.
if he 13 not too young. When a child
does tell the truth, under trying cir
cumstances, too much approval cannot
be given. By stories concerning truth
ful children and in various other ways,
no effort should be spared to train
children so that they will get in the
habit of telling the truth.
Upon firet thought, it seems that we
have 1. right to expect the truth from
cveo' person at all times and especially
from children. But is it such an easy
matter to tell the truth? Is there any
good reason why we shonld feel shock
ed v.hers a young child tells a false
hood? What do r.e mean when we say
a chi'd ought to tell the truth? T>o we
not mean that it is the child's duty?
What does a young child know about
duty? Nothing, until" It "has been In
structed. Even then, very little, until
It has reached school age or even later.
Many mothers are ready to
deny, with indignation, the statement
that their children ever told a story.
Hcv.ever, very few men, noted for their
veracity, can be found who will claim
that, as boys, they never told any sto
ries. !t n-.isht be well for parents to
consider this fact, when they were
about, to judge harshly a child who has
not spoken the truth.
A Pl^-iilt 3IattcV.-
?» y EARLY all children seem to be
1 \l suilty of telling more or less
I >l falsehoods. This habit is one of
the most difficult to correct.
Why Children Arc Untruthful.
In early years the distinction be-
Most of us will agree that the incentive
to do right, because It Is a duty to do
so at all times, is such a hish incentive
that even adults frequently hesitate
and many times fall to respond as they
should to this moral obligation.
A Hard Matter to Punish Properly.
How many conscientious parents
have been perplexed to know. how they
should punish a child 'who- persists in
telling falsehoods! Mistakes of man
agement here may so easily drive a
child into becoming a confirmed story
teller, not only while a child, but even
after he has reached manhood. Some
children seem to have no sence of hon
esty whatever. They will tell^fetorleg
without any apparent provocation.
Sometimes they will even tell untruths
when against ' their own Interests, so
that it seems impossible to understand
them. Every person of experience has
known such. All know that many of
these have turned out to be most re
liable men and women. Is it any won
der then that a thoughtful parent ap
proaches this subject prayerfully and
with fear and trembling?
[ TweEnty-Fowtl* TalJfc to Parents .by .William J. Sfoearer. [
HOW TO TRAIN A WAYWARD CHILD TO TELL THE TRUTH
3ieantimc James D'son discovered
that he had lost his watch.
When Janus Dlaon Qf_ the naughty
city discovered that he^had lost his
watch the Orgt step he took in regard
to It was admirable. The first step, to
be Irish, was to stand still and medi
tate en what his metaphysical double
should say to Mrs. Difon of the other
city; in particular if the affair should
reach the newspapers and the omnis
cient reporter should employ his in
alienable right of pertinent scandal.
He escaped with all possible haste from
the witnesses of hla mischance and de
clined to- give his name.
Dison's second step was. to seek out
the front office and obtain a private
interview with the chief; and here for
a moment he made a blunder. He had
the temerity to demand a favor be
fore he had founded its indispensable
baxis in friendship. The chief paused
iq the midst of h|s scrutiny of a pile
of documents; official business was sus
pended everywhere within earshot, and
Mr. Dison listened to the voice of au
thority. The chief was a man of wra^h;
his speech was rude agd his figure of
rhetoric unconventional.
"No. I will not. You will take your
chances "like anybody else. I will keep
nothing quiet. Every dashed up-State
son of a hayrick thinks he can come
down here and play the goat and go
back home an* forgit it. If my town's
tough It's you hoosiers that come down
here and turn yourselves loose an'
make it so. And it's me the newspa
pers roast."
At this point James Dison of the
naughty city was Inspired to remember
that James Dison of the good little, city
owned a block of delegates at the State
capital and was high in the graces of a
plea that it'll cl! be over in a day or
two. Will you gst the push to cough
up?"
"Any thin' doin* afterward?"
"I can't make no deal with you, Rud
erick — you know that well enough. I've
been pretty square with you an' the
push, ain't I? Well, it stands to reason
that I ain't goin' to get a grouch on
if you an' the push do me a favor, don't
it?"
"A'cight. i Forty - eight hours you
said, didn't you? If it's only twenty
four you won't object, I suppose?"
. "It'll make my rep all the better If
it's only twelve's
"A'right. So Ions."
"So long, Ruderiek."
•• * •
McKlowd was almost a3 popular at
the front office as he was in his push.
From tlv» strict moralist's point of view
his record there was bnd; but there
wt-re some things to h's credit, which
tho moralist docs not understand. The
chief himself had more than once de
clared that if "Ruderick had only had
an 'eddication* he would have ranked
among the salubrious men of history."
It was tlie opinion of Ruderick's Inti
mates that he had made a mark en
viably high without taking the doctor's
degree; but, of course, they judged
him by a standard of their own. The
chief's liking for Ruderick was appre
ciated and respected, in the days when
the chief had been struggling for honor
and promotion in "the street" it fell to
his lot to arrest certain "gentlemen of
fortune" who protested with knife and
fist. The chief might never have come
out of the scrimmage alive if Ruderick
hadn't "happened around" about that
time. The chief, to his credit be It
said, never forgot this coincidence.
"How much time we got, Ruderick?"
asked Billy the Bruiser.
"Twenty-four hours."
"He jus' wants the thimble an 1 the
roll. ain f t that it?"
"No: he wants the gun, too. His Nibs
is hostile, you see, an* this yap from
the country's got the pull, an* it's up to
the chief to make a plunge."
"Will he let the bloke go?"
"Didn't say nothin' 'bout that. P'r
'aps he will after he's let the yap rub
ber at him. I don't give a damn
whether he does or not. It was a
bunglin' job an' the bloke deserves a
"It's up to you, McKlowd."
"I'm dead about it, Um, chief. Just
got out nbed a little while before Curry
found me."
"How about you,. Bllly?" v
"Dead, too. Keeps me busy keepin'
track o' touches t*his side of £he river."
"Well, .u touch came off, an' I want
the. thing cleared' up. I'll give it to
you. fellows' stralght-?the touch never
should ,'a' come off, an' it's up*to me
to get the gun on' the things. I've got
you up here to reed the riot act to you,
an' you'd better read it to the rest o'
the gang. I've been easy on some o'
you blokes 'cause I know that you've
gat families here ah' want to stay with
'em, but I'll tell/ you on the level that
if you don't coiish/ua that gun I'll put
a dead line arp*wi-*this whole town.
Now, you can' tftke your choice. That's
all I've got to to .you; but I want
you. McKlowd, to wait a little."
The consultation with McKlowd was
short but significant. .
"Ruderick, I might as well give; you
the truth as a steer. The sucker that
was tc-'.jched is a friend o' his Nibs —
you know who I mean — an' his. Nibs is
hostile It's the second time that he's
hed a grouch on ar' I've got to put up
a good front. If -the thing don't go 1
right I'll be in a hell of a hole, an' I
want to know if yuu'll puj} it through.
I can't get that gun Inside of a month
If you blokes don't help me, an' I've
kept the sucker here In town on the
There Is a wireless telegraph system
In the- Under World which is quite as
effective, as. Marconi's, and it was soon,
nplsed about among "the guns that th>re
was to be a round-up at the Front Of
fice. The interview took place in the
chief's private office.
' "Curly," he asked in - confidential
tones, addressing the man from 'Frtecu.
''what i'.o you -.know 'bout 'the touch
that was -pulled off over in Jersey this
morning on the trolley? Somebody got
a thimble (watch) and a '.roll o' dough."
"First I've heard of it, chief., I don't
know nothln'." .
personified. -.He imr.ifd tt dozen powers
and potentates • by -therr nomes de
guerre and indicated their customary
places of resort. His instructions were
figurative: "Rake this town with a
fine-tooth comb; I want 'em here by 1
o'clock. If they, don't understand kind-.
r<es3, pinch 'em."
"Have already .moved in that matter
of yours. Mr. Dison: an accident that
- might happen to any gentleman."
"Even to an up-State son of a hay
rick!" said the facetious Dison.
"1 will have your property delivered
to you at 9 - in the morning at yuur
hotel," said the chief; "and meantlm=
if there are any little corners of the city
that you would like to look into I shall
bv glad to place a competent guide at
your disposal."
"1 might llnd some things that would
be of service to me in directing our
home interests; lam actively employe-i
in local affairs," said Mr. Dfson.
"Happy to be able to do anything for
you I can." said- the chief, offering the
glad. hand. ?
"A pleasure to have made your ac
quaintance," said Mr. Dison, accepting
the glad hand.
This also was diplomacy; the rest was
business. The chief's face when he met
hla lieutenants was a hurry-up order i
ilreat Personage. He recited his titles
to respect and mentioned the Great
Personage. \ -
"I don't care who 'you are or who you
know," thundered the Olympian in a
passion of rectitude that raade'him su
perior to grammar;. -"I don't ;o<ve you
money nor anybody else; you can go
tell him so. I'm not put here to 'do fa
vors; I'm put l _here to execute '.the law,
and you bet your life I'll do it!". ['-
This was diplomacy" There are forms
of tpeeph in the Great Republic which
it needs a long initiation to interpret;
and James Dison was initiated. The
thief had the moot exalted friendship
for the <»reat Personage Mr.^Plson had
named. It was the : custom of that'
Great Persouage- from* time to time,
when he suffered with the spleen,- to
speak his mind to the chief with an un
reserve Which made the chief's eyes
water— with affection '.'.When Mr. Dlson
had withdrawn from the Front Ofllce,
the chief made the telephone wires
hum with hurry-up calls to trusted
lieutenants with names suggesting that
gifted race whore people can govern
everybody except themselves. When
Mr. Dlson returned with his credent
tlals his reception reminded him that
Mr. Dlson of the other place was not
the only man in the naughty city who
Is blessed with a Jnetaphysical double.
"Go to hell!" grinned Burke.
"Find a telephc-ne," said one of the
crowd, while another called on a man
on a bicycle to "catch that car." and
explained that there was a thief on it.
When they explained also the nature
of the thief and of his company the
bicyclist guessed he was tired and that
they might catch the car themselves.
"If any of you gentlemen wants the
loan of my wheel he can have it." he
said generously; "but for me — tn-day's
Friday. It's always' bad luck for me
to catch stolen trolleys on Friday."
None of the gentlemen wanted the loan
of his wheel.
Burke left the trolley soon. In front
of the one house visible stood a hc-ree
and buggy, which he halted the car to
borrow, saying that he needed*them in
his business. A minute afterward lie
had disappeared.
their sex upon the situation inarticu
lately, each at the top of her voice;
the twenty men with one impulse
lurched toward Burke. IJurke pro
duced a remarkably handsome razor,
to which he called Dlpon's attention
and the attention of every one in the
car. Everybody, Dison in particular,
evinced a sudden interest in reaching
the street; they fell over themselves
in their eagerness; the women forgot
even to scream, and one of them for
got the way to the door and used the
window. The last to desert his place
was the meto'rman, whom Burke's ap
proach seemed to nmict with acute in
sanity. As a preliminary to jumping
off he turned on the full current^md
when the car was bounded forward
at full speed he leaped. He did not
wait to hold by the handles and steady
himself before his feet touched the
ground; he just naturally got off and
did gymnastics. When he was picked
up afterward he explained thai he had
been in a hurry.
"Stop thief!" yelled the chorus in
the road. •
THERE were two James Disons—
one of eminent respectability in a
small city of the Empire State.
and the other "one of the boys"
Jn the naughty city of New York. These
two gentlemen possessed a metaphysi
cal identity with each other and al
ternate existence. When James Dison
of the little city went to the metropolis
to purchase goods, James Dison of the
naughty city received his letters and
answered them; fn particulsr, letters
from Mrs. Dison of the little city, in
reply to which tee insisted, very, prop
erly, on his eagerness to return to the
delights of her society, and added cer
tain instructions demonstrating that
even during his absence hi* thoughts
were of the moral welfare of that com
munity. In return for these courtesies
in the metropolis, when James Dlson
of th-? email city revisited his accus
tomed office it was his practice to sign
and forward to the nauq-fcty city cer
tain checks in payment of bills which
his metaphysical double had con
tracted.
One evening James Dison of the
naughty city found himself possessed
of a roll of "greenbacks" and of a
har.dsoir.e watch, which bore a striking
icscn:bl£nco to a sift officially and ora
torically presented in «iTebruary, 18 — .
by the Chamber of Commerce and the
Banker?' Association of the other city
10 their "emintnt and universally hon
ored and esteemed • fellow citizen,
James Dison." The roll of greenbacks
•Jani*'!« Dison of the naughty city di
ir.inifhod frcm time to time in the
course of the evening with the manner
and 3?siure of never-mind-the
<hanire. The watch he consulted to
ur: j«l 6 o'clock in the morning with an
tnteUcctsaJ Intensity and decided ttiat
hf had msde s. night of it and would
UUke a TurkiFh bath. When he had
'•mt-rsed frcm the bath and had break
fast, he remembered that ho had an
appointment in Newark at the hour of
10 and that the ideal way to go to that
place is to take the trolley, which he
did.
Burke Ryan was a gentleman who
took his fun where he found it and
to whom the universe owed a living.
In the intervals of his pleasures he
collected what the universe owed him,
and if he discovered it for the most
part in the pockets of other people,
fo much the worse — for the other peo
ple. A man has a right to his own.
At the time when James Dison was
making a night of it. Burke Ryan saw
his v.atch chain and surmised his
watch and took stock of his roll of
bills and his manner and gesture of
never-mind-the-change.
When Dison entered the bathhouse
Burke also entered it. He had not
•wanted a Turkish bath, but he took
one. 'What he really wanted was to
"touch" the little sum which was com
ing to him and to go to bed. When
Dison lingered at breakfast Burke also
lingered at breakfast, though with a
growing impatience at the prolix eti
quette of modern time*.
When Dison entered the trolley car
Burke also entered It and took a place
beside him, although he had no busi
ness whatever in the city to which
that gentleman was going. When
Dlson 5l?pt his vratch transferred it
self to Burke's waistcoat; when Dison
woke he discovered in his trousers
pocket the two longest and deftest
fingers of Burke's right hand. Burke
was at once so obliging as to withdraw
the fingers and with them the remnant
of Discn's roll of bills.
Dison seized Burke by the shoulder
and p;»ok*» his mind with vigor and
idiom. There were two women and
twenty men in the car. The two
women expressed the judgment of
(Copyright, 1203. by McClure, Phillips
&Co.)
"Couldn't help it. Burke, old man."
said Roderick soothingly. "Three to
one ain't fair, but It's business. The
chief needs you, an' we need the chief
see?"
It was a chase which -is talked
about still when chases come up for
discussion. It began below Twenty
third street and ended in a vacant lot
near the Eighth-avenue Railroad
terminal, and 13 probably the only pur
suit of a criminal in whose arrest
criminals alone were, interested. Trol
ley cars, cabs and the "elevated" were
all used by both the pursued and the
pursuers, and a fierce struggle ended
the fight. As a last resort Burke took
his stand !n a fence corner of a vacant
lot, drew his razor, and dared Roderick
and his two companions to touch him.
"It's a case o' knock-out," said. Roder
ick and poor Burke was made the tar
get for stones swiftly thrown and care
fully aimed. He stood it as long as he
could, his face and hands being cut and
bruised and smeared all over. -with
blood, and then cried out: "I cave — I
cave!" * ...
"Well, they can go plump to hell.
I ain't no sucker to help out that
chief — let him help hisself out. I'm
goin' to mooch right" — his speech
was cut short by the entrance into the
saloon of Ruderick and two- "pals."
"That's what they are, an" you'll
be settled, too. His 'Nibs is on his ear,
they say, an' the chief's got to square
things."
"Do you mean to say that they're
goin* to turn me over to the chief?"
"They're after you, you duffer." said
Jimmy, "an" they'll have you if you
don't mooch. Yuu've been chewin' the
rag all over town, an' somebody's told
"em by this time."
"Do they jus' want the dough an* the
watch," asked Burke,, "or are they
after me, too?"
There were no silly trips to Jersey
to Inspect "the scene of the crime."
no long Interviews with reporters about
suggested clews, ar.d no "keeping the
wires hot." "Guns" of all ages and
conditions strolled quietly up and down
Manhattan, "rubbering." passing the
time of day and putting people "next."
One would enter a "Joint," Rive a
cough and pa3S en to a rear room
where he was Joined by those whom
his cough had attracted. "Find out
who got that thimble an" the roll on
tha trolley over in Jersey — the chief is
hostile an* wants to know — Roderick
McKlowd is un the ca?e." and another
half dozen recruits were enli3ted for the
honor of the chief.
Gossip about "touches" is as essen
tial to the Under World as is gossip
about marriages and births to the Up
per World. Burke Ryan could no more
forego the pleasure of telling his pals
about the "touch" on the trolley In Jer
sey than he could resist the temptation
to "pull it off." He had "hocked" the
watch and invested the greater part of
the roll in a quiet little game of poker
by the time Ruderick McKlowd and the
push tvr»re on his trail, and he had also
published widely the details of the
theft, only Rutlerick and his compan
ions had not yet reached the "joints"
where the story had been told. At the
very moment thai Ruderick and Billy
the BruUfer were agreeing on the cam
paign to find him. Burke was in a sa
loon not more than ten blocks distant
telling some cronies how he had to
"clear the deck" on the trolley with his
razor to make good his "mooch," and
giving them amusing accounts of how
the "Molls dove out o' the windows" in
their haste to give him room.
Burke had his friends in the push as
well as did Ruderick, and there was
one, Jimmy Ryerson by name, who fell
,that 1t was "up to him" to let Burke
know, that Ruderick and his push were
in pursuit.
The -two men separated and began
"putting . the blokes next." Ruderick
dropped into saloon after saloon, talk
ing quietly with men sitting at tables
or standing at the bar, and pretty soon
these men were to be seen coming out
on .the street and taking different di
rections. Us talked to .them in a
language unique for It3 abbreviation?!
and directness. There were no Ions
explanations. The simple statement.
backed up by Ruderlck's presence, that
"The Front Office, wanted to know
who made that touch In Jersey, and
wanted the »wag and gun." sufficed to
set goins un uneqUalcd detective
agency.
"Up in my rooms."
stretcher. Besides, see all the trouble
he's givin* us. He'll queer the whole
of us if we don't get him."
"That's right.'* commented Billy.
"No one bloke's got any business
queerin* the push; if he, has got to
take a stretcher then he has, an* that's
all there la about it. Well, I tell you.
Rudertck. I'll screw my nut" down
town an' rubber around, lettin* the
blokes know what's doln'. You'll put
the people up here next, will you?
A'rlght Where'll we report?"
THE SAN FRANCISCO -SUNDAY CALIl
7
IN THE MATTER OF HIS NIBSanything I-'ups with his heels.' as the
chap on the 'Nancy Bell* would,'a' said,
^'a'.given ye fits if ye'd 'a'heard the way
he ¦ was'a rlppln* up inside. 'I kinder
bucket • above it,- an* » down^ I* plumps
it— jest jammed it down, tight to his
shoulders. : -_ . . .,; . . ' - ¦-•
"Well;; fellers, ye'd 'a' larfed- toj see
the jump he made, like a chicken with
its head • cut off, a-floppln* his - arms
like they', waa wings. ' Yessir, Jest" like
a bloominV chicken." ;.. ... , . r ¦
The simile ¦ struck Steve's' sense ; of
humor so strongly, that it was some
moments/ before he could continue.
Even some o* his audience 'laughed
with' him. ' •'.
fBut -i that 1 was \ only for a minute,"
he ; continued. ".'Fore he could -do
an'.:aft- 1 "runs ; to '.-the "logr", line' an';
watches." 'Will ye • me-4)ut * It's
true^-all of -a sudden; I sees that white
canvas draw bucket; pop- up with, his
two arms ; a-wavln' •• on • each side of It.
An' , there was them' bow legs ; o' his a
waggin' behind, ¦ like crab's nippers.' Oh,
say, fellers—" ¦•-'.¦ \. -..".- Bg^p^^^^S^^
Again Steve' went ¦ off into peals of
merriment. 'Finally he was. able to
resume". ' .
-i"Well, boys,. I Jest leaned 7 over ;. the
rail an', larf ed fit to. burst myself. . The
¦ way : he - was" ftryln* Ho -holler through
that .draw -bucket : an* , couldn't' would
thought the stronger that idea got.
Thinks I to myself, 'Here's a man wot
make's the world all the .worse for be
in' in it; why not give him a boost into
a better world?' AnV I thinks i o' the
easy, limes wot would come to the poor
,chap^. for'd wot he had lambasted:- o'
every one. An'- I thinks o' ¦ when he
smashed me, =.too. But most of all I
wanted to see a bow-legged man swim.
"Say, you ? fellers don't know: what a
good l&rt is till ye see a bow-legged
man swim. I've seen it once."
Here Steve ; broke off his narrative
to;chuckle over funny memories.
yer think I did? Ye'd never .guessv
The canvas J-draw bucket, was a-lyin'.
on the skylight, an' it looked so 'much
like' a cork helmet I couldn't. help won
derin' how it would nt "Black Jack's
pear-shaped head. So* I, sneaked ; over
to the skylight anV cutoff the rope.
Then I tried it : on- my- head, Van' it
was jest a trifletoo big. But, thinks I,
it'll jest:; fit .Black Jack, - a . tight fit.
'too, so's. he:cbuldn't;getit.off. -/"'
"Back to : the weather rail I tiptoes,
until I i stands ; Jest in;' back o'; Black
Jackl His head, was. jest r in > a; daisy
position,;SO I carefully raises the] draw
an' .over, he went, with the draw bucKet
stuck fast an' a-smotherinVhis squeals."
; ; .The; humorVof thV situation— ghastly
humor," perhaps— so /struck ¦ all hands,
due more, to" Steve's manner , than: to
his .words, that "all burst -cat into a
long; guffaw. The idea of Black Jack
diving to his death' with a draw bucket
over ."this "head, -seemed ridiculously
funny.: -J ./"^'-V.- ¦/' '
'"Well,- ,' fellers," said Steve, after : .he
had*wlped the tears from his own eyes,
"the ship was goin',a bare three knots,
an*, the moon • was ; out. I I^could see ;the
white , foam spot', where he went down.
"Well,", he resumed, "aX larst " I
couldn't: stand it "no^ longer. There
was Black Jack a-leariin' qyer the rail,
an* there was. me, dyin' to see him
swim. So I steadies the helm pretty
good, an* then kicks off, iny slippers,
easy, like, so's he -couldn't hear. An*
then « I leaves^ the.;.wheel, softly. - an*
creeps -lip" to ,the weather rail," an' so
help me, there , was '-Black ;. , Jack
a-snoozln'! Yesslr,*, ' sleepin' jdn his
watch. ¦ Him," ' as '¦ would ' • lam *a poor
feller from . t or'd * near ' dead for doin'
that ! same thing?. k ,Wot yer : think - o*
that?
"He was leanin* over pretty far,
holdin' onto a awning stanchion. .Wot
i-."Say,.if«llers, wot., ye suppose old.
Nick said- when ¦ he saw Black Jack
comin* up :to the gates of hell with
that draw- bucket „ over his head?
Blessed if; I wouldn't *a' been wlllin* to
stand the : high temperatoore for a few
minutes jest to see .what happened."
.The; Idea, seemed so humorous to
Happy Steve that the story ended In
a long, hearty laugh, Interpolated by
humorous comments' on an imaginary
conversation ¦ Vbetween his Satanic
: Majesty : and Black /Jack, with the
draw; bucket presenting difficulties in
the way of mutual recognition. \
recKon the cuss words ha was lettin'
our -weighed' the bucket down; an'
them, with the iron band, sent him
nose " down. Larst • I . see was his two
bow . legs -..a-klckin 1 up in the air, an'
then I went -back to the .wheel.
;¦': "When 1 the chap came back to relieve
me I'didn't say nothln", but pretty soon
the third mate misses Black Jack, an*
as he couldn't find him, he goes an' calls
the skipper. The ol* man comes on deck.
We squares in our yards an* sails
back over our. course, burnin' blue
lights -an'-'Ehoutin' like. 'ell; an* I was
shoutin' louder 'an any of 'em, but you
b'et.*tt»ey 'didn't see" no signs of Black
Jack*vith' his h.ead in a draw, bucket.
(Copyright, 1903, by Albert flonalck
¦tn).
When we arrived la Australia Happy
Steve' 1 cleared out for the' Swan River
gold diggings. Later, we heard that
he met his finish there, but he died as
he lived— in a humorou3 way. The ac
count we had stated that he cracked
¦some joke up there that wasnlt ap
preciated by the English miners, and
that it precipitated a shooting scrape.
When yie smoke cleared away three
of Stevc'3 opponents were stretched
out. bat he himself had cracked hia
last joke. When told that his Ameri
can humor had not been understood,
hd chuckled immoderately and then
died. • Thi3 account may not be ex
actly true, but It was characteristic of
him.
Some years later I met a man who
had been on the "Southern Cross" on
that same eventful trip, and when I
asked him who was bos'n's mate at
the time, he replied:
.'•Why, a humorous sort o* chap—*
feller caned Steve White."
Happy £teve\ofUn again referred to
the murder he had committed, and each
time he sprinkled his story with hearty
laughter. .
1
time, an' whenever I'd think of it, nig-ht
or day, I'd larf. I was Just a-hankerin*.
to see Black Jack swim with them bow
legs o' his a-waggin' behind. •
"One night in the middle match the
chap at the wheel wanted to be relieved
a few minutes, so I went and took the
wh£el while he went f or* d. Black. Jack
was Dacin" the poop slowly, it bein' a
sultry night. Pretty soon he goes up
to the weather rail and leans ' agin it,
kind o' sleepy.
"Well, fellers, those legs o* his never
looked so* bowed as they did then. I
could already fancy him kicking them
out as he was swimmin". The more I
Usually an optimist is not -a favdfite
in a ship's forecastle, but Steve could
give everything such a humorous turn
that his shipmates would laugh in
spite of themselves. During the sec
ond dog watch he kept the men In a
continuous roar of laughter with his
tales of past '-ploits. Happy Steve
told many stories, but there was one
that beat them all.
We had passed tne doldrums and
were well down into the southeast
trades, where the steady breeze made
It seldom necessary. to pull a rope or
to touch a sail. In that respect it was
almost like steamboating. Oar dog
I will hide Dick Hardy's identity un
der his real name; ".nobody but a few
ship owners icnow Mm by that. He h^s
an aged mother living somewhere upin
Maine and for her sake it is better* to
let his past rest- Let it suffice to say
that under an alias something, but riot
quite, like Black Jack, he was known
the world over as one of the blackest
scoundrels that ever^trod a deck- You
could hear tales of his heroic brutali
ties from 'Frisco to*. Caicutta. In his
day boarding: masters had .to drug sail?
ors before they could' ship them on the
Southern Cross — she was a hard packet:
To-day, I believe, she is reckoned one
of the most comfortable in the'Amer
ican merchant marirfe. .\£ lj
It was aboard the ship that I made
my first trip to sea .that leftist Jieard
of Hardy and while I. have listened; to
innumerable tales ofi'him'«slnc < e^ and
have related some of his exploits my
self, that Introductory knowjed£e of
him will always remain with me;as a
distinct impression- "For I^'as^p'fSge'tt
when the first authentic account, of his
death was given out by .the one man
who knew. t
This was aboard the old Nicaraguan
bark Don Adolfo. She had aboard
a crew of hardy, reckless "West, Coast
adventurers, most of whom -were' on
the West Coast because it was not
particularly healthy for them to b<
anywhere else. Not!! that they were
really a bad lot, but. as -I have alreadj
said, they were of that class who hac
acquired an attitude toward humar
life not compatible with* the laws ol
more civilized parts.
One of the men was a chap called
Happy Steve. It was his optimistic
temperament that had given him hi*
name.
Cockneys aboard as didn't know the
spanker boom from a marlinspike.
Naturally, Black Jack piled into 'em
before we got clear of Ushant Light,
an' the scuppers was red with blood
eight an' day.
"Well, about five days out, we struck
a bit of nasty weather, an' one night
all hands was up aloft reefin* the fore
upper topsail. Black Jack was up
there in the bunt lookin' arter the job.
It so happened as I was next to him.
but he. didn't know it was me." • Weli,
something happened to rile him, and'
first thing I, knew he -landed on ray .;
, jaw an* nearly sent me. down on deck.
\ Fancy him takin* me for a blasted
lijnejuicer." 1 '.
„ -^MS' e for a moment to .
. thoroughly enjoy Black Jack's mis
~tatter—~ — ....... ......
v'Well/f he continued, when his
; la.v£hter» had subsided, "when we got
v.dowrtfl 'told him as. how he had hit
'.iraefrbY'* mistake. But, blast me, ha
didn't see the joke.
!"T*r : "rS" k 'Good f or ye^. gez ne^..
; "Well, naturally, that kind o* riled
i me, bein' taken , for a .bloominV green
• horn; *ah r ii«*tt»rd> Black Jack right then
i as how. I'd, fix him in Frisco. Upon
[ -which he fetches me ah uppercut'that '
• sends me - down to leeward into the
t scuppers.
. ."Well, things went along that way,
. until we got down into the trades, an'
5 one night a funny Idea struck me as I
r|W»s,- a-pacln'<lthe*<3eck;* Ye remember,
I Black' Jack was bow-legged, an' I was
, larfin* to myself, wonderln* how he'd
; look swlmmin* with-them bow legs.
Ever see a bow-legged man swim?
I Funniest thing yet. . But Black Jack
» was the bow-leggedest man ye ever
} BOO. •
"That Idea stuck to me . for a Ions:
?* w EN who do not value the, lives
(\/\ of others often value Vtheir
I y I own highly enough. But;this
J[ rule seldom works the .other
way. The wrecidess daredevil vaga
bond who butts cibut the world Into all
sorts of dangers 'and acquires a sort of
contempt for the various forms of
death he often :faces begins after a
while to believe" 'that every one -else
shares his attitude of mind toward
¦what he considers, at the worst only a
slight hastening .of the inevitable. %i
Such a man is* the average sailor.
He has no family,fand his more distant
kindred are only*vague personalities of
whom he has only: a vague knowledge.
It is family ties that cause men to^fear
death. : -'v£%- ;.;
If half his shipmates are washed
overboard in a storm. Jack is depressed
for the time being, but a month later,
when he reaches port, he is quite apt
to give his account of the incident in
"a humorous vein. ;'.
•'Ye'd 'a* larfeS," he says, in j the
course of his tale, "if ye'd 'a' seen, the
way Tim Hogan was a-hangin* on to
the end of the topsail brace, like a
blessed herrin' hooked on the end* of
a line. Then, when ho couldn't hoM,on
no longer, he just* gives a tremendous
wriggle, like he'd'fwallowed the'&ait
and It was tastin'/pretty ah£o!t
he swims like heVas lookin' for more,
an' that was the 'lam * e 5ees of 1 "
As a matter of > fact. Jack did; not
laugh at the timeof the accident. -His
comparison of a drowning man cling
ing to the end of a rope to a hooked
fish never entered his head unta Jie
tpun his yarn. Time has given ?ifm
that attitude toward a form of deajh
so common that it may be his any
day. When his turn comes, he ;vill
not laugh, but it his ghost survives
him It will probably give an accoUnt
to the other ghosts of its entrance ICto
the rpirit world in an equally humor
ous vein. V-
If you were to consult the log ofjthe
American bark Southern Cross, about
eight years back/; you would come
across an entry like this: ?-'-~i\.
"Chief Mate Hardy disappeared In
the middle watch, f Supposed to have
fallen overboard while examining the
log." ~'i, ¦'•¦ '•,
Such an entry is common in ships
logs, and it mightVnot excite much"ln
terest in the average shore-abiding rfj-
Izen. but in the maritime world there
are some to whom this would recall
memories of a strange personality-
Happy Steve. ¦.
How Happy Steys was connected
with the drowning of the mate of_the
Southern Cross will develop later. First
of all, let me Eay a few words of the
mate. • ."•*£.
¦watches were never disturbed, and
every man's artistic ability as a story
teller was in full demand. /?'
One evening the conversation turned
to hard-case Yankee packets, .of ships
where men take and give blows with
deadly intent. Each man told of the
bucko mates he had 'known, and as
almost every one had known Dick ;
Hardy, or Black Jack, he and his mys
terious fate became the principal sub
ject of discussion. *
"He was a bad un," commented
Kanaka Joe, darkly; "blessed if he-4**
waren't. I've known hard-case mates, .
but most of 'em. was on the square in
a fight. Black Jack waren't; he was
a mucker; he'd hit a man when he
was down."
"You bet," agreed another man;
"drownin* was too good for him. He
should 'a' been ham-strung first, then
hung by his arms in the main chains,
an* then blled in a pot o' tar."
Here each man gave his idea of a
flitting end for Black Jack*, and some
were quite ingenious. That is, all
did so except Happy Steve — he only
laughed immoderately as each man
presented his method.
"Come, Steve," said Kanaka Joe,
"how would you have him cooked?"
Steve laughed uproariously, while his
mates grinned in anticipation of a par
ticularly funny account of an imagin
ary death for Black Jack. But Steve's
laughter increased; his face was red
with suppressed merriment.
"Come, Steve," said a Cockney sailor,
encouragingly, . "let's 'ave the joke;
don't be a-keepin' it all to yourself."
"Why, ye blessed galoots," chortled
Steve at last, "I could tell ye a story .
of Black Jack as would make yer eyes
water. Here you chaps is a-talkin"
of Black Jack, with me here as could
tell ye more about him than any man
livin'." And Steve shook with keen
appreciation of the humoc of it.
"Well, ye blarsted ass, why don't ye
tell us?" suggested the Cockney.
"Well," panted Steve, between
spasms, "seein" as how I am with a
crowd as can appreciate the funny side
of 'a good story, I am going to blige
yez.
"Ye see, fellers, I was bos'n's mate of
the Southern Cross the trip Black Jack
- croaked."
"Well, I'll be hanged!" ejaculated
several of the men together. Steve
chuckled at the astonishment In their
faces. . —.1'z ::'
"You bet." he continued, "an" I am
the boy as can tell ye a few things
about that trip.
"We left Liverpool for Frisco with
general cargo an' a crowd o' green
THE .'\ SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALIl
8
THE MURDERER WHO LAUGHEDno_textI*y Ar^usta Pi-cscott
Lovely Spring Gpwns
111 All Materials From
Chiffon Velvet to Silk
Mull, and Styles Both
Quaint and Severe for
Women of Either Tall or
Short Proclivities—3Iar
irelously Beantifcil New
Luces and Novel Ways to
Utilize Them for the
Adornment of the Sea
son's Gowns.
With the bertha there, must be a
very youthful belt line or | the effect is
lost. The prettiest and most youthful
belts are those that are made of velvet
crushed, soft to the hand, and laid
around the waist in many folds : and
fastened in the back. At the' back
there can be: long floating ends of the
same material, or the v girdle may be
finished with a buckle and without. the
sash effect. -. ¦ . \. •
Sashes will be a great deal, worn," but
mostly with washable gowns, or with
gowns that are popularly supposed to
.be washable; for, from a study of the
wash dresses, one is bound to declare
that many of them will never see the
tub.
The best sashes, that is,, the sashes
that are mo3t approved by Dame Fash
ion, are exquisitely made. ' and g many
of them require an amount of delicate
handiwork that might better, be , ex
pended upon the gown." Yet the sash
is, after all, a very graceful feature of
fine dressing. .
A handsome summer sash for wear
with a violet silk mull is made of silk
mull,, which '-is' lined -with violet taffeta
around the belt. line. This is put
around the waist in deep girdle fash
ion. The back fastens under a silver
buckle. Two long, ! wide ends are ; inset
with point de Venlse lace, while wheel
shaped figures are worked around the'
lace in colored silks.' . : ;
;r- The Fancy for Armenian Colors. : (
All thY fashionable world has turned
Armenian as far * as \ color , effects go.
The gay colors of the foreign embrbid-:
cries are very catchy to the eye, and,
used In moderation, they, set off a gown
most ' charmingly. Cuffs, reveres and
stock are made of cream 'colored can
.vases worked in the brilliant Rouman:
ian, Armenian - and; Turkish • embroid
eries and are used in trimming gowns
of crepe de chine, of . taffeta, of peau
de cygne and of still thinner and finer
fabrics. , . ,. ' - »;'¦"; •
One, of the v fashionable colors \, of
spring will be geranium red. ' Not only
will hats be trimmed with, the": brilliant
geranium flowers, but whole gowns will
fT\HIS tramp, tramp of the children
I along our streets, wending their
I : way to Bchool after enjoying the
JL rest and the delights of vacation,
makes pleasant music' in our ears. We
love to look upon their ruddy/ happy
faces. We recall that gentleman of the
old school who never failed to ljft his
hat to a passing schoolboy because of
what the'lad might become in the
course of -the years.
Never in the history of the world
were educational opportunities so
greatly prized or more generally util
ized. Parents .will scrimp on food and
clothing in \ order 'that .their children
may have a < good" schooling."Communi
ties pour- out their funds liberally for
buildings and equipment. It Is the one
great r successful,'.'.* socialistic venture
from .which the -American people . will
never }.retreat. .In other lands,, too, es
pecially" among the; depressed and.
backward nations of the earth, the
thirst for education. is hardly less in
tense. That is why Porto Rico and
the Philippines are appealing so loudly
for tie Yankee schoolmarm. That is
why bur missionaries in Japan and
'China are forced to reaj* school build
ings i-iose by the churches which they
"estabVsh. ¦ • .,. ' '
-Mev^over, the range of education Is
const^itly being extended r and the
quality of , the ; Instruction Improved.
:.The j/'Un , of . 50 who < goes into a well
equIjSr^d modern: Bch'oolhouse . to-day is
amas rt< l at what he - sees and hears.
triot out of your boy. And remember
that the school or college is not the
only agency responsible fc»r his de
vc'.opment.. The church and the home
have their function and If there be not
co-operation botiveen them end the
school, if instead, the three work at
cross purposes, the result is likely to
be disastrous to the growing boy or
girl.
Believe also in the highsr education.
not simply the higher education in It*
technical sense, but in that higher edu*
cation which frees and enlarges the
mind and brings into joyous activity
the spiritual .powers. A child is not
educated when he la stuffed with facts.
Neither is he fully educated when h*
is taught to observe and to think with
scientific accuracy. lie must also have
his soul*- opened to the meaning of life,
his ears unstopped that he may hear
the myriad voices through which the
universe speaks and proclaims the
glory and the goodness 6f the invisible
God. - /;• I
.There are wise limitations that pre
vent the public school from doing
everything possible along this line. And
yet I know public. school teachers who,
without stepping across the bounds of
propriety, \ do bring their pupils into
touch with the highest things. Cer
tainly in the choice of a private school
or college one may have this end in
view.* And day by day In himself and
in others closest to him one may cul
tivate this sense of the eternal.
THE PARSON. -£
AH this modern development gives
greater dignity and importance to the
educational movement And it behooves
the average man, whether he has chil
dren or not, to keep in touch with it.
Don't view the school system entirely
from without. Acquaint yourself with
the forces and personalities concerned
in it Get the point of view of teach
ers and of superintendents. Make them
feel your sympathetic Interest, your
appreciation of .the part which they
play in the life of the city, of the tre
mendous influence for good or evil
which they control.
And wo ought not to expect tco much
of the schools. Tl jy can do a' great
deal, but they cannot do everything.
They cannot," in a few short years, pro
duce a $5000 man out of a 50-cent boy.
They have ; great deal of material
to work upon that is at the start crude
and unresponsive. Give them time to
make a gentleman, a scholar and a pa-
Long ago education ceased to b^e a mat
tar of the three It's— "reading, 'riting
and 'rithmetlc." To-day it means not
only the former branches of study, but
the kindergarten, mauual training, th3
cooking and. the eewing schools. Then,
too,' the way In which the truth is im
parted has changed. The teacher does
not drive in a few facts* by sheer force
plus 'the occasional use of the ferule,
but tries to lead -the. awakening mind
into fair and profitable fields of\kno\vl~
edge, and to. keep the pupil interested,'
alert and acquisitive on every side of
his nature.
A POINT OR TWO ON EDUCATION
"Have It very wide on the shoulders,"
said she, "and let it "be cut on a' very
deep sailor collar- fashion. Let pieces
of Bruges lace be applied to the shoul
ders and to the middle of the back.
The front must have stoles finished
with- Bruges ends."
Another shoulderette has armholes, .
but it is a tiny affair, cut off almost •
at the shoulder blades. Of course.
there is the deep shoulder effect, for
nothing is complete without this long
shoulder line. The front is very open.
The whole is made of a blaek novelty
lace, very tough in its texture, with
Irish crochet lace let in.
Perhaps the most novel of shoulder
ettes is a black lace affair, cut in
square fashion acrcjjs the shoulders
almost like a sailor collar, with a lit
tle green stltchery running through
the lace. There are wide stoles of lace
with great green shamrock leaves let
into the lace.
Still another little shoulder*cape is
cut in collar fashion rounding across
the shoulders and doming down to
long points in front. This is built of
very fine cloth and the whole is
strapped w!th Rilk of the same color
and stitched in tailor-made. fashion.
Another little article for spring wear
is an eton of cloth cut very short. The
sleeves are chopped off above the
elbow and bordered with three rowf
of contrasting stitching. The front is
cut in scallops and there is a. second
row of scallops falling over the first
row. \
A novelty which bears n Parisian,
stamp shows a little shoulder cape
built like a bertha. It is high In the
neck, is Cut off at the bust line and is
finished with a ruffle of silk. It but
tons in the back. The front is trimmed
with a silk applique put. on flat.
The Very Pagrfonablc Bertha.
The bertha is undoubtedly one of the
inj>st fashionable of summer features,
and all sorts of tricks are tried to simi
late it upon, gowns that have no ber
tha, and particularly upon the old
short waists, to make them look like ;
new. 1 A bertha freshens up an old
shirt waist wonderfully, and if it can'
b«* arranged upon a blouse of silk it
gives it a certain tone that is unmis
takably fashionable and very becoming
tu th<>. firjure. 1 ' . v " . ' •¦'
A French modiste, with many a little
, trick of dressmaking, is taking very
wide needlework, as line as her patron
can afford, and is gathering it into a
ruffle. This she sews along the yoke of
a wash '.shirt waist, outlining the yoke,,
in pointed fashion.' The effect is lovely!
But, of course, it can only be done
when the waist opens in the back.
.One of the finest of silk blouses is
built of percaline blue louisine. It is
buttoned down the back with Dresden
buttons. The front is tucked a"s to the
yoke. Outlining the yoke is a deep
flounce of Mechlin lace. The sleeves
are finished with a wide cult of chiffon
and Mechlin— a lingerie cuff.
The high-necked bertha effect is seen
not only upon the wash gowns, but o\i
silk blouses as well, and not only. in
the cheaper waists, but in waists of
velvet of velours, of handsome brocade
and of the most expensive lace blouses.
An exquisite blouse for the Duchess of
Manchester was made almost entirely
of point and duchess, lace, with a deep
ruffle of point lace across the front,
put on in such a manner as to give
the bertha effect And another hand
some blouse was made of real Irish
crochet lace, with a pointed bertha in
front
In. This is gt-od for the trade, but how
ls it for the woman who must make her
own gowns or go without?
For the amateur here as Just a tevr
hints:
' Don't try to combine colors unless
you are Bure of your urtistic eye. Copy
be made of this color. Geranium col
ored crepe < de • chine, geranium . colored
mull and' lawn and challie and gera
niunvhued taffeta -will all be conspicu
ous in the summer's scheme of gown
ing.- ."¦';; //¦':*¦¦ •. ». '¦
¦ Golf green will also' be' seen and a
great deal of It. This bright, rich
green, atf conspicuous in its • way us
hunting. "pink." is to be found in all
the best cloths and broadcloths. It
makes up very 'well into street suits
and can be - modified somewhat by
black braiding or by stitched bands of
black taffeta. !
Another green which will be much
observed Is moss green, and this com
bined -with deep tan wjil be extremely
fashionable. A moss green cloth
gown , is trimmed with lace and with
bands of deep tan colored cloth. The
bands f are : applied with black stitch
ing and there was a tiny black figure
appllqued Into the lace.
Women are always at a loss
what to" wear and who fall back upon
black a3. a safe resort, can take their
choice of a perfectly safe list of grays,
prominent among which is castor
gray, which comes in two shades, light
castor and deep castor. Both can be
trimmed with black and with either
tone there la a shade of blue, the pret
ty porcelain blue, which Is very eat-
Isfactory indeed.
Pearl gray, Irish gray and oyster
gray are all to be worn and all can be
found In the popular fabrics of the
season, voile, velours and the long list
of soft veilings and silks.
A Sensible Woman's Gown.
The tunic or overskirt fell over a deep
flounce, -which, in turn, fell over an
other deep flounce, the ; latter of
sweep length. Bdth flounces and the
tunic were bordered with chiffon vel
vet. The waist was cut in Eton fash-
Ion, with scalloped fronts, wnile a
great puffed sleeve was caught in at
'the wrist into a tight little cuff.
A. great many street gowns are not
so sensible* as this, and one looks with
amazement at the delicate fabrics that
are intended for street wear. Many of
them are light In color as well as frail
of texture, and one cannot help won
dering . how, where and why women
will wear them. -
A conspicuous example of the frailty
.of feminine^wearlng apparel is afforded
by a glimpse at a gown of black net
dotted with silk knots. There Is a deep
flounce which is embroidered in black
silk and above the flounce there are
Very large wheels of thread crocheted
and set Into the goods. Above these
• there are wheels of real duchesse cut
' out of the lace and applied.
The waist is quite a dream in black
net and French knots, with the bertha
effect in front and Immensely wide
sleeves ending in the lingerie cuff.
While black net can hardly be rec
ommended for street wear, it must be
admitted that there is an entirely new
quality of net which is capable of
standing a 'great deal. It is tough and
durable and rather fine in mesh. ¦ It is
very satisfactory, indeed, for street
wear, such as calling" "or for short ex
peditions when one goes afoot It looks
dressy and admits of such a pretty va
riety cf trimming.
A black net of close weave, tough
yet very silky In effect, was lined with
. leaf green taffeta. It was trimmed
with a heavy flounce of the net, faced
', with black taffeta, and upon the flounce
, there was a little hand embroidery in
, black silks and in green. Bands of taf
feta were stitched to the skirt In panel
shapes. . , '.*;.
A Senson for Dressmakers.'
« . There is no doubt that thlaMs to be
i a dressmakers' season. It is impossible
: to do one's own sewing, so even the
most competent amateur dressmakers
admit, and the modiste must be called
A gown which would have taken a
medal for sensibility, with a great deal
of beauty thrown In, was in tobacco
brown cheviot, spring weight. The
skirt was laid in plaits across the hips
find back" and each plait was stitched
fiat. The skirt, had tfie" tunic effect.
A button as large as a crabapple Is
made of sun metal and. Inclosing the
gun me"tal, there is a little netting of
silver. These buttons, besides being as
large as a crabapple, are much the
same shape, with a shank to corre
spond- with the stem of the apple.
For the - amateur's busy fingers
there is one safe trimming and this is
the fashionable jet Jets come In all
designs and the jetted bands an Inch
and two Inches wide make the most
becoming trimmings for silk bodices
of any color. Jets are used a great
deal upon black and the Jetted
flounces are as fashionable as they
ever were. Jets are also seen upon
collars and cuffs, and jets are used to
trim yokes and girdles and to deco
rate the lace insets, without which no
handsome gown is complete. J
Should the amateur be very desir
ous of getting into colors, let her
choose mode • or castor or pearl, let
her select the wine colors — claret,
champagne, absinthe green and bur-*
gundy; let her select .violet, purpleX
lilac and sage, and let her not forget
that geranium, rose, coral and toma
to are fashionable. But most import
ant of all is it for her to get a good
model, for without this no amateur
can successfully make a gown for the
coming summer. ,.<r ;
For back triinmlngs there are the
crocheted drops and ends; there are
the fringes; there are the lattices of
ribbon, and, more than all, there are
the buttons, and of these there is no
limit at all.'
The button question is one that
might well keep the amateur awake
through a worrisome night. Buttons
come in all known metallic materials
and In a great many that are not rec
ognized as metals at sight, yet which,
look and wear like metal. . "%
And there is another don.'t. Don't
forget the back of your gown. That
must be well fitted and abundantly
trimmed, for the day of the old plain
back is gone by. The trimming con
sists of double shoulder capes, of
handsomely scalloped collars, of band3
of lace insertion applied across the
shoulders, and it includes the panel,
the lace inset, the worked wheel and
many other things.
there are very heavy veilings that ar«^
lovely. Cheviot comes in very fine
and almost smooth grades, and, if you
have only one or two street gowns, do
not neglect your chance to get a nice
fine serge.
The first cape of spring will be re
markable for . it* size, which will be
v<;ry diminutive, and for Its trimming,
vhich will be very plentiful. The tiniest
Bhoulderettes, very elaborately trimmed,
•will be wprn with these first cloth
dresses of spring.
A fashionable woman left an «rder
for a shoulderette of black taffeta.
The Early Spring Cape.
I , o thoroughly enjoy yourself these
Itlays it is only necessary tu make
a tour of the shops. As the door
opens you are greeted by a sight
of things beautiful and as your
investigation continues you are given
more and more of a treat. The mer
chant may have troubles of his vwn,
but his consolation lies in the pleasure
which h<? is able to afford to 50 many
shoppers.
"My Easter gown is made of deep
red ve'.vet," announced a woman at a
woman's luncheon. "I find that it Is
the most durable material for this time
of year.
"A nice velvet gown of medium
¦wfi&M. not the -heavy velvets nor bro
iidtt. but a plain tone, will wear nice- ,
ly ps !onj as you want it. Such a
gown is dressy for Easter wear. It is
comfortable until the warm days come
~rd for calling and for informal re
ception ticcasii-ns it Is ideal. It goes
veil with any hat and is neither too
plain nor too dressy."
The logic of this woman was unan
swerable, for the velvets are certainly
veiy attractive, especially those de
signed for spring: wear. They are by
no mears the heavy court velvets nor
Hie gi eat and ceremonious brc-caded
velvets, but the lighter weights, which
can be made up In the latest styles
WHS can be draped almost like cloth.
First of all there are chiffon velvets,
which t re exquisite for trimming pur
)>osfci5 and which make the loveliest
i-tocks ar.d wide crush belts. You will
find a little chiffon velvet almost In
dispensable in the summer wardrobe,
v.hiie the pannes and plain velvets are
admirable for inserts and other trim
mings.
• It is to be a great season for mate
rials. One manufacturer declared that
he had turned out a hundred absolutely
new materials, most of them disguised
tirder well known names. There were
a great many.velvets in the list, rang
ing from the very heavy weight to the
light or chiffon velvet, and there were
velveteens* which were as soft and as
line as velvet.
Under the name of crepe de chine
there now come three or four different
materials, seme of them as heavy as
cashmere andjust as durable, while in
CfcEhmere there is a wide assortment,
the heaviest and finest of which looks
»r> much like cloth that__you can scarce
ly distinguish. Batistes, too. . co'rne In
all weights and of many grades, some
«f th? rretliest gowns being built of
silk and linen batiste, while othere, also
called batistes, are very sheer, so -that
you can eee your hand through them.
The woman who Is going to buy only
rne sown will, indeed, be in a perplex
ity which material to chootc. for the;
• eunters are spread with the most al
luring goods. . ¦ "
Easter comes so early this year that
one hardly looks for the" brilliancy ot .
other seasons when the great eprlng
day comes later. The first week_of
April is very little better than the last
wer-k in March from a standpoint cf
comfort, and unless the sun shines very
brightly there will be very little Easter
display.
But new f-jtrlng gowns will be worn,
and these will be characterized by cer
tain new features. A gown of moss
green broadcloth, thin and pliable but
possessed of the peculiar dignity which
el ways goes with broadcloth, is made
with a four-gored skirt trimmed around
the foot with a Grecian pattern. There
is a coat with attached tails, and the
front of the coat has two long stoles
falling down below the waist line.
A feature of the new stoles is their
trimming. Far from being plain, they
are very elaborately planned. One very
handsome coat has an open vest with
rtoles, falling one over the other, like
little scalloped capes.
If you are a decided amateur cling
to the old favorites as being a little
more familiar in their texture and con
sequently easier to handle than the
new onea. Examine the newest grades
of cashmere and do not forget that
a good model. If you cannot obtain
one then" stick to white or to black, to
gray or to bine, or. ir you prefer it.
to golden brown. Don't mix things up. '
Before you make your gown consider
the use to which you are going to put
it. You would not purchase your fur
niture without knowing how and
whjere you are going to use it. Fol
low the same rule with your gown.
If you have a traveling gown in
mind begin by remodeling an old last
year's suit. Few women travel suf
ficiently to need a dress for this pur
pose alone. Why not take an old gown
and_ lengthen it with n. flounce. Fit
double capes to the shoulders and ar
range them so that they can be taken
off. Rln off your old cuffs and fit
gauntlets, or turn-over cuffs, to your
sleeves.
Remember that gowns are to be
worn either very short or very long,
and, for traveling, the long gown Is so
very pretty. Besides, one does not
walk when one i3 on boat or traln.^
and there is little -or no necessity for'
the short gown.
More Hints for Amateurs.
- ¦-.,,- • - ¦ ¦ ¦ . ¦¦
THE 8 SAN ; FRANCISCO r SUNDAY CALIl
10
PARISIAN
NOVELTIES
FOR
EASTERating and disgraceful punishment than
death, i
Even in the management of children,
whipping was never resorted to as pun
ishment for disobedience. In fact,
children were always treated in such a
kind, patient, loving manner that diso
bedience was a fault rarely known.
In the early days of the settlement it
seemed to be the universal custom* of
the Indians along the foothills of the
Sierra Nevada range of mountains to
burn the bodies of their dead. A suit
able pile of readily combustible wood
was prepared. .The body was taken
charge of by persons to perform the
last sacred rites, and firmly bound In
skins and blankets and then placed
upon the funeral pyre with all the per
sonal effects of the deceased, together
with numerous offerings from friends
and relatives. The chief mourners of
the occasion seemed to take but little
active part in the ceremonies. When
all was ready one of the assistants
would light the fire and the terrible,
wailing, mournful cry would com
mence, and the professional chanters,
with peculiar sidling movements and
frantic gestures, would circle round
and round the burning pile. Occasion
ally, on arriving at the norttftvest cor
ner of the pile, they would stop, and,
pointing to the west, would end a cry
ing refrain by exclaiming "Him-I-la
ya." When these became exhausted
others would step in and take their
places and thus keep up the mournful
ceremony until the whole pile was con
sumed.
The wife was then the personal prop
erty, of the husband, which he might
sell or gamble away if he wished, but
such instances were said to be very
rare. In case negotiations for a mar
riage fell throughf the preliminary pay
ments were returned to the rejected
suitor by the parents.
Even a widow," independent of control
In the matter of marriage, If she con
sented to become a man's wife received
some compensation herself, from her in
tended husband.
It is said that in their marital rela
tions they were, as a rule, strictly
faithful to each other. If the woman
was found' to be guilty of unfaithful
ness to her husband the penalty was
death. Such a'thing as a man whip
ping or, beating his wife was never
known. Whipping under any circum
stances was considered a more humili-
Many of the Indians in Mariposa and
adjoining counties were polygamists,
having two and three and sometimes
more wives. Some of the chiefs and
head men would have wives from sev
eral adjacent tribes, which had a ten
dency to establish permanent friendly
relations among them.
Every man who took a young woman
for his wife had to buy her. Young
women • were considered by their
parents as personal chattels, subject to
sale to the highest suitable bidder, and
the payment of the price constituted
the main part of the marriage cere
mony. . ¦:
• ... '- * .
were used as commercial property and
peddled out in the mining camps and
gambling saloons for money to buy
food, clothing or whisky, this latter ar
ticle being obtained through the aid of
some white persons in violation of law.
Their miserable, squalid condition of
living opened the way for diseases of a
malignant character, which their medi
cine men could not cure, and their
number was rapidly reduced by death.
At the present. time there are not in
existence . a half-dozen of the old Yo
semites who were living, even as chil
dren, when the valley was first discov
ered in 1851, and many of the other
tribes have been correspondingly re
duced. .
the reservation for only a few months,
and some of his old followers after
ward stole away and joined himi .With
this remnant of his band he returned
to the Yosemite, but not long after
ward they * were set upon -by -the
Monos, a tribe from the Eastern side
of the Sierras, with whom they had
quarreled, and 'the old chief and many
of his warriors were .killed.
In 1855, after four years . of confine
ment on the reservation, an agreement
was made with the Indian Commis
sioners by the head men' of the 'tribes
that if their people were again allowed
their freedom they would -forever re
main at peace with the .white settlers,
and they would try to support them
selves free of expense, to the Govern
ment. They were soon permitted to
leave, and have "ever since faithfully
kept their promise.
Most of them went back to the vicin
ity of their old homes and made tem
porary settlements on unoccupied Gov
ernment land, as many of their old vil
lage sites | were now in possession of
white settlers. As there was a very
large crop of acorns that season, .they
gathered an abundant supply for win
ter use, and, with what was given
them in the way of food and clothing
by some of the white settlers, they
managed to get through the winter
fairly well.
Their four rears' residence on the
reservations, however, had been more
of a school in the vices of the "whites
than one of a higher education. They
became demoralized socially, addicted
to many bad habits and left the reser
vations in worse condition than when
they were taken there. Their old tribal
relations and customs were nearly
broken up, though. they still had their
head. ¦ men to whom they looked for
counsel in all important matters."
As the country became more settled
much of .' their: main food supply, the
acorn, was consumed by the ¦ domestic
animals of the ranchers and their mode
of I living became - more precarious and
transitory, and many, of them » were at
times in a condition near to starvation.
In these -straitened and desperate cir
cumstances many of their young women
Teneiya was finally allowed to depart
with hla fatnilv after havintr been on
It was during this campaign that
Major Savage and his men discovered
the Yosemite Valley— about the 21st
day of March, 1851— while in pursuit of
the Yosemites, under old Chief Teneiya,
for whom Lake Teneiya and Teneiya
Canyon have appropriately been
named.
And then the Government did what It
considered the best possible thing for
these people. It provided ample food
supplies, blankets, clothing and cheap
fancy articles for the comfort and
pleasure of the Indians on the reserva
tion, and for a short time it seemed
the best policy, as they enjoyed the
novelty of their new mode of living.
The young, able-bodied men were put to
work clearing, fencing and cultivating
fields for hay and vegetables, and in
this way they were partially self-sup
porting. A large portion of them,
however, soon began to tire of the re
straints imposed and longed for their
former conditions of freedom and
many of them sickened and died.
Old Teneiya, chief of the "Grizzlies,"
was particularly affected by the change
in his surroundings and by the humili
ation of defeat. He suffered keenly
from the hot weather of the- plains,
after his free life in the mountains, and
begged to be allowed to return to his'
old home, promising not to disturb the
white settlers j in • any way, 'a pledge
which he did ' not break.
But the Yosemites and one or two
other bands of Indians refused to sur
render, and retreated to their mountain
strongholds, where they proposed to
make a last determine" resistance.
Active preparations were accordingly
made by the State authorities to follow
them and either capture or exterminate
all the tribes Involved. For this rea
son a body of State volunteers known
as the Mariposa Battalion was organ
ized under the command of Major
James D. Savage to pursue these tribes
into the mountains; and, after many
long marches and some fighting, the
Indians were all defeated, captured,
and, with their -women and ' children,
put upon the reservations under strong
military guard.
The breaking out of actual hostili
ties created great excitement, and an
urgent call was made upon the Gov
ernor of the State for military forces
to meet the emergency and protect the
settlers — a band strong enough to«thor
oughly subdue the Indians and remove
all of them to the reservations to be
selected by the Indian Commissioners
for that purpose.
Meantime the Governor and the
Commissioners, who had then* arrived,
were receiving numerous communica
tions, many of them from persons of
high rank, earnestly urging a more hu
mane and just policy, averring that the
Indians bad real cause for complaint;
that they had been "more sinned
against than sinning," since the set
tling of California by the whites, and
that they were justly entitled to pro
tection by the Government and com
pensation for the spoliations and griev
ances that they had suffered. \
Probably these protests had some In
fluence in delaying hostile measures,
and in the inauguration of efforts to
induce the Indians to come in and
treat with the Commissioners, envoys
being sent out to assure them of fair
treatment and personal safety. Many
of them accepted this offer, and as the
different tribes surrendered they were
taken to the two reservations which the
Commissioners had established for
them on the FresiiO River, the principal
one being a few miles above the place
where the town of Madera is now lo
cated.
As before stated, these Indians were
not a warlike people. Their only.weap
ons were their bows and arrows, and
these they soon found nearly useless in
defending themselves at long ¦• range
against soldiers armed with rifles.
Moreover, their stock of provisions was
so limited that they either had to sur
render or starve.
To prepare for this struggle for
existence they made raids upon some
of the leading posts in the mining
sections, killed those in charge, took
all the blankets, clothing and , pro
visions they could carry away, and
fled to the mountains, where they were
soon pursued by the soldiers and vol
unteer citizens and a spirited battle
was fought without a decisive advan
tage to either side.
But finally the chiefs and leading
men of all the tribes involved met in
a grand council and resolved to com
bine their warrior forces in one grand
effort to drive all the white enemies
from the country before they became
more numerous and formidable.
tlers and killed them for food for their
families, who, in many instances, were
in a condition of starvation.
PROBABLY just about one in
every hundred tourifcts that visit
the Yosemite Valley ever takes
the trouble to ask the meaning
of its Indian name or ever even
thinks of much less inquires into the
fanciful legends that played such an
Important part in the lives of the red
men and in the early history of the
country.
In the first place the valley was not
called "Yosemite." but Ah-wah-nee.
n-nlcfa means "deep grassy valley," and,
the Ah-wah-nee-chees were a large and
5»j\verfu! tribe, but on account of a
dreadful black siekr.ers and war the
'¦and was about destroyed and the few
that were left flc-d from the stricken
country in gr#at haste.
Bo it happened th2t for many years
the great valley was uninhabited and
the game was at liberty to travel the
length and breadth of the land un
mblcstedJ But finally Teneiya, who
claimed to be a descendant of the great
chief Ah-wah-nee, gathered some of
his fathers tribe about him and
claimed the valley as the birthplace
Of his people. It followed, as a matter
of course, that he became the founder
of the new tribe and straightway the
valley was christened "Yo-sem-i-te,"
' which signifies a full grown bear, and
his people adopted the name because
those who bestowed it were afraid of
the grizzlies, and also feared his band.
Then, unlike many of the warlike
tribes, they divided the territory be
tween them and settled down to lead
a peaceful life. "When trouble of any
description arose, instead of fighting, as
any erf the other tribes west of the
Sierra Nevadas would, the chiefs ar
ranged a council at which all the head
men cf the tribes were represented, and
the matter was settled by arbitration
\ rather than by brute strength.
All was serene when the first parties
of prospecting miners Invaded their
lands, and the Indians welcomed them
with their characteristic hospitality and
. were much Interested in the gold min
ing that they saw carried on about
them. It took them but a very short
while to learn the value of the gold
dust, and some of them straightway
engaged in mining and bartered their
"diggin's" for trinkets, such as beads
and gayly colored blankets, at an im
mense proflt to the traders, and the
feeling that prevailed for a time was
one of peace and good will.
In a remarkably short time, however,
reports of the rich gold mines spread
and miners by the thousands came and
took possession of the whole country,
paying no regard to the natural rights
or wishes of the Indians.
Then some of the chiefs made the
proposition that if \he miners would
give them some of the gold which they
found In their part of the country they
might stay and work. This offer was
not listened to by the miners, and a
large majority of the invaders treated
the Indians as though they had no
rights whatever to be respected. It
bo chanced in some instances where
the Indians had found and were quiet
ly working a gold mine they were for
cibly driven away by white miners,
who promptly took possession of their
claims and worked them.
Moreover, the Indians saw that their
main sources of food supply were rap
idly being destroyed. The oak trees,
which croduced the acorn — one of
their staple articles of food — were be
ing cut down and burned by the
miners and others in clearing up the
land for cultivation, and the deer and
the other food game were being rap
idly killed off or driven away from the
locality.
Dut this wasn't all. In the "early
days," before California was admitted
as a free State Into the Union, it was
reported, and was probably true, that
some cf the immigrants from the
slave-holding States took the Indians
and made slaves of them in working
their claims. It was no uncommon
event for the sanctity of their homes
and families to be invaded by some of
the "baser 6ort" and young women
taken, willing or not, fcr servants
and wives.
In retaliation, and as some compen
sation for these many grievous_ out
rages upon their natural, inalienable
rights of domain and property, and
their native customs, the Indians stole
Jiorses and mules from the white set-
The old Indians were and are very
reticent regarding their religious be
liefs. Thej' hold them too sacred to be
exposed to possible ridicule, and it Is
therefore very difficult to get informa
tion from them by direct questions.
They seem, however, to have a vague.
Indistinct belief or tradition that their
original ancestors in a long-forgotten
past dwelt in a better and much more
desirable country than this, in tha
El-o-wln. and that by some misfortun*
or great calamity they were separated
from that happy land and became wan
derers in thi? Tart o* the world. They
also believe that the spirits of all good
Indians will be permitted after death
to go' back to that happy country ot
their ancestors* origin, but that th«
spirits of bad Indians have to serve an
other earth life in the form of a grizzly
bear as a punishment for their former
crimes. Hence no Indians ever eat beax
meat if they know it.
All the old Indians are spiritualists
and very superstitious in their religious
beliefs. Or.e special tenet is that if ona
of their friends has been murdered ha
will not receive them on terma of
friendship in the spirit world unless
tbey avenge his death, by either killing
the murderer or som? one of the sama
blood. This queer belief sometimes re
sults in an entirely innocent person be-»
ing put to death.
They all have a great fear of evil
spirits, which they believe have tha
power to do them much harm and de
feat their undertakings. They also hava
a fairly distinct idea of a deity or great
spirit, who never does them any harm
and whose home 13 In the happy land
of their ancestors in the "West.
The clothing of the- Indian was very
simple and scant before being Initiated
into the use of a more ample and com
plete style of covering while living at
the reservations. The ordinary full
complement of dress for a man (Nung
ah) was simply a breech clout, or short
hip skirt, made of skins; that of a
woman (O-hoh) was a skirt reaching
from the v.aist to the knees, made of
dressed deer skin finished at the bot
tom with a slit fringe, and sometimes
decorated with various fancy orna
ments. Both men and women frequent
ly wore moccasins made of dressed
deer or elk skin. Young children gener
ally went entirely nude.
Their winter huts, or o-chums. as
they termed them, were Invariably oi
a conical form, made with small poles
and covered with the bark of the in
cense cedar. A few poles ten or twelve
feet long were set in the ground around
en area of about twelve feet In diam
eter, with their tops inclined together.
The outside was then closely covered
with long strips, of the cedar bark,
making it perfectly water tight. An
opening was also left at the top for the
escape of the smoke, a fire being
kindled in the center inside.
One of these huts would hold a fam
ily of half a dozen persons, with all
their household property, dogs includ
ed' and there is no other form of a
single-room dwelling that can be kept
warm and comfortable in cold weather
with so litt'-e fire as this o-chum.
Their underbedding usually consists
of the skins of bears, deer, antelope or
elk, and the top covering was a blank
et or robe made of the skins of small
fur-bearing animals, such as rabbits,
hares, wildcats and foxes.
Most of the older Indians still cling
to their o!d customs and manner of
living, and are very slow to learn or
talk our language, but the younger
ones are striving to live like the white
people, and seem proud to adopt our
style of dreS3 and manner of cooking.
As a rule they are trustworthy, and
when confidence i3 placed in their hon
esty it is very rarely betrayed. Dur
ing the past fifty years a great many
thousands of people have visited th»
Yosemite Valley with their own carap-
; ing outfits and during the day and
often all night are absent on distant
trips of observation, with no one left
In charge of the camp, yet there has
never to my knowledge been an in
stance of anything being stolen or mo
lested by Indians. There are, however,"
some dishonest Indians who will steal
from their own people and sometimes,
when a lone distance from their own
camps, they may steal from the whites.
A few, if they can get whisky through
the aid of some white person, will be
come drank and fight among them
selves and occasionally one of them
may be killed, but as a rule they are
peaceful and orderly and hold sacred
the Dromise made to the Indian Com
missioners by the old tribal , chiefs,
•when released from confinement on the
reservations; tha^f they would forever
keep the peace and never again maka
war against the white people, "•
The principal reason for burning the
bodies of the dead was the belief that
there is an evil spirit waiting and
watching for the animated spirit or
soul to leave the body that he may get
It to take away to his own world of
darkness and misery. By burnijfe tha
perishable body they thought that the
Immortal soul would be quickly re
leased and set free to speed to the hap
py spirit world in El-o-win or far dis
tant west, while, with their loud, wail
ing cries, the evil spirit was kept away.
The young women took great care of
their long, shining, black hair, of
which they were all very proud, as add
ing much to their personal beauty, and
they seldom had it cut before mar
• riage. But upon the death of a hus
band the wife had her hair all cut off
and burned with hi3 body, so that he
might still have it in his future spirit
home to love and caress as a memento
of his living earth wife.
There arc no people In the world who
show more reverence for their dead
or hold their memory more sacred than
these so-called "Digger" Indians. Af
ter being released from the reservation
they kept themselves in abject poverty
for many years by sacrificing their best
blankets, baskets and clothing iri the
devouring flames of a fire kindled for
that purpose, when holding their an
nual mournful festival in memory of
their dead friends.
urally wore off. Every Indian camp
used to have some of these hideous
looking: old women in it In the "early
days."
Thus he undoubtedly
knows more about the
subject of which he
writes than any one else
now living.
3ir. Clark, besides be-
uig one of the original
surveyors of the famous
•*3Ii\riposa Grant." was
the discoverer of the
••Mariposa Big Tree
Grove." which, together
with Yosemite Valley it
self, he was chiefly in
strumental in bringing
under Government con
trol.
f7 \LYS CLARK, for
\jj more than half a
C century a pioneer of
the (i olden Wcst^ and for
nventy-six years "Guard
iaii of the Yosemite.-' at
SO years of age has been
rivvuiled ou to write a.
; ruly notable and excep
tionally valuable book
about the wonderful val
k-y ami the Indians who
inhabited it when he
made his fi rst visit among
i hem, in 1855. which is
now in process of publi
cation, and from which
the following lengthy
extract 1ms been repro
duced by special permis
sion.
THE - SAN - FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALIl
After the pile had cooled the charred
bones and ashes were gathered up, a
few pieces of bone selected and the re
mainder buried. Of the pieces retained
some would be sent to distant rela
tives and the others pounded to a fine
powder, then mixed with pine pitch
and plastered on the faces of the near
est female relatives as a badge of
mourning, to be kept there until it nat-
11
THE INDIANS OF THE YOSEMITE VALLEYGiant Brothers
It is believed that Central Illinois
can produce more curious characters
and refer to more curious incidents
than any other locality of similar ex
tent in the United States.
In Normal there resides a family of
The other day there arrived at Boise,
Idaho, a llttle'girl enly 10 years of age.
who had left her home in Germany and
crossed the ocean and over two-thirds
of this continent as an express pack
age! While she didn't ride In the bag
gage car, she was bil'ed the same as
packages as "One girl. 10 years old."
Checking a Baby
There are no drawing-rooms as in
London. Presentations at court are
made at the balls when the Czar as he
first enters passes along the diplomatic
circle, talking for a moment with each
chief of mission and greeting any guest
for whose introduction permission may
have been secured. This form of pre
sentation has a fine air ¦«of < hospitality
and offers the opportunity' of. a brief
conversation. What, impresses the ob
server is the finished courtesy and
grace,: the thorough breeding,- which
distinguish every social function. Tht
To save railroad fare from Mentor,
Minn., to Buford, N. D., a woman,
was bundled into a box, to Be shipped
as baggage on the ticket purchased by
her husband, and had the train been
on time th'e scheme would undoubt
edly have been successful.
As it happened, there was a delay
of two hours because of the heavy
snow, during which time the box,' with
its human freight, lay on the platform
In the bitter cold. The woman was
plucky, however, and 1 . stood the. un
comfortable position as long as pos
sible and until fear • of freezing to
Blessing the Neva
Wife as Baggage
In feeding the baleen whales drop the
lower jaw and swim forward rapidly,
end all kinds of small floating animals
— fish, shrimp, winged mollusks — pass
into ibe yawning mouth. When the
lower jaw is closed the plates of baleen
are forced upward and backward, the
water rushes through the sieve formed
by the hairs, the food is left behind and
Is swallowed by the aid of the tongue.
Some of the baleen whales are said
Among the various kinds of whale-v
ben- whales is the right whale, which
reaches a length of sixty feet and yields
200 barrels of oil and 1000 pounds of long,
valuable baleen; the humpback whale,
which Is sometimes seventy-five feet
Jong, but has short bone and little oil;
the finback and sulphur bottom whales,
of large size but comparatively little
value, and the bowhead. Greenland or
Polar whale. The last is at home
among the Ice fields and is now the
most sought of all the whales on ao
count of the excellent quality and large
Quantity of its baleen. The maximum
length is sixty-five feet, and its hulk is
Immense; the huge head represents a
thiid cf the length, and the tail Is six
teen to twenty feet across. The largest
bowheuds produce several thousand
founds of bone, worth $5 or 56 a pound,
and 6000 or more gallons of oil, worth 40
cents a gallon.
The use of photography in the study
of comets is bringing to light many
anomalies in their^ structure that tax
the Ingenuity of astconomers to ex
plain. The latest occurred in the come^
that visited us last year — BoreHl's —
whose tail, in July last, split In two for
no apparent reason. A section of It
broke from the head and traveled away
from the rest at a relative speed of
twenty-nine miles a second. It is sug
gested by Professor E. E. Barnard,
who writes of this phenomenon in
"Popular Astronomy," that the emis
sion of particles from the head to form
the tail may have suddenly altered
slightly in 'direction: or, possibly, a
wandering swarm of meteorites may
have collided with the tall.— Success.
Whalebone Whale
The Rising Sun Inn, in Sussex, Eng
land, Is a very interesting and curious
place. The proprietor is a great stamp
collector, and he has practically every
room in the house covered with stamps.
The ' parlor of the inn Is called the
jubilee stamp room, which took the en
terprising decorator five years to cover
with stamps of all nationalities. Even
the table and chairs are adorned In this
manner. A picture of the late Queen is
hung upon the walls, and another of
the Eiffel tower, both very prettily de
picted with stamps. The original value
of the stamps in the room is stated to
be $200,000. In. a rustic little summer
house, where a^slmllar decoration Is
displayed, is kept the visitors' book,
which contains about 85,000 signatures.
Two-Tailed Comet
Palace of Stamps
motor-omnibus was a very familiar
sight in London streets. In 1833 Han
cock's steam omnibus, the Era, was
panting Its way many times a day be
tween Paddington and the Bank, do
ing its ten miles an hour and carrying
fourteen passengers at the modest faro
of sixpence each. It is true, that the
Era had an unamiable trick 1 of break
ing down just when its passengers
were most in a hurry, and it usually
took half an hour or more to start it
again. But even our thousand-pound
motor cars of to-day have their eccen
tric moments.
.The Era's twin sister, the Autopsy,
was a still more capricious vehicle.
She ran, when she could be induced to
run, between Pentonville and Finsbury
square and was an attractive looking
omnibus with an open front, which
three open air passengers shared with
the conductor. But both Era and'Au
topsy suffered eclipse when Hancock
produced his Automaton, an omnibus
with a certified speed of twenty miles
an hour over a measured mile on the
Eow road and capable of carrying
twenty-two passengers. The Auto
maton was a "free-lance" and ran
wherever passengers proved most plen
tiful—to Islington, Paddington, Strat
ford or the city. But the turnpike
acts sounded .the death knell of these
pioneer horseless omnibuses and In 1840
they vanished from the streets.
him $3000 and is without incumbrance.
Mr. Curtis is 65 years of age and has
always been scrupulously careful to
avoid, debt. He is the son of a once
wealthy family who lost their fortune.
the mother was of average stature.
There are probably few families in the
United States who can show four sons
of such height. '
Tellam has named the result of his
handiwork "The Zulu Motor Car." He
has a Kaffir to be his chauf
feur and the native has become quite
He was also a draughtsman for the
Union Iron Workj, but left some time
ago to accept a lucrative position in th«
African sold fields.
THE mechanical Ingenuity of Reu
ben Tellam, a civil engineer in
the employ of the Consolidated
Gold Fields, limited. South Af
rica, has succeeded in giving the wilds
of that region its first automobile.
The machine Js a crude specimen of
a motor car but answers the purpose
for v.: ~h it was intended to carry Tel
lam over the rough territory in which
he is engaged at his profession. It Is
built on the four wheels of a discarded
ox c-rt.
proficient in handling the lever. Tel
lam is proud of his work, as he per
formed it all himself. The power from
his motor car is developed from an
electric storage battery which Is con
cealed in the body of the car.
Tellam sent the picture of his "up
to date automobile" as he calls it, to
Registrar of Voters Thomas J. "Walsh
of this city as a Christmas and New
Year's greeting. Tellam was formerly
a draughtsman in the employ of ths
Election Commission and as such he
made a topographical map of this city,
considered one of the best ever made.
Kaffirs "Zulu Motor Car"
THE Indians shown in the rare
photograph reproduced herewith
are the "Arabs of* the Great
American Desert." They are a
family of the New Mexican Indians of
the poorest class, and the life they live
is as primitive, if not far more primi-
tive, than ' that of their lowliest or
earliest ancestors, notwithstanding that
they wear clothes having some sem
blance to the apparel of present day
civilization. Their home cannot even be
dignified with the modest name of
"hut." It is nothing more nor less than
a heaped-up pile of brush and scraps of
rags and blankets, affording but very
poor shelter even from the sun by day,
and having no warmth at night, for on
the desert none is needed. And yet.
notwithstanding their poverty and the
squalor of their lives, as shown in the
photograph, they are a very contented
little band of Nomads.
Despite all thfi learned prolixity of
cerebralists the mysterious something
which constitutes the difference be
tween genius and insanity persistently
defies definition. Such-knowledge as
we have of it, if knowledge it can be
called, is purely speculative. We
know that two intellects with mech
anisms as like in physical aspect as
two peas may produce results as un
like as chaos to cosmos — the I one a
generator of wild futility; the other
militant force in forwarding civiliza
tion. But why this three pounds of
gray convolutions is what it is, and
why that three pound3 of apparently
similar convolutions is what it is, we
may make but the veriest guess. Dr.
Edward Anthony Spitzka's report
upon his analysis of the brain of
George Francis Train in no wise clears
up this perplexity. Indeed, so far as
the layman Is concerned, it serves to
bring the puzzle into striking relief.
The noted specialist reached this con
clusion: "The brain, shows a superior
degree of complexity In its surface
morphology. No lesion of any kind
and no deformity, atrophy or anomaly
are discoverable."
Roughly speaking, this means that
Train's brain was extraordinarily well
developed and free from deficiencies.
To all outward appearance it should
have been the source of great Ideas
and the master of their sane execu
tion. Yet we know that, despite the
fact that he made his name known
the world around, his was a Bingularly
futile career. Though he repeatedly
gave evidence of having far more than
the average intellectual power — dis
played talenis which seemed at times
to justify his quaint conceit that he
"felt like a cocoanut In a bag of pea
nuts" — he always stopped short of
great achievement. Instead of being
a great man he was an object of great
ridicule. — Philadelphia North Ameri
can.
The Bra in Riddle
In Lovington, Moultrie , County, Dr.
J. D. Donovan, who has practiced med
icine and surgery for forty years, has
lv.ised nine sons to adept tho same pro
fession. Four are now in college, but
five have practices of their own. The
elder Donovan is a native of Marshall
County, Kentucky, where he was born
in 1S3S. Eleven children were born to
him, nine boys and two girls. Th«
single daughter living has not ex
pressed any desire to be a physician
like her nine brothers.
Family of Doctors
Their tailing makes them wanderers,
a week or u n days being a long time to
stay in port, and then they are oft.
always for a c'.imate greatly changed
from th':- one they are leaving. Changes
cf riothlng are frequent, and the shiv
ering, mufflid-up man dancing around
the deck <;f a steamer lying at a pier
in the East River, his teeth chattering
from the Icy blasts across the water so
that he can scarcely hold a pips in his
mouth, will in a few days develop into
a graceful lounger against the rail,
linen-suited and straw-hatted, id'.y
rolling a cigarette for occupation, and
¦wondering- how he managed to live
through his experiences in New York.
These coastwise sailors can stay in
bo port long enough to become accus J
tomwl to the temperature, be It warm
or cold, let alone becoming acclimated,
and It is a commentary on the ability
of the human animal to adapt himself
to his environment to see these men.'
thivering under a stinging northwest
¦wind and a. temperature of 15 to 20 de
grees, knowing that within six or eight
diys they will be sweltering in llnpn
and drinking cooling draughts at •*
temperature of SO or 100 degrees and *
moist atmosphere that Is most un
healthy, even when a man lives in It
the year round.— New York Post.
There are. however, many men to-day
to v. horn tn«* charms of travel between
the tropics and New York do not ap
peal. They are the crews of the many
vessels that j»ly regularly between this
port and the islands that lie off the
cosst of South and Central America,
and that coast Itself.
An attractive story is that told by
Lafoadio Hearn of a voyage from New
Tcrk to th' Spanish Main in winter,
leaving the city in tho midst of a cold
epell. (raking each succeeding morning
to nreet a warmer a!r caressing his
check, the water becoming greener and
the sky bluer, until one can feel the
warm languor ar.d luxuriousness of the
tropics creep into his very veins as he
read?.
Sailing to Tropics
While the pocket-stocking is unde
niably a good thing in theory, there
are, nevertheless, certain objections
which may justly be urged against it.
chief of which is its inaccessibility un
der certain circumstances. For in
stance, if a woman should neglect, be
fore leaving home, to put a nickel in
her glove for car fare, having placed
all her money in her stocking, she
would find herself in an embarrassing
position when the conductor took up
his collection.
The principal objection to the pock
et-stocking therefore is its ungetat
ableness In a crowd.
Again, there are other women who
It is an interesting instinct that
makes woman carry things about in
her stocking. When and how did she
come bv it? It ssoms reasonable to
suppose that since women's garments
are usually so destitute of -"ckets
necessity has driven her to use her
stocking for that purpose. Hence a
woman's hose 'has come to be a gen
erally accepted receptacle for every
tnlnsr, from pin money to a powder
rag.
Buyers from Xew York state that
hose manufacturers urc now making
pockets in women's stockings.
Now that hosemakers have taken
the lnltiatlVe in this matter, it is
strange that they didn't think of the
stocking scheme for women eons ago,
for from time immemorial, woman —
poor creature! — has been using: her
stocking for a shopping bag.
The pocket hose bids fair to become
a popular fad.
Pocket Stocking
E. W. Nelson, who spent between
four and five years in investigating for
the Government the Eskimo living
about Bering Strait, says: "On sev
eral occasions I saw them go from
the sweat bath to holes in the ice on
a neighboring stream, and, squatting
there. r>our ice water over their backs
and shoulders with a wooden dipper,
apparently experiencing the greatest
pleasure from the operation."
Although the Eskimo boys seem to
withstand such a bath as this all
right, and even to enjoy it, it would
in all probability kill any white boy
who tried it. '
Owing to the intense heat, the
bathers are obliged to wear respirators
to protect their lungs. There respira
tors are pads' of shavings bound to
gether, concave on the inside and con
vex on the outside, and large enough
to cover the mouth, nose and part of
the cheeks of the wearer. Across the
inside runs a little Wooden bar, which
is held in the teeth to keep the respir
ator in place. The boys sit there un
til they are dripping wet with perspir
ation. Then they rush outside into th«
intense cold and roll In the snow.
Boys who make a fuss because their
parents oblige them to take frequent
baths should be glad they are not
Eskimo children, living on the shores
of Norton Sound, says the Detroit
Xews-Tribune. In that co!d region of
Alaska all the boys are obliged to take
a sweat hath every week and this bath
is no jc.ke. A fire of driftwood is built
in the center of the floor of the kashlm
— the one-roomed house where the men
and boys of a village pass most of
their time — and when the smoke has
parsed off" and the wood is reduced to
red, glowing coals, a cover is nut over
the smcke hole in the roof, and the
place becomes Intensely hot. The boys
then must take off their clothes and
sit about the furnace-like apartment
until their skin becomes as red as the
shell of a boiled lobster and seems on
the point of blistering.
ARABS OF THE AMERICAN DESERT
Urbana blasts cf one nan who will
never need tho attention ot the hu
mane society. His name is S. P. White
ard he is r>rubably the only Illinoisan
who has remembered a dug in his will.
He is aged seventy-five and one of the
oldest lawyers at the Champaign bar.
With the exception of his faithful dog,
Tripp. he is alone in tho world. He
and th? canine have been Inseparable
companions for. the last ten years, even
in court, and brothers could hardly think
more of each other. Mr. White is
proud of the fact that in case he should
die first a custodian would be appointed
to take care of the dog and that he
would be allowed a good sized sum to
pay him for his trouble. In addition
the will provides for a first-class
funeral when the dog diea.
Dog Legacy.
"It is another rudimentary Instinct
which has survived the need cf it. Man
instinctively protected woman by hav
ing a cliff on one side of her and him
self on the other, and to this day she
expects it.
"I suppose, too, that's why men nat
urally walk on the outward side of wo
men along the sidewalks. In case a
winged ichthyosaurus should swoop
down on them he could bang her over
against the shop windc-ws and stand
off the beast.
"When the prehistoric man wanted to
eat his meat in peace, he huddled
Into some cranr.y in a cliff or against
the side r>f a big rock. In that posi
tion- he felt secure, for nothing could
attack him from the rear, and he could
observe everything that approached
his way. It must have taken ages of
experience to have bred that instinct
so deeply within us, for even now,
when cave bears and mastodon3 do
r.r-t frequent our eating resorts, wo pre
fer wails, and especially corners, every
time.
"Why is it? Simply instinct — an in
stinct the origin of which dates back
to prehistoric times, when men had
not yet learned the use of metal weap
ons. It is the Instinct we Inherit from
our cave-dwelling ancestors, who had
only clubs with which to defend them
selves. Instinct is only an unconscious
disposition to make use of previous
experiences.
"Why is it." asked tho elderly man
with the ccntemp!ative air, "that we
instinctively choose the tables ami
chairs next to a wall in a restaurant?
why are the tables in tho center of the
room always the last taken?"
"Don't know; never thought of it."
responded his companion. "But I'll bet
you have a theory to account for it."
The elderly man smiled knowingly,
and continued:
"You will notice that the corner seats
are always first taken. It'3 the same
in street cars or railway e^ai-hes. Every
man or woman instinctively takes to a
corner, and §crews his vr her back Into
it. Have you noticed, too, that when
passing people along a wall, you al
ways edge inward if you possibly can?
Odd House
Ancient Autos
Now that there appears to be an
early prospect of a service of motor
omnibuses for London, it is interesting
to note the curious fact' that, with thii
exception of a few months about four
years ago, no horseless omnibus has
been licensed in London for sixty-five
years.. In the far-away thirties the
In Peoria there Is a. man named J.
W. Curtis, a. mlllwriGht and carpenter,
who hasi, just completed a house that lie
has been engaged upon for the l?.3t
seven years. Not a stroke of work has
been done by others 'excepting in the
plastering and plumbing. The house is
a double frame, two stories in height,
upon /a solid brick foundation, which
stands fifteen feet in height. For thirt>
years he lived in a little house upan
jhe same site. He conceived the notion
seven years ago that. he wanted a new
house, and. moving the old one to the
rear for temporary quarters commenced
work upon the new. The structure cost
In Wapella, I!!., there is a young
Slrl barber. She is but 12 years of
»ge. and her name is Burzie Lighthafl.
Her father operates a barber shop in
the village and. she h his onJy assist
ant. The young lady is quite expert
and i3 proud of *her accomplishment.
She is not kept from school, but goes
to the institution regularly, assisting
her father largely on Saturdays.
to attain a length of more than 100 feet,
and there are authentic records of ex
ample? measuring between 90 and 100
feet. The laigest species of whale, and
therefore the largest of all living ani
mals and the largest creature that ever
existed, so far as we know, is the sul
phur bottom whale of the Pacific Coast.
One of these was ninety-five .Jeet long
and thirty-nine feet in circumference,
and weighed by calculation nearly 300,
000 pounds. The sulphur bottom whalo
Is further distinguished by being the
swiftest of all whales and one of the
ir.ost difficult to approach. It glides over
the surface with great rapidity, often
displaying its entire length, and when
It respires the immense volume of vapor
which It throws up to a great height is
evidence of its colossal proportions. — St.
Nicholas.
1
EsKimo Baths
prinntp. tho four sons nf Mrs. V. L.
Car'nos, who are all over six feet In
height. Th=? tallest, Robert, measures
six feet four inches and a. fraction.
Fourteen your? ago. when he was a
lad of 1C, ]«_• was stricken with lung
fever. Hia sickness lunted for a long
time, and it was believed several
times that He would not survive, but
i?il the weeks he lay in bed h^e con
tinued to ¦ increase in length. Ths
< Iiannre i:i him v.-iis plainly noticeable.
The doctors v.cr? puzzled and admit
ted that the c:s? was peculiar. When
the lad recovered it developed that he
had grown ni;:o Inches during his
fickness. Then; probably is. no par
allel case. He h^s not been sick since
his illnor,3 long ajjo.
Clovis Carim?, another son, is but
22. yet he; its six feet seven inches in
height, tho t;iilest 'of the family.
George and Edwin both measure six
feet three inches. The father of these
boys was but six feet in haiglit, while
Charles Kelly and hla feathered pet
are tenants of cell 517 of the Cook
County jail. Illinois. The man and the
canary became companions in the peni
tentiary at Jackson. Mich., where Kelly
was serving a sentence. For four years
the 'convict trained the bird in his cell
and now boasts it can do 123 "stunts'
and whistle "Yankee Doodle" as a side
accomplishment. The pair had an en
gagement on the vaudeville stage, but
Kelly sot into trouble and landed in
Jail.
Girl Barber
Trained Jail Bird
variety of emotions; ?nd it is a ques
tion whether the excitement is as yet
<;uitc at an end. They have been aiter
iiaiiws between Ibe hope that his life
might be snved and grhf at his death.
At the present moment he has offi
ilalljjsu to speak, shuffled off his mor
tal .Oil, but it seems to be an open
question whether he may net come
around .»ssii>. Ths Rood man had al
ready o;i two memorable occasions
unaxfd his mourners by returning to
consciousness as his body was on the
point of being oi-asigned to the tomb.
The other evening he took another sol
«>n:n farewell at those among his kith
and kin who were gathered around his
bed. When he appealed to have drawn
his last breath preparations were made
fur his burial. The supposed corpse.
was cttiied in his Sunday raiment, the
gravrd'Gger had been warned that his
sri vices would be required and the bell
cf the little church had already begun
to to!l. when the old gentleman sud
denly pulled himself together, and. sit
ting up. asked for a glass of cordial.
His son and daughter, who had just
arrived posthaste from Paris, in brand
new sable garments, and bringing with
them a cotoeaaT wreath, were in the
room at the time, and as soon as their
father had refreshed himself he jested
with them about the innc-cent trick
which ho had played them, chatting,
away in high good humor. He inquired
with considerable display of interest
about the funeral preparations, and the
¦whole family went to rest that night
much relieved in its feelings. During
the following day the octogenarian was
so lively that his children arranged to
make their journey back to Paris im
the morrow. In the evening, however,
after partaking of some coffee, into
¦which, at his request, a wee drop of
brandy had been poured, the old man
fell backward insensible, and the vil
lage doctor, who had been summoned
in cot haste, declared that there co-uld
be no mistake about it this time, and
that he was really dead. As, however,
nobody in the village feels by any
means convinced that this? is the case,
the general opinion being that he has
elmply fallen into another trance, no
preparations are being made for his
Interment, nor will they be commenced
unless unmistakable signs of death are
noticed.— Paris Correspondent London
Telegraph.
Relatives and friends of a worthy
ixloceaariau dwelling in an Auvergne
vjli£gp have bcea patsiac through a
Thomas W.Davis of Peoria probably
is the most remarkable bicyclist of his
age in the world. He is now in his 77th
year, and has ridden 100.000 miles. He
recently received from the Century
Club of America the first prize for tho
1902 mileage record of America, leading
all competitors by riding 8030 mile3 laat
year. This fall he will bringhis total
up to vl distance of four times around
the earth; Mr. Davis has been -an en
thusiastic wheelman for forty years o:
more, and has ridden. all kinds of bl
cjcles. from the original affairs known
as the "ordinaries" to the modern
"safeties." He is confident that h!a
record cannot be equaled.
Strarage Trances
Cave Manners
The discovery and study of new
forms of radiation is the order of the
day. Some time ago it was found by
Messrs. Charpentier and Blondlot. two
French investigators, that rays appar
ently unlike any others previously
known are given off by the human
bqdy. It has now been discovered that
these are closely analogous to the form
of radiation found in the light of the
Welsbach mantle and in that from
some other sources, and they have been
named by Blundlot "N-rays." in honor
of the University of Nflncy.^otti forms
increase the luminosity of a fluores
cent screen, and in the case of the
body-rays this increase is proportional
to the degree of contraction of the mus
cle that gives off the rays.— Succos3.
When the trick was exposed the bag
gage privilege of the man's ticket be
came, of course, valueless, and he was
told that he would have to purchase
transportation for his wife. What be
cameioz the couple is not known, as
they left the station as soon as the
woman y.t.3 sufficiently thawed out to
travel, a^rd they failed to return in
time to catch the train.
death compelled her to scream.' Her
cries were heard by the station agent,
who, immediately opened the box and
found the ' woman almost frozen with
the cold. ' . ¦¦;¦ - '
Human Radiators
and so receipted for. She was literally
covered with tags, which were sewed to
her clothing. She also carried on her
dress front many little buttons which
curious travelers had pinned there at
various points on her long journey. An
other remarkable thing about the jour
ney of the little traveler is that among
all those whom she met en route not
one V-vas . found who could speak her
tongue, yet she made the entire journey
without the slightest mishap or'un
necessary delay, and was fourteen days
on the road. — The Express Gazette.
It is widely supposed that the Czar
never goes forth without a guard. This
is an error. He often drives through
the streets with no attendant but the
coachman. Most people of rank go with
a coachman and footman. I have seen
the Czar in his sledge without a foot
man and no one near but the servitor
who held the reins. Precautions may
have been taken along the line, but if
so they were not visible. Indeed, it Is
difficult to see what could have pre
vented an attack had there been such
a design.— Saturday Evening Post.
Czar knows all the details. When per
mission was sought only the day be
fore for a visitor to witness the bless
ing of the Neva from the Winter Pal
ace the answer came in the early morn
ing with the apology that the request
reached the Czar only at midnight, and
the visitor was made his guest. It b»
only at the great special ceremonials
like the coronation or a wedding or a
baptism that the court costume is
worn, and the sumptuous crimson vel
vet robes, with all their accompani
ments, do not often appear.
would construe thi3 into a poilt! in
favor of the pocket-stocking. T*»ey
might find it more advantageous in
displaying a gayly patterned hose* ?.n
the excuse; which a muddy stre**.
crossing would giVe them.
•It might be well, however, not to \*j.
too hasty in conclusions, but rather tr
reserve our judgment until we find 0..1
how the stocking-pocket works out in
practice.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALIl
Oldest Cycler
12
THE SCRAP BOOK PAGEThe piecing of factories Is of consid
erable assistance, giving employment
Tor all the rr.embeis of the family, even
Jn the season of r.o faj;m work. "Whllo
it was feared that the system of pa
ternalism would have a bad effect, that
soon napsfd away, and now the citi
zens of Woodbine are as independent
as those of any other town In New
Jersey, and they are starting industries
of their own initiative and with their
own capital.
The :atest enterprises opened there
have been a slaughter-house on modern
lines, a hat factory and a cigar factory.
The : future of this colony seems as
sured, and the influences which will
spread from it are difficult to over
estimate, for a splendid agricultural
school fpr both sexes has been opened
here and the sons and daii:'*ters of ths
Vinelanders are being trained under
the wise supervision of Mr. Sabsovich
along the most approved' lines. ¦'...
They are learning all about dairying,
truck farming, the raising of fruits and
vegetables, so that they .will not only
be expert farmers themselves, but will,
when needed, be ready to lead in the
formation of other farm colonies. The
value of this settlement is- therefore
of surpassing importance, and its pres
ent flourishing condition is the best
evidence cl the results whkh can be
attained by persistent and continued
Intelligent effort.
Mistakes have been made, but even
these have been valuable, showing
what to avoid :n similar settlements
hereafter, it has been expensive, be
cause the la ml was not well chosen,
nor were the settlers selected with the
best foresight, but thousands of dol
lars have been sived since by the
avoidance of thes'» errors. But thi3
has been only, one line of activity fol
lowed try the trustees of the Baron
de HirEch fund. Its real work i3 edu
cational, industrial and agricultural.
The educational worlc wa3 begun
some thirteen years ago. when classes
for the children of the latest immi
grants were opened in different sec
tions of tho East Side of New York.
These arc now housed In the great
Educational Alliance Building, and
through them hundreds of children
are prepared for tho public schools.
In this building other societies are at
work, with classes of all kinds, enter
tainments, gymnasium work, etc., for
the better development of the immi
grants and their children. The influ
ence of this building is elevating and
widespread. It helps to solve the
question of the uplifting of the op
pressed Hebrews in New York, but
does not touch the larger problem of
their distribution. .
The feeling that it was necessary to
relieve the overcrowded trades of
clothing and cap making and at the
same time relieve the tenement dis
tricts of their teeming: hordes, was
widespread. How to do it was a mat
ter which it has required year3 of
painstaking labor and thousands of
dollars to show.
The trustees of the Baron de llirsch
fund early engaged in the solution of
the problem and during ths thirteen
or fourteen years that it has been at
work it has cleared the way for steady
progress by showing not only what
was to be, done, but what was not to
be done as well.
With the millions which Baron de
HIrsch had placed a.t their disposal it
would have been easy to waste much
In doling out money to all who seemed
to need it, but it was clearly decided
by the trustees of this fund that every
dollar expended must be spent in
helping the Immigrants to help them
selves. The trustees of this fund now
are Meyer S. Isaacs, Jacob H. Schiff,
would be overcome and a way would
be pointed out along which progress
was possible. So long ago as 1882
some colonies were started in the
southern, part of New Jersey, ''but,
either from a poor selection of the
men sent out or from injudicious
choice of land, progress has been
slow and only within the last few
years, under new auspices, has life
been injected Into the colonies here.
Eugene S. Benjamin, E.mg.nu-1 Leh
man, Henry Rico. Nathan Bijur, A.
Abraham, Mayer Suizberger und W.
B. Hackenburg.
These gentlemen started the work, of
distributing the immigrants by estab
lishing employment bureaus which were
in correspondence with factories all
over the United States, to v.'hich thou
sands of workmen have been and are
still being sent. But they niade an
other step toward scattering the "hosts
of Israel" and founded arf agricultural
colony at Woodbine, N. J.
This was an expansive experiment*,
yet it has been worth all the $>00.000
that it has cost. What wa3 a waste
has been transformed into a thriving
industrial and asr.icuitmni community
of 2000 .souls. There aFe a Town Coun
cil. Mayor, School and Health Board
and all the machinery of an American
town, thriving better than any of its
neighbors. Factories 'have been opened
there and are successful, although the
people employed work only eight or
nine hours a day and draw on an aver
age higher wages all the year round
than are i paid in the rest of the United
States.
The £>oor, oppressed immigrant has
become a truck farmer or a dairy farm
er and feels independent, for he o\vn3
his farm of thirty acres,, or is grad
ually v buying it from the profits of his
labor. . The system tried at Woodbine
was to purchase farms, implements,
stock, etc., and sell them to the settlers
MAKING AMERICAN FARMERS OUT OF RUSSIAN HEBREWS
it has long been felt~ that if the
Jew could be taken back to the soil
many of the economic difficulties con
nected with the large immigration
They are satisfied to take the prob
lem here as it is forced upon them, and
try to better the condition of the thou
sands that find their way here by edu
cating the children and scattering the
people as much as possible.
The educational .work has been so
often mentioned that it need not be
gone into here. Every one knows of
the great institutions for teaching im
migrant children, for instructing boys
and girls In the trades, and these are
doing a tremendous amount of good,
but there are other and more compli
cated problems which must be dealt
with-
fp^HERE is a Russian problem in
I the United States, and the Amer-
I can Jew is thcroughlv alive to his
JL responsibilities, for he is working
in various wavs to solve it. It is a
mistake to think that many American
Jews are inviting immigration here, for
few of them share the views of the en
thusiastic editor of the Jewish Ency
clopedia, who advocated a tax of a
dollar a week to be paid by each of one
hundred thousand prosperous families,
thus producing $5,200,000 a year with
which the suffering Russian and Rou
manian Jew might be taken away in
special steamers to North and South
America, or other parts of the world.
THAT faith in a "divinity that
shapes cur ends" continues now
as ever to goad warring nations
to victory or defeat is strikingly
demonstrated In the conflict
waging between Christian Russia and
pagan Japan.
Of all Nirvana's celestial host none
are more overworked these days ap
parently than the seveta Gods of Good
Ifiortune, enshrined In some form or
other in every Japanese household.
Tba.t the grim old gods of war, Shokl
and Daikoku, ore not turning a deaf
•er to the prayers of the faithful late
war bulletins would seem to substanti
ate.
"Religion of modern Japan," once
•aid a Tokio professor, "has degener
ated into mere sentiment. There is no
religious faith or belief save among
the very common people."
However this may be, apparently
Cromwell's advice, "Trust in God, but
keep the powder dry," is the shibboleth
of new Japan, for the time that old Ja
pan was wont to give to the worship of
brazen idols before confronting £he en
emy new Japan spends behind the
guns. Most of Japan's gods, as did its
arts and learning, cztme originally from
the China it would to-day make Its
own — came largely through the same
Korea Russia would possess.
Xh" most popular deities to-day are
the Seven Gods of Good Fortune, which
form a sort of popular appendage to
Japanese Buddhism. However dead
may be the religious faith of modern
Japan, every art collector, every child
of the Mikado's kingdom recognizes at
a giar.ee the Seven Gods of Good For
tune, and few are the houses or gar
dens that have r:ot a shrine dedicated
to one or more of the mystic seven.
Often th^so shrines, half hidden in a
garden or a bend of the road, contain
only a slab or shaft of wood, stone or
metnl. inscribed with some poetic Een
timeiu or prayer. Lamps are kept
burning before them, and the votive
offerings are substantial cereals or
other kinds of food.
It is to the artists of the ateliers
rather ihan to the priests of the tem
ples Js.pz.if Is indebted for the preser
. vation of the gods It worships, four of
whom rank merely as familiar demi
gods. The familiarity they have bred
and their popular following are attrib
uted to their large admixture of hu
tnati clay with the divine essence. In
fleshly forms they have assumed some
csrnal weaknesses, and through this
fellow feeling with mortals are dis
posed to cast no ascetic glances upon
man's pardonable frailties.
These worldly old gods aro well lov'l
and would be, were there need, well
fought for, but there is little respect
In the affection -¦ the populace bears
them. The other three gods retain In
their separate forms the panoply of the
church, and thus keep a hold upon th«
veneration of the people. The Japanese,
themselves have no clear idea of ih*
significance, the direct or intercessory
power of their "household gods." There
is no getting at the beginning or the
end of their idols.
Not one out of a thousand of the na
tives can give any information that
would be of value to the student of
comporative religions. Nevertheless,
few are the children of Japan that have
not been soothed to sleep by a lullaby
that announces the rowing into port of
the treasure boat with the seven gods
on New Year's eve — the season when
parents and grandparents invoke Ebi?u,
Daikoku and Fukuroku-jiu» to the
household as gods of good fortune,
while exorcising all evil demons by
thowcrs of bear.s, with shouts, "Enter,
good spirits! Devils, avaunt!"
Idols at the entrance to many of the
temples of Japan are disfigured with
spit balls. Showers of beans or spit
balls are as distasteful a salutation to a
Buddhist demon as drcps of hc-iy water
to the devil of Roman Catholicism. Of
all the gods Ebisu is reputed the only
Simon pure Japanese god.
He is of the godlike race of which the
Mikado is a lineal descendant. In pic
torial and plastic art of modern Japan
he is depicted in Japanese drcsp, hold
ing in one hand a red tai (fish) and a
fishing rod in the other. Popular
sketches give him a laughing counte
nance while he watchas the struggles
of tho tai at the end of his line. Then,
with fishing appliances laid aside, he
is represented as rejoicing with his
companions over a Japanese Olympian
banquet of which a tai is tha crowning
course.
Ebisu and his boon companions.
Daikoku and Fukuroku-jiu. arc the
special spiritual guests bidden to the
New Year celebrations of tho 'people.
Of the soven 'household soils Ebisu
holds position quite inferior to that of
Daikoku, the patron saint, as it were,
of the military class.
Daikoku is these days in hi^h favor,
and everywhere tapers burn cirrd) vo
tive offerings arc piled upon • his
shrines. Every Japanese soldier, be
he of laud or sea service, prays to Dai
koku for success in war. His ir.iage
may be seen in every Japan 3se bar
racks. He lv<!!5 } the nlaco of honor on
their battleships, end ia the talisman
every Japanese soldier tarries some
where under his tunic. .
Daikoku is represented in modern art
as a sturdy figure wearing the ancient
dress of a well-to-do Chinese burgher,
a short coat, girded at the waist, loose
breeches and a pair c-f huge boots that
completely engulf his lower limbs. The
crewn of his low cap projects over his
brow. He holds in his right hand a
mallet, while the left grasp3 the neck
of a sack slung over his shoulder. Us
stands upon well filled rice bales.
In deference to Buddhistic tradition
his face is sometimes blackened, but it
is always broad with goed humor, and
his whole person is the expression of
prosperity. .Devotees to his shrine al
ways find him rearsuring. He is fre
quently spoken of as the cod of the live
cereals.
But the cod par excellence of the
common people is Hotel. He is the
least dignified of tho seven. He has no
place in the trinity acknowledged by
most theologians. He is as well known
as is Santa Claus in our country. His
selection as one of the gods of good for
tune is due to his merry looks, his fond
ness for children and h'.s close resem
blance to , the military sec!, Dai'.coku.
He has the power to tell future events,
and ia much sought by the paople.
The fifth of the gods, Tanim Ten. de
spite his fierce looks and martial guise,
is not rpecially associated with military
glory either in China* or Japan. The
generally recognized god of war in
Jupan is Hcchirr.an or Shoki. the deified
con of Empress Jingo.
To those who pray to him Tanim Ten
"can grant gocd fortune more swiftly
thnn the flight of an arrow from the
uow.^and confer gold, silver and seven
precious treasures"': all wcridly wealth
ia in his keeping to bestow as he
chooses. As modern Japan, like mod
ern Christendom,' worships the al
mighty dollar, Tamrr. Ten petitioners
embrace a!:r.« st the entire kingdom.
Indeed, big popularity equals that of
the last of the gods now worshiped,
Juro, the genius of longevity.
Only i-ne woman finds place among
the gods of good fortune— Benten. She
is the object of a serious cult. Benten
bestows wealth, fertility, offspring,
ar.d is credited with beins the mother
of fifteen sons. She i3 generally rep-
resented with a stringed Instrument,
and is the emblem— as femininity
should be— of harmony. If pictorial
art is to be credited, the other gods of
good fortune rarely go off on a lark
without Benten. There is close con
nection in the popular mind between
Benten and snakes, due largely to the
tradition that she first ccme to J^pan
on "snake day." In deference to Ben
ten snakes are to this day held sacred
in many parts of Japan. The most
ardent prayers addressed at her shrine
are for the modern open sesame
wealth.
To no graven Image, but to the living
God— the God of Revelation— does the
se-ldler of the Tsar of all the Russians
lift his heart for guidance and protec
tion before doing battle with the
enemy. In keeping with the Roman
Catholic belief in "the communion of
saints," he implores the intercession of
St. Nicholas, If he be a middy, and that
of St. George, if he is of tho land twees.
Unlike the Roman, the Greek church
does not countenance plastic art as a
medium of devotion.
The Russian ikon, or image. Is a
painted representation of the saint
venerated. There are- no statues of
saints in the Greek churches, nor do
th-ir amulets of devotion take the form
of graven images. Fear of confounding
tho graven symbol with the real God
in the minds of the people is the Greek
church's reason for rejecting the plastic
art in the representation of its saints.
Every Russian soldier, however negli
gent he may be of the practical duties
imposed by the church, wears suspend
ed round his neck under his uniform
a small gold cross and medal dedicated
to the mother of God. Rare i3 the sol
dier that ventures forth to battle with
out a picture of St. Nicholas or St.
George ovor his heart.
The barracks throughout Russia pre
serve everywhere holy pictures bearing
the impress of bullets that thus miracu
lously escaped the wearer. Some of
these partially burned pictures have
been left a?? souvenirs by tho surviv
ors, who gratefully attributed escape
from death on the field to their faith
in the intercessor whos* picture they
venerated. Many of these pictorial wit
nesses of divlre Intercession In answer
to the prayers of the faithful date from
the Crirr-nn wars.
Every Russian battleship has an ad
justable altar, where the sacrifice of
the mass 13 offered not only on San
days, but on the eve of every conflict.
After the custom of Roman Catholic
countries, no new Russian battleship Is
launched or flag hoisted until both have
been blessed In accordance with the
prescribed religious ceremony of the
Greek church.
INVOKING THE ANCIENT GODS OF WAR IN THE EAST
IN this view of the World's Fair,
which opens on April SO next, al
most the entire exposition area is
shown. Tho grounds are 9500 feet
long and 6000 feet from north to
K>uth. The view is from a point above
tho northeast corner of the grounds.
What is called the "main picture" of
the exposition occupies the northeast
ern section.
Following the picture from the south
eastern gate, at the upper left hand
side of the r'cturc, around the north
eastern fronts <>f the several great
building t<» the western limits, the dis
tance is nearly two and three-quarter
miles.
Thp four prcat buildings most promi
nent in the rictuie ar.d nearest tho
observer, beginning with the Liberal
Arts <:i the left and taking the Palaces
of Manufactures. Varied Industries and
Transportation, have frontages of 300
feet more than a mile. The Govern
ment buildir.gand the Government Fish
eries building are seen in the left of
the picture, with Slate buildings and
the great Inside Inn beyond them. Tho
Government building is upon a high
elevation and from its porticos and
loggias many interesting views are ob
tained.
The two larjzo buildings nearest tho
Government building are the Palaces
of Liberal Arts and Mines ;;nd Met
allurgy. Next come the Plaza of Or
leans and the Palaces of Manufac
tures and Education. The broad space
which divides the main group into two
parts is known as the Plaza St. Louis.
The prominent feature of this place is
the Louisiana Purchase monument,
which stands near the north end of the
Grand Basin. The surroundings of this
plaza form the "central picture" of the
exposition.
The Festival Hall, which is 200 feet
in diameter and 200 feet high, with at
tendant colonnades on either side, and
the beautiful restaurant pavilions ter
minating them, closes the view on the
southwest. Upon the slopes between
tho col->nn:ide3 and the Grand Basin
are the great cascades and rainbow
gardens, giving extraordinary color and
life to the scene.
Behind the Festival Hall are seen
the lour grout buildings, representing
an expenditure of over a million dol
lars, devoted to the displays of fine
arts. They contain a total of 135 gal
leries and the exhibits will constitute
tho largest art display ever shown.
Tho buildings on the west side of
the Plaza St. Louis are tho Palace of
Varied Industries, which is nearest
tho observer, und the Palace of Elec
tricity. The Plaza St. Anthony is next
west of those buildings.
The Palace of Transportation, cover
ing fifteen acres, and the Palace of
Machinery, with its many towers, ar»
the next buildings westward. Upon
the high ground, southwest of tho Pal
ace of Machinery, is the Palace of
Agriculture, covering twenty acres.
South of the Palace of Agriculture is
the Palace of Horticulture. Westward
from tha Palace of Agriculture is the
Philippine reservation of forty acres,
where 1000 Filipinos will be at home
during the exposition.
The foreign section is seen beyond
the Palace of Transportation. Among
the fins buildings here are thoss of
Belgium, Brazil, Great Britain, France,
Italy, China, Sweden, Austria. Nica
ragua, Cuba, Mexico, Ceylon and Can
ada.
Tho Administration building. Eth
nology building, Hall of International
congresses nnd{Woman's_building are
near together. oil the high ground west
of the foreign building*. South of the
Administration '¦ building the large
structure is the Palace b£ Forestry,
Fish and Game. .' '
The Aeronautic Concoun-e, Wftsre
the airship contests for the: $200,000
in prizes offered by th« exposition v/ill
take place, is in the western p*trt of
the grounds. The Physical Culture
building und tho athletic field, with
seating arrangement."? for 25,000 peo-
pie, are also In the western section.
The reservation of thirty acres for
the Government Indian exhibit and
another reservation of six acres for a
map of the United States in living
plants are west of the Palace of For
t'Stry, Fish and Game.
Near tho Palace of Agriculture is the
great floral clock. 112 foet in diameter,
and the lake In which the United States
life-saving corps will give daily exhibi
tions.
In the foreground is seen the "Pike,"
the amusement street ot the exposition.
It begins in -the eastern part of the
grounds with the Tyrolean Alps, which
cover ten acres or more, and winds
around tho .west end of the Transpor
tation end Machinery palaces to a point
near the Art Building, ending with the
reproduction of the city of Jerusalem,
which covers eleven acres. In this dis
tance of nearly two miles will be seen
the most novel entertainments that
ingenious- showtren have been able to
.devise. Among them is an international
Irish exhibition, showing the industries
of Ireland, with Parliament House,
Blarney Castle and other notable build
ings. The animal show is a very large
affair. Asia will give many interesting
glimpses of Oriental life. The Chinese
village and the Streets of Cairo will
furnish very interesting pictures of
Eastern customs. Creation is a won
derful illusion. Under and Over the Sea
will furnish unusual experiences. The.
Galveston Hood will show how a great
city was destroyed by a tidal wave.
The tire-fighting exhibition will show a
modern fire company in actual warfare
with the flames, using all of the most
modern apparatus. New York to the
North Tole is a magnificent feature, re
plete with Interest. Jerusalem will be
the objective point of the Bible stu
dents from everywhere.
An intramural railway, having
fourteen miles of track, will carry the
visitor to the many interesting points
within the grounds. Tho exposition
is fortunate in having a site which
furnishes a variety of scenery and
abundant shade. Instruction and
pleasure will be mixeG in fine pro
portions and thp visitor's days at the
exposition will fly all too quickly.
The total area of the exposition Is
1240 acres. The estimated cost of the
great enterprise is placed at $50,000,
tiOO. exclusive of the value of the ex
hibits. It is estimated that the ex
hibits in the machinery palace alone
are worth $8,000,000.
The opening day is set for Satur
day, April 30. and tho exposition will
continue seven months, to December
1 next.
In comparison with the largest for
mer exposition, the Columbian
"World's Fair at Chicago In 1S03, the
world's fair at St. Louis occupies near
ly twice the amount of land and 50
per cent more exhibit space. In every
phase thi3 exposition shows the de
velopment of eleven years, a period
of most remarkable progress in all
industries.
WONDERS YOU WILL SEE AT THE GREAT ST. LOUIS FAIR
TIMELY TOPICS OF THE WORLD
THE SAN ' FRANCISCO SUNDAY CAU_
wj ea^y payments, at a low rate uf
interest. It ig estimated that the cost
of* a farm and family house is about
510 a month, which includes interest,
taxes, etc. It is therefore made easy
for the settlers to own their homes, and
in the course of the last few years they
have done so. ¦
13
I IHE CLOSURE. , . a
BIRD'S-EYE VIEW OF WORLD'S FAIR. ST. LOUIS. U. S. A.took as keen .' an interest as ever in
the new, poet, the new painter, the new
flower.
There are some people who are only
too. ready to grow old. Instead of this
we should try to keep young, in thought
and sympathy. This is a very .'different
thing from trying ' to play the role; of
youth after -decay has taken ' hold' of
us, and decrepitude set in, • It Is a sad
Gymnasium Suit From the
Olympic Arms Co.
Laitze. This wortny rearing that /the
recognition by, his parents of the, fact
that he was seventy years old would
remind them of their own great ,age
used to dress himself in a child's frock
and play about the room like an infant.
At the end of a beautiful summer, when
the evenings begin to "close in" and
there are signs of approaching winter,
we feel very sorry; but when winter
does actually come we find it is
not without its good things, and we
accept it cheerfully. In the same way
we should accept old age, and riot kick
against it and then we shall find that
it has blessings and, that it need not by
any means be a winter of discontent.
Old age cannot be called an evil when
it is taken as , Miss Mitford, the* au
thoress of "Our Village," , took it. . She
retained her good temper, her enjoy
ment of the simple commonplace pleas
ures of life, and -her. literary tastes,
with such" a \ liveliness of - spirit arid
such ;• a tenderness " of • heart : that * it
seemed as if time could not 'touch her,
and that, notwithstanding ' her seventy
years, she could ' not "grow- old.'- She
sight to see an old lady, wrinkled and
withered, dressing, talking and acting
like a very young one. Old boys dis
guise this foible a little better, but they
are equally ridiculous.
When people said to Diogenes, "You
are an old man,- and should rest for the
remainder of your life." "Why so?" he
replied; "suppose I had run a long dis
tance, ought I to gtop when I was near
the "end and not rather press on?"
People are quite right in these days of
struggle to. leave (off money-making
¦When they have got enough, and give
the younger generation a chance. In
every town and parish, however, there
is much work needing to be done by
some one, that would save the old from
the ; pains and ugly effects of idleness,
and remunerate them largely though
not in material coin. If the man who
does riot play whist or golf is prepar
ing for a miserable old age for himself,
'this Is much' more true of him who has
; no hobby. Some people profess to wish
for; a sudden . death," by which- it is to
-be* supposed that rthey" do. not mean
an unprepared death. ' '
why he remained so long in this lite,
he answered, "Because I have nothing
whereof I can accuse ray old age."
Sometimes old age, when it is free
from great infirmities, trials and pri
vations, is the most tranquil, and, per
hap, on the whole the happiest period
of life. The passions and ambitions
of other /days have passed. Time has
allayed animosities and subdued
asperities of character. St. Martin's
summer lights with a pale but beauti
ful gleam the brief November day. It
is pleasant to feel in oneself and ¦ to
notice in others the sourness of im
mature and. unripe youth disappear
ing with the advance of years. Just
before he died the American poet,
Walt Whitman; said, "As I grow older
I am more and more ready to take the
good there is in men and authors,
without concerning myself about the
bad." It is only poor wine that grows
sour with age.
White hairs, which have been called
"the flowers of the cemetery," may not
of themselves always inspire respect,
but they cannot fail to do so when
they point to a. long life that has been
well spent.
Here in China, where the writer is
now living, old age is much venerated
and it is considered a compliment to
inquire after your "honorable teeth,"
the conventlonable phrase employed in
asking people their age. The Chinese
admire a long beard and estimate age
by the length of it, because social usage
only allows a man to grow old when he
is a grandfather, or at least 45 years
old. "What is your honorable age?" a
Chinaman asks when introduced to a
new acquaintance. "My insignificant
years do not number more than thirty,"
may be the modest reply. "Oh!" it ia
polite to exclaim In a tone of great
surprise, "I should have taken you" to
be forty at the very least." And the
other, even if a woman, will blush with
pleasure at the Insinuated flattery. The
respect which the Chinese pay to their
parents, and to old people generally, is
one of the things in which they differ
with advantage from ourselves. Chi
nese children have not to be reminded
-that a parent is, after all, one of God's
creatures. The Chinese never speak
of old fogies, or make parents feel that
they have over stayed their welcome In
the world. In speaking to. a parent a
child is taught to avoid all reference to
old age, and every* boy 'has held up to
him as an exampje the conduct of Laon
And if old age is pleasant to himself,
and if he is at all worthy (as he de
sires to be) of the name of sise, which
his friends are wont to give aim. It is
because he has always obeyed the laws
of nature, and submitted to her guid
ance as to that of a god. It is not
likely that she, who has brought U3
well through all the stages of life,
should, like an indolent poet, fail in
the last act. All things must have
an end, and for man to be dissatisfied
when the fruit is ripe is. like the
giants, to war with the gods. When
a certain French woman. 80 years old.
was runnins over the catalogue of her
ailments, her physician at last said to
her, "What would you have, madam?
I cannot make you young # agaln!" Or
dinary practitioners cannot do this, but
there are four famous doctors who, if
they cannot make us young can give
us an old age not frosty but kindly.
Their names are Temperance, Exercise.
Good Air and Early Hours, ilany peo
ple do not believe in these physicians,
because they are cheap, unaffected and
truthful; but when they are obeyed old
age stays away far longer, and when
It does come It is far less burdensome.
In Cicero's famous discourse on old
age the dialogue opens with the request
which a young man makes to Cato to
tell him how it is that he finds old age
so pleasant while to other men it is a
burden. He first answers, generally,
that If. is true that to many old men
age is a wretched condition, and one
which is deservedly contemptible as
well as wretched? And he gives in
stances both from hi3tory and - from
his own observation of living men — but
he says that this is not the fault or de
fect of nature, but of the men them
selves.
past. From an old fogy like this ths
young, not unnaturally, keep away.
Querulousness .and pessimism should
always be fought against. The old have
had their good things, and Instead of
expecting much now they should be
ready to jump for joy If nothing alls
them. The way to grow old wisely is
the way of self-control, the way of
sympathy and the way of unselfishness.
The grand essentials of happiness In
every stage of life, but particularly in
the last, are having something to do,
something to love and something ta
hope for.
Let those love now who never loved before.
Let those who always loved now love the more.
If we cannot help growing old in
years, at least we can all try to grow
old gracefully. "Do you think I'm a
fool, sir?" thundered a fiery Scotch
laird to his new footman. "Weel, sir."
replied the canny Scot, "I'm not Ions
here and cannot ken, yet.". If we ough»
not to call a man happy till he dies, it
is equally premature to call him wi3e
till we see how he manages his old age.
One is not growing old gracefully who
becomes slovenly in dress, acquires odd
tricks, makes disagreeable noises,
praises and thinks of nothing but the
Most of us, however, would prefer a
short period of waiting, as did one of
the captains of Charles V of Spain.
When old and infirm he asked the Em
peror to discharge him from public ser
vice because "there ought to be a pause
between the tumult of life and the day
of death." The best thing is neither to
love our lives nor to hate them, but to
live what we live well and not be anx
ious either way as to their duration.
We know several old people who are
quite willing to leave life, but who are
contented to wait as long as they are
of any use. And they are of use. They
sympathize with and give the benent
of their expeiience to the young, and
they teach to all a lesson of cheerful
resignation. After the day is over the
sun seems sometimes to hang for half
an hour in the horizon, as if to show
how glorious It can be. So God lets
some people, when their duty in this
world is done, hang in the West, so to
speak, that men may look upon them
and see how beautiful Is the ending of
a well-spent life. A friend told the
writer recently that the last days on
earth of his aged father quite aston
ished him, so happily and peacefully
were they spent. Having made his will
and arranged all his business he said,
"I am just waiting," with as much sat
isfaction as a schoolboy says, "I am
going home." This reminds us of some
word3 of the authores3 of "Uncle Tom's
Cabin," quoted in her biography: "I
feel about all things now as I do about
the things that happen in a hotel after
my trunk is packed to go home. I may
be vexed and annoyed, but what of it!
I am goinc home soon." "
When asked what age he was a man
answered "The right side of eighty."
"I thought you were' more than
eighty?" said the inquirer. "Yes: I
am beyond it," he replied, "and that
is the right side, for I am nearer my
eternal rest."
Author of ier Row to Be Happy Though Married."
GRACEFUL OLD AGE
But we need not elaborate a proof
that the sunny days of youth are the
best days, or that the vigor and
strenuousness of young men /are most
valuable, because no one denies these
things. What some will think much
harder to prove is that there is a
beauty and a happiness in old age if
it be taken in the right way. When
Boswell expressed to Dr. Johnson a
wish to experience old age, the doctor
v.-.-<s much irritated and thundered out:
"What, would you have decrepitude?"
Whether we wish it or not, if we do
uot die young, we shall have the ex
perience of old age, but it depend3
very much upon the way in which we
spend the beginning and middle of our
live whether old age is, or is not, in
our case accompanied by decrepitude.
The poet Rogers, who was often com
plimented on being a fine old man,
used acidly to reply: "There is no such
thing, sir, as a fine old man." Well,
but to say the least, there are others,
and It Is the" duty of every one to try
and grow old gracefully. To grow old
is natural; being natural it is -beau
tiful, and if we grumble at it we miss
the lesson it would teach. When peo
ple asked Leontinus, the teacher of
Isocrates, who reached the age of 107,
Carlyle wrote that youths should be
ihxit up in barrels until they passed
their twenty-fifth year, because that is
the time when they attain their "max
imum of detestability." In the Senate
or council of the aged, young members
were occasionally saen, but they were
not heard unless they could make a
defense for the crime of being a young
man like the one so well known to have
been made by the younger Pitt. In thi
mrr.y promotion used to be by senior
ity, and ol'd men who had lo-st air nerve
and initiative commanded regiments.
Now, young men are coming to the
front. I heard it said lately by an ex
perienced officer that a man had not
nerve to properly lead a cavalry regi
ment after forty-five years of age.
Upon the EpiFcopal bench at present
there are those who would once have
been thought boy bishops. Most peo
ple of our day and generation admire
and envy youth. If to be young is a
fault it is one which we would all like
to commit. "What wpuld you give for
my youth?" a young fop asked Talley
rand. The wrinkled old diplomatist
smiled and replied, "My faith, I would
almost be willing to be as foolish!"
Thwe of us who are beginning to feel
s-yinptoms of that incurable disease, old
age, would make the same sacrifice.
Bow to tlie Inevitable.
SOME time ago it was the fash
ion to ?nub youth, and make
it take a very back seat in
deed. It was only admired in
ladies; men had to apologize for it as
if it were a crime. They ctmld not help
being born young, and in this way were
like Boswell. who pleaded toleration
from Dr. Johnson for his Scotch ex
traction on the ground that it was not
his fault that he was born a Scotch
man.
By Rev. ID. J. Hardy, M. A.
STRENUOUS YOUTH TO
Thou shalt not shoulder, trip, strike,
kick or In any way batter or bruise
thy neighbor, whether on your own
or the other side.
Thou shalt not raise thy stick above
the elbow.
That the game Is less rough than
basket ball is an advantage or disad
vantage, according to whether you ars
a player or a player's mother, a play
er's doctor or a player's father.
Dr. J. M. Voorhees, the originator
of the game, is physical instructor of
the Pratt Institute in New York. He
believes his game has come to stay
and that- it will have a distinctive
place among gymnasium games. Of
Thou shalt not cross-check thy
neighbor, which is to say run between
her and the ring, unless you are so
much quicker than she Is that you can
shoot the ring before the collision takes
place.
Thou shalt not tackle or hold up an
opponent.
Thou shalt not kick or otherwise
strike the ring except with the stick,
unless you be goal tender, who may
use her foot to stop or kick the ring
when it is between the goal posts.
Thou shalt nor rush the ring, which
means advance It by keeping the stick
continuously in the center or against
the side.
goal tender, the other players forming
a lane at a distance of six feet on
either side.
There are half a dozen command
ments, the breaking of any of which
constitutes a foul. Here they are:
The penalty for a foul is a free shot
for the other side, the shot being made
from any point on the quarter line,
with the goal protected only by the
Everybody stops and it is up to the
referee to gay which two sticks were in
the ring first, and these two players
put the ring in play again, no other
player being allowed within six feet of
them.
And in the excitement it also some
times happens that a girl's foot some
times seems a handier thing to send
the ring along with than the stick, and
here goes the whistle again:
•Foul'."
some of the players would stand back
and help guard the goal and not try to
make a goal every time they got near
the ring, but would pass it on and let
another player in better position slide
It through or pass it on to another.
But no. Every girl wants to make a
goal, and she blazes away whenever
she gets near the ring. As a matter of
fact, girls have not been playing team
games long enough lo appreciate the
value of team work. When they get
excited it is a case of every fellow for
himself and the hindmost get a stroke
if he can.
And in the excitement it sometimes
happens that two or more sticks get
into the center of the ring at the sami
time, pinning it to the floor. Then the
referee's whistle sounds:
•Held:'
The game was suggested to Dr. Voor
hees by an accidental occurrence in the
gymnasium. A class of freshmen, with
wands In hand ready to fall Into drill,
caught sight of a rubber tire that had
fallen from an iron dumbbell on
the floor. The boys began driving the
ring about the room, and as Dr. Voor
hees watched them he saw the possibil
ity of a new game based on the general
principles of field hockey, changed to
suit the limited space of a gymnasium.
He figured out a ring of flexible rub
ber, five Inches in diameter, with a
three-inch opening through the center
with beveled sides, and a stick with a
convex end that would prevent the
ring from being lifted from the floor.
He then worked out a set of rules and—
there you are.
"The game has a special value In
educational training, a thing that la
lacking in basket ball. It develops
rapid reaction, skillful movement, ac
curacy and judgment. It takes judg
ment to gauge the rapidity with which
the ring travels and' accuracy as well
as good control of the muscles to put
the stick Into the three-Inch hole to
send the ring along.
"Ring hockey is equally.well adapt
ed to women and men. It Is now be
ing played in girls' colleges, and I ex
pect It to be popular In the Young
Men's Christian Association gymnasi
ums, where basket ball has fallen into
disfavor because professionals have
worked themselves in on the teams.
Ring hockey is essentially an amateur
game, for it lacks the sensational fea
tures that attract professionals.
"When played in a room forty by
sixty feet, with clear walls that can bo
used as boundaries, much is added to
the game by the possibility of carom
shots. The game is not as simple as it
looks."
its possibilities and advantages. h»
says:
"King hockey will probably always
be more of a recreative than a com
petitive game, although the Pratt
team has already been challenged to
play a championship came with, a
Philadelphia team.
gASKET ball has a rival. Its
name is ring hockey, the one
new game of the year,
niijjr hockey is a floor game
and came just in time to take the plac*:
of field hockey, which Eastern college
Kirls had to forego as soon as the very
cold weather arrived.
The grirl athlete is insatiable, and it
Leeps the inventors of games busy
trying to keep her going. Already this
new game has been seized upon with
enthusiasm, and already there are
challenges out for championship hon
ors.
Teams for match games are com
posed of six players, and the line-up
is similar to that for field hockey. The
field is divided into four equal parts
by the center line, and two quarter
lines. As it is an indoor game girls
have gone back to bloomers, which
they have given u;> for short skirts
in so many of the outdoor games.
The ring is put into play from the
center line by two players who stand
with the ring between them, their
sticks near the outer edjje of the
ring, waiting for the referee's com
mand:
"Get ready: Play:"
Twelve pairs of eyes are fixed on the
rubber ring, twelve pairs of hands
tighten around the sticks they hold,
twelve pairs of feet limber themselves,
re:i<1y to fly whither the ring leads.
"Get ready: Play:"
Whizz-z-z-z.
The ring shoots across the floor in
the direction of one of the goals, with
ten girls in hot pursuit. The two goal
tenders guard their respective goals,
toward one of which five girls are bent
on driving the ring, with five girls on
the other side trying to prevent it.
The game is on.
Back and forth, now across the floor
in every direction slides the ring, al
ways the ten girls in pursuit. Perhaps,
if they were more scientific and less
enthusiastic about it, there would be
less of a scramble after'the ring, and
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALIi
14
RINGHOCKEY
NEWEST GYM GAME FOR GIRLSBlare end v.hlch was a free man. The
Hebrew with the awl mark of bond
age Ui his car was of the same race as
his nmster. The iron-collared thrall of
Cedric was of pure Saxon blood and
the white Goth was the slave of the
For the erlrtence of those conditions
Iir.r~2Xlial history will not hold the
people of tlie South responsible.
Slavery In some form existed come
v.here in the world up to the very
dawn of th^ present century. The
fortunes of battle, the accident of
birth or the color of the epidermis
*as each in Its time a potent factor
In determining which man was a
Thirty-four years after his nomina
tion for President, aKthe ripe age of
77, after a. life of more than ordinary
vicissitudes, John C. Fremont Jour
neyed on. It was my privilege to
know him intimately . In his latter
years. He combined the tireless en
ergy and the adventurous spirit . of
the frontiersman, and the close appli
cation and analytical mind of the
scholar, with" the; suave and cultured
courtesy of the diplomat. Whether
hunting grizzlies, jg fighting Apaches,
exploring the" secrets of. the moun
tains, or presiding with exquisite grace
at social gatherings, he was equally at
home, and was ever the ; same brave,
unsuspicious, generous, manly, loyal
gentleman. His: dauntless - yet ? txnob-
Sophie Seymore, Santa Rosa; Paul
Dewey, 1525 Scott street, San Fran
cisco; Charles Bonham, Colusa; Maur
ice Marder, Colusa; Grace Wolf, An
nette; Amy Wiley, 730 Myrtle street,
Oakland; George Burke, 1406 Fif
teenth street, San Francisco; Mabel
Dolan. 945 Grace avenue, Oakland:
Stanley Fullalove, 2806A Pine street.
San Francisco; Raymond Bradley, 176
Julian avenue, San Francisco; Anna
Sapin. San Mateo; Mathew Coopftr,
Sari Jose; Gladys Becker, 2111 Scott
street, San Francisco; J. Kuhl, 152
West Mission street, San Francisco;
Anna McGuerny, 152 Hancock street,
San Francisco; Irrtn Anderson, Wat
sonville; Earle Ballantyne, San Jose;
Morhea Wells, San Jose; Hazel Okell,
1075 Union street, San Francisco; Al
bert Ford, 3006 Twenty-third street,
San Francisco; Caroline Horett, Gil
roy; Rose Le win. 866 Castro street,
Oakland; Ruth Wiles, Tulare; Lavern
Marr, 255 Eighth street, Oakland;
Henry Ralph, Alameda; Ferda Ogle,
2613 Howard street, San Francisco;
Reta Ogle, 2613 Howard street, San
Francisco; Bessie Boyer, 1106 Wil
low street, . • Oakland; ' Prescott
Manuel. 347 . Beetle street, San
Francisco ; Alice 1( - Lahaney, 2966
Twenty-first street, San Fran
cisco; Howell Joseph, Willows;
Leonard Joseph, Willows; Leslie Koe
gel. S5 Cumberland street, San Francis
co; Horace Pyper,' 666 Nineteenth street,
Oakland; Enrol Cropsey, 1363 Twelfth
street. Oakland; Herman Schmidt, 557A
Harrison street, San v Francisco; Flor
ence Booth, Truckee; Raymond Mac
donald, 1104 Treat avenue, San j Fran
cisco; Bursley Palmer, Martinez; Lou
Van de Water, Glen Ellen; Katie Ank
er, Ukiah; W. Brown, San Rafael; B.
WatcK for tHe ,
New Puzzle Page
Next Sunday.
• •• - • •»
W. Linderman, Alameda; Donald Cutts.
Live Oak; Mazie Urquhartl 308 Valen
cia street, San Francisco; May Ed
wards, Gilroy; Mae 'Sterling'. Santa
Clara; Maud Sharp, Santa Clara;
Grace MQrltz, SOS Valencia street, San
Francisco; Carl Young 403 Fair Oaks
street, San Francisco; E. Butzhach.
3143^2 Sixteenth street. San Francisco;
Herbert Lorden, 729 Capp street,' San
Francisco; Leslie Lorden, 723 Capp
street, San Francisco; Zella Moore,
Duncans Mill; Marie Salomon.- Ala
meda; Sells Ritzwaller: Lester Flshel,
1424 Stelner street. San Francisco; H.
Dobbs, 1336 Valencia street, San Fran
cisco,; Hazel Payot, 406 Clayton street.
San Francisco; Harry Otten, 1501 Post
street, Ban FVanclsco; Ivy Hay wards,
Santa Clara; Joe Cohen. 613 Post street,
San Francisco; Albert Margo, 2403 Pa
cific avenue. San Francisco; Vivian
Taggard, 1353 Eddy street. San Fran
cisco; Lauvenia Parker. 593 Geary
street. San Francisco; Louis Fralnt, 729
Clayton .street, San Francisco; Agnes
McNamara, 220 Tenth street, San
Francisco; Margaret Ford. 1062 Ellis
street, San Francisco: Lois Lyon.
320 Sixth avenue. San Francisco;
June Moore, Duncans Mill; Marlon
Mead, Alameda; Adel Soto. Martinez;
¦W. Wadams, Santa Clara; M. Wad
ams. Santa Clara; C. M. Sterling.
Santa Clara; Ada Meyers, San Jose;
BIHIe Thrasher, Guerneville; Lillah
Montgomery. Livermore; Adele Badar
ous, 104 Baker street, San Francisco;
Lucy ¦¦: Hopkins,'. 2400 Flllmore street,
San Francisco ;, Lucy Kelly, 445 Fill
more street, San . Francisco; Melvln
Koegel. SS Cumberland street, San
Francisco; Arthur Barry, : ISO '-Pierce
street. San Francisco: Helen Hofer,
614 ElHs street, San Francisco;- Bert
Hale. C41 Turk street, San Francisco:
Merle Bunn, "S3 Stevenson* street, San
Francisco; Gladys Hanfiajj Livermore;
Agnes • Muff e. 1269; Pacific street, San
Francisco; • Maud Lewis. San Jose;
Helen | Keough, 1883 . O'Farrell streeC
San Francisco;. - Cecele Keough, 1883
O'Farrell street, San Francisco.
Bates Dkkeon, Petaluma; Eliza Lash,
Suisun; Mabel Ogburn, Hilton; Eva
Wagener, 2011 Green street, San Fran
cisco; Will Jamieson, 1111 Rhode Isl
and street. San Francisco; William
Koegel. i!G Cumberland street, San
Francisco; May Parkin, 2063 Mission
street, San Francisco; Mary Doherty,
212 Carl street, San Francisco; Henry
Bjorn. 4036 Army street. San Fran
cisco; Roy Cameron, 312 Second ave
nue, San Francisco; David At wood,
Berkeley; Alma Lafferty, 1016 Clay
street, Oakland; Florence Adams, 1443
Harrison street, San Francisco; Rus-
Bell Bray, Grass Valley; Anita Whelan,
2720 Filbert street. San Francisco;
Charles Green, 1211 Jackson street, San
Francisco; Gladys Davles, 1918 Leav
en worth street, San Francieco; Bertha
Steffens, 1S03 Larkin street, San Fran
cisco; Geraldine de Lay, 725 O'Farrell
street. San Franciscof Paul Dunck
horst, Sacramento; Dorothy Crawford,
2226 Post street, San Francisco; Eddie
Graham, 360 Shotwell street, San Fran
cisco; Anna Pelren, Los Angeles; Mary
Davis. 1145^4 Mission street, San Fran
cisco; Agnes Keller, 206 Hoffman ave
nue.San Francisco; Edna Gunter, Kern;
Mary O'Boyle, Kern; Helena Gruner,
£15 Vallejo street, San Francisco; Jerry
Holcombe, Los Angeles; Eugene Stur
gis, Berkeley; Peter Williams, 211 Eddy
Etreet. San Francisco; Roy Ray, 819
Castro street, Oakland; Nick Kelley,
Vallejo; Earle Simmons, 610 Grove
street, San' Francisco; R. Berg
hauson. Belvedere; Abby Lingen
felser. 122 Erie street, San Francisco;
Edith Still. Annette; Minnie Hermon,
Belvedere; J. Grenlnger, 117 Buchan
an street, San Francisco; Nellie Bel
vaH. Santa Cruz; C. Bliss. 1347 Mc-
Allister street. San Francisco; Justin
Martin, 419 Franklin street. San Fran
cisco; Clara Brown, 1419 Ninth ave
nue, San Francisco; Genevieve Farrell,
Petaluma; Rose Seymore, Santa Rosa;
THESE arc the names of the 150
lucky children who won prizes
In the puzzle contest — the nine
different Animals— itibllshed in
The Sunday Call of March 6:
150 PUZZLE WINNERS
(Copyright, 1303. by Thomas Fitch.)
"T <r ISTORY consists of grouped bi-
Ljographies. It is possible to to
I I suite facts as to construct them
into an edifice of falsehood. The
camera may be so adjusted as
to distort its object- The writer of
biography should, In the perform
ance of his task, be uninfluenced by
Jov« or hatred, fear or favor. I have
known the persons and to some small
extent participated in the events here
in reviewed, yet as a narrator I hope
to be sb'.e to divest myself cf all per
sonal and partisan likes and dislikes,
for time wears out prejudices, tran
quillizes pass:cms and induces men to
resect the Integrity of motives of
these from whom they have radically
difTer?d. If Wendell PhilliDS were
alive tc-day he would Incur no risk
of persor.al assault in addressing an
audience in New Orleans. If Jefferson
Davis were Etiil in the flesh he would
be accorded a patient hearing In Bos
ton. Such was not the c^se in 1860.
The men cf this generation can
ec&rcely realize that less than half a
century ago slavery was not only pow
erful but pcpular in the North as well
ts the South, while those who pro
claimed themselves in favor of its
abolition ir.currcd the risk cf social,
political ard busiTitss ostracism In the
Ncrth. and assault and expulslc-n in the
Scuth.
Few Postmasters south of Mason and
Diron's lire would have delivered a
ccpy of the New York Tribune to a
subscriber, ard fevr subscribers In that
section would have ventured to receive
a copy cf It except !n a sealed envelope.
The Northern man who journeyed
Eouthv.ar-1 ncdiocked his Hps when he
creased the Potomac or the Ohio. In
the streets of Southern cities slaves
mcrehed to the auction block with the
clank of their macacSes unmumed. but
the voice of freedom was hushed to
silence, her dramas were unrepresented
and her son^s unsung. A despotism
more drastic than that of Russia ruled
In fifteen States. The vast amount of
capital inverted in slive property was
s.;»parer.tly sa'cly intrenched behind
barriers of Juups-made law, bastions
c-f commercial power and batteries of
social prestige. In all of the Southern
and !n many of the Northern States
the great forces of society were en
listed in the Interests of the slavehold
ers. The conservative influence of the
churches— ahvays exercised In favor of
existing authority— was allied to the
prejudices of .the slum3 against the ne
gro. The power cf the banks — millions
of r.hcst- mL-ney were loaned upon the
reo-jjity of human chattels— was linked
to ihs crr/jition of politicians, whose
li'jn-.ination end election depended upon
the favor of the slaveholders.
passage of the .Kansas-Nebraska bill
•made no Jonger the honeyed
Slue of compromise with which Henry
Clay «. had. so f "often linked repellant
atoms in harmonious alliance, and in
lSf««. for the first time in our history,
the forces of freedonj'aml slavery wera
aligned for battle. Canflidates for the
Democratic* nomination for the Presi
dency were numerous, but the chief
contest vrcc between Douglas and Bu
chanan. Doughts was comparatively
young. TJJs fidelity, to slavery had not
been tested: the slaveholders needed
the Keystone State, and they selected
the morally rartilaglmms and mentall>
unoscifted PcnnsylTanian as an affa
ble availability. -
Out of the ultimate West came Fre
mont to lead the forces of freedom.
Pathfinder was. he, seeking untrodden
ways in politics, as in the exploration
of mountain and desert. With the light
of freedom in his loyal eyes and the
bronze of Western sons on the fact,
that never feared a foe or shirked a
contest, he l«d .the Republican party
In a battle which, though lost, yet
proved the Bunker Hill of a new revo
lution. The contest of 1S36 was the mld
r.igh t sun of an eraanci pated Nortn,
for Its setting rays glowed with the
prestige of a victory that was to .bring
the illumination -of freedom to a na
tion.
The history of the. organization of
the Republican, party is a history of
patriotism and of unselfish devotion to
principle. It has often, been aptly de
scrlSed as a -party of high ideals. The
Both General and Mrs. Fremont
were keenly appreciative of the hu
morous side of life, and Incidents were
not left unrelated because tha Joke
was upon the narrator. Mrs. Fremont
was fond of gardening and the Gen
eral had employed a French gardener
who understood his trade, but" who
was exceedingly ayerse. to receiving
orders from a woman. His peculiari
ties were overlooked as much aa pos
sible, but on one occasion Antolne
flatly and Insolently refused to execute
an order given by Mrs. Fremont. It
was Impossible to condone such de
liberate Insubordination, and the man
was discharged on the spot and di
rected to go to the General's office
for his pay. Arrived at his destina
tion Antolne's wrath had cooled and
he attempted an. explanation. "Gener
al." said he, "I am sorry for this. I
Ilka you. General, I could live via you
forevare. But you* wife, General, raon
Dleu. yoa wtfe Is a'terrare." •There."
said General Fremont, "that will do.
my man; there are your wages, you
can go." Antolne pocketed the money,
shrugged his shoulders and exclaim
ed: "General, I am torry for you. As
for me. as you say. I can go — but
you? Ah. you must stay!"
For that which followed let no man
unduly and unjustly censure the South
ern people. They were and are brave,
sacrificing, generous, hospitable, chl
valric people, c-f the best types of Amer
ican manhood and womanhood, and
that Is the best type of manhood and
womanhood in the world. From causes
beyond their control and almost be
yond their cdmprehenslon slavery had
woven its cancerous fibers Into the so
cial and commercial life of thc5r body
politic, and they wer* as helpless
slaves to the institution of slavery as
the blcck people were slaves to them.
Slavery could not, as the advocates of
compensated emancipation proposed, be
bought out of existence — it had to be
fought out.
When the Missouri compromise line
was destroyed the freemen of the
North arese with the spring and roar
of lions aroused from slumber. Out of
Small men with larse bank accounts
had not then excluded large men wjth
small bank accounts from the high
tellectual caryatides who upheld their
age.. ;„ • ,-
The Republican party may not al
ways have been infallible in Its selec
tion of m'ea'sures, and it may not al
ways have been wipe in its choice of
representatives, but Its purposes have
ever been high and patriotic It was
officered at It3 inception by captains
whose names now ftaml high upon the
roll call of fame. Sumner and Wilson
and Fesser.den. and John P. Hale in
New England; Se ward in New' York;
Winter Davis and Casslus M. Clay and
the Blairs In the border States; Chase
and Wade and Glddings and TrumbuU
and Chandler and Doollttle in the
Northwest; Baker and Tracy and the
Shatters on the . Pacific-^"there were
giants in- the land In thoie days" — in-
the farms and factories, out of the for
ests and . mines, out of the shops and
counting-houses , ..they came. They
formed Ihe grandest organisation ."of
freemen that . the -world has ever
known, and they named It the. Repub
lican party.- For it and its beneficent
purposes the tongue of the. orator has
been kindled with fire from the altar.
For it the strain of the.post has swelled
to the sweetness of song. For it the
sword of the soldier has. flashed along
the line of vfctorious armies, and
whatever the future may have In store
for it, its glorious past will live as long
as the English tongue.
"I fancy If Noah had sect a telegram
from Ararat he would have simply
"I would give 2 cents not to be such
a coward about horses, for this Is
weather in which driving is Indispen
sable. I u$ed to think no one (mean
ing myself) could be unhappy who can
command the sea. plenty of music and
flowers anrl an open carriage. Behold
me destitute of all these props of the
mind, and not even lonesome."
•'WASHINGTON, Jan. 30. 1S37.
Jessie Benton Fremont was not
only an inheritor of the genius of her
father, but she was the Inspiring
spirit of her husband's undertakings.
They were not merely husband and
wife — they were close companions,
co-workers, friend?, and the admira
tion of each for the- -other seemed
fresh and untarnished to the Iast-
From some letters of Mrs. Fremont
to Mrs. Fitch I select a few extracts
which in seme small degree illustrate
the home life and thought of this re
markable woman:
"PRESCOTT. March 13. 18T9.
places cf state. < The Pretorian guards
of politics had -not then Inaugurated
'the practice of shamelessly selling Sen
atorial ~ togas to metallic accidents
whose dense and unacnsltive egotism
made them unaware that a scat in the
United State3 Senate, is not of itself
distinction, but only an opportunity to
achieve it. The man who had *no
claims to high place, and no qualifica
tions for it, but who had a talent for
caucus manipulation and a fortune that
he was willing to expend to gratify hia
absurd ambition, would never have as
pired to e. Senatorial seat. No Ken
tucky distiller would have attempted
to supersede Jchn C. Brc.'.anridse. No
Massachusetts cotton-spinner could
have bought Charles" Snmner's seat
from under him. and a syndicate of
State legislators organized to sell the
votes of its members on all bills In a
job lot for a round sum. for the session
would have expected to leave, the State
immediately after adjournment.
The paths which the pioneer hewed
through the passes and over the sum
mits of the mountains are now reso
nant with the rush of iron feet, and
about the ashes of his campfires cities
have grown, yet not for many gen
erations will bis name and fame be
forgotten In the land he served and
loved so well.
trusive courage, his comprehensive
grasp of ideas, his painstaking at
tention to details, his strict perform
ance of. all duties, his generous sur
render to others when only his ontn In
terests were. at stake, his tenacious
loyalty to principle when ths public
interest was involved, hi3 sacrificing
adherence to purposes and plans when
the interests of hi3 friends were con
cerned, his exquisite manners and his
sweetness of disposition especially en
deared him. to all who were admitted
to the Inner circle of his friendship,
and these were not many, for he was
naturally reserved and retiring.
And now the Jessie, for whom In the
campaign of 1555 I held a blazing 1 brand
aloft, and whom It was our pood for
tune to- welcome with the General to
our Arizona horne.fa the little world
of our own. "In the brave days of old,"
when Prescott was 200 miles from a
railroad, has Journjyed on to meet her
husband on the other lank or the ulti
mate river, whose roar deadens all
sound to mortal ears. For years she
waited, neither weary cf this Ilfs nor
fearful of the next, tranquilly and
cheerfully recalling: all that was sweet
est In the past and waiting for all that
1* best In the future. For her aa for
all who comprehend the true philosophy
of life and death, old age does not
exist for that part of us which alone
lives. Time may plow furrows In the
face and make the Joints rickety and
dull the senses, but one Ego is beyond
fclc puny malice.
At.the close of the Revolutionary
War the eristsnee of slavery was de
fended in the South on economic
rather thin on moral grounds. Slaver
holding abolitionists were not un
common, and Washington and Jef
ferson left on .record as strong: denun
ciations of slavery as were "ever
penned by Garrison. But as the area
and the prefits of cotton culture and
the facilities cf intercommunication In
creased, so did the necessity for the
protection of slave property, and slav
ery became aggressive by that very
necessity of its nature which demanded
expansion as a cc-r.dition precedent of
continue-S existence. Where it ceased
to grow it began to die. It refused to
believe that the world was weary of it.
It refused to appreciate the fact that
the morel sense of the North, no longer
deadened by the opiate of profit, was
intolerant of further alliance with it.
It refused to- understand that agitation
for Its present restriction and ultimate
abolition could ho more be suppressed
than could the waves be stopped from
dashing: when the storm kins rides the
seas, or the earth be stopped from quiv
ering when internal fires throb, in her
furnaces. Unmindful or disregardful
of the fact that the dormant and
drowsy hostility of the North to slav
ery was sleeping but not dead, the
slaveholders rudely awakened it by re
pealing the Missouri compromise which
they themselves had enacted thirty
fonr_ years before, .
Cotton culture and, not conscience
*-.vept slavery out of New England and
the ilidtlle States Into the country
south of the Potomac, and it, re
mained thcae long after England and
France had banished it from their
West Indian colonies, and. even after
the half -barbarian Russian had emin*
clpatcd every serf from the White Sea
to the Black Sea, from the Baltic to
the Pacific.
rome K. Jerome, the
"31 ark Twain of Eng
land," be<rinnm<r next
Sunday with the first
of t!i«* series entitled.
"Drilling o.n Army."
which is uproariously
f u n i! y. supplemented
with an interview with
the great British hu
morist himself.
Though Mr. Jerome
has been in turn clerk,
schoolmaster, actor.
newspaper man. editor
and playwright, he has
forced recognition only
after a tremendous light
with fortune. It is not
hard to gruess. therefore.
what a remarkably wide
range his series will
compass.
This announcement of
the rare literary treat to
follow Mr. Fitch's con
tribution* will be re
ceived frith surprise and
gratification. It is a
series of excellent and
timely articles bv Je-
THIS is? the last of
the brilliant and
successful series of
••iitrollectioiis and Re
flect i oil k of Thomas
Fitch" which have been
r t? n n iiijx f o r some
montlis in the pages of
the Sunday Call maga
zine.
"I am not so dark as I am depicted
in the inclosed photograph. I see you
shudder, but when one has outlived
oneself and the pa3t is forever past,
what matters the picture?"
"Tour husband has Cleopatra's
charm, for there Is r.o with?r or state
to his continued power to put 'things
common Into fresh, most conclusive
convincing light." I have been reading
with more than usual pleasure his
lucid, compact, common-sense view of
pcssJble results betwe-n us and Eng
land, if there should come actual war
cut of the Venezuelan question.
"You suoke the beautiful true ap
preciation of the Gensral's delightful
simplicity of courtesy— the courtesy of
the heart as well as or training. You
will feel what It was to him to write
his resignation from the army and semi
It to ray father before he raised the
flag 'In case the Government wished
to disavow the act."
"We are In that part t.«f Nirvana
that has but little foreground and a
lovely background, so we rest on what
has been, more than content in the
soft ease of climate and flowers and
true friends who keep us weM reminded
that we are pleasant to them."
"LOS ANGELES, May 20. 1S33.
•aid. The rain has ceased to fall.' Oth
er words would have been below the
fact. Into my life the rain has ceased
to fall, for my sons are with me again.
Is there anything so detJr as the 'talks.'
when years drop into the background
and the home Is a~ain complete? I am
more busy than Is reasonable. I g<j
nowhere and see only my near friends,
and they in the evening, for thi3 right
hand cf mine is too useful to the sren
eral for me to waste any nerve power.
You will get by mail some collected
papers written for a young people's
magazine. You will please remember
nursery puddings cannot have any
flavor but nutmeg or cinnamon, so they
are harmless (ray papers and the pud
dings); but I know you will flr.d bits
to please you. and it pleases me to
send It to you. Breathe up some soft
• ea air for me — Rowers, fruits, sunshine
and sea a!r — why murt I live inland so
much?"
"LOS AXGELES. May 6. 1SOC.
dusk-fcro-vred Roman. The early emi
grants to the New "World, -whether
they landed at Plymouth or on the
chores of Chesapeake Bay, were crafts
irtn or traders,- or soldiers, or (arm
proprietors, or tenants, or men of gen
tle blood, who came to- America In pur
suit of freedom or fortune, and among
them was rot included any great num
ber of unskilled laborers. The need of
liewtrs of wood and drawers of water
v.?£ supplied by white convicts and by
kidnaped Africans, and in the early
part of the eighteenth century the lash,
was applied to the back o-f labor, as ;.
fre-ly and us frequently -In Connectly".
cut as in Carolina. >-«? '
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALU
15
RECOLLECTIONS AND REFLECTIONS
OF THOMAS FITCH
JOIT BOSENBERCKS. .y.
Why Not fljb
Have One
Of These to Fit Your jfl|f
New Easter Dress Over? fli||§'
Dressmakers and man tailors are de- /;jffi|«^fl|teij\
lighted when they can fit over these, a^^J^gg^
because it helps to make a perfect fit- l|p§^$PA
ting dress. "Lady Maurie" perfect fit- - '^Tv?t\;f^i
ting bustle and hip form. Invisible
when worn! Light in weight Vcnti-
i;jj*£|v, lated and reversible. In three different
sizes, for slender, medium and stout
/w/^- j forms.
] L Joe Rosenberg's
A '//M^ ' The Form Builder i; :
£^V*XV 816MarKctSL 11 OTarrcIl SL
- *5^^^<B^. _,^S Ami fox ZUL VXDA COSSETS. " -THE SAN FRANCTSCO StJKDAT CALU .
16LONDON. March 19. — Edwin A.
Abbey is hard at work on his painting
of the coronation. The King gave him
several sittings this week.
Kins: Sits For Portrait.
PARIS, March 19. — Charles Joseph
Stanislaus Sienkiewicz, a nephew of
the distinguished Polish novelist ; of
that surname, after a notable career
as a spendthrift has got Into the Paris
courts through trying to open a large
notion store without capital. An aunt
living here has made formal applica
tion to have a guardian appointed for
the. youth. In her petition as proof
of his need of a guardian she mentions
many instances of his extravagances.
HifVish Novelist In Trouble.
PARIS, March 19. — An editorial has
drawn attention to French chemists
mistaking English and American pre
scriptions and substituting grams
for grains with ->rrible results in cases
where -belladonna, strychnine,,, etc., are
used. M ¦ letters here appeared in
the newspapers as a result of the cor
respondence that It is dangerous to
submit rescrlptions to other than
chemists with English or American
diplomas, speaking English fluently.
Correspondents cite many disastrous
cases.
Chemists' Errors Fatal.
LONDON. March 19:— The British
House of Commons no longer is what
it used to be. In many respects it
has fallen upon evil times. Once it
was "the best club in Europe." Now
adays it is "a collection of nobodies."
There wa^ a time when oratory was
an art cultivated ( there. At the pres
ent day not even the conversational
method of debate is held In honor, and
members make long, tedious speeches,
which : are intended, not so much - for
the ear of the House of Commons as
to meet the eye of the electors of
Mudhampton ;in. ( the columns" of their
locul newspaper. All this and much
more to the same effect is what one
hears In : parliamentary London at
every turn. Nobody treats the jere
miads seriously.
England's Parliament Is So Longer
¦-, Considered the "Best Club
NOBODIES RULE THE
HOUSE OF COMMONS
The widening of London bridge, the
$500,000 contract for which was be
gun two years ago, is about completed.
The improved bridge is eleven and
one-half feet wider than the old one.
Eight people will be able to walk
abreast on the path and the roadway
will accommodate four lines of traffic.
The second scheme Is for a similar
line, costing $125,000 a mile, from the
houses ' of Parliament to Putney
bridge, along t'.-.e Chelsea embank
ment.
The schemes were laid before the
traffic commission this week. The
first consists of a twelve-mile overhead
line, costing $500,000 per mile, from
the Royal Oak to the Albert and Vic
toria docks, via Camden town, with
branch lines to Willesden, Stepney and
Limehouse.
LONDON, March 19. — London is
offered monorails as a solution of the
traffic problem. Two schemes, each
costing over $10,000,000. have been
prepared by F. B. Berhe, inventor of
the monorail system, which it is pro
posed to construct between Manches
ter. Liverpool and London.
Inventor Berhi of London Proposes
Two Systems for England's
Metropolis.
MONORAIL FOR RAPID
TRANSIT IS PROPOSED
About that time the Mikado hap
pened to be in great need of a man
who could interpret English for him
and somebody thought of Hayashi.
The condemned rebel was taken from
his cage and performed the task so
well that the Mikado pardoned him and
made him imperial interpreter. At
that time there were only five or six
Japanese who could speak English.
The revolt was put down and the
revolutionists, Hayashi and the rest
were turned over to the "lord high
executioner," who put them in iron
cages until he got ready to cut their
heads off.
LONDON, March 19.— Viscount
Hayashi, the Japanese Minister to
Great Britain, spent several years at
the University of London and returned
to his own country in time to take
part in the rebellion of the reaction
ists, between 1865 and 1§6S.
Viscount Hnyashi Is Taken From Con
demned Cell and Made
Imperial Interpreter.
KNOWLEDGE OF ENGLISH,
LANGUAGE SAVED HIM
The -piano instantly struck up in a
very lively fashion a scherzo by
Chopin. The woman had nothing to
do with the playing, for her hand
merely rested on the keyboard.
MOSCOW, March 19. — Two Spirit
ualists named Bitroff and Speranska.
both mediums, gave a seance here at
which were present a. number of peo
ple, who say these thing3 happened:
Soon after a circle was formed the
table began to tip and its edges glowed
with a strange light.
Presently Mr. Bitroff went into a
trance, stood up, took Mr. Speranska
by the hand, and led him to a por
trait of Chopin, the famous composer
of music. Suddenly the same light,
something like an electric glow, illu
mined the picture for a moment.
Mr. Speranska asked a woman pres
ent to place a hand on the piano. She
,did so.
Then he put one of his hands on her
head and the other, on the portrait,
whereupon the light shone out of the
portrait.
Light Glows Over Portrait nnd Piano
Plays While Influence Is
- Over Composer.
WORK OF MEDIUM AWES
ASSEMBLAGE AT MOSCOW
¦ BERLIN, March 19.— At a recent
meeting of the Berlin section of the
German Merchants' League, in which
the dressmaking and dry goods trades
were .most strongly represented: the
possibility of a distinctive German
style' was discussed. A committee was
appointed which will report its find
ings to the next meeting. .
• An authority upon U»e drapery
trades, whose opinion was yesterday
invited, laughed openly at the idea
of German fashions. The strength of
Germany, he said, lay in the direction
of- workmanship and adaptability. In
any attempt to invent fashions of her
own she would be doomed to failure.
¦¦, France was not only artistic, he said,
but its capital was the fashionable
metropolis of the world. The result
was, that ,the designing of the decora
tive side of the drapery "trades lies in
French hands; the light goods which
are most easily changed by fashion are
French In design,\ though sometimes
they are made in Germany.
The only claim which Germany pos
sesses'to be. considered a fashion-mak
er Is summed up as follows: If one
of these' designs is successful it is
copied more cheaply in the East End
of London. The German, however,
cannot complain, for the original de
sign is not really his. , ,.
London Merchants • Say Teutonic
Style Will Not Be Suc
cessful. '¦
ENGLAND LAUGHS AT
. i BERLIN'S FASHION IDEAS
VILLA IN ROME OCCU
: PIED BY THE AMERI
CAN ART ACADEMY.
Flammarion, the astronomer, has
written a rejoinder to. Poincare, mar
shaling his proofs that the Galilean
theory is right and that "Brother"
Jasper was deluded.
' PARIS, March 19. — Three learned
men of Europe now range themselves
on the side of "Brother" Jasper, the
negro preacher who died in Rich
mond, Va., still declaring "The sun
do move." When Pasquier and
Flamache, two Belgian scientists; re
cently asserted that there never had
been absolute proof of Galileo's say
ing. "The earth moves," the laughter
in France Was as the laughter in
America at Rev. Mr. Jasper.
Now no less a personage than M.
Poincare, president of the Astronomi
cal Society of France, takes sides with
the Belgian deniers of astronomical
orthodoxy. The matter now takes on
a more serious aspect. Solemn dis
cussers of grave subjects have taken
this up to see whether accepted no
tions on the motion of the earth are
visionary.
French Astronomer Arjrues That the
Luminary Is Not a Fixed
Body.
SCIENTIST NOW DECLARES
THAT TILE SUN MOVES
Asked why the beauty doctor should
flourish so at present, a specialist said
to me, "Society life kills beauty more
quickly than the ravages of sickness.
The increased number of London func
tions necessitating late hours, the phy
sical exertions of dancing parties and
the sudden change of temperature from
a hot room to a' foggy London street
late at night, cause a young society
woman's beauty to fade before it has
had time to reach its natural stage of
development and their only alternative
is to appeal to the specialist or look pre
maturely old." Without artificial aid it
is said that the society girl who "goes
the pace" could not retain her beauty
for more than two seasons. For this
reason some of the more sensible moth
ers refuse to "present" their daughters
until they have reached rather mature
years, because immediately a girl is
"presented" she is expected to be seen
forthwith at all important functions.
In the case of older women, .wrinkles
have to be removed, dimples have to be
preserved and the eyebrows have to be
kept beautiful by a regular application
of oxide of mercury and lard. The pro
cess of fixing false eyelashes is one of
the most difficult and delicate of the
specialist's operations. The hair has to
be threaded through the eyelid with a
fine needle. The job when properly
done is worth $150. Most of the spe
cialists at present operating in London
are of continental origin, the elite of
the profession coming from Paris.
What is known as the London season
is their harvest and when things slow
down the smaller fry do a bit at clair
voyance, assuming a different name
and a different establishment.
It is not generally kndwn that the
wedding of pretty Lady Marjorie Gre
ville was celebrated on a date much
earlier than that originally set In order
that the bride's mother, the Countess of
" Warwick, might be present. This
SOCIETY KILLS BEAUTS".
a year.
This patronage of her Majes'ty has
had a stimulating effect on the work
of the beauty doctors with the result
that Bond street and its adjacent busi
ness thoroughfares are now • honey
combed with establishments where
youth and, beauty are guaranteed to be
maintained for an Indefinite period at
a fixed price. It is considered that $500
a year is a moderate sum for a society
beauty to pay in order to have her face,
neck and shoulders occasionally
treated.
low the lead. The perennial youth and
beauty of Queen Alexandra is not alto
gether the work of nature. The world
knows that she is herself an artist In
the domain of "make-up," but in spite
of this fact she has been for years in
the hands^ of the beauty doctor. A lady
accomplished in < the art constantly
travels with her when she is any dis
tance from London and it is understood
that she receives for her services $3000
Misfortune seems to attend the Ro3
slyns whenever they embark on money
making ventures, for it is unsuccessful
speculation that has brought tho Dow
ager Countess to her present condition.
where she estimates her assets at $79O.
000. arid her liabilities at almost J-'GO.ono.
The Countess, who, before her marriage,
was Miss Blanche Adeliza Fitzroy, the
prily daughter of a Northamptonshire
squire, owes her stockbrokers alone al
most $30,000. Her losses were incurred
for the most part on the London Ex
change, but she sunk $o3,000 in South
African speculation. Her house in
fashionable Park Lane, the furniture of
which is partly her property and partly
that of Lord Rosslyn. la now rented
and brings, it is said. $1150 a year. The
first meeting of the Dowager Countess's
creditors was held at the Bankruptcy
Court last September when a postpone
ment was asked for until November — it
being: promised that, aa scon as the
noblewoman's affairs could be straight
ened out a friend would come forward
with $100,000 for payment of creditors at
the rate of $1 "3 on the pound. In the
interval, however, the Countess fell ill.
and her public examination wa» po*t>
poned again,
Probably Lord Rosslyn. who acted in
the United States under his stage nama
of James Erskine and who was the cor
respondent of a London newspaper
through the South African war, now
regrets more than ever that his famous
"system" for breaking the bank at
Monte Carlo proved such a dismal fail
ure. For, were his Lordship's finances
in as flourishing a condition as he
hoped they would be by this time, he
would be able to give his distinguished
mother a hand in her present business
difficulties.
ROSSLYN'S MISFORTUNES.
The co-operation of . the Duchess of
Marlborough, Viscountess Deerhurst
and a few other American ladies have
changed all this and the society is now
in a position to do good practical work.
The Duchess of Marlborough has al
ways helped with her purse, but now
both she and Viscountess Deerhurst
take a personal interest in all its work
—they attend meetings of the commit
tee, offer suggestions' and receive mis
sion ladies attached to churches and
schools, and they express the greatest
delight when they learn that some suf
fering is alleviated or a si3ter rescued
from a life of moral danger. It is most
ly through the influence of Lady Henry
Somerset that the Duchess of Marl
borough has been led to take such an
active interest in the work of the
society.
est in the work of English society ladies
who like to be described as social re
formers. The National Union of Women
Workers, the organization with which
the Duchess is chiefly identified just
now, is not a trade union, as its name
would suggest, but an institution sup
ported by such women as Lady Henry
Somerset, the Countess of Warwick,
Lady Dilke and a number of other well
known society ladies, for the purpose
of encouraging and improving the con
ditions under which all classes of
women live and especially to raise them
morally and socially. The organization
has been working quietly, for the last
three years very little being heard of it
because its financial condition was not
particularly healthy.
During the first empire, when Napo
leon's admirers expected he would com
plete the- conquest- of. Europe, the
dresses of the ladies of the court often
were braided in hussar fashion. It
would appear that the fashion is about
to be revived in a modified form. Gold
braid and gilt buttons are seen on all
sides' and- occasionally epaulettes.
Should these come in seriously .as a
fashion the sloping shoulder will dis
appear and slender waists once more
be essenial.
A New York dressmaker, now In
Paris, in an interview asserts the ne
cessity of copying Parisian models, but
says modifications are necessary be
cause Americans want dresses closely
fitting. The competition Is less keen
here than In America, Paris houses
having different specialties. He_claims
the " Americans* are the best dressed
women In the world,' but admits that
the Perislennes are. more careful in re
gard to corsets than Americans.
Recent attempt to dethrone the gold
chain purses from the position they
occupy in a smart woman's outfit seem
to have failed, for they are seen as
much as ever in the Rue de Paix. The
latest form, however, is curious. This
is a mascot purse, thoroughly Parisian;
It is shaped, like a little pig and can
be carried easily in the hand. It will
hold. 500 or 600 francs in gold.
PARIS. March 19.— Whether owing to
a press campaign or a desire for novel
ty,, quite a revolution has taken, place
in theater hats, many smart women
wearing a small, close fitting bonnet.
These are made of jet and have a sim
ple aigrette on one side of the front
and a large Alsatian bow of Trille vel
vet, with aigrette.
Fashion As Prescribed in Paris Says
That It Will Be a Close- .
Fitting Bonnet.
NEW THEATER HAT
IS AX INNOVATION
'M. Provost cites as instances cases
of wanton torture of children by par
ents and brutality on vessels of the
codfishing fleet. The masters of these
vessels when at home in Brittany J.o
all appearances are respectable and
humane.
PARIS, March 19. — "For thg elimi
nation of savagery, , bloodthirstiness
and ferocity from the human race,
find a serum as for any other disease."
That is the conclusion to which
Marcel Prevost cornea in discussing
the causes of the war in the Far East.
He argues that the diplomats on both
sides would have averted hostilities,
but that the working classes in Japan,
enraged because the price of rice has
doubled, sought an outlet for their
fury.
"Useless," he holds, "are courts of
arbitration and shepherds inclined to
ward peace, if their flocks are as
ravening wolves.... The_.jcxjm.njoi> man
must have respect* for life and feel
aversion to suffering ' before wars
cease." ;
Marcel Prevost Points Out Causes
That Lead to Strife Be
tween Nations.
DECLARES THAT LOVE
OP WAR IS DISEASE
AMERICANS AGGRIEVED.
The "tale," mentioned above, is al
ways prefaced with an "I am told," and
has not yet left the region of "on dits,"
but there seems to be no doubt that this
visit of the King and Queen to the
academy has caused considerable
heartburn in the American colony, es
pecially among the ladies, each of
whom considered that she had a special
and peculiar claim to be present, while
in reality only Mrs. Meyer, the Embas
sador's wife, and Mrs. Mowbray, the
wife of the director, were Viere, with
the avowed idea of not offending any
one by picking and choosing. Thus the
residents feel hurt, but the traveling
American is positively enraged, as the
accepted idea is that all the American
officials are here to cater to their
amusement and comfort, and that they
should not introduce them to their
Majesties when at an American insti
tute is an unimaginable affront. As
there are now perhaps 5000 Americans
passing through the city, and as no lady
can be asked to meet the Queen who
has not been presented, such claims
have to be ignored.
The academy is now. for the moment,
without a director, as Mr. Mowbray has
just left for America, and a new one
has not yet been i appointed. The de
parture of Mr. ' Mowbray has caused
much regret in the colony, as both he
and his wife were immensely popular
and did everything possible, not only
for the students, but for strangers who
called upon them, putting themselves
to considerable trouble that their
compatriots might see the famous
"Aurora."
institution here of any kind has been
opened by the sovereign.
The King, it must be confessed. Is not
an art connoisseur, but the Queen loves
and knows good work when. she sees
it, eo that Ehe lingered long by those
of the exhibits which touched her
fancy, and which were, in fact, the
best. There were sixty paintings, chief
among them being the reproduction of
the Pinturicchios of the Sala Borgia, by
the temporary director, Mr. Mowbray,
for the ceiling of the library of the
University Club of New Tork, and a
decorative panel of the "Three Fates,"
by A. Swartz of Louisville, Ky., holder
of the Lazarus prize; twenty-four
architectural drawings, the finest being
a production of the ceiling of the fa
mous Massimo palace, now inhabited
by the American Princess Brancaccio
(nee Field), by J. W. Hoover; and six
pieces of sculpture, the greater part
from the hand of Charles Keck of New
York, who holds the RInehart prize of
Baltimore. The King paused long be
fore the circular relief of "Achilles
Mourning Patronens," admiring partic
ularly the figure of the great Greek
warrior.
The students in the academy take a
cc-irse cf study of three years, more
with the aim to school the taste and
¦ observe than to produce original work,
the course being entirely for post
graduates, that is, crtists who- are al
ready such ard know the fundamentals
cf their craft. This year, for the first
time, the academy may be said to have
received official recognition from the
authorities here, under the guidance
, of H. Siddons Mowbray, the well known
"New York artist.
The annual exhibition of the work of
the acadTry v.as bo> notable and did
such credit to America that Embassa
dor Meyer, who takes great interest in
the schocl. prayed the King to assist at
the opening. His Majesty not only
accepted the invitation promptly, but
her Majesty was also present. This, of
course, means little to good republi
cans, but in Home, the home of the
academy, it meant much — recognition
by the head of the state, a high com
pliment to America and the American
colony here (thereby hangs a tale), and
the placing of the academy on an
equcllty with the other foreign art
institutes. The occasion was also an
important erne, for the reason that it
«-a* the first time that any American
¦When the building fever broke out,
just after the establishment of Rome
as capital of United Italy, Prince Ludo
vici sold his magnificent villa, piece by
piece, took to building and ruined him
self in the process. The historic trees
were mowed down like corn, but the
casino and an ample garden about it
were preserved. In this historic casino,
with its associations and artistic re
mains, the American Academy has set
tled itself. The grounds are twenty
feet above the surrounding streets and
are about two acres in extent, the huge
c!d trees giving Ehade in summer and a
taste of spring in winter, while they
crtainly produce an "atmosphere" dear
to the artist's heart. The house was
built by a Ludovici. nephew of the Pope
of that ramp, in the days when nepo
tism was a virtue. It contains many
frescoes of value, but above all th«
glorious "Aurora" of Guercino, which
runs that of Guido Reni very close In
the m!nd of art lovers, but, as usual,
it is on a ceiling and requires neck
breaking attitudes to see it, so much
eo that many ladies whose hats are of
fashiorable largeness refuse the gym
nastics and content themselves with
looking at a photograph.
RECOGNITION FROM KING.
The French Academy established by
ihe "Roi Soleil" Is housed in the famous
Villa Me :ici, next to the Pincian drive.
ar:d having gardens quite ss siagnifl
<rent and celebrated; the German is on
the Taxpeian Rock, of terrible memory,
and dominates the town; the Spanish
is on ihe heights of the Janiculum, hav
ing the frowning church of San Pietro
3n Mor.torio above It, celebrated as the
spot where SL Peter suffered martyr
dom by being crucified with his head
down; ard the American is domiciled
in the Casino of the famous Villa Ludo
vic:. inclosed by what is left of the ex
tensive Ludovici gardens, which were
•first known to history as part of the
celebrated domain of Sallust. where the
Romans of, the period amused them
selves in scandalous diversions.
LOCATIONS WELL CHOSEN.
It was small at -*rst compared with
the gTeat a< zdemies of France and
Spain. but it lived and prospered, wid
ened and became more influential, until
Kc-dry. after only nine years since its
inception, it stands proudly on an
equality with the institutions of Euro
pean countries.
ROME, March 19.— News that an
American irideny was about to be
established In Rome created come
amazeme; '. and a good deal of criti
cism in 1S35. But the school appeared,
ne\-ertheles3, under the name of the
"American School of Architecture in
Rome," supported and started by the
architects who had conceived and
brought forth the World's Fair at Chi
cago and their friends, notably 3lr.
McKim. ¦who may be styled the founder
cf the enterprise, and vrho has given
large sums toward it, and is now the
president. The architects were joined
Jn 1837 by the best known (American
sculptors and mural painters, so that
cut of the modest beginning rose the
present "American Academy in Rome."
Sovereigns Both
Delighted at
Display.
LONDON, March 19.— Beauty special
ists are flourishing In fashionable Lon
don at the present moment to an ex
tent little dreamed of by those unac
quainted with the mysterious back re
gions of alleged "millinery" shops and
hair dressers' parlors in Bond street.
Fortunes are being made in the busi
ness and $25,000 a year Is considered a
fairly moderate income for a woman
who has established a reputation for
keeping a society beauty beautiful. The
handsomest "women in society are the
best clients of the beauty specialist,
and as in other matters they only fol-
famous beauty, so celebrated for th«
influence she exercises, for her phil
anthropies and originalities as tv-ell as
for her marvelous business abilities, is
about to become a mother for tha
fourth time. Her youngest child Is tha
Hon. Maynard Greville, aged 6. He is
already a society personage, being la
great demand as wedding page. His
uncommon beauty, set off by a pictur
esque costume of satin and velvet,
makes him an ideal attendant at sucla
functions. -
CONSUELO A REFORMER.
The Duchess of Marlborough 'ately
has commenced to take an active inter-
Society Matrons and Maidens of London Pay
Fabulous Prices to the Enemies of
Wrinkles and "Crowsfeet."
King and Queen
Attend Annual
Opening.
BEAUTY DOCTORS REAP RICH
HARVEST DURING A "SEASON"
Little School Is
Successful at
the Start.
AMERICAN ACADEMY OF ART IN ROME IS NOW FIRMLY ESTABLISHED
AND ALREADY RANKS AS AN EQUAL OF THE EUROPEAN INSTITUTIONS
Pages 1 7 to 20
SAN FRANCISCO, * SUNDAY, MARCH 20, 1904.
Pages 17 to 20The first excursion of the season by
an organization of the Druids will be
that of Pnciflc Grove of this city to
Schuetzen Park. San Jose, on Sunday,
March 27. The train that is to carry
the excursionists will leave the depot
at 9:15 in the morning and leave the
park for this city at 6 p. m.
Druidic Order.
On the seventh sleep of the worm
moon Great Pocahontas Minnie Belts
Altahomas Tribe of the Improved Or
der of Red Men at its 'meeting on the
second Wednesday in March conferred
the warriors' degree on candidates in a
very impressive manner. This tribe
will, as soon as Chairman Nathan of
the committee on musical talent con
cludes his* progressive report, have a
first-class quartet to render the music
incidental the degrees, which Is a
beautiful feature of a most beautiful
ceremony.
The first entertainment and ball given
by Walla Walla Tribe of the I.-TX R.
M. in Franklin Hall on the second Sat
urday in March was a decided success
from the p'oint of number of people
who attended and the excellence of the
programme of vocal and instrumental
music and specialties presented for the
entertainment of the members and in
vited guests.' The first part of , the pro
gramme was followed by dancing for
two hours. ...
The Red Men:
On the night of March 21 the local
circles of the Companions of the For
est of America will have a large class
initiation In Golden Gate Hall, when
it is expected 200 strangers will be
initiated by a special team,, of which
the principal officers will be: Mamie
Schoen of Robin Hood Circle, chief
companion: Mrs. P. Gottlieb of Martha
Washington Circle, sub-chief; Mrs. M.
Lemme of New Century Circle, junior
past chief; Margaret Forest of Inter
Nos Circle, right guide; Miss Philips,
left guide; Mrs. Addie M. Smith, inside
giiardian; E. H. Chamberlain of Bonita
Circle, outside guardian. Grand offi
cers of the order, will be In attendance
and will occupy stations on the stage
during the ceremony of initiation, and
at the close of the ceremony the grand
chief companion, or in case of her in
ability to be present the next highest
*rand officer present will proclaim- the
strangers members of the order, of
the several circles in which they have
American Foresters.
During the afternoon of the first
Tuesday in March George H. Thomas
Circle, Ladies of the Grand Army of
the Republic, held a meeting In Elks'
Hall. The meeting was attended by
the- department president, Mrs. Belinda
S. Bailey, and her staff and a number
of visitors from other circles. After
the business of the session there were
remarks by ' the department president
upon the growth of the "baby" circla
and there were also talks by others.
The Idea of the ladies' organization
holding afternoon instead of night ses
sions was favorably commented .on.
Mrs. Abbie E. Krebs. national secre
tary, gave, an interesting account of
her recent visit to; St. Louis and Miss
Lillian Smitten and Mrs. Wisher ren
dered piano duets, after which* Miss
Hassenmuiler entertained with a piano
recital. At the close of the programme
tea was served and Mrs. Jay Beach
presented the circle ¦ a generous con
tribution of home-made French candy.
Comrade Hassenmuiler of George H.
Thomas Post, G. A. R.y has been made
an honorary member of the circle, in
Grind Army Ladies.
On the evening of the second Wed
nesday in March Mrs. Alma I. Jensen,
president of the California Rebekah As
sembly, paid an official visit to Oriental
Rebekah Lodge No. 90. For the occa
sion the hall was decorated with red
hearts equal in number to the mem
bership of the lodge, "to express," said
the noble grand, Mrs. Clarke, "the in
dividual heartfelt love of the member
ship for the head of the order." In
addition to more than 200 members of
the order present there were in attend
ance the following named officers of
the assembly, in addition to the presi
dent: Treasurer Anna M. Howe, Chap
lain Byrd Tregaskis, Inside Guard Mrs.
Mary E. Barnes and District Deputy
Mrs. Flora Bergman and her staff. The
evening was pleasantly spent, and at
the close of the business there were
a number of addresses and the presen
tation of a magnificent Etruscan vase
to the president, after which there was
the serving of a collation, which was
followed by dancing.
On the evening of the second Thurs
day in March John T. Gibson, a promi
nent member of the Odd Fellows and
of Jubilee Rebekah Lodge, was ten
dered a complimentary banquet by' the
members of the lodge named as a mark
of appreciation of the good work he
has' done for the lodge since it has
been instituted. The anniversary of his
birth was the date chosen and there
was a jolly gathering in a downtown
rotisserie to greet him, congratulate
him and thank him for what he has
done. During the evening he was pre
sented with a large floral heart. Those
who attended this function were Mr.
and Mrs. John T. Gibson, Gertrude J.
Perry, Miss L. Morrison, Minnie F.
Dobbin, Nina Sheldon, Priscilla Munro,
The Rebekahs.
The twelfth anniversary of Carita
Chapter, Alameda, was celebrated last
week, and it was a very pleasant affair.
A delegation from San Francisco, un
der the leadership of East Grand Treas
urer Mrs. Etta Huer, attended. A'fea
ture was a talk on the Philippines and
the people thereof, and an exhibition of
many curios from the islands. .There
was after that a programme of enter
tainment and a banquet.
Olive Branch Chapter will have seven
candidates to initiate at Its next meet
ing. The chapter has appointed Joseph
H. Rosenberg, Miss A. M. Reed, Mrs.
Miller, Mrs. Goldsmith and. Mrs. Silver
stone a committee to arrange for the
anniversary ball to be given during the
month of May. '
with shamrock. A large delegation
from the new chapter in Mill Valley
was in attendance.
MASONIC OFFICIALS
AND WELL-KNOWN
FRATERNAL WOMEN.
The smoker given by Burnaby Lodge
of the Sons of St. George on the night
of the second Saturday in March in
Laurel Hall of the Shiels building was
attended by. about three hundred of
the'order and invited guests. The hall
was tastefully decorated "with the
British and American colors. During
the evening there was a liberal dis
tribution j of corncob pipss, tobacco
and cigars, and between num
bers refreshments were served.
David Johns, president of the lodge,
was the chairman of the evening, and
he was assisted by J. E. Potter, P. C.
Woodhouse, A. D. Allison, W. Sawyer
and H. W. Gerrans. The programme,
a very interesting one^as those given
by this lodge always are, included the
following numbers:
Piano selection, H. W. Gerrans;
barytone solo. J. Lester; vocal selec
tions. St. George Glee Club of Albion
Lodge. Oakland; comic song, C. H.
Singleton; selections on the accordion,
T. Taylor; ba?s solo, W. Wood; selec
tions from Skakespeare, R. Leach;
comic song, Al Bentley; three-round
boxing contests, Jim Young vs. Pete
Sullivan. Al Young vs. "Young Terry
McCovern, Western Al Smith vs. Jim
Brown; comic boxing match, Chris
Hanscn vs. Ole Hansen, the "Fighting"
Dutchmen— contests contributed by
members of Hawthorne Athletic Club;
remarks. Secretary Robert J. Airey;
ba?3 solo, Hugh Williamson; mono
logue, E. C. Stock; song and dance, L.
La Pago; barytone selection, H. W.
Gerrans: "A few stories," R. Leach.
Sons of St. George.
The Board of Relief of the Native Sons
of the Golden West has appointed the
following named a committee to ar
range a grand military display and ath
letic touranment to be given in the Me
chanics' Pavilion Friday evening. May
20: E. J. Lynch of Pacific Parlor,
George W. Gerhard of Dolores Parlor,
Abraham Mayer of California Parlor,
J. Flynn of San' Francisco Parlor, Jo
seph S. Earles of Precita Parlor, Percy
L. Badt of Army -and Navy Parlor,
Harry I. Mahoney of Dolores Parlor
and M. Josephson of Presidio Parlor.
The Board of Relief is well known by
reason of the charitable work in which
it is engaged. The great success of the
entertainment it gave in the Sutro
Baths about three years ago leads the
committee to believe that its efforts
this year will even be a greater suc
cess. The local Turn Verelns,. the
Olympic Club, the Pacific Athletic As
sociation and several of the local mili
tary companies will take part in the af r
fair and help the committee along.
The next entertainment to be given
by the Native Sons' literary and social
committee, on the night of Wednesday.
March 23. in Native Sons' Hall, will be
under the auspices of Nlantic Parlor,
when Dr. U. E. Krenz will be the chair
man of the evening. The programme
will include vaudeville numbers con
tributed by Raymond and Donahue.
Raymond Sederbloom of the Albion
Club,, Nat Phillips and Miss Adele Da
vis, to be followed by a one-act com
edy, "April Fools." by Arthur Neat, W.
F. Cody and Allen Stanford. Then
there will be dancing for two hours.
Daniel A. Ryan, T. P. Martin, H. F.
Dam and A. F. Williams have been
elected by Pacific Parlor as delegates
to the Grand Parlor. !*
Native Sons.
District Deputy Grand Matron Mrs.
Elizabeth Christenson paid an official
visit to Beulah Chapter, South Sau
Francisco, last week and at 8 o'clock,
the usual hour for opening, found all
the officers at their stations and a larjjo
number of members present. It was
an executive session and the visit was
one of instruction and suggestions for
the further advancement of this chap
ter, which has of late been making re
markable .progress.
The same week the same officer paid'
a visit officially to Ivy Chapter and
there was most cordially received. This
meeting was also an Instructive one.
On the" evening of March 22 this chap
ter will have seven candidates* to in
itiate and after the work there will be
an old-fashioned New England supper
for the new members, the older; ones
and the visitors. It will be served in
down East style by Yankee girls and
will be under the direction of Mesdames
Lottie Lucas, Ahlers, Barnes, Gray.
Hendry, , Kellogg, Lewis, Lockwood,
Maxon, McKay, McLaughlin, Merthens.
Powell, Stadtmuller,' Tisdale, Versalo
vlch, Wallis and Wapple.
Past Grand Matron Annie Krebs will
deliver an illustrated lecture in Lyric
Hall/ March 21, for the benefit of the
Council of Women.
Mission Council initiated seven stran
gers at its last held meeting, ; after
which . all partook of a supper I in '.the
hail, which was tastefully, decorated
Eastern Star.
Jeanette Howell, Alexina Wells, Mrs.
Wells, Qabrielle Gress, Mrs. W. Ham
ilton, Mrs. A. Ogden, Mrs. D. Werner,
Mrs. A. Noy, Carrie Pesanti, Dr.
Blanche Sanborn, Blanche Bouvier,
Alma Wallace, Violet Spaulding, Helen
McDonough, Mrs. M. Perry, Mary
Mooney, Lucetta Perry, Kitty Downing,
Dolly Kent, Allie Ashburn, Miss Mac
key, E. Warren, I. L. Hupman, 6.
Whitney, M. Aspe, M. Rountree,' J.
Hutchings, George Agden, H. Madigan',
H. K. Wolff, E. Moss, B.- Gibson, W.
Hamilton, M. Glise and Dr.' Chargo.
Mission Rebekah Lodge has- for
some time past been actively at work
promoting the social feature of the
order. At every meeting there 'is
"something doing" for the . entertain
ment of 'the members. On the even
ing of the 26th inst. the lodge will give
an entertainment at an open meeting
in its lodge rooms, Excelsior Hall, on
Mission street, when there will be a
good programme of music, songs and
recitations, after which there will be
dancing. Icecream and cakes will be
served. On the night of April 22 this
lodge will give an entertainment and
dance in Hinman'a Hall. These func
tions are given under the auspices of
the entertainment committee, Mrs.
Miller, Mrs. Pollock and M. Trow
bridge.
Templar Rebekah Lodge at its meet
ing March 12 decided to recommend
Mrs. Dora L. Baker for the, office of
district deputy for San Francisco, vice
Mrs. Flora Bergman, whose term will
expire with the next session of the
assembly.
The ball given in Native Sons' Hall
by Flora Bergman, district deputy, as
sisted by the local Rebekah lodges, in
aid of the Odd Fellows' Home, was a
great success, the hall being crowded
with as many as could enter it. There
were nearly 300 couples In the grand
march. Captain M. A. Samuels was
the floor manager and Henry W. Ost
hoff his assistant. .The ball will pro
duce a neat sum for the wards of the
order.
paid an official -visit to the tepee of
Seneca Council, which had been most
beautifully decorated with flowers and
green boughs. After the work of the
sleep there were interesting talks for
the good of the council and the presen
tation of a beautiful crystal bowl to
the visiting chief and flowers to Alice
Goodall, the district deputy, as tokens
of sisterly love. In her long talk the
great Pocahontas complimented Miss
G. Garrlgues, the Pocahontas of the
tribe, and her chiefs for the excellent
manner in which they presented the
adoption work.
The committee that has charge of
making the arrangements for the
masquerade ball to be given April 9, in
Native Sons' Hall, by Modoc Tribe,
have assurances that the affair will be
the grandest and most successful of its
kind ever given by a tribe of the order.
From indications it is likely that not
less than two thousand people will at
tend the ball. '
J. N. Bunting, for many years
deputy for the National Union in Cali
fornia, has tendered his resignation on
the ground that his health does not
permit him to engage in work that
demands his attention during nights.
Joseph A. Wilson, past president of
El Capitan Council, one of the most
active men in the order in San Fran
cisco, is an applicant for the position
to be vacated and his petition for ap
pointment is being signed by the mem
bers of the San Francisco Cabinet and
many of the prominent members of
the order.
California Council at Its meeting
last week transacted business in short
order, then opened its doors to its
lady relatives and friends, when, un
der the direction of Speaker Ker, there
was presented for their entertainment
an excellent programme of high-class
music, specialties and selections by the
California Quartet.
Columbia Assembly of the Ladies of
the National Union will give a Japan
ese tea party in the -banquet hall of
the Red Men's building on the even
ing of March 24, on which occasion
there will be a Japanese drill, mu3ic
of the Orient, the assembly's Poobah,
"Japanese will be Rushin'," and tea
will be served by geisha girls. All the
councils of the National Union have
been invited.
National Union.
Grand President Stella Finkeldey will
officially visit Occidental, March 2Z;
Redding, March 31; Pinole. April 1. and
Livermore, April IS. The grand secre
tary has been invited to accompany the
grand president on some of these visits.
At the request of thi grand president
Grand Secretary Frakes, in compai.y
o? Hannah Bailey, paid an official visit
last week to OUvlna Parlor at Alva
rado. The visitors were cordially re
ceived and a pleasant evening was
spent
The trouble that has existed for som#
time in Alta Parlor. N. D. O. \V.. and
the trial of charges against one of tha
members was brought to a sudden stop
last week by a communication from the
grand president to the effect that an
appeal stays all proceedings pending
the decision on the appeal. There ar*
about a dozen appeals in the case.
Sans Souci Parlor will give an enter
tainment and dance In Its meeting place
in Odd Fellows' building on the nigat
of April 11-
The new banners to be used by thes
parlors of the order, which are belns
lithographed on satin, will be ready
for distribution in about sixty days.
Native Daughters.
There was a good attendance at Ein
tracht Hall on the second Saturday in
March to take part in the grand mas
querade ball given by Uniform Rank.
Golden West Division No. 13. There
were many pretty and some decidedly
unique costumes. The grand march was
a very attractive feature of the even
ing. The affair was under the direction
of the committee of arrangements,
composed of C. E. Montgomery, chair
man; Grant C. Freeman, L. W. Coffey,
George C Morgan, George Seegar. Wil
liam Perry. T. Tapphorn and C. L. Me-
Cord. T. Tapphorn was the floor man
ager and G. C. Freeman his assistant.
At the State convention of the
Knights of the Maccabees of Califor
nia recently held in Los Angeles ninety
tents were represented, and the most
important work was the organization
and institution of a Great Camp, which
will place the order in this State a little
further in advance from a fraternal
standpoint than it has been for some
time. The following is a complete list
of the Grand Camp officers chosen for
the first term: Great past commander.
H. L. Tickner of San Francisco; great
camp commander, S. W. Hall of San
Francisco; lieutenant commander, Ar
thur Wright of Los Angeles; record
and finance keeper, E. M. Guthrie of
Los Angeles; physician, H. H. Look at
Sacramento; chaplain, T. J. Brenner
of Riverside; sergeant, C. G. Freeman
of San Francisco; master at arms, M.
F. Hall of San Jose: first master of
guards, F. H. Shewman; second master
of guards, A. H. Foster of Santa Cruz;
sentinel, A. L. Healey of Stockton;
picket, W. R. Brisco of San Diego;
auditors — E. I. Moody of Pasadena. C.
F. Durfee of Santa Ana and F. H.
Naillie of San Bernardino; executive
committee — H. L. Tickner, S. W. Hall
and E. M. Guthrie.
Great Commander Hall and Great
Record and Finance Keeper Guthrie
were chosen 33 delegates from this
jurisdiction to the Supreme Camp to
be held in Detroit, Mich., next July.
The next session of the Great Camp
will be held three years hence at a
place to be designated by the executive
committee of the Great Camp.
While the Knights were in session the
Ladies of the Maccabees held their
third annual State convention in the
same city. The following named wera
chosen as the officers for the current
term: Past lady commander, Jennie
Weaver of Los Angeles; lady com
mander. State Commander Minnie W.
Aydelotte: lieutenant commander, Eliz
abeth Gibbs, Oakland Hive No. 14; rec
ord keeper, Nellie G. Geddis. Sacramen
to Hive No. 9: finance keeper, Lucile
Markel, Riverside Hive No. 5; chaplain.
Helene Herr, Pasadena Hive No. 6: ser
geant, Isabel Harmon. California Ban
ner Hive No. 3; matron-at-arms, Helena
Galbraith, Santa Ana Hive No. 7; sen
tinel, Ida Leroy, San Francisco Hive
No. 8; picket, Martha Milmine, Arrow
head Hive No. 27; B. B. No. 1, Harriet
G. Walters. Crescent Hive No. 63; B. B.
No. 2, Grace Dunlop. Kern Hive No. 68;
B. B. No. 3. Edith M. Kreiss, Argonaut
Hive No. 59.
The Maccabees.
recognition of . the assistance he ren
dered in its institution.
The valentine party recently given
by James A. Garfleld Corps, W. R. C,
in its hal! was a very pleasant affair.
There were present nearly all the mem
bers of the corps and visitors from sub
ordinates in this city and in Oakland.
During the evening the membership of
Meade Corps and a delegation from
Lincoln Post, G. A. R.. headed by Com
mander Hinkley and Past Commander
Cohn, visited the corps. Many pleas
ant, cordial and fraternal words were
spoken, and these, together with an en
tertaining programme of music and
song, offered by the host corps, made
the occasion one of mutual pleasure.
applied for membership. The ceremo
nies will be fallowed by an address for
the good of the order by the highest
officer present, after which there will
be a ball to last two hours. Miss Agnes
D. Breraer has been selected as the
floor manager for that occasion.
Court Seal Rock, F. of A., will give
a dance to its members and invited
guests in its hall in the Pythian Castle
cm the night of April 9. The court
holds its annual picnic this year at
Fairfax Park on May 1.
Junior Court Pride Golden West had
an enthusiastic meeting last week and
after the close of business had an en
tertainment for the members. There
was a good programme of varied num
bers, after which a collation was
served.
Grand Senior Woodward Root and
Past Grand Chief Ranger Hughes paid
a visit to Court Pride of Marysville, in
Marysville, last week, on which oc
casion there were at least 150 members
of the order to witness the initiation
of fourteen strangers. The event was
followed by a banquet at Turner Hall.
This was the official visit of Grand
Senior Woodward Root, and at the
close of the banquet cheers were
given for "Brother Root, the coming
grand chief ranger."
At a recent meeting of Court Alisal,
at Pleasanton, after the routine busi
ness there was a mock trial for the
entertainment of the members and
visitors. Ed. Hanson, one of the best
natured members of the court, was
charged with "conduct unbecoming a
Forester in the use of certain words
at a banquet." The accused, of course,
pleaded "not guilty" and, after hearing
the evidence on both sides, he said that
he was in grave doubts about the mat
ter, that he did not recollect having
used the words attributed, but that he
was ready to offer an apology, which
was: "If I said anything that I am
sorry for. I'm glad of it." The jury
was unable to give a verdict, so the
matter ended and all went to banquet
hall, where they enjoyed a collation.
Club Pride of California, composed of
members of Junior Court Pride of Cali
fornia, will give a picnic July 17.
Arrangements have been almost com
pleted for the meeting of the Grand
Court at Hanford. The committee of
arrangements, consisting of many of
the most prominent officials and mer
chants, through its executive commit
tee. William Abbott, chairman of the
city Trustees; C. J. Fleming, A. M.
Fredericks and J. F. Johnston, the lat
ter as secretary, have made .prepara
tions for the proper entertainment of
the grand officers and representatives
when not engaged with the business of
the cession. The committee has ordered
1000 souvenir badges, and has engaged
a band of twenty pieces to perform
every day the Foresters shall be in
the city. On Monday, May 2, the visit
ors will be received at the depot and,
with music, escorted to their head
quarters; Tuesday there will be a re
ception and parade and an address of
welcome by the Mayor, or, in his ab
sence, by the president of the Chamber
of Commerce; Wednesday will be
Fresno day, when 300 Foresters will
come from Fresno by special train and
bring with them members of the order
living north of Hanford. It is to be a
gala day. Thursday will be Tulare day,
when Foresters from that place and
south of Hanford will make a pilgrim
age to the convention city. Tulareites
will . bring with them members of the
courts at Visalia and Portervllle. On
that day there will be field sports at
the racetrack; on Friday there will be
a concert and in the evening a ban
quet On Friday, the last of the session,
the officers for the ensuing Forestic
year will be elected and installed.
Saturday the visitors will be taken on
excursions to various parts of the
country.
The following named .. tve been In
stalled for the current Masonic year as
the officers of Yerba Buena Lodge of
Perfection, Ancient and Accepted Rite
of Freemasonry: William P. Filmer,
venerable master, who was re-elected
to serve a second term; John R- Ruck
stell. senior, and W. F. Buswell. junior
warden; Henry Burner, secretary; Wii
!?am H. Crocker, treasurer; George
Varcoe, orator; William S. Moses, al
moner; S. W. Ottenheimer, master of
ceremonies; H. Le Baron Smith, senior,
and Henry Rauft, junior expert; Asa
H. Phelps, caDtain of the guard, and
George Habel, tyler. Henry Ascroft
rill serve as trustee for the term of
three years. Yerba Buena Lodge No. 1
is the oldest lodge of the Scottish Rite
Masons on the Pacific Coast* having
been instituted in 18C9 with William
S. Moses as the first venerable master.
It is now one of the largest Masonic
bodies of the southern jurisdiction.
The Scottish Rite Cathedral, which is
to be built on Post street, opposite
Union Square, will be a grand monu
ment to the founders and workers of
Yerba Buena Lodge and its tributary
bodies. At the installation above al
luded to that venerable Mason, W. S.
Moses, was inducted for the seventy
fourth time into a Masonic office. The
venerable master of the lodge, who has
been complimented by re-election, is a
young man, who during the last few
years has made wonderful strides in
the Masonic fraternity and has been
rapidly promoted from one station to
another. He is very popular and is in
line for further promotion.
The following named were installed
on the night of the 16th inst. in Golden
Gate Hall as the officers of California
Lodge of Perfection, , A. and A. S. R.
M., for the ensuing twelve months:
Venerable master, Frank B. Ladd,
thirty-third degree; senior warden,
Fred J. H. Rickon. thirty-third degree;
junior warden, Walter A. Scott, thirty
second degree; orator, Samuel P. Johns
ton, thirty-second degree; almoner,
Robert K. Dunn, thirty-second degree;
secretary, Charles Jellinek. thirty-sec
ond degree; treasurer. John P. Fraser,
thirty-second degree; master of cere
monies, Louis A. Murch, thirty-second
degree; expert, James C. Smith, thirty
second degree; assistant expert, Rob
ert E. E. Martin; captain of the guard,
W. C. Ordway, thirty-second degree.
The ceremony of installation was fol
lowed by an elaborate banquet.
During the week of the session of the
Grand Commandery, Knights Templar,
in this city California Commandery No.
1, agreeable to a time-honored custom,
will tender a reception to Eminent Sir
Thomas H. Browne, its commander, in
the Mechanics' Pavilion on the evening
of April 2L This gathering of the
mother commandery in California,
•which numbers more than 600 sir
knights, will be In keeping with the
brilliant events of the past with which
this organization has been so promi
nently identified. There will be a spe
cial significance to the coming recep
tion, as It will be the first time in the
history of the commandery that one so
young in years as the present com
mander becomes the recipient of such
a distinguished honor. No commander,
notwithstanding his age, has since the
commandery has been in existence
achieved such phenomenal success as
has attended his administration, and
those who have watched his course as
sert that it is doubtful if his record
can be duplicated in any of the com
manderies of the United States. The
fact that this Is the Triennial Conclave
year and that the Grand Encampment,
the law-making: bodv of the Templar
organizations of the world, will hold its
session In this city next September,
from the Cth to the 10th, has had much
to do with Inspiring a large number of
young men to seek the honors of
knighthood. Aside from this the com
mander's pleasing personality has
drawn many young men from the Ma
sonic ranks to California Commandery.
This spirit finds expression among the
older members, who have marveled at
the commander's strenuous administra
tion, which has kept them keyed up to
tonrert pitch during the current Tem
plar year. The older members will join
with the younger ones in honoring the
commander in a manner that none of
his predecessors have before been hon
ored. There will be a review of the en
tire commandery in full uniform by the
eminent commander and an exhibition
drill by its famous drill corps, under
command of R. P. Hurlbut, past com
mander of the commandery, who led
the same drill corps to victory at Louis
ville in 190L There will also be a select
programme of vocal and instrumental
music, to be followed by dancing. It is
expected that about S000 people will be
in attendance at this function.
On the second Monday in March the
grand arch Druidess and other grand
officers officially visited Old Friends*
Grove. There were so many visitors
present that the regular meeting place
was too small to admit all and it be
came necessary to hold the meeting in
another hall. After being received,
each of the grand officers was pre
sented with a bunch of La France
roses and bouquets of violets and
Jonquils were presented to prominent
members of the order who were pres
ent as visitors. Six candidates were
admitted by initiation, after which,
speeches by the grand officers were in
order. The grand arch Druidess of
fered a number of suggestions for the
good of the circle and also offered
others which undoubtedly the delegates
to the next Grand Circle will consider.
At the close of the meeting a collation
and refreshments were served.
On the third Wednesday in the month
the grand arch Druidess paid her offi
cial visit to Elvln Circle, in the Mission
Opera-house.
On the second Monday in March
Hartnagle Chapter had Initiatory
work, and at the close of the meeting
repaired to the banquet hall, where
D. Bamman acted as toastmaster and.
after the supper had been partaken of,
there were responses to toasts by Ed
ward Goetz, C. A. Guglielmonl. J. Gal
lagher, J. ImwalL Harry Menke and
the toastmaster. This chapter will soon
have its uniform section ready for pa
rade, uniforms having been ordered.
The entertainment given by Old
Friends' Grove In aid of Its degree
team. In Union Hall last week, was
well attended and was a very enjoy
able affair.
THE SAN' FRANCISCO CALU, SUNDAY, MARCH 20, 1904.
The official visit of Grand Arch
Druidess Mrs. Louise Zazzi. Grand
Secretary Mrs. A. Thornhill and other
grand officers to Boedecia Circle on
the second Saturday in March was a
very pleasant affair, and after the
routine of business there waa an hour
devoted to addresses by the visiting
officials and other members of the or
der. A number' of good suggestions
were offered for the advancement of
the organization. After the close of
the meeting: a collation was served.
18
ECHOES FROM THE LODGE ROOM"Ivan the Terrible," a tragedy in
five acts by Count Alexis Tolstoy, was
produced by Richard Mansfield this
month at the New Amsterdam Theater,
New York, with brilliant success. As
the play will be given by Mr. Mans
field.on his forthcoming visit here, its
story, as told in brief by the actor
himself, will be interesting:
• The tragedy of "Ivan the Terrible,"
the first of a trilogy written about 1865
by Count Alexis Tolstoy, deals with the
death of Ivan Vassilyevich; surnamed
cordial to every one. temperate In
speech, and his bearing grave and dig
nified. He was, however, utterly fals<»,
unscrupulous and overwhelmingly am
bitious."
The Tzarevltch Fyodor. or Feodor. at
this time had been married two year*,
but he was a weakling, and lookeU
reore like a woman than a man. H'u
expression was puerile. In stature he
was small; his constitution feeble; hb
face Dale. He smiled continually, and
locked timid and frightened. Ivan re
marked of him:' "Fyodor should have
been born a sacristan, not ft Txare
vitca,
MANSFIELD'S NEW
PLAY 3IEETS WITH
BRILLIANT SUCCESS
The very funny automaton, Gillo's
Artesto, that draws portraits at request
of famous people and of people in the
audience, will be^at the Chutes this
The Orpheum's head-liner this week
is Rosarlo Guerrero, the" famous Span
ish dancer and pantomimist. who has
been an idol of Paris for five years or
so. She appears in a sketch called "The
Rose and the Dagger," and will be as
sisted by Philippe Dufaure.
• • •
Theodore Kretner, the king of melo
drama, will. have "The King of De
tectives" at the Central this week. Miss
Edna Ellsmere, a San Francisco
girl wher* has been otherwheres for ex
perience and appreciation, will make
her debut appearance in the drama.
• ¦ • •
"The Rounders" i3 still going suc
cessfully at Fischer's.
• • •
the whole performance and the play
is worth any half dozen Lenten ser
mons.
The Alcazar's production of "Parsi
fal" is arousing widespread attention
from the charm and dramatic grip of
its story, the beauty of its setting and
the deep religious interest involved. It
is a remarkable enterprise for the Al
cazar, and admiration for. the 'effort
and the result are heard on all hands.
Sincerity and reverence characterize
The California will have, opening to
night, the favorite Swedish actor, Ben
Hendricks, in a new play entitled "King
Eric of Sweden."
With "Mr. Pickwick's" appearance at
the Tivoli a new soprano, Dora de
Filippe, will make her debut as the
fair Arabella. Xothlng could be better
than Webb's appointment as Mr. Pick
wick or Ferris Hartman's as Sam Well
er; and Mrs. Bardell, Winkle, the fat
boy Tony, and all the beloved rest will
make their appearance. The libretto
is by Charles Klein, the music by Man
uel Klein, the lyrics by Grant Stewart,
and the whole thing, is said to be a
merry and persuasive affair. It Is the
opera's first presentation in the West.
Pretty Mary Mannering comes to the
Columbia this season with a comedy
that, from Leo Dltrichstein's name at
the foot of it and Thomas A. Wise's in
the cast, promises to be "low." Miss
Mannering's comedy Is called "Har
riet's Honeymoon," and she will have
in her support besides Mr. Wise that
very clever actor, Arthur Byron, and
several other well known people.
She denies him, and the play closes
with the suicide of Judas and the story
of the crucifixion. Throughout the
moving presence of Christ is realized,
the whole a serious, dignified and in
tensely dramatic story.
MISS ADELE BLOCK AS KUNDRY IN "PARSIFAL."
In act 2 she is found In the house of
Flavius, a young Roman noble and her
would-be lover, who entertains her
with magnificent spectacles of dancing
women, and so on. The end finds her
in the garden of Flavius, trying to get
a glimpse of the Savior, who is pass
ing, and finally in the hands of the mob
who would stone her. Act 3 takes
place in the marketplace of Jerusalem,
where Judas betrays his Master. The
fourth act finds Mary a convert, tempt
ed by Flavius to give herself to him,
the price to be the release of the Christ
"Mary of Magdala" at the Grand Op
era-house, Mary Mannering in "Har
riet's Honeymoon" at the Columbia
and "Mr. Pickwick" at the Tivoli, not
to speak of the Alcazar's "Parsifal" —
we may be pardoned a temporary
vanity. It is better to be vain a little
than be humble s'much.
Most notable will be the Fiske en
gagement at the Grand that will last
for four weeks. During the time Mrs.
Fiske will present a number of new
plays, the first the famous "Mary of
Magdala." With Mrs. Fiske comes an
excellent company, including Max Fig
man, Hobart Bosworth, Frank Gill
more, W. B. Mack, Sydney Smith, E.
C. Wilbur. Henry Haskins, Emily
Stevens, Mary Maddern, Belle Bohn
and many others of less note-. The
productions will be like the original
Xew York issues, that of "Mary* of
Magdala" being one of the most su
perbly handsome and historically cor
rect ever seen on the stage.
Paul Heyse is the author of the
drama in which Mrs. Fiske and her
company make their fir3t appearance,
and William Winter, the translator of
the German dramatist's noble work.
The translation Is said to be a re
markable one, notable for distinguished
beauty of language and close sympa
thy with the original. It is In blank
verse. Dramatically the play seems
to have a profound impression. His
tory rather than the Bible has been
the fountain from which its materials
are drawn, though most of the charac
ters and much of the incident are bib
lical.
In Us effect the play has been re
markably compelling upon all manner
of critics. The ministry and laymen
alike have combined to praise, the pro
fessional critic succumbed to Its spir
itual spell. The theme, of course, Is
the conversion of Mary Magdalen.' In
the play Judas is her lover, and in th3
original it is suggested that Jealousy
of the Christ's power over her rather
than avarice temnts Judas to betray
his Master. Mr. Winter eliminates this
suggestion, however. The first act finds
Mary In her palace in Jerusalem, sur
rounded by her lovers and all the
splendors of her shame. It closes with
her hearing, - strangely moved, of the
coming of Christ to Jerusalem.
We may not be Xew York, but with
three openings of the kind that we are
to have this week — Mrs. Fiske in
ATTRACTIVE BELLS
AT LOCAL THEATERS
FOR COMING WEEK
He finally revolted and destroyed the
pewer of the Glinskls and the Shuiskis,
and founded the Oprichniks. a body
of men organized by Ivan for his own
special service. Hereafter Ivan ruled
with an iron hand. Ivan" died in 15S4.
Concerning the events dealt with in
the tragedy of Ivan's death and the ap
pearance of Ivan at that time the fol
lowing may be of interest:
"Ivan, in gloomy despair, summoned
a council, declared that he wished to
enter a monastery! and .ordered them
to proceed to the -choice of another
Tzar. Yielding, however, to the re
peated prayers of the Boyars. he con
sented to remain upon the throne.
"Losing his possessions "one after an
other, threatened on every side by ene
mies, Ivan was cruelly stricken; h!3
tortured feelings were reflected in his
manner and in his exterior. He had
become careless in dress, his lofty stat
ure was bent, his eyes Ijad grown dim.
his lower jaw dropped as in advanced
age and only In the presence of others
did he constrain himself, stand proudly
erect -and look with suspicion on those
around him to- find if any man noted
the decline of his spirits. In those mo
ments he was still more terrible than
in the«days of his grandeur. Xever be
fore had Moscow been under such pres
sure of despondency and fear."
The historian states elsewhere that
"Ivan's face had grown greatly old, th*»
furrows had sunk deeper, on his head
there remained but little hair, his beard
had fallen out altogether."
The statues and pictures of Ivan, de
picting him at his death hour with a
beard and long hair, are therefore In
correct.
Boris Fyodorvich (Godunoff) at this
period had risen with rapidity. Ha
was the brother-in-law of the Tzare
vitch, whom his sister Irina had mar
ried. It is recounted that Ivan, wishing
tn show how near Godunoff and his
daughter-in-law were to his heart,
raised three fingers, and counting them
with the other hand, said: "This ;s
Fyodor (his son), this is Irina, this Is
Boris, and as it would be equally pain
ful to my hand whichever of three
fingers were cut off, so would it b*
grievous to my heart to lose any one
of these beloved."
. Godunoff is described as "modest,
The evil spirit of the Shuiskis aroused
terrible hatred in Ivan, and he later
paid his enemies in kind and with over
flowing measure. Ivan, who had sought
everywhere in books for reasons to
strengthen his position, resolved with
all the vividness of his boyish enthu
siasm to become in Moscow what David
and Solomon had been in Jerusalem,
what Augustus had been in Rome and
the first Christian Emperor in Con
stantinople.
"The Terrible," and the rise to power
of Boris Godunoff.
The interest of the tragedy may be
said to be fairly divided between the
Tzar Ivan and Boris Godunoff. In order
to comprehend the remarkable char
acter of Ivan, it must be remembered
that in his boyhood he was neglected,
maltreated and even insulted by the
Shulskis, who directed and controlled
the oligarchs.
Men to whom Ivan showed attach
ment were Imprisoned or put to death,
and he lived, as it were, alone in the
palace, neglected and harassed. The
plan was to stunt his intellectual
growth to such a degree that he would
be incapable of rule.
Meanwhile the boy, impressionable
and passionate, had great natural gifts ;
he read all the books that were acces
sible — the Bible, * "Sacred History,"
"Fathers of the Church," "Russian
Chronicles" and "The History of the
Roman Empire, Eastern and Western."
Ivan was self-educated.
The Shuiskis, who hesitated at noth
ing in seizing power and holding it.
began by poisoning Ivan's mother.
Having gained possession of the boy,
they did everything to. deform him
morally. Ivan himself has le^t a vivid
picture of what he endured in child
hood.
And then, in the hush and profound
dark of the theater, with its one pale
light above the white bier of Titurel,
set weirdly In the center of the stage,
I came silently away.
"It is, and I never, never, never
¦wanted to play Juliet," the future
Beatrice snapped a little sleepily.
"But Rosalind?"
"Ye-es."
"Perhaps the tights? — you came
very near it to-night!"
Miss Block blushed .brightly, and
asked a little breathlessly, "Oh, did
you see my — "
"They're very nice ones," I said.
ing. You know she restored all of
Celia's usually cut lines in the first
act. That really makes the part more
important than Rosalind's."
"You are fond of Shakespeare?"
"Very."
"I guess your favorite part is
Beatrice."
Mrs. Brown is said to have consid
erable charm and scope as a lecturer,
and in her musical illustrations an
able pianism.
*The Wasmer lecture recitals to b«
given at Lyric Hall by Mrs. Raymond
Brown are set — for Tuesday evening
next "The Ring of . the Xibeiungen."
Thursday evening "Tristan and
Isolde," Friday evening "Die Meister
singer," and on Saturday afternoon, ap
propriately to the period. "ParsifaL"
Louis H. Eaton, assisted by Miss
Dorothy Goodsell. soprano, and Wil
liam F. Zech, violinist, will give his
twenty-third free organ recital at
Trinity Church Monday evening.
March 21. at 8 o'clock. The pro
gramme includes works by Bach.
Haydn. "Wagner. Salnt-Saens. Svend
sen. Guilmant, Chopin. Hlller and
X. H. Allen, an American organist and
composer.
IJor those women seeking novelty
in their entertainers I can strongly
recommend this little choir boy. His
generally stained g!af*s effect — in the
surplice and with the over-earthly pu
rity of the voice — is peculiarly suited
to the Lenten feast, by the way.
Little Master Forman, whose sing-
Ing in "Parsifal" at the Alcazar this
week has been so much admired. is art
interesting and clever little chap. He
is, and has been for the last year,
principal soloist of the boy choir at St.
Luke's Church, where his work has
attracted considerable attention.
Wallace A. Sabin. F. R. C. O.. the or
ganist of the church, whose pupil Mas
ter Harold is. 13 not unreasonably
proud of him. Two years ago Master
Forman knew nothing of singing:
he is now at perfect ease among the
difficult intervals and troublous
rhythms of the "Parsifal" music, and
with a fine high C to his name.
In the choir Master Harold is a most
useful person. He reads readily at
sight. Is naturally a leader, perfectly
sure in pitch, and. needless to say to
those who have heard him. beautifully
voiced. He comes by his talents nat
urally enough. His father is the once
well-known minstrel tenor. Will
Bishop, tmce also himself a boy so
prano in a Xew York church.
It Is pleasant to see again F. S. Gut
terson's face over the 'cello at the
Tivoli. Mr. and Mrs. Gutterson re
turned home this week after a year and
a half in European studios and seem to
be glad enough, to be in California
again. Curiously Mrs. Gutterson re
turned to find Harold Bauer, with
whom she spent eight months in Paris,
concertizing in San Francisco. Curious
ly alike. Each has a Michael Angeio
Gutterson studied for the same length
of time, was also to be here. That ar
rangement, alas! fell through, and we
shall not have the brilliantly gifted
'cellist— to my mind to the 'cello what
Bauer Is to the piano — here this year.
The Bauer-Casals friendship Is Idyllic.
the Guttersons tell me. and so I gath
ered from the artists' talk of each
other. Their musical history is curious
ly alike. Each has a Michael Angeio
range of accomplishment In his art and
each is chiefly self-taught. As teachers
their pupils say they are wholly inspir
ing 1 .
Berlin was another camp of the Gut
tersons, and while there Mrs. Gutterson
had the honor of playing at the Phii
hannonie concerts several times with
Anton Heckingr, the celebrated 'cellist,
¦with whom Mr. Gutterson studied.
Mrs. Blanchard will have the valuable
offices of Fred Maurer as accompanisL
"Intorco AU'idol Min." 1820-lP.tK) (Ostn
"Se Floricdo." 1650-1725 fScarlatti): "PUis!
d*Amour." 1741-1916 (Martini); "Ircnier L*t3?r
"Wlrd Mein Schlummer." "Stanchen." # -Fel
deinsamkeit" <Brahms>: "Lei* Eewesjf *Da
vidoff): "Hanseleln" (Taubert); ••Jlon Pe*lt
Coeur" (old French); -Les Roses d" Ispahan"
iFaur*): "L* Chevalier B*!'.e Etoil*" (UclmeiV
"A Ballad cf Trees aa.1 the Master" (Cfcad
wlck); "In Pieardie" fFoote): "O Were My
Love Ton Lilac Fair" (Beach): "Irish Love
Sons" (Lang): "A Belated Violet" (Johns):
"Thy Beamics Eyes" »SIacDow«ll): •"May
Day" (Walthew).
Mrs. Blanchard's recital for Tuesday
evening at Century Hall is the other
one. This most artistic among local
singers will present one of her usual
good programmes, in hearing which a
Lenten evening cannot be more agree
ably spent. Here are Mrs. Blanchard's
songs, and tickets may be obtained for
the affair at Sherman & Clay's:
Songs by Schubert. Hugo Wolf, Pur
cell, Lehmann and Edward German will
be sung by Mr. O'Sullivan. as well as
some of hi3 inimitably rendered Irish
ballads and the Kipling. "Just So"
songs. Miss Edith Ladd will be at the
piano and Hamilton Harty.
There are two song recitals for Tues
day next that are the kind to go to
To one, unfortunately, in the absence
of wireless airships, you cannot go-to
that of that brilliant Irish-Californian
Denis O'Suilivan. Mr. OSullivan is
still in London— still the admired Ser
geant Lefebvre of the cast of the
romantic opera "The Duchess of Dant
zic." that is still on its extraordinary
run. But "by courtesy of George Ed
wardes." the barytone will give a
song recital with Mrae. Blanche Mar
ches! on Tuesday next. It win be the
first appearance of Marches!, in London,
and the event Is of first importance.
The programme, as with everything
with which Mr. O'Suilivan concerns
himself, is eminently artistic. There
will be duet3 by Schubert. Dvorak. Cor
nelius, Marcello Lulli, and old English.
Scotch and Breton ballads. Mme. Mar
chesl will be heard In songs and arias
by Pluddemann, Strauas. Wagner.
Lowe, Bruneau and four new Scan
dinavian composers.
anything else, with Its slightly aquiline
nose, black brows and interrupted oval.
It was a good American glance she
gave me now as she said: "My mother
sent this to me"— the Cleopatra glitter
and film of the temptation scene —
"she had to go to New York because
my father was ill. We had both looked
forward so to her seeing the first night
of 'Parsifal' — I'm so disappointed. You
don't know, of course, but my mother
takes such interest in my work—moth
ers do, you know" — I knew — "that it
seems as though half the fun had gone
out of things when she is not here."
"I'm afraid you're spoiled."
t "I'm afraid I am." Miss Block's eyes
curled up Japanesely. "Mother is re
sponsible for anything 1 I have done,
though she did once — "
"Object to your being an actress." I
hazarded.
"Worse." Miss Block laughed. Her
sensitively skinned lips show very pret
ty teeth, by the way. "Much worse.
Mother wanted to make me into a
musician. Six years I studied at the
Xew England Conservatory, and I can't
play a note! When you don't want to
do a thing you know how much you
don't want to do it. And how I hated
it!"
The actress' piano-punching must
have been pretty vigorous by the way
in which she wielded the powder puff
here. She concluded comically, "Moth
er's sorry she bothered me now."
Mother's practical repentance "was
before me in the gown that the maid
was still holding up before me. "And
she sent you this?" I said.
"Yes. You see, I couldn't get Just
the color I wanted here. I wanted a
pale gold, not yellow, you know." An
artist's distinction, look you.
Miss Block's throat again claimed at
tention here, and she said: "It will
be all right in a day or two; but just
think of the rehearsals and you won't
wonder. We rehearsed all night Sun
day until 7 o'clock on Monday morn
ing. It was the same on Friday night,
and there were three- other rehearsals
besides the private study."
I stopped a second to wonder what
the actress* neighbors must have
thought if she practiced Kundry's cries
at home belore asking: "Do you mean
to say that you had only five rehear
sals for 'Parsifal'?"
"That's all," she replied. "Don't you
think it is pretty good work for the
time, and getting ready 'Miss Hobbes*
and 'White Horse Tavern,' by the
way?"
I did.
"And Mr. Belasco only saw the pro
duction once in Xew York, and pro
duced it here from that."
I acknowledged that also to be won
derful, then said: "You people must
have been very tired Monday night? "
"Oh, yes, and nervous! I was never
more nervous for a Xew York first
night. Somehow everything seemed S3
important. And, of course, one couldn't
sleep in the daytime."
"You don't look as though you had
lost much" — and then with my best
Sherlock Holmes manner I said: "I
should really have thought you would
be too tired to-day to go automobiling
at 11."
She looked flatteringly surprised and
demanded, "How did you know?"
I told her that she had herself told
me through Mr. Price, when I had sug
gested the interview for earlier in the
day. To confess she had set it for 10
and I had balked.
Then Miss Block, through intervals
of curving her black hair gracefully
about her pretty head, sent Kundry
again automobiling into space. Siie
loved it — next to horseback riding. But
she was fickle! It was like sailing on
velvet. She had been out from 11 o'clock
until 5:30. Wasn't it jolly? They ha<l
taken luncheon. Surely that was bet
ter—the fresh air— than resting in bed?
Yes, she always went to sleep as soon
as her head touched the pillow. And
she always tried to be In bed by 12:S0.
One couldn't stand * suppers after the
play and work and keep well. Did I
think so?
I said then point blank that I should
like to know what Miss Block thought
of Kundry's significance. But I really
didn't care. She was EymphonJcally
pretty to look at whether she talked
kfttens or Kundry.
She preferred not to discuss the char
acter. She looked a little puzzled and
distressed at the suggestion. "We have,
you see"— with a line of trouble on her
delicate brow— "so little time to pre
pare anything. I do what Mr. Murphy
told me to do and that is the sum of
it I haven't had time to read about
or discuss the character with any one.
I should, of course. like to have done
bo. Mr. Murphy told me the character
was a composite .of three women — I
even forget who. And I can't talk
about it. I'm really rather afraid of
interviews. Things look so different in
print I can only feel things — can't say
them. You'll forgive me?"
I shrived her then and there and
wondered at the mime wonderful,
who can look a Magdalen and a
Cleopatra at another's will.
"They took everything beautifully
last night, didn't they? iliss Block
pursued. "To-night they seemed In
clined to laugh occasionally." And
that was the end of Kundry.
"Are you a Xew York«r?" I asked
then, remembering her mention of
Xew York.
"Xo, from Boston," the actress sup
plied, "but I studied for the stage in
Xew York — played there, too."
"You were with Mr. Sothern?"
"For a year in 'The King's Mus
keteer* — how nice Mrs. Sothern Is!"
she broke off, "not a whit different
now ehe is a star than before her star
days. They're both charming. I was
with Miss Crosman — do you know?
for two years."
"That must have been interesting,"
I say, and I ask, "in what?"
" 'As You Like It,' " Miss Block sup
plied; "I was Celia. "Oh, you know,
I am taller than MJss Crosman and
we had to change the lines, 'the taller
of the two* to 'the darker of the two.'
Editing Shakespeare !'\
"You played Celia jHth dark hair?"
"And Miss Crosman with blonde,"
the actress nodded. "Really, I ex
pected to play Olivia to her Viola.
Wanted to. But it fell out that I had
to play Celia, I -played it for two
years. She — Miss Crosman— is charm-
Miss Adole Block's Kundry of Mon
day r.i.ch: in the Alcazar "Parsifal" de
cided me that I should much like to
talk Kundry with Miss Block. Of all
the Wagner women the character is
most curiously interesting, and Miss
Block's is a. conception of the part that
much outranks anything the actress
has hitherto done, and is inherently of
remarkable variety and beauty. There
fore I thought I would get her "views"
— of course the had "em — for mine own
enlightenment and yours. Incidentally
I would take in a little more "Parsifal"
atmosphere from behind scenes and
rind if the player folk were as much
affected by the sacred story as their*
audience. So. by the courtesy of Mr.
Price. I found myself on the stage last
Tuesday evening at eight.
Miss Block was upstairs, and came
down in the terra -cotta complexion and
skins of the first act to tell me that
not until the second act's end should
ve have time to talk. Her make-up
in its integrity could be recommended
to any Aida. The actress has achieved
the fine burnt rose of Eaines' not-to
be-forgotten slave girl, from her cheeks
to her logical toes. Skins of fox and
leopard clothed her, and Miss Block's
handsome eyes shone out from under
the ratty locks of Kundry like sun
shot brown pools in a woodland thicket.
Very well, I would be there. It would
suit me better so, as I could absorb
Harold Bauer's Schumann Fantasie
in C in the meantime. I watched
awhile then, and it was like a bit of
Tennyson, with the yellow-haired, blue
garbed pages soberly fatting about;
bearded knights of the Grail solemnly
awaiting their cue; the venerable locks
of Gurnemanz, and Amfortas' sorrow
ful face, lifted against the forest back
ground of Montsalvat.
It seemed not such a far step to *the
Bach Italian concerto to which I soon
found myself listening. Nor did it
s* em out of pitch when I returned from
the land of Bauer's Schumann— late,
mea culpa — to the impressive scene of
the return cf the Savior-knight.
Like the r^st— Amfortas, the flower
c:rl5. r£P?s, stage hands, I took the
nearest crack to watch the scene. It
is th^ most difficult of my acquaintance.
It is also the most daring. That it does
not offend, even where the Kundry
MagdaK-n washes the feet of the Parsi
fal—Christ, is due entirely to the
simple sincerity and reverence of the
actors. One could wish a more sternly
ribered, less graceful — so to speak —
Parsifal than Mr. Durking in the
scene of the knight's overcoming by
.fatigue. One could hardly desire a
more notable grace and uplift of ex
pression than he has at some moments.
Miss Block throughout the - scene is
admirable. Xearness only lent new
conviction to the reverent wonder,
adoration, faith that her face ex
presses so eloquently. Orient eyes, a
cioud of midnight hair, a face Eastern
in all its suggestion, doubtless added,
for pictoriaily also Miss Block is the
ideal Magdalen. It took, indeed, all
my remembrance of her savage Kundry
to persuade me that I had a right to
tread the same boards with these!
Mr. Durkin's "Play ball, George," as
he came off with Mr. Osbourae, doubt
.lets relieved the strain, of things for
him as for me. It was solemnly enough
said, however. Titurel, under the black
velvet pall of the next scene, begging
that the bearers would not permit the
bier to wobble, also helped. But the
atmosphere soon closed in again and
came to a climax with the final picture
«'f the dove descending upon Parsifal's
head. Even the prediction from a
practical stage hand that it was going
to "hit him one" failed to cheer or the
lively bustle after the final curtain to
bring one quite to earth again.
I followed Miss Block to her dressing
room in expectantly exa'ted mood. We
should decide, perhaps, that the relig
ious Instinct imbedded, ingrained In
the fiber of us all, made a "Parsifal"
not unusually difficult, but unusually
easy of performance. We should set
tle Kundry's. complex hash, determine
the effect of such plays upon the pub
lic and actors, pass upon the compara
tive artistic moralities of a Tivoll
"Tannhauser" and an Alcazar "Parsi
fal"; decide why a Verdi may make a
"Traviata" from a "Camille" and a
Murphy may not. according to some
lights, make a "Parsifal" play from a
"Parsifal" music-drama, and other such
questions. "We didn't, however. This
is the history of how we didn't:
I think It was the clothes partly. As
Foon as we reached her dressing-room
Miss Block disappeared into the ward
robe to change her garb. I occupied
the interval in looking round at her
picture gallery; at the "Aim high and
believe yourself capable of great
things" motto that conspicuously
cdoraed her mirror; at th» good wishes
for her first night at the Alcazar from
Henrietta Crosir.an. ditto, ditto; at the
canned eomplfcxions and usual profes
sional truck of the actress' workroom.
Miss Block was gone but a moment,
but there were 2)0 centuries between
the sad creature who left me and the
bright thing that returned. This was
a Mmr. Butterfly, whose white arms
rhone from a cherry and azure flow
ered kimona, whose long black locks
vere twisted carelessly above smiling
Japanese eyes. She sat down in front
of the mirror to remove her makeup,
and suddenly Kundry seemed millions
cf miles away.
With a little cough Miss Block be
gan: "Those shrieks are very hard on
one's throat — I'm afraid Wagner is
ruining my voice!"
"What must it be for Ternina, and I
h.ear Gadski is going to sing Kundry?"
I suggest.
"Don't know, I'm sure." Miss Block
returns; "it has made my throat quite
tore."
I to!d hpr then cf one place at least
where I thought the shrieks could be
rut to advantage, and then we began
to talk— deplorably feminine — of the
.Kundry wardrobe. Meantime Mis.s
Clock was wiping off on the towel the
last remnant of suggestion of the Mag
dalen. Those eyes— frankly, the eyes
are troublesome. Very clear, very
brown, they are at all times, but It is
not ray fault if they are Egyptian long,
turn nz> on their lower line Japanese
fashion, ar.d shut when she laughs
like a Frenchwoman's, and I say so,
Tbe face is perhaps more French than
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 20, . 1904.
19
WITH THE PLAYERS AND THE MUSIC FOLKWho will be invited to the Bachelors'
ball? Now, ask me something easy.
You know, the list of "ins" has been
abridged and expanded to such an ex
tent this t winter that the birdseye
viewer of the smart is hardly sure of
who's who.
There are now in the social field five
distinct sets, with their respective lead
ers—and who will hold the whip hand
next winter is making lively guessing.
But in society, as in politics, strange
alliances are formed under the guise
of expediency— and methinks 'twas ex
pediency that prompted much of the
reciprocity observable this winter.
Many climaxes— or anti-climaxes— are
confidently looked for next winter. i
On Friday next the Greatest Circus
on Earth (managed by women) will be
gin to. display its wonderful stunts.
The show will open on the evening of
course, you've heard of the modest lit
tle- check presented the bride by her
etppfather for candy and flowers — a
mere little check for $500,000, besides
a pearl and diamond necklace and tiara
from mamma, worth a good tenth of
a million.
W*»H, children who show such ad
mirable discrimination in the selection
of parents — and stepparents — deserve
the rewards they reap.
Mrs. Hugh Tevis. widow of young
Hugh Tevis, who died in Yokohama
shortly after his wedding in San Fran
cisco, is among the newcomers to the
American colony in Paris. Her sister.
Miss Baxter of Denver, is with her and
Is considered one of the prettiest
American girls in the gay French
capital.
What a delightful stir was made in
the smart set when the engagement
of Miss Ruth McXutt and Lieutenant
Fitzhugh L^e. U. S. A., was announced!
Somehow an engagement is somewhat
like a death in the family — though it
be expected, it comes with a shock
when it occurs.
The tabbies have long conceded that
Miss McNutt was permanently at
tached to the gallant young defender
of tho flag, but official confirfnation of
the rumor Is satisfactory.
Apropos of betrothals, the engage
ment of Miss Ruth Underhill (the
erstwhile champion of golf in
America) to Harry Treadwell White
and Mrs. Fred Tallant. The cart and
pony under the care of Mrs. 'Baker '.was
contributed by Thomas H. WiWiams Jr.
Tickets for the affair can be obtained
at Sherman & Clay's, at the academy,
on Seventh avenue and C street, or
from any of the Doctor's Daughters, j
The bright, scintillating, stellar at
tractions of the function will be M1ss
Lucie King, Miss Louise Stone, Mrs.
Ferdinand Stephensori, Miss Florence
Callaghan and Mis3 Mabel "Hogg.
Mrs. Clarence Martin Mann has is
sued invitations for a luncheon, to 'be
given on the 2'4th at her Washington
street home. • Mrs. -Mann will be as
sisted by Mrs. Joseph Manuel Masten
and Mrs. Frederick A. Stolp,in receiv
ing her guests. Luncheon ,' will .be
served at 2 o'clock, a most conven
ient hour. Noon is -beastly early, as
madame has had scarcely - time to
meet -her hairdresser and the mas
seuse—her two absolute indispens
ables. Luncheon {at 2— that | is the
hour commensurate with comfort.
• Easter Monday : is. to be garlanded
with orange blossoms. On. that date
the charming Miss Eleanor Echart
will become the bride • of Edward
Hume. The wedding will f take place
at- the home of the bride's parents on
Clay street and promises to be a smart
affair.. Miss Georgia Snieker and Miss
Mabel- Donaldson (herself ; a fiancee)
to;serve as, bridesmaids and Mrs. Ben
jamin Thomas as matron of honor.
¦Mr. Hume is a popular member of
the .D. K. E.'s of the • University . of
California, '04, having taken a con
spicuous part-in college affairs .while
a meniber of the student body.
The wedding of the handsome Miss
Huntsman v and Harry William "will
probably .occur, just after. Easter, but
will necessarily be a quiet affair. Miss
Huntsman ; is a sister of Mrs. Gray
son Dutton and • Mrs.- Charles Kindel
berg, both of . whom .are charming
women and ' are '.clever,-' hostesses. •
Franklin Brooks, formerly editor of
the 25th under the auspices of the San
Francisco Riding Club, with the Doc
tor's Daughters in charge of the box
receipts. The performance will be re
produced on Saturday afternoon with
various other daring and dazzling fea
tures for the little tykes who love a
circus, and where is the tyke ¦ that
doesn't?
And besides the wonderful feats of
the society maid a-horse, all the ac
couterments of a, down-to-date cir
cus will be fully' produced, includ
ing pink lemonade, peanuts, popcorn,
zebra candy and all the other diabol
icalisms of the sawdust ring. And j I
had almost forgotten to mention - Mr.
Fernald. the swagger ringmaster, who
will crack his whip at the' prettiest lot
of circus horsewomen in the country.
If you doubt it, come and see for your
self—but hurry, as the boxes are all
sold and only a few hundred seats re
main.
The candy— brewed by hand— will .be
sold by Miss Constance de Young,' Miss
Ethel Hager, Miss Eleanor O'Connor
and Miss Ellse Gregory.
The grab bag and fish pond will, be
in the- hands of the following: | Mrs.
Henry Foster Dutton, assisted by Miss
Jessie Fillmore, Miss Lily Spreck
els, Miss Grace Spreckels, Mrs. .Frank
Griffin, Miss Katharine Dillon, .Mrs.
Charles Bentley, Miss, Eleanor Warner,
Mrs. Reuben B. Ha,le." Mrs." Marshall
Hale and Mrs. McDermott' of Boston.
Mrs. McDermott has contributed a
number of "grabs" for the bag, arid
other grabs will be thankfully received.
Entertainment — Miss Jennie Blair, as
sisted by Miss Susie " McEwen, Mrs.
John Flournoy, Mrs. Horace Pillsbury
and Mrs. William Guthrie. .:
Advertisements on programmes— Mrs.
W. D. Fennimore, assisted by , Mrs.
George Cooper and Mrs. John McKee.
Homemade candy— Mrs. Edwin Brey
fogle, assisted by Mrs. J. S. Ballard,
Mrs. Edward Horton, Mrs. : Frank
Bates, Mrs. J. A. Watt. Mrs. Charles
Slack and Miss Everding.
Refreshments — Mrs. H. M. ; A. Miller,
assisted by Mrs. W. R. Sherwood j :
Cart and pony— Mrs. Wakefield Baker
• Now, 'those little dependents in the
nursery are your charges and mine,
and we must see to it that the wee
onas are properly sheltered, clad and
cared for. all of. which takes cash, and
loads of It. • Therefore the validity of
the card game on that eventful night,
the 7th.
; Tickets may be obtained from the fol
lowing, women, whose brave interest in
the welfare of the homeless little tots
has done so much 1 toward their com
fort: Mrs. ¦William Thomas, Palace
Hatel; Miss Maud O'Connor, Hotel
Granada: Mrs. Edgar F. Preston, 2336
Broadway; Mrs. George B. Sperry, 2303
Devisadero street: Mrs. W. W. "Van
Arsdale, Jackson and Scott- streets:
Mrs. George F. : Shiels, 2310 Devisadero
street: Mrs. Henry Dernham, 2317 Cen
tral avenue; Mrs. Eugene Bresse, 1829
Pacific avenue: Mrs. O. B.* Burns, the
Van Nuys; ' Mrs. '.Jacob JBertz, 1366
Hayes street; Mrs. W. S. Leake. Palace
Hotel; Mrs. Frank ' V. "Wright, 601
Stockton street; Mrs. Guy E. Manning,
3675 Clay street: Mrs. James L. Gould,
ISIS Encinal avenue, Alameda; Mrs. J.
J._Spieker/ 2100 Devisadero street;. Mrs.
Albert Dernham. 2505 Devisadero street:
Mrs. James Elder, 3402 Clay street: Mrs.
J.J. Theobald. 2010 Pierce street; ,Mrs.
WiHiam- H. vGerstle, 2340 Washington
street;, Mrs. Herbert E. Law, 1526 Val
lejo street; Mrs.; A. H.; Martin. 3134
Clajr streetr Mrs.* Homer Osborne, 1014
Paru street, Alameda; Miss Adelaide
Pollack, 909 Broderick street.
Wasn't that a pretty tribute to Miss
Bailey that her fiancee, Mr. Mohr, paid
her "when he came out West from New
York to see her, just for one short day,
and then returned to fulfill some press
ing business engagements? That savors
somewhat of the gallantry of the sweet
old long ago, which, alack and alas! we
are fast ¦ obliterating in our colorless
materialism. What a joy a romantic
lover must be! .
Mrs. Lillian Hitchcock-Colt and Miss
Green of San Francisco were observed
among the promenaders in the foyer
of the Grand Opera-house, Paris, re
cently.
• ? •
¦ ' Mr. and Mrs. Pierre . Humbert Jr.
(formerly Miss Lyle) of San Francisco
are making a long stay in Paris. They
the ManilarAmerican. has been travel
ing throughout England, Ireland and
Scotland for the last six months and
is now engaged. in touring r the Con
tinent. Some of his trips are being
made in an automobile.
Herewith is a leap year frolic of a
Washington maid— a maid of the capi
tal smart set— who concocted the little
scheme of surreptitious "love-making:
Four small bits of cardboard' were cut
into heart shape and tied with ribbons,
all bearing the inscription, "1904,
Leap Year." On the first appeared the
following:
Please answer -
If you can guesa ¦
The happy. Miss
Who is willing
To make It Mrs.,
. • "Who sends these bows,
And. a dozen kisses.
The second card read: '
If winsome ¦ came to woo
\vlth loving;' ways n» lassies do '
And if her heart were good and true,
. You would not say her nay, .could you? . .
If you do not care at jot,
Burn the lot.
Upon the third a bow of pink,
cream and blue ribbon was tied. It
If of m* you sometimes think.
Send me back the bow of pink;
If of me you sometimes dream.
Send me back the bow of cream;
If your heart for me Is true, ¦¦"*••
.*. > Send me hack the bow of blue.
The fourth and last card, being fas
tened with' a bow of red, cotton and
heliotrope, implied: .
¦If your love for me is dead, v'- —
: Send me back the bow of. red ;
¦¦*..-., If you have poor me' forgotten.
Send me back the bow of cotton;
If you will with me elope, r - - ••_-. '/•,».
Send me back the. heliotrope.
,;Now, 'tis. riot > of record how many
maids . received from .the
right' chaps they ventured to address
thus coyly— but-,lt must have afforded
some amusement to the men- who got
the little', mesages, and lent. an ecstatic
expectancy to the little r. maids who
sent them. There are, a - few girlish
things \ girls may do that the ; vigilant
eye of the tabby seeth. not. .
;> San Francisco is nothing if. not phil
anthropic, for behold two more, char
ities on the cards for the first week in
April. -I' 1 . ':/"''' \ - - :-:
On the 7th comes .the. card. party. at
Native Sons' Hall," seating; nearly
2000 people, for the benefit: of the San
Francisco Children's Nursery.
THREE PRETTY BLLLES AND. TWO BRIDES-TO-BE.
have been in Europe traveling for the
last two years.
• • •
Herewith is aa interesting piece of
news— the Princess Hatzfeldt, original
ly from our own zone, is now the petted
protege of the Prussian court, likewise
of London drawing-rooms. It is she
who bears the proud distinction of
having introduced the cotillon to the
London smart set, and of being able
to wear more rings on her toes than
any other woman of her set.
There are those of us who remember
the Princess before her flight to New
York and latterly to Europe as a very
stunning and individual young woman.
Apropos of genius, Mrs. Kate Upson
Clark, a Brooklyn exponent of art. ad
dressed an exclusive club in Chicago
on "The Relation Between Art and
Morals" last week, and tho following
excerpt from her dissertation brought
down wrathful torrents upon her blonce
head: ,¦
"The genius should not marry. A
woman wants her husband— not hia art.
Genius is Insanity. In order to dp
genius it lives most of the time in a
world of deep emotions. It is hard for
people of artistic temperament to con
form to ordinary rules. Thus divorces,
suicides, drunkenness and impulsive
vices are found among people of genius.
The irrepressible temperament seems
to be absolutely necessary to art."
What would our local artists think
of this verdict of the fair Chicagoese?
And what would their wives think—
those of them that have such?
* « •
Mr. and Mrs. R. H. Pease and Miss
Mayllta Pease left for New York on
Tuesday, going by way of Portland.
Or. They will visit the St. Louis Ex
position before returning.
• • •
Do you play "squash?" Well. then.
proceed at once to learn it, since it's
distinctly provincial not to be at least
on speaking terms with it.
It is a lineal descendant of ping pong,
but Infinitely smarter, and is thusly de
scribed:
The game is played In a closed room
with rackets a trifle smaller than the
ordinary tennis racket and small black
balls, which are idriven against the
wall with the racket in the player's
hand. There are fifteen point3, and the
server counts, as in tennis. Only two
persons can play at a time. The courts
are usuallv^rected In a room with a
large, olo>fashioned fireplace, around
which the guests circle for tea. The
game Is an athletic and strenuous one.
and promises to become Immensely pop.
ular.
The Misses King have a "squash"
court in their home, but the game has
not had the vogue here that obtains
in Gotham and Chicago.
• • •
Among the cleverest whips in San
Francisco is Miss Beatrice Fife, who
from her early girlhood has managed
her own pony. She drives almost
daily in her stylish drag.
• >•¦'• •
A number of the debutante set were
tendered a bowling and shuffleboard
party on Wednesday evening by
Ernest Stent. who is to marry Miss
Frances Harris on April 7. Supper fol
lowed the games, and the guests were
charmingly entertained. Among those
present were: Miss Elsie Sperry. Miss
Frances Harris, Miss June Wllshire.
Miss Gertrude Van Wyck. Miss Con
stance Duffy, Dr. James F. Pressley
Edward Reis, Mr. Clark and W. Col
lier.
The clever and exceedingly smart
Gayety Club has promised to give a
post-Lenten dance, but the hostess is
not announced. But paramount to the
Gayety affair is the ball to be given
On Wednesday Mrs. Lewis J. Leland
¦was hostess at a pleasant little card
party at her Pine-street apartments.
Mrs. Leland, who was the stunning
Miss Louise Dutton, has spent the last
Bix years in Gotham and in the Philip
pines. Her mother, Mrs. S. L. Dutton,
accompanies her upon her visit.
• • •
Among the guests were Mrs. Peter
I>. Martin, Miss Jennie Blair, Mrs.
Samuel Buckbee and Mrs. Henry Fos
ter Dutton, a right merry coterie.
That was a charming luncheon of
Miss Maye Colburn's at the Palace on
Tuesday. The picturesque palm gar
den has become a fixed setting for
smart luncheons. And what could be
prettier than the tropical garden for a
background for beauty radiantly* ar
rayed? -^ ; .
To-day Miss Pearl Sabin will leave
for Washington, where she will assist
as bridesmaid at the wedding of Miss
Kathro Burton and Lieutenant George
Lee. Now, here's a pretty situation —
the two sons of the stalwart warrior,
General Fitzhugh Lee, have both
capitulated to cupid at one and the
same time. One is to wed our own
Miss McNutt and Mr. George is to give
his good old name to Miss Burton.
of New York will interest some men I
know.
But as balm to your cardiac wounds,
permit me to say that Miss Underbill's
heart was probably another's when
she played ducks and drakes with you
on the links at Burlingame and Mon
terey. Of course. While not especially
fond of the fellow that's won her, you
cannot but honestly admire his ex
emplary taste. You all remember, of
course, the beautiful attachment that
existed between the charming fiance
and Mrs. Laurence Scott, who, at the
time of Miss Underbill's visit, was Miss
Caro Crockett — and a charming pair
they were.
v • • • •
The trunfcrooin is technically tenant
less now, for madarae hath begun to
pursue her peregrinations, albeit the
year Is young. Those there are who are
packing up merely for their annual
hegira to their country homes— notably
the Will Taylors, McXears, Kittles,
Eells, Schmiedells, Coffins; but there ia
a. distinctly large coterie of Continental
•wanderers who are on the eve of long,
journeys — although the seductive East,
cherry-garlanded though it be, is con
spicuously absent from the itinerary.
Somehow cannon balls, grape shot and
lyddite shells are. not alluring— even to
the tourist looking for adventure. And
alack! for. the wretchedness of the
'rickshaw man— for what cares he
about the scraps of those far-off, vague,
Impersonal things, called government,
when hJs poor flat stomach aches with
emptiness? But the tourist taboos the
Far East while the little brown men
blow up the Russians, and the poor lit
tle 'rickshaw man must suffer mean
while.
The Shermans have postponed their
trip. Miss Laura McKinstry and Mrs.
Scott readjusted their itinerary, elim
inating the field of operations, and the
Herricks, with Miss King accompany
ing them, gave up the trip ejuirely and
substituted a Continental tour instead.
Miss Henrietta Moffat and the Misses
Dull leave on Friday for Boston, where
they will meet the rest of their party
and rail at an early date for the cliffs
of Albion.
Miss Hazel King will join the Her
ricks and her sister during the summer
months, when the trip across the pond
Tv-ill be least strenuous.
Already many Californians are add
ing to the joy— and fortunes — of the
rotund innkeepers of the Continent,
The Frederick Sharons are whiling
away the azure days at Monte Carlo.
Mr. and Mrs. Phil Kearny are at
the Rcgina, Paris, on their honeymoon
trip. Mrs. Kearny was Miss Ruther
ford, daughter of Mrs. George Crocker.
It is said that they will soon be
Joined by the George Crockers, mere
and pere, who have proven the most
devoted and Indulgent of parents. Of
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 20, 1904.
by the Bonny Bachelors.
The date is not yet divulged, but
Kaster week is whispered. The scene?
Why, where else but the Palace ball
room, pray? Ah, what a revelation as
to gowning that will be! No bedrag
gled nor begasolfned frocks for that
functicrti, you may be sure.
The following wholly charming: and
eligible bachelors have the affair in
hand: Wharton Thurston, Wilbur Bur
nett, Percy King, Robert Eyre, Gerald
Rathbone, Dr. William Lyser, Wilber
force Williams, Thomas Berry, William
D. Page. Sidney Salisbury, C. M. How
ard Jr. and John M. Young.
20
THE SMART SET WANDERS AWEEVOLUME XCV— XO. 111.
west wind.
A. G. McADIE,
District Forecaster.
rerectct made at San Fraa-
Cisco for thirty hours ending:
xalfinlirht. Starch 30:
San Francisco and vicinity—
Showers Sunday; brisk south-
THE WEATHEE.
TWO FORTS THAT ARE ASSISTING .-IN THE DEFENSE. OF\- PORT ARTHUR.
AND WHICH. THE JAPANESE ALLEGE. WERE BADLY DAMAGED . DUR
ING ADMIRAL TOGO'S' MOST RECENT ATTACK.' .
Brings Suit Against Machinists* Union
, JOLIET. 111.. March .19. — The Bates
Machine Company of this city, which
yesterday secured a writ of injunction
against tl.e Machinists' Union and Its
members, has brought suit for $200.
000 damages against the same defttU
ants.
The Pope, in thanking the givers,
made a most touching reference to
"his beloved Venice," adding:
"I pray I shall prove a good helms
man for the bark of St. Peter."
More than 30,000 persons gathered
in St Peter's Cathedral to listen to
the te deum sung by Cardinal Rampol
la in honor of the Pope's r name day.
In the Belve.dere courtyard, inside the
Vatican, a festival was held in which
the high dignitaries of the papal court
took part. Pope Pius appeared at the
window and thanked the participants
In "the demonstrations. ' \
the Pontiff received congratulatory
addresses and telegrams from all parts
of Italy and from abroad. The mem
bers of St. Peter's Club, which in
cludes the whole of the Roman cleri
cal society, as is their custom, pre
sented the Pope with a magnificent
basket of the most carefully selected
fruits and flowers. The basket rep
resented a Venetian gondola.
Steel Company in Hands of Receiver.
NEW YORK, March 19. — The As
toria Steel Company, a corporation
owning a half million dollar plant at
Astoria, L. I., has gone Into the hands
of a receiver. The proceedings were
instituted by creditors.
Southern California Men of .Means In
corporate Concern AVlth a Cap
ital Stock of $100,000,000.
SAN DIEGO* March 19. — Articles of
Incorporation of the Pacific Steel Com
pany were filed here this afternoon.
The company Is capitalized at $100,
000,000. of which $50,000,000 of pre
ferred stock has already been sub
scribed, this being the total' of that
stock. The directors are: Charles W.
French. Cleveland. . Ohio; A. A. Pur
man, San Diego; U.S. Grant Jr., San
Diego; Homer H. Peters, San Diego;
George W. Flshburn, San Diego; J. S.
Torrance, Pasadena; Harrison Gray
Otis, Los Angeles; J. E. Flshburn. Los
Angeles; W. D. Woolwlnei Los Ange«
les; V. -E. Shaw, San Diego; W. E.
Webb, San Diego.
The-.name of the corporation is the
Pacific Steel Company and its objects
are stated to be the "construction of
warships, steamships, locomotives and
cars and to make armor plate, to
deal In lands containing iron and cop
per deposits and operate mines for
smelting purposes and to construct
furnaces and mills. The contract for
the construction of the steel plant, to
cost $30,000,000. has been awarded.
CAPITALISTS ORGANIZE
PACIFIC STEEL COMPANY
The State Department acted promptly
and, a cablegram has been s sent to Mc-
Cormlck, the American Embassador at
St. Petersburg, Inviting him to call the
attention of the Imperial Government
to the subject, In the' confident hope
that the Russian officials willtake im
mediate steps for-, the ' relief of .'the'
Japanese.' ' ' , ' - ' '-; . -_ ,'
. v. /To r a " press representative Minister
Takahira said to-night::
VT, was. not at the* State Department
yesterday nor t at Secretary^ Hay's resi
dence, but 1 1 was at the department to
day /and 'handed, to Mr. * Loorhis, the
Assistant Secretary of State, a note re
questing the United States Govern
ment to use i its good offices to see that
the Japanese residents in Siberia, who
are "destitute ~ and" desire to return
home." shall be sent to Berlin, where
my colleague. will take charge of them.
v "I made this .request , because of his
telegram received here", reporting that
two Japanese subjects, who arrived at
Berlin a few days ago ' from the ' In
terior of Siberia as delegates from a
large number of Japanese "still living
there, reported .to; him ! that!they were
boycotted and not only had they found
it impossible to earn a living, but were
suffering great privations. { In some
WASHINGTON, Riarch 19.— Russia
will" b*e "asked" by"the~Ulirted~s7ates A to
4 treat kindly, : the Japanese "non-com
batants who have been left in Siberia
and to enable them ' to make their way
back to ; Japan. Kogora Takahira. the
Japanese' Minister. ¦ called 'at the State
Department to-day" and " Informed ' the
officials ithat: he had received reports
that between forty and" fifty Japanese
non-combatants" -we're in*a suffering
condition in several "Siberian towns.
The. Minister requested, the Washington
Government to use;, its good offices to
assist ! the -Japanese ' to reach Berlin*'
where the Japanese Minister | will take
them' in: charge. • > 1 .
DES-MOINES. Iowa. March .19.^-
By reversing the lower court's deci
sion to-day the Supreme Court of Iowa
releases Mrs. Ida Gallagher, who Is
Eerving time for perjury.
Mrs. Gallagher was tried and ac
quitted of a charr «j£ murdering her
husband, her evidence tending to fas
ten the crime on Charles ;Holladay,
an accomplice, who Is now serving a
life sentence for the crime. She was
afterward tr'ed on a charge of per
jury, convicted and sentenced to twen
ty years. -
IDA GALLAGHER RELEASED
BY IOWA SUPREME COURT
"It is not unnatural that in time of
war there exists between the people of
belligerents a degree of enmity, but In
my opinion it is a notable feature of
the present conflict that since its out
break .the Russians have acted in an
untoward manner with. the non-com
batants and prisoners of our people.
The Vladivostok squadron fired upon
Japanese merchantmen and sank one
of them. A Japanese major and five
soldiers, who were taken prisoners In
Korea, were paraded through the
streets of Mukden. Japanese residents
in Manchuria, many of whom were
women, were subjected to Indignities
while on their way to a seaport to find
a steamer to take them to Japan. This
report from Berlin, tells of the cruel
treatment of innocent people by the
police authorities of Siberia.
"Just think ] how Russians are
treated" in Japan. You never hear any
complaint by theni against the Jap
anese authorities and people. On the
contrary. *t was reported from
Chemulpo that when the bodies of
two Russian sailors were recovered
from the wreck of the Varlag the sail
ors . of the Japanese men-of-war
buried them .with military honors and
many residents of the Japanese town
at that port went to their graves but
of respect for their honorable death.
"I do not mean to. expect of the
country and people at war with us
anything unusual, but I sincerely hope
that they will show at least some
moderation In the treatment of those
Innocent but unfortunate sufferers,
hot only for their sake but for the
sake of the: good name of that great
empire as one of the "civilized coun
tries."-
The Minister. spoke earnestly, but
without excitement.
War News 1 -Continued on Page 26.
towns. It was said, they were ordered
by the police authorities to leave at
a moment's notice," without time to
take their effects with them. We
therefore have decided to have them
sent to Japan.
'UNITED STATES
¦¦• MAKES APPEALlON
: JAPAN'S BEHALF
- According to the advices to the Rap
pel ' from I its 'Shanghai g correspondent,
the Japanese navy : is utilizing an in
strument f. invented * by ' a ' British en
gineer, by means of 'which the slightest
sound proceeding from' an enemy's ves-
PARIS, March; 20.— The Tokio cor
respondent of thei Matin says the Jap
anese Cabinet has held, a meeting. for
the discussion of important \ matters- of
finances." During. the' past two month's,
it: is. said, $12,500,000 soldhas left the
country.". . , i:-,,*. ...¦:' ¦ ..'-':¦.:»¦ .'¦¦:
The report. that. the~ Government had
purchased the German steamer Kaiser
Friederich III (which was built for the
North German Lloyd line, but failed to
meet the speed ; requirements) is un
true^ -.'¦,' , ; \ ¦¦ .-' '.¦;¦;:¦¦ ...' .... .
.The Emperor, yesterday' Inspected^a
carload of "little v comforts'; that., had
been collected and-, prepared by,, his
daughters, Grand Duchess ,Qlga ¦'" and
Grand Duchess' , Eatlma;. and 7 their
j/layrnates . for \wounded Russian" sol
diers.' His Majesty caused the children
much' delight '. by, "the", interest" he, man
ifested , in", their, work. Later the Em
peror spent two hours In "going over, the
dispatches regarding the movements
of: troops and the plan of the cam
paign.; : : < i . . " .
ST. PETERSBURG, March .20.— The
Government has forbidden the trans
mission of all cipher messages through
out Russia and also abroad. It is. a
military, measure. :..: v ...
, MUKDEN, .March 19.— So. far. every
thing is quiet here. Lights can be
seen", at "sea' nightly off Newchwang.
From Port Arthur the enemy's fleet
can .sometimes be 'sighted. r ¦¦¦_*'
* YINKOW, 'March .19.'— The"* Russian
authorities notified foreigners' at' New
chwang. to-day t , that they - were for-,
bidden to .pass the city walls or! to go
to ¦ the Russian' railway station or 'the
fort. Foreigners ' are allowed to' visit
only, the gunboats of their ' own na 1 
tions.' Twenty, thousand men are quar
tered In the villages . between . Fiichow.
and 'Newchwang ' and . ten . thousand
more are expected. The, Russians were
intrenching themselves between the
fort at th^e 1 mouth of the river and the
town. '¦¦¦¦¦¦
sel is made audible, : thus. enabling a
ship to tell the approach of. an enemy.
Well Known Editor Passes Away.
ATLANTA, Ga., March 19. —Henry
Richardson, for many years editor of
the Atlanta Journal and widely known
as a .speaker, died to-day.
Special, Cablegram, to The Call and New York .Herald. Copyright,, 1904, by
the New York" Herald Publishing:" Company.
Thirty Thousand Russians Will
Defend Town of Newchwang.
WASHINGTON. March 19.— Admiral
Dewey, who returned yesterday from
the naval maneuvers in Southern
waters, called on President Roosevelt
to-day to present to him a personal
message of good will from President
Palma of Cuba. The admiral told the
President that the people of the new
republic were notably prosperous, and
that both President Palma and the
Cuban people attributed their prosper
ity to the Government of the United
States. Dewey expressed his pleasure
at the conditions on the islands as he
himself had observed them.
pressions of (iood Will to the
Chief Rxccutlvc. <¦
Admiral Dewey Conveys Palmn's Ex-
CHILE'S PRESIDENT SENDS
MESSAGE TO ROOSEVELT
< Staff orders issued- at Harbin, which
have just arrived here by mail, show
that Chinese troops have moved much
farther north than was supposed, Gen
eral Tinchensr having concentrated S000
nten at Dodune, which 'Is - only •« 100
miles west of Harbin; General Ma hav
ing 10,000 at Kaupantz, while; another
5000 are at Tzemihtun and 10,000 >7at
Ichau, all points bordering upon'Vthe
zone of Russian military operations.'.
These staff orders are significant, In
asmuch as they lay stress \upon -the
holding aloof of the Chinese officials
In Manchuria, the civil Governor at
Mukden having forbidden the Chinese
to supply, cattle, food or fodder toithe
Russians. ' The Governor of Halcheng.
although administering the affairs * of
a town situated on the railway; Is. said
to have orrteredjthe people; not to "ac
cept Russian mdne>\* and, according to
native reports, he is organizing Boxer
bands. The 1 native Governor of Klrln
has ; issued.^ a proclamation .enjoining
the observance' of the strictest neutral
ity, but he refused to j withdraw the
troops In 'the neighborhood until im
peratively ordered to do so by the Rus
sian headquarters.' ; ' ; ¦;.
In accordance personal . orders
from the Emperor, the English lan
guage Is now being taught the Impe
rial Page Corps. ( The lessons began
this week.
Realizing that offensive naval opera
tions are impossible under "present con
ditions, it is believed that no oppor
tunity will be neglected to repair this
initial misfortune, even should it In
volve considerable risk. Consequently
the report that seven "Russian warships
were sighted .the .other day_ off Gensan
creates much speculation here" as to
whether they could- be. the vessels' of
the cruiser division. " The number of
ships sighted apparently does not tal
ly with that of the Vladivostok divi
sion, which properly consisted of four
fast cruisers and the transport 'Lena.
It is learned, however, • that the .out
break'of hostilities 'found two ships' of
the volunteer fleet. at Vladivostok,- and
there is reason % to' -believe that- these
have since been fitted, out with guns
taken from mountain -batteries. It is
possible that the . ships sighted were
those of Captain Reitzenstein, ' whose
object, if ho ventured so far from the
coast, could hardly t be anything ex
cept to slip into Port Arthur.
If this is true, it is calculated that
the squadron must have already run
the gauntlet of the Korean Straits and
be very close to Port Arthur.
ST. PETERSBURG^ Ma irch .,,19.— The
whereabouts of the'viadivostok squad
ron is a profound official; secret, but
there are*, those here who believe" that
the Japanese may'awaken'gome morn
ing to find". tha,t .the two divjsjons of
Russia's Pacific fleet have effected -a
Juncture." It is betraying no confidence
to state that both the Admiralty and
Vice Admiral Makaroff f before he. left
for the Far East, -regarded .. the fact
that the divisions were separated as
most unfortunate. for Russia's chances
of success at sea.
BUFFALO. N. Y., March 19. — Ma
jor Theodore A. Bingham. United
States en: ieer in charge of the Buf
falo office, was badly Injured In an ac
cident to-day while ' superintending
the hoisting of a launch in the har
bor. The accident was due to the fall
ing of a - errick. which caught Major
Bingham and Quartermaster Perduffy
and narrowly missed some fifteen
other Government employes who were
at work getting the launch out of the
water. . Both Major Bingham's legs
were broken.
Major Blngham Severely Injnred
While Superintending Work of
llni.vtins a Launch.
FALLING DERRICK BREAKS ,
LEGS OF ARMY OFFICER
Warships Making
Dash to Port
Arthur.
SALT LAKE, Utah. March 19.— After
being chased from the banks of the
Danube to the shores of the Great Salt
Lake by the brothers of the girl he
killed, Nicholas Naronovich. a Greek,
is In Jail here, charged with four mur
ders. He has confessed to three.
Five years Naronovich killed pretty
Eva Dametrea, In Wrabatz. . Austria,
because she refused to mjtrry him.
Her three brothers' vowed vengeance
and sent word to their tWo brothers in
this country that the murderer should
be hunted down. He was at work near
Bingham, Utah, when one of the
brothers came across him 'and notified
the- officers. It appears that Narono
vich, after killing his sweetheart, fled
to Chicago, where he committed two
other murders on December 20, 1903.
The victims were Rade Vldovich and
Tony Calovlc The murder occurred
at a dance in South Chicago. Narono
vich immediately returned to hia na
tive land and there killed Nicholas
Gagula, who had been his rival for the
affections of his girl victim. Then ha
came back toi this country, seeking the
West to hide his identity. But the
brothers of the girl pursued him and
yesterday one of them ran him down
near this city. The prisoner denies
that he killed Eva, declaring that she
cornmlited suicide. He admits, though,
that he murdered the menjn Chicago
and his rival, Gagula.
Special Dispatch to The Call
But a willingness is also manifest to
take even Cleveland if there should be
a sentiment among the Democrats of
New York that he would be the strong
est man. It was supposed that Cleve
land had no friends in the South, and
yet a canvass shows that there Is a
very long list of Cleveland supporters
In that section. It Is far stronger than
that which existed In 1392, when tha
Southern delegates cursed the former
President In one breath' and In the next
voted for him as a candidate. The
strongest conclusion to be drawn from
the canvass, therefore, is that Cleve
land cannot be eliminated from the sit
uation until the delegates meet at St.
Louis.
Here is an epitome of the Investiga
tion: Of thirty-three Democratic Sen
ators twenty-three, were interviewed.
Representatives were Interrogated from
the States of Alabama, Louisiana, Tex
as, South Carolina, Georgia, Tennessee
and Mississippi. Senate— Parker or Gor
man 2, Parker 2. Gorman 9. non-com
mittal 9. Cockreil 1. Representatives-
Parker or Gorman 13, Parker 32, Gor
man 1, Cockreil 1, Cleveland first choice
2, Cleveland second choice 8, Olney 1.
non-committal 6, New York's choice 3,
Hearst 1, Senator Bailey L Total 65.
The willingness of the Southern Rep
resentatives to take Gorman as second
choice Indicates that there will be
a strong sentiment to give the Mary
lander a boost If the signs are favor
able, v • •
What is particularly luminous and
Indicative of the change of sentiment
in the South is the solid demand for a
conservative. Parker or Gorman, say
numerous Senators and Representa
tives; Gorman, Parker or Cleveland,
say others.
WASHINGTON, March 19.— Fearins
the ascendency of the Hearst-Bryan
combination In the Democratic Na
tional Convention, which it believes
might mean the loss of the State of
New York, the South haa started a
landslide for a conservative candidate.
This has been demonstrated by a can
vass of the majority of the Southern
States through their representatives
in Congress. In the Senate the senti
ment, in so far as it I3 for any par
ticular candidate, is for Senator Gor
man; in the House, Judge Parker is
far and away in the lead. The only
explanation given for the Parker boom
is the belief that New Tork will In
struct its delegates for Parker at the
April convention and nearly all the
Southern Democrats are band wagon
statesmen. They want to be with the
winner. It is clear that Parker is be
ing used to keep the delegates away
from Hearst and Bryan. It does not
follow that the South will be solid for
the New York judge, but he has a
tremendous lead.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
It Is understood here that the life
long desire d Jules Cambon has been
to finally settle the Moroceoan ques
tion, he regarding it vital to France's
colonial policy. His brother Paul, the
French Embassador in London, is
equally interested, and the two states
men, working together, have made
strenuous efforts since Jules Cambon
retired from his position as French
Embassador to the United States to
effect a solution of the difficulty.
ing Spain that Morocco will not be al
lowed to enter into the Anglo-French
negotiations until Spain shall accept
the French proposals has created keen
satisfaction in official . circles '.and is
regarded as strengthening Spain's po
sition both in European and African
spheres. Pour parleurs are now pro
ceeding with the object of trying to
reach an agreement in regard to what
is neatly termed the degree of "pacific
penetration" which the respective pow-«
ers shall be granted in their industrial
invasion of Morocco.
The action of the British Foreign
Minister, Lord Lansdowne, In assur-
MADRID, March 19.— It is learned
here that the British Government has
declined to negotiate with France re
garding Morocco until France will com
plete arrangements concerning Moroc
coan affairs with Spain. In conse
quence of 'is negotiations to the lat
ter end have been resumed this week
at Paris and Madrid, but no conclu
sion can be expected fcr some time.
Hence when the pending Anglo-French
treaty is published it will be found
that the status of Morocco, so long one
of Europe's most thorny problems, re
mains unchanged.
Pontiff -Receive* Congratulatory Ad
dresses and Telegrams From All
. Pails of Italy and Abroad.
ROME, . March 19. — To-day being
SL Joseph's day. Pope Pius* name day.
I*OPE PIUS' NAME DAY
IS LOVINGLY CELEBRATED
The remarks of the Pope give ad
ditional certainty that M. Loubet will
not make a call at the Vatican during
his coming visit to Rome. The plans
for the Presidential trip are now prac
tically made up. They include a mil
itary review in Rome, a naval review
at Naples and a number of brilliant
logser functions, but there is no men
tion of the Vatican. This is being com
pared with Emperor William's con
spicuous attentions to the Vatican au
thorities during his visit to Rome and
his showy call on Pope Leo, escorted
by cuirassiers, on May 2, 1901
A prominent personage says Presi
dent Loubet will go to Rome more like
Charlemagne, a representative of au
thority instead of dependence. The
visit will also be notable in breaking
the long standing custom that the visit
of the ruler of a Catholic country to
Rome required a visit to the Vatican.
It Is a recognized fact among the dip
lomats that Emperor Francis Joseph
has not returned the visit of the King
of Italy because he would be expected
to call at the Vatican. The Kings of
Spain and Portugal have refrained
from going to Rome for similar rea
sons. M. Loubet's visit will emphasize
a departure from this accepted usage.
But the tension between France and
the Vatican promises to be offset by a
strengthening of the bonds between
France and Italy, particularly concern
ing the Mediterranean interests. The
visit will follow the conclusion of th«
Franco-Italian arbitration treaty,
which is another link in the interna
tir nal understanding which France re
cently ha* been establishing.
The situation of Premier Combes'
Ministry Is gradually becoming preca
rious as a result of its recent parlia
mentary reverses. It is not considered
that an Imminent crisis will occur, but
even the best informed Government
quarters describe the Ministry as grad
ually crumbling away. The gradual
sapping of M. Combes' strength Is not
due to the pending law suppressing all
forms of congregational teaching, as
his majorities have been steadily main
tained on that question, but the diffi
culties are mainly due to socialist
measures for worklngmen's pensions
and employment agencies. There Is lit
tle doubt that Foreign Minister Del
casse will remain In office, as he is con
sidered to be the strong man of the
party and his recent treaty acquire
ments are regarded as placing him
among the first statesmen of contem
porary France. . V
to call for an official report, which is
row in the possession of the authori
ties. It was at first thought that the
unofficial reports of the Pope's utter
ances might be overstated, but the of
ficial report confirms the gravity re
ported. They referred to the past and
present laws in relation to teaching by
rr-ligjous orders. The Pope character
ized some of the steps as contrary to
liberty and civilization, and he also
criticized the arraignment of three
French Cardinals before the Council of
State for writing letters to President
Loubet against the proposed extension
of the law.
course of his address lo the Cardinals
yesterday is receiving serious attention
in the highest quarters_JJe.rej ..It^ has
b«*?ti regarded as sumYffrBtfirimpoftant
PARIS, March 19.— The Pope's caus
tic criticism of French policy in the
It is probable that the French Em
bassador to the Vatican will be re
called and the concordat abolished, but
this will assuredly provoke great dis
satisfaction and possibly bring about
the fall of Combes. At all events, the
church will thrive in France as In
oiher countries without Embassadors
or concordats. The unexpected energy
Pope Plus is displaying, regardless of
temporal benefits, where the religious
interests of the church are concerned,
is universally admired.
ROME, March 19.— According to one
of the Cardinals, the Pope's violent
anti-French allocution yesterday "was
carefully considered beforehand at a
meeting of the Cardinals. The reli
gious situation in France is intolerable
and previous remissness on the
part of the Vatican has encouraged
Premier Combes to attempt utterly to
demolish Catholicism and has discour
aged resistance on the part of French
Catholics.
Special Dispatch ta Tfce Call
it Is Not Unlikely That the French
Embassador to the Vatican WiU
Be Recalled From Italy,
Charge Made but Admits That
-He Killed Three Men.
Prisoner Denies Bis Guilt on Specific
Action of the British Foreign Minister,
Lord Lansdovrne, Fleases the
Officials at Madrid.
Boom for New York Judge Is Based on
the Belief That I c Will Have •
Backing of His State
Believe That It May Re
sult in Downfall oi
the Premier.
Greek Is Arrested in Utah
lor Crime Committed .
in Austria.
Parker or Gorman Would
Be Welcomed at Head
ol the Ticket.
France Must Complete Her
Negotiations With (lie
Spanish Court.
Cardinals Indorse
the Arraignment
of Combes,
Start Landslide lor
a Conservative
Candidate.
England Takes Firm
Position in the
Matter.
Brother of the Dead
Girl Traces Her
Assassin,
CHEFU, March 19. — A battle has occurred south of the Yalu River, but no '.'authentic
details. arc obtainable here.. A private dispatch received from Mukden to-day said the Rus
sians had taken 1800 prisoners: Another; report zvas to' the effect that there were heavy
losses on both sides, but that the Russians' eventually routed the Japanese.' From so many
sources have reports of the battle come, that they are, credited here, despite the absence of full
details.
MOROCCOAN
QUESTION TO
BE SETTLED
APPROVE
PONTIFFS'
CRITICISM
CAPTURES
MURDERER
OF SISTER
SOUTHERN
DEMOCRATS
WAKING UP
ARMIES BATTLE ON YALU
RIVER AND THE ISSUE OF
THE COMBAT IS IN DOUBT
Alcazar— "Pariifal."
California — "The Old M"1
Stream."
Central — "Shamus OTSrien."
Columt>U—"Tlie Silver Slipper."
Chutes— Vaudeville.
rischer'B — "The Sounders."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Tivoli — "The Oypey Baroa."
TXS TSSATSX8.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
FORTY-EIGHT PAGES— SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY; MAI^CH 20, 11)04— PAGES 21 TO 34.
The San Francisco CallIndorse Roosevelt and Fairbanks.
AUSTIN, Tex., March 19.— The
Tenth Congressional District Republi
can convention to-day adopted a res
olution indorsing - Roosevelt and , Fairr
banks for the Republican ' national
ticket."
The new company contemplates en
couraging both the production and
consumption of rice, bejjeving that ft
can be most economically produced in
GALVESTON, March 19.— At a con
ference to-day at which all the mills
in Texas and Louisiana were repre
sented plans were perfected through
which a consolidation will occur for the
buying, milling and selling of rice
produced in America.
The scheme Is equivalent to a trust.
There are several millions of dollars
represented in the new organization,
which includes as its moving spirits
John W. Gates of Chicago and AI Jahn
of New York.' Eoth of these parties are
already . heavily Interested in rice in
Texas and Louisiana. Gates owns the
largest irrigated rice farm in Texas anS
Jahn operates several -mills in Texas,
Louisiana and other Southern Sates.
Other local Northern and Eastern
capitalists are also represented.
Jllllmen Plan Consolidation for the
Purpose of Controlling Output
of the Cereal.
RICE TRUST IS LATEST
SCHEME OF CAPITALISTS
the South and that the middlemen
realize too heavy profits. Rice kitchens
will be established all over the United
States to introduce 300 different ways
in- which the cereal can be prepared.
Within the last three-quarters of a
century the wages paid to the laboring
classes have risen in Spain only 15 per
cent. Th«»y now average 45 to 52 cents
& day.*
Friends of Thomas, without his con
sent, dug up Information which shows
that the young man pleaded guilty to
the charge against him in order that
the real culprit, his friend, might b«
saved. The latter, whose name is not
gjven, was about to be married.
Thomas was arrested on circumstan
tial evidence. He knew the perpetrator
of the burglary, but did not' divulge
his information. Instead, he pleaded
guilty to the charge, although the evi
dence against him was very slight, con
sisting mainly of the fact that a stolen
watch was found In his possession. He
declined to account for the possession
of the watch, hence the prosecution.
SALT LAKE, March 19.— On evidence
proving conclusively that he was thn
vicarious sacrifice for another's* crime,
Wesley Thomas, a young man serving
a four-year sentence in the peniten
tiary for burglary, has been granted a
full pardon by * the State Board of
Pardons.
Special D!*satch to The Call
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, March
19. — While sailing in a canoe on Lake
Lagunita, in the foothills back of the
university, this evening W. H. Dole
and G. E. Dole of Riverside were cap
sized and came near drowning. They
were in the unusually rough water for
more than twenty minutes and were
near the point of exhaustion from at
tempting to swim to the shore when
the rescuing party reached them.
Narrowly Escape Drowning.
Utah Prison Convict Is Par
doned When Acquaint
ances Prove His Innocence
CHICAGO, March 19. — Charged
with embezzlement. Francis B. Wright,
cashier of the First National Bank of
Dundee, 111., was indicted to-day by
the Federal Grand Jury. He is al
leged to have embezzled $54,000. As
a result of Wright's alleged embezzle
ment the Dundee Bank closed its
doors on November SO. Wright is safd
to have become involved through
speculation on the Board of Trade.
SERVES TIME
FOR A FRIEND
.The admiral said he had no doubt
that it was feasible to construct * the
dam. On thequestion of a .sea-level
canal Admiral Walker declared posi
tively that in his opinion it never
would be necessary to .go -to the ex
pense of constructing such a canal.
A lock canal would do air the work
required and cost much less.
Representative; Harrison explained
to the committee the provisions of his
bill for the government' of -the canal
zone. This bill provides for ;& com
mission of twenty business men, the
engineering work to be supervised by
a corps of engineers.
The engineering .features of the
work were explained at some length,
as well as the Intense interest which
prospective contractors already are
taking in the matter. The admiral
said that on the steamer on which
the commission was to sail staterooms
had been engaged to the capacity of
the ship by the agents of prospective
contractors, who .wanted to look the
ground over. In' this connection he
advised that / no requirement of law
should make it necessary to do the
work by contract, as he believed con
tractors might combine to * the disad
vantage of : the Government. It was
the intention of the committee, he
said, to continue actual work on the
canal as now being carrled'on by the
French company in order to demon
strate the exact cost of such work.
The engineering feat of the whole en
terprise was expected to be the con
struction of the Bhio dam. ' It will be
necessary to go 120 feet below the sea
level to get the proper foundation for
the dam. Although there have, been
many borings for rock bottom, Ad
miral Walker said that many more
would have to be made, because it was
essential that the engineers should be
absolutely certain of the proper
foundation before beginning the work.
Admiral Walker explained that the
estimate of cost of the canal made by.
the last commission did not include
the expense of governing the canal
zone. . •
Admiral Walker, in answer to a ques
tion, said that a large number of in
spectors would be employed by the
commission. These Inspectors would be
engineers and he did not want the law
to provide that they should be selected
through the Civil Service Commission.
"Admiral," said Chairman Hep
burn, "what you^have said in dispar
agement of the Civil Service Commis
sion has been very painful to some
members of the committee. Don't
you think it would be possible for you
to select what charwomen, scavengers
and water-carriers you- will need
through the civil service?"
- "lam very sorry to be misunder
stood," replied the admiral, "because
I am a thorough believer in the civil
service when it does not apply to Us.
But I am very sure that It would not
be satisfactory to the isthmus of
Panama."
the canal would be begun after the
commission had made a stay of a few
weeks on the isthmus, for which it was
to sail March 29.
WASHINGTON, March 19.— In con
cluding- his hearing, before the House
Committee, on Interstate and. Foreign
Commerce to-day, Admiral "Walker,
president of the Panama Canal Com
mission, stated that "actual work on
Prairie Fire Kills Cattle.
HEMINGFORD, Neb., March 19. —
A prairie fire south of here is burning
fiercely and . can be. seen for . twenty
Walker Says Start Will Be
: Hade.. Shortly After the
Arrival of Commissioners
NEW YORK, March 19. — The fol
lowing Calif ornians are in New York:
From San Francisco — Miss Anspacher
arid P. Anspacher and wife, at the
Holland) and A. Patterson, at the Ash
iand.. a ... . v , _, , _
Callfornians in New York.
Stanford Chooses Debating Team.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. March
19.— The men who will represent Stan
ford in the twelfth annual intercol
legiate debate with the University of
California were chosen at the final
try-out held here to-night. Th3 suc
cessful contestants who will conposa
the team are Frank' Roehr '04. San
Jose; Howard M. Lewis '64; Great
Falls, Mont., and Alexander Sheriff*
"05, San Jose. W. L, Blair '03, San
Jacinto. was chosen as alternate of
the team. -.~ , . -. - >
miles moving northeast of Alliance to
ward Lakeside. The Burlington Rail
way has lost much property. Many
cattle and* horses have been killed.
The range that has been burned will
not recover for three years. The wind
is dying down.
' US VEGAS, N.i£>. March 19.— The
Republican Territorial ' Convention to
day indorsed the National and Territo
rial administrations and passed reso
lutions^ favoring Statehood within the
boundary lines of their own Territory.
Delegates were elected and instructed
for Roosevelt.- ¦ . ¦
New Mexico Favors Statehood.
BERLIN, March 19.— Colonel Leut
wein, the German Governor of South
west Africa,- reports severe fighting
there on March 13. The Germans were
forced to retreat with a loss of seven
officers and nineteen men killed and
five wounded.
Commandant Glazenapp, with a
number of his staff officers and thirty
six cavalrymen, advanced ahead of
his main body and overtook the ene
my's vanguard, which had unexpect
edly received reinforcements. Glaze
napp was forced to retire, losing seven
officers' and nineteen privates killed
and three officers and two privates
wounded.
The -fight occurred on March 13, near
Owilokororo, with the Tet jo tribe of
Hereros, whom Glazenapp was pur
suing. The enemy's loss is not known,
but twenty dead natives were seen.
Glazenapp's detachment had one
machine gun. He is now taking meas
ures to attack" the Hereros' position
in force, and probably will ask for re
inforcements from Major Estereff's
column..
Colonel Leutweln later cabled the
list of the dead, which included the
names of Captain von Francis, Lieu
tenant Kggers and Dr. Velten, a physi
cian of Hablcht. Glazenapp himself
was slightly wounded.
The news of the German reverse
made a disappointing impression on
Berlin, since it involved the most se
vere losses the Germans have yet re
ported, and because it was hoped that
the worst was over. In view of this
latest fight it is regarded as possible
that further reinforcements will be
sent to Southwest Africa.
WORK ON CANAL
TO BEGIN SOON
"At any rate," Dr. Arendt continued,
"all sides agree that the Hereros have
devastated, plundered and destroyed
in a frightful manner. Our only con
cern now is to help our countrymen
without inquiring into the cause of the
rebellion."
The supplementary credits for
Southwest Africa were then voted and
the House resumed the debate on the
military budget.
The Reichstag then adjourned until
April 12.
Dr. Arendt, Conservative, questioned
the veracity of the w,riter of the let
ter Herr Bebel had mentioned. Pri
vate letters, Dr. Arendt added, are
often filled with vain boasting. The
House must wait until the rebellion is
subdued and then try to ascertain the
facts.
AREXDT TAKES ISSUE.
"The reports of the Rhenish Mis
sionary Society," said Herr Bebel,
"show that things are by no means
as bad as reported in the newspapers
friendly to the Colonial office. Those
reports show that the Hereros spare
the whites who prove to be not Ger
mans, like the English, Boers and
Danes. _ It appears therefore that
some of our countrymen have so ill
treated the Hereros that they have
generated a fanatical prejudice against
Germans in general.
"Samuel Maharaero, chief of the
Hereros, continues i the missionary re
port, has given orders that no harm
be done to non-Germans, missionaries,
women or children, but that German
men be shot mercilessly down. They
further report that the Hereros begged
pardon of white women wounded -by
stray shots in fights, saying they did
not wish to hurt defenseless women.
There is 1 no word of truth In' the as
sertion that, the missionaries made
common cause with the; Hereros. On
the other hand, many Hereros took
refuge in * the missionary stations,
which apparently were . regarded "as
places of safety."
Herr Bebel also said the Socialists
after Easter would demand an answer
of the Colonial Office on these mat
ters.
BERLIN, March 19.— In the Relch-
Etag to-day Herr Bebel, the Socialist
leader, referred to the German cam
paign against the Hereros, which, he
said, had taken on a character preju
dicial to Germany's interests and
honor, since all Hereros were killed
and no prisoners were taken. He re
ferred to a fetter from a veterinary
Burgeon, Dr. Baumgart, in the. Leipsic
Neuste Nachrichten, asserting that no
quarter was given and that every
black was shot down. Dr. Baumgart
himself boasting that, like a cannibal,
he bad massacred wounded men.
"Therein can be . seen," continued
Herr Bebel, "how far even our'edu
cated people are becoming brutalized.
Let us not deceive ourselves with^ the
belief that the present occurrences in
Southwest Africa make a demoraliz
ing impression only on -the troops
there. The descriptions sent must also
have a demoralizing and brutalizing
effect on the German people."
Herr Bebel did not deny that the
Hereros also perpetrated cruelties, but
he Intimated that the reports on the
subject sent to Germany were pur
posely colored. .The tales of horror
circulated by the German press were
at least partly untrue, "like the al
leged m,urder of two women, who are
still living."
'i. QUOTES REPORT. '
Glazenapp, the Commandant,
Meets With an Unexpected
Force and Has to Retreat
Says That After Easter He
Will Demand an Explana
tion From Colonial Office
WHITES FORCED BACK
QUOTES PUBLIC LETTEB
In Battle Near Owilokororo
Germans Lose Seven Of
cers and Nineteen Men
Socialist 3[ember of the
Reichstag Denounces Ger
man Campaign in Africa
COMMUNICATION.
AROUSES BEBEL
HEREROSMAKE
WICKED FIGHT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, MARCH 20, 1904.
22
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. . Causes
perfect dlrcstlon. - complete- absorption and
healthful reKUlarity. - - ...
For the cure of all disorder* of the Stomach,
Liver, Bowels, Kidneys, Bladder, Female Ir-
resularlties, Blck Headache. BIHousneas, Cton-
•tlpatlon,- Piles and all derangements of .the
Internal Viscera. 25c a box. At < druggists'- or
by mail. BAD WAT & CO.. New York.
Badway's
, refills
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Unites the best-known vegetable rem-
edies in such a way as to have cura-
tive power peculiar, to itself.
Its cures of scrofula, eczema, psori-
asis, and every kind of humor, as
well as catarrh , and rheumatism-
prove
Hood's Sarsaparilla
the best blood purifier ever produced.
Its' cures of dyspepsia, loss of appe-
tite and that tired feeling make.it the
greatest stomach tonic and strength-
restorer the world has ever known.
Begin to take it TO-DAY. • x^
Hood's Sarsaparilla \
Has won success far beyond the effect
of advertising only. .
Its wonderful popularity is ex-
plained by its unapproachable Merit.
Based upon a prescription which
cured people considered incurable,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Don't stand still —
Improve your position.
Read the HELP WANTS In
THE CALL. !
.. ADVEBTISEMEITTS.
.¦•¦¦.¦ s
Our New Sack Suit .. wmi
(^^ sW ¦ (\ sil k ' m*£& *I§C&2?^3>**sbw
'" ' ' : :.':': : V- : : '.¦_ SsfS* JwPf^J^*^Li I
C. No .picture nor description can y^UEm^S^S^^^M^'^W^^^
CLOSE-FITTING COLLAR
LONG, NARROW LAPELS 1^89 sSlm
BROAD.CONCAVE SHOULDERS WBSm$mi
WELL-MODELED BACK §1111
STRAIGHT, SMOOTH FRONT 111111 fBII
From $10.00 to $35.00 WM lii
WK^m^mMmmmmmm^mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmMmmmmmmm^mmmMmmmmmmmmmwmmmmmm J^sftsgWESgj-jI »j*-*i-
¦ Jr Q B a H iT^^skl H Jf n H j&t?ifi
DO TOD"fiETlP~
WITH A LAME BACK?
Have You Rheumatism, Kidney,
Liver or Bladder Trouble?
To Prove What SWAMP-ROOT, the Great Kidney, Liver
and Bladder Remedy, Will Do for YOU, All Our Readers
May Have a Sample Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
Pain or <Iull ache in the back is un- is evidence that yonr kidneys and blad-
xnistakable evidence of kidney trouble, der need immediate attention.
It is nature's timely warning to show In taking Swamp-Root you afford
you that the track of health is not clear. " 2tur al help to Nature, for • Swamp-
If these danger signals are unheeded *°™ ls .^ e ™. ost . P erfcct f . \ e * lcr . and
____ u 4. t ?i gentle aid to the kidneys that is known
more serious results are sure to follow: to medica , sdcnce
Bright s disease, which is the worst Swamp-Root is the ereat discovery
form of kidney trouble, may steal upon of Dr. Kilmer, the eminent kidney and
3:°H- bladder specialist Hospitals use it
The mild and the extraordinary effect with wonderful success in both slight
of the world-famous kidney and bladder and severe cases. Doctors recommend
remedy, Dr. Kilmer's Swamo-Root, is it to their patients and use it in their
toon realized. It stands the hiehest for own families, because they recoenize in
its wonderful cures of the most distress- Swamp- Root the greatest and most suc-
ing cases. A trial will convince any cessful remedy for anv deraneement of
one— and you may have a sample bottle the kidneys, liver and bladder,
free, by mail. So. successful is Swamp-Root in
Gentlemen — X attribute my present promptly curing even the most dis-
rood health to Swaap-Boot. I suffered tre^sintr ca«e« that to nrove its won-
snaay years with kidney trouble and had ! ires . sin B cases, mat 10 pro\ e its v%on-
aa almost constant pain in my back. ! derl111 rnerits you may have a sample
Tour jrrcat remedy. Swainp-Bcot, cured ! bottle and a book of valuable infor-
Yoli teu? 8lnCe beea Pet " ! mation - both sent absolutely free by
B. H. chaleee, ex-CMef of Police. I ma »'- The book contains many of the
Ozari. Ala- j thousands upon thousands of testi-
Lame back is only one symptom of j monial letters received from men and
kidney trouble — one of many. Other women cured. The value and success
symptoms showing that you need j °f Swamp-Root is so well known that
Swamp-Root are, being: obliged to pass our readers are advised to send for a
water often during the day and to get sample bottle. In writing to Dr. Kil-
up many times during: the night, inabil' mcr & Co., Binghamton; N. Y., be
ity to hold your urine, smartine or irri- sure to say that you read this gener-
tatioa in passing, brick-dust or sedi- ous offer in the San Francisco Sunday
ment in the urine, catarrh of the blad- Call. The proprietors of this paper
der, uric acid, constant headache, dizzi- guarantee the genuineness of this of-
ness. sleeplessness, nervousness, irrejru- fer.
]2r heart-beating, rheumatism, bloating. If you are already convinced that
irritability, worn-out feeling, lack of Swamp-Root is what you need, you can
ambition, loss of flesh, sallow com- purchase the regular fifty-cent and one-
plexion. dollar size bottles at drug stores every-
If your water when allowed to remain where. Don't make any mistake, but
undisturbed in a glass or bottle for remember the name. Swamp-Root. Dr.
twenty-four hours forms a' sediment or Kilmer's Swamp-Root, and the address,
settling, or has a cloudy appearance, it Binghamton. N. Y.. on every bottle.
' , DB. SH00P>3 REMEDIES.
Get, Well
That is all. Send no money. Simply sten above. Tell me the book
'.you need. I will arrange with a drujscsrist near you for six bottles of
I
i \ ¦ ¦ .
Take ,it a month at my risk. If it succeeds the cost to you is $5.50. If it
fails the druggist will bill the. cost to me. And I leave the decision to you.
Don't Wait Unto! Y«i Are Wone Why the Restorative Succeeds All Yoa Need to Do
¦ taken in timi. the sufferiDgof this little pne*1 Tou mar oil and rub. ad jn«t and r-nalr a Slnroly «l-n tie afcor* this b alL A*k fc»
would hate been presented. Her mother writes weak engine. It will naver be stronger nor do . ..
me; . ita work better, without steus. More power— the book r^ 1 nee<1 - Til » oSn I malw ta brs*4
¦J^^J^JS^^ttiSJA §£ more " team * nece " ary ' ~ 19 UbenL way u ""-** ***• "*
•ori,«irf they hiled, yetit took only two bottle* Ilestoratlv* U certain.
of your remedy to cure her, «nd she h»« remain- And bo with the vital organs. Doctor them
r e& cured. You can (ell others ol thU cure iljou aa you wilL That's mere repairing. Permanent But do not mlrenderat&ad m#.
sodetlre. Mr».C. H. A»enr. R«Kkd»le, N.Y." cures never come save through treating the
Tis a pity she did nt* nrst write me, -borore nerves that operate thoee organs. ThU is not a free treatment, with notalaa; t»
d (^r r A^SrusofBa / ou.Chicot i a f . And that my Rertoratlve do^«. ***' « « c «*»^ »« "¦¦•"««M-
had been sick for 20 years.; For Syears could do Ana **" my R « rtc> r*« v e does. wouJa the Fbysleia* who mad* it. Bet
ti»e she birely weighed go poundit now she bedsides and research in hoepltals— I made this T!)at wfcen fc e i» cured he will pay th* co«t of
weighs 11$. and is able easily to do all her djBcovery. I found a way to treat, not the or- the treatment— and rladlr
housework.*' • cans themselves, but the nerves— the inside *i»e'T-
-iSa^^* '«" «*•'* *"• *•» ££¦=££ a^ ra . t t%n t^a^T l h n e S a I t a h nd &at * **" ™' '*" - that «««. wno nUxh*
J. Q. BUllngsley of ThomasTUle. Oa. for three discovery has shown me the way to cure doubt may learn at my risk,
years has "been crippled with disease. Now her
in well. He writes: S It „.!,,, mT ofT ._ no ,^v T . Tel1 ot »*• Pl«*«*. to a friend who Is sick. Or
;.;. "I ii*nt*2$o.w for other jnedicjnes, and the II "•"• «f « Powlbto. wnd ffie h|i name a trifle to ask-
f j.oo 1 hare spent with you have done me more
, good than all the'rist" .1 know the remedy. I never can forget the * nitnute s time— a postal. He is your friend.
.Both money and suffering might ha»« bern study, all the research, the trial and tests that Ton can help him. My way may be his <ral»
»Med. .. «w» Perfected it. I have watched its action year
And these are only three from ot« over 65.000 after year In cases difficult. discouraging way to Bet well.
similar cases. These letters— dozens of them— Time after time I have seen it brine back
come every day to me. ' health to those poor ones whom hope had al- *¦ a 8tr « n Ber. offer to do all this. "Won't ywi.
How nrach serious illness the Restorative has most deserted. 1 know what it will do. his friend, his neighbor, simply writ*?
prevented, I have no means of knowing, for the
ullghtly ill and the indisposed simply get a bot- My only problem Is to convince you. ; 5l9 win i earn from my book a va _ ta H
*" Cared * " d ' And 8 o I make my o«e, And the bar, fact ,£ \ I "* "** tO '«
But of 600,000 sick ones— seriously sIcV, mind that I make such an offer ought of Itself to * eU for hlra - Hls case raa y *>* ««r!ous— hop*.
you— who asked for my guarantee, 99 out of 40 convince you that I know how to cure. Pleasa I" 9 almost. Other physicians — other special
have paid. Paid because ibey aot well. read It aealn. It means exactly what I say. lata may have failed. The matter is ureent.
If I can succeed in cases like these— faU but No catch— no misleading phrases In It. Simply then '
one time in 40, in diseases deep-seat*d and this — you take the medicine and I will take
chronic— Isn't it certain I can always pun the th* risk. , Writs me a postal or sign above to-day.
* T ' ¦ ¦ And you— not I— decide If you are to pay. Address Dr. Shoop. Box 7630. Racine. Wia.
GREELVBERG & GREE.VBERG.
GREENBERG & GREENBERG
We Announce for
Monday, Tuesday and .
! Wednesday
a Sale of 1904
I Shirt Waist Suits.
To start the spring selling right we
mzke these great reductions just to crowd
this* department and introduce to the
public our new styles In Shirt Waists,
Shirt Vaisi Suits and Oating Skirts for
the corning season.
Shirt Waisi Suits.
Regular $3.75 Suits, special $2. 75
Regular $40)0 Suits, tpedal &3.OO
Regular $4.75 Suits, special &3.5O
Regular $5.50 Suits, special &4.OO
Regular 56.00 Suifc, special &4.5O
Regular $7.50 Suits, sprcial SG.5O
Regular 59.OD Suits, special S T. O O
There will be no better lime to lay in
an entire season's supply of the above.
Greenberg&Greenberg
31, 33, 35 and 37 Gr<?nt Avc,
Cor. Geary St.OMAHA, Nebr., March 19. — Rob
bers blew the First National; Bank
building at Firth, Nebr., to pieces in
an attempt to loot the safe, but failed
to secure' the treasure. They were
scared away by citizens without secur
ing? any booty. .. . ;. . . ; \
Robbers , Blow Up Bank Building.
• NEW YORK," March .19.—Adminis
trators of the' estate of the late, George
Francis Gllman,' the millionaire" , tea
merchant? ' have finally settled the
cialma of Helen ' Potts Hall for . $60,
000. They paM her $20,000; in cash
and;; $4 0,000 In:scurities. > .'The "Settle
ment'.was"* reached afterV much liti'ga
tion^by" agreeritehtf among the legal
heirs and, ; the^ administrators, now.'be
lieveVthe^estate twill' be' s settled ( in ',two
or) three fitnonths.-' " -¦" ' ::-.;";!...»;.:•
Heirs Settle With Claimant.
Santa Fe Car Department Is Burned.
ALBUQUERQUE. N, M., -March 19.
The car -department of the ; Santa Fe
Railroad shops here has been destroy
ed by fire. One hundred men are
thrown out of employment as a con
sequence of the fire.
Instruct Delegates for Parker.
NEW YORK, March 19. — Demo
cratic county conventions held in Or
leans, Chemung and Cortla'nd coun
ties to-day to choose delegates to the
St. Louis convention instructed , their
delegates to v favor Judge Alton B.
Parker of this State for the ¦ Presi
dential nomination.
I NEW YORK, March 19. — Andrew
Carnegie has given another $5,000,000
for educational purposes, says the
Globe, the fact becoming known just
previous to Carnegie's sailing to-day
for Europe. The formal announce
ment of the gift and its purposes will
be made in a few days. It is said the
gift is for the Carnegie Institute of
Pittsburg.
Carnegie Gives Five Millions.
PERU. Ind., March 19. — Cashier
Atkinson of the Miama County Bank
at Amber was shot in the head by
burglars and seriously wounded last
night. The burglars had blown out
the front wall of the building when
Charles Warren and Atkinson attack
ed them and caused them to flee. The
robbers failed to obtain any of the
$4000 in the bank's vault.
Burglars Shoot Bank Cashier.
Fire Damages ..a t Refining, Plant.
ELIZABETHPORT,. N. J... March
19.— The plant of the Bay way Refin
ing Company in this city was destroy
ed byT fire to-day. The flames spread
to f tlie plant of the; Pennsylvania and
Delaware Oil Company and the ware
house- and part of. the- docks were
burned. About. 200* feet of 'the' dock
of the Pennsylvania and j Delaware
Company was destroyed. Loss' $100,
ooo.•-.';;¦ -¦, /*¦;;*,,'¦;,- ... ...
Say Success Is, In Sight.
'WASHINGTON. ' March:;i9. — Al
though success is" in/ sight, according
to his statement to the Fortifications
Board, '-. Professor Langley has declined
to "make any, request for, a further al
lotment of money ,to~cafry r on his. ex
periments :with his. 'aerodrome. ; The
board also^ has", decided^that^'it- is not
advisable at this time' to "make further
expenditures in that direction... . < '. :" ;~
CONDEMNED PRISONERS •
MAKE DASH FOR LIBERTY
Attack the Guard and Fight Their
Way Through Gates of City
Jail in Seoul.
SEOUL, March 19.— Emboldened by
the sight of the execution of criminals
in the city prison Wednesday night,
thirty condemned prisoners made a
dash for liberty. They attacked the
guard, fought their way through the
gates and escaped half-naked.
The prisoners had been Imprisoned
for three years, charged with assist
ing the Korean political refugees who
escaped to Japan in 1900.
« Fearing possible - trouble. Japanese
military guards have been distributed
throughout, the city, although so far
everything is quiet.
INTERURBAN RAILWAY
ESTABLISHES NEW SERVICE
Towns; of Los Gatos, San Jose and
Saratoga Now Connected by
". • Electric Line. .
SAN JOSE, March 19. — The 1 San
Jose-Los Gatos Interurban Railway
inaugurated its daily service between
San Jose and Saratoga and Los Gatos
to-day. A half-hour service between
San Jose , and Los Gatos by way of
Saratoga is given between 6 a. m. and
1 p'. rh. ; A mail and express car is also
run over the road at stated- intervals.
Work on a short line will shortly com
;mence between San Jose and Los Ga
tos by way of Campbell. . .
I An observation car service, was also
put: in* operation over air the electric
roads of this city, to-day. Tourists are
taken for a ride.of 104'miles for$l. '.
Escape From 'Burning Building.
NEW YORK. : March 1 9.— During a
fire in the seven-story furniture store
house of R. J. ;Hbrner.& Co." to-day
one' man was badly- burned and an
other was seriousiy Injured by, Jump-
Ing from a window." Ten, men were
forced to -jump^ from the second story
to a roof below. ' Annie Helwig, . who
was working alone in the rear . of . the
fourth : floor, was cut off j from the
stairway. Two employes carried her
to a window and" by forming a living
bridge helped. her to a near by build
ing. Loss, $50,000.
Masked Men Lynch Negro Murderers.
CLEVELAND, Miss., March .19.!— 7A
mob of masked men stormed the jail
here last . night arid secured Fayette
Sawyer and Burke i Parrls, negroes,
charged. with :-the murder of a negro
porter, and hanged . them from .the
railroad • bridge, . •
The deepest gold mine In the world Is
at Bendigo. Australia. Its shaft is
down 3900 feet, or only, sixty feet short
of three-quarters of a mile. The heat
at that depth Is 103 degrees.
LIVERPOOL, March 19. — Van. L.
Jubanovlc, an Austrian, who reached
Liverpool on February 11 on the
White Star Line steamer Majestic
from New York and who was ar
rested on the charge of being in pos
session of explosives with felonious in
tent, was to-day acquitted of felonious
intent, but was fined $50 for having
dynamite concealed in hia trunk.
Fined for Carrying Dynamite.
ST. LOUIS, March 18. — Judge Amos
Thayer in the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals to-day overruled the
demurrer of the thirty ticket brokers
to the petition of certain railroads
which asked the court for an injunc
tion to restrain the brokers from
scalping World's Fair tickets. The in
junction to restrain the scalpers will
therefore be granted.
Ticket Scalpers Are Enjoined.
Russian Exposition Official Departs.
ST. LOUIS, March 19. —Following
the abandonment by Russia of her
plans for participation in the World's,
Fair, Alfred Gutbur, an architect of
St. Petersburg, whom the Russian
Government sent here to supervise the
construction of the Russian pavilion,
departed for St. Petersburg to-day.
He was the last of the Russian expo
sition officials to leave St. Louis. Mr.
Gutbur called on President Francis
to say farewell. There were tears In
his eyes as he shook hands.
In another part of the city Andrew
Meyers, a non-union hack, driver, was
badly beaten by strikers, and at still
another point a hack driven . by. a
strike-breaker was. demolished by; un
ion, men. No arrests were made.
KANSAS CITY. March 19.— Albert
Ferguson, a non-union hack driver, was
shot and mortally wounded to-day by
one of four men, probably strikers, who
had decoyed him into the outskirts of
the city. The' quartet escaped. Fergu
son answered a. call from a, downtown
hotel, where the four men, one dressed
as a woman, entered the carriage.
When they alighted later they attacked
and shot Ferguson. /
Men Supposed to Be Strikers Decoy
Him Into Outskirts of Kansas City .
and Shoot Him.
NON-UNION HACKDRIVER
RECEIVES MORTAL WOUND
Embezzler Masterson Is Extradited.
LOS ANGELES, March 19. — The
District Attorney's office is in receipt
of a telegram from Governor Pardee
stating that he is informed by Secre
tary of State Hay that E. A. Master
son, whofis wanted here on charges
of extensive forgeries, has been extra
dited from Germany, whence he fled,
and is now in his way to this country
on the steamship Moltke. The extra
dition of Masterson was accomplished
through United States Embassador
Tower.
NEW YORK, March 19.— Another
cut in steerage rates from this port
to Mediterranean points has just been
announced. The 'most radical reduc
tion was that made by the Hamburg-
American line, which announced that
on March 22 the fast steamship Prlnz
Adelbert will carry steerage passen
gers at $17 each. This marks the
low water mark in the rates for east
bound steerage traffic and is a drop of
$14 from the rates which obtained a
few months ago before the war be
gan. '
Big Cut in Steerage Rates.
. HELENA. Ark.. March 19. — Federal
Judge Trieber to-day passed a peni
tentiary sentence upon three white
cappers, convicted of conspiracy to in
timidate negro workmen at a sawmill
in Poinsette County. The defendants'
attorney' took an appeal to the Su
preme Court of the United States, pro
posing to test the constitutionality of
the Federal statute enacting Into ' a
law the fourteenth amendment to the
constitution, claiming that under this
statute the negro citizen is granted a
protection in the Federal courts that
Is not given to white men.
Whitccappcrs'Scnt to Penitentiary.
PLACERVILLE. March 19.— This
morning at 10 o'clock, the time set
for passing- sentence on Convict John
H. Wood, who was convicted of mur
der in the first degree by a jury on
March 16, the prisoner appeared In
court with his counsel. On his being
asked whether he had any legal cause
to show why Judgment should not be
pronounced against him, his counsel
made a motion in arrest of judgment,
which was denied. Wood's counsel
then made a motion for a new trial
on statutory grounds and the hearing
of the motion was thereupon set for
Monday, March 26, at 10 o'clock.
Placerville Murderer Delays His Sen
tence by Use of the .
Statutes.
WOODS COUNSEL MAKES
MOTION FOR NEW TRIAL
PORTLAND. Or., March 19. — An
immense wooden trestle bridge, cross
ing what is known as Sullivans Gulch
in East Portland, collapsed to-day
from sheer decay. The bridge, which
was more than 300 feet long and near
ly a hundred feet high, was condemned
to team traffic a year ago, but had
been used as a pedestrian bridge con
tinuously.
The Chapman-street bridge, which
partly collapsed last night as the re
sult of the flood waters from a broken
sewer, is in danger of complete wreck
age.
Immense Structure Falls With a Crash
at n Time When It Was Not Being
Traversed by ' Pedestrians.
WOODEX TKESTLiE BRIDGE:
COLLAPSES FROM DECAY
CLEVELAND, Ohio; March 19.— Wild
scenes of disorder marked the opening
of the Twenty-sixth Congressional Dis
trict convention here to-day as a result
of a fight between the Dick and Fili
pino factions. The trouble started when
the Dick men nominated Charles Leach
as chairman, the Filipinos having al
ready selected J. C. "Ward of Lake
County as the presiding officer. "When
Leach attempted to take the chair he
was assaulted by the Filipinos and a
hand-to-hand fight followed, which
quickly became general.
The police finally arrived in force and
restored order. Each faction, however,
nominated its own committees and
ticket. The Filipinos renominated Ja
cob A. Beldler for Congress and. A. T.
Spltzer and F. H. Eggers as delegates
to the national convention. The . Dick
delegates nominated Jacob. A. Beldler
for Congress by acclamation and chose
J. B. Serge, and A. T. Spitzer as dele
gates to the national convention.
The local adherents of Senator For
aker are known as "Filipinos." The
former Hanna followers are now
termed Dick men, being under the lead
ership of Senator Dick.
The delegates to the national conven
tion are unpledged.
The administration of the criminal
laws at the Harrison-street Police
Court was said to be "more like mob
law than order."
Captain Piper expresses sympathy
for the head of the Chicago force and
declares that Chief O'Neill is an
honest, overworked man, doing , the
best he can with the tools at his com
mand.
Police inspectors and sergeants come
in for rough handling in the report.
A Police Commissioner to be ap
pointed by the Mayor and to hold of
fice for at least five years, an increase
of 1000 more patrolmen and the weed
ing from the present force of fully
400 men who are characterized as too
old or incapacitated by bad habits are
Captain Piper's remedies.
CHICAGO, March 19. — "There is
practically no^discipline and the force
could hardly be in a worse state."
With these words to-day Captain Alex
ander Ross Piper, retired, former
Deputy Commissioner of the New
York Police Department, who has
been in Chicago for seven weeks* in
vestigating the Chicago police force,
electrified the members of the City
Club. He was making a report of his
investigation, which was begun at the
instance of the club as the result of
the alleged undue prevalence of crime
in Chicago. According to Captain
Piper's report the Chicago police are
in a disgraceful condition of demorali
zation and inefficiency. Instead of
protecting citizens from criminals the
members of the force are drinking in
saloons, playing slot machines or gos
siping on ' the streets. ' Patrolmen
were accused of taking to their 'holes"
at every opportunity instead of walk
ing their beats. Old and incapacitated
men were found in "soft snaps,'- rob
bing the department of active men,
sorely needed. Open gambling was
found by Captain Piper and hand
books were running practically all
over the city.' Some police station
houses were asserted to be unfit for
use and a disgrace to the city.
Each Set Holds Meeting and
Nominates Its Own Ticket
and. National Delegates
Says Patrolmen Spend Time
in the Saloons Instead of
Walking Their Districts
POLICE RESTORE ORDER
Adherents of-..Foraker and
• Followers of Senator Diak
Engage in a Fistic Battle
FINDS OPEN GAMBLING
Former Member of New York
Commission Keports on In
efficiency of Department
CHICAGO POLICE
FORCE SCORED
FACTIONS FIGHT
IN CONVENTION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, ; SUNDAY. MARCH 20, 1904.
23
• Brighten up the carpet— make
the room look cheerful. • '. .; ¦
' ; Our advertisers will quote you-
prices. - i ¦¦'{,' ; : ' , --¦; §
Sec CARPET CLEANING
columns, v ' 'V^L* :
DR. PIERCE'S REMEDIES.
*~ t ¦ ¦ ¦ -. ¦¦¦ • ¦¦'.-•¦
[\ \&^^8fejja Often leads to pov-
/ /^^^j^^b wom an ever i sold
I 1 / /\^^s&j=J her heart for the
luxuries of life.
But many a woman who has gladly faesd
poverty for the mas she lovea, may well
doubt her wisdom when pain becomes
the mate of poverty. If she were rich,
she thinks, she could find a way of cure.
,nT!!. F0R W °MEN
WHO CANNOT BE CURED.
The proprietors and makers of Dr. Pierce's
Favorite Prescription now feel fully war-
ranted in offering to I pay $500 in legal
money of the United States for any case of
I^cucorrhea, Female Weakness, Prolapsus,
or Falling • of Womb, which they cannot
cure. All they ask is a fair and reasonable
.trial of their means of cure.
« you have my heartfelt thanks for your kind
' «.dvice to me." writes Mrs. Geo. Fletcher, of 106
Victoria Avenue, ©alt, Ontario. "Was troubled'
with catarrh of nteru« ¦ for over a > year.* " The
doctors said I would have to go through an op-
eration, but I commenced to use Dr. Pierce s :
Favorite Prescription and 'Golden Medical Di»-'
covery.' also his * Lotion Tablets ' and 'Antiseptic
and Healing Suppositories.' Now I am com-
pletely cured. ' after - using - six bottles - of I Dr. '
Pierce's medicines. I am glad to say his medi-
cine has made me a new woman." . ... ,
' ; Weak and sick ' women are invited to
consult Dr. Rl ..V; Pierce, Buffalo, N: Y.,
by. letter, yy-r^-N v : . -
, Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets are easy
and pleasant to take* A. mo6t effective
l&xauYc.j . .. i;i"-'-.v ¦ --' h'-h-* ¦¦¦¦'¦¦¦•¦¦¦
ADVEBTISEMENTS. -r-v.
GENERAL O'BEIRNE
SAYS:
"Pe-ru-na is an Effective Cure for
v>CX LCLI I I Ib
• General 'James R. O'Beirne, 290 Broadway, Washington. D. C, late Commissioner of Charities of New York City, N. T.,
and Assistant Commissioner of Immigration, writes as follows:
"As many of my friends and acquaintances have successfully used your Peruna as a catarrh cure, I
feel that it is an effective remedy, and I recommend it as such to those suffering from that disease as c
most hopeful source of relief." — JAMES R. O'BEIRNE.
Spring Time the Best Season Ccn * Mlddleton Benefited -by Pe;ru-na. written from Washington, D. C. says:
«f +V,* V*^.. +« T~ a *>+ r > k-««J/. TT Gene r a L J< ? hn ? I lT dl -5 tO T I V . Col °n e l. of "Allow me to express my gratitude
Ol the Year tO 1 reat vJirOniC Hancock Regiment. U. V. U.. in a letter . - , , _ . j t"
n . from in e St.. n. w., Washington, d. c. to you for the benefit derived front
rrh > ' Wr .i& S Jr preparation of Peruna as a cure •»• 00 « l * ** P *""> a ' On * »"* *«
Notwithstanding that a great number for catarrh, as well as a tonic, deserves brought wonderful changes and I am
of people have been cured of chronic ca- the gratitude of those afflicted with that •» _„._ D--.V/,« A a .»«
tarrh' by talcing Peruna during the past disease, as well as physical prostration. *»0W OS well OS 6V0r. Besides being
co!d season, yet 'if cannot be denied that l£™ t^^&™ c * y^^£&?Z One of the very best Spring toniCS it
the cold. wet. stormy weather has re- duty to rec ommend its usefulness to my /* an excellent catarrh remedy. —
tarded many cures, and. in some cases, fellow citizens." — Gen. John Middleton. MM 1 GRnSVFNnR
actually prevented a cure. • UAH. A. bHU* VLfiUti.
But springtime. has come at last, and General Payne writes: t_ . r ,. (nt i-tter h« savi-
now is the time for all catarrh sufferers r . n rnc . enft B Pavn , 407 Fourth SL « * ««ni «uw ne says.
y di t . e Sl lc ™Sl^tU r dif" N^wafh?n\?on P D yn c:.w^iusT thSt - "/ consider Peruna really more
wH?wsH s KSS.^ -2-a-iSaa-g %?^i\rz°^ -«**»«» ?*» / m when, ,**
s s aftirff; ffissi&eS JSKks ssjsa tsss&l *&?&*&££? « r last ' — T erou Z /etters
de Th y is a fiabiiity at this season of the n^ «»jnvi«o»un B toiiio to taUd up from acquaintances all overtho coun-
year is, in a great measure, removed, the s> stem. f,y as fo n g me ,f my certificate IS
X to t° a n ke fre°a u tmen? slect the opportu " Ccnc t ra ' * f 00^ 1 "!!! 1. genuine. I invariably answer, yes."
nity to take treatment. General John B. Erwin, Washington, n m r*
Peruna is acknowledged by every one D c wr ites- — Dan. A. GrOSVOnor.
a°t t a V e r^wl/ereve^ r^^ma U y nf be 11^o B ca C t U e r d e '"^V of "7" trlend % hav ?^' se i P<runa « V™ *° not receive prompt and satls-
\VhTn vou take Peruna "ou are not ev t s \ dyspepsia remedy with the most factory results from the use of Peruna.
JertmentlnR^ with i!S^Snknown remedy beneficial results." wrlte * &t once to Dr . Hartman. giving a
Pe M™nSnd women^f nationll reputotYon. Hon. Dah A. CfOSVenor Of the full statement of your case, and he will
i\^ru^Tu&y ln ,J^ «se ramous oh!o f ™»v- s^fftss. to Klve you hIS valuabltt "*•
Peruna does all that is claimed' for it. It Hon. Dan. A. Grosvenor, Deputy Audi- Address Dr. Hartman, President of Tlia
cures catarrh. tor for the War Department, in a letter Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus. O.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Business
Latest Spring Styles
The few words above and our name below
tell the story in a nutshell.
The suits are values— made by us and sold
direct to you. No middleman makes a profit—
that's why our $10 suits are not $14 and our
$1) suits not $20.
Suits for $ 10
The suits come in grays, browns, blues
and dark effects in single breasted styles—neat,
dressy, economical.
Suits for $15
The $1 J suits come in all the latest spring
patterns, including the popular gun metal shades.
Good suits for Easter— dressy and stylish.
Tuxedos for $ 15
For $1J we have Tuxedos, made of black
thibet— a good wearing cloth— gros grain silk
faced.
Trousers for $ 2 75
For $2.15 Cassimere and worsted trous-
ers — solid colors and stripes— swell patterns—
really-worth $4.00.
Mail Orders Filled
Mai/ order customers are served by us as we// as
though they bought in person. Write to-day— address
740 Market Street
fl The chanc* of a lifetime to get a sood Hi
JW . SIDEBOAaD. VU
If On «n'« Monday morninc. Best ¦
ffl value ever offered in this city for *J
1 the money, worth twlca our price. m
¦ U So.id selected o*k, col Jen finish. 3
' Hi b«v«>ed French platn mirror, carved 1
Hi work on too and front of base, ele- m
Q . gant cast trass handle* and draw '|
K ' pulls: nicely finished inside of draws;
fi . silverwar? draw lined. See iUus- , Jj
• W .'ratlin above: cur pric« $11.00: come H
K» In Monday. A. B. 8XZTS CO.. 19
fl " 128-132 ELLIS ST.. above Powell.S.K. JI
How would it do for youJ
grocer to sell poor stuff or dear
stuff as he sells Schilling's
Best?
;. ; : M oney badv •LQXDON. March 10.— The Government, to
day summoned the lasue of $25,000,000 in i'%
per cent stock under the Irish land act of 1003.
The issue price is 88. The list closea on or
before Match 25. . - . •. -- -'
ARRANGEMENTS BEING MADE
FOR CALEDONIAN GAMES
Several Athletes From Australia" Are
Expected, to .Be Here to. Compete
in Open Events.
The games committee of the Cale
donian Club has ' appointed the fol
lowing sub-committees for the annual
gathering and games to be held at
Shell Mound Park on Monday, May
30: Programme— W. P. . Grant, J. E.
MacCormac, J. M. Duncan: advertis
ing—James Gbrie, F. F. Finlay, D.' D.
McRae; music — William Mitchell,
Richard Gratto, Walter Reed; finance
— J. W. Cameron. Dr. J. A. J. McDon
ald, S. McGregor; printing— J. H.
Duncan, D. J. McFarland;- Peter Mc-
Intyre; flag— C. A. McPhee, Angus
McLeod, S. McGregor; custom and
costumes — D. J. ; McFarland, W^. ' P.
Grant, Walter Reed.
At the last meeting of the club sev
eral members delivered • addresses
strongly urging each member .to use
his personal endeavor in assisting the
games . committee in rnaking this
year's gathering arnarked success. By
the last mair from' Australia word, was
received that several athletes who are
going to the St. Louis Exposition may
be t present at the club's games and
take part in. the open events. •
The world is said to contain 99.000
locomotives, of which 56,500 are in
Europe.
Pins have been fo-und among the
Egyptian mummies and in the prehis
toric caves of Switzerland.
Ninety-eight per cent of the 00,000
blind of Japan support themselves by
practicing massage.
During the recent weather the
Chesapeake Bay was frozen over from
shore to shore at Poplar Island, with
ice In some places nine inches thick.
Fishermen on the lake of Neuchatel
are using automobile boats. They are
driven by a benzine motor and lighted
by electricity. They are flat-bottomed,
giide noiselessly over the water, do
not frighten the fish and are a great
success.
IJttlc Hope for Submarine Boat
PORTSMOUTH. March 19.— The Brit
ish submarine boat No. 1, which was run
down by the steamer Berwick Castle
yesterday afternoon, still lies under a
hundred feet of water. All the neces
eary appliances for raising the beat
are on the spot, but as the boat is in a
bad position the naval authorities have
little hope of raising her. From the
first there was no hope that any mem
ber of the crew could be saved.
When a Londoner describes himself
as a "housebreaker" he means that bia
business is to demolish buildings.
Emperor William's Train Derailed.
LONDON, March 19.— A news agency
dispatch. from Gibraltar says that while
Emperor- William ] was visiting the
docks to-day his train was derailed.
The damage was trifling; : •
Rain Finally Drives the Enthusiasts
of the California Club to Cover.
The Scores.
The strong wind dried the tennis
courts early yesterday afternoon, and
many players were attracted to the
courts. Most of them got there / too late,
as the rain came down just as they
commenced to play.
The semi-final match of the handicap
doubles started last Sunday on the Cal
ifornia Club courts was played yester
day afternoon. Fortunately the match
was won in straight sets and was com
pleted just before the deluge.
The contesting teams were Frank
Stringham and Sidney Salisbury and
Leonard Wood and Herbert Gray. The
former "owed 15" every game, while
their opponents received "15 4-6." With
these odds Gray and Wood \ were
thought to have an excellent chance to
win the cups. Stringham and Salis
bury were steady and in straight
sets. The score was 6—2, 7—5.
The final match,, to be played at 2
o'clock to-day, will be an interesting
one. Salisbury and Stringham will
meet Will Allen and R. T. Crawford.
The teams will meet on even terms.
They are well matched and the contest
should go five sets.
.Gray and Wood played a novel match
and one that was thoroughly enjoyed
by the spectators. They played a set in.
the pouring rain, but were driven to
cover by the uncertain footing.
Robert Drolla played one set with
Harold Gabriel. The former won, but
only after fourteen games had been
played. The score was 8—6. Drolla was
beaten two Bets by Pritchard. Score
6^—4, $—6. Hans and Gus Lisser played
a tie, each having won a set when the
match was called off.
German horse butchers will open a
restaurant in Berlin" to educate the up
per class in the use of horseflesh.
Celebrate Their Golden Wedding.
SANTA CRUZ, March 19. — Mr. and
Mrs. Lanfear celebrated their golden
wedding to-day.' They were married
fifty years ago in Pennsylvania..
Their seven children — Otis, Emmer,
John E., Charles E. and George C.
and Mrs. Minnie Tilden and Mrs. Ad
dle Taylor — were present, as also were
seven grandchildren. During the.
afternoon and evening their many
friends called and extended congratu
lations. •
VALLE JO, ' March 19.— The funeral
services over the remains of the late
Commander William E. Sewell, former
Governor of Guam, . were held in St.
Peter's Chapel on Mare Island this
morning. There was a salute and the
funeral honors accorded a naval gov
ernor. The remains were conveyed to
the chapel j under an escort of a com
pany of sailors from, the Supply and
one from the Independence and two
companies of marines, all under the
command of Lieutenant Commander
J. H: Qlennon. K detail of eighteen
men from the Supply acted as pall-
TENNIS PLAYERS ENGAGE
IX SEVERAL MATCHES
bearers. The honorary pall-bearer3
were Admiral McCalla. Colonel P. C.
Pope, Commanders A. J. Dlxon, J. H.
Bull, C. B. T. Moore and Lieutenant
Graham. During the passage of the
cortege from the hospital to the chapel
17 minute guns were fired from the
Independence. The body will lie
in state at the hospital until the early
part of next week, when it will be
taken East by relatives. All the flags
on the yard and ships are at half mast.
Remains to Be Taken East
-in Early Part of -the-Week
for Burial in Family Kat
MINUTE GUNS ARE FIRED
Funeral Services Are Held
at Mare Island Over Body
of Late Commander Sewell
HIGH PRIEST OF MORMON
CHURCH ANSWERS CALL
William Burgess, Friend of Prophet
Joseph Smith, Dies nt Hunting- ,
ton, Utah..*
SALT LAKE, March 19. — William
Burgess, a high priest of the Mormon
church. and one of the closest friends^
of the prophet, Joseph Smith, is dead'
at Huntingtbn. He was several times
married and leaves more than 300 de- ;
scendants.' Burgess was born in Put-"
narh~C6unty.Nf Y^in 1^22. ' With^if/
parents he • joined the'Mormon churcfi
in 1833 and after that became a close
friend of the prophet He was a mem
ber of the household -of Joseph Smith
at Nauvoo, III., for several years. .Sev 7
eral times Burgess was in the hands
of mobs in Missouri and Illinois when
the "saints'.' were being . persecuted.
He became captain of a company in
the famous Nauvoo Legion, the Mor
mon military organization of Illinois.
SAILORS ACT
AS AN ESCORT
TELEGRAPH OPERATOR CUTS
CHIEF TRAIN DISPATCHER
T. W. Dorgan Uses Knife on Railroad
Official Who Reprimanded Him
for Being Drunk.
BAKERSFIELD, March 19. — J. H.
Sheridan, chief dispatcher for the
Southern Pacific Company, was cut on
the face this morning by T. W. Dor
gan, - an operator in the office. The
cut is a deep one^ extending from be
low the ear to a point below the chin.
It is not dangerous, but the victim will
be disfigured for life.
Dorgan reported this morning in an
intoxicated condition and Sheridan re
lieved him from work, advising him to
go home... Enraged at this, Dorgan at
tacked his chief with a knife. He has
not been- arrested, . Sheridan .refuslng
to prosecute him. J, *
DONOVAN DENIES THAT
HIS RAILROAD IS FOR SALE
Superintendent of Bellingham Bay and
British Columbia Railway Says
, / Report Is Erroneous.
BELLJNGHAM. Wash., March 19. —
Superintendent J. K. Donovan of the
Bellingham Bay and British Columbia
Railway to-day strongly denied the re
port that that road was about to be
acquired by the Great Northern.
Donovan refused to state whether or
not the Great' Northern had an option
on the road several months ago, as
stated. He states that the plan3 for
the extension of the tracks in several
directions are now being perfected, but
that actual construction wilt not 'be
commenced until the question of
whether the State of Washington is
to hare a 'Railroad Commission ts. set
tled.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Several Minor Changes Are! Made in
Postal Service and Orders Are Is
sued by War Department.
' WASHINGTON. . D. C, March 19.—
Postmasters commissioned: Califor
nia—Robert B. Warren, Poway; David
I* Stewart, Santee; Curtis C. Booth,'
Edison.
Fourth-class postmasters appointed:
Washington— North Bend, King Coun
ty. O. Elmer Cathing, vice Irene D.
Llndsey. dead.
Order* War Department: Paragraph
11, special orders No. 64, March 6, 1904,
War Department, Is so amended as to
direct Captain John S. Kulp, assistant
surgeon, to report to the commanding
general of the Department of Califor
nia for assignment to duty and com
mand of Company of Instruction No.
2 of the Hospital Corps at Fort Mc-
Dowell, California; . First Lieutenant
Carroll D. Buck, assistant surgeon,
having reported his arrival at San
Francisco, will report in person at that
place to the commanding officer of the
battalion of Philippine scouts and will
accompany the battalion to St.. Louis
and take station with it at the Louis
iana purchase Exposition; Post Com
missary Sergeant Jacob Karbach.upon
return to Fort Apache, Arizona, from
furlough,, will,. proceed.. t.0. Fort Liscum*
Alaska.
Arrivals: A. G. Bartlett of Los An
geles is at the New Willard.
NEW YORK; March 19.— To-day's
stock market disclosed a lively revival
of speculation and closed buoyant • at
the top -level -.of -the day. Not only was
yesterday's reaction, caused by the Sul
ly failure, more than wiped out, but
net gains were established for the prin
cipal active stocks running from a point
to two points. St. Paul and" Reading
were the -largest gamers, but there was
a very large absorption of Pennsylva
nia and the Pacifies on a rising scale.
The equanimity with which the market
accepted the Sully failure was the cause
of the spurt of bullish enthusiasm. The
events in the cotton market were
viewed, in fact, with some complacency
inihe. stock market, as promising a re
turn^to a price level fairly representa
tive" of conditions of that staple. The
continued ease in the money market
leaves unopposed the advance In the
foreign exchange rates, which contin
ued to-day and approached near to the
point at which gold would go out to
Paris. The total sales of bonds were
$1,105,000.
The long expected Northern- Securi
ties decision on Monday of this week
unlocked the rigid bonds which have
held the stock market in a state of
stagnation many weeks past. The vol
ume of dealings has risen to more than
double that of last week, and prices
for the principal active stocks rose from
two to six points over last week. Rail
road traffic officials as a body have
modified their former discouraging
views of the outlook for new business
and have adopted a more hopeful tone.
The bond market has improved with
stocks, and advancing bids, have been
recorded for some of the high grade in
vestment bon,ds. United States new
coupon 4's have advanced #ne-elghth,
registered 3's and old 4's one-fourth and
the 2's one-half per cent on call slnca
last week.
WASHINGTON", March 19.— The Sen
ate Committee on Indian Affairs to-day
concluded consideration of the bill
making appropriations for the Indian
Department and will report to the Sen
ate Monday next. As amended by
Senate committee much additional leg
islation Is concluded, which for the
most part relates to Indian Territory,
among other things the committee
incorporated in the bill appropriations
to carry into effect treaties with the
Klamath and Modoc tribes and the
Yaahoskin band of Snake River Indians
in Oregon.
It has been provided by the Senate
committee that any person who Is now
or who may be in the employ of the
United States shall be prohibited from
purchasing, leasing or taking any in
terest in any Indian lands the distribu
tion of which was pending during such
person's employment, until after the
expiration of two years from the ter
mination of such employment.
An a^iiropriation of $25,000 was incor
porated in the bill for exhibits from
Indian agencies at the St. Louis Expo
sition.
The Secretary of the Interior is au
thorized to make sales of land in In
dian Territory covered by coal and
asphalt leases, subject to the right of
the lessee to use bo much of the sur
face as may be needed for such struc
tures as are generally used in the pro
duction and shipment of coal and coke.
The Secretary also is authorized to ap
ply the funds derived from grazing
from the tribal or community fund to
the payment of the balance now re
maining due on claims of certain li
censed Indian tribes against individual
members of trie tribe.
There is also appropriated $700,000 for
the purpose of satisfying the final de
cree of the court of claims in the suit
wherein the United States was com
plainant and the Choctaw nation, the
Chickasaw nation, and the Chickasaw
froedmen were defendants and respond
ents. All leases made by any allottee of
the Choctaw, Chickasaw, Cherokee,
Scminole of Creek nations shall be ab
solutely null. and void unless recorded
in the manner provided in Indian Ter
ritory within thirty days of the execu
tion of such instruments.
The Secretary of the Interior is au
thorized to pay out of the funds be
longing to the Creek nation the sum of
$6678 to the estate of WJJliam Springer
for professional services which Springer
rendered to the Creek nation.
To establish an Indian school in Elko
County, Nevada, $40,000 Is appropriated.
The committee recommends abolish
ing the reservation lines of the Poncho,
Otoe and Missouri Indian reservations
and attaching the territory to the coun
ties of Kay, Pawnee and Noble, Okla
homa Territory.
.The Seeretary of the Interior is au
thorized to divert the waters of the
Colorado River for the reclamation of
irrigable lands on the Yuma and Colo
rado River Indian reservation in Ne
vada. Five acres of such Irrigable lands
is to be allotted to each of such In
dians belonging on the reservation, and
the remainder to be disposed of to set
tlers under the provision of the re
clamation act.
Volume of Dealings Shows
That Confidence of the
. Public Has Been Restored
Relieve That He Should Be
Gixan Full "Recognition as
President of the Republic
WASHIXGTqJCV March 19. — It Is
probable that ah end may be made of
the. Dominican difficulties by the ex
tension on the i>art of the United
States Government of full recognition
of General Morales as President of
San Domingo. One result of the May
flower's trip was to confirm the offi
cial opinion tliat Morales has sufficient
strength of character and resources
to maintain' a stable government if
the United States and other nations
will prevent the illicit supply of arms
and ammunition. The State Depart
ment already has given some informa
tion on this subject to the shipping
interests doing business with San Do
mingo, having satisfied Itself that
nearly all arms and ammunition Im
ported into San Domingo came from
the United States and there will.be
further action in that direction be
fore* Ions, all with the view to ter
minate the present deplorable coffln
tlon in San Domingo without direct
intervention by the United States.
OUTLOOK IS BRIGHTER
NEW SCHOOL FOR ELK0
Xevada Town to. Have Edu
cational Institution for
Exclusive Use of Red Men
HAVE FAITH IX MORALES
Washington- Officials See a
Possible Way Out of
the Dominican Difficulties
Reaction Caused by Sully
•Failure More Than Wiped
Out During the Session
Concludes Task of 3Iaking
Apjfi^priatiqiis for the Use
of the Indian Department
SENATE CARES
FOR POOR LO
STOCK MARKET
CLOSES STRONG
HOPE TO STOP
THE TROUBLE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, , SUNDAY, MARCH '20, 1904.
24
J — 4DVEBTISEME2rra.
£^w M*L*sfi iSkS K^fid aSSt KffUi m*j£m fcl **Wi n^m B2*9 ¦Crrj !*€¦ wSSm^ 91 i b^B I I VEsdf *jB Qd • J*w
BfTfift - BaCv buul - NajQ n ji JiTilTTfc iui inPr^3 PltrW 9t"*^J ¦ JIJ Bfll KS CBH wPRH £&Bf 9S&M nbb-S BN MR COf'RR^ut'2
Will Be Used This Month
Seventy carloads of Liquozone, about 1,250,000 bottles, will be shipped from our laboratories to supply the demand for Marctu
-Think* of ¦the^hundreds.' of thousands whom that Liquozone will cure. Won't you, for your own sake, be one of them?
The First Bottle Still Free
What is the reason for this over- minutes without it. Andean excess of tainable. We cured with it every dls- All dl»*ase 8 thaf begta wi«x fever— «a ta.
whelming demand for Liquozone— a de- oxygen is certain destruction to germs, ease which was then called incurable, flammation— an catarrh— ail contagious «:»-
mand which requires four laboratories, No touch of Impurity, no germ of dis- Then, by the advice of the best scientists *»"?- an the re8Ults of ta P urt or P° ! wa<»<J
with 22 floors and 600 employes, to sup- ease can long exist in blood that is suf- we knew, we staked our fortunes and emm9 a^ bllIty Liquozone acts as *
Pl lt is simply this: Liquozone does what "tu t^xy gt^U a^ and unstable. We this p?ico because Liquozone vlt *"«'. »ccompUihte« what no dru*s caa Jo.
nothing: else in the world can accom- .cannot hold an excess of any gas in the will do for sick humanity more than all .5CV* Rrkttlf* ITf"^**
plish. No other product can compare blood." -Liauozone is a liquid, cohcentrat- the drugs in the world combined. It will •'"*' uul>llc Plw « .
with it as a vitalizer and a tonic Noth- ed. and stable. It goes wherever the blood do In germ troubles^ that which all me- fy e are spending $300,000 to give ft
ing else known can destroy the cause o1 goes. to\do whatever oxygen could do. diclnal skill cannot"accomplish without milllor j bottles of Liquozone away, one
any germ disease.'. . ' tfm e lncM« r«— , It It Is a product which all physicians to each of a million sick ones. We are
You Who are sick with germ troubles lilllS mSJCe UeFITlS. all hospitals and most of the sick must doln^ th|a because lt 8eems the best way
must use it to get well. And you who . Li auozone i S a tonic with which no have - . to convince you the only way to quickly
are^well will eventually use it to keep other known pro duct can compare. It W „_ 5iL«£iili»S set thIs heIp to those who need U "
well, as we do. Nearly all sickness could glves to every nerve center an abundance O€rm UlSeaSeS. If you need Liquozone. and have never
be prevented if Liquozone . was . used O f j U gt the food that lt needs. It sttmu- ; -A' '¦ used It, please send us the coupon, below.
every day. When these facts are known jn.tes every function of Nature, as an ex- ' BelOw we list the diseases now known We will then send you an order on your
the use of Liquozone will be. practically CC ss of oxygen would do! ' '•¦/' to be due to germs or their toxins. Every druggist for a regular 50c bottle and
universal. But thegreat value of Liquozone lies physician knows that medicine does not will pay your druggist ourselves for it.
WK-»f I JmiftTftno Iq in the fact that It kills germs in the body apply to them* because medicine cannot This applies only to new users, of course
VVlldl WiqUU^UHC »O. without killing the tissues, too. There kill inside, serms. . —to those who have never tried It. '..
Liquozone is the result of a .process is nothing else known that will do that. Drugs may relieve for a time; or med- The acceptance of this offer places you
which, for more than, 20 years, has been drug -that- kills germs is a poison Icine may act as a tcnlc, aiding Nature } under no obligations whatever. Do as
the constant subject of scientific and and it cannot be taken internally. Medl- to overcome the germs. But such results you wish about continuing the product
chemical research. It is made; .solely cine is practically helpless in any germ arc indirect and uncertain, depending on after you lear:\ what Lkjuozor.e can do.
from gas — gas made In large part from disease, as every physician knows. * tiie patient's condition. A -cure is always But be. fair enough to yourself to- try it;
the best oxygen producers. To make one L,j quO zone is a germicide so certain doubtful and often impossible. try it at our expanse. It must be appar-
cubic inch of Liquozone requires 1,250 tllat we publish on every bottle an offer . Licjuozono directly destroys the germ ent that we would not buy a bottle and
cubic inches of the gas. By a process O f .$1000 fora disease germ that it. can- cause of these troubles. No germ can give lt to you if there was any doubt of
requiring, immense apparatus and- a14 not kill. Yet It Is not only harmless, but escape it ahcT.ribne. can resist it? the re- results. You want those results, and
days\ time the virtues -of an enormous helpful and essential to the human body, suits are Inevitable. We have seen dis- you cannot secure them in any other
volume of the gas are made: part of the The reason is that germs are vegetables; eases which had resisted medicine for way. Let us — for your own sake — prove
liquid product. . ! • . .- . and Liquozone— lilce an exoess of oxygen, years cured In a week with Liquozone. It.
Liquozone is n.ot inade, like medicine, — is deadly, to vegetal. matter. Animals And - r It, cures diseases which medicine ¦ Liquozone costs 30c and $1.
by-compounding drugs or. adds; nor is breathe- oxygen and must have it. But fever cures. In any. stage of disease in '_ ,
there any alcohol in It. Its virtues are vegetables throw off oxygen and absorb >ihls llst the results are so quick and cer- *».-» ™v». -rtitc mi tnrwi
derived solely from the gas, and its carbonic acid gas. ' t* 1 " that w.e gladly send to every In- CUT OUT THIS COUPOiN
power comes through the remarkable It is this -fact, which has enabled the Quires an. absolute guaranty. for this offer may not appear acain. Fin
condensation. . discoverers of Liquozone to solve the - %***% K ¥«"JK l wl?ti!ii, l »«V \-hi
Art* I llro ftYVCTfln Breat problem of killing germs in the A^»*- k , Hay Fever-Influenza. Oxono Co - ****» * " h * a * ave - t - hl « u '
ACtt UKe V/XygUD. body without killing the patient, too. «^^7T« ' *" Kidney Diseases. ,.; .,"...
/The A-alue of Liquozone lies in the fact And this is the problem which no other mSoi Potion. J Ltu^rr^a. M ? kS^vw'trt^" Undone.' 'b,i L"iY you
that it does what oxygen does. Oxygen is man has solved. Brishf* DUease. LiT*r Troiitlei/ will nupDly me a 50c bottle free I will
the vital part, of air. It is Nature's ».. " '~ : "' ¦" Bowel Troubles. Malaria— Neurabria. take lt.
greatest tonic. Hhe very source^f^vital- We Paid $100,000 SSfeSS?.^ SS^SSSSSL^ '
ity, the most essential element of. life. • ; ; V-- .:, : - . ; / *" . Colic— Croun. Pleurisy— <Ju«nsy. .•
It is oxygen that turns the blue blood to For the American rights to. Liquozone— CocstisaUon. Rheumatism. .;;, f
red in the lungs. It is oxygen that elim- the highest price ever paid for similar £tte.rrh— Cancer. Scrofula— Syphilis.' •;-
inates the. waste tissue and builds : !_up rights on any scientific discovery.. . We Eandro'ff^Dro'ry. stomach Tmtio,'
the new.' It is the blood food, the nerve first tested tho product* for two years Djspesala. •_-• . Throat Trouble*. ntJ""N>V. Vr-'ti *»Aiir^.— wVitA Ai'u'lnVy'
food, the scavenger of the' blood. In fact; through physicians and hospitals,* in this Eczema— Erj-Bipelas. TuberculcsU. ' 1—3 : '¦ — ; - ; *—
it is Ufe— so esaentiai' to every. function countir and others. We proved it in ol"^'" VaHc£«7eT ' Any physician or hospital not yet u»la«
of nature that we could not live three thousands of the most difficult cases ob- Gonorrhea— Gleet. . /Women's Diseases. . liauozone will b« gently *uppl!ed for a t««t.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
How to Grow Tall
A Startllrjs Dlsoorcry Tlmt Will Rcv-
?Ictlonfze the Vljjflcal Conrtl-
ti<»n of Mankind.
Wfcy ncmtla Short ezd Sttmtsd Wtea
Vcu SIat lecsm 7r*e the Secret
d How to Grew Tall?
ITo Katter How Short Tea Are or Whit
Tear Ace. 7oa Can Iscrc&ss
Tcttr 2eii:ht.
No new discovery has attracted
more attention in th«? scientific world
than that made by K. Leo Minges of
Rochesttr, >T. T. Mr. Mingee Is to
ehort men and women what the sreut
wizard. Edison, is to electricity. He
has gathered more information relative
to bone, muscle and sinew than any
one elfe in existence. Making people
grow tall has been a hobby with Mr.
Minges for years, and the results he
has accomplished are startling to a high
degree. By his method every man or
woman not over 50 years of age can be
made to grow from two to five inches
in height, and eny one older than that
may increase his height perceptibly.
HJs method has the indorsement
of leading physicians, and several
prominent educational institutions
have adopted it for the better
physical development of their pupils.
If you would Uke to increase
your height you should read the
book, \\hich tells how this remark-
able discovery was made and reveals
t'i yo-u the secrets of how to grow tall.
It is free. You are not asked to spend
a fingle cent, arcl if you desire it we
will send you the statements of hun-
dreds who have grown from two to. five
inches in height by following this meth-
od. The results are quickly accom-
pliFhed. Many have grown as much as
three inches in two months. "There is no
inconvenience, no drugs or medicines,
no operation. Merely the application of
a scientific principle in a perfectly hy-
gienic and harmless way. Your most
irtimate friends n<?ed not know what
you are doing. All communlcaXlons will
b? sent in plain envelc-pes. The book,
'The Secret* of How to Grow Tall,"
contains illustrations that will interest
and instruct cny one. One thousand of
these books will be given away abso-
lutely free, postage prepaid, while the
present edition lasts. If you want to
prow tall write to-day, in strictest con-
fidence, for a free copy. Address the
Cartilage Co., Dept. 546 D, Rochester.
N. Y-. U. S. A.
Upon request we will be glad to refer
you to people in your own city who
hav<» foilowc-d our method with success.
I "The Credit °House" 233-235-237 Post Street* j|||g
<| 3 Owing to the rainy weather of last week we shall continue our great Couch Sale six JffW^
days lon Ker. Remember, we have secured a "wholesale bargain"— a rare thing; 400 s^y"
(s couches at practically our own prices, and we are eiving these as retail bargains at whole- 40?y
£a 3| sale prices. Besides this, we are offering the strongest of specials in several other depart- S^jvg £
jft t rnents. ' ' ' S^fe ;
3^ 3 nmirrrTC — Elesaot designs in two-tonea. » ir'C riTDTAIVFC O n * u,, n H r( -,! *^^«
*!¦ KRI SSrl S lar K° norals or small Oriental LALc LUKlAllN^ ~~- ¦ hundred
>^ ST DIYUJJLLJ effects, BORDERS TO / m LHWIL ' VUlUrtlllJ p:i , rs , n w hjte and ;|»ft;£
c^^T MATCH. This week, r.ot laid QjQ ecru, suitable for full-sashed windows. ;
S<=flrT V.'V" VIC" "»." * , Regular price $1.00 per pair. This ilC/-» -
mm IINOIEUMS Iad c e o r ° k f mr^ p ;^ er - wefk.w&e.thJria» p t.... p 65c |||&
e'vS^T seed oil. This week, SSr* AIIIITrn rAUCATlTmC c;^-^» «f =S X" \
MM rATT7rc rVoDCT-^^i'" «- QDILTED COMFORTERS sS^i Wk
'V Sr 'Lll I I Allr Lanrhl cohering, one yard tufted. Filled with best medicated cotton i 3r^ )
3 §1 ?, * I » «,-iJ a w5^: floral or mot- and covcred with dainty designs of silk- pflg
\ ST tied effects. Solid and substantial, «i:-- t>-«.,,i^^ «i -n ,.-»T.,- Tk; a ah *?« r>t^
SpWk T his week, by the yard, not laid. ... ?Sc olin f- Regular $i. 0 o value. This QCp B3jy&f
PUjv i| faw»v» week 7^W I 3^^
?§K' §^^^^^MS $5.50 Handy Couch.. $3.65 rlfll! RSPV >f^^==5>>v « • , • t H?*f
ig % E^^^^gg^ J8.50 Sanitary 55.73 11011 liaUIV PfiUfiSlS S^ <
S^ ft i^^^^^^^- 510 Covered Couch.. .$6.35 . — In imitation fiift lUUOulUI / >
i^l^3 m ' $22 Rococo Couch. .$15.00 mahogany. \\JI|f — Two feet 3wSj;
)^5^ P^^^0MpM ¦ 530 Verona Covered..$31.15 Firmly made. >|jj/ hl^h 12 Inches I| -^
C^®K $T5 Old Mission ....$83^0 **i feet Ions. Pj Mahogany 3}^J
3 fe'^^^^S^^^^! And hundreds of others. Four hooks. i^a finished and 3fe^
C^ M'^^^^C^^P ; 0HITP0N1EB — 8pe- ror in center. fp^\ base. Resrular | 3$S j
)R| 5 WL i§ clal °n*« r of a large Special this nfo J3.50. This t 3hH c
*s "/* *^V» i ar price CJC OC /LC 7&^^Z£&K~ Q^ '
C«i 3 week* *PiJ«Oi? UJW T if ' -jg $
|i ft d 343.00 QUIOK-MEAI. STEEI. RANGE, WITH HIGH SHE!.?. TJIS WHEK OIH^Y SIIS.OO ?
ADVERTISEMENTS.
To-morrow's the day
Special price $16.65
Easy enough to furnish home in good
style as. long as chances like this are pre-
sented— a $27.50 metal bed for $16.65. Called
a Colonial v design and is shown in four '
I pleasing color combinations, all of which are
included in to-morrow's offer. . Bed meas-
ures 67 inches high at head and 51 inches
at foot. A double bed, of course, and of thor-
oughly substantial construction. Special
price is positively for the one day only, to-
morrow (Monday). , - • ¦ - : - ¦ ' «
361 to 281 Geary -St, : at Union Square!President Receives Sf encllk's Present.
WASHINGTON, March 19.— In
charge of keepers of the National
Zoologist Park, the cub lion sent to
President Roosevelt as a present from
King Menelik of Abyssinia "arrived to
day from: New York. The keepers
also brought ) the two " fine elephant
tusks, also, a- present from King Men
elik, and -the, hyena,', which, was. im
ported for the r ollection ' at the .''zoo."
of San Jose would lose . much revenue
if the machines are declared gambling
devices, as they are licensed here and
the ctiy derives thousands of dollars
in revenue yearly.
SAN JOSE, March 19.— The petition
for a writ erf mandate of Joseph Fritts
cf Palo Alto to compel Justice Charles
of that place to issue a warrant for
the arrest of George Levin for conduct
ing a gambling game was denied by
Judge Tuttle of the Superior Court this
morning. Levin, who conducts a busi
ness in Mountain View, has a slot ma
chine in his place. On February 17
Fritts went before Justice Charles and
swore to a complaint charging Levin
with conducting a gambling game. The
Justice refused to issue a warrant of
arrest, however. Fritts then carried
the matter to the Superior Court to
compel the Justice ti/. order the arrest
of Levin. Justice Charles- justified his
action by testifying in court to-day
that he was in doubt after the com
plaint was made as to whether slot
machines came under the head of con
ducting gambling games.
Judge Tuttle after the hearing said
that he would take the matter under
advisement. District Attorney Camp
bell said that the case would be ap
pealed, as it was desired to have a
Supreme Court decision on the matter,
and said if the court saw fit to deny
it he would take an appeal at once.
The court then denied the writ.
The case will be watched with much
interest by the saloon-keepers and ci
sar men of this county, for If slot
machines are declared to be gambling
games all these places of business in
the county will be affected. The city
Decision Is Outcome of an
Attempt to Arrest Man
for Running Slot Machines
APPEAL WILL BE TAKEN
Superior Judge of Santa
Clara County Upholds the
Action of Justice Charles
TUTTLE DENIES
FRITTS A WRIT
LIVERPOOL, March 19. — The cot
ton market here this morning present
ed a lively appearance in view of the
Sully crash in New York, which was
not announced until after this mar
ket had closed. The galleries aftd bal
cony of the exchange were filled with
onlookers and in the ring the brokers
were waiting until the opening bell
rang. Then they gave vent to thc
pent up excitement which existed be
fore the opening. The market openc-J
26 to 44 ooints lower.
"I am engaged in making a careful
examination of my affairs and at th-j
earliest possible moment I w^ll report
the result- Meanwhile I crave the pa
tient forbearance of you all, feeling
assured that this embarrassment will
be only a temporary one and that I
will be able satisfactorily to adjust
my affairs very speedily." :_-....: .'¦
About Jl, 000, 000 of margin money
due to cotton brokers was realized by
Sully signing contracts.
Liverpool Market Is Affected.
The following letter was sent by D.
J. Sully & Co. to Robert P. McDou
gal, president of the New Tork Cot
ton Exchange:
"While I am not prepared to make
a statement of my, affairs, I feel that
.as a member of this exchange I owe
to you and its members at least to say
that the same straightforward method
with which my business has always
been performed between us In the
past will characterize my method i»f
dealing with, my creditors in this
emergency.
NEW YORK. March 19. — The ex
citement in Wall street that was
caused by the announcement yester
day of the suspension of Daniel J.
Sully & Co. was noticeable to-day, but,
gradually subsided during the market
hours and at the close of the cotton
and stock markets it was generally
agreed that the worst of the failure
was over. The stock market was
strong all day. The cotton market
was nervous and slumped sharply en
bad news in the early morning, but be
fore the close even the cotton market
became buoj'ant and moved up to a
point far above the lowest of. yester
day. It was feared that other failures
would follow the Sully crash, but only
one, that of J. H. Garrison, a minor
concern, was reoorted.
After a conference between Sully
and his lawj-ers this morning the firm
made a formal assignment to Joseph
H. Hoadley, who at once took charge.
This action was taken because it was
learned that an attachment was about
to issue and it was thought best to
apply for an assignee for the protec
tion of all creditors alike. Later in
the day a protest against the selection
of Hoadley was made at a meeting of
•creditors. Hoadley explained that he
had only accepted the position of as
signee temporarily in order to avoid
the placing of attachments and that
on Monday the creditors would meet
and select a permanent assignee. Sul
ly having declared that he would
agree to any man of their selection.
Writes to Exchange Presi
dent That He Hopes to Be
Able to Adjust His Affairs
FEAEED ATTACmiENT
Former Cotton King Turns
Over His Business to Pro
tect All of His Creditors
SULLY MAKES
AN ASSIGNMENT
Mrs. »Iiles Is Reported Better.
: WASHINGTON, March 19.-^Mrs.
Nelson" A. Miles, " who is seripusly ill
at her. home ' here, was reported -bet-^
teritb-r'day."^- 1
"WASHINGTON.- March 19.—Inabil
ity* of witnesses ¦ in the > Senator
rich case; to reach Washington to-day
resulted'in an adjournment of ' the ¦ in-
Vestigatlon"untir2 p/m. Monday next.
Dietrich . Hearhigr ; Is Postponed.
Napa board Tuesday or Wednesday of
next week.' -
are ' now in Napa County. The rest
of I the herd : is ¦ across ; Putah Creek [ in
Lake County. , ¦ .¦ > ,.
Dr. Blemer found"^ ticks on nine head
in NapajCounty,';but says'theyarejnot
Texas fever] ticks. - Putah 'Creek being
impossible ' to"' cross , on ' account of J the
high water, : Dr. Blemer : . went >• into
Lake County by way of Middletbwn;to
examine) the< rest of Hhe ¦ herd;", which
is supposed *¦ to; ; be ; infected with ; r dis
'ease.V? If \ the f cattle are ! infected ; Dr.
Blenier, ; witli the aid -of the Napa - and
Lake "county : Boards of- Supervisors,
wJll^establish^a^strictJ.quafantine'vin
Jerusalem^ Valley, .where j most I of \ the
cattle are; ¦' 'Blemer will ', report: to 'the
Dr. Blemer Locates Nine Head of In
fected Stock Shipped From
Monterey County.'
NAPA, March 1 9. — District Attor
ney Raymond Benjamin returned this
morningfrom a trip to Ink Range at
the northern end of. .Napa :^ County,
where he went with State Veterinarian
Charles H. Blemer; : last Wednesday.
They; found that ; 5 8 0 head : of cattle
had; been shipped into : Napa -County
from : Monterey 1 County : by. the
Improvement ¦ Company ; and ' that ; nine.
VETERINARIAN FINDS TICKS :•
ON CATTLE NEAR \ N APA
oath and bond. To-day ho filed a pe
tition in the Superior Court asking
that a writ of mandate issue directing
County Clerk Pflsterto Issue to him
the certificate of election and also If
the court so orders that it decide the
form of certificate to be issued.
County Clerk of Santa Clara Demands
Legal Opinion on Auditor's
Standing.
SAN JOSE. March 19.— County Au
ditor-W.F. Parker, who recently se
cured his office through tjie abandon
ment by Martin Murphy. of the con
test . for ; his : office, Is having: some
trouble '"¦ receiving his, certificate of
election. County, Clerk Pfister has re-,
fused to issue a certificate without a
legal decision Instructing him to do
so.
Parker has already qualified by
CERTIFICATE OP ELECTION
IS DENIED W. F. PARKER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; MARCH 20, 1H04
25
SEE THE PHOTOGRAPH.
WONDERS OP THE GREAT
ST. IX>UIS FAIR.
A sunny room.- a light and
nivy apartment, makes life
worth Iliingr.
llicrc are. several such rooms
and apartments advertised in
ROOMS TO LET and APART-
MEXT IIOUSE columns.
NEXT SUNDAY CALL
THE EMPORIUM. - j THE EMPOBTUM. | EMPOBITJM. | THE EMPORIUM. v | . THE EMPORIUM. - | THE EMPORIUM.
a>. P"/m "^-m^k'n ff_ *»#¦» mm '-"'¦- '" : '1mL^ y : '"- - ' '¦ The Ascent of Mount St. Ellas, byH. R. Hi Prince Ltii^iAtnadeo di *fb*a ms r»~ ' mm ' 'am * J9 <rs m^ -JT °*
t %&9jG IKlB$BdQB1§& +&&*& MV§QBdSBZ&\? Savoia. A complete account of the only ascent of the highest mountain in £& £ m £& MJlT'OSS BV&t 4pOC STS#*M *5
2* -7-. '-. i ¦' i rtt .•;.>.--. ."•..>¦¦.;..•¦•.¦: i£ n> « America ; contains n S halj r -tone illustrations and 34 photo- 4* f~ £l)g% n w* , . * * ' A j • -'it d S
h * 1 housands of yards of superior 5-inch soft finished Satin Taffeta Ribbon, gmvures; publisher's price, $15.00; our special price.-. . . . . Zp&mllfftUr 'Beautiful dress nets for street and evening wear, in La Tosco, Brus- '^
g an exceptionally desirable ribbon, in such popular colorings as jl " ttmmm sels, Square Mesh and Point de Esprit; also figured drapery net J
* pink, blue; white, pink cardinal, maise, turquoise and: '&"gg2 <Et«™^ jflo - in black, cream, red, white, light blue, pink, maise, nile and all *
»' medium green; regularly 50c a yard; Monday, only ... ,.••»«*•. >^^>* J%* / JL * the leading shades in fact; all 45 inches wide; the up-to-date fash- 5
J A Novelty Pattern Veil for $1.75 . j/£^C£^C^^^/rW%viSSM^^ ionable kinds used for dresses, ruffling, neck ruches, etc.; yy«_ «
I One of the newest veils with a larce chenille dot around entire r £ J^\Z/ IM&/a/U 1/§WMII&_ values up to 51-75 a yard? Monday only 4WG *
*. veil and with rows of dots through the center crossing one another, * • "*^^, «/ v j v * ..?. .• ' f J V,^. --, 5
I and graduating from large at the lower.part to a very smalldot at -CALIFORNIA'S LARGf IBsaaa^f^^ B00V^ Jvst Arr^cd-Easter Empire Fans in spangled real Duchess and J
Jf the top, shading from dark to light; the colors are brown, navy, • _ assssSSSS^^^^^^T some pretty colored ones; priced from sOc to also hand-made 3
J; lavender, green, red and blue. " g^^p^g^ caifl^AMERlCA t S GRANDEST STORE, neckwear; some new ideas, at. $1.50 to $5.00 i
l Women's Fashionable Gar- Millinery for Ladies Who Confirmation Suits $10.00 5
i ments Seek Exclusive Styles Saving You $2.5O ffi |
£» jp, ¦¦ * 'i fOnly Two Weeks \ . Swell Fnnch Hits, and charming de.igns ' ' '^-~j An interesting item for young men 14 to 19 i
* rOi* EaSEer % Until Easter J h originated and executed by our own skiu«d _^^^S|j=|gg^g\ years of age who like to wear smarjt clothes. *
*- . p. . . ,, Kr«iirrfif timncmHc nf mtrrmi tn nnr milliners, including a beautiful line of T he patterns of these suits (and they are abun- m'^ / \ *
v Opening Days last week^«?^*^ t u «"^br patrons to our the new , largc baby hat , of lace and _^^^^^^^^h dant) closely resemble those shown by exclusive Ml i\ ;5
{. superbEaster Shoivinaof thexwrW slatot smaU ..^ taby rose , and fo . u merchant tailors, and the fit and making are par ex- fifco \ *
| hand^sTS*^ -"f:*"^^ W^B^SKS A^ndid collection of colors and fabrics. !|fe S $
k me v>ebt, is v or d odes at'ieast 5 3S for, h re for including black unttmshed worsteds, blue serges, Vi^'-f- I *
I a^.,. i^^^rXr^p $25.00 T^rPSSHr tA%£& finished worsteds> hot Scotches P# ?
% £&r£' misses. Almost daily new models are T • I ? lS JlS? M tv\eeas. .^ \Wml «
? J^iCT . added in "reat varietv 1 Small Turbans and Toques— The new horsehair and j:t f^T. Swt%t& We are positive that these are the best possible \m ', %
* #fT ¦¦ The new Eton « n d Hip u D gth coa. sum values in young men's suits a** f* inn raJ ;
| Jki ¦ lS i^«^sSS@^rW i ?l W£$&^M^M^%fi£Z S***5i^ at the least possible price. .^#V-W L|g |
&^ >^^^^^ W "^ l^ e P asse lon ? coat 8U " 8 °* tbe sca$on trmmed. . . . . . .^SsOO '' M^*^\at* ' Boys* Russian Blouse Suits $2.50 . rfi ••" C
S[ J^^^^l^ — t sty ic unbecoming to mon women. If you In mixed and pUin strawi, trmm. d j^Ml^^W^ Boys' "Norfolk Sailor Suits $2.50 ift %
*" /F«^S. vXv\ havc not bou £ h: X our ncw 'P rin S 8uit y° u w ' th 80ld cord> buttons and f * n£ y fc*ke» ' ¦ ' Boys' 3-piece Knee Pants Suits $3.95 '^S**M *
S / iL VO5M\\ should not delay, for «ty:e'» sake at least. '',,;' '1 ''"' $4'95 t0 9G.SO 47^^/ // Youths* Long Suits $7.50 ,<V .^^© «
* U /l%^mm Again consider the compxteness of present Chi dren s Tuscan Poke Bonneti -Lace effects, trimmed , ,„ g
J f i^SMA stocks, not possible Uter.. We call attention w lt h hrge bowa of wh.te nbbon ,-.' $6.O0 « $10.00 | A^^nQQ StviOS MiSSCS' SUitS 5
I SJ^R I^Siiililiiii Han^carveiS Art Sale Percale Dresses 37c %
X rfi T IW Dressy Eton, Rvnabout Suit— Of etamine IvoHeS at ExactSy H& r if PrZGQ Among the new swell garments for missc. and children 5
* 111 til l^^ii^iib^o^Vrlfe ' "^BL. " We have secured a manufacturer's --^-^ ' <^^< \
i |[| Silol^^iin^SlI III fM; feline of the most beautiful repro- Navy Scr^e Srikr Sults-Size, for 6 to ,4 M . M fl^- *
»: " \\\\k I t brass buttons; new wide cuffs trimmed in MM, X$^ If Actions of Art Ivory Work we have year,, made with tui: Kiit Am. only.. . . $5.5U !&££&>, $
i B W, 1 same manner; full sleeves, tafFcta lined; eve"" seen. _ Being a sample; line, the Peter Thompson Sailor Suiti— Of. alL wool serge, with £2^S^ 5
J . |\I I 1 f unlined bo x pleated £H**i~ *b*% fm «^f/fT^ >^ •¦ assortment is -most interesting and va- chevron embroidered on front and sleeve .. $7.50 FW\ U> J€
*: AM \{\ skirt, price ..... K® 111 f consistin 2or dainty statuettes, 6trl$ . - Buster Browns" (See p:cture)-Navy or brown LJ^ / I
mUW H K New Hip Length Coat Suit — Of handioms &|§| #jfHL-F . ' ornaments, trays, match safes, , C rge, with white iinen collar and large red silk tie: J
t» /// l lil ] m " '^VC mixtures, epaulette shoulder and new. lt|l J-^^rr^^hW.' £f r ' l ves 'J etc *. , < : v, ' sizes for 8 to 14 years $7.50 y^TnTfl «
S /Jill I 'V cuff, piped in Hue dch; ¦. \1 Q^Hh D^ns cf oiHer siyUs «* .* $,, 5 o. [I \ %
$ ¦/A,M \<\>^™?S?" '" $17.50 6sl> collection o,!^ Monday at h»n «S Monday Sale Percale Dresses I J
%• <.,/} ]w A\' New' Veiling brm'sklrti- Jc« rfdrf m.n, «» ¦ • _ BiarKcd prices. Lilian 50 dozen ¦ in ihe lot of the»c S oc iigh: Percale &H"^ S
*£ WlXi dtijnut »i 3 . S o, J16.00, «jo.oo.nd Jij.oo. 50c tO $2.J^ Statuettes and Vases. 25CtO$l.40 Dreues. in si Z « (or I, » and 3 yean, nicely made and I] H. ft
|, j£m^-^ ";ff5£l^i^^ £^,t^^n n ;t», < e'^ morai ?:37c g^ J
! Splendid Values in New Spring s fsS s/^f-^S^o I Sensational Sale Wash Fabrics I
I Silks antl Dress Fabrics / «JUl^-^fSS- : . Bedding Supplies of All Sorts I
Af We are willing tint you thcu!d juige our stcre by the qualities and va.uej of our dress goods and »ilks— that is ¦ » . ¦ R fe • . , , • . . ',' : i_ » • v t v •**
* the confidence that we hive that these fabrics ars what th-y should be in every particu'ar. Only a few of the most CartS, as pictured; gOOCl'SpringS, Monday only, one of the most meritorious sales ot the season. A comp.etelinc of the new, .%
JI rrom' ncnt lines can be given space in to-day's announcement. . TXlhlDQTtlYQ useful Madras Fabrics, good in styles, colorings and materials; nearly 5000 yards in 5
»T Novelty Chiffcn Vol!e-A 44-mch sUk and wool fabric; DuchOSSO Poplin -The :ve f y newest thing in rprlin ¦ the. lot; for to-morrow's economic buyers, per yard mf C :j
*> t a beautiful tcft finish, in exquisite tones of champagne, silks; a magnificent s. ft clinging fabric, 46 inches vtruje, WIICCO, ICLllll- U ft :.?J'.-/. ¦ '5
J heliotrope, gray, blue, e:c, for street Cf cream pink black jpjg bac!<S;in- \ I " HOUSCkCCpCrS* Blanket Opportunity ',
$ l^^?lL;^^«J$I£" , S matenal for SL or n^Tfrn Stead of M.?0 ' Hffi '. : These price, hold good unti. Wednesday p. m., while quantities lasr. J
*>" cided novelty in the new spring stylesj 0%b cos t urn rs, yard . ' . &HB*%MmJ Q3.c\\ Sale DriCe lnSs^ Fine Blanketi— From Mission Golden Gate Mills,' extra Robe Blankets- Made in Germany, rich color efiectt . .*
*. width 45 inches; new colcrir.gs; yard. . .$1.25 „ . . ,.. . Foulard -In small neat effects for ff O y?O ' Sfe? site, « 11. 50 kind, pair . . S8.45 for wrappers, smcking jackets, bath robes, lounge cov- «J
J= Silk end Wool T.ffet«- 4 4 inches wide, solid colors ".^i'S. »U th" n7w»r ing color" s " §3.42 WuTl Wh ' tC W ° o1 B '^kets-From same mUli, for .nuller ers; size, 7 = X S + inches; instead ot * S . 5 o each tor ;?
K with small neat design,, for shirt waist # o rt waut ju.M, aU tn. new spnng color.ngs, Hundreds of rtclin- iTS^^l beds, regularly | 7 . 50, 'pair .. .... . $5M5 the thre= day,. . . $f-7S ,J
K suits, yard %$1.iSO ¦ ' ' ' '¦ * • rr nrar i~ i n ft., jWr^^^Ti \ White Wool Blankets— Best California, 5 pounds weight, White Spreads— Unusually larg: me, very heavy, cro- X
J* Lee Twine—A 46-inch sheer open fabric; a very LouUinc Silks— In shirt waist suit effects; many styles ¦* carli Tn - ™ e ' ijW^^MAt ¦»»* ' ¦ ' full sire, instead of 00 pair. $3.98 chetweave; instead of $1.75 each, for thissale $1.28 \J
H effective and dtcided novelty; all spring __ in the gun metal, gray, champagne and — — ne ' v s P rtn S . Styles .\SJ? WhZAS&i Cradle Blankets — Fine fleeced cotton, nicely made and Comforters— The white cotton filled kind, tufted and \f
** colors, yard ... .&Bm75 brown, yard $1. 00 and. . . .,..,. . . . 7dC ,Jrom $4,95 OO. W* **" • '' finished, 50 pairs only, special, pair^ ... . . 38O neatly colored; large size, each. 98c X
I Fine Furniture Never So Umr Priced ¦ . Sale of Blue and White Enamel \
I Some Stores Ask as Much Again--- *Viare and Other Housefurnishings .%
\ P-, c^li^i^^SpSi^^^^ill Any housewife will instantly^ee the great savings to be made here to-morrow: |
\ |@* I*-' Tifl • 'out of date" and unseasoned kind, and invite the most careful comparison of our furniture and To Close Out Manufacturer's Lot of highest $1.25 Copper Bottom Wash Boilers. . 08 O |m _^ \
j^ 1 t V J\A i^5? pr'ces with those of other stores before you make your purchase. grade white • porcelain, lined blue enameled Pure Manila Rope, 60 feet length in _^<^r^^^!?£^%t •*
*£ I Cr^'^^^V* ~~~ A 1 * Attractive Display, now being made, is the new arrivals in weathered ware, we offer on Monday only, at less thin hanks 35c l r r~T *Sl " ej^V^^^^^^ '2
JV £y \s?l i\tl —^ oak pieces, in Mission and Old Dutch designs— chairs, rockers, tabhs, bufiYts, 5-piece set* for present wholesale cost, a good a:sortment of -^5 Clothes Pins— Special for tOO ll I * | |j"" r 3j K^ l*X
* SStt^^U^m.S\fr\ dcns " dllvin ?- rooms ' etc -- :lllm3rk:<latEm P orium P rice '- . \ 6rt f *}°7l7'*tt'Zf ar OX» 75c Clothes Racks or Drying Bar, . . 49O /J@S#t\ ' feJ^^if «
J Ir^^ !^^^^ 8 trt..s;legson foot and" work automatically W^S^^^^mSS^, 4 qt- 6oc Lpped sauce pans ••?.. J0 O 25 c gas l.ghtcr and box tapen ; . |5C r^-g^fp I I] #ll|J 3
t Sf&W ~.W) iflT-UiHff^'lr and when bcd is °P cn Iock thtmselves; r^-^sd^as^s^^^^^^f 5 qt. 70c lippsd sauce pans 44c S x. 50 stanch wood tua, with wire band. 0flo (jttrWW?--^ I \\ J7 '1
ft S'P^f '^^g^l'^^^^^i^ 1 < a? f golden o»k finish, lull size; other storei ask P^^^^g^^g^^^^^^^^gj IO qt. ?r.oo dish pans tor 67C 50c 18-inch turkey dujtcr 39O — iT IJ W^^OO X
t> *>^r=5*rM^t\J&SW~ \]-^ 5;o.oo, our sale £&•€** IT** W^M^^^^^^^^^^^aM' 14 qt. Si.zo dish pans for 86O j = . S o iron frame wringer., 10-inch rubber UtSO — *"^ iSOO ' x
u" iV-»'5r8^"^~ u -trii' i I^= : ' • Jfc f j.ilM ft^i ' !| 'j^g^iui/rT^^XT.I^Ij'^lt^CTK, Ui 4Pt. 80c coffee pot S9c rMVr. - «f iJO ¦ X
V \C.rY'>-^\^x , PnC V..' ' Vt Y . H'^HIifcl lllifillraWI • • 6 qt. 9 oc coffie pot 67O coc °\2'nch round ni traw -" " ' 2So * X 'S° 6 'P bt co PP er "^kel-platei coffe= pot,.
S»" Ik::- : i j SptcUI Monday and Tuesday— 24-inch square KiwWmIII H IR11 rtuWtiJ a at' loc tea nots for «Q« S '¦> f , ? ¦> «5 98n X
", „.;., sr* jm mm 4"fe VM\\ BUil W .llOTMS^*^! ' I IT 111 3**1 W'Vi . , 35 i,.^ r V s • ••¦••••• • StfO graphid and decorated with nsh or game sub- . . *»*w «
% pnce Stm 78"^^^^^ W WilW^^mWiWW 11 ?*?^**?* 'g° UU,,^ 37o A good whisk brcom .... 5c : 5
*; ¦ • ' ff'WY'W™* Wf mmW^AQ^\l VluWil W 5 ° C lon3 ' hand ' Cd _ d; PP : « for 29C Ji. 5 omavonnaissialadin!xen, for beating eg S s, cc barrels, wire carpet tacks, z for. ... ffo *
K Q Brass B«d- Both full | H | | l'/i ! 'F t l'iflil'l/l'/'//¥ iTL F^MI '¥ "'/ SnDll \ Etc *' ctc '» etc * whipping cream and making salad dressing . 50c tea kettles, heavy block tin . . . . 33 O "2
* -. IP and. three - quarter § S S a i|j|t| f ;yif'T^[{| jlu// JSvJ^I— -*«(^1m *ji II MSlv-l IWJl'^' 3 Flat lron$ ~ B:ttcr than Potts '5 alwa y Jold St. 25 25c hardwood nickcl-trimmel towel rollers . . %
*•* U^- . . . rrT.l S ' rC> hf2Vy tW °" ;i -^e ' »1 1 EfilHR HMfflfflM iiffl* I 0 thc set > 3 irons, handle and stand, Jl.oo nickel-plated copper tea and coffee pots . , ' f5 o '*
V 1 S II 8 1 I' I , Q> '. nch pillars ' b 7J f|*-f4 B|i| |^^^^^^fe^^^g^^j i ,51 iijp . ... / .. . , 98o . . .. . 67c 15c japanned bathroom candle sticks . . t6o %
j? Sr^& Sk ill*fftTfi a: «. j ' u *• n fi-k r»" GrocHerw anil Glassware Salem IWoniiav "5
*» It^ 1 gS\*2*-" k -- — -5-fi J J I 4KZE/1 #119 ' Birdieyc Maple Dresser— Or mahogany nnith, outlinei tastefully • . **^ • ** 5
* Jt^^S^^ itS'Syi a r . curved line,, with large .haped French plate mir-^^ PfOfifS Clipped Off MOtttlay PHCeS Z
K Wm^S^Y^T******^, W 4 ' I^WKtilS Coslumers — ror, construcuon ths very b:st n&JfMm&U «^*^. -»
I l^^SultiFt'^ !n^^^ lt on? enCh B!^ *£**^^^^°' . t^" 7^ h } S3S m SO ' ' /^^^
jt pr.ee j .5 j St3m5O mirror, large box s:at, finest quarter-sawed . ™^^^?W^?-^^^^fl "~-~-<^a?-z>J r £"~" "\
I Cane Seat Bedroom Chair-Fine white ma- 1^1*!°° *\™' .^ $76*50 $U0 ° 10 ' inch $1.35 Basin and 9?' «« of 6 ism'- 3S c rich brown- Fine Preterred 4- $ 1.7; Parlor Lamp, fl
J p!e, pretty and bar- 5-PleceParlorSuit-M hogany color frames, W 5^^^ fi^imiSv cu't ' " : K^> " white > -SS^flir'ua^Ji! "lored Teapot, large leaf Palm,, for home complete with ahade 2
X UoWSewinjRockirlin 'white mlp'e, to °ll£T' ? ?* |Th» Mahogany Davenport, arctic co.onial "de- r ' ' * 9 ° ' ' \' ° 8 ° *™*J™™-'S5c «« • • - • 2*O beautifying .. 25b or globe . . St.W |
* match »bcvc chair, only.. . £jm IS ft' Pedestal Dining Table— Round top, carved sign, no carvings, handsome grain mahogany, 35c Engraved Thin-blown G'ass Decanter 18O 5c semi-por«la:n Tea Saucers, each . . . 3O I Complete Dinner Set 103 pieces fine Ameri- '*
£ ......... ...... • &*TbO*J icroll feet, beautiful quarter-sawed oak, good velour upholstery, back g^jm'mm • '^ 0%' '.J*. 10 set 'of '6.' Limoge French' China Teacups Cut Glass Salts and Peppers, fancy plattd tops, I can Beanty Dinner Sets, as thin and white *J
* Blrdseye Maple Table— Round top, heavy only. . . ...... . . $32.50 ronndei ,on corners, only .. II and Saucers ...... . . . . $1,23 ; each. . . .......... . 2BC \ as^^ china, large pieces; only. . ..$11,00 S
Jk* Th: Emporium sells only the standard best known makes of carpet, and conv.ncing proof that we are selling them ; at lower prices than any' w ™>1 v : ¦ Best \ Eastern Hams Monday < I ft. 4 *%3 S
tf carpet hous: on th= Pacific Coast can be obtained by cemparing these quotations for our new spring aesigns with those of any other score. ;, UUVV icexuy. Tuesday UBSm 1%9%C *
$ BiSclow Axminstc-s, yard . .... §1.65 Smith's Axm nst ps, yard . . . • • $U25 J 'P'. n " e 0oI<I . CI^7 :^;^' :^^ :^^ Martin's Eastern Cream Ch-cse- For * -9 *
J Sml h Extra Axminstcrsi yard -StM Ta « m t * h > Wilton Velvcte, yard . . . $t.2S C * 2Qo t"o days^lb I ; . *- . ™. .."?..... 1/C S
«f - . Sanford^O-Wife TapestP e<. . .'.":".'. ' .' St.OO Tapestry Table Covers— xyi yards square, Armure and upe«ry Tomatoes— Haperian, standard, a#-p<mnd tins, 8o.f dor., QSo M
J. Billow, Lowell. Jo n H. Pr y Sons & Co. Body Brussels ... ..$1.55 weave, in «if and chintz coior^g,, heavy fringe. .. f -^ T£?!%~1 ""? l^J^J^f w Vk ' a " CS d °*"' S1 m3 ° S
\ wSittalPs Imp. rial and H rtford Bod, Br SSCls . . . ...... .$145 '¦' ™' 5 P Corr.-Army and Nary or Queen of We« brand, . g
I fSSlS^ .OIIv^-Imp^^HanV; V ha^^ sVo^Z H'Pol \
K " Monarchs »re . imong the best ail-wool Smyrna Rugs manufactured, and thc 30 patterns on sale,^^ beginning to-morrow, are all good. Nottinghim Lace Curtains— Newest designs, in white and ecru;' McMallen's Porter— White Labti, do*. . . . . .*. . . . St.9O S
fc" Mostly Persian designs. • a '.' ¦ 4 . . . .-.'¦ ;¦ '-' ' ' copies of the real laces, novelty and Brussels efficts; per pair Amuicsn Qub Whisky— Choice goodi, gal. . . ... . . . $1.&Q 5
* J 10 patterns, $4.00 Rugs (36xT2l»chcs), special ppic-s this vweck ... 52.40 *# oe -«# *f A.V.H. Gin -Large bctclcs, each. . S1.4U *
J gQpatt? ns. $30.00 u\« (9x12 feet), pecinl price this wek-,. . .S22.Q 7 ' • ; •"•'"•" aifCf 9'*'° Yellowstojie Whisky— Favorite brand, foil qoait* ...... $1.05 JYINKOW, March 19. — Official re
ports .dealing with the Manchurian
trade up to the beginning of the war
show a continuous increase, independ
ent of foreign investments, and also
the commercial influence of 'Russia,
.even before the railway was i com
pleted. The growth of American trade
is shown to. be greater in Manchuria
than elsewhere in China, - making
Newchwang third in importance "¦ of
Chinese ports.
It is reported that the Russian of
ficials have approached Germany with
the objec^ of engaging German pro
tection of Russian property at New-
AMERICAN TRADE
WITH MANCHURIA
FAST INCREASING
The army organ publishes an ¦ order
of the day, issued by Viceroy Alexieff,
threatening the most severe penalties
against soldiers damaging private
property or; officers permitting • the
same. The order says:
"Such offenses not only beslur Rus
sian honor, but are subversive to dis
cipline. Every officer permitting ex
cesses will thus be guilty of a griev
ous offense against the Emperor and
the country." ;?);'-'
A special flag has been ordered by the
Emperor for Viceroy Alexieff— white,
with a blue St. Andrew's cross, in the
center a black double Russian eagle.
It will be saluted by nineteen guns.
The daughter of Admiral Taube, who
commanded the wooden Retvizan, pre
decessor of the present battleship, has
written to Admiral Makaroff, saying
that nearly fifty years ago, while the
old "Retvizan was moored in the Neva,
her father noticed an object floating
toward him and found It to be at.
image of the Savior, which has re
mained In the Tiube family since the
dismantling «of old ship.; The
daughter of Admiral Taube now sends
the image -to Admiral Makaroff. con
vinced that : it will keep . the battleship
from harm In- the future.,"
During the last bombardment of Port
Arthur two Japanese shells'; fell .'In the
works • of the'drydock, but failed to
It was reported soon after the Jap
anese began their operations against
Port Arthur that they had seized one
of the Elliott Islands, situated in the
Korean Gulf, less than 100 miles east
by north of Port Arthur, for use as a
base, and the Tokio correspondent of
the London Times on March 7 cabled
that a Japanese squadron took posses
sion of Haiyangtao. one of the Elliott
group, on February 29. The corre
spondent added that the Japanese
found there only stores of coal and
signaling flags, the Russians having
evacuated the island on February 23.
WAQNING TO THE ARMY. ; '
"We probably shall never know how
many of their ships were crippled or
sunk— at least until the war is over."
The failure of the Japanese to rush
their operations evokes agreeable dis
appointment here, as It gives the Rus
sians the time necessary, to complete
their preparations. A Japanese land
ing on the j Liaotung Peninsula, to be
siege Port Arthur would rather be wel
comed now, as it would not be a large
force, yel would weaken the frontal at
tack from Korea. *.
increasing the conviction that many of
them have had to put back to Japan
for a thorough refitting. A high naval
officer said:
Count Kapnist, the Russian Embas
sador to Austria-Hungary, who is now
here, in an interview on the Macedo
nian question says he is convinced the
Slav .races and, state.* will not* move
while Russia is busy in the Far East. ••'
The' text of a staff order published
at Harbin, Manchuria, has just been
received in St.* Petersburg. It says
Viceroy Alexleff defines and limits the
military operations as follows:
"The line of the Mongolian frontier
to the intersection of the Liao River,
thence to Hsinmintung, thence south
west along the railroad to Koupangtse,
thence southeast along the railroad, to
Yinkow." ¦'- ; '•¦ >
DEFINES THE WAR AREA.
explode and did riot damage the dock.
The hole, in the Russian " protected
cruiser Pallada, the repairs on which
will soon be completed, was seventeen
feet in diameter. i
TOKIO, March 19.— The British Min
ister refuses to indorse the application
of Hales, the crorespondent of the
Daily News, to accompany the Japa
nese army, giving as his reason that
Hales' reports from the Transvaal dur
ing the Boer war were slanderous of
the British army. The Japanese Gov
ernment "requires that all correspond
ents should have the indorsements of
the resident Minister of the country
they represent. Hales therefore will be
excluded from all connection with the
army movements. .
The Government has not yet fully
disclosed the proposal' concerning the
war taxes to be submitted to the spe
cial Diet, about to meet next week, but
it now appears .as though it will not
propose any change in the tariff on
sugar, but will instead recommend a
domestic tax on the basis previously
stated. >
it now seems probable that the only
change effected in the customs tariff
will be an increased duty, on kerosene
and spirits. No discrimination will be
made against Russian kerosene, s be
cause that trade is chiefly in the hands
of British merchants.
It Is expected that there will be se
rious contention in the Diet over the
taxes on sugar and silk, and dealers in
the former commodity are strongly agi
tating for a reduction In the rate which
It is thought the Government will pro
pose. '
Party committees are meeting daily
to discuss the tax proposals, and the
belief is expressed that the Government
will be forced to modify several fea
tures of its plans and that It will fall
to realize the total amount originally
estimated.
If the tobacco monopoly is enacted
it is estimated that it will be ten years
before it Is finally completed, although
the Government counts upon earnings
from it in 1904 amounting to. 24,000,000
yen, gradually increasing until 1914,
when, it is estimated, they will amount
of 40,000,000 yen.
It is estimated that it will cost the
Government 8.000,000 yen to purchase
the plants and stock required to con
summate the combine and fully 9,000,000
yen to compensate the ¦ owners.
Nicholas took no notice, but some kind
friends did not fall to spread broad
cast the report that I was snubbed for
indiscretion in the imperial presence."
it PARIS, , March. 1 9.— Paderewski,
who arrived here' to-day to play at the
symphony' concert to-morrow, In
speaking of the spy system/ in Russia,
said tha£ no one dared to .open his
mouth now except to praise the Czar
PADEREWSKI SAYS
POLICE OF RUSSIA
ARE ULTRA-ACTIVE
Hnrryms Work on Battleships.
KROXSTADT, v March 19. — The
commander in chief here. Admiral
BaririefT, to-day inspected the battle
ships Alexander III, Navarin and Sis
soi Veliky, the cruiser Sveltlana and
the torpedo-boats, which are preparing
for a long cruise. Chief Constructor
Skervortzoff promises to hjtve all the
warships building on the Neva ready
in June to proceed for the Far East,
if the authorities decide to send them
there.
Accepts Servian Volunteers.
BELGRADE. Servia, March 19. —
The Servian Foreign Office having
asked Russia whether she would Ac
cept volunteers from Servia. the Em
peror replied that her would accept
the voluntary service of 500 Servians
and 800 Bulgarians.
War News Continued on Pase 27.
and execrate Japan. The slightest sug
gestion of free and fair discussion has
disappeared.
"If a man even vaguely Implies that
there is a possibility that Russia will
not win he Is regarded with suspicion
by the police and closely watched,"
said he. "In Poland conditions are
still worse. In Warsaw the jails are
crowded with innocent citizens who
long since ceased to represent the
slightest menace to the empire, .but
whom the present situation causes to
be punished for a wag of the head or a
glance of the eye. There are thou
sands of Russians throughout the em
pire who, if they could speak, would
utter bitter regrets over the opening
of the present epoch in Russian his
tory, about the end of which they are
none too sure." . ¦ % ;
Paderewskl denies that he was given
twenty-four hours in which to leave
the country.
... '.'The incident," he said, "is largely
exaggerated. It seems it would have
been delicate, courtesy for me to have
referred to myself as a Russian when
in the Czar's presence, whereas I in
cidentally, called myself a Pole.
When the ships cleared from Genoa
there was a little delay before they
got away. The Italian Government re
considered its willingness to let them
go. The Russians .had been protesting,
and an officer came aboard the Nisshin
to get the bill of health that had been
given to - Captain Lrea. The . captain
knew that without that document he
could not get by Suez. It was in his
coat pocket. He buttoned up the coat
and politely assured the Italian offi
cial that he was very sorry that it
had been lost. He could not possibly
find it. The Italian was very sorry,
too, but he. went away without the
precious document. Then the Nisshin
got her anchor and started out.
It happened, however, that one of
the Italian stokers had found a com
fortable placeftto snooze' behind one of
the condensers. The first revolution
of the engines sent a jet of steam out
of the condenser that burned thtf'hands
of the sleeping stoker and woke him
with a yell. In a feeconVi the entire
engine-room force was piling up the
ladders and not a man was left at his
post. The captain had set his indi
cators on the bridge, one at full
steam ahead and the other at full
speed astern, in order to swing around
the Kasug-a, which was still at a/ichor.
But he got no . response and saw his
ship drifting rapidly down on her
mate. So he had t • let go the anchor
again and send down to find out what
was the matter. The deck force was
all English, the engine-room hands all
Italians, j none of whom spoke Eng
lish. None of the Englishmen spoke
Italian. The bridge indicators were
in English, but the corresponding sig
nals in the engine-room were in Ital
ian,. It was a poor means of holding
the sort of conversation needed to ex
plain the difficulty. In fact, the cap
tain did riot get it explained' until he
TOKIO, Japan, Feb. 23.— It took the
naval victories at Port Arthur to rouse
Japan from the awesome quiet with
.which she watched the fighting prepa- 1
rations at the outbreak of. the" war, but
it was the arrival of the two cruisers,
Nisshin and Kasuga, that really started
the cheering. In the reception of the
men who brought out the two new
fighting ships the Japanese^ have shown
how enthusiastic they can be when
they are properly stirred up. It was
a fine run, and no doubt about it, and
there were some exciting incidents
during it, but in the main it was only
a plain case of good sailor work with
a fortunate ending. As Captain I^ea;
who commanded the Nisshin, says,
"We only did our duty."
You wouldn't exactly pick Captain
Lea put for a farmer, but he declares
he was actually following the plow
about his place In England when he
got the word that started him here.
He had only half an hour to catch his
train and as he ran for it he shouted
to the foreman to sell the twenty-eight
heifers and the bull ¦ calf.- and now.
after' all this time and excitement, he
has ho idea whether the man did it
or not. He is the sort of man in ap
pearance whom you would be most
likely to choose for such an under
taking, short and stocky, with twink
ling: blue eyes and a ready smile, a
neck that rises like a column out of
a pair of solid shoulders and is
crowned by a head half an inch longer
from the point of the lower jaw to
the back than from the top of the
forehead to the back. It is that jaw
which makes you love him on sight.
When he starts out to do anything be
careful, not- to get in his way if you
wish to avoid trouble.
OUTWITS ITALIAN OFFICIAL.
"Why," said Captain Lea, "I've
enough to fill the baggage-room of
the hotel already and there's no tell
ing when it will stop. If we'd been
emperors fourteen times over we
couldn't have had a finer reception,
and all we did was our duty. We're
not half through yet, either," and he
read off a list of places where they
have promised to go. There surely
Is no doubt about the gratitude of
Japan to the men of the Nisshin and
Kasuga.
From Nlkko they came back to Tokio,
where to-day they all had audience
with the Emperor again and he dis
tributed among all the officers most
magnificent gifts. Those to the two
captains included a pair of beautiful
silver vases, executed , by the royal
workmen, and of a pattern whioh: has
never been, sent out of Japan, - Both
bear the royal ere"st imgoldf. There was
also for each captain a beautiful old
gold lacquer box of great value. > ;¦; '
Meantime gifts of all sorts have been
pouring in for them from cities to
which they cannot go, accompanied by
yards of addresses setting forth in
Japanese eloquence the great "things
they have done for Dai Nippon.
GIFTS FROM THEIR RULER.
The, next day the men came up to
Tokio. Here it was all done over again.
Hut,- more than that, they were re
ceived—that is, the captains were— by
the Emperor himself, who expressed his
personal appreciation of their service
to his country and gave them the or
der of the Rifling: Sun. For the men of
the crews there were all kinds of do
ings in Hiblya Park. There was a big
wrestling bout, at which the most cele
brated wrestlers in Japan did stunts,
and there was juggling of the most
wonderful kind, with very gay daylight
fireworks during the afternoon. At
night the park was ablaze with lan
terns and there was a gorgeous dis
play of fireworks.
¦That evening there was a banquet
given by the Mayor of Tokio. ; In the
gladness of his heart he { had invited
the men of .the crews as well as the
officers, Jjut the captains had indi
cated . their disapproval of that,
so another entertainment was pro
vided for the sailormen. The Mayors
of many other Japanese cities were
present at the banquet, and" invita
tions to the officers of the two ships to
visit other places in Japan came in in
showers. Every city sent some sort of
token of recognition of the service ren
dered to Japan. Fortunately for the
officers they are all under contract to,
go back home in a few days, so that
they will escape the hard penalty of
too much generous hospitality.
From Tokio they all went up to
Nikko, and there they did have a time.
The road from the station to their ho
tel was lined with a double rank of
Waving lanterns and bands played and
crowds cheered and shouted "Banzai!"
Then a remarkable thing happened.
The two captains were taken to the
great temple, where the high priest
took them into the most sacred cham
bers, into some of which only the Em
peror himself may go. .No other for
eigner has ever been in them, and most
of the priests themselves are not per
mitted to enter these sacred rooms.
Yokohama had the first chance at the
crews of the two cruisers. There was
a Darade and a great garden party in
the, public park, -with addresses and
fireworks and a banquet in the evening.
The city was decorated with banners
and flags and streamers, and at night
there were flocks' of lanterns.
DECORATED BY EMPEROR.
From the time they reached the lim
its of the Yokosuka station, however,
things changed. Their troubles were
over. A guard of torpedo-boats escorted
the two ships up to the 6tatlon and
there were bands and. banners. Since
that It has, b'^en^a grand v round of en
tertainments,' banquets arid receptions.
Committees had been busy for weeks
making arrangements, ajid all Japan
was- waiting eagerly to see the men
who brought out the two ships. | The
fact that the navy, crippled as it was
by the loss of the big first-class battle
ship Shikishima. which is still in dock
at Sasebo repairing the damage done
in maneuvering, had already done up
the Russian fleet, did hot in the least
impair the enthusiasm of the Japanese
about the new arrivals. The new ships
were not nee;led, but they might have
been, and the people were just as glad
to see them, or rather the men who
brought them, as If they had come just
in tl.e nick of time. The people will
have no chance to see the ships them
selves for some time, and no one ex
cept the naval authorities has been per
mitted to get, a rJimpse of them.
The most interesting part of their
voyage was that from Singapore up.
The situation was so critical when they
left Singapore, in the early days of
this month, that they. were ordered to
go outside of Formosa'and not to stop
at Htmgkong, but to come straight
away to Yokosuka, the big naval sta
tion near Yokohama. * The captain did
not know how much coal they had.
The "limits of conversation with the
chief engineer prevented him from
finding out exactly what th« coal con
sumption per day was, and he had the
stiff winds of the northwest monsoon
to meet in the China Sea. So he came
along with only a part of the boilers
steaming, and just fire enough under
the others to keep the water warm,
ready In case of an emergency. They
had no desire whatever to meet any of
the Russian squadron, and they knew
how easy it would be for the Russians
to figure out exactly where they were
at any time. The only thing to do
was to run the best they could. \A.s
soon as they got out of the rough water
Captain Lea sent for his chief engineer
and made signals to him which that
gentleman could not help understand
ing.
"We had something to lose," said the
captain in telling about it. "Our Gov
ernment had cut us adrift. They can
celed our commissions before we left
Genoa because they t were .afraid we
might get them into some international
complications. (He and Captain'Payn
ter of the Kasuga were on the retired
list of the British navy.) If the Rus
sians. got us our: Government wouldn't
do a thing for us, and it meant at least
a long time in Siberia before the Japa
nese could get to us. I didn't want any
of that. So I just told the old 1 chief to
jam her, and I made him a picture of a
Russian prison. But it didn't do much
good, and instead of thundering in at
eighteen knots, which we ought to
have done, we came thumping in at fif
teen." . - T .
SERIES OF CELEBRATIONS.
had found an Englishman who could
speak a little Italian. Also he got; a
couple more firemen who could speak
a. little .English, and with >hose three
interpreters he came on.
It was '-coal and run all the way out,
and there was no incident to furnish
further excitement, although they were
a' little nervous when they were pass-
Ing the Russian squadron, which is now
slowly going home -again because "it
couldn't run as fast as they could. :
DAYS OF SUSPENSE. *
By Oscar Kins Davis.
RUSSIA PROMTS BY DELAY
The dwindling number c-f Japanese
wart hips appearing; off Port Arthur is
Moreover, the Emperor's naval ex
pert*, who have been studying care
fully the puzzle as to where Vice Ad
miral Togo's fleet is coaling and pro
visioning between its appearnces oft
Port Arthur, are becoming more and
-more convinced that it is using as a
;base some yuiet snot on the Chinese
;ca&st. After each disappearance not a
word is heard of the fleet's where
abouts until it reappears. A calcula
tion of time and distance shows it is
quite impossible for the fleet to steam
to Nagasaki or Hiroshima, take on
board coal and ammunition and come
back. It is also certain the Japan
ese warships could not take on coal,
much !es3 heavy projectiles, at sea in
the face of the prevailing rough
weather. The idea tnat they are using
Chcinuipo. Fusan or some other place
on the Korean coast for this purpose is
rejected, us it is believed that if such
were the case the numerous secret
correspondents and secret agents of
the liuasiuns in Korea would certain
ly have re- ported the fact. ¦ .- -
So. by pror.-ess of elimination, • the
. Russians teem compelled to arrive at
the conclusion that the vessels. of the
Japanese fleet must be refilling their
bunkers in some inlet on the Chinese
coast, either on the gulf of Liaotung
or the Shantung Peninsula, so far from
ports and inhabited centers that the
correspondents are unable to get wind
of it.
COALING BASE FOR TOGO.
The Government's private informa
tion is not reassuring as regards
China's sincerity In observing a neu
tral attitude. Secret advices indicate
that at least a powerful party in the
Chinese Government is abetting the
Japanese. Although at first reluctant
to credit these reports, the Russian
authorities continue to receive evi
dence that the Japanese contemplate
landing- on Chinese neutral territory,
west of the Liao River, and 17,000
men are being held especially to await
developments in that direction.
The representations of the United
States Minister to 'Japan, Griscom,
concerning 'American interests affected
by the creation of the Japanese to
toaceo monopoly, will, the Novoe
Vremya believes, sharpen American-
Japanese relations. It considers the
tobacco monopoly absolutely neces
sary for Japan, in the present condi
tion of her finances, and says the com
pensation claimed by the Americans
would more than eat up the income
from the monopoly in the first years,
thus creating for Japan a situation,
"the full meaning of which it is prob
able is quite appreciated at Washing
ton."
ST. PETERSBURG, March 19. —
Russian troops continue to pour into
Northern Korea. They are in excel
lent condition. It is said here that
typhus fever is raping among the Jap
anese forces.
Never Cruises Far
From Waters of
Port Arthur.
Results May Not
v>pme Up to ex
pectations.
Call s Special Correspondent Describes Japanese
Ovation to Britons Who Took Tokio's New
Warships to Far East.
War-Tax Problem
Worries Tokio
Statesmen.
Togo May Have a
Convenient Coal
ing Base.
RUSSIANS CHARGE THAT CHINA IS SECRETLY AIDING THE MIKADO'S FORCES
¦ V CHITA. Eastern Siberia, March 19.
Provisions are getting dearer here.
Flour "costs ; 5.0 cents a pound.' . / '
( LIAbYANG, Manchuria, March 19.
TroopscohtinueVto arrive rhere in in
creasing ; numbers. \ '- The hea I th of the
soldiers is good.; ,
Flour Fifty Cents a Pound.
Troops Pouring, Into Liaoyang.
;V ; ODESSA,' March 19.— A great re
ception and patriotic demonstration is
beings prepared for the sailors; of the
Variagand Koreitz, who are expected
Oration Awaits Gallant Seamen.
BERLIN, March 19. — The Frank
furter Zeitung to-day says" the Ru's
sian Government has Just ordered 3000
railway cars in Russian Poland for
delivery within the next six, months.
Russia Orders Railroad Caw.
NEW YORK, March 19. — Resolu
tions pledging support and extending
sympathy to the Russian people in
their struggle with the Japanese' were
adopted at a meeting here of Amer
ican citizens of Slavonic origin. While
deploring the necessity of taking up
arms/ the resolutions declare:
"We are firmly convinced that the
Russian people are waging a war of
self-defense and not one of -conquest.
We recognize that the Russian nation
must have an' outlet to an ice-free sea
board. We maintain that there is lesa
to fear from the peaceful aggression
of the Russian people than there is to
dread from the industrial and Com
mercial; domination' of the 'Pacific
Ocean by 500,"000,000 yellow meit."
NEW YORK'S SLAV
ELEMENT PLEDGES
SUPPORT TO CZAR
chwang^ particularly the Russo-Chi
nese Bank. It is thought unlikely
that Germany will undertake the task,
which, it is reported, France recently
declined.
There are no Chinese laborers in
the vicinity of Newchwang construct
ing defenses, j though Russian infantry
is conducting evolutions, on the plain
about the fort. The Liao River i3
open for a considerable distance from
Its'* mouth. . .
A branch of the Chinese Red Cross
Society was organized . here to-day
upon instructions from Dr." Richards
of Shanghai. ¦
¦ . . ¦¦.'¦¦.¦.-.¦.¦¦-¦ ¦.¦¦¦'¦ - .' ; ¦ ¦ ' - ¦¦"',- -¦"""... " -. r •¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO ¦¦CALi:- SUNDAY, MARCH' 20/ 1901.
26
Weak Men ... and Women
Q HOULO U6E . DAM! I ANA BITTERS.: THji
O«|ra».. Mexican' Remedy: «t*«« - h«Uh and
•traijctli to aexuat erc.os. Depot. 323 Market.
Another, who looked the picture of
health, said he never ate a meal with-
out taking a Stuart Tablet afterward
because he could eat what he pleased
and when he pleased without fear of
a sleepless night or" any other trouble.
Still another used them because he
was subject to gas on stomach/ caus-
ing - pressure on heart and lungs,
ehortness of breath -and distress in
chest, which he no longer experienced
since using the tablets regularly. -
Another claimed that Stuart's Dys-
pepsia Tablets was the only safe
remedy he has ever found for sour
stomach and acidity. He had former-
ly used coronjon .soda to relieve the
trouble, but. the tablets were much
better and 6afer to use. -
After smoking, drinking or other
excesses which weaken the digestive
organs., nothing restores the stomach
to a healthy, wholesome condition so
effectually is Stuart's. Tablets..
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, contain
the natural digestives, pepsin, dias-
tase, w : hlch every weak stomach lacks.
as well as nux. hydrastin and yellow
rariira.'and can be safely relied on as
a radical cure for every form of poor
digestion. Sold by druggists -every-
where. '• ' • ' v--l v - " "
/.jj advertising agent, representing a
prominent New York magazine, while
on s. recent Western tr4r>, was dining
one evening in a Pittsburg restaurant.
While waiting for his order he
glanved over his newspaper and no-
ticed the advertisement of a well-
known dyspepsia preparation, Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets. As he himself was
a rejrular user of the tablets, he began
speculating sxs to how many of the
other, traveling "men" In' the' dining-
room were also friends of the popular
remedy for indigestion.
He says: I counted twenty-three
men at the tables, and in the hotel of-
fice I« took the trouble to interview
thfem and was surprised to learn that
nine of the twenty-three made a prac-
tice of taking one or two of Stuart's
L»>-spepsia Tablets after each meal.
One of them told me he had suf-
fered bo much from stomach trouble
that at one time he had been obliged
to Quit the road, but since asing
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets had been
entirely free from indigestion, but he
continued their use, especially while
traveling, on account of irregular'ty
of meals and because, like all travel-
ing men. he was often obliged to eat
what he could get and not alway3
uhat" he wanted.
Intt resins Kxpcrimcnt in. a Rcstau-
TOOK A STRAW VOTE.
ADVEKTI3EMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS. - '^r
W^g Tis tAeluefvM i
' IS^ JlM^^^^^^' /^7 .There is probably no more popular
\^^/^^\^^l^^/^ / piano in existence to-day than the
)^/^s ''L^wte-" Architecturally, it is a S
( - T/liwilfe#^ work of the highest art. It meets every
:: ' ex P ectation °* e musician. Its tone
vV >J '(j^^^^^^W/// \' : - : js smooth and clear, yet powerful, and I
7 of almost liquid quality. Its action is. I
'V uu^^^^^^V/ even and delicately responsive, while |
\^^^"^/^m// its durability makes it a life-long pleasure. |
: i''^ft : ft^ Inquire for our liberal terms on the Ludwig |
;';V, is*'-' ':¦¦: 931*933 Market St., San Francisco. J
g Other f stores, Oakland, Sacramento, San Jose, Eureka, Fresno and San Diegi I'
ADVERTISEMENTS. ¦ .- - r,
HOTEL ST FRANCIS
Vf" "p 1 r* j ;,';, I'lj'j',, r~ r^ e-
- : P F-F fJJifl F F P
F F F iilf F p r & '¦
F* F F i Isilil * F F F
F P F liiflf 1 P F F
F F F ||w F F F' ; ."
W:&J.SLOANE&C(i
•FURNITURE - CARPETS - RUGS - DRAPERIES'
114-122 POST STREET
~££.\ P0STUM CEBE-* 1 "
I IS COFFEE t ;
a friend
•. *If a supposed friend was silent-*'
ly working against -you," you
would like to know it. ;. • >.•
Quit Coffee 1 0 days, use
pasTUM
IT MA YjPROVE SOMETHING TO YOU/;E. Faber (Eberhard) of the family
who have made pencils in 'Germany for
144 years began the business in America
in 1861, and now manufactures his pen
cils in Newark, N.';J. The graphite is
given various degrees of hardness by
the* admixture of clay, and the best red
cedar for use In pencils is , that from
Florida. . ,. -
WASHINGTON, March 19.— The con
dition.of Postmaster General Payne to
night is reported to be satisfactory.
Payne's Condition Is Satisfactory.
Senator Tillman Goes to His Home.
WASHINGTON, March 19— Senator
Tillman has gone to his home at Edge
field, S. C, to spend two weeks. ' He
has recovered from his recent illness,
but has not fully regained his strength.
WASHINGTON, March 19.— The con
dition of Representative Thompson of
Louisiana, who is suffering from dou
ble pneumonia, Is reported by his phy
sicians to-night to be critical. Late
this afternoon Dr. Osier of Baltimore
was called into consultation.
Thompson's Condition Critical.
Sixteen-Year-OId Annie Lar
sen Accuses Milton Wald
stein of Infamous Crime
OFFICERS AEREST HIM
Trial of the Case May Lead
to Exposure of Nefarious
Traffic Said to Exist
Milton Waldstein was arrested Fri
day evening by Detective Bralg and
Patrolman James Cullinane on a war
rant charging him with a felony. Wald
stein is accused by Mrs. Annie Larsen
of 337 Bryant street of having abduct
ed her 16-year-old daughter, Annie
Louise C* Larsen, and placed her In a
house of ill repute in Redding.
In a sworn affidavit the girl says that
she became acquainted with Waldstein
on February 3, '1904, through an intro
duction by James Hurley of 16 Fed
eral street, t She says that Waldstein
took her to the office of James Smith,
917 Market street, who asked her if
she wanted to travel. Miss Larsen de
clares that she replied in the affirma
tive-, supposing that his offer meant a
good home in a respectable family. On
the following Saturday evening, she
says, Waldstein took' her from Smith's
office to the ferry and thence by train
to Redding.
Upon arriving in the latter. town, it Is
alleged, Waldstein and a woman named
Blanch Wallace took the girl to a house
of ill repute. That night, the girl avers,
Waldstein, when under the? influence
of liquor, threatened to cut: her throat.
The following day she fled to "Ander
son, then to Red Bluff, finally winding
up in Corning, where she was , arrested
on a charge of vagrancy.
The claim is made that Waldstein
then appeared ; there . in the guise of a
detective to take *hezC home,; but ,upon
the advice . of Sheriff Boyd ; and .Mrs.
DrI E. J. Owen she refused . to go ,with
him- and returned to, her folks in this
city. Miss Lar se n . makes ; the allega
tion, that she ., lea rned .sjWaldstei n »; and
HurleV procure ¦ girla in San Francisco
GIRL NARRATES
PITIFUL STORY
NORTON, Kans., March 19. —
Chauncey Dewey and his two cowboys,
Clyde Wilson and William J. McBride,
were acquitted to-night of the charge
of murdering Burchard Berry by a
jury, which had considered the case
twenty-eight hours.
Chauncey Dewey, a young million
aire " ranchman, went to Cheyenne
County, Kans., early in 1900 to man
age the Dewey ranch. He became In
volved in trouble with the Berry fam
ily, who were also prominent cattle
men. Trivial misunderstandings grew
into serious differences, which • cul
minated in the killing of Burchard
Berry in June, 19jO3, at the home of AI
pheus Berry during a fight in which
Dewey and . one of his cowboys were
pitted against all of the Berrys. Dewey
and his cowboys went to» the Berry
ranch to get a tank which Dewey had
bought at a Sheriff's sale. When the
Deweys started to take the tank
away- the Berry boys rode up and a
battle took place between the two fac
tions. Burchard Berry, Daniel and
Alpheus Berry were killed.
Verdict Is Returned After the Case
Had Been Under Consideration
for Twenty-Eight Hours.
JURY ACQUITS DEWEY -
AXD HIS TWO COWBOYS
TROUBLE COMES TO MEN
FOR DISOBEYING ORDERS
ENEMY THRICE
ATTACKS HIM
Seattle Italian Is Marked
for Death by Assassin
Whom He- Is Shielding
FOE'S VICIOUS ASSAULTS
•- ¦ - -
atte? a<-d Losey, took slxty-flve No. 2
shot 1 his back this morning. The
wound in his neck is five inches long.
The physicians believe he will recover.
Losey had no light burning In his
room and he was unable to see the as
sassin's face. After the shooting, the
assassin ran out of the door that he
had left open jind downstairs. When
he did so his fkt fell off and he was
apparently afraid to stop to pick It up.
as the police found It there this morn
ing.
Losey's wife, it is alleged, left him
three days ago because he beat her.
Losey says his wife knows who Ms
assailant is and that he also knows,
but Is afraid to tell.
Meeting of Accountants.
A regular monthly meeting of the
San Francisco Association of Account
ants and Bookkeepers was' held last
Friday evening at the rooms of the or
ganization In the Parrott * building.
Vice President Dewar read a most-in
teresting paper on "Labor In Relation
to Cost." Some subject" of interest to
commercial men and manufacturers is
discussed at every meeting. "Tangled
'Talks on Accounts" will be the title of
the paper to be read on April 15 by
Mr. McLean. A cordial invitation is
extended to all bookkeepers and em
ployers. .
WASHINGTON, March 19.— Andrew
D. Barlow, United States Consul Gen
eral to the City of Mexico, who arrived
at New York to-day, will resign his
position upon his arrival here. Barlow
was appointed from Missouri in 1897.
The office pays about $6000 per annum.
A successor has been selected already.
Diplomat Barlow Will Resign.
for brothel keepers In the interior and
receive pay for their work.
Attorneys Phillips and Adams have
been retained as special prosecutors by
Mrs. Larscn. - -,,
While Supposed to Be Fishinjr, Sol-
dlcrs Land at Tiburon and
Fight Ensues.
The details of a scuffle between sev
eral soldiers on the Tiburon dock last
Sunday show that It was started by
one of their ¦ number who was drunk.
His six companions, who were less un
der the influence of liquor, restored
peace.
The men. were from Angel Island and
had been given permission to spend the
day fishing:, but had orders not to land
before their return to the barracks.
Contrary to their instructions, however,
the party landed at. Tiburon and the
unpleasantness ensued.
When the party finally embarked for
Angel Island the boisterous member of
the: party was left behind and was later
arrested by Constable Edwards.
At the trial of the disorderly soldier
seven soldiers appeared in- court; one
officer and six enlisted men. Justice
Pryor told the officer that he was grat«»
f ul to him for allowing: the members
of the- fishing party to appear in couit.
In the story of the foregoing occur
rence, written in The Call bf March 16,
due credit was not given the command
ing officer of Angel Island for his as
sistance to the civil authorities.
California will install an olive oil fac
tory in the California spafc e in the agri
cultural building at the World's Fair.
The process of extracting the oil will be
shown in detail. • .
Victim's Throat Is Cut and
He Is Shot, but He With
holds the Criminal's Name
Three weeks ago, while returning
home at midnight and when he was
within sixty feet of his own house, he
was shot three times. One of the bul
lets hit him in \ the face, one In the
shoulder and the other in the wrist, but
they were merely superficial wounds.
About four months ago Losey was
stabbed while on his way home one
night.
Losey's house is In the center of an
Italian colony. The members of the
colony are afraid to give the police any
information.
Railway 3Ien at Banquet.
The Santa Fe Club, composed of em
ployes of the local offices of that road,
held Its semi-annual dinner at a well
known French restaurant last evening.
Covers were spread for eighty, all uf
whom contributed in one way or an
other to the several hours of general
merriment.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE. March 19.— While Samuel
Losey, an Italian, was asleep in his
house at 3 o'clock this morning, some
one crawled through the window, and,
after cutting his throat with a knife,
shot him in the back with a shotgun.
Losey says he knows the name .of the
man who shot him, but he is afraid to
tell the police. This is the third at
tempt made by the same man to end
the life of Losey. Losey has been the
object of the wrath of a man who. It
Is alleged, is in love with Losey's wife.
Doctors Cockrell and Snyder, who
After the meethis to-night President
Schaeffer of the Amalgamated Associa
tion made a statement for publication.
He said that the reduction which is
proposed is caused by the commercial
stringency and the keen competition
which exists In the tin and sheet. trade,
and the fact that, there are many idle
mills of this kind with thousands of
Amalgamated men out of employment.
A direct reply to the Question whether
the reduction would result in idle mills
starting up again was insisted upon.
He then said that this question had
been asked by the Amalgamated of
ficials of both the American Company
and the independents, and that the uni
form reply was that no such assurance
could be given, and that a few weeks
after the scale was actually assured
would be required for the manufac
turers to secure orders on the new
basis. .
PITTSBURG, March 19.— A reduction
of 20 per cent below the wage schedule
of 1 1903-04 is the proposition that will be
submitted next week to the tin and
sheet iron workers of the Amalgamated
Association of Iron, Steel and Tin
Workers. The proposition is the out
growth of a joint meeting of the gen
eral executive board of the association
and the officials of the American Sheet
and Tin Plate Company In this city.
The new scale will be submitted to
the tin and sheet lodges early on Tues
day next. The vote on the scale must
be in by April 2. If adopted It will be
effective from March 21. It will have
the recommendation of the Amalga
mated officials.
tion in Waeres.
Tin and Sheet Iron "Workers to Vote
on Proposition Involving Reduc-
QUESTION OF REDUCTION
TO BE SUB2HITTED TO MEN
The authorities here are satisfied
from their own reports that Turkey's
fears of the Armenian agitators ara
magnified and largely unwarranted.
They do not share the belief in many
of the recent statements of Turkish
atrocities, but the authorities here have
good reason to believe that such atroc
ities may begin in the real work of
repiesslon. It is expfected, therefore,
tha^the powers will act through the'r
embassies at Constantinople, eithur
jointly or on common lines, with the
view to preventing the execution of any
widespread bloodshed or the extermina
tion of the Armenians.
Foreign Minister Delcasse will send a
yellow book to Parliament next week.
This will deal chiefly with the Mace
donian situation, but incidentally with
other Turkish issues.
The Sultan's activity is not directed
against the Armenians as a whole, but
against those of the Sassun district,
who are a 'turbulent mountainous peo
ple. Turkey claims that the Armenian
mountaineers go across the border into
Russia, where they arm and equip
themselves and return to commit dep
redations against the Turkish soldiers.
Therefore it is the view of the Sultan
that stern measures are necessary to
repress these agitators.
PARIS, March 19.— It is the expecta
tion in official quarters that France and
the "signatory powers of the Berlin
treaty will unite in emphatic repre
sentations to Turkey against carrying
out the Sultan's plans for the suppres
sion and probable extermination~bf a
considerable portion of the Armenians.
The Government is in possession of
much information showing the nature
of the troubles and Turkey's intention
in dealing with them. This information
shows . that some reports of the atroc
ities have gone too far, but indicates
the necessity of staying Turkey's hand
within a month, as the 1 main pro
gramme for the suppression is to com
mence about a month hence. The re
ports received give both sides of. the
case and show the following general
situation: »
CALL. .BUREAU. HOTEL. BARTON,
WASHINGTON, March 19.— Captain
Hugh J. Gallagher of the general staff
of the United States army says con
cerning the Far East conflict:
"Climaticconditlons will hamper and
delay decisive movements of great land
operations for some time. In the mean
time both belligerents v.ill continue to
put forth efforts to place their great
armies in condition and position to as
sume an active role as soon as the
severe weather moderates sufficiently
to permit the men to march.
"When the Yalu River opens the Rus
sian forces south of it probably will
withdraw and Japan will then find her
self face to face with the first great
military problem in her land 'operations
—the crossing of the Yalu in the face
of an active enemy. In this movement
she will doubtless receive the assist
ance of her navy. The Russians re
maining south of the Yalu then would
have to fight a battle with the river
behind them and that river probably
patrolled by the enemy's warships.
"The landing reported to have been
effected by the Japanese at Takushan,
on the north coast of Korea. Bay. If
made at all, was probably made in
small force and with • the object of
creating a diversion. During the war
with China the Japanese landed a large
force upon this coast, about fifty miles
from Takusban, in the direction of Port
Arthur. They met with no opposition.
They can scarcely hope to meet with
equal good fortune under the present
circumstances. It may safely be as
sumed that the points along this part
of the coast where a landing is pos
sible are well occupied by the Rus
sians and ' plans for reinforcing any
threatened locality have been carefully
arranged. Consequently Japan could
not hope to accomplish anything in
that field without a strong force. To
attempt to land and maintain such a
'force in the face of an enemy would
Indicate- an estimate of- that enemy
which present circumstances would de
cidedly not warrant.
"That Japan is fully alive to the dif
ference in conditions as they exist now
and as they were ten years ago is
beyond doubt. The Chinese had no
great railroad to protect and Port Ar
thur did not then possess the impor
tance for them that it does now for
Russia. A slower method of penetrat
ing into the enemy's country will prob
ably commend itself to the. Japanese.
"The effect of the fire from the bat
tleships upon the fortifications' at Port
Arthur has been found quite insignifi
cant when compared with the amount
of energy expended against them. Port
Arthur being strongly fortified and
armed after modern methods, it is safe
to say that the damage so far sus
tained has not been considerable.
"The problem that confronts Russia
in connection with the land operations
is to so dispose her troops as to guard
her lines of communication against a
sudden descent upon the coast and at
the same time keep In hand a suffi
cient force to meet any determined ad
vance of the enemy. The line which
Russia must cover extends from Vladi
vostok to Port Arthur and from Port
Arthur to Newchwang."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The correspondent says that the
Mikado yesterday bade adieu to 433
officers who were leaving for the front.
A special dispatch from St. Peters
burg says the project is favored of con
veying heavy war material by trans
port from Kronstadt to the mouth uf
the Yenesei River and thence by barge
to the Irkutsk depot and Lake Baikal,
leaving the railway free for the con
veyance of troops.
According to the Tokio correspondent
of the Petit Parlsien, official infor
mation has been received of the de
struction of the Russian torpedo-boat
destroyer Skerri at Port Arthur by the
explosion of a. submarine mine.
PARIS. March 19.— The Figaro's cor
respondent in Berlin telegraphs that
a German officer who has just arrived
there from Manchuria says serious
operations in the Far East will not be
bf -gun before the end of June. The
principal obstacle to a Russian victory,
according to this officer, is the fact that
40,000 Chinese troops, well trained and
with German and Japanese instructors,
are menacing Russia's line of com
munication. Russia, with the support
of Germany, will protest against this
concentration of Chinese troops.
Slav Line of Com
munication Is
Menaced.
Powers Will Act
to Prevent a
Mas^Scre.
Must Force a Pas
sage of the Yalu
River. -
Sultan Plans Ex
termination of
Armenians.
Russians Fear Sud
den Attack by
Mongols.
Japan Faces the
Great Problem of
the War.
FORTY THOUSAND CHINESE ON THE FRONTIER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 20, 1901.
27
JfEXT SUNDAY CALL.
RING HOCKEY,
The New Game for Girls.
SEE THE PHOTOGRAPHS!
¦ ¦__'__ _' : '\/j__- ADVEBTISEMENTS.
1 B66r is Good for You 9
i When the patient is" weak, the doctor says "Drink Beer." «
1 When the nerves need .'food, beer is the usual prescription. So ¦
.¦¦„'.'" in insomnia; so in nervousness. B
1 The doctor knows that malt and hops are nerve foods and" I
Al • tonics. And he knows that most people drink too little 8jn
Pf fluid to rid the system of waste. SEI
1 He knows that pure beer is good for you. I
\ That is why he says He knows that Schlitz beer S
% is brewed in absolute clea.nHness. | It is even cooled in E
M filtered air. And every bottle is sterilized. B
H Half the cost 1 of our brewing is spent to insure absolute m
purity. Ask for the brewery bottling. \ mfk
fil ¦;.;:¦:-¦ ¦¦¦'• ';¦¦"¦.', " Los Angeles— SHERWOOD & SHERWOOD— San Francisco
jL The Beer That Made Milwaukee Famous; J:
[¦_ ¦ PBAQEBS | _.*_ PBA0EB3 | PBAGEB3
Not*iOlV ¦':. SpSCials. The policy of th-s store has not dumped. The usual Tn n\r c r\r\
V .. " courtesies will continue. aJUCliaUll ,
-3c a spool — 50-yard _ , , . .
spool silk; all colors ! vfe^'ivffcksw «-• '>••
an 4c bl a C s k pool- 5 oo-yard jTUi V 0 Cigar
leather belts is arriving J»^ t xa^ A v^" 'tve«t t a t>t -c ! -5c Smoke,
every day. They are in j|| AL>VXlTS RELIABLE
;l!^S e^^^§^1238-lj25OMARKETST\^l- Boxof y.$l-25
Vast Array of New Spring Tailored Bargain Hints in New Wash Goods
Garments for Women. and Bedding.
BE sure to visit this section before making your TJ UNDREDS of specially good values will be
spring purchase. The display is so resplendent fl offered, here to-morrow. , The stock- is so large
with, pretty, stylish suits and coats that it is im- and the variety so great that it is not possible to
possible to give any vivid description of them here, adequately tell here of your opportunities. Every
One Mnust see to appreciate them. * . I 1 "* »s different and of unequaled worth.
. SUITS. I PERCALES.
. $14.05 — About five hundred . suits comprise this " SHc a yard — Dark percales, one yard wide; black,
lot. They are made of voiles, etamines, fancy mix- navy blue and red with dots and pretty smill figures
turcs, cheviots, etc., in eton or military coat effects. We and stripes. All fast colors,
have all colors. These are considered excellent values MUSLIN.
at $25.00. ..,-.• . 6'ic a yard — Bleached muslin. 1 yard wide and
$1G.5O— Novelty voile suits, eton style, with deep so f t finish.
cape. They are made collar less and prettily trimmed 1 ¦
with stitched bands of taffeta and fancy buttons. IniDOrtfllll» EcOnOITW NeWS Ol" New
Worth $30.00. . •- ' ?
#8.45, $O.O.V and 912.5O— Shirt waist and Spring SflkS.
walking suits of_ Sicilian in beautiful colors of blue, — c a
brown, champagne, black and white. Every suit is I T is not only the low prices, but the excellent values
worth almost double. f that are making this store famous as a buying place.
COATS. •• There will be found in this offering only goods that
>G.50_Women's elegant taffeta silk coats, made are in demand now. We have marked as small a mar-
half fitted back wi.th very deep capes. The entire coat gm of profit as possible to give our customers their
is prettily stitched. 'Worth $12.00. moneys worth.
$4.25— Misses' coats, the Peter Thompson make. «*>c a yard— 19-inch black peau de soie silk; reg-
in blue and tan with emblem on sleeve. Ages 8 to 16 ular 83c value. .%• | ¦••¦
years. . 75c a vard — 24-inch black peau de soie silk; reg-
SHIR.T WAISTS. ular $1.00 value.
OSc— White lawn waists of superior quality and 4Oc a yard — 10-inch black taffeta silk; worth 7SC
the trimmings of embroideries and insertions are the a yard.
finest. The styles are so many it is impossible to be- «J>c a yard— 19-inch black taffeta silk; worth 85c
gin to describe them. Sold elsewhere at $1.75. a yard. -' : - : V'"--l:
Women's Fancy Goods. Women's and Children's Wear.
HERE are several lines selected for their- season- OME particularly low prices will be found marked
ableness. Don't fail to '. visit this department on the following lines of np-to-date spring under-
during the week, as the stock is absolutely com- garments:
plete. RIBBON. HOSIERY.
2lc a yard— 5-inch silk ombre ribbon: entirely 25c a pair — Women's high grade cotton hosiery;
new idea of cord effects alternating with plain ground, fancv vertical stripes on light and dark colored
It comes in handsome dark blue, pink, red. Krav. lav- grounds. Thev have extra double heels and toes; fast
ender, yellow and green shading to the lighter color- colors. Regular price 3 pair for $1.00.
ings. Suitable for hat trimming, etc. - Worth 3$c a vard. VESTS.
NECKWEAR. 48c each— Women's two-thread soft Peeler cot-
Oc each— A fine line of top collars made of sheer ton vests and pants with soft fleecing.- Thev have full
lawn and embroidered. Several different designs. All finish front and collar is finished with satin ribbon.
worth 20c and 25c: Vests have extra full skirts. Drawers are ankle length.
AS VESTISEJCEIfTS.
f//w*S/ffl Hair Mattress
$u.w Tii™ «q en
Tklsvetk .... v3«wU
Solid !# J
Oak \ %£k
Dresser ltf%wR''
TiAi. " X t\r i!i,vfi\
I $75.00 I
| Worth of Furniture j|
Pj and Carpets Rj
U S7.5O Cash and M
jA Si. SO a Week, Eg
H Complete Home Furnishers— M
B Flats, Hotels and Country FJ
I T. BRILLIANT I
1 FURNITURE CO. 1
U 338-3-42 Post St. ||
jip^DEVELOPING
ly PRINTING
/ r^*^KV * >I - V exoelI '"t 'work
£ ' ' ' * ™ is attracting favor-
M " ' able attention all
' k <*ver the cc»»t. Send
| me a trial order;
g. . f you'll like It. al*o.
«& MM-if" My P rtc * s ar * worth
j^ 1 *™*"^^*^ ¦ TiMfleriri?; here are
f a few firarcs:
/ DEVELOPING.
Roll of rtx JOe
Roll cf twelve 15c
PHINTING.
FoMo finish Zlc to !ic
, Vrtex finish 3c to Cc -
Daylight Loading Films. In all
popular «lze». at my usual low
price*. Order by mall if you're out
THAT MAN PITTS
T. W. PITTS. The Stationer.
3COS MARKET STREET, above
Powell St.,
Ean Francisco.
For Kidneys,
Bladder and
Jjiieumatisffl
2Tew DUeoverr by Which All Can Vov
Easily Cure Thea«elve» at Home —
Does A tray . With. Surgical Opera-
tions — Positively Cures Brlg-nt's
Disease and Worst Cases of
Sbexu&atlKn — Thoatiadt Al-
ready Cured — Jf ote Endorsers.
TRUL TREITMEIT AIDJ4-PAGE BOOK FREE
At last there lc a aclentlflc way to cure
yourself of any kidney, bladder or rheumatic
disease In a verjc short time In your own home
and 1 without the expense of doctors. druKKiMs
rrr aorireona. The credit belongs to Dr. Edwin
Turnock. a noted French-American physician
ted tclintJst who ha« made a lire-long study
"HTcae can say they are Incurable txntU
they have tried my discovery.
The test Is free."
of these diseases and is row In sole poe«essloa
of certain Jnrrfcdlents which have all along
been needed and without which cures were Im-
possible. The doctor seems Justified m his
elrong »tat»merts as the treatment has been
thoroughly Investigated besides being tried In
horpltal*. sanitarlumE, etc., and has been
found to be a'.! that is claimed for It. It con-
tain* nothing harmful, but nevertheless th«
hiebpft autl»riile» say It will positively cure
BriKct'a dUease, diabetes, dropsy, grav-l. weak
back. »tone In the bladder, bloated Uadder.
frequent desire to urinate, albumlnaria. sugar
tn the urine. pa!n« In the back. legs, eldts and
over the kidneys, swelling of the feet and
anklet retention of urine, scaldins. Betting up
nsirhts. pain tn the bladder, wetting the bed
and ruch rheumatic affections as chronic, muv
cular or icaammatory rhetimatlsm. sciatica,
rh'-uma'Ic neuralgia. lumbago. gout. etc.
which are- now known to be due entirely to
uric acid poison In the kidneys— tn short, every
form of kidney, bladder or urinary trouble m
man. woman or child.
That the Ingredients will do all this is the
r.plnion of *t»cn authorities as Dr. WIUcs of
Guy'e Hospital. London: the editors cf the
United Etate* Dispensatory and the American
PLarmacopoeia, both official works; Dr. 11.
C Wood, member of the National Academy of
Science, and a lone list of others who speak
cf It In the highest terms. But all this and
more Is explained in a CUpase Illustrated
book which **ts forth the doctor's original
views and croes deeply into the subject of kid- :
¦ ney, bladder and rheumatic diseases. He want*
you to have this book as well as a trial treat-
ment of lit« discovery, and ycu can get
ttem entirely fr*e, without stamp* or money,
by addressing the Turnock Medical Co., 818
rureock Building, Chicago, HI., and as thou-
sands have already been cured there is every
t re sen to believe it will cure you If only you
¦win be thoughtful enough to send for the free
trial end book. Write the first spare moment
3 cu have and soon you will be cured.
It would trem that any reader so afflicted
should write the company at once since do
money in Involved and the Indorsements are
from such a high and .trustworthy source.
fNDrCtl IllpYear; The members of the Montlcello
Club gathered at the rooms of the or
ganization last night and. nominated
officers, who will be elected' next Sat
urday night. The following names
were placed in nomination:,
, President, R. Porter, Ashe; vice
president, Harry C.Wilber; secretary,
Louis Hirsch;. .financial secretary,
George E. Boskowltz;. treasurer, Jo
seph Slye; board of directors, David I.
Mahoney, W. W. McNalr, James M.
Hanley, William' J. Glynn; State Cen
tral Committee, B. D. Murphy, Al Mc-
Cabe and Thomas M., O'Connor. -
Addresses were ; made by'Lally of
Lake County, Murphy: of Butte Coun
ty, Gibson of Stockton and. Sneed of
Solano and all were well received. The
name of "* 'Ham Hoff Cook of the
Thirty-ninth District was proposed for
national delegate amid the cheers of
the gathering. V ¦/
The annual Jefferson banquet will
take place at the * Palace Hotel on
April 12 arid then the battlecry of the
campaign will be sounded and the
Democrats from ; all "sections of the
State': will make ready for the com.
log campaign *
II. Porter Aslic Jlentioncd for Presi
dent of Organization.
MPXTICKLLO NOMINATIONS.
pictures. The proceeds will be for
the benefit of" the. local Council of
Women and for the Ladies of the
Grand Army of the Republic, -who are
especially concerned that the Califor
nia women shall have proper facili
ties for free participation in all func
tions to be held in the general fra
ternity building during the exposi
tion. : :.-.-.. ¦ .-;; ¦ : \
YThe Germans have . been . >ftfletly
building for three years at Tstein, on
the Rhine, a fortress. Its guns com
mand the crossing of the river from
the Belfort district. , The construction
i3 so far advanced that guns have been
mounted.
rtsha Purchase Exposition will be giv
en at Lyric Hall to-morrow evening
under the auspices of Mrs. Mary Wood
Swift and Mrs. Abbie E. Krebs, both
of whom are interested , in numerous
organizations of benefit to social and
political life. These ladies have just
returned from St. Louis, fully equip
ped' with a fund of information and
valuable data relative to the great
exposition.
The lecture will be'beautifully illus
trated With colored views and motion
n illustrated lecture on the Louis-
illustrated' .-lecture-- on
st. louis exposition
Thirty years ago nearly one hun
dred youth* entered the Junior class
of the Hoys' High School and became
members of the class of '77 thereof.
At that time — 1874 — the school was
situated in an old church on Powell
street, near California, and the staff
of instructors consisted of Messrs.
Bradley, principal; Mann, White.
Templeton, Sibley and Winn. Last
evening thirteen o't" that class, met in
reunion at a downtown restaurant and
went over those days as only boys of
more than forty can. The class of '77
lias taken particular pride in the* fact
that since its graduation it has never
missed an annual gathering. The fol
lowing were present: Dr. Washing
ton Dodge, Fred W- Baruche, John A.
Comrad, Frank Widber, Edward A.
Schmidt. Charles A. Vail, Daniel
Suter, Henry Block. Edward Malm
grcn. Henry S. Manheim. 'Louis
Straus. Robert Vail and William
Greeneboum.
Boy* Together Thirty Years Ago.
John Louuibos. who conduct? ihe
Sonoma Winery and Distillery, a
wholesale and retail store at 242
O'Farrell rtrert. notified the police
that early yesterday morning the large
plate gr!as3 window in the front of the
store had been broken during the
night and the store ransacked.
The burglars secured a check for
JITS, J 43 in cash from the register, a
valuable grold watch and chain and
several bottles of whisky. The burg
lary must have been t-ommitted some
time after 2 o'clock yesterday morn
ing.
A room In the rear of the Barrel
House fialoon at 115 O'Farrell street,
owned by George Goeppert, was also
burglarized. A lot of clothes, books
of value and some liquor were taken
by the thieves. The value of the stol
en goods is fixed at S150.
Enter Two Saloons Within Radius of
a ni«K-k ami Carry Away Much
Vlav.dvT.
BURGLATIS REAP HARVEST
OX trjJARBELL STREET
A ripple of excitement was created
in the Southern Pacific building yes
terday just before the offices closed,
when the announcement was made
that Julius Kruttschnitt Is »oon to re
linquish the position of general man
'iger of the road to accept one of
higher authority in Chicago. Within
! the next ten days a circular will be
issued from the offices of E. H. Harri
man in New York announcing Mr.
Kruttschnitt's promotion to the posi-
I tlon of "director of transportation" of
! the Harriman lines, with headquarters
1 in Chicago. The title is to be created
| for him, giving him rank with Traf
| lie Director J. C. Stubbs in the man
agement of all lines operated by, the
Harriman syndicate. It was stated yes
terday by Mr. Kruttschnitt that his
successor here will be Charles H.
Markham, at present vice president
and general' manager of the Galveston,
ilarrisburg and San Antonio Railway
and tlfe Houston and 'Texas Central
Railroad In Texas. As yet General
Manager Kruttschnitt has not learned
just when he will relinquish his duties,
here, but he expects that the change
will 'lake place within me next four
weeks.
In the elevation of Mr. Kruttschnitt
to the position of director of transpor
tation of the Harriman lines. President
R. H. Harriman is carrying out a plan
of centralization which he has had un
der consideration for a long time. Hla
first move in this. direction was the ap
pointment of J. C. Stubbs to the posi
tion of traffic director. Next he under
took the standardizing of all the roads
he controls, and- several days ago he
ordered Passenger Traffic Manager E.
O. McCormlck to Chicago to take
¦charge of the passenger business of the
Harriman lines, thus relieving Assist
ant .Traffic . Director Ben Campbell of
part of his duties. Now comes the ad
vancement of Julius Kruttschnitt, and
before his plans of centralization are
fully effected it is probable that many
other changes of- a minor character
will have been made on the various
lines west of Chicago. .
The announcement of General Man
ager Kruttschnitt's advancement will
be received as a pleasant surprise ¦ by
many of his friends in' this city. who
will naturally accept it as- an indica
tion of the great confidence - which
President Harriman reposes in him.
Among fair-minded railroad ; men
throughout the United. States; and es
pecially those connected with the man
agement j of -, the Santa Fe road,' which
*is a direct competitor of the Souhern
Pacific Company for, business j in . tht
Westj Mr. \ Kruttschnitt bears the rep
utation of being one . of the dleverest
operators in this country, a fact which
the late Collis P. Huntington readily
appreciated { many years ' ago, when - he
began to advance Kruttschnitt .'in his
positions of responsibility, until the lat
ter was made general manager/of v the
two great systems of the Southern Pa
cific Company. * -. --: ; - •./¦ .."*¦ '¦-..; --V- -¦ - v
Charles H.': Markham, • who • is to suc
ceed Kruttschnitt, is -/widely.- known • In
the Western railroad world j and ? most
favorable in this -city, r where } h,e f .was
formerly assistant freight 1 ; traffic man
ager J. * C. ¦< Stubbs; His \ career
as I a railroad man ' has been -most ; re
markable,* having; begun in 1881, when
he entered the employ 'of itheyAtchi-
It was stated yesterday that Mr.
Markham is expected in San Fran
cisco in about ten days. Mr. Krutt
schnitt departed last evening for Salt
T^ake, and will return next" week- un
less his plans are changed in the
meantime.
son, Topeka and Santa Fe Railroad
as a section laborer. He later Joined
the Southern Pacific Company and was
rapidly advanced in position until 1S91.
when he was made agent at* Reno,
Nev. Six years later he. was appoint
ed district freight and passenger agent
of the company at Fresno, and the
same year, saw him promoted to the
position of general freight and pas
senger ag*:nt of the Southern Pacific
Company's lines in Oregon., From
there he canie to San Francisco to ac
cept the position of assistant freight
traffic manager, from which, however,
he soon resigned to go to Houston as
general manager of the Southern Pa
cific lines in Texas. He has had much
experience both in the traffic and op
erating departments of railroads, and
naturally is well qualified to take up
the duties about to be relinquished by
Mr. Kriittschnltt.
NEW DIRECTOR OK TRANSPORTATION OF THE HARRIMAN LINES AND HIS
SUCCESSOR AS GENERAL. MANAGER OF THE SOUTHERN PACIFIC COM
PANY, WHO ARE SOON TO ENTER ON THEIR DUTIES. , •
"Junlus" handled the political news of the.
State in his usual reliable Myle. Ths various
department* of this bright weekly are up to
the standard. . •
•"I'nlonlsm," the weak "Judicial System"
and the relations of "the Mayor and the Su
pervisors" la the *uhjevt of cutting editorial?.
Thf»«» Is a caustic and exhaustive expose of
the "Impossible Hearst" which makes splen
did reading.
The bard of the S. F. New» better records
in undying verse the Mayor's antagonistic at
titude to the Hibernian'* music. . ¦
There i» exclusive club gotslp In ihls week's
News Letter. .
Tlie Mayor's Faux Pns.
The effer of Ihr firft bottle frfe i» still pub
lished. I» arrears (biwbm In this paper.
It c^-eny «he way for any <if our r«n<2en> to
make a test of tins new and remarkable pro
duct «!tljcut coin, and we advis«j them to
do it. *
This meant, of course, that T.iriuoxon« would
cure, germ disfaMtt. It opened the way to
cure diseases which werp generally called in
curable. It wan this fact that gave the pro
duct it* value.
A short time ago some Chicago men raid
J1OO.COO fcr the American rights to a new
scientific product talk-d Liquoione. The pro
duct «as made from gas— lArg-ely oxygen gas
— by a secret process requiring 14 days. Oy
the employment or imQbnse apparatus, the
virtues of 1250 cubic feet of the gas are ab
*crbed into one cubic foot of Uquozone.
The great value of the product lay tn the
fact thtt it would do what oxygen does. Not
only an a tonic, but h!«o as a germicide. It
was amply proved that Uquozone would kill
jermi in the body without harming the living
tissues.
Liquozonc's Success.
At the meeting of the Board of
Fire Commissioners yesterday the r#
port of City Engineer Grunsky and
Consulting Engineer Stut was rejected
as not being in harmony with the
work for which they had been em
ployed and for which the sum of $500
had been appropriated by the Board
of Supervisors. This work was to de
vise a plan by which the city could
secure an abundant supply of salt
water from the ocean for the Fire
i Department, street sprinkling and the
I 1 flushing of sewers.
The object desired; by the officials
is that a reservoir be._ placed on Twin
[ Peaks containing about 10,000,000 gal
! Ions of salt water, which would be
ample to meet all requirements of th2
Fire Department in case* of a great
conflagration without having to de
pend on the supply furnished by the
Spring Valley Water Company.
Engineer Grunsky and his confrere
dealt more, according to the views en
tertained by the Commissioners, with
! the securing c. a sufficient water sup
ply from the Spring Valley Water
Company and the limited salt ..water
supply conducted by the Olympic
Club, which had been offered for city
use, than with a plan to v furnish a sup
ply independent of all sources con
trolled by companies or corporations.
President Boyne has given the
members of the Fire Department to
; understand that visiting saloons while
in uniform will not be tolerated. For
an infraction of this rule J. J. Mitchell
of chemical engine No. 3 was fined
ten days' pay and ordered. to be repri
manded by his superior officer.'
Did Xot Follow the Instructions
GivCn Them.
Fire Commissioners Say Engineers
REPORT OX" SALT .WATER-' I
SUPPLY IS .REJECTED
J. H. Strine, secretary of the State
Textbook Committee, advised the board
that it has the proper list of adopted
textbooks, but as they are not yet pub
lished by the State it is not legal to
Introduce them In the schools. The
arithmetic has not yet been adopted.
City Architect Shea reported that the
cost of increasing the efficiency of the
heating plant of the Whittier Primary
School will amount to 5950.
The Board of Works sent a notifi
cation that on October 29, 1903, a per
mit -was granted Harney & McHugh
to pave West Mission street, but no
work has been done under the permit.
The matter of constructing the side
walks around the Xoe Valley Schovl
lot is under consideration.
The use of an additional room in the
Lafayette School was granted to the
Italian Free School for the teaching of
Italian, as the three rooms already al
lowed are crowded.
Archbishop Riordan has caused a cir
cular to be issued requesting that all
the superiors of Catholic schools give
the census marshals full particulars as
to the children attending their respec
tive schools.
The offer of H. Mau to sell for $3S00
the lot on the southwest corner of
Douglass and Elizabeth streets, adjoin
ing the Noe Valley School, waB taken
under advisement.
The Board of Kducation yesterday
appointed M. W. Edwards, E. F. Bur
nett, L. M. Savage. S. H. Beckett, Rich
ard Ryan and U. E. McXaire to be
deputy census marshals. Their ap
pointment* takes effect to-morrow,
when active work will begin for the
taking of the census of children of
school age. About forty deputies In
all will be selected, the remaining thir
ty-four to be appointed some day next
week. •
Whl> t>.e bonds of th»s? companies are non
assessable, they e.r*. neverthelfts tax&ble .and
are in fact taxed in the taxation of the prcj>
crtlea which secrre their caynunt: and in
asmuch as the abllltv of the comofcnie* to
m«-et the intercut of their bonds and the con
sequfnt value thereof must be affected by th«
amount of taxes which the comr>anie« may
be renulred to p«y upon their pw:»ertie*. It
rar-not b« s.ild that t**l bands are not af
fected by the tax upon such properties. It
results that mon«-y invested In the bond* of
<iua!»l ruUllc cor:oratlens in California do«i
lint thereby evade 'axstlcn. since nuch bonds
are. In conterr;laticn of law, taxrd through
the m^di-jm of the property of the corpora
tion securlne them.. .Vr.d. whll«* It Is not
necesrary ti> the decision of this matter to
pars directly upon the question whether. In a
proper case, a fraudulent' rvurchase of such
bonds, with the averred purpose of evading
taxation, may be dlnrerarded and the tax im
posed, reference Is made to the matter for the
yuriiose of placing th« subject before your
committee in all it? Ifjnl bearings.
This view appears to be further sustained
by r. con*i-Jeratlcn of <he character of ths
bonds purchased. They are bonds of th»
Southern Pacific Comcsny and of the Pa
cific Electric Company, both quasi public cor
porations cngrased tn the operation of commer
cial and street railways respectively. Their
bonds are secured by n deed of trust of the
property of the corporation Issuing them. The
g*n;ral constitutional declaration that a mort
gage, deed of trust, contract or other obliga
tion by which a dsbt is secured, thall. for
purposes of assessment and tcsntton. b*
deemeJ and treated as an Intern: In the
property affected thereby, is applicable to
the bonds of uuasl public corporations secured
by deed of trust of the property of such cor
porations. _
TVsi«rd by law. 1 am«cf th» cpinlcn that the
facts disclcs-cd in this matter do "not sustain
the R*5e.ism«rt. It appears that the purchase
of Vut bondi wi« made to the financial nd
var.'.ave of the eFtate and ss r»i'tr»wpnt in
vestment; they were not r »Jld after the tax
dny had passed, but on the contrary n-ere r«
lainrd ns a part of the estate and were, at
the suggestion of the executor*, distributed in
kind to tU* beneficiaries under the will. The
declaration bv the executors that thlg ex
emptlcn from direct taxation was a moving
consideration to their mjrcha»e I* not suf
ficient. In the ats»nce of a showing of fraud
ulent Intent V» evade the tax laws, to Justify
roe In declaring the transaction a "mere ma
nipulation, undfr the guise of deposition, the
only effect of wrhlch Is to defeat a tax."
City Attorney Long yesterday ad
vised the Board of Supervisors that the
petition of the estate of J. K. C. Hobbs
for the return of the taxes paid on
509,475. on deposit In commercial banks,
but afterward invested in non-taxable
securities, may be lawfully allowed, and
that no useful purpose would be served
by a reference of the matter to . the
courts. The money was assessed by As
sessor Dodge on the ground that it had
been withdrawn from the banks pre
vious to the first Monday in March,
1903, and then invested in bonds for the
purpose of evading the taxes thereon, a
fact admitted by one of the executors
of the estate. Long's opinion continues:
Money Is Withdrawn From
Bank for the Financial
Advantage of the Heirs
As Those Adopted Have Not
Been Published by State,
Thev Cannot Yet Be Used
TilXT BOOK QUESTION
NO FRAUDULENT INTENT
City Attorney Holds Facts
Do Not Sustain Assessment
of Bonds of Hobbs" Estate
Six Deputy Marshals Are Ap
pointed by Board of Edu
cation to Prosecute Work
Among those present were Charles
Holbrook of Holbrook, Merrill & Stet
son, A. L. Scott 'of the Pacific Hard
ware and Steel Company, Andrew Car
rigan of Dunham, Carrigan & Hay
den, C. H. Philpott of the Retailers'
Association, A. Christenson of Wells,
Fargo & Co., J. L. Bley of C. D. Bun
ker & Co. and A. C Bates of the Gut
ta-percha Rubber Company.
' .M. A- Bley, editor of the Pacific
Coast Merchant, who had been elect
ed temporary chairman at a previous
meeting, called the assemblase to or
der. It was unanimously decided by
those present that the organization
should be known as the Anti-Parcels
Post League of California. A com
mittee consisting of E. F. Wheaton.
C. R. Havens and A. C. Kulofson was
appointed by the chair to draw a con
stitution and by-laws. They are also
to call upon the various commercial
bodies and arrange for a meeting at
the Board of Trade during the com
ing week. An effort will be made to
have every one interested in the sub
ject attend, so that permanent organ
ization may then be effected.
Preliminary steps toward effecting
organized opposition to the' proposed
parcels post bill now pending before
Congress were taken yesterday "after
noon, when an organization to be
known as the Anti-Parcels , Post
League of California was formed. The
meeting, which was held in the rooms
of the Pacific Coast j Hardware and
Metal Association, 132 Market street,
was attended by representatives of
some of the largest commercial houses
in the city.
Effort Will Be Made to In T
terest Commercial-Bodies
in Fight to Be Waged
BILL'S OPPONENTS MEET
Preliminary ; Steps Taken
for Organized .Opposition
Against Pending Measure
Will Be Transportation Director of All
Harriman Lines and Will Be Succeeded
' Here by Charles H . Markham of Houston
BEGIN TO TAKE
SCHOOL CENSUS
TAXES SHOULD
BE RETURNED
PARCELS POST
TO BE FOUGHT
PROMOTION IS GIVEN GENERAL
MANAGER JULIUS KRUTTSCHNITT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, M^RCH 20, 1904:
28
"They in turn discourage others,- and
thtis a disease. that can In] every case
be cured by careful', and skillful hand-
ling Is, allowed to sap the energy of
thousands who miffht free themselves
of the. trouble In a few days.
Pyramid Pile Cure will cure, the
most aggravated case of hemorrhoids
in an astonishingly, short time. It re-
lieves the congested parts, reduces the
tumors, Instantly no matter how large,
allays the 1 nfiamrrtation and stops the
aching or itchingr ; at once.
: Thousands who had resorted to ex-
pensive surgical treatment have been
cured byJthe Pyramid PileiCure— -in a
number ot Instances^persons^who had
spent; months in; a hospitel' under a
pile •specialist. ¦¦\- *¦'. "¦_"; ; '
; . It , is a j remedy that none, need fear
* to ¦ apply, even to the most -aggravated,"
"swollen and inflamed hemorrhoidal
tumors. : ¦ ,
; If you are afflicted with, this stub-
born; disease 'you canniaster it and
master; it'quickly. ;; ; . . ' ' V-
- This remedy, is no; longer an experl-
¦ men t;Ibut a medical 1 certainty, - and J is
sold by druggists ; 'everywhere for fifty
cents a package.; ' " : ¦:¦_'¦ 0^"
, i .Write : Pyramid Drug Co.; Marshall,
Mlch-V : for^ their r.free book ';>:_ on the
cause and cure of piles. ,
Is a strained joint curable? Is lo-
cal inflammation' curable ? Of course.
If properly treated. So ts piles.
-People often become afflicted 'with
piles and ask some old "chronic" who
has always persisted in the wrong
treatment, and naturally he discour-
ages them by telling: them that their
case; is hopeless.
A Question Often Asked by Those Af-
flicted With Piles.
AJDVERTISEMENTa.
IS IT CURABLE?
ADVEKTISEMENTS.
EXTENSIONofSALE
The wet weather prevented
so many of our patrons from
availing themselves of : oiir
remarkable reductions that
we shall continue the An-
nual Clearance Sale until
the end of the month.
W<USLOANE&C0t
•FURNITURE • CARPET* - RUOJ • DRAPEftlEJT-
114-122 POST STREET
' APVEBTisgiEgrr a.
I 818-82O MARKET /ST.. FPAHO>5CO> J
1 VPII INfi^ \ EASTER RIBBONS. I
I . VClLlnUa. \ Just arrived by express a bwatiFulUne of a
I ThelatestVcmn^of aUstylesjX cffSS S^ ribbo* regJ
I made to sell for 25c per yard* \ 35c p« yd; spsdal »9-i
li Special, per yd , • • • *5 C \ pj^ qua ijty of 3-in. and 4-in. pWa H
i\ Malinc Veiling-5000 yards \ and I fancy ribbons, made to stll .* i
I \ , , , . ,,. . f ii _ _•!,, Uv \ 30c per yd. Special pnee ... I5C M
I A black, white, pink, blue, nilc, lav- \ Flf £ a^ M £ Wfc i d o{ gO od|
I ' V ender, red and brown. Keg. pnee Taffeta Ribboa. Special price a
I \ per yd. J5c; special, per yd. . 8c \ . . ... . . . .30c eacfiH
M \ . r- t rhnrn- \ -Bows tied free of charge. (9
j \ Veilings Draped Free of Chargs \ N^ g^^^.^
|ElS.er\ Ladies'^Neckwear— A bcauti- \ tensive line of Lawn Shirt a
I Cards.. \ ful line^f Ladies' Neckwear just \ Wakts at popular prices, g
BandNovA arrived. \ Special Sale of Shirts S
S cities at cut \ i this week. A line of Col- gj
I oners "\ «. - f • 1- T»»Jc W<»*>k — \ ored Laandried Shirts, fi
iSv FreA Mus.c- Specials This.WecK \ Re g.$J.0O and$1^5;|
|2" f "\ American Eagle Two-Step, new; \ sp f da i 85c|
i^W-7^ \ Sunset Waltz,Pickaninnie/ Pas- \ Golf Shirt,, pleated |
§Ea^rSunda y b\ time Schottfechc »5c each \a^aj
I but iwo \yeiks Y' \ 65c |
] off. Our business^ p rce Candy With Easter Novelties \ '^* ap " " Books, 1
lin this class curpjrs-Y \ Photo Albums, I
I «s our expectation at^ EUSteT NOVCltieS. \ Work Boxes,!
I this early datr. Low V . x> r : «:<• \ Toilet Set3. E
1 Tac, S an y das«periora S \R^t<:andy Boxes ... . .. --^ . • |C \ T
B^ now whu.^ -\ R c^L^ndTBox«:.\\::v.:::: m lc\^rfl
«tmentu complete. \ g z |3c \ |
EASTER CARDS. \ Dolkia Eggs IOc, I5c, 25c, 50c \ ,
Various dengns at.. ,....A Fother q^^ 5c , |0c, 25c \ 1
.c. 3C^5C\ DoUs , nBa3kets ioc. I5C.25C, to$L50 \ 1
BOOKLETS Y Happy HooUgan Efg Boxes 10c \ H
In dainty designs 5c, 8c. IOc,Y Large Rabbit Candy Boxes IOc \ |1
• I5cand25c\ Qdcks in Nest 5c; Chicks in Basket 10c \ f
CD.^TAIX STRETCHER \ Decorated Papier Mache Eggs 5c \ |
A thoroughly retiaKe stretcher, \ These are but a few of our novelties. \ B
simple in construction, very sub-\ Bring the little folks to see them. *§
stantial; wilt not S22 in center. Sold\ _ ' _ .- ¦ T j\
everywhere for 51.35; special. ;$Llo\ Bifcl " and P"7« Books at Lowest 11
FOLDING SEWINC TABLE % \ Possible PnceSt |
Yardmea.ureon top; excellent value for W«. >£"«%S«O^ 13? 1
$1.35; special .' 93c Y Descriptions Made to Order. 5|
I GET ON IN I
I CALIFORNIA- j
j GET OFF IN CHICAGO 1
i PO^HAT'S the way of it — if you go East via H
fj 1 e oc^ Island System. i|
3 Get on in California; get off in Chicago. j|
M No matter how you want to go — in a tourist U
If sleeper or aboard the finest train that crosses i&J
II the continent — your ticket should read via the |{
h Rock Island. £ . U
h Reasons will be furnished on request. q
I Two routes— one via Ogden, Salt Lake City, S
t| Coloracfo Springs or Denver; the other via L<]
i In case you wish to communicate with this tj
II office use the accompanying coupon. fe
g Please quote n(1 class rate. Send me any literature fi
H that will be of interest to me. i)
I ljma@Bny[ C> A * RUTHERFORD, | .
m Js&Ikivi'JiJl^Sl District Passcngsr Agent, > j
II ffiriVir t\ } AiL f I |nW| £ 3 St., San Francbco, CaL »j
THE FULL REQEiPT, FULL DIRECTIONS and DESCRIPTIVE
BOOK FREE-SEHD ADDRESS TODAY,
Haw improved Method that Cures All Menroas Diseases thai Exhaus)
ihe Vital Powers of Men-Sites the Vigor and Inclination
of Mono! 25 to Men of 65 and Cures Permanently.
For the benefit of male readers young and old who find themseWes weak in vital fanO"
tioa, the vrell known Dr. Knapp Medical Ca of Detroit, Michigan, will send their far*
mous receipt and full directions bow to cm JftWk
yourself at home, free of charge. It is not wjmSBal
necessary to ¦wriie a full letter, as they send it r-njn^. A$z?&^b -^ tu.
freo as soon a3 they receive yoar name and I^»^^^^^^^A.
address. Wonderful improvements have been KgpliiiP
mada in thi3 famous receipt until it now pod- iw>J?*TSp^
tirely gives the longed-for effect in only one MS* I' B&ffiW^^
day's use, and cures permanently in hilf the tlj*«r i^^'i^
lime required by any ether method that v.*e have
ever heard of. It is a lasting cure for any form
stricture and all other embarrassing conditions
clerful receipt it is indeed worth having. It /yS^-^H 1 /
Ctea direct to the v^akened parU mak^ tha llW$S?&
alizicg erfect on the glands and niucoJT mem-^S h
Ths address is Dr. Knapp Medical Ca. lTCfi
HuU Building; Detroit, Mich. The new re- vTfi-'A"'**-' \0San Francisco will pay about 5100,000
more in taxes annually.
The native countries of the tallest
and the shortest, people of, Europe, the
Norwegians an<J the Lapps, adjoin each
other. '
Ages of Notable Men.
Richard, Olney of Massachusetts will
be 69 on September 15.
Grover Cleveland will be 67 on March
18.
¦ Alton B. Parker of New York will be
52 on May 14.
Arthur Pue Gorman of Maryland will
be 65 on March 11. :
Davia B. Hill of New York will be 61
on August 29.'
George Gray of Delaware will -be 64
on May 4.
William J. Bryan of Nebraska will be
44 on March 16.
President Roosevelt of New York will
be 46 on October 27.
John Hay of 'Ohio will be 66 on Octo
ber 8. •¦¦:.' .- ' Vv ¦ •¦¦ •¦¦:
William H. Taft of Ohio will be 47 'on
September 15.— New York Commercial.
VThomas J. Dempsey, formerly one of
the deputies of ex-Sheriff Lackmann,
appeared in the United \ Spates ; District
Court yesterday and pleaded not guilty
to . an Indictment charging him t with
having conspired with W. F. Dasha,
Ty T. Burnett and Lee Lim to land
prohibited' Chinese coolies by the pro
cess of substitution.
On -behalf of Lee Lim. Samuel M.
Shortridge argued a demurrer to quash
the indictment for uncertainty and be
cause it failed to- set forth any of
fense under the Federal statutes. Mr.
Shortridge read that part of the' in
dictment charging that on: July 1, 1903,
Dasha, Dempsey, Burnett and Lee con
spired : with other parties unknown to
land- illegally 'in the United States cer
tain coolies whose names ' were un
known to the Grand Jury, and that
on : the same date Lee paid , Dasha,
Dempsey and Burnett a certain un
known sum- of money f or ¦ the - purpose
of - inducing them ' to substitute • certain
unknown Chinese for certain other un
known Chinese who had been or would
be : ordered deported to ; China.; The
counsel ' argued at length that no overt
act was alleged in the indictment. The
giving of ? the money by. Lee to the
other - defendants, \ the s counsel urged,
was ) not ; an . overt - act . in > furtherance
of a conspiracy already in •; existence,
but. it was simply a part of the ¦con
spiracy itself and an^ inducement to
the .three white men to enter into the"
conspiracy. • . - , ; :¦.
'Counsel 'quoted from the Alabama
case : of the ; United ; States vs. i Milner,
36j Federal Reports, in '..which the Judge
is quoted as saying that in a conspiracy;
case j it" must .\ be shown ; that the '. overt
act . pcrstdated . the' conspiracy, ; and ; that
Short ridge Asks to Quash
Indictment Against Lee
LiiiL and Three Jailers
SUBSTITUTION
CASE ARGUED
The gold dollar that has been issued
under a special act of Congress to com
memorate the Louisiana Purchase Ex
position has been pronounced by the of
ficial bulletin of the American Numis
matic Association "the finest example
of die engraving and metal stamping,
a gem of numismatic excellence." This
coin is of two types; one bears the head
The "Kxpasltlon Gold Dollar. "
Not Always a Good Thins:.
Here in the East one hears much
about the vast fortunes to be made in
cattle in Kansas. A story comes from
a cattle town there of a man who
bought a carload of steers last spring,
turned them out to graze all summer
and then fed them on corn for a month
or so before selling them. And he
made twenty-five cents by the trans
action.—Exchange.
of Thomas Jefferson, the other what Is
said to be the best portrait of the late
William McKinley. The issue is limit
ed to 125,000 of each type. The price is
$3 each.— New Tork Commercial.
it was not a part of the conspiracy it
self or done to effect its object.
Ben L. McKinley, Assistant United
States replied on behalf of
the Government, and the matter was
taken under advisement.
"Did he?" smiled the second Con
gressman's daughter, who was listening
with some interest to the apology thus
being made for the boldness of the
handsome cousin of the other girl;
-"Yes; he said it was your eyes ¦ that
won him. He——"
"Well, he'll have to come. around and
correct the minutes of that meeting^
The eyes won it, but the nose got it."—
Judg' jfeg
"He said he could not help kissing
you," whispered the first Congress
man's daughter. "He said when he sat
beside you in the conservatory and
looked Into your eyes he was moved by
an irresistible impulse and simply had
} to kiss you." . v .
Parliamentary Ruling.
An unusually heavy storm came in
from the ocean yesterday afternoon
and struck the coast at San Francisco.
It wag accompanied by high winds
and traveled rapidly. . The barometer
readings were low In the northern
,part of California. The rainfall was
general except in the vicinity of Los
Angeles, where it Is most needed.
A wind velocity of fifty miles an
hour was reported from Nevada,
j thirty-six miles from Farallones, for
1 ty-two in this city, fifty at Point
Reyes and sixty-three on Mount Tarn
alpais. The rivers rose yesterday, be
fore the storm as a result of the warm
weather in the mountains. Professor
McAdie of the Weather Bureau stated
last night that the Yuba, American,
Feather and Sacramento rivers would
probably be swollen to dangerous pro
portions to-day.
The rainfall for March thus far is
about four inches. The rainfall' up to
! 5 o'clock last night for yesterday was
! about half an inch. More rain "may
{ be expected to-day.
Gale Blows at Sea and' Rivers Are
Rising.
STORM STRIKES COAST.
orchards and vineyards - will be espec
ially benefited.
BAKERSFIELD, March 19. — Occa
sional showers this afternoon- and
evening were followed by a heavy
downpour to-night. It still continues,
with good prospects of an all night
downpour.
CORPORATIONS
LOSE CONTEST
Supreme Court Denies All
Petitions for Eehearing
in the "Franchise Case"
The corporations of this State must
pay taxes on their franchises. The Su
preme Court has handed down its final
decision in the matter, and there can
be no further appeal. The petitions for
a rehearing have been denied without
comment, and a.remittitur has gone
down to the Superior Court.
The case in which this point was in
volved was brought by the Bank of
California against the city and county
of San Francisco. A decision w*« ren
dered in favor of the municipality on
February 18. The corporations through
out the State rallied for a contest, and
some of California's ablest lawyers filed
a formidable array of new arguments
in the case. The Supreme Court post
poned further action until the new
features of the contest had been
thoughtfully considered. Yesterday the
court issued a formal notice that it
would not alter its previous decision.
The Bank of California will pay about
$12,000 more for taxes " than formerly,
and other, corporations will have to pay
in proportion to their wealth. . The
value of a corporation's franchise under
the decision will be considered to . be
the difference between the value of the
concern's tangible property and the
market value of :' its stock. The court
holds that a franchise is a property.; It
was not previously so considered. :
Assessor Dodge assessed the Bank of
California for a franchise. The v cor
poration held that 5 it did • not , possess
one.' The dispute was carried into the
Superior Court, where a decision -in
favor of the municipality was rendered.'
An •appeal was at once taken to/ the
Supreme Court, which upheld the judg
ment of the inferior tribunal. •Under
the final judgment the corporations of
TRUCK EE, March 19.— The heavy
rainstorm ragring to-day caused the
waters of Lake Tahoe to rise with
alarming rapidity. Last night it was
thought that the danger point was re
moved at least a week, it being figured
that it would take that Ions: for the
water to reach the tor> of the dam.
Several expert dam builders began
'.vork this morning to strengthen the
darn and to prevent undermining. If it
is deemed necessary steamers and
'ighters will be used to gather rocks
from the lake shore to build a new
<lam below the eld one. The snow on
the ground prevents the procurement
of material by quarrying. Last night
the electric lights in town were extin
guished after S o'clock, the high water
in the Truckee River rendering the tur
bine wheels of the electric light plant
I>oxverless. The flood-gates were kept
wide cr>en nearly all day. A few were
close'd early this evening on account of
the current washing away embank
ments and increasing the danger. Man
ager Duane Bliss at Tahoe sent word
last night that there is no Immediate
danger.
People at Reno are making constant
inquiries about the condition of the
dam. A tidal wave would do immense
damage here; five miles of the Southern
Pacific Company's' track and many
bridges would be destroyed, and four
teen miles of the Tahoe narrow gauge
road would be carried away.
Manager Bliss states that the lake
was higher once before the dam was
constructed than now, and' that the
carrying away of the dam would' not
necessarily cause the lake to cease ris
ing, because the outlet would be too
small. j
The lake has a circumference of more
than 100 miles, and more than 400
square miles of •watershed. The surface
water is now seven inches from the
tcp cf the dam. i
GRASS VALLEY. March 19.— The
heaviest rainrtorm experienced in this
section for years visited this city to
night from 5 to 6 o'clock. The rain,
driven by a fierce wind, came down in
blinding sheets. Wolf Creek, which
i'ows through the city, is out of its
basics and flooding sidewalks and the
surrounding lowland. More than 52
Inches have fallen this season to date,
a figure that has not be«n reached in
ten years. The surrounding roads are
In a fearful condition, and a washout
occurred on the narrow gauge road be
tv>«>n here and Colfax. but repairs were
rr.ade in time to enable trains to pass
on schedule time. !
;-"• K KTO2C. March 13.— A heavy .
D Hegan falling shortly before noon ;
to-day and a protracted storm is
locked for. More high water is ex- j
pectcd. as the waterways are so full
about here that there is no current to i
carry of? the surplus. Stockton and .
Mormon channels have risen since yes- i
terday and the continued wet weaher I
i£ causing considerable anxiety. I
LOS ANGELES, March 19.— A bare !
trace was the amount of rainfall re- I
corded in Los Angeles last night. It is |
ctill cloudy at 10 o'clock this morning ;
and the indications are for continued :
ehowers.
RIVERSIDE, March 19.— Rain fell at '
intervals here during last night and at ' :
8'o'clock this morning the gauge regis- : ;
tered .IT. Clouds hang about and give j
prospect of more rain. j
SAX JOSE, March 19. — Rain began ;
falling here early this morning and has j
continued at intervals during the day. |
Up to 2 p. m. .13 of an inch of rain j
had fallen. This makes a total of 10.15 i
for the season, against 12.29 up to the ;
same date last year. The rains of Feb- j
ruary and so far this month assure one I
of the best years in the history of •
Fanta Clara County. The whole val- !
ley is green. Grain and hay Is grow- j
ing rapidly and big crops are certain. •
There will be an abundance of all
kinds cf feed in the foothill ranges, and
the late rains will insure plenty of
feed until late in the summer. The
Lowlands Xear Grass Vallej'
Arc Flooded and Stockton
fSloiiffhs Overflow Banks
1)A)I BEIXG REPAIRED
Fuar Waters of I^ikc Taho&
Will Break Through and
Cause Irreparable Damage
STORM SCARES
RENO PEOPLE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, /SUNDAY; MARCH 20, 1904.
29
NEXT SUNDAY CALL.
Strange Medieval Custom Again
In Full Vogue In the Orient.
INVOKING THE WAR GODS
IN THE FAR EAST
NEW: APV-JtTISEJ-ENTS. ; )i\
WAS BALD SIX YSASS.
Three Months of the Wew Scientlflo
¦ ' Treatment ' Bestored Bis Hair. X
, Baldness is caused >. by dandruff, .which
is caused : by a germ. Kill the germ and
it is: almost certain that hair will- grow
again, if the follicle has not been totally
destroyed. Nels Peterson of Lime Spur,
Mont.,' says: "I had been bald six years,
and had tried all kinds of 'cures,' but
without 'any benefit .whatever until'!
tried Herpicide. November- 16." 1899, I be-
gan using Horpicide, and in three months
a* fine growth • of yhair covered jny; head
completely." .Ask your druggist for Her-
picide.- Everybody, can'- have luxuriant,'
glossy hair ¦¦ if : ; Herplcida v Js •.: used thor-
oughly." Take .no > substitute. • Sold : . by
leading <" druggists. Send;10c in stamps
for sample to The Herplclde Co.; Detroit, I
Mich, rr - ' ':¦ ' ¦ ' : ¦ . ';¦»?.¦'- J
"But recently a wonderful thing has
happened, for I had never expected to
have the use of my limbs again; a
four months' diet of Grape-Xuts Food
for breakfast and cupper made the
change and now. Just" think of It, I
can move my toes freely on my left
foot and a little on the right foot, and
can let the footpiece on my chair down
and gwins my feet vigorously, which
I think Is a wonderful improvement for
the time I have used the food.
"And that is not all! My blood and
my stomach are so much better I am
confident my trouble came from too
much rich food and an overstrain of
t he nerves, but my nerves are much
better, my mind is clearer and I don't
forget things like I did. It must be the
food, for I stopped taking medicine
years ago for the paralysis.
Of course I have the sympathy and
prayers of many Christians, but it Is
wonderful what good pure food will do
for one out of health, and why would
it not be as Rood to keep one's health
up? I have heard lots of others praise
<Jrape-Nuts, but I for one cannot
praise ,it enough." Name given by
Postum Company. Battle Creek, Mich.
Here was a well defined case of
paralysis which came from weakened
r.crves and blood trouble, and which
bejjan yielding almost immediately
when proper food, ' Grape-Xuts," was
.substituted for improper, food. There's
a reason.
' Look in each pkg. for the famous
little book. "The Road to WellvIIle."*
"For fifteen years I was an invalid,
haven't walked a step for over, twelve
years, not able to move my feet, or
even my toes.
Paralysis comes from weak nerves
end bad blood and is often cured now-
adays by proper feeding.
How It Cured Paralysis.
FOOD'S WORK.
GEAPE-1-JTS.
JOE KOSEHBSRG'S. | JOE ROSENBEBG'S. | JOE ROSENBERG'S. | JOE ROSENBERG'S. : r ; | : SOT. ROSENBERG'S. | JOE ROSENBERG'S.
Ml. siB!fl0S T?^ RRTlTiF^ 1 VTPRSi I M OTHFR^ ' Yon May Lan^ at tbfi m $*>
¦SB WSM^'Sb, JT^ Hw H /)^%k wom!n- HERE'S YOUR OPPORTUNITY TO BUY L^mS- «n« gents-
t*a*ti ' t Jot|§ Jf j^L HM wj BB // xL Bnv* I" J' I Bfl I' II J ¦ a |J If n •--. I /s^y^^K UMBRELLAS— Self pat-
5^^ iffiL* slS^^^^r^ I J i A Their ariiPQ' MiiQiin Innprwoar at nno-iflf Prrn' cnt o 9 mn S kind covered
llliiPfi W^^, -^^^^^^^r Jms0$k fI^ !/<?/ *^* B LdUluo afiUoHII UIIUC1 itcdi dl ultu ilaH Fl luu ¦ s^<J§£^} jJiSed^Soth^^teei^rS?
fe^^^^^^^^^^^T >ymm 1»><^ / ¦ \ ff" TW\ ARSH ALL & SAMPSON, one of the largest manufacturers
<m~ 1 ll^/y^Cy / 1 \ Kea/on L^J *? the **"> SOldt ° US^' ir showro . om samples also some of me "tri m mcT Ur At l ?*Tp£f&^
1W W% m WAAly/ A A fp[ \ wh" 11=^ their surplus stock. They comprise gowns, chemises, long 7r , t .
iMf I W t^lr S / M^>y if I \ % bnc, nainsook and lawns, some trimmed vath Valenciennes, cluny OnrStwEA J BGM X\ £ ; a ci
llig&lsl \V » W JL^ti >^\ n v]k\^\VV/ if JfoHask « • and torchon laces; some Swiss embroidery; others hemstitched ebrctea sosoeis auie.
;Jgij[M ?-^^c \ ' |l I P /^^ vl^VA v - T^t and tucked; others trimmed with fagoting. Nobody will be dis- "There is no better
,-^ag|*L 4^^\ If: a % ' \ Every pleased or disappointed at the styles and make and at the prices what* th*e Jadies^say -r-^J^^^;
'"^^^l^f C^ & v^J^&J' >^^^lwvvl^y^ E5 &^ lii i \ ?*"*' LADIES" GOWHS-Made nf Lons- LADIES' SZIETS— Made of Pride skin, extra gussets between the flnsers
» >I^* 3 >^AY«rO^V\vCvCV'/ "W Si tt lore. fla]e mur i inf square yoke with fifteen of the West' muslin; trimmed with a to add to the perfect ftt. Pique atltch-
-jiafcSni&Sr '^-v U^SSSh**? ¦" " ' - ft hemstitched tucks; neck and sleeves deep scalloped rlounee of Normandy \njr. two patent clasps, with the name
;^rSi^^L /*^^ ff^iH^^rai 34 "kLS? Bn EX /» «sr tf » B - rmished with hemstitched ruffle.' Valenciennes lace and insertion; also "Sorosls thormn. In all
.S^^^Sisk -*> ¦ \V^>^ B W% aw® Jck n a a Samplo price 3»c dust rurtle. Sample price 05c colors. Including black h.mI whir- t it-
W^^^^mJ^Q^S^^^^W^^\^>^ ¦ aSHal^ffll J~*k jbtisLaf a a LADIES' GOWHS-Made of Fruit of LADIES' SKIBTS— Made of Vic- ted; warranted Sl.OO
Wt&&25mfi3y Jr:KJ tY "X Jt^ |^\^\\\\vv>>^ . **^ 'ffl "What the Loom muslin. Fauntleroy yoke toria lawn: trimmed with four flounces „ mUAn . m.,. it_ w/ 3, r,»^-'- n
J$&£3a3sSlBr# ]\ y$K l-\^~— "^^ t! H Talks trimmed with two rows of Valen- of Cluny lace and insertion; also four fOF I HOSC WflO^e HuIluS r6rbDil'6
MC$rw«**^ // ' isi*i>^>^ \ jr\\ Kssna *.-*vxan^ ._ . - H XiiTtt ciennes lace and insertion; felled rows of hemstitched tucks h^adinsc H ...-, th(% c.J O\"F thit vou've ho<"i
i^ffi^^ V '$&i®r : i A<?V /r^^ 8^^ 3^^ 8^ I ice? 8eams - Sample price 4Scr the flounce. Sample price.... 81.115 looklnc for Openwork linen meWi"
§ie§*S/ y^H,^ \ l/c" f 'y /tZZ-J&> V*^_- dr CL. & A3 HL a i> * LADIES' QCWKS — Made of White LADIES' CORSET COVEES — Made one larjre p^arl clasp, fancy si!k em-
dSSy^jy / / '-\^^t\ i\ f *£3B&' «x>gptfay B mi-* Ko«k Muslin with new empire yoke of soft bleached muslin, round neck: broider^d back, kid fitting. Note the
tjv*C3** /' r jr§S \V '0 I 'il\ • a « effect; trimmed with tucks. Cluny lace trimmed with Torchon lace. Sample ] ow price oOc
i&««* & 'fa&r W l I 1 ') ***** A IW^I rvl f" ¦ •— #¦• *** U y?«f"- e and Insertion. Sample prlc« <J5c price. , 112c
JU&gy S/^\S <l/i£L \\£[ i 1 !' i ArM U* I I"* i-*^! t r 1 " 1 *¦"»» M S,» LADIES' QOXTXS— Made of French LADIES' COESET COVEBS— Made U a y> Vati Trait TeiirJ flip p.-)-w U fi n-v
1 / \\< ® v^^ /*[*< <S' rn W I fl^L- r^lULuO i S" cambric: square yoke and trimmed of .soft bleached muslin: round and nd ' (u IIM £»»« UIO1 IUB TUJ) nU UJ
i 2%8v\ .7V\|L teS 7 \ffitowA > a with a cluster of tucks and Cluny lace square neck; felled scams. Sample frtP YiW f.hi'dfPn "
. 3& S&yVA Vr^l 1 A ¥%& 3?" S2 ft.^t.i. 1 ««k» 8 %?,^r**n insertion and fagoting; sleeves and price ..". 7c m 1Ulil tul ' Ulcu •
j^/VA^.^ #^^i 8 VSK 3 3fi &"** pjl S *««* I B |Vi S jitn collar trimmed to match. Sample CORSET COVISS — Made of New Hcne Batter Made. It's a
¦ Wf\^/^^eA Iw3 fe»#^^lk<ri EUa %tfT ff S k*J •^ C 8 I NJ B our prtco ••• ••• S & c York mills muslin: round and square /^» ft GrMt Deal to Say. 2Iov-
; S*ft.*siV^^CT \\^l E •Vto-e LADIES' GOWHS — Made of Lonsdale nock: Valenciennes lace trimmed: f Vd' i: Vy crth.«l«a» It c True.
¦ ££T2£*g3'«iia JA^X \!3?4 ' I I rVfi *T"\ GZZ. F~\ %. A A S mm A P*\ E C'-owded cambric, empire style; trimmed with felled seams; tight fitting. Sample *r/-^«C>t* F ° r nt - wear or service.
t M&& • \GSl Xfc/ l^g * Jl £_ yir T** fi\ \r 3 witli Torchon lace and insertion; neck and price KJc *J//TA Mt.do of double twisted
SHjSti'SJji^v «ly v58a »«a» • *b» v v W./ 1 ""* iSa «p» t B Appre- sleeves trimmed to match yoke. Sam- LADIES' COSSET COVEES — Made vv^SS^V Ensltsh thread, fast black.
!S SttrvJJrit&f * m ciativo pie price Sl.Ufi of Lonsdale cambric; armholes and ' rionhle h-^1.^. toes >!nd
• Vtffa «—_ -'-;-' - a Buyers. LADIES' DBAWEHS— Made of soft neck Cluny lace trimmed; als-> four * krto.s: velvet finish: light.
i H SgttW; ¦" E_J Ct V/ %,A/t I ft w^ P""» ff Values bleached muslin; umbrella shape; rows of Cluny lace insertion; perfect medium and heavy weights. All sizes
i? 3§5rE? lE"^ * !• ELY Vw * L_l l5 fc. • ff Her* trimmed with hemstitched ruffle. Sam- tlttinp:. Sample price 125e PaJr -«>f
SmSS S[gS^ ~ . "*»*-• «-**—. ff rir«t, ple:prlee VJa -LADIES' COESET COVERS— Made _ p r , nr . .
CL f\ 9 f™«k ET f\ P^ ¦ 3 LMt and LADIES' DItAWERS— Made - of of French nainsook: square neck; foOt UltSIl idQ IGU U6t <L brSSilDS
" !^3?jS( w Vjf tors b^f y~" ¦ \jJt *B^ - S Alway«. Sampson's muslin; the "Leslie" cut; trimmed with fagoting and double -, , . m.- T ri u t»«
S-^S tSlMiSk A ' M DeedB, tucked and Valenciennes lace trimmed. rows of Valenciennes lace and insert- tOulD 3.1 iGb LOW lilCC
t tSSSr^Jv PI J& ¦- a Wo * Sample price lf)c ing. You will appreciate the real \Tirf» nf .¦,n ( .rinr miatitv ru'M n«»r-
t§^ / I^^^^V. U £F If* M S|O 0 or<l J s— - LADIES' DBAWEBS— Made of New worth when you see them. Sample cha f u n 8 Inches long, fine and coarso
; j&Ht? / /^. Bag g ifflk "iwC.^ • • • Sm 8 wZm Jr ¦ 3;H? * s York mills muslin: wide-umbrella cut; price _!)e teeth. We don't quote the value — we
r*i^J / /5«.\ JS? V» Af v mi trimmed with Cluny lace and insertion LADIES' COSSET COVER — Made of gj ve it. Here's morf than an t-ven ex-
igr JS / i^f2V\ KyH w^Sh^^- JEr <&? \&.& f^kt^. S J*r You U open-work, hemstitched and tucked. soft finished nainsook; V shaped neck; change for your moii»y Kach lilc
IS»^ / iteSy* * Egggf jW w 4r WET C-# MF 'B III Jjr \^+\* Sample price :... 12 oC trimmed with tucks and fagoting and
ESiJ / #*kbS«4 tr£5i i B3fl££ffiav v vv I ¦ ¦ «^w^ At the . LADIES' DRAWERS — Made of • four rows of Valenciennes lace and In- Tanioc' Rn^O
%M I / ii§m V V nSS^..- ReT^s soft flnisSd ™in; umbrelfa sertion. Sample price ;;."ic UQICS HO^ bappOrieTa
"g| // / \ V R?''!^^^^ ouwers. shape; trimmed with twelve-Inch wide LADIES' CHEMISE— Made of soft The Good Kind at Low Prices.
SI H / t Mm* ffl»,vs.\ iF fSB*^" * embroidery and ten rows of tucks. bleached muslin; round yoke; tucked SIDE OARTKRS — Made of
TO /,' / / /k9£§ i s^«S^\ 'l r"\ • Sample price 3oc and embroidery trimmed. Sample fancy frilled lisle elastic; fancy '.7
JJ jj fit ?£? EjSr -^7^$^ ~H~ 'Ufc. LADIES' DRAWERS Mitchell's price 1 .">c bowknot buckles, with button m\ x
ns\\, / / i^5^^^^$fSV'Oli^/Z^i TiflW PrirP<* in Tafli'PS' WnnlPIl Tn thP Pri/»A fllftPP'c tnV Tadfpc' patent finished muslin; umbrella shape LADIES' CHEMISE — Empire shape: clasp. Pink, red and blue °nly. Vj*
U' / J&Z&M* tT ?m#ra<?3i£M$ rntCS ill LdUlCi HUUieU 10 llie rrlie tUlier b lOr LdQieS nd trimmed with a deep flounce of made of Lonsdale cambric insertion; hence the low price Pair lOe W(
fY\ I ' £-C\£*] S^V rnTT ra^^ *xL IlndfiFWfi^P * SllV \K\S ¦' Valenciennes lace and insertion. When tucked and lace trimmed. Sample DIANA ABDOMINAL RK- JgTT
V( l^i^'^ tr^^i^ UUUClIKCai 011\ !C5lb you see these you will say how reason- price 25c DUCER nnd HOSE SUPPORT- <^
iiM \Jtyj fir 1 "T^T -I C We are overstccted, tence the Especially new for jrood ones at low able wo sell our goods. Sample LADIES' CHEMISE — Made of soft ERS combined. Made with per- W
misi5b^\ "' ¦-.'¦•¦ - * eduction. prices. '. price ti .-45c finished nainsook: V shape; trimmed fect-flttin* pad; four straps of A
•. LADIES' COMBINATION SUITS — >^fib Made of pure Vega silk, LADIES' SXIRTS — Made of soft with five rows of Valenciennes lace in- fancy frilled elastic, with button R
/*** V3s^ Made of Sea Island yarn, high neck. -^fs! tX. low neck and no Bleeves, bleached muslin; trimmed with a deep sertlon; long skirt effect. Sample clasp. In pink, blue, white, red I*
/ long sleeves and ankle length, jersey VxVr>S Swiss ribbed. Deep hand- tucked flounce; also dust ruffle. Sam- "price 55c and black. Price Pair 25 c "
\~*^^ knit, medium Veight, in gray or Vdr wr/ crocheted yoke; armholes pie price ..:.... 85c • LADIES' SKIRT CHEMISE — Made _ ,. „„ _ ___ ?__^.
Fnr th? fnld ini Pain? Woalhpr eCrU ' \ W r * iU ' ek&iT ? nf J " ec^ trimmed with Bilk LADIES' SKIRTS— Made of New of soft finished cambric; Queen a Louise _ 1 3™ WB A r 1 e 1 ™±^lSe« ua weU^taited
rOr IQB V/OlU ttUa ttaiay WealDer LADIES' COMBINATION mm' ace and beading. In pink. York mills muslin; trimmed with a yoke effect, with swiss embroidery lace S a^5; rrL^f l£VL fl£*
VThy Hot Wear Some ef These Com- ' O SUIT— The celebrated Oneita KfiS blue and cream. Instead of deep flounce of Torchon lace, also ten and tucked, trimmed and finished with ** * otni mirDecx XJxem you WU1 naa
fcrt Qivcra? . make. High neck, long lt»» J1.2o, Monday and Tuesday rows of tucks and dust ruffle. Samplo a large satin ribbon bow. Sample K 10 *
'LADIES' GOWNS-Made of Daisy 4§| £7^^ tnl ' 85c price .......QSe price ,.. 75c Red-letter Daj III AUtO Of WrfSt BagS
"*™ , • i.^t"^ 6 o>° t?,V.ir« r -^Siffr £,«« Wh shoulder, which are seamless T)a Vn\ TTncpf f ft T\nv& a Vntkct PitHntf - - = Made of Levant and pressed leather.
nn v n t fltw Ci ' u '.^ Wf 3 and kld flttl "S- Made of UJ HUl ol^li 10 nd¥B tt reriflCl rilling Vt jQSk Km 1% AAeBRHnRBR^ A TUT with leather or chain handles; purse;
whit/^?, I lif 111 trlmmed i J" W steam shrunk Australian [)rpcc Ilnlpcc Ymi HaVA 3 PPffprt 13 fiTf^ OilRBiniBlirHlBl iHt also card case inside; nearsilk linings.
white only. Sample price v W wool Jersey knit; , n ecru or UlZb* UlUCbb IUU ndYt) d rCrieCl 3 H \A g Oil^^KLlEJRaOi-Z ' llL extra strong sewed— not glued. Real
LADIES GOWNS— Made of colored 1 white. Now Sl.OO Fitting CffiSPt 3 $ tSi iL* l^ii^^I^BBB^^B^ DDinC HJITTCD wor th $1.00 and $1.25. A limited quan-
striped flannelette; Zouave-shaped LADIES' VESTS— The Merode make. rilUllg. ViUlSCL M g M \m I H |J IB B I W gj i [ M IB H H UC"uU LH tity will be sold for 50c
yoke, collar and cuffs; finished with High neck and lonp sleeves. Made of We make a specialty of flttin* tfaooe _H^ffi0 aH^^rBaB^fi^asafla^?? 1 '''" 1 -"" 1 !*-"'
Filk embroidered scallop also feather- st eam shrunk wool, shaped kind. k«d to fit. g || gJN •' - • L gSt Ye FOr^t !
w b x'"< ¦ r" p * Inl . C a " d hlu ,° stn P es - TIGHTS— Jersey nttlnj? tops, ankle STOUT WOMEN MADE THIN by iLSPl^^, 816 Markpt Street II OTari'CH Street °
At the Price Cutter's, sample price.. length, made of same quality as above wearing the LA GRECQUE BELT- W£P «£32 Ol ° IYIdl IVCt OU eCl - M U l Ul ' C!1 *>U CCU _ If Toa W»at Any Good
•¦;••• 05c In gray or white. Instead of J1.50, REDUCING CORSET. Made of im- -; __ . __ „,,,.,,-,-, - rtT ______ V- '"/^(l_^ Pi_i aad Heodlaa tha
LADIES' DRAWERS— Made of Monday and Tuesday special ported cloth, boned with aluminoid MAIL ORDE3S SOLlGITEX>. . ¦ _« l^SM^EiV. PtIcb Cnttar>« la
twilled Daisy flannel, umbrella cut ' Garment 81 (K) »°">ng. which is unbreakable. It ' .^^5*-^ +s- a*!
French band, trimmed with a d?cp T , TTT .., _ M _ . " makes the heaviest figure rhapelv and -.,, , „ . j t « t-- 'j « 3 - « 1 taa --ore.
irf?rt i n&^ 1 S_.f?hht ltt B. a K tt ™ v Be !°_ Yonr Jp Interest to £ Ribl)0Ils . Wise and Ponnd Foolish ig]§f g ™°? En S^2e!
pie price 39c LOOK at SOIDfl Of TflfiSfl VftliS instead of applying temporary The Kewent Up-tq-Date Styles. If Ton Miss These Offerintrs la Hand- " "- ' With twelva rows of
Ifot an oM ««-i. -_««•-• «.J»« n *' P; es8ure - " Properly ntted .ana worn <Si__5Sv They are not worth one • kerchief s. ;. ; . needle-pointed pins la a case, Th«
Time and Tide Wait for No Man But f^^^i^^^^^lm^ /fQ J\ l V^£l\ 9 n^ 71 * T~""^l c
© ZBB SWEATS ft M< *T M^ JL^^ffiL
"jf«_. GOLF JACKETS— Made of eusi ° •• -oc ft ¦ The Genuine Kind. _^g^7 want to get our stock In J^IWS^/)^ hemstitched. _ c Witlx a BUf B f or JBarffafcuu
/^Vi"^ stf-am-shrunk yarn, in fan- RirflratfP VPJk LS\ . M f c l? of jr lm P° rterl sateen; »***-« shipshape order. That is t.f each or 400 manufacturer's •—-——«¦¦
i^M cy knitted designs. Button DllUUdfcO JBU_ Wf)) straight front, low bust, the reason we make this big price cut. |^5lh3(«_^/ A. dozen _()r strips of EMBROIDER- KglSgfc-Kl
fflM&ftfi all the way down the front; --_3^_ Are in greater demand than \M{ princess hip; circular cut and ALL-SILK FRENCH TAFFETA, 5 GFN'TS' HAVDKFRnun7<? 1ES and INSERTIONS.
'iSS-Ti^Mft new bishop sleeves; pouch 4&lg3il ever. Here are some of the \)<l hand gored. Abdominal re- inches wide, corded edge, alpaca finish —Made of soft finished Triih la^n direct from the manufac- Rsp^mlKl
~My#lj front and knitted belt. In iN^^f beautifying kind at low \\ Cueing hose supporters with and high luster. In pink, blue, red, f g Ia< ]« l'°ir d hed v n L <t t! ' turer in Switzerland, and W> /W\B
i^S^y red. green, black and white. Fw*V ; f Prices. Made on crisscross * button clasps attached. More maize and white. Special iuu size, nemsmened. .now .»c each. from x to 15 inc hes wide; QT ,/ [\J Vj
aaffiffl Very chic and exceedingly . A V-7? and complexion net. with than an even exchange for Sl.OO A yard 12% c r' 1 '^ '':"'"'"' A dozen.3oc there are openwork. r/VJ/JJ
1-&**-" low in price S2.OS 'k'^^ chenille dotted border and nn r 1 SATIN TAFFETAS — The imported LADIES HANDKERCHIEFS — Made blind wheel and flower RBSSE^—BIl
5^3££L sides. In blue, brown and 32 CCDIS kind, high luster, full five Inches "f soft finished Shamrock linen, soft effects; in 4, 5 and 6 |^vl^~5~_
Wflit AbOllt RTI 4!l-W0nl EifJPrdnWn W&$? tSr - black. Instead of 50c. at Bat worth 1 mat d»i «in» wide, all silk and washable. In pink. _. , S^! 01 ' , neat narrow hemstiched. yard lengths; all button- ¦"^"™rri__ia
HUH nUUUl dU All nUUl mUCIUUHll 'IT the price cutter's 30c ? 7m^ A.mot ?.a O ° *' blue, cream, rose and black. Instead 81.00 a dozen, or Each 10c holed edge. We bought at an erceed-
Jar,RPI ct^po »» 7f # w ° J /5Jn of 35c we wI11 self*, limited quantity > ingly low price and our patrons will
- ._ ,' au ". 2 niuslon Puffs made free by experts. ? E ,f, s i~" ?* ade " of . French && for 7rT. U7c DfAQC Rhiplriq buy them the same way.
For these cold mornings, when you «. „. « twilled tape; rust-proof, X- f LTCoa OlllCIUa R ' ., 10 „,,„„.„ * at%
can buy them now for one-half price. DlYOrCe CaSe . front steels finish- f&J> ' MiHtarV Fndtfn<! ~ It will be many moons again before B 15c qu_ ty Sow.'::::::: Sc
Made of extra heavy all-wool ripple Partners Could ICot Affree ¦ tan hnw tS B ?.iS n j/fc^J ¦ B_IU_y. HJISlgllS you can equal these for price and qual- Regular 20c quality now-. "II Il_c
Sd^SJffl^ta They ITZ^T™:^ 8 "^ We . KSte^nd Say^JusAV "Mi Refular 35c now _oS
with a liand crocheted shell pattern of bought their samples of handmade corset for tho new. up-to- AV^J eagles and emblems. In red black and *™ 1 odorless Full size %7w fWMV Piii-fn.* _ A rt«V 7«-
wool yarn. In pink and blue. Instead Tenerlffe and Mexican drawn-work date woman. 13o not Judge '\X >7 white _achlOc »™ ...... ff ....... Pa'ir'To IDlKr S 10011011, MOlDfir S J07,
of 75c and J1.00. Monday and Tuesday SCARFS. TABLE COVERS and DOI- the corset by the price. . _ _ _ ._ . _, , air 4C .' A __ th ' tvttavt«1' wrr
B£, I iiif«=s--;r l^ppil .""• 1 rs,srr .»'-.-.'*„ .wl.w&^-
£ The good kind at a low S_eletO_ ' Collie -«•?'? inches ?lZ& *n* K inche's^Mde' ' bK? white and red" % fS scroll effects In Arabian them _oc and 35c
m price. Made of heavy Eng- 0-C1CIUU tUllttTb a* r,^/ mene « »»"«?" d 17 inches wide. low for a conar ]lke fi~% or white. Just the Lace " m_» AJTO WO__ar.
» lish lawn, large bib. and ¦ COLLAR FOUN- cutter s 3«C th , s Price *. 5c § J to trim your Easter rtomath BAVDS ToTrl-,not -«.
a i§g_@i QB s;t aisygjfe « ;4^^«.~ Efl^Hisa
i_kP . hpmst » t ch e d hem V> hen you Wa&^ffim round and pointed, good bright luster. In sizes 7. 8, 0. white, pink, blue, lavender and Per- flower and leaf designs; not one worth of extra fine jersov knitted wool fab-
Br«KTth?ir P S_lu_ Oiirnrle. -An black and white. Full sized bunch at the Price Cutter's sian. You will appreciate their real less than 50c a yard, some as high as Vlc"hifc£lnV^™™*Ux£iiuZi
predate their \aiue. uur price.. _oc Each Sc 10c worth when you see them at... .. 25c 75c. At the Price Cutter's. .Yard 15c in gray or white 75c apiece
¦ Ap-VTBTISEMEMTS. : _
BHBESHBHHHaHEHaHEHBaaaaaasaHDEHBnaaaanaansaHa
3 CasK or little- F/\Md«r* I
S At a time rOlOlfSQ S
5 "B^^^^^^S^l^' jsjjll mirror, 12x40. We have ]
S others from $19.00 up- g
H '^s-r^^r^sir^^^^f^S ward. Our stock of Bed g
I j«S *fF^T'. gjl Sets, Parlor ¦ Suits, Car- p
S 1 1 ' <k '- % '¦ h M^r- fall Kitchen Goods is the Jjj
a Hp :S$g P;^^^M ! Wl ' Iar & est and best selected a
H P§| § i ill in the cit >* and at Iower a
m 1^ iT'^C'^f'^y'i^lSi i|| I figures than elsewhere, as g
q i wc have no rent t0 pay S
¦ TO^^^g^=^^^ ; = ::^^' i^i^^ and give our patrons the a
I The J. IMoonan Furniture Co. !
5' 1017 1021 MUctnn above SIXTH. . j*
1 ¦MHHMBBBMHHHflMUHHHBHBBHUMBUB 'The average value of sable skins in
the Tnina-Balkan province of Russia
this season is $ 14. Those who I buy
from the hunters expect 300 per cent.
Foxskins are bought at $5 40 ami
squirrel skins at 23 cents.
GIBRALTAR. March 19.— Emperor
William on visiting the rock of Gib
raltar to-day said: "It quite reaches
my expectations. It is grand, like
everything English. I am" not sur
prifed lhat Gibraltar i 3 impregnable."
Pleased With Gibraltar.
T. Frederick, be seated. This was done
about tvvo^ hours before the Congress
expired* March 4, 1885/ v The Grant 'bill
was then unanimously '.passed."- While
Wilson voluntarily retired, it was for
a special purpose and not, because he
felt that' his 'election' was void.—Wash
ington Star. '
• BERLIN, March 19.— Emperor Wil
liam and King Alfonso figured as life
savers in a storr told in Das Kleine
Journal. According to the 'paper the
two monarchs were cruising about the
harbor of Vijjo on the ffunboat Vas
co Nunez de Balboa when, owing to the
awkward maneuvering: of a fishing
steamer' named the Meliton. the. two
vessels, came into collision. "A 12
year-old boy fell between the vessete
and .would inevitably have been crushed
but for the intervention of the mon
archs. who personally dragged him to
the gunboat. The Meliton was seri
ously damaged and it is considered si
most a miracle that her boiler did not
explode. ... ' . •
Drag Him Out of the Water When
He Was in Danger of Drowning
After a Collision.
EMPEROR' AND. KING SAVE
THE LIFE OF YOUNG BOY'
The girl' claims to have been married
when she-was 16 years old to a man
living at Wymore, Neb., who deserted
her the following year.
The most successful part of her work
was in disposing of her plunder, none
of which hag ever been recovered. It
is believed she carried it to another
town before parting with it.
When arrested she had a silk dress
and ether valuables done up in a bun
dle. A dozen persons in whose homes
the girl worked have been to the police
station \ and identified her. They all
say that her neat and courteous man
ner won their confidence and disarmed
all suspicion.
A: demure and ccmmonplace looking
domestic, Ella Hurst would , hire out
as 'a , housemaid, and, whenever op
portunity offered, would pack up a
number of valuables, which, it is sup
posed,were disposed of through some
confederate. After each. theft the girl
left the city suddenly and on her re
turn after a month or two- hired out
to a new family and successfully kept
up the game until she has worked the
houses of about a score of wealthy
people. She carried off valuables from
all except the last.
The property ; taken includes opera
glasses, men's dress suits, hand-painted
china' cut glass, overcoats, suits of
clothes, punch glass sets, umbrellas,
jewelry, silverware and watches.
OMAHA, March 19.— Ella Hurst, who
has baffled the Omaha police for a year
and a half, was captured to : day. She
Is . only 24 years of .age, but the police
say she is the most successful house
thief who -has operated in this city for
many years. : '¦'¦ "¦'¦¦ '•. '
Youn^ Woman Whp Hired
Out as Housemaid and
Eobbed;Eniployers* Caught
SCOURGE- OF THE TOWN
Long Chase of the Police of
OmaJ] a' Is Rewarded by the
Capture ; of : Ella • Hurst
CLEVER THIEF
OCCUPIES CELL
. In connection with the voluntary re
tirement of \ Representative ;Shafxoth
from his seat' in " the HouseVof •'Repre?
sentatives it is recalled that Secretary
James Wilson of > the "Agricultural- 'De-^
partment relinquished" a -seat -in* the
House to a contestant in order, that' the
bill to make' General Grant a full gen
eral on the retired list might be passed.
A report had been made from the com
mittee and the ; case .was • pending ?on
the last day of the Congress. :A bill for'
General Grant ; was brought! in,' but ! the
Democrats, a .who " were? in "the"; majority, 5
insisted that there should' be a' vote on
the -contest • against .Wilson." r The -Re^
publicans ; were ' filibustering *< against
fiucha:vote'<belng*taken, but Mr. Wil-
got', upja'nd; stated that- he^ did: not
: want to ¦ stand' in "the ; way/of ¦ the^ Grant
bill, and asked * that ¦ the contestant, B.
Gave Way fop Grant Bill.
. NEW YORK, March I&— Plans' are
being gradually perfected for the great
automobile hill . climbing contest this
summer up Mount : Washington . In the
White Mountains.. The main difficulty
has been to get permission to use the
mountain road for such a purpose. *Ne-'
gotiations to this end have practically
been closed. The present intention is
to hold the contest during ... the -latter
part of June or; early in July. The
start will be made near the foot of the
mountain and the contest, which .'•will
virtually be an endurance test, will last
two days. ,
'Mobilists Plan Endurance Test.
Dolphin Oarsmen in Barge Races.
The members of the Dolphin Swim
ming and Boating Club will hold the
first rowing races of the season to-day
over the regular course oft North
Beach. Four barge crews will . take
part in. the races, which will. be over
a course of one mile, with a turn.
The creys are made up as follows:
No. I—Frank1 — Frank Curry. bow;.Fr»d Selbol. for
mard vxlft; S. Vlcini, after waist; W. O.
Patch, stroke; Con Kennlff, cockswain No.
2 — R. Ohea. bow;,C. M. Farrell forward
waist: AVilllam Rcmensp^rßer. alter wal«f
l*o WJenand. etroke; Val Kelirleln. cockswain!
No. 3 — Gus Brttrand, bow; Ernest Schep
pler. forward waist: Thomas ' Ilarrli!, after
watst; ¦William Harri*. etroke: L. Rlchmon'l.
cockFwaSn. No. •* — F. J. .Sherry. - bow; rL
Thompson, forward waist; H. Swedlund. after
¦n-alrt: T- X; Dlxon, etroke; J. J. Cronin
cockewain.
The races will begin at about 10
a. m., rain or shine.
All the class manufactories in Bel
pium are uniting in a trust "in order
to oppose the demand of the, labor
unions for wages and to -obtain' better
selling prices in foreign markets.";.
NEW YORK, March 19. — The
Financieritliis week says:. ;
The feature of- the official statement
of the New , York Associated i Banks
last week was the wide ~ discrepancy
between the cash changes as shown by
the bank returns and those indicated
by the estimates which were based
on the traceable movements of money
during the week. The official state
ments showed an unaccountable los 3
of $2,690,300 cash, while the estimates
called for a gain of about this sum,
or $2,743,000. Loans were increased,
but not to the extent looked for, the
amount of gain. being: $1,519,800.°
The statement did not show agood
balance, the sum of loss of cash, less
the increase in loans, being:, greater by
$915,000 than the decrease -in
deposits. This failure of the return
to balance was probably due to' the
bank merger . operations. The daily
average of clearings was $185,000,000,
an increase of "$25,000,000 compared
with the , previous ; week, reflecting
more active speculation on the Stock
Exchange and. possibly showing the
loans due to- the collapse in the cot
ton deal. The clearings reported on
Saturday, representing Friday's busi
ness, were $190,475,245, or above^the
average.
One incident of the .week- was the
merger of, the Central National by the
Citizens', which became effective Mon
day.: - -.• -. , ¦• : - . .•¦ :-'• '.".'. " ' ,'.
Major Truitt and Captain Maccoy
pursued and captured the Datto
Iybansrun and his retainers. Troops
are now trailing AIL
MANILA. March 19. — News *of an i
important military engagement has
just been received from Cotabato,
capital of the province of Mindanao.
On March 7 detachments of ' the
Seventeenth and Twenty-third Infan
try, Troop B of the Fourteenth Cav
alry and Gatley's Battery, 450 strong,
under command of General Leonard
Wood, attacked and captured the
cotta (fort) of the Datto AH, who re
sist the anti-slavery law. His defen
sive works were destroyed and their
abandonment forced by the accurate
flre of the battery. Two thousand
Moros made their retreat, with a loss
of 100. The Americans sustained no
losses. Twenty-four cannon, forty-six
lantacas (pieces of native artillery)
and large quantities of ammunition
were captured and the fortifications
razed.
Statement Association
Sliows Difference Between
I the Reports and Estimates
Major General. With Strong
Force, Demolishes the De
fenses Hjf the Datto Ali
NATIVES FLEE
BEFORE WOOD
BANK RETURNS
REVEAL A LOSS
The Hotel St. Francis begins business
to-morrow. Incorporated in its construc
tion and equipment are the latest ideas
known to the hotel world. The factories
and looms of America and Europe have
combined to render its service, comfort
and fittings second to no hotel in Amer
ica. Those who have inspected its*fur
nishings state that no American hotel
equals it in appointment and finish. Bet
ter^ furniture cannot ba made. Any more
costly would amount purely to extrava
gance. Variety of design and richness
of material characterize every suite and
room. Five types have been selected,
viz.: Colonial. Empire, Sheritan, Louis
XV. with clxairs of the Chippendale pat
tern for the dining-room. Each piece has
been made to special order and the ag
gregate undoubtedly comprises the larg
est single order for furniture ever placed
en the. coast. The entire contract was
given to \V. & J. Sloane & Co. of this
city, and the installation has been com
plete in every detail. Four hundred and
fifty rooms have been furnished aside
from the cafe, dining-room, ladies' par
lor, library, banquet rooms, private dln-
Ins-rooms. lounging-room and ladies' re
ception reom and grill. The respective
lines represented in the furnishings were
either made by Slocnc & Co., or by
agencies controlled by them for the
coast. As an instance, the rugs in the
ladies' reception-room and parlor are
hand-tufted Bagdad, a line of • fabrics
that they have exclusively represented
in the Vnited States for the past fifty
years. The carpets have been especially
woven to order, those of the* corridors
being all of one piece. They are" of heavy
quality of Saxonia pile carpet. The din
ing-room carpet is of special: design and
color, and weighs 2300 pounds. For
these goods Sloane & Co. are sole repre
sentatives. The draperies in dining-room,
library and ladies' parlor are of silk ve
lour and mohair plush, richly embroidered
in gold. The fifteen private .parlors arc
hung with rich brocatelle and silk dam
ask tapestries. The mattresses and bed
ding are thebest procurable, and in this
feature /as in all others, no expense has
been spared. An order of this size and
character so completely and promptly
filled would do credit to any, establish-"
ment in America, and it is especially so
to a local business house. ¦ Sloane ;& Co.
have unequalcd .facilities for - executing
an order of this size by virtue of their
ample workshops. ' tlieir large force" of
competent men and of * the high-class
agencies' they exclusively 'represent.
• The prestige of Sloane & Co. inithe
furniture world was no doubt largely in
strumental in their this order
for furniture, and it is undoubtedly true
that.no order ever filled by them has so
contributed to their prestige. Bfi
Furnishings of tlie Hotel St. Francis
.. . Incomj>arable. .
AX ARTISTIC SUCCESS.
THE SAN FRANCISCOaOALL, SUNDAYS MARCH: 20, 1904.
30
APVEBTISmffTiNTa. *
During the two years in San Fraa:is:a ihi Elsclro-Chßnic Insiiufs has published tfea ts»-
tirnonials of many cured pafanfs. In ninety per cent of these cases the .patient
: had triad all other known nndici! ireatnuots without the least benefit, li
every case the paiient giving ths testimonial ha: gWen the name and fall
address, and in most instances the picture of the cured patient
' has accompanied the testimonial. Every one of ihsss
- testimonials has been genuine., ill have bees
given by patients who were grateful to the
Electro - Chemic physicians far their
quick and thorough cures. „
"• T A PIONEER'S TESTIMONY.
Below we publish the tastiinonial of a gentleman, whose standing; In the com-
mnnity must surely add weight to his words of recommendation.
Mr. Jacob Bryan is a man of such sterling" worth and character, that aH**th«
money in %an Francisco could not influence him to say anything; »• d* 4 n0 *
mean. Mr. Bryan has lived at Colma for thirty-seven years. He was chairman
of the Beard of Supervisors for four years. He was Postmaster at Colma for
twelve years. He has been a Kotary Public for fourteen years. He is a man of
independent means, owning; considerable valuable real estate in Saa Francisco.
Mr. Bryan says in his testimonial that any one wishing; to know mor« about
his successful treatment at the Electro-Chemic Institute is at liberty to call oa
him at his home in Colma, where everybody knows him. or to write him if they
find it inconvenient to call.
WM^i^fy<^"" " ' "''.^V"'.* *-Ysfe allowed myself to *et Into the drugging habit.
Ww®^?^ * have » lwavs made v a ruI * > nowever> never
' i.V' , to put off until to-morrow what should b*
Wp£V&»i'® ' . : *^^^**ss* dnn« to-day. A few weeks aio I felt that I
ip^flfllPj^i?''* Sjf*vli'v^ fered aulte severely from an oppressive pain
llllPlMisS^*''^****'' ** *~ "•***!&£& go to tne Electro-Cherolc Instltuto for a e*r«-
&%%oH*^L%l' ' " *"* * '&P£*^* ful examination to find out really what my
W^s£^^£^ ¦- V" Jn&*|l| trouble was. The examination revelled the
l^^^^^rW^V^f'f *~v"~ v " |^^|i^ fact that I was suffering from rheumatism.
$%£%ss¦ **-? f&iM&S* ' ' "^l^*! Rheumatism of the diaphragm the Electro-
|SJW£& S "' .-;-?•»&* . BffiM£* Chemic ureclalist called It. and that was irst-
t%m&MM?MfflF! '¦ :' »-y&» -y& - ; & : ':' T3ai£i!g:s ting pretty near* the heart. I was advised to
§|||§fl£-- ' ', . sffi&ss3 take the Electro-Chemic treatment, and to
K^^J}" :¦ *33»*yH leave medicines alone, and as that agreed
P^lfC'iiV 'ipKftPfa ? rettv wc:i w" 11 my own ideas I at one* be-
r '^^^^^l Ean the Electro-Chemic treatment, and In
¦HoHsaßt * ' .™KW9W one month's time. In spite of ths rainy and
Hmßrafe • ' ? > jSEBjgBBgsL d^ a STeeable weather, and in spite of a pretty
fiaßSSg ' '<ri^ffnffiJW°i sever? cold which bothered me, I have been
BShT''' ' 'S^SSlS^^^Q entirely cured of the rheumatism. The pres-
HH§H' ' f 3B^KtE9BRa ¦ure in the chest has disappeared, the numb-
BSSwWK. ivhSSESHBB&tBEa ,ncsa, ncsa ln tne Ie S9S 9 nas left me, and lam feeling
feJBSSMat ;» J&fiMBHBHBH ] In better condition ln every way. I am sura
EffiHß < ~ "" l | t |'l^BßSra|cßcH|l tnat there are thousands of people right hers
H^SbRK.V i." JJBUbHSHbSbm • ln San Franclsco wno are ruining their heaUa
CTljK^t*" - , - '^SaßwffHWWltßg b y taking strong and poisonous medicines
Fff FHtf tflft^' l^'"*^xffl^rH^SHn^BwßPm w hich do them no good, who would be quickly
HaBaHBEttk ' v*^jBBB&BBHnBSEBBKA * nd cheaply cured by the Electro-Chemic
WpSffm^n ' - ' jflroFn'^O^Jr^jiflfft'^ll treatment - Ir there are any persons Interested
Sgla^a^S^i J^ara^SKMS^SwgSSa ln ™y c^re who would like to know mora
about it. they are perfectly welcome to call on
me, or if that is impossible to writ* m« re-
US. JACOB BRTA3T, gardin? it
Twelve years Postmaster at Colma, CaL (Signed)' j. BRT.VN. Colma, CaL
The Electpo-Chemlc Specialties,
Both men and women have given us testimonials for the cure of C4NCERS and TC-
MORs?. We have had a great many testimonials from persons cured of the worst forma of
CATARRH which had affected the HEAD. THROAT and LUNGS. We have published the
testimonials of patients cured of CONSUMPTION. ASHTHMA and BRONCHITIS Patl-nt*
have Riven us testimonials for the cure of DEAFNESS of years' standing of HEAI> "«ni
EAi: NOISES which are never cured by any other treatment- except the Electro-Ct-^iuU-
Women have jrtve^i us testimonials in wliich they state that the Klectro-Chemlc trcatn^nt
SAVEr THEM FROM THE OPERATING TABLK. We have published testTmonia^ "^m
patients who had been cured of serious KIDNEY DISEASES, quite a number of
vhom had been pronounced incurable by their. .o*n family physicians. We hav-
cured hundreds of men of diseases peculiar to men,, but we have not asked nor exoectod
testimonials ln th?se cases. These very same cured men. however, have taken rreat i^eaj
ure in recornmendlnfffthe Electro-Chemic treatment to . their friends. Our practice In thii
Important branch Is growing rapidly. Men Who have been doctoring for years without t>-»
len»-t benefit are beginnlns to know that they can be quickly and cheaply cured by Eli", ¦?£.
Chemistry and they are rapidly taking advantage of the fact. "™*
PILES. FISTULA and all STOMACH. LIVKK and BOWEL, diseases have been Pali-
le?sly and quickly cured and we have many testimonials from grateful patients who have
been cured. In blood and skin diseases — speciflc blood contagion, pimples, bolls and blotches
eczema, etc., etc.. Electro-Chemistry goes to the foundation of the disease and ciire» thor^
oughly. .> ?-.
Home Treatment.
Our home trer.tment department is (rrowinsr rapidly. We have spared notb
Itist to make cur home treatment successful. Patients are loaned an esoemlvs
Electro-Chemic apparatus for home treatment free of chanre.
We advise all patients desiring- the home course to come to our ofSca for a
thorough personal examination when it exn possibly be arranged.
Those who cannot coino are advised to write a full description of thair
smnptcms. and full instructions will be promptly forwarded for home examina-
tion and treatment. •
H|i iliiil THE ELECTRO-CHEMIC
All sufferers who are tired of being sick, !1 1 OTITI 1??* '
those who have worn out their stomachs swal- I Rj \ I I L
lowing drugs, thotse who have found from bit- I I I U I
ter experience that the ol.lcr methods of treat- r »?-.„-. » ** .S
ment do not help them — all are Invited to come iin ft___i- a. ¦ - *%- r ~ M . -?
to us for free examination. We will explain 1 1 Q hldlM AVO. * RflF PfICT \T
how Electro-Chemlstry acts. We will demon- lIW wlu »» "'»' UUI. rUdl Cli
etrate how p.nd.why it cures. Come at once. . \ SAN FRAVCI'CO
no matter what your slckneM Is and no mat- m v _ "
ter how long you have. been sick, nor how Office hours. 9a.m.t05 p. m. and Tto S
many treatments you may have used without] P- "i- dally. Sunday*. 10 a. m. to 1 p. m.
belr- cored. Separate apartments for ladies and gentlemen.
ADVEKTISEMEITTS.
fTf) Perfect Fitting (/(Y
iy Eyeglasses &{
J At Moderate Cost (\
Eswy Woman
I¥^Wml • MARVEL Whirling Spray
VV*fiSsA& «£vsaL lion and tf^rton. Be«t-3a«.
V^viC^fcsSg^h,. -- tit— Most ConTcntcnt.
* — ;i Si4^^y^a^»A >r>. <*-p~ IX Uiuki Uatamtlr.
Uk jßor trinnt ftr !t. "" \J%, j@Sy,i r iM".;Ci>X^*'
If h* cannot bupjilt A* \^tr ft'i/ypfS .
MAIIVEL, aci-*ptno • \j. '^-fl^af^
other, bnt gend stamp Tor 11- Vv / v *^?l/
tustrated book-MuWJt floret JtS / '<^
fnUpurttMilartßiKldirecilonsJn- <*»¦"/,. /»
Taiuable to Udif*. MABVKL.CO.. **%£#£.'!«&'
Tlir.*» Bulldlnc. New York. - w*k^_^- .
Prescriptions 34,406 and 7.
GIT AS ANTE ED CUBE FOB ME2T.
HARMLESS lit JECTION. Cures ordinary
cases in a: few days. Warranted to'cure
worst cases. I HO OTBXB TEEATUEiJT
BEQUIRED. Prevents and Cures Stric-
tures. PREX'EHTS CONTAGION. Harm-
less.. 52.00 for both bottles. For sale only
T. S. KEEEY'S PHA3SMACT. 102 Eddy.
iD "D TT OiI 1? C FOR BAiißEaig. ba-
brewers, bookbinder*, candy makers. cani«r».
dyers, flour mills." foundries.- laundries, paper-
hangers, , printers. palnter». shoe factories,
•tiblemen. t«r-ronrer«. tanners, tailors. «tc.
BUC3 AWAN 3203..
Brush Kantifacturert. 609 Sacramento at.
JASTHMANOLAI
' Is tke onl7 cure for Servons and i
. Bronchial ASTHMA. -- i
Your DruggUt or at i>'Jt> HaIUIIT ST..
- ¦ San Francisco, CaL
jugSStßS&tii MEN ANDWOMEIt.
«V^iJ>^DirHEs^a| Cie Bit O for unnaturmi
/ftßari. *to s dajO&l di«ch»rf tt,Jnfl»»im»tiont,
feSK? Ourutul a irtiUtioai or alcoratlosi'
B«sjf n*t to •triatßt*. M of nieoil membr»oe«.
gw~^ t PrtTtai* CMUftoa. - f»in'i«ii, and not aitria.
BfJaITHEEWNSCHIMimCO. »»ut or poiionoas.
xptjsw U. •. A. r !Sir^ o? wnt la plain wnpptt.
¦SgSia^*' (nfffTfl *>r •xprew. prtpaid. lot
\W^tfM^M tI.OO. or 3 bottles t3.7f.
H circular fiat «a naaett
s£\C r>sv Steamer* leave Broadway
/CfV^<Sv wharves. Piers 9 and U.
/fcvT' \»f\ Ban Francisco.
/ ft /\^y?^l X**\ For Ket <-hikan. Wransrl.
I I \vt2 I 1 Juneau - Halnes. Ekagway.
I I \Wbm / / * tc -» Alaska — 11 a. m.. il^r.
\*^v \\ yCfi '• *' "• lls - 21 « 2* 31. Apr.
VyN*J__^X<J/ 6-' Chang* to company* a
>A*J«3W/ steamers at Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port 'luwnaend. Seattle. Tacoma, Everett, I5*L
lingham— ll a. m.. Mar. 1. «J. 11. 19. 21. 26. 31.
Apr. 5. Change at Seattle to thlt company"*
•teamera for Alaska and O. N. Ky. : at Seattle
or Taconut to N. P. Ry. ;" at .Vancouver to C
p. Ry. -¦ • ¦ • - . -
For Eureka. (Humboldt Bar) — Pomona. 1:30
p. ra.. Mar. 8. 11. 17. 23. 20. Apr. 4. Spokaa*
1:20 p. m.. Mar. 2. 8. 14. 20. 28. Apr. 1.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondc).- San Diego and Santa Barbara— Saa-
ta Rosa, Sundays. 9 a. m.
I Stats of California. Thursdays. 9 a. ra.
For Los Aneelea (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Crux. Mon-
terey, Ban Simeon. Cayucoa, Port Harford (i»a
Luis Oblspo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Coo» Bay. » a. ra.; Mar. 8. 18. 24. Apr. 1.
Bonlta. 9 a. m.. Mar. 13. 20 28. Apr. 3.
! For Ens-nada. Mardalena Bar. San Jos* del
Cabo. Mautlan. Altata. La Pa:. SanU Ro-
lalla. Guaymas (MexO. 10 . a. m.. 7ta eac!»
month. For further Information obtain folder
Right Is reserved to change steamers or aaiUai
date*. ¦-' ¦
TICKET OFFICES — 4 Xew Mont?om-
ery at. (Palace Hotel). 10 Market st. and Broad-
way wharves. Freight ornce. 1O Market »t-
°- R ,? I ?? A ? N ' °««»> Passenger Ajen-I
10 Market st-. San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sutler it win
ealt for and check bajreare from • hotela and
residences. Telephone Exchange 312.
O. R."&- N. CO.
OREGON sails March 28. April 7 1?*-
Sle.v 7, 17 and 27. CEO. W, ELDEI* "sail^
March 2H. April 2. 12. 22. May 2. 12 and 2i
Only steamship line to PORTLAND. OR. and
j»hcrt rail line from Portland to all poln's
East. Throurh tickets to all points. Steamer
tickets Include berth and meals. Steamer sai»s
foot of SDear «t. at 11 a. m. S K. BOOT.}
Gen. Agt. Pass. Dept.. 1 Montgnmerr at.- c*
CLJFFORL*. Gen. Azent Freicht Deot* 3
Montjomery at,' . ' *
_ ol««UM»mhir.
5.".5. ; SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa Auck
lanrt and Sydney. Thur.. March 24. 2 n. m
S. S. -\L.\MKDA. for Honolulu. Apr 2. 1 1 » m
S. S. MARIPOSA. for TahltU Apr. Z? li i" Si
Wt.ffia.2fi eeUlUlkrh. Otefttt
CD3CPABHIS GZSZaAUB TKIS3ATI,aHTianX.
bIIiECT LINE TO HAVRE-PA pas.
Sailins; every Thursday instead of iJSrtrlTai
Saturday, at 10 a. in., trora Pier 42. *3*»/i5"
North Klver. toot of Morton it.
r First claaa to Havre. S7O and upward. 3*o-
ond claas to Havre. $45 and upward. OEX-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AN'J
CANADA. -32 Broadway (Hudson building).
New Yqrk, J. F. FUGAZI A CO.. Paciao Coaat
Ar»nu. B Montsomery avenue. San Francisco.
Ticket* iio'.d by all Railroad Ticket Aranti.
aiara laland and Vallalo gteajaerm.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MO.N'TICELLO— >
8:45 a. m., 3:15 and 6:30 p. m. except Sunday
Sunday. 0:45 a. m.. S:3O p. m. Lvave Valle'a
7a. m.. 12:30 and «p. m tx. Sunday, flui.-
a* y . 7•• «f *•¦& P. m. Fare. BO ccnta, T«L
M »l» !««. «« =. Mlaaloa-at dock, UATCU
RH £$& Pf f&M $& And many other painful and serious
3 pH^ U 9 from which most mothers
d Ea «s suffer, can be avoided by the use of
W% nW A dft °9" "" H ° niir ' s Frferf> " This great remedy
ess^ ¦¦¦¦ ¦w' ¦ ordeal with safety and- no pain.
No woman who uses ''Motlier'S Friend" need . fear.the suffering
and danger incident to birth; for it robs the ordeal of its horror
and insures safety.tolifeof mother and child, aridleaves her in
a condition more favorable to'sj^dy recovery. 'The child^is
also, healthy, strong and n» «¦ HHi BH OB bb^ a'/gs*'
woman, and will be sent free in plain |P|^s| SW* SkH W&
envelope by addressing application to |jn Bk g Jm B&S&in ||
Bradficld Regulator Co. Atlanta, Ga. W B&aWaws&W&
AS VUtTISEHENTa.
' ,: ADVERTISEMENTS. ¦ ¦ [: ~'^*Zs;i'- "¦'¦:¦' ''?' '.'. '
The new store possesses buying power unsurpassed by any 'retail > institution in San ;;Francisco;->Vlmmense.'
resources and thorough organization enable us to take advantage of every turn in the tide of trade. We give
° — i ° y° u benefit. Each article listed on this ° - ¦ s - jg ~"
SlfJ^^l page will vouch, for our claim. Thousands VSillplf "'•¦-' W^iM^iM
t^pnfSj of others equally low in price. Call and • J^^ s S^^^i
Ch«.utanaua Dcsk — vi-^" li-» — «l*» - Box-Seat 3Diner— Morri* Chair — Solid oak,
Z&'^iuTtZ'.r, ?.S?S, k ' e SS? O r Three-Piece Parlor Suit-Colonial frame. ¦ mahoganized, up-
$8.25 I SS 95c ¦^ gg y dd p i Aci! s ": cd .. da " ask \. b "'... t ": $37.50 ¦ $3.25 ISL ... $5-75-
S CARPETS [$1 .^ag^a. $1 " DRAPERIES' /T^
An exhibition Of Car- «OWn "^^p? a week Our Drapery Department i, •W/,/Mf
Weaver S art. AlOStO' the ft»^ ,1k 3 - ards long, full widths, choice
Sideboard — Solid designs are eXCIUSiV3 tO '^ > of four colors. Per pair/ $1.75. Breßeer — Mahoga-
this Store. We ShOW an sole L-^ibutor. of the Bewl. ' " Oriental Couch Covers- " ni«<C birch! highly
with l*vol plat* mir- .inhrnL'on lin<a frr»m tho le economy is an object to you, own a Some very, choice designs. 3 polished, two top draw- ¦•
ror. highly polished. UnDrOkenUne trOm tne has eif . - dejnonstrated that lt d , . h - * . f . ers. »erpex l tlned ovul
$21 so iiiliili the sSlfe^^Sl PiiRIP-^ BSii
JJ^A.JV IIUXIiriOUS WlltOn.. lanteed. :i.M down ud H.flO a week. ', I $2.50. . ... . :.. • •? finished »?."/• J V
HOTEL ST, .FRip OPENS TO-MORROW
:..-:¦¦ .-..¦¦: . ¦ : . ¦:•:¦ :.¦:¦:.:::¦ -: : ¦. ¦. ¦ .;¦;¦¦¦¦ .; . ... . : ¦.... . ¦¦¦¦; - .. , : ..•.¦.'¦¦¦-'¦.¦J>-- ¦."¦-.":.¦:-.:¦> -:- 111 1 :¦ ¦¦¦ ¦-•-.-¦'¦ "...¦ _ ¦¦ :¦ .¦".••-:¦ V : :; ; ¦'¦"- .;.. ¦. ;-:..-¦ ;; y..-;; ••. ¦:¦¦ ;
At seven o'clock to-morrow evening, In
the glare and .glitter of : thirteen thou-
sand . electric lights'. ; the new Hotel • SStt t
Francis will open to the public. ¦ Its con-
struction has occupied the larger- par t, of
the . past two' years 'and -the completed
edifice stands a monument to the, enter-
prise of r San '¦', Francisco ¦ capitalists. It
will become a strong, factor in'the com-
mercial; life' of 'I this ; city and territory,
offering ' facilities "and ; attractions ,~ to
Eastern" tourists heretofore : denied; them.
In the . United g States there jis | no : . hotel
more modern, -'. more handsomely fur-
nished or more 'beautiful'ln; interior, arid
exterior than the, St- Francis,^compris-
ing, as it does, the' incorporation of every
t modern Idea of , arrangement : and ."man-
agement Its manager," Mn> Allan'; Pol-
lak, has spent one year abroad and in trie
East gathering Information and sugges-
tions 'from the leading hotels 'of ¦'the
world. That his time was well spent an
inspection of the St. • Francis ; will reveal;
as< it -combines underwits I ' roof, more of
the^- luxuries - and , conveniences of 'life
than any hotel ; In "America; v: Its position
is. Ideal,- fronting ; one ¦ of ; the, city's. love-
liest 'parks.- its upper 'stories 'Command-
ing : a '.beautiful 1 panoramic "view iof ¦,' the
bay and environments. 1 • It contains »4so
guest rooms, ; and ¦ its public rooms, . " comp-
risingi lounging,' dining and ladies'^ re-,
ception,^ rooms.*; grill. 1 ' library, restaurant,
cafe 'and^ladies', parlors, are each" tri-
umphs of architectural skill and artistic
ornamentation.' The J lounging •. room:, is
massive and impressive.^ ' Twelve., green
marble ~ monolith ¦-"; columns^ carrying . a
golden' ceiling .thirty.' feet, high, %, elabo-
rately recalls the -Roman ar-
chitecture, v The* panels of theiwallssare
red," repeating the color -of; rugs -and .the
furniture -upholstery. ;At, the aright* of
the entrance; is the office and at the left
tho- marble ,v- fireplace, -'surmounted ? -by.
Keith's ; famous, pain ting T ,ofi Mount Tam-
alpais. -The ; restaurant,^ 160x50. flanked
withirows of_ fluted- Tuscans columns,"^ is
the most-beaftiful'roonvof the hotel. Its
treatment. Is iof; gray /and; gold,', and tthe
myriads <of cut ' glass "crystals I in I electrp-
llers , and * side " multiplied - by
many ; mirrors • reflecting «--;958 1- , electric
lights, render, if brilliant In the" extreme.
The cafe is veritably a palm garden. Its
walls are paneled in. English : oak and
the ceiling - gilded ornamental beams.
It 'is carried by eight fluted lonic "col-
umns, with' /gilded - cans. - Soft .green
rugs, on the marble .floor, complete the
garden effect. "The windows are draped
with green silk velour. - - •
The library, oner, of the newest fea-
tures of-hotel furnishing, contains 4000
volumes in dark mahogany oases. The
walls are of leather panels, the ceiling
is cichly ornamented with colored panels
in turquoise and gold. Deep green rugs
carpet 1 the floor. ?The ladies', parlor .Is
furnished' in : cream ; . colored ' woodwork
and. with -gilded tapestry,, the rugs being
of soft green. ••¦••, , . • r
' The grill has an air of the hunting
lodge, being liberally ornamented with
.trophies of .the chase: The ; electroliers
,are of deer horns, . and specimens of
moose and deer heads are hung from the
Walls.'. -The wainscoting Is a- light' En-
glish: oak. and.^the walls ./and ceiling in
brown cinnamon. The. bar is in this
room;; * '? " '' " - ¦<
•' The; Incites* : reception-room- Is paneled
indark English oak.) from which the ele-
vators mny.,be reached without entf&rlng
any 'of- the entertaining rooms ¦ of the
hotel. -; * : ; v _• , v . , ¦-:.-¦¦•-¦
A new feature of hotel life will be the
information -.and promotion department.
Its - purpose * will : be : to supply V guests
with > Information of -overy character per-
taining to, travel.; ;¦ The department : will
be..- in touch with .every hotel / in ' this
country "and many' in -Europe." .Further
than this, it ."will.' be i the constant effort
:to;furnish knowledge of .California, and
to ; that: end : every ' commercial -organiz;i-
tion' of ,:the>State ' has .'¦ been "earnestly
asked to y co-operate in^the endeavor to
promote the State's advancement through
this -medium: .v. / ,- ? .- '
* It is almost superfluous to add that the
cuisine, of 'the -St.. Francis 'will be a dis-
tinguishing ;i feature. . j.The»chef. Victor
Hirtzler;;the pastry 'chef/, Gaston Renon,'
and. the maitre'd'^otei;- Prosper P. Reiter.
lately* of, Strassburg. ; Germany, the " Ritz
Hotelsiin I*ondon and Paris and the Hol-
land ; House, I : New.Tork,. respectively, are
men 'of .-'. the highest, professional-, reputa-
tions,- selected for.the definite purpose of
placing.- this ; department;^far ;in advance
of;-. anything ;-' ever attempted ' on .this
coast.? :'-¦ ;•-?' ""¦" . ¦¦> '• •¦'Tho Pacific ¦'• Coast Steamship Company's
Queen, whtch^ recently so narrowly^ escaped
destruction at' sea'by flrt.-Ieaves Seattle tc-'
day for this port. She: will come down. under
her own rttam. . The Union' Iron Vv'ortcs secured
the contract for repairing the damage done by
the- flames. .-*' It -•will cost- $57,330 put -the
1 cteamer iuto procer ' condition. ,ji; .. , ', j ; ..n
Will Be Repaired' Here.
The outdoor celebration planned by
the Athletic Association of St Mary's
College for St. Patrick's day had to be
abandoned on account of the ; inclem
ent weathor,' and in its place an in-'
door programme was arranged- by the
scientific department. A stereoptlcort
entertainment was given by
Kee and Bernard, assisted by' Mr/ Fer
guson and William Fitzgerald.' Follow
ing was tho. programme:. Overture,
orchestra; recitation, "Gualberto's Vlc
tory,"CCQnnbrs; recitation,' "Bes-
del Carpio," T. J. Trodden; Btere
opticon'lecture,,Brother Bernard; Irish
melodies, orchestra; . recitation,^'Rl-]
enzl," , A. F. Burke; '.recitation/
!'SpartIcus," W. • B. : - Hinkle; •miscel
laneous views; finale, orchestra.
St. Mary's Kntertalnment.
Baron Louis von «.orst u»u aw.,
his* appreciation of the conduct of De
tectives Dinan and Wren in running
to' earth James Walters, the bellboy
who stole his wife's jewelry from her
rooras at the Colonial. Hotel on Pine
and Jones "streets, by presenting each
with a solid gold matchbox. " On one
side is the Baron's coat of arms, the
crown: beins studded v.ith small dia
monds.-and on tha other side 'are the
initials of r'the- recipient. : The presen
tation will be made at the next meet
ing, of the" Police Commissioners.
Bnron Shows His Appreciation, -r
Benefit Lectures for Wumcn'i Homes.
A lecture will, be .-delivered at the
Y. M. C "A. auditorium on next Tues
day evening, March* 22. by James W.
Erwin of the Camera Club nnth» sub
ject, "In the Lands of the Jap, the
Chino and the Filipino." The lecture
will be beautifully illustrated. An
other lecture oil 'The Black Napo
leon" will be delivered at Simpson
Memorial. M. E. Church, corner Hayes
and Buchanan streets, on Thursday
evening. March 31, by Rev. George W.
White. Both lectures are for the ben
efit of . th« Oriental and Japanese
Women's Homes of this city and will
be given ur.der the' auspices of the
Woman's Home Missionary Society of
the M. E. Church. ..
CHICAGO, March 19.— Thomas
Lawrence Forrest, pioneer banker
and the last of four brothers who
were identified with the' commercial
and literary life of Chicago, is dead,
aged 85 years'. He was born in Cork,
Ireland, and came to, Chicago in 1842.
Dcalh of a Pioneer Banker.
NEW YOItKV March 19.— Baron
Wilhclrn von Harnfnerstein Is dead at
the age of CO years, says a Berlin dis
patch to the Staats Zeitung. While
editor of tho Kreuz Zeitung, the fore
most Conservative- paper of Prussia,
find member of the Reichstag he dom
inated the Conservative party as dic
tator until he was' in "1895 publicly
accused of a number of crimes. He
fled to Italy, but was brought back
and tried. The court sentenced him to
three years' penal servitude, which
he served. \
Death Ends iv Checkered Career.
A grand minstrel jubilee for the
benefit of, the Emanii-El Sisterhood
will be held at the Columbia Theater
March 27. In addition to the musical
part of the programme talented ama
teurs will present a charming ' play
entitled "The Dandelion's Escape."
In the minstrel first part M. A.
Gunst will act as interlocutor. The
end men and vocalists will be E.
Gunst, E. Voorsanger, E. Sinshelmer,
F. Kahn, C. Cooper, V. Pollak, W,
Sampson, E. Kaufman, G. Schleninger,
A. Schwabacher, L. Gunst and H. Hilp.
Those who will take part !n the
presentation of the play are J. Schwa
backer, H. Mack, E. J. Sultan, S. Lev
enson, W. Sultan, W. LevjVS. M. Lev
enson, W. Levee, H. L. Mack and W.
Colman. The play will be given under
the direction of I. Glass.
Clever Amateurs Will Give Fine En-
tcrtairnncnt. Consisting of Min
strel Show and Play.
E.MANU-EL SISTE11HOOD
WILL DK DEXEFICIARY
Mrs. Rose O'Kellly <lied on Thursday
night at. her home, 727 Adeline street.
at the nge of 60 years. The deceased
war. the wife of Michael O'Reilly, and
leav<?3 one child, Minnie O'Reilly. .
' OAKLAND, March, 19.— Thoaias G.
Klngsland, ~aged 77 , years, died on
Wednesday, at his home. .1005 Market
street, leaving a !.wife, Mrs.', Margaret
A. Kingsrland, andithfee children—Wil
liam J. Kingsland ' of" New York and
Pearl and Olive Kingsland, both ••'of
v.hom reside in Oakland. .The deceased
was -a native "of New Jersey, and had
resided in this city for twenty-eight
years. ;.-•¦. • -. .. . '• ' ¦ ' ' ' ; •*
Alamecl:i County Deaths.
i»entiti Amends Complaint.
E. Gentili, proprietor of the Lom
bard restraurant at 423 Pine street,
who sued for tin injunction restraining
the Cooks'- and Waiters* Union from
maintaining a boycott on his place,
yesterday filed an amended c'omplaint
In tha proceedings. He claims that by
the methods pursued by the waiters
and cooks his business has bsen ruin
ed and his employes forced to leave
him.
Sues His Partner.
J. M. Treat, who with A. Donizelli,
conducts the Xew Franklin Hotel at
319 Pacific street, yestorday filed a
suit for a dissolution of the partner
ship. He claims that Donizelli has
taken advantage of his ignorance of
the language and ways of this coun
trv and cheated him.-
Must Go to San Quentin.
The Supreme Court decided yester-
day that Charles Coulter must serve
three years In San Quentin for bur
glarizing a Kearny-street clothing
store in February, 1902. Coulter
smashed a show window, grabbed
some clothes and escaped. He was fin
ally apprehended In attempting to dis
pose of the stolen property.
An electrical bootblack, which Is more
rapid and effective than the street arab,
is In use in Chicago. ••'.; »-•; ,
Professor K. EL Urown Reads Report
on Modified Plan for Schools
, 0 of State.
Professor E. E. Brown. University
of California, read a report yesterday
before the Council of Education of the
State Teachers* Association relative to
la uniform course of study in all the
I publit> schools of the State. While ad-
Ivocating uniformity Professor Brown
jj-teld that only four-iifths of \\\± time
M:6r study should be definitely pre
• scribed, the remaining one-fifth being
; left r to/" the principals and teachera of
! the particular school interested. A
I general- discussion of the subject fol
: lowed and the report was .adopted.
j The high school principals met yes
ftcrdayto discuss the requirements for
I the university. Dr. Scott was chair
man of the meeting:. ._
EDUCATORS DISCUSS A
UNIFORM STUDY COURSE
Oppo«ics 1 la ll'-Brot tier's Petition.
Henry Rudolph, brother of the late
Uora Stockmyer, who died intestate a
few days ago, leaving* an estate worth j
$75O0iV yesterday filed an opposition to |
rhe petition of Frederick Sterling for !
letters of .administration upon the es- j
tate of the deceased. He claims that!
as he is a brother of the deee'dgnt he
is better suited for administration
than Sterling, who . is only, a half-,
brother. . :
.The title to realty at Point Rich
mond is the subject of a suit brought
some time ago by J. C. Littlepage
against Mary Wood and her husband.
Stephen R. Wood. In an answer and
cross-complaint filed yesterday by .tho
defendants they claim that the plain
tiff has no right, title or interest \rt
the realty and say that the suit is the
result of an attempt to defraud the
defendants.
Charge Fraud In Realty Suit.
In -the is?ue. o^.ThQj CiUJ-of.
1 2, ' 1904, through Inadvertence -it was
published that Patrick^ "Griffin was'ar
rested on a burglary charge, when
facts . in the that^ilr,
Griffin, who is* a respected
the community, courageously cap
tured an ex-convict ' named. Jojhn
O'Brien as the .latter was coming out
of 138 Bright avenue and turned him
over to Patrolman Crowley..
Mistake in n' Xante.
General Oliver Duff Greene, U. S. A.,
retired, was found dead in his apart
ments at the Cosmos Club, 1534 Sutter
street, yesterday morning. The last
time he was seen alive was at 6 o'clock,
when one of the attendants of the club
took his morning 'paper to his room
and gave it to him. At a little after 9
o'clock he was found dead, with the
paper folded under his arm.
General Greene had long been suffer
ing u:ith acute asthma, but this was not
deemed fatal. Yesterday morning, how
ever, he was suddenly stricken 'with
heart failure and passed away.
The deceased was over 70 years of
age and leaves a brilliant rec
ord as an officer.- He' entered
West Point Military Academy In 1849
and graduated in 1851. Cn his gradua
tion he was breveted second lieutenant
In the Third Artillery, and a few
months later was given his commission
in the Second A' few years
later he was advanced to the first lieu
tenancy .of his battery, and in 1861 was
made captain.
During the war of the Rebellion
Greene was complimented on several oc
casions by, the Secretary .of War for
his gallant conduct as a soldier, and
for his bravery wa3 promoted to be
brigadier general of volunteers. It is
said by those who were with him on
the field that he was the last. North
erner to eFcape from the South en route
to thrt Northern army without being
shot or imnrlsoned. At the close of the
war he was awarded a Congressional
medal for distinguished gallantry at
the battle of 'Antletam and appointed
by President Lincoln and General Mc-
Dowell to command a post in Illinois.
The deceased was born in Scott, Cort
land County, New York, on January 25,
1833. He wa^3 married at Fort Leaven
worth, Kansas, at the age pf, 20 years!
He leaves three sons, Oliver arid Henry
Edmund of thi3 city and 'Nathaniel of
Seattle. • '' -/•/ ' '* )' '"' '¦:'" : " " ££"->
General Oliver Duff Greene
Succumbs to Sudden
Heart Failure.
DISTINGUISHED VETERAN OF THE
CIVIL, WAR WHO DIED YESTER
DAY OF HEART DISEASE.
he. Is not possessed of any such sum as
$15,000, as Mrs. Butler says he is, but
says that he has-alwaya been a good
provider.
Judge Murasky granted divorces to
Robert Hopkins from Jennie Hopkins
for desertion and Laura G. Smith from
Robert H. Smith for neglect. He, also,
on complaint of Belle Berry Lewis,
annulled her marriage to Steven
Lewis.
To be kicked and beaten, cursed and
abused and . called a "Dago" almost
daily is not conducive to marital hap
i pineps, says Beatrice Siles (nee Simi)
j of E26 Cole street. Her opinion in this
! matter is learned through a complaint j
¦ for divorce she filed yesterday against
j George R. Stiles of the insurance firm
I of Pickering & Stiles. { She says her
j husband's treatment of her since her
j marriage to him in 1900 has been such
j that she is most miserable, mentally
| and physically, ": and therefore she
I wants the tics uniting .her to him sev
j ered by a decree of court. She says
that .the insurance business nets him
an income of JiOO a month, and she
I aEks the court to award her out of this
sum sumcient alimony to maintain her
j In the position In life she, as a refined
j and sensitive woman, has always oc
j cupled. She also asks the court to de
! clare her to be a half-owner of the
$2000 worth of household effects she
claims is in the family home..
! STORY OF ABUSE. /
I Mrs. Stiles* complaint contains a
number of specific charges of cruelty
alleged to have been committed by her
husband. She says -that one day not
i long- ago at their home, In the pres
| ence of his mother and a Mrs. Gilbert,
he drenched her with water and abus
i ed her In a shameful manner; and that
j on another occasion, in the presence of
i Mrs. Emma Krone, he also abused her.
She also charges that only last month
I he called her a "contemptible beast,"
; and paid to her: "If you were 'lying
i there dead I would not get within
j forty yards of you — I hate you so." -
i Judging by a. complaint for divorce
j filed by Mary Ix>uise Coy against Fran -
[ cis H. Coy, their married- life has not
¦ been: a happy one. Mrs.. Coy says the
i reason she wants a divorce is, because
'; Coy persists in calling her names not
I heard in polite society, and ha3 a habit
j of grabbing her by the arms .and
pV"enching and twisting them in a
! manner that is decidedly painful. She
! says, further, that Coy has no hesl
• tancy in displaying his hatred for her
, by hitting her with his clenched fist,
j The Coys, who were married at Ala
; meda in 1S96. have been living at 736
| Fourteenth street. The complainant's
¦ maiden name was Rod, and she wants
to resume it.
unhappy: couples.
1 William Benson, who was married
to Elizabeth Benson at Stourbridge,
England, thirty-three years ago. wants
a divorce on the ground of desertion.
He says his wife abandoned him more
than a year ago.
Anita Spanza Miner is seeking a dl
'• vorce from Ellmore F. Miner on the
ground of neglect, charging that for
The last year he has compelled her to
depend upon the charity of friend3
and relatives for support. They were
married in 1893.
W. A. Butler, the contractor, who is
the defendant in a suit for main
i tenance brought by his wife, Mar
""garet Butler, has answered her suit
j with a general denial of her charges.
! He den!es that he ever deserted her
¦ and says that It is not his fault that he
is not now living with his wife. He
says he has frequently offered to re
turn to her, but that she will not al-
Jow him to. Butler says further that
Alleges in Her Complaint
That He Calls Her Harsh
Names and Strikes Her
SUES FOR A DIVORCE
Wife of Insurance Man Says
She Is Unhappy Because
Her Husband Abuses Her
Whether Marie Knaucr, nurse and
massage artist, aged 47 years, who mar
ried Ferdinand Knauer, aged 73 years,
and upon AVhose death inherited un^er.
his will his. $60, 000 estate, was ever, le
gally his wife is a question that will
not be determined in the courts. Neither
will .the sensational Ufe history of the
woman be repeated for the edification
of the curious, who always flock to the.
City Hail during the hearing uf any
case that promises sensational develop
ments. The contest of Knauer's will
instituted by" the aged German's" rela
tives on the ground that Knauer was,
the victim of a wijy woman with an
international reputation as an adven
turess, has been settled out of court.
A stipulation, was filed yesterday con
taining the announcement . that the
offer of Knauer's relatives to the widc^v
of one-half the estate had been accept
ed by her, she accepting with the un- i
dex standing that their contest of her"
husband's will would be withdrawn. i
¦ There are eleven of Knauer's relatives
concerned in the case. They are Julius
Knauer, a brother; Emily Wifms and
Marie Dorbritz, sisters; Karl Brush,
Max Lutzeler and Nicholas Cetto,
nVphews, and Elsie Lutzeler, Anna
Hornpesch,. Marie Karl, Caroline Schadt
and Catherine Schiweicher, nieces. They
divide other half of the estate
among them, the brother and two sis
ters each receiving one-twelfth and the
nephews' and nieces' shares ranging
from one-forty-eighth to one-twelfth
of the remainder. j
The exact value of the estate is. $60,-!
551. ; Of this amount Mrs. Knauer has
In her possession $39,853, less $10,862 paid
out by her since the death of Knauer, ¦
leaving a balance of $29,011 in her
hands. Of the promissory notes . that
made a portion of the estate there arcs ;
still three which she has not collected.;
One. is for $15,500,- made by- the Gund
lach-Bundschu WlnQ Company. ;.\The
other; two, which are known as tha
McFarland notes, are for sums approx
imating $6000.; ¦" ;
Compromise Is the E^sult
; of .-.Ofi'iir : Made by Kela
tives \ of the Capitalist
_ — ?_ —
CONTEST IS DISMISSED
Heii-s of the Aged German
and His Putative Widow
Settle'Case Out of Court
KNAUER ESTAE
TO BE DIVIDED
DEATH CLOSES
LIFE OF BRAVE
ARMY VETERAN
CHARGES STILES
WITH CRUELTY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH .20, 1004.
31
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Takinff Rnlrt?
Then you need instant attention. You
feel chilly and have frequent sneezing
spells. You'll be surprised: at the
amount of good a few doses of Hos-
tetter's Stomach Bitters will do you.
Try to-day. Besides counteracting
Chills, Colds and La Grippe it is also
unequalcd for Dyspepsia, Indigestion,
Constipation, Insomnia, Poor Appe-
tite, Dizziness and Malaria. Thou-
sands, are using it with great satisfac-
tion. Why not. try a bottle?
HOSfETTERS
STOMACH ; BITTERS
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
If It does net pay to hold yotir
unimproved property—
EXCHANGE IT.
Good propositions offered
dally In TIIE CAI*L classified
columns.
' The 'daily use of these lozenges will
soon tell in a. much improved . condi-
tion of the, general health,: better com-
plexion, sweeter breath und purer
blood, and the beauty of it is that no
possible | harm . can result • from their
continued -use, but on the contrary,
great' benefit. '''¦•' .-¦¦¦ r -. •.
' ••¦'•; A* Buffalo^ physician- in speaking of
the. benefits of charcoal says: "I ad-
\ise Stuart's Absorbent: Lozenges ' to
all patients- Buffering from gaa'in
stomach and bowels and to clear the
complexion- and ipurrfy.' the breath,
mouth -and ..throat: I also . believe the
liver,' 13 greatly, benefited t;r the dally
use of them; 5 they ; cost but 25 cents a
box ; at ? : drug/ stores, t andalthoughi in
some sense ,. a paten t preparation, ' yet
I ; believe 1 ;Ket more and/better char-
coal .In - Stuart's - Absorbent - Lozenges
than In any of *tho ordinary; charcoal
tablets."- :;; ¦''¦¦• ¦-'••-.¦. ; -:,'V/. ¦'.."-; ¦ ¦'
All druggists sell charcoal In one
form or another, but probably tha
best charcoal and the most for |the
money *s in j Stuart's .Absorbent Loz-
enges; they are composed of the finest
powdered willow charcoal and other
harmless "antisentlcs'- in tablet- form or
rather in the form of larae, pleasant
tasting lozenges, the charcoal being
mixed with honey. ; ;
Few- People KnoW How Useful rit Is
1 in Preserving'. Health and lltvmty.
r Nearly everybody knows tli it char-
coal Is the ' safest and ruos:; etnHeru
disinfectant and- purifier in nature, but
fev'v realize Its value uhnn taken into
the human J. system for thi samo
cleansing purpose. . . ..
t Charcoal is a remedy Ihut the more
you take of it the better; it is not a
drug . at all. but simply stbaorbs the
gases and impurities uhvuyj r,resont In
the blomach and intest5u»:a aud carries
tnem out of the syst^nr.
Charcoal sweetens tho breath ntier
tn-.okirg, drinklnjr or aCfcfir •j.itins
onions and other odorous vegetables.
Charcoal effectually clears* and im-
proves the complexion; it whitens the
teeth and further acts as a natural
and eminently j \te cathartic.;.
It absorbs the injurious gases which
collect in the stomach and bowels: it
disinfects the mouth and throat from
the poison of e.at-rrh. :
THE VALUE OF CHARliOAL.
t'.i^' ./ |:'£r^''i ADVZBTISBMENT&.
.iuMtesay and Necessaries. , i$r^$$t$ffl$jfa
No. 7 WASH BOILER. ..... 65c . L — 1__ .J^^^ir_^l^^' 'broad silk stripes
Heavy galvanized bottom. ' Ji ffVn^^^^i^WKV^S!S§T?Ftf across. Richest of colors. 2\A
CLOTHES I IXF " ltfc VMJ^S^iSi^Sl W j yards long, silk fringe:
. Two hanks. 60 feet,' strong and C^TO^^^^Plw? VELOUR PIANO DRAT ES".^.
¦¦¦¦¦- • Aw.^Vft^j Seal biviwn, reds and greens.".
C JRTAIX STRETCHERS :>l,oO g dlvM ifK^^Uvk TABLE COVERS fe :\ . :¦ 3r.OO
Can l,c f adjured to any size, y l|ffSl^£^_l3Bl P 'Eight-quarter size (72 -inches
• s.ron-fy trr.ccd. . . .< ¦ «^i square), the dioins-table [size.
oilcan ..: ;, :..¦ .... •¦.: goe , .;. < yg£gP!- V. :;. r , , . silk cushion T6p$:.,..eoc
.•.-Holds a salJon; copper finssh. fM^^f'^t^r^i^^M Small Oriental figures in \ the
COVERED SLOP PAIL. ..^r»c W^^§fj^?O*l?«5a richest'. of color," comBihations.
unc VRnmnvc 'civi- PORTIERES, per pair J?2.OO
STRAIaEP * 15c '^^v\f--f ? 5^a^i ¦ Tw .° tones of re " or green. Ser-
' tv * . t35agSasSE3s--wjL 1 ',^j1Lj^*\ I viceable. closely woven' por-
GAS OVENS ?1.1S , V' rfi r^ j ' tieres, full length and width.
Russian iron, heavy double ' *i$®s£»1 iWjsSlliH NEW LACE CURTAINS, per
walls, close-fitting door. : HS^sM " P a5r • fl.OO
THIN BLOWN GLASSES.. 33c '^fW^JA^^4S^^V A better quality of.net with
Fancy e'U'hed, a set of six. Mi^^^-^j aL^-"^^^^-! ped ed^ cs ~ Prevents. sag-
polished fc^^J This Bcavlilul Sideboard $36 J^^\ ****~*% *?tv m ™Z*
sawed oak u^ Never mind the original once. &J . tl - ture« --«re ¦
Tlie backs " '.Mfflffif Whatever it was. there isn't a bet- Vt iff c-nt-iu'd^fn
?n^ r«?f«n v - jf^^Ml— - / ;ter sideboard in San Q?f> f)f) \\ f^~*\ I one .taWe—
shfped y JL. ~^ i .Krancisco to-day for VOO.UU N U_L \ \t I, shape^flnlsh.
Full spring st^^"^ . ; -* It s a 'l quarter-sawed, sides, W- L^^ Jll polish.' • ' *
seat, npiiol- (*tiLih i im J j-.- r^ ( - t - t . II front and top. A polish that will \u |i " /,y Quarter-
!S d ne ln W^mP^TW naa^ your piano envious {[^ g J we4 n^o g -
leather. I L-^^^ I J%! Measures 4S inches wide. n -« lft - anlzed birch.
gtq. __ [g^pZ-^r^^: XgWrJ Picture is accurate to the small- ~^JJ »^_ T V\ rf» a
%po./o j' 'Cp^z cst detail. *¦¦ it $*r*OO
tf-^-r"" £ ~ c — f ."^"7^1=1—"' ' :* -.^^^^^^| . As" nigh perfection as/upholsterers' skill can pro-
, .. .-. . ;j ¦ ', . ".-,;'¦¦ . {^~ ••"-., . Seats arc. upholstered in \al"l-3ilk tapestry'that
. ' * ' '. "'¦' ' sells at $6.00 a yard. Of course there is only one
Bureau, Bed and Washstand, $57.00 gg of fining to g o with such covers-the very
A French idea: The 1 head and footboard are pan- The broad panels in the back are of genuine ma-
eled with beautiful tapestry. Impossible to picture hogany.
the pleasing effect it gives. Picture tells how the frames are carved.
• ...The design of the suit is splendid; openwork on I WE'D BE GLAD TO HAV^ YOTT npPM
each side of the tapestry panels in the bed. The AN ACCOUNT WITH US '
Ib^dl^u^wce^^S SWCl1 ° UtWard hV YOU CAN ARRANGE FOR PAYMENTS
oak throughout. TO SUIT YOUR CONVENIENCE
ADVERTISEMENTS.
|b.katsghinski|
ii Philadelphia Shoe Co. I
| 10 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO |
H Adjolalar Call Building-. *|
Itrade winning styles 1
i that please the eye i
| and fit the pocket &
y We sell th« right kind of Shoes, H
1 the sort that Improves our busi- B
4 ness ar.d gives satisfaction to our H
ii customers. This season we show fl
>3 styles that for neatness of appear- H
j ar.ee and ft cannot be surpassed. B
if Why not have a swell looking H<
H Shoe for Easter, something to bo H
3 proud of. and yet sold within the R
fl reach of all? Here is the latest u
(1 style — Ladies* Patent Leather Kid B
H Oxford Ties, with mat kid quar- fl
n t*rs and patent leather back stay, fl
ii plain up-to-date toes, pliable soles H
J and Cuban heels. THE FxtlCE 9
fl O5LY S2.OO. Slzn 2\i to 7%; ¦
*i widths B to E. |2
I LATEST STYLE VAMPS
ii The hit of the season. Some- B
II thing new and novel in vamps. 9
{¦ Ladies* Vici Kid Lace Shoes, with fj
tj fancy square-cut vamps and clr- |
m cular quarters, neat coin toes and H
l tips, hand-welted soles and mill- C
| tary heels. OTJS PEICE OXTX.T B
I S2.i»O. and well worth J3.50. I
| Sizes 2 4 to 8; widths AA to EE. ¦
WHITE KID SANDALS
j A raro chance to buy White Kid | '
! Sandals cheap. TVe are consoli- K I
j dating several lines, and to dis- &
1 pose of our surplus stock tvill sell §
Ladies' White Kid Strap Sandals. E
with narrow coin toes, turned I
P"les and French seels. AT.'^cA q
PAHS. Sizes i to S; widths AAA E
I to 32. I
VEAL BOX CALF LACE I
Strong, solid Lace Shoes for the s
boys, made of the best veal 1k>x B
calf, with coin toes and tips and E:
quilted double soles. Kvery pair fcj ¦
guarant«^d to wear. ra
LitUe Gents' sizes. & to 13 #. 81. 00 H<
Youths' sizes, 1 to 2 $1.1 5 Eg !
Boys* Eizes, 2\i to 5 % 81.30 H
Send for our Xew iTlustratcd H (
Catalogrue. L5
I B. KATSCHINSKI i
\ Philadelphia Shoe Co. |
I 10 THIED ST. San Francisco. I
Q visit DR. JORDAN'S g«eat4
OF
A Cft i5ElltUZKEJ.tit.5:ii7a^«.r.CiLi
\ Cf Jh« UMTCM Ant».->»:e«l Stmtm in the • \
** r^CwiV 5™: «»k«tei«-» or *ny rMitricifrt Q
0 flfe^fi DK. JQRDAH-D'SEASES OF MEH .4
o fl yy*z ti Tt « M n^->« r"«".t«> ?>» b r )M | CT . A a
• n if Tl M /^*""* **•"»•• «»«n r »»»««n4«i«keti. T
'/•« |p liBBMGE, MAtl-ra TKEB. t A 9
/ ti (j- viituMc beck (ei nr%) \
V IStt.a«BI>AXX:CO.. 1051 Market St. 8. F. Q
l^**^» l»li. IlAL.L.'t> RK1NVIGOUATOK
££3 Wn BtopM alt lo<ees and unnatural d:s-
M charge* Jn 24 bours. You tttl an
5S3 G^Qj in-i-i'vemerit frcrn the flrst do-e.
Rjjfn \\~* h«v« bo much confidence Ir. our
UJM LMkJ tr< aVn«it that »« offer Klvt Hun-
<S ; *j fjfcS «Jred rf»ard fur any caio «e can-
tSfiG^H&ES not cure. Thin aecrrt remedy cur-s
lo»: po-ver. nirhtly rmUslona. wastod orjj»jis.
\sricocele, t:"t, stricture*, kidneys, faiitns
memory, drains in the urine, gonorrhoea. dt»-
taxe cf the pru»utte slanda and all other tern-
Lie tfttcts of rrlf-atnjsc or <xcesrfs, which lead
ca to i. !.i'!inpt!oii and death. Positively cure*
'.'.r worn easca in eld or youcc or that rnoni-
f .. sr.;; ct.nti;l >r. quickness of the discharge, and
v jt.tii.f to-do. tLi-l you can't. S(*nt sealed, fl
%ftt liottlv. thiec botttrs. ij. Guaranteed ta
cure any case.
ra:i></r «ddrf*» order* HALL'S MEDICAL
JNSTITUTK. 8S5 Hroartway. Oakland. Cal.
/.!l;. for sale at 1073V, Market «t.. S. F. Send
for fr^« tiock. » »
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES/
Catalogue and Price Lists Mails 1
cn Application.
FKESH A2TS SALT MEATS.
f iC RHVF? fe C(\ Shtpplnr Butchers. JOS
JA3. DUIC3 g Ul. Clay. TcL Mala 12»i.
*~~ ' OILS. ™*
LUEniCATIXO OILS: LEONARD tt ELLIS.
: 418 Front at.. - S. F. Tbone Main 1713.
_ — — rxanxsam ~~~
£¦ C. HUGHES, . Ill Saosomt ¦*.,*. W.
ADVESTISEMZNTS.
I A MILLION ROMPING, PwOY- ]3
3 ' M&A&^Z^P' STEBING AMERICAN BOYS, |
* rMi^ the. kind that eat too much pia m
I *ft*f -whenever thoy srot a chance^ ¦
; A-%, 'f-ifra 1-r.ovr that there's r. 8-weet littlo W
a f^^> £? *^^l fragrrant medicine tablet — a M
i I jFy f&r&v pleasure to eat it— that cures ||
j LJL_Ov *&fV that torture of childhood — m
I f®&-Jfer } J SMALL BOYS' COLIC. Some- [
Yffi^w^^'/ •</ time's tho littlo girls get it too g
3 S^sJ%^V Vy -but CASOARETS Candy Ca- S
1 <raalr^ jffl thartic, tho perfect bo-wol and w
k _^s jJ?ia liver medickie and preventive K
; /<!^ \~t^Fs^ of childhood's ailments, keep &
the children's stomachs end f
; vl^^^^^^' ¦ • eysteras always in perfectly a
-i healthy condition. "Wise moth- S
* jr _r^^|fi^ff^^qs^PPn * era always ketfp a bos handy in jjj
' -^vr^^^^iW?^^ the houao - AU dru^a^ts. 10c, g
/ \. - n "T**y STERLING REMEDY CO., ; ; V
* /a. ¦ ¦ /7- tta ? mm feel Chicago or ITe/vr , Yorfr.
,' / «Q . MO gO9d**
| 1^ 13^ CATHARTIC **%S&$&0$^
I AH«ij^SM^~TEN MILLION BOXES I
ft^ -3^' • ¦> JQreqtes* In the World T m Jf• BOTTLE IMP HOAX — Subscriber.
Caliente, Cal. What Is known as tha
bottle imp hoax was one of the most
brazen impositions ever practiced on
the credulous English public. It was
the result of a wager between the
Duke of Montague and a friend. In
discussing the amazing gullibility of
the English he declared that if an im
postor were to advertise that he would
jump into a quart bottle all London
would go to see him do it. The wager
was taken up and an advertisement
Inserted in all the papers that the
event would take place In the Hay
market Theater. January 16. 16?9.
The theater on that night was packed,
and many thousands were turned
from the door. The conjurer ap
peared on the stage and told the peo
ple that if they would pay double price
he would jump into a pint instead of
a cuart bottle. He then made his exit
through a rear door and carried ofC
the box receipts with him. The af
fair ended in a riot and the theater
Was almost wrecked. The Duke of
Montague and his betting friend had
to leave the city and remainraway un
til: it was forgotten.
'Townsend's California Glace fruits and
choice ' candies, in artistic flre-ctched
boxes. A nice present for Eastern friends.
715 Market street, above Call building:. •
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press dipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cal
ifornia street. Telephone Alain 1012, *
King Edward, through his Lord
Chamberlain in. England, has availed
himself of the sovereign prerogative to
put a stop to the public singing of all
topical songs bearing upon the war and
which tend to ridicule or to cast ob
loquy upon one or the other of the bel
ligerents. Of course the songs can be
sung in private, but thanks to the Lord
Chamberlain's peremptory commands,
they cannot be given on the stage of
any theater or music hall, under the
penalty of the forfeiture of the llcensa
of the place, and of all sorts of penal
ties In the way of fine and imprison
ment for. the singer, the composer and
the" management of the house.
In most other European countries the
censorship of the. drama and of every
thing connected with the stage is ex
ercised by the Government. But in
England it has, at any rate for. the last
two hundred years, been the legal pre
rogative of the sovereign, 'who has In
variably exercised It through his Lord
Chamberlain, the. latter in turn relying
upon the judgment of an official of his
department^ " who la known *as the
"reader of plays,'.' and ¦ whose verdict,
unless set aside by the Lord Chamber-
Nb Offense Allozvcd.
" The populace of San Francisco and all the wiseacres
of the weather are still speculating in wonderment at
the windstorm that recently rattled our windows and
blew down our fences. For us it was indeed a heavy
blow, but let us reflect, estimate the damage and con
gratulate ourselves that what we considered a phenome
non would have been in many less favored places of the
United States an ordinary wind hardly serious enough to
give premonition of usual danger. '
CENTENNIAL OF THE; CODE NAPOLEON.
ON March 21 France will -celebrate the centennial
of the r institution of that famous codification of
•- law known as the Code Napoleon. On that' date
one^hundred years ago the all-powerful First Consul;
soon to -assume the purple of empire, pressed the pass
age of this work of his, lawyers through the pliant Coun
cil of State and the 'shadowy lower house of the Legis-
COMET— A. S., City. The great comet
of 1S61 was discovered by Teebutt at
Sydney. Australia. May 13 of that year.
On June 29 and 30 it was discovered in
France and In England. It was Donati's
comet, so named from the fact that It
was discovered by Dr. Donati at Flor
ence^ in June, 1S3S, that was credited
with "having great influence in France
on the vintage. It Is a fact that that
year was a favorable season, and the
products were advertised as "les vin3
de la comet." This, like many other
speculations on comets, has no scien
tific basis.
THIS State had its first impulse in the discovery of
gold, and though mighty interests have taken the
place formerly held by the hunt for gold there is
hardly a Californian to-day that will not drop pruning
hook. and plow, hammer and plane, and go to mining on
the slightest provocation. There is a lure and fascina
tion in taking primitive value, the standard of all values,
right out of the soil and sand and stones that is not the
attribute of any other business or occupation of man.
In the production of metals and minerals the State is
doing quite well. Mr. Auburjv State Mineralogist, has
just issued the Teport of the State Mining Bureau on
California' mines and minerals. It gives the production
for the -calendar year 1902, as the statistics for 1903 are
not completed. The total value of metals and minerals
produced that year was $35,069,105; of* which gold was
$16,910,320. The next highest value was .petroleum,
$4,692,i?9. For the first time hydraulic cement figured
with some importance, its value being $423,600. In all
we produce 42 metals and minerals. ,-Thc semi-precious
stones appear in the list, for we marketed $11,600 worth
of turquoise," the quantity being 510 pounds. The pro
duction of slates for architectural purposes has reached
important proportions, and the chemical minerals, as
borax, soda, manganese and salt, add very considerably
to the State's wealth.
It must not be understood that the low product of gold
means that our mines are exhausted. The policy of the
Federal Government- which prevents the use of elec
tricity in fining over a considerable part of the mother
lode has ': reduced j the- gold output by many millions; If
the people had/access to the hydraulic power that is so
abundant',insicle the forest and park reserves the gold
output would soon be doubled-. The most profitable of
our. mines. are the great kdges of low-grade ores. When
electric power is accessible these become profitable, but
they cannot be worked by steam power on account of its
excessive cost. ...
In mineral products Shasta. County led with the lar
gest output . In gbkhNevada led, with Calavcras a close
second, and Mariposa, for the lack of electric power, is
eleventh on the list, 'with only $631478 product. She
might easily approximate the head of the column if per
mitted to use power.
The report gives the output iby^ counties of "each of the
minerals and metals,. arid contains .a great deal of inter
esting and valuable information, showing that the days
of gold have not disappeared," andVthat Californians do
not • abate their ; interest in the .wealth that may be dug
from the ground. . * ; . ¦
CALIFORNIA •MINERALS.
If !a reasonable time after the close
of the war elapses and the soldier does
not return, he is counted among the
lost and unidentified dead, and his wife
obtains the divorce from that rabbi
granting her the right to remarry.
Every married soldier, volunteer or
reserve, registers with a rabbi his
name, address, age, height, birthmarks,
name of company and regiment he
joins, and the rabbi keeps a record of
same until the soldier returns from the
war. .
According to the Jewish World, a
very touching editorial appeared In a
recent issue of the Hebrew Daily Haze
firah of- Warsaw, Poland, where the
editor, Mr. Sorolow, calls attention to
the Talmudic law which requires every
married man before going on the bat
tlefield to grant a conditional divorce
to his wife, that she may remarry if
he does not return within a reasonable
time after the end of the war. '.;>;•
The rabbis of Lodz have Caused all
the Jewish soldiers that left that city,
for the seat of war. to grant such di
vorces, and Editor ISorolow suggests
that the example of Lodz should be
copied all over Russia.
Significant Provision..
ROSE DIAMOND— D. C, City. Rosa
diamond does not apply to the color of
the gem, but to the manner of cutting
the same. A rose diamond is faceted
in the surface and flat in the back.
It is nearly hemispherical and cut into
twenty-fo,ur triangular planes or fa
cets. Rose diamonds are made of those
stones too broad In proportion to their
depth to be cut as brilliants. Stones
that are thinner than rose diamonds
are called table diamonds.
TO REVIVE FLOWERS— Esther.
City. It is said that flowers that
have drooped after being cut may be
revived by cutting: off one inch of the
stems and placing the fresh cut sterna
in a cup of water heated to about 120
degrees.
A Chinese reformer informed President Roosevelt
the other day that already there are enrolled in the
Chinese reform party 25,000,000 people. Even if we
accept these figures without the grain of salt necessary
in connection with everything Chinese we must insist
that no showing of measurable value has been made.
Even though every one of the 400,000,000 of the Celestial
Empire were enrolled in the reform party ,they would
have : to give something more substantial than their
words to prove that their intentions are honorable.
SWIMMING RECORD— S.. City. Tha
best swimming record for one mile was
made by R. Cavill, 21:11 2-5. Time and
place not given in the published rec
ords.
DYING WORDS— A. O. S.. City.
"Throw up the window that I may once
more see the magnificent scene of na
ture," were the dving words of Ros
seau.
'Anszi'crs to Queries.
let him up.
"It's ," humbly replied the van
quished lad. The effort to free his
mouth from the mud and grass which
his opponent had rubbed into it made
the answer unintelligible to the trav
eler: but the victor was satisfied and
The Youth's Companion prints a
story to the effect that notwithstanding
the disparity in size between Seattle
and Tacoma, the rivalry in other re
spects between the two cities is as keen
as,ln their earlier days, when they were
young "boom" towns. ; . \
A curious instance of this is seen In
the names by which the towering
mountain that lifts its tall peak to the
southeast Is known In the two places.
In Tacoma it is treason to call it any
thing else than "Mount Tacoma." while
in Seattle it is "Mount Ranier."
A traveler when about half way be
tween the two cities saw two boys
fighting by the roadside. Before he
could separate them one of the boys
got the other down, and after banging
the victim's face into the soft ground,
sat panting but victorious astride of
him.
"What's the name o' that mountain
now?" the victor demanded, in exultant
tones.
Taconta or Rainier.
Mr. Greeley would never have dis
turbed them, but he always complied
with his wife's wish— in his own time
and way. As he slowly reached for his
hat, he shouted:
- "I'm coming after you, boys!"
Of course not ' many captures were
made.
At one time Horace Greeley lived la
a pleasant estate on the Hudson River.
It was approached by a narrow lana
from the street, says a writer in the
Springtield Republican, and was four
miles out from the City Hall on tha
Harlem road.
; The ground from the house on ona
side sloped down to the river; on tha
other was a garden ¦which bore fruit,
accessible to boys. On Sunday, their
day of freedom as well as Mr. Gree
ley's, the boys sought the orchard.
Mr. Greeley never saw or heard them.
But Mrs. Greeley always saw them, and
from her place on the piazza she would
call to Mr. Greeley to put on his hat
and "deal with them."
Fair Warning.
The appeal says: "In many parts of Ireland, especially
those known as the 'congested districts,' no provision
is made for nursing the sick poor in their own homes.
The population is purely agricultural and acutely pover
ty stricken and the boards of guardians in these dis
tricts cannot supply even the ordinary maternity nurses.
The people assist one another, the poor supporting the
destitute; but a rate in aid of the nursing fund cannot
be levied in this district, for that would merely be tax
ing the already overburdened population in one direc
tion to benefit them in another. Moreover, as there are
seldom any resident gentry or well-to-do inhabitants of
the middle classes, it is equally impossible to obtain
voluntary contributions from local sources. During the
past year sufficient money has been collected to estab
lish and endow eight jubilee nurses. Four of these
have been at work some little time; four more will be so
shortly. But applications from districts equally poor
and necessitous are coming in constantly, and unless the
fund receives further assistance the answer sent to such
applications must be unfavorable." . .
Ireland is far away and we have many in our own land
who need assistance^ so that this appeal may seem to be
shifting a British .burden upon us; but still it comes in
the name of charity and compels attention even from the
indifferent. American liberality has given freely to suf
fering humanity in all lands, and Ireland has special
claims upon us by reason of work done for the ad
vancement of America by her children. We therefore
give the appeal the publicity desired. It is announced
that donations may be sent either to Lady Dudley or to
the Bank, of Ireland, marked "Lady Dudley Fund for
District Nurses."
AN appeal issued from the castle in Dublin and
signed by -Lady .Dudley asks that the attention ot
the Irish people in America be directed to a fund
which lias been established for the maintenance of dis
trict nurses in the poorest parts of Ireland, to the end
that they may give such assistance as their charity may
prompt.
IRELAND'S ,NEED.
"Somethin* to keep out the flies,
mum; somethin' to keep but the flies."
Day after day, week In and week out,
sunshine or rain, the housewives in the
Mission hear this cry from a little old
man who owns a little carpenter shop
on Castro street, near where the cars
turn. He has been there for years, and
during all that time he has done noth
ing but make screen-covered cupboards
— "something to keep out the flies." Oc
casionally he jwlll take an order for a
screen door.
An order for a cupboard pleases him
greatly and is always received with a
chuckle and a muttered something
about files, "the pesky critters."
Recently a woman who ordered a
cupboard from him sought to find out
why he had such a hatred for files.
For a time all she got from the old man
was a mumbled "Keep 'em out, the
pesky critters — keep 'em out."
She persisted in the inquiry, and after
a minute or tw,o the old man, with a
savage look in his eyes, snapped out:
"Twenty years ago in Missouri I had
a wife and five children. "We had a nice
little farm. In a town five miles from
us there was a plague. The files car
ried it to my little farm. "Within a week
wife and little ones died. Keep "em 014,
the pesky critters; keep 'em out."
"Keep Out the Flies."
duced!"
Xen I say 'at I know 'em — there I
But 'at I ain't been interducedS
An' 'at It ain't po-llte to speak
Or reco-nize them you ain't met.
Nen teacher laugh until she squeak
Out funny-like: "You'll kill m« yet!*
— Chicago Tribun*.
I guess, what perfeck manners 1*1
Nen she make me get up again
An' start th' alphumbet at A—
An' I fro right along, an' nea
I can't uhmember after J.
"Go on," says teacher. "I de-elarel
You aro th* worst this school's pnx
'At any little boy like me
Can't call th* letters all by nam»
From A clear down to 'at old Z. L--_^s
Nen teacher sniff an* say Tm slow.
An' nod her head an' shake her tnzxi
Nen I eet mad. an' say I know.
My ma. she says It ain't po-llt«
To speak to people you ain't met—
But teacher scolds, an' 'at ain't right!
"When I can't speak th' alphumbet.
Th© teacher say 'at It's a shame
Good Manners.
The carriers are made of thin steel.
They are cylinders closed at one end
The boy who uses a putty blower
illustrates th? principle on which the
pneumatic tube eystem operates. The
boy expels air with a puff — the air car
ries with it the ball of putty. The air
actually flows through the pneumatic
tube. It is not "puffed" through how
ever, but is forced through the pipe.
The tubular steel carrier, slightly
smaller than the inside diameter of the
tube, is carried along by the. air cur
rent until It reaches the point of deliv
ery. An air compressor forces the pipe
and the same air current brings the
carrier back to Its original starting
point through the return tube.
The tubes are cast-iron pipes, closely
resembling water or gas pipes, but the
shell Is thicker and the quality of Iron
is better. Each twelve-foot length of
pipe is bored; to a true cylinder and
particular ,care is taken to make all
joints oir.'tight. -For short bends seam
less brass tubing is . used somewhat
larger In bore than the ;cast-lron rpipe,'
for allowance must be made for 'dear-'
ance so that the carriers will not' stick
•while shooting around a bend. :
But the first serious attempt to in
stsJl a pneumatic tube system for car
rying the mails was successfully made
in Philadelphia in 1832. the tubes being
six and one-eight inches inside diame
ter. Boston and Xevv York followed
T.-ith eight-inch pipes. Thus the Post
office Department set the example,
which is certain to be followed by ths
commercial world.
At first blush it would seem that this
proposition to fill an eight-Inch pipe
¦with air at a pressure of twenty-five
pounds more or less to the square inch.'
the said pipe reaching from Chicago
to salt water, was ene of those vision
ary schemes which pop up every week
or so. But these are days of big things,
and the building of a compressed air
pipe line between Chicago and New
York would be but the extension of a
system already In operation. Pneu
matic engineers assert there is nothing
mechanically or constructively against
the proposition; It all comes down to
the matter of money.
Those who look upon pneumatic
tubes and _ the employment of com
pressed air to carry cylindrical boxes
through pipes as something very mod
ern will be surprised to learn that half
a century ago a pneumatic tube was
put In operation in London for dis
patching telegrams.- It was only an
linch and a quarter pipe, 700 feet long,
but it worked so well that a few years
later another tube two and a quarter
inches in diameter and over 3000 feet
long was laid down. From this begin
ning sprang London's present network
of tubes, which covers the business
part of the metropolis, cc-nnectlng the
general postoffice v.ith all the subpost
offices. Berlin has over forty miles of
pneumatic tubes, but all the pipes of
the European system are of small
diameter, none exceeding three inches.
This limits them to the transmission of
telegrams and messages. In many
American cities small sized tubes have
been used for many years for carrying
messages; newspapers have used them
for the transmission of press telegrams.
The projectors of the New York-Chi
cago pneumatic tube system are not
figuring on any 100-mile-an-hour ser
vice. They say a speed of forty or
fifty miles an hour will be sufficient to
meet business needs, and claim there
will be no trouble to- maintain an un
interrupted service. Nor is it their pur
pose to run a bee line between the ter
minal cities so as to provide the short
est way for the steel carriers . to
travel through the cast-iron pipes.
The scheme contemplates a route
which will take in as many large cen
ters of population as possible without
straying too far from a practical di
rect line. This route would follow the
Hudson River and Erie canal to Buffa
lo, and parallel the Lake Shore road
to Chicago. Every city of any consid
erable population en the line would be
an Intermediate station, with relays
and power plants at necessary points.
• • •
Ntw York and Chicago will be con
&«ct*6 by an eight-Inch pneumatic tube
If present plane of capitalists and com
prsscred air engineer* are realized. The
echetre Is declared to be practical and
the odd feature of the proposition is
that the projectors are not looking to
Uncle Sam for a subsidy or the United
States malls as the principal source of
revenue. It Is figured out that the net
Income from the transmission of light
packages between the terminals and
Intermediate stations will be sufficient
to pay good dividends on the invest
ment. The success of the pneumatic
tube systems for the transmission of
mall matter in New York. Boston and
Philadelphia and the dispatch of mes
sages in London, Paris, Berlin. Vienna
and Brussels Is cited to prove the prac
ticability and actual economy of com
pressed air as a carrying agent. Chi
cago is to be equipped with pneumatic
tubes for the use of its postoffices, and
pneumatic engineers look forward to an
early day when all the large cities of
the country will use the swift service
to facilitate the distribution of mails
and packages.
(Oorrricfct. 1WM. by Joseph B. Bowlea.)
(Author ef "Chop TsJk en Wcndtrs of the
By MAIiCOLil McDOWELl*
s' Remarkable Project.
lain, is sufficient to prevent the produc
tion of any play or the rendering: of any
song from the stage of the theaters and
music halls of the United Kingdom-
The fire of partisan criticism has been centered upon
him, from that black day in Buffalo when he took the
oath of office over the dead body of his chief and prede
cessor to this moment. But it has not deflected him
from his purpose, to serve the people by giving his best
and bravest in their interest, nor has it reduced the
hopeful buoyancy of his spirits or put acerbity and re
venge into his conduct toward those who oppose him.
He has accepted it like a philosopher as the lot of those
who serve the people, and thoughtful men have seen in
it merely the involuntary admission 1 of the value of his
This seems to us a fair traverse of the President's re
cord and a just statement of the influence he has exerted
upon the affairs of his country. It remains for the open
or covert supporters of Mr. v Hearst to make the com
parison. Will they do it?
With his physical strength soundly built up he re
turned to New York and entered politics, and without
the assistance of any machine was elected to the Legis
lature, where his voice and vote were given to clean poli
tics and the promotion of civic righteousness. Ap
pointed to the Civil Service Commission he' discharged
the cleansing duties of that position so faultlessly as to
draw the wrath of the spoilsmen. He held that office far
into Mr. Cleveland's second administration and was in
entire accord with his civil service ideas.
While Civil Service Commissioner he was appointed
Police Commissioner of the city of New York, a posi
tion that commanded a vast variety of the highest in
terests. It was said when he accepted it that it meant
his ruin, for no man could hold it and come out clean.
He enforced the law and raised the police establishment
high out of the Tammany gutter. Leaving that office for
the position of Assistant Secretary of the Navy, he was
an efficient force in the preparations necessary for the
Spanish war, and resigned to recruit a regiment with
which he served during that short struggle.
As a soldier he shirked no duty and avoided, no dan
ger. He exposed himself to the risks war and the
perils of death, and the test of his conduct is the love
and admiration of the men in his regiment. When that
war was over he. became the candidate of his party for
the office of Governor of. New York, and won in as hard
a political battle as has ever been fought in an American
State. As Governor he lived up to his -principles of re
form and did not hesitate to oppose the Legislature of
his own party when it showed signs of partaking of the
political demoralization with which Tammany has in
fected the politics of that State. He promoted legislation
to control trusts, to economize government and to secure
the public welfare. •
Next he was elected to the Vice Presidenc3% and after
the assassination of McKinley succeeded to that great
office. In the Presidency he has manifested the same
traits that characterized him in every position he has
occupied from his youth up. Devoted to the interests of
his country, he has been a man of action in every emer
gency. Corrupt elements in his party have felt the
weight of his hand whenever the duties of his office re
quired that it be laid upon them. Endowed with moral
and physical courage, he has shown both in every crisis
and no act of cowardice or demagogy is on record to his
discredit.
In the midst of all this public activity he has exhibited
constant intellectual activity and power. His work as an
author has commanded respect at home and abroad. It
has been, aimed in his various books to encourage the
manhood and .raise the ideals of his countrymen. His
historical work, like his "Winning of the West," is of
distinct value, and is an important contribution to his
torical lore. and literature. Some may object to his ex
pressions of opinion, but none can deny to them either
honesty or courage.
His books and his speeches are promotive of domestic
purity and decency, Tightness of public and private con
duct, brotherly love among men, helpfulness to those un
avoidably unfortunate, and patriotic devotion to country.
Men who have had close contact with him in Washing
ton and who oppose him political^', like the Washing
ton editor of the New York Post, make high ascription
to his qualities as a man, an American and a President.
His personal life has been clean and stainless. His pub
lic life has been frank, open and devoted, as he sees his
duty, to the honor and glory of his country. Meanness
and greed get no encouragement in the record he has
made. Indecency gets no strength in his example. Class
hatred has no impulse in his insistence upon the equality
of all men before the law.
THE Colus'a Snu. which is easily the leader of the
country Democratic press of California, is prepar
ing itself and those whom it leads to fall in with
the Hearst column. This is being done by insisting that
Roosevelt is no better, by the record, than Hearst. In
a late issue the Sun says: "Neither of them is the right
class of man for the high office. If these two should be
the nominees it would require a vast amount of check in
the kettle to call the pot black."
While that is a poor sort of politics it is probably the
best that the Sun has in stock in view of what it evi-
The record of Theodore Roosevelt has no secret
chapters. It has been an open book, and we invite those
who make the pot and kettle argument to examine it and
make the obvious comparison. Theodore Roosevelt's
father was not a millionaire, but was a man in rather
moderate circumstances. In his childhood the Presi
dent was handicapped by a weakly physique, but he mas
tered that disadvantage by the force of his will. He
graduated at Harvard, and, dependent on his own re
sources, sought the West as a field for business and ad
venture and did all the rugged work of a cattleman in
Dakota.
"Next morning when he entered the
courtroom and walked up to the table
the umbrella was there Just where he
had left it. Addressing the Judge so
that those in the courtroom could hear
him, he said: 'This little . isode proves
that it Is not impossible to find honest
men in this world. Just look, your
Honor; there is my umbrella In the
exact spot where I left It yesterday.' "
A discussion started i In the Hall of
Justice one rainy day recently as to
whether it was a crime to steal an
umbrella, and Sergeant McDonald told
a good story about the well !:nown at
torney, T. C. Van Ness.
"Attorney Van Ness," he said, "was
interested in a case in Judge Rix's
court and^when he reacned the table
In front of the bench he placed his
umbrella on It. He left the courtroom
without the umbrella, but returned lat
er and, addressing the Judge, said: 'I
left my umbrella on this table, but It
Is not there now. I shall be here to
morrow mc-ming and I shall expect the
umbrella to be Just where I left it, or
somebody will have to suffer the con
sequences.'
Another Diogenes.
COMPARING RECORDS.
Three hundred cocoanut . trees may
easily be grown to the acre,*, and each
tree '.will yield at least 200 : nuts a year.
Byj the conversion of this supply into
readily . marketable products, by pro
cesses which, Involve no great outlay
of capital/ every acre r 6f cocoanut '¦ trees
should * return ' more ~ rather/ than . less
than $2000. a yeartb Itsowner. /The
sale of the huts, as such/ should: re
turn about $500 per acre.*
The United States imports annually
abo-ut 20,000.000 cocoanuts, at a cost of
some $S00,000. Distributed in the form
of pies and other confections, says the
New York Sun, this supply contributes
much to the sum total of human hap
piness.
Th« cocoanut has various other Im
portant commercial uses. The so-called
"meat" yields an oil for. which the
demand almost unlimited. The fib
rous husk yields a material, known as
"coir," which is used for mats and mat
ting, for sacks, ropes and for; mattress
stuffing. Even the shell has its com
mercial uses. The oil is used for soap,
candles and glycerine. ' Chemical . pro
cesses are now producing from it an
entirely wholesome and nutrition's sub
stitute for butter made from cow's
milk.' The cake, called '"poonac," left
after the oil has been extracted, is an
excellent food for cattle, hogs, horses
and even for poultry.
T'7 T* if r~ a-
Ike loathsome Cocoanut.
Pneumatic tubes, in recent years,
have become important features in re
tail stores, taking the place of cash
boys. They are used in the grain ele
vators for lifting corn, wheat and
oats, and in sawmills and furniture fac
tories to carry off the sawdust and
other refuse. They are common to
newspaper offices, and thousands of
miles of railroad tracks are paralleled
by the pipes which contain the com
pressed air that operates the automatic
block signals. Their use is extending
rapidly and there seems to be. little
doubt that in . a few years they will
be used to' carry not only mall and
telegrams, but bulky packages to all
parts of large cities.
Carriers can be sent to intermediate
stations, where an ingenius device au
tomatically switches from . the main
line only such receivers as are destined
for that station. A small metal disk on
one end of a carrier determines whether
the carrier will be switched aside from
the main line. In the bottom of the re
ceiving tube, at the Intermediate sta
tion, are two needles. If the disk is
wide enough to span the space be
tween the two needles an electrical
connection is established, the switch
is opened and the carrier is dis
charged into the receiver of the inter
mediate station. The spacing between
the needles varies for each switch so it
is only necessary to attach a disk of
the proper diameter to a carrier to send
it automatically to the desired station.
To prevent operators from choking the
tube by transmitting carriers too rap
idly, a time lock is placed on the send
ing apparatus allowing five, ten or fif
teen seconds' headway as may be de
sired.
• * •
At each station of a pneumatic tube
line, whether a terminal or an inter
mediate station, is an apparatus for
sending and receiving carriers. The de
vice is so arranged and managed that
there is no break in the current of air
while the carrier is being pushed Into
the main tube. A frame carries two
sections of tubing. When at rest one
section forms part of the main tube.
The carrier is thrust into the open tube,
an air motor governed by a starting
lever swings the frame until the sec
tion containing the carrier comes to po
sition, forming part of the main tube;
the air immediately drives the carrier
into the main tube and swiftly trans
ports it to the other terminal. When
the carrier arrives at a station it
shoots into a closed receiver, and, com
pressing the air, forms an air cushion
so that it comes to rest without a
shock. This closed receiver then tips
down, discharging the carrier, and then
automatically returns to its original
position ready to catch the following
receiver.
The company which installed the
pneumatic transmission service in Phil
adelphia had 5n mind the expansion of
the service tu adapt it to commercial
uses. In order to determine the best
size of tube for carrying miscellaneous
bundles and packages of retailed mer
chandise a series of tests were made.
The ingenious method of measuring
bundles by passing them through hoops
of iron was adopted. Men were sta
tioned In several large department
stores where all packages and bundles
for delivery were carried out. Every
bundle was put through rings and it
was ascertained that 81 per cent of all
packages and bundles could be packed
in a 12-lnch carrier, about 10 per cent
less could go in a 10-inch carrier and
60 per cent In an 8-inch carrier. It was
demonstrated that a large proportion
of the bundles too large to be sent
through a 12-inch tube could be re
wrapped so as to permit their passage
through an 8-inch tube.
and provided with a hinged lid, which
can be Quickly and securely locked at
the other end. For an eight-Inch tube
the carrier Is two feet long and seven
inches in diameter, and weighs empty
about thirteen pounds. The steel shell
of the carrier never touches the pneu
matic tube, for on each carrier are two
collars made of woven cotton cloth,
tightly clamped between metal rings.
These collars when new fit the pneu
matic tube snugly, but use wears them
down until sometimes they are a quar
ter of an inch smaller than the diame
ter of the tube. One would think that
this would permit so much air to es
cape past the collars that the carrier
would lose speed, but as a matter of
fact this affects their velocity but
slightly. The collars are good for about
2000 miles of travel. Then they are re
newed. The empty carrier weighs
about thirteen pounds, and Its carrying
capacity is somewhat over 800 cubic
inches. Apparently it makes no differ
ence so far as speed in transit is con
cerned whether the carrier is empty or
full. The builders of pneumatic tube
systems claim that a carrier filled with
brick or lead' will -shoot through the
tube* as swiftly and certainly as one
filled with feathers.
laturc and promulgated it as the law for France and for
all countries which should then be under the dominion
of : the French.
Though the First Consul left the preparation of the
code to Tronchet and the brilliant circle of legal lights
associated with him, his" tremendous power of dictator
ship was alone responsible for its final accomplishment
and institution as the law of the land. For upon being
made First Consul Napoleon immediately saw .that even
with the centralization of the Government accomplished
by the inauguration of the departmental and prefecture
system of administration, the utterly chaotic condition
of the judiciary resulting from the revolution and the
swift changes of government following threatened to
make his favorite centralized system merely a" hollow
shell.
Perchance he builded better than he knew. With
only- a few, alterations demanded by the exigencies of
the changes of government, the code remains to-day the
law of France. Belgium, Holland, Italy, parts of
Switzerland and most of the South and Central Ameri
can republics have used it for the foundation of their
judicial system. . Even our own State of Louisiana re
tains the vestiges of its former French government in
the reflection of the code Which is found in its laws.
The Code Napoleon has indeed been a monument of
the great conqueror more enduring than the Vcndome
co ; umn. •>-.-¦;'¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL,; SUNDAY, 'MARCH 20,. 1904.
THE SAN FRAN CI3CO GALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor . ........ . Address All Communication* to JOHN HcNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office <^fPli^^ > .'.'... .Third and Market Streets, S. F.
SUNDAY ...' .. MARCH 20, 1904
32
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESProfessor Irwin Rautenstruach of
"Washington University has asked the
courts to change his name. Very few
people are able to pronounce it correct
ly, he says, and he's getting tired of
being called "Rottenstraw," which
name was conferred upon him in his
school days.
Roger Carroll Is building two three
story flats on the east line of Guerrero
street. 23 feet south of Twenty-third, to
cost $15,000.
John H. Brunning3 will build a $10,000
residence on the west line of Clayton
street. 50 feet south of Hayes.
Emile Glrard will build a three-story
flat structure on the west line of La
guna street, 123 feet north oj Green, to
cost $11,000.
Sol Getz & Son have concluded to
build an office on the corner of H
street and Forty-seventh avenue,
fronting the park. The architecture
of the building will be Egyptian, sim
ilar to the park museum, with an ar
tistic and attractive interior.
dero. to contain a market with flats
above. The cost of the structure will
be about $3000.
C. A. Meussdorffer will erect an
apartment-house on the west line ef
Jones street, 45 feet south of Pine, to
cost $26,000. It has been leased in ad
vance of construction for a term of five
years for $19,500.
' Frank R. Granniss will put up a
two-story building on the north line
of Sacramento street, east of Devisa-
Eastern. Eldridge & Co. will hold their
auction on March 20. Desirable prop
erties are mentioned in the catalogue.
One of the choicest suburban prop
erties within a half hour's travel of
San Francisco and lying in the choicest
residence portion of Sausalito, every
one of the seventeen subdivisions of
which command an unobstructed ocean
and bay view and a view of Mount
Tamalpals and Marin County, as well
as Alameda County, and which land
surrounds the former Hotel El Monte,
now the Hotel Geneva, will be sold at
public auction on the premises on Sat
urday afternoon, April 9. by Henry
Stern of David Stern & Sons, 11 Mont
gomery street. Since it has been made
public that this property is going to
be subdivided there has been consid
erable inquiry and from present indi
cations it seems that the demand will
be greater, than the supply. The new
facilities by the North Shore Railroad
make this one of the choicest subur
ban properties within easy access of
San Francisco. The subdivision has
been made so that each lot has an un
obstructed view and the erection of
buildings on the property will in no
way Interfere with the adjoining house.
east side of Valencia street, between Sixteenth
and Seventeenth. Eighteenth and Nineteenth
and Nineteenth and Twentieth streets.
Southwest corner c* Devlsadero and Fell
streets. 27:6x106:3 with improvements renting
at $120 a month: lot 25x90 feet, and Improve
ments at 1213. 1215 and 1217 Folsom ttreet,
and the lot. 75x75 feet, and improvement*
renting for- $147 a month, on the northwest
corner of Eighth and Folsom streets; north
east corner of Fulton street and Thirty-fifth
avenue. 120x450 feet; northwest corner of Ful
ton and Baker streets, 37:6x96:10%, with Im
provements renting for $122 50 a month; lot,
20x107:6 and flats at 303 and 303^4 Devisa
dero street; lot. 34:*^xl37:6, on the, southwest
line of Spear street, between Market and Mis
sion: lot. 56:3x275. and Improvements renting
for $1SS a month at '.HI and 043 Bryant street
and from 1 to 35 White place; lot 25x73 feet,
and tenements at 504 and 506 Minna street:
lot 40xC5 feet, and two brick dwellings at 726
and 728 Vallejo street, and seven lots on the
G. H.* Umbsen & Co. will sell prop
erty at auction on Monday, jlarch 28,
the offerings including the following:
OFFERED AT AUCTION*.
The answer closes by declaring that
Sproat "did not refrain from filing his
schedule through any contumacious
spirit or purpose to disregard the pro
visions of the bankrupt act."
•!•¦ •!•
feet, and improvements, on the northwest side
of San Jose avenue, 125 feet northeast of
Arcadia street. $1000; Joseph Ferrea to client,
lot 25x94 feet, and improvements, on the north
west side of San Jose avenue. 1144:6 northeast
of Janice street, $500; Louise C. Dlrgins to
D O' Sullivan, lot Mt:3xl37:t) on the north sida
of Sutter street. 122 feet east of Broderick.
S10.250. and August Stelnmetz to Charles
Katz, lot 30x160 feet, with imorovements. on
the north line of Brannan street, 395 feet
east of Fifth.
Kdward S. Sproat wai adjudged in invol
untary bankrupt on March 3 of this year by
order of the United! States District Court.
On March 3 he was served with a notice pur
porting to require him to file a schedule of
his property. On January 0 several of his
creditors, among them Slebe Brothers &
Placemann, had caused to be filed In the
Police Court a complaint charging Sproat
with the crime of concealing: his property
with Intent to hinder, delay and defraud his
creditors. On this complaint ha was arrested,
admitted to bail in $7500, and his trial set
for April 4.
On January 20 other creditors filed another
end similar complaint in the Police Court
and caused his arrest a second time. He was
admitted to bail in the earn of $1000 and his
arraignment was ret for March 21. Other
criminal proceedings are pending against him.
His brother has been examined as a witness
before the City and County Grand Jury
touching Edward Sproat's acts In relation to
his creditors and his property, and subpenas
have been issued for other members of his
family and for ex-employes. Campbell. Met
son & Campbell, his attorneys, have advised
him that a schedule. If voluntarily filed by
him, would be used against him in the crim
inal proceedings in the Police Court, and that
he could not be compelled to become a wit
ness against himself or to furnish evidence
which might be, used against him in a crim
inal case. Slebe' & Plagemann have employed
rpecial counsel to prosecute him and his
rights therefore must be carefully guarded.
By consent of Campbell, Metson &
Campbell, attorneys for Edward S.
Sproat, and Frank & Mansfield, attor
neys for the creditors in the Federal
bankruptcy case, the examination of
Sproat as to his refusal to file a sched
ule c-f his assets and liabilities was
postponed yesterday morning by Unit
ed States District Judge de Haven for
a week.
Sproat's attorneys at the same time
filed an answer to the attachment of
his body by order of the court, in which
answer the. following averments are
made:
His Counsel Aver That His
Schedule Could Be Used
Against Him Criminally
The following sales have been made
by A. J. Rich & Co.:
Lot on the south line of Commercial street.
Shainwald, Buckbee & Co. have sold a
lot, 62:6x127:8^4 feet, on the north line
of "Washington street, 175:6 feet west of
Spruce street, for $18,000. They have
also sold 25x112:6 feet and improve
ments on the east line of "Webster
street, 87:6 feet north of Post street, for
Louis Friedlander, for 513,000; also for
A. D. Carville the lot 34:4% and im
provements on the north line of Golden
Gate avenue 137:6 feet west' of Webster
street, for $13,000.
Through the agency of Madison &
Burke the property on the south line of
Post street, 145 feet west of Larkin, has
been sold by C. Drew for $24,000. The
lot Is 25x120 feet. The improvements
are three fiats in front and two in the
rear, that face on Cedar avenue.
The southeast corner of Second and
Natoma streets has been sold to the
Behlow estate for $49,000. The lot is
47x75 feet. The improvements are old.
Three years ago the same property .was
sold for $38,000.
Charles A. Muessdorffer, the archi
tect, has bought four flats on the west
line of Mason street, 69 feet north of
Pine, for $20,200. The improvements are
new.
Thomas Magee & Sons sold for Giles
H. Gray the property on the northeast
corner of Jessie and New Anthony
streets, between Second and Third. The
lot has 46 feet front on Jessie street
with a depth of 60 feet on New An
thony. It has on it a two-story frame
building. The price for the property
was about $15,000. Frederick K.-Hous
ton is the buyer. It is his intention to
erect a four-story brick building for
manufacturing purposes.
Eastcn, Eldridge & Co. have sold to
Frances ' Marks 63x120 feet and seven
two-story buildings on the south line
of Pine street, 110 feet east of Octavla,
for $15,000.
The following sales are reported by
Shainwald, Buckbee & Co.:
- For Mrs. L. Ackerman. residence and lot.
20x127 :8Vi on the south line of Washington
streat 162:6 east of Flllmore, for $"500; for
A. Hochstein. residence and lot 34:414x110
feet, on the north side of Haight street. 137:6
east of Stelner, for $7000; for W. F. Taylor,
lot 27:6xl27:8V4. ofl the north line of Clay
street. 137:6 weat of Spruce, for $4500; for
Miss C. M. Atkinson, lot 27:8^1x137:6, on the
west line of Locust street,' 127 :8U north of
Clay, for $4150; for P. Sweeney, lot 25x122:6.
on the wost side of Belvidere street. 100 feet'
south of Haight. for $2700; for J. H. Manor,
lot 27:6x137:6, on the south line of Vallejo
street. 165 feet east of Scott, for $2000; for
Harry Fish lot 27:6x104. on the north line of
Fulton street. 120 west of Sixth avenue, for
$2250; for Goodman & Oppenhelmer, lot 25x
137:6. on the north line of Geary street, 125
feet west of Broderick. for $1750.
IX MANY SECTIONS.
SALES IX VARIETY.
Several large sales of city realty are
Just reported. The tranctions of ! the
week just closed have been satisfactory
from every point of view. The brisk
inquiry for home sites shows no abate
ment. The search for Income, paying
properties is very strong and persist
ent. . There is no lack of business in
the auction rooms.
The sections known as outside lands
are getting a great deal of attention.
Easy of access to the business portions
of the city and situated near the at
tractions that are supplied by Golden
Gate Park and proximity to the ocean
beach, the outside lands are settling
up at a rate that will soon deprive' them
of any reason to be considered as "out
side" of .the activities of this growing
city, which is' forging ahead daily.
Sorr.e of the larger deals which are
just reported are evidence of the con
dition of the market and of the general
advancement of values that has taken
place In the last two or three years.
G. H. Umbsen & Co. have ,sold the
Rcsenthal building and lot, 50x165 feet,
on the southeast line of Market street,
midway between Sixth and Seventh
streets, for 5295,000. The seller is the
Crocker Estate Company. The pur
chaser is Mrs. Elise A. Drexler.
G. H. Umbsen & Co. have also sold
137:6x137:6 feet on the northwest corner
of Union and Battery streets, with
warehouse standing thereon, for Scholle
Brothers. The price paid is $50,000. The
purchaser is a client of G. H. Umbsen
& Co. The income from the present
improvements is $240 per month.
Through the agency of Benjamin M.
Gunn & Co. Mrs. Elise A. Drexler has
purchased the property on the north
east corner of Eighth and Brannan
streets, 68:9x275 feet, for $115,000, from
the California Safe Deposjt and Trust
Company as trustee.
A. J. Rich & Co. have sold to B.
Sheidemann 20x80 feet on Stockton
street, adjoining the southeast corner
of Sutter and Stockton streets, for $30,
500, from the estate of James Gorevan.
The corner has upon it the new Central
building. The purchase is to supply
room for an addition to the Central
building. The frontage now held by
Sheidemann is 50xS0 feet. The Central
building will be made to cover this lot
to the uniform height of eight stories.
. Mrs. C.' Zoberbler to Dr. J. L. "Warner, lot
25x100; feet, and improvements, on the west
Uno of Lyon street. 100 feet north of Ilalght,
for • $10,000; ; D.r G. • Paul of Fowter to N. V.
Smith; : lot -, 2u.06x92.47 : on : the : northwest ' line
of ' Corbett*. road, * 175 feet northeast of Mar*
•treet: Joseph Ferrea to F.. Tassi. -, lot 60x117
City, properties have been sold by
the C M. Wooster Company as fol
lows: .
The purchasers of the block Just sold.
Messrs. Keenl* and Rosenthal. intend to Im
prove all of it. The plans for the houses ar«
being prepared by William Koenig, and within
the next three weeks the work of construction
will begin. The plans contemplate the erec
tion of about twenty-one residences which will
vary materially. • from the ordinary or con
ventional style of butM Ings In course of con
struction throughout other portions of the city.'
It la fie intention of the owners to build the
houses eithe» for sale or for rent.
That values have largely Increased In the
residence section of the city i«» evidenced by
a sale just closed .through Baldwin & Howell,
agents for the City Realty Company, to Wil
liam Ko«nltr, the architect, and Maurice
Roeenthal. of the block on Parnassus Heights,
bounded bv First and Second avenues and U
and Huso streets, consisting of twenty-one
lots which sold for approximately $33,000, or
nearly $1900 per lot." Th* first salts made In
Parnassus Helsrhts. about nine months ago,
averaged $1300 Der lot. The second sale,
which was held in January of the present
year, yielded $1600 per lot, and the last sale,
which amounts to nearly $1000 per lot, shows
an Increase In value in that district during
the last nine months of nearly 50 r*r cent.
The same increase exists in property in the
Richmond district, where Lyon & Hoag have
made large sales for th« Bay District Land
Company, and the amount of ¦ building now
going on both north and south of the park
indicates that both the Richmond district and
the Sunset section of the city will receive a
large lncreas* In "population in the; near fu
ture. - "- -• ¦
Baldwin & Howell make a report
concerning the increase of values for
residence property south and north of
Golden Gate Park. Among other
statement* of Interest are the follow
ing:
TIIE PARK NEIGHBORHOOD.
In the Bay District land holdings — John IL
Girgg. lot 25x120, on west line of Third ave
nue, 27 north of C street, $1250; Jacob Schmidt,
lot 125x120, on east" line of Third avenue, 25
south of A street, $5500; Newton I. Rosekrans.
lot 100x120, west line of Third avenue. 150
south of B street. $4?00; Daniel Rosenbluln.
lot l?5xl20. on west line of Third avenue. 225
north of C street, $1250; Myer G. Moses, lot
25x120, east line of Third avenue, 200 north
of B street. $1125; Edward and Ernest Phil
lips, lot 32:6x100, northeast corner of Third
avenue and A street, $2000; George A. Shrledcr,
lot 25x120, east line of Third avenue, 100 south
of A street. $1100; George Himmelstross, - lot
25x120, on west line of Third avenue. 250 south' 1
of B street, $1250; J. L. Tisdale. lot 75xl2o.
on east line of Third avenue, 225 north of B
street, $4375: same, for lot 25x120, on west
lln» of Third avenue, 125 south of B street.
$1125. ,
. In the Jordan tract — William H. Rossel, lot
33:4x120, on east line of Michigan avenue, 400
north- of Richmond avenue. $1850: Albert H.
Bchrens lot adjolnineon north, $1S5O; Jes«e
F. Banks, lot 33:4x120, on east line of Michi
ean avenn*. 100 - north of Richmond avenue,
$1S5O; William O. Leale. lot 33:4x120, on east
line of Michigan avenue, 134:4 north of Rich
mond avenue, $1850.
The following sales have been made
by Lyon & Hoag during the last week:
For F. A. Grange, lot 25x75 feet, with flats,
on the south side of Clara street, 175 feet we-Jt
of Fourth; lot 25x100 feet, on the south line
of Point Lobos avenue,' 23:6 west of Ninfi
avenue, for John A. Doherty. to Albert Druck
er for $950; for John Burns, to Otto Schlnke 1
Jr., lot and improvements on the northwest
side of Harrison street, 110 feet east of Fourth;
for the account of J. T. Hasgerty, lot 60x114
fett. on the north -line of Twenty-first street.
125 feet east of Sanchez, and for the account
o£ Katherine Connell, lot 25x95 feet, on the
west line of Fifth avenue, 25 feet north '.t
Hugo street, for $1325, to Daniel Schudmachcr.
Lot 33x129 feet, on the 1 south side of Jackson
street, between Cherry street and First ave
nue,, for B. H. Pluramer for ?280O: lot 21x
ltO feet, and three-story frame building on
the west side of Polk street, between Pacific
avenue and Broadway, for Johanna Hessian
for J4C00; residence . and lot. 2tixSl:3, on the
east *1«1p of Stelner street, between California
and Sacramento for Charles Hushton for
$4700; for Mary F. Rice, lot 27:«xl27:8U. on
the south slda of Pacific avenue. between
Broderick and Baker streets, for $4500; lot
32:6x100 feet, on the northwest -corner of -D
street and Thirty-sixth avenue, for A. Grath
well for $1250; lot 25x90 feet, on the west side
o! Scott street, between O'Farrell and Ellis,
for Margaret Perkins for $3000; for J. Martin.
lot 30x75 feet, with old building, on the south
side of Ellis street, between Scott and Devis
ndero. for $3000; lot 21x60 feet, with two flats
on the. southwest corner of Natoma and Mary
streets, for K. .Curtis for $4200; lot 25x75 feet,
with old Improvements, on the west side of
Fifth street, between • Foleom and Harrison,
for S. .Chaquette for $7500: lot on the south
line o' Cherrv. for B. H. Plummer for $2SOO;
lot 22x68:9 on the south side of Vallejo street,
between Stockton and Powell, for M. J.
Cryan for J400O: northwest corner of Fifth
street and CotUsre avenue. San Rafael. 171 :Sx
152:5 feet, for T. H. O'Connor for $4500.
Sales have been made by Easton,
Eldridge & Co. as follows:
LOTS AXD BUILDINGS.
The following sales have been made
by Madison & Burke:
Shainwald, Buckbee & Co. report
that only fifteen lots remain to be sold
in the Bakers Beach block owned by
John C. Brlckell.
The following sales are reported by
Sol Getz & Son:
Lot 60x120. on the west line of Forty
eighth avenue. 262:6 feet south of K street,
to D. J. Sullivan, for S120O. and on the west
line of Forty-sixth avenue, 125 feet north of
I street, to J. Berry, for $1700; lot 25x120 on
the cast line of Forty-ninth avenue, 237:6
feet south of I< street, to 1>. Broad: on the
west side of Forty-eighth avenue, 137:6 feet
north of M street, for $600, and on the west
line of Forty-sixth avenue. 225 feet south of
Ji street, to A. Lukes; lot 75x100, on the north
west line of Athens street, 175 feet northeast
of Persia avenue, to F. Linville, and 37:Gx
114 feet on the northwest corner of M street
and Forty-eighth avenue, to W. Gerrin.
Among the minor sales reported by
Thomas Magee & Sons are the follow
ing:
For Dr. Samuel A. Boyd and wlf«, lot on
tho northeast corner of Jackson and Sprue*
streets, fronting SO feet on the northerly line
of Jackoon street with a depth of 64 feet on
the westerly line of sipruce street; for Mar
garet Fttzwllllam to Robert I* Taylor, lot on
the north Fide of Haieht stre«t. betwe«n Baker
and Lyon, 27:6xl3T:U feet, for $40CO; for Louis
Mctzger, lot on the northeast corner of Bryant
and Twenty-eecond .streets, 80x100 feet, for
$2000; for Mrs. B. O. Baldwin to Mrs. A. F.
Cochrane lot on the east side of Broderlck
street. 55 north of Union for fr_'OO; lor Fred
T. Brown, lot on the north line of Lake street,
between Fourth and Fifth avenues. 37:ttxlOO
feet, for $2000.
Sales are reported as follows by G.
H. Umbsen & Co.:
For Mrs. S. H. Morris, lot COxl27:S!4, on
the north line of Clay street, 77:6 west of
Lasuna, for $18,000; for Michael Tarn
ony, 135 and 130 Dore street, and lot 3t>:«x
S5. for JSOOO; for the Baird Estate Company,
lot T5xlU0 on the south line of Halght street,
50 feet east of Ashbury, for $8000; for A. J.
Ranken. lot 2tixl25. on the west line of San
chez street, 342 feet north of Fourteenth,
for $2600; for E. A. Williams, 25x
137:6, on the 6outh line of California street,'
181:3 .feet west of Lyon, for $2562 60;
for A. Clark, Improvements and lot on the
west line of Church street. 89 feet south of
Twenty-eighth, 25x100. for J2S0O; for
E. J. le Breton, lot 30x125. on the east line
of Belcher street. 225 feet north of Four
teenth, for $2250; for Mrs. E. McKen
zie, improvements at 20 Madison avenue and
lot 22:11x75, for $2000; for T. Thompson, lot
25x110, on the north line of Twenty-fifth
street, ICO feet west of Dolores, for
$1050; for the West Oakland ' Masonic TTsir
and - Building Association, the northeast cor
ner of Seventh and Willow streets, Oakland,
improvements consisting- of stores and lodge
rooms, for J12,<XK); for the I* Altschul estate,
the northwest corner of Townsend street and
Clarence place, Improvements and lot 80x123
for $14,400.
4S:6 fe«t weit of. Kearny, from Mr. Hanna
to a client, tor about $9C00. the prop
erty renting for $100 p«r month; lot 40x100
feet on the south west corner of FYanklln and
Sacramento atreeta to Mrs. Edward T. Bran
densteln as the cite of a fine residence, for
?15.0OO; lot 42:6x137:6 feet on the north line
of California street, 120' feet east of Baker
with fiatfl thereon, for Mrs. Charlotte • F.
Clarice to Messrs. - Bond and Morton, for
$16,000; fihe lots north of the Panhandle, In
block C$7, to a builder, who will erect six
residences on the land for sale.
WILL NOT FILE ASSETS
Hearing of Contempt Case
Is -Postponed for One
Week, Botli Sides Willing
Large and Small Sales Make Good Total.
Richmond and Sunset Districts Thrive.
Investors Seek for Income Properties
SPROAT GETS
FURTHER TIME
REPORTS OF BROKERS INDICATE
BRISK DEMAND FOR CITY REALTY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, MARCH 20, 1904.
33
XEXT SUNDAY CALJ-
This Story Is Even More Excit-
ing and Original Than Its
Striking Title Snggests.
IN" THE MATTER OP
HIS XICS.
ADV-EJATISEMENTS.
The WHITE HOUSE
Curtain' Department
V THIRD FLOOR. : V
Printed Duck Curtains, - per pair. $5.50
Bed S;ts and Table Covers to Match.
Art Tickings, - - new designs, per yard, 30C
Art TaffCtaS, - - - - - per yard, 40C
New French Cretonnes.
Large Assortment Choice Colorings, per yd. 90C
MeW Portieres, Velours and
Tapestry^ Borders, - - - - per pair, $6.50
Braided Net Curtains, - per pair, $3.75
Special Reductions.
India Rugs, 6feetx9feel i,S atl> $80.00
India Rugs, 9feetxl2 fee kS°u $155.00
Other Sizes at Proportionate Reductions.
ADVEETISEMENTS.
* ¦^ ¦
Cures Colds and
Prevents Pneumonia.
"When Grip prevails, every-
thing is Grip." It is. not neces-
sary for you to distinguish the
difference between a hard Cold
and the Grip; 'if you have In-
fluenza, Catarrh, Pains and
Soreness in the Head or Chest,
Cough, Sore Throat, General
Postration and Fever or any
of these; then Dr. Humphreys'
i, -77 »> win cure you quicker and
better than any known remedy.
Jubilee Book Mailed Free.
At druggists', 25 cents, or mailed.
Humphreys' Med. Co.; Cor. ' William & John
Streets. New York.' .
~^^^^^, ADVERTISEMENTS. ( I
gBEaKBBBBBB3B3E3RB&ZI252BE3E!SBE2BEBBBBaai2B2aEiBEB
E9
¦ * - VJ. 1% fO< r\ 1 a
3| J^™^^^« J-t^mmm^mi " JJ
1 . FOR THIS WEEK ONLY. §|
S , gj
§ J be new Spring Eton effect, neatly trimmed with the § i
g latest designed skirt, in Black and Blue and in 7 different g i
S3 niixtu.rcs. B j
I Regular Price $15.00. IJj
g Easter Price $10.00. I
Q ES
? -The new Blouse and Eton effect, with kilted skirt, in im- n '
§ ported mixtures; also in Blue and Black and the new shade of g .
¦ Brown. D j
I Regular Price $22.50. §|
s Easter Price $15.00. ||
B El '<
c Novelty Suits in the latest designs, elegantly trimmed, m 1
n 1 i-gore kilted skirt, in all shades and sizes. § s
I Regular Price $25.00. I
i Easter Price $17.50. !!
B . . B :
n 150 Suits in Black, Blue and mixed colors, trimmed with B
¦ ¦ silk braid and lace. §j j
5 Regular Price $30.00. gj
[ Easter Price $20.00. !|
c 90 Swell Suits, in Black. Blue arid Brown, in the latest B !
§ style Etons, with kilted skirts. . § j
I Regular Price $35.00. I
| Easter Price $22.50. ||
? e
B 50 Sample Suits, ranging from $27.50 to $55.00. ¦ j
I ; One-Third Off. |1
y The new Covert Cloth Coat, in the loose and pleated § i
g effect, in Tan and Black. |
1 Regular Price $13.50. |
I Easter Price $10.00. I
¦ English Covert Cloth in Tan and Castor, all sizes. . gi •
I Regular Price $17.50. I;
I Easter Price $12.50. 'I
B . ?
a French Covert Cloth in the latest designs. . B j
I Regular Price $22.50. f
3 Easter Price $15.00. 1
c s m
I Silk Etons and Pleated Evening Coats from $10.00 to §
g $35.00. ' I
3 850 Walking Skirts will be sold below manufacturing H
S cost from $1.00 to $7.50. g
J _ 600 Dress Skirts in Black and Blue and Brown, ranging |
n from $3.50 to $20.00. ° g
§ Etamine and Crepe de Chine from $7.50 to $35.00. q
¦ All Skirts will be ONE-THIRD OFF for Easter week only. ¦
]| Wholesale Manufacturers gj
1 1142-1146 Market Street. g
BBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBUBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBWaaB
Clt Costs You Nothing^
I That You Can Save I
m Money, time, trouble when planning
Jf your trip to St. Louis or Chicago by ik
6 using the Union Pacific. We have 1|
frj through trains, fine tourist cars, splen- If
S did scenery. See 1
I S. F. BOOTH, General Agent, I
y&L I Montgomery Street, M
Or any Southern Pacific Agent. j£&
THE WEEKLY CALL. $1 PER YEAR
ADVERTISEMENTS.
t|jK?4 PIANO BARGAINS^
JjlllJss Mostly used pianos that have been taken in trade for Deckers, Lcs- fer§^ ]
|||g2 ters, Hazelton, Kimball, and Hallett & Davis instruments. Each one has been \£gi|f8
liliia overhauled by practical piano players. Any weak string replaced with a ©JfeJ^HJla
P^||-1h new one. Badly discolored keys renewed; in a word, the pianos put in
lliijj%|a the most perfect condition their age will merit, and many of them are not
B»js£a|a at all ola. • .JJBy
f||g|3|| These are the pianos to get for the children who must start their mu-
i*5fj||| sical education, and some of them are so fine that they will be befitting
any fine home. 3s.
i^^^^^* These are great bargains for anybody who has not a piano, or who '
ggji|||gJ2i has i*6c for a second one.
|i||lE§$Kl Any .can be paid for in monthly parts, putting piano-ownership within rfSSp
K^W^Say ,- t i ie reach of everybody. V raJJil
reps •' 44- Every one should sell to-morrow. Come as early as possible, or talk y KJT \|
k|S% to us over the phone and make reservation of a piano until train or trol- Ira^ \ ttSg
E'^wik ley lands you here. fE^k. Vrlf l
Bsfia Piano needs are progressing. Not that one's wealth, but that one's* ISA TEE&
Igjl^wk advance in musical appreciation requires a piano. \ vsjj&k vrofi
Rga And the exchanging of pianos will keep on while the business endures. \M(2» l|»
wigA >\ Nobody wears one out; instead it is traded in part payment for a new i§f&-
iiiik model or for one of the better makes.
£$&gfik \ This list is worthy of careful reading, and the sale must be attended I^sSmI&sI
Isplljlja promptly. We will have 'all these pianos sold in a "jiffy." W-re&F-sS*
lifiis&fa From the homes of California taken in part payment for a new small iH&lyS
sPUwlaL Hazelton or Decker grand or upright piano or Kimball or Lester or kPv'^HS"
r^utfS v9^£u iialictt & .Davis make. * ¦ ~: ... vO^Q*^2§Mf '
{Skcs Isfs Sj»J»o for a $250 Bord upright, of famous French make. ra«*B\y
gglsi W« lj»7S for a $400 Carl Roenisch upright. % igfcJKy
jgffea $100 for a $500 Sohmer upright, ebonized case. / f|p!';|
w$§MB $JO."> for a 5450 Frances Bacon, plain ebonized case. snti
IBifffiSa ? S?iISr» for a S500 Fischer upright. M«37
BEJSfift JpHJ.I for a S500 Mathushek. in rosewood case. P^f
HsSnl J*>l(>0 for a S275 Smith & Barnes; payable $10 down and $5 a mcoth. i/*$*
E||a|r* J?2S3 for a $400 Vose, standard size. * Vt:.m
g|gy%a for a $350 Bruenn, large size, in fancy mahogany case. f^^
|§2|]|SI S-1S for a $400 Hallett & Davis. *V.*S|
||iKi|sk J?187 for a S400 Jacob Doll. '{
|||||ip£ $-57 for a S550 Decker upright. • ic£ r /
gE|&[|a| $22." for a $500 Chickering, standard size. ¦&"/
|l||vjRS$ :?2S5 for a S500 Kimball upright, ebonized case. f^ga
|L Jra iSik J?12.% for a $250 Pianola; old model. - %fira
t*l«ll! iH*y *^ 1 7 ** * or a 5o P' an °l a « nearly new. gfSfl
wlisMfiiiyk S?21O for a $275 Angelus; very slightly used. V " Hj
<^^^ :?1I?T» for a $^50 Harmonist. A sample player. r^iHl
J?H»3 for a $250 Regal. An excellent instrument. kS ; I*!\
-li\ Pommer-Eilers Music Co. i|B9
WL* 653 Market St Opp. Chronicle Building. |p||rThe Board of Health yesterday pe
titioned the ' Supervisors to amend the
ordinance relative to the milk stand
ard so that the." standard of butter fat
in. milk-be raised' from 3.2- to 3.5 in
accordance- with a resolution adopted
by the Health Board at its. last meet-
To Raise ' Milk Standard.
Precita Parlor has elected P. J.
Curtis, J. M. Hanley and J.M. Hlckey
as delegates and L. H. Q. P. MyeV, L. S.
Earles and A. Worrnser. alternates.
In South San Francisco' Parlor there
were five candidates for tne three po
sitions to be filled and the contest was
a very exciting one, not .being closed
until nearly midnights .The following
named were elected: P. P.Stumpf, M.
H.. Squires and B. Lagrave.
At no time in the history of the Na
tive Sons of the Golden West has there
been so much interest taken In the
selection of delegates to a Grand Par
lor as there is this year. And all this
because there is to be an election this
year for a grand secretary. The can
didates are C. H. Turner, the incum
bent; George H. J. Dryden and Fred
H. Jung, with possibly one or two
more, who are being held in reserve.
It is the talk of the order .in this city
that when Dryden goes toValleJo to
enter the contest he^ will be accom
panied by Abe Ruef, who "will man
age his fight for him."
Stanford Parlor has' elected as its
delegates William D. Hynes, Thomas
15. Hlckey, John Van Nostrand and
Fred H. Jung, with Jay T. Nash, R. H.
Schlueter, Charles D. Steiger and A.
F. Schleicher as alternates.
Grand Parlor Delegates.
B.F.£toU. dentist: Haiebt & Masonic «.»«.*
Evidently the young folks take advan
tage of tjie low -prtceB. They seem to
know that the prices will double after
the first of May. when the Pattosien
Store will be no more. •
1*hcy Must Reach Realization Before j
jlhe First of. May.
It is rumored that many weddings will
be celebrated between now and the first
of May. The authority for this state
ment Is Mr. Pattosleh. corner Sixteenth
and Mission streets, who states that
ev«r bo many young folks have been and
are daily buying Furniture. Carpets and
Draperies, and leave them at the store
until the first of May, when the store
closes. I
CUPID'S PRANKS.
Four persons died and several were
made critically 111 as a consequence of
eating food supplied by a cookery
school attached to the Grand Duchess
Alice Institute for Women at Darm
stadt.
The tragic death of Major William H.
Bean at Omaha on Wednesday has
caused a sensation in army and society
circles here, where he was well known
and highly esteemed. No possible rea
son for his act can be ascribed. A sud
den derangement of the mind caused
by ill health is the only possible solu
tion. • Major Bean was in the class of
'86 at West Point, and leaving there
went into the Second Cavalry, which
was then stationed at the Presidio. He
at once took a prominent position at
the post and became a shining light in
social affairs. lie was fond of club life
and spent much of his leisure time in
the Pacific-Union Club, of which he
was a member. He was a bright, dash
ing, intellectual and brilliant, officer.
He took a great interest in all
public questions and national af
fairs. He interested himself to
a large extent in the Balboa boulevard
scheme. In 1889 he was ordered to Har
rlsburg, Pa., where he was at once'ap
pointed to the Governor's staff. When
the Johnstown flood occurred he- was
sent to that place In charge of troops
to assist the sufferers. In 1900 he went
to the Prilippines, being then in the
subsistence department. He remained
there two years, and on his return spent
some , time in San Francisco renewing
old acquaintances. At the time of his
death he was chief commissary of the
Department of the Missouri, with head
quarters at .Omaha. A few years ago
he married one of the belles of Phila
delphia, and the marriage is reported
to have been happy in every way. He
was the son of Colonel Bean, who was
on the staff of General Merritt during
the Civil War and who, like his son,
took his own life several years ago.
The Philippine scouts are attracting a
great deal of attention at the PresMio.
Although there was no drill yesterday
the camp on the hill where they are
stationed was visited by a large num
ber of town people, who evinced great
interest in the doings of the little brown
strangers. What strikes the onlooker*
forcibly is ¦ the uniformity of stfze and
the great"similarity in complexion. The
band came in for a great deal of praise,
and while they only succeeded in ren
dering a small portion of their pro
gramme, owlng^ to the storm which j
suddenly broke. In upon them, when i
they didsplay they brought out unllm- I
ited enthusiasm from the listeners. •
They will drill Monday on the parade i
grounds In front of the general hos
pital between 3 and 4 o'clock, and at 5 !
o'clock they will give dress parade, and j
the band "will play during the cere- j
mony. • . . j
The War Department has appointed I
the following board to meet at the Pre- j
sidio for the examination . of officers to
determine their fitness for promotion:
Major William Stephenson, Major John .
Blgelow Jr., Captain John T. Nance,'
Captain John B. Christian, Lieutenant
Tragic End of Major Bean
Topic of Conversation in
Club and Army Circles
Young Ladies' Institute No. 1 will
give an entertainment on Thursday
evening at Golden Gate Hall. The
committee in charge has arranged a
programme of unusual interest, which
will begin at 8 o'clock sharp. Danc
ing will wind up the festivities of the
evening. Miss Margaret Peacock 13
chairman and Miss Mary E. Curley
secretary of the society.
Offer Interesting Prosrainmc.
DEATH CAUSES
MUCH COMMENT
Mrs. D. A. Curtin announces spring
millinery opening at 220 Powell st. •
Edward P. Rockhlll and Lieutenant E.
L. Cox.
The noonday Lenten services, which, :
for several years ' past, have been
in the rooms of the Chamber
of Commerce under the auspices of the
St. Andrew's Brotherhood of the Epis
copal Church, will be held this year,
as usual, beginning to-morrow at
12:15 p. m. and continue until Satur- .
day, when the Bishop of California will
deliver an address. j
On Monday Dr. Benjamin Ide Wheel- ;
er, president of the University of Call- !
fornia, will speak on "Righteous Clti- j
zenship in Office." Tuesday Walter
Macarthur will consider the same sub- I
joct in relation to the "Shop." Wednes- '•
day Rev. P. W. Clampett, D.D., will
discourse on the same theme "In the '
Home." Dr. David Starr Jordan, I
president of Stanford University, will
continue the discussion on Thursday, !
choosiqg for his theme "Righteous
Citizenship in Public Spirit." and Nor- !
ton P. Chinman will consider the sub- •
ject "In the Vote." Bishop . Nichols* j
subject on Saturday will be "In the j
Church." \
Commerce Rooms.
Addresses on "Righteous Citizenship" :
to Be Delivered in Chamber of j
AVILIj HOLD L.EXTEX
SERVICES x\T NOON HOUR
Swell pamphlets are being printed by Edw
B. Knowles. 24 Second *t. •
Dance at Pavilion.
Spider Kelly gave a dance at Me
chanics' Pavilion last night. It at
tracted one of the largest crowds of
the season. '
Stole a Gold Bracelet.
Tee Hip. whs was charged with
grand larceny, but was allowed to
plead guilty to petty larceny, was sen
tenced by Judge Dunne yesterday to
serve ninety days in the County Jail.
He and Jue Lim stole a gold bracelet
from the store of Gim Hi on Dupont
street on August 21. Jue Lim received
a similar sentence on Tuesday.
Mrs. A. H. Hartwig. 4 55 Hill street,
was discovered In an unconscious con
dition in her room yesterday. The
woman had attached a rubber tube to
the gas jet and inserted the other end
in her mouth. She had evidently in
tended to end her life. She was re
moved to the City and County Hos
pital, where she is recovering.
Woman Attempts Suicide.
A team belonging to M. Blaskower,
cigar importer, yesterday bolted on
Powell street. Policeman Smith Carr
struck the near horse on the nose with
his left hand and hit it a resounding
whack on the forehead with his club,
knocking it down. This ended the
flight. %
Stops Runaway Team.
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralr'a.
DnisgUu. SOc flask. Richard & Co.. 406 Clay.*
Only a few weeks more and the entire
¦tock of Furniture, Carpets and Draper
ies will be sold out at the great sale,
which will socn end at Pattosien's, cor
ner Sixteenth and Mission streets. No
one should wait, as the first of May the
big store will !>« closed. •
Pattosien's Great Furniture Sale Soon
to End.
R. H. Countryman, who owns eleven
shares of the stock of the Pacific
Oyster Company, yesterday filed a
suit against S. U. Darbee, T. B. .Rus
sell and F. C. Iramel, directors of the
concern. Countryman was defeated
for the office of director at a meeting
of stockholders held March 8 last and
wants the court to declare that his
defeat was obtained by unfair means
by the defendants.
Oystermen Still Quarreling.
A suit for taxes paid under protest
was filed yesterday by C. A.. Warren
against City Treasurer McDougald.
The amount involved. $803 53. was
paid to the city by Warren to prevent
the sale for non-payment of taxes of
property between Howard and Fol
som, Ninth and Tenth streets, which
Warren claims is public thoroughfare
known as Caroline street and there
fore non-assessable.
Sues to Recover Taxes.
Seven Pines Circle No. 3, Ladies of
the Grand Army, gave a reception on
the occasion of its last held meeting
this week to Mrs. Martha J. Finch,
one of its past presidents, who will
shortly leave for an extended trip
through the East. The guest of the
evening was presented a number of
tokens, ajso beautiful flowers, to prove
the estimation to which she is held
by the members. Mrs. Finch ex
pressed her regrets at being obliged to
say good-by and part from those with
whom she had spent so many pleas
ant evenings, but said that during her
absence her thoughts would often re
vert to Seven Pines Circle and the pa
triotic and charitable work in which
it Is engaged. After that there was a
pleasant evening, with musical and
literary numbers, and light refresh
ments were served.
Bids Past President Good-By.
The United States is not the only
Government that Is feeling a little
nervous about the big guns on its war
ships.. The new British 9.2-inch gun is
not coming up to expectations. ,
Several hundred , members/of: the
Vereln Eintracht, all In fancy < cos
tumes, held their grand annual-pri
vate maseuerade ball at Eintracht
Hall last night. The rain and. wind
did not keep many at home,' though
some of the gay-colored dresses were
wilted by the downpour. At 12 o'clock
Masked Dancers 3Iake Merry.
sharp the masks were removed. Music
was furnished by members of the
Musicians* Union of this city.
When the case was called and the
prisoner was asked If he had .any
thing to say why sentence should not
be passed upon hlfn Attorney Alford
replied that there was no legal cause
at that time to show why the judg
ment of the court should not be pro
nounQed, but he had a request to
make. On behalf of the prisoner's
mother and sisters he would ask that
he be sent to San Quentin instead of
Folsom, so that they would have the
opportunity of visiting him from time
to time.
The Judge complied with the re
quest In passing sentence. Attorney
Roche then asked for a stay of twen
ty days. He said the prisoner's moth
er had met with a serious accident on
the day the verdict was rendered
against him and the stay was asked
so that she might be able to see.him
before he was sent to San Quentin.
The Judge granted the stay.
The crime for which the prisoner
was sentenced , was a, cold-blooded
murder. He had been paying his ad
dresses to Miss Jordan, but she had
asked him to stop calling upon her.
On the day of the murder he. met her
as she was on her way.. home to lunch,
walked with her to her mother's res
idence, opened the gate for her and
deliberately shot her dead. Even as
she lay on the ground, after being
shot three times," he fired another bul
let into her body. Then he turned
the revolver on himself, inflicting a se
rious wound. At the trial a strong
effort was made to show "that he .was
temporarily insane at the time of the
shooting and the jury compromised by
convicting him of murder in the first
degree, with the penalty of imprison
ment for life. * i
Sentence of imprisonment for the
term of his natural life was passed
upon Edmond de Labrousse by Judge
Dunne yesterday for the murder of
Miss Marie Jordan In front * of ¦ her
mother's residence on Sacramento
street, near Hyde, on September 29,
1903. While sentence was being pass
ed upon him the prisoner stood In the
dock with bowed head and seemed
thoroughly resigned to his fate.
The Rev. Father F.S. Welch, the
Rev. Father V. L. O'Daniels and the
Rev. Father T.. C. Clancy assisted in
the ceremony, which took' place at 7
o'clock in the morning. - -
Pontifical mass was celebrated ' by
his Grace Archbishop Montgomery,
during which the young Dominicans
received their ecclesiastical orders.
The parents and numerous friends
of the newly ordained- deacons* were
present at the ceremony, also many of
their brother Dominicans. • O
- Brother Raphael Corcoran, Brother
Basil Kenny and Antoninus. Lewis,
who were raised to the sub-deacon
ship on Friday morning by 'Archbishop
Montgomery, were yesterday, morning
advanced to the dignity of deacons by
his Grace at St. Dominic's Church.
Request That He Be Sent
to San Quentin for Moth
er's Sake Complied With
Friends and Relatives of
Honored Men Present at
the Impressive Services
MANY PRIESTS ASSIST
DESIGNED TO HIS FATE
Young Brothers Are Raised
to Dignity of Sub Deacons
byArchbishopMontgomery
Slayer of Mss Marie Jor
dan Makes His Final Ap
pearance Before Public
ELEVATES TRIO
OF DOMINICANS
LIFE SENTENCE
FOR LABROUSSE
THE SAN FRANCISCO^ GADL^ : SUNDAY. ". MARCH , 20, 1904.
34
- ' » - * •.
The Value of Consulting the
Wonderful Gypsy
Seeress.
Volumes could be written of the al- this Coast and thousnnd* n f ~ ? V ,
most miraculous cures performed by Is- men and women testify to the : crfat ku/i l
max, the Egyptian mystic and seeress. Khe^possesses. both as a healer and clalr-
-^^ — - J: ?*v Many of the cases cured by her wpm
/^^rg^v, Previously pronounced incurable * or l>er-
/ ¥£-££(} 'ilytt^ 4£$M\- blK; is continually locatinc lost trA,
$W£< the wonders of our time. ol
v '' rjk^y'J^^^^S y j! £^V p t« 0U are slokt don>t dc «P a ir until you
fiffj ' ;i ' \ of you would C know yo^V future!' Ismar
/£&%& %/ J V i\ correctly delineate it to you?
(mK<Jfi1?^0^&- A * '*£*& r sw 1 e f re > d 0 ?or" n $ t 1 . Ca y. un Th I r 1 ?2
I V^l^iShS^^^r i'''\ / rpadlr^ 55. Send money by WeU J-Fargo
ft >V£2*&f ii ¦ > A : Oc r^ -" ~" ? ' - * <^P ; Iet^cr. Rooms S and 10. 1104 Mirkot
\ ™$&$ : ' t W^^Jsl -' ; ' treet< San F^ncisco. Phone South 11 4 ]
• {*.&&& *>^WSfciRsCi • Office hours, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m?; Sundava
1 l **¦¦ 10 a. m. to 12 m. ' '; "T, y -*
From all over America, and even from RFUfADF of unscrumilnm '..' i,,- .¦
Germany. England and Australia, come BtWAKE who' arf JttPmntin.,'? • i 8
testimonials attesting her great power, tate Ismar. The onfy " en^lno Is^ar^
Her came is a Household word all over located at the above address.
AD VEBTISEMENTS. -
Ladies v Underwe|ar
To-morrow (Monday) we will offer a great inducement
r in our Muslin Underwear Department— an attraction which
will prove to be the best offering that we have ever made.
We presume that you are already familiar with the fact
that we manufacture all our muslin undf""~~'~"'nts in our
own .workrooms, using: only the aB^A.
best materials and. trimmings, gagl Pat
and the workmanship is superior
to undergarments sold else- bBs~»J&
¦ - Special Sale of
$3.00 Night Gowns /m^fe;
LA D I ES' N I GHT G O VV NS— (1 '" , \\ I }
Chemise style, '; as , illustrated; <|f|ft$NM\ \M MKl
made of imported nainsook; " ¦ v ifiS """Ty { ' i AMmM^
front and back of yoke trimmed I •. \\WW
with a fine quality of embrbid- \ |V'* !h^
cry; ornamented/with wash rib- , A IV i i \ rJHU
. bon. One *6f bur best V$j.oo f\ Y\ \\ iW
values.,, ¦' 'pile- sale to- tf A '7C I t. l\ * ' ' *
morrow* ¦jpnly'.'i.'! . ."I.".- J j f%A \ >' .-
Only two' gowns will be. sold to .-eacit customer. - ; i ;¦ t
*d$$j23k. Magnin's Superb Easter
"^^^^!. Display of
'5ef •>». Children's s Misses'
// ; ?«g^\ White Dresses
// / ¦*^t^!!!^f i \ ¦ ¦ of batiste,/ voiles,
lit 4^**!*j!^££~3kk nun's veiling, fine lawns,
//j4*^^^5jessrB*^^^ wash nets and organdies;
//^mi^S3^^^^^^\ sizes from io to 18 year?.
//(*W&\V WHITE LAWN DRESS-
/^¦-.•^8S^Kw«r \ V x s ~ We " made and cffec "
S^j^^ofe **%Jn3s&l J 4>/u»u)U upward.
-^^^^^^^X WHITE ORGANDY
DRESSES -Neitly trimmed;
\-v\ v '^ct •PU»Vv upward.
V : Wv\ WASH NET DRESSES—
.. Entirely new . and practical.
ly . i^jp \ v.vv upward.
New Spring Millinery
for Children
Beautiful ;creations. direct from Paris, in addition to
copies of foreign models made in our own workrooms. All
the new materials are represented, and you will find by in-
specting our line thatjthe prices are verv reasonable.
N<ew Summer t MS(k
The sloping shoulder effect is a
prominent feature 'of thisj season's . . <A
newest modes: - Our line is almost • »^--i
unlimited, embodying hundreds of \J?¥frS?Htr*^
exclusive and fascinating styles,. . /^HgBWS§fff^f\
made of the mos^ fashionable, silks \W$M*i$*Li \
and washable materials; both ma- J/p| pn^fJcW^ \
chine and. hand-made- /yjfi^UcaMv* \
SPFCIAI'' /lliaifivo* I
LADIES' WAIST, as illustrated; / ifl/Vjl^y
made of fine Persian {-lawn; wide I
tucks and doubl. box plait in cen- \ /\ 1$^$$$^.
ter, trimmed, with embroidery in- . V^c^vB^i 1 < 3l^M
sertion., Regular ' price $4*.<io. &">S?'^^H
Special for to-morrow.. C*5 f\t\ YrWFWsk
Tea Gowns, Wrappers aind Negligees
Women who desire'garments for house wear that possess
character and individuality, will find a superb arrav of ex-
clusive and exquisite designs he/e. 'Made of silk and wool
.. crbpe, albatross. fancy ; Japanese' crepe, Rumchunder silk,
India silk, all-over lace, new figured net and figured challies.
Prices very, attractive..-
918-922 Market St:
;0UR NEW 64-PAGE SPRING AND SUMMER CATALOGUE 5 •
: -, will be sent free.- ; /-^ V i: >.H/; ->. "-\ . . ¦:¦¦¦".-.;¦-, -,
ADVEBTISEMENT& ,--..¦
House Furnishing Goods
Our stock or goods In tUls department is most com-
plete, We ara now ottering splendid values In LACE
CURTAINS, PORTIERES, BLANKETS. COMFORTERS,
BEDSPREADS, TABLE COVERS, TABLE LINENS, NAP-
KINS, TOWELS, TOWELING, SHEETS, SHEETINGS
and PILLOW CASES, As we earn] onlu tne lest Brands
and makes Of the above goods, and being direct im-
porters, our customers can relu on getting the lowest
Eight Specimen Values.
<!£/! *SA ( TAPESTRY PORTIERES in both plain
V^" #^" J colors and rigured, 3# uards long,
Pair. ( with handsome fringe top and bottom.
<£*) ff A ( REVERSIBLE TAPESTRY TABLE COV-
VfciOU J ERS, 2 cards sojuare, fringed all
Each. ' around In a full varletu of colorings.
QQ £f\ ".-( MADRAS NET BOBINET and CABLE
\pO.iJU ] LACE CURTAINS, In white, ecru and
Pair. ( Arabian, 15 entlpelu new designs.
4>*% ffft ( WHITE MARSEILLES BEDSPREADS,
<t|)O«DU j run size fop double b3ds, Tern hand-
Each. ' some designs, bemm3d ready for use.
<££ ftft ( FINE WHITE CALIFORNIA BLANKETS,
*JW»"" ] size for large bads and eitrafine
Pair. (. aualitu.
$ta r\n MRISH SATIN DAMASK TABLE LINEN,
§ . 00 ) ful1 72 lnches wlde ' 12 different de ~
Y * ri ) signs; dinner size napkins to match'
' aiUl ( each design, $3.00 dozen.
(O 00 j BLEACHED LINEN HUCK TOWELS, full
¦ V • Doz. I size, both hemmed and hemstitched.
/ BLEACHED DOUBLE DAMASK LINEN
<£Q fl.fl TABLE CL0THS.2 yards Wide and 2#
*pO.O4J I yards long, 8 different designs; large
Each. size dinner napkins to match each
, design, S3. 50 dozen. .
% m, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STR££f.
-EXPEBT OPTICIAN.
Insanity
&&<! many bodily ills
**Sgg§Bp^ are oftea th« retult of
«SS*^ EYE STRAIN
Eve Beauty Eye Health
A Clear Eye '
Eve Rest Eye Comfort
OAXT BE ATTAIKEO BT XTSIWO
GEORGE MAYERLE'S German Eyewater, the
greatest eye remedy In the world; perfectly
harmless: for, infants and adults. .Makes weak
eyes strong. . sore eyes well. Rest tired eye*.
Price 50 cents: by mall 62 cents.
HIGHEST OPTICAL SKZI.Ii.
G'eorge Mayerle's reading, working and dis-
tance glasses strengthen the eyes and brain,
relieve the strain and preserve the sight.
These Glasses ere invarJab'y rrcotn-
mended by every wearer. ¦.
SOMETHING NEW
Georjte Mayerle's' Antiseptic Eyeglass Wipers
givt classes a soothing and strengthening^ ef-
fect. ' Instantly relieve the atraln. blurring
and ttrlnjr of the. eyes. Do not scratch the
lenses. Give bright and clear vision. Price
15c, 2 for 25c. Samples by mail, 15c.
George %$mi§i&5 Mayerle
German Exsert Optician, opposite Hibsrnia
Bank. 1071 Market st. Eyes
EXAMINED FREE
Open erenlnrs until 0.
¦ ; „ > , '. - . CUT THIS OUT.
ADVESTISEMENTS.
A BIG SALE OF
BLACK DRESS GOODS
Begins to-morrow (Monday) morning. No room here to give the
fabrics justice or explain the great saving opportunity. We will let
fhe price statement and the description tell their own story and
urge you to come, and see for yourself. That's the best way.
Remember, it's to-morrow.
$L00 BlacK Iron Frame Mohair, 50c Yard.
Extra heavy— silk gloss finish— 51 inches wide— a deep, fast
black; also new blue, navy, gold brown and oxford gray— tZQ c '
nobby for shirt waist suits. Sale price, yard *JVi*-
$L50 BlacK Chiffon Etamine, 95c Yard.
All pure wool— silk finish— 45 inches w ide. Guaranteed QCZq
fast black. Sale price, per yard ?u\*
$1.00 BlacK Fancy Voiles, 59c Yard. .
Soft and sheer material; width 38 inches, new stylish effects —
a guaranteed black with a silky finish. Seven different styles rn_
to choose from. Sale price, per yard \... *J^\*
SILK~SALE.
Two extra specials for the week— the kind that set those' who
appreciate values to thinking.
$1.00 BlacK Taffeta, 69c Yard.
27-inch pure finish BJack Taffeta; regular $1.00 value. fZQ c
Sale price, per yard v^w
75c Pongees, 50c Yard.
27-inch plain and silk figured pongees — very attractive tZftf,
goods in great demand. Sale price, per yard.' t/l/C^
GARMENT SPECIALS^$25.00 Suit, $20.00.
Fancy mixed tailor-made suit. New Eton style, with cape and
uimmed with fancy silk braid; a large assortment °^<^Of) f)f)
light and dark mixtures to select from. Sale price *p£U»UU
$15.00 JacKct, $10.00.
Tan Covert Cloth Jacket, tailor stitched. Collar and cuffs.
Made with the latest sleeve and silk lined. This jacket C//1 f)f)
also comes in black cheviot. Sale price %plU»UU
$4.50 India SilK Waist, $3.50.
White India Silk Waist, fancy trimmed with lace insertion and
full pouch sleeve. Made of extra heavy quality of silk. QQ tZfk
Sale price &O.OU
50c Cushion Cover, 25c Each.
Special cushion cover, tinted in dogwood, chrysanthemum, car-
nation, violets and conventional, all new groupings, already stamped
to be worked, very handsome when made up. They are com- o /r_
plete with back and ruffle. Regularly 50c Special price. ...
Demonstration by an Expert Demonstrator of the Famous
"Pcrcilla" SKirt and Waist Holder.
Commenting Monday morning we will demonstrate to our
patrons how to use the famous "Percilla" Skirt and Waist
Holder, of which we are already selling great quantities.
Everybody is invited to see this demonstration, which will be
Riven in the most prominent part of our store.
15c Kimona HandKcrchicfs, 8c Each.
All our Kimona Handkerchiefs in fancy designs and colored
borders, the entire line to be closed out. Regularly 15c q
each. Sale price OC
Get thcnew^McCall's Fashion Sheet for April Free of Charge.
ADVZBTISEMENTS.
Oriental Goods
At Wholesale Prices
Wm Otttt Onx Jatlro £x«x» Tla» Co>
itctloa of
Oriental Rugs
AND CURTAINS
At 25 PerCent
We arc sola agent* tar
JOHN CROSSLEY & SON'S
CELEBRATED ENGLISH CARPETS
;Chas JI. Plum & Co.
t Cor. 9th and Market Sts.
|j| Chocolates W|
|v Bonbons Jl I
| Given Away Free 1
II Witl > e,
| Teas. Coffees, Strices |
I BakingJ?owder |
It Pays to J
I Trade at 1
1 Great Amsrican Importing Tea Co's !
I Stores I
M 861 Market 210 Grant at. 1«3 p.tv !
I J« Sixth . isiaD^ri^d^ TOLSdaH
I Sf e ??| i *^ t SC06 Sixteenth «55 Hw, C
Bmmnjjj.£ELLL!L..iiiii * S3Ffmrtix 8CHAIRMAN AND 3IEMBERS OF DEMOCRATIC STATE CO3niITTEE ; ALSO TWO OF THE IXSURGEXTS TIL\T REVOLTED AGAINST PR0GR.\3OIE OF BOSSES.
- It Is not the Santa Fe cheap rates to
[the Sl Louis Worlds Fair that mats
I everybody wish to go that way.. Tbe real
I reason is that the trains do not Jar or
racSt the nerves: the trainrne-n are polite
and help women and children, and irt
every way It is the Comfortable Way.
The reduced rate ts good ot» the finest
trains. If interested, ask »bout it at «41
Market street. San Francisco. SanU Fe
The Comfortably Way.
Burt Short pleaded guilty la Judga
Dunne's court yesterday to two
charges of burglary and was ordered
to appear for sentence on March 23.
He broke into the room of W. G.
Howard at 300 Satter street on De
cember 24 and the room of Mrs. R. A.
Keener. 620 Turk street, on Decem
ber 20- Hugo Forrest, charged. wltli
burglary, was allowed to plead guilty
to an attempt to commit burglary and
was ordered to appear for sentence on
March 25. He is accused of breaking
into the shop of Fred Gunther. horse
shoer. 512 Gough street, on Septem
ber 21.
Burslars Plead Guilty.
While the nominal purpose of the
ineetingr was to adopt a call for the
State convention, tlie conraitteemen
»-ere not permitted to lose sight of
the fact that the r I object of bring
ing them there was to put them on
record as favoring W. RT Hearst's can
didacy for the Presidency. The mat
ter of the call was therefore kept care
fully in t£e background until the pro-
f>»olved. By t^e IXmocratic fitate Cectrel
Onnmlttee in m«^Unr assembled. That w«
express ocr reverence for the memories cf
great Caltfomiacs; that we ecmmesd
tteir honcrable careers to the emulation of
the rcuth of the land, and that we recognize
in the^- deaths an irreparable less to the
party. th« Ettte and the nation.
HEARST RESOLimOXS.
M. F. Cochrane of Marin County
rose at once to present the following
rcemorial resolutions, which were
adopted by a standing vote, after they
iia.4 been amended to include the name
of the late John McCarthy of ismti
Clara County:
Whereas. It tas pleased Alnirtfcy God in his
irriiute wisdom to remove trom earth within
tie cast few nsar.th* Thomas J. Ohinle. Wil
liam D. E=rU«h and BT. W. Foote. emiaett
citizen* cf. California and lea£-*rs in the ac
tive wcrk. cf tie Democratic party; and
Y.*b*reas. Each, rhowed in public cfSc* and
in crivaxe stattcn -u :n an honesty of pcrpose
and racii a hSjrh regard for the dignity of cttj
srrahlp Uvat t» *£d*il chcrr to tfce came Dem
ocrat a— d the title "American"; therefore b* it
I>« than half the members of the
State committee were in their seats
when Chairman Eerr.ard D. Murphy
cf San Jose rapped for crier. Many
proxies ha-I previously been fiied with
Secretary A I MeCabe. but a large
number of vacancies would sti!l have
appeared on the roll call had not this
b«een dispensed with. After brte2y
statirig the object of the meeting the
chairman asked the pleasure of the
committee.
Introduces Rootations That Arouse
Many of tbe Delegates.
CAMLVETTI OPENS THE BALL.
"All in favor the the adoption of
these resolutions will say 'aye/ "
shouted Chairman Murphy as soon as
the paper had been read and without
offering an opportunity for debate.
The attempt to shut off discussion,
however, was quickly stopped by
James H. Barry of this city, editor of
the Star.
"Mr. Chairman," he interrupted, "is
thi* thins to be rushed through with
out debate?"
"Tou can be heard if you wish,**
said Warhorse Murphy meekly, con
scious that he had been caught in the
act
"Well, sir," said Barry, **I want to
protest * against this attempt to use
BARRY STARTS FIGHT.
Revived. Tiat we h^r»bv Indorse the can
didacy of VTlIiUm Randolph Hearst fcr Presi
dent of the United States, and we respectfslly
nqtiest the next Democratic convention of the
State cf California, to Instruct Its a>!es*t»s
to the National Democratic Convention to
cait their vctes for and ose all honorably
means to procure the nomination of William
Randolph Hearst for PresM-rt of the Cnited
States.
gramme of the boomers had been car
ried out. This, however, was not done
without a deal of straining and creak
ing on the part of the machine, in
spite of all the time and effort that
had been devoted to the careful oil
ing of that ancient apparatus. The
fight in the committee afforded a faint
foretaste of -what may be expected
when th« recalcitrants set their knives
working in the State convention.
A. Caminetti. the Amador County
statesman, had been selected to start
the fun and he did this by offering
the following resolutions, which were
promptly seconded by Frank Freeman
of Glenn County:
Where**, V.'t are bejir.niny a campaign la
which the cr>.at political pcrtlM will once
Ecr* contend for national supremacy: aa<i
Wherea*. Tise I>tmoCTacy of California.
faithful i!ws-s to the simple but immortal
prtncip»e» of Jefferson, ts shocked at the re
cent attecpts to undermine aaJ destroy those
principles; arc 1
Wherea* Th« Re;ubUcxn <--gjr.iziV.ca is
tn« la»trur:c=t choa«!n fcr this wcrlt of under
rr.-.-'.r.z and distraction; asd
Whireas, T*e Democracy cf th* aalioa <3e
cajvl* as Its car.il. I«.t« fcr President a man
irho is the esibolimect cf the intelligent oppc
•ition to thlM a-Uecist to substlt-jte chicanery
tor sisiple bcaest/. and a, i^veras^ent by class
for a. corenureat by tl:e people; and
¦Wn<?rea*. C^IiJoreia. r.-as the blrthplac* and
fcr nisy years the home cf William Ilandolph
Hearst, a trllliar.t r>tr:o«-rat. now service In
Cot!4i'ja» fr«a New Tork — a Democrat dls
tlncttisbed aa a, leader aad thinker, w to re
cently has torn from tfce criminal trusts tne
oaik of hen»«t bcainess enterprise: and
Wfc:r*as, WfUiaai Randolph Hearst has
ihcwn hiins«lf the fr>r.d of the plain people
aid th<« forceful ccaispioa cf a. true Democracy.
and '. now a candidate for President of the
t'nited States, subject to th* actlcn cf ti«
National Democratic <ruTirentian. to Ire held In
St. Ltrais on the eth £m.7 cf July. 1304: and
WTiereaa. Th« Democratic Stat« Central Con-
B3lU»» or the State cf Califorcia !s cf the
opinion that William Randolph Hearst Is th"
tsaa to carry the Democratic bar.aer to vic
tory, and that, tf elected President, he win
restore to th* nition a rovernment founded
upon the principles laid down by Jefferson
a-ui th* fathers, and c»7Tiduct«d upon a business
ba»i«: now. therefcra b; It
Edward E. Leake, editor of . the
Woodland Democrat, had. come down
from Yolo County equipped with a
large can of vitriol," which he pro
ceeded forthwith to empty, into the
wounds made by the San Francisco
editor. Leake was armed with a grip
full of proxies from Democratic com
raitteemen^in the interior who -knew
hia keen" ir - -nory for Hearst's " party
This was hot shot and well aimed. |
The assembly held its breath at Bar- [
ry*s audacity, trying- to guess what [
punishment might be severe enough
to fit his crime. None of the Hearst
faction got up courage to strike back
at Barry before the blows had been
driven home by another of .the un
manageables.
LEAKE RUBS IT EV.
you may ilo her 1 ?. I warn you That th± rank
ar.<4 file o£ tho- Dirty will not listen to you
The Democrats of ¦ tbta State carry their, sov
eretsnty vrwW tJ^ir hats. . Year carefully ar
rar-yd crocramrre ¦will amount to nothing
b'.yond an exor««s!on 'at th« oalatoas of a
handful of men who may oat It through. I
i
ThU cominifte*: should not attempt t» die- j
ate tr- iii» CaHf.irn'a Democracy. Weattver [
For our Presidential candidate we want a
mic who** bioirraphy we can send broadcast
without vlotatlns the la^ri • against the cir
culation o? otosctne literature. The Demo
cratic oarty cannot afford to ro Into the cam
paign tr»s»ntinz a candidate with «uch a rec
ord as Hearst has. ¦ - ¦ ,
This nun Hearst ha« Courht the best Demo
crats in California. He attacked tfte greatest
man the party in this State evet had. the .ate
Stephen M. White, and foazftt him with a
bitterness that will never be fonrotte-n rr for-
Etven by any true lover of his party. Then,
asain, wl»ea Judse Maxulre ! ran for Gov
ernor, Hearst's cajer published the most ma
licious and ui! warranted attacks against him.
but atwHilutelv refused to print his resly to
those slarul»r«.
"I want to know whom Mr." Barry
i represents," asked Joseph Rothschild
•of San Francisco. After the secretary
had announced that Barry was duly
seated as the holder of a properly ex
ecuted proxy from Saunuel Butler of
X«vada. C<»untv £h« editor continued:
¦ Tti. ilr: I hold Bntlsr's' crosy and I am
here W voice the opinion of hundred* of ether
influential Democrati all over the State. The«
are real Democrat*, and nal. Democrats are
j not traitors and win not dsseend to indorse
a iraltor tr vote for Mm.
the State committee for any such pur
pose. This committee was selected
two years ago to conduct the- cam
paign for Franklin K. Lane for Gov
ernor. It is in no sense representative
of the Democratic party in. California j
! to-day and does not in any way voice |
! the wishes of the party -regarding the !
coming Presidential campaign. Any i
action such as is prooosed here' will (
work great injustice to the Democrats f
of California. They will not stand for a j
traitor. The man of all men in Cal- i
| ifornia whom we should ' not indorse l
( is William Randolph Hearst. In 1902 1
j he proved a traitor to Lane and solely
! because of his' treachery we have a
Republican Governor in this State to
day." '
CALLS HEARST TRAITOR.
Judge Maguire then spoke briefly.
Such a statement as a man still smart
ing under hia wounds could make was
made by the Judge, but it was ; far
from what Field Marshal Tarpey had
planned } for. " Said Magxrire :
¦ I am not here to discuss the advisability of
adopting these resolutions. Personally I think
the. matter mteht be well left for the State
convention: . But my name- has been men
tioned here ia reference to the course of the
Examiner ta the campa'.ra.cf ISO*. I want to
*ay thit Mr. Hearst was not In California at
that time. "'¦'«»
-¦If I* true that the Torke attack on me was
tublished la the Examiner and that the nea
subdivision ther*cf. In eseetins assembled en
thU 19th day of March. 10>)*. at the city and
county of San Francisco, State oc California,
hereby adopts t*e foUowtns call for a Demo
cratic State convention to elect delegates and
alternate delegates to the Democratic National
Convention to be held at 5c Loots. Mo.. »a
Jaly tt, 1904. for the selection of a Democratic
State Centra* Committee and for the transac
tion of such other business as may come be
fore said State convention.
That said State convention shall meet at tbe
eit- of Santa Crux on May . 16. 19<>4. at- It
o'clock t. m.. and shall consist of 7J3 dele
gates.
That all of said delegates shall" be elected
at a primary election, at which primary alt
Democrats shall • have an eprcrtuni ty to vote.
I to be held in each Assembly district, or when
Tarpey closed with . a burst of
prophecy that made the wise ones
snicker.- "Ninety- per cent of all the
Democrats in California are for
Hearst,"- he said, and then subsided,
while a' few of the* most hardened ol
the elect clapped their hands to show
their appreciation.
cf May as the date for the convention
the call wa.3 adopted. It reads .as fol
lows:
In coirr! -ar.es f. ith ttte call of th? National
Democratic CoT=rsltt»«\ the Democratic State
Central Committee of Ca!in>raia. the governic^
body of th« Democratic party of California, a
nclttical omnlratioo. which at ths last gen
era! election polled men thaa 3 per cent of the
total vote la said Stats, and in each political
TARPEY TO THE RESCUE.
Then up rose Tarpey — M. F. Tarpey
bf Alameda, grand marshal of the
Hearst cohorts in California. Smooth
and suave was Tarpey, .pouring oil on
the troubled waters of the committee?.
But all he., could.. say was "that .-pally
his idol and chief had'not been hos
tile to Judge Maguire's candidacy lor
Governor. "Why," said Tarpey, "Mr.
Hearst came to me personally during
that campaign and made many sug
gestions for the promotion and suc
•ress of thi Judge's canvas3.".
Then- Tarpey -forgot that it is not
the late. George Hearst, but hi3 son.
William .Randolph— a very different
persoii — -who. aspires to the Presiden
tial nomination. "Regarding Stephen
M. White, who has been: mentioned
here," , lie said weakly, "I want to say
that his selection as chairman of the
Democratic National Convention wjs
at' the suggestion of Senator Geor«je
Hearst himself."
neither "aye" nor "no." Ed E. Leake
said afterward that some who had
promised to stand by him and vote
against the resolutions got ccld feet.
The rest was easy. Audible sighs of
relief were heard all over the room
when Chairman Murphy announced the
result of the vote, and then the com
mittee eagerly rushed through the re
mainder of the business.
W. H. Alford secured the adaption or
a vote of thanks to General R. «. War
field of the California Hotel for his
hospitality in giving gratis the use of
rooms at the hotel for the headquarters
of the State committee.
The secretary then began reading the
call for the State convention, bat as
the majority were anxious to get out
doors and find relief from the recent
strenuous period of chastisement at the
hands of Barry and Leake, ex-GoTrernor
Budd moved to dispense with the read-
Ing.' Aftr the insertion of the city of
Santa Cruz as the place and the 15th
Angry faces confronted Leake all
the while he was calling the ghost of
Stephen II. White from the grave and
parading it at the head of rlenrst'.~
treasons to California Democracy.
When he took his : seat there wa3 a
moment's silence, as if the wind had
been knocked out of the Hearst boom
ers.: Then, the mover of the resolu
tions, Caminetti of Amador. got on hia
feet and tried to reply to Leake's ob
jection that the proposed action wrs
without precedent. ' "Don't yo>i know
that this is the first time California
has had such a glorious opportunity?"
he asked. "Xever before has there
been a possibility of • this State secur
ing the first place on the nationil
ticket for one of her native sons."
: "This should not be done in th's.
committee," retorted Donzel Stoner of
San Francisco. "We are arrogating to |
ourselves powers we do not possess j
and should not attempt to assert." |
who were running Mr. Hearst's paper refused
to publish my reply. But I held the editors
of the paper responsible for that and never
felt that Mr. Hearst was to blame. So far as
I knoT-, his course toward me was ever
friendly. I do not want to be understood aj
criticising him.
PROGRAMME ADOPTED.
The Judge's ideas regarding Hearst's
lack of responsibility for the misdeeds
of hfs newspaper set the whole commit
tee in a broad grin. He was followed
hy Ben F. Gelss of Willows, who said
that any action by the committee
would be merely a personal 'expression
of "our individual opinions." and that
Hearst had done a great many things
the speaker could not stand for. Then,
with delightful inconsistency, he. went
on to demand the passage of the reso
lutions. 'Ton cannot expect a man to
have all the virtues," said Geiss. and
the committee decided to let It go at
that. The resolutions" were adopted by
a substantial majority* of the voices
heard, but many of the members said
Let the people have a voice. If they want
Hearst, all right. I shall bow In aubmisstcn
to their will, - but what right has this com
mittee, appointed to conduct the campaign of
Franklin K. Lane, . to ; dictate to the coming
State convention the indorsement ot the man
who fought and defeated Lane?- I know teo>
well that I may not Influence.* vote here, but
none the less am I. bound In honor and • Con
science to l register this protest, against - the
wrong you have 'planned, to. inflict span the
Democratic : party In California. _¦;.;
GIVE PEOPLE A VOICE.
Have you seen anything In ' th* Examiner
lately regarding Mr. Bell, one cf the greatest
of California Democrats?
This man" Hearst fonght Bearaer when that
sterling -Democrat was a candidate for the
State Board of Equalization, demanding that
Ileamer'sinarae »be dropped .from our ticket
and that or a Populist put on. I would op
pose my own brother or my best friend If he
had proved a -traitor to> such tried and true
Democrats as these.
Mr, Chairman, this ia no personal tight on
my part. I have no animosity asainrt Hearst
that I should not gladly subordinate to the
welfare of the party. I am here to discharge
a debt of honor to tfte- great man whom I
have named and whcni Hearst b«>trayed.
-Jvow I want to ask how do>s San Francisco
get nearly a fourth of all the votes In the
apportionment which has been prepared by
th« secretary ? Let me tell you. . It U the re
sult of a vote cast In th»» city at the last
jrobematorial election for FranV-fln K. Lane.
But Lane set that rote in <nlte.of all. th"
Examiner and its owner could do to injure
him. Hearst did succeed Jn electing a. Re
publican Governor, and _now-_ you are going
to reward him. for Eis treason by demanding
that th* Democrats of the United Statas'shaU
march through the coming campaign with this
traitor as their ! standard bearer. Gentlemen.
thev*H.nev«r do It- -'• • . • ..---.;
Four years ago, at the State ¦ convention,
St»phen M. White was vhairman of the com
mittee on resolutions. The committee's re
port had been prepared and was ready for
submission to the convention when a reso
lution was sprung demanding' that the Demo
cratic National Convention should give th*<
Vice Presidential nomination to Hearst. By
all that was Just, by all that was honest.
If California was to have a representation on
the national ticket, that place was due to
White himself, the jrreat leader of our party.
He knew it. Moreover he could not forget
Hearst's treachery to him. Leanlns over to
me he said — and I well remember his words,
for they were the tawt I ever heard from the
lips of Stepb«n M. White:
. "Kill that resolution if you can, Leake. ir
you cannot I snail have to^ go on the "floor ot
the convention and fight it-"
This was White's cplnioc of the Democracy
of the man you now are demanding that the
Democrats of thi* State and nation shall select
to lead them. . • ¦ . ¦ .
THE GHOST OF WHITE.
Let me warn you on beha.!' of bests of loyal
Democrats ail over California that it is neither
hon«sty nor good policy to reward party
treachery. Tou may lorce these resolutions
through this • committee, you niay even -dic
tate to ths Suite convention what action it
shall tak£. tot you cannct compel the Demo
crats of California la accept William Ran
dolph H<?arsi^ as a Democrat. They know
Uim only as a betrayer or their party.
treacheries and -his reluctance to have
Hearst's -name 'crammed down the
throats.- of California Democrats.
Strong in the conviction that he stood
for the sentiment. of the voters of the
party in the- rural districts, he thun
dered against _.the dumfounded ma
jority, sayinpr: - ' - .
I know tt is probably owless- for me to. say
anythirjr in pretest against the suicidal action
which you are -determined to take, but - 1
should" be false' to my duty.' false to, my De
mocracy, If I sat silent and permitted this
thin? Vj be done without ohjoctlon. Such ac
tion as you are bent upon is a new and un
precedented thins la the history of our party,
and it Is as unwarranted as it Is unheard of.
That aj to Assembly districts, parts of As
semblr districts and counties cotrxpo«iar an
Assembly district, wherein th« previsions of
said sections of the Politic*! Code are net
obligatory and mandatory, said primary elec
tion, where held, shall be- conducted, as far
as rractlcable. ia consonance wtth ths pro
visions of ja.-i sections of said cede.
That the teat to be- required cf er»ry person
seiktos to vote a Democratic ballot a: said
primary shall be as fallows: A baza fide
present intention of supporting the nominees
cf th* Democratic party at the next ensulas
election. -
That the ballots to te csed at said primary
oar be -ttfcer Drinted or written.
That th# apt-ortlonment cf delegates to saf.l
State convention shall be: Or* delegate for
each two hundred vctas cast fcr Franklla K.
Lane. Democratic nominee fcr Governor, In
the Assembly district or cosary, whew icon*
than one county Is embraced tn an Assembly
district, at the reneral election held tn No-
YemBer 19C2 and one delegate f-r a major'.tv
fraction of such number cf votes provide.!
that any county eaatins less than such nr*-
Jcrtty fraction fee *aid nominee shall be *a
' titled to on« de!»yate.
That the apportionment of delegates t:> each
Assembly district, or where more than one
cnurty is embraced tn an Assembly district,
then to each of # said counties. Is as follows:
-Del N'ort* '... -'• Contra. Costa I»
?isScij-ou 10'san Jcaaola ...... IT
Trinity t' -taaiaUas ?
Hamboldt 12, Merced «
Shasta lltJXadera S
Urtdoc ; Tuolaint^ ......... *
Uasaen - Jt.i.-:p<^;a. .......... 4
r»hoaai - e| rular» - - tz
Plaicas 2jlnyo ;.... Z
1 Sierra 3. i'aa Fraartsco . . . • Is*
MemJcciao 12 Ala»<!* «*
Tsu'te 11 'pan Matao •
Tuba . 3 Santa Cms 1»*
-;u*ter 4Ss*ata Clara. 2?*
Nevada. lO.San Beslto *
Placer • Monterey *'»
Fl Dorado 7, Fresno «
Amador * Kir-gs - *
CV.averas • Sa^ 1*1 » Obtspo... 1»
Alpine J S*sJa Birtan .... f»
I Mono I|Ventt.r»> »
I Glenn 4 i Kera t.-
Colxiaa c L* 3 Aniele* 3»»
Lake 4; Saa Bernardino — 1<>
Sonoma. 21;Oran*e »
Mapa — .HjRlversid* ?
*jtar.c. 121 Tbtil »
Uarta <?i
Ttat if any delegate to said Stats eonv»n
i ticn siiall die before, or for any cause be un-
I able to attend said convention, the other d«i-»
sat*a from th- sans* territory, or If there be
1 none remaining therefrom, then the other dele
f^tea from th« sasi» asseaifily district shall
have cower to determine by • Eajcrtty rot*
wMcs of said delegates taay cast as additional
vote m said convention.
That duplicate lists Of delegates selected,
where the provisions of the primary law ar«
not mandatory, shall be certified by th^
chairmen and secr»tarics of the several Demo
cratic c*nnty committees to th« secretary of
the Democratic State Central Cwssltte* ca «r
befor- tfc« 12ti day of it*y. IOiM. Where tl»
provlsicas of the primary erection law *r»
mandatory, the list of deles^tes shall be cer
tiSed tn the manner provided by law.
That notices of contest m-ost be filed wits
the secretary of tb« State Central Cfammirt**
on cr before U» 14t3» day of May. 13O4.
That the temporary roll cf delea^tsa t» tlte
State conTestion shall b« made u? by the
chalrnran and secretary of tha D«soerati:
Stats Central Committee.
That the chairman and secretary cf tfc<»
Democratic State Central Committa* shall
have the authority to make any clerical cor
rection* er supply and clerical omissions which
may b« found to occur ia this call, as this
day adopted, and- also to take ail steps neces
sary to Insure the carrytn* cut of the praris-
Icns rj the law ar. i of '.r.'.s .-a'.!. jfijSj
The action flxlnsr Santa Cruz as ths
place of meeting was taken after the
committee had listened to a brief ad
dress from Mayor Clark of that city,
who promised that an excellent hall
would be provided for the assembly
and all the convention expenses would
be paid.
Corncii tteeman Harry C. "WUber pre
sented a fitting finale to the proceed
ings In an announcement that the Moa
ticello Club would keep opea bouse
during the afternoon and evening for
tbe benefit of tbe wearied statesmen,
and his hearers hardly waited for a
motion to adjourn before they were
making record time in the direction of
•the club and the free drinks supposed
to be awaiting them there.
mar* t*iaa es« eseat7 Is eta£ra£e4 la aa A»
¦ambly district, th-a la each sf «aM eesades
oa Tuesday. Mar 3. 1904. except that wi-~»
sections 1CS7 to 1373. both laciusiT*. ef ti-»
Political Cede of tha Stat* of Call Tarsia. tr»
not obligatory i=i mandatory, ftici d«!esa^c*
cut be apDolsted or e!*ct»l In nci mAsacr
as s£all bo detsnsised t/ t&a re*7«cU7«
coanty committees.
Tbat aaid primary election dull b« eoauiiict
ed la all respects in accordance witia tie ?r-v
viaicoj of sections 1337 »r.a UTS, bot^ laciu
sive. of the Political Code of ta* State «£ C*l
iforcia. la alt Assembly districts aad parts of
Assembly districts wber»ia Las provisions ¦ cf
said s«ctiocs ar? o&Ii^atsry a; ciaadaxary.
viz.; In the Assembly districts cr parts of
assembly districts, as to* casa may be. «3i
braced by tne c:ry aad couaty of £aa Fria
cisco, th* city of Lcs Asge'.ea. th» city of Oxi
laad, tse ctty of Sacrasxesta, tae city oi Saa
Jose. ti» city of Saa Diets, tie city cf StocX
toa, tse citv of Alameda. ti« ctty of 5*r««ao.
the tows of Berkeley. ti» city of Pasadsaa
and th# rtrr cf Valtejo.
That no cotinty or district ecaveatioa saail
elect aay delegate to the State cotrveBtit.a
from aay Assembly district la waica th» pri
mary election Law is tnaadatory. as tie :*"»
provides specifically that snea daie^ates mas:
be voted for aad elected direct to tae Stai*
convention frcm all territory where said law
Is mandatory. •
v.rath cf Leake and Barry. Caminetti
¦was quite tactful. The suavity of Tar
pey vs.s conspicuous. Bu-dd was vigil
ant but silent. Judge Hagurre looked
the part cf the amused and interested
spectator. So much was said regard
ing- the manner cf his treatment fa the
euberratoriai campaign of 1S3S that
he was constrained to speak. In a few
remarks he gave Hearst absolution, but
he did not absolve the news end of
the Hearst paper for refusing to pub
lish his Olaguire's) reply to Yorke"s
speech.
The resolution was adopted, but the
polititiars in the Democratic camp as
sert that this is only the first skirm
ish leading up to the battle in Cali
fornia- The £sht wffl be fought to the
finish ia the State convention at Santa
•-ruz. Democratic opposition to the
proposed nomination of Kearst is said
to b* strong in the counties of the in
terior. It is predicted that the action
c-f the State Central Committee will
cassc an Immediate alignment of the
party forces for a vigorous campaign
against Hearst. It vras noted by the i
political experts that Judge ilasuire
yesterday expressed doubt as to the
visdcm cf the committee In seeking ';
to Influence the Judgment cf the State '<
conventicn.
Amonp leading Democrats at Pioneer
Hall yesterday u-ere "Waiiani HofiT Cook.
LMxxsston Jenks. James O'Brien, R.
Porter Ashc. ei-Governor Budd, "Wes
ley Reed. J. J. Barrett. Al Murphy, E.
il. Gibson, A. Caminetti, Joseph Roths
« hild. Al McCabe. James G. Maguire.
Frank Freeman. A. B. Sanford. H. A.
SlcCrarey, Ed E. Leaks. James H. Bar
ry, M. F. Tarpey, iL F. Corcoran and
William H. Alford-
Sacramento did not make any play
¦whatever for the May convention.
There is gossip that the capital city •will
put forward gj>ecUU effort to win the
September convention of the party.
tion and circulation of obscene litera
ture. Barry's intrepidity was matched
by the boldness of Editor Leake. The
latter added the names o* Theodore
Bell, Jud£e Famsworth and R. H.
Beamer to the list of the victims of
Hearst treachery. Warning was given
that the undaunted and incorruptible
Democrats of the interior would rebuke
the committee in the State convention
fcr its presumption la recommending
the delegates to support Hearst.
SI. F. Tarpey, A. Caminetti and other
leaders of the Hearst faction, know
ing that a majority of the members
of the committee in attendance had
accepted the programme, did not say
anything in. reply to add fuel to the
Ur-ited States would be a man whose
biography could be published without
violating the law against the publica-
Viperous pretest agxirst the adop
tion cf a resc-luticn commending WI1
ttmm II- Hearst was th« ctief event at
the meeting of the Democratic State
Cestral Committee yesterday after
noon. Janes H. Barry of the Saa
Francisco Star and Ed E. Leake of
the ¦Woodland Democrat voiced the
arti-Hearst sentiment. Barry de
nounced Hearst as a traitcr in the
Demixratic party and cited many ex
amples cf the alleged treason. Stephen
M. White, James G. Maguire and
Fracklin K. Lane were mentioned u
eminent Democrats who had been be
trayed and maliciously slandered by
Hearst. Barry hoped that the Demo
cratic nominee for President of the
Will of Independ
ents Defeated
by Machine.
Convention Fixed
for May I 6 at
Santa Cruz.
Lively Row Marks
Gathering of
Delegates.
Division Appears
Early in the
Campaign.
DEMOCRATIC COMMITTEE VOTES THAT INSTRUCTED
DELEGATES BE SENT TO THE NATIONAL CONVENTION
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, MARCH 20, ,1904.
Pages 35 to 48
. -^-p-^i^ ?¦¦ i ~ /^^wiiy Xci'^cn tro.m
Pages 35 to 48At Special Meeting of Members n
Committee Is Appointed to Se
lect a Suitable Tract.
Australian Mine S900 Feet Deep.
What is believed to be the deepest
gold mine in the world is bein* work
ed at Bendigo, Australia. The mine
In question, which is /jailed the New
Chum Railway mine, has sunk its
main shaft to a. depth of ; 3000 feet
or only sixty feet short of three-quar
ters of a mile. The chief Droblem is
how to keep the tunnels and geneVal
workings cool enough for the miners
to work in at* such a depth. It is
usually about 108 degrees and, to en
able the men* to work at all, -a spray
of cold , water let down from : above
has to be kept continually playing on
the bodies—^naked from the waist
upward— of the miners. Even then
they cannot .work hard/or, they would
faint from exhaustion^— Leisure Hour.
" 'That,* said the actor with great
dignity, 'is the one to which I refer.' "-
Louisville Herald.
"Talk with a Democrat up my way,"
said Hugo A. Gilmartin, the story teller
from-IJfitrolt, "and he will constantly
come harping back on one thing— the
tariff. Reminds me of the time I was
in a hotel up In Saginaw. A theatrical
company had gone on the rocks and the
leading man had been living a precari
ous life at this hotel waiting for re
mittances. One morning he rang tha
bell in his room for half an hour. ' No
body answered. Then he went out in
the hall, leaned, over the railing and
said: 'Boy! Ho, b-o-y!'
"'What is it?' snarlea the bellboy
from the lobby beneath. \
'"Have you seen anything of my
laundry?'
"'Aw, g'wan,' said the boy. 'You
ain't bad but one shirt since you've
been here.'
An Actor Short of Idnen.
Seventh race, six furlongs, sellinf— Anzeiger
won, February Blue second, Cohassett third.
Time, 1:15%.
HOT SPRINGS, /Ark.. March 19.— ReaulU:
First race, mile and a quarter, selling:— Miss
Eon won. John Evans second, Dean Lee third.
Time. 2:10.
Second race, on« mile, selling — Satin Coat
won, Bandlllo second, Ralph Young third.
Time. 1:41 }&.
Third race, six furlongs. Belling — Marlbor
ouph won, Apple Sweet second, Laura, Hunter
third. Time, 1:16.
Fourth race, one mile and a sixteenth, han
dicap — Kenova won, Glenwood second, Flora
Bright third. Time, 1:47%.
Fifth race, six furlongs, handicap— Paul
"Whaley won, Joe Goss second, Irby Bennett
third. Time, 1:14%.
Sixth race, six furlongs, selling — Belle Ma
hone won. Marco second, Mike Strauss third.
Time. 1:18.
Racine at* Hot Springs.
Fourth race, 'one mile and a quarter, New
Louisiana stakes — Mauser won. Rainland sec
ond, t>ra vina third. Time, 2:13.
Fifth race, six furlongB-'-Foxy Kane ¦won,
Katie Powers second, St. Tammany third.
Time. 1:16.
Sixth race, selling, one mile and a sixteenth
— Tancred won. Moderator second. Midship
man third. Time, 1:63.
First race, six furlongs — Maritlna won, AI-
Usto second, Lurallghter third. Time, 1:16 4-6.
Second race, one mile and seventy yards —
Santa Teresa won, Potent* second. Dr. Car
rick third. Time, 1:60 2-B.
Third race, nve and a half furlongs — Lady
Radnor won. Sharp Bird second. Extra Law
third. Time. 1:09 4-5.
NEW ORLBANS, March 19. — Crescent City
results:
New Orleans Race Results.
Misty's Pride, the Oregon flier, up
set an awful good thing in the fifth
race of the day. After twice defeat
ing Hainault, Oeyrohe, with only
ninety-five pounds up, looked like
something tart and spicy from the
can. Accordingly all the smart ones
got aboard at 9 to 5. Travers, astride
Misty's Pride, gave his field the slip
at the start, and, while Crosswaite
made up considerable ground with the
favorite, the Oregon mare reached the
wire first by three open lengths. Le
tola got away poorly and was never a
factor, the show honors going to
Charley McCaffetry's The Hawaiian.
NOTES OF THE TRACK.
Jack Martin had the honor of riding
both the stake and the handicap win
ners.
John Bullman is carded to leave for
New oYrk to-day. It is understood he
will ride in the colors of August Bel
mont again the coming season.
M. J. Daly finally secured a car, and
Claude and most of his other horses left
for Memphis last night. Johnny Daly,
of course, went along, as he will pilot
Claude in the Montgomery handicap.
, Ed Gaylord, the widely known and
popular Denver turfman, is getting to
gether quiet a stable. He now has To
ledo, Money Muss and yesterday pur
chased a promising maiden.
L. McBrown has disposed of the use
ful filly Red Cross Nurse to George
Wentworth.
Pete Romlgh bought Bee Rosewater
fromV. T. Nicholls yesterday.
The Call still leads all of the news
paper handicaps. Five out of six win
ning selections were given yesterday,
the stake event being called. one, two.
Following is the record to date:
Call, 213. , s |
Examiner, 1*6. \ j
. Chronicle, 185. ,
cashed their tickets all right, but at
one stage of the running could un
questionably feel the cold shivers
stealing over them. Ridden by C.
Smith and played down to 9 to 10,
Mr. Farnum went out in the lead as
in his preceding race.
He opened up quite an extensive
gap going the first half-mile, but in
the stretch was under forced draught
all the way and then only beat The
Fretter a length, Smith resorting to
questionable tactics to accomplish
same. The latter horse was carried
wide in the run to the stand, but owing
to the muddy condition of the track
Travers' claim of foul was not allowed.
Fille d'Or took the show from Mr.
Dingle.
During 1903, 4367 cattle, 230 calves,
2139 hogs, 286 sheep and 773 horses
were driven from the country to the
Union stockyards in Chicago. ¦ ...
Le Radium is the title of a new per
iodical which is to be issued in Paris
ere long. It will contain month rec
ords of the progress made in the util
ization of the costly new substance.
Rio Shannon Beats
Sailor Knot for
the Place.
The grizzled turf veteran sneers at
our sprinters of to-day as wouM a
Vermont larmcr if given -i piece of
KocQuefort cheese to munch with his
r.pple pie.
He loves to tell of the deed-j per
lormed a decade ago by cuch equine
giants cf renown as Norfolk. Lodi,
Thad Stevens. True Blue. Ivaty Pease
and Hock Hocking. When three four
mile heats were reeled off under .tha ;
sun's rays of the afternoon and the \
fourth and deciding one at dusk, af-j
ter supper had been partaken of.
Apparently these golden memories
of the past survive jand are cherished
to a certain extent by the present gen
eration of the far Western country.
Orf of the largest Saturday crowds cf
the season saw the tenth renewal of
the Thornton stake run at Oakland
tr2ik yesterday, despite the unpropi
tion* r.eather.
The course was a perfect sea of
mud, but the rain held aloof until th 1 ? I
hcrses had completed their four-mile j
tiamp, then the skies broke loose with
*• frefh supply of wet goods. Hora
tue was an absentee and this left but
foar, Veterano, Rio Shannon, .SaiJor
Kr,ot and The Way, to go for the val
uable prize, of which the winner's
-hare was J2CC0.
HORATIUS IS DRAWN.
With Horatius nibbling hay in h's
stall. Veterano, owned by Walt Vivell
and the mount of Jack Martin, was
the talent's selection and a pro
nounced favorite. He won and so de- j
cisively as to leave no room for doubt
but that he was the best horse.
Mike Daly sent his three-year-old
Sailor Knot, a forlorn hope, to the
post and the colt ruled second choice.
For a bit over three miles Willie Daly,
on Saiior Knot, which was shoulder
ing but S6 pounds under the condi- !
lions of the race, shaped up the pace |
for the favorite on sufferance. Then
Martin assumed the leading position
with Veterano and it ceased longer to
be a contest, the first choice winning
pricking his ears and nodding In 7:37.
Twenty lengths in his wake came Rio
Shannon, which Willie See had ridden
into second position, and forty lengths
farther away Sailor Knot wobbled in
third. Soon after the start Moun
tain's saddle on The Way slipped and
;'«jr two and three-quarters miles he I
per severed, perched on the horse's j
neck, finally being obliged to pull up.
OVATION' VOn VTJTKUAXO.
On his return to the stand, the win
ner received the usual ovation and I
looking but slightly distressed, sub- j
mltted with good grace to having the i
prreat Coral horseshoe placed about his
neck. ' Jack Martin, too, was applaud
ed for bis cool and clever piloting: of
the favorite.
Veterano is a bay horse four years
old by Rey El Santa Anita-Orange
Leaf and was bred by E. J. Baldwin.
Al»out one year ago he was disposed of
by Jimmy Coffey, owner of Rio Shan
non, for 5500, Walt Vivell being the
purchaser.
Throughout the afternoon the horses
ran true to form and the ring quit big
loser. Four first .choices, as usual and
a third chance were the purse winners.
Matt Hogan, Veterano and Arabo were
especially well supported.
, So brisk was speculation on the prob
able outcome of the 51000 handicap over
one mile and seventy yards, for which
a field of eight contested, that there
vriLs no actual favorite. Every horse
starting appeared to have friends, with
Arabo and Modicum finally settling
down as the crowd's pick, each being
held at 4 1-2. Dick Dwyer sent the
bunch away nicely aligned, with Jack
Martin quickly showing first on the
Jennings horse Arabo. The big chest
nut fairly reveled in the going, and
after shaking: oft Kenilworth and
Ocean Dream, held Warte KIcht up his
6!eeve, winning by three lengths.
Bonner. on G. W. Trahern, finished a
good third. Modicum at one time
SAGINAW, Mich.. March 19. — The
fight scheduled to take place here next
Monday night between Joe Gans and
Gus Gardner for the light welter
weight championship of the world
has been postponed until^he 28th lnst.
Gans-Gardncr Fight Postponed.
Relay Record for Vale Athletes.
BUFFALO, X. Y., March 19. — Yale
won the two-mile relay race at the
Seventy-fourth Regement mdoor meet
to-day, defeating teams from Cornell,
Pennsylvania and the Seventy-fourth
Regiment Athletic Association. The
time. 7:59, establishes a new mark at
the distance. /
CHICAGO, March 19. — With 1602
nominations for the twelve stakes of
the 1904 s.eason, the Harlem Jockey
Club officials claim to have established
a new record for the number of en
tries to racing features of this class.
The chief Increase is in the events for
the three-year-olds and two-year-olds
and is said to carry corresponding bet
terment of class. Of the big stakes,
the $15,000 Harlem Xational handi
cap has 112 entries and the Twentieth
Century 118 and the Lewis and Clark
stakes, regarded as a tryout for the
American Derby, has 97 entries.
Heavy Entry for Harlem Stakes.
The brave spirits of the California
Polo and Pony Racing Association
were again unfortunate yesterday in
the class of weather under which their
races were run at Tanforan. A blus
tering wind. blew over the course. In
the last race the horses could not be
distinguished at the post in the driv
ing rain.
The inclement weather was the only
drawback, the sport being of the high
est class. The finishes were close and
exciting and the time fast. With 150
pounds jup "W. E. Pedley's Carlotta, a
thoroughbred in miniature, ran a half
mile in 61 1-2 seconds in the mud.
The surprise of the day and appar
ently the most popular victory was the
success of Rudolph Spreckels' Lotrix.
piloted by Frank Skinner, in the mile
race. Carlotta was the only other con
tender and, having had a two-hours'
rest after the half-mile race, was
looked upon as a sure winner. She
commenced to hang out signals of dis
tress at the half-mile pole. Entering
the stretch Lotrix, which is a daughter
of Bright Phoebus, assumed the lead
and won. easily by two and one-half
lengths. i
The honors of the day were equally
divided among three stables. W. E.
Pedley won two . races with Carlotta
and Queen Rucker; R. and W. A. Mc-
Creery won two with their chestnut
pony. Sunset, while the cerise, green
fleur de lis of Rudolph Spreckels was
carried successfully by Peghome and
Lotrix.
F. D. Hudson, the Southern Califor
nia rider, and W. A. McCreery each
piloted two winners, while R. M.
Tobin and Franjt Skinner each had
one victory to their credit.
The only accident of the day oc
curred in the first race, when W. A.
McCreery's chestnut mare Mamie
threw herself over backward. Her
owner, who had the mount, was not
injured and pluckily remounted and
rode out the race, finishing second to
Carlotta by three-quarters of a length.
When the mare was pulled up she
threw herself again without Injuring
her rider.
* Mr. McCreery came out on Sunset
in the second race at three-sixteenths
of a mile and won handily from Flo
radora.
R. M. Tobln landed Peghome first at
the wire in the three-eighths-mile race
following. .Maudie Swift, a promising
green pony in whose veins flows the
blood of El Rio Rey, finished second.
Maud H. the smallest pony racing at
the meeting, found the quarter-mile
two far for her. She showed in' front
for a time, but was passed in the last
furlong by Queen Rucker, which won
easily.
Open stake: First round — Rolla Wells beat
Rosa of Gold. 8-2; Vlklnff beat Young Klamath,
5-1; Presidio Boy beat Frisky Boy. 4-8; Pall
Mcon beat Imperious, 8-1: Jlgamoroo beat Sil
ver Cloud. 8-7; O ambit beat Van Alba, 8-3:
Rector beat Rollins Boer, 6-2; Queen's Motto
beat Sofala. 4-O: Orstoa. beat Maid of tho
Glen, 5-1: Toronto a bye; Fenli beat Royal
Friend, 7-3: Wattles beat Jerry Wright. S-8:
Little Plunger beat Tokawan. 5-0: Lily fork
beat Spotless Beauty, 7-1: Reckless Acrobat
beat Tralee Lass. tM: Una a bye: Fairy
Belle beat Equator. 8-2; Haddington beat
Barefoot Boy, 3-1: Doc Burns beat Kreawlck.
10-0: Van Nora beat Belfast. 5-0; Aurelia beat
Idaho Boy. &-(>; Yellowtall beat Concord Boy.
8-1; Clover Blosson beat Firm Fell«w. 5-O;
Prometheus beat Apple Blossom. 5-O; Com
mercial Traveler beat Flower of Kerry,
4-0; Colored Lady heat Sacramento "Boy.
3-2; Princess Boy beat Shadow, 3-2:
Heredlne beat Icellus. 5-1: Lulu Girl beat
Empire Boy, 14-0; Money Musk beat Wnita
Stocking. 5-O: Fox Hunter beat Sllevenamon.
4-0; Conroy beat Young Johnnte ttex, 5-3; Our
Minnie beat Lady Doritt. S-2: J. E. H. beat
Cooette. 4-3; Ragged Actor beat Bonaie Pasha.
3-2; Younr Fearless beat Rusty As. 6-t);
Merry-Go-Round beat Real Duchesa, 5-0; Lit
tle Mercy beat Don Pedro. 6-1: Med!ev beat
Brown Belle. 15-5; Balendine beat Mountain
Llirht. 7-2: Pepper Hill beat Joe Pasha, 5-O;
Ouida beat Lord Granard. 10-6: Mark
| Twain beat Nellie ¦ "Wise. «-l: Vina beat Our
Motto, 6-O; Homer Boy beat Fontenoy. 5-1;
Texas H"V> Hoo a. bye: Little Luc-y beat In
truder, 9-2; Crawford Belle beat Cluster. 9~».
Following are the day's results, with
Judge Thomas Tierney's official scores:
The rundown of the open stake at In
gleside coursing park yesterday pro
duced some surprises that set the talent
on the verge of collapse. The first un
pleasant feeling that caused the wi*e
ones to look glum was when Jigamoroo,
a 5 to 1 shot, bent out Silver Cloud In
a close trial. Lily York soon followed,
and after an undecided cours* ran
away from Spotless Beauty, a 1 to 7
choice and a strong stake favorita.
Then came Fairy Belle's victory over
Equator and Aurella's defeat of Idaho
Boy, both at 4 to L Then in quick or
der Clover Blossom, at '5 to 1. took tlwr
flag from Firm Fellow, and Prome
theus, at 4 to 1, secured the decision
over Apple Blossom with a clean score.
Full Moon and Presidio Boy com* to
gether in the first round to-day, and
the winner of the course stands 'well In
line for final honors. Rector la also
there, and with Young Fearless, Reck-
Iesa Acrobat and the green one, Prin
cess Savoy, the day's coursing should
be one of the first order.
Hildebrand returned to the saddle
to-day and threw away the race on his
first mount. Wager, in the second race.
With the race won fifty yards from
the finish, he quit riding, went to
sleep and allowed Jim Gore II to nose
Wager out of first money. MacFleck
noe was third. Milas won the hurdle
handicap at a mile and an eighth. May
S was second and Waiter, the heavily
played favorite, third.
The last race, on the card went to
Invictus at 7 to 2. Jingler was second
and Merwan third. The favorite,
Lunar, was last.
On the whole the talent and the
books .broke fairly even on the day.
Weather cloudy, track fast. Results:
FirA race, one mile, selling— Erne. 102 (J.
Lewis). » to 1. won; Sherry, 98 (Dugan). 10
to 1. second: The Covenanter, 102 (Kent). CO
to 1. third. Time ] :44. Ollvllo, Dug Mar
tin. Margaret Rowe, Evermore, E. R. Lana
ran, Walter H. and Chief Aloha also ran.
Second race. Slauson course, selling — Jim
Gore II. 100 (Prior). 5 to 1, won; Waiter. 107
(Hildebrand). 2 to 1, second: MacFlecknoe. 110
(K. L#wls). 4 to 1. third. Time. 1:12. Magic
Flute. Nona B. Quest, Gibralter, Jack Rich
elieu 'Jr. and Bassanlo alfo ran.
Third race, mile and an eighth, handicap
hurdle— Mllas. 150 (McHugh). 7 to 5. won;
May S. 125 (Sullivan), 6 to 1. wcond; Walter,
135 (Schimmel), 9 to 10, third. Time, 2:0<,
Wachusett also ran:
"Fourth race, five furlongs, the Santa. Motile*,
stakes for two- year-olds, 9100O added — Plnkerr
ton, IIS (Boland), 9 to 10, won; Teggy Mine,
112 (Prior). 8 to 1, second; Airship. 113 (HU
debrand) 3 to 2, third. Time, 1:02. Slnt*'
cado, II Dottore and Lady Lasea also ran. $
Fifth race, one mile and 70 yards, free han
dicap — McGrathlana Prince, 107 (Jackson), 5 O>
2, won; Formaater, 02 (Hildebrand), 11 to 5,
second; Foncasta. 85 (J. Lewis). 7 to 1, third.
Tlrse. l:45>-4. Straggler, CaJlant, Elwood and
Nitrate also ran.
Sixth race, one mile, selling— Invictus, 106
(J. Lewis), 4'.4 to 1, won; Jingler, 109 (An
derson) 8 to 1, second ; Merman, 103 (Booker),
7 to 1. third. Time, 1:43>4. Louwelsea. and
Lunar also ran.
• LOS ANGELES, March 19.—Barney
Schreiber's Sain colt Pinkerton dem
onstrated to-day at Ascot that he is
an animal .of class and the best-two
year-old uncovered here this season.
With 118 pounds up he won the San
ta Monica stakes, a sweepstakes for
two-year-olds at five f urionars, run
ning the distance in 1:02. He was
last at the and won by two
lengths. Peggy Mine closed like a
lion and was second a length ahead of
Airship, the heavily played second
choice.', Pinkerton carried the money
of the public ap evens and closed at
9. to 10. {He went to the front at the
stretch and, won handily.
McGrathiaha Prince ran a fine race
in the free handicap at a mile and sev
enty yards, beating "a good field all the
way. Formaster closed strongly, fin
ishing half a length behind the win
ner. Foncasta, an outsider, was third.
This race, fifth on the card, furnished
a big betting affair for the books. For
master was made favorite at 11 to 5,
with McGrathlana Prince 6 to 2, and
Durnell's entcyt Nitrate and Elwood,
at 3 to 1.
Reckless Acrobat, Rector,
Full Moon and Presidio
Boy Are Out lor Honors
With the Second Bace Won
on Wager, He Ceases His
Efforts and Is Beaten Out
One mile — Won bv R. SDreckels' Lotrix (F.
Skinner); W. E. Pedley's Carlotta (F. D. Hud
son), second. Time. 1:55. Only starters.
Threw and one half furlonzs — Won by R.
and W. A. McCreery'a 8unaet (W. A. Mc-
Creery); "W*. E. Pedley'e Queen Rucker (F. D.
Hudson), second; R. Bpreckels' Pat (F. Skin
ner), third. Time. 45% second*. Only starters.
Three-eighths mile — Won by R. Spreckels'
Peghome (R. M. Tbbln); F. X Grace's Maudie
Swift (F. D. Hudson), second: R. Spreckels'
Fretful (F. Skinner) third. Time. 38 hi sec
onds. Only starters.
One-quarter mile — Won bv W. E. Pedley's
Queen Rucker (F. D. Hudson); R. Sprockets'
Maud H. (F. Skinner), sscond; F. J. Carolan's
Floradora (P. Clagstone), third. Time, 24*;
seoonrla. Only starters.
One-half mile— Won by W. E. Pedley's Car
lotta (F. D. Hudson); K. and W. A. Mc
«Treery"« Mamie (W. A. McCreery). second: R.
Sprackeis" Caeahautc (K. Skinner), third.
Time 51 H seconds. Only starters.
Three-sixteenths mile — Won by R. and W.
A. McCreery's Sunset (W. A. McCreery); F.
J. Cardan's Floradora (Paul Clagstone). sec
ond; R. Spreckels' Althomer t>\ Skinner),
third. Time. IS seconds. Also started. Par-
A-Chat.
Walter McCreery's Sunset won its
second race of the day when It beat
Queen Rucker In the last event on the
card. The race was run in a veritable
downpour. Queen Ruclter was prom
inent for a time, but at the end was
beaten cleverly. Pat ran away -with
Frank Skinner nearly half a mile,
going- to the post, and cut no figure in
the race. The summary:
HILDEBK AND'S BAD BIDE
OAKLAND EACETEACK — Saturday. March 19. — Weather rainy.' Track aloppy.
<$::!»S. FIRST RACE — Seven furlongs; 4-year-oIdc and up; value to first, $325. t
Ir.dexl Horse and Owner. Wt St. H. %. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
C07 Moore, a (T. T. Rector). 105 1 "3 h 4 1 3 2 3 2 Inn Bonner .... 0-2 18-5
C37S lUatldor. 4 <tt r . P. Fine) 100 5 2-li 1 \~ 1 h 1 M '2 4 Trovers ... 6 10
63<~ iDoco.v a (G Miller) 105 2 4 2 2 % 2 2 2 1 3 4 Mountain . -3-0
«KC2):Ars>s«nent. 0 (A. Keal) 103 G « y, C h (I H 4 V» 4 3 Buxton .... 0 10
<*MS ! Algnr»tra, a (I. Morehouse)..'. 10T>| 4 1 >•_. :t h S If .'• 1 3 10 IFrowen ... 10 40
C30S lU^nlarh. 4 (X. Jeunese) |10o !» 5h 7 1 7 % C % 0 2 |Vanderbout 10 20
•<tt7« 'MlBaT a (3. A. Leiser). -.-... .1101 3 Sl-8 % 9 71 Holbrook .. . 10 •- 20
CTJS 'CartJte. « <Appleby & Co.) |1OS 3 7 % 0 8 818 1 Haack -.16 40
038G llmpromptu, a (J. W. Palnter)|100 7 0 5 4 h 7 3 0 |J. Martin.. 8 2
¦nmo-^-:25 :50>i 1:19 1:32. At post 2vi minutes. Off at 2:1C. Moore, place. .4-5; show.
1-2. natJdor place. 0; show, 8. Decoy, show. 7-10. Winner, br. e. bj-^Duncombe-At
lanta II. Trained by T. T Rector. Start good. Won flret two driving. Third easily.
BaUdor displayed unexpected staying qualities. Billy Moort; Juist did get. up under vlgor
; <>u» riding. Decoy quit. Assessment ran poorly. Algaretta had speed. Impromptu Is a
suTVer. . •
! CS'JU. SECOND RACK— Futurity course; selling: 4-year-olda and up; valu« to' first,- $325. \
; Index Horse and Owner! |Wt St. J4J V,. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
(6316) Man Hogaii. a <Maerane)... jllO 1 ... 1 h 2 3 2 2 1 % J. Daly.... B-5 13-10
C360 {Flaneur 0 (C. McCafferty). . .1105 5 ... f. i.\H V t 2 2 C. Smith... 6 6
(C134) Bar4 Burns. 0 (S. Judge).... 113 2 ... 2h 3 1 3% 33 See . 4 9-2
i a:U2 j Alice Carey. 4 (Rowell) 00 4 ... 3 '4 1 h lh 4 2 ' Travers ... '10' »"
i Cno4)lRolliclr. 6 (M. Jones) 115J3- ... 52 6 fl 5h J. Martin.. 4 «
(e3r.O)jCaptivate. « (Bianchl & McO.)|lCS| 6 ... <i 8 ',} 5 m F. Sullivan 10 25 .
Time — :25. :50. 1:18*4. At poet M minute. Off at 2:39»4- Hogan. place; 1-2: show. out.
Flaneur, place, 2; show. 4-6. Burns, show, 3-5. Winner, b. g. by "Wagner- MJas HIght.
Trained by W. 1». Magrane. Scratched— Galanthus. Start good. ' Won cleverly. Sec
ond and third drivlns. Matt Hogan bore out some ln'the run. home. Away better Fla- j
r.eur would have been a sure winner. Bard Burns tried to run out on the turns. Alica
Carey had speed, but was carried out by the winner. Too much weight on Rollick.
C4OO. THIRD RACE — 1>J miles; selling; 4-year-olds and up; valu* to first. $325.* )
Index v Horse and Owner. , WtlSt. hi ' lT- %. Str. Fin. I Jockey. | Op. . Cl.
(6352) Mr. Fernuni, 4 (McCafferty) . . M 2.15. 18 1 % \.Vi 1 1 IC Smith... 1 9-10 '
(e377)iTh» Fretter. a (F, O'Rourke) 104 3 3 4 2 h 2 2.21/42 IM Travers ... 6-2 13-5
0352 FiMe d'Or a (G D Kinyon).. 96 1 22 38 32 3 1^3 1 Croeswalte 8 11-2
C383 Mr. Dingle. 4 (E. Tierney).... 103 56 5 4 6 4 6 4 20 Mountain . 6 11
C377 lArtbur Ray. 5 (Clayton & Co.) 103 4 4 2 4 »j 5 C 5 Buxton ....1 20 30
Time :25% :51«i 1:1S 1:4614. 2:01/ At post 1% minutes. ' Off at 3:04V£. Farnum. piaco,
2-5; show. out'. Fretter place, 8-6: show. out. Fil!«\ show, 1-4. Winner, b. s. by
Cheviot -Miss Dance. Trained by C. McCafferty. Start good. Won first four driving.
A claim of foul was lodged against winner for carrying out and bumping Th© Frotter
through the stretch. Mr. Farnum was probably b/st at that. Fille d'Or showed Im
provement. Mr. Dingle coula not get up. v , '
G4O1. FOURTH RACE — * ml)es; Thornton stake* ; 4 year- olds up; 1st. $2360; 2d. $500; 3d, $250.
Index! Horse and Owner. |Wt|St. lm 2m>Sm 3«4m Fin. | Jockey. | Op. Cl.
?»0S~ Veterano 4 <W C V'lvell) |109 4 23 2 12 28 1 13 1 20 J? Martin.. I 9-10
G.17C Rio Shannon, a (Mrs. Coffey) 116 14 4 8 3 2 12 2 40 Se e $ 7
(63*3) Sailor Knot 3 (M J. Daly)... I 86 2 18-18 In 8 3 W. Daly... 2 2
63.12 :The Way. 5 (R. if. Clark) J115| 3 3 6 3 10 4 » ... Mountain .1 6 7«
Timt—l:Z2. 3:46=!i, 6:43Vi % 7:37. At post »£ minute. Off at 3:27V6- Veterano, place. 1-3;
show out. Shannon, p'laca, 8-5; show, 1-2. Knot, show. out. Winner, b. h. by Rey El .
Santa Anita-Orange Leaf. Trained by W. C. VIvelL Scratched — Horatlus. Start good.
Won ea«ily. Second and third all out. Veterano wu well seasoned and received per
fect handling. At two and a half miles Sailor Knot was done. Rio Shannon closed
well, but could not gain an Inch on the winner. Saddle on The "Way slipped going the
first' mile. 'Pulled up. ' .
0402. FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; Belling; 3-year-olds and up; value to first, $323. .
Index! Horse and Owner. IWtlSt. U. H. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
C33O JMisty's Pride 4 (Jones & Co.)\ 97|1 ... 16 14 13 13 Travers ... 4 4
(U-'ttn) Oeyrohe. 3 (Mr*. Coffcy) I 95] 3 ... 31 22 23 23 Crosswalta 8-5 8-5
C327 iThe Hawaiian, 3 (McCafferty) | 051 2 ... 2 h 3 >& 3 % 3.*4 C. Smith... 10 9'
! <52S3 iEl Plloto « (H. w. Hoag)... 103 4 ... 6 4h4%41 Buxton 7 7 .
I C040 L*tola 8 (W. B. Jennings) 88 6 ... 4h 5^52 5 12 |Greenfleld . 3 16-5
I «3Ct !Box Elder. 8 (J. J. Moran 8«| 0 ... 0 b 6 6 6 |Vanderbout 10 SO
Time — :21^i :49%. 1:17. At post 2 minutes. Off at 4:04. Pride, place. 7-8; ahow. 1-2.
Oc>-rohe.' place. 3-S; show. 1-4. Hawaiian, show. 4-5. Winner, ch. m. by Handsomo-
Misty Morn. Trained by S. J. Jones. Scratched — Oriana. Start bad. Won handily.
Second handily. Next three driving. Misty's Pride away sailing and this won for her.
Oft on equal terms Oeyrohe would have won. The Hawaiian ran a good race. El Plftto
has Kone^k^LftolaawayjTjrybamy^
0403. SIXTH RACE — One mile and 70 yards; handicap; S-year-oldj up; value to first. $800.
Index I Horse and Owner. WtlSt. U ! \. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op., cT
<C354)!Arabo 4 (W. B. Jennings)... Ill 1 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 8 1 8 J. Martin.. 8 9-2
•54."3 IWarte" N'tcht. 4 (Wllkerson) . . 105 7 7%71 41 3%21 Knapp .... 6 6
C.«3 ! G W Trahcrn, 5 (Summers Co.) 97 4 S2'S>4Ch 4%32 Bonner .... 10 13
! (C353)'iHalnault 5 (Thomas & Co.).. 101 2 4 1 4 li 6 is, 6 % 4 % Travers ... 6 ' 10
C354 lOcean Dream. 4 (Tywroan) . . ' 108 5 31 32 21 21 6^ Mountain .. 4 5
«S05 'Keynote. 6 (J. A. K>-le) W 8 8 8 8 7 # 0 2 C. Smith... 8 8
C3C5 (Modicum 4 (D. S. Fountain). 110 6 6 3 6 >4 3 h 5 7 8 (Vanderbout 4 8-2
6354 jKenilworth. C (H. Stover) J117 32h2VJ718 8 |See « 7
Time :25'* :Dl»i. 1:1714, 1:45. 1:49%. At post m minutes. Off at 4:33H. Arabo. place,
2; show" 9-10. NJcht. place. 5-2; show. 4-5. Trahern. show. 5-2. Winner, ch h. by
Xomad-Charm. Trained by XV. B. Jennings. Start good. Won handily. Second and
! third driving. Arabo held his field safe from the start. With more luck the first part of
It Warte Nlcht might have won. G. W. Trahern ran an Improved race. Halnault ran
hie race. Too far In this going for Ocean Dream.' Modicum gave It up. So did Kent!
worth. 'Los Angeles index (G263). . - ,
FAVOBITES AEE BEATEN
Beats Spotless Beauty at
Good Odds in the Open
Stake at Ingleside Park
Away Last He Captures the
Santa Monica Stakes at
Ascot Park in Fast Time
Honors of the Day Are Equally Divided
Among Three Stables — McCreery and
- Hudson Each Pilot Two Horses to Victory
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
SPEED GALORE
HIS LILY YORK
COLT OF CLASS
IS PINKERTON
VETERANO, FAULTLESSLY RIDDEN BY MARTIN,
CAPTURES THE HISTORIC THORNTON STAKE
PONY RACING ENTHUSIASTS BRAVED,
THE ELEMENTS AT TANFORAN TRACK
SPORTS OF THE RACETRACK, THE PRIZE RING AND THE TENNIS COURTS
rHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 20, 1904.
PRESIDIO GOLFERS Wllili •
/> SEEK A NEW LOCATION
On account of the rainy, weather
the driving and approach putting con
tests that were to have taken place
on the links of the San Francisco Golf
Club yesterday .were not held.
At a special meeting called to con
sider the establishment 'of a new golf
rtou'rsc .T. W. Byrne. P. C. Buckbee arid
i:. .1. Woods were appointed' a com
mittee to find a suitable tract on
which to lay out a new links and to
report to the members,
36
dropped Into third position and then
fell back.
BILLY MOORE FIRST.
A widely circulated tip sent Im
promptu to the post favorite over Billy
Moore for the first, a seven-furlong
celling: run. The old cripple once
showed a flash of speed, then sulked,
finishing last. Travers, on the 15 to 1
shot, came -within an ace of making a
runaway affair of it. It was only
under the most vigorous sort of riding
that Bonner, on Billy Moore, got up in
time to receive a nose decision. Decoy,
for a time the runner-up, ran third.
Billy Magrane's gelding, Matt Ho
gan, captured the Futurity course
sprint following, due in a great meas
ure to Johnny Daly's handling. Matt
went to the post a 13 to 10 favorite,
raced Alice Carey into subjection and
then disposed of the late arrival.
Flaneur, by almost a length. C. Smith
on the latter was slow to leave the
barrier or the McCafferty entry would
undoubtedly have been returned first.
Willie See, on Bard Burns, was third.
Rollick could not negotiate his 115
pounds to any advantage.
5IR. FARNUM SCORES.
Those who looked for Mr. Farnum
to repeat his win of last Tuesday
; ADVEBTISE2CENTS. ;
WATCH THE SKIN FOR SIGNS OF BAD BLOOD.
Boils and pimples, sores, ulcers and pustular .or dry scaly skin eruptions, ate signs of'
,bad blood. When the bodily organs that nature has designed for the cleansing and purifi-
cation of the system break down or become torpid and inactive, the blood takes np the ixn-'
purities and casts them out through the pores of the skin, and a carbuncle or boil, sore or,
itching eruption of some kind is the result. The warm days of spring arouse the slnggishi
blood, the skin reacts, and the humors and poisons that have been collecting in the system-
all winter are suddenly thrown off by the blood and the pores are clogged and inflamed by
the acrid matter passing off, and the skin has strong aitd vigorous now.
a dry or oily appearance, and red, disfigur- Bnoyrns, Ohio, Angust a, jsobl-*
ing .blotches, pintles, blackheads and; all SfSSS
manner OI tormenting, Stinging and Itching bad in more ways than one, aad not getting *ny better d*-.'
eruptions break through and contiaue until *^2^^5£S&£?tt&g%
the riotous, feverish blOOd has been restored highly recommended I began Its use, aad oan traOdtiDr'
tr» it*: Tir*rma1 <;tate ' : say that it did me a great deal of good. /My appetite tm-
IO 1TJS normal Siaie. proved under its use., I gained in weight, and the mediate*
At tnlS Season the System Should have a made me stronger aad more -vigorous in ovtrry way,,fe«*
thorough cleansing, the blood purified and ¦"•• P*^y*s and enriohing my b^d.- M0RRo j
all the bodily organs toned up and strength-
ened, or you may look out for a return of ™= BESrr °f H f ALT^ 4 mtmm^
. ' «i , • , -rii. j» i Yoar S. S. S.. in my opinion, is as good a medlctaa a*
your pld skin trouble later on, for as long as oan ba h ad; it simply cannot be improved upon a*aretS?
a remnant of the disease remains in the dy to purify and enrich the blood and to invigorsta an<4
i i j . . • -i • i i , , , Ari. r tone up tha system. This spring my blood was bad and I
blOOd It IS liable to come back. 1 he Use Ot was TUn down in health, and having seen yoar medtotao
lotions, powders, SOapS and Salves in diseases hig^r advertised I commenced its use. To-day my blood
c , < i • j Li. i r 1.1.1 j £ i/L 1.1 j is in fine oondition and my general health is of the beat.
Ot the Skin dO DUt little good, tor the blOOd Am foreman for a large concern here, and if I was not In
and not the skin is the real seat of the trouble. good physical condition it would be impossible for me to
It is internal, not external; The humor or x d o e n ]j} t hc' S i ta te to give S it the credit it "Serves. m °
poison in the blood is the cause of the erup- . „ j wm.f. van dyke.
f. j ,1 j >r j t i i.- 815 Fifth St., Beaver Falls, Perm.
tion, and a blood purifier and not lotions or
salves is required in the treatment of these ? *:- SKIN eruptions and other siqns.
•i • j- ta j i i* Alliance, Ohio, August 5. 1908.
Skin diseases. Jb ace powders and COSmetlCS Years ago my blood was bad, as evidenced by skin ernp-
of various kinds COVer UP for the time beinp* tions on diflerent parts of the body, and other symptoms, so
.i 1 11 '• i 11 i 1 j j • - 1 I concluded to try S. S. 8., knowing it to be highly spoken
the Ugly blemishes, blackheads and pimples of . Aftcr nsinga number of bottles-do not remember Just
aild fiflaze over the rough red skin, but the n< > w muoh— my .blood was thoroughly purified and enriched
• .• • -i i_i j mi ,• . i i and I was ralieved of au eruptions and^Tnanifestations of
impurities m the blood will continue to break impnrc ?blood . i believe your s. s. s. to be an Sce^nt
out until the evil is corrected at its fountain wood medicine. mrs. c. e. shoemaker. ,
i '"•'•¦¦ j t» ¦¦•£'*¦ 1.1 1.1 j j 1.1. i • *11 5!G E. Patterson Street.
head. Purify the blood and the skin will
take care of itself. Potash, Arsenic and strong mineral compounds so often used in skin dis-
eases frequently do more harm than gcod. They may dry up the eruption, but the effect upon
the stomach and. general system is far.from good. A better aud safer remedy for diseases of
"ijmifjt 25 *^ *^ S c^ iaracter anc^ au antidote for the humors and poisons
fftif***^ UtlF^*^ ' t^ lat P roc^ ucc t^ lc different skin eruptions is found in S. S. S M
vCZ^ \^^Z^: C^Bft:*^^ a P ure * v vegetable medicine containing no mineral or dan-
%>»^Sfc gerous drug of any. description. S. S. S. is not only a blood
&w_IS !*fe****ZV I 1 and system builder, but a tonic and appetizer
C^-fi^ C^^' C^^^^ without a superior. It not only eradicates the impurities
*w*r "* ¦¦'' ¦ Xt2 *«^^ and humors that may be lingering in the blood, but the
general health improves tinder its tonic effect, and nothing excels it in cases of general debil-
ity^ weakness, loss of appetite, and other complaints common to spring and summer months.
Write lis if troubled with sores, boils or eruptions of any description, and we will have
our physician advise you without charge. Book on the skin and its diseases mailed free
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC COMPANY. ATLANTA. GA> f
ADVERTISEMENTS.
X V /^&4 WvVpi UUC33,
*^ KI**4v> Vy Eiptriment or taVe chances of any sort. 1
1? lr^>^ "V Vi attempt to cure only those dl«»«.9<s8 that I have
n A^'rt. A '4 A t«*a cortnr for the past sixteen years, and I
Pi «£$ -.»&_— - f*Ssii bellave that I am Mctlfled 1b esylng that I
h tfcv * I«*rnea all about them. Were I lacking In
&_ J knowledge pertairlnc to my specialty I would
f* n^'" have ettaJard my preeent euccess. nor
K T^Jr^-'iS^S* vr-rali I to-<!ay be ,-vegEf2ed ai the leafllng
pj N ¦ specialist tre^ 13 * nwn'i diseaeee. If afflicted.
tj / IJiSf^BS' J""" can dtper% Upon It that the service I offer
p / f ~7'V 7°° '» the eervlca you need, ar.fi is •»rvic« such
U /\ I A ai c * n ** e ren^* red b? no other physician.
9 s t T^y mss^x3 \ \ I *** *••¦ •*• SffT Onr«« Ar» I
V; -11 yl W-* I 3P«*»«»ieat «ad Ton Caa F»r When I
It I y^L I r »»tUfied That Yon Are "Wall. I
g Th. i^r. Um 1 Men s Diseases Only.
Fi TJEJC ECZE3TXZ9C0 TREATim^T J»AX1?2.ES3 CT7XUS OT VABZOO-
}t T ** WEA3CWI!SS -" To attempt to cure varlcocele by cut-
is. Doting th* systeo wrth powerful " n f away the affected blood vessels Is
I £r*2 *? r? in aa : Sort to
H reetor* functional visor can hare but Jiy cures are positire and permanent
I; one final result: tbe condition Is ren- la e^ery lnstanc*, and are effected In
I . te<* wor~ th*» ( before "Weakne-"
; 4 !• meralf an Indication of a low form esearr that tha patient be *»*f ;r«l*
j j of lnflajrmsa.tlon In tie prostate glano. trom fcls buslneas. .•*_ • ;
[j asd thU teSamraatlon li tat atrra- C0KT»4\Onil>"^»IB O B J) B »•
j j rated tor «t!aWUttai rerarfle. that ex- 0VKm>
}• cJU temporary actlvltr. I employ th« TTnflaT my original aystern of tre»t- ¦
M only «cietitl£e and fnllr effectlre- rcent these trouble«ome ailments ar«
Ik tr~tr=.=t fcr -weaUnes^" which 1- SS3»«Kf. SBU.'-SE'l.^p^
f»^ts a p-?nr.ar.ent crre ty reatttrtag ant. b«x-ause It icmovn the danger of
tb« prostate g:ar.a ta a *ousd and chronic lnflaromation beinc e»taWlsb»d
healthy, state. I o.tala co^l.t. re- %^J»2?&&1; tb^fest
suits In erery ceee I treat. • ¦ 1 eurest treatment known.
Consult ire lree at chars*, either In person at my orr.ee or by mall My
pamphlet, "IJve All Tour Tears a Man." mailed free, and so is colored chort of
tha mala sezua! orrt.ns. . 0 1
OR/ O. C. JOSLEN
Ccx. Slarket aal JCcarny Stx. Privr.te Entrance 702 Market Street.
O'^fce Houn: \T«k days, inn. t* '. -.Y.- r rr.. ar.d 6:30 p. m. to 8 p, m
I * . SsaflaySi 10 to 1 oslj.; .„ Artists', models , in Berlin • have
formed themselves into a trade to pro
tect their interests*
The 'Austrian 'Minister of thesInte
rior has recently^called the a attention
of medical practitioners to the serious
evils "caused by illegal .prescriptions.
He insists that every. prescription must
be clearly and , legibly written in all its
parts.:..'- ..-?. ..;.:.«. /.' :: -;':- '¦ by-;;
A teacher at Buckport, Me., is feel
ing a bit discouraged at present. The
other day she was trying to get a bit
of knowldge into the class in arithme
tic, and one boy in particular would
do nothing that he was asked to.
Finally the teacher, in desperation,
turned on him and asked him what ha
intended to be if by any chance he -was
permitted to grow up. The youth re
plied that he thought he would be a
teacher and have his scholars do his
figuring for hlm.^— N. Y. Tribune.
Would Make Others Work.
Young Corbett has become estranged
from his beloved gymnasium and those
ever familiar boxing gloves. It is hard
for a little scrapper like him to give
them up, yet his chief advisers will not
stand for them any more, and from
now on until the night of his battle
with Britt the featherweight champ
will have to take to the highways for
his work and his' pleasure.
Harry Tuthill, after a long analysis
of the Corbett question, finally decided
that the Denver star had quite enough
of work wi\h the mitts and the other
things that are generally found in
gyms. So he held a Consultation with
Tim McGrath and jointly they agreed
upon the' terms by which Corbett
would have to condition himself within
the remaining few days. i '•¦,".-
When the little man awoke yester
day morning and „ partook of a sub-,
stantlal breakfast, he was sent out for
his usual run, though the rain was
coming down faster than . Pat Mor
rlssey ever galT&ped through the -home
stretch. He was game and went the
distance in good time, arriving in- due
season for the rubdown and the
luncheon he enjoys. ¦
The . remainder: of the midday . was
spent in a few games of bridge and a
loll around the place. Although'. the
weather was extra juicy, a big crowd
gathered at the tavern in the^ hope of
seeing the champion go through; his
paces, and great was the disappoint-,
ment when it was given out that noth-,
ing would be doing.
When the clock struck the hour of
three, the champ took to the Ingleslde
road while • the, rain was breaking
through the' heavens" so fast that, ho
one could tell just what the speed limit
was. He was attired in a. leathern
coat, two extra suits of underclothes
and shoes' that 'were guaranteed: to be
just the' things for such ; a "storm.
He went the eight miles and 'return
in good time and came , back, all in a
glow. , Then he was treated to a whole
some rubdown . and .' after that was
ready ; tor}, any; kind of a good-looking
meal that "might be passed -\ but. ¦ ' This
will ; probably ;be ; his iwbrk/twice^ a "day
untilthehourof the battle with Britt.'
The last time he put on the mitts with
Monte 'Attell he : injured -bis ; left -hand
Inclement leather kept Britt indoors
yesterday more than usual, but it did
not have .any- noticeable effect on .his
spirits. He went - through the gymna
sium drill, with, the vim that, has all
along characterized his preliminary ex-;
erclslng v and at the wlndup tipped the
beam close to 133 pounds. .,.'.-'• • *• .'-. ;
! , The , Corbett people were willing s to
bet ;10 \to; 7 yesterday, but " there were
few. takers. \ . V ;,/•; .: ."- .:':¦• ¦
| The sale of seats continued yester
day and cast In the' shade all : previous
records of this character. .
Britt,. under, the supervision of his
shrewd trainer, Spider Kelly, will be
gin to-morrow the real work of taking
off the three pounds - that have kept
him above the contract weight for ten
days past. This extra avoirdupois will
not be removed in a day, nor, in three
days, . but will be 'separated from
its , present owner by scientific and
gradual* means, so that there will be
no. impairment of the strength nor, the
'stamina of Corbett's next opponent.
Roadwork. to improve Jimmy's, breath
ing organs will be an important .part
of the j few days .that remain for htm
in which to prepare himself for the
struggle of his career..
just a wee bit, but it was enough . to
put his trainers on their guard, and
they will permit the champion to do
little or no gymnasium work now till
he is-ready for the ring.
"With to-day ends Jimmy Britt's last
Sunday at his training camp in Ala
meda, and a great number of the
friends of the challenger forMhe 130
pound championship ef th^» boxing
world will visit the island city to make
a critical survey of the wonderful little
fighting machine that is to clash with
that other marvelous battering ram.
Young Corbett. . I .
Trainers Give Out the Information That He
Injures His Hand in Bout With Monte
Attell — Jimmy Britt Is in High Spirits
CORBETT CUTS OUT INDOOR WORK
AND WILL EXERCISE ON THE ROAD
egraph.
A Philadelphian recently on a tour
of the world .passed nearly a month in
Korea and gives this summary of the
military and navaV resources of "the
land of the morning calm." . "I was
amused," he said, "by the serious way
in which the Korean officials spoke of
their navy. At Chemulpo I saw the
navy pass. It consisted of a single
steamer, which had formerly been a
collier, and it was armed with two
old fashioned muzzle-loading guns.
There is a regiment of Koreans in
Seoul who are being drilled by Jap
anese officers, but beyond that the
'army' consists of a rabble made up of
anywhere between fifty and a hundred
thousand men, armed with a collection
of weapons which begin with bows
and arrows, spears, pikes something
like the halberd, arquebuses and old
muzzle-loading rifles. There are a few
Mausers, and I saw one detachment
that had every variety of hunting gun
you could name. The officials are gor
geous in their uniforms, but the file—
a kaleidoscopic mob so far as appear
ance was concerned. The pay of the
Korean soldier is S cents a. day. • The
Seoul regiment is the Emperor's royal
guard and is the only organization in
the army that shows anything like
discipline. But .the navy! That would
make you laugh."— Philadelphia Tel-
Korean Navy Had Ono Boat.
The American Inventor, reports a
new system of railway operation, de
scribed as a device for running cars
without wheels. Instead, a series of
skates or slippers are attached to the
bottom of the car; between the skates
and the rails, a thin stream of water
is forced from a jet, creating a slight
film, on whJch the car runs. It la as
serted that by this method the track
resistance is reduced, so that less run
ning power is needed; a smoother mo
tion is also secured, resulting in less
wear and tear both of the car and of
the rails. The train is run by electric
motors, operating a. friction •wheel,
which moves on a third rail between
the two outer rails.
Running Cars Without ..heels.
John J. Heaney, a machinist, and his
•wife were legally divorced, • and the
court awarded the custody of . their
minor child to the mother and ordered
the father to contribute $10 a month
to its support. Instead of doing so,
however, John, became an idler, and
the mother to Judge Fritz
to compel him to obey the court's de
cree. Judge. Fritz told John that if he
did not pay the woman $10 within a
week he -would be sent to Jail,' and yes
terday the money was paid. Then the
Judge advised John to make the ¦ pay
ments as 'they became due, even
though he were compelled to work to
obtain the money.
Police Sergeant Helms accused Amos
Buffum, chauffeur, of speeding his
auto at a fifteen-mile-an-hour clip on
the south driveway of Golden Gate
Park, and Judge Fritz fined Amos $5.
Washington Stoner, an infantryman
who recently returned from the Philip
pines, was unable to explain how he
became drunk night before last, as he
had not received his pay. In dismiss-
Ing the case Judge Fritz advised the
soldier to take care of his money when
he gets it, as the city is full of traps
for the unwary defender of his country
who has cash -in his pocket^
"Leave your pay at - the Presidio
when you decide to come to town,"
said the court, "or. If you prefer to
bring it with you, turn a deaf ear to
the many persons who will be ready to
extend the right hand of fellowship.
The soldier never realizes how many
putative friends he has until he has
pay in his pocket."
Peter J. Smith shot and killed a dog
that was playfully pursuing his chick
ens across a vacant lot on Kansas
street, and^Offlcer Bates arrested him
for discharging ' firearms within the
city limits. The defendant claimed
that he had a perfect right to protect
his feathered property, but Judge
Fritz opined that the dog had just as
much right as the chickens to run at
large, and then he ordered Peter to
appear for sentence to-morrow. X
Richard Moore, charged with bur
glary, pleaded guilty of petty larceny
and was sentenced to five months' im
prisonment by Judge Cabanlss. Mrs.
Nelson, a corpulent lady, caught him
in the act of robbing her apartments
in the Prescott House, and, after
knocking him down, she sat upon him
until the police arrived.
A white spitz dog was the bone of a
contention between two Armenians in
Judge Cabanlss 1 court. Charles Courian
alleged that he had the dog in his pos
session on Post street when Thomas H.
Kullujian emerged from his store and
snatched the animal, claiming it was
his property. As the dog was ill, Cou
rian- explained, he did not try to re
cover it by force, but had Kullujian ar
rested by Police Officer Maloney, who
witnessed the occurrence. After the
case had been exhaustively argued Kul
lujian was ordered to restore the dog
to Courian and advised to begin civil
proceedings for its recovery if he still
yearned to possess it.
"Russ or Jap?" inquired Judge Ca
banis-s when the name of Katsuoni
Kobacyaski. accused of • having dis
turbed the peace of Grant avenue, had
been laboriously spelled out by the
clerk.
"I am a Jap-an-ese," was the de
fendant's indignant answer.
"Then what do you mean by having
that 'ski' at the terminus of your sur
name?" demanded the Judge. "No true
blue subject of the Mikado would have
anything in his name so suggestive of
Slav ancestry as 'ski.' Come here again
Monday and I'll tell you more of what
I think about you."
nor fear of the law.
Two oil tanks exploded, spreading
their blazing contents in all directions.
Fortunately the. wind was blowing
from the northwest, carrying the flames
and ignited oil into Staten Island
Sound. Two schooners were taken out
Into the sound to escape the burning
oil that drifted across the water. Rivers
of burning oil began flowing after the
explosion in all directions across the
property of the company, which fronts
on the water's edge. A change of wind
would have carried the fire directly
into Elizabethport and probably caused
great loss.
NEW YORK, March . 19.— Three
Standard Oil Company tugs, two fire
boats and the entire fire department of
Elizabeth, N. J., were called out early
this" morning to prevent the spread of
an oil fire which caused a loss estimated
at $200,000 and which threatened with
destruction the extensive oil works of
the Borne &.Scrymser- Company at
F.Iizabethport, N. J., and neighboring
plants and lumber yards.
The plant was partly destroyed on
tke night of February 27, causing a loss
of $75,000. The second fire began at
nearly the same hour from the
same cause — spontaneous combustion.
Spreading into the main plant, which
consists of eight or ten buildings and a
dozen big oil tanks, the fire became so
hot that the firemen could only bend
their efforts toward keeping it within
bounds.
Tito de Bernardo and Frank Rossetti.
bartenders in a saloon at 411 Pacific
street, engaged in an altercation, which
led to Tito being charged with assault
with a deadly weapon and Frank being
"vChile the court worked Annie Hogan
slept, and several times did Judge Mo
gan instruct Bailiff Hickey to interrupt
her slumber so that she might be asked
something about the charge of va
grancy which Officer Connor had filed
agrainst her. She heard nothing of the
convicting testimony, and when the
court ordered that she be confined in
the County Jail for six months the
bailiff shock her into wakefulness and
tenderly escorted her to the dim cor
ridor.
Annie Cronin, who is a close second
to Sophie Smith in the female vagrant
contest for the imprisonment record
and championship, was given three
months by Judge Mogan. This will en
able Annie to catch up with Sophie's
total period of Incarceration before the
lady is relea5?d from her current six
months.
"'Well, as they do not provide refresh
ment for both man and beast at the
County Jail you and D. C. Green must
dwell apart for thirty days," said the
Judge.
'Why?" asked J. Adams.
"Because you have been convicted of
vagrancy and D. C. Green has not,"
was the court's answer.
*Tm a native son of Oregon." said J.
Adams, "iiiid once owned ii stable of
rave horses. To wiu a. horse race in
Orejjuu u ia customary to administer
dope tu the entries that you do nut
want to win, and that is how I fitst be
&an U» handle opium. Handling the
sluH soon led mt to tasting it to ascer
tain its «juii!ity. aud the next thing 1
knew the habit had me enslaved."
"Arc you Etill in the race hor^j busi
ness?" inquired the court, glancing
askance at the trembling hands and
taitert-d attire of J. Adams.
""'Yes. to some extent," was the re
ply. "1 sold Irate and George Dewey.
but retained ownership of D. C. Green.
I'd prefer death to parting with that
horse."
J. Adarr.s voluntarily and colloquially
explained how lie became addicted to
the o;>ium habit, and Judge Cabaniss
ifaw him most respectful hearing.
Mrs. Newman was found guilty as
charged, but Judge Mogan deferred
sentence until next Saturday to give
the woman a chance to reform and
show that she would take care of her
children if she were not sent to prison.
Her conduct since her conviction, how
ever, has indicated neither repentance
Georgie Newman, who was arrested
about two weeks ago for cruelly
neglectinp her minor child while the lit
tle one was ill with fever, is likely to
be severely dealt with by Judge Mogan,
as it was stated yesterday in court
that since her on bail the
woman has been Intoxicated no less
than three times, and that she seems
to be utterly careless as to what be
comes of her family. Her offspring— a
10-year-old girl and an 8-year-old boy
have been placed in homes by Secre
tary WhUe of the Society for the Pre
vention of Cruelty to Children, their
father, who keeps a sailor boarding
house on Jackson street, paying their
expenses.
• • •
Thomas Earle, a soldier, was knocked
down by a bicyclist Friday evening at
O'Farrell and Powell streets, and when
a khaki-clad comrade went to his aid
and lifted him to his feet Thomas
promptly knocked him down. As it was
not made clear to Judge Mogan that
Thomas mistook the other soldier for
the wheelman who had prostrated him
the case was continued till Tuesday. .
About the same time and near the
same r>lace Ed Landgregan, a soldier,
assaulted another soldier and was ar
rested. Judge Mogan dismissed the
case, it being shown that the defendant
had been grossly insulted by the man
he struck.
accused of assault with intent to com
mit murder.
It was over a monetary transaction
that the mixologists clashed, and before
Judge Mogan yesterday Police Corporal
Fryer and two patrolmen testified that
Tito had smitten Frank's head with a
club before Frank unlimbered a re
volver and fired a bullet at Tito, which
missed its mark.
As neither of the men desired to pros
ecute the other the case was continued
until next Tuesday, by which time the
pu)i«.-r» hei»«? to have obtained sufficient
<•vider.ee to secure their conviction as
charged, without either of them being
called to testify.
Firemen Manage to Master
Blaze After Long* and Ex
ceedingly Hazardous Fight
SCHOONERS IN DANGER
Two Large Tanks Explode,
Spreading* Blazing* Con
tents in All Directions
He Administers "Dope" to Racehorses Until
Handling the Stuff Leads H.m to Taste
It and Then He Descends to Vagrancy
FIRE DAMAGES
AN OIL PLANT
VICTIM OF OPIUM HABIT TELLS
STORY OF HIS FALL TO SLAVERY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 20, 1904.
37
SEE THE PHOTOGRAPHS I
Beautl f ul . Society Women of
Santa Cruz. *
. Full Page iri the
, NEXT SUNDAY CALL.
AI)VEBTIRr,TimNTa.
Jang THE VACUUM CAP
I fUw'SI? e most na * u r a l an^ successful treatment ever devised for
¦¦vJKLa ' CuHnfl BALDNESS and FALLING HAIR la either sex
. \Orairopl v : By suction; the air Is exhausted from the cap, which reduces
• vs. - - . the atmospheric pressure, thns forcing a free «nd active circulation
¦ • of blood into the scalp and hair follicles. This extra nutrition
supplied by the increased circulation promotes a healthy growth of hair and pre-
vents it turning prematurely grey. Absolute results assured. Fus Book.
VACUUM BUST DEVELOPER _
Any lady can produce a large and beautiful Bust. Nursing Gb i^y
mothers can increase the flow %nd quality of their niili. _^w^-kW
Special Parlor for Ladies, Suit 15, 2d Floor, Lady Attendants /^V Jt \N?>
$s^ DR. LAWRENCE'S NEW IMPROVED . W/fSksk
VACUUM DEVELOPER & INVIQORATOR l^Hgyf
l.lflj MEN is a positive means of restoring lost strength i***
1} -and vigor. It will revitalize through the increased flow of blood to
¦j| ; the parts and it is the only known means by which the organs can be
.«U ¦ • developed.- Combined with our improved "Perfect" soluble medi-
: 53 cated BOUGI E or rRiTnv.wLn»i.wmfi|-..^ — hj..l .,-mi. ltUl . Tr T»T.;n
; , cure gleet, stricture, prematureness, anv irritation of the urethra! canal.
all affections of the prostate gland, etc. For VARICOCELE we have a new
Suspensory and Compressor, TPatent applied for) used in connection with our
Improved VACUUM DEVELOPER (sold only by us) will quickly cure every
; case. Write or call for our profusely illustrated 100 page book, which fuly ex-
plains our remarkable Vacuum Treatment, sent securely sealed. For 31 EN only .
Our physicians are experienced and strictly reliable specialists, and our treat-
ment sent on 10 days triai, and approval Hours 9 to-9; Sundays 10 to 1.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I \ " %* fi
I retains its rich, grainy flavor I
I I , tt« 1 r\ 11 tH
L in a High Ball . ? ? ? i
I The next time you want a I
I "long one" say "Marquette" I
I and get satisfaction ? . . i
I GROMMES €t ULLRICH, DISTILLERS I
| CHICAGO- ILLINOIS I
I SPOHN-PATRICK COMPANY, I
(j| 400 Battery St. =Sari Francisco H
r I Telephone Main 536. P|
. ADVERTISEMENTS..
I WILL PAY $1,000 FORFEIT
For a case of Nervous Debility, Varicocele, Rheumatism, Lame Back, Lumbago, Sciatica, any case of Kidney Disease (that has not gone as far as
Bright's Disease), Indigestion, Constipation, or any weakness which I cannot cure with my new improved Electric Belt, with electric suspensory for
men (no charge), the marvel of electricians, the most wonderful curative device that has ever been introduced.
Give me a man broken down from dissipation, hard work or worry, from any cause which has sapped his vitality. Let him follow my advice
for three months and I will make him as vigorous in every respect as any man of his age.
I will not promise to make a Hercules of a man who was never intended by nature to be strong and vigorous. Even that man I can make
better than he is; but the man who has been strong and has lost His strength I can make as good'as he ever was.
I can give back to any man what he has lost by violation of the laws of nature. I can stop all drains upon his vitality in ten days.
A man who is nervous, whose brain and body are weak, who sleeps badly, awakes more tired than when he went to bed, who is easily dis-
couraged, inclined to brood over imaginary troubles, who has lost ambition and energy to tackle hard problems, lacks the animal electricity which
the Dr. McLaughlin Electric Belt supplies.
The whole force of vitality in your body is dependent upon your animal electricity. When you lose that by draining the system in any man-
ner my Belt will replace it and will cure vou.
llr. Harry U. Jackton. Valjeton, Cal., writes October 1: "Altfiou«:h you are a itranger t« me. my heart warm* toward you aa a treat banafaetar and friend, and X «n moi*
than grateful to you. Already I feel the vigor of new life In my body; no aches and no pains. I wish you every smccess In your work." ,
Letters like that tell a story which means* a great deal to a sufferer. They are a beacon light to the man who has become discouraged from
useless doctoring. I get such letters every day.
My Belt has a wonderful influence upon tired, weak nerves. It braces and invigorates them, and stirs up a great force of energy in a man.
I make the best electrical body appliance in ths world, having devoted twenty years to perfecting it. I know my trade. My cures after
everythinp: else has failed are my best arguments.
Mr. Roy Durks, HcKlttrick. Cal.. writes: "From the first nlrht I wore the belt I felt new life in every part of my body. Th« weakness waa checked Immediately, and I am now
able to do heavy work without tiring. I am glad I thought of the belt, for In na other way could the money brine me so much pleasure."
Give me a man with pains in his back, a dull ache !n his muscles or joints, "come-and-go" pains in his shoulders, chest and side. Sciatica in
his hip, Lumbago, Rheumatism, or any aehe or pain, and my Belt will pour the oil of life into his aching body and drive out every sign of pain.
No pain can exist where my Belt fs worn.
Mr. J. It. Beird of Orland, Cal.. write* October 13: "My back Is entirely well,' and I would not take $100 for my belt If I could not get another. It Is th« best thing en earth for
And these "old" men, these men who have burned the candle at both ends — or even if they haven't — these men -who for one reason or another
feel that life has lost its spice, that they are getting old too fast, I can make them feel the sparkle and fire of youth again.
I'll never forget when Mr. A. Crawford of Ppkegama, Oregon, an old man of seventy, wrote to me and said: "When I wrote to you last I told
you to send me a Belt to make an old man young, and you did. I am seventy years old, and since'I have worn the Belt I feel as strong as I did at
thirty-five, and can do as good a day's work as I could at that age." It was two years ago that' Mr. Crawford wrote me that letter. Here is one I
just got from him:
"In reply to your letter I am glad to say that I am Just a« much In favor of your Belt aa I ever waa, for It has b«en a remarkable help to me. I am e«venty-two yeara ©Id. >nt
I do net look any more, than fifty. Am enjoying perfect health, and will continue to recommend the Belt, as I have, been doing right alone, aa I realize that but for It I should hav* b«ea
¦ dead and burled by thla time,"-- - . ' . . \ , . • " , . . . « * w -r-t
They come every day from everywhere. There is not a town or hamlet in the country which has not cures by Dr. McLaaghhn s Electric
Belt. • . -
Now, what does this mean to you, dear reader? If you are not what you ought to be, can you ask any better proof to make you try it? Is
there a remedy which is as simple, as easy to use, as sure to cure and as cheap as Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt? I have not seen one. You must
try it In justice to yourself, and to those who look to you for their 'future happiness, try it now. Act this minute. Such a matter ought not be
delayed. ' •
It's as good for women as for men. Worn while you sleep, it causes no trouble. You feel the gentle glowing heat from it constantly, but no
sting, no burning, as in -old-style belts. '
Come and. see me if you can. I have a private consulting room in which I will explain my method of treatment, and, perhaps, give you the
names of some of your friends whom I hav« cured.
Send for my beautiful book full of things a man likes to read if he wants to twe a strong man. I send it sealed free. Cut out and send this ad.
Dr. M. C. ricLaughlin, 906 Market St.s.rsJStk
Office hours, 8 a. m. to 8 p, m, Sundays io to i. Seattle Office, 105 Columbia Street. Los Angeles, 131 South Spring Street.The American automobile made its
debut at 'Odessa for the first time'dur
ing 'the past year and 'a* few - machines
were sold, which fhaye -given- great
satisfaction ' .- -'
ISLAND POUTS.
" HONOLULU — Arrived March 10 — U ' S stmr
Buford. hence March 11 for Manila.
ARRIVED.
Saturday March 19.
Stmr EltzaWth. 'Jensen, , M «£ - hours • from
Bandon Pass. •-' ¦.-¦¦• ¦¦.•¦
. •: Saturday, March 19.
Stmr Eureka; Juscn. for Eureka.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
SAILED.
The men who teach in French
schools are to get hereafter from $240
to $440 a year; the women teachers
get 540 less." 1
"Mister," said the little boy to the
farmer leaning over the fence, "the
mule has run away and spilt my load
o' hay. Won't you come and help me
put it on the wagon agrain?"
"I will," said the farmer, "If you
will come over here fuss an* he'p me
git my cows out o' the pastur'."
¦ "Ohr said the little boy, "I'm afraid
father wouldn't like that:"
"Why wouldn't he?" growled the
farmer. ' "
"Becauge," said the little boy, "he
always taught me to look out for him
first." " .
"Where is your father?" asked the
farmer.
"Tlease. sir," said the little boy,
"he's under the hay."— Lippincott's.
Tils Fnthcr Wouldn't Like It.
At New Madrid during the last ses
sion of the Circuit Court one negro
was "on" trial for murdering' another.'
Judge Riley was Impaneling a jury and
asking candidates the questions re
quired by law. When the jury-box .was
full of men sworn to answer; truly he
demanded in judicial tones:
"Are any of you gentlemen related to
Doc ' O'Bannon, Doctor Dawson, or
Doctor Dlgges?" .
'There was no answer from the tales
men,'and their silence was taken for
negation: The Judge looked at them
and frowned. ' > •''
"The rest of the witnesses in this case
being colored," he said,' "I shall not ask
you whether you are related to them or
not." v
Th:re\vas a momentary silence in the
court,, and then from the assembled
farmers on the benches came a chorus
of approval which. not even the deputy
sheriff could rap to silence.—Lippln
cott's. •
In Southern Missouri court proceed
ings are not as strictly formal as those
with which the city lawyer is familiar.
The Judge . does not always forget,
when he mounts the bench, what he
knows about the plain of the
earth, and sometimes he acts on that
knowledge.
He Dodged the Question.
The daughter of a widow living at
Potsdam has just been tried for incit
ing soldiers against an officer In the
following circumstances: One Sunday
last year she was walking with her
sweetheart, a soldier, when she met a
young cadet. The "latter stopped the
soldier on the ground that he had not
saluted him.- The soldier and the girl
maintained that the salute had been
given, whereupon the cadet ordered
the man to follow him to the barracks.
The girt upon this called to a number
of artillerymen, bidding them- not to
allow such a young officer to arrest an
honest man. The soldier, who followed
the cadet as ordered, was sentenced to
five months' imprisonment In a fortress.
The charge . against the girl was dis
missed, but she was fined 30 marks for
insulting the cadet.— New York Press.
A Shocking Crime.
One day a certain professor of
mathematics at O. University prepared
to set out on a short journey on horse
back. He was an absent-minded per
son and while saddling the animal was
thinking out some intricate problem.
Some students stood near and watched
him abstractedly place the saddle on
hind-part before. ¦
"Oh, professor," exclaimed one of
the group, "you are piittlng the wrong
end of your saddle foremost."
"Young man," replied the profes
sor with some tartness, "you are en
tirely too smart. How do you know
it is wrong, when I have not yet told
you In which direction I intend to go?"
— Lippincott's.
Undecided.
All the steel to be used in the con
struction of the Havana docks is be
ing made at PottsviUe, Pa. •
What are presumably the largest
string beans in the world may- be seen
growing in the gardens of a resident
of Pasadena, Cal. They range from
thirty to fortv-three inches in length
and average half an inch in width.
They are not only .enormously large,
but they make a delightful table deli
cacy when cut and stewed and pre
pared with cream and • butter. The
vines bear profusely and the beans are
so large that one of them is more than
a single person can comfortably man
age. These beans are of the aristo
cratic species, and do not claim alli
ance with the common string bean.
California botanists class them as be
longing to the genus Dollchos, but ow
ing to their great length they are pop
ularly known as "yard beans.". The
plants are natives of China and Japan,
and the seeds were sent to California
from Japan.— New York Commercial.
Largest String Beans.
In the growing of cuf flowers the
greatest advances have been made
with roses, carnations and violet*.
There are now annually sold in this
country $6,000,000 to $7,000,000 worth
of cut roses. This represents some
thing like 100.000.000 or 125,000,000
flowers. The growing of roses as an
industry has developed especially in
the vicinity of our largest cities, such
as New York, Chicago and Philadel
phia. — World's Work.
Cultivation of Roses.
The late General John B. Gordon and
Governor Chandler of Georgia 'were to
gether in a hotel in Atlanta recently,
when Governor Chandler asked the
general if he had eve» known of a
witty darky. "Yes," said the general,
"one. When General Robert E. Lee
was lighting Grant in "the last days' an
old darky besieged headquarters with
request to see 'the gin'ral." • He was
turned away a dozen times. But one
day he succeeded In reaching the guard
immediately in front of General Lee's
tent, and almost got into the tent Itself
before he was stopped. Tha alterca
tion which followed was overheard by
General Lee, who called out, 'Let that
man come In!" Then Into the tent
came the fellow, a raw-boned, shamb
ling, gray-headed, gnarled old darky,
who scraped the ground with his foot
and kept turning his hat around nerv
ously In his hand.
>'* 'Well, where do you. belong?' de
manded General Lee.
. ". 'I b'longs to y'r company, gin'ral,'
returned the darky.
"'No, you don't,' declared the gen
eral, sharply. 'Everybody in. my com
pany has been shot. How is it that you
haven't been?' •*
"The darky scratched his . head.
Then from his twisted mouth came a
confidential whisper, 'Well, yo' • see,
gin'ral, It's this away. I ain't been
shot, 'cazc when day's a fight goin* on
I .always stays with the gin'rals.'" —
Lipplncott's. . .
With the Gin'rals.
California leads all the States in
the production of barley and sup
plies one-fourth of all that Is grown in
the United States.,,..
True kindliness does not abound in
any particular place. A ; conductor
on. a Ridge-avenue car itlpe other day
gave an example of how the ordinary
things of life may be made attractive
by the presence of a little kindliness.
The car stopped and a little frtrl car
rying a large doll got on. The con
ductor came In to collect Her fare.
The little girl,, who • was about six
years old, handed him a nickel.; He
looked at it and then at her. Her ex
pression was that of perplexity. The
conductor then leaned down and ask
ed her for her doll's fare. That re
quest made the little girl's perplexity
even greater. But the conductor
quickly asked her whether the doll
wasn't over three years old and t«
her negative reply he said: "Oh! I
thought she was and I was wailing
for her fare." Then he smilingly
pulled the register strap, and the
other passengers who had witnessed
the occurrence somehow or other felt
better for this little touch of whim
sical comedy. — Philadelphia Record.
Xo Fare for Doll Under Three.
First Assistant Postmaster General
Wynne gave the Jurors a shock In the
Machen trial by declaring, under oath,
that he didn't know a. Groff fastener
from a locomotive when he came into
the Postofflce Department, and when
counsel for Machen asked him If he
had ever seen a Groff fastener he con
fessed frankly that he had not. Such
a revelation of Ignorance, of course,
shocked the counsel for the grafters, so
when Mr. Wynne's predecessors. Heath
and Johnson, came on the stand the
following day a similar question waa
put to them. Each promptly answered
not only that he had seen the .Groff.
fastener, but that he could describe it.
Then counsel for the defense asked Mr.
Johnson where and when he had seen
the Groff fastener for the first time.
"I saw It first this morning," was the
reply, "on a lamppost.'* Heath and
Johnson had walked to court together
that morning, and, recalling Wynne's
testimony, had investigated for them
selves. Neither had ever known, any
thing about the Groff fastener before It
came into the postal trials, although
each had signed orders for the pur
chase of thousands of dollars* worth of
them. — New York Commercial.
Officials Not Posted.
Captain A. R. McGonnigal was for a
number of years an officer of one of
the fruit steamers plying between New
Orleans and Central American, ports.
Talking one dav with me about this
fruit trade one da ylast week, he said:
"Do you know, it amazes nje that the
fruit steamers do not succeed in rid
ding New Orleans of its rat population.
They are continually carrying rats
away from New Orleans and never
bring them back, yet the rat supply in
the Crescent City always holds up un
der the strain pretty well. 1
"I was in the trade for a good many
years, and I count this curious freak of
the Louisiana rats one of the oddest
things. I have ever been cognizant of.
While the fruit steamers lie at the
New Orleans docks the rats stow them
selves away by the scores and hun
dreds. Cats are of no avail in keep-
Ing them back. I had fifteen on board
my craft once, and. they succeeded in
doing no more than keep the rodents
below deck. On the out voyage they
are one of the biggest nuisances im
aginable, but as soon as the vessel
reaches one of the Central or South
American ports they swarm ashore, as
though the Pied Piper of Hamlin were
ashore playing on the sands.
"During the return voyage ; to New
Orleans, with my vessel loaded with
luscious fruit, and. It would, be pre
sumed, far more enticing to a rat, I
have never seen one on board. They
sail out with us, but they never come
back. I don't know how to account for
it, but the statement Is true, and I
have no . doubt the captain of every
vessel in the fruit trade out of New
Orleans' has noticed it and will sub-
Star.
Rats Always Sail Away.
Mrs. Lloyd ' Griscom, wife of the
American Minister to Japan, . who,
with a party of friends, has been tour
ing Southern California, arrived here
yesterday. Mrs. Griscom sails for the
Orient Wednesday on the liner Si
beria. -
Mr. and Mrs. Henry G. W. Dinkel
spiel have returned from a short trip
to New Orleans, New York and other
Eastern cities. They were in New
Orleans during Mardl Gras week.
. A. Dlxon of Chicago, a director of
the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, ar
rived from the south yesterday and Is
staying at the Palace.
Henry Buhl Jr. of the big dry goods
firm of Plttsburg, 'accompanied .by a
party, arrived here yesterday and Is
staying at the Palace.
Dr. S. I£ Brick and wife of Ogden
are at the Grand.
M. J. Heney, a mining man of Se
attle, is at the Palace.
B. L. Brewster, a broker of Xew
York, is at the Palace.
Arthur Levjnsky, an attorney . of
Stockton, is at the Palace.
Former Congressman A. Caminettl
of Jackson is at the Lick.
W. J. Rule, a mining man of Sono
ra, and wife are at the Lick. ¦
Judge and Mrs. Spinks of British
Columbia are at the Occidental.
E. H.- Paris, a merchant of Hono
lulu, and wife areaf the Occidental:
D. F. Henry, proprietor of a hotel
in Pittsburgh " and wffe are' guests , at
the Palace.
PERSONAL.
In the early cars a couple of fifteen
horsepower motors were thought to be
*<mple. To-day an electric locomotive
is in operation on the Baltimore and
Ohio Railroad propelled by eight 225
horsepower motors, a total of 1S00
horsepower. The first cars built had a
sealing tapacity of sixteen. Sixty is
the number of passengers that can be
seated in the latest designs. In ar
rangements for long-distance trolley
lines, the Middle West States are taking
the lead. In Indiana five roads, each
over 100 miles in length, are finished or
ia course of construction.
These two inventions, the under run
ning trolley and the direct connected
motor, are perhaps the only features
in electric car designing which have
survived the contest of changes and im
provements in the equipment of elec
tric lines.
Th- year 1*04 brings us to the quarter
century mark since the Siemens Com
pany of Berlin first connected an elec
tric motor to a truck and initiated the
electric railway. The car was crude,
and the railway a small affair, Z5Q
yards long, and of three feet three
lnch»s gauge, the third rail being used.
A species of sliding trolley on an over
head rail was invented two years later.
In 18S5 Van Depole invented the under
running trolley wheel, making feasible
the use of overhead wire conductors,
and Wellington Adams mounted the
motor directly on the car axle — the
practice up to that time having been
10 mount the- motor on a separate frame
and connect with the axle by chains
or belts.
DnrtQS Us First Quarter
Century.
Progress of the Electric Railroad
On Monday in King's bench division,
before the Lord Chief Justice, Justice
Madden and Justice Wright. Judgment
was given ' in the case of Sleater vs.
Brcwsters, Limited, which had been ar
gued before the court on a case stated
by the magistrates sitting at London
derry. Defendants, who are bakers In
that city, were summoned by the plain
tiff for having on the 26th of November
last refused to sell bread by weight,
contrary to the provision of 1st and 2d
Vic., Cap. -28. Sec. 4. The magistrates
dismissed the case on the merits, but
agreed to state a case for the King's
bench division. This set out that plain
tiff had asked defendants for a 3d loaf,
the correct weight of which should, be
two iHJunds, but on weighing the loaf
which was supplied it was found to be
deficient by one ounce. Plaintiff relied
on section 4 of the act, which provided
that bread should be sold by weight
only, and notby measure,- and imposed
a penalty of 40 shillings for a-contra
vention of the provision, which referred
to ordinary household bread and ex
empted fancy. bread and -French rolls.
It was contended on plaintiff's behalf
that it was not sufficient to weigh the
dough, but that the bread should be
weighed after being fully baked, either
in presence of the purchaser or at some
time prior to sale. For defendants It
was set out that they employed a ma
chine which cut the dough into slices,
and these when baked formed two
pound and four-pound loaves, as re
quired, that the sale. of these was on
the basis of weight affd that the re
quirements of the act had been com
plied with.
The Lord Chief Justice in delivering
the unanimous Judgment of the court
said the case must go back t« the mag
istrates, with a direction to convict,
and the plaintiff w^iild get his costs of
the argument. — London Exchange.
Selling Bread by Weight.
TWENTY-FIFTH ANNIVERSARY
OF THE TROLLEY CAR
Mr. and Mrs. Edward Brinegar en
tertained a large party of friends at
bowling on Wednesday evening. Sup
per followed the' game and the guests
were charmingly entertained. Among
those present were: Mr. and Mrs. W.
D. Fennlmore, M. and Mrs. Alva Watt,
Mr. and Mrs. James Irvine, Mr. and
Mrs. James Snook, Mr. and Mrs. Wil
liam Herman, Mr. and Mrs. C. B. York,
Mr. and Mrs. A. Gartenlaub, Mr. and
Mrs. J. P. Wallace, Mr. and Mrs. Wil
liam Shotwell, Mr. and Mrs. L. P.
Weaver, Mr. and Mrs. Bush Finnell,
Mr. and Mrs. H. D. Morton, Mr. and
Mrs. Charles Plum.
Dr. E. Zeile was host at a delight
fully informal bowling party on
Wednesday evening. Among those
present were: Mr. and Mrs. Samuel, G.
Buckbee, Miss - Grace Spreckels, Miss
Lily Spreckels.^ Burbank Somers.
Miss Ethel A. Greene, youngest
daughter of . Judge W. E. Greene, and
LathropW. Jewett, son of Mrs. Phllo
D. Jewett, will be married March 26
at 9 p. m. at the residence of Carlton
W. Greene, Union street, where Judge
Greene is. spending the winter. Only
relatives and intimate friends have
been Invited to witness the ceremony,
which will be performed, by Rev.
Bradford Leavitt. Miss Helen Jewett
will be the bride's only attendant and
Carlton W. Greene will serve the
groom as best man.
has the stoicism to withhold it from
the box office of that circus emeritus?
Besides it's distinctly good form to ex
hibit an interest in the Doctor's .Daugh
ters' philanthropy,' and it offers a. joy
ous chance to ventilate new millinery—
and that's something.
Have you seen ¦ the trap that a good
Samaritan gave to the Daughters, to be
raffled at $1 per chance? The trap, with
Its accouterments, is In the custody of
Mrs. Frederick Tallant and Mrs. Wake
field Baker. And if you don't use traps
there'll be a Yorkshire terrier, there
that might interest you, the gift of
Alexander Hamilton. Miss Blair holds
the tickets that will decide his future
custodian. Would you like it to be you?
There are few busier women on our
busy peninsula than the Doctor'*
Daughters these dars. The devoted D.
D.'s are . vigorously violating union
hours in their pursuit of success for
their horse show and circus March 25,
v.-orking while awake and plotting and
planning when asleep. But then it will
pay, and' pay handsomely, for note the
fact that all the boxes have been sold
these many sunsets, and not so very
many seats remain unchosen. So haste
ye, merry maids and matrons and gal
lant men folk, if you would see the
"greatest show on earth," and get your
seats In a hurry. Where? At Sherman
t Clay's or from any of the diligent
Daughters themselves.
Philanthropy is always an alluring
thing to patronize because it inflates
our modicum of self-esteem, but when
the method of philanthropy is enter
taining then It becomes a veritable Joy.
Ahd that is precisely what, the horse
show will be on that eventful night and
afternoon. -.
Behold the list of clever stunts and
the clever people who will do them:
Evening events, under the direction of Ed
ward S. Jones, riding master of the San Fran
cisco Riding CIul>— Grand march, by twenty
Indies and gentlemen, members and Rtiests of
the San Francleco Riding Club: drill, by
mounted narkT nollce of San Francisco- under
command, of Sereeant James H. Helms; Jeu
de Barre. by Messrs. F. J. ' Orace, Arthur
Page and A. L. I-aneerman ; hurdle Jumping,
by eight ladles, members and guests of the
Sar. Francisco Rtdinjt. Club.
Intermission— Refreshments, candy and pop
corn will be solU during the Intermission an*
the euests will be given an opportunity or
seeing and enjoylns the following special at
tractions: The pony and cart and dog to be
raffled and the smallest jony In the •world:
Random, by Miss Mabel Hogg— Polo. Goldle
and Baby; performances over obstances, by
hunters used in the San Mateo County hunt;
four tandems — Miss Lucie Klnp, Brlscon and
Vermont; Mrs. Ferdinand Stephenson, Colonel
and Peacock; Miss Mabel Hogg, Laddie and
Dandy; Miss Louise Stone, Kleber and Harry-
On Saturday afternoon the matinee
events will be as follows:
Children's march by Misses Marguerite Doe,
Ruth AVinslow, Gertrude O'Brien and Master*
Bowman Bollard, Willie Mintzer, Theodore
Lillenthal. John Breuner and Dearborn Clarlc;
clown and acrobatic specialties: Random, by
Miss Mabel Hoes — Polo. Goldle and Baby;
boxing, wrestling and pyramid, by members
of the Olympic Club.
Intermission — Refreshments, candy and pop
corn will be sold during the Intermission and
the guests will be given an opportunity of see
ing the following special attractions: The pony
and Chester pony trap and dog to be disposed
of. the smallest pony In the world, the trick
dog and the performing Japanese donkey; hur
dle Jumping by eight ladies, members arid
guesta of San Francisco Riding* Club; aeriaJ
Fpeclaltles; four tacdema — MIsa Lucle King,
Briacon and Vermont: Mrs. Ferdinand Stephen
son. Colonel and Peacock: Ml»s Mabel Hogg.
Laddie and Dandy; Miss Louise Stone, Kleber
and Harry.
Adding their charm and dexterity to
the spectacle will be the following
clever riders:
E. "W. Runyon, F. J. Grace, William N.
Dickinson Jr.. Arthur Page. A. L. Langerman,
, Athol McBean, Arnold Genthe. Mrs. W. An
derson, Miss Ida Callashan, Miss Burner
Owens Mrs. R. G. Hanford. Mrs. John Flour
noy. Miss Elsie Bperry. Miss Irene Purrlng
ton MIfs Marie Louise Parrott. Miss Margaret
Newhall.
Now, who with a dollar in his-Jeans
BY SALLY SHARP.
SUCCESS OF SOCIETY
CIRCUS IS ASSURED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 20, 1004.
38
) , ¦aviiu>nv r i ;
ohav uauaaaaK hili
,'iiori Xatuaij'i
B.V»ji AVJ M UO .M S I o«lAV
•joiunv «i«aojFHJ3 Suno.^ , oifx
'xasiioijcjcbs JLuairov a«
saiaoxs vas j oxitiiuill
iio saiuas,2iiLL do axoaas
• f nv3 Ava.vns clxzix
ADVERTISEMENTS.
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦Bini. Ku* t^ftufitamammmmamma
Tb» one object of thin announcement is to ibow
. tb»t rjtrx TUl AL bottiaa ot
MARY T. GOLDMAN'S
CRAY HAIR RESTORER
will briar back the orlgtaal color of tray and
faaca hair and Mil W»e tlie nair clean. Huffy
• nd naturtl. It »•»• n» •edla»*nt and U tl»rr»-
farc k»rml»«.. .Not • Htt. Ko wrt«ln are tho
routta that «>« *ic pKrfertiy wl'.ilr.jr to rr«t any
pwaJtil* fatora »».r* upon what can be dnnoo-
¦ urat. a T:!-n t h«-*» trial bots>s. Can we do «ny-
t litng fporv fatii v. r j.» v postage for tiione who
bar* it^rrrtriedourprrparatioa. brmi fuUnome
• Ami addrewand fc<- a«re 10 tcU u» the ort(|1na,l color
of your talr. aJuo arod aasipte of hair - Adtlrcaa
M.\i:v T. <;oi.i»jia>.
317-310 Goldman IlalUInr. R. Paul, Minn.
LtrtiCrtJiitl.frtfsll Wtfctritetahii crcrrcitr.
SOT1CK. U««at»n"S5c*or«-T«Ty fr*« mrnpi*
bnttie »e i>«t<! «>«t. )f v r did not ha»e a prepar-
ation thtit win aril on IU n-ents letrr. couid wa
aCord Uiit nctsod cf iatroductiSJl
Far by
TVorld Drr!S Co.. &15 Market rt.
V.ch'i DriiK Store. J226 Market »t.
O« ld»trta <t Cubti qialr Ktorc). »23 Mkt et.
Schools and Colleges*
UCADIVO nCSIKESS COIXEftE.OF THE
WEST. 2+ Pwt «t^, Can Kranctaco. Cat
E»iahli»h«^J 40 tmr». - ; • Open- entire' year
Writ* for Itlcatrated catalccu* (free).
' ADVERTISEMEITTS.
- 4«ll GREW THIS HASR
¦ ?(s S^iitl And wo can pR °^ E |j -
•O vL^|^^m|« U rou want y° ur halr t0 Brow THICH and LONG
¦S *W!MW l M K.^^ DANDERINE
™ iPlV^M standing oiler to wager Sl.ou) that it U the cnly
>'|B liH- ¦•'. -• • HA *R TOW5C i~x
« WmM Se&^S "* narket t0 $*J, th ?? .^ U1 P° s i«vol7 stop and ears
"3 iBflSsfliBtS PS«St *alllng Ualr and mate
•»- lm*&w' fflHb ""^^ ooiffi 80gTOWtl>nila * P<!r o 0040 '« twenty ccssceutlro
I Wmm- 4P&&S M *?Comb, a lady who bw lived lu Chlca^oalll or ?8
K Gav. Her Hair New Life
"" H ~ u - s and will Co the same for you if you c!to it a fair trtai t>««-
M.S88ARAH M.cCOMB. fig*
compared to it, asTt Is folded on xiVwsa^to^ner^
SHE IS WILLiKG TO SWEAR TO IT
KKOWLTO^I^^^cS^SSr 1 ' W ° «P«^« tWfo..owln 3 letter, '
p!ettirt». that I am sen :tin« joa this letter t&r th+ SWrfSsmMS $Fl ara now showlnir nr
«II state und*r oath If you V» d*slr* that I ¦"^DiaSJrln^f.Jr&rSSSroi^T^ "»»' rrprounco u. anJ I
growth of my halTTra* <mn aaj ono-fodrth lBch«i^MonthVittakr-f*1^2!i^Vl» 1 ?°° t^»»:vt tu^> uvera*^
month*. loa«r» at liberty to nss tbla Utter unkraea^raTbtetS?^ Vl^L . t? flv »'?,<^"=» Ja twenty
NOW itU dmnlsts In throe stzw, 25 cents. 50 cento and tiJOot^^S^
[For Sale and Guaranteed by RE0IH6T0H-& CO., Wholesaia tonts^
AS 9 EKTISEMENX3.
L, j
Miss M^Cartledge gives some
helpful advice, to yoiing girls.
Her letter is fiut one of thou-
sands which prove that nothing
is so helpful to young girls who
are just arriving at the period of
womanhood as Lydia E. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound.
11 Dear Mrs. " Pdtkham : — I cannot
praise Uydia E. Pinkhain's Vege-
table Compound too highly, for it
is the only medicine I ever tried which
cured me. ' I suffered much from my
first menstrual period, I felt so weak
and dizzy at limes 1 could not pursue
iny studies with the usual interest.
My thoughts became sluggish, 1- had
headaches, backaches and sinking
spells, also pains in the back and lower .
. lixabs. I In fact, I was sick all orer. . .
11 Finally, after many other remedies
had been tried, we were advised to get
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound, and I am pleased to say
that after taking 1 it only two weeks, a
wonderful change for the better took
place, and in a short time I was in
perfect health.- I felt buoyant, full of
life, and foend all work a pastime. I
am indeed glad to tell " my experience
with Ljdia E. Pinkham's Vege-.
table Compound, for it made a dif-
ferent girl of nie. 1 Yours very truly,
; Ml63 M. CAETLEDOtt, 533 Whitchcll St., ;
Atlanta;-, Ga.. n —fS0OO forfeit If original ef
abooe letter proving gtnulner.tsscaxnoi bepniueti.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And ail other facial blemishes are removed by
DR. anC ¦ MRS. A. :; XV ;' TRAVERSE. Donohc*
bullrtinir. 1170 Market street, cor. Taylor, rooma
23-29, ¦ Miti the electric needle, without pain or
! scar; : permanency guaranteed; Xours 1 to 4 p.m.'
v - / jffEWMAS & LEVIXSON.
SILK GLOVES w^ CANVAS
Just Received \\^ CP*" £ CUSHION TOPS
in black, white and colors, Kearay afld Sottcr Sts. O*^sS& tez J 5 °^c>i
50c, 75c, $1. CO Pair. *
The Best Sale of Ladies' Neckwear
. Values that will Send SeUing Records Far Above all Previous Efforts.
Regular 25c. to $3.00 Styles == Sale Prices, 10c to 95c. Each
(Flr«t Floor Kearuy St.)
It is impossible to overestimate the importance of- this very remarkable offering.
sale Monday at most unusual concessions in prices an immense sample line of i>b>v , i 11 l- a •
UP-TO-DATE NECKWEAR. Coming, as it does, just before the Easter season, these aainiy
neck pieces will not remain long at these astonishing prices : .
Handsome Stocks— extreme novelties Stock Collars of finest Swiss— also Da'ntv Stock Collars of fins qua ,hty
in beaded, drawn work and Persian Collar and Cuff sets beautifully em- Point Venise Lace, in cream, e.ru or
effects; real value $2.co to $3.00 „ broldered; real value 75c each; ' white; real value 35c eacn, 2Q
each, sale price...... 95C at 35C at
Silk Stocks, made by hand, in very Stylish Collar and Cuff sets, Persian Pretty Top Collars, some Persian em-
latest styles, black, white and colors; embroidered— Top Collars In open- broldered, others of Venise Lace, also
worth $1.25 and $1.50 each. _ work designs, some with Uce, ' tailor-made cotton btocks, _
Your choice.... 65C all worth 50c each, at 25C worth 25c, at AV
Ladies' Costumes, Tailor Suits and Waists
cA Magnificent' Easter 'Showing, To-morrow, of Fashion's Best
(Third Floor Kearay St.)
LADIES* HIGH -CLASS COSTUMES tr , ¦
The model Dresses of both Europe and America's most artistic manufacturers. Garments richly made of l-.repeae
Chine, Etamine and Voile— each exhibiting a tasteful blendlnj of colors, material and trimmings— specially designed
for afternoon anJ evening wear. Prices range :
$55.00, $62.50, $rr.5O, $90.00 and $95.00
BEAUTIFUL TAILOR-MADE SUITS '
Made in latest Eton effects. Materials include Etamines, Broad-doth, Voiles and Sicilians In the new spring color-
ings — all elaborately trimmed and finely tailored. Priced at
$25.00, $35.00, $45.00, $50.00 up to $110.00
HANDSOME NOVELTY WAISTS ; j
Delightful New Spring Styles in Crepe de Chine, Lace and Net— Trimmed In very latest applique, medallion, lace
and shirred effects. Prices range : ivi^ '
$12.00, $15.00, $24.00, $26.50 PP to $31^0
~~ Black Dress dobds for Spring ©WE)
The Black Dress Goods Stock is now gloriously complete. Latest weaves from the master
loomsmen of the world are represented, comprising Natte Eolians. Lace Canvases, Cobweb Voiles,
Mohair Roxanes, Fancy Lace Etamines, etc. For Monday we offer as specials:
Black Etamine, Black Cheviot and Black Seeded Veiling, Black Rope Black Lace Voile, Black Crepe,
Black Granite Cloth, 45 inches wide, Cloth, Black Fancy Canva*, all fine Armure and Black Lace Canvas-
light textures for summer wear; value Imported fabrics, real value J1.25, exquisite, sheer, all wool materials,
«i.co, at special at worth $1.50, at
75c. Yard $1.00 Yard $1.25 Yard
More New Wash Goods Arrive (1x^0
The beauty of our Wash Fabric Exhibit is being talked about. Dainty, pretty Lawns, Batistes,
Dimities, Mousselines and Organdies abound in profusion. The most complete collection we have
ever shown. These exceptional values for to-morrow:
Fancy Lawns, 29 Inches wide, In Silk Warp Mousscline de Sole— a Linen Crash Suiting, 27 inches
choice colorings and a large variety of beautiful sheer material, for summer wide, in tan, blue, red, green, and
pretty dot, figure and flower designs to gowns, In plain colors, including white, gray mixed. Thrs- goods will be
choose from ; entire lot on sale to- cream and black; worth regularly 30c In great demand this season for sum-
morrow at ¦ —on sale at - - - mer outing suits ; special at
¦ 12&c Yard 20c Yard . 25c Yard
NEW, STYLISH BELTS (S^S.O LADIES' KNIT UNDERWEAR
This Is going to be a great belt season, and we have cAttr*.dioe V sluts in Summer Weights ("earny'st!)
provided accordingly. From 30c to J6.00 we are showing Ladie$ » Ribbed Vests, made of fine maco cotton, with
a great variety of new, stylish belts. •• .- ¦ : Tights or Pants to match, special each 50c
. .Wash Belts of pique, cheviot and linen, with • * - Ladies » Snun- Silk Vests, Swiss ribbed, with hand s
pretty gilt or nickel buckles . . . . . . ... .30c $1.75 each h t kes in crcam pink or sky> fine va i ue , j| , 2 5
Leather Belts in the very latest crush' effect, . . ribbed, In cream, pink, sky and black, per pair... $l.2o
black and colors 65c to $3.50 each Ladies' Ribbed Union Suits, In silk and lisle mixed.
Silk Belts, in a great variety of novelty effects, high neck, with lone or short sleeves, also low
finely tailor-made. ...65c to $6.00 each neck and no sleeves, white only, per suit ..$1.75
NEW CATALOGUE • Our Out-ofrTown patrons can keep posted on latest Spring and Summer
y JUST OUT Styles by writing for a copy of this handsome book -- We Mail it Free.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ___ '''''' """-'- ' r
IE5SSSeBBEKBEIBSH9Bn2BBBlBBIIEBE*BHBBBBBBlHI
i Lola Montez Greme
a TO KNOW WHAT TO USE AND
5 HOW TO USE IT IS THE
1 • - ' ' '?
3 If you have never used it corns and learn. An instructive
¦ treatment free. If you are using it come*and let me teach you
5j the proper way to cure your facial defects with it/-
a MRS. NETTIE HARRISON
1 LOLA MONTEZ CREME.
a A hygienic skin food that builds new tissues,
H * s~*% makes new skin, which gradually replaces the old,
a r%&/&k^\ with its various blemishes. The skin, lmpover-
2 ra£«Pt^ ished and shrunk by age, work, worry or disease,
n eIpP^JH* is enriched and rejuvenated, and wrinkles and de-
g ¦ <$^.!i®£'& pressions are filled out and disappear. It is a
¦ restorative and preservative — not an enamel or
q rrij?:-*' i ,' : -^^5 V temporary '"bcautifier."
¦ f$ 4 U x -*- **^-^|0 A box lasting three months costs 75c. Beware
11 o f worthless imitations. ;
a **~- I& — **•*— Irs Harrison is the most scientific dermat-
5 >u*C*.£« 4 jr olojrfst in the world.
g / >'^-l2L- Ladies at a distance treated by correspond-
g «^*«-«*u», cncc for aI1 blem } s hes or defects of face or
3 figure.
a XRTAT DflY Ladies out of town sending this ad with 10c
q livlxilj oli/v m stamps will receive a book of instructions
¦ and a box of Lola Montez Crcme and a box of Face Powder FREE.
I SUPERFLUOUS HAIR "SSHMr^LSLS 'SSsOB
p mancntly removed is the only successful way — with the ELECTRIC
B NEEDLE, as operated by Mrs. Harrison.
¦ Warts, Freckles, Moles, Pimples ana Wrinkles quickly removed
¦ under my personal treatment at my Dermatological Parlors.
[ MRS. NETTIE HARRISON,
b Dermatologist.
§ 140 Geary Street, San Francisco. 5S5SRita Ogden,' 344 Stockton street, se
cured a warrant from Police V Judge
Mogan j yesterday f or . the arrest of
Charles Cole oh a charge of battery^
Cole is the employe of an automobile
company, who complained to ;the ; p6
lice . last Thursday morning .that his
mother's .breastpin, valued at .$500,
had been stolen ; from his ¦ vest pocket
while he was dozing in his room in the
Hotel Oriente, 1 4 0 Mason street. Miss
Ogden alleges that Cole sent; for her
to his room ¦ that ; morning" arid without
cause beat : her 'severely-
Alleges Cole Beat Her.
Louis Delnarl was called for ar
raignment in Judge Dunne's court
yesterday on a charge of robbery, but
failed to answer. The Judge declared
his bonds. of $300 forfeited and issued
a bench ; warrant for his arrest. He
was accused of holding up Luigi San
gali on November; 22 and taking, -an
accordion and $2 in cash from him.
George Batteate is waiting trial for
the same offense. Delnafi was held
more as a witness against Batteate
than as a principal and the. case
against him would have probably been
dismissed.
Declares Bonds Forfeited.
Benes Arraigned for 3Iurder.
George Benes was arraigned on a
charge of murder before Judge Dunne
yesterday and at the request of his
counsel was given till March 26 to
plead. Benes is accused of having on
December 17 shot and killed his wife,
Emma, In the cellar of the Humboldt
Honse, 1309 Stockton street, where she
was employed, beca.use she had left
him In Los Angeles and refused to
live with him again.
Finds Baby on Doorstep.
Patrolman NeiMteardon of the Mis
sion station . discovered ' a boy baby
about a week old on a doorstep at
1737 Folsom street ;' early 'yesterday
morning. The waif was taken to the
Emergency Hospital and : afterward
removed to the Children's Hospital.
San Fra.-cisco Veterinary College.
Next Besilon will begin June 6th. Catalogues
by applying to Dr. E. J. Creely. 610 G. G. ave.»
Every man is the architect of his own
fortune; it lies with him to build a solid
foundation. This he can do by learning
to save, for when he begins piling the
dollars. upon one another the future is
assured. You need not wait until you
have a large, amount to open a savings
account. You can do this with one dol
lar with the Phoenix ' Savings B. and L.
Assn.; 516 California street. On ordinary
accounts 4 % per cent is paid, and on one
year terms of $100 6 per cent, interest
payable semi-annually. The Phoenix has
a guarantee capital of $200,000: paid-in
capital. $1,000,000; subscribed capital,
$ 8.000.000. The directors are A. A. "Wat
kins. Chas. R. Bishop. S. Prentiss Smith,
Clarence .Grange, Gavin. McNab, Geo. C.
Eoardman, Chas.E. Ladd.- •
Man, the' Architect.
An effort will be made before the
close of the current Native Daughter
year to carry out the idea of Grand
Secretary Laura J. Frakes of placing
the portraits" of all past grand presi
dents of the order in the headquarters
in this city, so that those who visit
there or may feel an Interest will have
an opportunity to see who have held
the highest office in the organization.
Three years ago Miss Frakes en
deavored to have her idea of having
the photograph of Lily O. Reichllng,
the founder of the order,* surrounded
with those of all past grands in the
office, but owing to inability to secure
that of Senior Past Grand Mrs. Tina
L. Kane the consummation had to be
temporarily delayed. Arrangements
have been made to obtain a photo
graph of each person who has held
the office of past grand president.
Gallery of Past Grands.
E. E, Wade. J. C. TVllder. T. J. "Wilson. TV
A Worthlnrten, B. A. TVorthlngton. E. White
head.
W. J. Shotwell. Louis Elosa. Leon Elow,
¦William Sproule. H. J. Email. Charles E.
Ktokes. F. J. Ehopard. M. M. Etern. T. K.
Stateler, P. H. Stocker. Bode K. Smith J
Walter Scott. A. P. Stewart. Richard Steven
son. D. R. Sessions. A. D. EchindJer N T
Smith, F. W. Salter. A. Eehloss.
M. G. Tonini. C. I>. Taylor, H. TV. Thomas,
F TV. Thompson. C. A. Thurston. T. R Tiller
E'. M. TwIrss, H. C. Tlbbltts. ' '
T>. 'Urcohart.
R. R. Richie, "W. M. Rank. R. X. Ryan. C.
A. Rutherford. G«orre A. Ruple. A, E. Roome.
E. B. Ryan. C F. Runyon.
E. M. Fomerey. W. E. Pearce. George A.
Tarkyne J. H. Peannan. E. H. Prentlsi, F.
TV. Prince.
E. O. McConsiick. J. E. Medau. J. W Mc-
Clytnonds. J. D. Mansfield. John Martin, Jo
ceph Mcllroy. Elmer E. Mote, A. H. MofStt,
A. "5V. Morton. William Mciluatiy James H.
P. M*»on. H. M. McGregor.
W. R. Onasby.
William Kahn. J. Kruttschnltt, A. O. D.
Kerre'.l. Walter R. Knelss Gust. JC. Koeppel.
T. C. Lawson, W. G. Leale, John LeaJe, C.
Lincoln Hervey LinSley, Georg« W. Luc«, P,
M. Lund.
Frank Jaynes, Frank M. Jenifer. C. J. Jonea.
H. R. Judah. C. K. Jenkins. C. W. Jennings.
TV. O. Johnson.
V.\ J. Hardy. Georre il. Harris, F. O. Hatch.
FL B. Houghton.- Edward E. Holton. E. R.
HaJlett. 1. X. HSbberd. Avery C. Hilton. J. A.
Horsburg. William Hood. Willard T. Hunter.
H. J. Hews. W. Hearn, G. Fred Iierr. Ed S.
Harrison, B. A. Harnett.
William L.. Gerrtle. Mark Gerstle, Zae T.
George, L,. M.'Gray. H. K. Gregory, John A.
Gill. Louts Glaj*. T. H. Goodman. Rod G.
Guyett, P. K. Gordon. Robert Graham, W. G.
Gardiner.
C Clifford. John M. Crpuley. Edward Cham
bers, C. W. Colby. O. \v. Colby, L. F. <:ock
r»ift. Fred F. Conner, Dr. W. B. Coffey, C. D.
Clarke, Rore C. Cllne. Robert Capelle, C. C.
CraTie. J. H. Cooper.
E. R. DixTior.a. W. H. Davenport. R. A. Don
aldson. James B. Duffy, George F. Detrtck,
C D. Dunann.
G. XV. Fi etcher. L. M. Fletcher, George G.
Fraser. B. D. Freshman.
The election was followed by a gen
oral discussion of the subject of head
quartfrs. \rhich was finally referred to
the directors, who were authorized to
make a selection and report at the next
meeting of the organization. Among
those that signed the charter roll of
the new club are the following w^ell
kriovrn transportation men:
Jay W. Adams. H. W. Adarrs. W. R. Alb«r-
Etr. Henry A vita, F. K- A'.nsworth.
W. A. Bistell. S. F. Booth. \V. W. Brown.
<J. J. Bradley. B. T. Booxe. Jchn J. Byrne, G.
K. B*sch. V. L. Bliss Jr.. J. t=. Burnett.
The Transportation Club of San
Francisco, an organization composed of
representatives of all the railroad and
steamship companies doing business on
the Pacific Coast, was formally organ
ized in the maple room of the Palace
Hotel last evening. Officers were
elected as follows:
President. George J. Bradley, commercial
agent or the Southern Railway: vice presidents,
H. K. Gregory, assistant general passenger agent
of the Santa Ke. and W. J. Sbotwell. general
.- c :.: of the Gould line*; secretary, Walter K.
Kn«-isy, contracting agent Merchants' Dispatch
Company: treasurer. W. R. Alberger. chief
clerk of the passenger department of the Santa
Ke: director* — H. W. Adams, commercial
aser.t of the I lock Island; S. F. Booth, general
aper.t of the 1'iiJcn Pacific; F. W. Thompson,
K*n<»ral Western apr^nt of the Rock Island; W.
H. Uavenport. general agent Colorado Midland;
C I). Dur.inri. general passenger acent of the
l*ncific Coast Steamship Company; P. K. Gor
don. Pacific CoaM passencer agent of the Pied
mcr:t Air - Line; \V. T. Hunter, trawling freight
atrent Chtcapo and Northwestern; C. J. Jcnes.
asent Southern Pacific Company: Charles D.
Taylor. Pacific Coast agent International Mer
cintfk- Merlne Company.
New Organization Includes Many of
the Most Prominent Traffic Rep
resentatives on This Coast.
TRANSPORTATION MEN
FORM A SOCIAIi CLUB
Everything that Is printed In the
English language in the compilation
prepared by Director Eugene Goodwin
is also repeated' in Spanish. A list is
supplied of all the principal articles
sold by the business houses of,, San
Francisco and under each heading the
nariies of the firms dealing in the
commodities are grouped" for easy
reference. '--'••:"• >y '¦¦'
Among the statements is one of sig
nificance relative to manufactures in
California:. "There were in 1900
12.5S2 manufacturing establishments
In the State, turning out products val
ued at $S02,S74,761, as compared with
7923 establishments producing goods
valued at $213,403,996 in 1890.vCom
petent observers estimate that in two
years the figures for 1900. haye been
increased more than 25 per cent."
Director Goodwin has invited for
eign manufacturers to take advantage
of the information gathered by the
museum relative to Pacific Coast
products or of any information of a
commercial character in regard to the
United States. He has sent out also
the information that the museum I?
a public Institution; that it is not es
tablished for private gain and neither
buys nor sells goAds, but that it acts
as an intermediary to bring buyer and
seller together and ' charges no fees
for furnishing information to foreign
buyers.
Facts and statistics relative to all
branches of industry in California ac
company the publication for the en
lightenment of foreign merchants and
foreign men of business generally, fo
that the showing is comprehensive
and educational.
The Pacific Commercial Museum
has adopted effective means to have
the commercial possibilities of San
Francisco accurately and thoroughly
understood In all countries bordering
on the Pacific Ocean. Manager Eu
gene Goodwin has prepared for circu
lation a "Trade Index of San Fran
cisco." This will be widely circulated
in foreign lands, with which this city
may directly be connected in trade.
One leadipg feature of the index is a
list of all the members of the mu
seum, several hundred mercantile
firms and manufacturing and export
ing houses. /This list is published in
both the English and Spanish lan
guages. San Francisco is described in
a general way in both of the lan->
guages mentioned and some statistics
of value are afforded.
Eugene Goodwin Compiles Facts for
the Pacific Commercial Museum
to Circulate Abroad.
PREPARES IXFOR3IATION T
FOR THE FOREIGN TRADE
Auditor Hairy Baehr was sued yes
terday by W. J. Hudson for his salary
warrants as machinist at the corpora
tion yard for the months of November
and December of last year and Jan
uary and February of this year. He
claims that notwithstanding his war
rants have been approved by the city!
officials whose approval is necessary,
Baehr refuses to turn them over . to
him so that he can get his- money. He
asks^the court to issue a writ of man
date compelling the Auditor to give
up the warrants.
Hudson Wants Salary Warrants.
Captains Petty and Grattan of the
First Artillery and Captains Hunt and
Vanderbilt of the Fifth Infantry have
agreed to select five men from each of
their respective comman'ds, who have
made a record at the targets, for the
purpose of testing the Krag-Jorgen
sen rifles furnished to the
guard. The test will be made at the
range of Company D of the Fifth In
fantry, near San Rafael, at 200, 300
and 500 yards, with, service ammuni
tion. The marksmen will use up 1000
cartridges, which will be purchased by
the four companies, as the State has
no such ammunition to furnish for
target practice.
The last of this year's inspection in
the Fifth Infantry was held last night
at Livermore, the officers and mem
bers of Company I appearing in review
before the critics of the guard. *
The muster and inspection of Comr
pany H at Napa last week by Major
Wilhelm, U. S. A., and Colonel Koster
demonstrated that the censure of the
inspector last year, which* was to the
effect that the company had run down
to such an extent that it ought to be
disbanded, had a salutary effect.
There was an excellent showing as to
numbers, all but two or three being
present. The company also showed
marked improvement in regard to dis
cipline, soldierly bearing and attention
to the execution of military move
ments. In other words, the company
redee*med itself.
The inspections of the First Infantry
are now on, the first having been held
last Friday.
An election has been ordered for
captain for Company C, First Infantry,
to fill the vacancy caused by the ex
piration of Captain Moore's term of
service.
An election will be held in Company
F, Fifth Infantry, March 23, for a cap
tain to succeed Covalt, term expired.
Last October Major General Dick
inson, division commander of the Na
tional Guard; (?olonel George H.Pippy,
judge advocate on the staff of the
commander in chief; Colonel N. S.
Bangham, assistant adjutant general
of the State; Captain Simpson of the
Fifth Infantry and Captain F. V. Kees
ling, First Artillery, were appointed
a committee to revise ' the laws gov
erning tlie National Guard in this
State and to consider proposed amend
ments to the end that the same may
be made to conform to the militia law
known as the Dick bill.
A matter that is engrossing the at
tention of the guardsmen at this time,
particularly the men who shoulder the
guns, is what is to be done this year
In relation to an encampment Near
ly every man who is in the file is em
ployed in some occupation, from which
he must obtain leave of absence in
order to attend to camp duties, and
these men are required to. obtain such
leave several months in advance. The
matter has been under consideration
for some time by those in the upper
office, but nothing ¦has been done ex
cept to pass the matter from one to
another until it is now in the hands
of the commander in chief." There is
also some curiosity to know if this
year It Is to be a camp with the reg
ular army, an independent division
camp, or regimental camps. It is
probable that in view of the existence
of the new militia law it will be a
camp with the regulars, as the pur
pose of the bill is to make the militia
or National Guard conform as closely
as possible to the routine and dis
cipline of the regular army. • J
The Sharp Criticism of Last
Year Has Been Productive
of Some , Good Results
DISCUSS ANNUAL CAMP
Will Be Amended So as to
Conform to the Act Be
cently Passed by Congress
fhe alumni of St. .Mary's College,
Oakland, are preparing amammoth
benefit entertainment to be held in the
Alhambra Theater on the evening of
Tuesday, April 12. The proceeds of
the entertainment will be devoted to
the perfecting" of the physics depart
ment of the college. .
The cause has aroused [ much inter
est and several prominent theatrical
managers have volunteered to aid in
tffe work. A noted orator will deliver
the address. F. J. Sullivan. F, J.
Kierce, J. E. Richards, W. A. Kelly,
Dr. C. D. McGettigran and Dr. T.. D.
Mahier. are chairmen" of the several
committees having the affair in hand.
Alumni of Oakland Institution Will
Hold Entertainment at ; tho Al
haiiibra Theater.
MILITIA LAW
TO BE REVISED
AltKAXGE ? BIG BENEFIT
FOR ST. MARTS OOtLEGE
THR SAN FRANCISCO GALU SUNDAY, : MARCH 20, J-! 1904.
39
. Onr PERSOXAIi Columns
contain ads of general Interest.
Information of value to you
may be .obtained by reading
these ads.
AMC5EMENTS. V
vUEaVMSIA LEADIN3 THEAiHf
TO-NICHT tfZZ.
Greatest of Musical Comedy Hits— Th»
SILVER SLIPPER
with sAsnrEXi cownre.
5,S Ks> MONDAY
SPECIAL v ENGAGEMENT.
(Management FRANK McKEE.) > : .
Presenting;
HARRIET'S
HONEYMOON.
A New and Successful Comedy by Leo Dltrlch-
„ stein.
(Author of "Are You a Mason?")
Nightly," Except Sunday. ',:/''
Matinee Saturday Only. • >»
Evenings at 8:20 — Matinees at 2:30.
LYRIC ,hHALL'.--;v
- 'ADVEBTissjasina. ;
IHEBgaEHKBaHBgEDanaHHaBSHBlHHBHlHHHlllHBHHlBfla
I ' ¦ ' ' *^; * •< ' H
! Easter Novelty Garments I
« ' FASCINATING STYLES 1
j —RICH TAILORING AT 1
I MONEY SAVING PRICES !
i --• • ¦-¦ " \ . ¦
a ' v&Wb* c arc dkpky^ 11 ? now a superb I
I '.L* 4 Si>v collection of newest styles q
I Jj^tK^F Tailor-Made Suits, Jackets, |
| ; Long Coats and Skirts. §
J ,^/S^wi^/ ni^ Some arc exclusive styles, others n
¦ -^^rai i WXs perfect copies of imported high- 5
S v|3L priced garments; but no matter g
¦ i t 32^1 : I how elegant, our prices are always D
B \ i I <^^ l° w » anc^» being large manuf actur- s
I JM k^|reL Lower Than Anywhere at All |
g HIGH-CLASS NOVELTY SUITS of etamine, broadcloth and g
| Venetian at. ....>.... : g
a $25,00. $27.50, $30.00. $35.00. $37.50, $42.50, $47.50 B
5- NEWEST STYLE SPRING JACKETS, Etons, Tailor Coats, of g
¦ , cheviot, Venetian, covert and whipcord, at ....... '. ¦
g ...... $7.50. $8.50, $10.00, $11.00, $12.50, $15.00 g
¦ LATEST STYLE BOX COATS at........:..- a
| ... . . . . . . . . . .... $12.50. $15.00. k $(6.50, $20.00, $25.00 |
g EVENING WRAPS, champagne 'color, black, at ....... g
¦ ................... $25.00, $35.00, $45.00, $50.00 "
B HANDSOME ETAMINE and Crepe de Paris SKIRTS....... ¦
g ........ $7.50 to $40.00 g
g SPECIAL SUIT SALE |
H To be continued this week: g
| $18.50, $17.50, $15.00 Tailor Suits on special (t» gO Sfkm
| sale at.. ¦
a $25.00, $22^0,' $20.00 Tailor Suits on special <£ If AA ¦
g sale at A ................... $|O.UU S
H They are the newest style Eton blouse and military effect, ' g
| plain or trimmed* The greatest bargains offered this season* *g
m ¦ • ; ¦ — a
S 1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET. |
HBBaWBHBHBlBHBBaB»aaBHaHBHBBHMBa«BBHBBHBllBM
AMUST!1vrRTJTS.
• o
• "Week Commenclnjr THIS AJTER- -. O
• NOON. March 20. ©
• . o
| The Best From Two Continents S
2 First American Tour of tho Celebrated •
• Spanish Actress and Pantomlmtst. C5
: LA BELLE GUERRERO §
• In Her Pantomimic Sketch. ©
• "THE ROSE AND TUB DAGGER.* ©
• _ O
g Direct from the Empire. London. •
S TAFFARY'S DOGS I
2 Quadrupedal Comedians and Enter- 9
W taineri. {J
I BILLY CLIFFORD I
Q Tba Broadway ChaDuie. *v
© g
• AOELINA CLARA O
I ROATTINO and STEVENS §
9 Tbs Prtma Donna and tho Toe n
Q Dancer, In a Novelty Slcglnx and «\
0 Danclne Act. . *r
8 MONTELL BROTHERS !
2 Etjulllbristlc and Acrobatic Marvels. ©
• NICHOLS SISTERS \
Q Inlmttabls Coon Son« Singers. 0
I LONEY HASKELL |
q ' "THAT RASCAL."
1 8 Orpheum Motion Pictures I
I § Showinj the Latest Novelties. O
if : 2
I 7 Last Week and Unprecedented Success ;
! • of th« •
Is Emmett Corrlgan Company |
j Q Pres«nrlne "Jockey Jones." or "Ths Q
; Day of the Handicap." *
© • O
1 A Regular Matinees Every Wednesday, A
! a Thursday. Saturday and Sunday. X
• X Prices— IOc 25o and 30c. **
5— S
UNION
COURSING
PARK
P. 7. BEILIiT 2-aAf
jas. r. csacs mivv**
TO-DAY, SUNDAY, MAR. 20th
HIGH CLASS
AFITMT (?T A ITT*
Mrsi Raymond Brown
The Eminent Pianlste and Lecturer.^
FOUR TALKS ON RICHARD
WAGNER'S MUSIC DRAMAS
(AT THE PIANO.)
NEXT TUESDAY Night. "The Rln* of the
Nlebelunsen."
NEXT THURS. Night. '?Tristan and Isolde."
NEXT FRIDAY Nitht. "Die Melstersinger."
NEXT SATURDAY Afternoon. "Parsifal."
COURSE . TICKETS, $3, $2 and $1.SO.
SINGLE TICKETS, $1. 75c and 50c, at Sher-
man. _Clay & Co.'s.
Coming— SCHUMAITrT-HEIWK.
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
LYRIC HALL, 119 Eddy St.
THE M1NETTI STBIWO QUARTETTE
Eighth Season in San Francisco, and
MISS rKANCES BOCK, Piaaiate.
. Will clve
THREE CHAMEfEK MUSIC CONCERTS.
First Concert NEXT FRIDAY AFTERNOON,
MARCH 25, -at 3 o'clock.
Single Ticket, ?I. ¦'¦ Admission BOc.
Tickets on sale at Sherman & . Clay's music
store two . days • before the concert.
BASEBALL!
Chicago Nationals vs. San Francisco
SATURDAY. S P. M.. SUNDAY. 2 P. M.
RECREATION PARK. *
Eichth and Harrison.
>•/ ADMISSION 50c
RESERVED SEATS. : 25c ' - extra.
"SPRING FLOWER SHOW.
; TWENTIETH EXHIEITION
of the '
California State Ploral Society
Will be held In the
GRAND NAVE of the FERRY BUILDING*
% . San Francisco.
: THURSDAY. FRIDAY* and SATURDAY.
1 March 24; 25 and 26, 1904.
Open from 10 a. m. to 10 p. m.
'Music Evenings. .
SAN FRANCISCO.
BY AUTOMOBILE
MOBILE CARRIAGE CO.' .v «¦ ;
GOLDEN GATE AVE. and; GOUGH ST.
- Phone Private Exchange 770. .'--¦¦
: Downtown Offlces — Court' Palace Hotel:
Lobby St. Francis Hotel.' ¦. -. ; '-
HOTELS AND RESORTS.'
(New)llQTELBUTLER
. SEATTLE;
REMODELED AND REBUILT at expense
or ' $2CO,000- ; -New Management— ENTIRELY
FIREPROOF.
'LOCATION — Very. ' accessible to street car
lines. • theaters, etc. EUROPEAN PLAN.
22U. ROOMS with LUXURIOUS BATHS-,
Several private ' rooms ' in antique decorations,
Turkish Baths, In. Hotel.;
, UNSURPASSED RESTAURANT. . De ; Stel-
cer ' Chef, formerly of ¦ Waldorf-Astoria • and
Chef to Prince of Wales. ¦¦-- , •;
' HOTEL * ORCHESTRA: - Telephone Connec-
tions in every, room; long distance connections
made ': with ¦ any part of : the coast.
Wire for reservations, at our expense. '
¦BUTLER HOTEL. Seattle.. ' ,-,. . ' .-
Paiiiri* D0NT f AIL TO
I- 1 aiaWW ice- the beautiful
- COURT Lounging
51 fin room, the EMPIRE
, fl«»* P. ARLO R j the
r, '"'''"¦¦-* PALM ROOM, th«
liranfl ?touissxv. par^
A 11 * 111 * 1 LOR; and theLA-
U x 11 DIES' WRITINQ
iHotels :|
AMUSEMENTS.
.f nr'O-AMn ° p ERA \
I \JK/\i>IU HOUSE 1
I ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY |
i PTTlTCTUAliITr'AT^iaGHT.'"" i
°l I .IMI. : - -
BrOB THIS WEEK OVXiT. U
'*.'•'¦¦'- Paul Heyso'a Drama. [•]
m (English Adaptation by WUllam Winter.) ¦
¦ I MARY of MAGDALA 1
H -'' NEST WEEK— SEATS THURSDAY. '&
M MKS. riSKEia Ibsen's HEDD A GABLES ¦
»L Prices 50c, 75c, $1, 81^0, $3. JS
TIV0USS5&
TO-NIGHT, LAST TIME OF
The Gypsy Baron
Beginning; MONDAY EVENING, March 21, at
8 O'clock. .
First Production in • Ean Francisco of
A Musical ¦ Comedy In Two . Acts. Based on
Charles Dickens' Masterpiece.
Music by MANUEL KLEIN.
Words by CHARLES
Lyric* by GRANT STEWART. .
Initial App'earance Here or
D<pra de Fillippe
The Eminent Lyric Soprano.
See All \ the Famous Characters of the Story!
Many Merry Moments of Mirth and Melody!
MATINEE EVERY SATURDAY.
Usual . Popular Prices. .'.'.. ... .23c,' 60c and 73c
Proscenium and Mezzanine Box Seats. $1.00.
Sunshine : : Prosperity
' IS ALWAYS WITH US. ,
The Rounders
Greatest : Musical Success We Have Ever Had.
. So ¦ Pronounced by Press and Public.
Acted Perfectly.. Costumed : Magnificently.
- Stated Beautifully.- ,.
. And the only. .•-'All-Star". Cast In the city.
! RESERVED SEATSr-Nlghts, . 25c." 50c and
7Sc; i Saturday : and Sunilcy - Matinees. - 25c and
50c; Children at : Matinees,, 10c and; 25c •
Weekly Call; |1; per Year
CALIFORNIA
TO-NIGHT.
The Popular Comedian.
| WORTH LAND SINGER
A new day by Sidney B. Ellis.
. NEXT— The World's Greatest Marvel,
ANNA EVA FAY.
Special Matinee* for Ladies Only Wednesday
, and Saturday. '
ALCAZAR E8I Frar
¦ 3 General Manaeer.
AT 8 TO-inaHT — Mats. To-Day & Sat.
"Parsifal ghonld be «een."— CalL
Waffnsr's Zmpreiiire asirael* Play.
|, ..PARSIFAL...
Produced under the personal direction of .
¦ . Frederic Belasco. -
The music by an orchestra of Twenty.
Evgs., 25c to $1.' Mats. Sat. & Sun.. 23c to 75c.
"Given with Intense sincerity and reverence.
It cannot helu but uplift the spectator. It Is
well worth seeing." — Chronicle.
Iqr ai fi&jAb waver
S& lfc»B\3 5 5 Bir^fiaHi profs
Beta sco & Mayer. Proprietors. ..
Market street, near Eighth. Phone South 533.
MATINEE TO-DAY. I CHAM I J^
TO NIGHT LAST TIME
of tho Great Irish Play | 0 BKItW
TO-MORROW NIGHT— ALL^ NEXT WEEK.
MATINEES " SATURDAY AND SUNDAY. .
Theodore ' Kremer's Spectacular and Sensatlon-
• . :¦*¦ .'. • ai Success. v". •¦
THE KING OF DETECTIVES
The Mtlodramatlc Maaterolece of Jtbe Century.
. Drif»oc> Evenings. 10c to BOc.
r I lOCd. MaUoees. "10c. 13c. 23c.
f *PATEMTSli
MARJJEf"i3T! Sf.'^SrS^
1 OF ¦
Si:!, -Four Nominations
purse \ I y y y fubse
TRAI2* SERVICB:
L*sx»s Third and Townaend streets, 10:tS
a. m. and 1 p. m.; Twenty-f.rth and Valencia
streets five minutes later. Returning after the
last course. San Mateo electric cars every tour
minutes during tho day.
n PREPARATION.
Grand National Champion Stakes.
INGLESIDE
Coursing Park
96-DOG
OPEN STAKE.
SUNDAY, MARCH 20th
Countn* wlU*be*ln promptly at 11 a. m. •
TOTAL PRIZES :: : $1000
AH Mission-street ' can transfer to Guerrero
cars, which go direct to the park.
THOMAS TIERN«T.Jud«.
" EDWARD SHORTSTAO. Slipper.
High-Glass Spaciallles Eianr Afternoon and
T-iening in the Heated Thaatar. . .
GIIXO'3 ARTESTO: MEMPHIS KENJifZDT:
FENZ BROTHERS; TJEONZO AND
SCHEJfK; LYNB AND LEONARD: MABEL.
LAMSON AND NEW MOVINO PICTURES.
Get Lost In the MTSTIC MIRROR MAZE.
Take a TRIP DOWN THE FLUME.
Rare Animals From Every Clime ia the Zoo.
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
Admission. lOo: Children. ' Be.
Racing !p|l^ Racing!
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
NEW. CALTFORJOA ' JOCKET CLUB,
R&clsff Each "Week ' Day. Rala or STitna, .
Six or More Races Daily.
Races commence at 2:13 p. m. aaarp.
" For special trains stepping at tho track. tak«
S. P. Ferry. loot ol Market street, at 12, 12:30.
1-00 1:30 or 3 o'clock. No ¦moktnc tn Ust twa
ciri which ar« resenred tor Udl« aad ttoit
Returning train* lea»« ¥ trte* »t 4:19 aad
4:45 aod Immedlauty aftar th« last rae*. j-
,'.. TliOMAS H. WILLIAM* Pi ¦ ¦!¦¦¦! ,
PERCT W. TREAT. Secretary. ggQU
. ADVCSTISEUENTS. - _ - y
I Dry Goods -§fe^^^ Company I
• ¦ ¦ ; ©
8 i 1 g
I COATS-SUITS-SKIRTS •
• Every style possesses some special feature of dainty originality, j
S NOVELTY MAN-TAILORED SUITS |
S MAN-TAILORED WALKING SUITS S
9 A practical, sensible and artistic line, suitable to well dressers. 9
• PLAIN and MIXED WALKING SKIRTS |
g FANCY ETAMINE DRESS SKIRTS •
• The main features will continue to be variety, united to a mod- J
0 est price. • •
1 PONGEE CLOTH and SILK EVENING COATS g
•. TAILOR-MADE JACKETS and RAGLANS g
• Desirable qualities of proper fit, dainty design and good work- g
§ manship. •
g DRESSMAKING %
g Mrs. McGrath has returned, bringing personally selected chic g
o Parisian Model Costumes. •
8 8
I CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, 2
g Ge&ry ud Stocityi Streets, Union Square. g
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
~^ofumbja~QuaH1y Gyliiider Records^
iSfc^l^^. (Reduced In Price.) • •
A / tWl OC/» now buys them. Were for- .
£\V-—^ \ -S^Jv d^VB fc<»>W merly 50 cents.
rW^^u A <y^S-?^M For Gra P no P n ones and Records, I
' Columbia quality is standard the g
IfkWlftrft'^fe^^ltf W^ lir newGOLD MOULDED REC-
WAX F t B^^^gS^^4 # ORDS more beautiful in tone than
*%jj »\ ya*^'^^^!!I^Ij<fg^^H ever. Just sit down and write us for
r£jjv GET A COLUMBIA
/^K^y COLUMBIA PHONOGRAPH CO., Gchl
\@P w^7 Manufacturers^
J2*W GPAPHQPHpNES
;¦ ifcf l<ll> "P9"™HHSH9'»' ' 0jtaB»tnrd»7 Ereaiags. :'Time BaU.
Branch Hydrosraphlc Office. . U.* B. K., Mer-
;, Figures recently, published in Christl
ania show that the amount Tof -money
sent ¦ home . from the ' United States ; by
immigrants, from Norway last year wa«
$3,780,000/ r * " ¦ ' ¦ ; ' •
InEurope there are companies which
rent pillows to railway passengers .The
charge is 20 cents a-plllow for the trip.
A schoolboy In Jewell City, Mo.,' was
assigned to prepare an essay on tha
subject of "Ducks," • and this is what
he wrote: "The duck is a'low.vheavy
set bird. : composed mostly of meat and
ftathbrs. He is a mighty j poor singer,
having a hoarse voice caused by get
ting so many frogs in his neck. He
likes the. water, and carries a toy bal
loon .in his stomach. to keep him from
sinking. .The .duck "has only two lega
and .they are set. ao far back on his
running gear by, nature that; she came
purty near missing his body. Some
ducks when they get. big have curls on
their tails and are called . drakes.
Drakes don't have to set "or hatch, but
just loaf, go : swimming, and eat. If I
was to be a duck I'd. rather be a drake
every time."— New York Tribune.
Composition on Ducks.
AHRIVED. ¦ ' :**
__ Saturday. March 19.
•o£S P IUrt£ rE< ¦*"**¦«• * 2 h ™« from
Kjh5tal? { ' V * da V Gpee ? e ' 8 <5a> " 6 hour » from
. Btmr Redouflo. Krcs:. .73 Jiquti - from Port
land, via Aatoria 67 hours. • *«ri
Stmr Scotia. Johnscn, 13 houn from Boweni
Lancing. , -
gtmr Grace Dollar. Olsen. 42 hours from
cm Jr€cro.
ceft'cltf!' 1 NOrt "' Greea ' * 2 hour " trom <*«"
nu^ s * a *' Jaan»on. II day» from" Coquille
6chr Aoale Larseo, I^r«en, 20 days from
. Tacoir. a. ¦ ¦ * . . ¦ ; . • .
Bchr Deflance. BaletiVe, 15 daji from Fair-
B Sehr Onward. Thomai, 5 day* from Coquillo
'6£&?i£& Home - Uembke - 5 i * y - fr °»
Tug Dauntlew. Shea. 42 hours from San
Pefiro. xrttb etmr Grace Dollar In tow.
Saturday, March 19.
Star San Juan. L'rry. Panama. P M S 8 Co
. Etmr Epokane, Nopender. Bureka. P C S S
Co.
Stmr Bonfta. Glclow. San Pedro. PCBSCo
Stmr Santa.. Roml, Alexander. Eaa Dlreo P
CSS Co. *
SAILED.
; . " Saturday, March 19.
6tmr Mackinaw. Etcm, Tacoma.
Kuar San Juan, Urry, Panama.
Etaar Whlttler. Nlelson. Redondo.
' TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LO BOS. March 19. 10 p. nu— Weather
clear: wind JJW.; velocity 28 raile« per hour
DOMESTIC PORTE.
SEATTLE— Arrived Mar 18— Stmr City of
Puebla. hence Mar 16; stmr Centennial, hence
itZT 15-
Arrived Mar 13— Etmr Farallon. from Ekar.
xtm.y. . , . ¦ . .-¦¦.¦• • . :....-" -
Sailed Haf 19 — Br chip Belford. for Vancou- :
ver. B C. Bailed 1:20 p. m.— Stmr Senator, for
Ban Francisco. -
UMPQUA— SaUed Mar 16— Bchr Caroline, for
Ezn Pedro.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Mar 13— Br Btmr
Tottenham, from .Pott Townsrad.
GalU'd Mar 13 — £chr John G. North, for Saa
Frxnelfico.
•TATOOEH— Paaeed cut" Mar 13— Nor etmr
Shipping Intelligence.
Every year more than 500,000 Japan
ese youths qualify by age for nregular
military service, and 200,000 begin, to
serve either with the colors or as su
pernumeraries. :•;.-'''
Parts of the Sea of Azov are frozen
bo hard that, it is reported.' artillery
might with safety be maneuvered over
the surface.
The latett lumber charters reported are- '
Schooner GoMen shore, from Humboldf" Bajr
to Manila; barkentlne Jane L. Stanford L from
Bkkcley to fchanghal or Kalchou; schoonS
M **2* E v£ mtl!l w Ucm **** Soun<1 t«> Guay
aeull at 50?: Bchooner Buth E. God.'rev, from
Hasting* Mills to a direct nitrate port at 1™
Lumber Freights.
Several month3 airo the Great Falls.
Mont., library board required that as
sistants and apprentices in the libra
ry must take a course in library
work, including ordering, accession
ing, catalogueinsr and other details.
The librarian, Miss Jennie M. Conner,
has therefore been giving the instruc
tion.
The chief industry of Great Falls is
smelting copper ore. consequently the
population is largely of the laboring
class. That the children of limited
home advantages who are now attend
ing the third and sixth grades in
school might" have an introduction' to
the best literature through the story
telling hour, ;Mi£s 'Conner arranged
nine stories concerning King Arthur
and the Knights of tjlie Round Table.
Not 100 children were expected to be
present, but on every Friday after
noon more than 400 have crowded the
available rooms. Pictures are used to
illustrate the stories. The list as ar
ranged is:
: Story 1— Now Arthur beeams king: the gooO
cword" Excalibur; the great feast anil what
followed. • ***',
j Story 'Z — Arthur's court and the order of
the Round Table; Kins Arthur and the Prlr.
ces"9 Guinevere. ¦ ¦ ¦
Story a — The coming of Garet'i: tho story cf
Gareth and Lynette.
Story 4— Sif Ivalnc, Sir Balln, Sir Oraint
and Enid."
glory 0 — Arthur and Sir Aooalon: how Ar
thur fought with a giant; how .^rtJuir lcuglit
with' Rome.
•Story « — The knlsht wltb the . badly made
ccat; Sir Lancelot and Sir Brvro.
Story 7 — The adventure of wins Peltenore;
Sir I.Ancclot *nil his irlends.
Story S— How. Lancelot saved the Queen;
Sir Lancelot end the Illy maid of Artolat.
Stcry 0 — The search for the Holy Grail; the
passing of Arthur. . ¦_'
colored pictures ,rmike the room at
tractive to the little .people..
MONTANA. IS ADVANCING.
Consumption of earth as food is said
to be common, not only in China, New
Caledonia and New Guinea, but in the
Malay archipelago as well. The.testi
mony of many travelers -in t"he Orient
is that the yellow races are especially
addicted to the practice. In Java and
Sumatra the clay used undergoes a
preliminary preparation for consump
tion, being mixed with water, reduced
to a paste and the sand and other hard
substances removed. The clay is then
fcrmed into small cakes or tablets
about as thick as a lead pencil and
baked in an iron saucepan. When the
tablet emerges from this process it re
sembles a piece of dried pork. The
Japanese frequently eat small figures
roughly modeled from clay, which re
sembles the animals turned out in pas
try shops. — New York Tribune.
. It was found the other day- in Lon
don that a stolen do's, which failed to
Identify its owner, had been dosed
with anis seed by the thief. Anls seed
destroys the sense of smell temporar
ily. .The dog did not recover for two
or three days.
pcarth-Eatins Races.
Renewing Old Friendships.
Now the woman who carried a needle
In her body for. sixteen years has
turned ur». we may look for the early
revival of —
The centenarian who in zero weather
takes a twenty-mile walk before break
fast without an overcoat, saws a cord
of wood before dinner and cracks hick
ory nuts with his teeth.
The old lady who as a baby was
kissed by the Marquis de Lafayette.
The Balaklava survivor who works a ;
railroad switch.
The policeman who arrested General
Grant. e
The Adirondack guide who broke the
news to Mr. Roosevelt that he was
President.
The man who founded the Republi
can party.
The oldest inhabitant of the earth.
The man .who befriended. John D.
Rockefeller when he was in want.
The man who put the gold plank into
the St. Louis platform.
The man who fired Ihe first shot at
Fort Sumter. — New Tork Press.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. r From. Due.
Klirabsth , Coqu'lle River Mar. 20
Empire i Coos Bay Si Pt. Orford. Mar. 20
Jeanie Seattle & Tacoma Mar. l!0
Leelanaw i Tacoma ...Mar. 20
Clias. Nelson. | Seattle A Tacoma |Mar. 20
Mineoia ; Tacoma |Mar. -JO
AnuMs..: j Seattle ..(Mar. -JO
O. W. Eldtr.J Portland & Astoria. ...IMar. 20
C#ntralla I Grays Harbcr |Mar. 21
Edith Tacoma JMar. 21
Coptic China & Japan Mar. 2\
H«ro Oyster Harbor Mar. 21
Ualnier | Seattle * M'hatcom... Mar. 21
1 Hint* of Cal.. I San DIcko & Way Pts. Mar. 21
I 'onion a Humboldt Mar. 21
Coo* Bay San Pedro & Way Pts. Mar. 21
Coronado. ... . San Pedro Mar. 22
Eureka HumboMt Mar. 22
Senator j Puget Sound Ports Mar. Ti
' Titania Nanaimo Mar. 22
Arcata | Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Mar. 23
Tellus Oyster Harbor Mar. 21
Spokane | Hunibolilt Mar. 24
City Sydney.. New York via Panama. Alar. 24
fcanta Roea... Sah Diego & Way Pts. Mar. 24
Bontta... .... Newport & Way Ports. Mar. 25
Centennial... Seattle & Tacoma Mar. 25
Oregon Portland * Astoria.... Mar. 25
Ama.-ls Hamburg A Way Pts. Mar. 25
G. Llndauer. . Grays Harbor f Mar. 2ti
City Puebla.. Fuget Sound Ports.... Mar. 27
Curacao Mrxicah Ports .- Mar. 27
Alaskan New York Mar.' 27
Alameda Honolulu |Mar. 2TI
G. \\. Elder. . Portland &* Astoria .... |Mar. 30
TO 8AIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
March 30.
Aureiia. . . . Astoria & Portland 5 pm Pier 2 ,
Cjiarlna Coos Ba,y direct Pier 8
C. Nelson.. Los Angeles Ports. 2 pm Pier 211
Spokane.... Humboldt ......... 1:30 piPier a
S. Rosa San Dleso & Way. 0 am'Pler 11
Bonltu Newport, & Way.. 9 am PUr 11
March 21. I
Centralla... Los Angeles Ports. 10 amipier 10
Umatilla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier «
irr . March 22.
Coronado.. Grays Harbor .. 4 pm Pier 10
Elizabeth.. Coquilla River..... 5 pm Pier 20
Jennie ¦. Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm PUr 20
March 23.
Ncwburg... Cray* Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
Pomona.... HumboMt 1:30 p Pier u
.Slb»ria...l. China & Japan '1 pm Pltr 40
G. AV. Elder 1 Astoria *: Portland 11 am Pier 24
' . March 24.
Gureka.... Humboldt 0 am Pier 13
State of Cal San Ditgo & Way. -J am Pier 11
Coos Lay... San I'tdro t Way. 9 ampler 11
Sonoma.... Sydney & Way... 2 pm Pier 7
• March 25. --
Rainier.... Seattle t Whatcom 4 pm Pier 10
Arcata..... Coos B. & PL Orfd 12 m Pier l.'l
Anubis Hamburg & Way.. l-» m Pier 19
Neva Jan... Hono. & Kahului. u pm Pier 23
March 20.
Colon N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Senator Puget Sound Ports. U am Pier 9
March 28.
Oregon Astorta* Portland U am Pier 24
March 30. ¦. .
Centennial. Seattle & Tacoma. 2 pm Pier 20
O. Lindauer Grays Harbor. ..;.. fi pm Pier 10
March 31.- -••
City Puebla I I'uget Sound Portt 11 am Pier 9
FROM SEATTLE. - V
Steamer. . -For. -,--'\ Sails.
J Dollar..... Valdf* & Suward Mar. 20
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports. Mar. 22
City of Seattle Skagway & Way Port's. Mar.'SJ
Alkl... Skagway & Way^Porta. Mar. 23
Cottage City.- Skagway &. Way Ports. Mar. 2S
Farallon.....J Skagway It Way Ports, j Mar. 29
Movements of Steamers.
To Central America — 578* Lfcls flour 4330
F?l* C c* wine. 72 calc 123 c» whisky. 172
en* 2 cs llqucrs, 40 pkss bottled beer lo»>
lkgs potatoes and cnlons, 19'O lbs raisins tCS
lbf <*ri*d fruit. fc5t5 lbs epices, K cs canned
B^-*^. 1KI pkRs rrorerie* and provUlons. x\ cs
canned snimcn. i4,750 Ita rie»-. 27 pkjs paste
4t. lb. t*ae. 211'(J lbs Tj eg bread. 12 ce min
eral water. C5o lb* trails. 9 pkrs fresh fruit*
MO Ibs lard. 30.K23 lbs tallow. 2S pkgs ma
chinery «5 bdl« 5S pes pipe. 21.000 lb» cemfnt,
» bales Mather, 51 bales cotton. 208 ce coal oil
4 pkrs acid. 10 reels barbed wire 37 pkre dry
roods. 31 bsjes bags,- 100 kegs bla«inR pou-aer
«12f» Ibs sulphur. 12S iron rafts. 5« pk^s nll
ro«d rcattnaJ. 67 bars iron. 10 sks c«aL 7 uk*s
•e«1cr m«chln«s. 20 pk«s ml II work. 55 pes
•tflcl. II fl«ks quicksilver, 6 bales oakum 7
coils rope. trM<) lbs cyanide '
To Mex l£2— •*» **!« wine, 19 pk« drugs and
cuntfrie*, 220 lbs t.ulphur. 0 cs oils. 3 cs table
pr»parat!r-n 8 , 1 carboy acid. 112 lbs soda.
To Panama— 450 obis flour, 50 rals whirkv
To Colombla-feO tbl. Cour. 20 es beer. 25 lils
To New Tork— «5.5S3 tals wme. 200,208 Ibs
Ibs^sphaltuni. 14.000 'ibV dr?
hides. 1938 lb« letd droe*. 12 cs canned fruit 4
c* dry roodt. S9 bales Junk. 3 ca*ks tea shAu
To Jamaica— :a cs canned salmon
To Belgium— 5S, 500 lbs dried prunes
The ttcarr.er San Juan sailed yesterday fcr
Panama and way Torts with a general mer
cr.sTjdise cairo valusd at $38,115, to be dls
vrlbuuu us ro!lcw«: For Centrtl America,
$n,CS6: Mexico, $522; Panama. $1838; Colom
bia. WAi; New Vork. SJfe.472; Jamaica $»8
iifIpura. $!47»: Englana. »Kx0. The tollow-'
ing_ wen- the leading esuoits.
Shipping Merchants,
Matters cf Interrpt to Mariners and
»
KEITS OF THE OCEAN.
The ERffiehorn is quoted for reinsurance at
10 per cent; Sappho and Clematis at 25 per
tent ar.d Zwirrer at 90 per cent.
The Overdue .List
Tltanis. from Nanaimo, for Pan Francisco.
TaFfed in Mar 15»— Brig \V. G. Irwin, hence
Mar 12, fer Roche Haibor.
SAN niEHO—OutsiiJe Mar 10— Stmr Alas
kan, from New York, fcr San Francisco, via
San 'Dir.o.
PORT TOWNFENT)- Arrived Mar 10— Cr
thir Ca»<l<? RocV, hence Mar 9.
EVERETT— Anlved Mar 13— Echr -Heiress,
froM Per*. I'adlnck.
n.ALLAM BAY— Anchored Mar 1!>— Cr »hij>
Eenttcr, from Bellir.eham. lor South Africa.
ISLAND' POP.TS.
HONOLULU— Arrivtd Mar 13— Br stmr
M«ana. from Pydncy. for Vancouver.
Sailed Mar IP— Ship I. V. Chapman, for Del
aware Breakwater.
HOXOIPU— Sailed Mar 17— Schr Defender,
for Fr.n Fr:nr!fco.
HILO — 5ail«-d Mar 14— Ship Eurquehar.r.a.
fcr Delaware Breakwater.
EASTERN POSITS.
PHILADFLPHIA— Cleared Mar IS— Ship
Dirlrn, for Boston.
NEW TORK— <'learcd Mar 18— Slmr Arlzc
n»n. fcr S?n Francisco.
Cleared Mar 1J> — Br ttmr MaeRar«iua. for
Valparaiso; Br ftmr Indiatnayo, for Manila.
FOREIGN PORTS. .
CARDIFF— Arrived Mar 18— Ger bark Z!on,
from Chemalnui.
DOVER— Passed Mar IS— Ger stmr Totmcs.
from South America, lor Hamburtr.
FALMOUTH— Arrived Mar IS— Fr ship Biar
ritz, hence Oct 25; Ger ship Siam, hence
Oct 1. •
VICTORIA— Arrived Mar 19— Stmr City of
Puebla. hence Mer 16.
Arrived Mar 19 — Br stmr Tartar, from
Hongkrnc
CALLAO— Arrived Mar 10— Br bark Irorna,
from Port BUJceley.
MAXZAMILLO— Sailed Mar IS— Ger stmr
Amasie. fcr Fan Francitco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NE^\' YORK— Arrived Mar 10— Stmr La £a
vole, frcrrs Havre.
Sailed Mar 19— Stmr Graf Waldersee. for
Plymouth: stmr Umbria, for Liverpool; «tmr
'Minneapolis, for London; stmr SL Paul, for
Plymouth: stmr Kroonland, for Antwerp; stmr
Hohenzollern. for Genoa and Naples; stmr
Corinthian, for Glasgow ;' stmr Arizonan, for
San Frf.nclsco.
• HAVRE— Sailed Mcr 13— Stir.r La Gas
coRne,»fcr New York. > .
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed M«r 19— Stmr St.
Louis, for N«W York.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Mar 19— Stmra Etru
ria and Arrpenlaa. for New York.
ANTWERP— Sailed Mar .l'J— Stmr Finland,
for Sew York. |
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior to Mar 18— Slmr
China, from. San Francisco, via Honolulu, for
Hongkong.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived liar 19— Stmr New
York, from New York for- Southampton, and
jiroceed^rt.
MOVILLE— Sailed Mar 19— Sttnr Columbia,
for New Vork.
CHERBOURG— Sailed Mar 10— Stmr Moltke.
from Hambure, for New York. Mar 18— Stmr
St. Ixtulit, from Southampton, for New York.
ROTTERDAM^r-Sailed Mar 19— Stmr Pote
<Jam, for New York.
?
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survejr —
. Tiro* and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
" Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent. .
NOTE— The hijrh and low waters occur at
the city front <MUslon-street wharf) about 25
minims later than at Fort Point! the height
or tide is the mm at both places.
SUNDAY, March 20.
Sun ritfi.;. ;......*.....,,.,... ; " jTTj
Sun.ectf "" «.'«»T
Moon rises. -.....¦ .V y.'/s " p m
O lTlroe Time Time Time""
~ Ft Ft. . Ft. Ft
r|nw Jl w ,|h w t; w
20 1:01 B.0I 7:22 0.9 1:52 4.C tT5 20
21 1:3* . M 8:07 0.7 2:47 .4.3 8:04 2/J
22 2:12 8.2| 0:02 0.C 3:50 4.0 8:53 2 7
23 3:02 6.2 10:05 0.5 6:02 3.!) U:5S 2 »
24 4:03 5.1(11 :U 0.6 6:17 4.0 11:12 30
23 5:07 6.1112:17 0.4 7:C2 4.al
|L W IH W IL W |H W ¦""'
•2« ( 0:27 lM 0:221 B.lf 1:18k 0-21 S:20| . 4J6
NOTE— Jn the above exposition or the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
band column. and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence ai to time; the
j I curth time column gi vr« the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tidei aa
sometimes , occurs. The heights riven are in
addition to the sounding* of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( )
eicn precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts.-. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
chants' Exchange. San Francisco. Cal.,
March 19, 1SOI. ¦
The Time flail on the tower of the Ferrr
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
i. •.. at noon of the 11.0th meridian, or at S
p. m.. Grtt-nwlch time. J. C BURNETT.
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. In charge.
STEAM WHALERS BELUGA AND KARLCK WHICH WILL SPEND THE COMING
WINTER AMIDST THE ARCTIC ICE. THE FIRST NAMED BLUBBER
HUNTER HAS SHIPPED HER CllEW FOR A FIVE-YEAR CRUISE.
v.vajnr.ed On tlic Cliff House
A rrab-Sshirj br^t wa? ewamped an<1 sunk
?i 7 o'clo'k yesterday rnTninj In the ft^rn.y
waseris off the Cliff House, and for haJf an
hour the occupants. I'aul and Vincent Mara*'
i"uyln. strugrled tor life in the chilly brine.
Thf-y were tlrfn picked up and brought to
the rity by the LarourUe brothers, crab
fithcr5. who were cruiFlns in the vicinity.
San .Juan Sail*
The Pacific Mail Company's steamship San
Jua". Captain Urry. sailed yesterday for Pan
alr.« and way ports. She carried a full cargo
• nj about thirty passengers.
The tteam whaler Kariuk. in the stream,
with crew on beard and all ready for *ea, did
not ret sway yesterday as Captain McGregor
2.«d *x;>wt*d. If the weather permits she will
Co thi* morning. The Karluk and the B?luga.
wr.Uh Failed Friday, will winter in the Arctic.
The KarZuk'n crew shipped for a cruise not to
exifed thirty months, but the Belura's com
1 any is on the articles for five years If it
i-hould suit Captain Comlsky to prolong the
aviBf. to that :imit.
The Eteam schooner Aurelia. while coming
in to her berth at Mission etreet wharf >e«
trrday morning, fouled with her rigging and
trapped en* the Jibboom of the three-masted
t-t.hoor.er Pallor Bey. The Sailor Boy was
n:ade fa*t acroc? the end of the wharf, which
is contrary to the harbor regulations, and Jhe
t.i* carried the Aurclia against the projecting
fi-ar. '
Will Winter in the Arctic.
Sailor Boy Loses Jibboom.
pest Claims Spars and Sails— Onward Nar
rowly Escapes Disaster in the Harbor
Some Are Thrown on Beam Ends and Tem-
Walla Walla, Washr, h#s. accepted
the offer of $25,000,from Mr. Carnegie
for a library building and has agreed
to yearly : apropriate $2500 for the
maintenance of the library.;. The lot
for , the building was- donated by .Mr.
and Mrs. vT. C. Elliott, with the agree
ment that the city should remove, the
buildings ' now standing on the prop"
erty. ' ..;.;' ' . , . V . . • ¦
Saturday, afternoon is the gala hour
of the week In the children's depart
ment of the ' Seattle Public Library.
More than 300 youngsters, boys' and
gjrls of different -ages and nationali
ties, ( may there be seen absorbed *in
their" books; of. fairy -and' nature sto
ries, of travel and adventure.
ese and Chinese boys . and girls are
Just as intelligent in the selection of
their ; reading as are the American
children. All children who are able
to sign: their own names may^ take out
books. ¦ Flowers, and £ern3 and bright
A number of . valuable scientific
works have lately been presented to
the Portland, dr., Public Library for
reference use. Among the publica
tions are the 19Q2 T 3 reports of the ir
rigation of India/where irrigation hog
for many years . been experimented
with. The children's librarian of this
library has to face the condition of
a 'membership of 2700 children and *an
ownership of but 200 books in her de
partment." ¦ - - 1 : ' r . ¦' ' '
Medford,' in Southern Oregon, a place '
of 2000 population, never had a pnbllcj
library till six months ago. The expe
rience • of the enterprise has been like!
that of ..hundreds of others. A few]
earnest persons, impressed with the;
need of a public library, formed an as- |
soeiation, raised money, purchased!
books and opened a public reading- j
room. The Medford association, has j
now fifty-eight members, and upon' its j
shelves are 200 volumes. i
The Santa Rosa PuBlip Library ha3
received from Mrs. Calvin *H. Holmes
the original copy /of the constitution
and by-laws of the Santa Rosa Library
Association, organized in 1875. From a
humble' beginning' thirty year3 ago, pre
ceding by five years the passage of the
State library law, the library 'thU3 or
ganized has grown- into its present
prosperous condition. Its new $20,«5oo
C£**iegie building is the pride of So
noma County. .
PROGRESS IX OKKGOX.
The occupation of 'Fresno's new $30,4
000 Carnegie Library gives general sat'
isfaction. Three years have passed'
since the offer of the building fund'waa
made, and unexpected' delays have en
sued in the completion df the edifice.
The library board has taken great
pains to obtain a structure that' should
be both attractive and convenient for
administration. The interior is finished
In pine and redwood. Besides the large
public room there are rooms for refer
ence use, for the children's department
and an office for the librarian. As the
annual tax levy does not allow, after
paying the running expenses of the li
brary, a reasonable outlay for the pur
chase of books a strong effort is to be
made for raising money for this pur
pose by general subscription. Two in
dividuals have promised the sum of
$550, and many other sums can be read
ily obtained.
More than sixty books of valuable
classic literature have lately been given
to the Berkeley Public Library by Miss
M. D. Kellogg, the daughter of the late
ex-President Kellogg. The gift proves
to be a most acceptable one, as the. li
brary had long been in need of such
works. .
FRESNO'S. -NEW LIBRAKY.
The Santa Cruz Public Libiary has
received from 5\ D. Baldwin n check
for $100,. with the request that the sum
be expended for books of , special in
terest to the members of the Humane
Society.
Among the. valuable donations of
books lately received .by the Redding
library are sixty, volumes of ; Itaiian,
Spanish and, German works, that are
highly appreciated. .
The trustees .of the Pomona Public
Library have decided to admit children
under the age limit of 10 years to lim
ited privileges of the library. This' is
to be done by. taking the signature of
the parent or: guardian, besides that of
the. child, as a pledge. of the observance
,of . the library rules. .« ¦• , . : ;
The rapid- growth of free libraries
throughout the country brings before
their board3 - of trustees and the re
spective communities in which they ex
ist many puzzling problems: 'That of
properly" housing the increasing collec
tions; of books is very often solved by
the. '.building gifts of Mr. Carnegie.
Where, his aid is not -available in ji
large, city., there are .frequently wide
differences of opinion as to "'what is
the course to pursue in order
to provide for Ihe present wants and
the future growth of a library. Just
now Los .Anscles is in the throes -of
such a conflict of opinion. .
Four months ' ago a commission of
architects pro-no uncejd the flociing of
the Loa Angeles Public Library in the
City Ha!! to be. in a hazardous con
dition, owing to the imposition of a
strain for which the building ;had not
been designed. The, architects recom
mended that the flooring be made se
cure by carrying up steel columns frvm
the foundation of the building, at an
estimated cost of 510,000. This propo
sition is not favored by the City Super
visors. Various plans for erecting a
new library building have, for the pres
ent at least, fallen' through. Meanwhile
the monthly addition or half a ton of
new books so increases the strain on
the flooring that the library board
deems it unsafe to take further risks
and has ordered the discontinuance of
book purchasing till new library ac
commodations are secured elsewhere.
Housing- : of Increasing Col
lections Is Quest ion to Los
Angeles and Otlier Cities
— 4
BOOK ROOK IS NEEDED
Its Kapid Growth on Pacific
Coast Brings Problems Be
fore Boards of Trustees
The Eprcekels rut; Dauntless arrived yester
oay. forty-two hours from Ban Pedro, with
th* dis-abled steamer Grace Dollar Jn tow. Ths
•jraoe Dollar lost her propeller Just outside
of Aetoria. One of th» Columbia River lugs
towed her into tfce Oreron port, where &he
loaded lcmber for San Pedro. The Dauntless
trwed h'r from Astoria to San Pedro, walled
«t. thr southern rt'rt until the cargo was *li&
i barged and cot here yerterday with her pro
1-fJlerless chare*.
Briuss Her Tow to Port.
The schooner Annie Larsen, 20 days
frtnn Tacoma, with 485,000 feet of lum
ber, reports a succession of south and
southeasterly gales, which raged for
fifteen days.
The schooner Bella. 11 days from
Coquille River, with 270,000 feet ; of lum
ber, ran into the southeaster March 11.
when about fifty miles west of Cape
Blanco. For fc-ur days she fought the
tempest and in the battle carried away
her. spanker boom and Dlew away her
inner jib. She was thrown on her
beam ends and the sea washed out
cabin and forecastle. : •
The Defiance. 15 days from Fairhaven
and bringing 750,000 feet of lumber, had
south and southeast rales for ten days.
She was thrown on her beam ends
March 12 off the Columbia River and
had mainsail and two jibs blown away.
The schooner Onward- came down
from Coquille River in h xlays and was
fairly well treated by the weather, but
narrowly escaped disaster inside the
harbor. When rounding to off Alca
traz the tide took her in charge and
Ehe would have been carried on the
rocks c-1 the army island had not the
tug Sea Queen been in the vicinity to
give her a friendly hawser and tow her
to a safe anchorage.
Four lumber-laden schooners came
into the harbcr yesterday from north
ern ports and each had a tale to tell
of the severity of the last southeaster.
The Tam O'Shanter, which arrived
about midnight on Friday, 17 days from
Willapa. also experienced the full force
of the storm. . - . •?•" 1
LUMBER SCHOONERS BRINGING TALES
OF THE SEVERITY OF SOUTHEASTER
FREE LIBRARY
IDEA SPREADS
THE SAN ; FRANCISCO (CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH -20. 1904.
40
Exceptionally i valuable and In-
teresting article.; ,.
NEXT SUNDAY CALL
Guardian of ; the Vosemlte ; f or
. twenty-six years. " .
YOSE3nTE INDIANS,
¦^ By Galen, Clark"
: APVXBTISEareyTS. ' ,
GREATEST SP>CiALlST, SgiS|-<AshS I I |h J^Hy |
- cores IFlOl/ilOJCaJ UF lflCn 1
NERVOUS DEBILITY I — I VARiCOCELE 1
Cured l B 30 to CO * Jy ,. ««« J'thout pcla la fr-.a i
BLC0D m ™ ffcWk% CONTRACTED DISEASES
Cured ln CO to 00 days. Every « /( **£%& M Z T~. " - S
ve»t!ge o£ rjolson removed from n Ss £?t& U . w ln 3 to 10 dayj with- P
STRICTURE ' \3ggp^ Pi?OSTATIC TROUBLES [
Cured In. IP .day*. '. without Permanently cui«d. bo matter N
cutting, peln. druc« or d«ten- v, how tonjr standlnr th« dlae*M 1 1
tlon from businefa. \ 'In from 5 to SO days. mmm * tl
I make no charge for a friendly talk op corresDondence. 1 have b««n exclusively B
treatine private apecial diseases of men for 17 years. Nothlar actence can devisa or II
m money buy Is lacklos In. my office equipment. I will use you honestly treat you M
H - "klUfully and restore you to health in the shortest time, with the least nwdlcfne. ¦
ra d!*-ororort and exntnve practUrabla. I guarantee to cure any case I undertake One 11
II personal vl«lt l» always preferred, but. If you cannot call at my office write m* rour k-1
1 V^V^ l omcyl7br^iu &a CUTtii at fcome - FREE IK)OK T ra y I
I O.K. HOLSMAN M D '»»» 1 "*«»^T.ni«r. I
If the SERVANT QUESTION*
Is one of your troubles — end it*
Reliable men and - women are -
seeking situations through CALL
Rds.
Pdldte of Liberal Arts
The fourth great picture in colors of trje World's
Fair Official Art Series will be issued FREE With
ThJE SUNDAY CALL, MARCH 27
. -• • • -; . i@;gB® t
SI* ' .I-' .i ¦ ""*
¦ •-':' - • • ¦ . ¦ ' ' . ¦ • ' ' •, I, Bii>n
With especial pleasure The Call directs the particular. j [
attention of its readers to the next picture in this splendid se- jj
ries. It is an exceptionallv fine picture in every respect. The
ornamental features of this grand j building, perhaps the \
|i • handsomest on the Exposition grounds, are plainly shown.
Even the statuary is brought out clearly and prominently. The
i color is most charming and natural. The surroundings are [
most beautiful. In every detail and as a whole it is a superb j
picture. . i
" : - I
PALACE OF LIBERAL ARTS. v
With its sculpture crowned corner pavilions and arched
entrance rising majestically above colonnades of great doric
columns, the Palace of Liberal Arts presents a most imposing
appearance. Situated most easterly of the magnificent exhibit
palaces, covering an area of nearly nine acres, constructed with- !
out galleries, well lighted and designed to be an almost perfect
. structure for exhibit purposes, it will contsin the treasures of
science, art and industry, grouped under the head of Liberal
Arts in the Exposition classification.
. _ — ', ___ — : — ! : , k
Every Person in San Francisco, Every Resident of the Pacific
Coast"; Every Man, Woman and 'Child in the United States Ouglit
to Get This Picture 'and Every Picture. cf This Superb Series.
'i here Is No Charge for the Pictures. They Are Presented PREE
With the Sunday Call Order in Advance :• : : : :
The Call Is hi old at All the Principal Hotels and News Depots and
ty Stationers and All Train News Agents. Register a Complaint
if You Cannot Purchase a Call : : : : : •: : :The work of installing the ¦ exhibits
in the great World's Fair exhibit ¦ pal
aces has begun.
iThe Giorhale of Rome complains that
the \ trol leys of . : that .city,, are f ar : behind
those of 'American cities; and -that' they
are j often \ slower ; than (omnibuses.'^. -:m
Mme. Td Sono, a Japanese lawyer,"
said to be the only woman member. of
the bar in the land of the Mikado, was
-educated in England.
The Elbe boat /companies, and"pri
vate : individuals " engaged in the ship
ping business on -the; river have Just
formed themselves into a ! "cartel"- or
trust, which will ' go Into effect oh; the
first of January, 1904. 'The cartel has
been' formed in /order , to maintain; a
uniform freight rate, to » prevent ; Elbe
shippers from practicing disastrous
cutthroat cpmp€tltion."---irew York
Commercial. "
Hirer Elbe Shipping Trust.
OAKLAND, March 19.— The next
regular meeting of the Women's Civic
Improvement , Club will .be held ; in 1
Chabot Observatory Hall on Monday
afternoon, March 21, at 2:30. o'clock,; at
which time Dr. von Adelung, city
Health Officer, will address the club
on sanitation. The public is cordially
invited. iP-IS
Will Speak on Sanitation.
• BERKELEY,' March - 19.^-Paul My
wald, a. German, 35 years old, was over
come by a hemorrhage while working
in L. E. Melnheit's garden, on Addison
street, this afternoon 'arid died before
medical * assistance . could be . procured.
In falling" the man struck against a
picket/fence ; and received i some slight
bruises. > The Coroher.will hold an ¦ in
quest.' '.-'¦, - '. > ~ , ' / .-' .-..¦¦•, ¦ ¦
Death Overtakes .Man at . Work.
Fnncral of Mrs. Harriet E. "Cooke.
OAKLAND. March 19.— The funeral
of Mrs. Harriet E. Cooke was held to
day from the late home of the deceased
on Linden street, the services being
conducted by Rev. Charles R. Brown,
pastor of . the ' f First /Congregational
Church; assisted by Rev. Dr. 1 J. K. Mc-
Lean.
ALAMEDA, March 19.— Candidates
for the board of directors of the Adel
phtan Club, to be voted for April 17,
have been nominated as follows: Mrs.
A. J. Samuels, Mrs. H. M. Pond, Mrs.
E. J. Holt, Mrs. J. E. Higgins, Mrs.
H. M. Dana. Mrs. I. N. Chapman, Mrs.
W. A. Blssell. Mrs. H. L. /Eastman,
Mrs. Henry .Rosenthalr^ilrs. . J. J.
Searle and Mrs. E. ,, Gelderman.
Adrlphian Club Election.
Mrs. Grace Davis Northrup. so
prano; Mrs. Carroll Nicholson, con
tralto; Arthur Macurda, tenor; Harry
Perry, bass., Mr. King, the organist
will play two special \ numbers from
Mozart. *.
The work will be sung by the full
chorus choir of the church under the
direction of Alexander Stewart and
with the following soloists:
Concert at Congregational Church.
OAKLAND. March 19.-—The choir
of the First Congregational Church
¦will give {Is ninth oratorio concert to
morrow evening and will present Mo
zart's celebrated "Requiem.'\ The
quiet devotional character of the
music of this masterpiece is very ap
propriate to the spirit of the Lenten
season and it was for this reason it
was chosen for presentation- at this
time.
OAKLAND, March 19.-jSult for 120,000
damages for the crushing by a push car
o£ the foot of Sumner Cahlll, a 12-year
old child, was begun to-day against the
E. B. & A. L. Stone Company and the
Santa Fe Railway Company by the
boy's father. He claims . the car was
negligently left on an . incline by em
ployes of the companies and that it
started down- the grade and ran over
the child. The foot had to be ampu
tated. ¦ . ', , /
Asks $20,000 for Foot.
OAKLAND, March 19.— The following
marrlagre licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Joseph M. Smith,
over 21 years of age, and Emma E.
Friebel, over 18, both of Oakland; Mark
G. Curtis, 33, Alameda, and Elsie M.
Boyd, 23. Oakland; Charles Burns, 40,
ind Hilda Maclen, 31, both of Oakland;
Henry E. Marvin, 31, and Gertrude E.
Hallingsworth, 25, both of Sacramento;
Jose Duarte, 30, and Emilia Lulz, 18,
both of Mission San Jose; Joseph Var
gas, 21, and Mary G. Costa, 29, both of
Oakland. ¦£'-¦/.:'
Jlarriage Licenses.
There are two candidates for the- office ¦ of
president of the Associated Students next
year— Leo • D. Bishop and Harry Dehm. A.
C. Keane and Anthony Meany are aspirants
for the office of vice president. , .
The annual dinner > and Initiation of the
Alpha of the Phi Beta Kappa Society In Cali
fornia will be held In the. Town aand • Gown
Club Hall on Tuesday evening. March 22. at
7 o'clock. Tho committee In charge consists
of Miss Evelyn Mary Ratcllft. Ivan Mortimer
Llnforth and • Professor Mellen W. Haskell.
The band concert In the Greek Theater next
Sunday afternoon at 4 o'clock will consist of
tho following numbers: Helectlon, "Marl
tana"; quartet. .'"To God on High"; selection,
"Norma"; Largo (Handel); "The Lost Chord";
"In the Gloaming"; march; - "Star-Spangled
Banner." "The public will be welcomed.
Homer Davenport, the cartoonist j will" de
liver a lecture on Friday evening:, April 1. at
Hearst ; Hall. Sj under the aurplcea of the * Eng
lish Club. His subject , will be "The Power
of the Cartoon." *' . -
From Cambridge Mass.. comes •, the news
of the death of ,W._ J. Baxter, a member of
the , class . of '03. /./who .dUd. of typhoid fever.
He was a student at the Harvard Law School
when he was tak«n 111. He was a member
of the: Alpha Tau ; Omega . fraternity. The
funeral will be held at the young man's home
at Turlock. • .-" :=v"-:-;-. : - - ;. . ¦;'¦. /- . , . •,
BERKELEY. March 10. — The position of
graduate manager of the Associated Student
activities ' Is belngr Bought by Ezra Decoto,
the Incumbent, and A. J. Woolsey. Decoto
has served in the office three years, and wishes
to be re-elected for another two-year term,
lie is a member of the Golden Bear frater
nity and the Golden Bear Senior Society.
Woolsey has ' served for two years as assist
ant craduate manager. He is a member of
Bear Society.
OAKLAND, March 19.— Mrs. Anna
M. Liese, a pioneer woman of Alameda
County, aged 69 years, died last night
at her home, 1113 Twelfth avenue. De
ceased was well known In East Oak
land, where she has lived for the last
forty years. She was a member of
Brooklyn Rebekah Lodge Nd. 12, I. O.
O. F.; Veteran Rebekahs, East Oakland
Temple No. 7, Rathbone Sisters and the
Society of Assistant Pioneer Women of
California.
Death of Pioneer Woman.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
OAKLAND. March 19. — The fol
lowing certificates were granted by
the County Board of Education this
afternoon: High School — A. N. Shel
don, R. B. Lathrop. Grammar grade
— Carrie L. Stevenson. Anna Felman.
Permanent grammar grade — Grace S.
Sherwood, Flora E. Preble, C. J.
Gramboni, Isabel F. Morison. Gram
mar grade renewals — Helen M. Leach.
Recommended to State board for life
diplomas — Wellyn B. Clark, Morris C.
James, Mary E. ' Moore,. Donna M.
Whltalcer. For university document
—Annie W. Brewer. «
Certificates Granted.
OAKLAND, March 19.— A power of
attorney placed on .record to-day by
Josephine Pierce giving Henrietta
Pierce Watkinson the right to defend
any contest of the will of Henry Pierce,
deceased, caused the rumor that trou
ble over the probating of the estate of
the late capitalist was probable. Sam
Bell McKee, brother of Mrs. Pierce,
stated this evening that • there was
nothing in the rumor, saying:
t'My sister has gone on a visit' to the
East and gave a general power of at
torney to her sister to act for her In
any matter that might come up. The
reference to a will contest in the power
of attorney was the general wording
used in such documents, and had no
reference to her case in particular. A
year has elapsed since the will was ad
mitted to probate, and such a thing as
a contest is hardly possible at this
time."
Report Denied by Family, Who State
There Is Xo Foundation
for Talk.
RUMOR .OF CONTEST OVER,
WILL OF HENRY PIERCE
Entertainment of a 'social char
acter will be provided for the teachers
during their stay in the city.
Monday — Opening address of wel
come by Mayor Warren Olney; "The
OM Regime and Kew in the Philip
pines." a -lecture by. Professor Ber
nard Moses; "Teachers' Salaries," an
address by Governor George C. Par
dee; "Teachers' Tenure" will be the
subject of an address by Professor A.
L. Mann of the Denman Grammar
School of San Francisco; President
David Starr Jordan of Stanford Uni
versity will talk on a "Full Heart"
and in the evening will give an il
lustrated lecture on "The Hopes of
Japan."
Tuesday session — Half-hour discus
sion by superintendents; an address
on "The Broad Mind" by Profea>or
Jordan; "A School in New Yorkf' a
lecture by T. O. Crawford.* In the -af
ternoon the institute will meet in the
Oakland High School building, the
programme to be in charge of the
High School Teachers' Club. In the
evening Professor A. D. Augsburg,
Miss L. V. Sweesy and W. A. Tenny
will address the assembly.
Wednesday session — C. P. Leet will
explain the objects of the Alameda
County Teachers' Club. Professor
Moses will give a lecture entitled "The
Philippine Islands and Their Pros
pects." -*
OAKLAND, March 19. — The Ala
meda County Teachers' Institute has
been called to meet the last week of
March, beginning March 28. The fol
lowing programme has been given out
by Superintendent of Schools T. O.
Crawford:
Annual Session of School Principals
to Meet the Last Week
In March.
ALA3IEDA TEACHERS'
INSTITUTE PROGRAMME
BERKELEY, March 19.— The sopho
more students at the University of
California appointed a committee
to-day to wait upon a committee of
freshmen for the purpose of arriving at
some understanding regarding Charter
day. This committee is composed of
W. H. Hopkins, W. R. Jewett, R. H.
Elliott. R. P. Newcomb, B. S. Norton
and W. H. Boynton. It was appointed
upon the advice of John W. Geary,
Max Thelen, Philip M. Carey, Monte
Cooley and Scott Hendricks of the se
nior class, who told them that the edict
of the faculty forbidding a "rush" on
Charter day should be obeyed. It will
be the endeavor of the committee to
secure a promise from the freshmen
not to attempt to plant their class num
ber on Charter Hill on Charter day.
Otherwise there will be a "rush" and
consequent dismissal from the univer
sity, according to the promise of the
committee on student affairs.
Committees of Students Will Meet and
Try to Effect Some Amicable
Understanding.
SOPHOMORES WILL RUSH
IF THE FRESHMEN' DO
OAKLAND, March 19.— While English
and Continental playwrights have for a
century past invaded the American
stage with thousands of dramatic pieces
of varying and often questionable ex
cellence, it has come to pass at last that
a native Oaklander has made the first
breach in the conservative ranks of
German critics and has won the un
qualified and enthusiastic praise of the
German literati. Elmer B. " : Har
ris and the German version of his play,
"The Crucifixion," are now in the pub
lic eye in the old city of Hamburg. His
play has been accepted and is soon to
be produced by Baron Von Berger in
the first theater of Hamburg.
Harris is the son of Mrs. E. A. Har
ris of 1175 Market street, this city. He
is a graduate of the Oakland High
School and of the University of Cali
fornia. From the latter institution he
graduated with the- class of 1900, and
shortly afterward went into business in
San Francisco. After a year of com
mercial life he, threw up his position
and went to New York, where he -went
on the stage for the purpose of study
ing the drama from its purely mechan
ical side. He toured the East and Can
ada, revised a number of plays and
had a curtain-raiser produced in New
York. ' •
He then sailed for England with El
le^j Terry and has been made much of
by her, by the great London critic, Wil
liam' Archer, and others prominent in
English theatrical circles.
He spent a». year in Paris, being per
sonally directed in his French studies
by M. Coquelln, the elder, who did so
much for Rostand. He has since been
studying* the German drama in Dres
den. Berlin and Hamburg.
The Harris play which is now inter
esting Hamburg is a two-act tragedy
somewhat after the Ibsen type. The
problem of^VThe Crucifixion"- is based
upon a question. of heredity, and the
piece Is philosophical, dramatic and
thoroughly practical from, the stage
point of view. London and English
critics who have seen the English ver
sion, declare it to be good literature
and marked by dramatic power.
Baron von Bergen, the autocrat of the
German theatrical world and director
of the theater at Hamburg, left lying
unread on his shelves some 1200 plays
by German writers to take up the work
of Harris. The play will be staged In
Hamburg in October. Harris will re
turn to spend the summer at his home
In this city. x / \
Tragedy Written by Elmer B.
Harris to Be Giveiv
in Hamburg.
TQUNQ MAX WHO HAS WON SUC-
IN GERMANY WITH NEW
PLAT.
The inability of the prosecution to
connect the man seen in front of the
market and the man arrested was the
weak point In the case. R. S. Cameron,
who observed a man acting suspiciously
near the scene of the theft just before
the arrest, also failed to positively
identify Boeddiker as the man.
In his own behalf Boeddiker said that
he was on his way to West Berkeley
to set some whisky for his sick wife
when arrested. His testimony was sup
ported by his wife and daughter, who
declared that he had arisen at 11:30
o'clock on the night of his arrest to go
on the errand.
George Thompson, the arresting of
ficer, testified that. he had seen Boed
diker abstract twenty pounds of fish
from boxes on the sidewalk in front of
the Liberty market and then walk off
with them in a sack. Thompson said he
gave chase, but when he came up with
Boeddiker the man was empty-handed.
Afterward he found the sack of flsh in
a gutter.
A jury in Justice Edgar's court set
George Boeddiker free this afternoon
because the witnesses for the people
could not absolutely connect him with
the theft of fish he was accused of tak
ing from the Liberty. market one night
two weeks ago.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
214S Center Street, March 19.
The Regents of the University of Cal
ifornia are going to try to see if some
of the $50,000 squandered out of the
university funds by their late secretary,
W. A. McKowen, cannot be recovered
from the banks which cashed his
checks. To this end a suit was begun
this afternoon by Attorney Charles E.
Snook, legal adviser of the board,
against the First National Bank of
Oakland, the First National Bank of
Berkeley, the First National Bank of
San Francisco, the Central Bank of
Berkeley and W. A. McKowen to re
cover $1000 paid to McKowen in March,
11*02, on a check made payable to the
Regents by Bernard P. Miller.
The allegations made are that Miller*
made his check payable to the Regents
and that the check was cashed by the
banks upon its presentation by Mc-
Kowen. who, it is claimed, no au
thority to indorse the signature of the
Board of Regents. The check was
cashed by the Central Bank of Berke
ley and passed through the other banks
before reaching the First ational
Bank of Oakland, where Miller's de
posit was and from which the money
was paid.
McKowen indorsed the check by sign
ing "Regents of the University of Cali
fornia, per W. A. McKowen, sec'y."
The complaint sets up the allegation
that he had no right to do this, and
that it was the bank's buslnes to find
out whether he had before paying the
money.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, March 19.
Witnesses for People Are
Unable to Connect' Man
With the Midnight Crime
Claim Made That Institu
tions Which Cashed Checks
for Secretary Are Liable
TEST SUIT FOR $1000
A new building- would concentrate, to
the great advantage of the etudents,
the departments that are now spread
over creation. It would provide suffi
cient room for laboratories, lecture
rooms, farming implements and a mu
seum, such as a college that now ac
commodates ISO students really needs.
With this pamphlet the students of
the Agricultural Club purpose to edu
cate the people of the State. They will be
distributed everywhere. Not only this,
but the students will talk to the farmers
at farmers' Institutes and use their in
fluence with legislators In behalf of this
big project It Is hoped through all
this literature and talk to have the leg
islators of the State in such a frame of
mind by next January that they will
vote for almost anything the univer
sity asks.
Among other things this pamphlet
will show that the building is greatly
overcrowded, that every available
space from basement to roof is occupied
and that ramshackle barns and out
houses have been utilized to cover vari
ous departments. For lnstj^ice, one de
partment Is on the top flow of the bot
any building, another occupies a horse
ched that was fitted up, and still an
other works under a shed that hangs
over Strawberry Creek. Only recently
the rooms In the attic of the building
were cleared of many valuable records
and turned into offices for instructors.
Lectures are given in office rooms for
the lack of enough lecture-rooms to go
around.
TO EDUCATE PEOPLE.
The upshot of it all was the appoint
ment oZ a committee of five to put the
campaign on a practical basis. This
committee is composed of S. M. Stow,
J. E. Roadhouse. AJ R. Traphagen, F.
B. Kellogg and It. M. Filcher. It will
be this committee's first duty to com
pile a pamphlet in which the shortcom
ings of the present agricultural build
ing will be compared with those of
Eastern colleges.
Professors Hilgard and Wickson
spoke about the increasing activities
of the agricultural department and how
the present building Is being fast over
crowded by the growing demands upon
it, not only from the agricultural in
terests of the State, but the ever-In
creasing number of students. Andrew
Vekander, J. E. Roadhouse and S. M.
Slow, president of the club, spoke from
the student side of the question.
The letter of a member "of the last
Legislature was read, the writer de
claring: that It is not Impossible that
the next Legislature will vote an ap
propriation of 5230,000 or $300,000 for a
new building. The agricultural depart
ment is so ciore to so many people of
the State l>y reason of its intimate con
nection v.ith agricultural, horticultural,
dairying and other interests that if the
proper missionary work is done be
tween now and next January an appro
priation might be secured.
BUILDING OVERCROWDED.
President Wheeler told the agricul
turists that he was glad the students
had taken the initiative in working up
a sentiment in favor of a new agricul
tural building. Heretofore, he said, the
lobbying and educating had been done
by the faculty and friends of the uni
versity. Now the legislators seem td
be getting weary of the demands of the
university officers, and it is well that
the new requests come from the stu
dents, who know more than anybody
e!se what is required for their educa
tion and comfort.
For the first time in the history of
the University of California the stu
dents of the Institution have begun a
campaign for a new building. The
building that now houses the college
of agriculture at the university has be
come totally inadequate, and now tho
etudents, realizing this, have taken the
first ste^s toward securing another to
take its place.
The campaign was sent away from
the mark to-day by the Agricultural
Club, the students' organization. Thg
students met in the lecture-room of the
agricultural building, listened to
speeches and appointed committees.
President Wheeler was there, and so
were professors E. W. Hilgard and E.
J. Wickson, and they all gave valuable
advice.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
214S Center Street. March 19.
%
Pamphlets to Be Published
and Vigorous Campaign of
Education of People Begun
FACULTY HELPS SCHEME
FLAWS IN PKOSECUTION
Twelve Men PurgcBoeddiker
of Theft of Fish From Box
in Front of Meat 3Iarket
r — -
An Effort Is to Be Made
to Hold Banks for Funds
Squandered by McKowcii
JURY OF PEERS
SETS HIM FREE
REGENTS WOULD
RECOVER MONEY
tural College at Berkeley
Bigger Home for Agricul-
Buck Up a Project to Secure
STUDENTS WANT
NEW BUILDING
The chief growth in American exports
tot Russia has been . in .'cotton, agricul
tural implements, copper and its manu
factures, and naval stores.
There is talk at Nome, Alaska, ac
cording to the Springfield Republican,
of building a gambling casino on ths
ice of Bering Sea, outside the three
mile limit. This will put the casino
beyond the reach of the laws of the
United States and will make the place
about as lawless as anything could
sossibly be.— New York Tribuna.
Gambling Place in Bering Sea.
The reports of testa of structural
steel at the Boston Insurance experi
ment station show that if structural
steel is incased In a sound covering of
good concrete it is proof against cor
rosion for a period of years which is
so long as to make the subject of more
interest to our greatgrandchildren's
children than to us. Steel,' properly
covered with concrete, may be ex
pected to "last until the substitution
of a yet more modern construction
necessitates the removal of the build
ing.—Exchange. . v . '
Tests of Structural Steel.
Judging from the statements of shoe
manufacturers, wholsalers and sales
men, the demand for tan-colored shoes
and other: light shades for the ap
proaching spring and _ summer season
will not be '.phenomenal., nor will it
exceed the expectations of several
months ago. The season is now far
enough advanced to give a fair indica
tion of what may be ' expected In the
call for this class of goods. The opin
ion seems quite ; general that tans in
the; various shades will • be confined
principally. to high-class goods, a small
amount to the medium fine grades, and
with very few among the cheap lines;
that tans will sell more freely In. the
larger cities than. for several years, es
pecially in the East and Middle West,
and also that their sale will; not by a
long ¦ margin , affect that of the black
finishes.— Shoe and Leather Reporter.
Outlook for Tan-Colored Shoes.
Worcester'* and Webster's . diction
aries agree absolutely, in their definition
of : a "billion." They say: "According
to the French method ;of enumeration,
in use oh 'the continent of Europe and
in' the United" States,' a thousand mil
lions; according; to the English meth
od, used in Great Britain and the Brit
ish provinces, a million 1 millions.", "A.
R. B.'.' may contend that etymologically
a billion should mean a million raised
to the second . power. But usage often
defies - and overrules etymology. ' We
have deliberately chosen in , the United
States to call a thousand millions a bil
lion"; . and ' for us it means a thousand
millions "and- nothing else. -, .
1 "A. R. B." errs in charging! the' usage
he complains of to Journalistic license.
That usage has every official and com
mercial sanction. In his last annual re
port the Secretary of the Treasury tells
the i Speaker ' of ; the House of -; Repre
sentatives that: the Imports of - the fis
cal [year ended ; June 30, 1903, "exceede i
byTmore than ' a' hundred millions those
of any preceding year.", and for.' the first
time passed the billion dollar; line."- The
value of the imports for r the* year was
11,026,719,237/ } Evidently^ the . United
States' ( treasury .;.; holds that a ¦ billion
means a ' thousand millions.— New York
iTribunV:-'--^:^..?"': ' x-./ f ~---" ;:
A correspondent, "A. R. B.," com
plains that In a recent editorial on "The
Debts of. Nations" we fell Into a com
mon error In calling a thousand mil
lions— 1,000,000,000— a billion. In his let
ter, which we ; printed on Sunday, he
says: "It is common' in. the Journalism
of this country to designate roughly a
thousand, millions as "a billion. The
practice is based on ignorance, how
ever, and there' is no authority forlt."
"A. R. B." writes from "New York
City." We do not know where he got
his ideas of the system of numera
tion in vogue in the United States. If
he Is an 'American,: we fail to under
stand how he can argue that there is
"no authority" for "designating a thou
sand millions -as a billion." There is
every American authority for the usage
he disputes. \
What Isa Billion.
Many of the negro residents of
Princeton, Ind., are greatly worked up
over "a ghost scare. Recently Henry
Whittaker, a young colored. man, was
killed, his head being almost crushed
off between two logs.
His residence was one of a row of
houses In the eastern part of the city,
all of which were occupied by negro
families. A few nights after the man's
death residents of the houses along the
row were* frightened out of their wits,
so they claim, by strange noises and
doors mysteriously opening. The next
day several families moved out, and
now only two of tne houses are • ecu
pled. Whittaker was a fiddler, and the
colored people of that part of the city
are constantly, on the alert after sun
down now to avoid a headless man
with a fiddle under his arm. ¦*; :
The white people take no. stock in
the "negro ghost, but have a "mysteri
ous man", of their own. He wears a
long overcoat and a slouch hat, and
prowls about residences, but when
spoken to immediately glides off with
out a -word. The police will probably
take care of the "white ghost." — In
dianapolis Journal.
A Ghost Competition.
Mrs. Emma Magoon Post of North
England. Iowa. Is totally blind, yet she
successfully manages the telephone ex
change for the town and the surround
ing country and has over three hun
dred subscribers on the lines she
operate?. A striking feature of this
remarkable exchange Is its system of
bell signals. Each line is provided with
a special bell of a special .tone and
those bells are all mounted in a cab
inet a few feet from the switchboard.
There are large bells, small bells,
wire clock gongs, sleigh bells and high
keyed bicycle bells. A fine bit of steel
wire four inches long Is soldered to
each hammer, and a square sheet of
paper attached to this wire bears the
line, name or number, forming a visual
signal for the assistant operator, "who
can see. The bell cabinet Is so situated
that the paper squares may be plainly
seen from the operator's seat
Mrs. Post Is able to distinguish not
only each one of the forty-five bells
by Its peculiar tone, but also the voices
of hundreds of men, women and chil
dren whom she serves. She is a grad
uate of Iowa College for the Blind, and
was noted at that institution for quick
and retentive . memory. — New York
Commercial.
Blind Telephone Operator.
"I see you have lots of applications,"
said the advertising manager to the
business manager, who had advertised
for a typewriter and bookkeeper.
"From all over New England," said
the business manager. Jamming his
pockets full. "But what some of the
girls who answer are thinking of I can
not imagine. Here Is one girl who will
come fifty miles to take a place at $5
a week."
"Can you tell much as to their quali
fications from their letters?"
"Can I? Well, rather. For instance,
there is the writing; there is the spell-
Ing of the words; there Is the way the
letter is put together; there is even the
way the letter Is folded. Ever think
that letters are folded so as to save
time nowadays?"
"No," said the advertising man. "It's
all I can do to get the stamps to put
on 'em. My stenographer folds 'em all
right, I guess. How should it be done?"
"Easy enough, simply enough, but
folded wrong often enough." said the
business man sententiously. "If your
typewriter knows her business she
takes the sheet and folds it up from
the bottom toward the top, leaving the
proper width for the envelope, 'then
over from right to left and from left
to right — sc. Then when your letter is
opened it is right side up. See?"
- "I see," murmured the advertising
man. "And how many applicants fold
their letters that way?"
"Oh, ' three or four out of a doxen,
perhaps. Quite a commentary on busi
ness as she is taught, eh?" remarked
the business man as he strolled away.
Only a Small Percentage of Appli
cants Know the Right
Way.
HOW YOU SHOULD
FOLD A « LETTER
This plan of systematically caring
for the waste iron of railroads is of
recent origin. It is one really of slow
growth. Of course, pieces of Iron and
st?el waste rret *»\ai or the r*fus»e of
shops or wrecks have been taken care
of for years, but only in a desultory and
haphazard way. It has remained for
modern management, which is directed
eternally to discovering little, new
economics of operation, to unearth this
novel idea of savlnp money. — New York
Sun. ¦¦:• »_' ;
Many thousands of dollars are saved
to the railroad companies each year by
detailing men to look after and care
for their scrap, the pieces of iron and
steel that fall off moving cars, that
come from abandoned machinery or
from broken pieces of equipment.
Almost all of the big transportation
companies in the United States main
tain what they call scrap departments.
At two or three points on the road,
generally where there are any con
struction or extensive repair shops,
this scrap is gathered from all parts
of the system.
One r.t the duties of the tra<?k walk
ers and repair gangs is to pick up and
throw into little heaps along .the track
all bits of Iron and steel that may be
found along the right of way or that
may be left whenever any piece of
work is completed. At irregular in
tervals a scrap train Is sent over the
road for the purpose of gathering: up
these odds and ends. They are taken
to the gathering point and there care
fully sorted.
Some ingenious mechanics hare de
vised -machinery to separate and
handle these scraps. After being run
through a sort of hopper that divides
the small and the large from the other
different sizes, men are put to work
to pick out fromfthe various heaps
what mar again be utilized. Bolts,
nuts, bars, couplings and the like,
which may be used again are worked
over for further use. The refuse,
amounting to thousands of pounds,
is shaped to some Iron works that has
a contract with the company for usins
all this waste iron ami steel.
The Railway Scrap Pile.
Before President Kruger, on October
10, 1899, cent to Great Britain -the ulti
matum which made the Transvaal War
inevitable, consols had /alien 2 points
within a month, and Transvaal mine
shares had been wholly demoralized.
But on the day of the. Boer manifesto
consols rose from 103% to 103%, and
went above 104 the ensuing week. This
was the general tendency, until the
British army learned at Ladysmlth, on
October . 30, the reality of their prob
lem. What followed later every one
knows.
There had been ample warning of the
Franco-Prussian v.ar of 1870. In the
fortnight prior to actual declaration of
war British consols had fallen one and
a half 'points, and even English rail
way shares two to five .-oints apiece.
The shock was, however, as severe as
if wholly unexpected. War, was de
clared on July 15, when consols stood
at 91%; they fell by the 20th to 88%,
and with them the whole "English mar
ket gave way. Outside of France, how
ever, this depression spent itself within
a week, and by ' August the markets
were recovering.
These three j precedents constitute
three very different series of phenom
ena; in 1899, a market which failed to
break when war began, but went to
pieces considerably later; in 1898,^ a
market which did all its "discounting"
before hostilities; in 1870. a market
which broke on declaration of war* and
recovered steadily thereafter. If last
week's market belongs to either of the
three above named classes it must be
ranged under the third. But It may
occupy a class of Its own. — New. York
Evening Post.
Recent discussions had made. It
pretty plain, to most people, that finan
cial markets frequently " "discount" in
advance, and very thoroughly such
events as a declaration of war. For this
reason*, during the recent excitement,
the %-point drop in consols, and the 4
to 5 per 'cent fall in Husslan and Jap
anese bonds, and the crash in all other
foreign investment issues, caused" a
good deal of surprise.
But "discounting" is not always com
pleted beforehand. In our Spanish War
of 1893 it was. The Maine was" blown
up on February 15; but the President
did not send his "intervention message"
to Congress until April 11. This mes
sage was really the declaration of war;
yet stocks advanced 1 to 2 points on the
news of it. The market had been "over
sold."
What the Immediate Action of Mar
kets Usually Is — 1899,
1898. 1870.
WHEN DECLARATIOX
* OF WAR IS MADE
He came' to Oakland from New York
at. the request of his wife, who as niece
of the late Mary Canning was left half
of her fortun*. valued at about $73,000.
Mrs.Davitt's two brothers have threat
ened a contest over the* will of their
aunt and Mrs. Davitt, finding herself
beset with difficulties, appealed to her
husband for advice.
Upon the arrival of Mr. Davitt in
this city he stated to a Call reporter
that he, did not expect to remain here
more than a week, but that his health
had been so poor that, at the urgent
request of Mrs. Davitt, he had come
to. California in hopes that he would
get well. This evening he retired early
and could not be seen, but Mrs. Davitt
said: "My husband is suffering from
a severe j cold .which has settled upon
his lungs, which has prevented him
from leaving the house or attempting
to make any of the addresses expected
of him on St. Patrick's day. He is
asleep this evening and I am in hopes
that he will be better in the morning."
Michael Davitt, the Irish leader, is
ill with a severe attack or la grippe
at his temporary home, 573 Telegraph
avenue, in this city. He came here
from New York a week ago and at
that time was complaining of not feel
ing well. He made the trip to Cali
fornia In hope that the change of cli
mate would be. beneficial to him. . In
stead of this his malady seems to have
taken a firmer, hold upon him and for
the last two days he has been unable
to leave the house.
Oakland .Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. March 13.
Mary '/.. Chamberlain (widow) to Howard
Stlllman lot on S\V corner of Haste street
and Piedmont way. W 150. 8 100. E 150. X
to beginning, portion of lot 32. block C. map
of portion of Berkeley property, etc., Berke
ley: $100.
Margery C. Fennessy (widow) to Llzsl*
Dorothy Schraut. lot 13. block E. map of
Berkeley Homestead. Berkeley; $10o.
EthaF. Garllck (wife of J. P.) »nd Hattl*
Brown Walsh (wife of .Edward M.) to Be
*>*c«a C. Sproul (widow), lot on SW line of
Santa Clara (Mots) avenue. 120. NWoI Oak
land avenue, SW CO, KW 121.55 to SE line of
Walswortb avenue, NE along tame to Inter
section with SW line of Santa Clara avenue.
SK to beginning tots =0 and 21 block «.
map of resubdlvi«lon of blocks G and H.
Flint Tract, portion of Oakland H«lght» (deed
made subject to administration of estate of
Andrew Sproul). Oakland; $10.
Rebecca C Sproul (widow) to Etna F. Car
lick (wife of J. P.). same. Oakland; 110. '
Harry I, and Nyda W. Ilolcomb to Leo I*.
Nichols, lot on S line of Thirty -seventh »treet.
620 W of T>le*rapa avenue. W 40 S 102.60.
E 40.14. N 103.98 lot 24 Roosevelt Terrace.
Oakland; $10.
Amelia G. and A. A. Webber (husband) to
Louise Steven, lot' on W line of Mllvl*
street. SCO N of Cedar. N 40 by W 108 :«. por
tion, of lots 9 and 10. block 0. Graves A Tay
lor Tract of 40 acres, portion of plat 83. Berke
ley; $10.
Calvin D. Brown. Lottie L. and A. M. Ew-
Ing (husband) to Ada F. Brown (single), lot
on N line of Channin? way. 175 W of E1I»
worth street. W CO by N 130. portion of lot
3. block 13. map of property of College Home
strati Association. Berkeley ; 910. •_"
Leah F. Mott (single) to Dennis A. God
frey, lot on X line of Pacific avenue. 37:0 E
of Fenton street. E 37:0. N 101.34 W 37.05.
S 101.86 being lot 3 in E half of lot 2. bloc*
A. map of part of Fitch Tract. Alameda; $10.
Catherine J. or Catharina J. Touniror
(widow) to Emma Elizabeth and Mary Lydla,
Tounger (both single), lo: on 3 line of Fourto
street. 75 E of Harrison. E 73 by 3 ICO, lots
9 to 11. block 34. Kellersberger's map, Oak
land; gift.
Alameda County.
SATURDAY. MARCH 19.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Comes to California to Shake
Off. Illness, but Is Strick
en With a Severe Cold
John A. Massie, editor of a weekly
political paper called The Arrow, com
plained to the police to-day that he
had been set upon by three man near
his home this morning and beaten. He
stated that , he was waiting for a car
near his home at 1015 Linden street,
when three men approached him from
different directions. He paid no atten
tion to them until one man, he says,
struck at him. Another hit him with
a brick, he thinks, and knocked him
down. When he* got up the men ran
away.
Massie was very much frightened at
the incident and claims to know of
no reason for the alleged attack. 'He
showed the police an .umbrella which
has an initial marked upon it, which
Massie says one of the men dropped.
In his statement to the police Massie
said that they were young men with
whom he had the trouble and that
he did not believe .he had . ever seen
them before and did not know that
he would recognize them again. He
was unable to state whether they took
him for some one 'else or whether it
was "a prearranged plan. Chief of Po
lice Hodgkins says that the matter will
be looked into.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
; 1118 Broadway. March 19. _
PATIENT BESTS EASILY
John A. Massie Complains
to the Police- That He
Was Beaten by Three, Men
Michael Davitt Is' Confined
to His Oakland Home by
a Serious Indisposition
IRISH LEADER
HAS LA GRIPPE
SAYS RUFFIANS
ATTACKED HIM
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALK , SUNDAY,; MARCH 20, 1 904;
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
OAKLAND YOUTH
WINS FAME AS
A PLAYWRIGHT
41
BOOSTING."
If you contemplate buying a
SUBURBAN HOME — do it now.
Oar REAL ESTATE columns
contain some snaps to-day.
THE "BOOSTERS ARE
OAKIjASD.
1118 Brqadway. »
Telephone Main 10SX )
BEHKELET. j
2148 Center Street. ;
Telephone North 77. t
ALAMEDA.
1433 Park Street.
Telephone Eagle 503.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTYTHE SAN FRANGISGO GALL, SUNDAY. MARCH 20,, 1904.
42
REAL ESTATE^— CITY-~FOR^^yAXE. 1
BALDWIN 4 HOWiaXv ! J
20 Post st. ' •
$210,000— Bush st. (downtown location); large
lot; new 6-story brick building, used as
a hotel; rents $18,600 per annum.
$14.000— Sutter-st. corner; lot 27:6x120; large J
2-btory frame dwelling; splendid site
for new building. • -\.
$45,000— Saeramento-et. corner; 9. new flats.
containing e and 7 rooms and bath c
each: Just finished; rents $350 per mo. «
$0,800— Willard sU; rents $00 per month^new a
building of 3 flats of 6. 5 and a rooms
and bath each; lot 25x108.
$12.000— Natoma st. (key lot), near 4th: e jUe 1
85x80; house of 18 rooms; rents $85.
$."55.000— Taylor tt. • (downtown location): 3- «
etoo- frame building, containing 3 flats; *
lot 25x87:6. - m , --. .
$3,000— Albion ave.. near 15th St.; 2 flats of
6 and 6 rooms and bath each; rents $4a. J
$12,500— Broad way-st. corner. . near Mason; lot 1
28x62:6; a-story brick building, con- <
taming «tore and ll'roms above, and
house in rear on. small- street. J
$4,750— Vlcksburr St., near l"3d : now , r«sl- c
denee of 7 rooms, bath and basement; r
lot 26:8x117:6 to an alley. ¦- «
$4,100— Vallejo St., near Jones; 2 flats of 4
rooms and bath each; rents $34. .
$2,35(i— Turk ft., near Baker; cottage of 4 I
rooms and high basement; lot 24:6«4x 1
$8,5C0— UtvlsiuJero st., near Halght:'2 flats of
6 and 7 rooms and bath each; lot 28z 1
100; rents $t;0. . ,„ „ ]
$11.250— Brannan st.. near 3d; lot 137:6xl3i :«: i
two 2-story frame buildings; rents $j3
per month. .. , ' .
$70,000— 3d-«t. corner; large lot, well lm- 1
provt-d; rents %HT>1 60 per month. (
$5,250— Oth ave.. near K at.; lot 50x120; 2- i
story house of 7 rooms and bath; in ex- i
ctllent order; hardwood floors, etc. ; only j
2 years old; lot 50x120. '
' $12,C00 — Central ave.. near Fulton st.: lot 40x
! 70; 4 new flats of 4 and. 5 rooms and t
bath each; rents $105. ' 1
*0,500— Khrader St.. near Waller: lot 2Bx , l
131:3: i-plendid building; in perfect or- \ l
dcr, containing- 15 rooms and 2 baths. , 1
in n»rarate apartments; house built,
about 5 years: rents $80 per month. t
! $13,000— California st. (north line); lot Wx90; • «
J 2 houses, containing 0 rooms and bath j
.each; rents *5>5. ; >i#> I ¦ >
i $12.500— De\1sadero-st. corner; lot 2i:SV4XllO; l
large residence of 10 rooms and bath. i i
l 15,500 — Webster st.. near Union; 2 flats of 6 j
i and 7 rooms and bath each; rents 1
*51 CO per month; lot 25x100. " i I
$7,000— Ist-st. corner; lot 25x75; 2-etory r*sl- J ]
deuce of 10 rooms and bath; brick foun- 1
dit Ion ; rent $32 50 per month.
CHEAPEST AND CHOICEST HOME
BUILDING LOTS. . •
On Official Grades tn Sunset District. 1
. SEWERED AND MACADAMIZED.
i Between H and I Streets.
: In Blocks Fronting Golden Gate P«rk. I
J ELECTRIC CARS PASS THESE
! PROPERTIES.
', Sold on Your Own Terms and
< Monthly installments. :
' Price $825 and Upward.
: See These Building Sites and Judge for Yourself •
i BALDWIN & HOWELL, 25 Post St.
i Branch Office. Corner H St. and Seventh Ave.
Open Every Day, Including Sundays.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS MARINE VIEW
RESIDENCE SITES.
Selling fasti Prices most reasonable. Terms
to suit.
Property and streets on official grades; sewer
work done; see the buildings now going on in
block. -
Bounded by Vallejo. Green. Broderick and
| Baker sts. Select your building site. For fur-
, ther Information apply at office. I
• BALDWN & HOWELL. !
I 25 POST STREET, j
1 '."-'- < .. IZZZ^___— — — —
i MADISON & BURKE.
! REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
I ESTABLISHED JANUARY, 1S5S.
\ CO Montgomery Bt Opposite Lick House
' $19,000 — Devisadero St.; store and flats; lot
! 30x82:6; new building; rent $150.
i $30,000 — Inside business property; on Third I
• St.; rent ?22S0 per annum. j
1 $7,500 — Sacramento, st., north line. near'.
Steiner; 0-room house, in fine condition; !
this ia a nice home. . ;
$13,500— Thirteenth tt., near Market; 6 flats;
annual rents $12S4; lot 80 feet front.
fl2,<XV! — Post st.: two large, well constructed !
houses; very large lot. j
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT. !
i $3,000—6 flats and -tore below; near Sixth 1
1 and Brannan sts.; renf$S(J per month; j
¦ new bulldlnr. . J
j $?,000 — A-hbury st., near Frederick: a fine .
large 10-room house; near the Park; '
': billiard-room, finished attVc and - all '
modern conveniences. • ,
1 $5,000 — Cottage and lot; Bartlett st., near
¦ Twenty-flrst; 6 rooms and bath; all
¦ latest improvements.
! LOTS
«10,BOO— Half 50-vara. 6S:0xl37:6; Broadway,
; near Fillmore st.; grand marine view. .
$3,000— Steiner st., near Geary; 2 lots, 55x
I 137:0 feet.
$4,600— ChattanooRn *t., near Twenty-third;
large lot. 05x117:8 to rear street.
I $2,500— Dolores st.. near Twenty-third-, 23-
! foot lot running to street in rear; must
| sell to close estate.
i $10.750 — Page st.; 2 up-to-date flat*". 6 and 7
; - rooms and bath; annual rent $300.
! Lots 27:6xl37:d, on Sutter St.. between Steiner
and Pierce.
Building lots, northeast corner Golden Gale
ave. and flakfr st. : In sizes to suit;
prices from $2000 upward.
Three lot*, each 27:flxi37:H. on scuth line of
Geary St., near Fillmore.
MADISON & BURKE.
SO Montgomery jt.. opp. Lick Houie.
GREAT SUCCESS.
: WESTERN ADDITION BLOCK SELLING
FAST;
LARGE LOTS IN JORDAN TRACT IN BIO I
DEMAND.
, PRICES $1700 TO $1850.
I I — •
. ! \A short time ato Western Addition block
, j No. 855. a portion of the Jordan Tract, was |
, 'offered for sale in lots, most of which are
; I not.less than 33:4x129, since which time S lote
havV been sold in spite of Inclement weather.
Bulldln: restrictions which hold good for 10
years will be enforced.. These restrictions pro-
hibit the uie of the property during- this pe-
• rlod for stores, laundries, coal yards, etc.
Three-stary flats are also barred.
These restrictions and the large lots are at-
tracting a su:>erior class of purchasers who
believe that a block sold in this manner will
• Increase in value, as well ss those who want
( to make "defirRbie 'Improvements" without the.
» i fear of- belnir Injured by their neighbors.
Terms of sal* are one-flfth cash, balance in
4 yearly payments of one-fifth each, due In 1,
2. 3 and 4 years, with the privilege of paying
• faster. ¦. i
; The property enjoy* unexcelled car facilities,
being reached. by the Geary. Eddv and Sacra-
mento st. lines, as weir as the Sutter-st. road,
which transfers to the Cleme.nt-st.. line.
> The prices range from $ R2 60 to $55 a front
foot, which is e.xtremely low for property *•>
well eituated. S-inre the ' property was placed
on the market 8 lots have I been sold. . The
' streets are all SO, feet wide, - graded, sewered
« «rd macarts mired.
» LYON & HOAG, • •
> 116 MONTGOMERY ST.
r - •
t . HAWKS & SKELTON.. ...
Rents Collected and ¦ Enltre . Charge Taken of
Property. •'..•;
$20,000— Larkin st., near Chestnut: modern
• artistic house of,!), rooms. 2 bathrooms
; and billiard room;. hardwood floors, nat-
r ural wuod finish; furnace; grand view
from every window: dining, room looks
. out on the Golden Gate; 1 block from
Hyde-st. cars: lot 27x137.'
t $18,000— Sunny lot, with superb view of bay
and Wentern Addition; sunset vlewn
magnificent: NW. corner of. Larkin and
i Chestnut st-.; 66x137., .- ' .
• f - _.^_ ¦ ¦ " ; "-*'¦¦-'
$7,2C0 — Marine view lot; Hyde St., near Chest-
nut: rn?:"ixllO: very fine view- a*«.ured;
new building each side of it; on Hyde-
: '. st. car line. - = ¦
) ¦ ¦ -. . • . ¦ a
t S.5,'X)0— I*ot SW. corner Larkin and 'Lombard
sts.; 2SxK5; fine, marine view from
every window; choice location for home.
3 'or fl*t». .. : . . "¦ . . . . . - - .
t $12,000—3 new flats, near Hals-tit and Ashbury
sts.; modern every way; 6,. 7, .7 rooms;
will rent for $100 or better readily. •
" HAWKS & SKELTON. 323 Montgomery st.
. RAYMOND, ARMSTRONG & CO., v . . : " -
. Room 2. 7th floor. Mills Bldg.
s -$7,5C0 — Delightful- residence on ¦ far-famed
.College ' Heights; -lovely sunny ¦- corner:
3 new, house. of 9 rooms; up to. date
throughout: grand marine views;, warm
6 and mild climate. - - .';.:¦-•
$4,000— 1st ave., between Golden Gate ave.
and Turk St.; houee just finished ; up
». to date; not occupied: 0 ; large C rooms,
- '¦ ¦ • toilet, • bathroom. : etc. .....'-..-.. > '. .
$15.000— North side Clay «t.. near Maple et.:
modern residence, 10 rooms: very, sun-
- ny; very attractive; substantial and well
- finished; colonial architecture. :. .
e $35.000 — Turk st, between Lea venworth -and
d Hyde st.; old Improvements: 'lot 60x87:0.
y RAYMOND, ARMSTRONO - & CO..
it :.¦¦•¦» - MILLS BUILDING.
INCOME property: south of Market and China-
town: homes Richmond, Sunset. Mission dis-
tricts; printed list city and country property;
- ¦¦ exchanges. W.- J. White, 26 Montgomery, r. 5.
i; . .*',.'.' ' '.'
n BUILD 'en ycur unimproved realty; we. loaa
r, . full- cost in-sprov. and part lot at C per cant.
¦ MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker bulldlag.
REAL ESTATJB~C1TY-— FOR S->^R' t •
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.. " £
638 MARKET ST.
AUCTION
AUCTION $
TUESDAY ¦ -.;•."., . March. 20, 1004
At. our salesrooms at 12 o'clock noon.
PINE-STREET RESIDENCE. -
26C7 Pine et.. east of . Devlsadero; a most
desirable 2-story residence, containing 6 rooms
and bath and renting for $35 per month; mort-
gage 'of $.".500 can remain.- -
TURK-STREET INVESTMENT. i
822 Turk St., east of Gough at.; extremely
large lot. .'18:9x87:8: substantial improvements; [
2-story house containing 17 large rooms and
bath; renting for $76 month and mortgage of I
$6000 can" remain . • '
ASHBURY - HEIGHTS BUILDING. LOT. 1
Easterly line of Lotta st., 100 feet south of
Parnassus at.; lot 25x101; this property \p
beautiluily situated and commands an ex- <
ceHent view. .
PINE STREET. NEAR HYDE.
N. line of Pine -t.. No. 1312; Improvements , \
consist of a desirable residence. .8 spacious
rooms; new modern plumbing; porcelain bath, j
•tC. '
MISSION COTTAGE.
217 Montcalm ' st., near Isabelle; large lot,
50x70 ft. ; betutif ul 6-room cottage, outbuild-
ing-, barn, chicken-house, etc. !
WALLER-STREET BUILDING LOT.
S. line of Waller St.. 25 ft. west of Belvedere;
lot 25x100. -This lot is situated near the Park
Panhandle District and is a particularly de-
elrable Mte for building purposes.
"•• - - MISSION RESIDENCE. w I
Easterly line of Howard St.. south of 20th. |
known as 2417 Howard st.; extremely large ,
grounds: C2 feet by 122:6; a most beautiful. 1
residence thereon. 14 rooms.- porcelain bath; j
new plumbing throughout; place heated by
gas and fumeee. ' -
OCEAN BEACH BUILDING LOTS.
Westerly line of 47th ave.. 100 ft. S. of K .
St.; 10 building lots, -25x120 ft. each; these •
lots may be purchased by small cash pay-
ments, balance monthly; streets graded; lots
ready for building; an unobstructed view of;
the ocean. - i
FILLMORE-STREET INVESTMENT.
Nos. 3114-1«-18 Fillmore St., 'near Green-!?
wich; lot 32:HxS2:B; Improvements, 2 stores
with living ro*ms and a large concert or lodge
rcom nbove*, known as Union Hall: -tores {
rent for $li! each per month; hall rented al- j
most nightly at $5 per night. J
CASTRO-STREET BUILDING LOT. j
East line of Castro St., 71:6 S. of Army St.; . !
lot 25x118 ft.; this property Is in a delightful
portion of the Mission and would make a de-
lightful site fcr a residence.
For further particulars apply to
EASTON, ELDRIDGE &. CO..
038 Market street.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.. ¦
638 MARKET ST.
$SO,000— N.W. cor. ct Polk St.. 65 foot froR*- !
agi:; improvements old; an excellent)
* - site for apartment house.
$17,000 — Guerrero-st. corner: SOxlOO; Im- .
proved; 4 flats, tt rooms and bath each;
cottage of 0 rooms on 30 f%et; 50 f?et
unimproved.
$10,000— N.W. cor. of Howard st. ; stores and j!
flats: a large lot. «0 ft. frontage;
could be further Improved to pay well.
$9,750^-3 new flats, 5-5-0 rooms, pwrcelaln
bath, stationary washrtands, elegant
mantels; rents low at $02 60; Waller
. st., near Webster.
$0,350—2 new flats. Park Panhandle district;
7 rooms each: perfect beauties; don t
miss this; rents $77 50.
$0.250— An elegant residence in Park Pan-
handle district: N.W. corner; abundance
or sunshine; beautiful view; 8 rooms
and porcelain bath; modern plumbing;
easily worth $12,000.
$6,500 — Powell-st. business Investment; store t
and flats, 6 rooms and bath.
$6.000— Fulton ut., near Octavia; 2 cottages; j
lot runs through to the rear street: lot
25x120; cheapest piece north of Market.
$6.000— Howard Bt., near 6th; 25x85 ft.; lm- j
provements nominal; rents $45 per mo.; I
a positive sacrifice; sold to close estate, j
• * __^_— i
$3,C00— Pir.e-St. residence, 0 rooms and bath; '
renting for $35 per month; mortgage of
$1300 can remain. >
$3,500—2 beautiful little flats S. of Market st.: I
rented for $33 per month; 5-7 rooms: j
new flush tolleta: modern plumbing; ¦
substantial foundation. . j
_~ - i
$1, SCO— Mission cottage; modern in every re- j
spect; 5 rooms an>i bath; can be ,
bought op easy terms; $250 down, bat- !
ance on monthly Installments.
BARGAINS IN BUILDING LOTS.
$L\0CO— N.E. cor, on 22d St.; 23x97:0; de-
sirable for 1 building.
$1,300 — East line of Alabama st., near 23d st. !
$1750— S.K. cor. on Castro St., 26:6x105; !
owner must sell. ,
SS50— Twelve lets on Hth ave., N. of Df
or Fulton st.; beautifully situated; '
easy terms. !
! ' |
$6C0 per lot— Only two left; 25x120 each;
88th nve.. S. of C »t.; a "growing por- j
tlon of the town; therefore a safe in- .
vestment. . i
! EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 Market street, j
SPECIAL INVESTMENTS.
. m
HEAL ESTATE.
«ft
WESTERN ADDrnON INVESTMENT.
$27,(100— Consisting of flats close in. this side
ot Larkin St.; ail in the bit<t of condition;
large lot; renting now for $325 ptr mouth.
«-— . ¦
NEW RICHMOND FLATS. j
$7000— Three fine -up-to-date flats of 6 rooms !
and bath each; all latest modern conveniences: |
' rooms all llsht and sunny; large lot; rented j
for $«5 per month.
¦ ' . ___ ' 4»
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
$40<>n — Modern cottase of 5 rooms and bath;
hl;h basement; In good location; hardwood
. finish; lane lot. '"
SAN FRANCISCO BUILDING LOTS.
As trustee we have in our hands for
- sale 1U0 lots Fltut.ted in the Sunset !
district, not over four blocks from the i
rresent electric car line: they arc j
" close to the mRln driveway from the !
Park to Incleslde. and command an j
unexcelled marine view: we have j
. been Instructed to Bell these lots for
*25o, to be paid for as follows: $10
uown, balance $10. per month until
paid for. ¦ with no Interest, and If
the ¦ purchaser of any of these lots
shoulil die any time after- he or «he
has raid in one-half or more of the
purchase price we will give them free
of* any other I charge a deed to the
property they have paid en.
Nobody can make a mistake in buy-
- .- ingone or more of these lots at these
; rii-«a and terms, cs It Is an assured I
lact that : the way In which this city
Is rrowlnx . they will . positively be
,, worth from . five • to , ten times their
present .value by the' time you have
paid for them. .
'• For further particulars regarding any of
¦ the above lnanire at \ ¦ \
UNITED BANK. AND TRUST COMPANY,
¦ . Mills bulldlnr. •
Entrance, '_%-.r-.\ •*¦-.; 236 Bush st.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS!
$500 to 8f200-^Ineomparable "Oceanslde Lots":
on official grade; unobstructed view of
ocean and. park; all bargains; easy terms;
see them to-day; get off cars cor. 47th av*.
and H streeu . '
$75 to $260— Near Park and ocean: $5 monthly.
Oceanslde Branch Office. ; cor. 49th ave. and
K St.; open Sundays and holidays.
$500 to ¦ $1000— Choicest Sunset lets for build-
• Insr;- graded and sewered: $lO^monthly. «
$250 ' to $850— Superb Richmond Mots, opposite
new "Spreckels Lake"; • matchless view;
don't miss this opportunity; installments.
Sunset Branch Office on Ninth ave., near H st.
$150 to $5C0— Level Excelsior. Homestead lots;
: $5 monthly. . .»;¦ •
$12C0'- to " $3500 — Modern ; cottages In Sunset,
¦ Richmond, 'Ocean>ld»- and: Excelsior Home-
' t>lead districts; easy terms. ,
6OL.GETZ k. SON, Owners and Dealers.
Room 54; fourth floor. . Chronicle building.'
ELEGANT -residence, 2427, Green St., near
Scott;, grand •. marine; view; 10 rooms; -en-
, trances- on; 2 streets.' v . . :
' . Lobos st.. 1 - Ocean View; 4-room cottage, lot
. 25x125, $000; $100 ca*h. balance $a 60 per
- mor.th. W. N. i RUSSELL, B01 California St.,
. San .; Francisco.v Cal. '¦ - -. » ¦ .:"¦ : '¦ . ¦¦¦•-
$3500—2 NICE flats on Sanchex St.. near 29th;
..high basement- brick foundation . nice barn
> and 'driveway; ¦ sanitary . plumbing. Box
:-t.4267.- Call office. .--.,¦ -V -¦¦; ... -'¦¦- ¦¦¦< -\'.: ."?•
$.-J65O— A. FINE 2-story. residence; 3818 22d St..
• near Castro; ¦; « rooms, ; bath, " high ; basement,
garden; fine view, etc. ; no agents. ¦"
REAL i ESTA.TE-~CITY--.FOR fAJUB. ]
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery at. , ;
AUCTION
AUCTION 1
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
of investment, residence and unimproved prop-
erties will be held at our ealeeroom, 20 Mont-
gomery st.. Monday. March 28. 1004, at 12
o'clock noon.
PARTITION SALE.
Tbe four following choice business proper-
ties will be offered by order of the heirs of
the Helena Merslng estate.
No. 1.
EW. cor. Devlsadero and Fell sU.; substan- I
tlal improvements, store and S flats of 4-8
rooms and bath each; rents .low at $120 per
month; -lot 27:}{xlO6:3.
No. 2.
Devlsadero st.. west line, south of Fell St.;
unimproved lot, 25xlu6:3. - . •
No. 3.
I 1213-15-17 Folsom st.. bet. Sth and 9th; 2
stores and flat of 6 rooms and bath; rented
low at $4u per month; lot 25x00.
No. 4.
I NW. cor. Sth and Folsom sts.; improve-
ment*, store, flat c£ S rooms and 4 houses of
|0 rooms each; rented low et $147 per month;
larje lot 75x76.
CHOICE PARK HOLDING.
NE. cor. Fulton «t. and 3,".th ave.; this hold-
ing will more than double In value in a few
year-; its close proximity to the new speed
course and Spreckels Lake will make It a very
choice corner: 120x450; mortgage o( $4500 at
ti per cent can remain.
CHO'CE BUSINESS CORNER.
NW.. cor. Fulton and Baker sts.: substantial
modern building containing store and 2 flats
of 6 rooms and bath each: rents low at 8122 50
I per month; lot 37;6xfHt:10H>
| DEVISADERO-ST. FLATS. '
I 303-203^ Devlsadero et.. near Page; 2 flats |
of C rooms and bath each; rent- $47 60 per
! month; a splendid holding to Improve for busl-
[ ness puriK-ees; lot 23iclO« :6.
I . BPEAR-ST. BUILDING LOT.
I Spear st.. SW. line. bet. Market and Mission;
I unimproved lot, 34:4^x137:6; a choice holding
i lor "wholesale purposes.-
: BRYANT-ST. CORNER. j
! 041-3 Bryant st. and 1-35 White place, bet. |
7th and 8th sts.; improvements consist of a j
[ number of bouses and cottages from J to * j
j rooms each; rents J18.S per month; a splendid J
holdin: for factory or warehouse purposes;
large .lot, 60:8x276.
MINNA-ST. INVESTMENT.
504-0 Minna st.. north line, near 6th; 4
tenements of 3-4 rooms each: rents $48 per j
month: a splendid holding for speculative pur-
poses; lot 2Sx'fi.
, VALLEJO-ST, CORNER. -
' 728-8 Vallejo st.. NW. cor. of Vulcan lane,
bet. Stockton and Powell sts.; 2 brick bulld-
itiis of 8 rooms each; rents $40 per month; !
lot 40x«. I
' VALENCIA-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY. 1
¦ The seven following lots must be sold: terms 1
1 one-third cash, balance can remain en mort- j
gepe at 6 per. cent : »
Valencia *t., east line. bet. 16th and 17th;
2 building lots, 32:0xS7:tf each.
Valencia st.. efifit-llne. bet. 18th and 10lh;
4 building lot*. 23xS0 each.
Valencia st.. east line. bet. 10th and 20th;
building lot. 25x80.
For catalonrue and further particulars apply
to G. H. UMBSEN tc CO.. 20 Montgomery St.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery st.
J Heal Estate Agent* and Auctioneers.
! $27,500— Rents $22S0 per annum; a choice cor- j
ner en Fulton St.. splendid improve- ,
ments consist of store and 6 flats, all
la perfect order and steadily rented;
( 50x75. l
j $21,000— Ninth st.. close to Mission; lot and !
Improvements, 40 foot front; a splen- j
l dld buv - ' » '
I $20,C00— Ninth et.. business property, 50x80;
; substantial Improvements; csn be en- i
' largyed 'and made to pay a handsome 1
j rave of interest on the investment; '
owner a non-resident and very anx- ;
ious to sell; will refuse no reasonable
offer. • !
$16,CO0— Valencia st., near 16th st.. Improve- i
ments nominaK value; a splendid let.
' to improve: 60 feet front; a bargain, i
' SIS, 500 — Rents $1SSO per annum: 8 elegant. '
new modern fists of 8-7-7 rooms and |
, bath each: very sunny lot; 26x112:6: '
; $13,M>0— Folfoni *t.. buslnecs property, two I
frontages, rented very low at $10.'t2 :
: per annum; stores and flats; lot 37:6x
• *j0.
• $12,500 — Rents S1350 per annum; .1 elegant,
new Park flats.
1 $12,00X) — Rents 5130s per annum; Mission ,
warm belt; 6 flats and lot 45x122:0; i
stable and driveway.
: $10,500 — Rents $1020 per annum: S new flats '¦
of C roemfc and bath each; nice loca- j
tion of the Western addition. :
! $10,000 — Rents f'.wt per annum; business cor- j
ner Hayes Valley, 3 houses and lot, {
SOx75. '
; $9. COO — Rents $6S per month, which is very j
low; Mission st., one of tbe best bun- j
ness blocks; 2 stores and 2 fiats; lot
40 feet front.
$7.500— Inside of Larkin and California sis.: J
" rents $630 per annum; 2 flats of 6 {
! roomn and bath each. j
i $6.250^ — California st.. coxy home; cottage of |
7 rooms 'and bath; brick foundations,
etc.: 23x100.
! • $G,0W) — RpntH $000 per ennum; ICth St.. near
Market St.; 2 first class sunny flats of
, j 5-6 ronms and porcelain tubs each;
23x115 :C. !
- $5.250 — Rents $4!*3 per annum; 2 flats and
lot 25xl27:S'^; Sacramento St.
I — Rents $510 per annum; near 7th and
, Howard st*, ; store and 2 flats; 25x75.
• $t.C50— Rents 5524 per annum; near Cth and
Howard °ts.; 5 fiats and lot 22x75.
• $3, 4.10— Rents $5*:4 per annum; near Cth and
'. Bryant sts.: flats; 25x117:6. i
I $3.5u0 — Business corne.r on Polk si.: transfer 1
ixs'.r.t: Kood location for store and j
' rooming heu«*. \
; $3,230— Small amount cash, balance same as j
rent; oozy Sunset cottage of 6 rooms j
; and bath; brick foundation, etc.:
i j rent* $3G0 per annum;' 25x100; only
! I one (1) block from cars.
j $2.800 — New. modern cottage ©f 5 rcoms and
' bath; MlrMon warm belt; lot 2Sxll4;
only $?50 cash, balance easy Install-
ments.
. I $2.750— Rents $444 per annum; near Oth and
; Bryant sts.: ix bargain; 4 first class
' flate of :i rooms and bath each; brick
i foundations, etc.; 25x80.
For further particulars of the above and for
, tbe Real Estate Record, containing a list
% of propertlef for sale in all parts of the
city, inquire at oar office.
¦¦ G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
- 20 Montgomery st.
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
} DESIRABLE sunny building lots: closa to
r Duboce Park; bltumlnlzed streets-; lots level
I and reedy to build on: a rare chance to ob-
tain a holding; admirably situated and close
to the cjty «t a very reasonable price, dia-
gram, price and all further particulars at
¦j our office.
i G. II. UMBSEN & CO..
f 20 Montgomery st.
1 Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.*
I ! SicAFEE BROTHERS.
i 106 MONTGOMERT ST.
1 PRESIDIO HEIGHTS.
Let on north side of Jackson st.. nesr Lo-
. cuM; 25x127 :R; beautiful uninterrupted marine
view; only ?*000; adjoining lots asking $200
1 per front foot.
6 SUNNT MODERN FLATS.
On Clay st.. near Baker: C and 7 rooms, at-
. tic' and basement: rented for $75 per mnnth;
lot 23x127; price reduced from 10000 to $8300.
PANHANDLE FLATS.
2 new. swell flat*. 7 rooms earh: sunny sids
. of street; rented for $77 60; price $0350.
COLONIAL FLATS.'
t Two new pretty flat-. 5 and 6 rooms, finely
finished throughout; beamed ceilings in hall*
and dining-room*.; marble steps, etc.; Isrge
.. lot. 580(100; en Willard st., looking into Golden
ii Gate. Pork: ore block we#t of Stanyan. n»-sr
¦ Frederick. A»ent wi!l be on hand on Sunday
:- 1 to show property; price $7500.
•; MISSION RESIDENCE.
Between l»th and 19th, near Guerrero: large
hcure of 52 rooms; lot 60x114; rents for $40;
price *7000, or will sell 3S feet and house for
fSSOO.
' P.ICK3tONI> COTTAGE. -'
I Fronting or new park from Golden Gttc
• Park to Presidio; 0 rooms and bath: lot 23x
127 :«; Drice $?,000.
Pretty buildlrr !ot on north side of I^ake
«., running back to Mountain Lake Park:
29:8 feet front; price only $1500.
- BARGAIN.
5-room cottage, with bath: in good condition:
Holly Psrk Tract: reduced from $1400 to $1100
to make ouick *»le: mu-t'bft sold In ths next
few «>»»••: rented for $12 per month.
Two fine lots on Sacramento St., in Presidio
i. Helrhts. 55x127:8: enly $4200.
Send for list of cheap lots in all parts ot
i. the cltv*
MCAFEE BROTHERS.
. r - | ¦ | . . 108 MONTGOMERY ST.
taaoft— CHURCH Rt.: 2 flats; lot 28x80.
$2700 — Church st.: 6 rooms, bath; 'large un-
finished basement.
u $2000 — 23d tt.. near Guerrero; cottage, 5 rooms
and bath. • ¦ • -.¦ ¦
Pine, near Taylor— 3 new Cats,' 7 rooms and
bath each. -. . .
Dolores iV.. bet. 23d and 2Uh— Lot 25x117:6
_. to rear street.
14th et.. near Valencia— Lot 25x100.
e Waller, bci. Ut.inyan and.Shrader — Lot 55x85.
h Fine city residence, D | rooms, bath, billiard-
room, driveway;, lot "29x114.
PATTERSON. Examiner, Bldg., rm. 202.
1 ~~ »5 PER MONTH. ¦ • ¦ •¦ . ]
Investigate the City of Richmond, where tbe
,; Standard OH Company. Santa Fe Railroad
e Company. Southern Pacific Railroad Company
and , numerous . manufacturing plants . are - at
i* work.. Lots sure to • increase In value. All
level.'" Mar* free. - - • . . .
t. RICHMOND LAND COMPANY,
Crocker building. 8. F.
t. $lf.0O— COTTAGE, almost new,: 0 rooms, bath;
¦f modern improvements; SCO feet from Mission
t. ft. r«rs. off Cnrt!»nd ave. . Apply to owner,
353 Chapultepec st.
REAL ESTATE— CITY—FOR SALE.
BURNHAM & MARSH CO..
211 MONTGOMERY ST.
CLOSE TO MARKET AND KEUJCJT!
3rand corner. 80xl5u; rents almost $1000 a
month. t"_
sso CCO-Not°f^r from afarket; large lot. 73xS0:
part 153 feet to rear street. renU $490 a
month and part of lot vacant.
>r~HFAP WHOLESALE PROPERTY.
WcS^How.^. near Second; 73 ft. front to
rear street; two frontages.
RENTS $2t3 A HCNTH.
5O Jt. frontcge.
BARGAIN CN TOLSOM ST.
FACTOR V LOCATION.
P3.CC0— 100 ft. front&se: cloac to Third si.
S62SC— Pair of elegant fiats close to Mission
at., on wide street: rent $50 a month.
MAKE OFFER! % ["'Z±{[\
PARK PANHANDLE FLATS.
tl4.CT0 — Rent $12l> a Month. '
3 beautiful new and modem flats, finished in
natuial woods; light, sunny rcoms ana
steadily rented.
je.V.0 — Rent $37 50 a Month.
New and very artistic flats, cornaaanding »
fine view of Golden Gate Park.
I3CC0— Rent $30 a month. ,
Large lot. 34x120 to rear street: la Western
AddltlCx.
CHOICE RESIDENCE!
$71"r»— Western Addition residence of 10 large
sunny rooms; all latsst plumbing.
PAIR CHEAP FLATS!
>25CO— Rent $25 a month; Steiner and Green-
wich streets; 2 fine flats In good condition.
TO BE SOLD THIS WEEK !
IKC0 only for let one block from Marjket street.
but 17 mtnutea' ride from Market and
Kearny sts; size 23x100; commands a fine
view. • >
BURNHAM & MARSH CO..
211 MONTGOMERY ST.
KEAL KSTATK Conotij- For »»**>»
CHICKEN RANCHES EVSRTWHERE.
EXCHANGES. .
J13.5C0— 1C^ acr*»; all level; 1 mile- of town:
Contra Custa County; elegant 8-room house; 2
large barna; 7 t-uuKry bouses; 2 larga gran-
aries; income about JJOOo a year; best ranch
In the county. •
WO.OCO— Kiamath Co.. Southern Oregon; bor-
dering on JEtU Kiamath Lake: 3000 acre*: cut
about 4400 tons of hay asnually; also !ars«
quantities of grain; well fenced and cro*m-
lence*i; good S-room resldsnce; farming; imple-
ments; In horses; 3 good barns, etc.
•.lO.uflO— In Sonoma Co. ; 800 acre» well fenced
In 3 Ik'lds; house: 3 Urge barns; dairy house;
well watered: 200 acrea tillable; all level; 21
acres s-year-old orchard: 30 head cattle; 20
hogs; farming Implements, etc.; $5000 mort-
gage: trade for bay property.
$27.000— In Placer Co. on R. R.— 16SO acres,
part river bottom, all can be ploughed; caxry
4UW head cattle year round; dwelling; 3 good
barns; farming Implements; 90 head cattle; VJ
head horses; plenty water to Irrigate; part cash.
$%300— Scld by order of Superior Court. 1030
acres, near Point Arena, 20O acres fine potato
land; auntie orchard; 5vO acres more could b*>
planted: 300 acres hsavy timber; well Un-
proved and fenced; fine dairy or stock ranch.
*&OCO— Beat ranch in Southern Oregon: 3»>
acies; 2 sets good improvements; well fenced;
orchard; 5 horses: farming tools; outside range.
¥3200— only 2 miles of town. 155 acres; Ii>
acres eld vineyard; family orchard; «S0 acre*
clover or alfalfa; und«r 3 ditches; large new
bain; will build dwelling- to suit buyer: l'»
P.n<- milch cows; farmlns Implements ; only
Siooo uown.
$25C0— ICO acres near boat and can, Sonoma
Co.; good ti-room house; vineyard, orchard,
tarn, outbuildings, horses, cow, poultry. $200;
Job can be ha-i with ths place.
«3OO— one mile P. O., schools and stores:
255 acres: 4(> level; 10 could be lrrtKa.te<1:
house. l«rce barn, outhouses; well fenced an-t
cress- fenced: 15o hens; new buggy, wagon,
farming tools; some stock; 3 w«Us; water piped
to tulidlnjr*; furniture.
$45tO— Two ami a half miles live town and
R. R-: 4CO acres; 40 In grain oi» creek; about
ICO acres more bottom land: 10 acrea full bear-
ing; orchard- balance timbered pasture; houJe.
barn. etc. j lire place lor resurt or sanitarium ;
not far from city.
•.".COO— 3 milca cf Santa Cn:i; 47 acres; 13
unler cultivation, balance tine pasture; Sb5
assorted lruit trees; 1300 grap^-.; windmill and
tank; water piped to bulldiiiKi and yard3:
splendid 8-rcom hard-hn:shed house. £...••!
aiahle and poultry houses; suan rood horses: -
cuws; 7 doxen hees; ainKle and double bugxifJ
and harness: hay; farming tools and furniture;
trade lor No. 1 property around bay.
$2ti30 — JtO acres. 9 miles of Napa City, 2
miles P. O. ; 30 acres under cultivation; Ij
acres full b*arin« fruit; 15 acres fine grain;
KG acres tncrj cculd be cultlTat^d: balance
broken and rocky: house, barn, poultry houses.
lnc-.iba.tor. brooders. 2 wagons. - carts. hors».
cow. poultry, tools.
S30C0 — 1*0 a^res. at station and near Sant^t
Cruz: ">5 acre* clear: orchard; 10- room house;
outbuildings; rr.crtgsgo $2C00: trade equity.
$3o()0 — Near San Jo*e; 14 acres bearing fruit,
ir.cjtl;- prunes; facllitlea for Irrigation: bullJ-
lacsv
S3C50 — 26 acres «andy loam, enly 2Vi miles vt
, Petaluma: house, o rooms and bath; part cash.
: $750 — Geld mine, with 80-foot shaft and fln«
t bedy of ?re In sight. El Dorado Co.; assays
i $14 a ton; would exchange fcr vacant lot.
$2MC — CO acres; 5 miles from Santa Crux; 20
i acres under cultivation, balance rolling and
! acme *teep; small orchard and vineyard, bear-
inr: cood 7-roora house. barn, outbutidlngra:
bank foreclosure; $3oO down and balancs
: monthly payments if desired.
' $C5C0 — Near Petaluma; 13 acTea: 8-room.
: house; good outbuildings; tools: wagon and
I horse; 10 poultry houses; 400 hens; 2»lncut>a-
tcr* and brooders; a money-maker.
i flCCO— Clcse- to Pebaatopol: 8 acres. 4 acre*
: bearing blackberries; family orchard; good
1 well- running water: fine Jersey cow; spring
waieon: harness: tools; furniture.
$4000 — Km Sebastopcl ; 24 acres; an level;
2 flowing streams; 8 acres applet; 3 acres
blackberries; nice 8-room house, barn; dryinj
j pUnt: outbuildings; horses; farming tool*; ru-
i ral rte'.rvery.
I *225O — 10 acres, all In apricot* Joat eom-
1 m-n.-fr.tr to bear: C miles from San Joss; lovely
j home; half ca«h. —
$17GC — In Soncma City: 3^4 acrea: all level:
' gf-r.i! house, barn, windmill, tank house; 13
i poultry hous's and yards: som« altaUa; sprlas
i we son; SCO chickens: feed house.
Send stamp- for printed list.
! \v J. WHITE. 2t> Montgomery st.. room 8.
PROPERTY EXCHANGES A SPECIALTY.
MARION GRIFFIN.
rOULTRY FARM.
$2SiO — 1^ acres: good fl-room hoas«, several
poultry houses. 40O chickens, horse. , cow and
farm tnol*: near San Francisco.
FCLL BEARING ALMOND ORCHAJtTX
4ft acres: ' good hard-finished 7-room hou»e>
and btth: all modern conveniences; guaranteed
to net $23C0 every year la almonds aione; price
only *0OCO. '
MENI>OCINO CO. STOCK RANCH.
12,«"CO acres: 700 acres plow land: 10 fln«
barns: over 1C0O head cattle on place; pric«
$10 per acre.
ALFALFA LAND.
$45 per acre In 20 and 40 acre- traeU; H cash.
balance In 1. 2 and 3 years: perpetual water
right with land unequaled In California; in-
ve«t!;ate.
ICO other place* on list t» select from: dairy
farms, cattls ranches and poultry farm*.
MARION GRIFFIN.
Room 406 Examiner bldg.. San Francisco.
THE OPPORTUNITY OF A LIFETIME.
Administrator's sale of stock ranch, S00
acres. Madera County, and home; 2.45 acres
fruit. Vr. house, barn, fine water, graded
street 1 : has been held up by the eoart for bet-
ter price-: present bids- arc ridiculously low
and property may be secured for very llttVj
money; sale must be arranged by March I*.
Particulars of L. A. SPENCER. 472 Tenth
St.. Oakland.
FOR sale — Country homes In every eonnty tn
California, at all prices, from $450 00 ?»
$75,000 00. Immense list. to select from, ll
>ou want land oZ any kind call on
( HOWE & MEItRITT.
833 Broadway. Oakland.
TO close estat*^ — Country place In center of
Montecito Valley. Santa Rarbara: nearly 1-
acre*; well located; -ood 8-rooni house, sta-
ble. 2 good wells. Irult and shade; furnlshe<i
or unfurnished: at leja than cost. Address
box 34, Montecito. Cal. ___
RANCHES; suburban home3: few b*r*:*.in«;
Santa Rosa hcu«e. orchard. In town: divided.
Palo Alto and Peninsula and Point Rlch-
! ir.cnd bargains. A. W. BELL REALTY CO.
moved to 211 Montgomery, ground tlcor. cpp.
| Mi's bulMins.
'• GOVERNMENT land. Have you a home of
your own? We will locate you on 160 KM
of good Governmect lan.l with plenty ot
water for $100. TOOKSR & GRAHAM,
rooms 217 and 21S i.'rocker bulldlns. _
$14CO ACRES at $« .» per acre; only DO BtUM
from fan Francisco; to clcso up an e*tat»:
see owner ital!y at 12:3f>.
RICHARD KEATINOE. 1CS Jessie at.. S. P.
$10 A MONTH 'b^ys a 10-acre farm.
i $200 k vr.P t per annum per acre.
Write for booklet It'» fr«e. 603 J st.
; WRIGHT & KIMBROUGII. Sacramento. Cal
FOR sale — 32 acre-. Including hay crop no*
crowing: S hours by R. R. from S». F. : cash
or exchange town lot: value $2000. S. H-
TARR. room 217. Parrott building/
L WANTED— Small country place, n^tr R. K- :
i bay counties preferred. WM/ P. TODD. l'J»U
' Unwilway. Oakland.
A S15U0 CHICKEN ranch for UOcO: owner
going Ka?t: apeak t<mn. W. T." CONSTELL.
' Eureka. Cal.
FOR sale — SCO acre** level land: King* Rtvrr
Irrigated: 3 rrops alfal.'a: $30; eaay term--
Pox 4-:zo. Call.
lfO ACRES; southern part Monterey Countj'.
FREDERICKS. 3730 Sevsntsentii st.
;0EH D. SF»EQgi:Xi8. Proprietor.
Htm ccmaiiiagtiais n JOHH KcSADGHT. Muggr
\vl J. MARTInTT Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
Ark for THE CALL. Tbe Operator Will Con-
nect Tou With the Department You >Msn-
Publication Office Market and Third. 8. F.
Editorial Room 217 to 221 Stevensdft »t.
Delivered by Carriers. '20 Cts. Per Week. 78
Cts. Per Month. Single Copies C Cents.
Tertaa by Matl. Including Postage (Ca«n win
Order) : „ „«
DAILT CALL Jlnclud. Sunday). 1 *•"••% ™
DAILY CALL <lnclud. Sunday). 6 mo»..-. ••«!
DAILT CALL— By Single Month 'j?r j
PCNDAY CALL 1 Year fjjj
Tk-EEKLY CALL 1 Ttar •• «_,„
r nmliv *.S SO Per Year Extra I
FOREIGN ( F^ndar' 4 15 Per Year Extra j
POSTAGE. \to£££ I;o5 Ter Year Extra j
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS-
Cample Copies will be forwarded »"B«n re-
quested. , .
Mail «ib«<ribers in orderi« change of «d-
trtet ehould be particular to rive both >£.vy i
AND OLD ADDRESS In order to insure • j
prompt and correct compliance with their r»- (
«ueat.
OAKLAND OrnCB: .,..,,-,
1118 Brcadway Telephone Main 1081 ,
BERKELEY OFFICE: , m \
JI«S Cecter 6ti*et Telephone Norto n
Washington correspondent: !
6AMTEL W. WALL Hotel Barton >
TOBK NEWS 6TANDS:
Waldorf-Aetoria Hotel: A. Brentano. SI
Union Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-are- )
cue Hotel and HoCman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
PBenr.an House: P. O. New. Co.; Gj"* 1
Northern Hotel; Treroont House: Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. .Marquette Building
OLoDg Distance Telephone, "Central 2619. >
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE.
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLT0N Herald Square |
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner Market and Third streets; open
cnt:l 12 o'clock e-verr night tn tbe year.
BRANCH OFFICES: .. !
100S Market street, opposite Fifth; open until !
11 p, n,
627 Montgomery -treet. corner Clay; open
ontll 9:30 p. m.
800 Hayes Etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
•n?9 McAllister «treet: open until 9:30 p. m.
€15 Larkin street; open until 8:30 p. m.
{Ml Mission etreet: open until 10 p. m.
S2«l Mnrket street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. tn.
IOfi Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1C96 Valencia etreet ; open until 9 p. m.
Ncrtheast corner Church and Duncan streets:
open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner of TwentT- second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
??00 Fillmore etreet: open until 9 p. ra-
IlLVL ESTATE — CITV — FOR SALE.
C. 21. WOOSTER CO.. 648 MARKET ST.*
S95.000 — New modern 6-«tory brick hotel on
Elite «t- near Market; rents low. S.75UU; lot
ii 1 -.'.!-'. 1 . two frontages.
$12,250— Three new modern flat* on Scott
eL, near Ellis; pay $123o: lot 25xiKt.
$1S.5OO — 6 new modern flats, all rented ex-
tremeiy low for 3>lf>44: on a northeast corner
two blocks north of Market st.; there is plenty
cf vacant space on the lot to build three ad-
d;tional flats; lot ha* 13S feet street frontage.
Pays IM0 Now.
Should brine easily JllRW i«er innum.
K^v lot from Fourth «t.
6 raodeni flatr; good t! uniting; brick foun-
iatlcn, ftc ; hith basement: lot SJxSo; north
tide of Natoma ft.; Mice J7000; a coat of
paint would make th'.s property sell for $tMXK).
$7000 — S modern flats of 5-6-6 rooms and
bath; wash tra>E: nu^akinc tubes; electric
t"-;>; new plumhinp. brick, foundation, high
bsttirtm, etc.. on ilarrison street, OO feet
from Cth: S5s75.
}2r>00— Handsome cottage. 5 rooms and bath:
lEt'ge c-IoBeu; large tongue and groove finished
bh**n-.eni. bern. t.tc: can be rented for S300;
on <'hattsnuuga rt.. near "-J . the heart of the
MItsj.-i, uerm bflt: lot 25x117:6 to rear front-
«ee: the l>tf>t l)U> of Its clars In the city.
;:>3(» — V.-'ur own terms: n beautiful new,
c-ozy, \r«i!-buiil, veil-planned house of 0 rooms
and beth; liltli taseriier.t: the be?t of plumb-
inf. etc.; npar "Mb «n>l Mir&ion »ts. ; «"e also
hfcve & 5-room uad hath cottage for $2220 and
a 4-room and bath <-i'ttage for $l!*50; they are
all new and up to date.
GILT-EDGE FLATE.
f8ou<» — Three new modern flats, 6 rooms and
hath etch] r»*THs $:•"•'; near entrance to the
P:t«idiij ard ccU links; lot .r.xlH to a public
i>a!k ;n the rear.
A BEAUTIFUL HOMK.
fO.V"«i— Rffiiiercf. 7 rooms and bath, on Sth
ave.. near <"*iir«irnla *t. : high basement; brick
foundation, etc.: lot 23x129.
JTTSo— Handsome- tn'«3crn residence, 9 room«
and bath; well built: in good condition; on
<_1»y «t.: key lot from Po!k: lot 25x127 :8 l 4 :
<-«n ffiFily be rcmodr-lrd into Hett: this is faft
becjmins hn apartmmt-house district: a sreat
buy.
. — —
E1EGANT LOTS FOR FLATS.
Northwett t-orner cf I^ombard and Maeon
«*.. t.2:CitO. or will subdivide into separ^>e
loU. Only «!V) rer foot.
QgCAR HETMAN, 14 Po-t St.
NINE lot*, sold, enly nine left of those $123
building tot*, one bloik from Guerrero or
Mission st. car line. A fine chance to *<t
cutne cheap lotr while they last.
OSCAR HEYMAN, 14 Post st.
THE mor.lhs go by unnoticed and with them
your munthiy contributions to the landlord
Ir r*-nt. A home boucht from us for thU
rrnt money will »»e paid for unnoticed and
Instead of a bundle of rent receipts you will
lia*-e a borne of your own. Tou should giv«
tt yuur attention. We win be clad to show
you tcmr of oar 4. ."• and 0 room cottages and
talk over our "»-->tKis!tlfin with you.
OSCAR HEYMAN, 14 Poit tst.
CHEAP DUILDir.G LOTS.
J250 — Moultrie *t., one block from Cortland
e.v»-.; tewered.
ftiOO — Chenery it., n*ar Roancke; cars past
ooor.
$1200— Klsth ave.. rear California Bt.; ex-
c*-rt!"r*l value; key lot.
$10f<>— A ft., between "th and Sth aves.; lol
2t:i*lC0 Trtt.
ASHBL'RY HEIGHTS.
$800 — Unsurj>a»^*d marine view lot on A«h-
t!'.-r>' st.; unt- blot-k fn?ni F"rederick. Snap
A WHOLE HLOCK.
t32r^>— Fronting ban Uruno ave.. near Sllvei
i\f., with ii'tttse; fine for flower gardens
CHKAP «:OTTAaES.
f 1250 — 4 rooms and hath " cottasr. in first
class rn:»<!iti:»n, WttSl Etat!«; ore block fron
car: SIS monthly.
$1S3<1 — 4 room end hath ccttage; new. mod-
cm. ccmrlrte plumbin;.
Larre lot. 4i>xiu3; hair b!ock from car line
only $14 monthly.
SOUTH OF PARK.
Beautiful Oreim BcacJi lot* from $150 up
OSTAR HETMAX. 14 Post *t-
n. GETZ Room 22 Chronicle Blag.
Owner and Dealer. .
New Lets. New Lots.
4Sth ave.. east line, facing the ocean.
Between K and L ets.
Graded end fe-nced; ready to build on.
On Ea-y Monthly Payments.
See them at once. Choice and cheap.
$C0 to $100— Ocean Heights and Boulevard lots.
S3C0 to $500 — Grafied 19th-av». Boulevard lots.
$3&0 to S1000 — Choice Sunset & Richmond lets.
$75 to $ 10t»— Level Ocean View lots; cJtjr water.
J.150 up — New Exce'.s'or H«ae*tead lots.
The finest In the diKtrict; city water,
SI C00 to $5000— Modern housea and cottages.
Splendid Bargains on Easy Terms.
Call at tny office, room 22. eecond floor.
Chronicle Building.
HFLENDID INCOME INVESTMENT. .
' saooo; rents ?:«0 prr year; four desiraoii
flats. 6 and C room* and bath each: Flfteentt
*t.. near Market; eee this at once; it is a bar-
ccln.
$>.;»;C0; decant cast -corner lot. 2S:4x:02, ot
Klr^t eve. boulevard: none cheaper; very de-
niable.
S2.V"': First ave boulevard, near Clay et.
fine residence location: If you wapt a tine elt<
lor i. home, thin Is, it.
$2400; '»V«*hlrrton «t.. near Cherrj" .fin 1
larK* lot for fine residence". 28:6x12*.
n«J«ERT J. MERCER & SON. 412 Pine at
»2T?i0— HOUEE. « r. and b.. with stable; 402
2t;th f-t.: Mnal! paynent down. baL like rent
j 121X1— For 2 cottage* on 37:6 ft. o
cruund; rents SS n onth each: Arlington st
D. COFFIN & CO., 3303 MUslcn at.
HEAL; ESTATE— CITY — FOR S ALE.
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE & CO., " a _
'.t 218-220 MONTGOMERY ST.
INCOME. 11% PER CENT NET.
$lS,BOO^-Callfornla-st. corner; new and mod-
ern three-story apartment-house, con- ¦
talnlmx 7 apartments of 4 rooms and
bath each;- leased with guarantee for
five years to one tenant, who pays
water bills and makes all repairs; rent
$175 monthly; $2100 per annum gross.
, net Income will be close to 12 per cent
' • : per annum.
NEAR FAIRMOUNT HOTEL.
$7,500— Sacramento St., near Mason, opposite
; the Flood i residence; grand lot to 1m-
: prove; would pay handsome return.
.-ELLIS ST.. ' NEAR POLK.
$15,000— Ellis st. north skle east of Van Ness
ave.; fine lot. 27:6x120 f«et to rear
street; 2-story residence and rear house. .
$15, COO— Ellis st..; near Polk; substantial Im-
provements, rtntlng for $55; lot 27:0x
120 feet tb rear street.
I $21,250 — Jack-on-st. corner. Prealdlo Heights:
' eltgant modern residence of 11 rooms. 2
• baths; first floor. library, double par-
lors, dining-room beamed celling, pan-
eled oak. hardwood floors, etc.; four
.bedrooms tnd 2 bedrooms in attic: lot
i ;$7:6xl27:S?4 fee*.; grand marine view.
! $7,7CO — Reduced from $8600; Sutter St.. near
1 Goush; cub5tanti.il residence of 8 rooms
and bath; lot 26x110 feet; a great bar-
I gain.
i $5,700 — Ciay st.. near Webrter: residence of 9
! rooms and bath; lot 25x102 :4Vi feet: lot
1^ situate on a corner of -a public al-
ley; light and sun on three sides.
$17,500 — Van Ness ave., near Vallejo St.; beau-
tiful modern residence; every conven-
ience: first floor; large reception hall.
¦ Hvtn8 room diniug-room. In oak, but-
ler's pantry, kitchen etc. ; 4 bedrooms, j
2 bath*; attic has 3 bedrooms; lot 40 j
leet frent; rermit at office.
$3,250 each— Filbert st. near Scott: magnifi-
cent marine view; lots 27:6x137:6 feet
each, and corn»r 55xl37:C feet.
$7.600 — Jackson, near Central ave.; grand key
lot. £0x127:8% feet; ready to build on. •
1 $10,500— Hyde St., near Sutter; fine residence "'
of 10 rooms and bath; rents fcr $30 a j
month. ;
$13,500 — Guerrero st., mar Fifteenth; 3 ne-v i
flats. Just finished; 6-7 rooms and bath; i
all the latest improvements: rents $123 .
per month; lot 25x131:0 feet. j
$15,000— Franklin st.. near Pacific ave. ; new I
2-story residence about 1 year old; large I
drawing-rooms, rectption hall, hardwood !
floors and tiled grates; Spanish cedar
wainscoting, beamed celliiiKS, butler's
pantry, kitchen, etc.; 4 bedrooms, large
closet, bath, etc.; beautifully finished; j
2 servants' rooms; basement contains
laundry, storeroom, etc.; lot 27:0x92 j
feet; full particulars at office. 1
$40,000 — Montgomery -st. corner; Improvements J
consist of 3-story brick building of about
- 50 rooms; leased 5 years at $200 per |
month; lease guaranteed; other Improve- j
ments. frame, renting for $85 per month;"
portion of lot vacant and ready to build
on; lot Is 113:6x137:6 feet, with L 24x
73:6 feet. This Is one of the finest in-
vestments ever offered on this street.
: $11,000— Mason st., near Vallejo; 3-story brick
building of fiats, 4-5 rooms; 7 tenants;
rents $87; lot 48:9x100 feet; only half
of lot is improved: tenement could ' be
built in rear, which would double the :
rents. j
$3,0C0— Webster et.. near Clay; fine residence;
0 rooms and bath; large basement; now
. renting for $50; key lot, 25:S^ixlOO feet;
will sell on easy terms; full particulars
at office. '
$18,500 — Rents $141 BO a month; 3 new flats.
7-8-8 rooms and bath: Sacramento st..
near Flllmore; lot 25:9x132:8% feet;
new flats.
$5,250— Natoma St., near Ninth; 4 flats; rents
$50; this property is In excellent condi-
tion: all good, prompt-paying tenants;
no repairs nt-ccssary: no danger of va-
¦ cancles; a eoud. safe buy; lot 25x73 feet,
i $17,OC0 — Stcond-6t. corner, near Harrison; 70x i
! . $15" feet; fine site for factory or ware-
' house purposes.
$12,500— California st., near Hyde; frame 1m-
I provemente; lot 60x110:6 feet; hand-
; tome location to Improve.
j $5,250 — Mors «t.. bet.* Sixth and Seventh, near
j - Fcl/ora; 2 fiats, 5 and « rooms and bath;
| rents $10; lot 24x2W feet.
Get a copy of our printed jut of properties
for tale.
; SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO..
i Real Estate Agents.
| 218-220 Montgomery at.
CALIFORNIA
I TITLE INSURANCE AiMJ i KU3T COMPANY.
: 410 MONTGOMERY ST..
! MOVED FUOM MlLLiJ BU1LD1NO TO MORE
COMMODIOUS QUARTERS IN HAY-
I WAKD BUILDING.
CAPITAL ONE MILLION DOLLARS.
THE ADVANTAGE OF A POLICY in the
Cal, Tltie Insurance and Trust Company
when a man wishes to convert his property
> into cash quickly or to make Ivans upon It,
' hab been proven again and again by experi-
i c-nce. 'Ha man with a guarantee title flnds
' that he can borrow money with as much
vate us if he had stocks and bonds.
\i THE TRUST DEPARTMENT OF THE
i ' Cal. Tltlu Insurance and Trust Company is
j incorporated undtr the law* of Calitcrnia to
j act a« trustee, assignee, executor ur financial
aj'.»m, to manage estates, take deed In Its
I own name lor purchasers or real estate ur
transact any trust buttine&s. The advantages
, of employing a corporation in a trust capa-
city are obvious.
I THE ONLY SAN FRANCISCO TITLE IN-
SURANCE COMPANY lmvlng a corn pi* to. lo-
cality iplon' or covy of the real e.<iat» rec-
ords, constructed especially for Insuring rtal
*<tate titles like modern plants of New
York, Uoston. Chicago and Eastern cities;
rt-a&or.abte rates; regular trust company
business transacted under State charter; all
niatreis controlled and managed by the iol-
lowlng
DIRECTORS AND TRUSTEES:
? WILLIAM ALVORD,
President Eank of California.
CHARLES R. BISHOP.
Vice Prcs. Bank or California.
ROBERT BRUCL',
Of Balfour, Guthrie &. Co.
HENRY L. DAVIS,
i Pr.'tldent California Optical Co.
{ P. N. LILIENTHAL.
i Manager Anglo-Callfornian Bank.
I WARRUN CLNEY.
; Olnoy *¦ Olney, Att'ys and Counselors.
I CHARLE3 PAGK.
Fa?e. McCutchen & Knight, Att'ys.
A. T. SPOTOJb
Mjrr. Cal. Title Ins. and Trust Co.
JOHN R. SPRING.
J . Capitalist, 5:50 California at.
$45<H> — Northeast corner Seventeenth and. Noe
ets.. block from Market; 30x91:9; must be
sold to nettle estate.
$3000— North line McAllister St.. near Brod-
trlck: key lot; exposure as a corner; 23x112:6.
i $300(>— Marine view lots; northweyt corner Sev-
I enteenth and Lake sts.; 57:6x100.
! $ttt,000 — Market St., near Van Ness ave.; two
t frontages: 55x120; a barcaln. -.
{ $10,000— Klegant residence: Broadway, near
i Scott St.; 11 rooms and bath; 30x122.
• JCr.OO — Elegant home, 207 Central ave., near
Oak «t.; S rooms p.nd bath; snap.
' fftooO — Fell «t.. near Clayton; 5Oxl»7:6.
$lrt.lHX> — Hyde St., near Sutter; pays rt per cent.
f'ijioo — First ave., near Fulton st. ; 60x100.
J-2r;."0 — Cheep key lot; south lino Hayes St..
near Clayton; 25x137:0.
$22.500 — Northwest corner; transfer point; 62:6
xlOO; rents ?l?0; new improvement*.
$2000— Fulton St., near Etanyan: 25x131:6.
$2100 — Army St., near Church: cottage house. 6
rooms and bath; 25x114; bargain. -
HENRY STERN OF DAVID STERN & SONS.
. I 11 Montgomery st.. Lick House block.
' AUSTIN F. SHANNON, Rents Collected.
323 Montgomery »t.
• PARK PANHANDLE LOT.
$2600— Page st.. between Mntonlc and Central
aves.; 25x137:6; lots in the name block
selling for .*>300Q: bltumlnlzed: cement
sidewalk: owner must f>ell: don't hesitate,
or the other fellow will get It.
DUBOCE PARK LOT.
$3T,00— 33:«xl60; "Eno"-h said."
I have large or small Investment*; homes
nnd lots In all sections cf the city; call or
str.d for list: a specialty mad* in securing
tenants: rents collected; had tenants ejected.
AUSTIN F. SHANNON. 523 Montgomery st.
NELSON. JOHNSON A CO..
. 205 Montgomery St.. opp. Mills bldg.
\ BARGAINS IN RKAL ESTATE.
Foreclosure. Probate and Forced Sales of All
Kinds. Will Be Found in Our
UP. TO DATE BUYERS' GUIDE. 1 "V J
An Illustrated monthly catalogue, contain-
ing a carefully selected list of Cheapest proper-
ties offered on the: market In every location.
j Eend us vour address and we wtu mall you one.
NELSON. JOHNSON & CO..
205 Montgomery Bt.. opp. Mills bldg.'
• $1<\"<5O: cash S2W0; •'( awell fiats not yet epm-
pleted, but rented for $1200 per year; Seventh
, ave. -boulevard, r'tfO- 2-4, near Fulton St.; lo
. minutes from City 'Hall; all nlxht car aerv-
' - ice;'< every, tiossibte latest Improvement, In-
cluding bltuminizeil street;" 25x120. Apply en
prtmlscs frcnvii to fi. .
$20CO— This Is the price for a cottage on 29th
• st..' near Church: very cheap; street bl-
¦ . tuminlsed; electric cars pans It; if "you
want to buy a bargain take this property.
• ' McEWEN BROS.. IIS Montgomery st.
$2000— COTTAGE. ; 3 rooms, bath, large pan-
' try; 2 minutes' walk 29th and Mission st. ;
$350 tish, balance $15 per month.
MISSION REALTY CO., '2. _29th «t.
FINE income property en Fulton ct.. near City
- -yHall. ¦ Inquire Owner, ' 142 Fulton ¦t.*,
r 12-ROOM houre mutt be, mid • for . mortgage.
" «; S04 Kill*. ; ... -¦.
\ $1.25 PER WEEK; "no interest, s. Lots In the
Excelsior Homestead Tract: all level. n«
'*. i grading to do; ready to build your little homi
- . on;' dose to electric cars and school. '
; . • , ¦ ' W.vJ. WHITE.
n 26 ; Montgomery St., Room 5.
j ' . ¦
$65CO— NKW cozy homes Ju»t completed: bar-
EHlr.r; beauties; 'see them; Clayton st.,'soutii
.. of Frederick; "Masonlc-ave. cars to the door;
t. transfer at Halght or Oak «t.: J. STIEP.LEN,
cwntr, en premises; pbon* Page 0401.
KEAL ESTATE— -CITY — FOR 'SALE.
C55Sc?r™TwN?r"p« k "tK 3opo g ;>
uo-ri in n-ar citv c jg
Vow «He»« ReAl - 1 it^te Co. ___ - - < ; *
J/3 Cauforwia Jt. \so-d * i|
ISOo to tttf* ts* L<rr. \ m» «i : J
b * n i i i i i jow» /2 _ i ,q
foCAsn. c« o- t* <e — rdlZr 3'*
(- T { n i JfrlfT(r>l H /<?«» _ fli
"— --CAH1. -*T- .-A'AA3«>»IIC-< 1 W«"B«J C ' CA ~
i "5 " S77! — KH^H^pTTrr 1 ! ' u
KS!Rrr*,t ; \ ¦ «-~E 5
C*ftS ON > t <
Tut I ._.-¦ c i
CORNER '** <* O
/MASONIC I C
Avt«yC. / • ~_\ ixr g
' * ' S e
tsnr p^» £• «; J2. il "iH tT t /o<y
VON RHEIN HEAL HSTATE^COMFANY.^
VAN NESS-AVE. DWELLING.
$12,000 — Van Ne-s ave.. near Union St.; -»'X
125; S-room dwelling: a bargain.
JONES-ST. BAY-WINDOW FLATS.
$11,000—40x137:6; Jones, near Greenwich; 4
modern flats, renting for $87 50.
BUSH-ST. INCOME PROPERTY.
$10,500— Off Bush st... near Powell: 3 new
bay-window flats of 5, 5 and 7 rooms, renting
for *'J3 oer menth.
NEW BRODERICK-ST. FLATS.
•375O— 3Cxl03; Brodertck St.. near Green; Z
splendidly constructed new flats; marine view;
renting lor S75 i>er month.
CORNER STOCKTON AND UNION STS.
, 518,000— Storea and flats, renting for $lt>36
per annum.
DEVISADERO-ST. FLATS.
$12,500—25x86:11; Devlsadero St.. near Turk;
3 new fiats, renting for $100 per month.
! COR. ELEVENTH AVE. AND LAKE ST. j
1 $7500—72x107:6; NE. cor. 11th ave. and LaSe^
! st., coming fashionable section or city.
1-
VALLEJO-ST. CORNER.
| $7300— NW. cor. of Vallejo and Pollard: im-
provements consist of flat* renting for $tS3 per
r tenth.
GREEN-ST. BUILDING LOT.
$5000— 51:Gxl37:tS; Green st., east of Octavia.
BOARDMAN-PLACB INVESTMENT.
$3750— Boardman place, near Bryant st. ; im-
provement: uunslat of 3 flats and stable; rent-
: inc for $42 per month.
COR. MONTGOMERY AVE. AND MASON.
$35'»0— NW. cor. Montgomery ave. and Mason
ct.; 48 feet on Montgomery ave.; old improvc-
j ments.
i LYON 4: HOAG.
115 MONTGOMERY ST. •
Send for our printed Hat of property for sale
In all sections of the city.
?50,0u0 — Splendid NE. corner on Van Ness
ava.; contains nenrly 7000 square feet; Im-
I provements rent for $10© per month; an ex-
Ict-llent locatinn for an apartment-house.
MUST BE SOLD.
. $15,CC4i — Brand n*w 2-story-attic-and-base-
! mrm residence of 14 rooms; 2 baths, 6 brick
j mantels, u washstands, billiard-room; all ele-
gantly finished In hardwood; grand unob-
' structed marine view.; Pacific Heights,
i MARINE VIEW FLATS.
I ?05OO — Rent ?»«»>: something new tn flats-. 2
' se;>arate entrances; 2 beautiful brand new
. fiats on best portion of Union St.; fine marine
j view; large lot: not one dark room; S and 7
. rooms and bath each; see these at once.
.; WJ58TERN ADDITION CORNER.
' $30,000 — Large corner, faclnr Park: not far
I from Flllmore «t.; 6 new flats, tl to 7 rooma
and bath; abundance of sun and light; rents
HOMES ON EASY TERMS.
S2O7SV-- T500 cash, balance monthly: new 2-
: rtory cottages. B rooms and bath: every mod-
i rm Improvement; Elizabeth st., near Castro
and 2-ith st. cars.
! FLATS NEAR PARK PANHANDLE.
j J723O — Two modern flats of & and a roomj.
I porcelain tubs: everything just like new; rents
¦ .*-52 50; lot 2D2125.
.VBW MISSION FLATS.
74250 — Two brand new flats of 4 and 5
' room* and i>orcelaln bath: high basement:
' r*ntlr_-. for *48O o«r annum: handv with
Castro and l*tb-«.t. cars: lot 27:6x125.
SOUTH-OF-MARKKT INVESTMENT.
j $4f>OU — Two suhstantia! flats; •¦ontalnlngr •">
• rcomn and hath each: In >1 condition; this is
one of the be-t renting sections south of Mar-
ket; rsnted low at $38; mortgage- $1300 can re-
main; near Fourth and Bryant sts.
' NEW MISSION FLATS.
$4Vm — Two new flats near rhurch an-1 2Tith
Bts.. 4 and 5 rooms and bath: laundry In base-
• ment; brick frundntlnn: rent $3"J.
; \r.\V MISSION FLATS.
*523O — Two new fiats of 4 and 5 room*.
1 r'TPElaln baths; strictly modern and up to
• date; street worh nil done; rents $42 30; near
! Harrison and 22d *ts.
, RICHMOND LOTS.
; *3l)O to $6.0O: >23 en sh. " balance 510> monthly;
lets mi Print Lcb».s. atth and 35th aves.: only
a f#w left .
LYON & HOAG.
116 MONTGOMERY ST.
! UNPRECEDENTED SALE OF LOTS.
j Over 20O Vets RoM In 8 in Spite of
i Rainy Weather.
BAT DISTRICT LOTS IN BIG DEMAND.
•10OO TO J1250 EACH".
•iOOrt TO «1250 EACH.
ri.V» CAPH. ?1O MONTHLY.
CliO CASH. ?1O MONTHLY.
' Have ycu bsen out to the Bay District prop-
'¦ erty lately from 1st to 4th aves.. Point Lobos
! ar<l C vt. ? Over 200 lots have been »ol<1 her»
j within the Inst rt weeks. Many new buildings
(are b*ln-; started. The property is advancing
tin value. Never in the history " of tha^ city
I hnve lotn sold so fa*t. Take a car and ae<>
i the. prcperty and you will understand the rea-
! son for the hiM sale.
i LYON fz HOAG. 11« Montgomery st.
i _-. - - -
' FOR sals — S25 Alvr.rado St., new house of <i
I ro^ir.i; u? t'l datt: come and see it; open
J Sundays; *310O. ,
1 FOR SALE.
j Beautiful well-built cottage of 7 rooms.
; hith and fine basement; brick foundation:
close to 4 lines of cars; see the owner; call
before noon. 223 Third ave.. Richmond Dis-
trict.
S250O — 2 FLATS of 4 and 3 rooms, baths; good
. location; Income $25 per month. Apply 331V
j Mlfsion tL
HOUSE on corner. lot: handsome home; stabl;.
etc.: for sale chaao. - 800 First are.
LATEST system sanitary plumbing by AHL-
BAl'H A MAYER, plumbers, 830 Howard.
CHEAPEST and best tn America— The Weekly
Call. 10 pages, sent to any address In th«
United States or Canada one year for $1,
'¦' r"vm>T» raid.
. i *~~~~" ~-™~"--*»»~~'»~~-~'-~-~-™-"-»~~~-»--»— — — — i
j lAX WATRO HEAL ESTATE.
I " •- ;
ij EAN MATF.O : SAN MATEO
THE FINKST SUBURBAN RESIDENCE
; DISTRICT NEAR 8AN FRANCISCO.
We have a choice list of excellent r-*!denc«
properties, villa -tte» and acreage. Don't fall
to see u» before buying. Investigate Ban
Mateo Park. The ideal property of them all.
Lots ot about one acre each. Easy terms.
Bound to t>e must valuable. gee our local
agtnt. Frank S. Urucimon. San Mateo offlc<
open Sundays.
BALDWIN * .HOWELL. 25 post st.
SAN MATEO. ~ BURLINOAME
Best suburban him«s near San FTancl«eo- n<
ferrj': electric railroad now running; lots an.
i rssld'.nces fcr'-Rle: we can sell rood lota «•
I | low as ?5OO each; J . we will' be glad to sho«
. th»ra; we also have wim* acreage, land neai
by as luw as tiwt tn *2m p^ r acre,
i I McA FE E BROTH ER S.
'• 10* Montromery -t.. Pan Francisco.
I ' ,- I l e< ' kl^ n . t *-* nt - fi - P- GOODHUB. Westen
| i Union Telegraph huildlnr. San Mateo.
' rO1X ' r '"CUMOXP KEAL ESTATE.
• FACTORY SITE IN THE RICHMOND IMS
f I TR1CT. WITH SOUTHERN PACIFI,
RAILROAD AND DEEP- WATER FRONT
AGE. FORTY ACRES IN SUBDIVISION.
•I. AT *500 PER ACRE. BEST FACTOR'
r GROUND IN THE STATE FOR TH1
• "* MOM EV. ' • •
FOR FURTHER PARTICULARS All
DRESS '-'.¦ W. R. ELLIfl & CO..
r -J15Q SHATTUCK AVE.. BERKELEY STA
s PHONE NORTH ,02. .
ALTA PUNTA TRACT.
' Stege-.'on Santa Fe electric road; $270 pe
acre: building lots $1CO; orchards and build
Ing* $400 per acre; monthly payments: sen<
for maps. HAIOHT. 401 California st..S.F
: poTnV~richm6nd"1lots. - * • .
all leveu $5 per month,
mcewen bros.. us montgomehv stTHE SANO FRANCISCO CALL; -SUNDAY; MARCH 20 - 1904.
43
WHCBLI.AKKOW FOR SALE— Cow.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sals, rental;
bargains. Bullard * Igreck. 181 Post st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
ft Co.. 122 Market st. -_^
GASOLINE 'engines, automobiles and launchw;
all slx«f. .T._ E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters: all
make*. ALEXANDER & CO.. IIP Montg'y.
MISCELLANEOUS .WANTS.
WANTED— -Light steel or Iron rails, eight or
• twelve icund. In good condition. EDWARD
A. ELLSXVORTH. Klles. CaU
XV ANTED — Second hand surveying Instru-
ments; .rive description; lowest price. Box
4278. CaTl office. -
WANTED~to~rer.t, violoncello. Call after-
noons or evenings, room 10, Academy of Sci-
ences building. .
WANTED — Sacks for shipping aulphurets. Ad-
dress Sierra Gold Mining Company. Grove-
t land, Cal. .
WANTED — A two-story house to remove; will
give good. price. R. C. 3071 Eighteenth st.
WANTED — Standard or Webster's Interna-
tional Dictionary; date price. Box 4467. Call.
XV ANTED — Healthy chickens for farmyard.
Address I. HARRIS, 1208 Florida St.. X'allejo.
LATEST style baby buggy; cost §27 50; cheap.
40 .Eighth «t.
AMADOP. , Improvement Co.. Ranlett. Cal.,
wants chickens, pigecna. bees; write them.
CASH carrier. second-hand, wanted. Box
4274. Call offlce.
SHOES wanted: mlsflt & castcC; highest pres.;
new & 2d hand tboes for Dale. 749 Mission.
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOLMES.
1149 Market st.; phone Jessie 3741. or postal.
I PAY highest prices for all kinds of cast-oft
clothing: send postal. MORRI3. 043 Folsom.
TILTON'wants eocd K»eond-hand clothing and
¦ thentrlcal rnod«. t~% f>th *'.. : tyl. Jp««t» g»S1.
MONEY TO LOAN.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
UOl-602-itfM Examiner Building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Eetat> s, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests; bsslgnments of rents; property In trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in prop.'rty uurchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confldentlaL
XVh'en You Need Mon»y.
See HERMAN MURPHY. '_
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY (INC).
CONTROL $1,000,000.
REAL ESTATE LOANS.
INTEREST ti PER CENT.
FIRST, SECOND AND THIRD MORTOAOES.
CITY AND OAKLAND.
COUNTRY AND TOWN PROPERTIES.
ESTATES IN PROBATE.
UNDIVIDKD INTERESTS IN REAL ESTATE.
REAL ESTATE IN TRUST.
107-8-9-10-U. CROCKER BUILDING. S. F.
XVILL LOAN
A reoa liable- amount on
1st, 2d or 3d
Mortgare, on real estate or
Chattel*, in city, town
or country.
l_»v rate of interest.
Give full particulars
of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
Box 408. Call Office. __
MOXEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, tfamstrrs, boarding-houses, without
ncurlty: easy payments: large business in
4f> principal cltlt-3.' Tolman. 6M Parrott bldg.
ANY amount quickly on furniture or piano,
without removal or other security; no com.;
fairs* t rate*; strictly confidtntial. National
Credit Co., IS Donohoe b!dg., 1170 Market st.
HIGHLY rescectable private place to obtain
liberal edvanc^s on diamond*, jewelry, at -
per cent inter* kt. Baldwin Jewelry- .Store,
I &4B Market, ; tel. Main 1044. Branch. 19 Third.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity: $23 up; quick
quirt, confidential. 2B Montgomery St.. rm. 7.
MONEY to loan on low Interest: jroM. silver,
diamond?, pearls and precious stones bought
at XV. J. HKSTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave..
¦ LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
NEW easy methofl — To wage earners on unln-
dorsed notes; absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company, rooms 4S-49, Chronicle b!dg.
TO salaried people without security: on furni-
ture. Indorsed note* and other security. S. F.
Discount Agency, 113 Fh*lan bldg.
AT lowest rates en furniture and pianos; strict
prlvacyaio commission; installments accepted.
BONELLI. 301 Eddy. Conservatory building.
ALL loans on diamonds and jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Lean, Bank. 33S Kearny.
3% ON lurnlturete pianos: $15 up; no removal:
no £om. X\ TREHAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy »t-
1 PER cent on furniture or ptann. 1P0.1 Mutual
Savins* Bank building. 7 as Market, st.
FURNITURE leans; private part>% 4?7 Hay-
ward bujidln;;.
STAR I.' an Co. <of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R. 311 Mutual Sav.Itk.bld.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
indorter. MOREI.L. 6Ci> Examiner building.
51USICAL INSTKUMKNTS.
BAKUA1N& IN SECOND-HAND PlANOS~AS
FOLLOWS:
Two Stelnway. one Chickerlny. on» Sterling,
cne Haines Bros., two Steck. one Stelnway
grand and one Steck grand: also many other
liiar.es trom $75 up and square pianos Jrcra $10
up. all fully guaranteed.
; BENJ. CURTAZ ft SON. 16 O'Farrull «t
A CLEAHANCK i-ale cf upright pianos from
$'0 up; bargains ever offered in San
Francisco: all makes. We rent upright
' p'* nus f° r *- r -* r month: new at S.I per
month; all money paid applies en purchase
Heine Piano Co.. 2:S5-237 Geary «.:. Oakland
• ddrr?a 1-.1- Broadway.
THE pianos of the lat* OTTO BENDIX, ccn-
slstlnk' of Knabe grands and Kohler & Chase
upright*, all purchased last June, are of-
fered for rale at a largo sacrifice. Apply at
onre to MRS. OTTO BENDIX. California
Conservatory. -.1329 Gutter st.. cor. Franklin.
ONLY Diano house tn the city that will res:
ycu a new piano for ?•! p«r month and allow
ti month*' . renr end carta?e off purchase
price; *ol« agents for McPha.il. Schiller and
otheY m«kiv. SCOTT-CURTAZ. SCO Hayea.
A FEW unredeemed storage pianos (also furni-
ture) will be sold to pay storage dirt cheap.
WHITEHEAD'S rtorno*. 1G3i; Market st.
FOR sale chrep— Organ. $20. 3S31 Twenty-
third bt.
SMALL ptano* fnr wall apartments: great
' tone: rent or sale. Byron Mauzy, '.iCS Post at.
NEW upright pfnnos sold on $*> monthly pay-
m-nts. SCHMTT5J A CO.. 1« McAllister st.
3-PEDAL 5innw«y npv^Cal«lwrta< baby grand;
Shonli.gtr. little u«ed. Keeffe"s. 235 O'FarrslL
IF ycu want barcainp corns now; pianos al-
• mc*t given »w»y, Hornung. 216 McAllister.
A KISCHKi: uurlaht piano for »al«; good as
new: Sl.<5. -37 Geary st.
HOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Ceclllaa piano
player. BX'RfN MAUZY. SOS-SIS Post fct.
OFFICES AM) STORES TO LET.
FOLSOM. U.15A — Fin* large store and S rooms;
rent *"i0; key upstairs. BURNHAM &
MARSH CO.. 211 Montgomery st.
LARGE, well-ventilated basement. Cor. Kear-
ny ar.il Merchant sta.. c?p. Hall of Justice.
FAii">iJST!lV.
! READ en page "4 -of tlie warning by Ismar,
j • the wonderful Gipsy seeress.
i ¦ ~~~"~~~ < *--- --¦''
MADAM DJSVAS.
PALMIST AND ARTP.OLOGI3T. LIEBE3
BUILDING. 13» POST 8T.
MME. NEERGARD. located at 242 Post: hours
1 to, 5 dally. Phone Jamea 1. Classes. '
MME. HERNANDEZ, wonderful palmist aoj
card reader.' 421 Hyde st.
I H. JEItOMK KOiELLI. scientific palmist, 313
i Tayl*»r »t.. rekr Geary. Phone Black "iGl. ¦
PHRENOLOGY. ' .
ANTHUOPOGRAPHY of the four nations and
'"¦ 4M tribes that descended from Abraham; Gen.
17: "1 have discovered the fixtd law or seal
of the Intellett by which I can tell to, what
tribe you belong; Jew. . gentile or the lest
tribes.". Send me day and date of birth; na-
tionality of parents, uomplexton, color of hair
and eyes., photo and 50c ¦ and receive trial
'tribe rtauing My book, 240 pages. 41 Illus-
trations, giving historical origin of tribes,
cloth $2. pacer *l 50. R. BEVINGTON XVEB-
BER Payt"n. Oregon. ¦ . ¦.
- .. PUYSICIA.XS AND SL'RU£ON.4.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL — Offlce and resident.
¦ 1021 >4 Market st.. bet. eth and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, (km 'and rectal ' diseases ' a »p««la!t>-.
• DR. > BALL. 1073% Mark«t st, :
REMOVED— DR. XVONG HIM. 'herd doctor,
.treats all diseases of the human body;- for
past four years at 115-117 Mason; now Io-
cate**. at 6H7. Geary, -st.; near , Lea ven worth.
OR TONO PO CHT." successor ; to Dr. Lt , P»
Tat.* herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by'u»e of herbs and teas. 727 XVanhlngton st-
W ON G. WOO, the famous herb doctor— All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 716-3 Clay st.
OAKLAND AD VEETISEMENTS
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
460-462 EIGHTH ST., OAKLAND.
$4250 — Worth' $6000; extra good 0-room home;
beautiful terraced lot 50x150; elevation; ma-
rine view. -. ¦ . -. • ¦
$1750— Splendid sunny- cottage of 6 rooms and
. bath; lot 37:6x160. - s
$5500 — Modern 8-room colonial; furnace, car-
pets and range Included; near 14th-st. depot.
$1100 — Double your money; 68x148; opposite
Idora Park.
$5500 — Splendid J-room home with lot 80x152;
near the Boulevard.
$20,000— Clay-st. frontage 100 feet; .rents at
$125 per month; can easily increase.
$2350 — Home of 7 rooms; 85 feet frontage; near
Broadway; reasonably close In..
$2350 — Modern , 5-room cottage ; CO feet front-
age; 5 minutes' walk to City Hall.
$1000 — 4-room cottage; lot 90x168; cheap.
$600 — 0 rooms; 25 feet frontage; terms.
$850 — 8 rcoms; 07 Va f*et frontage; terms.
?2850.
Modern; 0 rooms; lot 45x100; close In; buy now.
J3O00.
Pretty cottage; up-to-date; Grove st., near 36th.
$3700. . ¦'.;'•
Modern cottage; lot 100x365; cholcett location;
facing Fruitvale ave.
" • LOTS. .
51750 — Will double in value; half acre front-
ins on new Piedmont S. P. road; Lake Mer-
rltt view: be quick.
$1150—50x140; Grove and Cist sts.; positive
sacrifice.
FRUITVALE.
$650 — Foreclosure- 6ale; 113x1404 good well; San
Leandro road.
$1750 — Easy terms; cozy, modern, corner cot-
tage; 100x120; stable; San Leandro road.
ALAMEDA. <
$1500— Choice lot 50x150; Park-st. frontage. .
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
460-462 Eighth St.. Oakland Cal.
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO. (INC.).
1172 BROADWAY. COR. FOURTEENTH ST.
REAL ESTATE.
INSURANCE.
TEL. MAIN 35.
$235O
Buys a flne new cottage on pretty street,
near Telegraph ave.: lt contains 6 rooms and
bath and has hish bas?nunt; Juat completed
for the owner's residence and now must be
sold, as owner la leaving town.
$2000.
Fine little fi-room cottage with high base-
ment Rnd all modern' conveniences: has been
built 3 years and is In flne condition, inside
and out: let us show you this; . It is a snap
at the price.
$4250
Buys flne 7-room bouse In East Oakland,
near Lake MtrrMt. well built and has every
modern convenience: we should like to show
this tn you; easy terms can be made to suit
the purchaser.
$3500.
Here is a fine 8-room house in best kind of
locality and on high ground; contains all mod-
ern conveniences and can be bourht by ttmall
monthly payments: let us show this to you and
give you particulars.
$6250.
Fine XX'ebster-«treet home of . 8 rooms and
bath and 2 moms in thr attic; the hall and
dining room are finished in oak and every-
thing about the plate is first class; the lot Is
on the west side of the etreet and Is 45x100;
tfcrms if desired.
INSURANCE.
REAL ESTATE.
MEMBERS OAKLAND REAL ESTATE AS-
SOCIATION.
WOODXVARD. WATSON * CO. (INC.).
1172 BnOADXX'AY, COR'. FOURTEENTH ST.
| ______________ _
REAL KSTATE. INSURANCE AND FINAN-
¦ C1AL AOENT8,
1230 BROADXVAY, OAKLAND, CAL.
TELEPHONE CEDAR 351.
! A SNAP.
$1SOO^ — Cottage of 5 rooms; about 4 blocks east
of Broadway, between 8th and 14th sts.:
handy to loral and narrow-gauge trains:
a special bargain, 13y4
$2650 — Large, modern, two-story house of fi
rooms, bath and laundry; combination
fixtures: wfth lot 33xlE0 feet; one block
from car line; in neighborhood of :?8th
and Grove ets. F.
A SPECIAL BARGAIN.
$3250 — Neat. attractive little cottage of 5
rcoms, with lot 50x100 f«et;. near corner
of Sixteenth anil Hrufh. 1207
ANOTHER CLOSE-IN BARGAIN. •
$4750— Two modern, up-to-date cottages, one
recently built, on NW. corner, of 5 and 7
rooms respectively, within half a dozen
blocks of City Hall: houses will runt
readily for $50 ner month. 1301
ANOTHER BARGAIN.
$3750— Large 2-*t*ry house of 8 room*, with
frontage of ,"7:0 feet, 3 blocks from Wash-
ington st.; situated in the vicinity of »th
and Jefferson sts. 573
CALL ON US IF YOU XVANT A SNAP ON
SOME INBIDK PROPERTIES.
TAYLOR BROS. & CO..
1230 BROADWAY. OAKLAND. CAL.
GEO. II. X'OSE. 111S BROADXVAT.'
$2750— .Modern oottag* of 6 rooms and bath:
high basement: only 2 minutes' walk (win
14th and Broadway; - 25 .'fe»t front; only 100
feet from 17th «nd Kan Pab!o uve.
$(•000— I>ot. 100s7.">, only .". blocks from 12th
and Broadway: right in. the heart of city; In-
vest'iate It. .,'
$400 — 7 lots'. $400 to $600 »a»-h. only 2 blocks
frcm railronf* str.tlon In Berkeley; a great
Enap; go an'l p»e It *>r yourrelf. «
OHO. H. VOKB. R»al Estate.
111S I'roadwsy, Oakland.
$2. r >0 CASH. $3 7.1 monthly: double cottage of 4
nice rooms, -bath and pantry; grandwell of
poft hprlni? - water: Al nnn<ly loam; young
fruit tree?, flowers, Locanberrles. raspberries,
and blackberries: chicken ' house . and barri
and ohicken run; 2 lots. 03x100. all fenced;
no cold wind or fog: near electric car line,
school, church, poftoftice and large hall: k*>c-
tion new. but nicely spttled up; price. $1201)
In all. Call or. wend for circular." 4"> Seventh
st., opp. Bnadwiiv ftatlon. Oakland; car-
riage-free. H. Z. JONES, owner.
GCLdTI ! ! HOLD ! !
INCOME PROPERTY.
1 S2S.O0O— Lot. 7." foot front, within 150 feet of
Broadway: 2-«tory brick building, 8 rtores
on ground floor and hall and 25 rooms on
second floor; Income $230 per month. -..-'
$O.0CC— Lrt. 50x130, four flats, on Eighth St.:
• income $91 r»»r' month; this is a enap; will
pay O-per cent net.\.-
~- J. H. MACDONALD & CoT;
1C:.2 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
$0rjOO — A FINK home in Lake Side district:
thoroughly modern and up- to date;" 10
rcoms; lot 45x100; 5 blocks from new
- Postufflce; old price $8000: must be. sold '
$1000— A lovely heme near Teleirraph ave.; ,0
room*: modern- in every way; driveway
and barn: « electric lights m barn; look
this up at once. .
C.-.K. MARSHALL. 1118 Broadway. <¦
$15— FURNISHED 4-room cottage and bath on
• sunny side of the street and close in.
GEO^H. VOSE. Real Estate.
* . 111S- BROAPXX'AY. OAKLAND.*
THREE small flats, 22d Bt., nr. San Pablo
ave.; in: good condition: rents $2f>; prlc
; $25(;0. Call at. MKJ Franklin st., Oakland,
¦„¦" owner. Y : k~': .1' T ¦''."--'.•¦¦ : : " . • : ¦•-:;; /, '/ ¦:,;¦¦
WANTED — A. flna 7. or 8 room house In Oak-
land in -a good ; location for cash: not too far
'.-'' out. P.r C.-Lawen. 4GC Tanth nt... OaklanJ.
•> OAKLAND ; LODGING-HOUSES."
5750 CASH ¦will, buy this nice lodging-house.
¦i 10 rooms.* 003*4 ' XVashlngton - et., Oakland ;
• ¦ If, sold before April.. ''.* -¦ ¦ r ' -' V'r\ . ¦ -:.¦ t ¦' i '
TO-MORROW, the day for, bargains inTfurinU
ture. II. Schelhaas.llth 6t..cor.s:ore.Oakland.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'M'NTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
A GROWING CITY.
Sf** e ! e **> Population. 1890. 5,000. v ."
2**£ el *y> Population. 1800, 13.214.
«**eley s population. 1004, 20.000.
Berkeley's population, 1D10. 40,000.
- „ $ , . .
° w >-* A. HOME IN THIS GRAXD CITY OF
HOMES. PRICES SUCH AS THE FOLLO'.V-
VI2- D ° UBLB IN A FDW TEARS -
$450 — Lot 50x135; near Grova st
S6..O — Lot 40x160; near N. Berkeley station.
$400 — Lot 50x135; near High School.
*»00 — Lc t 45 X i3o ; near Telegraph ave.
$1200— Lot 60x135; ntar Dwlght way statiou.
$1500— Lot 60x145; very near . university.
! SNAPS IN HOUSES.
$1500 — 6 rooir.«; lot C0xl35; south front; terms.
v'-t»C0 — Pretty 6-room new colonial; near Berke-
ley station: paneled dining-room; 2 toilets,
porcelain both, laundry, cement basement; '
the best thins for the money on the mar-
1 Uet.
: $33C0 — 8 roomr; new colonial; modern, styli&h,
: fightiy ground; East Shattuck, North (
I Berkeley. * • '¦
| $4SC0 — New 7-room house, near High School; •
mod»rn. elegant interior finish. See lt. j
WRITE L'S FOR MAPS OF BERKELEY
AND FURTHER INFORMATION. PHONE
NORTH 32.
VT. R. ELLIS & CO.,
2150 Shattuck ave.. Derkeley. j
tZZOO— XVcrth $10,000; bank loaned $500« |
on this property; J> large rooms; good as new; i
street work all done; cement walks; fruit trees j
I in full bearing; large barn; lot 323x140; pret-
j ticFt rai-den In Berkeley. ;
$::i.Vt — New 7-room house, frescoed walls, fine I
I mantel; etre*t work all done; near both trains; I
; $.Vhj cash, balance 525 r*r month; less than ,
! rent. J
?iri00 — Nearly new 4-room cottage, all fur- j
j nti-hed. including new piano, carpets, curtain?, j
! beds, bedding, pictures and dishes; lot J>0xl3A: (
(fruit trees and beautiful flower garden; half
block to train; owner East. j
J140O — 5-room cottage; lot 50x150; street j
¦wcik all done; well and pump: chicken hou?e
cr.J yaj-d; one and a half blocks to cars; $400
each, balance $12 per month.
$700 — 4-room cottage; '1 blocks to cars; lot j
40x132:0 feet. ;
1200 will buy a fine let. all sewered. !
$2300 — Store and two flats; flne corner.
£• XV. C. MORAN. South Berkeley.
BUY A HOMD IN BEAUTIFUL BERKELEY.
$2,000— New house of 6 rooms near Berkeley
station.
$2,S50 — Lovely cottage on sunny vide of best
residence street, handy to Key route.
$5,000 — New houre of 7 rooms, with furnace.
$4.000 — Flna corner house, new and complete.
$1,000 — Lot In Berry Bangs Tract.
$5,750 — A beautiful house of 'J rooms, new end
within walking distance of Key route.
$1,000 — A business lot on Telegraph avenue,
with at 5-room cottage.
$.100 for a 60-foot lot In good location.
$20 per foot, south frontage, one block
from CoWege-avc. car line; street work
<5cne.
; $65,000 — Business block at Berkeley, bringing
iri a good Interest.
JOSEPH J. MASON, REAL ESTATE.
BE. cor. Center st. and Shattuck ave.
$550— GOOD lot 50x125; only 4}j blocks to
U. C. and '-Key."
$750 — Handsome lot. 50x135; beautiful views;
east of Grove and south of Vine. j
$1275 — Choice lot; fine location; only 2 blocks
of U. .
$1*>00— X'ery desirable lot in HIHegass Tract, i
$1500— An elegant corner lot. 50x110; con- ¦
venifnt to U. C. and "Key." !
$1150. ?l«00. $1SOO, $2000, $2500— Desirable lots
la the Scenic Tract: and lots north of
Dwifeht and east of Fulton at $1660, $1050
up' to $6000. :
¦*A> have over 100 houses on our lifts for
j fcalo and, if we do not have one to suit you,
i can Eell you a lot and build a house to your
; taste. , .
| LYMAN ALLEN. 2120 Center st.. Berkeley.
I AMONG THE BEST.
$230f) — Rare opportunity: cottage of f> good
j roomy; e-att of railroad, close to North Berke-
ley station; easy terms.
$2i>50 — 2-6tcry colonial house, 6 rooms; close
to Ftatlon: new and well arranged.
*21Z>0 — Elegant colonial cotuge. 5 rooms and
bath: lot I»Oxl22: fine lawn and flowers; best
location; very desirable.
S25KM) — Sacrifice for Immediate sale; owner
going Katt; nearly new 2-story house 7 good
rooms, bath, hall, pantry, etc.: lot <>0xl44; Im-
proved street; southern exposure; close In.
S26O0 — 8-rocm houFe, built one year; lot fiOx
lnfi; improve! street; sunny exposure; $?50
down, $25 p*r month.
H. D. IRWIN. Lflrin Station.
Open Sundays.
CENTRAL REAL ESTATE COMPANY,
21*3 CENTER ST.. BERKELEY.
IF YOU WANT TO
OR BUILD,
PLACE YOURSELF IN OUR HANDS.' XX'E
IIAX'E WHAT YOU WANT, CAN GET IT
OR IT IS NOT TO BE HAD.
CENTRAL REAL ESTATE COMPANY.
2149 CENTER ST.. ;
BERKELEY. ]
*630»- FOR A MODERN CpTtO-DATE NEW
HOME. 9 LARGE ROOMS. ATTIC. BASE-
MENT. FURNACE; DOUBLE FLOORS;
ELABORATE FIXTURES; IMPOSING RE- '
CEPTION HALL: MOST IMPROVED
PLUMBING: SERVANTS' Qt'AH'iv..;
LARGE LOT. <5Oxl35; NEAR CAR LINES;
THIS PROPERTY IS WELL BUILT;
OWNER EXPECTED TO LIVE IN IT.
BUT HIS AFFAIRS HAVE CHANGED:
ABOVE PRICE INCLUDES WALKS ASH
FENCF.S; PROPERTY COULD NOT BE
DUPLICATED FOR THE MONEY.
CALL AT ONCE. !
XV. J. MORTIMER & CO.. I
2123 CENTER ST.. BERKELEY STATION, j
$12,000 — HOUBE of 11 large rooms: about ail |
acre: nice barn and orchard; east of j
ObOese ave. In Berkeley: convenient to i
university; will exchange for ranch in I
rf;ht locality.
900 — N>tv 4-room cottage: high basement:
brick foundation; lot 35x100: 1 block >it
rar line; $400 cash, balance flat. loan.
MORAN * SXVAIN. 2131 Shattuck ave..
Opposite Berkeley station.
WHY r>ay rent when you can buy a new 5-
room cottage; bath: nantry: folding doorw;
pretty msntel; cl»etric lights; city water;
patent closet; hleh basement: brick foun-
dation; laree lot; close to station and elec-
tric car?, school, church and stores; price
$1650: terms $150 cash, balance same as rent,
. $18 monthly; oren Sundays. O. A. RU-
DOLPH. Loxin Station.
FRANCIS FERRIER, Real Estate, Insurance—
Deslrar.1* properties too numerous to mention
on every street in Berkeley at lowest price*' 1 ,
or W.11 furnish funds and build a heme for
you on monthly payment* less than rent
List your properties with us.
2121 Shattuck ave.. Opp. Berkeley station.
FOR SALE —
House. 5 roomH: electric cars et door, local 2 I
blocks; S2300: ea^y terrrs.
5-room hnuse: «ll*>d: furnished.
: 10 acres In heart r>f Berkeley.
¦ J. P. HAT.E & CO., 1511 Shsttuck ave., .
North Berkeley.
4 ACRES «n the heart of Berkeley; 2 blocks
from Santa Fe; 2 blocks frnm High School;
2 block.* from " electric car lln<»s: price $0000 '
fnr a few days only. LITTLH & WOOL-
FEY. 2il» b'hattuck ave., D«rl:eley.
A~BARGAIN.~
$J*»0^— Worth $10,000; bank loaned *.W) on this
property; meet b« sold: 8 beautiful rooms;
rood r.* n»w; fine wide street: near both
trains; lit 25x140; largo bam; prettiest gar-
Idcn in rsprkcloy; street work- all done. W.
C. MOHAN. South Berkeley.
JDftO — HANDPOME "l-room i-ottaee In North i
Berkeley: hlch' basement: concrete fnundu-
lion; rpints plastered: Ftreet finl*h»d: lot 10x
12S; handy to train nnd'ears; splendid view.
C. C. EMSLIE. Aghby eta., phone Stuart 703.
M. P. XV. ALREK. Real Estate and Insurance
— Hour's urd I"tE for *atp and houses for
r*nt. 2130 Center St., Berkeley. ¦
FEUITVALE ADY ? RT ? S'M'NT3
JTUCITVALK HKAL ESTATE.
CHAS. F. LEE. Phone Vale 206.
Office half block from the Frultval<s station.
$200 cash — New 6-room rottsge. corner "lot.
being 45x71x104: close to train, fire school and
street csr«; monthly payments, $15; price ail
told. $11CO.
54CO cash, balance $14 CO monthly; 4 rooms
and bath, high l.awiwnt cottage; abundance
of berries and flowers; two linen cf street cars
¦within u block: fine school; lovely neighbor-
hood: let '55x140; price, all told. $1C25.
4300 cash, balance $12 per month; largo 4-
room cottage; flne well of water: chlckfn yards
and houses; eet out in berries and small vege-
tables; fine place for chicken ranch; lot lOOx
245; floss to the foothills; street cars and fine
schcol near by: price, all, told. $1300.
$75 lots In the beautiful P.osa Lee Tract-
fine soil; grand view; new homes rapidly going
up; no cold winds or wet fogs and lots only
$73 each: $5 down, balance 52 50 per mcuth
CHARLES F. LEE. 1222 Frultvalq ave!
spECIAL :
FOR THIRTY DAYS.
LINDA PARK, LINDA PARK. LINDA PARK
' Tlie terrctnu«~ef 5-ctnt faro. Haywsrds cars;
streets graded and graveled: stone sidewalks;
depot on tract: lots from $50 to *200; $20 cash
and balance $10 per month; « IS blocks to local
train; best located ' property on San Leandro
road- graded school on tract. Apply to S. s.
AUt'TlN 1101 Twenty-third ave.. Oc*£land.
LOST A.VD FOirSP.
LOST — March IS. gold pin with pearls, going
from Sacramento to Hyde at. to Greenwich
Dupont; reward. 1430 Sacramento st.
LOST— Fox terrier pup: black fac« on right
side; tall cut long. 123 Sanches St.; reward.
LOST — A black and white setter; licensed.
Reward If f turned to 14 Third a*.
LOST— Wednesday morning, on Tiburon ferry,
or between Ferry and Mills building, a gold
locket from watch fob; liberal reward. Ra-
turn to room 81, tenth flocr. Mills bid*.
LOST — Small lemon and white pointer dog.
Reward room 33. Phelan building.
LOST— Lady's open silver watch with moao-
sram. Reward at 621 Mission at.
LOST— Esquimaux bitch: name Zaza: with
harness. . Return 236 Taylor st; reward.
FOUND— Black cocker spaniel en water front;
will b» sold to pay expenses. Box 4314. Call.
j£^ PEIISO.\ALS.
BLAKE— To THOMAS BLAKE, formerly of
Glenloo Abbey, Galway, Ireland, born about
tha year 1330. and who left Ireland In 13S0,
or to his wife and children:
If the abov* will communicate with T. E.
K. CORMAC. counselor at law, etc.. lit*
Bush street. San Francisco, he (or they)
will hear something to their advantage. This
notice is riven pursuant to directions from
the Chief Clerk of the Honorable Mr. Jus-
tice BARTON, of the High Court of Justice,
Ireland.
O'BRIEN— PATRICK O'BRIEN, who left
XX'aterford. Ireland, for San Francisco about
forty yeafa ago. and when last heard of wad
running 1 a sailors' boarding-house here (if he
Is dead, his heirs), may hear of something
to their advantage by communicating with
T. E. K. CORMAC. Attorney, ll'J Bush St.,
Sari Francisco.
| A— EGYPTIAN facial natfe treatment is tha
• best known, removing 'wrinkles, freckles, su-
perfluous hair and developing the bust; guar-
anteed without cain a^d not Injurious; fre«
treatment Monday and Tuesday. Dlt. ALI
HAXVE3. 33l» Sinter at.
A fresh, smooth and young looking face.
XVHh a real, genuine "baby skin."
Don't forget the name. M. ELLA HARRIS.
Tha number, 781 O'Farrell st.. near Larkla.
Call or writ* tor book. fra*.
"Hints on Beauty."
Al SUITS to order at $1 weekly. We bav*
ccntracts with leading houses to take all
their short ends, called remnants. >XV« rr.a:<«
you a flne suit on Installment!! cheaper than
others do fcr resh. LEON LEMOS, merchanc
tailor. 1127 Market st.. bet. 7th and 8th.
GRADUATES of New York School of Mauags
Osteopathy; vapor and electric baths; fac*
vibrating machine for rheumatism; gesutn*
tubs, hot and cold water; trained nurses as
attendants. Prof, and Mrs. Morris, 116 Taylor.
THE Star Hair, Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves Its growtb.stops falllng.cures .lanciruft
and Itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp ;at druggists', hairdressers' ".ac-
cept no substltue. Star Remedy Co.. 1333 Polk.
PARTIES goins to St. Louis World's Fair can
get accommodations with private family
within walking distance of tha grounds by
addressing C. M. W.. 4650A Maryland *Ve..
St. Loul*. -
{ A — Microtlns, a positive cure for catarrh, cold
; tn the head, hay fever., headacha and all »
¦ bronchial affections; send for frea sample.
MOUNTAIN TEA MEDICINE CO.. 272 ttth.
IMPORTANT for every sportsman and ath-
lete to have; send stamp for particulars. Ad-
dress XV. T. G. ilfs. and Supply Co.. Depart-
ment B. Emma Spreckha building. 8. F.
KAG carpets wove to order and for sale; a!so
chentlle-wov* rugs, silk portieres; deader in
carpet twine, m hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Pea. Matthews. 70'J Fifth St.. Oakland.
A WOMAN'S friend; destltuto free; secluded
home during confinement; housekeeping
room* In connection If desired. • MRS. Dfi.
EMIL1B FUNKE, 1416 Eighth st. Alameda.
I DRUNKENNESS, morphtna and all drus dis-
eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co..
812 Shotwell: consultation frea: call or writ*.
Cancerous lumps, sores, impure blood (aSacttng
•kin. mouth, bones, etc.), speedily cured by
tkilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy. 231 Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
HAIR grown gray restored; pimples, wrinkle*,
all blemishes removed: shampooing specialty.
MME. ROUME. 231 Post, parlors 13 and 1*.
AT less than coat, uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS', London
Tailor. 721 Market st.
SOCIAL dances Wed.. Thurs., Sat aad Sun.:
classes Mondays. Fridays. Louis* Foster's
Schcol of Dancing. 1558 Market, nr. Larkln.
GOLDEN GATE.3C0^ — Cor.;laundry.barber shop,
cigars, tobaccos, newspapers: suit* cleaned.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
elec. needle. Dr. and Mrs. Travers, 1170 Mkt.
SUITS to order on Installment* of $1 per week.
NEUHAUS & CO. (Inc.). tailors. 723 Market.
i LIQUOR habit cured In two days or no charge
'"' ACME LIQUOR CURE CO.. 007 Market at.
I Actlna restores lost eyeslpht :cures deafness and
I ' catarrh. A'VIDA CO.. 3324 19th. nr. Valencia.
MRS. Eaton, electric needle, specialist 383 8ut-
ter. r. CO!). Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, room 39.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books wigs;
| country orders. GOLDSTEIN^ & CO.. 733 Mkt.
! TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 CO.
| Misfit Clothinsr Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color. $1; at all druggists'.
! a WEEK'S news for 0 cent* — The. Weekly Call.
! 1« pare*. In wrapper.for. mailing. $1 per year.
i PAPKRHA^GIXfi. PAWTIXG. ETC.
j ROOMS papered. S4 up: tinting, painting.
i Hartrrann Paint Co.. 319 Third: tel. Ma In 4U.
J SEWI.\G MACHINES AMD SUPPLIES.
[ 200 NEXV White sewing machines for rant at
' S2 cer month. Why not rent the- best?
White Sowing Machlna Co.. 300 Post st ana
I 1841 Killmore «t.
j 50 NEXV White sewing machines, slightly shop
' worn, at half price or less at 300 Post nt
and 1S41 Flllmore st.
! DOMESTIC — The machine for family us*;
best Is cheapest: s»»«?ond-hand all makes at
any price; all ' kinds rented lowest rates.
Domestic offlc*. 1021 Market, near Sixth.
NEW HOME — Sea our new triple-feed ma-
chines: slightly used: $1C. $15. $20; second-
! hand. $-\ $5. $S: all styles: guaranteed. Ne^
I Home Sewing Machine Co.. 1051 Market nt.
! OFFICE fcr £inser Sewin? Machine CO.. 22 14
Mission at., nr. 10th: all kinds rep., rented.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
Ladles! Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pil'.j
are best; safe, reliable; take no other. Send 4o
stamps for particulars. "Relief for LadieV*
In letter by return mail. Ask your druggUt.
Chichester Chemical Co.. Philadelphia. Pa.
LADIES, send your address to 1126 Market St.,
S. F.. valuable tntorrr— **»**' rrwim 2.
STORAGE A.VD \VAnEfIOUSEJ.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.: furniture,
household gcoda stored, moved, shipped, 7-5-
731 Howard st. ur. Third: phone Grant 131.
PI£RCF.-RODCLPH Storage & Mov'.nc Co.. of-
licc. Post and Powell sts. ; teL Prlv. Ex. 571.
• CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
; dise. 3.'!3 Golden Gate ave.; Phone East 123.
I GOLCEN XVe»t Storage: advances made. K40
i Mission St.: tel. Howard 041. F. W. Zehfu»s.
! PACIFIC Stora«» and Furniture Mo-'->t Com-
j pany. 2320 Flllmore st.: pho-« Jackson ""t.
j BEKINS X"ar. ani Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
j st.; tel. Main 1S40 Shipping at cut rates.
| TYPEA\JK!ITJ2RS_A^p_SJ7rPLlES. \
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. I
Smith Premier. $23; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50. Ta*
Typewriting Exchange. S36 California, st
A FEW gotd typewriters at $30 each: get par-
ticulars c« L.& M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont,
gomery st-
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
XV«-bster Typewriter Inspee. Co.. SOS Market.
j DIVIDEND XOT1CE3.
< SAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Horn* Build-
• Ing Society. 3th floor. Mutual Savings Bank
building, lo9 Market st. opposite Third—
Fcr tha half year ending 31st of December.
. 1903, a dividend has been declared at tha
xate per annum of (12) twelve per cast on.
capital stock and participating certtflcatas.
free of tazea. payabla on and after SATUR-
DAY. January 2. 1904. JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARD. .Manager. HUGH CRAIG. Secretary.
TO LEASE.
TO lease — For a term of years, three-story and
basement building In the business center. 111-
113 Sansome st. For particulars apply t >
EASTON. ELD RIDGE & CO.
TO lease — First-class rooming-house of 2"i
rc.omj, now undergoing a thorough remodel-
ing. 1UG0- Post st: will arrange interior to
suit tenant. Apply to EASTON, ELDRIDGU
- fc CO. .
TO lease; ¦ Kenllworth Jnn: romantically situ-
ated' In Milt X'alley; 50 minutes' rlda from,
San Franc;«co: completel- furnished; 4O ¦
rooms; steam and hot water baths; electrto
lltmts; heatera throughout: elevators, etc.:
rtnt low. Apply MADISON & BURKE. -0
Montgomery »t.
l»'or Additional Classlfled Advertise-
ments See Parre Forty-Four.
MILL VALLEY ADV'RT'S'aFTS
MILL VALLEY. REAL ESTATE.
SELLINO°rAST. '•"." '""/""" ~"
= Selling Faat. '
'100 Sold Up to Dtite.v,- •>
Large new subdivision at the -station of
Mi II Valley: 40 acres In large lots in tba very
center of the valley, none of which are lesa
than 50x120; prices range from $400 to $80O;
I terms, 10 per cent cash, balance $10 month-
ly; crand home sites amidst pleasant sur-
roundings; beautiful views of mountains and
bay; the climate unequaled; solendid op-
portunity for an, investment: land values
bound to Increase, as Mill Valley is rapidly
coming to the front. The new electric road
has shortened the time to 40 minutes from
the city. ¦ Mill Valley has all the con-
. veniences of a city; fine supply of pure
mountain water; eood sewerage and drain-
age, . electric lights, stores, churches and
schools, and In fact all conveniences. Lots
' beautifully wooded. Send for our new lllus- .
trated book descriptive of Mill Valley.
LYON & HOAG;
- . .- 116 Montgomery «t.
MILL VALLEY HOUSES TO LET.
FURNISHED house. Hillside ave.: 6 rooms and
bath; large grounds. J. Myers, 201 San«ome.
MATKIMOXIAL. ,
FARMER (widower), no lncumbrances, 42
years old, is able to give a good, true wife
a nice home, wants to correspond with a
lady, who would like to live In the country;
object matrimony. Box 4333. Call office.
XX'IDOXVER. In the north, no Incumbrance, 36
years old. has a fine home and a good sal-
ary, wishes to correspond with a. lady matri-
monially Inclined.' Box 4257. Call office.
AN attractive young lady. 26 years old, black
hair, brown eyes, cheerful disposition, would
like to meet a young man of good charac-
ter; object matrimony. Box 2015. Call.
AN unlncumberetl widower, has' property, hon-
est and sober, and can give a loving wife a
good home, wishes to meet a lady; object
matrimony. Box 2701, Call office.
GENTLEMAN. Catholic. 25 years, black hair,
blue eyes, fond of home and amusement,
would like to meet a lady; object matrimony.
Box 4600. Call office,
YOUNG man. 30, sober and Industrious, some
means and a good position, would correspond
with young lady; object matrimony. Box
4314. Call office.
AMERICAN (widow). 4S. good housekeeper,
would like j to meet an honorable and kind
gentleman;' object matrimony. Box 2973,
Call offlce.
XVIDOXV, 40. brunette, medium height, jolly
disposition, would like to meet a gentleman;
• object matrimony/ Box 205.'!. Call offlce.
AM a saleslady.. 28 years old (employed); would
like to correspond with gentleman who 1j
matrimonially inclined. Box 4209, Call.
YOUNO lady. 28. some property, would like to
meet a gentleman; object matrimony. Box
4300. Call offlce.
BACHELOR, a business man, would like a
wife. Address box 4312. Call offlce.
MEDICAL.
LADIES drslring safe, sure and quick relief
Irom Irregularities consult me at once; my
methods" are always safe, painless and reli-
able; I have no failures; cure guaranteed; no
exorbitant fees; 17 years' experience tn all
female disorders; call or write without delay;
advice free; correspondence confidential.
DR. XVHITE. 702 Market St.. rooms 7 and 8.
MRS. DR. XVYETH. specialist for all female
' complaints and irregularities: Instant relief
guaranteed; SO years' experience. 826 Post st.
MRS. DK. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities; instant re-
hef guaranteed. 1C03U Market gt.. opp. 5th.
VALPEAU'S female plIU; b*st regulating pills
' sold: price , $2 60 by express. Pasteur's
syringe and tablets; price J5. By express
only on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTH-
ERS, wholesale druggists. Seventh and
Broadway, Oakland.
DR. G. XV. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints: positively corrected: the unfortu-
nate helped: the most difficult cases treated;
advice fr«e. Office. 1018 Market st.
A DESTITUTE women'* friend: frea secluded
horn* durinz confinement : also housekeeping
rooms; infants adopted in good homes.
MRS. DR. FUNKE 141R 8th St., AlanWa.
MASSAGE, MASSAGE. MASSAGE.
Time for a few more treatments: terms very
reasonable. Box 30, Supreme Court building,
city. • • • .
Drs. Goodwin, 783 Turk, nr. Van Ness — Expert
in obstetrics, female complaints; Inst. relief;
treatment $10: hours, 10 to 5; 25 yearo' exper.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1US Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement: bf-«t medical care: low fees. .
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market St.
LADIES — Our monthly regulator never falls;
box free. X'lTA CO.. Station A. Detroit. Mich.
DR. ROSEN* resides 2095 Folsom it., corner
2ftth: ladles, relief or no fee: $10.
DR. NO. TOY KEE. 310 Powell st_. opoostt*
U.nion square: all difea*** cured bv b»rbs.
MlSCELLAftKOtS-— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & XVOLPMAX. 195-197 Fremont st.
I DOES TOUR RCOF LEAK?
Repair It with claterlte: in rolls eaey to lay:
needs no painting or coating; frond over old
Iron, tin or shingles; be?t for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFINO CO.. 713 Market st.
NOTHING new this week with the exception
of a v.lmlf lot of pipe and fittings: you make
the prirc: now Is the time to buy It. II. S.
XVHITE Machinery Co.. San Francisco ami
Oakland. Main offlce, 130-l.TJ Beale gt. .
AT Oakland Telegraph-Avenue Poultry Yard,
eggs for hatching of B. 1\ P-ock», B. Minor-
cas. XX'. Leghorns, n. Cochin, Indian Runner
ducks. Pekln duckp and Toulou30 geese eggs;
also Incubator chlckp. 6405 Telegraph ave.
2D-HAND machinery, bcilers. engines, purapt,
pulleys, shafting; etc., etc., bought, sold,
rentfd and ••xebanped: rtt Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-133 Beale st.
PAINT your old and new metal and shingle
roofs with Asbestos Roof Paint; guaranwd
to stop all leaks in the one and preserve th«
new. 205 Front «t.: tel. Main 1423.
A — FINE suits. $7 80; dress pant-. $2 50. Origi-
nal MUflt Clothing Parlors. 23S Kearny st..
near Bush: open to 9 p. m., Sunday to noen.
A— BUY"s*. sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boiler!', water pipe.- shafting, pulley*,
etc. XVHITELAXX'. 253-25.1 Spear st.
i STAMP collection for sale for '$25; BOO varie-
ties; al! miff than 20 years old. XVrtt* I*.
L. XX-., 1180 Mason «t.. S. F.
ALTERATION fale— Bes>t $2 SO hat*. $1 50.
Popular Price Hatter, 330 Kearny st., near
Pine: open t«> » p. tn.; Sundays to noon.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 00 pair;
: ¦ foot-form xhoes at $2 60; we pay . express
sharjres. 11 :»d Et.. Exam.' bid. : catalog free.
2¥ic. KOLL Mill up: flne wall paper: samples
! ma!I*d; ptlr.ting, tinting, papering. M. MER-
| IGAN. 1302 XVeb^ter. Tel. Jackson 1321.
SECOND-HAND Incubator, holding 100 cftgs or
more. Apply C. SPEARS. 631 'Thirtieth St.,
1 Oakland. Phone Black 1715. ¦
BUFF Leghorn " eggs for . hatching stock, for
: sale, 128 X'alley St., nr. Church; Sundays.
i LARGEST runt", best hen pigeons, etc. Glen-
1 more Piston Loft. Elmhurst.
PRINTERS— Special .-bargains In presses, type,
material; complete outfits. HOAO, 513 Market
FOR' sale-7-Klng vibrator, as good ' as new;
' one-half cos'. Plaza barber shop. Oakland.
ELASTIC stockings. ?2. Factory, 40 Ellis st.
! FOR Bale-, cheap, 2 fresh cows with calves,
j San Bruno: and Silver aves.
! FOR Kale, cheap — Fine large safe with heavy
steel vault. 354 '-Hayes street.
YOUNG chfeks for sale; 10c each, r.003 Twenty-
third st., cor. Noe, or Inquire grocery.
SHOE repairing shop for sale; in country. Ad-
; .dress JOSEPH LEDDY, XVilliaros, Cal.
IFOR eale — One 60-llght electric' bath; cabinet.
I Particulars Electric XVorkg, 227 Ellis st. v
FOR sale — Piano, j music box. j organ, harness
and modern house.'.. 422 Orange st.. Oakland.
FOR sale — Plumber's tools,, grinding stone and
- . barbers' chairs. 953 Howard st. . . .
BARGAINS In flne diamonds .and watches:
easy payments. OARIN. -803 Hayward tldg.
Encyclopedia 'Brltannlca; Scrlbner edition; half
morocco. King's Old Bookstore, 61 McAllister.
GASOLINE engines , bought, sold, '* exchanged,
lepaired. .Eykrs-Corson Co.. 234 Beale st
SAFES ¦ and ' cash registers, new • and lecond-
hand. •: I, FREEMAN. 1329 Market at.
DESKS bought, void ' and t exchanged. T. ¦ D.
MCCARTHY CO., 782 Mission: *el. Bush 467.,
SOME good second-hand gasoline engine*. 1 to
: 12 h. p.. chtgp. E.B. Beck & Co.. 122 Mkt.
SLOT J machines I cheap; I Chlcagoes,' r Twentieth
Centuries. Pucks. BACIGALUPL 033 Market.
i ' DESKS and safes; v see the complete Una at 1316
- Market.. «b. Van Negg. RICHARDSON BRO3.
: SAFES— -Nkw " and second-hand. THE HER-
i V'N'N SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
FEUITVALE ADV'BT'S'M'NTS
FRUITVALK REAL ESTATE.
H. A. PLEITNER, Fruitvale Station, Cal.
$1700 — Very attractive ' cottage of 4 rooms,
hall and high ¦ basement, all floored;
•table and chicken house; fruit treefc,
etc.; corner lot 60x125; all fenced; one
block from car line; excellent oppor-
tunity to secure a good home. •
$1600 — New cottage of 4 rooms and bath, etc.;
-'¦'..' large attic for two more rooms; lot 50x
100; ohicken houses, etc. ; two blocks
from Fruitvale station; this is a bank
sale; a rare snap. - -
$850 — Nice 4-room cottage, barn and chicken-
houses, fruit trees, berry vines, etc. :
let 50x108; ' a nice little home; only
three blocks frcm car line.
$1650 — New modern 4-room cottage; hall, bath,
basement, gas, etc.; lot 33:6x104;
. street work all done; cement walks;
good plumbing and sewerage; fronting
on car line; $150 tlown, balance same
a» rent. ;
$1000 — Extra fine cottage of 5 large rootnu.
hall, bath, electric light, etc. ; lot COx
; 100; fine garden, etc.; one block from
Fruitvale station. •
$1675 — Modern 4-room cottage and bath, large
. . hall, basement ; good sewerage, etc. ;
lot 30xl22:e to alleyway. Its feet in
rear; close to local trains; terms to
suit. \J '
$1700 — one acre of sandy loam; new 4-room
cottage, summer house, barn, chicken
yard and houses; crop of barley and
vegetables on the place; handy to car
line. • .
Twenty-seven acres of fins garden soil, sprlng
wat'ir; suitable for vegetable or chicken
raising; nicely laid out; very accessible
from Fruitvale station, and only two
blocks from electric car line; a good
•Top of peas now en the place; for sale
as a whole cr In sub-dlvlslons, from
two sicri'f up, at $(i50 per acre.
H. A. PLKITNEK, Fruitvale Station. Cal.
NOTICE— If you want to buy a home in Fruit-
vale, let me show j-ou the remaining: unsold
lots in the Deerlnr Tract, or the Fruitvale
and San L." R'd Tract. These tracts are in
the best part of Fruitvale and convenient to
S. V. local trains. To close out these tracts,
I am ottering the remaining unsold lots at
exceptionally low prices and on. easy pay-
ment*. If you wish to build" at once, I will
furnish plans Rnd build to suit you. Get my
price* before buying elsewhere. II. XV.
DAX'IS. real estate, Fruitvale. ave., one
block frcm station.
OAKLANt) ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BB0ADWAY.
OAKLAND KEAI- KMTATJ5.
HOLCOMB. BREED & BANCROFT fine),
1C00 BROADWAY. OAKLAND. CAL.
UNIMPROVED.
$373 — ICxl20; street work complete; cars In
front; elegant eccnic view; first-class
location.
L. T.
$600 — 10x135; street work, rowers, etc., com-
plete; between Telegraph ave. and Grove
et.; juet the surroundings for a nice home.
Santa Fe Tract — 10x130; street work complete;
i $60o to $700.
Latham Terrace — 40x120; street work complete;
j fS75 u;i.
Borland property — X'ery flne; close In; 45-foot
I frontages; ranging from $37 50 to $80;
the only elevated Inside property situated,
Telegraph & Broadway, 2Sth and 2t»th sts.
LINDA VISTA TERRACE— EXCEPTIONAL
HOME* SITES.
I XVhy pay *o much for rent? It Is just as
easy to apply same amount as interest and
principal on your own home. Any of " those
properties on small payment down, balance
i monthly, juat like you pay rent.
$26(X) — New colonial house; 6 rootrs: reception
hall; exceptionally flne dining and living
rooms; 12x22; paneled; g&s and electric
lighting: porcelain bath; open plumbing;
good surroundings; near Telegraph ave.
AN UP-TO-DATE COTTAGE. ,
I $27~>G — Five rooms; reception hall; connecting
'. dining room and parlor: cozy window
; seats; flne mantel, bookcase and china
; closet; gas and electric lighting; open
i plumbing; medicine chest; must be seen
J to appreciate Its good value; cloi>e to Tel-
egraph ave.; lot ."7:0x115; see photo and
lUans at office.
M.A.B.
$30C0^ — New colonial house; S rooms, bath, etc.:
modern: every up-to-date convenience; lot
42x115; good location and surroundings;
near Telegraph ave. and cruss-towu Kt-y
route. ;
$2250 — New 1 "4-story cottage: B rooms and ;
bath; Eunny; close to Telegraph ave. and
Key Route to San Francisco.*
P. A.
HOLCOMB, BREED & BANCROFT (Inc.),
10U0 BROADWAY, OAKLAND, CAL.
S. M. DODGE & SON,
1160 Broadway.
$3foc_
X'ery pretty bungalow: corner bay window:
; elegantly finished throughout; one block from
• tar lino: C very sunny rooms; lot S5xl20; now
and ready, to move into; in choice Linda. X'ista
district.
. Beautiful Building Lots —
XVe are selling lots In the splendid Piedmont
; tract. These lots command magnificent views
of Oakland, San Francisco, the Golden Gate
and fcr miles beyond in each direction.
* This KUbulvlfclon of high-class residence prop- I
erty. with «H street work. Improvements, com-'
I plcted, is the most satisfactory offering made
in Oakland since Linda Vista Terrace.
It win have all tltc beauties of Linda Vista,
besides a hundred others secured by location,
adjacent parks, etc.
Maps, diagrams and full information at
office.
A-l Building Lots — .
Located near Thirtieth and San Pablo; pries
$20 per foot: scliot;!e, churches, street cars;
prices very reasonable; arc sure to Increase;
we arc exclusive agents for these lots.
HERE IS A CHANCK TO GET A 30-FOOT
1.OT FOR $9*0— On North Thirty-third street,
between Grov» and XVest; we are offering 100
fe«t in 30 or 3.':«£ foot lots; there have b?en
many demands for lots these sizes In this lo-
cation, and because of original survey only a •
few are to be had; look at these to-day.
Elegant big lot. with Improvements, 100x220,
overlooking Lake Mr.rrltt; cottage, !) rooms and
bath, could be made into a first-clas3, up-to-
date . nable and moved ' to the rear; Just the
place for a fine home — 100x220 (note size); hsre
can be combined the delights of country and
city life — the luxuries of one without any of
the inconveniences that sometimes go with
the other.
Our for tale llxts contain a large number of
offerings which we have carefully selected and
seturod (sometimes with difficulty) for our
clients.
S. M. DODGE & SON.
1160 Broadway.
TIM above are offered exclusively by our firm.
FOR SALS BY THR REAL ESTATE SK-
CUP, IT Y COMPANY.
$7(tf>0 — Large modern house of 11 r. ; could
eatlly be converted Into flats; Brush St., rear
18th: good Income property: large lot.
$0500 — Two-story house, 10 r.. in flne condi-
tion: large lot. H. front - r plenty of sun; cloae
to local ttatlon; cheap. v
$(5250 — .lust completed; up-to-date In every I
respect; 2-story. 10 r., cemtfnt basement; fine I
elevation and neighborhood; dOHe to car 'line* j
worth f-SOOO. !
$4000 — New. mod>rn 2-slory house of 8 r.z \
shed In the rear; largo lot; cloee to car line;
verv easy terms. •
5.J60O — Good substantial 0-r. house on :12a
et.. near Grove-st. car line; large lot; stable;'
cheap.
$",500— New modern cottage of 0 r. on 37th
St.; rasy walk to Key route; $1000 cash.
S-'ir.t') — Largo «-r. cottage in flne condition;
corner let. 7(fxlOO; this property Is worth WOOD.
$3200 — Piedmont ave.; 2-Mory house, 8 r. :
good barn: clore to Key route.
$31C«— Mortem cottage of !> r. and large attic;
4 r. ran b* finished In attic: cheap.
$27.">O— Berkeley; close to Key route; 2-story,
new. modern: easy terms.
$t:{CO— New 2-story house. Or.; near Tele-
graph and Key route; easy terms.
$2700 — Modern cottage, « r.; U blocks each
way to Arhby »nd Lorln stations.- • .• .
*REAL ESTATE SECURITY CO.>
130 MONTGOMERY ST.
2137 AND 2139 Chestnut st., Oakland; take
Key Route and get off at San Pablo-ave. '
station; new 6-room houses; open porcelain
nickel plumbing; combination gas 1 fixtures;
larxe lota: Minhy; key. next ooor;.one so!;l
to J. C. Davidson, manufacturing Jeweler
and diamond importer. 124 Kearny st. ;.ask
htm about them; a bond and guarantee on
title and ' construction LEiven; - prices low:
terms easy: they are beauties and <llrt cheap
and must be seen to be appreciated. : I
Al*o steo around the corner to 1114 32<1 [
st. and examine, that Swiss chateau; n«w
style of finish .and architecture; key next
door; owner's name on premises./ :-¦
FOR sale — CO shares of the 8. P. Milling Co.
at 310 per share; this company has all the.
• warehouses along the -line of the S. P." Coast
road In the counties of Monterey. San Luis
Oblspo. Santa Barbara and Ventura; -pay*
ROc per share monthly and has done so more
than 12. years: canltal stock 4000 shares-, par
value $100: this will pay C, 45.100. per: cent
net; cut thin ad out. as It appears only this,
time. . XV. E. BARNARD, 473 Tenth Bt..
Oakland. . , |
~ ., .. — -|
$5500 — FINE residence ' and grounds ' in -best
residence . portion, east of Broadway; Alice
st.: 2-story, » rooms;- n snap. By ¦ THE
ALPEN CO.. HIS Broadway, Oakland.
REAL ESTATE~Conntrr — Fop Sale, j
AN attractive and productive place in the j ¦
Santa Crux Mountains. t>t*r XVrizhts. and I
about half «iy between San Jose and Santa I •
Ciui. un the railrcad from t5aa Francisco to .
:.-. •¦•.<! Crwi. ¦ •,./
It iroUuces * trnxll income from fruit and
hat been and can tie mace to produce a good
income trom the takir.s of summer boarders,
this locality being ;.opular with San Francisco
j>eop> rcr fucmw outings Irom. the months of
;.:ay io Octofcer.
[t ccii5iits or three acres la table and wlae !
-. r«,r*s. arul an crch&rd cf assorted fruits, all !
Uarln*.
The hcus* is a cottare cf 11 rooms. larg«
incloeed In glass. All the rooms are
Itrje and either celled In redwood or have bur-
!:¦}> on tUe wails. There aro also two oottaces.
(¦•lie of 4 and one of 2 rooms; a two-story barn,
i hicken tr.d ; :c< i»:i houses, a storeroom and j
tir*« large cellars: good eprint- well; two large
tai-.ks :or ra'n vater. and two cUtcrns. '
lt is ntar a good school, a church, grocery,
b'artrmlth shop, etc. Fre* rural delivery;
_^<s roads and a. magnificent view.
TUE P1UCE ia fOOuo. u r.d tha property la
¦well wcrtb lnvettltratlcn.
The Rotation i« c^pesite the well-known fine
residence ©f Mss. XVrlcht. and It adjoins a '
*urr.mer tescrt known ae "Jeffries." Tlie place '
for «s'» as above i« known as "Bohemia." :
Cut this out. hr it vri'.l appear only ouce. I
XV. E. EARNARr*. 4T6 Tenth St.. Oakland. j
ALFALFA lands, nock ranches, orchards.
»-.ney«r«!*: Inspected bargains; monthly cata-
"jorues sent fre*. C. it. WOOSTER CO W 611
Market st. *
MEXLO; 10 a'«s; half rrloe; account depart-
ure^^
HEAL ESTATE TO EICUASGE.
EXCHANGE^JS*>00; fine ranch in Sonoma Co.. j
in fruit, tn exchange for Oakland or Berkeley j
property. XVM. P. TODD, 1070 Broadway,
Oakland. . !
GOOD house and let in Oakland to exchange !
for country property. P. XV. ANDERSON. '
127 Ean Pablo ave.. Oakland. ;
$20,000 INCOME property ia exchange for im-
proved ranch: bay counties. Box 10S3, Cail.
ALAMEDA ADVERTIS'MEXTS
JlLAHEDA HEAL ESTATE.
ALAMEDA LAND CO
1500 PARK ,5T., ALAMEDA.
POEITIVELT THE GREATEST LISTS OF
BARGAINS EX'ER OFFERED.
liEUAHKABLE VALUES.
EXJ3GANT HOUSES AND LOTS.
EEST CONTRACTS. EASY TERMS.
THE CHOICEST AND MOST MODERN
HOMES FOR EALE BT THE ALAMEDA
LAND CO.
ffE CONTROL THE BEST PROPOSITIONS.
¦«VE SELL AT THE LOWEST FIGURE.
XjOOK OVER THE FOLLOWING LIST— IF I
YOU D0N"T SEE WHAT TOU WANT,
CALL OR WRITE US.
S1S50 buys a S-rooa cotage; large lot: snap.
#1MO buys a &-rootn cottage, lot 25x100; good
value.
t'-' 1 *> buys a 5-rcrn cottage, lot 40x130; cheap.
$2400 buys a S-rootn cottage, good sis* lot;
very modern house.
$24*>0 buys a new 5-rocra cottage; latest im-
provements.
$2500 buys & fine modern 6-rocxn ccttage; let
VrvlM: sarriflced.
$2500 buys a beautiful colonial cottage; lot S3x
I2S; a bargTLln.
$27M> buys a C-room cottage; foreclosed; lot '
'CxlW>; must be »c:d.
$3500 buyo a 7-rccra house; large lot; very de- j
elrtb'.e.
$42f>0 buys an elegant n*w modern 8-rocra ;
house: near trains ans! schocl. •
t\'.'-~ — £>e cur Fpecial bargain in a lovely, ¦
coxniodiout hotcf. 6 rooms and bath.
$l f >.ft>Q — Sacriflcfd; a beautiful 12-rocm houye: '
lot 7r>xlS7; corner Aiameda mvc. and Gran<l I
St.; tnuft l>* sold; tee this beautiful proper- !
ly{ i- :>¦¦'- bargein.
ALAMEDA LAND CO.
15C<» PARK CT.. ALAMEDA.
HERE 1^ A CHANCE FOR EX-ERVBODY.
GREAT BARGAINS. ,
FOR ON EASY TERMS
FOR SO 1UVS.
fSS I>O"A'N. ISA LANCE TO SUIT.
.f_> LOTS
S2:4xI25 TO CoxI76.
FART or SO-CALLED FROMM TRACT. \
TWn B1j<jCKS FKOM SIXTH-ST. STATION*.!
TBSKTX UIXUTES FROM FAN FRAN<'IS<X).
HALF BLOCK FROM LONGFELLOXV
SCHOOL.
1"S\O BLOCKS KROJI CAR LINE.
A HOME FOR EVERTBODT.
Herr If- n hous« that must be seen to be
ar:ir^!*t«^!; lot :>0x2tv7; near Mutick station;
m'yj* > rn l)-rcom houee; large conservatory, flne
srrourd*. fruit trees, stable, chicken-house, etc.,
st a racriftce.
I em now tulldlns sever&l 5-rt>om cottaRes.
V.'il! b^ eold on term*. Come and eee them.
J10C0— 5-recm. 14-stcry cottage; let CoxlOl;
termb.
J1C00— 5-rcors. 1-story cottage; lot C6xlC0;
trrms.
$1400— n-non. 1-story cottage; lot 26x100;
terms.
517S0 — 5-room. 1-rtcry cottage; let 26x125; one-
iverter cash.
$2150 — 7-room, 1-etory cottage; lot 54x150; $500
<*th.
$2150—^5-rocrr.. 1-etcry cottage; lot 40xllS; one-
half cash.
12300 — e-rocrn. l-«tory cottxse; lot 50x150; one- !
halt cash.
$C1CO — 7-room. 1 -story cottage; lot £0x150; one-
Cjuarttr cash.
$l£5r — 9 rooms: extra bargain; lot 50x2C7; fine
location: $1000 down, balance terms.
BUSINESS LOT ON PARK ST.; €0x100; A
EACRIFICE.
TVTO NICE WATETt FRONT COTTAGES
ON CENTRAL AX-E.. NEAR STATION; BAR-
GAINS. LARGE LIST OF REALTY.
FOR EXCHANGE FOR PAN FRANCISCO
HF.AL ESTATE — A MODERN 7-ROOM
HOUSE IN* THE BEET LOCALITY.
APPLY TO A. R. DENKE. 1400 WEBSTER
ST.. ALAMEDA.
A FE*V GOOD BUYS FROM HAMMOND A
• HAMMOND, THE LEADING AND RE-
LIABLE REAL ESTATE BROKERS OF
ALAMEDA, CALL ON US AND BE CON-
X1NCED.
$1200— Buys a 4-room cottage, furnished; on
car line: near Hleh et-: lot 50x110.
$1750— A modem 6-room cottage: situated In
b»»Ft locality: near school and statiou; lot
30x10?; « sacrifice; i n vest Ira fe.
$£250— A rare barsain; chance of a lifetime;
two beaotifuU up-to-date modern 6-room
fats on Clinton ave.: bay frontatre; beau-
tiful marine view; cleifant surf .bathing-,
bathhouse?, etc.; this is a rare chance;
don't overlook It.
BUILDING LOTS A SPECIALTY.
HAMM/)N'D & HAMMOND.
14*2 Park «t.
£ale*rran In offi'-* to-day.
Carrlsz« waiting.
$2300 — In course of construction, with'c.ll the
latest r.iclern Improvement*; rcttage 6
room*: high basement; lot SOxl75; In b«-*t
re«l<5eT!t1ai M-~t!on; tt-rms $300 cash, bal-
an«-e in C^onthly payments.
CSSOO— Cottage C rooms and' bath; new lot.
4*xl3.-.: tenr.s $500 ca«h. balance monthly
payment*.
$22tO— 2-story houre. R rocm* . and bath: in
flrtt-clsss rendition ; near Morten -street
«tatlcn; terms $S00 cash, balance £33 per
month.
WM TIUFOUR & CO.,
2320 Santa Clara avenue.
Near Park street. Alameda. '
THREH C-ronm cr-ttsge»: lot .'57x110 *2'^K)
New 5-room cottage; vp to date tZXSt
V-story Jiouse: 5 rooms $2:*t>0
New S-room hou«e; up to date $3000
New R-rnora house M2<O i
Houre of 7 r"om»; lot r/htl50 : $21U0
CHARLES ADAMS * CO..
Bay t=tstior., Alatneda. Phone CT.52.
A--«2fW): I/jT USx114. on Park Ft., with fin*
iT-.tasc of «'• rooais: bratitiful sroumls; *-lth
furr.ttcre T-SOC-O. See It. O. XVILKE, 2tt«/i
lifarny «t. ¦
.\'i:\V <ompl"te cotUge. 5 rcorua. open for In-
- potion :his Tie t k and until sold. 1026 Fair
O;.k* ave.. lUnclr.al Park rtation. Alameda.
HKBKELEY ADVERT'S'M'NT3
BEHKELKV ItEAL ESTATE.^
$r-Vrf»— ELEGANT BUSINESS SITE AT
DW1GHT WAY ANT>. TELEGRAPH AVE.:
M Vr.VTT- RtTNNING BETWEEN 2
FTKEtTS T*.'ITH INCOME BUILDINGS
• KRZNOINU 10 PER CENT: THIS COULD
Hi: DOUBLED BY IMPROVEMENTS.
CHENEY ft BERRY. !
P. O. BLOCK. BERKELEY STATION.
A MURDOCH * CO.. South Berkeley station,
for barcalnc; *e bul'd. buy. sell cr exchasg*.THE SAN -FRANCISGO SUNDAY,: MARCH 20/; 1904.
44
. :^nUSijrKSS; ; 'CHAVcES~Cdntinn"ed.''"i';
A— $13C0-^-CORNER' cigar ' stand on ; Kearny;
rent ;$S5;* lease; a- good business; come. and
v investigate. 'R.,0. WILKE, 26# Kearny st.
Al : BLOCK of land. 300x300, In San' Leandro
;. with ¦ house of -¦ 4 rooms; - Income $400 ¦' per
3. year 'from fruit: will exchange for ; dairy
ranch. , Call R. Gl WILKE. 2U& Kearny st.
A — S2COO— SALOON in wholesale district; ; rent
$60; place . established many years and , good
paylr.g. Call R. G. .WILKE. 26& Kearny at.
A— $1000— CORNER grocery and bar on Larkin
St., doing n ,flne. cash business; value In j
sight; fresh stock; no better location in this
city. See R. Q. WILKE. 2tf% Kearny et. "
A — J20QO7-COFFEE ! saloon and restaurant ' on
waterfront, ; close to Market St.; place estab-
¦ li«hed years - and . well paying; daily receipts
about $C0. Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A— $1100 — SALOON," with i 3 rooms; close to
Kearny and Bush sts; rent $75; lease; place
easily clears $200 per month : nice fixtures,
choicest stock of liquors. AH particulars of
R. G. WILKE. 20-^ Kearny it.-.-"--''.
A — S11CO— DELICATESSEN and dairy produce
store; rent $40; daily receipts $45; place
clearing about $175 per month. R. O.
WILKE. 2tJ% Kearny Bt.' -.: .'
A— $1750— CORNER grocery : and bar ; on
O'Farrell st. ; place kept by present owners
S: years and doing a good paying cash busl-
nei-6; frtsh j stock ;. value In sight. R. G.
WILKE. 20^ Kearny st. ¦ - ;
A— $65O— CORNER bakery, with 4 living
•: rooms; b bout 2 blocks north of Market St.;
will be sacrificed It #old at once: owners .to
leave city; Call It. G. WILKE. 26',j Kearny.
A— IU0OO— CORNER saloon with 5 years' lease;
close to Flood building; this is the choicest
location in this city and a nrst-class paying
business. See R. G. WILKE. 26'^ Kearny st.
A — $ 7C0 — CANDY store and ice cream parlors,
with stationery,- etc., on Dcvlsadero st.; 3
¦" living rooms; a. splendid ! location ¦ and good
business. See R. G. WILKE. 26Vj Kesrny.
A— $3000; COALi hay and grain yard; Cn Geary
st. ;. rent $40; lease; 3 horses,. 6 wagons; busi-
ness estab.- years: Investigate at once; a rare
¦ chance. Call- It. Q. WlLI<E,'2tHi Kearny st.
A — $1CSO:-CDR.' f-aloon with 4 rooms and bath;
' rent $60; lease; a first-class paying place In
choicest location: $l. r >0 per month clear guar-
_anteed. - R. G. WILKE. 2C',j Kearny st.
A— $1200; COFFEE saloon and bakery In
choicest location; rent . $S0; dally, receipts
¦ about, $70; a good business, but sickness of
•-.owner compels him- to retire. Particulars R.
G. WILKE. 2Qifr Kearny . st. . -
A— 5S5O; CORNER cigar stand, close to Mar-
ket and Stockton sts.; rent $76; a splendid
location and rare business chance. See R.
_jOj_WILKE.-. 2C«& Kearny st. ' ., v .
A BAKERY across the bay. with lot 60x100;
house of, 4 rooms, 2 stories; 2 horses, wagon,
. etc. : price $3C0O; not all .cash required: a
pood . business. Call on R. G. WILKE, 26>4
.' Kearny st.' ' : . .-.,.. : , •
$200 — FINE paying office and established com-
. mission business; clearing $100 monthly.
, JOO7V6 Market st., room 1. / ?, .
SUMMER resort; finest climate; big payer;
complete; near city: slekness; Investigate.
1007^ Market st.. room It .
$350— PARTNER wanted In established com-
mission business clearing $150 monthly; will
give bank references; experience* not re-
quired; grand opportunity. 1007',i Market, r.l.
A— 350— PARTNER for old e?tab.' and well
paying office business: ¦ bciia fide proposition.
Particulars, Brookbenk. 917 Market st.
AN exceptional opportunity; old established
commission and brokerage business; whole-
sale district; large lists of chlppers and buy-
ers. Particulars BROOKBANK. 017 Market.
PHYSICIAN can secure fine practice In thriv- !
• Ing San Francisco suburb by buying stock
and fixtures of. dispensary and household fur-
niture; price $400; owner going' to Alaska.
Room 11. ,1170 Market st. , .
FOR SALE — An Iron foundry fully equipped;
small cash payment, balance on easy terms;
a splendid chance for the right parties. Ad- '
dress CD. W.. box 4.104. Call office.
CO KM EK 'grocery and bar with 3 living' rooms
for sale; weU established; rent very low,
$35: place well stocked and will sell cheap;
no SK.»nU; Box 29(!2. Call office. . : <
DON'T work for others; be boss; Hart mall-
order business; we help you; plan ami cata-
logue for stamp.- CENTRAL SUPPLY
COMPANY. Kansas City, Mo.
FOR SALK— Either whole or half Interest in a
gener.i: merchandise store In a good town
in'r.cjthern part of State. Address for par-
ticulars box 4354. Call office. ¦•
HEALTH and $10 to $15 weekly at home; no
¦¦¦¦> canvassing; s done by mall; ' particulars 10c.
Victor Novelty Co., Oakland. Cal., P. O.
box 82S. • . • '. •
DELICATESSEN, dairy, -^produce, etc.; fine.
bii?iur*3 and good location; ftood stock; price
, $1200.1 Atidress box 4283. Call offlce.
BUSINESS man will exchange choice -city
. property, value $2000, for any I paying bual-
¦ ness. Address box 1081, Call offlce. - r .'.
GROCERY for sale— Whole- or half Interest;
•location excellent: -first-class stock; estab-
lished trade. Box 4294, Call offlce.
GROCERIES and bar;- transfer point; near
Ool.i!>n Gate Parkr will tt II for $1300- no
ag.:nie. Box 27C6. Call offlce.
CIOaI: stand for sale on Montgomery Ft., close
¦So M:iiket: In' a good location for • business.
Box 2Ji74. Call office.
CIGAR etand and room for billiard parlor:
only parties with means need ' apply. Call
521 Market st.
LOOK ! — Rent only-Jfl: fruit and vegetable
store, branch bakery, furnished living rooms;
$120 to-day. • 90 Harriet -st.
$100 AND services; fine, opportunity for flrst
right party calling Monday. 591 Parrott big.
SMALL restaurant ;'.very cheap; cheap rent; In
bey t' locality: cause old age. 774 Howard st.
¦CIGAR store and laundry office; good estab-
lished business. -Box- 4313, Call offlce. ¦'
CUVAR stand: A No 1 location; rent reason-
able: price $1300; large stock. Box 425S. Call.
CHEWING gum formula for sale; will make
UK) per cent on money. Box 4340, Call office.
HOTEL for sale — San Jose; commercial and
family. Addrcrs, box 4002, Call office.
CIOAU Etand In wholesale district : for sale.
i;ex '4301. Call office. • , ....-* ..- -
WANTED — A delicacy ;store; one well-estab-
lished • state , price asked. Box. 4C02. Call. J
GOOD- Faloon and boarding-house;. 22 beds;
near water front; $750. Box 4488. Call.
RESTAURANT all furnished to let. 1220
• Point Lobes ave . \ . . .
DELICATESSEN store, with home cocking: 25
• steady, boarders; large dining and- 2 living
rooms; rent $20. Call at 410 Ninth st.
FOR sale — Corner : saloon; wholesale district;
flrst -clans location., Inquire HILBERT MER-
, CANT1LE CO., 213 Market St.
Al INVESTMENT, with or without services;
corporation now doing business; • large divi-
dends assured. Box 4362. Call offlce. : : .
?475— BRANCH bakery, delicatessen, t notion
... store; north Market; living rooms. 783% Mkt.
SALOON— Corner; J3000: best- business street
In city:' near Market: st. Box 4419. Call. ,
$250— BRANCH bakery and restaurant: $23;
,. water free.* : 414 Jones st.u "..."¦••¦ • : • ¦ ¦
A WEEK'S news for B cents— The Weekly Call.
& 16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
••,.'.'..••% '-,••-¦,^9 T y^ a^^y^-^ T ' ir\ .-,¦,-,::'
COTTAGE : of 5 rooms, j bath,' basement,; yard ;
sunny. SE. cor. Clement 'St.- and Second ave.
TEHAMA, 11, nr. Flrst-^Cottas*. ' 5 'rooms,
newly fitted" up; business location; • cheap.- •
- COTT AG 13 S
A NICELY ; furnished cottage, 4 8 rooms-, for
sale, cheap; rent of cottage reasonable. : 1129
. Clay st. '...'-.*/.:--,¦¦:¦¦'-. ,' : ' ¦
COTTAGES .WANTED.
WANTED to rent— Furnished or unfurnished
. cottage * 4 rooms ; plenty ground - for -. chicken
raising; within county; Etate particulars; near
car llue. SAMUEL, 4C7 ' O'Farrell st. .', ---__-
[WANTED — Cottage; 6 sunny rms.:- bath: large
' :•¦¦¦¦ yard ; furn. . or j unfurn.- Box 4, 534^4 Cal. at.
_ : CUBES BTJPTtnKS. .
CLARK-GAUDIN Truss Co.. 102 Phelan bldg.
Specialists' in truss fitting.'-" Difficult cases
.'¦solicited. :' Satisfaction ¦ guaranteed. . L '-* •-;- -• -';¦'
WHO?— Hunter. 120«~Market st.; $100; rupture
cure for $10;; circular explains; 'send 'for. one.'
¦ ¦'. ;^DEXTISTS^v-' ¦¦
DR. LUDLUM HILL^ iV^Market. nr Eleventh
/• — No charge for. extracting when plates are
-, . made; old j plates made over : : like new; teeth
, .from $8 per. set; extracting. 50c; gas given. ••¦ ¦
A NEW- plate— The . Whalebone— cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs{, crown, $3 50; fillings, SOc:
: plates. $9; full, set; all' work 'painless and
„{_• warranted. y Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentlst t r.l4.1st
¦ \ floor. Phelan: bid..' 80« Market, cor. O'FarrelL -
DR. : H.': G.'* YOUNG— Bridges ' and teeth* with-
V out plates specialty.^ lS41'Polk st. ¦-.., "t:
GOLD " fillings 75c : silver, ¦ 35e : crowns, $2; no
r pain; open Sundays." Dr.O.B.Hbwltt,20t Sutter.
PARIS Dental Parlors,- 235 Kearny, : cor.' Bush—
: Set teeth; $1 SO up; crowns, $2 up; fillings, 25c.
MARION GRIFFIN.
408 Hearst building, over Examlnsr entrance.
Modern business methods in fine front offices.
Phone Black 3607. or take elevator to 4th flcor.
Up-to-date title abstract free wltn every, sale.
We do business strictly according to law.
.STOP AND THINK — — —
Before buying; call on my only agent. MA-
RION! GRIFFIN, and he will tell you all
. about my 40-room house; every room large
and light; low rent; lease for three years or
- more: price at bedrock; part cash; will.net
over ?l«0 profit per month.
24 LARGE sunny rooms 4 blocks north of
Market st. ; well furnished and all occupied
by permanent roomers; nets ?02 per month,
as rent 'Is only ?3 per room, and price only
?16<>0. Exclusively for sale by MARION
GRIFFIN.
DEPENDABLE houses are in demand; here's
one MARION GRIFFIN has for sale because
the owner has urgent business In Eastern
States; 35 rooms; steady Income $411; rent
$125. ' .
SOUTH of Market money maker: new house;
new furniture; 29 rooms; $1500; rent ?G0;
lease if desired: full of roomers. MARION
.-GRIFFIN, room 400. Examiner bldg. >
I AM out of the city and I want to sell my
house near Nob Hill, 44 rooms, for *200O:
reduced from $3200; only" SltHJO down and
easy terms. See my agent, MARION GRIF-
FIN.
. "A FACT AND A FORTUNE."
We offer a 117-room house for $6500; Jt Is
thoroughly respectable and the profit is about
$400 per month. It is no wonder there is such
a fortune - in such a house, for it is a fact
that the ' population of this city is (and has
been for three years) growing at the rate of
20,000 yearly. Respectfully yours,.
' MARION GRIFFIN.
SPECIAL 20.
20 rooms on Golden Gate ave.; house built
one year ago; elegantly furnished in mahogany
end cak; fine Brussels carpets: Income $111
over rent. See MARION GRIFFIN.
SPECIAL 200.
AN ARMY OF PEOPLE
Are charging all over this city buying hotels
and rooming-house 8. A detail of able-bodied I
aids de camp KEEPS THE PEOPLE IN LINE
at rooming-house ' headquarters (MARION
GRIFFIN'S office in Examiner bldg). Reader,
hadn't you better march in line? Should you
be lucky enough to get near the head of the
column ark for crders to inspect that camp
of over 1»O rooms, strictly modern. In which
the captain In command clears $1000 per
month.
EXCHANGE. •
Farm, wanted In trade for apartment-house
on corner near Van Ness ave. ; furnishings new
and elegant: cost {296O; will taKe $200O; silk
curtains cost $75 pair; mahogany furniture;
Moquet carpets: large rooms; front and back
y»rds. MARION GRIFFIN, room 400. Hearst
bldg. . "
"A WORD TO WIVES."
MARION GRIFFIN can show you an S-room
flat north of Market st. in which you can
make S30 over your house rent; you need only
*pay S125 down.
NEW ONE 37.
You'll surely be "on velvet" when you walk
on these carpets. The furniture? Why, It's
that ultra fashionable golden oak and blrdseye
maple. The building? It's cn a sunny corner
and the exterior appearance is grand and
majestic. 'Twill not require much money to
put you in possession. Leasehold? It has a
duration of. 5 years. See MARION GRIFFIN.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. IS pages. Bent to any address In tha
United States or Canada one year for $1.
,_. EDUCATIONAL.
AT home in our new quarters, the largest, best
lighted and most delightful place of business
study in the "entire West. New, complete,
extensive departments. Thorough, inspiring
instruction. 75-page catalogue on request.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE. 901-
925 Golden Gate ave. :
AYRES. the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket st.; established 18 years; the school that
secures positions for graduates; just added 25
new typewriters; catalogue free. !
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST, S.
F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches; day
and night sessions; illustrated catalogue free.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, law and medical t-olleges;
- rer. President Jordan or any Stanford-profes-
sor; day and evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
A LARGER and better school than ever; enter
at once If you desire a good position: Gregg
shorthand. Ellis bookkeeping. S. F. Business
College. 1236 Market nt. ' - ¦
STAMMERERS tauzht to talk; no drawl,
singsong or motions. Call or write Natural
Speech Academy, 10"0 East Twenty-eighth
St., I.os Anccl<?s. Cal.
| ENGLISH taught In all Its branches to for-
eigners and others by a competent professor;
reading a specialty; reasonable terms. Ad-
dress S. B., box 4392, Cal!.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. min.. mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide: day, ev. ; e*t. 1804. Van
derNeillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
SOCIAL dances Wed.. Thura.. Sat. and Sun.;
classes Mondays. Fridays. Louise Fester's
School cf Dancing. 155C Market, nr. Larkin.
ATTEND Gallagher-Marsh Business College on
advice of official court reporters and be com-
petent stenographers. lZ^t Market: catalog.
WESTERN Business CoIlegeiOdd Fellows' bid.;
bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing, arlth..
spelling, writing, etc.: day eve. ; $4 mo. eve.
HEALD'S School of Mlnes&Electriclty, 24 Post
• St., S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
HINMAN'S Academy, a thorough school of
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk St..
bet. Pine and California: classes now open.
I PIANIST. German. Leipzig graduate, desires
| pupils; terms tnoJerate^'Academy of Sciences
builclinz, rcom 6. • .
j MRS. M^ARTHA^GRUNDIES WEILER. teach-
er of German, French, Spanish. 1612 Cali-
fornia st.
SPANISH — A practical and progressive meth-
od. RAFAEL SERRANO. 5.;0 California, r.4.
FLUTE, mandolin, guitar lessons; write or
call., PROF. GASTALDI. 1C2«,j Sixth sU
BANJO, mandolin and guitar thoroughly
taught: orchestra practice. 462 Geary st.
KENT Law School: always open: conducted :
by practicing lawyer. 536 Parrott building.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano, $3 per mo.;
mandolin club SI per mo. S2S Halght St.*
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day
PARTINGTON'S, 424 /Pine St.— Night class.
PIANO lessons. 25c half hour. MRS. PECK.
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
SPANlSH.French.etc. Prof.DeFIHppe'sAcademy
of language. 320 Post:estab'ulS71:ablest profs.
SPIRITUALISM.
READ on page 34 of the warning by Ismar,
the wonderful gypsy seeress.
MRS. DR. MARTIN, wonderful spiritual healer
and business medium; readings dally, $1; de-
¦ veloplng class Thursday 8p.HL S02 Eddy st.
MRS. LESTER. 963 Mission; life reader, busi-
ness medium^read. dally; clr. to-night. 10c.
C. \* MILLER, materializing seance to-ntght.
S o'clock, $1. 1C81 Bush; phone Larkin 4133.
EDWARD EARLE. 1052 Ellis, readings dally.
0:30 to 4; seances Sunday and Thursday.
ELISE BBAUN. renowned psychic. My readings
demonstrate my wonderful powers. 836 Bush.
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted clairvoyant anil
slate-writer. 1112 Eddy st. Phone Scott 887.
A MATERIALIZING seance Sunday. 2 and 3
p. m. :as Ellis st: 50c. • -
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
lfi page*. In wrapper, for mailing. SI per year.
¦ - CLAHIVOVANTS.
A GREAT CUT IN PRICES.
Call at once aad save $4.
His termer $5 readings this week .for
SI. SI. *1. SI. $1. $1. $1. $1. $u *l
XO CHARGE NO CHARGS
- Unit »g you obtain the Information for which
You consult him. ¦
(Tou to ba full Judge.)
PAUL DESTINE. ',
The first registered trance clairyorant and
¦ Palmist ev«r ta San Francisco.
Read carefully. •'. . ;¦ An honest proposition.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee
to make no charge If I fall to tell your name,
occupation and what you called for: I prom-
ite trt telt you If husband, wife or sweetheart
1» true or false; tell -whom and when you
will marry. In fact I will tell every hope,
fear, or a mbttion better than - you • can . tell
ycurself; 1 restore lost affection*, reunite ta«
separated, cause happy - marriage, make you
successful In life, curt disease and lost vital-
ity, develop mediums, give advice on mtnei
and buried 'treasures and Insure you succvkj
cr- charge nothing for my services; 10 a. m.
to S p. ta. : Sundays 2 to ti.
¦.'••-. ' 32S— O'Farrell st.— srC
A— MME. REVANNA. formerly 5 Fourth St..
r*ad« life; business advice: names given:
Tradings 50c . one week. . Offices. S33 Howard
st., bet. Fourth and Fifth.
A— Miss M. Wille.' 400 Geary, clairvoyant, crys-
tal icer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tion; names given; special. $1; hours 10 to 3.
CHURCH SERVICES.
FIRST UNITARIAN CHURCH, southwest cor.
Geary tnfl Franklin tts.— Rev. Bradford Lea-
vltt. Minister; ltev. Bradford Leavitt and
Itev. C. Ruese, cuperintendents of Sunday
school. Junior church and SUnday school are
at 10 o'clock. Sunday servico Is at 11 o'clock.
Kev. Bradford Leavitt will preach; subject.
"A Serxncn for Doubtere." Music by quar-
tet, under direction of H. Bretherfck. or-
ganist. All are cordially invited. •
UNITARIAN Church (Second), corner Twen-
tieth and Capp sts. (take Mission or Vaien-
cia-tt. car)— The Rev. Jay William Hudson,
minister; residence, 500 Capp st. The Sun-
day-school meets at 9:45 o'clock. W. C.
Maxwell superintendent. At the morning
•service at 11 o'clock the Rev. Jay William
Hudson will preach; E-ubJect. "Atheism and
Agnosticism." Music by orchestra and choir,
tinder the direction cf Jablsh Clement. Alt
eeau are free. No evening sen-ice.
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, corner Jack-
son and Flllmore sts. — Rev. John Hemp-
hill. D. D.. pastor. Morning service at 11
o'clock. Evening service at 7:30 o'clock.
Rev. John S. Macintosh. D. D.. wlU preach
ax both services.. Sabbath I echool at 9 :'M
a. m.; orchestral music. Christian En-
deavor meeting at 6:15 p. m. Prayer meet-
ing, Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock. All
are cordially Invited,
FIRST PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH. Van Ness
ave. and Sacramento st. — Rev. William Kirk
Guthrte, pastor. Services at 11 a. m. and
7:30 p. m. The pastor will preach at both
services. Sabbath school at 12:30 p. m.
Christian Endeavor. 6:15 and 6:15 p. m.
Wednesday, 6 p. ra., mid-week service. All
are cordially lnx-lted.
FIRST CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH, corner
Post and Mason Us. — Rev. George C. Adams.
U. D.. pastor, will preach at both services.
At 11 a. m.. topic. "The Flood." At 7:45 p.
m.. topic. "•The Communion of the. Body of
Christ." All are cordially invited. '.
THIRD Congregational, 15th et.. near'Mls-
eicn— Rev. William Rader. pastor, will
preach at both services. At 11 a. m., "The
Human Heart of God." At 7:30 p. m., "The
Leavening of the Nation."
PLYMOUTH Congregitional Church, Post et..
near Webster — Uev. I. C. Meserve. D. D-.
pastor. Morning worship at 11; sermon
theme, "Bought With a Price." Evening
wort hip at 7:45; topic of address, "Go and
Do What You Ought." Sunday echool at
6 :'M a. m. Christian Endeavor meeting at
6:45 p. m. Every one is welcome.
CALIFORNLV St. Methodist Church, corner
Broderick and California sts., pastor, Clar-
ence Reed — 11 a. m.. service and sermon;
7:30 p. m., popular concert by Robson's
orchestra. Programme — Overture, "As Tou
Like It" (Tobani); soprano solo, "O, Dry
Those Tears" <Rlegp). Miss Ruby L. Hajt:
selection. "Simple Aven" (Thorne); violin
eolo. "Romance" (D'Ambroslo), Charles E.
Robton: organ offertory. "In Paradlslum"
<Dubol*), J. H. Hallo well; recessional. "Fest
March" (Gruenwald). The pastor's subject,
"The Mountains of the Bible." Everybody
welcome.
SIMPSON Memorial M. E. Church, corner
Hayes and Buchanan sts. — Rev. John Steph-
cns. tlie pastor, will preach at 11 a. m. oa
"The Greatest in the Kingdom," and at 7:30
p. in. on "Be Glad." Sunday school at 12:30
l>. m.. C. B. Perkins superintendent. Ep-
m-orth League at 6:30 p. m.. Dr. R. O.
Moody president, s
CENTRAL M. E. Church, Mission St., between
Sixth and Seventh— The pastor, Dr. George
TV. White will preach at both services to-
dey. Sunday school at 12:45. Rolla V. Watt
sujierintendtnt. The Young People's socletiA
meet at 6:15. At 7:30 tiie evening service
opens with a fine song service by the large
chorus choir. Seats are free.
TRINITY Church. Bush and Gough sts.. Rev.
Frederick W. Clampett. D.D.. rector— Holy
Communion. 7:30 a. m.; Sunday school, U:30
a. m.; morning service, 11 o'clock: evening
service. S o'clock. The rector will preach.
You i»re cordially invited.
FIRST BAPTIST CHURCH. Eddy St., near
Jones'. — Rev. Thomas Baldwin, D. D. . Ser-
mon at 11 a. m. and 7:00 p. m. Bible school.
12:30 p. m. Christian Endeavor service at
6:30 p. m. Prayer meeting Wednesday, 7:45
p. m. "All welcome. Sects free.
FIUST Chur-fh cf Chrirt. Scientist. Central
block. 223 Sutter St.. bet. Kearny and Grant
ave. — Christian Science service at 11 a. m. ;
eubf^.-t <f lesson-ssermon, "Reality." Sunday-
M-nool for children at • the same hour;
Wednesday cveninr meeting at 8 o'clock;
.free Y-eadinr-room. !»0 Kearny St., rooms
5CT-r>10; all are welcome.
THE People's Church — M«K-ts every Sunday
evening in ElkE Hall. 223 Sutter St.. at 8
o'clock. Subject this ¦evening. "Spiritual F1-
ran«-ierirg." Pastor, Mrs. Anna L. Gil-
leFtfie. Reridcncc 1101 O*F_R_U Kt.
A GKEAT union mass meeting for men only
¦will be htld at the Young Men's Christian
Association. Mason and Ellis *t*.. to-day at
3 o'clock. An illustratf-d address will be
given by Rev. Kgerton R. Young, the noted
Indian preacher and missionary. A number
of beautiful dissolving views will be thrown
oa the canvas. Thf Robson orchestra will
play find Miss Hussey and Mrs. Partlngton
will ting. All taats in the hall free to men.
THE Thsosoi.hical Society. Colonel H. S. Ol-
C3U uretident-foundcr. headquarters Acad-
emy of fc>cientt« buildlnr — Public lecture at
S r>- m. by E. P. Jones: subjfet, "Hidden
Meaning? in Christianity," Lotus group at
II a. m. Study dais Thursday. 2:30 p. m.
THE Theoso:>h|fal Bactety, Golden Gate Lodge
— Free v.iilii'jf lectures «very Sunday at S
p." m.. Odd Fellows' buiMlns. Subject to-
nicht, "The Orisr'n of the American In-
dian." I-ibr-nry £u;d reading room open dfajly
2 to 4 ii. in.
JMEETI.fGS StT.\DAY.
PROFESSOR FRED P. EVANS, the famou?
psychic known throughout the occult world
as the king of slate writers: Interviews daily
oa all subjects of interest: business-, social or
spiritual. Offlce 1112 Eddy St., near Octavia:
phone Scott SK7; owing to the great demand
for Prof. Evans" services, appointments
rhould be- so-cured In advance to Insure in-
terviews; wnd stamp for circular.
NOTICE — Meeting to-night at 000 Market st.;
by request: Katie Heusfmanii. the gifted
inspirational k-cturer; spiritual meneares;
free circle- Friday evr-ning, 20c. 1000 Har-
rison et., tel. Mint 097.,
6FmiriTAL~MEi:TING,"iS0. I i Larkin: elevator;
7 :43 ii. m. Mrs. Wermouth. Prof. Wilson.
Pro!. Perkins will riv« test readlnjs.
ALL skeptics invited to witnei«s Mme. Young's
spirit mess-ages to-night, 10c; WO McAllister
St.; Mrs. Seal, lec-turt; come skeptics.
A HOME talk on mental suggestion and the
new thought. Sunday nights at 8 o'clock.
1UTJ Sutur tt. Sittings daily.
MODERN SPIRITUALISM— Fifty-sixth annl-
verFcry. iUeinway Ha!l. 22U gutter St.,
March 27 (Sunday evening).
ATTEND MRS. HARLAND'S circles even-
lng*; to-night, 10c; prophetic readings daily;
I4S Sixth et.
W. G. KEEOAX holds test seances every night
except Sat.; ICc; eit. 10 to 5. 148 Sixth st.
SEER Egyptian Hindoo occult: reads daily: clr-
cle« Wed.. Fri. & Sun., g p. m.. 10c 326A Ellis
Friendship Hall. 335 McAllister— Tests to all.
10c; readings daiiy. Mrs. Meyer and others.
TESTS. 1KJ» Market; 2-S. Wilson: 8. Mrs. Gill-
ingliam, Katie Iluessmann. Dr. Cowan; 10c.
(". WILEim DEAN'S grand materializing se-
ar.ee; full forms; 1C52 Ellib. St.; to-day, 2 p.m
MRS. EBERHARDT~terts~7o-lugh~10c; de-
veloping circle Monday night. 25c; 3253 22d.
MMK. VICARS' spiritual tfFt meeting to-night*
10c: rating* dally. J48 Sixth St.
BAflLXTS grant >st and elate seance to-night.
1CS2 EHi*.
&C.VUAY LK CTCKfiS. ,
2IRS. S. ALLIS KING, teacher of mental poise
for past 20 years in Eastern cities, will talk
in the EcfI Parlor of Golden Gate Hall,
Sunday evening at S o'clock Subject
•'Man Introduced to Himself." Earnest men
ar.d women cordially 'invited.
DR. JOHN A. KEKGAX'S free lecture this
(-venlux. CrylaJ Hall. Pythian Castle, woo
Market tt.; subject, "The First Aid." fol-
l"w<o by views of a tour of the world" free
llckots win te distributed for X-Ray exhibi-
tion at Sanitarium Tuesday evening; rcmem-
W the uuestlon box: special music.
"NOW" lecture. Henry Harrison Brown. Sub-
• jett. "Tbe Place to Hegin." The right place
for those lax-Lin; health, happiness or suc-
>t»s to fotxln will be pointed cut. S p. m
l'Vec with collection. Odd Fellows' building.
O. N. ORLOW— Lecture this (Sunday) evening
In Gulden Gate (main) Hall. 625 Sutter »t.,
At S o'clock, with the subject presenting
"The Science cf Thought Memory."
KxeeUeBt^ musical numbers. Admission .free.
SARAH J. WATKIICsTfroni Chicago College
"Science of Being." wilf lecture In parlor of
Colden Gate Hall, Sunday, 11 a. m. Subject.
"Huw to Develop Concentration." Seats free.
ARTHUR MORROW LEWIS lecture. Odd Fel-
1-)wt* buUdlnr, to-night af 8. "Science vs.
Spiritualism." William. Costlej, will defend
e:>iritualfsm: admiselon 10c.
ARTHUR and LENA MORROW LEWIS will
:octure every Tuesday evening in April al
Turk rt. " tempi* on the socialist classics;
a<*m^*ion free..
SWASII TRIGUNATITA will deliver bis 12th
lisrtun- on "j>«-ret nf So«ft«" to-night. 8 p.
m.; ad. 25c 40 Stelnerst.; Vcdanta Society.
PKOOREisiVE Spiritualists to-night. Odd FeU
lows' building 7th and Market. Mrs. R. S.
LUlle, epeaker.
"INDEPENDENT Symposium" in Franklin
Hall to postponed to next Sunday afternoon.
/ LODGING-HOUSES FOR. SALE.
Al CAMERON & CO.* • ' - Phone South 1050.
v3 • Eddy Bt.,-. cor. Market • and Powell. ¦
Headquarters for ¦ rooming-houses, hotels ; and
-all- kinds of business chances.
' 108- rooms;.: cheap rent; .' new . and. elegantly
furnished; up-to-date apartment-house; has
fine bar; can - be run in conjunction If desired;
rare; chance for right parties;- part cash, bnl-
ance can be paid out of house; other business
Interests demand immediate departure. .
j 128. rooms;' rent only $1 per room; new and
up-to-date: house; all .men; electric .elevator,
lights; long lease; . clears $400 to $500 per
month;- one of the best buys In the city.
-19 rooms; rent only $100; well furnished; lit-
tle apartment-house; -reduced to $1100.
.20 rooms; cheap rent; close In; thoroughly
respectable; all full; clears $100; part cash.
'- 86 rooms;, corner; rent only $500; best down-
town house In city; electric 'elevator; well fur-
nished; : guaranteed to clear $400 to $500 per
month; books open for inspection: everything
in flrst-class shape; on account other business.
30 rooms; "rent only $150; oak and cherry
fur.; fine carpets; close In; fine money-maker.
220 rooms; .new and up-to-date apartment-
house; luxuriously furnished; 5-year contracts
for cheap lighting; grand new building; clear-
ing $400 to $500 per month; obliged to leave
city. ; ¦ , - - • ,
11 rooms; rent $40; close in; oak, cherry fur-
niture: Bruesels cerpets; clears $55 over all
expenses; $400 cash, time; snap; $700.
46 rooms: rent only $65; well located hotel
south of. Market;, fine bar; well stocked; bnck
building; electric lights; everything good con-
dition: part cash, balance time; price $2500:
will exchange this with, good real estate for
large downtown house. *
8-room upper flat;'corner; all sunny rooms;
beautiful little gem of a home; price $750.
126 rooms; fine downtown corner house; pri-
vate baths; beautiful . furniture; 2 entrances:
takes In $30 to: $40 per day transient, besides
regular roomers; will bear investigation.
21 rooms; corner: rent only $S3; oak fur.;
good carpets; housekeeping; all full; clearing
$70' over all expenses; 4 rooms landlady;
price $1000.
• 50 rooms; new; modern apartment-house: 10-
year lease; cheap rent; clearing $250 to $300;
very central; flrst-class proposition.-
71 rooms; elegant, ¦ new, modern building; In
one of the best cities In .Southern California;
electric lights; hot and cold water; everything
up to date; 0-year lease; rent only $200; clear-
ing $250 to $300 per month; owner sick abed.
: 23 j rooms; well furnished: flrst-class tran-
sient house: 2 blocks ofl Market; 6-year lease;
j clearing over $100;. good buy for some one.
1 31 rooms; rent. $110; all light rooms; clear-
Ing over $100 per mo.; regular snap; only $S00
to get In; must leave city at once; price ?1300.
; 128 rooms; cheap rent; long lease: first-
class up-to-date downtown I hotel; well fur-
nished; clearing $500 to $ COO per month; must
sell on account other business; only with us.
ft-room, new; modern flat: 4 months; elegant-
ly furnished; cost over $1800; a bargain; sick-
ness, .
B0 rooms; elegantly furnished: fine location:
close in; new and modern throughout; full and
clearing $250 to $."50 per month; must be sold
to settle an estate: only face of mortgage now
on it asked; chance of a lifetime.
00 rooms; part offices; elegant new building
and furniture; high-class . location: beautiful
halls: ' everything modern: first-class grill In
j conr.ectlon; best proposition ¦ In city; called
I East. ¦ - ' • -
.24, rooms: rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; flee proposition;
£ood lease. ,.-
17 rooms; rent only $70: oak furniture. *Ax-
mlnster carpets; fine location; clears $80; fine
buy. • • . . •
8 rooms: fine upper flat: rent only $30: can
t>.» had by paying $150 down, balance time;
?450.
. 2S roams; oak fur.; vrlvet carpets; rlo«"» in;
ran be run as boarding-house If desired; $1SOO.
162 rooms: most elegantly appointed apart-
ment-hoime In Ran Francisco: beautiful, mod-
ern -huHdlng; fine entrance; cheap rent: clear-
lnr"S400 per month: 5-year lease; part cash,
balance 8 per cent per year.
15 rooms: r»nt $85: well furnished: all new;
SROO down, balance 1!4 per cent; fine buy; only
$1250.
25 rooms: rent only $6O: north Market; nil
full; clear* S1<K) r>»r month: prlrx $1800; will
¦ exchange; for small r chicken ranch. ' •
• lofi ' rooms ;' new. • most ple«antlv acpolpt»<1
fam'.Iv hotel In «*!ty; all full and clearing S100
to *000 per month- books open for inspection;
obliged to leave city. ..--*
_ -T-rooni flat: rent $40r r>ak furniture: good
'carpets; sickness; price $.*M0. »
72 rooms: rent $400; elerant new building;
swell .. famllv hotfil: beautlf'il fumlshlnc«:
clearlnn- $C00 per rptfnth: everv room full: will
ftandtho strictest Investigation; location un-
surpassed.
C. E. HINKLEY..... ...Phone Mint 706
1020 Market st.. opn. Fifth.
J Former patrons my best references. '
Country correspondence promptly answered,
ft rooms; Leavenworth st. : jmap $5(00
12 rooms: Sutter ft.: offer wanted 500
31 rooms: sunny corner; rent $55. .'..... l«O0
S rooms; f>th nnd Howard sts. : rent $30 .".00
10 rooms; N. Market st. : rent $40...... 100
Any houpe sold on monthly payments.
.10 rooms: O'Farrell St.; liquor license.. fi.V>
23 rooms: one floor; rent. only $35...... 1100
."?? rooms: rent $W; profitable 1153
Clear titles, square dealings at Hlnkley's.
11 rooms: pa,rtlv furnished; see this.... 3.V>
-" 20, room*: one floor: lease; rent $40..... *-0
S!> rooms: sunny cor. : lenie; grand buy. tifiOO
R3 rooms; lease: r»nt $115; price only.. 3.VW
14 rooms; rent $".0: clears $2!>. 350
21 rooms: Ellis and Powell; nlck-nn. ... 050
Carriage for customers at HINKLEY'S.
ATTENTION. buyen«— Have you some furni- i
ture: 14 room*: 11 rooms unfur.: newly reno- j
/voted; rent $5O: wat»r fre»: amazingly low;,
price $125. HINKLKY. 1020 Market st.
MITCHELL & CO ....Phone Jrwle 20S1 i
1200-Market St.. opposite Sixth. |
16 rooms; nrat. sunny, two-floor house; rent ,
$40; sell or exchange; price $650.
• G5 rms.: downtown house: steady; transient;
clearing $350 monthly; handsomely furnished.
¦ 26 rms.; choice corner roomins-house; unex-
celled for transient as well as steady roomers.
25 rooms; well-anpolnted housekeeping suites;
landlady mimt sell; make offer.
, . MITCHELL & CO., 120G Market st.
$120O--h6uSE. , 16 rooms and 2 baths, fur-
nished In oak; rent $00.
$3500 — 40 rooms, furnished In oak and wal-
nut: a sna?. , .
$2000 — 22 rooms; good furniture.
¦$700 — e rooms, furnished in oak; rent $40:
clear* $250 per month. •
SCANDINAVIAN REAL ESTATE CO..
504 Kearnv st., room 4.
.-....:¦¦ Phone Black 4458.
100-ROOM corner ' house, first floor offices;
cleam $500 .each month :. payments to suit.
See DECKER, 008 Market St.. cor. Stockton.
34-ROOM house: clears $200 every ¦ month ; re-
:<¦ duced to S3000. j DECKER. 900 Market st.
11-ROOM house; $300 cash, balance payments.
See DECKER.' 008 Market st.
100 ROOMS." [sunny corner, rent $123. ...$4500
•-¦40 rooms, 'south of Market, rent $110.. 2000
40 rooms. Mission warm belt, rent $65. 2250
:* 20 rooms, • summer resort.,- rent $400 yr. 530
. 14 rooms, fine location, 'rent low. ...... 700
Hotels and summer resorts. .
¦ .-, KITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny st."
FOR ' sale : cheap— 10.-; 12 or 22 room lodging-
house; good location. Call 118 Jones st.,
between 1 and 3.- ......
$1200 FOR 18 ; fine rooms; in good business 10-
cality; : rent $75. H. DOYLE, 1023 Market.
22- ROOMS; $800; flrst-class place; in down-
j town center. HARRY. DOYLE. 1023 Market.
FOR •sale— Modern house, 160 rooms new fur-
\ niture.V long ; lease, fine location ; $5000 will
secure this. > Box 4277, Call.
CENTRALLY located (corner house; 54 rooms:
. . nicely, furnished; rent $225; long lease; must
b© sold. WILSON, 400 Taylor st. V
FOR; : SALE— A' lodging-house 30 rooms; new
v and '.well appointed; . centrally located. Box
4001. Call otflce. ;. ; - ,
FOR I SALE— 23 rooms;', lodging- housj ; clears
• $«0 ever expenses; low rent; investigate Box
' 2764;< Call office.: ,:'.¦ - ' .
A— SEE SKIRM'8 BARGAINS before buy-
rlng.- Room 72'St.* Ann's ; bldg., 6 . Eddy st.^
SEKJithlst- bargain; " furnished . house ¦ of • 12
¦rooms /and- bath.' ; 207 Turk.
"A BRANCH of flee of The Call for the reception
; /of advertisements and subscriptions ha*'been
, -opened, at 1008: Market, St.. opposite Fifth
--'¦"' On»n ttntll 11 ti. ¦ m. • ¦ -¦-¦ ' --.•-.;¦: • .
BKESSMAKEHS AND SEAMSTRESSES
Accordlon.1 sunburst and I knife-plaiting; double
stamps on; dress; linings. Stewart's button and
buttonhole factory.' 110 Taylor; tel. Folsom 2121..
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
;-. Patterns, cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt.
CLAIRVOYANTS CoatlaacJ.
PROFESSOR ALBERT C. VICTOR,
The famous
PALMIST AND CLAIRVOYANT.
Special Reduction , for One "Week.
$1— His $5 R«a£lnr for $L
Free Test! , Free Teat! J?r— Testt
A Free Test to All Who Com* Prepared ta
Have a Reading.
Without asking a question he tells yon your
name, your mother's maiden name, tn* name
of the one you love, tells you your ae»and
what you called for. without asking a stogie
question.
THERE IS NO AFFAIR of Importance-
past, present or future— but what Professor
Victor's occult eye can plainly reveal. He win
point out the way that will lead to success in
business, speculations. Investments, love, court-
ship, matrimony, divorce or anything you may
be in troubla about.
Unlike Impostors and pretender*.. Professor
Victor takes no money In advance and posi-
tively refuses to accept any fee If you ar« not
entirely satisfied. All business strictly con-
fidential. Hours from 9 a. m. to 8 p. m. daily
and Sunday. 700 Post St.
"A man with a reputation."— New Torfc World.
CARL ANTONIUS.
Clairvoyant. Trance Medium and Healer.
To Introduce his superior methods. Professor
Antonlus will give readings at the reduced
i price of $1 for one week, and will positively
; make no charge unless you find him superior ta
any palmist, medium or clairvoyant in the city.
Hours from 9 a. m. to 8 p. m. dally and Bun-
day. Permanently located in his own hem*.
4S3 Geary st.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gyp»y. clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
»t.. cor. Turk: private readings daily. 1O a.
b. to 5 p. ra.; readings by mall as satlsfao-
tory as in person; 3 questions answered. $1;
full life, $5; send lock of hair, date of y«*r
of birth; don't send currency; send postofflc*. -
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
THE Original Romany Gypsies — The best Hf»
readers In the city; palmists, dalrroyants.
card readers, trance mediums; we are per-
manently located here, and d» not wish to
be confounded with grafting visitors who
claim connection with us. Vistt us at 233
Geary st. or 145 Powell st.
READ on page 84 of the warning by Ismar.
the wonderful gypsy seeress.
MISS ZEMDAR. young elf ted clalr. and palm.;
has second sight: a wonderful prophetess;
names; 1. 50c; g. $1. 714 Franklin, nr. O.CJ.av.
A— MME. BERNARD reads your life correctly;
advice given on all affair* of life; satisfac-
tion guaranteed: 25c up. 17 3d. next Exam.
Mrs.A.H. Kronenberg. palmst. clairvoyant, card
reader;when others fail try m«:good readings
10c. 721 Franklin. nr.G.G.ave. Tel.Larkin 4207.
A HOME talk on mental suggestion and tha
new thought, Sunday nights at S o'clock.
1009 Sutter Bt. Sittings dally.
A — MME. LUISA. Spanish palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader; 1. 25c. g. SOc. 1206 Market, r. 57.
MME. LOVONIA. clairvoyant, palmist — Read-
ings this week 25c, 48S Jessie st., nr. Sixth.
MME. MARSEAU. card reader: ladles. 25c:
gents. 50c: hours 1 to 9. 120 6th St.. room 15.
; THEO. clairvoyant card reader; ladles 50c.
| gents ?1; hours 11 to 9. Room 16. 765 Mkt.
I MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la. 23c.
' gents 50c. 951 Mission st., nr. 6th; open Sun.
I ,
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader, re-
• moved from 132 to 23V£ 6th; 1. 25c. g. 50c
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city.
¦ 26 Vb Kearny. room 20; ladies. 25c; gents, 60c.
MRS. BAUMANX. the well-known fortune:
teller, is now at 317 Ellis st.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader; slt-
tlngn dally. 41SV, J»«»l» st.. bet. 5th and «th.
! CAIt?ET BEATWG _AXD CLEAXIXG.
! WHEN yon become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 355-357 Tehama st. ; tei. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1800 Har-
rtson St.; Al cleaning; 3c. Tel. Mission 22~>.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beatlnc Worki.
333 Golden Gate ave. : telephone East 128.
I UOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating; mat.
! tresses mad* over. 1432 Howard: tel. Sou ta 216.
ADVANCE Cwpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 334. GEO. WALCOM £ CO.. Props^
! RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
I reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. : let. Mission Mat
j CXOTHCTQ SSSOVATIgQ.
SUITS cleaned and pressed. $1; scouring and
dyeing. Bon March?, 40 Ellis St.. room 14;
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
CE2DIT C&OTSH33.
c7 F.~ADAMS CO.
SPECL\L CREDIT STORE.
I We clothe the whole family from hats to
shoes; everything up to date at cash prices.
Credit for all. 318 Mason st.
EMPLOY3IEXT J3FFICE3.
! georgITaoki. 42i^po»r^rrteir^usiri5i^
Japanese-Chinese employment offlce: fur-
nlshes best help; contracts for farm help, eto.
j A — ORPHEt'M Employment Of nee — Japanese -
I Chinese help. 426 Powell st. Tel. Main 5752.
' SCANDINAVIAN Female Employment Bureau.
i S04 Kearny st.. room 3; phone Black 4458.
I ti , ,
CHINESE Employment Offlce — Best help at
Leon Seung's. 411% O'Farrell: tel. East 428.
FRITZ'S Emp. Office: Japanese and Chinese
help. 415 Stockton st. Tel. Grant 16S.
RELIABLE Japanese- Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5133.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1907. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
E3IPLOYMKXT WANTED— FEMALE.
A SWEDISH cook, young, strong, flrst-clasa
references, wants a " place at $33 a. montb.
For particulars address or phone MISS
PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter St.. near Powell.
A GSRMAN woman wishes work by the day.
See MRS., NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
A VERY competent dressmaker wishes a few
more engagements . at $3 per day; fancy
gowns or street costumes made In 3 days,
equal in style, fit. etc., that establishments
charge $20 for making. Box 1080. Call.
COMPETF.NT stenographer with some knowl-
edge of bookkeeping desires a permanent po-
sition with reasonable salary; experienced in
all general offlce work; references^ Box
4498. > Call.
PROFESSIONAL French cook, by day or oth-
¦exwire; full charse of dinners, receptions,
marketing anywhere: also cooking lessons
given. Box 4413. Call office,
ELDERLY woman would like a few hours'
work dally at light housework or nursing;
terms very reasonable. Call or address MR3.
11.. 762 San Jose ave.
COMPETENT nurse wishes engagements: In-
valids or - confinements; cheerful: painstak-
ing; reference*; moderate terms. MRS.
KING. 017 Geary.
A RELIABLE woman would like washing or
any kind of work by the day. Call or ad-
dress . MRS. L. LEECH. 143 Sixth at..
Brunswick House.
A YOUNG girl would like a position as second
girl or upstairs work and assist with grown
children. CaU at 2417 Clay st. Sunday and
Monday forenoon. ¦ . -
LADY wishes position for general housework:
will do washing and ironing from 8 to 3;
$:; 50 per week. 1 Winter lane, near Mason
and Union sts. *
A YOUNG girl stenographer and typewriter de-
sires ¦ position at offlce worlt. etc. ; salary
about $22 50; best refs. Box 447S. Call office.
A FIKST-CLASS dresa and suit maker would
like a few more engagements by the day;
no objection to suburban towns. Box 42S2.
Call offlo. -
YOL'NG girl wishes situation for upstair*
work: American family -preferred. Please
call Monday at Swiss Dairy. 2213 Flll-
tr.orc st. ¦' _
SWEDISH girl with good references wishes
- housework in small family or car* of chil-
dren: ctty or suburbs. 867 Mission St.. near
i Fifth.
GERMAN second girl, two , years* reference,
wishes situation. See J. F. CROSETT & CO..
324 Sutter st.
EXCP:LLENT stenographer; 6 years* experi-
ence law, 2 commercial; best references;
wants good position. Box 4329, Call office.
EXPERT dressmaker, recently from East, can
guanantee perfect fit and style, desires wor'i
for a few families. 2S-15A Mission St.
WOMAN wlsheo ' laundry work «• and house-
cleaning for Wednesday. Thursday, and Frt-
day; $1 50 per day. Phone Folsom 108.
A 'NEAT .German girl wishes a position as
• cook for small' family. Box 417 i. CaU ofUcs.
MEETING KOTICEfl.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1.' F. and A. -«
M.— The officers and members of the W
above named lodg\are hereby notified /W
to attend tbe funeral of our late • .
brother. HERMANN FRANKLIN MULLER.
in King Solomon's Hall, Masonic Temple, on
MONDAY. March 21. 1904, at 2 o'clock p. m.
Master Masons and friends of ' the deceased
are Invited. By order of the Master.
FRANKLIN II. DAY. Secretary.
CAL. HARBOR No. 15. A. A. . ; ; .
Of M. and P.— Regular ig&t»^^__
meeting MONDAY. March iJgisTraSB^'
21. 1904, S p. m. Business Ig^^fli**^^
of Importance. Every mem- V^^t.'C"?.-
ber is requested to attend.
JOHN- McFARLAND. Captain.
R. N. PIPPEY. Secretary.
MEMBERS of the Caledonian Cltfb v C» v.
are requested to atttnd the funeral^, /*» J/7
• of our late clansman, WILLIAM >^^2*
SHAW, from the Golden Gate Un-
dertaklng Parlors. .2475 Mission st., near
Twenly-flrst, at 1 o'clock TO-DAY (SUN-
DAY). By order ¦ " ¦ .
A. M. MACPHERSON, Chief.
J. H. DUNCAN. Secretary. t
DINNA forget — The thirty-eighth v CFjt.
annual gathering and games of the 3\ CaCw
Caledonian Club will be .held H'^mS?
Shell Mound Park, Berkeley, on
. MONDAY. May 30. . Eplendld programme of
sports and dances.
ALHAMBRA THEATER* TO-NIGHT— Great
mass meeting to' protest against restricting
free speech. Admission free. •
ANNUAL Meeting — Hutchinson Sugar Planta-
tion Company — The regular annual meeting of
tbe stockholders of the HUTCHINSON SUGAR
PLANTATION COMPANY will be held at
the effice of tbe company. No. 327 Market
street (room 4, second floor). In tbe city
and county of San Francisco. State of Cali-
fornia, on TUESDAY, the 22d day of March.
A. D., 1904, at the hour of 11 o'clock a. ra..
for the purpose of electing a Board of Di-
rectors to serve for the ensuing year, and
for the transaction of such other business
e& may properly come before the. meeting.
Transfer bocks will clone on FRIDAY.
March 11, 11)04. at 3 o'clock p. m.
H. W. THOMAS.
Secretary Hutchinson Sugar Plantation Com-
pany. 327 Market street, San Francisco,
California.
Ean Francisco, Cal.. March S. 1904.
ANNUAL meeting — The annual meeting ff tha
stockholders of the WESTERN SUGAR
REFINING COMPANY will be held
at the offlce of the company. No.
327 Market St.. San Francisco, California,
on MONDAY, the 28th day of March; 19Oi. at
the hour of 12 m., for the purpose of 'elect-
ing i beard of directors to serve for the-
ensu.ng year, and the- transaction of such
other business as may come before. the meet-
Ing. Transfer books- will close on Friday.
March 18, 1904, af 12 m. W. H. HANNAM.
Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived application to mine by haudraullc
process from F. M. Conn and S. G. Simpson
in Emigrant Hill placer mining claim, near
Qulncy. Plumas County, Cal.. draining Into
Spanish Creek, which reaches Feather River,
gives notice that meeting will -be held at
room 9fl Flood building. San Francisco. Cal..
Hfurrh 2S. 10O4. wt 1 :3O n. m.
ACBXTS WASTED.
WANTED — Agents, by large transportation
company, to place Issue of Aock for the pur-
pose of increasing its present equipment; this
move made necestary in order to handle enor-
mous, valume new freight and passenger bus-
inesr: the stock of this company pays the
largest annual dividend of any transportation
chares in the United States; exceptional of-
fer iiiad" representative and responsible con- ;
ctret or Individuals everywhere to act as
fircal agents for the sale of stock. Address J
Tabasco Transportation Co.. Title and Trust ¦
building. Chicago.
AGENTS wanted:' either sex; no canvassing; I
no soliciting; no time from your regular oc- '
cupation: no one. will know you are my rep-
resentative; no capital, outfit or experience '
needed; easy, parmanent. honorable and j
profitable work that can be done at home. I
Ad. J. W. KIDD. key 5025. Fort Wayne. Ind. !
WANTED — Agents to sell eplendld article to
housekeepers; alt- want it; one agent made
$100 in ten days in October; only reliable. In- \
dustrlous agents need apply; new article; |
ready seller; ' big commissions. Address
JUBILEE IRON CO.. Omaha. Nebr.. 1503.
CHANCE of a lifetime to one man only In j
each State with a few hundred dollars and '
reference; monopoly of legitimate business; :
enormous profits: highest Indorsements.
HULL. 154 East Twenty-third st.. New York.
CORPORATION, capital $125,000. wants agents :
throughout the coast; big commission; splen-
did s<tller; gold bond, will mature in 70
weeks; not a diamond company. U. S. Bond
Corporation, S19, Market St.. S. F., Cal.
AGENTS In every ! town where phones are
used: good hustlers can make $30 a week;
cells on slgM: call or send 10c stamps for
sample. Address 1X19 >4 Turk st., or room 34,
421 Market St., San FrancUco. Cal.
BEGIN business for yourjfclf; stop working for
others; we start you in prontable mall-order :
business at your homer immense profits. Full
information for stamp. FRANKLIN-HOW-
ARD CO.. Denver. Colo. ¦ ¦ ¦ , :
AGENTS wanted ' throushout California;, la-
dles or gents; new article; sells to everybody; j
liberal terms: call or write at once.. Room
37. Macdcaough bldg., Oakland, Cal. . - '
WANTED — Agents to- sell new Irma gas lamp:
big seller; burns 10- per cent gas. 9O per cent
air; great money-maker. H. E. FRANKE,
138 Third St.. Milwaukee. Wls.
AGENTS— An agency for a proposition that Is
a decided Improvement on building and loan,.
Is worth having. Great Western Improve- ,
ment Company. Parrott building. :
OUR pocket outfif starts you selling natural
diamonds: defy experts; nrop everything: !
write to-day for outfit. CHAPMAN-TOWER
IX).. Oncida, N. Y. "
BIG money selling our stock; Investors guaran-
teed against lo*s by cold bsnd bearing 3 1-3
per cent Interest. Call or write room 231
Parrott bulldlnz.
WANTED — Agents In each county to sell
"Family Memorials"; good profit; steady !
work. CAMPBELL & CO.. 191 A et., El-
gin. III.
MEN and women for city and country agents:
weekly salary, expenses or commis.: steady
employment. 122S McAllister St.. 9-11 a. m.
MEN end women to represent us In each
county. Particulars, address Reliance Cora-
merclal Co.. P. O. box 631. Oakland. Cal.
FIRST-CLASS proposition to well-acquainted.
enerretic agents of both sexes. Apply 8 to
10 a. m.. 720 Emma Spreckels building.
AGENCIES for every city of the Union for the
Marquis Hair Tonic Co.; liberal terms. 414
Post st.. San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED — Circular distribute™; cash paid;
send stamp. Americen Distributer. Denver.
ADOPTION.
WANTED— For adoption, a healthy girl baby.
MRS. DR. EMILIE FUNKE, 141C Eighth
et., Alameda.
BEAtariFUL boy baby for adoption. Apply
251 Octavia Et. ¦ . - -
HAVING recently acquired through exchange
of property three $40 scholarships in the best
College of Advertising In the United States.
I will «»11 them at 25 per cent discount for
cashr the colleee teaches advertising writ-
ing by correspondence and assists Its grad-
uates to eecure positions; catalogufa fur-
nteh»d on appllcatU-n. Address box 3028. Call.
ATTORXEYS-AT-LAW.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for a small fee.
£ee rr.e and rave money; no pay In advance.
• G. W. HOWE. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
Eftabliehed 22 yr*.; rms. 1. 2. 3. 4 & 5. 1st fl.
1122 Market rt., between Mason and Taylor.
Advice free all matters. Detectives employed.
R. W. KING. Attorney-at-Law. Exam. bldg..
Cth floor, entrance room 011; established 20
years; all cases, general court and office prac-
tice: nc fee in advance or for consultation;
evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3061.
DIVORCE— Costs. $12; quick, quiet; advice i
free; open evenings. 927 Market st.. rm. S6L
1- S. CLARK. «27. Market St.; consultation
free: no fees in advance; open evenings.
AUTOMOBILES. ' ' • . •.;»¦
| A— 1903 MODEL automobile "(French make).
cost $1250. used very little; wiir sell for
1 $500; all in good running order. . Box ! 4302
Call office, .'¦,•'¦- * - ¦ ,
nil C VCI.ES — For Sale or ExchakKc
FOR aale. J40, - Leavitt- & : Bill- bicycle: nearly
new; patent coaster brake; $15. Call 1119A
: Folsom at. . '*;, . -., .. ¦•
FOR rale— Cleveland bicycle, 'tandem; reason-
able. 1716; Fell «t. . .' , ¦ •;. -.;
BOARDING, FOB CHILDREN.
YOUNG man. It yea re, would like a home with
good family. Apply bet. 11 and 1. 1000 Mar-
kct tt, cigar store. '
A GERMAN lady Trill ' board ; 1 or 2 Children;
j a good home. 310, Prospect ave..;'
j WANTED— One or two children , to .'board.
I Associated Charities. 600 Montgomery st.
>^ jgp^x^craraoj^o ary tces^ _
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
Jlty or country. ' Pacific Collection! Co.. 415
Montgomery, rooms 3-10; tel. • Main 6580.
BCSIXESS CHANCES. ; :
A— STRANGERS. ATTENTION I
Art you , looking for a safe and profitable
. business opening in San Francisco? ¦' If «o,
we can off «r you any number requiring , an
investment from $100 to $50,000; every busl-
. ness opportunity that ¦ passes " through our
. offlce . must stand the closest investigation,
and • we can place you in a store, factory,
hotel, mill, office, or. In fact, any business
you may prefer. Kindly call and investigate.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st. :
A— MERCHANTS, ATTENTION !
. Do you wish to enlarge your business, or do
you desire additional capital ? If so, we can
furnish you with an active or silent ¦ partner
who will Invest from $100 to $50,000: we
have a large number of desirable applicants
on our books seeking good business openings.
- GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 'J27 Market St. .
A— . J10O REWARD
Will be paid for legal proof showlnr that
any person ever lost a dollar who invested
any money through our company. ¦ ¦ ¦
GERMANIA INVESTMENT COMPANY,
Incorporated under the laws of California.
Capital stock. $50,000. ¦ ...
»27 Market St.. rooms 321. 322. 323, 324.-
' A GOOD OPENING
For a young man who can invest $500 In a
hlsh-class real estate office and fill position
of cashier; experience not necessary; lnvest-
• ment tecured and $20 weekly guaranteed.
OERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market St.
HOTEL FOR SALE.
i New and modern; 80 rooms; nicely furnished,
complete and ready for occupancy; large din-
ing-room, with 16 tables and imported Vienna
chairs; the best enrpets money can buy
throughout; finest linen, best ellver service;
. 10 years' lease; price $10,000; easy terms.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., »27 Market St.
' A SAFE INVESTMENT.
J100O cash and services • secure interest and
offlce of treasurer in an incorporated realty
and investment company; $150 monthly as-
sured;, highest retcrences given and required,
OEHMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market st.
A^ 2 PER CENT~MONTHLY
On investments of $100 and upward: no "get--
. rich-quick" swindle or gambling scheme, but
a reputable business estab. 3 years in S. F.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market St.
THE BEST INVESTMENT,
i 100 shares of gold stock of tho Norton Bay
Co. $25; will be worth $200 by August.- 1901.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
A — TAILORING AND HABERDASHERY.
A flrst-class tailor or gentleman , familiar
i with gents' . furnishing goods can secure a
i partnership in one of the leading stores in
• San Francisco; about $8000 cash required.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.; 927 Market st.
A— BARBER SHOP.
For sale, 4-chalr shop: centrally located and
cood, . established trade: sickness of owner
compels sacrifice of Immediate sale.' ;. ¦
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 1*27 Market St.
A— LIVERY BUSINESS.
Wanted, man with $4000 cash to take interest
In stable established 10 years; $100 monthly.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market Bt.
i A— WHOLESALE WHISKY HOUSE. : j
; Being also importers and distillers and es- ;
tablished in San Francisco thirty years, de-
sire an additional partner with $5000.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 027 Market st.
A— LIGHT MANUFACTURING BUSINESS.
Partner wanted with ?2000 cash in manu-
facture of high-grade gas and electrical fix-
tures and latest improved mantles.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market st.
A — CANDY. CANDY, CANDY.
For sale. . store and factory; wholesale and
retail; situated in the heart of city and es-
tablished about 25 years'^ low rent; long j
lease; price $(K)CO: easy terms.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market st.
A— HARDWARE STORE
For sale: a hleh-class business: long estab-
lished and centrally located : owner desires
to retire; will invoice about $5000. .
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market St. ;
A— FURNITURE BUSINESS!
A business man with from $2000 to $3000 can
secure partnership In established business In
this city and take charge of store.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market St.
A— HEAVY MANUFACTURING BUSINESS
For sale: a complete plant for the sale an - l
manufacture of CARRIAGE and ¦ WAGON
MATERIAL; estab. 15 years; also work and
repair shop; sell at invoice, about $12,000.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market st.
A. CAMERON & CO Phone South 1050
3 Eddy St., cor. Market and Powell. ¦
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
Oyster and chop houses!. $350 to $1000
Candy and Ice cream parlors S20O to $2500
Barber rhops .$500 to ?2500
Cigar stands. $350 to $2000
Groceries and bars..: $500 to $5000
Saloons $300 to $10,000
' Restaurants ". '. $350 to '$20,000
Fruit and vegetable stores. $.Wf> to. $1000
Drutf stores $2000 to $0000
Delicatessen stores. $2.'»0 to S45OO
Wood and coal yards.: .....$250 to .$1000
A FIRST-CLASS opportunity for druggist or
doctor; well-equiDDed drug store: good fix-
tures, counters and showcase; rent only $UO;
business' already .established; with 0 rooms
and: bath In rear; elegantly, furnished
throughout; everything complete for ; house-
keeping of the best fjuallty; price $1800.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.' - ; -
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mines; fine prospect;
located in Cal.; assays $t0 to $70 ton; trade
for r'mg-house or business. Cameron, :t Eddy.
FOR sale — Well located candy store; all equip-
ment for making own candies; established 8
years; clears over $200 per month: will in-'
voice about $1200. CAMERON, 3 Eddy st.
FOR pale — One of the best restaurants in city:
chfap rent; receipts $75 to $100 day: -will
bear. Investigation ; prica ?150O. CAMERON
& CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale, or will trade for small ranch — Fine
hardware' and electrical supply store; well
located: clearlhq $300 per month; first-class
proposition;- will «tand strict Investljatlon;
price *gOOO. CAMKRON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
$1400 — FINE, lmge grocery and bar;near water
front; splendid money-making place for. right
party. See H. DOYLE, 1023 Market, nr. <ith.
BAKERY and complete line of delicacies to be
had for $350; rent $12; fine trade and rare
business chance. H. DOYLE. 1023 Market.
SPLENDID weekly dividends earned on ac-
counts of $25 and upward; positively no min-
ing, oil or stock speculation, but a safe and
sound business proposition; this is the chance
of a lifetime for small Investors to earn a
regular weekly Income with your .principal
¦ tlwayrt at your call; handsome free booklet
aii'l references sent • upon request. BALD-
WIN & CO.. Mall and Express bid.. N. Y.
f
EXCEPTIONAL OPPORTUNITY. -
New manufacturing plant, now doing busi-
ness on a paying basis, wishes to Increase
business. Will sell $20,000 or $30,000 capital
stock at less- than par. Authorized capital
SIOO.COO. Present paid In capital $.">(>, nno.
Don't answer unless you have cash and wUh
to invest if proposition suits you. Box
4430. Call office. , ,
BUY ginseng' certificates;- we Issue ginseng
certificates on our ginseng farm, where we
grow acres of ginseng, the wonderful . money-
maker; profit $50,000 to the acre; absolutely
eafe: crcp is ture: certificates double - In
value yearly: better than gold bonds;' lllus-
traUd book with full particulars free. . F. B.
Mills, Seedsman, box 300. Rose Hill. N. Y.
THE best opportunity In existence for the In-
veFtment of small and 1 large sums of Idle
money where it will produce a larre and
steady monthly revenue, without- risk or
loss:, principal back on. demand. For full
particulars address W. H. LATIMER 41o
Walnut st.. Philadelphia. Pa. . : ,
CORPORATION controlling -business est." 18C5
desires energetic, experienced business man
who can furnish unquestionable references,' to
manage branch of flee ;- salary $2500 -per an-
num. Address Supt.;.box 536, -Madison, --Wls.'
WANTED-t-A partner in a manufacturing bus-
Iness; a 'liquid to kill all kinds of insects,
flies, etc., at small cost; there Is a large field
for the. sale of this article and big profits
. m the: riEht party. ; Box 4343. Call offlce.
IF you have $1000 ¦ to $5000 and desire to se-
cure • not only a safe and legitimate Invest-
ment, which will pay. from 7 to CO per c?nt. '
but if reliable and competent a steady and
. lucrative position, address box 4318, Call;
highest of city references given ,and expected.
WANTED — A partner In saloon business with
$1500: a good thing;, who wants it? run it
youisilf. -Address box 4486, Call office. ¦ ;,
A" PARTY with small capital to take Interest
In -three mining claims In Council District,
Alaska, help j. work • property: ; rich . paying
claims on alt sides: big returns; meet owrier
here. C. C. SMITH. 20 Montgomery, room B.
FOR sale — A" ; large," : well . paying . bakery," ; with
large cake trade and 5 to. 6 barrels of bread;
;-. latest improved wagons and 0 good horses;
only a short distance "from city. Inquire M.
- P. DETELS. 218 California st. ' .'.--. •-.,-
FOR sale — Grocery, and bar; If you wish to se-
- cure a nice little home,' with a fair business
combined ' and • wlah • to * take life • easy; price
$700.. Call at 368 Eleventh St.;
WANTED— A ; competent co-worker and * stock-
holder j In a ¦ close i corporation: .well f estab-
lished and big dividend paying " wine com-
pany. Address W. C. box 520. . Sacramento. '
WANTED— Lady or ¦ gentleman ; partner ' attend
store and help extend outside trade. ' Call or
/address paint store,". 1034* Market! st.";-... ¦.: ,,\ - ,
8250— RESTAURANT: - 8 ; llvine; rooms ; r rent
$14; good reasons for selling.. 602 -, Sixth ; st
ROUTE. on Call. Apply at offlc*. ¦THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SUNDAY; MARCH 20. 11)04.
45
AP-LSTME-TT HOVCTS— Coat-i---.
ST. LOUIS. 1375 Jackson st— -Modern .3-4-5
rooms; also »insle; furnished or unfurnished;
marine view; references. . Phone Eaat USOl
IROQUOIS Apartf-«Tts. 310 ElUs. nr. Leavea-
w.irth: ". :t ami 4 rrop.: open fo- l-*p>ct;r»-.
APARTWEXTil TO LET.
MASON. S_j — New. elegant, tviny apart-
.menu; bath; electric lights; phone: adulta.
(a— the ACDrroj— tng hotel.
THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
115 A.ND 117 EDDY ST.
115 AND 117 EDDY ST.
MOST MODERN AND UP TO DATE HO-
TEL DOWNTOWN; 150 ROOMS; _J SUITS
WITH PRIVATE BATH; ELECTKIC
LIGHTS: STEAM HEATED TliKOCGH-
OUT: TELEPHONE IN EVERY ROOM;
SUITS WITH BATH. It SO to C.' SV PEK
DAY: SINGLE ROOMS. 75c to *1; HOT
WATER PAY AND NIGHT. TELEPHONE.
SOUTH 1041. '
ASHWORTH I1OTEU
SSO Mason St.. bet. Geary and OTarretU
Rocms with or. without nrivate bath.
New addition just completed; entir» bous*
n»wly renovated: nun in rooea- all day.
AURORA, corner Second and Folsom sts. — New
bouse, new furniture; every room oiusid*;
modern and sunny; prices from tl 50 per
week cp; this is the only up-to-dau hcus* la
this vicinity; first-class grill attached,
| A— Bn_"NSWICK House. 148 Sixth it.— Roorei
i Kc to $1 per nlgbr, $1 25 to $3 per week and
' light housekeeping rooms; {pen all night.
AT "The Almontt." 873 Market st, (or No. 1
Fifth •_.)— Rocrr.s. 23c. 30c. $1. $1 50 n!g_t:
$1 50 to $10 w«r_; house open all night.-
ALL newly furnished, beautiful rocms At _•
Waverly rooming house. S41 OTarrelrat.
BURNETT. 1428 Market <old No. 13_4>--- < ur- 1
| nished rooms, suite, single: also onfumlsh-d.
i "~~
! CLEMENTINA. 452*_— Rocms to I-t. .
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Masca— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reucsablt.
CUMMINGS (The). «18 Post. nr. Taylor— Jast
opened; desirably located: sunny, stag!* rooms
¦ cd suites, with private baths, hot and coU
water. steam heat, electric lights, p'non* ••my
rocm; elevator. Phone East 131 « If desired.
DEA'ISADERO. 1317— Sunny furnished roora.
j EDDY. 116. near Mason— Nicely furn. front
', ¦ room or sunny suite: prices reasonable.
FILLMORE. 1722. near Sutter— Furnished
room to let
FOLSOM. 257C — Furnished rcom.
FOR s'.r.gle gentleman. la private hoaj« (_»
other roomers), a large, sunny, famished
room, with bath adjoining; 4 blocks -rent
j park entrance and 3 blocks from paattandla.
Address box 2—4. Call offlce.
FOLSOM. 257C — Furnished room.
FRANKLIN, 421— Nice siinay front room for
gentleman; rent reasonable.
FRANKLIN. 721. nr. Golden Gate ave. — Bunny
furn. front room; all conveniences ; $8-$12.
FREDERICK. 557 — Well furnished rooms; also
housekeeping; splendid Park view and air.
' GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 33o
': to $1 25 night: $1 SO to $S wk.; readlng-roem.
GUERRERO.. 1323 — Large sunny rooms, slug)*
or en suite; reasonable. Phone Church 5530.
j HOWARD, 1312— Furnished room to- let.
| JESSIE. 3ZI — Very sunny bedroom for one per-
; son. furnished new. $1 5O week.
• JESSIE, 359 — Small furnished front rcom for
| gentleman. $5 per month.
JESSIE. 3*3, east of U. 3. Mint— Furnished
front room. $7; 2 gentlemen. $10 per month.
JONES. 618 — Sunny rooms for single men.
KEARNY. 2i;S — Front room; also baclc suits
for housekeeping.
j LAGUNA. 712— Furn'slwd room to let.
I LARKIN. S04 — Sunny single back room tor
gentlcmanr aulet house: $1 5O per month.
! MARKET. 13*4. opp. 7th— Nicely furnished
room* en suite or single, on first floor.
NEAR Twenty-fourth-st. ¦ earhouse — Inquiro
Twenty-sixth and Hampshire sts. ;reasonabie.
PINE. 13CO. cor. Hyde — Large furnished room;
renninjr water: grate; 1 or 2; $V:
' POST. 631 — S'xffny room, suitable for one or
two ladles; $S or $10; conveniences.
I POST. 031 — Sunny room. $C; gentlemen.
POWELL. 509 — Larre sunsy rear room; suit-
able /or one or two men. •
• RINCON ave.. 7. off Second st., bet. Brannan
i and Townsenrl — Nice, clean front furnished
room in German family.
ROYAL House. 124 Ellis— tncand -scent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms per night. 35c to $1 50; week. S3
to $S; month. $9 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms wtth hot and cold water; bats*.
SEVENTH. 249— Furnished rooms to let.
SHOTWELL. 8C0. near Twenty-second, first
Rat — Here is a good one; two bright sunny
newly furnished rooms, ona a lama parlor,
with rrata: modem; very reasonable..
SIXTH ave.. 760 — 3 unfurnished rooms, $10
month ; nice furnished j rooms. $2-$3 week.
SIXTEENTH. 3O3S— Newly furnished room.;
gents only.
STEVENSON. 737%. near Ninth — Nicely fur-
nished rooms cheap.
' SUTTER. 381—2 nicely furnished rooms, suit-
able for offices; also sunny ¦lngl» rooms.
TENTH. 32SH — Furnished room to lat.
• THE RADSTON. 276 Turk st. — Suftej. elegant-
ly fumi-hed. modern and up to dais; fiooda
of sunshine; strictly flrst-dasa.
THE Avalon Apartments, 670 Bush st— fto-
ntshed and unfurnished.
i THE AVOCA. 837A Mission — Furn. rooms by
the day. week or month; prices re*jana.bl_.
TURK. TSO^ — Modern parlor suits: sunny and
nicely- furnished; a quiet hoens for gentleman.
TURK. 1219— Front siegla room; $1 60 week.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Markat— 400
rooms. 33c to $1 night. J I 73 to $5 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), rufininc water In «verr
room; eUvator.r--d.-rootn; fre-boa: baggage.
VALENCIA. 580, bet. 16th and 17t_t. (new
flat) — Three elegantly furnished bay window
rooms, suitable for "doctor or dentist; board
if required: apply on premtsea; r-f. required.
: VAN NESS ave.. 518^ — Elegant front partor-
and adjoining suite for offlc* or club. f
VAX -WINKLE. 207 Jones — Nicely f_i_sbe_f
- rooms. $2: tunny suites. $5 per week: baths.
. WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 to «_,, n«*r Market—
' Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
35c to $1 50 night; $3 to $9, week; elevator:
elec lights: reading-room: free bus: baggac*.
WOLF House. 202 Sixth — Electric light la svery
roo—: 15c to $1 a night: 73c to $3 a .weak:
open all night: convenient to all cars.
' ADVERTI3EMENT9. subscription- rec*tv»d at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sta.
A BRANCH offlce of The- Call for the reception
cf advertisements and subscriptions ha_ been
i opened at 1003 Market st.. spposlt* F_f_»
Open until 11 d. ra.
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
EDGEMKRE HOTEL.. "T-
731 Bush St.. above Powell; teleet flrst-
clasa resldental . hotel; elegantly furnished
; and .table unsurpassed : electric, light: steam
heated and private exchange telephones in
every room; terms reasonable.
I B. DU CARPE. Prop.
¦ OCTAVIA, SW. car. Sacramento, overlooking
Lafayette square — Can accommodate a few
adults with excetler* •oo_3_ and board.
• HOTTL BALTt_tOR_r_
1015 VAX NES3 AVE.. NEAR GE.Utt ST.
SELECT AND FIRST CLASS.
: FBOKE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 700.
EARLCOU-rr.
10H PIXE ST.— A EEAUTTT-- 8— At-.
HOTEL: JUST OPEN-NO: EVERTTHI-TO
XEW.AXP -.LEOAXT. APPLY AT ONC— .
HOTEL HATTO.V.
977 Pine St.. near Tayior; elesastly furnlshe-i
suites, private baths: all modern ccnventraces:
American cr. European plan.
LARGE: room, good bo_rJ: sulUbl» for two: In
| a private family; also-single rooms; re-tson-
. ! able; references. 75W McAllister gt. -.-
HERMANN st.. CCB. bet. F1Hmo»e antf Stein-
er — Furnished ream with ar-t-claw bcar.l
I for respectable yjurs irao. -
HOWARDr_-t'-— Lair e furn'fhed yur.ny rooco.
grate pa- and bath: suitable for on- or
; ! two; 'with cr without board..
I HOWARDTwiA^FI-t -«¦!-« b*-inl with room.
- »lngle cr double. *: :o-»5 w : e_;- Americ--
family: home couklng: home eomf_rts;. pi__s>.
• ______-________-___——- - — -
» p or Additional Cla-sifled AdirerUse-
" I ments Sec P«53 Forty-Six^
HELP WANTED- — M.UE r»».
OPEN TO-DAY.
SUNDAY. 8 TO 12 A. M.
A— MURRAY & READY 634-C3C Clay st.
Phone Main -584*.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
1X> YOU SPEAK
• Italian, ' Uerman. . . Spanish, i
Greek, _ French, .",;':> Swiss? J
¦ Reduced rates. • j
_$3— " I
! Nevada. , Nevada. |
To Nevada State. ' ' ,
8 hoiirs day. Government work, S hours day.
: i'5 teamsters, ship to-nlKht. $2 day.
10 laborers', ship to-night.
Rockmen, driller-. Irrigation ditch.
Nevada State.
Government work.
Ship to-night.
Great
. . Gold. Copper
and Silver Mines.
1- rinsle and double hand drillers, $82 50.
9 machine miners, y.>0.
Cement flnl-her. |
Don't be^stlnsi" wtth your distance. Gel i
closer to Land of Sunshine. i
Where. man can work every Say. Big wages. ]
Arizcna — Arizona. \
Close to Prescott. 010 miles. |
$3 10 —^That's all. ;
5.W laborers. . teamsters, drillers, rockmen. I
etc. •
Center Great Mines.
MILKERS.
26 milkers, all parts ot California, $30, $35,
$40 and found.
. 4 butlermak-rs, $40 and found.
12 farm and ranch hands. $23, $26. $50 fd.
4 milkers, fare paid, north, $35 found.
& choremen, $20. $25.
. WOODCHOPPERS. ETC.
. 125 wnodohoniiers, all over State.
P.Etroak'erB, chakemakere, etc.
2 farm hands, together. Oregon. $30 found.
—LOOK— ,
Boy for city store. $5.
ti boy is, learn trades, $4, $3 and $6 week.
Gardener, flowers and vegetables. $40.
2 young men, little experience painting. $8
to $U week.
Blacksmith and woodworker, city factory,
• $ie week.
• Driver for merchandise store. $50.
i SHIP CALKERS.
2 ship caiken", factory. $2 50 day.
MEN AND WIVES.
3 farmers and ' wives. |W0. $30. $60 found.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
9 ccoks.' different hotels,- ranches, mines,
etc.. $.TO to $03; C waiters, bell, elevator
boys. $15 to $40 found. 4 -
Porters — Disliwr.shers — Roustabouts.
2 laun-rymen. extra good jobs. $15 week.
Butchers, country job, $30. $40, $30 found.
Camp cock, S men. - $30 found; porter, city
hotel, $20 found; baker, institution; fore- j
man. Scraper gang on ranch; 4 -married
farmer?, vineyard, south; second: cook, city
hots), $43 found.
Man and wife, man cook, wife chamber-
maid. $45 found. - . . '.
Farmer, wife, berry ranch. $40 found.
MURRAY & READY,
¦ 034-636 Clay st.
8 HOURS DAY.
STEADY JOBS.
Stickerhand, $4 day.
5 plasterers, $5 day.
0 hodcarriers and mortar mixers, $3 50 day.
• > plumbers. $4 day.
2 tinners, $3 50 day.
2 electricians, $.1 to $3 50 day.
, 25 carpenters, $3 50 day.
10 painters, all round men, $3 50 day.
6 paperhangers, $3 50 day.
1 glazer. $3 50 day.
COUNTRY.
• Driver city whole-ale milk wagon, $40 fd.
Waiter city hot*!, $32 50 found.
2 farmers, vineyard, fare $1 50, $23 found,
liedmaker.
Walter, Eureka, fare paid. $S 75 week.
— LOOK—
Millwright. Philippine Islands. $125 to $150.
MURRAY &. READY.
' -3t-63tf Clay et.
SALESMAN wanted by prominent Importer to
fill vacancy in territory; staple line: personal
Interview if satisfactory. Answer by letter,
stating ' salary expected. Address box 4445,
Call office.
ONE- of the strongest financial institutions of i
the city desires competent man to secure j
savings accounts in Alameda County. State !
qualifications. Box 1CS3, Call office. Oakland, j
WE pay $32 a week and expenses* to men with j
rigit to Introduce poultry compound; year's
contract. Imperial Mfsr. .Co., Dept, 54, Par-
! sons. Kanga?.
WANTED— Experienced sal-sladles, millinery
department. Apnly at -once to Mi-« M.
"Ryan. KAHN BROS... Twelfth end Wash-
.tngtonats., Oakland.
WANTED— Everywhere, hustlers to tack signs.
. distribute circulars, samples, etc.; .no can-
vas'lng-; sood pay. Sun Adv. Bureau. Chicago
W-tNTED — Cashier and credit man in whole-
sale house; give age and reference. Address
box 42C2. Call office. ''
WANTED — Iramediately; . competent mill-
wright for P. I. : must have $500: good wages.
414 Parrott building. .
BOY wanted— Between 15 an I 20 year* old;
-rages $3 a week. Apply FrUdlander Hat
\ Co.. 323 Pine. 5 ' *
WANTED — Men everywhere. «ood pay, to dls- ¦
tribute circulars, adv. matter, tack signs,
etc. National Adv. Bureau, Chicago.
WANTED — A boy to axstst on ranch In ex-
. chance for found. 6403- Telegraph ave.,
Oakland.
A YOUNG man to tend soda water fountain.
Apply to-day. 10 to 1, Blum's Confectionery,
Polk and Sutter sts.'
DETECTIVES everywhere: good salary: no ex-
perience. Intl Detective Agy. Milwaukee. WIs.
YOUNG man wanted. Apply at California Last
Factory. 27 Jetole st.
"WANTED for Anrll — A man with a turnout
• for country travel; good lines. Box 4270, Call.
WANTED — Errand boy Monday morning. A.
: SODEP.BERG. tailor, 307 Bush, room 303.
BOY. 16. - Tierce's Piano Factory, fourteenth,
j Market and Church sts.
Clerk, steno: & typewriter: employment office;
state experience. Rfte. wages. Box 43l9, Call.
WANTED-i-Man tend office and collect: $C0
month: 7300 deposit. 33 Mason, room S.
TOUNG man for llauor store with references.
BROWNSTONE WINE CO., 3_t> Market st,
GARDENER wanted at 8S3 Cole st.
ERRAND boy wanted. 359 Clementina st.
Call. Monday.
YOUNG man to solicit printing. Address Box
• 432© Call office. . - ¦ "
DISHWASHER and lunch waiter wanted at
331 Bty st. L !
WANTED — Porter In saloon. 301 Sixth at. i
WANTED — Bright boy, neat appearance: room
i 61. Delger building. Oakland. - .
WANTED — Non-union lathers. Address,
_LATHER. Dcx 1CS1, Call office, Oakland.
GOVERNMENT positions— More than -15.000
. appointments lest year. Examinations soon.
Thousands appointed were prepared by the
National' Corrrsrondcnce Institute. Washing-
ton. D. C. • Write for "circular J-l. I rfvlng
list of positions, salaries, exammtnations,
rample questions, etc., to our Pacific Coast'
• office. 927 Market st.. San Ffancifco. Cal.
EARN better salary and position; study elec-
tricity, mechanical • engineering, telegrraphy,
by correspondence; thousands successful. T.
A. Edison Indorses Institute; book. "Can I
Become an Electrical Engineer?" free. Elec-
trical En)tln«M.r -Institute. Ne-w York.
I WANTED— A shoemaker that Is r musician for
Interior town; good proposition; cornet or
clarinet" pi »yer preferred. Address B. F.
• NEWUY. Dtxon. Cal.
-WANTED— Thoroughly experienced enam-1
.-ware and household goods department man;
will pay $75 per month to right party; state
- age and- exoerlence. ' Box 4473, Call.
UNCLE SAM wants help; 14.0CO appointments
1»C3; free /exam, paper & catalogue giving
position* and salaries. Dept.C.WesternCorresp.
University. 925 Golden Gate ave.. San Fran.
GOVERNMENT position. — Call , at room 14.
fifth Moor. 305 Larkln st.. for free Information
. as to po*ltlon-.-salarlcB. rge. limits, etc: day
or evenings. .. . ;
A MAN of Indomitable energy and push, a god
talker. ea«r tn make monev F. PERSON.
- 477 and 47* Parrott building.
WANTED— -An organizer for association work.
Apply J. SALOMON. 336 Sixth st.
TnTtEE-CHAIR barber shop, whole or half in-
- terest. for sale.; 137 Third it. . <
WANTED— Thoae -who served In the U.S. Vol-
unteers In the war with Spain and the Philip-
pine rebellion to apply for two months' extra
: pay, which U now due. For particulars, call
• or address F. B. WILSON. 434 Parrott bldg..
San Francisco; open f.^m 0 a. ra. to 9 p. m.
WANTED — Comp»t™t salesman for lubricating
greases and oils; must be experienced; rail
''applications must state age, salary required,
giving - reference-; confidential. Address box
4127, Call offlce.
TWO-chair barber-fhop for sale In ¦ lovely
" coun'ry town;' cood business. Apply M. D..
1713 Stockton H. :••: - X -
PENSION ATTY..- —V HARRIS. 40 Ellis st.t-4
. years'. practice; references from thousands of
.. per-ons for -horn I have secured pensions.
TRY our men's -hoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 .0 pair: foot-form shoes at $250;; we. pay
• express or mall charges. 11 3d St., Exam. bid.
GERMAN: steady: reference: bandy; tend bar.
winehouse: married preferred. .Box 22S1. Call.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st,. near Mar-
ket — 7C0 rooms; 35c night; reading-rooms;
free 'bus and lmc_a-e to and from ferry.
| EMPIiOYMKVT WANTED— MALK.
I SITUATION" wanted by Japanese; wishes po*l-
tion in private family; can milk cow. take
care horse, chore around; very useful: city
cr country. Address box 4453, Call office.
A F-E-.IABLS Japanese college student wants
position »* sciiool boy for private family:
understands cooking; rceaks fine. Address
kbox 4-00. Call office. ________
JAPANESE youth r.ante elevator work In
hotel or any place; have good recomaaenda- |
tiona.. W. ISONO. S2S Stevenson it. I
YOl'NG J«par>"ee wants a pceition to do
hi^ust-work. i27 Dupcnt St. ;
KKATHKH K_\OVATIXU.
BY ne»". heaithful process. Cal. Steam Feather
Co.. "25 Van Ness ave.; tel. Howard 3167.
K1XAXCIAL.
FOR sale — 25 shares (8 per cent preferred,
;i00 each p. v.); reliable. legitimate" local
corporation; wholesale druggUts; splendid;
rafe; cash opportunity. Dox 4412. Call offlc..
FLATS TO LET.
AAA-^HOUSK RENTING DEPARTMENT. "."
All desirable vacant houses and flats are list-
ed in our free renting department: orer 1000
in number; a combined list from all agencies:
let us give you a ilst and help you to find a
place; we never fail; service free.
STERLING FURNITURK CO..
lttrj MARKET ST..
OPPOSITE MCALLISTER.
1 ' ' _____ ' •
! A — HOUSES and Cats to let; an Immense list:
j rcrvice absolutely free; take advantage of
j this department; It will save you time and
I trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 243-259 Geary
it-, on the square.
TO rent — Lower flat on Jones stTj between
Bush and Pine »t». ; 7 rooms and bath; for
j particulars apply to EASTON. ELDRIDGE
j & CO.
J ELEGANT new upper and middle. 9-10 room*;
' sun in every room; panoramic view of city;
I 'Jatwt imiirovements. 928-50 Pierce st.
I FOLi-OM, _S_SA. nr. 23th — A 1 carpets for sale
j and flat to rent; 5 rooms, bath and servant's
¦ room : 525.
NEW u^:»er 5-room Mission flat; tun every
room; latest porcelain plumbing: rent ?17 50.
6 West ave., ohone Scott _OtJO.
LOWER flat. 7 rcoms and bath; latest Im-
provemtuts. "712 Mlseicn st.. between
j Tweniy-:hird and Twenty-fourth.
j ASHBl'RY. 727— 5-robm modern sunny flat;
Ir.rKO bath; 15 min.; Halght-st. cars; healthy.
j ; i
ELEGANT, sunny, cor. flat. _ _torie..l_ rmn.,
2 baths; marine view; $75. Tel. Geary 448.
EUREKA. 304. corner 20th — Elegant modern
sunny tlat, 5 rooms; (22 50.
LAL'RLL ave.. __1, oft Van _S'ess St., bet. Turk
snd Eddy — Four rooms and bath.
{ LARGEST list of houses and flats to let. Call
en LYON & HOAG. 116 Montgomery at.
J LINDEN ave., 506 — Three nice sunny rooms.
: basement; rent $11.
! MODERN new eunny 5-room flat, yard. 1006
: Capp st.. near t'Sth.
PARLOR floor, 5 unfur. room?, bath, laundry;
adults: ?-- 50. R30 Pierce _t., near Oak.
_________
j PIERCE. __33 — Elegant C^roora lower flat.
I PINE. 70G*_, near Powell— Upper flat, 6 rooms
and bath; sun ail day; modern; $-37 CO. r
¦ SEVENTEENTH. 41S_. near Castro-st. cars-^
; Sunny uppe- flat. 7 rooms, bath, basement.
t SOMETHING new; 4 rooms; see it to-day.
ft57 Hayes Ft.
SEE the 4 rooms, bath; at 037 Hayes to-day;
nothing like it in city; moderate rent.
WALLER rnd Carir.ellta. cor., near Scott —
Modern flat. 7 rooms and bath.
—
I $_1>— LOWER flat. 5 rooms and bath; no ehll-
tir*--. Ego Lyon ft., near Grove.
FLATS TO LET — FCRX ISIIED.
I ~-~-~ ** ¦^^- ¦¦¦"-- ----- i .'¦ .¦¦ ¦ ¦ i . i -..I «
' ARTISTIC. • completely furnished 5-room flat,
near CSolilcn Gate Park, on Devisadero st.,
to rer.t tor 4 months; ?75 per monthr refer-
; »n<*» required; no children. Address box
j t.y.s. Call uffi.e.
i PINE 710. n«ar Powell— $125 per month: ele-
panttv furnished house of 7 rooms and bath;
! ail rnrd'rn eonvenlenc «. VON RHEIN REAL
: ESTATE CO.. _i:t California st. . - -
NICELY tu rnish»_V-l»-r_fim flat; beet nf furni-
ture: roon» all rented: must be a>ld im-
medlatelv; no reasonable offer, refused: 722
Eddy st.
I FURNISHED flat. 7 rooms: north at Market:
j carpets new. 7_6 Fourteenth st.
MODERN' fur-ls>.ed 5-room'flat; rent $40. ___2
i Polk st.
1 POLK. 1404— Sunny furnished flat for rent;
! cheap.
1 SUNNY flat of 4 rooms and bath; new; rea-
sonable. 1323 Guerrero; phcne Church .'A30.
I WHOLE or part of nicely furnished sunny Cat;
rent very reasonable. Apply 1104 Halght st.
FLATS FOR SALE — FL'R.MSHED.
! FURNISHED flat 7 rccms. sunny, carpets al-
! nrost n*w. for sale; rent S__ 30; healthy loca-
tion; leaving city. Call from 1O to 4 at
j 312S Hist et., between Mission ami Howard.
• FURNISHED flat <Jf 9 rooms for sale reason-
able in North Beach district; furniture all
n«»arlr new and In first-class condition. Box
_t)S3. Call office.
< BUSHY upper furnished flat, 7 rooms: 4 bay
i windows; corner: all front rooms; $3oQ. 189S
; Fifteenth «t . corner Dolores. • ; ¦
| NEWLY furnished flat of -7 rooms: rent $35;
must be told at once; a snap at $175. 10l_
Golden Gate ave.
I NEW furniture of a mo-ern. sunny flat. B
i r>o-« and bath, completely furnished. 31T7O
j Twentieth St., near Folsom:
I VAX NESS ave., $07— For'sale, cheap, furnl-
ture In 7-room flat; several rooms rented.
I Hours, 10 to 3 Sat and Sun., after 3 wk. da>«.
! BEDDING and furniture of "JV rooms complete
for *ale. $-"50. 319V. Clementina st.
¦ FLAT of 5 rooms for sale, cheap. 484 Va-
lencia. _t.
I TOP. sunny, corner flat. 5 rocms furnished,
j for sale; rent *20.* 55 Webster st.
FIVE rooms; furnished: sunny upper • flat:
rents $2f>. 5flS<4 Guerrero -t.
NEATLY fumt'hed flat; north of Market: clos~
in: mtiBt be pold. Partlcnlars box 4440. Calf.
1 FLATS WAXTED.
i WANTED — A furnished house or flat, with
three or fo_r bedrooms and servants' room
from Augru*t 12 to September 12. Box 42_L
-Call office. . ¦ •
WANTED — By young: couple, from April I.
modern, sunny. well-furnlsh«d flat of 6 or 7
rooms: state price. Box 2J», 1008 Market st.
FL'R.MTURE FOR SALE.
CHEAPEST place to buy furniture, stoves and
household goods of every description; -flats
bought. MIcsIon Anc. House, 429-433 . Valencia.
FURNITURE of a four-room cottage for sale,
$S5: complete for housekeeping. Address
box 4303, Call office.
SOLID oak furniture cheap; 3 rooms. 4 Bond
Et.. near Twelfth and Mission.
KURMTURE WAXTED.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 44(52.
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
HIGHEST prices for furniture and mdse. 1* II
BURP. _uction»cr.l8ia Mkt.;tel. Howard 2750.'
j HELP WAXTED — FEMALE.
A FIRST-CLASS laundress for private family,
*!0; a waitress for small family in San
Rafael. $30; a. nurse for lnrant, f30; two
' waitressc*. came boarding-house, city |20
each; two waitrcsse. for commercial hotel,
country. ?2- each, fare paid; cook that will
do -onie little housework, small American
family In city. $-~: a working housekeeper
for small country, hotel. |25; fifty housework
yiris for city and country. |1*5 and $20. MISS
PLUXKETTS, 4-.'. Sutter st.. near Powell.
4 COOKS, r.o wash, J35; cook for small sani-
tarium, f?A);-b second _lr!s, city and coun-
try, *_.; 4 nur.es, $23. $50 and $35; 8 wait-
re><~e- for both city and country family hotel,
$25 and $30; and more, than 70 . girls for
housework In city and country in nice fam-
ilies at ?_."• and $30. Call early Monday on
J. K. CKOSETT _ CO.. 3.14 Butter st.
A— WANTED, operators on ladies' waists;
good pay. ti-C Mission St., third floor.
A— OPERATORS on ladles' underwear. 630
Mission st.. third floor. .' ...:..;., .':-¦'.¦
A — WANTED, a youn_ lady who understands
sketching for catalogue work; . two ¦ days a
week employment. 650 Mission j St.. • third
floor: apfriy between O and 10 a. m.
A— OPERATORS on ladles' wash j oversklrts.
j 650 Mission sL.. third floor.
YOUNG lady to learn gymnast *nd ring: act to
travel with tent show. • Address box 4088.
' Call office. . *
A — WAITRESS and chambermaid wanted for
email hotel near city. Call 236 27th St.
GIRL wanted; Hfrht housework; sleep. home;
fCasy po-itlcn. sVJ Hayes et. Call Monday. ¦
VOU5TG B.on__n with knowledge if book_*ep-
Sns desire •.w>^jtion a* -SFistar.t In office.
l>ox -J_s'.;, t.-_!l of flee. .
L'XKKRlKNi-KD Kp«n!_h ar.<i Enjrlith *tenox-
ra; h*r: t«keo Spanish «nd Enirlish dicu.tl_n; I
rc:«-renct-. B_x 4_V>. Call office. j
LJ-l _n7 ¦.trncsr.pher typist desires perma- ,
crni t<,6itior: reliable rarties; b;st r«er- j
csccb. Box ____, Call office. <
COMPETENT wf.Tn-n wart» a ro^ition to take
ce.rt ..f vtxmli ch.l-rtn; references if required, i
__l_oi: 4ii_. Call office. |
COSlPimiNT dressmaker wants **wing in I
f«m:Ji. f liy -.h* day: Cr^t-.-Iass work gu.ran- |
tetd. Lox H61, dill Offlc- I
\VORK1NG "hT-usek<y;_-r. ¦nith little fftrl. for j
<rna!i crew of mt-n <>n r_ni h or camp; fa'.ary •
S2_ Box 40111 Call i
. — ; 1
YOUNO lady "_-is!ies nw'.ticn as typewriter; I
_,tile to assist wiili botk. and other office •
«-crk. liox 45U3. Call. _^ i
PROTEST ANT Christian lady desires care cf j
irvalid BT light hou*»work in widower's fam- i
11>. Apply »f- Ninth «t.. Oakland.
COMPETENT woman. Rood cooSi. wants pc»l- !
tion in «m_I! fan-.ily. AdJress bc» 1CS2, Call j
crficr. Oak!ar._. ' j
A VOl'Xil »omar. wants houne cleaning by the
Say: «1 .Vi _n_ carfare. MRS. MAXWELL, i
tO Mc.MliM.r st.
A Wt'MAN w_nt* »o:k by ihs day; washing: j
\ti r.izig : hju?>-i;-ar.ing: II IJ0 per clay. Box
(331. Cr.il p-tte-. I
A WOMAN >vir.ts l!>rht work on a ranch; '
#¦'-'. c'lin ccok; reference*. A£3resa box '
4432. C»l: office.
COMPBTENT rhotcirraphlc printer and opera- ;
tcr dfs'.re* an engagement; reference*. Box i
4:;4l. •„!! o'.ftct.
DKESSHAKESJ experienc»d. uou!d like a few i
rr.ore ensasesiente by the flay: eood cutter
and fitter: terms reasonable. Box 4,V_5. Call. ;
ETHNOGRAPHER. tyoewritJr. employed, de-
cirn< a chance: tome experience; $23 per
:....-: liox 4_T2. Call clfice.
YOL'NG lady wishes portion; office mork. Call
cr _.__re™ iU__ E. HLULEY. 220 Hartford
St:. City. j
VAX" r~Hi"i aa mor.BKing housekeeper; !
country preferred; referrne«s. Box 4434, Call. !
WANT FT'— Position as teanutrcss. Box 4437. I
C_ll clUoe.
POSITION *_nted ty experienced maker. I
Box -Uw, Call.
I-ADJUS". gent*' and clul_ren's washing done
at fcjme. Box 41-1. C*li. j
POSITION as demonstrator by jounx lady.
Box 13-4. Cr-.ll cfhtc
KELlAULfc: wcm_.n war.t- laundrj" to do at |
hun;«-: ot-^n air dry. Address 4271, Call, i
DRESSMAKER. f.r>»r;fnc«J. mants work by '
day: £1 5o. S*»4_ Van Nest ave.
yoMAN wcrk by day. 273 Harriet st.
A YOL'NG woman «ould like some kind of
woi-k i. :e-.v -.ours each day. 525 Fol-om tt.
OOXFCTiaCT sirl wants a situation to do
lijrht eeet-Kd »<jrk; «agM, ftO. Box 4_-5 Call.
WOMAN wants work by the dar washing and
ironing; *1 _<» and carfare. Box 429<J Call.
A LADX t-kes w.-..-:..r.c hcme; open air dry-
Plioiw- Kc Ii I'M I.
DRESSMAKER Retires work by the day,
*-_-">; St s-aranteed; references. S31 Fulton. t
WANTED— I'-sttlon as hou_ekeep«r. Ad£?ei* !
L. R.. l'.OS VaU-neia st.
\\OMAN v._r.ts -crk by the day. Apply 651 i
JtM^ie tt,
V'll'N'i :^>1> _t-gir*_ |ic«ition as bookkeeper or J
mttUamxtli rr-erencos. Box SO. IOCS Slartcet st. \
EXFSBX£diCI-D tfnvrrapher and office lady |
desires >j£:t:-j-; best _f references. U_x '
44::y Caii off---. j
AN txi*rW-nced and partly trained nurse will ;
care 'cr invalid; $._ per moctb. Box 43t£, i
C_1I oiflc*. j
AMERICAN _rs__ca wifhes worklne hcais- I
keeper** pr-siticn cr cock for m»n; neat, good i
cook; city «,r country. MRS. M.. 206 E-dy. •
A L'RESsHAKnE wishes ensagements by the 1
<i_y. 51 T-i. l_:ij Bus^ st.
FKENCU Btrl -rfaJMai work by the day, wash- j
:nc <?r house-f leaning. 13_ 7th ave. south. ;
O1HL winhcs a f>cfcition for general housework '
and w-i.-h's tm have from 1 to 5 in the aft#r- j
DOoa every d_>". I'lease c_!l in the niorr.inc. ;
Zi&j Market -t.
A NEAT. rc?j)ectat)l» tniddie-eged woman de- !
. fires -ork a few hour» daily or assist with '
.--• i- ¦-- .i • -. in >-mall i.i i > ate family. Ad- ;
drc»s _!!__. L.. li5U Kifth sL :
REFINED la_y desires position as housekeeper ;
in mountain, or chantry. box 1077. j
Call olfit-e. Oakland. j
PO:-n ION wfir.te. by train-d nurse In doctor s i
crnce; best of credentials; 10 years' experj- i
eT.ee. Bex 4:;72. Call.
A LADY rl-->i't withes position. Address i
bci 4450. Call office. i
ADVERTISKilENTS. «ub«cr:ption_ r«^?eiv«a at :
Call bra:icli office, ccr. I>un_-in &. Church sts. !
TVANT ad« trd fubscriptions taken for The i
Oil at Eator.'s Hazaar. «33 McAllister et.
EMPLOmCXT WAXTED— MALE.
A KAN nith lengthy experience in Spanith- j
American tr_Oe, thoroughly familiar with all.
mjtiirftnenu. t*rks p-isitmn: «(«aks and ccr- ]
RS|»0O-% in Spanteh. Knglifh and German; is ;
, a g«x>»J »_:fl<-e man, bookkeeper acl corre- '
FpcB-ettt. Bex *..!•. Call offlce.
YOl'NO n;»n from the East desires to jtj on
a randl cr wmi! plantation In Cuba. Hono-
lulu, cr v. ill g to tbe Transvaal in Houth
Ar-.t.a. ta.ari no dttJMt- as all I n-ant to
. mtiat i* •-.;- :.t-r. Box 4497. Call.
KELIABLi:. comoetent younr man, are 27, j
withe* - *>c*Ition en private place; cltjr or
. <-'j_rstr.v; attend garden, etc.; capable hcrse- i
mm and driver; thorocrhly _n_er_tani_- ;
wathmari*- -Uilrn: rtfei»nc*s. Dox 4417, Call. :
MAnniEIJ eocp>. no children.' for private
rUit: city or country; wife sood cook, man
fEmjltar with housework, es well as out-
door work; endtrstan-s horses; can milk;
reference -. Box 4*_i. Otll.
yOL'Nt; —es. 25 yenn old. tr o_!d like position j
tn cigar m>re; can give food reference. Box i
445C. call office.
• - — — -
A TOT.'N'G n-.«n -.ants to work in «— antry on
% r>»>-lt'y <rr fruit raxub; more to learn than i
. v.zzn. Box 443^', Call. ;
TOCXO man wi»h" to work on chicken ranch I
-.Ik-— ¦ h» <x>_li l*«rn all about th» chicken j
busir.»f-: fr»"ff-r rood home to bij wages. I
K. LARELL. 2TX< Unant n.
6ITTAT1ON wanted hy yours man from Chl-
c_*o; :.._:.>! machinist, erecting and >u-
tfenary rngir.rer; would tike to eu to mini:!* '
tov.n Hox 4436. (ill. * j
CITi'ATlON waste* by a Swede as gardener \
and __eful trmn in private family; a year's :
'£> l- X -l r * ftr^ nt *" flom 1 * sl Place. Box i
ASSJ-TEB ani chrmist warts situation: ex-
n-runcwJ. Box fU, Gail office.
_ . . '" ) ;
£ITi:ATIUN ivar.ted to learn a good trade hy !
a youns m«n aar-d 1C: i-ablnet-maVing pre- I
i>rr«J: small wages -tile learning. Add-eis I
br,x «4€5. C«ll orrtce. -*--ress
A RnJABLK and extnrieac*- b_slr.etc-
.ale.niaii w;ll acceot f.raall salary and Ko>jd I
c-m_-.!5f:"n with cooj house. Address Vj_ i
4— .<>. Call o:fl<f.
IiOY artist m-<fh»-# i-witlon in advertising firm I
. or on ne-«*pa_*r or nutzazln*: mm now «t- '
trn -Jng _rt school. I_!_o KHACS 70s V !
I-arkin Et.. t jtv. " I
TOCXC nuin. stenujrrajiher, having over 3 !
roars' practical experience, des're. better i
;• j:ii. ;.: city <>r country; references. Uox '.
4404. <>;; office. I
SALARY no <.bj<rcl: I u!!l --ork Uo cr three
§hr.ur«> *A«-ry morcinsr for room and breakfavt;
sr»nvral cltatJnc. nal-un ur hotel. Uox 4_£J '
_c_ji____*'*- '•-•-- ¦¦
'ACXT-S non-UEion flnet-class larpenter, strtcT-
ly sober. fleKlren employment with property
owner, firm or c-ntractor; reasonable wa^c.. ;
AlUHTIOL'S youns man. Ep-akinjr difT-rer.t i
languages, w^hei' pesition as Hlesma- or
eo:i*<tf>r in mrreantlU liusSncss. Box 4273.
•:»ji orn<*.
NIGHT wcric wjmM by a ycunjr man; cigar
preterr.-d: wlllinj to work tor tmaJ*
w*gt«. Itix 1331. Call office.
\OVSO man BfMMa p.>_it5t>n as salesman for
¦ tnanufacturt-d siKns; c_n do lettering and d«--
-isnms. Cox 4_^n. Call office.
RELIABLE man. 33 years of age, wants work '<
any part of 5 .lay* uer week: no objection
to s-n:_U vajfj. Address loC7^4 Folsom et,
¦BY msn . n«l \»1f^ as caretaker of home dur-
• " ins absence of fam:!y; references. Box 42&5.
Call office.
¦EARKEEPER —ants rositlon: city or chan-
try: can lurr.ifh reference; ase 33. 'Box
4Z3-. (.'ail office.
POSITION want*d as salesman. 2500 Slitter ti.
_E11PLOV3IE\T \V-%-YT_D MA1.B. j
A r.KLIABI.E, sober snd Industrious Ameii- I
«_n wants work: city or country. B. M..
Ik x. 4t<24. Call office.
A STEADY and reliable American want?
work: night or day; oity or country: speaks
j U«-rman. Dox 4UO7. Call icf flee.
j HOTEL la'.tndrj': comi:etent. sober man, posi-
tion to take charge or mark and distribute,
| -*____*_! "?_____! office - ___________
j WANTED — Situation' by young man who thor-
. otig-hly understands driving and -work in prfc
• v--te stable; refs. Address box 4.15. Call.
. .
| BAKER— First class foreman wants work on
¦ brtad and cakes. Bex 4479 Call office.
i BAKKR— Flrtt-c'.ass all 'aruund bread, take
' bak r and conf'C.joner; country preferred.
BURTON. VJ2 Seventh *t.
! YOUNG min, 20. would like position a* driver
and sale*--*!:: hustler; U?st reference. Box
| —49. Call office.
i MECHANICAL draughtsman r.ould like tem-
porary titu_tlcn for five or sis taonths. Uox
J 4_«A Cull efficr.
j JOJJ _rint«-r, first-v-lasi, union man. 6 years'
J ex;«ri€n<.-<r. n'.shes steady position. Addrfte
! box 4421. Call office.
! A LTTNCH waiter wants a nteady place u
wcrk dinners. W. K. BROWN, box 4m,
Call otflce.
' YOUNO colored man wants work of any kind;
I horses cr cattle preferred; city preferable;
be«t reference*. Bex 44S4. Call.
i AN exnerlenced Janltcr wants a position; ref- J
erenres. Box 4441. Call ofHce. jv !
: STEADY min desires employment evenings.
Box 44C0. C*il office.
! MAN wtshe* roslUon to clean up In the morn-
; Ing. Cox 44S7. Call Office.
BOY w»nts to da general work around house.
Box 447U. Call Office.
I BOY of 1< wants place in tinshop. Box 4477,
Call office. j
POSITION d?»tred in wholesale house; a_e 15. I
19CS Alameda ave.. Alameda. / i
¦ » — — ¦ '
! BOOKKEEPEH. employed daytime. coull I
rpare a couple of hours evenlr.c- Box 41~-,
! Call oiflcs. •
I COMEDIAN wishes riJuation with traveling |
company. Box 44C3. Call.
I STRONG boy wants pciit'on in butcher shop.
Box 4402. CalL
! WANTED — Situation as collector. Box 4454,
Call office. j
' CASHIER, restaursnt. or night clerk: lodging I
ho_s^, v.ants employment. Box 4404, Call.
'> WANTED — Set of bcoks to keep evenings. W.
GRAHAM, :!246 Nineteenth st.
: A LICENSED engineer end machinist wants
position: city references. Box 4359, Call.
BOY 15 years old wants to learn watch-
makers' trade. Box 4492. Call office.
I EOT would like to work in store or drive j
wagon; age 17. Box 4WC. Call office. i
COOK Tvt«hee situation In saloon or lunch •
house. AL NAUDE. 1525 Powell «t. j
A DYER would like a situation at same. Box !
43-'i4. Call office.
A STRONG, fober. reliable youns man wants |
a position of any kind. Box 4;&2, Call.
; — — i j
; WANTED — A position as a collector; best of j
references. Box 4591, Call office. •
; WANTED — Position by physician and surgeon; ]
good references. Address box 4327. Call.
; WANTED — A iaosMon as collector; best ref- j
I erences. Eox 4-til, Call office. j
' SITUATION as cook; reference. J. WILSON, i
i 515 Eddy st. . !
i UPHOLSTERER wants position; good refer-
ences. Box 4279, Call office.
'. EOILERMAKER; experienced in pipe and wa-
ter tube type. Box 4234. Call office.
I __________ _____________ .
: WANTED — A oo^itlon In laundry as Ironer. j
! Call at 24O»<_ Sixth Et.
j ____________ ¦ I
J MAN wants wcrk by the day. 37 Oak Grove !
avenae. ; j
'• WANTED— Position as bookkeeper. Box 42S3, {
! Call office.
' A TOUNG. rtrlctly sober man -wants work any !
kind; reference*. Box 434S, Call office. ,
¦' WANTED — Work es porter. GEORGE FAR- ;
GO, H37 Kentucky st. , ;
YOUNG man. experienced plumber, wants sit- 1
uaticn. Aadress box 426S, Call office. j
; MALE attendant for institution or private;, ac-
customed- to housework. Box 44S3. Call.
; WANTED — Situation -a* coachman by aa ex-
perienced man. Box 4_S7, Call office.
; WANTED — Position as night watchman, j
THOMAS. "1© Leavenworth rt.
j COOK'S afaUtant, French, wants situaticn; j
j references. Box 4317, Call office. ,
j CARPENTER, non-union, with tool?, wants j
woric of any kind. Box 4311, Call. ',
i WAITER wants a situation In city, speaks i
i Trench. Box 421)3 Call office. j
! CARPENTER wants work. 4212 Ninsteenth.
] CARPENTER wants work. Address A. O. >
I UAHMER, 3C2 Minr.a Et. :
; ¦ 1
j MAN wants wcrk by tbe day. 30 Oak Grove j
I avenue. ;
' WANTED — Position as collector. Box 28, 100$ j
Market i^ I
; TINSMITH wants Job;. good worker. 4 Lang-
UnjM. •
i BARKEEPER wants situation. Box 4000. Call. !
: POSITION as errand boy. Address P. M.. 1090
; Valencia at. '¦
___
MASSEUR or bath-rublxr. age 22. of rood
1 appearance, best of reference, wants a posi-
tion. Address YOKEL. 214 Third st.
} YOL'NG French couple, of good education, de-
sire employment: prtvate family; wife to uc i
housework or oooklns, husband to care fur ¦
horses, drive and general work. FELIX
GRIMAUD. G33 Broadway. |
; RELIABLE bo._tk«»eper »nd collector, good pen- j
man. desires pcsitlon In an establishment j
where faithful ser\ice would be appreciated; ;
at present engaged; best cf reference.. Box I
44C«. Call office. i
I YC'UNG man. honest, sober and Industrious, j
wishes position of any kind. JOHN HUME, '
547 Hayes st.
MAN and wife want work on ranch; wife cook
and housework, man understands all kind.
of work: bert of references. Uox 44»*O, Call. |
'BOY -ants position as mes^encer in whole-!
; cale hou*«; bright and active. Uox 4440. Caal.
' TEMPERANCE bartender wishes position;
city or country. Box 4453. Call.
j WANTED — Position as blacksmith; will work
on shares- 10 years' experience In a country
g?l-p. Box 4457, Call.
J BOY wishes posltle-n In electrical works. 264»
Folsom st. ' : '." —
: WANTED— Pofltlcn as compositor on country
! paper. Box 4451, Call office.
I RELIABLE, competent young; man, thoroughly
underetau_s care of borse->and duties per-
taraJng to footman's and coachman's pcei-
tiens wishes situation on private place, city
or country. A. M. BARRETT, northwest
! corner Waehington and East Ms.
I ENGLISHMAN. 12 years in Central America;
good bookkeeper, thorough knowledge Span-
ish, also French: detlres- position with manu-
facturing or exporting firm with a view to'
i eventually represeatinc them-" In Europe.
; Bex 4C55. Call. - *
I RELIABLE, competent young man, ace 27.
wl?hf_ _ pesitionon private place; city or
country; attend garden. He; capable horse- |
man and driver; thoroughly under_tand- 1
l ' atf! "'" n '' guttrn; references. Dox 4417. Call.
.' A GARDENER desires a position: thoroughly I
• competent in all lines of horticulture under
! glass and outside; 6 years in last place; well
recommended. Box 444%. CalL
i ATTORNEY, who Is also experienced office
| nan. bookkeeper, correspondent, .business
t manager, etc.. will accept position with cor-
| poration. real estate concern. Box 4527, Call.
AN exj>»rienced and acenrate operator on
Burroughs adding machine desires position.
Box 4447. Call.
CLERK— Wine, liquor and groceries, window
«lreastr and card writer, deflres position;
! btst of references. Address box 4448. CalL
J BARBER— Flirt -class from New York wants
- tir*t-cla*« position. Address ¦ Barber, -box
«4U_.. Ckll offlc*.
YOUNG man of 33. German, wishes place as
houseman In first-class hotel or private
hous» : _x-er1enced., llox AiZ\. Call office.
BAKER— First-clats all-round man wUhrs
situation in ' the country. -Box 4142. Call.
JAPANESE wants Mtaatlon to rH any kind of
; work by the half day. ' Y. S.. 2012 Polk st.
I ' .. '
JAPANESE, strcne man. wants a ncsitlcn' to i
do cookln* and general housawork; $7 week. '
G. A.. 13C3>. ,Ca*tro eV .
A YOUNG ' Japanese boy wishes position as
schoolboy. FUHU. 35 William st.
JAPANESE younc boy wants a situation as
»choelboy In small family; west from • Polk,
between Poet and Paciflc. Address TAKI,
ISO- Fillmcre st.; telephone Scott 1703.
Y6UNG, 1 meo, caUoni, • blacksmiths. " carpenters^
Eree.i hands, for -hips. Herman's. 27 Steuart.
SAILORS aiid gr#en hands for Furope and
steam whalers. LANE'S. -04 Davis si.
Pension Atty.. E..A. Bullls. r. 40. Phelan bldg.
| Pn*t Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A, It.
j WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
I that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, has
I added\lCO new rcoms to the Denver House.
217 Third «t.: 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
, MAN to do janitor work for 'tuition in S. F.
Barber School. 741 Howard St. = _
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscription* has been
opened at 1CCS Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until It p. m. ¦ ~ •
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office. cor.Duncan and Church sts.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. S63 Mission St.. bet. 1st fend - J sts.
GET. your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 5oc. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
j HOnSES AXD AVAGOXS.
| REGULAR auction sales cf horses, buggies.
I wagons and harness every Monday at II
' o'clock at 615 Ellis at.; all borses guaranteed
to - be as represented. S. WATKINS. Auc-
j tionrer. Phcne East 743.
AUCTION tale of horses every Wednesday at
11 a. m.. .'-i-7 Sixth st. ; every horse must be
as represented or money refunded. JOHN J.
DOYLE. Auctioneer. « ' j
$73 — BAT mare; good driver; also good under j
saddle: must be sold at once. Apply to L. I
J. MORAN. 2131 Shattuck ave.. opposite
Berkeley station. . • S^, -¦
SAN FRANCISCO Veterinary College— Next
session begins June & Catalogs by applying to
DR. E. J. CREELEY; S10 Gotdjp Gate ave.
WANTED — A. good gentle driving .horse; must
be sound and afraid of nothing. 1420 Silver [
ave., near San Bruno road. j
FOR SALE— A mare C years old: good driver
and gentle. Box 27C6, Call office.
SO HEAD young stock, 7 to 14 months old.
Apply J. LEIPSIC. 1421 Buchanan st,
FOR sale— A 5-year-old Jack. Inquire at S55
Minna st.
3 HORSES, wagon, bugjry. cart and harness
for sale, cheap. 2723 Bryant St.
HORSE 6 years oM for sale. Box 20-1. Call.
office. . __ I
FOR sale — One second-band wagon, cheap. !
843 Howard et. ;
! FINE black saddle horse for sale; slnglefootcr.
Box 4133. Call. »
WANTED— A horse for driving; state price,
etc. Box 2075, Call office. :
¦WANTED — A good, sound work horse about
1200 pcunds. Bex 23G3. Call office. j
CAMPING house wagon; great for theatrical
parties. Owner at 640 Howard st.
HORSE, harness, business buggy; a bargain.
Address A. F. E.. room 207. Crocker bldg.
AUCTION every Tuesday. 11 a. m.. cf horses.
wagons and harness, at 1140 Folsom st.
AI EXPRESS wagen. light camping wagon
and go-cart for sale, cheap. 532 Mission st.
Largest assortmt 2d-hand wagons, buckbd. sur- j
rey.harness,work.driving horsea. 15th-Valencia. j
UOUSES TO LET.
A PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H.UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery.
TO rent— 1C-.3 Fell; beautiful O^oom house [
with bath; standing alone; rooms all brUht
and sunny; fronting into the Panhandle:
' call and Investigate. EASTON, ELDRIDGE |
& CO. ' -. .' >¦ j
HOUSE of 6 rooms; improved; lot 53x225; near i
car line. ROSS. Lincoln ave.. near Hopkias
at.. Diamond.
I MCALLISTER. 'I-Cft — 12 rooms. ba« and bll-
• liard-room; $00: water free; modern.
: SEE Renting Department M.- Friedman &. Co..
I 237 Post et.. for nice flats and houses.
! BEFORE moving get our printed Ii?t of houses
to let. BALDWIN A HOWELL. 25 Post st. j
HOtSKS TO LET Kl'UMSIlED.
A — 10 LARGE rooms, piano, bath, basement, j
heater, laundry, large garden, conservatory: :
sunny, side Sacramento st., near Pierce; will {
lease. For permit to in-pect apply to SPECK
& CO.. -0!> Montgomery st. .
HOISKS FliRMSHED FOR. SALE.
FRANKLIN, 50S, near McAllister— A sunny 3-
room flat: rent 51-: this week $125. -
9 ROOMS, clean; spins: away; sacrifice. 305
Golden Gate ave. . j
I -XVKST.M_-.\TS-
WE buy and sell all active stocks and bonds:
also high-class mortgages; carefully selected ¦
securities always on hand offered at frrm ¦
10 per cent to 8O per cent below regular f
prices; list of -0O bargains In well known
stock* free on request:* get cur quotations
before buying elsewhere. WATT & COW-
PER-THWAITE. Investment Droker*. Stock-
tcn, Cal. _-
__^ ROOMS_FOI_ IIOUSEKEEPIXC.^
A NUMBER of very desirable sunny apart-
ments. 3 and 4 rooms each, with bath, toilet,
elevator, etc.; unfurnished or furnished to
order; new house. The St. Charles, 150O
Sacramento St., near Larkln.
ARDELL. 15 Page — 2 front furnished house-
keeping rooms, cos range, $3 week; 1. $1 up.
CASTRO, 42i>, nr. 17th. rear — 3 pleasant suaay
unfurnished housekpy rooms; large yard; $10.
EDDY. 523 — 2 nicely furnished rooms for
housekeeping.
EI.LIS. 310 — Parlor suits, suitable for an office
or light housekeeping.
ELLIS, 6S3 — 2 sunny rooms, nicely furnished:
gas range, running water; $25. .
FOURTH. 4D1 — Front and back • parlor for
housekeeping;, also double and single rooms.
GEARY. 1040. bet.- Polk and Van Ness— Beau-
ttful sunny housekeeping rooms.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 433— Three very desir-
able .bousekeeDing rooms.
GUERRERO. 1323— Extra nice sunny rooms;
reasonable. Phone Church 653d.
HOWARD, 2_sr^2 very large well-furnished
rooms; yard; rent $12. s .
HYDE, 112 — Housekeeping rcoms; suites and
¦ stogie: ras ranges; new; $11 to $22 month.
HYDK, 52S — Nicely fur. front parlor suite; also
3 aunny basement rooms. Phone Hyde 93O.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Fine —
Sunny, furnished 3- room suites; it'im h'Jt-
ed. electric lighted; free baths; rate $30 up.
LILY ave.. 12. oCt Franklin — 5 rooms, newly
furnished, complete . for housekeeping; . rent
very rea«onable. . -_.
MCALLISTER. G3S — Sunny front suites. $18.
$14, $7; gas range, hot bath, laundry: adults.
PAGE. 27!* — Two aunny housekeeping rooms or
single. |
PAGE. 1321— Two, three or four completely
' furnished housekeeping rooms; private house.
PINE. 1S20 — Unfurnished 3 lance bright sunny
parlors, regular kitchen: single or connect-
ing; low rent; every convenience; call to-day;
boarJ optional.
SEVENTH. 1M— For rent, sunny housekeeplns
room*, $2 30 to $5 per week: upper flat.
. SIXTH, 310 — 1 or 2 large sunny rooms and
kitchen: complete for housekeeping.
TAYLOR. 9U— 2 furnished room-, gas range,
sink. ?lo; sinzle room, gas range. $6' 50.
THREE wood unfurnished rocms on <julet
•tre>:i. suitable • for housekeeping. Apply
642 Grove «. '
THREE furn. rooms for housekpg.: centrally
located; terms rcasbtu-ble. Eox 4473. Call.
TURK. 824 — Two. large sunny well-furnished
rooms; complete for housekeeping; $16.
TWENTY-SIXTH. . 33G7— ?12; 2 front house-
keeplng rooms In Mission warm belt. •«,
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
Itf pages. In wrapper, for mailing. 81 per year.
. -._ ATABMCatTlIOT 'SBS. , *-
A ET. H-LAIRE APARTMENTS
LAGUNA ST.. NEAR GEART.- —
Will be ready for occupation In a few
flays. Ev—rythlns new. Make your
reservations now. . Elecantly fumishe-l
apartratnt* with private bath — 2, 3 and
4 rooms; sttam h».it; electric U_bt;ele-
j . \ator: private phones: rates rea-onabl*.
, ¦ • . }
9 ¦ ' - - '
A— CORDOVA APARTMENTS '. 1""^
• Will be finished March IS.
10S4 SUTTER ST.. NE. COR. LARKIX ST.
Beautifully light and sunny; 2-3-4 rooms and
bath each; all unfurnished; $C0 to $45. -
Make reservations now. - •
THE LUNGEH. MS Octavla. cor. Hayes— Just
completed; sunny;' modern 3-rm. apartmrou:
'. nlegsrtiy furnUhed: electric lights: prlvat*
bath«.'.$4O up;. rets.: aljo doctor's ofSces.
ST. CKCILE. 115 Fell, above Van Ness — The
acme of ' perfection In elegantly font. 3-rooca
apartments: prtvate bathac steam heat, elec-
eric lights, elevator, gas ranees: SJU *p J5i
HEM 1 WAXTE P^-FE MALK— Co n.
A— THE DOMESTIC CLUB. 23-'{ Geary, fm 31.
3 experienced second girls, city. ........ .$-5
Second girl, Swedish or Uerman. ....... .$25
Chamber and seamstress references $-5
.Nurse, young, 1 and 3 year children;, expe-
rienced; good refe.; for Son Mateo *".i»
Cook, young American family .$5U
Housework. Redwood City; last girl 10 years;
5 family; modern-house.... ....$3o
3 'family, flat, young; sleep home;. dinner at
| 4:30; nice people; ?5 a week. -.
WANTED — Experienced ealesisdles for ladies'
summer suits, tea gowns and negligees; only
those with experience In this line and wlih
best reference need apply; cood wages anJ
ste&dy position to right party. Apply be-
tween 0 and 10 a. m. and T and _ p. m., I.
MAGNIN & CO., 43-63 Ellis st.
A— WANTED — Girls to learn . hairdres-ing.
manicuring, etc: trade taught from A »o Z
in 2 weeks: |6 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to flil Immediately: positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leading school in
West. 2-13 Geary St.. room 13.
A — Girls tu learn millinery now for spring sea-
son: both k- neons taueti; from rtart to finish
in 1 month for $13: positions as trimmers,
xalesladies, etc.. guaranteed at $10 per \vL up;
day and evening clat*. 143 Btockton st.,r. 1_.
A — LADIES to learn all branches halrdresslng
trade, manicuring, massage, rtc l&iti Mar-
ket St., cor. Jones, room »l: po-ltinns secured
at highest wages-; day anJ eve, class; call.
LADIES — $15 per week sewing at hcme; ma-
terials free, no canvassing; beautiful -sample
sent fr-?« on receipt of addressed envelope.
MAJESTIC LACE CO.. New York.
LADIES — $8t» $15. paid weekly, doing plain
sewing at home; experience unnecessary; ma-
terial sent free everywhere; send stamped ad-
dressed envelope for particulars. Weber Mfg.
Co., 1135 Broadway, New York.
LADY who Is willing:' to work for a good In-
come In a branch of our business: no can-
vassing. Send stamp for 1 particulars. H. A.
RUSSELL. 1239 E ft., g»n Diego. Cal.
LA DIKS to do piecework at their homes; we
furnish all materials and pay from $7 to $12
weekly. Address Royal Co., 34 E. Monroe
St.. Chicago. '
WANTED — A woman of some refinement as
workinr housekeeper:' no window "cleaning;
2 In family.. Apply bet.. 11 and 1. 417 Fair
Oaks _;: . ¦
WANTED — Reliable ¦ Protestant woman;
chambermaid and plain sewing: references;
wages $'J0. Address B., box 33. Ross Station,
Cal. - .' ; . . . • • ;
LADIES— Profitable home work; $9 to $13
weekly-; material free: no canvassing; steady
work.' Surety Co., Chicago. . .
LADIES wanted to learn barber trade and halr-
dresslcg; Moler system. Barber and Hair-
dressing College, C35 Clay at.
WANTED— A girl to take care of child 2 years
Old; wages $15; references. Call 2520' Sacra-
mento st. I .
20 LADIES for dance hall, country; fare ad-
vanced; good wages; immediately. Box 4337
CalL . .
WANTED — Capable Birl, housework; country;
' nice home; wages $20 and Increase. Address
MRS. GRANT, Alma, Cal.
CO^IPETKNT girl for general housework and
cooking; 3 adults. 563i) Seventeenth st:, near
Dolorts. ,• - - :
WANTED — A good girl for cooking and house-
work; good wages. Call _<K)1 Clay st.
AN experienced alterer to' act as saleslady.
C. F. ADAMS CO.. 318 Mason st.
WOMAN used to cooking In small restaurant.
774 Howard st.
WANTED— Young- _lrl to assist family of two.
Call 1110 F-ll st.
DANCING — Two assistants. Apply FIND-
LAY'S. 3445 17th st-, before Monday evening.
YOUNG lady for ceneral office work;whole-
sale hoc-e; f4 week begin. Box 4347, Call.
A GOOD *lrl for general housework; easy
place; references required. 026 Van Ness ave.
WOMAN to train for position with local firm;
- no traveling. Box 4552. Call office.
LADY to solicit printing. Address box 4321.
Call office.
FIRST-ctacs experienced millinery trimmer and
maker; good-jalary. 72 Geary st.
WAITRESS wanted; call Monday. 631 Clay st.
"WAIST and skirt hands for dressmaking. 1415
Hyde St., near Jackson.
WETNURSE wanted: apply Monday. 1 to 3 p.
m ., to DR.- LE WITT. 600 Van Ness ave.
YOUNG girl to assist with housework. S303
Seventeenth St.; good home.
PANTS finishers wanted at 131 Ruas. Call
Sunday; good price.
A, GIRL -for general housework and cookins.
2210 Central ave.; car fare paid.
PANTS finishers. 8. N. WOOD & CO 27
Geary st. •
STENOGRAPHER and office assistant- state
salary expected. Box 4452, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS waist hand. 1814 Bush st.
WANTED— Reflned. middle-aged lady, no in-
cumbrance; companion to lady: small wages
and tood home; references. Address box
1075. Call office. Oakland.
LADY wanted for shooting gallery: good In-
ducement for right party. A. W. FELL,
Watsonville. Cat. f?
YOUNG girl for second work; wages $20. 243
Chestnut St., between Dupont and Kearny.
WANTED — Firtt-claiw waist and coat helper*. !
J. BAER. 120O Geary st. ¦
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch of flee, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions receired~st
Call branch office, cor. .Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscription* has been j
opened at IOCS Market it., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 n. in.
' HELP WANTED MALii ~
AT THE CAL. EMP. AGENCY, ~~1
14 Third st Phone Bush 405.
• . NEVADA,
Government Job, 8 hours.
20 teamstere, • • < ' $2 25 a day
20 rockmen/ {2 Ma day
20 laborers. $2 00 a day
SPECIAL — ; ; CHEAP FARE
Carpenter foreman," $4 (X> a day
3 carpenter*. - .-. '¦ - $3 00 a day
CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 14 Third st.
WANTED— :
• 60 — Four-horse skinners — 5O
. . S^ — Houre — 8
Special Arrangements.
Waces $2 25.
Fare Refumled.
Ship Monday Evening.
Good camp, good board, good climate.
, Apply Contractors' Agency, 95 Third st,
Open Sunday from 10 to 12 a. m.
IRONER and polisher. $15 week; 2 Iron mold-
•erp, $3 50 day: machine man. :-<3 50 day;
carpenter, $3 day; carpenter for mill, $G0 and
board; log deck man, $40 and board; garden-
er. $30 found; oyster man, $45; baker; $40
found; hotel waiter,' $30 found. Address J.
F. CROSETT - CO., C2S Sacramento st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 20 Montgomery, r. 12.
Second ccokr $70: bar. Dorter, country hotel,
. $25. Offlc- open Sunday, 9 to 11 a. m.
MEN can go to Alaska, get a timber homestead
and an Interest in the enterprise;" good wages
and permanent position; this Is the working-
man's opportunity: we. pay 6 per cent and a
dividend on all money invested. Address The
Alaska Mutual Fisheries and Industrial Co..
- -A. C Jennings.' Sec., -room A. Times building
• Seattle.- Wash. - - ¦ . . ...
WANTEIV-10 men In each State to travel.
-".tack.Eigns.: distribute circulars and samples;
salary SCO per 'month; $3 per day for ex-
penses. KUHLMAN CO,, Dept. H C Atlas
block. Chicago. ....
WANTED— Thoroughly competent general of-
¦-. flee, cleric and stenographer; man not afraid
' of work; answer stating salary expected and
experience." or no attention will be given an-
, Bwer; bond required. Box 4280, Call office.
A GOOD solicitor -of -good appearance/ fully
understanding " workln; high-class proposi-
tions, can secure a permanent position on
salary or commission. Apply 402 Rialto
" building. ' after 4:S0 p. m. -.— ..'— -
A— - -"-.t ' ' •". -"-"_-.¦¦".. '-.-. - - - - w ¦ . £
Men to learn the barber trade In two months
and secure good positions; catalogue and full
Information mailed ' free. MOLER \ System
. . College; 635 Clayst. ;:;~ :-; •_,<-.;-
ALERT 'Stato superintendents, managers and
representatives -for : Western States: salary
and s commission: men \ trained; rare oppor-
tunity. - WESTERN - CORRESPONDENCE
. UNIVERSITY. JC5 Golden Gate. avenue. -
WANTEDr-Bookkeepers,' stenographers, clerks
and skilled ' mechanical . labor for Southern
United .States. ..Wett Indie*. Mexico, Central
America and Panama. New Orleans Commer-
r - cial .- Exchange, , New . Orleans, . La... ' . -..- .--
SALESMEN— High class specialty men; for
staple line -wtth a -vertisinr proposition: can
earn $.VH)0 per year." BARTON-PARKER
MFG. CO.. Cedar Rapids. Iowa. '. "Little boy," inquired the minister,
who* had called to see , the man of the
house, "is your father a Christian?"
.-VYes," replied the boy, "I think he
Is, but I don't .believe he is working
at It these days."— Lippincott's.,
Passive Christianity.
Bible work in Persia has Buffered a
serious Interruption recently In a j pro
hibition of the Persian . Government,
which forbids the entering Into Persia
of either the Arabic, Turkish, Azerbl
jani and Persian Scriptures. A con
signment sent during the last year by
the' American Bible Society to the Pres
byterian missionaries, at Tabriz was
detained at j Bushlre, , and thus their
admission has been refused. Protests
have been made through the State De
partment at Washington, and the Brit
ish authorities have been similarly ap
proached by representatives of the
British and Foreign Bible Society with
out effect, although the British and
American ministers at Teheran acted
vigorously from the flrst. In'splte of
this, there has been a .vigorous press
ing of the work of Bible circulation on
the part of the Presbyterian mission
aries at the four stations at Tabriz and
Urumia, which together constitute the
West Persia mission, and .' at Teheran
and Hamadan, which combine to make
the East Persia . mission of the | Pres
byterian board in: the United States of
America.— Boston Transcript.
BIblo Work In Persia.
sickness the vaccination of every em
ploye and smallpox dangers are re
duced to a minimum. Disinfecting
plants are easily arranged now and
medical inspections have been so sys
tematized that contagion can be
checked in the briefest time. Camp
and personal cleanliness can 'be in
sisted" upon. A certain police or mil
itary discipline can even be main
tained and safety be assured all who
care to seek their fortune or gain new
adventure in the isthmian lands. -
"Colon and Panama, as the termini
of the canal, will require the greatest
attention. But there Is a vast amount
of labor all along between these.polnts.
All that will be needed will be com
petent and plucky physicians, men who
do not know fear, and the camps may
be made and kept clean. Hospitals
along the railroad on high ground and
nurses who can stand a good deal of
hard work will do the rest. Best of all,
perhaps, would be a large central hos
pital in the mountains, . where the .heat
would never be oppressive, where the
mosquito would not penetrate, because
there w^ould be no excuse for his beinc
and where the sanitary system would
be most easily arranged. "With Gov
ernment assurance that these things
would be of prime Importance In ar
ranging for the canal work no Amer:»
can need be afraid of going to Pan
ama." ,
Barl and Venice have always disput
ed as to which of them possesses the
authentic bones of St. Nicholas, but
there would seem to be no doubt in the
mind of the Russian General Bagdono
vitch, who, on seeing: them, offered the
Cathedral of Barl 1.000,000 rubles (about
$105,000) for them, with the Intention of
taking; them to Russia, where this
saint is extraordinarily popular.^ It ap
pears that General Bagdonovltch was
visiting Bar! when he saw the relics,
which are at the bottom of a species of
well, the bones being: crossed and water
springing from them continually. He
became very thoughtful, and then ex
claimed: "I will give you 1,000,000 ru
bles for them." When those present
smiled, thinking he was joking, he re
peated his offer several times, but of
course it was refused. The present
Czar, as Czarowltch, visited the same
relics while the cathedral was the scene
of Queen Helena's abjuration of the
orthodox creed and her conversion to
Roman Catholicism. It is thought that
the matter j/ill not end here, and that
the general will make further ' efforts
to secure the bones, but, of course, he
has no chance of success. — London Tel
egraph.
The Bones of St. Nicholas.
Retort Courteous.
During the trial of an accident
case against one of the city trolley
companies an elderly lady was sum
moned as a witness for the plaintiff.
The attorney for the railroad company
put her under a very severe" cross-ex
amination and tried the best he could
to make her appear as ridiculous as
possible. But he reckoned without
his host.
"Madame," said he, "do I under
stand you to say that you were there
at the time the accident happened?"
"How do I -" she began.
"Stop!" he cried. "Don't indulge in
any long - dessertations. Answer my
question, yes or no. If you don't I
shall be obliged to ask the court to
compel you to answer. Listen. - Do
I understand you to say "
¦ Quick as a flash the old lady re
plied: "I'm sure I don't know what
you understand me to say. Tou may
be an idiot!"
After that courtesy ruled the day. —
Lippincotfs.
The Island of Jolo covers fully 320
square miles. It is of coral formation
and offers an excellent harbor to the
west. In topography it is gently undu
lating and covered throughout Its en
tire length by .the rankest tropical
vegetation, valuable teakwood being
found extensively throughout the en
tire district. Nowhere in the world
are more luscious fruits produced.
Among those peculiar to this belt is
the durian, which is about the size of
a muskmelon. Its exterior presents
somewhat the appearance of a chestnut
burr, being prickly and tough: within,
the fruit is white and cheesellke, and
owing to this peculiarity the American
soldier dubbed it "the vegetable lim
burger." The mangosteen is another
of the rare fruits. It is the size of an
average orange, chocolate colored, and
has a very brittle skin. Inside, four
white sections contain a colorless Iiduid.
the rarest fruit known, and the only
one, so it is claimed, that Queen Vic
toria had never tasted, there being no
way of preserving the fruit for a suffi
cient period after plucking to permit of
shipping to any distance.— Scientific
American.
The Rarest Fruit Known.
poration), lot on NW line of Woolsey street.
80 SW of Glrard. SW 27 by NW 100. block
10. University Mound: $10.
~ 9 Builders' Contracts.
James L. Flood (owner) with Rufflno &
Bianchl (contractors), architect Albert PissU—
Marble plinth blocks and thresholds for bulld
ln«r on NE corner of Powell and Eddy streets,
E 22:K-;. NE 180:6%. NW 62:8%. N 114:11%.
W 137:10. 8 275: $5760.
William H. Armstrong (owner) with O. A.
Creamer (contractor), architect C. A, Meuss
dorffer — All work except plumbing, gas fitting,
aas fixtures, sewer, painting, shades and elec
tric work for a two-story basement-and-attic
frame building (flats) on W line of Gough
street 82:6 S of Valle o, S 27:6 by W 110;
$7«2G.
Pame owner with H. J. Perazrl (contractor),
architect same — Plumbing, gas fitting and
sewer for same, on same; 9839.
Fame owner with L. A. Rea (contractor),
architect same — Painting, graining; and tint
ing for same, on same; $785.
{25.
John H. and Ellen G. Grady to Luc Beaudln.
lot on NE corner of Vlsltacl'on and Sawyer
streets. N 36 by E 110, lot 14, block 25, Sun
ny vain Homestead; $10.
Alice Seabrlsht to S. Dueas Company (cor-
Leopold and Saiuti Weinsteln to Ellas and
Bertha EllinKsen, same; $10.
Sunnyvale Homestead Association to S. P.
MIddleton, lot 6. block 25. Sunnyvale Home
stead Association; $720.
S. P. Mlddleton to John H. Grady, lot 14.
block 25. same, aultclalm deed: $5.
William and C. T. Nlcol to same; lot 14,
block 25. Sunnyvale Homestead Association;
John P. RoberUon to William John, lot on
W line of Polk street, CO S of O'Farrell. S
30 br W 07:6; $5.
Delia CarvllI, Alice Pippy (wlf« of George
H.). Abbie Cousins (wife of I*. J.) and
Adarlsta Steadman (wife of J. M.) to Almond
D. Carvill, lot on N line of Golden Gate ave
nue. 187 :C W of Webster street. W S4:4V»
by N 137:6; also lot on N line of Army street.
60:11 E of Castro. B 203:8 by N 114; also lot
on SW corner of Army and Castro streets, W
203:7 by S 114 (quitclaim deed); $10.
Edward and Sarah A. Philips to William
A Sullivan, lot on N line of McAllister street,
S7:6 W of Scott, W 25 by N 112:6; $10. tjt
Annie and Kate Convery and Mary Shield*
to Mary J. Stack, lot on S line of Po«t
street, 102:6 W of Baker. . W 27:6 by S 137:0;
$10
Charles M Myrick to Timothy B. and Elii
abeth Shea lot on B lln« of L.yon street, 100
N of McAllister. N 25 by K 100; $10.
Joseph Harriet B.. Jacob and Bertha "Q.
Welssbel'n. to Theodore F. Vcyhla and Fred
erick M. Volgt lot on S line of Pine street.
137:6 W of M'on. W 60 by S 100; $10.
Thomas and Mary E. Vodden to Richard
Pahl lot on E line of Ashbury street. 100 ><
of Haight. N 25 by E 125; $10.
Mary Hubinette (Cranz) to Mary Brooks, lot
on W line of Guerrero street, 180 8 of Fif
teenth. S 20 by W 100; $447.
Bridget A. Philbln to John Btraub, lot on
S line of Dorland street. 224:4 B of Dolor«s,
E 50:8 by S 116; $10.
William H. Morgan to Mariano O. Bale,
lot on S line of Seventeenth street. 3S5:3 B
of Sanchez. E 25 by S 100; $10.
Mary A. P. Quick to Ellen G. Brady, lot
on N line of Seventeenth street. 60 E of Pros
per E 50 by N 91:6; $10.
Rector and Vestry of the Church of the Ad
vent to Charles W. Taber, lot on NW corner
of Twenty-fourth and Bartlett streets, N
15>7:1O by W 117:6; $18,100.
ErneM and Marie C. Lang: to Jean and Anna
Pats, lot on E line of Mission street, 260 N of
Twenty-fifth. N 35 by E 115; $10.
Edward N. and Mary H. Harmon to Samuel
H Harmon, lot on N'C line of Second street.
- NW of Harrison. NW 30 by NE 125:8;
Jeor^e D. Hall to Louisa Hall, lot on ElE
corner of Nevada and De Haro streets, S 66:S
by E 100: cift.
A. H, and Harriet .M. Vail to William A.
and Harriet C. Finch, lot on W line of Twen
ty-second avenue. 125 S of Lake street, S 25
by W 120; $10.
John F. and Alice Kennedy to Alfred W.
Bradbury. Jot on E line of Twenty-third ave
nue. 175 S of Lake street. S 25 by E U»; SU>.
Mary L. Jordan (Treanor) to Nellie C. Day
(wife of W. I.), lot on W line of Fourth ave
nua. 250 S of California street, 8 25 by W
120; ?10.
Usrnhnrd and Rose Getz to Claura Sawyer,
lot on W line of Eighteenth avenue, 175 N of
J street. N 5O by W 120: $10.
Peter and Hannah Tamony to Mary Myera.
lot on S line of Marshall street, 202:6 W of
Craut. W 27:6 by S 100; $10.
Oscar Heyman to Leopold Welnstein. lot on
E line of Fol?om •?-eet, 125 N of Predta place.
N 25 by E 100: «1». . Ml <•*
SATURDAY. MARCH 19.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
In the procession of judges and bar
risters with which the English law
courts has reopened the wigmaker
plays a conspicuous part. Hplstoy has
said that in some plays the maker-uy
is as great an artist as the actor. It
may be that the wigmaker Is as im
portant a pillar of the law as the Lord
Chancellor himself.
Wigs, like many other human Insti
tutions, are not what they were. The !
old wig had to be made of human hair
of a dark color, and was pomatumed
and powdered every morning. An army
of dressers went down to Westminster
and there attended to each of his circle
of clients, with whom he had an annual
contract. It was not a particularly en
joyable occupation, but It meant a
steady income, which was completely
cut off by the introduction of the horse
hair wig. We have wondered how the j
human hair was procured, and from
all we have learned are still at liberty
to Imagine that it came from the heads
of felons the advocacy of other bar
risters had brought to the scaffold.
To-day Dr. Tristram, chancellor of
the Bishop of London's Consistory
Court, is the only considerable luminary
who wears the old style of wig, though
until very lately he was kept in count
enance by Mr. Iderwick, K. C. The
wigs that are worn now are made of
white horse hair, with a faint admix
ture of black. They do not require to be
powdered, and only once in half a
dozen years or so need they be recurled.
Some half dozen wigmakers in and
around the Temple and Lincoln's Inn —
many of them related by marriage, and
all of them of long standing— furnish
the gown and wig lawyers between
them. It seems that there is an open
ing for a competitor. The price of a
plain barrister's wig is £5 5s, but it
sometimes takes two or three weeks to
make.
The head of Mr. Briefless Is very
carefully measured and the lines of
his cranium marked upon the most
suitable of a hundred blocks or more
that the shop contains. The proper
surface is then covered with a trellis
of fine silk ribbon, carefully sewn to
gether at every point of intersection
On this trellis" work the wie is care
fully built, so that at last it fits al
most as closely as the owner's scalp
itself. Other industrious finders have
prepared long strings of hair woven
upon silk cord — for the crown of the
head little loops, and for the back
something more like cropped hair, and
technically called '-'Bnap." Hundreds
of yards of the two kinds are sewn
on to the foundation, till all is close
ly covered and then the various curls,
each very nicely made, are added.
Those two little curls that dangle
down the back (Sir Edward Carson's
wig lacks one of them) are each made
of two sets of hair, plaited like fingers
in prayer at the end, and thence curved
together and so deftly knotted that
not a hair is buckled from its place.
It is a long time before the average
barrister comes back for a new wig.
Even the man who does not care to
wear a silk hat that has lost its pris
tine gloss appears cheerfully in a wig
twenty years old. In fact, an old wig
is often a desideratum, as it invests
the head of its wearer with an ap
pearance of having a large practice— an
appearance that is sometimes contrary
to the fact. One of the largest of heads
belonging to the legal profession Is that
of Lord Alverstone. — New York Globe.
The t American who lets alcohol alone
and observes the most ordinary health
rules, It is claimed, will have nothing
to fear If he goes with the rush to the
new republic of Panama when canal
work starts under American auspices.
The disease bogey threatens to keep
many a good man away from the isth
mus ,and_ merely because somebody has
told him that he will have only half a
chance for his life after he has worked
there a few months.
There is plenty of sickness, and much
of it in aggravated form, in Panama
and the other isthmian countries, but
it is mostly among the natives, who are
content to live ajid die, If necessary t
In the filth to which they have always
been accustomed. The f easy-going
French contractor, who had more of an
eye to his pocket than to the condition
of the workmen who. would bring the
money jinto his strong box, winked at
the lack of sanitation. If on« native
died, there was always another to take
his place. It was rarely that the con
tractor or any of the fo'remen perished.
The medical reports made by physi
cians from this city who went down
during the preliminary surveys give
pretty fair ideas of what the conditions,
will be when canal building begins in
earnest once more. Among those who
were on the medical staff of the com
mission was Dr. John P. Gunion of this
city, and of his observations he says:
CONDITIONS XEAR THE COAST.
"In the vicinity of the coast the
health conditions are, during both the #
wet and dry seasons, quite good, my
observation being that those who exer
cised ordinary hygienic precautions
had little more to fear of serious ill
ness than though they lived in a tem
perate city, Washington for instance.
I was with the Darien exploration par
ty for parts of both seasons, and during
neither was the temperature so high as
I had been led to believe It would be.
Indeed, many August days in this city
are far more oppressive than the worst
of the isthmian days.
"Back from the coast the health con
ditions are not at all bad, especially on
the high ground, of which there is
plenty. In short, you may live or die,
the choice being largely with the Indi
vidual. The man who lives in the cities
has to face worse days than the one
who goes back into the country. Sani
tation is the thing last thought of in
the cities. What. would be considered
absolutely essential in even the most
graft-ridden American municipality has
not yet penetrated the ease-loving of
ficial in Panama. Every man does as
he pleases, with no one to criticize or
reprove him. The American Indian liv
ing In a tepee on the plains, with no
white man to instruct him, knows more
of the right way of living than the in
dolent revolutionist of the isthmus. To
morrow is always time enough for him
to take up any proposed reform, unless
It be a revolution. Into this he enters
heart and soul, with no thought for the
welfare of his body should, he be strick
i en in battle. His family for generations
back has fought fever, and he expects
to do the same until it conquers him.
WORSE IN CITIES THAN OUTSIDE
"From an understanding of these
facts it is conceivable that disease is
more prevalent in the cities. Panama
.City is at present rather a poor place
to live, though even there it is better
than at Colon. Of tropical and other
diseases these cities receive their share.
So do Baranqullia, Savanilla and
Carthagena, in none of which could I
find anything that approached a sani
tary system. I saw malarial fever in
Its many forms, yellow fever, typhoid
fever and dysentery," though not the
tropical dysentery, which I found to be
rare In this section.
"These were the diseases which
claimed victims by thousands during
Dc Lesseps regime, but it should be
remembered that in the heyday .of the
French control sanitary science had not
attained the relatively important posi
tion it now has. Every recent discovery
in the great and as yet little explored
field of bacteriology has coiHributed its
part toward placing sanitary science In
Its present high position. The French
man knew nothing of the danger that
Jurked in the common' mosquito.
"He always realized that malarial
fever. was something to be avoided if
he could manage it, but he never slept
under netting or drained swamps as a
preventive.. This Is a. point .which
the American medical force will keep
to the fore air the time. Statistics for
the first six months of American con
trol seem likely to show a wonderful
decrease In malaria among the work-
Ing force. The same Is true of yellow
fever, for, Dr. Reed's great work In
hunting down the same death-dealing
mosquito as the bearer of the worst of
all the scourges gives another Inkling
as to what must first be done by the
medical corps that goes with the canal
workers.
"What has been done In' •Havana
can be, and will undoubtedly be done
in. Panama; and Colon. Add to the
means taken there for stamping out
New Styles Now Displacing
the Old and but Few Are
Wearing the "Eeal Thing'*
Expectation That American
Methods Will Work Same
Changes as in Cuba
HEADDRESSIXG BY YEAE
THE EEIGN OF FILTH
English Courts Still Adhere
to Pomps and Forms of
Five Centuries or Xore Ago
Natives Die Numerously Be
cause of Non-Observance of
Ordinary Health Kules
It is doubtful whether protective
mimicry among animals is better ex
emplified than in the case of the fish
commonly known as the marbled
angler of the Sargasso Sea (Ptero
phryne histrio). Owing to its peculiar
structure* it is a poor swimmer and it,
therefore, spends most of its life mov
ing slowly about on the bottom among
corals, seaweed, etc., which these
fishes closely resemble in color and
in outline. They > cling, too. to the
floating masses of sargassum weed
with their peculiar fins, and the color
markings of the fish closely resemble
the weed itself. Not only does the
weed thus furnish a home for this
species, but the fish actually con
structs a nest from it and therein de
posits its eggs. One of these nests,
found in connection with the Hassler
expedition in 1871, was described as
consisting of .a round mass of sar
gassum, about the size of two fists
rolled up together. To all appear
ances It was made of nothing but this
gulf weed, the branches and leaves of
which were, however, evidently knit
together, and not merely tangled into
a roundish mass; for, though some of
the leaves and branches hung loose
from the nest, it became at once vis
ible that the bulk of the ball was held
together by threads trending In every
direction- among the seaweed. By
close observation it became apparent
that this mass of seaweed was a neat,
the central part of which was bound
up In the form of a ball, with sev
eral loose branches extending in vari
ous directions. On still closer ex
amination the nest above described
was found to be full of eggs, which
were scattered throughout the mass.
Nature has thus afforded a safe
asylum for these somewhat helpless
fishes, whose cutaneous filaments,
which are plentifully provided on the
belly, around the mouth and on the
dorsal spine, so nearly resemble the
weed itself that predaceous fishes
doubtless fall to recognize the living
animals, and thus the latter escape
extermination. — Scientific American.
Nnturc. Provides a Safe Asylum for
Fish That Cannot Fight
or Run.
IMPOSING WIGS
OF BARRISTERS
HOW TO LIVE
IN PANAMA
NEST BUILDING FISH
: --:Sr OF THE SARGASSO SEA
THE SAS FRANCISCO GALL; StJNDAY. MARCH 20, 1904.
46
ORDER FOR THE
GREAT TWENTIETH CENTURY COOK BOOK.
Mall Tal« Orfl»r to TU« Saa Traaolico Call WltX 75a.
The San Francisco Call,
San Francisco. Cal.s ¦-"
, Inclosed herewith pie ase : find ; 75c , for ,which send me o«»
copy ' of The ' Call's Great Twentieth Century Cooh Book. (Fifty
Cents is The Call's Premium rate to all its six-month subscrib-
ers to the daily and Sunday paper, and the additional 35c i$
to prepay shipping chars cs.) . . V
siGNEr ,...............;............... .....................
STREET ....................
CITY ....... ...;^....;.......\......... ...............™.
state:.....;.;.......;................. .........;;........^
ROOMS A.\r» BOARD— Contlaced^ |
GUERRERO. 226— Handsome front room;
board for two.
HOTEL EL5-MERE. 418 Sutler— Sunny rooms;
cxceHent table; from >40: elngls <2S.
JI1OTWEU. 221 near lCth — A nice sunny
- room, with' board, in a Protestant family.
raiRTEENTH. 283 — Room and board with
private family. •..->. '?'..-'. \
VAN' NESS ave., 41»— Room and board; $25
per month. _^_
VAN NESS ave.. 1714— Elegantly furnish**
»ult««. m1tn b«tp.»: also single: homelike.
¦WANTED — Couple of boarders. 70 Fourteenth
at., bet. Folscm and Harrison.
A BRANCH offlc* of The Call for the reception
of advertisements find subscriptions has been
opened at IOCS Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until il p. m. j
ROOMS AJSD BOARD WAXTEP.
WANTED — Board and uleaKant rooms for
couple with ch'.ld. Address, with rate and j
location, box 4485. Call office.
WANTED — Board and room; private family
preferred: not over |22 50. Bex 31. 10<>S
Market at.
LADY <le«irv* larre sunny room or suite In
refined family; no other boardeia. Box 43oO.
Call office.
TOL'NG lady wnnt* room and board in prl-
vate family; terms moderate. Box 4495. Call, j
IIOUMS WASTED. j
•WANTED— 2 or 3 unfurni&hcd or oarlly fur-
nished housekeeping rooms by young man
and wife: mud be clean, convenient and
rent reator.ahle. Audrtea Box 43l»5. Call.
GENTLEMAN wtr.Ugaol room with a little
personaT attention. Box 4333. Call.
SPECIALISTS. ' _
CATARHH. DSAFNESS and NOISES In EARS !
positively cured; new methods; 1 week's treat- I
rnejit free. Dr. Cottlnrhsm. 2<M Putter st
¦— — 1
3TITTERIXC A> .P. _? T -V', MEItlVG '
TliE MELBOURNE SCHOOL for the cure of
stuttering and ftair.merlng, corner Van Ness ',
ave. and Market st.. S. F., has been «tab- ;
llshed in this city lor ;i years and shall con-
ttao*. for it is fuunded on true merit and has
the commendation of reputable physicians |
everywhere. It teaches a superior system '
and chal^enfes results. No wholesale clans ;
work, but C hours' individual teaching daily. ;
reducing nervous obstruction to speech anJ \
leading to thorourh control. Within reach
of a'!, nutlness hours. 1 to 5 p. m. ;
mariciage: licenses.
The following marrLage licenses were issued
yesterday :
William Burrows, 3S, 427 Munich street, and
Route Eat well, 24. 232 A Clara street.
Charles W. 8tolx, 27. Presidio, and Floy F.
Churchill. 20. Ionia. Mich.
Edwerd J. Morris. 21, 402 O'Farrell street,
and Theresa A. Sharkey. 18. «13 Eddy street.
Orville n. Harder, 24, Oakland, and Grace
E. Hussry. 22. Oakland.
Walter G. Bruck. 3r.. 312 MontBomerj' street,
ar.4 Igapita Iguaran, 31. 911 Ellis street.
Eugene G. Bronson. 31. Santa Rosa. ar.J
Clara fc\ Ahrew;. 20. Santa Rosa,
David fichefskl, 20. T> Morrig avenue, and
Annie Brown. IK. lltt Harriet «<tre«-t.
Frank B. Keller. 22. :«2»'-B Eighteenth St.,
and Florence McDuff. 23. 1C Beaver street.
Alfred F. Steinbrecher. 24. 44 Third street,
and Eur.a Berry, 23, hl2 Elizabeth street.
Archibald M. Wright. 40, 220 Sutter street,
and Agne* Patterson. HO. city.
Percy C. Ke<-1, 2». 209 Grant avenue, and
Katharine Shinglemeycr. 2». 1709 California.
Abe Shapiro. Ui.. 941 Folsom street, and Mln-
r.if Offenbach. 21. 1W7 Devfeadero street.
EIBTHS—MAPJUAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not he inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons nuthorii»d to have the seme published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published ence in this column
free of charge.
BORN.
AVERDIECK— In Alameda.' Cal.. March 8,
1904, to the wife of Richard Averdleck, a
son.
DUMERMfTH— In this city. March 13. 1904,
to the wife of John Dumermuth. a daughter.
McBRIDE— In this city, to the wife cf B. C.
McBride. a daughter.
NAl'MAN— In this city. March 17. 1&O4, to the
wife of H. A. Nauman. & daughter.
IlICE— In this city, March 15. 10O4, to the
wife cf Frank A. Rice, a daughter.
STORV— In this city. March 12, 190*. to the
wife of I. W. Ptory, a son.
SWEENEY- In this city. March 16, 1904. to
the wife of William P. Sweeney, a daughter.
TAYLOR— In Berkeley. Cal.. March 19. 1904.
to the wife of W. F. Taylor, a daughter.
MARRIED?
HOLSWORTH— DAVENPORT— In this city,
March 2. I!**, by the Rev. H. Collier. Percy
N. Holsworth and Elva M. Davenport, both
of Sa» Francisco.
WHITWORTH— SMITH— In this city. March
17. T!K>4. by the Rev. John Stephens. Isaac
L. Whltwortb. and Alice Donald Smith, both
of Sr.n Fianclsco.
DIED.
Allen, Catherine Miller, Fannie de C.
Badcett. Mrs. Ann Muller. Hermann F.
1 Ellahan. Edward Niemeyer. Henry
EUworth. Mary B. Nuttall. Abygail
Godet. Louis O'Brien, Mary
Greene, Gen. O. D. Oliver, Addie A.
Hannon, Abblie Olson. Oscar
Harklns. Dennis Orans. John E. Jr.
Hewitt. Mary R. Pierce, Frederick
Holmstrotn. Albert Quinn, Peiter J.
Houston. Carter Uobart. August F*.
Tack*on. Farrar Schmierer. Mrs. M.
Jacobs. Lee Schultz. Mrs. R.
Johnson. William N. t-haw. William
Jon*«, Mrs. Eliza Sister Antonia
Kane, Catherine Sutton. John
Karman, George Vagt, Infant
Lawson. .Albert Viera. Joseph
Liese. Anna M. Wolk. Jean
MeGrath, Thos. F. Young John
Michaels-. Isaac
ALLEN — There will be an anniversary re-
quiem htLh mass for the repose of the soul
of the lRte Catherine Allen. Monday, March
21. at 10 o'clock, at St. Brlgid's Church.
Frlrnds and acquaintances are respectfully
Icvlted to attend.
BADGETT— In Mobile. Ala.. March 6. 1904 (of
paralvetF). Mr? Ann Badgett, In the seven-
tieth yar of her age, beloved aunt of Hiss
Annie L. Russell Uladen).
CALLA HAN— Entered Into rest. In this city,
March IS. 1904. Edward, dearly txloved hus-
band cf the late Bridget Callahan, a native
cf Ireland, eged 83 years.
E7 Interment private.
" . .jSWORTH— In this city, March 18, 1904,
Mary Belle, beloved wife of Lavoni<- Els-
worth. and mother of Hartley and Desmond
Elsworth. a native of lows, aged 48 years «
months s.nd 7 days.
C7"The funeral will take place to-day
at fi:3<» o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 41C0 Twentieth street, near Castro.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
GODET— In this city. March 19. 1904. Louis,
beloved husband of Jeanne Godet. and father
of Charles Godet and Mrs. Joseph Plnkney.
a native of France, aged 80 years.
GREENE— In this city. March 18, 1904, Gen-
eral Oliver Duff Greene, U. S. A., beloved
father of Henry E. R. and Nathaniel Greene
cf Seattle. Wash., and Oliver Duff Greene
of San Franclcco, and Mamie G. Bonestell
widow of Major C. H. Bonectell of Platte-
burg Barracks, N. Y.. a native of New York,
aged 71 years 2 months and 13 daya.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the Presidio
Chapel. Interment National Cemetery.
HANNON'— In this city. March 19, 1904. Ab-
bjl* Hannon, beloved sister of Mrs. N.
Vaughn and the late Mrs. M. Cummlngs a
native of Kanturk. County Cork. Ireland.
HARKINS — In this dty, March 19. 19O4, Den-
nis Haxkins. a native of Ireland, aged OS
years.
HEWITT— At her residence, C19 Capp street.
March IS. 1904, Mary Rebecca, beloved wife
of William A. Hewitt, and mother of Ed-
ward T.. William A.. Mary A.. Arthur G..
Margaret K. and Daisy L. Hewitt, a native
of England, aged 60 years 1 month and 17
days.
ETFrlendB and acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Hunday. March 20. at 2 o'clock, at St. John's
r,plscops.l Church. Fifteenth street, between
Mission and Valencia, thence by electric
funeral car from corner of Eighteenth and
Guerrero streets at 2:30 o'clock to Cypress
I-*»n Cemetery.
HENRY J. CALLACHER CO.
ttsucceasora to Klannagan & Gallaxher 1
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, MrrV
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERSL
20 Fifth *t., opoelte Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
. Funeral Directors and Embalmers-
Formerly In Metropolitan Temple.
NOW at HOa MISSION. Tel. South 167.
* Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth st.
Finest equipments at Moderate Rates.
F. J. Mocahan. Manager.' TeL Mission 3L
MONAHAN, O'HARA & CO.
FUNERAL DIRECTORSAND EMBALMER&
tX».2241 Mission st.. near Nineteenth, -
£aa KraacUco
EAII-WAT TBAVEL
Tmlm leave ana art
du.loarriv.at
SA> FBANCISCO.
(Mala Line. Ferfy DepoV
Foot of Market Street *
l, t -. ~=^TwT..imi««t 17. wt. - a««it»
7.30a Nile*. Livermore. Tracy. Lnttiro?. ?
8.00a 6t££ :i Kxwiii- VvW"i>«»tau
wmtxmt (for lUrtlett 99rf"Z**>
Willows, trrnto. i:«<« U«H _ _ a
Portland. Tacom*. Seattle 7.W
8.00a D»»ls.Woodl»=d. KalKbts Landlnc.
Mary.viUe. OrotlUe ••;'h
8-SOa Port Costa. Hsrilne*. AntlocjU
Brroa. Tracr, Stockton. >e»-
msft. Los llanos. Men-lota.
Armon*. U»nfor<l. Vlsall*.
port«-r*!lle v ¦¦¦- 4 « ZB *
8.S3a Port Costa. Martinet. Tracy. Latt»-
rop. Mode»to. Slerced. Freso>\
Gosbeu Junction. Haafafo.
VlsalU. Daker»field V"w' 4S
8-SOa Kilet, Saa Jo.e, Ll»ennore. btocS-
ton. (tMi'.toa). lone. Sacramento,
Placer»i!ie. Mary»»llle. Chlco.
Red Bln.fr ••• 4.28p
8.30a Oafcdale. Chinese. Jamestown. So-
nora, Tuolumne and Angels **X
8 00a Atlantic Express— Ogden and E«»S. 11.20*
8.30a Richmond. Msrtlnes and Way
Sutton* B.5BP
10-OOa The Oyerland LlmUed — Ogden.
Denver. Omaha, CUlcsgo. 22T
104)0a Vsliejo.. ••••• 12.2Or
10.00a Los Anr«le» Pswenger — Tort,
Coita. Martinet, Byron. Tracy,
Lathrop. Stockton. Merced,
Raymond. Kre.no, Go.hen Junc-
tion. Haaford. Lemoore. VUalla.
Baker»fleld. Lo. Angste. V?9 F
12.00* Hayward. Nile, and Way Stations. 140*
fl.OOr Sacramento Rl»er Steamer. tli.SOr
3J0f Benleia. Winters. Sacramento.
Woodland, KBlk-hU Laadlaff.
Marysvtlle. OroTllle and way
• tatlon* '8'SX^
SXOr HsTward.Utlea and Way Stations.. 7-60»
S.SOr Port Costa. Martlacz. Byron.
Tracy. Lathrop. M o & o • « o.
Merced. Fresao and Way 8ta-
tioas beyond Fort Costa..... ... 12-2?»
5 SOr Martinez. Traoy. Stockton. Lodl... 10.20*
4.C0r Msrtlaei.8an Ramon, ValleJo,Napa,
Callitoga. Santa Rosa. ?2Sf
4 00* Ntlea. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl A.2Q*
4 30i- Hayward, Ntlea. lrrlngtoo. Saa I t8.60*
Jose. Llrennore > ti 1.30*
6 OOp The Owl Limited— Nawtnan. Los
Banos. Mendoia. Fre.no. TuUrs,
BakertSeJd. Los Angeles.
Golden Suta Limited Bleeger.
Oakland to Los Angeles, (er CM-
eaf o, Tla C. R. I. * P *-*9*
6 HOr Port Costa. Tracy. Stockton ....... 12-ZQ*
to 30r Hayward. KUes aad San Jos* ..... . / 20*
B.OOp Hayward. Nile, aad Sin Jo.e I 9.aO*
6-OGi" £a.tern Express— Og^P. Dearer,
Omaha, St. Loal.. calcago aad
KaiL Port Co.U. Beolcla. SjI-
iud, Elmlra. Darls. Sacramento,
Rocklln, Auburn, Colfax,
Tniekee, Boea. Reno. Wad*-
worth. "Wtnaemacca 5-Zt*
S.OOp Vallelo. dally, except Sunday.... i 7 sa _
7-COr Vallelo. Sunday only I •••"•"
7X0r Klehmond. Saa Pablo, Port Costa, -O '
Martlnes and Way Stations 1141a
SXSr Oregon * California Kxnre.s— 8«o-
ramento, Mary.Tllle. Reddlsc.
Portland, Puget Sound and Katt. 8.50a
S.IOr Hayward. Nile, and Saa Jo.e (Sua-
dayonly) 11-88%
COAST LINE (Sarrim Uaag.).
(Foot of Maritet Street.)
' 8.16a Newark, CeatervlUe, Baa Jose,
Felton. Boulaer Creek. Saata
Crnt and Way Stations 6.53*
' t2.1&> Newark. Centerrllle. San Jose.
» New Alm»dea.Lo« Gstoo.Feltan,
Boalder Craek, Bants Crus and
FrlnclsalWay Station. tlO 55 v
4.18P Hewark. SanJo.e. Lo.Oatoa and • +3.55*
way.uttons > :10 53 a
•9 ZOr Hunters Train, Saturday only. Saa
Jose and Way Buttons. Return-
ing from Lo. Gatoa Sunday only. XT 28'
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAM *"KA> CISCO. Foot of Market St. <SMp*>
— 17:13 »:00 11:00 a.m. 1.00 300 6.15 T.M.
From OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — t«:0O ti:Ot
tS:03 10:00 a.m. 12-00 2 00 4 00 p.m.
COAST LINE (Broad Uan*e).
KIT (Third and Townsend Streets.)
8.10a Saa Jose and Way Station. 6.30*
7 00a San Jo.e and Way Stations 5 38p
8.00* New Almaden (Tue».. Frld., oaly), 4.13?
% 00a The Coaster — Stops only San Joso.
Oflroy (connection for Bol!la>
tar). Pajaro. CaatroTllla (con-
nection to and from Monteray
and Paclflc Oiore), Saltnas. Saa
Ardo. Paso Roblea. Sanu Mar-
garita. San Lais Obt.pn, principal
stations thence Barf (oonnectloa
for Lompoc), principal .tatlona
thence Santa Barbara.9.n Bueaa-
Tentarm. Smajtut. Lo* Angelea... 18-419
8.00a gaa Joae. Tres Plnoa. Capltola.
8anuCms,PacJflc GroTe.Sallnaa,
Saa Lnis Oblspo and Principal
War Stations _ 4.10*
1030a 8an Joie and Way Station. 1.207
11 -10 a Santa Clara. Baa Jo.e, Los Oatos ,
and Way Buttons 7.30-
1-30r Ban Jo*« and Way Buttons ... ••-• 838*
5 OOP Del Monta Expre.s — Santa Clara.
Ban Joaa. Del Monte, Monterey.
" PaelSc Grore (connect* at Santa
Clara for Sanu Crui, Boulder
Creek and Narrow Gauge Potato
st Gtlroy for Rolll.ter. Tres
Plnos. st Castmrille forSattaa*. 12-1Sv
3-30r Tres Pino. Way Passenger 10 45*
430p Ban Jose and way Station.. ....... tS.OO*
tSOOP Saa Jo.e, <rU BnnU Clara) Loa
Gatoa. and Principal Way Sta-
tion* (except flnndar) .— ... tS.OO*
SS-JCr BanJo.eandPrlnclpalWarSUUani 13.40*
6-C0r Bnniet Limited.— Redwood. Saa
Joaa.Gllroy.SaHnaf.Puo Koblea,
fiaa Luis Oblspo, Santa Barbara,
L«* Angeles, Demtna. El Pa*o,
New Orleam. New Tork. Con-
nects at Pajaro for Santa Cm
and at Castrorm* for Pscils
Grore and Way Station*. ....... 7.18*
t8-1b> San jlateo.Bere.ford.BelTBOBt.8aa
Carlos, Itedwood. Fair Oaka,
MealoPsrk. Palo Alto t&48*
8 30* San Jose and Way Stations......... 8.39*
I.OOf Palo Alto-sad Way Buttons../.... 18.18*
11.30* Soutn8anFrtncisco. MUlbr*e,Btre-
liasame. San Mateo. Belmont,
San Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oak*.
i Menlo Park, and P.lo Alto...... 8MS»
ali.Ur Mayftald. Mountain View. Sonar*
Tale, Lawrence. Sanu Clara aad
Ban Joae 1X4*^
A far Mornlag. P for Af teraco*.
1 Bandar ezeepted. I Sunday oaly
a Satardaj only.
(Stop* at all statloa. oa Sunday.
W~O«ly train* stopptnjt at VaJencJa St. sosKkaaaM
»re»: 10 a.M, 7:00a J«, 11:30 a.m.. 8:30 »jiu«:30jvm-*«3
t:«8fJt
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RI CO.
LESSEE 'A <
SAN FRANCISCO ANu NORTH PACIF1S
EA1LWAT COMPA3TT.
TIburoa Terry, root of ZCaxkrt Bttrwft*
SAW FRANCISCO TO SAW 3A7A£Xm
WEEK DAYS— 1:30, 9:00. U:0U a. m.; 12:33.
3:30, 3:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — EJtx* trta
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays— Kxtra. trip at 1:80 and 11:34 pl m,
SUNDAYS— S.w. 9:30. 11:00 a. m,; 1:34,
3:30. 0:00. e:2O. 11:30 p. ra.
SAW BAPAEL TO SAW FSAHCI3CO.
WEEK DAYS — 6:05. 7:33. 7:5<\ 9:20. UU4
a. in.; 12:50. 3:40, 5:00. 9:20 p. m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:33 p. ra.
BUNDAYS-8:0O, 8:40, U;13 a. m,; 1:*<L
3:40. 4:55. 8:05. 6:25 p. m.
Leare I In Effect I Arrtr.
Saa Francisco. I Sept. 27. 1803. [San Francisco.
Week t Bun- I De.tlna.- I Sun- I Waefc'
Pays. I days. \ Uon. { day*. | Daya.
T:30a 8:00 a 9:10a 8:40a
9:30 a X«oac!o 10:40 a 10:20 »
3:30 p 3:30 p 6:05 d 6:20 b
6:10 p 8:00 p 7;33p
1:30 a ~ 8:10 a 8:40 »
8:00 a Novato. 10:40 a 10:20 *
3:30 p »:3Oa Pitalum* 6:05 p tt:20 o>
6:10 p 3:30 p and 7^3 p
ft:00 p SaaU Rosa. -
7:20 * .«a »_, 10:40al0;20»
8:30 p l%l rnlt0 °- 7:MP 8:20g
"Windsor. — — — —
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsburx. 10:40 a 10:20 a
Lytton,
8:30p 3:30 p Geyserville. 7:33p 6:20 a
Cloverdale. ••¦«»¦)
7 :30 a. 8:00 a Hopland 10:40 a 10-20 »
»:30p 3:30 p and Uklah. 7:35 p ilioj
7:30a|a:C0a| ¦ WnilU. \ 7T35~p| 6:20 p
7:3Oa| 8:00 al |10:4Oall0.20 a
3:3Op|3:3Op| GoernavHle. {7:35 p| e:20 9
7:30 al 8:0O al Sonoma. I 9:10 al 840 a
6:10 p| 5:00 p| Glen Ellen. |e:OSp| 6l20 p
;:30ai-:00a| •-- " (10:40 a|10:2o a
3:3Op|3:3Op| Sebastopot | 7:23 p| 6:2O 9
STAGES connect at Green TJrae for San
Quentln; at Santa. Rosa, for Wnlta Sulphur
tprlngs: at Fulton for-Altrurla, and Mark West
Springs: at Lytton for Lytton Springs- at Oev.
tenrllle for Skassrs Springs; «t Cloverdale for
th* Geysers, toonevllle and Greenwood- It
Hopland for Springs. Highland Springs.
KelaeyvUle. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay LakaL
por* and Bartlett Springs: at Ukiah for Vichv
Springs. Saratoga Sprlns». Clue Lakes. L-urii
Uell Lake. Witter Spring,. i; pp «. r u. k J. p£™
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. Llerlv,
; Ducknells. Sanhedrln Heights. HullvlUe OrJ,
, Hot Springs. Halfway House. Comptche" cimn
: Stevens. Hopkln*. Mendi^ctno City. Fort Tirar*
W'estport. t;sa!: at willits for Fort BrtzV
Westixirt. Slierwood. Cahto. Covelo Lawton
ville. Cumminns. ¦ Belfs Springs. Harris, at
sen-a. Dyer. Uarbervllle. Fep^erwood. Scot'I
and Eureka. T^rt l **^' l *»
- Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at r»-
; duced rates. " . *^^
I On Sunday round-trio tickets to all ooint*
t beyond San Hafael at half rates. *"»="
I taTldlns ° fflCe " °° MarkM •«"•«• ¦CtowUeto'
j H. C. WHITINO. R. X. RTAK.
I Gen. ilana^er. Gen. Paam. AmK.
VIERA— In this city. March 10, 1904, Joseph,
¦ beloved husband of Annie Viera, and loving
father .of Josephine , Viera. a native of
Azores Islands, Portugal, aged 29 years and
20 days. A member of Barbers' Union,
Local 148, J. B. I. U. of A.
WOLK— In this city. March 18. 1004. Jean
Wolk. beloved father of Jules Wolk, father-
in-law cf Mrs. JuUs Wolk. and grandfather
of Ida and Emlle Wolk, a native of Groano,
Pologne. aged 00 years 8 months and o days.
tCTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
March 20, at 2 o'clock, trom the residence
of his son. 14CS Jackson street. Interment
Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
YOUXG— In Alameda. Cal., March 18. 1004.
John Young, brother of Mrs. M. Taylor of
Malone. N. Y.. and Robert Young, and uncle
of Jessie C. and J. G. Young of Alameda. a
native of Canada, aged 70 years.
(CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from I. O.
O. F. Hall, under the auspices of the Odd
Fellows' Board of Relief. Interment Oak-
land Crematorium.
CARD OF THANKS.*
The children of the late Mrs. Minna Roh-
rer wish to express their elncerest thanks
to the many friends for the sympathies shown
them during their late bereavement.
MR. and MRP. G. H. MOULTON. and
WILLIAM J.. FREDERICK J.. KARL and
THEODORE ROHRER.
HOLMSTROM— In this city. March 18, l»O4.
Albert, dearly beloved husband of Mary
HolraKtroni, and devoted father of Carl A.
Holmetrom, a native of Finland, aged 42
years 10 months and 14 days.
CTRemalns at the parlors of Charles J.
B. MeUler. C3C Washington street.
HOUSTON— In this city. March 15. 1904.
Carter Houston, beloved husband of Jennie
B. Houston, and father of Charlea J. Hous-
ton, and brother of Mrs. AV. H. Smith, a na-
tive cf ICew Hampshire, aped 01 years.
(C7"Friend« and acquaintances and com-
rades of the G. A. n. are respectf ully in-
vited to attend the funeral, which will be
held under the auspices of George H. Thomas
Tost No. 2, G. A. K.. at their hall, 320 Post
, street, en Sunday. March 20. . at 1 o'clock.
!*"Tnterment George H. Thomas Pest plat, Xa-^
. tlonal Cemetery. Presidio. Remains at the
parlors of A. XV. Martin & Co., 319 O'Farrell
street.
OFFICERS and members of Seven Pines Clr-
1 cle No.3, Ladies of G. A. R. — You are hereby
1 notified to attend the funeral of our late
comrade. Carter Houston, on Sunday after-
noon, at 1 o'clock, from George H. Thomas
Post, Red Men'n building. .T20 Post, street.
HENRIETTA HOWE. Prenldent.
ANNIE M. PHILLIPS. Sec, 1010 Polk st.
JACKSON— In Giant. Contra Costa County.
Cal., March 14, 1004, Farrar Jackson, son
of the late Dan and Frankie Jackzon. and
brother of Arthur. Walter. Ethel, Alice and
Dan Jackson Jr., a native of New York, aged
32 years and 0 months.
ICT'Frfends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
March 20, train leaving Giant at 10:15
o'clock, th*nce to West Berkeley, whera
services will be held at the Church of The
Good Shepherd, corner Ninth and Bristol
streets, at 11 o'clock. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery. •
JACOBS — In this city. March IS, 1904, Lee
Jacobs, beloved husband of Agatha Jacobs,
and father of Mrs. Fannie Spiro and Clar-
ence. Roland and Irene Jacobs, a native of
New Tork. axed 50 years.
JOHNSON— In this city. March 19, 1904. Wil-
liam Nell <Budd). beloved son of Albert and
Mary Johnson, and brother of Josie, All!'.
Emraett, Emily. Loretto, Alicia, Ray and the
late Leo Johnson, a native of San Francisco,
cged 10 years 10 months and 8 days. .
JONES — An anniversary mass will be cele-
brated for the rei<ose of the soul of the late
Mr*. Elisa Jones to-morrow (Monday). March
21. at 8 o'clock, at St. Joseph's Church, How-
ard and Tenth streets. Friends respectfully
invitf d to attend.
KANE— In this city, March IS, 1904, Cather-
ine Kane, a native of Ireland, aged 03 years.
lETFriends are respectfully Invited ;to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Monday), at
S:."0 o'clock, from the parlors of Carew &
Ensllch, 2a Van »»s avenue, thence to St.
Joseph's <"hurch. where a requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repoce of her soul, com-
mencing at » o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
KAKMAN- In Elmhurst. Cal.. March IS, 1904.
George, dearly beloved husband of Ursulla
Karman. a native of O«rmany. aged 44 years
11 month!* and 21 days.
Cy Funeral to-day, at 2 o'clock, from the
Presbyterian Church, Elmhurst. Interment
San Lorenzo Cemetery.
LAWSON— In this city. March 18, 1904. Al-
• bert. lovins hurband of Catherine Lawson.
and f&ther of Mrs. Charles Kauffman, Mrs..
Charles DtCoursy. Mrs. J. R. Meyer, Miss
Carrie Lawson, Albert W.. Robert and Wal-
ter Lcwson, a native of Xew York, aged 76
year*.
icy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 518 Bartlett street, thence to St.
Paul's Church for services. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery, by electric funeral car.
Kindly omit flpwers.
; LIESE— In East Oakland. March 18. 1904, al
1113 Twelfth avenue. Anna Martha Liese,
beloved mother of Arthur H. Llese. and be-
; loveu aunt of Mrs. Charles A. Gove, Mrs.
¦ Loui&a Holmes and Mrs. E. A. Rodrers, a
! native of Germany, aged C3 yfars 10 months
and G days. A member of Brooklyn Re-
; bekah Lodce No. 12. I. O. O. F.. and the
Veteran Rtbekihs. ' East Oakland: Temple
> No. 17, Rathbone Sisters, and the Assistant
Pioneer Women of California. -
GTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
! fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
'?Sunday), at 2:30 c'olock. from the Brooklyn
Presbyterian Church. East Fifteenth street
and Twelfth avenue. East Oakland.
McGRATH— In thl» city, March 19. 1904,
Thomas F.. dearly beloved husband of Bell
McGrathf loving father of Marie and Frank
McGrath, and brother of John J. McGrath,
Mre. J. Hickey of Alameda and Mrs. W.
Dwyer, a native of Tipperary. Ireland, aged
36 j-ears.
E1T Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, S5794 Minna street, thence to St. Pat-
! rick's Church, where a requiem high mass
i will be celebrated for the repose of his souj,
i at 8:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cem-
etery.
MICHAELS — In this city. March 18, 1904,
Isaac, beloved husband of Esther Michaels,
and beloved father of Louis Michaels, a na-
tive of Germany, aged tS4 years.
ICTFrlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral service to-day, March
20 nt 10:15 o'clock, at the chapel of N.
Gray & Co. 353 Sutter street. Interment
Hills of Eternity Cemetery, by train leaving
ThirJ and Towrusend streets at 11:30 o'clock.
Please omit flowers.
MILLER — Friends and acquaintances are re-
spectfully invited to attend the anniversary
solemn requiem higrh mass for the repote
of the. soul of Fannie de C. Miller, at 10:30
o'clock. Tuesday. March 22, at St. Raph-
ael's Church, San Rafael.
MULLER— In this city. March 19. 1WM. Her-
mann F.. beloved of Fannie Muller,
a native of New York, aged 50 years and
17 days.
JT7" Friends are invited to ¦ attend the
funeral Monday, March 21. at 2 o'clock, at
Masonic Temple, corner of Post and Mont-
gomery streets. Interment private.
NIEMEYER— In this city, March 16. 1904,
Henry Niemeyer. beloved brother of Mrs.
Minna Jahrand of Wreden an der Aller, Ger-
many, and Wllhelm Niemeyer of Neemezel
Etubben, Bremen, a native of Germany, aged
44 yars 1 month and 5 days.
JE?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of the H. F. Maass Company, 017 Mis-
sion street, where services will be held
under the ausrjlces of Court Sunflower No.
187, Foresters of America. Interment Odd
Fellows' Cemetery.
NUTTALL— In Nap*. Cal.. March 19. 1904,
Aijygrail Xuttall of Oakland, beloved wife o£
Thomas Xuttall, a native of Pennsylvania,
aged 44 years 7 months and 7 days.
O'BRIEN— An anniversary requiem mass will
be celebrated Monday. March 21. at 9 o'clock,
at St. Vincent de Paul's Church, Stelner
and Gre«h streets, for the repose of the soul
of Mary O'Brien, wife of Patrick O'Brien,
and mcther of Mrs. Holmes and Mrs. Casey,
also of .the late Mrs. Nellie Gallagher.
Friends .are invited to attend.
OLIVER— In this city. March 19. 1904, Mis&
Addie A. Oliver, sister of Willis A. Oliver of
Santa Cruz.
C7" Notice of funeral hereafter.
OLSEN— In this city. March 18, 1904, Oscar,
beloved son of Oluf and Mathilda Olsen, and
brother of Martin, Arthur. Walter and Agata
Oleen, a native of San Francisco, aged 10
years 4 months and 23 days.
XZT Friends and acquaintances ar« respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, S22 Eighth street, near Bran-
nan. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
ORANS — In this city. March 18. 1904. John E.
Jr.. dearly beloved and only son of John and
May Orans. • brother of Elizabeth Orans and
grandson of John and Elizabeth Orans and
the late Julia Jackson, a native of San Fran-
cisco, ared ;; years 0 months and 20 days.
CT'Fiiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday). March 20, at 1 o'clock, from the
residence of Charles A. Jackson. 421 Harriet
str»'.t. between Sixth and Seventh, Brannan
and Townstnd. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
PIERCE— In this city. March 18, 3904, Fred er-
' Ick Pierce, beloved father of Fred Pierce,
Mrs. A. Lynngreen. Mrs. J. Hughes, Mrs.
J. Mattson and the late Mrs. J. Bruce, a na-
tive of England, aged 57 years and 3 days.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-da)
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from' the funeral
parlors of Theodor Dlerks. 857 Mission street,
where services will be held under the aus-
pices of Myrtle Lodge No. 11, K. of P. In-
terment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
QUINN and SCHULTZ— A solemn requierr
high mass will be celebrated for the repost
of the souls of the late Peter J. Qulnn anc
Mrs. Ros&nna Schultz at St. Patrlck'i
Church, Mission street, between Third anc
Fourth. Monday, March 21. at 10 o'clock.
Friends and acquaintances are respectfully
invited to attend. \ -
ROBART— In Oakland, Cal., March 17, 1004
August F. Robart, beloved ton of Mary anc
the late 'Jules Robart, i and - brother of Theo-
dore Robart and Mrs. N. D. Ryan.': a natlvi
of Ean Francis co, Cal., aged 36 years i
U months and IS days. •
' C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral on Sun'
• day, March 20, 1004, at 2 o'clock, from his
late residence. 818 Chester street; Interment
St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
SCHMIERER— In this city. March 10. 1904,
Mrs. Minnie J. Schmierer. beloved ¦ wife ol
George R. Schmierer. and sister of P. W.
and Edward Pyne and Mrs. T. J. Barrett,
a. native of Ireland. ' >H MlifliU'i'Lj y\l j_l.
- C7Frienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend .the funeral to-daj
(Sunday), at 11 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 419 Nineteenth avenue, Richmond dis-
trict. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
EHAW— In this city. March 18. 1904. William
Shaw, a native of Scotland, aged 40 years.
C7Fri«nds and acquaintances, are respect-
fuljy invited to attend- the funeral Sunday,
March 20, ¦ at- 1 o'clock, from the mortuarj
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany. 2475 Mission street, near Twenty-first
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
SISTER ANTONIA— In this city, - March 19
1904, at Mt. St. Joseph's Infant Orphan Asy
lum. "Sister Antonia. , •
CC7"Notlc« of funeral hereafter.
BUTTON— In thin city. March '18. l»04. Johi
Sutton, a native of Maryland, aged 49 yean
1 month and 1 day. -
, VAOT— In this city,' March 18, 1904. Infan
son of Jacob and Lizzie Vast, a native o
| San Francisco
KAILWAY TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA
.LIMITED TO CHICAGO
LEAVES DAILY
at 9 :3O a- m., through In 3 days,
with diner and all tranolnjrs.
Other Santa T« Traiait
7:30 a. m. 1 . for Stockton. Fresno, Bakersfleld
8-00 Si S.J Merced ' Hanlord aad Vlaalla. ,
4:00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET OrnCES— 641 Market St. and
Terry Depot. 8. P. Alio 1113 Broad-
way, Oakland. CaL 37 South First St,
San Jose.
BTOSANRAFAEL,
ROSS VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc
1 Via Samallto Perry.
Suburban Service. Standard Gauge Electric—
Depart Irom San Francisco Dally 7:00, 8:00,
» :00. 10:00. 11:00 a. m.. 12:20. 1:45, 3:15. 4:15,
6-15. 8:15, 7:00. 8:45. 10:20. 11:45 p. m.
FKOM SAX KAFAEL. TO SAX FRAXC1SCO
—Dally. 5:25. «:35. 7:40. 8:35. 0:35. 11:05 a.
m.. 12:20. 1:45. 2:55. 3:45. 4:45. 5:45. B:45.
8*45 10:20 O. m.
FROM MILL VALLET TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO— Daily. B:<5. C:55. 7:52. 8:35. O-.tt,
11:20 a. m..- 12:35. 2:00. 3:15. 4:05. 8:03. 6:03.
7 -Co 9:00. 10:35 p.' m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
8:00 a. m. dally — Cazadero and way stations.
-5:15 p. tn. week days (Saturday exempted)—
Tomales and Tray stations. / ¦..^•-
3:15 p. tn. Saturdays — Cazadero and way
stations. -¦
Sundays only— 10 a. tn.. Point Reyes and
vty stations.
TICKET OFFICE— €28 Market et.
FKRBY— TTnlon T>pot. foot of Market st.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
T , . Laave TkSrmliia ttrrj Arrive
*¦ Saarrandaco Fast rf lUrkst sX SanPrandac*
Week Sun- m Son- I Week
Days, day* >(S582§55&V days Daw
•nr«i»8:oo; fjaimakaft i*»o»rre74oi
•VAlr »:OOa HSSfiB l:Hr*:5»r
•s16p1O:OOa wShikcS|7 »:»Or 5:3Op
, 11:OOa \?53§>y 4:SOr «:50*
flCIIT |826MAJUcrrST.,(Nortl» Shore Railroad)
tmSB I aad SAVtAUro riuT, Foot Market StM. Griffiths, a French' scientist, has
discovered evidence of radfo-activit>
in the petals of several flowers, in
cluding verbenas, sunflower* and
geranium*
LONDON. March 10. — The offerings at the
wool auction -sales to-day amounted ; to • 12.8.T7
bales in rood condition. .The demand was
spirited and full prices were paid for cro3s
breds. French buyers took scoured locks and
second lambs. America purchased - a fair
quantity of medium crossbred* and fine me-
London Wool Sales.
FOR SATURDAY. MARCH 10.
. Flour ; qr sks '. .¦15,S38|Hay. tons ....." 292
Wheat ¦ ctls~ . . . . 1.583 Straw. . tons . . . . 10
Bariey". . ctls .... 1,090 Sugar, ctls .... 1,500
Beans, sks .... 77 Tallow, ctls ... 217
Potatoes,' sks .*.' 2,215 Hides, No. .... 302
Onions sks ... 1,324 Pelts, No 215
Bran ' sks .... . .COO Leather, rolls .. si
' Middlings. 8ks.. ¦ 50| Quicksilver, flks 72
KhortB. *ks ... . 200| Lime. , bbls .... 408
Feed, sks "{Paper, reams .V. 6.T5
Wool, bales ... 401 Wine, gals ..... 04.125
' OREGON. •
• Flour qr sks .. 2.8981 Bran, sks .-....'.. 1.S30
Wheat, ctls .... 12,«Ki| Middlings, j »*¦..¦ . 31»
Oats, ctls ..... 0121 Shorts, ska .... Boo
Receipts of Produce.
The week closed with Butter and Cheese not
materially changed. Butter continues In good
condition for. sellers, stocks being moderate ana
tho v local demand good. Dealers continue to
complain .of the extreme difficulty they find
in moving their old Cheese. .? .- „ ,<--,.,.»
¦ Light v receipts -and ' a brisk demand - have
again t advanced. Eggs. -.Retailers ¦ have ad
vanced their retail prices to 25o ; for ranch,'
.which enables them to pay a wholesale price
of 20c. There is an especially lively Inquiry
store Esg3. which sell as fast as. they land
here. Speculators In cold storage stock con
tinue to buy heavily In the country, and this
is the main cause of the advance here, though
the reduced supplies > have also a : good -, dejtl to
do with It. v-' . '
Receipts were 44,500 lbs Butter, 1386 cases
Ecss and 1700 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery at first hands. 22c for
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Wheat — . March. May, July
Opening Nominal 6 7 0 ti«
Closing Nominal 6 7 6 e^i
PARIS,
Wheat— * March. Sept.-Dec.
Opening 21 «5 21- HO.-
Closing '. -..;'... 21 70 21 65
Flour — ¦
Opening .....28!M) 29 50
Closing- 23 05 . 2U 45
LIVERPOOL.
Foreign Futures.
CHICAGO. March 19.— On the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was steady.
Creameries. 14©23>£e; dallies, 12^4@21c; eggs
steady at 15U@10>,4c; cheese, easy at lO&eiic
Miscellaneous Markets.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, lfj@18o per lb;
Geese, per pair, $2@2 25; Goslings, $2®2 23;
Ducks, $5 50® 6 50 per dozen for old and $6 50a
7 50 for young; Hens. $6G0@7 60 for large and
$5 50<g6 for small: young Roosters. W 50® 7 50"
old Roosters. $5©3 60:, Fryers, $5 50@6; Broil
ers. $5@5 60 for large and $4 50@5 for small;
Pigeons. $1 25@1 50 per dozen for old and $2 29
©2 50-for Squabs. ¦ .
GAME — Gray Geese, $3 per dozen; Whlti
Geese.- $1@1 25; Brant. $1 50 for email an.l $1
for large; Honkers. $4@5; English Snipe, $3 50
common Snipe. $1 BO; Wild Pigeons, $1 60:
Rabbits, $1 60@2 for Cottontails and $101 25
for Brush; Hare.- $!©!¦ 25.
The demand for Poultry was light, but as
receipts -were .likewise »rlces were unchanged
and the markfet closed the week fairly steady
with very little stock left on hand. Five cars
of Western were marketed dUTingr the. weejc
Game arrivals wero light and previous prfecs
ruled for all descriptions.
Poultry and Game.
SHEEP— Receipts, 3000. Sheep and Iambi
steady. Good to choice wethers. $4 25@5 °5
fair to choice mixed $3 50@4 50; -.Western
sheep, $3 25ft;5 25; native lambs, $4 50(35 50-
Western lambs. $4®5 75. .
CHICAGO. March 10.— CATTLE— Receipts.
400. Nominal. Good to prime steers, $5 25P
5 75; poor to medium. $3 50®5; utockers and
feeders. $2 50@4 30; cows. $1 CC@4; heifers,
$2 6004 50; canntrs. $1 C0®2 50; bulls $2@i
calves. $3©6 25: Texas fed steers, $4@5.
HOGS — Receipts: To-day. 10,000; Monday
40.000. Steady. Mixed and butchers S5 20a
5 30; good to choice heavy. $5 33® 5 4 i- rourh
heavy. $5 25©5R5; light, $4 86@5 30; bulk of
sales 55 25@5 30.
CHICAGO.
Livestock Market.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 70
7^0 per lb; White Lead. 7@7%c, according to
quantity. , .
SUGAR— The "Western Sugar' Refining Com
pany quotes aa follows, per lb. In 100-lb bass:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed, .\.65c:
Powdered. 5.50c; -Candy ¦ Granulated. 5.50c:
Dry Granulated, fine. 5.40c; Dry Granu
lated ~: coarse, 5.40c: Fruit Granulated. ."1.4Ac;
Beet Granulated (100-lb bags only), 5.30c;
Confectioners' A. 5.40c; Magnolia A. 8c;
Extra C, 4.00c; Golden C, ¦ 4.S0c: - "D."
4.7Cc; barrels, 10c more; half barrels, 25c more;
boxes. -• 50c more; SO-lb bags. 10c more for all
kinds. Tablets — Half barrels, 5.90c: boxes.
«.15c; H. & E.. Crystal Domtnos. 8.40c D«r lb.
No orderB taken, for less than seventy- five bar
rels or its equivalent. ,
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil, in bulk
lie; Pearl OH. in case's, 20^c; Astral. 20U C -
Star, 20&c; Extra Star, 24V4c; Elaine. 20i4c;
Eocene,- 23%c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline, In
bulk, 16c: In cases. 22V£c: Benzine. In bulk,
13c; in cases. lO^c: 86-dcgree Gasoline In
bulk,' 25c: in cases, 31c. .•
TURPENTINE — 84c per gallon in cases asd
7Sc In drums and Iron barrels. 4 -¦
General Merchandise.
BAGS — Grain Bags, 5Hc spot and 5%c June-
July; Can Qu;ntln, $5 25; Wool Bags. 32335c;
Fleece Twine, 7i4@t)c. . •
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Wel
lington, $S; Seattle, $6 50; Bryant. $6 50; Bea
rer Hill. $6: Stanford. $7; Hoslyn.' $7; Coos
Bay, $5 50; Greta. $7; Wallsend. $7;- Richmond.
$7 50; Cumberland, $13 In bulk and $14 25 In
sacks;. Pennsylvania Anthracite -Egg, $14;
Welsh Anthracite Egg, $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 60; Cannel. $8 50 per ton; Coke, $11 50(913
per ton in bulk and $15 In sacks; Rocky Moun
tain descriptons, $11 45 per 2000 lbs and $12 80
per long ton. according to brand.
OILS— Quotations are for barrels; fer cases,
add 5c; Linseed. 49c per gallon for boiled and
47c for raw: Castor Oil, in cases. No. 1, 70c:
Bakers* A A. $1 1O@1 12: LucoI. 45c for boiled
and 43c for raw; China Nut. «;0©70c per gallon;
Cocoanut Oil. In barrels, 58c for Ceylon and 55c
for Australian; extra bleached winter Sperm
Ol!. 85c: natural winter Sperm 'Oil, 80c: extra
bleached winter Whale Oil. 65c; natural WhaU
Oil, 60c: extra winter strained Lard OH, 75c>
No. l.Lard Oil. 60c; pure Neatsfoot Oil. 73c;
No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil. 65c; light Herrin* - Oil.
45c;dark Herring Oil. 43c: Salmon Oil. 88c;
boiled Fl*h Oil. 40c; raw Pl«h Oil, 38c; boiled
Paint Oil. 35c; raw Paint Oil. 33c.
CHICAGO, March 10. — Cash quotations were
as follows: Flour quiet and easy: No. 3 spring
wheat, 80S97c; No. 2 red, Ol-TiQDliifcc; No. 2
corn. 51 No. 2 yellow, 6214c: No. 2 oats
39»iif? : «>%c: No. 3 white, 40^©43>4c; jj o . 2
rye, 7Oft71c; good feedinjr barley, 3*><g4Oc; fair
to choice malting, 45@G5c: No. 1 flaxseed,
$10S; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 13V»; mess pork,
per bbl. $13 26@13 37%; lard, per 100 lbs.
$6 S0@0 S2>^; short riba tides (!'X>s»), $6 02^
« 05; hhort clear sides (boxed), $7 25@7 37V4;
whisky, basis of high wines, ?1 28; clover,
contract crade, $10 75.
Articles — . Receipt*. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 34,200 ' 40,000
Wheat, bushels ::<S,4no 18,800
Corn, bushels' 221.500 141,900
Oats, bushels 272,700 217,1)00
Jiyc, bushels 16,200 8,800
Barley, bushels 60,100 ¦ 2S.600
Cash Grain and Provisions.
"In my own case it has been a great
blessing in at least one way, for fel
lows with long necks, you know, do not
look so well when you harness them
up In low collars. My neck is long, long
as a crane's, and the high collar has
kept me from leaving too much of it
exposed. Why, I've got so much neck
that when I first began to wear low
collars I was almost ashamed to ven
ture out into the street. I felt like I
was but half-dressed, and the feeling
was not so far wrong at .that, for the
low collar does leave a good part of my
anatomy open and aboveboard, as it
were.
"But this fact does not bother ma
now. I simply don't care at all. Ex
posed neck is a whole lot better than
headache, you know, old chappy. I
¦was speaking of headache Just now.
That's what I wanted to tell you about
The high collar do<s something more
than interfere with one's circulation.
It scratches and irritates the skin,
keeps one's chin at an unreasonable
uncomfortable and unnatural angl*
and. causes one to acquire a nervous
frigidity.of habit
"When you meet your friend who is
in the habit of wearing a high collar
pay particular attention to the way ha
moves and holds his head. It ° isn't
at all natural. It Is all due to the
high collar. Mark you, there are high
collars and . high collars. Some of
them ' approach rationalism In neck
dress. - Others are about as far from
it as it is possible to get without en
gulfing the whole head. Bat,' pt
course, every fellow to his own liking
in these matters. I wear low eol)ar»
because they are comfortable and be
cause I believe the high collar is a
producer of headaches and a bad thing
for one's nerves generally." — Dallas
News. (m£h
"You may not know it, old fellow,
but there is a very intimate connection
between the high collar and the head
ache," said an observant man, "and I
have proved my faith in toe statement
by refusing to wear collars of the high
sort. It is a bad business, my boy.
High collars choke up the veins and
arteries and interfere to some extent
with the circulation of the blood in the
neck and head. Do not understand me
to be knocking any particular brand of
high collars. • So far aa the appearance
of the high collars is concerned, I con
fess that I like It. -j
One Man Says Fnrther That They
Arc Bad for One's
" Xervcs.
POTATOES— Burbanks trom the river, 95c#
$1 15 per ctl: Oregon Burbanks,- $1 15@1 33
per ctl; River Reds. $1@1 10 per ctl; small
Oregon Burbanks for seed, fOc@$l p^r ctl-
Garnet Chiles, $1@1 10 per ctl;' Early Rose!
$140@l"60 per ctl; Sweet Potatoes, nominal?
new Potatoes. 3%c per lb.
ONIONS— Vellow, $2 2&g2 60 per ctl for Ore
gon and $2 73@2 63 for Nevada n; Green Onions
10'S50c per box. - V^ .
VEGETABLES — Asparagus, S@10c per lb
for extra, C@7c for* No. 1 and 4<&5o for No. 2;
Rhubarb, J1Q2 per box; Green Peas. 2@4c
per lb for i/cs Angeles and 4@7c for bay;
String Beans, 15^2Oc per lb; Tomatoes, $10
1 60 per bos or crate for Los Angeles and
61 25@1 75 for Mexican f'Summer Squash from
Los Angeles, — — ! per box; Cabbage,
$1 10' per ctl;' Carrots,* 5O0 per sack;
Hothouse Cucumbers, $131 2S per dozen;
Garlic, 6©6c per lb; "Egg Plant, I6@20c
per lb; Dried Peppers. 6@8c.per lb for Stock
ton and lGfiPlSVrfjc for southern: Dried Okra.
10@12i4c per lb; Green Peppers, 10@15c per lb
for Chile and 20@25c for Bell; Mushrooms, 150>
25c per lb: Marrowfat Squash, l@l>io per lb;
Hubbard, *ic per lb.
Trading In vegetables was rather light for a
Saturday, as the rainy weather "kept many
buyers away from the market. Prices 0* As
paragus declined sharply under heavy receipts,
1000 boxes being received. The market closed
weak, with several, hundred boxes unsold. Re
ceipts of Rhubarb were 346 boxes and prices
had a wide range as to quality. Several deal
ers, who had purchased supplies from the
growers at $2 per box, were obliged to sell for
lee* In order to clean up. Consigned lots of
choice stock were offered at $1 60 per box, and
sales above that flsure were rare. The Grow
ers 1 Association announced that the prices for
the coming week would be $1 50 for choice and
80c for standard f. o. b. San Lorenzo. Tho
other vegetables were In moderate supply and
prices showed but slight variation.
The Potato market was heavily supplied, re
ceipts being liberal and carrled-over stock
abundant. Trade was very quiet and previous
prices ruled for all descriptions. Some fancy
lots of Oregon Onions came in and sold at a
slight advance. Old stock continued plentiful
and dull at unsteady rates. Green were In
Xreo supply and lower.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
HIGH COLLARS SAID
TO CAUSE HEADACHE
HOGS— Live Hobs. 140 to 200 lbs. 57i@6c:
over 200 lbs. 5Vi@3%c; soft Hogs. • 4*i@5c;
Sows, 20 n«r cent off; Boars. 60 per cent oft,
and Stags, 40 per cent off from above quota
tions.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered in San Francisco, less 50
per cent fchrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers, 8@0c; Cow» and Heifers,
7@f>c; thin Cows. 4®5c per lb.
CALVES— AQiMc per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 4%@5c; Ewes, 4$4<W%o
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS — 5»ifi:6c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
DRESSED MEATS.
• Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows-::
BEEF— 7@8c for Steers and 6%©7c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Lan?e, 8<88%e: small. 8®9»Jc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 9tf01Oc; Ewes. Ogfl^c
per lb.
LAMB— Fall.- -12»4©13c; Spring. 15®lGc.
PORK— Dr-ssed Hogs. 7@8%o per lb.
There is no further change in anything.
Supplies are about equal to the demand,
though packers say that choice Hogs are not
coming in as freely as desirable.
Meat Market.
Tho weather is against any active move
ment in Beans, even if the demand were brisk,
and it is not. The feeling however. Is re
ported fairly steady at unchanged prices.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 3032 50; Pea,'$3@3 25;
Butters. $3 50®3 75; small White. $3@3 15;
large White, $2 65@2 75; Pink, $3 20@3 35;
Red. $4 50@5; Lima. $3 20® 3 33; Red Kidneys.
$4 50®5: Blackeye, $2 15@2 20 per ctl; Horse
Beans. $2@2 50.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, $3 73(51: Yellow
Mustard $3@3 25; Flax $1 80@l 90; Canary,
&V£@5%c for Eastern; Alfalfa 14@14%c; Rape,
lV,©2c; Timothy, 6@6i/4c; Hemp 3&@3&c P«"
1b; Millet, 3@3%c; Broom Corn Seed, $20@21
per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Blackeye. $2 25®2 50 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about MsQlc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, Oftc; medium, 8Hc; light, 7%c; Cow
HiJes, 80 for heavy and 7%c for light; Stags,
Cc; Baited Kip. 9c; Salted Veal 10c; Salted
Calf, lie; dry Hides, 15@16o; dry Kip, 13c; dry
Calf. lSc; Shiepskins. shearlings. 25@30c each;
short Wool. 4<>£65c each; medium, 70@00c; long
Wool, $1@1 50; Horse Hides, «alt. $2 75 for
large and $2@2 50 for medium, $1 2o@l 73 far
small and 00c for Colts. Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large and $1 50 for medium. $101 25
for small and 50c for Colts. Buck Skins— Dry
Mexican. Sic; dry Salted Mexican. 25c; dry
Central American, 31c Goat Skins — Prime An
goras, 75c; large and smooth, 50c; medium,
35c; small, 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4%C4X£c per lb;
No. 2. 3VJS4P; grease. 2%@3c.
WOOL— Fall clip— San Joaquin Lambs*. 99
lie; Middle County. 11012c; Northern defect
ive, 9@10c; Nevada, 13$15c; Oregon, fine, 18&
10c; Oregon, medium, 17c per lb.
HOPS— 24627c per lb for California. 1903.
and 17^c for crop of 1904.
Hides, Talloiv, Wool and Hops.
The rainy weather rend-rs trade in these
goods light, but quotations show no further
change.
BRAN — S19@20 per ton.
MIDDLINGS — $27 50@29 per ton.
SHORTS— $19^20 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $24@25 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $2<J 50@31;
Jobbing. $32; Cocoanut Cake. $22023; Corn
Meal, $29 50®30 50; Cracked Corn, $30031:
Mixed Feed. $22023; Horse Beans. $30®
40 per ton; Broom Corn Feed, 90c per ctl.
. HAY — Wheat.* $14317 60; "Wheat and- Oat.
$14@10 50: Gat. S14 50@16; Wild Oat. ?l."t#15;
Barley $13015; Stock, nominal — none here;
Alfalfa ' $12013 50.
STRAW— 6O&70c per bale. ' .
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Bank Clearings.
'local bSLCk elearlncs for the week Just end
ed showed a tain of $4*0,730 over the corre
•pondlnr week of last year beinc $31.143.C74,
etrtlr.ft $V>.6C2,»44 In 1603. The clearings dur
lr.s the eame week In 1802 »rre $21.G27,fcS6.
Weather Report.
OTOth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FKANCISCO. March 1». 5 p. m.
The followlnr are the seasonal rainfalls to
«ate as compared with those of the same date
last season and rainfall in last 24 hours:
Last This Last.
Stations — 24 hours. Season, i^ason.
Eurek* 47. 'J3
Hed Bluff 10 23.65 21.12
Eacrainento SI 13.71 l.T:5S
fan Francisco M 1«.!W ir».<>5
Fresno Tr. 4.JW5 «.7J»
Independenoe Tr. 1.7<» 1.1*2
fan Luis OblsjK) «» 1«.61 14. M
Lc* Angelas Tr. . 4.J>6 10.22
Ean Diego OS 2.7(1 8.78
THE COAST RECORD.
C 2 g 3 tr. -3
3 n s? a *% %
I II II ll II I
ETATIONS. S 5|^3:3 5 •
:?=:": ?
• a a •
Bsker 29.1ft 4«i 34 SK Rain Tl2
C^ison 2».4J 54 46 SW Cloudy .44
Kui«ka 4S 2«
FicgtTufr 29. «4 58 'M SW Pt.Cldy .<«>
Fiwm 29.72 74 52 SW Cloudy Tr.
Faraljon 29.CS Z><\ 12 S Ra'.n .10
liiocp*>n<lence 29.M 72 ."2 S tncudy Tr.
Los Angeles. 2t>.*t4 »t* S«5 SW Cloudy Tr.
»lt Tamalpai».l"J.fi3 io 4.1 XW Rain .21
North Htad 41) «S
1'f.Icrmo 5S
Ph<x?nix 2S.t»> t-2 r.2 AV Clear .00
I'cctullo 1-.».S«> 4« 34 6E Rain .OS
Portland 23. <« T4 40 SW Pt.Cldy .51
Point BtftB.JS9.4t tS6 48 NW Cloudy .15
Red Bluff 23.64 «4 M W Pt.Cldy .10
ituMhurj? 21. ;;« «<» 42 HW Cloudy .P.tf
. .2".«.«6 (to fi2 SW Cloudv .31
Fait Lake 2v».5o W> 42 S=E Cloudy .01
i-*n Diega 29.1*4 «4 5S W Rain .08
6. L. Obispo. .2».t«t tW 52 t= Rain .««
battle 20.30 4<» :i« E Rain .18
3U.:H> CC 34 E Rain .14
Tttoorh 4')
Walla Walla. 29. ltl 4s 3s SW Riin .12
Wisafrauwa .SH.M :iH 4> K Cloudy .02
Yuira 21t.74 S6 C4 \V Clear .HO
WEATHER CONHITIOXS AND G1CXER.VL
FORECAST.
A storm of marked energy overlie* the Pa
<.;nc fc'lo;*. During the last 24 hours the pres
sure ha* fallen more than half an inch over
tht entire northern half of the Pacific Slcpe.
Ov«r Southern Washington and Northern Ore
gon it has fallen nearly an inch. At the
mouth of the Columbia River th« barometer
leading is 28.06 inches and the wind has
leached a velocity of 72 miles from the south.
High southerly winds prevail over the greater
1« rtion of the Pacific Ccast. t —
The rivers of Northern California are dan-
Porously hifih and will rise f'U higher Sun
cay. The followinr are the^lver readings:
Red Bluff 19.8, risine; Colura 2C.2, rising;
llaryevllle 18.1. rlsir^: Sacramento 24.4, rlB
ins; San Joaquin bridge 12.2, and Tchama 14.3,
ZslIIng.
Rain has fallen from Point Conception north
ward and also at San Diego. A thunder-storm
is renorted at Kacrameato.
Forecast rr.sd" at San Francisco for thirty
hcurs ending midnicht, March 20:
Northern California — Showers Sunday; brisk
to hitrh northerly wind.
Southern California — P.aln Sunday; brisk
•outhwent wind. ,
Nevada — Rain or enow Sunday; colder; high
southwrst vir.ds.
San Francisco and vicinity— Showers Sunday;
brisk rouihwest wind. A. G. McADIE.
District Forecaster.
EASTERN MAR-KETS.
Kczv York Money Market.
NEW YORK, March 19. — Close: Money on
call was nominal; do loan*.
Prime njweaotile paper — <ViS-*> per cent.
Sterling exchange— Finn, with actual busi
r.ess in barkers' bills at $4.87125^4.8725 for
<>nis.r.d and at $16130® 1.84 10 for sixty day
bills.
Posted rates— 54 85'54 fcS
Commercial bills — $4 83'4ff4 84.
Bar silver — 57c.
Mexican dollars — »4^c
Bonds — Government*, steady; railroads, flrm.
New York Stocks and Bonds.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks — Sales. High. Low. Close.
'Atchison 16,000 O»% 67*i «S«4
.Atchison pfd 1«K> «!*', K3"i HD*,
BnJt * Ohio 11.400 78";, 77% 7V*i
Bait & Ohio pfd t>$'
Ohr.aOf.n Pacific... 1,300 114 14 11314 iu»g
Cent of New Jersey jr.U
Chesapeake & Ohio S<i0 31 £ 11 11 .-jib;
Chicago Sc Alton... 300 M\ Zh\, SS^i
Chic»:ro At A !t pfd. '. .'. SI
«*fcicago & Gt W.. 600 15** uv 1514
Chlcaru & N W 100 ltifiU ]f«5'i lfis'
«*hicaio M A St P. 3O.C0O l«i*» ifZ J44"Vi
.€ti M & Et P pfd J78
Chi Term &. Trans 8»:
Cli! T & T pfd 100 20»4 20% S0%
C C 4 fit l^uli 75Vi
CV.ordf.o Southern 1 % u
<;olo Sou 1st pfd M '
»Y>lo S--3U 2d pta 4<:O 25=*- 1"5 25U
Ex-la A Hudson 1.4OO ISO's 15V 150i;
TX-la Lack *.- W
Denver & Rio Or 10%
!><?n £1 Hio Or pfd C7%
VMt 8.«*> 25S 2.M4 25%
K:1e Jit pM l,H«i »H% CZ% C4'i
Kri# Cd pfrf. ...... 500 41»i 41 41U
HocttbaT Va!l*y : 74
H<>ck \'ail«y pfd 7i»
!!'!noif Centre! ... l.«00 lTJ* t 128% 'lSi%
Iowa Central .. JJ
Iowa Central pfd :«i
Karisa* City S<--u 18--;
K C sou pfd 700 ::4>i :u :«u
Loati & Nath 2.7U1 1W. Idl 104',
Manhattan L ljm I4::«, 14:;t4 11:,^
Mrtropcl Kecuritics iM\ 7'J'i 7!» .. ~,K
Mptrojmi St IJy 1.400 !C3*i HO 1I1U
Minn & Ft I>rals .". T>O
M^tP & KauItSteM 7CO C3 til'J *:»;
WStP ic P fi V pM 1I0U
Mifsourt Pacific .. I.«0Q >»1 "i 91 III %
Mo Kan & Trxas.. 1.4"3 1S'« 17*i 19
M K & T pfd 411O 39 nS'i :s>
Nat P.R of Mex rfd «(K) .-R>; 57S SSVi
T.Vw York Central. MM 11«T* llC«i ll«;=i
N'!rfo!k & W«-5tern ZOO 57 :i 57 Ji .%7Vi
Norfolk A. W pfd S5
Ontario & Uettern. 21^4 21 21 U
Pr%nF.-lvatiU 45,:SOO 117»4 115 T 4 l'7ii
I'ltJe CCiStL.. 100 «2 Vi f!2V t «!2
Hradins: 3*.5<iO 44>i ' 42% 44U
F>adinp ltt p.'d 7s 11
R<*adlne 2d i-fd ... K 59
Hock Inland Co 4.Ki« 21 % 21 K 21%
P./v4c f«lan«l «"o pld 1.4«O C2V- W^ *V%
Ht L & S K 2J ]ifd. 1.300 41»i VI 44>-i
Pt L S W 14
f 1 L H W Irfil ."tm
•iouthem Tacific .. 12.»»0 4CW, 45>4 4«»i
Fouth«T-n Railway. 1.2rt) 21 20% i>0T4
Sou RfailRay |.'.l... IJOft S4»4 fHK HV' 4
Ttyj»« * Pacific... 000 24'^ 23 T^ 24
Tol»d" St L & W. . .-. ... 2»«4
T Ft L & V? pfd.. 'SW ::7"» SOU 361J
I'r.ion Pacific 2.100 7C% 75',i 7GK
men Pacific rrfd K7V,
Waba*! too m 1» 19
v.'abash-pfd 2.300 U3"4 S3" rjfis;
irti«#Ilrs & L H ]CU
Wlaccnriii Centra! lS^i
Bld.Ask. Bld-Asl*.
Colehan — 18|Ray Gxten .. — 14
Esperanza ... — ol Ray Ton — J3
Gipsy Queen. — :io| Ray tk OBrien — in
Gold Anchor. — 231 Rescue 07 fiS
Gold M Con. 08 —(Ton Belmont.. 37 50
Hannapah ... — 10] Ton & Cal.... — 20
Hannapah M. — 25 Ton Exten .. K? 70
Little Ton .. 15 50, Ton Fraction. H> 45
MacNamara . 2*. 24 Ton & O W.. C2
Mlzpah Ex .. 1O — |Ton of Nev.. 6 25
Mont Ton..l 22^i 1 25iTon N Star.. 31 -32
N Y Ton ..... — 02|Ton Midway.. 36 —
Paymaster .. — 12! Ton Superior. — 11
Pine Grove . . — 10! United Ton . . 15 2i>
Belcher 20 21! Lady Wash.. — 06!
Best A Belch.2 35 —(Mexican 1 93 2 00
Bullion ll> 12| Occidental ... 8* 90
Caledonia ...1 15 1 20f Ophir 4 9O 5 CO
Challenge Con 3a 34| Overman .-... 21 23
21 22|Poto3t 25 27
Confidence ...1 05 1 10J Scorpion 07 C8
Con C & Va.l 75 1 W!Savage 60 61
Con Imperial. 02 03|Seg Belcher... 08 ca
Coa NY.... 03 041 Sierra Nev .. 65 66
Crown Point. 17 - IS! Silver Hill ..65 «s
East Sierra N 08 — |St Loul. li> l::
Eureka Con.. — 50! Syndicate .... O4 Cl
Exchequer .. 14 151 Union Con .. 84 85
Gould & Cur. 44 461 Utah 21 22
Hale it Norc. DO OifYellow Jacket 30 33
Julia 03 C3|
TONOPAH MINES.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $4 80®
5 10, usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 70@5;
Oregon and Washington, Jobbing at $3 85@4 25
per bbl. ,
MILLSTTJFFS — Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour $3 25; Rye Meal. $3; Rice Flour,,
$7; Corn Meal. $3 25; extra cream do, $1; Oat
Groats $4 50; Hominy. $4@4 25; Buckwheat
Flour '$4 5004 75; Cracked Wheat, $j 75; Fa.
rina, $4 60; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 60; Rolled
Oats bbls, $7 25®S 00; in sacks, $8 75S8 10;
Pearl Barley $6; Split Peas, boxes, $7; Green
Peas $5 50 per 100 lbs. .
Flour and Millstuffs.
ders for wheat were in evidence at the open
ing. The cry was quite generally advanced
. that the Sully affair would cause freer scope
I to be given to the Influence of so-called "leglt
| imate" conditions. Initial quotations for May
were lower to He higher at 92@92»4c.
July was %c lower to '*c higher at SC%@
87V.sC. Shorts were especially heavy buyers
and with limited offerings prices made a
quick advance. May selling up to 93c and July
to S7%c. Reports from Kansas and other
sections of the Southwest were to the effect
that the rainfall of the last few days was
quite inadequate to the needs of the growing
plant and that hopes of a satisfactory crop
of winter wheat were becoming fainter as the
season progressed. Toward the end of the
first hour, however, in spite of the prepon
derance of bullish Information, there was
much wheat for sale, supposed to be for the
account cf Eastern speculators. Under this
selling May declined to 01*ic while July
reacted to S6-%c. On the break there was free
covering by shorts and buying by pit traders
on the theory that the market had been
largely oversold. An improved cash demand
increased the buying in speculative trading
and caused a sharp rally. May advanced to
I Wi r ,i,Q, and July to S7%c. The close was
strong, with May at !)."t4c. Final figures on
1 July were -at R'S^ii^ftc. f ¦ — • .«•--«
A material improvement was manifested In
corn at the opening, but the market was very
nervous and sensitive to moderate trading on
either side. The close was strong and near
the top figures. May opened unchanged to
%c higher at tH%Q82\ic, sold between 51%c
and &2% c < and closed at 52%c. July ranged
between 49c and f>O%c, cloelng with a gain of
l\i-fn%c at 00Ti®31c.
Oats made a substantial recovery from the
closing weakness of the previous session. The
close was well toward the top. May opened
V»c lower, to ViC higher at SQYtQX)%c. After
selling between 39Uc and 40%c, the close was
at 40«igj0',ic July ranged between 3814c
and 39c. closing with a gain of %c at 38%c.
The features in trading in provisions were
selling cf pork by commission houses and buy
ing of lard and ribs, by packers. Pork closed
unchanged, lard 15c higher and ribs 10c
higher.
The irndir.tr futures ranged as follows;
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat Xo. 2 —
May 92 93% 91 % 93%
July fold> KS> 89 87% S8%
July (new) , toi% 87% m% 87%
Kept, (old) I 83 82% 8IV4 82%
Sept. fnew) 81 til% 80% 81 V a
Corn No. 2 —
May 51% C2ft Sl'4 62"4
July 40 50% 49 60*4
Sept 4S% 60 48?i 50
Oats No. 2 —
May SiiU 40% 39tJ 40^
July 38 Vi 30 38 £ 387^
Sept. .33% 33?, 33'., 3314
Mess pork, l>er bbl —
May 13 in 13 32tf 13 07% 13 25
July 13 40 13 62^ 13 27& 13 47H
Lard, per 100 lbs—
May « S2»4 fl 97'4 6 82# 6 97>4
July 7 00 7 15 7 00 7 12>4
Short ribs, p»r J0O lbs —
J May 6 70 6 95 6 70 « 85
July 6 80 7 00 6 80 7 00
CHICAGO, March 10.— Plenty of buying or-
, Future Grain and Provisions.
¦ The market continues as for some time past,
being quiet, easy and featureless, with all de
scriptions in ample supply.
CURED MEATS— Dawn, 10%e per lb for
heavy, lie for light maUum, 13c for light.
13%c for extra light and 19c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13%c; California
Hams, 12>,,c; Mess Beef, $10 60Q11 per bbl;
extra Mesr, $11 50012; Family. $12 60@13;
prime Mess Pork, $15; extra clear, $24225;
Mess. $1S; Dry Salted Pork. 10tf@llc; Pig
Pork. $27; Pigs' Feet. $5; Smoked Beef, 14o
per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6?lo per lb for
cotrpound and 9?£c for pure: half-barrels, pure.
9^c; 10-lb tins, 10c; 5-lb tins, 10^c; 3-Ib
tins. lOVJc. .
. COTTOLENE— One half barrel. fl?4c; three
half barrels, 9Uc; one tierce, 9',»c; two tierces,
Oc; five tierces, S%c per lb.
Provisions.
NEW YORK, Msrch 19. — Cotton closed very
steady at a net advance of from 40 to 70 points
on the more active months, while the new
crop was 5 to 15 points net higher.
Chicago Board of Trade.
Nezv York Cotton Market.
Nezv York Metal Market:
NEW YORK. March 19. — There was a good
demand for leading metals to-day following
yesterday's activity and advances. Copper
was firm, with lake at 12..V)®12.75c; electrolytic
ami casting. I2.37%©12.62$4c.
Tin firm; spot. 2S.2(Xg28.50c.
Spelter, quiet; 5.00<§5.10c. 1
r^ad, steady; spot, 4.«0@4.65c.
Iror, unchanged.
Wls-on Cent pfd.. 200 42% 42% 42?i
Express CompanleE —
Adams - 222
American 1S9
United States io.J
\\>!!s-Fanro 2U3
Miscellaneous —
Amalgan Copper .. 35.S0O 4S«i 4~% 48%
Am Car & Fdy K»0 19% J9«« 1!>*»
Am Car &. Fdy pfd 100 71 71 70'i
Am Cotton CM 1 29
Am COtton OH pfd 8S
American Ice 7%
Am Ic« pfd 400 29 25% 28H
Am Linseed Oil 8i£
Am Lins-eed Oilpfd 29^
Am Locomotive .. fttrt 22% 22 Vt 22^
Am Locomotive pfd 50t> S2*I 82 S2'i
Am Smelt & IWg.. 5<><» 4K"-i 48»i 4S',..
Am Sm & Kfg pfd 1W» tt2 »2 91%
Am Sugar Rfg ... S.40t> 127V, 125»i 127>i
Anaoon Mining Co 300 (u% 674 07
Urook Itap Trans. 11.00<» 43 T i 42 r u 42'i
Colo Fuel & Iron.* 2S%
Consolidated Gas.. 1.000 194^ l!».T?i 194'g
<"orn Products tSOO 13»i 13U 13^
Corn Products pfd 72
Genera! Electric .. 2(X» H56 lOfS 16«U
Internatl Paper .. 500 12 12 12
lnt Paper j>fd 64
Internatl Pump tid
lnt Pump pfd 74
National Lead 14?s
North American R4
Pacific Mail 2«
People's Gas 1.600 07"* 07 07 T i
Pressed Steel Car. SOO 3OH 29 -!0V.
Pressed St Car pfd 70
Pullman Pal Car 200
Republic Steel 1W 7?i 7fi IV,
Repub St2tl rfd-. o00 44 44 43*4
Rubber liocds lOVfe
Rubber Goods pfd 7tJVi
Tenn <"oal & Iron. 100 3S 3S 3S>i
V S Leather COO 7t£ 7^J 714
I* S leather pfd.. ~f*M 7S " 7fiVi
V $ Realty 3(10 7 6% i'
V S Realty pfd.. 3.200 5l«4 4S 61«4
U S Rubber .JCHI 13^ 13',i » 13%
U H Rubber pfd.. tiCO 52^ B1U 52
V S Steel -,,1,000 U% U% iiu,
V S St«?*l pfd *13,20O 5S*i 57% Ss%
Elec 400 163 1C2 1<«
Western Unicn „ 8714
Total Fales ....344.S0O ehare*
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK, March 19.— Bond transactions.
X'nited Railroads of San Francisco, 25,000 at
*T9 25, 25,O"<i at $79 37^i.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
Common— Bid. 4H: asked. 4%. Preferred-
Bid, 3S**; asked. 3»J^.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2*. reg...I05 |L & N unified 4s. 09
Do coupon 105»ilMan con gold (s.*103*4
Do 3*. r^g 10«Wl Mexican Cen 4s.. WJ
Do coupon 106*41 Do 1st inc L3U
Do new 4s. reg-132Vi!lMinn & St L 4s.. 05
Do coupon 132fe!|M. K & Tex 4s.. 'Jj^-
Do old 4s. reg.100% j IX, 2ds 77Vi
Do coupon 107»ilNn ot Mex con 4s 75
AtchlBon gen 4*.. 100% N Y Cen gen 3£s 117%
Do adj 4s 88»i N J Cen sen 5a.. 128%
Atlantic C L 4s.. a2Vb! Northern Pac 4s..lO:J»«
Bait & Ohio 4s..lOi:rii Do 3s 71
Do ¦J 1 -> B3UlXor & W con 4s. f)HY 2
Central cfT Ga .">s.1<iji 4 OSL 4s & panic. 72*4
Do 1st Inc 60 Pen conv 3>is 00 '
Chps & Ohio 4'As.lOl Reading gen 4s.. 06
Chi & Alton 3Vie. 76?i|StL & IM con 5s. lKI-%
C. B & Q new 4s. 93ftlStL & SF f? 4b.. Sift
C.M & SP gen 4*.1O7 | St Louis SW lsts. 93 7 J
C & N W con 7«. 129m Seaboard A L 4s. O
C. R I &. Pac 4s. 0^j Soulnern p ac 4 S .. g 9 sj
Do ool ">? "SVilSouthern Ry 5s.. .112%
CCC&StL gen 4s. 39 fTexas & Pac lsts. 116
Chi Termir.al 4s. SO |T St L & W r 4s. 70
Con Tobacco 4s.. 58 [Union Pacific 4s..lO3»i
C F & I conv f>9. 70 j Do conv 4s OCi
Colo & South 4s. &5>iir S Steel 2d 5s.. 75
Den & Rio G 4s. 98 iWabash lsts 115'J
Erie prior lten 4s. 07 1 ;! Do deb B Cl
Do ppn 4f 84^' Wheel & L E 4s.. 85
Ft\V & DC 1 sts..l 03 J.4 Wisconsin Cen 4s. S9?i
llockirg Val 4»4s.l05»il
NEW TOItK MINING STOCKS.
Adarr.s Con 25|Ontario 4 00
AIic e 30!Ophir 4 75
Kreece 10J Phoenix 06
Comstonk Tunnel. OSjPotosi 23
Con Cal & Va 1 90i Savage fiO
Horn Silver 1 201 Sierra Nevada <!2
Iron Silver 2 lOISmall Hopes 22
L^advllle Con 02! Standard 2 55
Little Chief O6|
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— JU S Steel 11%
Call loans 2&©4 f Do pfd.: 5S%
Time loans.... 4U(g5U,; Westing Common. 80
Bonds — I Mining —
Atchlson adj 4s.. 88 I Adventure 2
Do 4s 98s,JA!louex 3«j
Mexican Cen 4s.. 64 j Amalgamated .... 4SV,
Railroads — j American Zinc... ~\' a
Atchison 6S%( Atlantic 7
Do pfd 90 Bingham 20
Boston & Albany. 213 Calumet & Hccla.419
Borton & Maine. 165%|Centennlal It; 7 ;
Boston Elevated. 139 ICopper Range.... 41
Fltchburg pfd 137 IDaly West 20'^
Mexican Central. 11 'A 'Dominion Coal.... 59'~
N Y. Nil & H..100U Franklin 7=S,
Pcre Marquette.. 7S Grancy 2%
Union Pacific.... "8^2 Isle Royale 7 J -j
Miscellaneous — Mats Mining .11;
Amer Arge Chem. lS'.i Michigan 414
Do pfd '. 71 Mohawk 35 ; *
Am«r Pnen Tube. 4 Mont Coal & C. 2'/4
Atner Sugar 127 |Old Dominion !t'i
Do Pfd 124 (Orceola 5B^
Am Tel & Tel.. 123 I Parrot 22',i
Amer Woolen 11 IQuincy S3
Do pfd 75 jsbannon 7 11-16
Dominion I & S.. 8'ilTamarack 00
E'l Elec Ilium... 2W (Trinity 4V*
Oneral Electric. 165 JU S Mining 21^
Mass Electric lf» \V B Oil 9
Do pfd 72 (Utah 3t
Mats Gas 3S*4 j Victoria ......... SH
United Fruit 99 jwinona »%
In Ehoe Uach... 4<I=; | Wolverine C9',i
Do pfd 2S I .
LONDON CI/3SING STOCKS.
Cons money 86>4 N Y Central 119
Cons account S6H Norfolk & West.. S3»i
Anaconda 3%! Do pfd K9
Atchison R) j Ontario & Western 21 %
Do'pfd 92UlPennsj-lvanla 59%
Halt & Ohio 79-%) Hand Mines 9*i
Canadian Pacific. llRVil Reading .".:...... 2t?i
Ches & Ohio 31% Do 1st pfd.. 45
Chi Great West. 15 Do 2d pfd" 29J-J
C. M & St P 14614 Southern Railway J 21
UeBeert 19^i| Do pfd..... 8«'/4
Denver & Rio G. 20 (Southern Pacific.; 48Vi '
Do pfd 70 (Union Pacific 77 V{
Erie 2SU] Do pfd S9H
D o 1ft pfd 65Vi U S Steel... 11*1
Do 2d pfd 41»a Do pfd......... 59%
Illinois Central. .131 '.4 Wabaeh 19>A
J^ouis & Xash 106Vi Do pfd 36
M. . K & Tox.... 17Ti
Bar r liver— 2<5»,id per ounce.
Money— 2\itt2% per cent.
Tlie rate of discount In the open market for
short bills is :: per cent and for three. months'
bllU J i'er cent. •,. ':.--
Nezv York Grain and Produce t
,«VJ- W , YOn^' March 19 -~ FLOUR— Receipts.
18.000 l.arrels: exports. 19.900 barrels- un
settlf-d: Uinnrsota patents, >5 1OQ5 45- Min
tiffota Ijakers. $4 SOS 4 50: winter, str'alshts
$5f«5 15: winter patents. ?5 20«G «»• winter
extra*. $:: «iO<34; winter low sradeiSrj 16@:; 60
WHEAT— Receipts, 38.000 bushel*; exports'
C3.100 bushels; spot, easy; No. 2 red $1 el^
vatcr. ?l 02© I 05 f. 0 . b. afloat; No. 1' North-'
cm Duluth, $1 Olli f. o. b. afloat. Wheat
opened Irresrular on the lor/er consols and
felrer cables. Shortly after the opening
t-trength was displayed on covering and bull
support and on the strength of cqjtu The
market finally broke under liquidation and
closed H@lc n<*t lower. May closed at 98 «c
July closed at 'J2Hc: September closed at S3?ic
HOPS— Basy: State., common to choice. Jooj
crop. 2S032C- 1902 crop. 2-1iS27c; olds, 0®14^
Pacirtc Coast. lfK« crop. 25©31e; 1902 crop'
23«/"7c! o!di». 0Q14c. ' .
HIDES — Firm; California. 21625 lb«:. I9e.
tk'OOL-^Flrm; domestic fleece. 24«?32c. • '
HyGAR — Haw.! firm; fair refining.- 3>4c; cen.
trlflpal. IW test, S',4c; molasses BUgar, 2 25-32c.
IUfSed. steady; No. 0. 4.20c; No. 7, 4.20c;
I
NEW YORK. March 19. — Total imports of
drrgoods and e?'»eral merchandise at this
port- for thp week ending to-day were valued
at $!3.CC6,02C. « ' W l.-l
Exports ot tpecie from this port for the week
were $618,5^0 in silver and $551,000 In gold.
Imports of specie at this port during the
v.-eek were $52,7til gold and $1632 tllver.
Exports and Imports.
The local trade reports an Improved demand
for Peaches, but stocks are so light and broken
that the market is incapable of much activity.
The other descriptions remain about as before
quoted, though it is reported from New York
that Coast holders of Prunes are letting some
ot their holdings go at a fractional concession
from the quotations. ¦ N • .
FRUIT— Apncots, 8%@10%c for Royalj and
OigVJc lor iloorparks; Evaporated Apples 4UA
5%c; bun-dried. 3%<gUtfc; Peaches. 6®7&?
Pears, bGU'Ac- Nectarines, 8ffl5jic FIm'
white. 3fc4c in boxes; black. 414c; Plums r>lt
ted 5®Sc per lb. . . "
PRUNEfi— 1»03 crop. 2%@2%c tor the four
RAISINS— The Association quotes the follow-
Ing pncc& : Standard grades, 50-Ib cases 2
crown Loose Muscatels, 5Ho per lb*
3-crown. 5%c; 4-crown, 6^c; Seedless Loose
Muscatels, 414c; Seedless floated, 4Hc; 2-crown
Malaga loose, 5c; 3-crown Malaga loose 6«4c*
Seedless Sultanas, unbleached. 4}&c; Seedless
Thompsons, unbleached, 6^ic. Layers per 20
lb box — 0-crown Imperial clusters, $3; 5-crown
Dehesa clusters, $2 50; 4-crown fancy clusters
$2; 3-crown London Layers, $1 35;. 2-crown
London Layers, $1 25; usual advance for frac
tional boxes and layers. Seeded — Fancy I6-02
cartons, per lb. 7»«c; fancy 12-os cartons, per
package, 6%c; fancy bulk cartons, per lb 7%c
chotce 16-oz cartons, per lb. 7%c; choice 12-os
cartons, per package, tJ&c; choice bulk car
tons, per lb. 7Uc; 16-oz cartons, seeded Seed
lings. Muscatels, per lb, 7c; 12-o« cartons
seeded Seedlings, Muscatels, per lb, 5%c; bulk
seeded Seedlings, Muscatels, per lb, 6%c
NUTS— Walnuts, N|0. 1 softshell, 1314814c*
No. 2. ll}S@12c; Ne. 1 hardshell, l3fliXV>c'
No. a. 11©11%c: Almonds. ll%r« for Nonpa
reils, ll%c for I X L, lie for Ne Plus Ultra
and 9 Vic tor Languedoc; Peanuts, 697c for
Eastern; Pecans, ll@13e; Cocoanutu, $4 5005
HONEY— Comb. 10@ll^c for white and 8tt
®9V4c for amber; water white extracted tit
6»ic; light amber extracted. 4HG4%c; dark
3%@ic.
i3EESWAX— 27©29c per lb.
Dried Fruits,Nuts,Raisins,Honey.
Loans. $03S.01S.S(>0; Increase. $1,513,800. De
serves f2Sfl.864.0OTt; decrease.- $2,G30,300. Re
culition $o0,013,S00; decrease. $1.04S,£00. Le
gal tenders Sf9.o24,400; decrease. 5704, SCO.
Specie $217,239,600; decrease, $1,805,500. Re
serves, $£SG. 064.000; decrease, $2,C!)0,300. Re
perve required. $250,252,425: decrease. $63,800.
Surplus. S27.310,.%75: decrease $2.6116,500. Ex-
Vnljpd States deposits. $30,342,750; decrease,
$2^S,075.
NEW YOItK. March 19. — The statement of
averages of the clearing-house banks of thla
city for the week shows:
Weekly Bank Statement.
There was, nothing new beyond a slight ad
vance In Silver and Sterling Exchange.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. k . — $1 85
Sterling Exchange, eight — 4 88
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 89
New York Exchange, sight — 12%
New Yo:U Exchange, telegraphic. — 15
Silver. p"er ounce .....'...' — 57
Mexican Dollars, nominal ...... 45%® 46
. Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Chicago continues unsettled, as
will be seen by the quotations,' but the other
markets, both in this country . and Europe,
remain dull and uninteresting.
This market shows no change beyond a
slight advance in futures, sympathetic with
Chicago. . •
CASH WHEAT.
California Club, $1 40@l 43; California
White Australian, $1 50@l 57%; Northern
Club $1 40@l 42%; Northern Bluestem, $1 50©
1 55 "per ctl.
FUTURES.
/ Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May $1 UK $1 42 $141%; $142
December ... 1 38 U 1 36»6 136 1 S6U
BARLEY — The ruling price for Feed yester
day was $1 13=54. with a sale of 6000 sacks at
this figure. Holders asked $1 15. but buyers
were not Inclined to pay this price. There
was a tip out on, 'Change that the bears
were about to raid the May option. Futures
were somewhat higher. In spite o f the heavy
rain.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed, $1 12%®1 15; Shipping and Brewing.
$1 17%@1 20; Chevalier, $1- 15@1 25 for fair
to choice. • .- r
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Law. Close.
May $1 12?6 $113 $112% $112%
December .., 1 03 103 102% 102%
OATS — Closed the week firm but quiet at
previous prices.
White *1 27%®1 37%: Black. $1 25@1 65;
Red $f 25@1 35; Gray. $1 32% per ctl.
CORN— California descriptions are quoted
firm, while Western are reported somewhat
off. The market is quiet, : rhere Is very lit
tle offering, but it is et... ve and subject
to sudden fluctuations.
Western sacked. $1 37% for Yellow, $1 35
for White and $1 27%@1 30 for Mixed; Cali
fornia large yellow, $1 4001 45; small round
do $1 50; White. $1 40@l 45 per ctl; Egyptian,
$1*45@1 50 for white and $1 27%@1 30 for
brown.
RYH/-51 3001 32% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $1 75©2 per ctl.
All Classes of Stocks Flat and
Uninteresting.
Business wu flail. even for Saturday, on- the
exchanges. On the Stock and Bond Exchange
the only fluctuation of note waa a decline In
Spring Valley Water to |39 12H. The oil
stocks were neglected and the mining stocks
slightly weaker. .
Hales on the California. Exchange last week
were 87,853 shares, valued at $30,729. tho lead-
Ing sales being aa follows: Apollo, 12S0
shares; Associated Oil. 2064; -Home. 2S0O; Inde
pendence, 2500; Oil City, 30,950; Sovereign,
2200; Twenty-eight. COO; ToltfC. 800.
¦ The New York and Honduras Rosario Mining
Company paid a monthly dividend of 1 per cent
yesterday. .
The Homestake Mining Company of South
Dakota has declared a regular monthly divi
dend of 23 cents per share, payable March 25.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY, March 19—13 m.
VNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bld.Aik.
4s qr coup..l07%108tt 4* V c» new. — 133%
4a qr reg..l08%107fc|3s qr coup... — 107%
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala AW 5s. — — |O T Co 6«.. 119 —
Bay CPC Os. — 102KI Do 6s Ill — .
Cal C G 5s. — 104U| -Do con 6s.. — 102%
Cal G * E r (Oceanic S 5s. — 75
m & ct 6s. S3 92 HI em Cable Ba.123% —
Cal-st C 6e.lie*ill7U!Pac O Im 4e. — 98
C C Wat 5s. — 1O0VU P E Ry 6s. 105^106
Ed L & P 6s.l25 131 |P & C H «S.1O4 105
F & C H 6s.H4%115ttlP * O R 6b.116 . —
Geary-st 5s.. 46& 90 PowelKst 6a. — —
H C&S 5H8.104 — Sac EO*R3s. 99H100
Do 6s 99H100M SF & SJV5s.llS>/411»
Hon R T 6S.1W . — Sierra R 6s. 112% —
L A Eleo 6s. — 105 S P of A 6s
L A Ry 6s.ll2T4 — (1900) ....107%— I
L'ALCoCa — — (1910) 108 —
D o gtd 6s. — — 8 P of C Cs
Do gtd Bs.103% — (19C5)Sr A. 104ft —
LAP lcm 5s.lOU*102^i (1905)Sr B.105** —
Mkt-st C 6s.lltt — (1906) .....107 —
Do lcm 6s. — 11* (1912) — 118%
MV& MtT5s.lO4 — . SPC 1 eg 8s.ll5 119
NRR of C6S.107 — Do atmpd..lOO • 108&
Do 5s llSH — ' S P B R 6«.134 —
N P C R 6e.lO5 — S V Wat «s.104H1C5
N C Ry 8s. — — Do 4s 2dm. — —
N C P C 5a. — 100 Do 4s 8dm. SSH 00'i
N S R R 5s. — 10O*i Stkn Q&Efis. — —
O O LAH Ss.108 — U G A E 5a. — 108
O W gtd 8s. — — .
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 38 41 |Port Costa... — —
Marln Co... — «2%|8 V Wat Co. 39^ 39&
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. — 3%IS F G & E. SS% MS
Mutual B L. OH 10H! Stkn G & E. 5 —
Pao L. Co.. 65H — jU O * B Co. 27% 32%
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
s r a & e. — — 1
INSURANCE.
Flrem'j Fnd.310 245 | ¦
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk. — 125 L P & A... .152% —
Anglo- Cal ..85 90 Mer Trust.... — 225
Bank of Cal.400 42T% Mcrch Ex.... — —
Cal Safe Dp. — ISO S F Nation]. — —
First Natlonl — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L. — 2300 Sav 4 L So. - 100
Hum S & L. — — Sec Sav Bk. — 450
Mutual Sav. 100 — Union T Co.. — —
S F Sav U.625 —
STREET ' RAILROADS.
California .. — 200 (Presidio — 41
Geary ..".... — SO |
POWDER.
Giant ...... 60% 62 jVIgorlt *% *%
SUGAR.
Hans. P Co. — 30c iKIIauea S C. 2% —
Hawaiian C. 46% 4?UIMakawell C. — 22% |
Honokaa S C 12 13tt|Onomea S C. 24 2T
Hutch SPC 8% & IPaauhau S C. 13% lit;
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska PA.— 140H I Oceanic S Co. 4 i%,
Cal F C A. 96%100 Pac Aux FA. 5% 6* A j
Cal Wine A. — 92 Pac C Borx. — 1C| i
MV4 MtTm.100 — J ; 7 !
Morning Session.
Board— i
80 Alaska Packers' Assd .£ 140 00 I
$10,000 S P of Arizona (1909), s 5.*... 107 60 •'
20 Spring Valley Water Co v . 3U 12«* j
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stocks— Bid. Asked.
Alma i 135
Apollo 46
Associated Trust Cert 21
Aztec 75 W)
Caribou 2 60 I
Central Point Con «Kt «SS '
Chicago Crude SO 1
Claremont CO \
Four 68 "
Fulton. 1 «X> 4 0« 1
Giant 19 |
Hanford 153 00
Home 135 137%
Independence 1«> IS
Junction 15
Kern : 4 90 5 25
Kern River. 13 00
Lion 01
Monarch (of Arizona) 41
Monte Cristo 75 80
Occidental of W Va........ 13
Oil City Petroleum 40 41
Peerless 13 00 14 50
Plttsburg 19
Reed Crude 1 35
S F tt. McKlttrick 3 06
Senator 65
Sovereign 44 I
Superior .... 05 :
Thirty-three 8 00
Toltec 19 !
Twenty-eight 4 50 .....
West Shore 2 CO
Miscellaneous —
Associated Bonds 7S
Abby Land and Improvement 1 SO 1 5o
Fischer's Theater 125
Northern Call Power 9 50 10 50
SALES.
Morning Session.
Beard—
1500 Independence 1$
1C0 Chicago Crude 20
100 Toltec 19
Street —
2000 Associated Bonds 77%
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bld.Ask.) Bld.Ask.
Bay CPC fis. 99 — g P Co 4%s. 9S 99
B L Wat 6S.10O — Sun Tel 6s. 113 —
Cal NWR 5s.lllK — Do 5s 102% —
S F Drdk Bs. — 113% Suttr-st R.Y-.105 113
SF & NP 5s.lll*i — UR of SF 4s. 79H —
S P C R 4s. — 100
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala 8 Co... 23 23 1; Mat Nav Co. 60 89
Cal Cot Mils — 95 Nev Nat Bk.lSS 204
C Jockey Cl. 90 120 N S R R... 9f4 —
Cal Powder. — 160 N Cal - P Co. 9?i —
Cal Ship Co. 15 3O Oak Bk Sav.112% —
Cal T I & T. — 135 Oak T Con.. 75 —
Cen Bk. Oak 63?i — IOOF Hall A. 6 —"
Chutes Co .. 6% -8 Orpheum Co.— 17ij
City it C Bk. — 112 Pac S TelCo.lCffi$102%
East Dynm.150 250 Paraf Paint. 33 —
Dpnt Pwd pfd 60 -7- - S F Drydock. 60 —
Do com ..40 — SF&SJ Coal. 20 —
FN Bk. Oak.120 — S J Wat Co. — 108
Fischer Thtr 1% l»j SO t MTgbt. — 163
Frnch-A Bk.105 110 Swiss-A Bk.113 —
Gas Con A..- 10% 21 UR InC pfd. 44 —
HonoP Co.. 12% 13% Do com .. 0 —
Lcn& SF Bk — 60
Morning Session.
Board— 7
60 Truckee Electric Co 10 00
Street —
$15,000 U R R of S F 4 per cent 79 75
j'litlW-g %jlOCiZS*
8AN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales- on th* San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Andes 5111500 Savage ...... 60
100 Belcher 21 200 Savage 5ft
1000 Chollar 22| 100 Savage 68
200 Con C tt Va.1 S5| 300 Savage .17
200 Con N Y 041 300 Scorpion 0T
600 Exchequer ... 15 1100 Seg Belcher... OH
400 Mexican 2 00 400 Sierra Nev .. «j
100 Occidental ... SS 200 Unton Con - .. S5
700 Ophir .......5 00 100 Yellow Jacket 33
500 Overman .... 23
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the. sales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday r
Morning Session.
50O Alpha Con .. Oflj 200 Mexican I CO
ICO Andes 40 100 Mexican .103
100 Andes 48 100 Ophir 5 00
100 Caledonia ...120 150 Ophir ........4 90
12C0 Chollar » 21 100 Overman 24
10O Con C & V.l'87% 100 Potoal 27
100 Con C & Va.l 85 200 Savage 67
400 Con C & V.I 77% 10O Savage 68
100 Con C & Va.1 75 60O Scorpion '..... 07
300 on C «e Va.1 80 100 Sierra Ner .. 66
100 Gould & Cur. 4*J 100 Union Con " . . 84
2C0 Mexican 2 001 500 Utah 20
100 Mexican ...1 92% j 600 Yellow Jacket 53
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following wrre the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session. '
COOO MacNaroara . 23 500 Paymaster ... 11
• 400 MacNamara . 21 1(00 Ray Ton . ... 10
10O MacNamara . 24 r.00 Rescue 08
100 Mont Ton..l 22% 400 Ton Belmont.. 87
200 Mont ,Ton, ..1 25|
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
. r SATURDAY, March 19—12 m.
Bid.Ask. Bid.Ask.
Alpha Oi C8 Justice 05 • C7
Altar... ©7 09 Kentuck ..... 02 Oi
Andaa ..43 60! K*>v M f.rau . 3S —
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Northern Business.
PORTLAND. Or.,' March 19. — Clearings,
?204.S17; balances, 121,022.
PRUNES— Continue to show an easy under
tone though the Jobbing demand Is steady in
a small way. Quotations range - from, oftc
to C'4e\ - ' . ¦
APRICOTS — Continue firm, choice are quoted
at »4@10c; extra choice, lOH'S'lOVic; fancy.
Iltfl3e.
PEACHES — Are in light supply and firm;
choice. fi%@7^4c; extra choice, 7^.@8c; fancy,
9*4@10c.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market Is
firm. Common are quoted at 4@5Vic; prime,
5}&€.">%e; choice, 6@CV4c; fancy. 7$7%e.
No. 8, 4.18c; No. 9. -1. 10c; No. 10. 4.05c; No.
11, 4c; No. 12. 8. 05c; No. 13. 3.90c: No. 14,
3.S3c; confectioners' A. 4.60e; mold A. 60; cut
loaf. 5.35c; crushed. 5.30c; powdered, 4.75c;
granulated. 4.C5c; cubes, 4.90c.
COFFEE — Spot Rio, steady; No. 7 Invoice,
6i*c;mild, steady; CorJova. 10@13c. Future*
closed generally steady and /unchanged to 8
points lower; sales. 123,000 bags; May, 5.20®
B.SOc: July*. 5.4505.50c; September, 5.709
5.£0c; December. «.O5c.
DRIED FRUITS. .
Local batik clearings gain slightly last zceek.
Wall street stocks firmer, zuith a recovery in Cotton.
Business on the local stock exchanges very quiet.
Fractional advances in Silver and Sterling Exchange.
IF heat unsettled at Chicago, tint tame everywhere else.
Cash Barley in active demand and very firm.
Oats firm and in light receipt. Corn unsettled.
Hay and Feedstuff s quiet, owing to the storm.
Xo movement in Beans or Seeds.
Potatoes and Onions in heavy supply and dull.
Poultry and Game in light receipt and unchanged.
Ten cars of Oranges to be auc tioned to-morrow.
Butter steady and moving off rcV//. Cheese still a drug.
Speculators continue to run up the price of Eggs.
Dried Peaches firm and in demand. Prunes quiet and
Provisions unchanged here and elsewhere.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs as before quoted.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS
CITRUS ¦-, FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $1©2
per box for fancy and 50cg$l 23 for. standard
to choice; Tangerines. 76c©fl 25- per box;
Lemons. $1 7t@2 60 for fancy, $1 25@1 CO .for
choice and "5cigSl for standard: Grap* Fruit
$1 25@2 SO; Mexican Limes. ?5@6; Bananas
*1®2 i<t-r buncb for Hawaiian and $1 bivat ui
for Central American; Pineapples, |2tJJ3 00
per dozen.
APPLES — ?1 76@2 20 per box for extra fancy
$1 26© 1 60 for ordinary fancy. 85r®$l for
choice and 354?6oc lor common.
Apples were In ample supply .'and. Ilka
Oranges, were dull, owlns to the inclement
weather. Stocks of ripe Bananas were- less
liberal than ort the preceding day, ,but prices
were no higher, as there were large quantities
rapidly maturing - In the cellars.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Conditions and prices In the Orange mar
ket thowed no change from the previous re
port. Stocks, while comparatively light, were
well up to requirements and trade was quiet,
as the Inclement weather discouraged local
buyers and there was very little demand from
chipping merchants. The other Citrus fruits
shared In the general dullness and prices of
all descriptions bad no noteworthy change.
Ten cars of Oranges are announced for to
morrow's auction. - -
WASHINGTON,
TACOMA.' March 10.— Bluestem, Sic; club,
75c.
PORTLAND.- March 19.— Walla TVaUa, 75c;
bluettem. 80c; Valley, 81c. -
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
STOCK MAEKET.
extras, ' 20@21c for-flrsts -and "181519c for -sec
onds; dairy, U)iff20c: store Butter, nominal]
cold storage. 20<i21c for extras, 18@10c for sec
onds and 10#]Sc (or ladle-packed. . .
CHEESE — 8l4@9c for good to choice nsw
and 75JSC for lower grades; Young Americas,
Oi, i^IOc; Eastern. ISClCc; Wtsttrn. MQlOe
per lb. .
KOfJS — Ranch. 18®20c for good to choice;
store, lUVa 1 ? 1'ric per dozen.'
rlnos'at full rates." Next :Kveek 32,000 bales
will be offered. • . _
THE SAN CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 20, 1904.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
47
The Clever California Novel by
Famous California Author,
Now Running.
TO-MORROW'S TANGLE,
MORE EXCITING THAN EVER
AUCTION SALES
£& The 6r8itssi Sals of ihs Seassa £^
AUCTION SALE OF
50 Head PERCHERON HORSES
These horses w«re carefully selected by on*
or the greatest breeders of Norman-Psrcheroa
»«•;• »n California (William Brockmxn. Su-
•anyllle. L*M«n County) and consist Of pur*
f rt £ •"?***• *»«» xeldln«». w«lghln* froaa 1300
to 1ODO. •
At same time wui b« sold on* treat trotter
aD^u. one b *» u «ful carriage horse.
This Is tha rrandest lot of *ll-purpo«»
horses aver broucht to San Francisco.
All are nicely halter broke and a «reat many
of them brokt to harness. Thsy are all fat
and ready to. go right to work, A careful ln«
»p«ctlon of Usls lot is earnestly requested. -To
b« sold on .
MONDAY BVKNINO. March 21. 1904. '
At 7:45 o'clock, at
6AIUESYARD. 1732 Market St.. eor. Vaa
Ness ave.
write for cataloru«s.
Horses at yard March 17.
¦ FRED II. CHASE A CO..
Livestock Auctioneers-
£31 Special Auction Sale &*
On MONDAT. MARCH 21, at 11 o'clock, at
615 ELLIS ST., I will sell CO head of cholc«.
sound younr horses, well broken. Just arrived
frcm the country. The above stock consists *f
horse* suitable for all 'purposes, weigh frutn
1000 to 1400 pounds, from 5 to 8 years old; also
tn* fast pacing; horse-. Robert G. record iiliVi.
6 years old and sound; sen tie. for a lady to
ride or drive. I consider this the best road
horse In California; also his mate, a very fast
pacer. 7 years old; any on« wantlns; to get a
well-matched team of fast young pa«ra should
not overlook this sale, as all this stock will b«
guaranteed to be as represented, and any oita
wantlns to hitch or ride behind any of tfit*
above stock we will be only too pleased to show
them any time before day of sale.
. 3. WATKIN3. Auctioneer.
f i^ '
100— -HI AD— 100
5^» Draft,Wagon& Saddle Horses £^
Consigned by Sol Hair Jr. ot Idaho and W.
C. Woss of Lakeview, Oregon. * .
40 head well broken Draft Horses, wehrh'.nj
from 1400 to 1 SOO pounds.
40 head gentle Wagon Horses, weighing from
120O to 1400 rounds.
10 head cood. staple Driving Horses. . :
10 head well broken Saddle Horses.
These Horses can be aeen at barn Saturday.
March 19. AT AUCTION TUESDAY. MARCK
t r.\ 7:30 p. m.
Remember, every horse is gentle and well
broken, single and double.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCIUNGE.
24S Third Street. San Francisco.
W. Q. LATNO. Auctioneer.
Manhattan Hotel Fire.
$5CC0 worth Of UPHOLSTERED FURNI-
TURE. CARPETS slightly damaged by water.
"We are instructed to sell without reserve or
limit at PUBUC AUCTION.
At WILSON'S, 1710 Market Street
iXONDAY, March 21. 1D04. 11 oclock a. m.
Comprising: 10 Mahogany Davenports. 5 Ma-
hogany Divans. SCO yards Body Brussels Car-
pits, also 7-room Oat. same time and place.
WILSON. Auctioneer.
NEXT SUNDAY CALL.MUSICIANS' UNION PROTESTS 1 — Th«
Muclcians' Union ha* orotefted to the 'Board
of Supervisors against the proposed ordinance
prescribing a district within which It la pro
hibited to hold street meetlr.se. RSCSk!
DES MOIN'ES. Iowa. March 19.—Represent
etlve Head's resolution expreeslng- sympathy
for the Russians In the present war with
Japan was voted down by the Iowa House to
day. The vote araisst the resolution was al
most csa&uaous.
CHICAGO. March- 19.— Owln« to an > epi
demic of scarlet fever now prevailing • at
Delavan, Wis., the local- health authorities
have closed the city - schools. The holding of
church services, Sunday, schools or any public
gatherings are- prohibited until the epidemic
subsides. .
Overture — "Poet and Peasant." Suppe; bal
let suite — "1> Cid." Massenet: (a) "Pan
Americana." Herbert; (b) "Intermezzo Rat
cllff" (first time). Mascafnl: Hawaiian songs
Ilerper: grand far.tasie from "MeJlstofele,"'
Bo'.to; "America."
PART II,
"Star Spangled Banner." national anthem
V. 6. A.; march — "Marco Polo." Broeckhoven;
overture — "Merry Wives of Windsor," Nlco
lal; waltz — "Carlotta," Mlllocker; uolo for
Kjuerel horn (Selected). Carl Rettze: grand
selection — "Mr. Hckuick." Manuel Klein.
The following programme will be
rendered by the Golden Gate Park
band to-day if the weather permits:
PART I.
Music '-I* the Park.
Oscar Olsen, a, boy, 11 years old,
was drowned yesterday 'morning be
fore the eyes of his playmate, Willie
Flynn, a boy of the same age. Each
had a little raft, which they were
poling in moderately shallow water in
the bay at the foot of Seventh street at
7 o'clock this morning. Shortly after
that hour the Flynn boy ran home and
told his parents that Oscar had fallen
Into the water and sunk while trying
to Jump from his own raft to Flynn' s.
Several persons at once repaired io
the spot and after' wading a while In
the water with gum boots recovered
the body. Young Olsen lived with his
parents at 522 Eighth street.
Sad Accident Occurs in Com
paratively Shallow Place
at End of Seventh Street
BODY SOON RECOVERED
Oscar Olsen, an Eleven-Year-
Old Boy, Sinks in Water
in Sight of a Playmate
The Native Sons' literary, and so
cial committee will give an entertain
ment and dance under the ausDices of
Niantic Parlor at Native Sons' Hall
next Wednesday evening. The pro
gramme will consist of songs, a mon
ologue, a recitation, a sketch and a
one-act comedy. •
The following named committees
are in charge of the affair: -; Executive
— U. E. Krenz, M. E.' Noon, G. J.
Stockwitz, F. Hobro, H. Dahl, C. Koe
nig. A. Groth, O. E. Scheerer, W.
Priest, Dr. J. A." McGough, E.L. Stone,
C. J. Turner, H. O. Rogers,. M. Squires,
W. P. Johnson, G. Welch, J. JEppstein,
J. Rose, W. Coffey, B. Salter,
P. Hagan, E. ,E.:> Fisher, and
C. Licht; " floor — Mayor Schmitz,
floor manager; E. J. Rellly, F. Cur
ry, J. B.'Keenan, J.'F. Twomey.W. E.
Trefts, A. W. Borchers and S. C.;Glo
ver; reception— W. H. Priest, Louis F.
Bylngton, F. Mordecai, W. A. O'Leary,
C. Westerfeld, G. F. Euler, E. , W.
Rock, C. F. Plate and W./E. Carroll.
Literary and Social Committee of Na
tive Sons Arranges for a Pleas
ant Evening.
TUMBLES FROM
RAFT TO DEATH
WILL GIVE A DANCE
* AND ENTERTAINMENT
Judge Head found that the corpora
tion engaged Wedekind to supervise
ihe construction of a smelter near
Copley, this county, at a contract price
of $2600, the money to be paid in nine
months at the rate of S600 a month;
that Wedekind was employed a few
days over two months when his ser
vices were dispensed with, the com
pany paying him $920 on his contract
price, that sum being for services per
formed. They refused to pay more.
The corporation, which never has
built the projected smelter, proved it
never had written a contract with
Wedekind. but Judge Head held that
the showing made by Wedekind by
means of letters and telegrams waa
sufficient proof that the contract was
entered into. f '..",
REDDING, March 19. — Judge Head
of th'e Superior Court gave Judgment
to-day to E. H. Wedekind of San
Francisco against the Great Western
Gold Company for $2680 with interest
since April, 1903, when suit waa
brought, and costs. which will
total a goodly sum.
Judge Head of Redding; Holds Great
Western Gold Company Violated
Its Contract.
CORPORATION CO3IPEIiLED TO
PAY WEDJSKIND FOR WORK
ST. DOMINICS. CHURCH
TO GIVE MUSICAL, CONCERT
EPISCOPALIANS
ARE TO GATHER
Cathedral this afternoon will be
preached by Rev. P. E. Mulligan on
"Jesus Before Pilate."
Rev. Father Harvey will preach on
"Man's Impatience of Authority" at
Holy Cross Church this evening.
At' St. Dominic's Church this even
ing Dubois* oratorio, "The Seven Last
Words of Christ," will be sung. The
oratorio will be preceded by litany
and sermon at 7:30. with the benedic
tion of the most holy sacrament.
Music at benediction. "O. Salutaris"
(Stewart); solo by Miss Ella V. Mc-
Closkey, "Tantum Ergo" (Wldor);
solo by J. J. Rosborough. Offertory,
Bishop Nichols J /Appoints
Delegates to Attend'Con
ference at-ios: Angeles
"Agnus Dei" (Bizet). The soloists In
the oratorio are: Mrs. B. Apple; so
prano; Miss Ella V. McCloskey, con
tralto; T. G. Elliott, tenor, and C. B.
Stone, bass. Dr. H. J. Stewart, or
ganist and director of the choir.
The mass meeting for men at tha
Toungr Men's Christian Association
will be addressed this afternoon at 3
o'clock by Rev. Egerton R. Young,
the noted Indian missionary and
preacher. Mr. Young will Illustrate
his address with several beautiful dl»
solving views. Miss Hussey and Mri.
Partington will sing and an orchestra
will furnish Instrumental music.
INTERESTS GHUECmiEN
Galifornia fillister t Will
I Preside \ at ' • : Big > : - Meeting;
OwingAtb: His^ Seniority
Splendid Programme Arranged for
This Evening Containing Many
Select Numbers. :
Sermons will be preached in the
local churches to-day as follows:
8 California-street • M. ¦ E. — Morning, "Tempta
tion; evening:, • "Th« Mountains of the Bible."
Pastor, ' Rev. E." K. Brown. - -
Grace ¦ M. : E. — Morning-, "Christ's Mission
To-day." \ Pastor, Rev. F. M. Larkln.
Simpson Memorial M. E. — Morning, "The
Greatest In the Kingdom" ; evening, "Be Glad."
Pastor, Rev. John = Stephens.
Trinity M. E. — Morning. "Are the Prophe
cies of the Old Testament Divinely Inspired?";
evening, sermon. Pastor. Rev. John A. - B.
•Wilson.. -
Epworth M. E. — Evening, "The Seven Divine
Manifestations ln Connection With the Trag
edy of Disposing the Innocent Christ." Pastor,
Rev. F/A. Keast. ,
, v Most Rev. -Archbishop Montgomery
will" administer confirmation in St.
Charles* _ Church this afternoon at 4
b'clock-7 ',". ' • ;• . j
, ; 'Rfev. ,D. Mahoney;wlll preach [this
morning at thel0:30 o'clock mass In
1st -Ignatius -Church. In the evening
Rey.vH. Woods will deliver the ser
mon.; ' : -^ ¦' ~' ."; , ' i r : :, ' .'
.The sermon at' the Lenten devotions
of the Calvarlan Society in St. Mary's
-Episcopalians in the'diocese. of ..Call-f
fornia are much interested lh\ the con 1 -"
ference of "Western churchmehito >.be
held In Lbs Angeles "on 1 AprlCl3, 14 r and
15. Bishop Nichols has i appointed as
delegate's Venerable -Archdeacon ' Em
ery, Rev. W. A. Brewer of ,'Sah ,' Mateo,
Rev. N. B. W. Galwejr and . George E.
Butler and J.R.Prlngle.' The;dipceses
of California, Los Angeles,; Sacramento;
Boise.' Oregon, Washington, \ Arizona;
and Utah will be :reDresented;ibyrthe
several bishops, as .well . as 'clerical and
lay delegates. "As the
of Colorado, Olmstead ; i: > Coadjutor
Bishop , of Chicago, \, Anderson :VJ.' • W/
Wood " of the ' general ; , mission board In
New \York. together i with- representa
tives "of the Brotherhood; of St. • Andrew
and Daughters "of the King, are expect
ed. . The discussions will 'occupy a wide
•*•-, -.. . ; . ; 'f
range and the ' topics to be considered
will embrace; subjects .looking to the
stimulation of all the; activities of the
church. ;"',."
i :* Considerable interest attaches to the
election of a district secretary, whose
duties will be to travel throughout the
vast' section by the con
ference and stir up interest in the sub
ject' of; missions.
At the 'closing of -the conference ,, the
bishops will Issue a' Joint-' pastoral .to
air the; faithful; Ihe Bishop^ of Cali
fornia, by. virtue "of seniority, will pre
side. ;¦¦ ¦•-¦ =..¦-¦¦ ;•' '.'-''..
A heavy wind and rainstorm swept
over Solano County to-day and all the
lowlands are under water. Hundreds
of acres of grain and pasture lands
in the eastern part of the county are
inundated and the stockmen have had
to move their herds to higher ground.
The ralnfal in this county ranges
in different sections from eighteen to
thirty inches for the season. No great
damage has been reported and pros
pects are excellent for a bountiful
crop.
SUISUN, March 19. — An important
change in the ownership of the Bank
of Vacaville has Just been made pub
lic- Colonel R. D. Robbins, president
and principal stockholder, has sold a
controlling interest to a local busi
ness man of Vacaville. Robbins will
be succeeded as president by Frank
H. Buck, one of the "wealthiest fruit
growers of Solano County.
The bank is an old established in
stitution and one of the strongest in
Central California. A movement has
been started to establish a new bank
In opposition to the old one, but the
sale was made to the promoters of
the proposed new enterprise, thus pre
cluding the establishment of another
bank.
Rumors of Opposition Cause Sale of
Control of Old Savings
Institution.
OXE BANK IS ENOUGH
FOR TOW.V OF VACA\TLUE
The ninth annual dinner of the Old
Guard of the Bohemian Club In the
red room last night "was rich in remin
iscence of the old days of the Institu
tion on Sacramento street. John Lan
ders presided and gained many com
pliments for the happy style in which
he conducted the function. Benjamin
Clarke and Samuel D. Mayer 6ang for
the delight of the company. A car
toon to commemorate the evening was
painted by R. N. Bloomer, one of the
charter members of the club. The pic
ture Is a study of California in the
days cf the pioneer. The 6cene repre
eents a canyon of the Sierras, with
Mount Shasta ln the distance. The
typical miner, the old stage coach and
emigrant wagon, and last, but not
least, the owl and the redoubtable
grizzly bear, have a place in the com
position.
Among greetings by wire tras one
cabled from Paris by Raphael "Welll,
under date of March 19. 1904. The
message, addressed to "Old Guard Bo
hemian Club, San Francisco," reads:
"Am with you in spirit and send
heartfelt greetings." The message also
suggests that Colonel A. G. Hawes
shall take charge of the arrangements
for the coming eighty-seventh birthday
anniversary of Uncle George T. Brom
ley.
Letters from Jennings S. Cox and
H. M. Bosworth, New York, and J. N.
H. Irwln of this city were read. A mes
sage by wire from Barton Hill and
John T. Malone of New York and
letters from Charles Josselyn, Horace
Hyi and Thomas Bishop were received.
The company at dinner consisted of
George T. Bromley, Alex G. Hawes,
Henry Marshall, George H. Wheaton,
Dr. George Chismore, Dr. Benjamin R.
Swan, R. N. Bloomer, Benjamin
Clarke, Samuel D. Mayer, David Bush,
M. Jasper McDonald, I. Gutte, John
Lenders and Hugh M. Burke.
The chairman was directed to cable
a responsive message to Raphael
"Weill. Clever speeches, interesting
stories and old time songs enlivened
the occasion. The dinner in many re
spects was the most successful ever
given by the founders of the club. I.
Gutte, secretary of the Sacramento
street membership, reported that fifty
two of the old time members of the
club are living.
Messages Wired From Paris
and New York to Merry
Company in the Eed Rooin
EEMIMSCENT CARTOON
Interesting Incidents of
Ninth Annual Dinner of
the Old Guard of Bohemia
BIRTH OF CLUB
IS CELEBRATED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 20, 190*.
48
Fortunes have been made in
San Francisco Real . Estate-
Splendid chances yet remain. ¦)!;.
See choice bargains adver-
tised in classified ada.
ADVZBTISEWCEXTS.
BlIBIBHIBiUllBIBllllllllllllllIlllllllIIIIll
¦ - . .• ¦ < B
B " ¦
3 Last week we told you what W. J. Ramsey of 511 Hayes street q
q says about our Rupture cure. Here is another: .„ g
D 'yl ' S. F., Cal., Feb. 10, '04. C
HJ ' "This is to certify tlrat I was cured by the Fidelity Rupture ¦
:-5 Cure^L after suffering pain with trusses 15 years. I am now able to B
iS do^ffy kind; 0" work without either pain or truss, and have done S
g so Tor nearly a year. I cheerfully recommend the Fidelity treat- jjjj
Q If you are in doubt, go and see these men. We can give you O
|Jj names and addresses enough to keep you calling a month — all cured ¦
S by us. Do. not risk comfort, health — perhaps your life — any longer, g
J free. No pay until cured.
1 Fidelity Rupture Cure g
¦ 1344 flarket Street 5an Francisco ¦
¦ : • • ' ¦•¦•¦¦¦ - *' ¦ ¦
'¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦BHIIIHmmilHUlHHHBB
HALE'S. * | HALE'S. f HALE'S: ;f HALE'S. I ' HALE»S. \ BALE'S.
i^^ EagterTwoW^eks; H^le 9 sandEconomy Now^^^
\f$0 % 'Wlltit© " ¦ ¦ '^^^M Greater-Beauty: Greater Variety in f^^f
\lr For Confirmation • %M&2mW tiS-St^S* wOSXtllTlCS
\T x. 1 ! ? Ioves ,O vhite stockings, white veilings; '^^\ U) \ m"i^^ - More of them, more perfect styles, more perfectly made. Not f jl /
' \l^ beautiful dainty things. Let's look at some of them. • \\
\lr F th D « • ' ¦ % v v^, i\L'VTK d^^jfe' -"*&£. tnat we could improve lurtner on. V\
f 'ao^Tnches^SuT' 12%Ct white stockings. 25c pair. ->^^P^SH^rar -^jf-^^^T But if s the range of styles that's important. If s , the secret of \
I 6s nc i 1 nche NV s 1 "wide at oiSsuc^^to^kinSrfor^confl^matfo^ ; \&^ii J - /ffl \ v^^^S^^^^^^*" thc success thev are having, how they are made to suit differ-
{ Whiteness swiss at wJT'v^V'r'l^*?',' 'r cnt women's requirements. Every woman has been thought of. \
' 12 %c to 60c, small and white Veilings for Confirmation : •¦». •; ?$t%^hwtfj}/\ yH^^ls'^Wti^MK^i IS^ fc^ r- #^ tj- j t_- -^ ' • i .
medwium dots. 72 inches, illusion net. 50c 75c and Here are .pretty, dashing suits, yet with a quiet demurencss
White batiste. 15c. 20c and 25c. $1.00. White nettings, plain bob- 'l.JWMWifi&XaffittYrfffi \ J thaf fli'rtQ wi'+Vi T,-r»n
White mull chiffon. 4 S Inches wide, from binet. 36 and 72 inches wide. l} ('%(!i!Ml i mr^^^ i WfflVffi W^rmF* *fvl ) I ' / J
it's walhabie 1300811 ' 1 muss easlly - j. 1^ 1 " and white> 25c " 35c and 45 ° '^¦^^^^&^M / jf^W^^^^mS^^ M' There one jnst as opposite as can be, yet just as swell, a splen-
tjtl,-. ri >a po'int d'Esprit netting-. 54 inches f^^jjjS^^^^O!^^- -~~ ~~ <iid costume with a dij^iity that appeals and holds you.
2-cla O sp" S ilk gloves, 50c pair. Sd^LOO ™* 75c; " lnChe3> M ° Wf^BSSSSi? Every suit practical, every suit made with regard to the way it will wear as well ts the
\T ' %' Jw^/^Ssffi^fSf**. wav iat lt w '^ look. Great variety all together, preat variety at every price. Every one with an
*"' \ Jf'K^^^^^mi^m case, prace and freedom that is most pleasing. Here are those with collarless coats. There those
w _ <fl -a • r> jL^IB ll^SW with broad flat lapels, semi-blouse effect. Those with iackets that have a vest; some with a shawl-
BB^iri £ll/P k IT*rilr :i 'TC l^y/^k'^A/ &^^J$$Jl$M$£lll '>ke cape from the waist over the shoulders. Then the military style.
* AC* II Vtt\. VI VilfviO nV/YV • .• Braid is the favorite trimming on the skirts; some skirts arc piped, and the new kilt effect
/¦• d ¦ c nx- • A'TmWvtffl^im ' s t0 ie ront ' will be glad to show them to you.
rirst big haster Offering at Hale S /^W$m§^Ml Materials— Homespuns, mixtures, worsteds, broadcloths, cheviots; some of the dressier coj-
Hundrcds of dozens at each price. It's the very quantity that stands . HilltSlf/Mf tumes are in voile,
back of the qualities, that stands back of the prices, for . |« IfI \ °[f &****** *"f«*, . .
.» l \ ; • i r^ I t > i ii r JmL iHPl V <\ Because we are able to buy more and place large orders, makers do things for us they can't
Ynil \A/ 1 1 1 M^\/ I PQC I h £} n Hnlf ¦ Hli' I'll afford to do for others; the benefits arc vours. See what it means now with Easter just two
1 UU ry ill I ay I^CC5d Ilia 11 liail jJSKkwl: « • ft weeks away. Vou will want a suit before you buy a hat. Come and see them first. Certainly no
This week at Hale's, as long as they last for handkerchiefs you would V^wl^wW' ! \'W\ woman should miss seeing them to-morrow and in the windows to-day. Now the prices:
be only too glad to pay full prices for New styles let them talk ' ; i»V At 515.00— Four styles: eton. blouse, kilted jacket At $13.75 — Skirts are box pleated and Carad; eton.
b pa* iuji prices lor. .\cw styles, let mem taiK. J0W M %yft&\ t'iif\ and Knglish walking jacket. All have the new blouse jackets, lined with silk and satin. Som-
At ZC ZVOrtk IOC At TiT-^r -COrt/l ?cr- /%fi* JPf Wl 'I 'WK ' ¦ ' I s Vk \ fanc y cufrs - flare and Pleated skirts; trimmed ha^f Birdies, some capes, some collars. «om*
»n« a i , u , ' dO/l/l2jC. j/W /I Ii S tl( lllW^ with silk, broadcloth, braid and buttons. Colors ,7 O rft ' f , ,
300 dozen fine lawn handkerchiefs. 450 dozen all pure linen haudker- jf/ffl ft in Sf \vll ft^^^^^V hin*. hlark hrnwn emv mixpd ind tan mix- At $22.50— 10 styles: eton. jacket and blouse, nma
fancy eoalloped and embroider- chiefs, with hemstitched bor- J?M 1' Ml h \BLV brown, gray mixed and tan mix have glrdleg> 8Ome p Ost i llpn soma with
ed borders. ders, edged with lace. n fc \\ W\ V^^^^^ \ lureB « large drooping capes, others with military capes.
a. w' ', vtfl fffl ¦ „ Ml % rl V^S- At $16 50— Eton blouse eton and walking lacket ef- Sflme have pointed sleeves, soma bishop sleeves.
At 9 c-worth J5 cand2oc: At 2 5 c-worth 35 c and 5 oc: H%|f/ \ \ M %S ¦ SS SiiSf^wiS- SS?S. SffiSSS. y^SS : bSSi* tr aaS. ?ffi
400 doren fine la^rn handkerchiefs. All pure linen handkerchiefs, with ¦ Jr \t Jt/S' m ir r out. Some with, new full sleeves, others with and satin lined.
with dainty lace border or three rows of insertion and . // . ~^ V Mff /.-I _-^— > ! fancy sleeves, pointed at the elbows, others with Other suits: $25. $27.50, $30. $32.50. $35. J37.50, $49
scalloped border. . wide borders of lace. t ¦ ? _^^4l //I' ' ' \jf ? J ¦ . • large fancy bishop sleeves; trimmed with braids. and up to $75. v ...
**5 !^s222£ i - 1/*' , y#2*^ cording, piping, stitched bands of same material Misses' suits: 13.75. $10.75, 114.75. JH.60. US.75, $29
} z*<._^ s t^£r f<^ and buttons. Skirts flare, kilted and pleated. and $22.50.
Scores of New Hats Add New Interest to This f^^ii^^ t «~~ r r «* M^-«:— -^ Ribbons, 22c yard
»— J «••<-•» \«^« - Dollar Lace curtains They're 5 iach« ,^6. *»».«»».
II >J_ m /S • H a ° v Hm' • ¦ j_: • ~ • -^ • -i-r too, same width. Plain. Regular 6oc
I— A O CfAJ 4 |W| Bill tH (^ f*\7 liC t^ I H \T A Coninlon Price: Uncommon Curtains. yar d.
L^tGt& (L^I IV&lillllWl V LJl&lJ l€Xj You can buy curtains at $1.00 most any day, but not curtains nai^hfpK Jffio^tuSffik elESt
( A » d there wer « more of them last week than women |*e th ese They're Nottinghams. ig yards long, from 48 to 50 SS£* "«" " u * ye "°^ most -^
:^^^^^m^% had seen elsewhere.) Most every dav brought box after 1 » cl ! es £ lde ! P re "y P a «erns for the dining-room or bedroom. ne^- o ti« ribbon you want^^t for th.
l»nv of hau frnm Ww YnrW Faster two wA»k«? from to- S P nn g house-cleaning is so near now, these will be a pleasant sur- buy again ourselves under 374c. out on
TTMBHBWW 1 TffaUtJar UOXOI liatS irom i\ew lOrK. master tWO WCeKS iroill 10 «„•,. tn Intc nf wnmpn Spp thpm tn mnrrnw nil tho serond floor tables to-morrow mornins and on th*
' dav the two most important weeks of all Now the Eas- P"se -to lots ot women, bee them to-morrow on tnt secona noor. b ln re , n fro t 0f^ th9 el9vator>
IHRnfffWflfl ill AUIt^ • ,' lllL _ luu inubt iinpuiidiu wccks ui an. i>ww tu<. tl 5{) Lace curtalns _ N>arly 600 pair?> 50 t0 54 in widp> 3% yards long:; lots of See , t ln the wlndow> 22c yard .
S -•y*aBFm$firBt wBwwP^^-- , tCr — thought in every woman S mind. • them different; fit for any room in the house; the fittest we have ever seen
/""*'"N!l^^f^ d*& M* '? LaSt eek WaS the busiest One yet with US. The j 3 .5O at Tipes{ry portieres are unusual, too; in blue, red and green and red and
if~*\ ¦•.1HK»L~ rl/'* / %' bricrhl days Showed how thoroughly women were appred- green mixtures; 3 yards long and 4 feet wide, with heavy Armour effect; mnn Prt>ttf*<*
\ \ —SKjS m) I ! 'V^i* v .- - • tt 1 1 r* ' e j a. handsome for in between the two rooms. $3.o0 pair. I UUU S^reiliest
.-»/" \ ating Hale Styles. Gave promise Of great days tO Come. Art Silkoline, 12^c— It's new, it's pretty; Oriental patterns; shown for the first Dictol DirTiiMe
/ .kww'v^^ii^. " /^'¦'¦^'""'¦-^ •• Wliilo it wne raininff'wp'H-crohiKvin flip wnrlfrnnm nian- time. Monday. Some Mojave effects. Drape the mantel or cozy corner with raSiei KICLUreS
j 4****^$£sgs^^J%m? % -.. u nne ir uas raining we were ousy in me worKroom, pian them and see how pretty they wlll look «• -
fi- s f 'S^^^iSS 7 ,-— >..••¦" \\ nine and perfecting these new Styles we are tO show this Axmlnster rug. $2.45— Sanaford & Sons. If you know the firm you know how »vcvc seen.
-V'*' -, /' ' ' ' : ¦¦iT^ 7 - ¦ ''¦:.':':¦': ~y •¦*• Vi 1 -vt » j t-i good they are. Oriental and other effects. -Vou may find them at $3.00 else- . Jn a sale Monday
QSf S S«' W '-:j:*S \Vj Week. NOW we re ready. These where, but we are going to sell them this week at JJ.45. 1ft __ '
ig / r #' jg W l\lPU/ ft-? CO H^t«: 1 RpvpiiJrinn Women who arc thinking of house furnishing, or of replacing the old IUC ODC 45C
%* \ | MS /fk J* 1>CW ® J:)}J ndL5, d iXCVCldLlUU. . w ith the new, think or Hale's this wek. You are welcome to come and Heads, groups, scenes.
\\ \ I '^p ,-f//? No two alike. All of them hand made. Not one that's been ] O ok over the whole line. We want you to know it, so if you are not Exquisitely done in colors—covered
v^ \-'y{.. Mjtfi lij shown before. Every one, with the style, the beauty, the finish ready to buy just yet you'll come to Hale's when you are. • with gla3s, framed daintily in brass
\ ;fv%; |*|f (:./// of the hats you'll pay $6.00 for elsewhere. " • and with a chain to hang them by.
$*?;tfi§r* = r -^ Women who saw those we showed last week, were aston- • — The 10c ones are 7^x7%.
%iWi ffi ished. They will be still more astonished at these. Let's look - w-^ J> * rTv ¦* ¦* ~?h^ l-Z Z™* £T e iVJ^f 11% *
f"%. iff at a few of them as close as we can. AOO ReflSlireafiS tRl.10 iS-VSSdb^t? tow room la th.
\ •; HI . SEE THE ONE IN THE PICTURE. The three shapes WV UVUOpi vQUO d V Cpi«lVf house .
\<M W that arc the most popular this spring are all here: Here in bigger Th Ve crocheted . o f three-ply yarn, hemmed, all ready for use. see^ha^hey"^^ 81 " 8 "" y ° U
%fofl f variety than you 11 find elsewhere: Incomes. Turbans, the big Maybe you can find a soiled spot on some of them, maybe some of Every one who s «es them will buy
\Wf - Picture Hats in every material and every co or. New browns. them have thread dropp ed. They're one maker's, seconds, equal to lots of to-morrow, ao don't wait too Ion*.
W/ violets and reds Hats of lace, of mahne of cluffon. of makers ' firsts . We should sell them at $1.25 at the very lowest. All sizes, ¦
B/ \ ratd - i^ nd r • /J em t'hJJ« r'n-nfnr vanety-notwo o hcre to-morrow at $1.10. $1.50 quality at $K2 9 . $1.65 quality at $1.40.
lU them alike. . Come and see them to-morrow. ! 300 spreads at S1.20-Regular $1.36 Satin quilts. $2.00-White; double bed CottOttStuffS
And all of these other hats out for the first time. spreads; size 79x90; double bed size; : size. 76x87: handsome raised pat- r i( - .. \r-,,. rt «>,««,,
At $475, at $5.50, at $8.00. Exquisite creations up to S1S00. .. % heavy. At $1.50. ' terns. J2.25 quality. fashion s * nest Fanaes
Pattern hats from Paris— but come and see them to-morrow. Women who are their own milliners eathcr . spread out in a Droad, big. convincing
lots of hints. There is a whole corner in flowers. We like to have vou come and look." , , ! wa y a ! Hales this week. Its an
— : ' 1 , ¦ tirtAA O1~* 'Am A. ' W A authoritative display. Percales.
Clin£in£ Soring Silks i§ii^f$i£P 1200 Sheets at 54c . s^g^sfe^
v'*!* l£Ll 1 *$sL XJ^MJL lla&l X^lliiO in candy boxes and cards. c . o , £ , r-- . r. ixr ». j ;« thu
C> c5 K^ O tt J . f .. Size 81x90, regular 6oc sheet. Pine and soft, yet firm. We had to is tnis
Lighter .DreSS Stuffs for Easter . e in variety now. buy a whole lot more than we should in order to get the price. Now we ChamD3PTie NrtV^ltv
Arc at their vprv hc<;t at Halo'? nmu Here's a Happy Hooligan; Gloomy have made prices lower to be sure of selling them quickly. It's a rare /r Td , if lr v »
Are at their \ery best at Wale S now Gus A i phonse and G aston natural as chance. Think of the size, 81x90. (See Window.)
bolt Japanese silks, Habutai silks, satin liberty, new chiffons, can be. They're hungry for candy. Double Warp Sheets c;oc- Economy Sheets =rc- lVs 4° c . a y ard - ll has the daintiest
foulards and messalines. Most every day adds something new. Fill them now and have them ready It has double t^ e wear of the ordinary 54x90. reinforced in the' center. It's one imaginable colors. It looks lUce
Let's look at the prices and see whv women are eettihe more in- lor taster - 5C, IOC and 25c. kind; made extra heavy of extra of the best sheets we know of; the Slik » nmsned with small woven fig-
i,»r^rf^ in Ha1»t«&;i1rai£m1 Hr<» K « fi-,or, «^^ Chickens on the nest; the nest is good muslin. 64x90. strongest. ures in the same color. It's liked
ii, • . il f t g a wicker basket;.ioc and 15c. SiSo^Sbc" " -l^loZSsc a^Eo"-? 0 - so much in New York they cant
1 ?* y 2 ard. ln wl? S^Sa 2dtS«l° for candy boxesf rabbit on 81x90-65c. .. .. 7.x90-6oc. 9 0x90-.oc. make it fast enough This b the
hasn't affected, our prices, but 1A0 vard stand, 5c to 50c. ' . first we have seen of it in Saa
Pon£. w M?ffVe« we' And ,J.e m.,.^. ro^ «*., ,??** ciri ! ' "^J^l *»" S Every One's Enthusiastic Over Frand!CO - ' «* yard -
fprlng. Here's a 30-inch one at where, every yard new, 24 inch- , r " , • I fllC l^lc^^A/ »l r^\A/r^ 9 f^\7 • Ho«! oHt'chIn r««^«*
$1.00 and $1.25. , es wide, at 7Cc and $1.00. Here s a little stuffed duck, cute as 1 I11O 1 W TV UWYVvll V ¦ lier LauySrllp COfSet
Here's unusual interest for to-morrow in can he. 50c. \'j '*. '11 '~~isL JlX:. • 11 -r t Its the corset to have your Easter
U- D 1 T~44 f CQ^ Easter cards are from cc to 2er -K;«t And lt-Wlll make yOU enthusiastic, especially if you are think- dress fitted over. It glvea a perfect
Haie S Royal Taffeta It 58C , ,.£?** Zrl-T* l - S *^ s ino- of what von arp to wear Faster See how nrettv \\ U hnw n » ure - Women who wear It siV If.
T , . . ., i I-, -it r • f • j j i • i • t_ va "cty. Bigger, variety now than mg 01 wnat you are to wear master, see now pretty it is, now the mO3t comfortable corset they havo
Its 19 inches wide, a splendid silk for interlining and drop skirts, with there will be later. ¦ i much there is of it, economy to every piece. It's all'new. ever had on -
a rustle and luster you would expect to pay one-half more for. • rrJ!ii»i „ ,.,-f-v,^:« o* Tf'= -» a*..- i. t;. i,-,j -„, i a *«. Prices from $1.00 to $10.00; erery
And see these black silks; 22-Inch taffeta at 65c; 23-inch wide peau de soie — t 1 "^* wat( *? in at U -! 3 f fleUr dc ' & hard cnamclcd ' P rctt y as model Private ttttlnr paxlor. ud aa
at $1.00. And Hale quality back of them both. ' n i -»* can bc> ; You would never guess it at 25c. expert to fit you.
m ST&JSS^SS^'i^SS^ri^J^^ *!,* 18 , C S £fCial Price has a^in .0 carry » by. . M EMHc for itntnff
New Tailored. Suitinsrs— New colors Jn broadcloths are here in endless Where the Silvery Colorado Chain bracelets, silver-plated, with lock and key, at 25c. • or falling hair ts entirely new to San
variety. Wends Its Way." -^ Let's look at some more. . Francisco. It cures where lots of others
-rs-f"- J**§? J>*mr .. _, "My Rosary." by Lust Hatpins at 10c. new ones, of turquoise Waist Pin Seta. 25c. *Black and tur- f ail -
1&*2<J£*/^&£¥/ //*& If Yo " Live Tt'c o ¦ or with crvstal t0 P- s - or others of quolso. blue enameled. in silver
>&lfQa|i§£^£a|j/ (efflS^-v /£ff , rrx /^ q t j -y l s a sac rea gem. j e f. round balls in pearl or colors; and gold plated; three or four rS5L^S5^^P **3?
/^'^^ff^^^^f^^^^^^ <jJ$^$W i SOnd W S y , ° u r ''Und"r th^A SC ' h ° tt E° 1 " Buckle r pins"5 S Oc? n silver gray ones, ster- Necklacel^SSc. It's new. a gold-plated ML*^f*^^^^
(£$[ jaftfy^w _,^^y r "** g^ .send you our new step. ...;¦';.' -. • ¦;'.' And here is a powder box. 25c. A little Silver Thimbles, 25c. sterling. Others /£*/
*& _ a&fh*±m^ JZ^^^ja ¦ <atalog, full of spring Second • floor mmir «sfar»i'n«» sone-. 1 attached to. a chain; carry It ¦ S5c to 75c. -^"^ T^ **mn fmni
-^fc^QP GQO&&>>^ ideas. : - tnr,«r Starting . wlth you It . g oxl0lzed , with puff Earrings. 25c. pearl. They're ths ~ —^-^
' ~ I'lo-morrow.. ; ,.' T . , and mirror. . screw kind with gold filled wires. 1 Market Street, Near Sixth.