War News Continued on Page 4.
VICTORIA. B. C. March 24.— Copper
airtight compartments from a British
ship's lifeboats, found among wreckage
on the west coast, furnish further proof
of the wreck of the Lamorna. A life
buoy and a tub were picked up by In
dians, on Barkley Sound. Both are
marked "Lamorna."
Wreckage or the Lamorna Found.
Kronstadt Will Soon Be Ice-Free.
KRONSTADT. March' 24.— A. chan
nel : is ;being cut through the ice so as
to enable : steamship communication
with the* shore. The ice in the Neva
Is expected to go out within a fort
night.: :
VANCOUVER. B. C. March 24. — A
savi».I force is provided for in the Do
minion appropriations this year. A
force ef 2000 men trill be raised at
lirrt. the nucleus o? which is already
to be found in the men employed on
the cruisers in the Canadian fisheries
protection service. One cruiser will
be secured for the Atlantic und an
other for the Pacific -Coas*
Natal Force for the Dominion.
LOS ANGELES. , March 24.— Two
cars on the Los Angeles Paclflc Rail
way crashed together in a head on
collision to-day at the Junction of the
Hollywood and Colegrove lines and as
a result Mrs. Maria A- Smith of Port
age. Wis-. was probably fatally in
jured and a number of other passen
gers were more or less bruised.
STREET CARS COLLIDE
AND A WOMAN IS HURT
Accident on a line In Los Angeles
3Iay Canse Wisconsin Resident's
Death.
German Emperor Is Saluted by Vic
tor's Mediterranena Fleet
at Naples.
NAPLES. March 24.— Emperor Wil
liam arrived here to-day on board the
j North German Lloyd steamship Koenig
j Albert, escorted by the German cruiser
I Prinz Friederich Karl, and was saluted
by the whole Italian Mediterranean
fleet. The members of the German col
ony here met the Emperor at Capri.
The first message received by Empe
ror William was a telegram from King
Victor Emmanuel, bidding him wel
come and signing himself "your affec
tionate friend and loyal ally."
An immense crowd of people wit
nessed the Emperor's arrival and
cheered while the cannon boomed. The
J ladies -of Naples sent many beautiful
I floral decorations to the Imperial yacht
j Hohenzollern, which the Emperor
'boarded soon after his arrival here.
ITALIAN GUNS ROAR
WELCOME TO WILLLOI
BERLIN, March 24.— Russia has
purchased thevTelefunkeh , system of
wireless telegraphy for use, in, connec
tion! with the transportation; of troops
across Lake Baikal. The "apparatus
already has been shipped.
Russia Bays Wireless' Telegraph.
cating ; the : Russians, seemed to lead
them to imagine that Japan would sac
rifice anything rather than fight. The
entire correspondence, according to the
representative of the Times, shows that
Russia. was inventing frivolous pretexts
for delay, and that the Government In
St. " Petersburg- subordinated itself to
¦Viceroy --Alexieff throughout the nego
tiations. - . -¦•"•-'
The Tpkiocorrespondent of the Times;
commenting ; . upon the white \ book re
cently Issued, says that the signal con
cession in Japan's last note during the
negotiations with ' Russia/ offering to
recognize Manchuria as outside of Ja
pan's political " sphere,- Instead 9 of- pla-
leave their anchorage. Eight battle
ships and cruisers and ten torpedo-boat
destroyers are now uninjured and "often
leave the harbor, but never go far from
the fer£s. Japanese naval officers praise
the quality of the Russian torpedo-boat
destroyers, which, they confess. - have
done excellent- work: but they declare
that the Russian shells are badly fused
and fail to explode, except when they
strike direct upon armor, and that their
charges of guncotton are Insufficient" to
cause serious damages. ,;
The Daily Mail's "Shanhaikwan .cor
respondent says that the Japanese are
secretly engaging Chinese to act as Ir^
regular corps. , ;
The correspondent of the Times at
Shanghai says that United States Con
sul Davidson 'will start forhis post at
Antung next week, and that he has ar- €
ranged with the? Japanese; naval au
thorities to ; assist his vessel I to reach
Its destination. ¦ ¦ - . ¦ :
LONDON. March 25.— The Daily Tele
graph's circumstantial report from its
Tokio correspondent that the Japanese
succeeded In bottling up Port Arthur
Ion the night of March 22 is .not con
[ firmed from any other quarter. The
( special dispatches to the other morning
papers announce no new developments
in the situation, but throw a few side
lights on the operations.
: The . Standard's Tientsin correspond
! ent says. that Viceroy Alexieff renewed
his demand for the withdrawal of all
Chinese officials and soldiers from Man-/
churia. on the ground that otherwise it
would be impossible to conduct the v.-ar
prc-perly."
The Daily Mail's correspondents give
from Japanese sources some details of
tjje ' condition of Port Arthur, which
were gathered during a recent visit of I
! a Chinese junk there. . It is asserted
that a boom had been placed across
the entrance to the roadstead, which
was alive with mines, so defective and
so carelessly laid as to equally endan
ger both Russian and Japanese vessels.
The. damaged Russian warships, these
reports say. were' repaired with, such
haste that it is dangerous for them to
ALEXIEFF RENEWS DEM AMD UPON CHINA
LONDON". March 24.— The Bank of
n^gland at its semi-annual meeting to
day only declared a dividend of 4^ per
tent for the last six mc-nths. This" was
the- first time in seven years that the
dividend has b*«n below 10 per cent
I»er annum. The governor of the bank
«aJd the profits for the six months end
ing February 29 were S3.315.2a5. and that
after providing for the dividend the
amount of the "rest" on that dat» was
jio.ow.m
Diu'dcnd of !U Per Cent. Which Has
Jus-t B*"cn Dwiarcd. l-> the Lowest
in J^even Yran».
1. \\A INC OFF IN PROFITS
OP THE BANK OF ENGLAND
PARIS, March 24.— The case of the
republic of Colombia against the Pan
ama Canal Company was resumed to
day. The Public Minister, correspond
ing in French" procedure to an attor
ney general, submitted an opinion set
ting forth the complete non-receivabil
ity of Colombia's complaint, both as
against the company and the liquida
tors cf the old company. The court
adjourned until April 1. when it is prob
able that a decision will be rendered.
Company.
French Public 3Ilnlster Speaks in the
Case Against Panama Canal
COLOMBIA'S COMPLAINT
A SUBJECT OF ATTACK
- The Tokio dispatch to the London Daily Telegraph, reporting that the Japanese had succeed
ed in closing the entrance to the harbor at Port Arthur, evidently was sent before. the foregoing re
port from Admiral Togo was received. Inasmuch as the admiral makes no mention of having block
aded the channel, the London journal's report must be taken with extreme reserve. The .statement that
sixteen battle-ships escorted the merchantmen which were sunk *ai the harbor entrance is absurd,
but the. correspondent probably meant sixteen- warships of all kinds.
Passrarrr. Engineer, Brakrman and
Porter Arc Hurt in Montana
Disaster.
HELENA. Mont., March 24.— A
Great Northern passenger train collid
ed with a rotary snowplow near
Browrsir.;? to-day. One passenger. En
gineer Carroll, Brakeman Driscoll and
the porter were injured. All trains
are meeting with difficulty, owing to
the strong wind, which is drifting the
snow fcudly.
REDDING. March 24.— A soft road
».*»d caused a locomotive and thr^e
<ars of a northbound freight train to
!~.,« t h*. rails last night at Wall
Crcl: on the Oregon side of the Sis
kiyou mountains. The derailed cars
remained upright. No one was hurt,
but traffic was tied up all day by the
licciJent. ¦_.;-¦_¦: .?,
PASSENGER TRAIN RCNS
INTO PLOW IN THE SNOW
PORTLAND. Or., March 24.— The
American headquarters of the China
Commercial Company, which is to ope
rate its steamships in connection with
those of the Portland g and Asiatic Com
pany of the Harriman system, will Jbe
established in Portland next month.
General Manager J. V. C. Comfort of
the China Commercial Company has re
ceived orders tn that effect and will
arrive here an the return trip" of the
steamship Lothian. Following the
plan of the roads operating steamship
lines out of Puget Sound, which is to
solicit business in the East when the
rush is over with local cargo ship
ments, the Harriman system has eent
letters to their Eastern offices beyond
the Missouri and to the Union Pacific
and Oregon Short Line soliciting busi
ness and informing them that this city
will shortly have a ten-day schedule
with a fleet of eight carriers.
Hnrriman System Is Soliciting Busi
ness at Points Beyond Missouri
for China Via Portland. v ;
PREPARING TO OPERATE
NEW STEAMSHIP LINE
BAKERSFIELD. March 24.— An Im
portant suit was filed In the Superior
Court of this county to-day, wherein
Miller & Lux. the Kern County Land
Company and all the canal companies
in the business of diverting water from
Kern River make application for a
permanent injunction against the Kern
River Company, which la engaged In
installing an extensive power plant tor
the purpose of furnishing Los Angeles
and other cities in' Southern California
with electrical power. A number of
other appropriators of water from the
North Fork of Kern River are made
defendants in the suit and the com
plaint asks to have their respective
rights established. Meantime a tem
porary restraining order Is requested
until It shall be determined whether
or not a permanent injunction shall be
issued to restrain the Kern River Com
pany and other appropriators from
damming the river and otherwise ob
structing and diverting the flow of the
water.
TOKIO, March 24. — Vice Admiral Togo's report of the fifth attack on Port Arthur, which
was made on March 22. reached Tokio to-night and is as follows:
"The combined fleet acted according to the plan arranged. ¦ Two flotillas of destroyers were
outside Port Arthur, as instructed; from the night of the 21st to the morning of the 22d. Although
during this time our destroyers were under fire of the enemy, they sustained no damage. The main
fleet arrived off Port Arthur at 8 o'clock on the morning of the 22d. .1' dispatched a part of the fleet
in the direction of Pigeon Bay and ordered the battle-ships Fuji and Yashima^to make .an indirect
bombardment against the inner side of the port. During the bombardment the enemy's ships grad
ually came out of the harbor and at the time when the indirect bombardment stopped, which was
about ,2 o'clock, the. number of Russian ships was five battle-ships, four cruisers and several destroy
ers. We believe the enemy was trying by making a movement of their fleet to draw us. nearer to the
forts. The enemy's ships shelled us indirectly and many of their shots fell near the battle-ship Fuji,
but our ships sustained no damage. At about 3 o'clock our vessels withdrew off the port."
T OGO'S OFFICIAL REPORT OF BOMBARDMENT
Proceedings Involving the
Flow of Kern Eiver Axe
* Commenced at Bakersfield
TO ESTABLISH
WATER RIGHTS
LONDON, March 25. — The Daily Telegraph publishes a dispatch from its Tokio correspond
ent under yesterday's date, which says :
"On the night of March 22 the Japanese fleet renewed the attempt to bottle up Port Arthur.
Sixteen battle-ships escorted seven merchantmen to the mouth of the harbor and under cover of the
bombardment the steamers ran in and were sunk in desired positions. Three thousand Japanese offi
cers and bluejackets volunteered for this duty. An official report is expected this evening.' 5
McKay's story is to the effect that
he was married about six years ago
in Lincoln, I1L He lived with his wife
only a short time and after leaving
her he took up his residence in Kansas
City. There he became acquainted
with and married another woman, al
though not legally separated from his
first wife. He left the second wife
soon after the wedding ceremony and
came to California. The crime he com
mitted in the East so preyed upon his
mind that he concluded to surrender
himself. Judging from latest advices,
McKay will not be prosecuted.
_ 0
SAX RAFAEL. March 24.— After five
years of mental anguish due to having
committed crime, James McKay sur
rendered hiir..jelf to the police here.'
McKay informed Sheriff W. P. Taylor
that he wished to be sent to Lincoln,
111., where he would plead guilty to a
charge of bigamy. Sheriff Taylor com
municated with officials of Lincoln and
ascertained that McKay had com
mitted bigamy several years ago, but
that there was no warrant out for his
arrest.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Dispatch From Japan's Naval \> Chief Indicates
That Russia's Five Battleships Are
Again in Service.
Self-Confessed Bigamist Sur
renders Himself to the
Sheriff of Marin County
CHINESE. BRIGANDS ATTACKING COSSACKS ON THE : 3IANCHURIAN " FRONTTER.
CRIME PREYS
ON HIS MIND
LINCOLN. Neb., March 24.— A dis
patch from Norfolk says the town was
dark at noon to-day from an immense
cloud of smoke which came from fresh
prairie fires west of here. Many per
sons rushed to their cyclone cellars.
The wind increased and switched to the
northward. The fire did much damage
in that section. Many houses and barns
near Atkinson were destroyed. A blaze
from Simmons ran thirty miles.
The fire which threatened Newport
had taken another tack and is head
ing for the town of Amelia, which it is
believed will be destroyed. The wind,
which spread the fire, caused a drop of
37 degrees in temperature.
Hays was arrested this afternoon by
United States Marshal H. Z. Osborne of
Los Angeles. The specific charge is the
embezzlement of $3000 from the Oranga
Growers* National Bank on August 4.
1900. This will have the effect of tak
ing the case Into the Federal court.
Receiver J^ W. Wilson, in charge of
the affairs of the defunct Orange Grow
ers' National Bank, gave out the fol
lowing statement this morning:
"It will be impossible to gain any ex
act knowledge of the affairs of the
Orange Growers' National Bank until
every detail cf its business has been
gone Into. We are at work on the books
now, and it will be at least a week or
ten days before we are finished. My re
port will be made to the Comptroller
of the Currency at Washington, and I
am not allowed to make anything pub
lic .as to my findings. All statements so
far published have been without basts
of authoritative information, and ara
merely rumor."
RIVERSIDE. March 24.— H. T. Hays
was arraigned before Superior Judge
Noyes at 5 o'clock this evening on three
of the charges against him. The infor
mation alleges thefts in the following
sums: Five thousand dollars on Octo
ber 10. 1902; $5000 on October 9. 1302, and
$5000 on August 4, 1303. The Informa
tions are practically identical in lan
guage on all the warrants. Hay3
pleaded "not guilty" to each charge and
then, upon being informed by the court
that he could have time to plea3, with
drew his plea, and the time was set for
next Monday at 2 p. m. Hays was re
manded to jail, being unable to furnish
a $40,000 bond.
CHICAGO. March 24.— One of the
inert severe storms this city has kcowi
Ir. many years passed over Chicago to
night. Great damage was done in the
suburbs to the south of the city, and
Enoch loss was sustain*^ by the people
living to the north of the city proper.
The stcrm did not strike the business
portion of the city in its greatest forte.
Three persons are known to be dead,
Eevcral are fatalb' hurt and at midnight
a number were reported missing.
The town of Indiana Harbor, twenty
rr.i>-5 southeast of Chicago, en the
L«ke thore and Michigan Southern
XliiiJroad. was the heaviest sufferer.
? •n? r.'.an, L. Barker, the proprietor of
a Iry poods store, was killed and flf
:• .'i: rcople were in his store when
ihf f torra struck !t were injured, some
of th^m seriously, although none are
expected to die. Barker's store was
<;• molfshed.
: Eighteen residences were blown down
ai.d a cumber of people were hurt in
«ie rules of their tomes. Th<* number
of r^pte injured at Indiana Harbor
trfJJ rr-"--'ably approximate twenty-five.
A 'I ibr»?«» of the hotels in the place
v.*r» badly damaged. Green's Hotel in
particular b^ing badly wrecked. One
two-story frame building was turned
entirely over.
The Etnrm created havoc in the town
of Hammond, Ind. A number of resi
dences were badly damaged and two
p. rp> were injured, but not fatally.
Ore er.4 of the large plant of the Re
public Iron and Steel Company was
b! n wn down, causing a loss of at least
$115,000. A number of business houses
ti«?re unroofed.
In Gracd Crossing, eight miles south
cf Che center of the city, a number of
¦ buildings were wrecked.
To the north of the city the storm
ra5 al«o severe, much damaee having
b»^n dr.ii* in the suburbs of Evanston,
Roger? Park and Thornton.
An exceedingly heavy fall of rain ac
companied the storm.
In the suburban town of Thornton
the frame dwelling of E. W. Gardner
M as blown into a stone quarry and re
duced to kindling wood. Gardner was
fatally hurt and his wife sustained
strious injury. Several other persons
up re injured.
EAST ST. LOUIS, 111.. March 24.—
An electrical 5tonn, accompanied by a
hi^h- -.vind and a heavy fall of rain,
csuse<l much damage here to-night.
The lightning stnii.k many buildings,
among then the plant of a fireworks
r>anufactory. which exploded and thr«^»
of the large buildings were burned. A
large number of persons tvere injured,
many dwellings df molished and the loss
will reach many thousands of dollars.
I • All companies of the National Guard
that have not already been ordered put
I are under orders to be prepared to take
the field at short notice. As yet only
Troop A of Telluride is on duty at that
place, but it is unofficially announced
that the Meeker troop has been ordered
to proceed to Telluride and that several
companies of infantry will also be sent
there-
Governor Peabody to-day issued or
ders to Adjutant General Bell to send
300 more soldiers to ,Tel!uride.
"The miners may return if they be
have themselves." said the Governor.
A dispatch received to-day from
Telluride. which had been censored by
Captain Bulkley Wells, contained the
news that twenty Finlanders left that
place to-day. It is inferred from this
fact that the deportation of strikers
and their families has been resumed
by the military.
President Charles H. Moyer of the
Western Federation of Miners is now
at Ouray. where he is conferring with
the Telluride exiles. It Is the plan of
the federation to send back to Telluride
now and then a few of the exiles and
ascertain whether they will be allowed
to return" to their homes under martial
law. If the men are driven out again
they will abide their time until martial
law is lifted. Then they will return un
der the protection of the injunction is
sued by Judge Theron Stevens.
It was reported to-day that the West
ern Federation of Miners had made a
second appeal to President Roosevelt
to send Federal troops to Colorado. The
union men take the ground that Gov
ernor Peabody only put martial law in
force In Telluride to prevent the in
junction against the citizenry from be
coming operative. It is further stated
that the Governor has prevented the
deported men from enjoying their full
rights as loval American citizens, and
the call on the President for aid con
tends • that Governor Peabody is vio
lating the provisions of the Federal
constitution. Two previous requests for
Federal troops have been made, one
from the Governor and one from the
miners, and both were refused.
ORDERS TO CAVALRY. .
Governor Peabody said to-day that
he declared San Miguel County in a
state of Insurrection and rebellion be
cause of the representations made to
him by public officials and citizens of
towns, who declared that a body of
men were arming outside the county
to join with men within the county
for the purpose of destroying prop
erty and inflicting personal injuries on
persons in Telluride. The message sent
to Governor Peabody is signed by
Mayor R. N. Rogers, several of the
Aldermen, the City Attorney, a Deputy
Sheriff, the County Attorney, two of
the militia officers living in that vi
cinity and by many other citizens.
STRIKERS ARE DEPORTED.
A special train bearing troops left
Denver for Telluride this afternoon.
The entire force of 300 men will be un
der command of Adjutant General
Sherman M. Bell.
The following notice was issued by
the local Miners* Union to the members
of the United Mine "Workers of
America to-day:
4> The declaration of martial law in
this county by Major Hill of the Colo
rado National Guard makes it obliga
tory upon all law-abiding citizens to re
spect and obey .the military authority
in every particular. I therefore call
upon all the members of our union to
see that no vtolatjons of this law are
permitted within our. ..ranks." t - ..
DENVER. March .24.— Military .law
fs in operation to-day in two Colo
rado counties— San Miguel and Las
Animas. Reports from both districts
are to the effect that present conditions
are peaceful. At -Telluride, San Miguel
County, press censorship is exercised
and no news is sent out except such as
is approved by the military authorities.
No press censorship has yet been es
tablished at Trinidad or other towns
in the coal fields.
. TRINIDAD. Colo., March 24.—Mar
tial law Is In full force throughout
Las Anlmas County. Detachments of
the militia were sent to Segundo to
day. Charles Bent was assaulted and
badly beaten by two Italians, who were
later arrested by the troops and
brought to jail. Bent was Deputy
Sheriff at Segundo prior to martial
law. . u-V-i;
Wind That Has Spread the Destroying
Blaze Causes a Big Drop in
the Temperature.
Falling Timbers of a Store Cause One
Death and Eouses Are Over
tamed and Demolished.
Companies in Disturbed Districts Are
Increased and State's Entire
Force Is Under Arms.
Experts Who Are Working on Book
of Bank Will Not B3 Able to
Report for Another Week.
Frightened Residents Run
to Cyclone Cellars
Jof Safety.
Scores oi People Sutler
Injuries in Nearby
Towns.
Prisoner Is Sent Back to
Jail, Being Unable to
Give Bonds.
Strikers and Their Families
Are Deported by the
Three Persons Perisli
and Some Are _
Missing.
Hays Enters a Plea
of Not Guilty to
Militia of Colorado
Guard Against
Ruining Prairie Fire
Races Toward
TT
Homes.
SOLDIERS
RULE TWO
COUNTIES
TEMPEST
SWEEPS ON
CHICAGO
NEBRASKA
TOWN MAY
BE DOOMED
DISGRACED
CASHIBR IS
ARRAIGNED
TOKIO CLAIMS PORT ARTHUR HARBOR IS BLOCKED;
ADMIRAL TOGO SENDS DETAILS OF THE ATTACK
Aleasar— M P»rilfa£ w > ' ' •
CalifcrniA— "£ri* of S-sreder."
Ceatral — "Tie King of Detec
tives."
Columbia "Harriet"! Honcy
xnccn."
Chntea — Vandexille.
Kscher 1 *— "The Sounders."
Grand Opera-Honse — "Slary at
XXaffdala."
Orpneam — 7anderille»
TiToU— "Hr. Pickwick."
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, MARCH 25, 1001.
VOLUME XCV— NO. 11G.
TBX WSATEE& r "
Forecast m&de at Ean Fraa
cisco for thirty hours eafllrg
midaisrfci, March 25:
San Francisco and vicinity —
Cloudy, unsettled weather Pri
day; prchatly showers ; fresh
westerly wind*.
A. G. McAPEE.
- District Forecaster.
The San Francisco CallWASHINGTON, March 24.— The
House Committee on Merchant Ma
rine and Fisheries to-day authorized
a favorable report on the Fry bill, ex
tending the coastwise laws of the
United States to the Philippine Isl
ands July 1, 1905. without amend
ment The vote was 7 to 5, two Re
publicans and three Democratic mem
bers making up the minority vote.* A
motion to postpone the operation of
the laws to 1909. made by Lucking
was lost on a strictly party vote. . An
other motion making the time 1906
resulted in a tie vote.
The bill was then voted on as it
passed the Senate. Mr. Lucking en
deavored to amend it by "a require
ment that, all vessels in the trad*
should be manned by, American or
Philippine sailors, but this was lost
by a party vote.
Honse Committee Reports Favorably
on Sleasurc Affecting Philippines.
COASTWISE LAWS BILL.
LIMA. March 24.— The United State* Ta
< iftc equadmn will ea'.l to-morrow for Panama.
KANSAS CITY. Mo., March 24. —
Fire In Jones' mammoth retail
store at Twelfth and Main streets
to-day caused a loss estimated at
$130,000, fully insured. Of the loss,
$90,000 is on stock and $40,000 on
building, which is owned by Octave
Chanute of Chicago. The nVe- was
started by lightning in one of the less
er of seven buildings, a five-story
structure at 1221 and 1223 Main street,
that make up the Joribs Brothers'
store. The main building was saved
by being shut off by iron doors.
Augustus M. Merrill, aged 50 years, a
spectator, w-as struck on the forehead
by the nozzle of a -burst pipe and
fatally injured. Merrill is a clerk.
Mammoth Retail Store Is Badly Dam
aged, But the Loss Is Fully Cov
ered by Insurance. ¦'
LIGHTNING CAUSES KIG
FIRE IN KANSAS CITY
MME. CARO ROMA SINGS
BEFORE PAPYRUS CLUB
reach Tucson to-morrow, he having
left here yesterday upon -receiving a
dispatch announcing the serious con
dition of hiR wife. y>
San- Jo«v Physician Dead.
SAN JOSE.V March 24.— Dr. George
Ivins, a former prominent physician of
Los Angeles, died at his home at 243
South First street this" morning frov*
pneumonia and heart failure. He ,had
been a resident of 'this city - for a&out
a year and a half.
Resident of Livermore Dead.
LIVERMORE,: March 24. — -John
Concannon died March 22 at the home
yot his^parents V in . Livermore. De
ceased was 21 years of ! age and un
married. : ;
Mrs. R. E. Revalk and Mrs. Wallace
Wheaton . Briggs Assist in Ren
dering Programme.
The Papyrus Club, among its many
good programmes, had an exceptional
ly interesting one, at its afternoon of
yeeterday that was devoted to the
compositions of Mme. Caro Roma.
Further interest attached to the pro
gramme in that the club was fortunate
in securing the gifted*Californian to
interpret her songs, and -also valuable
assistants in Mrs. R. E. Revalk. a
sister of Mme. Roma, also gifted with
a delightful voice, and Mrs. Wallace
Wheaton Briggs. .The compositions In
cluded many that have found favor
on both sides of the Atlantic, notably
the well-known "Violets," that was
demanded by general request, and
"The Wandering One," a song cycle
that created a very favorable impres
sion on its production In England two
or three years ago.
Mme Roma, who was In charming
voice, opened the programme with
the songs "Forbidden" and "Separa
tion " The songs are both valuable,
ably written, and full of
clicirrn
Mrs.' Wallace Wheaton Briggs had
the somewhat arduous task of in
terpreting the song cycle with its six
numbers. She acquitted herself well,
particularly in the beau:iful "Doubt
Not" and "The Letter.". To Mrs.
Revalk's charge fell the . interpretation
of one of Mme Roma's most fortunate
efforts, the sacred solo "Abide With
Me " Mrs. Revalk has a pure and pow
erful dramatic soprano, and gave most
sympathetic rendering to the delight
ful number. She was enthusiastically
encored.;.^:;*" ,' ,' .-•
The programme closed with the sing
ing of "Violets" by Mme. Roma, at
the general request of the club. Dr.
A. Rcgensburger added materially to
the pleasnre of the. programme by his
excellent obligatos. and Leo Cooper
told pome humorous and clever stories
that were much e/ijoyed.
Loctnrcs on Passion Play.
Ceiitral Methodist Episcopal
Church on Mission. street last night a
large audience enjoyed' an* interesting
lecture on, the "Passion Play" by the
Rev. .George W. White, D. D. The
lecture was illustrated by a number of
fine colored views, showing the play
as seen at Oberammergau in 1900. The
entertainment waa given under ¦ the
auspices of : the .Woman's HomevMis-
The performance of "Mary of Mag
dala" at tb^ Grand Opera-house last
evening proved a most trying ordeal
for Mrs. Minnie Maddern Fiske. Early
in the evening Bhe complained of feel
ing ill and later her condition became
euch that It was feared that she would
have to abandon her part. She, how
ever, would not listen to the sugges
tion and persisted in continuing the
performance, during which she had
several fainting spells. It was report
ed after the show was over that the
actress was very ill at her apartments
in the St. Francis, but inquiry brought
the statement from the management
of the theater that she had recovered
and would appear as usual in to-day's
performance.
Actress Faints Several Times, but
Bravely Persists in Proceeding
With the Play.
MRS. FISKK BECOMES ILL
DURING HER PERFORMANCE
SAN JOSE, March 24. — Th» Jury In the
murder trial of William J. Slnsleton failed
to arree on a verdict, and at, 5 o'clock this
afternoon was discharged. Twenty-fix* hour*
had been devoted to deliberations. It is said
the Jury atood eight for manslaughter and
four for acquittal.
The Senate, in executive session, rati
fied a treaty with France extending to
Tunis and other French protectorates
all of the existing treaties between
France and the United States. ; •
The Senate to-day passed the Indian
appropriation bill. After the routine
features of the bill had been disposed
of Bacon again raised the ques
tion of civil service appointments, Das
ing his remarks upon the state
ment made by Hoar yesterday that
Senators from States of political faith
different from that of the President
should be consulted about appoint
ments. Bacon contended that the
Southern States were practically dis
franchised under a Republican admin
istration, and said that this condition
of affairs was contrary to the intention
of the founders of the Government.
Early in the day Gibson spoke
in support of his bill for , the repeal
of the desert land act. the lumber and
stone laws and the commutation clause
of the homestead law.*
The question of an investigation of
the Postofflce Department was brought
up by Williams. the minority
leader, who proposed an amendment
providing for a select committee of
five members of the House and three
Senator? to make a complete investi
gation into the alleged frauds in that
department. He taunted the Repub
licans for their failure to order an in
vestigation, and said the party >was
opposed to it.
The chair sustained a point of order
by Overstreet against the amendment,
and when Williams appealed the chair
was sustained— 133 to 99. <
WASHINGTON. March 24. — The
House to-day again put itself on rec
ord against any investigation of
the Postofflce Department. Eight pages
of the poetofflce appropriation bill
were disposed of. .
Congressmen Again Take
Action Against Proposed
Postoffice Investigation
HOUSE OBJECTS
TO AN INQUIRY
The annual drill of the military de
partment of the Columbia Park Boys'
Club will be held at the armory of the
First Infantry Regiment, Page and
Gough streets, to-morrow evening.
Governor Pardee has been invited, but
will be unable to attend, so Adjutant
General L^iuk and the Governor's
etaff will review the young soldiers.
The competitive drill for the year's
championship will be held between
Company A. Captain George Morse,
commanding; Company B, Captain
Abe Appleton commanding and Com
pany C, Captain William McLaughlin
commanding. The music ivill be fur
nished by the drum and bugle corps
of the battalion. Major Sidney S.
Peixotto will be in command. Ad
mission will be by invitation. ,
Members of Three Crack Companies
Arc to Compete for the Year's
' Championship.
COLUMBIA PARK BOYS WILL
HOLD THEIR ANXUAL DRILL
Thev had lost their dinner tickets.
Their grief was quickly turned to
joy by the gift of a shilling from the
royal purse.
So -thickly did the children, most
of thorn . typically ragged urchins of
the East End, crowd around the royal
visitor. that one of the attendants tried
to make a passageway for her Maj
esty. •
"Don't bother," said the' Queen. "I
did not come here to disturb them."
After talking with several factory
employes who were in the midst of
their meal, which- is -daily- served to
some 3000 to 4000 persons, the' Queen
and her party, accompanied by Sir
Thomas, went upstairs to the room
wbere they all redeemed their meal
tickets'. For her 9 cents the Queen had
soup, lamb, potatoes, a large helping
of plum pudding, a glass of water and
a mug of coffee. ', '»
The Queen has always tak'en keen
interest ln the institution, j which was
founded on her plan to give the poor
the cheapest possible food without sav
oring- of charity^. She arranged to-day's
visit privately with Sir Thomas Lip
ton; who is the principal contrib
utor to the institution. They drove up
in closed carriages, accompanied by
Princess Victoria, Earl i Grey, treas
urer of the household of her Majesty,
and Countess de Grey; Miss Knollys
and Sidney Ureville. the private secre
tary of the '''ueen.
A "mor of the Queen's coming par
tially leaked out, and the dining-rooms
were packed. Amon«- those present
were John D. -Crimmins. of. New
York and Miss Crimmins, who had
bcei. let into the secret. Like a fac
tory girl who had Just preceded her,
the Queen wf- to the desk and ask
ed for eight dinner checks, tendering
a half-crown. She was told that they
v.-ouid be sixpence more which Earl
de Grey promptly contributed.
Sir Thomas Lipton conducted the
royal guest, who was simply dressed
in black, through the' dining-rooms.
The news of the identity of this ex
traordinarily young-looking woman
soon spread, and the children crowded
around her, eagerly touching her dress
and looking up into her face. "Those
who could not get near stood on tables
to catch a glimpse of their* Queen. Soon
the whole building rang wijh the
shrill cheers of the delighted children
and girla. The Queen ! saw two mites
crying. "What is the matter?" she
asked: • •
LONDON, March 24.— The routine of
royalty was interestingly broken, to-day
When Queen Alexandra paid an infor
mal visit to the Alexandra Trust and
there enjoyed a 9-cent dinner among
the factories' employes and children
of the East End. ¦
LONDON, March 24.— Consternation
has been caused ln British Noncon
formist circles by a speech of Robert
W. Perks, Liberal member of Parlia
ment for the Louth division of Lincoln
shire, delivered yesterday at the open
ing of a, Methodist bazaar at Louth, in
which he vigorously criticized Rev.
Regfcald John Campbell, minister of
the City Temple here. Both men are
pillars of nonconformity, one of them
being practically the head of the min
istry and the other one of the most
prominent laymen. The two main
points of 'Perks' attack were Rev. Mr.
Campbell's recent presentation at court
by the Bishop of London and the pro
jected 8urpliclng of Dr. Campbell's
choir of the City Temple. V >/ .
"I was sorry." said Perks, "to see
a few days ago, when Mr. Campbell
wished to go to court, that he asked
the Bishop of London to present him
to the King. What would have been
said in the days gone by if Puritan
preachers, persecuted not by Parlia
ment, as they are now, but by a feeble
Stuart .King, had asked Archbishop
Laud to present them to King Charles?
Mr. Campbell would have been far bet
ter advised if he had asked the vet
eran' leader of nonconformity, Rev.
James Guiness Rogers, to introduce
him to King Edward instead of going
to a'levee hanging to the apron strings
of an Anglican Bishop."
Referring to the surpllcing of the
men and women of the choir in gowns
and velvet caps Perks said: ',
"Ritualism is a steep and slippery
slope. Possibly the next thing we shall
see is Mr. Campbell marching around
the aisles of the City Temple, followed
by his surpllced choir, chanting a pro
cessional hymri.wlth the reluctant dea
cons behind. These are days when
nonconformity is confronted with a
severe struggle. We expect our preach
ers to march with fearless, buoyant
steps and not become camp-followers
In the AnpMcan army."
John G. Mornn Accused of Breaking
Into»the Rooms of Duncan Mc-
Kinlav and Dr. Seibcrst.
John G. Moran was booked at the
City Prison yesterday afternoon on
two charges of burglary. He is a
stranger in the city, having come from
the East by way of Seattle a tew weeks
ago. He is of genteel appearance and
talks as if he had received a good
education.
Moran is accused of having entered
the rooms of Assistant United States
District Attorney Duncan McKinlay
at 632 Post street and stealing several
suits of clothes and valuable Masonic
emblems and badges. He Is also ac
cused of entering the office and resi
dence of Dr. H. Seiberst at Geary and
Stockton streets and stealing a quan
tity of clothing and a Native Sons'
badge, set with a diamond.
Moran was arrested on Tuesday
night by Policemen Lycette and D.
Murphy and Detectives Harper andj
Armstrong have recovered the greater
portion of the stolen property. Moran
has been identified as the man who
disposed of it. _
STRANGER FROM THE EAST
CHARGED WITH BURGLARY
Alexandra Enjoys a Nine-
I Cent Dinner With Young
'Employes of Factories
Liberal Member of Parlia
ment Scores Minister of
the City Temple in London
HIS CRITICISM
C1CSES A STIR
QUEEN CHEERS
POOR CHILDREN
EMINENT ENGLISH POET WHOSE
DEATH OCCURRED IX LONDON
YESTERDAY.
For his "Sadi in the Garden, or
Book of Love" <1888), a rathdr free and
erotic poem founded on the third
chapter cf the "Bortan" of the Persian
poet Sadi, he received from the Shah
of Persia the Order of the- Lion and
Sun. During his sojourn in Japan the
Emperor conferred on him 'the Order
of the Rising Sun, giving him the dig
nity of "Chokiinlr/' of the empire, and
the King of Slam later created him
Grand Officer, of the Crown of Siam.
In 1893: hG was chosen president c-f the
Birmingham and Midland Institute.
Sir Edwin Arnold was a prolific writ
er. Besides the works above mentioned
the most noted of his many produc
tions were perhaps "The Light of the
World," an epic poem (1S92); "India
Revisited" (1891), "Seas and Lands,"
books of travel, "Japonlca," which
treats c-f life and things Japanese, and
"Adzuma, theLJapanese Wife," a play
in four, acts (1893). His last volume,
"The 1 Tenth Muse and Other Poems,"
was published in. 1895.
¦In his later years. Sir Edwin Arnold
gave many evidences of lack of mental
equilibrium and perversenesa. During
hi^ stay in Japan "some years. ago his
conduct. In Toklo and Yokohama- was
such that the English residents refused
to receive ..or. countenance him. VHt?
"Japanned'.' himself, donned Japanese
apparel and j leaving ; his own * people
cenfiorted almost entirely 'with; the Jap
anese, by whom; he was highly thought
of on account' of .his Buddhistic lean
ings* and. whom V he. in turn lauded
greatly.
. He was I thrice married, first In 1854
to Miss Katherine E. Blddulph, who
died in 1864. then to Miss Fanny Chan
nlng of Boston, both being daughters
of clergymen, and, lastly in 1897, in
London, to, Tama Ktlrakawa of.Sendal.
Japan: This latter union, j or-mesalli
ance, as it was generally pronounced,
produced much stir at the time in, Lou
don. >>?* *¦;;'¦ ¦ •> '
Arnold received many special marks
of honor from royal hands. On the
occasion of the- proclamation. 'of Queen
Victoria as Empress of India he was
made. a Companion of the Star of In
dia, and in 1888 was created Knight
Commander of the Indian: Empire by
the Queen. For his work, "The Light
of Asia," published in 1879, he was dec
orated with the Order of the White
Elephant by the King of Slam, and for
his "Pearls of .the -Faith, or Islam's
Rosa*ry," published in 1883, he received
from .the Sultan- of Turkey the Impe
rial Order of Osmanie In 18S8. He had
in 187G received the -second 'class of the
Imperial Order of the Medjidlch.
Young Arnold ptudied at King's
School, Rochester and Kings' College;
London, and then entered Oxford Uni
versity on an elective scholarship, and
was graduated with honors in 1854.
He early gave evidence of his apti
tude for verse, and in 1852 he was
awarded the Newdigate prize for his
English poem on the "Feast of Belshaz
zar." In 1S53 he was selected to ad
dress the late Earl Derby on his instal
lation as Chancellor of the University.
After some service as second master
of an English school he was appointed
principal, of Ihe . GovernipenJ. Sanskrit
College at Poona. India, and fellow of
the University of Bombay. He held
these offices through 'the: Sepoy mutiny
and until 1S61; , when he -resigned and
returned to England. During his stay
in India he contributed largely to crit
ical and literary Journals, made a num
ber of translations and wrote several
pAems and prose works. On his return
to London he became a member of the
editorial staff of the Daily Telegraph,
and in behalf of the proprietors of that
paper arranged -for the first expedition
of George Smith to Assyria, and in con-
Junction with the New York- Herald
for Henry M. Stanley's expedltlon.tb Af
rica. He retained his connection with
the Daily Telegraph, up to a short time
ago. . •. . ' :¦ '¦ ': ¦; - /. . ' .-'. :
Edwin Arnold, author of the "Light
of Asia" and many other poenls not so
well known, was born at Gravesend.
England. June 10. 1832. He was the
second son of Robert Coles Arnold, J.
P. for the counties of Sussex and Kent,
and the brother of Sir Arthur Arnold,
K. B., LL.D.. Cambridge, D. L. and M.
P. from Salford.
LONDON, March' 24.— Sir Edwin Ar
nold, the author, died, in Dondon to
day. He was born June 10, 1832. •
Although Sir Edwin suffered of late
years from partial paralysis, he was
not taken seriously ill until last week.
Early to-day he had a relapse, from
which he did not rally, and died peace
fully at 10:30 o'clock. S\r Edwin con
tinued his literary work until quite
recently, bis last .writing being in con
nection with the Russo-Japanese war.
In which he was greatly j interested.
The funeral will take place on March
28. .The body will" be cremated at
Woking.
WASHINGTON, March 24.—Secre
tary Taf t continued his statements be
fore the House Committee on Insular
Affairs to-day with reference to the
issuance of bonds for internal improve
ments and guaranteeing interest on
capital to be invested in railroads in
the Philippine Islands. The section of
the' bill making provision for bonds
for internal improvements was amend
ed so that the law to be passed by the
Philippine Commission creating the in
debtedness is to be approved by the
President of the United States.
The Secretary submitted an entire
ly new section on the railroad guaran
teeing problem. It authorizes the Phil
ippine Government to guarantee an
Income not to exceed 5 per cent on cap
ital Invested in the islands. The act
of the commission shall provide for
Governmental supervision of the
finances of the roads, their location,
construction and maintenance. There
must be two or more Government di
rectors on the boaTd.
The guarantee may be in the form
of a guaranty of interest on bonds
or of income on preferred or common
stock, or In such other form as may
be determined by the Philippine Gov
ernment. The total liability of the
Philippine Government under the guar
anty shall not exceed $1,500,000 annual
ly. In case the Philippine Government
cannot secure the construction of the
roads desired it is authorized to issue
bonds at not less than par to an
amount not exceeding $30,000,000, and
with the proceeds construct the need
ed roads.
Secretary iTaft explained that he was
not in favor of the Government con
structing the roads, but, he believed
that if the Government retained The
right to do so better terms might be
secured from private investors. •-
The committee did not act upon the
bill.
The time for filing petitions with the
Secretary of State expired at 12 o'clock
last night. Two petitions from the
Fourth Congressional District were
filed within the time limit. The pe
tition signed by Maurice I* Asher and
Philip Haskins emanates from the
regularly created Republican Con
gressional Committee of the Fourth.
The other petition emanates from a
committee of which Louis II. Ander
son is chairman and Martin Kelly sec
retary. The Secretary of State, Char
les F. Curry, must determine which
committee is the governing body of
the party in the district. When spoken
to on the subjoin last night Mr. Curry
said:
"I will not be able to determine
until to-morrow which of the two
petitions I shall recognize. Legal
questions are involved which must be
considered."
"That in case any Congressional
District Committee shall fail to issue
such call and file the necessary pe
tition in accordance with law. the del
egates to the State convention from
such Congressional District shall, dur
ing the session of said convention,
meet and elect the delegates and alter
nates from 'such Congressional Dis
trict to the National Convention."
The Republican Congressional Com
mittee of the Fifth District will not
issue a call for a Congressional Dis
trict Convention for the purpose of
electing two delegates to the Repub
lican National Convention. After con
ferring with representative Republi
cans of the district, George D. Clark,
chairman of the committee, 'has de
cided that a separate convention is
not desired by the rank and file of the
party. In this respect the Fifth Dis
trict adheres to the plan adopted in
the First, Second, Sixth and Eighth
Congressional districts.
In the call for a State convention
at Sacramento, adopted by the Repub
lican State Central Committee March
12, the following provisions are made:
"That in accordance with the call of
the Republican National Committee,
each Congressional District Committee
is requested to issue a call for a Con
gressional District Convention for the
purpose of electing the two Congres
sional District delegates and alternates
therefrom to the Republican National
Convention. • .
Hector McRae, who said that he was
comptroller for the Rialto Company on
March 2C, 1903, then testified and the
case was continued. ?
W. J. Vickery, chief postofflce in
spector at Cincinnati, testified that he
had accompanied Inspector Cochrane
to Senator Burton's office on the even
ing that the indictment became known
in Washington. He ' substantiated
Cochrane's testimony and testified that
Burton said that he had appearel "only
as an attorney for the Rialto Company
before the department and not as a
United States Senator."
"At that time there had not been any
complaints," continued Inspector Coch
rane, "and I so informed the Senator.
On February 5, 1902, I received a tele
phone message from Senator Burton
asking me to call on him at his office.
After discussing several matters in
which the Brooks Brokerage Company,
the predecessor of the Rialto Company,
was involved. Senator Burton told me
that he wished to represent the Rialto
Company in matters before the depart
ment, for which he was, to receive a
large fee. He assured me that he did
not wish to antagonize the department.
He also raid that he had consulted sev
eral of his colleagues in the Senate and
they assured him that his connection
with the Rialto Company was legal
and that many Senators had increased
their income in similar ways.* Senator
Burton said that he had lost $10,000 re
cently for which he was not legally re
sponsible, but which he wished to repay,
and that his fees would revert to that
use."
INCREASING HIS INCOME.
When first questioned Inspector
Cochrahe testified that Senator Burton
had visited him at the Postofflce De
partment, the date he could not remem
ber, he said, and inquired regarding
complaints against the Rialto com
pany.
J. H. Aubere, a Washington news
paper correspondent, then took the
stand. He testified that he had ob
tained a di.ctated interview with Sen
ator Burton at about 3 o'clock on the
nfternc-on the indictment was made
public. •
"Shortly after 9 o'clock that night,"
continued the witness, "Burton visited
my office and requested that he be al
lowed^to read the interview which I
had prepared from notes 1 had made
in the afternoon. I submitted the man
uscript to Mr. Burton and he read it
carefully. The only change he made
in the original was that at his dicta
tion I Inserted the words. 'I did. not
act as an attorney for the Rialto Grain
and Securities Company before the
Postofllce Department in any matter.''"
Inspector Cochrane was then recalled
and in reply to questions stated that
the time of his visit to Senator Bur
ton was shortly after 5 o'clock on the
afternoon that the Senator is alleged to
have given the interview to Aubere.
"I told him," continued Cochrane,
"that as I had been a witness before
the Grand Jury I cc-uld not discuss
the evidence, but that the indictment
was found under section 1782, Revised
Statutes. Burton told me that he had
appeared before the Poetoffice Depart
ment not a£ a United States Senator,
tjut simply as an attorney for the Ri
aito Grain and Securities Company. I
pointed out to him that my under
standing of the statutes was that the
fact that he had acted as the attor
ney for the Rialto Company was re
sponsible for his indictment."
REVISED THE INTERVIEW.
ST. LOUIS," March 24.— The Govern
ment rected its case to-day in the trial
of United States Senator' Joseph P.
Burton, whe- is charged with having
illegally accepted fees from the Rialto
Grain and Securities Company of St.
Louis. The action of the Government
came as a surprise to the defense.
Shortly after Judge' Chester H. Knim,
for the defense, had started his open
ing: argument. Senator Burton and
Frederick Lehmann, associate counsel
fcr the defense.-held a hasty confer
ence and Lehraann, interrupting Judge
Krum, secured a continuation until to
morrow.
In concluding its evidence the Gov
ernment showed by the testimony of
Chief Postofflce Inspector Cochrane of
Washington that he had been required
by Senator Burton t& call at his. (Bur-,
ton's) office on the afternoon that Sen
ator Burton's indictment was made in
Washington. Inspector Cochrane tes
tified that Burton had asked him on
what charge the indictment had been
returned. . ....
Counsel for Accused Senator
Given Until To-Day to Pre
pare Opening Argument
National Hear
More Suggestions From
the Former Governor
Secretary of State Curry An
• nounees ; He Will Een
der a Decision To-Day
PLANS FOE BOND ISSUE
FPJCTION IN FOUKTH
CONTINUANCE GRANTED
Government Surprises the
Defense by Unexpectedly
Concluding Its Testimony
War Secretary Continues
Statements on Philippines
Before House Committee
Kepublicans of the Fifth
District Do Not Petition
for Separate Convention
BURTON CASE
NEARING END
Famous. Englishman of Letters Away
in London After a Life Made Notable by a
Long- Series of Brilliant Literary. Achievements
•i — =- — - ": •"• : " . : . " — • i : *
TAFT SPEAKS
OF RAILROADS
PREPARATIONS
FOR CAMPAIGN
DEATH CLOSES CAREER
OF SIR EDWIN ARNOLD
JHE SAN FRANCISCO ' CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH' 25, 1904.
LAXATIVE BROMO QUININE removes the
cauFe. To (ret the sremilne call for the full name
ud took for signature of E. W. Grove. 25c. •
Colds Xicnd to Pneumonia.'
Secretary Wilson's Health Improved.
WASHINGTOX, March 24.—Secre
tary of Agriculture Wilson returned
to-day from the" South. His health id
much improved-
ALAMEDAr March 24.— Mrs.'. J. J.
Konigshofer of this city died this af
ternoon at Tucson, Ariz., following a
stroke of apoplexy she sustained Yes
terday. She was visitins her daugh
ter, Mrs. Julius Goldbaum, when
etricken. ' Deceased was the wife of
J. J. Konigshofer, a locaK merchant,
and the mother of Leon • Konigshofer
and sister : of James Sheeran, both of
Alameda. She had r resided H here \ for
twenty.-f ouj: , years : andv was ' universal
ly esteemed because ¦ of her charitable
deeds. The remains will be brqrught
to this city. J. j. Konigshofe/ will
Apoplexy Causes Her Death.
REDWOOD CITY, March 24.—Char
ity Hayward, H. G. Stevenson and L.
W. Shlnn were to-day appointed execu
trix and executors, respectively, cf. the
will of Alvinza Hayward deceased,
with bonds ln the sum of $100,000 '< each!
By his . will Hayward disposed of an
estate valued at about $5,000,000, all of
which, with the exception of a few
legacies, goes to the surviving wife
Charity Hayward. •
The income from the San Francisco
property, is $8000 a month, while the
income from other property ig uncer
tain. Mrs. Hayward is In New - York,
v.here she has been ill for some time,
but is expected to return to California
soon,, when she will take an active part
in the manafferaent of r the estate.
Action Taken at Itecitvtiod City In Re
card to the Alvinza Ilaywnrd -
311111OI1S.
COURT XA31ES PERSONS
TO 3IANAGE THE ESTATE
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AS ABSOLUTE NECESSITY.
So Thinks at Least One Trnrclins
Man.
• I would as soon think of starting
out without my mileage books and grip
as to start out on a trip without a box
I of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets ln my
j valise, said a traveling: man who repre-
sents a St. Louis hardware house.
Why? Because I have to put up at
all kinds of hotels and boarding-
houses. I have to eat good, bad and
indifferent food at all hours of the day
and night and I don't believe any
man's stomach will stand that sort of
thing without protest, any way I know
mine won't. It has to have some-
thing to break the fall and Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets is the crutch I fall
back on.
My friends often "josh" me about
it. tell me I'm an easy mark for patent
medicine fakers, that advertised medi-
cines are humbugs, etc., but I notice
that they are nearly'always complain-
ing of their aches and pains and poor
digestion, while I can stand most any
old kind of fare and feel • good and
ready for my work when it needs me,
and I believe I owe my good digestion
and sound health to the daily, regular
use of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, year
in and year cfat, and all the "joshing"
ln the world w'ill never convince me
to the contrary.
I used to have heartburn . about
three times a day and a headache
about three or four times a week and
after standing for this for four or five
years I began to look around for a
crutch and found It when my doctor
told me the best Investment I could,
make would be a 50 cent box of
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, and I have
Invested about 50 cents a month fqp
them ever since and when I stop to
think that that is what I spend every
day for cigars, I feel like shaking
hands with myself, for I can keep my
stomach and digestion in first-class or-
der for 50 cents a month. I don't care
for any better life insurance.
My druggist tells me they, are the
most popular of all stomaeh .medi-
cines and that they, have; maintained
their popularity and success because
they drf as advertised. They bring re-
sults, and results are what, count in
patent medicine as much as In selling
barb wire. . . . >
ADVERTISEMENTS* '
Chas. Keilujs & Co.
E x c 1 u, s 'i^V' e
High-Grade Qldthiers
No Branch Stores. No A cent*.
*' INDIV ID UAL -IT Y"
AN IMPORTANT FEATURE
ABOUT YOUR CLOTHES,
THE DISTINGUISHED LOOK
WHICH SINGLES.YOU OUT
FROM THE MAJORITY.
WE DO ALL THIS FOR YOU.
K e a r n y S t r e e t
Thurlow Block
DE. KIDffEB'S SWAMP-EOOT. -
Nature's Greatest Cure
For Men and Women/
?".' '¦¦? . . — — — — - . j
Swamp-Root is the Most Perfect Healer and Natural
Aid to the Kidneys, Liver and Bladder
Ever Discovered.
¦ ' 1 advances until the face looks pale or
SWAMP-ROOT SAVED MY LIFE. sallow, puffy or dark circles under the !
__^ ' eyes, feet swell, atid sometimes the;
I received promptly th« Bample bottle of your ne i.^ acts . badly.
great- ki<in*y rciaedx. swamp-Hoot. There is comfort in knowing that
I had an awful pain In my back, over the D r _ Kilmer's Swamp-Root, the great |
kidney, liver and bladder remedy, ful- j
><^^^N. s everv w ' sn * n quickly relieving (
/^'^i<r>3"'v S V > v ' sucn trou b|es. ft corrects inability
/^P^^^^^^y\^ I to hold urine and scalding pain in
/AKjr."'-- passing it, and overcomes that un-
//SmW^^''' : —^^^M^\. " pl easant necessity of being compelled
f/{\ /X'; ~ . : :j ; - : :• •: : .--»\iPlg\ to S e^ U P many times during the night
//y'^ v g '*&&& \&&r*~ ?, s v "'\\ to urinate. In taking this wonderful
'•"" '' ¦? -J\ • f&ly <\\ ford natural help to Nature, for
: ~ vf^i '¦''^S^^s. "" '• f/ \\ Svramp-Root is the most perfect*
V.^jfiBKtej" : " y 11 healer and gentle aid to the kidneys
*; : TFT*"' / j that has ever been discovered.
i J^^T^U 1 SWAMP-ROOT A BLESSING TO WOMEfT
U^^i^VV^^,^-^^ ¦/ - J >' kidneys and bladdor Rave me proat
\y3$&J!k /¦ W / trouble for over two months and 1 Buffered un- i
MR. tTJTaPKER. QfJ /A^^^¦'\YV '
times anight often with smarting a:id burning;. \ l^-jSk IMS. "¦¦¦'• '"'- ¦-¦¦'¦¦¦'• *_J& : ' \\ \
l-(r:i k iun would :rt;!^ in the urine. I lost MffSlS' "'•' '•'¦' iSJS 1 CB* : '\\
twer.ty pounds In two weeks, ami thoujrht I : : ._ /_ ";.; VgflSg • '¦ : 'JSSF : \ T*k ' : - \
mould Foon .].• I took the first dese of your x ;: ':; : .WSSgp. -:'-^ i S XJSj •• ; v :':¦?¦¦
Fwarap-Root in the evening at bed time, and ViS?' i in tfH!
wit very much surprised: I had to urinate but V^V' .• V'^^rj? > '
race that nlfiht. and the second ni»ht I did not '¦¦¦¦¦¦?/'• i£'^''''''':!t'-'-'' : &£&*t0& ' , !
ft i:;. ur.tl! m< rnir.p. I hive u* • d three battle? T?^- l ~... 1 *-*3 ' \
cf Ewatnp-Hr»;t. and to-dny am as well as ever. ' f\>^ - f . .. ?
1 urn a farmer, and a:r. working every day. *S/*^f?i?T*J r? 3=5?rgs«iir * ¦ '
and weigh 11*0 pounds, the same that I weighed y-f.y/W JTMgKfv '¦ affiZS -» " & I '¦
l*f- re 1 »-i* taken pick. <lr.Tteru!:y yours. \ Vvfg.v^y -*ff^RKji 7T»*f»tlafca' , 1 1 j
T. S. Al'KKIt. Marfrh Hill. Pa. Y^m^JotSBf^9s / ''^^^^ '
There comes a time to both men v^SAVv^^v^^k^&^v/
and women when sickness and poor xvV^^^VVtwIv^K?/
health bring anxiety and trouble hard \V\A\v l mv5/
to bear; disappointment seems to fol- _ >?vN^^% * *3>y^ y%
low every effort of physicians in our MRS. E. A US TIN. \jf/ j
behalf, and remedies we try have little *Oi ~*~J j
or no effect. In many such cases se- to)d mlf , cry . i became weak, emaciated »«d !
rious mistakes are made in doctoring, very much run down. I had great difficulty
anH tint k-THivvinc vhit t!ir r!i«;V«T«;«» ic ln retaining: my urine, nnd -was obllccd to'
ana nor Knowing w nat tneaisease is paSH water very often night and da} . After (
or (That makes US SICK. Kind nature 1 had vsed a famrile bottle of Dr. Kilmer's
warns us by certain svmptorns. which swamr-Root t*nt.iac on my re<iue«t. i expe-
-, , , • .- K t ', mneed relief and I Immediately bought of my*
are unmistakable evidence oi danger* druggist two large bottle* and continued taking
Stich as too frequent desire to urin?te ft regularly. I am pleased tu say that Swamp
srantv cr-'Mi-itr irrit-jtmn -.am Ro<Jt cured "^ entirely. I can now stand on :
scant} sjpp.}. scaiai.ig irritation, pain my fjM . t a » day without any bad symptoms
or dull ache Ul the back — they tell US whatever. Htram;i-noot has proved a blessing
•n silence that our kidnevs need doc- to me - Gratefully yours. - ...__,.„
tonng. If neglected now, the disease 19 Nassau St.. Brooklyn. N. Y.
•'•¦•' i
To Prove Whet SV/ AMP-ROOT, the Great Kidney, Liver and Bladder
Remedy, Will do for YOU, Every Reader of The Call •
ISay HavQ a Sample Bottle FREE by Mail. i
, , . , t
EDITORIAL NOTICE.— If you are sick or "feet badly" write at once to Dr.
Kilmer & Co.. Bingbaraton. JC Y.. who will pladly send you by mail, immediately,
without cost to you. a sample bottle of Swamp»Root.'and a book telling all about
it, and containing many of the thousands .upon thousands of testimonial letters i
received from men and women cured. In writinjir to Dr. Kilmer & Co., Blngham- '
ton. X. Y.. be sure to say that you read this generous offer in The- San Francisco ¦
Daily CalL
Swamp-Root is pleasant to take and you can purchase the regular fifty-cent
and one-dollar size bottles at the drug stores everywhere. Don't make any mis-
take, but remember the name. Swamp-Root. Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, and the
address. Binghamton. X. Y., on every bottle.WASHINGTON. March 24.—Al
though "President Roosevelt cannot at
tend the opening exercises of the
Louisiana Purchase Exposition, ~he
nevertheless . will be a participant in
them. : He has consented to press a
button at the White House which will
start the machinery of the exposition.
This ceremony will take place at 1
o'clock (Eastern time) on April 30.
The details of the ceremony have not
been worked out yet, but they wil 1 be
in a few. days. The PresJdent proba
bly will send to the officials of the fair
a congratulatory message on its open
ins and receive one In return.
Consents to Press a Button at the
• White House Wjiich Will Start
Machinery In Operation.
PRESIDENT TO TAKE PART*
IN OPENING OF EXPOSITION
HOLLISTER, March 24./ — The
Johnson-Locke Fruit Company will es
tablish an 58000 nacking-house at
Hollister this season. J" A bonus of
J 1500 was of the people of
Hollister and more than J1200 of the
amount has been subscribed by the
business men and orchardists.
Big Packing Ilouse for Hollister.
aters will soon be built in this city, one
on South First street by Grauman. and
the other by David Jacks on South
Second street. The Supervisors will
build a costly Hall of Justice this com
ing summer.
Costly Hall or Justice in Prospect and
Two Theaters Will Be
Built.
SAN JOSE. March 24.— Two new the-
GARDEN CITY TO HAVE
NEW PUBLIC BUILDING
Anita Kelley, Whose Leg Was Crushed
by Hotel Elevator, Wins
LOS ANGELES, March 24.— The jury
in the' case of Miss Anita Kelley against
the Potter Hotel Company of Santa
Barbara, in which Miss Kelley sued for
$50,000 damages for the loss of a leg
in an elevator accident at the hotel in
January, 1903. to-day brought in a ver
dict awarding damages to the plaintiff
in the sum of $35,000 and costs. Miss
Kelley's home is in New* York.
THIRTY-FIVE THOUSAND
DOLLARS FOR PLAINTIFF
XAPA, March 24.— This morning at
about 10 o'clock William Williams and
-two other prisoners at the County Jail
were at work under Guard Behrens re
pairing First street. Suddenly Williams
ran out" by McBain's tannery, thence
through Spanishtown. Officers Secord
and Allen and Sheriff Dunlap and Dep
uty Daly searched all afternoon, but
without finding the fugitive. Late this
evening Dunlap arrested Williams in
Sonoma after tracing him for several
hours. He was brought to Napa late
to-night and placed' in -jail.
Officers Search for Clie Fugitive for
Hours and He Is Found in
Sonoma.
XAPA PRISONER ESCAPES
BUT IS SOOX CAPTURED
i
adopted by both sides. Here and there,
on odd jobs, non-union men are em
ployed, but the issue remains pretty
much as it was at first, a contest as
to whether the openshop shall super
sede the strictly union principle in the
building trades.
REDLANDS. March 24.— Dr. R. L.
Tritton, a well-known resident, shot
and perhaps fatally wounded Oscar
Rumpff, a livery stable employe, to
day. Tritton fired tht=ee shots at Rumpff
with a revolver, two of the shots taking
effect in the body and one in the leg.
Physicians state that Rumpff cannot
possibly recover. The shooting is said
to have grown out of Rumpff's alleged
attentions to Dr. Tritton's daughter.
Resident of Redlands Reported to
Hare FataJly Wounded Daugh
ter** Alleged Lover.
EMPLOYE OF A STABLE
SHOT BY A PHYSICIAN
SACRAMENTO, March 24. — The de
velopment of importance In the labor
f=itu£.tioii to-day is the announcement
of the Citizens' Alliance that here
after any independent bnilder may
; il IiaFe supplies from local houses
and mills without objection by the
Builders" Association. Ever since the
i'j^kout, which precipitated the pres
en1 suspension of building operations,
?»<<jre or less public criticism has been
¦ : .:v^cted at the Master Builders' As
s'x iation because of its policy in re
fusing to permit lumber yards, milis
«nd supply houses to furnish materials
lo non-members of the association,
the effect of this policy being: to shut
otjt all competition in the building
line. In line with this criticism-, the
• 'itizens' Alliance represented to the
IJuilders' Asociation that if it de
!*ir<?'l to have this an open shop town
;. c rejrards employes it most consent
so have It an open town with respect
to competition from resident and non
. resident builders who cannot pet into
> :h p Builders' Association or who may
:-.'.>i desire to Join it. As a result of
;nis argument an agreement was
readied which destroys the Builders'
k >sociation a» a close corporation and
outsiders to compete for build
• ins contracts.
• 'th°r than this important develop*
m^nt there is no change in the labor
situation, and a policy of watching
«T!d waiting appears to have been
S;x*:a.l Dispatch to The C&U
Sacramento Builders* Associ
ation Announces Import
ant Change in Policy
OPENS THE WAY
TO COMPETITION
HOLLISTER, March 24.— There has
been an inch of rain here during the
last twenty-four hours, which with
the showers usual in the spring makes
good crops a certainty.
GRASS VALLEY, March 24.— The
heaviest snowstorm in years for this
time of the year visited this city this
morning. As much snow fell during
the day as came down all winter.
-VVILLITS, March 24.— This place ex
perienced a hard snowstorm to-day.
It has rained here for the past fifty
two days. The rainfall for the season
is 77.S7 inches. During a snowballing
contest here to t day Peter Xelson drew
a revolver and shot at a railroad man
named Scanlon. The bullet -grazed
Scanlon. . i
BAKERSFIELD., March 24.— There
were several heavy showers during the
day and it is raining to-night. The
hills are covered with good feed and
crops will be large. Twenty-eight
hundredths of an inch fell in the last
storm, bringing the seasonal rainfall
to about 3.41 inches.
TRUCKEE. March 24.— The month of
March has been almost a continual
storm in this vicinity. During the last
few days more" than two feet of snow
has fallen in Truckee. At Summit 23
feet of snow is reported and many
slides are expected. Railway traffic Is
seriously impeded. Another slide oc
curred at Cisco early this morning after
the blockade of yesterday had been
raised. The track has been cleared.
At Lake Tahoe the storm is too fierce
for the work on the dam to proceed.
The danger that was threatened last
week is believed to have passed. Two
days more will complete' the repairs.
The water is within two inches of the
top. the highest since the dam was
built. S
STOCKTON, March 24.— With the ex
ception of seme small reclaimed tracts
just north of the Calaveras River there
is not a reclamation unfiooded on the
east side of the San Joequin River
north of Stockton. Bouldin Island is
entirely Inundated. The levee on the
south fork of the Mokelumne River
broke early yesterday morning, but the
dredgers, piJedrlvers and steamers suc
ceeded in stopping that break and de
laying the flooding for the time being,
but flood waters from the Sacramento
continued, to pour through from be
hind and the San Joaquin River kept
steadily rising. The two streams met
near the junction of the south fork
of the Mokelumne and the San Joa
quin rivers and banked the water up
until at 7 o'clock last evening the flotfd
swept over the top of the levee near
Central Landing on, Bouldin Island,
and within an hour the entire island
was flooded. To b" exact, the break
on Bouldin Island occurred just in front
of the Zallos Hous?. It quickly widened
to fifty feet and the torrent swept
Chinatown away as though the build
ings had been chip?. The break is on
the south end of the island.
Bouldin Island was the, largest as
paragus tract in the 'world. About 7000
acres of the island was one unbroken
field of asparagus, and it was estimated
that this year's crop alone.would have
amounted to more than $500,000. The
island had been reclaimed for twenty
years and had never before been flood
ed. It takes three years to get aspara
gus yielding. Consequently it will be
four years now before that immense
industry can be brought to anything
like it was before the flood.
HOUSES SWEPT AWAY
Landslides and Heavy Fall
of Snow in Northern Part
of State Impede Traffic
Damage to the Asparagus
Fields on Bouldin Island
Will Amount to $500,000
The Interurban is preparing to build
a short line from Los Gatos to San Jose
by way of Campbell. Other lines about
the county are also being projected by
the company, which, it is said, has in
terested Eastern capital to the 'extent
of 52,000,000. to be expended in building
electric roads in this vicinity.
The consolidation of these lines
would give San Jose a perfect street car
system. The rumored consolidation of
the roads could not be confirmed, as all
the interested parties either deny it or
refuse to talk. A gentleman close to
the managements of the various roads
said there had been overtures looking
to such a thing, but nothing has come
of it so far, as the parties are too far
apart in the valuations placed on the
roads.
PAN JOSE. March 24.— A consolida
tion of the San Jose-Los Gatos Inter
urban Electric Railway, the San Jose
and .Santa Clara Electric Railway and
the San Jose Railroad Company into
one gigantic corporation is rumored on
the street. The presence of Vice Pres
ident Kdwards of the Interurban Com
pany in the city gives color to the
story. Edwards is from St. Louis and
represents the Germania Trust Com
pany, which holds $500,000 worth of
bonds of the Interurban and has fur
nished money for the building of the
road. It Is known that a consolidation
of the roads was broached pome
months ago. The San Jose and Santa
Ciara line was willing to sell, but the
high price asked by the San Jose Rail
road Company blocked the deal. This
road is owned by the German Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco.
The road runs north and south on
First street, with branches into the
four quarters of the city. The German
Savings and Loan Society secured the
road on foreclosure a few years ago
for a little more than $200,000. but when
approached by the representatives of
the St. Louis people asked 5700,000 for
the property.
The San Jose and Santa Clara Com
pany lines extend from Santa Clara to
San Jose, with a branch to Alum Rock
Park and a line ddtvn Tenth street. Its
length is about fourteen miles. The
Interurban runs from this city to Sara
toga and Los Gatos, a distance of fif
teen miles. The line has only been in
operation a few weeks. It is broad
gauge and up-to-date in equipment.
The other reads have been built many
years and v.ould require rebuilding and
modern equipment in a few years.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Parties Interested in the
Project Refuse to Discuss
Details of Negotiations
KOADS TO BE IMPROVED
San Jose Street Car Lines
Are About to Be Consoli
dated Into Oiie.Corporation
RAILWAY DEAL
IS UNDER WAY
FLOOD WATERS
DESTROY CROPS
¦¦ ¦ ¦ '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAIX: FRIDAY, -MARCH 25. 1904.
3
DR. SHOOP'S HZMEDIES.
Get My Book, if Sick.
Don't Send a Penny.
r>oa'i icikJ a prr.n) ¦¦*..
lutt »ait nil voj »c? m-tat I <an<!o
I^iiwulf i!.* n »V L*« me pt^vr up fnt «»v>t Pr
>hoop ¦ kr«.-»atr » . ,r, do Ilw Restorative »ill tiin I
loot fnetid*hip. v<Hir rodm«i<»ri. :fTr>«t«Jit. lot) j
«• hole nvjoth yo« car. u» -.t v..il..-;-t \\* .sliirlufot ri»k |
» « ».l tc.l >•_..-. drucc>*t ne.r ;.-oo nho «ill fnrouh !
• •» hott!e» o» IV Slioop * Ke*torati^ a n»cn:S on trial. I
i »;ll «h%ntutely «t»n^ all the c>*t il it faib II j-ca
ttV. It oid not lwlp me." that cndi it is fat a* cott to
j o» » concerned I >o yoo und«suno me? I am tell
•¦i« rf^a* pUaily, a: dearly a» I can I »ant you to
l:<w aSsciutrlv and »it!-oul drjbl t!iai this cftct u
m?dr on honor 1 have i'.e pretenptien dial rum.
onl-. tiroblrm u toomvmce vxi that T>i Snoop's
riestoralive «-.ll cure— 1» air uncommon Ttmtif A
frmnor remeay cotld not &ian) a te»t like thu. It
»-.*.."i tvr '*.-.:; i :' r- ,r,vcur mfkirc the oflcr Aod
I am murceedmft everymnrre and liere is tl* -rcrei of
my suoces* I found tr.wri&blv ttat mhere there was a
»«-altre»*. vyf ir.-.ide nerve* \»e:e m-eak Where diere
«»i» bckof vitality, th.r vital fverve* lacked power
V'.'h«^ »eak orjrar^ »-ere found, I il»ar» found weak
nen-r* Not the nerves cotr.n>t>nly thoiplu rt but the
»rt»! o?t:»n»' ner«-e» The ir.sidt— llie invisible nerves.
Thi« »a* a melaUnn Then my real suens* bec-an
Tltrti I cMp.btned inzredrT.ti. that »onkj «trrnrtnen,
•jist v.n.M « iut:». these nerk-es That pirvripiion I
• *.!ed a re*lorat:ve It is known tiie wniid over nov-
as Or Shoop"» KestOTatKe. l'!iousands are anejitirx
r-.y offer and onSr on* m each furty m-rites me that my
remedy Jailed Ju« think or it tsout or 4 eret mell
and these «re diScv it cases, loo And ihe fortieth has
nothing to pay That M • rrrcrd I am proud of il
i> vtoqc tosu> Kick when'a chance i.'«t thu u open.
H »ell. jo« should Jell others who are aick. of my offer.
I>crTt let • tick fneod »•->> tick because he know* not
of my c»e» Tell han (^i my book fot him Do
5 our duty Vcu may be sirkymirself. sometime Sick
r«cpkf need heip. They arprecaie «>Trpathjr and aid.
1 ell me of roire sick friend Let me cure nun. Then
1 r wul show his rrat-.Uidr to botli ot es. Your re-
••••tJ »ul be *-a rr»tiu:di Send for the brx>k now.
Dti not deb*
Bock I en Dy»pep»l»-
Blairir «Ut» which nook 1 on th« Heart,
bock j on wast anS Beck 3 ea tb# Kidney*
*«~»3- ¦» c r me %i« n
bcx S6KL lUclafc. ««.ale«>.
Book 0 on RhrumaUeiu
JCia c«»e* not chroalc. ar« cftea cured
with cn» or two bcttle« *.t irvggliu'
Risk and extravagance a
taken out-of
•
tea bsJcsr-pow^er «piee«
coSis* fj-rorlzz «nu»i»» aoda
by Schilling's Best goods an
dealing.
Vour o-rocer's: moneybac 1
_ * "^ ADVEKTISEMENTS. - ¦_
Now s the time===this the place
M^^^^^k Here is'a big store brimful of bright new spring. goods —
clothing, hats, shirts, collars, neckwear, underwear, hosiery —
-^^h|^^^^PI : in f act everything in wearing apparel for men and boys.
.^^P^^^^^Kj r Every article is really underpriced. Other stores charge
more * or e very same g°°ds. The immense growth of our
business shows what a great number of people have found
S^^^M% Easter is April 3d. Prepare now.
' m^mm ¦ Sack Siiit^ \ I on CLori^
lt^J?ll?Piv ur new rea dy" to ~ wear s P" n g su i ts at $ 10 A topper is the thing for spring. A short
®$ia R?^* wiI1 fit and wear> Tliey are irlade n *S ht -~- coat like this to look well must have the
PMI IPS! made by us in our own workshops. The pat- p roper cut . In making the garments ourselves
li fPi?3£'3 terns are what are being worn neht now bv , . ,
.||j ffip good dressers. ' ' we sce that thev are P^perly cut.
'*••'¦•- If R^$^ }° ur P r * cc * 3 f rorn $ 10 to $ ! 5 see tnese c have. them made of covert in three swell
lj$-| W'l$$ . - su i ts - If vou want to pay more see us any- shades — your choice for $8.50.
¦ M^^. way. We have suits up to S35.
V:*i? Are you goincr to buv vour new sorine suit _. . . .-. .
m ' ™^^. from s: N. Wood & Co., who make their Remember any garment we sell can be re-
JH 'sascfat'/non-urx: Qwn goodS; or arc you going elsewhere and turned if not satisfactory in every way. This
ffiffi pay more money? - is a safe store for you and it always will be.
Wlpn viorht SSiirte lor /iin x^iW" — a*.
iTlvil O niglll 4J1III to 1U1 I «Jw /fe; I \i\.v, Ik
A manufacturer recently decided to cease making night shirts. ;£& WC
Our buyer purchased his stock on hand at a low cash 'price — took . j^k%^f€^C \lf&*V vjp
every shirt he had and shipped them to cur store. /flSJSL '\ vJv V ' : l 'H»j
the goods were made to seli tor $1.00 and $1.25. Our fortunate fj^^m v\^C ? <!% i^S
purchase enables us to retail them for seventy-five cents. IflNfS / X^vv^A * CAjllis
They are made of extra heavy Wamsutta twilled muslin — some \ft®S v ": > wm
plain, others trimmed with embroidery; cut long and wide for com- Jfi&lik °^\ v\* V^w^
fort; doubie sewed seams, patent stays, pearl buttons and other C Vw^;*L •'i'-'Sm
You had better buy three or four at the price— you will when %^^^^^
' . ' . .... /
" :; 0SS-. Boys' Gonfiriiiation Suits
./Sjt^^ /^-r§^ Easter is near. Why not buy the boy his confirmation suit at this
JmBtSiL / fMW special sale and save enough on the purchase to buy him his shirts, collars
h\zny mothers have been wisely doing this all week.
r:^ :ii^™s[ Doys oiiiis Youtnb ouiib
'^¦*^/^'^^^^^ra^ Suits for boys from S to 14 years: made * Young men's suits in single or double
w ' t * 1 coat - vcst ail(1 knee pants, from ail- breasted 'style, made from an all-wool blue
wool dark blue cheviots. Our regular price serge, which we guarantee absolutely fast
* or t ' iesc three-piece suits is $4.00— special colored; ages 12 to 19; regular S10.00 gar-
Pff^ 1 ---; 'j'.-'-'lM \ price is « ments; now on special sale for .iiv>
¦ !^^g Boys' Furnishings and Hats
*§'$$&. I B^^ Here are other items the young man or boy will require in his confirmation dress: f.f
• r^^t «H11 White shirts,^ with laundered linen bosoms, 50c and 75c
iSBk Golf, shirts in white and very light grounds, 50c: -
Collars, cuffs and neckties at regular prices.
$jjm Or vs roni t0 I2 - vcars: Automobile caps, in dark blue cloth and black leather,
JB " For youths: Black stiff hats at $1.50 and $2.00; soft hats at 90c, $1.30, $1.50 and $2.00.
B^a^?^ 'Sketched /tat. life. - The fine steel knives we are giving with every boy's suit or overcoat is now the main
topic of conversation among the schoolboys.
-.-.*' • . - ;-*.'• . ¦ ¦ , . * ¦- ¦*."¦.¦ " " r J " ' _.-j' " ,
¦-¦¦.......:...,¦
V ' - -:' :^*W *' •» - . *•- . ¦¦ > /% - ' "tk
jrak':^^^^^^.v^^^^ I r'y 1 We Sell llilt 1^ tit S mil 11 DficCS tO VOU ('?' '''^-'^^wt^^k
y° ur clothes here, so offer the lints as a sort oi " s< <^^^^^^^ 0^
.¦ifpi> ¦ S invitation. Otherwise these hats at SI. 00 would
p||ij^,. *^0j be at least $1.50. Some stores ask SI. 75 for hats \{J^
-.^^L-^^^.^^^. They come in. soft shapes of every kind—
W&l§k e^ oras » Tourists, Three-in-Ones, Cowboys,
:^m^^"-^j^^fi Alpines and various others. • 1^^^^
ftftil%. fllllli^ For out-and-out hat value this is the best ' Fv^f
**' '^^'^ offer in town. See the hats— judge for yourself.
filled for a;ij> y^J I B^ Q) © page illustrated
of these goods. ., -^— ' ;-\. ~r - 1 " 1 catalogue.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
f 8 /OXy- SATURDAY
OF
Hi a : BUY 5 n i T
SUITS '
gf
v*^jfL^"7 INGLE and double .uVi^.i
Ss&wWr breasted Black Clay
[\Jpjr Worsted long-pants Suits i&\?%|r,
1 VTy well tailored, serge lined; ages
NJ/13 to 19. Regular price $10 I I /
(>]V SPECIAL iCj
jUJy for Friday and Saturday / |Pg
Sw/ Cl^'GLE and double. breasted aR)
\J/ tine Blue Thibet long pants \n /
(V| Suits ; aojes 12 to 19. Regular tV j
fi I. price $12.50. .\Iy I
v\/ +J i i-« V/ 1 n 1_< Till / '
A a for Friday and Saturday ffQ
"flP'll S S Y A B T R £?; 'I pifSpanish King to Be Atbitratoi'.
J. Neilson, while passing through a
crowd at the corner of Market street
and Grant avenue last njght had his
gold watch and chain torn from his
vest. •'; He; discovered the loss soon after
the occurrence and at once reported the
fact to police headquarters. He has no
clew to the thief. . *
Robbed * of Watch nnd Chain.
V MOSCOW, ' March 24.— In order to
counteract the propaganda of the Japa
nese .Government a firm here* Is sending
a number of^ placards and pictures to
China descriptive "of the valor of the
Russian arms. *" .
Placards Praise Russian Valor.
MOSCOW, . March 24.— The munici
pality of this city is cutting down the
city budget in order to provide the
$500,000 voted for the war. Instead of
twenty new schools only five will be
opened. ':?:.\\:K. .¦ ;'];•
War Closes Moscow School*.
ST. PETERSBURG, March 24.—Cap
tain Leontieff of the St. Petersburg
artillery has been arrested on the
charge of selling military secrets to
Japan. - ..-. > v .
Captain Irkorff of the.Manchurian
commissariat service, who has been ar
rested and Is awaiting trial by c6urt
martial on the charge of having sold
information in connection with the
quartermaster's department to Lieu
tenant Colo.nel Akashi, who was mili
tary attache of the Japanese Legation
here, has petitioned the bar asking for
clemency on the ground' that the infor
mation that he sold to the Japanese
Legation was not important. He re
ceived only $250 for the information
sold, which consisted of the details of
the Russian commissariat service dur
ing the Eoxer war.
The Kastcr number of .Town Talk ¦ Is
now out with an artistic cover and fifty
two pages of reading matter. This
breezy weekly, which has become noted
for its individuality, its independence
and its courageous devotion ; to. the pub
lic interests, has taken rank .among the
leading magazines of the. country. It3
advertising columns are an indication of
the fact that it is appreciated by the best
element of the business community. That
it appeals to a large class of readers is
evident from th« quantity and quality of
the reading matter, its sprightly com
ment in satirical vein, its. breezy, digni
fied .personalities, its able dissertations
on current topics and its excursions into
the field of light literature. The current
number, is of absorbing interest from
cover r to cover. The Saunterer tells of
Gavin McNab's attitude toward William
R. Hearst, of the renascence of Henry
E. Hlghton. of society swells at "Spider"
Kellys ball, Fitzgerald Murphy's reply
to Herman Schcffauer. why the bar
should, be grateful , to Judge Kerrigan,
how the army has been demoralized, th*
high treason of A mndee Joullin and the
electioneering of : California Club women.
He also gives the usual tittle-tattle of
the : smart set. There are some capital
short stories, by McGreehan. Lawrence
Martin and Irene Connell. a . new poem
by SchefCauer. essays by Harry Cornell
and others and, all the latest theatrical
news. Town Talk is the most complete
and readable magazine that has come to
hand in many a day.- By the way, Town
Talk has moved Into larger quarters in
the Morgan block, at Mission' and Second
streets, where it has established a big
printing plruit. . , - •
Town Tulk.
TRAITORS GIVING
CZAR'S GOVERNMENT
MUCH TROUBLE
Mrs. Raymond Brown gave the sec
ond of her course of Wagnerian lec
ture recitals at Lyric Hall last night
and again kept her audience deeply
interested by her clever and concise
manner of telling the story of Tristan
and Isolde and by her splendid piano
playing. Mrs. Brown certainly has
made a tleep study of the music
dramas and thoroughly understands
how to impart her knowledge to her
audience. To-morrow the subject will
be Wagner's clever satirical work.
"Die Meisterslnger" and the final re
ci&l will be given to-morrow after
noon, the sifbject being "Parsifal." At
the present time "Parsifal" is being
discussed more than any other musi
cal or dramatic work in this country
and it will be most interesting to hear
the tale and have the motifs and
themes of the great work explained
by so capable an exponent as Mrs.
Raymond Brown. Next season Man
ager Greenbaum hopes to induce Mrs.
Brown to return and give a series of
explanatory recitals on the great
sonatas. N
Tells of Tristan and Isolde.
SEATTL.E. March 21. — Goods valued at
S9.U01.223 were whippfd to Alaska, exclusive
of British Yukon consignments, durlnx the
year 190;:. according to the annual report of
Captain D. O. Garvie. Collector of Customs
for- the district-
WASHINGTON, March 24.— The fol
lowing cablegram has been received at
the State Department from Minister
Allen at Seoul, dated to-day: -.
"Announcement has been made in
Seoul that Yongampho will be opened
and Jt Is said that 1000 Russian troops
have advanced' to the Anju River, but
that the floating Ice makes crossing
extremely difficult. There has been
some slight skirmishing, but few cas
ualties so far."
MINISTER ALLEN
REPORTS RUSSIAN
ADVANCE TO ANJU
. ODESSA, March -24. — The volunteer
fleet steamship Voroney, the first Rus
sian ship to leave the Far East\ since
the outbreak of the war, has arrived
here, having eluded the Japanese, by
a clever ruse. She was painted to re
semble a Japanese collier which left
Vladivostok before her. The captain
of the^Voroney had resolved to take
to the ooats and blow up his ship if
hard pressed by the Japanese.
Masquerade* As Japanese Ship.
SEOUL, March 24.— A Korean ac
cused of being a Russian spy has been
executed at Pingyang by the Jap'anese.
The Korean Government has present
ed fifty head of cattle, thirty cases of
wine and 30,000 cases of cigarettes to
the Japanese in appreciation of their
great successes.
A • Korean Government official at
Wiju wires that the number df Rus
sians who crossed the Yalu during Feb
ruary and March was 3500, of whom 300
are stationed at Wiju. while 500 were
sent to Chongju and 1000 along the
route from Wiju to Wonson.
NEW YORK. March 24. — The fol
lowing Californians have arrived:
From San Francisco — L. Burchard.
at the Belvidere; R. C. Doward, at th?»
Raleigh: \V. Green, at the Savoy; F.
J. Hewitt, at the New Amsterdam; ii.
L. Requa, at the NetherUXnd; Mrs. C.
S. Short, at the Imperial; Mrs. S. Sol
omon, at the Savoy; Mrs. Trevethen,
at the Imperial; F. and A. K. Hoff
man. C. M. Brannan, at the Rossmore;
Miss C. D. Crellin. E. W. Crellln. at
the Victoria.
Californians in Xew York.
TOKIO, March 24.— It has been de
termined to postpone indefinitely the
removal of dfficial headquarters to
Kioto. At the outbreak of the war It was
thought that Kioto, where the Mikado
has two famous palaces and several
imperial villas, would be close to the
seat of war and more convenient for
the directing of the naval campaign.
Japan's naval successes have obviated
that necessity.
The House committee Investigating
the charge that Teisuke Akiyama, a
member of the Parliament, was in the
pay of the Russians, met to-day and
privately questioned a number of \\vit
nesses and examined other evidence
submitted. The police supplied part
of the evidence. It is now reported
that another member is implicated. It
Is suspected that when the committee
has reported the House will discuss
the question to-morrow.
The war tax measures were dis
cussed in committee to-day. The pub
lic was excluded. It Is likely the com
mittee will report to-morrow. •
Rev. William Rader lectured before
the members of the Men's Club of the
First Congregational Church last night
on the subject, "Uncle Sam, or the
Reign of the People." He touched on
politics, home life, religion and edu
cation. The labor problem was con
sidered at length, and he deprecated
the idea that there should ever be
two classes of people in America.
"Labor and capital should never
clash," he said. . "They should walk
hand in hand."
In speaking of the army, he said:
"Uncle Sam \s a soldier, and our army
has come from the people spontane
ously. While we are a nation of peace
ful intent, when we are called upon to
defend our rights every citizen is
willing to become a soldier."
Reverend William Racier Gives Bril
liant Talk Before Men's Club of
Congregational Church.
LECTURES OX "UXCLR SAM, Oil
THE REIGX OF THE PEOPLE"
KOREAN ACCUSED
OF BEING A SPY
IS EXECUTED
The work of constructing the Trans-
Siberian Railroad around Lake Baikal
is in such shape that Prince Khilkoff,
who is at the head of the' system of
Russian military communication, feels
that he can relinquish immediate per
sonal supervision of It. The Prince will
leave to-day for St. Petersburg.
IRKUTSK, March 24.— The entire
population of this place and the troops
under General Chichago gave General
Kuropatkin an enthusiastic welcome
when he arrived here on his way to
Mukden. The general is accompanied
by Colonel Khorvat, superintendent of
the Trans-Siberian Railway.
Miss Ida Mooney, a girl of 17. who
came with her infant to San Fran
cisco from Auckland. New Zealand,
ten months ago in company with Mrs.
Caroline Troutman, was sent back by
the local police to her friends In New
Zealand yesterday on the Sonomu.
The case made considerable stir at
police headquarters because friends of
the young woman in San Francisco,
believing the stories she had told
them that she vat over 1 8 years ol<l.
tried to prevent her deportation.
Miss Mooney and her infant were
living with Mr?. Troutman at 715
Post street until a fortnight ago. when
a neighbor, Mrs. Osbourne, who lives
in th>» same house, found her a room
elsewhere with a family which con
sented to care for the child while its
mother was out at work. The polite
had been informed of the facts con
cerning the grrl's age and con
dition and the detectives final
ly traced her to her new lo'dgr
ings, where she was arrested yes
terday morning. Mrs. Osbourne. find
ing her young friend missing, consult
ed an attorney about the matter and
on going with him to police head
quarters was informed that Miss
Rooney was wanted at Auckland by
her relatives. The young woman's
vutsaage home was paid and she was
placed under the care of the captain
of the Sonoma.
Infiint Snll on the Liner
Sonoma.
Iila Jfooney, Ageel Seventeen, and Her
At the solicitation of Attorney Al
fred Sutro, representing the Santa Fe
Railroad, Superior Judge F. J. Muras
ky yesterday made an order directing
the forfeiture of the bond for the ap
pearance of Ticket Broker Adolph Ot
tinger, who. In February of last year,
was adjudged guilty of contempt of
court by Judge Slo?s for violating an
injunction restraining him from
handling tickets sold by the Santa Fe
and sentenced to serve two days in
jail and pay a fine of $300. This ac
tion will be followed by a suit to re
cover from Captain T. F. A. Ober
meyer and H. E. Peterson. Ottinger's
sureties, the face value of the bond.
' A petition for a writ of prohibition
restraining the Superior Court from
enforcing a judgment of fine and im
prisonment for contempt against Ottin
ger was filed in the Supreme Court yes
terday. The defendant's offense con
sisted of selling return tickets from the
Knights of Pythias convention after he
had been enjoined from so doing by an
order of court. J
Judge Murasky, at Request of Attor
ney Alfred Sutro, Declares Brok
er's Bond Forfeited.
YOUXG MOTHKK IS SENT
HO3II-: TO NEW ZEALAND
IRKUTSK GTVES
WARM WELCOME
TO KUROPATKIN
BERLIN, March 25.— In spite of the
denial of the Hamburg Boersenhallo
of all reports of the sale of German
linens to Russia the Hamburg corre
spondent of the Tagfeblatt insists that
the Fuerst Bismarck and the Kaiser
Friederich have actually be.en sold to
that Government and that 'the cre\V3
have been engaged. '
PARIS, March 25.— The St. Peters
burg correspondent of the Echo do
Paris says it Is affirmed that the Rus
sian Admiralty* has bought the North
German Lloyd steamer Kaiser Wilhelm
der Grosse. «
HAMBURG, March 24.— A private
dispatch received here says the Ham
burg-American Steamship Company
has sold the steamship Fuerst Bis
marck to Russia and that the negotia
tions for the sale of the steamer Kaiser
Friederich, previously announced, are
now completed.
The Boersenhalle denies all reports ol
the sale of German liners to' Russia.
I.tsays that different sales are reported
daily and all such stories are equally
groundless. 'Among the vessels men
tioned by the Boersenhalle are the
Fuerst Bismarck, the Columbia, tho
Lahn, the Trave and the Kaiser Fried
erich.
JAPAN'S OFFICIAL
HEADQUARTERS TO
REMAIN AT TOKIO
In his letter home, received yester
day by his parents. Darneal recounts
some of his experiences. He wjites:
"On the morning of February '8 1
sent Mrs. Darneal to Chefu, 'because
It seemed that there would soon be
lively times at Port Arthur. The firing
began that night. 1 was In the thick
of it. Shells and other missiles
whistled in close proximity to my sky
piece several times, and I was far from
feeling comfortable. In shorthand 1
took the first dispatches of the bom
bardment from Port Arthur to the
outer world. I ran the blockade" and
took the dispatches to Chefu, where I
sold them for a handsome sum. With
this money I was enabled to pay my
way in good shape. The Russians
cou! * not understand my shorthand
notes, otherwise I do not think I would
have eot away so easily. I do not
think I will soon venture again upon
Russian territory since it Is known
that I sent out those dispatches, for
I have no desire to make a sojourn in
Siberia."
, — •
OAKLAND, March 24.— With shells
from Japanese battleships hurtling
perilously close to him, Hervey Dar
neal Jr., son of Hervey Darneal, an of
ficial stenographer of the Alameda Su
perior Court, unconcernedly took
stenographic notes of his experiences
througlvtho first bombardment at Port
Arthur. Then Darneal, running the
gauntlet of Russian censorship, got
away with his records to Chefu, where
they were speedily transcribed and
sent out over wire and cable to the
press of the world.
Young Darneal had been employed
for a year with the East Asiatic Com
pany, Limited, at Port Arthur. The
outbreak of the war found, him and his
young wife at the very center of opera
tions.
The devotion of the young Empress
to the work of the Red Cross Society
has aroused the enthusiastic admira
tion of the Russian people. She has
thrown herself heart and soul into this
work, even personally assisting in the
preparations of bandages and other
supplies for the sick and wounded. Her
little daughters strive U emulate the
example of their mother and assist In
collecting and packing the materials.
The construction of batteries at New
chwang is hurried feverishly, and it is
believed that place will shortly be in
a condition to resist even a determined
assault by the Japanese.
Eighty-two field engineers have left
for the front for service in the erec
tion of the fortifications and other work
in connection with the Russian opera
tions.
Orders have been cabled to Admiral
Wirenius to keep his squadron at Pi
raeus, Greece, until further instruc
tions. As the squadron coals from its
own colliers, it is expected that Greece
will not order it away, even should Ja
pan make representations to that Gov
ernment.
Grand Duke Cyrus, cousin of the
Czar and who was on board the Askold
when that cruiser steamed out of Port
Arthur at the head of the fleet during
the last bombardment, has been ap
pointed an aid to Admiral Makaroff.
The Novoe Vremya notes the wel
come change in the tone of the London
Times and says it marks a return of
Russia's pleasant attitude toward the
Franco-English entente.
According to reports received hero
the police of Harbin have taken meas
ures to prevent the proprietors of shops
Increasing the price of provisions. Sev
eral of the shops have been closed and
the proprietors who increased their
prices have been prosecuted. Country
men are bringing in supplies, which
fact tends to keep prices down. People
from Harbin .say that the inhabitants
there are tranquil and have no fear of
what the future may bring forth. They
deny the rumors that 5000 persons are
without shelter on the shores of Lake
Baikal, waiting for transportation I to
European Russia.;
Strong fortifications have been erect
ed for the defense of Harbin and Liao
yang.
ST. PETERSBURG, March 24.—Gen
eral Gerard. and Colonel Waters, Brit
ish military representatives, have
started for the front and so have the
German militaryattach.es. The French
will start at once; also the Americans.
To each of the, foreign attaches a Cos
sack orderly has been assigned to look
after his wants.
Germ Steaiip Will Sail
Under tie Flai of tie
Czar Hereafter,
Russia Permits foreip Mili
tary Experts to Proceed;
to tie Front.
Alameda Yorai Man Witnesses
Japanese Bombardment of
Port Arthur.
PEKING, March 24.— The Russian
military agent at Tientsin has applied
for a passport and permission to visit
Jehol and Chnngwantsu, where Gen
eral Ma's troops are stationed,, and
:ilso for a special letter of introduction
to the general. The Chinese Foreign
Office is disinclined to comply. .
Thf. Russian and Japanese notifica
tions regarding contraband of wardif
fering somewhat, the Chinese Govern
ment has applied to Sir Robert Hart
for advice. Sir Robert Hart has ad
vised it to prohibit the giving of any
assistance to Japan, according to the
Russian notification, or to Russia, ac
rordJng to the Japanese "notification.
Peking Is placarded with notices pro-
Authoritative reports from Kirln
Kwangrchengtsi. Mukden. Liaoyang
and Hsuyen show that three days ago
complete quiet prevailed, with a regu
lar movement of troops in the direction
of the Yalu River. One regiment passed
through Hsuyen on Sunday, March 20.
ASKS FOK A PASSPORT.
Both foreign and native. vessels are
anxiously awaiting the opening of the
Liar» River. It is their purpose to re
move valuable goods and (heir cargoes
before fighting begins.
The maintenance of neutrality by the
Chinese in the region between the great
wall and the Liao River is said to be
complete, thus contrasting with the al
leged Russian violation of neutrality
in the same region by the maintenance
of armed patrols and guards half way
to Shanhaikwan.
NEWCHWAXO, March 24.-Prince
Alatsin. sovereign of Mongolia on
route to his capital, arrived at Kin
ibcw yesterday from Peking and also
frcm Japan, whtre he witnessed the
maneuver? and mobilization of the Jap
anese army. In accordance with the
declaration of Chinese neutrality.
Prince Alatsin has commanded the ob
servance of neutrality throughout Mon
golia, thu? rendering illegal the large
pony, beef end feed t raffle upon which
the Russians are depending, but which
notwithstanding his Japanese sympa
thies, he has found it impossible to sup
press. '
On the arrival of Gpneral Kuropat
kin in trans-Baikal territory General
Lir.evltch tent the commander in chief
a telegram of velcc-me. saying the
troops were thirsting to take revenge
on the enpniy and were impatiently
awaiting Kuroyatkin's arrival.
Advices from Pouth .Manchuria and
North Korea «ay all is quiet there
MONGOLIA'S NEUTRALITY.
Peiachments of General Mistehenko\s
troops remain in North Korea, recon
noitering. A party is always watching
Ar,ju. but the Russians have not cn
«oumtrcd any Japanese during the last
few days. \
It is positively reported that the Jap
am se propose to land troops at Gatsia,
north of Shanhaikwan. There are nu
merous Japanese sj.ies at Shanhaikwan
and elsewhere cm the railroad to Yin
kow.
It Is learned that the Russian mili
tary attache at Peking is now at New
thwang watching the movement of the
Chinese troo:>s.
LIAOYAN'J, Manchuria, lilarch 24.—
General Ma has transferred his head
quarters to- Tungchou, and his troops;
have been withdrawn v.estward of the
Sir.mintung Railroad. Viceroy Yuan
Shi Kai is now at Tientsin. His troops
art returning to Paotingfu.
"It would have worse consequence
for other powers than Russia if Japan
ehouid enter neutral territory, for such
a step would obviously be for the pur
pose of inveigling China into the tight.
If Japan should be successful in this
there would be an uprising against for
eigners, which would be ten-fold great
er than the Boxer affair. The merp
possibility is pregnant with all sorts
of danger, but we can fcardly believe
that Japan will venture to violate the
neutrality of China as she did that or
Korea."
The Russian military authorities have
fell themselves compelled to consider
the foregoing .possibility and to takv
the necessary precautions. A high
Russian official said:
The Russians have little iaith in the
Chinese generals, Ma and Mu, who
might disregard orders from Peking
and join the forces of Japan.
If the information received is correct
the Japanese have discovered that a
landing <>n the peninsula is too hard
a nut to crack and have elected to land
on the Chinese side, where there will
be no army to repel them. The only
two i>oints feasible for landing die
t- hinwatao and Tionkiuchang and Kau
kiau on the Peking Railroad. A janJ
ing at either place would give the Jap
anese possession of a splendid strategic
line by which to strike the Russian
•!ank. and, if desired, to hold Peking in
subjection.
XO FAITH IX CHINESE.
The presence of disguised Japanese
soldiers acting as spies along the Shaii
haikwan road has been established,
and Russian agents report that there
is every indication of an intended land
ing on the west coast of the gulf of
Liaotung. •
ST. PETERSBURG. March 24.— The
War Ofiice is in receipt of persistent
rumors that the Japanese are prepar
ing to land on neutral Chinese terri
tory, on the west coast of the Gulf of
Li;iOtun±;, either at Tienkinehang, in
Kinchow Bay, or at Shanhaikwan.
Although slow to believe that Japan
citlibtrately contemplates a violation
or. her pledge to respect neutral Chi
nese territory, the Ministry of War has
received reports so specific that they
compel consideration.
PARIS, March 24. — A dispatch to
the Temps from St. Petersburg ''says
General Sakharoff,. chief, of the gen
eral staff, who has been acting Mln
ister-of War, has been appointed Min
ister of War, to succeed General Kuro-
TIENTSIN, March 24.— Viceroy -Yuan
Shi Kai has prohibited the Chinese
from purchasing the Chinese newspa
per Chihpao, on the ground that it
had published an, untrue article refer
ring to the : bad conduct of the Im
perial troops - on the border, which
tended, he clnime'd, to excite the people
Sakliaroff Succeeds Kuropatkin.
Twenty-eight reserve battalions,
comprising the infantry reserves *of
brigades No. 51 and 57, have been con
verted into regular battalions and
regiments. Each battalion wilj have
eight companies. These will replace
troops drafted to the front.
The Emperor has conferred with
the Ministers on means for increasing
the Red Cross fund. A proposal to
impose an additional tax on foreigners
was rejected" and it was ' decided to
raise the special tax. on railroad tick
ets. The sum of 53,000,000 has been
donated and there is a reserve fund of
$3.000,CT00. of which $400,000 is avail
able in cash, bringing up the total to
nearly $6,500,000.
hiblting the natives from assisting
either of the belligerents. • »
RESERVES TO SEE SERVICE.
The promotion of Grand Duke Ser
gius the rank of major general has
involved an important change in the
supreme command of the Russian ar
tillery, which had been for many
years in /control of his father.
Grand Duke Sergius is regarded
as being the foremost machine gun
specialist in the Russian army. His
palace is filled with Maxim. Colt, Nor
denfeldt and other quick-firing guns.
Grand Duke Sergius will have control
of the artillery being sent to the Far
East. '
"There is absolutely no truth in the
report published in England to the ef
fect that the Japanese have crossed
the Tatung Pass or that they have
had engagements with the Russians,
while the statement that the way to
the Motienling Paps, where a strong
Russian detachment is alleged to be
stationed, is open to' the Japanese is
a!so a pure invention. To the same
category belong the reports published
in London newspapers from Japanese
sources of an engagement alleged to
have taken place at Port Arthur on
March 18. and of the encounter at
Changsieng (on the Yalu River), in
which the Russians were reported to
have Io3t COO men killed or wounded."
CRUISER NOT DESTROYED.
The press is officially authorized to
deny the reports received in Berlin and
published in the United States by a
news agency that a Russian armored
cruiser, the Bayan, was blown up by
a Uoating torpedo in the harbor at
Port Arthur, on March 16, and that a
Russian torpedc-boat was sunk, owing
to colliding vrith a mine.
Major General Pflug telegraphs from
Mukden, under to-day's date, -as fol
lo-ws:
ST. PETERSBURG, March 24.— When
General Kuropatkin reaches Mukden it
is understood the Emperor's forces at
the seat of war will be divided into
three armies — one on the peninsula, In
cluding the Port Arthur garrison, under
General Stoessel, military commander
at Port Arthur; a central army, under
General Linevitch, and a northern
army, under General Baron Stackel
berg. Any idea that General Kuropat
kin's arrival will be signalized by ag 1
gressive tactics is discouraged in the
highest military circles, where atten
tion is called to the general's reported
injunction— patience, patience, patience.
"We can afford to wait, whether or
not the Japanese can," is the sentiment
among the believers in General Kuro
patkin.
He expects to force the Japanese to
attack him on ground of his own choos
ing. There will be no forward move
ment into Korea. On the contrary, the
Russians at the Yalu are now screen
ing their concentration to the west
ward, and they probably will retire
from a Japanese advance in force,
harassing and retarding the enemy as
much as possible until the prope'r time
to uncover the main Russian army.
. EXPECT JAPAN TO ATTACK.
The continued landing of Japanese
troops in Korea is exactly to the liking
of the Russian strategists. The bigger
the army disembarked there the better
they will be suited, being convinced
that, once Korea is filled with the Japa
nese soldiers, pressure of numbers and
the clamor of public opinion will drive
Japan forward into the arms of the
Russians. Nothing but a complete
change of. plan in the Japanese cam
paign, as developed up to date, will
compel the Russians to depart from
their determination to play a consistent
waiting game, being convinced that all
the advantages of such a policy He on
their side.
The Russians also express much more
satisfaction at the present situation at
Liaotung. The forces on the peninsula
have been reinforced to an extent which
will render a Japanese landing there
difficult, if not impossible, and the gar
rison at Port Arthur has been amply*
provisioned to withstand a siege. So
far as the peninsula is concerned, the
preparations there may now be regard
ed as complete. "*
ARMY ATTACHES
ABE STARTING FOR
THE SCENE OF WAR
TAKES SHORTHAND
NOTES WHILE FIGHT
IS IN PROGRESS
PARIS, March 25. — The special cor
respondent of the Figaro in St. Peters
burg vouches for the veracity of the
following report of a conversation be
tween General Kuropatkin and a
friend, which took place before the
general's departure for the Far East:
"Our fleet." said the general, "Is no
good to us for the moment. The best
it can do ia to remain bottled up at
Port Arthur and keep the Japanese
squadron there. Toward the end of
August our new fleet, which is being
made ready at Kronstadt. will have
joined the now useless fleet of Admiral
Wirenius, and, followed by coaling
vessels, will take to the Pacific a sup
plementary force of eight battleships,
seven cruisers and thirty-two torpedo
boats. It will raise the blockade at
Port Arthur and we shall be able to
oppose every Japanese warship by one
and one-half to one. By that time I
hope to have driven the Japanese from
the country into the sea."
The St. Petersburg correspondent of
the Echo do Paris says that the head
of the Armstrong Ordnance Company
has had an interview with High Ad
miral Grand Duke Alexis. He will go
to London on Saturday next to solicit
permission of the British War Office
to remain in St. Petersburg during
the entire period of the war. Should
this permission be granted he will re
, turn to St. Petersburg immediately.
Special Dispatch to Th« CalL
WILL SUE THE SURETIES
• OP ADOLP1I OTTINGER.
The Japanese are expected to appear
as soon as an entrance is possible. The
Russians will oppose their landing, but
with scant chance of success. It Is im
possible to block the river. The forts
at the mouth of the river are unequal
to the task of repelling the Japanese
ships, which can come up the river be
hind the transports and cover the land
ing of troops.
Once the town is taken the invaders
y'ill find an abundance of grain and
food stuffs, while at the terminus of
the Russian branch railway above the
city there is a great quantity of coal
and a group of useful buildings.
The people about here became ac
quainted with the Japanese during the
war between China and Japan In 1S94-5,
and are ready to give them every as
sistance. This is true also of the peo
ple to the west of the river, where the
Japanese would be able to obtain trans
port, forage and food to an unlimited
extent.
NEWCHWANG, March 24.— Yielding
to the south winds and the high tides,
the ice fields that stretch from New
chwang to the sea are moving up and
down the river with the ebb and flow
of the tidal currents. The thaw ia now
proceeding rapidly and the Ice is ac
cumulating in deeply sunken masses.
The Russians say that the river will
be navigable in a few days, provided
the mild weather continues.
Special Dispatch to The Call
RUSSIA PURCHASES
BIG OCEAN LINERS
FOR WAR SERVICE
Confident of Holding
All of Liaotuna
Peninsula.
Defenses Too Weal to
Resist Land and
- Sea AM.
Control of tie Sea to
Be Wrested From
the Enemy.
Kuronaftifl Will Wait
for U Japanese
io AM.
iiU uuiiiiiiuiiuu rmbuii
in PlGuges Me
by Peking.
Hears Bat tie Foe
Is to Violate China's
Neutrality. .
KrapaffiB Says a
Great Fleet Is to
Go to Far East
MUSCOVITE
IS WORRIED
BY RUMORS
NO CHANGE
IN RUSSIA'S
WAR PLANS
BROWN MEN
WILL TAKE
SLAV TOWN
Newcbrag's Capture
by i Japanese
Is Certain •
Vice Admiral Togo has, sent an official report of the fifth attack upon 'Port Arthur. Beyond an
nouncing that the Japanese fleet sustained no damage it conveys no new details, but it is significant in
two* respects: No, mention is nuule of damage to the Russian warships and the present strength of the
Russian fleet is shown. Togo reports that five \ Russian battleships and four cruisers came ont of the liar
hor to engage him, indicating that Vice 'Admiral Makaron* has at his disposal at least that number of ves
sels. . The Tokio correspondent of a London newspaper cables that the Japanese* on the day of the late at- .
tack upon Tort Arthur, succeeded in blockading the channel.' . Admiral Togo's report does not confirm this.
Port Arthur has been so greatly strengthened on the land side; that Russia regards the. town as ab
solutely safe from 'capture, and it is said that * Japan *will probably not • attempt an 'investment, prefer
ring to attack the Russian line of communications farther to the north. Port Arthur has been well supplied
with ammunition and provisions and is prepared to withstand a prolonged siege if necessary.
In an official report it is denied that the Russian cruiser Bayan was accidentally destroyed by
contact with a floating torpedo -and that a torpedo-boat was sunk by contact with a mine on March 6, as
reported in the British press. ' :
~Tlie arrival- of General Kuropntkin at the front will not be followed by any material change in the
Russinn plan of campaign. Russia will play a waiting game, with- the hone of drawing the Japanese
armies as for as possible from their base. The Muscovite tacticians believe that Japan will in time find
that an attempt to advance beyond the Talu will be preferable to maintaining an immense army in idle
ness In Xortljwestern Korea. '.
Despite denials, it appears certain that the Russian Government has purchased two great ocean liners
in Geipnany and is negotiating for others. These steamships can be converted Into auxiliary cruisers.
When the announcement was first made, that Russia was negotiating for private steamships it was said
that a formidable squadron of auxiliary cruisers would be formed to. accompany the Baltic Sen fleet to the
Far East during the summer.
Russian Government circles are disturbed over rumors that Japan is planning to land an army upon
neutral Chinese territory, whence it will advance upon Manchuria. Fear of a coup of this kind, coupled
with the belief that China intends taking a hand in the war, is causing much worry in St. Petersburg."
The surprising statement is made by the Shanghai correspondent of the London Times that David
son, appointed United States Consul to Antung,- has^ arranged wltli. the Japanese naval authorities to us-
Flst him to reach his destination. Antung Is at the mouth of the Yalu River and is the base of the Russian
army that is opposing the Japanese advance from Korea.
Newchwang is doomed. The defenses of the town are inadequate to withstand a Japanese attack.
Xow that the ice is going out of the Llao River, permitting transports and warships to ascend, the Mik
ado's forces are likely to begin the investment without delay. The capture of Xewchwang will «ive the
Japanese an important position not far from the Manchurlan Railroad, Russia's main line of communica
tion.
DESCRIBES
WAR PLANS
OF RUSSIA
SUMMARY OF THE CALL'S SPECIAL WAR DISPATCHES
RUSSIANS FEAR JAPAN WILL LAND ARMY IN CHINA
THE 'SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 25, ;.19O4.
NOOAL.ES, A. T., March 24. — FiT» "exam
ining physicians to-day pronounced John Dea
sart. ex-presldcnt of the wrecked International
Bank. Insan*. - He will be sent to the Terrl
urlal Insane Asylum at Fttoenljc
WASHINGTON. March. 24. —The protests of
Southern cotton manufacturers apainat Inter
ference of Congress In regulating labor con
tracts was the feature to-<tey fc» the hearing
on the eisht-hour bill before the Senate Com
mittee on Education and ' Labor. ' •
It was announced from Vienna on
March 14 that a telegram received from
Lemburg eaid that Captain Leontieff
of the Russian general staff had been
recently arrested in Warsaw for hav
ing sold to a foreign power a list of the
secret agents maintained by the Rus
sian general staff on the frontier dis
tricts of Russia's western neighbor.
The discovery. It was added, was made
through the delivery of a money order
to another person of the same name.
Xebntleff was reported to. have been
" PANAMA, March 24. — Minister
Senor Chocann.has been successful in
his mission .regarding the settlement
of the Colombian and Peruvian
boundary question. It seems to be as
sured that the matter .will be decided
byarbitration v and -that ''the .'King of
Spain will be arbitrator. -v^i-
4
DOAN'S KIDNEY PILLS.
DOSTT LEAVETHEOTY
Plenty of Proof Rlsht Here In San
Francisco.
Claim lAone thing. 'procf another.
Columbus claimed the world was round
Did people believe It? Not until he
proved it.
Unproven claims have made the peoota
skeptics.
Every claim made for the "Little Con-
queror" Is proven.
Proven In San Francisco by local ex-
perience.
Here Is one case from the many we
have: .
Mrs. Catherine Bartlett of 2720 Twenty-
first street saya: "1 have U3ed many dol-
lars' worth of medicine guaranteed to
cure kidney complaint during the last
seven years, but 1 must confess the ben-
efit I received from the most of it was
Infinitesimal. My trouble dates from over-
work when nursing my \late husband
through his final sickness, and it la very
difficult to adequately express what i
really endured. Knowing that trouble
with .the kidney secretions Is always a
sure indication of Inward trouble with the
kidneys. I bad not the slightest doubt
about- the cause of the complication, but
what to do to stop it was a mystery
Doan's Kidney Pilla came to my rescue
at a tim« when sorely required. It took
. three boxes to bring good sound health
but I consider the money well invested."
For sale by all dealers. Price 50 cents
Foster-Mllburn Co.. BufTalo. N. Y sola
agents for the United States.
Remember the name, Doan's, and taka400 Odd Beds for Sale.
The famous Mozart Symphony Club
of New York will give a concert this
evening in the auditorium of the Young
Men's Christian Association building,
corner of Mason and Ellis streets. This
entertainment is the ninth event in the
star course. .
Will Give Concert.
• Dr. E. A.Bohm registered a protest
yesterday , at the Coroner's office
against the use of his name as one of
the physicians who attended Belle
Imlay, the young woman. who died at
the City and County Hospital as the
result of a' self-performed criminal op
eration. The Morgue officials found
that they had : made a mistake and
that; it was Dr. Born and not | Dr.
Bohm who - attended the > unfortunate
young woman. \
Morgue Officials Mistake Name.
A man giving the name of Octavius
P. Reed entered the grocery of H.
Goetzen & Co., 280 Fifth street, short
ly after. 7 o'clock yesterday morning
and began to help himself to several
articles on the counter. G. Ashman,
a clerk in the store, approached the
man. and asked him what he meant.
The latter drew a revolver from his
pocket and threatened to blow the
clerk's brains out ; if he did • not keep
quiet. ¦ • ' - •
Patrolmen O'Connor . and Tyrell
were • passing the . place and seeing
Reed with the revolver in his- hand
placed him under arrest. He. was
booked at-, the- Southern police station
on charges of j carrying a concealed
weapon, threats against life and petty
larceny. - "When searched a pair of
brass knuckles and a long knife were
found in Reed's . pockets. He is sus
pected of being the man who has been
holding up saloons in different parts
of the city lately. .
Is Arrested in a Fifth-Street
Grocery.
Octavius P. Reed. Suspected Burglar.
VICTORIA, B. C.,' March 24.— The Domin
ion Government steamer Quadra j returned to
night from QuatMno Sound, bringing the pas
sengers of the steamer Queen City, which Is
anchored there with her shaft broken.
DRAWS A REVOLVER' AXD
THREATENS TO . KILL CLERK
If the Norris & Rowe shows continue
to grow as they have in the past CaH
fornia-will be represented by a circus
as large as any in the East.
The coming of Norris & Rowe's big
show recalls the remarkable growth of
this typically Western organization
from a small affair to its present im
posing proportions. The story reads
almost like a romance. .
Andrew Norris was the founder of
the organization. In 1SS8 he s;arted
with one trick dog, giving exhibitions
at. various small entertainments. He
gradually added to his collection until
he had quite a number of trick dogs.
Later he took his- brother Clarence as
partner and the show was known as
the Norris Bros.' trained dog 3how. In
1895 the exhibition was turned into n,
dog and pony show and was exhibited
for the first time under canvas. In 1S37
H. C. Rowe. who had been managing
the organization, was admitted a part
ner.
In 1900 Andrew Norris retired from
the business and made his iiome in
Santa ' Cruz. Clarence I. No.-r;s and
H. C. Rowe absorbed his interest . and
the, firm has since then been known as
Norris & Rowe.
Wild and native animals were added
from time to time. Norris trained the
animals, and Rowe looked after the
business end. Andrew Norris made his
first trips in a carriage; then baggage
cars belonging to the- railroad com
panies were used. This season Norris
& Rowe determined to turn the aliow*
into a genuine circus, exhibiting in two
rings and an elevated stage. It now
takes, twenty cars to move the shiw
and the 210 people with it.
'In the early hours of the morning'
when the show arrives in a city it Is
an interesting sight to watch it unload.
The horse car is emptied of its draught
horses, riding horses and trick ponies.
First comes the cook wagon and tent,
for breakfast must be ready for tht*
army of employes by the time the va
rious other tents are .up and things in
shape for the afternoon performance.
After the cookhouse and tent are un
loaded come the animal dens and cages,
the . band wagons, chariots and other
vehicles. The exhibition is given un
der three tents which .cover about two
acres of ground. — ' .
United States Marshal Shine will be
allowed hereafter to transport prisoners
to the East in Pullman drawing-rooms,
he having been notified yesterday that
he had won his appeal made several
months ago ~ to Comptroller Tracewell
at "Washington, D. C. It has been the
custom of the Marshal in taking pris
oners to the East to use the drawing
room of a Pullman sleeper for such
purpose as being the best and safest
mode of transporting prisoners. Office
Deputy A. L. Parish wrote an exhaus
tive brief to accompany the appeal and
set forth the many weighty objections
to the use of second class or tourist
cars and of Pullman berths for this
purpose.
Comptroller Tracewell In rendering
his opinion said:
"My reasons for such allowance are
that the method of travel to secure
the safety of the prisoners in their
transportation is one that must be left
largely to the discretion of the Mar
shal. The Government is able and will
ing to safely transport its prisoners in
the way that will b^st secure their ar
rival at the destination sought. If the
statements of the Marshal are correct
in his explanations, if he had failed to
avail himself of the facilities and the
prisoners - had escaped he would have
been, at least in some part, to blame
for such escape. As deputy marshals
are permitted' the use of sleeping C3rs
by the regulations of the Department
of Justice, I see no "reason why they
should be relegated to second class ac
commodations on tourist cars."
At 10 o'clock yesterday morning a
dapper young man called at her
house and told her that Captain Dunn
of the transport dock wanted to see
her, as he had a package addressed to
her which had come from Manila on
the steamship Logan. He told her that
there were certain papers that would
require her signature, and as the Lo
gan was likely to sail at once sh«
must go down to the dock Imme
diately.
i* Mrs. Klein told the supposed mes
senger that she did not know of any
body in Manila who could have sent
her a package, but the dapper young
man was so full of assurances that the
package was intended for her that she
decided to go to the dock. On arrival
there Captain Dunn Informed her that
not only had he not sent for her, but
that there was nothing on the vessel
for her. "While this was in a measure
a surprise for her, it was nothing to
the surprise that greeted her when
she returned home.
Everything in the house was in con
fusion. Every bureau drawer had been
opened and the contents thrown around
miscellaneously over the floor. Not one
place had escaped the attention of the
robber. Her Jewel casket, which had
contained $1000 worth of gems, had
been forced open and all the valuables
taken. Not content with this, the thief
had carried away about $200 worth of
fine wearing apparel.
A robbery ingenious in method and
complete in design took place yester
day at 270 First street.' Mrs. Helen
Klein was the sufferer, and she is now
mourning the loss of her valuable jew
elry and also a lot of wearing ap»
parel.
Drawing -TCooms in First-
Class Coaches Provided
for Eemoving Prisoners
Glib Young Stranger Lures
Mrs. Helen Klein From Her
Home and Then Loots It
Humble Origin of Xorris. &
. Rowe's Show, Which
Will Soon Exhibit Here
CIRCUS BEGINS
WITH ONE DOG
MARSHALS MAY
USE PULLMANS
iadobe house with a stretch of blistered
sand before It, but it tells th'e whole
story. Other paintings of California,
and full of California life and color are
by G. Cadenasso, whose "San Bruno
Marshes", is a .distinct success; H. J.
Breuer, with his vivid Santa Barbara
scenes; G. F. P*. Piazzoni, master of a
striking, decorative style, seen at its
best iri his "Evening" and "La Jola's
Bay"; . Granville Redmond, whose
"Evening," as well as his marine pieces,
merits. admiring comment from all the
Judicious; - Harry W. Seawall, whose
unique "Cottage on the Hill" is one of
the finest moonlight studies in the exhi
bition; L. P. Latimer, the water color
ist, who has one effective piece in oil, a
woodland scene, excellently well done;
Willis E. Davis, who besides being a
capitalist and president of the Art As
sociation knows how to paint and has
half a dozen clever pieces on the walls,
the best of them by far being his
"Morning— Anna Nuevo." All these and
many, more are worthy of mention.
The sculpture pieces shown in the
house gallery include Earl Cummings'
great • study from the Paris Salon of
last year, "The Two Powers of Good
and Evil"; a number of Aitkin's latest
and most faithful portraits in plaster
and stone, several exquisite portrait
medallions by Florence \ Butler and
specimens of Putnam's work in animal
life. Upstairs in the water color and
miniature gallery the visitor will find
many things worth seeing, and 1 will
linger long over fine pieces by Latimer
and his. pupil,- Miss Zabel, by Norman
St. Clalr. Oscar Kunath and many
other artists well known In these criti
cal lines of work.
THIEF'S RUSE
IS SUCCESSFUL
Dr. C- A. Klrkwood of Chicago is at i
the Palace.
. Dr. J. M. Cfsmw of New York is j
at the St. Francis. ;
Judge W. H. Dickinson of Salt Lake
is at th» Occidental.
Frank Freeman, an attorney of Wil- |
lows, is at the Lick.
I. H. Hutison. a. capitalist of Marys- j
viHe. ip at the Lick.
Rev. U. W. Remington of Philadel
"phia is at the St. Francis.
Robert Graham of the Armour Fruit
Company is at the Palace.
Dr. A. M. Beecher of Santa Bar
bara is at the Occidental.
Former Governor Henry T. Gage is
up from Los Angeles and registered
ct the Palace.
Harry Pollock, a newspaper corre-
Fr-oadent of a New York paper, is at
the St. Francis.
T. L. Park, a wealthy resident of
JCew York, and his family are regis
tered at the St. Francis.
G. M. McRoss, superintendent of
the pumping station on the Comstock j
mines. :p at the Occidental.
E. D. Konna, first vice president and |
peneral solicitor of the Santa Fe road, j
arrived from Chicago yesterday and is i
at th? Palace.
V.'. A. Clark Jr., son of United
States Senator Clark, arrived from
Jiutte. Mont., yesterday and is staying
tit the Palace.
Alexander Stewart, former Con
gressman of Wisconsin, who is largely
interested in timber lands in Califor
nia, is at the St. Francis.
W. H. Graves, a prominent attorney
cf Birmingham, Ala., whose daughter
v as married here yesterday to Daniel
Smith, City Attorney of that city, is at
the Grand.
E. Black Ryan, tax agent of the
Southern Pacific Company, and the
members of his family have reopened
their home in Menlo Park for the
coming summer.
B. X. Baker, a lawyer and capitalist
of Baltimore and a director of the In
ternational Marine Company, of which
J. Plerpont Morgan is the head, arrived
at the St. Francis yesterday.
William Goldie, one of the leading!
builders of St. Louis, who constructed
a. number of fine buildings at the Pan-
American Exposition and who is now
erecting several for the St. Louis Ex
position, arrived here yesterday with
his vwfe and is at the St. Francis.
Edward Dickinson of Kansas City,
formerly with the Union Pacific Com
pany and now third vice president and
peneral manager of the Kansas City,
Mexico and Orient Railway Company,
of which E. A. Stilwell is president,
arrived here yesterday and is at the
Palace.
Samuel Hill, president of the Seattle
Gas and Electric Company and son
in-law of President James Hill of the
Northern Pacific Company, and his
brother^ Dr. Hill of Minneapolis, are
.it the Palace. They came south as
far as Klamathon to visit their old
j-chool chum. Hervey Lindley, and
with the latter proceeded to this city
for a few days' recreation-
General Manager Julius Krutt
schnitt of the Southern Pacific Com- '
pany. who is soon to assume the du- I
ties of transportation director of the !
Harriman lines, returned to this city
yesterday from Salt Lake, where he
was in conference with several offi
cials of the Southern and Union Pa
cific and his successor here, W. H.
Markham. general manager of the
Southern Pacific lines in Texas. Mr.
Kruttschnitt stated yesterday that he
does not yet know when he "will leave
for Chicago.
Addison B. Colvin of Glens Fells, N.
Y.. president of the Hudson Valley
Railroad, vice president of the New
York State Street Railway Association
and of other large corporations of that
Slate, arrived from the south yesterday
with his wife and two daughters and
is at the St. Francis. Mr. Colvin was
formerly a newspaper man. He is also
prominent in Republican politics and
was for four years State Treasurer of
JCew York. He expects to remain here
a week
PERSONAL
Dr. Jordan then dwelt upon individu
ality. He stated that he heard a man
ray that he could get along without the
respect of neighbors, but not without
the respect of himself. The public spirit
of the country needs personal honesty,
and that is bound to be at the bottom
of any public spirit. The speaker spoke
against individuality being carried to
excess. He said that the moving power
in society was the work' of individual
men. "Christianity Is the work of an
individual man, and also this great re
public"
Dr. Jordan then spoke of the light
that had been thrown on corruption by
public spirit and individual effort. He
dwelt upon the present trend of events
to lawlessness, and declared that • law
was nothing more than a condition
upon which we agree to .live together,
and must be upheld by the man of pub
lic spirit.
H. R. Braden led the services and
Rev.- Robert E. Lee Craig, rector of
Grace Church, pronounced the benedic
tion. The lesson was taken from St.
Matthew, chapter 5, verses 13 to 16.
Frank F. Bostwick, cashier of H. S.
Crocker & Co., although of another de
nomination, has kindly furnished the
t>rgan for the services and acts as or
ganist.
Dr. Jordan upon being introduced
stated he had a little lay sermon to
preach on "Righteousness in Public
Spirit," and quoted from Emerson that
"the world is upheld by good men."
"Righteousness is doing right," said
Dr. Jordan, "not at some future time,
but now. Righteousness is active, mov
ing and not fastened down. It is doing
the thing that is right for us in our
lives and in our work. Wisdom is in
knowing what to do next."
The services yesterday brought out
the largest attendance of the week. Dr.
David Starr Jordan, president of Le
land Stanford Jr. University, delivered
the address, and took for his subject
"Righteous Citizenship in Public
Spirit." He made one of his character
istic talks and his address was replete
with good, wholesome advice. There
was no attempt at oratory, but rather
a heart-to-heart talk on a timely topic,
which was well received. Dr. Jordan
after the services expressed himself as
well pleased by the Interest manifested
and the personnel of the audience.
So successful have been the noonday
Lenten services in the rooms of the San
Francisco Chamber of Commerce under
the auspices of the Brotherhood of St.
Andrew of the Episcopal church during
passion week that there is a desire on
the part of many of the leading busi
ness men to have the services made a
permanent institution of the commer
cial district. It is cited as an example
that noon services are held in Trinity
Church, New York, in the center of the
business section, every' working day in
the year, and there is always a large
attendance. If sufficient encouragement
is given the movement in this city it is
designed to have fifteen minutes of de
votional exercise every' day at the noon
hour.
Dr. David Starr Jordan
Speaks on Public
Spirit.
DR. DAVID STARR JORDAN,
TRESIDENT OF THE LKI,AXD
STANFORD JR. UNIVERSITY.
President Ar.gell of the State Uni
vtrslty of Michigan was tendered a re
rxptioa at the University Club last
ereclns by the . Michigan University
Alumni -of San Francisco. The aged
president, tvho Is making a tour ot the
Pacific Coast, was deeply touched by
the fact that he was Btill remembered
by those vrho had studied under him
to many years before. He was called
upon to address the assembly and said:
What. I bare t»e«i here to-r.:ght has <le«ply
Impressed BPOB me th» fact that a great
university extends far beyond the wa!ls of
lu bui'.disss. and I &«cure you that zay heart
U full cf sralitu<Je &g I see jou all sathered
fc^r* to ST*»t me and to tell me that you still
remember your old college chum.
I have •watched the growth of college! and
£ta*« universities ts year by year they have
irom larger and become more numerou*.
until at the present day there 1* hardly a
£tsie In the L'nlcn but has Its State college,
mfcpre hundreds and thouwinds of youn& men
and ficmen are being- prepared to enter upon
tfc» rcapcealfaUUlea cf life.
When I Cm t^ceme rres'^ert of <he Uni
versity of Vermont there were but thirty «u
«prrs. That «u !n the early *«•«. To-day
there are many hundred?. In those days pro
fe«&cr* were appointed directly upon their
jTrtdUBtlcn. Now the trwt »-du»-at»^J and ex
perienced men are arp^inted to those offices.
In 1*7" 1 T-as rnEfle prcsldettt of the Uni
versity e| Michigan, and hav* b*^n lh<re ever
sin^e. I «fsure you. gpntlemen. that I am not
thir.kir.e of leavlr.r -it. fvon cow.
Athletics In unversities. I think, are resnen
«!bi«" f <- r bringing the fnif-ntp r-f different col
l«Te* toc^ther. not or.ly iti the sense of com
petition, but of fellowship and gentlemanly
SfporTmaTw^hir. arid I be!!eve In them.
A? th^ ag:e3 f=p«»aker brought back
to mind the college days of those who
had not seen him since their youth the
Even? wes a touching one and the feel
ins of devotion that still prevailed be
tveen professor and student was
evinced by the hearty preetinsrs that
were exchanged at the conclusion of
fais rerr.ar':?.
What added to th*> pathos of the eit
tiatiTi was the sad death of Professor
AsstiFa wife a f>w weeks ago. and as
h" ppoke it was evident that hia
thoughts were of her.
President Anpell will leave shortly
' for Pa!>) Alto, where he v.-ill visit Star.
.ford University. He will later go to
Los Anprele? and San Di»s:o.
Ariirnsr tho«<=> present last night ¦were
President Benjamin Ide \VheeJ«>r of the
University of California. Samuel J. Hill.
Pr<->fc-ppor C. M. Gayiey. Mayor Olney
of Oakland, Horace Davis. W. \V.
. Campbell, Professor Bernard Mosf s.
Judee Church. Judpe I^ib. Dr. Hunt
ir.fnon. "W. A. B^asley. Stuart M. KoJin.
John A. 'Percy, E. M. .Adam and Charles
Eush.
Two haunting scenes of Monterey
represent, each In its way and each
worthily, the art of Charles Rollo
Peters and Charles J. DIckman. Peters
is even better in "Evening on the
Seine" and in his venturesome but suc
cessful "Approaching Evening." Will
Sparks shows mastery of a distinct and
valuable style in several small bits of
canvas that one would like to own.
Especially is this true of "A Relic of
Spanish California." It is just an old
Keith is represented by-two forest
and mountain pieces, "Strawberry
Creek" and "A Glacial Meadow," which
hold places of honor well deserve'd.
John M. Gamble's "Wild Heliotrope" *
a striking study of the San Emedio
hills. C. C. Judson's "San Leandro
Marshes" compels admiration for its
truth and spirit. Benjamin C. Brown,
the Pasadena impressionist, is seen for
the first time at the institute, where a
number of his brilliant dashes of color,
among them "Poppy Fields in Pasa
dena," "Gathering Shadows" and "San
Gabriel Valley" attract gratified at
tention. Another Southern California
artist is present in great number and
strength. This is Elmer Wachtel of
Los Angeles, more than a dozen of
whose distinctive pictures were wisely
accepted and hung. They show Wach
tel as one of the best living interpreters
of California scenery in all its startling
glory.
In preparation for the fine collection of
oil paintings the Searles gallery has been
greatly improved . under the direction of
President Willis E. Davis and Captain
R. H. Fletcher, the director, who per
sonally superintended the alterations.
The walls have been wholly retinted
and the lower portion covered with a
dull, reddish brown burlap that forms'
a capital background to the pictures,
while the former barnlike expanse of
surface is now broken at convenient
intervals by pilasters in olive green.
Overhead a broad canopy has been
spread under the skylight, cutting off
the reflection from the floor that made
a daytime view at former exhibitions a
rather unsatisfactory entertainment.
This year's catalogue is also worth a
word of praise. The cover design is
the result of a competition among the
students of the School of Design, in
which the first prize went to Miss
Bertha Boye.
The jury on the acceptance and hang
ing of the works exhibited was com
posed of G. F. P. Piazzoni. Mrs. A. B.
Chittenden. Miss Anna F. Brlggs,
Joseph Greenbaum and L. P. Latimer.
Members of the association will be
interested in the annual lottery dis
tribution of oils, water colors and
sketches. In accordance with the now
well established custom more than a
score of these, the contributions of
the artists of the association, will be
allotted at the close of the exhibition,
but members who wish to participate
must. leave their names with Assistant
Secretary Martin before April '21.
This year's exhibition is especially
strong in California landscapes. These,
both in number and merit, quite over
shadow the work of the figure painters,
although the collection presents several
capital portraits and genre pieces. Es
pecially noteworthy among the latter
are Mrs. Ackerman's "Bess," a delight
ful study of child life, quiet and full of
character, and the hardly less admira
ble "Theresa," by the same artist; Jo
seph Greenbaum's characteristic min
iature, "Brittany Woman," and his
"Gray Day in Holland"; Matteo San
dona's "Portrait of Children," a truth
ful, unpretentious presentation that is
not easily forgotten; Margaret Her
rick's conscientious and spirited "Mar
ket Day," -find Mrs. Matthews' strong
figure piece, "Red and White." But
the landscapes that ought to be men
tioned would fill a column.
The forty-ninth exhibition of the
San Francisco Art Association, which
opened last evening with a private
view and musical reception for mem
bers and which will remain open daily
until April 21, will be remembered as
one of the very best displays of Cali
fornia art yet seen at the Hopkins
Institute. For this admirable repre
sentation of the artists of the city and
State credit is due alike to the profes
sional members of the association ?and
to the officers and jury, who have
labored especially to make the show
a success. •
Seailes Gallery Greatly Im
proved and the Pictures
Show to Best Advantage
Declares That a University
• Extends Far Beyond the
* Enclosure of Its Walls
EECEPTIOX TO MEMBERS
IS DEEPLY
Forty-Ninth Annual Display
of San Francisco Associa
tion Opens Successfully
TOUCHED
Aged President of Their
Alma Mater Greeted by
Loyal College Graduates
FINE CREATIONS
AT ART EXHIBIT
MICHIGAN MEN
HONOR ANGELL
THE SAN FRANCISCO .CALL, FRIDAY. MARCH 25, 1904.
NOONDAY
SERVICES
NEAR END
* SAN DIEGO, March 24.— The schooner Ot
tilMe Fjord. Captain ' Ralsh, bound from San
Francisco -Topolambo with coal. ,put Into
port : this afternoon for repairs. ;• She was in
the recent storm and lost her - deckload and
blew out a scar. ' ¦ .
.Among many bargains offered at
Pattoslerr Company's, corner Sixteenth
and Mission streets." there arc about 400
odd Beds at a bargain. 512 maple wood
beds. -$5.50. . A lot of $11 mahogany
beds.'SST.SO. Also some $11 oak beds. $4.50.
A'nice line of corner $5 chairs, $1.05. •
5
ABVEBTISEMENTa :V
a mother should be a source of joy to all, but the suffering and
danger incident to the ordeal makes'its anticipation one of misery.
Mother** Friend is the only remedy which relieves women of the great
pain and danger of maternity ; this hour which is dreaded as woman'*
severest trial is not only made painless, but all the danger is avoided
by its use. Those who use this remedy are no longer despondent or
gloomy; nervousness, nausea and. other distressing conditions are
overcome, the system is made ready for the coming event, and tha
tenons accidents so common to the critical
hour are obviated by the use of Mother's i0Afi|%An\9A
Friend. "It is worth its weight in gold," |W!!|H|!tg J&)
says many who have used.it. fi.oo per liBVfififlvi %J>
bottle at drug stores. Book • containing _
valuable information of interest to all women, will Eg^HX^ffbii^
be sent to any addrew free upon application to M B BB~|ja«K
ERADF1ELD REGULATOR CO* Atlanta, Om. M U 1VI |V
THE EMPORIUM |* THE EMPORIUM \ \ THE EMPOKIUKL . | THE EMPORIUM
Children's Stockings: nr — -7—^^^; — -~~^^ Wash Stocks 25c i
The 25c Kind f 4c \ See other specials not adver- i a Two Days' Sale :?
Boys' and Girjs' Cotton Hose; both wide Y tised, Z71 JlfdiTb .Aisle, to-day. V 4000 combination Wash Stocks^with tabs, Bui- \
and narrow ribs; the wide ' ribbed hose *; —^-^^^->^->---v^^_--x^j--w--^-w^ >-->^->i garian and Persian embroidery^patterns, worked J
extra heavy, double knee, heel and sole; ¦fcy'^ flf on linen and silk, in white and blue, white and \
the narrow ribbed ones very fine quality, yV^^> S/^ f JL * * red, white and pink, til white and other com- \
silk finished Maco cotton; both styles the l^j^J^^§^^J /^f^£^£^J[.ff^r binations; a superior quality of the neck d:cc=s \
USUal 25C quality; all sizes from 5 tO 9)4; * * **^\-SMa9 l f*S\/%Sw / V&MMl k so muc h i n demand now; on special sa:e Friday X
Friday and Saturday only, pair- %/tf% CAL ' F0S^2^° E^ || ||^«a«>^ >^' " (and Saturday also while quantity ** g» %
. .'¦.¦¦ . .-. . .... .... B*rC -mqa@$&iS***' m America's grandest stohs a$:$), each &%$& *
Women's and Children's Stylish Men's and Boys' Clothing I
New Hats at Reasonable Prices • Best Values in Town %
"' f*$%P\ Absolutely correct styles at as low Don't pay custom tailors twice the jg\ .j
.^~^.^^^^. prices as such good hats can be bought prices for clothes, of no better material, -*
<^^^^^^K&^$J O^\ for an - vwhe^ e in the United States, no better make, and not half the style .O*j 5
The assortment of styles the largest of the Emporium ready - to - wear. *
Mw/^ flB Wom:n ' s Rcady-lo-Wear Hats— A special line; p or SJO.OO— Men's high-class spring suits, /> Jfi f ' $
1 1 Jr -2? Mfc hand-made; each ..... ¦ - $2.85 , of all-wool cheviots, swell Scotch tweeds and yO\M f ;*
JimR*v_ ' r^jM/~ Lar 2 e Hats lor Misses — Of plain braid, faced fancy cassimeres, in the new gray check ef- )^t \ l\ •*
'MuSw^SfKA witl1 tlie new .Scotch plaid braid, trimmed fects, fancv overplaids and stripes. \ll f l-\ J
• Yffl^tiinfi^ with braid rosette and shaded quill $2.85 For $tO.OO-b\en's Top Goats, made in the Tf 1 * 1 \ J
<<// ' |&$ \%W\ Chil d's Hat as Pictured — New Tuscan braid. newest, up-to-date styles, of all-wool coverts, C-^. _J\ Wj -J
trimmed with bows of ribbon and dainty^ blossoms; pretty enough in Oxford gray and tan; perfectly tailored and ' |//| H f j«
for best hat, only. . . . ... . . • % &2.5O faultless-fitting garments. A very sptcial value. \ [iVu / j»
Large French &ilor4Rolled off the face, made of braid and faced For$2.BO-h\en's trousers, of all-wool chev- j 7U f g
with white and trimmed with braid and quills" • . #. $2.85 lots and cassimeres in striped effect; every j 1 g
Tor P <do.<h. pe Walking rLt,-of .t .», Boys' Strav, Sailors - Th a « w P air 2 Ua ™i ite edpe rfec t fit ting. ./ T j
t.i.nmrdwi-httra* ana quill., _ shines -nd sr us (j^th smooth and rough rOi* &M.OU tO 9** — Men S Wash VeStS, In the f I .%
in ail the p >pular shadrs . . $2.85 trad) are ' ¦ rery I«te« ces : gni; in white piqae, white ducks, colored daclci, II! *
¦ j. » c a i- u r\ u , >> • r nnA- ipin- «eSs I ~- T 52£.& ' n strircj and figures and white and faacv colored mercerized silkt. J J &
Ladits Mylish D-c»s Ha's — Mi cot fine. n0A !tlll i tf^. ,jmmaMBBS^-^^ , . « » J/\ *
Tu can braid, trimm-d w th but forget- P !a ' n wh ; te Extra ValUCS TOr UOyS jj \ «
m r -not? and hrge satin rib- fk _ -*-*¦ zri whi:<f Boys' Russian Blouse Suits— Made of dependable 0% *• — 21 . "W^. V
bon b>««, extra vau: at. . &5.UU with b!ue edgrd b:un, and Hack and wh.te fancy mixtures; siiei a>4 to 6 yean &4G.%3O IQ." '^^ %
p IHpi q 1s00 S oc, 7so, s,, s,.*s, suso «g ;- ~ '3. 3 5 5 9 giSfffS r^rtsToo 5
Swell French Hats -And ordinal- designs by Wash Sailor Caps -In white, Un and blue; - , w . .. Cui^—In good Scotch Boys' Eton Sailor Suits— Blue lerge f
The Emx>rium'! skiJed nvlliners; no two extra good value at . . " BOC ""J* . ° _ j f an _- m 5 T tnrM« rim f«* « »~ *. «
alike; <v.-rv one cf them a " c ction"; R .,/.,,•«? t k iT' ¦ mixtures; sik» for 8 to 14 years . «<* *™<7 muturc., nzss forj to 9 X
hats that e; cu ,:ve mi iiner. wou'd chargi Boy, Kh,k. H*t»-To match the .u.t, . . . $2.95 7"" $6.5 O $
at lean f 35.00 for, hrre O#B " 5O Boy*' Sailor Suit* — Of excellent blue serges; Boys' Beach Reefers — la tan covem mnd {J
lor >3» mm5.%M%M Norfolk Go'.f Capi— Fancy mixtures . 4oO s?zes for 3 to 9 rears. . .... . $3*50 English serges;- sixes 3 to 10 ystrt. $S»8O %
Charming Dresses and Waists Sale Men's Hosiery i
at Particularly Attractive Prices Values in Other Furnishings \
Goad styles, good materials, good workmanship and absolutely perfect fit We bought at a price 500 dozen (6000) paira of Men's Half Hose, in the J
at pricrs from lo to 20 per cent be ow the average for equal qualities, are the vcry newe , t , most up-to-date fancies, embroidered lace effect and lolid color- S
inducements offered in the Women's D:par:ments of The Emporium. j ngJ . hosiery that bought in the regular way mait be told at 2$c and 35c a jf
Beautiful New Eon Suiis - Of fine voile, in light gray and champagne shades; thestylish eton p a } r . at „ price which enables ui to offer them to-day and Saturday, -*
i jacket is beautitully lined with fi.k; the unl'ned rrain sk-rt, tastrJuliy trimmed with folds ot r ' i _„:-. <„_ cn~. C:_-T. « :_ # •» &
peaudeso-e; a suit tha: would be properly priced .t f45.oo, he.e for . .^^^ _- . 3 ?"" 5O ° Smgle pairs /7© <J
1 . ., Sp32.5O Shield BOWS— V^or men and bojt — Men's Underwear — Form fitting, medium $
Dressy Eton Runabout Suit- Of etamine cheviot, in either blue or brown; collar and rest of Friday and Saturday—™*** from we5 * hr » natural Meriao ; P«n*n: . $1.50 *
white broadcloth, pre:tily stitched with braid and finished with imall bran buttcn?; new wide t he remnants of the siiks that the 50c Mtn*5 Oolf Shirts— For early spring wear; this m %
cuffs trimmed in same manner; JuU sleeves, taffeta Jined, unlined box _ n/% neckwear j s manufactured frOOT, in ieasan ' i nobb y •Wrtinp, in Eig&h, French '*
pleated skirt, pr.ee . 9*tf*VV t-i.ii.ut j " n<1 German weares, well made, perfect fit- '5
New Up UngJh Co«t Suit-Of handsome matures, epaulet shoulder and _ _ _ fancy ettccts, plain blacks, blues, reds, ting, enffk deuched S1.OO %
new drsgned cuff, pipe! in b'ue cloth; a very jaunty runabout suit, p ice . . S&17.5U browns, etc., both the large and mid- Mcn > $ Spring Cravats— \ sp'endM rarietv of *
An Extensive A»sortm:nt of Silk and Wash Waists— A collection unsurpassed (we doubt gct ,hapes, at the extraordinary price, the new shapes in tour- : n-hands Tecks, purTi «
if there be one in C,l fornia to equal it), and p iced like this: ¦ +. m i 2 fOP 2SC and Englhh iquarei; eolongrav», tans, greens. *
$ i. ac value Bedford Cord lor 85C fa.oo value White Cheviots for. . .$1.75 .. . . j . -j u - ,e red and b'aeir ffr>« M
Z , „..• , e LI f%7% * i c • j t . -L Wt Men s Suspenders— Good so.id webs, fine tx\t red and b.ac* QUO '2
5i.2; vain- \\ h te bwrs for. . . SlmOO t--oo value Str.pcd Lawns for. . . St. 75 j « ; . or- . -*
«l. 5 o value White and Bl.:k Lawn* ... $*. 5 o value White Lawns for . . $2.UO ' P * * ' " * \ V ' ' ' ' ' ,? FoWn " " d Dent * G!o ' M - Th = correct strle, J
.31.25 India Suks and Crepe de Chines B « th Robes-Imported from Germaav pUm lor both street and drew wear; pair .... £
value Fancv -Votings for. .$1.50 • • • •" - I . . $2.50 to $6.00 mi f> " Cy " aihM ' S3 ' 5 ° to 97.5O $1.5U, $1.85 ,J
Greatest of Leather Goods Butter 38c Square and fJlZdayfpL™?. \
c i« „ ... ;„ ~r~~~*r.r. A\~r.',. Best Cre«miry Butter— Reg. squares.. 38O Tipo Chianti Wines— White or red; ewt» '5
Sales nOW in progress. Men S P.ncy Oranges— Washington Navels; dozen 58c, p!n:s .29c '5
. . , '¦':.- . ,,., , - _ ¦ , >> V» » . . . 2OC Bourbon Whiilly- Straight goods, good qual- '%
and Women s Card Cases, Purses, Popular wh:sWes-Paai jon eJ md oid gov- it y; abottks $1.00 J
ernment, bottle. . .• 89 O Sweet Wines— Angelica, Tokay, Madeira or '5
BagS, EtC, EtC., leSS than half. Old Sloe Gin— Oxford CJnb, bottle. . .©OO Muscate!; inst -ad of I1.50 p!. ..$1.O5 '*
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Early Spring Special
To-day Only
Comfortable rattan rocker of strong construction
and neat design. In shellac finish, which gives the
natural rattan a slightly darker tone. The regular
price is $6.00. Just the thing for the summer, home,
but always appropriate in any living . room. The
special price is positively for -to-day (Friday) only.
See the window display. .
(Formerly; the California Furniture Co.)
26 1 to 28 i; Geary Street; at' Union SquareIt is stated that the Great White
Bear never looked*. <Juite so r white . as
when he heard that. Japan insisted on
his carrying out his promises.
OAKLAND, March 24.-— The follow-
Ing_ marriage license was issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Walter Luke,
46, San Francisco, and Annie During,
30, Oakland.
Licensed to Marry.
Flagman. Is Injured.
OAKLAND,. March 24. — Michael
Grady, 55 years of age, a Southern Pa
ciflc Company flagman, was struck by
Sixteenth-street electric car No. 128 at
Sixtenth " and " 'Poplar '. streets : at '¦ 6
o'clock this evening and badly cut and
bruised. Hla Injuries, were treated at
the * Receiving Hospital. Grady had
stepped, out of the way . of ¦ one car
Ayhen he was hit by another running
in an' opposite direction. He resides
at 133S Eishteenth street
At the meeting of the Board of Edu
cation yesterday it was decided that
the property " on the southwest corner
of Elizabeth and ' Douglas . streets be
purchased for $3900. The property
will be used as a yard for the children
of the Noe Valley School.
. The. resignation of Mrs. M. R. Clyne
was accented, to take effect to-day.
School Board Bays Rjroperty.
OAKLAND, March 24. — Captain J.
H. McMenomy has filed a demand for
$960 salary as a city councilman dur
ing 1892 and 1893, the Supreme Court
having decided that he was entitled
to the seat occupied during that term
by Andrew J. Ruch. . City Auditor
Breed has referred the demand to City
Attorney McElroy for an opinion as
to the city's liability.
Makes Demand for Salary.'**
Lincoln Relief Corps No. 3. W. R.
C, celebrated last night the twentieth
anniversary of Its institution by a ban
quet to its members and a number of
Invited guests in the banquet hall of
the Pioneer building. There werj
present many of the prominent mem
bers of ,the Grand Army of the Re
public and of the Woman's Relief
Corp3. By a coincidence It was the
fortieth wedding anniversary of Col
onel C. Mason Kinne and E. d'Arcy
Kinne, both of whom have been
earnest workers for the upbuilding of
the corps. After the supper there was
speech making, as follows:
Address of welcome. Mary E. Howe, presi
dent Lincoln Corps; "Grand Army of the Ite
public," C. Mason Kinne, senior vice com
rr.ander in chief; "Woman's Relief Corpn '
Elisabeth d'Arcy Krnno. past national presi
dent; "Women ot th« War." Mary P- Stevens,
senior past corps chaplain; "Department of
California and Nevada. O. A. It.." John II
Roberts, assistant adjutant general: "Depart
ment of California and Nevada. XV. R. C."
Eliza Shepard. department president: "Lincoln
Post No. 1." W. E. Estes. commander; "Fra
ternity. Charity. Loyalty." Henry C. Dibble.
tiiilr* advocate G. A. It.
IJXCOLN RELIEF CORPS
CELEBRATES. ANNIVERSARY
. OAKLAND, March 24. — The hold
ings of the --once famous Rancho del
Diablo belonging to the estate of
Francisco Galindo, one of, the last of
the great Spanish grant holders,' are
gradually being broken up. , A. report
filed to-day by Ynez Peraltode Galin
do shows that all but 1000 acres has
been sold of the big ranch once meas
ured by leagues. . ' ¦¦•," .-
The contest over . the estate of the
late AlmerineB. Sargent has. been
compromised and to-day a stipulation
was filed dismissing the . action. De
ceased left an estate valued, at J25,
000, which she left to an aged brother.
Miss L. AverilUa niece, contested the
will on the ground that her aunt was
mentally Incompetent. . - •
Holdings of the Rancho del Diablo
• : .V._ Aro Reduced by Sales to
. . 1000 Acres. .
FAMOUS GALJXDO ESTATE
IS DffLVDHXG AWAY
JuMlce Cliarces Constable.
OAKLAND, March 24. — A warrant
has been sworn out by Justice Black
of San Leandro for the arrest of Con
stable Joseph Olympia on a charge of
neglect of duty. The Justice allege*
that the Constable allowed Guy E.
Covey to go without authority from
the court.
Each AH<ircs Cruelty*.
OAKLAND, March 24. — The hear
ing of the divorce suit of Robert Dyer
sgainst Melissa Dyer was on before
Judge Ellsworth to-day. Each party
charges the other with cruelty and
flourishing a ptatol. • They formerly
lived in South San Francisco.
Thompson is a wealthy young man
of good family, his brother being a
professor in the well known English
school of Rugby. Thompson was at
one time connected j wlth ; the San
Francisco firm of Dunham, Carrigan
& Hayden.
OAKLAND, March 24.— Ed Thomp
son, charged with insanity after a sen-
Rational entrance into the home ot Dr.
Harry Carlton of 1450 Webster street
at 3 o'clock yesterday morning, . waa
taken before Judge Ogtien to-day and
his examination waa set for 11 o'clock
to-morrow morning'.
Possessed with the idea that he
must find his fourte«n-year-old niece
"Ethel," Thompson took a ladder and
climbed into Carlton's home.
After Sensational Entrance Into Dr.
Carl ton's Home It Is Thought He.
Is Unbalanced.
OAKLAND, March 24. — The Labor
Hall Association, which was organ
ized to formulate and earn' out plans
for the erection of a labor temple in
Oakland, has elected the following
officer*: R. B. Harlan, president; D.
C Crawford, vice president: D. A,
Shannon, secretary: ChErles E. Maker,
treasurer: E. P. Willis. Charles Wa
berff, T. J. GalHn. trustees.
Association Elect* Officers.
Eadwenrd Muybrldge, a California pioneer
and former Ignited States Government surveyor
on the Pacific Coast, has presented to the
library two books of photographs of the move
ments of animals In motion. One bears the
title. "Human FUmre in Motion: an Electro-
Photographic Investigation of Consecutive
Phases of Muscular Action." The other tltte
is - "Animals in Motion; an Electro-Photo
rraphlc Investigation of Consecutive Phase*
of Animal Progressive Movements." The au
thor Is now residing in England.
BERKELEY, March 24. — The' senior class
plans to replace the Le Conte memorial tablet
In front of the Le Conte oak on commencement
day. It will be mounted upon a marble col
umn that has been given to the university
by the Raymond Granite Company. This col
umn will be placed directly Jn front of the
tree, so that It may be seen by the thousands
who pass and repaes It. The tablet originally
occupied a place In the forks of the tree, but
was taken away several months ago on the
advice of the foresters of the university, who
said that it was helolng to kill the tree by
reducing the surface exposed to the atmos
phere. It was intended to replace the tablet
on Le Cohse Memorial day, but the failure
ot the. shaft of granite to arrive prevented this.
Max Thelen. president of the Associated
Students, has fixed Friday, April 8, as the
day for making the nomination of officers of
the Associated Students for next term. The
election will be held a week later.
The senior class has elected the following
officers for class day. which will be set icr
the latter days of May: President of the day.
James H. Pond; first orator. Charles B.
Whaeler; orator of the tree, John. L. Chase;
essayist. Miss Helen M. Gompertz; poet. Miss
Isabel J. Miller; historian. Sidney E. Mezes;
prophet, Frank H. Powers; dlspensator, Eu
gene Hoefer; floor manager, Charles A. Ramni.
The geml- finals tennis matches to determine
the singles championship of the university
were held on the campus yesterday afternoon.
Robert D. Williams defeated Bert Campbell.
6-4, 6-3; Ralph Gorrlll defeated Harry Lan\
6-1, 6-4: Claude "Wayne defeated Gorrlll. 6-1,
6-2. Williams will now play Nell Baker and
the winner of the match will play Wayne for
the privilege of meeting Drummond McGarln
for the championship.
ED THOMPSON WILD BE
EXAMINED FOR INSANITY
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
ALAMEDA, March 24. — Charles R.
Gee, son of a well known family re
siding at 1532 Verdi street in this city,
was secretly married in San Rafael to
day to Miss Carrie Munz of East Oak
land, the ceremony being performed
by the Rev. A. B. Ulrich. The bride
•vvaa a former employe of Athol &
Ball's book bindery, where young Gee
was a clerk and where the young
<ouple flirt m^L The family of the
groom is much perturbed at his Fud
den marriage.
SrrrcUv Wedded in San Rafael.
"His Royal Nibs," a musical comedy" By
W' H.'. Clifford and Shaffer Howard, will be
presented at the Macdonough Theater April
29 for the benefit of the Ladles' Relief Society
and the Oakland Social Settlement.
A chorus of sixty wotces ¦ will participate,
and ¦ in the cast are . many ' clever amateurs
from San Francisco and Alanjeda. as well as
Oakland. .;*¦.; .
Miss Ida - May Bradley i and Miss Estelle
Drummond leave to-morrow morning for
Newman, where they will be the guest of
Miss Bradey'i tt'ncle. To-morrow night MIw
Bradley will give a dramatic recital In New
man, assisted by Miss Drummond, who Is a
very talented - young pianist. ' Lowell Redfleld
will also take Dart In the recital. ¦
Mrs. Frank A. Wasley has sent out cards
for an afternoon at her home on Sixteenth
street April 2. complimentary to her roung
daughter, Mies Lullta Wasley, and to. Miss
Margaret Davis, who is to be an April bride.
The 'various committees in charge of the
approaching Fabiola whist tournament ' will
hold a meeting at Maple Hall March 2S to
make final arrangements for > the- big card
event. Five hundred will also be one of the
contesting games, and the details ¦ are being
arranged by Mrs. Felton Taylor, Mrs. Charles
Lovi.-U and Mrs. James O'Neill.
Founders* day at Mills College la approach
ing and active preparations are being car
ried on by students and faculty. ' This an
nual celebration brings together many old
pupils and friends of the college and Is al
ways an epoch in the school's history, .
Mills day will be celebrated at the Sorosis
Club in San Francisco on the second Tues
day in April by the Mills Club, and eforts
are being made to make the affair atf un
usually brilliant one.
' Miss Estelle Kteeman Is planning a large
card party for the early, part of April In honor
of Mips Llta Gallatin of Ban Francisco.
Miss Kleeman will be a guest at a luncheon
which Mrs. Marion will give March 29 at her
San Francisco home. This luncheon guests
will later attend- the reception at the Califor
nia Club, Vhlch promises to be a very' bril
liant affair.,
Mrs. Roy McDonald was the motif for a
pleasant gathering at the home of Miss Bere
nice 'McDonald to-day, among those present
being Mrs. Irving Lundborg, Mrs. A, J. Mac-
Donald, Mrs. Bernard Ransome, Mrs. Beach
Carter Soule, Mrs. William Bull Prlngle. Mrs.
John Hamilton Lynch, Mrs. George SterreU
Wheaton, Miss Ella Sterrett. Mrs. Montel
Taylor, the Misses lone and Pauline Fore,
Miss Claire Chabot, Mies Gertrude Gould, the
Misses Alice and Ruth Knowles, Miss Marion
Goodfellow. Miss Chrlssle Taft. Miss May
Coogan, Miss Bessie Palmer, Miss Carolyn
Oliver, Mrs. Edward Lacey Brayton, Miss
Anita Oliver, Miss Emma Mahoney, Mm. Wil
liam Watt, -Miss Lutlc Collier of Ban Fran
cisco; Mrs. John Henry Dleckmann, Mrs.
James P. H Dunn. Mrs. Robert 8. Knight,
Miss Ethel Valentine, Miss Edith Selby and
Miss Mary Bscfe^. . ,C\. •;
Mrs. Wickham Haven gave one of her en
joyable luncheons to-day to the members of
the Piedmont Whist Club at her horn*.
"Thorndale." Red carnations and tulle were
gracefully arranged on the two tables and a
very elaborate menu was served. After the
luncheon several games of whist were en-
Joyed. Amour Mrs. Haven's guests to-day
were Mrs. Frank Rounthwaite. Mrs. Frank C.
Havens, Mrs. D. A. Proctor, Mrs. Hahn, Mrs:
Bunton and Mrs. Barraclough, besides mem
bers of the club, which Includes Mrs. Edward
Engs, Mrs. H. C. Capwell, Mrs. George Ster
lins, Mrs. Harry Maxwell, Mrs. Wing, Mrs.
Harry Thomas, Mrs. House, Mrs. Mygatt,
Mrs. Randall, Mrs. Bratnober, Mrs. Pattoa
and Mra. C D. Gllman. .
Next Tuesday evening Miss Burdge and Mr.
Miller will be the honored guests at a dinner
which the Beta, Theta PI fraternity . will glre
in Berkeley.
OAKLAND, March 24. — The luncheon given
by Miss Burdge to the members of her bridal
party to-day was an unusually pretty and de
lightful affair.
Pink and white, the dainty colors chosen
for the weddtng of Miss Burdge and Mr. Mil
ler April 4, were used in the table decorations
to-day very effectively. Covers were laid for
Miss Winifred Burdge, Miss Florence White,
Miss Marion Goodfellow, Miss Mary Barker,
Miss Carolyn Oliver, Miss May Coogan, Mis*
Marion Smith, Miss Grace Sperry, Miss Eve
lyn Ellin, Miss Florence Nightengale and the
hostess. ¦ ' . .
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
OAKLAND. March 2 4. — Superin
tendent of" Schools McClymonds has
directed all public school principals
that strict enforcement of the vaccin
ation law tvC! be demanded. His in
struction? follow:
Do not rrcrr.i- any rti'.ii to your school who
\ir.r not notr. nor who doe* not, at the time of
entering frfcool. present to yoa a certificate
rhowing *ucreM=ful vaccination. In lieu of
'••rtificalf-s of succ*-s?ful vaccination accept
th* certificate cf a physician :hst h* has uaed
dn* <Slii**nee and i* unzble to obtain enccesa
ful vaccination In the rase of this child. Ac
trj' nothing else in lieu of successful vac
cination.
Must Vaccinate.
Evelyn K. Ellis, Mfcfl Blsle Everson,
Miss Florence White, Miss Marion Goodfellow.
Dr. Sara.T. Shuey. Mrs. E. C. Williams, Mrs.
H. C. Taft. Mrs. Thomas Crellln. Mrs. F. R.
Musser. Mra. R. A. Wellman. Mrs. J. -W.
Green, Mrs. C. Boettcher. Mrs. Annie . E.
Eramo, Mrs. M. C. Burt, Miss Gertrude Allen,
Miss Ethel Moore, Mrs. E. J. Cotton, Mrs. B.
G. Smith, Miss Carde A. Goodhue, Mrs. A. L
Cunningham,' Mrs. Franklin Bangs, Mrs. Grace
Playter Johnson, Mis» Playter, Mrs. H. . E.
Jewett, Mra. Charles Cornell. Mrs. F. . M
Smith, Mra. J. K. McLean. Mrs. Charles R
Brown.' Dr. C. A. Buckle. Mrs. T. L. Barker
Mrs. Giles Gray. Mrs. E. M. Walsh, Miss
Mary Alexander. Mrs. R. H. Chamberlain,
Mrs. J. M. Breck. Miss , Marion Smith, : Miss
Mae Burdge, Miss Florence Nightengale. Mrs."
J. F. Kennlson, Miss Mabel Gray and Mrs.
Alfred Von der Ropp. ¦ --: .
Mrs. Wallace Everson. Miss Marlon Kver-
Bon, Mrs. Guy C» Earl. Mrs. E. C. Harar,
Miss C. Barnard, Mrs. J. P. Gerlick, Mrs L,.
F. Colkcoft, Miss E. R. Wellman, Mrs. John
Yule, Mrs. Harriet L. Mason, Mrs. W. J.
Gunn, Mrs. F. F. Barbour, Mrs. H. W. Meek.
Mrs. R. W. Oorrill, Mre. W. E. Meek, Mrs
C. J. Woodbury, Mrs. Harry East Miller,
Mrs. Harrison Clay. Miss Miller, Mrs. W. J.
Wllcox, Mrs. Frank -M. Wilson, Mrs. Warren
Olney, Mrs. W. H. Chickerlng, Mrs. C. B,
Bradloy. Mrs. G.: C. Edwards, Mrs. R. c.
Brooks, Mrs. Henry Wetherbee. Mrs. James
A. Johnson. Dr. Susan J. Fenton, Mrs.. Benja
min F. Weston. Mrs. Lloyd Rawllng*. Mrs.
Ada L.. White, Mrs. Frank B. Hoyt. Mrs.= W.
S.Goodfellow, Mrs. M. W. Backus, Miss
Caroline Van Dyke, Dr.- Alice Bush, Miss Sara
W. Horton. } . . .
_Mrs. Susan L. Mills. Mrs. Susan M. Farnum,
I>r. Mary n. Rltter. Dr. Mary Delano Fletcher,
Mrs Mary M. Addison. Mrs. Philip K. Boone,
Dr. Leander von Orden. Dr. Kate von Orden,
Mrs A. Schilling. Mrs. F. L. Merrill Mra.
C. W. Kellogg. Mrs. M. M. Goodwin. Mrs.
Sumncr Crosby. Mrs. George H. Collins, Mra.
H. E, Cooke, Miss Grace Cooke, Dr. Myra
Knox. .Dr. Pauline, S. Nusbaumer, Dr. Clare
M. Holmes. Miss Caroline Hawley, Miss Jean
Hawley. Mrs. S. T. Alexander Dft-^Dorcas L.
L. Ballard. Mrs. 8. B. Cheep. Mrs. A. A.
Moore. Mrs. David Gage. Miss Mary McClus,
Mrs. George T. Hawley, Mrs. D. K. Rae Miss
Jeannie Gregory, Mrs.- Q. A. Chase, Mrs. Val
entine G. Hush, s Mrs. George B M . Gray
Mrs. Dana H. Mathls, Mrs. J. M. Gllman Mrs.
CD. Oilman. Mrs. J. H. Pond. Mrs. E. A.
Heron. Mra. W. F. Kelley. Mrs. F. C. Havens
Mrs. Wickham Havens, . Mrs. Harmon Bell
Mrs. J. R. Burnham. Miss Burnham, Mrs. t'
C. Coogan, Miss May Coogan. Mrs. C. B. Par
cells. Mrs. Frank Parcells.
The officers of the Home Club are:
Honorary president. Mrs. F. M. Smith;
president. Miss Ethel" 'Moore; first vice
president, Mrs. Henry Wetherbee; sec
ond vice president, Mrs. Franklin
Bangs; third vice president, Mrs. John
Yule; recording secretary, Mrs. T. C.
Coogan; corresponding secretary, Mrs.
Emma Wellman; treasurer, Mrs.
Quincy A. Chase. Membership cofflP
mittee— Chairman, Mrs. J. A. John
son; secretary, Miss Grace Sperry.
Programme committee — Chairman,
Miss Van Dyke; Miss Nightingale,
Miss Coogan and Miss Collins. House
committee— Chairman, Mrs. L. Cun
ningham; Mrs. John Yule and Mrs.
T. L. Barker. Printing committee-
Chairman, Mrs. Erauw; Mrs. Coogan
and Mrs. Chase. Transportation com
mittee—Mrs. W. F. Kelley, Miss El
lis. Art committee— Mrs. F. C. Hav
ens.
. The membership list is very large
and includes \he following, named:
out have been chosen with excellent
taste, a rich shade of green prevailing
in the carpets and hangings, while the
woodwork is .finished in <:ream-white
e_nam<?l. In the smoking-room alone
a cheerful red Is the color scheme. A
small and conveniently arranged stage
is at one end of the auditorium, where
about 500 people may be seated. The
boxes overlook the rear of the hall,
and are richly finished with rich green
velvet hangings. The large number of
fine paintings which adorn the walls
of the various rooms is one of the
many pleasing features in connection
with the installation of the new club.
The club will meet regularly on the
first Thursday evening of each month
and the third Thursday mornings.
Various forms of entertainment, such
as lectures, musicales and dramatic
recitals, will engage the attention of
the members frequently, and the audi
torium will b e rented out for all such
affairs.
HeTe eminent men will speak on theme*,
connected with the home, and here music will
come with all its elevating harmonies. There
will be.' a library In which can be read the
thourhts of authors on topic* which concern
th* home. .Every civic question will be here
discussed. And its rights will always here find
a champion, for everything which destroys the
home inflicts a vital injury on the common
wealth. The enemy of the home is worse than
•; traitor In arms, for he poisons the life
gprinss of our | national existence. Let the
American home become decenerate and this
republic, which we love, and around which
cling the cherished memories of the past and
the jeweled hopes of the future, would fall in
a stupendous ruin, for the purity of the home
Is the safety of the state..
We wish to assure Mr. and Mrs. F. M. Smith
that we are of one voice In thanking them
for this beautiful building, which, in Its pure
architectural outlines, fitly symbolizes the pur
poses to which it Is dedicated, but our best
appreciation will be shown in the bending of
every effort to bring to pass that for which
It stands. " - • •
Now, therefore, by virtue of the power in us
vested bv the board of trustees of the Mary
R: Smith Trusts, we dedicate this building to
the uplifting and glorifying of the home. May
God cause Its j work to- endure from generation
to generation, and may thousands of homes
hereafter arise and point to it as the source
ot their happiness and inspiration. . .
The Home Club has a membership
of about 300 and includes both men and
women. The purpose of the club is to
idealize home life and to create a
healthful" and cheerful . social atmos
phere. On the club's roster are the
names of many of the most prominent
men and women in Oakland., : •
. The new building, which was form
ally given over to the service of the
Home Club to-night, -is Situated on the
very apex of Cottage Hill, which slopes
back from Fourth avenue, in East Oak
land. The clubhouse is reached by ; a
stairway' of hewn rock, winding
through the vivid green of the grass
growif'hnL ;From Its .windows, the 'view
is magnificent.^ It is ; aV three-story
building, in the • basement being, the
housekeeper's private . suite of ? rooms.
On the first floor 'are ,' the, receptidn
rooms, library, smoking-room and au
ditorium. On the third floor is the
banquet : hall. :
EXCELLENT TASTE SHOWN.
The furnishings and fittings through-
OAKLAND, March 24.— The new
bullding of the Home Club was dedi
cated this evening with elaborate exer
cises in tha presence of a fashionable
audience. The building, which was
completed largely through the efforts
of Mrs. F. M. Smith, was ablaze with
light and many notable people were
present.
j Rev. R. C 'Brooks opened the exer
cises with an invocation. There was a
song by the Orpheus Club and then
Rev. C. R. Brown addressed the audi
ence for a few moments. Mrs. Fred
erick S. Stratton sang, accompanied by
Mies Pauline Collins. There was an
other song by the Orpheus Club and
Mrs. Stratton sang "My Love's An Ar
butus." Harmon Bell delivered the
dedicatory address, in which he said:
We do not meet to-niifht to dedicate this
clvb building in commemoration of some paat
tvent, however, memorable or heroic, but the
purporcs to which It Is dedicated point to tha
luture and cluster around U>e home. At the
mere mention of the word "home" how the
memories thicken about us ot the old home. Its
Jo.vk and iWrasant aurprises, its partings and
reunions, its wealth ot love and itc uplifting
Ideals.
We forfcet, amid the cla»h, the clamor and
the tumult ot life, that the material things for
which we strive are but for the moment, and
passing away leave not even an echo to tell of
their departure unless they are dedicated to a
purpose In which dwells the spirit of Immor
tality. Only that which lives forever Is really
worth our while. All the rest is but a bub
ble, the plaything of a child. !
This building la dedicated to such an ever
living purpose, for from Its walls shall .go
forth every thought, desire and aid which can
add happiness, comfort and Joy to the home,
and these influences, parsing from one home
to another, will continue, on, we trust, for
ever.
In the cottages are fifty little girls, who in
tim* will become the builders of fifty homes.
Hero they will be taught how to develop the
highest type of womanhood, and also that
marriage should not be the result of a mere
fancy, but of careful character analysis', as
well ps love, and that happiness does not re
sult from the promise of one to obey the' other,
but from the obedience of both to those high
est Ideals which go to make the perfect home.
HOME PURITY IS SAFETY.
Lester Birch, 16 years old, a United
States postofflce messenger, was struck
this evening shortly before 9 o'clock by
an east-bound Seventh street local
train at Willow and Seventh streets
and both his legs were cut off below the
knees. The boy was crossing the track
on his bicycle and did not see the train
approaching in time to save himself.
The engine struck him and several cars
passed over his legs before the train
was stopped.
C. S. Griffith carried tlie mangled
boy to a nearby drug store, whence he
was removed to the Receiving Hos
pital. The surgeons amputated the
crushed limbs, but said there was little
chance for the injured boy's recovery,
so serious was the shock and the hem
orrhage.
Young Birch had gone to West Oak
land with special delivery letters. . His
first thought through all of the shock
and suffering was for the mail that had
been given in. his care. "Whatever you
do to me." said the plucky young mes
senger, "look out for those letters. They
must be taken in charge by somebody
from the postofflce." ,-- •
Birch's home is at 428% Eleventh
street, where he resides ,wlth his moth
er. Peculiarly pathetic was the occur
rence, the boy's mother being seriously
ill and in ¦ straitened circumstances.
His earnings went to support her.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
£ 1118 Broadway, March 24.
NEW OUARTEBa OF TIUZ HOME CLUB OF OAKLAND DFVDirATED LAST
,. N1OIIT. AMD SOJIK OF THK PROMINENT MEMBERS OF THE ORGANIZA
TION WHICH WAS FORMED FOR PHILANTHROPIC PURPOSES.
Lester Birch, Boy Postoffice
v Messenger, Knocked Down
by Train and Legs Crushed
MAIN CONCERN
IS FOR LETTERS
l>r. II. Hozsas Chr.r^rd WItXi IJbel,
QrrttBea to II! Health of Ills Ac
ecscr'fl Mai!**-tay.
"OAKLAND. March 24.— Dr. II. Roz-
Bap, an aged G r< rmnn physician, v.'ho
wa? summoned for trial in the Police
Court to-day on a charge of libel pre
ferred by William von. Knapp. has the
spirit of humor w^ll developed. That
the trial d!d not proceed was due to
the absence of Mrs. George Kirchner,
on* of Knspp's eblef wtfnesse*. Mrs.
Kirrhner's absence was eaused by i!l
new and th» required certificate of her
ill health was signed by Dr. Rnzsas, as
the attending" physician. ;
After PoHre Judge Smith had read
th» document, he Judicially cast a
Rlancf at the defendant doctor, who
«*.id not turn a hair. Cl*rk WTIliam
Jennings B. Hcnn«ss^y smiled dis
tressingly 3s he r^ad the court's order
continuing the c.-ipe until to-morrow.
KEEPS AX OPPOSING
wrr.VKss from conrr
The address was given at the Invita
tion of Miss Mamie M. Campbell, prin
cipal'of the school. ,
Through the list. went C.aptain Peter
sen. detailing numerous ordinances
along these lines and concluding with a
catechising of the thoroughly interest
ed little people, whose -answers indi
cated they had appreciated the purpose
of the talk to them.
.Then the speaker followe.d with an in
teresting explanation of the real place
a policeman should occupy in the work
of safeguarding the community. He
said: .
The policeman Is paid to care for and to
protect the children of the city. He ts paid
to advise and watch them and to urtiard th»*m
&esir>t injury. To do that he must enforce
the wlw law* that are male to that fnd. r3o
it is that -the law dec'area children under cer
tain aew! murt not roam the ntreets late at
night. Th«r curfew law. It If called, and it is
intended to protrct children egalnst. many
dangers. TlM-re is a Inw which prohibits chil
dren from jumping on x>r off moving trains.
It la Intended to protect life and limb. Po
licemen enforce that law aV a' protection * to
children. .
Two hundred pupils ! of the Grove
street public school composed an audi
ence this afternoon which heard a
unique address by Captain of Police W.
J. Petersen on the relations of the po
liceman to the ubiquitous pmall boy,
his pranks, his play and his daily round
of life. It was the beginning of an ef
fort on the part of the police officer to
bring before the youth of the schools
in a plain, simple way the reasons why
certain laws are enforced that seem
obnoxious to the boy.
"How many children are afraid of a
policeman?" queried Captain Petersen
at the outset. The response was an al
most unanimous raising of hands.
Oakland Office San Francisco .Call.
1118 Broadway, March 24.
, ' *w
EXPLAINS LAW
TO CHILDREN
Captain of Police Petersen
Talks to iV a. Large Aud
ience at Public School
It developed to-day that there was
seme shooting yesterday morning In
Co-ed Canyon, to which a lot of fresh
men and a night watchman were the
parties.- The watchman's name 1*
James Smith. He came upon the stu
dents in the canyon and ordered them
to move on. They did move on, but
had not gone far when one of them
fired two shots. Smith fired a shot to
attract the attention of Professor Cory
and his posse, but : by the time they
arrived the belligerents had fled far
away.
Just what charge the committee can
bring against the students is somethings
of a mystery. None of those captured
were on Charter Hill and none were
engaged in a rush: so it remains for
the committee to charge that they vio
lated the spirit of the committee**
manifesto that there must be no at
tempt at rushing. The committee takes
the ground that the .students would
have rushed if they could. It was the
ounce of prevention, administered by
the committee, that prevented.
"The affair -will be fully investigated
by the committee," said Professor Cory
to-day. "Every man caught will be
given a full hearing: by us. He will
have a chance to fully explain hia ac
tions on Wednesday morning. This
meeting will be held in a day or so,
probably to-morrow."
All the talk on the campus at the
University of * California to-day con
cerned the fate of the eight students
caught roaming the streets - and hilla
on Charter day eve by Professor C. L.
Cc'i-y and his posse "of imported sleuths
from Oakland. To be or not to be,
that was the question. Will they "get
flied" or will they stay? 1 " Will the "fire
department," which is the other name
for the students' affairs committee,
turn' the hose of disgrace upon the un
lucky eight or will it overlook theic.
offense?
'But even Professor Cory wouldn't
answer any of these questions. And to
be sure he is the only one who knows.
The Oakland police do not presume to
be familiar with such affairs or on the
inside at all. Professor Cory even
withheld the names of the eight. The
only one that anybody really knows Is
that of .the fellow caught on Charter
Hill. - It is Joseph ijamson, a post
graduate.
It was understood that the eight had
been summarily dismiKsed immediately
after their arrest, but it transpired to
day that this is not so. They are all
to be given a trial before the students'
affairs! committee. "On the outcome of
that trial depends whether they stay
or not.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call
2148 Center street, March 24.
The First Unitarian Church closed
the fiscal year ending March 3 free
from debt and with a balance in the
treasury. At the annual meeting last
night the members of the Unitarian
Society were heartily congratulated by
Colonel John P. Irish, who presided at
the meeting, on the progress made dur
ing the last twelve months. The report
of Treasurer George Evans showed
that the receipts for the year were
513.432 33: the diabureements. $11. .8« 2o;
cash on hand, $1652 08. Deducting the
amount laid aside for the payment or
taxes, in case the Board of Supervisors
refuses to annul the bill of sale to the
State for taxes unpaid, leaves a cash
balance of $772 08.
The Rev. George W. Stone, field sec
retary of the American Unitarian Asso
ciation, who, since the resignation of
the Rev. Benjamin Fay Mills, has act
ed as pastor of the church, delivered an
address complimenting the society
upon the fact that the church is now
free from debt, and advising that the
trustees be given added power in the
management of the church finances.
Short addresses were made by William
Gorrlll, Miss Addie Gorrill, Mrs. F. M.
Tilson, Emil Fritsch, S. B. C. King and
Mrs. J. F. Willard. The following trus
tees were elected to serve during the
ensuing year: Colonel John P. Irish.
Francis Cutting, Hugh Hamilton, John
A. Bliss, F. M. Tillson, Mrs. A. W. Ter
rill, Mrs. C. M. Redington, Mrs. Fred
K. Barnes, John W. Stetson, Lucius A.
Booth and A. H. Elliott.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1113 Broadway. March 24.
Freshmen and Special Offi
cer Exchange Pistol Shots
in Early Morning Hours
Eev. George W. Stone Pays
Compliments to the Eetir
ing Board of Trustees
X. B- and Annie Phillips (wife) to Joseph
Freltas. lot on TV line of Hellen rfor Horton>
street, 25 SW A <or Thirty-second), S 23 bv
W 100, coition of lot 8. block N. lands of.
Peralta Homestead Association; $lo.
Oakland Bank of Savings to Th* Realty
Syndicate. Hi acres, being lot 49. nfip Rock
ridre. Oakland: $10.
J. O. and Bertha Harris to William Ham
mond Jr.. lot on S line of Railroad avenue Id
TV of Prospect street. W l«O.by a 2B5. portion
of AugMnbaugh 223-acr? Tract. Alameda; $10.
Heron-Holcotnb Company (corporation) to
The Realty Syndicate, rerecord 927 D. 232.
blocks B. C. D, E. H. I, J. K. Q. Alpine
Tract. Oakland; also lot on SW corner of Sut
tcr and Grove streets. TV to E line of Genoe
S I.V.. E 533.84. N 133 to beginning, being v,
block T, same map. Oakland: $1O.
Christine Sverdrup »Hoff> to I. V. Sverdrnp,
rerecord SSI D. 132. lota 67. OS and 104. blocs
— . Drexler Tract. Oakland: gift.
Antonio and Jane Cavagnaro to George A.
Lewis, lot on W line of Claremont avenue. 200
8 of Slitter street. 8 5O, TV 131. *4. N 33.76. R
160.27. lot 04. block D, map Vicente Peralta
Keservatlon Tract. TemescaJ. Oakland: $10.
George A. and Fortuna Lewis (wife) to
George E. Pratt, same. Oakland: $10.
Blanche I. Sherman (widow) to Louis.!
Frtcke. lot on S iin« of Eleventh street, low
TV of Clay. W 31 by 8 100. lot 13 and portion
of lot 12. block 146, Kellersberger's map. Oak
land; $10.
Joseph B. Dabney to Louise E. Dabney
(wife), 10 acres beginning at SE corner of
land formerly of one Aehby. being NE corner
of land hereby described, thence SW 19. lo
chains bv SK 5.23 chains, portion of 4fn acre
tract of Vicente Peralta Reservation. Kellen
berrer's map of "V. and D. Peralta Ranch. m.
Oakland: gift.
Charles and Ida EScstrom (wife) to Augusta
Mellin. lot on W line of Kin* stret, 145:0 X
of Fairvlew. X 4O by W 120. being X 4O feet
of lots 10 and 11. map. of lands of Regent
street Homestead Association. Berkeley; $10.
Frank and Annie T. Robertson to Sophl*
Frauneder (wife of Leopold), lot en W line of
Taylor terrace. 122 :8% X of Twenty-third
street. X 25 by W loo. portions lota 3 and 4.
map C. L. Taylor property, Oakland: $10.
B. O. Bess to Henrietta L. Likins (wife of
Frank), lot en N line of Alcatraa avenue.
230:3^ E of Lowell street. E 50. N 142:9. W
50, S 143, lot 6, bloclt B, map of subdivision
of S portion of Harmon Tract, Berkeley;
$20901
Burtlette Cornell (slns:le> to Willfam CTark
(single), lot on NW line of "Howe atraet. 3O
SW of Howard. SW 30 by NW 100, lot 2, block
G. Thermal Hill, formerly Howe Tract. Oak
land; $10.
Amos R. and Ella M. Dow (wife) to Howard
P. Dow. lot 53, rnao of resubdivislon of por
tion of blocks D and E. Carrison Tract. Berke
ley: $10. \
W. H. and Jennie Wellbye (wife) to Alex
Murdock lot on 9E corner" of Thirty-seventh
and Market utreets. E 37 by S 100.10. belnx
portion of plat 37. Kellersberger's map of
Rancno V and D. Peralta. Oakland: $10.
San Francisco Savings Union to A. G.
Engebretsen. lot on E line of Grove (We«t)
street. 100 N of Rn»e, N 5O by E 135. being
portion of lot 7. *lock 17. property of Berkeley
Villa Association. Berkeley: $10.
Luella McK Inlay to J. M. McKinlay. lot on
BE comer of Thirty-fourth and Dwlnell*
streets, S 40 by E 113. lot 5. amended map of
College Heights. Oakland: *1".
E. and Sophia Gurke <wtfe> to Helen. Lewis
C. and Charles R. Harmon (executrix and ex
ecutors of estate of Edward D. Harmon), lot
on W line of King street, 45: 1H M "f Wool
»er, W 120. S 1 to NT? corner of lot IS. E
120 to beginning:, being a V-shaped piece of
tend along S side and portion of lot 14. blrck
6. same map. deed made to- correct error In
deed frr.m grantees herein 10 grantor herein
of March 19. 19O4. Intended to convey only N
portion of said lot 13. quitclaim deed. Berke
ley. J10.
Helen; Lewis C. an4 Charles R. Harmon (ex
ecutrix and ex*cutoTS» of estate of Edward D.
Hsrwrn) to E. Ourke. all Interest In lot on
NW corner of Woolsey and King streets. N
45:lVi, TV 12O. S 43:3. E 12O. portion of lot
13, in block 6, north of 'Woolsey street. hn>!<
of Reeent-street Homest»ad Association, etc..
r>rkeley; %SHO.
Anna McAnney (wldow> to Puget Pound
Lumber Company (corporation), lot on 8 lln->
of Ontral avenue. 1O».M E of Grove street.
E 80.13. 8 110. W 5.i»9. S 8.31. W 44.D1. X
115.14. lot 6. block 102. map No. 1 of portion
of Sather Trust property. Alameda; $73.
Cecilia M. Sbuttelworth (single) to Emma
line H. Shuttelworth. lot 4. block 21. map
lands adjacent to Enclnal. warranty deed,
Alameda; *30(X>.
THURSDAY. MARCH 24.
Edward P. Flint (single) tu Mabel T. Bonner
(wife of J. M.). lot beginning at point on lln<»
forming NW boundary of lots 7. 8 and 9, block
D. 73 SXY from SW line of Stanley plae*. SW
88. SE 125 to SW line of Walsworth avenue,
thence NE to point distant 11O from beginning
on Una drawn therefrom parullel with SW line
of Stanley place, portion of lots 8 and 0, blocit
D, map resubdl vision of blocks C and I>. Flint
Tract. Oakland: $10.
J. A. and Emily V. Bfarshall to Mabel C.
Sharpstein. lot 8, block R, Leonard Tract,
Berkeley; $10.
Hyman and Dara Davis (wife) to Louise J.
Roeth (wife of Georjre) lot on XW corner of
Brush and Second streets. N 23 by W 85. block
101. KeUersbdrger's map; $10.
Charles E. and Delia M. Ward (wife) to
John J. and Laura White (wife), lot on N Li*ie
of AiMison street. 1RO E of California. E 3" Ly
.N 1^8, being subdivision C of Range 12. cor
rected map of Range 12. Hardy Tract. Berke
ley; $10.
John P. and EdnaF. B«ckett to Mary L.
Wheeler (stnfle). lot on S line of Thirty-sixth
street. ICO E of Market. E 5« by S 12O:3. por
ticn lots 3 to 5. block M. property Central Land
Company, formerly Brown Tract. Berkeley: $10.
Gustave and Marie Mayrisch to Adolph ilay
risch. lot on E line Df Stanton «treet. 2SO 3 or
Railroad avenue, said S line being distant SO
feet from center of said avenue and said point
of beginning be!ng distant en said line of Stan
ton street 1 foot S from point of Intersection of
raid line of street with line dividing lota 7 an>i
#, PowerB Tract, thence at right angles to salrl
line of said street K 135 to line dividing Fitch
and Sharon from Hibberd Tract, thence S t'-«
Intersection of said last line with N" line of
Santa Clara. XV along Mine to its intersection
with £ Stanton. -V and .VR to beginning. Ala
meda; $10.
-Same to same, lot on N line of Santa Clara
avenu* (Quail street) as on July 3. 1*70, 118
feet E frcm line dividing the Fitch and Kha
ron frcm the Hibberd Tract and 238 W of Paru
street, thence E 118 by N 240. being: E >» of
land conveyed to Gustave Mayrisch In SO deeda
80, A lam-da; $10.
E. A. and Martha J. Halnes (wife) to Frar.lt
H. Graham (single), lot en E line of Center
•treet. 223 X of A. N 50 by E 133. being subdi
visions r; and C of lot 3. block 795. map Xo. 2.
Watt* Tract. Oakland: $4.
Frank H. Graham (single) to Christian J.
Nissen. lot on E line of Center street. ZfSZ.n
N of A. N 12:6 by E 133, being J» half of sub
division C of lot 3, block 793, same map, Oak
land: $10.
Same to Mathias Petersen lot on E line of
Center street. 225 N of A. N 37:6 by E V-l.
subdivision B and S 'i of subdivision C of lot
S. block 701>. same map, Oakland; $10.
Stephen H. and Jennie G. Covert to William
King, lot on E line of Franklin street. 7SC:2S
N of Fourteenth. X 3O by E 15O. Oakland; $10.
Robert H. and Hannah M. Ol Jrelve to J. J.
Jessup. lot en S line of Russell street. 155.28
W mt Telf graph avenue, W 50 by 8 130. SO. lot
7. *toclc E. Suburban Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Alametla Connty
WEDNESDAY. MARCH 21
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
CAMPUS TALKS IT .OVER
kEE CONGE ATULATED
Professor ,Cory of Affairs
Committee Promises Eight
Belligerents Fair Hearing
Officers of First Unitarian
Church Present Annual
Beports to the Society
New Building of Home Club Dedicated With Elab
orate Exercises, Including an Address by the
Rev. R. C. Brooks on Scope of the Organization
•I
i
OaklsndOfP.ee San Francisco Call,
I11S Broadway, March 24.
By the v.iJ! of the late Mrs. Harriet
O*>ke, whe- to- many years was a di
rector in Lfetf I\ib.'.>!:v Hospital Associa
tion, $3000 is left to the er.«lo-.vrn«r.t of
Florence Evelyn !*?<! In ihe Dottie
Cookt anr<ex to the institution. The
document was f;!ed fur proTwtte to-day
with th» bract? Clf-rk and dispose of
property valued, approximately, at
$125,000. The estate eonslfftfl of the late
residence of ihe deceased, aa Improved
Kit «-n Orange street, lard valued at
315,000 in Shasta County and personal
property ccnsistlbj of cash, bonds.
Motk and rrcrigages to the value of
JS5.«'on.
With th? -pj.f-( -ntion of the bequest to
ihe Fabiola Association; a legacy of
$1000 to her Fi#irr. Mrs. Alary C Shep
herd of Honolulu, and j:>C> to Mrs. Jen
j;ie K. Tucket; a ni*<^. of San Francis
co, the property is divided 5hare and
xhari* j-llke among Joseph P.. William
«». erd Crarf M. <'ooke. the three chil
dren of deceased.
The wfU cf the \s\(- I'hari^s M. i3on
nernort, r.cted for having 'discovered
the farroirs Comstock lode, was filrd
for probate to-day and disposes of an
er tate valued at S2OO.C00. It consists of
real estate in A>3ir.cda County valued
.it V2 <>•«>. realty in Shasta Cnunty
valu«d'at 115.000 and cash, stock, bond?
.ind other ?pc*ur!t!es to the amount of
flTS.Otct. The property is to be divided
accoriinp trt the law* of California be
'.«-(fr. Margaret B'innemnrt, the
widow; Mrs. Marj. 13. Gi'ielan, Jennie
J.. <"ora M.. Era M.. Charles N. and
Edgar BonnemcTt. childr'-n of deceased,
and Charles Gillelan. c grandson.
Woman Gives Fabiola $3000.
Property of Conistock Dis
coverer Is Worth $200,000
HOSPITAL BEME3IBEUEI)
Wills of Late Mrs. Harriet
Cooke and diaries Bomie
niort Are Filed for Probate
LEAVE ESTATES
TO OFFSPRING
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, March 24.
The Oakland Transit Consolidated to
day r»urrhased from J. H. Macdonald
the franchises for the street railroad
connections in East Oakland known as
the Fourth avenue cut-off, which were
included nith a College avenue fran
chise in the blanket purchase for $8300
Macdonald made three weeks ago in
the City Council, outbidding the Tran
sit Company.
The terms of the purchase of the cut
off franchise wi!l not be made public.
Attorney Harmon Bell, representing the
raUro&d company, said they were satis
factory to both side? and that the
formal transfer of the franchises to his
people would take place as soon as the
ordinance awarding them to Macdonald
had been passed and signed by the
Mayor.
This settlement insuros the immpdiatp
construction of the cut-off, which will
materially benefit the large section of
the east side known as Peralta Heights.
In fact, agitation by the improvement
club of that district since Macdonald
got control of the franchises led direct
ly to the action to-day that has re
lieved the citizens of their fears that
the important railroad improvements in
their* territory might be blocked.
Work on New Cut-Off Line
to Be Pressed to Speedy
Completion by Company
PERALTA HEIGHTS WIX
Oakland Transit Consoli
dated Makes Purchase of
the Fourth Avenue Eight
GETS CONTROL
OF FRANCHISE
STUDENTS' FATE
HANGS ON TRIAL
END THE TEAR
FREE OF DEBT
CEREMONIES ATTENDED
BY PROMINENT PEOPLE
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
1HE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. FRIDAY, MARCH 25, .11)04.
6
ADVEBTIEEMENTS.
w «^ • •;¦¦ '
Salt Rheum, Ringworm, Itch,
Acne, or other skin troubles,
promptlyrelievedand cured by.
This scientific germicide, which
is harmless, cures by killing
disease germs. Used and
endorsed by the medical
• profession everywhere. Sold
by leading druggists. If not .
at yours, send;*5 cents for a
trial bottle. The genuine bears
my signature. Accept no
substitutes. Address
—-,«.- /TaJaable Booklet on th^
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND.
JUS Brqad-.ray.
Telephone Main 1083. . I
BERKELEY. ;
2148 Center Street-
Telephone North 7T. \
ALAMEDA.
1-133 Park Street.
Telephone Eagle 502.John McCaffrey, grocer, 537 Bryant
ptreet, reported to the police on Wed
nesday night that a sack containing
$50 in gold, which he had secreted In
his store, had been stolen. Detectives
Regan and O'Connell were detailed on
the case. Accompanied by McCaffrey,
they went to 110 Eddy street and ar
rested Victor. Urban, whom McCaffrey
accused of stealing the coin. Urban
was locked up in "the tanks," pending
further investigation.
McCaffrey Lioses His Coin.
Judge Seawell Takes Under Submis
sion Action of Mrs. Knox
Against John Lee.
John Lee is the defendant in a suit
for an accounting brought by Annie
Knox, widow of John A. Knox, which
was heard and taken under submis
sion by Judge Sea well yesterday. The
suit involves the sale of the Big Can
yon mine, of which at the time of his
death Knox was part owner. '
Lee, who was a stockholder in the
Big Canyon Mining and Milling Com
pany, which owned the mine, and of
whose stock Knox owned 42,975 shares,
besides holding a note of the company
for 515.718, sold the mine to Charles
D. Lane. Prior to the sale Mrs. Knox
was dissuaded from foreclosing on the
note by the statement of Lee that he
would see that she did not lose any
thing by her forbearance. He failed,
however, the widow alleges, to keep
his promise, hence the suit.
HEARS SUIT INVOLVING
TITLE TO BIG CANYON* MINE
bore the insinuation complacently and
answered that ordinarily he was not,
but in this case he said he felt entirely
justified. ,
William Rosello came tot the stand
for a moment, but was excused. He
occupied the room vacated- by Mrs.
Botkin at the Victoria Hotel in June,
1898, and is said to have found on the
floor a lump of what is, claimed to be
arsenic, which was turned over to the
police. The prosecution was not ready
to introduce proof of the character of
the substance at this time and Rosel
lo's testimony* will be recorded later.
NURSED MRS. BOTKIN.
Mrs Almirah Ruoff was the next and
last witness of the day. Her testimony
took up the remainder of the morning
session and all of the afterncun. She
first made the intimate acquaintance
of Mrs. .Botkin in 1897, when she
nursed her during a three weeks' ill
ness, although she had been intimately
acquainted with the defendant's sis
ter, Fanny, for many years. When
Mrs. Botkin was convalescent, witness
accompanied her to the home of Rev.
Mr. McClure in Oakland and remain
ed there as an inmate of the house
hold. Some days after their arrival
Mrs. Botkin told the nurse that John
P. Dunning would call that evening
and asked her to admit him to the
house without letting other members
of the family know of it. Dunning
called and was admitted and went to
Mrs. Botkin's rooiQ He called subse
quently and was admitted in the same
manner.
The next time Mrs. Ruoff saw Dun
ning and Mrs. Botkin together was at
927 Geary street. She had made ar
rangements to spend the night with
Mrs. Botkin and on going to the room
at 10 o'clock she was told by the de
fendant that she could not enter then.
She waited in the hall and eventually
was called by Mrs. Botkiri? In the
room she found Dunning and Mrs.
Botkin, who was dressed in a pink
wrapper. There was a bottle of whis
ky on the table. Once again she saw
Dunning and Mrs. Botkin together at
Golden Gate Park and once on the
street.
On July 28, 189S, Mrs. Botkin came to
witness' home in Stockton early in the
morning. Witness said that the de
fendant told her she had some dia
monds in pawn, and came to see if "the
governor," meaning Botkin, would re
deem them for her. That night Mrs.
Botkjn complained of feeling very ill,
and Dr. Stone was summoned to attend
her. She heard the conversations that
night and. the day following between
the doctor and Mrs. Botkin regarding
arsenic and strychnia, and related them
with much more minuteness of detail
than had the doctor himself. She told
what he had said to Mrs. Botkin re
garding the symptoms of arsenical poi
soning so thoroughly and readily that
Dr. Downs of Dover, with all his medi
cal knowledge, was outdone.
INQUIRED ABOUT ARSENIC.
The witness also testified that the
defendant had spoken j to her about
arsenic in relation to poisoning mice,
and asked her if she had any of the
poison. .Previously in a room at the
Victoria Hotel, then occupied by Mrs.
Botkio, the witness said that the de
fendant had asked her about" bleaching
a straw hat and whether or. not arsenic
was used for that purposed Mrs. Bot
kin also asked hoWHt- could be ob
tained, according to the witness. Dur
ing the stay at the Stockton home of
witness the defendant inquired about
sending a package through the mails
and what it cost. The witness informed
her, and • told her that g no ¦ package
weighing over four pounds could be
sent that way, whereupon the defend
ant said that the package would weigh
about a pound. Mrs. Ruoff said that
she advised Mrs. Botkin to have the
package registered, and that the latter
then Inquired if she would have to. sign
her name in order to register the pack
age. Defendant told : her, according to
the witness, that she wanted to send a
parcel up, north.
Mrs.', Ruoff was also interrogated at
length regarding Mrs. Botkin's -' hand
writing,- with which she claimed to be
SCENE IN JUDGE COOK'S COURT
ROOM TESTERDAY AND ONE
OF THE WITNESSES.
TWEXTV-TWO TOWNS WITjL,
ENTERTAIN BUSINESS MEN
Promotion Committee, Reports Names
or Those Who A re Registered
to Make Southern Trip.
¦It is reported by the California Pro
motion Committee that twenty-two
towns are making preparations to re
ceive and entertain those who go on
the business men's excursion from this
city to Southern California, starting
April 6. The San Franciscans will b?
entertained, but will In turn entertain,
taking a party of Los Angeles people
with them from Los Angeles. It Is
proposed to limit the number of ex
cursionists to one hundred, and those
who expect to make the trip should
notify the 'committeo. this week.V
The following have registered tq go
on the excursion:
Leo B. Alexander. M. S. Alexander. C. S.
Aikcn.' Edw. P. Antron, J. W, Amrath, ' S. L..
Abbot Jr., L. • Arnstein, E.» ii. Atkinson,
Fisher Ames, H. U. Brandenstein, Charles
Brandenstein, H. F. Band. Fred W. Boole,'
Harry Habcock. David Hush, K. A. Bernard,
J. L. Bley. W. A. Beard. R. A. Crothers,
James Denman. W. W. Deamer, Dr. A A
d'Ancona. B. F. Durphy. Arthur Eloe'sser.
Charles XV. Fay. A. H. Fredericks. M. J. Fon
tara. Thomas Fletcher. S. Feizenbaum, F.
Gottfried. Charles H. Ham. R. g. Hubbard,
E. L. Heuter, K. B. Hale. Harry Howell. Pa
vld Starr Jordan, Rufus P. Jennings, Charles
W. Johnson. Fred J. Koster. T. B. Lyman,
C. II. Worrell, George XV. McNear. Constant
M>ese. Henry G. Meyer. John McN'aught.
James McNab. F. V. NelMn, H. C. Norton
H. II. Xewbauer, J. C. Nolan. Arthur G. Na
son. Henry Payot, J. Flaw. II. O. Palcn J
M. 'Patrick, Paul Rlejer. P. C. P.ossl. D L.
Randolph. W. G. Richardson. Ravitl Rich,
RufiiH U. Steele, H. H. Sherwood, Carl II
Schmidt, Chartcs E. Schneely, A. Sbarboro.
Charles Stallman. , Frank J. Symmes, Carl
Schilllnp. N. Schmidt. Thomas S. Smyth*
George XV. Turner. R. L.. Toplltz. A. II Vail
J. Parker Whitney. Fairfax H. Wheelan, Wil
liam II. Weil. T. J. Welsh. Gustavo Wortnser,
C J. Wetmore, R. Ellis Wales, Benjamin Ide
Wheeler.
familiar, having received twenty-five
or thirty letters from her. She der
scribed the handwriting as "very Eng
lish." She identified the note contained
in the box of poisoned candy as being
the writing of Mrs. Botkin, more espe
cially the signature, "Mrs. C." This
latter she was particularly positive
about, because the C- was framed in
quotation marks which were set diag
onally, the first at the top of the letter
and the second at the bottom. She said
this was an invariable custom of Mrs.
Botkin. Another specimen was a note
to Dunning written on the bottom of a
letter addressed to Mrs. Huoff, which
read, "Would that I could see you, my
love." The witness claimed to have
seen Mrs. Botkin write this, and it was
admitted as an exemplar of the defend
ant's handwriting.
IjITTTERS NOT ADMITTED,
Two anonymous letters addressed to
Mrs. Dunning at Dover and postmarked
San Francisco were- also recognized by
the witness as in Mrs. Botkin's hand
writing, but when the prosecution
sought ; to introduce them in evidence
as exemplars Judge Cook refused to
admit them. This was ?vn. unexpected
setback for the prosecution, and Dis
trict Attorney Byington was plainly
dismayed. All other exemplars of the
defendant's handwriting were likewise
rejected, but some of them may get in
at a future time by additional proof.
The anonymous letters, which are
supposed to have been written by Mrs.
Botkin. inform Mrs. Dunning of the re
lations existing between her husband
and the defendant. In one Mrs. Botkin
is described as "an interesting and
pretty woman," "interesting: to a de
gree," "a lady by birth and education."
It states that the pair are "leading a
quiet bohemian life," and abjures Mrs.
Dunning to break with her husband
entirely, as he is no longer worthy of
her regard. The letter is signed "Your
friend." The other explains that the
"financial embarrassments of your
husband during the winter were not
due to his speculations on the race
track," but because he was showering
his gold on "an English lady who is de
cidedly good-looking and interesting."
When Mrs. Botkin came to the Stock
ton home of Mrs. Ruoff on August 18,
after the story of her alleged crime
had been printed in the press, she
threw her arms around the nurse's neck
and .besought shelter in the name of
her sister Fanny. "For Fanny's sake,"
said the witness, "I will care for you."
According to Mrs. Ruoff, Mrs. Botkin
promptly went off into hysterics after
asking her to send for Dr. Stone.
ATTACKS IIEU CHARACTER.
Attorney . Knight took the witness
in hand for cross-examination with a
large outburst of sound and after a
tremendous -commotion among coun
sel he finally was ordered .by Judge
Cook to modulate his tones.
"Mrs. Botkin 'came to you on Aug
ust 18, 1898, did she not, and you took
her in?" he asked.
"I did," said the witness.
"Yes. you took her in. You're par
ticularly interested in this case, aren't
you?" *
"Not particularly. I'm a witness
and I came here to tell the truth, the
whole truth and nothing but the
truth." : j
"Didn't, you come Into the court
room with John P. Dunninsr when the
jury was being selected and sit here
and tell , the District Attorney what
jurors to select?"
"No, sir.' The District Attorney
asked me a question and I answered
it."
"Didn't you tell the District Attor
ney to excuse Mr. Mossf ord because
he was an Englishman and might vote
to acquit?" v
"I never said anything about- Mr.
Mossford." .
"What was the cause of the^rou
ble between you and Mrs. Botkin?"
"There. is no trouble. I have no un
friendliness for her."
"Wa.sn't it because she spoke to you
about being discharged from the
Stockton Insane Asylum for cruelty
to a patient?" . •
"No, sir; we ¦ never spoke about
that."
"You were discharged as an attend
ant : at the insane asylum for cruelty
to God's insane, were you not?" '
"No, sir; I was discharged because
I had trouble ! with | the laundress."
: "You say that- you admitted Dun
ning'to the McClure home clandes
tinely on two occasions and kept the
secret?" t , ' >;,* .. - ; ;
- "Yes, sir." , .
,"At that time you were a member
of Rev. Mr. McClure's church and an
inmate of a- Christian home and still
made yourself a party to this unholy
liaison?". " 1 ; •
"I didn't know that there was'any
thing wrong with them." ••;
"How, large, was that house?"
"It was a i two-story frame build-
day she was lively and amiable, ex
cept at such times as Mrs. Ruoff's testi
mony aroused her, and then she would
utter a protest and whisper to her at
torney, Frank McGowan. Frequently
she smiled at the statements of her for
mer nurse and was ever ready with
suggestions as to pertinent questions
to be asked of the witness.
Both morning and afternoon sessions
there was a constant turmoil engen
dered by the spats between counsel far
.the opposing sides. Byington and Fer
ral were on their feet half a hundred
times to protest at the insulting tones
they claimed Knight used in his cross
examination of witnesses. Knight came
back readily with denials and denun
ciations, and everybody except Judge
Cock seemed to enjoy it. He repri
manded Knight twice and finally for
bade him to bellow his questions at
Mrs. Ruoff, who was then on the stand.
Thereafter Knight lowered his voice
and things went more, smoothly. But
he had his say beforehand.
•'I deny that my voice is other than
it should be. I am using a plainly
audible tone and not one of those
squeaky voices I hear from the other
side that sounds like a rusty hinge on
a barn or a cross between the yowl of
a pup and a cat."
Assistant District Attorney Ferral
was talking in the meantime. What
he said was lost "In Knight's tones for
the most part, but a protect from him
against "any more of this tin thunder
in this trial" floated out of the whirl
wind of sound and found rest in the
stenographer's notes.
Superior Judge Thomas J. Lennon of
Marin County sat with Judge Cook dur
ing the afternoon session and followed
the proceeding with much interest..
BREAKS INTO TEAKS.
Mrs. Isaac Tuchler was the first wit
ness of the day. In July. 1898, she was
Mrs. Grace Harris and clerked at the
City of Paris store. She. testified to
selling two handkerchiefs to Mrs. Bot
kin of character similar to the one
which was contained in the box of
poisoned candy received by Mrs. Dun
ning at Dover.. She was positive that
the defendant was the woman who
purchased • the handkerchiefs. Mrs.
Botkin stood up during the identifica
tion at the request of Attorney Knight
and gazed defiantly back into the eyes
of the woman who was testifying
against her.
It was during the cross-examination
that Mrs. Tuchler gave way to tears.
Attorney Knight was going into her
varied matrimonial ventures. After
ascertaining the time and place of her
birth the attorney asked her if she had
been expelled from Notre Dame con
vent in San Jose. Judge Cook sus
tained an objection to the question.
The attorney then drew from the wit
ness that she came to thi3 city and en
gaged in the millinery business.
"What did yo\i do after that?"
asked Knight.
"I was married."
•"To whom?"
"To a man named Thomas Pierce."
"Is he alive or dead?"
"I don't know. I was divorced from
him."
Mrs. Tuchler was plainly on the verge
of tears and looked appealingly toward
Judge Cook, and Byington was pro
testing against what he' called the in
sulting tone of the counsel.
"After Pierce what was your name?"
persisted Knight remorselessly.
"Harris." answered the witness.
"Where is he?"
"He died in 1896."
"Were you living with him then?"
A torrent of tears burst from the wit
ness. "Mr. Knight," she sobbed, "you
are taking the advantage of me as a
witness in this case. You know I can't
protect myelf and I think It is cowardly
in you."
KNIGHT IS UNMOVED.
Byington and McGowan were on
their feet, shouting at each other, and
Knight was flouting the show of emo
tion on the part of the witness. "These
tearful plays don't buy anything with
me," he exclaimed. "I've seen too many
of them. Don't appeal to me for pro
tection; appeal to the court."
Order came about some way and the
witness, relieved by her outburst, went
through the remainder of her exam
ination aridly. The remembrance of
Mrs." Botkin was particularly impressed
on the witness because of the re
semblance the defendant bore to the
witness' mother and this resemblance
had been a subject of conversation 'be
tween the two at the time of the pur
chase. '..W v'.->
Dr. T. "W. Stone of Stockton, follow
ed the candy makers and told of hav
ing been called to treat . Mrs. Botkin
for grip on July 28, 1898, at the home
of Mrs. Ruoff in Stockton. In addition
to his visit that evening, he called
twice the following day- and at all
three interviews the defendant ques
tioned him concerning the effects of
the administration of arsenic. He said
he thought she was Joking and. told
her that If she contemplated suicide,
she would better take morphine, as it
was less painful. She persisted in her
queries concerning arsenical -and
strychnia poisoning and under her
questioning He detailed the effects of
the two poisons and told her the
amount that would prove a .lethal
dose.
Under cross examination Dr. • Stone
said he had never narrated these con
versations until after the conclusion
of the first trial. . '. Attorney Knight
tried to embarrass the witness by ask
ing: him if he was in the habit of dis
closing conversations with patients,
held professionally, ?" but -the doctor
Mrs. Almirah Ruoff. a trained
nurse, traB the bright particular
star yesterday in the trial 4n
Jud*e Cook's court of Cordelia Botkin,
charged -with murder for the alleged
pending of a box of poisoned chocolates
from this city to Mrs. John P. Dunning
at Dover. Delaware, from partaking of
which Mrs. Dunning and her sister,
Mrs. Joshua D. Deane died. Mrs. Bot
kin is now on her second trial for the
murder of Mrs. Dunning.
'Mrs. Ruoff has been intimately con
nected with the incidents of the case
almost from the beginning of the liai
son between Mrs. Botkin and John P.
Dunning, husband of one of the mur
ere< l women, which is supposed to
have furnished the motive of the crime.
WAS A CONFIDANTE.
It was at Mrs. Ruoff s house that
Mrs. Botkin took refuge when the
newspapers first published the facts
which seemed to connect her with the
double poisoning, and it was there she
was taken into the custody of the law.
Mrs. Ruoff had nursed Mrs. Botkin
through an Illness during the year 1897
und accompanied her to the home of
Mr?. Botkin's .brother-in-law, Rev. N.
C McClure. then a resident of Oakland.
Here Mrs. Ruoff made her home for
Rome time and on two occasions admit
ted Dunning to the house, when he vis
ited Mrs. Botkin without the knowl
edge of other members of the house
hold.
One of the most important witnesses
introduced during the day by the pros
ecution was Dr. T. W. Stone of
Stockton, who grave testimony that in
July. 18SS, the defendant evinced unu
sual interest in the matter of arsenical
poisoning and obtained from him a full
statement at its action and effects. He
did not testify on the former trial.
Tears were one of the features of
the morning session. Mrs. Isaac Tuch-
J'T broke down under the cross-exam
ination of Attorney Knight and sobbed
painfully. She was a clerk at the City
of Paris store in July. 1S98. and claims
to have sold Mrs. Botkin two handker
chiefs of the same character as the one
received at Dover inside the box of
poisoned candy. She was positive in
nor identification of Mrs. Botkin de
spite her tears.
Mrs. Harry M. Campi. born Hoff
man, and once an employe of Haas
& Sons, and B. Eiken, likewise a for
mer employe of the candy establish
ment, completed the list of witnesses of
the day. The latter two merely de
tailed the method of manufacture of
chocolate candies and testified that no
ersenic cr other poisonous substance
vcre used therein.
DEFENDANT IS CHEERFUL.
Mrs. Botkin ypent the best day she
1ms had since the beginning of the trial,
from all outward appearances. Fhe ar
rived early at the Hall of Justice in
¦ -closed carriage, made the usual run
'at the elevator to avoJd the gaze of
¦the curious and was shot up from the
basement to the courtroom floor, al
most before any one knew she was in
•.he building. She was soon joined by
her sister, who always sits beside her
¦luring the hearings. Throughout the
"I mean by that, if It had fallen on
you would you have known It?"
QUKSTIOX I3IPROPER. .
r Byington protested* and -the court
ruled that the question was highly
improper.
"Did you drink anything on the
night you found Dunning and Mrs.
Botkin together in a room at 927 Geary
street?"
"Yes; I drank some whisky, toddy
with them."
"How many packages had you had
before you reached the room?"
Again Byington protested at the
language,' and Knight changed his
phraseology.
I'How many drinks did you take be
fore you reached the room that night?'-'
'-'Not a drop," said the witness ex
citedly, "not a single dr-op — not a sin
gle' dr-r-r-op— not an eighth of " a
dr-r-r-r-op.'-'
"As a matter of fact, are you not
a habitual drunkard? When you ran
a millinery store in Stockton were you
not in the habit of locking, up the
place for days at a' time and going on
your- drunks?" - ¦*" ,•;'
The witness denied these accusa
tions, saying that she had * never bren
Intoxicated in her. life. -She- denied
that she had ever \ become so , drunk
In Mrs. .Botkin's apartments that the
latter had to' put her to bed.
• "I have been under the influence, of
liquor, but I never got so far . over
the bay that I didn't know what a bed
was." -¦. / - •
Knight continued to pound along on
the' lines of intoxication until the wit
ness exclaimed:
"Mr. Knight, if I were a man you
wouldn't dare ask me these insulting
questions."
Some well-gowned woman In the
rear of the courtroom started to ap
plaud, but the bailiff promptly sup
pressed her. Before this, there had
been hissing at Knight's method of at
tack. ¦¦' • , •¦<."•
Mrs. Ruoff was finally allowed to
step down, and court adjourned until
10' o'clock this morning. .'
•During' the afternoon Rev. Mr. Mc-
Clure of Healdsburgr. brother-in-law of
Mrs. Botkin, and his wife occupied
seats within the bar railing, and after
the adjournment went over and spoke
encouragingly to the defendant.
One Woman Is in
Tears, Another
Defiant.
DAY'S PROCEEDINGS IN BO TKIN CASE
PRODUCTIVE OF TEARS AND TURMOIL
Din of Tongues Re
' sounds in the
Courtroom.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, .FRIDAY, . MARCH 25, 1904.
7
ADVEBTISEMENT&
Failure
To cure indipestion is largely due to the
old theory that jirhen the stomach be-
comes inactive, it needs something to
mechanically digest its contents, and ca-
thartics, purgatives, etc.. are used, which
give only temporary relief, because they
digest by. irritating the lining of • the
stomach. ' ". .• ¦ '
Modern science recognizes the fact
that it is the nerves that- furnishes mo-
tive power, to digest the contents of the
stomach. ,
-The nerves agitate and mix the food,
and stimulate the secretions. When they
become- weakened they lack energy, and
indigestion, dyspepsia, sour stomach re-
sult. '
Dr. Miles';
Restorative Nervine
Will : relieve obstinate cases of .indiges-
tion, dyspepsia and stomach trouble by
strengthening these nerves. " '
-"Ivhad severe: stomach trouble, lir.
Miles*. Nervine,^ and Nerve .-and Liver
Plllsr cured. me. lean now eat anything
without trouble."—!,. C. O'BRIEN,- Wln-
ston-Salcm.' N. Y. • r\ -
Money back if first bottle, fails to ben-
enVi%^- - ¦¦¦- :J- - - ' ¦
ADVZBTISEMINTS.
Offer for
SATURDAY
. .Ars'D...
We have just re-
ceived 350 new and
nobby up-to-date
patterns^ and we will
put them on sale
Saturday and Mon-
day for one uniform
price. Suits or Over-
coats made to order
for
NO MORE— NO LESS.
«a««»BaB»BB»aBBBBBBBBBBBBBBB»a> "T* ' '
Scotch Plaid
Tailors
1009 Market Street
OPEN SATURDAY EVENING
UNTIL 10 O'CLOCK.
PS\jF3 flpB » n ourntw VACrt'3I I)E-
|W| fP WSM VIGOUATOR Is a nat-
H W B UU IS \Zd «ral restorer Of lost
.itreneth and vigor. It Is the ONLY means
which will fxparxl and develop thn orcans, ui»d
with our improved " Perfect " Soluble Medicated
(Direct Medication)
Crayon*, will quickly cure unnatural losses, stric-
ture, premature decav, prottatlc affections, etc.
/-,<•*¦» Kor VAtllCOCKLK onr IM-
«7SwJ PROVED DEVEiOPEB.com.
\\iir jLf> pined witb onr new patented SUS-
>-O^ PKSSORT and COMPRESSOR,
. af(sold only by us), will cure even the
•^ worst cases. .Don't fail to Investigate this.
a Call or write for new (copyrighted) pro-
l 1 SI fusely Illustrated 100-page book,"HeaUh,*
? Jl for MEX OJ(LT. Bent securely sealed •
i him FREK. Oar physicians are experienced
*. gland strictly reliable specialist. Fees
*E>winoderate. Treatment given on 10 days*
Wai and approval. „•'.?. 2
9 HEALTH APPLIANCE CO..
6 O'Farrell Street. S. F.
DR. JORDAN'S oRCAri
OF 1UT.OIY#
0 ic5iiusax5i.t«tir.»wi.i.r.ci:. A
\ Cf - Tha Larr«st AnaUaical Museuat la t6« \
f) World, weakecsus *r aar asatnclcd A
V KSKR d:«M»e pMltl«»l,.,,wVt lato'.dan T
0 /KMl bpeoalijt o» ihe Cow. Eit^jein Q
A flgfgf A DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF HEN 6
\ Vvt)P^9 ComulltHoa free led itrfeuV afiTttr. \
B M IJCZ B TrMiment p«r>erillj or by If.tet. A 0
\ B ' \l ¦ '•«**"»• Cttr* m mrj can nadeitakm. T
API lift Write for Book, rail LO«oraT«r A
V* I T ¦*imi*cc. mailsd ntii. ( jl V
A (J {J. valuable book for ara) - • \
V DE JUBDAN et CO.. 10tl Market Bt, 8. r. 9
DDTTCU17C FOR BA21BEKS.' BA-
13 ri U uil£jU ke ". bootblacks, bath-
*¦•*¦* *T*"*'^*** housest billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy makers, eaaner*.
dyers, flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hanger*, printer*, painters. aho«- factories,
stablemen, tar- roofers, tannera. tailors, etc
BTJCHAWAW 3X0&. .. .
Brma Mantif actarcra. 609 Savcrauaento St.
4B* ft lag JaV Ammunition. Huntlns and
hII rUl" Sportlns Goods. Laixest
1 as 1 1 111 ttock- Lowest prices. Send
UUllU C E a v^°r B ARBERCO
',^^-^r^T..^^ 739 Market st. aad .621
Kearnyst.
\JU. T. H ESS.
» otarr mslio smd r Attoxncy-*t-X<«w.
Tenth *Uoor. Koom 10l5..Claus SprecJtets bids.
Teleohone Main 883. ••
- Residence. 1WC McAllister ft. s
Resldenc* Talephona Pay • CtL _
_K»rs Island smd ?sJlajo MUmmni.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONT1CELLO—
9:45 a. m.. a:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sunday.
Sunday 9:43 a. m.. S:'M p. m. Leave Vallejo
7 a. in.. 12:30 and 6 p. in., except Sunday. Sun-
day, 7 a. m., 4:15 p. m. Fare, SO cents. Tel.
Main 150S. Pier 2, Mlssicn-st. dock. -HATCH
BROS. - - V •- --¦¦ - - . -
OCEAU TRAVEL.
v^tc*J^S. Steamers • ltav» Bmaiws;
yJji&^Sj-Jv -wharTea.- Piers S . and 11.
f&!r " w^yij\ Sa n Francisco.
I*'V®^^& V*\ t " or Ketchlkan. Wrarml,
1 / Xik'WI 1 I Juneau. Halnes. SkajwH.,
\ I \%a>4 *-tc., Alaska— 11 a. m.. Mar.
V^Psjl _^/Cs Company's steamers at Seat-
, <^ For Victoria, Vancouver.
Pert" Tot«ina«nd. Seattle. Tacoma. Kverett. B»N
Un^ham — 11 a. m.. Mar. 28, 31, Apr. 5. Cbanjta
at geartte to thi* company's steamnrs for Alas-
ki iod O..-N.Ry. : at Seattle or Tacotna to
Jf.-P. Ry.i at Vancouver to C. I*. Ry.
For Etirska (Humbo!«tt Bay)--Pomona, 1:39
p. m..Jfar. 23. 20. Apr. 4. Spokane l&O p.
m.. Mar. 26,. Apr. 1. . .
Tor Loa Angeles <vJa Port Los Anjrel*» ani
Redocdo). San Dteiro and .rant a Barbara — San-
ta-Rosa,' Sundays, U a. m.
State of California. Thursday*. 9 a. m.
POr Los Anseles (via San P»dro ani^Kan
Sari Pedro), Santa Barbara, Santa Cru*. Iftm-
terfty. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Hartord i3aa
Luis OblopoK Ventura and Hueneme.
•Coos Bay, 9 a. m.. Mar. 24, Apr. 1.
.Fonita. 0 a. m.. Mar. 28. -Apr. 5.
For Enaenada. Masdalena Bay, San Jos« -l-t
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La Pax. Santa. n«-
eaJia. . Guaymaa ( Mex.>. 10 a. m.. 7th en.-.-»
month. For further Information obtain fold»r.
Right ia reserved to chance steamers or saill.i?
dates. ¦• • '
TICXET OTTICES — 4 New ATontKom-
•ry at (Palace Hotels 10 Market at. and Broad-
way; wharves. Freight of nee. 10 Market at.
C.' D. DOANN. General Passenger Agant.
"Ki 10 Market st.. San Franctsco.
.vTh« Paciflp Transfer Co.. 20 Sutler at., win
call for and check bat-gage from hotels ant
residences. Telephone Exchange 312.
O. R. & N. CO.
-.ORXGOX' sails March 28. April 7. IT. CT.
May 7.. 17 artd 27; GKO. W. ELTJEH nails
March 28*' April 2^ 12. 22. May 2. 12 and 22
Orly sttamahip line to PORTLAND. OR., anr»
short rail line from Portland to all points
East.- Through tickets to all points. Steanvr
ticket* include). berth and meals. Steamer mu%
foot of Spear at., at 11 a. m. S. F. BOOTH.
O«n. Agt. Pass. D«pt.. 1 Montgomery st. ; C.
CLIFFORD. • Gen. - Agent - Freight Dcpt.. 3
Montgomery, st. . .... . i*.
a Aat'inf r*£ C 4TA . ¦*»*". t**04, not
occapic5,sxo. &^
g. 8. a LAM EDA. for Honolulu, Aprs- 2. 11 a.m.
y. S. VEXTURA. for Honolulu. Samoa, Aock-
- land and 3ydney; Tbur..^ Apr.- 1*. 2 p. m.
S. S. MAR1POSA.- for TahiU,- Apr. 2S. 11 a.m.
J.D.3PECSEL3 k BE03. C0.,AjtS.,TiCa8t 0SC8 643 Mar-
tost, miflt Office 329 Km. 5t, Pig 7, Pacifls sr.
C0M?A3Sli SXHX&tXS TBAH3ATLAMTIQ1TC.
DIRKCT LINE TO . HAVRE-PARIS. -_
. Sailing every Thursday Instead of -<&I3mH
Saturday; at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. '*»k-
North, River, foot ot Morton st. .
• First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
ond clas* to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN -
HftAL AGENCT FOR U.VITED gTATES AN D
: CANADA, 32 Broadway <Hudaon btilWlnx..
; New-Tork.'J: F. FUOAZI * CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. . t Montgomery avenu*. San Franciscu.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticltet Agents. 1
leelDi $11 -urTar
ADVURTISEBTKNTa
IIIPTKISonBUGS
These are the most attractive bargains ever
offered in Rugs. Never before were such
values presented in ;;wr-
ORIENTAL RUGS
BELOOCHISTAN. $45.00 rednoad to tf 9P aa
¦ 8 ft. by 5 ft 2 in* ¦ . . *POu»\J\J
CASHMERE.. $85.00 wdncea to «JLC f\r\
9 ft. 7 ia. by 7 ft. 3 in- - . .. .!p4»>.UU
ANTIQTJ E KUBDISTAN . ......... $75-00 reduced ta «? rn f\f\
9 ft. 9 in. b/ 5 ft. 1 ia. $ J I .UU
KHIVA $90-00 reduced to ff L A (\f\
« ft. 7 in. by 7 ft 2 in.
PERSIAN .$303C0 rtdaetd to G?i\f\ f\f\
13 ft- 8 in. by 10 ft. 4 in. * JiiUU.UU
PERSIAN....'. $285 00 redncid to CO1A AA
15 ft. 5 in. by 10 ft. 11 in- ¦; $C.IV.\J\J
330 DAQHESTANS, BELO0CHISTAN8, KAZAKDJUS aad
™™™ s ::v;::v:::v. $4.75 to $30.00
DOMESTIC RUGS
Our extensive assortment includes the most
beautiful weaves, many of which we offer
at marked reductions.
More conspicuous than ever are our reductions
on Furniture for Hall, Library, Parlor, Dining-
room, Bedroom; also Upholstery, Lace Curtains
and Draperies.
SLQAME5
114122 POST STREET
I 1 X \ \. . Do y° u likc to rca^
I M.J^^^^^f I ! in bcd? ' Physicians say
I HK^^ \ if sabad habit. Maybe
I // I w| \\ pleasant one. And you |
I v A *Y* =^fj~l can practice it to your
y \ fl^r neart s content aboard J
I \\ t^^J^^"" Golden State
I hJ . ; yC\^ *Z Limited I
h fy\ \i&/ for every berth in every ||
H \ [[ \ \\f one of its sleeping cars H
i ' -\ l\ j> has an individual berth p
H y^-^-^ = p", —y . |j '.The Golden State Limited y
Ej < - > <^^| U i is the newest and finest of \>\
f-4 j II 1 ;¦ ." mnj-condnsr.ul traint. r|
W I I a I Leaves San Francisco, Santa ta
M I 19 I ' . . Barbara aad Lot Angeles H
Q ' * . " ' ; aklrjr»' Dec. »5 to April 19, hi
H * " for Tftpeka, Kansas City and Ft
B ' •'• f CWcsgo. Southern route— r|
H by way of El Fuo, through a land where winter U M
n artB>Mn**' ' unknown. ; ¦.¦ ¦ '. ¦ « -.? fel
B •^prtBajHMBHpBr Ticket*, berths and literature at this office, and |]
H B lflTn!lM 811111 alao at Scudjern Picinc ticket 6rHce;. . ; H
m l^^^CiJultJl^CT District Pusengfr Agsir t |J
|j 6a3 Market St., San Francisco, CaL k|Then occurs a gap between Powhattan and a pilgrimage
to Harvard College, for the biography states that "he
went to Harvard College." There occurs a structural
defect, for nothing is said about what he did when he
"went" or that he ever came back. The imagination is
left to leap and play in this break, and the tale jumps to
a religious statement to the effect that he follows the
faith of his fathers and was baptized in the Episcopal
church. The writer seehis to have regarded this as
needful of further evidence, and another leap is taken
from baptism to matrimony, and it is boldly proclaimed
that he was married at Grace Church, New York, by
Bishop Potter. ,
It seems, then, to nave occurred to the writer that
there must be logically some reason* given either for hav
ing the ceremony in such aristocratic surroundings, or
for its performance by the Bishop, and an explanatory
clause is interpolated to the effect that the Bishop "has
been his friend from boyhood." All that being happily
disposed of, his career as the publisher of aggressive
newspapers is pleaded and his "unflinching nerve force"
is weighed and measured. His virtues are circumnavi
gated and it is not forgotten to magnify them by the
statement that they have been subjected to sore and fre
quent temptation. •"'_
That they resisted is made plain, for "powerful influ
ences failed to move him." The reader is then led by
uneasy stages to the information that he risked his yacht
and his life on the firing line at Santiago and was "in the
thick of battle," with his own hands captured a dozen
prisoners, and magnanimously turned them over to the
United States, instead of keeping them for his own use.
Then the story declines to a more placid level, and de
clares that since his career of battle and of blood he has
"never owned a yacht," nor a stable, and "has never
owned a horse since those his father gave him soon after
he left college was sold." This. is excessively ambigu
ous. If we trust the pronominal adjective he was the
donee of several horses. If on the other hand we rely
on the verb he received only one horse. We regret this
uncertainty. The main thing the people want to know
about a Presidential candidate is, not merely whether be
is now indulging in the immorality of owning a horse,
but whether he refused to be corrupted by several horses
or resisted the blandishments of only one horse. ,It must
be remembered that all these things have to be thrashed
out in the campaign. Mr. Hearst puts his virtue on trial
by horse-power, and the people will want to know
whether it refused to budge when pulled by a team or a
single horse.
While on the subject of yachts, horses and means of
getting over the land and water, the biography partially
exhausts' it by lauding the skill of the candidate as a
chauffeur. He enjoys automobiling "as a diversion, but
has never taken part in a speed contest, as he considers
it dangerous and foolish." Here appears another of those
annoying vacancies. It is necessary that a candidate de
clare himself on the bicycle as weir as the automobile.
He cannot expect to get through the- canvass without
disclosing his views on the bicycle. No friend of the
plain people can sit inside of himself on that issue.
After declaring with commendable positiveness that he
demands that automobiles shall be sold cheap, so that
they can be enjoyed by the poor, the narrative proceeds
to an ineffectual attempt to describe his charms of man
ner. In speech he is quiet and convincing and avoids a
waste of words. ' His concentration is affirmed to be
marvefous. He considers only one thing at a time and
shoves out of his mind all things else and padlocks the
gate of thought until he has digested that one subject.
It is then released and the gates close on another. From
his intellectual Bastile nothing escapes until its bones
are picked. In his public speeches he is not a dealer "in
the flowers of poesy," and refrains from appealing to
prejudice and passion. It is intimated, however, ( that if
he chose he could move the very, stones to mutiny and
rage.
ANDIDATES for the Presidency, usually defer the
I expense of publishing a biography until after they
V^ arc nominated. We say "usually," from motives
of caution. Perhaps the statement could be, majje posi
tively that they have always waited until after nomina
tion. But there are candidates and candidates, and never
before has there been just such a candidate as Mr. Wil
liam Randolph Hearst, nor just such peculiar features as
make up his campaign for the nomination. Therefore,
let us marvel notUhat his candidacy has reached the'bio
graphical stage nearly four months before the nominat
ing convention meets.
We have been favored with a, copy of his biography,
perhaps autobiography is the more exact term, since the
work contains those intimate and personal revelations
which can only originate with himself. The title page is
ornamented with a picture of the American eagle, who
seems to be making a desperate effort to sit up and look
pleasant. Under the bird is a picture of Mr. Hearst,
with a turn-down collar, necktie and air of inscrutability,
and the titl<£ guarantees that the pamphlet contains "a
sketch of his life, describing his personality, his busi
ness capacity and his Democracy."
A perusal of the ensuing pages convinces us that the
gentlemen -who declaimed against him, at the recent
meeting of the Democratic State Committee, had not
read the little book, inasmuch as their descriptions dif
fered so radically from the disclosures it makes. He is
described as in his fortieth -year, tall of stature, broad of
shoulder and deep of chest. How can one overlook
these qualifications for the Presidency! In descent he
comes on the paternal side from South Carolina, and on
the maternal from the Randolphs of Virginia. This car
ries him back to Pocahontas and makes him of royal
blood, for his remote ancestor was King Powhattaii, and
raises the old feud between that royal person and the
Smith family.
POLITICAL BIOCxRAPHY.
A ravel blue book recently published j
shows that the health of the personnel \
in the 'British navy is steadily irr.prov- _
ing. Th<? total force afloat in 1902 was
95.C00 and the average number of men j
tick daily was 5523 39, a decrease of !
.02 per cent per 1000 compared with ,
VOl and vt 1.71 per cent in comparison j
v.'th the last five years. In the United ,
States navy the average strength of the j
Davy and marine corps was 31.240 fo*- j
lf'02. ashore and afloat, and the daily j
average of patirnts was only 1025.93.
A very interesting part of the above j
report is edited by Deputy Inspecto/
Gtneral T. D. Preston. R. X.. contain-,
ing extracts from naval medical 'offl- j
c«_rs' journals from 1793 to 1856. In
JS23 a case of ophthalmia was "cured"
by the medical officer ordering the pa
tk-nt to be flogged. Another superin
tendent formed among the prisoners
themselves a "society for the suppres
sion of vice generally." and nominated
as president *"a saint with only ore
leg." A third surgeon proposed in 1825
that all convict ships should be fitted !
with "a trademill to work paddles sim
ilar to those of steam vessels and en
to propel the ship in calms." This
•trademill" was to be worked by th«
prisoners.
One of the most notable references is
the following brief account of Admiral
Nelson's loss of an arm off Santa Cruz.
his treatment and his remarkably rapid
recovery: '•Theseus, 1797, July 24 ami
2Z — Admiral Nelson — Compound fract
ure of the right arm by a musket ball j
passing through a little above the el
bow, an artery divided, the arm was
immediately amputated and medicines
administered. Rested pretty well and
quite easy. Tea. soup, sago. Lemonade
rnd tamarind drink. July 31— One of
the ligatures came away; looks well.
August 1— Continued getting well very
fast; stump looked well; no bad symp
tom; sore reduced to size of a shilling. '
• • •
Two British torpedo-boat destroj-ers,
the Express and Arab, have been the <
cause of much trouble to their builders I
and the Admiralty. The Express was
built under contract of March 11. 1897,
to be delivered by October 4, 1S97. Its
contract speed was to be 33 knots, sub
ject to a penalty of $2500 for every one
quarter nr fraction of one-quarter knot
between SJ and 32 knots, and 55000 for
every one-quarter knot between 32 and
SI knots. The first trial took place Sn j
October. 1898, and between that time
and June, 1901, the vessel was/unsuc
eossfully tried thirty-seven times. It
vas /^hen decided to accept her at 31
knots and the final trial took place No
vember 14, 1901, the realized speed b?
ing 31.021 knots. The penalties for late
delivery footed up to $111,935 and $30,000
fine for reduced speed, both of which
were reduced to $10,000 and have been
paid by the contractor. In the opinion
of naval experts at the Admiralty the !
vessel's machinery must have deterio
rated considerable through the thirty
seven trials to obtain the required
Fpeed and the vessel was practically
old when finally delivered. The Arab,
vhich also failed to come up to the
guaranteed speed, cost the contractors
$15,000 in penalties.
The premium system has just been
introduced In the British Admiralty. It
xvas started about two years ago at
Carlisle under an agreement between
the Federated Engineering Employers
and the Amalgamated Society of En
gineers, and the system has been found
mutually satisfactory- Generally speak
ing it is a method by means of which
the workman receives pay for any tim?
he may save on a job. A time rate is
fixed for all work, such as punching,,
riveting and calking. The new cystem
vent into effect in the dockyards on
March 14 last.
Since William II became Emperor of
Germany in 1888 the navy has been in
creased by seventy ships, of 384,538 tons
displacement. Last year three battle-
Fhips, one armored cruiser, three cruis
ers and one. gunboat of a collective
tonnage of 59,477 were launched.
In 1902 five ships of 20,395 tons were
launched, and during 1901 the output
was eix ships of 57,150 tons.
The Russian naval estimates , for the
year beginning April 1 are considerably
Irss than for 190.3-4, being .113,622,4201
rubles. against 11C.321.241 rubles.
For shipbuilding and repairs 42,- 1
42$. £10 rubles were allowed a year 1
ago, but for the present year the esti
mates were cut down to 38,743,446 ru
blef. Recent disasters vj a number of
ccslly ships will materially increase the
low estimates.
The Russian cruiser Jembchug while
completing at the Xewski wharf broke
loose from her moorings and was car
ried nearly half a mile. up the river byi
the ice. It took a month's work of D90
men to cut a canal through the ice and ';
bring the vessel back to its proper*
place. !
The Russian navy personnel was ,
fixed two months ago at 22 vice ad- j
mirals, 25 rear admirals, 102 captains, j
C49 commanders, 900 lieutenants, 777^
sea cadets, 11 flag engineers, 140 senior!
cngineera, 202 engineers and 175 assist- '
ant engineers. There are no regularly '
appointed paymasters In , the Russian
navy. The duties are performed in a
fashion by the second officer in com
mand, which may account to a large
Jegree-'for the frequent scandals, which. ¦
however, are not always from corrupt
practices, but due to" the unfamiliaiity
:»f the average line officer In any navy
tvith business methods.
A Swedish coast defense ship named
1 Manllgheten was launched last month j
i at Malmoe. It is a sister ship to the .;
Aeran, completed in 1S02. and is of 3650
tons, 2S2 feet in length. 49.2 feet beam
! and 16.4 feet draught. The armor belt j
I is of Krupi) steel, seven inches maxi
mum thickness, tap'ering to 4.? inches at j '
the ends, and the armament is com
! pesed of two 8.2-inch guns mounted in
' turrets of seven-inch thickness, six 5.9
| inch in 4.9-inch turrets, one' on each ;
broadside, two firing abeam and for
¦ward and two abeam and aft. The sec
ondary battery consists of ten six
pounders, two one-:>ounders and two
machine guns. The engines are calcu- I
lated to develop 5900 horsepower, giv- |
ing a speed of 16.5 knots, which, how- 1
ever, is likely to be. exceeded, as the j
Aeran, intended to give 6000 horsepower j
! and sixteen knots, developed 6500 horse- |
power and 17._ knots speed on her trial, j
The cost of the Manligheten, exclusive j
ol armament/ is $2,S00,000.
• • •
The personnel act of Congress in 1899 !
' excluded all officers retired before that '
' time from the benefits extended to f u- i
i ture retiring officers. The law as passed
! provided that such officers as had
; served during the war of the rebellion j
I were, upon retirement, to be advanced j
; one grade and receive the advanced |
1 pay. It was an unjust discrimination
j against those retired before March,
j 1?99, many of whom had been constant- j
! ly employed on dangerous service dur
¦ ing the four years of the war, while a
! large number of those retired since (
I March, 1S99, had seen but little active j
' war service. At the time this law was 1
1 passed $100,000 would have covered the 1
increase of pay to previously retired
war veterans, and the casualties among .
this number has decreased the sum to
570,000 at the present time. An effort is
being made to have this wrong righted,
the chief beneficiaries of which will be
I the widows, whose pensions, except in
j special cases, are inadequate toward a
decent support-
Troubles between the line and staff
corps in the United States navy have I
broken out again, and the line is the
aggressor this time. During the early
part of the present session of Congress
a bill recommended for passage by the
Secretary of the Navy was introduced
which eliminated the 15 per cent less
pay for shore service than at sea. It
had a very good chance of passing until
a staff officer discovered- that a para
graph in the bill, inserted by Captain
I Lemly, the judge advocate general of
I the navy, applied the benefit sought for
to line officers alone. This discovery has
naturally worked up the staff corps,
and the bill will be killed unless modi
fied so as to include all officers in the
navy.
Trans-Siberian Travel.
The passenger over the trans-Sibe
rian route may travel either by the
j Russian Government express or by
the train of the International Sleep-
Ing Car Company. The latter is a pri
vate corporation maintaining a ser
vice en the Continent and across Si
beria and Manchuria, with terminals
at Dalny, . Vladivostok and even Pe
king, which. In its general excellence,
can be compared only with the best
American trains." The traveler in Eu
rope finds that the first-class service
on most trains means a small car on
four or six wheels, with compartments
resembling very closely the stage
coach of our grandfathers. To be
confined in such close quarters for a
long distance would be almost unbear
able. The ordinary type of the Amer
ican Pullmari would likewise become
wearisome after some days. One tire's
of continued packing and unpacking,
of undressing in a sitting posture on
one's bed, or standing in the aisle
wrapped about with the curtain, in a
space not much more commodious
¦ than that afforded by astraltjacket.
The, service at present consists of
] eix classes of trains. We may-men
¦ tion first the "train de luxe Siberien,"
which will run once a week between
Warsaw and Dalny, via Moscow, and
will connect with the northern ex-
press now running between London..
Paris. Berlin land Warsaw. This train
will offer the quickest service between
all European points and the Far East.
Passengers from London will be met
at Ostend, on the Belgium side of the
English channel, by a representative
of the International Sleeping Car
Company familiar with all the prin
cipal languages, who will escort them
aboard a special car of the train de
luxe service, which will convey them
to Warsaw, where change to the
through train will be made without
loss of time. Passengers from Paris
will be likewise cared for by a through
car to Warsaw. No change of cars
will be necessary until Lake Baikal is
reached. At this point passengers will
change to a train the exact counter
part of the one they have just vacat
ed and will occupy the same coupes
in the new train. Porters supplied
by the company will make the change
of baggage, including hand baggage,
at no inconvenience, as it will necessi
tate merely the crossing of a platform.
Until the completion of the railway
I around Lake Baikal, passengers will
cross this very picturesque body of
water by steamer. Dalny, the South
Manchurian terminal, will be reached
without further change of cars, and
the entire journey from Xondon or
Paris will require about fourteen and
a half days, and to Peking only a few
hours more.
I The train de luxe will consist of
! first-class cars only, ai\d will be made
I up of a baggage car, two sleeping
cars, a dining car and a drawing room
! car. The latter will contain two or
j three large "cabins de luxe," contain
ing each, a brass bedstead' and a toilet
room, and will have in addition a
I large general drawing-room, contain
i ing piano, library, writing desk, with,
j at the rear, an open end for observa-
I tion purposes. There will also be in
j the train a bathroom, which will con
i tain gymnasium paraphernalia. In
I summer the ¦ cars will . be . cooled' by
electric fans and In winter heated by
steam, , and the lighting will be by
electricity. An extra charge is made
' for this train, but it is calculated that
i the fare from Paris to Dalny or Pe
king will not exceed $2 SO, Including
the cost of sleeper, food and incidental
expenses. It was the" intention. to put
this train, in service during the com
ing summer.— The Century for April.
XqvjI Xolcs.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 25, 1904.
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cal
ifornia street. Telephone Mala 1042. •
Townsend'a California GIrc* fruits and
choice candles. In artistic fire-etched
boxes. A nice present for Eastern friends.
715 Market street, above Call building. •
This week good eyeglasses, specs. 23c
50c. 73 4th (front Key's Cel. Oys. House.*
- Baron Hayashi, Embassador of Japan to England,
once saved his life by his ability to speak English. What
an awful chance some of his countrymen in the United
States would have in the same predicament. If the little
brown men succeed- in inflicting as much damage upon
the Russians as they do upon our beloved mother tongue
victory will perch on every.banner in Nippon. V'.;
Since The Hague tribunal can do nothing to keep the
peace among nations, it might as well set up as referee
between Russia and Japan and order them to get in and
fight or leave the ring. . - _
Dry. days are scarce just now, but not half so scarce
as weather prophets who will admit they predicted a
dry season . .
AN ANNOYER-A. S., City. If you
have a person who calls at your house
every day, and that person knows that
there- is no welcome there, and you
wish to get rid of such without offering
a direct insult, have a "peek-a-boo."
such as .a re In use to a great extent in
Philadelphia, placed in position This
Is a looking glass projecting from the
house in such a manner that a person
can, unobserved, look out and obtain a
reflection of any one at the door if
the occupant of the house does not
want to see the person, there is no re
sponse. By the use of such a device
you can ascertain if the objectionable
person is at the door, and if so you can
deny the caller admission. After a
number of visits without response the
individual will tire of coming and come
to the conclusion that it ts a case of
not wanted.
SCHOOL PUNISHMENT-A. S.. City.
The punishment of scholars in the pub
lic schools of San Francisco, such as re
quiring a delinquent to write a certain
number of words for Infraction of tho
rt>'-- In the school yard during recess",
is suggested, as a rule, by the teacher
an« approved by the principal. Any
parent who disapproves of the mode of
punishment has a right to make a com
plaint to the principal of the school or
to the city Superintendent or the Board
of Education.
AN OPINION— Property Owner. Al
ameda, Cal. The question *sked is
purely one of legal opinion, which the
department does not give. It answers
questions as to what the law is. but
does not undertake to give lesal ad
vice.
The RIO— H. IT. and B., City. It was
Pilot Jordan who was saved while the
steamer Rio de Janeiro foundered in
the Golden Gate. Captain Ward, the
master, was drowned. The pilot is still
on the roll of pilots in active service.
MANILA— R. O. T. C, Oakland. Cal.
For such information as you desire rel
ative to the postmasters of Manila un
der American rule, address a communi
cation to the Postmaster General,
Washington, D. C.
r Aiis7vers to Queries.
HARD WOOD — Subscriber. Los Ba
nos, Cal. WhHe birch is classed among
the hard woods of commerce.
I do not advocate lynching, but ask
you for some better way since our laws
are as utterly Inefficient for the pun
ishment of the guilty as they have
proved to be. Every one must admit
that mob law is a terrible expedient,
a dreadful alternative. If its only ob
ject was to wreak vengeance on the
guilty It could not be Justified or ex
cused; but, if it is to terrorize ether
evil doers and deter them from similar
crimes. the case looks different. I feel
sorry for the murderers who are
lynched, sorrier for the innocent 10,000
who await death from the assassins
yearly in the United States.
,If the career o£ the. notorious out
law Tracy had been ' cut short when
he killed his, first man nine more men
might be alive to-day. If Dr. Holmes,
electrocuted in. New York, had been
executed when he killed his first vic
tim' twenty-five other people, by his
own confession, might be yet living.
In a recent year the Youth's Com
panion of Boston kept statistics of the
ghastly homicides done in the United
States and the "adequate" (?) punish
ments for the same. These are the
shameful figures— 10,652 murders, 122
legal hangings and 190 lynchings. I
hold that nothing justifies the taking
of human life but self-defense, and per
haps there were 652 cases of that out
of the 10,652 murders. If the remaining
10,000 murderers had been hanged, either
legally M or, if that were Impossible, ille
gally, do you think that there would
have been 10.000 more homicides in the
following year, as there were, lacking
a fraction? . ¦'*¦'-"•
Editor of The Call — Dear Sir: In
your article against lynch law, evi
dently written with humane intent, in
the issue of the 22d inst. you make
statements and reach conclusions
wholly unjustified by facts stubborn
as they are regrettable.
You say that "in every case of lynch
ing the law would have dealt adequate
punishment." In the matter of homi
cides it has scarcely done it in one
case out' of a hundred. Again you say
that "lynching proves to be no restraint"
upon criminals." The contrary is strict
ly true; it is almost the only restraint.
The homicide does not fear the law.
He wants to get to jail for protection
at the earliest possible moment. We
have had about thirty murders in
Shasta County since a man was hanged
by law for. a crime. Some go free and
others go to an excellent home with
good board, in a healthy climate for a
vacation of about five years— a rather
pleasant change.
REDDING. Cal., March 23, 1904.
Carnival of Homicides.
A company has been formed In South
America to exploit the real El Dorado.
This is a lake situated in the territory
of Colombia, near Bogota, and the story
is that the chief of the state in pre-
European time3 used, twice a year, sol
emnly to empty a boatload of gold into
the water in order to purchase the par
don of the gods for the sins of his
people during the previous six months.
This ceremony is said to have been reg
ularly carried out for several centuries,
and it is therefore calculated that the
value of the accumulated treasure must
amount to many millions of pounds.
Consequently If everything goes as the
prospectus predicts the company should
pay enormous dividends, and the United
States of Colombia should be more than
recompensed for the loss of the republic
of Panama.
The Real El Dorado.
One hot, dusty day, I was driving.
The team was slower, if possible, than
usual. I had exhausted all my per
suasive pow.ers to encourage it to
nobler efforts, but without success.
Finally, in desperation, I offered up a
blessing upon the heads of those two
mules and in disgust shouted that I
could buy them both for fifteen cents.
Well sir, as I am alive, one of those
brutes actually turned his head, and
looking me straight in the eye, said:
" 'Haw-he-e-e-haw-haw!'
"I maintain that it was a pure coin
cidence and that he was- hungry, but
the boys won't have it, and say he un
\ derstood me perfectly, and gave me
the horse laugh. Believing they in
tend to tell the story on me, I have de
cided to beat them to it."
"Last season," said Leon Reynolds,
leader of an Oakland theater orches
tra, "I went with the boys of the or
chestra camping through Mendocino
County. We hired a wagon and two
pocket editions of the mule tribe. I
mention the wagon first because I
have nothing against it. It almost
seemed to be first in the going, any
way. The- mule is nqt well known to
the general public. He doesn't care a
snap of his foot for that, however —
neither does the public. When hungry
the animal has a funny call; not the
awful sound like tearing a rag, but
one Identically like a low, human
laugh.
The Horse Laugh.
REPORTS submitted at the third annual meeting
, of the executive committee of the Carnegie trust
for the universities of. Scotland show that the ef
fect of the practical operation of the policy inaugurated
by the founder of the trust has been even more widely
beneficial than was expected. It has led by a natural se
quence of events to. an improvement of the whole sys
tem of Scottish education, and it is not unlikely the in
fluence will be felt even in England itself.
The direct and immediate result of the grant of aid
to university students was a large increase in the number
of applicants. To guard against the possibility of an ex
cessive number the standard of qualification for admis
sion to the universities was raised. . That in turn has led
to an advancement of the standards of instruction given
in the high schools. Thus from one department of the
system of public education to another the influences of
the gift have been diffused until now almost every section
of Scotland enjoys some benefit from them.
The total income derived from the trust amounts in
round numbers to $500,000, and of that amount upward of
$250,000 is allotted for payment of university fees for de
serving students. Last year something like $220,000 of
that sum was claimed and paid out, so that it is clear
something must be done to check the demand. The
trustees have decided to raise the standard of admission,
especially in the medical schools, and it is expected a fur
ther elevation of the standard will be made in the near
future, so that Scottish universities will ere long hold 1
very high rank so far as the standards of matriculation
are concerned.
Of the students directfy benefited by the fund the re
port of the executive committee says: "The number of
beneficiaries for the winter session 1903-04, under the
system of paying students' fees, is 3027, an increase of
160 over the number for the previous winter session. The
cost was £30,510 153, and as during the summer session
of 1903 the payments for 1755 students had amounted to
£13,569 12s id, the total for the two sessions under this
head has been £44,080 7s. The comnmtee record with
pleasure that six' students have during the year volun
tarily refunded the fees paid for them by the trust to tha
amount of £72 2s."
In addition to the aid given to students the universi
ties derive of course other benefits from the sums
granted annually toward the maintenance of libraries,
the construction of new buildings, the equipment of
laboratories, the granting of scholarships and funds for
original research. Of such grants during the past year it
is said: "For library purposes each university has re
ceived £1000, and £2400 has been allowed for provisional
assistance; but a large part of the grants offered for
buildings and permanent equipment and for teaching
endowments remains unclaimed. The committee, how
ever, expect that during the current year expenditure
under these heads will be considerably increased. The
grants already claimed for building and equipment
amount to £7725. Among other sums paid ore £6200
toward teaching endowments and £1828 for five fel
lowships and fifteen scholarships, with grants of varying
amount to fifty applicants. The outlay under this latter
head for the academic year 1903-04 is estimated at £3524,
of which the remainder will be paid this year. The trust
has purchased for £10,000 the laboratory of the Royal
College of Physicians of Edinburgh, on the understand
ing that the College of Physicians and the College of
Surgeons continue their present respective annual con
tributions; two representatives of the trust are added
to the laboratory committee. This is in connection with
the trustees' scheme for the endowment of post-graduate
study and research."
CARNEGIE'S SCOTTISH FUND.
You may scorn her, but what is the use?
The Goose
Is a need in our lives. I aver
That there isn't a creature on earth that
is worth
The respect we should proffer to her.
Could we sleep without her at our ease.
if you please?
Could we feast, without roasting her
brown?
No, no! Since by stuffing her up we sup.
And slumber by stuffing her down.'
— Harper's Magazine.
For instance, the Stork one ignores, or
ha- bores
The aye ra«re woman or man:
They think that the properest place for
his grace
Is'a Japanese teapot or fan.
The infant-itcsimal charge isn't large
That he brings to his customers. Still
Whatever its size, don't resent or repent
What he neatly puts down in hi3 bill:
I claim I'm the first on the ground to
propound
That birds, whether singers or screech
ers.
Are entitled to rank with the rest and
the best
Of otir eloquent, ethical preachers;
And 1 think that I should be allowed to
be proud —
You surely don't need to be told
That, without any doubt, both my words
and my birds
Shut Audubon out in the cold!
Birds.
It is gratifying to note that plans, if not specifications,
have been made for the beautification of San Francisco
as a municipality. It is extremely difficult to suggest
another place where opportunity for such a campaign is
richer or where the field is more desirable. We have
the topography for one of the most beautiful cities in
the world. Let us make it what it should be-.
Who shall we pity— the guilty, or the
innocent victims that are being done
to death in such enormous numbers
every year?
I took no part in the lynching of
the Rugg'.es brothers, stage robbers,
which took place in Redding some years
ago, but I have never heard a good
citizen say that he was sorry the deed
had been done. Its good effects wer*
apparent. It is the only thing crimi
nals fear. They have no dread of the
"good boarding-house" in San Quentin
or Folsom; it is as good a home as a
lazy man wants. My soul is sick to
the point of disgust when I see the
apathy of the public to the carnival of
crime in our midst. Evidently our Jury
system should be revised— nine men
should give a verdict in every case and
no appeal should be allowed except for
the admission of new evidence.
Yours for the public welfare and
safety. A. M. GOODNOUGH.
Chief Crowley was so delighted that
he granted Conboy a month's leave of
absence and on his return made him
a sergeant of police.
A capture of 53000 worth ; of
smuggled opium in Chinatown at 4
o'clock one cbSd, wet morning was
considered at the time. of its occur
rence to be one of the neatest Jobs
accomplished by a single police officer
in the history of the department. This
capture was made by Officer Michael
Joseph Conboy, now a lieutenant in
the police force. Conboy received a
handsome reward from the Federal
Government for the capture and the
thanks of the Treasury Department in
Washington. .
At the time of the incident Conboy
was doing patrol duty in Chinatown.
One old, jiried-up Mongolian on Com
mercial street was profuse in his
praise of the gentle manner in which
the officer performed his duty. Time
and again he would invite the patrol
man into his store and treat him to
a choice brand of cigars. On one. oc
casion *ie offered him a present in
money, which was declined with
thanks.
The witty officer came to the con
clusion that the Chinaman's gener
osity had a motive behind it and to
arrive at this he decided to keep a
sharp lookout' on the store. The in
coming of a tramp Chinese steamer
gave Conboy the tip to keep his eyes
open. He therefore hid himself on
the veranda of a store opposite the
Chinaman's place 1 on the night in
question. About 3:30 a. m., when the
wind was howling at the rate of forty
miles an hour and the rain coming
down in torrents, an express wagon
turned the corner of Kearny street
and drove up Commercial," where it
stopped In front of the Chinaman's
store. The cunning Mongolian was up
waiting the arrival and as soon as the
wagon stopped the iron doors were
thrown open and six boxes were has
tily carried from the wagon and de
posited behind a tier of tea chests-
Just then Conboy stepped into the
surprised circle, seized the contraband
opium and arrested the driver and the
cunning Chinaman.
His Wit.
prison population increases every year, and every year
our prisons discharge upon the community thousands of
unreformed men." Each of , these becomes a center of
corruption of others, a missionary of crime, unless the
community take charge of him and leave him no excuse
for living by offenses* against others. It is a serious
question, with many appalling features, but few men
think seriously of it, and" most of the efforts to meet it
are merely theoretical, when some practical plan is
granted the chance.
Penology is beginning to grow weaker on the subject
of the use of prisons as reformatories. By law most of
the State penitentiaries are forbidden to have industries
in which convicts may learn a trade, and get the reform
atory effects of occupation. Idleness is evil, in prison
and out,'' and is the most effectual bar to reform. Our
part of the -employer, and offered every opportunity to
lead , a right life to the man. But it was vain, for .he
proves to be a recidivist, and has robbed the man who
gave him the opportunity to live honestly.
Such cases are sad, for they prove that there exists
in some men a criminal instinct that is like an incurable
disease. Its presence can only be known by experiment,
and no one should be (deterred from helping the next ex
convict to live honestly because the last one failed. We
are sure that the philanthropic gentleman whose confi
dence has been betrayed will not refuse to help another
on that account. As experiment only can detect the
recidivist, the indeterminate sentence, especially for
crimes against property, is a proper policy. Such sen
tence with the parole system protects the man who has
yielded to temptation and has not in him the germ of
chronic criminality, and it affords the mean3 of sifting
out the recidivists from those who will live honestly if
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor . ... ... .r... Address AU. Communications to JOHN HcNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office .....1... > <J^^^^^ > ••.•••• Third and Market Streets, & P.
FRIDAY . . •. / '.: . .. .MARCH 25, 1904
A CONVICT at Folsom aided the prison authori
ties during the prison break of last summer, at
the risk of his life; and was properly pardoned
by the Governor. Major Weinstock of Sacramento
showed his consistency and the sincerity of his: humane
principles lay giving the man employment in his business,
where his surroundings' were moral and he was treated
with confidence. This was a commendable, act on the
A RECIDIVIST.
He admits that "his energy is stupendous" and takes
the risk of informing his left hand of the conduct of the
right by. admitting that he is the most charitable person
he ever met. The work closes with a quotation from
ex- Vice President Stevenson that "Hearst is a name to
conjure with wherever Democrats are gathered." Yes
indeedy! v
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
8La borer Fatally Injured.
Pedro Martinez, a native of Mexico,
There Is Only One in the World.
Neither words, nor pictures, -nor
dreams, have yet described for man the
.awful grandeur of the Grand Canyon of
vVrizona. Yet a stopover on a trip to the
World's Fair or to Chicago is enough to
see it for one's self. If interested, ask
about it at 641 Market street, San Fran
cisco. .
The only way Is Santa Fe — the train,
Ihe "Calif ornia . Limited." •
Refugio Medina, a native of Mexico,
28 years old, and her five children ar
rived from Manzanillo, Mexico, on
March 17 on the steamship Colima. In
vestigation by United States Immigrant
Inspector A- de la Torre showed a state
of facts calling for the deportation of
the family on the ground that they
were likely to become a public charge.
The woman has a sister here, the owner
of a sailor boarding-house at SCO Bran
nan street, but as the Immigration of
ficials found that the immigrant was
not a person of good moral character
it was determined to send her back to
Mexico on the Colon, which will sail on
Saturday of. this week.
The children are three girls of the
ages of 13 years, 3 years and 7 months,
and two boy.«, one 11 years and the
other 5 years oW
Inspector De la Torre Reports That
They Arc Ukely to Become a.
Public Charge.
Frank Delosa. a saloon-keeper at
Montgomery avenue and Broadway,
surrendered himself at the Central po
lice station yesterday and was'booked
at the City Prison on a charge of libel.
He wa3 released on J250 cash bail. The
complaining witness is D. Locapo, 162S
Powell street, who alleges In a com
plaint sworn to before Police Judge
Fritz that Delosa libeled him in a com
munication published In La Voce del
Popolo on February 29 regarding
Italian fishermen sent to Alaska.
Arrested for Libel.
United States Circuit Judge Mor
row yesterday dismissed the suit
brought by Angelo Brizzolara against
Justice of the Peace J. H. Pryor of
Sausalito to recover $2000 damages
and costs for false imprisonment. The
defendant had demurred to the com
plaint on the ground that the. United
States Circuit Court had jurisdiction
In suits Involving more than % 2000, ex
clusive of costs, and had no jurisdic
tion In suits for S2000 or. under. Briz
zolara was arrested for failing to ap
pear when summoned as a Juror in
Justice Pryor's court. He claimed
that he was a subject of the King of
Italy and therefore exempt from jury
duty and' that he was damaged* to the
extent of ,$2000 by reason of his ar
rest and 'detention. ,
Had Ills Lawyer Asked for One Cent
More the Complaint Would Have
• "Been Good.
3IEXICAX WOMAX AND HER
FIVE CHILDREN DEPORTED
BRlZZOLiARA'S SUIT IS
THROWN OUT OF COURT
Cheek Was Worthless.
P. H. Hink. Faloon-keeper, 17 City
Hall avenue, secured a warrant from
Judge Cabanifs yesterday for the ar
rest of Edward J. Labor on a charge
uf passing a fictitious check. Hink al
leges that on February 27 he cashed a
check for Labor -on the Merchants Na
tional Bank. I.os Ange!es. for $20,
sijrned "Thomas K. Brush" and the
check was returned to him with the in
formation that no such person had an
account with the bank.
The police have been notified by the
Los Angeles authorities that they in
tend to send back Joseph Stark, as
they cannot do anything with him. He
•was arrested for making threats
against H. E. Huntingdon. Stark es
caped from the Branch County Jail on
January T, 1902. He had been sen
tenced to serve six months on charges
of carrying a concealed weapon and
petty larceny in September. 1901. and
had only one more month to serve.
Stork to Be Ilctnraed.
The State Board of Prison Directors
met yesterday afternoon in the offices
of Prison Director Fitzgerald at 530
California street- The meeting was
held In this city, owing to the inability
of some of the members of the board
to go to San Quentin. No business of
importance was transacted.
The board was to have given its
consideration to the expert's report
made, after a thorough perusal of
the prison books at San Quentin, but
a lack of time prevented the matter
being brought up. Many bills were
audited. The price of jute bags was
fixed at $5 40 and the limit to be sold
to any one individual purchaser was
fixed at 5000 baes.
A representative of the Central Gas
and Electric Corporation was present
to explain the doubling of the light
bill for San Quentin prison during the
last month. The ordinary bill for
lighting ia $500. Last month it was
raised to $1200. The light company
promised to look into the matter and
rectify the bill if wrong and if not to
show the board why the price had
been raised.
Matters relating to the establish
ment of a light and power plant at
Folsom prison were discussed, but
nothing definite was done. Prison Di
rector Fitzgerald said that if the pris
on at San Quentin was to pay $1200
a month for light the prison board
would install Its own lighting plant.
Board Declares That if Corr>oration
Does Not Reduce Usut Hill They
Will Establish Plant.
PRISON DIRECTORS FIX
PRICK OF JUTE BAGS
Peter Nagle Sr. filed an affidavit in
the proceedings, in which he averred
he would have asked for the appoint
ment of an attorney to defend the
suit but for the fa'ct that Judge Cof
fey, when he came into court, refused
to give him a hearing.
Charles J. Nagle of the Nagle law
offices lost a little bit of his practice
in Judge Coffey's court yesterday. He
was relieved of the arduous duty of
defending the estate of Elizabeth
Boyne against a suit for the foreclo
sure of a mortgage brought by Dr.
H. C. Conradt. To Attorney W. F.
Humphrey was given the task, he
having shown that Xagle had been
lax in his duty as attorney for the ex
ecutor of Mrs. Bo3 - ne's will.
The history of Xagle's connection
with the estate of Mrs. Boyne is de
cidedly interesting. Some time prior
to her death Mrs. Boyne gave James
Nagle a note for $2500, securing its
payment by a mortgage on realty.
Upon her death she left a wiir-vjn
which James Nagle is named as ex
ecutor, devising her property to rela
tives in Ireland, several religious in
rtitutions. Rev. P. C. Yorke. Rev. H.
H. Wyman and Rev. Terence Caraher.
It was after the will was admitted to
probate that the note came into evi
dence. In Judge Cook's court Peter
Nagle Sr., father of James, to whom
the note had been assigned, presented
it as a claim against the estate. James
admitted, as executor, that the note
was a valid one and Judge Cook ap
proved it. On learning that James
Nagle, the executor of Mrs. Boyne's
will, had an interest in the note para
mount to that of his father, the hold
er of the note, he set aside his ap
proval and disallowed the claim.
After this proceeding Nagle senior
took the note over to Oakland, where
he assigned it to one Thomas "Moran.
Moran held it for a while and then
assigned it to Dr. H. C. Conradt. who
brought a suit to have the mortgage
foreclosed.
" Fathers Wyman. Yorke and Cara
her feared judgment by default would
be obtained against the estate, for
Charles Nagle, brother of Executor
James Nagle. ! whose attorney he is
and son of Peter Nagle Sr., took no
steps to defend the estate against the
suit. The clergymen retained Lent &
Humphrey to look after their inter
ests, with the result that James Nagle
was cited to r^oear to show cause
why he did not* obtain the services of
an attorney to defend the sut
At the hearing of the order yester
day it was very apparent that the Na
icle family. James, Charles and Peter
Sr.. did not stand, very well in the
court. Charles Nagle was placed on
the witness stand and started to ex
plain his connection with the case, but
the court decided that no explanation
was needed and granted, after a very
short session, the petition for the ap
pointment of a lawyer to defend the
suit. : ,
According to the bank's complaint
Purrington was simply the tool of At
torney George D. Collins and Charles
H. Robinson, one of the heirs of the
Robinson estate. The bank alleged that
In order to defraud it out of its interest
in property on Howard street, near
Twenty-second, part of the Robinson
estate, Collins and Robinson procured
the appointment of Purrington as ad
ministrator. Then, it was alleged, Rob
inson and Collins filed a suit against
the estate for a claim of $2700 put for
ward by Robinson. Judgment was ob
tained by default, Purrington failing to
appear and defend the suit, with the
result that Robinson obtained a lien
upon realty already the property of the
bank. All knowledge of the bank's
claim, it was alleged, was fraudulently
concealed from the court.
The suit of the Hibernia Bank for
the remboval of C. W. Purrington as
administrator of the estate of the late
Caroline Robinson was decided by;
Judge Coffey yesterday, and an order
removing Purrington was made. In the
findings of the court it was not decided
that Purrington had been guilty of the
charges of conspiracy and fraud pre
ferred against him by j the bank, but
simply that he was "guilty of negli
gence of so grave a character that his
removal was Justified."
This settlement practically leaves un
disturbed all the provisions of C!unie's
¦will except the clauses pertaining to
the residue. Mrc. Clunie will retain the
Sacramento property devised to her
ar.d the family homestead. The title to
the warehouse property in Sacramento
Is vested in Andrew Clunie. and Jack
Clunie is the owner of the Clunie build-
Ing In this city.
• At the re^uc-ft of Andrew J. Clunie
the petition of the trustees of the estate
of his brother, Thomas J. Clunie, for
partial distribution to them of the trust
created in Clunie's .will for the benefit
of "Jack" Clunie. the adopted son of
the deceased, was stricken from the
calendar yesterday. This action is the
final step in bringing to an end the con.
tost of the will of Clunie warred for a
time by the former Congressman's
widow, and Is* a confirmation of the
compromise effected between the widow
and the heirs some weeks ago.
Under the compromise Mrs. Clunie
will receive 5150.000 besides the realty
devised tt* her in the will, making her
interest in the estate worth about $450,
000. Of the JliO.OOO she gained by her
contest $115,000 will come from the half
of, the residue of the estate bequeathed
to Jack Clunie, the balance to be paid
by Andrew Clunie, to whom was de
vised the other half of the residue.
After deducting from the estate the
portions devised to the children of An
drew Clunie and to his brothers, there
will be left about $750,000 for Andrew
and Jack Clunie. The boy will receive
cut of this sum about $500,000 and An
drew the balance.
Latest Step of Litigants
Removes All Obstacles to
Probate of Large Estate
Holds Vigorous Defense Is
Necessary in Suit to Fore
close Mortgage on Realty
M. Aubert. the landlord's agent and
the manager of the tenement house,
snys it is not so much a question cf
rent as of the trouble the helpless old
man makes. "His habitB are filthy and
we are constantly in dread of his start
ing a fire in his rooms, where he in
sists on trying to cook."
An inspection of the room confirmed
Aubert's statement. The place was full
of old boxes and other Junk, and on a
table, in tho midst of the Utter, stood
two oil cans. Old Louis insisted that
he was always careful in lighting his
fire, but It is probably luck that has
saved him from burning himself up be
fore this. Aubert, however, consented
to his remaining until to-day in order
that friends who are trying to find a
place for the old man may save him
from the Almshonse.
Old Louis Pontillo, once a familiar
figure on the streets of the Barbary
Coast, where for half a century he told
fortunes and peddled wares of the-
Cheap John sort, Is to be evicted this
afternoon from the squalid rooms at
605 Broadway that have known no
other tenant during the last" twenty
five years. Blind now and fallen on
evil days, the apred Mexican has not
been able to pay his rent for six months
and yesterday a writ of possession was
issued by Justice Van Xostrand. di^
rectinsr the Sheriff to eject the impov
erished fellow in default of payment of
$24 due to his landlord, P. Marsicano,
the rich salt manufacturer and real
estate owner. To these arrears of rent
is added the sum of $4 costs of the
proceedings. Pontillo can pay neither
the $4 nor the $24. "I am busted, sure,"
says he.
The old man was born in the City of
Mexico seventy-five years ago, accord
ing to his own story, but he looks even
older. He came to California at the
age of fifteen and remembers San
Francisco when it was merely a mis
sion settlement and the argonauts had
not begun to dream of it. For a quar
ter of a century he has been paying $4
a month for the use of the same room
in the tenement-house wnich he must
now leave. Five years ago his eyu
sight began to fail him and he is bare
ly able to distinguish light from dark
ness. A woman: did It, says old Loui*
"No. I dare not tell you her name,'
he protested, trembling at the very
notion. "Why, she would kill me at
once if I told who she was. She thougnt
I was rich and said if I did not give
her money she would make me blind.
She wouldn't believe that I had noth
ing, and so she bewitched me. Now I
can hardly see at all. v
"They want to turn me out of my
room, but I won't go. They'd like to
send me to the Almshouse. They kill
people down. there and I am not ready
t<i be killed. So I am Just going to
stay here. No, I cannot pay the rent,
but I have been paying rerit so long
they ought to let me stay here till I
die."
Declares That He Will Be
Murdered if Sent to the
City's Refuge for the Poor
Makes Charges. Accusing
Deposed Officer of , At
tempting to Commit Fraud
BANK CAUSE OF ORDER
FEAliS THE ALMSHOUSK
NAMES W. F. HUMPHREY
Cigars and Silks Seized.
Two hundred and fifty cigars,
twelve silk capes and twenty-four silk
flags were seized on the steamer Cop
tic by customs searchers yesterday as
smuggled goods.
FINAL ACT IX CONTEST
Judge Coffey Grants Motion
to Strike From Calendar
Petition of the Trustees
Judge Coffey Peremptorily
Decides Estate of 3Irs.
E. Boyne Xeeds a Lawyer
Louis Pontillo, Aged 'Mexi
can Tort line Teller, to
Be Evicted for Bent Due
Judge Coffey Finds C, W.
Ptirringtori to Have Been
Guilty ' of Negligence
The suit for damages brought by
Maria I.. Ekstrom against the United
Railroads and Overland Freight Trans
fer Company which has been on trial
in Judge Graham's court for several
days was compromised yesterday, Mrs.
Ekstrom accepting the offer of $100<j
mado by the defendants. She sued for
$50,000 damages for the death of her
son, "William, who died from the result
of injuries he received in a collision be
tween a Fourth-street car and a dray
owned by the transfer company.
Mrs. Ekstrom Compromi.-^s Suit.
SAYS A WITCH
BLINDED HIM
COURT REMOVES
ADMINISTRATOR
CLUNIE CASE
OUT OF COURT
aged 38 years, died yesterday morning
at 413 Filbert street of injuries re
ceived in a fall last Tuesday while en
gaged in demolishing an old building
on Market street. He was a laborer
and married.
NAGLE FAMILY
GETS WORSTED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH .25, 1904.
9
VULUlVlSi A LEMON THEM
carries all aobxs
as to the charm
of the delightful comedy which
HASY
Is now pre^entln*
under the titla of
HOHEYMOOS.
By I_«o Dltrichsteia.
This Week and
Nert Week.
aflATIITEE SATTTBDAT.
Seats for next
week now ready.
Comin* — AXNA HELD.
TIV0USS5&
A TBimm OP MIBTH AJTD iEELODT
First ¦ Production In fan Francisco of
Mr. Pickwick
A Musical Comedy in Two Acts. Based oo
Charles Dickers' Masterciecs.
Initial Appearance H«r* of
Dora de Fillippe
Tb- Eminent Lyrte Soprano.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
Usual Popular Prices 23c. 50c and 733
Proscenium and Mezzanine Box Seats $1-00
ALCAZAR, ixsa
_____ General Uanaxsr.
AT 8 TO-HXOHT — Mats. Sa^ aad Boa.
Last Week but One of
"Wajrntr'* Impressive Miracls Tlay,
...PARSIFAL..
STJTESB STAGE PICTURES.
th» music by an orchestra of Twenty.
Erg*.. 25c to Jl. Mats. Sat. A Sun.. 2So to 73a.
EASTEB XOHSAY— OK TZS QTJTET.
CENTRAL*!?
Market street, near EJxhth. Pbon* South 833.
. TO-SIQKT
BBITT-COEBETT riOHT BETintJtS
READ FROM STAGE.
X7NTT0XM SAHX K. OP P. WIGHT.
EXHIBITION DRILL BY
5. T. DULL CORPS. XT. &. X. O7 P.
In Addition to th« Marniflcent Sp«cttcular
Melodrama.
hi THE KING OF III
III DETECTIVES III
DOirCC Erenings, 10c to 60c.
rKlWEJ MaUnee«. 10c. 13c. 25c
GILLO'S ARTESTO,
MOVING PICTURES SHOWING BP.rTT AND
YOUNG CORBETT TRAINING. AND A
GREAT SHOW.
Erery Afternoon and Evenlasf la Ui«
. Theater.
ENJOY. YOURSELF IN CARABET T3B LA
MORT.
ANIMALS FROM ALL CLtMES IN THE ZOO.
uqTTHE MYSTIC MIRROR MAZE.
Take a TRIP DOWN THE FLUME.
Admission. 10c; ChUdren. 5c.
When Ph»nlng Ask for "The CButsa.'
Raci[i|!^^^^fiaci(i|!
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
NSW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
Racine Each Week Day. Rata or Shlaa.
Six or More Races Daily.
Races cemmence at 2:13 p. m. shar>
FoTsMctai train* stopptn* at tb* trmek talu»
K. P FerrFTfoot o* Mark.t str^t. at IX Ud«,
1-00L l:S0 or 2 o'clock. No smoking la U»ttw.
i_j£ \ihlcn art reaerred tor ladle. aa4 tkat*
*^2Srnte« train. leaT. track at 4A» aa«
«:•» ard tmtn«dlat«ry art«r th» last __*_••
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. Presfcteafc
pyrpCT W. TRKAT. Iwmtary.
fhelfe^y Call,
*- ' 61 per* Year*
2TEW ADVEBTISEHENTS.
TEE WKOSTt DIAGNOSIS
Prompt! the Uic of Worthless Remedies.
Even an experienced pnj'sieian w ju
pometiines make a mistake In diagnosis,
in which event his entire treatment Is
wasted and may even be injurious to the
patient.
The advocates of all other hair resto-
ratives save Herpicidc have wrongrly di-
agnosed the cause of dandruff and fall-
ing hair.
They figure on a functional disease,
whereas It is now known and generally
scripted that hair loss is due to a para-
sitic germ which Newbro's Herpicide de-
stroys.
There is no substitute for Herpicide,
accept none. - '
Sold by leading druggists. Send 10c In
stamps for sample to The Herpldde Co..
Detroit, Mich.
CASTOR I A
• Tor Infants and Children.
The Kind You Hare Always Bought
Bears th* /^.y^f^
Sigoatore of L^vz/^^/X /<<C£c/uA&
AMUSEMENTS.
La Belle Guerrero;
Taffary's Dogs; Billy CUfTcml and Ade-
llna Hoatlino and Clara Stevens.
Last Times of KMMETT CORRI-
GAX COMPANY, PresentinjC
••Jockey Jones"; Nichols Sisters:
Loncy Haskell; Montell Brothers
and Orphcum Motion Pictures,
Showing Young Corbett and Britt
Training.
Regular Matinees every Wednesday. Thurs-
day. Saturday and Sunday. Prices. 10c, 23c j
and 5fic. i
£* £3 LAPT 3 TIME?.
U ONLY MATINEE
It viS I TO-MORROW.
gfiiu- Mary of
rSnl/o Magdala
3 H^w sf ran next week
1 SUftU Kedda Gabler,
CALIFORNIA
LAST TWO NIGHTS.
MATINEE TO-MORROW.
[NORTH LAW DSI H G ER^^acp^^
C3 ¦ Q B Vft 9W6Q vli
SUNDAY — The "World's Greatest Marvel,
ANNA EVA FAY
Special Matlnffs Wednesday and Saturday.
FOR LADIES ONLY.
LET I SHOW/
US I YOU
WHAT WE HAVE THIS WEEK.
And This la the Last Week. Remember, ot
=r=TI-ie ROUNDERS
A Musical Comedy With Laughs
And an "All Star" Cast, Includlnc Richard
F Carroll. John P. K»nn«dy. John Peachey,
Ben T. Dillon, IW*p Russrll, Nellie Lynch.
RESERVED SEATS— Nights. 25c. We 75c
Saturday and Sunday Matinees 25c and SOc
Children at Matinees. 10c and 23c.
NEXT MONDAY NIGHT.
i KISMET
V Very Funny Musical Comedy With All
Laughs. First Appearance of LIZZIE DERI-
OUS DALY.
Seats Nctt on Sale.
Doctor'sDaughteFs'
Horse Show.
AT RIDERS* CLUB BUILDINO.
AT SEVENTH AVENUE AND C STREET.
RICHMOND DISTRICT,
FRIDAY EVENING, March 25, at 8 o'clock
Matinee Saturday, March 26, at 1:30 p. b.
Tickets on sale at Sherman Jb Clay's music
I store.
ADMISSION— EVENING. $2: MATINEE, fl;
v't-.- " CHILDREN. 50c.
yrr«{7|TT-T. a irBnini AJSTTSZXXS3TT8.
Richard Wagner
LECTURE RECITALS— LYRIC HALL. BY,
MRS. RAYM0.1D BROWN, Pianists
TO-NIOHT— "DIE MEISTERSINOER."
TO-MORROW MATINEE— LAST LECTURE,
••PARSIFAL."
SEATS— Me. T5c. $1.00.
AT SHERMAN. CLAY * CO.'S.
SPRING FLOWER SHOW.
TWENTIETH EXHIBITION
at ttM
California State CTorml Society
Will be held la th«
GRAND NAVE of tb« FEARY BUILDINO.
Ban Francisco. .
THURSDAY. FRIDAY and SATURDAY,
* March 24. 25 and 2H. 1904.
Open from 10 a. ra. to 10 p. m.
Music Evenings. -
[ - J.)*'g ¦;';." ADVERTISEMENTS.. " : ' - ' . "'-;-^.^
ATJ T J EB' J :iSEHENT3 k
BSKA hT 5i IL E" •¦ jl
K*a Era B*<9 B1 fifl {S3
i| Evaporated W
H Cream m
|H always bears the above cap J||
I§| label. It means the samefjfl
i&n as telling you _ that we
ISfi back up its purity with a Egi
gPl $5,000 guarantee. I|i *
raS Made by the largest pro- rag
Jgja ducers of Evaporated Eggi
Cream in the world. f|||__i
HOTELS AND RESORTS.
(New)HOTELBUTLER
SEATTLE.
REMODELED AND REBUILT at expenie
Of J260.CC0— New Manatement— ENTIRELY
FIREPROOF. *
LOCATION— Very uecM»ible'= to street car
lines, theaters, etc EUROPEAN PLAN.
22.1 ROOMS with LUXURIOUS BATHS —
Several private rooms in antique decorations.
Turkish Baths (n Hotel.
UNRURPASSED RESTAURANT. De Stel-
fer. Chef, formerly of Waldorf- Astoria and
Chef to ' Prince of" Wales.
HOTEL -ORCHESTRA: Telephone Connec-
tions In every room; long distance connection!
made with any part of the coast.
Wire for reservation*, at our expense. ' :
j BUTLER HOTEL. SeattU.
Pa.arp don't fail to
I aia\Jy te e the beautiful
j COURT Lounging
/inn room, the EM PIRE
ailU PARLOR, tho
r j PALM ROOM, th«
III"/. fill LOUIS XV PAR-
ui aim LOR^ znd the LA .
n -i il dies' writing
Botels gQpM-
MISCELLAWEOUS AMUSEMXHT3.
BASEBALL!
Seattle vs. San Francisco
' AT RECREATION (PARK.
EIGHTH AND " HARRISON STREETS.
THUnSUAV and FRIDAY.. 3:30 p. m.. and
SATURDAY. :« p. m.; SUNDAY,' 2:30 p. m.
ADVANCE SALE SEATS. 3 Stockton at.
¦• v . : ' . .WASHINGTON. .March 24— A cablegram
received at the State Department to-day from
United States -Minister v Powell, dated Santo
Domingo, March 20, says that the Government
forces have . recaptured • Samana. ¦ •..;
SAN JOSE, March 241— This city is
becoming famous- for producing -ball
players- and the managers of the va
rious- teams, on .the .coast, are. rapidly
securing the ; best men on the local
diamond.-- . La$t ; week'.fManager.'Mor
ley, of the. Los Angeles league 'team
signed' Hal. Chase : of the Mayer Bros.'
team.. Elmer Emerson, "pitcher, and
Al'Earl;; catcher, signed, to-days with
the Victoria," B.'C.,'. team for- the sea
son.- William Whelan has signed with
the.W.'P. Fullers of San Francisco;
Managers Sign San Jose Players
WASHINGTON, March 24.— The Sen
ate to-day confirmed the following
nominations: Norman Hutchinson, Cal
ifornia, secretary of legation at Ca
racas, Venezuela: Edward ' Winslow
Ames, Massachusetts. 1 secretary; of le
gation at Santiago, Chile; Edward R.
Stackable, ' Hawaii/Collector of Cus
toms, District of. Hawaii.
Senate Confirms Nominations.
M. Millereve (Nationalist) 'severely
arraigned Premier Combes, claiming ho
was, putting* through a \ measure which
was anti-French, anti-republican and
aatl-national. ; ! -—¦¦-
PARIS. March 24.— The Chamber of
Deputies was very. animated to-day and
the galleries were crowded in anticipa
tion of the possible passage of the Gov
ernment bill for the <. suppression or
teaching by all classes, of the religious
orders. The opposition temporarily
abandoned its obstructivetactics.' The
committee having charge of the bill ac
cepted an amendment of M. "Rabier
(Radical Socialist) striking articles 4
to 12out, thus simplifying the measure
and giving, promise of 1 an early con
clusion'of the debate. ... -
SEVERELY; ARRA1GXS
THE FRENCH PREMIER
BERLIN'. Marrh 2«.— Crown Princ* FrH<r-
Ick William «n>i hts hroth»r«, rrince Eitfl
and Prince Adelbrrt. took leave to- day of »lx
teen of fleers and 400 mtn under th« comtnani
of Major ' H»y<1<v who departed tar Q«nn*a
South Afrlc* to-«Uy.- -,
Spec!ar\£>ispatch to Tha Call.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. March
24. — The class of 1905 began the cele
bration of Junior day this evening with
the presentation of the junior farce in
Assembly Hall. The play, a musical
comedy, was written by Merle H.
Thorpe. : '05, and is entitled "The Man
From Mizzoury." The . production was
a success and reflected considerable
credit on the author. Local color and
clever songs added spice to the comedy
and. in- fact its merit depended largely
on those elements.
The play centered around the attempt
of Charley Hardrun, the man from
Mizzoury, to "cut a wide swath in- the
Stanford social world on an allowance
of ?25 per month.' While endeavoring
to do this he Incurs a large indebted
ness, his father comes out to visit him
and complications follow. From the^e
difficulties he is extricated by
James Easystreet, a college chum.
"While the title role was very well
taken by ."Al Trowbridge ("05) E. R.
May (!06) played the' leading part as
Deacon, Timothy Hardrun. father of the
man from Mizzoury, and was easily
Mishaps, in "a Steeplechase.
LONDON, March 24.— An extraor
dinary series of mishaps ocurred dur
ing the Stanley steeplechase at Liv
erpool to-day. Ten horses started
and they all fell. They begun tum
bling at the first fence ! and continued
so until only one.^Crlenmore, was left.
Glenmore fell twice, but, was pluckily
remounted : and "alone. •" 'His
rider, came in covered with blood and
most of the other jockies sustained in
juries,: some, requiring stitches. ' Half
the fences were I demolished \ and must
be : rebuilt ! for the Grand National to T
morrow.; . . -
King Edward, who is the: guest of
the Earl of Derby at Knowlsley Park,
Prescott, will attend the Grand Na
tional to see his candldate/'Ambush II,
which is a warm favorite,* run.'
, Second race, six ' furlongs — Boomeraclc won,
Joe Martin second. Sweet Dream third. Tim*,
1:1C»£. ¦
Third race, seven furlonss, selling — Tennea
aeean won. Porauol Pas -second, Balm of
Gilcad third. Time. l:31>i-
Fourth race, mile, Arkansas * Derby, $1000
added — Ralph Touns won.*. Rainland second,
Barley third. Time. 1 :45}4.
-Fifth race, , mile and seventy yards— St.
Tammany wen, Caithness second, KIngstelle
third. Time, l:48»fc. . . ,
; Sixth race, one and an .eighth miles — Inspec
tor Shea won. Bugle Horn second. Sister.Lil
lian third. Time, : 1:59. .. .
First race, four furlongs, purse — Courant
won, John Barbe second. Netting third. Time,
:52.-, ¦ ¦ > ' . .
LITTLE ROCK. Ark., March 24.— Clinton
Park' results:
Racing at Little Rock.
Merle H. -Thorpe's Musical
• Comedy Is Produced by
Clever Stanford Students
JUNIOR FARCE
IS PRESENTED
Men's singles— R. W. Lemon of En
senada won; A. ,B. Daniels of Coro
nado second.
Ladies' singles— Mrs. Arthur -Munn
of Coronado won; Mrs. Yates of La
Jolla' second:
Mixed, foursomes — Mr. and Mrs.
Daniels of Coronado won; Mrs. Munn
and Mr. McMahon' second. "
While away the golfers were the
guests of the Ensenada Golf Club and
of Manager J. H. Packard of the Low
er California Development Company.
SAN DIEGO. March 24. — The nine
teen golf players, members of the San
Diego, Coronado and La Jolla country
clubs, who went to Ensenada, Mexico,
a week ago to participate, in a golf
tournament on the grounds of the En
senada Club, returned to this city high
ly elated because of. the pleasant trip.
The tournament was a success. The
results follow:
Nineteen Players Spend a Pleasant.
Time as the Guests of the
Ensenada Club.
Junior day Is the N^inninjc of tho
mldsemester recess 'of ten days. Col
lege work^vlllho resumed on April. 4.
Junior day festivities will be con
cluded to-morrow .nlgnt with th-»
"Prom," the class dance, which will b»
held In the Hotel Vendors In San Josp
A special train and specially chartered
electric cars will carry the dancer?
from the campus to the hotel.
To-morrow will be Junior day, but
owing to the muddy condition of th»
track the annual inter-class Held day.
regularly held as a part of the Junlo
day festivities, will have to be post
poned. It will be held next Tuesday
weather permitting. To-morrow after J
noon the varsity nine will play cilf
Ireland's Independents on the varsitv
diamond, this feature of Junior day be
ing assured unless a heavy rain occurs
before the time the game is to be
played: v
The leading female characters were
Martha Davis, matron of Roble Ha'l
which was played by Miss Mercedes de
Luna ('05), and Dorothy Dukes, "nut
the least of Charley's troubles," which
was taken by Miss Alice Hayes C06)
B , ot £, you j? s ladies did -J*en. the acting
of Miss de Luna being particularly
clever.
One of the striking: features of the
play was the fRoble Guard" choru3
Ten young lady, members of the sopho
more and freshman classes were fetch
lngly attired as the guardians of Roble.
the girls' dormitory, and were cap
tained by Miss Kitty Clover. '07. it.
H. Lachmund, '06. appeared to" ad
vantage in the solo work in the mal
choruses.
the star of the cast C. H. Baker ('01)
as Jaznes Easystreet. a college optimist,
also aid some clever work.
AMERICAN GOLFERS RETURN
FROM THEIR MEXIOAN TRIP
Fifth race, mile and forty . yards— Rough
Rider won. Honolulu second, Bessie McCarthy
third. Time, 1:54.
Sixth race, about two miles, steeplechase —
Gum' Honey wen. Boney Boy second, Trinity
Belle third. Time. 4:20.
Fourth race, seven furlongs— Queen Eliza
beth won. Mammon second. General Steward
third. Time. 1:32 4-5. /
WASHINGTON, March 24.— The spring
meeting of the Washington Jockey Club began
at Bennliuts to-day. Results:
First race, six furlongs — Rain or Shine won,-
Toy San second, Gold Dome third. Time, 1:10.
Second race, Arlington purse, four furlongs —
Modred Law won, Fillsree second, Dulicibella
third. Time, :51 1-5.
Third race, Bennlngs Spring handicap, six
furlongs — Shrine won. Sals second, Ascenclon
third. Time, 1:17.
BenninKS 3Iectlnsr Opens.
A ninety-six dog- open stake will be
run at Ingleside Coursing Park to
morrow and Sunday. The draw last
night resulted in the greyhounds being
matched as follows:
Mark Twain vs. St. Conn, Sir TTInton vs.
Belfast. Eajfle vs. Cose^te. Swe*-t Locust vs.
Fenil, Redwood Lad vs. 'Clover Blossom, Med
dlesome vs. Silver Cloud, Toronto vs. Klla
May. Flower or Kerry vs. Ml AmlRO, Rose of
Gold vs. J. K. H., Young Johnny Rex vs.
Black Coon, Young Fearless vs. Foxhunter,
Crawford Belle vs. Golden Links, Money Musk
vs. Van Alba, Aurelia vs. Little Lucy, Sofala
vs. Tom Hurlick, Golden Light vs. Haphazard,
Ouidn, vs. Luxury. Walter O vs Lulu Girl,
Ragtime vs. Firm Fellow, Merry-Go-Round vs.
Una, »or» Pedro vs. Only Me, Oregon vs. Or
sina. Frisky Boy vs. Pasha Pleasant, Impe
rious vs. Ragged Actor, Haddington vs. Pre-
Bldio Boy. Aeitator vs. Frisco Lad, Irvington
Traloe vs. Fairy Belle, Jessie Dear, vs. Little
Plunder. Lily York vs. Hera, Royal Friend
vs. Ballendin*. Jerry Wright vs. -Wapsee. In
truder vp. Rusty Ax. Terra Cotta vs. Yellow
Tail, Vikine vs. Sliovenamon, Lucky Sham
rock vs. Conroy, Equator vs. Glaucus. . Van
Nora vs. Sea Lien, Joe Pasha vs. Doc Burns,
Emln Bay vs. Fannie Hughie, Fontenoy vs.
Gold Lily. Krishna vs. Northern Alarm, Reck
less. Acrobat vs. Wild Nora. Jlgamaroo va.
Full Moon. Prometheus vs. Commercial Trav
eler, "Wattles vs. Rcnezadn Apache, Drifting
Downward v». Mountain Echo, Vina vs. Prin
cess Savoy, Maid of the Glen vs. Bob R.
First Hound of the Meeting Will Be
Run To-Morrow — Result of
the Draw.
X1XJ0TY-SIX GREYIIOUXDS
IN IXGLKSIDE PARK STAKE
LOS ANGELES. March 24. — Dillon
did not play, but Los Angeles won the
first game of the season from Oakland
to-day by a score of 4 to 3. The crowd
of 3000 that went to Chutes Park this
afternoon certainly got the worth— of
the admission price.' They saw the
championship pennant for last season
hoisted by Mayor Snyder, attended by.
the two teams of ball players; watched
the city's chief executive pitch the first
ball, waited half an hour at the end of
the fourth inning for the rain to cease
and witnessed one of the most exciting
and stubbornly contested games ever
played on therMiome diamond. Los
Angeles Won because they batted
harder and earned their runs. With
an apparently safe lead in the open
ing of the ninth inning, two bases on
balls, an error and a hit came near
giving the victory to Oakland.
Both teams did fine work, but the
fielding of Deveraux of Oakland and
Flood, of Los Angeles overshadowed
the rest of it. Newton pitched in his
best form and struck out seven of the
opposing batters. Schmidt, however,
was hit by Flood, Ross, Smith and
Newton.
Oakland scored the first run in the
fourth on a triple by Dunleavy and an
error by Flood. Los Angeles went one
better in the last half of the fourth on
a double and a single and a base on
balls. They made one more in the
fifth on a double and a single and an
other in the eighth oh two singles and
an error by Schafly. Oakland went to
bat in the ninth needing three runs to
tie. Two bases on balls, an error by
Spies and a hit gave them two, but the
side was retired by a remarkably, fine
bit ofNlelding by Flood. Score:
Los AngeU& — Oakland —
A. R. H.P.A. A. R. II.P.A.
3ernd, cf 4 0 0 1 0 Ganley.rf 5 U 0 1 0
Flood. ?b 4^211' Frnks.ys 4-0 0-3 2
Smlth,3b 3 1 'J 1 1 KniRer.lf 4 0 0 0 0
S-'pies, lb .1 1 0 15 0 Cnlvy.cf 2 2 10 1
Cravth.rf 2 0 110 Schfly,2b 3 0 10 3
Ross. If . ,4 0 2 0 0 Etreib,lb 4 1 1 10 0
Toxnn.ss 2 0 114 Devrx.Sb 3 0 0 A 4
Kaeer.c. .30172 Boettsr.c 30064
Newln. p 3 0 1 0 *J Schmdt.p S 0 1 0 ti
•Mskmn. 10 0 O 0
Totals.2S 4 10 27 11 -
Totals.32 3 4 24 20
*Mosklman batted for Boettiger in ninth
lr.nlnz-
RUNS AND HITS BY INXINGS.
Lo« Anseles 0 0 0 2 0 1 0 1 'x— 4
Basfe hits 0-1.0 21-2 a 2 X — 10
Oakland" 0 0 0 1-0 O •© - 0 2 — »
Base hits 0 2 0 2 0 0 0 0 0 — 4
SUMMARY.
Stolen bases — Flood, Rcss, Schmidt. Errors —
Flood. Spiff*. Newton, Schafly. Three-base
hit — Dunieavy. Two-base hits — Smith. Ross,
Newton, Flood. Sacrifice hlte — Cravath,
Smith. First base on balls— Oft Schmidt, 3;
off Newton, 5. First base on errors — Los An-
Keie3 1. Left on basps — Oakland 7, Los An
geles 3. Struck out— Ey Schmidt, 5: by New
ton, 7. Double plays — Schmidt to Devereaux,
Devereaux to Strelb. Wild pitch — Newton.
Time of game — 1 hour 40 min. Umpire—O'Con
nell. "
• FRESNO, March 24.— On account
of rain, the baseball season opening
between the Tacoma and Portland
teams, scheduled for to-day, was post
poned until to-morrow.
Devereaux and Flood Are
the Stars of the
Opening Day.
The boxers will- weigh in at 6 o'clock
at Harry Corbett's, and a big crowd is
expected to congregate on Ellis street,
The boys will fight straight Marquis
"Of Queensberry rules. They will break
at the order of Referee Graney and will
protect themselves in the breakaway.
A record-breaking crowd will witness
the .fight. It is expected that every
ticket will be disposed of and that many
would-be spectators will be turned
away. The new pavilion is an ideal
place in which to hold a fight, as a good
view of the ring can be had from every
seat.
Although he has' apparently been
working hard to make the weight
there is a shrewd suspicion that it is
not 130 pounds he is having some dif
ficulty in making, but a notch several
pounds lower. He is aiming at this
weight, as he knows when he makes
it he will be fit to go any route.
The future ring careers of both boxers
hinge on the outcome of the battle. The
winner will be hailed as the prospective
lightweight champion of the world, as
there seems to be no 133-pound man in
sight who can lower the colors of
either.
His opponent is the ! champion
feather-weight of the world. He has
lost but three fights in four busy
years, although - he has taken some
desperate chances by going into, the
ring without proper preparation. He
knows Britt's quality and has taken no
chances this time. No boxer ever
stepped into a ring in better condition
than he will be in to-night.
CORBETT AT WEIGHT
Young Corbett and Jimmy Britt will
meet in Woodward's Pavilion to-night
In what gives promise of being the
most sensational fight between little
men ever waged in America.
One of the contestants has never
known what defeat meant either in
his amateur days. .or in the two years
in which he has appeared in the pro
feBSional ring. He has done all that
has been asked of-him in the past and
unless something- goes amiss before he
enters the ring to-night he will be in
better condition .than at any time in
his brief but brilliant career.
"I was never in better condition and
I know I will win," said Young Cor
bett at his training quarters at Shee-
Brltt's training work was completed
yesterday. He is "down to weight and
during the afternoon just raised the
scale bar at 130 pounds. His trainer.
Spider Kelly, then said. "That's
enough, Jimmy. Take it easy now and
bottle up steam for the fight." Britt's
only exercise yesterday at his quartern
In Alameda was a short spin on th;
road in the morning. He did nothing
in the afternoon heavier than tip tho
beam at the required weight and then
lounged about and exchanged greetings
with the many friends who visited the
little glove warrior's camp to obtain
a last look at him before he goes inco
action. -Without exception they wero
highly pleased with hi3 form and it
was* the general expression of tlw
critics that he. is in better condition
than he was before any of his former
ring battles.
With; Spider Kelly, Frank Rafael and
others Britt will come across the bay
this afternoon and will be at Corbett's
at 6 o'clock to fulfill his part of the
agreement with respect to the weight.
Before coming over Jimmy will go for
a brief • spin on the road and that will
be ail the exertion he will make until
the fray Is on.
CHAMPION" IS COXFIDEXT.
The betting was brisk yesterday, each
boxer having many admirers. The Den
ver champion had the heaviest bettors
behind him and the pressure of money
Gnally made him a SV2 to 10 choiot.
There is a flood of Britt money which
would go in if the betting reached 2 to 1.
Harry Pollock, Young Corbett's man
ager, arrived from New York yesterday
and expressed surprise at the prevail
ing odda. He had some commissions
from friends of Corbett in New York,
but they expected at least 8 to 10 for
their money, according to Pollock. Thf
latter offered to bet $1000 against 52000
that Corbett would win in twelve
rounds and $1000 at even money that
Corbett would win in seventeen rounds.
BAITING IS BRISK.
as many will be anxious to catch a
glimpse of the little gladiators In their
street attire.
: There has been some doubt enter-
I tiiined aa to Corbett's weight and the
! fact that on the eve of the contest he
worked an hour in the grymnasium
clad in two suits of underwear and
two sweaters in order to perspire free
ly caused some of the spectators to
think that heroic measures were
necessary to get him down to weight.
Harry Tuthill, the veteran, trainer, un
der whose watchful eyes Corbett ha«
worked, declared that his man would
be well under weight by bedtime.
With pardonable j>«ternal, pride, J.
H. Rothwell, Corbett's father, has no
doubt as to his son's ability to retain
the title of champion. The following
dispatch was received yesterday from
j him at\ Denver: "'Son, go In to win,
pound for pound. Nothing to it. Your
papa, J. H. R."
Corbett was out bright and early yes
terday morning for roadwork and also
spent some time in the gymnasium. Ha
rested until 3 o'clock and then put in
another strenuous hour in the gym. As
usual there was a large crowd on hand
to see him work. For twenty minutes
he tugged at the weights ahd then
spent an equal length of time at the
swinging bag. The punching bag: next
occupied his attention, after which he
indulged in several rounds of shadow
boxing. His footwork was excellent.
Exercise for the muscles of the back
and abdomen completed the afternoon's
work. Not wishing to take any chances
of injuring his hands he did not don
the mitts. A vigorous rubdown fol
lowed and his trainers expressed them
selves as thoroughly satisfied with the
condition of their charge. Corbett per
spirrd profusely, but did not appear
fired. He made a most favorable im
pression on a host of sporting men
present.
The little fellow, accompanied bv
Harry Tuthill, Tim McGrath and Ben
Garson, will leave Sheehan's at 4
o'clock this afternoon.
nan's Beach Tavern, yesterday after
noon. Ther*» is no doubt the little
champion has been properly trained
for what is regarded as the hardest
fight in his career. If the redoubtable
j "James" v.rests the championship
I laurels from him it cannot be attribu
| ted to lack of condition.
When Umpire Jack McCarthy shrilly
cried "Strike one" on old George Van
H&ltren yesterday afternoon, the fans
realized that the beloved season of
baseball was here once more. The same
«ld chorus «f yells arose from the |
bleachers, the same old crowd >\vu>
gathered in the stands and everything
«t Recreation Park looked natural
; once more.
The old tradition made good again,
just as it has don« for years past. San
Francisco won the first game of the
season, won it by the hair-raising
score of 1 to 0. It wa? the best' cur
tain-raiser that ever happened here,
for there was nothing but baseball In
it from the start.
Under an azure blu» sky the season
was ushered in. Everything locnted
promising, even the home team. More
than 400U fans withstood the biting
winds, and, although they were coid
in body, their enthusi.'^m was .worked
up when San Francisco scored, and
after that time their interest never
lagged.
' Xo procession nor other demonstra
tion marked the ushering in of the sea
«on of 1904. There was no preliminary
skirmishes, but as soon as' the timefor
action arriv<?d.Joe Copeland, the "hu
man megaphone," strutted proudly out
into the center of the lot. and, removing,"
his bonnet, told those present thut
Hughes and Whalen would, .oppose
each other in the box, Blankenship. and
Leahy behind the bat and that Jack
McCarthy would call 'em when they
ca me over.
The stands and bleachers resounded
with a ring of real enthusiasm when
that veteran of many a diamond battle,
George Van Haltren, walked up to th°
plate and got ready to line out the
first one that sn.!ledup. -The old .man
responded with a doff of his cap and
later by driving the sphere right into
the mitts oi Claude Schmeer.
When Seattie had been retired in tha
first inning and it came time for the
home players to take a turn with-th:«
bat, the crowd yelled and did all kinds
of happy stunis. As the players ad
vanced to the bat. looking like a fash
ion plates in the new white suits Uncle
bought them, each was given "a* hand
end encouraged to hit the ball a mile.
It was a game that was worth the
price. For Jive innings everything thai
came along^was smartly smothered "toy
the fielders and not'a run showed. San
Francisco awoke from its Ieth2rgy dur
ing a hot mix-up- in the eixth inning.
Jimmy Whalen was sent in with the
*>nly run of the. game and for the time
being he was a real. hero.
W*rtdron, the new centerfielder .whom
Unfle imported from Canada, made an
impression a foot deep with, the ; fan<*
by the way he connected with ' the
leather. Three times straight did he
shoot the .ball safely over UleMi^ads
of the infielders. Each hit was free
from flaw and a* clean cut as ever a
ballplayer tore off.
Tommy Leahy made an error," but it
was such a slight and measley one that
no one noticed it and besides the run
ner was out for turning the wrong way
at the first bag. Every native on the
tc am played ball . and the nine , sur-,
prised the knowing ones.
, Whalcji and Hughes ' twirled ' as
though ihey would ne\*er have another
.. <-hance to display their ability In ¦ the
obox. It was even up and take -your
pick all the time. Hughes lost - his
came by issuing . a • base on balls to
"Whalen, the weakest , . batter . on ' the
.home HneuD. An error, came along'
thortly afterward, .helping some. .
Old- Van Haltren was. the: fleetest of
foot of the entire layout- In one inning
he beat out a .bunt" to first' base and
. then stole second and - • third without
turning a hair. Third Baseman Dele
hanty and Shortstops^ Hall :. sanl
Schmeer did some 'clever'.work : Irif the
T»p1<J, causing the multitude to^rlse'and'
cry out with elec several
The story of the undoing of the Seat
tle team Is one of hard luck. Hughes'
Fans Cheer the Favorite
Players as They
Come to Bat.
Jimmy Whalen Scores the
Winning Run for
Uncle Henry.
Morley Pennant Winners
Defeat Oakland in
Great Game.
Rival Boxers Will Apparently Make the Weight Without Difficulty and
Each Is Confident of Success in To-Night' s Ring Engagement
Which Means So Much to Them.
"Dillon will play to-morrow. If the
umpire Interferes he will be arrested
on. the order already issued by the
court. . AH I ask is to.be let alone. If
the Pacific Coast League officials at
tcmpt.to Interfere with me, because the
court; has seen fit to issue an injunction
I "think. I 'shall be able -to get another
Injunction to restrain them from inter
fering with me or from imposing a
fine." • ,
Manager Morley was shown a dis
patch from San Francisco late to-night
In. which President Bert was quoted as
saying the Los Angeles Baseball Asso
ciation will be heavily finell. and said-
Ther* were jeers from the crowd
when O'Connf 11 told. Dillon to take his
place" on the bench. The umpire Ask
ed for order, and made the statement
that-he-was acting under orders, and
that putting the Los Angeles -captain
out of the game was no -action of hrs.
Contrary to the programme an
nounced by .the baseball officials O'Co«
nell was not arrested to-night but was
told by Attorney H. M. Millsap for the
Los Angeles . Baseball Association tha t
if hs attempted to prevent Dillon tak
ing part- in to-morrow's game he will
be /arrested and probably imprisoned.
O'Connell is in telegraphic communica
tioh'with President Bert at San Fran
cisco to-night and will act upon hia
instructions. .
When play was called this afternoon
Dillon took h:s place at first base.
O'Connell walked over to the base and
read .:i. telegram he had received from
President Bert instructing him not to
allow Dillon to play. Dillon went quiet
ly to the bench and Spies succeeded
him at first.
LOS ANGELES. March 24. —The
question as to whether Captain Frank
Dillon will play ball in Los Angeles or
gf> to Brooklyn, against his wishes,
will .be decided in the courts. Man
ager James F. Morley produced an in
junction this morning from judge Al
len- of the Superior Court directed
against President Eugene Bert of the
Pafeinc^ Coast League, the directors and
Umpire* 0'Connell, restraining the per
sons named from interfering with Dil
lon. Service was had on Umpire O'Con
nell, who, acting on Instructions from
President Bert, declined' to - obey the
court's orders.
IHI^LOX CASE IN COURT.
No one backed up the throw and con
s?c<iuently the ball strayed away to the
pl'-yers' l-.pneh. "Whiic- the fielders were
Retting: their niitt.s on it Whalen raced
to the plate. He arrived ahead of. time
and scored the first run of the season
for Urxle. The game this afternoon
will be <a!!ed at 3:30. The score:
Fan Fninoisco — ¦' Seattle —
¦ A.-Jt. H. P..\.j -A. R. H. P.A.
Wldrn.cf 4 O 3 2 i»!VnHlt,ef 3 0 10 0
H13Lrd.lf 1 0 <> 2 OiMhlr. 21> 3 0- 11 2
Meany.rf 3 o 1 <» olDelfh.Sb 3 0 0 0 3
Irwir.. V.b : J . 0 0 0 0 Frisk. If 4 o ft" l 0
Andsn.Ch .*! 0 0 O 3 Bresh.lh 4 O O 11 3
1-tfahy, c 3 0 O 7 o'.cmlth. if 3 (> 0 'i ft
liasay.lb ¦!. »» «> 15 OJHaII. » 3 O • O 1 5
•Bchtnr, s 3 O <> I r.!l2Ian!»n.c 3 O 1 7 1
Whlcn.n 2 10 0 r. Hughes, p 0 112
Totals £5 1 4 27 13! Totals.23 0 4 27 16
BUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Seattle 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0—0
Bas* bits l'O © O 1 O O 2 O— 4
San Francisco « O O O O 1 0 O x — 1
lias* hit* 1 <t 1 1 t> 1 O O x — I
SUMMARY.
Stolen bases— Van Haltren 2, Mohler. Er
ror? — Van Haltren, L<raliy, Hall. Sacrifice
hits — IIMdc brand 2. Mohler. Fim base on er
lor? — Pan Francisco 1. StaUle.l. First base
on called balls— Off Whalen 2. oft Hushes ].
J-eft on liaw-F— San Francisco 3, Seattle 5.
Struck out — Ey Whalen 5, by Hughes 4.
Double |>I»ys — Mohler to Brashear to Dele
hanty to BtanfcmsMp, Passed balls— Blanken-
Fhip 2. -Wild pitch— liugres. Time of uarhe^-
Or.e hour S5 minutes. Umpire— McCarthy.
walked Jimmy "Whalen in the sixth
rour.d and Blanker-ship allowed a fast
one to go through him. sending Whalen
on to second. Waldron binged out- his
third hit for the day to the tune or
yells from the bleachers. Whalen to"«?
on to third. Van Haltren recover"'!
the leather and threw it to Delehanty.
CAPTAINS OF THE PACIFIC COAST LEAGUE TEAMS WHICH PLAYED HERE YESTERDAY.
DENVER CHAMPION* IX HIS ROAD CLOTHES AND THE HOME BOY IX A FAMILIAR POSE.
Morris Levy and .James Coffroth of
the Hayes Valley and Yosemite clubs
promised the committee to arrange a
benefit for Frank McCdnnell, the young
pugilist who was injured in a boxing
contest.
Chairman Boxton said he had been
informed that the association itself
violated the rules the infringement of
which had resulted in the expulsion of
the clubs named. Sol Levison testified
that he had acted for the association
in the giving of an amateur exhibition
to raise money to send some boxers to
the St. Louis Exposition and that the
contestants had been paid all the way
from $15 to $60 .each. The permit for
the exhibition was granted by the Su
pervisors to the association.
Supervisor MeCIellan referred to the
fact that the association had exonerat
ed Sam Berger, but put other amateur
boxers under the ban although ail
had received money for appearing In
amateur_contests. Lynch said the as
sociation had not succeeded in estab
lishing that Berger had received money.
A. . Kaplan of the newly organized
California Amateur Association stated
his organization had formulated rules
for amateur contests and that $0 per
cent of the boxers had boycotted the
association because it would not give
contestants any more compensation
than its rules provided.
T. I. Fitzpatrick admitted, for argu
ment sake, that money had bee'n paid
contestants on all sides in violation
of the rules, but claimed that the lino
should be drawn some time or there
would be no difference between an ama
teur and a professional. He said tho
Olympic Club could not give any good
exhibitions because the amateur, box
ers refused to box for trophies, saying
they could get $73 from the other clubs.
•Eggers contended this condition existed
under the regime of the Pacific Asso
ciation. V
E. J. Lynch of the association ex
plained that the clubs had been ex
pelled from the organization because
they had held contests outside of their
own OTmnasiums and had paid the
amateur boxers money for appearing.
The Supervisors' ' Police Committee
filed a majority report yesterday that
the petition of the Pacific Athletic As
sociation that no permits for amateur
boxing contests be -granted the Bay
City, Lincoln and "San Francisco clubs
be overruled. Supervisors Eggers and
MeCIellan voted in favor of the recom
mendation and Boxton voted against it.
Boxton claimed that it'had been shown
that the amateur rules had been vio
lated by the clubs, which -resulted in
their suspension from the association.
Under the terms of the ordinance an
amateur club- must -'be a member of
the association 10 be granted a permit.
Kgrgers said he had heard this provision
was declared illegal by Judge Seaweil.
The majority of the committee there
upon reported In favor of granting the
Bay City Club a permit for April 6.
Supervisor Boxton Declares
Rules Are '..Violated and
Dissents From Colleagues
FILE MAJORITY EEPORT
Petition of Pacific Associa
tion That Permits Be
Not Granted Is Overruled
BOXING CLUBS
ARE SUSTAINED
HOME TEAM GAINS VICTORY IN FIRST GAME OF SEASON;
YOUNG CORBETT IS A PRONOUNCED CHOICE OVER BRITT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; .FRIDAY, MARCH 25, 1904.
10PEOBABLE WINWEBS.
First race— Educate, Candidate, Pencil
Me.
Second race; — Albert;. Plr, Hooligan,
Saccnerate. ' ¦,
Third . race— Brennni, 'Jean Gravier,
Toiuur Morello. -
r ourth race — Axininstcr, Byronerdale.
Pierce J. .
Fifth race — Poxy Grandpa. Salto.
Thank Haven.
""Sixth race — Oro Viva. Poisart. Beevei.
Her Friends Think She Was Disap
pointed In Love bnd May Have
Killed Herself.
S. Jesson of 1215 Laguna street re
ported to the Coroner's office "yesterday
that Katie Bessler, a house servant em
ployed at that placed htjd left home last
Tuesday under- circumstances indicat
ing that her intention might have been
tocommit suicide. After she had gone
Mr. Jesson found a note left by the girl
in which she requested him to write to
her sister In Kansas to. come to this
city and get Katie's property. Accord
ing 'to Mr. Jesson's statement Miss
Bessler ; : expected a legacy from some
source . unknown to him.
Some time ago a young man who had
kept : company with Miss Bessler. went
to Nome, since which event Miss Bess
ler had been very despondent. She is 19
years old, five feet one inch tall, weighs
103 pounds, - has r blue eyes and dark
hair and wore. a; light blue hat and a
dark woolen 'dress.
KATIE BESSLKR LEAVES
HER HOME SUDDEXTiY
Second race — Half a mile; maiden two-year
olds; purse.
0339 Lampenla (Miller) 105
6423 Eaccharate (Napa Stock Farm) 109
6423 Albert Fir (Jones) 10S
Heredla (Clifford) 100
6423 Hooligan (Fountain) 109
C"73 Abba (A'.hambra Stable) 105
C273 Head Dance (El Prlmero Stable) 108
«315 Anita Knight (Spratt) lCfi
6123 Dlsproportlonablencss (Waters) 108
C351 Emily Calahan (Humphreys) 103
Third race — Futurity course; three-year-olde
and up; selling.
O414 •Mnttl*' Clark (Dayton) ...^ 104
C424 *Dr. Sherman (White) us
0414 Young Morello (Scharetg) us
C305 Jean Grnvler (Becker) in
C3S(» »Penzanee (Stover) 104
C427 BrennUs (Judge) 128
3736 Jim McCleevy (McDonald) 120
Fourth race — Mile and 100 yards; four-year
old* and up; selling: .i'\;.,v
C320 The Toiler (Jones) 103
«134 •Pitrce J (Caurtey) «8
C413 *Idogo (McCafferty) joo
(C438)*Byronerdale (Crane) 103
6427 Axjninster* (Randall) 103
Fifth race — Six furlcngs; three-year-olds;
selling:
C388 »Salto (FounUln) 03
C434 Inspector Munro (Fox) i(n
C43d Louis Me (Devln) iC7
'Frivolous (Fltzserald) 90
<6434)»Foxr Grandpa. fCoffey) ..102
G388 Thank H»«n fdark) ni
«434-Jack Little (Fine) 107
0440 North West (Cllff6rd) 95 ;
Sixth race — Seven furlongs— Four-year-olds
and un: selling:
C40(> »Mr. Dlnzle (Tlerney) ic.1
<^S3 G!iB?ando 105
G448 Maraschino (Smith) .yr-rc » 10;)
0450 Boutonniere (Jones) icr,
«;2l0 •Kickumbob (Wall) -. ..100
<U10 Blackthorn (Fink) iox
C411 Ora. Viva (Fountain)........ 10S
«4U Reeves (Lamasney Bros.) i....ios
C410 Possart (Case) ; 108
•Apprentice allowance. /.
The Original Little Beneficencia Pub
lica Company of San Francisco.
ORGANIZED SEPTEMBER, 1S33.
SPECIAL NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC
Owing to the fact that numerous schemes are
placed before the public from time to time,
we would respectfully call the attention of
purchasers of tickets to buy only from respon
sible agents qnd to see that their tickets read
aa follows.
THE ORIGINAL. LITTLE BENEFICENCfA
PUBLICA COMPANY OF SAN
FRANCISCO.
ORGANIZED SEPTEMBER. 1893.
Each coupon has the initials "M. & F." on
tho face and back of the ticket.
The following are the capital prizes as de
cided by the Beneflcencla Publlca Company of
the City of Mexico. March 24, 1SKH: No. 20145
wins $7500, sold in San Francisco, Cal.; No
24501 wins $2500. sold in San Francisco Cal ;
No. 789S7 wins $1250, sold in San Francisco
Cal.; N'op. 330. 19056, 40791. U9253, 79154 each
win $125. sold in Portland, Or., and San
Francisco, Cal.
The following- capital prizes were paid by
the above M. & F. Co. for February 25, 1904 i,
Carl Cranler (tailor with Hastings & Co.,
HontKomery and Sutter streets), residing, at
7C3 Howard St., San Francisco, Cal., $375t>.
>1. T. M.-.-nk (with Metropolitan Life Insurance
Company, Hayward building), residing at 6l!S
O'Farreli street. San Francisco. Ca!., ?:J750.
Paid Anglo-Californlan Bank (by Harry O.
Donnell, collector) for client, Ogden, . Utah,
?C25. •
The fhip that never returned did not
carry nearly as extensive and as valu
able cargo as did Ahumada, favorite
for the chapter 4 yesterday at Oakland
track.
'Doc' Kyle thought his mudlark a
certainty, notwithstanding that Jockey-
Club was numbered among the fleet.
From 8 to 5 the price fell by degrees
to 9 to 10. and when C. Smith ordered
the lines cast loose and Ahumada left
the Futurity course mooring he Vas
loaded down to the plimsol mark with
smart money.
Pleasant weather was encountered
the first quarter, then a squall .blew
up and Jockey Club was sightea on
the starboard side. Jack Martin proved
the more skillful pilot, and with the
first choice under forced draught
Jockey Club forged ahead, docking a
length in advance of the Kyle sprinter.
The overdue Misty's Pride came In
four lengths later. It was a severe
blow to the big speculators.
Favorites split the card with longer
priced horses in the betting. The
track was in a heavy condition and
some days will elapse before it will
again be fast.- There was an excellent
crowd present and no dearth of money
in the rin«?..
YOUNG PEPPER FAILS.
Young Pepper is certainly a grand
piece of equine bric-a-brac, fit to grace
the shafts of any potato peddler's
wagon. It looked as if Frank
O'Rourke's colt ought to run backward
and beat the bunch in the opening race
and when the bookmakers chalked up
even money everybody felt sorry for
them. The Pepper horse led to the
stretch and then stopped as if hit in
the head with a bung starter. North
West, with Knapp up, now took the
lead, only to be later % on beaten out a
head by the 20 to 1 shot Elmer L with
McHannon up. Vigoroso finished third.
There appeared to be some doubt ex
isting as to whether or not Meada was
up on edge and in the betting on the
two-year-old dash the black filly's price
went from 6 to 5 to 9 to 5. Just before
post time the money went in and 6 to 5
was again the prevailing quotation.
Ridden by Jack Martin, she led from
the jump, winning easily from Esco
bosa and Eduardo. Light of Day,
which looked the contender, was cut
off and put out of commission by Bon
ner on Escobosa before reaching the
stretch.
Jockey Mountain finally graduated
from the maiden class here in the six
and a half furlong selling run follow
ing. He had the mount on Criss Cross,
an 11 to 20 choice, and the mare won
all the way. Martin finished second on
Maraschino, a neck in advance T>t Miss
May Bowdiih. Harka was prominent
for a time, fading away later with the
Judges' stand In sight. ':\ ~
GALANTHUS A WINNER.
Jimmy Coffey's gelding Galanthus, a
13 to 10 choice, ridden by Buxton, car
ried off the mile and fifty-yard purse.
Flaneur looked the dangerous one and
for a time It seemed he might win. The
McCafferty, horse is none too game
when collared, and the favorite led him
out more than a length at the finish.
Boutonnier<\ at odds of 13 to 1, ran into
the show. Both Pat Morrissey and Si
lurian ran disappointing races.
Ocyrohe, another one from the Coffey.
stable, went to the post a 6 to 5 favor
ite for the concluding race of the day,
with Buxton in the saddle. The colt
ran his race, but was outfooted from
start to finish by Walter Jennings' Le
tola, piloted by Travers. The winner
ruled second choice In the ring. The
show fell to Hulford.
ENTRIES FOR TO-DAY.
Kir*t race — Five 'urlonss: four-year-olds
and up; sslllng.
6133 *Anioruna f McGuire) , . 67
»Decimo rMillcr) 1(0
Herald-Why Not.
C1G3 *CandidaU (Rowell) 100
6435 Educate tHeirarty) -..1<U
€247 Sam Lazarcr E*q. <Stoer>:.... 1C«
<532rt "SiBenvine fHaskell) 100
6435 Tom Mitchell .'McNeil)... 1 lav
.... Pencil < Me (ilounce) ..105
Ask for Release From Tics That Have
Not Brought Beatitude They
Expected. > .
William H. Stark, who was married
to Mattie L. Stark at Alameda in 1899,
is seeking a divorce on tfce ground of
infidelity, the name of the co-respond
ent not being mentioned. The suit was
filed yesterday.
Edward C. Brown wants a divorce
from Rosie J. Brown for cruelty. Yi£
alleges that she once followed him
about the streets and threatened to
end his life with a large knife she had
concealed about her person.
Desertion is the ground urged in the
complaint for divorce filed by Ida B.
Jessup against John J. Jessup, a tool
maker. They were married in 1S96.
Madeline C. Mait, in hef suit for di
vorce, charges \V. H. Malt with desert
ing her three years ago.
Decrees of divorce were granted to
Cliff R. Curtiss from Jennie M. Cur
tiss for desertion, Hattie King from
James E. King for conviction of fel
ony. Marietta Viola from Salvadore
Viola for cruelty and David F. Pear
pon from Ollie K. Pearson for deser
tion.
UNHAPPY COUPLES TAKE
THEIR TROUBLES TO COURT
OASZfcVITD EAC3T3ACS:— ThursSa?, llrir. 24.— Weather showery. Track muddy.
*>44O. PtnBT RACE- Six and a half furlongs; selling; 3-year-olds and up; to first. $325.
InUcxi Hcrse and Owner. [Wt'St. >i . 7i^ ** • '-^Etr. Fin. \ Jockey. I Op. Cl.
USTi Hlrar L 0 <Kli:nder £ B.)..jlCC;ll ... 11 7^2 '<• 1 h lucHannon 1O 20
C37U Ncniwest. 3 (Cl'.Ucrd & Co.) 30 6 ... 4 «i 3 4 11«2 3 JKnapp 4 5
C3«J2 jVircroio, •£ tA;*;l»by L Co.). !»J>! S ... 9 2'Xj 2 0 2 3 ¦J'iiCrossv.'aite ' 7 8
CO0\!Uxla 4 ,n. Wilson) j «S> 7 ... 6 1^4 h 4h 4 n "|K Wilson. 40 GO
tiiT; iK-^trth, 3 (1*. J. Carmody).. 83110 .. . l<r H.,0 2 7 4 52 IJ. Jones 10) 12
ojXi !Co:is. 3 til. L. Jcne;<> Q3J 1 ... « n S *i 8 1 « Hi'Reed. .. *<>J «**>
r.uz iltey IlooVor. a. «T. J. Sciitii). ICC| 9 7 h 10 3 10 .1 7 2 IMountaln ..I 40 J50
<i:.^ :jn,;l. t «T J U'iUlaxnz) J1O2! 5 ... 2 3 2 n -U S «4 {J. T. t^hehnt -W 1M
•~:i ,YJS. IVaper. 3 tr. Oltcu:kc)i S7| 2 ... 1 S'il 1 3 >i »2 jTrarers ...\ I 8-10
<ri:> (The id. P. McN?:>). IMS' 4 ' e n « -7i 0 '^lO 2 iJ Martin. .( 15 lti
<-:•> . «&u CttgrflCen. a (MeDowemilCi; 3 ... C nil 11 11 jEcnner j 15 ¦ - ltt
V;-:e -:'.'5. £2^. 1:2C" 4 . 1:57%; At pc*t Yt m'.aute. Orr at 2:::^-. ' Elm<>r. place 8; show.
4. Ncrihwot, plac*. S-0; shor.-. 4-5. Vlgofoso. ¦Sox, 1. Winner, br. h, by Ether
itnxhmccL Trained by T. Burns. " Start pood.' Won In a drive of three. Price and
c!:metic Cfn^:tioD* «JH«->1 wimjer. who <Irep:>«l down from Mars. Northwest tired th«
last sarr. Vis~rci?*> closed we'.i under inClSerent handling. M«to will win before the
curtain :e:!s. Vcunir l**pr*r 5» a bow-wow horse. _-_
«M47. SECOND RACE— Fcur fjr!cr.r?; e?:i!ng; 2-y«a.r-oias; value to. first, $325.
In-iex; Hcrse and Owner" iu 7 ! Si . >; . »,. «;. Str. Fin. ! Jockey. Op. Cl.
<-;:=> iil^ei* L&aaehl & Ca.) hSfl 1 l»jl 1 12 IJ. Martin.. 6-5 7-5
• •*¦•-¦;;> :E*C3i.-oea tj-rtew-art & Co.» I1O3. 5 2 h 4 4 2 n jBonner 4 18-1
E»2 KJuirdo «! Stover; ...(11SI2 4 3»j2 1 3 5 'See 4 7
C3S7 iPJrrlia "Sir* C E ilillrr)... »7i 3 3 n 3 n 4 b Trevers ..» 10 13
fA2i :.._!-.•. tf Dajr «lln. Coftcy)..; OSI 4 5 5 S • (Crosswaite I 3 16-5
Time — -.21, :S1\«. At po*t \<t nilnr.te. Off at 2:39. Meada, place. 3-3; «hoT?, 1-4. Esco
i»sa. piiioc, 910; tJww. 1-3. Eduardo, show, 7-10. Winner, Wk. t. by Figaro-Afa
irada Tra:n«<l t-y O. A. Bianchi. Scratched— Hooligan. Start good. Won easily. Next
two dririrr hard. Wianw ts a c3ercr fitly. Escobos* ran hie race. So did Eduardo.
i-tpht tst D»r wa« tharjiiy cut o3 by Bonr.tr on Escoboza before reaching the etrctch
an-1 fctuirb!»S at the same tijxse.
«4*««. Tllinp RACE— Six and a half furlongs; selling; 3-year-olds and up; to first. $325.
ladtx Horse ar.J Owner. [Wt St. >4 . >j. »i. Str. F!n. |. Jockey. I Op. Cl.
re? Cr;ss Cross ."> »r. N. Hayos).. ml 1 ... 13 12 12 13 (Mountain .. 1-2 11-20
KS0 IMaraeehino. 5 <E. J. Smith). .]106}*2 ... 62 43 43 2n J. Martin.. 5 9-2
<;tTJ Mi*8 >:. Dowdith .i nHarnrm)! K5- 7 ... 2'%3*iSn32 Crosewalte 6 8
•41^ liarka.. 3 <\\>r.t«orth & Lee).' 90 9 ... 4 1V-2 h 3 h 4 2*4 T. Butler.. 20' 15
•310 'Bogus nil! a (S. F. Cappe). .JHI.IO ... $2 "8 3 <; i; 5 McHannon 00 30
r.37* H. P Cane. 4 <J. G.-ren) !l«-?t «J ... 7 3 5 n 5 1^« & C. Smith... 10 15
6390 Lozano. 5 <Leach & Cook»...;lll! 3 ... 3 n C 2H7 2 7 H W. Narvaez 100 300
C3T4 ;Rcb Palmer. 6 (J. J. Coalter) 106; 5 ... 91 9 10 62 83 Frowen ... SO " 100
tr.c2 Pt. Rica, a <D. Murphy) W,, 4 ... in 71 02 95 R*ed ...... 100 100
5KV2 E4ra. 4 >M. M. Rowley) [lCBJ s ... 10 10 10 10 A. Powell.. 50 CO
Ttim :26. :.'.^^. 1-21 3 *. 1;2S»^. At post 2 minutos. Off at 3:05H- Cross, placg. 1-6: show,
out. Maraschino, place. 1: show. 2-5. Bowuie 1 !, chow. 6-5. Winner, blk. m. by Bas
«-tlaw-Vice Versa. Trained by P. Laweon. Scratched — Blondura. Start bad. Won:
oasily. Next three driving hard. Crisp Cross away flying and much the best. Mar
a*ch:no ran his rac*. Harka tired. Bogus Bill showed some improvement.
6449. FOURTH RACE— Futurity coarse; purse; 3-year-olds and up; value to first, $325.
lodexl Horse and Owner. 'Wt'St. ' *« . V4- %• Str. Fin. ['Jockey. Op. Cl.
'¦113 Jock»y Qeb, 4 (YC Fisher).. '1OI«' 2 ... 2 n 1 n 1 3 1 1 (J. Martin.. S .21-5
«425 iAhumada. 4 <J. A. Kyle) 1041 3 ... 1 h 22 22 2 4 C. Smith... 8-5 8-10
<Cir:2> 3iiMys Pride. 4 (Jonef & Co.)|104 6 ... 8n 5 1 4 1 S 2U Mountain .. 6 10
? 425 'Albul* C <Lamasnry Brof.)..J113J 1 ... 3 *i 3 \ 3 % 4 1 See 7 " 13
«3CQ]Flm Chir. 4 <E- Fitzgerald). 10»i 4 ... 4h 4^52 54 Roach 10 13
€355 IVenator. 4 (H. E. Kowell) ilOlj 5 ..."« 66 6 Travers ... 7-2 . 7
Time— :26. :S2. 1:15. At post 3 minutes. Off- at 3:33. Club, place. 1; ehow. 1-2. Ah4
n-.a^a. place. 2-5: show. out. PrSde, show. 6-5. Winner, b. h. by Brutus- Sera phin.
Traint-d by \V. Fuher. Start good. Won "easily. Next two driving. Jockey Club had
hi* Fj>^t?d. Smith on Afaumada rode a muMy sort of race. Riders reversed, latter might
have won Mi*ty's Pride ran to form. First Chip outclassed. Venator showed no speed.
«;«.-.<>. FOURTH RACE— One xnlie and M yards; selling; 4-year-olds and up; to first. $325.
Index! llorte and Owner. [WtjSt. \' t . V». *4. Str. Fin. I Jockey. ! Op. Cl.
«4^7 Galanthus. C iMr f . CofTey). .J1O4! 1 5h 3^34 33 1 l»4iBuxton 13 10 13-10
u*Z7 Flaneur •; <C. McCafferty). . . 1 104] 3 12 1 % 1 % 11 2 3 |C. Smith... 4 9-2
t;;>>:« ft.iutnnniere. t «F. Jones) :1O4I 4 3 «J 2 1 21 2n37 U T Sbehn 10 13
<C424> Captivate « (Bianchi & McG.).107i 6 6 6 5 2 4 1H4 2 IJ. Martin.. 10 8
6377 Tat Morricsey. a (J. Ryan). .!l0$>; 2 2»i41 4n 53 56 ,'Holbrook .. 7-2 7
?'<413 -Silurian. <J (Lamacney Bros.); 99, 5 4 ij'5 »i 8 C 6 ICrosswalte | 5 13-2
Time— :23«4. :Cl'i. 1:UH. 1:474. 1:51. At post l»i minute*. Off at 3:5SH- Galanthus,
1 lace. 1-2; ehow. out. Flaneur, place, 7-5; ehow. 3-5. • Boutonnlere. show, 7-5. Win
ner, ch. g. by July-Fnowdrop. Trained by J. Coffey. Start food. Won ridden out.
Next two driving. Galanthus tx-rt. Oolng^ suited Flaneur. Boutonniere showed lm
jirovcment. Not *lopj>y enouph for Captivate. Pat Morrlesey ver>" evidently did not
like the track. Silurian ran poorly and must be stale.
«451. SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; 3-year-olds; value to first. ?3£5.
Index! Horse and Owner. |Wt St. *+• H- ?i- Str. Fin. I Jockey, j Op. O.
t>4C2 Lcto'.a (Jennlns;* & Co.) ! 9» 4 ... 11 1 1^1 115 ITravers ... 2 12-5
<*02 Oc>-rr>he (Mrs Coffey) 11071 1 23 25 22 2% Buxton 7-5 6-5
GCU Kulford <H Stover) J1O4] 3 ... 4 3 4 5 3 2H3 5 CrOMwaite 4 l«-5
«3ai IScherzo < Pueblo Stable) IOC! 2 ... 3 2US \ 4 4 4 4 Bonner 10 16
iOrrhan tEisewood Stock F.). 84| C ... 6 5 2 5 3 5 6 IF. Sullivan 50 100
*Att Duitj- Miller T. fc"h<ri<Jan) . ..'lOlj 5 ... 5 % 6 6 6 ; Roach 20 30
7 im e—:2G. :T>2. 1 :1». At post »i mlnote. Oft* at 4:23V I-etola. plac*. 9-10: show. 1-3.
Oqrn4>* pSac*>. 1-3; show. out. Hulford. show. out. Winner, ch. f. by Star Ruby-Leu
<Njsia. Trained by "tt\ B. Jennings. Start *ood. Won easily. Next two driving hard.
I^to'a had *p^*d to loan at interest. Ocyrohe no excuse*. Hulford ran his - race.
Cnhers outclassed.
I LOS ANGELES, March 24.— Three fa
| vofites came through in front at Ascot
| this afternoon. The other three races
went to second- andthird choices in the
betting and the books suffered in conse
quence. A light rain fell during the
last three days, but not enough to alp
set the form predictions to any extent.
( There were no particular features to
j the card aside from the hurdle event,
which went to Nitrate in hollow style.
Can Nell beating the stable mate of the
winner for the place.
The Ascot management ; has an
nounced that on the last day of the
meeting, April 5, the receipts will be do
nated to the orphan asylums of Los
Angeles. Weather clQudy and showery,
track good. Results: .'.
First' race, lire furlongs Felling — General
Cronje 1C9 (Prior). 6 to 1. won; Red Horse 92
(Murphy). 0 to 1, second: Ragnarok II 108
<Booker). 8 to 1, third. Time. 1:03%.' John
I Hughes. North Pole. RIcef ul, Jo?e Donlon.
Oklahoma Bell?. ConsUntlne. FricrHene. Mabel
Reed. The , Covenanter and Conger also ran.
Second race, seven furlongs selling — Thisb*
105 (J. L*wls). 2 to 1.' won: Emshee 110
! (Dugan). Ouo 1. second: Phys 102 (Lawrence).
>9 to 2.. third. Time, 1 :20H- N'elto. Jim Gore
II. Brown Prince and Ed Lar.asan also ran.
Third race, hurdles, one and an eighth miles
—Nitrate 145 (Schlmmel), 1 to 2. won; Can
Nell 132 (McMahon) C to 1. second: Walter
142. coupled with Nitrate (Archibald), third.
-Time. 2:06. Cazador. .Lurdan. Jtey del Rio,
Wachu*ett and Quldado also ran.
Fourth . race, six furlongs, selling 1 — Eldred
102 (J. Lewis). 3 to 1. won: Military 104 (John
| son). 7 to 1. second; Marta 105 (Jackson) 6
I to 1, third. Time. 1:14 if. Huapala. Gibral
tar. Evander, Cardwellton. Rosebud also ran.
Fifth race, five furlongs, selling — Victoria S
106 (Johnson), 4 to 1. won; Maud Browne 97
<R. Murphy), 10 to 1, second; El Chihuahua
111 (Duran), 20 to 1, third. Time. 1:03%.
Brick Fowler. Laura F M. Alma P, Head
strong;. . Golden Ivy. Gray Morn, Rose Farr.
Tioleta and Lady Rice also ran.
i Sixth race, six furlongs, selling— Lady Fonse
' fcS (Anderson), 7 to 2. won; Flamero 104 (Hen
; derson). 10 to 1. second; Chief Aloha 102
(Feicht). 7 to 2. third. ! Time, 1 :1C. Ollvilo.
MacAna. Moonstone, Roltaire, Blueridge and
Nona also ran.
Light Rain Fails to Upset
the Calculations of the
Bettors Who Study Form
TIIEEE FAV01UTES LAND
• » *
There is more or le^s pathos in the
biography of every female vagrant ar
raigned* in the Police Court, but it Is
doubtful whether a more piteous story
was ever unfolded than young and
pretty Winnie Toya yesterday told to.
Judge Mogan. The girl's recital was
accompanied by choking sobs as she
expressed her desire to lead a beutr
life than the one she was arrested~for
following.
She came from a rural home in El
Dorado County, she said, with inten
tion of earning a livelihood for herself
and her widowed father, a helpless
octogenarian. For a time she worked
aa a domestic and struggled bravely to
resist the temptations that beset at
tractive and impecunious girlhood in
this big city, but she found that her
scanty earnings did not suffice to pro
vide her father with the comforts she
felt he was entitled to. ' Then she
learned that more money could be made
without necessary sacrifice of virtue by
serving a& a "waitress" In the ques
tionable resorts on the Barbary Coast,
and in a misguided moment she applied
for and obtained employment in a
dance hall managed by one Natalia
Toya. Disillusion came quickly to the
girl. The details of her downfall, partly
corroborated by Police Officer Joy.'vis
ibly affected the Judge.
• "This case against you is dismissed."
he said to the weeping girl, "because
I am satisfied you did not willingly
embrace the . degraded vocation in
which the officer found, you and that
you are eager to abandon It. Take
your father back to the country and
stay there."
James Rogers, accused of battery,
stated he had four, fractured ribs and
displayed a broken finger when Judge
Mogan asked him what he had to v say
for himself. He was unable to explain
how he received the injuries, nor could
Special Officer Duane, who arrested him
aboard the ferry-boat Berkeley, cast
any light on the subject.
The testimony showed that Rogers
was intoxicated and asleep in the ferry
waiting-room when an official discov
ered him and requested that he ra
move himself. Rogers was hatlees, his
headgear could not be found, and ho
was in, ugly mood when he wandered
aboard the Berkeley, dropped into the
restaurant and ordered food. The wait
ers refused to serve him because hz
was drunk and disagreeable, and he in
turn refused to 'leave the place. An
effort to eject him resulted in a scuffle
and the arrest of Rogers.
"I'm all smashed up," said the de
fendant, when the complaint had been
recited, "and I'd like to know who
smashed me." ' ¦*
"Were you smashed before you went
aboard the boat?" inquired the Judge-.
"Yes, I guess I was, for I remember
that my ribs were sore when I entered
the restaurant." .
"Was it to procure spare ribs that
you entered the restaurant?" asked the
court, and even the prisoner saw the
joke and laughed at it. .•'
Then the case was continued till
March 30 to enable the defendant to
ascertain, if possible, just how, when
and where his bodily Injuries were re
ceived.
• • •
"It has been- the custom of this court
to Impose a fine "of $30 or $40 for selling
lottery j tickets," remarked Judge Mo-
Ran to Henry Jones, -who had pleaded
guilty of thus offending at 126 Kearny
street, "but in this case I may increase
the penalty. I'll have my mind made
up about this time to-morrow, Mr.
Jones."
Judge Fritz's latest quotation for sell-
Ing lottery tickets is $100, and it re
mains to be seen whether his Honor
Judga Mogan will equal It.
Leslie Falkenberg, who falsely ac
cused Mamie Garrtty of abandoning
her infant child and incidentally swore
to other falsehoods, was given twenty
four hours' imprisonment for contempt
of Judge Mogan's court, and will be
tried before a jury next Monday on the
charge of unlawfully procuring Mamie
Garrity's arrest. A charge of perjury is
also being worked up against Falken
berg. His mother appeared in 'court
yesterday and stated that when he
swore he had a brother Albert he lied
and that in her opinion he is mentally
deranged.
• . • •
Thomas Whaling was living up to his
surname when a policeman found him
cruelly beating a horse, and for the of
fense Judge Mogan gave him permis
sion to choose between paying a $10
fine or serving ten days in prison.
Thomas preferred the former penalty.
Meyer Jacobs had $10 65 in one of his
pockets when Officer J. D-Bradenhauf.r
arrested him for begging in the West
ern Addition. He will be sentenced to
morrow. The policeman testified that
Meyer's method of mendicancy was
suggestive of intent to steal, as he en
tered and explored basements of dwell
ings before he appeared at the back
doors and frightened timid housewives.
Finding that he had lost his latch
key, Sergio Solano broke a window of
his residence, on Dupont street, near
Broadway, early yesterday morning,
and was starting to crawl through the
aperture when Policeman Daniels ar
rested him for disturbing the peace that
environs that vicinity during the small
hours. Judge Mogan is considering the
complaint, and this morning he may
have decided whether it is proper for a
man who has lost his latch key to dis
turb the peace or preserve it by quietly
staying out all night:
Michael Coyne and Cornelius Murphy,
both gray-haired, were boys together
and had been separated for years when
they met as codefendants yesterday in
Judge Mogan's court. The ' charge
against them was depositing garbage
upon a waste place south of Market
street, but they were so deeply ab
sorbed in exchange of greeting and
reminiscence that they had been fined
$5 apiece before they realized that their
case- was disposed of. Then they smil
ingly . paid their fines and went forth
arm-in-arm to celebrate their reunion.
Williaif J. Gadbury, employed in the
electricaf department of the United
Railroads, was riding on a Fillmore
street car when the machinery of the
vehicle became deranged and necessi
tated the transfer of the passengers.
When the conductor, J. W. Bolton, re
quested Mr. Gadbury to betake himself
to another car that gentleman protest
ed, and casually cast unfavorable re
flections on the competency of the crew
that" put the passengers to such incon
venience. The conductor, retorted in
kind, and then his critic struck him
upon the face and. was immediately ar
rested. ; / v . i -'.
"My client^was simply exercising hla
right of free speech when the conductor
insulted him," said the attorney for the
defense. * - i /
"Your client simply neglected to at
tend to his own business and leave that
of the conductor, to the attention of the
conductor," declared Judge Cabaniss.
"If people would refrain from butting
in where their advice or comment is
not solicited there would be much less
work for you attorneys and us Judges.
I fine your client $10 for assault."
Henry Talman, a 17-year-old lad who
resides with his parents at 804' Minna
street and is an apprentice in an iron
works, was the defendant before Judge
Cabaniss on a complaint sworn to by
Miss Annie Sheridan of 1433 Fols6m
street, who testified that while she was
walking along Market street he snatch
ed her nurse, from her hand and was
retreating with it, when It slipped from
his lingers and dropped at her feet.
Then, she added, he returned, placed
his hand upon her shoulder and solici
tously inquired as to the state of her
health, whereupon she summoned a
convenient policeman and had him ar
rested. . - " ,
To this serious charge the boy plead
ed not guilty. He denied the purse
snatching accusation in toto and . ac
knowledged that he had accosted the
complainant as ; she had testified, but
did to because he had mistaken her
for a young lady with whom he is well
acquainted. .
Judge Cabaniss took the case under
advisement until to-day. '
When death deprived E. J. Siangan's
six young children of their mother's
care the man became despondent and
foolishly sought solace in drink. From
a sober and. industrious citizen he was
gradually sinking to the level of a con
firmed sot, when Secretary White of
the S. P, C. C. had him arrested and
taken before Judge Mogan to see if
he could not be. persuaded to devote
more attention to the proper rearing
of his offspring. Mr. White did not
want to have the man imprisoned, but
-simply warned that he would be pun
ished if he continued to Ignore his pa
ternal responsibilities. So the Judge'
continued the' case until April 7, and
informed the defendant that if he does;
not treat his children properly during,
the interim he will certainly be jailed.
Mangan Is a butcher. ¦
Katsouni Kobaiyashi, a little brown
man who ran amuck in St. Mary's
place the other evening and stabbed
several of his compatriots, is held in
$2000 to answer before the Superior
Court. He was arrested by Policemen
McShane, Mills and Lycette, and they
unite in the opinion that if the Mika
do's army were made up of such hu
man toughness as K. K. proved him
self possessed of the odds against the
Slavs would be tremendous. This opin
ion is shared by Judge Cabaniss.
For distributing obscene literature in
the shape of advertising circulars Dr.
J. N. Brown, a medical specialist, was
fined $50 .by Judge Cabaniss, who sup
plemented the sentence with a gratui
tous warning.
Louis Novinski and Moses Levy,
against" whom three distinct charges
of burglary In the- 'Western Addition
were clinched by Detectives O'Day and
Mulcahey, are held to the Superior
Court, with bail fixed at $2000 apiece
on each charge. The detectives in
formed Judge Mogan that they have
twenty-one other clear cases of bur
glary against the youthful defendants.
For kicking a dog belonging to Wil
liam Norton and threatening to shoot
the animal's owner when he entered
protest Edward Samuelson was fined
$100 by Judge Conlan.
Judge Mogan is confronted by a
nice problem in the case of Ah Pang,
Ah Loo and Ah Wong, accused of in
fringing bill 944, ordinance 937, which
provides that it shall be unlawful for
any person to visit or resort to any
place or room so barred or barricaded
as to b* difficult of access or ingress
to the police. The three defendants
named were found to be the sole in
mates of a room so barred or barri
caded in Chinatown, and now their
attorney cites another section of the
ordinance which_ says "It is" unlawful
to visit such room or place when
three or more persons are present,"
and asks for dismissal of his clients
on the ground that as there were no
other persons in the room when they
were arrested they cannot legally be
held for visiting the room when "three
or more persons were there. The court
has the question under advisement,
and his interpretation of the ordin
ance is likely to be that the intent of
the Legislature was tcr prevent the
assembling of three or more persons
behind a barred door for gaming or
other illegal purpose.
Arthur Cullen, an eighteen-year-old
lad who ate hot cakes and coffee in a
Howard-street restaurant and then ran
away without paying for the viands,
was arrested and released on his own
recognizance to appear for trial yes
terday in Mogan's court. He failed to
fulfill his pledge, however, and a bench
warrant was issued for his arrest-
Now he is in the City Prison and will
remain there until the complaint
against him is disposed of.
John Hamilton, who shot holes
through a glass door panel in the resi
dence of his brother-in-law, in the
Richmond District, is willing to plead
guilty of simple assault, but Judge
Mogan has not yet decided to accept
that plea. Hamilton's wife had de
serted him and sought refuge in the
dwelling of her brother when the
shooting occurred, about a month ago.
Herschel Goodman will be tried be
fore Judge Mogan on the charge of
stealing a, purse from a German re
mittance man yesterday morning in
a -saloon at Mason and Ellis streets.
The purse was empty when Officers
Hayden and Matheson found it upon
the floor of the patrol wagon in which
they conveyed Goodman to the City
Prison. . \
Judge Conlan gave William Ramello
and August Peroria six months each
for petty larceny and fined Dr. S.
Holkstra $100 for practicing medicine
without a license.
Beats the Candlemas Colt,
Can Nell, at Ascot Park
.Track in Hollow Style
She Comes From the Country With Her Infirm
Father to Honestly Earn a Livelihood for Both
and Gradually Descends to the Barbary Coast
Elmer L Captures the Opening Event Across the
Bay at Odds of 20 to 1 — Criss Cross Takes a
Purse — Speedy Letola Runs Away From Ocyrohe
¦'"'¦¦ :-"" ; ¦¦"» "'i ¦-". '-. ¦¦' '¦¦¦¦"¦¦ -:-'¦. ' ,-'' ¦" ¦'¦"¦'•".'
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
AHUMADA, WITH SMITH UP,
BEATEN BY JOCKEY CLUB
HURDLE HONORS
FOR NITRATE
GIRL TELLS AFFECTING
TALE TO POLICE JUDGE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY. MARCH 25. 1904.
11
ADVEBTISEMENT&
MY SI. 00 KNIFE
Is otw tJi&t j ou ciiii depend en. It doesn't
j*>- to bey a "cheap" knife, because a
•¦ c wep'' kclfe is xn&de of inferior rcaterlal.
My SI kcile is made of tfce best possible
material, tas thre* or four blades, pearl
cr backtcra handle, and is worthy of a
place in the pocket of any man.
Comes in such weM-knovrn brands es
•U'ofctenholrc's, Jordan's. Hencktls*. Stiletto
end ether popular makes.
I carry cutlery of all kinds in large va-
fjety at Trices that win.
51s'! orders rro^ptly C»Ied.
THAT MAN PITTS
F. W. PITTS, the' St*.t.ioner,
IOCS MARKET ST, Above Powell.
S*n Fraccleco.
Colds
La Grippe
Catarrh
Positively cureH with Dr. Hal-
praner's Wonderful Medicine,
or your money returned. Price,
50c and $1-00 per bottle. For
sale by all dealers and at office
of Halpruner Medical Mfg. Co.,
28 California St., S. F., sent by
mail or express. People cured
free of charge from 1 to 4 p. m.
tFAVORiTE
SC8IPTI0N
RWEAKWOMEW.
CALIFORNItX i
LIMITED TO CHICACO I
LEAVES DAILY I
at MHO a. m- through in 3 days.' I
•wittt diner and all trappings. o
maaaaMaammtu 1111 1 1 iiHiiiiMiiiaimuiuLLjiLMJl .
Other Baata T» Trains:
7:30 a. m. 1 for gfockton, Frereo. BakenlUld.
$M p". m!j **«rced, Hanfort and Vlaalta.
4:00 p. m. for Stockton.
6:00 p. m. for Kan?as City. Grand Canyoa and
Chicago.
TICKET OTPIOSS-Ml Market St. and
Ferry Depot. 8. T. Also Ilia Broad-
way. Oakland, CaL 97 South Tint St..
Saa 3o*9.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTEBN RT. CO.
SAN FRANCISCO ANO NORTH PACIFIC
BAXLWAT OOMTAJTr.
Tlturoa Perry, root of Market Street.
SAW FRANCISCO TO SABT BArAEL.
WEEK DAT3— 7:30. 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:33,
8:80. 6:10, 6:80 p. m. Thursday*— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
' SUNDAYS— 8:0O. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30.
3:30. 5:0o. 8:20. ll:3O p. m. ." . ¦
SAW BA7AEZ, TO SAZT 7BAVCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:O». 7:35^ 7:60, S«X U:1S
a. m.: 12:50. S:40. 5:00. 8:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:06 and 6:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 8:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40,
8:40. 4:55. &.05. 8:25 p. m. -
Leave I la Effect I Arrive
San Franclgco.l Sept. 27. 1903. |8an Franclgco.
Week I Sun- I Deatlna- I Son- I W*ak
Day*. | days. | • Uon. ] day*. } Day*.
7:30 a 8:00 a »:10a S:4O.i
9:8oa Igtudo. 10:40 a 10:*) a
3:30 p 8:80 p C:05 p 8:30 p
5:10 p 5:00 p ¦ 7:35p
7:30a 8:10 aJ 8:40a
8:00 a N'ovato. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma 6:03 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 3:S0p ind 7:35 p
5:00 p EtnURom.
7:30 a 10:40 a 10:30 a'
8:00 a Fulton. 7:35 p 8:20 p
8:30 p 3:30 p •
Windsor.
7:30a 8:00a Healdsburr. 10:40a 10:30a
Lytton,
8:30 p 3:30 p Geysertllle. 7:35 p 6:20 p
Cloverdale,
7:30a 8:00a Hopland 10:4Oal0:2Oa
3:30 p 3:30 p and Uklah. 7:35p g:2Op
7:S0a| 8:00a| WUllt*. |7:35p[6:2Op
7:30 al 8:00 al 110:40 a|l»:20 a
3 :30 pi 3 :30 p| GuerneTllle. ( 7 :35 p( S :2O p
7:30a|8:00al Sonoma, I 9:10a! 8:40a
5:10 pi 3:00 p| Glen Ellen. |a:06p|8:20p
7:30 al 8:00 at 110:40 a!10:20 a
3:30 p( 3:30 p| SebastopoL | 7:33 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentln; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altruria tn<l Mark West
Sprlnr*; at Lytton for Lytton Spring*; at Gey.
servlllc for Skaggs Springs: at Cloverdale for
the Geysers. Boonevllla aad Greenwood; at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Sprinirs,
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno,
Potter Valley. John Day's, Riverside, Llerly**.
BuckneUs. Sar.hedrin Heights. Hullvllle. Onr**
Hot Springs. Halfway House, Coraptche. Camp
Stevens. Hopkins, Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg,
Westport, Csal: at Wllllta for Fort Brags;.
Westport, Sherwood. Cahto. Covelo, Larton*
ville, Cummings, Bell's Springs, Harris, OI*
sen's, Dynr. GarberrlUe, Fepperwood. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rate*
On Sunday round-trip tickets to all polnu
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
I Ticket offices. C30 Market street. Chronicle
building. - _¦
H. C. WHITING. R- X. RTAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
— TO SAN RAFAEL,
ROSS VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Eta
Vl» Satualito T erry.
Suburban Service, Standard Gauge Electric —
Depart from San Francisco Daily 7:00, 8:0O.
9:00 10:00, 11:00 a. m.. 12:20, 1:43. 8:15. 4:13.
5:15." 8:15. 7:00, 8:45. 10:20, 11:45 p. m.
FROM BAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Dally. 5:25. 0:35. 7:40. 8:35. 9:35. 11:09 a.
m.. 12:20. 1:45. 2:53. 8:45. 4:45. 5:45. 6:43,
8:45; 10:20 p. m. - ¦ ¦-'
FROM MILL VALLET TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO— Dally. 5:43. 6:55. 7:52. 8:55. »:55.
11:20 a. m.. 12:85. 2:00. 3:15. 4:06, 8:05. 8:03,
7:05, 9:00. 10:25 p. m. ,
THROUGH TRAINS.
8-00 a. m. dally — CaxadeTO and way stations. '
5:15 p. m. week days (Saturday exempted)—
Tomales -and way stations.
9:15 r>. m. Saturdays — Cazadvro and way
stations.
| - Sundays only — 10 a. rn.. Point Reyes and
way stations.
TICKET OFFICE— «2fl Market st.
FEltRY— Union Depot, foot of Market st.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
ISA GHEAT RESTORATIVE. LXV1OORA-
tor and Nervine. - ¦ '
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The. Mexican Remedy for Disease* of tae
Kidneys and Bladder. Sell* on Its own merits.
- NABER. ALF3 • * BRUNE. Agents.
823 Market at. S. P.— <Seod for Circulars.)
fi BROWN'S
Bronchial Troches
Quickly relieve Concha, Hoarseaew,
E Tbroat and Lunc Trotsblca.
Contain nothing; injurious.
' Sold lit box** gulf. . . Avoid ImltatfonM. .
I LaT* *''*••* \"»| Tra!«« le»Te *nd »»?
1"[" »WTB / .1 dastosrrliosl
VC^Jpl^Xy BAN FRANCISCO.
\^ *«• • y (itoJa LJne. Ferry Depo**
X»^y \^S Toot of Market Suect >
J»*T« — TBOII F»»BCA1T 17. lWi. — Am»i7T
74J0* VaesTUla. WlaVsn. ilum»ey_ 7B0»
' 7J3O* Bentcls, SoJsan. Eiinlrs sad 8*cr»-
m«nttt 7.20r
743* Vslleja Xtpx. C^.'.hosk Sanu
Kml Msrtloez, S*n lUraon S ZOr
740a Kllea. Ltr? rmore. Traer. Latnro?.
Stockton 720?
S43l fihuu Express— fVU I>srl«>,
wiuumi (for Bsrtlott aprlnx<>.
Willow*. ?Fruto. Ked bluO.
Portland, T»com«. Sesttlo 7-50^
•••Oa Pmri*. Woodl»tid. Katirau Landing.
MaryiTlHe. Oro^!U€ 7.80»
140a Port Cottm, Msxttaex. Aotloctt.
Byroa. Tracy, Stockton, Kew-
aaaa. Lea D*ao». »l«ndotv
Anaoaa. Hiaford. Tttalls,
Ponarrtll* 4.20»
t-JO* Fort Costa. M*rt!aei. Trwr. L«ta-
rop. ModrstO. MrrcedL Frr»ao»
Go«bea Jaoctlon. HiaforJ.
ViMlta. B«ke«aeld 4.S0r
I4Qa XHes. Baa Joae, LlTtrmore. Stock-
U>a. (tMUtoa). loae. Sscraraento,
riaeerrrtle. UirysrUIe. Cblco.
BfdBlaff 420?
I.JO* Osklsl". Chtsese. Jamestowa. So-
nor*. Tooluicne sod Angels 4 20-
9 00a AtlsoUe Express— OEden»adE*st. 11.20*
8-33* Richmond, Martloes ana Way
SUUo&b S-SCr
10410a Tba Orer'.snd Limited — Ogden.
Dearer. Omaha, Chlcaftx S 20r
104>0a V«llejo» 1220r
10.80a !«• Aa*elea Panencer — Port
Costa. Martloes, Bjroa. Tracy.
Latbrop. Stockton. Merced.
Raymond. Fretno. Oothra Jane-
t:.in, nsarord, Lrmrvore. Vlis'.ln.
BskersSeld. Los Anirales 7-20"
ttCCw Hsjrwmrd. N«l»s and Way Stations. 320r
tLOOF •acrsmento Hirer Sceamert. tli.00^
3 iOr Benicta, WlaMrs. Sscrumfato,
Woodlud. Kalgbta Landing.
MmrysTille. OtotIIIo aad way
iuUods..... IQ.SSSi
3^0» Hayward. Sties and Way Stations.. 7.53r
S.ZQr Port Costa, llartta«s. Hyroo.
Tracy, Latarop, M o d e s t o.
Merc«4. Presso aad Way Stv
Uons beyond Port Cofta .i 12 20?
S40r Martlnei, Tracy, Stock too. Lodl... 10 20*
4-OOr Msrttaei.Ssnlumon.ValleJo.Kapa.
- ' Callstocca. 3snt» Iiosa... 9 20*
4 OOP ITIlea. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl 4 20»
4-iOr Bayward. KUea. IrTlastaa. Saa I *3.50»
Jos«. Lttrennore. 1 m.50*
* iXiOr The Owl Limited — Xawmaa. Los
B»aoi. Mendots. Fresno, Talsra,
, , BakeTiSeliLcs Angeles.
Ooldea 8uta Limited Bleaker,
Oakland to Loa An sties for I'M*
Cftco, rta C. B. I. *P _. |.80»
t£Qr Ton Costa. Truey. Stockton 12-2OP
f S SOr Bayward. \11«a and Saa Jo»« ... M 7.20*
SXflP Hayward. SUes aad S»n J««a. 9 J3*
HOQr Eastern Express— Oi^n. Denr-ir.
- ¦ Omaas, Bt. Louis, cateaco aa4
last. Port Costa, Benlcla. Sol-
ma. Elmlra. Darta, S*cr»meat<\
Roeklla. Aaoam, Colfaz.
Trnckee. Boca. Reao. Wad»>
worth, WJnncmucea ............. K-M*
' •.OOr Vallejo. dally, except Soaday.... I 7 ...
. 74t0r Vallejo. Sunday ooly f 7>M *
' 1J)3r Wchmoad, taa Tibia. Fort Costa.
Martiaes aad Way Stations 11.23*
, IXa> Oregon * California Expr»»t— S»c-
ramento, Msrysrllle. IieJdlaj.
Portland. Pugal Soand aad Ess:. t.5Aa
1.1 Or H«jr ward, Kile* aad Baa Joie IBvar
»T; dayoaly).... ii-SBt,
COAST LINE (Xarr*« (iaas«).
fr*ot of Market Stro«t.)
S-I&a Xrwark, Caaterrllle. Saa Joss,
Feltoa. Boalaer Creek. 8*«u
Ctm and Way Stations 5-53r
t2.1i> Rnrwk, Ceat«nrUIe. Saa Jos*.
New Alm&dea. Lot Oatoc7«ltoa,
Bonlder Crack. SaaUjCroa aad
Prlael^al Way Sutloaa rta 55*
4.1lr MtwarK. Saa Jose. Losestos and i '8.55*
M CT^ay swtlons 1 J10 54 s.
«t40Y Boaters Tnto, Satarday oaly. Saa .
Jose aad Way stations. Ketnra-
Ib£ from Loa Oato* Saaitay only f? 25p
OAKWNp HARBOR FERRY.
fr«m 6AS *TlA> CISCO. Koot oi Market St. (Slipit
-f.".\S IrtJO II-.COa.*. ICO 3.00 6.15 J-.K.
frona OAK LAND, root of Broadway — t«:CW U.m
tS:09 10.0P *j>. 1Z00 200 4 00 r «.
COAST LINE <Br»a4 «aaf «L
tr (talrd and Tgwasend %tt9tu.f
¦¦10* Saa J— aad Way Stations. - f.SQr
00* Saa Jos* aad Way Statins. S 38^
1.00a New Almaden <Taes_ Frld^ -saly). 4.1 Of
l-CO* The Coaster— Stops only Saa Jomj,
Ollroy (connection for BolUa.
ter). Pajaro. Caatravm* (con-
¦ectloa to and from Monterey
aad Paoiac Oror*}, 8»l!nas, Saa
Axdo. Paso Robles. SaaU M&r-
garlt*. San Lais Oblspa, principal
atattoaa theac* Barf (eonaeetloa
for Lompoe), principal s rations
tAence Santa Barbara,Saa Baesa*
?entara, Saagoa. LoiAmaiei... 184I»
••CO* taa Joaa. Tr*a Pino*. CaplMla.
santaCnu,P*clfleGroT«.8a:iaaa. .
Baa LnU Obltpo aad Principal
. Way Station ., - 4-13*
19??* *** J °»« » B<1 w »' S u Uon s. 1 .20*
1140a Sanu Clara. Saa Jose. Los OatM _ ._
aad Way StaUoB* 740r
140» Saa Jose and Way Stations CM*
I tOr Del Moat* Kxprrss— Santa Clara,
Saa Jom, Del Monte. Monterey,
Piclflc GtOTs (conaeots at Banta
Clara for Santa Cms, Boa^lar
Creek and Harrow Gaa je Polnu)
it O!I.-ot for HolUster. Tr«
Pino*, at CastroTlUo for SaUaa*. IMSr
J-SOf Tre* Pino* Way Paaaencer 10 43*
3Cr Baa Jom aad Way Sutloa* t3 00*
Mr S»a Jom. (tU Banta Clara) Los
Gates, aaa Principal Way 8w-
Uons (except Snndayl t* 00*
it ZOr SaaJe«eaadPrlaelpalWayStaUoa* 1343*
S-ttr tBBset Limited.— Redwood. Saa
Joif. O llror.S alias*. r**io Roblea,
Saa Lnl* Oblspo, Ssata Barbara,
Lo* Aagal**, b^ailnc. SI Pa*o.
New Orieaes. Stw Tori. Con-
aects at Pajar* for Saata, Cma
aad at Castrvrin* for Paclaa
GroT**nd Way Stadoa*. ....... 7-10*
tCISr Eaa Mateo, Ben!Sfora,Belmo»t.S»a
Csrlot. Redwood, Talr Oalu.
Heato Park. Palo Alto........... t8.43*
ttOr San Jom and Way Stattfaa..... MM S 33*
00* Palo Alto aad Way Sutloas....... 10.11*
ilJOT Souta9anrranclica.MIHorae.Bai-
llacsaae. ton Mateo, Bsmont,
Saa Carlo*. Badwood. T*tr Oak*.
Memo Park, aad Palo Alto...... t4&»
«114Sr aUrflahl. MountaJa Vis w^ Ssaay
• tale, Lawreace. Saata Clara aad
Saa Jo— ....... t»4*»
A f*r Moraia*. 1* far Aftiraawv
Itaaaaf except**. ¦ t Saaaay oaJj
m Satvrdaj oaly.
I Bum at an stations oa Svaftay.
car O»ly trains stopptnaas Valencia St. »rmfiW>«
irr 1 :10*.x,7:«A^, il:»*.M,»:30».n,«:»Fjr.*-**
MS KM -
Wt. Tamalpais Railway
" Xsm«« »Ja snsktiss tmrj I .*xcr*«
Bmrrmuam» fct *f Karttss fc a*ua Fran«facs>
WCC* StllV Stltt" W OCaf
Dayi. dars a<5w s2SV <lay« Vtr*.
TOl'ITool tWatfittSaUl liToTrfoTiia
*H4Sp »:OOa Ri HI l:35p9:S0r
SllJIp 1O:OOa %»JS35Slr l:IOr 3:S9>
, 11:OOa \^ ?»/ «:S*r •%»*»
, l:4Sr X^Qr •••g*r
n , .»¦»¦ I t,ma.\ ,
-*w—sstwta\a«yir .T
"TKUT i tdi Majuczt 5T,(.Nortii Sborc HailPoa4T
atftai \u000dnAuno9xxir.FootUuiMLSt.
Weekly Call 51 per Year
BAU.WAT- TRAVEL. v
V I* Costs You Nothing /
%^m~-i JLUlllJLL'lJLlL X 11 Li L ||
I You Gain Save \
W Money, time, trouble when planning «T
S your trip to St. Louis or Chicago by \\
S using the Union and Southern \\
W Pacific. We have thrqueh trains, fj
g fine tourist cars,' splendid scenery. I
1 S. F. BOOTH, General Agent; 1
I Montgomery Street, M
Or any Sogthern Pacific Agent. '^y^THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, JRIDAY, MARCH 25, 1904. '
12
THE^CALL
JOKK D. SPEECKELS. Proprietor.
Ifjifss Kamteowis in IQM KcSADGHT, Managr
W. J. MARTIN Business Manager
TELEPHONE^
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
cect You With the Department You Wish.
Publication Offlce Market and Third. S. F.
Sditorial Room....... 217 to 221 Stevenson st.
Delivered by Carrier*. 20 Cts. Per "Week. 75
Cts. Per Month. Slnrle Copies 8 Cents.
Terms by Mail. Including Postage <Ca*h \Wta
Order) : „
DAILY CALL Om-lud. Punday>. 1 year...$8.w>
DAILY CALL (lnclud. Sunday). « moe 4.OQ
DAILY CALI.r— By Single Month ««|
SUNDAY CALL 1 Tear -^
WEEKLY CALL 1 Tear X""™ V™
r DaJlv. . .$8.80 Per Year Extra
FOREIGN J Sunday. 4.15 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. \ x?*~v\y. LOO Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AF™2 RXZBD
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Cample Copies will be forwarded when re-
quested.
Mall subscribers in orderlcf change i of a4-
dres* should be Ffctti^* 1 " t0 ** ve both * EV/
AND OLD ADDRESS In order to Insure a
rrompt and correct compliance with their r»-
Queat.
OAKLAND OPT1CB:
U18 Broadway Telephone Main 1088
BERKELEY OFFICE:
8148 Center Street Telephone North 77
• WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
SAMUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf -Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. 31
rruon £<juare; Murray Hill Hotel; Flfth-aT*-
Bue Hotel and Hoffman Houee.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
er.em-.aji House: P. O. News Co.; Great
JCorthern Hotel: Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNESS..MarQuett« Building
(Long Distaace Telephone. "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE.
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON.... Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, comer Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
10f»S Market street, opposite Fifth; open until
II p. m. _
627 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open
ur.til 9:30 p ra.
RfHt Hayes street: open until 9:S0 p. m.
£39 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
CIS Larkin street ; open until 8:30 p. m.
15*41 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
22C1 Market street. ' corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
in<5 Eleventh street; open until 8 p. m.
1096 Valencia etreet; cpen until 8 p. m.
Nrrtheast corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until 9 p. ra.
JCorthvest corner of Twenty-eeeond and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. ra.
22O0 Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m.
BIEETIXG XOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1, K. .. ?_
T.— Regular as-nrmbly THIS EVEN- TM|"
ING at 7:30. Order of Temple. All S3
fraters rourteously invited. W
THOMAS H. BROWN, Commander.
T. L. HENDERSON. Recorder.
PACIr^*Lodg7"N«TlS6, F. and A. M.. ®
will n-.eet THIS EVENING at 7"*£V
cVlock. 3 I». /V\
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Sec.
fcPHKANZA Italian* Lodge No. 21fl, «
F. and A. M. — Special meeting THIS'Vy
<KRIDAY) EVENING. at 7:30/V\
eclork. Second degree.
G. SCALMANLN1, See.
APOLIvO I>odge No. 123, I. O. O.
Initiation THIS (FRIDAY»^J^»ft2«t
NIGHT. Mar. h 2.". b o'r!o'-k=^«5w*3
•¦harp. Also election for dele- £y '
pau-F to the Grand Lodge, I. o. O. F. Vis-
itors cordially invited.
GEO. C. TERRILL, N. G.
W. F. KOBCBO6& Rec. S^c
PSSSTDIO Lodge No. .T.4 I. O. :., ¦¦,._;
O F. Initlatioa THIS ' FR I - -r'^jfiSWjv
DAY) EVENING, March 2.'.-.^(5EX>*?
Vtoton wkome. *3)nffl&^
ANDREW NORIN, N. G.
W. H. EHARPE. Sec. .
6AN FRANCISCO Tent No. IS. .^rg^g^
K O T. M — TV. view THIS /GC----ij<»\
(FRIDAY) EVENING, at S /?23 ft *-£<l
©clock. Pioneer Hall. 24 Effij TO^ tjjj
t>* B. RICHARDS.,
Record Keeper. VQ^gggr
FIRST <iuarlerly social of the Mas- f—j^^
ter Mariners' Benevolent Assocta- |\^TJ^
tion, 10 l.e held at Red Men's Irjl^
Hall. ::2« Poet *V. SATURDAY T"
EVF.NING, Marf-h 26, l«O4. Dance at 8
o'clock fharx*. Tickets can be procured at
hall.
THE l^-tard of Medical Kxaminers of the State
, of California will hoid the regular exam-
ir.atkn in the examination rhamberp, <"ivll
S»r\iee Commission, <"ity Hall; San Fran-
i-scp. Cal.. April 5. 6 and 7, 190C. beginning
at U> a. m. Credfntials should be filed with
the M^cretary some dave before the exam-
ination. GEORGE G. GERE, M. D.. set-
ret a ry.
ANNUAL ireetfns — The annual meeting r-t the
stockholders of the WESTERN SUGAR
REUSING COMPANY will be held
et the offlce of the. company. No.
S2T Market et.. San Francisco. California,
on MONDAY, the 28th day of March. 1304, at
the ho-jr of 12 m.. lor the purpose of elect-
ing * board of directors to serve for the
ens-j.ng year, and the transaction or fucIi
rtrrrr business sj; may come before the meet-
ing. IVassfer books will close on Friday,
Marrh 1«. 1304. at 12 m. W. H. HANNAM.
Secretary
NOTICE cf Btrx-kholdert!' meeting of the United
Crude Oil Company <a corporation)— A stock-
holcers' meeting will be held at the com-
pany's office, room 4IR Parrott building, San
Frencisro. Cal.. on WEDNESDAY, April 13
l»04. at 12 o'olock noon, for the purpose of
electing a board of directors to serve for the
tnfotnc yeir and for the transaction of surh
«rfc«r t*j*ine«! .«» may be properly brought
before the above meeting.
- L. WOODBURT Secretary.
A WFKK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly fall
I'j »'*c»e. In wrr-pper. for mailing. $1 per year!
AGEMT.S WAVTED. ~ ~
AGENTS wanted throughout California" "ore-
gtn .<pd Washington r,y a n ew tontine ,11a-
mon,; 'company; liberal commission. Address
giving references. Manager. SOS Parrott bid.
.TV-r. wsrt a number of exi»rlenced canvassers
«t onre. 'White Sewing Machine Company
_»" Tott »t. and 1M1 Fl.lmorc st _ " p<ln> '
FFVF.RAL Al solicitors; g^od-paylng proposl-
tmn. AddreFS. giving references, 'Manage-
__:.'^_rarrott building. manage..
AGENTS wanted to sell patent article- can
T4K- *"•> per day. Address or call 114 Turk.
A D VXRTISEarEBTT WSITZKO.
HA VINO recently acquired through exchanee
o.' property three $40 scholarships In the best
ColUpe cf Adt-crtising In the United States
J will t*em at 25 per cent discount for
cash: the collere teaches advertising writ-
ing by correspondence and aeelsls Its grad-
uates to secure positions; catalorurs fur-
rV-.f-ii on at-Tllf.ttl«-n. Addre»s box 3026. Call
ATTOn.VEYS-AT-LAW.
A PRIVATE, quick dlvorcTfor (Traall fet
fee tne and rave money; no nay in *Av»n<>»
G- XiHKW 8 - ATTORNEY-AT-LAW aCe -
Eetsbllrbed 22 yrs.: nr.s. 1. 2. 3 4 & 6 lit fL
3122 Market «rt.. between Mason and Taylor
Advice fre« »J1 matters. Detective, employed."
R W KING. Attorney-at-Law. Exam. bldg7
6th Boor, entrance room 611: established
year*: ail cases, general court and office prac.
tics: no fte In advance or fer consulutlon-
evenings by appointment. TeL Red 3061.
CXVcnCE— tests. S12; iiulck. quiet; advic*
*t**: "-yen evenings. B27 Market St.. rm. 30L
I *~' 6 - CLARK. 027 Market ct.; consultation
free: no let* In advance: open evening*.
A WEEK'S tjewi lor 5 <ents— The Weekly Call
IB pages, in wrapper, for mailing. »1 per year!
ACTOMOBIXJ2S. ~~~
A— 1903 MODEL automobile (French make)
cost J1250. used very little; will sell for
*W0; all in rood running order. Gox.43K.'
Call offlce.
NEARLY new Winton touring car; flrst-claes
condition: must be sold Immediately: owner
r<-turns East March 30; cash only. WELLS
BROB.. 1719 Washington: phone East 1302.
CXOTHHTP aElfOVATIKO.
£t*ITS cleaned and preesed. $1; ecouring and
iyeirg. Bon March*. 40. Ellis et.. room 14;
pcooe Dnimm iL - Call for and deliver tree, ,
nPSIJTESS CHAKCBS— CcmtlnnecL
A— STRANGERS, ATTENTION I •
Are you looking for a cafe and profitable
business opening 'in San Francisco? If so.
we can offer you any number requiring an
Investment from $10O to $S0,0O0; every. busi-
ness opportunity that pasties - through *our
offlce must stand the closest . lnvestfgatlon,
and we can olace you in a store, factory',
hotel, mill, offlce, or. In fact, ' any business
you may prefer. Kindly call and Investigate.
GERMANIA INVEST CO., 927 Market st.
A — . MERCHANTS. ATTENTION!
Do you deslr* to enlarge your business, or do
you desire additional capital? If so, we can
furnish you with an active or silent partner
who will invest from $100 to $50,000; we
have a large number of desirable applicants
on our books seeking good business openings.
GERMANIA INVEST CO., 927 Market st.
A^ $100 REWARD ' .
Will be paid for legal proof showing that
any person ever lost a dollar who invested
any money throuch our company.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT COMPANY.
Incorporated under the laws of California.
Capital stock, $50,000.
827 Market St., rooms 821, 322, 823, 324.
"" A GOOD OPENING '
For a young man. who can Invest $SOO In a
high-class real estate office and nil position
of cashier; experience not necessary; invest-
ment secured and $20 weekly guaranteed. *
GERMANIA INVEST CO., 827 Market st.
" HOTEL FOR SALE. ~
New and modern; SO rooms; richly furnished,
complete and ready for occupancy; large din-
ing-room, with 16 tables and imported Vienna
chairs; the best carpets money can buy
throughout; finest linen, best silver service;
10 years' lease: price $10,000: easy terms.
GERMANIA INVEST CO., 927 Market -si
" A SAFE INVESTMENT.
51000 cash and services secure Interest and
offlce of treasurer in an Incorporated realty
and investment company; $150 monthly as-
sured; highest references given and required.
GERMANIA INVEST CO.. 927 Market st.
A^ 2 PER CENT MONTHLY.
On investments of ?100 and upward; no "gret-
rich-qulek" swindle or Rambling scheme, but
a reputable business estab. 3'year's In S. F.
GERMANIA INVEST CO.. 927 Market St.
~~ THE BEST INVESTMENT.
100 shares of irold stock of the Norton Bay
Co. $25; will be worth $200 by August, 1904.
GERMANIA INVEST CO., 027 Market st.
A— TAILORING ANd"hABERDASHERY.
A first-class tailor or' gentleman familiar
with gents' furnishing . goods can secure a
partnership la one : of the leading stores In
San Francisco: about $5O0O cash required.
GERMANJA INVEST CO., 927 Market st.
A— BARBER SHOP.
For sale, 4-chair shop: centrally located and
goodl established trade; sickness of owner
compels sacrifice of Immediate sale.
GERMANIA INVEST CO., 027 Market St.
A— LIVERY BUSINESS. :
Wanted, man with $40O0<cash to take . interest
In stable established 10 years: $200 monthly.
GERMANIA INVEST CO., 027 Market et.
LODGIXG-HOIJSES FOR SALE.
XTcAMERON~& CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy St.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for rooming-houses, hotels and
all kinds of business chances.
108 rooms; cheap rent; new and elegantly
furnished; up-to-date rooming-house; has fine
bar; can be run In conjunction If desired; ran*
chance for right parties; part cash, balance
can be paid out of house; other business inter-
ests demand Immediate departure.
. 126 rooms; rent only $4 per room; new and
up-to-date house; all men; electric elevator,
lights; long lease; clears $400 to $500 per
.month; one of the best buys in the city.
19 rooms; rent only $100; we.ll furnished; lit-
tle apartment house; reduced to $1100.
20 rooms; cheap rent;' close In;' thoroughly
respectable; all full; clears $100; part cash.
£6 rooms; corner; rent only $500; best down-
town house in city; electric elevator; well fur-
nished; guaranteed to clear $100 to $500 per
month: books open for inspection; everything
in flrst-claes shape; on account other business.
30 rooms; rent only $150; oak and cherry
fur.; flne carpets; close In; fine money-maker.
220 rooms: new and up-to-date apaxtment-
bouae; . luxuriously furnished; 5-year contracts
for cheap lighting; grand new building: clear-
ing $400 to $600 per month; obliged to leave
i city.
11 rooms; rent $40; close/ ( in: oak, cherry fur-
niture; Brussels carp<Jt«; clears $35. over . all
expenses; J400 cash, balance time; snap; $700.
46 rooms; rent only $65; well located hotel
south ol Market; fine bar; well stocked; brick
building: electric lights; everything pood con-
dition; part cash, balance time; price $2500;
will exchange this with good real estate for
large downtown house.
8-room upper flat; corner; all sunny rooms;
beautiful little gem of a home; price $730.
126 rooms; flne downtown corner house: pri-
vate baths; beautiful furniture; 2 entrances;
takes in $30 to $40 per day transient, besides
regular roomers; will bear Investigation.
21 rooms; corner; rent only $85; oak fur;
good carpets; housekeeping; all full; clearing
$70 over all expenses; 4 rooms landlady;
price $1000.
50 rooms; hew; modern apartment house: 10-
year lease; cheap rent; clearing $250 to $300;
very central; first-class proposition.
"1 rooms; elegant, new, modern building; In
one of the best cities In Southern California;
electric lights: hot and cold water: everything
up to date; Si-year' lease; rent only $200; clear-
Ing $250 to $300 per month; owner sick abed.
23 rooms: well, furnished; first-class tran-
sient house; 2 blocks oft Market; 5-year lease;
clearing over $100; gocd buy for some one.
31 rooms; rent $110; all light rooms; ¦ clear-
ing over $100 per mo.'; regular snap; only $S0O
to get In; must leave city at once; price $1300.
128 rooms: cheap rent; long lease: first-
class up-to-date downtown hotel; well fur-
nished; clearing $500 to $600 per month; must
sell on account of other business;. only with us.
9-room. new. modern flat; 4 months ;• elegant-
ly furatehed; cost over $1800; a bargain; sick-
ness.
50 rooms; elegantly furnished: fine location:
clone in; new and modern throughout: full and
cUsring $2.10 to $350 per month; must be sold
to settle an estate; only face of mortgage now
on it asked: chaace of a lifetime. ¦ .
90 rooms: part offices; elegant new building
and furniture; high-class location; beautiful
halls; everything modern; first-class grill In
connection; best proposition In' city; called
East. ,
24 rooms: rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
; nished: oak and mahogany; flne proposition:
ccod lease.
17 rooms; rent. wH $70; oak furniture; Ax-
minster carpets; fine location; clears $S0; fine
buy.
8 rooms; flne upper flat; rent only $30; can
be had by paying $150 down, balance time;
$150. . •
28 rooms; oak fur.; velvet carpets; close In;
can be run as boarding-house if desired; $1SOO.
1C2 rooms; most elegantly appointed apart-
ment house In San.' Francisco; beautiful, mod-
ern building; flne entrance; cheap r» at; clear-
ing $4C0 per month: 5-year lease; part cash,'
balance S per cent per year.
18 rooms', rent $85; well furnished ; all new;
JCOO down, balance 1}£ per cent; flne buy; only
|1250. - , ' ' ,
25 rooms': rent only $C0: north Market: a'll
full: clears $100 per .men th; price $1800; will
l exchange for small chicken ranch.
106 rooms; •- new; most- elegantly, appointed
family hotel in city; all full and clearing $400
to $G00 per month : books open for Inspection •
obliged to. leavo city.
7-room flat: rent; $40; oak furniture; good
carpets: eleknese ;. price. $350. . ¦. • •¦ •. ¦'•,-• (
72'roorns; rent $400; elegant' new building*
swell family , hotel; beautiful furnishings-
clearing $000 per month; every room full- will
stand the strictest investigation;- location^un-
surpassed; . " " ¦'¦:.:.' .. • •¦ .,
100 ROOMS. .Jiunny : corner, ; rent $125; .. .$4500
40 rooms, " south of Market, rent. $110.. 2600
, ' 4G roon>s. Mission warm belt, rent $05 °"50
20 rooms, summer resort, .. rent $400 yr. ¦ v S50
14 rooms, fine location.- rent low...... .-. 700
Hotels "and 'summer resorts. • ¦ .' .
EITEL & CARROLL, 212 Kearny st.
$lS00 FOR IS fine rooms; flrst-class house in
good locality. H. DOYLE. 1023, Market st.
$3000—30 ROOMS, newly furnished; flne loca-
tion;: must be sold. H.- DOYLE.. 1023 Market.
f 400 BUYS 8 rooms and bath ; fine . location ; !
near new Postof flee"; money-maker. 114 Sev-
enth 'st. • ¦ - '.•-. '. ¦- .- . - ¦ -
$1200 FOR 18 flne rooms; in good business lo-
cality; rent $75. II. DOYLE,. 1023 Market.
22 ROOMS; $S0O : flrst-class ¦ place: :ln : downT
town center. HARRT, DOYLE. 1023 Market.
ONE HUNDRED PER GENT PROFIT
IS OFTEN THE
II RESULT!
gPIRITCALI33U \
MRS. DR. MARTIN, wonderful splrtual healer
and business medium; readings daUy, $1; de-
veloping class Thursday 8 p. m. 50) Eddy st.
A — MATERIALIZING seance Friday Sunday
eves.. 32S Ellis at.; 50c. i
SEER. Egyptian Hindoo occult readfr; daily
dr.Wed-.Frl.. Sun., S p.m.; 10c. 32A.V Ellis.
MRS. LESTER, 122 Taylor; life read-, busi-
ness medium; read, daily; clr. to-n!gtit. 10c.
EDWARD EARLE. 1052 Ellis, reading daily!
9:30 to 4; stances Sunday and Thursday.
ELISE BRAUN. renowned psychic. My readinss
demonstrate my wonderful powers. SS6 Bush.
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted clairvoyant and
slate-writer. 1112 Eddy st. Phone Scott SS7.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
_ CLEAR VISION.
ATTRACTED BY AN INVITED FTELD—
THE SEMI-TROPICAL WONDERS OF THE
GOLDEN WEST AND THE MATCHLESS
CLIMATE OF* CALIFORNIA— PROF. LIVINO-
frTP.^V T P K GREAT MYSTIC. CLEAR
VISION, AND WONDERFUL EXPONENT
°4c. OCCrLTTSM . HAS COME TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO TO RESIDE. TO WORK AND TO DO
2°° D> PERMANENTLY LOCATED AT 423
morIn O -lfS ADINGS 5 A * D l2; N °
It If your duty to consult this rifted man.
H« can unravel tha most complicated skein of
difficulties, reliev* your mind and insure you
quick results, permanent happiness. 'Would
tt not be a relief to know how you will suc-
ceed, to b« relieved of matters that ar«i
troubling you. and of the schemes of your
enemies?
It is not necessajy that h« should acquaint
you in print of all tha ills one Is heir to and.
further, he dees not wish you to tell htm one
word. He claims to be able, and positively re-
fuses to accept ore penny unless you are per-
fectly satisfied and. further, ho never slights
any one m K!s work: all are the same- to him.
and h« believes such is the- verdict of s.11 who
consult him. Three separate reception parlors.
Hours. 10 a. m. to S p. m.
A GREAT CUT IX PRICES.
Call at once and sara Si.
Hla former $5 readings this week for
$1. $1. $1. $1. $1. $1. $t. $1. $1. $L
NO CHARGE NO CHARGE
Unless you obtain the Information for which
you consult him.
(You to be full Judge.)
PAUL DESTINE.
Tne flrst registered trance clairvoyant aad
Palmist ever In San Francisco.
Read carefully. An honest propostrien.
I do hereby solemnly agrne and guarantee
to make no charg* if I fall to tell your name,
occupation and what you called for: I prom-
ise to tell you if husband wlfo or sweetheart
Is true or false; tell whom and when you
will marry, in fact I will tell every hope,
fear or ambitton better than you can tell
yourself; I restcre lost affections, reunite tha
teparated. cause happy marriage, make you
successful In life, cure disease and lost vital-
ity. develor> mediums, give advice on mine*
and buried treasures and insure you success
or charge nothing for my services; 10 a. m.
to 8 p. m. : Sundavs. 2 to 6.
326— O'Farrell st.— 328.
"A man with a reputation." — New York World.
CARL ANTONIUS.
Clairvoyant. Trance Medium and HeaJer.
To Introduce his superior method*. Professor
Antonius will give readings at the reduced
price of $1 for one week, and will positively
make no charge unless you find him superior to
any palmist, medium or clairvoyant In tha city.
Hours from 9 a. m. to 8 p. m. daily and Sun-
day. Permanently located In his own home.
4S3 Geary st.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 11<H Market
et.. cor. Turk: private readlnsra dally lrt a,
m. to 5 p. m. ; readrf.ga by mail aa satisfac-
tory as in person; 3 questions answered. $1;
full life. $3: send i™-k of hair, date of y»ar
of birth: don't ?end currency : send postofflce.
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter!
A — Miss M. Wllle. 4C0 Oeary, clairvoyant, crys-
.tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tion; names given- special. $1; hours 10 to S.
A-MMK. BERXARD reads your life corrertty:
advice riven on all affairs of life; satisfac-
tion guaranteed; 2.*>e up. 17 3d. next Exam.
MISS ZEMDAR. vtran* rifted clalr. and raTrnT-
has second sight: a wonderful prophetess;
names: 1. 50c; g. $1. 714 Franklin, nr. fi.tl.av.
MME. RAVENNA. formerly 3 4th St., read3 Mfe;
business advice; names given; readings 50c I
week. Offices 835 .Howard, bet. 4th and 5th.
Mrs. AH. Kror.enberg. palms!, clairvoyant, card
reader :wJien others fail try me:good readies
1 10c. 721 Franklin. nr.G.G.ave. Tel. Larkin 4207.
MISS WARD, clairvoyant card reader; ladlea
50c; gents $1; hours 11 to 9. 01T Market 3t.
MME. LOVONIA, clairvoyant, palml3t— Read-
Ings this week 25c. 468 Jeysle st.. nr. Sixth.
OLDEST lady palmist and card read»r In city.
2,6^™ Kearny, room 20; ladles, 25c; gents, SOr-.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader. r»'
moved from 132 to 23H 6th ; 1. 25c. g. BOc.
MRS. BAUMANN. the well-known fortuns-
t»ller. U now at 317 Ellis st.
MRS.. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card r»ader: sit-
tings daily. 443ti Jessis St., bet. 5th and «th.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages.' rent to any address In th»
Vnlted States rr Canada one vear for 81.
E>1 PLOYMEXT OFFICES]
G~TOR~ftE~AbKir421 Poat st?: telT^Bush Isv^
Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
- nlshes best help; contracts for farm help. etc.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanes--
Chlnese help. 426 Powell st. Tel. Main 5762.
SCANDINAVIAN Female Employment Bureau.
504 Kearny st.. room 3; phone Black 4459.
CHINESE Employment Office — Best help at
Leon Seung's. 411 Va O'Farrell; tel. East 42tl.
FRITZ'S Emp. Office; Japanese and Chinese
help. 415 Stockton st. Tel. Grant 168.
RELIABLE Japanese-Ch!nes« Employment Of-
fice: all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 31&3.
CHINESE and Japanese hetp; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1307, BRADLEY A CO.. tttO Clay
EMPLOYMENT WANTK1J KISMALE.
A FIRST-CLASS cook for city or country: no
wa-jhin^; $4O. Apaly to J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. 034 Sutter st. . •.-. ¦:.->'
A RECOMMENDED neat young nurs'-glrl;
best of city references: $25. I At J. F.
CROSETT Jfe CO.'S. 334 Sutter st.
A NEAT, respectable middTe-agrd woman de-
sires work for a few hours dally or assist
with Hzht housework In small private tatn-
lly. Address MRS. L.. 153^ Fifth st.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman wants position in
family: good cook; city or country; good
home more of an object than wages. 1 1:;
Third st.. room 22. '
WANTED — Housework by strong, competent
woman with daughter along, who can work
for her board; will work reasonable. Call
1163 Market st.
REFINED young woman wants position aa
housekeeper for centleman; no objection to
children. Box 4011. Call office.
GOOD reliable young girl wants position as
chambermaid or second girl. CaH 823 Mis-
. slon st.
STRONG jlrl wants situation as chambermaid
in hotel. Address 370 Utah at.
YOUNG colored girl wishes a position for a
few hours' work. Call 1020 Pacific st.
WANTED — Position as cash girl. 1016 Mar-
ket St.
POSITION wanted by trained nurse in doctor's «
office; best of credentials; 10 years' experi-
ence. Box 4096. CaU' offlce.
A TOUNG English woman desire* a position
as parlor maid or chambermaid In high-class
family; New York City references. Address
A. N.. 1381 Stevenson St.. city.
WOMAN, cook or will do laundry or chamber;
boarding-house preferred. Address J. K.. 246
Third St.. room 24.
SITUATION by elderly American woman for
housework and cooking; *a;es moderate;
good home. MRS. SMITH. 22 H Seventh st.
WANTED — Work by strong, competent woman
with daughter, who can work for her board;
wages reasonable. Call 1163 Market st.
YOUNG German girl wants a position In up-
stairs work and waiting; wases $25 to $30
Box 4008. Call offlce.
YOUNG German girl would like a position for
second work aad waitress; wages $25. Box
4007. Call offlce. » '¦ - ;V* vT
YOUNG lady.' German. I wishes position aa gov-
erness or companion; also teaches French
Address 3323 Clay at. . . -
COMPETENT middle-aged New England wo-
man wishes position aa cook; city or coun-
try. 331 O'Faxrell it . r c .
WANTED— A place as maid; no objection to
travel; best of reference*. Box 4003. Call.
I inr;T\»;yior?:R<i For* str.r: r*»-»J
CENTRALl';* located corner house; 54 rooms;
. nicely fur£ahed; rent $225; long tease; must
be sold. jt'ILSOX. 400 Taylor et.
FOR SALEI-A lorlglng-house. 30 rooms; new
and well Appointed: centrally located. Box
4t!01. CaHjofflce.
FOR SALl|-23 rooms; lodging-house; clears
$S3 ever low rent; Investigate. Box
.L'7t>4. Calif office. • '
CARPET/ BEATI.XG AXD CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S l'ioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 255-357 Tehama st.-; tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 18CD Har-
rison St.; Al cleaning; 3c. Tel. Mission 225.
CON KLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
.{33 Goldrn Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
HOPKE BROS.: excellent carpet beating; mat-
tres3ts madti over. 1432 Howard-.tel.South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.:
tel. Mam 304. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating -works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st.: tel. Mission 263.
'__CBEPIT CLOTHIERS. ; ~
C. F. ADAMS CO. ~ ' .'
t> SPECIAL CREDIT STORE. r ¦*
¦ We clothe the whole family from - hats to
shoes; everything up to date at cash prices.
Credit for all. 318 Mason st.' '
_ DENTISTS. ~~~
DR. LUDLUM IflLL, 1443 Market' ni; Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new;. teeth
frcm $3 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
A NEW- plate — The Whalebone— cannot ' break :
warranted 20 yrs; crown. $3 60; fillings. 60c:
plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
ARTHUR CIIISHOLM. surgeon-dentlst.r.l4.1st
floor. Phelan bid.. 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
DR. ¦ H. 4 G. YOUNG— Bridges and teetb. with-'
¦ out plates specialty, y 1841 Polk st.
GOLD fillings 75c; silver, 35c: crowns. $2: no
pain; open Sundays. 'Dr.O.B.Hewltt.204 Sutter.
PARIS Dental Parl6rs. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush—
Pet teeth. $1 50 up: crowns. $2 up; fillings. 25c.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESS KS
Accordion, sunburst anB knlfe-pialtingTdouble
stamps on dre*s linings. Stewart's button and
buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor; tel. Folsom 2121.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—*
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt,"
EIIUCVTIONAL.
AT"hTme In our new quarters, the largest, best
lighted and most delightful place of business
.study in tho entire West. New,
extcr.sive departments. Thorough, inspiring
Instruction. 75-page catalogue on request.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS #COLLEGE, 801-
925 Golden Gate ave. .
\YRES, the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket st.: established 18 years; the school that
secures positions for graduates; Just added 25
new typewriters; catalogue free.
HEALirS~BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST. S.
F —Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branches; day
and night sessions; Illustrated catalogue free.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university. ¦ law and medical colleges;
ref President -Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor; day and evening sessions. Phetan bldg.
A LARGER and better school than ever: enter
at once if you desire a good position; Grew
shorthand. .Ellis bookkeeping.-. S. F. Business
College. 1236 Market st.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. mln.. mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. ev.; est. 1864. Van
• der Naillen School. 113 Fulton. nr.'Clty Hall.
SOCIAL dances Wed.. Thurs.. Sat. and Sun.;
• classes Monday?. Fridays. Louise Foster's
School of Dancing. . 1558 Market, nr. Larkin.
ATTEND Gallagher-Marsh Business College on
• advice • of . official court reporters and be com-
| petent stenographers. - 13S2 .Market; catalog.
WESTERN Business College;Odd Fellows' bid.;
bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing, arlth..
spelling, writing, etc.; day eve.; $4 mo. eve.
HEALD'S Schoofof MInes&Electrlcity. 24 Post
,st.. -S. F.; a. practical school of engineering;
-complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
HINM AN'S . Academy. - a - thorough school of
. dancing; established 20 years. . 1412 Polk St.,
bet, ' Pine and . California; classes now open.
SPANISH— A practical and progressive meth-
od. RAFAEL SERRANO. K0 California, r- 4-
BANJO, i mandolin ' and . guitar thoroughly
taught; orchestra practice. 462 Geary at.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano. $3 'per mo.;
mandolin club $1 per mo. 828 Haight st.
SCHOOL OB" ILLUSTRATION Day and
; PARTINGTON'S. 421 Pine St.— Night class.
PIANO lessons, 25c half hour. MRS. PECK.
experienced teacher. 1013 . Mission, nr. Sixth.
SPANISH. French.etc. PrOf.DeFllippe'sAcademy
of language, 320 Post;estab'C1871;ablest prof 9.
¦ ; CUBES XUFTUME. ¦_¦__¦!__¦
WHO?— Hunter. 1206 Market at.: $100; ruptur*
cure for. $10; circular explains; send 'for one.
T.'»n<:i%f; ii'»r«;ir.s r«R nai.k — row.
A— ¦:¦ -.V".. T~
MAHION GUIFFIN.
406 Hearst huilding, over Examiner entrance.
Modern buslne.-s methods in fine front offices.
Phone Black, "«07. or take elevator to 4th floor.
Up-to-date title abstract free with every sale.
We do business strictly according to law.
STOP AND. THINK ,•'¦'••¦
Before buyinc: call on my .only agent, MA-
RION GRIFFIN, and he will tell you all
about my 40-room house; every room large
and ligiit; low rent; lease 'for three years or
more; price at bedrock ; part cash; will net
over $150 profit Her month. ,.
24 -LARGE sunny rooms 4 blocks north of
'Market. St.; well furnished and "all occupied
by permanent roomers; -nets $1*2 per month,
aa rent is culy $3 per room, and price only
$1(300. Exclusively for sale by MARION
GRIFFIN. f
— — — — — ______————
DEPENDABLE houses are In demand: here's
one MAHION GRIFFIN has : for sale because
tne owner has urgent business, in Eastern
. States; 35 rooms; steady Income $411; rent
$125. -¦¦:.; ¦ ¦ : -.-.- ¦..::. ¦ ¦
"A FACT 'AND A FORTUNE."
.We offer, a 117-room house for $0500; it Is
thoroughly respectable and tho. profit is about
$400 per month. It is no wonder. there is such
a- fortune In -such a . house, for , It is a fact
that the population - of this city Is (and has
been for three years) growing at tho rate of
25,000- yearly. •'Respectfully' yours, %
... . : - MARION GRIFFIN.
"A WORD TO WIVES."
MARION GRIFFIN can show you an 8-room
flat - north , of Market st.> In which you can
make 5TO over your house rent; you need only
pay $125 down. • .... .-..¦'..''¦¦¦'•¦ ¦' - ¦.
" ' " NEW ONE 37.
j You' 11 'surely be "on .velvet" when you walk
on these carpets. : The .furniture? Why, it's
that ultra fashionable golden oak and blrdseye
maple. The. building?- It's on; a sunny corner
an.1 ', the > exterior appearance » is grand > and
majestic. 'Twill ' not require? much money to
put • you > In ' possession. • Leasehold ? It has a
duration of 5 years. See MARION GRIFFIN.
MITCHELL & ; CO. .". . . .... .Phone I Jessie j 2081
. ,1206 Market st.. 'Opposite; Sixth. - ! '
16 rooms; neat, sunny, two -floor house; rent
$40;* sell or exchange; price $650.
65rms.: downtown house; 'steady; transient;
clearing $350 monthly; handsomely furnished.
'26 rms.Vcholce corner, rooming-house; unex-
celled for. transient as well as -steady roomers.
25 rooms;; well-appointed housekeeping suites;
landlady must sell ; . make : offer.
i .-MITCHELL '& CO.". 1206 Market at.
BUSINESS CUAXCEB.
A— f 1000; SALOON and liquor store on Sixth
rt.;»**nt |30; business O K. but owner is en-
raged In other business; must sell at once.
R. G. WrLJCE. 26H Kearny St.
A — J45O0; COFFEE, tea and crockery store; one
of the leading businesses of this kind and fn
choicest location In this city; rent $C5; all
cash trade; stock will Invoice S4000; a very
rare char.ee. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 2t>H
Keamy et. ¦ •
A $ISCO — CORNER clfc-ar stand on Kearny:
rent $85; lease; a good business; come and
Investigate. R. O. WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
Al BLOCK of land, 300x300, In San Leandro
with house of 4 room:; Income (400 per
year from fruit; will exchange for dairy
ranch. Call R. G. WILKE. 2«H K&aray st.
A— $2uC0— SALOON In wholesale district; rent
$t>0; place established many years and good
paying. CaH R. O. WILKE. 26^4 Kearny st.
A — $»oc:O — CORNER erocery and bar on Larkin
rt., doing a fine cash business; value in
Blrht; fre«h Etock ; no better location in this
city. See R. O. WILKE. 26^ Kearny it.
A— $2000 — COFFEE ealoon and restaurant on
waterfront, close te Market et. ; place estab-
ll«hed yoars and well paying; dally receipts
about »C0. CaU R. O.WILKK. 26^ Kearny.
A— $1100— SALOON*, with 8 rooms; close to
Kearny and Bush ste; rent $75; leaee; place
easily clears 1200 per month; nice fixtures,
choicest dock of liquors. All particulars of
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — $1100— DELICATESSEN and dairy produce
store: rent $40; daily receipts $46; plao*
clearing about $175 per month. R. O.
WILKE. 26^ Kearny St.
A-<1^50— CORNER grocery and bar on
O'FlarreH st.; place kept by present owners
8 yean and doing; a good paying cash busi-
ness; fresh stock; value in sight. R. G.
•WILKE. 20^4 Kearny st.
A— $650— CORNER bakery. with 4 living
rooms; about '1 blocks north of Market St.;
. will be sacrificed if sold at once; owners to
leave city. Call R. G. WILKE. 26fr Kearny.
A— $0000— CORNER ealoon with 5 years* lease;
close to Flood building; this la the choicest
location in this city and a nrst-class paying
business. Sf« R. G. WILKE. i-'CH Kearny st.
A — $750 — CANDY store and Ice cream parlors,
with stationery.- etc.. on Devlsadero St.; 3
living rooms; \ a', splendid location and good
business, t Sfitft^ <*• WILKE. 26Va Kearny.
A— $3000: COfefhay and prain yard; on Ocary
et.; rent JJ^jftare: 3 horses, 6 wagons; busi-
ness estab. •years; investigate at once; a rare
chance.' CaIl:R.G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $1650; COR. saloon with 4 rooms and bath;
rent $50;. leaee; a first-class paying place In
choicest location ! $150 per month clear guar-
anteed. R. G. WILKE. 26»4 Kearny st.
A— $1200; COFFEE saloon and bakery in
choicest location; rent $80; daily receipts
about $70; ' a good business, but sickness .of
owner compels him to retire. Particulars R:
G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st. '
A— $850; CORNER cigar stand, doss to Mar-
ket and Stockton sts.; rent $75; a splendid
location and rare business chance. See R.
G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A BAKERY across the bay. with lot 60x100;
houte of 4 rooms, 2 stories; 2 horses, wagon,
etc.; price $3600; not .all cash required; a
pood business. Call on R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny st.
A. CAMERON & CO Phone South 1060
3 Eddy st.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
Oyster and chop houses $360 to $1000
CRndy and Ire cream parlors $200 to $2500
Barber ehops $500 to $2500
Cigar stands J350 .to $2000
Groceries and bars $500 to $5000
Saloons , $300 to $10.000 s
Restaurants }3.V> to .*20,f>00
Fruit and vegetable stores $300 to $1000
Drug stores $2000 to $6000
P"l!catef*en etore* $2.V> to $4500
Wood and coal yard? $250 to $1000
A FIRST-CLAgS opportunity for druggist or
doctor; fine location for drug store; gocd fix-
tures, counters and showcase; rrnt only $60;
businewi already established; with 6 rooms
and bath In r^ar; elegantly furnished
throughout; everything complete for houi«e-
keeping of the best quality; price $1800.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR* sale or trade — Quartz mines: fine prospect:
located In Cal.; assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for r'mg-house or business. Cameron, 3 Eddy.
FOR sale — Well located candy store; all equip-
ment for making own candies; established 8
yare; clean* over $200 per month: will in-
voice about $1200. CAMERON, 3 Eldy st.
FOR Fal? — One of the best restaurant* in cltr:
cheap rent; receipts $75. to $100 day: win
bear investigation; price $1500. CAMERON
ft CO.. 3 Eddy tt. ¦¦
FOR sale, or will trad* for small ranch— Fine
hardware and electrical supply Btore: well
livated: clearing $3<v> per month: first-class
proposition: will stand strict Investigation:
price KEftfK). CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
GRAND opportunity for two thorough business
men to eet into th*> livery busings; we have
one of the best paylne livery bwMnenses ever
cTered in Fan Francisco: stable owning about
40 hnrsrs. working every day. besides a num-
ber of boarders; only those meaning busineitR
need apply: Rood reasons for selling: will
bear closest Investigation. 1007% Market, r.l.
SUMMER resort: finest climate; h| B payer:
comrlet": r.esr city; sickness; investigate.
1«^7% Market st., room 1.
$,TTiO— PARTNER wanted in established enm-
mlssion business clcarins $l">0 monthly: will
give bank references: experience not re-
qulred: grand opportunity. 1007% Market, r.l.
$1400 — FINE large grocery and bar:near water
front: splendid mon-y-maklnjr place for rleht
party. Sop H. DOYLE. 1023 Market, nr. 6th.
BAKERY and complete line of delicacies to be
had for $350: rent $12: fine trade and rare
business chance, if. DOYLE. :023 Market.
RKSTAT-RANT of 14 tables must be sold at
sacrifice-: splendid loc. II. Doyle, 1023 Mkt.
EXCLUSIVE rlghtn of a valuable U. S patent-
will rell at sacrifice., not being In a position
to handle Fame; a few hundred dollars can-
not be spent more Judiciously than In pur-
chase of this patent. Box 400«. Call office.
WANTED— A partner In a manufacturing bus-
iness; a liquid to kill all kinds of lnsectn.
files etc.. at email cost: there is a large field
for the sale of this article and big profits
1 1 -he right party. Box 4313. Call office.
FOR cale — A large, well paying bakery, with
large cake trade and 8 to 6 barrels of bread;
latest Improved wagens and fl good horses;
only a short distance from city. Inquire II.
P. PETALS, 218 California St.
FOH PALE— Either whole or half interest in a
grnfnt merchandise store In a good town
In no? them part of State. Address for nar-
tlculars box 4354. Call office.
COKNI'H grocery and bar with 3 living rooms
fr.r t-ale: well established: rent- very low,
$35; place w«ll storked and will sell cheap-
Co agents. Box 2902. CaU office.
FOR eale— Bakery; large *to.*k and pond fix-
tures; low rent and good location. Address
Cell office.
FOR Bale— Grocery and bar: good business;
clean stock. I] vine rooms: lease; $1000 Ad-
dress JAMES ROURKE, 4198 Fifteenth Rt.
$75— STEADY jnan as partner in light manu-
facturlng business; wholesale and retail-
good pay. 310 Folsom st.
PHOTO supply store: $1000; good locality, this
city; good future; will exchangA for property.
Information apply 10 a. m. to 12 ra., 134 12th.
DELICATESSEN, dairy, produce etc.; fine
bjsints and good location: good 'stock; price
$1200. Andreas box 42S3. Call office.
GROCERIES and bar; transfer point: near
GoMen Gate Park; will sell for $1300- no
agrjts. . Box 27C5. Call offlce. . '
'CIOAI; stsnd for eale on Montgomery st. close
to Maikrt* in a good location for business.
Box 2074 Call office. ' ..'«•.
t<55 — COFFEE house; rent '$5 per month; one
chance In lifetime. 732% Montgomery st.
¦WANTED— Business partner ¦ for ! store and
contracting. 1934 Market st.
ONE-CHAIR barber shop In country hotel lor
?al.e. Bex 4016. Call.
A GOOD variety store; low rent; living rooms;
bargain; must go East. 1501 Devisudero st.
$400 — CANDIES and. pastry; 3 - furnished
rooms: big stock: good trade. Box' 4020. Call.
CIGAR store and laundry office; . good estab-
lished business. Box 4313, Call office.
CU ".AH stand: A No. 1 location; rent reason-
able: price $1500; large stock. Box 4258. Call.
CIOaK stand- In wholesale district for sale
Bex 4301. Call orflce. - ¦¦'¦.-. >¦-¦.
WANTED — A delicacy store; one - well estab-
lished- atatft price asked. Box 4C02. Call.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception/
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened »t IOCS Market Et.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. --- ¦ ¦ ' ¦»¦¦.-•».¦ -¦^-¦.
BAD tenants ejected for $1; collections made;
«"lty or country. Pacific Collection Co.; 415
Montgomery, rooms 8-10; tel. Main &580.
FREE TO CLASSIFIED ADVERTISERS' ¦;"
THE BEAUTIFUL POSTER PICTURE
."QUEEN OF THE .BUTOEtlES*
¦ ¦ -.. ! ¦--¦¦.. y - ¦ .
A STRIKINGLY ORIGINAL CONCEPTION IN COLORS, PRINTED ON
HEAVY AND HIGHLY POLISHED BRISTOL* BOARD, jt SIZE i 6x20.
"QUEEN OF-THE* BUTTERFLIES."- --
This clever and exclusive study can be obtained by placing a WANT AD in next
Sunday's CALL, and in no other way can one be secured. .
Premium will be given Thursday, Friday and until n p. m. Saturday; after that
hour offer will be closed. - - .' :
Tell your WANTS in next Sunday's CALL and you will be direct to
over*85,ooo regular subscribers of that popular and valuable advertising medium. It is.
safe to figure on an average of three renders to every Sunday CALL issued, so you
are really talking to 255,000 persons, most of whom are home people, consequently a
well-to-do and desirable class of our community to consider in locating your wants
and . advertising your wares.
' Premiums can be obtained by presenting advertisements at:
OFFICE of the San Francisco Call, corner Market and Third streets;
open until 12 o'clock every nieht in the year. • .
BRANCH pFFICES:
1008 Market street, opposite Fifth; open until 11 p. m.
527 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
\ • ."300 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p.m.
639 McAllister street: open until 9:30 p. m.
fil5 Liarkln street; open until 9:30 p. m. ¦
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth ; open until 9 p. m.
_JL_ ' Eleventh street: open until Op. m. : •
109G Valencia street; open until 9 p. m. f
Northeast, corner Church and Duncan streets: open until 9 p. m. x J
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Kentucky streets; open until 9 p.m.
'. 2200 Fillmore street;. open until 9 p. m.
OAKLAND OFFICE: ._ „ . ' AO _
1118 Broadway Telephone Main 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE: '. ;j „
2148 Center Street ? ......Telephone North 77
AMMEDA OFFICE: , i,;
Schneider's Book Store «. '...... Tark StreetTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 25, 1904.
13
IN A WANT AD IN THE CALL
OBTAINED FROM AN
INVESTMENT
¦Prc^TV^'TEn—MA^
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. 420 Bush st.
Government work. State of Nevada-
Fee SI Special rate fare
Teamsters, laborers, rockmen $2-$2 Co
Ship daily Boss here
10 muckers for tunnel $2 and free fare
Vegetable gardener, Nevada, see boss he re. $40
Several ranch plowhands. $25; milkers, $S0;
German blacksmiths and helpers. $40-$;i0
and found.
Head cook, country hotel, no baiting $83
Cooks and dishwashers, day and night
shifts $I3o
Waiter, arm work. State of Nevada, free
fare $45
Vegetableman. country hotel $30
Middle-aged man, storekeeper, country
hotel, boss here $40
Bellboy, S18 found.
Patent urn cgffee man $35
Valet, gentlemen's club • $(10
Silver checker. $40; oysterman, $45; lunch-
man. {45.
3 waiters, city $4O
C. R. HANSEN 4 CO ...429 Bush at.
BARBER elion for sale; 8' $90 chairs, high
grade combination; every piece of furniture
the best; 200 miles south; good town; rent
$15; lease; price $1300; doing best business
In the town of 2000 population. Apply
BECKEL & PRESHER. 367 Twelfth sf..
Oakland. ' -
BARBERS — 3-chair shop for sale; easy
terms. Addrew box 4018. Call office.
WANTED— Several brlcht boys. 16 to 18
years old, good references, to learn a whole-
sale business; salary $15 per month to begin
with; reply in ©wn handwriting. Box 4112,
Call office.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, 'has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver Houso,
217 Third St.; 250 rooms: 25c to 50c per night.
BRIGHT boy who lives at home to run elec-
tric passenger elevator In wholesale house;
etate axe and references. Box 4117, Call..
BARBER3. attention! For sale — Complete out-
fit of 10 porcelain tub' baths, with water
heater. 528 Broadway. - • •
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foot-form -hoes at $2 50; we pay
-express or mall charges. 11 3d st.. Exam. bid.
BOY. 14 years old. In grocery store. FLAD-
MARK'S, Baker and Fulton st.
HUSTLING young man; $15 start! Call 0:30
mornings. MR. KEYES, 88 Murphy building.
WANTED — Salesman, drapery and curtain de-
partment. R. & CO., box 4113. Call office.
WANTED — Young man who is an experienced
express dry goods wrapper. Apply bet. 9 and
11 a. m. at HALE BROS'. ¦ ¦ ¦ - -
WANTED — Bootblack, boy preferred. Arena
Barber Shop. 11*51 Jefferson St., Oakland. ;.
YOUNG men (sailors) wanted for steamer*.
29 Montgomery ave.
BARBER shop for sale: 3 revolving chairs:
completely fitted. H. BERNARD. 104 7th at.
HALF interest in barber shop.^ 611 Commer-
cial st. •
Pension Atty., E. A. Bullls, r. 40. Phelan bldg.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G. A. R.
MAN to do janitor work for tuition in S. F.
Barber School. 741 Howard et.
YOUNG men. sailors, blacksmiths, carpenters,
green hands, for ships. Herman's. 27 Steuart.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms; 35c night; reading-rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, hall
price. 5_S Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 563 Mjeslon St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
SOLICITORS WA-TTEP.
WANTED—
Ladies or gentlemen; guaranteed salary $73
to $100 per month and expenses, traveling or
local, and In addition we will pay all your
expenses to St. Louts Exposition and return;
Investigate at once. Call at 47tf 13th at . r. 7,
Oakland. MRS. SARAH H. MOTT. Manager.
AXD WAGOXSU "
REGULAR auction sales of horses, buggies, -
wagons and harness every Monday at 11
o'clock at 615 Ellis st. ; all horses guaranteed
. to be as represented. S. WATKINS. Auc-
tioneer." Phone East 743. • "'* "
AUCTION Bale of horses every Wednesday at
11 a. m.. 327 Sixth St.; every, horse must be
as represented or money refunded. JOHN J
DOYLE. Auctioneer.
$75— BAY mare; good driver; also good under
saddle; musi be sold at once. Apply to L.
J. MORAN. 2131 Shattuck .ave.. opposite
Berkeley station. 1
SAN FRANCISCO Veterinary College— Next
session b'glns June 6. Catalogs by applying to
DR. E. J. CREELKY. 510 Golden Gate ave.
SO HEAD young stock. 7 to 14 months old.
Apply J. I-EIPSIC. 1421 Buchanan st.
D-. J. H. Halton, veterinary surgeon. Office.
hospital moved 814 Folsom; tel. Jessie lOOfi.
HORSE 6 years old for sale. Box 2961. Call
office.
WANTED — A horse for driving: state price,
etc. Box 2975, Call office.
WANTED — A good sound work horse about
1200 pounds. Box 2003. Call office.
CAMPING house wagon; great for theatrical
parties. Owner at 640 Howard st.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon
and go-cart for sale, cheap. 532 Mission st.
Largest assortmt 2d-hand wagons, buckbd, sur-
rey.harness.work.drlvlng horsm. 15th- Valencia.
HOUSES TO LET.
-,. 1- - L rn-i. 1 1 n-ir.- 1 -i - — ¦-.-.r.i-. r. ¦¦¦..|.i- l 1-, r._i ¦_i^- 1 _n,,-, r , f ,,.,,, _,^
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H.UMBSEN _ CO., 20 Montgomery.
MCALLISTER. 12C9— 12 rooms, bath and bll-
llard-roorn; $60; water free; modern.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Post St.
HO (-8 tCg TO L-CT KtiltN_SUI_n.
A— -10 LARGE rooms, piano, bath, basement,
heater, laundry, lafce garden, conservatory;
sunny side Sacramento st., near Pierce; will
lease. For rermlt to Inspect apply to SPECK
& CO.. -O3 Montgomery st.
LOSTAKD FO.XP7~
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernla Sav-
Ings and Loan Society of San Francisco In
the name of JOHN CH. GERMER, No.
l_(S-29«. The finder will please return to
bank.
LOST — Scotch collie bitch pup; color white,
with sable ears and sable spot on center of
back; answers to name of Queen. Finder
please return to undersigned and receive re-
ward. JOHN J. ROWE. 1708 Mission st.
LOST— March 15, on Mission et.. bet. 3d and
'4th. black male fox terrier, white chest. 4 tan
feet, short tall. Return 2«2 Tehama st.: lib-
eral reward.
STRAYED — Great Dane dog. 4 white feet: col-
lar and license on. Return to HAYDEN'S
market, 120 Ninth st.. city.
LOST— National Union emblem; diamond set-
ting. Return to 23 Spear st.. S. F.; reward.
LOST — Esquimaux bitch; name~2a_a- with
harness. Return 230 Taylor gt. ; reward.
. MEDICAL. '
A— LADIES, if you are suffering from Irreg-
ularltiea or any ailment, you will avoid dis-
appointments by consulting me flrst. My
method of treatment Is positive and harm-
less and I guarantee immediate relief from
any cause or make no charges. Advice free.
Call or write DR. r-yLVESTER, 219 Kearny!
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relief
from Irregularities consult me at once; my
methods arc always safe, painless and reli-
able; I have no failures; cure guaranteed: no
.exorbitant fees; 17 years' experience in all
female disorders: call or write without delay
advice free; correspondence confldential
. DR. WHITE. 702 Market St.. rooms 7 and 8.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all femaU
| complaints and irregularities; instant relief
, guaranteed; 30 years' experience. 82C Post st.
I MP.8. DR. KOHL, reliable epeoiallst for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; instant re-
Uef guaranteed. 1008^ Market st., opp. 6th.
DR. G. W. ODONNELL— All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints: positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated*
advice free. Office. 1018 Market st.
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk, nr. Van Ness — Expert
In obstetrics, female complaints; Inst. relief-
treatment $10; hours. 10 to 5; 25 -years' exper!
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market—Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; beet medical care; low fees. •
DR. ROSEN resides 2095 Folsom St.. corner
26th; ladles, relief or no t- $10.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS-
original method of treatment. . 1128 Market st.
DR. NO, TOY KEE ( 310 Powell st. opposite
Union square; all diseases cured by herb*.
REAL ESTATE — CITV — FOR SALE.
"^REAT~SUCCKSS.
WESTERN - ADDITION BLOCK SELLING
FAST.
LARGE LOTS IN JORDAN TRACT IN BIG
DEMAND.
PRICES S17U0 TO $1850.
A short time ago Western Addition block
No. _55. a. portion of the Jordan Tract, was
offered for sale In lots, mott of which are
not less than 33:4x120. since which time 8 lot*
have been sold In spite of Inclement weather.
Building restrictions which hold good for 10
years will be enforced. These restrictions pro-
hibit the use of the property during this pe-
riod for stores, laundries, coal yards, etc.
Three-story flats are also barred.
These restrictions and the large lots are at-
tracting a superior class of purchasers who
believe that » block sold In this manner will
Increase in value, as well as those who want
to make desirable improvements without the
fear of being Injured by their neighbors.
.Terms of sale are one-flfth cash, balance in
4 yearly payments of one-flfth each, due in 1.
2. 3 and 4 years, with the privilege of paying
faster.
The property enjoys unexcelled car facilities,
being reached by the Geary. Eddv and Sacra-
mento st. lines, as well as the Sutter-*t. road,
which transfers to the Clement-st. line.
- The prices range from $52 50 to $55 a front
foot, which Is extremely low for property so
well situated. Since the property was placed
on the market 8 lota have been sold, The
streets are all SO feet wide, graded, sewered
and macadamized.
LYON & HOAG,
116 MONTGOMERY ST.
$10,S50: cash $2000; 3 swell flats not yet com-
pleted, but rented for $1200 per year; Seventh
ave. boulevard. 7CO-.-4, near Fulton St.; 16
minutes from City Hall; all niuht car serv-
ice: every possible latest improvement. In-
cluding bltuminlzed street; 25x120. Apply on
premises from 2 to 5.
BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY.
INSTALLMENT HOMES, 512 Callaghan bid.,
will build en your property of buy you a lot:
$8 a month pays principal and Interest on
each $1000 of balance due, making your In-
stallments less than rent; send for circular.
$1.25 PER WEEK, no Interest. Lots "in the
Excelsior Homestead Tract; all level, no
grading to do; ready to build your little bome
on; cloee to electric cars and school.
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery St.. Room 3.
$2750— HOUSE. 6 r. and b.. with stable; 4029
-t'th st.; small payment down. bat. like rent.
$1200 — For 2 cottagea . on 37:6 ft. of
ground; .rents $S nonth each: Arlington st.
D. COFFIN &.CO.. 3303 Mission st.
BUILD on your unimproved realty; w* lcaa
fall cost improv. and part lot at 6 per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building
$225 — FINE level lot: near school; must be
nold. Apply 3316 Mission St.
12-ROOM home must be sold for mortgage.
S(H Ellis. '_
LATEST system sanitary plumbing by AHL-
BACH * MAYER, plumbers. fOC, Howard.
I'OLXT HICI1MOM3 REAL. ESTATE.
ALTA PUNTA TRACT.
Stege; on Santa Fe electric road; $270 per
acre; building lots $100; orchards and bulld-
,'r.gs $»00 per acre: monthly payments; send 1
t(V maps. HAIGHT. 401 California st..S.F.
REAL ESTATE — Country — ~op Sal*.
FOR tale — Country homes In every county In
California, at all prices, from $450 00 to
$73,000 CO. lmmtsri list to select from. U
you want land of any kind call on
HOWE & MERRITT.
952 Broadway. Oakland.
FIFTY-TWO acres. Including growing hay,
near R. R. ; Yolo County: cash or exchange
town lot; $2CC0. B. H. TARR, 217 Parrott
building.
$10 A MONTH buys a 10-acre farm.
$200 profit per annum per acre.
Write for booklet It's free. 603 J st.
WRIGHT & KIMBROUGH. Sacramento. Cal
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards:- Inspected bargains; monthly :ata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 643
Market »t.
FOR sale or to lease — Nearly flve acres.' crop.
Improvements. Address II. N. ROYDEN,
222 Main st.. San Mateo.
KHAI. KSTATE To 15-S.CHAJfGB.
£5o?ooF7?l1Eaiv~ wn ~~~~ """'" " ""^ """" ' •
:W0O acres orange land In Florida In ex-
change for a California home; bay counties.
WM. P. TODD. 1070 Broadway. Oakland.
MILL VALLEY ADV'BT'S'M'TS
MILL VALLEV REAL ESTATE.
SELLING FAST.
Selling Fast.
100 Sold Up to Date.
I-arge new subdivision at the station of
Mill Valley: 40 acres In large lots in the very
center of the valley, none of which are less
than 50x120; prices range from $400 to $S0l»:
terms. 10 per cent cash, balance $10 month-
ly; erand home sites amidst pleasant sur-
roundings;' beautiful views of mountains and
bay; the cllir.&te unequaled; st>lendld op-
port jnltv for ' «n Investment: land vaiu^s
bound to Increase, as Mill Valley is rapidly
coming to the front. The' new electric road
has shortened the time to -40 minutea from
the city. Mill Vall-y has all the con-
veniences of a city: fine supply of pure
mountain water; rood sewerage anil drain-
age, electric llrhts. stores, churches and
schools, and In fact all convenances. Lots
beautifully wooded, send for our new Illus-
trated bcok descriptive of Mill Valley.
LYON & HOAG.
tlfl Montgomery «t.
ALAMEDA ADVeRTIS'MENTS
AX.AMt:i>A UK At. KSTATB.
$5250 — A RARE bargain; chance of a life-
time, t".vo beautiful, up-to-date, modern 6-
rcom flats on Clinton ave.; bay frontaje;
beautiful marine view; elegant surf bathing-
bathhouses, etc.; this is a rare chance- don't
overlook It. HAMMOND _ HAMMOND 1422
Park st. •
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'JTXTS
'ESTATE.
A. MURDOCK _ CO.. South Berkeley^itatlonT
for bargains: we hutld. bqv. sell or enchant.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICER 1118 BB0ADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$3250 — BARGAIN; new S-room house; large
lot: 1 blocR to Telegraph ave.: 3 block.i
to key route line. W. P. TODD. 1070
Broadway. Oakland.
OAKUM) FLHMTURE FOn SALE.
TO-MORRCW the day for bar_ains~ln~furnri
Uire H. Scheihaas.llth at..cor.-tore.Oak!and.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A NUMBER of very desirable sunny apari>
merits, S and 4 rooms each, with bath, toilet,
elevator, etc. ;" unfurnished or furnished to
order; new bouse. The St. Charles. 1560
Sacramento st.. near Larkln.
CA LI FO RNIA, 1502 — Three nicely furnished
front rooms: reasonable. <«¦
ELLIS. 085—2 sunny rooms, nicely furnished;
. gas range, running water; $25.
ELLIS. 117S— Nicely furnished connecting
rooms: bath, phone and running water; no
r children.
FOURTH. 401— Front and back parlor for
housekeeping; also double and single rooms.
FULTON, 235— Two connecting housekeeping
roon-s; gas range, grate; no children.
GUERRERO. i:~3— Extra nice »unny rooms;
'reasonable. Phono Church R53ft.
HAIGHT. 224—3 nicely furnished rooms, bath.
for housekeeping; suitable for 2, or 3 adults.
HOWARD, 1128— Front and back furnished
BOltea for housekeeping; sunny.
JES.SIE., 323— Sunny room; furnished house-
keeping: sink; gas range; closet: $2 75 week.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine
Sunny, furnished 3-room suites; steam (mat-
ed, electric lighted: free baths; rate $30 up.
SIXTH ave.. 760—3 furnished rooms; $10
month; nice furnished rooms $2-$3 week.
TAYLOR. 911—2 furnished rooms, gas range)
sink. $10; single room, gas range. $a 5O.
TWENTY-EIGHTH. 3.167— $12; 2 front house-
' keeping rooms; in Mission warm belt.
VAN NESS ave., 811— Nicely furnished bed-
room, dining-room and kitchen; private f am -
¦ ily; no eijns. '
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor.Duncan and Church sts.
A BRANCH of flee of The Call for the reception
cf advertisements and subscriotlons has been
opened at - 1008 Market st., opposite Fifth.
Open until il p. .ci. ,.
MISCELLAJfEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, "engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 105-197 Fremont St.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
.Repair It with elaterite; r In rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
Iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO., 713 Market st
2D-HAND machinery, boilers, engines, pumps,
pulleys, Ehaftlng, etc., etc.. bought, sold,
rented and exchanced; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHT. CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
DESKS and office furniture; $20,000 stock to
be sold before April 15; this stock can be
bought In large or small lots.' T. D. Mc-
CARTHY CO., 782 Mission. Phone Push 4C7.
PAINT your old and new metal and ehln»lo
roofs with Asbestos Roof Paint: guarantee
to stot> all leaks in the one and' preserve the
new. 205 Front St.; tel. Main 1438.
A— FINE suits. $7 50; dress pants, $2 50. Orig-
inal Mi.flt Clothing Parlors, 238 kearny St..
near Bush; open to 9 p. m., Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
Clnes, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 253-255 Spear st. .
ALTERATION sale— Best $2 60 hats, $1 50.
Popular Price Hatter. .00 Kearrfy et.._near
Pine; open to U p. m. ; Sundays to nocn.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair:
foot-form sboes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st.. Exam. bid. ; catalog frea.
8%c ROLL' nnd up; fine wall paper; hamples
mailed; painting, tinting, vapering. M. MER-
IQAN, 1202 Webster. Tel. Jackson- 1321.
TWO genuine Japanese pug dogs 'for sale. 1017
Golden Gate ave.
SHOE- repairing shop for sale; in country Ad-
dress JOSEPH LEDDY, Williams. Cal!
FOR sale— One CO-light electric bath cabinet.
Particulars Electric Works. 227 Ellis st.,.
BARGAINS in fine diamonds and - watches-
easy payments. GAR1N, fcO3 Hayward bldg.
Encyclopedia Brltannlca: Scribner edition; halt
morrocco. King's old bookstore, 01 McAllister.
GASOLINE engines bought, sold, exchanged.
repaired. Sykes-Corson Co., 254 Beale st.
SAFES and cash registers, new and second -
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market rt.
SOME good second-hand gasoline engines 1 to
12 h. p.. clu-ap. E. B. Beck & Co.. 122 Mket.
SLOT machlnts cheap; Chicagoes, Twentieth
Centuries, Pucks. BACIOALUPI. 933 Market.
DESKS and safes; see the complete line at 1816
• Market, ab. Van Ness. RICHARDSON BRO8.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER.
MANN SAFE' CO.. 307 Battery st. .
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Billiard _ Breck. 131 Post st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. E B BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
MlSCELLAXj^US' WANTS.
WANTED — Good second-hand steam engine, 30
to 40 horsepower. Zenith Planing Mill, East
Oakland. •
SHOES wanted; misfit 4- castoff; highest prcs.;
new & 2d band shoes for sale. 749 Mission.
I PAY highest prices for all kinds of cast-oft
clothing; send postal. MORRIS, 943 Folsom.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st. ; tel. Jessie 2551.
___________ „ __
YOUP credit is good for mon_y at" the
UNITED LOA\" and TRUST COMPANY.
_1 Stockton street (upstairs); if you hold
a salaried position, on your plain note, with-
out mortgage, pledge or lndorser or knowl-
edge of your friends or employer; lowest rate;
quick service; confldential treatment; call,'
write or telephone Bush 484; we are the best
equipped company in the city, with offices
conveniently and centrally located; separate
rooms, arranged so that the strictest privacy
Is a.-«ured. '
MONEY loaned on diamonds. Jewelry, seal-
skins and valuables; our fireproof vault is
protected from . burglars 1 by electricity.
Portland Loan Office, 25 Stockton st. . (Pri-
vate offices at 21 Stockton St., second floor.)
Phone Bush 484. . .
MONEY !oane_'"free~br Interest to ' parties de-
eiring life Insurance. United Loan and
Trust Company, 21 Stpckton St., second
floor; phone Bush 484. '
LIFE Insurance policies; loans on same; we
give higher loan values than companies.
United Loan and Trust Company, 21 Stock-
ton st. (second floor); phone Bush 4S4.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY. ™
C01-t)02--03 Examiner Building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estat-:s, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests; assignments of rents; property In trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confldential.
When You Need Money.
See HERMAN MURPHY.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY (INC.).
CONTROL $1,000,000.
REAL. ESTATE LOANS.
INTEREST 0 PER CENT
FIRST. SECOND AND THIRD MORTGAGES
' CITY AND OAKLAND.
COUNTRY AND'TOWN PROPERTIES.
ESTATES IN PROBATE.
UNDIVIDED INTERESTS IN REAL ESTATE
REAL ESTATE IN TRUST.
107-8-9-10-11. CROCKER BUILDING. S. F.
--. WILL LOAN "
A reasonable amount on
1st. 2d or 3d '
Mortgase, on real estate or
Chattels, in city, town
or country.
' • Low rate of Interest.
Give full particulars
of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
Box 408. Call Office.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants. teamsters, boarding-houses, without
F?curlty: easy payments; large business In
4« principal cltlej. Tolman. 553 Parrott bldg
ANY emaunt quickly on furniture or piano,
without removal or other security; no com.;
fairest rates; strictly confidential National
Credit Co., 6S Donohoe bldg., 1170 Market st.
HIGHLY resoectKble private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry,* At -
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
84« Market: tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal-
no commission; no publicity; $25 up- quick
quiet, confidential. 20 Montgomery st.. rm. 7.
MONEY to loan on low interest: gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and predoui stones bousrht
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE, 1O1 Grant ave
_. LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
NEW easy method— To wage earners on unln-
dorsed notes; absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
: Company, ropms 4S-49. Chronicle bldg.
TO salaried people without security; on furnl-
ture, indorsed notes and other necurlty. S F
Discount Agency, 143 Phelan bldg.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; strict
privacy ;no commission: Installments accepted.
BONELLI, 301 Eddy. Conservatory building.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank, 538 Kearny.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal-
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy »t.
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mutual
Savings Bank building. 708 Market st.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R. 3W Mutual Sav.Blebld.
CASH loaned salaried people on notea without
Indormtr. MORK-.T-. ftflfl KTwmlner building.
Ml'SICAL INSTHUMJEPfTS. ~~
BAnaTAXiTfirSEC^^
FOLLOWS: '
Two Stelnway, one Chickerlng, one Sterling,
one Hainea Bros., two Steck. one. Steinway
grand and one Steck grand; also many other
pianos from $75 up and square pianos from $10
up. al; fully guaranteed.
BENJ. CURTAZ - SON, 16 O'Farrell at.
A CLEARANCE sale of upright pianos from
: $50 up; greatest bargains ever offered in San
¦ Francisco; ..all makes. . We ¦ rent upright
pianos for $2 per month; new at $3 per
j month; all. money paid applies on purchase.
\ Heine Piano Co.. 235-237 Geary st. ¦ Oakland
address 1252 Broadway.- ¦
ONLY Dlano house In the city that will rent
you a new piano for $3 per month and allow
,6 months' ; rent and -cartage off purchase
price; sole agents for McPhail, Schiller and
other makes. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 5eO Hayes.
SMALL pianos for small apartments; great
tone; rent or sale. Byron Mau-y, 308 Post St.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMIT^&CO^ie McAllister it.
3-PEDAL Stelnway up. ;Ch(okerlng baby grand;
' Shonlnger. little used. Keeffe's. 2S5 O'Farrell.'
IF you want bargains come now; pianos al-
most given away. Hornung. 216 'McAllister.
A FISCHER upright - piano for sale; good as
new; $135. 237 Geary st. v~-.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzey pianos. Ceclllan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 303-312 Post st.
.Jgggg WASTED— FEMALE-^on.
WANTED— Experienced saleswoman.- Apply
between 0 md 11 a. m. at HALE BROS'.
WANTED — Experienced Jacket and skirt alter-
ation hand. At)Dly between 9 and 11 a. m.
-it HALE BROS'. .
WANTED — Young woman who Is an experi-
enced dry goods wrapper. Apply between 9
and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS."
GIRL wanted to assist in care of children.
1457 Fulton »r.
WANTED — Refined, middle-aged lady, no ln-
cumbrance; companion to lady: small wages
and good bome; references. Address box
1078. Call office. Oakland.
FIRST-CLAFS finisher on coats. 1103 Market
st. RO8ENBLUM & ABRAHAM. _^
YOUNG girl: light housework. Apply IB7
Hartford St.. bet. 18th and 19th.
WANTED— A first-class waist finisher. MMEf
; H. M. KRAFT. 578 20th St.. Oakland.
'WANTED — First-class waist and coat helpers.
J. BAER. 1200 Geary at.
GIRL for general housework and cooking. Ap-
! ply 1038 Buchanan Bt.. bet. 9 and 12.
1 ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan fc Church stt.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and »ub»criptloiffc has been
opened at 1008 Market St.. > opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 n. m. «
--—j-^ -, VA?(TED — MAL_.
Phone Main 5848.
Leading Employment and Labor Agenta.
In IOCS we gave During 1904 we hope
work to 00,000 men. to increas» 60.000.
Do you epeak
Italian — German— Spanish ?
Greek— French— Swiss ?
Reduced rates. Cheap fares to
Nevada — Nevada.
To Nevada State.
8 hours day; Government work; 8 hours day.
25 teameters, ship to-night, |2 day.
10 laborers, ship to-night.
Rockmen. drillers. Irrigation ditch. .
Free fare •
If you stay 4 months.
Nevada State.
Government work.
Ship to-night.
Gold mines.
Copper, silver.
15 single and double hand drillers, $82 50.
9 machine miners, $90. i ¦
Don't be stingy with your distance; get
closer to
Lands of sunshine, •
Where ms.n can work every day.
Big wages.
Arizona — Arizona.
Close to Prescott; 010 miles.
?9 10: that's all.
fiM laborers, teamsters, drillers, rockmen,
etc.
Center great mines.
Milkers.
26 milkers, all parts of California, $30, $35,
$40 found.
4 buttermakers, $40 and found.
12 farm and ranch hands, $25. $23, $30 found.
4 milkers, fare paid north, $35 and found.
Woodchoppere, etc.
125 woodchoppere, all over State.
Postmakers, shakeir.akers. etc
* Look.
Men and wives.
3 farmers and wives, $40, $50, $60 found.
Hotel Department.
9 cooks, different hotels, ranches, mines,
etc., $30 to $65: 6 waiters; boll, elevator boys,
$15 tn (40 found.
Porter*, Dishwashers, Roustabouts.
2 laundrymen, extra good Jobs, $15 week.
Foreman, scraper gang on' ranch; 4 married
farmers, vineyard; second cook, city hotel,
$45 and found.
Man and wife, man cook, wife chambermaid
$45 founV.
MURRAY _ READY. 634 and CtG Gay B t.
EIGHT hours day. ~"
Steady jobs.
5 plasterers. $5 day
3 hod carriers and mortar mixers, $3 50 day
6 plumbers. $4 day
25 carpenters, $3 fto ,j a y
10 painters, all round men. $.'{ 50 day
« paperhangers, ' $3 50 day
1 glazier. $3 50 day
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
MACHINIST, Iron works, country. J3 50 day.
SECOND FOREMAN
For a vineyard, bone here 8 a. m., $40 found
Cook, grill, fare $•'?. ?M> found.
- * " MARRIEb." "'"T-: "
Choreman and wife, man do chores, wife
wait at table at mine, boss here, ?G0 found.
4 tallymen, lumber company, $90
Blacksmith, lumber company, $65 found
House man, city hotel. $30 found
3 gravel miners. No. 1 mine. $90
Cheese and butter makers. $35 to $10 found.
MURRAY &. READY. 634 and 63*J Clay St.
CARPENTERS?
35 carpenters, big Job. S hours, $3 50 day.
MURRAY -. READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
AT THE CAL. EMP. AGENCY, .
14 Third et Phone Bush 405.
NEVADA.
Government Job. 8 hours.
20 teamsters, $2 25 a day
20 rockmen, $2 50 a day
20 laborers, ?2 <*> a dav
SPECIAL . CHEAP FARE
l«t tlemakern. redwood. I5c each.
10 woodchopper. pine wood, $1 _3 cord; sum-
mer's Job; board 513 a month.
Carpenter, city, $3 so*a day
COOK and wife for report April 10, SSO to
100; man about place, $35 and found; chore-
man, $15 and found: farmer and wife no
objection to one child. *30 and found: clay
tempers. S2 to $3 _:.> day; baker, country
s-hop, $15 week: broiler, $1G week; hotel cook,
country. $50; boarding-house cook. $35, $40;
silver checker. $40; lunch counter man om-
nibur, $.'iO; kit.-hen man, $3<f; 2 broilers for
restaurants. $10 a week and $70 a month
and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO. __S
Sacramento st.
AT THE CAL. EMP. AGENCY.
14 Third «t Phone Bush 405.
NEVADA.
Government job, 8 hours.
20 teamsters. $2 25 a day
£i r°w klnen ' $2 50 a day
1*0 laborers, $2 00 a day
SPECIAL CHEAP. FARE
10 tiemakers, re'dwood, 15c each.
10 woedchoppers. pine wood, $1 25 cord; sum-
roer's Job; board $13 a month.
ANDRE'S office, 317 Stockton st. ~~~
Walter, hotel, American plan, near city, $30
found; welter, reptaurant, near city, S10 .*>0
a week: waiter, oyster house. $10 50 a week-
waiter and take charge dining-room, coun-
try, ?35; meat and pastry cook, country ho-
tel, *C0; head gardener, $45; butler, $50;
barkeeper, first-clasa saloon, $45, board, etc.'
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. "28 Montgomery, r. 12
Head laundryman, Jf.0; waiter. £30- pantry-
man. $40; bellboy. $15.
AT CONTRACTORS' AGENCY
S3 Third st. Tel. Main 5521. '
Drillers , $2 25
Laborers $0
Tunnelmen $2 Ho
2-hor*e teamsters $-j
4-horse teamsters $2 25
HORD _ SMITH. J
WANTED — For U. S. army, able-bodied uiw
married me,n. between agts cf 21 and 35;
citizens of United States, of good character
and temperate habits, who can speak, read
and write English. For information- apply to
Recruiting Offlcer. Rialto building-, New
Montgomery St., San Francisco, or 102S Sec-
ond tt., Sacramento.
WANTED — Bookkeeper, young mar. about 25
years old, wHo has had experience keeping
sales ledger; must be quick and accurate at
addition, write a clear, legible hand; others
need not apply: aalary $50 a month to be-
gin; give age. experience, references an.l
telephone number. If any. Box 4021. Call.
A— L ~ £
Men to learn the barber trade In two months
and secure good positions; catalogue and full
Information mailed free. MOLER System
' College. C35 Clay st.
YOUNG men everywhere, copy letters, home
evenings $» 50 week. Send addreseed en-
velope for particulars Manager Dept W4
box 1411, Philadelphia, Pa.
YOUNG man willing to give services outside
school hours In payment for his education, i
California Business Collese, 025 Golden '
Gate ave. ... j
WANTED — Salesman furnishing goods depart-
ment. Apply S. N. WOOD & CO..- 740 Mar-
ket «t.
STRONG boy to work in candy factory; 15 per
week to begin. Call to-day from 10 to 12:30
BLUM'S, cor. Polk and Sutter sts.
WANTED — Experienced domestic salesman.
Apply bet. 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS'.
WANTED — Barber Saturday and Sunday. 1050
Howard st. .r*:
WANTED— Helper at bakery. 715 McAllister
street. " ;
BOY wanted. Stalls 1 and 3, Union-square
Market. -
TWO barber shops -' for sale cheap. Call at
33'iV_ Howard st.
WANTED— A small barber shop in country
town. Box 4016, Call office.
HOU32.K— EPCSfO BOOMS WAJTTg—.
WANTED — By a young married couple, 2 part-
ly furnished rooms and kitchen, with gaa
range: north of Ma'ket st. within » blocks
of Call building. Address, stating price. Box
4111, Call.
HOtrSEs]
A ST. HILA.RE APARTMENTS
LAGUNA ST.. NEAR GEART.
Will be ready for occupation tn a few
days. Everything new. Make your
reservations now. Elegantly furnished
apartments wltb private bath — 2, 3 and
4 rooms; steam heat: electric light; ele-
vator; private phones; rates reasonable.
A— CORDOVA APARTMENTS "
Will be finished March 13.
10S4 SUTTER ST.. NE. COR. LARKTN ST.
Beautifully light and sunny: 2-3-4 rooms and
bath each: all unfurnished; $27 60 to $40.
Make reservations now.
8T. CECILE, 115 Fell, above Van Ness—To*
acme of perfection In elegantly furn. 3-room
apartments; private baths, steam heat, elec-
erlo lights, elevator, gas ranges: $.10 to $53.
ST. LOUIS. 1375 Jackson St. — Modem 3-4-S
rcoms; also single; furnished or unfurnished;
marine view; references. Phon« Kant 13V>.
nOOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Infnro.
AURORA, corner Second and FoUom sts. — New
house, new furniture; every room outside;
modern and sunny; prices from $1 BO per
week up; this is the only up-to-daU nous* la
this vicinity: first-class grill attached.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 143 Sixth it.— Room*
23c to $1 per night, »l _3 to ti per »•«» ami
light housekeeping room»; open all night.
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st->— Rooms. t5c. 50c. ft. $1 50 nlgtit:
$1 SO to $10 week: house op«a alt night.
AVOCA. 8.I7A Mission St.— Nice stngU room*
with electric light; >l 60 per week and up.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364) — FurT
nlshed rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
CUMMINCS (The), BIS post. nr. Taylor— Just
cpened; <i#"«»rably located; sunny, single room*
and salts*, with private baths, hot and cc'.J
water, steam beat, electric lights, phone every
worn; elevator. Phone East 1317 If desired.
FOR single gentleman, hi private home (no
other roomers), a large, sunny, furnished
room, with bath adjoining; 4 blocks from,
park entrance and 3 block* from panhandle.
Address box 2624. Call offlc,. .
FRANKLIN. 721. nr. Golden Gate ave.— Sunny
furn. front room: all conveniences; $8-$ 12.
GRAND Southern. 7U» and Mission— Rooms 33o
to $1 25 night: $1 SO to $fl wk. ; reading-room.
GUERRERO. 1323 — Large sunny rooms, sing!*
or en suite; reasonable. Phone Church 5530.
POST 889 near Hyde— Large front furnished
room; bath. ga.«, running water; 1 or 2 gi«nt3».
ROTAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles* par-
lor; rooms per night. 33c to $150: week. $3
to $8; month. $S to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot ap_ cold water: baths.
STOCKTON. 41-43. Stockton St. House— Nice'.jr
furnlshed sunny front suites: suitable for 2
women; also single moms, $1 SO, $2, $2 50
week. Phone Black 5-511.
SUTTER. 361. The Larchmont — New and ntce-
•ly furnished single rooms; also suite, with
bath; reasonable.
Tl'RK. 203 and 205— Furnished roonvs.
ONITBD STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market— 40»
rooms. 35c to $1 nlgSt. $1 75 to 16 weak: elee-
tr>c lights (no gas), running water In every
room; elevator.r*-»i -r»>m: free bus; baggage.
VAN NESS ave.. 319— Elegant front parlors
and adjoining suite for office or dub.
VAN WINKLE. 207 Jon«» — Nicely furnished
rooms. *2; lunny suite-. $3 per week; batln.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market—
. Most convenient and respectable: 700 rooms;
35c to $1 50 night; $2 to $3 week; elevator:
elec. lights: reading-room: free bus; baggag*.
WOLF House. 202 Sixth — Electric light In every
room; 15c to $1 a night: 75c to $3 a week;
open all night; convenient to all cars.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office. % cor Duncan _ Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market st.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 1 1 p. m.
itoul ". Aao - uoAu P-. Z
EDGEMERE HOTElTT"^"
731 Bush St.. above Powell; select first -
class resldenta! hotel: elegantly furnished
anl table unsurpassed; electric light r steam
heated and private exchange telephones la
every room; terms reasonable.
B. DU CARPE. Prop.
OCTAVIA. SW. cor. Sacramento; overlooking
Lafayette square — Can accommodate a t*w
adults with excellent rooms and board.
HOTEL BALTIMORE. ~ ~~"
1015 VAN NESS AVE.. NEAR GEART 3T.
t>ELECT AND FIRST CLA33.
PKONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 706.
HOTEL IIATTON. '
877 Pine st.. near Taylor; elegantly furnished
suites, private baths; all modern conveniences;
American or European plan.
HOWARD. 841A— First-class board with room,
single or dcubte. $4 C0-$3 w«eit; America r»
family: home cooking: home comforts: piano.
HOTEL ELSMERE. 411 Butter— Sunny rooms;
excellent table: from S4O: _ln*l« $23.
VALENCIA, ail? — Pleasant sunny room; pri-
vate boardnig-hcuae; warm belt.
VAN NESS ave.. 1714— Elegantly furnished
lUittf. wttn bat.i*: also rinele: homelike.
VERY larse unfurnished attic room, with sun.
with board or dinners, in private family.
Box 4017. Call office. '- >
SPECIALISTS.
CATARRH!^ DEAFNESSand NOISES in EAR.*
positively cured; new methods: 1 week's treat-
ment free Dr. Cot Unichitm. 204 Sutter •¦t.
.Tt'TTEIilXG AXD S>TAM.MERIX«_.
THE MELBOURNE SCHOOL for th* cur* T;
stuttering and stammering, corner Van Ntta
ave. and Market St.. S. F.. ha* be«n estah.
ltshed. In this city fcr - years and shall con-
. tinue, for It U founded on true merit and ha-*
the commendation of reputable physician*
everywhere. It teaches a superior system
and challenges results. No wholesale clasi
work, but 0 hours' Individual teaching daily,
reducing nervous obstruction to speech anl
leading to thorough control. Within iva.hi
'of all. Rusine** hours 1 to 5 p m.
¦ r — . ___a
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses were issued yesterday *«
follows:
Gallatln G. Hicks, 47. Olymnla. Wash., and
Harriet M. Crowl-y,. _7. OiymDia. Wash.
Herbert S. Silverthoro, 21, 127 Shotwe!!
street, and Josie MaMmann, IS, Alameda.
William -ft. Johnson. 21. 115 Fell str»t and
Hattie Wisrhtman. 1:>. l."_:5 Howard atreet.
Henry Schafer.- 45. Haxby, and Margaret
GrcfT, 50. Oil Powell street.
Erik Slllameke. 48, 27W Mission street, anl
Sadie F. Tiinnell. $2. 27CH Mission straet.
John W. Butler. X>. Marshflelrl, -Ore., and
Fanny Sellg. '.'5. 449 Jegsle street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
BOI.N.
DEL VALLE— In this city. March 23. 1304. •«
the wife of Jacob De! Valle. a son.
STAPLES— In this city. March 23. 1904. t»
the wife of Charlea D. Staples, a son.
SYLVESTER— In this city. March 18. 19O4. to
the w!fe o- r>anlel A. Sylvester, a wn.
DIED.
Daley. D»n . J. McGlffln. Edward
Danlhy.- Daniel Morrison. Edw.
De Groct. Harry H. O'Brien. Timothy
CoUcn. Lena. W. Parker. Fran-la J.
Cooney. M?ry RosseteT. Fnizatotfii
Fraser. William P. Smith. Robert E.
Goodbue, Frank B. Tevltn, Lucy
Hall. Mrs. Edward Thomason. Edwin O.
KeUeghan. Patrick Winsor. Ella A.
Langcrmann, C. F. Wolonglewic-, T. F.
Maloney. Catherine
DALET — In thla city. " March 23. 1904. Den.
. J. Daley. . dearly beloved husband of Cath-
. erine Daley, and loving father of Edith O.
"VPaley, and son of the late John and Mary
Dal«y, and beloved brother of I.awmwa and
Mamie Daley. Mrs. M. Lynch. Mrs. K. Gavin
and the late Mrs. Maggie Purcell. and
brother-in-law of Jofcn J. and William B.
Trav*T-. a- native of San Francisco.
C~ Friends and acquaintances ar» respect-
fully Invited t» attend the funeral, services
- Continued on Page Fourteen.
Ton^
A FEW unredeemed storage pianos (also furni-
ture) will be sold" to Day storage dirt cheap.
•WHITEHEAD'B storage. 163*5 Market st.
OFFICES A1VD STORES TO LET.
SAN&OME. 712— Handsome, large store, base-
ment, .cheap. LANDRY C. BABIN, 413
Kearny st. . /'
TO let — Office space, shop space. 32 First St.;
ground floor or basement. ¦ '
PERSOXALS. «a*
A fresh, smooth and young looking face.
With a real, genuine "baby skin."
Don't forgflet the name. M. ELLA HARRIS.
Tha-numl»r. 7bl O'Farrell St., near Larkln.
Call or write for book,' free,
."'Hints on Beauty."
Al SUITS to order at SI weekly. We have
contracts with leading houses to take all
their short ends, called remnants. We make
you a fine suit on installments cheaper than
others do tor cash. LEON LEMOd. merchant
tailor, 1127 Market St.. bet. 7th and ,8th.
GRADUATES of New York School of Massage
Osteopathy; vapor- and electric baths; face
vibrating machine for rheumatism; genuine
tubs, hot and cold water; trained nurses as
attendants. Prof.- and Mrs. Morris, 116 Taylor
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves its growth.stops falling.cures dandruff
and Itching scalp; no stain or stickiness:
cleanses scalp;at druggists', hairdressers' ;ac-
cept no substitute. Btar Remedy Co.. 1338 Polk
A — Mlcrotlne, a positive cure for catarrh, cold
in the head, hav fever, headache and all
bronchial affections; send for free sample.
MOUNTAIN TEA MEDICINE CO., 272 Oth.
Cancerous lumps, sores, impure blood (affecting
skin, mouth, bones, etc.). speedily cured by
skilled specialist from, Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drug dis-
eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co.,
S12 Shotwell; consultation free: call or write.
HA ,*i R grown « ra >' restore- ,• pimples, wrinkles,
all blemishes removed; shampooing specialty.
MME. ROUME. 231 Post, parlora 13 and 14.
AT less than coat: uncalled for suits, overcoat-
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS' London
Tailor. 721 Market at. <r
SOCIAL dances Wed.. Thurs.. Sat. and Sun.:
classes Mondays. Fridays. • Louise Foster's
School of Dancing. 155tt Market, nr. Larkln.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
elec needle. Dr. and Mrs. Travers. 1170 Mkt. !
SUITS to order on installments of $1 per week.
NEUHAUS & CO.. (inc.). tailors. 721) Market.
Actlna restores lost eyesight ;cures deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA Co., 3524 10th. nr. Valencia.
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist. 309 Sut-
ter. r. 609. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, room 33.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books. xi\g?>-
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
TAILOR-MADE nuit $7 50; dress pants $2 00*
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Buah and Dupont.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color. $V. at all druggists'.
PAL:»).TltY.
GIPSY MADGE. Palmletry Palace. 40fl Third
st.: three experts; palm reading* loc; card
and trance readings given; satisfaction.
MADAM DEVAS, ~~~
PALMIST AND ASTROLOGIST. IJEBE3
BUILDING. 139 POST ST.
II. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 513
Taylo.- st.. near Geary. Phone Black 5C1.
1'APEIIHAXGISG. PAIXTINfi. ETC.
ROOMS papsred, $4 up; tinting^ paTntiiig
Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 Third; tel.Maln 113.
PHYSICIANS AJfll SIHUEOX*.
DR. C. C. O'DONNEil^6fflcTrnd~reIfdenceT
1021 W Market st.. bet. 6th and 7th; partlcu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073',. Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIJI herb doctor;
treats all diseases cf th* human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason; now Io-
cated at 667 Geary st.. near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. LI Po
Tal. herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
WONG WOO. the famous -herb doctor — AH dls-
ease3 cured by Chinese herbs. 74\>-8 Clay st.
SKWIJEG MACIII>E_rAXD7sUpi»LIK.S.
BARGAIN'S— New drop head machines at
$18 95 and $25; shop worn White Machines,
new, at halt price or lesa. White Sewing
Machine Co.. 300 Post st. and 1841 Flllmore.
DOMESTIC— The machine tor family- -use ;
best is cheapest; second-hand all makes al
any price: all kinds rented lowest rate?.
Domestic office. 1021 Market, near Sixih.
NEW HOME — See our new triple-feed ma-
chlnes; slightly used: ?10. $15, $20; second-
hand. XI, $5, $8; all stylen; guaranteed. New
Home Sewing Machine Co.. 1051 Market st.
SPECIAL .NOTICES.
LADIES, send your address to 1120 Market St..
S. F. ; valuable Information: room 2.
_^STORaTjT: AM) WAREHOUSES .
A— EMPORIUM StoraEe & Van Co. ; furnitures
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 723-
731 Howard Bt.. nr. Third; phone Grant 1B1.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. Of-
fice Post and Powell Fts.; tel. Priv. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. !K>3 Golden Gate ave. ; phone East 12(5.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made. 840
Mission st.; tel. Howard (Ml. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore St.; phone Jackson 251.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
st.; tel. Main 1«4Q. Shipping at cut rates.
to~m_ase7~
TO lease— Kenllworth Inn; romantIcally~sU~
uated In Mill Valley: 50 minutes' ride from
San Francisco; completely furnished; 40
rooms; steam and hot water baths;- elec-
tric lights; heaters throughout; elevator?
etc.; rent low. Apply MADISON &
BURKE. 30 Montgomery st.
jrYPEWUITK|lS_AND_^UPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. NoTT
Smith Premier. $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices: rentals $2 50. The
Typewriting Exchange, B30 California st.
A FEW good typewriters at $80 each; get par-
ticulars of L. _t M. ALEXANDER, 110 Mont,
gomery st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
WehKter Typewriter Inspec. Co.. SOS Market.
biviDExri notices.
SAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Home Build,
ing Society, 5th floor, Mutual Savings Bank
building, 70S Market St., opposite Third—
For the half year ending 31st of December.
1803. a dividend has been declared at the
rate per annum of (12) twelve per cent oa
capital stock and participating certificates,
free of tazes. payable on and after SATUR.
DAY. January 2. 1004. JOSEPH A. LEON.
ARD. Manager. HUGH CRAIG. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— Mercantile Trust Company
of San Francisco- Dividend No. _ of r.hre«'
dollars per share will be payable at the of-
fice of the corporation. 404 California St.. San
Francisco, April 1. 1904. Transfer books will
close March 24. 1904.
'¦ JOHN P. McKEE. Secretary.
V s PROPOSALS. — — •
PROPOSALS . for Quartermaster's Bupplies—1
Offlce Depot Quartermaster, San Francisco,
Cal., 36 New Montgomery st., March 24
1004. — Sealed proposals. In triplicate, subject
to usual conditions, will be received here un-
til 10 o'clock a. m., Frlday.Aprtl 8. l{»04. and
then opened for delivery at San Francisco,
Cal., ot hardware, rubber hose, .paint, rope,
etc. United States reserves right to accept
or reject any or all bids, or any part thereof.
Information and blank -proposals . will be
'", furnished on application. Envelopes, con-
taining proposals to be marked "Proposal
. No. 22S3,"and addressed to MAJOR C. A
DEVOL, Quartermaster, U. S. A.,. Depot
Quartermaster.
PROPOSALS for gate and stone wall— Office
Depot Quartermaster. 30 New Montgomtry
St., - £an Francisco. Cal.. March *1O, 1U04.
. Sealed proposals in triplicate will be re-
ceived at this office until 11 o'clock a. m.,
' March 26. 1904. and then opened, for con-
struction of a gateway and a stone
wall along southern and eastern boundary
lines of )be Presidio Military Reservation,
' San * Francisco. Cal.. ¦ in accordance with
-plan, and specifications to be seen at this
office. : C. A.DEVOL. Major and . Quarter-
master." U. S. A.. Depot Quartermaster. ¦
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau
of Suppllez and Accounts,-" Navy -\ Depart-
ment. Washington, D. C, until 12 o'clock
noon, April 19. . 1004. and publicly opened
1 immediately • thereafter, "to furnish at the
navy yard, - Mare Island. Cal., -about 100,000
. pounds of butter: blank proposals win be
-furnished upon application to the. bureau or
• tn the Navv Pay Office, San Francisco, Cal
H. T.'B. HARRIS, Paymaster General u.
S. N. ¦ V 3-11-4.
NEAT Gerniin girl wishes fituation as second
work in <ountry; wages $25. Box 4251. Call.
AUVKUTI-5EMENTS. subscriptions received at
Call braich office, cor. Duncan _ Church sts.
WANT aJ* and subscriptions taken for The
Ca!l at Eaton's Bazaar. C33 McAllister st.
_E^I'LOVMKXT^X^^^^~
VOfN<J man. £S years of mgm. 11 year*' gen-
eral fxjwrienre both wholesale and retail in
i'\vs. novelties, houpe furnishing goods and
groor «¦ sundries, wants pot ition with good
concern, either in or out of city, where
doM application to business Is appreciated-
' ' _!,-.l\ rnl ' ih . lh * be£t of reference. H. A.
lt".)2 Bufh st., San Francisco.
rOHTIOX as foreman of mine; can run hoist
ard sharpen tools. Box 4010. Call office.
WANTED- Situation by reliable young man;
.* ejn*-rirr.<-«d driver and understands care
of horst-s and private stable work- refer-
ences. Addrees box 4014. Call office.
VOUrCG man with experience would like po-
Fition in wholesale or large retail grocery
. store; is bright and willing. Address 1223
Broadway. Oakland.
MAN and wife; wife first-class German cook;
man to attend to horses and garden. A.
M AI1S EN. l.V.»7 Market ft.
• BARBER, first claw, wants a steady Job In
country or summer rtsort; state terms. Box
4U1». Call offlc*.
STEADY, sober and active man wiFhes chanc*
to learn paper hanging: can furnish refer-
jence*. Address F. P. GAVAN, 279S Filbert.
YOUNG French couple, of good education, de-
elre employment; private family; wife to do
housework or cooking, hutb&nd to care for
fcors*K. drive and general work. FELIX
GRIMAUP. C33 Broadway.
AN experienced lawyer. bookkeeper, corre-
fp^nderct. buFine:-. manager, etc.. will ac-
cept position en email salary with corpora-
tion. IV'X 4003. Call.
A RELIABLE, sober man. handy with too>;
have small capital and services to invest.
Box 4001. Call office.
BARBER— Firpt-clabs from New York, wants
ftm-class position. Address Barber, box
44C5. Call ofnee.
BARBER wants position in city limits; sober,
steady man: married; city references; union.
" _Jto* *U4. Call office.
EXPERIENCED miner wants position in
mine; can sharpen tools; wi_ to cook for
rmal! crew. Box 4107, Call.
FIRST-CLASS cellanr.an (German) war.ts po*i-
tion to tend bar. O SCHELLER 662
K>*t Twelfth St.. East Oakland.
".MAN _.-t<« wite wart work on ranch; wife cock
. and housework, man understands all kinds
of work; best of references. Box 4400. Call.
BARBER— Fir5t-cla*s from New York, wants
flrM-cIass position. Address Barber, box
4<O5. Call office.
BOOKKEEPER wants to keep small set books
during leisure time. Box 4356. Call office.
A' LICENSED engineer and machinist wants
. position; city references. Box 4339. Call.
A JAPANESE boy wishes position as porter.
. work :i rtore or elevator boy. Address
NA TAG A MO. 446 Natoma «t-
YOUNG Japanese wants position as school
-boyc understands cooking; speaks fine. N. K.,
»»ox 4012. Call office.
A JAPANESE, many years' ex.nerience, as
Mepwasher. dUhwafher, housecleaning. etc.
Addrrys T. HARA. 121 Haight St.
, A GOOD Japanese boy wants a situation to do
cooking and general housework; wages $6
up. S. F-. __iH Turk st.
JAPANESE boy. 22 years old. wants a situa-
tion es schoolboy. Box 41CS. Call.
KEATHKK HEXOVATIXO.
BY new. healthful process. Cal. Steam Feather
Co. 325 Van Ness ave.: tel. Howard 3167.
' * FLATS TO LET.
AAX^HOlfsE^ENTINoiDiEPARTMENT. '
All desirable vacant houses and Cats are llet-
ed in our free renting department: over 1000
". iv numbtr; a combined list frota all agencies:
* let us gtxe you _ list ami help you to find a
plact; »t never fail; service free.
•ET_IiJ_lNG FURNITURE CO..
103. MARKET ST..
OPPOF1TE MCALLISTER.
.A— HOUSES and Cats to let; an Immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this depart m«-r.t: it wl!! save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-258 Geary
st., on the square.
. FINE corner furr.'.Fhed flat: 0 large rooms: 3
n>»m« rented for $.'1U; rent $23' $500 cash
Address A. W.. 1!»41 Mission nt.
LOWER flat. T rooms and bath: latest Im-
provements. 27::2 Mission St.. between
Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth.
• DEHON, C5. bet. ICth and 17th. nr. Sanchez—
• Upi.fr flat; 4 nice rooms, bath; no children.
NEW modern 7-room flat; rent $35. 2117 How-
ard »t.
fcOMETHING new; 4 rooms: see it to-day.
05" Hayeg Bt,
ELEGANT, sunny, cor. fist. 2 stories. 12 rmi
. 2 baths: marine view; $75. Tel. Geary 44S.
LAGI.XA. 2TC3 — Elegant corner flat. 7 rooms
' bath: m_ri::e vjpw: $4t<; 11 to 12. 4 to 5.
LINDEN ave.. .VXi — Tfcree nice sunny roon_,
batercent; rent $11.
fcEK the 4 rooms, bath, at 057 Hayes to-day
nothing V.ke it :n city: moderate rent.
TO LET-.FIRMSHKD.
WASHINGTON. 282:5. near Alta Plaza— Beaul
«i:ully furr.l.'hfd sunny flat of 7 rooms.
BUXXT flat of 4 rooms and bath; new; rea-
aonaM". !::_:< Guerrero: phone Church 553ft.
FLATS FOR SALE FlllMSHEO.
ru'RNIPHED "flaf 'irf~»~rooms~f or~^lT7ea-onT
able in North B^sch district; furniture all
r-ar!y new and In first -class condition Box
¦SMI. Ca!l office.
VAN NESS ave.. tO7— For sale, cheap, furni-
ture in T-room flat: several rooms rented.
Hours. 10 to 3 Sat, and Sun., after 3 wk. days.
ELEGANT furnlsh-d flat for -ale cheap* oa
a«<-ount of tlrkno-y. Apply 156 Eddy ft.
FLRMTtRE FOn~SALE.
CHEAPEST place to buy furniture stoves and
household goods of every d«*ciiptlon- flats
bought. MliUJion Aug.House.4-3-439 Valencia.
KinXI^TCUE WANTED.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone~Red 4461
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
HIGHEST prices for furniture and mdse L. H
BUKD. auctloneer.lSltt Mkt-:tel.Howard 27M.'
HELP W_^~Eii__!FE»rA7____
COOK, for sanitarium . 30
Cook. San Matto «•«
Housework, no washing, B?rkeley..!!!"$;55
4 second girls $_0-$_Ti
3 nurssKirls, city J"0-*_i
pishw_*ber. home ."."... J^o
.'( waitre-avs. country hotels $->5
nining-roctn efrl. f-aniiarium *•>«
«"ook for ranch "" J^S
Cook or hou*.work country ,-. vj 0
laundress. j;rlvate family '"flu
.Second girl, Ban Mateo -. . " $->5
44 h'.usegirl*. city and country. . .$2O^-$_.vi;}o
Apply li J. F. CROSETT -. CO.. Xit gutter.
A— WANTED— Girls to learn _aJrdrea«Ing~
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A 'o Z
In 2 week*: *5 to tho*e eutering now; 2 po-
_!tl«n. to fill Immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up: leading Echoo! In
Wept. 233 Geary St.. room 13.
A— Girls to learn millinery now for spring sea-
sen: both «ca-ons laurt; from start to finish
i i^i? rth tCT * 31: -o-'"" 1 " »¦ trimmers,
salesladies, etc.. guaranteed at $10 per wk up;
day and evening ciata. 143 Stockton st.. r. 13.
A— LADIES to learn all branches halrdre.stn*
trade, manicuring, mas-_g e , etc. 123(J Mar-
i..*-" cor ' Jone8 . roo~ U4; positions secured
at hlghen wageg; __y an d eve, claas; call.
LADIES wanted everywhere copying letters at
_£"£" n! 0 * 1 * Urne ' * nd " >tu ™ them to u*?
WANTED-Glrl to assist in general house
work; wage, $_0; must sleep homl CaU |f.
ban Jose ave.. morniiurn. ¦ ilu
A FIRST-CLASS maker and apprentice wantPd
In millinery store. 632 McAllister st. \
W c A c^n : g D -l1 ! 05 lrl ; 1 o,r.t. hOUSeWOrk * Dd a
c y& t i.^" E ,T/. u _ t bat>y: "~ p h °°*^^. •
EXPERIENCED waltre«e« at rood salary. 7
Isuiib at. .United States Coast and •. Geodetic Survey-
Time and Height of High and Low Wate-»
at Fort Point. : efltrance to San . Francisc •
Bay. Published by of Sclal' authority of the
Superintendent . .¦".-." ¦ "
NOTK— The nigh and low waters occur at
Sun, Moon " and .Tide.
The codflshlng schooners Pearl: and Czarina
arrived yesterday from the north. 7*ho Pearl
Captain Soderholm, was twelve days oomlne
from Sanak, and brought r>5.C0O ondfish. For
ten dayn.of the passage yheoncountcmi gale*
from the northwest Hndwouthwrot. When oir
th« Farallones on March 2-1 her " forerfgKlnir
was carried away during a southwest ¦ gal»
The Czarina, Capuin Schmuta, was eleven
Cod! ishinjr Boats Arrive.
Shattnck*s Will Is V\\ci\.
The will of D. D. Shattuck, the
pioneer commission merchant who
dl*-d a fpw days ajo, was filed for pro
bate yesterday. He Inavos his estate.
said to be worth many, thousands of
dollars, to: his widow, Pheb«» Shattuck.
The will states that the children of
the deceased are not provtded frr
therein for the. reason that the te«tat>"
feels their interests will be oantf I"*
by their mother.
Time Ball.
Branch Hy drogtaphk Of flee, U. S V Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco" Cal
' March 24 lf»04 - ~ T'
T?,e rtme Hall on the tower of th« Ferrv
bulldinif wan dropped exactly at noon to-day~
1. e.. «t;noon of rh» 12Cth meridian or at S
P. m. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT
Lieutenant. U. S. K., la chars*.
' 8teamer. 1 ; . ¦¦_;, For. - ' Sails.
Cottage City.. Fkagway & Way Ports. Mar. 28
Farallon..... .Skagway & Way Ports. Mar. 21)
Excelsior..... [ Valdez.A Way Ports.. Apr. 1
Humbo'.dt.. :. Pkagway & Way Ports. Apr. 2
J. Dollar..... Valdw A Seward..... Apr. 9
Dlrigo........ Skagway & Way Ports. Apr.' lo
Bertha.. . Valdex A ,Way Ports.. Apr. lo
FROM SEATTLE.
The bie. four-masted British thin: Gunford,
Captain J. Watt, which was blown. ashore, In
Richardson Bay during the recent south
easter, was floated yesterday morning under
the supervision of • Archibald P.»McFarland
ot the London Salvage. -.Association txt Marino
Underwriters. The Gunford . drnws 9 f PP t 6
inches,- and whero the storm left -her'- was a
depth of only 6 feet at high tide. ;
Guntord Pulled Out of Mud.
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide Is the same at both places.
FRIDAY, MARCH 25. ~~
Sun rtses Q-Wi
Sun seta 6:25
Moon gets f : |;3S a . m>
D ITimel JTime ITimel Time
5. I— — I Ft. I Ft- I Ft. Ft.
j» |H W| |U W |H W) L W
25 I 0:07 5.1)12:17 0.4 7:22 4.31. i
L, W III W |L TV H'W
26 I 0:27 2.0, «:2J 5.1 1 :1s 0.2, 8:2W 4 6
27 { 1:38 2.6 7:37 5.3 2:13 0.2 0:07 SO
2K 2:34 2.0 8:45 5.4 3:02 0.2 U 50 5"
29 .1:271 1.5 f.:45 5.5f 3:54 rt.S)10 s5 tt
SO I 4:17 1.0110:41 ,(5.6 4::» 0.6ill-0«| s;
31 ! 5:06 0.5jll:35 f..5| 5:201 O.sillMej s.7
NOTE— In the above txt-osltion of the~idTi
the early moinine tides are etven in tho left
hand column enu the- successive t.'dea of th«
day In the order of occurrence as to Mine th#
fourth time column tflvea the last tide of th#
day. except when there are but three tides a>
•sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to th» aoundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus <— ?
•Urn precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from th* depth given bi
the chart*. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters. 1
The French »hlp Amlral da Cornulier, Captain
Caffln, which ¦ arrived here yesterday, wag
324 days romini? to this port from Cardiff. She
uot Into trouble off Capo Horn, where for forty
days she fought south and southwest rrIck.
Her bulwarks and boats vrero stove in, .safta
w<rn blown away, and Captain Rio and eleven
of the crew were more or 1pm seriouwly in
jured. She put Into Santos August 29 for re
pairs, new Kails and surgical aid for her In
jured: ' Captain Caffln and a new crew were
sent " out from France, and November 24 the
voyaee was resumed.
French Ship Ends Long Voyage.
ItEAr^ 1-STATE TRAXSACTIOXS,
THURSDAT. MARCH 24
Joyc* Srllon (widow) to Anna u'sellon. lot
W :«» byV*<£% etWt ' 1?5 W °f FrMktln '
F^Etellc I^U-II to Jeannett© G. LabeU. lot on
K "»"«* W* 8treCtt M N of PM *» by
Louisa and Joseph Warner to Joseph Watt
n»i Jr.. lot oa N line or Bush emit Y---a
\V of Kachanan, W 34:4^, by N lVFe- «10
Jcy.?rh Wasncr Jr. to P. F. Benson, saine;
A*. P. and B;ssie W. Fuller to Fred V
:-*hieKn^r. lot on S line of Union street 193#
W^°< ,7» morc- w » b >- s 1W:«. quitclaim
Kr«d N. Pchiecncr to Pacific Home Co-oper
ativo Company to same, quitclaim deed- $10
KclU und LH-Iflna Marcuae to Lily I Kode'n
lot on XW rorn'-r of Union and Pierce Mreets'
»N llo.liv TV 37:6: I . , ' "..
Annie IX Bartlett (Jamrson) to P. A. Pioda.
lot on XV line of ¦ Ocrvieadoro street. 02-3 S nf
.Sacra^^nto. S S7:414 by W no; $10.
;•!..'..;.:> and Jeanette Meyer to Mabel *5
K<lioec.' lot on N" line of Vallejo street. 60 W
of Hrf^dertok. W 40 by IC 100; $10.
Oeorgc Browu Estate Company (corporation)
to (itttrude C. Boynton. lot-on E line of Ma
w.clc a»«nue, 112Mi S of Turk ttrcct, S S by
1: J25: ?Kio. . "y:
Carle and Ausruste R*ppe - to Elizabeth
Kiatinry. lot rm N Hw of Carl street, SOO H of
Msnyan. V. 25 by N 137:«: $10..
Cliiapar rtubl»»r Flartation Investment Oom
j'any (.pprpoTKtlun) to Oilapaa Rubber Plajita
lion' <'om^ny. lot on E lino of Htanyan street
7.1 S uf Bnilab. S .V» by E'U*6:3; 110.
Chiapas Rubber Plantation Company \j'
• !.-;¦!;•, J. and Carrie-B. - Rousseau, same;
fiacmu. " ' ¦
Marj- n. MKJaffigan fwlfe of P. J.) to Rob
<rt •".' Rei4," lot'. <m f Hn« of Jackson street.
"C»i 2 W of (Xnr.'W 20 by S % dtKree, W
l?t.M: }10. " '-
Humtp. of Gwrc* F. Rrotrhle-fby-.TV,,. A.
Kirkwo^d. '-^ecutor) to Johanna S. .Tacohsciu
|..t ,,i< W lin* of Ko* street, 75 S of Eighteenth,
f :>Z bi- W. 75: $r:>rfV - '
Httxtni* £j.\ic£t aad Loan Society to Tat-
Eteamer. Destination. Sails. | Pier
l ¦ ¦ 1 L.
March 35.
Newburg... Grays Harbor ..... 4 pm Pier 10
«•!"!" f, catt ' e & Whatcom 4 pm Pl£ jo
Anubls Hamburg & Way.. 12 m Pier 19
J eanle Seattle A Tacoma. & pm Pier 20
March 28.
|SSra£ Hum'bo^ Pa . na . m f: 1^ gs A l
Warch 27. ' ¦¦""¦ r lerl °
S. Rosa.... San Diego & Way.) a ara'pier 11
Arcata..... Coot Bay direct... [to am Pier 13
March 38. I
Oregon Astoria A Portland 11 am Pier "4
Bonita..-.. ¦ Newport & Way.. j 9 am Pier 11
March 29. ¦
Pomona.... Humboldt . 11:30 pPJer 0
Nevarfan... Hono. A Kahului.f 3 p ra pier «i
Eureka j Humboldt 9 am pj er jjj
March 30. ' .
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
G. Linrtauer Grays Harbor .....| ft pmlpler 10
Centralia... Grays Harbor....;. 4 pmlPier 10
- March 31. I
CltyPuebla Fuget Sound Ports! 11 amIPIer »
State of Cal rts.-tn Diego, £z Way.l 9 amlPier 11
April 1. I
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
April 2. ; - *
Alameda.;.. Honolulu .......... 11 am Pier 7
Coptic.'."..:. China & Japan..:. 1 pm Pier 40
City Sydney N.-Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
G. "W. Blder Astoria * Portland 11 ami Pier 24
- April S. I v. ( -
Umatilla. .. I Puget Sound Ports. |ll amlPier 0
Coronado... Grayg Harbor. .| 4 pm|Plcr io
M. Wahler. 386 Third street, fell
from the seat of his wagon at the foot
of Fourth street yesterday afternoon
and was run over, receiving: several
lacerated wounds of the body.
George Buss, 1275 Mission /street, was
run over by a grocer's wagon at Mar
ket and Taylor streets and suffered
several scalp wounds. Both men were
treated, at the Central Emergency
Hospital."
Two Jlen Arc Knn Over.
TO SAIL.
Captain S. Sandberg, who was detached from
duty as chief officer of the steamship Siberia,
¦will not take command of the Colon, as first
reported, but will be placed In charge of the-
Newport, in place of Captain .T. W. Saunters.
Captain Saunders has been selected to com
mand the Manchuria, the second of the Pa
cific Mall Company's new big liners. The ap
pointment of Captain Saunders to ' this im
portant command comes as the reward ; of
years of faithful and efficient service. | During
the Spanish War. when the Newport . was
chartered by . the Government as an army
transport. Captain Saunders won golden opin
ions for the tactful . manner In which he
handled his army passengers. For some months
the Newport was used as headquarters and a
sort of flagship by General Otis, who holds
th« ship and her skipper In high esteem. Chief
Engineer Brolly and J. R. Clarkson. v/ho left
the Coptic to accept berths on the Manchuria,
leave for Newport -News to-morrow.. The
Newport Is due here. March 31, and Captain
Saundera will probably proceed East Immedi
ately upon his arrival, y^
¦Wlll Command the Manchuria.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, March 24.
Stmr. Spokane, Nonander, 18 hours from
Eureka. .
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 42 hours from
San DIeKo and way ports.
Stmr Maggie, Corning, A hours from Half
moon Bay.
. ¦ Fr bark Amlral de Cornulier. Caffln, 324
day* from Cardiff, via Santos 130 days.
Bktn Wrestler. . 10 days from Grays
Harbor.
. Hchr Pearl. Soderholm, 12 days from Sanak.
¦-. Schr Queen, I'oulsen, 0 days from Tort
Gamble. "-..
; Sohr .Sophie Christenson, Lunvaldt, 9 days
from Portland, j
Schr Czarina, Schmaltz, 11 days from Pirate
Cove. -
- Schr Jennie Griffin. Gibson, M hours from
Bollnas.
CLEARED.
Thursday. March 24..
Stmr Rosecrans, Johnson, Portland: Matson
Navigation Company. - .
Stmr Santa Cruz. Nlcolson, San Pedro; Pa
clllc Coast Steamship Company.
' Stmr Sonoma, Herriman, Sydney and Hono
.lulu: Jd> Snreckels nros & -Co.
Bark Oerard C Tobey, Scott, Honolulu;
Welch & Co.
SAILED.
Stmr Kureka, Jessen. Eureka.
Stmr Maggie, Corning, Halfmoon Bay.
Stmr ' State of California, Thomas, San
Diego. . :.-.
Stiar Sonoma, Herriman, Sydney, via Hono
lulu, etc. f .
Stmr Whittier. Mclnnls, nedondo.
Stmr RoFecran*. Johnson/ Portland. ' -
Stmr Santa Cruz, Nirolson, San Pedro.
RETURNED.
March 24— Schr Jennift Wand, Christiansen,
hence ¦ March 21 for Eureka, on account of
vessel springing a leak.
OUTSIDE BOUND IX.
March 2*?ei2 r> m — Four-masted schooner.
TKLKGRAPHIC. . " -
POINT LOBOS. 24. 10 p m— Weather
clear; wind northwest; velocity 28 miles per
hour. % *. --
SPOKEN.
Fcb 10— Lat 40 south. Ion 67 west. Br ship
Holt Hill, from -Hamburg for Oregon.
.<•-' DOM ESTTC. PORTS.
SANAK— To sail March 10— Schr Mary and
Ida, fcr San Francisco.; - - . -,-..,.---¦:
SAN PEDRO-^-Arrived March 24— Schr C 8
Holmes, from: Tacoma; »chr Olira, from"
coma : bktn ; Retriever,-, frcm Port Hadlock ;
schr Wawona, from Wlllapa Harbor. ' -- ¦
Sailed March 24 — Schr Annie > M Campbell,'
for ¦ Grays Harbor; schr .S -T Alexander, ¦ for
-Eureka. - • - ' -. ¦.¦¦•¦¦;
UMPQUA— Arrived March 22— Stmr San Ga
briel,-from San Pedro. "'.-". . ¦¦
TACOMA— Sailed ; March 24— Br stmr : Ping
Si;})-,' for. Hongkong: stmr San Mateo, for-San
Francisco. - v
_. SEATTLE— Arrived March 24— Stmr Uma
tilla, -hence : March 21; istmr Excelsior," trom
Vald?z. . - *
Sailed March . 24— Stmr City of Puebla, for
San - Francisco. ; • ¦'. ¦* -
r ASTORIA— Arrived' March 24— Schr Mabel
Gal<v from ' San Pedro.; v, . -\ ,/•.
1>ORT ,- TOWNSEND— Sailed March ' 24— Br.
stmr PlnK Suey, for China and Liverpool: bark
Gen K'nlrohild, - for Sydney. -
TATOO31I— Pasted out 'March 24— Schr Fhll-
Shipping Intelligence.
Steamer. From. Due.
Bonlta Newport & Way Ports. Mar. 23
Centennial... Seattle &. Tacoma Mar. 23
Oregon Portland & Astoria Mar. 2»
Amasis Hamburg & Way Pts. Mar. 25
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Mar. 25
Tellus OysTter Harbor Mar. 25
C. LIndauer. . Grays Harbor Mar 28
CltyPuebla... Puget Sound Porta Mar 27
Pomona Ilumboldt Mar 27
Eureka Humboldt Mar. 27
Czarina Coos Bay Mar 27
Curacao Mexican Ports Mar. 28
State of Cal.. Sun Diego Way Pts. Mar 2*
Alaskan. j New York Mar. 2S
AVellinRton...! Oyster Harbor Mar. 28
'Alameda. ..... Honolulu Mar 29
Coos Bay i San Pedro & Way Pts. Mar' °!»
G. W. Elder.-! Portland & Astoria Mar 30
Spokane Humboldt Mar' 30
Ontralla J San Pedro '. Mar' 30
Newport New-Tork \'la Panama. |Mar 31
Santa Rosa... San, Die*:*) & Way Pts.jMar. 31
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports ADr. 1
Coronado Graya Harbor Apr •>
Je«nle Seattle & - Tacoma .*!Apr' 3
Ventura ...... Sydney & Way Ports. (Apr.' 4
Mongolia. ;... | Norfolk .'.|Apr. 5
The bark Gerard C. Tobey was cleared yes
terday for Honolulu with an assorted mer'
chandise cargo, valued at -$22,242. and in
cluding the following: 415 bbls flour. «S4.t
ctls barley, lftf etls wheat. 5075 lba oil cake
meal. 46H ctl» corn. 117 ctls oats. 19.573 lba
middlings, 18,769 lbs bran, 1776 baiea hay.
713 lbs seed, 1S00 lbs coffee, 10 cs table
preparations, 2r>0 cs canned goods, COO gals
spirits, 0324 ft hardwood, 18.6t>5 ft lumber. B
pkgs paints and oils, 5 colls cordage. 125
bxs soap, 203<> railroad ties. 61 bales paper
bags. 58,000 bricks, 4 cs boots and shoes, 12.
015 lbs bread, 23,200 lbs sugar, 204 gals
whiskey, 100 casks bottled beer. ¦
Exports to Hawaii.
The Pavers* Union has elected th#
following officers: President. Michael
McGrath; vice president, Frank Mur
phy: treasurer. T. McGrath; secretary.
H. Zobrist; trustees. James Gill. Pat
rick McFreel and J. W. Leary: n+r
geant-at-arms. John Slattfry: delegate
to Labor Council. John Magee.
The following officers havo b^on elect
ed by the Outside Electrical Workers'
Union: President. H. B. Taylor: vice
president. B. J. Grant: recording secre
tary. W/M. Coyle; financial secretary
J. C. Kel>y: treasurer. W. M. Ryes:
trustees. "W. E. Owens. D. Keef> ami
H. F. Munson: delegates to Labor
Council. H. L. Worthlngton, G. Coon^y
James McQueeney. A. Baines and K
Sprole: examining board. A. Ordus i<
Sprole, T. Jack&on, L. Borden and C
Kohn: executive board. C. Kellorjr A
G. Phillips. S. Holmes. H. A: Thomp
son. H. Wolf, E. E. Gibson and P. Mc-
Swegan: inspectors. K Koffman. and
R. Pennlman: foreman. C. Pryor; busi
ness agent. James McDonald.
The pantsmakers and their employes
are said to have come to terms on a
$2 25 a day schedule. It Is said that six
firms have already agreed to these
terms, and should the others follow the
trouble will be ended.
The stablemen are said to be at outs
with their employers again, and It la
rumored that the men will ask for an
other increase of $2 50 a week in wages.
It Is probable that the difficulty be
tween the two factions, of the Painters*
Union will soon be settled. Josrph
Skemp, a prominent worker from the
East, has arrived In the city, and It Is
thought he will settle the trouble.
Although the engineers* difficulty
with the steam schooner owners has
been compromised. It is probable that
the vessels will remain Idle for some
time to come. As soon as it looked
promising for a favorable response to
the engineers* demand for overtime pay
Harbor 15 of the Masters' and Pilots*
Association put in a similar demand
for the deck officers. .This was settled
satisfactorily and the steam schooners
might now be in commission, but the
cooks and sailors have demanded con
cessions, and until this latest grievance
has" been settled captains, mates nor
engineers will have opportunity to
profit by the terms of their new agree
ments.
STEA3I SCHOONERS TIED
UP BY 3IORE DEMANDS
TO ARRIVE.
Movements of Steamers.
The joint committee on Health and
Printing: of the Board of Supervisors
yesterday reported in favor of per
mitting the Board of to print
2500 pamphlets for free distribution,
entitled "Health Hints for the House
hold," provided the cost is met out of
.he appropriation for the; printing of
the monthly bulletin of vital statistics,
should the publication of the latter be
is resymed. The Health Board has
not been printing the .latter bulletin
because the Mayor refuses to sanction
the expense. The committee ordered
a letter to be sent to the Health Board
requesting that the. latter make known
its intention relative to the Issuance of
the monthly bulletin. The committee
ordered a letter to be sent to the
Health Board requesting that the lat
ter make "known its intention relative
to the issuance of the monthly bulle
tin. The committee thought that if
the pamphlet on health hints is print
ed that it i^iouM be shortened and
made more concise.
Supervisors' Committee Thinks Ex
pense Should Be 3Iet Out of Fond
-for Monthly Bulletin.
FAVQRS PRINTING OF
"HEALTH HINTS? PAMPHLET
J. M. Wrieht & Sons Insurance Company
to William G. Klos. lot on 5E line of London
street, 175 NE of Persia. NE 25 by SE 100,
bloHi 12. Excelsior Homestead: $10.
Charles and Mary Quiet tp • Anna B. Whar
ton. lot e>n 8W corner of Crescent avenue and
Bache street. W 3ft by • S 75, lots 77. ¦ 79 an -l
61. Holliday mar A; $10.-
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association to Adam
Elscnbaner, lot in cemetery; $54.
Builders' Contracts.
Mrs. George S. Fife (owner) with v r>. J
O'Connor architects Sutton and
Weeks — Excavation for lot on N line of Cali
fornia. str«>et. 115 W of Jones. W 65 by N
137 :«; ?17»5. • °*v ¦
Mrs. Justine Caselll (owner) with L. Cuneo
& Co. 'contractors), architect M..J. Lyon All
vork for a two-story frame building (store
and flatsVon the S lino of Sacranu-nto street
a7:6 E of Spruce. S 107:8 by E 25; f.%00. '
Adolph O. and Clara B. Juel {owners) with
Eureka Building Company (contractors) -»
architect-r-AH .work exempt mantels, shadts
and gas fixtures for a one-etory, and - base
ment frame buildlns on the E line of Eureka
street, «>:$ S of Seventeenth. S 37 by E 123
H. A. 206; $2400. ?.'
Albert Plssis (owner) with F. W. Kern (con
tractor), architect Albert ¦ Pissis — Carpenter
mill, stsir. lathing and plastering for a three
rtory frame building- on the N line of McAl
lister street. 72 E of Fillmore, E 72:6 by ¦ rc
S7:6; |13,2& . y , Zs
,.I«nw« L. Floewl • (owner) wlth-Risdon Iron
nnd Locomotive Works (contractors), architect
tame — Holler plant for .building on. NE- ,-nr
tw of Powell and Eddy streets. J2 2?:$*,;. NB
1>>fi:6Si. NW 62:S>i, N 114:ll;i,.W 137:10,
S 275; 112,775. •¦ 'isi&tS&Mf' 1 ¦ - ,
rick Magee. lot on N line of Nineteenth street
75 W of Hartford. W 25 by N 75; $2100.
Jonathan and Anna M. Anderson to Annie B
Rartlett. lot on S line of Twenty-third street'
2S0 W of Sanchez. W 27 by S 114; $10 »
Ellen Hogan (wife of William) to Henry A.
Moore, lot on the N line of Elizabeth street,
150 W of Sanchez,- W 25 by N 114: $10.
Caas Rladky to Sebastian E. and Rose Dunne,
lot on W line of Eureka street. 149 S of Sev
enteenth, S 50 by W 125; $10.
Pierre and Jeanne V. Ducasse to Josephine
B. r»avy. lot on S line of Vallejo street, 165
w of Leavenworth, TV 27:6 by 8 137:6;
$14.1X50.
William. Robert, Mlnnl* and Adella Grass
hoff ic Icidor Linman, lot on NE corner of
Larkin and Calif ornm street*, E 85 by N TO;
Charlotte E. McCarthy to Frank D. Strtn*
hom, lot on SW line of Stanley place 14C
NW of Bryant *tre*>t, NW 54 by SW 125- $10
Frank D. Strlngham to Charlotte E. ' Mc-
Carthy. Martha P., Lotta and Frank "Web
ster, same: $10.
Henry F. Teschemacher to Shields -Estate
Company, lot on SH lino of Mission street.
276 SW of Third. SW 275 by BE 10O- $10
Thomas W.. Katherlne A., Christopher C
and cir 1 i? r A - n » v *™» to Emma H. Brown, lot
SW S 25 byVl f*!^." 1 " 61 ' * 75 SW Ot JrIfth '
Marie S. and E. D. Bullard to Phlnea* B.
Barber, lot on N line of Lalw street. 61 E of
Elchth avenue, B 32:6 by N 72- $10
Estate of Mary E. Pearl (by J. P. McMur
ray and Emma. Pearl, executors) to Frank T
Thunberr. lot on E line of Ninth avenue. 325
S of C street. S 25 by E 120; $1060.
Henry J. and Pauline Olsen to Maud* V
Jacobs, lot on E line o* Forty-elrhth avenu«"
X7B S of J street, 8 25 by E 120; $10.
Andrew and Annie "Wood to Walter J.
Gearln, lot on NE corner of Forty-ninth ave
nue and M street. E 112:11U, N 62:6 W
119:1>4. S 62:6T4: $10.
Solomon and Dora. Get* to sum, lot on NW
corner of Forty-elrhth avenue and M street
N 62:C. W 114, S «2:«. B 114 ? $10. Blre «'
Fannie Hill to J. W. "Wright & Son Invest
ment Company, lot on W line of Twenty-eighth
avenue, 65:8 8 of R street, S 100 by W 120
$10.
Warren P. and ChrUtena. W. Smith to Er
nest It. and Thomas R. Luce, lot on RE line
of Paris utrcet. l.V> NE of Brazil, - NE 25 by
SE 100. block 18, Excelsior Homestead; $10.
Jacob B. Uelnsteln to S. Ducas Company
blocks B. C, V and E, Gets Addition to Lake
view; ?10.
Samuel, Gustavo. David and Isador Rosen
thai to Llutrl Gentotti. lot en W line of Chen
ery Btreet, 100 N of Randall, N 25 by W 120
block 38 Falrmount Homestead; $10.
J. F. and Aagunta A. Hlnk to John -Wesen
dunk, lot 3. block 32, as. per map, recorded
June 14. 1890. in Liber 1, map 218. Excelsior
Homestead; ?10.
The British ship County of Kinroes pro
ceeds to Burrard Inlet to load lumber for
Cork, U. K. ; chartered In England.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping; Merchants.
XEWS OF THE OCEAX.
¦ John Burke, a fireman on the eteam whaler
Hermann, took a light too close to an open
can filled with coal oil yesterday and Is nurs
ing severe burns of the face and hands.
Thieves have stolen twelve tons of chain
from the hull of the wrecked steamer Pro
greso. The chain was part of the gear used
by the Whitelaw Wrecking Company in their
efforts to eave the explosion-torn steamer.
Water Front Notes.
The schooner Jennie Wand, which left here
-for Kur«ka March 21. return-d, to .port , yes*
terday leaking at the rat« of sU feet. in Jwelve
hours. Her eeams opened during a south
wester encountered March 23 when fifty miles
west of Point Arena. AH hands were kept
busy at the pumps until the vessel reached
port yesterday.
Returns In Distress.
Masse and Moranne Are Sentenced to
Three Years' Imprisonment y»fh
by the Correctional Tribunal.
PARIS, March 24.— The Correctional
Tribunal to-day sentenced Masse and
Moranne to three years* imprisonment
each for perjury in the Fair will case.
Masse and Moranne are the bicyclists
who were touring at the time of the
automobile accident near Evreux,
France, in August, 1902, which resulted
in the deaths of Mr. and Mrs. Charles
L. Fair. ~The men claimed to have seen
the Fairs thrown out. The testimony
showed, however, that they were not
present, but that they so represented
themselves, hoping to gret a trip to
America.
FAIR* CASE PERJURERS
ARE SEXT TO PRISOX
The rate of reinsurance of the British bark
Lamorna wag reduced yesterday from 65 to
50 per cent. The Italian bark Gaetano Casa
bona. out 140 days from New York, for Syd
ney, is quoted at 10 per cent. The Englehorn
stands at 10 per cent, and the ZwUger Is still
on the board at 90 per cent.
Liunorna Quoted at 50 Per Cent.
Schmitz expressed himself in favor
of the improvement and informed the
committee that the matter would be
referred to the Bureau of Engineer
ing for an estimate of the cost. If it
was not too great the Board of "Work3
would at once take the necessary steps
to improve the street, Schmitz said.
Schmitz also said that owners In
front of whose property the sidewalks
are impassable wouW be notified by
the board to put down new sidewalks,
as they are required to do under the
law. The committee retired well sat
isfied with its interview.
A committee from the recently
formed Geary-street Improvement
Club, headed by Xorman Britton, yes
terday waited on President Schmitz of
the Board of Public Works and urged
that the roadway of Geary street, from
Kearny to Mason, be put In good con
dition. The committee said that the
bad state of the street and sidewalks
was a detriment to business interests
of the storekeepers.
Commissioner Schmitz Assures Com
mittee of Storekeepers That Work
Will Be Prosecuted.
FAVORS THE PLAN TO
IMPROVE GEARY STREET
days from Pirate Cove. She brought 150,000
codfish.
SCHOONER JKNXIS WAND. WHICH
RETURNED TO THIS PORT YES
TERDAY LEAKING BADLY.
Shortly before she pulled out an en
terprising young man made a bold ef
fort to stow away. Freighted with two
canvas-covered telescope grips, he
walked up the gangplank with as much
much assurance as did Dowie, the un
accepted Messiah, who traveled on the
Sonoma the previous voyage. The man
with the telescope grips had watched
his chance to pass the quartermaster
stationed at the shore end of the gang
way and succeeded in reaching the
deck without being asked for his ticket.
He laid his grips on the deck, mingled
with the crowd of passengers and dis
appeared. Something in the furtive
glide up the gangplank attracted the
attention of Captain Howard, who sug
gested to Purser Hodson that he find
out something, of the man-in-a-hurry.
After a search the owner of the grips
was located In a snug corner of the
upper deck counting the strands in one
of the boat lashings. He had no ticket
and was unprovided with funds. He ac
cepted tjje situation gracefully and
walked ashore with as much assurance
as he had gone on board. He caught a
glimpse of Captain Howard's smile,
however, as he stepped off the plank
and did not linger on the wharf.
The Sonoma's passengers Included the
following named:
Honolulu — Mrs S. T. Alexander. G. Austin,
J. 'Austin, Mrs. Austin. P. Baker. Mrs. Baker.
R. M Boothe. Mrs J. C. Burrows, G. F. Bush,
Miss Ethel Cohen. M. M. Gllchrist, Mrs. Gil
chrlst. K. R. Hamaker. A. E. Hughes. C. .T.
Hutchlns, A. Johnston. Mrs. Johnston. J.
Johnston. Mrs. Johnston. Miss A. Lamed, Miss
E. Lamed, S. B. Lamed. James Nawn. Tom
Nawn. Mrs. Nawn. Mips Katherine Nawn. Miss
Marguerite Nawn. H. N. Peck. Thomas' Pratt.
H W. Rice: Mro. W. H. Scott, infant and
maid; Mrs. C. R. Splivalo. Miss Mautl B.
Sloan. Miss Spllvalo, S. P. Stoddard, Mrs.
Stoddard. M. L. Story. Mrs. Story, Samuel
Sussman Mrs Sussman, Miss Susaman. Mi<-*
P. A Underbill William Waterhouse. Captain
J. A." "Wood. Mrs. J. A. Wood Jr.. Miss Lulu
Wood F. Bacon. Charles Barren. Mrs. f?. J.
Carley Mrs. E. W. Esteys, J. E. Gomes. Mrs.
O L Hennlnger and infant. T. L. Holloway,
Charles Hopp. K. Klmm. A. Lefaivre.
Lefalvre J. TV. Penahn. Mrs. M. M. Scott,
Mrs. A." B. Temple and two children, EnO3
Vincent. W. R. Waters. Mrs. E. M. Wood.
Pago-Pago — Mrs. J. R. Van Nagel, Dr. Hans
Klee.
Auckland — Mrs. O. Balnbrldfre. and child. W.
H. Edson. J. S. MacArthur. W. Sheror Jr.. F.
W. Skeet. Mrs. Skeet. J. S. Evans, James
Kln;c. William Knudsen. G. Orchard.
Sydney — Miss Alice Belson, Frank Buck
huret. F. F Dance. Mrs. Dance, Robert Fer
guson. "W. H. Gilbert, Mrs. Gilbert. R. G.
Hutchlns. Mies Hutchlns. E. A. Langr. Mrs.
Lang and infant. J. Gilbert Lodge. Frank Mer
ton. W. II. Morso. A. W. Schneider. J. Sin
clair. Rev. E. R. Young. Mrs.. Youngr. Hugo
"Werth. A. L. Eplatteiner. S. Karman. Fer
dinand Lapple, George Lynch. George Medaris,
Miss E. Morande. Oliver Morande. Willie Mo
rande. J. P. Ryan;' Louis Sauvant. <,
Join at Honolulu for Sydney— H. L. Walker,
Miss Flora Donaldson, Gavin Spence.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's
liner Sonoma, Captain C. F. Herriman,
sailed yesterday for Honolulu and the
Antipodes with a full cargo and many
passengers. There were many prom
inent colonials among 1 the passengers
for Australia and New Zealand, and
those whose journey ends at Honolulu
included a number of tourist parties
from the East and Europe. The llntw
left the Oceanic wharf promptly at 2
o'clock.
Ipplne, from Tacoma, for San Pedro: Br stmr
Vlng Suey. from Tacoma. for Hunzkonc.
EVERETT— Sailed March 24— Bktn John C
Meyer, for San Pedro.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived March 23— Schr
Resolute, from San Pedro.
Sailed March i'S — Trite,
SAN DIEGO— Arrived March 24— Schr Ot
tillie Fjord, hence March IS, for Topolobampo
(tn distress); *chr Beulah, from Umpqua.
Sailed March 24— Stmr Marshfleld. for San
Francisco; bark Coloma. for Eureka.
COOS BAY— Sailed March 24— Stmr Arcata.
tor San Francij»;o; stmr Czarina, for San
Francisco.
ISLAND PORTS.
HILO— Arrived March 23 — Ship Kenllworth,
from Hlogo.
EASTERN PORTS.
NKW YORK— Sailed March 23— Stmr Segu
ranca, for Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
NEWCASTLE. AUS— Sailed Feb 27— Bark
Hollywood, for Sun Francisco •
BROWH CAD— Arrived March 23— Br bark
Orion. h*nce NTov 1 for Quuiutown (becalmed).
BEACH V HEAD— Pats id March 23— Oer
bark Barmbek, from Hamburg, for Santa Ro
salia.
I COLON— Arrived March 23— Stmr City of
Washington, from New York.
Sailed March 23— Stmr Yucatan, for New
York.
LONDON— Sailed March 10 — Ger stmr
Luxor, for San Francisco.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived March 24— Br stmr
Doric, hence March 6.
SWANSEA*- Arrived - March 23— Br bark
Champlgrny. hence Nav 24.
SWANSEA— Sailed March 23 — Fr bark
Alice, for San Francisco.
HARWICH— Arrived March' 23 — Fr bark
Rene, from Oregon.
SHIELDS — Sailed March 23— Br ship Marl
borough Hill for Snn Francisco.
VICTOr'\, 6 O— Sailed March 24— Stmr
City of 1 % ila, for San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
BRISBANE— Sailed March 24— Stmr Aor
angl. for Suva, Honolulu and Vancouver, B C
NEW YORK — Sailed March 24 — Stmr
Bluecher. for Hamburg. Plymouth and Cher
bourg: stmr La Savole, for Havre. Main,
Bremen. Peruvla. Leghorn and Marseilles.
NAPLES— Arrived March 24— 9tmr Koen-
Ijren Lulu, from New York, and sailed for
Genoa.
QCEENSTOWN— Sailed March 24 — Stmr
Oceanic, from Liverpool, for New York: atror
Xoordland, from Liverpool, for Philadelphia.
CHEUBOURG — Sailed . March 24 — Stmr
Prinzess Alice, from Bremen, for New York.
ST MICHAELS— Arrived March 24— Stmr
Prinzess Irene, from Genoa, Naples and Gib
raltar, for New York.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed March 21— Stmr Ba
varian, for Halifax, X S, and St John. N B.
via Movllle: stmr Southward, for Halifax and
Portland. Me.
Arrived March 23 — Stmr Ivernlan, from Bos
ton: otmr Auranla, from New York.
LONDON— Sailed March 24 — Stmr Mar
quette. for New York, via Southampton.
When the committee had been ap
pointed Bennett stated that the irrlsra
tionlsts meet the first Tuesday of
each month in Modesto and Turlock.
As the towns are fifteen miles apart
Bennett suggested that the commute?
visit Modesto in- the morning and Tur
lock in the aftarnoon.
"Yes." replied Bennett. "But you
understand that we have the first
rights as lrrisationists. This is a val
uable right and if it was vested In
private ownership San Francisco would
have to pay very dearly for the priv
ilege."
"What do the irrigationists contrib
ute?" asked D'Ancona.
"We will waive our claims and will
help you get the bill granting water
rights to San Francisco through Con
gress. This city can never get th»
right to us? the reservoir sites on the
Tuolumne River If we oppose them,"
answered Bennett.
"If you go to Modesto," said Bennett,
"with your minds made up to give 600
second feet of water in perpetuity l>>
the irrigation districts in addition to
what they are now diverting I am
safe in saying that you will encounter
no difficulty In arriving at a satisfac
tory arrangement and the bill will not
be opposed in Congres3. At the present
time we take only the natural How of
the river, to which we have undisputed
rights."
In reply to Supervisor d'Ancona.
Bennett said that if this city abandoned
the project the Irrigationists would
build dams to get the additional water
they required.
"Then." said D'Ancona. "the proposi
tion Is that this city must bear the ex
pense of $500,000 in order to give y<»u
this additional water, the price bein^r
the removal of your objections?"
Dockweller stated that the amount "f
water asked for by the irrigationists is
33 1-3 per cent of what the city is now
using and is in addition to what they
are diverting at present, amounting lu
200 cubic second feet. Dockweiler ad
vised care in the negotiations because
if the demands of the Irrigationists are
conceded there would be difficulty in
supplying the water especially In Sep
tember, when but one-third of the res
ervoir capacity is stored.
Commissioner Casey said he had been
over the ground and said if dams are
raised there would be untold quantities
of water for all concerned.
John E. Bennett, representing th*
Modesto Irrigation District, stated that
his clients required 600 cubic second
feet only during two months in the
year.
The Supervisors' Public Utilities
Committee yesterday decided on the
appointment of a special enmmitte* lu
csnf-r with the representatives of tbj
Turlock and Modesto irrigation dis
tricts in order if possible to arrive at
seme amicable agreement whereby the
districts named will withdraw their
opposition to the proposed bills no*
btfore Congress granting this city cer
tain water rights at the headwaters uf
the Tuolumne River as the nucleus of
a municipal water system. The com
mittee consists of Commissioner Wood
ward of th»_> Board of Public Works.
City Attorney Long. Supervisor Braun
hart. J. H. Dockweiler and Assistant
City Engineer J. R. Price.
Price stated that the proposition dis
cussed recently was to gU** the irriga
tionlsts 600 "cubic second feet" of
water, but he did not think it advisable
to enter Into an agreement to deliver
this amount of water under existing
conditions. The water would irrigate
200,000 acres of land. Price said that
additional water could be obtained by
raising the Hetch Hetchy dam at an
expense of S500.C09.
The report of the City Engineer that
it will cost $5100 to Improve Nineteenth
avenue from Trocadero road to Ocean
avenue was referred to the Finance
Committee to be considered when the
next budget is taken up.
UiUogley btated that Gray Bros, were
grading on Thirtieth street without a
permit. Grav said his Mini was grad
ing - its own property and in front
of it, but that work had been stopped
upon order of a street inspector.
The petition of the .Laborers' Protec
tive Union that provision be made for
the cleaning of streets by' the city and
that all employes engaged in such work
be paid the minimum wages of $2 50 per
day was referred to the Board of
Works fcrr investigation and report.
The petition of- the Santa Fe Rail
way system' for an extension of sixty
days from April 30 within which to
complete a bridge over Nineteenth
street was reported favorably upon.
The petition of the Excel6ior Home
stead Association to repaVe the road
way of Mission street to the county
Hne was referred to the Board of Works
for examination and report.
E. W. McKlnstry and Mrs. Emma L.
Merritt, executors of the Sutro estate,
opposed the proposed change of grades
on I and J streets west of Fifth avenue
on the ground that it would damage
the property of the estate in the vicin
ity. The committee deferred action to
give the parties interested a chance
to compromise the matter. The protest
ants hold that the change should be
an 8 per cent grade instead of 9 per
cent, as ordered by the Board of Works.
Thr ordinance regulating the busi
ness of rock crushing by requiring a
permit' to be first obtained from the
Board of Supervisors was laid over for
one week.
George Gray asked that considera
tion of the bills be postponed until the
board could ascertain if Gray Bros,
would live up to their agreement to
conduct operations so they would not
be a nuisance.
The Supervisors* Street Committee
yesterday referred to the board the two
ordinances extending the limits wltfiln
which it is prohibited to carry on rock
quarrying or rock crushing with the
recommendation that the bills pass.
The ordinances are identical with the
two vetoed by the Mayor, the vetoes
having been sustained by the board.
R. \V. Gillirgley. representing the resi
dents in the vicinity of Thirtieth and
Castro streets who arc opposed to the
establishment of a rock quarry by
Gray Bros., urged the committee to re
port in favor of the paBsage of the
ordinances.
"I therefore do not desire to approve
of an ordinance which I regard as il
legal under the strict terms of the char
ter and the decision of the court re
garding encroachments on the side
walks. I see no particular reason why
I should veto the ordinance because I
consider it illegal. I do not care to
again call on friendly Supervisors to
sustain my veto, so I think that the
wisest course is to withhold my signa
ture from the ordinance. Under the
charter the ordinance thus becomes a
'aw— that is, if what I regard as an il
legal ordinance can be called a law. It
will be a matter for court adjudication
at all events, and I do not desire to in
terfere in the matter, seeing that the
sentiment of the public appears to be
in. favor of the free flower markets. I
believe that the Board of Public Works
has entire jurisdiction over the prohibi
tion of sidewalk privileges, and the
matter should be left to that body."
Under the charter the Mayor is al
lowed (en days to approve or disap
prove of any resolution or ordinance.
Should he fail to sign a bill within the
prescribed time it becomes a law with
out his approval. The ten days will ex
pire to-day, and unless tfie Mayor
changes his mind in the meantime he
will return the ordinance to the Board
of Supervisors without his signature.
"It is my opinion," said the Maydr.
"that the ordinance granting privileges
to itinerant flower venders is clearly
illegal. I am of the firm opinion that
the courts will so hoKl in view of the
Superior Court's decision in the matter
of bootblack stands being maintained
on the sidewalks. >, ;~*
Mayor Schmitz declared yesterday
that he will decline, to affix his signa
ture to the ordinance providing for the
establishment of free public flower
markets at the corner of Market -and
Powell streets and other designated lo
cations in. the downtown districts'.
The Mayor expresses the opinion that
the Ordinance is illegal O n its face, be
cause the charter specifically forbids
the granting of any special privileges.
His Honor therefore believes that his
signature will not legalise the ordin
ancel
Under Charter Measure Will
Become Law, but Schmitz
Does Not Want to Interfere
City Build Dam to Supply
Two Districts Interested
Plan Suggested That This
Executors of Sutro Estate
Object to Alleged Injury
to Its x Property Interests
APPOINT A COM3I1TTEE
THINKS IT IS ILLEGAL
Supervisors Would Compro
mise With Opponents of
Tuolumne Water Project
Liner Takes Her Departure for Honolulu and the Antipo
des and Has on Board Many Prominent Colonials.
Young Man Fails in Attempting to Stow Away
OPPOSE GRADE. CHANGES
Street Committee Again Rec
ommends the Extension of
the Prohibitory Limits
ROCK CRUSHING
NOT IN FAVOR
TO CONFER WITH
IRRIGATIONISTS
WILL NOT SIGN
THE ORDINANCE
Approve! Bill Establish
ing- Free Flower 3Iarkets
Mayor Says He Will Xot
STEAMSHIP SONOMA SAILS
WITH BIG PASSENGER LIST
., ,-..... ... . .. _ . . . .... . .
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 25, 1904,
14
DEATH NOTICES.
Continued Prom Pn«o Thirteen.
Saturday. Murch 2«. at 8:S0 o'clock, at his
'.•te nrs'ilenu?. JlfA Union street, theace to
St. Francis Church Trh«r«> mass will l>»
*<-el*brat»O for th* rwase of his «oul. com-
ir.enoing st » o clock. Intermeat Holy Cross
< Vjr.^tery.
1»ANIHY—In 'ht#< cliy. March t3. 1904, Daniel
Uanlhr. ?je".o'"d brother of Timothy Danifcy.
¦ native of Camv. County Kerry, Ireland,
aR*1 ~ft yar«. \
IcyKrirnds and n<o-simaac«>s ar* rerpXct-
fuUr inv:t<»d to attf-nd th» Mineral to-morrow
¦ Kiitcrrtsyt. *t » o'clivk, from the parlors
¦ f McFxddeTi. McBrearty t Green. 1171 MH-
*ion street, between Seventh and Eigblb,
!h«»n'y> «o St. Patrick's Church, where a
!--<ju:^m Litli marj will be <"e!ebrated for
tjje reu e- of his soul pt 9:*« o'clock. lot»r-
tn»nt !!o!y Cross C^tn^tery.
l.iK GROOT-In this city, March 24. 1904.
Harry H. 1>» Groot. beloved s^n of the late
Maria Ftur»n. pnd brother cf Mrs. TV. Clma
and Cfcris S. and J. II. Flureri. a native of
Ur.'Iand. Rjr'd 42 years 5 months and 24
-lay*.
/*« H.TOX—In Ibis city. March 24, 19<>4. I>«wia
V.\ <r-lton. darrhter of Mn«. «.\ F. Coiton.
:.!id *unt .>f M>». W. F. I>a'-h nrd Mis?
K»y Ilack^tt. a rintive of Orovlllo, Csl.
' Z7 Notlc<» of funeral hereafter.
CO»Xr:V-In ihl* cliy. Man-li 2*. !»<?». Mary,
h*-!ovrd Trife of :h» Inte Mi'-hn«l <"coney.
• tid mother of Mary. John. Resale and A!lc»
•.*oon<»y. Mr*. F.. C. Frinbi-. Pist«-r Margaret
<•*¦ the lYjiiitr of Notre Dam* end Sr. M.
»iareth or the Holy Family, and Ulster of
¦William McNamera arid Mrs- M. Maloney,
a riatlv* of County Limerick. Ireland. «sed
«l yearB and a months.
CTFriends and acgualntances are repp»ct-
fuily in^ted to attend the funeral to-morrow
<S«turdaj>. at t>.rj, o'clock, frcm her lat»
r»*l4rnoe. CS1S Twatty-tbipd street, near
Sanchez, tHenc* to B«. Jame?' Church,
where a requiem hisli rr.tts ttIII be cele-
brated for the r*:x-s? ot hrr so:i!. com-
mencing at 9 o'rhvk. Interment Holy Crew*
C*m*terj-.
FRASER —In this city. March 23, l»O4.
William P.. beloved father of W. K. Fraser.
b narn-p of Canada, ac^J SI year* i>nd 4
rrioath5.
Cf Friends and arnva!ntiir.c»s and meni-
b»rj< of "'arpentprs' Union No. 22 tr«- resp**"'-
fully Invited to attetrl thf funTal to-morrow
¦ Fantrdar). «t 2 o'.-lo.^. from t^f i>ailoi»
rrH»ltt#« * Co.. n«<i Mm*l<.n i«tre"t. Inter-
ment Cjprorfs I^a*in Crtjsetery. by clfitrlc
'*r irom B&ttebHeatH nnd Cuorrery/strfete.
COODHUE—la' this o!ty. March 24 11KM.
'"r«nk « . dearly I»«lov«l hi:shBn<i of May
<:'v«ihu». tatli«T of lyouise Ooodbne. and
brother or Mrs. Wiatt and PVH and .1
WJltiarn Gor~1hii»». a native uf rVwnorm. <"al..
Mg,rri zu v«- Sr» R tfnnths and JK cays. ti>os
iai>^rs id^^u^ oor-y.)
PET" Remains at Ox j-arlorw or IT. F. Buhir
* Co.. 1137 Mitcinn street, between f?«-.-enlli
nnd Klrfcth. Notice of funeral hereafter.
IMMx— In this rity. March 24. l»04. Mrs.
Idward Hsll. beloved wife of K. Hall, only
<1»urht«>- of .1. If. Sullivan, and belovod
M«t*r of TV. T. ami J. !?. Sullivan, a native
of Stockton. Cal., ag-d 2« years 2 months
• nd d*>*.
KKU,E<iHAN- In this city. March 23 1904.
Pnt-t'-k. l>elr.v<»d brother <-f Lawrence'Kelle-
s-hsn of Tor^st City, <"a!.. and Mrs J
< "<-tujorE of Newark. N. J., a native of
County Monashan, Ireland.'
tt-?" Friends ard acquaintances ar» respect-
ruily invited to attend th» funeral to-morrow
<.Saturta>». March '.'6. at l>:00 o'clock, from
th«* c«rlors of Cerew & English 2i» Van
N^s av^nup. th'nre to St. Mary'* Cathe-
dral, where a rc-<juiem hieh mass will be
• wiTaed for the n.ocj** ot his soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interroe-nt Holy
< "ro«?= Oeineterj-.
LANGEXUTAKK— In thia city. March 23. 1904.
*-; £• Au C"st I^aneermann. beloved husband
¦•t Fredcrltke Lancertnanr., and father of C.
y. AueuRt I^r.jrermann and Mrs. D. A.
litres*, a native of Osterbun:. Germany,
?ped r,s yeara 5 months and 24 days.
¦¦ CTFTirnds and acquaintances are respect-
.'iJIy invited to attend tbe funeral sen l.;es
x.'j-\i\y < Friday*, «t 1 o'clock. at Me- !
¦aortal. Hail. Odd Fellows' baildinc. corner i
t-evnatB and Ma«-lfet streets, under the aus- i
picas of TemjUar Lodge No. 17. 1. O. O. F. I
lnternirnt private. Maunt Olivet Cemeter>-. I
by funrra! car from Eighteenth aad Guerrero |
streets.
MAL.ONKY— In this city. March 23. 1904,
« athenne Maloney. beloved mother of J F 1
«nd \\\ U M»icjiey. Mrs. A. C. Babkirk. j
Mrs. .%. T McKinnra and Nellie L. Peel, a !
native of Ir^lar-d.
CTFricn'iii iind acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited t., ettend funeral service*- to-
morrow (Saturday), March 26. at 10 o'clock.
st th» i^riors of th«* WtPtern Addition
Fun*ral Olr^ctors. 1724 Devisaxjero street.
l '1!"'Mw Setter ajjd HubIj. Interment Holy
• r.^« Ometerj-. by train leaving- Third and
Towntnid «trptt£ at ] 1:30 o'clock.
MoOirnN—In this eity, March 24 1904.
F-.dwan! MrOiffin. a native of Ireland, aged
45 yeaif 7 months and 3 days.
MORRISON-In this city. March 24. 1904,
How. Morrison, a native of Ireland, ared
d» sears.
O'BRIEN— In this city. March 22 1SMM
Timothy, husband of the late Mary O'Brien'
*n<i brother of th« late John O'Brien a
native cf County Cork, Ireland, aged 60
yotn. i
PARKER—In this city, March 24 l»(M
f-ranris J. Parker, below-d husband of the
»W IP' X> ' 1>ariier- *«<! father of Charles
M. T. Parker, a native of Connecticut, aeed
">l y<"ar» 11 months and 22 days. «chicaxo
*"P^^?' id J anJ liosto '' :«x*i's' please copy.)
tyvripmis and acquaintances are respect-
ful, y invited lo attend tho funeral Saturday,
Man* •:<;. a t 10:3o o'clock, from the mortu-
*!>• tliat»e! of the Golden Gate Undertaking
•'ompany. 2475 Mission street. n«»ar Twenty-
"IV- ''."."r bi \. cIertrio funeral car from
corner i.i(t!uc*nth and Guerrero In-
i"rm<nt Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
n \'?,? K7 KJ i ~in Alameda. March 2o. 1904
Kli^abet!, WJnifrwi, daughter of Winifred
E. .-nd the late John II. Roeseter
CrVrirnit are invited to attend the
.'ur.-ral fcrx.ee FHday. March 25. at JO
.. C1OCK. at St. Toeech s Church. Alameda
latermeat private. Please omit flowers. I
O-kUnd, Robert Emmet Smith.
-ioarl> b?lovtd «>n of Charles T. and Rosa
KmttJC aad brother of Walter J.. cSarlott?
Aana. Ireno and Ue*n Smith. JlriTV
M'/d -^ v Cberry> a **tlve ot Oakiana!
THOMASOX— In thia city, March "4 1<V>4
I-dwiji O.. beloved and orilvloa of Edwin R
J rancisco. a«d 34 years 3 month, and 7
fc?-Xotice or funeral hereafter.
HENRY J. CALLACHER CO.
. Telephone South 80. "*wu
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Ftfta^'t.
J-iDtmt Equipnenu at ModeraU fUtw
J«ott McGinn. """""lle^^STrir^™ 1^
JAMES McGXNN &CO^^^--":
Formerly With McGinn Bro«
.14 Eddy it.; TcL South B7&
,Insolvent Laborer.
JlisceUaneous Markets.
Ah Ling wa3 sentenced yesterday by
United States District Judge de Ha
ven to three months' imprisonment in
the County Jail and to pay a fine of
$100. He had pleaded guilty to an In
dictment charging him with manu
facturing cigars without giving the in
ternal revenue bond required by law.
Ah IJns Sentenced.
VEGETABLES — Aaparagus. 10<il2^c per lb
for ex^ra, 8®0o for No. land 5@7c for No. 2;
Rhubarb. $1@1 60 per box;; Green Peas 4@5c
per ib for Los Angeles and •- 4@6c -for bay:
String Beans. 12Vi®15c per lb; Tomatoes, $1 25
. POTATOES— Burbanks from the river— 1©
1 15 per ctl; t Oregon Burbanks. $1 I5@i 30
per ctl: River Reds. $1@1 10 per ctl; small
Oregon Burbanks for seed. 00c@$l per* ctl 1
Garnet -Chile*. $1@1 10 per ¦ ctl ; . Early Rose'
$1 40©l CO per ctl: Sweet Potatoes, nominal •
new Potatoes. 3@3Hc per lb. :
ONIONS— Yellow, $2 25® 2 50 per ctl for Or
egon . and :¦ $.'( 5003 75 . for Australian ; Green
Onions. 40£f50c p«r box/- . • v
As was expected, the loss . of , the Bouldin
Island Asparagus crop had a strengthening
effect upon ; the market for: that vegetable and,
although receipts were liberal, aggregating
over 000 boxes, all grades .'cleaned up well at
firmer prices.' as . most dealers were stocking
up in anticipation of lighter receipts and still
higher prices | to-day. Rhubarb was offered
at easier rates." the price at the shipping point
having been' reduced. to $1 25. per box for the
best stock by the Growers' Association, Eg*
Plant and preen Peppers from the South were
lower, but ; all the other vegetables' «tood
about as previously quoted.
Receipts of river Potatoes continued mod
erate, and as there was less old stock offering
the market had a steady tone, with the best
lots meeting a good inquiry. Oregon Pota
toes were- quiet, pending ! the arrival of the
steamer Qregon, which is due to-day. Oregon
Onions were unchanged, with only fancy,offer
ings receiving any- attention, a car«of Ne
vadans came In and was offered at $2 50 and
$2 65 per -ctl." ' .
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
• The feature of these markets at the moment
is the pronounced firmness In Dried Peas,
which. arc ncarce and held higher. The stock
here is said to . be exclusively Eastern.
There is no further chans« in Beans.
Hemp Seed Is higher.
BEANS— Bayop, $2 35®2 CO- Pea. $3@3 25;
Butters. $:i'C0i$3 75; small White. $:i#;j 13;
larse White, $2 «5@2 73: Pink, $3 20®3 33-
Re). $4 50: Lima, $3 20®3 SO: Red Kidneys,
$4 50©5: Dlackeye, $2©2 15 per ctl: Horse
Bcsins, $2(52 f.0. •
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $3 73©4: Yellow
Mustai-d. $:j@:l 25: Flax.' ?1 80(51-00; Canary.
5y.<g3')',c for Eastern: Alfalfn. 14»i*?JHc: Rape
lH'&Se; Tlmolhyv 0S6',iC; Hemp, 3%@4c per
lb: Millet. aaa>Ac; Broom Corn Seed..$20@21
per ton.' . '
DRIED PEAS— Blackeye. $3 per ctl; Niles,
$3 25; Green, $3@3 23.
Beans and Seeds.
NFW YORK. Marcb 24.— A much smaller
¦mount of business was transacted in the
lirrv r-arktt to-dcy than on the two preced-
TngdaTs and market the effect
of the /-xtenslv* realizing which had bcrn
effected 00 thewe oay* and the ellminaUon of
a larc "rtion of the short interest of the
r-arket There was no cvid'.nce of larjte oper-
TSoStV powerful forces which kept the mar
ket rtlmuEted ymorday and the day before.
The source and the purpose of those opera-
Uons have bet-n the cau f e of bewilderment
"v«f to the profe«lonal traders, who have fol
lowed; them ea*erly In the stock market to
irt-ure a profit Jn the resulting price rnove
m^t Ernrhatlc denials from official sources
Jha't any Urg^ interest In Union Pacific was
b^fn- aocurnuiated by Northern Pacific or
GrwTt Nosthrm interests have somewhat
«»^krn the epf-rulative rum«a» which have re-
rn'it credence as to the cause of tne
rauraous ab«orotion <-f that stock on Tje..-
J« TH« doubt is emphasized by the sudden
fubeidJrrc of the demand, indicating that It
tae b£n «tiKfie4. *t«a«v«r eource It may
ii«ve cc-ne from, leaving no solicitude to *us
i.fm i£l market price of the stock. The North
ern S^Sarttlf . Plan of redistribution offers no
sudden and convulsive advance.
v,£hVdie» the explanation of aa uncovered
hrt intc«*t «rw to explain satisfactorily
SfJSiSjS t* various etocka in such
l^ume as hai b^en *pcn this week. Tet the
iuvinW tras Indubitable, and the epeculaUve
worid is cenriderably bewildered by It. To
<T«V« nervous and irreeular market was the
"fl-rtio^ of the perplexity. Several stocks
nrludlne Amalffamsted Copper, were pushed
u0 at different time. a« though to rastain the
"P,l\. Th« continued activity tn the curb
Market' for Northern Pacific and Great North-
J?n preferred carried them eharply downward.
,nd confirmed the suspicion with which the
*£ .-inus rt*e i» regarded. Great Northern pre
i.Vr*d on the exchange, dropped over .7
m.ints Icavins a wide breach In th% valuation
ffi on the stock for purposes of dtetribu-
Mon cf Northerr- Securities assets. Further
rn'iis in the winter. wheat belt were of no help
? n'ttr^ks in face of the rise in the price of
wli<-t future*. Condition*. «U11 further ap
p^ached the cold-rxport point -without a««ct
--r the money market. The continued ea*e of
rionov offers some inducement to the holding
of f.ec-urttt<>s with borrowed fund*, and ' is one
of the reasonc offered for the Improved demand
for *tock*. The weight of .realizing on the
whole market caioed force and carried it down
New York Stock Market.
VEW YORK. March 24 — Close— Money on
call me steady ut l%«l?i per cent: clos
in«r bid l J i Per c'-nt; offered at 1% per cent.
T:me -money was eary and dull. Sixty Jays.
3 Ur cent; ninety days, 3&3^ P«r cent; six
months. 3«i©4 per cent.
New York Money Market.
EASTERN
Hops continue quiet with the market rather
weak than otherwise. Contracts for 1004 Or
egons and Washinjjtons are quoted at 13#18c,
with hardly anything doing. According to fig
ures published by .Herman Klaber ,& Co. of
Tacoma. the ,1003 crop consisted of 17S.000
bales, as follows: California. 53,000; Oregon,
88,000; Washington. 35.000. The total stock In
dealers' and growers' hnnd<< March JV, 1004 was
83.000 bales, as follows: California. 8000; Or
egon 18,000; Washington. 7C00. The stock In
growers' hands was 275 bales California, 008
Oregon and 07 Washington, while the dealers
held 4000 'California. 10,000 Oregon end 2000
Washington. * ••
'HIDES AND SKlN9-^Culls find brands *ell
about %©lc under quotations. Heavy Salted
St-ers Oi/jc; medium. 8%c: llaht. 7«ic: Cow
• Hides. 8c for heavy and 7-riC for light; Stags,
Cc; Salted Kip. Sc; Salted Veal. 10c; Salted
Calf, lie- dry Hides. 15<S16c: dry Kip. 13c- dry
Calf, l*e: Sheepskins, shearlings, 251£20c each*
I short Wool. 40«SC5c each; medium. "OgOOc: long
Wool. $1©1 3°: Horse Hides, rait. $2 73 for
lar K e and $22= M for medium. Jl 2.-.fll ,75 for
small nnd 60c for Colts. Hors? HidtK. dry.
! $1 75 for large and $1 B0 for medium. Sl®i 03
for small and 50o for Colts. Buck Skins— D?y
Mexican. :tlc: dry Salted Mexican, 25c; dry
Central American. 31c. Gnat Skins—Prime An
goras,! 73c: large and smooth. 50c; medium
35o- small. 20e. - . "
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. t 4«®4«4e Der lb-
No. 2. 3%«74c: grease, 2%#3e.
WOOL— Spring clip — San Joaquln nnd South
ern, -12 rnonthg". 9Sllc; do 7 months'. syiOc
•^HOPS — 24®27cper '»b for California 1003
and 17M(C tar crop of 1904.
v Meat Market.
I All descriptions remain unchanged, 'though
Hogs are very firm, with light receipts.
I ;.,--., . DRESSED MEATS.
i Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: , ¦ . /
! BEEF— 7®8c for Steers and 05467c" per lb
f0 VEAL^-Large. SSSHc:' small, 8J?0Hc per lb.
j MUTTON— Wether3. 0^©10c: Ewes. S^o^o
?LAMB- Fall. 12H®13c: Spring, 1S®16c.
PORK— Drewed Hogs. 7@8VJc per lb.
. LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, leas 60
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CA-TTLE — Steers. 8®0c; Cows and Heifers
7B?c- thin Cows. ¦ 4©5c . per lb. . ..
CALVES — !©4%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 4%@5c: Ewes, 4v 4 if4»ic
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS— 5%@Cc per Ib. ; f
HOGS— Live Hogs. 140 to 200 lbs. 5t4«Gc;
over 200 lbs. 5 l &@5%c: soft Hogs. 4*465^0;
Sows. 20 Der cent, off; Boars; 50 per c;nt off.
and Stags. 40. per -cent oft from above quota
tions. •
1 ¦ y .
W:> General Merchandised .'
¦ BAGS=^-Graln Baga. 5^c spot and 5«ic June.
Hides, Talloiv, Wool and Hops.
The followlm; table gives a comparative
statement for two years of the estimated flow
of .certain California rivers in cubic feet per
second, or second feet. The figures for th-»
last year may b« revised by later measure
ments. The flg-ure» are by S. O. Bennett.
hydrographer. United States Geological Survey: /
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT RED BLUFF.
. ¦
Second Feet.
DATE.
1903. 1004.
March 13 44.200 50.800
March 14 70.240 «4.9««V
March 15 57.400 74.400
March 1* 44.200 81,480
March 17 33.740 «.
March 18 , 2!).70O 8S.04O
March 10 23.710 91.48O
"TUOLCMNE RIVER AT LA CHANGE.
Second Feet.
Vi . DATE.
1003. 1004.
March 13 l.BCO 3.40O
March 14 .1.370 3.023
March 15 2r010 3.233
March It".. «« I' 2.60O 3.140
March 17 1 2.470 . 3.370
March 18 1 2.280 «.i:ti»
March 10 | 2.260 f 8.78O
This report doe* not include water taken
but of Tuolumne River in canal of the Tur-
Iock and Modasto Irrigation districts.
KINGS RIVER AT RED MOUNTAIN.
1 _ . * I ¦ T
I Second Feet.
1903. I 1004..
1
March 13 1.100 1.30O
March 14 1.100 1.300
March 13. 1.240 1.470
March 1«. 1.170 1.374
March 17 1.310 1.4»)«
March 19 1.170 l.«3H
March 19 1.100 1 *.<K0 ;
TULE RIVER. NEAR PORTERVILLE.
Second Feet.
DATE. —
1003. 1904.
March 13.. 204 128
March 14 249 11T
March 13 240 128
March 18..... 228 144
March 17 - 22fl 144
March 18 1S2 163
March ltt. 133 lt»7
FLOW OP CALIFORNIA . MVEKS.
The feature tn Hay yesterday was the sud
den appearance of. the Government in the
market with a rush order for 1075 tons, to' be
loaded Immediately on the t transport Dlx,
which 1st scheduled to eall for Manila on the
2Sth. This Is quite a windfall for the mar
ket In Its present easy condition. Prices show
no change; •
The decline In Feedstufts continues, and
Bran Shorts and MlddllfiRs are 50c lower.
BRAN— $18010 CO ttr ton.
. MIDDLINGS— $254727 50 per ton.
SHORTS — $lS<glO 50 per ton.
FEEDflTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $24@25 por
ton;.Oilcako Meal at the mill. $20 30931:
Jobbing $32; Cocoanut Cake. S22@'.':r; Corn
Meal $20 SOijoO 60; Cracked Corn. $30@.lt;
Mixed Fred, $22023; Horso Beans, • $30®
40 per ton; Broom Corn Feed. COc per ctl.
HAY— Wheat, $K<©17: Wheat and Oat.
$14 50@10 DO; Oat, $14@16; «*arley. $iaei5-
Stock. $12 fl0@l.S>50: Alfalfa. $12 60@14 per
ton.
STRAW- -50©70c per bale.
Hav and Fecdstuffs.
The market' continues quiet and featureless.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. lO&c per lb for
heavy, lie for light medium. 13c for light.
13Hc for extra light and 15c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13Hc: California
Hams. 12%c: Mess Beef. $10 50#ll per bbl;
extra Mess. $11 60^12- Family. $12 50S13;
prime Mess Pork, $15; extra clear, $24625;
M»>*s. $18: Dry Salted Pork. 10H@lle; Pig
Pork. $27; PIES' Feet. $5; Smoked Beef 14c
per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6-%c p er i b for
cotrpound and Ot4c for pure; h I'-barrels, pure,
OMic; 10-lb tins. 10c: 5-lb u-». lOHc; 3-lb
tins. I0%c.
OOTTOLENE— One half barrel. OSgc; thrse
half Mrrels, 9»4c: one tierce. 9M.c; two tierces,
0c: five tierces. SS,c per Ib.
Provisions.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices In packages are as
follows: Graham Flour $3 25 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $3 25; Rye Meal. $3; Rice Flour,
$7; Corn Meal, $.'} 25; extra cream do, $4; Oat
Groats $4 50; Hominy HfM 25; Buckwheat
Flour, $4 5C{?4 75; Cracked Wheat, $3 75; Fa
rina $4 50- Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oats bbls. $T 23@S CO; in sacks. $0 75@S 10;
Pearl Darley $ti: Split Peas. 'boxes, $7; Green
Peas. $5 50 per 100 10s.
' FLOUR— California Family Extras, $4 80$
I 5 10, usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 70<$3;
Oregon and Washington Jobbing at $3 S5<&4 25
I per bbl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Weather Report.
<12fMh Meridian — Pacific Time.)
HAN FRANCISCO, March 24—5 r. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
.date as compared with thoaft nf the same date
last season and the rainfall in the last twen
ty-four hour*:
Ln*t This Last
Stations — 2* Hours. Fea*.-»n. Season.
R»d Bluff Tr«ce 25.70 21.19
Fa.raiwnto O.17 14.47 ¦ 13.. 1
Franctfico. .. O.38 1s.«k» ir«.<«
Frepno O.IO B.89 7. .53
Jii'J* v per.<lPnee ...Trace 2.40 2.<>i
P L. Oli'.s'w... O.24 Hill 14. .1
Lot. Angeles 0.<U 7.5.1 . II .40
Ssn Diego O.00 3.72 9-78 -
THE COAST RECORD.
¦ i 5 i i i 5
? r> <f I
STATIONS. I la Is 3§ f~* e
• n c" 2 ~ : I
: 3 3 : : T
r^ker 2^.74 34 1« FK Cloudy T. v
< 'arson 2». 7k Si> 24 W* Snow .30
t'lovrdale . . .'Jf.lW 4» 44 XW Pt.Cldy .22
Flagstaff 29. 7K S4 <x> SW Cloudy .24
Frenno 21t.9S 48 ."S N Cloudy .10
Independence .29.74 42 80 S Clcudy T.
L-.s Ansel«-..3:).«r2 B8 40 SW Pt.Cldy .01
Mt Tarr.&lj>ais.23.f>fi 4<t 31 NW Clear .GO
Nnrth Head..29.fS4 4« H4 NW Clear
Phoenix 2«.fc*-^O4 42 SW I't.Cldy ...
Pocatello 2*.«.T2 ?.tt 2S FE Cloudy T.
Portland 29. h2 4«» 34 EW Cloudy ...
Point- r^>-es..2r».!*."! 4S ?.3 XVT Clear .06
Bed Bluff T*.S>i 54 40 W Clear T.
' Rivers ide 32 . '••
Uosfburg 29.88 44 34 W Pt.Cldy .12
Facramento ..2:>.!«t M 42 W Clear .17
?a!t Lake 2>.(JS ffl 2 S Cloudy .IS
Fan nieiro 3O.«t4 S« 48 SU' Cloudy
Par Fr«nei*co.23.»7 r«i 42 W. Clear .3«
S. L. ObiEpo..2a.-<i S2 3«l W Pt.Cldy .24
Seattle 44 28 W Clear T.
Spokane 2«.»4 Sft IS N Oejr T.
TatooFh 2»S« 42 ?.« E Clear ...
Wal'.a Walla.. 2».«2 42 » N Pt.Cldy.
' WirTitn-.uccfl .23.72 34 2* NW Cloudy .02
y L '^a .2^.^ CS 46 W Clear
WF.ATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Tho Ftorni has muvfd rar»idly over the
Pfprrcs sr.a row overlie* th<» lnterm?mnt«in r«--
C*on. Snow !e falline in the mountains and
the afternoon temperature? are but little above
the freezing point. Cloudy weather prevail* in
?"alircraia. althousrh there has t>een a tem
p. rr.ry cleaxlr.jr over the northern portion of
the £tate. Tie weather continues cool in the
Fan Joa-jtin and F&rramer.to valleys and this
has elUfhtly rhfcked th*> rUe in the ri\-frs.
The to'.lwirLT maximum wind velocities are
winnomucoa. 28 miles southwest;
rtrxin. 2* fouth: Mod»>na. SO south.
Thp river condition Is BUSI pcricus in North
ern California, altho-jgrh thrre if a rro^r-ect of
a slight fall Friday. Phould. however, the
tem-^rature rise nddCBlr. critical conditions
would follow b^oE-.-fp of the large amount of
wnow in the mountains.
The folloainc rlv*>r r»-a<5inirs are reported:
Rot>ert« Island Prtflce. n»»*r Stockton. .13.O.
fallin" a fa!! of 2 inches in th» r>as>t eltrht
»iourF T Stockton Channel, falllnsr; San Joaqum
iiridre. J5.8. ralllnr: Waterford, f. fe^t, fall
in-' Coluca. 24A falllns; Marysvillp. 1C.4,
faTlir:: Sacramento. 25.4. falling: Red Bluff.
Fort-cart rnad» at Fan Francifco for thirty
hourfi. undine mldnipht. March 25:
Northern CaJifornla — Clcudy. unsettlf-l
w^athpr Frirtay. probably showers; slightly
»prnv>r; frf«>- southwefit v.inds.
Southern California — Cloudy. unsettled
weather Friiay, probably showers; brisk touth
* N>vada-Fnow Friday: bri ? k to high west
W1 Fan Frand?^ 8 b<J vicinity— Cloudy, un^t
tled •¦?sther Friday, probably showers; fresh
we * tftrIj A Wi G flS McADIE. District Forecaster.
CHICAGO. March 24. — Even before the pre- |
dictions of the co!d wave the wheat pit was
generally' bullish on receipt of continued com
plaints from many sections regarding the un
promicing appearance of the growing crop.
Spurred on . by firm Liverpool cables, there
was an active general demand at the start.
Initial quotation* on July were lower to V t c
higher, at 83H®8Uc. Influenced by the poor
crop prospects ehorts covered quite freely early 1
in the session. As offerings were light, prices <
steadily advanced. While quotations were i
climbing upward the Weather Bureau pre
dicted a cold wave throughout the West and
Southwest. This announcement instilled
greater energy into the buying movement, i'on- I
siderable damage being feared from the sud- I
den change of temperature In the winter !
wheat belt. An urgent demand for cash wheat '
became an iniuortaxit factor In speculative j
trading-. At S7%c for July there wan much !
profit-taking, and the market suffered some
reaction from the higher point. The demand,
however, continued good, and the close was
strong, with July aft 87c. May cloned at 04c,
after ranirlng between 02c and 04%c.
With the help of strength in wheat the corn
market resisted the efforts of th? bears to
break prices. The close was firm, with May
at 52&c and Julv at 4!)%ift40^,c.
Oat» were rather heavy, despite the advance
In wheat. The close was Bteady- with May
at 3S%«33%c and. July at 37%!f#7&c.
-\ Provisions held firm throughout the entire
session, with offrrlngs only moderate. July
pork closed 7%@10c higher, lard was up 5c and
rlba 7 14$ 10c higher. >
The leading futures ranged as follows-
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 —
May 93 04% 02 94 " I
July, old 8fl% 88% 8(1% S8 j
July, new 8« 87% 85H 87 !
September, old. 82% . S3% „, &2U W. 1
September, new 81 62% 60 '4 82 W
Corn No. 2— . . ' .
May 52 52% 51% 52%
July 4i»% 40ft 40% 4»£
September 48T4 49J4 48% 40
Oats No. 2 — j
May 3IM4 3014 38% .TflviJ
July 37T<, 38% . 37'i, 37<Q! ! '
September 31% 31% 31% srK '
Mess Pork, per bbl — 1
May 12 07% 13 10 12 95 13 02Vi '
July Vt 20 13 30 13 15 13 22Vj '
Lard, wr 100 lbs— I * !
May « 1*5 tOO 0 02% fl 07U ¦
July 7 07% 7 12% 7 07% 7 10-
Short Ribs. i>cr 100 lbs —
May (i SO' 0 85 6 77% 0 85 '
July j 0 02% 7 CO 6 02% 7 00
•Cash Grain and provisions.
1 -' '• " ! '
CHICAGO, March 24. — Canh quotations were
as follow*: Flour, quiet; No. 3 spring Wheat.
85®0"c; No. 2 red. 02JfOO%c; NO. 2 corn. 60%e-
No. 2 yellow. 61%c: No. 2 oats. 38@38%c; No
3 white, 30@41%c; No. 2 rye, C8c; good feeding
barley, 38@30c; fair to choice maltlne, 43O
&5e; No. 1 fltfxseed, $1 0S%; No. 1 Northwest
ern, ?1 15; timothy seed. $2 80; mees
pork, per bh!. ?13e-13 12%; lard, per 100 lbs,
$0 8«f{0 S2',4; short ribs sides (loose), $0 «l2y
gC 75; short clear sides (boxed); '$7 25Q7 S7tt"
whisky, basis of high wines, $1 28.
Articles — Receipts.. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 44,000 r.8,400
Wheat, bushels 32,000 •¦ ' .VJ.700
Corn, bushels .,..108,700 128,300
Oats, bushels '. .313,700 2.">4,COO
Rye. bushels 4,000 14,500
Barley, bushels 72,000 43,500
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
CHICAGO, -March 24.— Otr the Produce Ex
chanze to-day the butter market was firm
creameries. 14024c; dairies. 12%fi21c; eggs
firm, ldfflCVic: Cheese, easy, 10%®llc
Livestock Market.
CHICAGO".
CHICAGO, March 24.— CATTLE— Receipts
750OJ strong; good to prime steers, $3 20©5 75
poor to medium. $3 00©5 00; stockers and
feeders, $2 50#4 30} cows. $1 75©4 40; heifera
$2 25^4 76{ canners, $1 75® 2 CO; bulls, $2 1£5
64 10; calves, $3@G 25; Texas fed steers $ia
$4 75. • . .
.HOGS— Receipts to-day, 17,000; to-morrow
20,000; 5©10c higher: mixed and butchers
$5 33#3 &0; good to Choice heavy, $5 40^5 30
rough heavy, $5 2505 40; . light, $5 10^3 40;
bulk of sales. $5 l. r »«5 45. .
, BHEEP— Receipts, 13,000; sheep, strong
lambs, steady; good to choice wethers, $4 23.
@5 23; fair to choice mixed, $3 50@4 50; West
ern sheep. $3 75«J3 25; native lambs, $4 50©
5 75; Western lambs, $4 50@5 00.' ,
Future Grain and Provisions.
THURSDAY. March 24—2 p. m
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup.. 108 108% 4s qr cp new — 133%
4s qr reg..lO7 107%|3s qr. coup. .106%100%
-MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala AW 5s. — — |Cak T. Co Cs.llO»i —
Bay CPC Os.100%102%' Do 3s .....111 —
Cal C G 5s. — 1O4V4 Do con 6a. — 102%
Cal G & E g I Oceanic S Cs. — 75
m & «t 3s. — 89"* Om Cable 6s.l23S' —
Cal-st C 5s.ll6%117«<;!Pac O Im 4s. — .99
C C Wat 5s. — lOOU'P E Ry Ss.103%100
Ed L & P 6s. 125 131 P & C H Cs.104 105
F & C H Gs.114% — P & O R e».U6 —'
Gearv-3t 3s.. 45% 00 Powell-st 6S. -^' — •
H C&S 5%s.lO4 — Sac EO*R3s. 90%100
Do 5s .... m 1C0U SF ft 8JV.i9.11.S%119
Hon R T C«.106U -r- Sierra A 6s. 112% —
L A Elec C». — 105 S P Of A 8s
L A Ry 5s.. 113 114 (1909) — . .-r-. .
L A L Co 6s — — (101p> — 100%
Do gtd 6s. — — 8 P of C «s - . - ,
Do gtd 5s.iai% — (10C5)Sr A.104S105
LAP lem 33.101% — rt005)Sr B.106U -•
Mkt-st C «s.H6 — (100C) ...:.107% —
-Do lem 5s. — 113% (1012) ,.....— 118%
MV& MtT5s.lO4 — |SPC 1 eg 5s. 115 110
NRR of C6s.10C.%1C8 | Do stmp«i.-.10» • ¦-»- •
Do 5s ....US%110';iiS P B R 69.134 —
N P C R Ss.103 — 3 V Wat e».104%10J%
V C Ry 5s.. — — Do 4s 2dm. 99 —
N C P C 5s. OS 102% Do 4» 3dm. — Ofl
N S R R 5s. OS — Stkn G*E6s. — —
O G L&H Ks.lOS — V G tc E Ss. — 106
O W gtd 5s..— — i •
WATER STOCKS.-
Contra Costa 57 3!) |Port Costa .. — «—
Marln Co... — 62«4|S V Wat Co. 38t, 39U
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. — 3H1S F G A E. 59% CO
Mutual E L. SVl 0% I Stkn G & E. 3 —
Pac L Co... 65% — (U G & Co. 29 32
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
F* Q A E . _ I
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd.310 — 1
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl'Bk. — 125 |L PA A. ...132% —
Anglo-Cal .. — 00 Mer Trust.... — 223
Bank of Cal.420 — Merch Ex.... — —
.Cal Safe Dp. — 150 S F Nattonl. — —
First Natlonl — — - |
SAVINGS BANKS. ""
Ger S & L- — 2300 ISav A L So. — 100
Hum S & L. — — |Sec Sav Bk. — 450
Mutual Say. 100 ' — Union T.Co.. — —
S F Bar U.C25 — j . • • -
STREET RAILROADS. '
California .. — 200 | Presidio •.....)— il
Geary — 80 |
POWDER.
G^nt — Cl%|Vlgorlt 4%- .4%
SUGAR.
; Hana P Co. — 50c iKilauea S C. 3 3»i
Hawaiian Cs 4S% 50 IMakawell C 20% 21%
Honokaa SC 12% 13%IOnomca S C. 24 27%
Hutch SP C 8% 0 [Paauhau S C. 13^ 14%
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A. 140% — (Oceanic S Col — 5
Cal F C A. 06% — IPac Aux FA. 3% —
Cal Wine A. 01 02 [Pac C Borx.187 IBS
MV& MtTm.lCO — | .
Morning Session. ¦
5 California Wine Association... 91 3O
. 3d Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 49 00
25 Honokaa S Co 12 «2%
Street— .
23 Bank of California..........: .427 SO
$10,000 S P Cal 1st con 5s (stamped).. 103 23
Afternoon ' Session.
Beard —
10 California Wine Association.., 01 SO
IB Contra Costa Water i 38 00
70 HutchlflBon S P Co. '..".... 8 75
/ 3 Mutual Electric Light... ....:.' S 50 "
30 B F Gas it Electric... 59 30
60 Spring Valley Water Co 30 CO
$5,000 Cal Gas & El Gen M & C T 5s. 88 00
$0,400 United Stales 3s (coupon)..... IM 37%
Street— « - - '¦
15 B F Gas & Electric, cash.... 30 75
$2,000 L A P R R,lst con 3«.. 102 00
$2,000 Northern Ry of Cal 5 per cent. 1 IS 00
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask.! Bld.Ask.
Bay CPC 6s. 00 — IS P C R 4s. — 100
B L Wat 6S.10O IS P,Co 4%s. 98 00
Cal NW 5s.lll% — I Sun Tel 6«..113 —
RJs I Wks5s. — 107%l Do 5s .....102% —
SF Drdk 5s. — 113%ISuttr-st R5s.lO5 .113
SF & Nl T&AUW— IUR Of 8P 4s. 80%A
\ MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co... 23 25tflMat Nav" Co. 60 89
Cal Cot Mils. — 05 (Nev Nat Bk.lS3 2C5
C Jockey Cl. 09 120 |N, S R R.. 0^ —
Cal Powder. 120 150 |X Cal P Co. 10% —
Cal Ship Co. 15 30 |Oak Bk Sav. 112%
Cal T I & T. — 133 jOak T Con.. 75 —
Cen Bk Oak 63% — IOOF Hall A., « .'. —
Chutes Co.. «% 7 Orpheum Co.. 12 le
City A C Bk. — 112 Pae S . Tel.. 100% —
East Dynm. 130 _ 250 Paraf Paint.. "M — "
DpntPwd pfd CO ¦— S-F Drydock- 60 -i.
Do com ..4O — SF&SJ Coal. 20 —
FN Bk. Oak.120 — S J Wat- Co. — 10a
Fipcher Thtr 1% 1%|SO & MTgbt — ies
.Fnich-A Bk.103 110 jSwlss-A - Bk.113
Gas Con A. 10% 21 UR I nC pfd. 44
Hono P Co. 12% 13% Do Com .. 0 —
Lon& SF Bk. — CO
Morning Session.
- Board — ¦ " ; ¦•*'.; .
$1,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent.. 80 25
$0,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent.. 80 12%
: ' Afternoon Session. •
Street— . '.V ;
$9. COO United R R of S F 4 per cent.. 80 23
STOCK AND BOXD EXCHANGE.
X . ! ¦ ¦>
The leading features of this market con
tinue the unsettled condition of Raisins, due
to the fractional differences at Fresno, the
weakness in Prunes and Honey and the very
fair demand for Peaches.' All prices remain
unchanged. *
FRUU 1 — Apricots. 8V4@10%c for Royals and
0@12c for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, iViH
tic; sun-dried, -3&4%c; Peaches, 3@7%c; Pears,
Sgll'/se; Nectarines, nominal; Fig«, white,
3'y lc in boxes; black. 4%c; Plums, pitted.
S@8c per lb.
PRUNES— 1903 crop. 2%®2%c for the four
sizes. ... ¦ .'
. RAISINS — The Association quotes the follow
ing prices: Standard grades, 50-lb cases — '£•
crown Loose Muscatels, 51ic , per lb;
3-crown, 6%c; 4-crown. 6%c; Seedless Loose
Murcatels, 4Vic; Seedless floated, 4%c; 2-crown
Malaga' loose. 5c: 3-crown Malaga loose, 5%c:
SecdleFg Sultanas, unbleached. 4%c; Seedless
Thompsons, unbleached. 6%c. Layers, per 20
1b box — U-crown Imperial clusters. $:•; 5-crown
Dohesa clusters. $2 60; 4-crown fancy clusters.
$2; 3-crown London Layers, $1 35; 2-crown
London Layers. $1 25; usual advance for frac
tional boxes and layers. Seeded— Fancy 16-o«
cartons, per lb, 7%c; lancy 12-o* cartons, per
package, «%c; fancy bulk cartons, per lb, 7%c;
choice 16-cx cartons, per lb. 7%c; choice 12-oz
cartons, per package. 6%c; choice bulk car
tons. t>er lb. 7Uc: I6-01 cartons, seeded Seed
lings. Muscatels, per lb, 7c; 12-oz cartons,
seeded Seedlings, Muscatels, per Ita, 5%c; bulk,
seeded Seedlings, Muscatels; per lb, «%c.
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 13%iS14c;
No. 2. ll%@12c: No. 1 hardshell, 13ffil3%c;
No. 2. 11(3 11 Vic: Almonds. ll%c for Nonpa
reils, ll%c for IX L, lie for Ne Plus Ultra
and 0%e for Languedoc; Peanuts. 6«J7e for
Eastern: Pecans. U@t:ic: Cocoanuts. $4 5C2?5.
HONEY— Comb. 10©ll%c for white and S%
<8»%c for amber: water white extracted 5©
6V»c; light amber extracted. 4%©4%c; dark.
3>A@'42.
BEESWAX— 27020c per lb.
Dried Fruits,Nuts,Raisins t Honcy.
NEW YORK, March 24.— Tin was a little
easier in foreign and local markets to-day.
In London there was a decline of 12s 6d to
£129 10s for spot and of 10b to £120 10s for
futures. Locally the market was about 0
points lower, closing at $2S 75@20 12%.
Copper was firmer In London, spot being un
changed at £58. but futures were 2s 6d higher
at £57 15s. Locally prices were a shade
higher, with lake at $12 67%@13. electrolytic
$12 75612 t>7% and casting at $12 62%@12 75.
Lead advanced Is 3d to £12 6s 3d In Lon
don, but was unchanged here at. 4.65c.
Spelter advanced 2s i«l in London to £22>
and was firm and unchanged . at $5 051/3 13
locally.
Iron closed at' 52s 3d In Glasgow and at 43i
9d In Middlesboro. Locally iron is unchanged.
No. 1 foundry Northern, $15®15 50; No. 2
foundry Northern. $14 50@15: No. 1 foundry
Southern and No. 1 foundry Southern soft,
$14@14 50.
Chicago Board of Trade.
i New York Metal Market.
The feature on the OH Exchange was the
activity In OU City Petroleum at iOfi l.".c.
against 3Sc bid at the ' close on Wednesday.
The other oil stocks stood about the same,
with *a!es of Twenty-eight at :$«. '
The mining storks were hlgHer, with Ophlr
selling up to $5 87%. Con. Cal. and Va. to $2,
Mexican to $7 20. Union to 02c, .and so on.
There was a rumor that the Ophlr would de
clare another 25c dividend along toward the
end of the month. The company has received
$11,455 from the sale of four more railroad cars
of ore, and there are four more in process . of
sale.
The Crown Point Mining Company has levied
an assessment of 10c. • • - - - ¦' ...
The Oustom*h mine at Grass Valley has de
clared its first dividend of 3 cents per share,
amounting to $12,500, on the 250.000 shares of
capital stock. .. «
The Altec Oil Company ha* declared a divi
dend, of 2e per share, amounting to $4700. pay
able March 25.
There rrai rather more doing on the local
exchanges, and on the Stock and Bond^ Ex
change there was a further advance In Ha
waiian Commercial to $40. while California
Wine was firmer at *91 30. Spring Valley
Water was lower at ?-U* and Mutual Electric
at $8 50. Hank of California sold at $127 30,
an advance.
Rather More Animation on "the
I^ocal Exchanges.
¦ Trading in the fruit market was .dull and
listless, particularly In the Orange depart
ment, and Urge lines of Navels, were, ottered
at liberal concessions, but to no avail, as the
unsettled suite of the weather discouraged
local buyers and all orders for shipping were
filled. A large portion of the receipts are
showing evidences of decay and offerings of
choice and fancy grades have to be carefully
repacked. The managers of the auction com
pany announced that rive cars would be offered
at to-day's sale. The other Citrus fruits were
unchanged and featureless.
The situation In Apples was unchanged,
trade being quiet and supplies plentiful.
APPLES — Si 7502. per box for extra fancy,
91 25fj I 50 for ordinary fancy, 85c@$l tor
choice and 35ijU5c for common.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel • Oranges. $1@2
per box for fancy and 50ctf?$l 25 for standard
to choice; Tangerines, 75cQ$J 2u per box:
Lf mon.-, $1 75®2 50 for fnney. $1 25(&1 50 for,
choice and 75c@(l for standard: Grap° Fruit.
$1 25@2 50: Mexican Limes. $3@5 50 per case;
Bananas, *l@'Z per bunch for Hawaiian and
$1 SO3{2.25 for Central American; Pineapples,
$253 50 per dozen.
Deciduous, and Citrus Fruits.
STOCK MARKET.
Cables yofterdcy reported Russian bonds IJ
lower and .lai<aneM bonds % lower. Other
wise there »as nothing new from the Euro
pean bourse*. The Bank cf Enpfcnd rate re
mained unchanged. The governing commit
tf* of the KM* Vork Stock Exchange has d_e
cMe4 to close on Good Friday, April 1. but
has refused to agrre to the request of mem
bers for a double holiday and the exchange
tri'.l be open on Saturday, April 2.
Russian and Japanese Bonds.
to the lowest at the closing, which wa« weak.
Th« bond market vti Irregular. Total sale*.,
$1.'J1O.COO.
United States 2s coui*m advanced. % per
cent en call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchieon 7.400 70% *» t»H
Atchison pfd 600 00% 80% Si»V4
lialtimore A Ohio .. 13,400 80% 78% 78%
Baltimore & O pfd KS^
Canadian Pacific .. 2,800 115% 114^ 114H
Central of N J 15t5
Chesapeake & O... 800 32 31 3Hi
Chicago & Alton... 400 3SU 37% 37%
Chicago & A pfd. 100 SO 80 80
Chicago & G W ... 1.100 15% 15% 15>i
Chicago & N W .. 1.200 170H lt»Hi 1«»
I Chi. M & St Paul. 34,400 143% 110^4 140l£
Chi. M & St P pfd 171
Chicapo T & T 9^4
Chi T & T pfd 100 20 20 19>i
C C C & St Louis 74
Colr-rado Southern . 1,000 17U 17% 17
Colorado So 1st pfd 54
Colo So 2<1 pfd 300 25 £4 2.1 Vi
n»laware & Hud... 400 151 l.V)% 150Vi
Del. Lark & "West. 200 267% 265 205
Denver & Rio G 20V&
Denver & R G pfd 16!)
Erie 38.30O 27% 2fi% W*
Erie 1st pfd 1,300 65 64 63%
Erie 2<i pfd 1.600 43% 42 41%
Hocking Valley 74
Hocking Val pfd... 8,200 81 . 81H; SI .
IIHnoi* Central ... BOO 129% 128H 128%
Iowa Central l.X> l&Vi 10',4 'l»
Iowa Central pfd... l<>0 34 Vj "4i4 34
Kansas City So .100 21 20 10%
Kansas City So pfd 100 3«Vi 3<M4 35%
Louisville & Nash.. 3.s<W 107 105 '4 105
Manhattan L > 1,300 1«H 142% 142
•Metropolitan Secur. 1,200 80^j 79^ 77H'
Metro;;ol St Ry 5.100 112Vi 110 110
Mineap & rit Louis 53
I M. FtP & S S M... 70S G3 62>4 62%
I M. HV & SS M pfd 123
Missouri Pacific ... 17,00ft 02% OO JM)%
Mo. K & Tex 200 18 IS 17 «*
Mo, K & T pfd .. 300 3914 3S% 38Vi
Nationl of Mex pfd 100 37Vi 37"^ 37
N I Central 1.C00 118 116^ 116%
Norfolk & WeFtcrn 1,200 59 C7% 57%
Norfolk & W pfd S3
Northern Securities 09 M
Ontario & Western ti.'MtO ' 21% 21% 21 Vi
Pennsylvania 49.500 11S"4 117 117
Pittsbp. CC & St L. i 55
Reading 17.S0O 43U 43% 43%
Reading 1st pfd .., ¦ .... .... 78
Reading 2d pfd .. 200 CO 60 5S
Rook Island Co.... 14.100 23 U 22 22
Rock Island Co pfd 1,500 €2% 62 62^
St. L & S F 2d pfd. 500 45% 44H 43%
St Louis S W 200 14^ 14H 13^
St Louis S V pfd.. 100 34 33
Southern Pacific .. £7.<>00 4I»% 48 48
Southern Railway . 2.«<V) 22>4 21% 21U
Southern R>- prd... 2, COO 80%' 85 85
Texas & Pacific .. 400 24 23 4 23^,
Tol, St. L & West. 100 25# 25^ 24%
Tol. gt L & W pfd 100 30 36 35'A
Union Pacific 77.100 R2\4 80 S0$
Union Pacific pfd.. x l.«i0 02^ 90 00V4
Waba?h 4'JO 10 10 18%
Wabaeh. pfd 1,500 37i» 3014 3«
Wheel & Lake E... 100 16 16 15«4
WIscniFln (en 100 18% 18% l«Vi
Wi s C*Dt pfi 41H
Express Companies^ —
Adams 222
American 100
United States 103
WellF-Fargo 205
Miscellaneous —
Atnal Copper 85.500 W>t4 48H 48»/4
Amer Car & Foun 300 2OV4 20«,i 20
Amer C & F pfd . 500 71% 71% 71
Amer Cotton Oil 2»V5
Amer Cot Oil pfd 88
American Ice 1,200 6% 6^, QVt
Amer Ice pfd 1,000 2r.«4 24% 24%
Amer Linseed Oil . 100 8% S»i 8H
Amer Lin Oil pfd 28%
Amer Locomotive.. 900 22% 21% 21%
Amer Loco pfd 81%
Amer Smelt & Rtg 1.500 49% 48% 4S%
Amer S & R pfd. 300 M 00% 01%
Amer Sugar Rfg . 10.500 127% 125% 123
Anaconda Min Co. 800 68 66 63
Brooklyn Rapid Tr 40,500 44% 43 4i
Colo Fuel & Iron. 300 2S% 27% 27%
Consolidated Gas . 1,600 200% 188 198
Corn Products 13%
Corn Products pfd 70
Distillers Securities 700 24% 24 23%
General Electric 165
Inter Paper .... 11
Inter Paper pfd ... 300 «5 64% 64%
Inter Pump 200 3."» 33 34
Inter Pump pfd 74
National Lead 100 15 15 15
North American .. . 200 S4% 84 84%
Pacific Mail 27%
Peopled Gas 2,000 07% 0<JU 90%
Prf-i«sed Steel Car 20%
Pressed S C pM.. 300 70 80% «0%
Pullman Pal Car 200
Republic Steel 7%
Republic Steel pfd 42%
Rubber Goods ioii
Rubber Goods pfd 76%
Tenn Coal & Iron. R00 Xl% SHV. s,s'
U S Leather 400 7% 7 7
V S Leather pfd. 500 78% 78 - 78
U R Realty , ' 0%
V S Realty pfd .. 1,100 52% 40% 40%
U S Rubber 100 13 IS 12%
U S Rubber pfd . . ftf
U S Steel 2,W»0 11% 11% 1UJ
IJ 6 Steel pfd 39.000 58% &"% 37*4
We?tinghouse Elec 400 JC2 1C2 101%
Western Union -.... •.... 88%
Total fales .'..030,000 eharea>
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK, March 24. — Bond transactions
United Railroads of Pan Francisco, 1345 at
?79 75. 2T»5 at *70 87 V 2 .
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY. '
Common, bid 4%, asked 4%; preferred bid
36%. asked 37%.
NEW YOP.K BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg..lO5>£ L & N unified 4s. 08%
Do coupon 105% Man con gold 4s 104
Do 3s reg KWMIMex Cent 4s 64 I
Do coupon 106% i Do 1st lnc .... 13»J
Do new 4s reg.132% Minn & St L 4s. 95%
Do coupon 132% M. K & Tex 4a... OST'
Do old 4s reg..lO7 Do 2ds .. . 77T4
Do coupon 108 JNR of Mex con 4s. 73
Atch gen 4s 101%|N Y C gen 3%s.. 07%
Do adj 4s 88% N J C gen 5s.. ..128%
Atlantic C L 4s. 02 |Nor Pac 4s lOMtJ
Bal & Ohio 4s... 102 Do 3s 71%
Do3%s, 94 I Nor & W con 4s OSU
Central of Ga 5s.l00^|OSL 4s & partlc 91H
Do 1st lnc .... 60 fp a conv 3%s... Ofl
Ches & Ohio 4%s.l01 Reading gen 4b... 9«u
Chi & Alton 3%s. 77 SL & I M con 5s 114
C. B & Q new 4a. «3% S L & S F fg 4s' 81
CM & SP gn 4s.lO7 st Louis SW ists' 04M
C & NW con 7S..129M, Seaboard A L 4s' 06
C R I & Pac 4s. 60% So Pacific 4s....' 8S1
Do col r»s 78%|So Railway 5s. ...113
C.C.C & SL Kit 48.100 I Tex & Pac Ists.. 110
Chi Term" 4s 1 80 |T St L & W 4s. 60%
Cons Tobacco 4s.. 58%i Union Pacific 4s. 103«?
Colo t So 4s.... 86 Do conv 4s rtiu
Colo Fuel & I... €8 US Steel 2d 5s.! 74V4
Den & Rio G 4s. flS Wabash Ists us*
Erie prior Hen 4s. fl7% Do deb B ' COU
Do een 4s 85% W & L.Erie 4s.. $G»A
F W & D C lsts.103 WIs Cent 4s.... . 89%
; Hock Val 4%s..lO3'.4l . . ¦ %
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS. '*''
Adams Con ..... 101 Little ' Chief .... 06
Alice lfilOntarlo ........' 4 no
Breece 101 Ophlr .-.. 4 75
Bruca Con 03| Phoenix o«
Com Tunnel OOjPotosl ............ sit
Con Ca! & Va... 1 70' Savage ei
Horn Silver 1 2n)sierra Nev......;. c*
Iron Silver 1 CO! Small Hopes 15
Leadvllle Con ... 02!Standard 2 53
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money— JU S Steel...... .';? 11 -
Call loans 2%e3%| Do pfd B7i,
California Stock & Oil Exchange.
Oil Stocks — Bid. Asked.
Alma ". 1 5O
Apollo 48
Associated Trust Cert 20 ....
Aztec 80
California Standard , 20
Caribou 2 05 2 50'
Central Point Con «3 ....
Chicago Crude 21
Clarempnt «to , ....
Four " 66 tO
Fulton , 1 CO ....
Giant 19 ....
Hanford 165 CO 175 00
Home 1 60 1 63
Imperial IS 0O
Independence . IS 19
Junction 15
Kern 5 12V» ' S 23
Kern, River » 13 OU
Lion ot .....
Monarch of Arizona 41 ....
Monte Cristo .• 75 SO
Occidental of W Va vJ3-_ ....
OU City . Petroleum ......... 4O 42
Reed 'Crude 1 4O 145
Senator S3
Sovereign 43
Sterling 2 50 2 75
Superior .*.... 0M ....
Thirty-thr«« 8 CO 7 50
TOltec 19
Twenty-eight 6 0»» 6 *«>
West Shore 2 5<»
Associated Bonds 774 &O
. Miscellaneous —
Ab>.y Land & Improvement 1 40
Fischer's Theater 1 23 ....
Northern Cal Power 10 12H .... '
SALES. :,:;
Morning Session.
SCO Home 1 57>£
100 Home •%... 1 «O
i 150 Monarch 40
100 Sterling, b 10 2 83
10O Twenty-eight Oil « 00
1000 Associated 21
1400 Oil City Petroleum 45
600 011 City Petroleum 4«
200 Oil City Petroleum 44 ¦
i 1100 Oil City Petroleum 4.*
200 OH City Petroleum 42
200 011 City Petroleum 41
100 Oil City Petroleum ¦»<>
900 Claremout W-
Afternoon Session.
6CO Home l'*>
ICO OU City Petroleum 42,
10<H» Oil City Petroleum 41
2700 Oil City Petroleum 4O
Mining Stocks.
8AN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 And*s ,. 49| 25 Ophir 5 <*»
200 Belcher 281 200 Overman 2&
"200 Belcher 20| SCO Savage <W
; 700 Chollar 21| 400 Savage 69
60O Con C & Va.l SSI 500 Scorpion «S
10O Crown Point. 20! WO Sierra Nev . . «7
50O Mexican 2 CO| 3«O Sierra Nev .. 6.1
100 Occidental ... S7| 2<X> Union Con . . M
150 Ophir . 5 12HI 500 Yellow Jacket 38
3C0 Ophlr » 23i
Afternoon Session.
100 Andes 5O| 350 Ophir 5 50
ICO Andes 49 100 Ophir S 62V,
200 Caledonia ...130| 10O Ophlr 5 73
200 Chollar 21 1 100 Potoat 27
ISO Con C A Va.1 9O| 100 Savage 7O
. 50 Con C * Va.i 05i 100 Savage 60
i 500 Con N Y .... 03| 200 Scorpion CS
000 Exchequer ... 17 SCO Sierra Nev .. 70
; 500 Mexican 2 10 730 Union Can .. 00
100 Mexican 2 13 10O Union Con .. S3
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Belcher 2S| 200 Ophir 5 23
! 200 Relcher ...... 2fl 100 Potosi 23
I 2tX> Belcher . 30| 300 Savage ...... 63
JCO Caledonia .122^1 5«0 Seg Belcher.. 10
ICO Caledonia ...123 200 Sierra Nev .. 67
' 100 Chollar 221 20O Silver H1U . . «0
100 Con C A Va.l 831 log Union Con .. «4
BOO Crown Point. S»t 100 Union Con .. "«*
20O Gould & Cur. 4fi| 10«> Union Con .. "W
100 Gould & Cur. 47! 200 Utah 20
100 Mexican 2 OOJ 20O Yellow Jacket 37
Afternoon Session.
300 Belcher ...... 20', 2M Beg Belcher .. 10
100 Caledonia .1 2741 500 Sierra Nev .. 70
100 Con C * Va.l 95 300 Stiver HUt .. «0
j 500 Exchequer . . 17 20O Union Con . . TO
20O Mexican .2 10 30O Union Con .. »O
200 Mexican 2 13 20O Utah -^ 21
16O Ophlr 8 87% 200 Yellow Jacket SO
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE. p
Followlng were the salea on the San Fran
, Cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
1000 Ton Midway. 3«(
Afternoon Session.
10CO Paymaster . . 12| 30O Ton Midway. . 33
i 100 Ton Exten .. 71| 330 Ton N Star.. 23
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
« THURSDAY. March 24—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask.! Bid. Ask.
Alnha 08 08JJustice «t 03
' Alta 07 OSIKentuck 02 03
Andes ....... 40 50JKeyes Graes.. 33 —
' Belcher 2S 2»i Lady Wash .. — "»
, Best A Belch.2 43 2 troi Mexican ... v . .2 10 : /,
1 Bullion CO 10! Occidental .... 88 "Uo
Caledonia ...1 23 1 3rt|Ophlr ft 62^ 3 T3
Challenge Con £2 33 Overman .... 29 30
Chollar 21 221 Potosi 27 2ft
Confidence ...1 00 1 10) Scorpion OS CO
Con C tk. Va.l 05 2 C07SaTage t« CO
Con Imperial. 02 031 Seg Belcher ..10 II
Con NY 02 C31 Sierra Nev .. 71 72
Crown Point. 18 20) Silver H1U .. 50 «>
East Sierra N • 03 — tPt Louis .... 1O «
Eureka Con.. 3D — | Syndicate .... 04 03
Exchequer .. 17 lSJUntan Con ..90 s»l
Gould & Cur. 47 4Sjutah 20 22
Hale & Norc. 83 90* Yellow Jacket 35 37
Julia 03 04)
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Esperanza ... — 01 1 Ton Relmont. . 53 8R
I Gipsy Queen. — 30; Ton * Cal .. — 2O
' GoM Anchor. 12 —I Ton Exten .. — 7O
MacNamara . 1!> 221 Ton cf Nev..« 50 6 T5
Mont Ton..l 23 1 27^|Ton N Star.. 2S 20
Paymaster .. — 10' Ton Midway.. 34 *»
; Ray Exten .. — 13| Ton Superior. — 11
' Ray Ton — < 1.1) United Ton ..13 IS
Rar A OBrlen — K>|West End .. — 2O
Rescue 07 08i
Open. Hlsh. Low. Close.
May $1 11. . $1 11>, $1 11 II UH
December ... 1 01 1 01 1 01 1 01
OATS— Rather more activity was reported
yesterday and ft sale of- 1000 -sacks of Red * at
$1 30 was reported. The feeling continues
firm. ¦ . » ' *
White $1 27'4fil -'U'i; Black, $1 25@1 55;
Red. $1 25@1 85:, Gray, $1 32'^ per ctl.
CORN— Dealers quoted a firmly held market
yesterday, with nothing new in the situation.
Western sacked. $1 a7& for Yellow. $1 35
for White and $1 27>A®1 30 for Mixed; Cali
fornia large yellow . $1 40^1 45; email round
do. $1 60(ffl 65: White. $1 40@l 45 per ctl:
Egyptian. $1 45@1 00 for white and $1 27«4©
1 30 for brown.
KYE— $1 30®l 32«,4 per cU.
BUCKWHEAT— $1 75©2 per cU.
Open. High. ' Low". Close.
May $111 $1 HH $111- $111%
December ... 1 00% 1 00% 1 00% 1 00%
2 p. m. Session. ¦
Session 9 to 11:30 a.m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May $141 $141 $141 $144.
December ... 1 34% 1 34% 1 34ft 1 3,1%
2 p. m. Session. - v - " ¦
Open. Hlg% . ' Low. XI tf*e.
May $141% $1 41% $1 41% $141%
December— $1 30% bid. .-¦,¦.. .'::.¦'/.
BARLEY— The air was full of resorts and
rumors of large foreign Inquiries again yes
terday. ,How many of them are. bona tide re
mains to be fcecn. There was a definite sale
of 1500 sacks to; arrive at:$l 15. and another
transaction, also said tolmvp ton actually
closed, wa* * sale .of 3000 J tons', for export* to
Japan. The latter was done during the fore
noon. Otter reports, not confirmed, however,
but wlilch excited a good deal of inquiry and
guessing, were that England was In the mar
ket for 12,000 tons and that Russia had sent
requests for quota tjopa. on /«0CO tons. Of
course such reports as these naturally tend to
harden the market and strengthen the views
of holders, so the situation is very firm again
in spite of the weakening influence of the
ralni». and both casffvgraln and futures were
higher.
CA*H BARLEY.
Feed. $1 13% (gl 15; Shipping and Brewing.
$1 UViSl 20; Chevalier. $1 1501 25 for fair
to choice. ; *
FUTURES.
Session 0 to 11:30 a. m.
California Club, $1 42V6Q1 47H; California
White Australian, $1 52V*®1 60: Northern
Club. $1 rJMHH 45; Northern Blutstem, $1 32V4
©1 57% per ctl. <
FUTURES.
' WHEAT— News continues ecarce. It Is not
often that this great market continues so quiet
and featureless everywhere" as -It has been , for,
weeks pa«t. There Is. however, nothing ¦ to
cause any commotion, as the supply all over
the world IS plentiful; Chicago is doing some
daily fluctuating, but It Is wholly due to local
manipulation. The Cincinnati Price Current
says that th* past week has been favorable
and that crop prospects in -the Southwest are
Improving. The outlook in the Ohio Valley Is
u n prom i sine, however, and Indiana and Illinois
are sending- in. crop damage reports. '• '-.
Thin market Is steady and well held, but
the millers arfe now well" supplied for the time
b*lng and are not buying j as freely as for
some time past. Futures were higher yes
terday.
CASH WHEAT.
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Receipts, 55..600 bushels.. Spot/
firm. No. 2 red, $106 f. o. b. afloat; s No. 1
Northern Duliith, (1 05 t. o. b. afloat. Options
opened steady on .fine weather West,- and I
quickly rallied on predictions of a cold wave. I
Bulls dominated the market all day, which]
closed l%f?l%c net higher. May closed at I
97c. July closed at 02 0-16c, September closed
at toUc • ;;
HOPS— Easy. . ¦ / . -.•'.¦-. .
HIDES— Steady. •¦. - ¦¦ .¦¦
PETROLEUM— Steady.
WOOL— Steady. ' '
COFFEE — Spot Rio. steady. No. 7 invoice,
ii* 4 c. Mild, steady. Futures closed .firm, ."iff 10
points higher. Salet>. 60.500 bags, including: .¦
April. 5.40c; May, 5.5O@5.t5Oc; July. 5.7&3D.80C; ¦
August. 5.00c; December. 6.25^8.35c. " '¦
SUGAR— Raw, firm. Refined, steady. j
' DRIED FRUITS. -' :
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market Is !
meeting with a good demand and . the ruling
tone Is firm. Common are quoted at 4l&t>c: i
prime. 5«£©i>%e; choice, 0He«?4c; fancy, 7@ j
7HC. • . .
PRUNES — Continued quiet and easy in tone,
with prices ranging from 3^4c to &\lc. ; .
APRICOTS— Are still in light supply and |
rule firm. Choice are quoted at DV4(&10c, j
extra choice at lOViglO^c. and fancy at 11
©13c
PEACHES — Are firm. Choice are quoted ata I
7>4©7i4e. extra choice . at 7%@8c and fancy-l
at U*4@lOc. - . .i , . . •
NEW YORK. March . 24. — FLOUR— Re
ceipts. 33.8W; exports, 0518. Dull. . ...
Nezu York Grain and Produce.
New York- Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, ' March 24,— Cotton futures
closed steady, 24 points up. ¦/¦;•"
Silver, and Sterling Exchange, sixty days
ware slightly higher. : .
Sterling Kxchango. sixty days — $4 S5«4
Bterllng: Exchange, sight \— 4 88
Sterii r.K Exchange, cables ....... — 4 89
New York Exchange, sigljt — , 12H
New York Exchange, telegraphic.-— •
Silver, »*r ounce..'...' — 66
Mexican Dollars, nominal ;.. ¦ — 45%
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL MABKETS.
Sik-cr and Sterling Exchange fractionally higher. .
11 'all-street Stocks lozvcr again. Cotton irregular.
liocal Mining Stocks higher and the Oil Stocks more actit'e.
Russian am/ Japanese Bonds decline again.
Wheat and Barley Futures higher. .
Barley again reported wanted by Orient and England.
Oats firm, with more doing. Corn strong and Rye steady.
Government suddenly places a rush order for Hay.
Fran, Middlings and Shorts 50c per ton lower.
Dried Peas scarce and firm. Beans and Seeds unchanged.
Receipts of Butter show a sudden increase. Cheese unchanged,
Arrivals of Eggs suddenly shrink and prices advance.
Dried Fruits, Raisins and Honey as before.
Proz'isions still quiet everyzvhere.
No further change in Cattle, Sheep and Hogs.
Hops dull end easy, with buyers holding off.
Potatoes steady, with lsss stock offering.
Loss of Bouldin Island crop advances Asparagus.
Poultry and Game firm and the latter higher.
Large line of Navel Oranges offered at concessions.
Time loans ...3%®4>J| Westing Common. 78
Bonds— I Mining—.
Atchison 4s 08% | Adventure ........ 2Vi
Do adj 4a .... 88 Allouez , 4
Mex Cent 4s .... e3 |Amal Copper .... 48 Vt
Railroads— JAmer Zinc 9 '/a
Atchison C9 (Atlantic 8
Do pfd . 00 iBingham 20&
Bocton^: Albany.243 "Calumet & Hecla.4fiO
Boston & Malne.105 J Centennial 17%
Boston Elev 138 HI Copper Range ... 42«/4
Fltchburs pfd 140 | Daly West 29>A
Mex Central 1.0% Dom Coal 58
N Y. N H & H..179>$ Franklin 7V&
Pere Marquette.. 75 Grancy .....;.... 2%
Union Pacific... 79Ti Isle Royate ' 7»4
Miscellaneous — Mass Mining .... 4
Amer Arge Cbem. 13% Michigan 5 .
Do pfd 72 Mohawk 37%
Amer Pneu Tube. 4- | Mont Coal & C... 2%
Amcr Sugar 125 old Dominion ... Jl«i
Do pfd ...: 125 Osceola 09
Amer Tcl& Tel. 124 Parrot ..:...<'.... 2414
Amer Woolen ... 10% Qulncy 3... SO
Do pfd .. .. T6H Shannon .\ 8*4
Dom Iron & S by. Tamarack 45
Ed Elect Ilium. .233 Trinity .' 4%
Gen Electric 1C6 U S Mining 21 H
Mass Electric... 10% U S Oil.... 0%
Do pfd ..72 XJUh 33%
Mass Gas 39% Victoria .,.."... ../3t|
United Fruit .... 08% Wlnona ...'...;...' «
Un Shoe Mach..'. 40 Wolverine 70
Do pfd .. .. 28%
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
There were liberal receipts of Butter late in
the forenoon, and in the afternoon there was
considerably more on the market than for some
little time past. : Prices showed no cha.nge one
way oi the other, dealers reported the
feeling rather easy than otherwise.
Cheese drags along without ~ chanee and
stock* are still excessive.
Receipts of Eggs suddenly ' dropped to 834
ca«e», against 1877 the day before, which was
quite a shrinkage. The result was a firm and
slightly* higher market, though the advance is
believed to be temporary. Prices are now so
high' for this time of the year that the cold
storage speculators are beginning to feel the
necessity for caution and are going more
slowly, though they are still buying In the
country for this account. Sales of extra. choice
store Kggs were reported as high as 20c,
though : it takes a pretty good store Eju' to
bring thtg figure.
Receipts were 31,300 lbs Butter, 834 cases
Eggs and 15,900 lbs Cheese. *
. BUTTER — Creamery at . first hands. 22%c
for extras, 21@22c for firsts and 18@20c for sec
onds; dairy. 15®20c; store Butter, nominal;
cold storage, 201821c for extras, 18@18c for sec
onds and Itl@i3c for ladle-packed.
CHEESE— 8ft©0c for good to choice new
and 708c for lower grades; Young Americas,
(»y.@10c; Eastern, 15016c; Western, 14@15c
per lb.
EGGS— Ranch. 20@22c for fair to choice;
store, 18620c per dozen: " >
Butter Cheese and; Eggs.
The expected car of Western Poultry did
not arrive., havlns been delayed en route, but
It wan reported close at hand and will prob
ably be marketed to-day. Receipts of do
mestic were light and there was continued
firmnesa In fine large young stock, while
scraggy old Roosters and small Broilers were
weak and lower. There was a good^demand
for Game and most kinds were quoted higher.
. POULTRY— Uve Turkeys. 16@lSc per lb;
Geese, per pair. $2@2 25: Goslings. $2flS 29;
Ducks, $5 50@<J 50 per dozen tor old and $3 50@
7 30 for young: Hens, $6 50#7 50 for large and
$55C@C for small; - young. Roosters. $~@8;
old Rcostera, $5^6; Fryer*. $G@fl 50; . Broilers,
$305 50 for large and $3 &(K@4 50 for small;
Pigeons. $1 25® 1 50 per dozen for old and $2 2ft
@2 50 for Squabs. ¦ !
GAME — Gray Geese, $.103 CO per dozen:
White Geese, $1@1 30; Brant/ $2 for small and
$3 for lance; -Honkers, $4@5; Knslish Snipe.
$3 50; common Snipe, SI .W@l 75; Wild
Pigeons, $1 CO; Rabbits, $1 5032 for Cotton
tails and $101 25 for Brush; Hare, $i 25@1 30.
Poultry and Game.
@2 per box or crate for Los Angelea and $1 25
@2 for Mexican ; Summer • Squash from Los
Angeles, per.box; Cabbage. $1 10 per ctl;
Carrots. 60c ¦ per sack- Hothouse Cucumbers.
$16125 per' dozen; Garlic. 12V4C per lb; Egg
Plant. 15®20c per lb; Dried Peppers, . 5@8c per
lb for Stockton and 10@12^c for southern;
Dried Okra. 10@12&c per.lb; Green Peppers,*
•12>/4@15c per lb for Chile and 20@25c for Bell;
Mushrooms. 5®15c per lb: -Marrowfat Squash,
l@l%c per lb; Hubbard. %c per lb.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Reflnlnr Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine" Crushed, B.R5c:
Porrdered. C.SOc; Candy Granulated. 5-50c:
Dry Granulated fine, B-4Oc:" Dry .Granu
lated, coarse. fi.40c; FtuU Granulated. 5.4Oc;
Beet Granulated (lttVlb bag* otU»). 8.30c;
Confectioner*' A. 5.40c: Matnolta A, 5c:
Extra C. 4.90c; Golden C. 4.80c: "D."
4.70c; barrels, 10c more; half parrel*.. 23c more:
boxes, DOc more; 50-lb bags. 10c mow for all
kinds. Tablet*- Half barrels. : 5. BOe: box**.
6.15c; H. A E. Crystal Doralnos. R.lOc per lb.
No order* taken for less than seventy-five bar
rels or Its equivalent.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR THURSDAY. MARCH 24. :
Flour qr ska .. "8.S30I Wool, bales ... 429
"Wheat ctls ... 2.638! Hay. tons 247
Barley", ctls .... 5.2.T»( Straw, tons .... .8
Oats, ctls 23O|T#low. ctls ... 412
Beans sk« 2301 Hides, No 177
Potatoes sks .. 3. fi34 1 Leather, folia .. J»
Onions, sks ... 8TSt Lime, bbls .... 273
Bran *ks 1.0S3: Paper, reams .. 72
Middlings ske.. 1 03! Pelts. No. .... ISO
Shorts, sks ... 40! Sugar, ctls .... 5.0OO
Feed, sks Mi Wine, gals ... 6O.50O
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks .. lfi,«.S6|Bran. sks 84S
Potatoes, sks . . 1,1871
July; San Quenttn. $5 25; Wool Bags. 32933c;
Fleece Twine. 7t*©Sc. ¦ ' U-'^i^V
COAL— Wellington. $S eer ton: New Wel
lington, $8; Seattle. $6 50: Bryant. :$• 50; Bea
ver IflU. $6: Stanford. $7; Roslyn. $7; Coos
Bay $5 60; Greta, $7: Wallsefld. $7; Richmond.
$7 B0; Cumberland. $13 in bulk and $14 25 In
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14;
Welsh .Anthracite Egg. $13: W-lsh Lump.
$11 50; C&nncl. $8 50 per ton; Coke. $11 GO$l:t
per ton lit bulk and $15 In sacki; Rocky Moun
tain descriptions. $11 45-p«r2eOO lbs and $12 80
per long ton, according to brand.
OILS — Quotations are fof barrels: for cases.
add 5c t Linseed. 4»o per gallon for boiled and
47c for raw; Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1, TOc:
Bakers' A A. $1 10«l 12; Lucol. 45c for boiled
and 43c for raw: China Nut. 60®70c per gallon;
Cecoanut Oil in barrels. 38c for Ceylon and -5c
for Australian: extra bleached- winter Sperm
Oil, 85c; natural winter Sperm Oil. 30c: extra
bleached winter Whale Oil. 65c: natural Whale
Oil. 60c; extra winter- strained- Lard, OH» gc:
No.1 Lard Oil. COc: pure Neatsfoot Oil. «5c:
No. 1 Neat«foot Oil 63c: lUht Herring Oil.
45c: dark Herring OIL 43e; Salmon Oil. 38c:
boiled Fii>h Oil. 40c; raw Frsh Oil. 33c;, boiled
Paint Oil. 88c; raw Paint OlK 33c. f ' ',.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oll.-.ln bulk.
14c; Pearl Oil. in cases, 20Hc; Astral. 20 ,'
8tar. 20%c: Extra 8tar. 24U C ;. Elaine. 2fl^c;
Eocene. 23>4c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline. In
bulk. 16c: In cases. 22%e;- Benzine. In. bulk.
13c; In cases' 19%c; 88-degree Gasoline In
bulk. 23c: In cases. 31c. > " .
_ TURPENTINE— 84c per gallon In- ca»e« and
78c In drum* and Iron barrels. ¦ "' ' -. •
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lea*. 70
7%c per lb; White Lead. 797ttc. according to
quantity. ' JiX ' ¦
light tine, iscit^c; heavy fine. 12@14»£c; tub
washed, 22®aic. • . • . ¦ *»'.",.
Foreign Fixtures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— May.' July.
Opening 67 6 6%
Closing '..... :...-* 6 7H 6"
- . ' " PARIS.
Wheat — March. Sept. -Dec.
Opening 21 95 21 55
Closing 2105 2145
Flour —
Opening 29 10 20 55 '-¦
Closing 28 05 20 50
' Northern Wheat Market^
OREGON.
• PORTLAND, March. 24.— Wheat— Walla
Walla, 70c; blue stem, 80c; valley. 81c.
The clearances from this port for the week
ending to-day were 22.450 bushels of wheat. •
- WASHINGTON. **
TACOMA, March 24.— Wheat, Unchanged;
blue stem. 81c; club, 75c. .
- • i, *¦
.; Northern Business.
'¦ SEATLE, March 24. — Clearings, $646,713;
balances. $92.:HX>. . - • -
TACOMA. March 24.— Clearings, $318,346;
balftncts, $«4,WX .
PORTLAND, March 24.— Clearings, $101,414;
balances. $3(S,9tt).
I SPOKANE, ' March 24. — Clearings, $281,302;
I balances, fSl.lOtt/
THE SAN FRANGISCO GALL, FRIDAY, MARCH: 25. 1904.
.9/. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIB, March 24.— Wool, steady. • Medi
um grades, combing and clothing, 18ff2Uc;
T. Noyman, laborer. Sacramento,
filed a petition In insolvency yester
day In the United States District
Court. He owes $1057 and ha* no
assets.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15Only a fool's to-morrow ruins to
day.
Lcr Cabin! *'The brmrt with a flavor." Ask
year dealer— whoMmlf-UOO Dolores st. • ,
Komero Is Consul General
Cayetano Romero has been officially
recognized as the Consul General for
Mexico at this port.
TWO EXHIBITS AT THE ANNUAL SPRING BHOTtr OF THE CALIFORNIA
STATE FLORAL SOCIETY THAT ELICITED MUCH FAVORABLE COMMENT
FROM THRONGS OF SPECTATORS AT THE FERRY BUILDING YESTERDAY.
The patrolmen made no attempt to
remove the body, but at once notified
the Central police station and the
Morgue. This morning at 10 o'clock
a detachment of police and coroner's
deputies will repair to the scene, maice
an investigation and remove the body
to the Morgue, where an effort will be
made to ascertain the identity of the
unfortunate.'
The officers came upon the body of
the unfortunate man in the thickest
part of the woods. The corpse was
In a sitting posture. leaning against a
large rock. The left hand and the
left leg below the knee were entirely
eaten aw. by wild animals and the
fac£ wan urtdly decomposed.
-The body of the man had evidently
been undisturbed for a month or more.
A black soft hat was discovered about
ten feet away from where the corpse
lay. A large" British bulldog pistol lay
rusted at the feet of the dead man.
showing only too plainly how he had
rid himself of his troubles.
The body of some unfortunate 'who
had tired of life and killed himself,
perhaps more than a month ago, was
discovered on the highest point of
Sutro woods, back of the Affiliated
Colleges building, yesterday. The body
was flr^| seen by a passerby, who in
formed a street car conductor, and he
in turn told the police.
Patrolmen C. B. Wedekind and A.
C. Williams of the Park police station
repaired to the woods in search of the
corpse. They hunted through the
brush and undergrowth from 3 o'clock
till 5:15 before their efforts were .re
warded by the finding: of the grew
some object.
-Ahlers raised an alarm, and Pacheco
as he vas running downstairs was met
by Behrtnd, who seized hold of him.
There was a brief struggle and Pa
checo broke away fmni Behrend and
ran al<<-ng ECearny street to Sutter and
down gutter Ftreot to Lick place. Into
"which he dodged. Behrend was close
behind him and before he reached the
jnlddlc of the slley again seized him.
A crowd -quickly gathered and Pa
¦ checo aroused its sympathies by de
claring that Behrend was assaulting:
him. Policeman Ga-Haway, who was on
duty at Market and Montgomery
streets, was notified by a bey of what
•was going on and as he reached Lick
T>lace the crowd had closed in on the
two strufrplinj; men and was trying to
drag Pacheco jt-.vay from Behrend. Gal
laway drew his club and soon cleared
¦a way for himself.' He placed Pacheco
under arrest and took him back to
Ahlers" store, where -he .was searched
and ibe two d'arriond rings found on
him. Tb«jr were identified by Ahlers.
At the nty Prison' Pacheco was
aeain searched and $126 To in coin, five
foreign <-oins. eleven sSusrs. a pold
watch, chain and two charms were
founrf in his pockeis. He is not known
by the r^lice. v-hn think he had a con
federate, a-hose part was to call Ah'ers
¦up by telephone about the time Pa
cbeco mmld reach the store. It is be
lieved that he has been imnlicated"in
tome of the renent till tapping 1obs.
A darlnir thief was captured yester
daj- afternoon through the pluck of
Hfnrj' B*»hrend, a Jeweler, employed by
his brother at 1165 Market street, and
the prompt action of Policeman John
* Gallaway. The captive was booked at
the City Prison on a charpe of grand
larceny. He grave his name as Louis
Pacheco and his age as 22 yearp.
Shortly before 4 o'clock Pacheco en
tered the jewelry store of H. C. Ahlers,
on thp third floor of the Timrlow block.
328 Kearny street. Just as he entered
the teleph^-ne bell rang and Ahlers went
to answer it. Ae he did so Pacheco
open^ri a class case and. grabbing hold
of two diamond rings valued at $335,
rushed out of the place.
Stolen Articles Are Found
on Him and He Is Booked
on Grand Larceny Charge
Police Officers Search for
Two Hours Before Find
ing Corpse of the Suicide
(TIASED AND CAPTURED
ENDS LIFE WITH PISTOL
Ixniis Pacheco Purloins *T wo
Diamond Rings From a
Case in a Jewelry Store
Remains of Unidentified
3Ian Discovered oil Ledge
of Rock in Sutro Woods
California Flowers Fill Part- of the Ferry Building
Nave and Big Crowd Delights in Viewing Product
of Cultivated Garden and the Fields of Nature
THIEF CAUGHT
BY A CITIZEN
FOREST YIELDS
ANOTHER BODY
RIOTOUS COLORS MAKE
A FEAST FOR THE EYE
- Burnett's' Vanilla ; Extract ' ia sold
by all the beat grocers 'every where, try It. •
The 'Supreme. Court denied a petition
for a rehearing yesterday in the suit
brought by .JSel by E. Oppenheimer
against Thomas Clunie for annulment
of the lease of the Clunie Opera-house,
in Sacrament,Q." Oppenheimer got sick
of his bargain , and . declared that ' con
ditions had been misrepresented. The
Supreme . Court decided in favor of the
Onpenheimer Loses Contest.
Policeman Dennis J. Daly, died at his
residence, 71 6A Union .street, at an
early hour yesterday morning from ap
pendicitis. He had j been < assigned re
cently to the Board : of Education as a
truant officer, and ;^vhen .he; reported
off .duty on' Tuesday evening he'com
plained of being sick. . He was 37, years
of. age and joined the force on Decem
ber 12, 1S05. He leaves a wife and child
to mourn his loss. ' V
Daly Dies From Appendicitis.
Two suits, for. damages were filed
yesterday, one. by Mary Cavanagh for
$50,175 for -the death of. her husband,
Walter. Cavanagh, against the Risdon
Iron Worki. and the . other by Nellie
Hamilton against the United Rail
roads . for $25,929 . for injuries sustained
by her in a collision between a Sutter
street car .and "a' wagon;
Damage Suits Filed.
Binfolow Axminster Rugs, 9x12 feet,
$20.50: installment house price, $47-50.
Smith's Axminster Carpet. $1.10 per
yard, sewed, laid and lined: installment
price. 51.60. The celebrated " Roxbury
Carpet, $1.05 per yard, sewed, laid and
lined; Installment price, $1.40 per. yard.
Pattoslen Company, corner Sixteenth, and
Mission streets. V
Now, for Carpets and Rugs.
Superintendent of Schools Langdon
stated yesterday, that arrangements
are being, completed to put the school
exhibit for the St. Louis Exposition on
display, in the drawing-rooms of the
Lincoln Grammar ..School on Fifth
street during three days of next week.
The exhibit has considerable
attention, but Langdon is desirous of
having aa manjr people view the dis
play as want to." T.o that end he has
selected a 'more central location for
the display.- He will ask for teachers
to volunteer to take charge of the ex
hibit and explain: the work of the ptj
pils, all of which, is highly meritori
ous and reflects '¦ great credit on the
originators. :'.'•'¦'.<
Pupils Exhibit nt St. Louis.
J. Killilea, a carpenter employed by
Registrar Adams ' at the warehouse.
Eighteenth and Division streets, who
was arrested- on • Wednesday evening
by Special Officer O'Brien; was released
from custody, by Captain : Martin yes
terday afternoon, as it was shown that
the lumber he was accused of stealing
had been given him by Foreman
Rogers. Killilea, after his release,
happened to admit that he had robbed
a telephone box in a stationery store
near his residence on Devisadero street
while under the influence' of liquor and
Captain Martin sent an officer after
him and had him locked up again. Spe
cial Officer, O'Brien will swear to a
complaint this morning charging him
with petty larceny.
Killllca Makes Confession.
The president of the committee. Prin
cess Croy-Sternberg of Vienna, has ap
pointed I. N. Fleischner of Portland,
Or., a member.. Mr. Fleischner will re
ceive and forward all contributions to
aid in the erection of the monument to
the central committee. Any contribu
tion sent to him at Portland will be ac
knowledged.
A committee has been recently formed
in Vienna, Austria, for the purpose of
erecting a ' monument to the memory
of Johann Strauss, the famous "waits
king," who died a few years ago. It is
the Intention of the committee to give
all/ of the admirers of Strauss in every
part of the world a chance to contrib
ute toward the erection of the monu
ment. ... ¦ • .'" ' '
Committee Is Formed in Vienna for
That Prirppse and Subscriptions
j Are Solicited. 1
WILL ERECT MONUMENT
TO LATE JOHANN STRAUSS
The araucaria, the only tree the mon
key cannot find nerve to climb, is also
one of the exhibits. John Vallance, the
Cox Seed Company's/, representative,
takes particular interest in a specimen
of white heather,' that would, indeed,
make any Scotchman beam with pride.
In the same collection are the brick
red azalea mollis, a native of the north
ern part of California and Oregon, and
the blue, pink and vermilion 7 cineraria.
There is a wonderfu/ variety j of the
sword fern, or Nephlrolepls piersonii,
the foliage of which is crested, longhand
pendulous. The Japanese cypress tree,
a dwarf In height, is not unlike a; va
riety exhibited by Domoto Bros.' a few
seasons ago, and is most interesting to
look upon. p|
John Rock has brought to the ; city
from the California Nursery Company
of Niles a rare collection ;< of . double
roses and a peach tree rich with beau
tiful deep pink blossoms.
RARE WHITE HEATHER.
Japan comes in prominent in . the
floricultural contest, many, of that
country's most beautiful flowers being
exhibited by ithe Cox Seed Company.
Among them are the pink, white-edged
azaleas, while the same, flower is shown
also in white of the purest kind.' Then
there is the Japanese maple, a little
'over two feet high. The leaf is blood
red in color and is laciniated. There is
also a pretty display of the Japanese
flowering; cherry, , .which is used in
Japan extensively for sidewalk orna
mentation. ••'.
Kettlewell has also in his keeping a
rich arrangement of poppies. Iris and
sweet-smelling wallflowers.
Almost side by side, with the wild
flora are seen in the sedate, cultivated
varieties from the luxurious gardens of
George A. Pope, and guarded by the
watchful William Kettlewell. llr.
Pope's exhibit 4 takes up the space of a
table twenty-four feet in length and
consists of annuals and perannuals.
There are narcissus, aquilegla, Shirley
poppies and. violets, stocks < and candy
tuft, sparaxis and kaffir lilies import
ed from the Cape of Good Hope, anem
onies and a table of pansies of the most
beautiful varieties. *
Mrs. Wiester's display consists, of
iris, yellow pansies, buttercups, pop
pies, frittllaria (brown bells), hyacinth
and other varieties of flowers growing
wild.
Rarely has there been seen a more
beautiful collection of hyacinths, daf
fodils, pansies and poppies and all the
other varieties of the early spring
flower family.
Mrs. W. S. Chandler, who has distin
guished herself In former years by ex
hibiting wild flowers plucked from the
neighboring hills, has once more a dis
play of similar but more extensive
character. First of all, Mrs. Chandler
has taken up the full width of the
south of the great nave, where she has
placed in natural fashion no less
than thirty kindsof Oregon moss," out
of which spring trilliums, fritillaria,
collinsia, goooseberry blossoms, currant
blossoms, yellow violets and the'wee,
delicate, pretty nemophila, generally
known as "baby eyes." ¦¦ . •
• Mrs. W. H. Wiester, too, has a beau
tiful display of the vagabond flowers
which inhabit "anywhere and every
where" over the San Br,uno hills, and
roundabout.
BEAUTIFUL WILD FLOWEUS.
The exhibition this year is eight
weeks earlier than on former occasions,
and-^when it is remembered that the
great variety of garden and wild flow
ers have been gathered in the midst of
hail, rain and wind storms of several
weeks' duration* the labor, it must be
acknowledged, has been attended ,wlth
remarkable success.
That the spring exhibition of the
California State Floral Society is a wel
come institution was emphasized yes
terday morning by the big crowd that
attended the formal opening of the an
nual floral feast at the Ferry building
nave.
The Leedham Bulb Company of
Santa Crjuz has sent a wondrous dis
play of narcissus ,and daffodils and
the school children of Decoto are repre
ented by a garden of golden poppies.
Log Angeles is represented . by E. J.
Vawter, who has on view hundreds of
outdoor grown carnations, ranging
from the pure white "Los Angeles" to
the dark crimson "Roosevelt."
R.- Llchtenberg gives a beautiful dis
play of narcissus, iris and poppies' and
ever so many other specimens of flow
ers from Mill Valley.
.Golden Gate Park has also contrib
uted bountifully and Mrs. J.?H. Boden
of Hay wards has as pretty a show of
roses and primroses as one' could wish
to see. . '
Mrs. J. Branin of San Lorenzo pre
sents for approbation a dainty display
of iris, calla lilies and alllums and the
old-fashioned i "Johnny ; Jump-ups,"
from which the great pansy of to-day
has sprung. Mrs. Branin has also a
rare specimen of the black calla (arum
sanctum). •
Miss Annie Allen of San Lorenzo
has a collection of narcissus imported
from Australia, Miss Media Hansen of
San Lorenzo shows! some specimens
of the narcissus family and , Mrs. I. W.
Kersey of Hay wards has also a collec
tion of narcissus that is very beautiful.
The attendance for the first day far
surpassed that of any previous first
day; of the spring shows held in the
city. In the evening there was music
rendered by the First Artillery band
and to-night and to-morrow night Hpl
llster's band will render the' music pro
grammes. . ' %
The flower show will open each
mornlng,at 10 'o'clock... ,
The doctor also has some -ferns, one
in particular, a spreading specimen of
the ; fern family, being handsome
enough to captivate every sightseer at
the show. :< ' - ,
DISPLAYS FIXE FERXS.
On Rock's table is a specimen of the
red flowering eucalyptus, which blooms
from January 1 to; the end of March.
There are. numerous and' remarkably
well -cultivated flowers in the exhibit
which won the admiration of the vis
itors.
John Hinkle of Berkeley sets .before
the flower lover a splendid collection,
including a Japanese shrub which
grows to the height ' of ten . feet, with
a glorious display of, berries. in cluster,
something akin to the English holly.
ITlnkle also supplies a superb scene of
camellias, red. white and pink, and
the brightest daffodils and gentle nar
cissus, n Ilium s • and Iris.
A small exhibit of violets comes from
Miss Lacey, and Mrs.' John Ross Mar
tin, manager of the California State
Floral Society, displays a' number of
handsome .Bermuda HUes. . •
- Dr. Harry L. Tevishas on exhibition
a beautiful and well arranged variety
of golden spear narcissus, large trum
pet narcissus and. the most delicate of
hyacinths. . .- • ~ .
The Mary and Ida was a two-masted
schooner of 174.54 net tons register.
She was built here In 1883 and was
owned by the Pacific Marine Supply
Company of this city. . Besides a cap
tain and two mates she carried a crew
of five.
Klein is still unable to walk. He
stayed with friends at 721 Davis street
last night and: to-day, will be taken to
the- Marine Hospital. The Czarina en
countered fair weather on the trip and
made . the run in eleven days from
Pirate Cove.
Second Mate Andy Stokes, Cook Wil
liam Klein and two seamen to Pirate
Cove, where the schooner Czarina took
them aboard and brought them to this
city.
It was while on Unga Island, two
days after the wreck, that William
Klein had his feet frozen to such an
extent- that amputation of three toes
will be necessary. .Klein, while walking
in the hills, was unable to find his way
to the station and th* terrific cold
caused him to become dizzy and faint.
Upon awakening he found both of his
feet frozen so that he was unable to
walk. Fishermen found him and ap
plied the usual remedies at hand.
Clunie estate, and that decision win
stand.
i An empty water barrel was then
thrown overboard from the schooner
and the wind carried it to the beach.
By this time more of the fishermen had
lowered themselves over the bluff.
With the line floated ashore they pulled
a dory containing several of the crew
through the breakers a place or
safety. Several trips were necessary
to land all hands and the undertaking
was fraught with great danger.
The survivors were soon safely
housed in the station buildings.' After
remaining five days on the island the
schooner Edna Watts conveyed Cap
tain Ipsen, First Mate John Tiburn,
ALL. ARE SAVED.
Suddenly -one of the anchors gave
way and the vessel began drifting
toward Kellys Rock. For a few bnaf
momenta ,the other anchor retarded
the schdoner's drift to destruction, but
the wind triumphed and those on board
realized that nothing could save the
ship. Nearer . and. nearer the stanch
little craft drifted to the beach until
with a crash and a quiver she struck
one of the submerged bowlders which
abound on this bleak coast. She struck
amidships, and the rudder and wheel
box . were carried away by the Jar.
Water rushed in, and the Mary and
Ida sank forward in a few minutes.
Several of the crew made for the
forecastle to save some of their be
longings, but the inrushing water
drove them back. All believed that
the last hour had come, as there ap
peared to be no chance of effecting a
landing through the boiling surf.
At this juncture several shadowy
forms were seen on the bluff high
above. The -hardy fisherman from
Winchester station did not intend to
see eight lives sacrificed without mak
ing an effort to save them. To think
was to act with these volunteer life
savers. A line secured by a dory anchor
was dropped over, the cliff. Hand ever
hand \ an Intrepid fisherman lowered
himself down the 400-foot wall, the
wind swaying him pendulum-like
against the face of the bluff. He
reached the, beach in safety and a cheer
went up from the imperiled mariners.
A dramatic tale ¦ of | the wrecking of
the American Codfish Company's
schooner. Mary and Ida during a ter
rific - hurricane at Winchester-, station,
Unga Island, February 23, came from
the north last evening by the schooner
Czarina, which brought home the cap
tain and 'crew of the ill-fated codfisher.
The' schooner and a cargo of 70,000
codfish are a total loss, and had if
not_ been for the timely assistance of
the' fishermen at Winchester station
every soul aboard the craft would have
perished. Luckily every one escaped
without injury except William Klein,
the cook, who had his feet frozen sev
eral days after the -catastrophe while
lost in the hills of Unga Island.
The Mary and Ida sailed from 'this
city for the northern fishing grounds
January 17 of this year. After a fair
passage she arrived at Squaw Island
February 6 and took aboard 50,000 cod
fish. ; From there she sailed to Win
chester station, where the balance of,
the ; cargo was taken aboard. The ves
sel was anchored attout half a mile
off shore when the gale came which
drove, her to destruction. For eight
days preceding the wreck a storm
raged, and an extra anchor was put
out by Captain Ipsen as a precaution
ary measure. About 6 o'clock on. the
evening of February 23 the storm in
creased in fury ! until the wind had
attained a velocity of 90 or 100 miles
an hour.
DRIFTS ON ROCKS.
.With. Assistance of Fisher
men Officers and the Crew
Reach Shore in Safety
NO LIVES SACRIIJCED
Schooner -Mary and Ida Is
Driven on Eocks of Unga
Island ; by a Hurricane
BRING A TALE
OF SHIPWRECK
THE SAN FRANCISCO: CALI";; FRIDAY,- MARCH; 25. 1904.
16
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
It r^- "*-^*»Oi»^w**u:«^^qMr.v«*fc^ruii«fl rti ¦ t i nuiwii. mm — • ¦' ¦¦¦'*^
6^- — — — VI
Suits for SmalS Women
and Misses
MISSES' SUITS, made of all-woo! Venetian cloth; blouse
jacket: neatly trimmed with white cloth and black and gold
braid: half-fitted cape forming long, tapering shoulders; this
'paeon's newest plaited skirts; sizes 14 to 18 {£|O
years: colorings new brown and royal blue. . . . • .xj/'^r**^"
M ISSES* and SMALL WOMEN'S SUITS, made of fancy I
Scotch tweed?, in colorings of tan. jrreen and blue;
blouse effect, with broad girdle; entire suit neatly trimmed
with braid and gold buttons: sizes 14 to 18 E\f\
MISSIES' SUITS, made of all-wool English tweed, in this
season's newest designs of 'small checks; Eton 4 effect, made
over full blouse; trimmed with hand-made Arabian lace;
colors green, brown and white: sizes 14 to 18 QlQ f\f\
Other styles, imported models, made of French voiles, all-
wool seeded etamines, English cheviots, Scotch tweeds and
fine Venetian cloths. Prices equally as attractive.
f SPECIAL SALE Of
Russian
Dresses
The illustration shows a neat style,
our own make; a very practical and
stylish little dress for little girls from
2 to 7 years of age; made of fast
color Scotch chambray; hand em-
broidered anchor; in colorings of pink
and blue; $2.25 value — special for
Friday and Saturday. <>¦ £?f\
; . ; ; ; *jj I* 0 U
Children's and Misses' Easter Hats
Distinctive styles for Easter wear. The most comprehen-
sive representation of exclusive spring and summer styles
ever gathered together. Each hat possesses the distinctive
individuality that characterizes all the Magnin styles. Al-
though they are all beautiful in design and the material the
best, prices are no higher than the ordinary styles generally ;
offered elsewhere.
CHILDREN'S FANCY STRAW HATS, handsomely
trimmed with fine quality of chiffon ribbon and flowers;
copies of imported models; made in our own . j workroom.
Special values at ..'. f^'J.TiO, $3.50, $4.50
SPECIAL SALE OF
Girls' Sailor Hats
GIRLS' SAILOR HATS,
same style as illustrated, made ¦
of white and tan Manila straw, '
with fancy border; trimmed uEiisisl
with all-silk pros-grain ribbon; $?fT§a
special for Friday an dOffp |*j wft
918922 MARKET STREET
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DISFIGURED
WITH ECZEMA
Under Physicians Five
Months. Went from
Bad to Worse.
CURED BYCUTICURA
1 Wonderful Change in One Night
In a Month Face Was
Clean as Ever.
"I was troubled with eczema on the
face for five months during which time
I -was In the care of physicians. Mj
face was in such a condition that I
coald not go out. It was going from
bad to worse and I gare np all hope,
when a friend of mine highly recom-
mended Caticura Remedies. The first
night after I washed mj face with Cu-
ticara Soap and used Cuticura Ointment
and Caticnra Resolvent it changed won-
derfully, and continuing the treatment
it removed all scales and scabs. From
that day I was able to go oat, and in a
month ray face was as clean as ever."
THOMAS J. SOTH, 317 Stagg St.,
Brooklyn, N.Y.
The above letter was received in 1893
and he again writes ns Feb. 19, 1903,
"I have not been troubled with eczema
since."
The agonizing itching and burning of
the skin .as in eczema; the frightful
j scaling, as in psoriasis; the loss of hair
and crusting • of scalp, as in scalled
. head ; the facial disfigurement, as in
pimples and ringworm ; the awful suf-
fering of Infants, and anxiety of worn-
out parents, as in milk crust, tetter and
salt - rheum — all demand [ a " remedy of
almost superhuman virtues to success-
fully cope with them. That Cuticura
Soap, Ointment and Resolvent are such
stands proven beyond all doubt. ' No
statement is made regarding them that
Is not justified by the strongest evi-
I dence. . , The purity, and : sweetness, the
power to afford immediate ' relief, the
I certainty . of speedy and permanent
' ; cure, the : absolute safety . and great
economy have made them the standard
skin cures of the civilized world.
' Sold throafboat tie world. Cattonn BtMtTtat, We.
fJn f ona &f Choeolste Coated TiUt, J3e. per rtoJ ef 60),
'- Olnlm«at, JOr.. So«p. Uc Depot* > Loaaan,' V Ch»rt«r-
hoose 8q.| F«ri». A Ro« d« to P»lx; Bmtao, 137 Colara-
kiu Art. Pottar Drux * Chen. Corp., SoU nopritton.
v . BEOAI. SHOES.
' - * ..."
IPS Qfvlp 9 *: a 'whole lot
more than /"some-
thing new."
J^Sl Regal styles come
M^SBf direct from where shoe-styles
ffl^^SE^ originate— New York and London.
' W® fflfiH^llJi They are copied in every line from
e originals it's safe to follow
pBj ft ' — hand-made models designed by
l^rti^^ the three or four exclusive boot-
J^ttf^?^. makers whose twenty-dollar master-
j^Wl^^^ pieces set the shoe-fashions of the
r^^^^^^H Copied exactly and at ones, by
«|gpBHffi|||S our own expert model-maker.
\^^^^BK^^ . And in thirty days a complete
llgpflpl^ line of the new Regals is on sale in
WyUgf Regal stores, — perfect duplicates of
. yS/SmBy me latest hand-made shoes that are
being worn by the best-dressed
people of the metropolis.
You can't buy a Regal thaft's-oot
of style. They don't stay long enough to get out of
style. No Regal shoe ever gets "shelved." There's
a constant fresh supply of Regal shoes in shipment
from Regal fectory to Rigal stores.
And we've never yet been able to make shoes fest
enough to get ahead of the seffing.
Send for Style 3ook, Hail Orders promptly filled.
There are 72 Begal .Stores, 22 of them In Greater New York, irher* Vbm
¦tyles originate. The new styles are on sale at our San Francisco Store at
th« same time as in the New York Stores.
San Francisco Store, Cor. Geary and Stockton Sts.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Friday, Saturday, Saturday Hlfffct.
35c SACKS RYE FIXIUR 25c.
BEST CKTiATMC CHEESE lb. 1 Oc
Made from pure cream only. Usually 15c
FOSTUM CEREAL. *23c PKO.. 19c.
FOBX AND EEAN3 IT), can 5O
Boston Baked, new lot. doz;n 53c.
TOILET PAPER. FTJli, COtTXT. 7 PKGS 23c.
BEST BOAT 8 111. eak*S 25c
Armoui*» best Ljumdry Soap.uaually 5c straight
SPERRT'S GERMEA. PKG 10c.
JAVA AND MOCHA C07FSS. . .Xb. 2oC
Positively best coffee, strong and rich. Rer 35c.
LOWXETTS COCOA. CAN 10c.
75c TEAS (SO Ttiads) 1*. 45c
Extra choir* quality, any flavor you like, 5
lba. $2.15.
TTHITB OR PINK BEANS. 7 LBS 23c
DESSERT FRUITS (Cuttinar*- Bert)
eaa 14c
Pe«led Peaches. Pears and Acrlcots. dozes
tl.65. Usually 20c.
HAND-PACKED TOMATOES. CAN 8c
FRENCH FBtnreS S lb«. 20e
Extra Urge; cook like fresh fruit. Usually 10c.
FLAKED MUSH. 3 PKG3 23c.
Creamery Butter 35c.
Choice of brands; best produced In Maria
County. Larse squares.
WHITE FIGS, 6 LBS 25c.
OIJ> OOVEHNME2TT WKXSXT.feot. 75e
Bottled In bond; used in IT. S. hospitals.
Elsewhere S1.0O.
GOLD LION COCKTAILS, BOT. 73c.
zlvi-andel gmi. 45c
4 years old. Rich, fruity wine. Usually tea.
WILSON RYE WHISKT. 80c. ¦
POST or SHESXT WX2TB ffal. 65c
Excellent types 5 years old. 'Well worth $1.0O.
PABST.MALT EXTRACT. DOZ. $2.00.
HORSESHOE WHISKT qt. bot. 55c
Our leader. 90c quality.
50c PORT OR SHERRY. BOTTLE S5c
1001 FILLMORE ST. l!9 TAYLOR ST.
Fark 183. .. ... .Fhone Howard 1031
I Dollar 1
I Premium £. 1 1 coffees!
I Free " " spices I
1 with Each ***** 1
i Wor " > Powder y
1 ft .^They are Beauties q E
llCi A thousand kinds /& 9
! sir tO SeJect from ' *eH
1 Great American Importing Tea Co's I
M 861 Mark* 210 Grant »•». tC9 P©Tk Id
H M0 Sixth 1819 Devlndar* 705 Larkin X
W478Halsrht SOW Sixteenth 335 Hayes |
HS285MiastQa 521 llontg'y av«. 52 Market M
EK008 Filhnore »» Mission 146 Ninth 14
B tSS Thud 2732 **th 460Fonrth R
APillinTime
will save a serious sickness, especially
to people subject to Bilious attacks.
Sick Headaches or who suffer from
Stomach disorders. A pill in need is a
friend indeed, and you should never
be without a box of
Beecham's
Pills
Sold Everywhere, la boxes Me. and lie