Continued on Page 4, Columns 3, 4 and 5.
Rumor That Former President of
Honduras AVlll Be Shot for
. Conspiracy.
POLOCARPO BONFLIiA
MAY BE EXECUTED
PANAMA, March 22.— There ig a ru
mor here that former President Polo
carpo Bonilla of Honduras has been
tried by cqurt-ma^rtial and sentenced to
be shot to death, j He was arrested and
thrown into prison last month with
several other members of the Cham
ber of Deputies, it being charged that
a plot against the Government of
President Manuel Bonilla was being
hatched among them.
Sultan Accepts Treaty Abrogation.
, MANILA. March 22.— Major Gen
eral Wood. reports from Jolo that the
Sultan of Sulu has accepted the abro
gation of the Bates treaty without any
evidence of- excitement, and evidently
expected the same since hostilities be
gan last fall. " -J • , .
STEEL CORPORATION
NAMES ITS OFFICERS
Selected to Finance the San
Diego Institution.
Plttsburgr Trust Company Has Been
SAN DIEGO, March 22. — At a meet
ing of the directors of the new $100.
000,000 capital Pacific Steel Corpora
tion In this city this afternoon General
Harrison Gray Ot«3,o{ Los Angeles
was elected president and other of
ficers were chosen as follows: C W.
French. Cleveland, Ohio, chairman of
the board of directors; A. A. Purman.
Cleveland. Ohio, vice president; V. A.
Dehnel, Cleveland, Ohio, secretary;
George W. Fishburn, San Diego, gen
eral counsel; Willard Fuller, Cleve
land. - Ohio, general superintendent.
The offices of general manager, audi
tor and chief engineer will be filled
later.
As one of the results of the meeting
it was announced that the Union Trust
Company of Pittsburg had been ap
pointed fiscal ag«nt for the East of
the Pacific Steel Company. This com
pany will attend to the financing of
the steel plant.
made last Friday to blow up the
Odessa University. Two bombs were
exploded, breaking down an Inside
wall and shaking the quadrangle. Nine
other bombs were discovered, the
fuses of which had failed to act.
. It is believed that an attempt was
made to revenge the wholesale expul
sion and arrests of students. Two stu
dents have been arrested on suspicion.
Attempt Is Made .to Destroy the In
stitution and Two Students Are
Suspected.
KIEF. March 22. — An attempt was
ODESSA UNIVERSITY
IS SHAKEN* BY BOMBS
Attack Upon Russian Stronghold Be
gins at Midnight and Continues -
Until the Noon Hourv
Another telegram from ; Viceroy Alexieff=to' the Emperor, gives Vice'Adrniral Makaroff's report
as follows: ; . ....:,....,*. *>i':f ,'
At midnight of March 21 two of- the enemy's torpedo-boats, approached the outer .roadstead, ;hut
were discovered by the searchlights of the batteries and fired upon by the forts and the gunboats Bobr
and Otvatzuy. They were obliged to retiVe.- - /
"A second attack was made at 4 o'clock in the morning by three torpedo-boats, which also 'were
"At daybreak three detachments of the "enemy's -fleet, consisting of six' battleships, six armored
VICE AD3IIRAL MAKAROFFS OFFICIAL- ACCOUNT OF THE COMBAT.
A later telegram from the Viceroy to the Emperor- says: • .
"According to a supplementary dispatch from- Lidttehant General Stoessel, the enemy's fleet
consisted of six battleships and twelve cruisers. About 9 o'clock in the . morning the 'fleet divided,
the battleships and the torpedo-boats taking up a position between Liaotheshin and Columbinai Bay
(Pigeon Bay), while the cruisers formed up in two divisions^ to the south and east of Port Arthur.
"At 9 :2O o'clock the battleship Retvizan opened fire over the'efest of Liaotheshin against the
enemy's battleships, which replied by firing on the town. Meanwhile our fleet formed up in line inthe
outer roadstead. ; ;
"About 11 o'clock in the morning the cannonade slackened, and the :' Japanese fleet,- reuniting,
drew off to the southeast, and at ',12:30 had- disappeared." . ,. ;> ' - • * '
"During the bombardment four soldiers/were killed and nine were wounded. One soldier, on
the shore was bruised." ..;,,'¦ *f. v
"At 9 .o'clock the enemy's battleships opened fire on Liaotheshin,"from which they took up a
position behind the rocky eminence of Liaotheshin and bombarded Port Arthur." .'• - . '/*
BOMBARDMENT IS CONTINUED FOR MORE THAN' THREE HOURS.
ST. PETERSBURG, March 22 — TheEmperor has received the following telegram from Vice
roy Alexicff: *• -• ' . . ' ' • . : s ; .- ' ' •./
"Lieutenant General Stoesscl reports thatat midnight ,of March 21-Japanese torpedo-boats were
discovered by our searchlights. Our guardships and fort batteries opened fire upon them, the firing
lasting twenty minutes. At 4 o'clock in the morning the attack was renewed.
"At 6:30 o'clock in the morning four of the enemy's ships 'appeared from the south,, followed
by the whole squadron of eleven ships and eight torpedo-boats. Our squadron left the roadstead to
meet the enemv. . - ,..'..,-¦
LIEGE. Belgium, March 22. — An
other anarchist outrage was attempt
ed to-day, but the infernal machine,
which was placed on the window sill
of the residence of Police Commis
sioner Blnet. was discovered In time
to prevent any damage being done.
The machine was identical with . the
one that was exploded March 18 out
side the residence of Commissioner of
Police Laurent and which wrecked
the house, killing an artillery officer.
Major Papin,' and seriously wounding
half a dozen other persons.
Belgian Criminals Place a Bomb on
Window Sill of Commissioner's
Residence.
ANARCHISTS SEEKING
REVENGE ON POLICE
JAPANESE INFANTRY FORDING A STREAM DURING. THE ADVANCE THROUGH WESTERN-KOREA.
one or more other directors.
Throughout the day, when Northern
Securities shares were booming on the
curb and its affiliated stocks and the
Pacilics. chiefly Union Pacific, were ad
vancing by leaps and bounds, on the"
Stock Exchange, the air was full of
rumors, some of them of an alarming
character.
Dealings in Union Pacific common
aggregated over 40 per cent of the
total outstanding issue. It was de
clared in various quarters that the
Hill-Morgan party had for some reason
deemed it necessary to buy heavily in
this stock.
The belief in this rumor was height
ened by the fact that brokers who often
represent Morgan interests in this ex
change were heavy buyers of Union
Pacific all the way up.
Large amounts of Southern Pacific
shares also changed hands, and sales
of Great Northern preferred, of which
the floating 1 supply is very small,
amounted to 1000 shares. In the bond
division Oregon Short Line fours,
Union Pacific convertible fours and
Burlington fours were in demand at
substantial advances.
After the close of the market a long
conference was held at the offices of
J. P. Morgan & Co. Those who at
tended Included Morgan. Harriman,
Hill, Lamont, Perkins, J. P. Morgan
Jr.. Francis Linde Stetson of counsel
for J. P. Morgan & Co. and ex-Judge
Dunn of Minneapolis, Hill's personal
legal adviser.
Messrs. Hiir and Harriman left the
Morgan banking house arm in arm and i
apparently in the best of spirits. Both
declined to make any statement be
yond saying that a perfect understand
ing had boen reached all around.
At the banking houee of Kuhn, Loeb
& Co. the chief financial backers of the
Harriman system of . railroads, no
statement of any sort was forthcom
ing. A report that the firm had,! as the
Harriman representatives, received a
substanthil cash bonus for agreeing to
the distribution plan could not be veri
fied. The street heard that Hill-Mor
gan interests would be given repre
sentation in the Union Pacific road, in
return for which Union Pacific inter
ests would be asked to take a place
in the Northern Pacific directors.
Sales of Union Pacific common ag
gregated over 400,000 shares at a net
advance of 8V4 points. Southern Pa
cific was traded in to the extent of
161,000 shares, gaining net 2% points.
The advance in the 1000 shares of Great
Northern preferred was 7i£ points. On
all the Pacifies in fact the market went
higher with the boom in the Northern
Securities stock.
On . the -, curb Northern Securities
made- a net gain of 6 points on the j
Bales of about 23,000 shares. The stoclr I
touched 99% and closed at ST i
This demand was refused, the home
claiming the moneys should go to the
post fund under the rule cited. The
executor resolved to test the ¦validity
of the rule, and to that end brought a
suit which was heard In the Superior
Court Saturday. In to-day's decision
tbe court held the rale to be absolutely
void. It being directly in conflict with
the laws governing the disposition of
estates cf decedents.
In the Veterans' Home at Yountville
there are 600 or 600 Inmates, and over
half of this number are receiving pen
sions from the United States. As this
decision affects .all these pensioners
and perhaps those In like Institutions
elsewhere. Its Importance can be read
ily conceived.
DECISION AGAINST HOME.
There i3 a rula^adopted by the board
of directors which provides that in case
of the death of a pensioner, any pen
sion money due him and remaining in
the hands of the treasurer shall be paid
to the deceased v/idow, minor children
or dependent parents, and in case ther*
are no such heirs the money shall 'M
paid into the post fund of the home.
William Hi Coffey had been a mem
ber of the home for three years prior
to his death, which occurred last April.
At that time he had on deposit certain
pension moneys which by the terms of
his will were bequeathed to a nephew
in the East. N. W. Collins, who was
named In the will as executor, imme
diately demanded from the home these
moneys amounting to some hundred^ of
dollars.
RULE AT YOUNTVTLLE.
* NAPA. March 22.— A decision of far
reaching: Importance was to-day ren
dered by Judge Gesford In the case of
N. -W. Collins., as executor of the will
of James H. CoCfey. .deceased, against
the Board of Directors of the Veterans"
Home of California.
The suit was brought to test the
right claimed by the board of directors
to retain the pension moneys of de
ceased members of the home. When
an ex-soldier wishes to become an in
mate of the home at Yountville ha
must siarn an application in which ho
agrees, if he Is receiving a pension, to
turn in all future pension moneys to
the treasurer of the Institution, which
money during bi3 lifetime Is subject tu
his control. He also agrees to conform
co all rules and regulations of the
home.
Special Dispatch to Tb* Can.
All efforts were futile, however, and
the trades building was soon a heap of
ashes. There were a number of nar
row escapes from injury' by falling
timbers.
IONE, March 22-— The most dis
astrous fire that ever occurred at the
Preston School of Industry here de
stroyed the trades building at about 10
o'clock to-night. Fora time while the
flames were making a^hes of the costly
structure it was feared that every
other building, on the grounds would
be lost in the ruining blaze. The loss
is estimated at $30,000.
The fire started in the furnace-room
and gained surprisingly rapid head
way. The youthful inmates of the
other buildings were hurried from
their dormitories and lent what assist
ance they could to stay the progress
of the fire.
DENVER, March 22.— A proclama
tion was issued by Governor Peaiody
! to-night declaring the county of Las
¦ Animas in a. state of insurrection and
¦ rebellion.. isubsequently an order was
j issued for 300 Troops under ¦' command
of Major Zeph T. Hill to proceed to
Trinidad, the county seat.
The men were instructed to gather
aboard trains and their commanders
given sealed orders and told to open
them at midnight. In his ploclamation
I the Governor says that there exists in
Las Animas C6unty a certain class of
Individuals who are fully armed and
acting together, resisting, the laws of
the State and ..offering violence to
citizens and property.
The civil authorities of the county
are cuoted as authority for the state
ment that not less than 1500 unem
ployed men are armed in apparent an
ticipation of an open conflict.
Las Animas County forms the larger
portion of the Southern Colorado codl
fields, where the members of the
United Mine Workers of America have
been on strike for several months.
The new plan was formally* adopted
at a meeting of the directors which be
gan in the morning and lasted until
well into the afternoon. There were
present at this meeting President HIH,
Oeorge F. Baker. William P. Clough,
Edward H. Harriman, D. Willis James,
Daniel S. Lamont. John S. Kennedy.
George W. Perkins, N. Terhune and
"As required by the laws of the State
of New Jersey, under which the com
pany was created, a special meeting
of the shareholders has been called for
April 21, 1904, at 11 o'clock a. m., at
tbe office of the company in Hoboken.
'For the purpose of this meeting the
stock transfer books will be closed
April IS.
•The assets of the company remain
ing In its treasury after the foregoing
distribution is made will consist of
clocks and other property in no way
involved In the suit producing income
conservatively valued at an amount In
excess of J3.054.O00, to which It is pro
posed to reduce the stack of the com
pany."
" "Third— That against each share, of
the etock of this company to be sur
rendered there ¦will be delivered $33 27
s to< k of the Northern Pacific Railway
Company. $30 17 stock of the Great
Northern Railway Company, and pro
l>ortlonate amounts thereof \ for each
fraction of a share of stock.'
" •First— That the capital stock of this
company be reduced from 3,954,000
chares, now outstanding, to 39,640, be
ing a reduction of 99 per cent.
'• 'Second — That said 99 per cent of
tbe present outstanding shares be
called in for surrender and cancella
tion.
'"Therefore your directors at a meet
ing held this day have"; under the ad
vice of counsel, derided that Jn order
to fully and promptly comply with the
decree In this suit it is necessary to
reduce the capital stock of the com
pany and to distribute to its sharehold
ers the shares of stock of said rail
way companies now held by you.
"To this end they have adopted reso
lutions recommending to the stock
holders:
"The stock of the Northern Securi
ties Company was issued solely for the
Fhares of the Northern Pacific and
Great Northern Railway companies
and other properties purchased by it.
"The company's acquisition of North
ern Pacific and Great Northern shares
was made in the full belief that such
purchases were in no wise obnoxious
to any law of the United States — an
opinion which has received the ap
proval of four Justices of the Supreme
Court of the United States, namely,
Chief Justice Fuller and Associate Jus
tices Edward White, Rufus W. Peck
ham and Oliver Wendell Holmes, in
the suit brought by the United States
against the right of the company to
hold and vote the shares. However,
the majority of the court, disregarding
as irrelevant any beneficial increase of
commerce, was of the opinion that as
a matter of law your company's hold-
Ing's of the stock of the two railway
companies In Itself constituted a re
rtraint of Interstate commerce, pro
hibited by the so-called Sherman act
of IS SO. Accordingly^ the railway com
panies have been forbidden to permit
your company to vote or collect divi
dends on the shares hold by you.
CAPITAL STOCK REDUCED.
NEW YORK, March 22. — Following
& <lay of great excitement in the stock
market and numerous conferences
among the leading- financial interests,
tbe new plan of the Northern. Securi
ties Company was made pubtic Jills
evening in a circular letter to North
ern Securities* stockholders, signed by
President Hill. The letter says in part:
Bmnars Cause Stir on the Market
and Union Pacifies Have
Sensational Sale.
Inmates Are Summoned From Dormi
tories, but Efforts to Sa?e the
Structure Are Futile.
.Formidable Force of Unemployed Men
Is Said to Be Annsd for a D3S
\ P era te Conflict.
Settlement of the Controversy Likely
to Affect Inmates in Many
Other Institutions.
Capital Stock to Be Re
duced and Shares
Distributed.
Damage Done at tie Preston
School ol Industry in
Amador.
Three Hundred Militiamen
Entrain at Night for
Trinidad.
YountYille Home Test Case
Won by Claimant In
fhp Boot
me UuuU
Costly Building at
lone Is Burned
at Night
Governor Dispatches
Troops to Coal
Fields.
Norton Securities
Company to Be
Dissolved.
Napa Jurist Rente
an Important
Decision. •
FIRE RUINS
PROPERTY
OF STATE
RAILROAD
PLANS ARE
DISCLOSED
REBELLION
BREWS IN
COLORADO
SOLDIERS'
M ONEY FOR
RELATIVES
JAPAN'S FLEET SHELLS PORT ERTHUR;
RUSSIAN WARSHIPS ENGAGE THE FOE
ST. PETERSBURG, March 22,'**Japanese torpedo*boats%appeared^o last night and the shore batteries and
guardships shelled them for twenty minutes. The Japanese retreated, but reappeared four hours later, when they met with the same reception
and retired again. Jit dawn a Japanese fleet in three divisions, composed of six battle*ships, twelve cruisers and eight torpedo-boats, appeared
and the Russian squadron sailed out from the outer roadstead to meet the m. The Japanese battle*ships retired behind Liaotheshin Promontory
and commenced a bombardment of Port Jtrthur, which continued until 12:30 o f clock.
THE WEATEEE.
Forecast made at Sam Traa
clsco for thirty hours /ending:
midnisrht, March 23: / "V^,
San Francisco and vicinity—
Eain Wednesday; bri«k to Mrh
southerly winds. \t N.-''"
JL. O. KoADIE^^
District Forecaster.
Alcazar — "Far«ifal."
California — "Erik of Sweden."
Central — "The Xinsr of Detec
tives."
Colombia — "Harriet's Honey
moon."
Chute« — Vaudeville.
Tischer's — "The Ronaieri."
Grand Opera-Souse — "BSary of
Maardala."
Orpheura — Vaudeville. Mating*
To-Day.
Tivoli— "Mr. Pickwick."
THE THEAT2BS.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCV— NO. 114.
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 23, 1904.
The San Francisco Call.Headaches .From Colds.
I^AXATIVE BROMO QUININE removes tho
cause. To get the genuine call for the full name
and look for ¦ signature ol E. W. Grove. 23c. •
A Modest" Petition.
Little Johnnie had been taught to'ask
a blessing at* the table. . One morning
there was company present to break
fast, and Johnnie, being a little'enlbar
rassed, made the following, brief, peti
tion. "Oh Lord, forgive us for this
food." — Lippincott'»
JOHANNESBURG. March 22. — Up to date
the total number of deaths from bubonlo
plague is: forty-two — two white and forty col
ored persons. ._ •
"WASHINGTON. March 22. — Postmaster Gen
eral . Payne sat up for . a time to-day. The
progress toward recovery. Is tedious. .
| MANILA, March 22.— Major General "Wood
reports from Jolo that the Sultan of Sulu has
accepted the abrogation of . the Bates treaty
without any, evidence of excltemeat, and evi
dently expected th« eame since hostilities
beean la*t fail. . " .
Calif ornians in Washington.
WASHINGTON, March 22.-— The
following Calif ornians are registered
here: From San Francisco — D. E.
O'Connell, M. J. Kast, at the New Wil
lard; Nannie E. Randolph, at the
Raleigh. /:>V
Searched the Queen's Baggage.
The Qifeen of England has had an
experience, with the foreign, custom
houses for the first time in her life, and
it is said that she did not enjoy it. It
was while Bhe was returning to Eng
land from Denmark, and her thirty
trunks were thought to belong to some
one else in Belgium and thoroughly
searched. This, of course, was a grave
breach of etiquette, and some one must
have suffered besides the Queen.— New
York Tribune.
Too Much to Expect.
' Uncle 'Bijah was a great sufferer
from rheumatism.
"Why don't you do something for
it, uncle?" asked one of his white
neighbors.
' "Dat's what I'se doin', boss. Tak
hV it right along."
"Is it "helping you any?"
"Not yit, but it will. De man I git
It fum say it boun' to knock it out."
• "How long have you been taking the
medicine.?"
; " 'Bout fo' yeahs."
"Four years? And it hasn't cured
you ?"— Chicago Tribune.
IKJRT MAHOrt, UUnd of Minorca. Spain.
March '£i — Mm:<eror"*M - iHiaro arriv*-<l here
thi* morning on- the eteataer Koenic Albeit
tnd left at r > p.,' in. ' ";.
«The Princess Elizabeth, wife of
Prince Otto of Windisch-Graetz, was
reported early in December last to
have shot and kiWed an actress, Louise
Zeigler. whom she was alleged to have
found in the apartments of the Prince
in the - Windisch-Graetz palace. The
statements were officially classed as
being absolutely without foundation.
Suspected Hurchir Caucht.
Thomni ' Jackson was 'arrested late
last nightlpy Detectives s Harper and
ArmFtroju; SuilliO€k^A- up, in the tanks
at the City. Prison* on dcharge of bur
glary. wKn~"a.r rested^ JacTtison was
endeavoring to sell ! a gold . watch,
valued at SI 15. which was stolen from
Captain P. B. Benhallow of the
schooner Mary Cook on March 20.
Read Bible in Forty Hours.
"A great many people are under the
impression that it takes a long
to read the New Testament," remarked
a Kansas City preacher the other day,
"but as a matter of fact it only re
quires sixty hours for the average
reader to read the entire book; or, in
other words, I : a man were to read an
hour each day he would finish the book
inside of two months. I told this to a
business man once, and he said he
didn't believe me. Thinking it would
be a good plan to get him to read it, I
advised him to try it, and the result
was that he reported that he had read
everything in it within forty hours." —
New York Tribune.
PRINCESS ELIZABETH
GIVES BIRTH TO A SON
Stork Visits the' Homo of the Woman
. ' Who Figured in an Alleged
'."-Shoot-ins.
PRAGUE, March 22. — Princess
Elizabeth of Windisch-Graetz, grand
daughter of Emperor Francis Joseph
and of the King of Belgium, gave
birth to a son to-day.
London's Oldest Kitchen.
Perhaps the oldest relic in London of
a medieval kitchen is at Westminster
Abbey, though little remains to Indicate
it save the rubble flooring, the buttery
hatch and an adjoining cellar, now the
handsome dining hall of Canon Wllber
force. — New York Commercial.
What Women Once Couldn't Wear.
While we may pick and choose and do
exactly as we please about our clothes,
there have been, In times gone by, in
many countries, and even in our own,
what were known as "sumptuary
laws." These laws regulated expendi
ture for dress, for ornament, for food,
'or for whatever refreshments you might
give company when they came to take
tea.
Among the first of these sumptuary
laws was one made in Rome in 215
B. C, and called the "Oppian law." It
declared that no woman should possess
more than half an ounce of gold, wear
a dress of different colors, or ride' in
a vehicle'ln the city, or within a mile
of it except on occasions of public re
ligious ceremonies. The law lasted only
. twenty years.
Italy and France are the countries
where most of these laws have been
passed, and some of them read very
strangely. In 1330, in Italy, no woman
was allowed to wear a dress with fig
ures on it; she could only have them
embroidered. And in 1348 in the same
country neither dark green nor black
dresses were allowed to be worn in the
morning.— St. Nicholas.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Washington Departments Make Post
1 office Changes and Issue- •
Army Orders.
WASHINGTON, March 22. — Post
masters commissioned — California —
George A. Hensley, San Bruno. Ore
gon — Peter Cook, Ballston; Thomas H.
l Wells, Meacham. Washington — Wil
liam J. Hosford, Home Valley.
Orders of War Department: Major
Frank F. Eastman,- commissary, re
lieved of duty in the Philippines, in ef
fect August 9; proceed to San Fran
cico and report by telegraph to the
commissary general for instructions.
Major William A. Glassford, Signal
Corps, upon arrival in San Frartcisco
will report to the commanding gen
.eral for duty as signal officer in that
department during the absence on
leave of Major George O. Squires.
Upon return of Major Squires Major
Glassford will proceed to Denver and
relieve Captain William Mitchell, sig
nal officer, Department of the Colo
rado. Sergeant Willis W. James, Hos
pital Corps, Fort McDowell, Cal., is
transfered to Fort Asslnaboine, Mont.
Corporal John J. Lynch, Signal Corps,
Fort Myer, Va., sent to Seattle, Wash.,
on duty as cable operator.
Patents issued: Daniel E. Condon,
San Francisco, elevator; ; Joseph Dil
han. and E. de Mersanne, San Fran
cisco, electric time switch; "Charles A.
Dysle, Los Angeles, beef puller; Jen
nie A. Edwards, heating device; Alex
ander Hamilton, Alhambra, gate for
fruit chutes; James O. Larrabee, Oak
land, i umbrella rib connections; Ze
phire J. Lefevre, Los Gatos, dia
phragm for sound producing instru
ment?;^ Charles F.. Miers, Ager, shoe
lace fastener; Henry Root, San Fran
cisco, fire barrier wall partition; John
J. Stephenson, Winters, cooler; Wil
liam; Ulses, Los Angeles,' scraping
plane; Joshua M. Younger, Oakland,
oil burner.
Oil Joints of Your Umbrella.
A former peddler, now a rich insur
ance man, stood in a sheltered corner
during a big storm and watched the
umbrellas go to pieces as the wind hit
them full force. "Probably all those
umbrellas are wrecks because of the
lack of a little oil," he said. "That's a
trick I learned as a peddler." An um
brella is primarily a , thing of joints,
and to keep it. in good condition the'
joints should be oiled. I found that
nearly all umbrellas break in the joints
first, and why shouldn't they? The
joints are never oiled, and yet are ex
pected to respond easily to sudden
opening. To get the best use out of
an umbrella the joints should be oiled
first with coal oil or kerosine, to clean
off the rust, and then with a lubricat
ing oil to make them work easily. Thus
treated an umbrella framework will
last indefinitely."— Wilkesbarre Leader.
SEVERAL ARE INJURED
IN A TRAIN DISASTER
out ou tlie Line in • Tulare
County. •
Santa Fe Express Runs Into a Wash-
REEDLEY. March 22.— The Santa Fe
eastbound overland express ran into a
washout south of here, in Tulare Coun
ty, this morning. The train .was turned
over on its side and. several passengers
were injured, none fatally. The train
broke through a bridge over an irrigat
ing ditch. The -engine and baggage car
passfd over safely. The mail car and
Fmoker sank into the hole and were
badly broken up. The remainder of the
train left the track and turned over.
The passengers who were hiirt were in
the smoker*
The injured are: Unknown man, two
ribs broken: Conductor C. L. Fillan.
hip sprained,' elbows 1 .hurt; Express
.MeBsenjrfrJf- P.'femalC hand injured;
Edmoti<J Clarjc of Kentucky, head and
hand Jjurt;" A, rMaloafly ¦ Qf .J3akcrefield,
left srm> bruised; C«uT\l?eck. of Twin
City, Iqwa,r knee ,«jprained; Tom Tracy,
fact cut/aod jarnrTbruisejdl .. V~
REBEL LEADER YUAN
3L\KES DIRE THREATS
Chinese Brigand Says lie Will March
to the Ocean . and Destroy
Christians.
SHANGHAI, March 22. — A procla
mation of the rebel leader. Yuan, who,
at the head of a thousand opium
smuKgters, recently defeated a de
tachment'"of Chinese troops near
ChanfjkinET, province of Szechuan,
says he .ha3, r no , Intention of causing
trouble to, the 'Chinese or to foreigners
in China, but -being determined to
eradicate the false, foreign religion,
he will raise 10,000 men, march to the
western ocean and destroy the Chris
tian religion of foreign countries. The
proclamation especially condemns the
Roman Catholics.
Deer in Snow.
Deer had a comparatively easy time
in December and January, considering
the stormy weather which is gener
ally experienced in the Highlands of
Scotland in these months. Then most
unexpectedly one smart snowstorm
followed another and the condition of
the stags, especially in the little-wood
ed forests, became a matter of grave
anxiety. The Field states that in spite
of hand feeding many deer now pre
sent a sorry appearance. In the larger
and better forests artiflicial feeding is
now being carried on on a liberal scale.
At one particular spot in a certain
forest no fewer than 300 stags are reg
ularly fed every day and have already
become familiar with the call of their
feeders. — London Globe.
Couldn't Take in Ezra Fox.
"I went up to the city Saturday,"
sez Ezra Fox, a'borrowin' a crackin'
match to-dav from Alec Knox. "I
thought that Jes fer fun I'd try a big
hotel, you see, an* so I walked on into
one — no more o£ 'era fer me. The first
blamed thing, a soldier boy run up an'
grabbed my grip, an' would 'a' stole
it, but you bet I landed him a clip. He
fell a-sprawlln' on the floor a-shakin'
like a leaf. I hung onto that grip an'
sez, 'Git out, you little thief.' Well,
then I ast 'em fer a room. A feller
sez, 'Well, we ud like to have yer
name In lnki' I sez, ' 'Not much— not
me. I've dealt with sharks an' sech
before. Oh, I'm a wise old goat — I
know yer game — you want my name
to put over a note.' The clerk he
smiled an' I got sore. I turned around
right quick an' got me straight out of
there. The thlevin' gang looked sick.
I hiked down to the depot, friends,
where things, I.knowed, was right, an*
took a seat right by the 4oor an' slept
there through the night. I tell you
what, they ain't no doubt," sez Ez,
"that them hotels is full of sharks an'
thieves that's dressed like soldier
boys an' swells. I'm goin* to keep away
frum 'era. They're crooked ez can be.
I'll always take the depot, friends. It's
good enough fer me."— Paw Paw (Mo.)
Bazoo.
OREGON* MILLIONAIRE
ACCUSED OF LAND FRAUD
Indictments Are Found Against Six
Persons by the Grand -Jury ill
Portland.
WASHINGTON, March 22.— The In
terior Department to-day received the
following dispatch from Portland, Ore.,
dated to-day, reporting the latest de
velopments of the investigation of the
public land frauds in the West:
"Charles Cunningham, the million
aire stockman o£ Eastern Oregon, and
six homesteaders procured by hin* in
dicted to-day for conspiracy."
PORTLAND, Ore., March 22.—Al
though the indictments have not been
reported to Judge Bellinger of the
United States Circuit Court, it is un
derstood here that the Grand Jury,
which has been in session for several
days investigating land fraud cases in
this State, returned indictments
against Charles Cunningham, one of
the largest sheep raisers and stock
growers in Eastern Oregon, and six
others for' conspiracy to defraud the
Government in the matter of obtaining
lands.
TRAGEDIES ARE MANY
IN THE TOWNS OF TEXAS
Epidemic of Murder and Suicide 'in
a Single Day in the Ixme
Star State.
• HOUSTON, Tex., March 22. — There
was an unusual number of tragedies
on, Texas soil to-day, an epidemic of
suicide and murder having seemingly
broken out. At Fort Worth John Wil
bur Duboise, aged 43, shot .himself.
At El Paso "Max Wunderwalt, a boiler
maker, slew his wife, two children
and himself with ' a revolver. Mat
Taylor, aged 21, a butcher, blew out
his brains at Houston. '
At Temple A. Chandler entered the
telephone office, where his wife was
employed as chief operator, shot her
three times and then fired three bul
lets into Manager William McLaugh
lin, to whom she was talking. At
Fairfield eight persons drank water
poisoned by unknown persons. Jas
per Lenox and two children are dead.
Near Whitfield Joe Grimes was kill
ed by negroes as an outcome of race
troubles.
WASHINGTON, March 22.— The Sen
ate spent the greater part of the day
on the Indian appropriation bill. Lodge*
took exception to the provision ex
empting candidates for the position of
Indian agency farmers frbm civil ser
vice examination,' and, on^his sugges-"
tion the amendment was passed over
without "action. \.y}*- ..,'.¦ X
' Later .in< the, day Senator-elect Dick
of Ohio appeared In J : he Senate cham
ber. He went ' direct to' Senator Fora
ker's seat ' and was cordially greeted," 1
but their conference" was cufe short by~
the announcement of an ;«cecutive ses
sion, from>which Dick', not yet having
bad the path of olfice, was excluded
under the rules of the Senate. The first
discussion was in connection with the
bill over .the House provision permit
ting superintendents of Indian schools
to act as Indian agents. Spooner
called attention to the fact that school
superintendents are appointed as the
result of civil service examinations,
whereas Indian agents are appointed
by the President and confirmed by the
Senate. He said that to adopt the
resolution would be for the Senate to
abandon its functions. The resolution
was defended by Stewart, Dubois and
Platt of Connecticut, as calculated to
promote the service in the conduct of
business at. the agencies. .
The provision was amended by strik
ing out the word "hereafter," which
has the effect of confining the opera
tion of the clause to the next fiscal
year. . ."..-.
Lodge made a point of order. against
the amendment relieving the agency
farmers from civil service examination.
Messrs. Stewart, McCumber, Teller
and Platt of ponhecticut contended
that the provision is necessary in order
to procure efficient service, and said
that a collegiate education is not neces
sary to efficiency in teaching agricul
ture to the Indians.
Gorman: criticized the provision as
showing a tendency to get away from
the requirements of the' civil service
law*.,; He 'referred to reported utter
ances -by: Admiral Walker in favor of
¦the suspension of the law in its appli
cation to the isthmian canal commis
sion.
Spooner supported the, amendment,
paying that to require farmers and
stockmen of the aliens to pass civil
service is "absolute nonsense" and
away beyond the intention of the orig
inal civil service reformers. Gorman
said he agreed^largely 'with Spooner's
.view, but Congress did * not act by
piecemeal In modifying the civil ser
vice laws.
At Lodge's request the amendment,
together with that of a similar na
ture relating to the employment of
matrons at Indian agencies, was
passed over.
The committee amendments author
izing the Commission on Indian ?Af
fairs to exercise supervision of the
renting of homesteads and surplus
lands by the Creek, Choctaw, Chlcka
saw and Cherokee Indians in Indian
Territory, requiring the recording of
all leases of land by the five civilized
tribes, and authorizing the Secretary
of the Interior to dispossess lessees
claiming leases obtained by fraud or
by inadequate consideration, were
stricken from the bill on points of
order.
Without completing: th« reading of
the bill the Senate at 5 p. m. went into
executive session and at 5:15 ad
journed.
WASHINGTON, \ March 22.— General
Instructions to the members of the
Isthmian Canal Commission, contained
in a letter from President Roosevelt
to the. commission under date of
March 8, were read at a meeting to
day. They are as follows:
I have appointed you as the commission
which Is. to undertake the most Important and
also the most formidable engineering feat that
has hitherto teen attempted. You are to do
the work, the doing of which, if well done,
will reflect high honor upon this nation, and
when done will be of incalculable benefit, not
only to this nation, but to civilized mankind.
As you yourselves must Individually know, I
have chosen you with reference to nothing save
my belief, after full and patient inquiry, that
you are among all the available men of whom
I have knowledge those best fitted to bring
this great task to a successful conclusion.
You have been chosen because of your personal
and professional reputations for Integrity and
ability. You represent th« whole country.
You represent neither section nor party. I
have not sought to find out the politics of a
single one of you, and, indeed, as to the ma
jority of you I have not the slightest Idea
what your political affiliations are.
I believe that each one of you will serve
not merely with entire fidelity, but with the
utmost efficiency. If at any time I feel that
any one of you is not rendering the best ser
vice whicn It Is possible to procure, I shall
feel called upon to disregard alike my feelings
for the man and the man's own feelings and
forthwith to substitute for him on the commis
sion seme other man whom I deem capable of
rendering better service. Moreover. I shall
expect, if at any time any one of you feels that
the work is too exhausting and engrossing for
him to do In the best possible manner, that
he will of his own accord so Inform me. In
order that I may replace him by some man
who to the requisite ability joins the will and
the strength tc give all the effort needed. But
so long aa you render efficient service of the
highest type in the work you are appointed to
perform you may rest assured of my hearty
support and backing in every way.
WANTS BUSINESS METHODS.
These are the conditions under which you
have been appointed and under which I shall
expect you to proceed. I shall furthermore
expect you to apply precisely the same prin
ciples in the choice and retention of the sub
ordinates who do the work under you as I
have applied In your choice, and shall apply
in your retention. I shall expect you to ap
point no man for reasons other than your
belief In the aid he can render you In digging
the canal. If, having appointed any man.
you find that your expectations about him ar\j
not fulfilled or that Iron: nny reason he falls
short of his duty. I shall expect you to ills
miss him out of hand; I shall expect that
under such circumstances you will pay not
ths slightest heed to any backing or influence
the man may have. I assume as a matter
o! course tha* In dealing with contractors you
will act on precisely the principles which
would apply In any great private business
undertaking. There Is no man among you to
whem I think It 13 necessary to say a word
a3 to the standard of honesty to be exacted
frcm every employe or contractor: for If I
had the slightest ground for suspicion that
there were need to say such a word to any
of you I should not have appointed him. But
I do wish to emphasize the need of unceasing
vigilance in the performance of this great
work.
QUESTION* OP SANITATION".
As to the details ot the work Itself. I have
but little to say. It is to be done as expe
ditlnusiy as- possible, , and as economically ae
Is consistent with thoroughness There Is one
matter to which I ask your special attention —
the question of sanitation and hygiene. You
•will take measures to secure the best medical
experts for this purpose whom you can ob
tain, and you will. o( course, make the con
tractors submit as implicitly as your own
employes to all the rules and regulations or
you will find it best to have on» head for
this medical department, but that 1 shall
leave to your own Judgment.
The plans are to be carefully made, with
a view to the needs not only ot the moment
but of the future. The expenditures are to be
supervised as rigorously as if they were being
made for a private corporation dependent fcr
Its profits upon the returns. You are to se
cure the best talent this country can afford
to meet the conditions created by every need
which may arise The methods for achieving
the results must be yours. What this nation
will Insist upon lj> that the results be achieved.
THEODORE ROOSEVELT.
To the Isthmian Canal Commission.
WASHINGTON, March 22.— Outside
of a few routine matters the House
devoted' the entire day to further dis
cussion of the postoflice appropriation
bill, but disposed of only one page of
the bill. . .. ' - •
Mr. Butler of Pennsylvania endeav
ored unsuccessfully to have passed an
amendment to transfer back to the of
fice of the First Assistant Postmaster
General jurisdiction of the free deliv
ery and rural delivery service, which
caused Mr. Moon of Tennessee, the
ranking minority member of the com
mittee, to administer a rebuke to those
members who are trving to take the
Fourth Assistant Postmaster General's
duties given him under the law. He
said there was a motive behind it all
and that certain members, chafing un
der the recent report of the Postofflce
Department, are seeking to punish
Bristow for discovering frauds in an
other bureau of the department.
An amendment by Mr. Tawney of
Minnesota, which was agreed to, pro
hibits the Postmaster General from or
dering out of postoflices telephone com
panies other than the Bell Telephone
Company.
Charles B. Landis of Indiana called
attention to what he said was the ri
diculous practice of the department in
renting canceling machines, and of
fered an amendment for their purchase
outright. During the last year he said
the department spent $176,000 for this
purpose. He spoke of a machine which
he said could be bought outright by
the Government for $325. In four
years, he said, the rental of each ma
chine in the service amounted to $1600.
Mr. . Stafford of Wisconsin opposed
the amendment and said the committee
appointed, to investigate the subject
had recommended against purchasing
machines, because they are soon worn
out.
Mr. Overstreet also opposed the
amendment, saying the cost would be
enormously increased should the Gov
ernment be unable to purchase the ma
chines. The Landis amendment was
agreed to, 64 to 38. ;• ;;.....
The resignation of Charles Dick, a
Representative from Ohio, to take ef
fect at noon to-morrow, .was read.
At 5:32 the House adjourned.
Social Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. March 22.— Judge Mar
tin _T. .McMason, who has returned to
New York, said to The Call correspond
ent to-day:
"I have no special means of knowing
whd will be elected superintendent of
the Soldiers' Home at Los Angeles. The
office is not appointive. The various su
perintendents are elected by joint reso
lution of Congress for a term of six
"years. There are eleven of them, and
the President of the United States, the
Secretary of War and the Chief Justice
of the- Supreme Court are ex-offlcio
members.
5- "I have heard General Shaf ter's name
most favorably mentioned for the of
fice, , also that of ex-Governor Mark
ham and Colonel Smedberg. Naturally
the members of the House Military
Committee have much to say concern
ing the selection, and as their report is
almost invariably adopted by the
House and Senate the choice practically
rests with them. My own term expires
next month, together with four others',
but I have heard nothing to indicate
whether the committee has decided
whom to elect."
Judge Martin McMason Tells
of the persons Who Are
Most FrequentlyMentioned
Mr. Roosevelt Urges the
Commission to Employ
Only Men of High Ability
Resignation of Charles Dick
of Ohio From Lower Body
Is to Take Effect To-Day
Dispute Arises Over Clause
Allowing School Superin
tendents to Act as Agents
PROVISIONS CRITICIZED
POSTAL BILL DEBATED
PROMINENT MEN IN LINE
EXPRESSES CONFIDENCE
Senators Enter Into Lively
Debate on Excluding Civil
Service From the Agencies
Representatives in Congress
Are Accused of. Improper
Motives iii Bristow Case
Choice of Superintendent of
the Los Angeles Soldiers'
Home Is Still in Doubt
President Sends a Letter to
Members Formally Direct
ing Them to Proceed
REBUKE RINGS
IN THE HOUSE
INDIAN BILL
IS DISCUSSED
CANAL BOARD
IS INSTRUCTED
SEVERAL SEEK
COVETED PLACE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', WEDNESDAY, MARCH 23, 1904.
2
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
- ; ORDER F*OR THE
GREAT TWENTIETH CENTURY COOK BOOK.
Mail This Order to Th« San Francisco Call With 788.
• *
The San Francisco Call. "
5 : Sari Francisco. Cal.:
Inclosed herewith please find 75c, for which send me on*
copy of The Call's Great Twentieth Century Cook Book. (Fifty
Cents is The Call's Premium rate to all its six-month subscrib-
ers to the •laily and Sunday paper, and the additional 25c i*
to prrpa v - tnJppinR charges.)
SIGNEr . V „
STREET . — • ..-..—
STATE
visit DR. JORDAN'S great j)
MUSEUM OF AHATOHYt
£Z& . 1051XA2XXTg;.ta.8*tf£,3.r.Ct!.^
Cj_ The Larpctt Anatomical Museum in ih t \
i»R_ ' World. Vraakoeues or i.iy contracted A
SScW di»ea« r .«tll»«-l 7 rarwl hy the olden T
I IJgjBl !>peei»li«o0 iheCoii-_ Ejl ]4 ycin. Q
fifjlfS DR. JDHDAN-D'SEASES OF MEN A
»(5fS^fj Conwjltition free and strictly prime. \
I jKwL £1 Treatment personally or by letter. A Q
B W Si If f—<tin <\r» in eTe;y em nndemken. T
F II II A Writ* for Book. PUlLOKUPnV »t A
'I II ' ¦anniACK. mailed i'ree. (xy
Q f£ »»!u»ble book for men) \
DO.JOBDAH * CO.. 1051 Market St. 8. P. V
AmTTn ¦Tnamra iirfr m rmn "Ti i TTrmfrr iTi r
Spring Humors
Cause many troubles— pimples, boils
and other eruptions, besides loss of
appetite, that tired feeling, fits of
biliousness, indigestion 'and headache.
Th- -./ay to get rid, of them and to
build up the system that has suffered
from them is to take
Hood's Sarsaparilla
and Pills i^k
Forming in Combination the Spring
Medicine, par excellence, unequalled
for purifying the blood as shown by-
radical and permanent cures of|
Scrofula Salt Rheum
Scald Head Boils, Pimple*
All Kinds of Humor Psoriasis
Blood Poisoning BJxenmatlsm
Catarrh. Dyspepsia, Etc.
Testimonials of remarkable cures mailed
on request. C. I. HOOD CO., Lowell, Mass.
THOUSANDS HAVE . MO
TROUBLE HI DON'T K1W IT
¦tl \mim- lt|IJ lib—^^
-¦'•'• ' :¦•¦¦ : -- : " •-(¦.: t 1 * -'-¦' ' t ' ' *. : ';¦ I ¦* — *' I/" I
::::•¦:::•.: '."*""¦¦:¦ :::: : ...*'*«i! ; ;":;'::::.'. :;¦•.. "¦'¦ ¦' ¦ \ ¦ : ;: - : : |-| ::;;:::.:;:;;:::.:; ";;"':t5Siil ! .iv'r:Jiu:l:!: .''.'"' "".i:;"i!V'I'iiT)F i
To Prove what Swamp-Root, the Great Kidney Remedy,
Will Do for YOU, Every Reader of "The Call" May
Have a Sample Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
Weak and unhealthy kidneys are responsible for more sickness
end suffering than any other disease -therefore, when, through
neglect o" o*. he.- causes, kidney trouble is permitted to continue,
lalal results arc sure to follow.
Vour other organs may need attention— but your kidneys most,
because they do most and need attention first.
if you arc sick op 'feel badly," begin taking Dr. Kilmer's
t»v% amp- Root, the great kidney. liver and bladder remedy, because
as soon as our kidneys begin to get better they will help all the
other organs to health. A trial will convince any one.
The mild and immediate effect of brickdust or sediment in the urine.
Swamp-Root, the great kidney and headache, backache, lame back, dizzi-
bladder remedy, is soon realized. It ness, sleeplessness, nervousness, heart
stands the highest for its wonderful disturbance due to bad kidnev trouble,
cures of the most distressing cases, skin eruptions from bad blood. neural-
Swamp- Root will set your whoie sys- gia. rheumatism, diabetes, bloatine. lr-
tem rit^ht. and the best proof of this ritability. worn-out feeline. lack of am-
is a trial. bition. loss of flesh, sallow complexion.
Z3 cottage ST.. melrose! mass. or Bright's disease.
- P*" r fctr: j K « h J * n ' 1 i U fk<i J more *J vour water - when allowed to re-'
or iell r icidnev trouble! Vnd^within th* 'pa" main undisturbed in a glass or bottle for
v*nr it ber»m*- so seven? and complicated that twenty-four hours, forms a sediment or
I *ufTer*d tverythin* and was much alarmed— _-*»«*' __ i., e _ -i n ,.j v 3T tnnnnrp it
my ttr<?:urth and power was f»»t leavinc me. settling or nas a CJOuay appearance, u
i *a» ¦¦ Kdvrtjt^rrw-nt of swarcn-Hoot and js that your kidneys and
w-rote asking for «dvic«. I began the u ?e of U!,HHi»r ru>e \ immi»Hiate attention
the mnilrine and not»-d a decided improvement Dlaaaer TlCtCl lmmeaiaie aue.iuun.
after taking Swamp-Root only a short time. Swamp-Root is the great discovery Ol
I c^iticued its us- and am thankful lo ?ay r\- Afilmor tVi#» kiHnpv and
that i am e«ur«iy cured and rtrong. in orter Ur. «vilmer, trie eminent Kiancy ana
to be very sure about this, 1 had a doctor ex- bladder Specialist. Hospitals USe it
Sc.rH\>rruht^d r ,n^&ir^Iu^ wi t, h wonderful success in both slight
i knew that your Swamp-R.jot is purely yrg- and severe cases. Doctors recommend
stable and <5oea cot contain any harmful jt to their patients and use it in their
£%* ££££££?* SwamiS'rrjr^: own families, because they recognize
rererm. i ara." Very truly rqari. in Swamp-Root the greatest and most
I. c. richardsox. mcccss hi\ remedy.
Yo-j may have a sample bottle of this Swamp-Root is pleasant to take and
famous kidney remedy. Swamp-Root, is for sale at drug stores the world i
sent free by mail, post-paid, by which over in bottles of two sizes and two !
jo*.i may test its virtues for such dis- prices — fifty cents and one dollar. Re- j
orders as kidney, bladder and uric acid member the name. Swamp-Root, Dr. j
diseases, poor digestion, behi£ obliged Kilmer's Swamp-Ro'ot.. and the ad- ;
to pass your water frequently night and dress Binghamton, N. Y., on every j
day, srr.arting or irritation in passing, bottle.
EDITORIAL NOTE.— So successful is Swamp-Root in promptly
curing even the most distressing cases of kidnev. liver or bladder trou-
ble?, that to prove its wonderful merits you may have a sample bottle
and a book of valuable information, both sent absolutely free by mail. The
book contains many ol the thousands upon thousands of testimonial let-
ters received from men and women cured. The value and success of
Swamp-Root is so well known that o^.: readers are advised to send for a
sample bottle. In sending vour address to Dr. Kilmer & Co.. Binsham-
ton, N. Y., be sure to sav vou-read thjs generous offer in the San Fran-
cisco Daily Call. The proprietor of this paper guarantees the genuineness
of this offer.
WHAT TEA DOES TO
RHEUMATICS.
When you next take tea. think of th!«.
Tea contains 1T5 grains of Uric Acid
In every potinct
Meat contains only flve to seven
(rains.
Rheumatism I« Uric Acid In the blood.
UrJc Acid accumulates from food when
the digestive apparatus ear.not create
enough Alkaline elements (like soda) to
neutralize It.
This Add collects urea, or worn-out
waste matter, from the system.
That Urea enters the blood when Alka-
line action has not previously dis-
solved it.
By and by the waste matter reaches
the joints and muscles, through circula-
tion of the blood.
There It gradually deposits in solid
particles, like' granulated sugar.
These solid particles grind between
the Joints and muscles at every move-
ment.
This grinding causes Irritation and
pain.
These in turn may develop inflamma-
tion and swelling. That inflammation
bestirs Nature to help herself.
. She proceeds to coat the hard Uric par-
ticles over with cushions of pulpy mu-
cous, like the first healing strata of an
outer sore.
This pulpy covering grows to th«
bones, as well as to the particles deposit-
ed. There it hardens like plaster or
sealing wax. Then we have "'bony
Joints, almost inflexible, and usually
fixed in a bonded position, from the paia
and inflammation.
That is Rheumatism at its worst.
It is bad enough before it gets that
far.
There is but one sure way of curing
Rheumatism. The flrst step Is to neutral-
ize the Uric Acid already in the system.
Next, to dissolve, and carry away, the
hard deposits that grind between the
joints. Then get the digestive apparatus
Into such healthy condition that it will,
unaided, produce less Uric Acid, and
more Alkaline*.
This is what Doctors generally hav«
failed to do.
It Is what I studied a lifetime to ac-
complish, and achieved only after many
failures and thousands of experiments.
At last I found, in Germany, a Solvent
which was not only effective, but abso-
lutely safe to use.
Few agents powerful enough to be ef-
fective in Rheumatism are safe.
My discovery, now called "Dr. Shoop n
Rheumatic Cure." acts directly, but in-
ternally, .upon Uric Acid in the Joints
and muscles.
It dissolves, and carries off. the pain-
ful deposits, producing an immediate Al-
kaline condition of the blood, and neu-
tralizing the Acid in it which would
have fed the Rheumatism and extended
the disease.
It won't restore bony joints to flpxibil-
Ity. and it can't undo,- in a week. th«
damage caused by years of rheumatic
condition.
But it will benefit every cas». and it
will entirely cure most cases of Rheuma-
tism.
So sum am I of this, that I will supply
Dr. Snoop's Rheumatic Cure, to any sick
one who writes me for it. on a month's
trial, at my risk.
If it succeeds, the cost to him is only
$5.50 for the six bottl- treatment.
If it fails. I bear the whole cost my-
self.
And — he alone shall be the Judge—
shall decide who shall pay.
Surely you will not continue to suffer
when you can thus get well, at my risk.
I have written an important Treatis*
on Rheumatism, telling of its relief and
cure.
It is free to Rheumatic people.
Write me a post card for It to-day.
Address Dr. Shoop, box 3630, Racine.
Wls.
P. S.— Simple cases ojten yield to one
bottle of Dr. Shoop" s Rheumatic Cure.
(Druggists $i. ) But all druggists da
not supply it on a month's trial. Von
must write to me for that. C. I. S.
DK. KILMER'S SWA-2IP-BOOT.
DB. SHOOP'S BEMEDIES.
li}CLUETT,PEABODY&CO. gj
P<*-J MAKERSt Or _, t£ \J
j§ CLUCTT and ARROW COLLARS J
|ASTHMANOLA|
Is the only cure tor Narvous and
Bronchial ASTHMA.
Tour Druggist or at 593 IIAIUHT ST..
San Francisco. Cal.
OMAN TBATEI.
e Steamers leav» Broadway
wharves. Piers 9 and 11.
San Francisco. - •
For Ket Chilean, "U'ranjpl.
Junean. Halnes, Skagway.
etc., Alaska— 11 a. m.. Mar.
26. 31. Apr. 5. Change to
Company's steamers at Seat-
tle.
For Victoria, Vaneou-ver,
Port Townsend. Seattle. Tacoma, Everett. Bel-
llngham — 11 a. m.. Mar. 2«. 31. Apr. S. Chang*
at Seattle to this company's steamers for Alas-
ka and G. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Tacoma to
N. P. Ry. : at Vanccuvrr to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka iHumlmldt Bay)— Pomona, 1:S9
p. m.. Mar. 23. 20. Apr. 4. Spokane. 1:30 p.
m.. Mar. 'M. Apr. 1.
For Los Angrlei (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo), San Diego and Santa Barbara — San-
ta Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For L09 Angeles (via San Pedro and Kast
Pan Pedro), Santa Barbara, Santa Cms. Mon-
terey, San Slmecn. Cayucos, Port Harfonl (Saa
Luis Obispo). Ventura ami Hueneme.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Mar. 24. Apr. 1.
Bonita. 9 a. m.. Mar. 23. Apr. 5.
For Ensftia'la. Magdalena Bay. San Joae d«l
Cabo, Maz.1tl.1n. Altata, La Paz. Santa ft ¦>-
salla. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 11. m.. 7th each
month. For further Information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to change steamers or sailing
dates*.
TICXET OFFICES — 4 New Montcom-
ery st. (Palace Hotel). 10 Market st. and Broad*
way wharves. Freight office. 10 Market st.
C. B*. DCXAXX. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sutter St.. will
call for and check baggage from hotels and
residences. Telephone Exchange S12.
O. R. & N. CO.
OREGON salla March 23. April 7. 17. 27.
May 7. 17 and 27. GEO. W. ELDER sails
Match 23. April 2. 12. 22. May 2. 12 and 22.
Only steamship line to PORTLAND. OR., and
short rail line from Portland to all points
East. Through tickets to all points. Steamer
tickets Include berth and meals. Steamer sails
foot of Spear St., at 11 a. m. 3. F. BOOTH.
Gen. Agt. Pass. Dept., 1 Montgomery st. ; C.
"CLIFFORD. Gen. Agent Freight Dept., 3
Montgomery st.
oeeanies.s.c6.E?gs
8. 8. SONOMA, for Honolulu. 8amoa. Auck-
land and Sydney, Thur.. March 24 2 p. m.
S. S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Apr. 2. 11 a m.
S. 3. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Apr. 23. It a.m.
J.D.SPHICIELS k BEQI CO. JLZtS.,TiCfcBt 03C8 643 Mar-
ftt st, FiBigut once 323 Maftst st. , Pier 7, Pacifc st '
COSPAONIE GE3SUALE TR1H3ATLARTIQUX.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-F%RI3. » A1 _
Sailing every Thursday instead of j'^'m
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42.
North River, foot of Morton St.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
ond class lo Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL. AGFNCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudscn building).
New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast
Agents, 3 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
Mara Island and Valla Jo stmmexa.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO—
0:45 a. m.. 3:15 and s-.:;o p. m., except Sunday.
Sunday. 0:45 ft., m., 8:30 p. m. Leave Vallejc
7 a. m.. 12:30 and 6 p. m.. except Sunday. Sun.
day, 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare, 50 cents. Tel.
Main 1503. Pter 2. Mlsaicn-st. dock. UATCU
BROS.Oscar Hug. a remittance man from
Germany, who lives at 12 Collinsr
wood street, reported to Policeman D.
Matheson about 3 o'clock yesterday
morning that H. Morton Goodman of
3.18 Turk street had picked his pock
ets. Goodman was . placed under ar
rest and while tn the wasron on the
way to the Central police station
dropped a purse. The purse contained
$50 and was identified by Hug as hia
property.
II. Morton Goodman Arrested.
James W. Erwin of the California
Camera Club gave an interesting lec
ture on Japan and the Japanese peo
ple ¦with references to the Japanese-
Russian war In the auditorium of the
Young Men's Christian Association
last evening. The entertainment was
given for the "benefit of the Oriental
and Japanese Woman's Home, and as
there was a large audience In attend
ance, the society will doubtless realize
a handsome profit by Erwln's efforts.
Erwin Tells of Japanese.
Harry C. Pennington was recalled to
testify that as far as he knew the
only box of candy In the Pennington
home on August 9, 1898, was that which
was received by Mrs. Dunning and
which Is an exhibit in the case. •
Dr. Theodore R. Wolfe. State chem
ist for Delaware and professor of chem
istry at the' Delaware , State Univer
sity, was the next witness. He it was
who made the analysis ef three pieces
of candy taken from the box by Dr.
Bishop and submitted to Dr. Wolfe.
The chemist testified that he broke the
three pieces and extracted : from : them
several lumps of white, crystallized sub
stance. Then he treated the candy to
five recognized tests for the discovery
of arsenic and succeeded in recovering
.42 of a grain from It. Subsequently
he tested the lumps removed from the
candy and found them to J3e arsenic,
weighing 11.66 grains. • He stated that
a fatal dose of arsenic was from two
to four grains, varying as regards the
condition of the system.
- In making the analysis he used the
Marsh test; the Reinch test, a pecu
liarly delicate one; the manganese test;
the charcoal reduction test and 'the
sulphuretted hydrogen test, and with
all of these arsenic .was -found in the
candy after the removal of Hhe'lumps,
and the lumps also were ascertained
to be arsenic The results of all of his
Knight started to air some of his
recently acquired medical knowledge,
but he found Dr. Downs so thoroughly
Intrenched at all points in medical mat-*
ters that the attorney quickly aban
doned this line "of attack. He finally
succeeded in bringing out that the doc
tor did not regard lump arsenic and
powdered arsenic as essentially differ
ent, both being chemically the same
and differing only mechanically. Much
stress was laid on this point by the
defense, as it is purposed to show that
the arsenic In the candy was lump ar
senic, which is not readily obtainable
at pharmacies. Dr. Downs also ad
mitted that he had been promised $500
in addition to his expenses for his 'trip
westward and the consequent loss of
business.
Dr. Pressley S. Downs, a graduate of
the University of Pennsylvania and a
medical practitioner for twenty-five
years, proved an entirely different kind
of witness, and Attorney Knight
handled him gingerly and cautiously.
Dr. Downs was called to the bedside of
Mrs. Dunning the morning after the
death of Mrs. Deane. After an exam
ination he at once positively diagnosed
the case as one of arsenical poisoning,
and so informed Dr. Bishop. He said
he had not the slightest doubt of it and
did not need an autopsy to convince
him, but thought one should have been
made as a matter of corroboration. He
described the symptoms at length and
made intelligent differentiations be
tween ptomaine and arsenical poison
ing and cholera morbus.
tlon to his expenses for coming to the
coast to testify in the case. He Identi
fied the box of candy in evidence as the
same as that he had seen in the Pen-:
nington home, and testified to taking
five pieces of the candy to Dr. Wolfe
for analysis. He gave as a reason why
he did not perform autopsies on the
bodies of the dead women that the
family objected to such a course. He
admitted that he had made a mistake,
and said that he should have overruled
the objection. His testimony the
morning session.
Had no doubts.
He had previously met Mrs. Botkin
at the Baldwin Hotel pharmacy, where
he had been introduced to her by ont
of the clerks. Grey was rather weak
in his identification of Mrs. Botkin
yesterday, although he stated that as
far as he could judge she was the
same woman who purchased from him
two ounces of arsenic nearly six years
drug store, where he was employed as
a pharmacist, and purchased two
ounces o* arsenic, stating that she
wished to use it, for the purpose of
bleaching straw -hats. He fixed the
occurrence In his mind largely by the
poison record of the store, wherein
there was an entry of sale of two
ounces of arsenic to "Mrs. Bothin,"
who gave her residence as the "Victoria
Hotel, corner of Hyde and California
streets.
tests were attached to a large card,
together with the vial containing the
arsenic recovered. This was introduced
in evidence. *
Attorney Knight made no attempt
to cross-examine Dr. Wolfe on his
analyses, but he went deeply into the
question as to the difference between
lump and powdered arsenic. The chem
ist explained that arsenic in its manu
facture was an incrustation on the
walls of a cooling chamber, on which
it was deposited. This was broken off
and subsequently reduced to whatever
fineness was desired. In answer to the
question as to whether or not lump
arsenic was readily procurable at phar
macies the chemist stated that he did
not knoiv, although It was widely dis
tributed as an article-of commerce.
Bernard J. McVey, who at the time
NOTED EASTERN CHEMIST WHO FOUND LARGE QUANTITIES OF ARSENIC IN CANDT SENT TO MRS. JOHN P. DUN
NING. PHARMACIST WHO BOLD MRS. BOTKIN" ARSENIC TWO MONTHS BEFORE THE MURDER, AND NEW WIT
NESS WHO SLTPLIES MISSING LINK DUE TO JOHN B. PENNINGTON' H DEATH.
Mrs. Jane Armstrong, who has a
lodging-house at S41 Third street, ob
tained a warrant from Police Judge
Mogan yesterday for the arrest of Wil
liam Dockrlll. one of her roomers, on a
charge of mayhem. She said that
Dockrill's rent was overdue and she
visited his room yesterday morning
and made a demand for it. Dockrlll,
she alleged, got her right hand in his
mouth and chewed her fingers till her
screams made. him desist.
Refuses to Pay Rent.
• A. Hatt Jr., who is the defendant In
a suit for an accounting and for the
appointment of a receiver to take
charge of the affairs of the Nap at
River Steamship Company, of which
he is one of the owners, which suit
was filed by H. G. Bell and G. H.
Munk, yesterday filed an answer to the
suit.' He makes a general denial of
the charges of mismanagement made
by the plaintiffs and asks that their
prayer be denied. He avers, also, that
Munk, who is his co-defendant, is In
league with the plaintiffs and simply
poses as a defendant In order that the
suit may be heard in the local courts
Instead of the co«irts of Napa County.
Hatt Denies Bell's Charges.
fa
He was not very clear on the differ
ence in symptoms between arsenical
and ptomaine poisoning and cholera
morbus. Attorney Knight took him far
afield in search of the tetanus germ
and the effect of antitoxin in diphthe
ria cases, where the doctor floundered
hopelessly and finally admitted that he
knew very little about bacteriology. He
admitted that at no time did he admin
ister peroxide of iron to either patient,
although he said he knew it was the
generally accepted antidote in cases of
arsenical poisoning.
"What causes the decomposition of
meat?" asked Knight.
"Oh, the atmosphere and moisture, I
suppose," answered the doctor.
"Do you know that fish are the great
est field for the production of pto
maines?" asked Knight.
Dr. Bishon admitted that this infor
mation was new to him. Judge Cook
finally came to the rescue by declaring
that the cross-examination was being
unnecessarily drawn out. The witness
admitted that he received $500 in addi-
LIMITS EXPLANATION.
Dunning appeared on the stand "find
eyed her scornfully before beginning
her testimony.
Joshua D. Deane, husband of one of
the murdered women, was the first
witness called In the morning session.
He told of how his wife was taken ill
shorly before midnight on August 9,
IS 98, the same date on which she had
partaken of the candy. She was suf
fering from severe pains in her
stomach and a burning sensation, ac
companied by vomiting. She grew
worse, despite the household remedies
administered for cholera morbus, and
at 9 o'clock the fiollowing morning Dr.
Bishop was called in. Mrs. Deane
grew steadily worse until August 11,
when she showed some improvement,
during the forenoon. In the after
noon a collapse occurred and she died
after suffering a terrible convulsion.
Drs. Bishop »and Davis were at her
bedside. Mrs. Dunning was showing
the same symptoms at this time and
died the following day at 9 a. m.
On cross-examination Attorney
Knight asked Deane if he knew E. E.
Clement of Dover. "I do," replied the
witness. "He tried to blackmail me
before I left."
"In what way?" persisted Knight.
The District Attorney objected to the
tone of the question and remarked, "I
didn't, expect that the defense would
bring that out on cross-examination."
"Well, let It be stricken out," said
Knight, and the Clement element in the
case was lost to disclosure.
Miss Leila Deane was recalled to
make a minor correction in her testi
; mony of the previous day, having re
freshed her memory by reading. her tes
timony at the former trial.
PLEADS IGNORANCE.
Dr. Lemuel H. Bishop was the next
witness. He was the attending physi
cian on Mrs. Dunning and Mrs. Deane
during their fatal illness and was pres
ent at the deathbed of both. He de
scribed the symptoms of each as con
sisting of inflammation of the mucous
membrane of the throat, pains and
burning sensations In the stomach,
nausea and vomiting, flushed skin and
swollen bodies. Asked the direct ques
tion by the District Attorney, he stated
that he was positive that their deaths
were caused by arsenical poisoning.
Attorney Knight took the physician
in hand and drew from him the fact
that it was not until after the death \
of Mrs. Deane and when Mrs. Dunning
.was beyond medical aid that he had de
termined that the cause of their Illness
was arsenical poisoning. At first he
had treated them for cholera morbus,
and failing to relieve them he had ap
parently gone It blind in hopes that
some of the medicines he administered
might bring relief. He had given
strychnia to stimulate the heart action,
morphine to allay vomiting, digitalis,
creosote, pepsinoids and other things. >
Finally he administered egg albumen, \
j which he said was an excellent antidote
for arsenical poisoning, but he naively
admitted that he bullded better than
he knew, because at that time he had
no idea that his patients were victims
of arsenic. ¦
The defendant, her sister and her
brother-in-law. X. C. McClure of
Healdsburg, sat together. Mrs. Botkin
possessed herself of a printed tran
script of the testimony given at the
former trial and followed It closely as
the various witnesses testified. Occa
sionally she would whisper suggestions
to Attorney McGowan, who sat beside
her. She was not noticeably nervous,
but displayed some emotion when Miss
DEFENDANT IS CALM.
Thereafter none was admitted to the
room.
Excellent progress was made yester- |
flay In Superior Judge Cook's court in
the -trial of Mrs. Cordelia Botkin,
charged with the murder of Mrs. John
P. Dunning In August, 1898, by send
ing to her at Dover. Delaware, a box
of poisoned candy from this city, of
which candy Mrs. Dunning and her
e!ster, Mrs. Joshua D. Deane, partook
and from the effect* of which they
both died a few days later.
By the testimony of Drs. Bishop and
Dcnvcs of Dover, the prosecution seem
ingly la-tisfactorily established the fact
that th« tfeath of th« two women was
du* to arsenical poisoning. Both
physicians were positive of this fact.
Dr. Bishop was far from being an lm
.prcszlv* witness aad Attorney Knight,
¦who had primed himself for the ©c
csjttea. tock th» Eastern physician
ever ths medical hurdles until he
balked and took refuge from pertinent
questions In a plea of Ignorance. On
th* other hand. Dr. Downs was ready
in his answers, positive in his opin
ions and prepared to explain intelli
gently and convincingly. When he first
appeared on the stand he was asked
to describe the symptoms that afflict
ed Mrs. Dunning when he first saw
her and he ripped out such a string of
sesquipedalian medical terms that the
stenographer nearly succumbed to
neurasthenia- The doctor obligingly
spelled out all the hard names and
then got down on the ground floor and
explained to the laity what they all
meant.
Attorney Knlsht did not have nearly
as much fun irlth him as he did with
Dr. Bishop. His cross-examination was
brief end hinged almost entirely on the
difference between powdered and lump
arsenic. He scarcely attempted to
phake the doctor on his opinion of the
• cause of Mrs. Dunning's death, but
'seemed to derive considerable satisfac
tion when the witness stated that fish
wan a. prolific source of ptomaine pol
¦poninp. In this connection Knight let
slip an admission that probably out
.lines the theory of the defense. In
answer to a question. Dr. Downs stated
that the cause of death could not be
ptomaine poisoning. "But 1 think it
"was," said Knight, suavely. "That's
where we differ."
CHEMIST IS CONVINCING.
The most imposing and Important of
the witnesses examined yesterday was
.Dr>. Theodore R. Wolfe, State chemist
• if Delaware and professor of chem
istry 5n Delaware State University. To
him at Newark, Del., Dr. Bishop took
Jive pieces of the candy from the box
received by Mrs. Dunning and he an
alyzed three of them. He subjected
them to five of the recognized tests for
arsenic and found the poison In all
three. The other two he did not an
alyze. He was clear and convincing In
his testimony and no attempt was
made by the defense to impeach either
his knowledge or methods.
A new witness appeared in the per
son of Miss Mary A. Dunning, sister
of John P. Dunning, husband of the
woman for the murder of whom Mrs.
Botkin Is now on trial. Miss Dunning
fills the missing link in tracing the pos
' session of the box of poisoned candy.
By the death of John B. Pennington,
v ho kept the package in his possession
until it was formally turned over to
the Coroner's Jury at the inquest, the
< ha in lacked completeness. For this
rrason her testimony was important.
Another important witness was
Frank. S. Grey, a pharmacist, .who
Bold to Mrs. Botkin two ounces of ar
senic on June L 1898, while in the em
ploy of a local drug store. His identi
fication of the defendant was some
thing of a disappointment to the prose
cution because it lacked positiveness,
but it was sufficiently certain to an
rwer all purposes.
All who could get into the court
room without violating the order made
by Judge Cook that the center and side
.•tisles leading to the entrance should
b*> kept clear were present during the
morning and afternoon sessions. Hun
dreds were refused admission by the
police, eight of whom were stationed
withm and without the courtroom to
' kerp the crowds in order. The num
1>cr of women attending was not so
*rreat as on the day before, but there
were plenty of them and they followed
the proceedings closely. When the
«loors were opened for the afternoon
session a regular stampede occurred.
Women emerged from the boiling
crowd with their hats off, their gowns
torn and their hair disheveled. Even
the big policemen were unable to stem
the rush until the courtroom was
overfilled. Then all those who could
not find standing room in the allotted
places 'were compelled to withdraw.
"I am as positive as one can be who
has not seen the person in question for
four or five years." .
"But are you absolutely sure?"
queried the attorney.
The witness admitted that he was
not absolutely sure and even reading
his testimony at the former trial, when
the identification was positive, failed
to bring certainty to his mind. He ex
plained the spelling o«. the - name'
"Bothin" as being what he understood
her to say her name was when she
purchased the poison.'..
Miss. Mary A. Dunning was the clos
ing witness of the day. She is a resi
dent of t Philadelphia and lives with
her brother, John P. Dunning. "When
she read in the papers of the death of
Mrs. Dunning, she went at once to
Dover, arriving there on August 13.
On August 16 she was shown the box
of poisoned candy and the wrapper it
came In, and in the evening of the
same day she was again shown them.
At that time they were In the posses
sion of John B. Pennington, father . of
the two murdered women, who has
since died. On August 22 she saw him
hand the box and wrapper to the
Coroner and one of the jurors, who
called at the Pcnnington home to se
cure them. She identified the box and
wrapper introduced as exhibits as
being the same shown her by John
B. Pennington in Dover. .
At the conclusion of her testimony
court adjourned until 10 o'clock this
morning, after the usual admonition
had been given the jurors not to dis
cuss the fcase nor read 'anything in
the papers concerning it.
A dispatch was received from Dover
last night to the effect that the death
certificate of Mrs. John P. Dunning Is
missing from the office of the Recorder
of Deeds. District Attorney Byington
states that the certificate is not neces
sary as evidence in the hearing "of the
case, for he is in possession of the
Coroner's certificate and has all the
evidence pertaining to the death of
Mrs. Dunning.
"Are you absolutely certain that this
defendant Is the woman to whom you
sold two ounces of arsenic on June 1
1898?" asked "Attorney McGowan.
ago. He said the circumstances were
impressed on his mind because he was
reluctant to sell her the poison for the
purpose named and recommended
several other chemical^ that would be
better bleachers.
IDENTIFICATION FAULTY.
of the deaths of Mrs. Dunning and
Mrs. Deane was State detective for
Delaware, was the next witness. Into
his hands had been given the box of
poisoned candy, the wrapper, the hand
kerchief and the note contained In the
box after the Coroner's jury had ren
dered its verdict and he- brought the
articles from Dover to San Francisco
previous to the first trial of the' case.
He identified the exhibits as the same
as those he had turned over to the
authorities here. A letter was also
shown him which he Identified as be
ing one given him by the Delaware
Coroner and giv£n Into the custody of
the then Chief of Police Lees in this
city. The letter is one of th^ anony
mous notes received by Mrs. Dunning
calculated to make permanent the es
trangement between herself and hus
band. The letter was not introduced.
Frank S. Grey, a traveling salesman
for the drug firm of Redington & Co.,
was the first local witness called and
the first to connect Mrs. Botkin in any
way with the crime. On June 1, 1898.
he testified that she came to the Owl
Drs. Downs and Bishop of Dover
Swear Poison Ended Lives
vl LUC VY UlllCll.
Remark by Knight Leads to Belief
That Defense "Will Adopt
Ptomaine Theory.
PHYSICIANS OF DELAWARE TESTIFY IN BOTKIN TRIAL THAT
ARSENIC CAUSED DEATHS OF MRS. DUNNING AND MRS. DEANE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 23, 1004.
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Stetson Hats
EVERY TIME WE SELL A STET-
SON HAT WE EITHER GAIN A
NEW CUSTOMER OR PLEASE
AN OLD ONE : : : : : :
OUR PRICE (t% A OUR PRICE
ALWAYS ALWAYS
THE SAME C|jrT THE SAME
C Spring blocks now in : : : f :
ROOS BROS.
KEARNY AT POST
Your erocer's ; monevbacV.
1 he one means of raising
the grade of trade is good
goods — Schilling's Best
t— biMnf.pawd€? iplcti
eiS>« flavoring extracts m<U
I
ADVESTISEMENTS.
AN* ABSOLUTE NECESSITY.
So Thinks at Least One Traveling
Man.
I would as soon think of starting
out without my mileage books and grip
as to start out on a trip without a box
of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets in my
valise, said a traveling man who repre-
sents a St. Louis hardware house.
Why? Because I have to put up at
all kinds of hotels and boardins-
hoitses. I have to eat good, bad and
indifferent food at all hours of the day
and night and *!• don't believe any
man's stomach will stand that sort of
thing without protest, any way I know
mine won't. It has to have some-
thing to break the fall and Stuart'a
Dyspepsia Tablets Is the crutch I fall
back on. '
My friend3 often "josh" me about
it, tell me I'm an easy mark for patent
medicine fakers, that advertised medi-
cines are humbugs, etc., but I notice
, that they are nearly always complain-
ing of their aches and pains and poor
digestion, while I can stand most any
old kind of fare and feel good and
ready for my work when it needs me,
and I believe I owe my good digestion
and sound health to the daily, regular
us«of Stuart'a Dyspepsia Tablets, year
In and year out, and all the "Joshing"
in the world ;will never convince m»
to the contrary.
I used to have heartburn about
three times a day and a headache
about three or four times a week and
after standing for this for four* or flv«
years I > began to look around for a
crutch and found it when my doctor
told me the best investment I could
make would be a 50 cent box of
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, and I have
invested about 50 cents a month for
them ever since and when I stop to
think that that is what I spend every
day for cigars. I feel like shaking
hands with myself, for I can keep my
stomach and digestion in first-class or-
der for 50 cents a month. I don't care
for any better life insurance.
My druggist tells me they are the
most popular of all stomach medi-
cines and that they have maintained
their popularity and success because
they do as advertised. They bring re-
sults, and results are what count In
patent medicine as much as In selling
barb wire.
Spring; Suits • :
Made to. Order \ mSr sijjk :
We can dress you as well as you -^
have always dressed at a third less ?L ¦>wv' ;^^^H^^H§
the cost because we have just the .
Suits satisfactorily made to order for out-of-town cus- '•{ :'>£>**" / \" : <f f J; i^^^HKra
/4U iYiarKet street ana ?„¦; —~sjgjLrZD-/ : 2A Kr -ziF : -
Cor. "Powell and Eddy < Streets • ,.The Papyrus Club will enjoy a par
ticularly interesting programme at
Utopia Hall, 223 Sutter street, to-mor
row. The occasion will be distin
guished by a song-cycle, words and
music by Roma.
Song-Cycle by Roma Will Be a Dis
tinguishing Feature of the
Entertainment. -
TOKIO, March 22.— A legislative
scandal is threatened in connection
with the proposal of the Government
to create a tobacco "monopoly. It is
alleged that certain members of the
Diet agreed to support a movement to
increase the compensation to be paid
to the manufacturers for a share of
the, increase 'secured. It w;as originally
proposed to pav \ the manufacturers a
sum equal to three years' income from
their business. It is said that the illicit
project .was to secure the equivalent
of four years' Income. .The police are
investigating and possibly the scandal
may i be ventilated on the floor of the
House. The incident is likely to have
the effect' of .leaving the . three years'
provision .unchanged ¦ - ¦
CHINA IS SENDING
MORE- TROOPS TO
FRONTIER POSTS
Russia now has eighteen sea-going
and thirteen smaller, torpedo boats and
nine under construction.
The Russian Government is about to
build two large torpedo boats in this
country- The Germanla yard at Kiel,
the Schichau yard at Elving and the
Bultan.yard at Stattinghave sent in
estimates. The boats will cost about
12.000,000 marks and are to "be" com- :
pleted in a year.
BERLIN', March 22.— According to a
dispatch received here from Copen
hagen, a Norwegian military attache
with the Russian army writes that In
conversation with General Kuropatkin
the commander in chief declared that
the war would last two vears.
Special Cable to Th* Call and Kevr York
HeraU. Copyright. 1WM. by the New York
Herald Publishing Company
PAPYRUS CLUB TO HEAR
INTERESTING PROGRAMME
SCANDAL BREWING
IN THE PARLIAMENT
OF MIKADO'S REALM
Charles A. Murdoch, printer and
former Civil Service Commissioner, in
formed the Coroner yesterday that he
would take charge of the remains of
Edwin Ruthven Campbell and give
them a decent burial. Mr. Campbell
was a journalist of some note in the
early history of California. He was
found" dead, in his bed In the ten-cent
lodging-house at 641 Washington
sXreet. He was 85 years of age arid
in his declining days, too sick to earn
his Hying, he was obliged to rely upon
the good offices of his old time 1 friends.
Saved From the Potters' Field.
SEATTLE, Wash.. March 22.—Pri
vate telegrams received from Vic
toria say the' Indians arriving from
Banfield Creek, on the west coast of
Vancouver" Island, report v that the
arms of a ship's figurehead have come
ashore at Sechart and also, another
bundle - of letters addressed to the
chief officer of the Lambrna. ,
. VICTORIA.- B. C. March 22. — The
steamship Queen City has been report
ed safe in Quatsino sound.
Indians Find More Wreckage of the
Lnmorna on Vancouver •
• Island Shore.
ST. PETERSBURG, March 22.— A
dispatch received from Ashkaad (the
capital of the Russian Trans-Caspian
Territory) savs a rumor is current
there that the Ameer ot Afghanistan
has been poisoned.
STEAMER QUEEN : CITY .
IS REPORTED SAFE
From San Francisco — A. B. Corbett,
at the Bartholdi; W. Meyer and wife,
at the Rosmore; Miss L. Meyer, at the
Rowland; Miss Och. at the Welling
ton; Mrs. Zobel. at the Holland; J. M.
Gonzales. at the Victoria; H. C. Sim.
at the Hoffman.
NEW YORK. March 22. — The fol
lowing Calif ornians have arrived:
California ns in New York.
RUMOR OF AMEER
OF AFGHANISTAN'S
DEATH BY POISON
The Japanese bank Daiichi Glnko, In
response to the Korean demand, . now
Issues 10, 20 and 50 sen notes.
SEOUL. March 22.— Of thirteen Ko
reans, formerly military students in Ja
pan, who were accused of conspiring
against the life of the Emperor and the
Crown 7 Prince for the purpose of en
throning Prince Eui Wha, who is now
studying in America, three have been
executed and the remainder summoned
to appear before a special tribunal. .
KOREANS ACCUSED
OF PLOTTING ARE
PUT TO DEATH
Luncheon was served at the close
of the election and in the afternoon
the ladies were again called to order
to be entertained by Mrs. Hume, who
delivered an interesting address on
"Mormonism."
The church quartet sang several se
lections, after which the president and
members were given the following
question to solve: "How may the
work of the Presbyterian church be
njade more efficient?"- ..
When the question had been solved
by those present the meeting was ad
journed.
Officers for Ensuing Year Arc Elected
• j ¦¦':. :. and Are Installed by Mrs.
Herriott.
The annual meeting of the Home
Presbyterial Society of San Francisco
was held yesterday morning and after
noon at Trinity Church on Capp
street.
The morning session was opened by
the president, Mrs. H. T. Ames, who
I delivered the devotional exercises. The
I officers' reports were next read, after
which John Taylor sang a solo.
Officers of the society were chosen
for the ensuing year. They are: Mrs.
Ames-, Mrs. Jones, Mrs. Roberts, Mrs.
Britton, Mrs. Dedrow, Mrs. Pedlar,
Mrs. Quimby, Miss Meeker and Miss
Morton.
LiADIES OP PRESRYTERIAIj
SOCIETY HOLD SESSION
The Paris dispatch -in question stated
that France would protest on behalf
of Russia. The protest had not yet
been made.
ST. PETERSBURG, March 22.— The
Russ in an editorial to-day on Russia's
new. protest against the violation of
The Hague convention in bombarding
the Quarantine hospitals on the San
shantao Islands . (opposite Port Dalny)
declares Japan cannot meet the charge
by pleading ignorance of the character
of the buildings on the Islands, as the
bombardment of unfortified towns and
buildings is forbidden by the same con
vention, and adds that Japan's act was
a flouting of all the powers signatory
to the convention.
"Who knows," continues the Russ,
"what excesses Japan may go • to in
violation of international law? The ob
ligations assumed by her, the feeling
of solidarity among the nations and the
defense of the fundamental principles
of humanity, must compel the world,
If not to-day, then to-morrow,- to say
to Japan: 'Thus far and no farther.'"
s The editorial concludes with express
ing the hope that Russia's protest will
make an impression upon the other
powers.
TOKIO, March 22.— The Japanese
Government denies the report from
Paris that France, acting on behalf of
Russia, has protested to the Japanese
Government on account of the bom
bardment of the Sanshantao quarantine
station on the 10th inst. No protest of
the kind has so far reached the Imper
ial Government' at Tokio.
Two junks, the first arrivals of the
season, were unloading at the railway
station to-day. The ice in the river is
rapidly breaking. A south wind is ex
pected, and should it come the river
will be open in a few. days.
The British residents have sent a pe
tition to Sir Ernest Satow, British
Minister at Peking, asking that a war
ship be allowed to remain at New
chwang.
United States Consul Miller proposes
the organization of all foreigners at
Newchwang, to insure their obtaining
intelligence regarding war movements
in this vicinity and also for their mu
tual protection. , >l : v
Two. Japanese * merchants named
Kautiaimi and Makaya and five women
refugees, who had been imprisoned
from February 7 to March 20 at -Port
Arthur, left to-day en route, to Tientsin,
thus satisfying the. American official
inquiry and negotiations covering sev
eral weeks. The merchants, who were
arrested - on account of possessing
charts of the /coast of Dalny, report
that they! were; treated, kindly, espe
cially at the military prison under
Golden Hill, where they were, in '.cus
tody for twenty-one days. Later they,
were confined in the police station. The
civil administration of Newchwang
took unusual care in accomplishing
the : release of the prisoners and refu
gees, and upon their arrival here they
were promptly turned over to United
States Consul Henry B. Miller.
NEWCHWANG, March 22.— The firing
heard yesterday morning has been offi
cially explained as having been prac
tice shooting by the forts. The Rus
eians notified the Chinese late yester
day evening that the practice firing
would occur, but not in time for the in
formation to become generally known,
and consequently there was consider
able alarm.
RUSSIAN PRESS
BUSY ARRAIGNING
;' JAPAN'S METHODS
WASHINGTON, March 22.— It is said
at the State Department that instruc
tions were sent on Saturday to Embas
sador McCormick at St. Petersburg to
call the attention of the Russian Gov
ernment to the condition of Japanese in
Siberia in the hope that the Govern
ment will do all in its power to enable
them to return to Japan. Minister
Takahira, at whose request the instruc
tions were sent. Informed the State De
partment that there were between
forty and fifty Japanese in Siberia, not
40.000. as stated.
KUROPATKIN SAYS
ORIENT WAR WILL .
LAST TWO YEARS
ST. PETERSBURG, March 22.— United
States Embassador McCormick has not
been instructed by the State Depart
ment at the request of Takahlra, the
Japanese Minister at Washington, to
Mk the Russian Government what fa
cilities will be afforded to the 40,000
Japanese in Siberia to retunWo Japan.
According to information received here
comparatively few Japanese are now in
Siberia. Most of them left there just
prior to or after the breaking out of
the war. The United States embassy,
which is charged with safeguarding
Japanese interests, has thus far only
responded to the appeals of a score of
Japanese coming from Siberia through
European Russia. The last party of
twelve, from, Irkutsk, was sent to Ber
lin^on Saturday. Not one of them has
been molested, but It 'is considered
Eafer that the Japanese be placed be
yond the region of possible danger. Xo
appeals have been received from the
few Japa'nese residing in St. Peters
burg and other cities of European Rus
sia.
FEW OF MIKADO'S
SUBJECTS REMAIN
IN BLEAK SIBERIA
After consulting together and with
the Government, both political parties
agreed to support the Government pro
£ramme of war taxes, but to lower
slightly the proposed rate of land tax
and reject the taxes on salt and silk
stuffs, thereby reducing the projected
revenue about $5,000,000. The political
parties further display a disposition .o
limit the period for the levying of in
creased taxes to one year after the
conclusion of the war. This implies a
radical change, inasmuch as the In
creased revenue thereby ceases to be
available for reducing the new debt.
TOKIO, March 22.— Japan decided
yesterday to open Yongampho to for
eign trade.
pedo-boat destroyers have arrived
here.
PRACTICE FIRING
BY FORTS STARTS
RUMOR OF BATTLE
JAPAN TO OPEN
YONGAMPKO TO
WORLD'S TRADE
COPENHAGEN. March 22. — By au
thority of the East Asiatic Company it
was learned to-day that the capture of
the company's steamship Manchuria
deprived Russia of 7000 tons of ammu
nition intended for the large long
range gruns in Port Artfcur. It is said
that if the Manchuria had reached
Port Arthur safely the whole situation
would have been changed. It is known
that the Russian Government regard
ed the Manchuria's cargo as of the
highest importance.-; '
While at Suez in October of last
year the Manchuria was partly burned.
It was repaired at this port on rush
orders from St. Petersburg for the spe
cial purpose of conveying ammunition
to the Far East. The cargo was valued
at nearly a million dollars. Its cap
ture is said to account for the ina
bility of. the Russians to make effect
ive use of their long-range guns. The
Manchuria was only two, days' sail
from Port Arthur when she was seized.
She was navigated by a Danish naval
officer on formal leave of absence.
MILLION-DOLLAR
AMMUNITION CARGO
SEIZED BY JAPAN
will send a military expert to inspect
the Chinese forces in Manchuria and
Eastern Mongolia. China has not
answered.
MUKDEN, March 22. — The train north this afternoon from' Dalny brought five wounded for
eigners, who tell more of the lengthy bombardment, beginning, at p o'clock this morning and end
ing shortly after 11 o'clock. They say that great holes were torn in the forts'^ batteries were dis
mounted, houses destroyed and the Government biddings completely wrecked. Five soldiers were
killed and ten wounded by one shell on, Silver Hill. An entire family was destroyed by a- shell,
which went clear throngh two houses before it exploded in their main. room. Several houses were
on fire at one time. One hundred shells fell in the old city, one-third of theni exploding, between 9
Women and children ran from the town early in the morning, in a blinding. storm of rain, far
out of reach of the enemy's fire. One-third of the soldiers in the Golden Hill fort were wounded
during the morning assault and the list of dead numbered seventeen. The cruisers Askold and Bayan
were hit by six-inch shells.
. The wounded who have come herewere^pn the ground. : 'floor of a house completely wrecked by
a shell. They were injured by .falling' walls. They say -tha'f- more than forty dead were carried out
of the forts before 10 o'clock, and that two shells fell on the.battleship Pobieda, exploding on her
deck in the inner harbor. " ,
While the Japanese battleships were firing from behind the promontory at 9 o'clock the heavy
cruisers went on the west side into Pigeon Bay and fired six-inch shells into the Russian forts in the
rear for an hour and a half. It is not known what damage these accomplished.
"We lost one man during the. bombardment, which ceased after n o'clock, when the enemy's
ships reassembled, and, after passing along the outer roadstead, drew off without attacking our fleet."
TREMENDOUS DAMAGE IS DONE BY THE JAPANESE GUNs!
cruisers, six second and third class cruisers and eight torpedo-boats, approached from all sides. At
7 oclock our squadron commenced to leave the inner harbor, the cruisers leading, with the Askold,
flying my flag, ahead and the battleships following. '*}*s~>>
"The enemy's battleships approached Liaotheshrn and Tired one hundred shells from their
twelve-inch guns at Port Arthur and I oS shells at the environments of the town.
"Our shells, fired at a range of eighty cables, were well" placed. At about ib o'clock a Japanese
battleship was struck by a shell and retired.. :" *
ST. PETERSBURG, March 22. — The
Emperor received the first message re
garding the attack upon Port Arthur
late this afternoon, but nothing was
allowed to' reach the public until »10
o'clock to-night. The dispatches to
the Emperor stated that the Russians
sustained no "great losses, having only
five soldiers killed and ten wounded.
Vice Admiral Makaroff reports that
one of j the Japanese vessels was struck
by a shell.
All information which has reached
St. Petersburg shows that the defend
ers of Port Arthur have taken serious
ly to heart the coup of the Japanese
Yorpedo-boats at the beginning of the
war, and are now maintaining a sharp
lookout.
The Japanese torpedo-boats were
twice discovered sneaking toward the
harbor entrance under cover of dark
ness, but both times they" were ¦ de-.
tected far out at sea and were driven
off by the hot fire opened on them.
The breaking of day necessarily pre
vented further, torpedo-boat operations,
but Admiral Togo brought his battle
ships and cruisers up. The .' division
of his fleet was for the purpose of mak
ing a cross fire upon the harbor, in the
hope of destroying the town and of
damaging the Russian ships lying in
the basin.
The bombardment of March 9 showed
to the Russians the advantage to. the
enemy of the position off Liaotheshin
which Vice Admiral Togo's ships took
iip this morning, and \ Vice Admiral
Makaroff sought to minimize this ad
vantage by so stationing the battleship
Retvizan that her shells could reach
the Japanese battleships.. The fact that
the Retvizan was used for. this purpose
proves the falsity of the report that her
great^guns had been removed, and in
stalled as a battery at Pigeon Bay, and
it has given rise to the impression that
there is an inadequacy of great guns
at Port Arthur, as otherwise a battery
would have been erected, to protect the
town at the only point which Vice Ad
miral Togo seems to regard as* vulner
able from the sea. /v * .
When the official dispatches were re
ceived the belief gained ground that
Vice Admiral Makaroff had put to sea
and that a naval fight^had taken place.
Later advices established the fact that
the admiral had simply gone with -the
undamaged portion of his fleet to the
outer roadstead, where he could more
effectively support the batteries and at
<he same time take advantage of any
weakness which might develop in the
enemy's attack.
The Russians are continuing prepa
rations for a prospective ; siege of - Port
Arthur, rushing large tiuantitles of sup
plies to* that point. More '.than? forty,
cars loaded with barley, 'chickens and
other foodi' arrive' there daily.
Continued From Page 1, Columns 3. 4 and 5.
Attack Upon Port Arthur Begins at Mid
night and Continues Until Noon.
Japan has 2000 engineers working on
the railway, and 100 miles of material
obtained from disused lines in variou3
parts of Japan are now awaiting
shipment .to Pingyang. This scheme
is designed to be completed by Sep
tember next. The work will afterward
be made permanent and extended to
Wiju.
LONDON, March 23.— The Seoul 1 cor
respondent of the Times says that,
while deprecating precipitancy in
administrative reconstruction, Japan
recommends that Korea shall gradually
eliminate foreign advisers of the Gov
ernment and appoint no more for the
present. Many of the foreigners, who
are mostly French, - occupy advisory
posts.
. The Japanese are displaying great
vigor in the construction of a light
railway to Pingyang and other
strategic projects, according to the
correspondent. Should she fail to expel
Russia from Chinese territory and be
compelled to defend the- Korean
frontier, the existence of a railway in
the rear, running to a port within fer
rying distance of Japan, will be of In
estimable value to Japan.
General John C. Underwood of Ken
tucky, an officer of the Chevaliers of
the Patriarchs Militant, I. O. O. F.,
and his wife and daughter arrived
from the East yesterday and are stay
ing at the Palace. General Under
wood is here to arrange for accommo
dations for his organization durfng the
annual meeting of the Sovereign Grand
Lodge in this city in September next.
Fisher Dllke and Reginald Dunning
of London, who are en route to th«
Orient, arrived at the St. Francis yes
terday.
Patrick Lannon, a capitalist and
former proprietor of the ,Salt Lake
Tribune, arrived from Southern Cali
fornia yesterday and is registered at
the Palace.
J. E. Stubbs of the Nevada State
University is down from Reno and
staying at the Palace. He is here to
meet his brother. Traffic Director J.
C. Stubba of the Harriman lines, who
is due here to-morrow.
R. Robinson, proprietor of the Gil
roy Hot Springs, la staying at the
Grand.
F. A. Keith, a capitalist of Salt Lake.
is among the latest arrivals at the St.
Francis. » \ *H*A
Grove L. Johnson, the well known
attorney of Sacramento, is at the St.
Francis.
W. L. Cole, superintendent of the
Mountain Copper Company of Kes
wick.'-and wife are at the Grand.
Colonel E. A. Forbes, a well-known
attorney of Marysville, is at the Pal
ace.
T. J. Field, a banker of Monterey,
and wife arrived at the Palace yester
day.
PERSONAL*
Dr. B. Williams of Fresno is at the
Lick.
Dr. C. U. Stephens of Boston is at
the Palace.
B. Cussick, a capitalist of Chico. is
at the Grand.
Dr. and Mrs. Wyntoop of New York
are at the Palace.
O. McHenry. a banker of Modesto.
Is at the Occidental.
C. A. Canfleld, an oil man of Los
Angeles, is at the Palace.
R. H. Smith, an oil man of Coalinga,
is registered at the Grand.
Dr. Sanford "Whiting and wife of
Portland are at the Occidental.
The Daily Chronicle publishes un
confirmed rumors from Chetu and
Newchwang of bombardments of Port
Arthur on March 13 and 15, five Euro
peans and many Chinese being killed
in the former and two guns being dis
mantled and fifty soldiers killed In the
latter attack.
The Standard's Shanghai correspond
ent says that a recent arrival from
Port Arthur declares the Russians re
covered fifteen Japanese torpedoes
from the harbor, unexploded. because
In their excitement the Japanese for
got to withdraw the safety pegs.
A correspondent of the Times at
Tokio, under yesterday's date, cables
that It is rumored that the Japanese
have succeeded in blockading the en
trance to Port Arthur,
News is received from Newchwan?
that a^ south wind is dispersing the
ice, which means the beginning of
active operations that at last will re
veal the carefully concealed Japanese
plan of campaign.
According to the Standard's St.
Petersburg correspondent, the Russian
Government has privately informed
thr Senators that since the outbreak of
the war exactly 100,000 troops have
been forwarded to the Far East by the
Siberian Railway.
In last night's Gazette the Board of
Trade, in publishing a list of the arti
cles declared to bf» contraband, warns
the masters of British ships that they
must not resist bring stopped or
searched by warships of either of the
belligerents for contraband.
LONDON. March 23. — The Dally
Telegraph's Seoul correspondent,
cabling under date of March 22. reports
the rising of a mob of Koreans against
Japanese soldiers, at Samung. north of
Gensan. The Japanese dispersed the
mob. killing five men and woundins
twenty.
"On the night of March 19 two dis
patch riders encountered a Japanese
patrol between Kasan, about fifty miles
north by west of Pingyang. and Chen
chu, about twelve miles north of Kazan.
The patrol opened fire, but our dispatch
riders escaped unhurt*
"According to a report 3000 of the
enemy's cavalry occupied Yongpyong
on March IS, and material for pontoon
bridges has been placed in readiness
north and south of Anju."
ST. PETERSBURG, March 22.— Vice
Admiral Togo's activity at Port Arthur
is being emulated by the commander of
the Japanese forces in Korea. The rg
port of General Mistchenkow shows
that the Japanese have taken the pre
caution to erect earthworks near Anju,
which are being held by a Japanese di
vision until the remainder of the First
Army Corj>s comes up from Pingyang,
about forty miles away. The advance
of the Japanese shows that they are
losing no time and that they are more
rapid than the Russians expected. Nev
ertheless the fortifications of Anju
show the Japanese operations are ac
companied by all proper military pre
cautions. So far as the Russians are
concerned they have no intention of
attacking Anju, but the province of the
5000 to 6000 cavalrymen under General
MiFtch^nkow will be to harass and re
tard the Japanese in every way possi
ble.
The authorities here believe that it
•will be only a matter of a short time
r.ow \vhon active land operations begin,
but at first these will take the form of
skirmishes*, as the main Russian force
remains in occupation of strategic
points on the Yalu River.
The following official dispatch has
b^en received from Viceroy Alexieff,
dated Mukden. March 22:
'"General Mistchenkow reports that
on March 17 our scouts approached
Anju and observed on the left bank of
the Chonech^ng River, opposite Anju,
intrenchments made by the enemy. Up
to that date the enemy had not ap
peared at Ybngpyong, fifteen miles
northeast of Anju. It is supposed that
there is one Japanese division at Anju
and that the remainder of the First
Army Corps is at Pingyang.
"In consequence of the report that
two squadrons of the enemy had ar
rived at Pakchong. fifteen miles north
west of Anju. 200 of our cavalry -was
dispatched for the purpose of prevent
ing the enemy from crossing the Pak
chong River. Our cavalry found three
Japanese squadrons on the left bank
of the river, but they withdrew toward
Anju on the arrival of our detachment
without fighting. The Japanese squad
rons number about 190 men each.
The persistent wooing of an ardent
lover found it3 reward at the Palace
Hotel yesterday evening when Miss
Florida W. Graves, a pretty belle of
Birmingham, Alabama, gave her heart
and hand in marriage to Edward D.
Smith, a resident of her native city.
The happy young bride is the daugh
ter, of Captain W. II. Graves, a promi
nent lawyer of Alabama.*
With' her father and sister. Miss
Virginia Graves, she arrived from the
Southeast several days ago on a pleas
ure tour and coincident with the ar
rival of the Graves was the coming of
E. D. Smith, City Attorney of Bir
mingham, ostensibly in search of rest
and recreation in California. Those
that are acquainted with Mr. Smith
are inclined, however, to strongly sus
pect that Miss Graves' westward jour
ney had something to do with her
lover's coming, j At anjr rate, the
young couple met here and • Mr.
Smith's proposition that their wedding
be celebrated during their sojourn in
California met with the approval of
the young woman and her father and
arrangements for the marriage cere
mony were immediately made. Last
evening Rev. Dr. Hemphill officiated
at the simple service.
In explaining his marriage 3000
miles away from home the happy
groom said that Miss Graves and he
had been engaged for some time and
were' to have been married later' In
Florida, but arriving here they de
cided to hasten the affair and lost no
time in having the marital knot tied.
- |
Pretty Bell*? ot Alabama Becomes
Bride of City Attorney of Bir
mingham nt Palace.
The French officers General Sylvestre,
Major Cheminon and Captain Buisset
are here before going to the front. The
first is specially attached to General
Kuropatkin's staff.
A telegram from Viceroy Alexleff,
dated Port Arthur, repeats that neither
attaches nor correspondents are wanted
at the scene of war until about April 15.
ARE WEDDED FAR FRO3I
THEIR SOUTHERN' HOME
ST. PETERSBURG. March 22.— It ap
pears that the Japanese, who appar
ently left no stone unturned to obtain
support Drior to the war, went so far
as to send a special agent tc Sweden
in order. to see whether he could pre
vail upon the Swedes, counting upcm
the well known sympathies existing
with them, to fall upon Finland and
acquire that country while Russia'a
hands were tied. The Swedish Gov
ernment, however, -was not taken in
by any such exceedingly naive political
proposal, the acceptance of which
would have been fatal to Sweden, and
the Japanese mission failed.
However, Minister Kurlno's late visit
to Stockholm, which excited curiosity,
may perhaps be in a measure explained
by the foregoing.
Special Cable to The Oall and N>w Tor*
Herald. Copyright. 19W, by the New York
Herald Publishing Company...
Intrenchments Thrown
Up on Chengcheng
River's Bank.
Finland's Acquisition
the Lure Held Out
to Stockholm.
Capture of Newchwang
Is Soon to Be At
tempted.
Will Facilitate Move
ment of Troops Dur
ing War.
• * —
Tokio's Engineers Are
Hurrying fine's
Construction.
Advance Has
a Point North of
Pingyang. .
Soldiers Kill Five Na
tives and Wound
Twenty.
Failure of Attempt to
Win King Oscar's
Support.
In a note to the powers protesting against Japanese procedure Russia claimed that her Minister In
Seoul was notified to leave by Japan's representative /while Korea was yet neutral territory. Japan, re
plying to this cliargc,' denied it iii toto, declaring that' the Russian . Minister left Seoul voluntarily. The
Call's s;>ecial correspondent in Seoul confirms the Rnssinn statement and his Interesting account of the en
forced departure of the. Rusian 'legation staff. is published; with this morning's war news.
/Russia suffered a heavy loss in the captureVof the steamship -Manchuria soon after the outbreak of
hostilities. The vessel carried 7000 tons of ammunition intended for the defense of Port Arthur, the car
go being valued at nearly a. million dollars. ; It has been stated in Toklo advices that this ammunition is
reaching its original destination with the assistance of the gunners of Admiral Togo's fleet.
At last there has come.. some hews concerning .land operations in; Northwestern Korea. In an of
ficial report Viceroy Alexieff states that one Japanese' division is stationed at Anju und the rest of the First
Army Corps Is at Pingyang. Intrcnchments have been thrown up by the brown men on the west bank of
the Cheiigcheng: Jtiver, opposite Anju. Japanese cavalry has occupied Yongpyong. fifteen miles northeast of
Anju, with material for pontoon bridges to be used in crossing the river. A force of Russian cavalry Is
operating In Northwestern Korea to harass the Japanese 'advance, but apparently it is the intention of the
Russians to gradually fall' hack -'to the Yaln. . ¦
A rising 'of Koreans against Japanese soldiers sat Samurig, north of Geiisan, was quickly suppressed,
five Koreans being killed and twenty wounded. . ',
The. ice is breaking up at Newchwang:, thus removing one obstacle to the Japanese operations against
that point. An attempt to capture. Xewchwang probably .will be made without much delay. The Rus
sians are preparing to make desperate^ resistance, as the fall of Newchwang would mean a break in the
line of communications from Port Arthur to the north. '¦• ¦'-."•• '•-% -vV
" The Japanese fleet renewed the attack upon Port Arthur at midnight on Monday, the fighting: con
tinuing until past 11 o'clock yesterday forenoon. Vice Admiral Makaroff \s squadron left the harbor to
assist the forts in repelling the enemy's ships. - Official' reports to the Czar do not detail the damage done
to the town or the fortifications, but state that only five soldiers were killed, while one-Japanese battleship
was hit and compelled to retire. A press account asserts that the loss of life was heavy and the damage
enormous. - ' . ' " • .
THE CALL'.S. WAR NEWS SUMMARY.
FAST WORK
ON KOREAN
RAILROAD
MOVEMENTS
OF JAPAN'S
BIG ARMY
SWEDEN'S
AID SOUGHT
BY MIKADO
JAPANESE
FIGHT MOB
IN KOREA
TOGO'S SHELLS CAUSE LOSS OF LIFE AND GREAT DAMAGE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL", WEDNESDAY. MARCH 23, 1904.
Kussian Cruiser at Blzerta.
Tunis, March 22;~-The
Russian cruiser Aurora and three tor-
"The Russian official organ in St.
Petersburg has a fine name for. the
newsboys. 'It Is the Prauitelstvini
veistnik.
Burglars entered the grocery store
occupied by E. A. Meyer at 201 Polk
street early Tuesday morning through
a window on the Grove-street side of
the establishment and secured $5 out
of the register, $7 in nickels from a
tin behind the counter and $20 that
was i concealed in a rice chest. The
police are working on the case, but
have no clew to the guilty parties.
The place was entered last January
and J 16 taken by the thieves at that
time.
Burglars Enter a Grocery.
PEKIN.G, March 22. — The report
cabled to you that Russia- was con
templating staking joint action with
China for .the- suppression of brigand
age in Manchuria, .was unfounded.
Russia ', does not wish China to mass
troops within the war area, which in
cludes . all Manchuria. China , now . has
20,000 troops, European-drilled, with
modern' arms, on, the western frontier
of .Manchuria and is 'sending, more. •
: Russia has ~ notified China, that she
Special Cable . to ' The- Call and New York
Herald. Copyright, 1904.' by the New York
Herald , Publishing .Company.
Wit and humor, club members: soprano solo.*,
(a) "Forbidden." tb) "•Separation" (words and
music by Roma), Mme. Caro Roma cello
obligate* by Dr. Arthur Regensburser; "Some
thing," Leo Cooper; "The Wandering One."
•ong cycle (words and music by Roma) —
(a) "Absence." tb) "The Lament." (c) "Doubt
Not. 7 id) "The Prayer," (e) "The Letter." (f)
'The Return," Mrs. W. \V. Brlgrca: soprano
solo. "Abide Wit?r Me" (Rcnia) Mrs. R. E.
Hevalk. obllgato by Dr. A. Rtfcensburger. Mme.
Caro Roma at the piano. Programme arranged
by Miss Ella V. McClcskey.
Following will be the programme
4SAN JOSE, March 22.— Fred V.
Adams, a prominent photographer of
this city, to-day brought suit against
his wife. Gertrude W. Adams, for di
vorce. Infidelity is charged. Both
Adams and his wife formerly worked
in photographic studios in San Fran-
Former San Franciscans at Onto.
lars. Secretary McMahlll is now gath
ering the exhibit from this county and
it will be shipped from here about
March 30. San Luis Obispo and Mon
terey counties have also prepared fine
exhibits and these will be shipped at
the same time.
suit against Ernest Luehnlng for an
accounting of prunes received .by him
as the company's agent and a balance
of $2290 alleged to be due. Plaintiff,
claims that defendant failed to account
for 253,427 pounds of prunes.
SAN JOSE. March 22.— The exposi
tion authorities at St. Louis have ac
cepted the plans for the Santa Clara
County '• pavilion in the Agricultural
building. Word to this effect was re
ceived from Architect Binder, who is
In St. Louis. President Scheller of the
Chamber '.of Commerce at once wired
Architect Binder to -let the contract
and! have the work, finished as soon as
possible. The" Santa CHara County pa
vilion will cost several thousand dol-
Plans for Proposed Pavilion in St.
Louis Arc Accepted by the
Officials.
SANTA CLARA . WILL . , >;? J
RUSH 'HER- EXHIBITS
with stirrups reversed, follower his
master to the grave.
The King:, Princes, Embassadors
and srenerals entered twenty-one car
riages and started on the long journey
to the cemetery. Ahead of the gun
carriage was an array of British troops
seldom seen in the streets of London.
Life Guards, Lancers, Grenadiers,
Hussars, Dragoons and Highlanders,
with their bands, marched through a
lane of brilliant color formed by the
infantry along the • route. Behind
these the spectators formed a con
tinuous black background. Culrasseurs,
plumes* swords and lances sparkled in
the sun that had been so seldom seen
of- late by the Inhabitants of the me
tropolis.
Nearly two and a half hours elapsed
before the cortege reached the ceme
tery, from which the public had been
excluded. The King and others stood
by' ttie" graveside, while a squad of
Grenadiers fired three volleys for their
old field marshal and the funeral came
to an end.
Death Cnlls a Veteran Actress.
NEW YORK, March 22.— Miss Mar
garet Monk, a character actress, who
has played in company with many of
the great actors since Kean's time,
was found dead in her lodgings to
day. The Coroner said death was due
to natural causes.
SAN DIEGO, March 22. — The idea
of selling the issue of water and sewer
bonds by subscription has been aban
doned and the Finance Committee of
the City Council has recommended
that the bonds be sold to E. H. Rol
lins & Co. of Chicago, the premium of
fered being $1000.
Bonds to Sell in Chicago,
The dean of Westminster read the
service, and a dirge which had not been
played since the ., funeral of ; Queen'
Mary : II. echoed through the abbey.-
The Norroy King, of Arms (William
Henry Weldon) hoarsely proclaimed,
the full 'titles of the dead man, eight
Grenadiers ,' lifted . the coffin and . the
King walked behind it. followed by the
officers ; in crimson and gold uniforms.
In the bright 'sunshine . the thou
sands of /_ people outside the abbey'
watched the ' coffin being placed ori'_ the
suncarriage. The old Duke's charger.
FAMOUS DIRGE SOUNDS.
Prince Albrecht of Prussia repre
sented Emperor William, while from
the United States Embassador Choate
and the. military attache, Major Bea
con, were present. Among the prin
cipal mourners were Admiral and Col
onel Fltzgeorge, the late Duke's son.
On either side of the coffin stood five
field marshals — Wolseley, Haines,
Roberts, Norman and Good, who,
with a score of famous British gen
erals, acted as pallbearers. . In the cor
ner of the abbey stood a number of
veterans ."who had fought with the
Duke of "Cambridge in the Crimea.
Every branch of the army and the
volunteers was represented.
The King walked up the aisle, which
was lined by grenadiers, their busbies
bent low over the reversed arms, and
took his place, as chief mourner, at
the head of the coffin. The Prince of
Wales, the Duke of Connaught and the
other Princes stood behind his Ma
jesty. :; -H*:^
EDWARD CHIEF MOURNER.
LONDON, March 22. — The Duke of
Cambridge was buried to-day after a
funeral such as has-been accorded to
no English soldier since the death of
the Duke of Wellington. King Ed
ward, Queen Alexandra and nearly all
the members of the royal family, rep
resentatives of foreign monarchs, a
majority of the nobility, the diplo
matic corps and representative British
subjects of all walks in life attended
the impressive national service at
Westminster Abbey.
Thereafter the body of the "Old
Duke," as he was affectionately known
to the people, was taken to Kensal
Green Cemetery and buried beside that
of his wife. Thousands of troops
marched through and lined the streets
and dense crowds watched the spec
tacle, which in military magnificence
rivaled the funeral of Queen Victor'a.
The King, wearing a field marshal's
uniform, and the Queen, in the deep
est mourning, drove from Buckingham
Palace to the abbey shortly before 11
o'clock. The crowds uncovered in
silence and the troops reversed arms
on their arrival. The abbey was then
packed with diplomats, privy council
ors and army officers, all In gorgeous
uniforms.
Splendor of Cambridge's
Funeral Equaled Only by
That of the "Iron Duke"
KING MOURNS
AT THE GRAVE
SPOKANE, Wash., March 22. — But
one death is expected to result from
the wreck of the Great Northei'n west
bound flyer near Fisher River, Mont.,
yesterday. The victim Is a woman,
whose name is unknown here. She
was caught in the wreckage and badly
crushed. Many other passengers re
ceived slight injuries. Seven cars were
derailed, one of them catching flre
from the explosion of a gas tank, but
the flames were quickly extinguished.
The track is now reported clear.
One Woman May Die and a Number
ot Persons Are Badly
Hurt.
MAXY INJURED IX
GREAT XORTIfERX WRECK
SAN JOSE, March 22. — Fifteen
United States Standard voting ma
chines, which were ordered by the
Borird of Supervisors some months
ago, arrived to-day, from the factory
at Jamestown. N. Y. These will be
the first machines to be ueed in Cal
ifornia. Three of trie voting machines
were unloaded at Santa Clara, where
they will be used at the town election
there on April 4. The other twelve
were moved into the courthouse to
day. Frank C. Jordan, .clerk of the
State Supreme Court and agent for the
machines in Northern and Central
California, was present superintending
the work. Several of the machines
will be tried at the town election to
be held in Los Gatos In a few weeks.
*The entire number will be used in the
fall election to be held in Santa Clara
County In November. Each of them
is incased in a metal case about the
size of/a piano box. One of the ma
chines will be set up in the office .of
the County Clerk for inspection and
that the voters may become acquaint
ed with It before the national election.
nftecn United States Standard In
struments Will Be Used in Fall
Klectlon.
SAX JOSE TO HAVE
VOTING MACHINES
6EOTJI* Korea, Feb. 12. — Seoul
to-day has witnessed the clos
ing of the RuEsian legation and the
departure of M. Alexander Pavlov, the
Russian Minister, his family and staff,
;.s well as a complete legation guard
of upward of sixty men. In addition
to the members of the legation and
other Russian officials priests and resi
dents left Korea to seek a haven of
refuge.
At 8 o'clock in the morning large
crowds had assembled at the railway
station, many to say good-by to valued
friends, but more " drawn by curiosity.
In a heavy snowstorm stood American,
British, French, German, Italian, Bel
elan and Japanese Ministers and lega
tion officials to bid farewell to their un
happy Russian colleague, and lined up
on the platforms were some 130 Jap
anese soldiers, restraining the crowd
from interfering with the comfort uf
the travelers.
The special train which had been pro
vided by the Japanese Railway Com
pany left at twenty-five minutes to 9
©'clock. It comprised three cars, and
on the platforms of each were stationed
Japanese eoldlers.. Although there was
plenty of color and life, the scene was
anything but a fray one, and bore many
evidences cf sadness, for none of the
passengers were leaving of their own
free will.
In less than one week the active Jap
anese Government had outstripped its
powerful opponent in striving for con
trol of the Hermit Kingdom, and rorne
1500 troops of Japan had quietly and
without opposition marched into Seoul,
thus securing possession of the city,
for it would be the last thought of the
Korean Government to use its army of
20.000 eoldiers against any force of
armed men possessing evidence of
etrength.
The troops had scarcely found rest
in temporary barracks before the Jap
anese Minister sent a polite message tc
the Russian Minister, through his
friend, the Vicomte de Fontenay, the
French Minister, Indicating that his
fT.tir.ued presence In Korea was not
desired at this particular moment.
There was no alternative but to give
immediate compliance to the wishes ex-
Iires-sed by the representative of the
Japanese Government.
HOW THE RUSSIANS LEFT.
At a quarter to ten o'clock the spe
cial train, bearing the Russian Min
ister. M. Pavlov, his family, the lega
tion attache?, his marine guard and the
Il-^i^fian residents of Seoul, eighty-four
}ifr. c or.5 all told, reached the Chemulpo
railway station from Seoul. At the
railway station at Chemulpo were
drawn up two hundred Japanese
troops. At the head <if the hatoba
(landing state), adjacent to the sta
tion, an additional three hundred
ir-'Cipp were nn guard.
Major CJeneral Ic-hichi of the Japan;
ese forces, accompanied M. Pavlov on
the train, alto ML Eugene Dradier,
Vice Consul for France at Seoul. No
others outside of the Russian party
vere allowed on the train. The Rus
sian legation guard, numbering sixty
four marines, vere detrained" fully
armed, with full cartridge belts and
fixed bayonets.
As XL Pavlov, at the head of his
party, with the Russian marines bring
ing up the rear, passed down the line
of Japanese troops, a salute was blown
on the bugles and the men stood at at
tention. The party was joined by the
Consul. M. Pollanovsky and the half
dozen Russian residents of Chemulpo
end proceeded directly to the landing
ctage. where launches and cutters from
both the British cruiser Talbot and
the French cruiser Pascal were wait-
Ing. The party embarked at once and
proceeded to the Pascal, which will
leave for Chefu, China, as soon as ar
rangements are completed with Rear
Admiral Urlu, commanding the Jap
anese fleet at the entrance to the har
bor, for the free passage of the ship.
In spite of the far-reaching Influence
possessed bv M. Pavlov In the Korean
Court up to five days ago, not a single
Korean official was present to wish
him good-by. M. Pavlov's arrivals
action of Japan in ordering him and
his people from a neutial country, al
though, of course, his complaints fell
upon unheeding ears.
One can imagine the consternation
that has come over the Korean court
in witnessing the official- degradation of
the representative of the mighty Czar
of all the Russias.
During the troubles following the
war between China and Japan, in
which unhappy Korea was again the
scene of action, the Korean King flei
to the Russian legation for personal
safety and the expostulation of the
Japanese Minister availed nothing. Tht
King remained with his Russian
friends for nearly eighteen months and
could only be seen within the walls of
the Russian legation until the clamor
ing of his own people induced him to
return to his palace.
Now his Majesty, who has since be
come an Emperor, is in despair,' for he
has no confidence in the promises of
Japan, and his only hope lies in the
iintimate victory of Russia, in whose
vast power he had placed all his re
liance.
Before leaving Seoul the Russian
Minister bitterly protested against the
The French cruiser Pascal, that car
ries M. Pavlov and his party from
Korea, will go to Chefu as soon as per
mission Is obtained to pas3 through
the Japanese fleet.
From Chefu to Port Arthur it is but
eighty, miles, but Just now those eighty
miles are important ones^ as they con
tain a large Japanese fleet engaged. in
attacking Port Arthur, the Gibraltar
of Asia, and it is difficult to say when
M. Pavlov will reach Port Arthur and
be able' to report to Viceroy Alexieff
the full extent of Russia's reverses in
Korea that have occurred In such an
incredibly short space of time.
One of the last official acts of the
departing Russian Minister was to re
quest the aid of the American Min
ister In removing the Russian refugees
from Tuesday's naval engagement at
Chemulpo, now on board the British,
French and Italian cruisers, to some
neutral country, where they can
remain until the war Is terminated,
and thus avoid the humiliation of be
ing held prisoners in Japan, and the
American Minister, after consulting
with his Japanese confrere, has wired
his Government for instructions. \
The situation contained in this ques
tion is, indeed, one involving delicate
diplomacy. The Russian refugees are
not prisoners of war, at least, not yet.
After scuttling their ships in the har
bor of a neutral country they, escaped
to the vessels of other neutral coun
tries. The sea battle that led to their
defeat and consequent destruction of
their ships was commenced In neutral
waters and the protests of the nations
who have accepted the refugees were
ignored.
It Is claimed that the British officer
who was sent with the joint protest to
the flagship Mikasa of the Japanese
fleet failed by a few minutes to reach
the Japanese admiral before the unex
pected early' movement of the Rus
sian vessels precipitated firing. All
circumstances considered, it is . be
lieved that Japan will agree to the re
moval of the unfortunate Russian
refugees to a neutral port, under dis
tinct assurances that they will not
be permitted to again* take up arms
during the present conflict.'
It is good for Korea that it is so, for
a more oppressed, downtrodden people
does not exist on the face of the earth.
Nevertheless it will be a work of time,
care and patience to convince the peo
ple that their rulers will no longer be
able to "squeeze" them and that they
may develop prosperity by their own
Industry.
QUESTION OF REFUGEES.
All this within six days from the date
that Japan announced that she would
adopt her own course without further
consultation with Russia if that coun
try continued her policy of refusing to
withdraw from Manchuria and of de
clining to consider the claims advanced
by Japan concerning Korea, But a few
days ago the influence of the Russian
Minister was all powerful at the Rus
sian court, and when his Japanese col
league requested 'an imperial audience
he was Informed that his Majesty was
indisposed.
Ever since the assassination of the
former Queen of Korea, on October 8,
1895, the Emperor of Korea, his govern
ment and the Korean people generally
have mistrusted the Japanese, and his
Majesty has placed reliance on the
pledges offered him by Russia.
Suddenly a body of troops arrived at
Seoul, and the Japanese Minister, with
out deigning to consult the trembling
Korean monarch, suggests that Korea
does not need advice nor assistance
from Russia any longer, and her Min
ister has no other choice than to obey.
Already the Emperor of Korea is
pleading for forgiveness and offering
assurances of better government in fu
ture; but whether Russia is able to re
assert her power with the Korean gov
ernment or not, Kprea's days of com
plete independence have been number
ed and the full number counted.
ONE WEEK'S CHANGES.
The effect upon his Majesty and the
higher Korean official circles of the
Russian naval reverses of the last few
days and the prompt observance of th«
demand of the Japanese Minister, M.
Hayashi, for the withdrawal of M. Pav
lov and his countrymen from the Ko
rean capital can hardly be overesti
mated. The Korean officials who are
known to be of the Russian party at
the capital, and who have been work
ing with M. Pavlov for the further
ance of his plans regarding the future
of Korea, are hiding in fear and trem
bling. Some have fled from the city
and others dare not show themselves
for fear of Japanese reprisals, now that
they hold the balance of power.
There were no visible signs of dis
composure among the Russian party as
it embarked to-day, but a general air
of sadness hung over it and the friends
who had come to say good-by. The
farewells were short and hurriedly
spoken, as though all were anxious to
have an unpleasant though unavoid
able task quickly over with. And the
question that was uppermost In the
minds of all was, "When and under
what auspices will the departing ones
i-eturn?
The impossible has occurred. The
representative of one power has or
dered the representative of another
power to leave, with all his country
men, from the capital of an independ
ent neutral country, one over which
neither of the powers in question is
internationally supposed to possess an
atom of control. With the withdrawal
of M. Pavlov to-day the Russian flag
has disappeared from Korean soil, and
Its return will be one of the Important
milestones in Oriental history.
KOREANS ARE OVERAWED.
and departures from Korea have al
ways heretofore been events of note
in Korean official circles. They were
always present bearing gifts \f or the
Minister and his family and a special
deputation from his Majesty, the Em
peror, was always conspicuous. To
day's departure was in marked con
trast and is indicative of the ebb of
Russian Influence at the Korean Court.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
Flag of Russia Is Hauled Down in Seoul and the Once-
Powerful Representative of the Czar Is Com
pelled to Leave the Country.
JAPAN IN A SINGLE WEEK
MAKES OF KOREAN EMPIRE
VIRTUALLY A VASSAL STATE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY, MARCH 23, lQOi.
California Packers' Company of San
Jose Makes Demand on
Its Agent.- '«v ;
SAN JOSE, March 22. — The Califor
nia Packers' Company to-day, brought
WANTS IiUEHXIXG TO
ACCOUNT FOR PRUNES
5
A P'VTS'W-TTfl'rc'M'T-'NT'**-
loss of their girlish forma
d^5L\^F after marriage. The bearing
All of this can be aroided,
however, by the use of Mother's Friend before baby comes, as this
great liniment always prepares the body for the strain upon it, and
preserves the symmetry of her form. Mother's Friend overcomes all the
danger of child-birth, and carries the expectant mother safely through
this critical period without pain. It is woman's greatest blessing.
Thousands gratefully tell of the benefit and relief derived from tho
book, telling all about • itMgwlt /— j-
this liniment, will be sent free. .' iSU gSttMt^b iSM© 1*P\»
Tie BraWrid Bsgilatv c«., AtlMta, Ga. B3 a ill^SslBayUa
R. R. Engineer
Saves a Life.
JNO. J. FULTON CO.
On his visit to this city last fall Mr. Han-
num was not extra well and procured a bottle
of Fulton's 'Compound to have with him In
ease of an emergency. Not feeling the need ot
It on his return to Ennls, he gave It to. the pa-
tient mentioned I above. ' Even then he would
not take It, feeling certain that nothing could
be done for him.
Mr. Hannum now sends back home the de-
tails of the Interesting denouement.' The pa-
tient finally got eo badly off that his life was
despaired of, and the end was looked for dally.
He could not get his breath and was In the
smothering condition that comes toward the
lust and had to be propped up in bed with pil-
lows In order to breathe. His condition be-
came so extreme that his physician was unable
to aid him cr offer any hope, and he then re-
sorted to the bottle left by Mr. Hannum..
In a short time be was resting and breathing
easier, and he continued to Improve till ¦ at
last account he had made such fine progress
that he drove to the city himself to get further
supplies of the Compound, his only concern
being that there might be none of it at. hand.
As a matter of fact there was none in Ennls
and they had to send to Fort . Worth for It.
This seeming miracle created great Interest,
and. the physician in the case, who was an In-
terested observer, told Mr. Hannum he would
hereafter use the Compound In his practice.
Mrs. Hannum gave.ua these facts, . and they
can be relied upon.
For Brlght's Disease and Chronic Kidney
Disease to g«t the same thing Mr. - Hannum
gave this patient ask for Fulton's Renal Com-
pound—the only known cure. Jno. J.. Fulton
Co., 409 Washington street. Ban Francisco,
sole compounders. . At all flrst-'clasa druggists
In this city. Send for literature and list of
Coast and Eastern agent* -
»T»HB FOIXOWINO FACTS ARE REPORT-
ed from Ennts. Texas, by W. C. Han-
num. an engineer on the Texan Central R. R.,
running out of Ennis.
Mr. Hannum's home i« at 132S Union street
in this city. During one of his visits horn*
last year he told of a serious cue of Blight's
Disease living a little out of Ennis and that
he went to see the patient to tell him that they
were curing it In California. He failed to In-
terest him.
§ "Economy of itself is a £reat r:v- / s** , Thc New Dress Goods "sale ends to-
¦« cnue." Trading at ihs Emporum » one fo'hVii- > AT f , * day, a manu'actum', Mrnplc peces or this s-ason s
* ricty cf economy, practiced by thouunds of CUiiorniaiH . YtZ V> ' £^>§4f/ '/*/**/ i B i t#f ?• I, 1 "*? e ** V- y n, aT/- /
£. andcthera. The ccmbinafon \n many '.in s cf lurn«. £&?/? ilA^il/C/^UZJdilli ¦ 5 pT ?'%'*,?"*/'' Black Epin^le; 5 O-
l reiuce. operating exoen M , to .uch =n «-enr that oral «r/ t "Z,!^7t^L \J l/WW* ZS£*=~> "} *'"'* J?"5"'£- in ' Black TjilU; 5™
K saving, here approximate io p=r cent, wh-le ih.- f^c» l.MlW""' 1 **"* *£ 54^. Colored I l!O-
J sales" .how reduction, of f ro P mi5 t'»,o p«r cnt. Are . GRANDEST GTOBC £?? ££%^"lorSijfn^
S* you one of Tne Emporium's cuitomen ?- . "^^ l • orea Ifattste, 44-m. Latift Jailor MtuingS.
$ These Artistic WfBSStS Worih $1*50 Confirmation Suits
| ClOCkS $f.$5 ant M £f 7S a* 95 G For B oys 8 to W Years
*£ We bought ail that ihc manufacturer had left of thes; new \ •«¦••• *fF M m M <+0 CSS «7«Jrv Youths' black or blue unfinished worsted long
* and brautiful Art Nouveau clocks, unfortunatrly only ioo Great WednesddV Sbcrictl Sale. pants sifits, perfectly tailored and i bed with
«.» o! them. We are lorrv there are onv 100. for wh:n - * •
\ *&± wJhave^ o°^ " thing a, *„ to Sev eral hundred fine Cotton Waists in s e cr e gc; 7" r^
j, a- ,„_ ,„ .,„_-,. w-iiL-f f-> have . ¦....- • every stitch si. k; srzss tor Z _ vj
7* /ZSSs^TX ottrr cur customers we JiJte ta nave i-U. roa nrati^r ettrloe wrill Ho r\Iirorl r»r» cr»<a— ' * S ~ n
i y^§^^i\ « many pro F ic a. po»ibie get a tnree pretty styles win De placed on spe I+ to , 9 g*f* (rif
!S fe-W!C$'w&\ sh " e in thc d!!tribution ' and so cial sale in the -main aisle to-day years... mpBGJaMiJ M/r^
if Wm^M^^^^ (Wednesday) at a price Which does not Boys' Three-Picce S»te-A!l- ff f\
I fc ° "y^^T^^s illustration shows the un'qu: Cupid GOVeT the COSt to pfOdllCe th a !Tl. ThllS w ° o1 «erges and chsvioti in I *•" '
% WW ¦^•"^'"ui Vt'the the big store afYords you another oppor- **£%"% $5.OO -
''* Win Yir p^tty French gray nnhh; the tunityto supply yourself with summer " I r •
S ¦ W^ktft ¦ ™*«kw « one we fuly guar- XV aist» at a great saving. It will pay vou to purchase ha f Boys* Thrce-Plccc Suits— PA c /
\K Via *UM sntec » an<1 wc wl!1 ™ f v ai y° ur j f i • fL • —+ Imoorted b'ue worsteds and /lV • /
! f ftjjif money ifthe clock works are notT a dozen *t the sale price. The/ arc genuine Q lm P" ncAb. uc »onteu s and
It mMiMW entirely satisfactory; worth $2.50; > 1 .50 and $ 1. 75 waists; to-day only, each. ZPnJG icrges; ages 8 to 16 yetrs *A\ Jtot
\$ W^m*"*- ¦¦¦'$* -* s Silk Shirt Waist *%$$£m^g IT
' *f ¦ G*mmSJS** £**m* & HJH EZ6% terns; ages 8 to 16 vears I I I
I Fiowers and Foliage SUitS Wr $1*B:OU . $1.00 ™*$i.25 «
•2f Special Sale TO-Day Thc Emporium has never /^^ Dussian Blouse Svits— For boys AlW
j'« A vast quantity of the beamitui new small shown prettier garmems than zji to 6 year, of bice, -^^g
S flowers and foliage, with which the Summer "thoie displayed this spring. f f gray or red cheviot; all wool;
$ milinery is to be trimmed, is on display in, Every^ piece mdicte. good ta.ne J^ Eton coha » « nd >lIk «" • • • • $3.50
I* specially constructed boothi around rotunda, ln cho . oslD g T an ? o«gwa.ity in Nobby Little Overcoats-For boys 4 to 10
\i second floor, and back of ribbon counters on conception. In justice to your- years, made of the same fabrics and in thc
j «C main floor; and here are some of the price*. ielf y oa cannot decide upon your " «»»e colors as papa's; Scotch tweeds in gray
i \ for to day onlv new 8 P rm 8 gown until you have V»i«,yV-.- V / and tan mixtures; gilt buttons, velvet collars;
I Beautiful Baby Rose's! Bunch. 25c,3Op,35b s « n our » howin g' 5^ for 4 to I O year, 5^.00
J Forget-me-nots-ln violet, bluet, black and white . . . New Foulard Shirt Waist pA \ Another Russian Blouse Suit— For boys 2 J4
It • • ' • • • ••••••...• • ij*p9 25C jj PCSSCS — The waist neatly p'.cated .;'/;* \ , \ to 6 years, with Econ collar and silk tie;
I S R °: C 1 \ 5O ' W Foliar /. 1O%: 25% «d piped, skirt a full 7-gore flare. % M good wearing material; only . . $2.95
*i Small Rosebuds — In »'.l the new shades; bunch . . 40O each gore piped; the colors blue ,- p*j \ ¦
*^ Untrlmmed Dress Shapes— In the new cham- o _ - an d white and black and white •/' \u \ §4 'sanHXmwfh S 'c*4F Qofa
\ pagne colored and natural straw, ...... S5O f ancv fi BUre d effect!' daintV wel'- & # A nanOKerCWOl
I Children's Untrimmed HiU-The natural straw, with »ncy hguredettec 8, dainty, wci. /, , | A Women's lOc-Mcn's 7g
*• bell crown SOO 7SO mac * e p'7'5° sult *» ' / ';••'•/*> * \ ¦—•*¦—¦
S Swell French Hats- Charnvng 'de,ign S ' executeAy our here for . . '. . . S14.5Q h V '^tf'A £ \ Hundred, of dozens plain hematitched linen and faney em-
2* vin skilled nrlliners- the ordinary " /'''•n/ • ' \ ' ' >r - >ldcre ° an " Iacc edged handkerchiefs, some with em-
*? f« 00 and 00 values, here for $25*00 Tnllcta Silk Shirt Waist DrCSSCS ['.I : :m/ V{ [t \ broidered corners, kce corners and embroidery and lace
$ Small Turbans and Toques New ideas .. $15.00 -Black only and a gocd quality of silk, I'd ,'.%/ \\\' \ or insertion F.cur dc L.s, butterfly and bow knot pat-
C- Yountf Ladies' Trimmed Hats -Fancy braid.. 55. I/O neatly tucked and with pleated skirt; also III »' , . ;», ; *L^X terns, medaUiont, , etc.; a great collection of pretty,
%' Ready.to.W«ar Hats-Swellest stves, for a $17.50 value, here &t fl/l . dainty handkerchirf*, suitable for many purpo.o, conet
£ . /. . SL93t*$e.BO for. ....... §15.00 *^- "^ ?.&£}. 1Q C
=T- Handsome Louisine Shirt Waist Suit,; 0**2$* Kg* Men's Union Linen and japonette H-^tlrch-i Mani-
H BOYS' StraW SaHOrS b ' ack » b!ue and brOWn ' S2t~5O and ... SP*Zi3mC2tU? kerchiefs- Largest, worth ioc each; Wed- _
If r-, ¦ « ¦ .. „. ' ,, .." tmnn ,^ Fine Voile Skirts— Even ltneth, shirred top, side pleated, in black, n.-sdav and Thursday, each £C
! j» The new shapes and straws (both smooth brown and cream white $10.00 —i '1
h and rough braids) in boys' sailor hats are Rainv-day Skirt— StyUsh mixtures, $6.00 value $5*OO - *» - a •
*L now readv- white and a , • , * l 4-s t * ? * j j GrOGemeS—3-IS3UO2 m S
* <- - - now reag y» wnite ana large variety of beautiful styles of dress atid ' , , , ,
i Wi . teMiHJ^Sfg^ whlIe with b ' uc cd g c runabout skirts, $7.30 io $25.00. * Wednesday and Thursday
K . brims, and black and _ m _ mm^ mm^^ mmmmma^ mmmmmm^ mmm^ mm .^_^ mmm^^ mmmmm Health Coffees— Posrum Cerea!, Fig Prune or Old Grist
£ white mixtures, with _ _ Mill, package fQ O
* bands of assorted colors; 50 styles in 5 dif- Sheet MUSIC 5C SHU SUG 50c fea«- Uncolorsd Japan, Ookng or Engish B-cal:
% ferent grades. : .- To-day only these very good titles: - i^^^^^^^if^i
J. SOCf 75C f $1, $1*25, $1u5U /if So At IOC Cudahy'* Soap— The popular E&mottl C brand (save
*° Wash Sailor Caps— In white, tan and blue; extra va'ue My Dainty Dragon Fly Lenore, My Own ignore the wrappers), 15 bars SOC
*t at -5OC Ivy, My Water Lou My Lady Hottentot Port cr Sherry Wines — 75c and Ji. 00 regularly; for the
fc" Boys' Khaki Hats— To match the niti . . . . 2GC May, Sweet May Moon, Moon two days, gallon 58c
H N01 folk Go'f Caps— In fancy m'xturcV; ;n ex a value Old Glory Girl With the Changeable Eyes Kentucky Rivzr Bourbon— Full »4-gal. bottles SI- O5
fi? at . . '. . 45o My Dinah My AUm:da Rose , Crystallized Rock and Rye— Bottle 3Qc
' *I Kinasbury S3.OO Hats for Men— Queen of Bohemia The Game of Eyes * Maraschino Cherries— Pints 35c; half pints . .20 C
I* The new Spring styles, both stiff and soft, are ready. My Josephine Troubles of Reuben and Maid Sauterne and Reis'.ing— Extra dinner w:n-s; gal . . 68C
now and give it a trial to-night. Ac-
cept no substitutes and remember that
there is no remedy "just as good." A
liti'e book on the Cause and Cure of
Piles is published by the Pyramid
Drug Company, Marshall. Mich., and
will be sent free to any address.
"I recommend 'Pyramids' wherever
I know of any one suffering as I did.
It sivrs me pleasure to be able
to say I am entirely cured, which my
doctor say? is true. I pay God bless
Pyramid Pile Cure." From a former
prfl sufferer, Mrs. F. Ancott, 1206
Unity street. Frankford, Philadel-
phia. Pa.
This remedy, which is sold by drugr-
grists generally, in 50 cent and dollar
packages, is in a suppository form, is
applied directly to the parts affected
and performs its work quietly and
j;ainlcssiy. Its value is evidenced by
the testimony given above, and we
ursr<? all sufferers to buy a package
Knotr the Value of Pyramid Pile Cure.
"Gratitude alone prompts me to tes-
tify to the efficacy of Pyramid Pile
Cure. Last March I bought a dollar
package at the drug store, which cured
me of bleeding piles, and I was a suf-
ferer from them for eight years; but
I had not been troubled with them
Fince. until last September, when I
ps-ve birth to a baby girl, and after
that I had a very severe case of pro-
truding piles, which a trained nurse
paid was the worst case she ever saw,
and my doctor told me to get Pyra-
mid PI1«? Cure again, which I did, and
was completely cured in three days.
I have not had piles of any kind since,
and it is all owing to this wonderful
remedy. My nurse took a box, which
I w.is Kiad to be able to srive her. for I
know j«h<? will be able to help lots of
suffering people whom I could never
hop or know.
PHYSICIANS EVERYWHERE
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE EMPORIUM
THE EMP07UUM.
THE EMPORIUM
THE EMP0E1UM
I "1 LIKE TO TRAVEL j
H Yes, people like to travel cm the Burlington, because people like to be treated p y
H nicely, like to be satisfied. . . f \ 9
H The Burlington has the reputation of caring for the guests who travel upon its f I|
H trains just a little more carefully, just a little better than thc ordinary railroad — and this .-.- y
I reputation is admirably sustained. IJ
H That's why people enjoy traveling on thc Burlington — that's why you will enjoy y H
ra your trip east if you make sure your ticket reads over the Burlington. |!|
H When you are ready to go East, fill out the coupon below and mail it to
B Mr. Sanborn. You will get 1 ; ¦ j^ — I
H thr rltrhr answer to all the w « D « 8ANBORN, General Agent Burlington Route, if
m tnc ngnt answer to an tne . ejji Market 8treetf 8 an francisco: \\
U Questions you care to ask about P | ea se .end me complete : information about the Burtlngton r|
1 " the trip. Overland Excursions. Wj
fa ¦' • ' want to go to ¦ . ' 1 j
La Beit Gne from.DenTer to St. Louii. Nam* \\
M World's Fair opens April 30. , ji|OAKLAND, March 22. — The estate
of Herman Meyer, deceased, formerly
owner of the Eureka Hotel property,
has been appraised at $48,347. The
hotel Is. valued at $36,600. - The estate
is divided amonsr three children.
Meyer Estate Appraised.
OAKLAND, March . 22. — Five-hun
dredths of an inch of rain fell during
the twenty-four hours ending at 1
p. m. to-day, making a total for the
present season of 26.06 inches, as com
pared with 20. 80 inches at the same
date last year.
The Local Rainfall.
OAKLAND, March 12.— The follow
ing marriage licenses were issued by
the County Clerk to-day: Nicholas W.
Kleyn-Schoorel, over 21, and Amy
Flagrg, over 18,' both' of Berkeley;
James R. Dickstm, over 21, and Jennie
Rehshaw, over 18, both of Oakland.
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND, March 22. — M. J. Kel
ler, D. Edward Collins and R. H. E.
Espey, representing the Associated
Charities, held a conference this
morning'with Police Judges Mortimer
Smith and George Samuels in refer
ence to the handling of youthful of
fenders that they might not be sent
to the City Prison. .
Care for. Young Offenders.
Close of the Star Course.
OAKLAND, March 22. — The last oi
the star course of entertainments at
the Young Men's Christian Associa
tion will be given Thursday evening,
March 24. The Mozart Symphony Club
of New Tork will give a concert un
der the direction of Marie Blodeck and
Richard Stoelzer. An. excellent pro
gramme has been prepared.
Claims He 'Was Robbed.
OAKLAND, March 22.— Thomas Me-
Kinney, a laborer, residing at 201Q
Linden street, has complained to the
police that he was robbed of $40 lasi
njght; in Charles Rutledge's saloon.
Twenty-ninth street and San Pablc
avenue. ,
Coreys Make Up Their' Differences.
Mrs. Carr Given Decree—Fred
crick 'Morrison Sues.
OAKLAND, March 22.— A recon
ciliation -¦¦; has been effected between
Guy E. Corey and Lizzie M. Corey and
to-day the husband dismissed the di
vorce suit begun by him two weeks
ago. He is a blacksmith and alleged
cruelty as the ground of his complaint.
Sarah E. Carr was granted a divorce
to-day from Thomas M. Carr on the
ground of willful neglect. He was a
Petaluma farmer and refused to sup
port his wife properly". - • * .
' t Suit for; divorce was instituted \ by
Frederick H., Morrison., to-day -against
Christina Morrisori-on the ground of
cruelty. .-, . '
UNHAPPY COUPLES IN
TILE DIVORCE COURT
Ki-.oMrl Fortcne, George C*lvert: Skinner <a
miser). A. B. Wlcdom; Gilbert Ilartctrood. W.
McCutcheon ; Jack Nelson, Otto tHehl; Law
w.(> McKe^ean. Charles Bumham; Detective
RaEkln. A. C Donaldson; Jessie Fortune, Mins
CelU Conrcy; Mm. Dodge, Mrs. Maud Hlmes.
Following is the committee of ar
rangements:
Mr». R. P. Fc«t«-r. Mrs. O. S. Phllbrhk.
Mr*. Annie Scott. Or. A. 8. Kflly, AlexanJer
McPhee and Emil Fritsch.
OAKLAND, Morch 22. — Oakland
Court ICo. 6. Tribe of Ben Hur, has ar
ranged a dramatic entertainment and
dance to b«» given at the Temple of
Ben Hur Friday evening:, March 25.
A vaudeville programme will be fol
lowed by th«» two-act comedy-drama,
"Hickory Farm," by the following
cast: I,,.-:
Tribe of Ben Hur to Entertain.
ALAMEDA, March 22. — Memorial
windows have been contributed by the
following to the new religious edifice
for the First Presbyterian Church on
Chestnut street and Santa Clara ave
nue that is to be dedicated on Caster
Sunday: Relatives of the late Rev.
R. L. Tabor, an early pastor of the
church; Boys' Brigade, Ladies' Aid
Society, Christian Endeavor, relatives
of the late Christian Brock, Samuel
Haslett and Winifred Haslett Tyson,
relatives of the late Josiah Hand, Mrs.
Sarah' W. Hastings, David C. Alexan
der, Mrs. Caroline Webster and of the
late Edmund Y. Garrette.
The windows have arrived here
from Chicago and will be installed this
.week. . .
New First Presbyterian Edifice of
Alameda Will Be Artistically
Lighted.
MEMORIAL. WINDOWS
DONATED TO CHURCH
Professor W, W. Campbell, director of the
Lick Observatory, has been elected a foreign
member of one of the leading scientific societies
In Italy, in w'hlch membership Is considered
a Flrnal honor.
The half-hour of music which was to have
been jrlv«-n at the Greek Theater on Sunday
last by the military band of • the cadet regi
ment will be given In the Greek Theater at
¦4 o'clock next Sunday afternoon. The pro
gramme will be the same as that announced
for the concert for last Sunday.
BERKELEY, March 22.— The executive com
mittee of the Associated Students j last night
decided to establish a training tattle for the
track athletes for. the -rest of the season. Jt
Is Intended for men who have already won
eorcethlngr In previous - intercollegiate contests.
It will be particularly advantageous to the
long-distance men. though i n<U of. any special
benefit to the weight-throwers. . , For a long
time Trainer Christie hag been ' ctruggllng to
secure a training table so. that the men may
be served with the proper food durtne train
ing. In the boarding and fraternity houses,
where most of them live, they are unable to
get the necessary diet; Half the expense of
the training table will cost the Associated
Students about $250, the other halt being
provided by the men themselves, who will
pay individually ft 60 a week.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
OAKLAND, March 22-— The contest
over the estate of Katherine'Hahn, de
ceased, has been settled and to-day no
tice 'wf the dismissal of the appeal
from the decision of the' lower "-cdurt
was received from the clerk of the Su
preme Court." ':
The estate is appraised at $120,622
and Is divided equally among five
heirs. The appeal was taken by Rosa
Barron and George H. Hahn, as trus
tees of the estates of the other heirs,
heirs.
When the will of the deceased was
read it was found that she had di
vided her estate avnong Adolph A. G..
Emll J. and George H. Hahn, Rosa
Barron, John P. Beck" and Mary R:
Kast. She had left the property, how
ever, to two of the children in trust.
John P. Beck and Adolph Hahn were
dissatisfied and contested the will,
which was set aside by Jud&e Hall
on the ground that the trust clause
was illegal.
The trustees appealed the case, but
have dismissed the same.
Appeal From- the Incision Setting
>' • Aside the Will ol the.' Deceased. *
: - ' Ilaa Been Dismissed. • j -
lIAIIX IIELRS^SETTIiE' -': t ;
v - ' :~ TIIEIR- DIFFERENCES
Mrs. Parker was long a worker in the
cause of Christianity and was a woman
of notable intellectual powers, j Her
funeral will be held in Oregon City,
where the interment will also be.
ALAMEDA, March 22.— Mrs. Asa
Parker, mother of the Rev. Gilman
Parker, pastor, of the First Baptist
Church, passed away last evening on
the sixtieth anniversary of the day and
hour of her wedding. Her demise took
place at Oregon City, Or., telegraphic
notice of it being received here to-day.
Death was due to a stroke of paralysis.
Deceased was the daughter of Isaac
White, a soldier of the war of the Rev
olution and who during the early part
of the last century was the Sheriff of
Champaign County, Ohio. She was born
at Urbana, Ohio, in 1826, and on the 21st
of March, 1844, when 18 years of age,
became the bride at Plymouth, Ind., of
Asa Parker, who was six years her se
nior and who survives her. Besides her
husband Mrs. Parker leaves two sons
and a daughter— Rev. Gilman Parker of
this city, A. F. Parker of Oregon City
and Mrs. R. A. Fisher, whose home is
in Georgia.
Mrs. Asa Parker Expires on
; Sixtieth Anniversary, to
the Hour, of Her Marriage
It became very evident this afternoon
that there was going to be trouble be
tween the two classes if the majority
of the members of those classes could
bring it about. The proressors had
threatened expulsion and the classes
had passed resolutions against rushing,
but in spite of all this the freshmen
went up on the hill this afternoon and
dug the trench for the gigantic figures
of their class, '07, preparatory to filling
the trench with lime. The programme
was that a fire was to be built as a
challenge, and then the sophomores
were to rush the hill. When this was
learned Professor Corey appealed to
the Oakland and San Francisco police
departments for men and Policemen
Ford, Ahern and Gunther were sent
from Oakland in full uniform. They
were stationed with the San Francisco
men . uppn the hillside, with instruc
tions to stop any ruBh. •
The sophomore class formed in
Berkeley and finally went to Shattuck
Hall. to^ keep out of the wet while
awaiting the signal. There its mem
bers told stories and enjoyed refresh
ments, but at a late hour nothing had
been heard from the freshman class.
A squad of policemen, three from
Oakland and several from San Fran
cisco, is guarding the hill back of the
State University in a pouring rain to
night- in order to prevent a rush. Up
to midnight there were no traces of the
freshmen class, while the sophomore
class was in full force in Shattuck
Hall, holding a smoker ajj^j waiting for
the challenge it expected from the
freshmen.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, March 22.
SAD DEATH
OF AGED LADY
San Francisco and Oakland
Policemen Guard Hill in
Rear of the University
DR. JAMES B. ANGELL. WHO WILL
DELIVER CHARTER DAT AD
DRESS AT BERKELEY.
' "The State universities, have' .made
m6re progress in 'broadening" the sdope
of the scientific colleges than the en
dowed universities. This is simply be
cause the. State institutions have more
money. ' The\ endowed institution
usually must wait until some ..-one
makes a gift for some specific pur
pose. If the State institution want?
anything the authorities appeal indi
rectly to the people and eventually
their requests are complied with.
"It does not seem that people at
tach so much importance to the old
classic course that included Greece and
Latin as they formerly did. Per
sonally I am for the old classic course.
But. as I said, young men go to the
university to fit themselves for the
'struggle with the world and the future
and sc they incline toward the scien
tific colleges."
Owing to the inclemency of the
weather President "Wheeler announced
to-day that the Charter day exercises
would be held in Harmon gymnasium
instead of the Greek theater as had
been planned.
Only in a general way would Presi
dent Angell discuss the ways of uni
versities. Upon the ways of state, the
ways of foreign war and the wavs of
politics he knew nothing for publica
tion, but what he did say about the
universities exhibited the good, solid,
common sense thinker — not of the
theorist, the idealist. That there is
good in all institutions, State or en
dowed, expresses in a general way_
President Angell's views, and it all
amounts in the end to progress. In a
word, he Is an optimist.
"The University of California enjoys
a very good reputation in the East,"
he paid. "It is everywhere favorably
known. The engagement of Professor
Jacques Loeb gave the university some
prominence. It was a distinct loss to
Chicago when he left that university.
."In a general way California and
Michigan universities are very much
alike) There is really no difference,
for j Uiat matter. In the methbds of
conducting any university "supported
by the State. I take it that the State
university ¦¦ Authorities try to provide
the students* with just what the people
Lof the r 'State wish "/.them .provided, j
': /'And I think that 'this accounts for
the development of the scientific col-
Wges in th€ State universities. ] , They
are.ijjolng. in ;for..the mpre practical
things. For there will always be more
students in the department tbat.will
provide an immediate livelihood after
graduation than from those" that'lrim
only to give culture. . It is essentially
the duties of "the ; " Universities to : "fit
their students fbr.llfe.» *--;,;; t. i;
President Angell betrays little of
the fifty years of wear and tear of ac
tivity In his personality. He is hale
and ruddv and active.
but it demands some sort of re
search and study, and not even a uni
versity president may dash off 10,000
words without pausing.
"I'm going- to tell what I think
about "The Type of the State Uni
versity,' " said President Angell. "It's
going to.be short, too, because I don't
believe the people want to hear much
on a subject of that kind, especially if
it rains."
Many enthusiastic evangelists attend- :
ed the closing session of the Interde
nominational Conference c-n Evangelism
at the Union-street Presbyterian Church
this evening. The first session this
mtrrning was devoted to a discussion of
practical evangelistic methods by the
Rev. E. R. Dille, pastor of the First
M. E. Church of this city. Among the
other speakers were: Rev. A. I. Good
friend. Rev. W. C. Sherman, Rev. J.
A. Fraser, Rev. W. M. White, Rev. C.
M. Hill and Rev. R. C. Stcme.
At the close of the morning session
luncheon was served in the parlors of
the church, and at 1:30 p. m. the dele
gates reassembled for a general dis
cussion of the subject of evangelistic
work, in which a large number of
prominent clergymen took part.
The feature of the evening session
was a description by Rev. H. W.
Houlding of the many difficulties that
confront the Christian missionary In
China. Horace W. Houlding has re
cently returned from a missionary sta
tion In Northern China, and Ms dis
course this evening was most enter
taining. ' After, describing the work in
detail Mr. Houlding said:
"Many of those, interested in mis
sionary work make the mistake of at
tempting to urge faint-hearted people
to take up missionary work, when they
should rather hold them back. If the
Lord elects that one of his children
shal^ go forth into the field no urging
will be necessary nor will there be
any difficulty In raising funds for the
worlt-U::^ -•. . . . .-¦ .'.].:.?.[ .
< T'<iw ; *»t' you kn<?w what the,*mls
«iqnaiy • lol^tina mjist ,f afce^ fc-Jf ot oijly
the/J^t^fe/Asiatieit^yera ja»d th^^ar
llllty 'of^the natives .discpurage ida 'ef-
ToTtsr "bur- tUe" difficulties" of I opening
up the more remote districts. And y!«t,
-rn-flpite-o£ ell thte.-the-Go&pel Is Stead
ily winning its way onward." ;
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
ill8 Broadway, March 22.
Miss He'.en Crane entertained a-'whlst club
last Fridsr. th« prlee for the highest gcore
being won tor Miss Edi Curdts.
Mrs. Jo.hti Hampton Lynch of New York
Is visiting h«-r parent*. Mr. and Mrs. Jam<-«
Moffltt. ¦ ¦ . ,' / ,, ¦ ¦
Mrs. E. A. ¦ KJneg«l *¦ : e*tfa-t*lni»g- -*fr».
Horace R- Hobart of Chicago, j Mrs.yllobart
h.a» tntfi* a practice for several years cf spend
ing the Tnirter tn California apti- tlaiing- that
time h8s made many friends Jhere, who will
learn of her visit in Oakland with pleasure.'
At the. reception whlrh the King's Daughters
wi41 give at the Hom«r for Incnratoles to-nior
row the. guests will be greeted. In" company
with other officers. It pw. circle's new flnan
tiaj secretary, Mrs. i. A,. Spangler. She. wae
recently 'ejected to MJ^ti* „ raeanry made by'
the resignation of Mrs^^vr* Albrerht; wnp
was romofiM to give *if***h* offlce by; her
continue ill b*-alt*»r- •» — — • -• ' ."^r;'- — : ~t -
A whist club will b« entertalcpd tyVMra.' K.
B. Williams TVJ^ay aft..rnw*i: On Ra-tSrriaf
•he ladies of the :same club will enjojl a
luncheon at th* -Palace and later a matiiTfce
yxrf onnaire e - t»r — »**•.- Ftafc«-«t the -Grand
Opera-house. .V
A reception and exhibit of wild flowers wili
be given by the nat»re department of the pub
lic schools "here n*xt Saturday in the children's
room at the Fi-ee Library. About forty varie
ti*« of California wild flowers will be dis
played each being marked with its botanical
name. The school children are taking greit
interest *n the affair and a large volunteer
corps of flower gatherers «L1 ecour the fields
for fine specimens. Mis.s <Je Wolf, Miss Bertha
ttanman and Mrr. E. A. Kluegei are also
actively Jcteresled and will assist the students
la arranging the flowers in the library-
Mrs. Hildebrand. Mr*. G. A. Willard. Mrs.
Yorker. lire. C. W. Annes Jr.. Mrs. Rupert
¦Whitehead and Mrs. Carrol Georse.
Mies Mabel T. Gray, Mr*. J. B. Hume, Miss
Jennie Huff Mrs. C. W. Kinsey. Mm. T. C.
Coogan Mrs Z. T Gilpin. Mrs. Gaytes, Mrs.
Van cier Cook. Mrs. W. P. To4d, Mrs. W. G.
ralmantier, Mrs. C H. Rowe. Mrs. \V. J.
R*ed Mrs. J. A. Johnson, Mrs. C. F. Mau,
The programme was as follows :
Sonata, op. 10, No. 2 (lie^thov^n), Mn=.
I-achman; aria from "Carmen." "Io dico"
<Bizet>, Miss Levy; "Liebectraum" (Ltezt),
<a) "The Butterfly." <b) "Dance of the Elves"
(Grieg). Mrs. Lachman; selection* from "Ell
land" ("Rose iJranch." "Irmingard," "Ana
thema") <Von F>litz>, Miss Iyvy; <a) ••Ber
ceuse." <b> waltz. E minor. (c> echerxo. B
minor «"hcpin), Mrs. Lachman.
Mr*. Gt-orce M. Fhaw was presiding hostess
to-<Jay and in her recetvirig party were:
OAKLAND. March 22.— XbeWs March pro
erctnm* has b^en prollflc of delightful affairs,
but nor.f bar >x-*n nor* than the
piano and song rwital giv*>n to-day by Mrs.
Mabel Gray I^achman and h«r pupil. Miss
Blanche Levy of San Francisco. An rxcelleiit
programme was by these ladies and
it was much to be resetted that the stort.i
prevented many of the Ebell m<»mb*r9 from
b*-lns present. Mr*. Lachman's piano nuin
b».-!» were received with w»>ll-merit.ed applause.
etpwally the Griee selections.
The singing at Mis* Levy was a delightful
surprise. Notwithstanding the fact that ner
selection* wnv extremely ambitions for M>
young a linger — she hs* Jurt turned seventeen
the sane with a i-uiiiprehenFlon and tasvo
far beyond her years. Hfr voice Is a very
pleasing *cr>rano that promises to develop
rare dramatic i>ower. Each number was en
thueiaFticaily encored and in response fhe sang
Hawleys ' Cnder the Rose" and "I'm Wearing
A*«," by Arthur Foote.
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
EXPECT RUSH
AT BERKELEY
Inter - Denominational Con
ference Closes Its Labors
a!/ Presbyterian Church
BERKELEY, March 22. — James B.
Angell, president of the University of
Michigan, spent his first day in Berke
ley at the home of Professor George
H. Howison evolving the address he
will deliver to-morrow at the forty
fourth anniversary of Charter day at
the University of California. * The
speech is not going to be very long,
EVANGELISTS
END SESSION
Maggie Cronan. a domestic employ
ed at Thomas \V. Corder's residence,
1103 Ouk .street, was saved from being
burned to death this morning: through
the prompt action of Charles J. He<"s»
m.-in, a merchant; I^ou Hardie, the
veteran ball .'player, and William J.
McCoy, a prominent musician, who
rescued the young woman while her
garments were in flames.
Miss Cronan was drying clothes in
the basement of the Corder residence.
A floor joist caught fire near a stove
pipe. While trying to extinguish the
blaze the servant girl's dress "caught
afire. With screams for help she ran
out of the basement Into the yard.
Her cries attracted the attention of
the three men. who were pa«engers
on an electric car bound downtown.
They ran, to the resxme and quickly
had the blazing garments smothered
at some risk to themselves. The girl's
hands were severely burned, but she
escaped serious if not fatal injury.
The fire department responded to
a call and the flames in the basement
were extinguished with little damage.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111.8 Broadway, March 22.
Oakland Oflire San Francisco Call.
1118 Broatltvay. March 22.
Damasie Blouin, an old-time livery
Ftabl** man of Oakland, formerly owner
of the Bolmont staMes, committed eui
< id> this afternoon in his room at the
Nevada stables, 302 Eiphth street, by
drinkinp carbolic- acid and inhallnp il
luminating pa?. Despondency over
monf-y matters and the annoying at
tentions of a woman v.hope identity has
not been disclosed are said to be the
causes of Blouin'? deeds.
Blouin was foreman of the Nevada
Ftables. He was working about the
barn as late as 3:30 o'clock this after
noon. An hour or- so later \V. B. Mc-
Carloy, one of tl*f proprietors, smelled
j;as escaping. The odor was traced to
Blouin'g room. The door was locked
from the inside, s=o MeCarJey and
Charles Carletrnr forced an entrance,
llndin? Blouin senseles? on his cot and
pas flowing from a small stove. Dr.
}' lO «<? was caDed. but could not save
ibe man's life. Near the bed was a vial
that had contained carbolic . acid, and
there was external evidence that
Blouin hail drunSt the fluid.'
Blouin had lived in Oakland for tv.en
ly-five years. Recently forjune desert
ed him and he v.orked around the liv
ery stables, making a living as best he
ecdld. The stablemen said a .woman
had been a frequent caller at the barn
and that Blouin had spoken despond
ently concerning his circumstances. He
v.as a native of Canada, 53 years old
and unmarried. The Coroner has
charge of the case.
Girl's Clothes Catch Afire
While She Tries to Put
Out a Blaze in Basement
After Locking Himself in
His Boom, Dainasie Blouin
Quietly Ends His Life
SCKEA3IS ATTHACT THEM
ANNOYED BY A WOMAN
pld-Time Stableman Makes
Sure Work of His Kf
fort lo Commit Suicide
Three Men Hush to Eescue
* of Young Domestic Whose
Garments Are All Aflame
President James B. Angell of Michigan^ Who Will
Deliver Charter Day Address, Says Purpose of
Modern Colleges Is to Equip All for Life's Struggle
TAKES POISON
AND USES GAS
SAVE A WOMAN
FROM BURNING
STUDENTS ARE TURNING
FROM CLASSIC COURSE
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
CITY TO HAVE
A PEST HOUSE
BOOSTERS HOLD
DEMONSTRATION
Board of Health and City
Council Differ as to the
Location to Be Selected
Member! of New Club Take
Possession of Playhouse
and Address Big Audience
DOCTORS WANT M0XEY
WOULD BEAUTIFY CITY
Medicos Think That They
' Are Able to Spend the Ap
propriation Without Help
Energetic Citizens Pledge
Themselves to Work for
Passage of Bond Election
The club members met in the parlors
of the First Presbyterian Church and
at the appointed time marched in twos
to the rear entrance of the theater,
where they took a space , allotted to
them. Although the rain was coming
down in torrents, they marched in un
broken ranks and filled the stage with
representative business men of the city.
The figure of a '.'knocker" was carried
upon a bier by four pallbearers and was
cast into a trapdoor opening leading
to the under world.
The demonstration was one of the
most successful held in connection with
the bond election movement. At each
meeting of the Boosters' Club its en
rollment is being increased, until it is
thought in a few weeks more it will
number 1000. . Its purpose is to work
for the passage of the bond election to
be called shortly.
A unique demonstration in the rnove-%
merit toward voting bonds for the beau
tifying of the city and the consolida
tion of Oakland, Berkeley and Ala
meda into a greater city was made
by the Boosters' Club to-night, when,
a hundred strong and under the lead
ership of A. Dodge Coplin, the club
marched into the Liberty Theater Just
before the last curtain was runs down
on the play of "Barbara Frietchie," and
by arrangement took possession of the
house and presented to the audience
H, C. Capwell and Councilman A. H.
Elliott, each of whom spoke for. a few
minutes uDon the subject of voting
bonds and consolidation.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, March 22.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Alnmerfa County.
MONDAY. MARCH 21
James and Sarah M. Elliott iwife> to JwU
Itred (widow), lot on N line of Second utre^t,
100 E of Grove, E .'.0 by N 100. lots 26 and
27. block 22, Kellersberser'3 map. Oakland;
$10.
William D. and Katie M. West (wife) t»
William W. fhllcls and Arthur Arlatt. lots 1.
2 and S K of lot M. In block 2023, map No. 2.
Witcher Tract, Oakland; $10.
John J. Sullivan (single) to Benjamin Arlett.
subdivisions 7 to t). in lot 37. map No. 3. Olen
Echo Tract, etc., Oakland: $10.
Edwin and Maud B. Benner (wife). Harry
Benncr (and as their attorney) and Henrlanr.a
U. Benner to Charles Surnner. lota 80 and 81.
map l>rexler Tract; $10.
Clinton ami Mary V. Gurnee (wife) to M. J.
Hawley. lot on NE corner of Jayne avenu* and
Lee street, E 120. N C5. W 137.81. B B7.S*.
portion of lot 16, block A. map subdivision. Xo.
1. Adams Folnt property, Oakland; $10.
Edson F. and John Charles Adams and Julia
P. A. Prather to Helen A. Haraasthy (.wife of
Charles K.) lot beginning at point on line di
viding plats 2O and H, distant SW {CJ7.67 from
8W line of L<"t> street as per map of subdivi
sion No. 1, Adams Point proix-rty. taence alone
said. plat Mne SW 35 by SE 133, portion of
aforesaid plat 21. map Ranches V. and D. Pe
ralta. Oakland, deed and agreement; $10.
Rreso and Florence Clark (wife) to John E.
Fajier. lot on W line of Chestnut street. 200 Jf
of West Tenth \V SO by N 25. portion lot (J.
record map of Adeline Homestead Association
No. 1. Oakland; $10.
Thomas O. Kingsland to\ Margaret A. Klng«
lpnd. let on X line of Fourteenth street. 130
W of Grove. W 40 by N 103:9. Oakland; also
lot on NW corner of Tenth and Market streets.
N 87 by W 1U5. block CC8. Boardnun's map.
Oakland; also lot on TV corner of Seventeenth
avenue and East Tenth street. SW ISO by
?>'W 15O, block It), crinton. East Oakland; $10.
M. E and H. K. James (husband) to Frank
H. Avers (sinjrl*), Iot3 1 to 5 inclusrre and 8
and 9. block 2117, map Alden Tract at Temea
cal. Oakland: $10.
Frank II. Ayers (single) to Bay Shore Lum
ber and Mercantile Company, lots 1 to 4 m
clustve. lot 8 and W 10 feet of lot », block
2117. same map Oakland; $10.
E. A. or Edwin A. Phelps to Katla S. Pheips
(wife), lot on NW comer of Central ¦ aver.ua
(since widened to 80 feet) and Union gtreat,
W 75 by N ISO. Alameda; gift.
Peter or Peter I Emma and Inga Ramsey
(all single) to J. H. Long (single) lot on E
line of Hellen street, 4<X> X of B, N 5O by E
133, subdivisions A and B. in lot 3, block
790. map No. 2. Watts Tract. Oakland; $10.
J. H. Long (single) to Ingeborg o. Ramsey
(widow), same. Oakland; $10.
Joan C Stltt (executrix estate of Robert
Stitt) to William Cron Jr.. all interest in lot
on SE corner of Evoy avenue (Fortieth) and
W street. E !O by P 100, lot 1. map Quint
Tract. Oakland: $1130.
Frank M. and Eleanor J. Davia to Herbert
A. Wood lot on S Una of Thirty-fourth street.
11*5:3 W of West. W 32 by S 1(0. portion
lot 13, block K. Central Land Company, etc..
Oakland: $10.
Beach C. and Ethel Poule (Pommy), Alice
S. Blake (sole trustee for Kthel Pomroy under
will of Franc!s Ulak<») to R. W. ile»-k. lot on
S line of Alfcton street, 174 W of Telegraph
avenue W 13, S 142, E 13, N 142. SO. Oakland;
| io.
Edward H. and Lula Jam»s to H. T. Ardley.
lot on S line of Knox avenue. fi21.i« W of
Telegraph avenue. S 1S0.31. W 50. X tS4.7<S.
E r.i>.22.-> lot 1». and E 10 feet of lot 1^.
Krox Park. Oakland: $10.
Frank A. Roberts (single) to Martha B.
Roberta (wifft of Amos), undivided ij of >ot
on SW corner of Grove and Fifteenth streets,
W 10.1 by S 73:9. block 23«. Eoardman's map.
Oakland; sift.
Julia II. and John R. FaTslkes to Sophia
Dahl (widow), lot S. block 2117. map Alden
Tract at Temescal. Oakland: $H>.
J. A. and Emily V. Marshall to Annie K.
Sharwood. lot en NE corner of College nnH
and Parker street (Kearney avenue*. E VKi
by N 120. lot 10. and portion lot 7. block '¦'..
map property of John Kearney, etc.. Berkeley:
$10.
H. T. and Marcia Ardley to Edward IT.
James (married), lot on E line of Hillsgass
xtre-t. 2T.0 S of Derby. S ICO by E 14.H, lots
10 and 20, block B. Berry Bangs Tract. Berke
ley; $10.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway. March 22.
The City Council and the Board of
Health have two decidedly different
ideas upon the question of a pesthouse
for the city. The Council is desirous of
locating upon a tract of land donated
to the city by 'the Realty Syndicate, on
the banks of the tidal canal in Fruit
vale, while the F.oard of Health wants
to secure possession of the residence of
Daniel S. Richardson, formerly Assist
ant Postmaster of San Francisco, who
lived in Highland Park. But while
these two municipal bodies differ as to
location, both are agreed upon the
necessity of a pesthouse, or hospital,
for contagious diseases. It is now
costing the city $10,000 a year to handle
cases of this kind, the municipality
being compelled to pay for guards
where they quarantine a house. The
bill for guards alone amounts to an
average of $7000 a year.
It was this item that staggered some
of the hardheaded practical business
men of thf present Council, who could
not see the necessity of paying this
amount out each year, particularly
when it fell to a few political retainers.
The result was that they decided at
once upon a pesthouse.
But the location was the cause of
trouble. Whenever it was proposed
to purchase a site, the residents In the
neighborhood made vigorous protest,
and it looked as if the whole matter
would be checked.
Then the Realty Syndicate agreed to
donate a site on the banks of the Tidal
canal in Fruitvale, and the Council
stood willing to appropriate money for
the buildings. There were no residents
in the neighborhood to protest, and it
looked for a while as if the question
was settled. Then the Board of Health
objected and produced an offer for the
sale of the Richardson home in High
land Park. But the Council did not
take kindly to this site, upon the
ground that it would have to pay for
a site and a few buildings as much
money as they had at their disposal.
The Board of Health secured from
City Attorney McElroy an opinion
that it could legally be empowered to
spend the money, and upon that opin
ion it asked «the Council to ttfrn over
to it the $10,000 that had been set aside
for that purpose. But the Council has
taken the matter into its own hands
and has decided to turn over to the
Board of Public Works the power to
build the new hospital. If the Board
of Public Works, and not the Board of
Health, handles the money, the site on
the banks of the tidal canal will be
taken.
FOR3IER SECRETARY
JACKSON DISCHARGED
Hushes' Will Filed for Probate.
The will of Rienzi Hughes, the
lodging-house proprietor, who died a
few days ago, was filed for probate
yesterday. He leaves his entire estate
to the Union Trust Company, to be
held by it until the death of his wid
ow, Mary Hughes, when it is to b»
distributed to his six children, share
and share alike. Durins the lifetime
of Mrs. Hughes she is to receive an in
come of $150 a month, and Frank and
Catherine Hughes, two of the chil
dren, are to receive $30 a month each.
The rest of the income is to be divided
among the other four children, in
equal shares.
Judge Samuels Finds No Criminal In
tent In Sale of Interest in
Mortgaged Stable.
OAKLAND, March 22. — R. F. Jack
son, former secretary of the Board of
Public Works, was discharged to-day
by Police Judge George Samuels after
the preliminary examination on a
charge of fraud in the sale of an in
terest in a Telegraph-avenue stable to
James Van Schaack had been held.
It was claimed that Jackson, con
trary to the law. had failed to tell *he
purchaser that there was a mortgage
on the stable. The defense was that
Jackson- had shown no criminal intent
and the court took that view of the
transaction.
Poses as Colonel in Army.
Abe Becker of the Fawn saloon, 326
Grant avenue, obtained a warrant
\ from Police Judge Cabaniss yesterday
for the arrest of Thomas R. Scott on a
charge of obtaining money by false
pretenses. Becker alleges that Scott
has been cutting a wide swath in the
saloons in the "tenderloin" district by
representing himself as a colonel in
j the army and giving worthless checks
in payment for liquid refreshments.
Becker got a check from him for $25
on the "Western National Bank and
) was informed that Scott's account at
j the bank had been closed for over two
I months.
Washington Will Recover.
OAKLAND. March 22. — Steve
Washington, a colored man, who was
shot twice at the Emeryville race
track,, has made such progress that it
is stated at the Receiving Hospital
that he will recover. He was shot
through the breast and abdomen and
It was not thought that he would sur
vive the operation that followed.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 23, 1904.
6
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Does the strong, sturdy
good health of the .
Grape -Nuts
eater suggest anything
to you?
Get the little book "The Road
to VVellville" in each pkg.'
GRAPE-NUTS.
OAKLAND.
111S Brqndmijr. •
Telephone Main 10S3. i
BERKELEY. |
J148 Center Street.
Telephone Xorth 11- I
ALAMEDA. !
1435 Park Street.
Telephone liable 502.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
|f '!'¦'•• ¦'- -">"^iffl/irfc. » l jQy -A- Million American Beauties "A
i breath sweet and their' whole f
I gmSSSSsffim&SmM!^ bodies active and healthy with H
i CASCAKETS Candy Cathartic. £}
a . x as syotem cleaners and blood gj
H /4^hL W&I fcind words of ladies -who have 3
1 «ik *2P!lfiEiiP^ OVER A MILLION BOXES A S
H fli&Sfcw^*^iili*^ MONTH. The quickest, surest K5
fl -rf^^rJJS ¦ .•^3Q«33Egto~- ; ' Th.o firat ruio for purifying the
1 r f^3*ft^§SffF**^bL blood is to keep ths bowels free, £
"s i^ y "7A«y maira m« 60o. Never sold in bulk. The gen- '
o * f f*»t am good." nine t&ta«e"fc stamped O O O. Sam- *
3 F plo and booklet free. Address *
¦j g STERLING REMEDX COMPANY, Chicago or New York. 3
I aWRIUAL SALE^-TEH RHLLIOH BOXES jGrant Wallace has at last been heard
from, this ; time , at - r sea -''.• and . :; keeping
things i going < as Usual with % him. \ How
sad that he can no longer cook on a gas
ran ge : from San Francisco Gas and Elec
tric Co., 415 Post street. •
* AUBURN, March 22.— A jury was se
cured late this afternoon in the trial
of . Thomas Gostlin for the killing of
E.M. Armstrong. Both sides have been
extremely careful ; in the selection j of
the Jury, which was not .secured until
after the issuance of a second special
venire. |- Mrs. Armstrong and her, sis
ter, Mrs. Bowers, arrived from Wood
land, 'as did also "Senator Diggs of
Marysville, who is executor of ; : the
Armstrong estate. Gostlin's brother.
W. H. Gostlin, /who is Postmaster at
Hammond, Ind., has been here for a
week, and Gostlin's wife and eight chil
dren'were also .present from Sacra
mento. Many witnesses were present,
and much interest centers in the case,
as it promises, to be the most sensa
tional trial in Placer County for many
years. The plea of , the defense: will be
temporary insanity, brought about by
mining troubles with. the deceased and
also | by the alleged undue friendship
of \ Armstrong ; and Mrs. Gostlin. The
Jurors '•sworn in are: I. D. Clapp,- C.
F. Cushman, 1 H. W. Davis, James
Croly, A. A. Gorman, R. p. Dixon, W.
H. White, S. M: Stevens, W. J. Mc-
Cann, W. E. Waddle and E. A. Futhey.
Jury Is Secured at Auburn for Trial
of the Slayer of IS.. M.
. Armstrong.
READY FOR TESTIMONY
H ? ;-IN '¦ THE GOSTLIN CASE
CALLS TO GIVE FRENCH
LESSON AND DROPS DEAD
Mrs. Marie A. Perrier Dies Suddenly
¦ in the GouglJ- Street Residence of
Mrs. Abraham Rosenberg.
Mrs. Marie A. Perrler, "a teacher of
French, died suddenly yesterday af
ternoon in the residence of Mrs. Ab
raham Rosenberg 1 , 1810 Gough street.
The deceased, who resided at the Ho
tel, Bradbury, 1604 California street,
called upon Mrs. Rosenberg to com
plete arrangements to grive her French
lessons. \
Upon entering the house she was
conducted to'the parlor, and complain
ed of feeling faint. She sank exhaust
ed upon a divan and Dr. Terry was
summoned. Before his arrival death
occurred and j the Coroner's office" was
notified. The body was removed ; to
the Morgue by Deputy Coroner Mike
Browni Heart failure undoubtedly
\vas the cause of death, as the dead
woman had not complained of any
illness prior to leaving the hotel , In
which she resided. ,
Madame Perrier was about 65 years
of age and had been an instructor of
French in many of the * most promi
nent families in this : city. : A grand
son, employed by, the. Pioneer ,Auto
mobile Company, is the only relative
of the deceased here..
Later, when another official -was on
watch, who did not' understand that a
man was wanted, one drove to the line
.and went across. The official was able
to give only a partial description of
the man. but it tallies with the print
ed description received to-night from
Sheriff Ralphs. The rurales have been
sent after the stranger and he will be
overhauled to-morrow and given an
opportunity to explain his presence in
that country.
SAN DIEGO, March 22.— Tow Hays,
the former cashier of the Orange
fjrowers' Bank at Riverside, who is
wanted for embezzlement, is supposed
to have crossed the boundary line into
Mexico at about 6 o'clock this even
ing. The Sheriff's office and police
headquarters were notified that the
nan was headed this way and was
pupposed to be driving: south with a
U-am and buggy. They immediately
F«"nt word to the boundary line, but
at that time no one who could pos
sibly have been the man had crossed.
HAYS OVER TIIE LIXE.
Track-Walker killed by a Train.
SACRAMENTO, March 22. — D.
Legaboire, a track-walker employed
by the Southern Pacific Railway Com
pany, was killed by a train last night
near Webster station, Yolo County,
His body, badly mutilated, was found
floating in the flood waters near the
track to-day.
RIVERSIDE, March 22. — Dr. J.
Stanley Dolan, for many years con
nected with the State Insane Asylum
at Highlands, was found dead in his
bed to-day at the residence of Mrs. O.
T. Dyer, mother of his deceased wife.
Dr. Dolan had been visiting the Dyer
family and fears were entertained for
his health by relatives. He was ex
tremely despondent and this fact has
led to the suggestion of suicide, al
though members of the family deny it.
Dr. Who Was Connected With
the Highland Asylum, Passes
Away at Riverside.
FORMER OFFICIAL DIES
SUDDENLY IN HIS BED
"The committee believes that it pro
duced irrefutable figures showing that
the orange business of Southern Cali
fornia cannot continue to prosper un-
der the present freight and refrijrera
tor charges. The matter . will not De
allowed to drop here, as the committee
will" continue its efforts."
Rev. D. O. Kelly pronounced the
benediction at the conclusion of Mr.
Macarthur's remarks. To-day, at the
same time and place, Rev. Frederick
W. Clampett, D. D., rector of Trinity
Church, will speak on "Righteous
Citizenship in Public Spirit."
The solution of the labor problem depends
upon getting the right perspective and the
acceptance of the spirit of reciprocity. The
labor problem- cannot be solved on purely
economic grounds, hut must be solved on
ethlral or religious grounds. We know that
In the parly days the struggle of the workers
was primarily agralnct the pagan conception of
labor, which relegated the man who worked
to the cattle of the fields. We know that- it
was Christ the Savior, Christ the carpenter,
who first Instilled man with the knowledge
that all men arc equal in the sight of God.
It Is under the lpadershlp of Christ the Savior
that we shall ultimately solve the labor prob-
Irm. Those who are acquainted with the
labor movement; know '. that it la primarily,
fundamentally and essentially vti religious
movement. We take the- work .of the savior
as our guide In our efforts to bring about
amicable. Just and permanent relations be
tween employer and employe.
In the difficulties that are surrounding us
neither factor is blameless or blameworthy:
neither can ¦ pay that hie side has been all
right and the other side all wrong; error has
been committed on both tildes, on the side of
the employe in his organized capacity and on
the side of the employer in his organized
capacity. .
SOLUTION* OF PROBLEM.
To the man of righteousness and righteous
character, who takes a sane and rational view
of the labor problem, the outlook is bright.
The problem is simply a question of fair play.
With fair play the problem of labor melts and
disappears; it Is no problem at all.
Macarthur's subject was "Righteous
Citizenship in the Shop." He said in
part:
We «haJl be doing no violence' to the sub
ject nor taking liberties with it if it is trans
lated to read, '\Kighteousnes3 in the Relations
of Labor." As It is true that by labor alone
do we live, it is true that just aj» the con
ditions under which labor Is performed are
righteous or unrlehteouy. so must be all con
ditions of life. I use the term labor In no
narrow sense, not as a class term, but as a
generic term, implying all riEht methods by
which men derive sustenance from the earth
Labor is a fundamental condition of life, if
righteousness In all the avenues of lite is to
be achieved It is by the righteous relations In
labor. The future is bound up in the solu
tion of the question of labor. To the man
of unrighteousness, governed by the narrow
spirit of selfishness, by narrow ideals, the
future of labor is indeed dark. We find men
of that character arrayed against the laborer,
seeking tp deny to him the poor boon of or
ganization — the privilege won by the employe
through centuries of struggle— the right which
the employe holds by the universal law of
.nature. We find the narrow employer seeking
to destroy the organization of labor under the
Fpecious guise of the "open shop." The aim
of the "open shop" employer ls.to have the
shop open only to the elements that would
destroy the organizations of labor. There la
nothing to be gained by treating labor that
! way.
jAB0R A CONDITION.
Walter Macarthur, editor of the
Coast Seaman's Journal and one of the
labor leaders of this city, delivered the
address at the second of the series of
i:6onday Lenten services, conducted by
the Brotherhood of St. Andrew in the
rooms of the San Francisco Chamber
of Commerce yesterday. Every avail
able seat in the rooms was occupied,
and many were compelled to remain
standing during the services. Although
in the larger cities of the United States
noonday Lenten services have been in
vogue for many years, they are al
ways held in one of the churches.
This is the only city where religious
worship is conducted during the peni
tential season in the commercial dis
trict, so that the busy man of affairs
is afforded an opportunity to attend
without losing time from his business.
The services were conducted by F. T.
Foster and followed the usual order.
The lesson was taken from St. Mark,
6:1-6. Mr. Macarthur's address was
a brilliant effort, and his remarks on
the righteous relations that should ex
ist between capital and labor were
most timely. He maintained that the
only solution of the labor problem was
through religion. *
Walter Macarthur Talks
to Business Men at
Noon Service.
WALTER MACARTHUR, WHO
SPOKE YESTERDAY AT THE
NOONDAY LENTEN SERVICES.
RIVERSIDE. March 22.— The doors of
the Orange Growers' National Bank
of this city, one of the principal finan
cial institutions of Riverside County,
were closed shortly after 1 o'clock this
Rfternoon, after a run of three hours.
H. T. Hays, former cashier of the bank
nnd one of the most prominent men
in the social and business life of this
city, has fled, presumably toward the
Mexican border, and the Sheriff is on
his trail with a warrant for his arrest.
There is a shortage of between $90,000
and $105,000 In the funds x>f the bank,
and it is alleged that this sum was
appropriated by Hays during his tenure
as cashier. President Gaylor Rouse of
the Orange Growers' National Bank
authorizes the statement that deposit
ors will receive every dollar that is
due them, but that in order to prepare
for a liquidation of all the liabilities
«*f the institution the directors, after
r meeting this morning, decided to close
thp doors and take an inventory of the
assets.
Several months ago H. T. Hays was
requested by the directors of the Or-
Rrge Growers' National Bank to re
sign on account of his alleged connec
tion with frauds in securing right of
way titles for the Salt Lake Railroad
in Riverside County. Hays acted as
local land agent for the Salt Lake Rail
road, and when an expose was made
r.f the methods used in securing rights
<>f nay In this county there was a big
ynsaticn. and Hays was asked to re
sign his position as cashier. Some time
t-:;bs:equent to his resignation Hays was
a^ked to make good a shortage of
?r.fi(%n, with which request, according to
bank officials, he complied. Later a
further shortage of $1300 was discov
«=r<v5. and this also was made good by
Hay*. A further Investigation of his
su-counts developed a shortage of $18,000,
which he was asked to pay. He could
net do so, but gave security instead
in thp form of a trust deed to his prop
*rt y.
About ten days ago the National
Kank Examiner arrived here to expert
the books of the bank. He soon un
covered a large shortage, unofficially
estimated at $100,000. The officials of
the bank then decided to prosecute
Hays, but deferred action until last
right. Hays learned of their intentions
and disappeared. It is said he drove
in a buggy south toward the Mexican
border. A warrant is in the hands of
Sheriff Corbun and officers are on hia
trail.
Depositors got some intimation of the
hank's troubles and this morning a long
line of people stood in front of the
doors, waiting to draw out their de
posits. Between $80,000 and $90,000 was
paid out before notice of suspension
was posted.
The bark's directorate is composed of
well known and prominent citizens of
this county and it is believed depositors
will be paid In full.
Defaulting Cashier Learns
That He AVill Be Arrested
and He Hurries Away To
ward the Mexican Frontier
. The "question of refrigerator charges
was not taken up' at to-day's meeting,
but will be considered at a later con
ference to be held in a day or two.
The Southern Pacific was represented
in the conference by J. C. Stubbs, traf
fic director; G. A. Parkyns, assistant
general freight agent, and E. O. Mc-
Cormick, passenger traffic manager.
The Santa Fe's representatives were
Paul Morton, vice president; W. B. Bid
die, freight traffic manager; W. A. Bis
sell, assistant general freight traffic
manager; Edward Chambers, general
freight agent, and J. L. Leeds, man
ager of the Santa Fe's Refrigerator
Dispatch. A. H. Naftzger and E. S.
Mculton looked after the interests of
the California Fruit Agency. The fruit
men issued a statement after the con
ference detailing the matters consid
ered and ending with the following dec
laration: /
"Every question bearing upon the
matters' in hand was fully and freely
discussed, with the result that the peti
tion for a reduction was denied by the
railroads upon the ground that they
could not afford to haul oranges for a
less rate than that now prevailing, viz.,
$1 25 per 100 pounds.
LOS ANGELES. March 22.— The con
ference held in this city to-day be
tween representatives of the Southern
Pacific and the Santa Fe railroads and
those of, the California Fruit Agency
ended at a late hour this evening with
out definite results. The fruit men
asked for a reduction of 25 cents per
hundred pounds in the rate on oranges
"from Southern California to Eastern
markets, which th.e railroads declare
they cannot grant. The present rate
is $1 25 per hundred. pounds, and the
¦erange ' men assert that they cannot
pay it and make a living in the fruit
business. The matter rests where it
was before th^ conference, although the
fruit men declare th'ey have not done
with the subject of rates and will con
tinue their fight for a lower'rate.
The snowfall bulletin just issued by
the Department of Agriculture shows
that the precipitation in California i3
a trifle above the average.
The barometer fell slowly yesterday
afternoon and a southeaster was rais
ing big waves outside the heads at
nightfall. Storm warnings were sent
out broadcast by the . Weather Bu
reau. Professor McAdie says that the
weather for the last three weeks is of
extraordinary interest to meteorolog
ical students.
The worst feature of yesterday's
storm was the volume of water it put
into the rivers. The Yuba. Sacramen
to,, Bear, Feather and American riv
ers are all running bankfull as it is
and when these streams get the new
flood to-day the result is likely to be
disastrous, according to McAdie. The
weather -was warm enough to melt
the snow In the mountains yesterday
as well. Detrition has already weak
ened the levees in many places. The
Weather Bureau predicts more rain
for to-day for the whole of California.
* It has rained eighteen days out of
the last twenty-two and more wet
weather may be expected. Incidental
ly the record for the number of rainy
days in March has been broken.
The rainfall is 4.21 inches for the
month thus far. The precipitation in
March, 1879. was 8.75 inches; in
March, 1889, 7.78 and in
March, 1899, 7.68 inches. The great
est average rainfall for any one month
was in January, 1862, when the pre
cipitation was 24,26 inches. Last Feb
ruary at Bowmans Dam in Nevada
County the rainfall amounted to mor$
than 46 inches. The seasonal rainfall
is about normal this year.
Rain Falls Eighteen Days Out of
Twenty-Two.
SAN DIEGO. March 22.— After sev
eral light showers during the afternoon
and evening, rain began to fall steadily
at 10 o'clock to-night.
FRESNO, .March 22.— Fresno was
again blessed with a good rain to-day.
Nearly the whole day long the rain
has come down steadily, and at times
the downpour has been very violent.
The streets are filled with water and
things are wetter than ever before this
season. Many smiles can be seen on
the streets as the.farmers of the com
munity think of their crops and the
good that the rain will do them. Up to
8 o'clock this evening it has rained .78
of an inch and the storm is not yet
over. The prospects for the county are
brightening with the March showers.
SAN JOSE, March 22.— Heavy show
ers have fallen here this afternoon and
to-night, the measurement at 11 p. m.
being .30 of an inch. Total for the sea
son 11.03 inches; last year 12.29 inches.
VALLEJO, March 22. — With the
country hereabouts already thorough
ly saturated with water a heavy rain
storm has been prevailing during the
past seven or eight hours and is rag
ing heavily to-night, i
It seems certain that much damage
will be done to railroad and other
property. Much low land in this sec
tion is flooded and the roads are almost
impassable. The rainfall for the sea
son exceeds seventeen inches.
HOLLISTER, March 22. — Hollistcr
is having a bounteous downpour. The
total rainfall is now over eight inches
at Hollister and In some parts of San
Benito County is as mufh as fifteen
inches. The orchards and alfalfa fields
are all being irrigated from the canal
with water taken from the river.
4
WEATHER RECORD BROKEN'.
LOS ANGELES, Match 22.— The heav
iest rainstorm of the season began in
Los Angeles at 1 o'clock this afternoon
and has continued steadily ever since.
At 10 o'clock to-night the rainfall was
very' heavy for half, an hour and the
downtown streets we're Impassable to
pedestrians. The low-lying residence
section of the city, will probably suffer
damage from the flood waters if the
rainfall continues throughout the night.
Street cars on many lines are expe
riencing .much difficulty in making
their way over their routes. The rain
was not much needed at this time, but
will insure crops of every description.
Reports from other points in Southern
California tell of a heavy rainfall.
On the night of the murder Singleton
entered the saloon of Benjamin Bros.,
corner of First and Market streets, in
this city. In. the place was Bojorgues,
Joe Patron, John Higgins and Joe Ben
jamin. Singleton had been drinking.
He sat down at the table, and taking
a large revolver from his pocket placed
it on the table. SInffleton imagined the
others present at the bar were talking
about him. When Bojorgues tried to
explain they were not. Singleton shot
him in the neck, death resulting in
stantly. Singleton then i drew a big
dirk knife. Joe Patron, a cousin of the
deceased, jumped on Singleton and
gave him a good beating. The murder
er then ran home, and a half hour later
when the police arrested him he was
asleep in bed.
Singleton, who was the only witness
for the defense, took the stand in his
own behalf. He said that when he en
tered the saloon he removed the revol
ver from his pocket and placed it on
the table because he could not sit down
with it in his pocket. He had gone
there to meet Charlie Desimone. He
said those in the saloon were friends
of his. Benjamin asked him to place
his gun in his pocket, and he said he
could not. Bojorgues then came over
where he was and attempted to take
the pistol. Singleton declared that while
they both had hold of the weapon it
was accidentally discharged. On cross
examination he stuck to his story of the
killing being accidental. This is the
first time Singleton has spoken of the
killing, his mouth having been sealed
to the police and reporters. His mother
and sister were present in court and
wept while he related the story.
Rebuttal testimony was Introduced
showing that it was almost impossible
for Bojorgues* to have been shotJin the
manner stated by Singleton.
Argument will commence in the
morning and the case will probably go
to the jury to-morrow night.
SAN JOSE, March 22.— Accidental
killing is the defense urged by William
J. Singleton, the surveyor who is on
trial for the murder of Simon Bojor-
Rues on the night of November 29 last.
To-day the defendant went on the
stand and testified that what had every
appearance of a cold-blooded crime was
merely an accident.
Special Dispatch to The Can. ?
SHORTAGE NOW
REACHES $100,000
Country About Vallejo Is
Saturated and People Are
Fearful of the Floods
Witnesses Declare Victim
Could Not Have Been Shot
as Defendant Says He Was
Fruit Men Say That $1 25 a
Hundred Is Excessive and
the Industry Will Suffer
ADVERSE TESTIMONY
Doors of the Orange Grow
ers' National Bank of Riv
erside Are Closed After
a Run of Three Hours
SHIPPERS WILL FIGHT
DAMAGE IN THE NORTH
Heavy Precipitation Begins
at Los Angeles With Pros
pects for Good Drenching
Officials of Southern Pacific
and the Santa Fe Confer
"With the Orange Growers
W. J. Singleton, Accused of
Murder in San Jose, Tells
Story for the First Time
HAYS FLEES
AND LEAVES
RUIN BEHIND
RAILROAD S DENY
LOWER RATES
SAYS KILLING
WAS ACCIDENTAL
ADDRESS
ON LABOR
MOVEMENT
RAIN FALLING
IN THE SOOTH
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, /..WEDNESDAY, MARCH 23, 1904.
7
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
* * a>
STRIKING AMUES
= "IN
Furniture for Ball, Library, Parlor, Dining-Room,
Bedroom; also Lace Curtains. Draperies, Uphol-
stery, Oriental and Domestic Rags : ': :
Limited space does not permit complete enumera-
tion of all our reductions; these few will serve for
comparison:
PTA'MR-T'Mf!- WIMP PAPTMTTT
Weathered Oak, very quaint. C 7 flfl
SI 2.50 reduced to 0 liUU
MAHOGANY TEA TABLE— 10 nn
$16.50 reduced to IZiUU
LADIES' WORK TABLE-
Mahogany, very dainty. xr nfl
$62.50 reduced to fUiUU
WEATHERED OAK SOFA- .
Quite large, upholstered in best rp nn
leather. .$87.50 reduced to 00i UU
ALL BRASS BED— RR (1(1
Mission design. .$95.00 reduced to DuiUU
CHAMBER SUITE— Three Pieces—
: * Bureau, Chiffonier and Toilet Table
in enamel and gold. inn t\n
$135.00 reduced to lUUiUU
(3 piacM)
,¦•-¦•¦•
Special price purchases may be left to suit buyer's
convenience, but cannot be exchanged nor returned.
5LOANE5
114122 POST STREET
¦DiBHHB^BB^BiBS^H^B&BESBSS^ESai&SEEs&SSBEBEBlSSHIBEBBB
ADVERTISEMENTS*
PalGGe of Liberal Arts
The fourth great picture in colors of trje World's ;
Fair Official Art Series will be issued FREE with
TriE SUNDAY GALL, MARCri 27
*. . ! ¦ _
, With especial pleasure The Cz". directs the particular j
attention of its readers to the next picture in this splendid se-
ries. It is an exceptionally fine picture in every respect. The j
ornamental features of this grand building, perhaps the i ...
- ; handsomest on the Exposition grounds, are plainly shown.
Even the statuary is brought out clearly and prominently. The I
color is most charming and natural. The surroundings are
most beautiful. In every detail and as a whole it is a superb
picture. | !
;:¦ •;¦=•¦, ¦¦¦¦ ¦ :•:¦ . ¦¦ ; . . / A
With its sculpture crowned corner pavilions and arched
entrance rising: majestically above colonnades of great doric
columns, the Palace of Liberal Arts presents a most imposing
appearance. Situated most easterly of the magnificent exhibit \
palaces, covering an area of nearly nine acres, constructed with-
out galleries, well lighted and designed to be an almost perfect
structure for exhibit purposes, it will contain the treasures of '
; science, art and industry, grouped under the head of Liberal
Arts in the Exposition classification. \. M
Every Person in San Francisco, Every Resident of the Pacific
Coast; Every Man, Woman and Child in the United States Ought
to Get This Picture and Every Picture of. This Superb Series.
There Is No Charge for the Pictures: They Are Presented FREE
With the Sunday Call. Order in Advance : • ! : : : :
The Call Is Sold at All the Principal Hotels and News Depots and
'by Stationers and All Train News Agents. Register a Complaint
if You Cannot Purchase a Call : : : : : : : •
sTif , EST 1 847 p»™
pH Are a universal remedy for Pains in the Back (so frequent f|l
[|| ia the case of women). They give instantaneous relief. |1|
Kj Wherever there is a pain apply a Plaster. |g
pj DIRECTIONS FOR USE H
{ I For paint ia tfae region of For Rheumatism or Paint For Son Throat, Court*, £¦¦
| tbe kidney*, or fora Weak ta ShoaMera, Blbow* or Brancbltl*. for Wask I
I I Back, the pluter should be elsewhere, or for Spnrins, Laara and for painful and B9S
I applied as shown above. Stiff dcii, etc.. mad for sensitive parts of theabdflr s9
I J Wbewevw there is paia AcWac Fe«t. cat plaster men, apply as indicated. " E?9
I | apply Ancock's Plaster. • sire and shape required and - C«
I j »PP'y to part afiected as R-«j|
I Rheumatism, Colds, Coughs |9
1 Weak Chest, Weak Back ffl
I Lumbago. Sciatica, &c. y &c, 1
| I REMEMBER— Allcock'* Plasters era the original and genuine porous |
I * 1 plaster and hare never bean eqtadied as pain-carers. * Furthermore, the y are Bw
I abealvtiekr **fe as they do not contain belladonna, opium or any poison ,BRSpecial information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by ttis
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 23d Cal
ifornia street. Telephone Main 1042. *
- Townsend's California Glaca fruits and
choice candles. In artistic fire-etched
boxes. A nice present for Eastern friends.
715 Market street, above Call building. *
Tolstoy has so far ventured an opinion upon William
Jennings Bryan, who recently called upon the Russian
novelist, as to declare that the American is one of the
most interesting men he ever met. We share Tolstoy's
opinion, but we must insist. that it is unfortunate that he
did not indicate in what manner his visitor is interest
ing.^ Then we might be able to welcome the judgment
with applause - ~ •
Such a start is easier here than elsewhere ; because it
requires less land. Every man who passes from » other
industries* to go upon the land renders himscif and". the
THE various agencies engaged in advertising Cali
fornia in the East cannot afford to overlook the
• processes by which other States have been settled.
It has been done by such industrial conditions as attract
a laboring population, to acquire through good wages
the means to get back to the land.' Mechanics and other
workmenwith large families find the shortest cut to, in
dependence by becoming land owners as soon as their
accumulations are sufficient to' start them. ;
BACK TO THE XAND.
" WENDS — Subscribers. Alameda.
CaL Wends is a name gtven by the
Germans to roving or wandering
tribes of a branch of the Slavs, which
as early as the sixth century occu
pied the north and east ot Germany,
from the Elbe, along the coast of the
Baltic, to the Vistula, and as far south
as Bohemia. In a narrower sense the
name Wend Is given to those remnants
of the Slavic population of Lusatia
who still speak- the Wendic tongue
and preserve the peculiar Wendic
manners and customs.
Of late our courts appear to have become privileged
ground for the publication of unwarranted and outra
geous slanders upon innocent persons that, under the
law,: have no: redress. There should .be some statute
providing for "the infliction of severe penalties upon at
torneys that use the courts for the promulgation of
statements they cannot; prove. Liberty is spilled license
by too many lawyers.
When the pupil has in this way be
come familiar -with the outlines of .the
live* of the most well known musi
cians buy a book In which their biog
raphies are ffi ven and read it aloud
Htudy up the lives of the musicians
and some rainy day take the child
on your lap and in your own language
tell him the story of one of them,
simply and entertainingly. Avoid
dates and leave out the dry parts of
the biography, if any there be, telling
the boy such things as will best stay
in his mind and. give him a vivid pic
ture of the musician in question. If
one has the knack of story telling
these little histories can be made as
interesting: to children as fajry sto
ries.
Do not be in a hurry to turn from
one Btory to another. Tell the story
over and over again 'on different days
and eometimesget the' child to repeat
(o you all that he can remember of it.
This will help to fix it firmly Jn his
mind and pave the way for the next
story.
NOTICE TO TENANT — OM Sub
scriber, City. In this State, if a land
lord -wishes to change the terms of
the tenancy of a month to month ten
ant or the amount ot the rent, he
must give at least fifteen days* notice
of Intention to do so.* The change of
term takes effect Immediately after
the termination of the month for
which the premises were rented.
LEAF Tt;n.VEJ> PnOPEULY nniNCS
HAND AT TOP OFPAGE.
A French student, medically inclined in the enuncia
tion of his theories, expresses the opinion that war is a
disease in which the death-giving germ may be discov
ered and . destroyed if science will only give itself pa
tiently and courageously to the task. As a contribution
to the discussion from a layman please accept the sug
gestion that' the easiest way and perhaps the only one
to ' kill the germ is to destroy humanity. Men being
rational must fight with one another.
A few weeks ago England was
startled by the news that a laborer,
going to work at 3 in the morning, was
literally swallowed into the earth in a
Cheshire ' town. As It was Impossible
to recover the body, funeral services
were held over the spot where he dis
appeared, and It took eighty tons of
earth to fill up the hole.
Now alarming reports are coming
from Northwich, another little pretty
Cheshire town, where many of the
houses are sinking into the ground.
Up to this time there has been no loss
of life at Northwich; but the damage
to the property has been jio tremen
dous that the town Is a practical non
entity, so far as land values are con
cerned. Since the town began to sub
side property valued previously at $1,
659.425 has deteriorated to $514,743, and
the annual loss from these causes is
more than $25,000. Seven years ago
Northwich built a 510,000 police station.
To-day, building is an abandoned
shell, the foundations of which have
long ago sunk into the ear A to a
depth of some 130 feet.
.The Crown and Anchor — the princi
pal hotel" in the place — reminds the
guest of a ship at sea with a cargo; of
grain that has listed badly. The din
ing room floor slopes down at an angle
•£ 25 degrees, and if you sit at the bot-
Sinking Tozvn Lots.
A XOTE — A promissory note in
California becomes outlawed if action
Is not commenced within four years if
executed in the State and two years if
executed out of the State. If the
holder of a note does not commenct
an action within the statutory tlaM» C"l
has no recourse. *
COMPOSERS — Subscriber. Pacific
Grove, Cal. It is impossible to
give a general answer to tne
Question, "Who were the five
best musical composers?" for the
reason that there Li no standard for
arriving at a determination. Music
is a matter of individual taste and
¦w hat pleases one displeases another.
State Chemist Walker of Nebraska,
after spending several weeks in anal
yzing tomato catsup and strawberry
jam Btates that only one brand of cat
sup was found which was made from
tomatoes and was not artificially col
ored. Pumpkin was found to form the
basis of all the others, and the col
oring is attained by means of coal tar
dyes. Alleged strawberry Jam in a
number of case3 he found was made
chiefly of pumpkin, colored with coal
tar dyes and containing a preservative
in the form of benzole. Timothy seed
was also found to be an Ingredient in
some cases.. \; V
Pumpkin Catsup.
WOOD FIRE — A. S. B.. City. The
various colors in flame in a wood fir?
are caused by the combustion of th«
elements of the fueL The light blue ia
from hydrogen, the white from car
bon, the violet from ma.nga.nese. the
red from magnesia and the yellow
from soda.
The close proximity of the half tones
makes it necessary for the pupil to
strike a carefulW direct blow at the
very center of the note in order to keep
the fingers from Interfering- with each
other. ; ,
In practicing this exercise the boy
uses more strength than' he has ever
put into an exercise before, and there
fore he must be careful to keep arms
and wrists free.
Systematic relaxation is the safest
plan in this exercise, and I would ad
vise the pupil to relax entirely and to
try his "circle exercise" (explained fully
•In the earlier lessons) at" the end of
each ascent or descent during the pro
gress of the study. This will leave him
fresh for each attack and will prevent
him from becoming the victim to nny
.possible strain which might be engen
dered ; by the strenuous and unusual
work a study of this exercise Involves.
The student must never \ work j very
long at this on a stretch. It is a good
plan to practice it, or a part of it, for
a few minutes after^orklng on light,
airy music. It is best always when do-
Ing a great deal of heavy piano work
to intersperse JL_with music containing
delicate, graceful passages.
After, haying .finished this form of
the eieretee'the'papll 6hould try It in
another way, beginning with the sec
ond finger, instead of the thumb, and
using this finger to come back to each
time. This will bring the fifth finger
on the final note 'of course. The left
hand must now begin with the fourth
finger, finishing the exercise with the
thumb, instead of the second finger
as heretofore. v :^ <
Coming down the scale the opposite
rules are observ«d, as usual.
Jn this way all the finge'rs have an
equal chance at the strengthening
process.
the plan of action described above, the
left hand is doing exactly the oppo
*fyz 'thing.-r That., is to say, the left
feantrbegins with; the* little" (fifth)-fln
ger»?an<l while playing. the same. notes
as thos€ played in the right hand, uses
the "fifth ' finger, fourth, fifth, third,
fifth, second, and bo on up the scale,
while the right hand is working with
first, second, third and fourth fingers.
In descending the sc«le the left hand
naturally begins with the first finger,
ueing next the second, first, third, first
and fourth, as the right hand did in
ascending. .--.•'"
STAMP'S — P. J. P., City. The new
two-cent stamps of the United States
were issued before the supply of th»
previous design was exhausted, which
accounts for two kinds of United
States two-cent stamps at thia time.
INCORKKCT TVAY OP TURNING
LEAVES.
VOCABULARY— W. S.. Alameda.
CaL An individual may Increase his
vocabulary or stock of words by study
ing any first-class work of synonyms,
by studying the modern dictionaries
and by reading the best authors.
M.OIJTH WITHOUT LIPS — E. M.
A., City. According to physiognomist.
a person who h?.s very thin lips, or, ai
face readers say: "A mouth without
lips— ra mere slit In the face." is cold
hearted and selfish.
RUSSIAN _ HILL — P. J. P. In the
Query Coluinn of the Call January 2S.
1904. there is published a full answer
as to why Russian Hill in. San Fran
cisco was so named.
Answers to Queries.
Close by Life's rarden-side
Silently, ceaselessly.
Tangling the hearts of men
Deep in its meshes,
Spinneth a spider.
Silently, ceaselessly.
"Weaving a web that Is
Fashioned of Slminess.
Sun-gleams and gossamers
Dew-pearled and odorous;
Weaving a web that is
Frailzr than mist at times.
Steel-strong at others.
Tanglinpr th«* hearts of men
Ever and hopelessly
In its soft thonging.
Spinneth the blithe-looted
Spider of Love!
Close by Life'a garden-side,
Swiftly, relentlessly.
Stifling the hearts of mrn
In its thick meshes,
Spinneth a spider.
Silently, ceaselessly'.
Swiftly, relentlessly.
Weaving a web that is
rnill-hued arid lusterless;
"Weaving a web so dense
Tet so Impali>able.
Soft and Insidious.
None may escape it —
Spinneth the thousand-eyed.
Eager, implacable.
Gray, gaunt and terrible
Spider of Death!
— Smart Set.
The Spiders.
apparent; The pianist as a rule is al
ways able to read a measure or so in
advance of the notes he is actually
playing, bo that th» turning of the leaf
before he has finished the last meas
ure will not discommode him at all
end will not cause any cessation in the
musk. On the other hand, if the as
ristatit waive until the last note has
b*?«a elruck and then turns the page
the pianist can have no idea what is
coming an<3 there is the chance for a
total stop, or at least for the loss of a.
number of notes.
The asfistunt efconld lake hold of the
upp«T rijrht hand corner of the music
rheet. and. foldin? it lightly and firm
ly, turn it as quickly a* possible when
the time come*. .
He* must never lake hold of the
lower corner, for this position brings
his arm directly across the lower part
of the pag<-. covering juct the part of
the music that the pianist In finishing
his page must naturally wish to see.
13y turning at the top all awkward
ness of this sort is avoided.
If the boy in turning the page is
obliged to stand at the right of the
pianist he must be sure to turn the
leaf with his right arm, otherwise" he
will obstruct the pianist's view with
his arm as he puts the leaf in place.-
Apropos of this, it will be well to
teach our pupil 'something of the
lives of the well known composers.
While the boy is BtlH very young
this can be done by means of stories.
WE are glad that the Board of Health in Hawaii
is holding up foodstuffs, imported from Califor
nia, that arc impure and fraudulent. Jellies and
jams are found by the chemist to be sophisticated, in # ;
that there are no currants in the currant jelly and no '
berries in the berry jam, and that both are colored with !
coal tar dyes; These dyes carry zinc, copper, tin and j
arsenic, none of 'which chemicals are freely chosen by j
the people as a proper part of the diet. They are high- I
ly injurious, to the health, and their use in commercial!
products can be punished, if in no other way, by the con- j
demnation and destruction of the articles in which thej f I
are used.
•The loss from-, such commercial dishonor runs back to
the grower of the fruits which should be used in these
manufactured products. Currants and berries are pro
duced here in quantities more than sufficient for all the
jellies and jams called for by our domestic and foreign
trade. If they alone were used the articles would be
wholesome and of such high character as to extend the
consumption. Such extension would go back . to the
grower in the form of a proper return for his industry.
But the manufacturers make jelly out 'of gelatine, treated,
with mineral acids and colored with mineral dyes, and
jams out of dried apples and glucose, with a few berry
seeds, snubbing the currants and berries which we pro
duce in excellence and abundance, and betraying the
confidence and injuring the health of the consumer.
It is an injurious trick of the trade. California can
supply the world with these fruit products, in absolute
purity, but will lose that trade and opportunity by vio
lating the principles of commercial honor. There is no
plea to sustain this offense against the prosperity of the
State and the health of the people. It will not do to say
that our currants and berries will not make commercial
jellies and jams, for every housewife' knows better. It is
no excuse to say that these injurious arts are, practiced
by foreign competitors, who must be met in the markets
with equal craft and as bad drugs. The true way to com
pete is to establish the reputation of California products
for purity and excellence, when they will be' preferred
to the impure and poisonous article. Buyers and con
sumers are not so foolish as to take poison because it is
The Treasury Department is exerting every energy
to prevent the importation of impure foodstuffs. All of
its work will be thrown away if it prove to be only for
the purpose of shutting out foreign adulterations in order
that our people may be poisoned by the domestic sophjs
ticator. It is a question of such large importance as to
induce a keen interest in the food show by the grocers
jn this city. If publicity and law can restrain these adul
terations, both should be invoked.
IMPURE FOOD.
His manager grabbed hold of him,
threw him into the chair and at once
began to tell him how he should fight
his opponent. "Why, you big bum."
quoth the manager, "you can't fight a
lick on earth. You ought to be moving
houses instead of putting up your mitts
against real boxers. Why don't you get
wise and stop a few of those wallops?"
The colored man rolled his eyes wild
ly for a moment. Then he looked up at
his manager in disgust and said:
"Stop dem wallops? "Why. for de
Lawd's sake, I bet not one ob 'en? has
missed me since de fight commenced."
A certain colored pugilist was en
gaged in a battle of the gloves in the
roped arena at Mechanics' Pavilion
some time ago, and it so happened that
his white opponent was administering
an unmerciful beating to him. Along
about the end of the fourth round the
colored first artist came wobbling over
to his corner, so groggy that he could
not locate his chair.
He Stopped a Fezv.
There appears to be little question that British mili
tary experts are giving advice to the Japanese in refer
ence to the conduct of their land campaign. Whether
or not the advice is voluntary or solicited is not known,
but of one important fact there can be no doubt. The
Japanese certainly are familiar with the South African
war and hardly want to imitate the tactics of the British
displayed in that conflict.
Mr. Fairchild in the Nile delta visited
basins of alkaline lands that have been
thoroughly reclaimed by growing ber
seem there. He saw cattle aod horses
grazing on luxurious fields of berseem,
fields that two years before were, h<i
says, "as barren of vegetation as a
bathing beach." Furthermore the roots
of berseem stored such a vast amount
of nitrogen in the soil reclaimed that on
the third year the land was able to pro
duce a crop of cotton- N
It is the purpose to test this plant in
Texas. Arizona. Oregon. 'Washington
and other sections of the N'orthwest. In
the Southwest it will be tried in rota
tion with cotton. In Arizona and Cali
fornia, where irrigation is practiced,
berseem will be used as a winter soiling
and fodder crop, and in the Northwest.
where it will be planted after dansr&r
of frost has passed and harvested be
fore the heated term. It will be tried in
rotation with wheat.
Berseem is a species of trlfolium.
which has the power not only to con
sume naline and alkaline properties In
the land, but also to enrich it with
nitrates. Something of a composite ot
alfalfa and clover, it is in every way
more delicate In flavor and succulent
than either. In Egypt it is the food of
horses, camels, cattle and donkeys.
Even the peasants or fellaheen find 4t a
palatable dish. It is remarkably fatten
ing and chokes out nearly all weeds.
The secret of the inexhaustible fer
tility of the Nile Valley, which has long
been credited to the annual deposit of
silt from the overflowing of the river,
has been discovered by Mr. Fairchild.
agricultural explorer of the United
States Government, to be the nitrifying
power of the plant, berseem.
Wonderful Fertiliser.
. Useful Hints in Playing.
BT A NICE TERIJUNE.
<£un* ¦wrr'.trr. formerly director of smz*ic in tbe
College <ji EC Jobn the liaptirt. Sew TorlO
<Cc;:.r:«r.r. Y#j\. ty .Joseph B. Boi**.* )
It is a good thing to* the pupil to
learn at an early age how to turn the
eheets of music properly for any one
fitting at the piano. It is, of course,
the most simple thing in the world t&
£0. in oulward seeming, but there is a
right and a wrong way to do it, and
the vrror.tr uay 5t= always most diFturb
lng-to the pianist or accompanist,
n-hom the person turning the Jeaves is
trjinj? to help.
In the ilrrt place he who tunis the
leav*-? should stand at the left side
of the jiianirt if possible. He ehwuld
follow the score with his eyes exactly
«5 6o<>s the performer, and should
turn the jiage vjk soon as the pianist
begins, the la*t measure — before then.
ev»-n. if the piece is being played very
rapidly.
The reason for thi* will at once be
The Crown and Anchor started out
with the intention of being one of the
finest hostelrie* outside of London.
Two years after it was built it led a
perfectly upright life, and was the
boast of the town. To-daw you can
not tell which is crown and which is
anchor. Last month a stable attached
to the private dwelling of L. Coomber
was swallowed up entirely. There was
a horse in the stable at the time. Sta
ble and animal disappeared entirely
from the face of the earth. Three days
after this a small butcher shop adjoin
ing the stable also "went below."
torn cf the table the quickest war to
get anything is to have it slid to you.
quasi public nature of their property. But later on, in
the sixties, they resisted public regulation on the ground
that it was not provided for in their charters and fran
chises, and that these constituted an inviolable vested
right. In this view they were supported by the decision
of the Supreme Court in the Dartmouth College case.
That doctrine was finally overthrown and reversed in
the Granger cases, because railroad property had become
quasi public, through the use of the, power to condemn
private property for its purposes.
This opened tip the whole question of public regula
tion and the method of its exercise. The States pro
ceeded to exercise it by the use of legislative and execu
tive power. When this issue arose it was discovered
that a change had been made in the Federal constitution !
by the fourteenth amendment, which became operative i
July 28. 1868, and provided this: "Nor shall any State
deprive any person of life, liberty or property, without
due process of law." As the power to fix railroad rates
is the power to take property from one for the benefit of
another, and affects both the shipper who pays his
money, his property, for transportation, and the railroad
company, in whose quasi public character there remains
an element of private property, it became important to
know the meaning of due process of law. One school of
reasoners held that it was the legislative and executive
process, another that it was the judicial process only.
The latter position is obviously right. Were it other-/
wise the legislative or the executive could inflict loss of
liberty or life, -without the agency of the courts.
In the Minnesota and Texas cases the judicial pro
cess was "upheld. We assume that it is this decision
which is held to have shorn the Interstate Commerce
Commission and the State Railroad Commissions of
their genuine powers. The mistake is in assuming, that
the powers "were genuine which were obnoxious to the
fourteenth amendment
. Eliminating the element of private property, co-exist
ent with the quasi public character of railroad property,
the affirmation of the judicial process as the due process
of law still stands vindicated. Therefore, no inconsist
ency appears in Justice Harlan's decision. Congress
has the same control over interstate and the States over
domestic commerce as before, but- must provide for the
exercise of such control by due process of law.
In the evolution of the system of control we will have
cither the existing appeal from executive regulation, or:
the Interstate Commerce Commission-' and State Rail
road Commissions will be made courts of first instance,
entirely judicial in their character, and their decisions
will be subject to' the same appeal. The nation and the
States retain and may exercise the same power over com
merce, and may 'legislate against combinations to.' re
strain trade by preventing competition, but the courts
have the last word. That is all, and it appears to us
perfectly plain and consistent. The power of public reg
ulation arises in the quasi public character of ¦: the prop- ;
erty, and the right to the judicial process for protection j
in the associated element of private property.
This question was first foughl over in New Hampshire,
where it disrupted the Democratic party. The fight ex
tended westward as railroads were extended, and reached
the States west of the Mississippi in 1851. -^Railroads ac
cepted the use of condemnation and thereby accepted the
property."
An examination of the decisions, in the Minnesota and
Texas cases, discloses something quite different from
this. The courts have not treated railroads as entirely
private property, but have recognized the right o.f public
regulation. The quasi public character of railroad prop
erty is derived from the permission to railroads to use
the right of eminent domain, in the condemnation of a
The right was a burning question in American politics
more than sixty years ago. When it was demonstrated
that the construction of railways was impossible, if the
corporations had to deal with each owner of real estate
for a right of way across his land, because he could re
fuse to sell at all, and thus block the enterprise, the right
to condemn was asserted. Now one owner" of- private
property cannot condemn to his use the private property
of another. The right to* do so is a public right. Private
property may only be condemned for a public use, and
paid for at such rate as a court may find to be a just
compensation.
THE decision of the Supreme Court in the case of
the Northern Securities Company is antagonized
from an unexpected quarter. The Redding
Searchlight, known as one of the ablest organs of labor
unions in this State, discusses the decision at great
length, and, granting the premise, with conspicuous abil
ity.
The Call is not of the belief that all the wisdom or all
of the ability in journalism is to be found in the metro
politan'press. Both truth and error are propagated with
equal ability by the country press, and it influences
public opinion for right or wrong with as much power
as the city press. Therefore, we take the opinions of the
Searchlight as significant and forcible.
After declaring that the Federal courts have shorn the
Interstate Commerce Commission of the genuine pow
ers delegated to it by Congress, and that the State
courts have done the same with the State Railroad Com
missions, the Searchlight says: "This showing would
seem to effectually dispose of Justice Harlan's assertion
that the power of Congress over interstate commerce is
as complete as the power of a State over domestic com
merce, for the courts of last resort in both cases have
denied these genuine powers delegated by Congress to
the Interstate Commerce Commission and by the State
to the Railroad Commission. This gross and insur
mountable inconsistency proceeds from the constitu
tional impossibility 61 reorganizing and protecting and
ignoring and destroying at one and the same time the
rights and privileges vested in the ownership of private
"Naw, nobody never told us." struck
up one of the now whimpering mis
creants.
"Yes, they did, too." contradicted one
of his companions in misery.
"Who was it?" inquired the sergeant.
"The 'cop' that pinched us," replied
the boy.
"Put 'em away," ordered the ofilcer.
"I guess they are not so much to blame
as their parents. We'll turn them over
to the Juvenile Court."
"Don't you know it's wrong to steal?"
interrupted the sergeant, kindly ad
dressing his mites of prisoners. "Didn't
any one ever tell you that you shouldn't
steal?" he urged.
"It's this way," explained the police
man. "These kids here got a chance
to sell the coal they stole to a water
front restaurant man. who paid them
10 cents a load. I suppose there was
100 pounds in a load, and you can figure
what the restaurant fellow made on it
by educating these little waifs to be
come thieves.
"We found that a great many wagon
loads had been hauled to this place
by this bunch of youngsters and, what's
worse, they did not see anything wrong
in it."
. "Been stealing wagon loads of coal
from the bunkers." replied the arresting
policeman, sententiously.
"Wagon loads!" doubtfully exclaimed
the sergeant.
"Yes, wagon loads," repeated the offi
cer, exposing a four-wheeled home
made arrangement that he had cap
tured as evidence.
Three tousled, tattered tykes, urch
ins of the alleys, ground between pov
erty and parental neglect, stood trem
bling before the police sergeant's desk,
a big, good natured patrolman their
present guardian.
"Well, what are these?" queried the
booking officer, eying the raggedy
youngsters with a quizzical glint of
half humorous interest.
No Catechism.
THE MERGER DECISION.
to the little boy. There are many ex
cellent books written on the subject
.2nd some of them are particularly
tilted for children.
If this idea is followed out care
fully by you. the boy will thus add
very materially to his knowledge and
a* he progresses in his piano studies j
and gradually reaches the place where j
he is able to study music by Mozart,
Mendelssohn, etc.. he will feel twice
the interest in it that he would other
wise, because he will know who the
composer was, how he used to live,
Just the struggles he had when he was
a little boy, and soon. The composer
will thus become to him a real person
instead of some abstract being: in
whom he feels no interest.
It is now time to teach the boy a
strengthening exercise, which I have
kept until these later lessons, as the
pupil needed the weeks of finger prac
tice en the earlier studies before he
could possibly be fitted for the ad
•\anced finger work which I am about
to explain.
The exercise that I have in mind is
one of the most Eplendid studies for ac- {
quiring strength ever invented* and is |
particularly advantageous to the j
fourth finger, which is always inclined
to be weaker than the other fingers.
The hands are to be used together,
and both begin or±. C. being an octave
apart. The right hand begins with the j
thumb /first finger) striking a heavy, 1
ringing blow with all the strength the j
pupil can possibly muster, without at
the same time throwing the hand out
of position or tightening the muscles
by the effort.
As the thumb descends the next fln
gf-r rises— Just as far as it will go, in j
accordance with the directions given
for slow gcale practice.
As the second finger descends the
thumb (first finger) rises once more, de
scending again with hammer-like preci
sion, as before. This time the third fin
ger rises instead of tbe second. After
this the first finger strikes again, and j
then the fourth. In this exercise the J
notes are struck chromatically, instead |
of according to the ordinary scale, j
That is, the thumb strikes C and the j
second finger C sharp, instead of D, as j
would be the case ordinarily. Therefore j
the exercise is played in this way: C, C
sharp, C. I>. C. D sharp. This is the end
of the first part of the exercise. i
The thumb then start!? on C sharp
and the exercise runs in the same way
as before, only half a tone higher, mak
ing the notes C sharp. D, C sharp, D
sharp, C sharp. E.
Next the thumb starts on D. and the
exercise goes on as before. This should,
be continued, after -which the return j
trip begins. '
This time the fifth finger starts the j
exercise, beginning on G. Next comes j
the fourth finger on B, then the fifth j
on C again, next the third finger on
B fiat. C once more, and then the sec
ond finger on A-
After this the fifth finger starts once
more, on B. continuing the descent ac
cording to the rules of the exercise as
aJready given.
While the right hand is following
~State a double service. He adds a family to the forces
! of rural production, and leaves a place for another me
chanic, who is added to the consumers, and in his turn is
to go out upon land. This 'process has given to many
parts of California their best. and most intelligent tillers
of the soil. In the valleys around Mount Diablo are the
homes of men who got their start as carpenters, black
smiths, teachers, hod-carriers and cabinet-makers. In
Tulare County there are many more of the same class,
and in the awakening that is going on in the Sacramento
Valley, there is room and opportunity for thousands of
them. The year book of the State Board of Trade deals
with this subject, in a statement of the wages and oppor
tunities for labor here.
The great impulse that business, *building and produc
tive industries feel in our cities is naturally attractive to
mechanics and laborers, who are the solid foundation of
all development in a State, and our efforts to get people
to come here and join us in the making of a State should
be especially directed to the putting ot our resources and
opportunities before the intelligent American mechanics
and workingmen, who have in their skill and strength
the means ot becoming land-owners and financially in
dependent citizens.
In that way the States of the upper Mississippi Valley
were settled. In every farming neighborhood there
could be found mechanics of all kinds, whose skill at
some trade stood them in good stead in their farm life.
It must not be taken for granted that only farmers in the
East are to be looked to as the source of our rural immi
gration. Farming communities there contribute to it,
when land-owners find other farmers to whom to sell.
But we must look al«o among those who want to be
land-owners, and who can come here and by tiieir work
acquire the means- to achieve their. wish. At St. Louis
we should make this feature prominent and strive to in
terest the handicraftsmen of the congested districts of
the East. When convinced that they can come here
and more quickly achieve independence than elsewhere,
that class of immigrants will turn this way.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 23, 1904.
THE SAN FRAN CISCO GALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor .......... Address Ail Communications to JOHN HcNAUGHT, Hanagcr
Publication Office < £&&3±§O2> Third and Market Streets, S. F.
WEDNESDAY...... ............ ......MARCH 23, 1904
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
fVHtCIlg TO UOU> THE KAPKK
v.j;i:n tvrsinu ovee music.
8The. Carmen's Union yesterday ¦ filed
a notice that it would within a short
time move for a setting aside of the
Judgment of Judge Hebbard in the
suit of George Dingwall for a writ of
mandate compelling the union to re
store him to membership. The writ
was issued on the ground that Ding
wall's expulsion w;as an illegal act.
The union claims, as a reason for fil
ing the notice, that the Judgment was
not Justified by the evidence and was
therefore illegal and further that it
was obtained by surprise and because
of the excusable neglect of the union.
Opposes Dingwall's Restoration.
The Park Commissioners yesterday
requested the Boardof Supervisors to
furnish City Attorney Long with an
abstract of title to all of Franklin
square in order that he may be fully
advised as to who ara the persons
claiming interest therein adversely to
the city. Long has been instructed to
proceed to eject certain, squattters
now occupying . Franklin square.
Squatters on Franklin Square.
The work of impaneling 'a jury to
try George Sterling, charged with rob
bery, was begun in Judge Dunne's
court yesterday. Eleven jurors were
secured when the panel was exhausted
and a venire of ten was issued, return
able 'this morning. • Sterlings ;it
Is « alleged, held up George Evans
in his restaurant, , 318^ Third
street, on November 17 • and re
lieved him of a gold watch, revolver
and $20 in coin. There is also a charge*
against him of assault to murder for
attempting to. shoot Detective O'Dea.
Owing to Sterling's desperate char
acter he is guarded while in court, by
several Deputy Sheriffs. I
Sterling on Trial for Robbery.
Deputy Fish ; Commissioners have
arrested F. Filogrrasso for selling- un
dersized bass, B. Biscotto for the
same offense, H. Sjoberg for catching
undersized crawfish and a band of
Japanese in Tulare County for taking
trout during the closed season. Fll
ograsso was hned.$20 by Judge Mogan
and the Japanese were fined $20 in the
aggregate by Justice of the Peace
Mackey of Exeter.
Fish Commission Is Active.
Rhca Has I>i«<appear«l
P. 1^. Gift, saloonkeeper. 331 Ellis
stroct. FPeured a warrant from Police
Judge Cabanips yesterday for the ar
rest of William Khea. his nfeht bar
tender, on a charge of strand larceny,
lie Raid that Rhca had closed the sa
loon between 3 and 7 o'clock yester
day morning and had disappeared,
taking with him $.15 in coin and a dia
mond stud v.-orth $50.
The Merchants' Association sent a
communication yesterday to the Board
of Supervisors, in which it desires to
be informed as to what' provisions are
to be made for Rupplying the needs of
the Fire Department with respect to
new hydrants, and what measures twill
be taken with regard to fire protection
as outlined in the report, of the Fire
Wardens of January 23. The com
munication continues: - .
The attention of the association directors
has been called to the' -fact that the. New
York Journal of Commerce has printed in Its
insurance column* an article headed "Sin
Francisco's DanRer," in which It is Btated
on the authority of the Chief of the Fire De
partment that S20 hydrants and a large num
ber of additional mains are needed for this
city. Kindly Inform us If It Is contemplated
to provide in the new budget an appropriation
for additional flre hydrants. i
Merchants' Association Ask?4 Super
visors If New Hydrants Arc to- Be
Provided For In Now Budget.
SEEKS INFORMATION* AS
. TO FIItK PROTECTION
Efforts are being made to collect
sufficient funds to build a. church -In
Stockholm to the memory of Em
manuel Swedenborg.
Mrs. Raymond Brown gave her
first Wajrnerian lecture-rcvital at Lyric
Hall last night, giving a magnificent
interpretation of the m 'Rin«j of the
Niebelunjron." The lady has a splen
did delivery, fjreat charm of manner'
and is a thoroughly equipped pianist,
with a sr!ondl»i lefhnirrJp, remark
ably beautiful touch and Rhowlng
mufSeianship of* the highest quality.
Every student ol both music nnd
drama v.ill enjoy hearing these re
citals. As a pianist Mrs. Brown is well
fitted to appear in pianoforte recitals.
On Thursday niijht "Tristan and Isol
de" v.il! be priven and on Friday niRht
"Die Meister?injjf-r." "F'arsifal," whlrh
i£ now engTOFsinfc the attention of the.
theater gr>crs ::I1 over America, will
he the subject of the Saturday mat
inee and the talented strtist \vill un
doubtedly be welcomed with a crowd
ed house. The lectures are certainly
worthy of It.
IiC<iurt> on Wajiicr.
PARIS, March 22. — In the course
of an interview to-day Prime Minister
Combes denies the reports that he will
immediately retire from the Premier-
Bhlp as a result of the recent Cabinet
reverses. M. Combes says he recog
nizes that tfce situation of the Ministry
is delicate, but that so far as he is
concerned he proposes to pursue to
the end the work he has undertaken
without deviating a hairbreadth from
the course planned. This statement
is interpreted as applying to the work
in connection with the pending law
for the suppression of the teaching
orders, which probably will be passed
in a fortnight, when the. Premier's
main work will be accomplished.
Premier of France Will Xot Be Dis
. ' turbetl by Recent Cabinet
Reverses.
JIIXISTEIi COMBES SAYS
UK WILL NOT RETIRE
Mrs. W. H. Wiester is to vie with
Mrs. Chandler in the exhibit of wild
ilora for the society's gold medal.' An
drew J. Pope of Burlingame has made
a request for space covering 120 feet,
which augurs well for his promised ex
hibit of choice pansies, carnations,
ropes, crocuses, hyacinths and daffo
dils. William Kettlewell will have
charge of Mr. Pope's important ex
hibit. Dr. Harry L. Tevis, who has
planted thousands of bulbs, will present
some rare ppecimens for exhibition.
Los Angeles is to be represented by
a collection of field-grown carnations
sent by K. J. Vauter, and Carl Purdy
of Ukiah, known all over tiic land as
the "bulb* grower of California," will
be represented by an important variety
of the native bulb. The Cox Seed Com
pany will occupy a large space for its
exhibit, and Mrs. T. Sachau, Mrs. J.
Branin; Mrs. Kmma Shatter Howard,
Mrs. John H. Boden, Mrs. Amos Mc-
Cartney, Mrs. George C. Ross, Mrs. E.
S. Crane, John Hinkle, John Rock of
Niles and Domoto'Bros. will be among
the exhibitors. ;
The golden poppy, the State's floral
insignia, will deck the main entrance.
The poppies will be gathered and con
tributed by the schoolchildren of De
coto. Golden Gate Park will send a
generous collection, and R. Llchten
berg promises an exhibit from Mill
Valley that will set the ilorists wonder
ing.
Cultivated and wild flowers and a
great variety of bulbs will form the
display "at the spring show of the Cali
fornia State Floral Society, which will
open to-morrow in the nave of the
Ferry building.
The bulb exhibition has been planned
by the manager of the society, Mrs.
John Ross Martin, and will be the first
one ever made in San Francisco. Splen
did arrangements have been made by
the president, Professor Emory E.
Smith, Mrs. Martin and the commit
tee, including music for each of the
three evenings of the exhibition.
Among \he exhibitors will be E.
Leedham of Santa Cruz, who has noti
fied the manager that he has planned
for a display of no. legs than 2500
blooms, including daffodils, narcissus
and all varieties of flowers in season.
Mrs. W. S. Chandler, who will occupy
the extreme south end of the nave,
will have a table forty feet long cov
ered with a collection of native wild
flowers, many culled from the Mission
hills. -
Rare Specimens Promised
for Annual Spring
Exhibition.
. The missionary further asserted that
the Hereros rebelled partly through
the oppressions of the traders, partly
owing to the cruelties Inflicted on
them, and partly on account of the dis
regard of the Germans for the sacred
ness of the marital relations of the
natives.
BERLIN, March 22. — A missionary
in Southwest Africa has written a let
ter to the Reichsbote, defending .the
Hereros against the charges of massa
cring women and "children and the In
discriminate slaughter of men.
He gives the nanves of a number of
women who had been reported killed,
but who are all alive, although the.
Hereros had opportunities to murder
them. Native Christians, the mission
ary addB, assisted a number of women
and children to reach the military sta
tions safely. 1
The missionary who wrote to "the
Reichsbote also related a case in which
three Germans sought refuge in his
house, two of whom were traders op
posed to the natives. The third was a
man named Martens- who a year ago
traveled through Hereroland, seeking
for a scot to establish a farm, and
gave the natives the Impression of
being fairminded and who maintained
pleasant relations 'with them. Hostile
Hereros came to the missionary's
house and seized and shot the two
traders, but they spared Martens.
Lieutenant John S. Fair, who met
with an accident during a cavalry drill
last week, went to the general hospital
on Monday and to-day will undergo an
operation.
The Filipino scouts were prevented
from doing their drill and dress parade
yesterday by the downpour of rain.
They will, however, weather permit
ting, drill to-day, to-morrow and Fri
day at 3 o'clock, and the band will play
during the parade at 5 o'clock. This
ceremony is of a highly interesting
character and well worth a visit of any
one interested in military matters.
The recent storms have played havoc
with the drilling grounds at the post.
The lower ground is now completely
inundated and is the resort of thou^
sands of shrieking sea gulls, who have
taken refuge from the stormy waters
of the bay. They were somewhat dis
turbed yesterday by the appearance on
the scene of the 230 mules who were
driven on the field for exercise prior to
their being loaded on the transport
Dix. which will sail for the Philippines
early during the coming week."
The quartermaster's office received
yesterday . an appropriation of $6000,
which is to be devoted to improving the
drives in and about the west part of the
Presidio. This will go a long way to
ward the Improvement of the post.
Brigadier General Charles' L. Cooper,
retired, paid his respects to .General
MacArthur yesterday afternoon. Since
his retirement General Cooper has been
living In Washington, D. C, and he is
making a pleasure trip to this coast
to visit his old friends. He is staying
at the Occidental.
SCOUTS TO DRILL TO-DAY.
The court-martial which will con
vene to-day at 10 o'clock in the
Library building at the Presidio is
made up of officers of an unusually
high rank. Before them, to answer
grave charges, will appear First Lieu
tenant George S. Richards Jr., Twenty
third Infantrv, and First Lieutenant
Frederick B. Nellson, Twelfth Cavalry,
both of whom are charged with Ir
regularities in their pay accounts.
Both cases are reported to be of an
unusually serious nature, and the offi
cers will fight for their honor -and for
the retention of their commissions in
the army. Lieutenant Neilson, who
is of a prominent and wealthy fam
ily in Philadelphia, is to be defended
by David Lewis of that city and At
torney E. S. Pillsbury of this city.
Lieutenant Richards will be defended
by H. W. Day, a civilian attorney re- !
siding here.
It is reported that the defense set
up by Lieutenant Richards will be
temporary insanity, but what the de
fense of Lieutenant Neilson will be has
not as yet been given out. At any rate
both cases will prove to be of unusual
interest, and will be fought strenuously
by the accused officers and their array
of legal talent.
Colonel L. Pitcher, Twenty-eighth
Infantry, will be president of the court
and Captain Clarence E. rentier,
Eleventh Infantry, will act as judge
advocate. The personnel of the court
is as follows:
Lieuten«nt Colonel WTniam L. Pitcher.
Twenty-eighth Infantry; Major Benjamin H.
Randolph. Artillery Corps; Major John Blse
lor.- Jr., Nicth Cavalry; Captain James T.
IVan. Tenth Iniarury; Captain Eugene T.
Wilson. Artillery Corps; Captain John J.
O'Conntll, Twenty-eighth Infantry; Captain
James A. I..ynch. Twenty-Eighth Infantry;
Optain Harold E. Cloke. Artillery Corps; Cap
tain Harold B. Flake. Twenty-elRhlh Infantry;
r.-M'tain William M. Fas*ett,, Thirteenth In
fantry; <'aotaln James B. Gowen, Tenth In
fantry; Caota'.n Ralph E. Incram, Tenth In
lantry; Oai'tain Erglebert G. Ovenshlnc,
Twcnty-ciRhth Infantry; Cai-taln Clarence E.
Dontler. Eleventh Infantry, judge advocate.
FIELD EXERCISK FOR CAVALRY.
The field exercises of the Xinth Cav
alry, which will take place this morn
ing at 9 o'clock, will be of a highly
interesting character. It is the inten
tion to give a drill as though troops
were being landed upon a foreign shore
to attack the enemy located on a high
bluff above their landing place.
In the present case the enemy will
approach from the Bandy beach, at the
extreme- western end of the Presidio,
near the junction of Avenues A and B.
In this exercise the blue force will con
sist of troops I, K and M and the
brown force of troop L. Cantain Cor
nish will accompany the brown and
Lteutenant Camp the blue force, as
umpires. The troops on each side will
be uilder command of Captain John
T. Nance. The exercises will begin
promptly at 9 o'clock. The final ma
neuvers will probably take place on
the brow of the hill, about half a
"rnile west of the golf links.
The Twenty-eighth Infuntry held its
monthly field day yesterday morning
on the oarade ground in front of the
| Oeneral Hospital. The- recent rains
have put the field in bad shape, but
nevertheless the different events were
tried out. Following were the winners:
Putting the sixteen-pound shot:
i First, Cook Rowley, Company C, 30
feet 10 inches; second, J. Perkins. Com
pany K, SO feet \V* inches; third, H.
Bowers, 23 feet 8%. Inches.
Young of Company C won the 100
yard desh.
Riopelle won the running broad jump,
14 feet 11 inches.
The final of the 120-yard hurdle was
won by Kyle of Company* G.
I The sports were cnlivenea by music
I of the Twenty-eighth Infantry band.
While both Mr. Gilbert and Mr. Bor
land are non-committal concerning the
< hange, the fact is that there # has been
more or less of an official 'shake-up
in New York as well as In this city
and at other places where the National
Surety Company has branches. Mr.
Dean, present vice president of the
United States Fidelity and Guaranty
Company, was until very recently iden
tified with the former company. When
he changed his location certain of his
friends did the same.
According to Mr. Borland's version
of the matter, a rumor was circulated
seme time ago that the. National Surety
Company was about to go out of busi
ness. He telegraphed to New York for
ir.fnrmation and then went to New
York to se^k the knowledge he desired.
He met President Joyce of the National
Furety Company and a^ked whether the
company was going to retire. Mr. Bor
land d^Fired to get nn assurance from
the company's executive committee, of
which John A. McCall. president of the
New York Life Insurance Company, is
the chairman. This assurance was not
then forthcoming.
It has since been received and it is
announced that the company continues,
but in the meantime the change :n
manapement of the rival companies «.-n
this coast was made, and so the matter
stands. The managers speak of one
another in the friendliest terms. Th>»
¦shake-up, so far as reprards this coast,
would seem to have been due to a mis
understandin?:. President Joyce >f th.»
National Surety Company has recently
been in this city lo ( ,-king after the af
fairs of his eomnanv.
An odd story is told to account for
the sudden change in the management
(ft the National Surety Company of
New York in this city. Frank E. Gil
bert, who has been the assistant man
ager of the company, has been ap
pointed manager for the Pacific Coast
by William B. Joyce, president of the
company. James H. Borland, formerly
manager of the National Surety Com
pany, has gone over to the United
States Fidelity and Guaranty Company
and with Robertson and Hall will be
one of the general managers of this
company.
Officers to Put Up Strong
Legal Battle to Maintain
Their Positions in Army
Clergyman Says Uprisings
Are Due to Cruelties and
Disregard of Marriage
One of the Parties Says
Moves Are Due Entirely to
Rumor That Proves Untrue
After Mr. Judkins returned to San
Francisco, having with him a copy of
the contract to deliver to the San Fran
cisco committee, Schlueter gave notice
that he would recede and would, not do
the work after all. Within a few
weeks of the opening of the Exposition
and with not enough money on hand to
provide for all the expenses that the
San Francisco exhibit at St. Louis will
involve, this setback caused some ex
citement at this end of the line. Prompt
action was evidently necessary. The
committee met and decided to send L.
M. King to St. Louis without delay to
let a new contract and bo make sure
of a home for San Francisco at the
Exposition. It was also decided not
to give out any information about the
emergency that had arisen until news
of success could be received from Mr.
King.
Yesterday the expected telegram an
nounced that a new contract has been
awarded. But, with the rush to com
plete the Exposition buildings in" the
limited time remaining before the date
of the official opening.it was impossible
to get the same price for construction
that was mentioned in "the Schlueter
contract. Mr. King's telegram informed
the committee that the price agreed
upon and embodied in the new contract
is $16,250, or $4450 more than the first
contract price. The new contract is
awarded to New York parties. The
San Francisco committee has enough
money in sight to pay for the build
ing and for certain large permanent
exhibits, but the advance in the cost
of the building will make it necessary
that a few thousand dollars more than
the originally estimated sum shall be
raised to make the exhibit equal to
the occasion. The committee is work
ing to get sufficient money to make
certain that the San Francisco show
shall be a credit to and not a reflec
tion upon the city.
During the last week anxiety has
filled the San Francisco committee to
provide a building at St. Louis to
house the San Francisco exhibit at^ the
World's Expo/ltlon. Some time ago T.
C. judkins traveled to St. Louis in the
Interest of San Francisco and, under
the ' direction of the committee, let a
contract for tha construction of the
San Francisco building.
The contractor to handle the work
has been noted on the Exposition
grounds for engaging in^ large enter
prises. When he agreed to put up a
structure for San Francisco at a cost
of $11,800, that part of the Ban Fran
cisco enterprise at 6t. Louis seemed to
be certain of accomplishment at once.
Schlueter of Chicago was the con
tractor. He erected the California
State building on the Exposition
grounds.
With Whole Exhibition Plan
at Stake,^ Erection of City
Building Is Made Certain
WILL FIGHT FOR HONOR
BUILDER ABANDONS JOB
BOTH ARE SURETY MEN
San Francisco Committee in
Emergency Proves That' It
Is Equal to the Occasion
Gilbert and Borland Are
Managing AffairsUpon the
Coast for Rival Concerns
Lieutenants F. Xeilson and
G. S. Eichards Must Make
Answer to Serious Charges
GEEMANS IX THE. WE0XG
Missionary Writes Letter
Defending Natives Against
the Charges of Brutality
SAYS HEREROS
ARE MALIGNED
NEW CONTRACT
IS GIVEN OUT
COURT MARTIAL
BEGINS TO-DAY
TWO COMPANIES
CHANGE CHIEFS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., WEDNESDAY, MARCH .28, ,1004.
FLOWERS
TO GLOW
IN NAVE
PROFESSOR EMORY E. SMITH,
PRESIDENT OF THE CALIFOR
NIA STATE FLORAL. SOCIETY.
9
"Finally he talked so much about it
fh« had gained ten pounds in ten days)
I could not keep it a secret any longer
and to-ld him to give Postum tne credit.
The consequences are tfiere has been
no more coffee in the house since (and
no doctor, either).
"Postum is a delightful drink made
according to directions. I have found
no better way, as it is a rich. golden
brown when cream is added.
"I forgot to say husband's eyes are
as strong as they ever were. He is
well and hearty; does not sit around
the stove chilled all the time as he did
before." Name given by Postum Co.,
Battle Creek. Mich.
Coffee poison causes eye trouble in
many cases as well as other ills, and is
never suspected. A ten days' trial
proves things 'you ''will never forget.
Look in each package for the famous
little book. "The Road to Wellville."
"In a few days he would return to
Work still in that dull, chilly condition.
He would drink coffee, coffee, coffee,
'for a stimulant,' he would say (as he
drank no liquor).
"His condition gradually got worse
instead of better, until finally I made
up my mind coffee had something to do
with it, so I bought a package of Pos-
tum without telling him and made it
according to directions. He drank it
and Eecmod to like it, bo I continued
to make it, and before the first pack-
age was gone he began to get so clear
of complexion and feel so well, gaining
fr.st in flesh. He was so delighted he
would get weighed every day.
A well known lady of Carthage, Mo.,
Bays: "Although I do not drink tea or
coffee myself. I have had a most inter-
r-Fting experience In my family, for
about a year ago my husband began
lo fail in health. He would get 6O very
nervous at times' he would have to- give
up hi? work and come home. His eyes
were failing him, and the doctor be-
came alarmed; v.as afraid he was go-
ing to lose his Fight- He also got very
yellow in complexion. At times his
blood ran cold, from nervous chills, the
doctor said.
grand win:
The Kind Worth Having.
POSTUM CEREAL.
Dizzy Spells
That dizzy spell Is an Important mes-
sage from the heart — a pica for help.
If this message receives no attention
others come: Shortness of breath, palpi-
tation, weak or fainting spells, smother-
ing or 'choking sensations, pains around
the heart, in Bide or shoulders, and bo on,
until it receives the necessary help, or Is
compelled to Kive up — stop.
You may furnish this aid with
Dr. Miles' Heart Cure
which cures heart disease In every stape.
Every day we read of sudden deaths
from heart disease, yet It is a fact that
the heart had been plfcadlnj? for help, and
gave up the strupglfe only when it had
exhausted the last spark of vitality — and
they calj it sudden.
"For more than six years I was trou-
bled with my heart. I would have dizzy
spells, then difficulty In breathing, chok-
ing sensations, my heart would flutter,
become- painful. I could not breathe ly-
ins down. I commenced taking Dr.
Miles' Heart Cure, and In a few weeks I
was entirely cured."— MINNIE E. JOHN-
SON. Olivia, Minn.
Money back if first bottle falls to ben-
cHt. . "
HOTELS AND RESORTS.
(New)flOTELBUTLER
SEATTLE.
REMODELED AND REBUILT at etpense
of $260,000— New Management— ENTIRELY
FIREPROOF.
LOCATION— Very^ accessible to Btreet car
lines, theaters, etc. • EUROPEAN PLAN.
223 ROOMS with LUXURIOUS BATHS —
Several private rooms in antique decorations,
Turkish Baths In Hotel. . -
UNSURPASSED , RESTAURANT. De Stel-
'erer. Chef, formerly of Waldorf-Astoria and
Chef -to Princ* of Wales.
HOTEL ORCHESTRA; Telephone Connec-
tions in every room: long distance connections
made with any part of the coast.
WJre. for reservation*; at our expense.
BUTLER HOTEL. Seattle. '
Pa.arp dont failto
1 CliaW tee the beautiful
j COURT Lounging
5111(1 room, ths EMPIRE
aUI * PARLOR, the
¦ ; r-i -4 PALM ROOM, tho
lirfiflU LOUIS XV PAR.
UlUllU LOR, and the LA-
n j <„ DIES' WRITING
Hotels I room.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Dkmiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA.
tor. and Nervine.
- - The most .wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy tor Diseases of <i the
Kidneys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE. Agent*.
823 Market St., S. F. — (Send for Circulars.)
DRPIERCES
GOLDEN
" MEDICAL ' : ¦ J
DISCOVERY
BLOOP.aJVER.UJlVGS.
r * • ~ * ' ' ¦ i * <
tf^ fl IRQ 44| Ammunition. Hunting and
B IB ipiB'sk Sporting Goods. Largest
1.1 I h«H Etock. Lowest prices. Send
¦ II Bllll for catalogue.
V V 1 « RHRKVE & BARBER CO..
5^ - ¦ i T30 - Market ¦ st. and • C21
• .. \ '; ; , ' • -Kearny it. , ¦
ADVERTISEMENTS. *
AMPBEMENTS.
La Belle Guerrero;
Tnffary's Dogs; Billy Clifford; Adclina
Routtlno and Clara, Stevens; Montcll
Brothers; EMMEHT CORRIGAN
COMr-'-XY, Presenting "Jockey
Jones"; Nichols Sisters; Ixmey lias-
kell and Orpheum Motion Pictures,
Showing Young Corbett .and Britt
Training.
Regular Mntlnees evpry Wednesday. Thurs-
day. Saturday and Sunday. Prices. 10c. 23c
and 50a * ' .': :V
THIS WEEK AND NEXT WEEK.
Evenlnss at S:2i>. Matinees at 2:30.
MARY
(Management FRANK McKEE.) 'ssW
Frefl&nting a Kew Modern Comedy, by
Leo Ditrichsteln. entitled
Harriet's Honeymoon
Nizhtly. Except Sunday. Matinee Saturday.
CALIFORNIA
TO-NIGHT,
The Popular Comedian,
[NORTHLAND SINGER ¦tfJpT'fl
A new ¦ play' by Sidney R. Ellis.
NEXT— The World's Greatest Marvel,
ANNA EVA FAY.
Special Matinees for Ladles Only Wednesday
¦ " and Saturday- _-
wr. "IT'S I QUESTION
Between tho Public and the Managers Who
Really Offers the Best Show.
The Attendance at Our House Has Proren
That Without Question
[ THE ROUNDERS']
Takes the Palm of Them All.
Reserved seats — Nights, 25c, 50c and 73e.
Saturday and Sundav matinees. 25c and SOc.
1 Children at matlnses. 10p and 25c.
SPECIAL— S*ats now on sale for next Mon-
day night.
Another Very Funny Musical Comedy,
8i i ii i 'gaKlSMET a|B cB^5»i
First Appearance of Lizzie Derloua Daly.
GILLO'S "ARTESTO,
MOVING PICTURES SHOWING BRITT AND
YOUNG CORBETT TRAINING AND A
GREAT SHOW
Every Afternoon and Eraalat" la ta»
Theater. .
ENJOY YOURSELF IN CABARET DE LA
MORT.
ANIMALS FROM ALL CLIMES IN THE ZOO.
VISIT THE MYSTIC MIRROR MAZE.
AMATEUR NIGHT 1HURSDAT.
Admission, 10c; Children. 5c. .
, When Phoning; Ask for "The Chutes."
rascsij&AjrEOtrs AinrsiacBjrra.
Richard Wagner
. .Lecture Recitals, ; Lyric Hall, by <
MRS. RAYMOND BROWN, Pianists
To-morrow * Night— TRISTAN AND ISOLDE.
Friday, - "Melstersinger" ;."• Saturday Matinee,
"Parsifal."
SEATS— 50c, 75c, si. At Sherman, Clay it
Co.'s.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AMUSEMENTS.
To-HUflit— XTSTIO SHBXNXJUr HXOHT
First Production In San Francisco of
Mr. Pickwick
A Musical ConWy in Two Acts. Baaed on
Charles - Dickens' Masterpiece.
Initial Appearance Her* of
Dora de Fillippe
The .Eminent Lyric EoDrano.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
Usual Popular Prices 23c. 50c and 73c
Proscenium and llezxanlne Box Seats... $1.00
ALCAZAR"lrar
_____ General Manager.
AT 8 TO-NIGHT— Matf. Sal aad Son.
LAST Wl!i!X BUT Y>N£ OP
Wairner'a tmpreaslve Mlracl* Play.
...PARSIFAL.
SXTPEBB STAGS PICTTTaES.
"It is worth any half dozen Lenten ser-
vices."— Call.
The music by an orchestra of Twenty.
Evgrs.. 22c to $1. Mats. Sat. A Sun.. 23c to 75c
EASTEX 1SOHSAT — O2T TUB QTXXET.
Market street, near Eighth. Phone South C3X
TO-NIGHT— ALL. THIS WESMC
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
The Great Spectacular Sensation.'
ill THE KING OF III
III DETECTIVES »l
t Magnificent Original Scenio Effects!
A MID-AIR RACE FOR LIFE.
With Marvelously Reallstio
BALLOON AND AIRSHIP SCENIC
PDlfFQ Ev«nln*».'. lOc to 5«o
raiWEJ Matinees 10c, 19c.' S3o
Ne*t VMt — THB HTXST&SX.
V THIS WEEK ONLY.
ETiniogs at 8. Matin 3 3 Sa far day at 2.
MRS. FISKE
In Pan! Heyae's Drama,
Mary of Magdala
NEXT •WEEK— SEATS TO-MORROW.
I MRS. FISKE in IBSEI'S HEDDA SABLEr.
Racing Iplll^Haeing!
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
.NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKET CLUB.
Racing Each Week Day. Rain or Shin*.
Six or More Races Daily.
Races commence at 2:19 p. nu sbarp.
Vor special trains stoppUc at th» track tak*
B. P. Ferry, foot of Market atrwtt. at 12. 12:30.
1 :00. 1 :30 or 2 o'clock. No smoklna* In last two
car*. - which ar« reserved for ladles and thai*
—corf.
Returning trains leave track at 4:10 and
4U5 and immediately after the last race*.
- THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. President
PgRCY W. TRHAT. S»cr»tanr.
iC3CiaMEuan;oT/s AinrosiannrTs.
SPRING FLOWER SHOW.
TWENTIETH EXHIBITION
of tit*
California State Ploral Society
Will be held in th*
GRAND NAVE of th* FERRY BTHLDINO.
San Francisco.
THURSDAY. FRIDAY and SATURDAY.
March 24. 23 and 20, 1004.
Open from 10 a. m. to 10 p. m.
Music Evenlnss.
WEEKLY CALL, $1.00 PEB TSAB,
I SPECIALS.
I Drug Prices That Talk.
§1 SPECIALS ON FACE POWSES AND T0H.BT ABT1CX.ES 70S THIS
n * - f wzsszt :_i ;¦-:
B Pozzoni Powder iSOe
H Swan Down Powder " Oe
H Gossamer Powder 14c
Eg Camelline ftftc
G Mrs. Harrison's Powder / c
|| Mennen's Talcum Powder .\ 1 J»c
wa Pond's Extract, medium size 63c
II SPECIALS OS ZJQVOmS VOX THI3 WMX.
it Wilson's Rye Whiskey 70c
DJ Pearson's Malt Whiskey Tie
¦ Perfection Gin. full quarts 7Jle
|| Burke's Irish Whiskey -81.0O
§1 SFECIAX.S OW MAI.T TOSXCS TOB THIS WXSK.
|3 Liebig's Malt Extract *3e
H "Best" Tonic lSc
|| Schiller's Malt Extract 15c
|| SPECIALS OJT PATENT MEDICINES 70S THIS WEEK: I
H Ayer's Hair Vigor r «3c
H Danderlne. $1.00 size }.. 71c
H Honduras Sarsaparilla 4Sc
§1 Flve-Rraln LIthia Tablets l.'c
M Hostetter's Bitters Gpc
E| Damiana Bitters 65c
F3 SPECIALS ON TOILET SOAPS ?OB THIS WEEK. >
H Cutlcura Toilet Soap -..14c Ivory Soap 7c
Cjj Packer's Tar Soap 14c Munyon'a Soap Oe
« French Castile Soap, per bar. .lOc £¦
d . : SPECIALS ON MINERAL WATERS FOB THIS WEEK:
H Hunyadi Janos Water 10c White Rock LIthia Water.
H Apenta Water lOc quarts 10C
|§ Veronica Water »8c i
H . SPECIALS IW IHPANT3' I*OOX> TOR THIS WEEJC: T
k3 Malted Milk. 50c size *!7c Imperial Oranum. 75c s!ze...r>7<?
M Malted Milk, $1.00 size 71c Xestle's Food. 50c size S»C
jj Malted Milk, $3.75 size.... g2.Su Eagle Milk. 20c size ...14c
Grant Drug Company
1 38 Third Street, corner Stevenson St. Tel. Bush 51.
McDonnell's Pharmacy
J 803 .Market Street (near Fourth St.) Tel. Bush 471.
Root's Pharmacy
|| Sixth and Howard Streets. Tel. Jessie 461.
I Scamell the Druggist
1 Bush and Devisadero Streets. Tel. West 382.
/»w Ayl I IW \ Materials: — Two pounds beef, two J^ctL
qu"* 8 cold water, one onion, one-half C^§8
5^ffiV_vggc . cupful chopped carrot, sulk celery', 'fciroig
JLrfCCI> && it vllllld
Sn.nce
THE ORIGINAL WORCESTERSHIRE
Seasoning :-— -Those who like a piquant flavor (and who does not)
may quickly impart it to beef soup by adding to each .
plateful a teaspoonful of Lea CSi Perrins 1 Sauce. x
' \ JOHN, DUNCAN'S SONS, Agents, NEW YORK.LONDON, March 22.— The Lincoln
shire, handicap, the; first of this year's
classic racing events, was run to-day
at Lincoln. Uninsured was first, Wolf 'b
Hall second and Stoic third. Twenty
three started. , '
Uninsured Takes Lincolnshire.
Mrs. Edith Schoenltzer, wife of An
drew Schoenitzer, .saloon-keeper at
Twenty r slxth and Bartlett streets, ob
tained a warrant from. Police Judge
Mogan yesterday for the arrest of. her
husband^ on a charge of battery. She
alleges : rnat her , husband while under
the influence of liquor drove pier and
her six children out of the house ; on
Monday night and ,they had to obtain
shelter from a neighbor, ; ;:-i^ '
Driven From Hep Home.
NEW, YORK, March 22. —.Walter , J.
Travis, amateur golf champion of the
United States, will sail for England on
April. 29 to .enter- the competition
for the Great Britain, amateur cham
pionship.' The tournament will be held
at Sandwich May 29 to June 3.
American Golfer to Play Abroad.
First race — roxy Grandpa. Jack Lit
tle. Inspector Jttunro. ,
Second race— Sol Uchteniteln. Edu
cate, Pure Sal*.
Third race — Colonel Van, Quiz ZZ, Mu
resca.
rourtb. race — Warte Nlcht. Ben Mac-
Bhni, Horatlu«.
Fifth race— Mr. rarnum. The Fretter,
Pille d'Or.
Sixth race — Celebrant, Ananias, Gate
way. ¦ ¦ -¦ • '¦¦-¦ .-¦¦' :¦;.:•
PBOBABLH WINNEES.
Relay race^ — Berkeley. Oakland. Lowell, LJck.
.Officials — Starter, A. Cadogan ;. timers, Tomp
klns, "Pond. . Cooley and Christie;' reteree, H.
Smith; Judges at finish, Woolsey, Bovlar,
Meany; field Judges, Koch, Chaplin, - Janes,
Drew, ¦- N.' WUcox; measurers, C. C. Tounge,
Frel, Sperry, . Abadle: clerks ot course, Titus,
Powell, Montgomery; -"; Inspectors, . S. , ¦•' Titus,
Boynton: J. vWHeox; ¦corer,^ Krens; announcer,
vam*.:. ;-¦;,,, ¦ •¦:¦•-¦
120-yard hurdles— First heat: Melvln, O. H.
8.; Hotchklss, C. B. M. A.; Monteagle, L. H.
S.j Second heat— Dezer. O. H. S.; Kohlberg,
L..JH. S. -
120-yard hurdles— First heat: Bonner, U H.
S-i Stone, B. H. S.; Dozer, O. H. S. Second
heat— Golcher, C. S. M. A.; Monteagle. L. H.
S. Third heat— Melvln, O. H. 6.; Millard, C.
S. M. A.; Wilkinson,. B. H. S. _ • .
440-yard dash— Dykes, B. H. 8.; Sheehan,
O. H. S.; Walker, O H. S. ; Schnagles, O. H.
S.; Johns, C. S. M. "A.; Jbnes, C. S. M. A.;
Grunskr. L,. H. S.; Abbott, L. H. S.; Mackie,
A. H. S.
880-yard dash— Coyne. O. H. S.; Flckes, O.
H. S.; Crawford, A. H. 8.: De Mamiel, L.
H. S.; Garvln, L.. H. S.; Dodson. C. S. M. A.;
Champreaux, C. S. M. A.; Miller, B. H. 8.;
Elchardson, B. H. S.
Mile run — Crawford. A. H. S. ; Gibson, C.
S. M. A.: Keyea, O. H. 6.; Champreaux, C. S.
M. A. ; Games. C. S. M. A. : Carawell, O. H.
S.; De Mamiel. L. *H. S.; Flckes. O. H. 9.;
Maundrell, L. H. S.; Blake, B. H. S; Myer,
L. H. S.*; Johnson, B. H. 8. .
Two-mile run— Gibson, C S. M. A.; Millard,
C. S. M, A.: Keyes, O. H. S. ; Caldwell, O.
H S. : Maundrell, L. H. 8.; Myer, L. H.-S.;
Garvln, L. H. S. ; Richardson. B. H. S. : ¦
Shot-put— Miller, A. H. S.; Moullen. C. S.
M. A.; Magerstadt, C. ' 8. M. A.; Bonerfleld,
P. H. S.; Grcely, O. H. S. ; Hall, O..H. 1 S.;
Fickes, O. H. 8.; Vilas, L. H. S.; Blake
more, B. H. 8.
Hammer throw— Miller. . - A. H. S. ; Monlan,
C. S. M. A.; Hotchklss, C. 8. M. A.; Blake
more, B. H. S.; Hall. O. H. S.; Coyne. O.
H. S-: Vllas, L.. H. 8.
Pole vault — Jamison, • A. H. 8. ; Hotchklss,
C. 8. M. A.: Monlan, C. 8. M. A.; Vail, O.
H. 8.; Dezer. O. H. S.; Walker, O. H. 8.;
Lelt, I< H. -.8.
High Jump— Hall. O. H. S. : Vail, O. H. 8. :
Keyes. O. H. S.: Magerstadt, C. ,8. M. A.;
Grunaky. L. H. 8.; Morrln,- B. H. S.;.Blake
morc - B. H. : S.
Broad Jump — Magerstadt. C. S. M. A. : John,
C 8. ¦ M A. ; D. Lancy, C. 8. M. A. ; Melvin.
O. HVS.; Vesper, O. H.S.; Sheehan, O.H. S.;
Hayden, B.H. S.' Bonner, L. H. S.; Vllas,
L. H.S. ¦¦¦-•¦:¦ -- . . -;.-¦--;/ ¦,; V. :
"220-yard da«h— First heat: Beck, OS. M.
A.; IsgrlgK, B. H. S. Second heat— Whitman,
.B. H. S.; Lltes, L. H. S.; Wiley, I*. H. S.
Third heat— Schnaglee, O. H. S.; O'Connor, C.
S. M. A; Mackie, A. H. S.
50- yard dash— First heat: De Lancy, C. S.
M. A.; Schwartz, L. II. S.; Lepal, B. H.
S. Second heat— Rice, O. II. S. ; Spencer, A.
H. S.; Sullivan. L.. II. S.: Cheney,* B. H. S.
100-yarfl dash— Flret heat: Schwartz, la. H.
S.; D e Lancy. C. S. M. A.: Vester, O. H.
S. ; Cheney, B. H. S. Second heat— Cope, C.
S. M. A.; Spencer, A. H. S.; 8ulllvan, L. H.
S.: Whitman. B. H. S.
BERKELEY, March 22.— The entries
for the field day of the Bay Counties
Athletic League, which will be held on
Saturday on the university oval, were
announced to-day. Representatives
from the Lick, Lowell, Berkeley, AU
m'eda and Oakland high schools are
numbered in the list, which is as fol
lows:
The committee reports that arrange
ments have been made for the party
to live on the*excurslon train,, which
will be made up of Pullman cars, with
observation car, composite car, etc. At
Santa Cruz the party will have dinner
at th«' new| Sea Beach Hotel. R. P.
Lathrop, a member, of the committee
who lives in Hollister, is arranging for
the comfort of the party in his home
town. The great organ At the Stanford
University will be played and a trip
will be : made through the .university
buildings and grounds. »
The special train will leave San
Francisco on April 6 j and the excur
sion will be from the &th to the 10th.
inclusive. During the stay at San
Diego the party will dine and pass the
evening at the Coronado Hotel. Elab
orate arrangements are making for an
entertainment at Santa Ana and at
other places that are . mentioned here
with. Invitations have been sent out
by the Promotion Committee. It is re
quested that responses shall be re
turned not later than Thursday of the
present week.
A trip around San Pedro harbor on
the Wilmington, a trolley ride through
San Diego and environs, a breakfast
and entertainment at Santa Ana, with
luncheon at the Glenwood Hotel, at
which an Indian band will supply
music; a reception at Redlands by the
local Board of Trade and a ride about
Pasadena, a day at Los, Angeles, surf
bathing at Santa Barbara, a visit and
entertainment at San Luis Obispo, a
trip to the sugar factory at Spreckels,
with. a visit to Salinas; an evening at
Santa Cruz, breakfast at Hollister. a
trolley ride from San Jose through the
Santa Clara Valley, an entertainment
at Santa Clara by the' Commercial
League and visits to Palo Alto and
Redwood City are among the attrac
tions offered to those who make the
coming excursion trip under the man
agement of; the California Promotion
Committee through the central coast
counties and to Southern California.
Promotion Committee Tour
to Be Attended With Great
Variety of Entertainment
[Representatives of the Vari
ous High Schools Are En
iered for Their Field "Day
BOY ATHLETES
IN COMPETITION
MANY WELCOMES
WILL BE GIVEN
IIERRERA AND ATTELL
, TO FIGHT IN CHICAGO
The Rival Boxers Arc to Weigh in
at 130 Pounds on Mon
day Next.
CHICAGO, March 22.— Abe Attell will
be the next opponent of Aurelia Her
rera, the Mexican feather-weight boxer.
All arrangements were completed to
day by the management of the Ameri
can Athletic Club for the meeting of
the two Californlans. The weight will
be 120 pounds' at 3 o'clock in the after
noon and the contest will be decided on
Monday night in the south side arena.
There was a long argument over the
terms of the meeting between the man
agers of the men. While the discussion
was in progress Herrera's manager
signed an agreement to fight "Kid"
Abel on the north side on Friday night.
This bout will make no difference in
the match with Attell.
JOHN Jj. SULLIVAN NEARS
THE END OF HIS DAYS
Once Jlighty Prizefighter Is Gradually
Becoming Blind and Ills Iron
Frame Is Shattered.
BOSTOX, March 22.— The condition
of John L. Sullivan is worse than at
first thought. Not only is he afflicted
with trouble with his eyes, but his one
time Herculean frame is almost shat
tered. It is not believed he can live
long. If he manages to recover his
physicians gay It will be a question of
but a short time before he will be
blind. When the news reached sport
ing and theatrical circles arrange
ments were made for a benefit per
formance to be held at a Boston the
ater.
BUSINKSS 3IEN SEEK TO
IMPROVE GEARY STREET
Bettinp on the Britt-Corbett fight
ruled 10 to 7 yesterday afternoon. In
the evening it dropped to 30 to 6!i
•with the possibility of going lower to
day. There is a lot of Corbett money
in the market to be wagered at 10 to 7.
There is also an abundance of Britt
money to be bet at 10 to 6. It is ex
pected the wagering will be lively to
day and the market will Boon settle
down to the odds at which most of
the" coih will be placed.
The demand for seats has exceeded
all exr-ectatior.s. From present appear
ances the boxers will fight before a
$45,000 house. Men who have handled
the sale of seats for many bis fights
say »h€ present demand for tickets is
unprecedented in the history of fight
promoting in this city.
Young Corbett was a busy man yes
terday and managed to drive away the
blues that threatened to overpower him
by plenty of work. It was one of the
most eventful days the champ has
*pent since he began to train for his
engagement with Jjmmy Britt, and
after finishing up his work, he" looked
jjood enough to fight anybody.
CORBITTT WORKS HARD.
He was not in the best of spirits on
account of the weather and every time
he looked out of the window of the
gymnasium and saw the rain coming
down it made him savage— so savage
that he would take an extra hard
punch at Billy Otts just for revenge.
Corbett did twelve miles on the road
in the morning and then lounged
around till 2 o'clock, when he par
took of a hearty dinner and then cn-
J-iypd another Ions rest. It was late
when lie repaired to the gymnasium,
but still the crowd was willing to wait
till he got readv for the afternoon
stunt.
He treated the exercise machine to a
few extra pulls and spent much time
in jolting it about. Then he skipped
the rope till the perspiration fairly
poured from his face. The swinging
bag and the light punching bag came
in for their share of rough work, after
wliich Billy Otts was trotted out into
the ring with his catcher's pad on.
'"orbett roughed it with his sparring
partner for four long rounds. He just
waded in and walloped the chest pro
tector until he got tired. When Otts
came at the champ he was alwavs met
with a few stiff jolts and the mixing
became fierce at times.
BRITT, ON TIIE ROAD.
Jimmy, the "cute little St. Bernard
puppy, was recovered yesterday, and
his return was the signal for much joy
in the camp. Corbett was worried over
thr loss of the fuzzv pup, and a big
weight was taken off his mind when his
1 nder brou£ht him back to camp yes
terday morning.
D»lly Otts has been matched tn fight
Jc:ry McCarthy, the -hampion weiter
v-rrght of Utah, before the ShamrocK
Athletic Club of Salt Lake on May 3.
The men will weigh in at 142 pounds
at 3 o'clock and fight for 65 per cent
of the gate receipts.
Road running and light gymnasium
work was the programme at Britt's
tamp in Alameda yesterday. Spider
Kelly, the trainer of the next fighter
to go against the redoubtable cham
pion .from Denver, is satisfied with the
condition of his man, and asserts he
will make the required weight by Fri
day evening without any trouble. It
1b intended that Jimmy shall carry
the extra few pounds as long as he
can and then get rid of them so they
will not be in evidence when he jumps
on the scales to weigh. ' By the time
he clambers Into the ring he will have
taken on some of the discarded weight.
Roadwork will be the principal part of
Britt's work from now until Friday.
ANNOUNCE BALIi SCHEDULE
FOR FIRST FOUR MONTHS
Baseball Magnates Make Known Play-
Ing Dates for Teams of tlie Pacific
Coast League.
The schedule committee of the Pa
cific Coast Baseball League finally an
nounced the schedule for the first four
months of the coming season. Ac
cording to the schedule, the season will
open to-morrow afternoon. Seattle will
meet San Francisco in this city, Oak
land will meet Los Angeles at Los An
geles and Taeoma and Portland will
cross bats at Fresno, which will be
the home town for the Taeoma team
during part of the season.
The Bchedule provides for five games
each week In this city and two at Oak
land — on Tuesday afternoon and Sun
day morning. For the first time in the
history of the game San Francisco will
not have continuous ball. From June
12 to July 12 there will be no games
plryed in this city, because the home
team will be away on the road. . There
will be no baseball In California during
that period, a« the six league teams will
be contesting In the northern cities.
The coming season will be what is
known as a "double season." At the
hnd of the first four months another
schedule will be arranged, and It will
probably be so fixed that all the games
will be played" in California during th*
rainy months.
A large number of Geary-street
business men met last night at
Vaughan & Keith's studio and formed
th« Progressive Geary-Street Improve
ment Club and outlined plans for the
proposed improvement of Geary
street. The club is composed mostly
of prominent merchants on that thor
oughfare and their object is to make
Geary street second to none in the
city. The meeting was Inaugurated
by the election of H. G. Vaughan as
president and H. Schessler secretary
and treasurer.
Horace Platt of the Geary-street
railroad was present and offered a few
valuable suggestions. He said that if
the company could secure a franchise
from the Board of Supervisors he
would guarantee • to transform the
present cable system into a modern
underground trolley electric system
and arrange with the United Rail
roads so that passengers from the
Geary-street line might travel to all
part of the city on one fare.
It was decided to bring the matter
before the Supervisors at the earliest
opportunity. An effort will "be made
to light the street in the business sec
tion • with thirty arc lights on every
block and also to have a concert at
Union square every Saturday after
noon. The following committees were
appointed at last night's meeting:
Lighting— T. E. Valentine of the John
Breuner Company, S. B. Hicks of the
Kirk, Geary Company, H. P. Bristol
of the Bohm-Bristol Company;' fran
chise- — H. J. Mulcreary of the Cordes
Furniture .Conapany, P. Boettcher of
the City of Paris, C. L. Beretta of
Fleissner, Marshall &. Co.
Relay Race • Date . Is Selected.
The officials of the California Asso
ciated Cyclers have selected May 8 as
the date for the annual hundred-mile
relay race betwen this 'city, San Jose
and Alameda.
Cordell and Turner in Training.
Jack Cordell and Rufe Turner, who
¦will box before the Reliance Athletic
Club on the evening of the 29th inst.,
are in strict training for the match.
They are working hard,. as each real
izrs he has a hard battle before him.
Billy Woods, the colored wonder,
began training yesterday at West Oak
land for his. fight with Mike Schreck
of Chicago, whom he is to meet before
the Colma Club on. April 5.
Even beggars have their "season" in
Constantinople.- During the winter
months the city harbors a much larger
number of them than in . the . summer,
when many migrate to the 'country.
"Buck" Morse's alumni team had to
be called off this afternoon after the
ball players had journeyed from San
Francisco to Stanford to meet the var
sity. The continued bad weather has
interfered greatly with the practice
of both the Stanford and the Cali
fornia baseball nines, who have less
than two weeks in which to round into
shape for their first game.
Rain interfered with the varsity
baseball schedule again this after
noon. The game scheduled with
As Dole's work has been consist
ently brilliant throughout the season
it is thought probable he will lower
the world's record in actual compe
tition at the intercollegiate field day
on Anril 16.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY.- "March
22. — Norman E. Dole. '05, who won
the title of champion pole vaulter of
the Pacific Coast in the last inter
collegiate field day with a vault of 11
feot 7*i inches, cleared the bar this
morning at 12 feet ?i inch. Had
Dole been performing in an inter
collegiate meet or in any recognized
contest this performance would es
tablish a new world's record. R. G.
Clapp of Yale is the present world's
champion, his best performance being
11 feet 10 ?i inches.
Dole was practicing on the varsity
oval this morning: and was vaulting
about 11 feet G inches with ease when"
Trainer "Dad" Moulton raised the
crossbar to what he supposed was 12
feet and it took but two trials for the
varsily vaulter to clear it. "When
measured in the presence of a num
ber of witnesses the height was found
to be 12 feet & inclt. \
Trainers of the Californian
Are Confident He Will
Weigh In Quite Handily
Cannot Be Accepted by the
Authorities as It Is Not
Made in Open Competition
BOTH MEN WORK HARD
Old Searcher had another easy one
passed to him, the mile selling affair,
fifth to be decided. Looking half an
hour the best horse, the liberal price
of 2 to 1 could be had. Contrary to
custom, Holbrook, who rode the favor
ite, picked the rail position. The aged
sulker outclassed his company so much
that he caught up with Batidor the
last part of it, winning by almost a
length. Decoy quit early in the game,
show. honors falling to Carilee.
It was apparently not Travers' day
to shine In the saddle, for he had the
mount on Galanthus, favorite for the
last event, and finished third. Again
it could be said he was beaten on the
best horse. Roach, on Mlnio, cut loose
from the field at the start, and in a
driving finish led Criss .Cross out a
neck. Travers came up from the uni
v -sity section of Berkeley with the
favorite and then only lost by two
and a half lengths.
ENTRIES *X)R TO-DAY.
First race — Six and a half furlongs; three
year-olds; selling: .
(63C3) Inspector Munro (Fox) 110
C112 'Midway (Piedmont Stable)..., !)0
6412 *Foxy Grandpa (Coftey) 105
6412 Jack Little (Fine) 103
C888 »Mendota (Napa Stock Farm 96
64X2 Homeric (Judge) i 106
6412 County Down (Haskell)-. 103
Second race— Five and a half furlongi; four
year-olds and up; selling:
6362 Edifcate (Chappell) 101
C316 Sol Lichtensteln (Bomlnh) 107
6350 Adirondack (Shannon) 107
63S6 Pure Dale (Thomas & Reavey) 10.1
6410 My Surprise (Mounce) 107
632C 'Amoruna (McGuire).". 9G
«3SG Tom Mitchell (McNeil) 1 03
6378 Pruewood (Me Alester) 105
Third race — Six furlongs; four-year-olds and
up; galling:
(6410)«Quiz II (McCafferty) 104
63»9 Rollick (Jones) 112
S925 Wolhurst (Anthony) . . .' 102
W380 Colonel Van (Fountain) 10(5
6316 Ballroom Belle (Josephs) 100
6301 tFlorestan (Maloney) 100
5115 Montoya (Lank) 102
C300 Muresca (Miller) 104
tLos Angelea index. •
Fourth race — One and a sixteenth miles;
three-year-olds and upward; handicap:
(B257)Grafter (Blaslngame) 106
(636n)HoratlU8 (McAlester) 113
0403 Keynote (Kyle) 00
B0C9 Ben MacDHUi..(Ryan) ..108
6408 "Warte Nicht (Wilkerson) .......:. ... 106
Fifth race — Onn and an eighth mile*; four
year-olds and upward: eellinir: ¦ .
6400 »The Fretter (CXRourlte) .101
6413 Chickadee (Itafour) .104
C2S3 *Byron«rdale (Crane) 07
6400 Fille d'Or (Kenyon) 100
(6398) Billy Moore (Rector) 102
(6400)*Mr. Farnum (McCafferty) 07
Sixth race — Futurity course; three-yeix-olda;
puree : .
0410 Celebrant (Hamilton Stable) .112
(C413)Gateway (Lottrldgr'e) 100
6271 Louis Mac (Devln) 100
6402 The Hawaiian (McCaffeTty) 103
' 6173 Ananias ' (Schorr) .112
6.107 Atwood (Hemlngray) ...112
•Apprentice allowance.
SEARCHER IS IX EASY.
Travers was also beaten on Light
of Day, favorite for the two-year-old
scramble at half a mile. With the
race well in hand he threw the filly's
head away a hundred yards from
home and Martin, astride Escobosa,
scored by nearly a length. Saccharate,
the Napa Stock Farm fllly, looked
dangerous at one time, tiring, how
ever, as the wire was approached, and
running a good third. Albert Fir
showed speed and will take some
beating next time out.
Jack Martin liked the chances of
Captivate in the third selection, even
if the mare was beaten something like
a dozen lengths in a race^ the preced
ing day. A word to the wise Is suffi
cient, and many took a seat in the
front row, popular prices, 6 and 7 to
1, prevailing. Martin made no mis
take, and in a hard drive disposed of
"Willie See on the favorite. Bard Burns,
by a head. Pickaway finished third.
Jockey C. Smith landed the first
purse for "Doc" Kyle with Lady
Atheling. Travers on Resigned, the
18 to 5 favorite, led^into the stretch
by more 1 than a length and would
have won but for miserable piloting.
Travers got over the ridge and into
the ditch or the extreme outside, and
Smith, on the second choice, won by
a length. J. Jones finished third with
Hogarth. Crlgli received support, but
was ridden to no advantage by Shee
han.
Hain fell almost incessantly and the
track was ankle deep with mud.
Nigrette and Searcher were the only
successful choices.
TRAVEHS' POOR RIDE.
Bonner took things quietly with her
to the bend for home and then pass
ing in turn the wilting Ocean
Dream and "Doc" Kyle's mudlark
Ahipada, won easily, > The latter
horse took the place from Ocean
Dream by nearly two lengths. Albula
ran a Door race.
There was nothing: much to the
six and a half furlong handicap at
Oakland yesterday but Nigrette. The
little black mare can beat pretty fair
ones with ninety-eight pounds in the
saddle, and at 8 to 6 was heavily
backed. '
New Grounds Will Benefit
Horsemen, Athletes, Polo
ists and Other Sportsmen
Nearly Every Winner on
the Card Is Quoted at
Liberal Odds by Bookies
The officials of the Amateur Driving
and Athletic Association, which organ
ization has in hand the raisins of funds
for the new speedway and athletlo
grounds In Golden Gate Park, are san
guine of success.
The first lot of subscription books
were distributed yesterday to person*
interested in the cause. Each sub
scriber is given a small receipt upon
the payment of the amount he desires
to contribute. Later on he is sent a
certificate showing the amount of his
subscription. A clause in this reads
that the money will be returned if the>
required $25,000 cannot be raised or If
better terms cannot be made with tha
Park Commissioners. It Is also agreed
that If more than the required amount
is subscribed the surplus will be re
turned pro rata.
The officers are confident they can
raise the amount required within sixty
days. When this Is placed to the credit
of the Park Commissioners tha work
will be commenced immediately and
will be hurried as much as possible.
The plajs indicate a beautiful ad
dition to Golden Gate Park. It will in
clude a speedway, built cm the most
modern lines, a cinder path for athletes
and an Infield suitable for polo, base
ball, football and other sports.
The members of the association will
meet to-morrow night in room 1000,
Palace Hotel. The meeting is open to
all persons interested In the new pro
ject to add to the park's attractiveness.
LOS ANGELES, March 22.— A steady
rain this afternoon made the track at
Ascot sloppy, with the result that there
were many upsets in the form of the
horses. Nearly every winner was at
good odds, ranging: from 3 to 15 to J.
Coloney Bjgey, heavily played to win
the seven furlong handicap, the chief
event on the card, broke down at the
head of the stretch and dropped com
pletely out of it. Bragg won the race
with Golden Mineral second. There
was pl^ntv of botllnp, in spite of the
bad weither, and the books had all the
better of it. ' .
Weather rainy; ti&ck sloppy. The
summary:
First race, aix furlongs— Gibraltar. Ill
(Fletcher), 10 to 1, won; Louise Melning, 03
(Feicht). 3 to 1, second; Tioleta, 112 (Wilkins).
15 to 1.. third. Time, 1:1*%. Annie F. Pic
ture, Lurdan. General Cronje. Jack Richelieu
Jr.. M'tecra. Kgg A'ogg and Capitol also ran.
Second race, six and a half furlongs—Land
seer. 110 (Feicht), 9 to 2. won; Nona B, 103
(Jackson). 7 to 1, second; Cursus. 09 (Lowe), 2
to 1, third. Time. 1 :23. Nell Ilolton. OUvilo.
The Covenanter and Einshee also ran.
Third race, six furlongs, selling— Sceptre. 115
(Prior). 7 to 1, won; Bassanlo, 112 (Miles). 11
to 5. second; Roltaire. 114 <J. Lewis). 12 to 1.
third. Time, l:l«i,. Kylo II, I>r. Shorb.
Judge Napton. Negrusca, Athelrose also ran.
Fourth race, seven furlongs, free handicap —
Bragg 112 (Prior). 3 to 1. won; Gclden Mineral.
*J5 (Feicht), 4 to 1.. second: Callant, 90 (John
son). 8 to 1, third. Time. l:2S?i. Nitrate.
M.' F. Tarpey and- Colonel Bogey also ran.
Fifth race, six irtid a half furlongs, selling —
Rio Chico, 105 (Slnnott), 6 to 1, won; Red
Damsel. 103 (Dugan), 7 to 2, second: Cardwell
ton. 105 (Johnson), 20 to 1, third. Time. 1:23.
Evander, Thisbe, Wager, Alaresa, Farmer Jim
also ran.
Sixth race one mile, selling — Jlngler. 100
(Anderson). 5 to 1, won; Canejo. 108 (Lewis),
1 to 2. second; Phj-z, 95 (Lawrence), 2O to 1.
third. Time. 1:43V,. Rey Del Rio. Louwelsea
and Evermore also ran.
Kacing at Little Rock.
LITTLE ROCK, Ark., March 22.— Results:
First race, four furlongs — Captain Broloskl
won. Victor B second, Jnflarnmabls third.
Time. :53.
Second race, six furlongs— Tiomalne won,
WHlsbe second. Harplith third. Time, 133%.
Third race, four furlongs— Marjory Gaffncy
won, Corant second. Jewel Crystal third.
Time. :5J54.
Fourth race-, six furlongs — Martlus won,
Temiesseean second, Cohassett third. Time,
1:19.
Fifth ; race, six rurlonzs— Ingolthrift won.
Joe Martin second, Anarak third. Time. 1:10.
Sixth race, one mile — Welcome Light won.
Leviathan second. Excentral third. Time. 1:45.
CONVENTION* IS CALLED
BY VINEYARD OWNERS
ASKS COURT TO DISPLACE
ATTORNEY CHARLES G. XAGLG
Given by His Former Client, the
Late Elizabeth Boyne.
Formal Proceedings Involve Note
In the estate of Elizabeth Boyne, de
ceased, Judge Coffey yesterday granted
an order directing the executor, James
L. Nagle, to show cause before htm on
Thursday morning why the court
should not appoint another attorney
for the* executor in place of hi3
brother, Charles G. Nagle, to defoml
an action b rou ght against the estate
by Dr. H. J. Conradt, the present
holder of a note and mortgage for
$2500 given by Mrs. Boyne shortly be
fore her death t& Nagle & Nagle, who
were then her attorneys. Both the
Nagles said yesterday that they would
not oppose the petition, in fact, they
said James L. Nagle had called on
Judge Coffey only a few days ago to
ask for the appointment of another at
torney to defend this suit.
The note and mortgage, which wert
given to protect the attorneys* fees In
the numerous litigations in which Mrs.
Boyne was involved with Dennis Kear
ney and others, were assigned by tha
lawyers to Thomas Moran and by him
transferred to Dr. Conradt, who re
cently entered suit thereon. The not*
and mortgage have been attacked by
Lent & Humphrey, attorneys for
Fathers Caraher and Torke, the resid
uary legatees under Mrs. Boyne's
will, and Judge Coffey granted the or
der to show cause yesterday on thein
petition.
The petitioners set forth that aa th«
Nagles are indorsers and therefore
guarantors of the note, they are
estopped from properly defending
Conradt's suit. Attorney Humphrey of
the law firm said yesterday that fraud
was not charged against the Nagle* la
the petition.
Organization for General Good and to
War Asalnst Insect Pests Is Mo
tive for Action.
A committee, consisting of John
Swett of Martinez, Noah G. Rogers of
Los Gatos, Frank T. Swett ot Mar
tinez, G. M. Westcott of Concord, Bur
ton A. Towne of Lodl, Leonard Coates
of Fresno and John Markley of Gey
serville, have issued a call for a con
vention of vineyard owners In this city
to be held at 31 Post street on Friday
and Saturday of the present week.
The purpose of the meetings is to form
a permanent organization. The call is
in substance as follows:
A small number of men who make their
living by the culture of their vineyards have
come to the conclusion, after comparing views,
that the time has come when the grape grow
ers of this State ought to make some effort
to help themselves by means of some kind of
organized effort. The dangers that confront
us. If not alarming, are very serious. The
phyUoxera we are holding in check by means
of resistant roots, but we have yet much to
learn about the adaptation of different kinds
of resistant roots to soil and climate condi
tions, and about the affinity of different vinl
fera cuttings when grafted upon resistant
roots.
We are menaced by a still greater danger
In what Is known as the "anaheim." or "Cali
fornia vine disease." which has already de
stroyed many thousands of acres of vines
and is slowly making its way Into vineyards
which the phylloxera had spared. The dis
ease has thua far baffled the Investigations
of scientific observers and of practical workers.
The viticulture! department is doing all it
can with limited means and still more limited
staff to aid us now, as It has done in the past;
but the State University Itself needs behind
It the power of a larg*> organized body of the
men most directly interested in the preserva
tion of the vine. Is it the part of wise men
to sit down in our vineyards and cry aloud
for State aid or Federal Government experts
while we make no concerted effort to help
ourselves? These are the times that try men's
souls; let us show that we can fight in self
preservation.
One annual meeting- of two days will enable
u« to establish committees of correspondence
and committees to urge county Boards of Su
pervisors to lend a hand in securing and pay-
Ing for exoert work. At the annual meetings
members can exchange views in an Informal
manner and give one another tha benefit of
their practical experiments. An organization
Ilka this might be known as "The State Viti
cultural Club." for the purpose of mutual Im
provement and mutual aid.
SOXG RECITAL PROVES
h SB SINGER'S VERSATILITT
CIVIL SERVICE VACANCIES
IN* THE FEDERAL SYSTEM
Architects, Agriculturists, Meat In*
spectors, Electricians, Surf men and
Others Wanted. ,
April 19 will be a field day for civil
service examination in the Federal de
partment. On that date examinations
will be held for the following posi
tions:
Computer, Btiperrlslnr •rchlt«et"s ef9e». min
imum act limit. 20 years; scientific assistar.s.
Department of Agriculture. $840 per annum;
meat Inspector, bureau ot aolmat Industry.
Departm«nt of Agriculture, minimum as* limit
20 yeara, fourteen vacancies; electric elevator
constructor In the Government printing i offlcs
at *•* per di«m, minimum age limit 20 years.
On April 9 an examination will b«
held for surfman In the Fourth Life
saving District, Point of Woods Sta
tion. 'No educational test will be
given and it will not be necessary for
applicants to appear at any place for
examination. Applicants must not be
less than 5 feet 6 Inches In height and
weigh not less than 135 nor more than
205 pounds. Age limit, 18 to 45 years.
Persons who desire to compete should
apply to the keeper of the life-saving
station at which they desire employ
ment for application form 395. which
should be properly executed and filed
with the keeper.
,For the examinations on April 19
competitors should apply to the
United States Civil Service Commis
sion, Washington, X>. C., or to the
secretary of the local Board of Ex
aminers, 301 Jackson street, San Fran
cisco, for application form 1093, which
should be properly executed and filed
with the commission at Washing
ton, D. C.
Mrs. M. E. Blonchard Pleases Large
Audience at Century Hall by Ren
dition of Attractive Programme. .
Century Hall was the sce'ne of a de
lightful song recital last night by Mrs.
M. E. Blanchard. Notwithstanding
the inclemency of the weather the hall
was well filled with her admirers. The
first portion of the programme was
composed of a trio of ancient Italian
songs of the sixteenth century, "In
torno all'idol mio," by CestI; "Se Flor
indo," by Scarlatti, and "Plaislr
d'Amour," by Martini.
Mrs. Blanchard's mezzo contralto
was also heard to advantage In
Brahms' "Feldeihsamkeit" and "Han
selein," by Taubert, a most delightful
creation. Of the French numbers "Le
Chevalier Belle-Etoile" met with
much favor.
"A Ballad of Trees and the Master,"
by Chadwick, was delightfully ren
dered. The programme as a whole
was most pleasing and demonstrated
the singer's great versatility. Fred
Maurer contributed to the success of
the affair as accompanist.
Took Overdose of Chloral.
William Jones, residing at 13 Bart
lett street, was taken to the Emer
gency Hospital last night for treat
ment es the result of taking an over
dose of chloral. Jones, who is of a
nervous temperament, was In the
habit of using the potion to steady
his nerves, but failed to regulate the
amount properly last night. He will
recover.
To Iiccturc on "Passion Play."
"The Passion Play" is the subject of
an. Illustrated lecture to be given to
morrow evening; Thursday. March 24.
by the Rev. George W. White, D. D.,
at Central Methodist Episcopal
Church, Mission street, between Sixth
and Seventh. The illustrations will
depict the play as given in 1900 at
Oberammergau - -
The cost of freight hauling per ton
per mile on the London Northern Rail
way, England's moat Important ' line,
expressed In cents is $1 43. On the
Pennsylvania Railway the cost Is .401.
of a cent, and on the New York Cen
tral .416 of a cent.
EAIX UPSETS THE FORM
BEATS WORLD'S FIGURES
MANY CLUBS WILL HELP
OAKLAND BACETBAOK — TUESDAY March 22. — Weather rainy. Track muddy.
O42S. FIRST RACE— Five and a half furlongs; selling; 3-year-olds; value to first, $325.
Index Horse and Owner. WtlSt. x'. #. %. Str. Fin" Jockey. Op. Cl.
£!ti P ady Athe 'lng (J. A Kyle).. 95 3 ... In In In 11 C. Smith... 3 4
0340 Resigned (A. W. Coffey) 102 1 ... 3 2 2 1Vi2 1 '_• 8 Travers ... 3 1S-R
Co70 Hogarth (P. J. Carmody) 101 .8 ... 7 % 7 2>^B n 3 »i J. Jones 8 10
0353 Miss M. Bowdlsh (Blaslncme) 94 7 ... 8 2^6 Vi 7 2 4 1»4 Crosswalto 8 10
«J115 Crlglt (C. E. Gruwell) 107 5 ... 2 1%3 3 3 %54 J. T. Shehn 4 4
58C2 (Judge & Co.) Ill 9 ... 5 2%4 n 6 ',46 2 See 15 10
63K5 VauKhan (Mrs. . Hertzell) 101 2 ... 6^98 4 2 7 2% Bonner 10 15
6340 Brookwood Belle (Blaylock).. 107 4 ... 9 2^8 n 8 2 8 4 McBrlde ... 50 • 100
C19»i Hannah Van (Lee & Son).... 102 10 ...10 10 10 9 4 Holbrook .. 20 60
S85O jMorello R.(Gaffort & Co.) 106| 6 ... 4 2^5 »i 9 2 10 . J. Martin.. 6 8
Tin* — :2.V£, :D3. 1:11 14. At post lij minutes. Oft at 2:14. Atheling. place. 3-2: show.
3-5. Resigned, place. 7-5: show, 3-5. Hogarth, show. 2. Winner, ch. t. by Athellns-
Pllgrlmage. Trained by VT. A Kyle. S.-ratched — Targette. Doris. Louis Me. Moynard.
Midway. Maxetta Start good. Won in a drive of four. Travers on Resigned ,pirew the
race away, turning too wide and getting down in the ditch. ' Smith rode a well-judged
race on winner. Miss Bowdlsh a slow beginner. Crigll in the deep going. Homeric
was played. • . |
O-I23. SECOXD RACE— Four furlongs; «elllng; 2-year-olds; value ta first. $325.
Index! Horse and Owner! Wt St. U . %.' %. Str. Fin. I Jockey. Op. Cl.
(C387) Escobosa (Stewart * Co.).... 106 4 2n 3 l&l % J. Martin.. 8 18-5
(C575) Light of Day (Mrs Coffey)... IOC 7 ...... 1 n 1 n 2 2& Travers ... 5-2 , 7-2
6387 Saccharate (Napa Stock Farm) 101 5 3 2 2^33 J. T. Shehn -4 4
Albert Fir (M. Jones) 107 3 ... ... 4 1%4 14 4 h Otis . ... SO CO
6375 Hooligan (D. S. Fountain)... 95 1 7 3 5 3 5 2 Vandrbout 3 9-2
6351 iDlxelle (A. T. Dobson) 100 8 6h 64 64 Bonner 10 6
|n>isproportlonableness (Waters) 103 9 9 83 7% Mountain .. 30 50
6375 Sileo (El Prlmero Stable) 107 6 ...'... 6 2 7 2 8 4 Tull«t 30 100
6387 Lady Blanton (Mrs. Miller).. | 05| 2 83 9 9 C. Smith... 40 100
Tim*— :25. :51U. At post 2 minutes. Oft at 2:4<H£. Escoboea. placo. 6-5; show, 1-2. Day.
place. 7-5; show. 3-5. Saccharate. show, 3-5. 'Wlnnrr. br. b. by Eddie Jones -Napamax.
Trained by F. Edwards. Start good. Won In a drive of three. Light of Day was best
and should have won. Travera as usual went to pieces the last part of It and Martin
ourflnfsheil him. Saccharate had speed, but tired. Albert Fir Is fast. He was in tha
deep going. Hooligan acted badly at the post.
G424. THIRD RACE— Futurity course; selling; 4-year-olds and up; value to first. $325.
Index Horse and Owner. WtlSt. V*. M. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
6411 Captivate, 6 (Blanch! & McG.) 108 2 ... 4 3 3 >£ 1 n 1 h J. Martin.. 6 7
6399 Bard Burns. »5 (S. Judge) 113 5 ... 5n 54 3n 24 See 6-5 7-5
6342 Pickaway. 4 (A. J. Jackson). 105 R ... 2 % 2 >4 4 h S h Sherwood .. 3 8-2
630!> Alice Carey. 4 (H. E Rowell) 9S 1 ... 3h 4 2^5 1%4 1% Travera ... 5 9-2
6S8<5 Dr. Sherman. 6 (M. L. White) 101 7 ... 7 7 6n 5n Frowen ... .20 12
6308 Benlas-h. 4 (L. Jeuness) 100 6 ... 68 6n 7 63 Vandrbout 30 60
6386 Amaga, a (M. M. Rowley).. ¦¦ 107 4 ... 1 »4 1 % 2 *4 7 I. Powell... 12 16
Time — :25. :50^i. 1:14. At post '^ minute. Off at 8:04. Captivate, place, 11-5; show. 4-5.
Burns, place. 1-2; show, 1-C. Pickaway, show, 3-5. Winner, ch. m. by Captive-Fusil
lade's Last. Trained by O. A. Blanchi. Start good. Won In a hard drive of four. Cap
tivate likes weight, the going to-day BUited the good lady and Martin was sweet on her
chances. Martin bumped and outjockeyed See last one hundred yards. Claim of foul
not allowed. Pickaway quit. Allc» Carey ran a very fair race. Amasa -went on a
strike.
G4Z5. FOURTH RACE — Six and a half furlongs; handicap; 3-year-olds and up; first. $400.
Index Horse and Owner. WtlSt. % • %. «;. Str. Fin. Jockey.. Op. ' Cl.
(6331) Nigrette. 4 (W. B. Jennlng*).. 88 1 2 % 3 n 3 f i 2 % 1 1 Bonner 8-5" 8-2
5483 Ahumada. 4 (J A. Kyle) 106 5 5 2 tf 2 n 3 V, 2 1»4 C. Smith... 6 7
6403 Ocean Dream 4 (Twyman)... 112 4 1 n 1 3 1 % 1 V a 3 314 Mountain .. 3 23-5
6379 Albula 6 (Lamasney Bros.).. 101 3 3 1Vj4 2 43 42 42 J. T. Shehn 2 6-2
6354 Esherin, 4 (J. F. Schorr) 92 2 4 V, 5 6 6 6 Reed 10 25
Time — :2"4U. :4S%, 1:16%. 1:23>4. At post .U minute. Off at 3:29*;. Nigrette. place.
1-2; show. out. Ahumada, place. 5-2; show. 1. Dream, show. 1-3. Winner, blk. m.
by Midlothian-Twinkle. Trained by W, B. Jennings. Start fair. Won easily. Second
easily. Third driving. Nigrette was in well and any old kind of going suited Bonner.
Smith on Ahumada took many liberties or he would have been more difficult to subdue.
Too much weight on Ocean Dream. Sheehan rode- Albula and the band played on.
O42U. FIFTH RACE — One mile; selling; 4-year-olds and up; value to first. ?325.
Indexl Horse and'Owner. WtlSt. U . '-i. »4. Str. Fin. I Jockey. .Op. Cl.
(K576)!searchpr 0 (O. P. Komlgh).. 105 3 7 7 5~1~ 3 1 1 % Holbrook .. 2 8-5
639S Batldor, 4" (W. P. Fine) 100 ."> 4 2 2 h I % 1 n 2 *i Travers ... 3 21-5
6398, iCarilee. 6 (Appleby & Co.)... 103 2 2>«ln24 2131 Knapp 20 30
6341 llsabellita, 4 (McNamara) 106 7 5 n Mi 4 S 4^41 .1. Martin.. 4 B
6398 iDecoy. a (G. Miller) 105 1 1 (J32 3 ?; 5 6 B 8 Mountain .. 3 23-5
Cil4 (Impromptu, a (Painter.) 103 C 6 1 6 "Ji 7 6 4 6 8 C. Smith... 10 13
M94 |Blondura, 4 (F. Devin) OS 4 324n617 7 Cross walte SO 15
Time — 12.GMI :51 l i, 1:19. 1:47%. At post 2'i minutes. Off at 3:57%. Searcher, place, 4-5;
' show. 2-5. Batldor. place. 8-5; show, 7-10. Oarilee. show,. 3. Winner, ch. g. by Hln
doo-Queen Regent. Trained by J. Stewart. Start fair. AVon in a drive of three. Hol
brook discovered a new route., holding to the rail throughout* Was on the best horse or
the going would have anchored him. Batldor did not fall short much. Decoy ran a .
very poor race. Impromptu won't do. »
6427. SIXTH RACE — Six furlongs; selling; 4-year-olda and up; value to first, $325.
Indexl Horse and Owner. WtlSt. Vt. M- %. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
6390 MImo 4 (P. Sheridan). ....... 102 4 ... 'In 12 12 In Roach 3 11-2
6355 Crlss "Cross. 5 (F. N. Hayes). 104 3 ... 2 h 2 2 2 1%2 2?4 Mountain .. 5 9-2
(6411) Galanthus, 6 (Mrs. Coffey)... 09 5 ... 5 1^5 1 4 2 3 21^ Travers ... 2 13-5
62S3 Axminster. 5 (Randall) 107 1 ... 6 6 5 n 4 1% J. Martin.. 5 8
C339 Flaneur 6 (C. McCafferty) . . . 104 2 ... 34 Sn 3n 54 Bonner 4 18-5
6093 Brennus. 4 (Judge & Co.) 107 6 ... 4 % 4 1 6 6 Otis 8 7
Time— :24'/4 :40\i i:16& At post 2 minutes. Oft at 4:25. Mlmo. place, 8-5; show,
7-10. Cross, place, 7-5; show, 3-5. Galanthus. show. 2-5. Winner, b. g. by Mllesio-
Minona Trained by P. Sheridan. Scratched — Matt Hogan. Start good. Won in a hard
drive of three. Mimo had speed and stayed the route. Criss Cross grew groggy last
fifty yards Galanthus waa best and should have won. Travers let him fall out of It
a block before going to work. Flaneur in the bad going. Brennus away very poorly.
The Man From Denver Con
tinues to Kule a Strong
Favorite Over J. Britt
Stanford Athlete Clears the
Bar at Twelve Feet Three-
Quarters Inch in Trial
Officials Interested Antici
pate No Difficulty in Se
curing Necessary Funds
Captivate Downs
Bard Burns in
a Drive.
Is Heavily Backed to Win
Feature Eveut at Ascot,
but He Fails to Finish
BETTORS FAVOR
YOUNG CORBETT
COLONEL BOGEY
BREAKS DOWN
PARK SPEEDWAY
PLANS MATURE
AHUMADA IN HARNESS AGAIN,
LANDS SECOND TO NIGRETTE
NORMAN DOLE'S
RECORD VAULT
SPORTS OF THE RACETRACK, PRIZERING AND ATHLETIC FIELD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL'. WEDNESDAY, MARCH 23, 1904.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
10. A* considerable amount of amuse
nif nt was created on Market -street
yesterday morninp by the appearance
<»f"a hatlPHs, Feckless, shoeless man.
I!e walked meditatively along 1 , appar
ently oblivious to the fact that he was
'the head of a rapidly increasing pro
cession.
He claims to be the only original
''nature man" and a Stanford a'.udent.
lie asoris: that his manner of dress is
conducive to health. He lives on nuts
,"nd fruits exclusively and sleeps in
the open air. He is on his way to
Honolulu rind stiitps that he will dress
in tights alone while in the tropics.
Ho says he weighed only ninety
-pounds live years ago and was dying
of consumption. He looks husky
enough to punch cows in Arizona at
present. His name is K. W. Dar'ir^.
He takes s*un baths exclusively,
tspcUn phonetically and has divine
revelation?.
t'ro.-it««« Aniusenient on Streets
by Peculisir Api)earance.
Ilarefootod and Bareheaded Crank
OttlGIN'AI, -XATDRE MAX"
VISITS SAX FKAXCISCO
A petition was filed yesterday In
the United States District Court by
Charles B. Tidball, contractor ".and
decorator, San Francisco, liabilities
$1666; no assets.
Insolvent Decorator.
The American Tract Association in
Judge Sloss' court yesterday secured
judgment for 56060 against George
Walker and S. C. Bareford. The
money waa due on two promissory
notes made in 1896 by Walker and
indorsed by Bareford.
Gets Judffment on Notes.
Sir SamSiel Montagu has placed at
the disposal of the London County
Council $50,000 for workingmen's cot
tages at Edmonton.
The estate of the late James Par
ker Treadwell, who committed sui
cide a few months ago in Southern
California, was distributed yesterday
by order of court. It is now in the
hands of Abbie Montrose Treadwell,
widow of the deceased, and John T.
Harmes, who, in Treadwell's will, are
named as trustees of his estate. It is
to be. held by them in trust until the
son of Treadwell, now aged about two
years, reaches the age of 21, when it
will be distributed to him and his
mother in equal shares. The estate
is worth more than $200,000.
Trustees Hold Treadwell Estate.
The application for letters of guard
ianship over the person of Mary C.
Green, an alleged incompetent, filed
by her brother, W. H. Green, was de
nied yesterday by Judge Coffey, who
decided that he had no jurisdiction in
the matter, the Greens being residents
of Alameda County. The court also
found that Green, who was appointed
guardian of his sister by l.!s mother's
will, had not taken proper care of her
in that though he held 5900 of his
sister's estate he hod during a period
extending over several months ex
pended only 518 50 for her benefit.
Green's Application Denied.
The trial of the contest of the will
of the late Elizabeth W. H. Moxley*
which was brought by Carrie Talbott
of Redding, a niece of the deceased,
was commenced before a Jury in
Judge Coffey's court yesterday. The
estate is valued at $80,000, and ac
cording to the contestant's charges,
Mrs. Moxley, in devising the greater
portion of it to her sister, Lydla H.
Mooney, and her daughter, Ella
Mooney, did so because the Mooneys
had poisoned her mind against the
rest of her relatives. She alleges fur
ther that at the time the will was
made Mrs. Moxley was not mentally
capable of making a testament, ac
cording to her desires.
Moxley Will Contest on Trial.
Leslie Falkenburg, 543 Jessie street,
secured a warrant from Police Judge
Mogan yesterduy for the arrest of
Mamie Garrity on a charge of cruelty
to a. minor child. He said that the
woman had been associating with his
brother George, a sailor, who is at
present on a voyage. The woman had
given birth to two children, Law
rence, who is now three years of age,
and George, a baby ten months old.
Lawrence had been cared for by his
grandparents, but the baby had been
left with the mother. The father had
always contributed to the support of
the two children and without any rea
son the mother on Sunday evening left
the baby, George, on the doorstep of
the Falkenburg home at 543 Jessie
street, where he was discovered and
carried into the house. A warrant
was asked on a charge of abandoning
an infant, but it was deemed better to
make the charge one of cruelty.
Minnie Garrity Jjeaves liaby on Door
step of House and Warrant Is
Issued for Her Arrest.
MOTHER CHARGED WITH
. CKUEI/TY TO A CHILI)
The suit of the firm of Urmston,
Patterson & Baird for 550,000 dam
ages for breach of contract against the
firm of Hysham & Neel is on trial be
fore a Jury in Judge Murasky's court.
The plaintiff alleges it was damaged
t"o the extent of the .amount sued for
by reason of a violation- by the de
fendants of an agreement to send to
this State 10,000 head of cattle to be
pastured and sold by the plaintiffs,
with the understanding that for its
services the firm was to have all
over 516 a head it received for the cat
tle. According to the complaint the
defendant sent only 2012 head, thus
preventing the earning by the plain
tiff of a sum commensurate with the
money it Invested In preparing to pas
ture the number of cattle it was
agreed would be sent.
Cattle Kings in Court.
A thief with a fancy for diamond
rings mixed among the frequenters of
the Hammam baths, at 1» Grant ave
nue, yesterday morning and selected
two that sparkled on the fingers of two
of the sleeping bathers, who had not
taken the precaution to leave their jew
els in the box assigned to each.
B. H. McLaughlin of the Royal House,
126 Ellia street, and F. J. Finch of Re
dondo, who Js at present stopping at
637 Post street, were the victims. Mc-
Laughlin's stone was 3^, carats and
was valued at 5450, while Finch's was
two carats and was valued at 5315. The
rings were on their fingers when they
went to sleep after having a bath, but
when they awoke the rings had, disap
peared.
Thinking that an attendant might
have taken the rings off as a precau
tionary measure while they were asleep,
they hastened to the clerk, who. dashed
their hopes to the ground by assuring
them that he knew absolutely nothing
about the rings. The attendants were
questioned, but denied ,any knowledge
of the missing jewels., Then it dawned
upon them that a thief had been in
their midst, and a telephone message
was sent to police headquarters.
Detectives Bunner and Freel were de
tailed on the case.
.vjien informed that she must go back
to the asylum, for a time, at least.
Bhortly before leaving for Napa she
was questioned in regard to the let
ters she had written. She admitted
the authorship and in a very deter
mined manner said she would not take
back a word she wrote. She refused,
however, to discuss their contents, say
iryr that she had been instructed by her
attorney, William Alford, not to dis
« sis? tJu-m or anything connected with
.her case-.
Mrs. O'Brien certainly does not ap
pear to be insane. She talks and acts
lationally enough, and during the pro
ceeding! yesterday displayed no evi
dence tending to Fhow that she is in
competent, except perhaps that she
broke into tears and grew excited
family and I know of several she has
v.ritten to relatives of patients at the
.hospital, accusing the management of
i he hospitatl of all sorts of wrong
dofne"
""She violated the provisions of her
parole and it was our duty to take her
into custody," he said in an interview.
"I know nothing about the charge that
thf was railroaded, but I do know that
beyond a dnubt she is insane. She
v as, at any rate, but if. after her re
turn to the hospital. I find that she is
row pane, she certainly will be re
leased, and immediately. Why, you
should see thp letters the woman has
Written me. I have several from her
in which she threatens me and my
Dr. W. L. Stone, who was present at
the- hearing before Judge Hebbard yes
terday, emphatically denied that there
v.as any attempt made by any one to
illegally restrain the woman of her
liberty, or that he feared any exposure.
STOXE DENIES CHANGES.
' According to the friends of Mrs.
O'Biion, her arrest is due to the ef
forts of Dr. \V. L. Stone, superintend
ent of the Napa institution, to prevent
her from making public certain alleged
abuses of the patients of the hospital,
srbich she threatened to do in letters
Fhe wrote to Dr. Ptone and to the rela
tives of inmate? of the asylum. It was
also intimated that she was the victim
of the spite of relatives. In connection
with the charge that Mrs. O'Brien is
bting returned to the hospital to pre
vent her threatened expose of the
methods alleged to be pursued there,
JT J. Kennedy, one of Mrs. O'Brien's
lawyers, said: "My client knows a
y hole lot about the manner in which
the hospital at Napa is conducted and,
because of her knowledge and the
threats she has made to expose the
officials, she is being 'railroaded" back
t<> the institution. It is an effort to
l-UFh her ui>, and she will not submit
to it."
FIUBXDS SEEK KELEASE
• A wrtt of habeas corpus was denied
Mrp. Carrie O'Brien yesterday by
Judge Hebbard. and she was remanded
to the custody of the officials of the
N'ayu State Hoepital for the Insane,
who, in consequence of Mrs. O'Brien's
failure to report to tht? authorities her
whertaboutP, as the law provides a
j'P.roled insane patient should, caused
l-.t-r to be arrt-stfd and confined in the
•insane ward at tht Kmergt-ncy Hop-
I-ital. pending her return to Xapa, She
Eftught her release on the ground that
Bht was not insane, but Judge Hebbard
denied in r the writ on the ground that
it should have been applied for in Xapa
County, the law providing that, once a
person is committed to an asylum, an
appeal fur release and consequent
i<~ptoration to capacity can only be
prosecuted in the county wherein the
asylum is located. She was returned
to the asylum yesterday afternoon, and
to-morrow an effort will be made to
eecure her release.
Police Are Notified, but
They Obtain Xo Clew
to the Paring Criminal
Burglars entered the saloon of D. E.
Collins, at First and Mission streets,
between S o'clock , Monday night and 6
o'clock yesterday morning. The . fact
that burglars had paid a visit to the
saloon was largely apparent when it
was opened for business yesterday
morning.
Collins made an inventory of the
stock that was left and reported to
Policeman T. P. Riordan that cigars of
the value of' $S2, nineteen pints of
champagne of different brands valued
at $24, eight bottles of whisky valued at
$11 and a bottle of brandy valued at $2
were missing. The burglars were also
'successful in working the combination
of the safe, but after the door was
opened they were confronted with a
locked strong box. They evidently were
prepared for such : an emergency with
tools, as the box was broken open and
the contents — $150 In coin — stolen.
The burglars also ransacked every
drawer in the place, and the floor was
strewn with papers and other articles
that had been in the drawers. En
trance was obtained by means of a lad
der,- which had been taken from in
front of the Langley & Michaels Com
pany's, wholesale druggists, 38 First
street. It belonged to painters that are
working on the building. They carried
the ladder to the saloon and placed it
against the First street entrance to the
saloon. They climbed up the ladder to
the transom, and the rest was easy.
The ladder was found about 100 feet
from the saloon.
Captain Martin was notified and two
detectives were detailed on the case,
but so far no arrests have been made.
Work the Safe Combination,
Break Open Strong Box
and Steal the Contents
Says His Client Is Being
"Railroaded" to Prevent
Exposure of Institution
ASLEEP AT THE TIME
CARRY AWAY THE STOCK
Judge Mogan dismissed the charge of
distributing adulterated milk that had
been made against Fred Gillette by Dr.
Macy. The physician failed to prove
his accusation that the milk had been
served to him by Gillette, and his as
sertion that the milk had been analyzed
and pronounced impure by the city
chemist was flatly contradicted by that
official, who testified that he had no
recollection of analyzing any milk for
the complainant.
Judge Fritz refused Attorney Can
non's motion to dismiss the charge of
embezzlement against Dr. T. F. Bren
nan, accused of having appropriated to
his own use $37,000 intrusted to his
keeping by the Rev. Father Gray, and
testimony for the defense will be heard
to-morrow.
Violet Carter, accused of robbing a
Portuguese mariner - in a Washington
street saloon, had a flock of feminine
witnesses examined before Judge Mo
gan, and with affecting unanimity they
testified that they knew nothing detri
mental to the defendant's character.
They were employed in a Pacific street
dance hall, of which Violet was the
terpsichorean star, and they did not
see her do anything more reprehensible
than to induce her accuser to purchase
many bottles of beer. More testimony
will be heard to-day.
George Lavelle, whose beat as a beg
gar was in the vicinity of Fifth and
Market streets, will be missed from it
for thirty days, as the imprisonment
prescribed for him by Judge Mogan
covers that period.
Judge Fritz reduced from burglary
to petty larceny the charge against
John O'Connor, who smashed a show
case in front of a Market street store
early yesterday morning and abstract
ed therefrom twenty-five neckties and
an umbrella. The charge was reduced
because burglary consists of feloniously
entering a building, which O'Connor
did not do.
James Murray, who has only one leg,
entered the boot and shoe shop of Har
ry Perry, 239 Third street, night before
last and solicited alms, and when re
fused became so abusive that Perry
undertook to eject him. During the
scuffle that ensued Perry struck Mur
ray's nose with a hammer, breaking
that organ, and then had him arrested
for battery. Murray obtained his re
lease on $5 bail, but when Judge Mogan
heard the facts of the case he Increased
the amount to $100, and now Murray
is in jail.
* * t
Mr. Coyne of 739 Tehama street was
engaged in a fistic argument with an
other gentleman in front of the Coyne
residence when William Moore entered
the house and, it is alleged, attacked
Mrs. Coyne, who complained to Officer
Curtin, who arrested William Moore.
Judge Mogan has the case under ad
visement.
Lee Ow is on Mogan's docket for
keeping an opium den at 32 Ross al
ley and six Chinese were arrested at
the same time for being Inmates of the
place. The Judge is considering what
he would better do with the greasy
group. To warrant conviction it must
be proved that Lee Ow either sold or
gave opium to his fellow prisoners,
and that is what Police Sergeant
Christensen, who led the raid. Is un
able to prove. So it looks like dis
missal and another chance for the po
lice to complain to the Grand Jury
that they find it difficult to convict in
the police courts.
pocket had been picked and that Po
lice Officer Cooney, a fellow passenger,
had picked it. Cooney was in plain at
tire, else McGrain might not have
made the accusation and then empha
sized it by smiting the policeman's
nose. He was greatly surprised when
Cooney placed him under arrest, and
now he is wondering what sort of a
sentence Judge Mogan will hand out
to him this morning.
Pat McGrain, who has attained some
notoriety as a boxer, was aboard a
Mission-street car and bound for the
pony races at Tanforan when he sud
denly conceived the idea that his
When an inquisitive policeman ar
rested Charles Lyton for begging on
the street and searched his clothing he
found 83 cents in one of the pockets
and Judge Mogan sent the opulent
mendicant to spend three months in
the County Jail.
There is discord in the home of the
Stohrs, No. 8 Stanyan street. The
mother of Frank Stohr bequeathed to
him a deed to the residence, and his
sister, Clothilde, a teacher in the pub
lic schools, is suing to have the deed
set aside. Brother and sister live in
the house, and the latter keeps Mrs.
F. M. Todd and an aged gentleman
named W. G. Gibbs, also dwelling
there, for the alleged purpose of pro
tecting her from her brother. The
presence of Mrs. Todd, and Mr. .Gibbs
is obnoxious to Frank, and last Sun
day he ordered the old gentleman to
get out and stay out. This command
was resented by sister Clothilde, and
In a scuffle that ensued Frank is al
leged to have struck Gibbs with a
whip. Arrest of Frank.
After the case in all its bearings
had been heard by Judge Cabaniss he
continued it for thirty days in order
to afford the parties opportunity to ar
rive at some kind of an amicable un
derstanding as to who should and who
should not retain possession of the
house, as It is apparent that peace can
not be preserved while Joint occupancy
Is maintained. It is understood that
Frank Is taking legal steps to get
Clothilde ousted.'
Alexander Campbell, an attorney,
was held by Judge Cabanies in $500
bonds to answer to the Superior Court
on a charge of felony embezzlement,
he having failed to turn over to one
Espanoza the sum of $60 which, it is
alleged, that person employed him to
collect from one Ross.
Alfred Smith, George Redmond and
Edward O'Brien were found guilty of
burglary and Judge Cabaniss held
them to the Superior Court with the
bond of each fixed at $3000. They are
accused of entering the grocery of E.
Ring at Twenty-fifth and Mission
streets and stealing $8 from the till.
All of . the foregoing was corrobor
ated and considerably elaborated by
Gismonda herself. Perish the idea of
her having tendered any provocation
to the defendants. True, her relation
ship with them had been somewhat
strained for some time prior to that
memorable night, but she had studious
ly endeavored to keep out of their way.
Ae for hurling an obscene nickname
at either of them, far would it be from
her to do such a thing. She guessed
she never forgot she was a lady. Her
facial injuries kept her at home four
days and she still suffers from the ef
fects of the nervous derangement
caused by the assault.
A masculine attache of the so-called
theater had witnessed the assault and
heard the epithet that provoked it. No,
he did net interfere. His prescribed
function was to serve beer to the pa
trons of the establishment — not to "split
out" warring comediennes.
Other ladies will testify this morn
ing, and it is rumored that some of
them will ascribe the assault to pro
fessional and personal jealousy. Gis
monda, say some of her friends, can
sing more sweetly than either of the
defendants, and in the matter of per
suading gentlemen of the audience to
purchase llauids she holds the^ Bar
bary Coast record.
It was on the night of March 1 and
in the below-the-sidewalk temple of
public amusement at Jackson and
Kcarny streets that Mane Alberts was
assailed by Tiilie King and Lola Hal
lett. Attorney for the defendants did
not attempt to disprove the assault,
but directed his efforts to the end of
convincing the court that complainant
furnished sufficient provocation to jus
tify the beating she received. This
provocation was oral, he claimed, and
so often did he repeat an uncompli
mentary epithet alleged, to have been
addressed by Miss Alberts to one of
the defendants that the Judge protested
in the interest of decency.
Leontine Center, a matured soubrette
with a wealth of flaxen hair, was the
most interesting witness of the lot. She
was on the stage, regaling a small but
select audience with one of the latest
popular song hits when the "doing up"
of Gismonda occurred, and. although
the assailed lady was her friend, she
remained on the stage and heroically
continued her warbling, thus prevent
ing a possible panic among her hear
ers. When she finished her "turn" she
inspected the visible injuries of Miss
Albert, and found they consisted of
many deep scratches- on her face, a
pair of blackened eyes and a dimin
ished coiffure. So distressing was the
sight that it incapacitated Miss Center
for further professional effort that
evening, and she doffed her stage cos
tume, donned her street apparel and
went home.
Jling of the spectators and the forlorn
prisoners in the cage.
The distinguished visitors graced re
served chairs within the rail and their
beauty and talent enabled them to di
vide attention with the attorneys who
Sff strenuously battled for or against
the cause of Marie Alberts, whose stage
title is Gismonda. She sat fondling" a
pretty little girl, her daughter, and
the youngster played with a golden in
signia of wlfehood that graced the ma
ternal finger. But if Mr. Alberts was
among those present he practiced self
effacement.
There were unwonted, sounds and
smells in the court of Mogan while the
assault and battery case of Marie Al
berts vs. Tillie King and Lola Hallett
was on hearing. The parties are of the
vaudeville profession, and a bevy of
their sister artists were there to do
the witness act. Most of the ladies
were of hard-to-guess age, blonde of
complexion, buxom of figure and fash
ionably attired. Their perfumed pres
ence disturbed the tribunal's every day
odor of staleness and the froufrou of
their silken gowns mingled queerly
with the every day shuffling and snif-
Pay Visit to D. E. Collins'
Place at First and Mis
sion Streets With Wagon
Valuable Diamond Rings
Stolen From the Fingei'3
of Two of the Patrons
Blonde and Buxom Vaudeville Artists Congregate
Before Judge Mogan to Testify in the Case of
Two Sister Performers on Trial for Assault
BEVY OF COMEDIENNES
GRACES POLICE COURT
THIEF VISITS
HAMMAM BATHS
SALOON LOOTED
BY CRACKSMEN
LAWYER MAKES CHARGE
Judge Hebbard Decrees That
Carrie O'Brien 'Must Re
turn U) Asylum at Napa
WOMAN VAINLY
SEEKS RELEASE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 23, 190-4.
11
Only morbid matter is destroyed
by this marvelous germicide, which
allows Nature to build up healthy
tissue. Absolutely harmless.
Used and endorsed by leading
physicians everywhere.
Sold by leading druggists, or trial
bottle sent, preoaid/on receipt of
25 cents. .
The genuine bears my signature
on every bottle. Address ?
(ty e^fcas^^EJEff
FttKK- V»l«»l.> Daaklrt *« «k» toTrrat Mkum.
can be cleaned out, the suppura-
tion stopped, and a cure effected
by the use of
Open Sores
ADVERTISEMENTS.
S When a Woman's I
I Back" Aches- J
X^i r^ \\. \Ki e ac^ es anc * pains that assail a woman's back when the »S
jxo S^ £^z\v?, »^^L. J"** kidneys are sick take all the life — all the energy — all the ambi- 08
%% i SM //^-iir '' 1 • 'i'i \ \ tion out of her ' Backache makes her tired out and weary, with oP
£$ fflSSSSSaAUJiWnk ' i J nerves unstrung — she must attend to daily duties even though 0$
go j RWMBHBKOi '. 1 • '' racking kidney pains make every motion of the body a misery. <$<j>
So ttBH|wH^^^^J|' 1 v Then, too, when the kidneys are not relieved there is the an- b<g !
8g tH^^B9firaHg9 I 1 I / noyance and danger. of urinary disorders. Good health can 88 '
%% ' eHBaSi|ff^W||M V i only be obtained with well kidneys. Keep the kidneys well §gj
'<>.-£ ¦ with the greatest of modern specifics, Doan's Kidney Pills. £>o !
|| . •O0O««M««OtO«t»«9OO9«90t«t«§O«9«O« ' ||
1 I ty)Tl HYflTlfW'fl Proof 1 ATrial'.Free-i
|g O UUlll 1 1 tlllvlul'lj llUyli g T0 SAN FRANCISCO CALL READERS. §g
g| •••••••••^•^•••••^^•••••^•••••O«oS; ' ¦ ' •_¦ . gig
Qg "'-j~ ' • . ti ¦ ¦ i "~" ' ' 8 id
g§ Mrs. Margaret Leech, of 112 William street, says : "Icannot , J&lfcltifiSL IDOcLU S "^^> "g
{j<f£ begin to tell you the different kinds of medicine I have used nor $%{ WwMliGdnBy fil^i $>&
Ss the quantity I took during the years I have been subject to at- i£3\___Y_J Pills oS'
y« tacks of backache. Just as I had used many another preparation vV r T%Tm£v"£ > to£* \^^ »8
«§ m the past when I noticed an advertisement about Doan's Kid- Eronmwayiy
§§ ney Pills in one of our San Francisco papers I made up my mind * name — — » gS
gg to try the remedy. It acted just as represented, stopped the back- •"• ° — — ; — §g
§S ache and pain in-the side, and, what' is of much more importance state- — . — ; — . gtf
8ft • . .. , . ' i'ti ii j. : ji «•< For fre» trial bos. man thta coupon to V*»*
g» to me, during the last six months I have not had the slightest roet«-Miibum o*.. Boano, n^y. u»boTe ffo
Oft ' ° o rpaee h uuafOcient, write addreM on sepa- Q(%
g§ indication of a return." .. , jramup. J .gg
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED TO CHICACO
LEAVES DAILY
at !>:;{<> a. m.. throuffh in ;j day*.
with diner aad all trappings.
Other Santa re Trains:
n-'-m *• "• 1 tor Stockton. Fresno, Bakersfleld.
8:00 p. m!J Msreed, Hanford and Visalla.
4:00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:0O p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET OFFICES— 641 Market St. and
Fezry Depot. S. F. Also 1112 Broad-
way. Oakland. Cal. 27 South First St..
San Jose.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
EAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry. Foot of Market Street.
SAN FBANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 0:00, 11:00a. m.; 12:X5,
3:30. 5:10, 6:80 p. m. Thursdays^ — Extra trip
at ll:3o p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1 :30 and 11 :30 p. m.
i SUNDAYS? — 8:uo. 0:20. ll:0O a. m.; 1:30.
3:.i<), 5:00, 6:2O, 11:30 p. m.
1 SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FBANCISCO.
j ' WEEK DAYS— 6:05. 7:33, 7:50, 9:20, ll:lo
'a. m.; 12:50. 3:40, 5:uO, 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:35 p- m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 0:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40,
3:40, 4:55. 5:05, 6:25 p. in.
Ltave j In Effect j Arrive
J San Francisco. I Ser>t. 27. 1903. (San Ftanctsco.
Week I Sun- I Deatlna- I Sun- I "Week
Days, j days, j tlon. | days. I Days.
! 7:30 a! 8:00 a 0:10 a| 8:40 a
• I 9:30 a Ignac-lo. 10:40 a'10:20 a
3:30p 3:3op 0:05 p !«:2Op
5:10 p| S:OOp 7 :35 p|
7:30a 9:10 al S:4Oa
8:00a ' Xovato. 10:40 a|10:20 a
3:30p 0:30a Petaluma 6:05p|6:20p
5:10 p 3:30 p and 7:35 p!
5:00 p Santa Rosa. j
7:30a| 10:40 a 10:20 a
j 8:0Oa F*ulton. 7:35 p 6:20 p
3:30 p| 3:30 p
j Windsor.
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsburtr, 10:40 a 10:20 a
N Lytton,
1 3:30 p 3:30 p Geyserville, 7:35 p 6:20 p
Cloverdale,
< 7:30 a 8:00 a Hopland 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30p 3:30p and Ukiah. 7:35 p 6:2Op
! 7:30 aj 8:00 a| WHllte. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
. 7:30a| 8:0Oa! 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 p[ 3:30 p[ Guernevllle. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al S:0Oa| Sonoma, I 0:10 at S:40a
5:10 p] 5:00 p| Glen Kllep. | 6:05 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a! 8:00 a! 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p[ Sebastopol. f 7:33 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at. Green Brae for Saa
Quentin; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altrurla and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at G*y-
< aervlllc fox Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers. Booneville and Greenwood; at
Hopland for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs,
Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uktah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
I Dell Lake, Witter Springs. Upper Lake, Pomo,
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside. Llerly'a,
I Bucknells, Sanhedrln Heights, HuUville, Orr's
Hot Springs, Halfway House, Comptche, Camp
Stevens, Hopkins, Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg,
! Westrort, Usal ; at Wllllta for Fort Bragg.
Westport, Sberwood, Cahto. Covelo, Layton-
ville, Cummlncs, Bell's -Springs, Harris, Ol-
son's. Dyer. Oarberville, Pepperwood, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket •offices, 630 Market street. Chronicle
, building.
H. C. WHITING. • n. X. RYAN.
¦ . Gen. Manager. Gen. Pans. Act.
HTOSANRAFAEL,
ROSS VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc
Via SauaaJito Terry.
¦ Suburban Service, Standard Gauge Electric —
Depart from San Francisco Dally 7:00. 8:0O.
0:00 10:00, 11:00 a. m.. 12:20. 1:45. 3:15. 4:13,
i6:15." 6:15, 7:00. 8:45, 10:20. 11:43 p. m.
i FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
I —Dally. 8:25. 0:35. 7:40. 8:35, 9:35, 11:05 .a.
m.. 12:20. 1:45, 2:55. 3:45, 4:45. 5:45. 9;*i,
I S:45. 10:20 p. m.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
| CISCO— Daily. B:43. 8:55. 7:52. 8:58, 0:55.
11:20 a. m.. 12:35, 2:00. 3:15. 4:05, 5:03. «:03.
7l05, 0:00. 10:35 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
8:00 a. m. dally — Caxadero and way stations.
5:13 p. m. week days (Saturday exeepted) —
Tomales and way stations.
3:15 8. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way
station?.
Sundays only — 10 a. m.. Point Reyes and
way stations.
TICKET OFFICE— 82« Market «t.
FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market at.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Prescriptions 34,406 and- 7.
GUARANTEES CUKE FOB 3CEN. !
HABMLESS INJECTION. Cures ordinary
cases in a fe^r days. Warranted to cure
worst. cases. NO OTHEB TREATMENT
¦ BEQUIBED. Prevents and Cures Stric-
| tures. PBEVEKTS CONTAGION. Harm-
less. $2.00 for both bottles. For sale only
P. S. XELLT'8 PHABMACY. 102 Eddy.
PDTIClirC FOR BARBERS. BA-
tut ubii&b. Ks^av^jas;
brewer*, bookbinders, eandy makers, cannera.
dytra,. flour m!)l«, foundries, laundries, paper-
i hangers, printers, painters. ,ahoe factories.
1 stablemen, tar- roofers, tanner*., t a Mora, eta.
I BT7CXAXTA.it 3KOS..
Brush MaaaXactaiers, €09 8»cnua«ato St.
I I *UHBtT \ *m\ Train t lesTe mn& uf
I M bcmti t, SMAJHTA Ail
I . V *°_ Tt * / • 1 ** uo to * rrlT * •*
X^ r* 1 S <Mmra Line. Ferry Depot
*^r Foot at Market street >
CiT»« From F»"»o>kt 17- >^H. — t»«m"
~ 7X0a V»c»ttlle. Wluter*. Uuaufy 760^
7 .00 a Bcolcl«, Sultan. Elmlr* tnd Sacra-
in-nto 7-20p
740a Vklleja. Kap». CallitOK». Sa«:»
Koaa. Martinez. San lUmon 6 20r
7-30* X lie*.' Llvrnnore. Tracy. Latbrop.
Stockton 720p
8.C0* 8h«tta Expret*— (Via DaTtO.
'Vrilitara* (for Bartlett Spring*).
Willows. tPruto. Ited muff,
Portland. Ttcoma, 6#aUIe...... 7 50'
1.00* DaTl».Wood!aad. linlsbw Lunctiaj,
Maryntllc. Oroxllle 7-60'
140a Port Cotta. Martinez. Antiocb.
Byrcm. Tracy. Btocktou. New-
man. Los B«nn, Mtadoti,
Armona. Haafurd. Visalla.
Portervtn* 4.20»
8-SOa Port Coita. Martlnex, Tracy. Lath-
rop. Modeito, Merced. Fresau.
Goshea Janctton. Han tor J,
Vtisli*. Daker«fleld 4iO'
8.30a Nllff. Saa Jo*f, Llvennore. Stock-
ton, (tMIlt»n), lone. SncramRnto,
PlacervlMa. Marysvllle. Cbtco.
Red BlaS 4 2Dr
8.30a Oakdale. Chinese. Jamestown. 8o-
* norm, Tnolamne and Anirels 4 20*
800a AMantle Rxpreja— OBdett»ndE»«t. 1120*
9.30a RIch:nona, Martiaez and Way
Station* 65C'
1000a Tbb OTerUad Limited — Ogden.
Denrer. Omaha. Chicago. ' 6 20 •
10.00a Vallejo- 122O»
10.00a Iroa Anerle» Pasaenxer — Port
Costa. Martinez, Byroa. Trmcy.
Latbrop. Stockton. Merced,
Raymond. Fresno, Ooshen Junc-
tion, llanford, Leraoort. Vlsalta.
Betertfleld. Los Angele* 7 20*
12.00x Haywtrd. K lie s and Way Stations. 3-20p
ti.OOr Bacramento Ktver Steamers- til Oj^
3 30i" Bentcla, Wlntar*. Sacramento.
Woodland, Knlgbts Landing,
Marys vlUe. Oro villa and way
statfona 10-5a<v
330J- Hay want. S Hes and Way Stations.. 7.El>
ZSQr Port Costa. Martlaez. ISyron.
Tracy, l.atbrop. Modesto, .
Merced, Fresnu and Way Sta-
tions beyond Port Costa 12 20'
SSOr Martinez. Tracy. Stockton. Lodt... 10 2J»
A.QOr Martinez.San Uitmon.ValleJo.Napa,
Callstotca. Santa Itoss ... 920«
4. 00p Ntles, Tracy. Stockton. Lodt 4 20r
430r Hayward. Nlles. Irrtngton. San) f3.51»
Jose. Ltvermore ) tii.GOa
6C0r The Ow) Limited— N*nwrn»n. Los
Baaos. Mendota. Fresno. Taltre.
BakvrsSeld. Los Angeles.
Oolden State Limited .tUeeper.
Oakland to Los Angele*. for Chi-
cago. Tls C. R. I. * P 8 50*
6 .00r Port Costa. Tracy. Stockton 12 20.--
t530r 'Hayward. Nlles aad San J»*o ..... 7. 20*
6-OOr llayward. Nlles aud Sin Jose 9.&&4
6-OOr Eastern Express— Op^p. Denver.
Omtha, ft. Loals. ca!c»so and
East. Port Costa. Benlcla, Sul-
sun. Elmlra. Davis, Sacramento,
Roekltn. Auburn, Colfax,
Trnckee. Boca. Keio, Wads>
worta, Wlnnemacea 8-29f
B.OOp Vallejo, dally, except Sunday.... I 7 Kn »
700f Vallejo, 8unday only f laar
7 .OOr Richmond. San Pablo. Port Costs.
Martinet and Way Stations 11.29a
¦XSp Oregon is California Express— Sac*
ramento, Marysvllle. Redding.
Portland, Puset Sonnd and East. 8-58*
S.IOp Hayward, Nlles and San Jose (Son-
dayenly) 11-8t>.
COAST LINE I (.Narrow Uai S e).
(Foot of Market Street.)
1.15a Newark, Ceotervtlle. Saa Jos«,
Felton. Boulaer Creek. SantA
Cms and Way Stations 555*
t2.1Sr Newark, Centerrtlle. San Josa,
New Almaden.Los Oatoc.Feltoa,
Bonlder Crnek, Santa Cruz and
Principal Way 8UUo«s rlO 33*
4.1Br Rew»rk. San Jose. LcsOatos aad \ t3.55 a
waysutlons itiOBSa
•9407 Hnaters Train. Satnrday only. Saa
Jose and Way Buttons. Return-
ing from Los Gatos Snnday only. 17 25*
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
Krom BANV BAN CISCO, foot of Market St. (3Usn
-f7:lS *:00 11:00 a.m. 100 SCO 615 r.U.
rrom OAKLAND, foot of Broadwsy — t*:U) tS:M
p-.Oi io:W)a.m. 1Z0O 200 400 r.a.
COAST LI N E <BrMd «an»«).
y (Third and Townsend Streets.)
0.10a San Jose and Way Stations......... t-30r
7 DO* San Jose and Way Statfona ... SSir
• 00* New Alsaadca (Turf., Fr!d.. ¦•nly). 4.10c
s).Q0a The Coaster— Stops only Saa Jose,
Gllroy (connection for Ho1!i»
ter). Psjaro. Castrovllle (con*
¦ectlon to and from Monterey
aad PaelSe Grove), Salinas. Saa
Ardo, Paso Robles. Santa Mar-
' gsrUa. Saa Lnls Obtspo, principal
stations thence Sarf (connection
(or Lompoc), principal stations
thence SaataBarbara.San Buena-
. ventura, Seago*. Lo§ Angeles... 1f-4Sr
9.00a Ian Jose. Tres plnos, Capltola,
UantaCniz.PactScOrove.Sallnaa.
Saa Lnls Oblipo and Principal
Way Stations 4.1B»
1049a Baa Jos« aad Way Stations........ 1.20»
11 -30a Santa Cl*r». £aa Joae. Lot Oatos _ •
aad Way8taUons 7.39»
\Z0t San Jose and Way Station* 8 33*
I OOr Dal Monte Express— Santa Clara,
Ban Jose. Del Monte, Monterey.
Pacific Grove (connects at Santa
Clara for Santa Cruz. Boulder
Creek and Narrow Gauge Points)
at Gllroy for HoUlster. Tres
Ptnos. atCastrovtUe for Salinas. 12.13*
I-S0* TreaPlnoa Way Passenger... ...... 10.45*
4-30T Ban Josa and Wsy Stations tS-OO*
tSOOi* Ban Jose, (via Santa Clara) Los
Gatos, and Principal Way Sta-
tions (except Bnnday) t9 COa
S&-30' EaaJoae and Prlnc!pi»Jwiy Stations |9 43a
HQr Banset Limited.— Redwood. Saa ¦
Jose,01iroy.Sallnas,Paao Roblea,
Saa Lots Oblspo. Santa Barbara,
Loa Angeles. Detnlng. El Paso,
New Orleaaa. New Tork. Con-
4 , neets at Pajaro for Santa Cruz
and at Caatrovfl]* for Pacific
Grove aad Way Stations 7.10a
*9 Abr FanMatco.B«reiford,Deltnont.Saa
Carloi. Redwood. Fair Oaka.
MenloFark. Palo Alto tt-43A
0 SOt Ban Jose and Way Stations......... 0-38a
S-OOp Palo Alto and Way Station* 10.15*
ll.iQr South Saa FrancUco. MUlbraf. Bnr-
Uasame. 8sn Mateo, Belmont,
Baa Carlos. Redwood, Fair Oaks.
Menlo Park, aad Palo Alto 9.43»
«1143r Uayfield. MounUln View. Suaay-
vile, Lawrence, Banta Clara and
Ban Jose X9^U
A for Morning. f far Afternoo*. "
IBnnday exeepted. t 8»ndaj only-
• Batarday only.
1 Stop* at all stations eat Saaday.
OT" Only trains stopntng at Valencia S:. aovtbbavM
srt«:10 a.*,7:C0aj«, 11:30 A.H,3:aO»Jl, «:» rjL ajd
MM
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
I Leave VkSvualte fsny I Arrive
{ 9M>Frandaco ins sf Kartst >\ San Prancfacs>
", Week I SunT~ prry Son- IWeek
i •» 1.10 !'• 8:00a gjl^t^r^ 12:O3rl0:40l
i «1:45r 9:00a G9bhS^» 1:25p 3:5Ur
I 0UlAr 1O:OOa Xff^MfSv >:AOr K:.1Or
! 11:OOa «:&•? ttSOv
•9— KwUaHattisT ga«as«t¥mwCsM»
/tian l62fiMAjLJorrST^(NortbSboreRailraa4r
Unas } aad S*ctAirro FcutT. Foo» Markst 3c
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
EAILWAY TEA VEX.
DOAN'S KIDNEY PILLS.
Kj^J Sixty-six hours is all it takes \
Lsssrf from Los Angeles to Chicago; |
The train that makes it is the H
Bl/|l|i^§l In service daily, December 25 |]
i to April 19. Runs through to t\
I kV^P^ M^^^^N Topeka, Kansas City and |j
• *^ . library and observation 3
' Hi
cars. M
Tickets, berths and literature it this office and at aQ Southern y
' lSwfS^TfsifcriH^ Pacific ticket offices. <rj
lm^TOrr*iyi a A * RUTHERF °R D . H
fi^^lA 1 1 in 1 1 feO> District Passengrr Agrnt, t\
jlggjj^^^pSB^g^ 623 Market St., San Francisco, CaL yBAGS— Grain Bags. 5Hc spot and 5%e Jun?-
July; San Quentln. ?5 25; Wool Bags. 32®35c:
Fleece .Twine. 7 l iiftSc.
CANNED FRUITS — The California Fruit
Canners' Association quotes the followins price
list:
* »» k en m
2* 2 §
FRUITS. S g. S. •"
3 f j j
Apples H 55I»1 30[5t 20!$l 10
Apricots I 1 40| 1 30|
Blackberries 1C0 1401130 120
Cherries, R. A 2 15 190 170 140
Chtrrif:S. white 1 75 1 60 1 35
Cherries, black 2 00 175 160 135
Grapes -. 1 35 ' 1 2O 1 10 1 0O
Yellow Free Peaches... | 1 50 1 3O| ....
Lemon Cling Peaches... 2 00| I 40| 1 30
Pcaru • ••• 2 0O 175
Plums 1 35 1 15 1 05 93
Raspberries 2 50 2 25 2 10 190
Strawberries ••• 2 00 1 75|- 1 60 140
CANNED VEGETABLES — Tomatoes. SV^-Ib
standard. 85c: Green Peas — Petlts pol«.
$1 ;;.Vri I 50: standards. 85c: standard, sifted,
$1; extra sifted, $1 15: marrowfats. 82^c.
COAL^-Welllngton. $8 per ton; New Wel
lington, fS; Seattle.. $8 50: Bryant, $tf 50; Bea
ver. Hill. $«: Stanford. $7; Roslyn. $7; Coos
Bav. $5 50; Greta, 87: Wallsend, $7; Richmond,
$7 .V): Cumberland, )13 In bulk and $14 25 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $n-
Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 5O: C&nnvl. $S 50 per ton: Coke. $11 50©i:{
per ton in bulk and $15 In sacks; Rocky Moun
tain descriptions. $11 45 per 2C0O lbs and $12 SO
per long ton, according to brand.
PACIFIC CODKISH— Bundles, per lb. 4%c;
oues. regular. 5VJc; cases, extra large. 5^c:
Eastern style. 6Wc; boneless. 6V4c; "Norway."
6V4c; "Narrow Gauge." 6*ic; "Silver King,"
7%c: blocks, "Oriental." 6%c; blocks. "Sea
bright." 6%c: tablets. 7c; middles. "S8%c;
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY. March 22—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid.Ask.l Bid.A.<k.
4s qr coup.. 108 10S4>4a qr cp new. — i;tt\i
4s qr reg...lO7 JOTiJIoa qr coup... — IO714
MISCELLANEOUS DONDS.
Ala A W 5a. — — |O T Co Us. 113 —
Bay CPC 5».1O1 102^1 Do 5s Ill '— :
Cal C G 58." — 104 V Do con 5».. — 1<VM'
Cal G & E g I Oceanic S 5». — 75
m & ct 5a. 87*-i — |Om Cable «s.l2a>4
Cal-st C 5s.n6} 1 117}4|Pac G 1m 4s. — o«
C C Wat 5s. — lOOHlP E Ry 8*105?. —
EdL&PC*-125 131 I P & C II 63 104 1C3
F & C H 69.114% — P & O R •Sj.IKJ _
Geary-st 5s.. 45ti, 00 Powell-st «a.
H C&H 5<,s.lO4 — Sac EGARSs. TOU10O
Do 5a 0i> 10O!iiSF & SJV.Is.mvI —
Hon n T «s.lOti«; — • fPierra R 63.H"U —
L A Flee 5s. — 1C5 S P of A 6s
L A Ry 55.112*s — I <1900> 10s
L A L Co «s — — I (1DIO> _ 1C9U,
Do Kjfl Ks. — — S P of C 63
Do Ktd 5«.103S4 — (1905)S r A.104U —
LAP lcm 59.101U102 (19C5)Sr B.lOSi; —
! Nr^v York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. March 22.— FLOUR— Re.:
40.445; exports, 2375. Quiet and lower-
Minnesota bakers, $4 20«?4 50: winter
straights. $505 10. . . ~ ' ,¦ wlnter
WHEAT— Receipts. 16,575. Spot, st»adv
No. 2 red, $1 01 elevator. $1 02fil 05 f o b
afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth, $1 041/1 f o b'
afloat. Options were barely steady all day'
closing M.imc net higher. May closed 96 «c
July closed n2Vic, September closed 83Uc '
HIDES— Steady. . / ' 8 '
WOOL— Steady.
PETROLEUM— Steady.
•HOPS — Steady. Common to choice 100°
crop. 27@30c; 1902 crop, 26#2<?c; olds, OftUc"
Pacinc Coast. 1903 crop, 24§31c; 1902 crcn'
23€37c: olds. 34c v>
COFFEE— Spot Rio, steady: No, 7 inx-oice
6%c; ir.ild, dull. »"oice.
The Coffee, futures market closed unchanged
to 5 points lower. Sales. 132.250 bags. Includ
ing: May, 5.30@5.35c; July, 5.55c; September
5. MW? 5.85c; December. 6.10c. '
SUGAR — Raw, firm; refined, firm.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market la
fairly active and offerings light. Prices ruled
generally weak. Common are quiet at 4«S5 C 
crn»lc«- *i 6KS6%c, and fancy at 7@7}4c.
NEW YORK, March 22.— Cotton closed
steady, with prices only a few points up from
the lowest. Net decline, 30 to 79 points.
New York Cotton Market.
.9/. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS, March 22.— WOOL — Steady. Me
dium grades, combing and clothing 18@22c;
light, 15jil7',-ic; tub washed, 225? 31c.
London Wool Sales.
LONDON. March 22.— At' the wool auction
sales to-day 13,600 bales were offered. A num
ber of buyers were present. Some Victorians
were keenly competed for and a good supply
of scoured- sold briskly. Croesbreds in large
supply met with a strong ¦ demand, with the
coarpe grades . realizing the highest prices.
American purchased a fair supply of medium
crossbreds. Lambs were j freely taken by the
home and German buyers. .
k Northern Wheat Market.
TACOMA. March 22.— WHEAT— Bluestem,
81c; club, 75c." . . >' V
•' OREGON. ¦¦-.:-;¦
PORTLAND, March 22.— WHEAT— Waila
Walla, 75c; bluestem, 80c; valley, 81c.
WASHINGTON.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — March. May. July.
Opening .-. Nominal 6 G*4 6 0%
Closing Nominal 6 7 6 6?4
PARIS.
Wheat — March. Sept. -Dec.
Opening 22 00 21 00
Closing ..2185- 2155
Flour —
Openiiur 29 30 29 65
dosing 29 15 29 C5
Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON, March 22. — Owing to the scarcity
of. domestic wools, both fleece and territory,
medium . wools are In great demand and very
firm. -'Quotations: •
Territory— Idaho, fine, lSfilSHc; heavy, fine,
13013Vjc; fine, medium. 15@15^c; medium,
l(5©17c; low medium, 17©18c. Wyoming, fine,
IMJUic; heavy, line.- l:t@I4c;' fine, medium.
15@15'-jc; medium, lS4?19c; low medium, 18JJ
19p. Utah and Nevada, heavy, fine. 13@14c:
fine, medium. 15>iW1«c:. medium, 18iS19c; low
medium, 10fJ20o. Montana, fine, choice. IR'ffitnc;
fine, medium choice. 181?19c: average. 18@19c;
staple, 10@20c; medium, choice. 18@19c.
Local Securities Inactive, but
Generally Firm.
Although business on the Stock and Boni
Exchange was light. th« feeling was generally
firm. There were fractional appreciations !rj
Gas and Electric and Hawaiian Commercii!.
and Alaska Packers advanced to $140 75. Thn
oil »nd mining stocks were quiet and uninter
esting.
The Laguna Land Company has levied an
assessment of 50 cents per share, delinquent
April 25.
Tho Calumet and Hecla Mining Company of
Michigan paid a quarterly dividend of $10 M
share, amounting to $1.0CO.0CO. yerterday. This
dividend brings the total disbursements to
stockholders up to $S4.33O.0fl0.
Tho Northern California Power Company his
declared its first monthly dividend at the nt*
cf 5 cents per share, payable March 25. A'.
the annual meeting of the stockholders the ofi
directors were re-elected, with II. H. N'obln
as president. James Coffin vice president, E.l
wanl Whaley secretary and E. V. D. John
son manager.
At the annual meeting of the shareholders
of the Union Sugar Company the following di
rector* and officers were re-elected: John L.
Howard, president; Charles Sutro. vice presi
dent; James Coffin, secretary; E. R. Lilienthal.
Joseph L. Schmitt, Joseph Hyman and James
K. Moffltt.
The crop for the last year amounted to 782»
tons, and net earnings w»re. over $15O.0C0. or
more than 2»> per cent on the stock. It Is es
timated that the 10C4 crop will amount to at
least 9OCO tens, and that dividends will com
mence early In 1005.
. Pittsburg Oil has declared dividend Xo. 0
of 7c. •'•''.
STOCK-MARKET.
CHICAGO, March 22. — Cash quotations wera
as follows: Flour, quiet and easy; No. 2
spring wheat. 8S@D7c: No. 3, 85@9Cc; No. 2
red, 91 Vh<~q 05% c; No. 2 corn, 51c: No. 2 yel
low, 52c; No. '_* oats. 3S@38?4c; No. 2 white,
45c; No. 3 white, 39@42MiC; No. 2 rye, tiOc;
good feeding barley, 37fij39c; fair to choice
malting-, 15(g55c; No. 1 flaxseed, $1 07^; No. 1
Northwestern, $1 13; prime timothy seed, $2 80;
mess pork, per bbl, $13®13 12li; lard, per 100
lbs. $0 SO(S<» S2 1^; short ribs sides (loose),
$(J *62',i'5U 75: short clear sides, (boxed), $7 25Q)
7 37>i: "whisky, basis of high wines, ?1 28.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.-
Flour bbls 50.400 43,'tOO
Wht-a't bu 45,000 3o,:;i«t
Corn, bu 284, 100 165,300
Oats, bu '..... 384.200 229.800
Rye. bu 29,100 12,700
Barley, bu 116.100 28.4W
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
CHICAGO, March 22.— On the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was steady;
creameries, li@2S^4c; dairies. 12>i<?21c. Ecjs.
steady; nt mark, cases included, lSVi^l^'ao.
Cheese, easy; 10'/4@llC,
Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. March 22.— CATTLE— Receipts,
2000; steady; good to prime steers. $5 25®
5 60; i>oor to medium, $3 5(rjx5; stockers and
feeders, ?2 50^4 25; cows. $1 60ii?4: helfecs.
?2 25@4 50; canners, SI 60@2 50; bulls. $2@4;
calves. $35ff6; Texas fed steers. $4(S4 75.
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 12,000: to-morrow,
30\000: steady to 5c higher; mixed and butch
ers, ?5 15(35 .'!5; sood to choice heavy, $5 25@
5 45; rouuh heavy, $5 15(ffu 25; light. $4 S0@
5 25; bulk of sales, $5 10@5 30.
SHEEP — Receipts, 15,000; sheep, steady:
lambs, steady; good to choice wethers, $4 25®
5 25; fair to choice mixed, $3 50@4 5O: West
ern sheep, 54<iJ5 40; native lambs, $4 50@5 50;
Western lambs, $4 15{?4 85.
Miscellaneous Markets.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR TUESDAY. MARCH 2Z
Flour qr sks .. 5.2W Straw, tons .... M
Wheat ctls .... l.SOriTVool. r-a!*s ... 37
Barlev' ctla 5.7.30 1 Alfalfa seed, sks >.•
Oat^'i-tls 274' Tallow, ctls ... 211
corn. ti. ... awfsmcar. otts .... *>a>
Beans sks .... MllHidea" No. .... 77<>
Potatoes., sks .. l.«0-»: Pelts No . . . . S...
Onions, sks ... R} | Leather rolls .. *fl
Fran. skj. 1.1^ Mw. bbls nt
Hay tons 12»iW!ne. gals .... SI, SCO
" • OREGON.
Flour, qr sits .. 7201
EASTERN.
Corn. ct!« 8041 J.
Provisions.
There is nothinjr whatever new In this mar
ket. The demand Is nothing- extra, supplies
are ample, and both buyers and sellers seem
indifferent. .
CI'RKD MEATS — Bacon. 10Hc per lb for
heavy He fcr light medium. 13c for. light,
13»«c"ror twtra light and 15c for sugar-cured;
Eastern, sugar-cured Hams. 13'ic; California
Hams 12lic: Mess Beef. S10 SO-gll per bbl;
extra Mfss, $11 60612' Family. $12 50<gi:!;
prime Mess Pork. $15: extra clear. $2 IS 25;
Miss, $18: Dry Salted Pork. lO's^llc: Pig
Pork. $27; Pigs' Feet. $5; Smoked Beef. 14c
per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6*4c per lb for
compound and 9^4c for pure; half-barrels, pure.
lUie; lt!-lb tins, 10c; 5-lb tins. 10«. 8 c; C-Ib
tins. lOiic.
COTTOf.EN'E— One half barrel, 9%c: three
ha!f birrels. 9',ic: one tierce, OVjc; two tierces,
0c; five tierces. S 7 sC per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
As the new Sprins Wool has made its ap
pearance and the old clip Is practically cleaned
up <iuntatior.s for the x latter are dropped. The
new Pouth< rns are coming In dirty owing to the
long dry spell In midwinter, and are shrink
ing from a oer cent to 5 per c*nt more than
usual. The market is In good shape in sym
pathy wit'i firm Eastern markets. |
Hides continue firmly held but slow at un
changed quotations.
There is no further change in Hops, the
market being easy at th? recent decline, with
not much movement.
HIDES AN'Il SKINS — Culls and brands sell
shout KGlC under Quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers 'ftVic: medium. S^c; light, "^ic; Cow.
Hides. Be for heavy and 7*ic for light; Stags.
»>c- Salted Kip. l>c; Salted Veal. 10c: Salted
Ca'lf lie dry Hides. 15®lfic: dry Kip. 13c: dry
Calf, lSe; Sheepskins, shearlings, 25<330c each:
sh..r't Wool 4O/flfi5e each: medium. 70i30Oc: long
Wool, *l**i 50; Horse Hide* salt. $2 75 for
large and $2"</2 50 for medium. $1 23<5H 75 for
smnll and 50c for Colts. Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large and 51 .V) for medium. $lt?l 2.>
for small and 50o for Colts. Buck Skins — Dry
Mexican 31c: dry Salted Mexican, 25c: dry
Central American. 31c. Goat Skins— Prime An-
Eoras. 75c-, large and smooth, 50c; medium,
"'tAlLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4!i9lVJe per lb;
No. 2. :m«?4c: grease. 2»i®3c -----
WOOL— Spring clip — San Joaquin and South
ern. 12 months', 9'Sllc; do 7 months*. 8/glOc
2-lf?27i' per lb for California. 1003.
and 17!;C for crop of 1901.
General Merchandise.
NEW YORK, March 22.— Close: Money on
call wm steady, lVi@l\ per cent; closing
bid. l" a : offered at l^i per cent.
Time loans were dull and easy. Sixty days,
2«i^3 per cent: ninety days, 3@SH per cent;
six months. 3?i«?4 per cent.
Prime mercantile paper, 4VjS5 per cent. "
Sterllnz exchange was sttady, with actual
business in bankers' bills at $4.87O5@4.8710 for
demand and at *4.S43O§ 4.8435 for sixty day
bills.
Posted rates, $4 85@4 88.
Commercial bills. $4 M.
Bar silver. 56*»c.
Mexican dollars, 44>>ic.
Bonds — Governments, firm; railroads, strong.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. March 22. — A price movement
of first-class importance, with a mystery at
tached, stimulate/^ the languid speculaative ap
petite of the stock market to-day. Union Pa
cific was the lead»r of the movement, but the ,
mystery centered . about the Northern Securi
ties Company and the probable process of its
dissolution. All the securities related to that
company and Us Interests made free price
movements. But as Union Pacific is the only
one of them In liberal supply in the market, the
bu!k of Of. activity was in that stock, and
it wag fMiiously active, on dealings in 1000
to &0u0 bliire lots. The source of this buy
ing, as well as its motive, was kept obscure.
Bankers associated with the finances of the
company emphatically disclaimed any part In
the buying or any knowledge of Its cause,
and were. In fact, sellers with tome ostenta
tion of the stock at Its highest price. Great
Northern preferred and Northern Securities
«»re in demand on the rising price scale.
Other etocks concerned in the Northern Securi
ties have disappeared, but the Oregon Short
Hue 4's. which are secured by the Union Pa
cific's Northern Securities as collateral, and
the Burlington Joint 4's. which were exchanged
for Burlington stock, were active and
higher. The prlncipaL question in the public
discussion of this problem has been whether
Northern Pacinc and Great Northern stock
should be redistributed to the holders from
whi.m the Northern Securities received it or
to present holders of Northern Securities in
proportion to th» \-aluc 'at which that stock
has been exchanged for the merger stocks.
The buoyancy of Union Pacific was presumptive
evidence of tho safeguarding of the advantage
secured »o that company bv Its controlling
interest In Northern Pacinc before the merger.
The market closed without nny announcement
to clear away the day's mystery. Money was
*8?y. Until the enormous buying of Union
Pacific the market was. Inclined to extend
without additional news, unless it might be
the disturbing Influence of the Sully complica
tions. The rise In foreign exchange was
cheeked and the gold export movement thereby
apparently deferred. The arrival of $2,500,C00
additional Japanese money at' San Francisco
wag also reported.
The closing was strong and active.
The bond market was strong, led by bonds
related to the Northern Securities merger.
Total sales. S3.U0.0C0.
United States new 4's, registered, advanced
% per cent on call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks — - ¦ Sales. . High. Low. Close.
Atchison 5,800 70^. <W 70%
Atchison pfd 1.000 {*)»£ £9"* «MH 4
Baltimore & Ohio.. 24,200 80 78'.i 79*;
Bait & Ohio pfd 8!>
Canadian Pacific... 3.100 115 113U 114?s
: Cen of New Jersey 150
Chesapeake & Ohio. JHV> 31% 31 14 .-{l^i
Chicago & Alton... 900 5H% C7% :»<%
Chi & Alton pfd 80
Chi Great Western. 1,100 15% 14?4 15**
Chicago & NW.... 700 ~ 168 H 167 le8'£
Chi. Mil & St Paul. 47,<5O0 14«% 144% 14ii»A
C, M & St P pfd.. 100 178»2 178V4 178
<"hl Term & Trans. *. . .' 914
ChJ T & T pfd 1,500 20 mi£ 2OU
C. C. C & St Louis v 75
Colorado Southern. 1,200 17% 17 > 17%
Colo South 1st pfd. 100 54»£ &l J ,s M*4
Colo South 2d pfd. 200 25 24^ 24 Vi
Delaware & Hudson 300 151 150% 150 '
Del, Lack & West 2H2
Denver & Rio G... 20U
Den it. Rio G pfd.. 6R>4
Erie 23.200 25Ts 24 25%
Erie lrt pfd..; 4.B0O 64 63% 63'4
Erie. 2d pfd SflO 42 4114 42
Hocking Valley.... 200 747i 74% 74
Hocking Val pfd.. 300 81 % 81 81 K
Illinois Central.... 1,100 '129 .12814 129
Iowa Central...... 100 19l£ 19^4 19
Iowa Central pfd.. .... 35
K C Southern .... 1914
K C Southern pfd .... ...." 35 14
Louis & Nash 3,100 105% 104«i 105*i
Manhattan L 4OO 143$ 143 14-,?
Metropolitan Sees.. ¦ 2C0 7» 79 77
Metropolitan St Ry. 5,500 U2»i 111U : 11-Mi
Minn & St Louis . .-. . .... 57'*
M. StP&SSM.. 600 63% 63 . 63«;
M.StP & SS M pfd. 120 78
Missouri Pacific... -45,600 92^4 90U 92
Mo. Kan & T« xas. 700 IR14 17«- 18
M. K &. T pffl • 1,100 tt»% S3 87%
N'ezv York Money Market.
Hax and Feedstuff s.
The Incessant rains, by checking the local
movement, cause more or less accumulation In
the railroad yards, besides promising a large
crop for the coming year. Thus they are hav
ing more effect than anticipated on quotations,
which are slowly giving way. The market is
easy - at the further reduction noted b°low.
though there is no pressure to sell among deal
ers. Alfalfa Is relatively the steadiest kind
on the market.
-$1S 5UiS.'O per ton
Uran. Middlings and Shorts are lower, also
owing to the rains, which are rapidly producing
new feed.
BRAN— $18 50<a20 per ton.
MIDDLINGS —^K^l'.S per ton.
SHORTS-
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $2!tt25 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $'-"J 50<@31:
jobbing $;!2; Coocanut Cake. $22J?23; Corn
Meal $20 f>0*fi30 50: Cracked Corn, $3C«3l;
Mixed Feed.. $22023; Horse Beans. $^0©
40 per ton; Broom Corn Feed. !X)c per ctl.
HAY — Wheat. $l,"iff»17: Wheat and Oat.
J14 50«l(» iiO; Oat, $14?/ 10; Barley. Sl.TglS:
Stock,j;$12 0C@13 50; Alfalfa, $12 50igi4 per
ton.
STRAW— 50(R70c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Local stocks of Beans are reported liffht and
the raarlret is steadily held, though the demand
is slow. Lima.-- are showing more easiness
owing to the rains.
The market for Dried Peas shows more of
an assortment, aa will be seen.
There is not much new in Seeds. They are
dull.
REANS- BayoF. $2 35<fi2 50- Pea, *"5«3 25;
Butters. $J! Wd'.l 75; small White. $:tfi:t 15;
large White, ?;: C5(S2 75: Pink, I-T 20®:: 35;
Red. $1 50; 'Lima. £12063 30: Red Kidneys,
$t 50(95: Blackeye, $2^2 15 per ctl; Horse
Beans. $2#2 50.
SEEDS— Brown. Mustard, $3 75tM; Yellow
Mustard. $3@.'J 25: Flax. $1 80®l IK); Canary,
6%f}5%<! for Eastern; Alfalfa. 11^1^; Rape.
1U?i2c: Timothy, fi'gfi'ic; Hemp. S*«©3»4c per
lb: Millet, S'S.'iVjC; Broom Corn Seed, $20^21
P "l)RIED PEAS— Blackeye, ?2 00^3 per ctl;
Niles, $3; Green. $2 00(ff3.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Arrivals of Potatoes were light, but the
market was heavily supplied with old stock,
which ha3 been accumulating for some days.
Trade was quiet and an easy feeling prevailed.
The top o.uotations for Oregon Burbanks was
obtained only for a few small lot?* of the best
stock. $1 25 belnc about the top for the gen
eral market. Sweets were nominal, no fresh
stock being received. The quotations will soon
be withdrawn, us there rare only two cars left
in the country. Oregon Onions were easy and
the top rate was asked only for good dry
stock. Repickcd lots were offering freely at
the Inside rate and founa but few buyers.
ifeccipts of AsparaKus were 704\boxes, a
much smaller quantity than was expected, but
as carricd-over stock was abundant prices were
no higher. No. 1 and extra stock were well
cared for under a steady demand for local
ure and shipping, and a liberal quantity' of
No. 2 was purchased at the Inside quotation.
Tlr? market was well cleaned up at the close.
Rhubarb was In free supply and sold at a wide
ranpe as to grade. As usual on Tuesday ar
rivals of southern vegetables were light and
prices showed but little change.
Poultry and Game.
POTATOES — Burbanks from the river. Mcfl
$1 15 >>er ctl: Oregon Rut banks. $1 l.'Vffl SO
per ctl: River Reds. SIJH 10 per ctl: small
Or?Ron Burbanks for seed, 90c<f??l per ctl;
Garnet Chiles. $1<SI 10 per ctl: Early Hose.
$1 4Cftl 60 per cti; Sweet Potatoes, nominal;
new P.»tatoes, liV^c per lb.
ONIONS— Yellow, $2 2."ig2 50 per ctl for.fte
esro.n and $-"t :>fv^'.\ 75 for Australian; Green
Onions. 40.?50c per box. .
VEGETABLES — Asparagus, fiffTo per lb
for extra. 4<fi5c for No. 1 and 85eft$l 50 per box
for No. 2: Rhubarb. ?l!»l 75 per box: Green
Pe^s, 4<55c per lb for Ix>s Anseles and 5W"c for
bay: Strins Beans. 12'4iei"»'.c i>cr lb: Toma
toes $1«?1 50 per box or crate for Lns Angeles
and $1 25Q1 75 for Mexican; Summer Squash
from Los Angeles, per box; Cabbage, $1 10
ppr ctl: ; Carrot*. 50c p?r pack: Hothouse Cu
cumbere. Slff/1 23 per dozen: Garlic. 12Vic per
lb; Ess Plant, 20c per lb: Dried Peppers. 5S«!c
I>cr lb for Stockton' and in«>2ric for southern;
Dried Okra. 10@12»4c nor lb: Green Peppers.
ir«f?23e per !b for Chile and 20(325c for Bell:
Mushrooms. 12%(&2Oc per lb; Marrowfat
Sq-jash, WW\C per lb; Hubbard. %c per lb.
The Poultry market was in excellent shape
for sellers and a car of Western stock that was
marketed early In the day cleaned up quickly
at good prices. Receipts of domestic wera
light and firmer prices ruled for. Roosters and
Fryers. Hens and large Broilers ruled firm
at previous quotations.* Two cars of Western
are expected to-day. Game was in light re
ceipt and all descriptions met with prompt
sale at unchanged rates..
POULTRY— Live^ Turkeys. lfiWlSc per lb:
Geese 1 , per pair. S2S2 25: Goslings. 92S12 2T>:
Diieks. $5 50«« 5O per dozen for old and $6 Jflfii
7 50 for young: Hens, tf? 5O*i" 50 for large and
$5 50(30 for small: young .Roosters. $7i5S;
old li-'-osterf*. $5 S0ff5.fi: TrytTf SG(f?6 50; > Broil
ers, $5*?5 50 for large ami Jt'Tt 50 for small;
PlK»or.^ ?1 25fd; 50 per dozeu for old and ?2 25
@2 .10 for Squabs. *
GAME— Gray Geese, $-1 ner 'dozen: White
Geese, ¦$1^71-25;Brant. $1 50 for smalland $2
The following retail prices for meats are
cuot^d by th« Retail Butchers' Protective Aa
•ocietlcn:
liEEF— Prime Roast. 15^180; Porterhouse
fuak. :stf22%c; Tenderloin Steak. 15(gl8c;
firloin Btrak. 12%4jl5c; Top Round Steak.
32 l ..c: Beef Stew. 10c; Corned Beef, 8@10c;
fccup Bon**. 4c; Soup Meat, 5310c
\ fcAL— Loin Roast, 15<S20c; Shoulder Roast,
I2liGlSe; Chops and Cutlets. 15Q^0c; Stew,
12 V. fc 15c.
MUTTON— Leg. 15c; Forequarter. 12%c;
Stew, mjjjoc; Prime Chops. 15@2oc.
LAMli— Leg. JOc; Forequarter, 12%@15c;
H!rid'iLiarter. is©20c; Shoulder Roast. 12%c;
Chop*. 2<ic.
1-oKK.— Roa«st. 32%giSc: Chops. 15318c.
Th^-fe prices do not cover the cheaper grades,
it It js inspoayible to quute regular prices on
tbetn.
The Weather and Crops.
The weekly report of A. G. McAdle, section
director of the climate and crop service of the
Weather Bureau. Is as follows:
GENERAL SUMMARY.
The t^n^jerature was nearly normal during
the week, with lower temperature at the close.
The weather was generally cloudy or partly
cloudy and rain Ml Dearly every day in tha
central and northern sections, with frequent
thoners ia otiier section*. Kiverg and creek*
in lortlons of Northern California again over
flowed tfctir banks and considerable damage re
fulttd. Heavy snow fell in the mountain dis
tricts.
The broken levees in the Sacramento and
Pen Joaquin district* are being closed, and In
SL>me jjlan-s there ie a. possibility that fair
crops may be raised this season. In the over
sowed fct-ctlons and in the districts where *x-
CMEtWB: rains have submerged the lands grain
is not dates well, and it Is feared 1 that the
vi»ld will iall below early estimates. Sun-
Fhine and warm weather will do much to im
rrove conditions. In all other sections grain
is rrocrttd in excellent condition and making
E'.oa growth, with indications of a large crop.
Ttu lrin!c!l In the southern districts Is still
belo* average,- but its distribution recently
has been must favorable, and the crop pros
pect its considered better than at any time
auring the- season. The Incessant rains in
Ncrth«rn Cali:ornia have caused a suspension
of t?.rni:ng oix-rations. and tiie cultivation of
crrhardt and h<y> fields ie being seriously re
tarded. Grass is making rapid growth in all
et-ctSons and er^en f«-d Is abundant.
C'TxhP.rus and vineyards are in good condi
tion except in the flooded districts. Many va
rieties of deciduous fruits are In bloom and
pivt indications cf" a large yield. Pruning is
practically completed.
BACHJUtENTO VALLEY— The temperature
»as nearly normal during the week and the
weather doady ar.d rainy most of the time.
Th« !i«**vy rains again flooded some of the low
lands, but llie damage was not great. The
breaks in the leveey are belna rauidly closed,
an<i in some of the overflowed districts it Js
bellev'C! partial crops may be raised. All farm
v;ork has bet-n suspended and th» cultivation
of hou fields and errhards is being seriously
retarded. Grain has made good growth, but
in tome sections it 1» feared the crop will be
coxifjceraljiy curtailed on account of the in
ce*F.ar.t rainfall. Orass Is growing rapidly
«tr,e fc-i-d :s abundant. I>eclduous fruits are
in bloo*n and the outlook for crops in goods.
COAST AND BAY SECTIONS— Wa^m,
cloudy weather prevailed most of the treOc,
¦with "rain nearly every day. In the central
ani northern dinrir-ts the precipitation was
heavy and considerable farming land was over
flowed. Grain is not in as good condition as
at the c!-^se of last week owing- to the con
tinuouc heavy rain?, and sunshine is ne*>d<d
lor all crops. The rainfall in the southern
districts was lightrr, but it was sufficient for
present purposes. Grain and grass are now in
•xrellfr.t condition in the south, and pros
pfcti- ar*? better than at any time during the
p<ason Orchards are In excellent condition
«xerpt in a few places that wer* overflowed.
and the outlook 1b good for a large crop of
deciduous fruit*. Apricots, reaches, pears and
plums m<? in hlootii.
SAN JOAQl'IN VALLEY— Warm, cloudy
•wrathcr with frequent thowrrs prevailed during
the w»»k and w?.i very beneficial to all crow
ing crops. Wfc*at and barley are making rai>ld
BfOWtil, Tilth prospects for a large crop. De
oici!"us fruit trer« are in blo^m in all <iis
trir^y. The hich wind of the Wh slightly <1am
ac-j *.he blossoms in some districts. Many
\o-j-- vui«-y*r<Js are being planted, and old
KtaKU are making good growth and are in rx
cell'iM rendition, Gre*n feed is plentiful and
[ifk -ire healthy and improving rapidly. Con
r'.cVrarlo snow is resTte-1 in the mountains.
The fWd renditions remain -practically un-
CSuLRXed: the water remain* hiph In the ex
treme northern Fan JcAquin Rivrr. but no
<5ar*:»s" has b^/>n r»pnrT«<l since the last report.
COtrrUKRN CALIFOP.NIA— The Tempera
ture *;!> flight ly below normal and the weather
partly • \™Ay during the week,*" with frequent
Ugfat t-hf./rrs sad fairly h»a\y rain in some
p>-ec Saturday anrt Saturday evening. Th»
rairrfs!! La etill T.nsiderabl>- helow normal, but
empf *re generally In very fair condition. If
t*»«- spring rains occur It is probable
tl:st K-o<! «-rr>ps of crain and hay will be raised
In Tnr.y ».U»-es. Grain is making good growth
pnd pifvrezr- Is bec-oming plentiful. Cattle
«r Etes&ljr improving. The pruning of
rr'-har/f an4 vineyards is completed in most
f*.-Mor«. Deciduous fruits an? looking well
¦r.1 nw varieties are in bloom.
KI'PCKA SUMMARY — Crops are backward,
r-u» irikins z-o-vi erovth. Sprlnr plowing and
v~*A'nf irr«»»tly delayed by th» continuous rains.
Fruit *rt»J «!» rea<3y 10 Mocm.
I.np AXGELHS Sl'MMARY — Crops show
much improvement eince rains, but most sec
t\cr.f rrili rped coofl shower* from now on to
rr.-it;ir^ hay. Some grains and hoetii doing
nlcc'r: bat nred more rain to- make crop.
Weather Report.
oroth Meridian— Paciflr Time.)
PAN FRANCISCO. March 22—5 p. m.
Thr lolloTinir are the seasonal rainfalls to
<!ate. as- e-ompaieil tilth those of same date last
Karon »nd rainfall in last twenty-four hours:
- Last This Last
Ktatlons- SI boura. wason. season.
Eurek* 47.23
r«j niurr tt. 25. ad 21.52
finQrsnrao O.fVj 13.JCT 13.. - {R
Fin Fran.Isoo ft.TO 17.20 15.05
Fresno O.2* 5. IS «.7«
Tndf;ifnd«»n«-e .... 0.00 1.7R 1.R2
far! Luis Obis;*) 0.24 11.25 14. 53
I>* Ar«elf« fl.12 5.44 10.22
Kan r»i;gn O.(K» 2.92 9.78
'¦ TIIE COAST RECORD. ~~~
Baker 29.5^ 40 34 SE Cloudr Tr
Cars^m 2fl.«* 44 24 SW Cloudy Tr'
<loverasle ...29.72 52 4« S Rain lj
Eureka '42
Flagstaff ....29.02 4*5 14 SW Cloudy "66
frerno 23.82 54 40 fi IUin .28
Jnecrenflenrp .29.76 51 3i SE CJoudv 00
tuof AnrDes..25.9S " 3S «0 E Kain " .12
Mt Tama!paiB.29.73 41 83 SE Rain .21
North Head.. .29.62 40 36 E- Cloudy .22
Pho-nlx 2».96 70 42 N\V Cloudy .00
Pocatello 29.70 42 20 SE Cloudy .02
Portland 2».62 42 36 S Cloudy .10
Point Reyes.. 2».«7 5o 41 SW .Rain .14
Red Bluff 29.70 4S 42 SE Cloudy Tr.
Hostburg 29.6<l 38 36 SE Rain .96
Facram?nto ..29.76 52 42 SE Rain .06
Salt 1-ake '-•».«* 50 30 SE Pt.Cldy .00
San Diego 29.98 60 44 S Cloudy .00
San Francis«.o.29.76 50 44 SE Rain .09
San L. Obirpo.29.84 52 36 SE Rain .24
Seattle 29164 •* 46 32 SE Rain .07
Spokane 29.64 40 82 SE Cloudy .00
Tatcosh 29. CO 40 . . E Cloudy Tr.
Walla Walla. 23.64 44 36 NE Cloudy .08
Winnemuoca .29.06 42 .. W Cloudy .00
Yuma 23.92 72 42 S Pt.Cldy .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
A Btcrm of considerable energy overlie* the
Pacific slope and rain has fallen from Los An
geles tiorthward. Southeast storm warnings
are displayed from Port Harford to Eureka,
and advisory messages have been sent to
southern points.
The temperature has fallen about 10 degree!
in the San Joaquin Valley.
The nvere are dangerously high, ana, al-
Ithough there has been a slight fall, conditions
Indicate a rapid rise Wednesday in all the
rivers of Northern California. Warnings have
seen sent to places on the Sacramento, Feather,
Yuba and American rivers. The following are
the river readings: Red Bluff, 15.3, falling;
Tehama. 11.7. falling; Colusa, 25.8. falling;
Sacramento 26.1, falling; San Joaquin Bridge,
lfl 4, rising.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. March 23:
Northern California— Rain Wednesday; brisk
to high southeast winds.
Southern California— Rain Wednesday; fresh
southerly winds.
Nevada — Rain or snow Wednesday; colder;
brisk to high southwest winds.
San Francisco and vicinity — Rain Wednes
day; bri*4c to high southerly winds.
A. O. McADIE, District Forecaster.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Retail Meat Prices.
Future Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO, March 22.— Marked increased in
terest to buy wheat was manifested at the
opening. July opened %®Vic lower to M&%c
higher at 86c to 8G%c.' May was unchanged
to %c lower at 91%©92c. From; the start the
volume of • commission house buying was
larger than for some time past. Shorts were
active buyers. Possibly the most important
Influence- responsible for the increased Interest
was the issuance of the Kentucky crop report,
showing nearly 50 per cent decrease In the
condition of the growing wheat piant aa com
pared with, the condition a year ago. Presum
ably on the basis of the report .a rumor was
started that the next Government report would
be." sensationally bullish. The fact that the
Southwestern markets.- had small receipts to
day while making big shipments also helped to
create a better demand. Later in' the ¦ session
the weakness in corn and oats brought out a
number of realizing sales In wheat and caused
a loss of about a'cent from the hight point in
July. July closed eteady at St»%@sti',4c. May
closed Vic up at 82>4c.
During the first hour corn ruled quiet and
firm, influenced ' by the steady tone of cables
and by unfavorable weather and the close w^s
near the low point. May closed at 52VJC, July
at 49%c.
Oats .showed ¦ weakness. The close was at
the bottom, with May down %c at 49 Vic and
July at 37%c.
Provisions j were strong early, but on the
break in' corn there was free selling by pit
traders and peckers which resulted in a gen
eral loss. ' The close was steady, with May
perk down 5c, lard 5c higher and ribs 2%c up.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— - Ouen. High. Low. Close.
Wheat.. No. 2 —
May 82 ' 92% 91% 92Vi
July, old. 87% 88V» 87Vi «T%
July, new ..... .86% 87% 86 bOv 4
September, old.. 81% 82% 81% 82
Corn. No. 2 — -- ¦ .
May 62%" 63% 51% 52's
July -....-... : 50% 60% 49V4 4!)%
September .49% 49% 4S% 48%
Oats, No. 2—
May 40ii 40Vi 39% 39!i
July 3S% 3S% 37% 37%
September ..... 33 Vi 33% 32 32
Mesa pork, per bbl —
May 13 15 13 30 13 05 13 05
July -1 13 40 13 50 13 25 13.27%
Lard, per 100 lbs—
May 7 00 7 05 6 95 6 97%
July 7 15 7 20 7 12% 7 12%
Short ribs, uer 100 lbs —
May 6 8.". 6 87% 6 80 6 80
July 6 97% 7 05 6 05 « 95
Cash Grain and Provisions.
Available Grain Supply.
Chicago Board of Trade.
NEW YORK, March 22. — Special telegraphic
communications received by Bradstreet's show
the following changes in available supplies,
compared with la?t week:
Wheat — United States and Canada east of the
Rockies, decreased 2,678.897 bushels; afloat for
and in Europe, 1,700,000 bushels; total supply,
decreased 538,000 bushels.
¦Corn — United States and Canada east of the
Rockies, increased 192,000 bushele.
Oats— United States and Canada east of the
Rockies, decreased 225,000 bushels. !
The British steamer Coptic, which arrived
on the 2l3t, brought 5.05O, OOO Japanese gold
yen to local banks, making 20,50J,000 Irom
December 1 to date. The followins banks re
ceived shipments: Hongkong and Shanghai
Hanking Corporation 2,100,000; Nevada Na
tional Bank, 1,750.000; International Banking
Corporation. 1.20O.C0O.
Sterling Exchange sixty days.... — $4 85
Sterling Exchange", sight — 4 8S.
Sterling Exchange., cables — 4 S!>
New York Exchange, sight — 12%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 15
Silver, per ounce ., — 66?»
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 45%
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Rates remain about
the same, at 13s spot and 20®22s 6d for new
crop loading, with little or nothlngdolng en
the t pot. The chartered wheat' fleet in port
has a registered tonnage of 5446, against 8000
tons on the same date last year; disengaged,
83.110 tons, against tfr.CCO; on the way to this
port, 188.7:10 tons, asralnst 240,600.
WHEAT — The markets all over the. world
continue flat and uninteresting, with no news
of moment, and Chicago alone shows sufficient
fluctuation to attract attention.- The closing
down of the Minneapolis mills Is supposed to
be due to the rcor di-mand for Flour. Cargoes
en route to Liverpool continue heavy and de
prepsed.
In this market the cash Wheat is a fraction
higher, and firm at the advance. The millers
are in the market, but they are about the only
buyers. There is little change in futures.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club, $1 42%@1 47%; California
White Australian, $1 52%@l 00; Northern
Club, $1 42&&1 45; Northern Blu»stem, $1 62%
SI 57% per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session » to 11:30 a. m.
Open. ¦ High. Low. Close.
May $1 42ii $1 41% $1 40% $1 4«>' / .j
December ... 1 35% 1 35% 1 S4V» 1 34V*
2 p. m. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
•May $140 $140 $140 $140
December ... 1 33% 1 33% U1?i 1 3.1%
BARLEY — The market was stronc and there
wrre suveral sales of Feed at $1 15, Some
Chevalier also sold at this figure. Offerinss
were light. There was no marked variation in
futures. . •• . •
. CASH BARLEY.
Feed. $1 12%r£i 15: Shipping and Brewing.
$1 17%«ia 20; Chevalier. $1 15tfl 25 far fair
to choice.
FUTURES.
Session l> to 11:30 a. m.
Open. " High. * Low. Close.
May $112 $112 $111% $111%
December ... 1 01% 1 01% ' 1 01% 1 01%
2 p. m. Session.
December— $1 01 \i.
OATS — The market -has shown no change of
consequence for weeks. The demand at the
moment la slow, but the otatiatical situation
or the markrt is strong and hoWters are in
different about selling.
White. $1 27%(itl .17%; Black. $1 25@1 55;
Red. $1 25^1 35; Gray. $1 32% per ctl.
. CORN — Offerings are light and the market Is
closely held at unchanged quotations. Buyers,
however, are Indifferent and take only what
they really need, and at such times as they
need u. •
Western sacked. $1 37% for Yellow. $1 35
for White and $1 27% 61 30 for Mixed; Cali
fornia large yellow $1 40S1 45; small round
do. $1 50<tfl 55; White. $1 40@l 45 per ctl;
Egyptian. $1 45(31 50 for white and $1 27%*t
1 30 for brown.
RYE! — Samples ara few and the market 1m
stea.Iy at ?1 ao*jl ."52% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $1 75^2 per ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
The millers report Flour in rair demand, but
Millstuffs duller than they have been. Prices
are as before.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $4 80-9
6 10, usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 70*55;
Oregon and Washington, Jobbing at $3 S5@4 25
per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in packages are ns
follows: Graham Flour $3 2r> per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $3 25; Rye Meal. S3; Rice Flour,
$7; Corn Meal, $3 25; extra crtam do. $1; Oat
Groats $4 50; Hominy $4ij4 25; Buckwheat
Flour, 1?4 50<94 75; Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Fa
rina $1 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled
Oats', bbls, $7 25<gS 60; in sacks. $B 7rj@8 10;
Pear'l Barley $6; Split Peas, boxes, $7; Green
Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
New York stocks are one to three points higher. Cotton lower.
Continued inactivity in local stocks and bonds.
Sikrr and Exchange as previously quoted.
Continued receipts of Japanese yen at this port.
Cash Wheat fractionally higher, zvith millers buying.
' Wheat freights continue low, zvith tonnage plentiful.
Flour in fair demand, but Millstuffs quieter.
Barley, Oats, Com and Rye firmly.held.
Hay, Bran, Shorts and Middlings lower.
Beans easy and quiet, owing to the continued rains.
Potatoes end Onions in good supply and easy.
Poultry and Game in light receipt and active.
Orange market unfavorably affected by the continued rains.
Butter and Eggs slightly higher and iirnu
Cheese still in excessive supply and depressed.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins generally quiet.
Kuban Honey continues to undersell the California product.
Provisions inactive and easy in all markets.
Nau Spring Wool arriving in poor condition.
Hops quiet and more or less weak.
Hides firmly held, but not in active request.
Hogs firm, ztith decreasing receipts. Other livestock un
changed.
SUMMARY OP THE MARKET.
Ml RR Mex pfd.. 100 38 3<? 37>,4
New York Central. 800. 117 115*4 llCu
Norfolk &. Western. 2,300 58% 57% 5SVi
Ncr & West pfd 85
Nor Securities US
Ontario & Western. 2,000 21% 21 21%
Pennsylvania 60,800 117% 110 l 8 US',4
P. C, C & St Louis CO
Rearilnp 30.300 44li 43»4 *4«4
Reading let pfd 7S
Reading 2d j>fd 59
Rock Island Co 10,300 21 V a 20;* 21 «i
Rock Island Co pfd. 000 62v; J »j2 62%
St L & S F 2d pfd. 200 44*4 4.1»4 44
St Louis S W 2OO 14 14 14% 14 Vi
Kt Louis S W pfd.. COO 34 u, 33% 3 Hi
Southern Pacific... 137, 400 4S»i 45% 48%
Southern Railway.. 6,500 21»i 21 % 21%
Southern Ry pfd.. 800 S3'i 84»i MV t
Texas Pacific 400 24 24 23%
T. Et L & W ¦ 25
T, St L & W pfd.. 100 36»i 3«s; 30
Union Pacific 401,700 85 76>4 84»i
ITnlon Pacinc pfd.. 900 01 87>^ S9Mj
, Wabash 300 19 18% 18%
1 Wabash pfd...». .. 1,600 36H 35% 36>-i
Wheeling &, L E 16^
Wisconsin Central. 100 18% ISTa W%
Wisconsin Cen pfd 42%
Express Companies —
Adams 222
American 100 192 102 190
United States 105
"Wells-Fargo '¦ 205
Miscellaneous —
Amal Copper 29,000 43H 47% 4S>4
Amer Car & F ,. 200 20U 20 20
Amer C & F pfd .. 400 71*4 70% 71
Amer Cotton Oil ..' 29'4
Amer Cot Oil pfd 88
American Ice 700 6% C% 6%
American Ice pfd. 700 2S 27 Va 20 !¦£
Amer Linseed Oil .... S
Amer Lin Oil pfd. 900 29 27% 28%
Amer Locomotive... 200 23 22^ «2
Amer Loco pfd .. 200 83 83 81*4
Amer Smelt & Ref. 1,600 18T4 • 48% 48%
Amer S & R pfd. 1.300 92% 02 01%
Amer Sugar Ref .. 8,100 128% 125% 126>,i
•Anaconda Mln Co.. 300 fiC C5% «!5%
Brooklyn Rap T... 20,900 4.1% 42T(, 43
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 100 29X a 29% 2S%
Consolidated Gas .. 10.500 197% 194%. 197
Corn Products 13%
Corn Products pfd. 200 72 "l 1^ 71 .
Distillers' Secur ... 200 24 24 i 24
General Electric .. 600 169% 16814 168
Inter Paper c 11%
Inter Paper pfd .... .... 65
Inter Pump • .. » ¦ • •• • 32
Inter Pump pfd.... ...... ,7i. ....'¦ 74
National Lead ....* - 100 15 15 15
North American ... 200 85'i 85»4 85Vt
Pacific Mail .....:. 2,500 30 27 20%
People's Gas 1,500 98 ' 97 VI %
Pressed Steel Car 2!>%
Pressed Steel C pfd 69%
Pullman Pal Car 210
Republic Steel 100. 7% 7% 7%
Republic Steel pfd 43%
Rubber Goods 400 19% 19% 19%
Rubber Goods pfd. 100 77% 77% 76
Tenn Coal & Iron. 300 3S% 88% 8S>4
II S leather 400 7 7 6%
IT S Leather pfd.. 100 78 78 '77%
U B Realty 200 7 6% 6%
XT S Realty pfd.. 700 51% BOV» 50V 4
IT S Rubber 400 13%. 13 IS
IT S Rubber prd .. 100 62% 52% 52%
V S Steel 1,000 11% 11 11%
IT S Steel pfd .... 47,700 57% 56% 57
Westlnghouse Elec. 1,000 163 162 163
Western Union 100 8S«i SS!4 88^4
Total sales . ..1.061.CC0 shares.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK, March 22.— Bond transactions
of the United Railroads of San Francisco were
$100,000 at $79 50. $25,000 at $79 62% and
$25,000 at $79 75.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
Common, bid 4%, asked 4%; preferred, bid
S7, asked 37%.
NEW TORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg..lO5> B lL & N unified 4s. 99
Do coupon 105%| Man con gold 4s.lO4
Do 3s reg 10«V4|Mex Cent 4s 64
Do coupon 10C%| Do 1st inc 13%
Do new 4s reg.l.i2*s| Minn & St L 4s. 95
Do coupon 132^(!M K & Tex 4s... 9S
old 4s reg..lO7 | Do 2ds .77%
Do coupon 107 JNR of Mex con 4s. '75
Atch gen 4s 100%|N Y C gen IlHs.. 97%
Do adj 4s 8-8%|N J C gen 5s 128%
Atlantic C L 4s. !)2%|Nor Pac 4« 103%
Bal & Ohio 4s. ..1O1%I Do 3s 71%
Do o%s 94 Nor & W con 4s.. 99-
Central of Ga 5s.lO6% OSL 4s & partic. 94%
Do 1st inc 66 Pa conv 3%s 96
Ches & Ohio 4%s.l01 Reading gen 4s... 96%
>.Chi & Alton 3%s. 76. SL & I M con 5s.ll3%
C B & Q new 4s. 94 S L & S F fg 4s. 82
C.M--& SP gen 4s.lO7V4 St Louis SW Ists. 93%
C & NW con 7s.l29% Seaboard A L 4s. 66
C. R I & Pac 4s. 69>4 So Pac 4s 89 Vi
Do col 5s 78%|So Ry 5s 112%
C.C.C A SL gn 4s. 93 |Tex & Pac lBtB..116,
Chi Term 4s 79% IT. St L & W 4s. 69%
Con Tobacco 4s. 58% I Union Pac 4s 10:{%
Colo & So 4s 85% Do conv 4s 5)8
C F & I conv 5s. 70 U S Steel 2d 6>.. 74%
Den & Rio Q 4s. 97% Wabash Ists 11.1%
Erie prior lien 4s. 97V 4 | Do deb B 60%
Do gen 4s 85H|W & L Erie 4s... S6%
F W & D C lsta.104%1 WIs Cent 4s S0%
Hock Val 4Us..lO4%|
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 12! Ontario 4 00
Alice 25!uphlr 4 75
Breece 10| Phoenix Of.
Bruns Con o:tiPotosl 2.1
Com Tunnel 10'Savage 57
Con Cal & Va... 1 801 Sierra Nev 62
Horn Silver 1 75! Small Hopes 15
Iron Silver 2 10! Standard 2 55
Little Chief Ofij
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money— f United Fruit 09
Call loans 2i4ff3%| Westing Common. 80
Time loans ...3 <g5 [ Mining —
Bonds — ¦- I Adventure 2>i
Atchlson 4s' $*S%! Alloucz 3^
Do adj 4s 8S JAmal Copper .... 48
Railroads — JAmer Zinc $»
Atchison 70%|Atlantic v.... 7!4
Do pfd 00 IRingham in^j,
Boston & Albany.244 [Calumet *; Hecla.450
Boston & Maine. l'IRm Centennial 17
Boston Kiev lf.SV, | Copper Range ..:. 42
Fltchburg pfd 139 I Daly West 25',4
Mcx Central H',i!Dom Coal 60
N Y. N H & H..100Vi| Franklin 7?i
Union Pacific 81*i|Grancy 2'f,
Miscellaneous — \ Isle Royale 7Vi
Amrr Arge Chem. 13<£!Mass Mining 3«4
Do Pfd 71 (Michigan 4%
Amer Pneu Tube. 4 j Mohawk 35T&
Amer Sugar 126U Mont Coal & C. 2>4
Do pfd 124% ! Old Dominion $>«£
Amer Tol & Tel... 124 lOsceola M'j
Amer Woolen 10%! Parrot S',4
Do pfd 70 |Quincy S2
Pom Iron & f» 8%: Shannon 7^4
Ed Elect Ilium. .233 [Tamarack 00
Gen Electric 1«>S ITrinlty 4^4
Mass. El»>ctrlc.... 1» III S Mining 21»4
Do rfd 72 117 S Oil «*<,
Mass Gas RS*4li:tah 3Z%
Un Shoe Marh .. 4« I Victoria 3*6
Do pfd 2«mwinona T,U t
U S Rteel lOVt I Wolverine 70'4
Do pfd 57!i|
X- London Closing Stocks
Cons for money... 86 IN T Central 110^4
Do for acct..8C 5-10! N'or A Western.. t>9\'%
Anaconda V i | Do pfd 80
AtchiFon T0>/4IOnt & Western.. . n il*i
Do pfd D2Vi! Pennsylvania .... 5974
Bal & Ohio K0 '£ I Rand Mines n«V
Can Pacific 117%! Reading 22%
Chro & Ohio :?2 I Do lnt pfd 40V,
Chi Great West. .' 15UT Do 2d pfd HO
Chi. Mil & St P..14S ISo Railway 21«
De Beers 1014 . Do rfd S«H;
'Den & Rio G.... 20»i!So Pacific 47%
Do pfd 70U!L'n!on Pacinc .... 4S B 4
Erifl 2.V/.I D n pfd ........ 90
Do lFt pfd «!J|U S Steel UK
Do 2»1 pfd 42 < Do pfd ........ 581!
Ill Central 132 Wabash 9^
Louis & Na-«<h...in7t£l Do pfd 37U
M K * Texas 18 Vi I Spanish 4s.. 78
Bar silver— Steady 26d per ounce.
Money — 3@3Vj per cent. . -
The rate of discount in the open market for
Fhort b'll? Is :i", per cent and for three months 1
bill:! 3 l-lG@3>/s per cent.
Meat Market.
fancy bcn.less. 8U«S%e: pickled Cod. bbU. $3;
Sisal 10%c; Duplex. S***c; Bale Rope. 1H«»
"SjFrEMct. lUca-Ncmtnal: 1SJS«1|J.
12c tor 'good to prime: 0«10^c for fair; 7SSVa<»
"•SSSSMftSSTSr fancy w»hgd: »^
13V4« for strictly prim* w »f h ,^j.^for fkir
good to crime, washed; ShsW'^c for ralr
washed: 10-313C for fair to prime f" 1 *** S£J.
berry DViSO^c for gocd to prime ifml-was.iM
9fi9Wc fcr superior unwashed: SU«9c for good
SVn"»Zd: »%©Hte for Kff to superior
unwashed peaberry; 7gSc for In/erlor to or
4l XlSnpia- 12^®13?;c nominal for prime to
fancy washed; 9V-1?ltc nominal tortalr to
perVnw^hTdf^^^^g^tVpV.;
™ < r»YK.ff*S3 rT il«Ic.»-14»l*. for rare,
washed: 12^@14c fcr Drim» to "trictly prim*
wa«hed- ll l *311 8 ;e for strictly good washed.
Wieilc for good washed: »>«?<>14» %Z*&
washed; 8S»c for medium; 738 Vic fcr Inferior
to ordinary; 10^®12>*c for f»^ta prtm.
washed peaberry: 0\^n0c for good to prim*
unwashed ceaberry; S^S«c for good to sa-
P *LE r \THKR— The local trad* quote the m«rk«t
•to 'enough, but slow. Sole. hea%-y. »£g«
?^t beav7: 30^40c per lb; medium. 27329c:
light. 24S2tJc; Rough Leather. 26©CSc; Uarn«->
Ti.fhnr h-avy 33a39c for No. 1 and S9O3M
%r So" 2: medium. S0«37c; «|ht. »8^;
Skirtiri No. 1. 40-&42C; No. 2. 36«C8c: Col-
Par &>. 13«16c per foot; Trace Leather 10
«44c- KIP unfinished. 4OQ50c per lb; \eal
finished. tb©eOc cer lb: Calf, finished 65 ;^S I
per lb- Wax Sides. 16®17c per foot: Belt Knife
SpUts' 1431«c: Rough Splits. 8310c per lb
TANBARK-lGround. $2l10=S per ton; •tick.
?1 O?Tl-?Q r uo C ta r «ons are for barrels: for case,
add 5?TJn»eed. 4t)c per gallon for boiled and
47c for raw; Castor Oil. »n cas?» No. 1 WJK
Bakers' A A $1 1^1 1^: L«c«>». 45c for ??S^
a?.l «- (nrrBw; China Xut. COSTOc per gMov. :
Cocomnit Oil in barrel.-. W* for Oylon and .£
for Australian: extra hitched w*ntjr .Sp^rrn
OH. Soc: natural winter Sperm Oil. 80c: «*"
blearh-d winter Whale Oil. <55c: natural ¦Whjjl*
Oil B0r; extra winter strained Lnr<1 TO »» •
No' 1 Lard OH. «<V: pure Nentsfoot Oil. rac.
No! 1 Neat.foot Oil. «3e: light Herrt«« OO.
ar SXl e^^.^: ;
F™, n ; hhe: Poodorized Stove Gasoline, n
bulk. \& In'oa,.., 22'^c: Ben»lnj .»«*•«'•«•
13c: In cas"3. lS'ic: Si.-degree Gasoline m
bu'ik 25c in cases. 31c.
TURPENTINE — We r<?r callon in cases sna
78c In drums ar.rl iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LKAP-I>d L*a«. .^
71-ic per lb; T\Tilte Lead. 7fr7»,c. according to
$13^44 for local use and
14" 5<:ft43 50 r>er flask for export,
"p vi/r— BaUs. Jl 40; Dairy. ?S S'WP"' 0^
Grarulate.l. $3 5C«10: Ha'.: Orour.d ICO-lb
ba?!. *l M; do. BO-th ba^s. S5; Rods Salt.
«4 25 In 100 ?rd $4 .',0 In 50 lb bass: Genu
ine Liverpool. 114. $15 and Slrt per ton in pac*
a-«^ of KJ 100 and SO lbs respectively.
SUGVR— The Vestrrn Su?ar Rennlng l.or.
parv qucter at follows, per lb. In l^Jb :
Cub»s A Crushed and Fine Crushed. B-W:
Pondered 5.5Pc; Cnndy Granulated. .. >nr-;
Pry Granulated, fine. 5.40c: Pr>- Gniri' 1 
lated. coar-e. 5.4<\;: Prolt Granulated 8.40c
Beet Granulated HOO-lb bags only). 5.3«V.
Confectioners- A. B.40-: Masnolia A. Sr:
Extra C. 4.00c: Golden C. 4.80c: P.
4 70c- barrels. 10c more; half barrels. .5c mor°;
boxe« Bftc more: 50-lb bag?. 10c mor* for a I.
kif.ds. Tablets— Half barrels". l«0cj box»i>.
6 15c- H. & E. Costal DuoUwk «.40o per lb.
No orders taken for less than seventy-Ova bar
rels; or its equivalent. ,,„„„
LT'MEER— Pine, ordinary s«i2<>s. $13-313: ex
tra "sizes hlsh-r; Redwood. $13^23: Lath 4
fer-t S-T 7r.S4: Pl-lcts. Jl'-gSS; Shingles. $2 for
No.' 1 and *1 50 for No. 2: Shak-fi . JU Mr
split and $15 for sawn: P.ustic. $3-f3i.
Hogs arc auntM rUite firm, irith r»celr»i
hardly up to market r««ei1s. as the bad condi
tion of the country roads Is Interfering with
the shipment of stock to t&ia city. There Is
no material advance, however.
Beef Mutton and Veal are w previously
ttOCfed, with *UDPl!f!» sufficient for the d3i!y
markPt needs and no nor".
DRESSED :.IEAT3.
"Wholesale rntes frcm uliughterers to dealers
T.^Se for Steers and CVj'STc per IS
'°VE vT^-Lerse RfiS'iP: small. S^O^e p»r lb.
MUTTON— Wether.'. Qli©10c; Ewes. 0^9^=
Fall. 12'-i-313c: Spring, 13^130.
PORK— Dres«>e.l lings. ~®$*ic per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, loasi
Ll-cstock. dell ¦.«red in San Francisco, less 60
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLK— Steers, KTOc; Cows and HMfers,
7««c-: th'.n Cows. lW5c r<r >b.
VaI.VES 4'34'ic per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP Wether* 4'i'S5c: Ewes. 4 1 4 @4 1 < J c
per \h (srrosa weight).
to ,b,.
ov»r 2C0 lbs. r.N,<35*ie: 50ft Hoga. 4%^5>,,^:
<?ow3 "0 err fnt off; Boars. JO P«*r cent orr.
anl'stigs. 40 r« cent off from above quota
tions.
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL MARKETS.
¦ PRUNES — Continue easy In tone, with price*
ranging- from 3%c to 614c. - • '
APRICOTS— Show a rather diminishing de
mand, but are still steadily held. Choice are
OHSlOc; extra choice, 10V t Ql0%c. and fancy,
li^iuc.
PEACHES— Continue in good demand, with
a hardening tendency. Choice. 7 «4®7 Vic; ex
tra choice, 7%®Sc; fancy at 9&@10c.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, March 22. — There was a pood
demand for tin reported both here and abroad
and the market ruled firm and higher. The
London market closed at an advance of £1
to £l;;0 for both spot and futures and prices
here were raised to ?•-% 95®29 62.
Copper also ruled firm in London. ¦ advancing
2s Cd to £6S 2 S tid for spot and £57 12s 0U
for futures. Locally lake is quoted at $12@i:S;
electrolytic and casting at $12 50®l2 75.
Lead 'advanced' 2s tid ¦ to £12 2s (3d in Lon
don, but was unchanged locally at $4 C0@4 t>5.
Spelter was firm at an advance of 5 points
to $5 «5@5 15 locally and It gained 2s Cd In
London, closing there at £21 17s *"d.
Iron closed at 51s »id in Glaseow and at 433
9d In Middlesboro. Locally iron was quiet
and unchanged. ¦ No. 1 foundry, northern,
S1G@15 50; No. 1 foundry, southern, $15@15 10;
No. 2 foundry, northern, $14 oO@15; No. 1
foundry, southern, and; No. 1 foundry, south
ern, soft, $1415-14 50.
for large; Honkers. $485: English Snipe. $3 50:
common Snipe, $1 60; Wild Pigeons. $1 50:
Rabbits. $1 60©2 for Cottontails and $191 25
for Brush; Hare, $l<gl 25.
Butter Cheese and Eggs.
The Butter market was generally quoted
firmer yesterday, stocks being moderate and
the good local demand keeping the floors clear.
Although at this time of the year stocks gen
erally increase, following the larger produc
tion, the strike of the marine engineers la in
terfering with deliveries from up the coast.
bo that the present supply here is not what it
would be otherwise. The steam schooners are
hauled off and laid uj> as aoon as they reach
port, and as they bring more or less Butter,
the market of course Is affected.
Cheese remains as before, with a depressed
and oversupplled market.
Another advanco In Eggs is noted. They
are in smaller receipt than usual at thts time
of the year, and the purchasing activity in
Sonoma County continues unabated. Thla cut*
down receipts materially. The medium and
lower grades continue relatively firmer than
ranch.
Iteceipt3 were 54,600 lbs Butter, 1653 cases
Eggs and 21.800 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery at first hands. 22g22Sc
for* extras. 21c for firsts and lS»fi20c for sec
onds; dairy, 15ft20c; store - Butter, nominal;
cold storage. SOGZle for extras. lSglOc for sec
onds and HWi'iV- for ladle-packed.
CHKESE — 8H® 9 c for good to choice new
and "liiSc for lower grades; Young Americas,
9«t@10c; Eastern. 15tfl6c; Western, 14S15c
per lb.
EGGS— Ranch. 19@21c for good to choice;
store, 17@18c per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Aside from a limited Inquiry for choice and
fancy Navels for shipment to Honolulu on the
steamer Sonoma, which sails on Thursday,
trade in the Orange market was quiet, aa tha
wet weather repelled local buyers. Owing to the
continued rains a large portion of the dally
receipts, particularly choice and standard
graies, are showing evidence of decay and have
to be carefully repacked before being offered
for sale. Six cars are announced for to-day's
auction. The other Citrus fruits were without
especial feature, and, with the exception of
Mexican Limes, prices of all descriptions stood
as previously quoted. An easy leehng pre
vailed in Limes and a steamer arrived late In
thr day. with fresh supplies.
There whs a lair amount of business in
ch^ap Apples, but fancy offerings moved
slowly. Bananas wfre in good supply, with
trade quiet at previous prices.
APPLES — $1 731*2 25 per box for extra fancy,
$1 23{f] 50 for ordinary fancy, S5c'tf?l for
choice and ojifjt&c for common.
CITRUS FRUIT:*— Navel Oranges. $lg2
per box lor fancy and 5<X:'ci$l 25 for standard
to choice; Tangerines, 7."icl;?l Hj per box:
Ltrronj.. $1 75&2 5<> for fancy, $1 — 5<yTt DO for
choice and 75i/u$l for standard; Orape Fruit.
$1 25'(i2 50; Mexican Limes, J5@5 60 per ca«e;
Baimnas, $ltt2 per bunch for Hawaiian and
$1 OofcU 25 for Central American; Pineapples,
f-fi'-'t 50 p»r dczen.
Dried FruitSjNutsiRaisinsJIbney.
Imports qf Cuban Honey at New Tork. sell-
Insr at S'-ic per lb, or frcm lftlVjc below the
parity of the California market, continue to
depress the Callforniu product, which Is re
ported very dull and more or less weak, though
quotations show no further decline.
Other descriptions under this head continue
quiet. Peaches' meet with the most inquiry
and prices are steady. Stocks of Apricots ara
reduced to practically nothing. Apples are
steadily held. Prunes are in better supply
than anything else, and holders are reported
shading the quotations to realize. The con
troversy between the two raisin factions Is
keeping this article In a very dull and unsat
isfactory condition. There is nothing new in
Nuts which are quiet.
FRUIT— Apricots. SVi'&lO'.ie for Royals and
9(£J12c for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, 4 lit*
«c; sun-dried. 3O4^c; Peaches, 607&C; Pears,
SfHMjc; Nectarines, nominal; Ktgn, white,
'.Vii\<z in boxes; ¦ black, 4',ic; Plums, pitted,
09 Kc per lb.
PRUNES— 1003 crop. 2V»@2'ic for the four
sizes.
RAISINS — The Association quotes the follow
ing prlcesr. • Standard grades, 60-lb cases — 2
crown Luose Muscatels, 5Uc per lb;
.'{-crown. B%e; 4-crown. tiX^c; Seedless Lcose
Muscatels. 4|£c: Seedless floated. 4*ic; 2-crown
Malaga loose, 5c; 3-irown Malaga loose. 5-%c;
St-edless Sultanas, unbleached. 4^>c; Seedlesa
Thompsons, unbleached. 5>je. . Layers, per 20
1b tox — 6-crown Imperial clusters, $."; 5-crown
Deh»sa clusters. $2 50; 4-crown fancy clusters.
$2: 3-crown Ix>ndon Layers, $1 35: 2-crown
London Layers. $1 25; usual advance for frac
tional bos-s and layers. Heeded — Fancy 16-oz
cartons, per lb. 7->»c-; fariey l"-oz cartons, per
package. 6-yic; fancy bulk cartons, per lb. 7^c;
choice 16-c.z cartons, per lb. 7 He; choice 12-os
cartons, per package, OUc: choice bulk car
tons, oer lb. 7*ic; 10-oz cartons, seeded Seed
lings, Muscateto, per lb. 7c; 12-oz cartons,
seeded Seedlings, Muscatel*, per lb. 5»ic; bulk,
seeded Seedlings. Muscatels, per lb, ti\c.
XUTS — Walnuts, - No. 1 softshell. l.'JVs'S14c:
No. 2, ll%O12c; No. 1 hardshell. 13913)&e:
No. 2 lt« = ll%e: Almonds. ll l je for Nonpa
reils?. II 'ic for I X L. lie for N« Plus Ultra
ami 0 Vic" 1 for Languedoc; Peanuts, 6§7c for
Eastern: Pecajis. ll®i:'.c: Cocoannts. $4 .W??5.
HONEY— Comb. lOtUl'ic for white and S'j
(ffiiM'.c for amber; water white extracted, fit
JlHc": light amber extracted, i\*>ffl%c: dark,
ISKESWAX— 27'SL'Oc per lb.
THE SAN v FRANCISCO'. CALL, WEDNESDAY. "MARCH" 2h\ 190*.
Northern t Business.
- SEATTLE. March 22. — Clearings, $732,579;
balances, $73,074. . .
TACOMA. March 22.— Clearings, $330,405;
balances. $50,543."' •¦¦.¦-"' : -, ¦
PORTLAND, March 22.— Clearings. $518,337;
balances, $,176,705. • .
SPOKANE. March 22.— Clearinge, $305,330;
balancee, $47,C5G. . - - ' -.. " -
Continued on Pajje Thirteen.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
12
AUCTION SALES
tes £* 2*
AUCTION SALE of g GOOO HORS^W^
HOR?E T MARK°£Tr32 a 7 flitt -t. JOHN J.
DOYLE. Auctioneer. LSun, ; Moon and Tide.
United - States Coast . and Geodetic ¦ Survey —
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S.-N Mer
chants' ' Exchange, San Francisco ' Cal
' March 22, 1904. -• . . ¦
- The - Time ¦ Ball was not dropped to-day
Mechanism temporarily out of order ¦
J. C: BURNETT,^
Lieutenant. , U. S. N., in charge.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Con tinned From Page Twelve.
N P CR 5^105 — 8 V Wat 6s. 104 "mos
Xfi Kjr'5s. — — I Go U 2dm. 08jS 99U
N C P C 0s. 8SH10=%i I>o 4s 3dm. — M
Mkt-st C 68.118 — | (1906) .....107 —
Do lem 5s.ll5 — - (1912) ..... — 11S&
MV& MtT5s.l0t — fiPC.l eg 6s. 115 110
NRIt of C6».1O7 — Do »tmpd..lC9 110
Do 6s ....118HH9 IS P B R 6a.l34 —
Shipping' Intelligence.
ARRIVKD.
Tuesday. March 22.
Stmr City of Sydney, McLean. 20 days from.
Panama.- via: Acapulco 7 days 1 hour.
Stmr Maggie, Corning, 4 hours from Half
moon .Bay. • '
Stmr Jeanie, Downing, 0 days lS^houra from
Seattle.
Stmr Rainier,' Hansen, 125 hours from Bel-
Hngham. via Neah Bay. - . ¦_
Stmr Nokomls, Nielsen, 13 days from Grays
Harbor. ¦
Nor stmr Hero, Syvertsen, 8 days from
Ladysmith. • • .
Tug ¦ Sea Rover, Thompson. 1 . 14 hours from
Caspar. ya;tf»<lffillliBfcljBpBBBi
CLEARED.
. < " Tuesday, March 22.
Stmr George W. Elder, Randall, . Astoria
O R & N Co. v ' '"•
Bktn Coronado, Potter, Honolulu, j, d*
Spreckelg & Brca Co. ¦
SAILED. •
.Tuesday. March 22.
r Btmp Mlneola, Kirkwood.'. Tacoma.
Stmr Scotia, . Johnson, Bo wens - Landing.
Exports for the Xorth.
' The steamer Umatilla sailed on Monday for
Victoria with nn assorted merchandise cargo
consigned to the port of destination and the
principal British Columbian ports, valued at
$13,727 and Including the following:
758 pkg» fresh fruits, 203 pkgs fresh vegeta
bles. :j»,8i>r> lbs " malt. , 47.C23 lbs dried fruit
1000 lbs raisins.' 1100 lbs meals, 1738 lbs beana'
26 cs eggs, 2250 lbs butter, 752 lbs cheese 6vS»
l*s paste, 18 pkgs groceries and provisions' 237
gals 1 cs wine,'. 51.es liquors, 50 es whisky. 4O'»
lb» coffee, 1027 lbs apple peelings, 10 sks feed
3 bxs fresh oysters. 80 pkgs paint. 0 balea hose'
27 pkgs machinery, 2 drums oil, 304 pkgs tank
material, 15 bxs drugs, 2 rolls leather. 3 burs
steel and iron, l'cs boots and shoes. ¦ In addi
tion to the foregoing the steamer carried 46 875
lbs dried fruit and 2500 lbs raisins, valued at
|215t5, en route to Winnipeg, Manitoba,
Steamer. I For. Sails.
City of Seattle Rkagway & Way Ports. Mar 23
Alkl.. Skagway & Way Ports. Mar. 25
Cottage City.. Skagway & Way. Ports. Mar. 2S
Farallon t Skagway & Way Ports.lJIar. 2»
Excelsior Valdes & Way Ports. . I Apr. 1
HumboMt Pksgwffy & Way Ports. [Apr 2
Dirtgo, ....... Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 10
Bertha Valdes & Way Ports.. Apr 10
Recovers Lost Anchor.
Diver Roach yesterday recovered the an
chor and 30 fathoms of chain lost by the
schooner Eva off Melggs wharf during the re
cent southeaster. -." ,; v -'; :
FROM SEATTLE.
Loses Many Sails.
The British ship County of Kinross, which
arrived ' Monday, - 14S days from Antwerp, was
off. Cape Horn for twenty-one days, and in the
gales encountered while rounding the head
land had many of her sails blown away.
. Steamer. Destination. Sails. I Pier.
March 23. j -
C Nelson Los Angeles Ports. 2 pm P!er 20
Centralla... Los Angeles Ports. 4 pm Pier 10
Coronailo... 05j"«yn Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
Elizabeth... Coqullle River 10 am Pier 20
Empire..... Coos Bay direct.. 5,pm[Pier 1:5
Pomona.... Humboldt l:30p!Pier 9
Siberia...... China &¦ Japan 1 1 pmlPier 40
G. W. Elder AstorH & Portlandill am Pier 21
Matron 24. j
Newbarg... Graj-s Harbor 4 pmlPier 10
Eureka Kumboldt 0 amlPier 13
State of Cal Knn Diego & Way. ft amjPier 11
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way. 9 am|P!er 11
Sonoma Sydney & Way... 2 pmlPler 7
Jeanie Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
March 25. •
Rainier.-... Seattle & Whatcom 4 pm Pier 10
Arcata. I Coos Bay direct... 12 m Pier IS
Anubls Hamburg & Way.. 12 m Pier 19
March 26.
Colon X- Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Spokane.... Humboldt l:30pPier 0
Senator.... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
March 27.
S. Rosa.... San Dlcga & Way. 9 a,m Pier 11
March 28.
Oregon Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 2»
lionita.. Newport & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
March 30.
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma. 2 pm Pier 20
G. Lindauer Grays Harbor 6 pm Pier 1O
March 31.
CltyPuebla Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
April 3.
Alameda Honolulu 11 am Pier 7
Coptic. China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 4f1
City Sydney N. Y. via Panama. 12 m|Pler -i0
TO SAIL.
Steamer. From. Due.
Centralla Grays Harbor Mar. 23
Edith Tsroma Mar. 2a
Coronado. .. . • San 1'edro Mar. 23
Tltanla. Nanalmo Mar. 23
Valencia Seattle A Tacoma Mar. 23
Arcata ' Coos Hay & I't. Orford. Mar. Zi
Queen Seattle Mar. 23
Tellus... Oyster Harbor Mar. 24
Spokane Humboldt Mar. 24
Santa Ito.'-a. . - San Diego & Way Pts. «ar. 24
JJonlta Xewport & Way Ports. Mar. 25
Centennial... Seattle & Tacoma. .... Mar. 25
Oregon Portland A Astoria.. .". Mar. 25
Amasis Hamburg & Way Pts. Mar. 25
G. Llndauer. . Grays Harbor Mar. 2tf
CityPutbla... Pugd Sound Ports [Mar. 27
1'omona Hurcboldt !Mar. 27
Eureka Kumboldt • Mar. 27
Czarina Cooa Bay '. /...Mar. 27
Curacao. . .... Mexican Ports Mar. 28
State of Cal.. San Diego & .Way Pts. Mar. S!S
A laHltan New Vcrk Mar. 28
Alameda Honolulu Mar. 29
Cooa Hay. San Pedro & Way Pts. Mar. 2»
G. W. Elder.. Fortland & Astoria.... Mar. 30
Newport New York via Panama. Mar. 31
Umatilla Pugct Sound Ports Apr. , 1
Jeanie. Seattle & Tacoma Apr. 3
Ventura Sydney & Way_ Ports. Apr. 4
TO ARRIVE.
Movements of Steamers.
to Herbert J. Wiseman, undivided one-half of ;
lot on E line of Vermont street. 175 S of PI
erra, S 25 by E 100; $500.
ls>aac Kosenhelm to Samuel Rosenheim. lot
on N line of A street, S7:« W ol Twenty-second
avenue, W M by r\ 100: $10.
Bay District Laml Company with Monroe
Greenwood Estate Company, lot on E line of
Fifth av->nue, 100 N of A street. N 10:7. N'K
12.V.4H. S 4«:11«4. W 120; Jlo.
I-iura B. Roe to Edward A. Roe. lot on B
line of Tenth avenue, 2C0 P of A street. S TiO
by K 120; also let on E line of Eighteenth
avenue. 10) N of A street, N 123 by E 120; also
lot on N line of A street. n2:« E of Eighteenth
avenue. E 150 by N ICO. Quitclaim deed: $10. i
Marion and Alice Griffin and 3. M. an<1 Cap- I
sandra A. Snyder to Fred C- Hyde, lot on E :
line of Forty-sixth avenue. 275 S of B street,.!
S 2-> by K 12t>; *1O.
Sophie K. Chaquette to 5Iarj;ar»t Klink (wife
Of Thomas G.>. lot on XW comer of Thirty- ,
Fixtli avenue and T'uiton street. W 3'_':0 by N '
100; $10. |
Ju!ie J. Schwartz to Solomon Gelz. lot on
S line of U Ftreet. 57 :« W of Forty-fourth
avenue. "W 125 by S 10«; $10.
Solomon and Dcra Getz to Arthur I. Chap- '¦
n.an. lot on S line of i: street. 57 :« E of I'or
ly-flfth avenue, E 123 by 8 100; ?10.
Mary ami Emil E. Bauer alias Bauer" to !
Oliver A. Ather, lot on S line of Thirty-fioctmcJ ;
avenue, 12." W of G. Ftreet, W 25 by S 100, :
lot 6, block 55S, Bay Park Homestead Asso- i
ciation: f:iCO.
Charles and Viola C. Carr to Arthur D. i
Eastwood, lot on PE corner of Randolph and !
Heai »tr<-> e t8, E 25 by S 1V>. block 50, City |
Land Association; $"50.
Anna L. ami F. C. Pierce to H. Jl. Fit/.- [
Rerald. iot on E line of Lotta street, 275 H of i
Panatws, S 0:"i by E 101, lot 17, block C. j
Sur.f*t Heighu: *100.
John W. and Julia Anderson to Edward anO j
Catherine McColgan. lot on W lir.e of Califor- j
nla avenu*-. 45 X of Alcatraz. X '25 by AV 75, i
lots M. st; an 1 k\ gift map .'!; (10.
Sara Gottting (wife of r5«.irge C) to Charles !
W. and Louise F. Hugy, lot 1571, gift map 3; |
$10. ;
Builders' Contracts. \
Gudmund Olsen (owner) with J. B. Reite •
(contractor), architect John Storrnon — All work !
except patntiiig. mantels, gas fixtures and
shades for a two-story frame building (flats)
on S Hot of Twenty-fifth street, t»0 W of Cas- I
tro, 40 by 114; I3&85. I
Swedish-Amtrlcan Hall Association (owners)
with Mallcry A Bwenson (contractors), archi- ;
tect li. J. t. Cahill — Construction or two lodge :
rrcms, banquet hall and anterocms In second '
ptory of buiWlng on S line of City Hall avenue, I
2Ti<» W of Marshall square, W 50 by S 200; i
Agnes J. Fielding. Alice" M. Sage and Robert i
J. Graham (owners) with C. A. Holm (con
tractor), architects Havens & Toepke — Excava- [
ticn, brick work, house raising and moving, all
carpenter and mill work, stairs, hardware,
tinning, plastering, glazing, etc., for altera
tions to convert four two-story frame dwellings ',
into a three-story frame building (lodging- j
house with stores below), en W line of Leuven- |
worth street. 54 :« S of Ellis, S S3 by W 50; !
$11,744. i
Same owners with Henry Hufschmidt (con- :
tractor), architects same — Plumbing, sewering
and gas fitting for same on Fame; (3050.
Same ovrners with Clarke & Dlckson (con
tractors), architects tame — Painting, graining,
varnishing, tinting, etc., for same on same;
I10S5.
Mountford S. "WUeon (owner) with Charles
Stockh^im (contractor), architect Frank S. •
Van Trees — All work except painting and fur- J
rlshir.g brick, hearths and facings of fireplaces '
for a two-story, baaement and attic frame '
building on N line of Pacific avenue, 01:8 W t
of Webster street. W 45:10 by N 110; $21,500. •'
Joseph H. Rcbir.son (owner) with Kalghin' & 1
Caine (contractors), architects — All work
; except painting, mantels, shades and gas Ux-
I turrs for a two-Btory Irame building (eight
flats- ) on XW corner of Noe and Nineteenth
streets; $10,SCO.
William SchwelUer (owner) with A. H Wll
helm (contractor), architect C. A Meuss
dorffer—All work except plumbing, painting.
electrical and gas fixtures, mantels and shadea,
for a two-story frame (flats) on N line of
8 E ° f K
Same owner with H. Maundrell (contractor)
architect same— Painting, etc., for same oil
came: f 615.
fiame owner with II. J. Perazzl (contractor!
architect same— Plumbing. ga*flttlng and
eewer work for same on same; $!S03
Agnes A. Scoble (owner) with Schanz &
Grundy (contractors), architect T Patterson
Ross — Plumbing, gasntting and sewering work
for a three-btory and basement brick butldlnir
on the NW corner of Page street and Masonic
avenue. W 108 by N 50; $1915. T
» Same owner with Royal Heating Company
(contractors), architect same — Heating Ve. n .
til a tine and hot air system for same on same
$1510.
tiame owner • with Otis Elevator Company
(cor tractors), architect tame — Elevator work
for same on same; $1875. .
Cornelius Canty and wife (owners) with J
V, Campbell (contractor), — «. — architect— Ali
work for a two-story frame building on KW '
line of Kherld&n street,* 155 SW of Ninth. SW
25 by NW 100. M. 1; $3100.
Michael McDonough, John Wynne. Archibald
K. Ptace. Sidney F. l/ungton. Martin Ger>ghr
gan, Cornelius Wamplc, . Serpo. I.ulgl, Carlos
McGeachy, Reglna fiolorsauo, and ten Chinese.
Kucounter Hurricane AYeathrr.
Speculators Ixise #7500.
TT»e tratriD steamer Hero. Captain Sytort
pen. which arrived yesterday five days from
La<Jysm!th with 02C0 tons of . coal, waa hove
to for thirty hours during the pasrage. Cap
tain Syvertsen reports that on March 10 h*
encountered a gale from the southeast and
southwest wheih blew with hurricane force.
Tiw forward bulkhead of the Hero's poop was
carried away, windows and doors on the stfir
board side were , stove in and considerable
other damage Uon|- about -the clicks. During
the thirty hours tne vernel wns hcve-to it was
impossible to traverse the d«?cks.
The steam schooner Ilalnler al$o had a hard
time nf it. When about forty miks off Tll
lsmrok. on March 10. during a heavy Emtth
we«t s&Ie, the decklcad lashings snapped and
the decklr*ad of lumbf-r. wna washed over
board. The. steerlne gear was damaged and
the. clearing of the wreckage waa a terrible
tflek. The Itainior ninety-eight hours com
inK down from Neah Bay.
The arrival yesterday at Ferr.ar.dlna of the
Belgian steamer Clematis cost the local specu
lators In reinsurance about $7300. that amount
having been placed on. her "not to arrive."
She was forty-five days making the run from
Antwerp ar.d her f.rrival was not expected.
She was quoted at 40 per cent. What makes
the blow harder for those that contributed
the $7500 la the fact that cioet of them In
vested when the rale was \0 per cent and
iniesed the chance to set better than three to
one for their money by selling out when the
r;ite readied 40 per -cent. The British bark
Lamorna, v.hich left Tacoma twenty-four days
ago for Queenstown, was -quoted yesterday at
45 per- cent. The reason for this was the
finding a few days agro of some wreckage and
a bundle of letters belonging to the mate of the
vessel. .
A New Whaling Schooner.
Captain MoKcnno, who formerly command
ed the whaler Fearless, which was lost In
the Arctic seme years zgq, is ftttlne out the
schooner Charles Hansen for a whaling cruise
When the Hanren leaves here she will carry
a gasoline engine for the schooner Altalr'
which Is already -In the north. The whalinrr
steamer Hermann, formerly the missionary
ship JdcrniiiK Star; the Gayhead and the
Alexander are all ready for sea. When they
get away the schooner Monterey will be the
only whaler .left in port 1 and she will follow
very shortly. The Gayhead will go direct
to the Arctic instead ot making the usual
preliminary cruise through the South Seas
and to the coast of Japan.
SHIP COUNTY OF KINROFS. W'HIOH
WAS THRF.E WEEKS HOUNDING
THE HORN.
TIm» and Height of Hl?h and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Tubliehed by official authority of the.
Superintendent.
NOTE — The hlch and low wateT« occur »t
ttV city front (Mission-street wharf )• about 25
minutes later tl<3n at Fort Point: the height
or tld«» is the same at boCh places^ '
WEDNESDAY. MARCH 23. _
Sun rl.-es , 6:00
Sun sets «:2t
Moon sets 0:00 a. m.
5 iTtme (Time ITime Time
* I Ft. Ft. I Ft. Ft.
* |H W |L W |H W L W
23 I 3:C2* 5.2iloTr.3 5:02 3.0! »:W| 2.3
2* I J:OJ fl.ljll:i:i 0.5) U:17 4.0|U:12| 3.0
2r. 15:07 5.lil2:17 0.417:22 4.31 1
JL W| |H W |L W |II W|
2fl 0:271 2.9i t£22 - 5.11 1:1S 0.2; 8:20! 4.6
27 I l:XSi 2.CI 7:37 5.3| 2:131 0.21 »:07l 5.O
28 I 2:.'U| 2.0 »:4."» Ei.4 :i:02 0.2| i>:S0 5.:t
29 | 3:27| 1.6! f ->-l<> r >-5i 3:&4| 0.3|10:30| 5.5
NOTE — In the above exposition Of the tides
the early morninu ti ies are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In thi order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth timo column Rives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but thrte tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to th» soundincs of the 4 United States
Oaat Survey charts, except when a minus (— )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
eivtrn is subtracted from the depth siren by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low wp.ters.
\ Stato of Innocence
A question of the wisdom of too-early
Bible teaching was brought forcibly- to
a mother's mind. She arrived home
one afternoon to hr.d the house in con
fusion. All of her palms and pottei
plants, of which she had many, had
been removed to the nursery and ar
ranged in a semicircle on thp floor. In
the midst of this improvised grove sat
her son and daughter clad in airy
nothing.
"We are Adam and Kve in the garden
of Eden," they explained.
"And I," added the youngest hopeful,
appearing: around the .corner, his sol"
raiment kls father's silk hat. "I din
God, 'walking in the garden in the cool
of the evening!' "— Lippincotts.
.». .»_
Among .the passengers that arrived
here yesterday on the steamship City of
Sydney were three sailor men that were
driven from their floating home by
flames during a December gale and
withj their shipmates reached a storm
swept South Atlantic island after a
thrilling twelve-hour ride in small
boats. The fire-blasted ship was the
Clarencp S. Bement, and those of her
company that reached here yesterday
were Cantain G. G. Grant. First Mate
R. R. Grlndley and Carpenter J. B.
Truby.
The Clarence S. Bement was owned
by George W. Hume of this city, but
Captain Grant is a New Yorker and is
now on his way home. The Bement
left Philadelphia August 16 and New
port News September 22, bound for this
port and loaded to her full capacity
with a cargo of Baltimore coal. It was
at noon of December 22, while the ves
sel was in the clutches of a fierce
northwester, that Captain Grant dis
covered his ship on fire. Daily tests had
been made of the temperature of the
cargo, but the thermometer, even after
the flames had eaten a way through
the decks, told no tale of unusual heat.
The tests had bee^h made near the
hatches, where coal usually heats first.
fn the case of the Bement, however,
conditions were reversed. Before the
warning smoke appeared the flame3
had eaten their way through a wooden
bulkhead and- crept upward to the deck,
which was all ablaze within a few min
utes after the first smoke was seen.
Fighting the fire with water was out
of the question. The vessel already had
all the weight she could carry, and
Captain Grant decided that the only
hope of saving the lives under his care
was to run for the nearest land, which
was Care St. John of the Falkland
Islands and about eighty miles south
of the Bement's position. Sail was
crowded on, and while the ship tore her
way through the angry waters those on
board did their best to hold the names
in check by smothering.
By 4 o'clock, however, the blaze shot
through the ventilator hatch in the
midship house, and the flames took full
charge of the ship. The boats were pro
visioned, supplies sufficient to last for
some weeks beJns put aboard. The
sails were cut adrift, and when the ves
sel rounded to both anchors were let
go, finding holding bottom in twenty
five fathoms of water. The boats were
launched and Captain Grand and his
24 officers and men pulled away from
their blazing home. . As they pulled
away from the ship's side the flames
shot aloft, lighting the ocean for miles
around. Closely reefed sail was hoisted
on the boats, but before they lost sight
of the Clement her stout steel masts
had melted at the base and toppled into
the seething furnace, which now
glowed in the iron shell.
The boats reached Fox Island twelve
hours later. A high surf made landing
difficult. The second mate's boat was
smashed to atoms, but the whole com
pany got safely ashore and were cared
for by a hospitable Scot, who had
chosen that remote end of the earth
for a sheep ranch. A mail schooner
took all but the Captain's Japanese
steward to Port Stanley. The steward
remained on the sheep ranch to cook
for the Scot. From Port Stanley the
shipless Bailors were carried Jo Monte
video, where the United States Consul
took charge of the sailors. Before leav
ing*Port Stanley Captain Grant cliirfbed
a mountain and through his binoculars
took a farewell glance at his ship.
Without a apar standing and with
6moke rising from her hold the hull of
the Clarence S. Bement was still riding
at her anchors, and will probably ride
there until some well-equipped hurri
cane comes along and wipes her out.
From Montevideo Captain Grant,
with his mate and carpenter, took
steamer for Valparaiso. Prom there
they went to Panama, where they
joined the City of Sydney. \
The City of Sydney brought up 1106
tons of cargo, treasure valued at $1680
and thirty-one passengers. Among the
latter were the following named: v
James Yocom, Mls« Alice M. Brooks. Dr
Charles A. Stephens. Charles Zavala, M. o".
Agulrre, R. H. Bender, Mrs. R. H. , Bender
David Bendei.' Miss Frances Bender, L. -A
Bertellngr. Mrs. - L. A. Bertelin*, Mr»." Alice
M. de Ulloa. Miss Ida de Ulloa. Miss Eva de
Ulloa. W. C. Hamberger. J. F.Farrell. Rafael
Pill!. Choy Sim. Heinrich Lullmann, Freder
ick Plep. Mrs. Bridget Green. Miss - Kate
Qram, Mrs. M. A. Hall, Miss Haifa ret Hall,'
Excavations at Vesuvius.
The most recent excavation shows
that Vesuvius began Its work as a con
servator of antiquity earlier than .the
memorable year A. D. 79. During the
excavations in the valley of the Sarno.
near San Marzano, some most interest
ing antiquities have come to light.
These had been covered up by a vol
canic deposit about six feet thick,
which points to an eruption of Vesu
vius which must have taken place in
the seventh century before Christ. The
relics include a Greek burying place,
archaic Italian tombs and various
bronzes and terra cottas. — New York
Tribune.
Stmr Gipsy... I.eland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr Montara, Rellly. S»atth».
Bark Palmyra. Pettersen. Anacor»»9.
Schr John A, Olsen. Kur«>\a.
BCT-'ND IN.
?.Iar 22, 12 p m — Stmr Senator, from Vic
toria. B. C. etc. %
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT 1XJBOS. March 21". 10 p. ra.— Weather
clouily; wind SW. ; velocity 12 miles per hour.
SPOKEN.
Mar 3 — In lat -t S. Ions 31 W. Gfp bark Ma
rie Haekfeld, rrpm Bremen, for- Honolulu.
Mar i— In lat 1 S. lens 29 W. Fr bark
Grande Duchewe Oisra. from Portland, for
Queenstown.
DOMESTIC POUTS
PEATTlyE — Arrived liar 22— Stmr Al Ki.
from Skosway.
Sailed Mar 22 — Rtmr Dolphin, for Skagway;
etmr Centennial, for Kan Francisco.
FORT LOS A XGELES— Sailed Mar 22— Stmr
Mansfield, for San Francisco.
REDONDO— Sailed Mar 22— Schr W. F.
Jewett, for Tacoma: Mmr Marshfield, for San
Francisco.
Arrived Mar 22— Schr W. K. Smith, from
Port Arselcn.
Sailed Mar 22— Schr Oakland, for San Fran
'SOUTH BEND— Arrived Mar 21— Schr Cnal
lcnser. hence Mar IS. '
TATOOSH— Passed Mar 21— Bark St. James,
from Honolulu, for Easle Harbor.
Paswd out Mar 22 — >:or «tmr Tellus. from
Ladysmith. tor San Frarclsco.
. NEAH BAY — Passed out Mar 22 — Br stmr
Empress of India, for Hongkong-
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Mar 22— Bark
St. .Tarmss from Honolulu.'' \
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Mar 22— Schr Ma
nila, from Everett; *chr Fearless, from Fair
haven: nchr Emma Claudlna. from Eureka.
Sailed Mar 22— Schr O. M. KellogR. for Eu
reha. ' :
Sailed Mar 22— S*hr J. M. Colman. for .
PORT. HARFORD — Sailed Mar 22— Stmr
Coos Bay, for San Francisco.
PORT HADLOCK— Sailed Mar 22— Schr
Transit, for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— Arrived Mar 22— Stmr Alliance,
from Coc« Bay.
JUNEAU — Sailed Mar 22. 3 a m — Stmr Cot
tage City, for * Seattle.
- GRAYS HARBOR — Arrived Mar 22 — Schr
Charle* R. Wilson, hence Mar IS; schr Comet,
from Sp.n Pedro.
ABERDEEN— Arrived Mar 22— Schr Comet,
frcm San Pedro; schr Charles R. Wilson,
hence Mar 16.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Arrived Mar 21— Fr ehip As
nieree. from Cardiff. i
EASTERN PORTS.
REEDY ISLAND— Passed Mar 21— Ship Dir-
Igo,. from Philadelphia, for New York.
FOREIGN PORTS.
CALETA BUEN A— Sailed Feb 24— Br bark
Pltealrn' Island, .for S«n Franelwo.
LONDON— Arrived Mar 21— Br ship Black
braes. *ence Oct 11.
HAMBURG— Sall-d Mar 1*— Cer bark Barm
bek, for Santa Reaalia.
CORONEL — Arrlvtd Mar 20~Stmr Callfor
nian. from New .Tork, and sailed for San
Francisco.
FA LMOUTH— Passed Mar 21— Fr bark Rene,
from Portland.
YOKOHAMA— Hailed Mar IS — Br stmr Em
press of Janan. far Vancouver.
Pl'NTA ARENAS — Sailed Mar 7 — Ger stmr
Abydot". for Hamburg.
QHEENSTOWN- Palled Mar 2O— Br ship
Leicester Castle, for Dublin. Mar 3L — Nor
bark Vlvax, for Glasgow.
LIVERPOOL— In port Mar 12— Br 9tmr Cal
chas, for China and Japan and Vancouver. ¦
HULL— In port Feb 23— Fr bark Anjou, for
Swansea and San Francisco.
HONGKONG — Sailed Feb 31— Br stmr Lo
thian, for Moll. •
NEWCASTLE. ACS.- Sailed Mar 21— Ship
St. David, for San Francisco.
VICTORIA— Sailed Mar 22— Br stmr Em
pm» of India, for Honglconjr.
VICTORIA; B. C— Mar 22— Br stmr Queen
City, overdue from Skagway. arrived at Quat
sino Sound with tail shaft- broken.
IPSWICH— Arrived Mar 21— Br bark Peter
Iredale. henc« Oct 27: Fr bark Amlral Cour
bet, hence Oct 23, not previously.
L.UNDY ISLE — Passed Mar 20 — Fr bark
Marguerite Mlrabaud, hence Nov 15, for Sharp
ness. " • V
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Mar .22— Stmr Mesaba. from
London and Southampton.' passed Nantucket
lightship at 11:30 a m; stmr Lijnirla.\from Ge
noa and Naples, passed Nantucket lightship at
NEW' YORK— Sailed Mar 22— Stmr Kron
Prlna Wllhelm. for Plymouth.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Mar 22— Stmr Sylva-,
nia, for Boston, via Queenstown.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Mar 22— Stmr
Western Land, from Liverpool. ,-
GENOA — Sailed Mar 21 — Stmr Sleilla,* for
New York.
NAPLES — Sailed Mar 19 — Stmr Cltta dl Na
poll, for Xew-York.
BREMEN— Sailed Mar 22— Strar Prinxess
Alice, for New Yorlc. via Cherbourg.
LEGHORN— Returned Mar 22— Stmr Alge
ria, from Naples, for New York.
AUCKLAND — Arrived previously— Stmr Si
erra, from San Francleco. via Honolulu, for
Sydney, N. S. W. .•
Valuable Discovery Accidental.
Cheap commercial- acetjiene gas was
discovered by accident, according to
Harper's Weekly. Willson, a scientific
experimenter, believed that nearly all
metallic oxides cc-uld be reduced to a
metallic state by heating them to an
extremely high temperature by the
voltaic arc in the presence of free car
bon. Aluminum has been success
fully reduced in this way. Mr. Will
son wished to obtain metallic calcium.
He therefore mixed a quantity of
quicklime with pulverized coke and
brought the mixture to a high tem
perature by the action of the voltaic
arc. He expected to obtain a white
metal, but instead he appeared to pro
duce nothing but slag. This was
thrown into the yard and one day at
noon, while the boys were having their
luncheon, they picked up these bits
of slag and threw them at each other.
One p'ece fell into a pail of water and
produced a bubbling effect and a
strong odor. This attracted Mr. Will-
Fon's attention and upon investigation
he found that the strong smelling gas
was extremely inflammable. Further
investigation revealed that it was pure
acetylene gas.
Kels 1/rom the Nile.
Eels are so highly prized In Ger
many that the supply Js g*»ne.:{U!y
short of the demand .and an enterpris
ing German firm has therefore started
an eeling industry in the lower Nile
delta. . The" industry is centered in
Matarieh-Mensaleh. a station on the
railway, where a large depot has been
established, to which the eels ar*
brought for sale by the fishermen,
who receive for them about 1 cent
each. Before dispatched to Trieste,
.whence they are sent to Hamburg by
rail, the eels are cleaned, rubbed with
salt and packed in casks between lay
ers of ice impregnated .with forma
lin. It is expected- that when the
scheme is in full working order no
less than about sixty tons, or 150,000
eels, will be sent from Alexlndrhi
weekly: — Chicago News.
Captain Grant of the Ill-Fated Ship Clarence S. Bement
Arrives in Port With His Mate and Carpenter on
the Pacific Mail Panama Liner City of Sydney
ABANDON BURNING VESSEL
IN MIDST OF HOWLING GALE
UKAJj KSTATE TRANSACTIONS.
MONDAY. MARCH 21.
D. J. Buckley to Mary A. Tobin. lot on E
1 no of Polk street. 114 :« N of Grove, N 23.
i: 11L':6. S 17:0. W SO, S 5:0 V 82:6, qult
ilatm ceod; Jl.
Lucius L. SofomT'ns to Teresa Be'.l. lot on
-^ line ot gutter street. 137 :tt W ot Octavia,
W 77 :C. K 137:6. E :#:». H 137:0, E 37:3,
S 'SZo; $10.
Tcreaa Hell to J. P. Overton. same; $10.
UMate ot John O*N. Ueis (by J. B. Howell.
• xei-uior) to W. K. Johnson, lot on S line of
ute street. 1U0 E of Buchanan. B 107 :« by
• s 1V0; alto lut on N line of Rose avenue. 100
2- of Buchanan street, E 107 :« by B 17:«>; *83»l.
John ON. and lielle B. Reis to- \\\ Ells
worth Johnson, lot on ? line of Pa«e street,
100 12 o r Buchanan. IZ 107 :« by S 120; $10.
*.ame to fc&xne. lot on S line of Page street.
M»*B of Uuchanan, E 107:«i by S 137:0, quU
«..-¦: deed; S10.
Jusejh It. and Cornelia T. Ryland to same,
lot oa S line of Pa*e etreet, 207:0 E of
but'^anan, ii SO by S 120; $10.
S*me to same, jot on S line of Paje street,
207 :« E of Buchanan. U SO by S 137:6, quit
clcSm de*d; fltt.
Ajnfs S. 23cAuliffe to James M. Patrick.
lot on S\V corner of Oat and Klllmore etrettn,
5 Vu by W 110; S10
James H. and Kllie V. Manor to IJpl^na
>^a<-k (wife of T. J.). lot on S line of Vallrjo
«t!e*t. 1€5 E of Scott, E 27:0 by S 137 :«; $U>.
Ifsljih B. and Elizabeth G. Klttredse to
¦\\iUiaai P. Fllmer. lot on \V line qf Scott
str.-t. l."7:<; S of Full.jn. S \V 137:6. N
Jc::S. Xiv :i», N »:". E US. and ail Interest in
U'«nen Addition block 44s ; $10.
Thomas (alias Thomae J-> "»nd Hanorah
• Ali«* Kanora) Crawford to Giovanni BiRnoUi.
lot on N line of Geary street, S7:»J VV of Scott.
W *::. by N i.tt:«; fio.
Barnes T. lVnshuc- to Anna A. Oadock, lit
0-1 E line of Broo>ri'-k street. 127:« l « N of
Sc'-ramcnto. N 27:8 ! ,« by E 110; 5H».
1'nOerick P. and I»retta «.>nlP9 to Danlf!
3. Sbef-han. let on S Jine <>f I'lay ctreet, 110
E of T5r.K5crirk. E 27:6 by S ir7:SH: $10.
IYeO«(lek Forti-ann to California Title Ib
tmsoe and Trust Company, undivided 1-7 or
l:t on XE corner of Fell and Brtxierlck (tfCCta.
E 2"»;:3 by K«27S; $10.
Oeor^f Portmann to eame. undivided 1-7 of
same; fio.
Henry F. Konmann to same, undivided 1-7
of nmc, f!0.
Ar.tia Hr«chrprting (Fort man n> to same, un
<31v>d..l \-Z of wime; $10.
Mt>th:!^a Ora»h»r iFortmunn) to same, un
divided 1-7 of same; $1O.
Jibanna Parislua iKnrtmsnn) to saifle, • un
c;»io<d 1-7 ol name; $1".
I)'-rotl:fa I)e«-brock «Fortm«nn) to same, un-
1-7 of same; S10.
William A. and Grure G. LAnge to Florence
G. Bu*b. .lot on S line of Frederick street.
lPJfi \\ r,f WSUard. ¦ 137:6 \V *fl:4. N'E to
Kr»-lerick, E o4:f; $10.
Kl!a P and llolvrt M'F. Dofcte to Lir.i« B.
Ij'.iontha!. lot on XW corner of Jackson nnri
Cberry streets W 29:9. N " 100:9. K 20, S
10" :& : J10.
Karr>t 'alias Hatt!») Belford to '"athrrinA
Kslvor, jot on W line of Valencia street.
£SL' ¦« K of Sixt«entb. K V* by \V 90; also M
no K !m» ot Bryant "stre»t. 1JW N of Twentj -
ftfth. N 7< I v \V Knt; JE2.'0rt.
rhcries P.ix t" J"hn <; Hoyt. Mock biundei
by N'lnth. Brcnnin an-1 Onmol streets, quit
claim <5ee-3 ?10.
Th^tna* Philbin to Bridget A. Phlll-in. re
r»c^r<1 19il D. 4T>. lit on S 5 line of Porlsnd
street. 224:4 E of Polpves, E W>:R by S Hj;
R»rrar1 and Brrtha M. P. N»yt to Joseph ]
TCaj'htal^v lot on V»' line of HsraiAhire street, i
145 N of Twertj -third. N 2S by W 100; 114
ChRrifs <». f.A Minrle A. f?mith to rornellus
Gai!«ch*r. 'ii on S line of «"!tj>r>er street. 1;-{!S
W of N<^. VJ' 2S by H 114: 110.
TTioira* J. «r,d EIir»h»>th Hnnavan to John
¦ J. snrt Man' Murphy, let OB N 3ine of Twnilv- i
r'.xth ftr«>t. 12^.10 W of rartrn. \V 22:10 l-y j
T» 114. -Jtiiflaim <Jee.1; $1.
George E. «n<J Jtnnle T. Plummer to sani". i
MTOO; fl.
J'jtia A. A. T. l">-jfr to John I>uff. lot on S
line of Spv^r.teemh street. H*» K of Utam<-.nd. !
E H bjF B 75; cift.
<"harle« and Emille Bach to <"harle? Bach
•~<trr«ny. lot on K line of Stockton street,
R 1 N of Francisco. N :<? by K 1^3 :K. ar.d
ncht •>' way over lot on K line of Stockton
street 111:3 S of B.->y. B 41 by B ot:«: flft.
N>t::* Oark to Micha* I T. Shannon, lot aa
K line of FranrtFr>.> str»>ct. lft."> \V of Inir-ont.
W :U' hv 5 7O; $lf».
Thi>n:»f <5. KInirs!«n1 to Margaret A. Klnss
lfin.l. l.it r-n N\V Irne or Fnlyorj street. 87:6
PW of Third BW 50 by XW 137 :«: $10.
I^avira K. Isaa^ and Kilr-nheth H. Smith to
P.tith <I. <;an<rtK'!. I"t on W lir« of Sixth »\-e
tl'J*. |<Q N ''f I>«ke Ktr^-t. N •"•* by W 120; $10
K. B. and Raima R, Hallett." W. S. and
V>>^ta L.. Gw to l>r:>.. i K. Nordman (wife of
Lend), let on B line of Fixth nvenue. XhO P of
I.-.kp str«>t, P C"i by E 120; HO.
Fredf-Hck and Ullie Wa^nrr to Solomon C,<>tz.
Jot on K line of Eleventh averme, 2.VJ N ot
Toint Unbcs. N 2Tt by K 12t<; $10.
Osc.'.r Heymar. to Jr Fiah Erwick. lot on N line
Ot P<jint Uotona wv^nuc. 12O:J> E of Sixteenth, E
4:3. N 100. W If). N ISO. W 50:1, S lo Mpin
nir.p; HO.
t^orpe W. Huphes to O»^>nre I. Lanny. lot
on K line of Twrr«y-six;h avr-nue, ."!25 S of
Toint Iy-boc. S 25 by E 120: $10.
Bay District !^.nd Company to Adolph G.
s.rs.1 ECatjf K. Trofz. lot en E line of Fourth
avenue, :;.*> S ol H str^-t. S 2." by K 00; $10.
Wiliam O. and Valtrr O. Pffrpori to Olga
VVr.»l. lot on V\' lin«> of Tenth avenue, 275 S
uT II Ftrwt. B C." by W V2(': $».
William and Marsatvth.T J. K<- r.:e to Fanny
j:. Tit man (wife oC John U.). lot on XE cor
uer -if Fifth avenu*- and Hupo street, N 50 by ;
E 86; *10.
'"hristian and Maria Wj«liher to Os»car Hejf
l.ian. iot on W line of Forty-s-lrth avenue. 150
N Ot J nr«t, X 2T. by W 120: $10.
<»F<ar H<-yn:an to Justitia J. C Glennie. '
(--mr: $lo.
nr.l|>h and Florence C. Thcrbus to William
| !'. Carter, lot on S line of J street, 120 E of
}">>My-nimh avenue. E 47:<i hy S t>7:6: $10. i
V.'illiam I*, barter to Florence <". Thorbus,
Ii t <>n Si line of J street. 120 E of Forty-ninth
avenue. E 47:*; by S S7:«; $1.
MarKar<>t E. Gallivan to l^uiso Maret, let :
"n E i:ne of Thirti v <»nth avenue. 125 X of X
rtreet. X 2S by E 120^J10.
C B. Gilson to Mary E. Cronln. lots 8 and
9 and ?<•. block 8. Tract A, People' s Home-
Etesd; tv>.
r-'»i;lman L. and Rebecca A. Mapee to Henry
arid Minme \*. Vourig. lot on \V line cf Trfat
• vt-nut, 475 S of I'recita. S M by W 105. I're
c:ra \ai!*-y lots 14:! and 144; $10.
Homer S. »nJ Mlttie B. King to McCarthy
CTntniMlijT ia >. oii-oration). lute 13 to 2t>. bicck «, J
Lakevicw; $10.
McCarthy Company to George and Annie
Graham, lots 17 to 2'>, block <J. same; J10.
Andrew and Sophie X. or Sofie K. Andei- :
eer to V. U. Jordan Comtany. lot on W line
cf Anderson street. UiO K of Old Hlekory. X !
J(«> by \V 70. lot? 174, 17fl. 178 and ISO elf: !
niap 2; $K'.
'•.'•¦•ilia in A. and Henrietta A. Rasmuss«en to ,
J. J. Rauor. lot 2<>. block :{. City Land As- :
cociatfen; $10.
Stanford Addition I^nd Company to John ;
D. McCarthy, lots ::« to V.) block 130, Sunny- ,
Fid- Addition Nc. I; $10.
Xils p. and Emma C Xilson to Mae Young i
• wjfe of KJ. lot on X line of E'.lx.- '
.-.r^-th street, 275 W of Douglass. W 25 by K !
114. 1 t 11.-5. Iloymu Tract; $J0.
Willlarn and Arni-s Q. Mnnn to Frank A. I
JUbertr lot on i?E line of Oh?r.ery street. !
T^MC XE of Fairmount. XE T,2Xi E 7O.7S. S
60, '.V >-T.27, lot 2. Mock is. Fairmount: $10.
lrank A. ilobrrts ta Emma L. Rcbtrts.
tarr.r; $10. •
M&s.:r.ir Ctemetery AsMK-iatlon to CO.
fcwif.g, lot in cemetery; $225.
TT'ICFDAT. MAHCH 22.'
P. K. and Mary A. Bowles to E. A. H^-ron j
and Jl. T. Holcomb. lot on X line of Turlt ;
rtrert, 127 :« E cf Polk. E C8:9 by H 137 :«; I
M:ron T. and Marion B. Ilolcomb and E. A. !
and Elizabeth D. Heron to G Mlgliavacca In- '
cestBMXt Company, same; $ii>.
Henry and Charlott» l!chr to P. S«e*»d Jot I
on W line of Polk street. 30 S of O'Farrell !
F SO by W 97 :C; $1O.
City and County of Sen Frar.clsco to Charles !
Carroll, lot on X line of Grove rtrret C»-(j B !
of Webster. E 25 by H 120, \V 10:0 S S8 W I
14 :(\. S «: . - ; .*-.".j
Kredf-rifca. Langrrmann (wife of C. F. A) to
Esther Cohn. lot on S line of Turk street*! £8 -9
W of Steiner. W by K i:i7:C; $lu. '
Jtachel M. K. Jacob and Eva. Guxsie and I
H«-nry Wolfsohn to Mark Wolfsobn lot on S !
line of Pine strert. 11S:9 W of Baker W °5 bv
S 3u7:C; $10. ' y
Catherine A. Kinrcad to Jacob E. and Hattie I
K. Bosshcrt, lot on S line of Hayes street 31 -3
C of Ceniral avenue. K 25 by S 1(»- $10 ' !
Mar}" Ee'.I to William H. and Edwin C Bell '
«nd Mary K House, lot on W line o r Lyon '
Btrt-et, 107:6 S of Bush. S '•'.[> by W 08:9; Rift.
City and County of San Francisco to Henry
n«chw«>Iler lot on W line of Guerrero street
40 X of Fourteenth. |> 41:10. W C6. S to point
f 1 :5 AV of Guerrero, E to beginning; .
James and I'.zry Smith to Margaret J.
Sralth. lot on SE corner of N'oe and Cumber
land streets. E 105 by S 23; $10.
Hibrmia Savlnss and Loan Society to Ernest
Medlrj-, lot on X line of Twenty-firit street.
S73 E of Castro. E 25 by N 114; $800.
Daniel B. LJbby to Ausrusta M. U. I,ibby,
lot on S. line of Twenty-flfth street, 176:3 E
of Sanchez, E 25 by S 114; also lot on SW
corner of Twenty-eighth street and E line of
Railroad avenue. PE 142, gW 200. N'W 85:6. N
SOttU. Kay View Homestead 518. gultclalm
.<J«d; «.
Eliza Welfh to Belinda Xewson. lot on NE
<•• m*-r of Jficf-y otid Douelasii «reeta, X 04
by K IZZ; flO.
EFtate cf 3s.ir.et Gorcvan *by Leurnan S
Pierce. A-ecutor) to A. J. Rich, lot on E line
ft Stockton Ftreet, 3« s of Sutter, S 20 by E
fcO; JP'O.WXt.
A. J. Rich to Uahr Sbeideman. same; $10.
I^«tate of Mar^aretha Eieenhauer <by Katie
Simpson and Marearetha Dolliver. f-xeeutorc)
to John M. Klein, lot on S line of Clay street*
4»:O W of Mason, XV 33 by 8 6fe- $500
John and Mary E. Klein to Franklin P
Fnapjj, same; $10.
Edward C. and Mary E. Hughe, to John
Laird, lot on S line of Clay street, 187 •« e
of L#t avenworth. E 27:6 by S 114; $10.
City Street Improvement Company to Victor
J. GuinasHO and Johanna Devoto. lot on X
line of Xorth Point. 137:6 E of 7,arkin street.
E :U) by X 127 :C; $10. street.
James and Jennie B. Robertson (Scott) to
William H. Winn, lot on E line of Vermont
ftreet, 125 N of Twenty-fifth. N 25 by E 100;
Mary A. MacDccald <*rlfe of Benjamin IO
King Kd ward's Many Togs.
King Edward of England has a re
markably large stock of clothes, and
it is seldom that the King, when on
the Continent is seen wearing the same
suit twice. The King never assumes
fewer than three suits of clothes every
day. When he arises he puts on an
easy fitting lounge suit of black, navy
blue or dark mixture. Later, if he is
going to shoot, he dons a brown tweed
sporting costume, with his favorite Ty
rolean hat and feather. If he has been
subjected to any great exertion during
an outing he undergoes on his return
a system of massage and then dresses
for dinner.
If his Majesty made it a rule never
to wear the same suit twice, a simple
calculation shows that he would re
quire no fewer than 1095 suits in the
course of a year, whfch would bring
up his tailor's bill to about 555,000 a
year.
The King undoubtedly has the larg
est wardrobe of all the monarchs in
the world. At Windsor, Buckingham
Palace and Sandringham the King has
a total of about 200 suits of all kinds,
besides nearly a hundred hats and caps.
He hap, moreover, a splendid collection
of fur lined overcoats. For mornings
in the week the King at present favors
trousers of a pattern with a thin ver
tical stripe and a white' vest. The slip
which he lately made fashionable hns
been discarded. He also likes velvet
collars on overcoats.
To sum up, the Kiner orders about
thirty suits in the course of the year. —
New York Commercial.
Emigration from Italy.
Those who follow Italian affairs are
perfectly astonished at tljPyStatistlcs of
emigration. In 1869, what was consid
ered the immense number of 119,000 men
left their native country, the emigrants
oscillating between that and 135,000 up
to 1881, until in 1S87 thosenombers were
215,000, rising to 290,000 the. very next
year. Arrived at this figure, it seemed
as though the maximum must have
been reached and that the numbers
would decline; but instead, in 1891. there
was another rise to 293,000, maintained
for three consecutive seasons, the cen
tury closing with the enormous num
ber of 352,000 emigrants; but even that
was not the consummation, as, in 1901,
they were 532,000. Thus, in the first
two years of this century Italy sent
over 1,000,000 souls to other countries
to enlarge there the already numerous
Italian colonies. The largest contingent
of permanent emigration comes from
the center and the south of the penin
sula, while temporary emigrants us
ually go from the north, and are in
the greater part agriculturists, peas
ants, stonemasons and bricklayers.
When one takes into consideration the
fact that Itals* is obliged to import
yearly from 8.000,000 to 10.000.000 quin
tals of grain to feed the nation while
her workers are leaving the country in
such numbers, the only conclusion ia
that there is something seriously wrong
somewhere. — Pall Mai! Gazette.
N S n R Sa. 93 t- istkn C&Etfs. — —
0 r, L.&11 5s. icy — i u g & e 3s. — loe
O W gtd 5s. — — I
V WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 35 ."H> [Port Costa...— —
Marin Co... — 62^13 V Wat Co. SOU 39ti
OAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. — 3S!S F G A a K>U —
Mutual K I,, in, 10'- i SUn G tc. E. 5 —
Pac L Co.. 55H — (U O * ET. 2IH 32V4
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
S F G & E. — — |
INSURAN'Ca.
Firem'i Fnd.310 343 |
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk. — 125 | U P & A...132H —
Anglo-Cal .. — oo (Mer Trust.... — 225
Bank of Cal. — 425 | Merch Ex.... — —
Cal Safe Dp. — 15O |S p Nationl. — —
J irst Nationl — — |
SAVINGS BANKft
Ger S & L. — 2300 jSav & L So. — 100 I
Hum S & L. — — ; gee Sav Bk. — 450
Mutual Sav.100 — |Unlon T Co.. — :,— X
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — MO | Presidio — 41
I POWDER
Giant 604 eimVijcorit 4?4 4 T J
SUGAR.
liana P Co. — Sir c | Kilauea S C. Z'' 9 —
Hawaiian C. 47ift — .-Makawrij c. 21 22
llonokaa 9 C 12^ 12'"SiC>nomea S c\ 21 271^
; itutch S P C 8% 9 IPaauhau S C. 1J 111*
I MISCELLANEOUS.
i Alaska P A.14O»; — (Oceanic S Co. 4 4«t
i «*al F O &. fwi 100 I Pac Aux FA. 5U —
: fa I Wine A. JK»4 JM^jlac C oBrx. — 16S
MV4 MtTm.100 — I
Morning Session.
Board —
40 Hawaiian Com! & Sugar 47 12Vfc
loo Vignrit Powder -... 4 75
S&490O Bprtas Val -la <2d mtge) 99 tt>
fl.CCO Spring Val 49 <2d mtg«>. a 5.. 99 00
Afternoon Session.
Hoard —
25 Alaska Packers' Association. ..140 75
50 Hawaiian Com! & Sugar 47 25
: 40 S F Gas &. Electric !W» !W>
20 S F Gas & Electric R» 25
10 Spring Valley Water Co 89 23
?•"..fifto Market-*t Ry 1st con 5s 115 0»>
$».»«••<> Ni rth Shore R R 5 per cent #> 00
$.\0tO Spring Val 4s (2>1 mtge) 90 00
Street —
$5,000 Pacific Electric Ry 5 p«r cent.105 75
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
ni.t.V.k. 1 Bi-t A*k,
Bay CPC 6*. W - fS P Co 4H'- 9* 99
1 B L Wat rts.lCO — I Sun Tel 6*.. 113 —
i Cal NW 5a.. Ill*; — I Do 5b 102»4 —
SF Pr<lk 5s — 113l&!Suttr-at RSs.lOft .113
PF * NP r.s.MlU — |t r n of SP 4». - 80?£
¦ s r c r 1*. — 100 1
j aascELZjunsoca stocks.*
I Ala S Co 23 25^, I Mat Nav Co. «O S"»
Cal Cot MB*-— 95 | Nev Nat Bk.lW 2C3
|C *ock»y Cl 90 120 |N 8 R R... »t; _
' Cal Powder. - 15ft | N Cal P Co. lot, —
I Ca! Ship Co. 15 3f» loak Bk Sav.ll2H —
Cal T I & T. — 13S I oak T Con.. 75 —
Cen Bk. Oak IRT, — (IOOF Hall A. 6 —
Ctt» & C Bk. — 112 lOrpheum Co. 12 1»
East Dynm.iriO 2.V> j Pac 8 Tel...lCOH —
DpntPwd pM «<> — (Paraf Patnt. 39 —
Do com . . #» — I S F Drydock, 80 —
FN Bk Oak. 120 — ISFASJ Coal. 20 —
! Fischer Thtr 1% 154'S J Wat Co. — l"fl
I Frnrh-A Hk.inS 110 ISO & MTgbt — 165
Gaa Con \. 19«>, 21 I Swiss- A Bk.113 —
Hon P Co.. 12«* ismi'R InC pfd. 44 —
Lon& SF Bk •— 60 I Do com .. 9 —
Morning Se?aion.
Rnard—
$."i,CPO Upitcd R R of S F 4 per e*nt.. 79 87«i
Afternoon Session.
Board —
$.1,000 I'nited R R of S F 4 per cent.. SO 00
Street —
$fi,CO0 United R R of S F i per cent.. SO CO
California Stockand Oil Exchange
'• Oil St.-K-k — BW. Asked.
i Associated Trust Certificates. 20 23
I Aztec- SO
I Chicago Crude 2*
i Clareniont GO ....
j Four f"» 70
Fclton 1 f>0 ....
I Giant : to
I Hanford 1«5 Oft 173 00
Horn* 157ii lt"2'i
, Imperial . — :... .... * IS 0«»
I Independence IS 2O
Junction 13 ....
K-rn 5 124 ft S3
Kern River 13 OO
Lion 01
I Monarch <of Arlxona) 41 42
> Mont* Crlsto 75 JtO
I Occidental of W Va 11
I Oil City Petroleum 3D
! Peerless 14 00
i Reed Cru<b 1 33 ....
I Senator 65
j Sovereign -43 ....
Sterling 2 7X
'superior 03
! Thirty -three 5 00 7 5O
Toltec 1»
.Twenty-eight , 5 2.1 ...»
i W«t Shore 2 50
! As^cciatrd Bonds 78 ;* :79 -.'_
I Misoellaneous —
j Abhy Ijjnd & Imp 1 2O 1 40
! Fischer's Theater 125
Northern Cal Power 10 5»»
Sanitary Reduction Works.. 1 70 1 95
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board—
1 1000 Men 02
1 100 Monarch 40
15 Sterling 2 «."»
5O Sanitary 1 "<>
lOeO Independence, b JO 2t>
Street —
2500 Independence 10
Afternoon Session.
Board —
230 Homo 1 37'j
I yiCOO United Railroad 4s SO Co
I Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on ttv» San Fran-
Cisco Stock anil Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Se«.«lon.
20O Andes »» . 4»T ICO Ophlr 4 01
! SCO Belcher \ 2ii 10O Ophir 4 IK»
I 4C0 Belcher 20! ICO Overman ..... 2«f
I 2OO Caledonia ...12IU 100 Potosl 2*
! ICO Chollar • 221 2<:0 Savage 63
r4(«ChoHar 21J100O Scorpion ..... '€¦<»
! 400 Con C & Va.l S0| 7C0 Stg Belcher.. 10
j i::oi> Con Imperial. 021 500 Sierra Nev . . B5
I 100 Crown Point. 2(H 600 I'nion Con . . S I
5CO Gould & Cur. 441 wo l"iab 21
I 400 Mexican t 00 1 2CH> Yellow Jacket 37
j 150 Ophir 5 00|
i j Afternoon Session.
I 200 Andes'. 4«; 300 Mexican 1 OO
f 2"H) Belcher 251 100 Savage «l
! €T0 Caledonia ...1201 :W0 Sierra Nev .. r»
' 500 Chollar 21! 2C« L'nion Con .. «c:
I COO Con C A Va.l SO: ICO Yellow Jacket S«
: 5CO Con Imperial. C2|
¦ PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
i Following were the, sales .'on the Paciflo
[Stock Exchangp' yesterday: '
: Mcrnlng Pension.
! 10O Belcher 2CJ 100 Savage ...... tO
30O Caledonia .1 22m 100 Sierra Nev .. trt
150 Con C A Va.l 751 SCO Sierra N»v . . eU
10CO Con Imperial.- C2: 4CO Silver Hill . . CO
j Si:0 Mexican 1 00| ."(.<> Silver Hill .. ffl
¦ 2OO Ophir ... 4 DOt 20O TTnior. Con .. SS
1 1P«> Ophlr 4 05! 4CO Tellow Jacket «8
I ICO Overman 2«|
Afternoon Session.
200 Caledonia ...120| 100 Ophir .4 M
ICO Challenge Con 33! 2C0 Union Con .. JTJ
100 Con C & Va.l «0| 10O Union Con .. 8*
50 Ophlr 5 t>0]
TONOPAH MINLXO EXCHANGE.
1 Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
' - <"" Morning Session.
! 5C0 Cent Eureka. 84 1 2000 Paymaster ... lt>
i 4.» Evelyn M 2C0 Ton Belmont. . 1 1>
i 10O Evelyn 34; ICO Ton Belmont... Kl
; 130O MacNamara . 25JHC0 Ton Midway.. 37
. Afternoon Session"."
1 150 Bunker H111..2 «>| ICO Ton Belmont.. 89
WO Evelyn 34 \ 3CO Ton Belmont.. r.7
I 400 Evrlyn 33! 2CO Ton Belmont.. .'.ft
j 20O Evelyn 32| 10CO Ton Belmont. . 3.'.
J2C0 Mont Ton ..125j 100 Ton Midway.. 87
500 Ton Belmont. e3|100O Ton Midway.. 3C
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. March 22 — I p. m.
Bid. Ask. I Bld.Aak.
'Alpha CO 071 Justice 04 03
Alta 07 C9»Kentuck 02 £j
Anitn 47 4!*!Keyes Graes.. S3 —
Belcher 25 2»tl Lady Wa~b .. — or.
Beat ft Belch.2 35 2 SO! Mexican 1 9O 1 •>.-,
liulllon .. 00 10 Occidental ... 87 so
Caledonia ...1 2O 1 25 Ophir ....4 93 5 0>»
Challenge Con 34 -"Wl Overman 23 2*
Chollar . 20 21 1 Potosl 2fl 2S
Confidence; ...1 CO 1 1P| Savage 60 «;t
Con C & Va.l 80 1 85! Scorpion 07 M
Con Imperial. 02 03|Ser Belcher.. 09 1^
Con NY 03 04!SleTra Nev ..fa 6S
Crown Point. IS 201 Silver Kill -.58 «>
East Sierra N 05 — St Louts .... 10 13
Euraka Con.. 50 — JSyndicate 04 1.1
Exchequer . . 15 . 16| Union Con . . 82 83
Oould & Cur. 43 44!Utahr ¦ 20 21
Hale ft Nore. SS 90| Yellow Jacket S5 ZH
Julia 03 C4f
; TONOPAH MINES.
1 Bid.Aak.| Bld.A«k.
Colehan " — ISi Ray * OBrlen — 07
Eaperanza ... — Oil Rescue .. 0T- c.<»
Cold M Con . . 03 — I Ton Belmont. .85 57
Hannapah M. — 25! Ton Exten .. «2 70
MacNamara . 24 25iTon of NeT..8 50 —
Mont Ton..l 25 1 27ViITon N SUr.. 2B ZO
N Y Ton .... — 02! Ton Midway.. 35
Paymaster ... — 12JTon Superior.. — 13
Ray Exten ... — 13! United Ton ..IS 19
IUi' Ton .... 10 — j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 23, 1904.
13THE SAN FRANCISCO CALLVV/EDNESD AY, MARCH 23, 1904.
14
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
COOK for small sanitarium |f; 0
3 cooks. German -«tyle, little wash »«J»
Housework on ranch *"°
Cook on ranch: will take woman and
chili {-•-
ChamberWork, hospital -«"«
3 nurseglrls. city $20. ••?*¦ f;"
4 second girls ?- 0 - *-;'
DInlr.g-room girl, sanitarium »-"
Chambermaid and waiting . country
hotel *""Vvi
Laundress, private family SSSVtX
2 waitresses, city hotels ••*~* > _ *
40 g-neral housework girls, city and
country $20. $25. $^>
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 3^4 Sutter.
A— WANTED— Girls to learn hairdressin*.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to, -
In 2 weeks: $3 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill Immediately; position* guaran-
teed at $10 per week up: leading school la
West. 233 Geary St.. room 13.
A— GlrU to learn millinery now for spring sea-
son; both efasons tauzhj fron> start to finish
in 1 month for $15: positions as trimmers,
salesladies, etc.. guaranteed at $10 per w_ up;
day and everStng class. 143 Stockton st.. r. !».
A— LADIES to learn all branches hairdressin*
trade, manicuring, massage, etc. 1239 Mar-
ket st. cor. Jones, room 04; positions secured
at highest wages*; day and eve, claaa; call.
WOMEN and girls wanted. Apply Immediate-
ly, California Canneriee Co., Branaan st_,
between Third and Fourth.
PYROORAPHJC artist wanted: atate experi-
ence, references and salary expected; must
be able to do good work quickly. Box 4352.
Call office. *"¦>•'
WANTED— Girt for general housework; good
wages; flat. 1323 Masonic ave.
AN apjjrentiee to learn flrst-class dressmaking 1
paid while learning. 411 Mason st. .
' MANGLE glrlal St. Nicholas Hotel. Ninth, and
Market sts.
WANTED— A flrst-class waist finisher. MME.
H. M. KRAFT. 578 20th St.. Oakland.
WANTED— Girl for general housework; $29
month. 510 Cole st.
WANTED — A competent girt for cooking snl
downstairs work; good wages. Call 8601
Clay et.
COAT finishers wanted; none but first-etas*
hands need apply. 8. N. WOOD A CO.. 27
Geary »t. _
COAT operators wanted to make sleeve* and
linings. S. N. WOOD ft CO.. 27 Geary st.
GIRL to do second work and assist with chil-
. -dren. 718 Stelner st.
FIRST-CLASS makers and apprentices wanted
in millinery store at 692 McAllister st.
A YOUNG German girl for housework; asslat
In delicacy store. 709 Larkin at.
GIRL for general housework and cooking. Ap-
ply 1C38 Buchanan st.. bet. 9 and 12.
GIRL, general housework small family. 4200
California st.; Eddy-st. cars, cor. 4th ave.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes 6 p. m. Wednesday: salary no object.
WANTED — Refined, middle- ag-d lady, no In-
cumbrance; companion to lady: small wages
and good home; references. Address box
, 1075. Call office. Oakland.
WANTED — Flrst-class waist and coat helpers.
J. BAER. 1200 Geary st.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
jL^MVRRAr^&^nEjC£r7 ez'Ckzs cTay^C
Phone Main 58 IS.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
DO YOU SPEAK
Italian, German, Spanish.
Creek, French. Swiss?
WE do
Reduced rates.
-$5—
NEVADA. NEVADA.
To Nevada State.
5 houre day. Government Work. S hours day.
25 teamsters, ship to-night, $2 day.
10 laborers, ship to-night.
RoCKmen. drillers. Irrigation ditch.
' FREE FARE
If you stay four months.
I Nevada. State.
Government Work.
Ship To-night. •
Great
Gold, Copper
and Silver Mines.
15 single and double hand drillers, $S_ 3d.
9 machine miners, $90.
Cement finisher.
Don't be stingy with your distance. Get
closer to Land of Sunshine. •
"Where man can work every day. Big wages.
Arizona — Arizona.
Close to Prcscott. 910 Miles.
$9 10— That's all.
B55 laborers, teamsters, drillers, rockmen,
etc. Center Great Mines.
MILKERS.
26 milkers, all parts of California. $30, $33.
$4O and found.
4 buttermakers. $40 and found.
12 farm and ranch hands. $25. $26, $30 found.
4 milkers, fare paid north, $35 found.
5 choremen. $2u. $2o.
WOODCHOPPERS, ETC.
125 woodchoppers. all over State.
; Pcstmakers. shakemakers, etc.
2 farm hands, together. Oregon. $30 found.
— LOOK —
SHIP CALKERS.
2 ship calkers. factory. $2 50 day.
MEN AND WIVES.
2 farmers and wives. $40. $50. $60 and tooad.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT. •
9 cooks, different hotels, mines, ranches, eta..
$30 to $65; 6 waiters, bell, elevator boy*. Jli
to $40 found.
Porters — Pish washers — Roustabouts.
2 laundrymen. extra good jobs. $13 week.
Porter, city hotel. $20 found; foreman.
scraper gang on ranch; 4 married farmers,
vineyard, south; second cook, city hotel, $43
and found.
Man and wife, man cook, wife chambermaid.
$45 and found.
Farmer and wife, berry ranch. $4O and f~_a<t,
MUBRAY * READY,
'.'J: 634-636 Clay st.
8 HOURS DAT. '
STEADY JOBS.
(V plasterers. $5 day.
9 hodcarrters and mortar mixsn, (3 60 d&/«
6 plumbers. $4 day.
2 tinners, $3 50 day.
25 carpenters. $3 50 day.
10 painters, all round men, $8 90 day.
H paper hangers, $3 50 day.
1 glazer. $3 50 day.
MURRAY & RBADT,
634-636 Clay it.
COOK and wife for lumber company: boss at
our office.
Butter and cheese maker, $35 and found.
Choreman. home farm, boss here. $25 and f*.
5 gravel miners, exceptional good mine. $73*
Milker, run separator, $35 and found.
Second cook, Alaska, free fare. $50 and fd.
Blacksmith, shop, fare $2. $2 and $_ 30 day.
25 LABORERS. $1 75 DAY.
Lunch counter waiter. $35 and found
MURRAY & READY.
6S4-636 Clay st.
CARPENTER fqr sawmill, $60 and found;
farmer and wife, no objection to one child.
$35 and found; Portuguese milker. $05 and
'found; choreman, $15 and found; clay tem-
perer, $2. $2 25 day and found ; man tf> car*
for place: blacksmith to run shop on sharca;
baker, ccuntry shop. $15 week and found;
restaurant cook, $S0; lunch counter man.
$40; oysterman, $45: waiters, $2O and $no.
and others. J. F. CROSETT _ CO.. 623 Sac-
ramento st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, R. 12.
Walter, country hotel; $30.
WANTED — For U. S. army, able-bodied un-
married men. between ages of 21 and 35:
citizens of United States, of good character
and temoerate habits, who can speak, read
and write English. For Information apply to
Recruiting Officer. Rialto buildlns. Ne—
Montgomery at.. San Francisco, or 102S Sec-
ond st.. Sacramento.
__ _ _ , _
Men to learn the barber trade In two montha
and secure good positions; catalogue and full
information mailed free. MOLER System
College. 633 Clay et.
WANTED — Young man who is an experienced
express dry goods wrapper. Apply bet 9 and
U a. m. at HALE BROS'.
BARBER shop fcr sale or for rent; must have
a tittle money; snap for married man; cheap
Call 543 Sixth St.
WANTED — Errand boy for butcher shop. S_!'
corner Clay and Mason sts.
FOR sal« — d-chair barber shop. Apply 137
Sixth st. •
BOY with references; ."> days' work. $5 week*
for general utility. II. Kramer. 20 SansomeJ
MAN to work on farm. Apply li£> Tenth *kt7
between S and 10. *
WANTED — Bootblack, boy preferred. Arena
Barber Shop, ll»;i Jefferson st.. Oakland.
BARBER shop for sale; ;: revolving ehairs-
completely fitted. H. BERNARD. 104 7th at.'
YOUNG men (sailor*) wanted for steamers.
29 Montgomery av»,
E A RBERS— 3-chalr shop for sale: transfer
iclnt. 10UO Valencia it. «*»_««
I T1I1 111MIII »¦ rii> inn nMm urn A l_HHIIIPW"ii~nlllw l IHII
LODGING HOPVRS FOR SALK— -Con.
MARION GRIFFIN.
406 Hearst building, over Examiner entrance.
Modern business methods in flne .front offices..
Phone Black; 3607, or take elevator to 4th floor.
Up-to-date title abstract free with every sale.
We do business strictly according to law.
STOP AND THINK
Before buying; call on my only agent. MA-
RION GRIFFIN, and he will tell you all
about my 40-room house; every room large
and light; low rent; lease for three years or
more; price at bedrock; part cash; will net
over $150 profit per month.
24 LARGE sunny rooms 4 blocks north of
Market st. ; well furnished and all occupied
by permanent roomers; nets $92 per month,
«s rent Is only $3 per room- and price only
$1600 Exclusively for sale, by MARION
_GRIFFIN. ,
DEPENDABLE houses are In demand: here's
¦ one MAHION GRIFFIN has for sale because
the owner has urgent business in Eastern
States; 35 rooms; steady Income $411; rent
$125.
"A FACT AND A FORTUNE."
We offer a 117-room house for $6800; It Is
thoroughly respectable and the profit is about
$400 per month. It Is no wonder there is such
a fortune in such a house, for it is a fact
that the population of this city Is (and has
been for three years) growing at the rate of
25,000 yearly. Respectfully yours,
: MARION QRIFOTN.
"A WORD TO WIVES."
MARION GRIFFIN can show you an 8-room
flat north of Market st. in which you can
: make $30 over your house rent; you need only
pay $125 down.
NEW ONE 37.
You 11 surely be "on velvet" when you walk
on these carpets. The furniture? "Why. it's
that ultra fashionable golden oak and blrdseye
maple. The building? It's on a sunny corner
and the exterior appearance is grand and
majestic. 'Twill not require much money to
put you in possession. Leasehold? It has a
duration of 5 years. See MARION GRIFFIN.
C. E. HINKLEY -....Phone Mint 796
1020 Market st.. opp. Fifth.
Former patrons my best references.
Country correspondence promptly answered.
9 rooms; Leavenworth st. ; snap .. $300
• 12 rooms; Sutter st. ; offer wanted 500
31 rooms; sunny corner; rent $55 1600
8 rooms; 6th and Howard nts.; rent $30 300
10 rooms; N. Market st. ; rent $40 400
Any house sold on monthly payments.
23 rooms; one floor; rent only $35 1100
34 rooms: rent $60; profitable .... 1150
Clear titles, square dealings at Hlnkley's.
20 rooms; one floor; lease; rent $40 ' 800
85 rooms: sunny cor.; lease; grand buy. 6000
63 rooms; lease; rent $115; price only.. 3500
Carriage for customers at HINKLKY'3.
ATTENTION, buyers — Have you some furni-
ture; 14 rooms: 11 rooms unfuj" newly reno-
vated; rent $50; water free; amazingly low;
price $125. HINKLEY'S. 1020 Market St.
MITCHELL A; CO Phone jTssle 2931
1206 Market et., opposite Sixth.
• 16 rooms; neat, sunny, two-floor house; rent
$40; sell or exchange: price $050. _ ,\
65 rms.: downtown house; steady; transient;
clearing $350 monthly; handsomely furnished.
26 rms.; choice corner rooming-house; unex-
celled for transient as well as steady roomers.
25 rooms; well-appointed housekeeping suites;
landlady must sell; make offer. »
MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market St.
100 ROOMS, sunny comer, rent $125. ...$4500
40 rooms, south of Market, rent $110.. 2000
46 rooms, Mission warm belt, rent $65. 2250
20 rooms, summer resort, rent $400 yr. 650
14 rooms, flne location, rent low 700
EITEL & CARROLL. ~212 Kearny at.
2 ROOMS nicely furnished for housekeeping;
all complete for party to take possession
without any expense; no children; good local-
ity; near town. Harry Doyle, 1023 Market.
CENTRALLY located corner house; 64 rooms;
nicely furnished; rent $225: long lease: must
be sold. WILSON. 400 Taylor et.
FOR SALE — A lodging-house. 30 rooms; new
and well appointed; centrally located. Box
4C01. Call office.
SPIRITUALISM.
C. V. MILLER and Wilbur Dean give a mate-
rializing eeance to-night at 8 o'clock, 1084
Bush st.; skeptics invited; 50 cents.
MRS. DK. MARTIN, wonderful «plritual healer
and business medium; readings daily, $1; de-
veloping class Thursday 8 p. m. 60S Eddy st.
MRS. LESTER, 122 Taylor; life reader, busl-
ness medium; read, dally; cir. to-night, 10c.
A GRAND materializing seance. Wednesday
eve., 8 o'clock. 328 Ellis St.; 50c.
SEER, Egyptian Hindoo occult reader; daily
dr. Wed. ,Fri.. Sun., 8 p.m.; 10c. 320A Ellis.
EDWARD EARLE. 1052 ElllS) readings dally,
9:30 to 4; seances Sunday and Thursday.
EL1SE BRAUN, renowned psychic. My readings
demonstrate my wonderful powers. S86 Bush.
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted clairvoyant and
-late-writer. 1112 Eddy st. Phone Scott SS7.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
PROFESSOR ALBERT C. VICTOR,
The Famous ¦ ¦ ¦
PALMIST AND CLAIRVOYANT.
Special Reduction for One Week.
$1— His $5 Reading for $1.
Free Test! Free Test'. , Free Test!
: A Free Test to All Who Come Prepared to
Have a Reading.
Without asking a question he tells you your
name, your mother's maiden name, the name
of the one you love, tells you .your age and
what you called for, without asking a single
question.
• THERE IS NO AFFAIR of Importance —
past, present or future — but what Professor
Victor's occult eye can plainly reveal. He will
point out the way that will lead to success in
business, speculations, investments, love, court-
ship, matrimony, divorce or anything you may
be in trouble about.
Unilka ImpoEtorx and pretenders. Professor
Victor takes no money in advance and posl-
I tlvely refuses to accept any fee if you are not
entirely satisfied. AH business strictly con-
fidential. Hours from 9 a. m. to 8 p. m. daily
and Sunday. 700 Post st.
_ —
A GHEAT CUT IN PRICES.
Call at once and save $4.
His former $5 readings this week for
$1. $1. $1. $1. jjl. $1. $1. $1. $1. $1. ¦
¦ NO CHARGE • NO CHARGE
Unless you obtain the information for which
you consult him.
(Tou to be full Judge.)
PAUL DESTINE,
The first registered trance clairvoyant and
Palmist ever In San Francisco.
Read carefully. An honest proposition.
I do hereby solemnly, agree and guarantee
to make no charge If I fail to tell your name,
occupation and what you called for; I prom-
ise to tell you if husband wife or sweetheart
. Is true or false; tell whom and when you
¦ will marry, in fact I will tell evety hope,
fear or ambition better than you can tell
yourrelf; I restore lost affections, reunite the
separated, cause happy marriage, make you
successful in life, cure disease and lost vital-
ity, develoo mediums, give advice on mines
and burled treasures and insure you success
or charge nothing for my servicea; 10 a. m.
to 8 p. m. : Sundays, 2 to 6.
320 — O'Farrell st. — 328.
"A man with a reputation." — New York World.
CARL ANTONIUS,
Clairvoyant, Trance Medium and Healer.
To 'Introduce his superior methods. Professor
Antonlus will give readings at the | reduced
price of $.1 for one week. . and will positively
make no charge unless you' find him superior to
any palmist, medium or clairvoyant In the city.
Hours from 9; a. m. to 8 p. m. dally, and Sun-
day. Permanently located In his own home.
483 Geary st. ¦
-¦-¦'•'- ' '" ' ' ' •"¦-':¦ ft :
A — Miss M. Wille, 460 Geary, clairvoyant, crys-
tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tlon: names given; special, $1; hours 10 to 8.
MME.RAVENNA.formerly 6 4th _t.,.reads life;
, 'business advice; names given; readings 50c 1
week. Offices 835 Howard, ; bet. 4th and Gth.'
A— MME. BERNARD reads your life correctly:
advice given on all affairs of life; satlsfact
-tion guaranteed;: 25c t up. 17 ¦ 3d, next Exam.
MISS ZEMDAR. young gifted clalr. and palm.;
, has second . sight; a ¦ wonderful ; prophetess;
: ; names; 1. COc; g. $1. 714 Franklin, nr. G.G.av.
Mrs.'A.H. Kronenberg, palm st,clalrvoyant. card
reader .when others fall try me;good readings
10c. ,721 Franklln.nr.Q.G.ave. Tel.Larkln 4207.
MME. LOVONIA. clairvoyant, palmist— Read-
..;; Ings this week 25c.-46S Jessie, «t., ¦ nr.; Sixth.'
OLDEST lady; palmist and card reader in city.'
26U Kearny^Toom _0; ladles, 25c; gents. 50c.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED—- FEMALE.
POSITION wanted by trained nurse in doctor's
.'office; best of credentials; 10 years' experi-
ence. Box 4096, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants a situation, city
or country; good cook; willing and obliging.
Room 22. 143 Third St.
COMPETENT woman wants housework; is a
good cook and laundress: city or country.
Address box 4102. Call office.
EXPERIENCED stenographer; haa had seven
years' experience; can operate any machine;
best of references. Box 443S. Call office.
NEAT German gir^wi*he9 situation as second
i work In country; wages $25. Box 4251. Call.
YOUNG girl wishes place for housework;
wages $25. Call at 1011 A Minna st.. off 11th.
WOMAN with a child would like a place aa
housekeeper. MRS. C, 117 Milton st.
SWEDISH woman wants olace to cook In a
boarding house; wages $30. 2CC Rltch st.
WANTED — A situation as housekeeper or
nurse to an invalid. Address 710 Harrison st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sta.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister St.-
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MAJLE.
EXPERIENCED miner wants position la
mine; can sharpen- tools: wife to cook for
small crew. Box 4107. Call.
FIRST-CLASS cellarman (German) wants poai-
tion to tend bar. O. SCHELLER, 662
East Twelfth, St.. East Oakland.
A MAN with lengthy experience !n Bpaatsh-
American trade, thoroughly familiar with all
requirements, seeks position: speaks and cor-
responds in Spanish. English and German; is
a good office man. bookkeeper and corre-
spondent. Box 4330. Call office.
BOOKKEEPER thoroughly competent, de-
sires to keep' extra set of books portion of
time; audits, opens, closes accounts; any
line; highest 'references; reasonable. Box
4106. Call office. __
YOUNG French couple, of good education, de-
sire employment; private family; wife to do
housework or cooking, husband to care for
horses, drive and general work. FELIX
GRIMAUD. 633 Broadway.
EXPERIENCED German carpenter and mate
would like to take fencing Job cr anything In
this trade;. country preferred; letters. A. A.,
care of Fred W. Joosten, 500 Third st.
HONEST young German (26) wishes position
of any kind, wholesale house or store, where
h? may have a chance for advancement. Box
4105. Cajl office.
A YOUNG German wants situation as bar-
tender In country hotel or saloon; a good,
eober all round man; best of references. Ad-
dress box 1086. Call office, Oakland.
A GOOD, honest young man -would like position
on private place; thoroughly understands care
of garden. Address box 1087, Call office,
Oakland.
ATTORNEY, who is also experienced office
man, bookkeeper, correspondent, business
manager, etc.. will accept poaitlon with cor-
poration, real estate concern. Box 4527, Call.
MAN and wife want work on ranch; wife cook
and housework, man understands all kinds
of wyrk; best of references. Box 4460. Call.
YOUNG man. 25 years old. would like to hear
of position In grocery store; 7 years* experi-
ence and good references. Box 4103, Call.
BARBER — First-class from New York, wants
flrst-class position. Address Barber, box
4405, Call office. -
STEADY, reliable Scandinavian wants work
of any kind: can drive and care for horses.
Box 4003, Call office.
MECHANICAL draughtsman would like tem-
porary situation for five or six months. Box
42CO, Call office.
CLERK — Wine, liquor and groceries, window
dresser and card writer, desires position;
best of references. Address box 4*46, Call.
BOOKKEEPER wishes position; can give col-
lege references. Box 4253. Call office.
CLOTHING and furnishing salesman want*
steady J.-0>. Box 4007. Call office.
BOOKKEEPER wants to keep small set books
during leisure time. Box 4356, Call office.
A LICENSED engineer and machinist wants
position; city references. Box 4339, Call.
A GOOD Japanese boy wants a situation to do
cooking and general housework; wages $6
up. S. F.. 122'^ Turk at.
JAPANESE. stronK .man, wants a ocsitloa to
do cooking and general housework; $7 week.
G. A., 1303 »,. Castro st.
JAPANESE youth wants elevator work la
hotel or any place; have good recommenda-
tions. W. ISONO. 528 Stevenson st.
JAPANESE boy. 22 years old, wants a situa-
tion as schoolboy. Box 4108, Call.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
• Valencia st.
FEATHER RK.VOVATI5O.
BY new. healthful process. Cal. Steam Feather
Co.. 325 Van Ness ave. ; tel. Howard 3167.
FLATS TO LET.
AAA— HOUS^~RE^mGiDEPARTJIENT!
All desirable vacant houses and flats are list-
ed in our free renting department: over 1000
- in number; a combined list from all agencies;
let us give you a list and help you to find a
place; we never fail; service free.
STERLING FURNITURE CO..
1039 MARKET ST..
OPPOSITE MCALLISTER.
______ •
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department: It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-253 Geary
St., on the square.
NEW urner &-room» Mission flat; sun every
room; latest porcelain plumbing: rent $17 50.
6 West ave.. ohone Scott 2666.
DEMON', 63. bet. 16th and 17th nr. Sanchez —
Upper flat; 4 nice rooms, bath; no children.
NEW modern 7-room flat; rent 535. 2117 How-
ard ft. >
SOMETHING new; 4 rooms: ses It to-day.
057 Hayes st.
ELEGANT, sunny, cor. fiat. 2 stories. 12 nnsv,
2 baths; marine view; $75. Tel. Geary 448.
LAUREL ave.. 221. oft! Van Ness st., bet. Turk
and Kddy — Four rooms and bath.
LAGUNA. 2703— Elegant corner flat, 7 rooms,
bath; marine vlsw; $40; 11 to 12. 4 to 5.
LINDEN ave.. 606 — Three nice sunny rooms.
basement; rent $11.
MODERN new sunny S-room flat. yard. 1008
. Capp st., near 25th.
, PINE, 706%, near Powell — Upper flat. 6 rooms
and bath; sun alt day; modern; $37 50.
SEVENTEENTH, 4182, near Castro-st. cars^ —
Sunny upper flat. 7 rooms, bath, basement.
SEE the 4 rooms, bath, at 957 Hayes to-day;
nothing like It in city: moderate rent.
CHEAPEST and best in America — The Weekly
Call. 10 pages, tent to any address in t_«
United States or Canada one year for $1.
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
WASHINGTON, 28.T3, near Alta Plaza — Beau-
tifully furn!ah?d sunny flat of 7 rooms.
SUNNY flat of 4 rooms and bath; new; rea-
sonable. 1323 Guerrero: phone Church .153ft.
FLATS FOR SALE — FURNISHED.
NICELY furnished ft- room flat; beat of furni-
ture; room- all rented: must be sold im-
mediately; no reasonable offer refused. T£i
Eddy st. ¦ ¦
FURNISHED flat of 9 rooms for sale reason-
able in North Beach district; furniture all
nearly new and In flrst-class condition. Box
2983. Call office. '
FOR sale — Newly furnished modern flat of fi
rooms; parties most go East and will sell for
$350. Apply 374 Shot well st. .
VAN NESS ave., 807 — For sale, cheap, furni-
ture . in 7-room flat; several rooms rented.
Hours, 10 to 3 Sat. and Sun., after 3 wk. days.
ELEGANT furnished fiat for sale cheap; on
account of siekrtess. Apply 15ti Eddy st.
' FPRMTCRE FOR SALE. *
CHEAPEST place to buy furniture, stoves and
household goods of every description; flats
bought. Mission Auc. House, 429 -430 Valencia.
FURNITURE .WANTED.
A WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4462.
'. buys.' rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpet?.
HIGHEST prices for furniture and mdse. L. H
. BURD, auctioneer, ISIS Mkt. ;tel.<Howard 2T3&
— CopUnned.
CLEAR VISION.
. ATTRACTED BY AN INVITED FIELD—
THE SEMI-TROPICAL WONDERS OF THE
GOLDEN WEST AND THE MATCHLESS
CLIMATE OK CALIFORNIA— PROF. LIVING-
STONE. THE GREAT MYSTIC. CLEAR
VISION, AND WONDERFUL EXPONENT
OF OCCULTISM, HAS COME TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO TO RESIDE. TO WORK AND TO DO
GOOD. PERMANENTLY LOCATED AT 428
EDDY ST. READINGS $1 AND ?2; NO
MORE, KP LESS.
It Is your duty to consult this gifted man.
He can unravel the most complicated skein of
difncultle3, relieve your mind and Insure you
quick results, permanent happiness. Would
it not be a relief to know how you will suc-
ceed, to be relieved of matters that are
troubling- you. and of the schemes of your
en»mtes?
It Is not necessary that he should acquaint
you in prtnt of all the ills one is heir to and.
further, he dees not wish you to tell him one
word. H« claims to be able, and positively re-
•fuses to accept one penny unless you are per-
fectly satisfied and, further, he never slights
any ono in his work; all are the same to him,
and he believes such Is the verdict of all who
consult him. Three separate reception parlors.
Hours, 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
pplmlBt, permanently located at 1104 Market
st., cor. Turk; private readings dally 10 a,
m. to 5 p. m.'; readings by mall as satisfac-
tory as In person; 3 questions answered, $1;
full life. S5: send lock of hair, date of year
of birth: don't «end currency; send postofflce
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
THEO. clairvoyant card reader; ladies BOe.
gents (1; hours 11 to 9. Room 16, 765 Mkt.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader, re-
moved from 132 to 23 H 6th; I. 25c. g. COc.
MRS. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune-
teller. la now at 817 Ellis et.
MRS. SHAFER, clairvoyant, card reader: alt-
tings dally. 448»,J Jessie st.. bet. 5th and 6th.
_ . CBEP-T CI.OTHIIB8.
C. F. ADAMS CO.
SPECIAL CREDIT STORE.
We clothe the whole family from hats to
shoes; everything up to date at cash prices.
Credit for all. 318 Mason Bt. .
C~.OTg.-TQ BEWOVATHTCr.
SUITS cleaned and pressed, $1; scouring and
dyeing-. Bon Marche, 40 Ellis st.,'room 14;
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
CTJBES BTJPTTTBE.
WHO?— Hunter. 1206 Market St.; $100; rupture
cure for $10; circular explains; send for one.
SAN FP_ANC'8CO, March 1, 1902.
Mr. A. Hunter^ — Dear Sir: The rupture
holder. I bought from you cured my rupture
in 90 days. I have discarded the holder, hav-
ing no more use for it. I feel like a new man
since I was cured. Yours truly.
V R. A. KENNEDY.
\ Lick House.
DENTISTS.
m£TuDLUM"HILL, 1M3 Market nr Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting 50c: gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs; crown, $3 50; fllllngs,_50c;
plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
•ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentlst,r.l4,lst
floor. Phelan bid.. 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
DR. H. G. YOUNG — Bridge? and teeth with-
out plates specialty. 1841 Polk St.
GOLD fillings 75c; silver, 35c: crowns, $2; no
pain; open Sundays. Dr.O.B.Hewitt.204 Sutter.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush—
Set teeth. $1 50 up; crowns. $2 up; fillings. 25c.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
Accordion, sunburst and knire-pialtlng; double
stamps on dre»s linings. Stewart's button and
buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor; tel. Folsom 2121.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Pattern* cut to measure; eve. class. 1018 Mkt.
¦ E DDCATIOXAJi^
AT home in our new quarters, the largest, best
lighted and most delightful place of business
study In the entire West. New, complete,
extensive departments. Thorough, Inspiring
Instruction. 75-page catalogue on request.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE, 901-
025 Golden Gate ave.
AYRES. the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket St.; established 18 years; the school that
secures positions for graduates; Just added 25
new typewriters; catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE," 24 POST, S.
F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing^
languages, telegraphy, English branches; day
and night sessions; illustrated catalogue free.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, law and medical colleges;
ref. President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor; day and evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
A LARGER and better school than ever; enter
at once if you desire a good position; Gregg
shorthand, Ellis bookkeeping. S. F. Business
College. 1236 Market ist.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. mln.. mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, ev. ; est. 1864. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
SOCIAL dances Wed.. Thurs., Sat. and Sun.;
classes Mondays. Fridays. Louise Foster's
School of Dancing. 1506 Market, nr. Larkin.
ATTEND Gallagher-Marsh Business College on
advice of official court reporters and be com-
. pctent stenographers. 1362 Market; catalog.'
WESTERN Business College ;Odd Fellows* bid.;
bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing, arith.,
spelling, wrltine. etc.: day eve. : $4 mo. eve.
HEALD'S School of Mlnes&Electrlcity, 24 Post
st.. S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
HINMAN'S Academy, a thorough school of
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk St.,
bet. Pice and California; classes now cpe_.
SPANISH— A practical and progressive meth-
od. RAFAEL SERRANO. 5.10 California, r.4.
BANJO, mandolin and guitar thoroughly
taught; orchestra practice. 482 Geary st.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano. S3 per mo.;
mandolin club SI per mo. 828 Haight st.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINQTON'S, 424 Pine st. — Night class.
PIANO lessons, 23c half hour. MRS. PECK.
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Slxih.
SPANISH.French.etc. Prof.DeFillppe'sAcademy
¦of Ianguage.."20 Post;estab'<:i871:able8t profs.
A WEEK'S newe for B cents—The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. SI per year.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GEORGE AOKiT^^OBrTtrTteir^usiriis^
Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
nlshes best help; contracts for farm help, etc.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese"
Chinese help. 426 Powell st. Tel. Main 5752.
SCANDINAVIAN Female Employment Bureau.
504 Kearny st.. room 3; phone Black 4458.
CHINESE Employment Office— Best help at
Leon Seung's. 411 tj O'Farrell; tel. East 42B.
FRITZ'S Emp.' Office; Japanese and Chinese
help. 415 Stockton st. Tel. Grant 168. •
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5183.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1907. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
KM1'LOVM_XT WANTED— FEMALE.
YOUNG la_V, German, wishes position as gov-
erness or comr>anion; also teaches French.
Address 3323 Clay st.
COMPETENT middle-aged New England wo-
man wishes position as cook; city or coun-
try. 381, O'Farrell st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants a situation, city
or country; good cook; willing and obliging.
"143 Third st., room 22. '¦
DRESSMAKER and designer, cutter and fitter;
.. street suite . made in ,- private families; . few
- more, engagements per day; work done at
; home. E. C. BARSS, Sherman House, 28 8th.
A STRONG young woman would like to go out
by the day; is a' good washer and lroner or
will do house-cleaning. Please- call 720B
Clementina st.. between. Sth and 9th.
A I STEADY, competent person wishes position
to do general housework in small family; un-
derstands flier., business; wages $20 to $25.
2045 Encinal ave., Alameda, Cal.
COMPETENT. ¦ reliable, good woman, work by
the day/washing or, house-cleaning, $1" 50 a
day. Please. call at 5S .Valley st., between
, San Jose i ave. and. Dolores st.
GERMAN lady wants position In private fam-
: ily; is good: cook: first-class references; can-
not speak English. ROSA SCHEWERER,
,1 Park Hotel, 26-28 Turk st. -
DRESSMAKER and assistant wish engage-
-. ments by. the day: remodeling a specialty.
''Address postal 507 Post st. -, ¦ .. ¦•- ¦.•¦.*• --„-.-
¦WANTKD-VA place ' as 1 maid; no . objection t to
travel; best of references. Box 1098. Call. .
THE^CALL
JOHN D. SPKECEEtiS, Proprietor.
jj__g3 c___m______tr 0 imEfllU&HT, Mmgr
V.*. J. MARTIN Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
Bect Vou With tae Department You \Vlsn.
Publication Office Blfixfcet and Third. S. F.
Kiiitorial Room -17 to 2i:i Stevenson et.
Delivered l\v Carrier? 20 Cts. Prr Week. 75
Cta. Per "Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
Terms by Mail. Jnclurtirn; Postage << -*h W itn
<>rd<T>: , enr
DATLY CALL <;nc!ud. Sunday). 1 year... ?8.00
DAILY CALL (ir.c!-jd. Sunday). « mo£ «;W
PAILY CALL— Dy Single Mor.ih <;"=
SUNDAY CALL 1 Year *-VjJ
"WEEKLY CALL i Year ~'"i-JiV.'
rb_i_r .JS.fiO Per Year Extra
FOREIGN I s.'adav. 4 15 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. \ w«kl"y . 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AV™®™ 2 * 1 *
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Barnp'.e Ccplee will b« forwarded when re-
quested.
Mall e_bscr'.bers in ordering change cf ad-
dress _ao_ld be parttculsr to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS in orter Jo Insure^ a
prompt and ccrrect compliance wltn tneir re-
quest.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1118 Broadway Telephone *_*ln 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE:
2148 Center Street Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
SAMTEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Wa'.dorf- Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. 31
Ur.ion Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-are-
DUe Hotel and HofTrr.an House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Fher-ian House; P. O. News Co.; Great
Northern Hotel; Tremorrt House; Auditorium
Hotel; I'aJmcr House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C GEORCE KRCX3NESS-.Maro.ueUe Building
<Long .Distance Telephone,' 'Central 2619. )
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE,
STEI'HEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CAELTON Herald Square
fctUSCfESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
<~aM coiner Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
J(m>S Market etreet, opposite Fifth; open until
f_7 Montgomery street corner Clay; open
until 9:30 p m.
."fHt Hayf Ftreet; open until 3:»0 p. m.
r:.9 McAllister street; open until fl:30 p. m.
CIS Larkin street; cpen until 8:30 p. m.
79*1 Mission etreet; open until 10 p. m.
__a Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
i;rtil 9 p. m.
|na Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m.
IQM Valencia Ftrr<-t: cpen until 9 p. m.
tCortlicast corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until 9 p. m.
S&erttKrc-t rorn»r cf Twrnty-necond and Ken-
tucky Ftreets: cj>en until 9 p. m.
__ih» Fi'.lmor* gtreet: open until 0 p. m. .
MEET1XG NOTICES.
MISSION <hnrter No. 7!», R. A. M.— »
Special meeting THIS tTUESDAY) W
KVEXISG, 7:"f» o'clock. ' M. M. de-/^T\
cree. By order of the H. P.
" JOHSI R. HILT-MAX. Secretary.
PACXFIC Lodge N". 136. F. and A. M.. 9
will nwt THIS EVENING, 7:30YV
o'clock. Sercnd <J*RT»e. /?x
GI.O. TENLINGTON, Secretary-
CROCKETT I*o"lee No. 133, F. and A. «
M.— Third <V*ree THIS iWED.VES- VVf
DAT) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. />r\
By or<3er of the TV. M.
R. H. McPHERSQX, Secretary.
KVTELSIOR Ijoigk No. 166, F. and A. _
M.-Tn'.id <>Kree THIS «WEDNES- W
DAY) EVENING at 7 o'clock sharp.
II. J. OWEN, Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 169. F. and A. M. •
—Oiled meftinir THIS (WEDNES-
DAY) "VEXING at 7:30 o'clock. />r\
Third degree. R. E. ALLAN, Sec.
PAST Grands' Association, I. O. .-£_&_$£,
O. r.. rill ;r.y a fraternal vi « !t^_g5_§K|;
¦ FarnEworth I^'d?-- No. !* J "tKiS^SsF
on WEDNESDAY EVENING,
March 'Si. All pfist grands are requested
to meet at the reading-room, I. O. O. K.
bulldintr. at 7:30 sharp.
W. A. S. NICHOLSON, President.
W. I. BROBECK. Secretary.
FARNSWORTH Ix*3gc No!' 95. I. _m_ t _.7~
O. O. F. — Visitation an^l fnter -i?55H»KL
lainmem by I'j-.st 'Jr&n'is' Ai>?o--5i|SSB_9p
Hation THIS (WEDNESDAY) '^WK'i*'
NIGHT. March 23. Welcome Hall, 7:30
•¦¦'clock *liarp. Vifiting and sojourning
1/rothert welcome.
.1. F. SINCLAIR. Noble Grand.
<i. A. Bl'RMAN, Recording Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Ilarbor No. W-^
-' , cial mee°t'.r.g TO-DAY at igT^^^S^
2:30 p. rn. Every member )B_P-^^^^ j
i> requested to attend. I
JOHN McFARLAND. Captain.
It. X. TIPPKY. Secretary.
aiKMBERS of San Francisco Scottish v C7 5^
Thistle Club are requested to at-5Vj UtM
tend funeral pen-ices of our late T_vXi*
clansman. ADAM GRANT, at his
l.-tr resident, 1112 Bush St.. WEDNESDAY,
Marrh 23, at S:45 a. m. • ;-'_>
GEO W. PATERSOX. Royal Chief.
A. E. <"ARLISLE, Recorder.
XOTTCE cf wtockholders* meeting of the United
<'ruo> Oil Company <a corporation) — A stock-
holders' meeting will be held at the com-
pany's office, room 418 Parrott building:, San
Francisco. Cal.. on WEDNESDAY. April 13.
1JXM. at 12 o'clock neon, for the purpose of
§ electing a board of directors to serve for the
enduing year and for the transaction of such
other business as may be properly brought
before the above meeting.
L. WOODBTTRY Secretary.
ANNUAL rreeting— The annual meeting nr the
stockholders of the WESTERN SUGAR
REFINING COMPAJCY will be held
at the of floe of the company. No.
827 Market St.. San Francisco. California,
on MONDAY, the 2Sth day of March, 1804, at
the hcjr of 12 m.. for the purpose of elect-
irg * board of directore to eerve " for the
rneu.ng year, and the transaction of such
ether business as may come before the meet-
Ing. Transfer book* will close on Friday,
March 18. 1904. at 12 in. Vf. XL HANNAM.
Secretary
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call. 1C pages, rent to any address In the
United gtgteg or Canada one year for tt.
AGENTS
BIG money wlJir g our Etock ; lm-estors guaran-
teed against loss fcy gold bond bearing 3 1-3
per cent interest. Call or write room 231,
Parrott building.
AGI3XTS in every town where phones are used:
pood hustler* can make $30 a week; sells on
sight. Call or eend 10c etamps for sample to
room 34. 421 Market St.. S. F.. Cal.
AGENCIES fcr every city of the Union for the
Marculs Hair Tonic Co.; liberal terms. 414
r^st tt.. San Francisco. Cal.
'nKTisxanrirr wxirnro.
HAVING recently acquired thVnugh"^xchange
of properly three 540 scholarships in the best
College of Advertising in the United States,
I will *»H t*>em at 25 per cent discount fcr
cash: the coJIece teaches advertising writ-
ing- by correspondence and assists its grad-
uates to eocure positions ; catalogues fur-
nifj-ed cn gpplic.tticn. Addresa box 3026. Call.
ATTO nXEY S-AT-LAW. ~ ~~
I PRIVATE, quick divorce for a "small fee.
tee ire and rave tncney; no pay in advance.
G. W. HOWE. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW
i:*tsbli£hed 22 yrs.: rms. 1. 2. 2. 4 & 5. lit fl.
3122 Market et.. between Mason and' Taylor
Advice tree all matters. Detectives employed.
TT. KING. Attorney-at-Law. Exam. bldg.
6th floor, entrance room 611; established 20
j ears: til cases, general court and office prac-
tice; r.c fee in advance cr for consultation;
«v«:it!j~ by appointment. Tel. Red 2061.
DIVORCE— Costs. $12; <r_lek. quiet; advice
free; open evenings. 027 Market St.. rci. 301.
L. B. CLARK, 027 Market e_: consultation
free: no fees in advance; open evenings.
AUTO3IOK1LES. — —
A— IPOS MODEL Automobile (French make),
cr*' $7250. _*ed very little ; will eell for
SV<6; nil in good running order. Box 4302
Call office.
NEARLY new Winton touring car: flrst-clai>s
condition: mutt be sold Immediately; owner
ro«um_ East March 50; cash only. WELL3
BKOS.. 1719 Washington: phone East 1302.
BAD tenant* ejected for (4: collections made:
<-ity or country. Pacific Collection Co. 41ft
XoBtfomery. roams 8-10; UL Mala S5S9.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
A— $4500; COFFEE, tea and crockery store; one
of the leading businesses of this kind and in
choicest location in this city; rent $65; all
cash.traue; stock will invoice $1000; a very
rare chance. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 20&
Kearny £t.
A— $1200— CORNER cigar stand on Kearny;
rent $So; leaee; a good business; come and
Investigate. R. G. WILKE. 20*? Kearny at.
Al BLOCK of land, S00x300, In San Leandro
with house of 4 rooms; income $400 per
year trcin fruit; will exchange for dairy
ranch. Call R. G. WILKE. -t>»4 Kearny gt.
A— $£0CO— SALOON in wholesale district; rent
$tiO: place established many years and good
paylr.s. Ceil R. G. WILKE. -«H Kearny st.
A — $1 W0— CORNER grocery and bar on Larkin
St., doing a fine cash business; value In
sight; fresh clock; 'no better location In this
city. See J{. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — $20CO — COFFEE saloon and restaurant on
waterfront, close f Market St.; place estab-
li«hed 'years and well paying; daily receipts
about $CC. Call R. (J. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A— $1100— SALOON, with 3 rooms; close to
Kearny and Bush sts; rent $75; lease; place
easily clears $200 per month; nice fixtures,
choicest stock of liquors. All particulars of
' R. G. WILKE, 20% Kearny st.
A— $1100— DELICATESSEN and dairy produce
store; rent $40; dally receipts $45; • plaoe
clearing about $175 per month. R. G.
WILKE. 2t:^ Kearny st. • '
A — $1750 — CORNER grocery and bar on
O'Farrell St.; place kept by present owners
S years and doing a good paying' cash busi-
ness; fresh stock; value In sight. R. G.
WILKE. 26»6 Kearny st.
A— $650- CORNER bakery. with 4 living
rooms; about 2 blocks north of Market st.;
will be sacrificed if sold at once; owners to
leave city. Call R. Q. WILKE. 26'j Kearny.
A— $M>00— CORNER saloon with 5 years' lease;
close to Flcod building; this is the choicest
location in this city and a flrst-class paying
buslneer. See R. G. WILKE. 2ts% Kearny st.
A — $750 — CANDY store and ice cream parlors,
with stationery, etc., on Devisadero st.; 3
living rooms; a splendid location and good
buslnest. See R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny.
A— $3000; COAL, hay and grain yard; on Geary
St.; rent $40; lease; 3 horses. 6 wagons; busi-
ness estab. years; investigate at once; a rare
chance. Call It. G. WILKE. 26Vfr Kearny st.
A — $1650: COR. saloon with 4 rooms and bath;
rent $50: lease: a first-class paying place in
choicest. location: $150 per month clear guar-
antced. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — $1200; COFFEE saloon and bakery ' In
{ choicest location; rent $80; daily receipts
about $70; a good business, but sickness of
owner compels him to retire. Particulars R.
G. WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A — $850; CORNER cigar stand, close' to Mar-
ket and Stockton sts.; rent $75; a splendid
location and rare business chance." See R.
G. WILKE. 26^ K>arny st.
A BAKERY across the bay. with lot 60x100;
house of 4 rooms, 2 stories; 2 horses, wagon,
etc.; price $3600; not all cash required: a
»tood business. Call on R. G. WILKE. 26^4
Kearny «t.
FOR SALE; — Either whole or half Interest in a
general merchandise store in a good town
in r.cithern part of State. Address for par-
ticulars box 4354. Call office.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A. CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1060.
3 Eddy et., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for rooming-houses, hotels and
all kinds of business chances.
108 rooms; cheap rent: new and elegantly
furnished: up-to-date rooming-houae; has fine
bar: can be run in conjunction if desired; rare
chance for right parties; part cash,, balance
can be paid out of house; other business inter-
ests demand immediate departure,
126 rooms; rent only $t per room; new and
up-to-date house; all men; electric elevator,
lights; long lease; cleare $400 to $500 per
month; one of the best buys in the city.
19 rooms'; rent only $100; well furnished; lit-
tle apartment house; reduced to $1100.
20 rooms; cheap rent; close in; thoroughly
respectable; all full; clears $100; part cash.
86 rooms; corner; rent' only $500; best down-
town house in city; electric elevator; well fur-
nished; Kua ran teed to clear $400 to $500 per
month: books open for inspection; everything
in first-class shape; on account other business.
30 rooms; rent only $160; oak and cherry
fur.; flne carpets; close In; fine money-maker.
220 rooms; new nnd up-to-date apartment-
house; luxuriously furnished; 5-year contracts
for cheap lighting; grand new building; clear-
ing $400 to $600 per month; obliged to leave
city.
11 rooms; rent $40; close in; oak, cherry fur-
niture; Brussels carpets; clears $55 over all
expenses; $400 cash, balance time; snap; $700.
4C rooms; rent only $65; well located hotel
south of Market; flne bar; well stocked; brick
building; electric lights; everything good con-
dition; part cash, balance time; price $2500;
will exchange this with good real estate for
large downtown hou6e.
• ¦
8-room upper flat; corner; all sunny rooms;
beautiful little gem of a home; price $750.
126 rooms; flne downtown corner house; pri-
vate baths; beautiful furniture; 2 entrances;
takes In $30 to $40 per day transient, besides
regular roomers; will bear investigation.
21 rooms; corner; rent only $85; oak fur.;
good carpets; housekeeping; all full; clearing
$70 over all expenses; 4 rooms landlady;
price $1600. '
60 rooms; new; modern apartment house: 10-
year lease; cheap rent; clearing $250 to $300;
very central; first-class proposition.
71 rooms; elegant, new, modern building;', In
one of the best cities in Southern California;
electric lights; hot and cold water; everything
up to date; 0-year lease; rent only $200; clear-
ing $250 to $300 per month; owner sick abed.
23 rooms: well furnished: first-class tran-
sient house; 2 blocks off Market; 5-year lease;
clearing over $100; good buy for some one.
31 rooms;- rent $110; all light rooms; clear-
Ing over $100 per mo.; regular snap; only $800
to get in; must leave city at once; price $1300.
128 room's: cheap rent; long lease; flrst-
claes up-to-date downtown hotel; well fur-
nished; clearing $500 to $600 per month; must
¦ell on account of other business; only with us.
B-room, new, modern flat; 4 months; elegant-
ly furnished; cost over $1800; a bargain; sick-
ness.
B0 rooms; elegantly furnished: flne location:
close In; new and modern throughout; full and
clearing $250 to $350 per month; must be sold
to settle an estate; only face of mortgage now
on it asked; chance of a lifetime.
CO rooms; part offices; elegant new building
and furniture; high-class location; beautiful
halls; everything modern; flrst-class grill In
connection; best proposition In city; called
East.
24 rooms: rent $146; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; fine proposition;
good lease.- , .*-:-.
17 rooms; rent onl- $70; oak furniture: Ax-
mtneter carpets;, flne location; clears $80; fine
1 buy.
8 rooms; flne upper flat: rent only $30- can ¦
be had by paying $150 down, balance time;
$460. •
28 rooms; oak fur.; velvet carpets; close In;
can be run as boarding-house If desired ;\ $1800.
1C2 rooms; most elegantly appointed apart-
ment house in San Francisco; beautiful mod-
ern building; flne entrance; cheap rent-' clear-
ing $400 per month; 5-year lea_e; part cash,
balance 8 per cent per year.
18 rooms; rent $85; well furni6hed; all new-
$6P0 down, balance 1% per cent; flne buy; only
j i2r>o. . .'
25 rooms; rent only $60: north Market- all
full: clears $100 per month; price $1800- will
; exchange for small chicken ranch. '
106 rooms; new; most elegantly appointed
family hotel in city; all full and clearing $400
to $600 per month; books open for • inspection •
obliged to leave city. . '
7-room flat; rent $40: oak furniture; good
carpets; sickness; price $350.
72 roomsf rent $400; elegant new building-
swell family hotel; beautiful furnishings' '
clearing $600 per month; every room full; wili
stand the strictest investigation; ¦ location* un-
surpassed.
FOR eale— Modern — «omlng-house; 153 rooms-
new, elegant furniture; low rent, long lease :
splendid location; will guarantee a large - in-
¦ come; part cash, balance on easy payments I
Box 4101. Call office. , ymen "'
FOR SALE— 23 rooms; lodging-house; j clears
¦ $80 ever expenses; low rent; investigate Box
2764. Call office. ;<* '
$1200 FOR 18 flne rooms; in good business lo-
cality; rent $75. H. ; DOYLE. 1023 - Market.
22 ROOMS; $S00;. flrst-class placr; In; down-
town center. HARRY DOYLE. 1023 Mark«L
nUSIXESS OBAX^S^vM_!
A — STRANGERS. ATTENTION'.
Are you locking ior a 3aJ"e and profitable
business opening in rian Kranclsco'.' If so,
we can of'cr you any number requiring an
investment from $100 to $W>,000; every busi-
ness oppwtujilty that passes through our
office must stand the closest Investigation,
and we can i>!ace you in u. store, factory',
hotel, mill, oiflce. or. in fact, any business
you may prefer. Kindly call and Investigate.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
A— MERCHANTS, ATTENTION'.
Do you desire to enlarge your business, or do
you desire additional capital? If so, we can
furnish you with an active or silent partner
who will invest from $H» to $50,000; we
have a larjre number of desirable applicants
, on our books s*>ek1ng good business openings.
} GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market st.
A— flOO REWARD
Will be paid for legal proof Fhowlnr that
any person ever lort a dullar who Invested
any mon^y through our company.
GKRMANIA INVESTMENT COMPANY,
Incorporate.! under the laws of California.
Capital stock. 550,000. .
927 Market St.. rooms 321. 322, 323. 824.
A GOOD OPENING.
For — younc man who can Invest $500 in a
high-class real estate office and fill position
of cashier; experience not necessary: invest-
ment secured and $20 weekly guaranteed.
OERMAN'IA INVEST. CO., 027 Market gt.
HOTEL FOR SALE.
New and modern; 80 rooms; richly furnished,
complete and ready for .occupancy; large din-
ing-room, with 16 tables and imported Vienna
chairs; the best carpets money can buy
throughout; finest linen, best silver service;
10 years* lease: price $10,000; easy terms.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market St.
'. A SAFE INVESTMENT.
51000 cash and services secure interest and
office of treasurer In an incorporated realty
and investment company; $150 monthly as-
sured; highest references given and required.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market st.
"a*— 2 PER CENT~MONTHLY
On investments of SlOO and upward: no "get-
rieh-<iu!ck" s«windlo or rambling scheme, but
n reputable business ectab. 3 years In S. F.
GERMANIA INVKST. CO.. 327 Market st.
" THE BEST~Tn VESTMENT. . ~*
100 shares of cold stock of the Norton Bay
Co S25; will tx> worth $200 by August. 1904.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market St.
A — TAILORING AND HABERDASHERY.
A first-class tailor or gentleman familiar
with gents' furnishing goods can secure a
partnership in one of the leading stores in
San Francisco; about $5000 cash required.
GKRMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
A— BARBER SHOP.
For sale. 4-chair shop: centrally located and
rood, established trade; sickness of owner
compels sacrifice of Immediate sale.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market st.
A— LIVERY BUSINESS.
Wanted, man with $4000 cash to take Interest
in stable estabtishpd 10 years; $200 monthly.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
A. CAMERON & CO Phone South 1050
3 Eddy St.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
Oyster and chop houses $350 to $1000
Candy and Ice cream parlors $200 to $2500
Barher Fhops . : $600 to $2500
<"*is:ar stands $350 to $2000
«»roceries and bars $500 to $5000
Faloons ?300 to $10,000
Restaurant* S3.V> to $20,000
Fruit ami vegetable stores $300 to $1000
Drug stores $2000 to $0000
DeUcalemsea stores $250 to $4.VK>
Wood and coal yards $250 to $1000
A FIRST.-CLAFR opportunity for druggist or
doctor; flne location for drag store; good fix-
tun?«. counters and showcase; rent only $80;
business already establishtd; with 6 rooms
and bath in rear; elegantly furnished
throughout; everything complete for house-
keeping of the best Quality: price $1800.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mines; flne prospect:
located In Cal.: assays $40 to $70 ton; trad*
for r'mg-house or*business. Cameron, 3 Eddy.
FCR sale — Well located candy etore; all equip-
ment for making own candies: established 8
years; clears over $200 per month: will in-
voice about $1200. CAMERON. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — One of the best restaurante in city;
cheap retit; receipts $75 to $^00 day: will
bear-invef-tlgratlon: price $1500. CAMERON
& CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FDR sale, or will trade for email ranch — Fine
hardware and electrical supply store; well
located; clearing- ?300 per month; first-class
proposition; will stand strict investigation;
price fSOOO. CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy St.
$200— FINE paying office and established com-
mission business; clearing $100 monthly.
IOO714 Market st.. room 1.
SUMMER resort: finest climate; big payer;
complete; near city; sickness ; investigate.
1007'i Market St.. room 1.
$350— PARTNER wanted in established com-
mission business clearing $150 monthly; will
give bank references; experience not re-
quired; grand opportunity. 1OO7',4 Market.r.l.
CHOP and oyster house, with 2 years' lease;
splendid locality; 14 tables; must be sold; a
snap: $.".C0; rent $70. H. Doyle. J023 Market.
$1400— FINE, large grocery and bar;near water
front; splendid money-making place for right
party. See H. DOYLE. 1023 Market, nr. 6th.
BAKERY and complete line of delicacies to be
had for $350; rent $12: flne trade and rare
business chance. H. DOYLE. 1023 Market.
WANTED — A partner In a manufacturing bus-
iness; a liquid to kill all kinds of insects.
flies, etc.. at small cost; there Is a large field
for the sale of this article and big profits
t.> «.he right party. Box 4343. Call office.
FOR sale — A large, well paying bakery, with
large cake trade and 5 to 6 barrels of bread;
latest improved wagons and 6 good horses;
only a short distance from city. Jnqulie M.
P. DETELS, 218 California st.
AN exceptional opportunity; old established
commission and brokerage business; whole-
. sale district: larg" lists of shippers and buy-
ers. Particulars BROOKBANK. 917 Market.
WANTED — A competent co-worker and stock-
holder in a close corporation; well estab-
lished and big dividend paying wine com-
pany. Address W ? . C. box 520. Sacramento.
COUNKR grocery and bar with 3 living rooms
fcr Mle: trell established; rent very low,
$35; place well stocked and will sell cheap;
no »g»>nts. Box 29C2. Call office.
PHOTO supply store; $1000; good locality, this
city; good future; will exchange for property.
Information apply 10 a. m. to 12 m., 134 12th.
DELICATESSEN. caJry. produce, etc.; fine
busin-rfs and good location; good stock; price
$i_00. Address box 4283. Call offlci.
GROCERIES and bar; transfer point; near
G-j!.l»n Gate Park; will sell for $1300- no
ag<:7>te. Box 27C5. Call office.
CIO A I; stand for eale on Montpomtyy st., close
10 Matkct- in a good location for business.
Box 2*74. Call office.
FOR sale — Comer saloon: wholesale district;
first-class location. Inquire HILBERT MER-
CANTILE CO.. 213 Market st.
$150 — CIGAR -tore near Market and Fourth
sts.; worth $400. EUREKA. 783% Market.
A GOOD variety store; low rent; living rooms;
bargain; must go East. 1601 Devisadero st.
CIGAR store and laundry office- good estab-
lished business. Box 4313. Call, office.
FOR sale — At a bargain, saloon. 141 Second
street.
CIGAR stand; A No. 1 location: rent reason-
able; price $1500; large stock. Box 4258. Call.
CIGAR stand in wholesale district for sale
Vex 4y,l. Call office. '
WANTED— A delicacy store; one well estab-
lished- state price asked. Box 4602. Call.
GOOD saloon and boarding-house; 22 beds;
near water front; $750. Box 448S. Call.
$250— BRANCH bafeery and restaurant; $25;
water free. 414 Jones st, j
RESTAURANT for sale; bargain; e"v7rythlng
complete; call and see It. 422 Turk st.
ROUTE cn Call. Apply at office. /
SALOON— Corner; J3000; best business street
In city: near Market st. Box 4110, Call. .
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
cf advertisement* and subscriptions has been
opened at IOCS Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. rn.
CAIU'KT 1IK ATISG AKD CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDIKG'tJ Pioneer Carpet-heat-
ing Works. 255-307 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet' Cleaning Works. 1SC9 Har-
rlson -t.; Al cleaning; 3c. Tel. Mission 225.
CONKoIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works
333 Goldrn Gate ave. ; telephone East 126.
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating; mat-
trcjses inado over. 1432 Howard ;tel. South 21fl.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter »t •
tel. Main «a>4. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props!
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison _t. ; tel. Mission 263,'
HT3 \r WfS^SKWS^m^S[jM^BMSS^^^^^§^il ¦ have as 'complete a stock of
I bit WAN I uJLUI IIMo OF I lit: XALL satisfactionf THfe SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY/ MARCH 23, 1004.
15
REAL ESTATE — CITV — FOR SALE.
,. ¦ • " ' ¦ " .
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS!
$S00 to $1200 — Incomparable "Oceanslde Lots":
on official grade; unobstructed view or
ocean and park; all bargains: easy terms;
tee them to-day; get oft cars cor. 47th ave.
and H street. -
$75 to $250— Near Park and ocean; $3 monthly.
Oceanslde Branch Offlce, cor. 40th ave. and
K Bt- : open Sundays and holidays.
$500 to $1000 — Choicest Sunset lots for build-
Ing; graded and. sewered: $10 monthly.
$250 to $S50 — Superb Richmond lots, opposite
new "Spreckels Lake"; matches view;
don't miss this opportunity; Installments^
Sunset Branch Office on Ninth ave.. near H st.
$130 to $500 — Level Excelsior Homestead loU;
$5 monthly.
$1200 to $3500— Modern cottages m Sunset.'
Richmond, Oceanside and Excelsior Home-
stead districts; easy terms.
EOL. GETZ & SON, Owners and Dealers,
Room 54. fourth floor. Chronicle building.
$10,850; cash $2000; 3 swell flats not yet com-
pleted, but rented for $1200 per year; Seventh
ave. boulevard, 760-2-4, near Fulton St.; 16
minutes from City Hall; all night car serv-
ice; every possible latest Improvement, In-
cluding bltumlnlzed street; 25x120. Apply on
premises from 2 to 6. • -'• '.
$1.25 PER WEEK, no Interest. Lots In' the
Excelsior Homestead .Tract: all level, no
grading to do; ready to build your little home
onr close to electric cars and school. ' , ¦
• . . W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery St.. Room S.
$2750— -HOUSE. « r. and b., with etable; 4029
26th st.; small payment down, bal. like rent.
$1200 — For 2 cottages on -37:0 ft- . of
ground; rents $8 rronth each: Arlington st.
D. COFFIN & • CO.. 3303 Mission st.
BUILD -on your unimproved realty: w* loan
full cost Imprpv. and part lot at G per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker bulldinr
LATEST system sanitary plumbing by AHI^-
BACH & MAYER, plumbers. *3G Howard.
ROOMS FOR IIOUSElvEEPIXG.
A NUMBER of very desirable sunny apart-
ments, S and 4 rooms each, with bath, toilet,
elevator, etc.; unfurnished or furnished to
order; new house. The St. Charles, 1500 1
Sacramento St., near Larkin.
ELLIS. C&5 — 2 sunny rooms, nicely furnished:
gas rahge, running water; $25.
ELLIS, 1178 — Nicely furnished connecting
rooms: bath, phone and running water; no
children. -.
FOURTH. 401— Front and back parlor for
housekeeping; also double and single rooms.
FULTON, 442— Partly furnished or unfur-
nished rooms for housekeeping; lees than 10
minutes' walk from City Hall; reasonable.
GUERRERO. 1323 — Extra nice sunny rooms;
reasonable. Phone Church 5536.
HAIGHT, 224 — 3 nicely furnished rooms, bath,
for housekeeping; suitable for 2- or 3 adults.
HOWARD; 112S— Front and back furnished
suites for housekeeping; sunny.
HOWARD. 1310 — One large room nicely fur-
pished for housekeeping and one single room.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. i:«0 Plne^
Sunny, furnished :;-room suites; steam heat-
ed, electric lighted; free br.iha; rate S30 up.
TAYLOR, 911—2 furnished rooms, gas range,
sink, $10; single room, gas range, $t> 50.
HOUSEKEEPING BOOMS WANTED.
WANTED — By a young married couple. 2 part-
ly furnUhed rooms and kitchen, with gas
range: north of Market st, within H blocks
of Call building. Address, stating price, Box
4111, Call.
APABTLSEJIT SOUSES.
A -ST. HILA1RE APARTMENTS—
LAGUNA ST.. NEAR GEART.
Will be ready for occupation In a few
days. Everything new. Make your
reservations now. Elegantly furnished
apartments with private bath — 2. :t and
4 rooms; steam heat: electric, light; ele-
vator; private phones; rates reasonable.
A— CORDOVA APARTMENTS
Will be finished March 15.
10S4 SUTTER ST.. NE. COR. LARKIN ST.
Beautifully light and sunny; 2-S-4 rooms and
bath each; all unfurnished; $27 50 to $40.
Make reservations now.
6T. CECILE, 115 Fell, above Van Ness— The
acme of perfection In elegantly furn. 3-room
apartments; private baths, steam heat, elec-
erlc lights, elevator, gas ranges: $30 to $33.
ST. LOUIS. 1575 Jackson st. — Modern 3-4-5
rooms; also single: furnished or unfurnished;
marine view; references. Phcne East 1350.
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Unfnrn".
AURORA, corner Second and Folsom its.— New
house, new furniture; every room outside;
modern and sunny; prices from $1 50 per
week up; this is the only up-to-date house In
this vicinity: first-class grill attached.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth st. — Rooms
25c to $1 per night, SI 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms: open all night.
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth et.)— Rooms. 25e, 50c.- $1, $1 50 night;
$1 50 to $10 week: house open all night.
ALL newly furnished, beautiful rooms at the
Waverly rooming house. 841 O'Farrell st.
AVOCA, S.17A Mission st!— Nice single rooms
with electric light; $1 50 per, week and up.
BURNETT. 142G Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlshed rooms, tulte, single: also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
CUMMINGS (The). 618 Post. nr. Taylor— Just
opened; desirably located; sunny, single rootni
and suites, with private baths, hot and cold
water, steam heat, electric lights, phone every
room; elevator. Phone East 1317 If desired.
EDDY. 110, near Mason — Nicely furn. front
room or sunny suite; prices reasonable.
FOR single gentleman. »n private home (no
other roomers), a large, sunny, furnished
room, with bath adjoining; 4 blocks from
park entrance and 3 blocks from panhandle.
Addresfi box 2624, Call offlce.
FRANKLIN, 721, nr. Golden Gate ave.^-Sunny
furn. front room: all conveniences; $S-$I2.
GRAND Southern, 7th and Mission — Rooms 33a
to $1 25 night: $1 50 to $6 wk.: reading-room.
GOLDEN GATE av., 1315, nr. Fillmore — Nicely
furnished room, use of bath, with closet.
GUERRERO. 1323 — Large sunny rooms, single
or en suite; reasonable. Phone Church 5536.
MASON, 213% — Sunny bay-window front room;
other rooms, ?2 per week up: clean; quiet.
POWELL, 609 — Large sunny .rear room; suit-
able for one or two men. /
ROYAL House, 12C Ellis— Incandescent lights,
reading-room,' amoklng-ioom and ladles' par-
lor; rooms per night. 35c to $1 50;. week, $2
to $S; month. $S to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
TURK, 7S0 — Modern parlor suite; sunny and
nicely (urnlshed; a quiet home for gentleman.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market— 400
rooms, 35c to $1 night, $1 79 to JG week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water In every
. room; elevator.read.-room; free bus; baggage.
VAN NESS ave.. BIO— Elegant front parlors
and adjoining suite for offlce or club. .
VAN WINKLE. 207 Jones— Nicely furnished
rooms. $2: tunny suites. $5 per week; baths
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 3d «t.. near Market—
i Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms:
t 35c to $1 60 night; $2 to $8 week: elevator;
¦' elec. lights: reading-room: free bus: baggage.
WOLF House, 202 Sixth— Electric light In every
room; 15c to $1 a night: 75c to $3 a week:
open all nlcht: convenient to all cars.
ROOMS AXD BOARD. '
. HOTEL.
731 - Bush -St., above Powell; select flrst-
class reeidental * hotel : elegantly furnished
and table unsurpassed; electric light; steam
heated and private exchange : telephones In
every room: terms reasonable,
B. DUCARPE. Prop.
OCTAVIA, SW. cor. ' Sacramento! overlooking
Lafayette square — Can accommodate a few
adults with excellent rooms and board. -
HOTEL BALTIMORE, ~~~~~~~,
1015 VAN NESS AVE., NEAR GEARY ST.
SELECT AND FIRST CLASS.
PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 706.
HOWARD. 841A— First-class board with room.
v single -or double, . $4 50-$5 week: American
, family; home cooking; home comforts; piano.
HEAL ESTATE — CITV — FOH SALE. !
G. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 20 Montgomery Bt.
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
of Investment, residence and unimproved prop--
ertles will be held at our salesroom. 20 Mont-
gomery st., Monday, March 28, 1U04, at 12
o'clock noon.
PARTITION SALE. . f
The four following choice business proper-
ties will be offered by order of the heirs of
the Helena Mersinc estate.
No. 1.
SW. cor. Devisadero and Fell sts:; substan-
tial improvements, store and 3 flats of 4-8
rooms and bath each: rents low at $120* per
month; iot 27:UxlO6:3.
No. 2.
Devisadero St.. west line; south of Fell St.;
unimproved lot, 25x100:3.
No. 3.
1213-15-17 Folsom St.. bet. Sth and 9th: 2
stores and flat of ft rooms and bath; rented
lew at $40 per month: lot 25x90.
No. 4.
NW. cor. 8th and Folsom sts.; Improve-
ments, store, flat of 8 rooms and 4 hour.es of
fl rooms each: rented low at $147. per month;
large lot 75x75.'
CHOICE PARK HOLDING.
NE. cor. Fulton st. and 35th ave. ; this hold-
ing will more than double In value In a few
years; Its close proximity to- the new speed
course and Ppreckels Lake will make 4t a very
choice corner: 120x450; mortgage of $4500 at
6 per cent can remain.
l! I ': '"¦
a 35tb AVK
5 ¦ ¦ ¦
450
-A I —
i — — -
o
o
I' 1
CHOTCE BUSINESS CORNER.
NW. cor. Fulton and Baker sts. ; substantial
modern building containinc store and 2 flats
of 8 rooms and bath each; rents low at $122 50
per month; lot 37 :«xl>6:10Vj.
DEVISADERO-ST. FLATS.
303-303 >4 Devisadero St., near Page; 2 flats
of a rooms and bath each; rents $47 50 per
month; a splendid holding to Improve for busi-
ness purposes; lot 25xlo7:0.
SPEAR-ST. BUILDING LOT.
Spear St.. SW. line, bet. Market and Mission;
unimproved lot, 34:4^4x137:0; a choice holding
for wholesale purposes.
BRYA.NT-ST. CORNER.
041-r? Bryant st. and 1-35 White place, bet.
7th and Sth sts.; improvements consist of a
number of houses anil cottages from 3 to 0
rooms each; rents $18» per month; a splendid
holdlnz for factory or warehouse purposes;
large lot, 56:3x276.
MINNA -ST. INVESTMENT.
5O4-0 Minna st.. north line, near Cth;- 4
tenements of 3-4 rooms each; rents «4S per
month; a splendid holding for speculative pur-
poses; lot 25x75.
VALLEJO-ST. CORNER.
720-8 Vallejo st., NW. cor. of Vulcan Ian*",
bet. Stockton nnd Powell sts.; 2 brick build-
ings of 8 rooms each; rents $40 per month;
lot 40x05.
VALENCIA-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
, The seven following; lots must be sold; terms
one-third cash, balance can- remain on mort-
gage at 6 per cent:
Valencia st., east line. bet. ICth and 17th;
2 building lots, 32:(5xi)7:U each. ....
Valencia st.. east line, bet. ISth and 19th;
4 buildins lots, 25xS0 each.
Valencia st.. east line, bet. 19th and 20th;
buildins lot. 25x80. • ;
For catalogue and further particulars apply
lo G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 20 Montgomery st.
EASTON* ELDRIDGE & CO..
G.J8 MARKET ST.
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
TUESDAY March. 20, 1904
At our salesrooms at 12 o'clock noon.
PINE-STREET RESIDENCE.
2607 Pine st.. east of Devisadero; a most
desirable 2-story residence, containing « rooms
and bath and renting for ?:J5 per month; mort-
gage of $.".r>(i0 can remain.
TURK-STREET INVESTMENT.
822 Turk ?t., east of Gough St.; extremely
large lot. :;S:9x.S7-.ti; substantial Improvements;
2-story house containing 17 large rooms and
bath; renting for $75 month and mortgage of
?UO<K> can remain .
ASHBURY HEIGHTS BUILDING LOT.
Eiisterly line of Lotta st., 100 feet south of
Parnassus St.; lot 25x101; this property is
beautllully situated and commands an ex-
cellent view.
PINK STREET. NEAR HYDE.
N. line of Pine St., No. 1312: improvements
consist of a desirable residence, S spacious
rooms; new modern plumbing; porcelain bath,
etc
MISSION COTTAGE. '
217 Montcalm St., near Isabelle; large lot,
50x70 ft.; beautiful G-room cottage, outbuild-
ing?, barn, chicken-house, etc.
WALLER-STREET BUILDING LOT.
N line of Waller st., 25 ft. west of Belvedere ;
lot 25x100. This lot is. situated near the Park
Panhandle District and is a particularly de-
sirable site for building purposes.
MISSION RESIDENCE.
Easterly line of Howard St., south of 20th,
kpown as 2417 Howard St.; extremely large
grounds; C2 feet .by 122:0; a most beautiful
residence thereon. 14. rooms, porcelain bath;
new • plumbing throughout; place heated by
gas and furnace.
OCEAN BEACH BUILDING LOTS.
Westerly line of 47th ave.. 100 ft. S. of K
ft.; 10 building lots. 25x120 ft. each; these
lots may be purchased by small cash pay-
ments, balance monthly; streets graded;' lots
ready for building; an unobstructed view of
the ocean.
FILLMORE-STREET INVESTMENT. .
Nos. 3114-1B-18 Fillmore St., near Green*
wlch; lot 32:6xS2:0: Improvements, 2 stores
with living rooms and a large concert or lodge
room above, known as Union Hall; stores
rent for $12 each per month: hall rented al-
most nightly at $5 per night.
CASTRO-STREET BUILDING LOT.
East line of Castro st., 71:6 S. of Army St.:
lot 25x118 ft.; this property is in a delightful
portion of the Mission and would make a de-
lightful, site for a residence.
For further particular* apply to
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
. 638 Market street.
BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY,
INSTALLMENT HOMES, 512 Callaghan bid.,
will build on your property of buy you a lot;
$8 a month pays principal and. Interest on
each $1000 of balance due, making your ln-
stallments less than rent; send for circular.
12-ROOM houte must be sold for mortgage.
604 Ellin. . ' '. -
ALAMEBA ADVERTIS'MENTS
ALAMEDA HEAL ESTATES.
$5250 — A RARE bargain: chance of a life-
time, two beautiful, up-to-date, modern 6-
room flats on Clinton ave. ; bay frontage;
beautiful marine view; elegant surf bathing;
bathhouses, etc.: this is a rare chance; don't
overlook it. HAMMOND & HAMMOND. 1422
Park st. __^
A— $2600; LOT 58x114. on Park st., with fine
cottage of 6 rooms: beautiful grounds- with
furniture $3000. See R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny Bt. ' "•- . ' ¦ ¦
ALAMEDA FU81XISHED HOUSES.
FIVE-ROOM house and bath; convenient to
both stations. 1526 Bay st., Alameda.
BERKELEY Al) VEBT'S'M'NTS
BEItKELEY^ REAL ESTATE.
WHY pay rent when -you can buy a new 5-
room cottage; bath; i nantry; folding doors;
pretty mantel: electric lights; city water:
patent closet." bleb basement; - brick foun-
dation; large lot;, close to station and elec-
tric cars', school, church and stores; price
SIC50; terms $150 cash, balance same as rent,
$18 monthly; o:>en Sundays.. O. A. RU-
DOLPH. Lorln Station.
A. MURDOCK &. CO.. South Berkeley station.
for bargains: we build, buy, sell or exchange.
OAKLAND ABVEETISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
TO-MORRCW the. day for bargains in furni-
ture H. Schclhaas.llth 2t.,cor.storc.Oakland.
Edward H.. beloved infant son of William J.
and Julia Holgersen. brother of Ethel. Alice.
Willie and Albert Holgersen. and grandson
of John ami the late Mary Harrington and
Ann and the late Hans Holgersen. a native
of San Francisco, aged 2 years and tt months.
tJ* Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 11 o'clock, from the parents'
residence. 2932 Turenty-ftrst street, corner of
Treat avenue. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tcrv.
HOWARD— In this city. March 22. lOM. Irvln
Howard, beloved father of Mrs. W. J. Blatt-
ner. Mrs. C M. Erkson. Mra. G. R. Butler
and Mrs* Louise qarlson. a native of Can-
ada, nged 77 years and 6 months. ¦
C7"Frien<i« and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 237 Hayes street. Interment Odd
Fellows' Cemetery. *
JALfMSTEIN— In this city. March 21. 1904.
Estella. beloved daughter of Mrs. Hannah
Jaluimtein. and sister of Mrs. P. Saplro.
Mrs. M. Cohn and David Jalumsteln. a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 29 years 11
months and 11 days.
ttJ- Friends and acquaintance*" are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of Halsted & Co.. 946 Mission street.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
Officers and members of San Souci Parlor
No. 9C. N. D. G. W.. are requested to at-
tend the funeral of our late slater. Estella
Jalumstein. to-day (Wednesday), at 11:30
o'clock, from the parlors of Halsted A Co.,
946 Mission street. By order of th« Presi-
dent. JESSIE €. HUNTERS.
MINNIE F. DOBBINS, Secretary.
KOEPF— In this city. M.ir.h 20. 1004, John
Jr.. eldest and dearly beloved son of John
and Elise Koepf. and brother of Dora. Fred.
Hilda and Marie Koepf. a native of San
Francisco, aged IS years 3 months and 2
days.
ICFrlen(ls» acd acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday),- at 1 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his parents. Visltaclon Valley, near
the Six-Mile House. San Bruno road. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
McGLINCHY— In this city, March 22. 1904.
Ellen McGUnchy, a native of Ireland, aged
62 years.
McMULLIN'— In San Rafael. Cal.. March 21.
1904, W. J. McMullin. belored husband of
Minnie C. McMullin. son of Mrs. John B..
and brother of G. H. McMullin.
CFrienda ami acquaintance)! are respect-
fully invited to attend th« funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 10:15 o'clock, from hla lats
residence at San Rafael. thence to St.
¦ Raphael's Church, where masa will be cele-
brated at 1&-.3O o'clock. Interment. San
Rafael. .
McNAUGHTOX— In this city. March 21. 1904,
Elizabeth Charlotte McNaughton, beloved
wife of James McNaughton. and slater o{
Mrs. John R. Smith and Mrs. Annie Smith,
a native of Kelso, Scotland.
E7The funeral will take place from her
late residence, 1512 Franklin street, to-day
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock. Interment pri-
vate. Mount Olivet Cemetery. Please omit
flowers.
NIEBLING— In this city, March 21, 1904,
Sophie-, beloved wife of Henry Nlebllns.
mother of Henry Jr. and Byron Niebling.
and sister of Henry W. Schuster, a na-
tive of Germany, aged 4.1 y«ars & months
and 7 days. (Marysvllle papers please eopy.)
VT Friends and acquaintances are respect-*
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at It) o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co:, 1137 Mission street,
between Seventh and Eighth. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
ORTEZ— In the City and County Hospital.
March 22, 1904. Santiago Ortez. a native of
Mexico, aged 74 years.
PEDRINI— In Camp Taylor. Cal., March 20.
lSit>4. Maria Pedrtnl. beloved wife of Angelo
Pedrinl. and mother of Adelina, Teresa.
Geurglna, Erslglia and Katie Pedrinl. a na-
tive of Corsagna, province of Lucca. Italy,
aged 29 years.
• C7 Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the un-
dertaking parlors of Iacchert, Ducloit tt Co.,
U23 Broadway, between Dupont and Stock-
ton streets, to Sts. Peter and Paul's
Italian Church, corner Filbert and Dupont
streets, for services. Interment Italian Cem-
etery (vault),
P.OBERTS— In this city. March 21. 1904.
Lillian Anna, beloved daughter of William
and Myrtle Roberta, and granddaughter of
Mrs. E. Harbin and Mrs. E. Roberta, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 4 years 9 months
and -1 days.
ICFrienus and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from the chapel
of Julius S. Godeau. 305 Montgomery ave-
nue. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
BUSSI— In this city. March 21. 1304. Rosa,
dearly beloved and only daughter of WU-
helin and Rosa Russi. and loving sister of
Edward. Fred and Joseph Wettsteln. a. na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 10 months and
6 days.
CTTriends ar.d acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of the parents. 3 Treat avenue, between
Thirteenth ar.d Fourteenth streets. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SESNON — A solemn requiem mass, the Month's
Mind, will be celebrated in St. Mary's Ca-
thedral on Thursday morning at 1O o'clock
for the repose of the soul of Katherlne Ses-
non, mother of William T.. John J., George
H., Father Robert Sesnon and Mrs. Mary
A-Mstln.
SHEA— In this city. March 22. 1904, at her
residence, 1375 Golden Gate avenue.
Mary A., beloved daughter of Annie and the
late James Shea, a native of San Francisco.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the services to-morrow
(Thursday), at Holy Cross Church, Eddy
and Scott streets, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of het soul, at 9:3O o'clock. Interment pri-
vate. Please omit flowers.
STARK — In this city. March 21, 19<U. Mor-
timer L. Stark. beloved son of the late
Jerome B. and Rawsey Stark, a native of
New Hampshire, aged 4l> years t months
and 10 days.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of tho H. F. Maa* Company. 917
Mission street. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery. Oakland.
STARASINIC— In this city. March 21. 1904.
Nicholas Staraeinic. a native of Austria.
aged 24 years. A member of the Austrian
Carniolan Benevolent Society of St. Joseph.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-
morrow (Thursday), at 9 o'clock, at Py-
thian Castle. 900 Market street, where ser-
vices will b« held under the auspices of the
Austrian Carni«lan Benevolent Society of St.
Joeeph. thence . to St. Ignatius Church, Van
Ness avenue and Hayes street, where mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Remains at the
parlors of Gantner Bros.. 1209 Mission «tr«et.
.between Eighth and Ninth, until Thursday
'at 8:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cem-
etery.
STECHER— In this city. March 21. 1904.
Frledrlch Joseph, dearly beloved «on of Ele-
nore and the late Phillip Stecher. brother of
' the li-te Edward and Otto Stecher, and
nephew of Mrs. A". E. Weber of San Jose,
a native of New Haven. Conn., aged 4«> years
2 months and 20 days. A member of.
Gesellschaft Teutonia. Gambrinus Verein.
and Carpenters' Union, Local 483.
(C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of bis mother. 317 Minna street, be-
tween Fourth and Fifth. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
TAREL— In this city. March 22. lfXM. Sarah
Tarel. a native of Ireland, aged 6.H years.
WALTER— In this city. March 21, liMH. Her-
man A., beloved husband of the lato Marti
. Walter, and father of Herman. Frank.
Henry and Edward Walter and Mrs. J. Cal-
lan. a native of Germany, aged 34 years 11
months nnd 14 days.
ICT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of Gantner Bros.. 1209 Mfesion street, be-
tween I Eighth and Ninth streets. Crema-
tion i. O. O. F. Cemetery.
ZL'PAR— In»thia city. March 21. 1904, at his
residence, lt$3 Tehama street. Captain
Vincent N. Zupar. dearly beloved husband
of Ernestina Zupar. and dearly beloved
father of Vincent N\, Victor and William
Zupar and Mrs. L. Lcuwart, a native of
Istria, Austria, aged 6a years 11 months and
Hi daye. (Eastern and foreign papers pleas*
copy.)
CTFricnda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 12 o'clock, from bis late
residence. 163 Tehama street, between Sec-
ond and Third, thence to Austrian Hall. 307
Sutter street, where services will be held
¦ under the auspices of the Austrian Military
and Benevolent Association. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
j HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
¦ Successors lo Flannagan & Callaxher.>
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mrr
FlTNEIiAL DIRECTORS AND E.MUALMER3,
20 Fifth st., oposlte Lincoln SciwoL
Telephone South 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers
Formerly In Metropolitan Tempi*.
NOW at NUU MISSION. Tel. South. 167,
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth st.
Finest Equipments at Moderate Rates.
James McGinn. " . ~ Henry Haruea.
• JAMES McGINN & CO., }
Formerly With McGinn Bro*.
—Funeral Directors and Embalmers——.
214 Eddy at.; TeL. South 57K; ' ,
OFFICES A>D STORES TO LET.
TO let— Office space, shop space. 32 First St.;
ground floor or basement.
PERSONALS.
A fresh, smooth and young looking face,
With a real, genuine '-baby skin."
Don't Corgflet the name, M. ELLA HARRIS.
The number, 7»1 O'Farrell Et., near Larkin.
Call cr write for book, free,
"Hints on Beauty."
Al SUITS to order at II weekly. We have
contracts with leading houses to take all
their short ends, called remnants. We mr.ke
you a tine suit on installments cheaper than
others do for cash. LEON LEMOS. merchant
tailor, 112T Market st., bet. 7th and 8th.
GRADUATES of New York School of Massage
Osteopathy; vapor and electric baths; face
vibrating machine for rheumatism; genuine
tubs, hot and cold water; trained nurses as
attendants. Prof, and Mrs. Morris, 118 Taylor
THE Star Hair Remedy rcptores gray hair, im-
proves its growth, stops fainng.cures dandruff
and itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleans?s sealp;at druggists', hairdressers' ;ac-
cept no substitute. Star P.emedy Co.,133S Polk
A — lilcrotln», a positive cure for 'catarrh, cold
in the head, hay fevr, headache and all
bronchial affections; «end for free sample.
MOUNTAIN TEA MEDICINE CO., 272 Oth.
PROF. F. L. BAMFORD will lecture before
the William Morris Club March 24 at 8 p.
m. on Jack London's famous book, "The
People of the Abyss." Tickets 25 cents.
Cancerous lumps, sores, impure blocd (affecting
skin, mouth, bones, etc.). speedily cured by
skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy, 251 Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and . all drug dis-
eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co.,
S12 Shotwell; consultation free; call or write.
HAIR grown gray restored; pimples, wrinkles,
all blemishes removed: shampooing specialty.
MME. ROUME. 231 Post, parlors 13 and 14.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoat3
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS' London
Tailor, 721 Market st.
SOCIAL dances Wed., Thurs., Sat. and Sun.;
classes Mondays, Fridays. Louise Foster's
School pf Dancing. 1556 Market, nr. Larkin.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
dee. needle. Dr. and Mrs. Travers, 1170 Mkt.
SUITS to order on installments of $t' per week
NEUHAUS & CO. (Inc.), tailors. 720 Market.
LIQUOR habit cured in two days or no charge.
ACME LIQUOR CURE CO.. tW>~ Market st.
Actlna restores lost eyesight ;cures deafness and
catarrh. A 1 VIP A Co.. 3524 19th, nr. Valencia.
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist. 3C0 Sut-
ter. r. 609. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, room 38.
MASQUERADE conumes, play books. wlps;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
TAILOR-MADE suit *7 50; dress pants $2 5oT
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna resto'res gray
hair to Its natural color. $1; at all druggists'.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch offlce, cor. Duncan and Church sta.
PALMJiTUV.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor st.. near Geary. Phone Black 561.
mmmm "" ™ — *— ~ ™^ *— ™ — — — ""^ -*— " *" ~— —
PAINTIXG. ETC.
ROOMS papsred, $4 up; tinting, painting
Hartmann Paint Cd.. 31U Third: Ul. Main 413.
PARTNERS WANTED.
ADVERTISER would like to join man In
small mail order business with office. Box
4104, Call office.
PHYSICIANS AXD SURGEOXS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL — Offlce and~res7u7ncc\
1021 «.i Market St.. bet. Cth and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 107:: V* Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor;
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at 607 G«>ary st.. near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY, successor to Dr. Li Po'
Tai. herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
WONG WOO. the famous,herb doctor— All dls-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 740-8 Clay st
REAL ESTATE Country— for Sale.
W. J. WHITE. "~"
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWHERE.
EXCHANGES.
$15,000—103 acres; all level; 1 mile of town;
Contra Costa County; elegant 9-room house; 2
large barns; 7 i>ouHry houses; '£ large gran-
aries; income about *3000 a year; best ranch
in the county.
J30. 000— Kl£ math Co., Southern Oregon; bor-
dering on Big Klamath Lake; 3000 acres; cut
about J40O tons of hay annually; also large
quantities of grain; well fenced and crons-
fenced; good S-room residence; farming imple-
ments; lo horses; 3 eood barns, etc.
$10,000 — In Sonoma Co.; SW acres well fenced
in a fields; house; 3 larce barns; dairy house,
well watered; acres tillable; all level; 2\
) acres 8-year-old orchard; 30 head cattle; 20
hogs; farming implements, etc.; $5000 mort-
gage; tra<ir- for bay property
$27,000— In Placer Co.. on R. R.— 16S0 acres,
part river bottom, all can be ploughed; carry
400 head cattle year round; dwelling; 3 good
bams; farming implements; 90 head cattle; 11
head hcrsrs; plenty water to irrigate; part cash.
$8500— Scld by order of Superior Court, 10SD
acre*, near Point Arena, 200 acres fine potato
land; apple orchard; 5(»0 acres more could be
planted; :>00 acres heavy timber; well im-
proved and fenced: fine dairy or stock ranch.
$.1000 — Best ranch in Southern Oregon; 320
acres; 2 sets good improvements; well fenced;
orchard; 5 horses: farming tools; outside range.
$3250 — Only 2 miles of town, 105 acres; 10
acres old vineyard; family orchard; 60 acres
clover or alfalfa; under 3 ditches; large new
barn; will build dwelling to suit buyer; 10
fine milch cows; farming implements; only
$1000 down.
$25G0 — 100 acres near boat and cars, Sonoma
; Co.; Rood 6-room house; vineyard, orchard,
barn, outbuildings, horses, cow, poultry. $-00;
job can be had with the place.
?2500 — One mile P. O., schools and stores;
j 255 acres; 40 level; 10 could be Irrigated;
house, large barn, outhouses; well fenced and
cross-fenced; 150 hens; new buggy, wagon,
farming tools; some stock; 3 wells; water piped
to buildings; furniture.
$4000 — Two and a half miles. live town and
R. R.: 400 acres; 40 In grain on creek; about
100 acres more bottom land; 10 acres full bear-
ing orchard: balance timbered pasture; house,
bam, etc.; fine place for resort or sanitarium;
not far from city.
$5000 — .1 miles cf Santa Cruz; 47 acres; 18
under cultivation, balance fine pasture; 305
assorted fruit trees; 1500 grapes; windmill and
tank; water piped to buildings and yards;
splendid 8-room hard-finished house, good
stable and poultry houses; span good horses; 2
cows; 7 dozen hen?; single and double buggies
and harness; hay; farming tools and furniture;
trade for No. 1 property around bay.
S2650— 1G0 acres. S miles of Napa City, 2
miles P. O. ; 30 acres under cultivation; 15
acres full bearing fruit; 15 acres fine grain;
t>5 acres more could be cultivated; balance
broken and rocky; house, barn, poultry houses,
incubator, brooders, 2 wagons, 2 carts, horse,
cow, poultry, topis.
. $3000 — 160 acres, at station and near Santa
Cruz; 35 acre« clear: orchard; 10-room house;
outbuildings: mortgage $2000; trade equity.
$3500 — Near San Jose; 14 acres bearing fruit
mostly prunes; facilities for Irrigation; build-
ings.
$3250 — 20 acres sandy loam, only 2% miles of
Petaluma; house, 5 rooms nnd bath; part cash.
$750 — Gold mine, with 80-foot shaft and fine
body of ore in sight. El Dorado Co. ; assays
$14 a ton: would exchange for vacant lot,
$2500—60 acres; 6 miles from Santa Cruz; 20
acres under cultivation, balance rolling and
seme steep; small orchard and vineyard, bear-
ing; good 7-room house, barn, outbuildings;
bank foreclosure; $000 down and balance
monthly payments if desired.
$3500 — Near Petaluma; 13 acres: 6-room
house; good outbuildings; tools; wagon and
horse; 10 poultry houses; 400 hens; 2 incuba-
tors and brooders; a money-maker,
$1COO— Clwse to Sebastopol; 8 acres, 4 acres
bearing blackberries; family orchard; good
well; running water; fine Jersey cow; spring
wagon: harness; tools; furniture.
54500— Near Sebastopol: 24 acres; all level;
2 flowing streams; 6 acres apples; 3 acres
blackberries; nice 8-room house, barn; drying
plant; outbuildings; horses; farming tools; ru-
ral de'.ivery.
$2250 — 10 acres. ¦ all In apricots Just com-
mencing to bear; 6 miles from San Jose; lovely
borne; half cash. • '--¦/*/ '"••¦•-*¦
$1700 — In Sonoma City; 3% acres; all level;
good house, barn, 'Windmill, tank house; 13
poultry houses and yards; some alfalfa; spring
wagon; 500 chickens: feed house.
Send stamp for printed list.
W J. WHITE. 2H Montgomery st.. room 5.
PROPERTY EXCHANGES A SPECIALTY.
FOR sale — Country homes In every county In
California, at all prices, from $450 00 to
$72,000 00. Immense list to select from. If
you want land of any kind call on
HOWE & MERRITT.
032 Broadway. Oakland.
$10 A MONTH buys a 10-acre farm.
$200 profit per annum per acre.
Write for booklet. It's free. 603 J st.
WRIGHT tc KIMBROUGH. Sacramento. Cal
FOR sale — 52 acres. Including hay crop now
growing: 3 hours by R. R. from S. F.; cash
or exchange town lot; value $2000. S. H.
TARR. room 217, Parrott building.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, - orchards,
vineyards: inspected bargains; monthly i-'ata-
logucw sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO., WS
, Market bt.
AT C. U. UAXSEN &~C<VS 429 Bush
Government Wcrk — Kiulu nf Nevada.
Fe* $1X0 Special rate
TtamEter*. laborers, roctmer. £2. s^..")0
Set- boc« bere {rb'p i'»-n!ght
For Fim-Clafs Country Hotel.
K»i- urty nere Rate fare
Assistant day cJerk •' *40
Strong, mlddlc-aced man, cood ut fig-
ures $;«>, $40
Vegfiabltxnan *25, f SO
2 waiters lor help's hall *25
DiBi:»ather 5 ¦'•'*
•Colored dishwasher, country hotel $30
Lunc^irnia. cafe, fi'<: oyjtsrcr.an. cafe $45
Can-j) cook and wife. must, have worked
» !n a sawmill cam? $C0 up
Wai'.-r. country restaurant SW
Wait**, rctrl. city — $25
Gerr.-.iui blacksmith : also helper for lanre
' ranch *<5, $30
P'a'.Ur-r.i'.tii. country sshep ....$3.25 day
5 raper -foreman for a ranch $.io
Vegetable eardencr for Neva-ia. $!0
h:-.A f^r<3; eee party here.
•C. H. HAN SEN Jt CO 42? Bush
PYBOO&AFHXC artist rvsrstod; state experl-
«n^*\ references -sncJ t-alary expected; must
f>e able to <Jo cool work quicMy. Box 4103,
c'a:i offlce.
TWO -CHAIR barber shop for sale. 46 Sacra-
mento st. . ¦
WANTED — Those who eerved in the IT. S. Vol-
unteers in the war with ?pain and the Philip-
. p:re rebellion to apply for two months" extra
psy. which is now <Jue. For jxsrticulars. call
or address K. E. WiLSON. 45« Parrott bldg..
Ean Kraix-lsco; open f:cm 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.
WANTED — Competent «*Jesman for lubricating
greases ar.d oils; must be experienced : all
applications must *tate age. salary required,
givirr references; confidential. Address box
44i!7, Call office.
W'AXTFD — laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno Houee propri«?tor; has
e.ZC*& 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third Kt. ; 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
WANTED — A strorjr young man about 17 or
IS years oil for stock clerk, dry goods
house. Address It. B. & CO.. box 4100, Call.
COAT operators wanted for steady work;
wages no object. S. N. WOOD & CO., 27
G*ary st.
WANTED — Young men for ¦whaling cruise.
Apply IIurr.bG'.iit Houee. 78 Jackson st.
WANTET> — nug-'.er; Ftcamship Sonoma. Apply
seccni steward, pier 7.
BOY warted in flrug store. 409 Gough ct.
BARBERS, attention! For Fale — Complete out-
fit of 10 porcelain tub baths, with water
J.eater. 628 Broadway.
PAREER? — 3-chair *hop for sal« downtown.
Apply PTOLTZ. 723 Market Bt.
FOR sale — One-haif interest in rood barber
fher-; bargain. 1547 Mission st.
HALF interest in barber ehep. €11 Commer-
cial st.
TRY cur men's ehoes, union made, at SI and
$1 50 ia!r; foct-form ehoes at $2 50; we pay
express or mail charges. 11 3d St.. Exam. bid.
Pension Atty.. E. A. Bullis, r. 40. Phelan bldg.
P.ift Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A. R.
MAN to do janitor work for tuition In S. F.
Barber School. 741 Howard et.
VOl'NO rper.. tailors, blacksmiths, carpenters,
freen hands, for shipe. Herman's, 27 Steuart.
V/INCHKSTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 7i*i room*; 35c night; reading-rooms;
free 'bus and bag-gage to and from ferry.
ALL fize? ir.fr.'? shoes. El!«rht!y damaged, half
, rice. 50$ Mission Et., bet. 1st and 21 sta.
GET your shoes ha!f-soled while waiting; 25c
to Tsic. T.U1 Mi«*icTi et.. bet. let and 2d sts.
SOT.XCXTOBS WASTED.
W-ANTED— ~ .. ::
1-adk-s or gentlemen; ruaranterd salary $75
V' ?I00 r*r month and expends, traveling cr
.'.. and in addition we will pay all your
expenses to St. Lcui? Exposition and return;
investigate at once. Call at 470 12th ft , r. 7,
Oaitiar.fi. MR?. t-ARAH H. MOTT. Manager.
BOn^ES V\I> AVAGOXS.
REGULAR auction sale* cf fcorwr, buggies,
wr.gcns ar.d harness every Monday at 11
o'clock at C15 Ellis Ft.; all horsos guaranteed
"to be as represented. S. W ATKINS. Auc-
tion*er. Phone Eatt 743.
AUCTION «a!e of horses every Wednesday at
11 .a. m.. '."J.Z Sixth *t. : every horse must be
«* r*rr«-sented or money refunded. JOHN J.
DOYLE, Auctioneer.
(75— BAT mare; food driver; also goc-d unJ-r
taddle; mutt be sold at once. Apply to L.
. J. MORAN. 2121 Shattuck ave., orpesite
Herktlej- station.
A FIXE mere, pood for de-livery wapon, fami-
k ly .-arrisse or any other purpose; sound and
w^ e> n;ie. Apj iy box 1088, Call office. Oakland.
EAN FRANCISCO Veterinary College— N>xt
session «begiri» June 6. Catalogs by applying to
DR. E. J. CREELEY. 510 Golden Gate ave.
ISIi. J. H. HALTON. vet. surg.. has mcn-^1
uffifP. hospital to 814 Folsom; tel. Jessie 16lHi.
*¦'> HEAD young Ftock. 7 to 14 rnonthe old.
Apply J. LEIPSIC. 1421 Buchanan «t.
HORSE 6 years old for sale. Box 20C1, Call
office.
WANTED — A hor. e e for driving; Etate price,
«"tc. Bex :»75, Call office.
WANTED — A food sound work horse about
120» [Kgmdj. Box SSCS. Call office.
CAMPING l.ou*e wagon; preat for theatrical
partiee. Owner at C40 Howard et.
AUCTION every Tuesday, 11 a. m., cf horses,
wagor.g and harness, at 1140 Folsom st.
Al EXPP.ES? wagon, light camping wagon
end go-cart for gale, cheap. 632 Mission St.
Lanre-Ft assortmt 2<i-hand wag-ons. buckbd. sur-
re/, ha mest, work. driving horsee. ISth-Valencla.
HOLSKS TO LET.
A— PRINTED lift of houses to let; tend for cir-
oular. G. H.UMUSEN & CO., 20 Montgomery.
( Mf A LMBTEB- VX'.* — 12 rooms, bath and bii-
iiar ' 3 ' roor "- ***»: water free; modern.
EEE Renting Dr-partm-nt M. Friedman & Co..
237 Post «t., for nice fiats and houses.
UEFOHE moving ppt our printed list of houses
to K-t. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Post St.
MOt-SES TO LET FIRM$UED.
A— 10 LARGE room*, piano, bath, basement,
boater, laundry, large garden, conservatory
. runny «ide Sacramento et.. near Pierce- will
Irafp. Fur permit to innp^ct apply to SPE<'K
6 HI. ?ffo Montgomery Ft.
LOST AXD KOlSp.
1*>KT — A water spanitl. femaie, mostly white
with brown spots on back a«<l tars- roi*
and part of shipping tag on neck wh<-h losl
R< turn to 10 Turk et. and receive reward
Loht— March 22. vicinity Market and~Flr«t
«*.. ticket to Honolulu, S. S. Siberia; mis
A. C. BARKER, Pacific Mall S. «. Co. offlce!
'LOST — Diamond and pearls sunburst- from
•Thirtfenth str«t-t, .-rosMr.g Dubote Park and
Pierre to Haigt-t; liberal reward. S77 J3th st.
BTBXTED — Great Dane dog, 4 white feet- col
lar and lic*r.*e on. Return to HAYDEN'S
cuirfc.< t, 120 Ninth st.. city.
ST. BERNARD puppy ; liberal reward
YOUNG CORBETT.
' LOST— Esquimaux bitch; name Zaza; with
I ° hi»TiPfa«. liftum 236 Taylor Et. ; reward.
j MKMICAL.
A — LADIES, if you are suffering from Irreg-
ularities cr any Riiment, you will avoid dis-
¦i, i- .-.-:< • :.:.* b>- consulting me first. iiy
method of treatment is positive and harm-
• le#» ar.d 1 guarantee immediate relief Jrom
eny cause cr make no charge*. Advice free
Call or write DR. SYLVESTER. 219 Kearny.
•LADIES desiring eafc. eure imd quick relief
from Irregularities con<«ult me at once- my
methods are always (safe, uainlees and reli-
able: I have no failures; cure guaranteed- no
exorbiti.2.1 ft-ts; 17 years' rx:*Tienc<» in all
female disorders; call cr write without <J»lay
auvice fr^e; correspondence confidential
DR. WHITE. 7C£ Market st.. rooms 7 and 8.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints ar.d irropularities; instant rcl'cf
.- guaranteed; 30 years' txperlerjce. KJG Pest st.
MSB. VH: KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
n:ale troubles and irregularities; Instant re-
licf 100&& Market ft., opp. 5th.
Vrt. Goodwin. 7TI Turk. nr. Van Ncrs — Expert
In obsu-trics, female ccmpl.iims; inst. rr-lipf-
treatmont $1U; hours, 10 to 5; 25 years' exper!
MflS. !>. ALLEN. IKS Market— Reliable iadiTs'
rpeclallst; a private home before nnd dur>ng
confinement : best medical rare; low fees.
LADIES — O-.iT monthly regulator never fails- |
box free. VITA CO.. Station A. Detroit. Mien.'
"I rt. ROSEN resides 2903 Folsom *t.. corner
Stith; ladies, iciief cr no J:; 510.
MEDICAL- Continued.
L'}'.. (J. \V. O"IX).\"NELL— All who are sick cr
in trouble consult this Fi.ocialist on female
e^mpJateti; positively corrected; the unfortu-
Hate helpni; the most difficult cases treated;
adyice Irt-e. Office. 1018 Market »t.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS:
orijflrr.l method uf treatment. 112G Market st.
DR. N'G. TOY KF.E. 310 Powell st.. opposite
Union equate: all diseases cured \>y herbs.
MlSCKLLAXEOL'S — FOR SALE. .
BOILnilS. fi:glnea. 2-J-l.ar.ii machinerj*. McIN-
TOSII & WOLPMAN. J».">-197 Fremont st.
LOUS YOUIt KOOkTeAK?
Iiejair it with elaterite; in rolls easy to lay;
necUs no r-air.ting or coating; good ever old
iron, tin or fhin^lea; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO., 713 Market st
2D-HAND machinery, boilers, engines, paiiii-*,
pulleys, yhaftine. etc., etc., bought, sold,
rTit»d ar.d eNchar.ced; «=<?e Sunday papers.
H. S WHITE JICHT. CO.. 130-132 Bealo Rt.
DKSKS and office furniture; f20,000 stock to
be sold befcr« April 15; this Ftock can be
bought la large or freall lots. T. P. Mc-
CAP.TIIY CO.. 7S2 Mission. Phone Bush 407.
PAINT your old and now metal and shingle
roofs with Asbestos Roof Paint; guarantetil
to stou all leaks in the one and preserve the
new. 205 Front St.; tel. Main 142S.
A— FINE suits, J7 HO; dress pants, $2 50. Orig-
inal Ml5tit Clothing Parlors, 23S Kearny st,,
near Bush; open to 9 p. m., Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, Ff-lls or rents gear machinery, tn-
2ine?, boiler*, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 25^-255 fpt-ar St.
ALTERATION sale— Best S2 RO hats] $1 rrf>.
Popular Price Hatter. SM Kearny rt.. near
Pine; open to 9 p. m. : Sundays to nocn.
TRY our men'e Ehoe« at $1 and *1 50 pair:
foot-form slioes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d Bt., Exam. bid. ; catalog f roe.
3>jc ROLL and up; fine wall rapcr; t-arnplfs
mailed; painting, tintlnp. |Mt>*rtaaT. M. MER-
IOAN. 1302 Webster. Tel. Jackson 1321.
SHOE repairing shop for sale: in country. Ad-
dress JOSHPH LEDDY, Williams. Cal.
FOR sale— One CO-light electric bath cabinet.
Particulars Electric Works, 227 Ellis st.
FOR sale — Piano, music box, organ. harn??s
and modern house. 422 Orange St., Oakland.
BARGAINS In fine diamonds and watches;
easy payment*. GARIN. 003 Hayward blJg.
Encyclopedia Brltannlca: Scribner edition; half
morrocco. King's old bookstore. Cl McAllister.
GASOLINE engines bought, sold, exchanged.
repaired. Sykes-Corgpn Co.. 254 Beale st. '
SAFES and carh registers new and second-
hacd. I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market rt.
SOME good second-hand gasoline engines 1 to
12 h. p.. cheap. E. B. Beck & Co., 122 Mket.
ELOT machines cheap; Chicago*^ Twentieth
Centuries. Pucks. BACIGALUPI. 833 Market.
DESKS and safes; see the complete line at lSlfl
Market, ab. Van Ness. RICHARDSON BROS.
SAFES — New end second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. .'!07 Battery st.
MOVING picture*, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargain.*. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post st.
SAFES— Xew and second-hand. E B BECK
& CO., 122 Market st.
GAPOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 4C Fremont st.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
malts. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
MISCELLANEOUS WAXTS.
SHOES wanted: misfit & castoff; highest prcs. ;
new & 2d hand * hoes for sale. 749 Mission.
j BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOLMES,
1149 Market st. ; phone Jeseie 3741, or postal.
I PAY highest prices for all kinds of cast-off
clothing; tend postal. MORRIS, 943 Folsom.
TILTON wants pood second -hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Oth st.; tel. Jessie 2S51.
3IOXEY TO LOAX.
AAA-HERMAX MURPHY.
601-002-603 Examiner Building.
Quirk Fettlcment?; no disappointments.
Save expf-r.a^s by dealing directly.
Kstatts. second mortgages, - undivided Inter-
t?t.= ; aEsignments of rents; property in trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money.
S»e HERMAN MURPHY.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY (INC.).
CONTROL $1,000,000.
RF.AL ESTATE LOANS.
INTEREST 6 PER CENT.
FIRST. SECOND AND THIRD MORTGAGES.
CITY AND OAKLAND,
COUNTRY AND TOWN PROPERTIES.
ESTATES IN PROBATE.
UNDIVIDED INTERESTS IN REAL. ESTATE
REAL ESTATE IN TRUST.
107-&-S-10-U. CROCKER BUILDING. S. F.
WILL LOAN " ~~
A reasonable amount on
1st, 2d or 3d
Mortgace. on real estate or
Chattels, in city, town
or country.
Low rate of interest.
Give full particulars
of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
Box 40S. Call Offlce.
MONEY loa.ned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boardlng-housps, without
Ffcurity: easy payments; large business in
4>i principal citiej. Tolman, 553 Parrott bldg.
ANY amount tjulckly on furniture or piano,
without removal or other security; no com.;
fairest rates: strictly confidential. National
Credit Co.. 68 Donohoe bldg., 1170 Market it.
HIGHLY reeoectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
per cpnt Interefct. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
846 Market : t tel. Main 1044. Branch. 19 Third.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal ;
no commission; no publicity: $25 up; quick
quiet, confidential. 2tt Montgomery St., rm. 7.
MONEY to loan en low interest: gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HKSTKAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE, 103 Grant ave.,
LOANS FROM >1 TO <10.000.
NEW easy method — To wage earners on unln-
dorsed notes; absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company, roofag 48-49. Chronicle bldg.
TO salaried people without Becurity; on furni-
ture, indorsed notes and other security. S. F.
Discount Agency, 143 Phelan bldg.
AT lowest rate* on furniture and pianos; strict
privacy :no commission: installments accepted.
_BONELLI. 301 Eddy. Conservatory building.
ALL loans on diamonds and jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank, 5.'i8 Kearny.
3% ON furniture & pianos: $1S up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81, 6 Eddy st.
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mutual
Savings Bank building. 708 Market st.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
yalaried employes. R. 311 Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH loaned salaried people <on notes without
Indoor. MORELL. KQfl Examiner building.
MI'SIOAL INSTRUMENTS.
BA^tGATNlTTrrinjeON^H^
FOLLOWS:
Two Fteinway, one Chickering, one Sterling,
one Haines Bros., two Steck, one Stclnway
prand and on«> Steck grand; also many other
pianos from |75 up and square pianos from $10
up. al". fully guaranteed.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 18 O'Farrell st.
A CLEARANCE sale of upright pianos from
5./0 up; j,Teatest bargains ever offered In Ban
Francisco; all makes. We rent upright
¦ r:anoK for $2 rx-r month; new at $3 per
rr.onth; all money paid applies on purchase.
Heine piano Co., 235-237 Geary *t. Oakland
rtddrfss 1252 Broadway.
THE pianos of the lat« OTTO BENDIX. con-
ciEtir.g of Knabe grands and Kobler & Chase
uprights, all purchased last June, are of-
fered for sale at a large sacrifice. Apply at
once to MRS. OTTO BENDIX. California j
Conservatory. 1329 Sutter at., cor. Franklin.
ONLY t>i.uio house In the city that will rent
you a new piano for $3 per month and allow
« months rest and cartage off purchase
price; eolo events for McPnait. Schiller and
other makes. SCOTT-CURTAZ, 560 Hayes.
SPLENDID naw Lu.lwic piano for Bale at
bargain: instrument scarcely been used*
$325; 52UO down and rest at 10 per cent D«r
month. H. DOYLE, 1023 Market st.
A FEW unredeemed storage pianos (also furni-
ture) will b« sold to cay storage dirt cheao.
WHITEHEAD'S ttorage. Ki30 Market bL
SMALL pianos for small apartments; great
tone; rent or gale. Byron Mauzy. 308 Post st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly oay-
tr.ents. ECHMITZ & CO., 16 McAllister it.
3-PEDAL Steinway up. ;Chickering baby grand-
Sjhor.lne»'r. little used. Keeffe'e. 2S5 O'Farrell!
IF you 'want' bargains come now; pianos al- :
moit givtn away. Hornung, 218 McAllister.
A FISCHER upright piano for sale: good as
Dew; $J>5. 237 Geary st.
feQHMrR. ¦ Uyron Mauzey pianos. Cecilian piano
, player. BYRON MAUZY. 30S-312 Post sU
FOR ANY NEED AS THE LARGEST 1 1X1/87 \/7Tp)| F^IX/ Y^F" M F^pS/^L I TV VI Pvl Cf^ 1
DEPARTMENT STORES T1AVL VoIYILI Y \Jl I I Lttf^rlrAlN UOL-
ROOMS AM) BOARD Continued.
EARLCOURT
1011 PIN'E ST. — A BEAUTIFUL SMALL
HOTEL: JUST OPENING; EVERYTHING
NEW AND ELEG A NT. APPLY AT ONCE.
HOTEL HATTON.
077 Fine St.. near Taylor; elegantly furnished
suites, private baths; all modern conveniences;
Amertcan or European plan.
ELEGANT sunny rooms; corner; en suite or
Single; latest appointments; electric lights,
phone, bath, ete.; table- first class; references
exchanged. 1203 O'Farrell st.
HOTEL ELSMERE. 41S Sutter— Sunny rooms
excellent table; Irom $40; single $23.
VALENCIA, V,f — Pleasant sunny room; prl-
vate boarding-house; warm belt.
VAN NESS ave.. 1714— Elegantly furnished
tultfgr. wltn bat.vr; also single: homelike.
SEJVVJ[^GJ«ACHI\ESAXDSIJPPLIES.
DOMESTIC — The machine for family use:
best Is cheapest; second-hand all makes at
any price: all kinds rented lowent rates.
Domestic offlce. 1021 Market, near Sixth.
NEW HOME — See our new tilple-feed ma-
chines; Btightly used; $10. $15. $20; second-
hand. $.J. $5. $S; ail styles; guaranteed. New
Home-Fewlng Machine Co.. Ami Market st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
LADIES, send your address to 1126 Market St..
S. F.. valuable lnforrrnM^n- rwm 2.
SPECIALISTS.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES in EARi
positively cured; new methods: 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr." Cottinnham. 204 Sutter st.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture^
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 723-
/ 731 Howard st. Ur. Third: phone Grant 161.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage A Movms; Co.. of-
fice Post and Powell sts.; teL Prlv. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.: Phone East 120.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances wade. 840
Mission si; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Me -«r Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore sc; phcr.» Jackson 2"l.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
st. : tel. Main 1840 Shipping at cut rates.
STUTTERIXG Axp STAMMERING.
THE MELBOURNE SCHOOL for the cure of
- stuttering and stammering, corner Van Sena
ave. and Market St., S. F., has been estab-
lished In this city for 3 years and shall con-
tinue, for it Is founded on true merit and has
the commendation of reputable physician*
everywhere. It teaches a superior system,
and challenges results. No wholesale class
work, but 6 hours' Individual teaching daily,
reducing nervous obstruction to speech and
leading to thorough control. Within reach
of all. Business hour*. 1 to 5 p. m.
TYPEWRITERS A\D SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Smith Premier. $23; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50. * The
Typewriting Exchange. 636 California at.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars of L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont.
gpmery st.
2D-HAND typewriter* sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter laspec. Co.. 5OS Market.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
SAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Home Build-
ing Society, Sth floor. Mutual Savings Baa*
buildiny, 70S Market st.. opposite Third—
For the half year ending 31st of December.
1903. a dividend has been declared at the
rate per annum of (12) twelve per cent oa
capital stock j and participating certificates,
free of tazes. pa>ab!e on and after SATCR-
DAY, January 2. I9O4. JOSEPH A. LEON.
ARD. Manager. HUGH CRAIG. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— Mercantile Trust Company
of San Franciaco. Dividend No. 3 of fhree
dollars per share will be payable at the of-
flce of the corporation. 4G4 California St.. San
Francisco. April 1. 1904. Transfer book* will
close March 24. 1SWM.
JOHN D. MeKEE. Secretary.
MARRIAGE LJCEXSES.
Marriage licenses were issued yesterday as
follows:
Julius Wolff. 24. 402V6 Grove street, and
Celia D. Murphy, 23. 32 Bernice street.
Edward D. Smith. 27, Birmingham. Ala.,
and Florida W. Graves. 23, Birmingham. Ala
George T. Stephens. 30. Purley. England,
and Maud L. Hodge. 22), London. England.
Herbert V. Vidal. 22, 123 Eddy street, and
Maude House. 22, 1330 Ellis street.
Alexander Shepherd. 22. 1219 Laguna street,
and Mary Finn. 20. 1223 Page street.
James E. Strange. 22. Oakland, and Alma
liyres. IS. 133 Tehama street.
Allen White, 29, Oakland, and Celia Char-
mack. 24. city.
Fred M. Campbell. 33, 746 Howard street
and Mildred L. Wright. 32. 44 Third street.
BIRTHS— MABBIA6ES— DEATHS.
BORN.
ANDREWS — In this city. March 21, 19O4 to
the wife of Charles S. Andrews, a son *
HENNINGS— In Oakland, Cal., March 16 1904
to the wife of Frederick Hennings, a son. '
KEMLER— In this city, March 20, 1904 to
the wife of Isldor Kemler. a son.
— — — — -^-— - _
CERF — JACOBS-^-In this "city, February 2S
1904, by the Rev. Dr. J. Nieto, Bernard Cerf
and Re~ina Jacobs.
KOENIGHE1M— GETZ— In this city, March
20. 10C4, by the Rev. Dr. J. Nieto, Albert
Koenighelm and Maud Getz.
SHARP— DOE— In Elmhurst. Cal., March 21
1004, at tne Presbyterian Church, by the
Rer. E. E. Clark. William Nelson Sharp
and Mrs. Phoebe C. Doe, both of Oakland.
DIED.
Baer, Bernard Niebling. Sophie
Buermester, Mrs. H. Ortez. Santiago
Cofe, Mrs. James Pedrini. Maria
Dastrevtgne. V. R; Roberts. Lillian A.
Gunderson, Alfred Russi. Rcsa
Grant. Adam Sesnon. Katharine
Hawkins, Dennis Shea. Mary A.
Holgeraen, Edward Stark, Mortimer L
Howard. Irvln . Starasirilc, Nicholas
Jalumsteln, Estella Stecher. F. J.
Koepf, John Jr. Tarel, i>arah
McGUnchy, Ellen Walter. Herman A.
McMullin, W. J. Zupar, Capt. V. N.
. McNaughton. Ellz'th
BAER— In this city. March 21. l»O4, Bernard
Baer, a native of Bavaria, Germany, aged
7tf years.
E7" Interment at Visalla.
BUERMESTER— In this city. March 22, 1904.
passed to a higher life after a lingering
illness. Harriet - A. Buermester. beloved
mether of D. R. pevereaux of Canada Mrs
F. N. Wade and 'Mr*. A. J. Hoxle of Saii
> Francisco, a native of Rochester, N. Y.
COLE — In Cottage Grove. Or., March 21, 1904.
Mrs.' James Cole, aunt of Mrs. Etta Chad-
bourne, agsd 73 years. (Troy, N. Y.. papers
please copy.)
CT Interment Thursday at Stockton.
DASTREVIGNE— In this city. March 21 l»04
Valentin R. Dastrcvlgne. beloved husband
of > Mrs. Louise - Dastrevigne (nee Jurl)
. and uncle of Augusto and Ernest Dastre-
vigne and Pierre and Florentine Blanchard
a native of France, aged 42 years 5 months
and 13 days. XMonterey papers please copy.)
(CTFriendt and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from his late
residence, 519 Valencia street, thence to
Diuids' Hall, Sutter street, where services
will be held under the auspices of 'Persever-
ance Grove No. 10. U. A. . O. D. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by . electric caT,
Eighteenth and Guerrero etreets.
GUNDERSOX— In this city, March 21. 1004
Alfred, dearly beloved, son of Halvor and
Marie Gunderson, and loving brother of Gus-
tave, Ole, Hartwig, Otis, Harry, Malvln
Bella and the late Bennie Gunderson a na-
tive of San Francleco, aged 30 years 10
months and 12 day«. A member of Team-
J sters' Union No. S5, and Court Justice No
1C, F of A. •
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the. resi-
dence of his parents, 120 Erie street, between
Folsom and Howard. Interment Mount Oli-
¦ vet Cemetery.
GRANT— In . 'hia city. March 21. 1904, Adam
Grant, son of Alexander and Margaret Grant
of Sutherlandshire, ¦Scotland, aged 76 years.
C7FrIends are Invited to attend the
funeral services Wednesday, March 23, at
9:45 o'clock, at his late residence, 1112 Bush
. street. Interment private. Mountain View
Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
HAWKINS— In this city. March IS, 1904 Den-
nis, beloved husband of th* late Catherine
Hawkins, and father of Mrs. 'Mary Gray
and Barney Hawkins, a native of County
Galway, Ireland, aged 55 years. A mem-
ber of Riggers' and Stevedores' Union. Locar
No. 222.
IC7Friend? and acquaintances are respsct-
fully- invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors
of McFadden, McBrearty & Green,' 1171 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth
thence j to St. Joseph's . Church, where ser-
. vices will be held at ,1:30 .'o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HOLGERSEN— In this city, March 21, 1004,Lor Cabin! "The bread with a Havnr." A#k
your . dealer — wholesale— »OU Dolores (L. •
Burnett's Extract ' of - Van 11 la— used
exclusively by all leading hotels and clubs. <•
All the $1.00 Carpets will this week be
void at 60c per .yard.. All- other Carpets
at same low prices, at Pattosien's, corner
Sixteenth and 'Mission streets. ¦ •
$1.00 Carpet- 60c.
Seeks Damages for Wife's 1 ? Hurts.
• John W. Livermore, > in a v suit filed
yesterday against' the ' United. -Rail
roads, asks "for" $10,000 damages for
injuries sustained by. his .wife,- Ella,
who* was thrown from a Sutter-street
car last October. ' -,
Rev. Mr. Radcr to Give Lecture.
The Rev. William Rader will deliver
a lecture on "Uncle Sam; or the Reign
of the People" . before; the } Men's ¦ Club
of the First Congregational ' Church
to-morrow evening at 8 o'clock.- 5 Gen
tlemen are invited to attend the lecture.
Mayor Schmitz yesterday received
a .set of resolutions passed- by the
Building. Material Drivers* Union com
mending his action ~ in vetoing three
ordinances which were designed to re
strict the operations of rock quarry-
Ing and rock* crushing. .The resolu
tions recite that the, ordinances, if
they had been allowed to become laws,
would have thrown a large proportion
of .the 1 members of the; union out of
employment." , The union also praise3
the Supervisors that stood by the
Mayor in sustaining his vetoes.
Commends Action ot. Major.
Dorothy Dlx says that beautiful wo
men are usually selfish, and naturally so.
This- may be so. but we have found that
even .the most beautiful woman would
often cook on a gas range from San
Francisco Gas and Electric Co.. 415 Post.*
'Tis Santa Fe all the way. If inter
ested, ask'about.lt at 641 Market street,
San Francisco. ¦ •
Nothing in the. world compares - with
the wonder of the Grand Canyon of Ari
zona, on the line of the Santa Fe, and
best reached by the "California .Lim
ited."
The one train for comfort-lovers t and
those who would enjoy fast time and
good traveling is the "California Lim
ited." ¦¦¦ ¦ , . r
- The one road that runs its own. trains
over its own rails all the way from -San
Francisco to Denver, Kansas City and
Chicago Js Santa Fe. ': "
One Road, One Train, One Wonder
World.
The twelve employes of the Board
of Health who had trouble in secur
ing their salaries because their ap
pointment was opposed by other city
departments presented^ Attorney A.
Ruef with an engrossed ' ; set - of com
mendatory resolutions yesterday in re
turn for the latter.'* gratuitous ser
vices in their behalf. The presenta-:
tion Hook place in the offices of the
board, Health Officer ; Ragan making
the presentation ' speech.
Deputy Health Officer Levy read the
resolutions, which recited that Mr.
Ruef 'e services had resulted In a sig
nal victory and he had 'declined to ac
cept any fee for the same. Ruef re
plied In feeling manner. Dr. Poheim
of the Health -Board made. a few re
marks in " which he stated .- that th*
absence of Dr." Ward, president of the
board, was > unavoidable. \
Health Board Employes Honor Well
Knojvn Attorney for His Efforts
In Their Behalf. "'; *
PRESENT ENGROSSED
RESOLUTIONS TO RUEF
The Supervisors'. Public Utilities
Committee will meet to-morrow after
noon at 2 o'clock for the purpose of
arranging a conference to consider
the matter of united action on the
part of the city of San Francisco and
representatives of, the irrigation dis
tricts - relative to the . application of
thlr» city for storage reservoir sites at
the headwaters of the Tuolumne
River. 7 -".;/ii
P. J. Hazen, attorney for Turlock
irrigation district, has written to the
committee saying that his clients 'will
meet' this city half way so far as at
tempting to secure united action is
concerned, but thinks the conference
should be held In Turlock. '-•'
Supervisors* Utilities Committee Plans
to Make Effort for United Action
on Tuolumne Project.
WILL CONFER WITH
B.'Sj'; IRRIGATION DISTRICTS
Woodward is at present in charge
of the bureau of engineering and' as
he is a civil engineer, is qualified, for
the office. Lynch is a strong candi
date for the position of City Kngln«er,
but the opinion Is expressed ..that he
must give way to Woodward,; but;will
be solaced with the commissionerahtp.
The salary of the latter office is $4000
yearly, while the City Engineer re
ceives a compensation of S5000;
There was- an unconfirmed rumor
around the City Hall yesterday, that It
was on the cards that Commissioner
of Public Works >Wopdward would.be
appointed City Engineer to succeed C.
E. Grunsky, resigned, and that Henry
H. Lynch, would be .named by Mayor
Schmitz to succeed Woodward : ' as
Commissioner, of Works.
Rumor Cnrrent That Present Commis
sioner of Works will Be Suc
ceeded by Henry Lynch.
WOODAVARD MAY BE NAMED
AS NEW CITY ENGINEER
Hyde and Dimond were at once taken
Into custody by United States Marshal
Shine, but this formality was soon over
with, as each of the accused lawyers
had his bondsmen ready. . Crawford W.
Clarke, the Sacramento capitalist, and
L. S. Sherman of Sherman, Clay & Co.,
this city, were accepted as Hyde'r sure
ties. For DUnond's appearance when
wanted Charles S. .Wheeler and WV R.
Sherwood appeared and duly qualified
as bondsmen.
The hearing before Commissioner
Defendants' counsel told the Com
missioner that they had not had suffi
cient time to study the indictment, and
therefore asked for a week's delay to
enable them -to prepare the defense.
This was opposed by the attorneys for
the Government, and the Commissioner
finally set the case for 10 o'clock this
morning.
Mr. Heney then asked that the de
fendants' '¦; bonds be raised, declaring
that the sum of $10,000, in which each
of them- had been held, was incom
mensurate with the offense charged and
out of proportion to the ball required
in other cases of like gravity. John
A. Benson and J. H. Schneider, who
were jointly Indicted with Hyde and
Dimond for the same offense, had been
placed under $20,000 bonds at Wash
ington. Commissioner Heacock said
that inasmuch as Hyde was charged
as a principal in the indictment, while
Dimond's relation to the case' was
rather that of an accessory, he would
fix the bond of the former at $30,000
and that of the latter at $15,000. Mr.
Schlesinger objected vigorously to the
increase of bail, but without avail.
BONDSMEN ARE READY.
Fred A. Hyde and Henry P. Dimond,
indicted by the Federal- Grand Jury at
Washington for conspiracy to defraud
the Government of valuable Western
forest lands, were taken before United
States Commissioner E. H. Heacock
yesterday morning for their prelimi
nary examination. Their attorneys
asked for an adjournment of the hear
ing, but the Commissioner consented
to only one day's delay. Hyde's ball
was increased from $10,000 to 530.000
and that of Dimond from $10,000 to
$15,000.
A great array of eminent'counsel con
fronted Commissioner Heacock when
the case was called at 10 o'clock. The
Government was represented by United
States District Attorney Marshall B.
Woodworth, with whom came Francis
J. Heney as special counsel, ex-Judge
M. C. Burch, special Assistant Attor
ney General of the United States; A. B.
Pugh, one of the attorneys for the In
terior Department, and O. E. Pagin of
the Department of Justice. The de
fendant Dimond was represented by
Charles S. Wheeler of Bishop. Wheeler
& Hoefler and by Samuel Knight of
Page, McCutchen & Knight, while Gar
ret W. McEnerney and Bert Schlesin
ger appeared for Hyde.
DEFENDANTS SEEK DELAY.
Two hundred cigars and two dozen
silk handkerchiefs were seized yes
terday by customs searchers on board
the steamship Siberia. Four silk
Japanese coats of arms were seized on
the transport Thomas.
Smuggled Goods Seized.
Preliminary Examination of
Men Accused of Land
Frauds Will Begin To-Day
HYDE-DIMOND
CASE IN COURT
Heacock is for the purpose of deter
mining whether there i3 sufficient evi
dence to establish a probable cause
against the accused. If the Commis
sioner finds that the crime charged
has been committed and that the evi
dence makes it probable that the de
fendants were parties to It he will
hold them for trial. The trial, if
the men are held, will take place at
Washington, D. C, where all the four
indicted men, who are now under bonds w
for their appearance, will be required*
to present themselves.
The power, however, given the Board of
Public Works to have "charge, superintend
ence and control" of the repair and main
tenance of any and all buildings and structures
owned by the city and county Is free from
such .limitation, since no such power -appears
to have been conferred upon the Park Com
mis-Mon'Ts with respect to the buildings under
their control. While no express authority ! is
conferred upon either board to insure such
buildings eucn power may be properly im
plied.
It It a general and undisputed proposition
of law that a municipal corporation possesses
and can exercise not only such powers, as -are
expressly granted, but also those necessarily
or fairly implied in or incident to the powers
expressly granted. (1 Dillon Mun. Corp.. p.
145; Von Schmidt vs. Wldber. 105 Cal.,^151.)
. And It has been held l>y the court of In
diana that the power to control and maintain
public buildings includes, as a nfcensary in
cident thereto, the power to Insure the same
and pay such Insurance out of the public
funds.
The power conferred by the charter upon
tb« Board of Public Works to construct pub
lic buildings being general in Its terms muct
be held to have been restricted by the par
ticular terms of section C of article XIV. and
as so construed the "exclusive right" is' vested
In trie Park Commissioners "to erect and .to
superintend the erection of buildings and
structures thereon."
public buildings, because the charter
being silent on the subject it has been
construed that no department of the
municipality had the necessary power.
The matter, has been considered by
the Board of Education, which was' also
on the point of asking for an opinion
as to whether it had authority to in
sure the public school buildings. Presi
dent Roncovieri of the board has been
giving the subject much thought, be
cause if. a school building should burn
down there would, be no,. available
funds to build one in its place. . Long
in his opinion says:
The decision is important, as hereto
fore no effort has been made to insure
City Attorney Long yesterday ren-.
dered an opinion in which he holds that
the city, has the power toinsure public
buildings, although the charter con
tains no express provision to that ef
fect.
The opinion was rendered in response
to a query of the Park Commissioners
as to whether they had the power to
place fire insurance on the conservatory
or other buildings in Golden Gate Park.
Long says that while the Board of
Park Commissioners is without powej
to insure the buildings under Its con
trol, such power is vested-in the Board
of Public Works as a necessary Inci
dent to their express power to superin
tend, control and manage' the repair
and maintenance of all public build
ings owned by the city and county.
This investigation by the Finance
Committee is considered ominous by
the clerks themselves, especially those
employed in the boards of Health,
Public Works and other boards in
which Mayor Schmitz has assumed
control. The employes figure that,
owing to the strained relations now
existing between Mayor Schmitz and
the . Board of Supervisors, the lat
ter body will materially cut down the
appropriations for salaries. Some of
them may thus be thrown out of em
ployment or have their salaries re
duced.
The Mayor has effected a retrench
ment in the Health Board and Is anx
ious to put the same policy in effect
In the Board of Works. The war be
tween the Mayor and the Supervisors
over the next budget .promises to be
an exciting one!. The Mayor has the
rower to veto any specific appropria
tions In' the budget if : he so chooses,
and it will require' fourteen votes in
the board to override, him. It is an
cpen question whether ,the opposition
can muster the necessary fourteen Su
pervisors to overrule . the Mayor, and
It is oft the cards for the adoption of a
compromise before summary action is
taken by the board.
The employes in the .various depart
ments of the city government are be
coming decidedly uneasy, owing to a
quiet investigation now being pursued
by 'the Finance Committee of the
Board of Supervisors.
The Investigation is being directed to
the amount and kind of work per
formed by the clerks and other em
ployes of the city, with' a view to
ascertaining If the services of some
can be dispensed with when the appro
priations for salaries in the next muni
cipal budget are adopted by the Board
of Supervisors.
With that end in view the Finance
Committee has employed H.-A. Mason
to inaugurate a system of observation
among the clerks of the various city
offices. Mason is secretary of the
Municipal League and, through the
grace of the board, has been accom
modated with desk space in the upper
committee room of the board. Mason
is at present receiving no .compensa
tion, but the Finance Committee has
assured him that provision will be
made In the next budget to pay him
for bis services.
The Finance Committee is maintain
ing the secrecy about Mason's,
employment, and on that account has
not introduced a resolution in. the
board formally authorizing him to
represent the committee in ; the matter
of inquiring into the necessity for the
employment of the various clerks.
Supplementary to. Mason's inquiry,
Supervisors d'Ancona and Payot are
also making personal investigations
for the committee that will guide them
ir. designating the amount in salaries
to be allowed the city departments
during the next fiscal year. Payot and
d'Ancona have visited the office of the
Board of Public Works during the last
few days and closely questioned the
clerks in the main office, the bookkeep
ing and other departments as to their
exact duties. .
When Hynes' petition was presented
to Judgre Kerrigan he promptly issued
the order requested, making it return
able before him on Wednesday, March
30. when Perry, Nagle, Rickman and
Miss Nightengale will, under oath, be
compelled to explain the whereabouts
of the money.
Although Hynes does not make any
<Jirect charges against the respondents
he intimates in his petition that a
searching Investigation by the court
will reveal a peculiar state of affairs.
He charges that Rickman. Perry.
Nagle and the alleged daughter of
the Kryzyanowski woman "are sus
pected of having embezzled, concealed
and made away with the funds of the
Kryzyanowrki estate."
Public Administrator M. J. Hynes,
through his attorneys, Cullinan &
Hlckey. made a start yesterday in the
fight he intends to wage to recover
what is left of the estate of Palagia
llaria Kryzyanowski. He filed a pe
tition asking the court to direct
Charles Rickman. former executor of
Mrs. Kryzyanowski's will and her
residuary legatee, whose powers as
executor were suspended last Novem
ber by Judge 'Troutt; Charles H.
Perry, his attorney, and Charles L.
Xagle, attorney for Marie Nighten
gale, also known as Marie Kryzyan
owski, who claims to be a daughter
of the Polish woman, to appear and
Fhow what has become of $11,000 that
has passed through their hands since
the $30,000 estate of Mrs. Krj-zyan
owFki came under their control. Marie
Nightengale is also directed to appear
and explain her dealings with Nagle,
Perry and Rickman in connection
with her appearance as the daughter
of Mrs. Kryzyanowski.
Supervisor8^-Finance Com
mittee Pursues Quiet In
quiry of Duties Performed
Long Holds That City Has
the Power to Insure All
of Its Public Buildings
Public Administrator Hynes
Asks Court to Investigate
the Kryzyanowski Affair
STARTS BATTLE
FOR AN ESTATE
CITY EMPLOYES
BECOME UNEASY
CAN PROVIDE
AGAINST FIRE
Miss AmyFlagg and N. W.. Kleyn-
Schoorel were; married last evening at
the Unitarian | church \ in ;. Berkeley by
the Rev.- F. L:'Hosmer.' | The'ceremony
was quiet, only, a few immediate rela
tives, being present. The wedding will
come ¦ as : a great surprise to their
friends, -as the 'engagement t " was ': not
announced. The bride ¦ is ',, a graduate
of. the class of ,'03 of the -University of
California' and is the .daughter, of Pro
fessor -Isaac Flagg of the Greek • de
partment;, The groom is 'a prominent
mining,; man.- and 'well - known ; as the
president ' of ? the El ' Dorado v Explora
tion:Company..". - . • -• - --— • " ? iv,;
. Mr. and Mrs. Frank W« .Marston^wlll
leave for the East, and Europe In a
few days • for a year's tour. -They will
visit' the St. Louis Exposition and will
spend much time; in Washington and
New' York. Their Contirientartour.will
cover all interesting countries, and-lo
calities, in the Old World. They will
sail on the Bremen on April 25.,
The bride, who is a handsome, bru
nette and of fine style, was radiant
In a nuptial robe of Irish point. She
was attended by Miss Hilda Brown,
who .were a" dainty frock of white, point
d'esprlt. Little Albert Brown served as
.ring, bearer.';'
V' The drawing-room in which the cere
mony was ; performed was . radiantly
decorated with fruit blossoms," pink and
white tulle and garlands of pink and
white ribbons." 'In a bower of blossoms
and tulle the ceremony was performed,
about 200 guests witnessing the Inter
esting ceremony".
The Brown-Bachman • wedding last
evening was a very smart affair, the
ceremony . being • performed by Dr.
Voorsanger at the home of the bride's
parents, 2323 ' Devisadero street. ¦. . , ¦
* • • • •
The Intercollegiate Alumni Associa
tion will hold their monthly meeting on
Saturday, the 26th* when they will en
tertain at: luncheon two guests of
honor, Miss . Keith - and Mrs. Laura
Bride Powers. The topic of discussion
will be "California History and Land
marks," presented by/Miss Alma Pat
terson. Professor Ferrand of Stanford,
an authority upon historic matters,
will talk upon the modern interpreta
tion of history.
Mrs. Samuel Buckbee entertained a
number of friends at bridge yesterday.
• * *
To-morrow Mrs. Clarence Martin
Mann will entertain fourteen jj friends
at luncheon at her 'Washington-street
home.
* ».'¦¦'*
Then along comes the Indian tea for
the, Animals' Refuge at 2226 Jackson
fctreef (Mrs. George Law Smith and
Mis's Maud Smith, hostesses) on Thurs
(iay, afternoon and evenfngi : when the
belles and beaux, of. the aboriginal
tribes of the plains and mountains will
croon, dance and do various, other
tepee stunts cult'e. out of the category
of ordinary entertainments— and, think
of it. sweet matinee maiden, Herschel
Mayall has promised to recite.
The last day: of this , affair promises
to lead its predecessor in point of at
tendance.
Mrs. Samuel Buckbee and Miss Ger
trude Dutton will hold the popcorn con
cession, and you may bank upon it that
every non-dyspeptic fellow there will
develop an appetite for popcorn. •
To-day , at 9 o'clock the box office
opens at Sherman & Clay's, Mr. Gott
lob, -Impresario of box offices, in
charge, and the holders of tickets can
exchange them for seats and' boxes—
none of which have, up to date, been
chosen— and the fiat has . gone forth,
"First come, first served,", so. como
early, men and maidens, come early. ,
/Philanthropy is the keynote of the
hour, for behold, two affairs of note at
the week's end, for on Friday comes
the merriest affair of the year, .the in
imitable Doctor's Daughters' horse
show and circus. Now^here's the place
to go, ye who are heavy laden, and
you'll find in that s academy on
Seventh avenue and C street just
the mental stimulus • you need.
The old guard may rave of the
wonderful riders In California In
the "splendid idle '40's," but they
couldn't .overshadow the horsemen— and
horsewomen- : -of to-day. For where,
could cleverer horsemanship- be seen
than that shown in the dress rehearsals
at the academy every day? And. the
maidens are bo stunning. In their smart
gowns ahorse! - But they— the" perform
ing-stars — are not destined to have an
entire monopoly of attentions/ nor yet
of the money making, for many maids
and matrons, v fair and seductive, will
have your ducats from you in exchange
for "peanuts, popcorn, circus lemon
ade" arid other accompaniments to the
sawdust circle. And then there are the'
.equine beauties, ridden by Miss King,
Miss Stone, Mrs. Stephenson, Miss Cal
laghan and Miss Hogg.
The candy supply Is In the hands of
Miss Constance de Young,- Miss Ethel
Hager, Miss Eleanor O'Connor; Miss
Elise .'Gregory, Mrs. Edwin Breyfogle.
Mrs. J. S. Ballard, Mrs. EJdwIn Horton,
Mrs. Frank Bates, Mrs. J. A. Watt,
Mrs. Charles Slack and Miss Everding.
The/ fish pond and grab-bag will be
presided by Mrs. Henry Foster
Dutton, aslsted by Miss Jessie Fill
more, Miss Lily Spreckels, Miss Grace
Spreckels, Mrs. Frank Griffin, Miss
Katherine Dillon, Mrs. Charles Bentley.
Miss Eleanor Warner, Mrs. Reuben B.
Hale, Mrs. Marshall Hale and Mrs. Mc-
Dermott of Boston.
By Sally Sharp.
Suits for divorce were filed by Mabel
Pidgeon against Joseph W. Pidgeon for
cruelty and Lily Belle Tyson against
Jesse F. Tyson for neglect. •
Thomas F. McGowan, engineer of the
Electric Laundry, was sued for main
tenance yesterday by his wife, Emma
V. McGowan. She alleges that six
months after their .marriage in May
of last. year McGowan deserted her and
that since that time he has not pro
vided for her, though well able to do so.
Decrees of divorce were granted yes
terday to Mary T. McLaughlin from
John J. McLaughlin for desertion, An
nie E. . Addison from Emsley Addison
for desertion, F. W. Bean from Lillian
E. Bean for cruelty, George A. Bates
from Mary A. Bates for intemperance,
Minnie M. Segger from Harry J. Seg
ger for neglect, Finnis K. Marr from
Caroline E. Marr for cruelty, Caroline
Johnson from John W. Johnson for con
viction of felony and Thomas Barnett
from Rose Barnett for desertion.
The decree of divorce awarded some
months ago to Amelia Grannis from
James G. Grannis of 625 Devisadero
street, a wealthy manufacturing ma
chinist, was amended yesterday by
Judge Sloss. ' The original decree gave
the custody of their two children to Mrs.
Grannis. The amended decree places
the. eldest son of the couple in the care
of the Christian Brothers at Peralta
Park, Oakland, and provides that his
father shall pay for his care and main
tenance. The youngest child is to re
main with Mrs. Grannis, subject to the
supervision of Mrs. L. L. Stebbins, and
Grannis is to pay! $40 a month for his
support.
SUES FOR SUPPORT.
Carrie E. Callahan, wife of J. W.
Callahan of 1217 Mission street, and
who was formerly the wife of Ward
B. Hoffman, yesterday filed an,appli
cation for a modification of the decree
of divorce Hoffmann obtained from her
two years ago. She asks that the de
cree be so modified as to give her tl>o
custody of one of her children, a girl
aged 12 years, who wns awarded to
the custody of her father at the time
of the divorce. She says her present,
husband Is perfectly willing to rear the
child as his own and slie wants the
court to decide that her home is a bet
ter place for the little one than the
Nursery for Homeless Children, ; in
which institution the child has been
placed by her. father.
Clarence Stafford, who .was divorced
from Emma Stafford some months ago,
also wants his decree of divorce amend
ed. He wants the' court to award him
the custody of his little daughter, who.
he says, is being taught by her mother
that her name is Morrissey. which is
that of the man for whom, she is now
acting as housekeeper. / •
WANTS HER CHILD.
._ Edward G. Clarke, who married Ros
alind Bower, "the sweet pea girl," and
then filed a suit to annul the mar
riage on the ground that when he made
her hi3 wife he wao mentally incom
petent because she had for days prior
to the ceremony plied him with liquor
and befuddled his "brain, does not like
the idea of paying Mrs. Clarke alimony
while his suit is pending, as he was
ordered to do by Judge Seawell last
week. ' He will within a few days taka
an appeal from the order to the Su
preme Court.
Mrs. Clarke asked the court to award
her, $250 a month alimony pending the
determination of her husband's suit,
$2500 counsel fees and $500 for cost3
of court. When her motion for alimony
was heard before Judge Seawell he
made an order granting her $100 a
month temporary alimony gnd $500
counsel fees. The order for ' counsel
fees was not prejudicial to a petition
for more, and in denying the motion
for court costs Judge Seawell made a
similar ruling. When the order was
made Clarke asked for a stay of pro
ceedings for five days, and on securing
the stay immediately set about the
preparation for his appeal. - Notice of
the appeal will probably be filed to-day.
Popcorn, Peanuts, Lemonade
Will Be Sold by Handsome
Merchants, Buds and Belles
Exiling of Judge Seawell
Making Him Supply $100
a Month Is Distasteful
BOX OFFICE NOW OPEN
TAKES STEP TO APPEAL
Man' Who Married "Sweet
V Pea Girl" Does Not Like
Idea of Paying for Frolic
Smart Society Matrons and
Maids to Give Performance
of Daring* and Originality
FRIDAY NIGHT
BRINGS CIRCUS
CLARKE FIGHTS
ALIMONY ORDER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALLV WEDNESDAY, MARCH 23, 1904.
16
OTEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
House Furnishing Goods
' _
Our stock of goods In this department Is most com-
plete. We are now ottering splendid values In LACE
CURTAINS, PORTIERES, BLANKETS. COMFORTERS,
BEDSPREADS, TABLE COVERS, TABLE LINENS, NAP-
KINS, TOWELS, TOWELING, SHEETS, SHEETINGS
and PILLOW CASES. As we carru onlu the hest hrands
and makes of the above goods, and toeing direct im-
porters, our customers can relu on getting the lowest
prices. ¦
Eight Specimen Values./
&/i ff A ( TAPESTRY PORTIERES In toth plain
3KI.DU 5 colors and figured, 3# gards long,
Palp. ( with handsome fringe top and hottom,
4£O C (T\ ( REVERSIBLE TAPESTRY TABLE COV-
\P.£*3U ] ERS, 2 cards sguare, fringed all
Each. ' around In a full varietu or colorings.
CO £ (\ ( MADRAS NET BOBINET and CABLE
*BO«il)U ] LACE CURTAINS, in white, ecru and
Pair. ( Arahlan, 15 entlrelu new designs.
CO CZfl ( W HIT£ MARSEILLES BEDSPREADS,
\pO«9U ) full size for double h-:ds, veru hand-
Each, ( some designs, hammed readu for uss.
&£Z flfl ( FINE WHITE CALIFORNIA BLANKETS,
JpO.UU ] size for large bads and extra flna
Pair. ( Quality-
IRISH SATIN DAMASK TABLE LINEN,
$8 00 ful1 72 Inclies wide, '12 different de-
• v d signs; dinner size napkins to match
Yara ' each design, S3. 00 dozen.
CO 00 j BLEACHED LINEN HL'CK TOWELS, full
V*J»Doz. < s^ e > tooth 'hemmed and hemstitched.
/ BLEACHED DOUBLE DAMASK LINEN
CO E*f\ TABLE CLOTHS, 2 uards wide and 2^4
\pt)«OU j yards long, 8 different designs; large
Each, size dinner napkins to match each
, design, $3.50 dozen.
Hi, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREEf. *
ADVEBTISE2CENTS.
THE POWER OF STEAM.
Kaay Kay See. but Zt Takes a Geaiui to
KeaUze.
TVhen James Watt saw the steam caus-
ing the kettle lid to jump up and down
he said "There must be power in that
¦team that it can lift such a weight."
There was.
Millions prior to him had seen the
lun« phenomenon and regarded it as an
unexplained mystery.
Recent scientific research has put its
Cneer on the "cause" of dandruff, falling
hair and consequent baldness, and has
•unearthed a tiny germ which eats the
Ufe from the roots of human hair, fcis
Newnro's Herpicide destroys this germ
and consequently restores the hair to its
natural state.
Bold by leading druggists. Send 10c in
etamps for sample to Thjp Herpicide Co.,
Detroit. Mich.
CASTOR I A
for Infants and Children.
The Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears the STf- */$>. jT~
Signature of (-££0^7% f-C6&/U44
JpliDEVEWPING
REPRINTING
( : *^ Cot
7^^»^ '^^/ My excellent Trcrk
M • '¦ ' . '¦ attractinr f tvor-
"" • \ able attention all
|k d\cf the coact. Send
/¦ rc* a trial order;
,_ ' -U you'll like it. aUo.
ff- * m JT 34y trice* are trorth
i^'^'^^y^ <or.«id»r1nr: h*>r* ar«
a few figures:
DEVELOPING.
Hell ef rtr lOe '
Ito'J of twelve X5 C
PKIXTtXO.
folio finish ae to rte
- Velox finish 3c to Cc
Daylight Loading Films. In nil
popular Bizcs. at my usual low
prices. Or«l?r by mail tf you'r« out
VhATMAN PITTS
F. W. PITTS. The Stationer.
100S MAHKET STREET, above
Powell St.,
Eaa Francisco.
*1A/. T. HESS,
XTctuy Public sad Attorn ey-at-taw. .
Ttutb Floor, Room 1U1S. Claut £pr«ckei> tad*.
Teleohon« Main 9S3.
Residence, 1803 McAllister mu
Staaldcnc* Telephone PaaT* f6*i.
/l?g uurrTSTif/rETyrg
¦ B Th« chane* cf a lifetime t9|«t I rr*<J
fa SIDEBOARD,
|i On «»•¦» Monday morning. Beat i
n ¦ vain* ever offered, in thla city for ,
ja the money worth Twice our price. v
ljj So>ld aelected oak. zolden finish.
Rj beve'ed French plate mirror, carved '
nj! work on too and front of base. el»- '{
n sant cast trass hanrilwi and draw
In pulls: nicely finished inside of draws;
El ailverwar; draw llnrd. Sc» illus-
HiV .'ration above: cur price $11.00: come
Nl in Monday. A. B. 83SXT3E CO..
11 128-132 ELLIS ST., above Powell. S K. >
/
Dollar f
Premium /f| coffees!
Free " spices 1
with E«ch Ctnt5 BaiiBS I
or th powder |
are Beauties q |
fy^\ A thousand kinds jfo fj
to Select from. <^h|
H It Pays to r|
I*- Trade at J |
Great American Importing Tea Co'slj
Iv Stores |{
MlUarktt tlOGmataT. 1«9 PoDc N
MOftxth UliDmrimim 705 Larida i
tTSBafcht 8006 Sixteenth 355 Hay- i
»v> Mtsakm B21 Montar*y aT«. 62 Market £a
2003yittmor« Z515 Misatoo- 143 Ninth H
8M Thizd 1732 Mth 469 Fourth HJ
IpF^^& SNUG-FITTTNG And try on one o! our latest spring suits. Sec
l^ J COLLAR how the
¥ *J \<r\ conc *ve CONCAVE SHOULDERS
\X T^ ih. P -SHOULDER. ' . '¦ . . .-
\^JW s?\ ELONGATED LAPELS
SNUG FITTING COLLAR
iii§/ 1 — "~*^>v Lo ° K ° n y ° u -
®$M J /\ a p jcture n ° artist can v* m y
Wj / I \ Our prices, $14 to $28, equal to made
W / I t0 or^ cr su^ ts c os thi£ one-half more. Why not
17 tf MILL TO MAN ' : .
if ECONG'ATED \
I ' AM iSMUWPl&CO.
/ V £ jf ¦ 516518 WARKET ST. M o fc SfeW»v
AJJVEaTISEMENTS.