T he Sunday Call Magazinetheir beauty out of .boxes and bottles.
There's a lot— I don't say who.' I'm not
one to mention names— but there's a
lot that when they go to bed the beauty
all comes off and lies in layers on the
floor. Not that I blame them— make
yourself as goodlooking as you can,
that's my mc-tto. It's . every woman's
duty. But you don't want to begin so
young. I rouge myself," said Mrs. Wil
lers, with the careless truthfulness of
one whose reputation is beyond attack,
"but I don't like it in a young girl."
"Who was the prettiest girl at the
ball?" said Mariposa, deeply interested.
She had. the, curiosity of seventeen on
such subjects— subjects of which ¦ her
girlhood had been unusually barren.
! "My dear, I'll^tell; you air that later
talk for an '.hour' If you can stand It.
But that's not, what I { came to say to
day. It's. business „ to-day— real - busi
ness, arid I don't know^ but what ,all
youi future hangs on it."
She; gave a triumphant Jook at ,,the
startled- mother ' and daughter.' : With
the introduction of serious, matter her
worn , face took on a certain sharp ' in
telligence and her. language grew more
masculine and less slovenly..
."It^s this," she said; leaning forward
impressively: .<"Vxn~" not | sure. .'that * I
haven't found Mariposa's backer/*. - *
"Backer," said Lucy, faintly, finding
the word objectionable. "What's that?"
"VThe. person T .whq'S'to hear her sing
and offer to *¦ educate the -finest 'voice
Lucy smiled indulgently at her
V -ichter. Mariposa, though embar
rassed, was not displeased by these
sledge-hammer compliments. They
were a novelty to her, and she regard
ed Mrs. Willers— despite a few pecu
liarities of style — as a woman of vast
k-.owledge and experience in that won
derful world of gayety and fashion, of
which she herself knew so little.
"I go to most of the. big balls here,"
continued the visitor. . "It's always the
came thing on The Trumpet — 'Send up
Mrs. WiHers to the Cotillion Club to
night; we don't: want any other..re
porter but her. If you send up any of
those other jay women we'll turn 'em
down.'. So, up I ; have to hop. The
other night at the Lorley's big blow
out, when Genevieve Lorley had; her.
debut.'it wi-s' -the old war-cry— ',We
want Mrs. Willers to-njghftb':doithe
Society, and don't try and work off any.
Incompetents oh ; us. . Send her' up
early so's Mrs. Lorley can give her
the dresses herself.' So up I went, and
was 'in the dressing- room for an hour
and saw 'em all, black and white and
brown, heiresses and beggars, add not
one of'em^ Mrs. .Moreau,: to. touch
daughter here— not oneV'
"But : there;- arec so many, , beautiful
girls In San Francisco. Mariposa has
seen' them on the; cars and down town.
She often tells 'me of theip.'^, ,
•'Beauties— yes,- lots tof I 'em;; * dead
loads of.' em. But there's a lot- that-get
he's likely to hear in the next ten
years."
Mariposa gave a suppresed exclama
tion and looked at her mother. Lucy
had paled. She was trembling at what
she felt she was to hear.
"It's Jake Shackleton." said Mrs.
Willers, proudly launching her bomb
shell.
"Jake Shackleton," breathed Mari
posa. to whom the name meant :only
vaguely fabulous wealth. "The Bo
nanza Man?"
Lucy was sitting up, deadly pale, but
she said nothing. .
- "The Bonanza Man," said. Mrs. Wil
lers. "My chief."
"But what does he . know of me?"
said Mariposa. "He's never even heard
of me," . < y
"That's "where . you're .' off , my dear.
Jake Shackleton's heard ;. of everybody.
He has every one" ticketed and put away
in some* little cell in his brain. He
never forgets a face. Some people say
that's one of the secrets^ of hl3 success;
that, and the .way he knows the manor
woman who's going to get I on and the
.one who's going to fall outiofithe pro
cession, and quit at the ; first obstacle.
He'sgot. no use for those people. Get
up land -hustle, 'or* get , out— that's* 1 his
motto*.", i '* ..»*•".., ¦ J\";- ' *?
> "But about "me?"" Mariposa "entreated.
. "Go on." .. .. ¦ , ,
"Well, it's /a quelr. js^ory, i anyhow."
The other morning I was sent for to the
sanctum. Tnere was a little talk about
work and then he says to me, 'Didn't
you tell' me your daughter was taking
piano lessons, Mrs. Willers?* Never
forgets a word you say. I told him
yes; and he says: 'Isn't her teacher
that Miss Moreau, whose father died a
few months ago in Santa Barbara?'
I told him yes again, and then he
wheels round on the swivel chair, looks
at me so, from under his eyebrows, and
says: 'I knew her father. once; a fine
man!*
"Oh, how odd," breathed Mariposa.
quivering with interest "I nev?r heard
father speak of him."
"It:- -as a long time ago. He knew
your father up in the mines some time
in the fifties, and he said he admired
him ; considerably. Then he went on
and asked me a lot of questions about
you, your circumstances, where you
lived, and if you were as. good looking
as your father. ' He said he'd heard you
were • an accomplished young lady.
Then I saw my cue and I said, as care
lessly as. you please, that Miss Moreau
had a fine voice and plenty of musical
ability, but unfortunately was not able
to cultivate either, because her means
were small," and it was a great pity
some one with money didn't help her.
I says— just as casual as could be — it's
a great shame to see a voice like that
lying idle for want of tuition."
-".What, did he say then?" said.Mari
posa. .'¦' !-_¦ '..' •. .'. •
"Well,; that's the point -I'm working
up to.— He 'thought a while, asked a
few more questions, and then saidi'Td
like to meet the young lady and^ hear
her sing. It goes* against me to^have
At 2 o'clock on the afternoon of her
party, Mrs. Willera was giving the fin
ishing touches to her rooms. These
were a sitting and bed room in one of
the large boardine-houses that already
had begun to nr.3* s ih^ir clearance
along Sutter st ••-.,. :,-'*«, r ,^Zy ;„-»...
Sutter street, ar eh<* wotS&iJc- ~JJx^f"- ,
pressed it, was ». - st*p In fa^ ,-f.>l»
Mrs. "Willers, w! j previously '
in such ignominious localities a* ."forte
Beach and* upper liar feet street, rent
ing the surplus rooms In dingy "nriVHic
families.'.' Her rise 'o fairer. fcrtSR**
was sisnrjl.zed by the riov; tj^Jfaier*
street. Her ptrier Announced '..
over-furnished brilliancy. AH £, -'
furniture of the poor lady's n* \ r .
gratlons had been sq^eez^d i* vN^. .
little rooir'The Japans* ¦",._, &n<1
umbrellas, fattened^agaisst c^e w«lli
with pins, were accumulated iit.sim
cost, for they represented one of those
strange and unaccountable vagaries of
popular taste that from time to time
seize a community with blighting force.
Silk scarfs were twisted about every
thing whereon they could twist.
The "lunch," as the hostess called It,
had already been prepared and stood on
a side table. Edna, Mrs, Willers'
daughter, had made many trips up and
down the street that morning collecting
its component parts and bringing them
home in paper bags. The ladies in the
lower windows of the house had been
aware of these goings and comings, and
so -were partly prepared . -when, at
luncheon, Mrs. Willers casually told
them of the distinguished guest she ex
pected. The newspaper woman had not
lived her life with her eyes shut and
her ears closed, and she knew the value
to the fraction of a hair of this Infor-
THE MILLIONAIRE.
"And one man In his time plays many
parts." — Shakespeare. ' V " :
CHAPTER II
<rn If AHIPOSA had her mother's
(\/\ thick, red-brown hair, with
V < I its flat loose ripple and the
JL dog's brown eyes to match.
a skin as white as a blanched al
mond v.ith a slight powdering of
freckles over her nose, and lips
that were freshly red and delicately
defined against the warm pallor sur
rounding: them. She was, in fact, a
beautiful likeness of the Lucy that
Moreau saw come gropingly back to
youth and desirableness in the cabin
on the flank of the Sierra. Only happi
ness and refinement and a youth passed
in an atmosphere of love, had given her
all that richness of girlhood, that effer
vescent confidence and joy of youth
that poor Lucy had never known.
Despite her air of a young princess,
her proudly held head, her almost
Spanish dignity, where only her brown
«-yes looked full of alertness and laugh
ter, she was in character and knowl
edge of life foolishly young— in reality,
a little girl masquerading in the guise
of a triumphantly maturing woman
hood. Her life had been one of quiet
ude and Feclusior-. Her parents had
been agreed in their desire for this; the
father in the fear of a re-encounter with
fime phantom from the past. Lucy's
ostensible reason was her own delicate
health ; but her dread was that Shack
leton mieht 5e» his child and claim her.
It seemed impossible to the adoring
mother that any father could see this
splendid daughter ar.d not rise up and
• •fill her his before all men. ...
The afternoon was cold and Mari
posa wore a Jacket as she sang. The
rottage in Pine street was all that a
eottape ought not to be — on the wrong
side of the street, "too far out," cold,
badly built, and with only one window
to catch the western sun. It had one
advantage which went a long way with
.the widow and her daughter — the rent
v.-ss ?20 a month. Mariposa had paid
$10 c-f this with her earnings, and kept
the «>ther six for pocket money. But
the happy day was dawning,* so she
thought, when she could pay the whole
twenty. Fhe cogitated on this and the
affluence it would indicate, as her real
father mirrht have cogitated when he
and thf> inner ring of his associates be
gan to realize that the Reydel Monte
ivas not a pocket, but a solid mound of
mineral.
On this* pray afternoon the cold little
parlur, with its bulge of bay window
looking out on the dreariness of the
Ftreet. peemed impregnated with an
p.ir of dejection. In common with many
I«oct dwellings in that city of extrava
gant reverses, it was full of the costly
relics «>f better days., San Francisco
has more of Euch parlors than any city
i;« the country. The pieces of buhl and
marquetry hiding their shame in 520
cottages and $1S flats furnish pathetic
.commentary on many a story of fallen
fortunes. The furniture looks abashed
and humbled. Sometimes its rich de-
Figns have found a grateful seclusion
under thf dust of a quarter century,
•which finally v.lll be removed by the re
storing processes of the second-hand'
dealer, who will eventually 'jecorae Its
owner.
There was a beautiful marquetry
sideboard in the gray front parlor and
a 3ne ecarlet lacquer Chinese cabinet
facing it. Mcreau had had the tall.
Silt-framed mirror and console brought
round the Horn from New York when
he had been in the flush of good times
in Sacramento. The piano Mariposa
was playing: dated from a second period
cf proFperity, ar.d had cost what would
have now kept them for a year. It had
been considered cheap at the time t and
had been bought when the little Mari
posa began to show musical tastes. She
had played her first "pieces" on it, and
in that halcyon period when she had
had the singing lessons, had heard the
big voice in her chest slowly shaking
itself Iooec to the accompaniment of its
encouraging notes.
Now she was sinking in single tones,
from note to note, higher and higher,
then lower and lower. Her voice was a
merzo, with a "break" In the middle,
below which it had a haunting, bell-like
depth. As it went dow nit gained a
peculiar emotional quality which
seemed to thrill with passion and tears.
As it began to ascend" it was noticeable
thut her upper tones, though full, were
harsh. There was astounding volume
in them. It was evidently a big voice,
a thins of noble promise, but now crude
and unmanageable.
She emitted a loud vibrant note that
rolled restlessly between the four walls,
as if in an effort to find more space
wherein to expand, and her hands fell
upon the keys. In the room opening off
the parlor there was an uncertain play
of light from an unseen fire, and a
muffled shape lying on the sofa. To
this the now addressed a query in a
voice in which dejection was .veiled -by
uneasy Inquiry:
"Well, does It seem to improve?. Or
is It still like a cow when she's lost her
calf?"
'It's wonderfully -Improved," came
This is the second in
stallment of "Tomor
row's Tangle/' for which
The Sunday Call paid
$1000 for the exclusive
Western rights. If you
I'ead the thrilling drama
tic prologue last Sunday
you will be fully pre
pared for the intensely
human developments of
this and the three in
stallments to follow.
Indeed , "To-Morrow ? s
Tangle" is not only the
best California novel in
years, but one of the very
best creations of the past
several seasons.
"Mariposa's always well,", said Lucy,
pressing the hand she still. held. "She
was always a prize child ever since she
was a baby." ' .
Mrs. Willers leaned back and folded
her white gloved hands over her creak
ing waist, -'y* -''".',' :"¦ •
-"You know she is the handsomest
thing I've seen in' a , coon's age,", she
said, nodding her head at., Mariposa,
"There ain't a girl in society! that com
rarc to her.'! . - ¦ •=
"Well," she said, rustling in, "here's
the lady! How's everybody? Just as
cozy and cute as a doll's house.'!
She pressed Mrs. Moreau's* hand and
then sent an eagle glance — the glance
of the reporter that is trained. to take
in every salient object in one sweep —
about the room. She could have writ
ten a good description of It from that
moment's survey.
"Better? Of course you're better,"
she interrupted Lucy, who had been
speaking of improved health. "Don't
San Francisco cure everybody? And
daughter there?" her bright tired eye
rested on Mariposa for one inspecting:
moment. "She looks nice enough to
eat." . h";'%
She V.-2S c Mrs. /Willers-, long divorced
frcm a worthless husband, and sup
porting, with' a desperate and gallant
courage, herself and her child, who was
one of Muriposa's piano pupils. Her
appearance grave no clue to the real
force and indomitable bravery of. the
woman, who, s gainst blows and rebuffs,
had fought her way with a smile on her
lips. Her appearance and manner, es
pecially in this, her society pose, were
against her. The former was flashy
and overdressed, the latter loud-voiced
and effusive. A large hat. flaunting:
with funeral plumes, was set jauntily
on one side of her head, and a spotted
veil was drawn over a complexion that
was carelessly made. up. Her corsets
were so long and so tight she could
1 dly bend, and when she did they
emitted protesting creaks. No one
would have thought from her flamboy
antly stylish get-up that she was a re
porter and "special" writer on Jake
Shackleton's newly acquired paper. The
Morning Trumpet! But In reality she
was an energetic and able journalist.
It was only when adorned with her
best clothes and her "society" manners
that she affected a sort of gushing silli
ness. .
The visitor was a tall, .thin woman of
40 yearc, her cheaply fashionable dress
telling of many a wrestle between love
of personal adornment and a lean
purse. She was one <it those slightly
known and iinquectioninsly accepted
people that women. : in the friendless
and unknown condition of^th? Moreaus,
constantly meet in the free and easy
sorial life of western cities.
Mariposa sat down on the end of the
pofa at the invalid's feet and took one
of her hands. She had loved both pa
rents deeply, but the fragile mother,
bo simple and unworldly, so dependent
on affection for her being, was the obf
ject of her special devotion. They were
silent, the girl with 1 an abstracted
glance fixed on the fire, meditating on
the future of her voice; the mother re
garding her with, pensive admiration. "
As they, sat thus, a) footfall '¦ on the
steps outside ¦ broke upon their
thoughts. The -cottage was 'so built
that one of Its conveniences was that
one could always hear* the caller or the
man with the bill mounting the steps
before he rang. The former were rarer
than the latter, and Mariposa, In whose
eventless life a visit, from any one was
a thing of value, pricked up her ears
expectantly. , jr . .-
The bell pealed stridently and the ser
vant could^ be ;heard rattling pans In
the kitcheni^evidently preparatory to
emerging. Presently she came creaking
duwn the hall, the door opened and a
female voice was heard asking for the
ladies. It was a visitor. Mariposa was
glad she had stayed in that afternoon,
and with her hand still clasping her
mother's, craned her neck toward the
door.
tne aniwer rrom the room beyond; "I
don't think any one sings like you.
Anyway, no one has such a powerful
voice."
"No one howls so. you mean! Oh,,
mother, do you suppose I ever shall be
able to take any more lessons?"
"Oh, yes, of course. We are in a
large city now. Even if you don't make
enough money yourself, there are often
people who become interested In fine
voices and educate them, j Perhaps
you'll meet one of them some day. And
anyway — " with cheerfulness caught on
the upward, breath of a sigh — "you'll
make money enough soon yourself." .
Mariposa's head bent over the keys.
When she came to view it this way. her
$16 a month did not seem so big with
promise as It did when $10 for rent was
all it Jiad to yield up.
"I've heard about those rich people
who are looking for prlma donnas to
develop, but I don't know where to find
them, and I don't see how they're to
find me. The only way I can ever at
tract their notice is to sing on the street
corner with a guitar, like Rachel. And
then I'd have to have a license, and
I've got no money for that."
She rose, and swept with the gait of
a queen Into the next room. Her moth
er wag lying on a sufa drawn closely to
a tiny grate, in which a handful of fire
nickered.
Lucy was still a pretty woman, with
a thin, faded delicacy of aspect. Her
skin was singularly -white.especlally on
her hands, which were waxen, though
love and happiness had given her back
her youth, her health had never recov-.
ered her child's rude birth in the desert
and the subsequent journey across the
Sierra.' She had twined round and
clung to the man whom she had called
husband, and' with his loss she was
slowly sinking out of the world his
presence had made sweet for her. Her
daughter — next In adoration to the hero
who had succored her in her hour of
extremity — had no power to hold her.
Lucy was slowly fading out of life. The
girl had no knowledge of this. Her
mother had been a semi-invalid for sev
eral years, and her own youth was so
rich in its superb vigor, that she did not
notice the elder gradual de
cline of vitality. But the mother knew,
and her nights w # ere wakeful and agon
ized with the thought of her child, left
alone, poor and unfriended.
"Mother!" she cried, before she got
Into the room, "isn't that the most
thrilling thing? Oh, did you ever know
of anything so unexpected and wonder
ful and exciting. Do you think he'll
like my voice? Do you think he really
could be interested in me because he
knew father? And he can't have
known him so very well, or father
would have said more of him. Did you
ever hear father speak about him?"
The mother gave no answer, and the
girl bent over her. Lucy, motionless
and white, was lying among her cush
ions, unconscious. tff.??
Darkness had fallen when the guest,
having threshed out the subject to th a
last grain, took herself off. Mariposa
looked from the open doorway into a
black street, dotted with the yellow
blurs, of lighted lamps. The air was
cold with that penetrating marrow
searching coldness of a foggy evening
In San Francisco. As the night swal
lowed Mrs. Willers. Mariposa shut the
door and came rushing back.
"Oh. mother, do. You know you go
out on the cars sometimes, and the Sut
ler-street line Is only two blocks from
here. I know you'd enjoy it when you
got there."
"No, dearest. No. Mrs. Willers.
Don't, please, urge me. I am not- able
to meet now people. N'o — Oh, please
don't talk any more about my going."
Something of pain and protest in
her voice made them desist. She was
silent again, vhile JIariposa and Mrs.
Willers arranged the details of the
party. This was to be email and choice.
Only one other person, a man referred
to as Essex, was to come. At the name
of Essex, Mrs. Willers shot a side look
jf Inspection. a.t Mariposa, who did what
was expected of her. In displaying a fine
blush. ';
It was 'decided that Mrs. Willers' hns^
pitality should take the form of wine
and cake. There was a consultation
about other and lesser viands, and
finally an animated discussion as to th^
proper garb in which Mariposa should
present herself to the first truly dis
tinguished person she had ever met.
During the conversation over these
varied questions Lucy lay back among
her cushions, sunk In the same pale
silence. :• -•'
"Of course it would be only In that
way," murmured Lucy sinking back.
"No, I can't come. It wouldn't be
possible. I'm not well enough."
"And you'll come, too?", said Mrs.
Willers. "He asked about you."
"Did he say he'd ever known me?"
said Lucy, quietly.
"No— not exactly that. No, I don't
believe he said that. But he was inter
ested In you as .the wife of the man
he'd known so long ago."
Lucy gave a sudden gasping breath
and sat up. The light of the gray
afternoon was dying outside, and by
the glow of the fire her unusual pallor
was not noticeable.
"It was very good of you,'\she said.
"Mariposa will be glad to go."
"Don't you talk that way. You'll
sing your best. And he's not a man
that you wouldn't like Mariposa to
meet"— turning to the pale and silent
Lucy. "Whatever other faults he's
had he's always been a straight man
with women. There's never been that
sort of scandal about Jake Shackleton.
There's a story you've probably heard,
that he was originally a Mormon. I
don't believe much in that myself. He
had. anyway, only one wife when he
entered California, and she's been his
wife ever since, and she ain't the kind
to have stood any nonsense of the
Mormon sort."
"Good gracious!" said Mariposa.
whose cheeks were crimson. ".I never
heard anything so exciting in my life,
and we were just talking about It. I'll
probably sing like a dog baying the
moon." -
"I? Why, of course. I saw my open-
Ing and jumped in. I said. 'Well. I
guess I can arrange for you to meet
Miss Moreau at my rooms. I see her
twice a week when she comes to give
Edna her piano lesson. I'll ask her
when she can come, and let you kno^v.
and then she'll sine for you.' He. was
pleased, he was real pleased, and said
he'd come v.henever I said. And now.
yours woman." laying a large white
gloved hand on Marip.osa'3 knee, "that
ought to be the beginning of a career
for you!"
"That was father exactly. He must
have known him well. Mother. Isn't it
odd he never spoke of him? What did
you say then?"
Dan Moreau's daughter lack for any
thing. Her father'd have left a for
tune If he hadn't been a man that
thought of every one else before him
self.* "
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALE.
2
TOMORROW'S TANGLEShackleton made no answer. She
was used to reading his expression, and
the odd thought crossed her mind that
this remark of hers was unpleasant to
him.
Before she had time to reply a knock
at the door announced the arrival of
Mariposa. As she 'entered the two men
stood up, both looking at her with
veiled eagerness. To Essex his feeling
"Moreau had a dozen chances^ of
making his pile, as every man ' did in
those days," he said. "He was the
sort of man who is predestined to leave
his family poor."
"Yet they worship his memory," said
Mrs. Willers. "He must have been
very good to them." \
"No-o," she answered, "not exactly
that. Mr. Moreau left a life insurance
policy of $5000. Mariposa tells me that
$3000 of that went to pay his doctors'
bills and funeral expenses. He was
sick a long time. They are now living
on their capital, and they've been here
four months, and Mrs. Moreau has con
stant medical attendance."
'The millionaire gave a little click of
his tongue significant of annoyance.
"I've known Miss Moreau for three
months," he replied.. "I met her
here."
Shackleton turned back to Mrs. Wil
lers.
"I understand from you, Mrs. Willers,
that these ladies are left extremely
badly off. Are they absolutely without
means?"
f or her was making her. every appear- *
ance an event. To Shackleton It was a
moment of quivering interest In a ca
reer full of tumultuous moments.
A slight flush mounted to his face as
he met her eyes. She instinctively
looked at him first, with a charming,
look, girlish, shy and deprecating. Her
likeness to her mother struck him like
a blow, but she was an Amazonian
Lucy, with air that Lucy had lacked.
He saw himself in the stronger Jaw
and the firm lips. Physically, she was
molded of them both. | His heart
swelled with a passionate pride.. This,,
indeed, was his own child, bone of his
bone, and flesh of his flesh.
The introductions over, they resettled
themselves, and Mariposa found herself
beside. this quiet, gray-haired man,
talking quite volubly. . She was not shy
nor nervous, as she had expected to . be,
but felt peculiarly at her ease.' Looking
at her with intent eyes, he spoke to her
of the early days in California, ; when
he and her parents had come across.
. "You know, I.knew your father. in the
Sierras, long ago," he said. ' •
< "Yes," she answered rather hurriedly,
fearful lest he should ask her. if her
father had not spoken of hinv "so Mrs.
Willers said. It must have been a long
time ago. Was I there?" she added
with a smile. |
He* was taken aback by . the question ..
and said, stammeringly: -•-''' ¦ •
"Well, really now, I— I— don't quite
remember." * \
"I guess I wasn't," she said laughing.
"You must have known father, before
that. He' came, ovi . in forty-nine, you
know. I was born twenty-fo«r years
ago up in the mountains, in El. Dorado"
County, in. a little cabin miles, from
Placervllle. Mother's often . described
the place to me. They left soon after.".
He lowered his eyes. He was a man
of no sentiment or tenderness, ..yet
something in this false statement,' ut
tered so innocently . by. these ; .fresh
young lips, and taught with all, the
- licitude of love to this simple nature,
pierced like an arrow to the live spot
in Ijis deadened conscience.
"It -was more, than twenty-five years
ago that I was there," he said. "You
evidently were hot born' then.",
"But my,;mother , was there then. Do
you think 1 1 j look like her? ' My ', father
thought I was wonderfully like her." | .
He looked into the. candid face.-Mem
ories '"of. Lucy before his ,own/, harsh
treatment' and the hardships of her, life
had broken her, stirred in him. * "
"Yes,", he said slowly, "you're .very
like her. But. you're like your father,
too." \ '. ' •
"Am I?"';'she cried, evidently de
lighted. ; "Do you really think ' so ?"- 1
do, want to look like my fath\."
' . '.'Why ?" he. could not! help 'asking. <';'
She.stared at him surprised. : '
''Wouldn't ' you ': like to look . like b'oth
your. parents; if^they were .the two -fin
est people in the world?" ¦-• ..
Here Mrs.- Willers cut short the con-
ing another, and yet another song.
Only the clock chiming four roused him
to the fact that he must go. He was
living ' at his country " place at Menlo
Park and had to catch a train. He left
, them with assurances of his delight in
the performance. To Mariposa, as he
pressed- her hand in farewell, he said:
"I'll see you again. You've a. wonder
ful" voice, there's no mistake about that.
It's 1 a gift, a great gift, and it must
have its chance."
The- girl, carried away with the tri
umph of the afternoon, said gayly:
- "I'll sing for you whenever you like.
Could you never come up to our cottage
on Pine "street and meet my mother? I
know she would like to see you."
The slightest possible look of surprise
passed over his face, gone almost as
as it had come. Mariposa saw it,
however, and felt embarrassed. She
evidently had been too forward, and
looked down, blushing and uncomforta
ble. He recovered himself immediately,
and said:~\
1 "Not now, much as I should like to,
. Miss Moreau. I am living at Menlo
, Park," and all my spare time when busi
ness is over is spent in catching trains
"Tour youns men shall see visions, and jour
old men shall dream dreams." — Acts.
After he had put Mariposa on her car.
Essex went downtown to the paper
with some copy. He was making a fair
living on The Trumpet, and the work
he was doing suited him. He thought
he mfght last the winter and he had no
objections to passing the winter in San
Francisco. Like many of his kind, he
felt the lazy Bohemian charm of tha
adverse, many-colored, cosmopolitan
city sprawled on its sand dunes. Ths
restaurants alone made life more worth
while than anywhere else in the coun
try except New York.
To-night he went to one, for dinner,
that stood in Clay street, a short dis
tance below Kearny. He had a word
to say to the white-clothed chef, who
cooked the dinner in plain sight, on a
small oven and grill, beneath which tho
charcoal gleamed redly. He stopped
for a moment's badinage with the
buxom, fresh-faced French woman who
sat at the desk. She was the chefs
wife, Madame Bertrand, and liked
"Monsieur Esseex." who spoke her na
tal tongue as well as she did. There
was evidently truth in one piece of Es
sex's autobiography. Only a childhood
spent in France could teach the kind of
French he spoke with Madame Ber
trand.
He sat long over his dinner, smoking
and reading the evening papers. It was
so late when he left that Bertrand him
self came out of his cocking corner and
talked with him about Paris. "Mon
sieur Esseeex" knew Paris as well as
Bertrand, some parts of It better. He
had been educated there at one of the
large lycees. and had -gone back many
times, living now or one shle ot the
river, now on the other. Bertrand, In
his white cap and apron, conversing
with his guest, retained a curious man
ner of deference unusual In California.
* "Monsieur is a gentleman of some
kind or other." he told madame.
"There are many different kinds of
RETROSPECT.
CHAPTER III.
"Do you think I've sot a gcod voice?"
said MariDosa, stopping in the street
and staring morosely at him.
"Of course I do, dear lady,"
"Do you, really?"
"Yes, really." ¦
She smiled and tried to hide it by
looking down. It was hardly in a man
to continue bad-humored before this
naive display of pleasure at his com
mending word.
"You really think I might some day
become a singer, a professional sing
er?"
"I really do."
The smile broadened and lit her face.
"You always make me feel so stupid
—and— and— as if I didn't amount to
anything." she murmured.
It was so ssreet. so childishly candid,
that It melted the' last remnant of his
bad temper.
"You little goose," he said softly,
"don't you know I think more of you
than I do of any one In San Francisco?
[fs getting dark; take my arm till w
get to the car."
She did so and they moved forward.
"Or anywhere else," he murmured.
Mariposa felt her hopes as to tha
training of her voice becoming mean
and vulgar.
"He said he wantfd to h»ar me." sho
said stumblingly, "and she said It
would be a good things And I have no
money to educate my voice, and It's all
T have. Why do you se*m to disap
prove of it?"
"I?— disapprove? That would hardly
do. Why even If I wanted to. I have
not the right to. have I?"
Maripcsa's face flushed. She felt
«iow, that she had presupposed an in
timacy between them which he wanted
politely to suggest did not exist. This
was not by any means the first time
Essex had baffled and embarrassed her.
It amused him to do It, but to-day ha
was In a bad temper a!nd did it from
spleen.
"Somehow Jake Shackleton doesn't
suggest himself to me as a patron of
the arts," he said. "I don't think ha
knows "Yankee Doodle' from 'God Save
the Queen.' "
Mariposa thought of \he brilliant ar
ticle on the Italian opera, from Bellini
to Verdi, that the man beside her had
contributed to last Sunday's Trumpet*
and Jake Shackleton'a enthusiastic ad
miration of her singing immediately
eeemed the worthless praise of sodden
Ignorance.
"Then," she said desperately, "you
wouldn't attach any importance, if you
were I, to hia liking my singing? It
was just the way some people lika a
street organ simply because it plays
tunes."
"Oh, I wouldn't think that. There's
no reason why he shouldn't know a
good voice when he hears it."
"Oh, she's not an ass that way," he
answered. "She's an ass tt» try and
work Shackleton up to the point of be
coming a patron of the arts — as repre
sented by you."
He turned on her with a slight smile,
that brought no suggestion of amuse
ment to his somewhat saturnine face.
"Isn't that her idea?" he asked.
This quality was in his manner now,
and she began to feel how raw har
poor performance must have seemed to
the man who had heard the great
prima donnas of London and Paris.
"It was a small room, of course," she
assented, "but I had to sing somewhere,
and I couldn't hire a place.''
"Shackleton wanted to hear you, as I
understand it. Mrs. Willers said some
thing about his knowing your father."
There was no question about the
coldness of his voice now. Had Mari
posa known more about men she would
have seen he was irritated.
She repeated the fable of her father's
early acquaintance with Jake Shackle
ton, and of the latter's desire expressed
to- Mrs. Willera, of hearing her sing.
"Mrs. Wlllers is such an ass I" he said
suddenly and vindictively.
Mariposa was this time hurt for her
friend and spoke up:
"I don't see why you say that. I
don't think a woman's an asa who can
support herself and a child as sho
does"— she thought of her $16 and
added: "It's very hard for a woman
to make money."
"It was excellent, of course. ..You've
got a voice. But the room was too
small— and such a room to sing In, all
crowded with ridiculous things."
Mariposa felt hurt. She thought Es
mex was the finest, the most elegant and
finished person she had ever met. Ha
seemed to her to breathe the atmos
phere of those great sophisticated
cities she had never seen. In his talks
with her he now and then chilled her
by his suggestion of belonging to an
other and a wiser world, to which sh»
was a provincial outsider.
against the fiery background.
"How did you like it?" said Mariposa.
as they loitered on, "my singing. I
mean?"
But give your, mother my compliments
on the possession of such a daughter."
'Mariposa and Essex stayed chatting
with. Mrs. Willers for some time after
Shackle ton's departure. The clock had
chimed more than once, when finally
they left, and their hostess, exhausted,
but* exultant, threw herself back in a
chair, and watched Edna gather up the
remains. of jthe lunch.
"Put the cakes . in - the tin, dearie.
They'll do for to-morrow, and be sure
and } cork the bottle . tight. There's
enough for another, time."
• "Several other times," said Edna,
holding the bottle of port wine~up to the
light and squinting at it with ! er head
on one side. ' "It was a cheap party —
they hardly drank anything."
Mariposa and. her companion walked
up Sutter street with the lagging step
of people who find each other excellent
company. ¦
It was the end of a warm afternoon
In September, one of those still, deeply
flushed evenings > en the air is tepid
and, smells' of distant fires, and the
vringed ants come out of the rotten
sidewalk* by; the thousand. The west
was a clear, thin red smudged with
brown "smoke,. The houses grew dark
and ever] darker, and. seemed j.o loom
more -solidly black every' moment.
They looked dreamlike and mysterious
fcr a while."
It would have been difficult for the
eye of the deepest affection to see in
the Comstock millionaire the emigrant
of twenty-five years before. A mother
might have been deceived. The lean
figure had grown chunky and heavy.
Th<? drawn face was now not full— it
was the type of face that would never
be fu!l— but was lacking in the seam?
that had then furrowed it. The hair
•was gray, worn thin on the temples,
and the beard, trimmed and well
tended, vas feray, too. Perhaps the
Btron?»g\ tie with the past was that
th~ mr jt suggested <.he same hard, flne
. viry energy. It still shone In
Kis'V: ' ow, light-colored eyes, and stiii
was to be seen f n his lean, muscular
hand, that was frequently used In ges
"ticulation. *
In manner the change xr :s equally
sfppar- :L , Though colloquial, his
j £. showed none of the' coarse illit
?? . ss of the past. His r-anner was
»C*"-<^ -bruptly natural, and hot lack
" ttt:,;VS 8Ort of dignity, the dignity of
e *Het » wno has won nls "*kce among
* _ llcit yA.^yaj dreesed with the utmost
•as nor P eVr £ y* soft feIt wide-awake
' t o5 d not t w t This black Prince Albert
?t ciep**"^ * it; him wlt « anything like
utUned "* - : - T w * tn which Barry Essex's
cravat ' n nSs fine chape. A Httl • purple
.-.< ' r tied in a bow appeared from
beneath hifi turned-down collar. It was
somewhat shiny from the brushing of
his beard.
"You must suppose I'm anxious to
see this young lady." he saM, "after
what you'v« told me about jr."
"Well, ask Mr. Essex if I've exagger
ated." said Mrs. Willers. "i:» knows
her, too."
"I don't know what you'vl said," he
returned, "but I don't think anything
could be too complimentary that was
»«iid vT Miss Moreau."
"Eh!— better and better," said the
<>Ider man. "I didn't know you knew
her, Essex?"
He turned his gray eyes, absolutely
cold and non-committal, on Essex, who
answered th«m •with an equally expres
sionless gaze.
had ewept the room with a quick, in
vestigating glance. This time Mrs.
Willers did not affect unconsciousness,
and said briskly:
"No, our young lady hasn't come yet.
Tou'll have to try and put up with me
nation, and just how much It would
add to her prestige.
She row fluttered about in a wrap
per, and with a piece of black net tied
tight over her forehead. Through this
the forms of dark circular curls out-
' lined themselves like silhouettes. Mrs.-
Willers had no warpaint on, and
though she looked a trifle warm, was
• much more attractive in appearance
than when decorated with her pink and
while complexion and her spotted veil.
Edna, who was already dressed, was a
beautiful, fair-haired child of twelve.
.The struggles she had seen her mother
pass thrc-ugh. with her eyes bright and
her head high, had developed in her a
• precocity of mind that had not spoiled
fhe sweet childishness of a charming
nature. It would be many years yet
¦before Edna would understand that
ehe had been the sheei-anchor of the
mother who was to her so clever and
so brave; the mother, who, in her mo
ments of weakness and temptation, had
•found her child the one rock to cling to
in the welter of life.
Mrs. \Tillers retired to the bedroom
to dress, occasionally coming to the
doorway in various stages of deshabille
50 give Instructions to the child. Her
toiipt was accomplished with mutilated
rites, and by the time the sacrificial
moment came of laying on the rouge
her cheeks were too flushed with ex
citement to need it. When she did ap
pear it would have been difficult to rec
ognize her as the woman of an hour
earlier. Even the black silhouettes had
.passed through a metamorphosis and
appeared as a fluff of careless curie.
The first guest to arrive was the man
ehe had epoken of as Essex. The ladles
at the windows below had been struck
into whispering surprise by his appear
ance. San Francisco was still enjoying
its or* final reputation as a land of
picturesque millionaires, who lived lives
nf lawlessness and splendor. Men of
position still wore soft felt hats and
buttoned themselves tight into Prince
Albert coats when they went down to
business in the morning. Perhaps In
the traveled circles, where the bonanza
kings and their associates lived after
. European models, there were men who
bore the stamp of metropolitan finish,
as Barry Essex did. But they did not
visit Sutter street boarding-houses nor
wear silk hats when they paid after
noon calls. San Francisco was still in
that stage when this form of headgear
was principally associated in its mind
with the men who drew teeth and
sold patent medicines on the sand lots
behind the City Hall.
Barry Essex, anywhere, would hare
been a striking figure. He was a hand
some man of some thirty years, tall
and spare, and with a dark, smooth
shaven face where the nose was high
and the eyes veiled and cold. He
looked like a person of high birth, and
. there were stories that he was, though
by the left hand. He spoke with an
English accent, and, when asked his
nationality, shrugged his shoulders, and
*aid it was hard to say what It was —
his father had been a Spaniard, his
mirther an Englishwoman, and he had
been born and reared In France.
That he was. a man of ability and
education, superior to the work he was
doing as specir.l writer on Jake Shack
leton's paper. The Trumpet, was obvi
ous. But San 'Francisco had become
bo used t<r mysteriously interesting
strangers. th2t come from no one
"knows where, and suggest an attrac
tively unconventional history, that the
particular curiosity excited by Essex
soon died, and he was merely of mo
•nie:it as the author of some excellent
articles on art,- literature and music in
The Sunday Trumpet.
He greeted Mrs. "Wlllers with a
friendly fellowship, then let a quick,
purrej»titi<rus glance sweep the room.
Sh<? saw it. knew what he was looking
for. but affected unconsciousness. His
manner was touched by the slightest
suggestion of something elaborate and
theatrical, which, in Mrs. Willers' mind,
seemed to have some esoteric connec
tion with the silk hat. '-'his he now —
after slowly looking about for a safe
place of deposit — handed to Edna with
the careless remark: "Will you put
this down somewhere, Edna?"
The child took it, flushing slightly.
She was accustomed to being made
much of by her mother's guests, and
Essex's manner stung her little girl's
pride. But she put the hat on the
piano and retired to her corner, behind
the refreshment table.
A moment later she opened the door
to Jake Shackleton. Mrs. Willers, red
rh<*eked and triumphant, felt that this
¦eras indeed a proud moment for her.
She said as much, drawing an amused
laugh from her second guest He, too,
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
versation by asking Mariposa to sing..
The girl rose and. went directly to the
piano.". For days this moment had beeiu
looming before her In nightmare ¦ pro
portions. She was fevtrishly anxious
to do her best and slckeningly fearful
of failure. Now her confidence was un
shaken. Something?— Impossible to say
Just what— had reassured her. Her
hands were trembling a little as she
struck the keys, and her first notes
showed the oscillation of nervousness,
but. soon the powerful voice began to
came more under her "control, and she
pouredit out exultantjy. She. never
sang better. 'Her voice, much too large
for the small space, was almost painful
In Its resonant force. ;
,Of,the,two men the elder was!with
out musical knowledge of any kind. He.
was amazed and delighted at what ¦
seemed to him an astonishing perform
ance, j But .Essex knew that with
proper training^ guidance there
were, possibilitles^of a' brilliant future
for this handsome and 'penniless young'
woman.' ( 'He' had lived much among
professional- singers," and he knew that
Mariposa •Mo'reau possessed an un
usual voice. For reasons of his own he.
did' not desire, her to know; her own
power._and he .was : secretly irritated
that she sang no "well. ':."'
. She continued, Shackleton request-
3From his first meeting with her, Bar
ry Essex had conceived a deep Interest
in Mariposa. He had known women of
many and divers sorts, and loved a
few after the manner of his kind, which
was to foster indolently a selfish ca- ,
price. Marriage was out of the ques
tion for him unless with money, and
some instinct, perhaps Inherited from
his romantic and deeply loving mother,
made this singularly repugnant to his
nature, which was neither sensitive
nor scrupulous. The mystery and haz
ard of life appealed to him, and to ex
change this for the dull monotony of a
rich marriage was an unbearably Irk
some ! thought to his unrestrained and
adventurous spirit.
Marlposa's charm had struck him
deeply. He had never before met that
combination of extreme simplicity of
character with the unconscious majesty
of appearance which marked the child
of the far West He saw her In that
Europe, which was his home, as a con
quering queen; and he thought proudly
of himself as the owner of such a
woman.; Moreover, he was certain that
her voice, properly trained and di-*
rected, would be a source of wealth.
She seemed to him the real vocal artist,
stupid In all but one great gift; in that,
pre-eminent.
Mariposa was trembling on the verge
of a first love. She had never seen any
one like Essex, and regarded him as the
most distinguished and brilliant of be
ings. ,Hl3 attentions flattered her as
she had never beeen flatttered before,
and she found herself constantly won
dering what he saw in a girl who must
appear to him so raw.
Her experience of men was small.
Once in Sacramento, when she was
eighteen, she had received an offer from
a young lawyer, and two years ago, in
Santa Barbara, she had been the re
cipient of a second, from a prosperous
rancher. Both had been refused with
out hesitation, and had left no mark
on imagination or heart Then, at a
critical period of her life — lonely, poor.
a stranger in a strange city — she had
fallen In with Essex, and for the first
time felt the thrill at the sound of a
footstep, the quickening pulse and
flushing cheek at the touch of a hand,
that she had read of in novels. She
thought that nobody had seen this; but
the eyes of the dangerous man under
whose spell she had fallen were watch-
Ing her with wary yet ardent Interest
He had known . her now for three
months and had seen her frequently.
His visits at the Pine-street cottage
were augmented by occasional meet-
Ings at Mrs. Wlllers', when that lady
was at home and receiving company,
and, by walks together. Of late, too,
he had asked her to go' to the theater
—Browning.
He looked at her &a a lover can;
Ebe looked at him as one who awakes.
A GALA NIGHT.
CHAPTER IV.
• "Oh, I'll tell you about her to-mor
row. It's a long story 'and I don't want
to be hurried over it" .
. He had made up his mind that he
would tell Bessie he had seen and in
tended to assist i his eldest child. He
had always been frank with her, and
he was not going to dissemble now. He
knew that with all her faults she was a
generous woman.
the remark would have been charming
ly plaintive — **I don't know what makes
him so.." :
"He can be more like a patent con
gealing ice-box when he wants to be
than anybody I ever saw. But I don't
see why he should be so to you."
"I don't either, but he is often. He
never says anything exactly disagree
able, but he. makes me feel sort of— of—
meant . Sometimes I think he doesn't
like me at all."
"Oh, ; bosh ! " said Latlmer gallantly;
"if that's the case he's ripe for a com
mission of lunacy."
: Shackleton meantime had entered the
.house and ascended to his dressing
room. He was In there making the
small change which marked his dinner
from his business toilet when his wife
entered.
The years had turned Bessie into a
buxom, j fine-looking matron, fashion
ably dressed, but Inclined to be very
.stout Her eye and its glance were
sharp and keen-edged, still alight with
, vigor and alertness. It was easy to see
why Jake Shackleton, the reader of
character, had set aside his feeble first
wife for thla dominating and forceful
partner. He had been faithful to her;
after a fashion had loved her, and cer
tainly admired her, for she had the
characteristics^ most respected.
In his success she had been the same
assistance . that she had hten in his
poverty. She had climbed' the social
heights and conquered the impregna
ble position they now occupied. Her
rich - dress, her handsome appearance,
her agreeably modulated voice, all
were in-keeping with the position and
great wealth that were theirs. The
house of which she. was the mistress
was . ordered and sumptu
ously furnished. She had only disap
pointed him in one way— her children.
"What made you late?" she, too,
.asked; "several people came down this
afternoon."
"I was detained— a girl Mrs. Wlllers
wanted me to see: who's here?"
"Latlmer and Count de Lamolle and
George Herron and the Thurston girls;
the Delanceys are coming over to
dinner."
He nodded at the names — Bessie
knew well how to arrange her parties.
The^ Thurstons were two impoverished
sisters of great beauty, and that proud
Southern stock of which early Califor
nia thought so highly and rewarded in
\most cases with poverty. Count de
Lamolle was a distinguished foreigner
that she- was considering for Maud.
The other two young men filled in
nicely. The Delanceys were a brother
and sister.iclaimants of. the great De
lancey grant which was now in litlga
- tion. It had come into their possession
by the marriage of their grandmother,
the Senorita Concepcion de Briones, in
1 '36, to the Yankee skipper Jeremiah
Delancey. ' /.';;' ;
/"Who was the girl Mrs. Willers
wanted you to see?" Bessie asked.
Back in his room the young man took
up his book again, but the thread of hla
Interest was broken. His mind refused
to return to the prescribed channels be
fore it, but began to drift here and
there on the wayward currents of
memory.
The house was now perfectly quiet
The little fire had fallen together into
a pleasant core of warmth that genial
ly diffused its heat through the room.
Essex, sprawling In his chair, his long
arms following Its arms, his finely
formed, loose-Jointed hands depending
over the rounded ends, let his dreaming
The man stopped, looking furtively at
him as If half expecting to be struck.
Essex turned toward the door and
passed out As he did so he heard him
mutter: "And I'd seen her ' before,
tOO." ,»;*.. '^
"Well, you'll see me again to-night if
you don't keep quiet, and this time you
won't like It."
"You was with a lady, a fine-looking
lady."
"Here — no more of that talk," said
Essex threateningly.
"Pardon, pardon!" said the other
humbly, "but I couldn't find the gas
this time. Doc. This is a small room,
but things do get away Bomehow."
He looked stupidly about with his
bleared eyes. The room was small and
miserably dirty and uninviting.
"There's a room," he said suddenly
In a loud, dramatic tone and with a
sweep of his arm, "for a man who
might have been a bonanza king!"
Essex turned to go.
"If you make any more of this row
to-night I'll see that you're turned out
to-morrow," he said haughtily.
He wheeled about on the drunkard as
he spoke. The man's sodden face was
lit with a flash of malevolent Intelli
gence, to be superseded immediately by
a wheedling smile.
"I seen you before to-day," be said.
The lodger's door opened, shut, and
there was silence. Essex— a.n earnest
reader— was soon deep in his book.
From this he waa Interrupted by a step
In Lae passage and a light knock on the
door. In response to his "Come in," the
door opened hesitantly, and the man
from across the hall thrust In his
head. It was a head of Mild gray hair,
with an old yellow face, eeamed and
shriveled beneath It The eyes, which
¦were beadily dark and set close to the
nose, were bloodshot, the lips slack and
uncertain. A very dirty hand was
curled round the edge of the door.
"Well, what is it?" said Essex.
"I've lost my matches agin," said the
man. in a whiningly apologetic tone.
"There are some," said Essex, desig
nating his box on the mantelpiece.
"'Take what you want."
The stranger shambled In, and after
scratching about the box with a trem
ulous hand, secured a bunch. Essex
looked at him with cynical interest He
was miserably dressed, dirty, and
ragged. He walked with an apologetic
slouch, as if continually expecting a
kick in the rear. He was evidently very
drunk, and the odor of the liquids he
had imbibed compassed him in an am
bulating reek.
"Thanks to you, Doc," he said, as he
vrent out. "So long."
A. few minutes later Essex heard a
cra*h from his neighbor's room, and
then exclamations of anger and dole.
These continuing with an increased vol
ume, Essex rose and went to the source
of sound. The room was pitch dark,
and from it, as from the entrance to
the cave of the damned, imprecations
and lamentations were issuing In a
etrenuous flood. With the match he
had brought he lit the gas, and turning
saw his late visitor holding by the foot
board of the bed, having overturned a
small stand, which had evidently been
surmounted by a nickel clock.
"What the devil do you mean, by
making such a noise?" he said angrily.
gentlemen in California,'.' returned that
lady, oracularly.
It was nearly nine when Essex left
the restaurant, and passing down
Kearny street for a few blocks, turned
to his right and began to mount the
ascending sidewalk that led to his
lodgings. These were in a humble and
unfashionable neighborhood in Bush
street. The house was of a kind
whence gentility has departed. It
stood back on the top of two small ter
races, up which mounted two wooden
flights of stairs, one with a list to star
board so pronounced that Essex had,
once or twice, while ascending, thought
the city in the throes of an earthquake.
The darkness of night wrapped it
now. As it was early a light within
shone out dimly through two narrow
panes of glass flanking the hall door.
He let himself in and mounted a dirtily
carpeted stairway. The place smelled
evilly of old cooking and the smoke of
many and various cigarettes, cigars
and pipes. It was a man's roomlng
hpuse, and the men evidently smoked
where and what they listed. Essex had
no idea who they were and had seen
only one of them; a man on the same
floor with him who. he surmised, by
the occasional boisterousness* of his en
trances, frequently came home drunk.
His room was one of the best in the
house, on the front, and with a large
bay window commanding the street. It
was fairly comfortable and well fur
nished, and the draft of soft, chill air
that crossed it from the opened window
kept it fresh. Essex, after lighting the
gas in the pendent chandelier, bent
and lilndled the fixe laid in the grate.
Like many foreigners, he found San
Francisco cold, and after the manner
of his bringing up woulfl no more
have denied himself a fire/When he was
chilly than a glass of wine when he
was thirsty. Different nations have
their different extravagances, and Es
sex's French, boyhood had stamped him
with respect for the little comfort* of
that Intelligent race.
He pulled up an easy chair and sat
down In front of the small blaze, with
his hands out. Its warmth was pleas
ant, and h» stayed thus, thinking. Pres
ently he smiled slightly, his ear having
caught the sounds of his fellow lodger's
6tumbling ascent of the stairs. The
man was evidently drunk again, and he
wondered vaguely how he ever man
aged to mount the terrace steps with
the list to starboard.
Now he stood on that margin. He
was thirty years old with shame and
bitterness behind him, and before -him
the dead monotony of a lifetime of
work. He hated It all. No memory
sustained him. The past was as sore
to dwell on as the future was sterile.
It was the parting of the ways. And
where they parted he saw Mariposa
During the long summer holidays
after that Antonio % Perez was only
there once over a Sunday. Then he did
not come again, and Barry was glad,
for he had never cared for his father.
He passed delightful days in the Tria
non Park with his mother, who was
very silent and had gray hair on her
temples. She walked beside him with
a slow step,, dragging her rich lace
skirts and with her parasol hanging In
dolently over her shoulder. It, pleased
him to see that many people looked at
her, but she took no notice of them.
When Barry went back to England to
school that year he began to feel that
he knew what was coming. .It came the.
next vacation. His mother had not
dared to tell him by letter. Her hus
band had deserted her and disappeared,
leaving her with a few thousand francs
in the bank and not a friend. •. ;
After that there were three misera
ble years when they lived In a little
apartment on the Rue de Sevres, up
four flights of stairs with a bonne a
tout faire. His mother had had to
conquer the extravagant habits of a
lifetime, and she did It ill. During the
last year of her life the sale of her
Jewels kept them. Barry was eighteen
when she died, and those long last
days when she lay on the sofa in the
remnants of the rich and splendid
clothes she found it so hard to do with
out were burned into his memory for
ever.
Their furniture— some of wljlch was
rare and handsome — brought them a
few hundred francs, and on this he
lived for another year, eking out his
substance with his first tentative at
tempt at journalism. When he was
twenty-one' he received a legal notice
that his father had died in Venezuela,
leaving him all he possessed, which,
debts paid and the estate settled,
amounted to about 910,000
This might have been a fortune to the
youth, but the bitter bread he had
eaten had soured the best in him. He
took his legacy and resolved to taste
of the Joy of life. For several years he
lived on the crest of j the wave, now
and then diverting himself with jour
nalism, the only profession that at
tracted him and one in which his tal
ents were readily recognized. He saw
much of the world and Its ways, living
in many cities and among many peo
ples. He tried to cut' himself off from
the past, adopting, after his mother's
death, her old stage name of Essex.
Then, his money spent, there had
been a dark Interval of bad luck and
despondency, when' Barry Essex, the
brilliant amateur Journalist, had fallen
out of the ranks of people that are seen
and talked about. Without means, he
sank to the level of a battered and
out-at-elbows Bohemian. There was a
year or two when he swung between
London and Paris, making money as
he could, and not always frequenting
creditable company. Then the tide
of change struck him and he went
to New Tork, worked there successfully
till once again the. Wanderlust carried
him farther afield.
He had now arrived at the crucial
point of his career. In his vagabond
past there many episodes best loft in
darkness, but nothing that stamped
him as an o'utcast by individual selec
tion. Shady things were behind him in
thatvdark. morose year when he found
disreputable company to his taste. But
he had never stepped quite outside the
pale. There had always been a mar
gin. ;? v
He remembered her far back In the
days when he sat oh her knee and was
read to out of fairy books. She had
been very pretty then and very happy,
and had always talked English^ with
him while every one else spoke French.
She had been an English woman, an ac
tress of beauty and promise, who in
the zenith of her popularity had made
what the world called a fine marriage
with a rich Venezuelan, who lived in
Paris. The stories of Essex's doubtful
paternity were, falfle. Rose Barry-
Rose Essex, on the stage— had been the
lawful wife of Antonio Perez, and for.
ten years was the happy wife as well.
They were very prosperous In those
days, j Barry had gone to the lycee all
week and come back every Friday to
the beautiful apartment ln-the Rue de
Ponthieu. There were lovely spring
Sundays when they drove in the Bois
and sometimes got out ot the carriage
and walked down the sun-ftecked allees
under the budding trees. And there
were even lovelier winter Sundays when
they loitered along the boulevards in
the crisp, dear cold, with the sky
showing leaden gray through the bar
ring of black boughs, and when; they
came home to a parlor lit with fire and
lamplight and had oranges and hard
green grapes after dinner. ' /
He had loved his pretty mother de
votedly In those happy, days, but for
his saturnine, dark"-visaged father he
had. only a sentiment of uneasy fear.
He was twelve, when at his mother's
request he was sent to England to
school. He could remember, looking
back afterward, that his mother had
not been so pretty or so happy \hen.
When he came home from school for
vacations she was living at Versailles
in a little house that presented a se
cret, non-committal front to the stony
street, but that in the back had a de
lightful garden full of miniature foun
tains and summer-houses and grottoes.
From the wall he could see the mossy
trees and stretches of sun-bathed
sward of the Trianon. His father was
not always there when he came. One
Easter vacation he was not there at all,
and when he had asked his mother why
she had burst into sudden terrible tears
that frightened him.
gaze rest on this red heart of living
coal, while his pipe smoke lay between
it and his face in delicate layers.*
His thoughts slipped back over child
ish memories to his first ones, when he
had lived a French boy's life with his
mother in' Paris.
meat of distaste and irritation against
his second daughter, \ who had sup
planted in his home and in the world's
regard his elder and fairer child. * :';
The carriage turned in through a
lofty gate and rolled at a slackened
pace up a long winding drive. v Jacob
Shackleton's Mtrilo Park estate, was
one of the showy ones of that gathering
place of rich men's mansions.
The road wound for some half mile
through a stretch of uncultivated' land,
dotted- with the forms of huge live
oaks, v The % grass beneath .them was,
burnt gray and was brittle and slippery.
The massive: trees, some round and
compact and so densiy leaved that' they
were as impervious ; to rain as an um
brella, ¦ others .throwing . out long,
gnarled arms as if spellbound In some
giant throe of pain, cast vast slanting
shadows upon the parched ground._
Some 'seemed, like trees in Dore's draw-,
ings, to be endowed with a grotesque,
weird humanness of aspect, as though
an Imprisoned dryad or gnome were
struggling to escape, causing, the
mighty trunk to bow and writhe, and
sending tremors of life along each con
vulsed limb. • . A mellow hoarlness
marked ; them all, due to their own
richly subdued coloring and the long
garlands of i silvery moss that hung
from £ their boughs like an' . eldrich
growth of hair.
'. A sudden greenness in the sward and
brilliant glimpses of flower-beds
pieced in between dark • tree-trunks,
told of the proximity of the house. It.
was a massive structure,' architectur
ally ugly, but gaining a sort of majesty'
from Its own ponderous bulk and from
the splendor of lawns and trees about
It. The last level rays of the sun w~ere
now flooding grass and garden, piercing
bosky thickets where greens, melted
Into greens, and sleeping on stretches
of close-cropped emerald turf. | From
. among the smaller trees the lordly blue
pines— that with . the . oaks 7 were ' once
the only idenixens of $he long tfch val
ley—soared up, lonely and somber..
Their crests, stirred by passing airs, v
emitted eollan murmurings,* Infinitely
- mournful, as if repining for the days
when they had ruled alone. 7 '
At the bend in the drive where the
road turned off to the stables Shackle
ton allghted«>and walked over the*grass
toward the house. The curious silence
that is so marked a characteristic of
the California landscape wrapped the
place and 'made it seem like an en
chanted palace held in a spell of sleep.
Not a leaf nor pendent flower : bell
stirred. In this hour of warmth and
stillness evanescent breaths . of fra
grance rose from the carpets of violets
that were beginning to bloom about
"the roots of the live-oaks. , |
As.he reached the house Maud and a
young man came round the corner and
approached, him. The girl was dressed
in a delicate and elaborate gown of
pale pink frilled with much '.' lace, and
with the glint of falling ribbons gleam
ing here and there. She carried a pink
rparaaol over her shoulder, and against
the background of variegated greens
her figure looked modish as a fashion
plate. It was a very becoming and ele
gant costume, and one in which most
young girls Would have looked their
best. / '. "¦¦•;> ...
Maud, who was not pretty, was the S
type of woman who looks least well in
handsome habiliments. Her Irremedi
able commonness seemed thrown into
higher prominence by . adornment. The
softly-tinted dress robbed her pale skin ,
of all glow and made her lifeless brown
hair look duller. She had a round, ex
pressionless face, prominent pale blue
eyes, and a chin that receded slightly.
She was not so plain as she was with
out: vivacity, Interest or sparkle , of,
youth. With her matter-of-fact man
ner, heavy figure, and large; unani
mated face she might have been forty
instead of twenty-one.
- She was somewhat laboriously co
quetting with her. companion, a. tall,
handsome young Southerner, -some six
or seven years her senior, whom her
father recognized as one of his supe
rior clerks : and shrewdly suspected of
matrimonial designs. At sight of her
parent a slight change passed over her
face. She smiled, but not so spontane
ously; her speech faltered, and she said,
coming awkwardly forward:
"Oh, Popper! you're late to-day; were
you delayed?"
"Evidently, considering I'm an hour
later than usual. Howdy, Latlmer;
glad to see you down."/
He stopped and looked at them with
the slightest inquiring .smile. Though
he said nothing to Indicate it, both.
knowing him in different aspects, felt
he was not pleased. His whole person
ality seemed to radiate a cold antagon
ism.
"It's good you , got down anyhow,"
said Maud constrainedly; "this Is much
nicer than town. Isn't It, Mr. Latlmer?"
7 All the joy bad % been taken' out of
Latlmer by his chief's obvious and
somewhat terrifying displeasure. Had
he t been alone with Maud, he would
have known well how to respond to her
remark with •' Southern fervency of
phrase. But" now he only said with
stiff politeness: / ' .
"Oh, this is quite ideal!" and lapsed
into uncomfortable silence, j
"Was It some one Interesting that
made you late?" queried Maud, as her
father made no attempt to continue the
conversation.
"Very," he responded; "handsome
and interesting."
"Won't you tell us about them?" the
girl asked, feeling that the word
/'handsome" contained a covert allusion
to her own lack of beauty of which she
was extremely sensitive. .
„ "Not now, and I don't think it would
Interest you much,' anyway. Is your
mother indoorb?"
The girl nodded and he turned away
and disappeared round the corner of
the house. She and Latlmer sauntered
¦ on.'; .; '. I ;
"The handsome and interesting per
son doesn't seem to have made your
paternal any fuller of the milk of hu
man kindness," said the , young man; '
whose suit had progressed further than
: people . guessed.
. ''Popper's often like that," said Maud
slowly— and in a prettier and more at
tractive girl the tone 'and manner of
Satisfied pride was still seething in
him when he alighted from the train
and entered the waiting carriage. This
magnificent girl was worthy of him,
worthy of the millions that were really
hers. She had everything the; others
lacked— beauty, charm, ' talents. Her
whole air, that \ regalness of' aspect
which sometimes curiously ' distin
guishes the simple women of the West,
appealed passionately to his /ambition
and love of success. She was born' to
conquer, to be a queen of men. ., The
image of Maud rose beside her, and
seemed clumsier and commoner than
ever. The father felt ( a slight move-
With stealthy persistence he followed
the steps of the peaceful couple -who
had it in their power to ruin him." Ser
enity began to come to him as he heard
that the union was singularly happy;
that Moreau, confident' no ' one would
molest them, bad gone through a cere
mony of marriage with Lucy, and that .
thevChlld was being brought' up as
their own.
As wealth came to Shackle ton he
thought of them with a sort of Jealous,
triumph. With his remarkable insight
into men he knew that Dan Moreau
would never make money; that he was
one of the world's predestined poor .
men. Then as riches grew and grew,
and the emigrant of the fifties became
the bonanza king of the seventies, he
wondered if the time might not ' come
when they would turn to him. ~ ¦ • •
He would have liked It, for under the
cold indifference of his manner the"
transaction at the cabin In the Sierra
forever haunted him with j its savage
shamelessnesss. It was the one debas
ing blot on a career which, hard, self
ish, often unprincipled, had yet never,
before or after, sunk to the level it
that base action. '
When Moreau died at Santa Barbara
Shackle ton heard it with a sense of re
lief. He was secretly becoming anxious
to see Ms child. Bessie' had borne him
two children, a boy and a girl, and It
was partly the disappointment in these
that made him desirous of seeing Mar
iposa. He knew and Bessie knew that
she ' was his ¦ only legitimate'' child.
Though he had virtually entered Cali
fornia with but one wife, and the blot
of Mormonlsm had been wiped from his
record before he bad been two days In
the State, the rumor that he Had once
been a Mormon still carelessly passed'
from mouthy to mouth. l Should it ever
become known that there ' had been a
former wife, Bessie and her children
¦would have no lawful claim on him,
though the 'children, as acknowledged
and brought, up by him, would inherit
part of his estate. .-. '
With his great wealth the pride that
was one of the dominant characteris
tics of his hard and driving nature
grew apace. He had money by millions,
but no. .one , to do it credit. It would
have been the crowning delight of his
tumultuous .career to have a beautiful
daughter or talented son to grace the
luxury that surrounded him. But Bes
sie's, children were neither of these
things. They were dull and common
place. Maud was fat and heavy both
In mind and body, while Winslow' was,
to his father, a. slow-witted, character
less youth, without the will, energy or
Initiative of either of his parents. Af
fection not grounded on 'admiration
was Impossible to Shackleton, who
sometimes in his exasperation— for the
successful man bore disappointment ill
—would say to himself:
"But they are not my. real children;
I have only one child— Dan .Moreau's
daughter." • ,
After the death of Moreau he learned
that Lucy and Mariposa were in San
Francisco. There he lost trace of them
and was forced to consult de
tective who had done work for him be
fore. It was an easy matter to -find
them, and only a few^etters passed be
tween him and the detective. In these
the man gave the address and financial
condition of the ladles, and added that
the daughter was said to be "a beauti
ful, estimable and .accomplished young
woman." This fired still further the
father's deeire to see her. He learned,
too, of their crippled means and it
pleased him to think that now they
might be dependent on him. But he
shrank with an unspeakable repug
nance from the thought of seeing Lucy
again, and he was for weeks trying to
find some way of meeting Itfaripoaa and
not meeting her mother. It was at
this stage that, purely by accident, he
learned that ilixs. Willers' daughter
was one of Marlposa's pupils. A day
or two after he summoned Mrs. Wlllers
to the "interview that finally brought
about the meeting. .'
Btanding drawing him by the hand one
way, 1 while he gently but persistently
drew her the other.
In his softly lit library in. his great
house at Menlo Park another man was
at that time also thinking of Mari
poea. He had been thinking of her off
and on ever, since he had bidden her
good-by that afternooon at Mrs. Wil
lersV . ¦>¦.[" . ¦ .'
As the train had whirled him over the
parched, thirsty country, burnt ; to a
drouth, he had no thought for anything
but his newly discovered daughter. His
glance dwelt unseeing on " the tanned
fields witbthelr belts of olive eucalyp
tus woods, and the turquoise blue of the
bay beyond the painted marsh. | Men
descending at way stations raised their
hats to him as they mounted into the
handsome carriages drawn up by the
platform. His return to their salutes
was a preoccupied nod. His mind was
full of his child— his splendid 'daughter.
Jake Shaokleton had . not f orgottten
his first wife and child, as Dan Moreau
and Lucy had always hoped. He was a
man of many and secret interests, pull-
Ing many wires, following many trails.
He knew their movements and fortunes
from the period of their marriage in
Hangtown. At first this secret espion
age was due to fear of their betraying
him. He had begun to prosper shortly
after his entrance Into the State, and
with prosperity and the slackening of
the strain of the trip across the desert
came a realization of what he had done.
He saw quickly how the selling of his
wife would appeal to the California
mind, in those days fantastically chiv
alrous to women. He would be un
done.
with him. Lucy was always Included
In these Invitations, but was unable
to go. The theater was an untarnished
delight to Mariposa, and to refuse her
the joy of an evening spent there was
not In the mother's heart. Moreover,
Lucy, In her agony at the thought of
leaving the girl alone in the world,
watched Essex with a desperate anxi
ety trying to fathom his feelings. It
seemed to- the unworldly woman, that
this attractive gentleman might have
Wen sent by fate to be the husband
who was to love and guard the child
when the mother was gone.
' A few days after the party at Mrs.
Willers* rooms Essex had invited Mari
posa to go with him to a performance
af "II" Trovatore," to be given at "Wade's
Opera-house. The company, managed
by a French man called Lepine, was
one of those small foreign ones that in
those days toured the West to their
own profit and the pleasure of their
audiences. The star was advertised as
a French diva of European renown.
Ess«x had heard her on the Continent,
and pronounced her well worth hearing,
If rather too fat to be satisfying to the
esthetic demands of the part of Leo
nora. Grand opera was still something
of a rarity In San Francisco and It
promised to be an occasion. The pa
pers printed the names of those who
had bought boxes. Mariposa had read
that evening that Jacob Shackleton
would occupy the left-hand proscenium
box with his wife and family.
"His daughter," said Mariposa, stand-
Ing in front of the glass as she put on
finishing touches, "Is ugly, Mrs. Willers
says. I think that's the way it ought
to be. It wouldn't be fair to be an
heiress and handsome."
"It wouldn't be fair for you to be an
heiress, certainly," commented the
mother from her armchair. ,
"You don't think I abuse the privi
lege a penniless girl has of being good
looking?" said Mariposa, turning from
the glass with a twinkling eye.
She looked her best and knew It.
Relics of better days lingered in the
bureau drawers and Jewel boxes of
these ladies as they did in the small
parlor. That night they had been mus
tered in their might for Mariposa's
decking. She- was proud In the con
sciousness that the dress of fine black
lace she wore, through the meshes of
which her statuesque arms and neck
gleamed like ivory, was made from a
shawl that In its day had been a costly
possession. Her throat was bare, the
lace leaving It fnee and closing below It.
Where the black edges came together
over the white skin a small brooch of
diamonds was fastened. Below the rim
of her hat, her hair glowed like copper,
and the coloring of her lips and cheeks
was deepened by excitement into vary
ing shades of coral.
As they entered the theater, Essex
was aware that many heads were
turned in their direction. But Mari
posa was too Imbued with the Joyous
unusualness of the moment to notice it.
She had forgotten herself entirely, and
sitting af little forward, her lips parted,
surveyed the rustling and fast-filling
house.
The glow of the days of Comstock
glory was still in the air. San Fran
cisco was still the city of gold and sil
ver. The bonanza kings had not left
it, but were trying to accommodate
themselves to the palaces they were
rearing with their loose millions. So
ciety yet retained Its
tone, careless, brilliant, and unconven
tional. There were figures in it that
had made it famous — men who began
life with a pick and shovel and ended
It In an orgy of luxury; women, whose
habits of early poverty dropped from
them like a garment, and who. carried
away by their power, displayed the bar
baric caprices of Roman empresses.
The sudden possession of wealth had
intoxicated this people, lifting them
from the level of the commonplace into
a saturnalia of extravagance. Poverty,
the only restraint many of them had
ever felt, was gone. Money had made
them lawless, whimsical, bizarre. It
had developed all-conquering personal
ities, potent individualities. They were
still playing with it,- wondering at it,
throwing it about.
Essex let his glance roam over the
audience, that filled the parquet, and
the three horseshoes above it. IJ struck
him as being more Latin than Ameri
can. That foreignness which has al
ways clung to California was curious
ly pronounced in this gathering of va
ried classes. He saw many faces with
the ebon hair and olive skins of the
Spanish Californians, lovely womsn,
languid and fawn-eyed, badly dressed
—for they were almost all poor now,
who once were lords of the soli.
The great Southern element which. In
Its day, set the tone of the city and
contributed much to Its traditions of
birth and breeding, was already falling
into the background. Many of Its
women had only their beauty left, and
this they had adorned, as Mariposa had
hers, with such remnants of the days
when Plancus was consul, as remained
—bits of Jewelry, old and unmodlsh * :
cumbrously handsome, edgings of i . 9.
a pale-colored feather In an old hat, a
crape shawl worn with an air, a strlr
of beads carried bravely, though beai
*. a re no longer In the mode.
Essex raised his glass from the r»~
rusal of the sea of faces, to the bo
whlch the Shackleton party had Jt3t
entered. There was no question ab'ut
the Americanism of this group, th»
young man thought, aa he stared at
Jake Shackleton.
The two ladles in the front of the hox
were Mrs. and Miss Shackleton. The
former was floridly handsome, almost
aristocratic, the gazer thought, looking
at her firmly modeled, composed far a
under its roll of gray hair. The daugh
ter was very like her father, but ugly.
Even in the costly French costume Bhe
wore, with the gleam of diamonds in
her hair, about her neck. In the lace
on her bosom, , she was ugly. Essex,
with the thought of marrying money In
the background of his mind, scruti
nized her. To rectify his fortune in
such a way became more repugnant
than ever. If Mariposa had only been
Jake Shackle ton's daughter instead!
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALT.
Continued Next Sunday.
4Living Barometers
New Fire-Escape Chutes
Icebouod Holocaust
r — ?__-5~~g AVEyou any idea,
£j||»t~S^! nre-nghtins in the
fj % means in the East?
[_iitiiiii~^rF^S^i Imagine that you
are out on an errand
of. mercy on the coldest of winter
nights— for it is then the Fire Fiend
the second, third, fourth and fifth
alarms. There are engines In front of
the factory, engines behind It to pro
tect the tenement houses, engines on
either side of it. There are firemen,
engineers, chiefs, dignitaries of all de
grees. By actual count you find there
ere twenty-five engine companies, one
water tower, six trucks, five battalion
chiefs, one deputy chief, one acting
chief of department and fire patrol.
Plants With
out Soil
Little Willier^Say, - pa, what*, does
this paper mean by saying the patient
is convalescing? ... . ;
Par— Oh,- it means that he has man
aged to outwit the doctor, my son.
loves to revel in his murderous mirth!
The* bright face of the clock 'way up
In. yon, tall tower tells you that it is
ten minutes ; after 4 a. m.' Your ears
and fingers fairly, tingle "with the cold.
With Its warning clang and its toot
of whistle a fire engine passes you. You
turn vour head to watchMt as It clat
ters along. Out; of every window of a
great factory, far down town, burst
bright' flames.".
All ; thought of fatigue and your
jwarm bed leaves you. You will go to
the ' fire. In rapid succession follow
Hour after hour the tall tower and
the engines throw water into the
flames. The water leaves the fire
sizzling hot; 'but before it reaches the
ground it freezes into great sparkling
pillars of ice. The firemen are literally
lncrusted with the glittering sheets. If
it were not for the danger of It, if It
were not fox. the many human lives in
peril, it would Impress you as the most
awe-inspiring "scene of beauty your
eyes had ever ' beheld. The gloves of
the 'firemen freeze fast to the water
pipes they are holding; bat hoar after
hour they, work on.
The greatest of all Professor
Nobbe's work Is his remarkable dis
covery of a method for inoculating the
soil w<tji bacteria. to make It yield
richly; 'Xhere It lay barren before. In
times past Investigators of soil culture
devoted most of their time and atten
tion to studying the composition of
various kinds of soil, to the improve
ment of fertilizers and in suggesting
new systems, of drainage and water
supply. Professor Nobbe haa gone a
step further in advance, declaring that
plants will grow, under certain con
ditions. Just as well -without soil as
with soil. At first glance this may
seem strange enough, yet there are
trees from eight to ten, Inches in cir
cumference at the base of the trunk
growing in clean water, without a sign
of soil of any description. They
stand in rows Just back of the Forest
Academy and just back of Professor
Nobbe's greenhouse. Each tree is sus
pended in a large glass jar surrounded
by a green ¦ painted case. When this
case is opened one may look 'through
the glass and see the roots of the tree
hanging there .in clean " water. - The
oldest " of the trees .was or
Out ni each war come verbal riches,
* t'.u-ver the !obs of property or life.
A |.ar fc* 1 ? t^nuirii value in increasing
¦#e >;ur"i«ncy of r/ords outside of their
j-lnai Kettinp, s^d if we can acquire a
\fil «.1 the to/ier '-Tongollc expressions,
the war.w»!l ou\o been worth its cost
in «vovds.V**e could not spare "ma
natia," acquired from the Spanish -
American conflict, or "reconcentrados."
tince we have no word of Saxon de
scent which quite expresses these
ideas. And certainly, the currency
given to "hlko" was worth all we have
And from the Boer War surely "kopje"
was, to us an Americanism, worth the
terest our next acquisitions. Probably
ve will soon be makfng all our Eastern
measurements in "vcrsts," and if It be
necessary to overlay Eastern diplo
macy with a veneer- of silence . we .
might "lacquer" '^ft-^Se.oy event our
verbal horizon' is ; certain " to be pushed '
"ut, and we will have new portman
teau words in which. to carry about
our new wisdom
The ring Is an ordinary gold one
fitted with a ball at the back.' It Is
filled by pressing the ball nearly flat
and dipping the ring , Into a cup of
scent, when the elasticity of the ball
draws the perfume Into the Interior
till auite full.,. By the least pressure
the wearer of the ring can cause a
Jet of scent to shed its refreshing
aroma any moment he pleases, and he
may thus act as. a benefactor or a
nuisance to, those in his vicinity.
The perfume lamp may also be used
as another pleasant method of disin
fecting a room. A ball', of spongy
platinum is placed over the center. of
the wick, afld is fixed In its* position
by a thin glass rod, which Is inserted
Into the wick. The lamp Is then filled
with any scented spirit, and when
lighted Is * allowed to burn until the
platinum gets ) red hot. The flame is
then blown out, and a pleasant odor
fills the atmosphere..
The use of perfume as a disinfectant
is well known, and the "scented dandy"
has perhaps more hygienic wisdom
than his detractors give him credit for.
It Is he who Is trying to revive the
use of the perfumed fountain ring, an
article de luxe which mav either be
used as an ornament or as a means of
a pleasant disinfectant in stuffy un
derground trains or in insalubrious dis
tricts. *V
Mr. Rankin owns about 22,000 acres
of land; besides this he leases consid
erable land "adjoining him. It takes
about 700; teams and 220 men to do his
work during, the ; busy months of sum
mer while the; crops are being put in,
cultivated^ and harvested, i Bach : ranch
has a foreman who has full charge of
the* 'wVrk ¦ on the ' one' ranch v f under ¦ his
supervision;. 1 . he is" required make
out Va . monthly, report, fllllnsv out /.'.. a
printed Wank, giving in detail " the
HE State of Missouri
MBbdHBHI| has the distinction of
rWirnr «t,vjiJ*. J >gi haying within . her
Mpi borders as a citizen
™^K^ S!%r*s? tne most extensive
SlvS individual farmer in
Pf$ji"§lr8 the* world. He is
¦^^S^jmati David Rankin of
Tarkio, Mo., the owner, of fourteen
ranches, including more .than 22,000
acres of as fine black soil as the sun
ever shone on.
Mr. Rankin is the largest stock feed
er in the world. He buys more corn
than any other farmer In the United
States, and most of It is fed to stock
on his farms. Besides the extensive
farming operations, Mr. Rankin is in
terested in many ojher enterprises. In
appearance he is a typical farmer. He
is 6 feet 2 Inches tall and weighs 180
pounds. Each day he rides over his
farms and gives orders to his fore
men. He frequently stops on the, way
to assist in* pulling a steer out of . a
mud hole or to build a shed to protect
a fat porker from the rays of the hot
sun. • He is as familiar with the men
employed on his farms as a housewife
Is with her domestic duties. :'\
i To the i person who has never, visited
the Rankin farms the problem of car
rying on the work seems to^ be a great
task, but the system As so thorough
and complete that the management Is
easy. ; ¦ ..;.. , . , . . . . .¦¦ , .... ¦ • ..*•...
amount expended and taken In during
the month. This report is submitted
to Mr. Rankin on the 5th of each
month.
The examination of the final state
ments of . the year 1902 showed that a
total of 7539 head- of cattle had been
sold. They brought the Sum of $172,520.
The number of hogs • sold 'was 8249, for
which the sum of $111,846 V H was re
ceived.^
The total clearance of his operations
during 1900 was more than $100,000. This
was his most prosperous year. During
the month of July the teams and men
cultivate an average of a thousand
acres of corn a day. They use the
double row riding cultivator. This plow
Is a ; disk concern, so arranged as to
plow the ground ' on both sides of a
row of corn. One man can plow ' from
twenty to twenty-five acres a day with
one of them. They are 'easy on both
man and beast. .
Mr. Rankin gave as a donation $50,000
to the United Presbyterian College at
Tarklo. This is one of the leading col
leges of the State. He Is a believer In
higher education of the masses and
that churches and schools are , the' twa
potent factors which have brought th«
American people up to the high stand
ard which they have attained. .
The following tabulated statement of
his operations during the last = year
shows some astonishing figures: Num
ber of acres, farmed, 22,190; 'expense per
acre, $4/77; amount corn; bought" in
bushels, 388,749; amount paid for corn,
$105,546 09. ' ."
If costs $3000 a year to keep the
ranches in chain harness. ¦¦¦¦-. The home
barn of Mr. Rankin is four stories high
and of octagonal shape. JThe Rankin
homel is Ian f attractive * place ; ¦ and \ is
handsomely furnished' throughout. To
a .question ' of ; how he made •; his . start
he i said : . "When I was . married . I was *
¦ so'pbor my wife and I- could 1 not even
buy a bread board
Rankin's Wonderful Farm
How the Water Freezes Even While the Building Burns.
War-Made
Words
—a——^np HE following key to
'TTyJ^aji ¦ lhe pronunciation
a JS N&J ! of Japanese, Chinese
j^C an( * Korean peo
!y£\v Kdmf graphical names
was prepared by
. jJ»L5 Hajime Ota, the
Japanese World's
Fair Commissioner. Japanese geo
graphical names are pronounced by
Japanese -with little accent, as a rule.
The vowel* are spoken broadly — "a" as
"ah.." "e" as long "e." "i" as short "e,"
"o" generally as "o," but sometimes as
"aw," and "u" ai "oo."
Here are some of the Japanese names
most frequently met with In the war
news:
Tokyo— Toa-kyoh.
Nagasaki— Nah-gah-sah-kee.
Hakodate— Hah-ko-dah-teh.
Kagoshima — Kah - go - she - man, a
flight accent on last syllable.
Bhlmonosekl— She-mon-o-say-kee.
Fukuoko — Kwoo-o-kah.
S&sabo — SaM-say-bo.
Hiroshima— He - ro - she - mah. (The
affix, "Ehlma," f*~equently found In Jap
anese names, signifies "Island." Thus,
"He-ro-lsland."
Tokushima— To-koo-she-mah, "to" as
•tow" in "towboat."
Takaoka— Tah-kah-oh-ka.
Nanao — Nah-nah-oh.
Tsuruga— T6oo-roo-gah.
Nilgata — Nzhe - zhe - gah - tah, the
flouble "1" taking sound of "zhe
rhe." The T,^ l* a 3 a slight accent on
the third syV. i_Je.
Fukuyaina '— 'Fkyah-mah; slight ac
cent on the first syllable.
? " < . ??h-V_aVtah.
Ishikari— Eesh-e-kah-rey (a bay).
Osaka— Oh-sah-kah.
Shikoku— She-ko-koo.
Klushu— Kyu-shoo, .the first "u"
given its full sound.
In many respects Korean and Chi
nese names are pronounced after the
same rules as Japanese, although
many have a decided accent on the
final syllable. Among them are:
Yalu— Yah-loo, river dividing Korea
and Manchuria.
Chemulpo — Chee-mweel-po, accented
on the second syllable.
Masampo— Mah-sahm-po, accent on
second syllable.
Mokpo^-Mok-po, accent on first syl
lable, the "k" being sounded much like
the "ch" in the German "ach."
Chefu— Chee-foo, accent on last syl
lable, as in the following instances:
Wiju— Wee-zhoo.
Yongampo— Yong-ahm-po, the "ng"
being sounded as it Is in French.
Halji— Whah-eh-zhee, the first two
syllables being practically only one.
Seoul— Sool.
Fasan — Foo-sahn.
Wonson— Wohn-sohn.
Sonchln— Sohn-cheen.
Chlnnampo— Cheen-nahm-po. # •
Yang- Yang— Yahng-yahng.
Koselng— Ko-seng.
Samchok — Sahm-chalk.
Chungju — Chwang-zhu, "Ju" signify
ing "ville," as "Chung-viHe."
Tientsin— Taln-shen.
Tallenwan — Tah-leen-wahn.
Chinwangtao — Sheen-wahn-tau.
Weihaiwei — Wee-high-way.
Kiaochau— Kwaw-chaw.
Pechili— Pee-chee-lee.
Use Per
fumed Icings
rather the seed of the tree was plant
ed, in 1878, and it has grown to full
size without ever touching soil. Leaves
and blossoms have come in the spring
and in the winter the water and the
roots have frozen solid all these years,
and the tree still thrives. Indeed,
some of its seeds were immersed -in
water and trees' 6f the 'second genera
tion have been grown to considerable
size. Then their seeds were immersed
and there are now growing small trees
three generations"* removed from the
soil — certainly a clear proof of Pro
fessor Nobbe's assertion that actual
contact with soil is not essential for
plant growth. In order to produce
such results, however, it was neces
sary to keep the trees supplied with
artificial food. This Professor Nobbe
prepared in his laboratory- — a certain
definite amount of chlorate of potash,
sulphate of magnesium, phosphate oj!
iron, phosphate of potassium and a
nitrate. A small quantity of this mix
ture was dissolved in the water of the
jars every few weeks, and thus the
trees have been kept flourishing all
these years, showing that there was
no element in the soil necessary to
plant growth that man could not
manufacture at will. — R. S. Baker in
Harper's Magazine.
Handy Japanese Glossary
Submarine bicycling will never, it is
safe to say, become a popular form of
recreation, but the wheel has neverthe
less been used below water with, suc
cess. An experiment of this kind was
made off the coast of England, near
Plymouth. The cyclist was a direr
fully equipped, while he employed a
tricycle, with heavy flat tired wheels.
On a smooth surface It was found that
the wheel could be propelled easily. If
somewhat slowly, and with much less
effort than is required to carry a heavy
suit of armor the same distance.
Submarine
Cycling
fgHsaBoaeasg * IE first and one oC
HKn-™n,» . important
I things^ a ; person
jj should ' consider in
I ..selecting' • an apart-
I ment for himself
a;ffl»nyiyi B iinna and family, or in
renting a business
establishment, in entering a theater or
any other place of amusement where
fir- might start and a possible panic
follow, is the means of escape.
The spiral lire escape is one of the
most useful and possibly the best, of
modern life-saving devices. Had it not
been that the management oT the West
Baden Springs ¦ Hotel provided , this
means of escape many lives would have
been" sacrificed in a recent lire which
started at 1 o'clock in the morning,
when at least one hundred persons
were saved by means of the spiral. The
entire hotel was destroyed; only the
chimneys and the spiral fire escape
were left standing^
The spiral is especially suitable f6r
hospitals,, where the unfortunate in
mates are helpless'to* assist themselves
and. when in any emergency they are
entirely dependent upon the nurses. By
using this modern escape they can
throw themselves into the spiral slide,
which is inclosed in a sheet steel cylin
der six feet in diameter, with a' heavy
angle iron ring at the bottom, . which
rests on. a brick foundation six feet
eight inches in diameter and two feet
deep. The slide is made of soft" box
annealed steel, securely and smoothly
riveted to the cylinders, andsupported
in the center iby an ifpn standpipe
three inches inside diameter. This
The escape is connected with the
building by iron ' runways, which are
protected with' heavy Iron railings. All
doors are made in pairs of sheet steel,
well braced v with half oval iron. The
entrance doors have projecting frames,
so that they can open inward end not
Interfere with the sUde. These" doors
close automatically, to prevent the en
trance of smoke and heat. The exits
open outward. A very slight pressure
of. any object sliding against it opens
an automatic latch on these doors.
The slide comes within eighteen
Inches of the ground. Kscaping persons
get .up as if rising from a chair on
reaching the exit. v
One was recently erected at the City
Hospital, Blackwells Island. Fully
500,000 trips have been made through it,
and no one has been in the least in
jured.' On entering the doorway of the
escape the person sits down, folds hi3
arms, and before he is hardly aware of
it slides down to the ground. It Is im
possible.'to block or stampede this es
cape. The descent is so uniform that
hundreds of school boys in other parts
of the country have glided down head
foremost without the slightest scratch.
A certain principal in one of the pub
lic schools where it has been erected,
in order to secure regular and prompt
attendance of her pupils, permitted
all those who put In their appearance
In good each, day to slide down
the fire escape as a reward. Never be
fore had there been such activity
among the scholars, and it proved to
be a simple but effectual remedy for
tardiness.
standpipe extends the entire lengttTof
the escape and has brass hose connec
tions at the* bottom and top.
>=?¦ ¦ ¦ yi— A NT one who has been
r$Y»)2^rf5v^B brought much into
Alr/Awj; y.g contact with ani
<^*Z^S^^n1 rnals knows how
sensitive ther are to
Y^aaKfiytffli^y || approaching changes
in the weather. Na
ture seems to have
provided them with a prophetic instinct
in this respect, partly, no doubt, be
cause to so many of them the weather
is of such great, importance.
The nests of "many birds would be
utterly ruined if its tenants were away
during a storm, and so, warned by in
stinct, they never fail to return h»>me
in time.
"When a storm is approaching the
robins will sft whistling on the top
branches of trees; if swallows touch
the water as they fly it is a sure sign
of rain, and so it is if the sparrows
chirp a great deal.
"When seagulls fly out to sea early
in the morning the day will be fine
and the wind moderate, but when the
gulls hang over the land and fly in
shore the fisher folk know that they
must expect severe winds and probably
stormy weather.
Fish, too, are verv weatherwlse. Cod
will actually take in ballast before a
storm. Some while ago a number of
cod were caught off the shores of New
foundland twelve hours before a severe
gale, and it was found that all of them
had swallowed a number of s'ones,
some of which weighed three or four
ounces.
Sea urchins always try to wriggle
under the mud, or at least to cover
themselves with sand, before a storm;
while dolphins never sport or toss
about in a rough sea until a change
for the Joetter is at hand. All sailors
know that a tempest is impending
when the numbers of the stormy petrel
flock in the wake of the vessel.
In Scotland the country people be
lieve that it will be a fine day if the
raven cries before the rook in the
morning, but cuite the reverse if the
rook makes himself first heard.
If a cab horse\is lively without ap-
parent cause, it is a sure sign of cold
•weather in the near future; but if it
stretches out its neck and sniffs the
air, the observer should turn back and
fetch his umbrella, for he will certain
ly need It before the evening.
If a cat sneezes it will rain — unless,
of course, your youngest olive branch
has emptied the contents of the- pepper
pot beneath her nose. If, she sits with
her back to the fire it will snow; if
she washes her face during a frost
it will soon thaw, and if she scratches
the wall or the legs of the table vigor
'ously, the wind will be very high.
When a cat washes her Jaws with
her feet, especially if she put her paws
over her ears, it will rain; and when
the rain Is over, the cardinal point to
which she turns while washing her
face shows the direction from which
the wind may be expected; while if
pussy's coat looks particularly bright
and glossy, the following day, at any
rate, will be fine.
Dogs always know when it is going
to ?ain; and, as to be forewarned is
to-be forearmed — with an umbrella — It
is well to remember that rain will in
all probability ensue when you see your
dog making holes in the ground, eat
ing grass, refusing meat or howling
when anybody goes out, and also if he
seems very stupid and drowsy.
Hark! I hear the asses bray.
We shall have some rain to-day.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALI1
5
THE
SCRAP
BOOK PAGEShe .was silent a moment, gazing | at
him steadily. . He could not bear the
radiance. of her eyes, and "half turned
away. There was tremulous reproach •
In her low voice when she spoke:
"Ah, Mr. - Stewart, what are friends
for if they will not share our troubles?
Do you not think enough of. me— of
us.", she it. quickly, and Stew
art's heart, which had bounded at her
words, sank again, "to let us into your
confidence?... You are* going ! to New
Mexico . to fight consumption. Dr.
Church told papa and me this after- .
noon. And you -would - have -kept- si
lent!";;; £. .; . . ..-• ¦ ,.\- , ¦.. - , ••_.':"•
"Yes," he replied, raising his head,
"I would have kept silent. Every one
has, his troubles. It would hardly be
right to Intrude mine. And then there
is no one who really- cares— — " ¦'.
"No 1 one who cares?" r - : ' V" *
VI ; have no near : relatives," he said
simply. "There are possibly, a score of
people, in Waterville who would say, if
they heard it, 'I hope Stewart gets bet
ter.' ' Then they'll forget all about me.
That isn't caring like one's own flesh .
and blood."
"No one at all to care?" There was'
a suspicion of tears in Miss Madison's
voice. '.¦'¦': :.¦•„-. .
The situation was becoming too much
for Stewart's resolve. He arose.. .VI—
I must say good-by. It's late—there
are things to pack- — -"
She stood before him with swimming
eyes, though her , lips * smiled • a ; little.
"So you're going alone to New Mexico
and nobody cares."
' '..VI— I— good-by, Miss Madison,", he
' said, brokenly, "maybe that isn't It-^-"
The- girl flung . herself Into : his ; arms
and hid her face on his breast. "John,;
' dear John," she sobbed, ; ;'don't you see?
my heart' is breaking for you, "arid you
won't ask me; you proud old thing! I'm
going with you!"!;
"I'll go to see her Sunday night." She
might pity me — ah, God, I couldn't bear
her pity-when it's love I want!"-— He
shrugged his shoulders. "Brace up,
John; you're degenerating into maudlin
sentimentality! I'll tell her It's a busi
ness chance I'm taking. She'll never
know about -the lungs— until she's en
gaged or married." •^•."?
Stewart leaned back, with a sigh ot
finality, for his plan of action, to which
he must hold with all his strength, was
thus outlined. • ...
Then he gave himself to the Joy of
conjuring her, up before his mental'
vision.- He saw the mischievous sparkle 1
of the gray'eyes, the daintily rounded 1
chin, and' the red, .re.d lips. He felt,
again the' touch of her soft, little hand. '.
From all , of * which it; may readily be
seen that Captain . Stewart was very'
much in ' love, Indeed. ' . ,
It, was Sunday noon when the train"
reached Waterville. was Just:
out, and .there was a score of carriages:
at , the depot. . EJach vehicle .was soon
surrounded by the returned soldiers,
for Company K was composed of youth
with social standing. Captain Stewart
singled out j the Madison carriage. Mar- j
Jorie was seated within. It was cold,
and there' were furs at her, throat.; but!
there were roses on her breast. Stew-'
•art, with a pang, saw that Callahan
. was beside her. "His roses!" he sighed.
"Welcome, homw, soldier!", said. Miss'
Madison, with a smiling little military
salute. "I read of the terrible battles
of the Blues and the Browns. Did you
get , wounded ?" Then she noted his
tired eyes and the droop which he
could not keep out of nis shoulders.;
The smile died away. "Have you been
sick?" .
"Oh, I'm all. right," replied Captain
Stewart, cheerfully, as he clasped the
proffered hand. "Neither "sick nor
wounded, and glad to be home. How
"Delighted to have you, Captain
Stewart. And' let me give you some
advice— go right home and lie down
for an -hour ' or two; you look tired."
"If - she's- that- way- ,£o-night."
thought Stewart, . dolefully, as "he
marched -to ,the /armory at the head of
his .company, "I'm: afraid I'll say
something foolish about love in a
cottage." Then he set his jaws. "A
poverty-stricken ; lawyer : with only one
lung has no business -thinking of such
thing. > Keep a grip on yourself .to
night, Jack." ¦•.¦: . -j ¦:•:.]: .iif
\ ¦ Marjorie , herself . met v him at the'
door that evening.. Strengthened by
an .afternoon nap, the , captain! kept,
manfully. to his resolve that no word
of love: should pass his lips. He even
essayed: a jest* or two," but Miss Madi
son would not Joke. .She talked but
little and ' smiled •• softly. Anon • si
lence fell 'between -them, tender, sig
nificant silences, which Stewart tried
his best to bridge. • A new feeling
had somehow, ¦ despite his attitude,
arisen . between \them. an intimate,,
personal relation which he could- not
ignore. - ., t
'¦•" "I'm going . away," he said at last,
"down to • New , Leave ; ; to
morrow noon on ; the Chicago express."
"To ' New Mexico?" She did ''not
seem surprised. "On business?" :
""Yes; it's -business.". He had -not
known It was such. embarrassing work
to He. "I have^ a cousin, you know-
Hugh I Gordon. . He's in the mines ¦ at
Oscura." • .
do. Mr. Callahan?" - • , f/ ;^.^
Callahan' the greet
ing-briefly.. ?He. had. noticed the. solici
tude for his rlvalih Miss Madison's
eyes, and was not" pleased.
. ' "The. company- is. forming, "and r I
must get. back. , May I come up this
evening and tell you about -the- cruel
war.?". . .
was a sponge, while the other held a
polishing cloth.
"Begun at the bottom of the ladder,
you see," he called down cheerfully.
"Doc says If I'm faithful to the win
dows and the brass knobs I may rise
to be gardener. You'll kindly observe
my occupation is useful."
She made no reply, but walked
down the avenue, the angry color
mounting her cheeks. That evening
she received a note.
"Dear Ethek I've thrown up my
job. You didn't seem to favor it. I
shall try another useful one. Yours,
"F. B."
The nature of the new Job disclosed
Itself two mornings later. Ethel was
in the kitchen giving some Instructions
to the cook, when who should appear
at the back door but Brigham, whlta
f rocked, a delivery basket on his arm.
and whistling irrepressibly.
"Good morning," he said. "This Is*
perhaps, somewhat more useful than
window-cleaning. People must eat,
you know."
"Doubtless," said Ethel coldly.
"Not so bad. either," he went QQ
recklessly. "Meet ldts of nice gtrt*.
The Bentons' cook — she's qtxlta a>
stunner— flirted with me desperataly,
this morning."
"Frederick!" she said, and hurriad
from the kitchen.
. Another note appeared t£at «v»nhir,
"I, have resigned from butcherdonv*
it read, "but shall persevere elsewhere.**
Some days later she encountered him
again. She had been out to the Coun
try Club with young Martin that after
noon, and it was dusk when they
alighted from the suburban train. ?*
they hurried along the platform a
familiar voice said: "Kerridge, mum?"
It was Frederick, decked in the lrr
ery of old Sam, the Brighams* coach
man.
"Made four seventy-five to-day," h*
chuckled gleefully.
Her face grew tense.
".When is this ridiculous burlesque
to end?" she inquired in a strained
voice, and without waiting for his re
ply she hurried after Martin.
The climax came one late February
afternoon. Ethel had left the cross
town car at the corner and was hurry
ing up the avent^. When she reached
St. Botolph's, she saw quite a crowd
standing on the sidewalk staring up
ward. She, too, looked up. A light
ning-rod ran up the brownstone spire,
and on the lightning-rod, slowly, pain
fully working his way upward, was a
man. She turned away with a little
shiver of horror, but as she did so, a
well-dressed man beside her cried ex
citedly:
"By George! It's.BrIgham — Freddy
Brigham."
She stopped, sick with dread, yet
she could not keep her eyes from that
black dot on the spire. She saw him
creep up to the very apex; saw him
climb the rod that supported the
weather vane. There he drew from
somewhere a hammer, cleared %he
snow from the vane, and with sevevil
blows of the hammer set it free ™p
swing to the wind. Then he came
down the rod to the bell deck and dis
appeared through a trapdoor, while
the crowd cheered.
Ethel, giddy with the strain of the
last few minutes, entered the church.
In the vestibule she saw Brigham and
the sexton, who was handing him
some bills.
"Hello!" called the former, catching
sight of hex. "It was really useful.
Vane snowen up, you know, and peo
ple in the vicinity couldn't tell which
way the wind was blowing. Did you
want to see the sexton?" he added
pointedly, whereat that functionary
discreetly took his leave.
"Frederick .Brigham!" she began
bravely, but suddenly the tears came
and she began to sob. He watched
her covertly for n moment and finally
decided to risk an arm about her.
"Perhaps I'm useful, after all/* he
suggested.
"You are! Oh, you are!" she said
"To'yon?" he hinted -
"Of course," she said, cMnthrs? *t%
UlXXi*
Copyright, 1904. y M. Wood.
r y ii REDERICK BRIG
l%i»«ani^\*}Jp HAM leaned for-
ff ward in his chalr '
his brows drawn in
-^HCcisSi'li^l a f rown °' per
f CiHN^*^^<Bi Pl exc d anxiety.
143®5^5j^£l "Surely, Ethel."
t _miiTriffiEK5g^T£g he said in his delib
erate drawl, "my ears have deceived
me." ;•¦
The girl's eyes met his own square
ly. Her face expressed very plainly
her disapproval.
"I think you have no cause to com
plain of defective hearing," she said
stiffly.
"You don't mean what you have Just
said?" he asserted.
"I .most certainly do mean it," she
averred. *
"I never doubted for a moment you
would marrv me," said he. "I always
supposed—"
"Suppositions are not sureties." she
informed him.
"Ethel," he said coaxlngly, "this has
gone far enough as a Joke. It's get
ting to the point where it hurts."
"I'm sorry it hurts, but it isn't a
joke, Frederick," she said.
i He stared at her in amazement and
rumpled his hair thoughtfully, with one
hand. . , ' ?
- "I'm a pretty steady-going sort," he
said, half i to himself. "Don't drink to
excess; .allow myself but three cigars
a day; and never play over a ten-cent
limit. , It can't be money, either — '*
"No, it's not money,", she said.
"Must be I'm stupid, then." #
"If you were stupid," she said, "I
think, . perhaps, . I might forgive you^
"I confess I'm in the dark," he said.
"Kindly show me the vulnerable point
in my armor of virtue."
"You have everything , in the world
to live for," she said severely. "You
start life with a big handicap in your
favor; but all your qualities are nega
tive. You don't do anything."
"Pretty clever with a boat," he re
minded, her. "Play a fair came of
polo—"
"Anything useful?" I she hastened to
amend. -
"I see." he said, and. for several mo
ments gazed abstractedly . at the-cell
ing. "I'd like to take exceptions to
: your last statement," he said at length. '
"It seems to me I am doing the most
useful thing in the world for a man in
my position. I have plenty of money,
' and instead of crowding out some poor
duffer who really needs that commod
ity, I keep out . of ; it and give him a
show."
Her eyes flashed. "What a lame
excuse," she said.
. "May be a trifle spavined," he
agreed cheerfully.
"I was going to say it was coward
ly,", she said.
"Oh, well, if it's that, I'll Join the
'doers' at once," he drawled. "Let's
see, law is what I < was trained for, but
.1 fear my legal ability. has a fine coat
. of rust by this. time."
"There are other fields." she re
; minded him.
He rose and stood before her, look
ing down at her flushed face.
"If -I do something useful — some
thing really useful, do I win?" he said
tensely.
"Yes," she said, studying the toe of
her shoe. . . . . .
"Very well, then," he affirmed.
., "You'd better decide whether It's Italy
or Southern California. Good-by."
A moment later the- outer door
" banged and the usefulness of Freder
':*. ick had begun.
He did ; not come . to see her the fol
lowing, day nor the next In fact a
• week passed . before ¦ she saw . him
again, and then . it was quite . by acci
dent She. was walking down the ave
nue one morning, and when she had
reached Dr. Lawrence's house a well
' known voice called. "Hello. < Ethel!"
¦ She turned,. but he was not. behind
her; : then she looked t up and beheld
, him standing: on the ledge outside ¦ a
second-story window. He was clad In
faded blue overalls, and in one. hand
. ' There had been questions, a thump-
Ing of back and. chest with the sur
geon's little hammer, and divers appli
cations of the stethoscope. Then the
activity was relaxed, and the bluff old
doctor, who. had known and liked
Stewart for years,- delivered himself:
"You're a sick man, captain; sicker
than you know. Lobe of the right
lung's affected. It. isn't consumption,
yet, but it will be if you don't get out
of that infernal Michigan climate.
Stay up there three months, and you're
sure of a nice military funeral. Go to
New Mexico or Arizona for a year, and
you'll die some time, but it'll be of old
are* or anything else but consumption."
The pallor on Captain Stewart's cheek
deepened a trifle. "I have a cousin down
in the Oscura Mountains, New Mexico,
keeping: books for a. mining company.' ' I
could go there," be said, quietly. Be
Most men in the shoes of Captain
John Stewart, commanding Company
K. -Fifth Infantry. Michigan National
Guard, would have smiled not at alL
Sighs, deep and dolorous, would have
been their offering. But when a man
fights his way up from a foundling's
crib, through successive stages of news
boy, farm laborer, and college student
to a place at the bar of his country,
misfortunes mildly amuse.
Back of the smile Captain Stewart
admitted, however, that matters were
¦serious enough. Plowing through
bottomless roads and bivouacking In
rain-soaked fields did not seem to be
as good fun as they 6hould. The cap
'tain's legs tired easily, and a cough
which had been with him. he. vaguely
recalled, for months, grew suddenly
woj%e. . Keen - eyed Captain Church,
regimental surgeon, noticed his pallor.
Stewart was unceremoniously
dragged into the hospital tent, the last
day of camp, for examination.
There was one who 6at apart, an
overcoat wrapped about his tall figure,
although the sunlight was warm over
head. / Unseeingly he gazed out the
window, a smile on his lips. It was a
grave, sweet smile, not without a cer
tain tolerant cynicism in it, as one
smiles who can enjoy a Joke on him-
Belf.
(Copyright, 1904, by T. C. McClure.)
onm M HE first omt en "
\f ¦ ' > f"»i* (.ampnient of regu
' Iu3 fi&J lars and organized
3tf*i Sj2{7 State militia was
IgLfcj %ti)i over- The National
' (££• Eiw Guardsmen were fast
|vO»3"2^*\\ deF<?rti n jr Camp
rm -t—^^^^ Young. Howard, Ken
tucky, for home and mother's pies. All
morning troop trains had pulled up to
the platforms, received their burdens
of humanity and skirting the placid
Ohio, pulied away through the green
and gold of the Muldraugh Hills-
Bound for Louisville and the north.
The First Battalion, Fifth Michigan -
Infantry, consisting of four companies
of stalwart khaki clad fellows from the
interior towns of the State, swarmed
on to their train right willingly. Now,
e.s the wheels slowly revolved, the men
in the tourist sleepers waved cheerful
good-bys to the soldiers still lining the
tracks. They sang, too — smile-compel
ling doggerel on the depth and sticki
ness of Kentucky mud, or on the pro,
fane uncertainty of their re-enlistment
as guardsmen.
Back in the Pullman the dozen offi
cers of the battalion were little quieter
in demonstrating their satisfaction.
SV.ord belts were unbuckled and flung
aside, service blouses and campaign
hats stacked in vacant sections. Sand
wiches were shared indiscriminately
£.niong the members of the happy
group.
Now, to be in love, even when too
much money on one side and too much
pride on the other offer no obstacles,
is a sufficiently uncertain and heart
trying b'usiness. Something within him
dragged the unwilling Stewart to the
Madison home about once in three,
weeks. Being unable to forget the bar
rier between them, Stewart devoured'
the girl with his eyes, and came away
affer his glimpse of paradise, cursing'
himself for a fool. He was a different'
sort of caller than most, Marjorie dis- :
covered, and as an antidote to the' hun- 
ger of Stewart's glances she talked ar-'
rant nonsense to him. "If she; were'
only poor," Stewart groaned in secret
daily. After each visit he decided . to ¦
avoid Marjorie and strangle the temp- 1
tation, ever growing stronger, to speak,
the words of love which. rushed to his
lips. j :
Callahan appeared on the scene. three
weeks , before the Kentucky ; encamp
ment. Callahan had curly blonde hair,*
almost as much money as Marjorie's '
father and limitless audacity. He was
the Junior member of a Northern Mich-
igan lumber firm and came to Water-
ville as manager of a branch office.
He straightway paid court to Miss
Madison in a fashion that bid fair to
distance all rivals. He was constantly
at her side. Stewart still made his
periodical visits, and between him and ;
the blonde Callahan grew "up a deep
antipathy. Marjorie watched both and
smiled. Which she favored no one
could discover.! Stewart went to Ken
tucky with his- pride, rejoicing that it
was not to be humbled — nay, smothered
— beneath the Madison millions, but his
heart was heavy as lead. . Callahan was
certainly making progress.
"Alone to New Mexico," the car
wheels clicked unceasingly in Stewart's
cars as the troop-train plunged north
ward. "It's all off with me now,, if , I
ever had a chance." he mused bitterly.
"I guess 'out of sighC out of mind,'
applies to-day as. much as ever it did.
She'll ' marry Callahan inside of six
months. But it's just as well : : no one
will say. that John Stewart is a fortune
hunter"; which . was strictly " true,
though of little- " assistance In stilling
the outcry, of an aching heart.
mighty pride, liad fallen hopelessly in
love with Marjorie Madison, heiress of
millions and courted assiduously by
crafty fortune hunters, young and old.
Stewart loved her not for her money,
but in spite of it. Marjorie became sin
gularly interested in the clear-eyed
young lawyer with his wealth of' quiet
humor.
"The very thing!" replied the other,
enthusiastically. "We'll be back to
Waterville Sunday; set away for the
south Monday — not a minute later, for
every day counts now. Keep out of
doors down there. Get a job herding
cattle or driving stage. Work hard, live
in a tent and sleep on the ground.
Why. it'll be only a vacation for"' you!"
So Captain Stewart went back to
quarters, his decree of banishment
hanging over him. He had no fear, for
he felt the doctor spoke truly; a year
beneath the balmy southern skies
would cure him. The affair of the lungs
did not bother; but the affair of the
heart! That was another story.
There was a girl— "there always is"—
Stewart told himself grimly, as the
train bore him northward next day,
and he smiled cynically at his own posi
tion. "From every standpoint it's the
best thing possible for me that I'm go
ing. I suppose it's human nature to be
contrary, though, and no exile ever felt
worse over leaving home than I do."
Delightful are the vagaries of love,
the leveler. Stewart, who had a
had felt the doctor's verdict before 1t
was uttered.
By Sidney H. Cole
By M. J. Phillips
FREDERICK'S
LABORS
PRESCRIPTION
FOR LOVE
"Tut, tut, young woman. It's my
way to ask questions, and it should
be your way to answer them. . Can
you split wood without hacking your
own feet off?"
"Um. You! happen to know a thing
or two. Now, young lady, you were
planting potatoes how many eyes
would you put in a hill?"
PM
"Well, why don't you see him?"
"I have tried to, but I had to deal
with his agent." «. ';
"Yes — -yes. Urn — urn. So your
father Is in bed with a broken leg
and you are trying to run the farm?
I see. Can you cook and wash ?"
"Of course."
, "Know enough to milk a cow and
do churning?"
'•yes, quite 'enough."
"Who makes your clothes?" con
tinued the old man as he looked her
up and down, ~^}~"' J- :
"I do, sir, but why do you ask me
these questions? What right have
shall soon be leaving."
"Got to leave, eh?'^he chuckled. "Say,
young woman, I'll bet you a hairpin
there's a mortgage on this farm. Isn't
It so?"
"'•Yes, sir."
"And I'll bet another that it's held
by old John Doan, the old flint-hearted
rascal. Come, now."
"Yes."; . *
"I thought so — I thought so. And.
of course, he's going to turn you out?"
'H,e wapts his money, of course,"
replied the girl. "Perhaps he has to
be hard-hearted to prevent people tak
1ns advantage of him. If I could see
him and tell him just how things have
gone "with us X believe he would give
us a show." 'V
"Wonderful, younff woman — positive
ly wonderful," he chuckled as he rub
bed his hands together. "Anotfler ques
tion or two and I'll be going. Of course,
you expect to get married some day?"
"I — I don't know," stammered the
blushing Bessie.
"But I do-. Of course, you expect to,
and your chance has come. What do
you say to me? I'm purty nigh 60.
but' I'm worth half a million dollars
and can buy you silk dresses and vel
vets and diamonds. Just say the word
and we'll be married in a month, and
I'll save the farm for your father and
give him a new start."
"I thank you, sir," relied Miss Bes
sie with dignity, "but I shall marry for
love or not at all."
"You are plain of speech, Miss Sauce
box, but I'm not going to quarrel with
you. You go your way and I'll go
mine, but if you let that soft soap
spoil I'll come back and raise a row."
A week later farmer Thompson, who
was making an effort to- hobble about
his room, received a letter in an offi
cial envelope. He opened it with sink
ing heart, but the next minute he wu
calling to Bes3ie.
"Here is a discharge of the mortg&g*
as a present to me!" he gasped.
"Is it possible?" '
"And here i3 a letter from old John
Doan, which says that you are the
most sensible girl he ever saw, even
to refusing his offer of marriage when
you were making soft soap that day.
Bessie — "
But Bessie had run away to cry.
"Four or five."
"And how about corn?"
* "From four to six kernels.**
"Y-e-s. And do you play tha
piano?"
"Fairly well."
(Copyright, 1804, by K. M. White
«r—^j . "^jjl HE^ Farmer James
I ¦ '^S^ls'StPTr^ Jl Thompson m o r t
"^' w 5/«? fi? a £ a s ed hls f arm to
iw'/'faVftefc o!d John Doan that
?f^i &?¦%'&)% money to go into
J^Ses=3E^fa&5 the daily business
he could figure out
that he had twenty chances of suc
cess asainst one of failure. Inside of
three years, however, misfortune had
come to him In half a dozen different
directions. Most of his herd had per
ished when his barn had been struck
by a thunderbolt, and following that
his «ife£ h.id died and he had fallen
and broken his leg. There could be
only one more calamity in store for
him. and that put in an appearance in
due time. One dayr«hen a letter had
com » for him. he called his daughter
Bessie !n and raid:
•Wei!, it has come. Old John Doan
is going to foreclose the mortgage on
me, and in a fev- weeks we shall be
homeless. Here's the notice from his
man of business."
r.essie Thompson was a girl of 20.
In addition to being good looking and
having a good education her acquaint
ances called her a "brick." They said
so because she had faced misfortune
v.ith a braver heart than her father
and had displayed a level head and
much shrewdness in trying to stem
the tido and extricate him from his
unfortunate situation. She had even
taken a trip of fifty miles to see old
John Doan in person and try to soften
his heart, but had only found his agent
and been gruffly told that her father
must pay ud or go. She had expected
the blow anfi her answer to her father
was:
"Well, if we can't pay we'll have
to go. of course, but we shall be al
lowed a few weeks' grace, and who
knows what may happen In % that
time?"
Something did happen, but it came
about in a queer way. Two weeks
had passed and Miss Bessie had start
ed to make soft soap in a big kettle
In the back yard. Farmer folks would
make soft soap in the spring even
"Yes. I know, but it wasn't about
the soap. Young woman, when you
have anything on hand, attend to it
and let castle-building alone. Thinking
won't bring bread and butTer." .
Miss Bessie walkad down to Tthe fire
and rearranged it a bit, and then laid
a stick across the top of the kettle to
prevent another accident. While she
was doing this the old man sat dc/wn
on* the steps with a srunt and looked
around and muttered to himself. Pres
ently he called to her:
"Young wo/nan, is your father at
work anywheres about the farm?"
"No. fir. Father is in bed with a
brc-ken leg."
"I 'edosc lie was doing some fool
thing when he broke it?"
"He was drawing; up wood last Feb
ruary."
"Urn. Where's your mother?"
"Urn. Who runs the farm?"
"I'm doing my best to care for things.
but it won't need anybody long, as we
"I say that the kettle ~ is boiling
over," he repeated as she stared at
him and wondered who he could be.
"It seems to me that a. girl of your
age ought to know enough to put: a
st'.ck across it. Perhaps, though,
you've got lye to throw away, or you
had rather think of marrying some
Prince than of making soft soap?"
"I — I was thinking " she stam
mered.
It v.as a man of 60 who had entered
the front gate and passed around the
house. He was decently dressed, but
he was bowbacked and lame, and his
snarling, stingy disposition could' be
read in his face.
"Young woman, don't you know that
kettle is boiling over and wasting the
lye?"
though assured that the world would
be no more by midsummer. The big
kettle had been filled with lye from,
the leach and a fire started under It,
and the hour, was 2 o'clock in .the
afternoon when Miss Bessie sat down
on the back doorstep out of the smoke
to think .ind plan for the future, "in
the course of a quarter of an -hour
she was so lost in her thoughts that
she v.as oblivious of her surroundings
and was jumped to her feet by hear
ing a harsh voice saying:
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY,; CALL.
6
HEP SOFT SOAP
ACQUAINTANCE
"The, Wave : TM^
This JVill Be the First of a Series of BrandlNewStories by Albert Sonmchsen
er Young Calif ornian; .fWiq Is Now the Literary^Lion ! of New York,
V ".:'' '':-Se^^N^xi : :Sttndaiy- Call :'.."'. .';."/':¦. » • ¦. - . .- . .- . . e ¦ ' '
GOOD old Dr. Channing onceWd:
"It is chiefly through books that
we enjoy, intercourse with su
perior- minds, and these invaluable
means of communication are in the
reach of all." ,¦ : *; ¦ . •• .
Blessed boon! Were it not for the
old German who learned how . to set
the letter blocks we of to-day could
"not be receivers of the "Psychic Light"
which 'flows in golden streams from
one Mrs. Maude • Lord-Drake of Kan
sas City,; Mo. It is through the medium
of a book that her superior mind, has
sought to hold, out the "beacon of
"Psychic Light" to us blundering mor
tals, who see as through a glass, dark
ly.* To do this, to- point, the .way to
the acme of continuity in law and life,
to" reveal the. secret workings of the
spirits [ and . to tear* the" veil from the
jpCRIBNER'S MAGAZINE for
A March onens with an account of
a little known but very fruitful
expedition — one of those brave ad
ventures which had so much to do
with the development of this continent.
It «3 called "The Search for the West
ern Sea," and gives dramatically an
account of the twenty years of effort
on' the part of the persistent M. de la
Verehdrye in his attempt to reach the
fabled ocean, whose narrow waters
were supposed to He between the val
ley of the Great Fork River and the
empire of China. Verendrye never
reached the Western Sea, but his ex
pedition blazed the trail through half
a continent, discovered the Rocky
Mountains, and was a powerful Im
petus to the development of the North-,
west. Miss Laut, who writes the
sketch, is the author of "Lords of the 1
North." ¦
Captain Mahan's notable narrative
of the War of 1812 reaches, in this in
stallment the fateful contest between
the Constitution and the Guerriere. •
Mrs. George Bancroft's Letters pic-,
ture with great vivacity the court life
in London more than fifty years ago.
Bunsen, Canning, Thomas Carlyle,
Lady Byron.. Sir* Robert Peel and the
Duke of Wellington are described . as
they appeared to an American woman.
The art feature' of the number Is a
series of elaborate pictures in tint by
Howard Chandler Christy, giving vari
ous chases of "Music and Life." , -
The fiction of the number is -varied.
Robert Grant's great serial, "The Un
dercurrent," describes, the coming-out
ball of the leading 'young woman in
Benham society^ Edith Wharton in
"The Descent' of Man" depicts with'
humor a college scientist who became
a popular author. The author of
"Kitchen Sketches," Mrs. Oilman, has
a new series called "Home Sketches,"
in which the same characters reappear.
The Illustrations in tint are by Jessie
Wilcox, Smith. There is another fire
man's story, "Private Morphy's -Ro
mance," by H. J. O'Hlggins. , " :
John Bassett Moore, LL.D., who
contributes the leading article to Har>
per's Magazine j for March on "Begin
ning, of American Diplomacy,'.* is the
chief authority on this subject. He
has formulated some of the Govern
ment's most Important diplomatic dis
patches. • Professor Moore is the man,
¦who, after graduating from the Uni
versity of Virginia, entered the State
Department as a law clerk in 1885 at
a salary, of $1200 a year and in one
year, rose to the rank of Third Assist
ant Secretary of State, later becoming
Assistant Secretary of State, lie has
now been for some years professor of
international- law and diplomacy in Co
lumbia University.
Mrs. Stepney Rawson, Robert W.
Current Literature
in the Magazines
J\fewBookslieceived
THE DAYSPRING, Dr. William
Barry: Dodd, Mead & Co., New York;
price $1 50.
THE STORY OF SUSAN, Mrs. Hen
ry Dudeney;- Dodd, Mead & Co., New
York; illustrated; price U 60. «... ; ->;..^ ?
ALL'S FAIR IN LOVE. Jpsephjne
Caroline Sawyer; Dodd, Mead &. Co.,
New York; illustrated In color; price
$1 50.
AN ADVENTURE IN SPAIN. S. K.
Crockett; Frederick R. Stokes &Ca»
New York; illustrated; price $1 50.
DENIS DENT. Ernest W. Hornungrv
Frederick R. Stokes & Co;, New York;
price $1 50. • \'
A LAMB TO THE SLAUGHTER.
Lee Wellington Sqiiier; The Patriot
Publishing Company, Greensburg, Fa.;
price 51 25." ': >r ¦ "-. '- ¦"' ¦' '". --'i'/
THE IMPERIALIST, Mrs. Everard
Cotes; D. Appleton & Co., New York;
illustrated; price $1 60. ;,*./•
THE MODERN BANK, Amos - K,
Flske: D. Appleton & Co., New York;
price U 60. ,. .1 .' : 'C : : ¦*. Z '.-' *
WILLIAM PENN, Augustus C.
Buell; D. Appleton & Co., New York;
illustrated; price J2 25*
THE MAN ROOSEVELT, Francis B.
Leupp: D. Appleton & Co., New York;
price U 25. ....-:.. , . > , .
JA'MES. OQLETHORPE, Harriet C
Cooper; D. Appleton & Co., New. York;
Illustrated; price Jl. • i J : ? . ;
BOOK OF KNOWLEDGE, Dr. Nellie
Belghle; The "Alliance Publishing Co.,
San/Francisco.
.THE MAN ¦WHO PLEASES AND
THE WOMAN WHO CHARMS, John
A. Cone; Hinds & Noble, Now York;
price 75 cents. . ' :
LECTURES ON COMMERCE, edited
by Ktenry Rand Hatfleld: University of
Chicago; price $1 50. * •
THE THIRD POWER, J. A. Everitt;
The Hollenbeck Press, Indianapolis,
Indiana. *
AN AID IN THE STUDY AND
TEACHING OF SNOWBOUND. 'J. W.
Graham; No. 5 of Western Educational
Helps; published by The Whitaker' &
Ray Company, San Francisco; price" 23
cents. • '--'v^ .-¦"'.>?' *
AN AID IN THE STUDY AND
TEACHING OF LADY OF THE
LAKE; No. 2 of Western Educational
Helps; published by The Whitaker &
Ray Company, San Francisco ;»-price\ 25
cents. • - . '•**
WEBB'S UNIVERSAL. HIGH
SCHOOL REPORT BOO.KS. Louis K.
Webb: The Whitaker & Ray Company,
San Francisco; price 5 cents. . ./
STATE AID TO SECONDARY
SCHOOLS, David Rhys Jones; Unlver?
Bity of California Publication; price 78
cents. f§3§ ' ; " "
natipri. : ' Our history contains no
'parallel that exhibits such a record of
rapid advancement by means of the
concomitance of so many eventful
accidents.
Leupp gives an ingenious explanation
for the singular reticence the late Sen
ator Hanna always exhibited when
asked whether he Intended running for
the' "Presidency this year and the ap
parently coquettish way In which he
seemed to enjoy the idea of his pos
sible nomination. According to Leupp,
"No one well acquainted with Senator
HannaV- personality was deceived as
to.^where he stood. He was not of the
Presidential mold. The Senate suited
his taste and his powers. He wanted a
free hard. He hated Infinitesimal
worries.' • He lacked the patience nec
essary to deal with all sorts of men
at once as a .master and as a suppli
cant. He loveFfl authority more than
insignia. He would rather administer
the affairs of the nation in the name
of another than let others administer
them in his name. Nature had marked
him for a kingmaker — not a king.
V * * There probably was never
a moment when he felt the slightest
temptation to enter the lists for the
nomination, but neither was there a
momtsnt '} when he would have been
-.wilting; .to forego the power to award
it'-tO.somV one else. If Republican or
ganizations'anywhere saw fit to name
Roosevelt as: their choice, why should
he put obstacles in their way? He was
entirely friendly with Roosevelt and
looked to see him nominated; he would
not accept the nomination himself if
It were offered t him, and he did not
expect It to be offered; but to go into
the convention with a large following
at his 'back and prevent a bad mistake
if it threatened, would be a great sat
isfaction." • ••
Roosevelt's love of sports and ath
letics, his family life, his religious tol
erance, his interpretation of the Mon
roe doctrine, the Booker Washington
incident and many other h a PPenlngs of
his administration which, have had
either a political significance or the
mere .worth of anecdote, are recited by
the, author- in a clear and entertaining
manner.
On reading this book one cannot help
but enjoy It, no matter What his po
litical convictions, may. be. In truth
it is a bold and an unprecedented ac
tion on the part of the publishers to
bring' out a work upon a:man who Is
yet living and whose, political career
is still in the making, yet the reputa
tion of the publishing house and the %
sincerity of the author should be,
enough to scout the idea that in this
work there is anything which could
be construed Into an attempt to fur
nish material for a political campaign.
Whether or r.ot Roosevelt becomes the
next President, there is enough of
mark in the man to warrant the pub
lication of an intimate view of him.
(D. Appleton & Co., New York; price,
$100.)
spell of its domination— or it should be '
left severely alone. *Even Dumas felt
Cagliostro somewhat a heavy, weight,
upon' his hands at. times. The '; second '
fault Is corollary to the first/ ; Where <
the author has- made use of : the' psy-; :
chic, -ajpirltuo-magnetic flubdub- he:has.; ;
sacrificed the sustained interest* 1 " and?
action of his storjv ': "The.Dayspring"
would be a better novfel wiihdut Hiram
'.Temple.
W\ (Dodd, Mead &. Co., New York; price
ji so.)" ; ,;.*¦¦ .. ;. .
Roosevelt the Man,
a Personal View
f£ C m 9" HE. Man Roosevelt," a por
/ trait sketch by - Francis . E.
'¦¦*¦¦ Leupp. is the eighth volume
in MeKsrs. Appleton & Co.'s excellent
Historic Lives Beries and. uppears
at a most opportune moment. Mr.
L'e'upp Is editor of the New York Even
ing Post. He has been privileged to
enjoy the almost .life-long friendship
of the President;,'' .This. intimacy with
the subject of his work has enabled
him to publish a large amount of val
uable Information regarding the. Pres
ident, his political and public actions,
that has not hitherto been; 4 knqwn.;
This, combined with his attractive lit
erary style, developed during his vlong
years of "labor on the New. York press,
has assisted him to carry out his de
sign "to give Americans of the rank
and file a lltle more yivld impression
of the American at the front, and to
bring them closer to him, so that,
without losing their perspective view
of the leader, they could see more of
the man."
The book opens with a reference to
the right good ludk and extraordinary
series of fortunate accidents that
raised Roosevelt from the -position, of
an obscure politician to the highest of
fice In the land. ; As Is well known,
he did not gain the Presidency 'like
many of his illustrious predecessors by
force of mental ability alone; for as
Leupp says, "Roosevelt is not r a genius.
He is a man of no extraordinary, nat
ural' capacity. As author, lawmaker,
administrator, huntsman,, athlete, sol
dier what you will, his record contains
nothing that might not have been ac
complished by any man of sound
physique and good intelligence. Such
Vrestige as he enjoys' above his fellov.-s
he has acquired partly by hard work
and partly bv using his native wit in
his choice of tasks, and his method of
tackling them." Accidents gave him
his opportunities and positions; -his
good sense in choosing his advisers
and hjs strict attention to the Injunc
tion of his favorite motto, "When in
doubt what to do, go ahead," have en
abled him successfully to carry out
the multitudinous tasks allotted him, ¦
Throughout his life Roosevelt . has
found that wherever he has worked
for a position to the best of:hls abll-'
Ity and failed, some power has inter
vened to turn defeat into a surprising
success. It is clearly seen now that had
he gained the Mayoralty of New York
in 1886, as he dearly wished t*o do, he
would have been content with civic
honors, probably, and would have
kept too far away j from Federal poli-_
tics to have had ambition to become. a"
candidate for the position of Assistant
Secretary* of State under President
Harrison. He worked hard for this po
sition and failed; but was awarded a
civil service commissionshlp. In this
office he gained considerable publicity,
which, was afterward increased on his
appointment to the palfce commission
in New York City. This office paved
the wav for -him to the Assistant. Sec
retaryship of the Navv. On the decla
ration of war with Spain he applied
for a position on the : staff . of General
Lee.- Had- he obtained ,.thts position
there would have been no rough riders.
His application failed and he set to
work and organized the rough riders;
as their . colonel he. became the most
picturesque figure ''.. in ¦: the volunteer
army. The prominence he thus gained
assisted' him 'to- the Governorship of
New York. . His y popularity, clung to
him. He obtained his election to the
Vice' .Presidency, and, 'finally the
tragic death of President McKlnley.
placed Roosevelt at the head- of ¦ the
A Powerful Novel
of Paris Commune
17OVBI.S of Paris smiling are
/W always Interesting; novels of
A v Paris in the thunder fit of revolu
tion are ever enthralling:. • So it is that
a story far less better written than Dr.
William Barry's "The Dayspring"
would be accepted with eagerness. Dr.
Barry's novel deals -with the tinsel
days of Napoleon "the Little" and the
sudden .blackness and madness of the
Commune.. Robert Chambers' book,
"Ashes of Rmpire," Svhicti had such a
wide vogue a few years ago, turned the
rich opportunities of Paris' last revolu
tion to account in no more telling a
manner than does this* latest romance
of those troublous times. Dr. Barry's
story is thrilling enough 'to satisfy the
tastes of any devotee of Erclcinann-
Chatrain.
The plot onens with the hasty flight
from England to France of Henry
Guiron, an Irish lad who has murdered
his hard-hearted landlord and seeks to
escape the consequences of his crime
in the purlieus of Paris. Opportunely
befriended by a young Frenchman for
whom he had once done a service,
young Guiron — an alias, of course
finds himself among friends when once
in Paris and the chapter of his ad
ventures begins. Cast into kindly
places by being made the secretary of
an Englishman who is, rather strange
ly, deeply concerned in French politics,
the refugee ha? an opportunity to
profit by his native Celtic wit and ready
address to the extent of becoming an
accepted member of a very select lit
tle salon, over which there presides
Madame Kingswood. ' This throws his
fate under the same favoring star as
that of la Comtesse de Alontalis, a
beautiful and romantic young widow
whose time is divided between deck
ing her late husband's grave with lil
ies and consulting a necromancer and
modern Casanova, Hiram Temple . by
name.
Against the sinister and all-pervad
ing power of this charlatan spirit co.n
juror the hero finds him.self set. Tem
ple has succeeded in gaining such an
ascendency over the credulous ladies
of Mme. Kingwood's salcn, especially
the romantic widow, that Gulrori finds
ji combination of circumstances, dic
tated and arranged by the necroman
cer, forcing him into a dishonorable
position. In despair he rushes out
from all this gay and rose-colored life
to lose himself in the slums of the
great city in pursuit of a new-found
zeal for the cause of the Socialists, j It
Is in the unfolding of the hero's wild
enthusiasm for the propaganda of rev
olution, his association with the hare
brained fanatics and journalists of the
red flag, his garret conspiracies and
secret meetings with the "mlserables"
that the author does his best work.
The terrible, seething pot of sedition
and anarchy which boUed under the
fragile throne of Louis Napoleon, the
mutterings of a distant holocaust to
throne and state', the blind fury of the
Reds lamenting everything on to hoped
for destruction — these elements of grim
portent introduced into the story give
It a quickening thrill.
With the general crash of everything
In the horror of the Commune the
story draws to a close. Vindicated of
the stain of dishonor falsely imputed
to him, triumphant over Temple, his
enemy, an,d heroically outlined by. the
flres of the Tuileries before the eyes of
his lady, Guiron wins the heart of the
fair and romantic Comtesse and the
cooling ashes of Paris are sifted upon
the last page of the 8tory.\
Admirable in the main as Dr. Barry's
story is, it admits of criticism on two
points. His Introduction of the ele
ment of the occult through the spirit
medium, Hiram- Temple, weakens the
plot by Just the measure that it fails
to win the credulity of the reader. Th*
occult should either be the absorbing
feature of a story— so persistent as ef
fectually to put the reader under, the
power eo that the least should be great
est, irrespective, of its effect, the pe
culiar system of land tenure — these
were the Ills brought on by the Quaker
principles <if William Penn. according
to Buefl.
"He accomplished nothing." says the
author in reference to Penn's second
vrsidonce in Pennsylvania, "except to
demonstrate further — had further
demonstration been needed— the futility
«>f trying to ndapt the doctrines of John
Saitmarsh to the problems of popular
self-government. He found that, no
matter how beautiful his theories of
universal toleration and unrestricted
suffrage, he practicall- had to deal with
an -Established Church in fact if not in
name. :•*¦».• The Established
Quakerism of Pennsylvania was in the
air, spiritual, elusive to the sight; im
palpable to the touch and irresponsible
to itself or anybody else; but still an
establishment, capable of thwarting
everything, though incapable "of cre
ating anything."
Throughout the whole of his biog
raphy, even in tliose parts wherein
Penn does not appear in the unclouded
glory which beats about the throne of
greatness. Mr. Buell sustains, above all
else, the quality of honesty, cardinal in
a biographer. His effort has been to
show William Penn the man only
through the works of William Penn
the founder of new empire and ruler of
men. His biography is more historical
than intimately personal. It is every
where well written and of an absorb
ing interest.
(D. Appleton & Co.. New York; price,
$2 25.1
Of a far different sort of a man than
William Penn, the gentle Quaker, does
Harriet Cooper have to write in "her
biography of Jamfes Oglethorpe, found
er and first Governor of the royal col
ony of Georgia. Each a builder of the
new empire across seas, each, an or
ganizer, legislator and executive of
rare ability, the supreme difference be
tween ihe two lay in this: Penn, the
man of peace, had the desire for push
ing back the frontier softened by the
gentleness of religion; Oglethorpe, the
warrior, was ever ready to carve out
a larger destiny for his colony by the
sword blade. _'-,.";. ¦'
This biography, one of the Appleton's
Historic Lives Series, is not so pre
tentious as the work' mentioned in the
foregoing; this partly because of the
purposely elemental nature' of all the
works in this series and partly on
account of the necessary restrictions
placed upon the scope of the work by
the comparative meagerness of original
sources. With no detraction from the
credit due the author, be it said that
her work is more a compilation from
and condensation of ajl authorities
than the attempt at any original re
search. Here again the character of
the Historic Lives Series— designed as
it is to give first glimpses at little
known characters— prohibits in a large
measure any deeper treatment.
One- of the most interesting passages
in the author's book is that describing
the conception of the Georgian project
in the mind of Oglethorpe and the car
rying into execution by himself and
others of the scheme of philanthropy
of which was born the new colony. It
is a fault which should be remedied
that the first impression of Georgia
colony gained by young America from
his school history is that of a penal
settlement, an early Botany Bay, in
fact, where dangerous criminals from
the purlieus of London were shipped in
chains. The biographer clearly points
out in her opening chapters the fact
that Oglethorpe's design for the coloni
zation of Georgia was purely a phil
anthropic measure far In advance of
the humanitarian thought of the time,
and directed solely to the betterment
of those unfortunates imprisoned for
debt. No convicts or desperate char
acters were allowed to embark for
Georgia. The colonization was open not
only to the debt-ridden English, but to
the persecuted Protestants of Europe.
The hardships of the first settlers at
Savannah, the incursions of the In
dians, wars with the Spaniards, the
mutterings of a new stirring of liberty
and the final overthrow of the royal
government— these scenes, in which
Oglethorpe played an active part, are
detailed clearly and completely by the
author. When she has completed her
work the result -is a brief, correct and
lively account of the part one man
played in laying the foundation of the
republic.
(D. Appleton & Co.; price $1.)
mysterious powers of a few rare minds,
Mrs. Maude Lord-Drake has only to
tell the "truly" story of her life. This
she does in "Psychic Light" — within
the modest limits of 598 closely
printed pages.
Though not the seventh daughter of
a seventh daughter* born in- the dark
o' the moon, Mrs. Maude Lord-Drake
created a precedent — a surprising one,
p'erlftips — r.by being born with a double
veil over her face. "The father, with
all of his religious prejudices aroused,
was certain that the devil had some
thing to do with this veil." . Sympa
thies cannot all be with the father,
however, if the' truth must be sold":*
Mrs. M. L.-D.'s psychic powers be
gan to manifest themselves at a very
early age. Her cradle woqld tock with
no hand moving it. The spirits would
twine her baby curls into angels' ring
lets and even tie them up with sky
blue ribbon while she was slumbering
peacefully. When burned with iye at
the tender age of five this bundle of
radio-active spirit, dictums reached up
with her poor, scalded arms, took from
the physician's pocket a pencil and
tablet and wrote a prescription for her
cure. Since then she has been favor
ing various parts 'of the globe's sur
face with a fleeting presence thereon,
materializing astral banjoes, , locating
buried treasure and making herself
useful, generally. ' She is now 52 years
of age* and is still going. , . : . . .
This in a book of 598 pages! .
"It is chiefly through books that" we
enjoy intercourse with superior minds
and these- invaluable means of "com
munication are in the reach of all."
(The Frank T.RIley Publishing Com
pany, Kansas City, Mo.) t -
The Lives of Two
Colonial Builders
y y • ITHIN the last two or three
B B 1 years there has been a grow-
ing literary movement in
this country which augurs
veil for the ever green memories of the
eitrly fathers! that is. the writing and
ready reading of biographies whose
subjects are the men of mark in colon
ial and revolutionary days. Until re
cent years the only fund of biography
which was open to thu student of
American history, and the casual read
er as well, wes that Eupplied by the
scholarly but often too voluminous
writings of the biographers of fifty or
seventy-five years ago. Though satis
fying; enough to the close student or
the assiduc-ug reader, these old writing*
are not of the kind which can merit
the term jwpular.
It is the advent, then, of the popular
biography which has produced a dis
tinct revival in this somewhat neglect
ed branch «_f standard literature. To
the list of there newly written biogra
phies there has Just been added those
of two colony builders, "William Penn"
by Augustus C. Iiucll, and "James
Oglethorie," frum the pen of Harriet C.
Cooper.
. In essaying a life of William Per.n.
Bufil has not selected a task without
its difficulties. There have been Penn
biographers since the time when the
Proprietary of Pennsylvania laid do*wn
the burden <-f a long life in 1718. Many
of them have been Quakers, whose
adulation hots partaken so much of the
character -.t' saint worship as* to be
hardly acceptable as authority. Others
thf-re have been whose works have
smacked so much of the Puritan that
the sting of bias has prohibited an un
prejudiced account of the life and
works of the great Friend. With -an
honest determination to steer the
straight path between this Scylla of
bias and Charbydls ef blffbtry, this
bi6^raplur has written a life note
worthy for clearness of outline and
fidelity to accepted facts.
The author is manifestly very "chary
of any phase of his subject which may
demand statements able to be cun
etrued ' into controversial. With the
best of intentions he states in the open
ing paragraphs of his bo-jk just what
he ho^>es to do and what he will cere
fully eschew. "The character of Wil-
Hain Pern presents three sides." says
he. "the political, the commercial and
the religious. With the -last mentioned
aspect the writer possesses neither the
capacity nor the inclination to deal. It
is his purpose to view Penn as an
aeent and promoter of secular civiliza
tion in its broadest sense, and therefore
his religious character reed not be in
troduced except as it may from time
to time become incidental as a key."
This is a worthy purpuse on th«± part
of ihe biographer, for theoretically, at
least, its pursuance would free the
writer from the entangling meshes of
possible religious contention, but as*
well try to dissociate Washington
from his statecraft or Franklin from
bis learning as Pern from his Quaker
ism. The biographer finds early in his
work that a life of William Penn, shorn
of his religious convictions and their
influence upon his character and life
uork, would be but a distorted reflec
tion, indeed. So, reluctant though he
may be to do so. Buell has made the
constant influence of the teachings of
George F:>x upon the Proprietary of
Pennsylvania one of the keynotes of his
work. Properly is it don«s for the in
spiration of the colony in the New
World sprang from the Quaker heart
of Friend Penn, two of the most impor
tant articles in its code of government
were the direct inspirations of Quaker
teaching, and the troubles which
heaped upon Penn and his colony dur
ing the first years of his rule were the
Ingical results of Quaker principles ap
plied to government.
Prefacing his accounts of Penn's
conversion to the Quaker sect
with an admirable review of the relig
ious Hellespont which churned and
boiled in all England during Cromwell-
Jan domination, the author propounds
a somewhat ingenious theory to ac
count for the fact of young Penn's
apostasy. From the seeming coinci
dences of the boy's having heard one
Thomas Loe preach the tenets of the
Friends twice in Dublin and once near
his home in London, Buell draws the
deduction that George Fox, founder or
the sect, had deliberately "set" Loe
nn to young Penn with malice afore
thought in order that the new church
might have a convert from the no
bility. This speculation of the author's
lacks any documentary confirmation
and is not altogether a worthy one to
be uttered.
The author's account of Penn's in
terest in the colony of West Jersey.
• if his subsequent efforts in behalf of
the persecuted Quakers which led up
to his conception of the proprietary
colony and of the final granting of the
charter, 15*1. by Charles II, sticks
close to the only reliable authority—
Pt.h's own journal. His estimate of
the new Pennsylvania charter is not as
hi;rh as that accorded by the histor
ian?.. He maintains that it contained a
bexvifderlnp; confusion of elements,
feudal, monarchical, democratic and
aristocratic. But he absolves Penn
5 &.T* :.:->me In any of these seem
oi.t. ¦ '.,r :. • -j save those of the
tezCzZ* preprints ., the denial of fee
' ¦ in l«r»cV terure and the Quaker
¦•.mb.iUir.tlam, These weak ele
rne-jrts he ascribes to Perm's religious
tonvlrtlons: the others he puts upon
ih«f shoulder* of Charles II and the
Di/ke'of Yt^rk.
The famous treaty under the elm
t.-^e . k . t'Vin Pftnn and the Indians—
thus. Kiiooljjdyj which lingers picked
<>-<i Jn tae m'noi of everyone with all
the rigid baldness of the school text
»"O«yf cut- rlvcs the biographer oppor
!'-::iitv t? make comment upon his sub-
U-.v- C r mrjercial instincts. "It re
qu-.ms • no ".exuberant imagination,"
v >o. Bi :!I, "to depict before the
mind's eye, on the one hand, the re
doubtable Captain Myles Standish.
with resolution graven upon his grim
vieace. striding, armed cap-a-pie, in
the <3irection of Wessagussett: and on
th* other hand, the pacific Penn, his
placid features all aglow with 'a smile
that \v.->s childlike and bland,' and his
hands full of economical presents, get
tincotu for Shackamaxon."
P-uell evidently desires, by innuendo
»? lr»et, to shake the hoary sentiment
of: Ptnn. the preat and good, making
i*-r barter for his lands.
A large part of the rest of the au
thors narrative is devoted to an ex
position of how all the internal troubles
Jn the early history of the Pennsylvania
colony were the direct result of Penn's
attempt to govern according to the dic
tates of Quakerism. The peace theory
«f that sect, xvhlch left their boundaries
open to any enemy, the division of
Chambers, Roy Rolfe ailson, AUcw
MacGowan. Margaret Sutton :Bjisco.
Grace Lathrop Collin. Kate Whiting
Patch, Charles B. de Camp and May
Isabel Fisk ; contribute -the short*, fic
tion. ¦ ¦¦, t
The March Century's leading:. article
Is a pen picture of "The, Paris. Bourse.."
from Cleveland Moffett. with illus
trations by Andre Castaigne. There
are only seventy brokers In the Paris
Bourse, aa balanced against, the 1100
of the N'ew York Stock Exchange rind
the- 3000 of London. The Paria
Bourse is a Government institution,
existing and operating under direit
Government control. The New York
and London exchanges are, as every
one knows, private associations, with
laws that are binding upon members
only because of their voluntary ac-.
ceptance. Cleveland Moffett's vivjd.
picturesque style' is well known. His
story of the life and working:* of this
"place of maddening- bewilderment"
to. a stranger, this "stronghold of th*
seventy, the great financial machine
of France," will be well worth the
reading.
Rollo Ogden. editor of the New York
Evening Post, has prepared for th*
March Century an essuy on "The Mak
ing of Public Opinion." the discussion
being thrown into the. form of a lunch
table talk between a Senator, a college
president, a doctor of divinity and an
editor, in which there is a good deal
of genial recrimination, if so harsh a
word may be used.
"Since The j Booklover came out.
with the first of the year In a handier
size and a new dress the reputation
which It has acquired with true lov
ers of the artistic and the sterling in
literature has been increasing an hun
dred fold. In the crowded field of
the monthly and especially in the
rapidly filling province of the critical
magazine The Booklover has suc
ceeded in appropriating for itsalf an
entirely distinctive mission. It an
swers all the demands of the bib
liolater, the collector of literary prizes.,
the deyptee of sparkling fiction and
the lorer of true poe^y. -The mechan
ics of the magazine's makeup leaves
nothing lacking. .
In the last number the opening
pages are devoted to a delicately
lined little pastel, "The Shepherd's
Hour Glass." There follow, articles
upon "The" Influence of Environment
Upon Men of Letters"; "Thomas' Nast,"
the father of American caricature;
"Omar Khayyam," by John Hay;
"Types in T Fictlon" and' a baker's dozen
more of the same high order.
The Header Is another magazine
which ,1s coming to the front with
rapid strides. "With the March num
ber It makes Its initial bow under a
change of owners, for the Bobbs-Mer
rill" Company of Indlanopolis have evi
dently felt that to be In line with all
of the big Eastern publishers they
must have a magazine with their name
upon the cover. They could not have
a better one.. The character of this
publication seems to be the product
of a -blending o'f fiction "and review —
all having a light breezy tone which
is calculated *o appeal to the dilettante
in literary appreciation rather than to
the scholar. Some very clever stories
about newspaper. life from the pen of
the veteran correspondent* j Julius
Chambers, serve to lighten the pages.
The March number contains stories
and sketches by Clara Morris, Regi
nald Wright Kauffman. Vance Thomp
son, Kenneth Brown and a score of
other clever and practiced writers. .
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL 1 .
Her Dispensation
of Psychic Light
7
REVIEWS OF SOME NEW BOOKS"It was at this moment that the
young Englishman sprang at me. • My
God! how little can I remember of the
next few minutes! He was a boxer, this
shred, of a, man.: He had been trained
to strike. .1 -tried to' catch him" by the
hands. Pac, pac,' he came .upon my
nose and uppn my eye.: I put'down my
head and thrust at him with It. Pac,
he came from below. But, ah! I was
too much for him. I hurled mys&lf
upon him, and he had no place where
he could escape my weight. . He fell flat
iiponthe cushions, and I seated myself
"Perhaps you do not. know your Ko
ran very (Well, monsieur? -Well, I knew
it by. heart then; as I know it by heart
now. The style, is'a little exasperating
for any one who is in a hurry. But,
then, what ' would you have ? The peo
ple In the East are*, never .in a, hurry,
and it was for them. I re
peated- it all .with; the' dignity and sol
emnity which 'a sacred, book demands,
and the young Englishman* he wriggled
and groaned. < •.
" 'When the' Horses, standing on three
feet and placing the tip .of their fourth
foot upon the ground, were mustered
in front of him in the evening,* he said,
'I have loved .the love of earthly good
above the remembrance of. things on
high, and have spent the time" in view
ing these horses. Bring the horses back
to' me.' ; And when they were brought
back he began )b cut off their legs
and — — * • • «
recite- the ' Chapter ' of the Fleet Stal
lion Ho him^ ¦ :'-- : ... -.
"'You may find it popr sport, before >
you finish,' he cried. 'What is this in- •
sane bet of yours, then?' , : W :>
; " 'I have bet,' I answered, 'that I will ¦
recite a chapter ' r of the>Koran to the
first'gentleman whom I'should rheet^ In
the street.' ." ¦¦•¦_' : - \. '¦'
"I do not know what made me. think'
it, save that my translation - was-. al-'.
ways running in niy head.- -He*olutcned '
at the door handle and again I had' to
hurl him "back into his seat. . *:
* "'How, long will it take?"; he, gasped.
" 'It depends on. the 1 chapter,* I an
swered. ' " <
"'A short one, th-r,' and let me go I*
" 'But is it fair.?' I argued. 'When I
say a chapter I do not mean the short
est chapter, but "rather one which
should be of average length.'
• r "-'Help! help! ;:help!' he squealed,
and I was compelled again to adjust
his cravat. " [\ " • '
."'A little patience,* saM I,' 'and it
will soon be over. I should like to re
cite the chapter which would be of
most interest to yourself. You will con
fess that I am trying: to make things
as pleasant as I can for * you?'
"He slipped his mouth free again.'
" 'Quick, then, quick!' he groaned. "
'* : 'The Chapter of the Camel?* I sug-*
gested* : . "
'"Yes, yes.' .. ¦ •. ¦ . ..c^:^?.
¦^ "'Or that of "the Fleet Stallion?'
" 'Yes, yes. Only proceed!*
' "We ' had passed " the * window and
there was no candle. I settled down to
driver turned his horse and rattled off
into the. fog once more. • •* *
"Ah,. it is in the moment of action
that I am best, monsieur. You, who
only see me when I am drinking my
wine in the Cafe r de Provence, cannot
conceive the heights to which I . rise.
At' that moment, when I knew, that the
fruits of a ten years' war were at stake,
I was magnificent. It was- the' last
French^, campaign and I ] the general
and army in one. v v
" 'Sir,' said I,, touching him upon the
arm, 'areVyou the messenger for Lord
Hawkesbury?*
- " 'Yes,' said he. 5j*j
"'I have been ..waiting for you half
an hour,' said I. 'You are to follow me
at. once. . He is with the -French Km
bassador.' : ,\ :
"I spoke with such assurance that he
never hesitated an instant. ., When he
entered the hackney coach and- 1 fol
lowed him . in'.my heart' gave such a
thrill of-? Joy .that; I could" hardly keep
from shouting aloud. He was a poor
little creature, this Foreign Office mes
senger, not 'much bigger than Monsieur
Otto, and I — monsieur _ can ' ; see : my
hands now and Imagine) what" they
wgre like when I was seven and twenty
years of -age.' >"'.,'
" 'This. Is a pressing business,' said
he.' 'I - have a dispatch : which I must
deliver Instantly.'* "
"Our coach had rattled down Harley
street, but now. In accordance "With
my; instructions, It" turned and began
to go up again. " ' ¦
•"'Let me out,' he shouted. 'There's
some "trickery in this. Coachman, stop
the coach! Let me out, I say!"
VI dashed him back into 'his seat as
he tried to turn the handle of the door.
He roared for help. I clapped my palm
across his mouth.- He made his teeth
meet through the side of it. ; I seized
his own cravat and bound- it over his
lips. He still mumbled and. gurgled,
but the noise was covered by the-rat
•tle of the wheels. We were passing the
.Minister's house and there was no can
dle in the window. *
.. "The messenger sat quiet for a little
¦and I could see the glint of his\eyes as
:he,- stared at', me through ;'the gloom.
¦ Presently, he" got ' his 'mouth partly - freo
from the 'cravat./ ; . > ;-' ' • ' ' '•
V 'You can have my watch and my
purse if you, will let me go,' said lie.,? .
; " 'Sir,'/ said I, 'I am as honorable a
man. as- you are 'yourself.'
" 'Who are you; then?'
. " 'My 'hame'is of no importance.'
;; .'* 'Whatdo you want 'With "me?'
. '"It Is?a bet.' - • •:"•"•
; V/A bet?. What d'you mean? Do you
Understand that I am on the ] Govern
ment service and that you will see the
inside of a Jail for this?* -
" 'That'is the bet. - That is the sport,*
said L .V r
" 'Hello!' he: cried. : 'What's this?'
"/"'What then ?M asked.. '
'"We are' driving back. -Where is
Lord Hawkesbury ?' . : "
" 'We, shall see him presently.'
Dover."
upon him with such conviction that the
wind flew from him aa from a burst
bellows.
"Then I searched to see "what there
•was with which I could tieHhlm, 1
drew the strings from my shoes and
with one I secured his wrists and with
another his ankles. Then I tied the
cravat round hi3 mouth again, so that
he could only lie and glare at me. Whan
I had done all this and had stopped the
bleeding of my own nose I looked out of
the coach, and ah, monsieur, the very
first thing which caught my eyes was
that candle, that dear little candle,
glimmering in the window of tho Min
ister.^. Alone, with these two-, hands, I
had retrieved' the capitulation of an
army and the loss of a province. Tes.
monsieur, what Abercombie and 5000
men had done upon the beach at Abou
kir was undone by me, single-handed,
in a hackney coach in Harley street.
"Well, I had no time to lose, for at
any moment Monsieur Otto might be
down. I shouted to my driver, gave
him his second guinea and allowed him
to proceed to Watier's. For myself, I
sprang Into our embassy carriage and
a moment later the door of the Minis
ter opened. He had himself escorted
Monsieur Otto downstairs and now so
deep was he In talk that he walked out
bareheaded as far aa the carriage. As
he stood there by the open door there
came the rattle of wheels and a man
rushed down the pavement. .'
" *A dispatch of great importance for
Milord Hawkesbury!' he crierf.,
"I could see that it was nit my mes
senger, but a second one. Milord
Hawkesbury caught the paper from
his hand and re^d it by the light of the
carriage lamp. His face, monsieur,
was as white as this plate before he
had finished.
" 'Monsieur Otto," he cried, 'we have
signed this treaty upon a false under
standing. Egypt is in our hands."
?? "What!* cried Monsieur Otto. 'Im
possible!*' _• :
•• 'it is certain. It fell to Abercrom
bie last month.*
•• 'In that case,* said Monsieur Otto,
it Is very fortunate that the treaty 13
signed.*
" "Very fortunate for you, sir.* cried
Milord Hawkesbury. and he ¦ turned
back to the house."
"Next day,- monsieur, what they call
the Bow street runners were after me,
but they could not run across salt wa
ter and Alphonse Lacour was receiving
the congratulations of Monsieur Tal
leyrand and the First Consul before
ever his pursuers had got as far —
"I know that I am to blame, but I
could not help glancing at the letter,
picking it out of the senseless hand
of Monsieur Otto. My God! the thun
derbolt that it was! I did not faint, but
I sat down beside my chief and I burst
into tears. It was but a few words, but
they told us that Egypt had been evac
uated by our troops a month before.
AH our treaty was undone then, and
the one consideration which had in
duced our enemies to give iis good
terms had vanished. In twelve hours
It would not have mattered. But now
the treaty was not yet signed. We
not consent to evacuate Egypt,' and In
this way we quickly brought him to
reason.
"Well, it was upon the 1st of October
that the treaty was finally. to be signed.
In the morning I was congratulating
Monsieur Otto upon the happy conclu
«lon of his labors. He was a little pale
shrimp of a man, very quick and nerv
ous, and he was so delighted now at
his own success that he could not sit
¦till, but ran about the room chattering
and laughing, while I sat on a cushion
in the corner, as I had learned to do in
the East. Suddenly in came a messen
ger with a letter which had been for
warded from Paris, Monsieur Otto cast
his eyes upon it, and then without a
word his knees 'gave way and he fell
senseless upon the floor. I ran to him,
as did the courier, and between us we
carried him to the sofa. He might have
been dead from his appearance, but I
could still feel his heart thrilling be
neath my palm.
" 'What is this, then?* I asked.
" 'I do not know,' answered. the mes
senger. 'Monsieur Talleyrand told me
to hurry as never man hurried before,
and to put this letter into the hands of
Monsieur Otto. I was in Paris at mid
night yesterday.'
"Well, Monsieur Otto, our Embas
sador, was kept terribly busy over
that treaty and all of his staff were
worked to death.
"You can understand that it was
no child's play. After ten years of
war each nation had got hold of a
great deal which had belonged to the
other, or to the other allies. What
was to b« given back? And what was
to be kept? Is this island worth that
peninsula? If we do this at Venice,
will you do that at Sierra Leone? If
we give up Egypt to the Sultan, will
vou restore the Cape of Good Hope,
which you have taken from our allies
the Dutch? So we wrangled and
wrestled; and I have seen Monsieur
Otto come. back to the embassy so ex
hausted that his secretary and I had
to help him from his carriage to his
sofa. But at last things adjusted
themselves, and the night came round
when the treaty was to be finally
dgned.
"Now you must know that the one
«»eat card which we held, and which
we played, played, played at every
ipoint of the fame, was that we had
iEgypt The English were very ner
,vous about our being there. It gave
.«¦ & foot on each end of the Medlter
fraoean. you «<«. And they were not
iwire that that wonderful little Xapol
*on of ours might not make it a base
of an advance against India. So
(Whenever Lord Hawkesbury proposed
•to retain anything, we had only to
reply, *In that case, of cour«*». we can-
"You must know, monsieur," he
¦would say, "that I left Egypt after
Klebtr'e assassination. I gladly would
have stayed on, for I was engaged in
a translation of the Koran, and be
tween ourselves I had thoughts at the
time of embracing Mahometanism, for'
I was deeply struck by the wisdom
of their views about marriage. They
had made an incredible mistake, how
ever, upon the subject of wine, and
this was what the Lufti who attempt
ed to convert me could never get over.
Then when old Kleber died and Menou
came to the tnp I felt that it. was time
for me to go. I carried my Koran and
my papers to London, where Monsieur
Otto had been sent by the First Con
sul to arrange a treaty of peace, for
both nations were very weary of the
war, which had already lasted ten
years. Here I was most useful to Mon
sieur Otto on account of my knowledge
of the English tongue, and also. . if I
may say so, on account of my natural
capacity.
Of all his stories none was more no
torious than that . of th« Koran and
the Foreign Office messenger. And yet
when Monsieur Otto's memoirs were
written it was found that there really
was tome foundation for old Lacour's
incredible statement.
THERE are " many folk who
knew Alphonse Lacour in his
old age. From about the time of
the Revolution of '48 until he
filed In the second year of the Crimean
War he was always to be found in the
lama corner of the Cafe de Provence,
at the end of the Rue St. Honore, com
ing down about 9 In the evening and
going when he could flnd no one to talk
with. It took some self-restraint -. to
listen to the old diplomatist, for his
rtories were beyond all belief, and yet
he was quick at detecting the shadow
of a smile or the slightest little rais
ing of the eyebrows.
<e<JFTrtfftt fey A. Cor.tr. ©eyit.)
"So, I stood outside Milord. Hawkes
bury's house, and you can think how
often my eyes went up to that window
in the hope of seeing the candle twinkle
in It. Five minutes passed, and another,
five. Oh, how slowly they crept along!
I paced up and down, slapping my
hands to keep them warm, and still
straining my ears. . And then suddenly
out of the dull hum of the traffic down
in Oxford street I heard a sound de
tach itself, and grow Ipuder and louder,
and clearer and clearer with every in
stant, until two yellow lights v came
flashing through the fog, and a light
cabriolet whirled up to the door of the
Foreign Minister. . It had not stopped
before a young. fellow. sprang^ out of.it
and hurried to the steps, while the
" 'Courage!' I cried; and then, a sud
den thought coming into my. head,
'How do we know that the English will
have news of this? Perhaps they may
sign the treaty before they know of it.*
"Monsieur Otto sprang from the sofa
and flung himself into my arms.
. " 'Alphonse,* he cried, 'you \ have
saved, me! "Why should they know
about It? _ Our news has come from
Toulon to * Paris, and thence straight
to London. Theirs will come by sea
through the Stralta^of Gibraltar. At
this moment It is unlikely that any one
in Paris knows of it, save only Talley
rand and the First Consul. If we keep
our secret we may still get our treaty
signed.*
"Ah, monsieur, you can imagine the
horrible uncertainty in which we spent
the day. Never, never shall I forget
those Blow hours during which we sat
together, starting at every distant
shout, Ifest it should be the first sign
of the rejoicing which this news would
cause v in London, Monsieur Otto
passed from youth to age in a day. As
for me, I find it easier to go out and
meet danger than to wait for it. I set
forth, therefore, toward evening* I
wandered here and wandered there. I
was in the;fencing rooms of Monsieur
Angelo and in the salon-de-boxe of
Monsieur Jackson and in the club of
Brooks and in the lobby of the Cham
ber of Deputies, but nowhere did I hear
any news. Still, it was possible that
Milord Hawkesbury had received
it himself just.' as we had. v He
lived in Harley street, and there it was
that the treaty was to*be finally signed
that night at 8- I > entreated Monsieur
Otto to drink two*glass^s of Burgundy
before he went, 'for I* feared lest his
haggard face and tremb"Un.g.- hands
should rouse suspicion [' itx : the English
Minister.
"Well, we went round together! in one
of the embassy's carriages, about J: 30.
Monsieur Otto went in alone; but pres
ently, on excuse of getting his .port
folio, he came out again, • with.;his
cheeks flushed with Joy, to tell me thstt
all was well.
" 'He knows nothing,' he i whispered.:
'Ah, if the next half hour were over!' r
"'Give me a sign when it' is settled,*
said 1/ .
" 'For -what reason?*
" 'Because until then no messenger
shall interrupt you. I give you my
promise — I, Alphonse Lacour.'
"He clasped my hand in both his. 'I
shall make an excuse to move one of
the candles on to the table in the win
dow,' said he, and hurried -: fnto ••• the
house, while I was left waiting beside
the carriage. . «/V
. "Well, if we could but secure- our
selves from interruption for a single
half-hour the day would.be our own.
I had hardly begun to form my plans
when I saw the lights of a- carriage
coming swiftly from the direction of
Oxford street. Ah, if it. should be the
messenger! What could I do?. I was
prepared to kill him— yes, even to kill
him, rather than at this last moment
allow our work to be undone. . '-hpu
sands die to make a glorious war. , Why
should no*t one die to make a' glorious
peace? What; though they hurried mV
to the scaffold? I should have sacri
ficed myeelf for my country.' I had a
little curved Turkish knife strapped to
my waist. My hand was on the hilt
of it when the carriage which • had
alarmed me rattled safely past me.,
"But another might . come. • I must
be prepared. Above all,; I must, not
compromise the embassy. I ordered
our carriage to move on, and I engaged
what you call a hackney, coach. Then I
spoke to the driver, and gave him a
guinea. He understood that it was a
special service. - : . . , ¦/
"'You shall have another guinea if
you do what you are told,* said L
"'All right, master,' said he, turning
his slow eves upon me : without a trace
of excitement or curiosity.
'"If I enter your cbaph with another
gentleman, you will drive up and down
Harley street and take no orders from
any one but me. When I get out you
will carry the other gentleman to
Watier's Club, in Bruton street.'
" 'All right, master,' said h<* again.
" 'It Is useless to go on, Alphonse,'
said he. 'This Englishman will laugh
at me when I ask him to sign.'
should have to give up the Cape. We
should have to let England have Malta.
Now that rEgypt ., was gone,- we "had
nothing to offer in exchange.
"Monsieur Otto recovered his senses
presently, and we tools counsel of what
we should do.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALLV
8
A FOREIGN OFFICE
ROMANCEh*>r gr»at soulful blue eyes, while, a«
the famous artist who came all . the
way across the continent just to paint
her picture declare.!- "all heaven is in
her smile." Indeed, little Baby Moist's
simplicity of dress on all occasions is
at once an example and a rebuke of
th<» folly of overdressing children.
And this is how th£ great honor above
mentioned ceme. all unheralded • and
unsought by either Mistress Margaret
or her parents, to whom, indeed, • the
publicity that has grown out of the
attractiveness of their little daughter
is very distasteful and annoying from
the Treat number of pec-ple who have
been drawn by curlo«Jty and admira
tion to their little East Oakland home
and the innumerable letters that have
been written "asking about her. ,
"Recently." said the photographer
attracted by the appearance of little
Margaret C. Moist. She sat directly op
posite to me and was accompanied by
who made these, "while traveling In a
Southern Pacific : train between this
city and Oakland, my attention was
her mother. I noted the artistic out
lines of her form and features, but what
chiefly impressed me was the unstudied
grace of her attitudes and the vivid ex
pression of the emotions reflected in her
face. Introducing myself to the moth
er, I arranged with her to bring. the lit
tle girl to my studio to be photographed.
I took her in six different poses at one
sitting, and. the pictures have since
been universally admired . by all who
have seen them.".
And it was this set of photographs,
the "best of which are reproduced here
with, that was sent to the Ladies' Home
Journal to be entered in its big baby
competition by one of little Miss Moist* s
most ardent admirers. The parents re
ceived their first intimation that their
baby had won a prize when Walter
Russell arrived at their house to paint
a full-sized picture of Miss Margaret.
according to the rules of the competi
tion.
Moreover he brought with him the as
tounding information that she had been
selected as one of twelve from over
13.000 little American children. Just
think of that— 18.000! It is a truly re
markable number to be pitted against
In a country that is world-famous for
its beautiful children. And yet. with
the single exception of Marie Octavla
Fischer of Seattle, whose picture was
also originally taken for and printed
In The Sunday Call and which will be
reproduced In multiple next Sunday,
little Mistress Moist was the only child
in the entire Pacific States that won a
prize. And the prize -itself Is a mag
nificent painting by Mr. Russell, who Is
considered one of the best artists on
children's portraiture in the wqrld.
And that Baby Moist is a little artist
in her own way may be gathered from
Mr. Russell's enthusiasm over her. He
said: "rT '"">*.," ¦'¦..,.'¦.."
"In making my decision for the baby
contest I had not the slightest doubt
of the remarkable beauty of the child,
because the posea were so clear and
logical and artistic. Had It not been
for their excellence X would not have
bad the pleasure of spending a. happy
week with the little Ctrl, nor would the
painting ever have been made."
As a matter of fact, the artist foond
her even more beautiful In the va
riety of her moods and expression than
It is possible to show in a photograph,
and for that reason carried away with
him a great number of sketches and*
minute studies, the best of which when
finally finished a few months from now
will be printed and the beautiful copies
spread broadcast.
DO you p»e the small picture at
the bottom of this page? Per
haps you have already recognized
it as a saill reproduction of an
almost life hired portrait that
published <»n this selfsame page
over two months rfgo as a beautiful
*-xemp!:ncut»i.-n of the art of poring ns
well as fur the unmista.knb!e charm of
the f hild iue!f.
"WeM. an unusual honor has devel
oped in the life of that little one since
then, an honor of which California
thould f^el very proud, lor little Mar
garet Caroline Moist lias been declared.
In the keenest competition perhaps e\-er
held in America, to be the most beau
tiful baby In the Golden West, and
ore of the twelve most beautiful ba
bies in America.
And th!s honor, so far from her own
seeking, has actually been thrust upon
h*>r. If there ever were any doubts as
to what makes for real beauty one
has onlv to sp^nd a very few minutes
in the peace and calm, in the simple
rever^nro of a!l that is pure and holy
and self-sacrificing, in the deeply re
ligio-us atmosphere of her home, to
whkh she \va« born and in which 5he
has bfren carefully reared and tenderly
ehSeMfd, to understand that it is the
*ou! mcr* than the mere external per
fection of face ar.ri figure that brings
that wonderful pov.er before which the
world has bowed for centuries
And little Baby Molste beauty is of
the order that commands attention
any* here and everywhere, not because
as some mothers may think, she is
dressed to show off her beauty, but
because aH t':at is most beautiful In
the r.orld shines from the depths of
< — '
LITTLE
MARGARET
CAROLINE
MOIST
CALIFORNIA'S
PRIZE
BABY
Qo/r\pare Jtyi§ BS^^^^^^S^S^S^^^^W^K Ba by J^xt •SundayTHE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
7; You remember how, in the picture of
the Empress . Eugenie,' that beautiful
woman"; in ¦ her prime was always > rep
resented" in \ very^ long apd~ very, dainty
skirt, held, up coquettishly right In the
middle of the.front. k Well, this fashion
is being -revived and by midsummer
,your > eyes ; will be greeted with ; visions
of ladies. fair promenading the veran
das in i-kirts that are held daintily up
right htthe' center of the front breadth.
Of course : the most exquisite of lingerie
will h(\ visible underneath these skirts.
Petticoats . that . are -not merely a f rou
frou of . lace and deep ruffle of trim
ming will he worn,' but petticoats that
are dreams of chiffon and fine lingerie
and "whose cost will rival if- not excel'
that (if, the skirts', underneath* which
they are worn.; . .;-.. f: . ¦- -7' ¦ .'. ¦'•.¦ ; •;
• If is a'fact that. the all white "waist
and tlje all black waist/and the waist
hips and very full upon the ground, it
does not make her seem larger. On the
contrary, it preserves the long lines of
her figure admirably.
To make, the skirt Just right the' wo
man stood upon a low footstool while
It was fitted and .thX skirt was
turned up Just at tfje ground. This
gives 'precisely the right length for a
dressy, skirt, *t\yo lrvhes too long at the
front 'and sides.
v , Mrs. Chauncey M. Depew Is partial
to putty color and coral and an ex
quisite waist Is built of putty colored
lace, with smart little butterfly bows
of coral colored panne velvet with
pipings and folds of the same brilliant
color upon the putty colored lace.
; Another one of Mrs. Depew's waists
is in gray and tomato, a .very good
combination and one admitting of the
use of the new gray laces, s
Oyster gray, shell gray, pearl gray
and* Irish gray are all' to , be -worn,; a
great deal, and these can be found both
in Bilks and laces. ? One of the prettiest
waists'. seen was' in * oyster gray and
blue, and white, - the three colors' put
of all one color, no. matter what that
'color may be, is sinking a little into, the
background, while the waist with color
combinations ls ; coming; a "little to the
fore; ' ;"¦¦'< •¦",";" V r ¦- >
• Mrs.; Frances ¦ Hodgson ' Burnett, who
is one of the most fashionable literary
women, loves the combination of lettuce
green and tomato 'red, and one of her
finest shirt waist" suits is built in these
hues; '.its materials , are taffeta and
panne.. ' . $'¦'.'*, :U
.Mrs. " Clarence wears a com
bination- of gray" and*, black" and nvhite,
cunningly mit V together in -white lace,
gray loulsine and black. moire.
With ; thirty \ light shirt j waists any
woman, even a < bride, could make a
very creditable ¦'appearance; j and with
care in the selection of- her waists^ she
could get through a season very nicely.
But while considering the shirt waist
matter the, one of ' the skirt must not
be forgotten. Skirts, : you must 'know,
play a very important part in the sea-^
son's- dress -and no woman cant hope"
to be well gowned without at' least two
nice skirts.' The nice 5 - skirts— that , is;
the dressy sklrts^-are made to trail 'all
the way around, i They lie two inches
on the ground: In the front and upon
the sides, as well as two inches in the
back and even more.
So, in. getting up your spring ward
robe, look well to the skirt question.
Be sure to provide one very nice; and
very long light colored skirt And,
with these in your wardrobe, you vwill
be able to . meet . any emergency^, in
dress, no matter what It may be. '
A New York woman' who is. among
the well dressed of the earth is making
a black skirt, fashioned of black net
and trimmed' with- hanging drops of
black-Jet it is a lovely,, skirt, all glltf
tcring and beautiful. J It falls" very long
all around and, while It is fuirupon'the
over vests that matcn. f These have
very wide and very elegant little
sleeves trimmed with; lace, arid the
necks are provided .'-with " t great square
lace-trlmmed . collars, '.which 1 are as
deep as the shoulders." v ; " .'•
The Eton shirt . waists are usually
made of soft.yeiling, of delicate cream
colored canvas, of open mesh goods
and of very . glossy white silk j weaves
and of the, very pretty, chiffon mate
rials-—-chiffon velevets, y. chiffon silks
and chiffon cloths. \v-v v \ . -
The stiff, heavy London cheviots and
the coarse^ Irish linens and the mixed
cotton suitings of Scottish goods are
made up in rather uncompromising
fashion into shirts for day wear. They
are for use on the golf links, for wear
mornings and for comfort
Then there come the. soft and rather
ceremonious blouses, made of loulsine,
surah, crepe de chine, peau de sole, taf
feta and mixed silks. These are for
wear with any skirts they may happen
to, match. And the bride is clever
enough to provide half a dozen modish
akirts of different colors."
The Eton shirt waists are cut' in ele
gant fashion, with' little lace boleros
and Uttle lace-trimmed Etons if ailing
While the entire tendency is toward
complete suits, there Is no doubt that
the shirt waist plays a prominent part
in these suits,.. and by a little clever
work the woman. who wants a variety
can secure it by studying the shirt
waist market a-nd taking advantage of
her opportunities.
A Washington girl who ia marrying
a diplomat will take to London with her
in her spring trousseau no less than
thirty-eight shirt waists. They are cut
as shirts, as blouses, as Etons and as
the American shirt waist proper, which
is a little different from any of these.
For a skirt she will wear a black
glace taffeta, strapped with cloth and
cut into a short train, and with this
she will wear the heavy Irish crochet
lace waist. Along the vest line of
the waist she will apply small violets,
made out of satin ribbon, in such a
manner that they. will outline a vest
In two parallel rows, running down
each side of the front In between
the rows of violets she will set white
accordion plaited chiffon.
A Shirt Waist Trousseau.
are called Ir'sh crochet, whether of
the real Irish weave or the imitation,
and this she will convert into an
Easter blouse.
Another stock was in white taffeta
stitched In green with the stitchery tub
proof. And still another was in white,
with two stitched tabs of white wash
silk In front, with coral red stitchery
and coral red knots dotting the tabs.
The making of the stock alone csn
stitutes a very nice summer fancy
work and creates a bit of hand indus
try which will be as useless as it is
ornamental.
From the appearance of the shop
windows it Is time to put in a supply
of shirt waists and the woman who
does so early will secure the newest de
signs.
In a convent ths patient sisters sat
stitching upon a waist of delicate blue
linen. The pattern upon -which they
were -working was one designed by an
artistic sister. It showed a great spl
derweb of blue silk, in which a large
gray spider was struggling. The spider
was round and fat and was made en
tirely of embroidery threads. The web
was repeated in smaller size upon the
cuffs and upon the stock. To wear
with this there was a very pretty Eton
made of lace with a deep collar bound
In silk, the whole falling open In front
to display the delicately woven web.
The stocks are as interesting as the
waists themselves this season, for
they, too, display many new modes. A
stock of white silk had a big silver
buckle In front And through thi3
buckle there was drawn wide ends of
scarlet taffeta, three Inches -wide,
hemmed upon each edge and the whole
abundantly stitched in red silk. These
ends were pulled through the buckle in
such a way as to look like a great bow
at the throat.
removed, ia the wheel of lace. Wheel
rosett?s are made of inexpensive lace
ar.il tune r-pplled to waists with the
prettiest of effects. These wheels can
be causht down with great star shap
ed stHrhcs of silk, which can be cut
when thd wheel 13 to be removed.
Although the wash shirt waist 1%
In sentiment at least, the most desir
r.bls Ar all things feminine, yet. In
reality, there are very few of these
v.ash waists. Wash waists that will
never see the tub are numerous, and
those that are really washable require
a great deal of ripping before and a
great deal of sewinsr afterward.
A shirt waist made of piece lace of
heavy wejive was buttoned down, the
back. Bet that did not prevent the
use of mother-of-pearl buttons down
the middle of the front. The wearer,
who was a brunette, wore mother-of
pearl combs in her hair, and she wore
a belt of silver fastened with a large
mother-of-pearl clasp. A band of sil
vered braid encircled her throat
Small trimmings make up the sum
and substance of the spring fashions,
and that ia the excuse for a waist of
china silk, whose chief and only orna
ment was a great embroidered butter
fly inserted In the middle of the front.
The material was cut out under
neath, and the great butterfly was
spread out over the bust It was
worked in white silk, with & few col
ored stitches to trim the wings and to
decorate the eyes and the body. This
butterfly was very much larger than
life size, for it extended, with its out
stretched wings, almost from shoulder
to shoulder, while its antennae, tipped
with -glossy green stitches, formed a
lovely decoration for the yoke.
Wonderful Handwork.
together with gray predominating, then
the blue and then the white.
Don't try to make your shirt waists
for dfessy wear all out of one material,
for Dame Fashion says there shall be
two or. three and that there shall also
be two or three colors as well &s ma
terials. It, is more economical to com
bine the materials as well as more
fashionable, and so the home dress
maker can perform the feat known as
killing two birds with one stone.
One of the> handsomest waists is
made in sharp contrast. There 13 a
wonderful waist of white lace which 13
trimmed with very beautiful pipings of
crange. These are in the shape of
fat little folds which are laid around
the lace of the sleeve midway ur> the
p.rm and along the yoke. The stock Is
outlined with them and there is a
crushed orange velvet belt.
. White Waists Made Dressy.
White waists are made very elegant
by the woman who will take a little
trouble to fix them up. One white
waist, after it came home from the
laundry, for it was a wash shirt waist,
was trimmed with buttons covered with
gray suede. They were very large and
were set in rows of two down the front
of the waist, down the sleeve and ar
ranged upon the yoke. Then there was
a" wide, suede belt and a suede stock.
Very large buttons, covered with
Japanese silk, are used to trim waists
and some of the handsomest lace waist,
effects are accomplished by placing
these buttons upon the waist in dou
ble-breasted fashion or in a single row
running down the right of the waist
and trimming the cuffs and stock.
Qrnate buttons of all kinds are em
ployed upon shirt waists to the great
benefit of the waists, for there is some
thing that is almost Jewel-like in the
new buttons. .-'-•£,,
Squares of turquoise, with a shank
underneath, are used In button fashion
and sauares of red stone, of green, of
topaz pink and of every color and kind
which one associates with the real
- gems are also used.
Mother of uearl has come out very
strong and there are mother of pearl
buttons with tiny Jewels in the center
which go .very well with shirt waists
of gray and of blue. Don't, if you are
an amateur dressmaker, attempt to
make up a handsome shirt waist with
out due regard for the button fad which
has swept across the land and invaded
the strongholds of fashion.
The covering of button molds Is
something .for the fingers of the in
dustrious girl of spring. Many of
them are covered with canvas which
is worked in cros3 stitch in bright col
ors. Covering button molds with can
vas and afterward' working them la
plenty of fun for the girl with artis
tic tastes. They can be worked in
Armenian designs, or in the old fash
ioned cross stitch which made the
samplers of a generation ago so very
pretty.
If the designs are intricate the can
vas is worked before the button molds
are covered, but In the painted but
tons and those that are done In a
great cros3 stitchery right in the mid
dle of the button, it is better to cover
the molds and do the fancy work
later..;
Wheel Rosettes and Other Trimmings.
• A trimming which is specially good
for theV wash waist, since it can ? be
A woman who dresses very well In
deed is prepa-ing her Easter gown.
It will consist of a pansy-hued cloth
skirt, which was once an old white
ekirt, colored a pretty purple and
shaped into a trotting skirt And with
this she wiir wear a pansy colored
loulsine shirt waist, "piped with white
taffeta, and trimmed with a deep
white lace yoke collar, upon which a
bunch of violets are fastened. Her
hat will be an English toque, pointed
in front, a la boat shape, and trim
med with viol***.
Another , woman, who has more
taste than money, and who will dress
well In spite of financial obstacles. Is
the owner of a black lace shirt waist,
one of those heavy lace affairs which.
The Philosophy of Shirt Waists.
The shirt waist fever, which was
thought to have abated somewhat,
ha* broken out afresh and in a form
which threatens destruction, not only
to the pocketbook. but to- the eye
eight. Where shirt waists were made
by machine before they are now all
hand stitched, and the tucking, the
shirring, the stitched bands, the strap
pings and the pipings are all laid in
by hand, where once they were all, or
partly, done by machine.
The introduction of the shirt waist
and Its universal adoption by women
means a great deal, not only in the
line of expenditure, but In the line of
saving as well. For, while a woman
can waste a great deal of money upon
shirt waists, she can also save a great
deaL Where she once was compelled
to spend a goodly sum of money to
obtain a new suit, she can now get one
at a very reasonable figure by taking
advantage of the opportunities offered
her in the shirt waist line.
Another shirt waist, this • one built
of spinach green linen, -wa's inset. with
circular tan colored figures, each figure
outlined with narrow white wash braid,
and the whole waist dotted with tan
and white embroidered circles, caught
Into each other. *
y T was on the Rue Saint Honore!
IThe pretty American girl hesitated,
came to a full stop, turned and en
tered!
When she emerged, fully an
hour later, her face wore the expression
of a woman who had been dazzled by
line clothes. She had purchased a chirl
waist of linen, so fine that you could
have twisted it into a roll no bigger
ihan your finger and she had ordered
5t embroidered with violets. Each vio-
Jet was to have petals of glossy silk
Kith the finest of openwork surround
ing each flower. The price was— well,
never mind the cries!
American shirt waists are the fad
of the hour in Paris. The French, who
caught on eo slowly, to our shirt waist
idea, have now taken it up with avidity
and the American shirt waists, made in
France, are emong the most delightful
of all articles of wearing apparel. They
fit around the neck an,d shoulders, for
no woman is as critical as the Ameri
can woman in this respect, and. they
set neatly around the belt and waist.
And to these sterling qualities the
French have added the exQuisite detail
for which they are famous. The French
shirt waists show the wonderful em
broidery of the convents and they ex
hibit the peculiar artistic qualities for
which the French are bo well known.
A waist made of softest lawn had
the entire yoke peppered with French
knots. The lower edge of the yoke was
bordered with fringe, deep, soft, white,
creamy fringe, warranted, by the way,
to wash like a pocket handkerchief. Set
into this waist at frequent intervals
were oblong figures of Irish lace, each
figure surrounded by violet hued stitch
ery. with French knots surrounding
each figure.
10
HAND MADE
SHIRT WAISTS FOR
SPRING•
The son of a solicitor in South Lon
don, Thomas had some private means
of his own and devoted his time to
•the study of anarchism and — clocks.
Attaching himself to a socialist club,
, near Greenwich, he becam. an a: t pupil
* in that "school of thought" — or
thoughtlessness — and when, after the
murder of President Carnot. In Paris,
his . ccssor refused to commute the
death sentence passed on the murderer,
Thomas determined to strike a blow at
all governments (by way of reprisal)
and dropped a pennyworth of gun
powder into the letter-box of an Inof
fensive postmaster In Greenwich.
There was little or no damage done
and the whole thing would have been
forgotten in a week. But this did not
suit Thomas. He wanted to be famous
and he thought that, his whifT of gun
powder had made him so.
Finding that little noise was made
about this exploit, he wrote a letter to
the postmaster bidding defiance to all
constituted authority and, as a result,
he was arrested and tried, under the
1HAVE met with some very strange
characters behind prison bars.
Some were philosophers, some
were fools, or "mostly fools" — but
those whom I have now in my mind's
eye were marked by special "peculiari
ties" which marked them off from their
fellows.
One such rara avis was Thomas R— ,
now undergoing a sentence of seven
years' penal servitude for what some
thought, at the time, was but a foolish
freak and others a grave criminal of
fense.
"You ar2 thick- headed. No. 43.
Were you not so you could see things
as they are. I am a dangerous politi
cal prisoner and a sworn, enemy: of
all governments. The cabinet would
like to kill me If they could do so de
cently; but instead of sending )>ne of
their assassins into my cell to mur
der me outright, they choose' to let me
die of starvation by withholding food
that- 1 could eat and forcing on me
what they know J can* t« eat. But I
am not going . to"die -until'? I' ; strike 'a
blow at Downing 'street * that will
shake the empire. V ; .\
Another remarkable, \ character, still
behind the '• bars,'- Is? the, man^ Bonson,
who is serving five, years In j connection
¦with a* Stock : Exchange -swindled He * is
a wealthy man,) ahti \ his one Idea fwhen
I knew him was that his riches would
I tried to impress the plain fact
upon him that he was starving him
self; but Thomas would not have that
at any price and, with a contemptu
ous sneer at my stupidity, wound, up
the conversation with this tremendous
pronouncement: . -.^'-.n-
tion into another channel, and know
ing that Thomas returned his dinners
to the kitchen daily untouched, I ask
ed him why he didn't eat his meat
and soup. ¦ .
"Never eat meat nor drank soup
in my life."
"But why? Are you a vegetarian?"
rXo, but I nev-er did eat meat and,
as they won't give me anything in
place of my dinners, which, I always
send back, it Is evident that the auth
orities are starving me."
As every one acquainted with legal
life* knows,- there ; are " veryT'of ten "com
plicatlons-^wheels'withlh wheels— which
baffle'even the. most astute minds and
make f: an ; Intelligible " appreciation'; of
fa cts .very^difficult."; . ¦ - ? ,
'*¦-. This \ was ; : the ; case \ here. ,- Saker; was
committed trial," and' In" due; course
was ; removed \ t roin ; Hollo way ; to : New";"
gate prison," where on the eve of his trial
purchase his freedom. ; '
There were ' several • other "moneyed
men" behind the bars at Parkhurst in
my' time, and,, short of liberty, they
could— some of them did— buy anything
they took a fancy to (in a quiet, clan
destine way, of course). '
One such man, was^ Saker, the junior
member -of a firm of solicitors » well
known, In Lincoln's Inn. . ,
. Unlike Bonson, Saker was an Israel
ite who had no guile! Simplicity was
his . distinctive ¦ mark . and peculiarity;
and it was. always a -puzzle to me, how
such a man could have been guilty of
the fraud on acount of which he Is now
undergoing ten years' penal^ servitude.
The mystery was cleared up . one day
when ; Saker— who ;then ; had : charge of
the workshop In which I was employed
—gave me a brief history 'of , his case.
' Saker was the' victim of'circum
stances.- The* firm, of which hie was ju
nior-member, became Involved in very
serious ; difficulties, ; and r the ; Incorpo
rated Law .Society took up ] the matter.
Saker, although atrich^matf and' but
recently t married, offered to take all re
sponsibility, under certain '.conditions,
and. he was arrested on a charge of
fraud. . I4» VC< .
The arrangement was agreed. upon
and. next day, Saker was placed in the
Old Bailey dock before the 'Recorder.
¦ .To the surprise of every one in court
and, especially, of . Saker himself, -Sir
Charles Hall rose from the bench and,
seeming to remember suddenly an Im
portant engagement -elsewhere, he ad
journed' the court until the; following
morning. • ,
One result of this unexpected incident
was that Saker's case was transferred
to "No/ 2" court. Not wishing to de
part from the arrangements made with
his partners, he pleaded "Guilty" to the
charges arid, ;to his dismay, was sen
tenced to ten years' penal Servitude by
a Judge-known to be particularly se
vere in dealing, with - fraudulent solici
tors. , .
Saker made several attempts to have
the " case \ reopened, "¦ but ' as there is : as
yet no court of criminal appeal In this
country, he spends h:o days and nights
vainly looking ; out, from behind the
bars of Parkhurst ¦ Prison, . for some
thing to "turn-up" which may ; deliver
him from the cage wherein • he~has al
ready passed four years.
From '\ beh I nd the '• bars of the same
cage'another remarkable.conyict is also
looking 'out,- but with eyes /directed,
not; toward 'the new law-courts, but to-;
ward I the \ treasury; 1 /against ' the First
Lord i of t which : he ..says ¦ he . intends < to
bring I; an s action • for comp -nsation ? for
: false:impfiBonment. i
'This .gentleman's' name is Joslah
he was visited by the heads of the firm
and received an- assurance that the
case would be put on the list of :the
then Recorder (the Mate Sir Charles
Hall), and that if he pleaded guilty he
would get off with a very light sen
tence. •
"explosives act," for, this outrage on
the letter-box. He was found "guilty"
and Mr. Justice Bruce sentenced him to
seven years' penal servitude.
I chanced to be one o? a \ batch of
nine prisoners who were transferred
from Chelmsford Gaol to Parkhurst
convict prison in June, 18 — , and, when
we entered the train at Waterloo, I
found that Thomas was my vis-a-vis.
He was in a communicative mood;
and, as the rules of discipline are some
what relaxed on such occasions, we had
a lengthy conversation on the Journey
between Waterloo and Southampton.
Thomas had, somehow, got it into his
mind that he was a "political" prisoner
and not a common felon; and one of the
first things he asked me was "what
the papers had to say" about his doings.
He was. evidently, under the Impres
sion that the whole of England, from
Lands End to John O'Groats, was ring
ing with the letter-box fiasco, whereas,
so far as I knew, not a single paper had
made the least comment upon It. V- «
To all appearance, Thomas was of
sound intellect; he could converse co
herently and, : indeed, learnedly on
most subjects, and altogether he made
a rather favorable impression at this
first Interview.
We had not been in Parkhurst many
days before" Thomas proved himself
to be a "crackpot." I met him. one
morning on the exercise ground, and
the following dialogue might have
been fcteard by any one standing within
a few yards of us.
Coming behind me he whispered:
"I say, No. 4 3," isn't • this /a. beastly
place ? I would like to blow, the whole
prison up, ; Governor, arid all." . .
I was anxious to turn the conversa-
;Thc latter class is,' generally, the most
?'<effish'* and \ least i Inclined : to / sociabil
ity. - But one . of this reticent
and select body of convicts got himself
Into' difficulties one day throu gh an us -
-wonted slip ", of the" tongue.
Grayson. He is an American by birth.
a speculator by. profession and (so he
asserts) a convict by a miscarriage of
justice. The master of six or seven
languages, Grayson uses only one — the
vernacular— and that mainly to blas
pheme.
He disclaims all intention or desire to
conform to the rules and regulations of
the prison and will have nothing to do
with ."class", distinctions, which (he de
clares) he could not recognize/ since to
do so would be to acknowledge the jus
tice of his sentence.
Moreover, Grayson carries his ideas
of resistance so far that, now and
again, he takes it Into his head to re
fuse his prison food, and on * one occa
sion he abstained for a whole week
from either. eating or drinking, with
the result that he had to be admitted
into the hospital and put upon special
diet to keep him alive.
His particular fad was to sue the
treasury for. false Imprisonment, and, as
he Is undergoing seven years — every day.
of which he will have to serve (having
forfeited • all "remission marks") — and
will claim two-sixths per diem for the
whole of that time, he intends to pro
ceed against the treasury to recover
the modest sum of £319 7s 6d on his
release ; from prison.
• I 'met with : a very large number of
men behind the bars who would have
done credit to any society; university
men, * prof essional men,- business men
and "men of [no particular .'calling,' but
with/rome means at their command.
By J. P. Duggan
MEN I HAVE MET BEHIND THE BARS
closed It' fully six months out of the
twelve, so she .never rested until sh^
had secured the rights to- extend her
Trans-Siberian road to the south and
through Manchuria to Tachichao, near
Mukden. In her diplomacy she planned
that- one - branch should . run to Port
Arthur and Dalny and another toward
Shanhaikwan, where the great wall
of China touches the sea. Whether or
not* China realized the immense power
that she was giving her enemy is not
known, but the fact remains just the
"same* that* the "Russians gained great
influence in North China and that her
entrance' is unrestricted, so that she
may come and go as she seesflt.
Dalny, which, .by . the way, means
"far. away" in the Russian language,
is one of, if not the most, characteristic
of the Russian cities andj while It Is a
long way from its mother city, St.
Petersburg, it owes !ts existence to the
iron will of the Russian Emperor, who
caused it to be built irt-e single day,
as It were, as a port "to be opened to
the fleets of all nations." What the
Czar wanted was a sort of an outer
gateway that could be used at all
seasons and all times and, with his
usual style of appropriating things, he
got It. In 1891, he laid the first stone In
what is known as his "Great Siberian
Railway" | and he "made it his business
to see that it was finished at an aston-
der that the provinces might be more
easily opened up for traffic and when
China actually began putting In a
roadbed Russia again saw a golden
chance and %as -anything but 7 slow in
coming to the front to slip her wedge
in. In the first- place she wasn't satis
fied "with' Her terminus at Vladivostok,
for the ie'e in the harbor practically
The pressure of foreign commerce
rose up and demanded railroads in or-
Notwithstanding her army and the
Russian towns and ways that were
springing up here, there and every
where like wild flowers in the spring,
the route to her new domains was a
deadly long and tiresome one, as over
2200 miles of land and water had .to
be traveled over. ; s I ,'••¦
And then, just as she was commenc
ing to plot and plan for newer con
quests, Japan stepped into the fray
and materially -isted her. The
Japs in a moment of rage decided to
humble the pride ot the almond-eyed
Celestial and by so doing they gave
Russia an opportunity to lease Port
Arthur as a naval station, and Id and
behold both feet were firmly planted
on a new territory and the land of
the Czar laughed silently but long in
its sleeve.
The army of the Czar is mostly
composed of two classes, the common
peasant and the Cossacks of the Don,
and the largest jjart of those in Man
churia are trusted Cossacks, although
the term Cossack has been used so
much and so often that it has come to
mean any Russian sent into a new
section or country on account of trou
ble. - -v-
untii there are in Mancnuria to-day
fully 1.400.000 people and the number
is increasing at a fast and furious rate.
No matter what mischief I^isaia. may
be getting into or how many fingers she
may be getting in China's pie, the fact
remains just the same that she Is open
ing up new markets, and as a result
business should take great strides for-.
ward and the results should be amaz
ingly good. For all of which the Czar
sits and chuckles, for he knows better
than any one else that his new Russia
has provided both himself and tha
world in general a wide-open door
through which all may sail as often as
they see fit.
There Is one thing lacking In Dalny
that has caused comment, and that is
the utter absence of military protec
tion. Uudoubtedly Russia thinks she
doesn't need it, as it is but forty
mlles^away from Port Arthur, which is
fairly alive with guns and filled to Its
utmost capacity with well trained sol
diers, as, in fact, is every new town
and harbor in Manchuria.
Here she opens her doors freely and
invites those who care to stay to
come in and buy and own their own
property, and she even extends a wel
come to 'Jews, while the Chinese are
regarded in a more friendly light and
mix more freely with the foreigners
than In any other part of the earth,
which naturally is making and quick
ly spreading a kindly feeling between
the two nations. In all things the
Emperor is following out a carefully
planned and exceedingly wise policy.
One thing in particular will make his
most distant city popular and its har
bor always well filled. No customs
charges are asked, for it is a free port,
and no more dock and harbor fees
are required than are absolutely nec
essary. Of course, his obje^i is very
plain, quite as plain as hliup-to-date
•facilities, and if his course of action
does not attract and hold trade the
Russian will be bitterly disappointed.
Not only in this respect has the city
been improved in double quick order
and with great foresight. The streets
are wide and well paved, with good
sewers; there are public parks, fine
public buildings, hospitals, electric
light plants and all else that goes to
make a city comfortable and attrac
tive.
ishlngly fast rate, until it covered, -writh
the Manchurian lines, more than twice
the distance between San Francisco
and New York. In Dalny, his pet city,
he saw that great docks were built, so
that they might be in readiness to
handle freight and passengers when,
they knocked for entrance, for be
cleverly figured out that the port was
too convenient to be Ignored.
Ever)* country recognized his mas
ter stroke and Mr. Norman, ah Eng
lish writer, says: . "Since the great
wall of China the world has seen no
material undertaking of equal magni
tude. That Russia should have con
ceived It and carried it out makes
imagination falter for her future in
fluence upon the course of human
events." And indeed, though 'Dalny
and the cities near it seem so far
away, too far, in fact, to bother the
other-nations much at first, they are
now looming* up and Informing: the
world In general that Western Rus
sia is not to be sneezed at. Of a
truth, when all one has to do is to
pick up a newspaper In New Tork
or some of the other large cities in the
world to see notices and dates of pro
posed sales and leases, it brings to
light In a hurry that new Russia is
pursuing a very wise and liberal pol
icy and furthermore that she proposes
to make thi's latest possession of hers
felt an a world power.
The eiciled convicts that had been
Siven their liberty were stationed up
and down the river to aid and abet him
when he needed them most, and so
once again Russia gained a foothold
upon Chinese territory. In fact, Mura
vieff was after honors and he didn't
rest until his country gained by clever
negotiations the harbor of Vladivo
stok', which is to-day Russia's north
ern fortress on the Pacific coast and
of supreme importance. The situation
In itself renders it practically secure,
for It is surrounded by mountains and
can be reached from the front only
by a long channel, so it presents a
most uninviting and inhospitable ap
pearance. Of harbors, there is no
doubt but that it is more thoroughly
protected than any other naval station
In the world. The process of fortifying
It and making It absolutely safe from
the Intruders alone caused Russia to
send over peasants in great numbers,
and later, when the port was opened
for commerce, they poured into the
territory by the tens of thousands and
gladly made permanent settlements,
And then, by way of variety* the
Crimean war burst forth and set things
jingling lit a merry rate. Russia need
ed more ground in order to protect her
self from the French and English, ai
without saying "by your leave" she
helped herself to it, and very gener
ously *at that. In fact, what she really
succeeded in doing was to change the
geography of that entire region. The
Governor of Siberia, one Muravieff by
name, sent his soldiers in 1854 down the
Amur River a second time, but this was
not ull by any manner of means that he
did.
Immediately the troubled pot began
to boil furiously, for both Russia and
China promptly claimed Jurisdiction,
and Chinese soldiers were dispatched
with all possible speed to tell the In
truders that about the wisest thing
they cou'd do would be to go home and
mind their on ti business. Rfgrht there
and then be&an the struggle for Man
churia. For a period of nearly fifty
years the two powers struggled with
all their might and main for supreme
acy and in 16SS a treaty was finally
made that gave all tne land north of
the Amur River, extending up to the
middle of the sea. of Okhotsk, to the
Chinese Empire. So, for once in her
life, Russia was obliged to haul down
the flag that she had planted so proud
ly and with so much arrogance.
The people of Russia are patient and
hard-working, and their home is deso
late and gives them sustenance very
grudgingly, but notwithstanding this
and the fact that the country as a
whole was gradually expanding and
stretching its greedy arms as far in
every direction as it possibly could, the
treaty of Xertchinsk was faithfully
kept for nearly rOO years, and not the
faintest trace of Russian influence was
Celt in this much sought after basin.
Up to the time the Russian explorers
began to prow 1 about on the Amur
River the surrounding country was
practically never heard of, but because
they had ventured into a strange, un
known land that pretended to be noth
ing more or less than a u-ilderness in
habited by a barbarous people, they
promptly demanded it as their very
own. precisely as Spain* claimed Amer
ica because Columbus happened to be
the first man to run a flag up on the
red men's shore.
name, she ought to be a quiet, staid,
dijnif.ed child rather than such a
noisy, turbulcr.t imp that never seems
guile as happy as when trouble is
brew-Ins on all sides. For properly
speaking the country of the Manchows
¦was chosen by the founder* of the dy
nasty which now rules over China as
an appropriate designation for his fam
ily and the epithet meaning "pure"
was accordingly given as being partic
ularly appropriate.
F little Miss Russia, perhaps morti
| commonly known as Manchuria,
J[ lived u:« to the real meaning of her
THE SAN FRANGISCO SUNDAY CALIl
11
THE LITTLE NEW RUSSIA
JOE ROSENBERG'S.
: Don't Dead]
2 It's About Some Z
S jBargains in Ladies'. e
! SILK VESTS I
S Not Only on Paper, S
8 But Plenty in the Store. 3
• Here's a Few of'thc Many : J
0 XiAOXSS' f JUSTS — Made of French 9
a lisle; low neck and no sleeves; %
q jersey ribbed; neck and arm Q
7 holes band crocheted, and run- m
7 ning through with Silk Rib- Z
•J bon; In white- only 39c Z
| LADTXS' VZSTS — Made of XX S
5? Italian silk; low neolc and ao Z
2 sleeves;, finished with hand- S
zf made beading, with ribbon S
2 runninr * through; aw! 3 a *
5 ribbed; in pink and blue; In- ®
• . stead of $1.25. limited quan- ©
•; . tlty will be sold for 75c •
J IfADIES' V JUSTS— Made . of purs £
9. Vega silk; high neck-and long •
# sleeves;- swiss ribbed; elastic O
• . and soft as velvet; In pink. •
# blue, cream. Regular J1.50 9
9 quality. Monday's and Tucs- a
9 day's price Sl.OO o
2 ' *2
: Joe Rosenberg :
4 The Quality Store. . *
• 816 MarKeL 11 OTarf clL •
© Mall Orders Solicited. ©
•••••••••••••••••*«««2THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALC
12
ME-OWS OF A KITTY
f— 3^— s=a AID the Japs to the growler: "Oh,
I i'^iW^^^k'/ifl Gratitude is one of the lost arts.
[iJ^^^iS^^I l4 is a blessing that we' do not know
how those interested figure on what 'will becoming to
them when we are dead.
Little Japs! Ain't they "sassy" little things?
The man who takes a woman to his heart often wishes
he had taken her somewhere else.
People who think themselves martyrs often fail to see
lhat they are just blooming luckj* ,
After a man gives up his. freedom he sometimes wishes
he had given up the price- and kept his freedom.
:/«^> .* . ; vl
You can never be sure of a woman until you see her
in her coffin. (Nor of a man cither, for that matter.)
When a price is put on love it never proves to be
worth the price.
* , ,u •
When you give a woman too much liberty you ruin
It's queer how an innocent little "smile" may lead to
a d d tremolo menagerie.
* * * \
A politician is the fellow who tries to make the whole
country believe that. he is the only thing tha^can save
it from going to the demnition bow-wows, v
.". V7-K ,*\ *
The hardest kind of work is to try to listen to some
people talk.
\ . : ."""V* *.--' ¦ ¦ "
Never ask a man how he makes his money; you may
embarrass him.
* * *
When a politician limbers up his blowpipe, you can
never be quite sure whether it's a megaphone on~a jag,
or just a plain gas explosion.
* * '*T'
If you will try to climb to the top of the ladder, be
careful not to tumble off, or make yourself ridiculous.
Newspaper records of juvenile precocity make it sad
to remember that the old-fashioned spanking was out
classed by the dime novel.
* * * •
When people get too strenuous in their efforts to
make both ends meet they arc apt to sprain their
When a fellow boasts of his honesty there's no telling „
how he manages to pay his debts. .
k / — \ a NCE upon a time there was a prize
J^Jp^H^i^ package of the masculine persuasion
i s§P#^*^i»\ w * 10 came when . you called him
''llv-* i\^Mf Charles. The greater part of Charles'
r'C-^J • -Sjyffi j time was spent in opening letters with
[es^^saes^BS a white rose scent hanging about them
and in arranging the photographs on his bureau. All
that he had to do to put the- other men out of the run
ning was to walk into'the room and hang out his best
quality of expansive smile and the trick was done. In
every particular he was the only and original glass of
fashion and mold of form and his regular sartorial lay
out was calculated to make a tailor's model pull down
the blinds and take refuge behind the bankruptcy act.
It was a matter of common knowledge that Charles
could have had any girl in town f?r the asking and in
the majority of cases he wouldn't have had to do more
than emit a gentle hint. As it was he had to carry
a long pole around with him to keep the applicants at
a distance. The preacher who could get Charles to air
his voice in the choir loft every Sunday morning had
his fortune made forthwith. All the young ladies in
town immediately decided that the brand of spiritual
food served up at that place .was just the thing that
they had been hungering and thirsting for, and flocked
to the place in a body, if not in the spirit. If Charles
could have hired himself out as a sandwich man to the
manufacturer of a health food there is no doubt that
that manufacturer could have retired from business and
built a house in the country inside of a year.
But Charles, like many other charmers, was a heart
less trifler. Many a time and oft, if not a little oftener,
he had brought down some gay butterfly of fashion to
his feet and then gone off to leave the poor creature to
writhe in helpless agony. The Society for the Preven
tion of Cruelty to Debutantes had often considered .him,
but they didn't seem to be able to get enough .evidence
together to make out a case against him. The fact of
the matter was that Charles could no more help being
charming than a trust can help being watered; it was
the nature of the creature. If he had painted his face,
or bought a large block of stock in the Thistledown
Trust, or announced that he had voted the Democratic
' ticket all his life, or done something else . equally in
vidious to remove the soft bloom from* his youthful
r cheek, he might have been able to avoid the evil conse
quences that seemed inevitably to attend his progress
through this world of care and hard luck, but as long
as he remained as Providence and his tailor made him
he seemed destined to wade through a sea of broken
hearts to the richest heiress in sight,
j As is natural in such cases there were many false
alarms. At one time it was announced by his diligent
press agent that he had been caught in the net of an
heiress from Texas who had more money than some
people have ways of spending it, but it turned out that
Charles had detected the young lady in the act of eating
pie with a knife and that settled her case. Another
aspiring huntress with a large block of mining stock, iri
a real mine, had him almost at the tape ready -for the
starter when she incautiously said "have went." That
was about all for her. She confessed judgment and the
court issued an execution without a dissenting voice.
These few mishaps would have been likely to give
pause to the other representatives of the sex who were,
still in the field, were it not that, hope springs rather
more eternally in the feminine breast than "anywhere
else. As fast as one fell out of the ranks, sorely wpund
ed, another stepped forward to take the stricken one's
place and the onward . march on the cardiac bastions of
the redoubtable Charles continued. A -girl; from the
sunny south where the accent dieth not and the historical
novel is not quenched led a : forlorn hope only to die in
_the trenches when Charles discovered that she was not
entirely pleased with his taste in neckties and wouid
probably insist on buying them for_ him after the fatal
knot should have been tied. •
What Charles wanted, he often declared, was a wife
whose soul should be attuned to his in perfect accord.
Properly tuned souls are rare in these strenuous days
and many a man has to be content with one that can
strike the proper chord once in a while, in addition to
darning* socks and making buckwheat cakes. But
Charles was no cheap Imitation Russia leather article
himself and nothing less. than a"soul that was approved
by the best judges in the market would suit him.
One girl who came so near to filling the bill that she
could almost hear the wedding bells in the dim distance
was thrown into the discard because she wasn't on
familiar speaking terms with the broad "a." This in
Charles's eyes was proof positive of a vulgar origin, and
if there was anything that Charles' sensitive soul shied
at it was; vulgarity. Another young lady had her mouth
wide open ready to yell "yes" when it was disclosed
to. the horrified eyes of the fastidious Charles that hei
collar was not real lace. More vulgarity 1 His sou'
withdrew within itself and shuddered an extra shuddei
at. its narrow escape. To be yoked for life to a being
who could stoop to the depths of wearing an imitatior
lace;- collar! • Could anything be more repugnant to j
man whose nature was cast in a genuinely sensitiv*
mold? *
It was beginning to look to the grand stand a;
though Charles had a fighting chance to spend the res
of his days in singleness and alone unless an angel o
You have to handle some "people with kid gloves,
others with boxing gloves, others with bare fists and
the rest with an old-fashioned ax handle.
* ? • .
An actress is frequently the lady who seesaws be
tween matrimony and alimony.
v v i7'-- * * *
A -scolding wife is the best possible inspiration for
the man who writes the newspaper funny stories.
* "*.•/
The woman who thinks. her husband hasn't a bit of
sense .often makes a big play for the old man's dollars.
The simpering dudelet in white flannels and the pugi
listic lady in a sweater will soon be among the harrow
ing sight of seaside hotel piazzas.
* * *
A year of matrimony often gives poor little Cupid a
bad case of painter's colic. But even poor Matrimony
may not be as bad as it is painted.
There 'is not much satisfaction in the possession of a
few millions when nagged by a peevish digestion.
* ? *
Love is mighty sweet, but money is the business end
of matrimony.
If we tear the bandage from Cupid's eyes we mast not
growl if we see too much.
?}~^y.': ¦* * *
The good- fellow 'is rarely on good terms with- his
* ? ?
The woman with a tobasco disposition, a bard cider
flow- of language and an all-pervading air of unripe per
simmons makes a man willing to swear — that divorce*
were made in heaven.
A dyspeptic man feels positively insulted when he sees
his wife enjoy a good dinner. (With corn on the cob.)
If you start on a down grade trolley every one will
grease the incline to 'make sure that you go to the very
A well regulated prosperity bluff is often an open
sesame to the real thing. The world is very chilly and
suspicious of pauperism.
: :'•' * ? *
. It's a wise gentleman who cherishes his mother-in-law.
/ * * *
When a boy gets too good watch him and give him
a dose of- liver pills.
'' - . * ? * *
Alimony — the grass widow's mite.
* ? *
When a man indulges too freely has he soaked his
r contrition
God himself controls the patent right of love's first
kiss.
FABLE FOR
THE FOOLISH
light should be sent straight from the place -where
such angels come from for the express purpose of fore
closing a first lien on his affections. When things were
at their blackest Charles decided that he was in need
of a typewriter. The young lady who answered his
advertisement was about as attractive as an icecream
soda iri January, but she knew her business and there
wasn't any grass growing on the keys when she was
around. Also she knew a whole lot about men and was
aware that the best way to get around the alleged
stronger sex was to let it have its own way, on paper,
and to sec that the question never came to a vote.
Therefore, when Charles brought his soul out of its
cage and exhibited it to her one day, she put on a look
of admiring amazement and solemnly assured him that
in all her travels she had never seen a soul that could
touch his for all around performances. Following up ,
this lead she permitted him to think that his taste in
matters of dress was about the best that had ever come
down the pike and that what he didn't know about
everything in general wasn't worth any one else's while
to try to learn. In this way she very soon convinced
Charles that she was a woman of rare discernment and
that what she lacked in beauty of her own she made up
in ability to appreciate his. The other girls had made
the mistake of supposing that the way to impress a man
is to show their own charms; the typewriter knew that
the proper plan of procedure is to be impressed with the
man as often as he seems to expect it.
As a result it wasn't two months before the wedding,
bells were ringing and Charles was safely landed. The
typewriter used English that would have disgraced an
applicant for admission to college and her style of
dress would have made her unpopular in an old ladies'
home, but she landed Charles good and hard with all
his goods ,and chattels and other material comforts
thereunto appertaining. One might think that Charles
found out his mistake iri due course, but as a matter of
fact he' boasts so much about his wife's superior quali
ties that the men go around the other way of the block
w hen they see him coming. It is likely that her soul
has never been turned at all, but to Charles' ear it is the
only one in the orchestra that is anything like the real
thing.
People, who dote on morals and such things can prob
ably discover from this scattered heap of English that
the reason that so many men go through the woods and
pick out a crooked stick at the other side is thac a
crooked stick is just the kind they need.
(Copyright, 1903, by Albert Britt.)
WHY IS A
WEDDING?What shall be said conc.rning the
bad habits which have already become
fixed in children? If. habits have been
growing stronger and stronger for
years It Is folly to expect that they can
be completely changed In a short time-
This is no easy undertaking. Habits
can be broken only in the same way
that they have been acquired; and that
'is by practice. Those whj? have strong
will power we may help to succeed in
escaping fromrthe bondage of habits
quickly. With others we must be pre
pared to labor hard and lone
By strong resolution; by careful
watching. lest the old 4 habit assert It
self; by determined fighting against
the tendency to do that which is
wrong; by avoiding thoughts, persons
and places which ace tie cause of the
temptation; by keeping busy all the
time; and, when possible, performing
acts the opposite of the habit to be
broken; by never becoming dlscour
aged. Thus, and only thus, can any
habit, when once firmly. e-'ibHshed. be
replaced by a better ose.
How Habits May Be Chan^ed.
"She was sold -as unseaworthy In
Honolulu. But before that I weathered
a white squall with her in the tropics.
"That's the kind of experience that a
'man ~ never forgets. squalls are
as sudden as a flash of lightning., so
quick that you don't know what's hap
pened before it's all over. The ship was
lying at anchor in a tropical ' water
whenthe burst of wind struck her arid
she was 'capsized. The water burst in
through her cabin portholes.
to fall overboard one morning and the
men were all bliad to the fact, looking
everywhere except in the direction of
the drowning man. The ship went on to
Honolulu, reported the man lost, and
the whole crew was cheerful again
when in walked the mate. They had
left him swimming In midocean— was
this* his ghost?.
The mate seized a handspike and laid
about him. The sailors fled in as many
directions as there were men, but every
one of them was captured.
..-..-.--¦ ¦ . , s
"I saw them when they reached San
Francisco." says Sonnichsan. , "and
there wasn't one of them that didn't
leave the vessel in the hospital launch.
Pedersen was a terror. There must be
plenty of San Franciscans that remem
ber him."
•'What ever became of the old Don
Adolfo?"" ¦-¦ - r^vV:
It was as near savagery as Sonnich
sen could get, therefore he was happier
than at any other time, except during
those days when he rode the Pacific
in the Don Adolfo and saw wonderful
happenings that he promised himself to
weave one day into a book. It was on
his first sea trip, while he was 16, that
he saw the. Incident of Pedersen's re
venge, which is now. stored away. in a
little yarn called "The Saga of Trig
Olafsen." . •
Pedersen was the' bucko mate of a
ship bound from Australia, and he was
cordially " hated by the .men .of
Glory of the Seas, as the ship was
named. The mate was obliging enough
So he picked up then one of the
friends of his life, a Cherokee boy,
and the two congenial spirits started
off according to their own fashion and
their own hearts. They took no tent
and they cooked by whatever sort of a
fire they could make in the woods of
Sonoma County and they • wore only
such garb as necessity demanded and
they trapped and killed and sold their
prey to the ranchers near by. When
the rains drenched them they sought
shelter at some ranch, but they hied
back to the woods as soon as they
could in safety. They sold coon skins
and deer skins and they lived on the
meat of what they killed. .
The murder of a bucko mate oc
curred on the ship he was on and the
story of it was told him next day by
the murderer.
It -was a horrible thing.* The sailor
was a sworn enemy of the mate, for
no good or obvious reason, and the ex
planation that he made to Sonnichsen
was that "he wanted to see how a
bow-legged man would swim." The
mate was absurdly bow-legged and the
sailor was evidently delighted with the
result He rejoiced in the humor of
the situation with the joy. of some
demon. He used a draw bucket to.
stifle the victim's, cries, jamming It
over his head, and he reveled In "the
strange antics of the dying man,
squealing that he looked like a chicken
with its head cut off.
At the end of these adventures So'n
nichsen decided that he was ready to
settle down, and he returned to San
Francisco to take up newspaper work.
"I was on the staff of The Call for
three whole days," he says. "I don't
know what my duties were— I didn't
have time to find out. On the third
day a man said to me, "Want to go to
the 1 Philippines on a transport?' I
said, 'Yes,' and I went to the manager
and resigned my position. /What on
"earth's, the matter?' he asked me. 'I'm
off again.' I told him.'
• -"So I went to the Philippines and
was held 'a prisoner for ten months.
During' part * of that time I ; almost
starved. Once , I went for three days
without food. With a friend I was ac
cused of being a spy . and the two of
"We men thought that the last day
had come for us. We were hurled
against each other. Men yelled. I re
member being thrown through space
and darkness. Then cam*, the water.
We clung to anything we could cling
fo, and the waves were lashing us and
they were angry. All of a sudden the
old ship did the queerest thing. She
righted herself like a worm that turns,
as much as to say, 'I've stoo*l enough
of the impudence of this storm,' and
we found everything right tide up with
care again.
"That was one of the seventeen times
I've missed drowning. 1. don't call it a
miss unless I am near enough the real
thing to remember that little old Chero
kee p'artner of mine and want to be
back in the woods with him. It's a
queer thing, isn't It? Those days come
into my head whenever I'm about to
die. I always think all in one instant
of the time I shot him. taking his mo
tion in the leaves for that of an anUnal.
He pulled through all right. It would
have^been a sorry day for me If he
hadn't."
He tells these tales and many more
in the same matter-of-course way that
you might tell of a stroll or a day's
shopping. He lay at death's door in a
miserably, equipped hospital. He hid In
bushes and swam dangerous streams to
avoid detection by natives. ".. :-> '•'
Besides all these experiences in the
Pacific and the Philippines, he has
sailed the seas of the world. He was
the only American that ever sailed In
an argosy. It was an old steamer
bought by merchants in Russia, and a
crew was shipped in • England. Son
nichsen sailed in the midst of a Babel,
for no two men aboard were* of the
same nationality, j. _
"And I've pulled through it all. yon
see," he said. , "I suppose I'll always
pull through. And I have turned up in
civilization again."
"Will you al-rp — turn up in civiliza
tion?"
He listened a moment to the consol
idated roar of the "L" trains and the
surface cars and the wagons and the
automobiles and . the subway blastings
and again he made the motion of push
ing it all away. But he did not answer.
Sonnichsen still refuses to look upon
New York as home, even though hi3
work has made it necessary for him to
live here part of the time. But he con
siders himself a prisoner In a New York
"compartment," where he boards, and
frets for the outdoor life that he has
never really given up. Just now he
has a little studio in an apartment
house ; near the . park, and he*, may be
found in all kinds of weather tramping
'uo and down the loneliest stretches of
us" were thrown into a filthy cell at
Malolos with more than twenty
wretched criminals.
"I know how it feels to be con
demned to death. This young Amer
ican and I had our death sentence
passed. "We were then thrown tato
separate cells and allowed to wait four
days, each of us alone, to think the
matter over. It's an odd thing that all
the horror of It came to me at first
and steadily dulled, so that the last
night I slept excellently and woke in
good spirits, ready to die a dramatic
death. I became very much inter
ested In wondering how I would be
have when led out to be shot. I
seemed to get outside myself, as if I
were thinking of another man.
"We waited through the fourth day
and nothing happened. We never knew
the real inside of the matter, but for
some reason the "insurgents thought
better of their plan.
"Lieutenant Glllmore gave me a ciph
er message which I carried In the hol
low of my bamboo stick for many miles,
being discovered on the way by bolo
men and chased by them through the
jungles. I was from the 13th to the
26th of November In reaching the offi
cers of the Oregon with the message,
but the terrible journey was over at
last."
Jose and I liked the simple life there,
but I missed the water and the sailors.
The best I could do was to read every
sea story I could find in the library. I
didn't approve of them."
"These stories are not true to life," I
said, picking to pieces Marryat and
Cooper and the rest of the lot.
"Then it came into my head to write
some of my own. As soon as I had
thought of it I knew that I'd never rest
until it was accomplished. To this end
I determined to go to sea myself.
"But you mustn't think that all was
plain sailing at home, for it wasn't by
any manner of means. My father
heartily disapproved of my even think
ing of writing and even to this day
laughs with scorn when publishers
couple my name with such men as
Conan Doyle. He not only thinks but
says it is utter nonsense.
"And my trip to sea and my captiv
ity was a great sorrow and worry to
both of my parents, but somehow I
couldn't help it. The sea called and I
went to her."
It was a primitive way to prepare to
write, was it not — to try to know
what one is writing about. In this age
ot smatterings and superficialities,
when books are turned out by the
cord and the author of a Roman novel
writes It in his study in Boston or New
York. It was a primitively direct thing
to do — to learn the sea for the sake
of being its true interpreter. .
When .the idea entered his head he
was. too young as yet to make a voy
age. So he contented himself for the
time with getting out magazines,
which he printed entirely on his own
little hand press. These contained
thrilling sea tales that he had heard
or invented.
"Hardly had he uttered the last
¦word when the pirate captain drew a
small, sharp dagger and was about to
plunge it into the boatswain's heart,
when Campbell kicked it out of his
hand. While stooping, to pick it up
the pirate sprang upon his back.
"Twisting his arm around he stab
bed'the rascal in the breast, who with
a groan relaxed his hold and fell to
the floor."
This is a specimen of one of the
palpitating tales that appeared in se
rial form in Excelsior, which you may
not know was being published In San
Francisco in 1891, when its editor
was 12.
He went to school in Oakland. Some
Oakland boys were going camping and
wanted Sonnichsen to join them, but
he did not like their "way of living the
out of doors life. ;^, V,.:
"They had tents and complete cook
ing" outfits." this young savage told
me, scornfully.
"I should say so. I knew every ship
along the water front from the time I
was big enough to walk alone," he told
me. "I lived among those old vessels
and their crews. The men all knew me.
'Where's the kid?* they'd ask as soon
as they were in port.
"For awhile my family lived In P»n
"I'm a heimweh patient myself since
three months ago," said I. "I wish I
knew myself. Let's wire and find out."
He was in the midst of one of the
c:sgest, most swirling offices in the
heart cf this biggest, most swirling
city. On« great roar surges in at the
window— «, roar that not even a chem
ist could separate into its component
parts of wagons and "L" trains and
surface cars and automobiles and sub
way blastings. He raised a strong,
characterful hand toward the window
as if to push the noise away.
'I want to hear the waves of my old
Pacific," he laid.
Instead of the creaking of cordage
and the twash of the great waves he
listens to telephones and bells and buz
zers and human clatter. He Is in one
of the cfSces where goods for reading
ere turned out as fast as shoes and
ginghams are turned out in Massachu
setts factories. Literary New York has
gobbled him as It has gobbled many
another -who came here with the buoy
ant freshness and optimism of the
West New York is tired and wants
the young thing and the keen thing to
entertain her. So no -wonder she saw'
Albert Sonnichsen with delight when
he came here redolent with the salt
air of the Pacific and tingling with the
life cf his mother ocean.
"You were bom in San Francisco?"
I aeked him.
NEW YORK. March 2.
*¦» *» ERE in the maelstrom of
I \ Greater New York I have come
I I upon a California^ who wants
to set back to his -woods and
his forests and his seas. And New
York won't let him.
"A nev. - lion," New York says, and
fondles him and offers the lion tea and
a wafer.
"I'd rather be back with my little
old Cherokee partner eating venison
and selling th** skin of it." says this
wanderer in Manhattan.
"But New York— with its fascina
tion." is entering the protest.
"It's the life simple that pays for
the living-." says Albert Sonnichsen.
Do you remember him out there?
What did you think about him? Did
jou think he was just an everyday boy
like all the rest of the boys you knew?
Did it ever occur to you that while
you were not noticing him particularly
be was noticing all cf you and weav
ing ycu into his local color scheme with
which he would one day dazzle this
big city?
Nov.- he has come upon New York
with his "Deep Sea Vagabonds" and a
eerie* of sea tales that he picked up
¦while he was In the «West— loafing
B.!cr.g San Francisco's picturesque
water front and hearing her old tars
epin their sea-going yarns. Better yet.
he lived some of his sea stories later
on when he shipped as a sailor for the
cake of learning the theme he wanted
to write en. The thrills of his tales
are not the thrills invented by the
cheap manufacturer of fiction; they are
real to the reader because they are real
to the writer.
"Are you from California?" He fairly
sprang upon me. "Tell me about it—
Quick. Is the water front in the -same
c!d place and Is that old stevedore —
and the sailors* boarding-house — and
Is there any shanghaiing going on
row — and — "
By Sarah ComstocK.
This Is the studio In the -woods that
he loves. He paints and writes while
he Is up there — he says it Is enough to
inspire any one. He goes sailing and
fishing— deep sea fishing Is the only
kind that interests hirrir He has a
splendid scorn for the sort of man that
does not care for an outdoor life.
"The men of brains have, almost
without exception, been the men of
muscle," is one of his theories. "Mental
vigor goes hand in hand with physical."
His favorite pastime is tramping. He
would rather •walk thirty miles in a
day than do anything else. Hs has
been known to miss a meal for the sake
of a good walk.
As for what he thinks about girls,
he says there is no girl In the world
like the "Western one, and he ha* cer
tainly seen enough of the world to be
a judge. "I admire all kinds of accom
plishments," he says, "but I admire the
ability to handle a gun as much as
anything else— and that's what the
Western girl can do."
When hl3 first bock came out h« was
caught up by society and he has been
called upon to serve as lion ever since.
Mrs. Schuyler Van Rensselaer enter
tained him, and he was feted at Boston
clubs. But all this means nothing to
him compared with the happiness of a
day up at the cabin.
His memories of San Francisco be
long largely to the old consulate out at
Seventeenth and Howard streets, where
he was born. Nicholas Sonntchsen, his
father, was Consul for Sweden, Norway
and Denmark, and the boy was born
under the flags of those countries. Hs
is literally a man without a country.
for the fact that those flags flew over
h!s head prevented him from bein? an
American citizen and the fact that
there were three of them prevented his
being accredited to any one of those
nations. So. although he calls himself
an American, he would have a hard
time to prove It— and the world is a
small enough country for him to claim
after all his rovtags which have nar
rowed it so wonderfully.
But his real home nowadays Is the
little cabin up at Pearl River. It Is in
beautiful Rockland County, New Tork.
and here he spends all the time that he
can get away from the office. He often
takes his stories up there' to writ*.
The cabin belongs to Albert Ballln.
the famous deaf mute painter. Sonnich
sen and he and Mrs. BaJIin have some
times occupied it together. Sometimes
Sonnichsen has taken It alone and
"bached it."
His studio is simple enough — merely
a workshop to him. Its treasure house
i3 hi3 bookshelf, where a history of the
world and some works of his favorite
Defoe and a scattered collection of -oth
er authors are to be found-
the park, puffing away on cne of the
big cigars that his Filipino wife taught
him to love, or on the queer, high
bowled pipe— the kind which, he says.
"Oon Paul and I smoke.** Now and
then he is to be found sketching, for he
has always had a sneaking fondness
for his bruih.
"The Wave THat
Gave Up Its Prey."
?
The first of a
series of f -ill-page
stories fay tKis
(g-Icnted young
au'thcrwiil appear
in the
Nesst Sunday Call. |
THE "SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALLY
13
HOW LITERARY NEW YORK HAS CAPTURED
A CALIFORNIA BOY*yi S before indicated, training
f I means the formation of habits. ¦
I I Other animals learn by Instinct;
J[ man only by practice. He is
therefore said to be but a bundle
of habits. A person's character is de
termined by the character of the habits
of which the bundle is composed. It is .
represented by the sum of our good and
bad habits. If we were not creatures
of habit we could make but little If
any progress, as all our time and at
tention would have to be given to the
simplest functions of body and mind.
Good habits are the result of the
repetition of right actions; bad habits
the result of wrong actions. The 'child i
who gets into the habit of doing what
is right because it Is right, , will not •
only be a good child, but will almost
certainly develop into a noble man" or',
woman. The opposite^ is also true. * ¦
Habits not only determine the mental r
and physical action, but also the moral '
as well. More than this, to a large
extent they warp the conscience, that
divine guide which is. the highest au
thority given to man.
Very few fully appreciate the Im
portance of .correct habits. No one
who does not appreciate • the power • of
habit Is fitted to train a child. It Is
not merely second nature, It - is far
stronger than nature itself. Dr. Mauds
ley, in his psychology of mind,' em
phasizes the effect and : importance ' of
habit as follows: "If any act became
no easier after being done . several
times, if the careful direction ' of con- v
sciousness were necessary 'tO; : its ac-*
complishment on each occasion, it . is
evident that the whole activity of a
lifetime might be confined to one or
two deeds — that no progress could take
place In development ; A man might be
occupied, all : day. In \ dressing and - un
dressing himself; the attitude ' of his .
body would absorb all his attention and
energy; the washing of ' his hands i or
the fastening of a button would be as
difficult to him on each occasion as to
the child on its .first trial; , and he
would, furthermorv be completely ex
hausted by his exertions. Think of the
pains , necessary ' to ; ; teach a . child- to
stand, of the many efforts which -it
must, make, and of the ease with which
it* at last ' stands, unconscious * of any
effort',' .
Even though we may -begin to appre
ciate the } importance of habit j In j the
life- of., the- individual,, few -have any
conception of the, influence which the
habits" of individuals have upon the
prosperity and] even the very life of
government ; Seldom, if ; ever, - has this
been\betterV stated than by/ James, in
his . latest: psychology, j Speaking upon
this, point, he says: "Habit is thus the
enormous s flywheel of society, fits ; most
precious \ conservative agent \ It * alone
is what keeps us all within the bounds
of ordinance, and saves the children of
fortune from the envious uprisings of
the poor. It alone prevents the hardest
and most repulsive walks of life from
being deserted by those brought up to
tread therein. ; It keeps the fisherman
and the deckhand at sea . through the
winter; l£ holds the miner in his dark
ness, and . nails the J countryman • to | his
log cabin and his lonely farm through
all the months of snow; it protects us
from invasion: by the natives of the
desert and the frozen zone. It dooms us
all to fight ; out - the ¦ battle of ¦ life upon
the , lines /of ] our nature or . our . early
choice, and .to make the best of. a pur
suit that disagrees, because there is no
other for which ' we' are fitted, and it is
too late to" begin again." ¦
The'same writer has said, "The hell
to ' be I endured hereafter, of . which the
ology ,tells, is no worse than the hell we
make' for ourselves ;in'£ this > world by
habitually fashioning our characters in
the wrong way. Could the young ' but
realize how soon* they will become mere
walking bundles of habits they would
give more heed to their conduct while in
the plastic state. We are spinning our
own fates, good or evil, and never to be
undone. Every smallest stroke of vir
tue or vfee leaves its never so little
scar. The drunken Rip Van Winkle, in
Jefferson's , play, excuses himself for
every fresh dereliction by saying, 'I
won't count this time.' Well, he may
not count it. and a kind heaven may
not count it, but it Is to be counted none
the less. Down among the nerve cells
and fibers the molecules are counting
it, registering and storing it up to be
used against him when the next temp
tation comes. Nothing we ever do is,
in strict scientific llteralness, wiped out.
Of course this has its good side as well
as its bad one. As we become perma
nent drunkards . by • so , many separate
drinks, so we become saints In the
moral and authorities and experts in
the practical and scientific spheres by
bo many separate-acts and hours of
work." -
music but that"
The Gregorian chant dates from the
year 590, when it was arranged ,Jor
church service by Gregory I, one of the
most famous and brilliant of the Popes,
who has been surnamed the great.
There were sixteen Popes who were
known as Gregory,' and of them two,
the author of the chant and Hilde
brand, who brought Henry of Germany
barefooted and penitent to Canossa to
hold his stlrniD as he mounted his
horse, have been designated as great.
Even as long ago as the close of the
sixth century there was a tendency to
introduce theatrical music at church
services and to give undue prominence
to the musical part of the ceremony, so
Gregory, taking the Ambrosian chant,
then in general use in the western
church, founded on. it his style, banish
ing, from the church all rhymetlcal
singing. He founded a school for the
teaching of his chant, and for several
centuries the Schola Cantoriurn was a
famous musical Institution. \
But the tendency to drift into elab
orate music showed j itself so strbngly
In the fourteenth century, that Pope
John XXII issued a • bull restraining
musicians and singers from the lengths
to which they had gone and recalling
them again to the* use of the earlier
Gregorian chant. Two hundred years
later, • on the recommendation )jf <~the
council of Trent, In 1576, Gregory XIII
again insisted on a reform in church
music and the use of the chant; and
once more the successor of John and
the Gregories indorses and repeats their
admonitions and directions.
The Gregorian^ chant Is. of a slow, and
solemn measure, and any one. who has
visited* a Catholic church for .vespers
or the evening service has probably
heard it, and also at some parts of the
mass.
Pope Pius X directs that only Latin
shall be sung at solemn liturgical func
tions, and forbids any undue repeti-
tlon of ' the words of the • text, . any
breaking of syllables or inversion of
words," or separating: any- part of the
mass Into separate pieces in such a
way as. that: each of such pieces may
form a j complete composition in itself
and be capable of -being detached from
the re"st and substituted by another. In
other words, "the Pope does not approve
of the same airs and style: of music be
ing used for a - ballet dance \ Saturday
evening at the opera and for a solemn
religious ceremony the following morn
ing in ' the church. People! therefore,
who go . to . both the opera and the
church will not be led to imagine the
scenes i they have seen at the former
while sitting in the latter, as not infre
quently, happens at present-
As ' It frequently happens that the
choir is so "elaborate with its muslo
that the religious ceremony proper Is
entirely lost sight of, the Pope directs
that the . singing; shall be cut • down so
as not .to keep the clergyman waiting
until it has got through with its
flourishes. He also forbids all bands In
churches and banishes pianos absolute
ly from --religious, worship. Orchestras
when allowed- • on special occasions
must play only solemn music suitable
to accompany the organ. The result
of these regulations will be to consid
erably cut short the length of the serv
ice while greatly Increasing its solem
nity.
The Pope says that as the singers,
even when they are laymen, are really
taking the place of the "ecclesiastical
choir formerly employed * in all
churches, therefore women, as being
incapable of exercising such office, can
not be admitted to form part of the
choir or of the. musical chapel. When
ever,'then, It Is desired to employ tho
acute voices of sopranos and contral
tos these parts must be taken by boys,
according, to the most ancient usage of
the church. .. .-
Finally he directs that "only those
are to be admitted to form part
of the musical chapel of a church who
are men of known piety and probity
of life, and these should by their mod
est and devout bearing during the litur
gical functions show that they are
worthy of the holy office they exer
cise. It will also be fitting that sing
ers while singing in church wear the
ecclesiastical habit and surplice, and
that they be hidden behind gratings
when the choir Is excessively open to
public ga2e."
To carry out the return to tba Gre
gorian chant of early days special com
missioners are to be appointed by the
bishops to see ( that the churches con
form to the Pope's directions; and ec
clesiastical students preparing for the
prlesthopd are to be especially trained
In the chant and the solemn style of
church music.
Of course it will take some time be
fore all these regulations j and direc
tions of the Pope can be carried out.
though fn many parts of th» East
male choirs havo Ions been th» rnla.
In this city male choirs slngr the ves
pers at the Cathedral. St. Ignatius and
other Catholic churches, though, often
parts of the services are sung In very
elaborate style, which will now hava to
be discontinued. Tha choirs are to be
come a far less important part of th«
service than they have been, which, la
exactly what the Pope purposes. Of
course. In the smaller towns and Til
lages It will probably bo found imprac
ticable to have all male choirs, and
women will be retained, although th»
style of music will have to conform
to the Gregorian; as a result of this
reform by the Pope people who et> to
Catholic churches to hear the muslo
will in future probably stay at home.
The Pope himself is so determined to*
have his views carried out that In Roma
he has supplemented his bull by a spe
cial letter to his Cardinal Vicar direct
ing him to carry out the changes re
commended at once In order that Romi
may set an example In the reform to
the rest of the world.
It was said that Archbishop Farley
of New York had gone to Rome to
protest on the part and In the name of
the American Bishops against the rule
excluding women from choirs. The
rumor, however, is positively denied
and It is said the Archbishop of New
York has no such purpose in visiting
the Pope, but on the contrary he
strongly favors the bull and for years
male cholra and Gregorian chants have
been the rule so far as possible in his
diocese as they are In Baltimore under
Cardinal Gibbons.
Under any circumstances the local
Archbishop or Bishop Is charged with
putting the Pope's directions into force
and of course can use his discretion
as to 'time and methods of carrying
them out, though undoubtedly there
will be as little delay in the matter as
possible. Archbishop Klordan, conse
quently, will decide on the course he
will take for this archdiocese. Bishop
Conaty for Los Angeles and Bishop
Grace for and the north
and they may all have different ideas
and pursue different methods in com
plying with the Pope's wishes.
PROTESTANTS as well as Cath
olics will be interested in the
recent bull of the Pope direct
ing a radical reform in church
music. Only the other day the Presby
terians at their conference of the
alumni of the San Francisco Theo
logical Seminary at Saint Anselmo dis
cussed this very subject and agreed
unanimously that church music
should be "stately and dignified," and
that theatrical airs and sentimental
tunes have no place in a religious ser
vice. The Episcopalians have the
same view and have encouraged the
idea by establishing male choirs in
which boys take the part usually suns
by women. And now comes the Pope
and in a lengthy letter on the subject
declares that the great religious or
ganization of which he is head must
return to the solemn and impressive
Gregorian chant of ita earlier days.
and must banish fancy singing and
female voices from ita choirs.
In his bull, entitled (from the first
two words) "Mortu Proprio," the Pope
points out that a great departure has
taken place from the Intention of the
church in authorizing the use of mu
sic at services, which was to supple
ment, not supplant, the religious cere
monies, and to add additional solem
nity to the occasion. His Holiness re
marks that when the music is very
elaborate and theatrical It distracts
the attention of the worshipers, leads
their thoughts away from the religious
ceremonies belns peitformed at the
altar, delays the priest in the "per
formance of his functions and has.
therefore. Just the opposite tendency
from what Is intended by the church
in permitting its use. —The qualities
that church music should possess, he
say*. £re possessed In the highest de
gree by the Gregorian chant- and,
therefore, he directs that the chant
"be largely restored to the function of
public worship and • everybody must
take for certain that an ecclesiastical
function loses nothing of its solemnity
when it is accompanied by no other
POPE'S BULL AGAINST THEATRICAL AIRS IN CHURCH
that some 50 per cent of the lads from
certain British towns who annually of
fer themselves for service in the British
navy have to be rejected by the" re
cruiters on the spot for similar reasons,
and that the services of a further 25 per
cent are declined owing to the discov
ery of more obscure physical disabili
ties when the lads have reached head
quarters.
Our Recruits.
It cannot be denied that these facts
point to a most serious condition of af
fairs, threatening the very foundations
of British social, commercial and na
tional life. ' • / 1.-<
cent of the men who offer themselves?
Let- it also be remembered that these
are volunteers,, and presumably there
fore men who have been brought up in
comparatively well-to-do homes fn Bir
mingham.' as these men
would, .not under -.ordinary circum
stances be required to serve in the field
we. 'may reasonably suppose that the
physical tests to ,X^hich they would-be
subjected in" examination woul<Lnot be
as;severe as those 'which the ordinary
recruit ; of 'the" regular army would be
required y.to '.-. undergo. Furthermore,
from r information which the writer of
this article lately obtained it appears
on the of the nation .which '*, is
daily taking placel If lt~ be questioned
whether," It ,be a fact, that the British
people' are deteriorating in physique!
how comes it; as has often been stated
In the public press without contradic
tion, thatduring the war in South Af
rica out of 11.000'meni'who offered! them-'
selves .from' Manchester for.the r army
only 3000 could be accepted as recruits
owing to physical defects, > knd that of
these 3000 a only 1000 were found to be/fit
to be sent abroad to fight, the battles of
their country?- How, comes it "that the
colonel'? of j the Birmingham- volunteers
has lately stated j in pufclic - that on ac-'
count of similar, bodily defects;, he : is
obliged": to ) reject- annually some' 32 ; per
way as; to develop tneiry pomes, to ren
der them capable of enjoying life,' of be
coming useful citizens and of producing
a healthy, generation .to succeed them,
and it will be long , before .their,
elected servants, the -members I of :mu-,
nicipaHties, county councils; and educa
tional: committees, will find : ways; of
putting.' a stop to the lamentable drain>
gences which are harmful to health.
6. The muscles and lungs 4 of chil
dren and their general bearing should
be improved by physical exercise and
drill, and it should berthe'duty^of the
educational authorities , to see .-"that.,
while attending ;*, school, the." children
are properly fed. The authorities should
be empowered also to bring the parents
to account, if they neglect their nat
ural duties. • -.\ V. :/':
"7. The girls should be taught by
housewifery classes .'how to make a
home clean, wholesome, blight and'at
tractive, and as eo many- have to act
as nurses froinflieir earliest years, the
proper way of feeding and tending-in
fants. The ignorance of "many.mar
ried women has wrecked before now the'
physical walfare of their offspring. ; It
is not an uncommon thing to hear, of, a
young mother among the poorier'
•classes giving beer, whisky and gin 'to
infants, and feeding, them on , the same ;
food as she takes herself, long before
the proper time has arrived for wean
ing the children, with the result that"
a quite unnecessarily large percentage
of infants die before they are three
years of age. If the home were made
more attractive, arid ~ the ..food : more,
palatable and nutritious, the men
would rot be tempted to leave- It so
•frequently for the public. house. It cari^J
not be too widely known that there is ;
no nourishment in stimulants, that raw 1
spirits destroy the degestlon, and that'
a man who desires to retain his health
will do well either to entirely-'abstain
from stimulants,' or to take thenvonly
at meals, and then. with the most rigid
moderation. All these ' things should
be taught, and they would be of more
real value to .the children, than,many
lessons they now learn, and which are
prc-mptly forgotten as soon -as they
leave school.
The WorkinsriKin's Part. ..
Such matters are of the utmost im
portance of the working'classes of Great
Britain. They afreet their daily lives
and their personal health, which in the
case of many is their only capital.- "•
Working men and' women should
therefore bestir themselves to see that
these vital questions are carefully con
sidered in their interests by (municipal
and educational authorities. Let it be
once known that the working classes
,are alive to the necessity of their chil
dren being trained in school in such a
The rapidity with which this change
is taking place is hardly realized by
most people. Health is not so jeopar
dized In the country as it is in towns,
and hence men and women who have
to live in cities should study more care
fully how to preserve their health. In
1801 the whole population of England,
Wales and Scotland was only 10,942,000,
whereas now it is 36,998,181. and this '
addition is almost : entirely urban.
Twenty-five years ago only" about half
the population lived In urban districts,
now the proportion is three-quarters,
that is to say, that now three persons
live in an urban to Ene who lives In a
rural district. It is 'a well-known ax-
Jom of hygienic science that the health
of a population, other things being
equal, is in inverse ratio to its density.
In plain English, other things being
equal, a population crowded together
is more unhealthy than one that is
scattered. The British people are be
coming daily more crowded, together,
and hence, unless some steps are taken,
and that soon, to counteract the effects
of undue concentration, the national
health must inevitably saffer.
Some Remedies.
What are the steps which can be
taken? The;' are many and various,
but we may mention a few.
1. Every effort should be made to
counteract all unnecessary increase of
towns, and, when possible, new facto
ries or industries should be established
in and old ones transferred - to the
country.
2. Care should be taken that all
towns should be furnished with a suf- 1
flcient number of. parks.'and especially
with a large number of small play
grounds, fitted with gymnastic appa
ratus and under the charge of care
takers, and so placed that no work
man's house should if possible be more
than a quarter of a mile from such
a ground. .- i
X 3. Children should be taught the
rudiments of hygiene, sanitation and
physiology, ho as to have some slight
knowledge of the causes of disease,
and the means which can be taken to
avoid it.
4. They should, by cookery classes
in schools, be shown how to obtain the
largest amount of nourishment with
the smallest expenditure on food; what
kind. of foods are wholesome; and how
food should be cooked so as to make
it not only palatable but easily digest
ed and consequently nourishing.
5. They should be taught self
restraint in order to learn when they
grow ud how to rule themselves, and
how to place a bridle on their appe*_
tites and passions, and on those indul-
But, Indeed, statistics are not neces
sary. We only require to go into th»
more crowded parts of our large towns
and to use our eyes in order to perceive
how weak, stunted and ill- formed are
many of the young men aj»d young
women who are to be founfl in their
midst.
"It Is somewhat depressing.** said th«
Dally Graphic In a recent issue, "to
learn from good authority that, al
though the British recruit .before th«
late war about equaled the German In
height, his weight, the surer criterion
of physical strength and stamina,- was
considerably less."
The above statement may, indeed. be
characterized a<5 "depressing." 'but 11
It be true it is^weil that 'we should
know it, In order that we may live In
no fool's paradise, but may be able
without loss of time to take effective
-steps to bring about a condition of af
fairs less hurtful to our pride, and
more In keeping with the popular, but
at present fallacious, notion of the
physical superiority of the Briton.
The Royal Commission for Scotland
on Physical Training has borne impor
tant witness to the unsatisfactory
physical state of the Scotch people, and
has suggested remedies which it Is
hoped that the Government and the»
local authorities will not b3 slow In
adopting, but if the condition of tba
people of Scotland be so bad we may
be sure that that of the people of Eng
land and "Wales, of whom over 12.000,
000 are crowded into forty-four cities
with an average population of over
270,000 each, must be still worse.
A Koj-al Commission Required.
As it is of the greatest importance
that nothing should be left to conjec
ture in so Important a matter, the Gov
ernment would be well advised to fol-
Icw the precedent they have set them
selves in the case of Scotland and ap
point a royal commission to inquire
into the physical condition of the peo
ple of England and Wales.
The terms of reference to the Scotch
commission might well be adopted,
mutatis mutendis, as those under which
the English commission might be in
structed to act, namely:
To inquire Into the opportunities for
physical training now available in the
state aided schools and other educa
tional institutions of Scotland and to
suggest means by which such training
may be made to conduce to the wel
fare of the pupils and further how such
opportunities may be increased by con
tinuation classes and otherwise, so as
to develop, in their practical application
to the requirements of life, the faculties
of those who have left the day schools
and thus to contribute toward the
sources of national strength.
In the meantime the people of Great
Britain, and especially the working
classes living in our large cities, who
compose that portion of our population
which Is most directly Interested in
the subject, should bestir themselves
and use all the legitimate Influence
they possess to Impress members o*
Parliament, Corporations. Town and
County Councilors, educational au
thorities and other of the urgent ne
cessity which exists to turn their most
serious attention to matters appertain
ing: to ths health, strength and physical
condition of the people of this conn
try and to take steps to Improve th«
physique of th» British raca.
eMONG eartciy blessings there
is r.cne greater than the posses
fiun of physical health and
strength, but how few there are
th^t S»ve carious thought to the sub
ject. As coon .is we become conscious
ili^t tr.e wheels of the machinery of
life arc running heavily, generally
thr*;u£h oij: own negligence, we rush
¦
Ifl the professions] repairer, or even to
ibe (vdtxrtlxlnff «iur.ck. and are willing
to p.-- Vavlly fvr asrsislrincc which can
only l:o temporary, if we neglect to
:\l:tr the •:aascs which h?.ve occasionsd
:he cviL How n:uch v.iser would it be,
.f. 'ndlvldualiy and collectively, we
svov.M m.ikp a etcdy of the laws which
lead to health or cSteat-e. and. as far
i:s circumstances permit, would regu
:uis our Urea in accbrdanceWith them?
- As a tzaUvn we insist, -nd rishtly in
sist, ihct e.lr children shall bs educated.
We draw u:> codes cf instruction; we
appoint ~:;d pay schoolmasters and
schoolmistresses to impart this knowl
c/isc; we L-pen'J thousands of pounds
:a orJcr that every child, however poor,
may be jjiven a.n equal chance in life;
and yet, how small a part of all this
thought, trouble and expenditure is di
rected toward imparting to children
knowledge which in after years shall
.enable them to understand the laws of
nature and to maintain their own and
their future children's bodies in health
and strength.
More Knowledge — Licss ' Learning.
•What is the good of book learning if
-we are ignorant of the nature of our
own bodies and of those laws which
were intended to make life happy, but
if neglected made it i burden and a
misery?
Whut avails material prosperity, if
either l»y our own fault, or that of our
parents, we are unable, through ill
health, either to enjoy life or to be of
use to our country or our friends?
Let us consider what are the sub
jects, a knowledge of which lead if
properly applied, to an increase 'in
physical health.
Surely such as hygiene, sanitation,
rhysiology, dietetics, cookery and
housewifery. Of course it would bft
foolish to attempt to teach children
more than the mere elements* of some
of these subjects, but the general prin
ciples which underlie the preservation
of .health might well occupy the atten
tion of teachers and scholars for a rea
sonable number of hours in each year.
If we look through the branches of
knowledge studied by our children at
school, how seldom do we come across
any subjects which may be of use to
them in' after years in assisting them
to preserve their bodies in health, and
when these subjects are taught how
thinly attended are the classes? Why
is this?
It is due in a large measure to lack
of teachers qualified to instruct in
these matters, to incapacity at head-
Quarters to understand the real needs
of the people, and In no small degTee
on the ps.rt of the parents to a misap
prehension of the present conditions of
life.
Parents are apt to argue that be
cause they never learned these sub
jects, which in plain English only
mean the study of how best to keep
the body in health, it is unnecessary
for their children to do so. They for
get, however, that the most rapid
transformation In the character of the
British people is taking place before
thetr eyes, that the England of their
youth is not the England we know,
and that the England of ten. twenty
and of thirty years hence will be en
tirely different from the England of to
day. The fact is that the British,
from bavins b?en mainly an agricul
tural, are rapidly becoming an urban
people. In other words, whereas for
merly they lived fn the country, now
they live in the towns.
THE ¦ - SAN • FRANCISCO S UND AY; ¦:¦ CALU
14
THE DETERIORATION OF BRITISH HEALTH
AND
PHYSIQUE
HOW YOU SHOULD STUDY YOUR CHILDREN'S HABITS
By Wm. J. Shear erCt*>yright. 1504." hv Thomas Fitch.
Y OW, incipient mountains, untom
j « ::i their gentle upheaval, melting
j f softly into lesser hills of infinite
variety cf color, bearing count
¦ fs inivrinis of nature's molding hand
r di.-r.plir.s and curves processes,
firs: to capture the eye of the voy
ager as he sails into the beautiful bay
of Honolulu. Seas of beryl, and ambsr.
i orr.eriild, and turquoise breaking
in white foam upon a shore
vLe:e cocoa nalrts lift aloft their
fronded heights and great monkey-pod
t:ees fill ihe air with pink bloom. La
sr<ors t-overed with water iilies-?reat
r;n:E< n £r .d lilac discs of perfume.
rWers and shrubs of every cenceiv
• ¦•- list aad odor, and over all the
royal poncian&s, covered with
tsarlet Cowers, with white bltssoms
: • filing «.n their hearts, and as the du^k
-teils on the arching heavens are lit
ivith burning sunsets— rainbow tinted—
ar.d glowing in gorgeous fretwork, em
i-vrs of glory. It is Monte Carlo with
out the click of the rouleite bail. It
is Lcr.g Branch without the hoctic of
V.'aH street cUnging to its garments.
It is OM Orchard or Mount Desert with
out their chilly nights. It is Coronad-.
or Monterey without their boifterous
breezes. It is not the tropics, because
the t'r.ermorr.eter in seventeen years has
never registered as high as 90 degrees,
and yet it is the tropics because in the
same time the mercury has never
dropped below Z6 degrees. A straw hat
c -' a. felt hat. a linen or a woolen gar
ment are equally in order. There are
no snakes or reptiles or poisonous in
sects. It is the perfection of physical
life. Fitting environments these for
the free-linibod, soft-eyed, liberty-lov
ing natives inhabiting these lovely isl
«*nds of the sea. Fresh Trom the cruci
ble cf nature they come, untrammeled
by the arts of civilized life. Their chil
dren are begotten ar-d born and die as
members of one loving family. They
share thtir little ones as they do their
bread, and the change to Christianity
frorr: idul worship has made but little
difference with them. In spite of mis
sionaries and iconoclasts the Kanakas
retain many of their pristine qualities.
They are nut loyal in our sense of the
void. They pay little attention to a.
promise. They v.iJl sell their votes
eagerly, and cheerfully fail to deliver
th.p poods. Virtue is orcen merely a
name; but the lack of it is no bar sin
ister to good deeds and humane actions.
They are gentle and forgiving and gen
erous, but they are ungrateful to a de
cree almost human.
The Hawaiian moon pours its ra
diance upon broad hotel lanais, crowd
ed with tcrjriEts and residents in even
:r.g dre^s. listening to the sweet har
monies of Hawaiian sir.ger6.
Music to the Hawaiian is the open
tesaire to his sensibilities. If he suf
fers, he moans in musical measures.
If he is sad, he sighs in some minor
cadence. Even his anger leaps to a
parr.ut cf varied utterances like the per
exaptory staccato of a beaten "ukulili."
and his expressions of love or hat*.
cf hope o-r despair, are best interpreted
through his natural medium of rhyth
mical sounds. The original music of
the native is largely traditional. It is
not a science; it is a melody flowing
from the soul, linking itself with kin
dred expressions cf feeling or passion
into chords or harmonies as complete
as ever fell from the pen cf Bach or
Beethoven, while unconscious of cum
bers cr caJ dilation. In their curricu
lum discord is impossible. Theirs is as
veritably the music of nature as the
aggregation of bird song, or the un
spoken throb cf deep night, or the dis
tant hum cf city life Is the keynote to
the universe of sound. Is there any
thing more pitiable than the "aloha"
of poor Liiiuokalani. composing the
ante-raortem of her dead realm, sing-
withdrawn, and the atmosphere about
him would make a cold storage ware
house seem like a hothouse. This la
because the material resources of Ha
waii are Inelastic and cannot be devel
oped or extended, except, on limited
lines. Like the table d'hote dinner of a
French pension, there is enough for
twelve regular guests, but only enough,
and an unexpected addition of a guest
compels each of the others to do with
out a portion cf h!s dinner. The annual:
crop of 40O.0C0 ions of sugar will sell in
New York in good years for $_2l0OO.0OQ.
and in bad year3 for J24,0OO.O<y\ On th;3
foundation there can be sustained an
expenditure of so -much for dividends
to non-resider.ts, so much remitted, to
China and "Japan and Portugal by la
borers,- so much for factors, merchants,
middlemen, mechanics, doctors, law
yers, divines and public officials, and
there is nothing for the "Malahina."
Hi3 bread must be taken out of the
mouth cf the Kamaina, and to this the
Kamaina, impelled by the instinct of
commercial self-preservation, most
strenuously objects. *:»'';
Hawaii has neither iron, nor copper,
nor lead, nor silver, nor gc!d. in her
waters swim no exportable Csi»: en her
hillsides no available timber grews-. Hsr
few ferti'e and irrigable valleys are
tco valuable for sugar to make it pos
sible to raise cereal or vegetable at
a rrofit, and the ravages of bugs and
worms drive most horticulturists into
bankruptcy, except those who 'raise
bananas and pineapples. These latter
grow to perfection, but are too per
ishable to bear transportation to ths
mainland. Flour, potatoes, beans and
salted meats can be landed from Cali
fornia cheaper than they can possibly
be raised on the islands, and even fresh
meats come In co!d storage and com
pete with island beef and mutton. Cof
fee can be grown to- perfection, and
It is the finest Savored coffee in th*
world; but it cannot be raised with
hired labor because, like hops and
grapes and small fruit, it requires a
large amount of labor at certain times,
and planters cannot afford to carry the
labor over the entire year, and there
are no population centers to draw from
at certain seasons.
Possibly the cultivation of sisal and
cacao may change prospects to some
extent; but as conditions now exl3t iio
Industrial development of Hawaii Is
possible except in the direction of su
gar. Against the probability of such.
development there is the possibility, of
Cuban, of Philippine and Porto Rico
competition, and the constant devotion
of larger areas on the mainland to ths
growth c-f the sugar beet.
And with all these factors accounted
for. there remains the ever present and
slowly growing labor famine. We may
reason and moralize, and beg, and
threaten and deny and asseverate, but
at last the undeniable fact remains
that white men cannot or at least will
not labor in the cane fields. Every
steamer to the Orient carries away
some Chinese, and against their re
turn or the Incoming of others in their
places collectors and courts wave the
flaming swerd of. the. exclusion act. At
present Japanese labor is used, but
the Jans are not so - Industrious, so
faithful or so effective as laborers as
the Chinese, and the day is not far
distant when the growing power at tha
labor unions will be turned In the direc
tion of demanding that Chinamen and
Japanese be placed on an. equality of
exclusion.
We may sentimentalize about it as
we will and prate about the fatherhood
of God and the brotherhood of man',
but nevertheless cane sugar never wai
raised, and it Is logical to presume nev
er will be raised, except, by African or
Asiatic labor. The African will not
work in the tropics except under com
pulsion, and if we exclude the Asiatic
from the cane fleld3 by excluding him
from the country, in order to make, a
market for the labor of servant .girls
who won't serve, we down our tropical
possessions to the fate of Jamaica and
the Bermudas.
ized in the Jardin Mabille or the Clos
erie de LJlas In Paris. Imagine a dozen
London concert hall singers acting- as
the choir and singing- "Johnny Comes
"Marching Home" In an Episcopal ca
thedral.: -Imagine' a Salvation Army
captain with a rooster under his arm
and Alkali Jake with a Bible fastened
to his cartridge belt going arm in arm
to a.comblnatlc-n cockfight and prayer
meeting, and you may have some Idea
' of one phase : of conditions In Hono
lulu. ; The old missionary spirit — strong,
unyielding.- for-d ' of power and uncom
promising—still rules In tn«:public af
fairs, in business and in social life. The
adventurc-us Calif ornian who-, cams
here after annexation frets at mission
ary-restraints, and ways, and. finding
opposition and defiance a weary and
profitless* pursuit* sells outChis busi
ness-to the old-timers^ and returns to
. San Francisco.
• The Portuguese, thrifty. Industrious,
living unto • themselves and indifferent
.to American citizenship, which thry
will scarcely take' the. trouble to ac
quire; the. Chinese, patient and very
quiet and gradually returning to China;
the Japanese, proud, aggressive, quar
relsome, Belf-seeking, ambitious and un
reliable — these make up the cosmopol
itan life of the Paradise of the Pacific.
The social life outside of the regular
'American society; is a queer medley.
There "was. before it was oroken up by
private effort, a great bagnio, which
•was practically licensed and under open
police -protection. Among, Its six hun
died Inmates there were Japanese, Chi
nese, Portuguese and French women,
but not a single Hawaiian. And yet
the Hawaiian women do not pretend tu
be strict observers of the moral law.
There are hundreds of households In
which the birth of ths elder children
were entered upon the family record
before the marriage ceremony was per
formed. But ; neither their own visiting
list nor that of their parents was there
by restricted, and in the olden days it
was considered by a husband a dis
tinguished honor to have a chief for
the father of one of his wife's children.
The Hawaiian idea of civic duty was
expressed by an indignant native when
the superintendent of public works
was removed from office by the Gover
nor for having "swiped" public funds
under his control. The defaulter, after
being discovered, replaced the stolen,
money, but his Inexorable excellency"
removed him nevertheless. Thereupon
the native remonstrated against ex- '
ecutlve tyrants and voiced Kanaka
public sentiment when he exclaimed:
"What a shame It was to turn Johnny
out of his office. Didn't he put back
the money?"
"This beautiful dress is for Mrs.
Brown, is it?" said the native wife of a
struggling lawyer in Honolulu to her
dressmaker. "Well, there Is nothing
like the luck of some people. My hus
band is Just as good a lawyer as
Colonel Brown, but he cannot afford to
buy such dresses for me. He has been
here for years and only makes a living,
while Colonel Brown, who has been
here but a few months, jumped into a
big practice at once. You say that he
always wins his cases. Well, of course
he wins his cases, but that is easily ac
counted for. He came down here from
the mainland with a lot of new law
that none of the other lawyers knew
anything about and of course he wins"
his cases with It."
While there. is no distinction on ac
count of race, color, creed or condition
In Hawaii, there is a bar of caste, and
It Is a bar that seems to be Impassable.
All those who lived in these islands be
fore the overthrow of the monarchy
are "Kamainas" and all who have
come since are "Malahinas." The new
comer who is here as a visitor and a
tourist is received with effusive hospi
tality. For him there Is pol and pig,
luau and hula hula. But if his visit
becomes a sojourn, if tempted by cli
mate and kindness he emb .rks In com
merce, or manufactures or agriculture,
or seeks to practice law. medicine or
dentistry, then the glad hand Is at once
*% YOT long ago a successful busi
/ \ I ness man came to a ministerial
I N friend of mine and said in sub
\_. stance, "I am greatly troubled
about my boys. Not that they are bad
fellows, but they seem to be growing
away from me. I don't feel acquainted
with them. What can I do?" The min
ister, who has boys of his own, by the
way, told him not to magnify at the
moment his parental authority, but to
try the method of comradeship, "go to
their ball games, familiarize yourself
with the names of the crack players on
the football team. " Invite your boys'
companions to the house. Find out
what 'the fellows', in generalare read
ing and studying. Ascertain quietly the
character of their amusements and if
they are legitimate enter heartily your
self Into their recreations and excur
sions." The business man promptly
adopted the advice and a few months
later returned to his counselor, with a
radiant face. "You were right," he said.
"I've been around with the boys a good
deal the last v few -weeks and we are
getting to be first-rate chums. I feel
as if I had gotten my boys back again."
We are worrying to-day more or less
over the decline of parental authority.
America is contrasted to her own dis
advantage with England and the Con
tinent in the matter of home adminis
tration. Deference of j children . to : par
ents, exhibitions of prompt and un
questioned obedience are said to be
rarer than they were a generation ago.
This may be true and I would not con
done a waning of respect on the part of
the young toward their seniors. But if
a relationship of comradeship can be
established we can perhaps secure all
the best results of the older and stricter
regime and at the same time bridge the
chasm that used to exist between father
and son or between mother and daugh
ter.
This Is certainly the natural relation
ship. When our children are young
and helpless before the novelty and
wonder of their presence in the home
have faded away we do not begrudge
the time and the pains it requires to
keep pace with their advancing life.
Every added pound of flesh, every new
tooth delights the fond and admiring
parent. For the sake of tossing them
in his arms a man will leave his busi
ness a little earlier at night than he
used to do when a bachelor. But why
should this close touch with the child
cease or relax when it gets . beyond
the need of the parents' constant physi
cal protection or of their direction in
every little* detail of Its life?
There are multitudes of homes in
America -where this Ideal of Intimacy
has been maintained through gram
mar and high school days and long
after the growings boys and girls have
gone, to college and professional school.
I go into such' homes and find the pa
rents ' conversing at the dinner table
about the subjects the children have
that day been studying. I see on the
center, table textbooks and reference
books which tell of common work to
gether.. I ' note a disposition ' to do
things together, to play games In -which
all can " share, to*' have ! evening com
panies made up of young and old alike,
to plan as a family and not as indi
viduals for little outings and excur
sions. Here we find a shining illustra
tion of what sociologists call the soli
darity ,of the family. It . Is not broken
up into small and competing cliques.
Each member of the home seeks and
promotes the welfare of all the others.
It Is a splendid thing for the children
when the parents are disposed to be on
terms of comradeship. It keeps them
out of • bad company, fosters a due
amount of family spirit and draws out
latent possibilities. For no touch upon
the plastic life of a young child can be
quite so tender and potent as that of
a father or mother. A man of thirty
five told me last week that one reason
why he enjoyed shopping with his wife
Is that his ' mother used to take him
when a lad on shopping expeditions,
explained to him about different fab
rics and helped him to acquire a skill
and wisdom in the expenditure of
money that , has been of incalculable
value ever since he set up housekeeping
for himself.
And the parents get a good deal out
of the relationship, too. jit keeps them
young and hopeful and happy to be
sharing the emotions and ambitions
of enthusiastic and purposeful boys and
girls. Wrinkles and gray hairs, doubta
and fears, pessimism and cynicism
come less quickly to the man or woman
in mature life who has even one down
right good friendship with somebody
under twenty-five years of age.,,There
fore I say to you tbis Sunday, morning",
"Take . time to be chummy with : your
children." THE PARSON.
THE PARENT AS A CHUM
Not dismayed by his experience in
this direction, John Henry mentioned
one evening, when he was more or less
on the witness stand, that his new type
writer was a peach with red hair and
a complexion that made a red rose look
like a coat of whitewash. There was
another typewriter in the office, of
Benedict ( & Co. next day and In ac
cordance' with the plans and specifi
cations prepared by the — nominally—
Bllent member of the firm, she had a
large crop of freckles and a face that
made the office clock lose fifteen min
utes the first day. Still firm in his ad
herence to the belief that honesty is
the best policy, when Mrs. Benedict
suggested that her mother be requested
to honor the Benedict domicile with a
visit of Indefinite length. John Henry
informed his wife in firm but gentle
tones that the person aforesaid was
peculiarly obnoxious to him and that
If she appeared on the scene he would
This was more or less the experience
cf John Htnry Benedict. When he first
inveigled Mrs. Benedict into the meshes
of the hcly bonds of matrimony, he
rolemnly assured her that his mind
_ho_ld always be as an open book to
her and that all his acts should be as
plain as the nose on his face. As this
was about as plain as a nose could be.
without artificial aid, it should have
satisfied Mrs. Benedict that the game
was to be open and above board. Mr.
Benedict forgot, or did not know, thai
books which are always open are sub-
PEACE hath her victories no' less
than matrimony, but for pur
poses of convenience we will con
f.re our attention to the latter
class of triumphs. It is commonly
stated by people who are possessed of
large quantities of inexperience that
the only guarantee of domestic heppl
ness in this worM and Its consequent
re-wards in the next Is perfect frankness
and entire truth one with another. The
theoretical admiration that many,
otherwise commonplace and unremark
able people, have for the truth Is one
cf the meet beautiful things known to
man. People who would blush the
deepest possible shade of crimson if
they were brought face to face with
the naked truth, no matter how plain
it was, will calmJy and in the presence
of their fellow men avow their fixed
and underlying belief in the beneficence
of the results accruing from a steady
puTBUit of the truth-
There have been men who have de
clared it to be their opinion that men
ought, en all occasions, to tell the
truth, the whole truth, and nothing
much but the truth to the wives of their
bosoms. It is true that this is only
theory in the majority of cases, but we
have known a few men who attempted
to put it into practice; the majority of
them soon abandoned It, however, at
th* instance of their wive*, who threat
ened to Fue for divorce, not because of
the nature of the things revealed, but
or. th t ground that a man who would do
a thing so unnecessarily foolish was
mentally incapacitated for matrimony.
ject to more wear and tear than ordi
nary volumes, and also that nothing
makes a man-so attractive to a woman
as the idea that there are depths in
his nature which she has not sounded;
Bluebeard chambers which she hae not
1>wpe& into. A man who tells all that
there is to know about himself is like
a newspaper that prints all its news
on the outside page, or a horse race
that always comes out according to
the Inside tips.
Mr. Benedict started out by telling
his wife the names of all of the girls
that he had been engaged to before he
met her. This is in direct violation
of the established matrimonial canon
that neither one of the parties to the
contract shall have been in love be
fore. Mrs. Benedict played her part
of the game according to Hoyle and
although she had had numerous fish
half out of the water before she finally
got the landing net under John Henry,
she made him believe that he was the
first one that she had ever played—
and she had played him for a sucker
although he never knew that. In con
sequence of John Henry's rash frank
ness — or frank rashness— Mrs. Benedict
never failed to remind him of his pre
vious attempts to butt into the matri
monial fold on the occasion of domestic
crises, coupled as a rule with the fer
vent wish that he had been successful.
John Henry never took refuge be
hind any of the pleasant subterfuges
common to the male sex for explaining
his absence from the family fireside un
til the witching hour of half-past
twelve. Instead of explaining in great
detail the pressing nature of the busi
ness which had come up at the last
moment, requiring his immediate at
tention, he frankly confessed that he
had fallen in with a party of his pre
matrimonlal accomplices In villainy
and had enriched their exchequers to
the .extent of ten dollars and twenty
five cents in a pleasant little social
game of ten-call-twenty. As a result
he was persona non grata in his own
household until such a time as he had
appeased the wrath of the powers that
be with a diplomatic application of a
new hat and gown.
consider It a decidedly unfriendly act
and would at once sever diplomatic
relations with his own family until
such time as the cause of friction
should be removed. . Of course. Mrs.
Benedict reminded him that all men
were by nature and practice unmen
tionable brutes and that he was one of
the best specimens of the class now
in captivity and that furthermore her
dear mother should always be wel
come in the Benedict mansion and
should stay as long as might" seem de
sirable to the parties in interest. When
the matter was presented to him In
this aspect of sweet reasonableness
John Henry promptly withdrew from
his aggressive position and announced,
that any female ancestor of Mrs.
Benedict's was a firm friend of his. A3
a consequence of this particular piece
of truthfulness on John Henry's part
he was forced to hear his many short
comings pointed out to him by the
said - female ancestor morning and
night for six weeks.
This was the straw that changed the
whole current of John 'Henry's life, so
to speak. He had given the bright god
dess Truth the best chance In the
world to make good and she had ut
terly failed to deliver the goods as or
dered. He now determined to try what
a little Judicious diplomacy would do.
When an old and tried friend of his
youth blew in one afternpon and ex
pressed a desire to see how the town
looked after the lights were turned on.
John Henry called up Mrs. Benedict and
broke the news to her as gently as
possible that Jones of Kalamazoo vas
in town with a large consignment of
business that must be attended to be
fore the banks opened the n*ext morn
ing and for this reason he would be
unable to gladden his household with
his presence until a very late hour. The
only alloy of truth that this statement
contained was that there is such a
town as Kalamazoo— even the residents
admit that— and that there is probably
a man or two named Jones concealed
somewhere in the city directory of* the
place; the rest was a product of John
Henry's active Imagination- This fact.
(Copyright, 1903, by Albert -Britt.)
however, did not prevent Mrs. Bene
dict from falling on hi3 neck, meta-;
phorically speaking:, when he finally
showed up carrying a distinct aroma of
cloves about his person, and condoling
with him because he was so over
worked. Such had been John Henry's
hard experience with truth that he ac
cepted the tribute of sympathy without
even a symptom of a blush* "£•
The remainder of John Henry's ca
reer proved the wisdom of the new
policy which he had inaugurated. When
the suggestion was tentatively ad
vanced that another -visit from the an
cestor alluded to above was Impending,
he deftly evaded the invasion by point
ing out that when two people were so
happy together it was a pity to ring
in a non-union hand. "When a type
writer who could walk along the. street
without frightening- . the cab horses
settled down in John Henry's office, hs
never mentioned her and, from his con
versation, the casual observer might
have Inferred that . she never came
within the effective range of his ob
servation. The same rule was applied
to all the domestic crises and worked
like a charm, so that where once was
discord and dread war's alarms, un
alloyed peace and happiness, now
reigned. The white- winged dove of
peace elbowed the grim vlsaged god of
war off the nest and everything was
as lovely as a meeting- of the national
campaign committee.
In order to round out this domestic
Iliad, it is necessary to state that Mrs.
Benedict wad on to John Henry with
both feet all the time and. could tell
when he was lying without the aid of
a -microscope or a spirit level, but this
did not prevent her from attributing
his mendacity to a commendable de
sire to save her feelings, and In conse
quence John Henry received praise and
honeyed word3 where before all 'w is
stern censure and verbal missiles that
flew straight to the mark. All of which
goes to prove that as long as. truth
crushed to earth can.be counted on to
rise again, it isn't absolutely necessary
to be so everlastingly careful of It on
all occasions. : .
By Nicholas Nemo
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
Fable for tKe Foolish
DOMESTIC DIPLOMACY
ing her heart-breaking sobs for a lost
kingdom, lc-st to her on earth forever?
I happened to be present at the fu
neral of the last of the Kainshamehas.
Among the gorgeous trappings cf woe
were lo be seen signs and symbols of
royal heritage b'.azoned with golden em
broider y: ,but of kingly possessions
there were none, and sevnebody whis
"pered. "He had them all destroyed the
night before he died." "Alien touch
shall not finger my crown, or traitor
breath stir the feathers upon my rai
ment," said he.
And so died the last of the royal line.
The feather scepters nodded their
beautiful plumes to the pl_intiva chant
of storied music, and the old native
mor.ologist babbled cf farther isles and
wars, but ever all the raven of destiny
eroakod •'Nevermore."
"The King is dead— long live the
King." What of the problem of govern
ment presented by these. islands to the
American nation? Seventy millions of
people living on the mainland think lit
tle and care little for the fate or the fu
ture of 150.000 dwellers in Hawaii, yet
the nation has a duty to perform to
ward them as trustee and guardian — a
duty which it may not neglect or shirk
without reproach.
As an American citizen I rejoice that
these islands are, for good or for evil,
under the Stars and Stripes, but I may
not disguise from myself that in the
manner of obtaining them we were
guilty of national larceny. The condi
tions were peculiar and pressing. The
sugar industry, in which was invested
millions of. American capital, was men
aced with a loss of the open American
market through a possible failure to re
new the reciprocity treaty. The alert,
aggressive, adroit Japanese were colo
nizing in vast numbers and it was
feared would vote themselves into pow
er, "Japanese" the government and
eventually annex it to the Mikado's
kingdom, and alb the material and
property Interests of the islands would.
as it then appeared, be promoted by
American annexation, and the misguid
ed Queen was threatening to change
the constitution so as to disfranchise
all but native Hawaftans or men who
had married native Hawaiians.
__________
The rights and wishes of the natives
seem to have been but slightly consult
ed. They loved their little, harmless
opera bouffe monarchy, with its fuss
and feathers. They believed tha-t Eng
land and France would protect them
from Japanese absorption. They were
not much Interested in an increase in
the market value of sugar stocks, or a
rise in town lots in Honolulu, for they
had parted with the best of their lands
and the best of their lots to white men.
They hafl not assimilated the spirit of
the great Saxon law of titles, which ap
plies to national as to independent pos
session: -'''I
This wa« the law of Ce-iric's ba»«.
The law of man to man. *T *-
Tfcat he murt keep who gets the land
An<J he must get who can.
They looked with enmity and distrust
upon those who "annexed" their coun
try, and I fear it will take generations
to eradicate this hatred — so many gen
erations that their accelerated decrease
La numbers will make of the Kanaka
only a memory by the time the hatred
h&s died out.
In the meantime, what are you going
to do with them? They constitute a
majority of the votes of the Territory.
They draw the color line against the
white man- and draw It sharply. They
elect legislators who will vote for no
law recommended by the Governor: leg
islators who will often pass over his
veto- any law he opposes, who will re
fuse to confirm his appointees, and who
have to be called in extra session be
fore they will pass the necessary ap
propriation bills to carry on the gov
ernment.
The social conditions in Honolulu are.
to say the least, peculiar. Imagine a
New England Sewing Society coloti-
RECOLLECTIONS AND REFLECTIONS
OF THOMAS FITCH0^H, children, this . is too easy. You all know about animals, don't yon? . Of course yon do. So you
really ought to he able to solve* the whole nine puzzles this, week, first pop. For instance, yon
know a lion ¦from a lynx, a giraffe from a reindeer, a bison from a boar, an elephant from an an
telope, a monkey from a kangaroo, a buffalo from a rhinoceros, a tiger from a panther, a fox
from a wolf, and, Indeed, all -the Wonderfully varied arid innumerable species of forest and mountain
prowlers- that you have heard about and- read ubout ever since you were such wee little tots. Indeed,
you have no doubt seen in . nctual . life many, if not all, of the animals concealed hi these nine puzzle
pictures. . ¦' t -.*".' - . ,ir
And here Is another thins that the Puzzle Editor wants to speak of. Please don't send In any tin
type pictures or proofs that are uutoned— which means* that they will fade as soon as tliey arc exposed
to. the sun, and don't forget to wito your name and, address on the back of each and' evfery photograph.
And by all means be sure that you. are a prize winner before you send in any picture at all.
.'.-Now remember this:. You will all have a chance not only to win one of . those 150 prizes, but get
your picture published as well. .The Puzzle Editor wants all the prize winners front* now on to send in
their pictures— the. whole 150 every week if possible. Begin right now. Don't wait. The more the merrier.
There can't be too many.. But remember, only the prize winners can liavo their pictures published.
: Each of the Nine' Pictures In this, the Thirteenth contest of the Sixth. Series," represents an -Animal.
Can you guess? Ah! * There is a rich reward for you if you can. ' * •* '
And now listen carefully: THERE ARE ONE HUNDRED AND FIFTY PRIZES, and -this is what
you must do to win one of them: '¦ : , ,' • "• v ' ¦•-¦¦;' < -
' Find the names of Nine, Different Animals represented by the Small -Puzzle' Pictures on this
page and write them out in the' space opposite the proper correspond ing number provided for the pur
pose in the coupon on this page, as per directions; fill in'the coupon wltli your. name and address and the
prize you desire— if you win— and send the coupon to thcEblTOR OF THE NAME PUZZLE PAGE, Sunday
Call, San Francisco, Cal.Y; ; ' ' , ""' .. , , *.'_•-.
REMEMBER— To the FIRST ONE HUNDRED AND FIFTY BOYS AND GIRLS who solve the Nine
Name Puzzles correctly,; one of these ONE HUNDRED AND FIFTY BEAUTIFUL. PRIZES will be awarded.
,And don't forget this, next point," because it is very important: Alili ANSWERS MUST REACH
TniS OFFICE BY.-FRIDAY NOON., Tills gives nil those In the country an equal chance, to compete.
Read everything on ¦ thta",page, to be sure that you overlook nothing that will help you to win a prize.
THE NAMES : OF THE IiUCKY WINNERS WILL BE PUBLISHES) IN : THE SUNDAY CALL TWO
WEEKS FROM TO-DAY, March 20. , ; \ . : V Y
These arc^ ;tho TWENTY^ BEAUTIFUL s BOOKS from which you may choose if you solve all the puz
zles correctly : I Adventures of a Brownie, v by Muloch ; Cranf ord, by Gaskell ; Courtship of .Miles £tandish,
by Longfellow;: A Dog of. Flanders, by Ouida; EiangeUnc, by Longfellow; Fahry .Land of Science, by
Buckley; Greek : Heroes, by Kingslcy ; The ! Song of Hiawatha; by Longfellow ; > Kidnaped, by ' Stevenson;
Little Lame Prince, by Muloch; The Magic Nuts, ; by Molesworth: Plutarch's Lives; Prue arid I, by Curtis: The
Sketch'; Book; by Irrlng; Tanglewood Talcs, by Hawthorrie;. Ten Nights in,; a, Bar' Room, I/- Arthur;'
Through Uie^Lookinc Glass/ by Carroll; .Twice ToldTaics, by Hawthorne; Vic, the Autoblocraphy ol a Fox
Terrier, by. Marsh;'. A. Wonder Bookj by Hawthorne. ,. , . »
THESE are the names of the 150
lucky children who won prizes
In the puzzle contest — the nine
different Geographical Terras—
publi>hcd In The Sunday Call of
February 2!.
Lou Van de Water, Glen Ellen; "Wal
ter-Price, l&l Post street, San Fran
cisco; Laura Trull. Richmond; Harry
Sharp. Los Angeles; Earl Crellin,
ric-Rsanton; Mrs. Salton, Patlflc Grove;,
Eddie Fontencau. Stockton; Irene
Klemnier, Vallcjo; Consuelo Sampson,
Vallejo; Lottie Brown, Hilton; Geral
cine Boothe. Pctaluma; Glenn Martial
OoIueu; Zilla Moore, Duncan Mills;
June Moore, Duncan Mills; Ellen Mur
tmy. Newcastle; Wilfred Balk. 1'OCl
Hyde street, San Francisco; S. Baik,
"Cl Hyde street, ?an Francisco; Eth«:l
Adams. 1j"1 Twelfth avenue, San Fran
cisco; Lucy Blanchard. 1544 Eiphth ave
nue, fc'ar: Francisco; Mark Broaddu;-,
Apnew: Willie Fuller. Ast.c-w; W. A.
Robins<»n. cZ'j Ashbury ftrset, San
Francisco; Archie Pcymcre, 7."S Wash
ington street, fan Francisco; Beatrice
Miner. IMC Cherman sticc-t, Alameda;
Roy Rcy. «13 Castro street. Oakland;
Kathryn Bis via. lOJ'C Treat avenue, San
Francisco; Louis Friant, 71*3 Clayton
street, S.-in Francisco; C S. Robinson, ¦
iZZ Ashbury street, San Francisco;
Leo MeCaulcy. Alviso; John Paton, 893
Pine street. San Francisco; Lloyd Os
borne, East Oakland; Violet v Whit««,
East Oakland; Will Sampson, Pacific
Grove; Elena Eyre, BXenlo Park; May
bclle Stein, 2211 Mission street, San
Francisco: Jannette Frank, Marysville;
June Young, Stockton; F. Kiefer,
Livermore; M. Zucker, Z22 Eddy
street, San Francisco; Mazie Urqu
hart, SOS Valencia street, San
Francisco; M. Wadams, Santa Clara;
Abbie.Cosbie. 2024 Folsom street, San
Francisco; Ada Meyers, San Jose;
Frank Ourran, 3122 Washington street,
San Francisco: Jack Liguori, Agnew;
Veron Hodgkins, Marysville; Verna
Worthington. Tuolumnc; La Vern
Shaw, San Qucntin; Eunice Silva. San
ta Rosa; Helen Keough, 1SS3 OFarrell
street. San Francisco; Kate Taylor, S38
Castro street, Oakland; M. Martin, 7
Guerrero street. San Francisco; Byna
Williams. Stockton; Mae Dctrick, 1709
Eddy street, San Francisco; Edwin
Haves, Pacific Grove; Walter Mires.
S116 Fillmore street, San Francisco;
Freda Ogle, 1*513 Howard street, San
Francisco; Heta Ogle, 2513 Howard
street. San Francisco; H. F. Melink,
Berkeley; Karl Luttman, Long Beach;
Allen Hendrieks. Pacific Grove; Grac<»
Marcuse, Marysville; Louis Murray,
Roes; Earle Eallantyne, San Jcse;
Gretchen Grallert, Colma; Roy Nail,
662 Pacific avenue, ' Alameda; Hazel
Polock, 1003 Union street, Alameda;
Clara Archer, Lodi; Anna Farlin. Wat
eonville; Ethel Wall, South Berkeley:
Ruth Harbert, San Leandro; George
Marshall, Ukiah: Lucille Mahan, C64
Fifty-seventh street, Oakland; Joseph
Magill, Winters; Mazie Dunn. Bakers
field; James Dunn, Bakersfield; Fred
Stoeckl, Bakersfleld; Dorothy Howe,
San Diego; Edgar Manning, Gridley;
Agrnes Sheerin, 2208 Geary street, San
Francisco; F. L. Sheerin, 220S Geary
street, San Francisco; Ruby Har
rington, Berkeley; May Taylor,
83S Castro street, Oakland; |Vera
Ray, S19 Castro street, Oak
land; Ben Osborn, Watsonville;
Nicholas Lettunich, Watsonville;
George Ballantyne, San Jose; Florence
Nickelsburg, 1911 Sacramento street,
San Francisco; Ethel McAllister. 2436
Jackson street, San Francisco; Gladys
Brandt, 1717 Larkin street, San Fran
cisco; Alice Doran, 1056 Capp street,
San Francisco; Charley Young. 1316
Harrison street, San Francisco; Frank
Kltson, 77 Cumberland street, San
Francisco; Catherine Groves, 65 Cum
berland street, San Francisco; Cecele
Keough. 1883 O'Farrell street, San
Francisco; Gladys O'Brien, 312
Eleventh street, Oakland; Rudolph
Trautner, 2540 McAllister street, San
Francisco; P. Ackerman, 1327 Myrtle
street. Oakland; Marie Jamieson. 1111
Rhode Island street, San Francisco;
Eleanor Plunkett, Vallejo; Etta Li
iruori, Agnew; Mark Dodson,- 52$
Twenty-second street, San Francisco;
Eratt Hare. Salinas; Anna Paul. Sui
sun; Paul Dewey. 1525 Scott street,
San Francisco; Leon Blanchard, 1511
Seventh avenue, San Francisco; Vera
Harper, 930 Hayes street. San Fran
clsco; Halle Hood. Fruitvale; Gladys
Schulte, 91 3 A Dolores street, San
Francisco; Dorothy Hare. Salinas;
Nellie Spragrue. Gilroy; Ruth Ander
son. 16 Elliott Park, San Francisco;
Doris Porter. 270 Eleventh street,
Oakland; Lloyd Locke. Sacramento;
Christine Sjoberg, 24 Chase street,
Oakland; Bernice Hetherington, Oak
land; Bert Noyes, Lakeport; Miriam
Purdie. 120 Oak street, San Francisco;
Mabel Johnson, Watsonville; Edna
Johnson, Watsonville; J. Netland. 569
Twentieth street, Oakland; Beverly
Allen, Lincoln; F. Tamaya, Fresno;
Paul Dunckhorst, Sacramento; Gene
vieve Boardman, Nevada City; H. E.
King. Stockton; Loretta Sartori, Peta
luma; Genevieve Hudson, West Oak
land; P. L. Tanney, Stockton; Wanda
Stachle. 255 Eighth street, Oakland;
Loris Walker, East Oakland; Henry
Holland, Petaluma; Leo Smith, Mo
desto; Alice Hitchcock, Vallejb;
George Brown. North Vallejo; Violette
Jones, Merced: Henry Jensen, Suisun;
James Gee, Vallejo; Allie Renfro, Ba
kersfleld: Inez Ashley, Vallejo; Carrie
Green, Vallejo; Lee Girvin, 2223 Sac
ramento street, San Francisco; Con
stance Koss, £92 Bush street, San
Francisco: Ruth Wiles, Tulare; Rose
Lewin, 8C6 Castro street. Oakland;
Tito Corcoran, Gibbs; Addie Gibbs,
Gibbs; L. Coombs, Agnew; Leonard
Coombs, Agnew; Rosemary Kobes,
£anta Rosa.
THESE ARE
THE PRIZE
WINNERS
OF FEB. 21.
v THE SAN -FRANGISCO SUNDAY CJAL.
NAME PUZZLES
Solve the Puzzles,
Fill Out the Coupon
and Send It to
the Puzzle Editor,
Sunday Call, S,F,
To Puzzle Editor, Sunday CUL
San Francisco:
Below hi their proper nnm-
bers please find my solution of
the Nine Different Animals rep-
resented hi this week's Name
Puzzles:
1
2
3 •••.•••......••••••••».•¦••
4
•_ 5 ,- t>« •••«•••«. ........ «.•>•••••
* m»-» O»-» ?« ». M M.<» If, HMgM.j
8 (.»•<•-•:*•< »• •»«.*»-»3e «-*xi »•»• &j»
9 .; ..... . .
March 6, 1904.
Name .* • • •
State ..•••••>•••-•••<••••.....
If I win I choose for prize
¦ ¦ *
(See List of Prizes.)PARIS, March 5. — Rheumatism
and neuralgia are cured byAhe radio
active energy of radium, so Dr. Darier
reports in a communication to the
French Academy of Medicine. He says
he has employed it in the treatment
of such cases. The pain, he finds, is
relieved by. the action of the rays ~ on
the nerve centers. A case . of facial
paralysis was cured by two applications
of the new agent in only a slightly ac
tive form. Dr. Darier thinks the In
jurious effects of radium oh. the ner
vous system observed by other physi
cians were due to lack of experience in
its use raifii&J
Cures Effected by Iladlum.
London's* 'Phone Ss'Stem Is Poor.
LONDON. March 5.— An interesting
comparison^ English and American
telephone systems made this week
shows London to be * long way behind
New York! In the latter city an area of
429 square miles, with a population of
4,000,000, as against London's 640
square miles within •. poDUlation of
6, 500, 000. Is covered with no less than
200,000 wires, while this city, includ
ing the 15.000 postofflce lines, can
boast of only 80.000. Despite the fact
that London pays a proportionately
heavier rate for service, as regards
effltiency it certainly la not to b« com
pared with New York.
¦ Artists and managers know, i how
ever, that King Edward is not a .rich
man, and while- they -respect; the ¦.rule
he. insists upon they are much more
modest In their terms than when i the
late ¦ Queen treated "command" t per
formances, as absolute commercial
transactions. -What they 'lose in one
way, of course, they gain by *the fre
quer.f .appearance of> the court at the
theater now. It .would, be - considered
moat unbecoming, for, a. manager or
mi" artist; to refuse^.to send- in an ac
count*, under the [conditions laid 'down
by King Edward.: Kubellk when he
appeared before his Majesty! neglected
to;- send;, in' an account arid King "Ed
ward, , feeling 1 .that' being a' young': for
eigner he did not know the' court
ance was given. Moreover, she never
troubled when a manager,', moved by
generosity toward" his^spvereign, ne
glected, to send in his account. King
Edward has now altered all. this. -.- He
has returned to the original custom
of the court, and he insists that all
"command" performances must be
paid for, either in cash. or in kind. .¦
The Intense interest that Lady Ran
dolph Churchill yikes in politics is
manifesting itself in her son's actions.
Under her, influence her husband re
belled against his party and her son
is following an identical course. So
ciety people, who are somewhat envi
ous of the young man's political prom
inence, even go so far as to say that
his mother prepares his speeches. She
satisfies herself, x however, by discuss
ing with him the subject upon which
he 'has 'to speak before he makes any
important pronouncement. The po
sition he has: taken up over the\ fiscal
policy of Mr.' Chamberlain has caused
much trouble In the Marlborough
family. The Duchess, with her^ im
mense influence in society, was ; sup
posed to have taken young Winston
under her wing. As the world "knows
now, ; she- exercised her lnfluencV/i'n
another direction by finding, a job Ch-
season: . It is expected that she will
dispense charity in Scotland with a
lavish hand. Those among whom she
has moved in Scotland say that she
is anxious to contradict by example
the impressions that are abroad about
her that- she married merely for a
title. ¦ . < ' ¦ ' " ¦/.
Irr:spite~of' statements to the con
trary the Scotch people are taking
very*' kind jy- to the new Duchess of
Roxburghe. - Reports had prepared
them for the^ appearance among them
of : a r ..womah made , vulgar through
wfcalth.y -The simple, inhabitants In the
neighborhood ;of Floors Castle ex
pected Jto find' her driving up iiii a
diamondrmounted motor or some such
fantastically constructed equip*age,.and
were.astohis'hed; to find that she was
merely ;ah ordinary, woman ¦with ap
¦ parently'f simple ? habits.
y'Like.. the. majority of Imported
DucheVse's, .her . first anxiety Avas for
the".pbor*. ; /The. new year in* Scotland Is
a",time.forVrejoiclng.and festivity and
the' Duchess -took; to \ the condition of
things -as If she were _ a - Scotswoman
born. ;;She. however,: saw that beneath
the" rejoicing and '. feasting there was a
good deal ; of misery and she directed
that all" poor persons in the neighbor
hood; of -the 'castle should have -, all
they wanted in reason to celebrate the
DUCHESS IS POPULAR.
rules, paid/hls services by sending him
a valuabfeVdiamond ring, with an in
scription."' ;
JUVENILES WHO ACT ON THE STAGE AND STUDY BEHIND THE SCENES.
The late Queen submitted, to the
rule for many years, but after shu
gave^ up going to the theater she in
sisted that terms should be agreed
uoon before a "command" perform-
LONDON, March 5.— King Edward is
getting pretty sick of Sandringham as
a residence. He likes the surround
ings, but the house is a continual source
of annoyance to him. It was built
originally on the "jerry" principle and
the builders are never out of It. The
King, who Is a smart- business man,
has begun to think that If the place
were not looked upon as a kind of na
tional inheritance he would abandon it
to-morrow. The builder's men are in
there now, and his Majesty has had
to cover the expenses of the repairs
by insurance. The present situation in
regard to the estate appears to justify
Mr. Labouchere's statement when he
said that the sale was a piece of job
bery.' ,
While King Edward has been obliged
to practice retrenchment in many di
rections since he came to the throne,
he does not share the parsimonious pro
pensities of the late Queen. " The cus
tom of the managers of theatrical per
formances "by command" is to send in
an account and the sum demanded is
expected to be paid without 'demur. *
QUEEX'S HULE IGNORED.
Insists on Paying for
. All "Command''
Performances.
LIBERALITY
OF EDWARD
OF ENGLAND
"I am opposed to having school boys
and girls taught that the narrative
about the world being made in seven
days is true, or that there is any. verac
ity in the statements! that man was
made of clay, that life was breathed
into his nose and that woman was
made of a man's rib. I object to the
tales about the ten patriarchs, about
the summits of the highest mountains
being covered deep:. with' deluge water
and about the ark of Noah.
"Only truth, and the whole truth, can
make one free." *
BERLIN. March 5.— Professor De
litsch of "Babel and Bible" fame again
has come to the front with elaborate
objections to the present methods of
imparting religious instruction in the
schools. He. says:
"The findings in recent excavations
in Mesopotamia should be put before
school boys and girls. They should not
be brought up in ignorance of the re
sults of the late investigations into the
history of religion.
"Children should be taught that in
Genesis there are two divergent ac
counts of the creation, and that both
are the outcome of Babylonian myths.
About the flood they should^ be. taught
that the Biblical narrative is', also a
vestige of ancient Babylonian Xolklore.
"These ancient sagas should: be dug
out of the scripture books and given to
scholars at school or explained. If they
are not a day will come when the
grown-up man will throw them all over
and more besides, which" he should re
tain. *'S'A
Contradictions of Scriptures
Should B*c Explained.
German Professor Insists That All
OBJECTS TO METHOD
OF TEACHING BIBLE
Among the many. Interesting Amer
icans invited to these radium parties
are Mrs. Howard Cockerell, the sister
of Lady Abinger, daughter of the cele
brated Commander Magruder of the
United States navy and the. niece of
General J. B. Magruder, who was com
mander of the ConfedeTate forces in
Texas during the Civil War; Mrs.
Lorillard and Miss Van Wart, who
is so • well known in American
society. It Is said of Miss Van
Wart that she has refused Lalf the
British aristocracy. This society favor
ites has now taken a house in Curzon
Btreet, not far from the mansion newly
erected for the Duke and Duchess of
Marlborough, . and r.-hteh Is now fast
becoming an American colony.
Although members of the . exclusive
Bachelors' Club do not cease to be
Bachelors with a big B when th->
marry, they have to pay a penaltv of
one dozen bottles of champagne for
their fellow-members to drink j their
health with, each backslider feeling
that he is in the eyes of the club con
sidered a poor creature. The chairman,
of course, is alwavs a Bachelor in
every sense, Mr. Gillett being perhaps
one of the club's wealthiest member*.
Mr. Gillett's parties are always in
teresting events in London, for they
are held at the Bachelors' Club, one of
the most swagger clubs in London,
and of which Mr. Gillett la chairman.
One door, of this club opens on to Picca
dilly, but the ladies' entrance Is a little
way up Hamilton place. The clubrooma
of tbo members are so sacred that they
are never seen by the eyes of feminine
visitors, and when ladies, by some very
special Invitation, are allowed to enter
the clubhouse of these bachelor men.
they not only enter by this special door,
but ascend to rooms above by a spe
cial lift, or the special staircase, and
are entertained in special dining and
drawing rooms quite distinct from
f-ose Into which even men guests may
penetrate.
At Mr. Gillett's radium parties no^r
being held in London some of the
smartest American society women can
be ieen together. These novel and chic
functions are extremely exclusive, Mr.
Gillett limiting hia parties to 150 guests,
and no pleading on the part of his dear
est friend) would urge him to overstep
his number. Almost one-half of th«
guests are well-known society women
from the United States, and it is com
mented that it is the American women,
who are most keenly interested and
who ask the most intelligent questions
of the professor there to explain th«
powers and wonders of radium.
her husband and Winston Churchill
and his mother are having their re
venge. Sen and mother are now proud
to fight their political battles under the
opposite banner and the Duchess of
Marlborough is grievously disappoint
ed over the turn that things have
taken.
GILLETT'S RADIUM PARTIES.
astonished me by, observing that 1 she
had met the late Queen Victoria five
years ago.
Nearly al! the, children. at the Vaude
ville Theater have been continuously
employed at salaries ranging from S" 50
to US weekly for the last four years,
and most of the girls wear little lockets
containing small pieces of cake which
formed part of the cake Queen Alexan
dra gave them personally when they
played in "Quality Street" at Windsor
Castle by royal command. The boys,
however, possess no such mementoes,
and on being questioned one sturdy lad
named Albert Valchera, who earns
$17 50 weekly, although he is not yet 13
years old, said: "That cake was too
good to stick in a locket. We ate all
ours quick, I can tell you."
¦Curiously enough, the boys when they
grow up seldom stick to the stage, but
go into business. The girls, however,
rarely quit the footlights and often be
come famous actresses. Ellen Terry,
Ellaline Terriss and many other cele
brities of the English stage started
their career as fairies in' pantomime
when 3 or 4 years old.
At the Vaudeville many of the chil
dren huve more important parts to
play, and are accomplished miniature
actors and actresses. They are all
well dressed and look clean, happy,
strong and well fed. Both boys and
girl? are remarkable for their good
locks, for only pretty children have any
chance of b*>ing engaged on the stage.
Th* educational authorities report that
th*- attainments and general knowledge
cf these little stage folk are quite equal
to 'hildren of the same age who at
tend school all day, and t\'. o are not
otherwise rmployed. It Is a strange
experience to hear children of 12 and
13 talking with a grave professional
air of th*>ir engagements, the news
paper notices they have received and
the celebrities they have met. The
girls. In particular, are precocious, as a
rule, although wel! behaved, and seem
: : ke young women of 22. with the bodies
of little children. The stage, however,
nan no effect, one schoolmistress sor
rowfully remarked, in changing the na
lur* of the boys. They were as trouble
£em», noisy and mischievous, she said,
a? the ordinary variety of small boy!
Th? keen observer, however, can de-
Wct a difference in" the boys' deport
nur.t when they are at play. Instead
of baring srames like "tag." hall and
tops amons themselves, they dance
very gracefully and assume poses and
>>"* to ea-h other in a most courtly
f!y]#.
PROUD OF ACQUAINTANCES.
One little fr.ir-haired girl named
riefcie Campbell, aped 13 years, told the
writer Khe had J>een on the stage for
five years, during which period she had
w-tM with Mrs. Patrick Campbell,
FVrbes Robertson. Seymour Hicks and
L.-aline Terriss. She w as once at a
• command performance" of Dickens'
• :-.rocge" at Eandringham and was in
troduced »o Queen Alexandra, who
shook hands with her and gav« her a
lasket of fruit. Another uttle r|rl
named Winnie Hall, who has played
leading children's parts, such as the
Dormouse in -Alice in Wonderland"
ALL BRIGHT AND CHEERFUL.
At Drury Lane Theater, the world's
headquarters of pantomime, over 400
children are employed for the present
run of "Humpty Dumpty," and 130
come within the school attendance age
and spend their three hours every
morning in the schoolroom, which is
fitted up at the back of the enormous
stage whereon so many great actors
have played in p«st generations. This
room is provided with all the acces
sories to make it look as much like au
ordinary day schoolroom as possible,
jind the system of education is similar
to that of an ordinary school. The
children are divided into grades ac
cording to their educational attain
ments, and they have their lessons set
them by a certfficated schoolma'am.
Their hours are from 9 a. m. to 12,
and four days a week are devoted to
reading, history, writing and arithme
tic. The remaining days are devoted
to special subjects, such as geography,
map drawing and English literature.
The rudiments of music and physical
drill are not taught to stage children
by the school board authorities, as
they receive instruction while rehears
ing their parts in these departments
of education.
Very few of the children at Drury
Lane have speaking parts. Most of
them take the parts of toys, birds and
insects in the ballets, work for which
they receive, for an afternoon and
evening performance daily, a sum rang
ing from 52 50 vjo $5 a week.
LONDON. March 5.— Any privileged
person being: permitted to roam through
the mysterious places back of the stage
of famous old Drury Lane Theater or
of any one of a dozen other London
playhouses at present would be likely
to stumble on a scene that .would as
tonish him mightily. In the last place,
if one would think of looking for it, he
would find a children's school in full
blast— maps on the walls, blackboards
here and there, a sedate teacher on the
platform and a hundred children, more
than ordinarily bright and graceful,
bending their heads over their desks
Just as if the etrange paraphernalia of
pantomime all around them and the
children themselves were not a part of
the show.
The anomaly is due to the fact that
Parliament has taken a hand in the
atrical management
At the beginning of this year 2730
children under 14 years were employed
in the English theaters, chiefly in pan
tomime. But Parliament decided that
such employment was a bad thing for
the children unless their education
could be guaranteed, and refused to
jErant the necessary licenses unless the
theatrical managers undertook to see
that their youthful actors and actresses
got some schooling in other branches of
education than mumming. "All these
children who are under 11," said the
paternal Government, "must spend
three hours a day in school."
THREE HOURS OF STUDY.
All Do Well, Many
Earning Good
Salaries.
Little Ones Study
Early and Act
at Night.
LONDON THEATERS EMPLOY CHILDREN FOR STAGE WORK .
PAY THEM WELL AND EDUCATE THEM BEHIND THE SCENES
Pages 1 7 to 20
Pages 17 to 20
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY,^ MARCH 6, 1904;Crescent Court of the Exalted Degree
of the Amaranth at its meeting on the
last Friday in February initiated four
candidates, and visitors pronounced the
work the most perfect they had ever
seen In a court of this order. After the,
closing of the court there was a ban
quet In honor of the new members,
after which there was a social hour.
The Amaranths.
The Choppers' Friendship Club of the
Woodmen of -the .World at its. meeting
on ; the v last . Wednesday, in February
added a number of eligibles to Its roll
of membership by initiation. This club
has appointed a committee to arrange
for a picnic to be given. in. Sunset Park
in the Santa Cruz Mountains on May 15.
The February open meeting, of Golden
Gate Circle of "the' Women of Wood-
Woodcraft.
San Francisco Lodge at Its last meet-
Ing Initiated three strangers, making
twenty-four admitted by initiation
since the first of the current year.
During the last held meeting of ~"i:i
fornia Lodge of the Grand "Fraternity
in this city there was work In the Ini
tiatory degree, after which there were
addresses for the good of the organiza
tion and the serving of a collation. This
lodge will hereafter serve a supper, to
its members once a month.
Grand Fraternity.
During the last held meeting In Feb
ruary of Assembly No. 1 of the Lin
coln Annuity several candidates nero
initiated in the short form and five
petitions were presented. The work of
the evening was followed by a pleasing
programme of entertainment, which in
cluded a banjo duet, a vocal solo by
Miss Duden, recitations by Walter
Neat Brunt and numbers by volunteer
talent. Then there was a game of
flowers for a prir<» tm» —~- '~Hotv?'»
by the serving of -i
meeting on the; • .. -uiay ir.
March the assen i .eiired th- c»«
ritual and severa .•..•vildates wrre ad
mitted under tn •. form.
Lincoln Assenj No. 3 li i ¦ T t«Tll! <>J^
ganized and irj .luted In Oakland,
with %l good me ibership. -.¦
The foundation lv»3 been laid n Ore
gon for two new assemblies and a re
port from Grant*: P.as5 Is that TMelity
Assembly No. 2 is gruwiat; in numoers.
Lincoln Annuity.
Court Garden City of San Jose will
have four delegates to the High Court
this year. This court paid a fraternal
visit to Court Harmony in. May-field,
March 4, and witnessed the initiation
of ten strangers. The visitors were en
tertained at a banquet.
The Supreme Grand Circle of the
Companions of the Forest will hold Us
annual session next May in this city.
The leap year party'given by Lincoln
Circle of the Companions of the Forest,
A. O. F., In Golden Gate Hall.'during
the latter party of February, was well
attended and as leap year rules were
enforced to the letter there were but
few of the sterner sex who did not vio
late those rules and as a consequence
each was brought before the Judge for
the night and fined. The programme
of dances was successfully, carried out
under the direction of Stella Beardsley,
the floor manager, and Ten! Fitzmau
rice, her assistant.
George W. Patterson and Miss May
"Falconer, have been .elected delegates
from Washington Circle to the Supreme
Grand Circle. This circle," at its last
Deputy A. U. Field has organized a
new court in Fresno that is to work in
the German language. It will bg in
stituted in a short time.
Court Washougal (Washington) re-,
ports good progress and prospects of
a bright year for Forestry in that sec
tion of the jurisdiction.
Court Lobinger of Corning,, in this
State, instituted about a. month, ago
with a comparatively small member
ship, reports that it has already in
creased the membership roll to forty
five.
Court Berkeley of the Ancient Order
of Foresters was instituted In the uni
versity town in the latter part of Feb
ruary by J. J. Roberts, assisted by
members of Court University. Dr. C.
F. Gladding was chosen chief ranger
and Benjamin Hamilton financial sec
retary. •
The courts of San Francisco have or
ganized for the purpose of providing
ways and means to entertain the offi
cers of and delegates to the High Court
during its session to be held in . this
city, commencing May 10. John Hen
derson was chosen president of the as
sociation and George G. Hansen secr^
tcry. , . . .
Foresters of Old.
Stanford Parlor will on the even
ing before the delegates from the in
terior leave San Francisco for the
Grand Parlor session entertain them in
Native Sons' building.
' Henry S. Martin, for many years
grand treasurer of the order, has an
nounced that he will not be a candi
date for ro-electlon. The principal
candidates for the office are City and
County Treasurer J. E. McDougald, a
member of California Parlor; H. Pas
quale of Golden Gate Parlor and H.
G. W. Dinkelspiel of Bay City Parlor
and E. E. Fisher of Presidio Parlor,
with the odds in favor of , McDougald.
For the .office of • grand secretary
there are as candidates Charles H.
Turner, : incumbent; G. -H. S. Dryden
and Fred! Jung of this city and G. Eil
ers of Santa Barbara. Dryden • was
for a Ions: time connected with the
Harbor Commissioners' office, and
Fred Jung is 1 the. well-known and
courteous recording secretary of Stan
ford Parlor. The incumbent is a well
known member of Alcatraz Parlor,
and during his connection with the
order has filled many important posi
tions with satisfaction to the member
ship. •
George P. Dennis has' resigned as
secretary "of Cabrillo Parlor of Ven
tura, . to enable him to take 'charge
of the Ventura exhibit .in the agricul
tural building at the St. Louis Fair.
N. - Herne has been elected as his suc
cessor.
All of the members of the visiting
boards have completed their official
visits except Grand Trustee Devoto,
who still has some visits to make in
Calaveras County.
The various parlors will this month
elect delegates to the next Grand Par
lor. ., . ,
The returns that are being received
at the office of Grand Secretary "Tur
ner show the order to be in a very
satisfactory condition. -
The local •committee of the Native
Sons of the Golden West who want to
have Natives' day on the 9th of next
September at the World's Fair in St.
Louis will call a meeting for the pur
pose of determining what, shall be
'done in that direction as soon as it
can be ascertained what rates ' the
railroads will offer. ¦ I
Native Sons.
held meeting, after the routine.busi
ness, had a very pleasant social hour.
strength to more than 200,000. The
death rate during the year was only
C.46,-as against 6.60 the year previous.
During the last year there was paid to
beneficiaries of deceased members the
Bum of $1,542,639; sick benefits to the
amount of $192,163, and permanent dis
ability claims amounting to $84,719.
The reserve fund increased $1,234, 23(5,
making the total reserve at the close
of the year $7,518,852. \
PROMINENT MEMBERS OF LOCAL FRATERNITIES.
An aggressive campaign has been
started In Alameda County and par
ticular attention is being paid to tha
extension of the council in Lorin,
Supreme Councilor Tugwell left last
week to visit the councils in the States
of Oregon and Washington. He will
be absent from the city for a monta.
He may continue bis visits to the coun
cil? In the adjacent States.
A report from the council of the Or
der of ' Pendo in Los Angeles is to the
effect that before the close of the cur
rent month the membership will be in
creased by at least 200. As an earnest
of this assertion the council will, on the
evening of March 8, initiate a class of
forty-two.
Supreme Counselor Schaertzer re
turned last week from Grants Pass,
Or., where he went on business for
the order. During his stay there he
obtained a pledge from the members
of the council in that place that they
will remain with Pendo and not de
sert to Join another organization that
is working along the same lines.
Order of Pendo.
Eureka ; Valley Lodge, Ancient Or
der of United Workmen, gave an en
tertainment and dance recently, which
was attended by a very, large number
of people, in, fact as many as could
be comfortably accommodated in Mis
sion. Turn Verein Hall. There was an
excellent programme.
The district meeting in San Jose in
the latter, part of February was well
attended by the members of the sev
eral lodges in that city and by a large
number '.of strangers. The meeting
was addressed by the Mayor of the
city, Grand Master Browning. Grand
Recorder Spencer, Grand Corporate
Director* Peterson and Grand Organ
izer Freeman.
As a result of extension work in
Orovllle twenty- five applications were
presented to the local lodge during the
third . week ; in . February.
Up to February 20 eighty new appli-
The Workmen.
The tribe at Lemoore recently adopt
ed a class of forty-eight, and now has
twelve more palefaces that are to form
a class of twenty-five who are to be
adopted during the latter part of the
current month.
Calumet Tribe of this city is getting
ready for the' adoption c-f a class of
one hundred palefaces during the
month of April, at its second meeting,
when the work will be performed by
the tribe's own team. •• ::
On the last Tuesday in February the
team of Yosemite Tribe, which recent
ly was (he victor in the contest for the
adoption degree with Miantonomah
Tribe, presented to William Goldman,
the captain of the team, a beautiful
emblematic locket in appreciation of
his instruction, which resulted in the
team being victorious. This tribe has
appointed O." H. Butzke, J. Harris,
William Goldman, A. Ludeman, C.
West and George Dastugue a commit
tee to arrange for a grand ball to be
given in the latter part of April.
Umpqua Tribe of Hanford chartered
a special car to carry seventy-five of
Its members to Tulare oh March 2 to
enable them to be present at the Insti
tution of a new tribe in that city.
The time for the masquerade ball,
when the members of Modoc TriBe, Im
proved Order of Red Men, will appear
in Native Sons' Hall with other faces,
has been definitely fixed for April 9.
Al Hausman, past sachem of White
Eagle Tribe, is recovering from a se
vere attack of pneumonia.
E. Flagler, past sachem of Otonkah
Tribe and instructor of the degree work
for that tribe, was in the city last week
and called at the Post-street wigwam.
He reports Redmanship on the boom
in Napa, where the tribe named is lo
cated.
Metamoras Tribe of Redwood Clty>
will have a class to adopt on the night
of March 7.
Frank Deitz, chief ranger of Sha^y
nee Tribe of Woodland, was In this
city last week visiting the tribes for
the purpose of getting pointers to pre
sent to the Woodland Red Men.
Irrrprovcd Red Men.
California Castle of the Knights of
the Golden Eagle held an Interesting
open meeting In Coloma Hall In the
Native Sons' building on the last Wed
nesday in February. There was a large
assemblage of the members, their fam-'
Hies and friends. The following pro
gramme was presented for their enter
tainment: Words of welcome by
George A. McGowan, D.S. C; instru
mental selections, , M. Merki; songs and
imitations, of actors. M. Riquer; coon
specialties, A. E. Powell, late of the
Primrose and 'West minstrels, and se
lections by ' the ..' . Bohemian Quartet —
Earl G. Wright, C. A. Newbauer, Ar-
Golden Eagle Knights.
Enright Camp of the Royal Neigh
bors of America, the ladies' branch of
the Woodmen of America, has cho
sen the following named as its officers
for the current term: Mrs. Sadie V.
Davis, oracle; Mrs. Florence M. Ed
wards, vice oracle; Mrs. Gertrude A.
O'Neil, recorder; Mrs. Mary A. Glee
son, receiver; Mrs. Mary E. Hart,
chancellor; Miss Harriet E. Plow
man, marshal; Mrs. Nellie R. Case,
inner sentinel; Miss Cleo Simkins, out
er sentinel; Dr. William J. Bauer, Dr.
Melville E. Oneil, physicians; Mrs.
Catherine Loveland, Mrs. Marie A.
Hauser. A. J. Loveland, managers.
C. H. Cook, venerable consul of
Goodfellowship Camp, . having re
moved to Los Angeles, tendered his
resignation and H. H. Edwards was
elected'to fill the vacancy.
The following named are the of
ficers who have been chosen to rule
the destinies of Occidental Camp of
the Modern Woodmen of America,
which subordinate was instituted in
this city last week: Dr. Ralph Emory
Peck, venerable consul; S. C. C. Lunt.
worthy adviser; W. E. Lindsay, ex
cellent banker; C. S. Tate. clerk; W.
W. Ballenger, escort: Burrell G.
White/ watchman; Arthur Trout, sen
try. This camp has taken up its head
quarters in the Pythian Castle and
will meet on the second and fourth
Thursday of each month.
Modern Woodmen.
The foundation ha# been laid for the
eighth lodge in this city. It will be
composed of citizens of the Panhandle
district.
A new lodge of the order, the seventh
in this city, was instituted last week
by Supreme Deputy H. C. Lewis. It
has been named Yerba Buena, and will
secure quarters In the Odd Fellows*
building.
Columbia Lodge has appointed a com
mittee to arrange for a social event
to be given in the near future. This
lodge initiated eleven candidates at
the last two held meetings in February.
The order 'has been quite busy in
Alameda County. Oakland had twenty
five initiations in February, Maple
Lodge initiated twenty. East Oakland
had a class and Alameda Lodge initi
ated fourteen.
San Francisco Lodge of the Fraternal
Brotherhood will give an entertainment
and dance in its hall, in the Native
Sons' building, on March 14.
Western Addition Lodge gave a
pleasant social in its hall on the night
of March 3. There was a good attend
ance, and a pleasing programme was
offered.
The members ' of Progress Lodge of
the Fraternal Brotherhood enjoyed a
well arranged "Dolly Varden party"
in the assembly hall of the Red Men's
building on February 24. A large at
tendance, a good programme of music
and dances made up a pleasant even-
Ing.
Mission Lodge, the wide awake lodge
of the order in this city, had an inter
esting meeting February 18, on which
occasion five candidates were initiated.
THe same night several petitions for
membership were presented. This lodge
gave a leap year party on the night of
February 25 in Excelsior Hall. It was
carried out according to the most ap
proved leap year rules, and in addition
to' the dancing part of the programme
the charges, arrests and penalties im
posed on those that transgressed the
rules of the evening centered the atten
tion of all.
Fraternal Brotherhood.
Mission Chapter at its last meeting
elected a large numOer of candidates.
These will be initiated during the cur
rent month.
Golden Gate Chapter. O. E. S.. at
its meeting last week had several can
didates for Initiation. After the busi
ness of the evening there was a very
pleasant social time for the members.
Starr King Chapter at its last meet
ing in February disposed of routine
business in short order and then had
a night of pleasure for the members
and visitors. There was a pleasine*
programme of entertainment and a
grab bag. after which there was danc
ing and the serving of a collation and
ice cream. The meeting place in Devis
adero-street Hall was crowded to its
limit.
Olive Branch Chapter, Order of the
Eastern Star, is in mourning for one of
its past patrons. Dr. T. Byron de Witt,
who suddenly passed away last week
after an apoplectic stroke. At the last
meeting arrangements for an entertain
ment In contemplation were postponed
until after the usual period of mourn
ing.
Ivy Chapter has inaugurated a series
of whist games, but under the present
management this probably will be an
affair for members only. This chapter
has issued a bulletin to the effect that
It will not make any public announce
ment of its social functions.
Order Eastern Star.
craft in the Shiels building was well
attended, and uhd<»rthe supervision" of
Guardian Neighbor. Annie Prowse was
a delightful function. The programme
of entertainment'lncluded a piano re
cital by Miss Sadie Davis; vocal se
lections, Frank Mackel; fancy
dance, Irene Kamena; recitations. Miss
Alice Perrin, vocal selections. Master
Fay Dougherty; piano solo. Miss Viva
Perrin; songs of the d,ay, M. Dempsey,
Mrs. Storey and Sadie Davis. During
the meeting the guardian neighbor, on
behalf, of the circle, presented to "Past
Guardian Neighbor Mrs. Mary Mackel
a beautiful gold emblematic pin and
complimented her on her very success
ful term as guardian neighbor. The
recipient made a neat response and ex
pressed the- hope that the circle will
continue to grow arid increase in use
fulness and in spreading the principles
of fraternal benevolence. This was fol
lowed by the serving of • refreshments
and a collation and then dancing till
midnight.
-At a recent meeting of Golden Circle
the earnest work of Mrs. J. J. Mackel.
past guardian neighbor, was appreci
ated by, the circle, which presented her
with *a valuable pin to designate her
rank in the order. Mrs. Mackel is also
one of the trustees of Seneca Council
of the Degree of Pocahontas.r Mrs.
Lillie E. Meredith of the same circle,
who at the last held election was re
elected for the third time to the posi
tion of banker, is a very active frater
nallst, being past noble grand of Wal
halla Rebekah Lodge, I. O. O. F., Ger
man branch, a member of Seneca
Council, D. of P., and of the Eintracht
Frauen Verein.
cations for membership were filed in
the office of the grand recorder as a
result of work during tha^t month.
The grand recorder has received
from the supreme relief committee a
check for $15,000. to be applied to the
liquidation of claims pending in Cali
fornia.
The certificates of those members
of the order who took an option un
der the new plan have ,been revised
and forwarded to the several lodges.
The committee having charge of the
"hard times" party that is to be given
by Forget-Me-Not Lodge of the De
gree of Honor, has completed all ar
rangements for the affair, which is to
take place in Red Men's Hall on
March 17.
Valley Lodge has inaugurated a
series of whist games for members.
Valuable prizes 'will be awarded to the
winners.
The board of San Francisco depu
ties is arranging for a picnic during
the season and at its next meeting will
arrange, the details.
% Reports from the supreme office of
the 1 : order show that during the year
JM3 .the net gain in membership was
l5™123, increasing the total numerical
Companion Court Golden Gate gave
an enjoyable party in Franklin Hall
last week. A number of the dignitaries
of the order attended.
Deputy Supreme Chief Ranger G.
Q. Stewart paid an official visit to
Court Grizzly and Companion Court
Berkeley in joint session last week.
After the business of the meeting
there was a feast in the banquet hall.
High Chief Ranger Wirshing during
the last week, in company of High
Vice Chief Ranger Stewart and a.
number of the high officers, together
with the San Francisco deputies, paid
visits to Courts Precita.i Mission, Di
ana, Golden Gate, Yerba Bueria and
Companion Courts Golden Gate and
Yerba Buena. At each place the vis
itors were fraternally welcomed and
the high chief ranger was called upon
to say something for the good of the
visited court.
At the meeting of the board of dep
uties of San Francisco held last week
the statement was made that there
will be a competition between San
Francisco and Los Angeles in the mat
ter of securing members between now
and the end of next June. The win
ning city will be awarded a valuable
trophy. .
The Supreme Court has decided to
continue the premium heretofore of
fered until June 30. ¦ '. :
At a meeting of the high executive
committee of the High Court, High
Chief Ranger WIrshing and all officers
present, held last week. It was decided
to continue the bonus offered to mem
bers and which would have expired
March 1, to June 30.
After the installation of the officers of
the encampment of Royal Foresters Il
lustrious Commander G. Q. Stewart on
retiring from the station he filled since
the organization of that body was pre
sented a beautiful jewel of his rank. E.
N. Cameron succeeds him as com
mander.
The ball given by Eschscholtzia
Temple, Rathbone Sisters, in Golden
Gate Hall on 1 the third Monday in
February was a delightful affair that
was attended by a large number of
people, despite the inclement weather.
There was a good programme of
dances and good music to dance by.
?
Independents.
Golden Gate • Lodge 'No. 3 of the
Knights of' Pythias has resolved to
have an entertainment on the first meet
ing night each month during the cur
rent year. The first of these was
given on the evening of March 3, and
the programme was presented under
the name of "Eine Geselschaftische
Abend Unterhaltung." There was a
goo'd programme of varied numbers,'
which was greatly enjoyed by the targe
number of. those who responded' to the
notice to be present.
Past Chief Ida Mecredy, assisted by
Grand Protector Ida M. Brooks and
Past Chief Mrs. Robertson, installed
the following named as the officers of
San Francisco Temple No. 11 of the
Rathbone Sisters for the current term:
Maida C. Olney, past chief; Maude
Whlgham, ex-chief; Sallie Blackwell,
E. S.; Lavina Cope, E. J.; Elizabeth
Kull. M.; Emma Schoefield", M. of R.
and C; AnnU Terry, M. of F.; Jennie
Handel, P. of T.; Lizzie Burns, G. of
T.; Mrs. J. H. Keen, trustee. After
the installation ceremony Past Chief
Sarah Chamberlain, on behalf of the
temple, presented the retiring chief,
Mrs. Olney, with a beautiful jewel of
her rank in tha order. The recipient
then presented to Mrs. Newman, the
organist, a souvenir jelly spoon on
behalf of the temple in appreciation
of her instrumental renditions during
the last term.
Past Grand Chancellor George Sam
uels paid a \isit to Alemania Lodge in
the B'nai B'rith building last week and
delivered an interesting address to the
members.
During the second week in February
Brigadier General McGlashan, Adju
tant General Schaffner and Colonels
Crowley and Kidd inspected the com
pany of the uniform rank at Ukiah and
the one -at Healdsburg.
The third regiment of twelve com
panies of the uniform rank located in
Los Angeles and vicinity will, as a reg
iment, visit the World's Fair during the
session of the Supreme Lodge and the
encampment in St. Louis. v--
Grand Vice Chancellor R. F. Burns
has officially visited lodges as follows:
Oakleaf Lodge February 22, Lily Lodge
February 23. Yreka Lodge February 24,
Montague February 26 and Evergreen
February 27.
The installation of the officers of the
seventy companies of the uniform rank
in this State commenced February 13
and will continue until all officers are
sworn in. ' ¦ -A ."
Pythian Knights.
On the evening of the last Friday in
February there was a reunion of many
of the representatives of the local cir
cles, those of Oakland and of the
grand and past grand officers of the
Companions of the Forest of America
for the purpose of greeting the su
preme chief ranger of the Foresters
of America and his wife, who are
members of the Companions, on the
eve of their departure for home.
There was a short, programme of en
tertainment after an address of wel
come by Grand Secretary Cordy of the
Foresters of America. Then Supreme
Sub Chief Companion Mrs. Lizzie At
wood, on behalf of the San Francisco
Companions presented Mr?» Kelly with
a beautiful cut crystal vase and to
Mr. Kelly a beautifully decorated
stein. This was followed by the pres
entation on behalf of Mrs. Atwood to
Mrs. Kelly of a silk sofa cushion
cover, on which she had painted a
bunch of La France roses to, as was
said, "remind the recipient of the
beautiful flowers she had seen in mid
winter in San Francisco." After that
there were addresses by Jacob Label,
editor of the American Forester Re
view; Past Grand Chief Companions
Mrs. Emma Harrington, Mrs. N. «A.
Duke, Mrs. H. Worms and recitations
by Mr. Burroughs of Court Seal Rock.
The class initiation to be given by
the monster initiation committee on
March 21 in Golden Gate Hall will be
followed by a grand ball, for which
invitations are out.
Supreme Chief Ranger Kelly of New
Jersey teems unable to tear himself
away from California, for he started
two •weeks: ago- to make a tour of visi
tations to courts in the southern part
of the State, and it was announced
that he would then leave for home via
the southern route, but he changed his
mind and last week returned to this
city for a few days. Since he left San
Francisco he has. accompanied by the
prand chief ranger of the State, H. A.
Gabriel, ar.d part of the time by Past
Grand Chief Ranger E. I. Wolfe, Grand
Secretary Cordy and Jacob Label, edi
tor of the American Forester Review,
visited courts in the southern part of
the State, the places visited being
Fresno, Hanford, Los Angeles, San
Diego and other localities on the line.
He was received with great hon
ors, was banqueted at each place
and was given pome valuable
token of fraternal love to remind him
of the particular section in which the
donors live. And in the giving of tok
ens Mrs. Kelly, who accompanied him,
was not forgotten.
Court Sutro Heights has introduced
a new dogn^e for the benefit of its mem
bers and those of the order who
may wish to take it. It is to be con
ferred at least once a month, or oftener,
"*if there is a class of candidates. It
will be given at the close of the reg
ular business. It is known as the "Or
der of the D. O. G.," and the ritual
*hows that it is pleasing, entertaining,
full of innocent fun and calculated to
drive away the blues. Under the su
pervision of Ben Eisner, as chairman
of the committee, the new degree was
conferred on several candidates last
week and declared to be instructive,
exhilarating and striking in its many
features. It was eo well received that
there is reason to believe that it will
become very popular.
Grand Junior Woodward H. L. Simon
recently paid an official visit to Court
Sdusalito and was well received. Aft
er he had delivered an interesting end
eloquent address, Joseph Josephs, the
financial secretary, was presented with
a handsome and valuable gold badge
by the court in recognition of faithful
services 6ince he has been in office.
Court Eclipse has appointed the fol
lowing named » committee to arrange
for a ball in Golden Gate Hall in cel
ebration of the court's twenty-first an
niversary: L. H. Enomark. O. H.
Pressing, T. B. Goodwin, J. A. Eridge
wood, J. R. Davies, C. L. Nelson and
A. Lepkey.
Charles A. Root, grand senior wood
ward, visited Court Paragon last week.
Last Thursday, in compapy with
Past Grand Chief Ranger Judge
Hughes of Sacramento. he paid
a visit to the court in Marys
ville. Thr<r-e who prognosticate that
which may happen at the next session
of the Grand Court are of the
opinion that the grand senior
Woodward is the next logical
candidate for the office of grand
chief ranger for the reason that
Grand Hub Chief Ranger John H.
Foley of Los Angeles, who would be
in line for promotion, has stated that
he will not be a candidate for the of
fice, business engagements preventing
him from attending to the duties that
are imposed upon the highrst officer
of the order. The grand senior wood
ward has been a. very active worker
for the order and his friends declare
that he is eminently qualified for the
higher office.
There was a good attendance at the
leap year party given by James G.
Blaine Circle in the Alcazar on the
last Wednesday in February. There
was a long programme of dances and
this kept the assemblage together un
til a late hour.
vocal selection by little Jennie Har
rington, Miss Worms and others. Then
there was dancing. .v '-
At the February meeting of the San
Francisco Cabinet of the National
Union a proposition -was presented that
the eight councils of this city have a
day and night at the Chutes, under the
auspices of the cabinet, and a commit
tee was appointed to make a report on
the advisability of such an event.
California Council at its meeting oa
the first "Wednesdav in March had a
very pleasant entertainment after tha
regular business was at an end. Under
the direction of Speaker E. C. Ker,
there was a very enjoyable programme
of musical and literary numbers.
Columbia Assembly of the Ladles of
the National Union on the fourth
Thursday in February had a large at
tendance and after the close of the as
sembly there was an interesting game
of progressive whist. The ladles of
this assembly, who are determined to
carry out to the fullest the social fea
ture of the National Union, have ar
ranged to give a Japanese tea in It3
hall in the Red Men's building on the
night of the 24th of the current month.
National Union.
thur Moyee and Charles Hanks, with
C Kelly, accompanist- The committee
In charge was Sir Knights G. W.
Bumm. H. W. Gantner and W. O. Mac
dougall. The castle has decided to give
a social event on the last Wednesday
of each month.
This castle had several applications
presented to it at Its first meeting in
March.
Sir Knight F. TV. Amman has Just
returned from an extended trip
throughout the East and reports the
order there in a flourishing condition.
He also reports that the Supremo
Castle will place organizers In the
"Western States.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, MARGH 6. 190J.
18
ECHOES FROM THE LODGE ROOMThe Tivoll has an excellent bill in
"The Gypsy Baron," in which Signor
Russo has made a triumphant * debut
in English.
The ' California . will have an attrac
tive engagement this week in "The
DRAMATIC MENU
FOR NEXT WEEK
AT LOCAL THEATERS
Marion Crawford, who was Judge In
the Theater Magazine's recent play
competition. - answers . in the Morning
Telegraph of New York the criticisms
which the performance of the prize
drama drew forth in some quarters as
follows:
"In the matter of the prize , play,
'The Triumph of Love,' I do not feel
that I am in any way called upon to
defend the choice made by Mr. Wil
liam Seymour and myself. The task
we accepted was not an easy one. Be
tween . 200 and 300 plays were sent In
for ; the 'Theater's competition, - from
which we were expected to select the
one which, on the whole,' seemed most
suitable . for production, ; precisely in
the state into which it .came •• Into our
hands.. It is obvious • that' after oui
choice was made it would have "been
unfair for us to make < any suggestion
INTERESTING BITS
OF GOSSIP ABOUT
PLAYS AND ACTORS
actors taking part in it are most of
them playing engagements at other
theaters; when unforeseen accidents
make it necessary for new interpreters
to be found for some of the minor
parts, at two or three days' notice,
because those who had attended re
hearsals so far were suddenly called
away from town with their respective
companies; when scenery, properties,
and the like, have to be got together
more or less hastily; and when a great
many of the people concerned, but not
visible to the public, look upon the
whole affair either as a nuisance or a
sort of outing, or theatrical picnic. It
is an extremely severe test of any
dramatic performance; and I have no
hesitation in saying thaty on the pres
ent occasion, the actors and all con
cerned deserve high praise "for the
general smoothness of the production.
"Some of the critics have expressed,
more or less, wittily and ironically, a
certain amount of pity for me, as hav
ing been obliged to go through so
much material before making a
choice. In expressing my thanks to
those who were really sincere In tak
ing this view, I should like to say that
I am not at all to be pitied. It is not
an easy task, as I have said, but it
was emphatically an Interesting one.
an honorable one — a task which any
man of letters should be glad to un
dertake, both for itself and for what
he must learn in fulfilling it conscien-
Robert Edeson is not coi-lent to be
a merely successful star. He has been
taking a chance at playwrighting now
for some time. He produced at the
Actors' Church Alliance benefit in New
York a one-act lay piece entitled "A
New Alliance," which was well liked
by the critical professional audience.
In addition Mr. Edeson is also collab
orating with Byron Ongley on a dram
atization of Stewart Edward White's
novel, "Conjurer's House," which may
soon be produced by Manager Harris.
Fay Templeton has gone to St. Aug
ustine. Fla., where she has taken a
cottage for the rest. of the season. It
is probable that she will not appear
again in public until next September;
whatsoever to the author of the suc
cessful play.
"Out of the whole number of plays
sent in seventeen were selected for mt
to read: and I read them with the ui
most care and impartiality. Of these
seventeen Mr. Seymour and myself set
aside five, which we considered to be
distinctly the best; of these, five, which
we then read over the second time, we
selected two as being distinctly bet
ter than the other three; we then reaa
these, two a third time, and agreed
without the slightest discussion that
the one which most nearly filled tht
required conditions was 'The Triumph
of Love.' I say this to show that the
selection was not made hastily.
"No one will venture to say that Mr.
Seymour is not a competent judge ot
plays from a theatrical point of view.
It was more especially my duty, I un
derstand, to judge of the literary mer
its of the work chosen. With regard
to this I have nothing to say as to my
own competency.
"I would draw attention to the fact
that there was never any difference of
opinion between Mr. Seymour and my
self. Our duties, voluntarily under
taken, . undoubtedly ended when our
choice was made. Those who doubt
that this choice was wise may possibly
obtain the privilege of reading between
200 and 300 "plays for themselves, in
order to form an opinion; but no one
has the rizht to doubt that it was
conscientious and impartial.
"I have no hesitation In saying"~fqr
myself, and I believe that I am safe
in saying for Mr. Seymour, that if we
had to choose again we should main
tain that pur. final selection ,was the
only one possible under the condi
tions.
"With, regard to the performance a*
the Criterion Theater, it would be
most unbecoming of me to make any
criticism of the. play, and I think that
the performance itself was extremely
creditable. No one unacquainted with
the: practical side of theatrical mat
ters can understand - ho w ; very hard It
is to do Justice, even to 'the best play
in the world, When a single perform
ance of it * is to be given ; when the
BAUER TELLS WHY HE GAVE UP THE VIOLIN.
Chief Justice," with Daniel Sully In
the leading role.'
For this week the Alcazar an
nounces "At the White Horse Tavern,"
one of the prettiest comedies ever made.
The -Grand Opera-house, dark for
the week, announces Mrs. Fiske's en
gagement of March 21, in "Mary ? of
Magdala."
? • ?
• This evening will be a gain and fun
eral affair combined at Fischer's, with
the farewell performance of Kolb and
Dill. The little house will be cram
med to its utmost, for the two fun
makers are deservedly great favorites.
To-morrow evening "The Rounders"
will be put on, with the new come
dians, Richard F. ; Carroll and John P.
Kennedy.
The Central has a more than com
monly interesting bill this week in
"Rip Van Winkle," the famous old
comedy-drama. The piece will be
staged with particular care.
The Orpheum retains the latest
vaudeville sensation in Nirvana and
her statue horse, Loki, and the new
comers include the clever Barrows-
Lancaster Company in "When Geor
gina Was Eighteen."
Kelly and Violette are among the
Chutes entertainers with other good
people.
stating modestly that his theories were
merely personal, but curiously well
borne out by the facts.
"What do you notice, for example,
here?" he asked, playing a measure or
two of the Chopin march, the Beetho
ven C fiat one, a measure of the
Mendelssohn, "that they consist largely
of repeated notes, that the intervals
are small, the time slow, the key minor.
To me thece is a very subtle physical
connection here. How does grief, de
cay, affect the body? The heart's action
is slower, the walk depressed, the head
held down. There is very little inflec
tion in the voice — except In de
spair — your short intervals. - The cry
of grief stops short in the scale.
The melody, is in the bass very fre
quently — think of the many marches
you know. Now the .repeated note —
what is the geometrical idea of death?
Something, look you. that is unswerv
ing, the straight line, the only certain
thing. Only so can it be suggested, and
in music the repeated note is its
synonym."
"Do you think the composer is con
scious of these things?"
"Not necessarily at all. It is prob
ably wholly a subconscious > associa
tion."
Then a knock at the door introduced
a man and a new trunk for Mr. Bauer.
This was not at all remarkable, but in
giving out two old ones that had been
In a baggage-smashing picnic the pian
ist himself carried one to the door.
"Wen't that hurt your hands?" I
asked, horrified. *
"Will it?" he asked, simply; "I
never thought of it."
"Now, may I know whether you com
pose or npt before I go?!' , ' .,
Mr. Bauer looked quizzically at me
and' replied: "I smoke and drink only.
I have no other vices."
Here is the Boston Transcript on our
old friend Creatore. who. by the set
of press notices in this direction, seems
to be- heading 'this way. It will not
surprise to learn that he appears
to be creating just the kind and sizt*
of furor in the East that he created
here, and I think most of us would be
glad to see him. But here is the*
Transcript, most conservative of Jour
nals, on the volcanic conductor:
"No conductor who has yet appeared
in Symphony Hall has ever secured
such sounds of thunder, such amazlns
variations of rhythm, as has Mr. Crea
tore. He is likely to set Boston music
mad, as it I3 stated he did in New
York. He Is not only the most pictur
esque of conductors that ever was seen
here, but he Is, besides, a masterly
leader of men. who has his musicians
under perfect control, ¦ insomuch that
everything is played with wonderful
effectiveness, with force, sympathy and
nice discrimination. It leans to cli
maxes of the most abrupt, fearful sort.
After you get used to them you learn
to anticipate them with a sort of joy
ousness. It would be hard to imagine
a band playing the '"William Tell* and
Tannhauser* overtures in a more In
spiring fashion. In these and the op
eratic excerpts Creatore and his band,
are In their element, and fairly lift
one off his feet."
"Will Greenbaum announces fou?
Wagner lectures for the near future by
Mrs. Raymond Brown at Lyric HalL.
There will be musical Illustrations by
Mrs. Brown — well known as a pianist
as Gertrude Foster— and her subjects
will be "The Ring." "Die Meister
singer," "Tristan and Isolde" anct
"Parsifal."
On his way to San Francisco Harold
Bauer was by way of giving a con
cert in the wilds of. Arizona— In Phoe
nix, to be particular. The pianist's
programme, it is related, was to be a
request one. Naturally the event
aroused large interest among the local
musicians, whose numbers, however,
are small compared with the prevailing
Indian and burro. Of which more later.
But the musicians, as the Phoenix re
porters say. made ¦ up in enthusiasm
what they lacked in numbers and pre
pared to do their swelle3t. The bis
chief after much pondering preferred
the following request, the Fifth Sym
phony of Beethoven, the intermezzo
from "Cavalleria Rusticana" and the
Schubert-Tausisr "Marche Militaire"—
the tag end of the memory of a Car
reno holiday doubtless. The last two
mattered not, the request ran patheti
cally, but the Fifth Symphony the gen
tlemen must have! As Mr. Bauer es
caped with his boots he must have
found some other means of pacifying
the symphonic passion of Phoenix.
Here is the programme he did give,
with 500 Indian children In the audi
ence. The hall promised to be too large
for the two musicians of Phoenix, and
Mr. Bauer invited the Indians to en-
Joy the feast. I asked him why the
classical programme. "No other kind
would have been any fun," he said.
Here it is:
"Carnival" (Schumann) — Prelude. Clown
Harlequin. Slow Waltz, Eusebius.. Florestan.
Flirt, Duet. Butterflies. Danclnsr Letters. Es
trella, Chopin, Chiarina, Recognition. Panta
loon and Columbine. German Waltz, Paganlni.
Confession. Promenade. Pause. March A*ain.«t
the Philistines. Finale: (a) "Air de Ballet"
(Gluck-Saint Saens). <b) Sonata In A (Scarlat
ti), (c) Rondo Capriccioso (Mendelssohn): <a)
Prelude (Rachmaninoff). fb> Rondo — opus 123 — ¦
(Beethoven), (c) Polonaise In A flat (Chopin):
(a) Prelude In A flat (Chopin) (b) Etud3
(Moszkowskl), (c) Rhapsody (Liszt).
An announcement of much interest to
musicians and music lovers is that of
the thrte concerts to be given by the
Minettl string quartet in the near fu
ture. They are dated for the afternoons
of March 23. April 8 and April 22. Misa
Frances Rock will be pianist of the se
ries, and the following interesting pro
grammes have been arranged. Thoy
will be given at the popular Lyric Hall:
Friday afternoon, March 25 — String
quartet In D minor, op. 75 (Bazzini);
(a) lento from quartet in F major, op.
96 (Dvorak), (b) Sehr lustig. moeglith
rasch. from quartet in D- minor, op.
77 (Raff): piano quartet in B flat. op. 41
(Saint-Saens).
Friday afternoon. Aprjl 8 — "Death
and the Maiden." quartet in D minor,
op. 14 (Schubert); "Chaconne," for vio
lin alone (Bach): piano trio in G minor,
op. 15 (Smetana).
Friday afternoon. April 22 — Piano and
violin sonata in G minor, op. 30 (Arthur
Foote); piano solo, selected; string sex
tet in D minor, op. 70. "Souvenir da
Florence" (P. Tschaikowsky).
A recent Issue of Pearson's Magazine
contained the following expression from
Charles B. Sanford In response to the
question, "Why does Shakespeare ap
peal to actor and audience?":
"To my mind the potency with which
Shakespeare appeals both to actor and
audience defies close analysis; It is
something of the same appeal which
the beauty of a landscape, the bril
liancy of the star-lighted heavens or
the blending magnificence of a sunset
sky exerts. Yet thl3 much is sure
human beings feel the closest and most
intense interest in the doings of one
another. The same curiosity which in
spires humbler minds to wonder what
the neighbors are having for dinner
moves the student to apply himself to
the folk-lore of savages and the deci
phering of cuneiform inscriptions. It is
Shakespeare's close and truthful Inter
pretation of human nature, even more
than' the splendid poetry with which
his thoughts are expressed, that stimu
lates the enthusiasm of the actor and
calls forth the rar>t attention of the
auditor. Shakespeare's appeal both to
actor and audience rests upon the fact
that he has written himself as one who
loved his fellow men."
Richard Mansfield has just produced
"Ivan the Terrible." He is presenting
the piece at the New Amsterdam Thea
ter, New YorK. His metropolitan en
gagement is limited to two weeks owing
to the special tour planned for the
West.
E. H. Sothern after a very prosperous
New York run in his great success "The
Proud Prince" has started on a tour
and is, meeting with even more pro
nounced a welcome than he did with
"If I Were King."
It was impossible not to suspect Mr.
Bauer from the first — of being a great
man. A groat pianist I was prepared to
find; the great man is another story.
By the grace of the pianist's local man
ager Mr. Bauer consented to chat with
me on Tuesday afternoon last in h!a
rooms at the Princeton. It took the in
terviewer — r.o miracle — Just two min
utes to find him out. The very fashion
of his posing, "standing in" to help
with the possible shifting of a piano,
taking this and that attitude with ut
most simplicity and directness, of his
fjuaint advice to the camera man
aeainst a. profile, pave Mr. Bauer com
pletely away. Later moments con
fumed the diagnosis, and mine Is the
fault if he does not so appear here.
There are times when— say Plerpont
Morgan's berth, or any other — has at
tractions for the Interviewer. Such
momenta as Mr. Bauer granted me on
Tuesday last are not of them. For,
kok you, reverence is a rare and gra
cious privilege. The mighty little folk
of the earth — God bless us — are forever
persuading to the uselessness of things,
the droll, pitiable, stupendous littleness
of one's kind. But lo, behold the
prophet, the 6pire on the horizon, the
lifted eye and life gathers meaning even
unto a god!
I'm sure I did not mean to cast Mr.
Bauer as a spire. Doubtless, too, no
one will be more amused thereat than
the modest pianist, for he has amply
this grace of genius. But so he looms
up to me, on the somewhat Dutch hori
zon of our late music.
The photographic maneuvers gave
me valued opportunity to take In Mr.
Bauer's characteristic outside. Natur
ally one made first for his hair! There
is much of it, curled like Bacchus', and
colored like sunned bronze. It fits ad
mirably a face consistently merry out
side of camera limits, eyes droll and
brown — that disappear in the frequent
smile, the sensuous under lip. The
other Bauer is no less evident in the
firm chin, broad, thinker's brow, the
Napoleonic nose. I was later to hear
the square, delicate fingers on the keya,
by which they were lying, and for tn«
r<-Ft Mr. Bauer is neither short nor
tall, but generously and sturdily filled
in and radiantly wholesome of person
ality. He left the piano stool for a
sumptuously cushioned rocker when the
artist left us and asked the fitting
cigarette.
"Of course," I began, "I want to
know most how you came to desert the
violin for the piano, Mr. Bauer?"
The pianist, it is well known, was a
wender-child violinist, and until ten
years ago was known by his fiddling.
'It is a long story," the pianist pre
faced. "Can you really stand it?
Think first."
To very sure I can." I laughed.'
He asked then, "Does it really seem
very stranj?e. to you?"
"Deserting the violin for the piano?
Yes." I replied. It is to be remem
bered that I had not then heard the
orchestral pianism of Mr. Bauer.
"But why?"
"But, monsieur, you interview me!
Oh, of course, because of the greater
responsiveness of the vioiin. its near
ness to the voice, because there is so
much less between one and the music
with the violin."
"There is more than mere perfection
of tone involved." Mr. Bauer leaned
forward to emphasize. "With the vio
lin one has to deal mostly with single
line. Harmony, for the single player,
is lacking. The effects are necessarily
limited. Then look at the repertoire.
What have you? Look at the concer
tos, fine as they are, Mendelssohn,
Max Bruch, Beethoven, how many are
there? And the sonatas. There's
Bach, Beethoven, and after them
what? Mostly inferior stuff. There
is something that cries out for more
after a time."
I grasped a little as I looked at this
new Alexander, so charmingly simple
in his imperial ambition, and queried.
So it is the larger world of the piano
that appealed?"
"Exactly." he nodded. "A lifetime
is not long enough to know it. Of
< ourse, the violin does come closer to
the voice — the ideal music. And the
string quartet comes nearer perfection
than any other Instrumental music.
But I've done all that. I suppose I
could sit and play any of the quar
tets by heart even now — the notes,
you know." Mr. Bauer announced
this with quite the air of pride I
should assume in claiming that I
could read the* morning paper!
"But you are glad that you can play
them ?"
"Ah, yes!" he said heartily. Isn't
there yet another world unesploited,
Mr. Bauer? Your vibrant barytone
Hi'jr?f-sts it. "It means bo much to
one's understanding of the piano —
on'- s musical understanding. One be
gin? to think, or should begin to
think, all music from the vocal basis.
The violin comes next. A knowledge
of their limitations — the voice and
violin tribe — seems indispensable to
the •- *»*'»U~-There-is- something dry.
, abotst- pi.-tr.u playing that is
not . • errounrt«<l. Tht breath of life
not i-. !t— tlic saving human imper
"lt is the phrase, isn't It?"
"Prtcipely. actually the breath, the
upstroke and downstrnke of the bow.
Mature ixf th" trick for f ynu with the
voice the violia is *o made, but with
a dry; mechaujcei . r -wy**nt like the
piano, tu» pls.y*-r h^sT to. supply the
"Put you i^aven't told me yet, Mr.
* hat decided you lo the piano —
mechanirn' liitlrument" — the
He lighted anotner cigarette to the
story, and first repeating his question:
"You really want to know? It is a
rambling sort of tale. But I always
dabblei with the piano, you know. My
sister is a good pianist, and there was
always all sorts of music round at
home. A teacher I knew used to give
me hints— I saw him only irregularly—
and I courageously tried everything
in sight. It was never serious though.
I was studying always the violin, play
fug in public, and without the slightest
intention of being anything but a vio
linist."
"Where were you studying?"
"In London, my home, with Pollitzer
—probably the most successful violin
teacher there. Well, then"— he smiled
at the reminiscence — "one day my
friend of the piano sent me to play
a second piano for Paderewski, who
always practiced his concertos with him
In London. Of course I went. Natur
ally, Paderewskl assumed that I was
a pianist, and asked me afterward to
play some solos for him— just out of
kindness. I told h^m I couldn't, of
course, and then told him I was a vio
linist. He was Interested, and asked
me to come over to Paris and play
for him if I decided to leave the vio
lin for the piano — and he rather advised
it."
"And so it was decided?"
"Not at all." the pianist laughed. "I
never thought of It then. But I went
to Paris soon afterward and decided
forty-eight hours after I got there that
it should be my home forever. That
meant starving Just then— those garret
stories are occasionally true"— they
might be as humorous as true from
Mr. Bauer's keenly apparent delight
In the memory of his own garret days.
He looks backward, not unimportantly,
over a goodly shoulder.
"Latin quarter?" I asked.
"Latin quarter." he nodded. "I
wouldn't have missed it for anything.
You mustn't take the starving too Be
riously; we sponged N on our friends
when we were hungry— and when they
were not sponging on us."
"Oh, Colline, and Schaunard, and Ru
dolf!" I laughed.
'But we did starve for cigarettes.
That is why"— "he looked with droll
tenderness at the one In his hand—
"that is why we value them so highly
now. "We used to keep the ends in
a tin box and smoke them. Got them
strong to make them go further. But
It was really a very happy time.
Achille Rivarde. the violinist, he has
been here — "
"I remember him."
"Lived with me. I gave violin les
sons for the pot-au-feu, and studied
the violin steadily for a year; the piano
also for fun."
"With Paderewskl V
"No. 1 saw very little of him that
year. He was away on tour a great
deal. But I played for him when he
was in Paris, and you can understand
profited a great deal. But by sheer
hazard it came my way to go with a
singer to Russia as a pianist, her own
accompanist having disappeared. I
would have done anything, you know,
and accepted joyfully. There were fifty
concerts in four monrths. Still the af
fair was simply a little Joke musically—
nc-t as to the pot-au-feu.. Then came
a violinist of the Lamoureux orchestra
with a demand that I should play
piano for him. Then the leading Lamou
reux cellist invited me to be the pianist
at some concerts of his. I wanted to
play the violin, but he insisted on my
playing piano. Some are born pianists,
you see; others have the piano thrust
upon them. It was the same afterward,
another singer, then another violinist."
"Fate — "
"Apparently, yes. My experience is
probably unique. If" — Mr. Bauer spec
ulated through the pleasant haze of his
cigarette— "if I had not been hard up,
if my teacher in London had not one
day been ill, if— it's all if— it might
have happened that I should not have
been a pianist. Of course, then I began
to play seriously."
"Some of us were trying the other
day to put piano playing into a sen
tence," I remarked here. "Is this a
complete definition 'to play the right
notes in the right time with the right
weight?' "
"Ah! That's very interesting," the
pianist said. He leaned forward to look
with a keen impersonal scrutiny at the
definer. "The right notes, in the right
time, with the right weight, you said?
It is — nothing else."
"But some of us feel that there IS an
immaterial something else," I ventured.
"Look at the deadly ugliness of the me
chanical piano."
"No, there is nothing else," Mr. Bauer
said slowly. He went to the piano and
struck harshjy a note and its neighbor
to illustrate. "The mechanical piano
has only this touch, from the top to
the bottom of the sound. That is why
it is so ludicrously imperfect. The fin
ger" — he 'struck, caressed, stroked the
note until it purred and saner luscious
ly, never reaching the hard bottom of
it, nor touching its sharp upper edge —
"the finger has all sorts of possibilities.
But the difference is ALL WEIGHT.
It can be only louder or softer. Give the
same dynamic capacities to the me-,
chanitfal piano and your result would
be the same."
**I3ut one feels " •
"I'm afraid it is shocking to say that
I think there is nothing immaterial
about piano playing," and Mr. Bauer
shook back his bronze locks and
laughed most infectiously. "It is exact
ly what you say, 'the right notes, the
right time and the right weight.' One
feels that it is derogatory to the art to
take away some mysterious magic fluid
— whatever you like to call it. Not so;
the further you can go in analysis the
more respect one should have for the
art. Such bricks from such straw!"
Somehow, then programme music
came up, with the question of whether
it was possible for a piece of music to
suggest a definite idea. Wagner's leit
motif, of course, suggested itself.
"Of course, association plays a large
part in programme music. For exam
ple—Why dees the king theme in 'Loh
engrin' suggest a king? It is the com
mon chord, with trumpets, and the her
alds never play anything but common
chords on trumpets. The Elsa theme is
more subtle, yet also with a physical
basis." He sprang to the piano, played
it. then sang it, dropping his head with
the despairing last notes. "Is any one
coming to my defense? No, there is no
one." he quoted.'
"The Rheingold prelude suggests
water amazingly," I recall, "only one
chord—"
"Only one water," Bauer phrased it;
"one water, with the light and play on
the surface; the melody" — he played it
— then some measures of the "Marchen
von der Schonen Melusine," *of Men
delssohn; "the same subject, same
treatment. This again is asso
ciation, and something more," ho
went on, this time the "Siegfried"
sword theme. "Your common chord
gives the effect of force, the final for
eign note the piercing effect — but you
must not let me talk of these things; It
is my hobby."
"Exactly what I want, Mr. Bauer."
Th^n in keen and subtle fashion the
pianist analyzed for me the reason
why the funeral march is the most eas
ily recognizable of movements: why.it
Is so singularly similar in character.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH. 6, 1904.
At the Columbia to-morrow night the
great musical comedy success, "The
Silver Slipper," will be produced with'
all the New York appointments, and a
company numbering more than a hun
dred.
19
WITH THE PLAYERS AND THE MUSIC FOLKMiss Lucie King. Mrs. Ferdinand
Stephenson, Miss Mabel Hogg. Miss
Florence Callaghan and many, other
On Friday, the 25th. the Doctor's
Daughters will hold a horse show at
the new academy out by the park. The
"musical ride" of last year is said to
be entirely distanced by the stunts
programmed for the affair, and inter
est is growing 1 by leaps and bounds as
the time draws near.
• • *
Mrs. Briggs will return to her nor
thern home In two weeks, and will be
accompanied by her sister. Miss Louise
Tillmann, -who has, on previous visits,
made things interesting for the hand
some young Englishmen of the north
west.
arrival precluded any possible social
gayeties.
"Heavings!!' .• Will our* men ever
learn to eat decently and . dress proper
ly? They are at heart good fellows,
and tin. mental and 'moral; qualities
quite equal our Gotham friends, .but; ye
gods, how they 'eat! And how they
dress! V . - ' . ... :# .
r It's Miss: Helen Johnson who tells us
— what > we /always have v known— that
"Eating is one of the chief concerns in
The theater party given on Tuesday
by Mr.- Gross was attended by the fol
lowing:', Mrs. Iieslle M. Shaw and the
Misses .<Shaw, • wife and daughters of
the Secretary j of ; the I United States
Treasury; . Commissioner of Public
Works T. P. Woodward and .wife, ex-
Congressman Julius Kahn arid e and
Mrs>Prag.- Mr. and "Mrs.- Kahn enter
tained the same party at dinner' on
Sunday riight ; and after dinner a tour
of Chinatown was made.- ' '¦' ' .
. Mrs. Walter Magee's luncheon at the
Palace was one of rare gobdfellowship,
including Miss Virginia Jolliffe, Miss
Ethel Dean, Tom Drlscoll, Joe Tobln
Jr. and Cyril Tobin. '
At the dinner of Mr.' and Mrs. r Jo
seph S. Spear the following guests were
present besides the guests of honor:
Colc-nel F. S. Stratton and Mrs._Strat
tbn. Colonel John P. Irish- and. Mrs.
Irish, William B. Hamilton and Mrs.
Hamilton, Chauncey St. John, Frank
Daugherty, Judge Samuel P. Hall, Dr.
Blue and Mrs. Alexander Sharon.
On Thursday next old Blingum will
make merry with the saint and the
devil, when Mrs. Andrew McCreery
and Mrs. Frank Carolan will give a
Mi-careme carnival at the Burlingame
clubhouse. fc'-*:A- ¦¦ ' * • "'. ¦•
and laughs and jests as though 'twere
merry May.
Mr. and Mrs. Edward Hills, Lake en
tertained a large party of friends at
the charming game ''of 500. at their
home on Clayton street. .
Thus is the social -week ; at an end— a
tame, inoffensive, restful week. , But
here comes the Mi-Careme now., when
mirth emerges from her grayish cloak
FRIDAY
WEDNESDAY.
Wedding of Miss Anita Goodwin of
Victoria, B. C, -and I -Walter .. H.
Croweli., ¦'¦¦¦; ¦:- ¦;. ,v.
Wedding of Miss Sue Wheelock and
Harry Willard Armour.
Miss Amy Gunn entertained a few
friends at luncheon. / t
THURSDAY.
Wedding of Miss Mabsl Son and
Joseph S. Goldsmith of Baltimore.
Shakespearean reading at the Unita
rian Church by Marshall Darragh.
Theater party in honor of Mrs. Shaw
and- the r Misses Shaw, William . B.;
Grosf, host. - V 1 ¦: . • '
Miss Myra Nickerson's bridge party.
Frank G. Allen's luncheon at the Pal
ace.
Miss Charlotte Ellin wood's bridge
party. - :
Wedding of Charles Franklin Eck
art and Miss Edith M.* Clay (of Ala
meda) in Honolulu. i '^i-v\Aw." t
Mrs. Robert Hooker's bridge party. *
Mrs. George Howe's luncheon' in, the
Palm Garden of the Palace. v t t*-VT'
Mrs. Joseph S. Spear's dinner to Mrs.
Leslie- M. Shaw., wife or the Secretary
of the Treasury, and her daughters.
Miss Emma and Miss Enid.
Mrs.'Charles H. Bentley's luncheon to
Miss Park of New York.
F. B. Fish's dinner at the Palace.
-Mrs. Walter Magee's luncheon at the
Palace.
TUESDAY.
SOCIETY MAIDS WHO SEW FOR CHARITY.
Though Lent is above, and about us,
there is an undercurrent of gayety
abroad. Luncheons, bowling affairs,
dinners, and . lastly bridge— dear,
blessed bridge — have saved the women
from ennui., "Stagnation," they say,
"is a pernicious thing." Hence the in
formal pursuance of pleasure.
Monday brought several pleasant af
fairs, notably;
- • . • • i
That was a charming affair that Mrs.
George Hastings gave to heiyfriends on
Saturday last, when the farce, "Ici on
Parle Francais," was .presented. And
right cleverly did the following cast
pronounce their lines:
Miss Anna j Livingston, Miss Aida
Hastings, Miss Zita Hastings, Miss Es
ther Lambert. Harry W. ! Sea well,
Frank Erlln and Charles D. Holmah.
Miss Zita Hastings in the part of Mary
Ann, the Irish servant girl, did excel
lent work. A leap-year dance followed
the performance. - Those present were:
Judge and Mrs. James M. Seawell,
Mrs. : J. C. Jordan of Boston, Mrs. R.
Derby, Mrs. W. G. Dodge, Mrs. E. H.
Rlx, Miss Polly Tongue of Portland,
Ore.; Mf s * E. H. Palmer of New York,
Mrs. H.M. Hastings. Mrs. C. F. Hol
man. Misa Florence Holman. Miss H.
Hastings, Miss Marie ver Mehr, Miss
Hasel Hobson, Miss Ruth Higby.'Miss
Cornelia Curtis,. Miss Levy, , Francis
Boland, f Newton Kelsey, Joseph Hill,
William Knowles, Alan Diamond, Ar
thur Holman,' Stuart ver Mehr. Wal
lace Hastings, Vernon Alvord, Jack
Fletcher and William Douglas.
will surely dominate San Mateo. .
The Martin contingent., with dear,
good, kindly Eleanor presiding,' will be
much in evidence during the coming
summer. The Walter Martins will
take quarters in San Mateo, ' so,- too,
will the Downey-Harveys. 'with Anita
Harvey as a prospective debutante ot
next winter. Both the Harvey girls
are clever mentally and have devoted
much time to athletics. The Martins
From indiscriminate discussion it : is
learned that the service of the Martin
dinners is distinctly de rigueur —
and that dear Mrs. Peter brought .put.
her own beautiful silver and gold
dinner service for our' "edification..
Now that was a kind act, and-deserv
ing of proper recognition, .for .what
should we who mine the minerals
know of their civilized state in dinner
service? Here's to Mrs. Peter for her
"tips."
Of course you have heard of-*'' the
new Martin dinner service.' Those
Martin dinners have been Xewportian
in grandeur and good fellowship.
Who is there who has the stupidity, to
question the advantage of the advent
of new blood In our social life?
the Blingumites will have, during the
impending summer, a sample of real
Newport life — all save the bathing
stunts, which, alas! are not to be had
at Blingum. My! but what a feast
for cameras Blingum would be if only
old ocean had the forethought to
move in farther.
Welcome news! The Peter Martins
fire to be — for a whole season — among
us! They have engaged a plaee in
Ssn M.-t*»o. and therein win be In
stalled «he mater, pater, baby, two
maids, two coachmen (lest one be in
dis-f ospi}) and a footman— and'all, ex-
Ot*)t the pater, Newport bred — and
Among those who have given of
their love and* their time are Miss
Helen de Young/ Miss Helen Pettigrew
Miss Ethel Hager. Mrs. Fanny Lent.'
Miss Constance de Young. Miss Flor
ence Callaghan and ever.so many other
charming maids and matrons. And is
not this time well occupied?, Grant that
their work is hardly up '{q '"factory"
standard, where is the man who would
'luestion the mental and moral quali
ties this splendid work is doing for the
young women themselves? Let the
gocd work go on!
Sweet, indeed, is it to see a lovely
maiden far, far removed from the pang
and pain of poverty, plying her needle
and distorting her brain fo# the com
fort of those whom she knows not.
save by hearsay— they who suffer, suf
fer, suffer on without resentment
hoping thus to soften their sorrows
that she but vaguely understands. It
is here that the society girl shows to
the world what is in her heart.
But harking back to stern realities,
1 beg to state that hosts of maids and
matrons are plying the needle— more
or less dextrously— In behalf of the
poor, and skirts, shirts, dresses (these
are distinctly not gowns), coats, etc.,
are being built with the sweet spirit
that actuated the Master in his incom
parable commands to his people to love
on* another.
A "charity" sewing- bee. Indeed! Ah!
*dl! The poor get the garments, but
tvhat do the other people get? "Vivi
section?" Come now, be honest. Elim
ir.ating ego from the discussion, we like
a bit of vivisection ourselves, every hu
man soul of us— men and women alike
—provided we arc not being dissected.
Deny it. saintly sisters and lofty
brothers, if you will, but It's instinctive
in the human breast to list to the
faults and foibles of our follows.- and
though you close your ears with Chris
tian charity, you'll take good care to
leave a little space open. And why
deny what you know, in your own
consciousness, to be a fact — the human
truth? Sham! Sham! There is the
sin of our times. We fear to be frank
with ourselves— and how can we ra
tionally expect to be frank with our
fellows? Blessed be the day that all
«if us can meet his fellows on a frank
and candid basis. But ah! here is the
rub. Men and women there are who
unfortunately confound candor and
frankness with rudeness and brusque
ntfs. And to him who would^lje frank
\°l him guafd well his heart and head
durirg his cadetshin, unless he wound
*o:nf one unwittingly. And herewith
permit; me to say that uncontrollable
sorrows are abundant about us with
fiit any. help from our thoughtless
hard*.
I i3ut herein digression has been my
tin. Your pardon! But the "sewing
circ:e" has long been the theme of
tomiT papersr— without them they
•>vcaid be "short" on stuff — my plea for
pardon-
t -Another prominent visitor from the
great Northwest is among us — Mrs.
A. Penner Brlggs • of Victoria. B. C.
who i3 on a visit to her mother. Mrs.
Tillmann. ~
.Mrs. Briggs. as Miss Tillmann. fig
ured prominently in local society* and
many girlhood friends have long look
ed forward to this visit, but the death
of her father a short time after her
* * *
One of the most charming visitors
to San Francisco /or- many moons is
the lovely Polly Tongue , of Oregon. -Ai
reigning belle in the Northwest, Miss
Tongue was equally popular in Wash
ington, D. C. where she lived as chate
laine for her father." the late Congress
man, than whom -few men of the
1 Jorthwest were better known nor more
beloved. .
Miss Tongue will remain in the city
for some weeks and is being exten
sively entertained in a quiet Lenten
way. Just watch' her and her smart
mount ii> the park some morning. and
you will see some good horseman
ship.
The last of a trio of pretty weddings
was that of Miss Mabel Son. daughter
of Mr. and Mrs. Albert A J Son, and Ja
cob A. Goldsmith of Baltimore. The
ceremony was performed -, at theiAn
gelus hour by Dr. j Jacob VoorSanger.
at the home of the bride, 2185 Pacific
avenue. . ¦
Palms, lilies and fragrant fruit blos
soms transformed ,the home into a
flower garden, in the midst of which
t the vows were spoken.
* The bride was radiant in her*nup
tial robe of liberty satin and Venice
lace, while her attendant, Miss Hen
rietta Son, wore a smart frock of chif
fon crepe.
The happy pair have gone south,
which. trip will extend. to New Orleans,
to - New York, and thence to Balti
more, where the interests of the groom
will cause him to set up his household
The Armour- Wheelock wedding was
a very interesting affair, occurring at
the home'of the bride's parents.
The drawing-room, where the cere
mony was performed by the Rev.' John
Stephens, was made into a* bridal bower
by a prodigal use of -ferns, palms,
white roses and carnations.
The bride wore a * smart gown of
white embroidered ¦ Brussels net,' over
chiffon; a soft tulle veil-fell from her
hair and she "carried lilies of the val
ley. Her sole attendant was Miss Amy
Jones of Oakland, who was gowned ef-,
fectively in pale green silk and chiffon.
The young people will make their fu
ture home In San Pedro. ? " I'
1 The bride was gowned in ' a blue cloth
going-away' frock,*, and 'was given Into
the keeping", of -the groom T>y Augustus
Newell.:- A wedding, breakfast was'en
joyed ' at the. Palace, after which 'the
happy pair left 'for the south. -
The following guests witnessed : the
ceremony:' Mrs. Ei A. Croweli. Mr. and
Mtfs. Alpheus Bull, Mr. and Mrs. Au
gustus Newell, Lieutenant and Mrs.
Edward W. Robinson, Miss Grant, Miss
Forbes and R. R. Morrow.
Europe with a younger daughter, to
return for the .ceremony. Circum
stances arising to detain her. abroad in
definitely the : young people took the
matter in, their own. hands and straight
way:" proceeded to *wed ; without, for
riiallty. ., :£ '•;¦• £ ./. . .. i i :. ¦->¦ - - .--.
Miss B<?rnadette Robinson. Mis3
Josephine Tillman. Mrs. Loughbor
ough. Mrs. Robinson and Miss Lough
borough have been holding high court
in Rome. Letters tell of the carnival
fun in the old city, of the costumes,
the music, the confetti, the spirit of
the hour, when all. all was Joy. The
wanderers attended the famous state
ball.
Unfortunately, in the midst of the
gayety came the news to Miss Tillman
of the death of her father. While the
sad event will deter her from further
sayeties, it is not thought that she
will return until **;•*• brother. Dr. Til
den Tillman. finished his post graduate
course ia London*
A distinct acquisition to our smart
set is the Count Rozwadowskl and hte
wife, the Count coming to us as Consul
from Italy. They, formerly resided in
Chicago, where he and his charming
wife held a splendid social position.
The Consul is of remote Polish . ex
traction and is wedded tf* a daughter
of the Nile, whom he wooed and wort
during his service in the diplomatic
corps at Alexandria. It is thought
that our local smart set will entertain
them extensively, as both are musical,
artistic and charming.
Europe ia calling! From the West
Mrs. Will Tevls is planning a Conti
nental tour, accompanied by Miss Su
sanne Blanding. Is Knox Maddox go
ing, too? Well. now. just ask him— or
Miss Blanding. The "tabbies" had
them on the eve of engagement some
little time ago. but there are others
who declare there's nothing In itl
The Douglas Sloane* Watsons are
the most enthusiastic automobilists in
town and get more real pleasure out
of their new auto car than most peo
ple. Last week they made the trip
to Monterey, attended the polo gams
and returned, vowing that they never
had a pleasanter trip. ,
That's going to be a stunning af
fair of Mrs. Cardan's, her Mi-Careme
masquerade at the Burllngame club
house on Thursday night. The invi
tations are cleverly executed posters
in red and black and announce that
the affair is to be. a bal masque com*
ique, with a cotillon at midnight.
Lfkewise they announce that special
electric cars will leave Fifth and Mar
ket streets at 8:45 p. m. for those go
ing down. Mrs. Andrew McCreery
has joined with Mrs. Carolan in issu
ing the invitations. "Smart affair?"
You may bank upon that, fair friend.
Mrs. Carolan has never been accused
of giving stupid affairs.
• The • bridegrooms, Jack Wilson and
Judge Henshaw, put In appearance at
the Bohemian Club Thursday night,
•and were given a rousing welcome.
Isn't it funny how the world loves a
lover? The Wilsons are domiciled at
the St. Dunstan, where they will re
main for some little time. Where. O
¦where, will they stow away their car
load of wedding: gifts — unless they
lease the storeroom?
clever equestriennes will Jump hurdles.
do cakewalks and do various clever
stunts ¦wholly out of the ordinary. T' s
charities that are ministered to by tha
Daughters is sure of splendid returna
from the affair.
The bride is the daughter of H. Dallas
Helmcken of Victoria, a prominent per
sonage in social and financial life in the
Northwest, and who has had unlimited
advantages of .education and travel. • '/
Mr. Croweli is related to the NewelJa
arid \ the" Alpheus - Bulls, all of wljom
were astounded af the sudden declara
tion of their kinsman to wed earlier
than the day previously' set- for the
nuptials. ••.¦*•.
The only reason for delay was the
desire of' the bride's mother, who is in
One of ; the -most, interesting of tb.3
"surprise" , weddings: of the .week wai
that' of -Miss Anita'; Goodwin/of; Vic
toria,. B./C.; and* Walter H.' Croweli,
celebrated in theT gray morning houra
at Trinity by, Dr. Clampett, the author
of so much of this winter's happiness—
let us hope.
Mrs. Robert Hooker's game of bridge
this week was a delightful affair, ia
which the following ladies took part:
Mrs. Harold Sewall, Mrs". William G.
Irwin, Mrs. Mountford Wilson, Mrs.
James. Robinson, Mrs. Fred Tallant,
Mrs. 'Daniel Drysdale, Mrs. Frederick
King, Mrs. Bruce Bonny, Mrs. "Wake
field . Baiter, Mrs. George Rodman
Shreve, Mrs. Russell Wilson, Mrs.
Lewis, Mrs. George Lent, Mrs. William
Hinckley, Taylor Jr., Mrs. Chauncey
Rose Winslow, Mrs. v Joseph D. Grant,
Mrs. Horace Blanchard Chase, Mrs.
Rudolph Spreckels, Mrs. George Boyd,
Mrs, Alexander Garceau, Mrs. Athearn
Folger, Mrs. k Will Tevis, Mrs. Walter
Martin, Mrs. Timothy Hopkins, . Mrs.
Robert Nuttali; -Mrs. Lewis *S. Leland,
Mrs. Fred Beaver,, Mrs. Mayo Newhall,
Miss Alice Hager, Miss Emily Carolan,
Mrs. Harry William Poett. Miss Lena
Maynard, Miss Laura Bates, Mrs.
James Follis. .: r^' .:-7
Time was when a well dressed man
was -regarded with suspicion out here
in the -.West — and justly so, because he
usually was, a gambler and confidence
man— but that era is Rast, and dress
has come to be an ind*ex of a man's
personality and his degree of prosper
ity — likewise his social status. To be
sure. , many wolves wear gentlemen's
clothes, but that in itself is a tribute to
the gentleman. There is not an up-to
date man or woman to-day who does
not admire a well groomed" and well
dressed man. Here's to him!
And "what a carelessness" — our
friend Dill would say — as to creases in
trousers, set' of coat, ohoice of neck
wear, and usage of gloves! In New
York, Buffalo, Philadelphia, Washing
ton and Denver business and profes
sional men have standards of dress
that reflect much credit upon them and
unlimited admiration from the women
folk — and we would that our men, than
whom there are no dearer in the world,
would only get busy and do likewise.
life. Therefore it should be one of its
chief pleasures. It Is raised from the
level of 'feeding' (or stoking. the fur
nace) by cookery and the service of the
food." But she doesn't go far^enough.
Given a perfectly prepared and*dalntily
served dinner, does that imply a com
plete removal from barbarism? Un
happily, no! A cursory glance around
Zinkand's, Techau's or the Palace Grill
any night after the theater will con
vince the skeptical that our "Western
men— as a class— have not yet learned
to dine, or sup. They feed.
THE -SAN -FRANCISCO "CALL\ --.-SUNDAY, MARCH G, 1904.
20
"STITCH, STITCH, STITCH." THIS IS
THE SONG OF THE SMART SET.PRICE FIVE CENTS.
FORTY-EIGHT PAGES—SANi FRANCISCO, : SUNDAY, MARCH 0, ?1004— PAGES -21 r.TO U
Continued on Page 22, Columu U
Cnntiriiiod on Page 23, Column 4.
MEXICO : CITY, Mex., • March \ 5.— The
President hasappoihted^Cayetario Ro
niero, a brother of \ the" late | Mexican
Minister 'at Washington,' to be Consul
General : at San Francisco. '* v
Romero Officially' Appointed.
• "Only one, as. far as I know." he
answered, "and the only description
I can give of him is that he wore a
black mask over his. face.
"When I recovered^ my senses in the
saloon I ran back to \ the shop and
found my father lying on. the floor
with Brune bendlns over him". I can
not tell why I am being held in cus
tody, as there was nothing 'but love
between ' my father ' and myself." '
The police are not inclined to be
lieve that the son had any complicity
in the robbery, but are holding him
largely for precautionary . measures.
In* his. excited condition he told vary
ing, tales .to Detectives Bunner and
Freel and they . thought it would be
safer to hold him in custody for the
night. *' " ;•"* -..'
"My father v/as engaged in making
up the cash shortly after 10 o'clo-ck,"
he Baid, "and I had started to leave
our establishment. As I reached the
door one man with a black mask over
his face shoved the muzzle of a re
volver to my lips. I turned and ran,
crying as I went, 'Here's a hold-up!' I
ran around the counter, and plunged
into the partition separating the sa
loon. The last I remember was that
Brune was by my side and that my
father was advancing on the man with
the mask." " <.
. "How many men were at the door ?""
he was asked.
rlences during the hold-up. He was
held in detinue at the Southern station
during I the" night after his incarcera
tion by~ the detectives working on the
case. ••¦¦¦' .•'.-' . ¦• ¦¦¦¦'¦
ST.\ .PETERSBURG; ;: March
5.— Although" almost four weeks
have elapsed since the Japanese
first" attacked Port Arthur, here
the war is considered hardly" be
gun, i Heavy land < fighti ng. upon
which' the fate of the campaign
depends, • is* not- expected -before
the end'of April By that , time
Russia will have in the field, ex
clusive of the large army of men
required to" guard the railroads,
four army corps, each" with a;cav
alry, division and : an ; artillery, bri
gade. All that has occurred so
far or .is going to occur before
these ' forces are; in the ; field [ is
considered, according .to the Rus
sian view,- to be .'nothing more
than , the j prologue :• to tl^e real
drama. - ,.¦•;. "...
' The ; crippling* of .the . Port •Ar
thur fleet was unfortunate, in that
it gave the enemy * command of
the sea at the very outset: It; it,
however, of relatively small: im
portance from" the standpoint of
the" main strategy ."of " the f war
.whether. Port Arthur stands or
falls. But so long as . Port , Ari
thur holds out and the fleet is
harbored /there" it ¦ Svill . constitute
a potential menace which will re
strict and hamper Japan's opera
tions, and the Russians are de
terniinejd to defend Port Arthur
as heroically as they did Sebasto
ppl. • XoJarge garrison? will be
retained there ;• 10,000 men are
as: good -as- 100,000 for defense,
while the more* men the more
mouths to be fed. There are
enough provisions there now to
last eight months. In addition,
there will be a division of Cos
sacks with mountain batteries on
the peninsula to oppose- landings
and ) harrass the "enemy if they
succeed in investing the city.
i Viceroy Alexieff retains his
Headquarters at Mukden, through
which 3000 or 4000 soldiers are
p"assing : - daily to ! the positions
which the main armies will oc
cupy.' The Russians believe that
for military purposes there is only
one; road over which the Japanese
cau come from Korea.; AH the
troops landed at Chemulpo, Mok
pho.aud.Chenampo- must use the
"Peking road." Consequently
the landings at Plaksin Bay and
the-' other places on the east coast
' WASHINGTON, March/5.—
According to a diplomat at the
Russian embassy, the most im
portant phase of the Far Eastern
question is still the attitude of
China. To Russians' the presence
of the Chinese army under Gen
eral Ma, and General Yuan Shi
Kai, now massed near the Man
churian border, - consisting of the
flower of the Chinese forces, is a
constant menace. The Chinese at
all times are in a position to turn
the Russian flank and threaten its
rear. Should the desire of China
to re-establish itself in Manchuria
become predominant to the point
of helping Japan to expel Russia
from Manchuria, there is only
one action possible under the Hay
note — a union of neutral powers
to- compel the neutrality of China.
Such a necessity might threaten
the integrity of the empire.
It is not believed at the Rus
sian ¦ embassy that Japan has
taken any steps to secure the as
sistance of China in the war. At
the State Department this point
is emphasized. Japan is believed
to sincerely wish the preservation
of the Chinese- empire in prefef-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
RUSSIA WILL STRIKE NO
DECISIVE BLOW BEFORE
THE END OF APRIL
May Force Ac
¦ ¦ 1 ¦' - - J '-AT- '¦'¦•-*
iioii by Neii
'.-:. trals. ..
JaficmeseMilse
AlarfrisPprp
Artkm.\
Laontashan : lighthouse with the
idea of making the -forts, waste
their ammunition. The firing was
from two passing tofpedo-boat.sj
which towed the rafts, to ; attract
the attention of the enemy.
PARIS; March 6.— In- a dis :
patch from St. '¦ Petersburg the
correspondent of the Echo de
Paris says that ¦ according to a
member, of, the general staff not
more than ,50,000 Japanese have
been landed' in Korea. ' The Jaf
panese transports are in bad cou :
dition and tliey cannot accommo
date more \ than 800 men each;
The last > disembarkation took
place; at Pert/ Lazareff. The Ja|
panese are fortifying Pingyang. f
CHEFU; March 5.— On .Wed ;
nesday at midnight^ the forts at
Port Arthur sighted approaching
the entrance . many lights, fol
lowed by firing. The forts imme
diately retaliated, and after an
hour found that; the lights were
merely lamps .attached "to the
masts of lumber rafts. From Ja-:
panese sources it is reported that
the rafts were dispatched from
Special Cable to . The Call | and New,
York Herald.' Copyright, 1901 i by
the New t ' York Herald Publishing
Company. . ...
JfAItBOR OF FUSA.N". ON THE SOUTHEASTERN COAST OF KOREA.
y WHERE ONE WING OF THET JAPANESE ARMY' DISEMBARKED
-¦-' FOR THE ADVANCE THROUGH. THE -HERMIT" KINGDOM.
Albert Buttgenbach, son . of the
wounded man, readily responded lo a
request for a statement of his expe-
SOX'S STATE3IENT.
Henry Heide, a clerk in the adjoining
grocery store, ran out in the street as
soon as he heard the shot and was just
In time to see the forma of two-men
disappearing around the corner of Fol
£om street. They were too- far away
for Heide to see them plainly r nd
therefore he can give no description
of the pair.
"I heard Brune yelling for aid," said
Heide, "and I ran out Into Fourth
street. I saw- two men running up the
street as fast as they could. They dis
appeared around the corner before I
had a: chance td get a good look at
them- I heard the shot plainly and
also heard the sound of breaking glass.
On the table, directly in front of the old
man, . lay about (70 in gold and silver, and: I
can't understand why the thugs did not take
that, Jf they were bent on robbing the place.
The safe contained several | hundred dollars
and was open at the time, so the men could
easily have looted that also. Buttgenbach
was in the habit of taking home a large
amount of money with, him every night, but
did not have any of It In his pockets at the
time he was shot. . , :¦ ¦
The glass In the window of the office was
alt broken and there wae a bullet hole in the
front window of the place. The old man's
hat was lying a few feet away from where he
lay and there was a bullet hole near the top
of It. •*•¦*'* ' •
: Brune, the bookkeeper, after a rig
! id cross-examination by the police,
was released. In discussing the trag
edy with a Call reporter he said:
Buttgenbach was Fitting at the desk in the
front of the office writing and I was In the
i rear portion of the place. My back was turned
j and I did not fee the men enter, nor djd I
f hear any Bounds till eld man Buttgenbach cried
j out "Help! They're holding me up!"
1 . I looked around and saw the old man strue
j Rllng en the floor with a man. The latter
j was taylns something that 1 could not urnler-
Ftand; but I think he -vas cursing the old man
and telling him to shut up cr he would be
killed. I immediately ran' cut of the office,
through the rear door and made for the ad
joining grocery store to s-urnmon help.
* I gave the alarm and in a minute there
j was a big crowd around the place. When I
cot hack I found Buttgenbach lying face
I downward on the floor and bleeding from '.a
I wound in the head. lie was unconscious and
could not talk. . .
cine Packing Company's establish
ment and found Buttgenbach lying
face downward on the floor of his of
fice, bleeding from a wound in the
head. The glass door of the room
was shattered to atoms, there was a
I bullet hole through the front parti
tion and other evidences' of a strug
gle."
The police, upon their arrival,
locked all the doors and made a thor
ough search of. the building to see if
any one was hiding there, but the
search was futile. The weapon with
which the deed was committed could
j not be found, but five 38-caliber bul
j lets were found on the floor, the per
petrator of the deed evidently fearing
to be captured with a revolver con
taining one exploded cartridge in his
possession. The - empty shell, how
ever, was not discovered.
Russians Fire
on Dummy
Ships.
China Appears
Determined
to Fight.
SAX DIEGO, March 5.— Grief over
the demise of her younger sister
caused death to come. this evening in
a tragic way to Mrs. -Eugenia -Gra
dilla, wife of Joseph Gradllla of Six
teenth street,' near D, in this city.
Dolores Duarte, a young and beau
tiful girl, died suddenly last evening at
her home. Mrs. Gradilla and other
relatives went to the residence to-day
to care, for the dead and comfort the
living.
While seated beside the dead body
and in the presence of the other
mourners Mrs. Gradilla was suddenly
stricken with heart disease. Death
was instantaneous.- She was 41 years
of age and leaves six children and a
husband. .
Dolores was the favorite sister of
Mrs. Gradilla and grief is considered
to have been the cause of the second
death. ,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"At about 10:10 I was on a Fourth-
Etreet car near the corner of Shipley
when I heard what I took to be a pis
tol shot. I immediately left the car to
Investigate. I was at first told- that
there was nothing wrong — that a fuse
had blown out in the power-house
but a moment later I heard Brune
calling for help. Centered the Pa-
The door opening into Buttgenbach's
private office is on the south side of
the store. It Is pf plain glass, as is
also the partition on the east side of
the office. It is through this glass the
bullet was fired. It would easily be
possible for a person" to rush into the
Khipley-Btreet door, fire a shot through
this glass partition and enter the inner
office. The whole .general interior of
the place, however, 's plainly visible
from Fourth street, as the front is
closed only with telescoping Iron doors
and a. light Is kept burning. At the
time of the shooting the street was
filled with passers-by, yet none wit
nessed the brief, but fatal struggle.
One or the first to arrive on the
scene was Sergeant Green of the
Southern Police Station, who was re
porting on for duty. He heard the shot
fired and immediately sprang from the
car and rushed to the scene. His
story is as follows:
He rushed through the outer of
fice, where his father was. at work,
he says, and into the inner one, burst
through a. thin board partition into a
neighboring sa!oon . ar>d. . co;i£idered
himself safe. The bookkeeper, Brune,
at work in the inner office,- oaught the
infection of terror and fled precipitate
ly, leaving the elder "man to his fate.
According to his first statement he did
not see the intruders, but later he told
the offlcers that he. heard .a scuffle, a
crashing of glass and saw the old man
on the floor struggling with a stranger.
He then gave the alarm.
orncKit ox the sckxe.
According to the statements of Al
Buttgrenbaeh and Louis Brune, first
made to the police, they were fright
ened out of their wits and left the old
man to grapple alone with two des
perate thugs. ; Al v.as on his way
home and while passing down Shipley
street two men attempted to hold him
up, he say.':. He immediately ran into
the side door of the establishment,
yelling, "Robbers! robbers: Thieves!
Help! murder!"
TEI.I, STORY OF THUGS.
Just prior to closing his place of busi
ness last night Joseph Buttgenbach,
head of the Pacific Packing Company,
at Fourth and Shipley streets, was shot
«uid fat^.:ly injured by unknown assail
ants. He was taken in a dying condi
tion to the Central Emergency Hos
pital, and his son Al and his book
keeper, Louis Urune. were held fcrr ob
servation, pending a thorough investi
gation. Although from the statements
of these two the shooting was done by
a pair of desperate thugs, there is much
to be explained. If. as Brune and the
younger Butigenbach claim, Mr..Butt
genbach v.as fatally injured only after
a desperate struggle with two thugs,
it seems strange that the robbers left
the place without molesting a bag of
eTold coiii, containing approximately
$300, which had not yet been placed
in the safe, besides $70 in gold and
silver which Mr. Buttgenbach was
counting at the time of the murderous
assault. Who the murderer was or
what his motive is a mystery for the
police to unravel. Detectives Bunner
and Freel, u ho are working on the
case, incline to the belief that the crime
was committed by membeis of the nu
merous gengs ot" hold-up men who are
at present infesting the city. This
makes an easy sc-lution to the prob
lem, as the crime can-be laid at the
doors of the proverbial tall man and
short man.
Cromwell, who has been in this city
this week in conference with the Gov
ernment officials, denied to-night that
there was any serious drawback In
completing the canal transactions.
While no one would say to-night just
exactly what the hitch was, it was un
derstood that certain suits against the
new Panama Canal Company have not
yet been cleared up torthe satisfaction
of this Government and the title can
not yet be given. '
. WASHINGTON, March 5.— There is
a hitch in the completion of the Pan
ama canal negotiations. . Just as the
United States Government was about
to pay over $10,000,000 ; to J. 1 P." Morgan
& Co., as the fiscal agents ¦ of the re
public of Panama on Thursday, Attor
ney General Kriox halted the proceed
ings by saying the final deal with the
,Panama Canal Company would .not be
i e6$y«ieitl u 'wlth William Nelson Crom
well, its counsel. Before this can be
done Cromwelf^rnust take: a; trip to
Paris to obtain ' more authority and
complete certain, legal technicalities
which the law officers and this Gov
ernment have suddenly found to be
necessary. . Cromwell has ! been given
until March 25 to perfect the transac
tion. '
This new situation, developing as' it
did, just as Panama was about", to be
paid Its $10,000,000 and as this Govern
ment had announced Its readiness .to
pay $40,000,000 to the French company,
has caused great surprise and. disap
pointment to the United States offi
cials. Cromwell, as the legal represen
tative of the company, has repeatedly
told the members of the Cabinet while
the treaty was pending that he had
the necessary authority and would be
ready to turn over proper title to the
property as scon as the treaty ratifi
cations were exchanged. This Govern
ment took Cromwell at his word and
made preparations to pay the canal
company and the new republic.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Relative of a Deceased Girl the
Victim of Heart Disease While
Sorrowing in a Room.
Certain Suits Pending in France Must
Be Settled Before Government
Completes Kegotiations.
Sack of Coin Is Not Molested and De
tectives Find Bnnsed Cartridges
on the Floor.
Unknown Men Enter His
Store and Assail Him
at His Desk.
Attorney General Learns
That Title to Property
Is Clouded.
Griel Causes Sad Incident
in tie Presence of V
Joseph Buttgenbach
Fatally Injured
JyTMgs.
Tragic 'Close of a
Woman's Life in
San Diego.
Hitch in Completion
of Panama Canal
Proceedings. .
KNOX STOPS,
PAYMENT OF
THE MONEY
MERCHANT
SHOT DOWN
IN OFFICE
DROPS DEAD
AT COFFIN
OF SISTER
WEIHA1WEI, March $.— Ten thousand troops, the advance guard of the Japanese army marching through western Korea, have reached the vicinity of Pingyang, where they wil
await the arrival of the main force. Within a week all will have come up. Russian raiding bands _\ arid outposts have failen back and apparently will make no stand until the Japanese army
nears Wiju, which has been heavily fortified. A steamship arriving from Chemulpo imports that a Japanese ''flying. squadron'' has'been sent northward from Sasebo to attempt to inter
cept the Russian Vladivostok squadron, which has again left the Siberian harbor and is menacing the- western coast of Japan. - M §§||
RUSSIAN TROOPS RETIRE TO THE Y ALU;
SQUADRONS MA Y MEET IM SEA BATTLE
THPyTHIATTSS. V , - '
Alcazar— "»Uss % Hol> ti.'V? M»M-/
nee to-day. "V / U-
California— "Tbe Chief .. Jnstlce."
Central — "A Break for liberty."*
CclumMa — "The Oil Some
¦. * •Ur.S.T. ¦-; /•:"'>•,:
Chntea — Vaudeville. "^
Tlsehex's — "Scly-Pcly." Matinee
To-Day.
Oraad— "Sills cf California. 1 *
Matinee tc-dsy. >.: '. .-*
Orphetun— Vauieville. SSatlnea
To-Bay.
Tivoli — "The Cypay Baron."
hf t TSnc WSATEEB.
rorcca«t niade at San Pran
cl»oo for thirty hoars ending
mldklffht,-- March 6:
' San Francisco and vicinity—
Cloncty Smiday, possibly show
ers; fresh' southerly winds.
A. O. XScADXB,
District Porecaster.
VOLUME XCV— NO. 97.
The San Francisco CallSOUTHAMPTON, Eng. f March 5.—
The American line steamship St. Paul,
which sailed for New York to-day,
took among: her passengers - a \ score
of Japanese officers who had been or
dered home on account of the war.
Japanese Returning Home.
Japan's- Latest Note to Powers.
WASHINGTON, March 5. — Both
Secretary Hay and Minister Takahira
to-night admitted that Japan had ad
dressed another note to the powers re
garding the controversy with- Russia.
The communication itself had not been
received by Secretary Hay, although
the; Minister • personally had advised
him of its, contents, and it will be de
livered without delay. Minister Taka
hira would not . disclose the , nature of
this last note from his Government,
but said that Japan had every reason
SEATTLE, March 5.— Judge H. G.
Struve of this city received a cable
gram from Minister Allen at Seoul,
Korea, to the effect that his relatives,
Mr. and Mrs. H. F. Meserve, Miss Mary
Struve and Miss Helen McClusky, who
have been In Korea for some months,
are safe under American protection at
Chemulpo.
Americans Safe at Chemulpo.
Continued From Page 21, Column 7.
ence to the necessity of combat
ting varied foreign interests in
some locality. The attitude of
Japan in not insisting upon the
exercise by China of its neutrality
proclamation restrictions relative
to the presence of the Russian
gunboat Mandjur, now being dis
mantled at Shanghai, is in
xlicative of its policv. Had the
mailer been pressed. China might
hayc violated its neutrality
pledges and invited an invasion
by neutral powers, which would
have lasted until the end of the
war.
China is regarded as in a frame
of mind entirely too restive to
China Seems
Intent Upon
Waging War
In Downing street it is believed
that Japan would almost regard
any attempt at intervention as an
unfriend ly act.
Concerning the attitude of Rus
sia toward Great Britain, it was
said at the Foreign Office- to
night that the Government here
had received direct and indirect
information which had proved
conclusively that the Russian
Government was sincere 111 its
desire to maintain friendly rela
tions with Great Britain. It is
frankly recognized at the For
eign Office, however; that certain
classes of Russian opinion are
much embittered against Great
Britain, more so even than the
Russian press indicates, and it
will be some little time before the
relations of the Russian and Brit
ish publics resume their normal
condition^
permit such an invasion, with
out resisting.
LONDON, , March 5. — The
Foreign Office records the week
just ended as one in which much
has been done to guarantee the
continued peace of Europe. The
press is authorized to say. how
ever, that the rumors that France,
Great Britain or any other
power is contemplating interven
tion or the taking of any steps
with the idea of ending the war
are quite baseless. The frequent
visits of Cambon, the French Em
bassador. to Foreign Minister
Lansdowne this week have had
no connection with the present
war. The "treaty now on the verge
of conclusion to settle long-stand
ing difficulties between Great
Britain and France on colonial
questions gives Cambon and Lord
Lansdowne plenty to do without
their bothering about the Far
War News Continued on Pajc 23.
Russia to Utilize Yankee Invention.
NEW YORK. March 5. — A rush or
der has been placed with an Ameri
can firm for apparatus used in coal
ing warships at sea. It is expected
been deemed advisable to keex> the
note confidential, although it might be
given publicity later on.
for answering Russia's ebars?e. For
the present, however, he said it had
that the forty-five Russian vessels in
home waters will be in position by
June to proceed, if necessary, to Far
Eastern stations, taking with them the
American Invention which will enable
the war vessels to proceed without
running afoul of the regulations at
neutral ports regarding coal.
The. amendment proposed by
Quarles to the committee amendment
for a naval station on the, Great
Lakes was then .taken up. Hopkins
moved to lay it on the table. -That
motion was voted down. The amend
ment to the amendment was accept
ed and the original amendment as
amended was agreed to. -> T
Nelson took the floor to reply to
Hale, who, he said, had taken him to
task for violating the principles of
neutrality because he had said that
our commercial interests were com
mon to those of Japan.
"And," he went on, "In the same
breath In which he criticized me, he
commerce was in from 'ambitious
Japan.' I submit that if there was
any violation of the principles of neu
trality on my part, there was an equal
ly marked violation by him."
Nelson said that he had not intend
ed to imply that the United States
should take any other than a neutral
position In the Oriental war, for he
held no such position. He did con
tend, however, that we should take
all proper steps to protect our .com
merce in the Orient and he thought
the navy should be adequate to that
service.
"The difference between the Sena
tor's position then and now," replied
Carmack, "is that, not being a Sena
tor, he was considering the case, as a
patriot and had not taken the case as
a criminal lawyer to defend the Re
publican, party."
Carmack agreed with Hale that if
China should fall under the dominion
of Japan it would be very doubtful
whether the United States would de
rive any advantages from it.
Carmack read an extract from a
newspaper, saying $435,000 had been
expended for the purpose of keeping
the two pleasure yachts, the May
flower and the Sylrih, in condition for
the President's . use. This, he con
tended, was a misappropriation.
NELSON ANSWERS HALE.
DEPEW'S CHANGE OF VIEW.
Carmack referred to Depew's de
fense of the retention of * the Philip
pines "and quoted a previous utterance
by that Senator, taking an opposite
position. Depew arose, saying:
"That Chauncey Depew is dead. I
was not then a Senator, but simply a
New Yorker, making speeches almost
every night, and giving very little
thought to them."
After studying the question he had
changed his views. He originally had
been a Democrat and his first impres
sions were generally Democratic.
Gorman then gave his attention to
the statement of Lodge that a large
navy was a conservator of peace, say
ing that this declaration was con
trary to the conviction of the fathers.
He differed from Lodge in considering
this an aggressive nation. He hoped
the time would soon come when the
people would return ;to the Demo
cratic-Republican doctrine that our
power was not measured by the num
ber of guns afloat nor by the number
of uniforms we had. He would not
have a Republican or a Democratic
navy, but an American navy, and he
would have the credit given to the
men who fight the battles, as was
done in the case of Perry, and not
have them sent to the rear and hu
miliated for their very achievements.
"If we were at war," said Gorman,
"if our commerce were threatened by
war, we would give the Secretary of
the Navy all that he could spend. But
all the country knows that these mil
lions, these billions, have done more
to demoralize than otherwise."
Extravagance had been the inevit
able result and a brief war with Spain
had cost the country a billion dollars.
He had no sympathy with any
movement against China.' No matter
what nation might secure supremacy
in that country the United States
would secure its share of Its com
merce. He said that every American
had gloried in the part .the United
States had taken in checking the
Boxer uprising and that if that ex
ample were to^be followed it would
do more than any number of ships to
improve our commerce.
Gorman congratulated Hale on his
conduct of naval legislation in the Sen
ate. He reviewed the growth of the
navy, saying that when Mr. Whitney
took charge of the Navy Department
it was in very bad condition; but not
withstanding the Republicans were in
the majority in the Senate it had not
been necessary to make a second'ap
peal either to Hale or Allison. Up to
the present time there" had % been no
division on party lines. As for him
self, he always had expressed his
sentiments freely' without regard to
party lines. He criticized Moody as
imprudent in charging the Democratic
party with partisanship because of
his (Gorman's) attitude. He had
srpoken for himself, in saying the ad
ministration was advancing too rap
idly and had gone too far in the In
crease of the navy.
"Executive officers," said Gorman
slowly and with deliberate emphasis,
"would serve their country better if
they attended to the details of their
efflces and abstained from criticisms
of Senators and members of Con
gress."
GORMAN OPPOSES BILL.
sea, and the result could not be fore
told.
Depew predicted thafin the end-Jo
seph Chamberlain would succeed in the
programme laid out by him in Great
Britain. Other European najtions would
be found taking steps to protect them
selves against us, and a navy would be
needed. He said that, whatever side
was victorious in the Eastern war, the
United States must be consulted, and
this country would insist on Raving
her interests considered before China
could be divided. A great navy would
be necessary at such a time.
Replying to Patterson, he said he did
not think it would be necessary to go
to war to maintain our interests in the
Orient.
"Why are the other powers' now ac-
When the naval . appropriation bill
was taken up Clay took issue with the
contentions of Lodge and Depew as to
the necessity for a strong fighting sea
force to keep the United States out of
war. Clay contended that there should
be a Congressional committee to inves
tigate expenditures in the departments,
saying that uo business man would let
business involving millions drift along
as Congress was doing. He criticized
the policy that led to the expenditure
of $207,000,000 annually for war and re
fused to erect public buildings in Wash
ington that would save rents of $300,000
a year.
Martin (Democrat), a member of the
Committee on Naval Affairs, defended
the bill. "We must have a strong
navy," he said, and he instanced the
recent^ expansion of the .United States
as supplying the reason for this neces
sity. He referred to the possibility of
France and Great Britain being drawn
Into the Oriental war because of their
respective alliances with Russia and
Japan, and while he did not believe
that the United States would become
Involved, he did not consider it the part
of wisdom to be unprepared.
Depew spoke of the policy of expan
sion,, and Patterson inquired whether
he meant that further aggrandizement
through conquest or purchase of for
eign, territory would be the programme
of this Government: '. .
"I do not' think we will ever see the
time when. wjo.ttIU: need "more terri
tory," said Depew, "but I. do think we
will get a merchant marine some time,
and I mean that we will want a navy
big enough to protect It. . I mean that
I hope Secretary Hay's programme for
an open door in China will continue to
be a policy of this Government, and
thft we should have a navy big enough
to enforce it."
THIS NATION'S ATTITUDE.
WASHINGTON, March 5.— There was
an interesting exchange of views in the
Senate to-day Detween .Nelson and
Hale. The Minnesota Senator in the
course of a brief colloquy with Patter
sen concerning features of the naval
appropriation bill expressed the opin
ion that there was such a community
of interests on the part of the United
States, Great Britain and Japan as to
protect China against dismemberment.
To this statement Hale, in charge of
the bill, objected sharply, saying that
the position of the United States in the
present Oriental war was that of neu
trality, and that he could not allow to
go unchallenged any statement in the
Senate indicating a national interest in
either Russia or Japan. Nelson respond
ed by saying Hale had indicated as
great partiality for Russia as he (Nel
son) >had expressed for Japan.
The discussion to-day was entirely on
political lines and was participated In
by Hale, Depew and Nelson on the Re
publican side, and by Gorman, Clay,
Martin, Patterson and Bacon on the
Democratic side.
CLAY OPENS THE DEBATE.
Depew defended President Roose
velt against the charge of impetuos
ity and recklessness, saying that if he
had had the disposition to make trou
ble he could have found it in the Ca
nadian dispute.
"A less wise man would have seen
and seized the opportunity to appeal
to the popular sentiment," he said.
"Instead of doing this, the President
appealed to arbitration, and in view
of the result we owe him a lasting
debt of gratitude for the wisdom awl
patriotism displayed."
Depew said he had been appointed
Minister to "Japan thirty-eight ye.irs
ago and i that In those thirty-eigh.t
years Japan had progressed as much
as Europe had progressed in the last
600 years. If her contest with Russia
was to be on land Japan would be
nowhere,. but the light must be on the
: Continuing, Depew said that Nelson
openly had expressed his partiality for
Japan, while Hale almost as plainly
had indicated his leaning toward Rus
sia. As, for. Patterson, he had mani
fested the usual "Democratic tendency
toward expediency by- standing ready
to take advantage of the . situation,
whichever side might win. He agreed
with Hale, as to the wisdom of Hale's
attitude; "but," he said, "the fact re
mains that every man," woman and
child in the United States is lined up
on one side or the other,' as they are
whenever there is a fight."
He added that the President's
proclamation announced our . official
attitude, but said that behind that we
could say what we pleased as indi
viduals. . •
DEFENDS THE PRESIDENT.
Resuming his speech, Depew denied
that the Hay note had been inspired by
Germany. He spoke of it as a revela
tion, and said that the Denver News
must have direct Marconi communica
tion; with the palace at Potsdam.
Patterson replied that the state
ment had been carried by the Asso
ciated Press, as Depew should have
known, if. a * general 'reader of the
newspapers.
He said that it Japan be successful in
the present war the United States
would find herself in more danger in
commercial matters from that ambi
tious power than any other. He (Hale)
considered the Oriental trade as of com
paratively little importance. If we had
not been Involved with predatory na
tions, in invading China even the Chi
nese Boxers would have protected our
interests in China. He was not in favor
of any policy that Involved us in the
expense, in the enormous wickedness,
of the war so far away from our shores.
cepting a very unpopular note from
us?" he asked.
Patterson called attention to the re
port t,hat the note to Russia and Japan
had been incited by Germany.
Nelson replied to Patterson's ques
tions concerning our naval influence in
the East, saying that, with this coun
try, Great Britain and Japa'n all united
in support of an open door in China
there was no danger of the dismember
ment of China. All, too, were hostile to
the absorption of Manchuria. He did
not believe there was any formal' alli
ance — only mutuality of interest.
HALE CHALLENGES STATEMENT.
Hale protested that this debate was
extraneous. \
"I do not want the statement of the
Senator from Minnesota to* go unchal
lenged," he said. "I do not agree that
there is to-day any such common inter
est between the* United States, Great
Britain and Japan on the one side,
against Russia, France' and other pow
ers, as his statement implies. Our at
titude is one of neutrality, and so de
clared by our State Department. The
statement that we have a common in
terest with Japan and Great Britain
as to Manchuria I can't let go without
a challenge.. We are riot against Japan,
nor must it. be said that all our inter
ests are with her. and against Russia
and other continental European pow
ers."
Hale Challenges Statement That This Nation's In
terests Are in Common With Those of
DEBATE IN THE SENATE
ON AMERICA'S ATTITUDE
TOWARD WARRING POWERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL/ SUNDAY, MARCH K, 1904.
22
& GREEXBERG.
This Week's
OFFERINGS
Again Demonstrate That There Is No
Place Like Greenbergs' for Values
CRUSHED LEATHER BELTS.
Repular 50c Delts at 'JTic
Regular »;5c BeJts at :{.*»«•
Regular 7&c Belts at 4."if
Regular S5c U<?lts at TJOo
Rcrular $1.00 Belts at i<J."i<«
The above Bolts are the latest
styles for Spring. 2 004.
CASEIAGE BAGS.
Regular 85c Uags at "iflf
Regular $1.25 Bags at: 7"j«i
Regular $1.50 Bags at j»Oj.
Regular $1.75 Bags at fci oO
Regular $2.00 Bags at %\ ;•!•;
The above Bags will be used very
extensively this Spring and Summer.
STOCK COLLARS.
Regular 50c Collars at...'.,
Rfgular 60c Collars at :{"»«^
Rejrular 85c Collars at r t i\,»
Regular $1.25 Collars at «¦£
Regular $1.50 Collars at 05c
The above Collars are all the new
and late effects for the coming Sea-
eon.
LACE CAPE COLLARS.
Regular $2.50 Cape Collars at.. SI ."»(>
Regular $3.00 Cape Collars at..£i «>•;
Regular $3.50 Cape Collars at.«a*2n
Regular $4.50 Cape Collars at..S;t"<u>
Regular $5.75 Cape Collars at..Sa!.">O
You will flnd the above to be the
prettiest patterns ever shown.
XJLCES.
Reg. BOc Net Top Laces at..;.. °n«
Reg. 85c Venice Medallions at..."»Op
Reg. 65c Fiber Insertion at... •{He-
Reg. 50c Venice Insertion at. ..ii.io
.Reg. J1.50 Venice All-Over at KSe
Country orders receive prompt a£
ten tion.
GREENBERG & GREENBERG
31,33. 35 and 37 GRART ATE..
Cor. Geary St.
EVERYBODY IS TALKING &U*^&£$Bfc\
ABOUT P. F. NOLAN'S M^W^^^^
IT IS THE MOST J^^^0^
Ever seen in San Francisco. The
\ people appreciate the great shoe bar-
gains we are giving and the way our
big store has been crowded with
pleased customers has been very
gratifying to us. . . . N
THIS WEEK
' • We will place on sale some of the best
bargains we have yet offered. \
1800 Pairs Ladies' Fine yici Kid Lace *\^J%£l^Sily^J?i
Shoes— Dull mat kid tops, latest O od solid »3.00 Shoe. All sizes
coin toe and patent leather tip; this week .- •• J&S.OO
light, nexible sewed soles for^ dress JhSeV^te^tVylS
or medium heavy soles, stitched «£j seved soIes: stitched
edges, for walking. Regular price edges. Regular price $3.5^ All
$2.50. All sizes this week.-Sl.S5 sizes this week S2.50
. If the above shoes are not exactly as represented return them at our
expense and, get your money back.
Special prices on .Tohnston & Murphy's men's fine shoes and Laird,
Schober & Co.'s ladies' fine footwear.
SHORT LINES on the bargain counter at 50c, 75C and $1.00 a pair.
WE HAVE NO BRANCH STORES.
NOLAN" BROS!
PHELAN BUILDING SI2 " 814 market street
rgll_LAAI\ PUlL.U,mu flM|| O'FARRBLL STREET
DR. KILMER'S SWAMP-BOOT. j
ABE YODR KIDlYSTWEAK?
Thousands of Men and Women Have 'Kid-
ney Trouble and Never Suspect Ik
To Prove What the Great Kidney Remedy, Swamp-Root,
Will Do for YOU, Every Reader of The Call May Have
a Sample Bottle Sent Absolutely Free by Mail.
It used to be considered that only urinary ij^^^^S
and bladder troubles were to be traced to the
kidneys, but now modern science proves that ]lls£t|«Ili^
ncsrly a'l diseases have '.heir beginning in *»^^^^ff
'he d^ordcr of these most important organs. sj^fplipi
Th<? kidney? filter and purify the blood — '
Therefore, when your kidneys are weak or I^Pl^p
out of order, vou ran understand how quick- flpPliill
ly your entire body is affected, and how ev- '@^^tV
ery orpan seems to fail to do its duty. j|Pligll^p|atv.
If you arc sick or "feel badly." bepin taking .£^^^,WiiHOTC§g|jS^w
the greet kidney remedy. Dr. Kilmer's Swamp- >4S&<^HH£PM|tateP|V
Root, because as soon a< your kidneys b»Rin J^^g^B^SSnUK^^^^^^t i
to get Vtter thev will help all the other or-
gan«- to health. A. trial will convince any one. 'WWiMffilfffiMWsp m
X cheerfully recommend and iadene the Great K^mI .1 nD i/u mpd ( < 1 a§$
Remedy, Dr. Kilmer* Swamp-Koct, for kidney ffi|§| UK * * ILJT1C * a |||
trouble and bad liver. I have used it and derived Be»S§ CWKMD DA AT iH
great benefit from it. I believe it hu cored -m* tt&fja J H AIUl'llU V 1 iH
entirely of kidney and liver trouble, from which t£^» ... 1 1 iH
I suffered terribly. B&Sl Kldney.L!ver& Bladder Ispjl
Kost gratefully yours, HHsl "? CURE. * 8 tH
A. E. Heynoldi, Chief of Police. rasl directions. ' ; |
Coltnnbua, Ga. fo^GS ii»TT»«t«o», !•¦»-«* rtr»* v, gj
Weak and unhealthy kidneys arc responsible SIS Sl^ffSf l\£tZJ r - * £u<: 1 1
for many kinds of diseases, and if permitted jj%jf§*§ cka.ir«ni««»«»f<ui»t»Nt». j.jbj
to continue much suffering and fatal results b||h9 ta^i^lS ufiu"*^ \m
are sure to follow. Kidney ' trouble irritates g||g| ZtZu?^£' **"* *°" W ill
the nerves, makes you dizzy, restless, sleep- |jjl||l| • — — ¥*$&
less and irritable. Makes you" pass water often |||| v"l*^V ri w"w««7i::w Wm
during the day and obliges you to get up |||||1 X? to t ™^ r \AltJ [ Zh'** II*
man}' times during the night. Unhealthy kid- k|h «urrk»ftu «•&&?, *»*•«. i||
neys cause rheumatism, gravel, catarrh of the 1|||| B^iTi'i'ixif.iJ'^r'hkl u"t l||
bladder, pain or dull ache in the back, joints Rp||{ *,7Jj f E^ t k f£^*'^ M *' ip
and muscles; make your head ache and back iliis "rtiVtf.o *<>«.» *r . fflM
ache: cause indigestion, stomach and liver |||§g DR. ELMER ft CO., | &J
trouble; you get a* sallow, vcllow complex- |§|la wxgiumton, y. y. ||«
ion: make you feel as though you had heart |||| So^t,y ail Druggists. |g
trouble: you may have plenty of ambition, but E^^jIiJiuu^,, *l" s»J iM
r>r> strength: weak, and wa^tc away.
The cure for these troubles is Dr Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, the world-famous kidney rem- §^3#gsf£#J c- ... •' i 'JggKhii
cdy. In takinc Swamp-Root you " afford
natural help to Nature, for Swamp-Root is the " "" Tfl *™" 1 A '¦IWUWJMiF» Bi * 3aaaMI «*M^
most perfect healer and gentle aid to the kid- <Swamp-Root is pleasant to tak«.)
nevs that is known to medical science. '_
How to Find Out If M ar c c alrca^ y con "
If there is any doubt in your mind as to vmced that Swamp-Root is
ycur condition, take from your urine on ris- what you need, you can pur-
ES^^^P!^i^i±! If "-< the regular fif.y.«nt
on examination it is milky or cloudy, if there and one-dollar size bottles
i« a brick-dust settling, or if small particles _ f fTw . ,,_„„ «.*«,.„ „„„,.,
float about in it. your kidneys arc in need of at the drug s . tOres every "
immediate attention. where. Don't make any mis-
Swamp-Root is pleasant to take and is used ta k C| but remember the
in the leading hospitals, recommended by
physicians in their private practice, and is n ame, Swamp-Root, Dr. Kil-
taken by doctors themselves who have kid- mer 's Swamp-Root, and the
ney ailments, because they recognixc in it the
greatest and most successful remedy for kid- address Bmghamton, N. Y.,
ney, liver and bladder troubles. on every bottle. ¦
SDZTOaZAXi NOTE.— So successful is Swamp-Root in promptly curlng^even
the most distressing cases of kidney, liver or bladder troubles, that to prove its
Tvoncurful merits you may have a sample bottle and a book of valuahli infnrma
tion. both sent absolutely free by mail. The book contain^ many of the thSuSa
upon thousands of testimonial letters received from men and women cured ThI
valuo and success of Swamp-Root are *o well known that our readers are ad-
vised to send fora sample bottle. In sending: your address to Dr Kilmer & Co
Binphnmton. N- Y.. be sure to gay you read this generous offer in The San^ran"
thfs°«S? day CalL ThC rroprietors of thls P«^r piSXteJ the genuineness ot
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
"THE KIND THAT WASH" '
Wash Suit Sale
Immense Bargains
for the
Early Buyer
THIS WEEK ONLY
ALL BRIGHT NEW STYLES
NEW PATTERNS
NEW MODELS
- iNbW CUTS
FOR THIS WEEK ONLY
Note the following prices:
SAILOR SUITS i
(Plain and Bloomer Pants)
50c quality at
$1.00 quality at TOc
1.50 quality at.. 95 C
2 (10 nujilitv n\ Gii c=r •
2.50 quality at i an
RUSSIAN BLOUSE SUITS
(BLOOMER PANTS)
75c quality at 55c
$1.00 quality at TOc ?
1.50 quality at •". Q^r*
2.00 quality at $1,35
2.50 quality at i.QO
In conjunction with the 1 wash suit sale we
offer special for this week
35c Overalls at 25c
Not more than 2 pairs to a customer.
Out-of-town orders promptly filled in all above goods.
R005 BRO5.
K E A R NY AT POST
DR. PIERCE'S REMEDIES.
' cJ^tX^L^ I Love is some'
I times a hard task-
fcga&^ljciaJ master. He drives
Mnj&jmB?^ -women to tasks bc-
an 'l l a )' s heavy bur-
' KSflMBr/j«H of busband. love of
on^^l a woman day by
H^^^ra home when aching
head make her ut-
£g^2££3===2s^ household duties.
' f Weak, . nervous
women who suffer from headache, back-
ache, bearing-down pains and other con-
sequences of womanly disease, can be
completely cured by the use of Doctor
Pierce's Favorite Prescription. ' It es-
tablishes regularity,' • dries weakening
drains, heals inflammation and ulcera-
tion and cures female weakness.
7 About two years ago I irasCaken sick and it
seemed as if I had no nerves a^all," writes Mrs.
P. Woodbcck, of Delray, Mich. "Could not
work an hour in the day withont being Ured
out. . 1 doctored first with one physician, then
with another, but did not receive any benefit.
One would say one thing and the next something
else. , I had almost piv-en up when I thought
your medicine might help me, so I wrote to yon
usfciug what to do. You advised me to take Dr.
Pierce's Favorite Prescription and ' Golden Med-
, ical Discoverr.' I did so and could ace a differ-
ence right away. I only took four bottles in all
and felt better than I had in a longr time. Can
work all day now and not feel tired as I would
in an hour before takintr your treatment. I
think it is the only medicine."
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets cure diz-
ziness and sick headache. ,
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Get Rid
of Scrofula
Bancb.es, eruptions, Inflammations, sore-
ness of the eyelids and ears, diseases of the
bones, rickets, dyspepsia, catarrh, wasting,
are only some of the troubles it causes.
It is a very active evil, making havoc of
the whole system.
Hood'sSarsaparilla
Eradicates it. cures all its manifestations,
and builds up the whole system.
IjL» Candies % *^
W Chocolates Wl
B v Bonbons Ji
S Given Away- Free
H With
| Teas. Coffees, Spices \
I Baking Powder
I It Pays to '
a Trade at • \\
I Great American Importing Tea Go's ¦
| Stores
H 861 Market 210 Grant ar. 1419 Polk
¦ 140 Sixth 1819 Devisadero 70S Lar kin
¦ 475 Hai*ht 3C06 Sixteenth US Hayes
¦ 8285 Minion 621 Montjr'y aye. ' 62 Market
¦ 2008 Fillmore 2S16 Mission 146 Ninth
g 866 Third 2732 34th 489 Fourth |
INCOMPARABLE,
MAaNIFICENl^
White Touring Cars for Rent. V 5
Will Sell if You Insists
Telephone South 305."
WHITE GARAGE,
Market and Franklin Streets.SEOUL* March 5.— Twenty members
of< the peddlers' band are reported; to
have , taken an oath to kill all officials
JAPAN COMPELS
IMPRISONMENT OF
KOREAN PLOTTERS
War: News. Continued on Pagc2#-
I BERLIN. March 5. — Confidential
information has reached the German
Government to the effect that the
Poles in Russia are planning to turn
decisive disasters '?! to the Russian
arms. In the Far East into demonstra
tions bordering on revolution. De
spite official 'denial/ the Poles in Rus
sia, Germany and Austria have learn
ed that Russia's military strength In
Europe, particularly along the west
ern frontiers," has been "greatly weak
ened by Far Eastern necessities. They
believe that the time 'is opportune for
delivering their : oppressors a vital
( blow*
! ¦ It is certain ; that 'the Cabinets of
| St. Petersburg,- Vienna and Berlin are
. reckoning on the danger of a Polish
['rising in Russia." Germany and Aas
! tri?., whenever' the 'Japanese army
? shall achieve sfgnal victories In Ko
*;rea and Manchuria. Austria's mobil
ization of her 'Gp.lician forces i3 be
lieved to be the first -manifestation of
i defensive measures. "
POLES IN RUSSIA
PLOT REVOLUTION
AGAINST THE CZAR
it is not believed likely that other
nations will deem it wise to com
plicate the situation by seriously
urging the Russian contention
that Japan's new treaty with Ko
rea abrogates the rights of other
powers. '. .
Baron Hayashi, the Japanese
Minister to Great Britain, who
continues in close touch with
diplomatic developments here
and on the Continent, declares
that no European complication Is
likely to occur, • and that the
course, of the war is not in the
least likely to be affected^By any
project of diplomacy now or in
the near future.
Death Comes After n Short Illness.
SALINAS, March 5.— John G. Ana
strong, a native of New York, aged*!)
years, and for more than thirty-six
years a resident of the Salinas Valley
near Blanco, died this morning after a
short illness. The deceased, who was
well known throughout the State, was
very wealthy and leaves a valuable es
tate to his wife, two sons and ono
daughter.
of Northern Korea are not con
sidered important, the absence of
roads . preventing these forces
combining with the main body.
The Cossacks, mounted in
fantry and light guns now across
the Yalu River will serve to har
ass the enemy in every possible
way, as well as to hold him in
check until the Russian main
armies and reserves are concen
trated and disposed. Sharp fight
ing may occur between the ad
vance parties, but nothing of a
decisive character is expected.
The Russian plans contemplate
taking no chances on the score of
inferior numbers. By sheer
weight of men and guns, if noth
ing else, when the proper time
arrives, Russia counts on over
whelming the Japanese and roll
ing them back through Korea. It
is realized that the vastness of the
theater of war will make the pro
tection of the railroads, the sole
means for the transportation of
troops and supplies from Europe,
one of the most difficult phases of
the Russian military problem.
With the Japanese in command of
the sea, there is always the pos
sibility of their landing small bod
ies of men in unexpected places to
make incursions into the interior
to cut the railroad and telegraph
lines and blow up bridges, but
adequate measures are believed to
have been taken to guard against
such misfortune.
It is. a mistake to suppose that
the Russians underestimate the
prowess of their adversaries. On
the contrary, they admit the fine
markmanship of the Japanese and
their marvelous ability to deter
mine ranges; yet the Russians do
not believe that the Japanese can
successfully face the legions of
the Czar. On the sea the mari
time life of the Japanese gives
them a natural advantage, but on
land, where belong all the tradi
tions of the Russian army,, the
men of the empire have perfect
faith, born of their numerous ex
periences with pagan tribes and
the fatalism inherent in the Rus
sian character. ; They believe that
Asiatics cannot meet Europeans
in battle array ; that a yellow
race cannot triumph over a white,
or heathens over Christians.
General Kuropatkin, who will
leave for the front on March 12,
is expected to be on' the ground
before the real campaign opens
He has purchased milk-white
horses from an officer of the cav
alry school to ride in the Far
East, thus following the example
of the famous General Skobeloff.
with whom he fought at the siege
of Geok Tepe.
LONDON, March 5.—Ac
cording to the Foreign Office, a
diplomatic danger is in sight in a
possible Continental protest
against the Japanese-Korean
treaty. Great Britain has been
unofficially approached by one of
the great powers with a view oi
sustaining Russia's protest in'this
connection on a point of interna
tional law. Lord Lansdowne,
however, will take no action, and
Russia Not Ready to. Strike
Continued From Page 21, Column 6.
Seventy-seven Japanese, most of
them returning to their native land to
join the Mikado's land and sea forces,
sailed yesterday for the Orient on the
liner Doric Seventy-seven sailed and
BERLIN, March 5. — Princess Alice
of Bourbon, the divorced wife* of
Prince Frederick of Schoenburg-Wal
denburg, has joined the Russian Red
Cross and started for the camps in the
Far East. .
JAPANESE PATRIOTS
SAIL FOR THE ORIENT
TO ENLIST FOR WAR
PRINCESS ALICE
GOES TO FAR EAST
AS ARMY NURSE
ten times that number crowded the
Doric's decks for the purpose of cheer
ing on the patriots. Japanese orators
mounted the hurricane deck, gave the
Czar a verbal lambasting and uttered
graceful tributes to the brave war
riors who had discarded the fleshpots
of America for the soldier's portion on
the campaign ground. A band, un
musical but loud, played patriotic airs
and at irregular intervals every . Jap
anese raised hia voice In the Asiatic
equivalent for a cheer.
Colonel E. H. Crowder and Captain
Peyton C. March; who have been de
tailed to follow the fortunes of the
Japanese army j for the benefit of the
American service, sailed on the liner,
fellow passengers \ with Captains P." J.
Hegardt and Henry Lindberg, who
will represent Sweden's military arms
in the Far East.
The Russians who recently returned
from Anju to Pukcheng are reported
to have moved northward from the
latter place.
who favor an alliance with. Japan. The
Japanese Minister, on being notified of
this, immediately informed the Korean
Government that if it did not arrest
the conspirators the Japanese officials
would do, so. As a result four leaders
of the peddlers h,ave been arrested.
The Cabinet decided to-day to re
open the railroad between Yongampho
and Wiju.
Work in all the gold mines operated
by natives has been suspended and
will not be resumed until the recon
struction of the Government is com
pleted.
A- British gunboat has arrived at
Chemulpo with foreign refugees from
Songchin on board.
Responding to the charge of violat
ing the neutrality of Korea, they- point
to the action of Russia in Manchuria,
where thousands of troops were as
sembled long before a diplomatic rup
ture occurred. They say that they are
fully prepared to accept the Judgment
of the world on a comparison of their
course in Korea, where they landed
troops only after a state of war existed
and upon the written permission of tht
Emperor of Korea. They deny that
Chemulpo was a neutral port after the
Japanese landed on February 8, but
whether it was neutral or belligerent,
Russia began hostilities there. When
the Russian gunboat Koreitz steamed
out of the harbor of Chemulpo on the
afternoon of February 8 she opened
fire on the Japanese squadron, making
the. opening shot of the war. The
Japanese guns did not respond, but
the Japanese torpedo-boat destroyers
answered the fire and discharged two
torpedoes before the Koreitz retired.
Japan Is confident of the justice and
strength of its "original position on the
integrity of China and the fairness of
its proposals dyring the negotiations.
It feels fully justified In having com
menced hostilities after breaking off
diplomatic relations and serving no
tice of its intention to take independ
ent action. It is sure that its recent
assurance that it had no intention of
taking possession of Chinese territory
and would guarantee the integrity and
independence of Korea will be* ac
cepted by the powers.
The Emperor of Korea has sent the
Mikado a cordial reply to his personal
message assuring the former that war
with Russia was declared solely with
the view of securing permanent peace
and expressing the sincere wish that
the protocol recently concluded be
tween Japan and Korea will increase
the Intimacy of those countries. The
Korean ruler seems determined to
maintain friendly relations with
Japan.
Tht» British Minister in Seoul is
pressing the Korean Government to
define the extent of the district in
cluded in' the opening of the port" of
Wiju, on the Yalu ' River, '"'to. the com
merce of the .world.
TOIvl-., .\iairh C>.— An Austrian steam
ship which has arrived at Hakodate
from Vladivostok reports that the Rus
sian squadron left Vladivostok 'on Feb
ruary-29. It is presumed to be cruising
in northern waters with the hope of
capturing Japanese merchantmen. An
other report says that two Russian war
vessels have been seen off Usuri Bay.
Advices from Hakodate do not mention
any attacks on northern ports.
The steamship Ekaterinoslav of the
Russian volunteer transport fleet,
which had been fitted up as an auxili
ary cruiser; the steamship Manchuria,
belonging to the Chinese Eastern Rail
way Company; the schooner Sliepner
and the steam launch Wuliade have
been declared prizes of war by the
naval court as Sasebo. The decision of
the court is subject to an appeal within
thirty days. '
The session of the Diet, opening
March 18, will last only ten days. Dur
ing the session the war credits will be
submitted. Immediately following the
adjournment the Mikado will leave To
kio for Kioto.
The final returns of the parliament
ary elections show that more than 100
new ! members have been elected. The
large increase of the independent mem
bership is regarded as a favorable sign.
Of late years the Diet has largely been
composed of politicians, and popular in
terest and confidence in it have de
creased. The Diet in consequence has
ceased to be the great representative
body the constitution proposed. Political
issues have caused bickering and fre
quent dissolutions, making the Govern
ment partly an oligarchy instead of a
constitutional administration. The war
has revived Interest in national affairs,
and the new Diet is regarded as an im
provement on Its immediate predeces
sors.
Subscriptions to the war bonds,
gifts to the new war fund and con
tributions to war charities have been
exceedingly large. The issue of the
first 100,000,000 yen of war bonds,
which closes on March 10, will be
oversubscribed four times. The Sol
diers' Relief Society, which Is being
promoted by Counts Mat3Ugata and
Inouye, reports subscriptions ap
proaching 1,000,000 yen. Donations
totaling 250,000 yen already have been
paid to the war fund. Hundreds of
applicatiens have been made for per
mission to contribute to the coming
army and navy r - relief funds, the
amounts offered making a total of
250.000 yen.
The Ladies* Patriotic Society, large
ly composed of peeresses and, the
wives of nobles, is raising a fund in
aid of the Red Cross. The latter so
ciety already possesses a large fund
and an extended organization in
Japan.
Japan addressed a note to the pow
ers to-day, in response to the recent
communication from Russia. The
note has not been published here and
its contents are unknown.
Russia's various communications to
the powers attacking Japan for its
conduct of diplomatic negotiations
before their rupture, its attack on
Russia without declaring war and its
alleged violation of the neutrality of
Korea have been received in
largely in the spirit of amusement.
The Japanese resent what is alleged
to be a deliberate attempt to place
them in a false position regarding cer
tain incidents, but in the main do not
take the correspondence seriously.
Four r^eet Warships Leave the Siberian Stronghold
in Quest of Merchantmen Sailing Under
the Flag of the Mikado.
VLADIVOSTOCK QUADRON
IS AGAIN CRUISING OFF
NORTH COAST OF JAPAN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY. MARCH 6. 1904.
23
DR. SHOOP'S REMEDIES.
SIX BOOKS FOR THE SICK.
What I Learnt Aft r 3D Years.
Which Book I "on Dyspcps'a.,
shall ; b£* 3 on the Kwfneys.
J Book 4 for Women.
j> Bock ."> for Mfn (sealed),
separ - Book C on Rheumatism. . "
No money is wanted. •
• ¦ Simply select the book. you need. •
: It is my experience as a specialist of thirty years. In the book I tell how at
last I found a way to reach difficult, d -ep-seated diseases. Thirty years .of
earnest, ardent toil In hospitals and at bed sides made it possible for me to
write these books. .. X- ;" " ;^v ¦
The book tells how I perfected my prescription — Dr. Shoop's Restorative.
How. by scientific experiment I traced out the_ causes that bring on chronic
diseases. . . . ' :,-.'.:-. ¦ ' _ : .
I found invariably that where thers was a weakness, the inside nerves were
weak. Where there was a lack k of vitality, the vital nerves lacked power. Where
weak organs were, found, I always found weak nerves. Xotthe nerves com-*
monly thought of, but the, vital organs' nerves. The Inside — the Invisible
nerves.
.This was a revelation. Then my reil success began. Then I combined In-
gredients that would strengthen/that would vitalize, these nerves.
• That prescription I called a restorative. It is known' the world over now as
Dr. Shoop's Restorative. After that I did not fail to cure one case in each
hundred. In the extremely difficult cases, my failures for ftye years were one
in each forty treated. I found cancer incurable. Cancer Is" for surgery, not
medicine.
Then how, to get this prescription to sick ones everywhere was my thought.
I must announce it in the public press. But. thought I, will they realize the
real truth of my discovery, the real power of .Dr. Shoop's Restorative? Then a
way came to me— like an inspiration. "I will offer it to the sick on trial. Then
they will know I am sincere — that rav prescription Is unusual." •
I wrote a reliable druggist in each city arid village In America. They
agreed to co-operate with me. Now by : any sick, one. Dr. -Shoop's Restorative
can be taken at my risk. For a full month, I will let you use it entirely at my
risk. - ; . ,
-Send no money. Just write me for the book you need. .When I send it I
will tell you of a-druggist near by. who will permit thft^month's trial. Use the
Restorative a month. Then decide. 1 If you say to the druggist, "It did not
help me." that will relieve you of any expense whatever. He will bill the
cost to me. .This is my way. of clearing your mind of all doubt as to what Dr
Shoop's Restorative can do. y ...'..._. r
No matter how prejudiced, you'eannot dispute this absolute security I offer
You'eannot resist an offer like this if - you are at all sick. If you have a weak-
ness, write me. rrtf- you. can't' do things like you used' to do them, tell me about
it. - Write in confidence. VAs a physician I will tell you a way. to help.
Get my. book now — to-day. Address Dr.'Shoop.-Box 6630. Racine. Wls.
Mild cases, not chronic are often cured by one or two bottle. :^.t "druggists'.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
A FACT FBOVSST
Snould Convince Evea. tbo Most EReptS*
cal cf Its Trots,.
If there is the slightest doubt in tha
minds of any that dandruff germs do not
exist, their belief is compelled by tha
fact that a rabbit inoculated with tha
germs became bald in six weeks' time.
It must be apparent to any person,
therefore, that the only prevention of
baldness is the destruction of the germ—
which act is successfully accomplished
In one hundred per cent of cases by tha
application of Newbro's Hericide.
Dandruff is caused by the same germ
which causes baldness and can be pre-
vented with the same remedy — Newbro's
Herpicide.
Accept no substitute. "Destroy the
I cause you remove the effect."
Sold'by leading druggists. Send 10c la
stamps for sample to The Herpicide Co.,
Detroit. Mich.
INCOMPARABLE,
MAGNIFICENT
White Tonrins Cars for Rent.
Will Sell If Yon Insist.
Telephone South 305.
WHITE GABAGE,
Market and Franklin Streets.
ASTHMANOLA
is th* only core forVerrotts aal -
Bronchial ASTHMA.
Tour DniKKist <~ r at 5U» 1IA1GHT ST..
' fan Francisco. Cal.
•
Tea n.nd ' coffee go by taste
.A coffees four: all different,
inqney back all; at your groccrV
ADVERTISEMENTS - -
A whole p-ge would hardly be enough were we
to describe our Spring stock in detail.
We h ve always shown seasonable goods in
large v riety, but this season we have surpassed
a-.y of our previous efforts.
Every fabric, weave, pattern and color identifier
with Spring Clothing is represented in our splendid
assortment.
Le Ve the selection to us or come with a pre-
conceived idea as to what you want—whichever way
we will please you- -both m the suit and the price.
The garments have been made by us. They are
retailed direct to you at manufacturers' prices. TJiis
is our way of doing business.
Sack buits $ l0
Swell garments, cut in the latest style, elegant,
gray patterns in checks, stripes and plaids; also the
popular gun-metal shades of gray; single-breasted
style onlv; suits like them usually sell for $12.50
or $15.00; coming direct from the makers the price
is $10.00.
Sack Suits $ I5
Splendid business suits in single or double-
breasted styles; patterns comprise the popular steel
and gun-metal grays; also swel« d rk effects witfi a
sprinkie here and there of gulden brown and olive
green to tcne them up; suits like them will cost you
$17.50 to $20.00 in stores that do not maT<e their own
goods; buy here from the m kers at $15.00.
Tuxedo Suits H5
These Tuxedos are made from a bhek thibet— a
good quality fabric— x:ellent for we?r, but rot
nearly as expensive as crepe or unfinished worsted.
The coats have gros grain silk facing. Buying direct
from u* — the makers— the price for a full suit is Lut
615.00.
Trousers $ 2.75
Seme of the troupers are made from cassimere
in gr.'.y shades, comprising herringbone weaves,
hairline nd invisible str.pes; others are fancy
striped worsteds; you wili have no dea of their
Value until you see them; price $2.75.
Out-of-Town Orders Fillea — Write us. Address Dept L
740 Market ; Street
f . ' ADVEBTlSEMENTa
FOR THIRTY YEARS
Congressman MccKison Suffered With
Catarrh---Read His Endorsement
of Pe-rv-na.
\ CONGRESSMAN Mk EKIS0\. OF OHiO. !!
Hon. David Meeklson Is well known, not only in his own State but throughout
America. He began his political career by serving four consecutive terms as
Mayor of the town In whic»j he lives, during which time he became widely known
as the founder of the Meekison Bank of Napoleon. Ohio. He was elected to the
Fifty-fifth Congress by a very large majority, and is the acknowledged leader of
his party In his section of the State.
Only one flaw marred the otherwise complete success of this rising statesman.
Catarrh with its insidious approach and tenacious grasp, was his only uncon-
quered foe. For thirty years he waged unsuccessful warfare against this per-
sonal enemy. At last Peruna came to the rescue, and he dictated the following
letter to Dr. Hartman as the result:
>»*»•«« «»««»»»»•«»««»»"»•••• ••»»»«,» ««»»«»,« «««»««««>,
u "I have used several bottles of Peruna and I feel greatly benefited !!
! I thereby from my catarrh of the head. I feel encouraged to believe that \\
if I use it a shorfitme longer I will be fully able to eradicate the disease ?
of thirty years' standing."— Demy Meekison, ex-Member of Congress. {.
THE season of catching cold. is upon Mrs. A. Snedeker, CartcrsviUe. Ga*
us. The cough and the sneeze and writes:
nasal twang ar« to be heard on "i saw that your catarrh remedy, P«-
every hand. The origin of- chronic ca- runa, was doing others so much good
tarrh. the most common and dreadful of that I thought IT •••••• • »
diseases, is a cold. would try it and|| "
This is the way the chronic catarrh see what it wouM » >—<S»)^^
generally begins. A person catches cold, do for me. My» 2f&2&£~& '
which hanga on longer than usual. The case is an old one ? *
cold generally starts in the head and and I have none* <'yg*J& n&K^I *
throat. Then follows sensitiveness of of the acute* Qf*' *
the air passages which Incline one to symptoms now, 4 *f <S^ ffSg* B
catch cold very easily. At last the per- because I have » f/» *** "^ ff ; |
son has a cold all the while seemingly, had the disease so t \a /j F
more or less discharge from the nose, long "that I hadt \ - r "_ f <<
hawking, spitting, frequent clearing of none of the aches f\ — jka*
the throat, nostrils stopped up, full feel- and pains, but a # y^wN^^^Eia*^ *
ing In the head, and sore, inflamed general rundown « [rM\ *C25Sgg •
throat. • condition of the ? <^\J, &$F^ ?
The best time to treat catarrh Is at the whole body — sorer <^J ?/<%0lr ?
very beginning. A bottle of Peruna prop- nose and throat J «,-«!,*«. I
erly used never fails to cure a common and stomach. I{ sir*. A. snecejier. ?
cold, thus preventing chronic catarrh. had a good appe- i .
While many people have been cured of tlte. but my food did not nourish my
chronic catarrhVa single bottle of Pe- po^ds^we^
runa, yet. as a rule, when the catarrh be- that j am well of my troubles."— Mrs.
comes thoroughly fixed more than one j^ Snedeker. .
bottle is necessary to complete a cure. Send for free book on catarrh, entitled
Peruna has cured cases Innumerable of "Winter Catarrh." by Dr. Hartman.
catarrh of twenty years* standing. .It Is "Health and Beauty" sent free to women
8?SSfeff S^Sh ffSiSaS? remCdy ° n »you do not derive prompt and sat-
f °Butp?ive1ftion is xa? bitter than cure. Isfactonr results from the use 1 of P«una.
Every person subject to catching cold write at once to Dr. Hartman. giving aDuring the darkest days . of n ' that
struggle for our national existence,
when every other nation of Europe
seemed to have turned against us or
stood ready to take part in the dis
ruption of the United States and of
its republican institutions, when
England openly allowed .the building
of .the, Confederate ironclads Alabama
and Shenandoah, which they armed
and> manned with British guns and
British sailors . and sent forth to de
stroy ' our- commerce upon the 'seas,,
with -such awfulf results. _-¦ And when
the- Emperor of Austria Joined with
France under Napoleon III, and sent
a. French army under -Marshal Bazaine
to Mexico to turn that republic into
a\.monarchy. by seating. Prince Maxi
ralllian uoon a throne a* Emperor of
Mexico, then Russia stood our friend
and; made that fact known to the
other; nations, of ..Europe,, warning
them to "keep hands off" while tho
Editor of The Call— Sir:.- .In ..one
of our. newspapers, under the; hea:d»
ing "Friendship of the Russians.*'.'/late
ly appeared an . article jfrom' *I>es
Moines, Iowa. 3tating-. that a "resolu
tion was introduced in the Legisla'turej
of Iowa calling attention' to % the po3si-,
ble effects of " the Uussiarf- Japanese,
war upon Christian civilization 'jarifl.
upon commerce in the- Fan East ahd :
of the uniform kind attitude- of r.Rusr-'
sia toward the United States during'
cur entire history — of their sympathy;
for our struggle for independence and
their rrr»-at service to us during our
Civil War and urging, Americans to
refrain from expressing, a sympathy
that would Indicate that we are un
mindful of Russia's, past favors
to us." • ,. ;.• i .
I was ir!a<J _td*.»ee this frank ac
knowledgment made In bo ! public a
manner by one- of -our sovereign
States. It would be well if other
States took the same way of remind
ing us of what> Russia had done, for
the United States., particularly In "the
time of our Civil War.
BERKELEY CITIZEN
SAYS AMERICA OWES
DEBT OF GRATITUDE
PARIS, March 5.— The official view
here does not share that which is said
to prevail at Washington and in Berlin
that the threatening anti-Russian at
titude of the Chinese General3 Ma and
Yuan Shi Kal, the commander-ln-chief,
may lead to a breach of China's neu
trality and compel France to take ac
tion In behalf of Russia. Reports re
ceived here confirm those which have
reached Washington £r.d other capitals
—that the. Chinese troops are showing
much activity ir. Northern China and
along the Manchurian border. They
also indicate that bands of Chinese
brigands are taking advantage of the
opportunity to resume their depreda
tions and raids through . Manchuria:
but the officials here say it is a mistake
to connect such action of . irregular
Chinese forces with the actions of the
Chinese Government. .
The" reports received here show that
irregular actions by various branches
of the Chinese army are likely to bo
unfavorable to Russia and favorabU.
to Japan, but the French Government
will not* consider such Irregular mill-
FRANCE BELIEVES
CHINA 'S ATTITUDE
WILL BE CORRECT
It is understood that the cable com
pany was acting, in making its appeal
to this Government, on behalf ot the
Japanese Government. In this connec
tion .the company probably will be
given to understand that If it Is re
garded as . desirable In the future to
make a connection with the Philippine,
cable line at Guam, the connecting
link will ' be laid and operated under
the authority of this Government.
the President's mind as to the desira
bility of granting the sought for per
mission at this time.
However distant the prospect of the
United States becoming embroiled in
the pending war between Japan and
Russia may be regarded, it is certain
that if such a contingency does occur
the War Department will not be found
unprepared. The military forces at all
the posts on the Pacific are oh what
practically amounts to a war footing,
and though nothing beyond common is
noted by a superficial observer, disci
pline is maintained at a rigorous stand
ard and "absence on leave, either for of
ficers or men, is very hard to obtain.
"One never knows what may happen
when a war imperiling the interests of
every first-class nation on the globe is
¦wuging," was the remark of one of the
most prudent officers in the army when
asked to explain matters relating to
certain movements. It is known that
mines for defending the "harbor en
trance have recently been Inspected
and prepared for anchoring at a mo
ment's notice. Access to all the forts
GUAM-JAPAN CABLE
PKOJECT WILL NOT
BE PUT THROUGH
The Buford'is scheduled to sail for
Manila on the 10th inst. She will take
600 marines,' besides a large number
of casuals and a big cargo of lumber.
The officers who go in command of
the marines are Major C. A. Doyen,
commanding battalion; Captains T. C.
Treadwell, H. O. Bisset", P. S. Brown,
Harry See, F. M. Wise and P. F.
Archer, battalion quartermaster; First
Lieutenants G. H. Mather,. Charles T.
Westcott. Thomas Holcomb Jr., E. A.
Greene' and Second Lieutenants H. C.
Egan. C. F. Williams. X. P. Vulte, H.
T. Swain, T.. Williams, F. C; McCon
nell.-T. Howard, -R. O. Underwood, J.
F. Dwyer.and R.- B. Creecy and.Sur
geon J. S. Taylor. . :
Significant also is the refusal of the
Department of Agriculture to give out
details of the wireless system recently
established between the Farallones and
Point Reyes. A scientific publication
asked permission to describe the new
system in its columns, and in response
received the following from Willis L.
Moore, chief of the United States
Weather Bureau:
"Dear Sir: I desire to inform you
that the Weather Bureau does not de
sire at this time to give out any details
In regard to its'wireless telegraphy ap
paratus that is used between the Faral
lon Islands and the mainland."
Fort Miley at Point Lobos and Fort
Baker at Bonita Point are both ready
for any emergency, and the presence of
any person not directly employed at
cither place is forbidden. From these
heights a perfect command of a!I the
de-.jp water passes through the bar Is
inainiai.ied by the batteries of twelve
inch rifles and .huge mortars, with
ranges of fourteen miles.
WILL COM3I AND MARINES.
OFFICIALS ARE KETICEXT.
and batteries 1^ rigidly denied to. all
but the military who are there to de
fend them. Drilling is incessant, both
in army and navy. Transports are be
ins made . ready, and the • Union Iron
Works has b*>en urged to greater exer
tion in completing the battleship Ohio,
which, would be so powerful an auxili
ary to the strong naval force which the
United States is gathering in Oriental
waters.
FORTIFICATIONS ON PACIFIC COAST
ARE PRACTICALLY ON A WAR BASIS
Department in Washington Is - Hurrying Preparations for Con
tingencies Growing Out of the Russo-Japanese
Struggle in the Far East.
GILROY, March 5.— Mrs. Judith
Hodges, wife of P. C. Hodges, a pioneer
lumberman and banker of. Gilroy, died
at an early hour this morning after a
long illness. She was a native of North
Carolina and aged 75 years. Mrs.
Hodges' maiden name was Franklin.
She had been a resident of Gilroy for
many years and was universally loved
and respected. The funeral will take
place Sunday afternoon at 2 o'clock.
Wife of Gllroy Pioneer Dead.
. In. view of. this long friendship
which Russia has always shown to
us should she not now have our sym
pathy, in this, the'timeof her trial?
.As Americans who love fair play,
is she not entitled to it?
Are we quite sure that, situated as
Russia is in Europe, we can afford to
risk the loss of her friendship?
Ingratitude is not a characteristic
of our people; they may forget. for a
time benefits . received during long
years of tried friendship, but they
only .need to be. reminded of these by
the public press of our country and
they, will be quick to swell the already
changing current of America's hearty
sympathy toward Russia ,in !'•- war
in which she is now engaged.
ADAM T. GREEN.
Berkeley. March .1. •1904.
United States was* engaged in that
death struggle for its life.
Our entire nation at the time rec
ognized the great service Russia had
rendered Us and Americans every
where took. every opportunity to show
how- deeply, they appreciated It.
Old residents of San Francisco will
remember the great "Russian ball,"
which was given by the citizens to the
officers of the Russian fleet then in
our harbor; 6n its way to the then Rus
sian possessions of the north. The
ball v.as attended by all the civil of
ficers of the State and city, by the ju
diciary of the. State and of San Fran
cisco, by all. the foreign Consuls and
the officers of the United States army
and navy. Optr Russian guests, were
astonished arid delighted "at the'splen
dpr of that balf>.and of- the hearty re
ception, accorded. .to -them- as repre
sentatives of their Government: -
Madame Pousep of Riga, who de
sires to be enrolled in a Cossack regi
ment, is here urging her petition. She
is 33 years of age, was reared under
the patronage of the late Czar Alex
ander III, is a" fine horsewoman, a
good shot and handles rifle, revolver
and sword equally well, often taking
part In the cavalry maneuvers of the
Vyazensky regiment. Madame Pou
sep also is qualified as a Red Cross
nurse, but she says there are enough
women nurses and she wants to show
that a woman can fight. If her peti
tion be rejected she will go at her own
expense and serve as a daughter of
the regiment.
A naval expert, writing to the No
vosti, predicts, that Korea will prove
The disappearance of* the Japanese
fleet from Port Arthur after its failures
is creating merriment here, one paper
remarking that it. has "donned the in
visible carv straddled the carpet and
may land next in the ice in front of St.
Petersburg."
The Gazette this morning attributes
the less unfriendly attitude o* the
United States and Great Britain toward
Russia to the fact that they are com
mercial nations and realize that ' the
war will cost a tremendous amount of
money, and that Japan will not have
the walkover expected.
WOMAN* WANTS TO FIGHT..
ST. PETERSBURG. March 5.— In an
swer to a representation made by Em
bassador McCormick in regard to the
American gold miners at Wonsan. Ko
rea, the authorities have assured the
Embassador that the Russian soldiers
will afford them every protection.
The continued dearth of news from
the front does not occasion surprise
here, as the Russians are proceeding
deliberately with their plans, serious
land operations not being expected for
several weeks. However, minor colli
sions in Northern Korea may occur at
any time. . • '
The report of Major General Pflug,
chief of staff of Viceroy Alexieff, that
the stacks of a, Japanese cruiser sunk
near Chemulpo" have been seen confirms
the theory entertained from the first
that the Japanese are following- their
traditional policy of concealing their
losses.
A letter from an officer of the Rus
sian cruiser Pallada has been received
here describing the first attack by the
Japanese upon Port Arthur. The
writer denies the story that the officers
of, trie Russian fleet were ashore and
confirms the statement that the Jap
anese made use of false lights. He as
serts that at 11 o'clock at night' a
practice drill to repel a torpedo at
tack was executed and that toward
midnight four Russian torpedo-boats,
which simulated the enemy, headed
back toward Dalny. from which place
they had come. The crews of the fleet
had retired, only the watch remaining
on deck. The ships were, in the outer
harbor and the captain of the Pal
lada, which vessel occupied the ad
vance position, had descended from
the. bridge for a last look around be
fore going below, when he "perceived
lights advancing. The ship's lights
shown were white above red — -being
those of the Russian warships wheii
they enter the harbor. The captain of
the Pallada supposed, the approaching
vessels were the Russian torpedo-boats
returning from Dalny and his suspi
cion's were aroused only when, upon
drawing nearer, they covered and un
covered their "lights at irregular in
tervals. The signal tower ¦ signaled
that the lights were not understood.
At this moment the Pallada's cap
tain, through the thick night, made
out the outlines of the torpedo-boat
The weather at Port Arthur during
the last few days has been j much
warmer, indicating the approach of
spring.
Many fast locomotives are being
sent from European Russia to Sibe
ria.
A report that the Egyptian Govern
ment has decided to close the Suez
canal to the belligerents, discussed se
riously in the newspapers here, _ is
laughed at in official Crcle3. where it
is pointed out that th^. international
regulations are of a cast iron charac
ter and cannot be changed by Egypt.
The Jewish farming colony in Khor
son province has voted to donate
$5000 for war purposes.
STRATEGY OF JAPANESE.
a mousetrap to the Japanese, adding
that "not one-hundredth part of the
yellow Napoleons will get out alive."
Embassador McCormick Assured That There Is No
Necessity for the Sending of Marines to
Guard Property at Wonsan.
A terrific explosion occurred under the
hull of th« Pallada, raising a torrent
of water, which submerged the cruis
ers deck, but' did not stop her firing
or maneuvering, which now, however,
were complicated by the measures
taken to close a breach amidships, be
low the water line, made by ,the ex
plosion of the torpedo.
Soon afterward two other torpedoes
exploded almost simultaneously, one
under the bow of the Retvizan and
the other under the stern of the Ce
sarevitch. This double explosion end
ed the attack,' the Japanese vessels
retiring at full speed.
It is possible that the authorities will
arrangp to give Lieutenant Lewton A.
McCuIly. the United States naval at
tache with the Russian navy, special
facilities r over the Siberian Railroad
to join the Russian squadron. He will
come here' immediately from London.
The military attaches will proceed
with similar facilities about April 1.
The Berlin report, based on a tele
gram frum St. Petersburg, that all the
powers except the United States and
Great Britain replied to Russia's note
comjnunicated to her Embassadors
abroad and given out on February 23,
agreein? with the Russian view that
Japan had violated the neutrality of
Korea, is incorrect. The Foreign Of
fice explains that Russia lodged this
protest with the powers without ' re
questing an ansv.-er. leaving them free
to express opinions or not. as they
pleared. At the same time, the pow
er?, wer-f expected to declare them
selves .->n the subject at some time in
the future.
HIT BY TORPEDOES.
destroyer's smokestacks in pairs, amid
ships. As the stacks of the Russian
destroyers are In line fore and aft, the
crews of the Russian ships were in
stantly called to quarters. ''
In less than three minutes the Pal
lada's men were at their posts, orders
were given that the guns be-charged
with grape and a fierce fire was opened
on the oncoming Japanese. The bat
tleships Cesarevltch and Retvizan.
which were in the first line, a short
distance astern of the Pallada, also
opened fire almost immediately.
RUSSIANS WILL PROTECT
AMERICAN GOLD MINERS
IN KOREAN WAR DISTRICT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH tv 1904
tary excursions as placing the Chinese
Government in a state of war against
Russia.
WASHINGTON. March 5.— In re
sponse to the tentative appeal of the
Commercial Cable Company, 'made
with a view to ascertaining how. this
Government Would receive a formal ap
plication for- permission to land a cable
on the island of Guam- running from
Japan, It. is" proliable^now that a sug
gestion 1 will be offered that formal' ap
plicationfor the permission be deferred.
The. question has been considered very
thoroughly, and while the United States
does not- concede that-. the laying of
the.cableor the landing of the line at
Guam would be a violation of the terms
of the neutrality of this >. Government
between Russia and Japan, other con
siderations have Induced a doubt in
24
. ADVEKTISEJltENTS.
I THE DOCTORS WHO CURE?
gDRS. shores a. shores -« ss SSU°SSS5S- iE :
• SL^ X>i«e»»e«. X^dAer Troublea, Heart Dimea.se. Piles, Piatula aad Sects! ©
q l>i«ea*e«. Diseases of Wonca aaa ChUdrea, Skin Diseases. Dealaen3, «
S SZ? 1 *^ s 'onehi»liaG. Luax rTroublem, aheuiaatliax. Hay rever, 1.03t 11
J Strength, Blood Diseases and all tvrmu cf Hervcaa and Cliroalc Diseases. •
| i^llJrr FOR MEN ONLY! 8
g WEAK MEN PAY WHEN CURED |
0 If you suffer from any of the weak- We cure you first and then ask a a
• nesses or. diseases caused by lenoran*. r, c wnv i i-i t- pit t "
«_ dissipation or contagion. YOU ARE THE REASONABLE FLE when y<ra are $
• VERY PERSON WE WANT TO TALK cured. You can depend upon uur word; £
© "TO. _ . . thousands ©r patients have Indorsed a*. •
•• wt^-fcave proven our «kin In curtnar NOW \vr •n*\>:T t«-» n'-rv ¦»¦<->«- -...-, e%
Z Chroajc Disease* by puWlshinR the many ZlT ' ANT TO CLRE TO »- «*«• •
J voiuntary testimonials from bom* people. lne distinct understanding that we will W
V srivlnc names, pictures and addresses. not demand a i'KE until we cure you.
• WE CAN'T PUBLISH OUR CURES IN This applies to LOST STRENGTH Or- O
9 . SPECIAL DISEASES. . • fanlc Weakness. Varlcocettt. Diseases or *¦
A Because . It . .would betray confidence. the Prostate Glar.d Contracted Dtsor- «£
Z Hence we have to prove our skill In this der». Stricture, etc.* Contagious Blood ™
• class of troubles In another way. This Poison and all WEAKNESSES of men. •
W Is our Dlan: Consultation and advice free. O
0 . We make a specialty of curing patients by mall. We hav« cared thousands who A
have never seen us per.- nally. If you are afflicted and cannot call, writ- us for ad- S
• vice and free symptom blanks and we will xtadly a J vise you resardlns your case w
free of chars*. ' " • "'•'.' 99
9 Office hours: 9 a. rn. to 4:30 p. m.; evenin-s. S:3O to S; Sundays and : olidaym, 9
| DI6?SHppS&SHpDES,E}qicrtSpccKdhls, 0^^^^ |
g?5f3\A/EAK MEIN
JfcS'fcag :,h. H.\i>t/*i iu;invh;oi:atok
p-3 EHM tXKfm «11 '.i»n± mxiA uucatur&i a.*-
\ W <.iurc«rx fa Zi hours. You feel an
«TJ Cj£4 :c:in-ovem<nt lix:u ttt urn <!o*t.
wJ ),\* bav« mi mutli to:.t:i2rr.ce ::. our
i*J : L 1Y. •:• a:rr. r : t ti.it v.rr offei Kiv» Hun-
Si itiS urrj ;¦ vj!« uir any (Ut we cia-
WtatCM nil niK-: '.¦¦•i'.> !--irtt r -.T.<"iy cures
Ici-t l>c - -".*r. r.'et.'-'-y *rr.:*sloBE.' wmct^l trrana,
MWicOadtts a'-- <-i~ firlcture*. ku!n-ye. <«iiins
j.,«:.;urj. ».:»•.:.¦¦ in tiuz. ji _•.<.-. Kon«ATboe^. <iu»-
» s -» '.f « !-<- ;.i ..»t^ ic gtjuidi and all other terrl-
Ll": cOivt:. of tv't-ib'j** ur excctno*. which lead
OB W cur.«am>jtlon and death. Hu»itiv<rly cure<
"rh* wcr»t ca»r-ji to nid cr joun;; uf that mcrti-
f;-.BS CrndUton. <i j.' V .r.f .-, cf lhe d'tchare*.' *nj
TitTfK 10 6<-: and jwj cin'u. S*iu »ea>a. *-
j^r br.'.'.l*. ihrfrr ftoilin $0. tjuaraateea u
¦ cure »: > cas*.
Call cr «<U;r»«. ordrr> IIAUt/S MEDICAL
' IXSTITTTTK. 69 Brca-!way. OakiticO. C«L
Aim tor »al* at IOT-H: Market »t-. S. F. Send
• for f r*-* book. -
r) visit DR. JORDAN'S great $
OF BHATOHY*
¦V 6^ 'jxuuzxxr. £7.to.fct*7ti,c.r.Cii. A
K 7 fcc L *T«* t A»«fliBic»; X:<<::m ir the \
• '} f* A^ V. o».c \t r»i:.-,.ti ,,,y , .. n ;r». ir '\ Q
vJtrcJM <J*»»"» l»«»"« > 'l,»«-»rr<«h T t«iTldett Y
O rtrJHl -¦pt'-^: 4 "-^ 'l>:Cc>t^ Elkjkycuv O
0 i5K*S C '°" R 3AH-D'SEASES OF MEN
U I J 9+£ a Tre«r-mest pr, VO ru.l j n hf '-~i.n. A Q
B 5r *1 II flt" Owrt w every c«-» irulfrtakca. i \
A f ;/ 11 £ v ->-t, fcr It^ok. PBILOKUniT »t A
V* ir M atnnuce; r.nn^o i *£e_ uV
*i i* if- *»i-si-« bee* '»r ¦&*¦) X
V VB.. JOBDAS A CO.'. iSil tlsrtu St..S. F. V
* •
Every Woman
v S»'- >\\ U tater«te<l »a<I ebonW fcnow_
TOSSSsV® tURVEL Whirfing Spray
\U»Cv^;ff"i«l tii» and Stttvnu B«t-Stf-
\ XvOf'.»C«v e«t— Mo«t Coi)T*ni«it.
* "~^L^ -','--/'*>^ UOtKajol—mtiy.
Jf h- nrrot »nprly lie X/^^lr •''.' •".''• .V5 .
*!I4B»"EI».«»C»-»'plBO ' \j. '• A— +~. r^am
t*tnrr. bcifod rt»ni»«fnrlV. \v g '"''/i'f\S
nsrratf d book-«»«»4.U CJTet \V / /M
.|uU|*rtirjJk.r«asd<Ure< > iicsil3. ,vt I , (a
TxiuAbie to l»d'.f«. yi A R\£X CO.. W^ ; v. ,.,'W
Q ad way's
Purely vt-setable. mild tn& rtSlab'.e. Caus:«
perfect cizectioa. cozsplcle atworpUcn and
fccaltMul regularity.
For the cure of nir<JUordcrs of the Stomach.
laver. Howe's. - Kidneys. Bladder. Female Ir-
• regularities. Kick -HeaJache, Biliousness. Con-
¦tisatlcn. Pile* and all derangements of the
Zsternal Viscera. 25c a box. At irvzgieit' or
to Bait RADWAY & CO., New York.
M>hninii#T FMiira-Blvm jtTttJm hi i —in— n n«f n iftm ¦ i'inr-i*fTri* — t* '"trrrr^
. / ADVZRTISEMENTa.
\H Cu rta i o Specia 1 J W
WL Colooial Arabians W}
yyVL Two hundred pairs in two patterns — • y
(sj] ¦ , .one correctly shown in picture above. , £a
' Made of a good quality of bdbbinet and . iw
decorated with the now popular Arabian iT
. . [& . . tapes. They are curtains we can recorn-
yv\ mend for use in any home arid sell reg- H7
.:r>.\\ ularly at $3.00 and $4.00 pair. Better fK
T; \C come to-morrow, for they may not last VJ
*'26ito 281 Geary St, atX T nion Square
ADVERTISEMENTS. £
Greatest Alpaca' ' COU3TTBT 0S9SBS BECETVX FBOMPT ATTilATZOXT. : $9.95 COBfOrtBFS fOT
¦*"¦ ; r»»»rt the fc.ee*si 0 W%^rf_ M '• A ComJorter bargain
t«. *ver p!*eed or. »«!«• jjy yC-fffSyL/KrXy/f *%r/n Au(% 7Mr3f A^jWttfTr^TJlQrmM iczen new gty'.w double
•VVa.:?«f ffijuSe of "a f.r.- ijffimnlnii^^^Su^m^ my>y mtirAgTBiy fc«»vy, filled with pure
rra-J'? £s-jr*4 Alpaca. In <^ .-^-J—^^^ white ccttor., coverei
Navy asd "hit-. Black B^^ wt *^ chclce '?HUolir.e;
asfl Black each Or. • »p*ctel ?1.T5 «ach
J j 5)fl ALL CJsiSli iPUKSrlA^C'S ! ?!
TAKE advantage of the money-refunding: plan we are offering this
month. We shall refund the money on all cash purchases made on
a certain day of this month (already selected^— this day to be an-
nounced in the Sunday papers of April 3d. It doesn't matter whether
your cash purchases made on the lucky day amounted to 10 cents or
$100, if your cash duplicates bear the correct date your money will be
cheerfully refunded. Buy something every day and you are bound to be
one of the lucky ones. C. O. D. and charge accounts do not participate
I in this grand offering. • . .
I OUR BIGGEST HOSIERY SALE.] I Saving Sale Sheets and Pillowcases
We start a. Hosiery Sale to-morrow — one of the. great- J a gale of dependable irearinsr Sheets and Pillow Cases
f est efforts of many a. season. Over 2500 sample, pairs of a t j^g than the cost of uncut and unsewed muslin.
jj high-clzMa Fancy Lisle and Silk Hose, which -we .closed That's because we .looked far ahead and bought before
* y out from &n Importing house for less than half price. the price of cottqn'went soaring to the sky. Every piece
. -» , ii t « _i »i T ti ¦ n j ** finished with thfee-inch hem, and ironed. " i
A Great Hosiery Opportunity To-Morrow— Read: 1 sheets T^^iar vai ue 6oc- -f Or ....soc
_.„,.„ , , -' - • i i T2x9O Sheets. Regular value S5c. for 55cl
1 50c HoTelty Hose— sale price 23c a pair » si^ao sheets. K^iar value toc. for — io~ e i
I $i,oa NoTEiti Lisie Hose-saie price. . .48c ..pair >%; S ; C S'^ S^;:^: :::::: till
; $1.50 NcTelty Lisle Hose — sale price. . .7Sc a pair '***** plllow Case?; - R^ lar valu<> 221^ f " r - 171 i°
$2.00 Norslty Lisle Hose— sale price. $1.20 a pair -;oo S h»*t». -s?^T!S,^ricf P ?. C . i .^. L ; 4 So M< . h
I Rousing Sale Silk Chiffon. 1 1 SALE OF WASH SILKS, II ALLOVER LACE SALE. I
45c Qnaliti for Monday and Tnesday, li^S^M WmM
Lf Tr i!^ d °an ! d 0 Sln n tPOOC ¥**** lh J Yn I Cream'and Ecru: the
I mercefized Chiffon, for Japanese \V ash Silks m latest and handsomest patterns
I party and evening T»r* White, Blue, Pink, Lavender. f or Waists; actual value $i
i dresee*. in solid color* of Light Gray and White and Black. Re-1 to <-, -q " o
IBh^^MsB] iiyon spccia 'l lsai e 'pric^l.00anJ$l.50yd,
ABOUT
THAT TRIP EAST.
THE simplest way for you to obtain '
the .information you need is to \ use r -
the accompanying coupon." .';l-*\ ;^.. ' ; ,, ' -
Fill it out, mail to this ofiBce and -an- -
answer will be forthcoming in the course §
of a couple of days. * ; i-»*
C A. RUTHERFORD. D. P. A^ . ¦'"'' 1- ., ¦¦¦•,
623 Mtrkst Street/.San Francisco. - - : <
% t expect to leave for ' ' ' ¦¦•¦¦••- ¦¦.¦.- -
ebemt__ ...•"'..' \
Please quote f^ class rate. ,
Advise rce also what the Rock Island's through
car arrangements are. Do I change cars? If sdj 'where? ]
Mail me copies of any literature your company has
that will be of interest to me. ; .
Name _^ ¦ i
Street and No ' ' ' ' ' \
City and State ' ' \
1J|hm|jF||W C. A. RUTHERFORD,
\ JSot^VrSf^t^SL District Paiseneer Agent. . ...
623 Market St., San Francisco.
ADVEBTISZaEENTS.
| B, KATSCHINSKI
| Philadelphia Shoe Co.
I 10 THIRD STREET, SAN FRAXGISCQ
r\ Adjciaisr Call Baildlsr.
in X^wiL- C 0\ *"!f P
•
I OUR NATTY STYLES -
1 IN SPRING NOVELTIES [
f| Spring, beautiful spring-, with
9 all its brightness and s-unshine. Is
II with us again, ar.d the near ap-
H proach ot Easter will naturally
H .brins out all the swell styles of
tf tha season. We have always been
* rioted for the extra good values
H we sell, and this Spring we also
f! sh-»w styles that are extra tine and
tl neat. All the late Ideas and most
B fetching effects in new goods. A
B style for Spring: Ladles' Finest
fl Patent Leather Kid Button Oxford
: |l Ties, with mat kid tops, plain coir.
£1 toes, turned soles and extra hijrh
3 LXV French heels. OUR FBXCX
¦ ONLY &2.7r,. You would pav
r If $3.50 elsewhere. Sizes Z\i to 7;
! H widths A to D.'
8 A VERY NEAT SHOE
g Something new for Spring: La-
Jl dies' Vld Kid Lace Shoes, witii
g perforated high cut wave varaps.
H neat up-to-date toes and patent
n leather tips, pliable solesaml
H high concave Cuban heels. wj-bXa
f| BE SOLD FOE rfJ.r.O You pay
11 J3.50 hi the specialty stores for
fl this style. Size3 2>,» to S; widths
B AA to E.- f
|T^flnly50c
I A BIG REDUCTION
\i Truly, a great bargain in Chil-
li dren's Shoes. Patent Leather and
fi Vici Ktd Lace and Button Shoes.
¦ coin toes and tips, cloth and kid
B tops, turned soles and spring
P heVls. Reduced from J1.00 and
E J1.25 TO .'Of A PAIS. Sizes 4^ a
¦ to 51; widths A to C r
I A FOUR STRAP SANDAL
»j! Sandals are now the style, and
j every one is wearing them. but. as
fj usual, we undersell ail our com-
|| petitors. Ladies* Viet Kid Fonr-
Rj Strap Sandals, with plain coin
f| toes, turned soles and Cuban heels.
II THE FSICS 030.T SI. ."»<>. Sold
Hj elsewhere for $2.50. Sizes 1^ to
H Send for our New Illustrated
cl Spring Catalogue. i
B. KATSCHINSKI
| Philadelphia Shoe Co.
j 10 THXSD ST. San Praacijco.
IXC03IPABABLK. "'^
3IAGXIFICEXT
White Tonrimr Cars for RenU
Will Sell if Yon Insist.
Telrnhone South 305.
AVHITE GAEAGE.
.Market and Franklin Streets.Count Alfred Heinrich Carl Ludwig
von Waldersee was born at Potsdam
in 1832. He entered the army in
1S50 and served with distinction
through the war of IS 66 and the
A piece of skin cut from a human
body will show signs of life for ten
days after separation. This discovery
is important in connection with the
grafting of new skin over a damaged
part of the body.
lor. Be this as it may, she certainly
threw herself eagerly into even" move-,
ment that had for Its object the thwart
ing of Bismarck; and she chose out his
bitterest enemies for her special friends.
'A -decree of the Kaiser, however, made
at the instance of the "Iron Chancellor"
forbidding soldiers to meddle in politics,
which every one knew was aimed at
his chief of staff, Von Waldersee, put
a stop to her plans. Officially Count
Waldersae was in disgrace, although
privately he stood as high as ever In
the favor of his. sovereign, who contin
ued then as afterward to give him
proofs of his friendship.
A gc-od proof of tha Emperor's friend
ship was his selection of Von Waldersee
to command the forces of Germany in
China in 1S09, carrying with it perforce
on account of his time of service and
rank the command in chief of the al
lied forces on that occasion. The
Count's camp outfit, uniform, etc, -were
specially designed and provided for
him by the Emperor.
Up to the time of his marriage Count
Waldersee devoted himself entirely to
his military duties. Under the influ
ence of his wife, however, he began
gradually to take an active interest in
politics. Countess Waldersea is one of
the cleverest and most ambitious wo
men in all Europe, and in the early
eighties she was one of the most at
tractive. If rumor is to be relied upon,
no sooner was she married to Count
Waldersee than she made up her mind
that he should be installed in. Prince
Bismarck's place as Imperial Chancel-
forming a circle and taking part in so-;
cifety, notwithstanding that he carried 1
his life in his hands, for he was held in
execration by the Parisians because h^
had been before the war the zealous^
and ever observant agent "of Prince Bis
marck, the favorite, and some saidtbe
confidant and adviser of the credulous
Empress.
Count von Waldersee, though taking
an active part in all the great wars of
his time, never was wounded, never so
much as received a scratch. He had a
strong religious conviction that he was
protected by an especial providence 'or
Hhe benefit of his country— indeed, re
ligious feeling which almost bordtred
¦ on fanaticism was the keynote of his
character.
Count von. Waldersee, as field mar
shal, was the ranking officer of those
ordered to China I - their Govern
ments upon the outbreak of the Boxer
troubles and upon his arrival on the
scene of action he became commander
in chief of the allied forces. ¦'
During the occupancy of Peking by
the allied forces- he showed his rare
skill as a diplomatist not only, in deal
ing with the Chinese generals and
statesmen, but also in minimizing the
friction between the military of the
several powers under his command,
whose national jealousies more than
once threatened' to make open rupture.
, A \ tthe \ end of that notable service
Count von Waldersee returned to Ger
many, where he was received by his
august master, the Kaiser, with great
display, and with added honors and
titles went practically into well-earned
rest.. I
The Count was remarkable for. the
ease with which' he worked In harmony
with men holding widely different
views to himself and his tact in dealing
with situations in which different in
terests clashed. After the capitulation
of Paris he, as chief of staff, was ap
pointed to act as. special envoy to ,ar- 1
range the ticklish matter of getting the j
French to pay* the first installment of
the war indemnity,.- and ' . he brought
back .to;Moltke the first check on ac-.
count of the huge war debt.
. After the • war he went to Paris ' as
Charge d' Affaires, and succeeded in
Countess von Waldersee was Miss
Mary Lea, the daughter of a whole
sale grocer of New York. She mar
ried, in 1864, Prince Frederick von
Schleswig - Holstein - Sonderburg -
Augustenburg. Prince Frederick died
six months later, leaving his widow a
fortune of $4,000,000. -She married
Count von Waldersee in 1S66.
SKILLED AS A DIPLO3LVT. ,
Count yon Waldersee originally N en
tered the artillery branch of the ser
vice from the School of Cadets and
rose to the rank of captain as a line
officer. He was then transferred to
the staff of the commanding general,
and as a staff officer he distinguished
himself both by his bravery and his
thorough scientific knowledge of war
fare. *¦-_
Waldersee was famed as the cour
tier of the German army. in 1881
General Roberts and several col
leagues from the British army wit
nessed the maneuvers of the Tenth
Army Corps at Hanover, and Count
von Waldersee, as its chief of 'staff, ac
corded them so much hospitable at
tention that they paid him .many com
plime"nts upon their . return to. Eng
land. ..
For more than 200 years the Von
Waldersees have been prominent in
Prussian military affairs. The grand
father of Count von Waldersee was
the author of the standard work on
regulations in the German army, an
abridged copy of which, the "Little
Waldersee," is placed in the hands of
every recruit. A brother of the Count
was killed during the siege of Paris.
Another brother was commander of
the navy. ..
FAMED AS, A COURTIER.
Franco-Prussian war 'of 1870-71. In
1881 he became quartermaster general
and acted" as deputy chief of the gen
eral staff on behalf of the aged Count
von Moltke. When the latter retired
in 18SS Count von Waldersee became
chief of the seneral staff.
lin and Professor Eppstein of Gettin
gen, the great experts in intestinal
maladies, were sent by Emperor "Wil
liam to attend the field marshal.
Von Waldersee was the only sub
ject not of the royal house who was
always cheered by the public. Not
even the Chancellor was treated with
more m respect and admiration, for he
had to do witnTthe things that made
Prussia great and the empire possl
blel His partial estrangement with
the present Emperor in the early part
of the latter's reign, the reason of
which still remains obscure, had long
since disappeared and had been re
placed by the Emperor's cordial
friendship.
Services at the churches to-day are
z.s follows: I
Trinity M. E. — Morning, "Revival Cca>%i, '
tic-ns" : everur.K, Krmia. Paster. R;v. John
A. B. Wi'.sjn.
<'t!jfcrnia ttre*t M. E. — Morning-. "Jtengion
in Little Things": ever.ir.?. "Unearned Hap
r:r<>«'v" Pagtor, Rpv. Clarence Re«xl.
Epworth M. E— Momlnp, "Thi» Necessity of
Cfcristt&a Cr.ity": evening. "Conqueror From.
r>^!r-.." f Pastor. Rev. F. A. ?>ast.
Orate M. E. — Jliming. "Other People's
Bias*.!: •"venire. "A Despised Capitalist.'"
Factor. Rev. F. M. Larkin.
Hamilton M. E. — Evening. '"Our Lord's
Temptation." Pastor. Rev. Charles O. Oxnara.
F'.rft I'r.itarlan— Morning-. Rev. J. K. Mo
!>:«. prsfident of the Pacific Theolog-ical Setn
taarjr. *vi!l preach.
First Er-glifh Lutheran — Moraine. "The
Church of the LHins God"; evenirr. '"leaiah's
Vlrion of the K*^3eemer.'* Pastor. Rev. E. ,
L^banori Pr»sbuerian — Eveninc, "St. Augus
tir.e." Pa-tor. Rev. R. Logran.
St. Irrati'Jf — Rev. Father Wcods will <ie-
Mver th P Frmon at the 10:30 raars. Rev. !
FrtVr Mmboa*T *"il! preach in tbe evening-.
Holy Cro«s— Rev. Father Sullivan will preach
tfcte evening- on "Chrlsfs Tenderness."
A course of sermons will be preached
at St. Mary's Church, California street,
during the Sundays of Lent at the 11
o'clock mass by Father Clarence Wood
rr.an. C. S. P., on "The Soul's Inner ',
Life." His subject for to-day will be ;
"Its Test." .
Rev. Thomas P. Moran will preach
the sermon at the Lenten devotion of
the Calvarian Society to St. Mary's
Cathedral this afternoon, his subject
being "Jesus and the Women of Jeru- !
salem." )
The Fiske Jubilee Singers, colored '
students, who have been meeting with ,
such marked success in their tour of
the coast, will sing at the mass-meet- j
ing for young men at the Young Men's |
Christian Association auditorium. Ma
son and Ellis streets, this afternoon at
3 o'clock. The programme will Include
some of their most delightful melodies.
A short address will be given by Rev. \
George W. White,- D.-D., on "The Sue- i
t_css of Young Men."
The monthly musical service of Simp
eon Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church, corner of Hayes and Buchanan
streets, will be held this evening. The
choruses by the choir will include
"Lead. Kindly Light," "Judge Me O
God"' (Mendelsohn) and '"Send Out Thy
Light" (Gounod). There will be solos
by Mrs. Milton McMurray and by Oli
ver Lenoir. who will sing "The Unseen
Kingdom." In addition there will be a
quartet. "Savior. When Night Involves
the Sky" (Shelly); a double quartet,
"There Is a River" (Buck), and a chor
us by male voices. "Ave Maria" (Atten
hoper). I. E. Blake is director and Miss
Mabel Jones organist.
Spohr's oratorio "Calvary" will be
given at the thirteenth monthly musical
service at Trinity Church thus evening
r.t 8 o'clock. The work illustrates the
biblical history of the betrayal, trial
and crucifixion of Christ, and requires
ten soloists and a chorus for Its rendi
tion. The soloists will be: Miss Flyan
and Mrs. Warchauer, sopranos; Miss
Fairweather and Mrs. Lawrence, con
traltos; Mr. Audelotte, Mr. Davies and
Mr. Alexander, tenors; Mr. Oksen and
Mr. Lane, barytone?, and Mr. Wanrell,
baEs<i. During the offertory, which will
be takf-n for the benefit of th*- volun
teers of Trinity choir. Miss Fairweather
will sing Liddle's "Abide With Me."
Louis H. Eaton Is organist and director
of the choir.
The Rev. Percy Webber, Arch
deacon of Milwaukee, well known on
the Pacific Coast as a mission preach
er, will deliver a sermon at the Church
of the Advent Sunday evening. On
Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday
evenings he will hold a triduum at the
same church. Archdeacon Webber
is on his way to the Hawaiian Islands,
where "he has been engaged to conduct
a series of missions under Bishop !
Restarted . - . ¦
YAR1ETY OF TOPICS AT
THE DIFFERENT CHURCHES
Shortly before 8 o'clock the physi
cians informed his wife that medical
skill could do no more. His two neph
ews were also at his side when he died.
Emperor William was at/ once in
formed of the death of the field mar
shal. It is believed that his Majesty
will attend the funeral, which will be
held next Tuesday or Wednesday. The
Emperor was always a great admirer
and firm friend of Count von Walder
see, and when the latter resigned from
the army in 1SSI as a result of the so
called "Von Waldersee crisis," his
Majesty wrote a personal letter refus
ing to accent his resignation and giv
ing the warmest expression to the con
fidence he felt in the Count.
Bismarck in the last year he 'was in
office resented the efforts of the Von
Waldersee group to estrange the Em
peror from him, and secretly in
augurated a newspaper campaign
against the late field marshal. In this
the Count was not mentioned by name,
but was referred to vaguely as "mili
tary undercurrent."
The doctors, Professor Orth of Ber-
HANOVER, Prussia, March 5.—
Field Marshal Count von Waldersee
died shortly after S o'clock this even
ing after a short illness.
Count von Waldersee's end came
without a struggle. The hopelessness
of his case became evident at noon, but
he retained consciousness until 6
o'clock. He was aware of the serious
ness of his condition and asked to see
his friends.
Field iMarshal Count Von Waldersee, Com
mander in Chief of the Allied Forces
During the Boxer Troubles, Passes Away,
NOTED SOLDIER DIES
AFTER SHORT ILLNESS
TI/IE SAN FRANCISCO GAEL., SUNDAY, MARCH <\, IMVJ.
FAMOUS SOLDIER OF GER
MANY WHO DIED AFTER
BRIEF ILLNESS.
25
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
MARCH MOST TRYING
MONTH OF YEAR
Unless the System Is Built Up and Sustained By
Duffy's Pure Malt Whiskey
The World's Famous Spring Tonic and Stimulant.
The standard of purity, quality and seemed to do her any good, but, thanks I
excellence for nearly half a century. to Duffy's Pure Malt "Whiskey, she is \
Used by over 7000 leading doctors and now in perfect health and weighs 150
more than 2000 hospitals, and In millions pounds. AVe never tire of recommending
of homes, as a gentle tonic, stimulant Duffy . s because we know its worth." W. 1
0 " 606^ 0 "^^^ B- Wilson. 34 Miami Avenue. Detroit.
The strain of the lonsr. .cold, trying Ml^?- . '¦> • , ' . . 4 '• . , . !
winter leaves the vitality at a very low Vv e receive thousands of just such let- t
ebb. and unless the blood is at once en- ters from men and,, women everywhere
riched. the circulation strengthened and W ho have been cured and Kept strong
the whole system put into perfect condi- an< i healthy by Duffy's Pure Malt Whis-
tion to overcome and resist disease by k e y. Every testimonial is published in
taking Duffy's Pure Malt Whiskey as di- gO od faith and guaranteed,
rooted, the blustering, changeable March Duffy's is absolutely pure, contains no
weather will prove fatal: or we will con- fusel oi i and is the on i y whiskey recog-
tract some chronic disease of the throat. niZe< x by the Government as a medicine. !
lungs, stomach, etc. i^is is a guarantee. j
\# »l J II AIL Ifij:!:.. CAUTION. — When jrou ask for Duffy's I
Yfill nhPfi Nfl ninPr M?fl finfi pure Malt wm»key toe «ur« you gret the
I UU lluCU llU UlliCI IllCtilblllDi gamin*. Unscrupulous dealers, mindful
Duffv's Pure Malt Whiskey prevents of the excellence of thi« preparation, will
and cuVes coughs, colds, bronchitis, ca- try to tell you cheap imitatioa» and malt
tank grip, pneumonia, consumption and whiskey substitute*, which ? are put on
«11 throat and lung troubles; indigestion, the marketlor profit only, and which, far I
dvspepsia. sour stomach, gastritis, belch- from relieving the «iok, are positively
ing and all stomach diseases; nervous- harmful. Demand "Duffy'a" and be «ure
ncs s. malaria and all low fevers. to fet it. It i« tte only absolutely pure
it HnJMn tm new tissues tones uo the Malt Whiskey which contains medicinal,
i,J,rt intimSito T the brain ouiets thl health-ffivin* Qualities. . 3>uffy'« Pure
heart, invigorates tne Drain, quiets me «».,* \mii«v»v 4« mniti in mmnif/i imt-ti<t«
nerves and strengthens the muscles; it Whiskey l * "id to ¦ealed bottlei
kills disease germs of every description. Si^traSIfmirk^he "Old Themis?' ™
string 0111 y ° UDS *** £• £* «• «*«*-. •=«war. of refilled
MR. W. B. WILSON, sSSS==^ !^^
Brother of Francis Wilson, tne Fa-
mous Actor, Says: "Duffy's /$&((££> ¦ 1^^.
Pure Malt Whiskey i^V^fi«
"I cheerfully recommend Duffy's Pure nSi . WBflk /CT<3Bar \td\i
Malt Whiskey to all who are suffering 1/3 1 lb>ll
from any discas/i that has brought about H^I /^ToJcSVffeaggg^ |Hll
a weakening of the system. It saved my II 1 J& lX^^^B^WM'';*l» /pill
life. When I started using it I was a II 1 jKfc }§20wma£&&B!Ma I till
v/eaklinj? and weighed 133 pounds; now I VL \r £\ *^T^^SpS^WmSmL r II
tip the scalf* at 220 and am strong, re- VL \j Jfe| gp?gTO|»Sy^ia^gf tj
"From the first dose I bepan to feel T^ Jy
bttter, color came to my cheeks, my step Jr '
became elastic, and I never felt better in Tg^r^T^^^^g^^^it jffi
my life. I firmly believe that had it not >S3Oj? «\r>5/
been for Duffy's Pure Malt Whiskey I lAr*>^r
should now be in my grave. ; ' l 'ni».. /^
" «« j n« %»f-«- C4--.L.~~ Sold by all druggists and grooers. or
Made- My Wile Strong. direct, SI. 00 a bottle. Medical booklet
"My wife was sickly and" pale and free. Duff y ' Malt Whiskey Co., ; Roches-
weighed less than 100 pounds. -Nothing ter, N. Y.
ADVEBTISE&naJTS.
For Kidneys,
Bladder and
JRfieumatism
JTe-w DiicoTery t>y Wfclch All Can Vow
Easily Cor* Themselves at Home—
Docs Away "Wltii Surgical Opera-
tions — Positively Cures Brlyhfs
Disease and Worst Cases of
! Eheumatism — Thousands Al-
l ready Cured — Noto Endorsers.
TRIAL TREATMEHT AM0_64-PAGE BOOK FREE
I At last there i» a scientific way to cur»
i yourselT of any kJdney. bladder or rheumatic
disease tn a very short time In your own botn»
and without the exp«r«e of doctors. drug«l»ta
or surjeeons. The credit belongs to Dr. Edwin
Turncck. a noted French-American physician
and scientist »So has made a Ufe-loni study
"ITons can say they are Incurable smtO
tiey hare tried my dlscoTery»
The test is free."
of these diseases and is now In »le poyeesstoa
of certain lnzredlents which have all along-
been needed and without which cures w«r« bn-
posslble. The doctor seems justified to nto
strong »tatements as the treatment ha« be«n
thoroughly investigated besides belns tried in,
hospitals, sanitariums, etc.. and has be«a
found to be all that Is claimed for It. It con-
tain* nothlnr harmful, but neverchelese th«
highest -authorities t*y It wUl positively cur*
Brljfht's disease, diabetes, dropsy, graval. weak
tack, stone In the bladder, bloated bladder,
freouent. desire to urinate, albuminaria. sugar
in the urine, pair* In th« back. legs, sides and
over the kidneys, swelling of the feet and
ankles retention of urine, scalding, getting up
nifchts, pain In the bladder, wetting the be*
an.l such rheumatic affections as enronic, mus-
cular or inflammatory . rheumatism, sciatica,
rhfumaMc- aeuralfia. lumbago, gout, etc.,
which are now known to be due entirely to
-uric acid poison In the kidneys— tn short, every
form of kidney, bladder or urinary trouble la
man. woman or child.
That the Ingredient* will do all this Is the
opinion of «ucb authorities as Dr. Wines of
Guy's Hospital. London: the editors of ths
United States Dispensatory and the Americas
Pharmacopoeia, both offlcia! works; Dr. H.
C Wood, member of the National Academy of
Science, and a lonr list of others who speak
of It m the nlgheet terms. But all this and
more is explained In a fii-pao illustrated
book which seta fortn the doctor's original
vl««s and goe« deeply Into the subject of kid-
ney bladder and rheumatic diseases. He wanta
you to have this book aa well as a trial treat-
ment of his discovery, and you can r»t
them entirely free, without stamps or money,
by addressing the Turnock Medical Co.. MS
rurnock Butldtsg. Chicago, 111., and aa thou-
sands-have already been cured there is every
reanon to believe It will cure you If only you
will be thooghtful enough to send for «»• fre*
trial and book. Write the nr«t •p*re moment
you have and soon you will be cured.
- It would seem that any reader so afflicted
should write the company at onc« since no
monpy H Involved and the Indorsements are
f rcm sach . a high and trustworthy source.
IXCOMPAEABLE,
MAGXIPICENT
White Touring Cars for Rent.
Will Sell If You Insist.
Telephone South 305. /
¦".WHITE GARAGE, '
Market and Franklin Streets*. !\
ADVESTISESLE2TTS.
thev a1tlai.ja'
do tiil: woiik
IikxI Eaten Is Worthless Unless Di-
gested — Some Stomachs Must
Have Hell>.
Food taken into the stomach which.
i*om the nature of the food or vhe- con-
dition of the stomach, is not digested
'.verse than no food at all. This is
a true statement as far as it goes, and
a grtiit many dyspeptics go only this
far ivith their reasoning. They ar^ue
with themselves that because their
t-;ti:na<hs do not do the work given
them they must be given less work; in
uiher words, they must be starved. It
v wuld bo just as sensible for a busi-
ness :r.dH who is unable to do all his
u-v.'ii work to cut down his business to
his own capacity as it is for a man
10 starve himself to relieve his stom-
ach. The sensible business man em-
ploys help and coes forward with his
business. Likewise the sensible dys-
peptic will employ^ help for his stom-
ach and give his body proper nourish-
ment.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets actually
do the work assigned to them. They
relieve weak and overburdened stom-
achs of a great portion of digestive
action. Their component parts are
identical with these of the digestive
fluids and secretions of the stomach
and they simply take up the grind and
carry on the work just the same as a
good, strong, healthy stomach would
do it.
On this account Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets are perfectly natural in their
action and effects. They do not cause
any unnatural or violent disturbance
in the stomach or bowels. They them-
selves digest the food and supply the
system with all the nourishment con-
tained in what is eaten and carry out
r.ature'e plans for the sustenance and
maintenance of the body.
How much more sensible is this
method than that employed by many
suSerers from weak stomachs. By this
means body and brain get all the good,
nutritious food they need and the man
is properly nourished and equipped to
carry en his work and perform his du-
ties. He could not possibly be in proper
•working condition by starving himself
or employing tome new fangled, fn-
suflcient food that does not contain
enough nutriment for a year-old baby.
A strong man doirg strong work must
be properly fed, and this applies to the
brain as well as the body.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets by reliev-
ing the stomach of its work enable it
to recuperate and regain its normal
health and strength. Xature repairs
the worn and wasted tissues just as
she heals and knits the bone of a brok-
en limb, which is of course not used
during the process of repair.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are for
pale by all druggists at 50 cents a box
and thev are the one article that the
druggist docs r>ot try to- sell something
in the place of that's "just as good."
Their unqualified merit and success and
the universal demand for them has
placed them within the reach of every
one.
; >V .</vr ADVEBTISEMENTS* -ww-^vri
I HOUSE I THE BiGGEST rURISilTURE HOUSE ON THE PACIFIC COAST | STREET
I 87,000 people have bought their furniture at Priedman's. This is a fact certified to by our books. And ue
I refer all our new customers to th2 old, for the old ones always come back. For twenty years our name has stood
I for high quality and low price. Read what we have to offer for the coming week; it is worth your while ::::::
i 1 l£ni¥i^^ I^D^OP'IPV hFDADTMFNT * "^^ISIm
I l^pSS Lace Curtains Half Price Couch Covers One-Third Silk Damasks S=o^S t
' H lirtcQu Closing out all of single pair lots ¦ Couch Covers* in deep shades of Fine silk damask pieces tor uphol- vSfilfS »*«
I If v^^_li< °^ ace curtains at half-price. t Scores reds, greens, Roman stripes and storing or making your own couch V^ar
P ' Jhl IS °^ P^ tterns - Real Arabian C*rtains, olives. Rich colorings in Oriental ef- covers or portieres. %, JjP
'M fif)%l~i(9 Dentile Arabian, Antoinettes, feet?. ~'c *¦¦¦¦* *o varrl Silk Dama- 1- CO Cft fc/
fii K« Irish Point and a dozen others. Reg. $5.00 Couch Covers now $1.05. M
|P ffli • prices from ?l*-5 per pair to$37.50"-. $3.50 Couch Covers now J52.2o. $5.00 yard Sifk Damask $2.75 Sn\
1 \^^J -FURNITURE 0^^^^^g^^^ Bscnmt^g i . DEPARTMENT '
Hflj A { 1»ar?»f" trl*^ TX/^ffV: "¦^¦^¦¦^¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦^¦¦¦¦iBBBBHB^illMaSflBBIBasaaBJBaS^BJBJBJB^B^BJB^BMilB^B^S^B^B^BlBJBJBJBBBBaiHBJB^BJB^BHB^ V«X\JC JLS iHC ff^!^ f t^0^' ' I
i iL-*- ' U^- " 7 TiFOADTIWFNT wooditseL'. !&&'*
I Special $5.85 " "fe29 6O ' «*asj»-^8L^s^B ' ' P " Ce $13>5 °
1 2S"r «, h 6 t .s^giilSr^oZS&lE! %s Stove
I With Gas attachment £ \tl* .UJjjwwiMEm «ti oi\
|J The greatest stove offer even we have 'wM^M.' l^^Jt^^Z- 1 *XP^0fflQBm\ i I *^«BI
Sever made. $45.00 worth of stove ]^^^^}^^MP^^^^^/y^mM .-^¦•V-FV/
» for $29.00. A big Quick-Meal Steel ! W^^^^^^k -f'Z.y\M$U T , . . . , .
Ss r 1 *u 7i • ¦ VS^v?- W^^sl i- ¦ - a' i^S It 1S a patent sawed burner,
grange for less than the price of a W&h'.'MM haTO*S«H«li '^ IImCT h* , t r «- T .
I little castiron stove. And this big F^^^fiV #^^l Pi I selttng regularly for $3.00. It is war-
js Quick-Meal 'range with a two-burner J sF/^fF Xy- l^^^^«l .fe ; / Sll! 'S|i| ranted to do 2 S per cent more work
1 gas heater attached and a plate-warm- • - v\ <$k fyQ F*^^~^~~ P*fy 'iV on the same amount of gas than any
Her below it. The gas attachment »JffJ f*^ feyi^l^j^ V//$. %$k other burner on the market. You can
I alone sells regularly for $8.00. But Hi 111 turn {t high Or Iow and lt wiI1 not
B this week we sell both together, the '%//,/: ',¦'//'/% Y^^^^m ?'^%W-0y& smell. It has thirty-five independent
H steel range and the gas stove com- M^^M^/^^^J^^^^J'^^W^^W' JetS * and therefor e cannot go part-
i bined, for $29.00. 1 j^iSb^^^^^^w^S^^^a^mM^^r ly out and allow the unburned gas to
i ttt' \ r^ . r 11 • =:S^ s =^^^~i^3^f escape. This week, $r.8o.
|j We want the Department full. ==s= •-^¦^^^^^^^^¦•'"'"^^w^^ r v
P r S ¦ ** e wznt the Department fulL
ADVERTISEMENTS. •
V^ The vety latest exclusive |
Jl^ designs in S0ROS1S Boots- %
Wm and Low Cut shoes are now §
fiffl[bein| shown by us. *«> -ol |
All styled all leathers, f &=^0
Jr Sorosls Siioe Pario; ROYAL SHOE GO.
1 2 6 POST STY .50 THIRD GT. M
Seni/or Latest Catalogue >^HPresident Joseph Smith Charges the National
Legislature With Interference in the
. Private Affairs of His Various Families
WRATH OF A MORMON
TURNS UPON CONGRESS
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL'. SUNDAY, .MARCH fi; 1004.
have taken no plural wives since the
manifesto of 1890."
Replying to a question from Senator
Overman, Smith said that the pam
phlet containing the manifesto did not
state that it was a revelation from
God, but that the statement was made
that it was published by authority of
the church, which was* sufficient.
It then appeared that the manifesto
had not been put In evidence, and Tay
ler then Introduced It with other docu
ments.
A few minutes before the time for
adjournment arrived a photographer
appeared and was about to focus his
camera upon the committee and Its
distinguished witness, but Senator Dil
lingham made a strenuous objection.
Chairman Burrows stated that no pho
tograph of the committee or of the
room would be taken without the con
sent of the committee. The photo
grapher then folded up his apparatus.
The committee then adjourned until
Monday.
still living an£ that the great majorlty
of them are of advanced age."
Worthington asked regarding
Smith's son;*^ Hiram. .Smith," and
was told that^e is! 32. years of age and
has a wife and children, but is not a
polygamist. He is one of the twelve
apostles. The first counselor now is
John rt. Winder. He and his fellow
i counselors and other apostles have
been appointed f > since, Smith, be
came president. He said he could not
say whether these men are cohabit-
Jns with more than one wife, but
'"they are reputed to be the husbands
of more than one wife."
In regard to John Henry Smith, a
cousin. Smith said that their fam
ilies arc intimate and "I am strongly
inclined to believe that he is cohabit
ing with plural wives."
SKItMOX OF WOODRUFF.
Referring to Senator Bailey's ques
tions yesterday in regard to the mani
festo, Worthlngton read from a sermon
of President Woodruff, delivered a year
after the manifesto against plural mar
riage, in which President Woodruff de
clared that he was moved, and 10,000
Latter Day Saints were moved, by the
spirit of God to abandon the practice
of plural marriage.
Senator Bailey contended that it was
obedience to the demands of the law
or fear of the consequences of the law
that brought the revelation. Continuing
he said:
"For my part I don't have much faith
in a tioctrlne that does not get a reve
lation commanding the change of con
duct until there is a- statute compelling
It."
"All that, of course, is a matter of
opinion," said Senator Foraker.
"I don't think it is a matter of opin
ion, either." said Senator Bailey. "I
myself have been compelled to submit
to f-ertain rules because it was the law,
and \ f ieious law at that. Just how far I
would have subnjittecV :Jf I had received j
a revelation from Gorf to do something
else I am not prepared to say. I think
the whole thing \vas more a matter of
law lhan of revelation."
"When the laws were passed which
were not in harmony with the teach
ings of our church," said Smith, "we
held that they were unconstitutional.
Of course, our own rules commanded
that we obey the .constitution and the
laws, but we fought the validity of the
new laws from the lowest to the high
est court, and when: it,/ was settled by
the Supreme Cojirt of trie United States
that plural marriages could no longer*
be Indulged In, of course we were In
clined to obey. '
"But we had a revelation on our own
Ftatutr books in regard to plural mar
riages, and It was necessary* to obey
that in order to obtain 'certain blessings
that could not be received without
obeying it. Whether we should obey
the law of the land or continue to prac
tice the law of the church was a serious
question. •-••.
POCTIUNK OF, REVEriATIOX.
. "We hold that the president of the
church is entitled to receive revela
tions inspired by the Almighty God.
President Woodruff sought guidance
in the Lord and the Lord made It
manifest to him that It waft his duty
to stop plural .marriages. *Hq pro
claimed -that • revelation and- It .was
submitted to the entire church and ac^
cepted by the entire church and thus
became binding and from that day to
this the law of the land has been k^pt
so far as plural marriages are con
cerned. . \ . .
"But there is a great difference be- ;
tu-ficn taking a plural wife, contrary
to law and. in taking care of the wives
taken, before it-was a violation* of ; th*
law. I would not desert my wives, i
UNITED STATES SENATORS
WHO ARE ON SMOOT IN
QUIRY COMMITTEE.
The reply was: "I am not practicing
polygamy. I am practicing polygamous
cohabitation— which is not polygamy.
Polygamy is plural marriage, and I
Replying to Chairman Burrows. Mr.
Smith said that he does not teach
polygamj*. and added:
"I am not openly and obnoxiously
practicing polyagmous cohabitation."
"How could you better teach polyg
amy than by practicing it?" Burrows
continued.
DOESN'T TEACH POLYGAMY.
¦ In answer to Senator Overman Mr.
Smith said that the revelation of the
manifesto of 1890 had not been pub
lished In the latest edition of doctrine
and covenants, but that, this was an
oversight and would be corrected.
"The rule after all is the law for
conduct." said Senator Bailey. "I was
only trying to emphasize what the
revelations arc. I don't know as much
about the nice distinctions in religion
as I hope I do about the law, but It
appears that both the rule of the
church and the law of the land for
bade polygamous cohabitation, and
you, as the head of the church, vio
lated both."
"I will not quarrel with the Senator
about that;" the witness • replied.
Later he said that Senator Bailey's as
sumption was cordial.
peared that polygamous cohabitation
Is forbidden by both the law of the
land and the taw of the church aa
laid down In the Woodruff manifesto,
and addressing the witness, he asked:
"Then, as head of the church, are
you violating the laws of the land and
the ordinances ofe your church as
well?"
"Xot the ordinances of the church,"
said Mr. Smith. -
"Well, the law, then ?"
"No; the rule,"said the witness.
would not abandon my children. I
will run my risks before the law."
President Smith's voice sank with
emotion. . He showed more feeling
than he had at any previous time ex
hlbited'as he leaned forward and said:
"But it is to the laws of Utah that I
am answerable; it is the law of my
State that has the right to punish me.
The courts of Utah are of competent
jurisdiction. Congress has no busi
ness to interfere with my private af
fairs.
"If the courts. of my State do~not
see fit to call me to account for my
conduct I cannot help it. Congress
has no right to interfere — It has no
right to pry into my marriage rela
tions and call me to account.'*
-Chairman Bowers at this point ques
tioned the witness. He asked:
"You say you would not abandon
your wives or your children. Why do
you consider It. necessary to have issue
from' your "plural wives, in order to
clothe and care for your children that
had been born' before unlawful co
habitation became a crime?"
"Because my wives are like all other.
women. ' It is* necessary to maintain
peace, harmony and good will between
myself and my good wives. That Is
the kernel in the nut. That. is why I
have chosen not to obey the laws of
my State prohibiting polygamous co
habitation. /
BAILEY QUOTES SCRIPTURE.
"The church gave me my wives, and
I do not think the church could be
consistent in taking them away," said
Mr. Smith in answer to a question as
to why he did not agree to the Wood
ruff manifesto. •
• "The Lord giveth and the Lord
taketh away." quoted Senator Bailey
from the Scriptures.
Continuing, the Senator said it ap-
Senator Dubols exercised a right to
question the witness at this point and
gaid the population then, was about
•J20.000 and of that number tKcre w*r«
about 50.000 grntiles. He wanted ex
cluded from consideration the number
not in condition to enter a state of
polygamy. H« said President Smith's
utatwmont of the percentage of polyg
amy included suckling bnbes and
children and that he objected to help
ing Smith's statement go before
the country unchallenged.
After a further statement of th<»
number of polygamist families In Utah
Smith read from an interview h<»
gave to a representative of the Asso
ciated Frew in IS 92, showing the fol
lowing:
"In 1S90. at the time of the latft
President Woodruff's manifesto, there
were 2461 *uch families. In October,
1S39, it was found that this number
had been reduced, as follows: By
deaths. 750; by removals beyond the
confines of the republic, 63; by di
vorce. 95, leaving at that time 1543.
"It is now ascertained that the orig
inal number has been reduced by
1554. or 63 per cent, leaving only S97
DLBOIS MARKS PROTEST.
•'As the women vote in Utah," he
?ald. "and as It requires two women
to one man to form polygamy in the
Stat*. probably the number of males
excluded as polygamists would not. be
more than 4000."
Calling President Smith to the stand.
Attorney A. S. Worthlngton resumed
cross-examination for the defense In
the Investigation before the Senate
Committee on Privileges and Elections*
in the case of Reed Smoot of Utah.- He
asked Smith if he had any statistics
showing the proportion of polygamists
In the Mormon population. Smith said
his recollection is that when the Utah
Commission was created, In 1882, and
undertook to administer the laws of
thtf Territory. 12.000 polygamistg were
excluded from voting.
While the witness had been taken in
hand by the defense for purposes of
examination, the members of the com
mittee, Jn reality, -consumed the greater
portion of the time, and matters were
brought out along the line followed
by the prosecution In the three first
days of the hearing. Some of the tes
timony proved highly sensational. The
hearing will be continued at 10:30
o'clock Monday morning.
The witness, angered by the persist
ent efforts of some members of the
committee to obtain from him every
detail of his remission in obeying the
law, turned on Congress and charged
that body with Interfering, without au
thority, in his private domestic affairs
and usurping the powers of the Utah
courts, tvhleh alone, he said, possessed
the right to hold him to account for
his conduct.
WASHINGTON. March 5. — Admis
sions drawn from Joseph F. Smith,
president of the Mormon church, re
specting his continued violations of the
law forbidding polygamous cohabita
tion again constituted the feature of
the proceedings to-day before the Sen
ate Committee on Privileges and Elec
tions against Senator Reed Smoot of
Utah.
26
' ¦•••¦••. • ;¦¦ - ADVERTISEMENTS. .,
|9k 7fT\ ® ® T\I/^\a/ *W tAt-GOk
Four glass factories are employed to make the bottles for Liquozone. Four laboratories— with 21 floors and 500
employes— are occupied in producing it; a process which takes 14 days. Six months ago Liquozone was almos.
unknown in America. To-day, millions are telling of the good it has done. Won't you— for your own sake— let
. its help come to you?
The First Bottle is Free. _„„„„..
This is how Liquozone came to be pive a million bottles away, one to carries its virtues into the stomach. ",££"*" th * rMU ts
known in America. e.ich of a million sick one's. Bv that into the bowels and into thc blood, to In re^. y^KoTruYs'c" do "
A f C w years ago some Chicago men remarkable offer, in six short months, go wherever the blood goes. And as i«r. •««?^ rt -» VT ~ *£ n ™
in their travels learned that a new we have proved the power of Liquo- no germ can escape it, and none can OUC DOLLlC rl CC»
product had been discovered which zone to most of the sick in America, resist it, the results are inevitable. jf you need Liquozone and have
would destroy-r-at once and forever — 1/... ««c?"^*» r***nmcs Bu * Liquozone is. more than a never tr ; e( j ltf pi ease send us the
the cause of a germ disease. IVI1IS lllSlGC ViePITlS* germicide. It is a tonic with which no coupon b e j ow . \v c will then send you
This product had for more than 20 Jhe great value of Liquozone lies in other known tonic can compare. It an or( ] tr on y Our drussist for a 50c
years been the constant of t ne f ac^ t j lat j t j.jj| s g Crn is in the body acts on every function of nature as an bottle, and will pay your druggist our-
scientific and chemical research. It without killing the tissues, too. There excess of oxygen £as would do were sehrej for it This applies onlv to sick
was manufactured solely from gas, i s nothing else known that will do ' l possible to hold it in the blood. ones who don't know what Liquozone
made in large part from the best that. Any drug that kills Rerms is a Germ DlseaSCS. is - .:¦•¦. ., .
oxygen producers, and by a secret poison, and it cannot be taken in- _, w . 7. m .. f ar^ known The acceptance of this gift place*
process requiring 14 days. The prod- ternally. Medicine is almost helpless T . hc dise "« 5 m ttus 7 .: "£ ,"":„, you under no obligations whatever,
uct was then known as liquefied j n any germ disease as every phy- to be c aused b y " erms °£ lheir . •??; We shall never ask you to buy it. We
ozone, because it accomplished what sician knows ' The only way to cure them is to kill * s ; mply ask-.for your own sake-
oxygen docs • Liquozone'w so certain that we pub- ;£ o f 5e \7^: * nd ™ e ii""' "IIVJ that you let us, at our expense, show
The remarkable cures due alone to ij sn on cvcry bottlc an offer of $1000 that. Medicine sometimes acts as a yQU what LiqU ozone can do. Then
this product led these men to investi- f or a disease germ that it cannot kilL tomc ' aid ' n f ,?*'"" S^V/kJdirec? let the rcsults decide whethcr y° u use
gate it. For two years they tested it. Yet, to the human body Liquozone is S" 1 " 5 - But . thos^ 55 sult . s a " »t further.
through physicians and hospitals, in as harmless as air And it is a won- and . uncertain, and they depend on tne Ymj must reaIize that Liauozone is
this country and others. They cured derful tonic. Those who know it best patient s condition. a remarkable product to. permit such
with it thousands of the^most difficult use it in every glass of water they Liquozone is the only way to d- an offer as this We wou]d ccrU i n i v
cases obtainable, including every dis- drink, to prevent cerm contagion and [« ctIv £ tta< * the cause P f the5C .° J not buy a bottle and give it to you if
ease which was then called incurable. t o keep them well bIcs - For «5 at rc , as ? n - d «seases wnich fc wa5 anydoubt o f rcsu l ts . If
Then these men combined and staked . - .. rfc v ,,/i-.« have resist 5 d medicine for years yield win do VQur rt _j f you wiU ask
on this product their fortunes and A CtS Like UXygen. at once to Liquozone; and it cures dis- f or it _ we w [n g i ad i y i ntro duce to you
their reputations. . ' The virtue of Liquozone lies in the eases which medicine never cured. mo?t he j pful thinjr in the
We P«iii SI OO OOO fact that it does what oxygen does. The results are so certain in any stage jjqnozone costs coc and $1.
?? t fctlU (DIUUjUU.U Oxygen is the vital part of air, the °* an >' disease in this list that we will j 2 _—___———.
For thc American rights to Liquo- very source of vitality, thc most es- gladly send to every patient who asks CUT OUT THIS COUPON
zone before we made the first bottle, sential clement of life * It is oxygen it an absolute guaranty. ; for ,>,;, r fr» p mar not app««r awaln. Pill
Smill? SSJS^ES ever t . p , aid d for **»« turns tlie blue blood to red m the gSSSS^l^ I
similar rights on any scientific dis- lungs. It is oxygen that eliminates uronchitm Hay Ffv»r— inflnema !
C °^ ry< -, . • thc wastc tissue aild buiIds "P the n 1 ? 0^. 0 ™."..- LaWrS!* 8 "** ™* d:s «»« "
We paid that price because we had new. It is thc nerve food, the blood ISlfei Trouble L*uc'crfh« j t hw ntw &.* Ul)WHH bBt if y^
learned what Liquozone would do. We food; and every function of life de- Coushs— Colds Liv^r Trtn:b!*a , tuFpir a* a BOo botu« frw I wiu
knew that it would cure more sick- pends on it. SiTcffl^S M.nfiWrt^olfhfe, tak * iu
ness, end more suffering: and save But an excess of oxygen — the very Constipation rties— Pneumonia
more lives than all the drugs in thc life. of the animal-is deadly to vege- gjSSS^DtJ«h.* ntX&S?*"
world could do without it. We knew table matter. And germs are vege- Dandruff— Dropsy scrofula— syphtiia
—as well as we know now— that as a tables. There is no doubt that oxygen p l p ' ta Erv ,, M , as i{S-l?h Trouble
curcr of sickness and a saver of sick- was intended by Nature to protect F**S^af iistSei ¦ , 014 .^
ness, it would become a universal man acainst eerms Tuberculous Varicoceie git« ru:i sdi!r«*s— writ* piainir.
n-rpszitv '. >»«" n^un.oi. K cuii3. Tumors— Ulcers Women's DisaasM I . ,
necessity. But Oxygen IS a gas, and unstable. J^Yi dTTeasea that begin with f.var— all In- | Any physician cr hospital not yet Q.ta C
1 nen we appropriated $500,000 to Liquozone is not even volatile. It flammatlon— all catarrh— all contagloua dis- I rjqucicne ivlil be gladly suppllea for a test.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
f fan echw£$
Cures Grip and
v^5 L3 fg j2 Its ro
Prevents Pneumonia.
Altir a cure by "Seventy-
seven " you feel strong And re-
juvtnated.
Because ''77" cures by going
directly to the spot, without dis-
turbing the r. st of the bedy.
Because the tonicity or "77"
sustains the vitality during and
alter the attack.
Because a cure by "77" is so
certain that the mind is relieved
irom fear of impending danger,
always an obstacle to recovery.
Jub lee Edition of Dr./Hunj-
phreys' Manual Mailed Free.
At draicKlFtr'. ?5 rrnts each, or mailed. *
Humphreys' Mj-d. Co.. Cor. William & John
Streets. New York , .
ADVERTISEMENT^
S Save
Weak Men.
Have Discovered the Marvelous
Secret of -Perpetual Youth and
Undying Manly Vigor and I
Give It to Yon Free.
• i
My Xysterious Oonporad Sttrtlea ti« WcriJ
Witi Its Wcaierfnl Cures -With THa
Miirelons Secret No Man Ota Qttw
Cld tzi it ii My Kisr.oa cb Earth
Hcaesfsrih to Bring All Jtlti,
Wcrn-Oni Men ts This
FccaUis tf Ttuth
„ j
Efad Ko Meaty— Sinplj Sead Tow Nime tsd ,
AcdrsEs sad This Jbtrrelcos Osapeuad ,
Will B« Seat Tea bj Eetora MaU,'
Prepiid find Ateshiielj fr»«.
I have dt$co\-ered the marvelous se-
cret of perpetual life and vl^or in men.
To roe It ha* been liven to bring to the
fallen, -weary, ¦worn-out brothers the 4 .
knowlfrd£e of this priceless boon, and '•
•ven to the uttermost ends of the earth I
I eecd my menace of love and peace '
and hope and help. Unbelievers may i
ecoff and cry "fake." but I heed them i
cot. My work has Just begun and I am j
savin r men.
The secret of this mighty heallnt; j
power, this vital life rpark. this mar- !
?»lous toalc ftuM Is known to me alone, j
"Jf o K»r. Za I.crt — Ta«r* Za a Sara Oar* j
fcr rvtry Weak Moa." — Sr. Tcrris.
It is miv to jrlve to whom I will and :
my T-orks go before me. Doubt not! |
I ask r.o man to believe m«, but I jive
to even' weak man fir« this prlcel»rs '
boon and It restores him Instantly to j
the strength and powerful vigor of |
youth. With this marvelous, mysterious
compourd. which I have 4 ls covered j
only after a lifetime devoted to search
through ali the realms of science, and ;
the archives cf the ancients, It Is powi- :
ble for every weak man to have for his
e*n the giorious manly power, th« un-
Urtag vigor and the long life of the
patriarchs of Bible times. With this
mysterious compound no weak man
rrill «?ver again be troubled wfth Impo-
t^nry. \ital losses, nightly emissions,
eperrr.atorrhea, varlcocele, prematur-
Ity, defective power or lack of vital
enerfy.
Send me no money. It Is my duty,
•raided by an Unseen Hand — !t Is my
tniEEion on earth — my life work — to lift
«r *he fallen, heal the weak and eur«
the maimed or undeveloped; and to ev-
ery mar. who has lost his vital power
cr f.r.ds it -vanlng. I Bend my message
cf love ar.<J peace and health. I can
save him and I will save him and re-
nter* h!m to mary years of happiness
and the lmDetuous vitality and vigor-
ous manhood of perfect health and
youth.
Remember. It matters not how old
ycu are; It matters not how you lost
your manhood, or when you loit It. It
rr.attcr? r.ot what doctors or ecoffera
say. This is no ordinary drug or stlm-
u'atinr method of treatment, but It is
the vital srark of life itself, and it
matters rot how many remedies and
doctors have failed. I have repeatedly
and Instantly renewed the youth of old
men. My secret compound never fails.
I have often Instilled into jaded men
new vitality, health and strength. Tor
worn-out men I have oft kindled, in an
Instant, and to itay, the sparkling vi-
tality of youth. Write to me to-day
and tell me !n strictest confidence all
about your case. My private addr-cs
is Dr. C. Sargent Ferris, 368 Strain
building. Cleveland, Ohio, and I urge
every weak man to come to me, for I
will give him undying strength, the su-
preme Joy and happiness of perfect
manliness. My wendrous discovery ha»
startled the world by Us miraculous ef-
fects, yet I s**k not fame nor glory. It
suffices me if I may be the humble in-
strument of Natare's greatest power la
bringing all men Into the enjoyment of
their true manliness and I do It frse.
In the time allotted to me here en
earth I shall do all that in my power
lies to give my fellow men the benefit of
this great secret and my reward shall
be in the knowledge that I have done
unto others as I would that others
sbould do unto me.
Perfect Fitting yi J
) Eyeglasses Vj
L _ / At Moderate Cost tj
INCOMPARABLE,
MAGNIFICENT
White Tonrfnfr Cars for Rent.
Will Sell tf You Insist.
Trlrphont* South SOS.
WHITE GARAGE,
Market and Franklin Streets. ,
Schools and Colleges,
ur>r>iNo tu:s! ness aauiiexxn of tub
wt.ft. 24 r<>»t »t.. Ean rrancifoo.- Cai. •:
f.ata»-'Ub»/1 *n r**r#. Or*n *-ntlr» year.
Wt»i» for Hln«tr»lf<1 mtalftru^ <fr»»>.
WEEKLY CAXL/£l.0<rPEB TEAS.
$730 GlVErt AWAY ft)k CoftRBCT ANSWERS OF THREE NAMES.
Th« abore t»o pletores of Ex-rresldents r»pr«<«as ihn dmim of two !sr*e eltiM 1» the TJntttd States.
oae located in Nabraak* aoJ one ia Obto. The center space Is left tlaaS J"or a tilrd Ex-rresuteat, whoe«
name raprescnts a prominent ettr. n~\\*<i ta tea letter*, and th« on'.r r'r-r in the V. K the people are not
allowed to vote. If you can GIVE THE NAMES OF THE TOV.EE CTTTK<». msil them ta mm
with roar nsma and address plainly wrlttea. If tiny are correct YOU V/ILL RECEIVE a letter frosi
n«, which may entitle yon to the whole or part of the $750.00, for the correct solution of abora sames aad
a few mlnates ef y*ar time. Ton are not tailed nr«n tor eM runt of vir" anntr to b« a participant ta the
AWARD OF 8750.00. VTE DO NOT WANT YOTTR JIOXET. S^ionM ra«T« than on* hare eor-
reet answer, JTM.OO will be paid jmt the tame pro rata. We aUrerti** onnalrei la th's liberal manner t*
laterc.u yon, snd we will nrely gire »»»» »7.vi oo henldaa valnabla sra:«nSa, »< r>»re ar« no blink*. Rene)
xoar»*B)eand»niw«r.atojic». A. LESLIE^D^sTr 339 553 Fcarl St...N. T.Citx.
Jf %\x\Wxik*. workiran»Mp, silk \Sj^
J? linings and rointa of stylo 'WJWV
Jf make our JC3.UO ma1c-to- \£Sfc
it . ord«»r Easter suits the btst v^Hk
if made anjwhi-i*. They s;lve 36ft
|| you that distinguished ap- i«J«
I p«a ranee desired by all #^9
Jl koi"x1 inti'Ts. Order one SsSt
v. 'a be f.nishfi by Easter. jjfip
¦Jj\ To-ir cred!: i3 sood. JSS?/
\j\ Open rven'.r.ss t!il T. Sat- Jb8J
SELL TAZZ.OBXZTO CO. Assjv
830 «»rkst it. Hooas 1 " : " 3 "*>|SK^
OCEAN TRAVEL.
>^Tr X">. 8t«am«T* le*v» Piers * *a4
/<W*-^fi>y 11, S*a yr»BcJseo:
HrTL. For Ketebikaa. WrmnveU
/CT/^*«U»Si \«*\ Juneau, Halnes. Ska^osjr.
I I VKiSaL I 1 «tc. Alaska— 11 s. m.. Mar.
\ \ \8£fa) I 1. «, 11. 18. 21, -i, 31. Apr.
V*\. \V jfli *• Chanr« to com»*ny'«
VS^J^^*/ iUwner at S«attl«.
V^AfsHjJ^ For Victor!*. V*acoar«r.
Port Townsand. Se*ttl«. T*«
coma. Everett.. Beliingham — 11 a., ra.. Mar. 1.
6. 11. 10. 21. 20. 31. Apr. S. Chan*, at Be«tU«
to this company's steamers for Aluica. and O.
N. Ry. ; at Seattle or T acorn* to N. P. Kj. ;
at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
. For E\ire<a (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:3*
p. m.. Mar. 5, 11. 17. 23, 2J>. Apr. 4. Spokaa*.
1 :Z0 p. m.. liar. 2. 8. 14. 20, 29, Apr. 1.
For Lot Anjeles (via. Port Los Angvlesi aad
Rednndo), San Dleso and Sant* Barbara^— Sab*
ta Rosa, Sundays. 9 a. in.
Stat« of CaMfornla, Thursdays. 9 a. ra.
For Ima Angeles (via Ean Pedro and East
Ean Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayncos. Port Harfonl t&ma
Luis ObUpo), Ventura and Kuer.ems.
Coos Bay. 9 a. ra.. Mar. 6. IS. 24. Apr. X.
Boniu. 0 a.m., Mar. 4. 13. 20. 23. Apr. Z.
For Er.seaaia. Magdalena Bay. San Jom dsl
Cabo. Masatlan. Altata. La Pax. Eanta Ro-
¦alla. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m., 7th each
rri-r.th. For furtber Information obtain folde*.
Rlgbt ia reserved to chance ataajnera or aaUlnar
date:.
TICKET OPriCSS — ( New Mont son-
err *t- (Palace Hotel). 10 Market st. and Broad-
way wharves. Freifht office. 10 Market t\
C. V. DUNANN. General Passenger A««t.
10 Market at.. San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sutter at., will
call for and check baa-gaga from hotels and
residences. Telephone Exchange 312.
O, /?. & N. CO.
OREGON iall» March 3. 18. 28. April 7. IT.
27. May 7 and 17. S.S. Oregon j g temporarily ia
service Instead of tha Columbia. OEO W.
ELDER sails March 8. 13. 23. April 2. IX 22.
May 3 and 12. Only steamship lln« to PORT-
LAND. OR., and short rail line from Portland
to all points Cast. Through tickets to ail points
all rutl er steamship and rail, at LOWEST
RATES. Steamer tickets Include berth and
mt.-i:*. Steamer tal!s foot of £p«ar st.. at 11
a. m. S. F. DOOTTI. Gen. Agt. Pass. Dept . 1
Montgomery st.:. C. CLIFFORD. G«n. Agent.
Freight I>*pt.. Z Montgomery st.
ocean!es.s.ce.s^«
S.S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Mch. 12, 11 a.m.
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Mch. 19. 11 a.m.
S. S. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney. Thur.. March 24. 2 p. m.
(S. 5?!iK£l5* 5^ J.M^ Mfr.nartKta.M3 brtta
|c^!§12a.l23Brt3tSL.fhrl»;7.faiC:tt
tOKPAarn^ sixes&lb ramsATLaSTim
D1P.ECT LINE TO HAVT.E-PARI3. _ _.
t»'.llr.B every Thursday instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. Irom Pier 12. *«»MrS.~
North RSver. foot of Morton, at.
Mrst class to Havre. 170 and upward. See-
end class to Havre, f 45 and upward. CK.V-
KRAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES A*it>
CANADA. 52 Broadway (Hudson Bulldlnr)
New York. J. F. FUOAZI A CO.. PaetCo Coast
Agents. 5 Montcortery avenue. San FrandscA.
Tickets sold by ail Railroad Ticket Agents.
Mare I aland anfl Valla jo Staam arm.
5teamer GEN. FRISBIE or M0NT1CELLO—
t:4d a. ra., 3:13 and »:30 p. m.. except Sunday.
Sunday. b:45 a. m.. s:30 p. m. Leave Valtejo
7 a. m.. 12:20 and 8 p. ra.. ex. Sunday. Sun*
| day. 7 a. m., 4:15 p. m. Fare. SO cents. Tel.
• Main 110S, Vier 2, MiMion-st. dock. UATCU
i BROS.
WbiHf Gai $1.00 BfirYeai
¦ ¦¦ ¦ . »
J_ ; '^^ APVEItTISEaiE5fTS.
l *w>a8!4<|s3£flhSs»J #TBAWCES MA.EXE KNOWLTOSj • •Twty^vffi*' * •^•••^¦^
HISS DOROTHY CLARK, ©SO GartUld Doclerard, Chicago, nO MKg Ltd' MAT,
81*0 QronshAW SU, At* * Tears. C0 S0 7orasrr!Ua Ats,
CHICAGO.' . CHICAGO. '—
LITTLE FRANCES 31AR.E KN0WLT0N
frbtw© pbotofraph appears herewith has a most beautiful head of golden hair, thicker than the crown of glory cf most
mature women. Frances is only four years old, and her hair hangs within 12 inches of the floor. The extraordinary hair
strengthening qualities of Danderlno has grown for this little girl the most admirable he. i of hair erer possessed by
a child of her age In the world. The other two ladies whose photographs are shown here are certainly deli s?n ted with the
results they are getting. Neither of them having hair that would reaeh to their wahts before beginning the use of Danderlat,
IT IS POSITIVE AND PERMANENT IN ITS RESULTS.
When applied to the scalp on either old or young, it makes the hair sprout and grow thick, long and beautiful, and then
Is no waiting around for weeks and months. to see results, either. Any druggist will refund the price if it does not aoi
eompMsh every result we claim. NOW at all druggists in three sizes, 25 cents, 50 cents and $1.00 per bottle.
PE3STET To show how quickly Osndsrlna tcts we Trill send » Urjo suntfe t reo by return nail to any one who lends tn!s adraitlacaont to the
* . ¦ » Hi n »¦ Knowltoa Dauderin* Co., Cbicns«. with their naaio aad address and 10 cents In ilUar or stamps to f*s posUgs.
For Sale arid Guaranteed by REDINGTOIS & CO., Whojesale Agents.Dr. Gaster Says Expansion of Euro-
pean Countries Must Lead to
Trouble.
LONDON. March 5.— The expansion
of European countries is drifting to
ward Palestine, and it is there that the
final clash of interests will occur.
Such at least is the opinion of Dr. M.
Gaster. who read a paper on "The Po
litical Aspect of the Future of Pales
tine" to a gathering of the Central
Asiatic Society yesterday.
Austria, he said, was gradually creep
ing down the Novi-Bazar, and was
building railways to connect with Sa-
Jor.ica; while Russia would never give
vp her dream of occupying Constanti
nople as a ctepping-stone to India.
Dr. Gaster foresaw a possible solution
of the difficulty in the Zionist move
meet. If the Jews colonized Palestine
they would make of it a strong buffer
nation, and would show favor to none.
And seme women marry just to
show the other drl.
METHOD OP PREVENTING
THEATER DISASTERS
Vlenna- Physician Suggests a- Simple
Arrangement of Exita as the
Best Safeguard.
VIENNA, March 5.— To diminish <5aa
gtr in case of theater tires, Dr. Hein-
FORESEES A CLASH IN
ANCIENT PALESTINE
Admiral Close, who took part in the
discussion following the lecture, which
•was entitled "Coast Defense From the
Imperial Standpoint." said he was as
tonished at the want of proper defenses
In the Thames fortifications.
"If Germany declared war on Mon
day," he said, "they could have a
couple of gunboats up the river to the
middle of London the next night."
"London," he added, "will never be
eafe until they have a couple of such
craft stationed in the river. A gunboat
could get pact Sneerness. and there
would be nothing to stop it except a
few police boats. Invading vessels
could Inflict any amount of damage.
Thty would* destroy the houses of parli
ament, the tower, and play havoc with
the chipping. V-" ::'¦.» -
"The danger was not realized by the
public," said the admiral, "and until it
was London would never be safe."
Such is the picture which has been
painted in lurid colors as the outcome
of a recent lecture at the United Ser
vice Institution.
LONDON. March 5.— London, at the
mercy of German gunboats, the coast
cf the metropolis shelled from the lower
Thames, her shipping destroyed, her
public buildings reduced to ruins and
the British empire thus struck that
"terrible blow over the heart" against
•which the late Lord Salisbury warned
his countrymen in one of his last
speeches. ,
\"a\T»I Exr>ei-t l>ec-larc?» Tliat an Kne
tny Could Kasily Send Ssliips Up
the Thames.
SAYS LONDON IS IN
DEFENSELESS CONDITION*
A letter has been received here
from Julius A. Brown of "Wytheville.
Va., inquiring about the young man
who committed suicide at the Ha
waiian Hotel on New Year's day. Ac
cording to the letter he v.as William
S. Hancock of Wytheviile. and a grad
uate of Ohio State University. He
was ZZ years of age. His nearest liv
ing relative is a sister, who wants the
remains, but they have been buried.
Captain Weisbarth. who has been
to French Frigate Shoals twice in the
little schooner Ada in an effort to
salve the wrecked bark Connetable de
Rlchemont, is preparing to go to try
cgain. Provisions gave cut before he
could finish last time. He believes
that the wreck can be floated or that
much valuable material may be taken
from It.*
Local merchants are protesting
against the Government receiving bid*
on contracts for worU and supplies
from mainland firms. It is ur^ed that
the local firms are entitle* to all the
patronage. The matter was brought
•up by bids from a Chicago firm on
iron piping for the Public Works De
partment.
The Federal agricultural experiment
station Is making an extensive exper
iment with tobacco growing in Hama
kua. Island of Hawaii. About 60,000
plants have been started. Those in
charge report indications of very suc
cessful growth.
HONOLULU. Feb. 25. — In answer
to a cabled inquiry to Governor Car
ter from Secretary Taft a cable has
been sent from here by Attorney Gen
eral Andrews, stating Hawaii's posi
tion with regard to the proposed ex
tension cf American coastwise ship
ping laws to the Philippines. The
cab!* cant when Carter was on the
island of Hawaii and after consulta
tions with business men Andrews re
plied that the change would work
hardship to Hawaiian exporters.
There are not enough American ves
sels to handle the Hawaiian product.
It Is claimed, freight rates from here
having advanced considerably since
the extension of the laws to Hawaii
made It Impossible to ship sugar to
the States in foreign bottoms.
The Territorial Board of Agricul
ture and Forestry has asked Collector
of Customs E. R. Stackable to en
deavor to secure a treasury ruling ex
cluding snakes, *reptiles and other like
pesta from the Islands. The board at
tempted to make regulations of its
own. but found that it had no legal
author! ty.
Territorial Board of Agricul
ture Will Ask Treasury De
partment to Exclude Snakes
WAR AGAINST REPTILES
Extension of Coastwise Reg
ulations to the Philippines
Not Wanted by Exporters
HAWAII FEARS
SHIPPING LAWS
' Dr. Charas said that in " his opinion
the best remedy lay in providing a suffi
cient number of exits and keeping them
In constant use.-
Every ticket should have the number
and I position of the door \ nearest the
seat printed on It. The holder should
best organized "first aid" society in the
world.
be allowed to use no other door. The
present "exits in case of danger," he
says, "are. useless. ! Panic-stricken peo-'
pie" will not go out of a door when they
are uncertain where it leads. They all
rush* to the one by which they entered.
Hence the. fearful avalanche of human
ity which is the chief fear in case of
fire. . .
evenly distributed and crowding, with
its consequent panic, be avoided. .
The society which Dr. . Charas repre
sents is first on the scene in every case
of catastrophe. It was founded by the
philanthropists. Baron Munay V and
Count "Wllczek, the morning after the
burning of the Ring Theater and is the
rich Charas, head physician of the^so
dety known as the Freiwilllge Rettungs
Gcsellschaf t (Volunteer Rescue Sod-'
cty), proposes that every ticket should
be allotted Its exit so 'that the ticket
bolder rnay\ only ; enter and leave the
theater by the door nearest his se&t.
In thia" way the audience" . would -be
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 6, 1904.
27
SEE THE PHOTOGRAPHS.
JAPANESE RED CROSS GIRLS
Pretty Maids of the Orient and
What Strange Scenes
They Witness.
XEXT SU:ST>AY CALU. 1
THE EMPOBIUM. ; | THE EMPORIUM | THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. ' | THE EMPORIUM.
kk*mx. iwwww mwmm «t*t«w>tawwam ***** ***** ***** ********** ***** ***** ***** ********** ***** ***** ***** *************** ***** ***** ***** ********** ***** ***** ***** wk
CamhriC Sale TOOth BrUShe3 Our handsome catalogue, The Emporium Economist, profusely , 25C MustC fSC SpCC'nf Safe
Monday 8e Yard at About Half 8 Popular Pieces rapmmbyfMMt
2500 >- ar d S0f 36.inch whit™ Two b; g .ots, on Monday on.y. /#».,—, M^^^^i
bnc, as fine threaded and as well Lot 1- Large number of tooth ]/X? £/* * • Der com T UCe '15C handsome sreens and browns,
finished as the 12^c makes, Mon- b^ 5 j 2°? d white bristle stock, r£Z*f+ STrsAja^'B+ShA' # MM I^T pLofnl Henrv* March' * on s P edal sale Monday, pair.
day only, yard 8g ", .'. . flfi &!&/lJ~^iffl£A/UZd££/f£ P "V" a " d P^ on Waltz;s - ' $1 &
Hew York Mills Shee«-Th«= high Lot 2-rV^ed .Lormcmof b«. quality V *^V *^££A=3» Dixieland March. T»palry Couch Co7crs-5O inches
cla<s bleached soft finished "dtc«d white bri«le .tock tooth fill III H" 1 "" A Southern Dream Schott.sche. wide, frineed all around, Persian
72*9b.inch shee; S , on.y BOe \ 1«C \ I«|UJWIM""* AMER.^S GRAN 0 Ut^TQ B& %?$£%£^Ji^ E ). | ¦ tt.BoTs^rVnTs^dd
50c Vests 32c Women's Smart Spring Styies 75c Changeabie Taffetas 57c
£Z aay "°B?T- So'**, Ooats, Oress Skirts, Waists A X^tt^f^f "oil^out
j neck, no sleeves; women s garments for spring and summer, 1VU4. mpW class of silks are in greatest demand for lining sheer dress goods, for
*Ax v*. hitewi:h P J ' nk » Hundreds of the newest and prettiest ideas have \jy > making underskirts, dropskirts. etc., we have closed out the balance
A^JI £ h *2j J r Y p c c n ,' been added during the past few days, giving us of a manufacturer's stock at a third less than regular price.
/ / 1T\ One of the Lt by far the most complete Stocks in San Francisco /S \\ Beginning to-morrow and until closing time ¦ Wednesday night, if quantity lastejrour
/ A\ ' and most nonu r i • i //i 'AT choice of these beautiful silks, among which will be found every popular £J 7f*
( (\ / "r 5™cgLnTcnu Y Spring Wearing apparel. /' 1 jl combination of colorings, and which never so!d regularly under 75c a yard, for. . %J # C
\ V w I made, special for New Girdle Eton and Hip-length Coat Suits I j /X j^ m
\Y oniy.rch diy pleasing styles. * !|l/\ Millinery Loveliness for Spring
ill, I t&Oir* Pictured here is a iiatty mixture Eton Suit, has W[ v -\ i^Z0^£
*&^i*Sr Wide girdle and neW epaulet ShOUlderS, COl- P] I than s P rin S models have been for years. We are rsady with hundreds of different
•ur • \r . j -, c- • lore onri trimmorl in rrr>M onri n!-^ft\r rninr // exclusive models. Coriei of Par:s : an and New York hats in flovren, forage, -j*i?/#>>£WS? >^\ fcv^A^iilV
women S Vests and Pants — Sw lti lars and cutts trimmed in gold and pieity color ./ inaUns anl fnc y Uce {,„•„,, at prI ; ei ring;ng from ts . 0 oto$* s -°°'
nbbed cotton, medium iigh: weight- combinations, brass buttons; the jacket taffeta • [ Th l iIlustrjti ; n is cf an CICfe a: Rgh . hiCom i, ? and dre« y mu^ toque of i* y f^^^^^^Ji
vein nigh n:ck, long or short lined, eVen length, UI1- *(>**%.*-> ™^n i \ 'eavrs and berries eiged with row of creim baby rclti and f — -| -| ! JS^SS^&t* T
sleeves, pants kn« or ankle length; ,• _j c U\rt nriro 1532*50 \\ r.n : .hrd with a touch oflight blu-. This dainty creation for . &lUiUU f W^8Ssl^iOTl
EquutrUn TI S 'hts'-Li,:; A«^}™ri£f Cheviot Eton Sult-Ne- epaulet ,houl- Allovtr L.cc Wai,ts-th : n.we.t ices, | \\ The Qa^ e Smart TaH ° r Made HatS '. J „ \° /
Inkle or kn=e length, open or eSTwWtt dsr .ffict; entire wit braid trrmmed in China »Ik iining ..."__' I , \ >\ S.mi-Trmmed Hats- Chif;an and hor 5 e- Chndrtn's Sailor Hat* -In fincy rough /
black, pink and »ky, each .. . . .' SOO n ' w <J " i S n 5 li!k ''"^"^ an! un- &9m5U f] j J \ \>V hair effects, =n th- nevir boat and military and rrady brauls, tr.mmed in 11U r.bbon, V r %&&.
Worrun's Lisle Thread Pants -Jersey ribbed, iinrd pleated £) Ct fii White Lawn Waists -Panrf-embroilery, III ' U \\ sha P :s, $2.50, $3.50. $4,00 "** "Vf^fT'sV OO S2.5O \ J*7fiW
French band, knre 1-ngth, extra uidr, lace «kirt, price . %P & & m %9 %9 int . rt - d f ront , on . ins . rted box p . eat> I % f L\\ . \A rhiMr,n'-. Pole* Bon'ntt *EfftCt Hat»-I.i
tr:mni:dj im*:i, mrdium large ,ni extra large New Dress Skirt-Voile, broadcloth ani extends on cither tide cf panel from // (] \\f Mi$ " $ ' Rtad >'' to ' W " r Hlts - Fl " c y ttrlw straw braid, trimmed with rixtl StlSK*/
*' z ' % SOO ch:uot;; latest conceptions for spring; shoulder, prettily tucked front, back (' , H M'^'Vl braid', trimmed in qui.If, go'd buttons anl ... ' ' and' rre»m*r$ r-d and %S^^^\V«
TK en ?i Un '°\ SUltS 7 Li!lC , threi ?' J T ty $0.75, S8.SO, $11. SO, and sleeve,; Faggotted stock; price . JJj , f^J f j^ the j ate!t fh , lnd co! . *g i^ wn ani wh ; nlvv , lnd
nbbed, low neck, no d.eve., knee len^t^ jf?4.g|l and upward. 1 '^ . or; ] . ...... .J. S2.33 wife. • • • S2.5O
Stan^^ooks s^ s BeloivWhotaleCost| 1^S..
fhnnlhr>T F~mnar*]iim • _^-=E^^^^^^^^t^^^ otber collectors of books, will read with grea: interest this announcement: i©^^^^^V=^ Laces and Trimmings were never
W Z*> f Z r w efh.U,on Monday, begin the sa C of an immense purchU of standard figgf "S" T^ p / OtUSIOn than they
Wash GOOdS Safe \ mUK^^^m^m books In sets, re -citly nude bv our buyer in New York, at Jffl Wi " b " dUrl " 2 the CCmm " S ™™ r
For Monday on!y_ hcavy 9c uJ itKtf^fcWffififfi One-Third Below Manufacturer's Prices m^M^&i- \M M S v h L a " we l l ave pr0Vld A ed llb "
the yard." Whh tf ZZ wfdth i 11 ' fefjCp - l^=r woras, at about tn= actua. cost ot f ap=r. printing and b:nd- Mf^ 3*1 * « i| the S^S^ rXes\ve are
ordinary drc. s ginghams now co, |i § " = f 7- " T " " y - h "v*"? w = f """ «?" ° ? If M SoJn* Pofnt 1e Lierre Orient
., , . ... ,., , li 51 I r |t"i^r« J&^^ • sort ever o^ered in any quantnv m this cuv. We have a si fh.-ient num- -s ** *>« I ®ll , '" , . ., ' , . .
ing i:i 2 c yd., it will readily be | ! }^^1>^ ber of each title to warrant us in promising to n.l early maii orders (ex- II SB d' 1 '' . Ma u Crame » In5 , h
seen what a de.-irable special sa'e l^jl- VlJ^ press charges extra). The books are in fine library c'oth binding, good Point and Fibers, in the Staple COl-
thivis. Solid, heavy, well made. . paper, good type, handscm- i lustrations and everv bock per'ect. -^l^pfiU^— ormgs and in combinations With
striped madra,, for wash suits, We Mention a Few of the Titles, the Regular Retail Prices Being Given in Parenthesis: Ptrsi.n B^d? «d^^'1°
waists, men's shirts, chi 1 . if% Complete Works Thomas Car-^t> « ET f\ History of the Entlish People. ¦* O " ar History of Russia, bv Alfred CkETs** frcm t* 4 inches, in the new combina-
drcn's wear, etc., yard %3?%jr lyle— 10 volumes; 56 ilhist.ra-SlijL fc^O B J. R. Green— 4 volumes: i8 illus- |fe S f^JT^ Rambaud— 2 volumes: 37 illustra- «/f^C tions cf colorings, worked in Bulgarian and
tions; cloth; gilt top ($12.00) *r *»v^v-r trations (S4.00.) *\r**\j%jr tions ($2.00.) ww Pcnian deigns, yard. . .25© to 54,50
WhltC>blaCk ' f0Ud 2Oo The French Revolution bv History of France, bv M. Gui-^ Q w - Rawlinson's Seven Ancient f • ff Allover Uce.-Cr.arn whit, ecr. and black,
,- w ' ' - • • • •."."• • • 2O ° Thomas Carlyle— 2 volumes: I"? QC/> zot— 8 volumes; 4-?3 »H">tra-S<%eS A / ' Monarchies—^ volrme«- il- S» I Zt.^ m th: new patterns of ChantiUy, Point Venae,
L-nen Matures- Heavy we.ght Bourttte weave, illustrations; cloth; ffilt top C/OW tions ($8.OO.) 1 ¦..'*P*^» * iM%,r^^! /V^nn » 1#^^^ Oriental, Cluny an! Irbh Point, yard. ...
for :hrt waist outing suits, yard .. . 25o (,$2.oo.) History of England David ustrations (.5.3.00.) 75c*>$8.5O
Pongee Ef;eds-The real jipanese 5 Uk mix- Complete Novels and Tales of" Hume-6 volumes: .H ' illustra-fKS ' 9K .Rawlinson's History of An- OffC/^ Trimmlnj Braid, -la colon «nd Wack .nd
tures, in plains, fancies ana optn work, wrd James Fenimore Cooper— V>C+f* *7C tions ($000) 'i \\J*J9j6*ZJ Cicnt Egypt— 2 volumes; 10/ k- t/Ow -*hi«, mcudiag the rooch-in-dnnand gold
• • • 5 JO novels, bound in 16. with m il'tPOe 1 Q Washington' I'rv'in*" 'cVminle'tc "^ -^ lustrations ($2.00.) braid*, yard 6 %C to 75o
Holiy Batiste. - The.e wdi-kn^a stapie lustrations (S16.00.) RoUins , Ancient History-4 | Qgj -,-,_- —
oainnly colored .ummer fabric, in hundred, -Sea. Tales bv Tames Fenimore^ ¦— r SoS ? <$8.«i) . •'. ..... ..^O.d t>- volumes; cloth; illustrat.ons J^ l.^fc) Latest NOVCitlCS
mc^Mi:W0^M ~?o7 P (ll™ 5 ) T?!" mcs: cIoth: Rilt^2.25 , "fc. of oeor« w-hin^.-^j. /« Hand Bags
cotton, of th= expense Coolen maW,, per- Leather Stocking Til«.'V a m« Si- ?S "n TLV' 9 tpllOt) Ruskin-^ volumes, with 0.1 il-fljO QffT The secret of the great succcsi of
fectWasJuble, wrd 2Qo Fenimore - Soper-- volumes-^O 9^ m lIlu f * tlOn f S ($4 °? ) "". lustrations in color and black and^ZeZO the Emporium leather good, deptrt-
IVHWe GOOrfS-Tbree makes t U are 5S^t topT^) . .^.T.^' V^ • » JoIumeS^UStmio^" A^ C »«« '&* ° f
mire than criinanlv de.irablc— fancy orea r~,,r,+ t Tur- r* • l ,E P \ 3 \Olumes. UlUstrailons fTyW o <£+-£j Stones of Venice, bv John , u l. • v l
uorlc nclte,, dct:ed swUses to pin-bead /MeSSder DumS 2 S^ftS r~ ' Ruskin- 3 volumes; S3 illustra- ft qj goods you buy here is honest perfect
' = T^eForty^ Guardsmen. W |g| Schiller's Complete Works-S^Q 7^ ne W leather novclue, for .prbg ha,
70C InCandeSCent Dumas-2 volumes: cloth: *ilt Vfr>C Essays "and Poems ,,f - ««. volume?: 46 illustrations t SS.oo. > t|J *J • * CF lust been unpacked.
GaS Lamg9 Vu in " str f tIons ( *?-°°£ Thomas B. Macaulav-3 vol-g{ Ag TliV Waverlcv Novels, bv Sir^ «r S=a^ Genuine Seal H , n d
— Three Musketeers, bv Dumas _ umes; 15 illustrations (S3.00.). .. *** flenrtJ '' Walter Scott— 12 volumes: uS&£> I -T^ Bag, leather handle,
&3)G FT —2 volumes: cloth; eilt too; 8 il- >>SC History of Our Own Times. lull page illustrations (Si2.oo)7.*P tF«CFVF | moire lined, pu«e ia-
r^ , * Tu u C=4 l^ratmns ($2.00.) . by Justin McCarthv-Coovri-ht QfiJ^ William M. Thackeray's Com- 1 d 1 .^, gun-metal We
Complete with brass J=±fi Twenty Years After. Alex- --v » edition; 2 volumes: cloth: eilt t/t?V pletc. Works— 10 volumes; j6o il-^ ft Sl^ iSs^'^^-^H- 9M.UU
burner, triple / %£ ander Dumas— 3 volumes: doth: VlrSC to P : 3-* illustrations (S-'.oo. ).:... lustrations by the author and O^.OU r*^**-'^V;>£^Sain« as abov. tha
weave, double / %A S»lt top; 8 illustrations ($2.00.).. O'C^W v nf , lish Men of Letter^.^^^ others ($10.00.) fot^.^^?l new , q uar= .
frame cap mantle 2Z3T^ Vxcomte de Braeelona. Dumas £> fl «ffT Edited by John Morlev— 7 vol-»^-<V^ Charles— Dickens' Comoletc^ x^ -^^^ |j^^£ijs^*-d> S1.25
Chimnev and a 6- W\ * -3. volumes; R ,lt too; » »llus- {Sl-4.g "tncs; 31 portrait^ ($700.) Works _, 5 volumcs: 148 illustra-gg QQ Oc.u.nc «„«* Hand Ba S . a^rted colon,
emmney and a 0 trations ($3.00.) V**^^^ Plutarch lives of Illustrious « p* tions ($15.00.) -.W»UV pr? ttv shape, ful ,ize leather handle, pune to
men vvnite dome J25& George EUot's Works— 8 vol-^jy^ *f r* Men— .1 volumes; lajillustrations J5fc | A»^ Shakespeare. Complete Work^^vA^ pr A ""tch 52*25
Shade, Monday *^ umes, complete; 66 fine illustra- J*^_-< / J^ ($.?oo.) t. •• . V*« « —8 volumes, with numerous full 5^*/ S^l I »«d Bag, like Picture-A handsome, ictv-
only. - - . 4£3C V tlons ($ s -°°-) V'^- r » v William H. Prescott's Con- A— pasre illustrations ($6.00.). ...... *K-**«*-*VF : crabc nordtr.ia genuin: sea!, with in»-
_ The WrititiRS of Henrv Field-^j>^-^ f* f\. quest of Mexico — 2 volumes; .u *f^C XIl« Wanderinc lew. bv Eu- A «, pcrtrf braided handle, gun-raetal ftame, new
Z~- "77 ing— 7 volumes; cloth: Kilt top;J*k r < J^fl 1 illustrations ($2.00.) *S%-?^* ccne Sue _ 2 volumes: illustra- Vfftr* P«r-knob clasps, moire silk lining, with
An Abundance 46 illustrations ($7.00.) VWtUy Prescott's History of the Con- ' r\l-* tions ($2.00.) •. */*>^ purse to match $3.50
OT the CrepeS Gibbons' History of the Roman gtyg^ *T P" quest of Peru— 2 volumes; .^ il- V)SC The Mystery of Paris. bv k Ea- A « Other styles $4.00 to $2 Z.00
stnri l/niVao «« Empire— 6 volumes: silt top: 2.1 Jf|*/ L»\ lustrations ($2.00.) 1 WV pene Sue— 2 volumes: illustra- yfftrt
Gff3CS VOIieS SO illustrations ($6.00.) *J7^.f>O p resco tt's History of the tions ($2.00.) l/OW fl?^^-» g2B23W1>B<re*4c>
mUCn in ttentana . Complete Works of J. W. von ffy. « /^^/^ Rcisn of Ferdinand and Isabella QC[/> Lcs Miserables, bv Victor A ~ n^€SB^m DIaf#Ht;i^
p^x^rTL^sivr," 2 !''..' 0 . 0 :*?*.©!) rsicaT 1 . 1 '".'. 05 :..:".. 1 ''. 1 ':"""""! 57Ot ' "3"^... vo .'". me ::.. ni . m . t : a : ion : 95e spreads, comforts
Easter costumsi are ready. Co.d type cannot Oil flvOllCfdy Olf/jf
s#s££ High Art Ribbon Novelties First 19QG Sale Mattings *£?*"* £fc?* m T' ?*•
0MXl^2$S£Si& show F ho^t lead'nThirnne e we an ta« mfrXid"^"^"^^^'^" We have i ust received a lar^ consignment cf JapaI1 Mauh* the c.-ocb t: cd. F =,d.. SniS Q= S
ing, in the new thades cf champagne, gray, g- • ---^^ poses Up to the Widest Kinds for Sashes. f-^rt Iinm +lia+ nn ovmmt n f *V,« ,,,«, c ,. Pin . bi._i,.«. A .T«^n | M f
heictrope,blue S , browns, un. and blacki. |^^3 • The Narrow R bbons are much uei now for trimming wa!« S kimanas, h r f Japan that on OcCOUnt of the War Sale FmC Blankets— A imall lot of
40 inches wide, S1.QO . 3S§C" ""^ colais, etc. Scm: have a goli or si vsr thread interwoven in the J^Nv prices On all 1 mattings will advance. about fatty pairs fine CaiUOriUa white
45 inches wide, $tm5O ~^*4 F attcrn "h'ch makci a drcidedly effrctive trimming/ Some ot" th; /i VT/\ These .Were bought at the old figure, woolen blankets, five pounda weight
Voilt Etamines-Orthe best French and tV^'^ ' " tl ? nar « w ribbons are wh't: or black with tiny <ol< rrd figure?. {\&// i\ a nd We place tWO lines of them On and $5 value. On tale to-morrow
SSIS^'"'"^^ 1 iV^fl ¦ . sJ^TSarSCi-WB; i™;,^;*^"*? 0 \ s P ecial f.'e b e? in nini , Mon j at ]y i .... $3.98
46 inchrs widt, 75O *jL K f ¦ 7;i-inch printed warps, ui:h black and colored \ k •'^t^M^^^^^^= 3 . P rlCeS ~ v ' nch ** «'"' AlJ' VC« 'Veil to C071- Sale Bed Comforters— " ni:= fa.lcd,
• 45 inches wiie, $#.00 »^^V*^^^Vl satin border , yard. . . f&1.25 \ I ''iif/W^^S^^^^k if y ou are £ ows to need mattin ? s * nmm - r - hand tuftsd, silkolins covered, in a»-
Ivtttd Suiting^-^-Yirj "$$ry/t 9-inch fancy border, wsrp print*, whits or- pink \ VJ*,,^J^^S^§\*^[ n th:5: tw0 '' nrs °^ matt ' n S* you hav: the lOrted Styles, each .... Q8c
.'•'. 50o f 75C, $1.00 Arf • ground, rery effcctlv-, yard S&1.75 kWltaf^^^^E^-' cholce ot 35 p*«:rr.s in greens, Hue?, rcdi, buffs, etc. * * * *
Cream DrtJS Go(J(is--Ftr Desstf, Coats and Js^ 8^-Inch hce border »at : n?, with dainty flower W^ffSl^^N^'^fc^vi Compare cur prces ani the qualirei with the bet: Opcf ##^)fMC f^f 3 f+
Waists, yard 5OO <» $f.5O />w ?S>^| sprays in center. . ... ' SI. 75 >\^1fij^^~£ BfoV' 7 ' " vaIues >cu can rind ehewhfrt, and ycu will be sur- ii" 2 oil jfi "5 4
...^MMMMMiMBBB^HMM //• ' ':_-- "<!^i£ 5-inch lace border satin, to match above, for neck /^r» > «K^3'^ y'*'P^\t^ prised at the sayings you can make in The Emporium JXttti ilttlGf tVdOntJtiy
mm * m- >* or corsage, yard . ......... . 5»C __ ft 1 '* '-M EfcS* Carpet De F artment. ' Qnti TUCSdZV SpCCmls
Extraordinary K'j^J 8 " <h 'f^r^"'. °:"!' ! :& 2S (EsS^mm 2Sc Mat ""^' this ™«- *-. » Bat Ea5tcra «— F -"" d^ b -
Special bale X-X S-'"* 11 * ath » t0 »*?> abjve » y ard 50o :^B 40-yard SP.OO rolls, this week S6.S0 " " A * *" w * * ,* ' J 3 K°
Stamped Linens '. A complete assortment of the most alluring fancy ribbons manu- --^C!SiS^*o'E^ . ._ M 4 . _. : , J Sapoho— fcnoch Morgan i, hand or
Thousand, of Doyiie.., Centerpieces, T.bie factured for the coming season, in widths from 2 to 6 inches yard. • • ' ™ c Ma "!i? g *' th t \ s vv ' e . ek ' 15c scounng, 4 cakes . . . . . 25c
Covers, etc., tramped in the very newej: floral .... .... .... .... .' . . . . . .\. ? t2%C to 756 - ? - -40-yard $7.50 rolls, this, week $5.60 Eastern Cream Cheese — Martin'sbcst,
and conventional dergnj, on special sale Mon- _¦ v —^ b™.^ — ¦ —¦— —^ ™^ «- mm _^^^^^^^^¦^'¦^^^¦^^^^^mm two lbj . ;.*.'¦• i" ..*. . . 3ffO
day only, at half their reguur viiuei. #?###*#5i##f Salt* . Important Special Sale Go-Garts Monday . Emporium BaXina Povder— Mon= y .
Started Piectj, showing how the different *#•#»•«»#••, «^»«««jr ._ mi iu • A carload of 1934 tt.lrs of the "celebrated p. A. Whitney Go-Carts and Baby Carrijgei has just been reciirsd. back brand lb
desigm will appear when finished, will also oe MOMtaV OltlV ', • \ \ and Mudes all the new' ideas in folding go-carts, hood top and parasol reclining go-carts, Pullman r.-clining * hood «!»«- Ail T5r Vi n \i^^ ' U , C
oa view and special sale Monday. - I^cT Curtain, in nove'tv and V I caniasVetc, and O introduce you to this great stock (rrobablr more b by »ehicks her C ;thw in anr wholesale OliveOll— Dr ' Dohxmtnn S, bejt for
EmbroidcryUssons free of charge each day l^^^^u^STiS T3e V 1 housAa the coast) we off,r on M nday only:' U . -' * med,cmal or table use, bottle, 70O
from 9:30 to II o'clock. musjjs patterns, wn.tc ano c ru, o . «_« L'ght-wdght Folding Go-Cartt, like pcture, xvitb icdinin; bick, robber tire whrels, etc., £* 0% OO YdlOWStOne Whiskey — FuU qtatfts.
5J2S3£lS?S:". '. 3% 60C Values, 44C pair Wj\ ' ' thC kbd y ° U " n Uke ° n thC ""' in$t " d ° f cocacb ' at the very Special " le frkc ' ' WlTO «*« r 7 c or bourbon, hot 5/. 05
I i.inch Doylies. ... 7<3, 1*C, 2IC 85C ValueS, > 64C pair P^nT^T Reed Bod y. redining-backGo-Cart,, with scroll frojit, ; Hood Top Go-Carts, reclining back S enamel gear, TipO Chianti— It*Kan Swiu colony's
18-inch tquircj 14-Cf 18 C, 29C, 42O Curtain Rods, 4 feet long, white enamel, Mi-*^\\ that can be adjusted indipendent of th: tack, all latest rubber-tired whtels, fully u ? holitired, all improve- whus or red wiae, quarts .. 59o
22-inch squares with whits mrtal ends, brasi hook for bracket, /J5 j 1^^^'a\ improvements, even to th: pitent ami-friction wheels msnts for 1904 . . . . $13.50 t° $30.00 Claret Or Savtcmc — Exrra dsiicarc ta-
, . • WC, 24O, 42O, 52O 68O Talue , SC flch . Special sale price . . . He \\ ................ .$4.95 J b.'e wincj. jral'oa j. RQn
:7-inch squares . ... Imiution Point Arabe Lace Curtain?- PVXT&fc&&aP» More «l»horate Go-CarU, with rubber-tired whte'.j Enjiish Carriage*, the swellcst and best things that ri.^^™ urt- *- Am^.V 1, J
. 27C, 36O, 57O, 66C, 76O NewMt , pr5ng deiigru, corded effects in Arabian \ffl and enameled gears, ranging in price up to . . . . are mide in baby vehicle. . CHampiOnWhiSKcy— Standard brand,
3 6-inch tqnam 54c,71o, 8 3o, 98o co i or . pur, s3.OO 0 S4.OO, $5.OO -^ H^T^' . . . $35.00 . ¦-¦ . . . . . S3 5 MO to S55.OQ each g ali °n» $2.4O; fall qcarts, 75c
IXCOMPAEABLE,
MAGNIFICENT
White Touring Cars for Rent.
Will Sell if You Insist.
'* Telephone Smith 305.
AYHITE GARAGE,
Market ¦ and Franklin Street!*Mrs. Carrie Dutton will expend $12,
000 in the erection of a five-story brick
storage building on the east line of
Fillmore street, between Eddy and
Ellis.
Flats will be built for R. Keller on
the north line of Green street, 30 feet
east of Fillmore, to cost $9500.
Daniel Roth will erect a four-story
frame building on the south line of
Geary street, 87:6 feet east of Taylor,
to cost $20,000.
TILE AUCTION MARKET.
On Tuesday next at noon Easton,
Continued on Pase 2J), Column 1.
Lyon & Hoag representing the seller in this
transaction; lot, on the north side of Vallejo
street, 100 f«et east of Broderick, 90xl3i:«,
sold by M. Meyer to Robert t'ark for $11. OW.
Lot and Improvements on the south side of
Clay street. 49:6 west of Mason, 33x58, im
provements consisting- of three-story frame
building of ten rooms and one two-story house
of six rooms, the estate of A. Elsenhauser
to John H. Kline; lot and improvements on
the northeast corner of Pine street and Pre
sidio place, lot 25x70. for C Jorgensen to
Louise Boutet for *2500; old brick building on
the north side of Pine street. 102:11 west of
Kearny. occupying lot 20x48. for the estate
of R. Robinson to William Edwards ct al.
for SC500.
Lot on the east side of Sanchez street, 50
feet south of Fourteenth, 75x125 feet, to
Kierman & O'Brien from the Reddinr estate
for $6000; lot on the south side of Twenty
third street. V-'5 feet west of Hoffman avenue,
25x114, F. Lord to B, A. Lindborsr for $750;
lots 52. 53 Rnd 54, block 3. Holly Park. J. G.
Masuire to C. G. Ktuhr for $1525; four new
flats just comjileted on the southeast side of
San Jose avenue. 830:1146 north of Twenty
ninth street, 35x90. to James C. Shatter from
F. W. and C. C. Rivers for $9250; northwest
line of Folsom street, 105, feet northeast of
Third, lot 25x10", throueh to Clementina
street, improved with one two-story brick
building on Folsom street and one three
story brick building on Clementina street, the
whole renting for SftO 50 per. month, for S.
Crozier end L. C. Babin to MrB. Louisa De
younsh for 513,500; lot on the east side of
Vermont street. 200 feet south of Santa Clara
avenue. 75xlO(> for Martin- Foss to, W. W.
Kednall for J2050. f
IX OUTSIDE LANDS.
Lot on the west side of Second avenue, 300
feet north of Clement street. 2.")xl20, J. G. B.
Goppert to F. Marquis, for $1100; iot on the
west side of Twenty-first avenue, 250 feet
north of P street. 50x120, A. Meyer to George
F. Smith, for $1800; east side of Twenty-second
avenue, 275 fe»t south of Lake street, 25x120,
Mrs. Louise llayessen to L». F. Folder, for
$175: lot and new residence on the west side
of Twentieth avtnue, 150 feet south of H
street, 25x120, E. Hanchette to A. Phelan. for
53600; southeast corner of O street and "Tenth
avenue, 150x120, Grace Winter to J. T. Ner
ton. for 51300; lot on the south side of M
street, ICO feet east of Forty-sixth avenue,
40x100, and lot on the east side of Forty-sixth
avenue. 25 feet south of M street, 25x100, A.
Meyer to Maybelle Nace, for $700.
In Parnassus Heights — Southeast corner of
H etreet and Fifth avenue. 32:CxO5, William
F. Mitchell to Charles F. Norse, $3600; west
line of Fourth avenue, 60 feet north of I
street, 100x120. to C. M. Mann, for $5800; lot
on the v/est side of Sixth avenue, 50 feet north
of Hugo street, 25x95, S. Crozier to L.. "W.
Classen, .for $1375; west line of Sixth avenue.
120 feet south of II street, 25x120, A. Meyer
to Margaret McCloskey, for $1500: east line
of Sixth avenue, 35 feet north of I street,
75x05 feet, M. Rosenthal to E. and M. Mlllian,
for $4050.
In San Mateo— Lot 19, San Mateo Park, for
A. E. Palln. one of the original purchasers, to
C. K. Melrose and A. J. Mitchell, for $1675;
l-art of lot S, block 5, western addition to San
Mateo, J. K. Rlley to Robert Wisnom, for $050;
southeast corner of Santa Inez avenue, 150 feet
southwest of Elm, 60x125, by Mrs. C. L». Al
ton to W. "W. Griffin, for $750; southeast side
of Santa Inez avenue, 200 feet south of Elm,
BOxlOS. Mrs. C. L. Alton to Walter Sealy, for
$750.
For account of M. Meyer, Baldwin
& Howell have lately sold some $40,
000 worth of good sized marine view
residence sites in the block bounded
by Vallejo, Greeji, Broderick and Ba
ker streets. Some of- the purchasers
are building on these lots and more
residences are contemplated during
the year. Prices are ranging from $70
per foot upward. Lots and streets
are on official grades and all sewer
work done. The following are among
the recent buyers:
90x137:6 on north line of Vallejo, 100 west
of Broderick, bought by Robert Parks: 42:6x
137 on north line of Vallejo, 100 west of Brod
erick, bought by H. B. Underbill; 33x137:6 on
north line of Vallejo, 232:6 west of Broderick,
bought by L. A. Smith: 35x125 on north line
of Vallejo, 82 east of Baker, bought by M.
A. du Val; 30x137:6 on north line of Vallejo.
117 east of Baker, bought by Mrs. V. Smith;
33x137:6 on south line of Green, west of Drod
erick, bought by General J. B. Howies.
LEASES AND BUILDINGS.
Shainwald, Buckbee & Co. have
leased the 'old French Savings Bank
property on California street to T. M.
Ferguson on private terms; the south
west corner of Jefferson and Mason
streets, for R. S. Moore and A. F. Mor
rison to H. H. Hickman for ten years
as a lumber yard, for $11,500; to M.
A. Gunst & Co. for A. Aronson. the
corner store in the new building at
the northwest corner of Third and
Mission streets for five years.
Easton, Eldridge & Co. have leased
the old Salvation Army heaquarters
on the southeast line of Market street,
between Sixth and Seventh, for five
years to Seattle parties for $45,000.
Speck & Co. have leased for Mrs.
Frank Fallon to the T. Brilliant Fur
niture Company the three upper floors
of the four-story building, on the
northeast corner of Ellis and Leaven
worth streets, containing 201 rooms, for
ten years for an aggregate rental of
$179,340; also for Harvey H. Dana,
the basement, store floor and second
floor in the building now in construc
tion at the southeast corner of Stock
ton street and Union Square avenue to
J. Graeff Kennedy for five years at a
total rental of $93,000 for the term.
Judge William T. Wallace has leased
the block next to the Chutes and
bounded by Fulton and C streets and
Eleventh and Twelfth avenues to an
athletic association for $250 per
month. A building to cost $50,000 to
$60,000 will be erected on the lot for
sporting exhibitions.
A. J. Rich & Co. have leased to Mrs.
A. D. Warner a new apartment house
on Ellis street, near Franklin, con
taining ninety rooms, for five years at
a total rental of $35,000 for the term.
Bergerot & La Costa are the owners.
The same brokers have Bold the south
west corner of Devisadero street and
Golden Gate avenue, 75x100 feet, for
F. Maskey and P. Dunne to Mrs. H. F.
Myers for $13,000. They have also
sold for Mrs. Emma Butler to William
Crocker the property on the south line
of Geary street, between Fillmore and
Steiner, 82:6x137:6, for $13,500; also
four flats and 50x137:6 feet on the
south line of Sutter street, between
Buchanan and Webster, for Mrs. Hoff
man to M. E. Tichener on private
terms.
M. A. Gunst will put up an eight
story building on the southwest corner
of Powell and Geary streets.
Mrs. E. G. Butler will build a
$20,000 residence on the north line of
Broadway, 158:6 feet east of Brod
erick street.
B. Sanders will erect a one-story
and basement brick warehouse on the
southeast line of Stevenson street, 365
feet from Fifth, to cost $24,500.
The sum of $75,000 will be expend
ed by Golden Gate Commandery,
Knights Templar, in the erection of an
asylum, the building to be of stone
and. brick, to stand on the south line
of Sutter street, west of Steiner.
The local realty conditions are con
tinuing to be favorable. Large leases
are made, good -sized properties are
changing hands and there is a lively
market for small properties in nearly
all parts of the city. The Real Estate
Circular, published by Thomas Magee
& Sons, trtimales the sales of February
at 53.T5j.SHG in amount and 5S6 In num
ber. Where the bulk of the business is
being done is revealed by a tabulation
is the Circular, which shows that out
of :>S6 February pales 167 were in the
MiEsior.. 143 in the Western Addition
and 15'J in outside lands and home
steads. A large share of the amount
credited to the outside lands and home
steads is due to the activity' in Rich
irond and Sunset districts.
It may be. surprising to learn that the
value in sales in the outside lands for
February was greater than the value in
pales in the Mission. The outside lands
had to their credit sales representing a
value of J420.8S0; Mission, $279,705;
Western Addition, $940,335. The prepon
derance in values in the Western Addi
tion is due to the higher prices per
front foot, but it will be observed that
there were more sales in the outside
lands than there were in the Western
Addition.
Concerning the general situation the
Heal Estate Circular says:
Sale* of real estate recorded in the month of
JVbruary were 566 in number and amounted to
s:!.75j.I>&6. Tills is an increase over the busi
ness of January, which is largely accounted
(or by the recording of the deed to H. E. Law
on his Jl, 000. COO purchase on Market street,
oppofcite Kearny.
An increase in the number of transfers for
the month Is noted. The sales in the 50-vara
section continue to fall off in number and
nmount. The siles in the 100-vara section
were this month very high, for the reason
above riven, but aside from this sale the fig
ures for this section have not been up to the
iriark for se\eral months. The Western Addi
tion and Mission hold their own very well,
trhile it is noticeable that the sales in the out
>-;<5o lar.d section are higher than for any time
ftr many years. This fact. In connection
with the lewer flirurcs in other sections, indi
cate* quite plainly that the email buyer Is In
i he rr.Mket. The outer portions of the 'West
ern AflcJition and the better portions of the
outside lands are In demand. While these
Tiurchases are made for homes, there will be
little danger of speculation. We hope exten
tivc buying and selling of vacant land in
These E'cticns on speculation on one-third and
one-half cash will not eccur, as the market
will eventually be harmed by euch epecula
ticn.
DEALS OF A WEEK.
Recent sales by G. H. Umbsen & Co.
include the following:
E. Lar.gr. the lot 35x115 feet and Improve
ments at 2S19-21JS Mission street, for $5350;
fcr the City Street Improvement Company, lot
.*X»xl37:fi. on the north line of North Point
Mreet. 137 :t> ea5t of Larkin, $1750; for A. J.
Ranken. let 25x115 feet, en the south eide of
Fourteenth street, 205 feet west of Sanchez,
S2C00; for James French, lot 25x105 feet, on
ih» wett side of Church street. 57 feet north
>>f Liberty, $1050; and for the Hibemia Pavings
and Loan Society the southeast corner of
Church and Liberty streets, $1500.
Thomas Magee & Sons have sold for
Frederick W. Bridge for $4335 the lot
nn the north side of Green street, 137:6
feet west of Devisadero. 34:4^x137:6
feet; to Xils Peter Jensen for $660 the
lot on the south side of Richland ave
nue, 440 feet west of Mission street, SOx
100 feet; to Mary Boning for $660 the lot
on the south' line of Richland avenue.
Among the recent sales reported by
the Burnham & Marsh Company are
the following:
M. S. Bullard to P. S. Barber, lot on north
For A. B. Johnson, lot on the east side of
Octa\ia etrcet, S5 feet north of Union, to
Peter Tojjinl, for $2000; for W. R. Pease, lot
61x101:6, and Improvements, on the northwest
line of Mission Ftreet, 50 feet north of Tingrley,
to Mrs. Anna Towns; for Carl TjoldberK, lot
25x120 feet on the east side of Seventh avenue.
100 feet north of Point Lobes avenue, to Jacob
Weisboin, $S50; for Michael Savage, lot 25x100
feet, and Improvements, on the north side of
Clementina street, 3.V) feet east of Sixth, to
Otto Schinkel Jr., $7900; for Mrs. Clara Kluge-
Sutro to T. F. Asher, lot and Improvements on
the wesi side of Buchanan street, 137:6 north
of "Washincton, $G150; for the Stevens estate
to Charles W. Stockett. lot 23x50 feet, and im
provements, on the southwest corner of Minna
and Julia streets. $4750; for H. Schottler to
the same purchaser, lot 23x56 feet on the west
side of Julia street. 23 feet south of Minna,
$3000; for the Brotchle estate, to Johanna S.
Jacobson. property o n the west line of Noe
street. 75 feet south of Eighteenth, 25x75 feet,
for $5300.
Sol Getz & Son have made the fol
lowing sales:
Lot 25x100. on the west line of Ninth avenue,
25 feet north of K street, to M. A. Little; lot
25x120. on the west line of Forty-eighth ave
nue. 112:6 feet south of L street, to H. F.
Malech; lot 25x100, on the north line of 1
street, 57:8 feet east of Seventeenth avenue,
to Mrs. J. J. Mahoney; lot 25x120. on the east
line of Forty-eigrhth avenue, 275 feet north of
I street, to John Peterson; lot 50x120, on the
east line of Forty-sixth avenue, 150 feet south
of P street, to E. J. Sullivan; lot 32:«xl00, on
the southwest corner of Forty-seventh avenue
and H street, to T. H. Kleinclaus; lot 100x100,
on the northeast corner of B street and Forty
eixth avenue, to W. R. Boone; lot 50x120, on
the t-ast line of Thirty-sixth avenue, 150 feet
ncrth of B street, to A. I. Chapman; lot 25x100,
on the north line of T street. S2:6 feet east
of Thirty-ninth avenue, to A. I. Chapman;
lot 50x120, on the west line of Forty-sixth
avenue. 225 feet south of N street, to R. L.
Stratton.
OTHER SALES MADE.
Sales are reported by Easton, Eld
ridge & Co. as follows:
Property at 1623 Buchanan street, 24xS7:C
Tvith a nine-room house, for Thomas E. Green
to Emamiel Lasar for $5125: four tenements
and lot, 25x?0. at 124 and 126 Terry street,
lor James Huey of San Jose to Clement T.
ReesaAir $3150; lot 25x100 feet on the west
line otBryant street. 100 feet south of Mari
posa. for Mrs. McL<ea to Henry J. Juchter
for {1450; lot 25x83 and house at 220 Hartford
street for N. L«rsen to Dennis C. Herlihey for
$3'JU>>: flats and lot, 27:4x110, at 2017 and 2010
Dtvlsadero street for Mrs. Bartlett to P. A.
P'oda for $7500: nine lotu In block 76 of the
Excelsior Homestead for Charles Sutro to Miss
La van for $500; northwest corner of Lombard
and Mason streets, £2:6x60, for P. A. Ploda
to Oscar Heyman for $7600; southwest corner
of Killmore and Oak streets. 30x100, with
a dwelling, for A^nes McAullffe to a client
of Hooker & Lent for $P250; lot 31x117:8 and
flats at 214 and 214 >j Fair Oaks street for
John Grace to Anne Carlin for $5200; lot
25x125 and building at 13% and 15 Sanchez
street for J. .Erlkson et al. to J. McCook for
$5WKt; lot 25x114 and house at 533 Liberty
street for M. Marks to Krnest 1>. Arbogast
for $3200; lot 75x100 on the west line of
Bryant street. 200 ,feet north of Eighteenth,
for Ruth McLea to the Union Brewing and
Malting Company for $3700; Kittle estate to
Da!ss & Bower, University Homestead, block
23, for $600.
470 feet west of Mission street, 30x100
feet; to C.'iL Bertelsen for $660 the lot
on the south line of Richland avenue,
430 feet west of Mission street, 30x100
feet.
.Hooker & Lent have sold the south
east corner of Turk and Buchanan
streets, 55xS0 feet, for the Mercedes
Lumber Company to Joseph Schuler,
with old improvements, for $12,500; the
northwest corneu of Fell and Fillmore
streets, 31:3x10™ feet, for Frederic
Plagemann ' to ilerton S. Price, for
$7000, and also the following:
The old Wleland residence, northeast corner
of Sacramento and Larkln streets, 61:6x113:9,
for the Wleland' heirs, - for $19,500; vacant lot
on the south side of Jackson street, 57:6
west of Walnut, 25x100. to It. C. Cottlngham
for Hannah Nell for $3000; lot on the north
side of Vallejo street. 82 feet east of Baker,
35x125, for A. Meyer to W. M. Duval for
J4200; lot and Improvements on the north
side of Oak street. 82:9 feet west of Van
Ness avenue, 27x120. to a client of Baldwin
& Howell for $1S,500- from Emily L. Squire,
Speck & Co. have sold the property
on the north line of Turk street known
as the Elaine apartments, numbered
from 526 to 532. with lot 68:9x137:6
feet, distant 137:6 feet from Polk
street, the improvements consisting of
a six-story and basement building re
cently completed, having 218 rooms,
the building being under lease for
$1400 per month, the sale price being
$160,000. Heron & Holcomb, the sell
ers, bought the lot about two years
ago for $35,000. Since then they have
expended $125,000, as _ estimated, in
improvements. The purchaser Is a
client of Speck & Co.
B. B. Gunn & Co. have bought for
a client two 50-varas on the north
west corner of Taylor and North
Point streets from the Billings estate
for $30,000.
F. B. Surryhne has sold the property
on the north line of McAllister street,
87:6 feet west of Scott, for E. Phil
lips to William Sullivan for $14,500,
with improvements.
J. T. Donahue has sold* the flats at
2024, 2026 and 2028 Broderick street,
between Sacramento and Clay, with
lot 27:8UxllO feet, for $13,500.
Alexander and Antone Vayssie have
bought the hotel on the northeast cor
ner of Broadway and Montgomery
street, with lot 42x137:6 feet, with
two stores on the ground floor, for
$25,000.
The purchasers of the properties
that were sold at auction during the
last week for the C. J. Welngerter es
tate by G. H. Umbsen & Co. are as
follows:
Southeast corner of Post and Stockton
streets to Dr. Georpe H. Frlnk. $121,000; lot
and residences at Xos. 2713. 2721, 2727 and
27:i5 Clay street and 2123 Fierce street to Dr.
Krink. $85,000; southwest corner of Devlsadero
and Jackson streets to Dr. Frlnk, $10,000; six
lots In the O'Nell & Haley tract to Dr. Frlnk.
$830; property at «505 and 607 Kearny street,
between Sacramento and Clay streets, K. A.
Lunstrom, $25,500; property at 1300 and 1311
Stockton street to James Kltterman, $39,250;
property at 221 Leavenworth street to J. Levl,
$16,200; lot. 155x127:311. on the south line of
Taclflc avenue. between Devtsadero and
Broderick streets, to M. A. Gunst, $36,500.
The -following sales^are reported by
Baldwin & Howell:
Chatficld & Vinzent have sold for C.
H. King to J. B. Root 450 acres nine
miles from Berkeley for $20,000; for
James W. Townsend to S. W. Winters,
382 acres near Holland for $19,100;
for Richard Pbrlicene, 37 acres be
tween San Rafael and Novato for
$3750.
LEADING TRANSACTIONS.
linf of I,ak* street. 61 feet cast of Eighth ave
nTip. ;J2:lixTl', J175O: Jacob Clauss to F. A-
Hanke. lot on cast line of Webster Btreet, 100
feet south of Pine. 37x137:0, with fix flats
rrntiriK tor $140 per month, 815,000; F. Toklas
to Pitrce-ltoilclph Company, lot on east line of
I'illnicre street, 27:0 north of Eddy, SS^ixlOO,
MS.SOO: Bridget Clifford to Rev. P. L. Melby.
lot an Fouth lin<; of Seventeenth street, 200
wart of Mission, $5000.
CHOICE REALTY STILL IN STRONG DEMAND
AND IMPORTANT LEASES ARE NEGOTIATED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY. MARCH 6, 190-1
28
ADVEBTISEMENT3.
» 1 ¦
8I8-82O ANARKET ST.. 5AH FRANCISCO.
SUMMER RIBBONS. / Maline or Illusion Neck Ruffs.
lU-in. Fancy Figured / All colors, also black and
Ribbons. Reg. 7c. Spec, lie ff white. Reg. price 25c. Spe-
3-in. Fancy Ribbons, all ff _ lal Monday and Tuesday,
shades. Regr. 10c. Spec. 5c ff , -, n e - cn
4-In. Fine Quality Mous- / olU y lOc eacn.
seline Taffeta, in pretty # vrrTTW3 Mallnp nr Tension
light colorings. Reg. 25c ff YMLlTIUO, filliilie 0T 111U510U.
quality.' Spec. 15c. f Extra fine quality. Res.
5-in. wide Imported Fan- ff price 15c yard; in black,
cies, all shades; made to ff white, pink. blue. red. nil**,
sell at 50c per yard. Special ff lavender, brown and gray.
lot'. • Jr Special 8e per yard.
xrzvr spring waists. . SALT — A MAINSTAY OF
Very Fine White Lawn, beauti- LIFE — should be kept dry.
fully tucked back and front, with \ V ri <r- r _ n \,-,\^\A hirAwnnA
atlj\istable hemstitched stock col- W , e offer an 1 , nlaid . "arawooa
lar, embroidered panel front, full salt box, regular size, regular
sleeve and narrow hemstitched price 25c. Special this week
cuff. Repular price $1.75. Spe- 14c.
cheviotwaists. BRASS COTTAGE ROD, com-
Wnite. with dainty figures, full plete. 52 in. extension, excep-
anr C fun r0 Fren f c a h nCy sir e vt "SK "i?™ 1
$->.00. Special .SI. 4 5. this week i-c.
just abbived 11 Nursery Gates,
gn?&£ Hits at the Orpheum. ££*m
SS^-ffiS Tt IN OLD IRELAND, MEET ME THERE. £gS£S
P XJ"BooH3at IF YOU BUT KNEW. S.L. s H iS
Jo^unuy To e III come In and hear them.
some of the other stylet to select
iillg Special this week I5c each
and n pubUshe^°at At OUT MnSlC OepaFtfilSnt. Ttie o'nly place to
$1.50; on sale at " see such a vari-
,">Oc: a ety-
"Saracinesca," by Marlon Crawford. FOLDING OO-CABTSJ S2.7»"». The
"Dross," by Seton Merriman. new Favorite 1904 Model; 25 other
"Tales of the Ex-Tanks." by Cullen. styles; all worth seeing. We re-
"Ziska." by Marie Corelli. tire Bugsy and Go-Cart Wheels.
"Antonia," by Jessie Belden. UWK SWINGS SS.riO- Made of
"Agatha "Webb." by Anna Green. hardwood, nicely painted; large
"A Georgian Acress." by Elwyn enough for two adults or four
Barron. and scores of others. children.
THUNXS made to order rLOTCH OB BOTJBSZ.
S&fSSS: TO.^2i5 S SO*. Th. New O«ne. that
Skirt, Hat, Sole Leather. s^ are now so popular. On sale
Steamer and Wardrobe Monday and Tneeday only
Trunks jand cell them at •»«»..
ractory>I»rlce«. az tit)tt
XNIVES, BAZOBS AND SHEARS GBOUND AND EEPAIBED.
PICTUBE rBAMES OF ALL DESCBIPTI05TS MADS TO OBOEB.
INCOMPARABLE,
MAGNIFICENT
AVhite Touring Cars for Rent.
Will Sell if You Insist.
Telenhone South 305.
WHITE GAUAGE,
Market and Franklin Streets.
GUARANTEED CUSS FOB ME3T.
HARMTiESS INJECTION. Cures ordinary
cases In a few days. Warranted to cura
worst cases. WO OTHHS TEEATilEr^T
REQUIRED. Prevents and Cures Stric-
tures. PBEVE3TS CONTAGION. Harm-
less. $1.00 per bottle, expressed. For sal« only
7. S. XEZAY'S PHARMACY, 102 Eddy.
Prescriptions 34,406 and 7.
ADVEBTISEMENTS. • ..
M853^^ 50 YEARS OF CURES.
I FOR ALL FAMILY ILLS IS THE FAMOUS,
1 It is the -best known an<l most popular family medi- L ¥0 would urge allj sickly people r to stop-expert*
1 c&ae -ever oompouiKl^d, and has been used in thousands menting at once and commence taking tbe- Bifefeerg,
I of hoxnestli^w^ghout t£ie country, during the past half You'll make no mistake if you do, for paroamiieixfcpiagp*
I cantsujy, with /vronderful supcess, due to the fact that sicians everywhere never hesitate in r^nniTiTTWTWHyw .
I H &lw&y& C&r®9. Then no home is complete without it, especially in cases of Sick Headache, Insomnia*
§ a bottle o£ the Bitters in the medicine chest. • Flatulency, Dizziness, Heartburn, Indtgeq*
1 3i is peasictly safe and reliable and is reoog- *' '¦ tlon, Dyspepsia, Constipation^ Biliousness* : i
I xitoed ev^xyv^ere as the "Biok man's friend." Chills, Gold® or Malaria, Fever and A$juq+
I " You need I* to giremgifoeri the stomach, to |hS| It positively cures these ailments, as hundreds ¦
I stimulate the Ifa^f and kidneys, to restore J||I| of grateful people have voluntarily testified*
I the appeiite, amd to famld up th@ run-down
I systenu Why not try a bottle at once. It ' ~ ss OBLIGATE Mm MLiNG WOMEN =r-
I has .oured^houfltmdfi of sufferers from stomach, U^nm will also find the Bitters very helpful, as the
I liver and bowel complaints m the past and cer- weakest stomach can easily retain it It will
§ tamly won t faal you now. M JM|i buSM up JKt9mmtkp pfwnui e regularity, and
I . t =^rr.:r^iz pr®w®mt BS&U&®®, &3®&$$ng, Gmamps and
I «e »s cmvjNmme pbook |* £^^Ji™?££"£^t^"?t
g U ACKCftMAN, NEW YOflK, N. Y., eayt: "1 «m pleased to recommend your Bitter*, for Jt cured me &5ift^«^^^^^^^Bl TIT l IC KB ma Wis * jl
| ef DywopVa. fndl 0 et«o« *nd Conrtjpatlcn.- BJ||^|^HaH Will pleaSO yOU. ItOr Ss$Q® l$Jf *9## IMrUZjSjiStSm
|j DR. HAEBERLE, KANSAS CITY, MO., Miys: "I h«v« med your Bittern for Lost of AppetiU, Iwflges- SlftJ^^^Si^^l^^
| tfen, Dyspepsia and Inaomnia, and boltevo It Is without an -"'.-. I Bapil^H^SSSaHEsi '•"'¦ <£££ ESS S£7" dT^ 3 >RV B SfevR iP-^fc—P— B g=— t
| «,«L I B^ y . recommend It.- PS^^^^^ JH»1O ilWlCl, |
E R. H. SCOTT, tNDJANAPOLIG, IND, *ayei *l suffered for a long time from weak kidneys, but your a "«•«„?*??-,•- C*^ ««U "O;** u , . . A4 , i t j • . « • f
ft Bitters cured me, tnd I heartily rccommenU It." . " c Hoste « er s Stomach Bitten is sold only in bottles, securely sealed, with our Private
w . ¦¦.••¦¦? Stamp over the neck. If your dealer otters it to you in bulk, by the quart or jrallcn,
1 T. C. CORNELIUS, NEW YORK, N. Y., says: "I hav. used your Blttera for atomich complaints and H B REFUSE IT, FOR if IS COUNTERFEIT, and if you will kindly SEND US HIS NAME \
6 found It v»ry beneficial. All sufferer* ehoufd try It." ytm will confer a great favor. : u THE HOSTETTER CO., Fittsburg, Pa. \Quinn was out yesterday all day, and
about 3 o'clock in the afternoon re
turned to his home, at 469 Stevenson
street. His wife heard him come in,
but did not see him. Quinn, guided by
his pilot, went to his bed and lay down.
When his wife called him at 5:45 o'clock
he did not respond to her summons.
Examination showed that he was dead.
Alcoholism is supposed to have been
the cause. The blind man was a heavy
drinker, his wife states, and often com
plained of his heart.
Quinn and his dog were well known
to the travelers on the city's principal
thoroughfares. The blind man sold
pencils for a living and was led about
each day by his dog. People on the
streets often stopped and watched with
a feeling of love the little red dog clad
in a- red blanket guiding his master by
means of a string attached to its collar
carefully across dangerous street cross
ings, in, and out of the maze of pedes
trians. Whenever the dog would reach
an obstruction he would stop, and then
his master would know that he would
have to wait until his guide saw the
v.ay clear. After a particularly hard
day's walking the two could often be
seen resting on their way homeward.
Quinn made a good living and had a
good wife at home, who cared for him
better than most blind men are cared
for. He was a soldier in the Civil War
and later served in several hot engage
ments with the Indians on the frontiers
of Arizona' and other Western States.
While in Arizona he was shot and lost
the sight of both: eyes. He had been,
blind tor twelve years. ~7 :V .'*
that the one who for years he had
l»iloted in and out through the throngs
on the crowded thoroughfares had at
last gone to his Maker. When the Cor
oner took the body, after-having enticed
the diminutive animal from his owner's
head, the little fellow sat up a pitiful
howl, as if grieving at being taken
from his only friend.
F. Dilpiana, alias Frank Defeserc,
was arrested last night by officers T. J.
I^avanaugh and J. C. Stenzler and
charged with an assault with a deadly
weapon. Defesere cot into an alter
cation with a fisherman named Raffaei
Dltule of 424. Broadway, and Ditule al-'
leges that Defesere took a shot at him.
Was Bent on Murder.
The little dog didn't know that its
master was dead. To him the eyes that
were always closed now appeared the
same. There was nothing to tell him
The blind man with the little red dog
and blanket, so familiar to pedestrians
alcing Market street, is dead. John
Franci3 Quinn was the blind man's
name. Sitting on the bed beside its
dead master, keeping guard, the little
red dog, clad in his red blanket, snarled
and fought at Deputy Coroner McCor
mlck when he went to remove the
corpse yesterday afternoon.
John Qiiiim's Faithful Dog
Fights Deputy Coroner,
Who Tries to Get Corpse
P. J. Ebener, driver of a bakery
wagon, was treated at the Park Hos
pital yesterday for a broken leg, re
ceived by being thrown from his seat
on a bakery wagon at the crossing of
Scott and Oak streets. Ebener, while
driving down the incline on Scott
street, failed to check his horse in time
to avoid an outbound trolley car, which
struck his wagon, breaking one of the
wheels and throwing him to the ground.
Car an'.l Bakery Wugon Collide.
CANINE GUARDS
MASTER'S BODY
A woman who gave her name as
Eliza Vanteight, was. found wandering
about *on the beach near the life
saving station at 2 o'clock yesterday
morning. She is about 80 years of age
and said she lived at 550 Olive avenue,
but could give no reason for being on
the beach at that hour. She was taken
to the Park Emergency Hospital, where
she received treatment. The woman's
ololhinff was drenched. This is not the
first time she has wandered about, and
her relatives say she is demented. .
Found Wandering 5 on Beach.
The contour of the rock will have, to
be reduced by dynamite and the foun
dation of the huge concrete structure
laid under great physical disad
vantages. It will probably be two years
before'the foremost lighthouse on the
Pacific Coast will be completed.
Navigators frequenting the Oakland
estuary, especially in foggy weather,
have complained to the United States
Lighthouse Department of the contract
ed radius of the sound proceeding from
the bell located in the tower at the en
trance. '* Upon the recommendation of
Colonel Handbury a new. apparatus has
been installed, by which the 4000
pound bell will be more vigor
ously struck and a sound emit
ted that will be clearly audi
ble throughout the distance from
the west to the east side of the bay.
The new "hammer" weighs at least
fotry, pounds and will have a striking
force far in excess of the old one. By
automatic pdwer, the , Btroke ; will , tje
made once in every five seconds.
DISADVANTAGES GREAT.
The situation of Mile Rock is regard
ed as difficult by experts. Its summit
must be leveled in order that the su
perstructure above it may be properly
anchored. As an engineering problem
the difficulties to be surmounted are
only less than those .which were in
volved in the construction of the
famous Tillamook light. The interrup
tions which are anticipated from the
storms from the northwest, southwest
and west leave less than 100 favorable
days for construction. Necessarily the
erection of the Mile Rock lighthouse
will be slow.
The light will be of the first order,
and besides a siren will have a bell,
whose warning will sound far over the
sea. An engine of adequate power will
provide the steam necessary to operate
the siren. The lighthouse will be de
pendent upon the mainland for water,
which Is to be provided by auxiliary
steamers landing upon the lower rock,
thence pumped into tanks located in
the superstructure of the main light
house.
The lighthouse which Colonel Hand
bury, chief of the department, recom
mends will be 100 feet In height and
constructed of concrete. The radius of
its light will extend as far as the Faral
loncs.
FIRST ORDER LIGHT.
Specifications for the great Mile Rock
lighthouse have at last been completed j
and transmitted to the department at
Washington for approval. It is antici
pated that early advertisement will be
made calling for bids for its construe-'
tion.
This improvement is one that promi
nent marine interests of the coast have
long advised. The rock lies at the en
trance of the bay, about a mile north
of Point Lobos, and is supposed to be
the spot where the Rio de Janeiro
struck three years ago.
Mile Rock reaHy consists of two. one
of which rises about twenty feet above
mean water, while the other is barely
visible. Together they constitute a first
class menace to navigation, as the tides
and currents of the bay drive vessels
entering the harbor directly toward
them.
Work Is Soon to Be Com
menced on Proposed New
Lighthouse at Mile Rock
WILL PROTECT
BAY'S ENTRANCE
EIdridg:e & Co. will sell properties at
auction at their salesroom. The o£
fcrings Include the following:
North line cf O'Farrell street, 112:6 cast
of Lacur.a. 53x120 feet, with two twelve-room
reFidenoee; en ih.- weat l!n<? of Csstro *tre*!.
105 fe<?t north r.f Twentieth. -Sxi:S ttet, wrtth
m. two-fctorj' bouse; in the north *!<Je "f Hill
ttrpet, 120 itel fast cT Guerrero, 5<*xl38 feet.
with a two-story house: on the fast line ol
Dolor*s Ftre«t, 100 feet north of Twenty-sixth.
f/»xlC5 f**t. uid residence; on the north «i<ie of
Silver f'.reeu 137 feet east of Fourth. SJtxSO
feet, with a. cottajre; on the weBt line cf Dia
mond street. CO feet south of Twenty-s'coniJ.
.V>xll5:0 : 'i. ani new residence; on the north
*!de of Dorland nrcpt. 2M fe*t west or Church,
STRICT feet, and a ccttase: on the south line
of Carl street, 117 ieet -\vctt of Stanyan. lot
"?>xlC7:6. and th» southeast corner of Mission
und Key streets, with lots on the west line
of ICey street-
G. H. Umbsen & Co. will sell at
auction on March 14 properties of the
Ludwig Altschul estate, including the
northwest corner of Townsend street
and Clarence place; the corner of
Hampshire street and Serpentine ave
nue; the southeast corner of Railroad
avenue and Bay street, Alameda; the
northeast corner of Seventh and Wil
low streets, Oakland; also properties
in Eolano County and in New Sausa
llto. Marin County.
Continued I"rom Page 2S. Column 7
Another lot of residence sites south
of GolcJen Gate Park, beautifully sit
uated, lias just been put in shape and
is being offered in subdivisions and on
terms to suit by Baldwin & Howell,
who are the sole agents for the tract
in question. which includes the
frontages on Twcnty-flrst avenue and
H and I streets. • The avenue is now
on official grade, is macadamized and
sewered and the lots fronting thereon
are level and ready to build on. The
vi?ws are most attractive, owing to its
high elevation and the proximity of
Golden Gate Park and Strawberry
Hill. To the west of thi3 property
bunch grass has been planted, thus
securing sands from drifting. Addi
tional Welsbach street lamps have
been ordered placed along Twenty
first avenue by the city authorities. A
great advantage to this immediate
neighborhood Is the .Improved car
service on H street, as cars are run
ning now until 2:30 o'clock in the
morning. Baldwin & Howell have al
ready found purchasers for fifteen lots
on Twenty-first avenue, betwen H and
I streets. Most of there lotB were sold
to home builders. •
At the annual meeting of the
shareholders of the Citizens' Building
and Loan Association the following
board of directors was elected:
Charles Bliss. Milton S. Eisner, Oliver
CHOICE REALTY II DEMAND.
A five years' lease with option of re
newal has been made by Mrs. Amy
launders for her residence at 812
Shotwell street, between Twenty-sec
ondhand Twenty-third, to Drs. S. B.
Mather. A. J3. Baines and L. I. Mather
for a sanitarium.
Ellsworth, Thomas M. Gardiner,
George T. Marsh. George M. Mitchell,
Stephen R. Thorne. B. E. Remmel and
Fremont Wood. The following officers
were elected: ' President.- Thomas M.
Gardiner; vice president, George T.
Marsh; secretary, Fremont Wood; at
torney, ,T. B. Reinstein.
One hundred and thirty kinds of wild
flowers are found near Nome, Alaska.
When Edmond de Labrousse ap
peared before Judge Dunne yesterday
to be formally sentenced to Imprison
ment for life for the murder of Miss
Marie Jordan, his attorneys asked for
a postponement of two weeks, •which
was granted. The attorneys say there
will be no appeal taken to the Su
preme Court, as the prisoner Is sat's
fled to abide by the verdict of the Jury.
Labrousse's Sentence Postponed.
The employes of the passenger de
partment of the Southern Pacific Com
pany, just before the closing hour yes
terday, called their former associate,
J. B. Lauck, the newly appointed ad
jutant general of the State, into their
office and presented him with a mag
nificent silver pitcher and tray as a
token of their esteem. The presenta
tion was accompanied with short
speeches, to which General Lauck re
sponded feelingly.
Adjutant General Honored.
At the session of the Fire Commis
sioners yesterday, Lieutenant William
Gill of Engine Company No. 10 was
fined ?100 for disrespect and insubordi
nation. Gill took umbrage at the pun
ishment meted out to him on a former
occasion for assaulting his captain.
Thinking that Commissioner, Barrett
was rather severe on him at that time,
he went to Mr. Barrett's private office
and sought to interview him and, when
an audience was refused, he became
abusive. He appeared before the board
yesterday and apologized, which, no
doubt, saved him from dismissal, as
Commissioner Parry was disposed to
drop him from the role. Lieutenant
Thomas H. Dowd of Engine Company
No. S was fined twenty days* pay for
insubordination and disobedience to his
captain. The light sentence was due
to his being off duty at the time.
Insubordinate Firemen Fined.
Mo!c"s for making half-dollar" pieces
and 150 of the Coins were" found on Win
kelmann's person when he was arrested.
At the time of his arrest by United
States Secret Service Agent George W.
Hazen he was employed by Sylvain
Schnaittacher, who looked upon him
as a most pious and exemplary young
man. His opinion changed, however,
when Agent Hasen handed him half a
dozen bank checks bearing Mr. Schnait
tacher's signature, which young Win
kelmann had been using as copies from
which to practice the Schnaittacher
signature. ~ ; i •
Winkelmann arrived in Mexico from
Germany about three years ago with
$2500 in his possession, which he pro
ceeded to spend with the recklessness
of a man-of-war's man. He came to
this city shortly after with $500 remain
ing, and being a clever draughtsman
had no difficulty in obtaining employ
ment with architects.
Andreas "Winkelmann, a youth of 22
summers with a hitherto unblemished
reputation and up to the time of his ar
rest an esteemed member of the Young
Men's Christian Association, stood up
crestfallen before United States District
Judge de Haven yesterday and received
sentence on his plea of guilty of coun
terfeiting. The judgment of the court
was that he be imprisoned in the State
penitentiary at Folsom for fifteen
months and pay a fine of $100.
Young Counterfeiter Es
teemed fcr Piety Pays
Penalty for Crime.
A. WINKELMAN, WHO GOES
TO STATE PRISON FOR
COUNTERFEITING.
WINKELMANN
SENTENCED TO
STATE PRISON
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. MARCH 6. 1904.
29
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE FULL RECEIPT, FULL DIRECTIONS and DESCRIPTIVE
BOOK FREE-SEKD ADDRESS TODAY.
Sew Improved Method that Cores All Nervous Diseases that ExhsusJ
the Vital Powers of Hen~6!ves the Vigor and Inclination
of Men of 25 to Men of 65 and Cures Permanently.
For tha benefit of male readers young and old who find themselves weak in vital fnnc-
tica. the veil known Dr. Knapp Medical Co. of Detroit, Michigan, will send their fan*
f-wir;* receipt fnTI directions bow to coxs /^'i.*iA
yourself bX koia«. free of clutrge. It is net li£3t£?''^
necessary to write a fall letter, as they scad it rf&fifc. /3£p?S\
tree as soon as they receive yotir name and i||||&ik l^S^s^^8s
address. Wonderful improvements have been j§P^||ip' £!x 0^^^L
made in jhi* famoos receipt nctfl it now posi- aKfey ma&l' §0$ ffl^v^+\
lively gives the longed-for effect in only ono A^^_^ MMi JIb!! lliP^illl
dzy'sT^e. and ceres permanently in hzil the
tine required by any other method that we have
ever heard oL It is a lasting enre for any form
d rcstirg drains, vital weakness, lack of stay- JM^^^Ijgyj^^C^fejS gggP'
j^g po-wer, bashfslness and timidity, puny or- jpSgjM- 1 \i§|f 'wat ijf^P'irr/P^ i
rp"'. prematurity, dissatisfaction, varicocele, pfc^Pr^Iifvl
rtricturi and all other embarrassing conditions ffij^SjgPHL 1~£t§I§1
thai iitdcre, With the newly discovered in- .wSrajliipift
gredi-sts that have lately been added this won- jj?^*^^^^ !NllP*li
cerf_l receipt it is indeed TTCrth having. It /Y^^ggl? fl&»#S|i?
goes direct to the •weakened paxU, makes the / . t^J^= = s»-a ttS^s^la
mrLscles firm, the ncrve3 steady and has a vit- A K*jVT^^ (K^^^
alizisg tilact ca the glands and nincoas mem-/* t<xj^r*^x lBwSwfiPt
You know best if 3-00 need it or nci, and if , Jfaa£)t ru&P's''' visliifi*^
rcu do, lose no time in getting it, for ths soon- • "L SS**t.v^*wP|fo-^-^ffigB|aSirey
yen TRTite the sooner yon will oe cx* t^g *~~ ffr^C^^^*^*Js?? Vs^r^^
The addr-ss is Dr. Knspp Medical Ca, J7C0 *^\STarj£r/L' **.. *~. WF
Hall Bnilding, Detroit, Mich. The new re- j<- '*^ ~ ¦
ceipt with full directions how «o cure yourself privately at benae and a book that goes
in to the subject* thoroughly will be mailed you at once in a plain sealed package free cf
charge. Yon will not be asked to deposit any money or to pay for it in any way. It
is absolutely free: and as it can cost yon nothing yon .should send for it without
fcrther delay and find out for yocrself that it can core yoa. /
OCEAX TRAVEL.
A DR'S. FOOD ,
Found a Food Tlmt Lifted Him Out of
. The food experience of a doctor ex-
perimenting with himself is worth
knowing. He says:
"I had acid dyspepsia since I have
any knowledge, from eight years old
I know.
"It worked down from stomach to
intestines, locating at the umbilicus
in enteritis; until six years ago the
agony every few days was, something
terrible. I have walked the floor for
hours unable to eat or' digest if I
should eat.
"Medicine would not relieve me at
all. Four years ago I began the use
of Grape-Nuts and since the first dish
I have never had an attack of the old
trouble. I take four tablespoonfula
once a day with my supper, which is
composed only of whole wheat bread
and the Grape-Nuts.
; V'The wonderful part of my : case is
that I have never, had an. attack of
even any of the -. dreadful; symptoms <
since the: very first meal of
Nuts. Most. of ray patients know how
suddenly and : promptly Grape-Nuts
cured me,' and I have 'prescribed the
food with srood -.results in many cases."
Name given ,by Postum Co., Battle
Creek/ Mich.'/
Grape-Nuts is regularly prescribed
•in' place -of • medicine by many physi-
cians for stomach or. intestinal trouble^
lack of nourishment, brain fag and 1
nervous prostration.- The^ result usu-
ally shows immediate improvement
and a speedy complete cure*.
Ten days' trial' "of r Grape-Nuts in
place of starchy foods works wonders.
"There's a reason." j
¦ Look* in- each pkg. for ,the famous
little book. "The Road to Wellvllle."
ADVESTISEMENTS.
Fornitnre for Hall, Library, Parlor, Dining-Room
Bedroom; also Lace Curtains, Draperies, Upholstery,
Oriental and Domestic Rugs. ::::::
Limited space permits only a few examples to indicate the ex-
tent of these reductions. To fully appreciate what values we are
offering, these exclusive productions should bs seen.
HALL CHAIR— Weathered Oak. 0 £ fifl
Odd design. $ 8.00 reduced to h Dill I)
LADIES' TEA TABLE-Solid Mahogany. 0 I C fin
$24.00 reduced to OlOiUU
ALL BRASS BED-Best quality. «qp nn
Two-inch posts. " $45.00 reducad to dOOiUll
LADIES' DESK— Dnll Mahogany. QRfl Hfl
Very qnaint. " * 585.00 reduced to *b D U i U U
PURE COLONIAL BUREAU— Dull Mahogany £ 7 0 C f)
Crystal pulls. / $90.00 reduced to i ! i 1 3 U
SIDEBOARD— Selected Quarter-Sawed Oak.
Polish finish, large mirror back, china oabinet QOn flfl
top. Sideboard 5 feet long. 5135.00 reduced to u 0 U i U U
Special price pieces purchased during thid sale may ba left to
suit the buyer's convenience, but cannot be exchanged nor re v .urnad. i
114122 POST STREET
. PKAGERS. I PRAGEHS | PRAGERS
1
| The Policy of This Store Has Not Changed. The Usual Courtesies Will Continne |
Extra Values in Table Linens and Women's Shirt, Waist* Suits, Skirts and
New Spring Wash Goods. j Jackets at Specially Low Prices.
NEVER has there been such a complete stock and r^ VERY day some new and prettv lines of «rar«
such a wide assortment of colors and desiens as JTV ments are opened and at the present time there is
is the stock we are now offering:. There are a n unusually attractive display. A ereat many
some ot the greatest purchases ever made and vou thousands of different pieces of wearing apparel will
may now share in the economy specials we have ar- now be found in this section of the store. There-
ranged for this week. _ fore, don't "delay purchasing, as there is no time like
TABLE LINENS. • the present for bargains.
— Oc a vard — Heavy homespun table damask, the SHIRT WAIST SUITS.
finest wearing linen made. " . 98.5O-^o suits in this lot: thev 'are made of bril-
j ¦ a vard— All pure German table hnen; new Hantines. prettily tucked and stitched. Thev are neatly
designs. Worth 85c a yard. tailored and come in blue and black. Real value Si voo.
NAPKINS. 911.5O and i.UK.45— Elegant shirt waist suits
$1.05 a dozen — Soft finish Scotch satin damask made of lustrous Sicilian; come in blue, black, cham-
napkins. All new and pretty patterns. Regular $.2.00 pagne. white and the popular black and white .small
a dozen. checks. The stvle and finish is neat and up to date.
WASH GOODS- Bedford Cord. SKIRTS
2r>c a vard— Cream Bedford cord, 1 yard wide. A $€T.75— 20 dozen French voile skirts will be placed
heavy quality for shirt waists and outing suits. on sale this week that cannot be. duplicated for less
Madras. than $10.00. They are prettily tailored and most beau-
12i/£e a yard — .36-inch corded madras: white tifully trimmed. They are rare bargains,
ground, with neat small figures and stripes. All fast JACKETS.
colors - . $4.O5 to $?«">«OO— Elegant spring jackets repre-
Ginghams. . senting every popular style out this season will be
«c,.a vard— Zephyr ginghams: the newest stripes f OU nd in our department. Our specials for this week
and solid colors. Regular 10c pradc. w jn b e;
Cashmere. 97.45 — Handsome covert tan jacket, silk serge
loc a vard— 40-inch cream cashmere that will lined; most beautifully tailored, stitched and strapped.
wash well. Suitable for waists, outing suits, etc. Come in loose or half-fitted back. Very stvlish. Worth
SILK MULL. • $10.00.
• 2!)c a yard— 'Embroidered silk mull in all the 9?>.O5— A fine covert jacket in tan and black, with
leading shades—pink, light blue, cream. Nile, lemon, deep military capes. Well tailored and satin lined: lat-
lavender. cardinal and black. Regular 50c quality. j est Napoleon sleeves. Worth $13.00.
Aprojis and Undervests. New Dress Goods and Silks.
AS specials for Monday we have taken several lines r-p HE demand for all these lines advertised or dis-
wnich probably are the biggest values on record. | playcd ha5 been so grcat that it bids fair to
APRONS. cxcccd thc supply -
42c each — Women's white lawn aprons: good DRESS GOODS.
large size, with long strings. Some have clusters of 43c a yard— 30-inch all-wool cream albatross and
tucic?. others arc trimmed with embroidery. Sold al- corded batiste. Sells regularly at 50c a vard.
ways at rsc. Special for Monday. 43c a yard _ 38 -inch wool etamine in tan. gray.
UNDERVESTS. brown, navy, reseda, garnet and black. A sheer, clingy
14c each — Women's undervests. made of fine material for spring.
soft cotton,JSedford and Rembrandt ribbed; square SILKS.
neck and sleeveless. Neck and armholes finished with ,»< • 1 t • .
lace and ribbon. Come in pink, blue and white. All .„ 91-00 a yard— 27-inch embroidered white Jap
sizes. Regular 25c value. S1 '* <s Wlt " colored dots. Extra heavy silk is used and
49c each — Women's undervests that look like different colored dots. Will wash well.
silk. Neck elaborately trimmed with lace and ribbon. 5Oc and 58c a yard— Pongee silks. Plain and
Fancy lace open work alternating with fine ribbing, fancv grounds.
Cream only in sizes 3, 4, 5 and 6. A splendid value at 75c, 85c and 9*«OO a yard— 27-inch black taffeta
75c. sjlk. the kind that has the swish. Very special values.
Shoe Specials. i Household Goods.
Jj?2.5O —Patent |gl | OOc_Mrs. Pott's
women:, vici^ kid >*jgL-X -^ffift f* *• I blocked tin covered
vamp, dull kid^top, EH • ATW4Y«i UPT TAUT IT ! handle,
patent leather tip. ; %fm ' AL " Aia X*.K,L.lA±SL,t, 52c— Royal steel
lace, military heels J&& 1OQQ iOSfiTVTA "m/'CT cm AT enameled sauce pans;
and extension£,solc3. \^T *^OO JL^OvF J.T1A±vJVT!. X SI. Jones regular 85c value.
. -- rv* ADVERTISEMENTS.
Officially Chosen
To represent California at
St». Louis Exposition
Has been chosen by the Commissioners to DESIGN and
BUILD the pianos for the various rooms in the California and
San Francisco Buildings.
~* . /
THE
Are now ready for shipment and will be exhibited at the
warerooms for a short time.
You Are Invited to Call
and See Them.
R Y R ft I ffi I !! J Y FAGT0RY m
' 308, 310, 312 POST STREET
UNION SQUAREA sunflower sucks up 145 pounds of
water during its growth, /
WASHINGTON, March 5. — The
House Committee on Rivers and Har
bors to-day decided not to authorize
the making of any > surveys for river
and harbor improvements this, year. .
River Surveys Not to Be Made.
STOCKTON, March 5.— The flood wa
ters that have inundated ' many acres
in 1 the extreme northwestern part of
this county have now receded consid
erably and no further injury is .looked
for at this time. ' Roberts Island, Vic
toria'Island, Woodward Island, the
John Herd tract,. the Rindge Syndicate
tract and other reclaimed land ' in the
vicinity of . Stockton were not- In the
least danger at any time from the high
water.
Flood Waters Are Receding.
Rich asbestos mines have been dis
covered near Irkutsk. Siberia.
Basket making employs half a mil
lion" persons in Germany.
The uerman Emperor has more serv
ants in his employ than any other mon
arch. Altogether they number more
than 3000, about two-thirds of them be
ing women.
There is no way. of estimating the
damage done, by the fire, as it took in
such a wide expanse of territory. Many
farms have been devastated, pastures
and grain fields ruined, sheds and barns
burned and other property destroyed.
The people of Arcola had great dif
ficulty in preventing that village from
being burned^.
LAWTON, O. T., March 5. — Advices
from Fort Sill late to-night state that
the military reservation north of Fort
Sill is burning, and a strong north wind
is blowing. The Apache Indians, who
are prisoners of war upon this reserva
tion, have been ordered to the front
as fire fighters. No privates are being
allowed outside the fort to-night, and
all soldiers are in readiness to go out
to fight fires. No great fear is expressed
for Government buildings. This fire
will practically sweep the remaining
range bare of stock feed.
SAL.INA, Kan., March 5. — A prairie
fire last night was started by sparks
from an engine near Arcola,' Ellsworth
County. It spread north to the Salina
River, a distance of twenty miles, and
was. the largest blaze seen in this part
of the State for years, cutting a swath
ten miles wide.
Prisoners of War in Okla
homa Are Ordered to Stay
Progress of the Flames
WASHINGTON, March 5.— Admiral
Converse, chief of the Bureau of Yards
and Docks, has advised Jhe command
ing officer at Mare Island to send an
officer to San Diego to take a steam
launch and begin the preliminary
work on* the Government coaling sta
tion at that place, provided for under
the recent appropriation. l ' , .
Cushman's Alaska Delegate bill has
been favorably reported to the House
by the Committee on Territories.
Fourth-class postmaster \ commis
sioned — Adam Andrews, ' Shasta
Springs, Cal.; Mary E. ,Paup, West
Portland, Or.; August Byyny, Rose
burg, Wash.
Fourth-class postmasters appointed
— California — Ollnda, Shasta County,
George <W. Burtner, vice George E.
Barney, resigned.
i Special orders by. the War Depart
j ment — Contract Surgeon Milton
Vaughan, now under treatment at the
United States^ Army General Hospital
at the Presidio of San Francisco, will
proceed to Hot Springs, Ark., and re
port in person to the comandlng of
ficer of the Army and Navy* General
Hospital at that place for observation
and treatment. Recruits Richard C.
Clark and William L. Greene' of the
general service, ¦ now in the hands of
the civil authorities serving sentences
of imprisonment, will be discharged
without honor from the army by. the
commanding officer of the department
of recruits, and casuals at Fort Mc-
Dowell, Cal.
tal Service and Orders Issued by
the War Department.
Several Changes Are Made in the Pos-
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
President Opposes! Terms Fixed in
South Dakota Land Bill.
WASHINGTON, March 5. — Repre
sentative James Sherman of New
York, chairman of the Indian Affairs
Committee of the House of Repre
sentatives, had a conference to-day
With the President regarding the^bill
providing' for the opening to settle
ment of 416,000 acres of land in the
Rosebud Reservation, S^uth Dakota.
By the , terms of the measure the land
may be sold to settlers for not less
than $3 an acre, the amount of the
purchase price to be paid in five an
nual installments, the land not sold
under the first? offer to be allotted at
$4 an acre. President Roosevelt in
formed Sherman that he was unalter
ably opposed to the terms of payment
fixed' in J^he bill as it passed the House.
In.fact'his opposition to the'price of
the land as specified in the House bill
is so strong, that if the measure were
passed by Congress in that shape he
would veto it. It -Has been shown by
excellent authorities that the land is
worth an average price of at least $6
an acre, at the lowest, and some of it
is worth as much, as $25 an acre.
SAYS THE TRICE IS TOO LOW.
SACRAMENTO. March 5.— The State
Board of Education met this afternoon
ln the Capitol. The most important
matter under consideration was the re
port of the State textbook committee.
The board approved the action of the
committee in contracting for the plates
of Hornbrook's arithmetic and ln au
thorizing the State Printer to print 73.
000 grammar school arithmetlca. 50,000
grammar school geographies, 50.000
primary school histories and 73,000 pri
mary or Introductory geographies.
The following were granted special
high schood credentials: Miss Hester
E. Benn of San Diego. Charles S.
Downes of Alameda. Miss Mary A.
Monce of Berkeley, oJhn M. Downen v of
Pueblo, Colo.; Miss C. E. Smith of
Prescott, Ariz., and Miss Edith M.
Everett" of Billings, Mont.
State Board of Education Meets at
Sacramento and Transacts Con
siderable Business.
HIGH SCnOOLi CREDENTIALS
ARE ISSUED TO TEACHERS
NAPA, March 5. — The ejectment suit
of Mrs. Chloe Brown against Joseph
Martinelli was compromised on Fri
day. The case was tried in November
of last year and judgment was given
for the defendant. Martinelli, accord
ing to the decision, was to retain pos
session of the premises in dispute until
October 1, 1904. The property Involved
is the old Smith Brown place of about
500 acres adjoining the lands of the
Napa State Hospital on the south. The
plaintiff had been allowed sixty days
in which to appeal to the Supreme
Court and that time had not yet
elapsed. Mrs. Brown will now drop
the suit, Martinelli making minor con
cessions.
Dispute Over Possession of the Smith
Brown Place Near the Xapa
State Hospital Is Settled.
LITIGANTS COMPRO3IISE
SUIT OUTSIDE OF COURT
APACHES FIGHT
A PRAIRIE FIRE
Taylor .told a pretty straight story
on the witness stand and was not con
fused. He maintained that he thought
his train was on the main line and
that Engineer Bennett had told him
to head the limited in on the siding.
PORT COSTA, March 5.— The Coro
ner's jury in the case of the deaths of
Engineers L. L.. Baker and James P.
Bennett, who were killed in the col
lision at Luzon static-n, on the Santa
Fe route, on February 27, brought in
a verdict that the wreck was caused by
the carelessness of A. W. Taylor, a
porter-brakeman, who threw the swifch
that turned the limited train on , the
siding on which the overland express
was standing. The jury exonerated Tay
lor from any criminal intent, however,
and he was discharged from custody.
He had been held here in jail since
the accident. The jury recommended
that nc/ porter be allowed to perform
a brakeman's duty.
Coroner Concludes His Investigation
Into the Luzon Collision AVliich
Caused Death of Two.
CAR PORTER IS DECLARED ,
- RESPONSIBLE FOR WRECK
The report then states that the in
vestigation was confined largely to
one division, and it is impossible to say
whether or not the same corrupt meth
ods obtain in other divisions. The busi
ness intercourse between the divisions
make such a condition possible, it
says, and some system of checks is
recommended so that frauds could not
easily be achieved. The minority re>
port concludes on this subject: /
"In view of the interesting report
mentioned and of the hearings-end of
the detailed proof furnished by the de
partment to the committee of the im
proper conduct of posto/Rce officials
and of the charges against other di
visions of the department and the im
perfect methods of obtaining facts as
to the conduct of affairs in that office,
it would be the part of wisdom that the
House should proceed to a full and
complete investigation of the Post
offlce Department in all of its branches
for the betterment of -the service, the
prevention of frauds and the general
protection of the public interest."
WASHINGTON^ March 5.— The re
port on the postofflce appropriation
bill, containing a~ summary of the con
tents of the".bill' made public at the
'it i ' •
time of its completion, was filed in the
House to-dny.v The report was ac
companied by, a statement of the views
of the minority, signed by Representa
tives Moon*,- Griggs, Cowherd, Finley
and Krutz. Moon also submitted views
of his owr\ condemning railway mail
subsidies and the provision in the bill
for the lease for fifty years of the post
offlce facilities of the New York Cen
tral Railway in New York City.
In the minority report proper an in
vestigation of ' tl^e Postofflce Depart
ment is urged. The conclusions of the
Bristow investigation are made a part
of the report, "which is declared to be
a disclosure of "startling corruption
in the division investigated and a
method of doing business naturally
conducive to fraud."
When the bereaved widow asks her
gentleman friend to sit in the parlor
and smoke cigars it is evident that
she has begun to "sit up and take no
tice."
Nearly eleven miles of the Simplon
tunnel have been bored. At the tun
nel head the temperature is stated to
have reached 136 degrees Fahrenheit,
while thermometers outside were reg
istering 36.
Minority on Postoilke Com
mittee Files a Lengthy lie
port on Appropriation Bill
URGES HOUSE
TO INVESTIGATE
"Star- Spangled Banner." national anthem
of the United States of America; march,
"American Republic" (Thiele): .. overture,
"Morning, Noon and Xight" (Suppe); waltr.
"Truthful Eyes" (new) <Clauder); - duet for
horn and flute. "Call Me Thine Own," Messrs.
K. Schlott and A. Lombardo; selection frpm
•¦Klnjf Dodo" (Ludcrs); march "Triumph"
(Theodcre Vogt): overture, "Mlsrnon"
(Thomas): sons. "Let Me Die on the Deep"
(Dewey): ballet music in "William Tell" (Ros
einl): paraphrase. "Rocked in the Cradle of
the Deep" (Laxendeau); "America."
The following music will be ren
dered at Golden Gate Park to-day:
Music at the Park.
Golden West Division, Uniform
Rank Knights of the Maccabees, is
anxious to attend the Maccabee re
view during the World's fair at St.
Louis and it is devising ways to in
crease its fund for that purpose. One
of these has been the giving of a mas
querade ball. This will be in Ein
tracht Hall on the night of Saturday,
March 12.
Maccabce Masquerade.
NEW YORK,- March 5.— Stating that
he was suffering from a fever, cold and
sore throat, Governor B. Odell to
day abandoned -his proposed trip to
Washington to consult with President
Roosevelt, and returned to Albany, at
the same time positively putting him
self out of line for the chairmanship of
the National Republican Committee.
•"Nothing has been settled yet," the
Governor said as to his acceptance of
the State chairmanship, "and this mat
ter is still under consideration."
In mentioning the permanent aban
donment for the present of the Wash
ington trip Governor Odell also made
an emphatic declaration on. the subject
of his leadership ln this State, stating
that "there is nothing in the affairs of
the party in this State that I cannot
settle myself without assistance if I
wish, and the President isn't apt to call
on me to settle the affairs «f the na
tion. I shall not go to Washington for
some time, as I have several engage
ments up the State, and there is noth
ing I wish to see ttie President about
that is urgent or that will not keep." ,
"Will you accept the national chair
manship?" he was asked. ,
"No, I never had any such idea," he
replied. "It is not the kind of work I
am looking for, and I would not ac
cept it if it were offered to me on a
silver platter."
WASHINGTON, March 6.— President
Roosevelt received a telephone message
from Governor Odell last night inform
ing him that he had been attacked by a
severe cold. This morning the. Presi
dent received a telegram from the Gov
ernor saying that he would be obliged
to return immediately to Albany, as
his physicians had informed him that
he had an attack of the grip. He stated
therefore that he would be unable to
keep his engagement with the Presi
dent to-day. President Roosevelt wrote
the Governor, expressing regret that
he would be unable to come to Wash
ington at this time, and telling him he
would be glad to see him at any time
in the near future.
It can be authoritatively stated that
Governor Odell has not been offered the
chairmanship of the Republican Na
tional Committee, and that there is no
probability, that, he will/ be, offered the
position. It was none, of the; objects of
Governor Odell's visit to Washington
to discuss the: national chairmanship
with the President so far as the accept
ance of the place by' the Governor was
concerned. " It :1s^understood (that Gov
ernor Odell's visit is merely postponed.
Says He -Would -'Not Accept
Chairmanship of Nation
al Eepublican Committee
STATES HIS POSITION
Governor Odell^Defers His
Conference With President
Owing to Sudden Illness
ABANDONS TRIP
TO WASHINGTON
THE SAN FRANCISCO -GALL, SUNDAY,- MARCH ; (V 1904.
30
ADVERTISEMENTS.
POSTUM CEREAL.
iCofte? I
! 3ick?5
J Easy to quit . •
# ;; When you have #
• a OStlliX^ |
ls?$&J@^ ® $ Every woman covets a
loss of their girlish forms
FU@/K? J£n, after marriage. The bearing
All of this can be avoided,
however, by the use of Mother's Friend before baby comes, as this
great liniment always prepares the body for the strain upon it, and
preserves the symmetry of ljer form. Mother's Friend overcomes all the
danger of child-birth, and carries the expectant mother safely through
this critical period without pain. It is woman's greatest blessing.
Thousands gratefully tell of the benefit and relief derived from tho
nse of this wonderful
remedy. Sold by all £^/tg§rl J$» JUjvi -a &
book, telling all about a^^^
this liniment, wiH be tent free, fir'"—^ S jmx^. m**% jpaJ$
__ jaJDVEBTISKTyTRNTS. .
A LITTLE SANCTUARY- a place of J|
l^i^^\i^^l£iJ' "^ refuge from care and worry. Ma
M;J^*y!ll^^M|^| Good furniture is no longer a luxury. Like W
ot^ er luxuries °f twenty years ago it has be- W
iWrnmBwrn Wi^' 1 Furnishing a home is not a formidable |p
: W 4'^Wm'^m, W'W un^ erta^ in g- Prices for good furniture are |p
1 I'l^ mHnHlil W' \ *° W at *^ e terIin £- Payments can be divided | jjg
1 'i H^^wSm v * nt0 suc k tiny * ractions at no one wi^ 2 in- y&
Al l^^B^^^^Ei convenienced by them. * W
&3 &J r}\*^ll— SiXl QU9rtCr-o3\V6d U3K OluC- isli monk of a cen- (§!yw
«'ti?$Sv <fiSi'' J *---*—-——» f m nil' 1 1 in Nearly six feet ln width. Two hand- — ™^-^; — =r £~~~ tS^
.' pNg" « qrviife :^T7f-'y t 'f s KSg^^iZSggyr^ «=ome French plate mirrors. Hard to flr.'l ¦ j l , ; j ViW
' tfWSH? •'vfr'~ ''fXt le^^VS MM I h&\ richer oak or tastier carvinsr or finer polish J > '¦\ 0e -gr**J' I \cj
¦ 1*^S? ST &J.F* <& ¥<, [ PA ft l?& m a sideboard of twice the price. \\>'ra ' >**fii523»J &£&
*£%$ M R-Tu^r-j^^F'^ . lL>cl >jl^^g Koin? to SUIT people who want sWe- ZJ,Yi' •'^^t^ m*+
?l "mW" Jv%"* lt>s made of -J UJ4" - T " P -^d£^W 28-Jnch Oya! Framed
M W,^' •¦¦•^-' ! St0Ut rattan ' ji|^ffiF7®*W^t%{\^ Wea r th S ere $ d' 65 oak f \
I ;^ «. _. .. • rattan frame ™?*^&Tp%p8*^&T ' sorts of subjects,
B §§ BirdSCVC MapIC ... nr \, lUma. tigers, chu- $&&?:*•-
fi @- rhlf f nnlPr «5I7 qn v^ A Colonial PaHern. $13.90 dren and monks -
lf'-lS **IIIIIOIll«r,9iy.»W ¦¦ ¦S£$w(l/f?y An unusual pattern— unusually SrSrs W&i''-'*
W^JJ^ The daintiest TS&ytl!] [,?¦ handsome. Massive— the liRht- j^^^ §*^'-'
«l££ r »- wood in the. world 'lfY'~~ cst rods are half an Inch thick; mjf S^'-'*
itS:; for bedroom furni- the Hosts are nearly two — 1 r, J^^\ "£.>ia C; '.,--;
YESv ' ture Tilts is all ~ "'*>X.Q l/JDEll,^ Inches, to be exact. Shown on our Cft i Kx **£?& t&«-
K^.)j "birclseye." sides. I^SJ^S^4^^^@^! N sche"" 1 3°°*' '" sU dlrterent coIor ' 'S^^®' A^!y
' * In / Card Tab(6. S9.25 Needs no attention or J Y Orientals, sombsr j£; w
feif ¦ , irrigating. 1 % flesh colors and £?'•?
BjF oak or pol- a palm that never ¦ ray draperies. B9
IBb ished quarter-sawfed gold- dies. The DiVclM OO Each one mean- sF^A
i I social gathering. grace. beautiful in design and richly polished. y° u - j gK 2£fi
ADVERTISEMENTS.
; Cures All Diseases of the
Catarrh, Deafness, Ringing, Discharging and Painful Ears. Consump-
tion, Asthma, Bronchitis and in all Wasting Diseases.
Electro-Chemistry Cures because it builds up every organ in the body.
It purifies and enriches the blood, loading it with oxygen. It cures be-
ciuse the treatment is entirely constitutional in its effect, and because every
disease is attacked at its foundation.
grip
t PNEUMONIA v/!'
PUS GERMS
|-^ 1"*^ Y~^ Y~^ CONSULTATION
W^ W^% W^ |"^ and Electro-Chemic
A 1 IJk^JL-4 EXAMINATION
IH DISEASES OP WOMEK, «T RHEUMATISM.
success. Women who had looked forward \f °L "i* e ?L. " I J ttndredl haVe been cured
to surelcal treatment as the only alterna- wtl ° had tr i«a »H other treatments In. vain.
Uve have been quickly and thoroughly Many have been quickly cured by Electro-
cured by Electro-chemistry. There has Chemistry after having, at great expense,
be«n no pain, no shock and nothing at all los » °£ tIn »* and Inconvenience, gone to dlf-
objectionable about the treatment. Tu- ferrnt sanitariums for ' medicinal water
tnnn. Cancer*. Enlarged, Misplaced and cures. . Many have come to the Institute
Inflamed Ovaries have been cured: Irreg^i- oa crotches, and ln a few days have thrown
larttles. Palnfjjl Periods and all unnatural **»« crutches away. Many have come with
I conditions' have been quickly, permanently awollen, stiffened and • pelnful Joint*, and
and cheaply cured. No woman can afford after a few treatments the pain, swelling
to risk her life on the operating table be- an ' J stiffness have disappeared,
fore nhe has investigated the Electro- There Is no treatment in tha world like
Chemic treatment. Electro-Chemistry for Poisoned Blood, Lo-
It costs nothing to da this. All are « el- cociotor Ataxla and Paralysis. We can
come to free cons.ulta.tlon, examination and furnish proof for all our 'claims.' Come ln
advice. i and investigate, f re«.
PATIENTS TREATED SUCCESSFULLY AT HOME.'
The Electro-Chemic Treatment is the mot perfect ever devised and employed. Suf-
ferers livl&g at a distance from San Francisco and unable to visit the Institute are af-
forded the same satisfactory and successful treatment as those who are treated ln ' its
office*. Complete and perfect electrical apparatus and -appliances loaned to patients taklne
home treatment. Correspondence solicited. Write full description of your case. Diagnosis
- advice ard the opinions of the Electro-Cbem ic Specialists free of charge. AH correspond-
ence etrictly confidential. All letters mailed ln plain envelopes..
xnm*TA*x> «adi«» diseases, tuc F I F RTR fl - RHRMIR
The Electrb-Cbemic treatment is the only Hit LLLU I IIU UllLiTI I U
known treatment that has ever cured Bright'* IMQTITIITC
Disease and Diabetea. In Inflammation of the EiIuIIIUIL
Bladder and in Prostatlc Disease, especially In ,,.. .W O-- rW*Pi
old men. the result, are' Immediate "and won- 1 1 0 U F2 fi I AY8. UOF. POST St.
derfuL In Piles and Rectal Troubles the same SAN FRANCISCO.
1« t™# / ' : *¦¦" * Office Hour*-*-9 a. m. to & p. m. and. 7 to S
J_T . t • ~«^i«» urine for free p ' m -~ <lall >'- Sundays— 10 a. m. toll p. m.
, Bring in a sample ol.moroin* urtaeior iree Separate apartment* for ladle*. ; aad gentle-
* ADVERTISEMENTS.
Beware of Imitations
TO SMOKERS OF
J^P^^V An imitation of "BULL
/^^^^K\ DURHAM" Smoking
8^^^^^™ | see that the picture of the Bull
age and the tag on the string.
_^mm^^m^ BlackwelPs Durham Tobacco Co.STREETCAR CONDUCTOR
ADMITS BIGAMY CHARGE
Astounds New Jersey Judge by An-.
nounciiig Thnt He Had Been Mar
ried About Forty-Seven Times.
ELIZABETH, N. JV, March 5.—
When James H. Shippie, aged 32 years,
a streetcar conductor, was arraigned
in court to-day on a charge of bigamy
he astounded the Judge by admitting
that he had been married many tiroes,
"about forty-seven times," he
thought. Two of -his wives were In
court and , it was stated that he .had
married at least four other women,'
SACRAMENTO. March 5.— The trus
tees of reclamation district No. 535 this
morning opened bids for the closing of
the Edwards break, and accepted that
of Clark & Henry of Stockton, which
was the lowest. Their- bid will aggre
gate $24,000. as near as can be figured
at the present time. Much of the work
to be done is computed by yard meas
urement, and the total cost will not be
known until the work is completed.
The contract will be signed next Mon
day raorning, and the specifications call
for the completing of the work within
fifteen days from the time tha contract
ts signed. For every day over this time
the work is delayed a penalty of $300 is
imposed, while a" bonus of* $300 is offered
for the completion of the work within
the time specified
Successful Bidders Stipulate to Close
Ihc Edwards JJrcak Within Fif
teen Days After Commencing.
TRUSTEES LET CONTRACT
FOR REPAIRING A LEVEE
Some discrepancy between the esti
mates and the officially reported in
crfaLfc was looked for, but bo great a
difference as that shown was somewhat
surprising. It may have been due, how
ever, to movements incident to prepa
rations for compliance with the treas
ury call for the surrender of public de
posits, or, what| seems to be more rea
sonable, to the decrease in circulation,
to remittances for the retirement of
bank notes for the account of corre
spondents and to withdrawals of $1,250,
000 gold for shipment to Buenos Ayres.
If the latter was one of the causes the
amount withdrawn would count for but
one day* in the averages.
The deposits were increased by $12,
673,400. which is greater by $2,007,600
than the sum of the net gain In cash
and of the increase in loans, therefore
the statement does not balance. The
increase In required reserves due to the
augmented deposits was $3,168,350. De
ducting therefrom the net gain in cash
leaves $2,206,550 as the reduction in sur
plus "reserve ' to $29,943,350. Computed
upon the basis of deposits, less those of
$39,137,200 public funds, the surplus is
$39,727,650.
The Government deposits were in
creased by $375,300, making the gain
since February 6 $2,243,900. The circula
tion was decreased $1,049,800, and the
reduction in this item since the begin
ning of the year has been $5,755,900.
Loans expanded by $9,709,300, probably
reflecting the hypothecation, of sterling
exchange, which has been bought for
investment,' and also some special syn
dicate or corporation borrowings, i
NEW YORK, March 5.— The Finan
cier says: The most notable feature of
the official statement of the New York
AFbcciatcd Banks were the new hS?h
recjids to<~ loans, specie, cash-rejexve
and deimlts.. The net increase in the
cash rt serve was $961,500, or $2,041.<'>00
less than the amount of gain which
was estimated on the basis of the trace
able movements of money during- the
week.
NEW YORK, March 5.— The stock
market came under the influence of an
expected Northern Securities decision
on Monday and lost more of the small
gains which had been established by
the slow and laborious hardening move
ment Of the whole of the week up to
to-day. The market closed easy and at
declines running to a point in a number
of the prominent stocks.
The volume of liquidation was unim
portant and indicated nothing more
than traders' positions in the market,
but the impelling motive was clear
enough and was corroborated by the
weakness of Northern Securities itself
on the curb. The bank statement was
without any influence. The increase in
cash wa5 slightly less than expected,
but the fact that there was an increase
at all Is evidence of the continued ten
dency toward congestion of reserves.
The loan expansion was viewed with
equanimity in view of the condition of
the reserves, notwithstanding that the
loan item establishes a new high rec
ord again, with an . aggregate, for the
clearing-house banks within $82,000 of a
round $1,000,000,000. # ThIs is supposed to
reflect renewed corporation borrowing,
including the $3,000,000 taken by the
New York Central and the same amount
by the Burlington. The fact that the
latter was placed in Chicago would not
prevent its reflection in the New York
Bhowing.
Railroads reporting gross earnings
for the fourth" week in February show
some increases over the similar period
of last year,' but the additional day in
February of this year, which figures in
the showing, distorts the comparison.
Foreign influences were against the
market, London being confronted with
a mining settlement next week, just
after emerging from the strain of the
Paris settlement this week. Consols as
a cqnsecuence touched a new low rec
ord in. London to-day, for the move
ment. Total sales of bonds $940,000.
The deadlock in the security market
has been unrelieved this week. Buyers
and sellers desist from activity, and
the result is nn almost motionless mar
ket, which' is the despair of the trading
element and also of the brokerage ele
ment, which looks to commissions for
its business profits. '
, The jnarket is hard and free from
.pressure.' but the maintenance of prices
fails to invite any absorption of stocks.
The behavior of individual stocks un
der an occasional attempt to liquidate
a small amount occasions a dread that
the^ firmness, is partly^ illusory. The
lethargy is the more notable In view
of the | accumulation of reserves in the
banks and .the;nominal rates at which
call money is loaned.
The shrinkage in domestic bank clear
ings and the deduction to be drawn as
WASHINGTON, March 5. — The
House to-day passed the Indian appro
priation bill after some controversy
relative to some provisions affecting
tribes in the Indian Territory. An un
successful effort was made by Stephens
of Texas to eliminate the provision for
continuing the Dawes commission an
other year.
An amendment by Little of Arkan
sas was adopted removing the re
strictions'on the sale or lease of lands
of all allotments of the five civilized
tribes of the Indian Territory who
are not of Indian blood except the re
strictions on the homestead. Another
amendment by Little was adopted,
which places with the Secretary of the
Interior the authority heretofore vest
ed in the Dawes commission to sell at
public sale tracts from the residue of
land belonging to the Creeks in the
Creek Nation, now unsettled and con
sisting of about 5000 acres.
"The provision authorizing and direct-
Ing the Commissioner of Indian ¦ "Af
fairs to make rules for the renting of
the homesteads and surplus lands al
lotted to full-blood Indians belonging
to the Cherokee, Creek, Choctaw and
Chickasaw Indians in the Indian Ter
ritory, or to the minor children of such
Indians, went out on a point of order
raised by Little. The bill then was
passed without division.
A bill for the relief of settlers within
the limit of the grant of land to the
Atlantic and* Pacific Railroad Company
in New Mexico was passed.
The house at 3:45 p. m. adjourned un
til Monday.
New Figures for the Loans.
Specie, Cash Reserve and
Deposits in Xew York
to decrease in business . activity Is a
factor in the current ease of money,
which deprives that fact of its power
for reassurance to speculative senti
ment. The .heavy fall in net earnings
of railroads reporting for January
gives additional force to the considera
tion of the business outlook. It is not
expected that any development will ef
fectually releaso the stock market from
its constraint until the Northern Secu
rities decision is handed down.
The bond market has shared the apa
thy of the stock market. United States
new 4's coui>on and old 4's coupon ad
vanced one-fourth per cent on call dur
ing the week. \
FORMER CONGRESSMAN' SUES
TO RECOVER HEAVY DAMAGES
Alleges Thnt He Was Illegally Im
prisoned for Si.xtecp Days in tiull-
IK'ii nt Cripple Creek.
CRIPPLE CREEK. Colo., March 5.
Attorney John M. Glover. # a former
Congressman from Missouri*, filed suit
in the District Court to-day against
Governor James H. Peabody, Colonel
Edward Verdeckberg, several mining
companies and a number of officers
and members of the Mine Owners' As
sociation, asking damages to the
amount of $150,000 for false Im
prisonment. Glover was imprisoned
sixteen days in the military bullpen
and during that period, he alleges, the
wound in his arm received in a ftght
with the militia at. his office in this
city last December was neglected, re
sulting in permanent injury.
Drink Prompts Murder and Suicide.
BLOOMINGTON. 111.. March 5". —
Charles Cohagen entered the home of
T. H. Flynn, a contractor of Win
chester, 4 while the latter was absent
last night and shot and killed Mrs.
Flynn. who was sick in bed. Cohagen
then killed himself. He had been In
Flynn's employ until he was dis
charged recently^ He had been drink
ing.
Millionaire Cudahy Recovering.
PASADENA, March 5.— Michael Cud
ahy, the Chicago millionaire packer,
who was operated upon last Tuesday
at the Pasadena Hospital for mastoi
ditis, la reported to be slightly improved
and on the way to rapid recovery of
health. Ilia condition has not been re
garded an critical at any time during
his illness.
Some new manuscripts of Tasso have
just been discovered in Italy.. They
form part of a collection of documents
bequeathed to the city of Modena by
the late Marquis de Frostni.
Escapes With Life- Imprisonment.
DENVER, Colo., March 5. — Russell
Boles was to-day found: guilty of the
murder of 12-year-old Harold Frid
born and of a brutal attack upon
Florence Fridborn. The jury recom
mended a sentence of life imprison
ment. Harold Fridborn was killed
with an ax New Year's eve. 1901, when
the boy was defending his sister. •
Small Gains Disappear Un
der Influence of Expected
Northern Securities Ruling
House of Iiepresentatives
Passes Bill Making Appro
priation for Redskin Tribes
The old 'squire lay a-dying, and his
faithful coachman was summoned to
his bedside. "Well. John," said the old
gallant, "I'm going now a longer jour
ney than ever you could drive me."
"Xever mind, 'squire, never mind,"
cried the servant in a broken voice;
"it'll be downhill all the way."—Pear
son's Weekly. ,
BANK RECORDS
STIR SURPRISE
INDIANS GAIN
BY LEGISLATION
STOCK MARKET
HAS A RELAPSE
one living in San Francisco and the
others in this State. He was held for
the action of the Grand Jury. v
tiring near here, shot and killed Fred
Peacock and perhaps fatally wounded
Peacock's father, a man of 60 years.
Thornborough is badly cut about the
head, but may recover. The fight
grew out of an effort on the part of
Thornborough to induce his wife,
from whom he is separated, to leave
the Peacock home and accompany
him.
WIXTERSET. Iowa. March 5.—Af
t*r a terrible fight, in which pistols
and knives were freely used, John
Thorn borough, a young married man
One Man Is Shot and Killed and Two
Other* Rwelve Wounds That
May Result Fatally.
FAMILY QUARREL ENDS .
I.V FATAL ENCOUNTER
Most of the day was given to the
address of Maitxe Mornard, one of
Dreyfus* counsel. He argued that the
case made against Dreyfus was a tis
sue of Invention. He closed with an
eloquent appeal, saying that the honor
of the army and Its officers demanded
the removal 'of the stain of this un
just conviction.
.An incident occurred during M.
Mornard's address when the counsel
referred to Dreyfus' great qualities of
heart and exalted character, and turn
ed toward M. Laborie, as if making a
personal appeal to have his statements
confirmed. Thereupon H. Laborie
nrose and left the courtroom, causing
some commotion. M. Laborle was
quoted as saying in the corridor that
h«» did not wish by his presence to
"•onflrm the eulogy pronounced upon
his former client's heart and char
acter.
Following II. Mornard's address the
< ourt retired, remained closeted for an
hour and then returned and gave out
the decision sustaining the appeal for
a revision of the trial and ordering a
rupplementary investigation. This de
cision from the highest tribunal in
France goes a long way toward the
complete rehabilitation of Dreyfus, the
subsequent steps being generally re
garded as formalities for carrying out
this favorable attitude of the court-
The court held that a sufficient
showing had been made to warrant a
reopening of the case and ordered a
fupplement&ry investigation for the
purpose of establishing all the doubt
ful points -which have been the bails
for the present application to reopen
the case. Th« decision Is another
marked success for Dreyfus, although
it Is not yet final, owing to the ex
tended supplementary Investigation
which must follow the court's deci
sion.
The decision was given at the close
of the third day's hearing. Compara
tively little public interest has been
taken In the sessions of the court and
the courtroom was almost deserted,
there being less than fifty persons
present at the final session. Among
those were Maltre Laborle. the famous
lawyer, who defended Dreyfus at
Rennes.
PARIS, March 5.— The criminal
branch of the Court of Cassation to
<3ya granted the appeal of Alfred
Dreyfus for a revision of his trial at
Kennes.
Kene\val of the Investigation
Probably Will Result in
the Officers Rehabilitation
PUBLIC IS ArATHETIC
Celebrated Case of Dreyfus
Will Be Keopened for Set
tlement of All Doubts
COURT GRANTS
TRIAL REVISION
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY. MARCH fi, 1004.
31
ADVERTISEMENTS.
1XCO3IPARABLE.
MAGNIFICENT
"XVI lire Tonring Cars for Rent.
Will Sell If Yon Insist.
Telephone South S05.
WHITE 'GARAGE.
* Market and i'ranklin Streets.
ADTTE&Ti&moasm.
THE VAXiUE OP CHARCOAIi.
lew People Know How Useful U Is
In Preserving Health and Beaut j.
Nearly everybody knows that char-
coal is the safest and most efficient
disinfectant and purifier in nature, but
lew realize Its value when taken into
the human system for the same
cleansing purpose.
Charcoal is a remedy ths.t the more
you take of It the better; it is not a
drug at all, bst simply absorbs the
gases and impurities always present in
the fctnmach and intestines and carries
tn-m out of the systin-..
Charcoal sweetens the breath after
tr.iukfng, drinking or after eating
oiiions and other odorous vegetables.
Charcoal effectually clears and im-
proves the complexion; it whitens the
teeth and further acts as a natural
and eminently rife cathartic
It absorbs.the injurious gases which
collect in the stomach and bowels; lt
disinfects the mouth and throat from
the poison of catarrh.
Aii druggists sell charcoal in one
form or another, but probably the
best charcoal and the most for the
money is in Stuart's Absorbent Loz-
enges; they are composed ot the finest
powdered willow charcoal and other
harmless antiseptics in tablet form or
rather in the form of large, pleasant
tiisthsg lozenges, the charcoal being
mixed with honey.
Th* daily use of these lozenges will
soon tell iu a much improved condi-
tion of the general health, better com-
liicxion, sweeter breath and purer
bluod, und the beauty of it is that no
pu^iible harm can result from their
continued .use, but, on the contrary,
Srreut benefit.
A Buffalo physician in speaking of
the benefits of charcoal says: "I ad-
\ :se Stuart's Absorbent Lozenges to
all patients suffering from gas in
Flomach and bowels and to clear the
complexion and purify the breath,
mouth ;:nd throat; I also believe the
Iiv?r is greatly benefited 1 7 the daily
use of them: they tost but 25 cents a
bos at drug stores, and although Jn
t-ome sense a patent preparation, yet
1 believe I set more and better char-
coal :it Stuart's Absorbent Lozenges 1
than in any of the ordinary charcoal!
tablets." t j
JOB BOSENBERG r S. j JOE ROSENBERG'S. . | , .JOE ROSENBERG/S. jL^Pv?! JOE ROSENBERG'S. f JOT! ROSENBERG'S. | JOE ROSENBERG'S. '^ :
T"*HIS IS ONE STORE that doesn't buy up cheap stuff with which to z:^^^^ ,<///i^^'^"^^i^ /y^r r^ r '' !r 'TJ ~' j - > V2 * ~ J-^^^N.
1 make sales. We hold firmly to the belief that goods of the highest ', / jBfr£u fel . "** ""^ -^ T * r> *^\. - sf^' \% '/ffisT • ,-—'¦>_ 5 -^\
indulge in more of the luxuries of life, all come here because *ney have been -g!^ "^ J^^^,V- >^. JL 4S$slf^L --^^^i; -^ ? '¦ _l^§§^\^lZj£g^; <YA *fo fah J I
assured, time after time, that quality is never slighted and that we are c /V .. . _~ p ¦ ii lZ^^^^^~^^—-- : J^ZlL^~^-^ ' ~^~T~~. -1_ "7 w ii~""' = i'i ¦¦¦ T^^^ZT'^^Ep"- \) • I' £%? J
never undersold. . . tpfc^-TffPTy' '^jZ/^^^^ — ?<ss=^ — <=— — = — ~ - -».- J a — y^*==--j ¦ f4^ —^ L "^H^S^^P^^^ct/. j£i ft EP m^
Wbj Not H»t Your Easter town fitied ;«3t Rscelvid Our First Shipment of Our Jljf AT THE PR8CE CUTTERS TH!5 V¥Ei^^^^^^^5^J#
Crer faKeletriM toih^ _ Spring and luU km. _ , f you appreciate a good piece of pic you win surely appre- .
(W\ Ti : t o n 1 ffl? s <f«. s .,r k "" r ' ?"*».,""•%«?..' S: ciate these offerings. Why not coms and have some ? Ladies' x— jM^gmj ~_jl fj£i
ml co!;i.. v n A .',' » hc s^S," WW Siffiv "JSTtipi^'S I000 6:NU NE SWISS CLOCKS. 8763 Yards cf EntaiCerj anJ Insert Corset >^ PRICE CITTTEI^ — „. VvT
without feeling- the constraint of t!mn ilrdfr '°^ At the Prlc* Cutter s wood ria? S ; ivory hands H^«. ™^ a low price. aer.^; felled. Nli *-SS^ -^S^i IS ' y"
stays. Fitted and warranted. For " t>uc K and nuaabers; ornamental -*-*/* i *««!^ " M«« • on heii/ £ - ><ow / vf \^ **\^ J*~ r^ . V'-.
slender, medium ana stout figures. Olove» cleaned by a dry process and. la and useful; at an extra- .cambric. r.alnsooK I Ml \~m \ \ T?si nrrT"i" ' £i
PriC€ * 35 » iuad.tolookUk.awr. A pair oc I ordinarily low price 7C Iff 1 \A
C. B. i La Sprite 'Corset;. Uon Health Protestors and Heallo S ..,59C... -SSS : They co:ne ln ** and G yard ¦ L5 u 42jS .
Made of imported cloth, circular cut C"»aro - ' ¦ « u n m i i i •, 10c quality. .*... .A yard Oc " ' ' " \
and handeored. Double rust proof side 0 lulJ. A SlH3 Q38llt 1/ 3t 3(1 XtraCfu \A\i V 12c quality . .A yard To . Vfli WiM Fall Into GMli 1 llpk T'P * StMl* fin Ynnr FinffPf
steels: lacetrimn.ee. Princess hip: fi» LADIES' DRAWERS, made n W1 " UI «<-»»» l J "V UI Olll l 15c qunlity. . . .; .A yard f)<« Illl Wl.l MIMHW COJO IJIW . I.C I Olil.li CI1 lUUI ringCI
aleo extra strong tape at the waist /W. of heavy daisy flannel, umbrel- clllii! Pi'IC2. 25c quality A yard l.> Z! Tor. Come and Inspect Some of So as not to forget to inspect some of '
p^^i^s:;2 l^sill Isil^iPii WSmSSm iT":«^^ ?£w^i§^m0i
Sale OTarrell-Street Entrance. Regular price ¦ 50c. A limited the skin, but very good drying towel. » s\V?SS k\i"bR0IDFRED I«w price, and of course w*- will sell •
quantity will be sold for.. 30c Instead of Ik, Monday and Tuesday p 3S grj VVOUe 1 Bllj TDBir LaSSS Mil. M^ HANDKERCHIEFS but- them the same way.
Pead. <| ™J^2. : S?J; S fJ I 2S» «»^f™ • * HERE IS ONE OF THE SEASONS >*$>//// A tonhol* and hemstitch- CHILD'S VEST— Made of picked
wSS^-^SS&SASS .SSSSRSSSiBSSB. Values That Are Vate Esp:ciall) ? for ™ f N . OR i! wJ £ < 1^^i£^ Oe^SFSSSB^Sa^SlSSa^
,1^1 , t W u» Empire shape, openwork beading down the front. FO b IASTEE V/EAE s***i — ~ -£l Px^r.^,?, LACE an Apiece K)c fHir n'q roMRlVATlov' m'li's— "
jp SRi^nf^ia'Js 18 -^ assffisa a ro c^r? v^ 5 n c h™??^ 1^.- of >^^ a^f^u^s o^q^^u^^ M^KoSs^n?^
ft£jy> ribbon bow. In pink. blue. T «™«« f C^ T U^ &\ r> hi « hJ y Polished Italian (frjtfSZSP* i low price. Of course of Belfast lawn, with one-half and knit. -velvet finish and medium weight."
•/^J white and black. You can- lADIES' WHITE SKIRTS. 3 sliel i. smoo th teeth. Look our patrons will get on ". ' n ch hem. Hand-made initials. high neck and Ions sleeves: ankle
.ftJSft not appreciate what a good _ 'Made of Xew YorK Mills' ' fl like the real, but not so in' " " T'ls-' . the b^n^fit ot lt They with a wrea:a of flowers^A length; open down the front, with drop r
Al^Tt! corset this is at such a f# muslin, trimmed with a 12- i ft price .2f apiece come in coral, floral and serpentine Dox or slx for • -. ••<•><! »^t. In gray, or white. Price. .,"Oc;
• \\ JP w w P rlce unless you see *^V inch flounce, hemstitched ] I ROD PINS, all the raee designs, pearl edge: the good washing GENTS 1 HANDKERCHIEFS, made INDIES* COMBINATION*
** tnem, «iiic <aV&\ tucks, also hemstitched hem. | \ i for ornamenting the hair kind: from 2 to 3 inches wide. Only on of extra heavy home-made Irish linen. C% SUITS — Made of 70- per c"ent
, , Tax Ful1 idt h and all lengths. { j a made of Italia* shell full Monday and Tuesday for Gc full size; hemstitched hem. in differ- iryy\| wool, steam shrunk; velvet fin- -
A BiS BariTH I] (I) Smjll Print j«*sC*3 At the Price Cutter's.. 55c K four inches long. A good ent widths. Special Apiece 12 He "Jllr ish. ankle length, the "Oneita"
TARLFrniTnsftn^rtnrc « SjiwL LADIES' AVHITE SKIRT, imitation, very low in price Prmo First and 6st Fl'St ChfllSfi CHILD'S HANDKERCHIEFS— Made I i \ make: fastens across i shoulders;'
bv^ inched i^H«?A^ti S - " 2 y£&$b made of Lonsdale cambric! IOC UtlHB Tllbt d.fU Obi Tl ftl lillttlbC. o f v>od white lawn, narrow, hem- I.I seamless and Blove-fltting. At
PolnVd^nrlt ind annlinl Km 6wlW cut umbrella style and LADIES' BACK COMBS Ott HAIB fTf^ 350 EEKHAHTS OF stitched .. .^Oi- a dozen, or. api-:ce l*r I A I the. Price Cutters 7.*C
Stron/£d!e the g™d waVnini kind V |^ trimmed with a 12-inch nVTAXXTUS. Extra heavy, highly l£i&_ VEILING Or THE GOOD Jftl LADIES' T IOHTS— Kid-flt-
in open" work and blind efferV TUii * flounce of embroidery, also polished teeth, in novel fancy designs. rJ^^feS SELLING KIND— In Tux- Tn U» nn9n u/Ht ITn^W *&** tins; top ati.J ankle l*»ncth: made
s a "amplJ^ lin? no two ifike 75c dust ruffle, You cannot buy In amber or shell apiece /g^^\ edo. spider web and criss- - 10 TlOniSn WnO ,\nOft. « alc - of wool-finished yarn medium
»1 00 and Jl 50 rualitv will be on o,fr , f u l " f ' mate f laI for what we LADIES' SIDE COMBS, straight or /l^^^\ cross, chenille" dotted and WE BECOMMEITO SOME OP THESE weight. The celebrated Merode brand.
bargain counter for r.n^ ask for these com P lete 05c curved back, smooth teeth, tho kind L'^fffW P^ln: all IS inches wide: W£ , ooon woas Ttt£BB tMm shruntc a ha medicated. In white
ouc On Sale ia Our Barsrala Baiement. that will not pull the hair. Regular '*•••*-- w * three-quarters, a yard and ,„!.•.¦,' « Onl >- Price ">* u " fk
Vm\rn\l*« 50c quality Pair •>.'»<• «i yard and a quarter long. Made Expresily fcr Us Under Our T AnIF c- vfsts Made of S
UmOreliaS. MnnPV-Savin? WQmfin Rpad Th ! « Cost not considered: all on Own Supervision. Ppru^an varn h eh neck and /*X
«»5 JH1S «• Vo« K»o» .WW Comfort and Health § | .T .-.-'." fM^i ;i« « >%&££& W
fi O^hCrk and up s , he N oes " T , wenty ' Black CHANTILLY LACE, from 6 j*. 2??5£« IS IW X^»nss f -• fil^'^Ill ironclad Knglish .thread, kind. W?
one steel ribs and steel to 15 inches wide; in vine, leaf and , «g| PLANITBLETTE GOWNS? NO Need Of CltCniFlS lOlu lit' 1 /jfll fast black, double heel and PANTS to match. ankle Hi
/T*T L? , ?? v w red * m!^ , fast flow " designs; pearl edge. Just the W- <TM Here is one priced very << Vhpn vnn ran v., v „,, .. nn , '*l*JlU toes. They are made in length. French band. Price... If
//.U black Italian twilled cloth, lace for skirt or waist trimming. It jfrftfo. low.- Made of. steam- }K. ) S/Zri LrKFTB £)' threc «i fferent weights-, A garment 45c "'i-
< <J^> with natural wood han- will be many moons to come before £&/TOsft shrunk daisy flannel, &$ PP L h S It MT U ? M - medium and heavy..
Jfit °'f s: , German , , " llver you will get values like this again for square yoke, with six clus- >*/ hL an nH.^nl trimLrt Zt' ¥ All sizes one price. .. .^."5c Wn}hin7 Mnr? Pnmfnrt^hlia nr Hand*
o w LHdles - a J ld A yard 1 ."c J^^A ters " f l "^s. rollin* collar rf&K. trimmed d^vn the LADIES' HOSE-Made MlM o MOFB tOIHiOnailS OF HIM)
gents, now , if c On Sale OTarrell-Street Entrmnc. - |j mm an £>,f" ff9 ' .A 1 " 1^" 1^ K w| th /JT1\ f%nt:all-sUk latin bSundi of ml Jteco yarn, fast Around the house than a nice shawl
Wa Will DNfia AR C,l« M«»J.- • " U F *? ath * r -stitched braid. /3\. *1 double breasted- lareebish- black. Rembrandt ribbed, colored silk Here are some at a low price. Made of
We Will rllCe 011 Sale MOnday Inw Prlppq h Rlhhnn? Generously made in width V?i at) no sleeves In blue Dink embroidered insteps. You will appre- all-wool zephyrs, in fancy knitted d<»-
1000 T»T(H Of ALL-SILK CHITPOK niUOgflb, and length On s^le in our /^T ' and way We ar" over- elate the low price when you see them signs: p^arl stitched border. In
VlSLmO. ° N X3* B8PECXAMY ' THE bargain basement for a limited number ~ Staked lln these, hence the at ' 25«J cream, pink and blue. Now 75c
The good French kind, high luster $&£ ftw S?°°« KINDS POB °i ua. s lor * •>« reduction. $1.50 quality -now. .. .J)8c LADIES' HOSE— >Made of fast black
in chenille and embroidered dots M J^ EASTEB WEAK. • If Vniir diet Mra-nroe 9>I «r 0C ' puzc thread, high spliced heels and HairFlilS.
in rings and leaves and dotted designs. SBbv^SP SATIN TAFFETA— II TOUl BllSI MtaoUieS 04 OF db VllHt JhMlHhP I ?IMf(rV Rill ? toes; extra long and velvet finish. Reg- , . ( •
In blue, brown, white, royal and black ftSW/TW FuI1 5 inches wide, or Here's an onnortunltv tn LcUfla 'J DIM ' ular 84.00 a dozen quality: will be sold Made of fine. Polished, hard enam-
Instead of 35c and 50c. Monday and AS^XSo fash ribbon width, and >J$ buy some walsfs very much /*¦*& It i« a« bad a. the r»« now. for a limited number of days for.. 2Sc Med wire. In crinkled straight
Tuesday '25c «pr 1'iRh luster. The .good W*jT mid^Driced mai of all (*¦>'¦ Kere'« an undergarment tnat LADIES' HOSE— Made of French Invisible and plain. Fo'r packs in a
_ . „ , . _ „ „ i/^tS^ washing kind. In pink. JC«L «ilk neau de soT/?nd taffPti" /' yon enn euil? wash mrn™ lts<le thread, fast black; in openwork cabinet at ZMtC
Easter Neckwear at Our Usual? Low- hgST V lu r- ffl a r. d , white t; /WL I"™ he™m^ n <£ '"SS; ,M lad^knTtted^Saw- ffect^, the n n tr^^^T. b PHce iiu^x^i^
Prlrori Wa« nf Cflllinrr It VS&* instead of 35c. this week (j^M tucked, others openwork t.JJz ERS— Umbrella shape; trim- E a "t™* Real worth 50c. at the Price CftlW S Weal FemS WaiSt .
nlCeU Way OI Selling It. ' C gJUJjUll fagoting; some metal and 1/ IT med with a four-inch wide cro- <- utter s 3.,c
LA.DIES' OVERCOLLAR OR RIB BIBBOW BOWS TIED PBEB BY EX- crocheted, button trimmed. If \i chetod lace;. jersey knit, , _ **--P** ? «4 Frpnrh Mi3
:-BONP^TCTOR-Ma^oVV.ff5eEn?- $&? tight fitting linings: detach- * French band and buttoned on HaT8 YCU TCOQg .t Of YOUr WdlSt Or ((SK w Is elnf r ?d
lish lawn open in the center or one \^f^ able collar, with new bishop the sides; simple and easy to ° i f Vr 2 * V\ t hmii?!.oiit »ith w a «
piece .hemstitched 0 edge Price "To Some MOFfi Gflfld R : hh0llS sleeves. It's pie for you if wash: no ironing or starching needed. freSS TOT EaStCT ? K Xhrt ta^dl
r\ RROinFRFn Frit t /t» hWtu n.UOUnj). ou wear tnat size $5 00 d $6 00 women that have tried them will wear • ' l ' cs * lul "? ICI l , l-*=O^r— > i*J\%~*yl c Ji e 'l,i*Y, -^
Tiiwwn^nrl n,t». V AR 'J 9 ITH Width 100. ALL-SILK TAFFETA \Vaists at 8X.7r* ' no others Here is some ALLOVER LACE or 7^i5^ an 1 finished with wash-
TAB— Openwork pattern; made on RIBBON, alpaca finish, corded edge.-* * * : ¦ WEBBING for trimming them. Made ..^ . m . , ah ' e . «*»>*«» buttons;
swiss cambric: in flower, leaf and hem- i u pfn k. blue, cardinal, nile. lavender. . _, -^ -^ ¦ -^ -. - - -^ — -^ A ' _..- of Point de Gene Lace; in floral and gRiJS^S^SJi '*Z£fili%2S!?j££i
stitching. Instead of 2oc. this week. bi ,^ k and white . Extra special.. 12V4c Eg EIB Pl^Ai^^Bf^n^^ TUC l^ f designs; butter color or Arabian; }> ' > "° l to 1;1Vf> > our
? P ecial 1.V- |fflB 11hB^"1 Illlfi gill InC full IS inches wide. Real worth $1.50i little ones fit their dresses over. Trie*
rr 1 L.ACE COLLAR an.l Uprp'c o fiond MnTW KiK &« I &¦ H» ff^ hP &% H^ nmnr nurrrn at the Pric Cutter's A yard !).',( • -«»C
Z^%SiJk€;>il o_ s5sS™»J ilSS" nUdLtlDLIlO PRICE-GUTTER SSJffitffe v/; ly ho! sa« Yo ; r rVeVses
U 8 s ™* S3ES |J U L 816 Market Street. ...OTarreir Street. Hr fS " SSil *™4>^ k -^
these -ay high as 40c. 'Monday and the Price Cutter's for -^mF W . s . iuesaa> a >ara «> «c ji^de of fast colors; Scotch gingham.
Tuesday '25c % :. 25c /.... _MAIL 0BDE3 S SOLICITED. " \_/ Oa Sale OTarrell-Street Entrance. Price C
ADVERTISEMENTS.
EasternOltiiCo.
I320I328 Stockton St ,
Heir Brotdwiy.
WE TRUST THE PEOPLE.
This Week's Special.
FOLDING GO-CARTS, f*U.U5.
Regular price. $1.75. This cart In a ROlid
maple frame, perforated back, rubber tires.
One of the best folding cart* ever shown
in thl« city.
Reclining . . Go-
Carts. adjustable
back and foot.
ftreen enamel steel >^Ss
gearing, rubber jfj9^
tires, stop brake, Sy
close woven rsed Bf
bedy, extra quality tl
eatln lined. lace ¦ U
. covered and flounced If
paranol. This cart s mil S
positively w» never JyH ¦
»"Old for lers than a»»ti
?15.CO. This we. k. 1»H
while they last, Rg
We have bought l|B
an entire lot of car- 516
pet samples ¦ of one KV
of the largest man- - rK\
ufacturers in Phil- . .j[J
adelphia. Over C50O ilV
pifcen. In all qual- Mjl* I
itiea and grades. A^?K
Ingrains, all wool . [l//jBJ
and part wool. 1 y>1. If/J/jJi
by 1 % yds, only tr('V«L.
lT'.ic each. ' yWg(\
Axmlnsters. Body tfiatfc
Hru«wcK Tapestry >^7i^^.
and Wilton, ranging JL\J"L/\\
in price from 35c C«S£S£7I
10 We call special
attention of hotel f^^f%J\f[/^\
and rooming- house ff^olsf-f^^j B
keepers to this tarn- fJI^OL^jV^rH?
pie line of carpets. \~/y£fT /ttS^/
as they make ele- SfaJ^jV/ l.Xjr
Kant rues for bed-
roomi. Come early
and ret your pick.
¦ We furnish ' houeea ccmplete.
! All cars lead to our' store.
Country orders solicited.
B A MILLION GRANDMAS all over ¦
0 .JM^'^vTV America point to OASOARBTS I]
5 f&F^ \\-X' \Vga Candy Cathartio as tlxa most per- ||
*3 fr '" v j£«& feet family medicine ever, discov-
H I j- -¦C^wl3§«U k ered. Good, kind, tender-hearted
a I • xj*^ "" • old soul — grandma tries to help
S ft V O^ \1!1sbwIJI :;:: «! others by tellinsr of the good things
d r Jt^^k. «l5§5f^§i*?4 she has learned through experience
a [ / -*1 Mr*\. wRSSHBn and so the sale of CASC ABETS ia
9 \£?S*| fT^^sU^^-^i^ OVER A MILLION BOXES A
I p* ¦ Jn , MONTH. Years of experience -with
I / /"jv Jg%Bfife»y her own health, and grandpa's and
3 V JL KSPfni rffgflBfgflr ner children's, and her children's
a vf^Sda?\2«i^'2iffl5i§§F^ children's have taught srrandma
I V \\SZ**&^IjEzB#fiL that OASCARETS Candy Cathar-
3 1 \\y^pr ". ci BKBRbZ\ tic are tho only perfect medicine |
1 I svS&BSi'-S. for a11 bOT 61 troubles, children's rj
/j I jJA$$3BBfcr diseases, diseases of the stomach E
I V A i*^SWj8Sn and liver, sick headaches, bilious- ffl
a ness, and bad blood. Best for the |j
I bowels. All druggists, 10c, 25c, if
1 J^Y««M|ftjpgS?BrB* 50c " Never sold in bulk. Genuine li
S tablet stamped C C O. Sample and C
I' &fMttSplWBp ' booklet free. Address H
Si -^uf^fJI^ "They make STERLING REMEDY COMPANY, f]
39 AftR Jmt ne f cct Chicago or New York. v\
|^^^^^CJ=LWD"Vr CATHARTIC I
9 ANNUAL SALE -TEN MILLION BOXES j
M Greatest in the World _ m JTo-wnsend's California glace fruits and
candies. 50c a pound. In artistic fire
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market at., above Call Mdg •
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and 'public men by tt«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cal
ifornia street. Telephone Mala 1042. *
' t A .Chinese' bought a-[Modoc County ; squaw - for $100
a .few days since and then hastened to ; the _San ' Fran
cisco. slave market ; to; sell, his- property fdr ten times
what he,: had paid for • it. fit sometimes ¦requires a; blunt
presentation of a fact to arouse our attention to.a,con
dition of affairs that should 'be ;: intolerable,^ in ,a ; civilized
country'/ The ; brutal : certainty with' which this coolie
invested : i $100 "'"• in I a* human being '"and his 'confidence ; in
reaping v a : profit should 5 cover us^ % with 'shame.^
What changes have taken place in
the history of Japan during the past
half century its present position testi
fies to in a thousand ways." It seems
incredible that only as recently as 1853
Christians were forbidden to* set foot
on Japanese soil under penalty ''of
death, yet such was the case.' One
edict, inscribed on tablets of:" wood and
stone. as\the "Tokio Sun Trade Jour
nal" reminds. us, ran: "So long as the
sun shall warm the earth let no Chris
tian be so bold as to come to Japan;
and let all know that the King" of Spain
himself or the Christian's God; or the
Great God of All, if he violate this com
mand shall suffer for it with his head."
Fifty Years Ago
THE present war between "Russia and Japan, is likely
to decide more question* * than- that of. the f/Uure
ownership of . Korea and Manchuria. ; Besides;, the
diplomatists and, thec statesmen, who are- follovving.evcry.
move of events with the keenest '.interest,' there are the
coldly speculating builders * of .war engines, ' who . hope to
gain .from this struggle a decision' upon mooted points: in
the science. of naval warfare, .which have remained >un-,
decided since the first shot of the Monitor: in .Hampton
Roads announced that 'an old order had passed 'away and
that man's, mcthod'of killing his ; fellow upon > the i seas
would thenceforth'be, altered.;; ./""•.,,",'
The value of: the torpedo-boat as an offensive weapon
upon -, the seas,. a'\ question whichhas been 'secoriid to', none
in importance siriee their use became the subject of the
The Grand Jury is' troubling^ its' inquisitorial self to;dc
termineVwhy. the j administration of justice and the ¦inflic
tion of punishment in • our police courts are notoriously
lax. "Doesn't the^ Grand Jury, know that men. whose con
duct it is the duty "of police courts ' to • exploit and" cor
rect are. persistently active at the polls?
>.. .¦""-'¦¦f- . ' .¦ ¦¦'¦.'¦ '¦-'¦'" '" "' "*-'¦¦'* '¦ '' '»••»' "'. "•***? '*» ¦- : .'
COLOR— Parent. City. The custom
of selecting color for Infants' clothing,
white for girls and blue and white for
boys, had its oripjjn in France, and the
color is selected as the children are
dedicated to saints. After such dedi
cation the clothing of the children ?s
the same in color until they attain the
age of six or seven. - The custon) has
spread to all parts of the world and
in some instances some girls wear the
dedication color, whiter until majority
is reached.
THE USE OF THE TORPEDO-BOAT.
" Revolution still smolders in ¦ the Philippines- and the
occasional murders that rob us of soldiers may bef taken
simply as vagrant signs of a disturbed antl - turbulent
people. The* military, authorities 'have said this and it
must- be so. The Filipinos are>determined to impress
upon us forcibly the fact that you cannot without harm
to yourself coerce a people either for better- or worse.
MARRIAGE — City Subscribers, City.
At this time marriages must be
solemnized in California. So-called
contract marriages are no longer rec
ognized. Children born to parents out
of wedlock would no doubt be entitled
to a share of the father's property un
der the law applicable to natural
children.
not dare do
An Oakland negro, bubblinpr- with booze and melody,
attempted ,a few^nights; since to make a' couple dance a
cake walk; or die. The • affrighted" man ¦ and .woman did
neither, thanks to the timely appearance i of the police,
although they." professed tlieir preference for the latter
alternative if they had -to either! . The 'cake walk
is rightly in the category.of actions "decent people may
.' Of course the Island being some dis
tahce v from the land it was impossibln
for* the foxes to get off - and so fences
were not necessary. This winter came
with"- its cold weather and gradually
the water between Triton Island and
the. mainland closed slowly until finally
the ..wide . passage was covered with
thick ice which could support a man or
a "team, for that matter.
: All this had been going on so quietly
that Mr. Sklllings had quite failed to
think of what this rapidly forming ice
A, gentleman' named Skillings of
Bangor . recently started a new in
dustry on. an .-island .off the coast be
tween Machias and Jonesport, Me. This
: wes fox raiding. He believed that there
was money to be made in raising foxes
for. their ,h!des and so leased what Is
known as Triton Island, some distance
off the coast. Having secured the isl
and he went West and 'bought about
sixty of the- finest furred .and most
hardy foxes he could find, paying for
some of them as high as $500 apiece.
These he placed on the island last fall
and started his fox form with every
prospect that his novel plan would be
a success.
Fox Farm a Fdihire.
CIGAR SIGN— Subscriber, City. It !s
said that an Indian holding a hand
of tcbacco leaves was, for a long time
in the United States, used as a to
bacconist's sign, because tobacco is an
American plant and it was first of
fered to the whites by the Indians of
the American continent.
WHERE THEY LIVE— H. C. R.
Ukiah, Cal. Mark Twain lives at Sod
Elm street. New Haven, Conn. Andrew
Carnegie at 2 East Ninety-first street.
New York City. The /tddress of Ad
miral Dewey is Washington, D.-C.
I THE WORLD'S FAIR — R. L. C.
City. Eleven of the buildings at the
World's Fair at St. Louis are perma
nent structures. It is probable that
after the fair all other structures' will
be taken down.
ARTIST— C. P. S., City. A first-class
"pictorial artist" and a first-class
"lltho artist" in San Francisco com
mands a salary according to his abil
ity. There 13 no fixed salary.
OLD DATES— A. O. S.. City. May
14, 1873. fell on a Wednesday and No
vember 3, 1383, on a Saturday.
Ansivcrs to Queries.
In the old days, when the torchlight
procession and the glaring red lights
and the sizzling rocket contributed to
the gayety of politics, lere. existed dur
ing one Presidential campaign a band
cr stalwarts known as the Hancock
Guards of Oakland. The war horses
of Democracy across the, bay were
members of this old-line and old-time
marching club.
Their leader was one Captain Pat
O'Kane, as faithful a Democrat as ever
cast a ballot, and possessed of a sturdy
figure that loomed up grandly in the
red-shirted uniform of the Hancock
Guards, One night, a memorable one,
the j Guards 200 strong, came to San
Francisco to march in a grand Demo
cratic outpouring. Captain O'Kane was
at their head, strong In party fealty
but a bit. shy in military tactics. He
got his men together at the ferry land
ins and with band behind him started
up Market street for the place of ren
dezvous.
Alas, O'Kane saw approaching a
string of cable cars. He- was In a di
lemma that fairly made him shudder.
He did not know how to get his force
out of the wav of those cars. "Right
obliqxie," "left oblique," and such tech
nical commands were as Greek to the
doughty commander. But like an in
spiration from Mars,, a thought caught
the- captain. Of a sudden, with a yell
that pierced the night air. O'Kane turn
ed to his torch-bearers and cried:
"Split in the middle and let them
cars go through." ; ..ri;*'
Emergency Tactics.
Rear Admiral Sotokichi Uriu, 47 years
of age, the victor of Chemulpo, grad
uated from the United Stales Naval
Academy at Annapolis in 1881. When a
cadet he accompanied "General Saigo
on a Japanese expedition to Formosa
ir. 1874. He comes of a very old Sam
urai (noble) family of Kaga. on the
Japan Sea. His Governjment^ picked
him out as one of the cleverest, most
daring, students of the Japanese Naval
Academy, am' sent hli- to this country
to study.' Befdre he became rear ad
miral he commanded the cruiser Mat-
EUFhima, and the- first-class battleship
Yashlma. During the war with China
• •"•ns a naval attache to *h** .TTnjn.vi«'se
Embns.-y ir Paris. S'rce his promotion
he has been chief of the Bureau of
Naval Intelligence of the Navy De
partment, a part of the general staff
of the Japanese War Office. It was he
who planned the great naval war
game last year, which was subsequent
ly viewed by the Emperor himself at
Kobe.— Review of Reviews. " '
The first Japanese leader, in point of
service, is Field Marshal Yamagata,
the highest military authority in the
empire. He is over 65 years of age,
a veteran of many wars, having begun
service in the struggle which restored
the Emperor's power in 1868. In 1872,
he was Assistant Secretary of War, the
next year a lieutenant general, and, in
1S75, Secretary of War. As chief .of
the royal staff in the rebellion of 1876 he
was the real general in chief who led
the imperial forces to \-Ictory. As a
reward -he was *>-omoted to the full
rank of general. He has been three
times Prime Minister, and has also
held various other positions in the
Cabinet. In 1894 he commanded the
first army that invaded Manchuria
against the Chinese. After the war he
was made marquis and field marshal.
After Japan had been deprived of the
fruits of her victory by the action of
Russia, France and Germany, Yama
gata was appointed special Embassa
dor to St. Petersburg to negotiate for
the preservation of the independence of
Korea. There he effected the treaty
which is the basis of Japan's latest de
mands upon Russia. Considering his
age and health, it Is improbable that he
will take the ' A& in the present cam
paign against the Fussia^.s, but will act
somewhat as did Von Moltke in the
Franco-Prussian war.
Japanese Leaders.
charge of the Tularc Judge.- ¦ ¦ -. " . .
' The Folsom convicts" who killed' the .guards while
escaping from prison set up the plea of self-defense.
It is easy ,to, see that all such characters. .would readily,
from their moral standpoint and their view., of; the law,
act upon the theory that, they .were- justified in killing
officers to' avoid arrest. * Perhaps ; the beneficiary of '.his
Judge's charge is an estimable citizen, who deserved
to be. acquitted,, but -he lost a fiuc, opportunity to teach
the- community a lesson when' he failed '¦¦ to carry his
rights into court, instead of shedding blood in their
vindication. ,: ' ! . . ' y
, Ah "arresting officer is liable to be mistaken in taking
a supposed 'offender into custody, but he is not thereby
guilty of ; a capital crime justifying the. arrested party in
summarily executing him. The proper course under
such circumstances is not left out of the' law. An arrest
precedes ah* appearance before a court, where -the mis
take is corrigible and its victim. has recourse in a civil
action against, the officer, if the circumstances warrant it.
Onc ( man is legally justified in killing another only when
his own life is 'in jeopardy. '., If the Judge had charged
the jury 1 . that the homicide was .justified if the .officer
were menacing the other man's life and caused him, to
think he was in imminent peril, he. would have been
more -nearly within the law. :
Chris Evans was a <ytizen of- Tularc County *and is on
record to the . effect that he -did not. .believe he was
guilty of any crime in robbing, trains, since he was only
avenging upon corporations the , wrongs they; had. done
to the people whose champion he was. He has declared
that if he made a mistake it was; an error of the head
and not of the heart," a mere mistake in judgment. V As
he made himself the judge of whether he had committed
an offense, justifying arrest, Kis subsequent i career, in
which we. believe he materially reduced the peace estab
lishment of several counties,' seems to.be in line with the
IN charging a jury in a 'murder case in Tulare County
• • the Judge saidj "Where no offense has been com
mitted by aT* person,, nor in the presence of the
arresting officer, such person has a right to resist the
arrest and may use all necessary means to; regain his
liberty." . *"'"•.¦ - • ;
Begging pardon ' for differing, we must insist that
killing the arresting officer is not the use of proper
means. This seems to have! been the. point, at. issue. The
accused had. killed • an' officer who had ¦ arrested him,
and we suppose was acquitted under the -Judge's charge
to "the" jury. - If that charge is to be taken as law, then
every person who is arrested is made the judge of
whether ..he' has 'or has not J committed an offense to
justify, taking him into custody. Under such circum
stances peace officers would better increase their life
insurance and wear armor.
RESISTING OFFICERS.
As a result of recent agitation over
the communicability of disease by shell
fish taken from waters polluted by sew
age, there have been numerous Investi
gations of the subject by biologists In
Europe and the United States. The last
report of the British Royal Commis
sion on Sewage Disposal considers in
derail the progress made in recent in
vestigations, and states that there is
no doubt that many cases of typhoid
fever, as well as other diseases, are
caused by eating shellfish obtained
from waters contaminated by sewage.
So serious was the evil. In the opinion
of the commission, that the only sat
isfactory method of coping with it was
to confer on some competent authority
absolute jurisdiction over tidal waters
from which were taken shellfish for
human food, in order that no supplies
whatsoever should be derived from pol
luted waters. The commission also
realized that some definite standard of
purity must be established, as they
were able to find the bacillus coli, which
is considered to indicate the presence
of h_man pollution, in nearly all of
1000 oysters which were examined bac
terloTogically. As many of these speci
mens came from waters known to be
very pure, it presented a difficulty
which will require further research to
remove. It has, however, been demon
strated that shellfish should not be
grown, stored or fattened In water to
which any possible pollution may come.
—Harper's Weekly.
Ovsters and Disease.
The battleship Missouri bumped into the Illinois re
cently and inflicted various and serious injuries to that
floating fortress. It is becoming more apparent every
day that^when Uncle Sam lets his fighting ships out to
play he should send a guardian along with them to see
that no unnecessary harm is done to the neighborhood.
We have many reasons to give thanks for being at peace
with the world. .
"Oh, dat's all right, all right,
Dutchy," came floating back the an
swer, "I jest wanted ter borry yer glim
for ter light me cigareet! Tanks!"
Charlie Henke is a member of the
local Musicians' Union. Since the early
days Charlie has blown sweet sounds
through "bias" instruments and. not un
j til recently has his soaring melody
ever come to grief. * The annual elec
tion of the Hanoverian Verein had late
ly taken place, and according to custom
its new president was to be serenaded.
Charlie was Instructed to provide four
pieces of brass. The band duly ar
1 rived at the president's house In the
southern part of- town. The night was
very dark, so a candle was procured
to read the music by, stuck upon a
post and lighted.
The melody had just,, begun to peal
out on the night air when suddenly Into
the lighted circle there sauntered a
! typical San Francisco tough. He step
ped up, and taking the candle, leis
urely proceeded to light his cigarette
with it. When he had obtained a sat
j Isfactory light he coolly blew out the
j candle, put it back on the post and
j walked off. In the meantime the
1 eclipsed musicians were choking with
rage, but their mouths being already
engaged with the • instruments they
could not remonstrate. They gasped
and struggled heroically with the mu
sic, but to no avail. Like the candle,
the brazen song flickered In the night
air and then it; too, went out. Char
lie was overcome with mortification and
; rage. •
! "Donner wetter du schafsnase— Du
I gaukelthier— Rindviet! \ Warum hast
i du unser licht genommen?" he called
! out.
Why the Music Stopped.
To-day I met her — Spring—
Tender, rapturous, sweet-lipped thing!
I kissed her eyes and she smiled again.
Smiled through her tears as sunlit rain.
I've walked with her all this woudrous
day.
Whispering secrets, lover-way;
She knows the pain of my winter heart.
Prisoned In grim town walls 1 , apart
From the riotous, vagabond god, young
Pan.
Whose child I've been since the world
began;
Knows how my fretted spirit cried
For upland hopes, green spaces wide.
I laid my head on her perfumed breast.
Where the early blossoms cling soft
pressed.
And the sky seemed set with violets —
Oh. Love remembers and Love forgets.
Could you not hear her — Spring —
Bidding the homesick bfrda to sing?
You did not see her face, you say?
The birds were mute, the skies were
gray?
Poor holden sense! — She called to me
Till I thrilled with passionate ecstasy.
To-day I met her — Spring —
Wild, alluring, flower-eyed thing!
— Smart Sot.
Her Coming.
To give examples of the domestica
tion of yellow journalism in the island
empire is not so difficult as it Is in
credible. The Japanese are a most
adaptive people. Western ideas appeal
to them strongly, and it seems that
psychologically they have much in
common with Americans. They are
quick to see a practical advantage and
quicker to apply it. With them, adver
tising, for instance, is carried on with
a perfection that makes the Westerner
marvel, and for the purpose of secur
ing advertising the yellow section has
copied all the latest stunts of the most
approved school for booming circula
tion. The plan of hiding bags of gold
in out of the way places and publish
ing stories in the paper giving clews
to the caches, which has been tried so
successfully by the London Mail and
several of the American newspapers
has borne Its full fruition in Japan.
Their method was to conceal a token
and publish in some obscure part of
the paper directions how to find it, the
finder of the token to receive a hand
some reward of so many yen. At once
this created a furor. It seemed as if
the native population was token-mad.
Of course there was nothing very re
markable about that. The same thing
happened in Boston last year. For
a time it divided attention with the
question of war. But doubts began to
arise about the honesty of the trans
action. Most of the papers had taken
It up and It seemed that they always
allowed a certain fixed time to elapse
between the publication of the an
nouncement and the time for the com
mencing of the search. When the crit
ical moment came It was generally
found that some one on the staff or
at least indirectly connected with the
paper got the token.
No sooner had this run its course
than the Chuo resorted to the Inevi
table lottery, which was held at the
end of each month for the benefit of its
subscribers, the prizes being 20 yen
debentures of the Industries Bank. The
Nlroku, with a policy truly American,
followed suit with more prizes and of
larger value. The Hochi, 'not to be
outdone, then put out the scheme that
worked the best of all. It was the old
promise of a prize to any one who
could discover the typograpical error
in its advertising sheet. When it be
came known that the ads of Hochi
would be read carefully by a large
number of people, it at once Jumped
into first place as a medium. The mer
chants, seeing how the lottery ticket
craze brought business -to the papers,
at once began to advertise that with
certain amounts of goods purchased
lottery tickets would be given away
and it had all the desired effect that
doubling the number of green trading
stamps has in this country. For the
time Tokio was lottery-mad. Finally
the police were forced to interfere and
now yellow journalism is looking about
for some new thing that is not such a
flagrant violation of the anti-gambling
laws. But it paid while it lasted.
Like yellow journalism elsewhere,
after all the' funds for the poor and
*the bureaus for this and that are dis
counted, there is the news incident
ally. The retailing of delectable bits
of scandal, of course. Just at present,
takes the shape of violently sensational
war news, which is rushed on the street
of Tokio in the shape of extras with a
rapidity and unreliability that com
pares favorably .with Park row In the
days of the Spanish war. Everybody
••eads these extras and, strange to say.
It is not to be understood, however,
that the entire Japanese press is yel
low. Far from it. There are at least
three notable exceptions which would
rank high in journalism under any civ
ilization. Cut the majority of papers
of Tokio and Yokohama have evolved
characters that would do credit to any
yellow journal here. This section of
the Japanese press is young, and is
sowing Us wild oats with a zest that
would make the most blase of New
York yellow journalists green with
envy.
Of course, the rubbing* in is done in
the most polite fashion, the Dempo ed
itor expressing himself something like
this: "It gave most base me very great
pleasure, most honorable editor of the
divine Chuo, to see that your most au
gust Journal deigned honorably to quote
from my vile Dempo a mean paragraph
this morning." And without the faint
est intention of sarcasm, either! Of
course, this self-abasement Is mere
form — the Japanese could not be other
than polite or display the slightest an
noyance if he tried — but in nine cases
out of ten the honorable editor of the
Dempo is right when he calls his jour
nal "vile," and the paragraph "base."
For Japan is in the grip of a "yellow
peril" in journalism which would send
a. Democratic convention fleeing in
panic from Chicago to Cape Horn, in
stead of stopping at St. Louis.
Few Americans realize to what an ex
tent the dally newspaper has grown in
the last decade In "little" Japan, with
her 40,000,000 people. In Tokio, for in
stance, there are no less than twelve
native daily papers, while the foreign
press of the capital and Yokohama is
valued at Eomething like 227.000 yen, a
yen being approximately 50 cents in
our money. Tokio has its press club
also, called the Japanese Journalists'
Union, where the knights of the fourth
estate meet to retail thrilling stories
of newspaper daring in eluding the
Russian press censor in Manchuria and
getting in a sensational beat for the
Dempo, which the Chuo pilfers in its
next issue.
(From th« Brooklyn Eagle.)
Lively Japanese Press.
+ h
might mean to his new industry, and
one morning he awoke to find that
every fox had escaped from the
island to the mainland and had taken
to the heavy growth of timber which
covers much of this section of the coast.
Mr. Skillings Instituted searches and
scoured the surrounding country, but
he has not succeeded in recovering ona
of the animals. The sixty foxes, many
of which were extremely valuable, ag
gregated an amount of man^ thousands
of dollars, and the loss give's every In
dication of being a total one.
It was shown ttyat the seizures of British/ ships were
the act of the United States, injurious to British sub
jects. We abided by the result and agreed upon a judi
cial arbitration of the indemnity, and when the award
was made we paid it. We then arbitrated with Russia
the seizures of American ships when she "was our partner
in the mare clausum. This arbitration was in the Hague
court, and Russia promptly paid the damages awarded.
In that transaction all claims have been arbitrated and
paid to the sufferers, except what the United States owes
to its own citizens for their ships and property confis
cated in Bering Sea. Of course justice and honor re
quire that these should be paid also.
Now here is a series of issues, each involving a casus
belli, that might have led to war in collection of debts,
had the losing nation refused to keep faith and abide by
the results of arbitration.
In individual litigation, before judicial courts,' every
judgment becomes a finality, because the. court, has the
power to enforce its decree. At that point the analogy
between judicial courts and international arbitrations
ceases. International -courts can render judgment but
cannot enforce execution. A newspaper, discussing -the
recent award at the Hague giving preference in payment
of the Venezuela claims to the blockading powers, la
ments that the blockading powers were not punished and
says: "The Hague court, like the rest of mankind, has
not outgrown respect for force. It would be a' most em
barrassing outcome were the. United States, as the friend
and promoter ofarbitration and protester against bom
bardment in international finance/herself to find it need
ful to do some bombarding."
That is more than a superficial view, it is foolish. If a
nation, party to arbitration,.' refuse to abide by it, what
good is arbitration unless there be power to enforce it?
What is needed just now to vindicate arbitration is rigid
enforcement of its judgments,, completing the analogy
between' judicial and arbitral courts. Our nationals' have
been despoiled byJthe Latin-American governments. The
spoliation has been arbitrated and the spoilers, have re
fused to pay the judgments. Unless there is power to
enforce such judgments, arbitration is a vain thing. The
United States should not flinch a 'moment in bombarding
the ports of any nation that sneaks out of paying such a
judgment, if our. citizens are concerned. Otherwise ar
bitration will fall into disuse, and the Hague s Pahce of
Peace will be a Palace of /oily. ,_ r
The arbitrators found Great Britain responsible for the
acts injurious to our citizens, and demanded that $15,
000,000 damages be paid to them by that Government.
Great Britain had agjeed by treaty to abide by the re
sults of arbitration. Had she refused to do so after the
award was made, it would have been a cause of war,
which again would have been the collection of private
debts by war. But. she" was honorably mindful of. her
obligation and faith, and promptly paid the award, which
was distributed to our injured citizens upon proof of
their losses. Next we arbitrated the fishery claims with
Great Britain, which were private debts, and when the
award was apainst us we paid it.
Another issue arose over the claim that Bering Sea
was a mare clausum. under the jurisdiction of the mu
nicipal law of the United States. Russia made the same
claim for her half of Bering Sea. Both Governments
seized and libeled the sealing ships of their own and
other nationals. Great Britain demanded of us indemnity
for the ships, stores and cargoes of her subjects that we
confiscated in Bering Sea. We refused, claiming that as
a marc clausum the law of the sea did not extend to those
waters. Here was another cause of war,. in which Great
Britain would have made war to collect private debts.
But both nations resorted to arbitration. The issue was
tried out in the Paris arbitration and was decided against
us. - - ' f. ¦. , . ' -1" •
It is a principle of international law that when an in
jurious act is done or permitted by a government ftiat
government becomes responsible and must respond with
indemnify to the individual. ' At the close of our Civil
War we called on Great Britain to indemnify our citizens
for losses incurred in the seizures made on the-high seas
by the Alabama. England denied liability. Therefore we
could have declared war. which would have been war for
the collection of debts due individuals. But, instead, we
resorted to diplomacy and out of it issued the Geneva
arbitration. S!
THE plan of the Hague tribunal is most beneficent.
It provides a for. war, by projecting the
judicial process into issues *o which nations are a
party. Time was that in issues, between individuals the
only finality was a' trial of strength. For this the trial
by ordeal was substituted. Finally the judicial method
appeared by a process of evolution, and, the body of the
law grew* up. The law fixed the rights of person and
property, and the j courts applied its principles to all is
sues that affected either. But in issues between" r nations
the primitive method remained, and they were settled by
a trial of strength and were arbitrated by war.
The first step forward from this method of such mag
nitude as to attract the attention of the world was the
Alabama arbitration between the United States' and Great
Britain. The Confederate cruiser had been built, armed
and fitted out in an English port. Its building and per
mission to arm, coal and sail were in violation of Eng
land's, neutrality. The several acts were by the consent
of the British Government. They led to the injury of
American citizens, whose property at sea was lost as a
consequence of those acts.
"Oh, I don't mean In that way, part
ner," the reporter answered, "but let
me te,ll you; don't let that medical stu
dent .hand you any chloroform. I
wouldn't let him doctor a sick cat of
mine. He's a tramp and doesn't know
his business. He is working here for
glory and the only pay he receives
from the Board of Health is when he
performs an operation. He's got the
pull or he couldn't stay here a minute.
If he gets you under the influence you
can gamble that when you wake up
you'll be minus a limb."
"Well," said the faker, "just buy a
ticket that he will not operate on me.
I don't like his looks, anyhow." Inside
of ten seconds the man who was look-
Ing for damages had dressed himself
and was out on the street. And he
didn't move to funeral time at that.
The reporter, satisfied that the pa
tient was putting on all the. agony,
got close to him and in a. confidential
way remarked, "Say, old man, you are
certainly up against it."
"I know I am," he replied, "and the
railroad company will have to pay
dearly for this."
It is a strange thing how so many
people try to get on a damage suit
against the railroad company.
One night a man was brought Into
the Central Emergency Hospital to be
treated. He claimed that he had been
knocked down . by a cable car and he
was positive In his assertions that his
back was broken.
Dr. Harvey was on duty at the time.
After a most careful examination the
doctor turned to a reporter who was In
the operating room and whispered,
"There is nothing the matter with this
fellow; he is a sure enough faker, but
I'll. put on a dressing as a matter of
form."
Among Those Injured.
That unanimity of the press in fos
tering the war spirit in Japan was well
illustrated recently by a meeting of
Tokio and Osaka journalists who ad
vocated war, in the kowai-do "public
hall" of Osaka. There were over 2500
delegates present indulging in the most
impassioned- and inflammatory oratory,
appealing to national patriotism and
virtually calling for the resignation of
the Ministry.
To show how little the papers ac
tually knew of the status of affairs
the Shogyo Slumpo flatly contradicted
the Dempo and asserted that the Gov
ernment had "absolutely determined on
war unless its proposals were accepted
by Russia in toto." The Shogyo repre
sents the interests of the business men
of Japan. The Nippon, which repre
sents the extreme of Japanese chauvin
ism, took its stand along with the Dem
po. The Yomlruri, Hoehi, Chuo. Jim
inin and other minor journals also com
mitted themselves to policies uniting
abuse of the procrastinating Cabinet,
and loud applause of Koko Hironka,
who was the president of the proposed
Diet which was in open hostility to the
Government.
Whether the papers create the want
or the want the papers is too meta
physical a question, but the truth of
the situation js that the war spirit has
control-of everybody except those at
the head of the movement.
As if the existing: yellowness was not
deep-dyed enough another Journal has
entered the field which eclipses them
all. This is the Dempo (Telegraph),
which is at swords' points with the rest
of the press for not being yellow
enough. Its motto is. "Let us fight and
win, let us fight and lose, but let us
fight." How the paper exists is a won
der from a financial standpoint, for it
sells for 10 sen a month, which is,
roughly, one-twenty-fourth of a cent a
copy and with a circulation of 100,000
would yield only 334 yen daily. But it
is widely read and before the beginning
of the war grew daily more violent. One
of its recent utterances was that "the
government is prepared to yield every
thing to Russia." and the flowery
abuse of the Cabinet for this suppo
sititious policy was something fearful
and wonderful to read.
great Importance Is attached to every
thing that attains the sacredness of
print, despite the fact that each suc
cessive canard Is scarcely In type . be
fore it is contradicted. The only way
for one to avoid getting the most dis
torted news is to be read only the Jiji,
the Kokumin or the Asahi, and they are
only better because they discredit the
scare heads of the other papers. These
three papers represent the best conser
vative sentiment, but they are pow
erless to stem the tide of sensational
ism. The JiJl has adopted recently a
rather novel plan of overcoming' this
abuse of extras by publishing: the news
in its morning edition, with the proviso
that "unless something unusual de
velops, there will be no extras," the is
suing of an extra having become now
adays the rule rather than the excep
tion. Of Vourse, as the day advances,
most of the other papers flood the city
with extras, which are devoured rav
enously. Nobody seems, to notice or
to care for the fact that the absence
of a Jiji extra practically discredits the
news.
Already there have been prognosticated by the experts
the effects this engagemenf.will have upon, naval con
struction. When a* battleship of 15,000 tons and costing
three million dollars is just as liable to sudden extinc
tion as a cruiser, a lighter, swifter,' cheaper and more ef
fective machine in the exigencies of a long sea cam
paign, it is probable naval architects will begin to profit
by the fate of the Retvizan and Cesarevitch.and advocate
vessels which, if blown up, will not carry with them so
much treasure.
disputes of experts, seems to have. received partial solu
tion at Jeast^rom the action which opened the present
struggle on the' night of February, 8. At that' time Jap
anese torpedo-boats, by" making' a brave midnight dash
into the very center of the Russian fleet at Port Arthur,
succeeded 1 in 'disabling two " first-class battleships and a
cruiser with their explosives and escaping before the
guns of the'fleet could be turned upon them. These
craft were armed with the latest model of torpedo,
which is self' steeringand has such a motor power that,
even launched beyond- the limit | of effective searchlight
rays, it is reasonably sure to find its mark. The Japanese
torpedo-boats used on the Port Arthur attack were the
highest models of their class.
This action probably will go a long way to place defi
nitely the sphere of the. torpedo-boat' in the efficiency of
naval maneuvers. It must, be used as a night weapon,
for a sudden dash and away again, before the enemy can
recover from surprise. Our Spanish war demonstrated
conclusively enough the utter uselcssness of this craft in
a general daylight attack. When the battle off Santiago
was fought the Spanish. torpedo-boats, Furor and Pluton,
though making no endeavor to take the offensive, were
sunk by the converted yacht Gloucester before they had
proceeded two miles' from the harbor mouth.' The con
tention of many, of the experts on our own naval boards,
that the frailness of the torpedo-boat negated any capa
bility it might have for offense in daylight attack, seems
to have found confirmation in this instance. The Port
Arthur night .attack .has already been taken by the ex
perts, as an equally strong assurance that the torpedo
boat has nevertheless a very important place in naval
warfare.
CAN ARBITRATION BE ENFORCED?
THE SAN FRANCISCO^: GALL,^ SUNDAY, ; > MARCH^6,;. 1904.
JOHN D. SPREGKELS, Proprietor .> . ... ... .Address; All CommtmicationV to JOHN HcNAUGHT. Manager
Publication Office ...... .... ......... .^... ....'.: <l$^M[^£y .'....Third and Market Streets, S. F.
SUNDAY. .......... ... ....... :.^... ..... .. ... .... ...;......;..;:.»...;.... r.:....~..MARCH 6, 1904
32
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESComplaint was filed yesterday In the
office of the Board of Public Works by
J. M. Manning of 2711 Bush street
that certain parties were grading the
JIORE GRADING BEING
DONE WITHOUT PERMIT
till yesterday, when the husband and
father, an industrious mechanic, ap
peared in court and stated that his
wife was a hopeless inebriate and that
for the sake of the child he had de
cided to divorce her. The Judge com
mended his resolution and allowed the
unfortunate woman to depart.
roadway, of Twenty-sixth street, be
tween Diamond and Douglass, bellow
the proper level. It was ascertained
that no permit had been issued for
the grading of the street.
.The workmen were taking rock
from the middle of the street, which
la now thirty inches below the official
level. The 'police were directed to
forthwith put a stop to the grading
operations. Officer Beach informed
the workmen that he would arrest any
one who persisted in grading, as he
had -done in the case of John Kelso
and four workmen, whom he arrested
for grading without a permit on Lom
bard and Montgomery streets.
Some men marry because it Is
cheaper to keep a wife than a ser
vant.
Xcalon Pleads Guilty.
Michael Nealon appeared before
Judge Dunne yesterday to plead to the
charge of assault by means and force
likely to produce great bodily injury.
He .was allowed to plead guilty to sim
ple assault and was ordered to appear
for sentence on March 10. •Nealon
was one of the four men arrested for
severely beating Thomas J. Jordan, a
newspaper man. on January 7, 1903,
owing to his criticisms of the sport of
coursing.
Charged With Burglary.
F. E. Morgan, ex-soldier, was arrested
yesterday by Detectives O'Dea and
Mulcahy and Policeman Chapelle and
booked at the City Prison on a charge
of burglary. He is, accused of break
ing into the room of Philip G. Kratz,
1035 Mission street, on January 16,
1903, and stealing four suits of clothes,
two overcoats and a gold watch 'and
chain. He left the city at that time,
but returned a few days ago. The po
lice say that while Morgan was in the
army he embezzled moneys belonging
to two officers who are at present in
the Philippines. I
CALEDONIANS ASSEMBLE
ROUND FESTIVE BOARD
she will be kept until her father se
cures a divorce from her dissolute
mother and can provide another home
for the little one.
Mrs. Fontana was stupidly drunk and
her child was crying bitterly when a
policeman met them last Thursday
night on , the San Bruno road, miles
away from their home near the water
front." Cold rain had been falling stead
ily for hours and the garments of the
woman and the little one were satur
ated. - When taken to the police sta
ticn the 'mother refused to disclose her
identity, but the following morning
Judge Mogan compelled her to tell who
she was. Then the case was continued
Enjoyable Time Spent In Scottish Hall
at the First of a Scries or Staj
Parties.
The first of a series of stag parties
to be given this year by the officers of
the Caledonian Club to the members
was held in Scottish Hall on Friday
night after the business meeting. The
hall was crowded and three or four
hours were thoroughly enjoyed In
song, music, speech and dance. Chief
A. M. Macpherson presided and kept
the fun from flagging. The literary
committee, headed by First Chieftain
McGregor, had charge of the refresh
ment tables.
Among those that contributed to the
success of the event were Pipers Lind
say, Murray, Burnett, Kenzle, A. Ross,
E. Ross. James R. Watson, Andrew
McNair, Horace Cookson, Hugh Wil
liamson, Richard Barlowe, Kenneth
McDonald and Alexander Morrison
with soHgs; Professor Falrgrieve and
James Cameron with Instrumental
solos; N. F. McPhee with humorous
remarks; Allan McNeill and "D. R.
McXeill with speeches. Toasts to the
ex-chiefs. Superintendent John Mc-
Laren of Golden Gate Park, Chief
Macpherson and First Chieftain S.
McGregor, were proposed and re
sponded to. Sprigs of heather were
presented to the members.
The difficulty in damaging a war
balloon in midair was recently shown
by tests made in Austria. The ex
perimenters anchored a balloon at a
height cf 7000 feet and had cunners,
who had not been given the distance,
to try to disable it. It required twen
ty-two shots to find the range, even
approximate^', and not until the Bixtjr
fourth round was the balloon hit.
Burglary is one of the thriving local
industries to which the enterprising
Japanese has turned his attention and
applied his deft hand. Policeman
Small, to whom the tricks of, the
cracksman's trade are as an open
book", avers that the job performed
by M. Makimishi in the boarding
house of his countrywoman, Mrs. Y.
Simoto, at 465 Jessie street last Thurs
day night was almost artistic enough
to be of high caste Caucasian execu
tion. The only defect in Makimishi's
work was neglect to completely cover
his tracks and destroy the material
evidence of his guilt, but that is an
oversight of which tho most careful
and experienced American practition
ers are sometimes guilty, the police
man says.
Makimishi was one of Mrs. Simoto's
boarders and the prosecution alleges
that he took advantage of the facili
ties thus afforded him to plan and
execute the robbery of -which he stood
accused yesterday before Judge Con
lan. The door of the landlady's
boudoir and the lid of her trunk were
securely locked when the thief entered
the room by moans of a duplicate key
and with tho aid of a similar device
he opened the trunk and abstracted
therefrom the sum of $150 in gold and
silver coins and paper currency. Then
he relocked both box and door and
quietly departed with his plunder and
not for quite a while did Mrs. Simoto
learn of her loss.
Policeman Small investigated the
robbery and his suspicion turned to
Makimishi, but that person could not
be found. So the policeman engaged
a couple of small Japanese boys to
identify Makimishi and on Friday he
found his man in Chinatown and ar
rested him. On the prisoner's person
were found duplicate keys to Mrs.
Simoto's room and trunk, also 591 in
hard money and $6 in bills, which the
lady positively identified as her prop
erty.
* ? •
After hearing all the foregoing facts
Judge Conlan continued the case till
Tuesday.
Lulu Simpson married one Miller on
! June 16, 1901. at Paso Robles and
I without undergoing the legal prelimi
; nary of being divorced she was wedded
| to William F. Eichler last Monday in
I this city. She thus committed bigamy,
{ but as Mr. Miller cannot be found to
¦ clinch a conviction she Is likely to go
! unpunished for that offense.
All this was developed yesterday be
• fore Judge Fritz. Lulu, who is under
I 18 years of age, was arrested about a"
i week ago and charged with vagrancy
j by a policeman that found her in a
Barbary Coast dance j hall, and while
¦ the charge was pending Eichler went
; to the front and married her. Then
¦ her mother, who lives in Salinas Coun
¦ ty, was heard from to the effect that
! the young woman was ineligible to en
j ter matrimony with Eichler for two
j reasons — first, that she was under
; legal age; second, that she had never
! been divorced from Miller. Police in
i quiry at Lulu's home, fully corrobo
| rated the mother's assertions. Clerk
i Henderson of San Luis Obispo County
i said his records show the marriage to
J Miller and contain no entry of a di
i vorce.
Lulu is still in custody, but her dis
missal seems inevitable. Eichler
J wants to have the vagrancy and
i bigamy proceedings quashed and Lulu
j awarded to his protectorship and she
| is perfectly willing to regard her latest
j wedding as binding.
• * • *
For stealing John O'Donnell's watch
Frank Quesner was sentenced to six
months' imprisonment by Judge Mo
gan.
• • •
Morris Auerbach, who has attained
police notice through his penchant for
accosting strangers and abusing them
orally, was caught performing his act
Friday evening on Point Lobos avenue,
far from hia usual haunts, and yester
day morning Judge Mogan gave him
three months to ventilate his vitupera
tion in the County Jail.
Two pleas for leniency in behalf of
as many youthful lawbreakers as
cended to the bench of Cabaniss. John
H. O'Connor, aged 19, was convicted
of having obtained goods by falsely
representing that he was an employe
of Jepson Bros., whip manufacturers.
His petition for mercy might have
been more successful if the court had
riot remembered that a few months
ago he worked an i exactly similar
game by naming Xathan Dohrmann
& Co. as his employers. At that time
he and his mother begged tearfully
that he be given another chance and
he was given it. As the lad's attor
ney claimed that he was mentally un
sound the court has passed him- up to
the Lunacy Commission.
Grand larceny was the charge
against William Connelly, aged 21, ac
cused of stealing anvils from the AVil
merding School. William asked per
mission to plead guilty to petty lar
ceny, but as he had been convicted of
the minor offense on a previous occa
sion " his request was firmly declined
and the case continued.
Politics figures In the complaint of
M. Jasper McDonald against William
Bell and threatening to kill is the
charge on hearing before Judge Ca
baniss. McDonald was a member of
the Board of Park Commissioners
when that body decided it had no fur
ther need of Bell's services as a paint
er, and Bell ascribed his removal to
McDonald's influence. So when Mc-
Donald was retired from the board
Bell exulted, and when the two men
met on the street a few days ago the
painter uttered remarks that led to
his arrest.
McDonald alleges . that Bell said,
among other offensive things: "Now
we are on terms of equality, and I
have a good mind to cut your throat.
You cut my throat, and now " Mayor
Schmitz has cut yours." Mr. Forbes
a friend of }IcDonald t Intervened be
fore Bell could execute his cutting
threat, if its execution had ever been
seriously intended, and the arrest was
made. •
Judge. Cabaniss continued the case
for a week. Bell Is active in Butcher
town politics and once was a candi
date for, the State Senate.
Mrs. Mary Davis . informed Judga
Cabaniss that •W. F. Burke had mali
ciously cut down some carpets which
she hnd just washed %hd" suspended
from a clothesline" to flry, and that he
had added insult -to Injury by. calling
her a murderess.
W. F. Burke informed Judge Ca
baniss that Mrs. Mary Davis had hung
her soggy carpets in: such a way that
soiled water dripped from them upon
his freshly laundered linen and that
when he protested she sneeringly re
marked that none! of his children
looked in the least like him, thereby
insinuating that they were not his
children at all.
The parties are separate occupants
of a tenement at 436% Sixth street and
their mutual antipathy is said to.be
fierce and of long standing. . Mrs. Da
vis was tried and acquitted several
years ago on a charge of. having
caused the death of Mrs. Klein and
her child, who were killed by an ex
ploding lamp. It was this incident
that probably prompted Burke to call
Mrs. Davis a murderess.
After hearing both sides of the*
case Judge Cabaniss decided that the
honors were about even and ordered
a dismissal.
The two Rooney, brothers peddle fruit
in a single wagon, and so closely do
they resemble each other in persc-nal
appearance that the naked eye expe
riences difficulty in determining which
one of them is James and which one
John. At least that is what a police
man yesterday told Judge Mogan, be
fore whom James was accused of ply
ing his calling without a license. The
policeman also opined that the two
Rooneys had only one legal permit be
tween them and alternately used it
when occasion demanded. Each of
them had been overhauled before, but
not until Friday did " the asked for
license fail to materialize. James was
unable to produce when requested to
show his warrant for hawking orange3.
"James, you must get a license If
you intend to peddle fruit," said the
court. '.'This . two-Dromlos .business
cannot be worked with i impunity
any longer, for the argus eye
of the police is fixed on you and your
brother, and you might as well suc
cumb to the inevitable." . '
James promised to equip himself with
a license forthwith, and he was allowed
to go free. / .'>;;:
George Guerin and Frank . Carroll,
who stood up and robbed a man named
Joyce one night. last week on Bryant
street, were held to answer to the Su
perior Court by Judge Mogan, with
bail for each fixed at $4000. v John W.
Aiker, a pantryman aboard the river
steamer Constance, who entered state
rooms with, evidently, dishonest intent,
was also held to answer, the bail in
his case being set at $2000. .
Mrs. Maria Flores exhibited to Judge
Mogan a locket containing a portrait
of her 17-year-old son and also a like
ness of Miss Labrada Morales, who is
accused of having enticed the youth to
abandon the maternal roof at 217 Val
lejo street and dwell with her on Hinck
ley street. , Miss *¦ Morales has ' been ar
rested' on a charge of .vagrancy sworn
to by Mrs.* Flores, who confessed that
her motive was to sever the illicit re
lationship: between her son- and the dp:
f endant. As \ the boy was not present
to -explain his conduct the case was
continued till his 'testimony can be ob
tained. - - : -i : '¦¦
Three-year-old Olive,^Fontana has
bee^ sent to. the Infant Shelter, _\vhere
bhrewdly Plans and Neatly Executes His
Enterprise, but Fails to Hide Trail, and
Is Caught With Plunder on His Person
LITTLE BROWN BU RGL AR
DOES IMPERFECT WORK
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. MARCH 0. 1904:
33
______ ADV EHTISEIJENTS.
- ¦
¦ Seasomi 11904
Dressmaking Announcefflent.
The above department is prepared to fur-
nish, on short notice, Gowns for both day
and evening wear. A most complete line of
novelties in Silken, Cotton and Woolen ma-
terials is now bemg shown with an exception-
ally large assortment of trimmings, including
the newest ideas in Laces, Godet Flounc-
ings, etc.
Lace Department.
LACE ROBES Latest Pirisisn designs. Skirts
========= of the newest pattern. They
nre unmade and are shown in attractive Repousse,
Lierre and Bretonne effects. Prices range from
$25.00 to $75.00
EflBROIDERIES Sock is complete in every
= detail and contains many
novelties. Allovers with sets to match in Swiss,
Nainsook. Cambric and Lawn; also a large line of
Linen and Point Venise combinations in galons
and bands.
NEWEST LACES A superb collection of
====^== Lierre. Repousse, Oriental,
Venise, Irish Point, Point de Gaze in bands, Gal-
ons, Insertings, Motifs, etc. A full line of Allover
Lace for waists in all the popular makes.
NECKWEAR Strictly up-to-date ideas in
======= Stocks of washable materials,
Du Barry Scarfs, Fifth Avenue Bows, Collar and
Cuff Sets in Persian effects, hand embroidered
and hemstitched, Jabots and Top Collars in lawn
and lace, Lace Berthas.
SPECIAL Mull Ties, embroidered and hem-
" stitched; Lace Ends, printed and
plain, 60c. Regular price $1.00.
White Washable Novelties.
Linen Lawns, Persian and Victoria Lawns,
French Mull Chiffon Finish, French Organdies,
M idras, Etamines, Heavy Coarse Mesh Linen for
country wear, Plain and Fancy Linens.
Butchers' Linen, in all grades 40c upward
Damisk.specially attractive for waists, 40c upward
Canvas Cloth, new patterns 75c upward
M dras, various attractive designs. . . .30c upward
AS 1 ERT ISEMEJTCS.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
uiihuiiiibiiiiiiiii
¦ ¦
JThe... |
i Scotchman |
I IS GROWING FAST §
Q ______ ¦
¦ .¦'-,?¦' ¦ ¦
g He will be in full bloom J
¦ on March 12th. |
s ~ I
g Dont' forget |
S to attend the a
I BIG OPENING I
| MARCH 1 2th. 1
¦ . H
b He is the largest Scotch- 5
* man in the world. ' 3
B ¦
¦ B
1 1009 MARKET |
b . a
KBBSBBSECaBBEIHBBBHHBBB
DIRECTORY
CF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
». dialogue and Frice Lists feallai
en Application.
7B2SH ARD SALT MEATS.
JA*.. UUIL3 tt Uf. Clay. TeL Main 1284.
OIL3. . ™~
i-LlJKICATl.VG O;L~S: LKO.VAKD & KI-UIS
<Xa Ft out t-t.. s. k. J'huite Main 1713.
PRINTING.
£. I. EUUDL3, tn £&usoat hU s. p.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
- -. ¦ .-.¦ ¦ ii — — ~~~ .»-- — — -~-~,._
SLEEP IS PRICELESS.
But It Can Be Obtained by Simple
; Methods.
Are you. a hard worker? Are you
overcome with fatigue at the end of
.each day's labor and instead of retir-
ing to bed with a feeling: -of satisfac-
tion at the prospect of a night's re-
pose do you wait the hour of bedtime
with dread and shrinking?
Is it your unhappy lot to be awaken-
ed every night, Just after you have
dropped off to sleep, by an intense, un-
controllable, itching of the j rectum?
Do you then endeavor to relieve the
sensation by scratching so desperately
that the skin becomes raw and lacer-
ated and you finally sink into the sleep
of exhaustion? »
. If so, yo do not need to be told that
you are afflicted with itching piles.
You have probably tried every rem-
edy you could hear of, with but tem-
porary relief, if any, and have con-
cluded there was nothing left for you
but to drag out a miserable existence.
As a drowning man grasps at a straw,
so should you eagerly devour the
words of W. . O. Milbury, 70 Pearl
street, Reading, Mass.:
• "I. am pleased to state that I bought
one 50-cent box of Pyramid Pile. Cure
at the drug store and used about one^
half of it, and it not only cured me of
itching piles, but also of constipation,
a trouble of about fifteen years' stand-
ing. I have tried almost everything
without any lasting benefit, but I can
honestly and truthfully state that
Pyramid Pile Cure has entirely cured
me, as I have had no return of that
terrible itching, which used to keep
me awake by- the hour, night after
night If the old trouble should ever
return I will know just what to do,
but I guess it won't, for it is now six
or seven months since I. first used this
wonderful remedy."
We vouch for the authenticity of
this testimonial, and, as Mr. Jlilbury
found relief and a cure, so you may also.
Do not delay, but buy a box and try it
to-nieht and do not allow any dealer,
to sell you "something just as. good."
[ YoUj^vill do well to write Pyramid
I Drug Co.,. Marshall, Mich., for their
little book on the causes and cure^ of
piles, which is sent free for the ask-
ing. '.. . ¦ ¦ ¦ .-¦'¦•.¦ ..-
INCOMPARABLE,'
. MAGNIFICENT
White ' Touring Cars for J Rent^f •
Will Sell if You Insist.
Telephope South 305.
WHITE GARAGE,
Market and Franklin Streets.
" r ADVEBTISEMENTS.
1 lliivD jHiiC 43111 llll^ I HCCp i li^tCil»
till u ll^SII ll§ Hi- II llliill^^~ S f e theater °* e worl d contains many things of intcr-
'I^^^^SttM^ii^li est nowadays. Another war has arisen which threatens to
change the aspect of the Far East. The politics of England
; = g|| =g . are undergoing upheaval. The United States is taking' more
. Illl (IMWiYl^U^ If /^fLT" 1 ' an( * more part in world affairs; is preparing to dig the Pan-
' > fjjll ifpl i jj| §| fe^^g^^ * ama Canal; and is facing another political struggle.
uu^ff^u^lflnW^Si * n c^ em^ str y» surgery, inventions, discoveries and every
: : ujL : line of human research and endeavor startling changes are
tfkjt \S^ fzfer f[f(rM : = u(l ; l§__i This* means that the successful man of to-day must keep
/if/f^ff / ))g/// //I li^^f posted on world affairs. He can do this only by tracing pres-
Fpa| 1 ent results to past causes. and reading around his subject.
/ li II I J^ y/r^/flB 1 i e one S reat re f erence library for his needs is, of course,
WmrWHHmJ 3 ! -The Encyclopaedia Britannica !
lM&ll5ilb&(*i,il(ili iff ftps I
y^^lrf^^u^^^^^^^^ It is the one comprehensive work which gives both the
M^fiM7-WilT^Hlmff\ carliest and the lates * word on EVERY subject. !
"p^JptW^E^^^^B^^J Take, for example, the Russo-Japanese war. What an
fi!I^I^T3Wl(Kjl UW10P\ array of im P° rtant topics BRITANNICA immediately pre-
R^I^^^^Pgl^^^Sg^^^^ sents to the observant reader! Here you find the ablest ar-
fmlWWiffn(IMfl^ff{ tides and the finest maps of Russia, Japan, Korea, Man-
China and Siberia, together with the latest phases of
Wf tW§u^~lIsii{) * 7f^WilE^^\ ¦ • war^ are »' torpedoes, Maxim guns, cruisers, battleships, trans-
m^i^ftll^yfelflM (I llfBLJ^ ' ports, heliographs, smokeless powder, the Red Cross and kin-
///F~ uiWlfn^ul THlFWl{0- \ topics.
np|||ppip^8^^ These artides are
(^Myi^BC Written by Authorities!
ufu¥^{l'^A^m^Lj(^^^^\ And may k c relied upon to maintain the high standard of
yM^|fe|y life |§|ypE jpjilfl H|^^ merit* in the new Twentieth Century Edition cf the Ency- |
JnJ "llli.lF- u5uiiWW0^ 1 clopaedia Britannica.
U^^fC^^^^fel e same mav b e sa^ °^ tne multiplicity of subjects
Im^ l^mlfllisjl^, il llm * V dealing with political affairs and with recent progress and
nil iW*fl u£u~i ififfiMz^V This is pre-eminently the year to study politics ; and
v^iili ; l[|^^^7 BRITANNICA alone will give complete and impartial studies
Jw~/)e^) — }/^7^^ r MmW&' I °* evcr y P ar *y and creed since the art of law making and
fill ))' ¥^ lilT-^rifuun^^'^ \ BRITANNICA has been found a necessity in many
Bgfcmf4r^l^f^ llKi §1^^ thousand homes since the present book distribution began,
>jPPIS«i^^J^5^|jipf^( how much more is this true in the present stirring times?
if Hzfe fslfl gfe gjl $t =Kn : ' ou w^ ma ke no mistake if you get it now, for the
lilltt^^^^^ Pri ce Will Soon Advance!
I- . . (1^^ JL O n account of the increased cost of materials and labor
: H| I j |||^^ the price of this Encyclopaedia must be advanced at an early
j[M}0$ \ date. We have, however, arranged that this increase in price
: Hrt{ =B|^^ shall not. go into effect until the present printing is ex-
y i xiausted. . #
==4j([ |§H^^[ But prompt action is needed to obtain a set on the pres-
m Wm$% A ent advantageous terms. Cut out the INQUIRY COUPON
pi^i/jQ|^^ before you lay aside this paper, and send it AT ONCE.
WHAT IS SAID OF IT:
*$i£«F sfitiw^'^ ' I "It 1* without a pe«»r in the whole noble army of encyclopae-
iliiilPPwP Jj- dias" — LYMAX ABBOTT, D. D.
lIij!/fmrt<5^T-===- "The Encyclopaedia Britannica is king of its tribe." —
Sinrtfealj? Jp~=.. "If all other books were destroyed, the Bibl« excepted. the
||Hrfc§pL^^ii=i~. world would lose but little of its information."— SPURGEON'.
BOOKCASE FREE i
jpp|fy??fj^" --ZZTT'' A limited number of Bookcsiies will be glvea frea of eharjre to
jj jfc/lgfgj _J1~ san rrancisco Call readers who respond promptly. The Coupon
|aj jhrSJIs^j----' '""* below wiU be known as the Bookcase Coupon and should be
3i massive* x/oiumes. • {pP°Cut Out and Mail This Coupon To-Day
Weight O'ver 200 Pounds Fop Particulars of. Our Great Offer to Call Readers.
I . . s ¦ • a— e— oi.
25 .volumes xln^" Edition. The American Newspaper Association.
5 Volumes American Additions. Parrott Building. San Francisco, CaL
1 Volume Guide to Systematic _. . ~~Z ~ T t
Readings of the whole work. . Please send me free of charge sample pages and full
• particulars of your Encyclopaedia offer (Bookcase Cou-
/fo j Secures This Entire Set .^^^^ non^
U""d S of the . t" J "-''. i
$ I New 20th Century Edition Name Street |
I lt°\Tr^ y ot th o%i h / } ioc C l Town County...' State
- day for a short time. SAN FRANCISCO CALL BUREAU
Ififeyi § 1W >^'lVm ¦ While they last we will put on sale
lEH^A T^ "'l^ni v^^ll 6 good selling patterns of 10 wire Tap-
ilislSS^L l^-'^n^Llk H estry Carpet, laid and lined for
lit I? i4fv Wmm Get in line t)efore the y are s° ne - In
iil^Ltiyl $ T^ htP II — m ever y ot her department our prices are
111=1 ""lilrfe B e n>t l° cat e ourselves at 1017'vi
SiiJV^i r I IFii 'M ission street, out of the "sky-rent"
1 If jt" ll" II <M \ \ "* niw H l° ca^ on » anc * cut down our expense ac-
Sli P P Ri T Hill HI count » bu y furniture by the -carload for
Si^sIL It V\ l '*M S cash, getting every discount, to be un-
1 Ji^^ ir? T i! frrTf^ B dersold. We located here for your
I EpElli IS It ;': ] p I i . J S benefit. The benefits of our location
1 ft"- l^£2^^^^S : .'Kr • I II are * n our PH ce ns * # Every day is bar-
!||; 3jSi^S2|p5|^""' ga . m %vl{ h us - Do you need any-
|fc| fg^^ ft^^ Lj^-J^rB t hin S f° r "home comfort." Buy of us
iiPt %' A N ° C0UNTRY 0RDERS FILLED.
I'ilSiSiiH The LNbonan Furoibire Co.,
ll^A^IIHfi^^l 1017-1023 Mission St.,i>.* .atoll, Ceotist; liaigr.t & Masomo at.*
The Cathedral of Notre Dame in
Paris is now lighted by electricity.
Swell pamphlets are being printed by Edw.
S. Knowtes. 24 Second st. • ¦
The trustees' of the San Franciseo
Law Library have informed the Board
of Supervisors that it will require the
sum of $5430 to 'conduct its affairs
during the next fiscal year.
Money for Lhw Library.
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists. 60c flask. Richard & Co.. 408 Clay.*
He applied for a writ of habeas corpus
for his release, and through the care
lessness of a detctive who was sent
from Vancouver to take him back he
was discharged from custody by*3udge
Cook on December 2. as there were no
papers on which to hold him. That
same afternoon Chief Wittman received
a dfspatch to hold Ansell at all hazards,
but he had gone.
Ansell had the cool assurance not to
leave the city, but applied for and ob
tained the position. of bookkeeper' with
the Nonotuck Company. He told Man
ager Metzner that he had Just arrived
from Alaska. He is about 25 years of
age, short and slight build, light hair
and ruddy complexion, and is a fluent
talker.
Edward Ansell, a young Englishman.
i3 wanted by the police on a charge of
felony embezzlement." He has fled and
it is believed has gone to Chicago. The
police of that city have been notified
by wire to look out for him, and the
police in other cities of the East have
alao been asked to arrest him if he
should make his appearance there.
The complaining witness against An
se!l is William Metrner, manager of the
Nonotuck Silk Company, 535 Market
street. Ansell was employed by Metz
ner about three months ago as book
keeper. On February 29 Ansell received
$307 34 in cash and checks aggregating
$1400 to deposit with the Crocker-Wool
w6rth Bank.
He returned to the office with the
bank book, which purported to show
that the amount had been deposited.
Next morning Ansell did not appear at
the office, and on Friday it was dis
covered that he had not deposited the
money in bank, and. it is alleged, had
made a false entry in the bank book.
The checks had not been cashed and It
is presumed he had taken them with
him.
On November 19 last Ansell was ar
rested here on the arrival of the steam
er Umatilla on a dispatch from Chief
North of Vancouver, B. C, stating that
he was wanted there for forgery. He
had been employed as a clerk at the
Commercial Hotel and, it was alleged,
had forged checks in the names of the
proprietor and several of the- guests,
which it was claimed he cashed Just be
fore the steamer sailed. . .'. -i ; : . i i
"Warrant Is Secured for the
Arrest of - Edward Ansell
for Felony I&ibezzlement
FAILS TO PUT
COIN IN BANK
The .handsome $40.00 i ¦bedroom .suit
will ¦ again be - sold : this ;week * for $26.00
at PATTOSIEN'S,' corner Sixteenth (and
Mission? streets. - , \ . "- .-•- •
Again This Week.
Bartholomew W. Griffin, a laborer,
residing in San Francisco, filed, a pe
tition In '; insolvency yesterday in the
United States District Court He owes
$309 and has ' no assets. ; ';. '">¦ '.
Insolvent Laborer.
Last week 1500 rolls of latest patterns
of carpets • arrived at.Pattosien's, corner
Sixteenth and " Mission . streets. • This
carpet order could not be canceled,
therefore will be sold out at a saving of
from 10c to 40c per yard. " • •
1500 Rolls of Carpels Arrived In San
Francisco;.' . .
Fraternal Brotherhood Function.
San Francisco Lodge No. 69 of the
Fraternal Brotherhood has made ar
rangements for an entertainment and
dance complimentary to its members
and friends in its lodgreroom in the
Native Sons* building on the evening
of Saturday, March 12. There will be
a musical and literary programme, to
be followed by dancing".
C. F. Humphrey announces that he has
removed his law offices to rooms 211 to
216. inclusive, tenth floor. Croclcer build
ing. Telephone Private Exchange 151. •
Kilkenny Castle is^one of the oldest
inhabited houses in, the world, many of
the rooms being much as they were 800
years ago.
34
On recommendation of the regimental
examining board the following named
appointments and promotions • have
been announced: Private Arthur Golly,
Company C, to be corporal, 85 per cent;
Corporal Andrew Tedtsen. Company D,
sergeant. S5 per' cent; Private George
W. Matthews, Company D,' corporal, 100
per cent; Private Irving W. Houchln,
Company D, corporal, 95 per cent; Pri
vate William H. McCall, Company D,
corporal, 75 per cent; Musician Thomas.
A. Graham, Company E, corporal, 90
per cent; Private Dennis O'Donnell,
Company G, corporal, 80 per cent; Cor
poral Albert W. Porter, Company H,
sergeant, 95 per cent; Corporal Eugene
Levelle. Company H, sergeant,- 90 per
cent; Private Thomas F. Brown, Cojn
pany H, sergeant, 90 per cent ; Private
Roy Holliday, Company H, corporal, 75
per cent.
During February forty-four men were
discharged from the service of the State
out of the First Infantry, thirty on ac
count of removal, seven at expiration
of term of service, six for the good of
the service and one upon enlistment in
the United States navy.
The muster and inspection of the
companies of the First Infantry of the
National Guard will be oh the following
dates: Company A, March 18; B, 21st;
C, 22d; D, 23d; E, 24th; F, 25th; G. 28th;
H. 29th. 'These are to be held at the
regimental armory.
Upon recommendation of the company
commander, J. H. Wychoff, corporal of
Company E, has been reduced to the
ranks.
James F. Dever has been appointed
color sergeant on the staff of .Colonel
Thomas F. O'Nell, vice Hubert A. Bald
win.
At each inspection there was a large
attendance of military men anxious to
note how the inspections were conduct
ed, and the consensus of opinion was
that the battalion had once .more dem
onstrated that it is under good Instruc
tion and maintains its standard of pro
ficiency.
DATES FOR INSPECTIONS
On Friday evening Adjutant General
Lauck was present at the inspection of
Battery D. He remained during the en
tire evening, examining thearmory, the
several battery quarters and the man
ner in which the Government and State
property Is cared for. ;
On that evening the battalion in
struction in first aid and care of. the'in-
Jured was unexpectedly demonstrated
through an unfortunate accident to one
of the men." who pierced- his eyelid
while removing the bayonet from his
piece. He . was Immediately removed
from the drill quarters by company
bearers and the injury examined by
Major Schmitt. of the division staff, who
is a physician, and before the examina
tion was concluded the battalion com
mander, Major Bush, had the first aid
packages and medicine chest in the
room for use of the surgeon. Captain
Emmal, the battalion surgeon, arrived
fifteen minutes after the accident, but
by that time remedies and bandages
had been applied. On the recommenda
tion of the surgeon the injured artiller
ist was removed to a sanitarium.
After muster the subalterns and non
coms were directed to drill the various
subdivisions in platoon drill, bayonet
drill, guard mount and setting-up'exer
cises. Each organization reported
promptly on the evening assigned to it,
and the appearance and movements of
each seemed to have created a favor
able impression on the inspectors, who
were unreserved m their praise of the
physique and personnel of the bat
talion.
The past week was a busy one for the
First Battalion of Artillery, N.'G. C,
as every. night but one was taken up
in the inspection and muster of the
command. The inspectors were Colonel
Thomas Wilhelm, U. S. A., acting, for
the. War Department, and Lieutenant
John; A. Koster for the State, assisted
by Lieutenant Mllliken, representing
the adjutant general's office in the ex
amination of "property for condemna
tion. ¦ ' -.¦"," .
It was the most complete and closest
Inspection ever held, and in the opinion
of competent officers of the guard it
will be of incalculable benefit. Colonel
TVilhelm, while firm in "his examina
tions, by his suave manner wins the
confidence of the men and obtains an in
sight into their knowledge and'instruc
tion, where the usual brusque man
ner of inspecting officers fails. Colonel
Wilhelm, who is tall and has a very sol
dierly appearance,. Impresses the men,
and they strive to' emulate him in as
suming- the attitude a soldier should.
At 1 o'clock on the day for the in
spection of Battery A the commanding
officer was required to report at the
armory on Ellis street to be present at
a thorough examination of all the prop
erty and stores issued to him, as well
as of the books and papers of the com
mand. This occupied about three hours.
In the evening the organizations were
required to report punctually at 8
o'clock, and two hours were taken up
in the inspection and muster.
PRAISE FOR THE TROOPS.
Companies of First Infan
try Preparing to Face the
Army and Guard Officers
0KDEKED TO GET HEADY
¦,- ¦ • '
Examination in the Ellis-
Street Armory the Most
Complete Ever Made Here
ARTILLERY MEN
ARE INSPECTED
THE SAN FRANCISCO: CALU SUNDAY. MARCH G. 1904:
EXPERT OPTICIAN.
GSOBGE MAYEBIE'S
German Eye Water
THE GaZtATEST STS BliMBDT X2f
TBS WOBLD; perfectly tannle*»; for
iaianti , or adults. Makes WEAK STSS
STRONG. SOUS EYES WELL. BEST
2ISSD EYES. •
• Price 50 cents; 1)7 mail 63 cents.
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED for weak eyea.
poor sight, headache, dizziness, cloudiness of
vision, floating spots, pain about the eyea. be-
hind the head or In temples, nervousness, sors
eyes, watery or discharging eyes, feeling lite
sand In the eyes, burning, smarting, ltchir.K.
scratching, twitching, gluey eyea. heavy eyelids
and other eye troubles.
BEWARE OF INJURIOUS IMITATIONS.
INSIST on getting the genuine, bearing a
crown and the signature of George Mayerle.
RECENT XETTEBS.
SISTER MARY BAPTIST. Sister of Mercy.
Grass Valley, writes: My eyes have much Im-
proved by the use of Georg* Mayerle's German
Eyewater, and I heartily Indorse It.
I have used a bottle of George Mayerle's
German Eyewater and It ha« helped mo won-
derfully.— Charles Morgan, Rocklln. Cal.
Cared Her Eyes After Snffertn* for Years
Mr. Georgs Mayerle — Dear Sir: Your Eye-
water has entirely cured mv eyea after years
of suffering. Yours respectfully.
MRS. IDA LAB.\SERT,
Paradise Valley. Humboldt Co.. Nevada.
SOMETHING NEW.
George Mayerle's Eyeglass "Wlpem are tndls-
pensable to those wearing glasses. Your
glasses will have a soothing and strengthening
efTect on your eyes Instead of that CONSTANT
STRAIN, blurring and tiring of the eyes. Do
not scratch the lenses: gives bright and clear
vision. Price 15 cents: two for 23 cents.
GEORGE IVIAYERLE,
German Expert Optician, opposite Hlbernla
Bank. 1071 . Market st.
O?en Evenings until 9. Cut this out.
Highest Optical Skill
Eyes Examined Tree.
GEOBGB MAYEBiE'S UEABI2TO.
WORKING AND DISTANCE OLAS3E3
BEST ASS STBEXrOTHEXr THE EYES.
RELIEVE THE STItAXN AND PgE-
SESVS T2CE SIGHT. ASS I3TVAR-
IABLT XtXCOMMXSTDES BT STXST
WEABEB. . - ¦ -
The world uses $300,000,000 worth of
cotton goods in a year. Of this Great
Britain manufactures 66 per cent.
ADVERTISEMENTS*
„-..... v « ¦¦¦¦ m
Oriental Goods j
¦ At Wholesale Prices j
' We Offer Oox Entire Estra riae Co*. ?
lection, oX i
Oriental Rugs i
': AND CURTAINS
At 25 PerCent
¦¦¦ . We are sol* ¦sen** for* •"'
JOHN CROSSLEY & SON'S
CELEBRATED ENGLISH CARPETS
;Ghas. ffl. Plorn & Co.
; Cor. 9th and Market Sts. ;
? .-¦¦".¦¦¦" »
ADVERTISEMENT^ .......^:^-.-
And every Distressing Irritation
of Skin and 5calp Instantly
Relieved by a Bath with
And a single anointing with CUTICURA, the great skin
cure and purest of emollients. This treatment, when fol-
lowed in severe cases by mild doses of CUTICURA
RESOLVENT PILLS, to cool and cleanse the bloody is
the most speedy, permanent, and economical cure for
torturing, disfiguring, itching, burning, bleeding, scaly,
crusted, and pimply skin and scalp humours, with loss
of hair, ever compounded. i
T TSE CUTICURA SOAP, assisted By Cutkura Omtment, fof
preserving:, purifying:, and beautifying: the skin, for cleans-
ing: the scalp of crusts, scales, and dandruff, and the stopping: of
falling- hair, for softening-, whitening-, and soothing- red, roug;h,
and sore hands, for baby rashes, itching-s, and chafing?, in the
form of baths for annoying: irritations and inflammations, or too
free or offensive perspiration, in the form of washes for ulcerathre
weaknesses, and many sanative, antiseptic purposes which readily
sug-g-est themselves to women and mothers, and for all the pur-
poses of the toilet, bath, and nursery. CUTICURA SOAP com-
bines delicate emollient properties derived from CUTICURA, the
great skin cure, with the purest of cleansing: ingredients and the
most refreshing: of flower odours. It unites in ONE SOAP at
ONE PRICE, the BEST skin and complexion soap, and the
BEST toilet and baby soap in the world.
COMPLETE EXTERNAL AND INTERNAL TREATMENT FOR EVERY HUMOUR;
jf*** 1 • Consisting of Ccttccra Soap, to cleanse the skin of eraiti and.
olU pB^*1B"S"? scale*, an<l soften the thickened cuticle; Cuticura. Oiktmkxt, to
M |M £, R. lJU.il C& Instantlr allay Itching, iullammaxlon, and Irritation, and soothe
and heal; and Cuticuea Kesoltext Pjlu, to cool and cleame
The Set tlie blooii> A Sikble Set le often sufficient to cure the moettortnr.
Ing, dlEfigcrine, itching, burning, and scnly etln, scalp, and blood
humours, xrith Jobs of hair, when all cW fall6. Solil throughout the world. Australian
Depot: R. Tow»^ & Co., Sydney. Britlch Depot: 27-28, Charterhonfle Sq., London.
Frcnca Depot: & Rue de la Palx, Paris. Putteb Dblo xxd Chxm. Cosr., Sole Prop*.
Ccttcuba Uesolvent Pills (Chocolate Coated) are a new, tasteless, odonrlesn, eco-
nomic*] substitute for the celebrated liquid Ccticcba Resolvent, as well as for all other
blood purifiers acl ltumour cures Put up in screw-cap pocket Tlals, containing 60 doses.
Clticuh a Pills are alterative, antiseptic, tonic, and digestive, and beyond question tho
purest, sweetest, most successful and economical blood and nklu puxlflers, humour 00x0%
and tonlc-diccttiTcs, yet compounded.
STERLING SPECIALS
FROM THE FANCY GOODS DEPARTMENT
Genuine, bargains in new. fresh goods offered for this week
only. Better come early in the week while assonments are com-
plete. ~ ;. .
25c Satin Talfcta Ribbon 15c Yard
This, is. the good heavy quality and is just what you need to
make. pretty-neck and hair bows. We have all the principal 1 r*
shades. The width is iVt inches. Special price... IUK,
50c Lace and Persian StocKs 35c Each
•We; offer a. fine line of lace stock collars in ecru, cream and
Arabian. Also a swell line of wash collars in Persian ef- OCf>
fects. Both lines are worth 50c each. Special price OOL-
75c Suede Crushed Belt. 50c.;
Crushed leather belts are one of the latest fads. We have a
; fine assortment to offer and out of it. we have picked one special.
The colors arc black, brown, red and gray, with steel and Cft^
black buckles. Special price. OUU
$2.00 Walrus Auto Bags $1.25 >
This is a style never shown before. It is a Q-inch bag y?ith
hard handle and contains coin purse and card case. This special
is offered to, introduce a fine new stock. Special price (f*j 'i C
for this week ..................../.... iJ*l»<6U
75c Gold Trimmings 50c Yard •
An immense line of mifine gold trimmings. §ome of the goods
arc hand-made,, of the best qunlity and warranted riot to -tar- ~£Zf)f
nish. We offer one creat special, 75c value, at. *J%J\*
DRAPE BY DEPARTMENT' SPECIALS
(Third_ Floor.)
25c Curtain Net 15c Yard \
. New . effects in fancy fish net, beautiful design for -long itZr*
and " sash curtains. Actual value 25c yard. Special' price.. . **^^
15c Figured Swiss 9c Yard v
A splendid quality of figured. Swiss. Full 40' inches Q<~
wide. Special price • • w
$4.00 Cable Net Curtains $2.75
Genuine Cable Net. in the ivory sh'ade, plain cen- <f*2 7C
ters andrich artistic borders. Special price .....:... .. *p£i»l*J
Portieres— Odd Pairs :
To-morrow morning we place on sale a' number of- single pairs
of portieres.' All sorts of designs. The prices -range from $2.25
to $9.00 a pair. ..The reduction will average 25 per cent.
Sale of Tailor-Madc Suits ,
We. will offer this week a sample line of tailor-made suits,
Spring styles, at one-third off the regular price. See Chronicle
for full announcement and see our other . announcement in the
Examiner. . • .
in Fancy Goods and
Hosiery Departmonts
¦
Kneipp Linen Mesh Underwear
We have Just receive! a large consignment ot
ladles'. and men's LINEN MESH UND£RWEAR, a tHB
celebrate! Kneipp Branl," for wnlch we are agents.
The ladies' come in low neck and sleeveless, hlgn nscfc
and short slssYes, and high n:Clc and long sleeves j also
an-tls length drawers and unioa suits with high necfc
ani .long sleeves. The men's are in medium and heaYU
weight shirts and drawers, all slzas from 30 to 46.
The above linen mesh garments are made from
pure Irish linen narn, do not shrink in washing, are
Yerg . durable, an! ara hlghlu recommended bg. the
medical profession-
/•NOVELTY LADIES' BELTS In silk, Persian crushed
kid, pitent ieath3r and giit.
NEW CHAIN PURSES, SHOPPING BAGS and OPERA
BAGS in all th2 nBwsst stgles. .
NEW PERSIAN BAND TRIMMINGS, APPLIQUES,
FANCY BRAiDS, PLAIN and GOLD BRAIDS, and.GILT
Wd-FANCY BUTTONS. '
.' TAneleganrassortment or NEW OSTRICH FEATHER
BOAS In white, graus and"blaGk, . ; . 4 *
'We bavi just opened a special importation of tine
fabric SILK anl LISLE GLOVES, in all colors, also
Llack- and white.
«ii 113, 115, 117. 119, 121 POST STREET.
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦BBBDBBIIBQHBBBBHBBHBIBB
" — a. y
m v^^Bj^^gy^^^jriJZ^ BKSBnB999^' *^*» • B
1 4^W? Jft^l ""^ Marcb 7th> M * 9th "
•2 j- ' # . - v BH
g You Are Invited to View . g
a v.Qur Millinery Display.. ¦
g To-morrow, Tuesday and. VVednesday, which will represent one of S
g the richest collections of hich art millinery it has been our pleas-' 2
¦ ure to arransre for your consideration. .The Model .Hats tust from q
D the leading fashion centers arc here in numbers and will be of much H
Q fntcrest, but of most interest will be the large showing of our own B
« exquisite creations. • B
g SILK WAIST5, $2.85 I
Q Hundreds of Sample VTalsts slightly soiled will be offered on Special m
p. S«Je to-morrow. Formerly the prices were from $5.00 to 58.00, being made S
ri of Taffeta, Peau de Sole, Peau de Cygne and Crepe de Chine, in all sizes m
m and colors. . ¦/¦¦ r . . co Qs • S
g While on sale D>Z«O0 ¦
I Creoe de Chine Scarfs Whlte Lm antl 0r 8 andlB w » |sts I
g wiwpw u wiiiiiw.wuuiiw IN ALL THEIR BEAUTY AT $125 "
§ A HEW ASSORTMENT". .w^^B to Jffffi?WigBffi ; -B
¦ 'Handsomely . embroidered. .All I
g. colors. Value $1.50. Sale price.. .80c desigrns at low prices. '*"=««»¦ m
{ &&-2kW%$;4 Co ]
g * ENTRANCE ON GRANT AYE. V ¦
a agents: RorAL Worcester corsets. . a
SfllBBBflBIBBBBflBBflBBBflBBBBBBBflBflEBaaaBBBBBBBBa
/$!¦''¥''''¦' • lm - ' : Our showing of Spring' and Sum-
W ' M • ' '• '•^ilwSk--' -¦' • ' r "' er ¦ s tyte s is superb. . Great efforts
:— • naVe ..been made in order to present
x^— ri'j 1 ¦ .jjl/^r-r. ' the largest and most exclusive line of
T j stylish,' serviceable and practicable
\ /^fei * • 'garments procurable. When style
1 M$V<CLto?\ * mc * Q uan^y are considered' our prices
will prove to be very reasonable.
CHILDREN'S DRESSES, empire style
$^MW/M'!i& ¦ ( sce illustration) ; made of good quality of
imported printed lawn;, tucked yoke; neck, .
ri*$l!l/!m&$i!a sleeves and bertha edged with fine Yalcn-
''M'(' :^SEf^"«« ciennes lace; comes in dainty shades of
guaranteed fast color pink or blue dots;
>fcj|5pj«^»«*p^ sizes 6 months to 2V2 years. AC^i £? f\
/f!P$|[|p^ • splendid value 8 *^'-'
l^^|fS|^^ COLORED RUSSIAN DRESSES for
¦^ttiM^ h'}> boys or girls (see illustration); made of
t-t canvas-finished madras; plaited skirt; belt,
I • I " 1 collar, cuffs and side trimmed with white
|s^_^ _J ••-.;- banding; colors, lijzht blue, gray and red;
v^T^i * sizes 2 to 2\b years. Special fl* I AA
t&sQH t'/jr}-~' value at - ••••"•••:
.^^^j BOYS' BLOUSE SUITS (see illustra-
'^^ J tion); made of English galatca; large sailor
f^\ collar; embroidered anchor on shield; ?
XT Vjn^^ \S-J white, only: sizes 2 to 6 years. C"0 .25
*/\\- >»y tfc/yjf Our; summer leader" at ••..'.;..;¦'.¦ x|*«£-
vW^Wi^f J ' CHILDREN'S . DRESSES; our own re-
\v . ¦<f*^S liable make: made of best quality of French '
A^lll !§') 9T -percale; tucked. yoke; bertha trimmed with
A circular ruffle;.. in shades *of red and navy ,
yy\ stripes; sizes 4 to 7 years. A very service-
/V^i^ajA able little dress for summer CJJ ifk
//• HPil wear......
// ' Ml I I- Baby's sizes,' 6 months to 4 years, 85c.
WJ^^is- MAIL ORDERS filled on ajl goods ex-
[Wh • We$?^ cept those advertised at special sale prices.
J^P^- ; ETON ; SUITS.
W-'^^qf^A ¦ BOYS' ETON SUITS, as' illustrated';
f!f$ •>' '^Q*37^ w ' t ' 1 f xtra l' ncn collar; made of all-wool,
: Z^i~.M mannish, gray and tan fancy mixtures;
v£tf $-^v* v|% '- * ' silk tic; sizes' 3. to'.s years. .
"'¦¦¦¦'¦'-- ' Regu!ar,PrJcc $7.50.
w^^m^ On salc Monda y on| y at
• 9/8 922 >/W4KK£T<S7:
v '¦"• Our new (spring and; summer ..,"•. Exclusive Pacific Coast •
catalogue willlbe issued 'about; ,: 'agents' for the "Arnold" Knit
March 10. ; It will contain the 'ooodV "knd\ Gertrude Outfits
• ' |i uS^ soldi by rMrs^Ober):
:.,.;, It, will be sent free. ¦ . ; Illustrated Catalogue free. ,The development of this work, origin
of the theory, discovery and invention
of the system cover a period since 169S,
when the first work was done at Santa
Clara College by Father Bell. The work
throughout has been carried on with
minute analysis of every detail in con-
SANTA CLARA, March 5.— With an
absolutely new theory, which they say
will bring to scientists a new principle
of energized electric force as applied to
transmission of messages without
¦wires, Rev. Father Richard H. Bell,
professor of physics at Santa Clara
College, and his associate, Professor
John Montgomery, have completed a
system of wireles telegraphy, upon
¦which they will secure patents the pres
ent month.
Spec'ai Dispatch to The Call.
Success Rewards the Scientific Electrical Researches of the Rev.
Father Richard H. Bell and Professor John Montgomery, Dis
tinguished Members of the Santa Clara College Faculty
LOCAL SCIENTISTS INVENT A NEW
SYSTEM OF WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY
Continued ' on I Page 38, Column 4.
"In signaling we set up two lamps
rrith powerful "reflectors, one in the
tower at Santa Clara College and the
other on a height at the villa, a sort
of Paul Revere arrangement," he
added with a laugh.
"By this means we could tell when
a wireless signal was sent and ac
knowledge Its receipt. The signals were
verified by visual mes -e. There
xi-as found a correspondence between
them both."
H.ere the tneory of Maxwell was ex-
SEND WJIII£LESS SIGNALS.
"When we began our' experiments
over this distance of seven miles ' we
had no assurance that the contrivance
would work, and In order to know when
the instrument was touched at either
point and we might expect the audible
click upon its transmission, we 'em
ployed a system of signals.
Father Bell is rotund, yet vigorous
end muscular, and In the prime of man
hood. . The pleasant manner in which
be greets one, his cheery, animated face
and jolly laugh, are no doubt responsi
ble for the popularity he enjoys among
his associates of the faculty and among
the students at Santa Clara and at St.
Ignatius College, San Francisco. . v 7.
"We are doing work here that will
have an Important bearing on the
future of wireless transmission," he be
gan. "The first actual work was done
In 18S8, though I had made it a study
for some time previous. After some in
vestigation in that year I dropped the
subject, and for two years or more did
nothing. I was then at St. Ignatius Col
lege, where conditions were not favor
able for experiments. In the beginning
of 1903 the first experiments here were
carried on from the fathers' villa in the
Santa Cruz Mountains, a distance of
ceven miles. A common Ruhmkorff coil
was used, and the receiver was the or
dinary coherer, which was improved by
the addition of carbon and silver. The
coherer is a small glass tube, having
two metallic terminals or plugs of silver
inserted. These are separated by a
space in the tube, in which space the
powder of carbon and silver is secured.
This was invented by Branley and won
derfully improved by MarconL
TELLS OF EXPERDIEVTS.
During the past three months the work
has been steadily pursued by Father
Bell and Professor Montgomery. Hav
ing" now practically completed their
preliminary investigations and the task
of conetructing such apparatus as •will
prove the commercial- value of their
BVBtem, Father Bell consented to make
the matter public
nection with Investigations made. ,It
•was through this precise inspection of
all phenomena encountered that these
biro delvers into the realm of scientific
electrical research were rewarded with
the discovery they will make public In
lectures to be given at College Hall as
soon as the application for letters pat
ent has been filed at Washington.
"More interesting yet, we discov
ered another effect, which we have
called 'the breathing of the magnet.'
This, so far as known, has never been
hinted at or remarked by any exper
imenter or investigator. It is a sound
to be likened only to a deep, regular
respiration. This 'breathing of . the
magnet' gives us an auditory manifes
tation through the medium of that
most delicate of all electrical instru
ments, the telephone, of the principle
actuating and underlying that instru
ment. It seems to be the soul' of the
instrument- It leads us Into knowl
edge of what takes place when the
oscillatory effect bv the aerial . line is
received and is translated into the
click which we hear in. the instrument.
This Is evidently the effect of the im
pression of the oscillatory wave on
this magnetic' breath, which is attrib-
"These experiments," he continued,
"satisfied us that we were on the right
track. We then began to build ap
paratus for sending messages longer
distances.- At first it was uphill work.
We had to make all our own appar
atus, for we had but little In the way
of financial resource back of us, and
have, little now. First we constructed
the transmitter, which is called the
Tesla oscillator. ' To operate this we
had to make a transformer for the,al
ternating current, which was done by
Mr. Montgomery and . myself.
. "With this transformer we use the
commercial current of the Standard
Electric Company, which Is * trans
formed from a pressure of 110 volts
as it comes into the house up to 20,
000 volts. This is the current used
in the oscillator, being further raised
to an approximate voltage of some
where between a million and a million
and a half.
BREATHING OF THE MAGNET.
"Lines were then run "from the in
struments to the top of the scientific
building, 120 feet, and to the roof of
the college theater. Then we oper
ated on these lines to secure syntony,
and messages were clearly transmit
ted within short ranges. We had a
task with oscillators. I do. not know
how many, but we made a number
before we got one that gave proper
oscillation. The receiving apparatus
required immense labor when we
turned our attention to that part. We
began with the ordinary coherer, then
constructed the magnetic detector of
Marconi and found mnrlced effects.
For instance, one of th? curious re
sults was that we v.ere able to tell
the quality of a current from a Ruhm-;
korff coll, whether positive or nega
tive.
plained; that light and electricity, be
ing related and causing" in transmis
sion a transverse molecular or atom
ical motion, travel at the same rate
through space. The light from the
college tower reached the villa heights
at the same instant that the electric
click was heard.
"Heretofore," continued Father Bell,
"the system used In sending and re
ceiving was the ordinary Marconi
method. To come to the vital part of
my story, we have discovered, or . In
vented, aside from this, a system of
wireless telegraphy quite distinct and
apart from the Marconi. or any other
method. Its possibilities are greater
and it Is capable of large development.
"We have not. the funds to cover the
cost of this development, "but we arc
confident that a complete, equipment
can be constructed for less than $3000.
The details of this system I cannot
speak ' of minutely, Dut as soon as
patents are secured or the application
is filed we will give to the public the
details of the construction and opera
tion through the press and in public
lectures at this institution— probably
during the present month. The lec
tures will deal with the Hertzian wave
ar.d its application to wireless tele
graphy. Many of the experiments of
the celebrated Professor Hertz, wltfch
are among the most beautiful known,
will be shown.
"In the scheme of wireless tel
egraphy Maxwell's - is the : underlying
principle. His was the mind of the
whole. Clerk Maxwell tried to estab
lish the relation of light and electric
ity, or rather the identification of elec
tromagnetlsm and light, •¦ which, he
claimed, were one. Experimental
proofs were wanting, • however,' until
Hertz, by a series of most classic ex
periments, substantiated the views of
Maxwell. ; Then came ' the application
of the -Hertzian , wave to ,' wireless ; tel -
egraphy/by Popoffand Marconi. , We
have worked along these"' lines, and
will soon ¦ be] prepared to show, the, re
sult of our Investigations."..'
Father Bell then explained his be
lief that electric waves In wireless
transmission do not pass through
large solids In the form of mountains,
but over them. For, instance, . the
slight rise of" the San Bruno hills has
rendered the transmission of "wire
less", to San Francisco a difficult thing
to accomplish, while on an open plain
or across a body of water, where, no
intervening obstruction occurs, trans
mission for long -distances Is easy.. It
is reasonable to infer that this condi
tion is accountable for the present ex
tensive use of. the wireless telegraph
on ocean-going vessels, while Its avail
ability on land in still attended with
difficulties.
SYSTEM IS DISTINCT.
"Then we mad^ the Caselli receiver,
the Branley 'Jigger,' a small tripod af
fair used as a- coherer, • which goes
jigging, thus breaking the current and
producing: the click for transmission
of the message. Other receivers also
were made, the principle in which
depended on the occidation of sur
faces.
"We were not satisfied with these.
Accordingly we turned our attention
to a receiver of our own. This has been
completed. It is more delicate by far
than any of the others, and we have
tested it repeatedly. I cannot now
give you an account of it, for we de
sire to secure patents before disclosing
the details of its construction."
INVENT NEW RECEIVER.
uted by some to what is called hys
teresis. *. .
'Mrs.* Madden's "charges against her
husband "are '¦ sensational in the ex
treme, though the expected allegations
concerning Mndden's alleged improper
conduct with the wives of army of
ficers are "entirely lacking. In 'their
stead* are mentioned /.the -names • of
women*! of ill-repute in the Philippines.
"i The ' other charges ¦ preferred by the
scorned woman against her. army hus
band are 'equally* sensational; but not
along the same lines. '> She > says, ;for
instance, that he has spurn
ed her affectionate 'advances and "that
never, durihg^thelrmarried^life has he
done'anything to' show that he had for
Concerning Captain Madclen's charge
that she has been an unfaithful, wife
and guilty of conduct with Hector. A.
Robichon unbecoming a' good and true
woman Mrs- Madden says but little.
She simply .denies' that she ever for
got her marriage vows or did aught
that would bring the blush" of shame
to her, cheeks. . But concerning her hus
band's conduct " ever since their mar
riage at Fort McPherson, Georgia, in
1893, she has a' lot -to" say. " She alleges
that, from the time .the; ceremony that
united them was performed he j has
been cruel and brutal; She says that
they;. had not been . married . ten ; min
utes wlien,.Madden cursed her and her
father. and . the guests at. the wedding,
and that, from then, on to the filing of
the complaint for divorce. he was guilty
of. "painfully offensive. /shocking, and
humillating'conduct and great conjugal
unklndness.V , She. says he /never al
lowed hereto follow him from post to
post, , as she. desired ana j as she con
sidered as a" loving and ' dutiful, wife
she should' do. She says that. .though
they, have been married for six years,
they have not been together, for more
than two years and four" months, and
all because Madden refused to 'allow
her .to follow the dictates of her heart
and jc-In. him at the. various posts, to
which he v.-as as a- captain . In 'the
United States", army to duty.
Instead,* she says, " of ' allowing her to
be with him. he compelled. her to live
alone or. with his parents, thus expos
ing, her to unkind comment and to the
Insults of his, father, who", she say?.' is
her, bitter enemy and bent upon de
stroying, her peace" and quiet and good
name, as a. woman and laying wife.
\ w'*MANr CORRESPONDENTS.
PLEADS INNOCENCE.
One of * the most- remarkable docu
ments ever put on record in .the County
Clerk's office was filed yesterday by
Edith' May " Madde'n," def en'dant'lri" "the
stilt . for. divorce ' brought' by Captain
John A. Madden, United army.
It ' purports ¦ to be an "answer - to Cap-^
tain Madden's; complalntr and: it is' so
far. as it contains : a denial of the.
charges made by , Captain Madden.
Otherwise it. is a. denunciation of the
entire Madden family.- .The document
is' -twelve pages in length; and from
the- first page to the last there is not
a line that' does not contain something
that* reflects 'on -the -honor '.of- the Mad
den' family, particularly- Captain Mad
den ' and his' father, Jerome Madden,
the capitalist. , It closes' with a, prayer
thaf the court "give its protection to. a
woman hounded by a • cruel husband
and a bitter father-in-law; "that Cap
tain John A. Madden be denied a de
cree of divorce and. he and his father
be compelled to : restore to her arms
her one. child, who, she says, she loves
better than her life, and who if allowed
to remain with -the Maddens she fears
will have, his sensibilities blunted -and
his usefulness. as a' citizen and a- son
spoiled." She also' asks that "the army
officer be compelled to pay her monthly
sufficient money to keep her and' her
child. , .'"•'.-
washed and untidy."
j'Mrs. Madden also alleges that her
husband never gave* her the kind treat
ment usually accorded a wife by a lov
ing husband. She says that from the
.time her first child was born. In Febru
ary. 1SS9. to September of the same year
he never so much as vouchsafed her a
kind- word. She says that though he
' knew of the death of the chl 1 . he never
even sent her a message of consolation
or a line of 'sympathy. "He even," says
Mrs. Madden, "delegated to a stranger
the task "of sending a Christmas' pres
ent to me. The stranger sent the pres
ent and also a bill for Its cost. He even,
when my baby was sick, compelled me
to carry' wood up two flights of stairs,
and once when'l was convalescing from
a' ; serious illness compelled me to walk,
| up the , stairs. ; notwithstanding that he
had received orders from the doctor not
toi allow me to put my feet upon :the
floor."
.•'The » rest of the document Is used by
her any. love. . On the contrary, she '
says, he * has [eyer placed her in hu
miliating positions by his conduct,
and -by -his- gross neglect of her and
her child has held her up to ridicule.
Sh'e says he has denied her his society
when at home and otherwise treated
her In such a way. that she has been
affronted, by others andmade the ob
ject, of the scorn of. the. public, "
• .; : DUNNED FOR BILLS.
She says he never provided her with
the common necessaries of life or* with
sufficient clothing to keep- herself
warm and that for more than a year
he compelled her to live 'upon the
credit given her by tradespeople and
then when he had means refused to
pay more than half the bills she con
tracted. She says that she has always
been' dunned because of his neglect
and failure to act like a gentleman,
not only by the tradespeople, but by
his father. The latter, she says,
dunned her continually for the cost of
her board and lodging incurred while,
because of the neglect of his son, she
lived' at his home.
; In, one of , the several closely type
written pages devoted by Mrs. Madden
to her spouse she says that one of the
reasons her husband. did not provide
for her was his conduct in the army.
She says that he drank to such a de
gree-and so neglected his duties that
for several months at a time his salary
was retained by the Government. She
says. that upon his return to this city
in November, 1899. she learned this
fact and for a year after his arrival
here he received no salary. She says
that during all this time she got what
she needed in the- way of provisions
and clothing on credit.
» SAYS HE- IS - UNKEMPT.
Mrs. Madden' devotes more than a
page of her answer to Madden's per
sonal habits. She avers that he is a
heavy drinker, that he frequently gets
drunk on duty 'and carouses • around
with women of little reputation or none
at all, and that he is "unkempt and
filthy, so much so that at times to re
main In the same room with him Is
more than a person of refined sensibili
ties can stand." She says his conduct
in this respect has outraged her feelings
and made her position unbearable and
intolerable. Continuing she says of her
husband: *',•'*"'
. "He refuses to bathe, notwithstand
ing the presence of every convenience
for cleanliness- He is slovenly in. his
dress; instead of wearing the neat,
customary uniform of the army ha
Would constantly appear on duty and
in public — and thereby humiliate her
by general criticism — without a shirt,
his collars and cuffs pinned to his
blouse, his blouse buttoned over a dirty
undershirt and his whole dress un-
SCIENTISTS WHO HAVE IN
VENTED A NEW SYSTEM OF
WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY.
WIFE OF AN ARMY .OFFICER WHO BITTERLY ARRAIGNS HER
HUSBAND AND' HIS FAMILY IN HER ANSWER TO HIS PETI-
TION- FOR A DIVORCE - - -
"During this time I' saw the men on
deck ; pulling up a number'of barrels
and boxesJ"THe"y\ were. busy, all day, at
this i -and ' the -. deck; of the launch' was
covered , with boxes, . barrels .and kegs.
These looked qVite, new. r dnef of \the
"This morning I walked along Vls
cato Beach, northward . from Bakers
Beach, toward Fort . Point. - v A steam
launch twenty- five or. thirty feet, long
was stationed out: about 600 or S00
yards from the shore and. a quarter;of
a mile south of .the -point, r A small
boat .floated at the. stern of the launch,
which seemed to be anchored- or.- fast
to some fixed object,; as -I. could; see
her line-running into, the- water. I
could not. make , out;, the., name on the
launch, but- counted 1 seven men.in all
on her.dcck. \ On- the; starboard side
was a ladder, and /at the. stern of the
boat were several • things g that j looked
like fire hose, but which. I think were
tubes running down to a diver > below.
I saw a diver ; in full armor come up
out of .the (Water, j I reached ;the beach
r*9 a.:m. and found'the launch. there
then. • I remained watching; the? boat
until • it returned in the direction of
the city at 3' p. m. .-.- ..
CARGO FROM - THE DEEP. ' . ;
The best account of the work of the
wreckers was given last night by Vic
tor Killick, the 15-year-.oldsori of Fred
H. Killick, teacher of swimming at Su
tro Baths, near the^ cliff. The elder Kil
lick has been watching the operations
of the launch crew" for several -days
with great interest, in the -belief that
they probably had some connection
with the Rio. Yesterday morning he
sent his son Victor," who is a very intel
ligent lad and -familiar with scenes
along the sea- front, to watch • the
wreckers during. the day. .Victor.* armed
with a powerful glass, proved a good
observer. His story" as told. last night
is as follows: . . ;.•»?-
STORY OF WRECKERS.
No positive evidence on; the subject
was "ever made-public. -> If the owners
knew, they kept silent. If. private in
vestigators* learned *. anything definite
of the dead ship's grave they, tQO, said
nothing.: Meanwhile the scores of .theo
ries formed ,for raising ship or cargo
when located came to nothing.
During the last fortnight residents in
the thinly, settled 'region overlooking
Fort Point have observed daily the
movements of a. steam launch which
came around the point and anchored or
made fast to a- buoy about a quarter of
a mile" southwest of Fort ' Winfleld
Scott. The- half-dozen men on" boa" rd
the launch, kept. .their.; own- .counsel,
however, and it has transpired only
within the. last twenty-four hours that
the mysterious party was . working in
the hope of salving the cargo of the
Rio. This leaked, 'out in ' spite of their
efforts to k'eep it a profound secret. .The
story current among a -few. men on the
water front yesterday was that divers
from the launch had found the Rio ly
ing on'her'side," that they had -attached
a line to her mizzerimast and a buoy
to this " line at the surface, and were
tying the launch to this buoy" each day
while they proceeded -with the work of
breaking into the hold. But "the iden
tity of the wreckers and the ownership
of the launch, as well as its name, have
been so well concealed that they are
still among the mysteries which cluster
thick about -the whole post mortem
history of the lost .vessel. ¦•*-'.'
THEORIES ARE ¦ VAINV
wreck. "lay in '.the- deep . sea near Mile
Rockj . JuEt outside, the ' Heads. ,* Others
were . sure that, in . spite*, of the ; fierce
tides, It had not moved .far from* its
original .berth near Fort "Point."" :';
The Pacific Mail steamer Rio de Ja
neiro, which went down in the Golden
Gate on the' morning of Washington's
birthday, 1901. has at last, it is believed,
been located. Quietly, very quietly,
the raising of her cargo is said to have
been begun yesterday.
The "famous ship; bearing a precious
freight of bullion and merchandise and
a still more precious freight of 210 hu
man beings, struck a rock off Fort
Point at 5:20 a. m. Dense- fog over
hung land and sea at- that hour, and it
was Pilot Jordan's violation of the com
pany's rules' against entering a harbor
under such conditions that caused this,
the most horrifying disaster in the
maritime history of the Pacific Coast.
The ship sank' at 5:33 o'clock, carry
ing down with her 130 persons. . Her
cargo was estimated - at the time ' to
have been worth $1,200,000, including
$600,000 in specie. The vessel, built in
1878, was valued at $700,000. '•
Ever since that fatal morning at
tempts have been made to find the
sunken • ship. Innumerable
ments of her discovery have been
given" out by sanguine wreckers, but
they were never confirmed:' Even her
general location was: in doubt.r many
water front men;cbntending,'.that the
Operations of Diver and
His Companions in Lift
ing* Boxes and, Barrels
Described liy Eyewitnesses
"The population of this city has in
creased very largely within the last
three years," he said. "The records of
the water company, the railroad com
panies, the gas companies and the
California Promotion Committee show
that the -population of San Francisco
] must be very nearly 420,000 — being an
| increase of 80,000 since the census of
1900. Statistics compiled by the most
authentic sources show that the busi
ness area of the city for mall delivery
purposes has increased 25 per cent.
In J901 we delivered 143,000 pieces of
first-class mall matter, mostly letters,
a day. In 1903 the average ran up to
199,000 pieces a day.
"A large number of big apartment
houses have been going up, both north
and south of Market street, within the
last three years." resumed Mr. FJsk.
"Office buildings have been built con
taining from 100 to 200 rooms and the
Flood building has as many, as 800
rooms. The bulk of the big apart
ment houses are being erected between
I Mason. Leavenworth. Market and
California streets. People residing be
yond Broderick street are very much
Incommoded by the large amount of
mall daily taken back to the Postofflce
by the carriers and marked "Not de
livered for want of time.* In the resi
dence part of the city the volume of
first-class mall for delivery has in
creased 30 per cent during the last
three years."
General Court-Martial to Meet.
General court-martial will meet at
the infantry cantonment at the Pre
sidio at 10 o'clock on "Wednesday. The
following officers have been detailed
to serve on the court: Major Henry B.
Moon. Tenth Infantry; Captain James
T. Dean, Tenth Infantry; Captain Mar
cus B. Stokes, Tenth Infantry; Cap
tain John H. Parker. Twenty-eighth
Infantry; Captain William J. Lutz.
Twenty-eighth Infantry;, First Lieuten
ant Walter S. Brown, battalion ad
jutant. Tenth Infantry; First Lieu
tenant Lorenzo D. Gasser. Twenty
; eighth Infantry; " Second Lieutenant
Charles W. Harris, Twenty-eighth In
fantry; Second Lieutenant Frederick
F. Black, Tenth Infantry; First Lieu
tenant Joel R. Lee, Tenth Infantry,
judge : Ivocate.
Major John P. Wisser gave the
forces at the Presidio a rest yesterday,
but will take up the annual inspection
again to-morrow. The coast artillery
will receive his attention early In the
week.
Major William Stephenson's home
has been brightened by the arrival of
his two charming sisters from Port-
I land. Me.. Miss Stephenson and Miss
' Marion Stephenson.
General Frank M. Coxe is slowly re
covering from a severe attack of . grip
at his apartments in the St. Nicholas.
Lieutenant Nolan V. Ellis, Eleventh
Infantry, reported at headquarters
yesterday on leave.
Mrs. Madden to express her regard for
her father-in-law, Jerome Madden.
"He,"* she says, "who took my child,
whom I love better than my life, from
me is unfit to have . the care of any
child. He is my bitter enemy, and has
done and will do everything In his
power to estrange ray child from me.
Jfe is and has been during all the tim»
he has been a father irascible, intoler
ant, self-sufficient, narrow, obstinate,
hard and overbearing. He has treated
his own- children in a cold, harsh and
unnaturally cruel manner. They have
no respect for him and are mortally
afraid of him. While they were minors
he never supported them. He drove
one of his sons and threatened to drive,
the other from home. One of his sons
is a' libertine and a gambler and the
other Is my husband. To leave my
.child with them will blunt his sensi
bilities, weaken his character and de
stroy his usefulness as a citizen and a
son." 1
Postmaster Fisk said yesterday that
he had not heard the contents of the
report, but he was confident that he
had demonstrated beyond question. the
necessity* for the addition of at least
thirty-one carriers to the present
working force.
Mr. Fisk lost no time in thoroughly
informing himself as to the wants of
the department and after considerable
investigation and calculation he con
cluded that at least thirty-one carriers
should be added to the present force
In order to do the work in a passably
satisfactory manner. In response to
his recommendation the Postmaster
General appointed Inspector Fisher of
New Orleans. Inspector Flavin of Spo
kane and Inspector Fredericks of Den
ver to visit this city and make a thor
ough investigation into the carrier de
livery here. Their labors were com
pleted about a week ago and their re
port i3 now in the hands of the Post
master General.
One of. the most serious problems
that engrossed' the> attention of Post
master Arthur G. Fisk upon his taking
charge of the office in this city was
the carrier delivery service. The un
precedentedly rapid growth of the city
since the national census was taken in
190,0 has made great demands upon
the letter-carrier service and it has
been found that a large addition must
be made to the force of carriers or all
attempts to deliver mail promptly
abandoned.
LAUNCH MAKES FAST
TO HER MIZZENMAST
Arthur G: Fisk Estimates In
crease in Population at
Fully Eighty Thousand
Mysterious Crew of Wreck
ers Reported to Be Rais
ing Cargo From Hold of
the Ill-Fated Steamship
ADDITIONAL MEX ASKED
Postoffice Is Hampered for
Lack of Larger Force of.
Carriers to Do the AVork
In Answer to Divorce Complaint, Wife
-of Army' Captain Prays the Court" to
Save Her From Her Husband's Family
MAY HAVE
FOUND THE
RIO'S HULK
CITY'S GROWTH
IS MARVELOUS
"GIVE ME PROTECTION"
IS MRS. MADDEN'S PLEA
Pages 3Sto fy
V^-s. "" ' ITT -¦<:,
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, MARCH G, 1904.
. ' , „','»¦-¦ ' . ¦ * ' ¦ ¦ ¦ *'""¦."¦ 'A characteristic story of the late Sir
Hector Macdonald is just told. Always
a man of few words, -when sending his
only son to a public school for the first
time ; he addressed -. the: following • brief
note * to the headmaster: "Herewith
boy Hector, to be made a man of."
In a letter advocating apian for the
establishment in ; England - of a great
scientific school Lord ¦ Rosebery '•' says:
"It is little short of scandalous that our
ambitious youths should • be obliged to
resort ; to the United States ; and Ger
many* for technical training." ¦;•'„
A young man named Richard Moore
was arrested last night by Police Of
ficers Nelson and Joy and charged
with burglary. Moore was discovered
in a room occupied by Richard'Nel
son in the Prescott House on Kearny
street. Kelson's wife, who is a large
woman, caught' him at work, and,
pouncing on the hapless burglar with
her 250 pounds avoirdupois, sat on him
until help arrived. Moore had se
cured seven cigars and a pair of wool
en socks. He is believed by the police
to be the man who has been- robbing
hotel rooms in that part of town for
some time past. : .
Burglar Caught . at Work.
Under such circumstances it is not
to be wondered at that the golf handi
cap match play competition has not
progressed far. The match between
L. F. Monteagle and George E. Starr
not having been played within the four
days appointed for the first'round, both
contestants have been disqualified. S.
L». Abbot Jr., thus takes his match in
the "second found by default R. I.
Bentley beat S. C. Buckb^e 3 up 2 to
play, and Perry Eyre defeated j A. - S.
Lllley 2 upi Rolla V. Watt is matched
against R- G. Hanford.
In the third or semi-final round S.
L; Abbot Jr. will play against R.. I.
Bentley.'and the winner of the Watt-
Hanford match Is matched against
Perry Eyre. The matches in the \ sec
ond round must be concluded to-day,
and four days are allowed for the semi
final round.
The course of the San Francisco Golf
Club fs in an unplayable condition at
present. It has been scored in every
direction by the wheels of artillery and
the hoofs of cavalry horses. The sur
face has been entirely destroyed " in
many spots and the undersoil exposed
where cayalry horses have stood in
groups. The water stands in deep holes
and will disappear only by evaporation.
Second Round of Handicap Match
Play Contest Will Be Concluded
To-Day.
PRESIDIO GOLF LINKS
V ' IN UNPLAYABLE STATE
Fifth race one mile — Palm Reader won, Co
hasset second. Annora J third. Time, 1:41?4.
Sixth race, mile and a sixteenth. - selling —
Flora Bright won, Bugle Horn second. Wel
come Light third. Time. l:4S}-j.
Third race, hurdles, mile and a quarter-
Theory won, Accolade second, Don Ami third.
Time. 2:19.
Fourth race, mile and a sixteenth. Arlington
Hotel purse — Honolulu won. Paul Whaley sec
ond. Ralph Young third. Time. 1:46%.
Second race, four and a half furlongs — Never
Fret won. Jim Along second. Duelist third.
Time. :54.
First race, elx furlongs, eelllne— Mike
Strauss won. Dusky Secret second. Miss Guldo
third. Time. 1:15.
HOT SPRINGS. Ark.. March 5.— Essex Park
results:
Racing at Hot Springs.
NEW ORLEANS,, March 5.— Crescent City
results:
First race. Beven furlonsrs — John Doyle won,
Yellow Hammer 6econd. Scotch Thistle third.
Time, 1:29.
Second race, mile and a sixteenth, selling —
MacBeth won, Mauser second. Lee King third.
Time. 1 :48.
Third race, five and n half furlongs — Clare
mont won. Malster second, Palmist third.
Time. 1 :07.
Fourth race, mile and a quarter. Oakland
handicap — Tribes Hill won, Ostrich second,
Alfred F. Dewey third. Time. 2:06 3-5.
Fifth race, selling, six furlontrs— Athlana
won Sid Silver second. Banana Cream third.'
Time, 1:13 4-5. "•
Sixth race, one mile — Pai>t won. McWllllams
second. Miss AVcst third. Time, 1:42.
New Orleans Race Results.
couple of lengths, Veterano was second
and the favorite third. Martin picked
the good going: on the outside with
Veterano, but Powell seemed to get
his dates mixed and drawing his whip
steered " Horatius into the deep foot
ing on the rail. Although little .Cross
waite, astride Grafter, looked tired, he
kept diligently at work digging his
heels into the outsider's ribe and
through sheer gameness the son of
Cicero led .Veterano over the line win
ner by a neck. Horatius. too, fought
it out gamely, but his mud handicap
proved too much, and while .closing
strongly, could not get up in time.
Ridden with any judgment at all he
could not have lost. The time was
3:58, seven seconds short of the rec
ord.
TITUS IS A SURPRISE.
Favorites had a hard inning of it,
Hainault alone being decorated with
brackets. Titus, a heavily backed long
shot, was put over the plate first by-
Johnny Butler, and barring this little
pleasantry, the books must have had
a profitable day.
Skip Me, an enigmatical sort of
mare that periodically has winning
•fits, captured the introductory Futur
ity course sprint. She was one of the
second choices and won ridden out
from Argot, the mount of Travers.
Dora I, the mild favorite, led almost
Martin's lethargic spell continued
on to the next race, his effort on Nonie
being extremely ludicrous. The mare
opened an 8 to 5 favorite, receding
to 13 to 5. Jack 'got her away from
the post poorly and apparently 'made
no endeavor to win. This made it
possible for a "killing" to be made on
Titus, a gelding owned by Dan Meek
and ridden by Tommy Butler. Open
ing at 30, the best obtainable about
this bottled up one at post time was
13. He went out in front, winning all
the way. .Our Pride, another long
shot, beat Foxy Grandpa a neck for
the place. Albemarle made a fairly
good showing to the stretch, where he
began falling back.
Travers rode perfect race on
Hainault, favorite for the fifth event,
disposing of Mlsty's Pride rather easily
at the wire. The latter mare was
strongly fancied by her stable folks
and cut out a sizzling pace. In the
run home the first choice* gradually
closed on her and had something left
as he passed the judges, nearly a
length to the good. Buxton finished
third on Mlmo. Evea G again ran a
'disappointing race. r •
It was difficult to tell almost which
one of the six starters in the final
mile and fifty yard selling affair really
was favorite at one stage of the bet
ting. Byronerdale had a slight call
as the horses were called out and fin
ished second. Keynote, which won a
race on the previous day, was again
successful. "Doc" Kyle's horse, with
C Smith on his back, passed the fa
vorite on the far turn and Was only
galloping at the" wire. Frank Woods,
carefuly ridden by Martin, ran a close
third. j
MARTIN IN A TRANCE.
to the saddling paddock, where she
faltered, finishing third. ;...,'
Jack Martin and his bundling meth
ods - at the post accomplished the
downfall of The Mist, favorite for the
two-year-old scramble at half a mile.
On the strength of her previous win
the filly .looked almost a certainty and
her odds fell from even to 1 to 10. As
the barrier was released Martin man
aged to get cut off and bumped by
both George P. McNear and Edge
cliff, costing him considerable ground.
See skimmend awav in the lead with
McNear and though the favorite re
sponded nobly to punishment, she
could not quite get up, McNear getting
a neck, decision. Bell, on Edgecliff,
after bumping The Mist at the start,
fell back, then came on again, run
ning a good third. Al Dobson's shifty
looking colt Ben Eric ran green and
was not prominent at the end.
Cigar Store Is Robbed.
J. C. Cuneo. who conducts a cigar
store at the corner of Vallejo and
Montgomery avenue, reported to the
police, last night that his place had
been burglarized early yesterday
morning. The burglar got $10 from
the till and a slot machine.
In Taranaki, Australia, is a church
labeled in large letters* on its outside
walls -with the names and trades of a
grocer, a draper, a painter and a miller.
These -tradesmen built the church in
return for the advertisement they ob
tain.
SEXSATIOXAL FINISH FOR THE WATERHOUSE CUP EVENT YES
TERDAY' AT r OAKLAND RACETRACK/ THE WINNER AND THE
JOCKEY WHO PILOTED HIM CLEVERLY TO VICTORY.
In the island of Luzon there are near
ly a million acres of rolling pine land,
with no underbrush or tropical vegeta
tion, where the climate is like that of
the upper Alleghany Mountains in June.
The Kroo-boys (a tribe of aborigines
inhabiting the seacoast of Liberia), as
is well known in the shipping world,
are the West Coast seamen. They are
the stevedores and longshoremen of
Africa. :L -.^ v;r.;. v
. Mrs. C. W. Pilban," rooming: in the
Bradbury Hotel on Polk street, was
found unconscious and nearly asphyx
iated yesterday morning. The woman
has shown signs of despondency of late
and it is evident that she intended to
end her life. .Two hours later Paul
Moren, living at 105 Ellis street, was
found in the same condition. The
case of Moren was accidental. Both
will recover.
Were Nearly Asphyxiated.
The track was slow and each rider
was cautioned by. the different trainers
to right shy of the rail for at least eight
or ten feet, where the footing was
heavy and gluey. Jake Holtman expe
rienced no difficulty in sending them
away nicely aligned. For more than a
mile Outburst cut out the running, Rio
Shannon, Grafter and the field closely
bunched behind him. Just after passing
the clubhouse turn the second time
Crossvaite on Grafter was signaled to
go on. and he suddenly spurted, open
ing up a gap of fully a dozen lengths
over his company. Veterano and Hora
tius were the only ones able to respond
to urging, and flowly they mowed down
the outsider's big lead.
Entering the stretch the last time
Grafter's lead had been reduced to a
TI5ACK IS SLOW
Horatius. assigned 108 pounds, was
<oupl«?d with Outburst, the pair being
held at 11 to 5. Veterano. it was known,
had received an especially good "prep,"
and Walt Vivell's horse, with 104 pounds
tu shoulder, had next call at threes.
Modicum. Horton, The Way and Rio
Shannon were nibbled at. In all nine
horses faced the webbing.
Ac a rule, long distance events usu
ally see the winner finishing half an
hour in front, with an afternoon inter
vening before the arrival of the third
horse and the balance of the field. Not
s?o, however, with the Waterhouse cup,
at two and a quarter miles, which was
decided in gloomy, drizzling sort of
weather before a large attendance yes
ttrday at Oakland track.
Grafter, an 8 to 1 chance, crossed the
wire but a scant neck before Veterano,
the favorite Horatius third, less than
a leng-th farther back and closing on
the leaders. Of course, the other start
ers were strung out at the end, but it
was pretty juggling of weights on the
part of the handicapper, for the best
ones fought it out.
Grafter, the entry of Blasingame
Brothers of Fresno, was ridden by Ap
prentice Crosswaite, an unassuming lit
tle fellow, and he stole the race, which,
by the way, netted his employers $3325.
On the other hand, Iva Powell, who
rode Horatius, threw the race away on
the best horse. Jack Martin piloted
Veterano. and while he may have erred
in letting Crosswaite open too big a
gap, little fault could be found with his
work.
Horatius, the First
Choice, Runs
Third.
Don Pedro beat Medley, 7-2; Tralee Lass
beat Van Nora, 3-0; Ragged Actor b«at Clus
ter, 5:0; Topsy Turvey beat Gunfire. 6-2; Fris
ky Boy beat Mollie Me. 6-2; Roy Hughle beat
All Green, 5-0; Spotless Beauty beat Doc
Burns. 4-3; Honest John beat Frank Dunn, 5-.1;
Queen's Motto beat Prometheus. 3-2; Slievena
mon beat Yellowtall, 7-0; Viklngr beat Sofala,
0-4; Sliver Cloud beat Van Alba, 5-0; Northern
Alarm beat Jlgamoroo, (5-3; Fairy Belle beat
Northern Lad. 4-0; Maid of the Glen beat Lit
tle Lucy. 6-1 ;' Frisky Barbara, beat Glancing
Pasha, 0-1: Heredine beat Glaucus. 0-2; Pepper
Hill beat False Alarm, 11-3; Black Coon beat
Reckless Acrobat, 6-2; Loretta beat Walter G
7-3: Luxury beat Hero, 5-2; Manru beat Mark.
Twain, 7-5; Jimmy Anthony Beat Sylvester,
3-0; Golden Lisht beat Gold Chain, 6-2; Lily
Wright beat White Stockings, 4-3; Texas Hoo
Hoo beat J E H, 3-2; Siren beat Bella Lloyd,
4-3; Jerry Wright beat Master <Clalr,- 4-0; Bon
nie Pasha beat Summer Girl, 5-2; Icellus beat
Tom Hurlick, 3-2; Red Rock beat Rolla Wells,
<-4; Bob R beat Una. 3-0; Colored Lady beat
Aurelia, 4-2; Homer Boy beat Ouida, 4-0; Lit
tle Mercy beat Princess Savoy, 4-1; Young
Johnny Rex beat Pasha Pleasant, 4-2; Clover
Blossom beat Lord Granard, 5-2; Orsina beat
Joe Pasha, 7-1; Silver Heels beat Beauty Gold
fi-0; Gold Lily beat Mountain' Poet. 5-0; Had
dlngton beat Gold Spring, 18-1; Young Fear
less beat Texas Betty, 4-2; Balendine beat lone
Hill. C-4; Lady Menlo beat Helen Hayes. 6-0:
Terra Cotta beat Fiddler. 8-0; Firm Fellow
beat Intruder, 5-4; Lily York beat Lulu Girl,
(J-0; Equator beat Mountain Light, 10-4.
Heredine, with Blackboon, Texas
Hoo Hoo. Silver Heels and Clover
Blossom are expected to be contending
for the big money this afternoon.
Texas Hoo Hoo is a son of For Free
dom and is owned by Cecil Lyon of
Texas. He beat . J E H yesterday in
impressive style and shows consider
able class.
Favorites made almost a clean
sweep of the card, winning forty of
the forty-eight trials. The rain did
not seem to affect the hares, the ma
jority of the trials being fair tests of
the greyhounds. The results in detail,
with Judge Thomas Tlerne5 f 's official
scores, follow:
Heredine, a fawn-colored daughter of
the famous English greyhound Fabulous
Fortune, the sire of this year's Water
loo cup winner, won her trial cleverly
yesterday at Ingleside Coursing Park.
She was drawn against Glaucus, lead
ing and beating her decisively by a
score of six points to two.
Young Corbett has abandoned his
proposed automobile tour and will re
sume his training work to-morrow.
With Jimmy Britt nowadays it Is
work, work, work. Although the clever
boxer was in excellent trim when he
settled down to his training at Croll's
Gardens in Alameda five days ago, he
is not permitting any grass to grow be
neath his heels or adipose upon his
Adonis form. \ When Britt is not on
the .road he is in the room with the
punching bag or on the canvas with
his sparring partners, Fred Landers
and Frank Rafael. His other time is
taken up *vlth sleeping and eating.
Jimmy is an early bird- and soon after
the clock .strikes six he can be ob
served sprinting around the blocks in
the neighborhood of his training camp.
This is done before breakfast.
Britt went on the road yesterday
morning for his usual jaunt of ten
miles. After reaching his quarters
he was subjected the rubdown. In the
afternoon he donned the gloves with
Landers and Rafael and set out a
fast pace for his opponents. Fast
work does not apear to make any dif
ference to Jimmy even at this early
stage of his training, and this Is en
couraging to his admirers. To-morrow
Jimmy expects a crowd of Olympic
Club members and others over to visit
him and If all Is well they will prob
ably be afforded an opportunity to
watch him work out in the gymna
sium.
Fourth race, mile, the San Pedro' selling
stakes. J1000 added— Warte Nicht, 00 (Book
er). 4 to 1, won; Stuyve. 100 (yildebrand), 1
to 3. second: Rag Tar, 100 (Lewis), 0- to 1.
third. Time, l;40&. Best Man also started,
but lost his jockey.
Fifth race, ruile, selllns — Iras, 103 (Hilde
brand). S to 5. won: Ultrudav 100 (Lewis), 2
to 1. second: Platonlus, 100 (Boland). 2 to 1,
third. Time, 1:42!-.. Elie, Maude M, Henry
Clay Rye and John Hughes also ran.
Sixth race. Klauson course, selling — Jane
Holly, 103 (Hildebrand). 3 to 5. won: Jim
Hale. 112 (Mountain), 2 to 1, second: Eugeni*
B. 87 (Lewis). 0 to 1. third. Time, 1:11. Sir
Christopher, Marta. Jack Richelieu Jr. and
Margaret Rowe also ran.
First race, six furlongs, gelling— Katherine
Ennis, 108 (Hildebrand). 4 to 0. won: Skir
mish, 103 (Lawrence). 8 to 1. second: An
drattus. 105 (J. Lewis). 4>4 to 1, third. Time.
1:15. Fitz Stockwell, Military, Ting-a-Ling,
KftS Nok& and Nell Holton also ran.
Second race, five and a half furlongs, purse
— Golden Mineral. 102 (Hildebrand). 1 to 3,
won; Pat Bulser. 113 (Boland), 11 to 2, sec
nnd; Foncasta, 100 (Mountain). 4 to 1, third.
Time, 1:07%. Barrlngton also ran.
'Third race.- handicap, Tiu rifle, one and an
eighth miles-xHeir Apparent. 140 (Suther
land). 7 to 2. won: Sir Hugh, 153 (Schlmmel).
B to 2. second". -Double O 1<V> (Archibald), 4 to
6' third. Time,' 2-03U- Wachusett, .Hondu
rana and Dr. Worth also ran. :
Pat Bulger ran Golden Mineral to a
close finish in the second race at five
and a "half furlongs. Foncasta was
third. The time for the race was
1:07%.
Hildebrand rode a ./stirring finish in
the fifth race on Iras, landing her first
by a neck from Ultruda, with Pla
tonius third. The little jockey just
put his fourth winner for the day
across in. the last race when Jane
Holly galloped home in front of Jim
Hale. Eugenie B got the show,
Weather fine; track fast. The sum
mary:
There was a big crowd in attendance
and the books had plenty of cash to
handle. Four favorites won, three of
them being odds-on. The other two
races went to second choices. Double
O was played to win the hurdle event,
but the weight was too much for him
and he stopped badly in the last six
teenth, allowing Heir Apparent and
Sir Hugh to beat him out.
Katherine Ennis had an easy thing
of it in the first race, winning by half
a dozen lengths from Skirmish, with
Andrattus third.
It is probable that Stuyve would
have won had he not suffered a bad
cut on his left hind leg in the crowd
ing on the first turn. He ran a game
race and was only beaten half a
length. His owner says the injury is
serious and Stuyve will be laid up for
several months. Rag Tag was a close
third at the finish. Mountain was
badly shaken up by his fall from Best
Man, but was able to ride in the last
race.
LOS ANGELES, March 5.— The San
Pedro selling stakes at one mile, the
gross value of which was $1760 and
the net $1390, was won by Warte
Nicht at Ascot Park to-day from
Stuyve and Rag Tag. Best Man, the
fourth starter, lost his. jockey at the
first turn.
They Account for Forty Out
of the Forty-Eight Trials
in Run-Down of Open Stake
Abandons Proposed Automo
bile Tour and Will Com
mence Training on Monday
Although Cut Down at First
Turn He Is Beaten but Half
a* Length for the Stake
A PROMINENT TURFMAN
One of the first persons Mr. Bill
ings asked for upon his arrival yes
terday was Colonel John C. Kirkpat
rick, managing director of the Sharon
estate, who owns a number of fast
roadsters, among them Clipper, which,
in a race at Memphis last year with
Mr. Billings' Greenline and Mr. Smath
ers* Tom Keene, won a cup that is
part of the trophies of which Colonel
Klrkpatrick is proud.
Mr. Billings was lately appointed a
member of the central board of ap
peals of the National Trotting Associa
tion. Racing i3 his greatest hobby and
he spends a fortune every year in
showing his fine animals. He Is a
member of the Cleveland Gentlemen's
Driving Association and of other prom
inent organizations of a similar char
acter throughout the country. In the
more serious side of life he figures as
one of the greatest gas experts in the
United States.
His famous record breaker. Ixm Dil
lon, is wintering at Memphis, where ha
owns a magnificent driving park and
where the mare will receive her pre
paratory work for the coming season,
during which she Is scheduled for a
number of exhibitions, including ona
for charity.
C. K. G. Billings of New York, owner
of the famous trotting queen Lou
Dillon and foremost among the ama
teur drivers of this country, accom
panied by his wife, by George O.
Knapp and wife and daughter of Chi
cago and by A. N. Brady and daugh
ter of New York, arrived from the East
yesterday In a private car and regis
tered at the Palace Hotel. Mr. Bill
ings has come west for recreation, and
while in California, which he has visit
ed before, he will visit the various
noted breeding farms and Inspect tha
best of the roadsters.
Is High in the Councils of
the National Trotting As
sociation ajid in Clubs
YOUNG COKBETT'S PLANS
FAVORITES IN FRONT
STUYVE IS INJURED
California Boxer Is Losing
No Time in Getting Off
the Superfluous Flesh
Daughter of the Famous
Greyhound Fabulous For
tune Is Winner atlngleside
C.K.G.Billings, Owner of the
Peerless Lou Dillon, Conies
West on Pleasure Trip
Carries Off Jockey Honors
Cleverly in the Competition
at Ascot* Park Kace Track
HEREDINE RUNS
IN GOOD FORM
"HILDI" PILOTS
FOUR WINNERS
BRITT WORKS
WITH ENERGY
NOTED AMATEUR
REINSMAN HERE
GRAFTER, PILOTED BY CROSSWAITE,
IS FIRST FOR THE WATERHOUSE CUP
SPORTS OF THE RACETRACK THE COURSING FIELD AND THE PRIZERING
THE , SAN FRANCESCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 6, 1901.
36
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WHEN YOU THINK OF
TUTUfll P #^ #^
c ifunJVvJ'Jr
pwsjj^Basj— mj^ £3mh^ J" |MBH^ B|B wmm^mj&mm M&&t1mmB*im TT?tMmmtlfiW ffftpfc* jP9t&
The Most Popular «* Wldclg-Hnown Blood Purifier j^^^^^^^
GUARANTEED PURELY VEGETABLE '^iPHJ^^JBP
This is the season that tests the quality of your blood, |»| Iff ih Jffcyftifljgggiafil ;
and if it is not good, then evidences of it will begin to |p fSWIlt^T^Sfr
show as the weather grows warmer. Carbuncles and boils, |p|; ...***.. ¦
pimples and blotches, and numerous itching and burning |||
skin eruptions will make their appearance, and are sure in- ;^||
dications of bad blood. If spring-time finds you with im- ||| GBEAT^
pure, sickly blood, then you are in poor condition to with- pp PSfllFlEHl
stand the strain upon the system, which always comes at this * >p| >^'- > *''"^fp7' r^'''^ i '*^g^
time of the year. A failure to look after your physical wel- 'i iSfa """""{"
fare now, by purifying the blood and toning up the gen- Qm <T*^v?^3^L Jk
eral system, may result in a complete breaking down of £ *•*£... **\^ S^HS^tf^^d
health later on, and you will find yourself weak and run »™-^l|l^>.^H>-^..^^^'"
down, with no appetite, and a prey to indigestion and ner- (tf^iSv
vousness. It is poor blood that makes weak bodies, for it *^ $ «^^*^&&J§F3
is this vital fluid that must supply vigor and strength to our systems, and upon its
purity rests our chances for health. Any impurity, humor or poison in the blood acts inju-
riously upon the system and affects the general health. It is to the morbid, unhealthy
matter in the blood that chronic sores and ulcers are due. The pustular and scaly-
skin eruptions so common during spring and summer, show the blood to be in a riotous
feverish condition, as a result of too much acid or the presence of some irritating humor or
acrid poison in the blood. A large per cent, of human ailments have their origin in a'
polluted, diseased blood, and can only be reached by a remedy that goes into the circulation
and uproots and 1 expels the poison and restores the blood to a healthy, natural condition. If
Springfield, Ohio, May 16, 1903. Wheeling, W. Va., May 28. 1903.
On two occasions I have used your or Daa Diooa, ana are I have used your 8. S. S. this SDrine
S. S. S. in the spring -vrith fine results. I thinking of a blood pull- and found it to be a blood purifier of the
oan heartily recommend it as a tonic and r f^_ n fU^Vnf O O O b « s * order. My system was rua down
blood purifier.' I was troubled with ner,tnen UlinKOI C3.C5. d., and my joints ached and pained mo coS
headaches, indigestion and liver trouble,, a remedy With a long- siderably, and I began to fear that I was
which all disappeared under the use of a rprmritinn goin S to be laid n P Rheumatism. I
few bottles of your great blood remedy, estaDilsnea reputation j^ naed s# s# s before, and kne w wha*
S. S. S. My appetite, which was poor, and that lias proven It- it was; so I purchased a bottle of it, and
was greatly helped. I can eat anything if f _ «. n^ r ;f; c ; n J.V have taken several bottles, with the result
I want now without fear of indigestion, seir tc> °,e a specinc in Olb- tnat tho aches and paJns j hAd "£«•
and my blood * has been thoroughly eases of the blood, and a mj blood has been cleansed and renol
cleansed ofimpnrities and made" rich and • fnnio onri circ vated . m 7 g«a«ral health built up, so that
strong again. As a tonic and blood pur- SUpenor tOHlC ana S}'S- j can cheerfully testify to its virtues as m
Ifier it is all you claim for it. teill builder. S. S. S. COU- blood p-urifier and tonic.
U, \>r MR f - GEORGE WIEGEL - -tains no mercury, pot- 1KW^ I Q John c. stein.
771 E. Main St. , . . J J \ 1533 Market Street.
ash, arsenic or other . .:«¦;
mineral, but is composed exclusively of vegetable ingredients, selected for their medicinal
properties / and from nature's store-houses— the fields and forests. The thou-
sands -who; have used S. S. S. and know from experience what it will do in blood troubles
do not need to be reminded of a blood purifier now, for they know no better can be found
than S. S. S. .If you are thinking of a blood purifier, think of S. S. S. T which has been
sold for nearly . "fifty years, while the demand is greater now than ever in its history.
No remedy without merit .could exist so long and retain .the confidence of the people.
Write- us if in need of medical advice, which is given without charge. ', »->'
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC COMPANY, ATLANTA, GA*
wm /•"'*« wKenIVe*curedjou
wlmLjtlh * " <^r v^ /Vl^ work is unlike that of the average spe-
Ir*aV v v Y J * 'cialist, and each case treated has added its
V>> fS £ =)) mite to ray store of knowledge regarding
J\& ¦¦•^ j5Wy men's ailments. I have striven toward abso-
*/»¦ t )J*MlZl5 lule perfection in my methods of treatment,
HP* * - 5tW it --^¥ and now believe that I have practically at-
tainpd tli«> limit of medical possibilities per-
'*¦¦%£« 'i\\Kd taininp to diseases of men. My various forms
"-^ ~£*&¥ip "f treatment are original and in many respects
/ T\ unique, and results I obtain prove their abso-
/ A N. lute correctness.
/ Vw I J\ \s, No matter how many physicians have failed
/' Vk^ ' . — T4 \ \ to re l' eve you, if I accept your case you are
*t^f \ \ safe In expecting nothing short of a speedy
: 1 J I 1—-"^ and permanent cure. : . , '. :^-
- /f-tw * Special attention given to Spermatorrhoea, Lost
Vigor, Varicoce/e, Stricture, Rupture, Piles, Hydro-
OK. 0. C. JOS.LLiV, cele, Contagious Blood Diseases and Acute and
The Lttciog Sjteuliit. Chronic Urethra! and Prostatic Inflammation.
"WFAKWF*^" l * mere 'y * symptom of chronic xfTTIwT^rTmin
" I -** I * I *L^« inflammation in the prostate gland. My suite of treat-
brought ca by early dissipation or by the Improper treatment l "C rooms is the
of some contracted disease. A complete and radical cure 1b, largest in the city
therefore, a question of restoring the proetate gland to Its „_,, ,. .. . . ,'
normal state, and this 1 accomplish promptly and completely a ' aosoiutciy
without the use of internal remedies. My treatment is a private. My pam-
local one entirely. It is original and scientific, and has been phlet. "Live all
proven absolutely effective by. thousands of tests. 1 am con- .. our „„. .. _._ „
vlnced that by no other means can full and permanent res- jour years a man,
torattcn of «ft rcrurth and i Igor be accomplished; _^^ free on appl lea t lots.
I3y my methods no time Is lost, no chans« of diet cr hablU is necessary. Permanent }
cure-is are made In a short time, with but little expense to the patient. My method Is the ,
result of sixteen years' careful and patient study, and my euccees has been most gratl- !
fymg. Consultation free at office or by mall. I Tome treatment always successful, j
Offices; Corner of MaLrketaKeaLrnyStsJLocked Out Her Lodgers.
LONDON, March 5.— Mrs. Dean; a;
Southwark landlady, locked out a . be
lated lodgpr and his wife at 11:30 p. m.,
and 'they; had to remaii. in the street
till .5 o'clock the^next morning.
They sued her for damages' yesterday,'
but she declared she had warned them; ;
that she had also given them to •
leave, which they disregarded, and that
they, "brought" the whole East End to j
the house as their guests." j
'The JudVe^found'' for.;- the i landlady, j
"She ¦ is sen titled,'.' . he : said, : ito ;bolt ; her I
door at a reasonable hour at night, and
lodgers are not entitled to complain."
France spends 35 per cent, of her
resources on military preparations.
«•«
The 'average depth of the ocean be
tween 60 . degrees north - and 60 degrees
south is nearly three miles.
MEMBERS OF BUILDERS' j
EXCHANGE GIVE BANQUET
lick House Dining Hall the Scene "of
Festivities at Which Logical Ad
dresses Are Made.
The annual banquet of the Builders'
Exchange, attended by the customary
jollification and speechmaking, was
given at the Lick House last evening.
About 300 members and their guests
were seated at the tables in the L^cre
banquet hall. The menus were artis
tically got up and accompanying
each 'course was a -cartoon and Joke
of one of the principal members of the
exchange.
S. H. Kent, president of the Build
ers' Exchange, made an address at
the conclusion of the banquet, in
which he spoke of the history. of the
exchange since its origin. Mr. Kent's
speech was directed to the young
members, of the exchange and was fulL
of good advice for. them. ¦}
Following Mr. Kent's address were a
few words from Mr. McGilvery. Mr.
McGilvery spoke of the conditions pre
vailing in this city. and its advantages
ln~the building' business.
Robert McKillican made an Inter
esting speech, comparing * San Fran
cisco and Its growth to , that of New
York and other '. Eastern cities. ' Mr.
McKIHIcan's remarks were greeted
with cheers and cries of "Hear! hear!"
Val Frahze made a short address
and sang a German song. At the cpn
cluslon of the'song he danced a Ger
man • clog dance : and was encouraged
by the song, "He's a Jolly Good Fel
low,," by Fred Fischer.
Xoii-Frateriiity Atliletes at
Stanford University Prove
Superior on the Track
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, March
5.— In the field day held this morning
between the fraternity and non-fra-«
ternity athletes, the latter bested the
Greek Letter men by the score of 73
points to 49. The track was rather
heavy, but the work of the men was
, good notwithstanding this drawback.
' The best performances were In the
mile run, broad Jump and shot put.
"Gay, '04, won the mile in 4:54, fast
time considering the condition of the
track. Thomson, '04, was a close sec
ond and Barrett, '04, a good third.
"Brick" West, '06, did 21 feet 8 inches
in the broad jump, the best effort in
that event this season. Hyde, '04,
showed ud in his usual good form in
j the shot-put, his best being 41 feet 11%
\ inches.
The Phoenix baseball team . of St.
Mary's defeated the nine of the Uni
versity of California here this after
noon by the score of ten runs to three.
It - was a slow game, as neither team
seemed to be on its mettle. An acci
dent in . the third inning marred the
play. Hlnkson of St. Mary's had his
leg broken below the: knee while try
ing to tag Bliss at the plate. There
were three men on bases and Wulzen
hit to right field. Adams, the Cali
fornia-captain, scored and attempted
to block the throw so that Bliss could
slide in. Hlnkson had one fott on the
plate and Bliss . crashed into, him,
throwing him over' Adams. The in
jured player was unable to move and
was taken to the Guild Hospital.
:Heitmuller was" wild and the St
Mary's team touched him up for ten '
safeties. In the third inning "Heine"
walked three men, was hit twice and
walked another, letting in five runs. ,
He has plenty of speed. (
The teams were made up of: , St
Marys— Haley, Westerby, Hinkson,
Sweile, Ryan, Rooney, Scofteld, Aedina,
Ferguson and Domergue. California-
Adams, Bliss, Heitmuller, Strub, Wal
zen, Hamilton, . Gillis, Graham and
Swesey.
¦ ? »
.-In Cairo the proportion of blind peo-
A)le to .the population is one : to every
•twenty*, residents.
GREEK LETTER
MEN DEFEATED
OirLAira RACETRACK — SATURDAY. Mar. 5. — Weather showery. Track slow.
6254. FIRST RACE— Futurity course; selling; Cyear-olds and op; value to first. $325.
Indexj Horse and Owr.er. |Wt St. >-i . 14. K- Str. Fin. I Jockey. Op. Cl.
COtiiskip Me. « <Madi*on*& E.).-'1O^ 2 ... 3 «, 2 1^2 »i 1 l%iJ. Martin. . 3 9-2
Cl»* jArgot 6 (J. Y. Rich) ! 9T 5 ... 4 h 4 »i 4 n 2 *i [TraverB ... 6 «
6300 Dcr* I. 8 OSV M. Inglis) 1101 1 ... In 1 1^1 n . 3 HijHolbrook .. B-2 18-j
C218 Ripper. 4 tP. G. Lane) 104 8 ... 7^5^52 4 2^ Frowen ... 60 50
C21S jP.oyil White. 4 (F. Lowry)..| 84«... 613n315% \andrbout 6 »-2
eO62 Hogarth 3 (Winter & J.)....| S7;7 ... S »1 9 1 82 6n Crosswaite 30 16
&!U ; Rhonda 5 <R. Hughes) 1103 10 ...107108 9 V, 7 SHjConnell .... 10 20
€218 H-aughan. 3 (Mrs. Hertrell) . . I ST 4 ... in Sh 72 S3 |Knapp SO 25
€211 'Dusty Miller. 3 (Sheridan). .. I S5;ll ...11 11 11 J» h IW. Daly... 6 7
6372 Tom'Fcx. 4 <C. F. Clancy).. !lO3! 3 ... 9 6 7h 6 h 10 4 .Burton SO 60
C21B 'M»ry Dunn. 3 (Bender Co.)..; SS! 3 ... 2n 6^10 4 11 !J. Jones 15 3U
Tlsie— :25 :5C' 1:13 At post 1 minute. Oft at 2:lC»i . Skip Me. place. 2; show. 1.
Argot' place, 5-2; show. 6-5. Dora. show. 1. Winner, blk. m. by Al Farrow-Lady
Lyon.' Trained by J. Madison. Scratched— Jim Roberts. Start good. 1\on In a hard
drive of three. Skip Me is bet on every now and then with gratifying results. Argot
showed itnsrovetnent. Dora I tired. P.ipper did very well. Royal White could not get
- u - r i . Py*- 1^ _M:Ilcr_oiT^ P<>°r!y. <us<><MVWVVVW jm^AAAr.r.i-.
6253. EECOND RACE: — Four furlong*; purse; 2-year-oMs; value to first. $325.
Index I Horse and Owner. |Wt St. hi ¦ *n- %¦ Str. Fin. j Jockey. Op. Cl.
£220 'George P McNVar fH. Ptovcrjlie! 4 1 *i 1 1H1 n j^ee 4 '7
(61J9) The Mist <W. H. Hammond). 11C»: 7 3 \ 2 » 3 2 4 |J. 'Martin.. 1 /I-10
€169 EdgecliJ: (B. & W.) ,104! 5 4 1 4 h 3 a; iBell 6 9
OXSW) Bose E!ey <niaelr.frame Brc*.) 114! 6 5 2 5 n 4 4 |H. Spencer. 6 7
C2O7 Anaurus (P Ryar.) |101 3 2 3 3 3 5 5 jTravers ... 10 12
.'Ben Eric (A. T Dobsor.) 1121 2 C8 6 6 6 5 |J. Daly 10 12
€207 Lady Ninora <J. B. Harris). . 101 1 1 7 7 " 1W. Daly... 60 100
Time— :2«Vi :40. At post :: mir.-jt£s OCf at 2:16. McNear. place. 5-2; show, 4-5. Mist,
p'.ace 1-3; ehow. out. EdstcUJT. show. 9-10. Winner, b. c. by Torso-Clara Wilson.
Trained by H. Stover. Scratched— Arisbe. Start good. Won in a drive of two. Third
easily. Winner struck his best clip again suddenly. The Mist would have won but
for bt'.tig bothered and cut off at the start. EdgecllfT Is a good one and might have
«cn If Bell had cr-ly' this one mount. Ben Eric was sreen.
ftSO. THIRD RACE — Kuturity course; Belling; 3-year-olds and up; value to first. $325.
Isdexj Horse and Owner. jWtlSt. !4*. y,. »i . Str. Fin. J Jockey. Op. Cl.
C14-2 !T.tus. 4 (D. Jleek) j 99 ! 2 ... In 12^15 11 T. Butler.. 30 13
€171 Omt Pride. 5 'Howe Stable).. 'loS 1 6 ... 6 \ 6 »i 3 14 2 n Buxton 6 15
€135 ;Fcxy Grandpa. S <Mrs. CofTey)! 80| 5 ... 5 n 5 * 4 4 a* 3 4 Knapp 8 10
€208 CherrW. a «S»ule & Fuller) . .ilOl! 7 ... 98 85 7n 42 Reed 30 SO
£204 :Pure Dale. 4 <Thornas & B..) ..1O2'< 3 ... 2 >i 2 5 i J n 5n Bonner 4 4
C151 |AIt>enuu-!e. 4 «J. W^!cl«Ji)- ..!lOf«! 1 ... 45 3n62«n JT. Shehn 3 7-2
€2.14 Dr. Sherman. «J <M 1^. White)ilIO: 8 ... 8=iS2«h7 2^:j. Daly 8 10
€234 '.Vonle. S <Gard«-n City StabIe)!104! 3 ... 7 H 7 u, 9 3 8 «4 iJ. Martin.. 8-5 13-5
e:W iAmoruaa. 4 <P. McGulre) | 921 4 ... 3 *i 4 2 5 1 0 3 Crossw»lte 15 20
6211 Midway. 3 « Piedmont gtab;e)i &010 ... 10 10 10 10 |j. Kelly... 30 CO
Tin:* — :24 s ;. :K>U. l:12'i. At po*t minute. Oft at 3:13. Titus, place. 6; show, 3.
Pride, r-'.ace. %i; show. 3. Grandpa, show. 8-5. Winner, b. g. by Bloomsbury-Slfter to Ruth
Ryan. Trained by p. E. Smith. Scratched — Doris. Slsenvlne. Start poor. Won ridden
out. Next two driving. Titus was a. wisely played good thing. Our Pride should have
beaten him. Foxy Grandpa will win soon. Pure Dale tired. Albemarle quit on stretch
turn. Nonie was away poorly and Martin made little effort with her.
€237. FOl'RTH RACE— 2 ; i rallte; Waterhouse Cup; 3-year-olds and up; value to first,
$3.T25; fe'xmd. $GU); third, $200.
Indej:; Horse and Owner. jWtiSt. lm. lVa- l*-4 . Str. Fin. | Jockey. Op. CU
«*^ Grafter. 6 fB'.aEinK»me Bros.);ia">! 6 3 1«41 8 14 11 In jCrosswaite 4 8
<61TO>.\>frano. 4 <W. C. VIvc-H). ..J104J 4 8 4 5 1 2 2l£2 1«^2 »i J. Martin.. 3 3
<61i:>» Koratius. 4 <J. J. McA!ester)!l«j 1 5 1 In 3 7 3 G 3 10 I. Powell.. 2 11-5
C12TI iLacy Crawford. 4 (Schreibcr).! OS I 5 4 «i 4 2 4 S 4 4 4 l^'Bonner 15 20
<C175) Horton. a <Bianchl & MrG.).'104l 9 0 9 757457 IStuart 4 13-2
61» The Way. 5 (H. H. Clark).. .| 9Si 8 7 2\»S 3 5 1 3 n C 3 JJ. T. Shehn 20 10
?£513 Rio Shannon, a (Mrs. Coffey)! 97i 7 2 2UC 1 8 % 8 H 7 »4 iKnapp 20 20
€221 Modicum. 4 (D. S. Fountain). 'lOC- 3 « n 7 2Ut> n C h 8 7 tBell 10 9
€233 Outburst, a (J. J. McAlester) . ; OSi 2 1 n 3 h '» 9 9 jj. Jones 2 11-5
T.me— 1,. :26: >i. :52; % 1:18%; mile. l:43»i; l'i. 2:12*i: 1%. 2:3.S%; 1% 3:04Vi- 2
miles. 3:31* 4 ; 2'«. 3:5S. At port 1'i minutes. Off at 3:41. Grafter place 3; chow,
«-5. Veter&no. place, K-Z; show. 3-5. Horatius. chow 1-2; entry separate" Horatius,
fhow. 1-2. Winner, h. g. by Cicero- Leap Tear. Trained by W. L. Appleby. Scratched—
Lord Melbourne, Our Bessi*. Start good. Won !n a hard drive of three. Crosswalte
on Grafter stole the race. Aftrr going one and a quarter miles he made a sneak on the
others and Veterano could not run him down. Horatius was much the best and should
have wen handily. Powell j?ot rattled and rode him In the derp going last three
fixteenths of a mile. Modicum badly messed about- Horton and The Way never factors
•l.o* Angeles index 57t>l. . .
C23S. Fluri - RACE — Six furlongs; selling; 3-year-olds and up; value to first. $325.
Index; Horg« and Owner. [WtiSt. U- **. % . Str. Fin. | Jockey. OpT CK
<C157) 'H&inault. 5 (Thomas & R.)...!lO6J 4 ... Z n 3 1V-2 n 1 *: ITravers 6^ 1
MK Ml«y'« Pride. 4 ,K. J. Jones).il07| 3 ... 11 13*lh2h U.T.She'hn" 4 11-i
(C222) Mlrso. 4 (P. Kheridan) !1<3| 6 ... 4 2 4n 4n 3 2UiBuxton 3 5
€222 St. Winnifride. 4 <Painter). . . jlOli 5 ... 5 5 5 5 5 4 4 3 ISh^rwood"* 6 10
<«1T1) S. Tuwers. 5 «Stockton Sta.)..!105>; 2 ... 2 3 2 V-i 3 1U5 h Bozeniln " 10 18
«2« Ocld<n Light. C (McCaffertyK'lO*! 1 ... «C 6 4 6 3 *6 5 Bonner ' lft io
€223 Evea G. 5 <Mrs. Coffey) 1 Os! 7 ... 7 7 7 7 W. Daly..! 8 12
T#ln trr 4 - :4S - 1:13 - At P 081 X TOlnut *- 05 at 3:<£U. Halnault pla^e7"2-5; show Tc
Pride, place 2: show. 1 Mlrao. rtow. 3-5. Winner, br. g. by' St. Carlo-Lllbbertlfllbbert'
Trained by J. Reav^y. Start good. Won easily. Next two driving. Winner bestl
M!«ty * Pride no excuse. Mimo late in arriving St. Wlnnlfride will do better on a fast
-- /l*-^-- _gterlinK Tower»_ qclt. Qolden Light and EveaG won't do. .
<TS5». SIXTH RACE— Mile and 50 yards: selTTng r^eIr*^d77nT^pTTal u^ to" 6™Tvt25~
Index; Hcrre and Owner. {WtlSt." U - 'i- %. Str. Fin. j Jockey. O p. Cl,
<€247) 'Keynote. T, <J. A. Kyle) ||6»] 2 G 4 2 In 13 1 IK\C Smith 7~9 o^
€175 :n>Tor.erdale. 4 (J. M. Crane). ;i«| 4 2 2U1 n 2 5 2 3 2 n Travis 4 i«i
<C112):F. Wood,. . iGarden City S.h'uo\ 3 4 «4 5 I14B K « 3 h J Martin" 1 IVl
«126 Illilouon. C f\V. D. Rar«3ail). . '1OJ tt 5 n « « * 3 h 6 Buxton t «
CSZt iOro Viva. 4 <D. J. Helton)... .!1QS! 5 1 U, 2 \ 3 *; 5 n 5 3 V«nd ? Aio"tit ' t fl 2
6135 Lady K^nt. a (T. WjellauiBK.Iloa; 1 3 H *±±}K* h C^_lHo?bro^k !. 3 °'J
Tme— :25^, :^i. 1:15%. 1:43. 1:4«. At post % minute. Off at 4:l!2. " Ko-note place"^-
C^,ter.R^r: rda TV a^Tby tt J: : r^^- SSSkSSSZ
SSed.' WOrlL IIH20UOfi Can iO er - ' °~ «"¦^--k.^h^eV^dV K^w^s
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
Ben Choboya's driving team Boegy and
Buff, by Stelnway and Monroe; II. W. Meek'a
William Harold. 2:13Vi. by , Sidney. dam
Cricket; "William Lewis' Addo, 2:28, by Grand
Moor, dam Vishti; William Halford's Donny
brock by Don L, dam Clara White; A. G.
Robert's Alika, by Charles Derby, dam Lilly:
A. Wilder's Skylark, by Comet Wilkes. 2:20,
dam, Bay Flora; William Sorensen's Dexter,
by Welcome, daoi Hambletonlan Flora; Lee
Wells' Major, by Stelnway, dam by Antevola;
C L. Powell's Shetland pony: X. D. Dutch
er's Warren, by Walker, dam Clara; N. 1>.
Duteher's Warren Jr.< by Warren, dam May;
N. D. Dutcher's Junior, by Warren D, by
Fern; A. W. Fiedler's Guard, by Guide, dam
Lady King; H. R. Madison's Little Daisy, by
Guard, dam Minnie; A. W. Fiedler's Bess, by
Guard, dam Alice Derby; David McDonald's
Merril F. by Guard, dam • Lady Wood
bine; Tom Green's Electrical, by Rich
ards' Elector. dam Stemwlnder; Kd
ward Done-hue's Ed. by Diablo. dam
Ltvermore Queen; N. Rice's Rob Ray, by Ben
Harrison, dam untraced; N. W. Llvermore's
Jack Nelson Jr., by Nelson, dam
Lottie F; Tcung Bros.' Grant. by
CHara's Granger, ' dam Miss Swift;
Crls Anderson's Las Posltas Bell, by Alika.
dam Yellow Beauty; B. F. Brennan's Tenn
brook, by M. C. Clannahan, dam Lottie B;
Frank Oavina's Black Prince, by Grey George,
dam Nellie; B. F. Brennan's Oregon Beauty
and Nancy, draft stock; Oscar Harris' White
Stake Burgeon, by Burgeon, dam Lofty; N. D.
.Dutctwr's British Oak Jr., by British Oak,
dam by Toproan; Oscar Harris' Berne Bogon,
imported from Belgium last October by the
Freeman Stock Farm. Bushnell. 111., also Os
car Harris' Ulema, imported at the same time;
H. M. Chrlstensen's Ledard Jr., by Ledard,
dam by Adolph; A. Rose's Rock, by Riglan,
dam by Adolph: Joseph Martin's Oregon, by
Varmuth dam Myostes: Joseph Martin's Star,
by Oregon, dam by Adolph; N. D. Dutcher's
British Oak Jr., by British Oak, dam a Clydes.
dale mare.
Bernard Mouterits' Sultan, by Raglan, dam
by Adolph; Syvan Borge's Herges, by Sultan,
dam by Waxworks; Henry Coldewelgh's
Moltke. by Sultan, dam by Brlghts Norman;
J. D. Couin's Emperor, by Riglan. dam Nel
lie; Jacob Kruze's Belfast, by Raglan, dam a
Norman mare; Bernard Mouterat's Duke, by
Duke Venolt. dam by Adolph: John O'Hara's
Bcgwood, by Bogwood. dam Sally; N. V>.
Dutcher's yearling Clyd«> Livermore King;
John Meyn's Kentucky Jack.
But one accident marred the pleas
ure of the day, and Announcer William
McDonald was the Victim. As McDon
ald was riding to' get the horses into
line for, the parade a horse belonging
to H. M. Christensen kicked him on
the leg, inflicting a painful bruise. He
was forced to support himself with a
cane during the review.
Following were the officers of the
day:
H. M. Chrletensen. president: Theodore
Gorner, secretary: Chris Schmidt. treasurer-
William McDonald, announcer; Frank Fennon'
crand marshal; D. F.. Bernal, chief aid- A*
W. Feidler, William Martin. Pleasanton m'
Mulqueeney. Midway, John Geary, Haywards*
division aids. -
The judges were D. C. McNally, AJbert
Glass, Robert Bonner, Charles Gould, A. F.
Sweer and William Day.
The horses in line as they passed be
fore the judges were:
Carriage horses — N. D. Dutcher's Warren Jr.
Shires. Belgians, Clydes, Percherons and Nor
mans — Oscar Harris" White Stake Burgeon.
Graded Normans, Percherons, Shires — A.
Rove's Rock.
Immediately after the parade had
disbanded County Treasurer A. W.
Feidler mounted the Judges' stand,
where Announcer William McDonald
was seated among the judges, and on
behalf of the citizens of Livermore pre
sented the veteran horseman with a
handsome fob and gold locket in the
form of a horseshoe get in onyx.
After the presentation a recess was
taken for luncheon, after which the
following awards were announced:
Roadsters — Chaboya's Buff and Boegy; Tom
Green's Electrical and A. W. Feldler's Guard.
Seventh division — Jacks and other stock.
Entries' were received from nearly
every part of Alameda. County, and
even San Jose and Stockton were rep
resented. This exhibition'was the most
important of its kind held this year.
The show was successful, despite the
fact that rain fell during the parade
and while the horses were* being
judged. The parade started promptly
on time, headed by Grand Marshal
Frank Fennon and the j Livermore
Band. Next came the following divi
sions:
First division— Roadsters, D. F. Bernal in
charge.
Second division — Trotters, A. W. Feidler In
charge.
Third division — Carriage horses, W. H. Mar
tin In charge. ¦ .
Fourth division — Shires, ' Belgians, Clydes,
Percherons and Normans. R. Fallon In charge.
Fifth division — Graded Normans, Percherons
and Shires over four years of age. . M. Mul
que»ney In charge.
Sixth division — Graded Normans, Percherons
and Shires under four years of age. John
Geary in charge. • ",..¦: ¦:
LIVERMORE, March 5.— The nine
teenth annual horse show of the Liver
more Valley was held to-day at Liver
more and was attended by a big crowd
of horsemen from all parts of the coun
ty, who gathered to compare notes on
horse breeding and inspect the splendid
exhibit of horses.
Experts From Far and Near
View the Exhibits and
Are Pleased With Slaving
The day was won by the '07 athletes.
They ran up a total of 74 points and
only allowed the '06 men to get 48
points. About the only performance
of the day that merits noting was that
of Moody, '06, who first won the mile
run handily and then went into the
two-mile run, in which he secured a tie
with his classmate. Wheeler, after a
most heart-breaking fight at the finish.
The trials demonstrated that the
freshmen class has a number of prom
ising: athletes. Among these is Hume,
a Berkeley High School boy, who fln
iehed first In the two hurdle events.
In Bingham the class has a fast new
sprinter. In Claude Kern, captain of
the freshmen football eleven, the col
lege has a runner who will make a
•tand against Dunn and Grossman of
Stanford In the 440-yard dash. Hanna,
in the SSO-yard run; Sperry in the ham
mer throw and shot put; Schultz, in
Rain and a heavy track prevented
any fast work at the first field day of
the year, held yesterday at the Uni
versity of California. The spirits of the
sophomores and the freshmen entered
for the annual struggle for class su
premacy were kept in a moist state
most of the time the trials were going
on, eo the athletes were not in a humor
to break records.
the pole vault, and Abbott, in the high
jump, are all men who will be valuable
In the intercollegiate field day.
The results of the trials follow:
100-yard flash: First heat— DavU, '07. first;
Einstein. *06. eecond. Time. :11. Second
heat — Lasater. 'Oti. first; Jewell, '06, and
Krickey. 'Cxi. tie. Time. :11. Third heat —
Bingham, '(«>. first; Kohlke, "06, second. Time.
:11. Final— Binsham. 'Otf. first; Lasater. '<W.
second; Davis. '07, third. Time. :10 4-5.
Mile run— Moody, '06. first; Head, '07. sec
end; Darling. '07, third. Time, 4:58.
120-yard hurdle — liume, "u", first; Chaplin,
'06. second; Frei. *0<5, third. Time, :18.
440-jard run — Kern. '07. first; Whitman,
'07. second; Button. '07, third. Time, :56.
Two-mile run — Moody, '00. and Wheeler, '06,
tie; Lowell. '07. third. Time, 11:07.
2^0-yard hurdle — Hume, *07, first; Lynch,
'0t5. second; Howe, '00. third. Time, :2S.
120-yard dash: First heat — Jones, '06. first;
Einstein, '0C second. Time, :25 3-5. Second
heat — Llppman, '07. first; Thomas, '08. seconii.
Tirr.e. :23 1-5. Third heat — Lasater. '06,
first; Zacharai^. '07. second. Time. :25 1-5.
Final heat— Jones, '06. first; Lippman, '07.
second: Einstein. '06. third. Time, :25 4-5.
6S0-yard run— Hanna, '07, first; Wilcox. '07,
second; Foster, '07. third. Time, 2:16 1-5.
Hammer throw— Sperry, '07. first; Zacha
ralE, '07. second; Boynton. '06, third. Dis
tance. 130 feet. ,„
Hijrh Jump — Abbott. '07. first; Boynton. '06.
and Steves. '07. tie. Height. 5 feet 6 Inches.
Shctput — Sperry. '07. first; Zacharals. Oi,
second; Elliot. 'OC, Oird. Distance, 41 feet
Bread jump— B —ton. '06, first; Kern. Oi.
Fecon.l; Chaplin. ' V, third. Distance. 20 feet
Pole "vault— Schult*. '07. Crst: Case. '06.
.wand; Sperry. '07. third. : Height. 9 feet 7
inches. - „
Mile relay — Freshmen team. Kern. Hume.
Abbott. Hartley. Whltmore. Van Sant. first:
prrhomcre team. Lynch, Frei, Jones. Jewell,
Gordon, Frlckey, second. Time. 2:40 3-5.
BIG CROWD ATTENDS
Splendid Display Is Hade of
Driving and Draft Stock
of the Highest Classes
University of California Athletes Are Af
fected by Weather Conditions and No
Brilliant Performances Are Recorded
HORSES PARADE
AT LIVERMORE
FIRST FIELD DAY OF YEAR
HELD UNDER HEAVY SKIES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,. SUNDAY. MARCH ,6,. 1904.
37
1J1——1-— 1-^2112— ZIl^^ .¦-----.--¦ ¦--- --"^
Or. Mclaughlin's Has Made Life I^S\
¦'jSl\ Electric Bjlt -^^^k Worth Living. J^^
Get Some Ufe 1^_ f I This Is the Way
¦ into You. 1 ii^K^^^KlSilPii FeeI -
Whafs the use of dragging your legs-. \ •^ s - . 1 . , <^S%%2 r J . The men who had given up hope, who
about like a wooden man? /Feel Uke a £ V f// J i / /f / thought there \vas no cure for them, until
man of spirit. Away with the pams and v \ ; \ \ '// / / U -* / . ° .. , „.
aches; off. with this wretched feeling as OvX |v V \% L / i X- tht y camt u P on Dr. McLaughlm s Elec
if you were seventy years old and had one \v\ . \\\ \\ I // £ Jv Bclt * N ° W 3rC fuU •
foot in the grave. Come and let me put* \\| \f L / / /'/'f y overflowing with joyous spirits. Pains
life into your nerves; let. me give you a Vv f Ss CvV\. \ Vl 1^^^/^^^^ *** S one » weakness has gone, and full
new supply of youthful energy. Let me , vigor is in every action.
make you feel like throwing your chest | .U";f=5N\ r^\^i^JS^ . 1 r 1 rt *t, o tt,-«
out, and your head, up, and saying to . . \ ii^feWiCTIP^H Do you want to .feel hke that? Then
yourself, "I'M A MAN!" Let me give -F^^^^WsM! LW^gLj^s^V* wear the grand life-giving appliance for
you back that old feeling of youthful fire, Jf'^'s+S' \^^^^^**l* " two months at night. It will charge every
vim and courage. I can do it, so that in jf S*^*/./ HV M^S^OvA nerve with electric life, and you will feel
two months you will wonder that you '. p> jT J i\, \ v \x^K> rejuvenated and invigorated. It puts
ever felt so slow and poky as you do --jS^X / r I \ \\\ \ - ji_jj-
now. Act to-day. Life is sweet, so en- C- \ J / T J. HlVA-'T^ steam into your run-down body, drives
joy every minute. -, . away pain and renews youth.
I'll Pay $1QOO to Any Weak Man
No matter what else has failed to cure him, if I cannot-makehim a stronger andxbetter man than he is with my newly improved
Electric Belt. This Belt is the marvel of electricians, having power enough to- give healthy vigor to any part of the body not totally
paralyzed.
Every weak man wants to feel young again ! To realize the joyous sparkle, of nerve life as it infuses the body with its.
glowing vitality; to feel the magnetic enthusiasm of youthful energy; to be happy, light-hearted and full of joyous impulses; to be
free from spells of despondency, from brain-wandering, from the dull, atupid feeling; to have confidence, self-esteem and the admira-
tion of men and' women! Such is the wish of the broken-down man, and it may be gratified.
Dr. TVlcLauehlirVs Electric Belt
Makes men noble ; it causes the nerves to tingle with the joyful exhilaration of youth ; it fills the heart with a feeling of gladness,
makes everything look bright and makes the nerves like bars of steel. •
It does this while you sleep/by pouring electricity, which is nature's energy, into your nerves and blood. Electricity is life
to the vital parts ; when they are weak it will make them strong.
It is truly the foundation of youth to men who have begun to feel older than they are. and It Is a fine thing: for an old man who wants to feel youn?. It
is over two years now since I got a letter from Mr. A. Crawford of Pokepama. Oregon. In which he said: "I asked you to send me something to make an old man
yountr. and you did. I have worn your Belt three months, and am as vigorous as I was when a young man. I am seventy years old and can do as much work as
I could at thirty-five." x " _^
Here Is a letter that I received trcm Mr. Mr. Joseph M. Elsing, 725 Park avenue, ' '"I am Improving all the time; ray nerves been continuous. My stomach is In good
r,n*«rf<M-,i ih<» other dav San Francisco, says: are better and I am better than I have order, ths heart action al! right, my v»rt-
v,rawio.a me urn i a, . "I am glad to tell you that I am cured been fcr year* I am sure that the Belt la eocele is rapidly disappearing and every
"In reply to your letter I am glad to say of my rheumatism. For years I was not a Godsend to any suffering man or woman. complaint gradually yielding. My condl-
that I am just as much in favor of your able to dress myself without help, and suf- and I can't say enough for It. Some peo- tion was very serious when I commenced
R*it » t « f r was for it has been a re- fered terrible pafn. but had I taken your pie to whom I speak of the treatment think your treatment, and it doea not seem poa-
tieii as i e\er was, icr^ it tias treatment I might have saved myself all K Is a swindle, and say that they have , Bible thai in so ahort a time so Kreat
markable help to me. I am 12 years oia. thls sU fferlr.5 year? ago. The money I spent been frequently misled In the past by an Improvement could be brought about. I
but I do not lock any more, than 50. Am paying doctors* bills was all thrown away. so-called remedies^ but mr cure certainly have spoken to several men about the Belt,
. n1 . v i n , rwrfwf hontfh and will continue Tour Belt has done for me in a few months convinces them that your Belt does what, and they are surprised to know the *reat
enjojlng perfect health and *m continue doctorg cou , (J not dQ |n three yeanj . you w>y , t w ,,j „ of trouble3 thia form or treatment
to recommend the Belt, as I nave been do- continual, treatment I am glad to recom- Mr. M 0> Rollins, box 846, Blsbee, Ari- reaches; but what It has done In my case
ing right along, aa I realize that but for m end the treatment to any one suffering zena, says: ta sufficient to prove to them its efficacy,
it I shpuld have been dead and burled by with Inflammatory rheumatism." • "I have worn" the electric Belt three «-o I have no doubt but that you will hear
this time." 2-fr. W. H. Smith of Acampo, Cal.. says: J months and the good It has done me has from some of them."
I'know that no man remains a weikling because he wants to; I am sure you want to -overcome every Indication of early decay that has shown Itself on you.
I don't think the man lives who would n "t lik*> to fprl as big- and strong as a Saniow, and I know that if you have a reasonable foundation to build upon I can
make you a bigger man than you ever hoped to be. I want you to know that, you who cannot believe.it. and I want you to have my book, in which I describe how
I learned that manly strength was only lectricity. and how I learned to restore it; also I want to tell you the names of some men who will tell you that when
they came to me they were physical wrecks, and are now among the finest specimens of physical manhood.
1 want you to read this book and l->arn the truth about my arguments. If you are not 'as vigorous as you would like to be. If you have rheumatic pains,
weak kidneys, loss of vitality, nervous siells, varlcocele. or any aliment of that kind, it would assure you future happiness If you would look into this method of
mine. Don't delay it; your best days are slipping by. If you want this book I send it closely sealed, free. If you send this ad. Call for free consultation.
FfcO M C Mrl AITflHI I1SI 906 Market St., AbOVe da Omce o hours-3 a. n, to 3 p. n,: 8un-
IJK. iVl. IVlCLrAUVJOJUliX, Ellis, Sari Francisco. A.Ki^SflSithipffiSiS' 8ts
• AI/VEBT1SEMEWT8.
I /sgSS^ft^^is* Dr ' L *reacs"s La est iinproied Patented
j^SSf^riSL VACUUM DEVELOPER
r^N WPW^fc. . AND INViGORATOR
- l V 0 0 ) J?k/ 1. r fc^tjS^i. \ Has been P rov «i by thousands of
\V-i^!-^!»S2f SHW WEAK MEW to be a perfect suc-
y^S^C3 cess - II wil1 instill OBIQIHAI,
j s*£? i£$**ZiifoL O\r\J V/ vi?or and permanent vital
' I*"*? ff*fffil%lS£%*^i J^l ft rp ncth. It COMPELS GROWTH
\ vl\ H^fclc^il&ViltrjSrvrB WEAK MEj| r are wise
¦ I § -r^r :^g^=^==s=^== coccle. Gleet Stricture. Premature
£trat« our Improve M«thoa». Tre.tt.S &tn^t" SS ln'"idf \St^SSSi
tk&°tS:»». H-ALTH APPLIAHG CO., 6 U'Farrell St. 8 «»™ "••:
MENANDWOMEli. INC03IPABABLE, ™ I
CSGayfcrCJtEa^JJ CeeBirGforcBnatorii -_ . ~~»_
mfVJ^^% 2tiSS2X?3£2SZ 3IAGMFICEXT
B?Tiri!tEUKSC»EyitcCj. r«nt or pcUotooi U1 ScH M InaLst.
ffiggv faiCKm:i.e4gai s«l« by DroaW& Telephone South 305.
CM- A. ZfST •«• — nt i» plain wrmpytf. __.
%*Srt>$Z&> t " GARAGE,
¦• h - circulu- git; ca rtscest Market and Franklin Streets.
>J|§§' gill |\. The Whiskey!
QROMMES & ULLRICH SPOHN-PATRICK CO^^ |1|1|. MADRID. March 5.— Minister oi\ Finance
Osma introduced a bill in the Chamber of Dep
uties to-day abolishing the 3 per cent duty on
. OAKLAND, March 5.— The town of
Pleasanton is to have a deputy cor
oner, and to-day Coroner,. Mehrmann
appointed George W. Detjens to act for
him in the cases, that may come within
bis district.' ,, .
Appoints Deputy Coroner.
Pass Resolution In Opposititn to Ac
tion Against Street Meetings Taken
hy Board of Supervisors.
San Francisco Lodge No. C 8. Inter
national Association, of Machinists, in
opposition to the proposed ordinance
to prohibit street mee'tinga, has passed
the following resolution:
Whereas. The Police Department of thU c"ty
propo*e to have passed an ordinance, prohibit-
Idk «treet nwettnr*:- therefore be H
...Resolved. By ; San FrancUco Lodge No. »W
International Association of Machinists that
we condemn any unconstitutional interference
with the liberties of the people as. guaranteed
by the fundamental lawn of our country. *
»• T. mjMMOU'. 'fUwttMrV.
OAKLAND, March 5.— Suit for di
vorce was begun to-day by William J.
Preston against Martha Preston on the
cfound of desertion. They were mar
ried in 1SS1, but, be avers, six years ago
ehe left him. .
Husband Asks Divorce.
MACHINISTS CONDEMN
PROPOSED ORDINANCE
The company will enter the cordage
market and exect a factory, it Js be
lieved that a large trade "with China
ar.d Janan can be built up. it j 3 gajd
the factory may be erected at Alviso.
where water transportation can b« had
for its products.
.SAN JOSE, March 6.-The California
Cordage Company was incorporated
here to-tlay. Its capital stock Is $250 000
of which $213,000 has been subscribed'
The company proposes to manufacture
and deal In all klnd3 of cord and twine
and iTco erchandise. Its headquar
ters will be San Jose. The directors
are: J. F. Burns. San Jose; j w
Ellsworth, Redwood City; w F
Parl - William G. Alexander and w!
II Rogers. San Jose.
Factor)- May Be Erected at Alvbo.
Where Water Transportation Can
15c Had for Products.
CALIFORNIA CORDAGE
COMPANY INCORPORATES
There is no royal road to .fortune, but
there is a safe and sure road to a com
fortable competence within the grasp of
.every man and woman. . The road lies
through saving, and this is the secret of
success. -You can - start an account
with one dollar with" 1 the Phoenix Sav-
Injis. Building and Loan Association, 516
California street, 4% per cent being- paid
on ordinary and 6 per cent on one year
term accounts of. $100 or multiples: in
terest . payable semi-annually. This
is the only concern of the kind
in 'the State having a guarantee
capital, which is an* absolute safe
guard against loss and a guarantee
of 'the fulfillment of all obligations
The guarantee capital is $200,000: paid
in capital, $1,000,000; subscribed capi
tal, $8,000,000. The officers and direct
ors of the association are A; A. Watkins
president; Charles R. Bishop, vice presi
dent; S. Prentiss Smith, treasurer; Clar
ence Grange, secretary and manager;
Gavin McNab. attorney; Georjre C.
Boardman. Charles, E. Ladd. - - •
The Only Way.
Marriaje Licenses.
OAKLAND, March 5. — The follow
ing marriage licenses were issued by
the County Clerk to-day: Wallace B.
ticotchler. 21, and Edith S. Orr, 21,
both of Berkeley; Andrew Steele. 33,
and Judith Smith, 26. both of San
Francisco; Charles F. Dunemoor, over
21. and Henrietta L. Stevens, over 18.
both of Oakland; Joseph A. Levaggl,
20. San Francisco, and Mary C. Aufi
bolo". 23. Berkeley; Fletcher Ames,
over .21. Oakland, and Roda E. How
elU over 18. Berkeley.
Goldstein is well known in commer
cial circles and is connected with the
American Import- Company, 111 Bat
tefv. street.' ¦ < • • '¦
An air of mystery surrounds the is
suance of a marriage license to Jesse
L. Goldstein of 1721 Pacific avenue and
Pauline M. Harris of 1915 Post street.
Last Saturday a ; handsome young
woman entered the department of the
County Clerk's office over . which
"Cupid" Danforth presides and made
application for a license. She gave the
names mentioned. She answered all
interrogations of the clerk readily and
gave the age of the prospective groom
as 21 and confessed to twenty summers
herself. -.V:: ";
Goldstein was unable to be found at
his* residence . or accustomed haunts
last evening. A call' at the Post street
address elicited the information ' that
no one bearing ,the name given by
the young lady had ever resided in
the house. Mr. Weil, j a friend of i the
family, stated last night that they had
heard of the issuance of the" license,
but emphatically declared • that the
.marriage had not been solemnized. He
was reticent when asked ' if . there was
parental objection to the union and
as to the identity of the young woman
in the case. . .
ExctlUct furr.ltvre must be «o!d thi« week.
C<TBer «tore. H. Kcheijh&ac. Oakland.' •
Californians in Washington.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 5.—
The follownng Californians are in
Washington: John H. Miller- of San
Francisco at the New Willard and J.
H. Hrewster of San Francisco at the
MYSTERY SURROUNDS
3IARRIAGE LICENSE
Homer Davenport, one of the great
est American cartoonists, will give
two interesting talks, illustrated with
rapid sketching, in view of the audi
ence, at Lyric Hall on .Thursday night.
March 20, and Saturday afternoon,
the 12th. Davenport started out as
a ne'er do well in Silverton, Or., where
he was apprenticed to a shoemaker;
then Joined a circus, which he quit
because asked to "oil an elephant,"
and finally \ settled down on a local
newspaper. In a few months he rose
tb such prominence that nearly every
paper in America was seeking his ser
vices. He has always been loyal to
this city, where he got his first start
in the line which has made him world
famous, and his visit here will be
heartily welcomed by his old friends
of the press and the clubs.
The talks are really galaxies of.
clever anecdotes of personal "experi
ences, mostly humorous, and as Dav
enport has 'a majrnfetlsm which holds
his auditors spellbound a most inter
esting and. amusing as well as in
structive evening may be looked for
ward to. Mr. Davenport will,repro
duce some of the . cartoons -that made
him famous and will draw some orig
inal caricatures. The -sale- of seats
opens at Sherxnan.Clay & Co.'s next
Wednesday morning, March 9. Price*
will be II.. 75 cents and 50 cents, in
cluding reserved seaL Mali orders
should be sent to Will L. Greenbauni,
Lyric Hal!. ' •
Lectures Before His Old lYIcnds
In This City. . -.."..
Homer Davenport to Give Illustrated
FAMOUS CARTOONIST WILL
i:\TKRTAIX LOCAL AUDIENCE!
ALAMEDA. March 5.— Rear Admiral
B. H. McCalla, commandant of the
Mare Island Navy Yard, has written to
City Clerk J. W. Gillogly informing
that official that he will have a tug de
liver the Spanish trophy gun loaned to
Alameda by the War Department at
the Broadway wharf in Oakland .next
Friday. The piece of ordnance will be
conveyed here at the expense .of the
city and will be placed at the corner
of Santa Clara avenue and Oak street,
in front of the City HalL
snniiMi Gun for Alamctln.
Form Los Angeles— W. Hyder, at
the Herald Square; C. A. Baskervtlle,
at the Continental.
NEW YORK, March 5. — The follow
ing Californian3 are in New York:
From San Francisco — B. D. Adamson,
at the St. Denia; E. C. Clark and E. F.
Fortune and.wif«. at the Grand Union;
H. C. Norton, at the Albemarle; C. C.
Rosenmasser, at the St. Denis; H. P.
Taylor, at the Wellington; F. B. Find
lay, at the Navarre; F. H. Wheelan
and wife, at the Wolcott.
Cnlifornlana in- Xciv York.
ALAMEDA, March 5.— Bicycle thleve3
are' active here, and within the last
week numerous thefts of wheels have
been reported to the police. Several of
the missing bicycles were taken from
the stand in front of the Free Library.
Louis Lenz last evening had his wheel
stolen while he was in the reading
room. '. "
Bicycle Thieves Keep Busy
Kxtra large barcain* In couches and exten
sion tables at H. Scbellhaas'. Oakland. •
Announces His IK'putles.
OAKLAND, March 5. — County As
re^Esor Henry P. Dalton announced the
follow ing iist of names of those who
will act as deputy county assessor 1 !
for the coming year: H. C. Dexter, X.
H. Miller. \V. N. Vandermark. Charle3
J. Krister. D. D. McLaren. N. G.
Sturtevant. T. C. Stoddard. B. R. Fra-
Fer. Emanuel Georgre, Andrew Artken,
William Q. Rigney. George N. Cash,
John W. McCoy. W. P. Winegar. G. W.
Detjer:*. H. E. Harwood. W. F. Raf
fetto. II. C. Ainsworth. A. J. Blakie,
H. L. Baker. E. E. Gehring, W. J.
McDonald. Martin McDonald, G. F.
Crandal!. W. S. O'Brien. James F.
Ford. E. S. Fowler and Michael F.
Galvin.
Nineteenth Anniversary.
OAKLAND, March 5. — Oakland
Parlor No. 50.. N. S. G. W., will give
a vihist party at Odd" Fellows' Hall
next Wednesday evening in celebra
tion of the nineteenth anniversary of
the organization x>t the parlor. The
members of the committee in charge
are Past Presidents John J. Xaegle.
George P. Clough and W. L. Paulson.
. OAKLAND, March, 5.— The -final ac
count of the administrator of the estate
of- the late George W. Percy was al
lowed by Judge Greene to-day, and he
ordered the estate-distributed. to Emma
C. Percy, the enrvivlng widow. The
property consists of cash to the ahiount
of $32,526 06. thirty shares of stock in
the Pacific Borax ' Company " and -fhe"
family home on Boulevard terrace.
Percy Estate -Distributed."
The feature of yesterday's market wa» the
sharp upward turn in the Comstocks at
the ttosfe, Ophlr Wading with sales up to 55 73.
ami the other north end stocks following, as
will be socn by Die list of sales. .
The local securities wese quiet, as usual on
Saturday, with an advance in Honokaa Su^ar
to %IZ'. The on stocks- were dul>.
Hal*? on the California Exchange last week
w*re 45.^10 shares, valued at (22,053. th« lead
ing sales being as follows: Aztec. 213O snares:
Associated OH. 12.1S8: ink-ago Crude. to'Xk;
Claremont. 3000; Home. 11OO; Independence,
5500: Junction. l:!50: Kern, 1150; Senator. 100O;
Sovereign. 1650: Superior, 150O; Toltec, 1500.
A dividend of *'< per share has been declared
on the su»ck of the Nevada County Narrow-
Gauge Railroad Company.
The Jackson Butte Alining and Milling Cctn
pany of Aniaoor County has levied an asse3s
imnt of lc per share, delinquent April IS.
The Grirzly Mining Company of Tuolumne
County has levied an assessment of 10c per
share, delinquent April 4.
Ex-dividend yesterday — Pacific Lighting
Company, regular monthly. 35c per share,
amounting- to IIJ.CCO; Onomca Sugar Com
pany, reRular monthly, 20c per share, amount
ing to.S10.0t>0.
Brunswick C. G and M. Company has-'levied
assessment No. 'M. of Uc per share, to become,
delinquent on the Board .March -M.
The shareholders of the Vlgorit ' Powder
Company who. some time ago. deposited th«v
ztock to.be (orwarded to Wilmington for ex
change, according to agreement. lor stock of
the £. I. du Pont de Nemours Powder Com
pany, are now receiving the stock of the latter
company tbruuch the Donohoe-Kelly Banking
Company. For each share of Vlgorit. $:." 73 in
preferred ttock of the Du Pont Company and
$4 67 In common are given.
Stock mid: Bond Exchange. »
SATURDAY. March 5 — 12 m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup . .10714108 U Its qr cp r.ewl;t2«-i —
4f <jr reg ...107\itOSVilJs qr coup ..10UH107
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — O T Co 6s." — 113li
Bay CPC 5s. — 102 IK> 5s — 112\j
Cal C G 6«. — 104H Do con 5s. — NMfj
Cal O & E O Oceanic S 5s. — 75
m & ct 5s. — 94 Om Cable Us. 123 —
Cal Cable 5«.U6*ill7}i Pac O Im 4s. 00 M
C C Wat Os. — 100 Pac Elec .V.lu.-.U —
E L. & P 68.125 131 P &.C H t-s.10.TU —
f & c H 6s.ii4 lie p a- o r. 6s.ne —
Geary-st 5s.. 45^j 00 Powell-st «». — —
H C&S 5U.S.104 — S E GAR Bs. OO'/jlOO
.Do 5i 08 — SF A 8JV5s.tlSl 4 ll«U
Hon R T e«.100 — Sierra Ry 6s.ll2>* —
L. A Elec 5s. — 1C5 S P of A to
L A Ry 58.112*4113 V t (19CJ» ....105*4 _
X, A L Co ««. — — [ (1010) ....106^ —
Do gtd «s. — — S P of C 6s
Do gtd Sa.lOStilCSlJi (19C5)Sr A. — 104«i
LAP lcm5s..l01*i — <19O5)Sr B.105U —
Market-st 6sll« — S P of C Cs
Do lem 5«.115 — (lSXW) __
MV&Mt TSs.104 — (1312) 11SH —
NRR of C6S.107 — SPC 1 eg 5s. — - —
Do Bs 11*U — Do stmpd.100% —
N P C R Ss.105 — S P B R Hs.m _
N C Ry 6s..— — |S V Wat 6s.lO4V4
N C P C Bs.*— 100 I Do 4.1 2dm. 99%100«i
N S R Bs... — lOOVii Do 4s .1.1m. —
O G LAH 5s.lC8 — IStkn. G&E «» — ICO
O W gtd 5s. — 100 IIT G * E Bs.ICOVi —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Coita — 41 (Port Costa.. — _
Marln Co . . — 61 IS V V.' Co. 30 30>;
GAS AND ELECTRIC. .
Cent L. * P. -3tt 3% rt F O ft E. J7 37>A
Mutual E L. *H 1O Stkn O A E. «5 —
Pac L Co.. 53% — U O. A >.B. . 30 3|
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
S F G t E. — — I
INSURANCE.
Klrem't FndSIP SIS"!
BANK STOCKS
Am Nat Bk. — 125 ILon P & A. 138 1«3
AnKlo-Cal ..80 02H Mer Trust... — 225
Bank of Cal. — 4.10 Merch Ex... _ . -_
Cal Safe Dp.147%150 S F Natlonl — _
First Natlonl — — »
SAVINGS BANKS.
Cer S &' L. .— 23C0 |Sav A Loan. — . Ki>
Hb™ S & L. — — jsec Sa»* ftk ? 4"<>
Mut Sav Bk-lOO — JL'nion T Col '_&_,.>
STREET RAIUr.OADH W*%$&
California . . 195 - 2W • j Presidio ~M*J^
Giant CV 62 | Vlrorit 3«i —
(Una P CO. 2t'c 4llc Kltauta S P. — : 5
Hawaiian C. 45 4J t ,j Makaweli C. 21 '4 2"i;
I Honokaa 8 C i:S 14% Oncmra 8 <; 22'-^ "y
Hutch 8 P. ««» — Panuhan S P l»% 1.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A.i:t7 1.18 Oc«antc S C" 4«i —
Cal F C A. 03 — Pac Aux FA. 5 0
Cal \V*lne A. — JM Pac C BorxlCT '
m v & , MtTm. ICO — :
Sharp Upziard Turn in. Mining
Stocks at the Close.
"Four of the men sat down on .deck
at 12 o'clock and ate a. lunch. Then
they went to work again and kept It
up until 2:50. when they cut loose
and turning their launch toward the
bay disappeared rou^d the point.
"I was told by persons near the beach
that they had seen the launch out
there every day for the last two weeks.
"On the beach I found some wreck
age, Including a number of empty
boxes and kegs. Only one of them had
any marks that I could read. This
box was stamped: 'Records of U. S.
Sub. Trea.- 1900-1901.' I copied the in
scription. The date might indicate that
the box had been In the Rlo's cargo."
• Young Killick's. clear and truthful
story points to the history of the Rio
since she sank beneath the waves. The
fated ship went down in the seaway off
the rocks west of Fort Point. Here
the tide often reaches a maximum of
seven or eight miles, and it is likely
that the vessel was swung > round
from her first location until she rested
finally against the rocks southwest of,
the point. Victor Killlck described the
anchoring ground of the launch seen
by him as close to the rocks which are
visible at this point. It would seem
that the wreck, if such it is, has not
been covered by sand. . .
Experienced sailors last night gave
full credit to the story of the raising
of the Rio's cargo.
Continued From 'Page 35* Column' 4.
ju. ¦¦¦- - ¦; ; ; — 4.
crew had" a field glass, with which he
kept watch on the boats passing- and
on the people on the bluffs above. But
the men aboard did not seem unfriend
ly to me and they returned may salu
tation when I .waved my hat at thenv
If they were" on guard to keep their
proceedings secret and get away in
case any one should approach I sup
pose they regarded me as harmless.
The time it took the 'men at the ropes
to pull a box or keg out of the water,
working hand over hand, was so. long
that I concluded the d.epth at-thio
point must be nearly 100 feet.
BERKELEY. March 5—While'walk
ing alone the street near her home on
tfixth street; b«?t»veen AJlston way and
Addison street.. Mi?s Lena Murphy, was.
knocked do»B by a runaway horse to r
day and eo gf-Hously injured that she
will b£ .under r the doctor's care, for -a
long tirne. Her left arm was broken
aLova the elbow.' her shoulder dislo
cated and sh" was severely bruised on
the body. For a while It was feared
that she -was Internally injured, bufall
danger from this direction has now
rassfd away. Miss Murphy saw the
hors* running down the street, and
thcupht herself free from danger until
the animal suddenly turned toward her.
It was then too late to escape.
Miss Lena Murphy 3frcts With Serious
Accident While Walking -Alonff
the Stfect. ' ' T v
IIORftE RUNS INTO YOUNG
WOMAN AND BREAKS ARM
? OAKLAXf)^ }&¦*$& : fr- 1 -^ free clinic
;fo'r the treatment,. 9* ; the poor- of this
is- 'to *beT o^'ti-d v^eyti -••¦ Monday
morning at the ; Oakland College of
Medicine and Surgery '.at Thirty-first
and . Gro-ce .stre*Ts>l;->XWs . cjinlc is in
jtende<J v <mf y for^ihos£ ¦ that ' i 'iare*iiriafcle
;to pay.for. the. services- of a physician
laiid if^is -not (expe'cte4 that " any per
son 'with "means '. will •4.PP 1 >' i fo , r . V?* 1 '.
raeht.' - -"'/¦ ~ -'' ,' .""---V •¦:'/-/¦* '"v • -V '¦ -¦•'
Will Treat the Poor.
Judge Kenneth Jackson, attorney
for the Tonopah Mining Company, re
turned yesterday from Nevada and 1$
registered at the Palace. .
Dr. J. L. Bond of Ukiah and Dr. D.
F. Osborne. former superintendent of
the Home for Feeble Minded Children
at Eldridge, arrived at the Occidental
yesterday. "
Mrs. Gilbert Emerson Arnold has
left San Francisco to join her hus
band's family. Sir Edwin Arnold's, in
London. Dr. Arnold, who is the Gov
ernment medical officer ] at Fiji, left
for, the island colony by the Sierra.
His mother was an American and his
godfather was Ralph Waldo Emerson,
whose name the intellectual godson
wears with honor. Speaking of his
wide travels. Dr. Arnold says that the
three scenes of the world that hav#
most impressed him are Niagara Falls,
the geysers of New Zealand and the
Grand Canyon " of . Arizona, and the
most graceful custom the draping of
departing} friends with leis of flowers,
as practiced by the Hawaiian natives,
especially around ' Honolulu.
D. J. Lyons, chief clerk of the St.
James_ Hotel of San Jose, spent Sat
urday- In this city as a guest of the
Occidental.
-. W. H. Davis, a manufacturing drug
gist of Detroit, is at the Occidental.
,'.. James Whittaker, a prominent busi
ness man'of Gait, is at the Occidental.
-I.- B.-, Hamilton, a" mining man of
Los Angeles, Is staying at the Occi
dental.
. . Dr. H. C. Smlther of Denver is at
the Lick: %%
: George R. Stewart, a farmer of
Crows Landing; Is at the Lick.
. "VV. A. Smith", a prominent insurance
mafrtof Chicago, is at the Palace.
PERSONAL.
The .Mechanics' Institute suffered a great
loss during the year In the death of Irving
M; Scott, who wa» formerly Its president, and
who wa» always a etanch friend of the Insti
tute. '
During the year we were enabled to Inaug
urate a §ystematlc course of lectures by es
tablishing the Mechanics' Institute as a uni
versity extension center. A course, of twelve
lectures on the French Re%-olution by Professor
H. Morse Stephens was provided, and the suc
cess of th)« experiment Is evidenced by - the
fact that our assembly hall Is too small for
the attendance and we are compelled to use
the art gallery of tho pavilion. Professor
Stephens, who la at the head of the depart
ment of university extension 'in Berkeley, has
assured us of his Intention to further develop
these courses of lecture*. At present he Is
considering the advisability of a short course
to be given by ' some of the pron»in«!nt men
who will be connected with the summer school
at the university.
We sometimes hear complaints, and perhaps
the only cause for a great many resignations
Is our inability to supply the latest works of
fiction to every member within a short time of
publication. A recent Investigation developed
the fact that of our large membership fulls
83 .per cent take out books. If we add to this
those members who belong merely for the sake
of visiting the chess room and a larger num
ber who prefer to read, in the library, we are
Justified In concluding that our entire member
ship is an active one.
The completion of the forty-ninth year of
the- existence of the Mechanics' Institute
brings no startling changes in the even tencr
of. its. way. Like all Institutions, this one
also; while it has not drifted away from Its
earliest purposes, • has added greatly to -its
usefulness. It was originally formed by me
chanics for the purpose of supplying the great
need of a library for the mechanics of San
Francisco, but started with a Bible, the con
stitution cf the Cnlted States. Encyclopedia of
Architecture and "Curtis on Conveyancing,"
and stands to-day a library of great usefulness
in technology, commerce and general litera
ture. The technological portion of the li
brary has been dclevoped steadily, following a
well deflne*d plan and purpose.
The affiliation of the Technical Society has
been of the greatest benefit to that particular
branch of the library and its Buccecs suggests
the advisability and possibility of the forma
tion of an organization which would do as
much for our library of- commerce. I; have
not the least doubt that If properly managed
a society of those Interested In trade and
commerce could be formed and affiliated with
us. not only for the purpose of collecing books,
but the Mechanics* Institute wculd be ready to
provide a regular course of lectures by compe
tent university extension' lecturers. I ¦ offer
this suggestion to the officers and members of
the Mechanics' Institute in the earnest hope
that It may be acted upon In the near future.
Our membership is. In my judgment, satis,
factory.
The annual, meeting of the mem
bers of the Mechanics* Institute was
held last night in the institute reading
roofti on the third floor of. the build
ing. The attendance was exceptional
ly large and the annual report of Pres
ident Randolph J. Taussig was lis
tened to with much attention.
From among the trustees selected
at the last quarterly meeting the fol
lowing officers of the institute, were
elected: ¦ •
, President,. Rudolph J. Taussig; .vice
president, George H. Wailis; corre
sponding secretary, James H. Lyons;
recording secretary,' James' G. Spauld
ing; treasurer. Central Trust Com
pany.. Joseph M. Cummings, who has
for a long time filled the position of
general secretary with singular satis
faction to the institute and its mem
bers, succeeded himself in his old po
sition. ~ . . -. •._'¦-
The report of the secretary showed
a membership of 3257. During the
past year 43 88 new books have been
added to the library. There are now
90,908 volumes in the" library and dur
ing the year 14 7,840 books were circu
lated.
Two amendments to the constitution
were offered providing respectively
that twenty and twenty- five years'
membership In the institute shall en
title* one to life membership without
further fees. Xo action was taken on
the, proposals.
The report of President Taussig was
in part as follows:
STOCK MARKET.
Guatemala and Mexican — 14315c for fancy
washed; li^i^Hc for prima to strictly prime
warhtu: lHiSH'iC for strictly- gr>od wash»<l.
10*«fillc for good washed; 9mno>-ic for fair
washed: S?it>c for mediuin: "Kt'ic lor Inferior
to ordinary-: 10S612SC for fair to prime
washed peabcrry: IM-ifilCc for good to prime
unwashed peab»rry: a»^tii>c for good to su
perior unwashed.
Nicaragua— 12^;813*ie nominal for prime to
fancr washed: OUtSHe nominal for fair to
strictly good washed: S'-i'SS^c for rood to su
perior unwashed; OV^giO^c ior good to prime
unwashed peaberry.
berry :*>}i <89 s ;c for good to prime s»mi- washed:
S*S9 l iC for superior unwashed; S'stJVc for good
Srsen unwashed; omilOt-" fcr good to superior
unwashed pcaberry; TgSc for- inferior to or
dinary.
Continued From Page Forty-seven.
Annual fleeting of Members
of 3Iechanics ? Institute Is
Held and Officers Chosen
Mcmlng S'sslcn.
Board —
40 H nckaa 8 Co 12 30
KO Honokaa S Co ,,.. 12 «2^4
SO Honokaa S Co 13 0t>
H> Hutchjnsoa 3 V Co JT 2*
223 Paauhau S P Co 13 7S
1O Spring Valley \Vat»r. cash. . . 39 ?O
$1,000 S P of C tis <1SXW> 107 OO
Street —
5 Hcnckaa S Co 12 50
fl.CCO Market- ft Ry 1st con 5s 113 00
California Stock & Oil Exchange.
Oil Stocks— Bid. Xsked.
Alma 135
Apollo 43 .---
Associated Trust Cert 21 23
Aztec 75 80 ,
Caribou 2 0O ¦
Central Point Con 65 6S
ChlcaK" Crude 13 . . • •
Claremont 43 30
Kulton 4 00
Hanford 140 CO
Home 120 125
Independence 16 17
Junction 15 14
Ken 4 75 5 0O
Kern River 13 00
Morjiixh of Arizona 41 43
Mcnte Cr!sto 75 80
Occidental of W Va 15 ....
OU City Petroleum 32 • Si
P««r>«s* 13 5" - i...
Reed Crude 11O ....
Senator <W ¦....
Sovereign 45 4S»
Sterling 2 8O
Superior 05 06
Toltec .:.; 19 ....
Twenty-eight 4 20 4 40
West Shore 2 50 - 2 75
Associated Bonds 79 80
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land & Improve— »nt .. 1 SO 1 50
Chutes Company 7 OO ....
Fischer's Theater 1 no ....
Northern Cal Power 0 50 10 00
SALES.
Morning Session.
10CO Sovereign. b80 50
23CO Claremont. b 15 * . 50
3C0 Monarch 41
i:«h» Junction 15
2t*> Home b 6O 1 3u
SCO Homa 1 25
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. < BIdAslU
Bay CPC 6s.l0O 1<X1 [a P Co 4H»- » »»
n L Wat 6s. — 120 'Sun Tel «s.ll3 —
Cal >TW R5s.Hl*; — ! Do 5a lfCJj —
SF Drdk 5s. — tt.iu Suttr-st RSb.105 113
SF « XPSs-lll^lllVjUR of SF 43. 73*i —
3 P C R 4s. — ICO ;
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co... — T2 Mils Nat Bk.3CQ —
Cal Cot Mils — »o Xev Xat'Bk. — 210
Ca» GAECor. 4O — X S li R... U —
C Jockey Cl. 99 12<> N C P Co.. B —
Cal Powder. 125 — ;oak Ek Sav.112^ —
Cal Ship Co. 15 3O jOak T Con. «5 —
Cal T 1 A T.1S3 14O ;1OOF Hall A 5*j —
?>n Bk. Oak ei% — iOrpheum Cu. — 16%
i Chctea Co .. tt'j — Pac S T«1..1CO —
City & C Bk. — 112 Paraf Paint. 3S —
East Dynrn.150 2S0 s F Drydock CO —
FN Bk. Oak.llM) — SF&3J Coal. 2t> —
Fischer Thtr l' t US si J Wat Co. — H^l
i Krnch-.V l: <!•."• — .?o & MTcbt — I«t5
1 <3a» Con A. U>v, 21 ;SwiS3-A BVc.114 —
, Hono P Co.. 12 — Truck Ele--. — 13
Lon* SF Bk. — r.» ;t'R InC pfd. 44*i —
Mat Nav Co. — 90 I Do com .. 10i» —
Mrrning Session.
Str»«—
$10. COO United It R of S F 4 p*r cent. 79 3S
Receipts of Produce.
FOR SATURDAY. MARCH 5.
F!cur. qr sks .. 10. C77 Ground Feed, sk 414
Wheat, ctls 1.327 'riusar. ctls 3.050
I Barley, ctla 7.791 Tallow ctls ... 22H
Oats, ctls 143 Pelts. X«j ;m
Beans. .«k.« l..*X5 Hide*. >k>. .... 3.3ri7
Potatoes, sks .. <S.5iS Leather, rolls .. 101
Ou'ona. sks . . . 45:; Paper, reama . . . fSiS
Bran, tks 7«O Wine, gmla 53 35«»
Middlings, sks.. 100 Quicksilver, fiks
"Hay. tons 4.10. Brandy sals... 4ou
Straw, tons IO;Ume "bbls .... 1&;
Hops. ba!es ... 30 Chicory bbla .. «
Mustard. *kjs .. SSOiRaislna, bx» ... 1.50O
NEVADA.
Potatoes, aks .. 671!
Mining Stocks. ... **j
SAX FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE
Following were the cales on the San Fr*a
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Andes 44 1 400 Savage . . m
1 no Gould & Cur. 41 jltioo Scorpion- .. (r
S0O Mexican 1 701 3C0 Union Con . R.T
>}*> Op h -r 4 40! 2C0 Yellow Jacket 43
200 Ophtr 4 85 2C0 Yellow Jacket 40
100 Overman 321
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE
Following were the sales on- th«" Padfla
Stock Exchange yesterday: . -«-—<*
Morning Session.
100 Andes **i ICO Mexican' 183
1W Andes 42! 100 Mexican ...1 OTVi
.100 Andes 4«i ICO Mexican 2 Co
10OAnd« 4Sj 1O> Mexican \':::2 65
10O Andes 49; 40O Ophlr ....... I 45
40O Belcher 27 fto Ophlr ... I I?
2OO Belcher M 1W Ophlr ".'"i «
1C0 Best & Belch.2 05 ! 100 Ophlr '...... '1 no
100 Best & Belch.2 001 10O Overman ..' so
SCO Caledonia .1 17^1 KXK) Potosl ri
50<» Con C A Va.l Ml 100 Savage " m
100 Con C * V.I 67^ 10«JO Scorpion" '.*"* (r*
1C0 Con C A Va.l 70 70O Sierra Xav so
100 Con C A V.I 72^ 100 Sierra kev ** v*
60O Con C & Va.l 75 2CO Sierra Xev KS
100 Con C * V.I 77ii 100 silver Hill '.'. Kl
n C * Va.l So 100 Union Con 83
100 Crown Point. 19 300 Union' Con £>
2COOOUM * Cur. "41 ICO rfiioS CoS g 83
?I2I ? OUl .' 1 * Cur - 42 W'O Yellow. Jacket 45
00 / 8110 - J « k « =•
TOXOPAH MIXING EXCHANGE "
Fotlowlng were th* ial«* ga the San Kraa
clsco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
1100 Mont Ton ..1 27',i!1100 Mont Ton ..1 2»
CLOSIXO QUOTATIOXa.
SATURDAY. March 5—13 ni
Cid.Ask.l -Eld Ask.
Alpha ....... 0»J x W« Justice 04 m
Alta CS 10 Kentuc^t .... 03 04
Andes • . *¦'- M Keyes Graes . — l t%
Belcher 28 2S Lady Waah _ A*
Best & B*lch.2 00 2 23 Mexican ...'.'" 00 " in
Bullion 07 lOOcridentai . S3 " ss
Caledonia ...1 2O 1 25 Ophir j^,.-
Challenge Con 35 36 O%erman ii ~t
Chollar 10 21 Poto*| " ji Ti
Confidence ...1 lo 1 20 Savage •% 11
Con C & Va.l 75 I P0 Scorpion" '.'.'." tr n-.
Ccm Imperial. 01 «l Se* Belcher. . oH Ji
.Con NY.... m 05 Sierra Nev " m Si
Crown Point. IS 21 Silver Hit! .. «,; eu
Kast Sierra X 05 — St Loui. ,Ji ,?
Eureka Con. . . — 50 Syndicate . ' «u ,V4
Exchequer ...< 14 its Union Cbn " ir m.
Gould & Cur. 45 40: Utah ..2- 2i
%'£ *.. No . r ': 1 cl l r1i Y ' 1!ow » «
MAY HUtEJIIIO Rifl'S HULK.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, March 5.
Two hundred and fifty feet of Oak
land water front property sold here
at public auction to-day at $40,400.
The purchaser is C- H. Holbrook of
the San Francisco firm of Holbrook.
Merrill & Stetson. The bidding for
him was done by George W. Umbsen,
the real estate dealer. The land oc
cupies the space between Webster
street and the drawbridge and has a
depth of 390 feet.
For years the property has been the
subject of litigation and the sale to
day was the result of an order handed
down by the Supreme Court that the
land be sold and the proceeds divided
between Alice E. Doane, W. C. Par
sons and the heirs of the late John D.
Cameron.
.The sale is considered an Import
ant one here, as it is indicative of the
value of Oakland water front real
estate. Holbrook intends to make ex
tensive improvements on the land' and
will build wharves and warehouses
on It.
At present the premises are occu
pied by the Coos Bay Coal Company,
Charles H. Butler & Co., the Oakland
Wood and Coal Company, the Oregon
Coast and Navigation Company and
John Heithalt.
Before Oakland was thought of
Doane, Parsons and others occupied the
tide lands for oyster beds, and,- while
they have held possession of the prop
erty ever since, they have had to de
fend themselves against numerous
suits brought to dispossess them.
Joseph B. Lanktree, as referee, con
ducted the sale from the Courthouse
steps at noon to-day. W. C. Parsons,
Dr. W. D. Huntington. A. P. Holland
and Umbsen took part in the 'bidding.
In order to confrom to the descrip
tions and court instructions the land
was sold in two pieces. The first and
larger piece was put up and knocked
down to % Umbsen for $25,400. He also
got the second piece, paying $15,000.
He was evidently ready to pay more
and the others dropped out of the
competition an* let him take it. . .
¦ . Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, March 5.
One man and forty-eight horses lost
their lives in the fire at the City Hall
stables last night and one man was
Injured, while p.roperty to the amount
of J25,<H<0 was destroyed.
- The body of . Dennis Manning, the
missing stable-keeper, was found by
Aspistant Chief Engineer of the Fire
Department George McDonald at 4
o'clock this morning. It was general
ly believed last night that Manning
had Jtost his life, but 'it was not until
nearly daylight "that 4 the body was
found. The remains were at once
turned over to Deputy Coroner Quel-
Ijn. •'
When the firemen and F. W. Baker,
the proprietor" of the burned place, got
to work upon the ruins this morning
iV was ; discovered that forty-eight
horses had v been burned to death.
The horses were all kept in the sec
ond etory of the stable, as is usual in
stables of this kind." The fire started
immediately" under the run-way that
leads from the ground floor to the sec
ond story. Before the firemen could
"arrive this run-way was destroyed
and the horses in the second story
were absolutely doomed.
..." The position of the bodies discovered
this morning shows that some of the
horses in their death agony kicked
their shoes off In their terror of . the
fire.
The loss is estimated at about $23,000.
Baker had no Insurance. In addition
to his loss there will be the loss of
individual horse owners. Dr. W. S.
porter lost a fine saddle horse worth
several hundreds of dollars and a span
of carriage horses. Dr. C. H. Walker
lost a span and a buggy and Dr. H.
J. I.arkey lost two valuable horses.
The private losses will amount to over
$5000. ,.
There was practically no insurance
upon anything in the stables.
The men first realized that "they
had been robbed when the night
watchman called them this morning.
Then they saw the condition of their
room* and pockets and knew- that vis
itors had called during the night.
They forthwith hotinei the police/ bat
p.* there i« no clew to the. burglars
ihere seerr.s to be little chance 'of
catching, them;- , ,.'..:'..".¦
From the. rooms of George McCar
thy. Joe Devinl and Frank Daly -the
burglars got. 5S$ in coin. This money
they took from beneath the men' as
they tlcjt. .a.r.i the i; boldness of this
work is what makes the victims think
that thfy rnun have, been dosed, with
chloroform" by men'that knew their
business. ¦ Noi»« of them heard a .noise
during. the night and .none .was dis
turbed in the least.
McCarthy lost $47 that was hidden
in the :»Jllow upon which .he. lay. De
vir.i lost $31 and DaJy $18. Besides
the ca?h all their tobacco, knives and
other trinkets; were 'stolen^ from, the
pockets of. their 'trousers and coats,
which were turned inside. out. . .
After reaching th».deck th$ burg
lars began a. systematic looting of the
staterooms. In •even* room they visit
#*d they turned everything upside
down and the disorderly appearance
of the room* this morning shows how
thoroughly they searched for. valu
able?.
The burglars- boarded the Bteajner
by means of a gangplank- they ; ran
from tb* wharf to; tfte pafldle wheel,
up which they climbed -to the upper
deck. This mode of entrance accounts
lor the "deception of ihie night watch
man. \yho stayed at -the bow of the
vessel moEt of the r.!grht/ ' "* "
A band of enterprising "burglars
boarded the stern wheel steamer Res
olute at the W«t' Berkeley, wharf late
last night and looted liie vessel Iron
stem to stern while the crew'slept on
and the night watchman wandered
about the decks. There 1 Is something
mysterious about the robbery 'and the.
victims say that- the .burglars .used
chloroform .to\*eei>' them 'in* their
slumbere uniH the robbing was done.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call.
214 8 Center Street. March. 5.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Isabella Maguire, the 12-year-old
truant, who a few months ago kept
the police on both sides of the bay
busy returning. her to her parents at
Golden Gate, is again in the juvenile
detention ward at the Receiving Hos
pital, having walked thirty miles in
order to get away from a family with
whom she was placed in San Joaquin
County by Juvenile, Probation Officer
C. Anita Whitney. .
It is believed the girl is Incorrigible
and probably she will be sent to a re
formatory Monday. She stole various
amounts from her mother, aggregat
ing $80, and one night was found try
ing to find a sleeping place in a car
barn near the Chutes in San Francisco.
After numerous promises to be good,
which were broken as soon as the op
portunity offered, she was taken from
her home and sent away to live with
a family out in the country.
She tired of rural scenes night be
fore last and walked thirty miles into
the town of Gait. There the authori
ties took charge of her and in answer
to a communication was put on the
train and sent to Oakland, where she
was met by Policeman William Moore
this afternoon and locked up.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, March 5.
The strike situation in the local meat
markets* remains unchanged. ¦ The big
ihops are running with reduced' forces
and are endeavoring to repla.ee the men
they have locked out with non-union
men: .-In the smaller shops the effect
of the' trouble is riot felt so keenly. The
'¦\ shops that have refused to join Jn with
j the boss butchers in their fight k.gainst
? the union men it Is said are doomed, as
Tin a short time they will be unable to
r get any .meat,. As an illustration of
! this C. F. Scheithe of '877 "6an Pablo
i avenue discharged his son this morning
! and Joined the ranks of the boss butch
i erF. and in his explanation of his action
said: "I could get no meat unless I
signed not to employ, a. union man. As
I must live, I could do no more than ac
ctpt the terms" offered me. My son is a
member of the unions hence I cannot
employ him." ',
Several policemen have been detailed
j to ,guaxd Becker's market In case of
any demons£ratlon. The butchers that
a>e' locked out claim that they are in
no hurry and that their union is the
best- organized in the town, and they
! express the belief that they can win.
• At the present time there is no indica
tion' that the cooks and waiters will
| take a hand in the, fight. They have
held no regular meeting since the out
break of the trouble, and if . they can
render . materiaj assistance all the in
fluence that r can be brought to bear
upon them will be exerted within the
next few. days.'.," j '
The main strength of the boss butch
1 ers-.-lies' m the. fact that they have the
¦j wholesale men back of them. Becker
j received .word to-day from Miller &
Lux telllng-him *o keep up -the fight h*
j has started. The wholesalers have
'agreed not to supply any butcher that
1 employs union help. Notwithstanding
this several shops have refused to dls
' charge their union men, and the'em
j .njoyjers . say. they can get meat from
] *>ther sources. . ; \ • . . -\.
Oakland Office Ban Frantlsco Call,
. ¦ \ 1118 .Broadway, March 5.
HEAR REPORT
OF PRESIDENT
While acting as his own plumber
and endeavoring to repair a leaky, gas
fixture at his residence, 1721 Sixteenth
street, R. A. Smith caused . an explo
sion ofgas^which blew out all -the
windows in the front of the house and
painfully burned the amateur plumber.
Smith had been making some con
nections with the gas fixtures' in an
upper front room and did not notice
that he had allowed a large amount of
gas to escape. He left* the room for
a short time and on returning out
of the fresh air he discovered a strong
odor of gas. Thinking that one of the
connections was leaking he struck a
match to search 'for the leak and the
gas In the room exploded -with -a loud
report, smashing nearly every window
in the house, setting fire to some lace
curtains and seriously burning Smith.
The fire was extinguished with little
damage.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
,1118 Broadway, March 5. .
Spirited Bidding Marks the
Transfer of the Property
and Establishes Its Value
Death Agony of the Equines
Disclosed at the Search
Made After the Big Fire
Amateur Plumber Severely
Injured and Are
Blown From Casements
Men Get Up in- the Morning
and Find .Enterprising
Thieves Have Taken Money
Probation Officer C. Anita
Whitney Will Ask to Have
; Her Sent to Reformatory
LIGHTS MATCH AT LEAK
Wholesalers Side With the
.Majority and .Will . Sell
No Meat to Tlieir Rivals
ELUDE THE WATCHMAN
HORSES KICK SHOES OFF
EMPLOYERS AGGRESSIVE
COURT ORDERS THE SALE
IS A 'CONFIRMED TRUANT
Oakland 3Ieat Markets Oper
ating With Small Forces.
While Men Walk Streets
Board the Steamer Kesblute
and Sack All Staterooms.
Securing Lot of Plunder
Dennis JIanning Burned to
Death in the Conflagration
;at the City Hall Stables
11. A. Smith Attempts to Do
His Own Plumbing With
Most Disastrous Results
Secures Two Hundred and
Fifty Feet, of the Oakland
Water Front for §40,400
BURGLARS LOOT
STERN-WHEELER
BUTCHERS KEEP
UP THEIR FIGHT
BODY IS FOUND
IN THE RUINS
EXPLODING GAS
MENACES LIFE
HOLBROOK BUYS
LAND FOR DOCK
GIRL PROVES
INCORRIGIBLE
Twelve -Year -Old Isabella
Haguire Walks 30 Miles
to Escape Her Guardians
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, MARCH 6 f 1004.
MASON. Neb.,- March 6.— Fire to-day de
stroyed the principal portion of . the business
*ectloa or the-- town. • -Lbs*. J75.CW. -V - -
38
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IX
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND.
1118 Broadway.
Telephone Main 10S3.
BEKKKLKY.
2H8 Center .Street.
Telephone North 1~-
ALA3IEDA.
1433 Park Street.
Telephone liisle 502.Mara, from Seattle, for Honckong.
HONGKONG — Arrived previous Mar 5 — Stnw
Peieus. from Vancouver, via Yokohama; ttmi
Tremont, from Tacoma, via Yokohama, foi
Manila: star Victoria, from Tacoma. via Yo
kohama, etc.
CHERBOURG — Sailed Mar 5 — Stmr St. Paul
from Southarnoton. for New York.
HAVRE^ — Arrived Mar 5 — Stmr La Brvtagns)
from New Tork.
PLYMOUTH — Arrived Mar 5— Stmr Fbila.
delphia, from New York, for Cherbourg an<
Southampton, landed 1053 bags of mail aiW
proceeded.
" LIVERPOOL— Sailed Mar 5— Stmr Umbrla.
for New York.
- Sailed Mar 5— Stmr Sardinian, from Gla*
tow, for Boston. \
Arrived Mar 5— Stmr Campania, trora New
York. - - .
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed ¦ Mar 5— Stmr ' St.
Paul, from New York, via Cherbourg. . .
KINSALE— Parsed Mar 5 — Stmr Cevic. from
New Tork. ¦ for Liverpool.
YOKOHAMA—Arrlved Mar 4— Stmr Indra
samha. froni . Portland, Or., for Hongkong.
Before Mar 5— Stmr Gaelic, from Saa Fran
cisco, via Honolulu, for Hongkong; stmr Kaga
Sliipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, March 5.
Btmr Oregon. Doran, * 60 hours • from Port
land, via Astoria 40 hours.' <
Stmr, Whitesboro, Olsen, 52 hours from Port
Los Anzeles.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office. U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco. Cal.,
March 5. 1904.
Tho Tlm« Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
1 c. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m. Greenwich time, J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant. U. - S. N., ln charge.
TROM SEATTLB.
Steamer. . -For. - . Sails.
Humboldt Skagrway & Way Ports. Mar. 10
Dolphin • Skagway & Way Ports. Mar. 10
DlriKO Skagway & Way Porta. Mar. 10
Portland Valdea A Way Porta.. Mar. 10
Dora Dutch Hrbr via. ValdezlMar. 15
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports. |Mar. IS
Santa Ana... Valdes & Way Porta..] Mar. 16
Ramona Skagway &r Way Ports. IMar. 18
J. Dollar Valdez & Sewanl | Mar. 20
for V...ara.so i<oREiGK poRTs
CALtTA BUENA— Arrived Feb 20— Br bark
Autdgirth, from Valparaiso, to load for San
Francisco. ¦ - .
HAMBURG— Sailed March 2— Ger bark
Wandsbek, for Seattle. « " .
MOJI— Arrived Feb 10— Br stmr. Ascot, from
Orecon. via Kobe. ~. * • ' J,~
PORT NATAL— Sailed Feb • 20 — Br -ship
Windsor Park, for East London. * .
PAYTA— Sailed Jan 1»— Salaverry. J*n 22—
Ger stmr Nicaria, for Hamburg. i ••
SANTOS— Sailed Jan 10— Ger ship Elfrieda.
for Ore~on.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Mar 5— Br stmr Cop
tic, for S»n Fr*nclsco. • ..- • •
FREMASTLP- Arrived Mar 3 — Br ship
Acamas. hence Dec !*.
NEWCASTLE. Ana.— Arrived. Mar 4— Bfl.
ship Machrihanish. from. Santa Rosalia. »
SYDNEY— Arrived prior to Mar 5 — Br ship
Wayfarer, hence Jan 20. — .
¦ VICTORIA— Sailed Mar 5 — Br stmr.Miowera,
for Sydney. . ¦
HONGKONG— Arrived Mar 5— Stmr Korea,
fcence Feb 2. ¦ -
SALINA CRUZ— Arrived Feb 29— Schr Com
peer, from Eureka.'
ANTWERP— Sailed ! Mar Sh-Fr bark Du
chesae de Berry, foe San Francisco. ,
.OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Mar '5^-Stmrs Prin
cess Victoria Luise. .Nassau and .New York.
', from Southampton. ¦ . •...-«¦
Sailed Mar 5— Stmr Etrurla. for Liverpool:
stmr St. Louis, for Southampton, via Ply
mouth and Cherbourg: etmr . Marquette. for
London; ftmr Kaiser Wllhelm der Grosse.for
Bremen, via Plymouth and' Cherbourg; stmr
Numidlan.for Glasgow; stmr Finland, for Ant-
Arrived Mar -5 — Stmr Pretoria, from Ham
burg. ' " '.. V ' .' '
ROTTERDAM — Sailed Mar, 5 — Stmr Noord
dam. for New Tork. >. • - - <•..-.
-" ANTWERP — Sailed Mar 8— -StmrKroonland,
for New York. *
COPENHAGEN— Sailed Mar 2— Stmr ' Norje,
for New' York. ¦ / ¦ > •
.GENOA— Arrived Mar 2— Stmr Cltta dl Na
polia. from New. York. ,
ST. MICHAELS — Arrived Mar 4—Stmr.Ro
manic from -Boston.- for Mediterranean ports.
I . GLASGOW — Arrived Mar. 5 — Stmr ; Sarma
! tian. from Boston. -
1 Sailed. Max 4— i-usr £a.'dinlan, from Bcstoa.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. | From. | Due.
Del Norte.... Crescent City [Mar. C
Epckace Humboldt iMar. H
Newburg San Pedro IMar. 6
Chas. Nelson Pan Pedro !Mar. 7|
San Pedro Grays Harbor Mar. 7
State of Cal.. San Diego & 'Way Pts.lMar. 7
Eureka Humboldt [Mar. 7
Empire ¦ Coos Bay & Ft. Orford.lMar. 8.
Ukm« San Pedro |Mar. 8
Elizibeth Coiiuillo River Mar. 8
Tellus Oyster Harbor IMar. 8
Alameda I Honolulu Mar. 8
Pomo (Point Arena & Albion .IMar. 8
Iaqua San Pedro Mar. 6
Czarina | Coos Bay Mar. 9
Pomona ; Humboldt Mar. 9|
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. IMar. 9
Centennial... Seattle Si Tacoma IMar. 9
Wyefleld Nanaimo Mar. 10
Missouri Hakodate Mar. 10
Chehalis San Pedro 5far. 10
S. Monica SaruPedro Mar. 10
Point Arena.. Menaocino & Pt. Arena Mar. 10
Santa F.osa.. Pan Diego & Way Pts. Mar. 10
Marlpota Tahiti Mar. 10
G. W. Elder. . Portland & Astoria Mar. 10
S. Dollar I Hakodate Mar. 10
G. Lindauer.J Portland & Astoria Mar. 10 '
Sequoia ! Wlllapa Harbor IMar. H
Centralla I Ran Pedro |Mar. 11
San Juan ' New York via Panama. Mar. 11
Arcata I Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Mar. 11
North Fork. --i Humboldt Mar. 11
Siberia China & Japan I Mar. 12
CityPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports Mar. 12
Alaskan New Tork Mar. 12
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Tts.JMar. 1.1
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. |Mar. 13
Nevadan Honolulu & Kahulul. . Mar. IS
Sonoma Sydney & Way Ports.. Mar. 14
Jeanle Seattle & Tacoma Mar. 14
Oregon Portland & Astoria IMar. 15
Colon New Tork via Panama. |Mar. 16
~~~ TO SAIL. "
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
~~T March 6.
Redondo. . . . Portland v. Eureka 6 pm Pier 2
Arctic Humboldt 8 am Pier 2
Newburg... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
S. Rosa San Diego 4: Way. 3 am Pier 11
Umatilla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Jeanie Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
War eh 7.
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orfd 4 pm Pier 13
Curacao Mexican Porta ... 10 am Pier 11
March 8.
Rainier Seattle tc Whatcotn 4 pm Pier 10
Chico Coquille River .... 6 pm Pier 2
Spokane.... Humboldt ll:30pPler 9
Oregon Astoria tc. Portland|ll am|Pl«sr 24
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way.l 9 amIPier 11
March 9. I {
Eureka Humboldt 9 am|PIer 13
March 10.
S. Monica..- Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
Elizabeth... Coquille River 5 pm Pier 20
Pomo Pt. Arena & Albion 8 pm Pier 2
State of Cat San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Chehalis Grays Harbor..... 3 pm Pier 2
March 11.
Centralla... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Pomona.... Humboldt 1 3Q_p Pier 9
Senator Puget Sound Ports. 1 11 ami Pier 24.
March 13. I
Pt. Arena.. Pt; Arena & Mdcno 4 pm Pier 2
/Bonita..... Newport & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Alameda... Honolulu 11 am Pier 7
Peru N. Y. via Panama 12 m Her 40
March 13.
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
March 14.
North Fork. Humboldt 6 pm Pier 20
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma 10 am Pier 20
Sequoia.... Willapa Harbor... 4 pm Pier 20
March 15. . .
Alliance,... Eureka & Coos B. 6 pm Pier 16
I March 16. I
City Puebla Puget Sound Porta. 11 am|Pier 9
Movements of Steamers.
SUNDAY. MARCH 6.
Pun rises vSij"
Sun set* ...6.0S
Moon rises 11:27 p. m.
ft \HT] Ft. P--) Ft.ra.rt- !--) Ft.
*6 2:271 5.51 8:52 0.9 3:27 4.4! 8:45 %2
7 3 : 15t 5.1 8:57 0.8 4:37 4.1 9:37 2.6
8 405 5.2 11:03 0.8 5:55 4.o!lO:42 3.0
9 i 7,-cM 5.1112:12 0.7 7:0» 4.0 11:52 3.1
10 16:12! 5.0 1:10 0.6 8:17 *-2"-"
1L TV'I H W L. W| H W
U i 1-06! 3.1 7:13 B.O 2:03 0.5 8:07 4.4
12 I 2:C5! 3.0| 8:13 5.0J 2:47| 0.3[ 0:50 4.C
NOTE— In the above, exposition of the tides
Sun, Moon and Tide
Un'.ted States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and jUow Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
VOTE — Th« hUh and low waters occur at
the city front <MIssion-stre«t "wharf) about 23
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of ttdo is the same at both places.
The Occidental and Oriental Steam
kip Company's liner r>nric did not get
Lway until late yesterday owing to the
ardy arrival of four carloads of freight-
; he had on board many passengers for
he Orient, including seventy-seven
lapjintso tr.d forty-eight Chinese. She
•alls at T-ianila this trip, and for the
Philippine port carried nearly fifty pas
sengers. She took 4500 tons of freight.
Shortly before 1 o'clock, the scheduled
ailing time-, a Chinese woman ran up
he sanarntenk and disappeared in the
tei&tlc steerage. An angry Chinese de
manded that she be sent ashore, but as
he woman was provided with a ticket
he Celestial protest eras net heeded.
Phe lady, said the Chinaman, was his
iropcrty, ar.J in addition v> taking her
elf had in the silk folds of her raiment
2000 abstracted from his treasury. The
iner sailed, however, carrj'ins away
>oth the lady and the lucre.
The Doric carried 4S<K) tons of cargo,
vhich included 1-00 tons of flour, liei
<assengers included the fcllowing
lamed:
Tor Yokchor=.a— E. J. Cor.an. B^rca F.
tJ. Fr.tz. Oartain V. J. He*arot. W.
i- ". Kitt. K. K. .;.••-.;. Ca;.taiii lienry Uindbers.
A". G. D. M^rran. M:s. J. D- faunders. Miss
.-sra. Saui.ders. l>r. T. Tas-Sii«c. .
Nctabakt— Mrs. M. Car.!'.e!d and infant. -.
;¦. Fer^'oscn, I!rs. T. T. IVrgubon ar.d tuo
'hi!2rtn, J. Xroft, R. IX. Hunt. M>s L. L.
Manila— K. E- Eayless. E. M. Bc^Iin^, \.
! Brandt B. C. Kutler. A. F. Cameron.
Tolcr-e; K. IL Crowd«r. B. J. Daniel. l». D.
rxwiSla*. ilrs. D. D. JJonflii: C. Edwards. B.
Mwardt. Rev. H- Fanner, lirs. 11. Fanner.
L,icuten*rt «». H. yortef-cue. George A. G;il
a"har. L. ,J. Gro\». Mrs. L.. J. Grove. J. P.
-iarricrtcn, S. C. Ilerr.street, n.arles >Iouri
kji. Oark Jarr.*s, Captain WlUlaa Jchnscn,
"aptain P. C March. J. J. McD>>nough. P. A.
Jer=iel C <". Mitchell. Mrs. C. C. Mitchell.
V. C N^ele. G. M. N«-H. J. C Phares. E. S.
'o«t:i. E. K. Ro^>crt«. H. A. Feavtr. Assistant
laval Or.r.structor S. r. Smith. F. L. l?ni>ih.
iarl St'fuc. K S. Ptrajsft^aKh, n. D. Strong;
IL. J. S»h». A. J. Via Waning, D. \V.
ivViker. H. K. WyckofT.
Hcr.gkcr.8— Mrs. P. O. Anderson. Gus
aaughmm. J. F. Boras, Charlet Freanan.
Mrs. H. 31. N'nma. II. X. Nieisoc.
Konncbec Still at Montevideo
« era v.ts rece^^a jmrrez; ik-us .<j.w.»ir
vi3*o that the repairs on ih» ship Kennebec.
wh ! ':h put iato thtt pert in di5trt.««. have net
y«t r**n started, all temiere for the work
having beer, rejooted. The Kennel.' N c. which is
cKr.mnndtu liy Captain Lan?. formerly of the
stearr.ship Valencia and well known h*re. Is
at Mcntfvid^> for the second time on her pres
ent vc>as*". Sh* leit Rio d» Jar.eiro. October 1.
tor ?2n FYaircisco. Heavy weather was en
couBttred ard October ?0 she put Into Monte
\idpo ui-Jh thr rir>t cffic»r Injured and the ship
la ne*>d of rxtensive repairs. The voyage was
reasoned December S. but Jaruary 13 she was
hat '<•: at Mcntf \-1dfo in more distressful straits
?h*n #ver. She is still there, and the work
¦ - ' -'ary to fit her for sea has yet to be done-
«
Tijcoma Will Test Her Guns,
Th* Ir.ited States cruiser Tacoir.a will leave
to- morrow for a forty-eight-hnur Eea cruise.
rtur:rg which her newly- mounted hattery will
I-e pivrn a thorough course of shoots. In
rrticr to hiv» the cr^w in as good condition as
r-oisit'e. pajday has betn postponed until
•h*- Taooina'e return and all liberty has tx^n
stopped. .This has caused great uproar
'.r.c..^ the Wuejac-kfts and Friday morning,
>vh«j all han'*.^ were rruftered for quarters.
;ht dir*i'ty of the occasion was disturbed by
~wO Bailoraesi saving, in chorus, "All work and
tio pa>."
The Tacotra ¦» HI lifit the city whose name
sbe carries n<--xt month, to give th» Taccmaites
¦ -?sre* to inspect th^ir naval representative.
rror-: ""acrnij! tho cruiser will start for tt^
r«.r EaM for tervjee with the Asiatic equat
ion.
•
saln*oti Flcrt Cutting Ready
I'r.'-. thips o:' th« fa'.rncn fleet are being pre
pared for - servic*. and within a week or so
men Ct them will be at sea, heading for the
ncrtbera :>h«ry ports. The Alaska Packers*
Asso<~iati'',r. fleet will include thirty-two sall
r'.rtSrig a tcr.nage of netriy SO-COO.
»
Overdue \V. G. Irwln Arrives.
The brisanr.Tje W. G. Irwir. for whose safety
ccr.sideratle anxiety was manifested, arrived
!<tUrfaT sixteen and a half days from Roche
Harbor. ' with Ses>4 barrels of lime. Captain
Har. f <-!i r<=r>or^E that for ten days the Irwin
v.£6 cfT Car*. Flatter>-. fighting southeasterly
and south we sterty gales.
Dutch liark Is Overdue
The Dutch bark Zwijger was placed on the
u.srdu* list yesterday at the high rate of S5
per cent. She is out 13& days from Havre for
Leguna. She Is a vessel of 306 tons register
u4 !s owned at Amsterdasi. The rate oa the
Thtodor wrs advanced to 60 ptr cent. The
V.\ F. Babcock remains at 15 p«r cer.t.
?
\capulco Departs.
Tl-.t Pacific • Mall Company's steamship
Acapeico sailed yesterday for Panama and
v ¦ I r-crt5. Sh-; carried a full cargo and raor;
th?n a score cf passengers.
•
V i:\VS OF THE OCEA>
Th« fcark€ntin« Encore. and the schooner
Orr.eia are chartered for lumber from Co^s
Bay to irydnej. /
?
Valuable Carro for the Orient.
Tfc£ steamer Itoric sailed^ yesterday for
Hongkong via Honolulu, Yokohama ana Ma
raii with a general merchandise cargo, valued
at $S75>.4"D. exclusive of treasure, to be dis
tributed as fellows: Tor Japan. $307,231:
ilarila, |36,115; China. $28,013; Korea. S443i:
East Indies. 533*8; Si&m, J227. The leading
eijcrts vere ac follows:
To Japan — CIO bbls flour. 508 gala wine. ltKC
be.l»-s eottcn. Ill cs assorted canned goods,
: ¦¦' cm canned salmon, 201 pkgs groceries and
provisions. 1222 lbs ham and bacon, 3164 lbs
oeffee. »:.'. cf table preparations, 2620 lbs meajs,
232 lb? butter. 5 cs whisky, &75 Ibe 1 cs ral
eini, 6031 lbe dried fruit. 4'JO, gals spirits, 30
iV^s candy. 31 bales hay. 23 ctls oats, 120
ctis barley. 4373 lbs sugar. 6300 lbs bran, 44 1
bcis -¦<••'. 34 pkg? paints and oils, 10 cs plan
ter. C. •;..'.' O lbs soda ash, 6 prs Iron wheels, 711
b*5 soap. 30 roll? duck. 5«0 pkgs electrical
supplies. 2fc6 pkgs building material, 31,714 Jt.s
sh^et lead. £5 pkgs agricultural implements,
Z -"¦ ga!« alcohol, .V> cs nails. KX> flacks quick
•ilver. 369 rol'.s 12 pVgs leather. 4* pkgs ma
chinery, HT7 lbs salt bides, 121 bbls tanning
extract. 20 bbls sulphide of eodium. tS> cs
boot* and fboes. XI pkgs drugs and nunUriea,
C15 i kgs bicycles and part*.
To Manila— 5 bbls flour, 200 cs whif kj\ WT'
ct assorted canned goods. £O0 cs canned and
2 pk^s pickled salmon. 10.112 lbs glucose. 1056
«-rt» DOiaio*-*. 7.V« rals wine. 22.759 lb<> b»ans,
61O» Urn Urd. 300 bbls bottled beer. 5»44l lbs
ham. 12,450 lbs meals. 19 cs mnlasses. l>'£ ts
boots and shc«s, 10 pkgs dry goods, 12 pkgs
Exports by the Panama Steamer.
The stearr.er AeaDulco, which sailed yester
day for Panama acd way ports, carried cargo
for Mexico valued at $3997; Central America,
f49,2«J9; Panama, J510S; Colombia. J220; New
York, 133.002. The following were, the prin
cipal shipments:
To Mexico— 102 gals 20 cs wine. 50 cs min
eral water. 19 pkgs potatoes, . 10 bxs fresh
fruits. 13 cs canned goods, 300 lbs spices, 15,
000 lbs bluestone. 1260 lbs starch, 6 pkgs ma
chinery. 6 carboys acid, 2 bales goatskins, 4
bdls cars.
To Central America— 4931 bbls flour, 4141
gals wine. 100.000 lbs salt. 10 crts onions, 317
crts potatoes, 13 pkgs paste. 65 cs salmon, 104
cs assorted canned goods. 1161 lbs driM fruit.
1S73 lbs raisins, 16.250 lbs rice. 2737 lbs
spices. 242 lbs bread, 1840 lbs codfish. 94 pkgs
groceries and provisions. 5 cs beer, 12 cs min
eral wpter, 117 ca 12S gals whisky. 3025 lbs
malt, 7S10 lbs hops and malt. 321 gals vine
gar. 18 pkgs tabale preparations. 19 pkgs fresh
fruit. 67.800 ft lumber. 24,000 lbs cement. :.'»
bxs candles. 5 tanks acid. 188 cs coal oil, 100
pkrs paints and oils. 3 cs arms and ammuni
tion. 78 bdls iron. 23 pkgs machinery; 28 Ldls
shook*, 22 bales bass, 51 pkgs dry goods. 52
Fk^s paper, 2C9 k*gs white lead, 20,295 lbs
tallow, 26 pkgs nails. 35 flasks quicksilver,
1? bdls leather.
To Panama.— 200 bb!s flour. 1249 lbs dried
shrimps. 6000 nl« mine. 710 lbs 3 cs bread,
4&C3 lb« sugar. 108 c* canned goods. 60 crts
potatoes. 39 pkrs fresh fruits, S00 bxs soap.
5.V57S ft lumber.
To Colombia— 302 gals wine. 10 cs whisky,
2 ert« ootatce* arM onions.
To New York — 57.587 gals wine. 7556 gals
oils. 27.S12 U>s *u, 165.300 lbs dried hides,
600.226 Ihs pig lead. 19,250 lbs dried prunes.
40 bales Junk.
The steamer also carried the following ship
ments: For Peru. 1 gasoline la.unch. valued
at S500- Trinidad Island. 100 cs canned sal
racn, valued at $400; SDala. 2!> pkgs agricul
tural Implements, valued at S2918: Holland.
6<> 500 lbs dried prunes, valued at $1S55; Bel
gium. 24.512 lbs same, valued at *<¥*; Ger
many. 22.488 lbs same, valued at $421.
the early mornins tid^s are given ln the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day ln tin order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of tb*
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given ar« in
addition to the soundings of the United Slates
Ccast Survey charts, except when a ifilnus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from th* depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the meaa
of the lower low waters. v
Stmr Despatch, Levlnson, 7S hours from Co
1U Stmr Argyll. Gilboy, 3 days 20 hours from
Brig* W. G. Irwln, Hansen, 16>> days from
gctar Charles n. Wilson. Johnson, 10 day*
from Grays Hajbor.
CLEARED.
Saturday, March 5.
Br si mr Doric, Smith, Honolulu, Yokohama,
Manila and Honskons. O. & O S. S. Co.
Br stmr Wellington. JIcKellar. Ladysmlth,
R. Dvnsmuirs Sorts Co.
Stmr Pomona, Swansen. Eureka, P. C S.
"stmr Vmatllla, Fattenon. Victoria, etc.. P.
C. S. S. Co. . . . , ... '
Stmr Acapulce,^ Russell. Panama, and way
P °Wh stmr William Baylies, Cottle. whalins
voyage. William Lewis & Bon.
Wh stmr Thrasher, Macomber, whaling voy
as» H. J. Knowles. ¦ ' ¦
Nor stmr Titanla. Esrene*. Nanalmo. Wesl
er Nof U stmr°'Hero, Sylvertsen. Ladysmith. R.
Dunsmuirs Sons Co.
Bark Annie Johnson. Nelson. Honolulu. J.
D. Ssreckels Bros. Co.
Schr Aloha. Fry, Honolulu, Williams, Dl
mond & Co. sailed
Saturday, March 5.
Br stmr Doric. Smith. Hongkong:, via Hon
° "Br Rtmr Wellington. McKellar. Ladysmlth.
Stmr Homer. Donaldson, Coos Bay.
Stror Pomona. Swanson. Eureka.
Stmr Point Arena. Miller. Mendoclno.
Stmr Acapulco, Russell, Panama.
Stmr Alcazar. Johnson. Greenwood.
Stmr Scotia. Johnson, Bowens Landing.
Wh etmr William Baylies. Cottle. whaling.
Schr C. A. Klose. Gruggel. Columbia nivcr.
Schr North Bend. Jackson. Coos Bay.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, March 5, 10 p. m.— Weather
fogey- wind SE.. velocity 6 miles per hour.
SPOKEN.
Jan IS — In lat 49 S. long 63 W. Br ship
Cleomene. from Rotterdam for San Pedro.
Per stmr Despatch— Mar 3. at 1 p. m., off
Coqullle River, schr showing signals "K P C
N."
DOMESTIC PORTS.
REDONDO— Arrived Mar 6— Stmr Iaqua,
hence 51a r 3.
PORT HARFORD — Sailed Mar f>. 4 a m—
«tmr Coos Bay. for San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND — Arrived Mar 5^-Gfr
bark Artemis, from Santa Rosalia; bktn Chas.
F Crocker, from San Pedro.
Arrived Mar, 5 — Schr Robert Letvers, hence
Veb 27
TACOMA— Sailed Mar 5 — Schr Irene, for San
Pedro- stmr Mlneola, for San Francisco.
BANDON — Arrived Mar 4 — Stmr Elizabeth,
hence Mar 2; achr Western Home, hence Feb
27 V
PORT ANGELES — Arrived Mar B — Schr
Robert Lewers, hence Keb 27. for Port Gamble.
SEATTLE— Sailed Mar 5— Stmr Alki, for
ASTORIA— Arrived' Mar 5— Stmr George W.
Elder, hence Mar 3.
CRESCENT CITT — Sailed Mar 4. 5:30 p m—
Stmr Coquille River, for San Francisco.
L'MPQL'A Sailed Mar 3 — Schr Lily, for San
Krarci^o. Mar 4 — Schr Lucy, for San Pedro;
stmr San Gabriel, for San Pedro.
PORT HARFORD— Sailed Mar 6— Stmr Bo
nlta, tnr San Pedro.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed -Mar 5— Stmr Bruns
wick, for San Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES — Arrived • Mar 4 —
Stmr Edith, from Seattle. t.
Sailed Mar 5 — Stmr Leelanaw, for San Fraji-
TATOOSH— Passed out Mar 5— Stmr Mln
eola. for Sen Francisco.
SAN DIEGO — Sailed Mar 5— Stmr Chehalis,
for Sen Francisco.
SAN PEDRO — Sailed Mar 4 — Stmrs New
burg, Alcatraz and Lakme. for San Francisco.
Arrived. Mar 5 — Schr W. F. Jewett and bktn
Robert Sudden, from Tacoma; schr Dora
Bluhm. from Eureka.
Sailed Mar 3 — Stmrs Manthfleld, Samoa and
Charles Nelson, for San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived 5— Strnr . Eureka.
h»nce Mar 4. • ¦ ._ •
Sailed Mar 5 — Stmrs Pasadena and Spo
kane, for San Francisco; schr John A, for San
Krancisco. ,
COOS BAY — Sailed Mar 5 — Stmr Ciarina. for
San Francisco: stmr Alliance, for Portland.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Sailed Mar J— Ship John Ena,
for New York; schr Mildred, for Port Town
eend.
Sailed Mar 5— Stmr China, for Yokohama;
atmr Siberia, for San Francisco.
¦MANILA — Sailed . Feb 7 — Br stmr Mogul,
for
" EASTERN PORTS. N
NEW YORK— Sailed Mar 4— Br stmr Ve
rona, for Manila..
DELAWARE BREAKWATER— Arrived Mar
4— Ship Dlrlgc, from Honolulu, and ordered to
Philadelphia. • .
NORFOLK— Sailed Mar 4 — Chll itmr Malpu,
U. S. CRUISER TACOMA.
WHICH WILL GO OUTSIDE
• TO TEST HER GUNS. ¦.
Governor Appoints a San Franciscan.
SACRAMENTO, March 5.— George W.
Kingsbury of San Francisco was to
day appointed by Governor Pardee v a
member of the State Board of Agricul
ture, vice Grove L. Johnson of Sacra
mento, term expired.
Commissions Officers for Seventh.
SACRAMENTO, March 5.— Governor
Pardee to-day commissioned the fol
lowing officers of the Seventh Regiment
of Infantry, the headquarters of which
are at Los Angeles: Colonel, Solomon
Henderson Finley of Santa Ana; ma
jor, Walter A. Greenleaf of Santa Ana;
major, Truman Cole of Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, March 5. — Carl
Anderson of Audubon, Iowa, who trav
eled under several aliases and who
was arrested in this city February
23, charged with selling in Omaha,
Kansas City. Sioux City and Chicago
certain Los Angeles real estate, the
deeds to which had been forged, is
still in jail in this city. It is said he
has confessed to the police and will
plead guilty when he appears in court.
Mrs. E. W. Allen, a. resident of Pas
adeni, who two da"Vs before her ar
rest was married to E. W. Allen, is
also locked up, charged with having
assisted Anderson in the alleged for
geries.
Anderson induced Mrs. Allen, as is
charged, to represent herself as Mrs.
Mary A. Griswold, mother of the Iowa
banker who was killed in the hold
up of a Santa Monica electric car in
September, 1903, and to sign Mrs.
Griswold's name to deeds for certain
property in Pasadena, This property
was afterward sold to various persons
in the East.
Anderson is 60 years of age and is
said to have been at one time a mem
ber of the Legislature in Iowa.
Prisoner Is Said to Have
- at One Time Been a Mem
ber of Iowa Legislature
RUMOR OF CONFESSION
Los. Angeles Authorities Saj r
Passadena Resident Assist
ed C. Anderson in Forgeries
drags and sundries, 10 pkgs pafnts, 200 pes 12
bcils pipe. 7 bales brooms. 300 kegs white lead.
2150 Ib3 shot. 74 pkjrs tank material, 100 pkgs
raper, 1*2 pkrs electrical supplies, 8 bales
hc»e. 4 c* ammunition. 42 en typewriters and
parts. IS bdls paper bass, 1054 railroad ties. 44
bdlc~iron.
To China— 3771 bb!s flour, 195 pals VI =s
wine. 59 cs 1 cask liquors, 1S27 lbs cheese.
10.7C0 lbs pearl barley. 452 pkgs groceries an.i
provisions. 600i> lbs shrimps, 97.224 lbs shrimp
shells. 24 pkgs fresh rrult. 62 cs car»ned g;oods.
If} c* syrup. 4 cs toba.cco, 1 cs firearms. C
Fkgs dry goods. 3 cs boots and shoes. 13 pkgs
machinery. 1 *>al« duck.
To Korea — loZ pkgs tools and hardware, 65
bdls shovels, 41 pkss pipe and fittings: 6 bdls
brooms, 17 pkgs machinery. I bale oakum, 1
cs electrical supplies.
To East Indies — 374 cs canned salmon, 213
cs astoned canned roods, 42S gals wine, 25
cs millstuffs, 12 pkes leather, 1 cs drugs, J
rks dried fruit.
To Si&m— 12 pkgs agricultural implements, 1
bicycle.
ACCUSE WOMAN
AS ACCOMPLICE
LATE ARRIVAL OF FREIGHT DELAYS
SAILING OF PACIFIC LINER DORIC
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. MARCH 6, 1904.
39
SEE THE PHOTOGRAPHS.
SEL\TTLE'S PRIZE BABY.
She Is a .Perfect Beauty.
Do You Know Her?
FULIi PAGE.
. NEXT SUNDAY CALIi.
ADVERTISEMENTS. -
obe«kSusi, DISEASES OF MEN
NERVOUS DEBILITY i _ j VARICOCELE
cored in 30 to CO days. Cmp<i _*-1thout pain' in from.
BLOOD POISON / $f||k\ CONTRACTED DISEASES
„ Cure* ln CO to »o .Jays. Every Sf A jSJii! ft cured in S to 10 d»vi with
| STRICTURE SjmW TROUBLES
B ' Cured In 15 day*, withsut S * 1 *" Permanently cured, no matter
• J cuttlas p«tn. drucs or detea- how lone Handing the dlsesst.
n lion troia business. ' ln from 5 t0 daya.
u I make no charre for a friendly talk or corre«pon<lence. I have been exclusively
E treating private FpeciaJ di«easea of i.-.ea for 16 years. Ncthlns; science can devise or
" money buy Is lacking; in my office equipment. I I will u*e you honestly, treat you
Jl skillfully »nd restore you to health la the ehortest time, with the least medicine.
H discomfort and expanse practicable. I guarantee to cure any case I undertake. On c
I \ personal visit is alway* preferred, bnt If you cannot call at my office 1 write me your
{ ] symptoms fully. Many case* can be cured at home. FREE BOOK describing my
j? specialty at office or by mail.
j! C. K. HOLSA1AN, M, D. H«rs.»U«dafl7;8wii»rs9U12
TELL YOUR NEWSDEALER TO SAVE YOU
Its free With Next Sunday's Caff
.¦;v.' '¦ ¦...-. ....-". * .-.-.-.¦¦ *• ?'fjJjiKSiy^i"*^* •* ' j*" pa^*^3 IT JiTr^y^y^*^7^^^ht^"T J T^^P»^^^^*^^"l^*^^^^™^^3^^^^^P**™^^^^^Et^^?i?-'%1.^Wi"^^B -- cT-fc"^<JcK -J^
"PURITAN GIRL."
.
, A beautiful reproduction in exact fac simile of the original by E.
Percy 3Ioran. a picture of a sweet-faced Puritan maiden gathering holly ln
a snowy New England wood.
The quaintness of her garb, the pure and innocent expression, com-
bined with the delicate coloring hi the figure and winter scenery, make
this a most appropriate Lenten offering.
Tills Puritan Girl is beyond question one of the richest of the many
art pictures that hare been issued with The Sunday Call and will be
eagcrlj; sought after. The only certain way' to obtain one Is to order
. to-day.
-""" ' | '¦ '. T
NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
The Call is sold at all the principal hotels and news depots and by
all stationers and all train news agents.
r Register a strong complaint if you cannot secure a Call.
I I WARLIKtJPIR!TJMJ3US^^^^^^
jg Heard on a ColumbianM!
S J^SC*!s Russian and Japanese Records, full of military Vn
\f&jim8QfM dash and beauty, made by the favorite Imperial AI
y$lsB}&is» Bands. Every one should hear them. Prices -Qf
a/} d $1- Catalogue and "Easy Payment" /Kci
mm r,™ CfliSla Phonograph Co.,||i
ft rai^ "* 0P en Saturday Evenings. W- Q>The beautiful French Crystalline Por
traits. The latest Parisian novelty by
Taber, : 121 "Post street. •¦ v -'"¦ •
Dr. Carl W. von Tiedemann was ar
rested yesterday, on a; warrant? from
Police "Judge "Fritz's court on a charge
of practicing medicine without a cer
tificate. He was Immediately released
on ball. The compUInlngj witness is
Dr. Dudley Tait.secretary.of the State
Board of Medical Examiners
locks Necessary - Certificate.
United States District Judge de Ha
ven yesterday issued a bench warrant
for the arrest of Selma Holiday for
contempt of court. The accused was
summoned as a witness before Bank
ruptcy Referee A. P. Holland in Oak
land on January 2 of this year to tes
tify in the matter of the insolvency of
A. Jacobs. She failed to appear and
is ordered; to be in the United States
District Court on March 14 and show
cause why. she shtfuld not be punished
for contempt,
Women Cited for ; Contempt.
Tries to Commit Suicide.
* George Duncan, an ex-ooldler, who
lives in Santa Rosa, was arrested on
East street yesterday^ by Policeman
Morris for being drunk and carrying a
concealed weapon. ' Shortly after be
ing placed In a cell at the sta
tion Duncan tried, to strangle* himself
with" oneof his shoelaces. He was re
moved to. the City Prison and while in
his cell again*' attempted "to strangle
The California Liquor Dealers' As
sociation will hold its third annual
banquet at the Palace Plotel on Thurs
day evening, April 21. Among tjie in
vited guests are Governor Pardee,
Mayor Schniitz, A. Ruef, the Board of
Supervisors and the press. .
Liquor Dealers AVill Dine.
Letters were eeut yesterday to Con
gressmen Needham, Livernash and
Gillette by Chairman Braunhart of the
Supervisors' Public Utilities Commit
tee requesting that the bill granting
reservoir sites In a forest reservation
to San Francisco be «*iven their most
careful consideration.
Braunhart states that when it be
comes apparent to the people of Tur
lock and Modesto irrigation districts
that the proposed storage of water by
San Francisco will result in direct
benefit to them the people of the val
ley, instead of opposing San Fran
cisco's application for. water rights,
will favor the same. The letter con
tinues:
"It must be evident that the districts
can benefit by water storage in forest
reservations only in the event of fa
vorable action by the Secretary: of the
Interior or by, Congress in matters of
such applications as our own. Relat
ing: to :these two reservoir sites—
Hetch-Hetchy an'4 Lake Elinor— San
Francisco will ilways tlaim the first
right to" use them. The amount of
waste flood water to be stored In San
Francisco will be of such great,quan
tity that for a quarter of a century or
more large amounts of surplus can
annually be liberated to flow down the
natural stream and should prove of
great value to the; irrigation districts.
When the districts come to appreciate
this fact their j Representative \ should
be in favor of the carrying out of the
storage works by San Francisco * and
not be opposed thereto."
Supervisor Braunhart Requests Con
gressmen Gillette and Xeedham
Not to Oppose Application.
URGES GRANTING OF WATER
RIGHTS TO SAN FRANCISCO
The receipts from passenger traffic
are greater on Japan's railways than
those frcm freight
Nt-»s Letter interfstinc.
This week's issue of the San ¦ Francisco News
Letter deals with the injustice of postal. laus,
with the duties of school boards and with the
citizen who expectorates in Its usual energetic
way.
Nat Goodwin conies in for a scorins in an
article entitled "Tbe Critic and the Actor."
The incompetency of the San KrancUco Uar
Is subject to caustic criticism. Every Hebrew
citizen will enjoy "A Meshuggene Story."
The individuals who occupy the forward
decks of ferry-boats as proper places for ico
as-you-please walking matches will find th«
The News Letter.
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
•i
The Bauer enthusiasm reached a |
Bort of Creatore climax yesterday af- ]
ternoon at the third and last of the 5
famous pianist's recitals. Lyric Hall j
was crowded to its capacity and the
appreciation was furorie. ! Beethoven's :
A fiat major sonata began the pro- !
gramme, a city of exquisite pictures.
Vastly interesting this sonata, in its
foreshadowing of Chopin, in the lus- ,
clous links of chord successions, the j
tuberose richness of the Arioso mel- |
ody. It was al# deliciously given, not )
forgetting the titillant humor of the j
fugue. The programme held yet an- j
other, seldom heard jewel from the ¦
Beethoven. casket, the opus 129 rondo, j
of which Mr. Weil says in his lumin- !
ous little note, "to be really able to j
play it is to be able to play all Beeth- '
oven." Mr. Bauer plays it. '
The two Chopin numbers included j
the "big" .polonaise .in A flat major; j
In the sensational octave passage Mr. '
Bauer achieved a crescendo, after a !
flying pianissimo, that was simply !
overwhelming. Picture - making of I
the finest, a. glittering pageantry of J
sound, the interpretation left no ideal
of the work unsatisfied. One was a
little disappointed at the substitution
of the Schumann toccata for the Bach
D minor, but that was not Mr. Bauer's
fault. A printer of eminently proper
ideals- programmed the pianist for j
Bach. Mr. Bauer's close affinity for i
Schumann was again to be richly rec- !
ognixed in the.toccato, however; also,
verily. In the Novellett and ''In der,
Nacht." The elegant caprice of th©
8aint-Saens Etude en forme de Valse
was just as subtly felt, and the' thir
teenth Hungarian rhapsody of Lizst,
played with a display of virtuosity,
atone that wonderfully never thinned,
found the bottom in its most 7 fiendish
passages, closed the programme. And
Mr. Bauer, madly encored, left us with
a little bit of Bach, D major prelude
and fugue.
It has been arranged for the good
of our souls that the pianist will give
yet two more recitals, the second a
request programme, on his return
from Los Angeles, on Tuesday and
Wednesday 'of next week. . '
GREAT CROWD ;
HEARS BAUER'S
FINAL RECITAL
The court thanked the Jury for the
fidelity which the members had dis
played and the expedition with which
they had completed the business of
the term.
A true bill was brought against Marsillio
Vanni. better known aa V. PUa. for having in
his possession a steel die used for manufac
turing- counterfeit dollar*. His ball was fixed
at $50C0. Erick Blade was indicted on seven
counts clwjrtng: him with counterfeiting and
uttering quarter dollars and nickel pieces at
Truekee on February 8 of this year.
Thomas F. Reynolds, a postofflce clerk at
Redding, wan Indicted for embezzling Wells-
Fargo & Co. money orders. United States
postal money orders *nd bank drafts which he
took out of letters addressed to Louis Tausalg
&. Co., Newman * Levinson. Lane & Connelly
and other San Francisco merchants. All these
embexzlernents were alleged to have been com
mitted on February 18 and amounted to several
hundred dollars. ' . ¦ ¦
We furtherntcra wish to call your Honor's
attention to the follow in? resolution, unani
mously passed by th» Jury.
•"Whereas. Edward J. Banning. First As
sistant United States Attorney, has been called
to his last rest: and.
'¦>vh»ri"a.«. Mr. Banning has in his official
position, as legal adviser to ihls Grand Jury,
rendered valuable services and shown true
ability, zeal and devotion to duty, and has at
all times been courteous and obliging; there
fore, >e It '
"Resolved, That we eipress our apprecia
tion of the ability and sterling worth of Mr.
Banning; that in hl« death the United States
has lost an able, trustworthy officer and San
Francisco on upright, loyal citizen; and be It
further
"Resolved. That these resolutions be spread
upon the minute* of this Grand Jury."
Indictments were reported as fol
lows: 4<'.C-.'
0
W. F. Dasha. Thomas J.- Dempsey. Thomas
T. Burnett and Lee Lim, for . corruptly con
spiring to land Chinese Illegally. It is charged
that on July. 1 of last year. Lee Lim paid to
the accused an unknown sum of money, for tho
purpose of Inducing them to substitute an un
known number of Chinese persons, whose
names ar« unknown to the Jury, for other un
known Chinese persons who had been ordered
deported. ¦ i
Shortly after the indictments had been re
ported Lee Llm was surrendered Into custody
and was released on $3000 bonds.
• Before closing this report the Jury wishes to
express Its sense of appreciation of the cour
tesies received at the hands of United State*
District Attorney Marshall B. Woodwcrth and
his assistants — Messrs. V. E. McKlnlay and
B. I* McKlnley— whose ability and skill in
handling the various cases brought before the
jury have done much to expedite and lighten
the work of Investigation.
We alro'wish to compliment Special Agent
Ceerxe W. Hazen upon the ability h« has
shown in collecting evidence and the capture
of criminals.
Well deserved by the living and the
dead were the resolutions unanimous
ly adopted by the United States Grand
Jury yesterday when that body sub
mitted its final report to United States
District Judge de Haven. After report
ing upon the indictments found and
charges ignored during the term the
report went on to say:
At an evangelical service at Glasgow
recently the preacher, at the end of his
address, cried: "Now, all you good peo
ple who mean to go to heaven with me,
stand up!" With a- surge of enthusi
asm the audience rprang to its feet
all but an old Scotchman in the front
row. who sat still. The horrified evan
gelist wrung his hands, and, adressing
him, said, "My good man, my good
man, don't you want to go to heaven?"
Clear and deliberate came the answer,
"Aye, Awm gangln*. but no wi' a pair
•onally conducted palrty!"— Exchange.
Didn't Like the Company.
Again large quantities of stationery
and other supplies have been furnished
to the company by the Supervisors free
of cost, several hundred dollars' worth
of paper, pencils and other articles
having been used up in this way.
The Mayor thinks it is now time to call
a halt on the expenditures.
The result will be that the work of
the Hassell Audit Company, which ha3
been experting the books of the probate
department of the County Clerk's office,
in which, a large shortage was found,
will cease, as there will be no funds
available for the purpose.
Already several thousands of dollars
have been paid to the experting com
pany, and without any appreciable re
sult In the opinion of the Mayor.
The Mayor takes exception to the
fact that J. J. Hassell first secured the
contract to expert the city's books, and
as the work grew the company v/aa
formed and the work farmed or par
celed out to several clerks.
Mayor Schmitz notified the Board of
Supervisors yesterday that he had de
cided to withhold his approval of the
resolution appropriating the sum of
$1000 out of the urgent necessity fund
for the purpose of continuing the ex
pertlng of the books and accounts of
municipal departments.
The withholding of the Mayor's ap
proval means that the money cannot
be spent, as the charter provides that
authorizations for expenditures out of
the fund named can only be' made by
the votes of fourteen Supervisors and
the approval of the Mayor.
Mayor Withholds Approval
of Authorization Out of
Urgent Necessity Fund
U. S. Attorney TVoodworth
anjl Assistants Lauded for
Their Skill and Ability
Secretary M. J. White o{ the Cali
fornia Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Children commenced a suit
yesterday to bring into court under a
constitutional provision William and
Mary Liddle, parents of Genevteve,
Walter and Eugene Liddle and grand
parents of John Doe Pierce. Ha
claims they are so negligent of the
children's welfare that unless the State
interferes the little ones will suffer
immeasurable harm.
White Would Save Children.
NO MORE COIN
FOR EXPERTS
FEDERAL JURY
AWARDS PRAISE
himself with a handkerchief, which
had been carelessly left In his coat
pocket when searched. The handcuffs
were placed over his wrists, and, as
he seemed to be on the verge of de
lirium tremens he was sent to the Cen
tral Emergency Hospital.
Irwin lost his position after a bitter
fight. : He is the Mayor's choice and
the society Is the choice of the Su
pervisors. When the light for the
place commenced the Mayor had the
power to appoint, but the board took
it out of his hantjs by passing an or
dinance vesting the appointive power
in itself. . "
H. O. Irwin, the recently deposed
poundkeeper, does not intend to give
up his position without a struggle.
Yesterday he. filed a suit for ; an in
junction restraining the Board of Su
pervisors from approving the demands
of the Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Animals, which now has
charge of the pound, for the month of
February.
He also asks that the court restrain
the Auditor from'auditing the demand
and that the Treasurer be restrained
from cashing them. He bases his suit
on the ground that the charter pro
vides that all demands for more than
$200 shall be approved by the Mayor.
He claims that for the pumose of
evading this provision the society has
segregated its demands and will pre
sent several small ones for approval
instead of one large one.
Irwin Sues _f or Anjunct jon"; llestrainhur
Supervisors worn Approving SucV
; ' ce«»sw*s' Demandti»^J •*«•
FIGHT TOR'POU.VDKEEPER'S
TLACE IS NOW IX COURTS
Louis Rodar, the proprietor, said that
he had purchased the house three years
ago for $150 and that it contained twen
ty-five rooms. ' Dr. William Merritt is
the owner of the building and lot. The
structure is jl three-story frame build
ing and was built in 1850. During the
early days it was regarded as one of
the fashionable lodging-houses of the
city.
Scores of pillows and coverlets that
once graced the show wjndow of some
house furnisher, but now reeking with
filth, all found their way into the wait
ing wagons. Some wit in the crowd
suggested to Dr. Hassler that he sta
tion a man at the door to keep the
stuff from walking upstairs again.
Dr. Hassler stated that the build-
Ing was unsafe, unsanitary and a
breeding, place for disease. The build
ing and contents had been condemned
by the Board of Health and during
the course of the coming week the
structure would be torn down. The
patrons of the place, were of the lower
class, with no regard for cleanliness.
The rooms rented for. 10 cents a night.
The news spread with great rapidity
and that portion of Howard street was
thrown into excitement, A crowd soon
collected and the sidewalk philosophers
dwelt upon the injustice of the munici
pal government.
The first thing to come sailing
through the air from one of the third
story windows was a bedstead that in
the dim past was "a thing of beauty
and a joy forever." Then followed a
perfect rain of household effects from
lace curtains to a kitchen table. Two
wagons .were in waiting made several
trips with the remains of a once happy
home to the dumping at the
foot of Sixth street.
Pursuant to condemnation proceed
ings of the. Board of Health, a dozen
laborers under the command of Fore
man John Butler and directed by Dr.
William ' C. Hassler sv.ooped down on
the Chicago. He-use, 612 Howard street,
at 8 o'clock yesterday morning. After
arousing the few sleeping inmates they
proceeded to throw the goods and chat
tels of Landlord Louis Rodar through
the windows to the sidewalk.
H rtsults from the state of the law that
the beard may increase the salaries of teach
•rs in the preparation of its schedule between
the tirpt Riid twenty-first days of May and
that it may by and with the consent of the
teacher withhold and pay Into the annuity and
retirement fund as a contribution thereto such
amount a* the teacher may consent to con
tribute. After an anxious examination of the
law with a view to the relief of the fund, I
am unable to reach any. other conclusion con
sistent with the law and the rights of the
teachers thereunder. ¦. ,- .
Finally you inquire, "Would a State law, he
operative In the city in nuch cases, if not al
loweble under the charter?"
What has been said in reply to your first
Inquiry anticipates the answer to this. The
charter provisions are effective in relation to
your department on."y so far as they are not in
conflict with State law. It follows from this
that the State law is supreme. Since there
is in existence a valid State law establishes
the annuity and retiment fund, and providing
for the payment of $12 In each school year out
cf the salary of each teacher subject to its
burdens into that fund, there would appear to
be no leijal reason why the Legislature might
not rai*e that amount to $24 In such school
year. I. "therefore, answer this question in
the affirmative.
MAY RAISE SALARIES.
The power granted by the charter "to with
hold for gcod and sufficient cause the whole or
any part of the wagts, salary or compensation
of any person or persons" employed by the
board Is not without ita limitations, and. in
my opinion. Is conferred for the -sole purpose
of aiding in the "Imposition "of penalties end
fines for insubordination. tardlne3E, etc., com
mitted by the teacher. It has no reference to
the retention of any part of the salary of a
teacher who has done his or her. full duty
promptly and faithfully and In subordination to
the rules and regulations of the department.
Certainly it was not Intended to plac« in the
hands of the Board of Education the disposi
tion, without the teacher's consent, of any
part of her salary for other than -"pood and
sufficient cause." and the appropriation of the
salary or part thereof to a charitable purpose,
however worthy, is not within the intent of
the section. When, however, , any portion of
the salary is withheld "for good and sufficient
caufe," i. e.. caure • relating to the discipline
of the department, one-half of the amount
withheld must be paid Into, the annuity and
retirement fund. In accordance with the pro
visions or section 10 of the amendatory act of
19C3. .
Under this ffrant of power, which Is in no
manner . inconsistent with tbe general State
law. the Board of Education is the sole judg*
of the amount which shell be paid for the
performance of the services of a teacher,
which amount may be increased or decreased
as the board may determine. The manner in
which this power is to be exercised is de
fined by subsequent provisions of the same
chapter, which make it necessary that the
board chall, in April of each year, furnish the
Auditor with an estimate of the amount which
should be set apart from the common school
fund to the payment of teachers' salaries (sub
division 9 of section 1) and the board is re
quired "between the first and twenty-first days
of May of each year," to "adopt a schedule
of salaries for the next ensuing fiscal year
for teacher* and all employes of the school
department." (Action 4.) '
In May of each year, therefore, the boaid
may increase the salaries of teachers in such
amount a» it may elect, but I know of' no
authority for the imposition of any conditions
upon which such increase may be made to
depend. Certainly no such increase can be
ordered upon the condition that the recipient
should pay a part or the whole of the- In
crease into a special fund, whether that fund
be established by law for the very worthy
object of providing: for the support of retired
teachers or for a leas worthy object. As, we
have wrn the limit of the amount which may
bo retained from the salary of a teacher,
without her conwnt, is 112 In each school year
(section 10 of act of 1U03. statutes 190't. page
278). and this limitation Is as applicable to
a salary which has b«en Increased by | the
Board of Education as -it is .to the original
salary. - ¦
POWER IX CHARTER.
BOARD SOLE JUDGE.
The .Board of. Education can' lexally devote
any portion of a teacher"* salary to the an
nuity lynd with the. teacher's consent, but no
greater amount than $12 per year can be
withheld ¦ without the teacher's consent.
You inquire "Can the board make such order
by raising the ?alarie« of teachers?" ¦ By
"such order" I assume you' mean an order
withhoMinK a portion of a teacher's salary; for
the benefit of the fund In '.excess of ti" in
each school year, "nuch ordtr" to . accompany
a raise of the teacher's salary. ;
Subdivision 2 of Section I of chapter ' 111
of article VII of the charter empowers '.the
Bf>ard of Education '"to employ uuch teach
ers and persons as may be necessary to carry
Into '.effect ' its powers and duties; to ¦ fix,
alter and. 'approve their salaries and compensa
tion and. to withhold for good and sufficient
cause, the whole or any part of the wage*,
salary c'r compensation of any perron or per
sons employed as aforesaid." ¦ ¦•;.' .
City Attorney Long yesterday ren
dered an opinic-n that it is not in the
power of the Board of Education, to
exact the payment from schoolteachers
of more t than $12 per year to be con
tributed to the public schoolteachers'
annuity fund. Long says such a cbn
tributien is in accord with an. act of
the Legislature, which, however, by
another act could raise the amount to
$24 in each school year if it so desired.
The opinion says : - ; - - ;\;
Furniture Thrown Froin the
Windows by Force of La-
and Carted Away
City Attorney Says Board
of Education Must Com
ply With the State Law
LONG BENDERS OPINION
BUILDING IS CONDEMNED
Legislature Miist Pass New
: Act to Increase Payments
to Teachers' Annuity Fund
Unsanitary and Filthy Con
dition of Cheap Tenement
Calls for Drastic Action
HEALTH BOARD
CLEANS HOUSE
MAY NOT RAISE
CONTRIBUTION
THE' SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SUNDAY.: MARCH 0, 1904.
The recent, census' of Scotland and
Ireland show thenv to be almost equal
In .popplatlori; ( each having - but r: a few
more people than* the Slate "of Ohio.
40
THE BEST YET.
Third Installment of
"TO-MOPROW"S TANGLE,"
The Intensely Human and
ThrlllJngly Absorbing
California Novel by a
California Author.
You x Know : All the People and
AH the Scenes in the Book.
NEXT SUNDAY CALIj.
•_ ¦ y e\v max .fcijEviy so^^ . ¦ — •¦ ; — ~~. —
..." @mttV0^ ¦
Kearny and Sutter Sts.
Undermuslins in Splendid Variety
Specially cAttractive Values in Choicest Styles Monday.
(Third Floor Kearny St.) *
Our stock of Ladies' Muslin Underwear is now at its best. Artistic undergarments of muslin,
cambric and longcloth from the best American makers are in this offering— all prettily designed and
daintily trimmed — a most comprehensive showing of thoroughly dependable garments, at most
moderate prices. . ., •
/CORSET COVERS At 25c, 35c, 50c, 75c, 90c, $1.00 and $1.25
MUSLIN DRAWERS At 25c, 40c, 50c, 75c, 85c, $1.00 and $1.15
DAINTY GOWNS At 85c, $1.00, $1.10, $1.15, $1.25, $1.50 and 91.75
CHOICE SKIRTS At $1.00, $1.25, $1.35, $1.50, $1.63, $U7S a" d $ 2 -°°
50c and 75c Ladies' Hosiery at 33c (gi£|)
cA Special Purchase — c4n Exceptional Sale.
Over 3000 pairs of Ladies' Bla'ck Lisle Thread Hose came our way from a leading European
manufacturer at such a figure that we could not resist. They are all fine, serviceable qualities- some
plain black, some are ribbed and many are in lace openwork designs. Every pair is in
perfect condition and jf bought in the regular way could not be sold for less than 50c O O
and 75c per pair — sale price to-morrow \J\J\*
Newest Pongee Silks for Spring «£#2)
Pongee Silks will be extremely popular, this season, for Costumes, Waists and Coats. In view of
this fact we've laid in a supply of the very best styles, and offer to-morrow these exceptional values:
Colored Pongee Silks — excellent quality, in blue, gun Pongee Silks, 36 Inches wide— a handsome, heavy
metal, brown and natural — a soft, graceful fabric for quality, in three colorings — cloth of gold, cloth of silver
summer gowns 24 inches wide, at 75c yard and cloth of ebony; special at * < /v A
¦ * ¦ ' 32 inches wide, at $1.00 yard ' $1.50 a yard.
Fine Values in Imported Glassware ("ssi/sr)
Exquisite Vases and Bowls for wedding, birthday or Easter gifts — Art Pieces that you would pay
one-fifth and one-fourth more for elsewhere. Here are a few interesting offerings for to-morrow:
BOHEMIAN GLASS VASES — 9 BOHEMIAN ROSE BOWLS— AUSTRIAN FERN DISH— entire-
inches high, handsomely decorated odd shape, in pretty light and Iy new shape, in exquisite rich
with floral designs, special at... $1.85 dark tints, special at $3.25 dark colors, excellent value $4.75
AUSTRIAN CABINET VASES— I AUSTRIAN VASES — 9 inches LONHUDA VASES— .12 inches
unique shape. 3J4 inches high, in I high, in -beautiful colorings and j high, exquisitely decorated with
rch colorings, at $2.25 I artistic shipes $3.50 ! floral designs; special at ...$6.25
INITIAL HANDKERCHIEFS NEW RIBBONS FOR 19O4
(First Floor Sutter St.) (Main Aisle Kearny St.)
Several hundred dozen of Ladies' Handkerchiefs, every The Fancy Ribbons for Spring have arrived and are
thread linen, with elaborate hand embroidered Initials, now on display. We have never shown handsomer styles,
wreath design. They are plain white and tine quality, Here are the newest in Ombres, Dresdens, Figured, Gilt
with hemstitched edges. Real value 20c each — .. ~ » / j Effects, Plaids, Stripes and Solid Colors, \% to 8 ins. wide
•ill initials on sale to-morrowatthe special priceof \l>/^*> I Prices 25c to $1.35 Yard.
ARABIAN (l^s^r/t) i SATIN (K^sT) I LADIES' (gtl^O
Lace Curtains Hose Supporters \ Mocha Gloves
Special for Monday — 300 pairs Ara- ! We have secured a large lot of | Just received a new shipment of
hian Lace Curtains — plain centers— j Ladies' Hose Supporters — that very Ladies' Mocha Kid Gloves — Paris
some with corded borders, others in j popular style to hook on corset, made pulnt embroidery — excellent quality
novelty braid effects — worth regularly of fine quality satin and fancy silk 1 in black, gray and beaver. Every
$4^00 — sale price elastic — worth 60c — sale price ! pair guaranteed and fitted — no better
. $3.00 Pair 40c Pair l gloveev:roffm<lat $1.00 Pair
a V Mail Orders Receive Prompt Jfttention ** Samples Sent to Jtny Jiddress.
ADVEBTISBJCEirrS. _¦
4Ea\^i£S0u i': ¦ »' t ¦' v^J- i*.V*"^W2'"8BBsSs l
( ¦"*¦>?¦* ¦¦*.' r| i .* •/•"'"* tT •' ' '''/.** ' ' *• **•»¦}*' *"^SI
I jMft 7i .* * .* r* '/ ' •* * .»•. "'¦¦'¦*£ *. * .* ••• .*\*»..\ . - A.
I ¦ ¦HSf *" '•-* - -^'- V • .'"""™,"w** ¦* r— ' ' ')/ ¦ .* ¦» *" * »v* ".¦.'._{*» * # «' . . ¦\Qdu^MrlaS
bSkSs^BSBhL "^ ¦ ?."'"*¦»'"., }'.{:'. \r i •* ~ •'••••v- % ~J Ev3isSSE23
BgHsjBjBflM^*''**** % s t *. r ;.-.' \ '7:\ * . v" 4 ||SjJfilwffjBB|
»¦ ..Miss Alice Bailey, of Atlanta, Ga., Hi
tells how she was permanently cured of
inflammation of the ovaries, and escaped
the surgeon's knife, by the use of
Lydia E* Pinkham f s Vegetable Compound*
The universal indications of the approach of woman's great enemy, inflam-
mation and disease of the ovaries, are a dull throbbing pain, accompanied by
a senss of tenderness and heat low down in the Bide, with occasional
shooting- pains. On examination it may be found that the region of pain will
show some swelling This is the first stage of inflammation of the ovaries.
u Dear Mes. Pixkham :— I -wish to express my gratitude for the
restored health and happiness Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound has brought into my life.
a I had suffered for three years -with terrible pains at the time of
menstruation, and did not know -what the trouble was until. the doctor
pronounced it inflammation of the ovaries, and proposed an operation.
"I felt so weak and sick that I felt sure that I could not survive the
ordeal, and so I told him that I \rould not undergo it. The following
week I read an advertisement in the paper of your V egetable Compound
in such an emergency, and so I decided to try it. Great was my joy tc
find that I actually unproved after taking two bottles, so I kept taking
it for ten weeks, and at the end of that tune I was cured. I had gained
eighteen pounds and was in excellent health, and am now.
"You surely deserve great success, and you have my very best
wishes." — Miss Alice Bailey, 50 North Boulevard, Atlanta, Ga.
Another woman saved from a surgical operation by Lydia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound. Bead what she says :—
"Dear Mrs. Pi>-xiiam: — I cannot thank
Jon enough for what your Vegetable Com-
Ggf pound has done for mo. If it bad not been for
|£f II your medicine, I think I would have died.
A ||f <T£^ fi£^ H "* te " you how I sttffered- I could
l§s A si "^3* 1 '^ a hardly walk, was unable to sleep or eat. Men-.
i^PLkLJR v PI strua tion was irregular. At last I had to
rimmSCSV j^l V sta y m m 7 bed, and flowed so badly that
tfaS&jSSk ~~^~ J they sent lor a doctor, who said I had in-
of the ovaries, and must go
I V tk rou £ a an operation, as no medicine could help
me » but * co . uld not . do at -
K'WlJBfgTPn|wfaLrp iiifflBBra^. " * rece i ye d & little book of yours,
KgSffgm^awrailraStt-^Bak and after reading it, I concluded to try
L y dIa E » Pinkham's Vegetable
JC^^X^P^^^^™^^ Compound, and I am now a well
, . woman, I shall praise your medicine
as long as I live, and also recommend the same to anyone suffering as 1
was." — Mrs. Men-xie Ottosox, Otho, Iowa.
All sick women would be wise if they would take Lydia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound and be well.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WORTH MORE THAN 12.
Make* ehavinx yourself a real pleasure.
Tbe blade is of tbe finest tempered steel
' and bas a soft, velvet touch. Better rot
one.
POCKET KNIVES «• low as SOc in all
standard makes.
SCISSORS from 26c uo. •'
STAR SAFETY RAZORS, regular $2 kind;
jny price K1J6V
RAZOR ETROPS. S&e and tipwarOs.
Mail orders promptly filled.
THAT MAN PITTS
T. W. FITTB. The . SJaUoner. . -
1008 Xaxket Street. Abort PowtlL
Ean Francieco.
INCOMPARABLE,
Ur MAGNIFICENT
White Towing Cars for Rent.
Will Sell If You Insist.
Telephone South 805.
WHITE GrABAGE,
Market and Franklin Streets. .
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all other facial blemishes are removed by
DR. end MRS. A. W. TRAVERSE, Donobe*
bulldlar. UTO Market street, jcor. Taylor, rooms
2&-S9, with the «lectrie needle, without pain or
•car; permanency cuaranteed; Lours 1 to i p.m.
: iC~£j ADVERTISEMENTS.
h^^B we atm!: red
¦¦•siv r:; - 1 ¦ Iff ti ¦ f\ r"*
J li 1 85$
Ji '¦" i H G ° u ° z n
TWO BARGAINS .iv .
TABOURBXTES
AT SENSATIONAL, PRICES. Fix
the ''Prices In your mind' ahd the-.
<ome ¦ and se« - the ; Tabourettes.
,W«'ve other bargains to show you
also. - ,.v» :••;¦ ' .: •¦ ¦
A. B. SMITH CO.,
• 128-132 Ellis Street
SAN FRANCISCO. .
"j i ' ' ,aj...u... '..'... !.."..^Iiul_ iT
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ff WORTH OFFURNITUREYL
B AND CARPETS FOR^W
i #|Qg A WEEK §
m WORTH OF FURNJWRS^k
m AND CARPETS FOR «
1*2^ cash!
/5©o\
m worth oFFi/RN/nmm
M AND CAPPETS FOR M
\*iOPCA8MM
B WORTH OF FURNITURE lk
ffl AND CARPETS ®
1*1522 CASH I
%£?QHmY /f pssmo I j
ilFVRNlTVREeJBen Hur. Party.
Mizpah Court No. 1 of the Tribe of
Ben Hur will give a social to' its mem
bers and friends in its lodgeroom in
the Odd Fellows' building: to-morrow
evening 1 , when a first-class programme
of entertainment will be presented,
after which there will be dancing for
two hours.
Anniversary Ball.
Walla Walla Tribe No. 141. Im
proved Order ot Red Men. . will ttive
its first anniversary entertainment and
ball In Franklin Hall on Flllmore
street on the evening of Saturday,
March 12. The entertainment will
commence at half past 8 o'clock. '
Misconduct on the part of his wife
is alleged by Joseph V. Pidgeon, who
is seeking a divorce from Mable Pid
geon. He accuses her of belns too fa
miliar with William Baird. The Pid
geons were married in 1897 and have
one child, a girl, 4 years of age, the
custody of whom Pidgeon asks for.
Clara Decker is the plaintiff in a
suit for divorce • in which Frank
Decker is the defendant. Desertion
is the charge made by Mrs. Decker.
Habitual intemperance and neglect are
the grounds named in the complaint
flled*by Jennie W. Seavier against F.
Seavier. Divorces are also being
sought for by Ella F. Bailey from W.
H. Bailey for desertion and George
Phillips from Lillie Phillips for in
temperance.
Charles J. Porter is seeking a di
vorce from Edith Porter, nee Biller,
on statutory grounds. Porters
were married at Chicago in 1900. They
lived there a year and then moved to
Sqokane, where they also remained a
year. Since leaving the northern city
they have been residents of San Fran
cisco.
Roncovieri's plan is designed to put
a stop to what he considers a full
fledged padrone system in vogue
among some Sicilian residents and he
purposes that the boys who peddle
shall at least attend school in the
evening, if not during the day.
Divorce Complaints.
President Roncovieri of the Board
of Educati6n has hit upon an Ingen
ious plan to ascertain If the' Italian
boys who peddle lemons and matches
during the dJfy attend the evening
schools regularly. Roncovieri has
had attendance cards for the public
evening school pupils printed with the
dates posted thereon. Each night that
the pupil attends school the teacher
punches the corresponding date.
The cards are to be carried at all
times by the pupils and they must
show them to the truant officers when
requested. At a glance the truant of
ficer may learn from the punched
dates if the boy hal attended school
and if he has not he is at once brought
before the Juvenile Court under the
compulsory education law. The cards
are signed by the teacher and the prin
cipal of the school.
President Roncovicri of Board of
'Education Provides Cards for Guid
ance of Truant Officers.
BOY PEDDLERS MUST
ATTEXD XIGITT SCHOOL
The estate in question, according to
the Inventory, consists of 55343 in cash
and realty in Yolo, Madera, Slskiyou,
Colusa, Shasta and Alameda counties of
a total value of J30.S13.
The will of Dungan was j made in
April, 1898. It is in the handwriting
of the deceased and contains the an
nouncement that he died chlldess; that
he had never besn married, and that
he devised to his relatives and to any
one who proved relationship with him
the sum of $1. The rest of his estate
Is devised to Jane Whipple Robson,
who is also named as executrix of the
will.
The J3G.156 estate of the late Dr. Ja
cob S. Dungan, who was a retired naval
surgeon, is the subject of a contest
brought yesterday in the Probate Court
by his brother, Joseph Dungan, and
his nephew and niece, Harry L Dun
gan and Jane de Kalb. They ask
that the order admitting Dungan's
•will to pro-bate be revoked, and that
the letters testamentary heretofore is
sued to Jane Whipple Robson, sole
devisee in the will, be set aside. They
allege In support of their contest that
at the time the will was made the de
ceased was of unsound mind and under
the influence of the respondent, and
that, furthermore, the will is not a
legal document in that it was never
witnessed or signed by the deceased.
At the time of Dungan's death in
February of last year he was 84 years
of age. He had been out of the naval
service at that time for fifteen years
and was, according to his relatives, a
recluse. They allege that though in
his younger days Jie had been a man
of . refinement, the manner in which
he spent the last days of his life weak
ened his brain and caused him to pre
fer a life in a filthy room to the ease
and comfort his means would enable
him to secure. When he died, they say,
he was in a room littered with news
papers which he had spent years in
collecting. He was under the control
and domination of Jane Robson, they
say, and therefore in no way fit to
make a disposition of his property.
Allege He Was Under Control
of Jane Whipple Robson,
Whom He Made His Heir
s£y he wasinfluenced
Eelatives of Dr. J. S. Dungan,
-Retired Naval Physician,
File a Contest of His Will
WANT FORTUNE
OF AGED MISER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SUNDAY. MARCH f>. 1904.
41
THE GREAT INTERROGA-
TION'.
BY JACK LOXDOX.
Evcrjbody .Will Read
This Foil Page
- Story In the
NEXT SUNDAY CAIJj.
BAILWAY TRAVIX.
! CALIFORNIA
j LIMITED TO CHICAGO
! LEAVES DAILY
I ; at J).:.*JO a. m, tirougrh la 3 days,
with diser and all trapping 1 *.
- Otser Saata Te Trai&sj
I A?2 *" m "\ for Stockton. Fresno. Bakenfleld.
! S-00 d" m"j Merced . Hanford and Vlsalla.
4:00 d. rn. for Stockton.
b :C0 p. m. lor Kansas City. Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET OrriCES— €41 Market SU and
Terrj Depot, S. 7. Also 1118 Broad-
way, Oakland, CaX. 87 Soatn Tlrst St^
Saa Jots.
i CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO
LESSEE
S/JI FRAKCISGO AK'J NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPAHT.
Tiburon 1'erry, root oi iaaxket StrtU
SAN FSA27CXSCO TO SAW SAPASZt.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; U::a6.
liSQ, I :iu. u.J'j p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11 :-¦-> D. rn.
Saturdays — Extra, trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. in.
SUNDAYS — 9:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30.
' S:30. 0:«X). 0:20. 11:30 p. m.
: SAS XA7A£L TO SAN PBAJTCZSCO.
WEEK LiAYS— 6:0o. 7:S5. 7:50. 9;20. 11:13
a. m.; 1^:50, 3:40, 5:00, 5:L*U p. m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at ":<JS and 6:33 p. m.
j SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:40. 11:13 a. m.; 1:40.
3:40. 4:65. S :OS. 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
Ean Francisco. I Sept. 27. 1903. [San Francisco.
Week t Sun- I Destina- I Sun- I Week
Day i. | days. 1 tlon. | days. | Days.
7:30a! 8:0ua U:10a «:40a
j!>:30a Itr.aclo. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30pl3:3Op 6:05 p 0:20 p
t:10 p| 6:00 p 7:33 p
7:30 al I 9:10 a| 8:40 a
|S:OOa N'ovato. |10:40 a|10:20 a
I J:3Op »:30a Petaluma 6:05 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 3:30 p aod 7:35 p
I 5 :00 p Santa Rosa.
7:30 a 10:40 a 10:20 a
S:00a Fulton. 7:33 p 0:20 p
; 3:S0 p 3:30 p
i Windsor.
7:30 a S:O0a Healdsburr. 10:40 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
3:30 p 3:30 p Geyserville. 7:25 p 8:20 p
Cloverdale,
7:30 a 8:00 a Hopland 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 3:30 p and Uklah. 7:35 p 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 a| Wllllta. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7 :3O al S:Oua] |10:4O a|10:20 a
3:3Op]3:30p| GuernevUle. |7:35p|«:gQp
7:3Oa| 6:OOa| Sonoma, |9:10a|8:40a
6:10 p| C:OUp| ' Glen Ellen. | 6:06 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a! 8:00 a! 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 p[ 3:30 p| Sebaetopol. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for Ean
Quentin; at Santa Rosa {or White Sulphur
feprings; at Fulton for Altrurla and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
ttrville for Skasrs Springs: at Cloverdale for
the Geysers. Booneville and Greenwood; at
llcp'ar.J for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs,
Kelseyville, Carlsbad fc'prlr.ga. Soda Bay, Lake,
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
£prin*s. Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo,
Pctter Valley. John Day's. Riverside, Lieriy's,
Bucknells. Sanhedrin Heights. Huilvllle. Orr's
Hot Springs, Halfway House. Comptche. Camp
Sieveo* Hupkins. Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg.
Westport. Usal; at WiUits for Fort Bragg.
\\'e«tport. Sherwood. Cahto, Covelo, Layton-
vllle Camming s, Bell'» Sprlngi, Harris, 01-
tcn'e. Dyer. Garbervllle, Pepperwood, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
cuctd rates.
On Sunday rcand-trip tickets to all points
beyond Ean Rafael at half ratea.
Ticket offices, 630 Market street. Chronicle
building.
II. C. WHITING. R. X. RTAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Paai Act.
[ppppg| TOSANR AFAEL,
||£|S£ft|H R0SS VALLEY '
|>^lvS^|1 MILL VALLEY,
pTOg CAZADERO, Etc,
ffi^jyEggggiygSgk Via Sauaallto Parry.
Suburban Service, Standard Gauge Electric—
Depart from San Francisco Dally 7 :00. 8:00.
300 10:00, 11:00 a. m., 12:20, 1:45. 3:15. 4:13,
513 6-15. 7:00. b:45. 10:20. 11:43 p. m.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
-Daliy7 5:25. 0:35. 7:40. 8:35. 8:35. 11:05 a,
m.. 12:20. 1:45. 2:55. 3:45. 4:45. 5:45, «:43,
8:45. 10:20 p. m.
FROM MILL VALLET TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO — Dally. 5:45. 6:55. 7:52. 8:55, 8:55.
11:20 a. m., 12:35. 2:00. 3:15. 4:03. 5:05. 6:03,
7:05. 8:00. 10:33 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
8:00 a. rn. dally — Cazadero and way stations.
5:15 p. rn. week days (Saturday excepted)—
Tomaies and way stations. >
3:15 p. zn. Saturday* — Cazadero and way
stations.
Sundaji only — 10 a. m.. Point Reyea and
way stations.
TICKET OFFICE— €28 Market it
I FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market rt.
j Mt. Tam alpais Railway
• Leave Tia SraaUte rwrr | Arrive ""
I S— Frandsc* ft+tl In***. aaaFraacfac*
I \V55 Sun. m "S» |We«k"
! p«y«- aS&m^ p»tx
•".l.-flAj* 8:00a gHtt 13tOftr ffcif}
•l:*5r 9:00a JSBSM.W9 *>»»» *:B>O,
6:lor 1O:OOa Jbt£2S££V l:IOr S:6Or
II.OOa. •:>•' tiMs
. l:48r '^SBjr »=»«»
•H-.tKr *»»«» .
•CsMMt »1A Hay* >> T, MpjsiMaTgwflwp^
I nctn J 626 Maxxxt ST^(Nortli Shore Railro*4T
1 WTJ3J 1 »ad Sac»*UTO F«*»T. Foot Martat at>
KAILWAY THAVEL.
I ftuxscr \*m\ Train* I mt* and ar«
CA WOW * WlAgTJk j £m j
" T "WTP ) ' \ due to srrire at
VO\^^3^/^y SAN FKANCISCO.
\^ f \ y" S (Main Lire, Ferry Dcpev i
+^r Foot of Mtrtet binet t
jnrt — Fbos Ftrgi*KT 17. 1^'M — abriti
"TJCb*. PacaTineL Wtafrs. ifwey 7-50p !
7 JO* Beclcla, ScUsn. Klx'raand S»cr»- |
tnentu 7.20r i
7^3* TBiltJo. K»p». C»'.!»M»CV 6»nt»
Kou. v»n:r»i, San Itarnon S 2C" '
7.30a ?<":.e«. Ltrermore. Tr»cy, Latbrop.
fctock:oa 7.20r I
E£0* £i:asta Express— (Via Darl**.
Wtuinnii (for Bartlett Springs'.
Wj;ijw». -Fruto. Ked I>:u2.
PortJ«ad. Tacoma. Seattle 7-50f
t C2-> »a»-.a.Woo»!!ai:<l. Knirfau Laodicg.
MarrsviMe. OroTlIle 7-SQr
t II* Fort Co«ta. Martinez. Aatiorh.
Bvroa. Tracy. Stockton. New-
Biaii. Ix>» B«n<^«. SIt.soiv
A -:;¦. B«.. Hacrard. VI I alia,
Porfrv;::e 4.20p
C.30a fonCjtts.. Mirtiaez. Tracy. Lmo-
Tup. Modeco. M'rced. Frein-k.
Oo«)iea Junction. II an ford.
VUil'.a. Hatcr»C'ld 4 SOr
¦ ¦SO* M!e«. San Jutf, Llvermure. Stock-
P1aVer»^'.Ie. MarjtVllle. Chlcol
Rfd Blnff 4.20^ |
830* Oakrt»:e. CMne»e. Jamenown. So-
uorn. Tnoliwrne aiid Acgeli 420p j
8 00* At!a:u:cF.rrn?»»— OK«lt:a»n(IE»«r. 11.20* !
833* Rlrh:n.-ad. Marilnci and W»y
Station* 6 50r !
IOCS* The Overland L!n:tted — ogdea.
l>ea«Tr. Om»t«, Chicago 620p
T5ca* V»:;ejo_ 1220*
1000* !•!>• Anppir* raw^nger — Foil
( v.:l Xlartinez. Cyroa. Tracy.
Lsttroj*. Stockton. Merced,
luraond. Fresao. Ootten Junc-
tion. Unnford. Leraoore, VUalla.
B»kcr»t^!d. i/o» Arftele* 7.20^ '
12-CO" Hayward. S!!* 1 ! aad Way Stations. S.20r '
:W)(ir 8acr»niei>to Hirer Steamrr* t11.0i2r
IZCr Beaicia. Ti-iater». Sacrataento.
Wo^.imd. Kc'.j!)U Laad!li£.
Wary»vi:ie, Orov!!!e and way
•tation* 10504
JlCr Hayward. Kr.es and T'aj- Sutlom.. 7.5ur
S-SOi" ton Costa, MarUne^ Hyroa,
Tracy. Lattrop. Mode* to.
Merced. Fresco end Way Sta-
tion* beyond Port Co»ta 12-20e
S-SOp Martlner. Tracy. Stockton. Ledl... 1020*
4 COf Martfnez.SaiiIla.ni->a.VaKejo,Napa,
Cai:»toea. Santa Ro«a 9 20*
*£2r KIlea, 1 ra.cr. Stockton. LodI 4.20r
4 30r Esyvard. NIlea, Irrlcgtc-n, Sant 4 3.S0*
Jote. LlTenncre j til, 50a
tttlr Tte Owl Limited— Newman. Loi
Banos. Mrndota, Fresno, Tulare,
BakertSeld. Lot Angelet.
Golden State Limited Sleeper.
Oakland to Lo* An^ele*. for Chi-
cago, rla C. R. I. A P 8. 50*
tCOr Port Coata, Tracy. Stockton 12 20r
*E JOr Ilayward. Kt'.ea and ban Joie ..... 7.20*
e.COr Hayward. Kile* a»d 6an Jote. 9. SO*
i.COr E»«tera Express— 0fV»"i. l>«nTer.
Ocaha, 6t. LocU. cBlca«:o and
Eatt. Pert Cctta, brz'.c'.h. Sul-
*-;a. Elalra, Darla, Sacrament^
Rock 1 In. Auburn, Col fax,
Truckee. Boca, Ueno. Wad*-
wortb, M'tanemscca ............. 5 20?
• C jr VaJleJo. dally, except Sunday.... I 7 Rn
7£0t Vallejo, 6unday only f '»» r
7JDCr hlctrnocd. San Pablo. Port Costa,
Martinez acd Way Ptatlont 11.20a
C-GEP Oregon * California Expre»»— 6ac-
ramento, UarytTille. Redding.
Portland. Pnrei Sound and Eai t. 1.504
C Up Ety ward, l.'ilet and San Jote (Sua-
dayonly) 11-50*
COAST LI N E (.Narr.^ 4iaas;e).
(Foot uf Market Street.)
•¦16* Kewark. Ceoterrtlle. Ean Joie.
Feltoa. CoBlcer Creek. 8»nu
Croi and Way Station! 6-55r
t2.Hr Krwarfc. Cecterrtlle. Ban Jcte,
:>w AimadeauLoa GatocFeUon.
BouMer Croek. Banta Crni aad
Principal Way StaUont tlO 55*
4-ifir Kewark. San Jote. LoaOatos aad t »8.65 *
way ttatlosa ........ I 110 65*
ttSOr BsBtera Tr*'n. Saturday only. San
Juee aad Way Etat'ont.' Keturn-
la«; from Lot Gatot Scndsy only. 17 2Sp
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
rrcBi E?^>UA^ CISCO, Fout uf Market bt. <£Up1)
— T7:15 »:00 11:00 *.M. 1.00 300 B.ISr.M.
Trea OAKLAKD. Foot of Broadway — t«:W U:M
tt:Ctt 1U:OO^.M. 12-00 200 4J0 f ¦«¦
COA^T LI N't <8r«a4 Ua.ire).
_ qr*<iclr^ and Townnend S:rt« it.)
S.I 0* San J«*e and Way StaUont 6 30r
7 00* Saa Jete and WaySutlont 5 39c
8 CO* New Almadea (Ton , Frld.. only), 4.1Qr
I CP* TS« Coaitcr— Step* only ban Joie.
Gilroy (connection for BolUs-
ter>. Pajaro. CattroTllie <eoa-
eectiOB to at-d frota Mcnterey
and Pacific Grore), Sallsas. Saa
ArtJo, Paao Boblea. Santa >l*r-
(r»r!:a. Sao Lolt Oblrpo, principal
atationt tnence Sort (connection
for Loiapoc). principal itatioat
tbence Santa Bar bara,Saa linen*
rentara, Sauirci. Lot Aotelei... 10-49'
|.C0« faa Joce. Tres Plnot, Capitols,
haataCroz.Paclncftrore.Salinaa.
ban Lnla Obltpo and Frladpai
Way eutiooi ...:..... 4.18»
10-10* Sa» Joae and Way StaUont 1.20'
IIZOa Sacta Clara, Eau Jote. Lot Gatot
aad Way Stations 7.30r
1-3O E«n Jot* ao-i Way StaUoni t 36*
5 tCr Del Host* Kxprena— fianta Clara,
Eaa Jcte, Del Monte. Monterey,
Pad&c Grove (connect* at Santa
Clara tor Santa Cruz, Boulder
Crert and Narrow GaucePolnu)
¦t GUroy tor Ilollltter. Tret
. •»' '. Pino*, at Cattrorllle for Sallnat. 12.15'
SiOr Trea Plaot Way Paanenrer 10 4Sa
4 ZCr Eaa Jote acd Way Eutlo&t 18-CO*
tSOOr feaa Jcse. (vl» Sac ta Clara) Lot
Gtto*. aad Principal Wty &u-
Uont (except Sunday) tS 00*
'.k-ZGr EaaJoteandPrincipalWayStatlont {9.40*
S-tOr 6ocaet Limited.— lSed wood. San
Joae,Gt!roy.Salin*n.Paso Koblea,
Ean Luit obiipo. Saata Barbara.
Lot Anccirt. Demlnir. El Pato,
yew Crleana. Sew Vort Con-
nects at Ptjuro for Santa Cru*
ssd at CartrorlUA for Pad£c
Grove and Way Stations 7-10»
t$ Iti SauMateo,Beretford,Belmont.Saa
Carloc. Redwood. Fair Oaka,
Wenlo Park. Palo Alto — ........ t«.4»*
6 SQr San Joce and Way titaaont M .. 6-16*
t-DOr Fa'o Alto «cd Way Station*.. 10.15*
il.iCr 6octb6anFrancl»co. Mlllbrae. Bnr-
llscame. ban Mateo. Brlmont,
bin Carlo*. Eedwood. Fair O»tt,
MenJo Park, and Palo Alto 945'
-ll.iflr lltytc'.d. Monntaln View. Euany-
' **"" Tale. Lawrence. Sart* Clara aad
Sac Jo»e H.4b>
AforMomlne. P for Afternoon.
1 CBBday excepted. I Sunday only
a Saturday only. -
I Eton at all sutlont on Sunday.
tV"Otly tralnt ttoj-pm? at Valencia Su tostaboud
.ret:lol*:^7:aJ*.K, U;S0 A.»,8:»»JUl:»rai.aad
tlOStJL -
theIveekly call
Si per Year.
AMUSEMENTS.
coD5mbia $m ™ j ss iu "
Tr\ MIPUT! Last DENMAN THOMPSON
I LZ-lNjUrl 1 i Time In THE OLD HOMESTEAD
Beginning To=Morrow, Monday Night
FIRST TIME IN HHl/% r% J0HN °- USHER'S
fKANUdiu XX^y $50,000 PRODUCTION
• "j BY THE AUTHORS OF "FLORODORA."
TT . With SAMUEL COLLINS and
124--CQMPANY-124
The Sensational Champagne Dance
THE FAflOUS BEAUTY CHORUS
TIV0JLI858..-.
BEGINNING MONDAT. March 7.
SECOND WEEK and- Tremendous Success of
Johann Strauss* Masterpiece,
O YPS Y
A Romantic Opera In Three Acts.
FIRST APPEARANCE IN ENGLISH OF
SIG. DOMENICO RUSSO
The Favorite Tenor.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
SECURE SEATS IN ADVANCE!
Next— MR.. PICKWICK.
Usual Popular Prices 25c, 50c and 75c
Box Seats • $1 00
GRAND howe
MATINEE TO-DAY. LAST NIGHT.
FRANK^BACON
.-.The Hills of California.*.
POPULAR PRICES. .
Theater ' Closed tor Renovation After To-
night.
BEOPEKlNCr KOHDAT. March 81.
mrs. x _ Mary of
FISKE Magdala
SEATS ON SALE MONDAY, MARCH 14.
CALIFORNIA
f9 TO-NIGHT. Kf^
DANIEL 5ULLY J
Presenting his latest and greatest I
THE CHIEF JUSTICE I
By FITZGERALD MURPHY. Fl
iA oowerful rdmancc of modern society, *»
of financial schemes and po- - f
Iitlcal Intrigue. ij
. A ma-iterolece In dramatic construe- B
Sf tton. ¦
?%&£££
I^VST TWO TlAlES OF
ROLY F^OLV,
And FAREWELL APPEARANCE OF
KOLB AND DILL.
An\lmnortant event to-morrow night, v
A COMPLETE CHANGE.
NEW PLAY!!!. NEW COMPANY:!! .
THE ROUNDERS.
A " New Vaudevlle In Tfcree Great Acts.
• The Remarkable New York Casino Success.
A brilliantly Witty. Musical Comedy. Mag-
nificently Staged and First Appearance of
RICHARD F. CARROLL and JOHN P. KEN-
NEDY, the Two B«st Comedians In America.
Matinees, Saturday and Sunday. Same Pop-
ular Prices. Seata on sale two weeks ahead.
Pa1ari> DONT FAIL TO
laiaWV gee the besotUnl
V COURT Lounging
4f1(l room, the EMPIRE
aUU PARLOR, tho
r j PALM ROOM, tho
iirnnd ¦ louis xv par.
D J. 1 DIES' WRITINQ
lloteK; >RooM -
I Week Comm.ncln« THIS AFTER-
I NOON March «J.
A BIG NEW SHOW!
Limited Engagement of tho '
Barrows-Lancaster Go.
Including MI3S CLARA THROPP.
Presenting Their Latent Success
"WHEN GEORGINA WAS EIGIIT-
f EEX."
K^ POETTINGER'S
Swedish Ladies' Quintette
) Talented Vocalist*. In a : Novel and
Beautiful Act.
America's . Foremost Eccentric Come-
fergusonInd mack
Introducing THE DIMPLE SISTERS'
The Latest European Novelty.
GILLO'S ARTESTQ
Direct from the OlympJa. . Paris.
THE L0WE-HU6HES DUO
America's Greatest Xylopho&ists and
Mu.itcal Artists.
GARLIN AND OTTO
The Merry Germans. In an Er.tlrs
Change of Act.
Al Bill
ANDERSON AND BRIGGS
Kings of Colored Comedy. Presenting
a New Specialty,
Orpheum Motion Pictures
Showing the Latest Novelties.
Last Week of the Artistic Sensation.
NIRVANA
In Her Exhibition of Colossal Colored
Pictures. With the Alii of Her
Trained Horag. "LOKI."
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday,
Thursday. Saturday and Sunday.
Prices— 10c. 25c anci 50c.
Next Thursday Eve., March (0
Saturday Afternoon, March 12
The Man Whose Pictures Hav- Made th«
Whole WorM Laugh Will Give
•"Talks" - on
"The Power of a Cartoon/*
Illustrated With Pictures From His Clevw
Pencil, Sketched Before the Audience.
Humorous. Interestlns and Fas-
cinating.
Reserved Seats. OCc. 75c and St. Box Office
Sherman, Clay 4c Co.' a, Wednesday.
SPECIAL!
THIRD KOPTA QUARTETTE
Novelty Concert, With Mrs. Oscar Mana-
f eldt. . Pianist*.
If EXT SUNDAY. MARCS 13. AT 3 P. M.
Xoveltlea — Piano Quartet. Richard Strauss'
American' String Quartet, E>vorak; Weniel
Kopta. soloist.
Tickets, $1 and 50c. Sherman, Clay It Co.'»:
Sunday at Hail.
Extra Announcement!
FOUR ILLUSTRATED LECTURES
By KATE JANISCH
On "New Zealand."
A beautiful country about which but lltt!«
U generally known. Magnificent colored views
and motion picture*.
Monday niyht. Marcn 14. So. 1: Wed-
nesday nisrat. Marcn 16, ZTo. 3. and re-
peated Prlday Matinee at 3:13, 2To. IS
Friday niffat at 8:15. Wo. 2.
Seats. SI, 73c and 5Oc, reserved. School
children. 60c for best seats at Friday matine*.
Box office. Sherman. Clay £ Co.'s. Wednesday.
March 23 — Mrs. Raymond Brown. In l»c-
tnre recitals on 'Wagner's muslo dramas.
SEATS BAUER'S RETURN CONCERTS
Tuesday Night March 15
Wednesday Matinee March IS
READY THUXS9AT M0B3TSO.
Prices — Night. 75c to |1 30; Matinee. 30o
to SI Ml
ALCAZAR^mir
General Manage?.
TO-ariOHT— StATIJTEE TO-DAY.
Charming BIlOO "^
™°T m No *»»«•
=¦ HOBBS —
' Evgu.. 25e to 75c. Mats.. Sat. it Sun.. 25 to 30c.
j TO-MORROW — The Comedy of th» Tyrol,
££ B WHITE HORSE TAVERN
Monday. March 14, PARSXTAI..
Seat Sale To-Morrow — Special Prices.
Eves., 25c to SI- Mats.. 25c to 75c.
No one seated at Parsifal after S p. m.
Market Street. Xear Eighth.. Phone South 523.
MATnnn: tox>ay-|RRF hY COR
TO-HIOHT liAST .|UlII-nl\ I Ull
Traoc or ran | I IDCDTV
SENSATIONAi I LIDLIIII
TO-MORROW NIGHT— ALL NEXT WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Magnificent Production of th» Everlastins Fa-
vorite of Old and Toun*.
RIP VAN WINKLE
HERSCHEL. MAYALL. as ''RIP. 1 '
nnirrC Evenings .'...'... 10c to 50o
rnlWcO Matinees 10c. 13c. Z5c
High-Class Specialties Eierf Afternoon Hd
Evening in tbs Heated Theater.
RICE AND ELMER: THE BENNIXGTON
DUO: COLEMAN AND MEXIS: JAME3
HENNESSEY: KELLY AND V1OLETTE:
MABEL LAMSON. AND* NEW MOVING
PICTURES.
SEE THE BABIES IN THE INFANT INCU-
BATORS.
Rare Animals From Every Clime In the Zoo.
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
Admission. 10c: Children. 5c.
WbbHy Gall $1.00 dbi Year
ADVERTISEMENTS. -•
Fresht Daisy
"Why. my dear." *atd th» husband
of one of cur lady friends to her th«
other dafe "Tou are getting quite
younsr again. I do declare you look
as bright and fresh as a daisy."
When, the lady wa» telling: us about
it. she said: "Now I'm sure that's
not so bad for a lady of 86 years:" ¦
No, It was good. Yet we are so
accustomed to hear such reports
that we were not at all surprised.
Ai a matter of fact
MRS. NETTIE HARRISON'S
Lola Montez Cream
Is a wonder working preparation that
never fails to accomplish the most
pleasing and satisfying results. It
creates lovely complexions and pre.
vents blemishes; 75c a jar Only way
you can keep from getting tan.
freckles cr sunburn is by using this
Creme. Good for insect bites. 75c
a Pot, at all druggists'.
Trial Dot L « dl «» °«t of town
X11O1 JfOl sending this ad- with
10c in stamps will receive a book of
inn ructions and a box of Lola Monte*
Creme and Face Powder FREE.
' If you have any defects 61 skin
scalp or general health, write me.
Correspondence solicited.
/MRS. NETTIE HARRISON
Dcrmatjfoftist
140 Geary Ft. Fan Francisco
Opp. City of Paris.
INCOMPARABLE,
¦MAGNIFICENT
White Touring Cars for Rent.
#W111 Sell if You Insist.
Telephone South 305.
WHITE GARAGE,
Market and Franklin Streets.
DUTTCUtrC FOR BARBERS. BA-
DJLiUOJlIHO ker*. bootblacks, bath-
houses, billiard tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy makers, canners,
dyers, flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar- roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
B1TCSASAK BEOS..
Brash Maaaf actureri. 609 Sacramento St.
AMUSEMENTS.
COURSING
PARK
P. J. BEILLT Jndr«
JAS. r. OEACB Slipper
TO-DAY, SUNDAY, MAR. 6th
CHAMPS
TX-—
AlI=Age Event
purse \ i y yy purse
i * • I '
- TRAIN SERVICE
Leaves Third and Townsend streets 10:15
a. m. and 1 p. m.; Twenty-fifth and Valencia
five minutes later; returnlnc at 5 p. m. San
Mateo electric cars every four minutes direct
to Dark entrance.
IIMGLESIDE
Coursing Park
CONCLUDING ROUNDS OF. THE
...GRAND...
96-OOG
OPEN STAKE.
COURSING AT 11 O"CLOCK SHARP.
TOTAL PRIZES : : : $(000
All Mission-street cars transfer to 6uerrero
cars, which tro directly tr> the park.
• THOMAS TIEKNEY. Judse.
EDWARD SHORTSTAO. Slipper.
Racing !sp§!^ Racing!
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB,
Racing Each "Week Day, Rain or Shins.
Six or More Races Daily.
Races commence at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
- For special trains stopping at tho track take
S P. Ferry, foot of Market street, at 12. 12:30.
l'oo, l:S0 or 2 o'clock. No smoking In last two
cars, which are reserved for ladles and their
escorts. /
Returning trains leave track at 4:10 and
4:45 and immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. President.
PERCY TV. TREAT. Secretary. _^
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS*
IxcJjRSION TO NAPA
On Steamer ST. HELENA. , ~
Leaves Washlngton-st. Wharf, Pier 3, at 10
a. m.. SUNDAY, March 6. The tide being
right, it will give us two good hours' stop at
Napa. Round trip 50 cents. Good music. Re-
freshments on board. '
SAN FRANCISCO *»SS
BY AUTOMOBILE
Rates less than carriages. ...^l^PwfeVjl
MOBILE CARRIAGE CO. \
Golden | Gat. and Van Ness Aves. :
: Phones Larkln 3841— Polk 3088. :
, Downtown Office, Lobby Palace HottL
Plume ' Bush 859. '
ADVEBTISEMENTS. ~ .~ n ,
¦SDBBBBBBBGIESaSSBBBSBBaBBaBSaBDBBBSflHBBBBBaBB
S Dry Goods Company |
| 1 SPRING 1904 1 |
| New Weaves at Popular Prices |
g ALL-WOOL LACE VOILE in large variety of designs ¦
i !?.^!fe^;; :::::: $1.00 to $2.00 g
S ALL-WOOL FRENCH VOILE extremely popular fab- 3
° ric shown in a complete range HU^ :;^ frt C2 f\(\ 5-j
| of prices, yard - /^C U P to $5.\)[) §
¦ MISTRAL BOURETTE, one of the latest Paris noy- ¦
c elties, splendid variety of styles tf**| A A . tf*> CA a
g to select from, yard. . ....... 4>1.UU t0 $2.30 g
S SILK and WOOL, and ALL-SILK GRENADINE, one J
5 of the most favored fabrics of tf*1 PA . tf*f. A A ¦
S the coming season, yard.... #1.OV t0 g
| SILK and WOOL CREPE ORIENT, a very dressy, 5
? soft dinging, seasonable ma- tf 1 CA . tf*3 A A S
g terial, yard. i 1.50 to S
S CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, g
Geary and Stocktoa Streets, Union Sqa&re. El
H - H
I GRAND DISPLAY I
I Fashionable Tailor-Made Garments I
b Better Materials and Better g
m Workmanship at AH Times. a
g Only the Newest STYLES at q
| Tailor Suit SI2lo" New Style a
¦ Dark gray and blue lvjilitary effects ; Q n r I n rr I Q p !/ Q f 0 E
H black and new mixtures; blouse style; OUIIilC. JUUnClU B
3 g° odv * 1 -^^5.00. NOVELTY ETOMS-Vlth capes; silk Si
¦ Tailor Suit $15.00 "^ Uoed xht^ h^' &**<* ¦
¦ tollarlea Eton, trimmed, of excel- tximmed; mads of Cheviot, Covert D j
j lent quality black Venetian; skirt with of Bf " ad a °* h ' $7.50 to $17.50 g
g. newest Kilt effect. TAILOR COATS— The short military ¦ i
» Tailnr Rfl effect; new sleeves; the correct ¦ j
¦ lallOr OUIT OID.OU dress coat. . .$7.50 to $1500 g!
a Fancy Zibc'ine and Venetian in -_«.. «, T « rs
g Novelty BIousj and Eton style; trim- LONG SPRING COATS-Tan, new ¦)
g med with newest fancy silk braid. Ex- mixtures and black . ."$10 to $25 Q ;
¦ cellent value at $22.50. B !
I Tailor Suit $20.00 New Style Skirts I
H Novelty Tailor Suit made of reliable Dress Skirts ... $5 00 to $20.00 S
> &%£?!!£?££!?'&££ B^n.ai* . ST.50. C$25.00 |
5 styles, rich tximmin^: not equaled Walking Skirts . 62.50 to $IO.OO |
I anywhere at Ins thanlSS.CO. Silk Skirts . . . So. OO to $30.00 i
1 V • 9
1 1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET. 1
n " • ¦ ' ¦!
¦ ¦¦HBSaEaSBBBBBBBBBBSBSBDBBQBEaaBBEIBBHaBaBBB9BTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, - SUNDAY. MARCH 6, 1004.
42
nM! inctn" flats «-n Kulton st,. neer City
Kail. Inquire 142 Fu; ton et.; owr.e-
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & COMPANY.
C38 MARKET STREET
AUCTION. .
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
Tuesday, M3rch ft, 1904. 12 o'clock noon
At Our Salesroom. •
O"FA RRELL-STKEET INVESTMENT.
N. line O'Farrell st.. 112:6 ft. E. of Lagune,
through to Myrtle ave.; 63x120 ft.; Improve-
ments 2 elegant 2-story residences (Nos. 13_tt-
22 O'Farrtll st.). containing 12*I>ooms and bath
each, renting rcr $55 and $CO respectively.
aiLVER-STREET COTTAGE.
N- line Silver et., 137 ft. E. of 4th; 2?xS0
feet; substantial cottar*, containing •» and 5
roocr.a aad bath; large stable with 4 stalls.
A3HBURY HEIGHTS.
S. line of Carl st.. 157 ft. W of Stanyan:
lot 23x137:8 ft.: this lot is situated so aa to
command a beautiful view. •
MISSION RESIDENCE.
N. line of Hill at.. 125 ft. E. of Guerrero:
lot 60x138 ft.: No. 34; improvements consist
of an electnt 2-story residence of 8 rooms and
bath, sslon parlors, bassment. patent heater,
etc.: uo-to-date stable cn nreml*?s: carriage
room, «tc.
MISSION COTTAGE.
N. line of Oorlajid St., 281 W. of Church:
25x107 ft.; Xo. 154; Improvements conslnt of
modern cottage, oontaininar 5 rooms and bath,
renting fcr $?0 per month.
MISSION HOME.
TV. line of Castro at.. 105 ft. N. of 20th;
lot 25x125 ft.: No. 710: Improvements consist
of 2-stnry residence jjf 7 rooms and bath with
porcelain tub: 7-foot basement: brick founda-
tion. .
MISSION* BUILDING LOTS.
SE. cor. of Mission and Noe sts. and lots
remaining on W. line of Noe St.; College
Horn* stead, block 2: will be sold as p*r
diagram.
DOLORF.S-STREET RESIDENCE.
E. line of Dolores *t.. 100 ft. N. of 2Cth: lot
«>xl25 ft.; Xo. 1221: Improvements consist of
7-rootn residence In flr*t-el»s!< condition.
DIAMOND-STREET RESIDENCE.
W. line of Diamond st.. r.o ft. £». of 22d;
50x115:9^ ft. : . No. ; new residence of
8 rooms and bath; modern In every re*P«ct
crd s. rerft-et beauty.
For further particulars apply
EASTON. ELDIIIDGE & COMPANY.
63S Market street.
EA&TON, ELDRIDGE & COMPANY.
ras MARKET STREET
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
TUESDAY f March 15. 1904
At our salesrocms, at 12 o'clock noon.
HAIOHT-STREET FLAT^
Nee. 0S3. 9S5 and 987 Halght erf east of
Broderick. 3 beautiful new flats built last
December, containing 6. 7 and 7 rooms, porce-
lain bath. hlKh basement; modern In every
respect; rents $120 per month.
CORNER FLATS.
Southeast corner of Broderick and Haight;
lot 29:6x77 ft.; 3 handsome new flats: modern
In every respect; containing 6, 7 and 7 rooms,
porcelain baths, etc.; renting for $150 month.
BP.ODER1CK-ST. FLATS.
Nos. 39. 40 and 42 Broderick st.; lot 33x62:6:
3 new modern flats of 5. 0 and 6 rooms and
porcelain bathe: rents $105 per month.
FIFTH- AVE BUILDING LOT.
Westerly line of Bth ave., 25 feet S*. ef
Hugo et.; size 25x95; this lot Is level and
ready for bulldtr.tr: street work and sewering
all done: situated In a growing neighborhood.
TWENTY-THIRD-ST. RESIDENCE.
No. 3330' 23d at.; lot 25x98 ft.; improvements
consist of an elegant 6-rcom house, bath and
high basement; rents for $30 per month;
$2500 mortgage can remain.
POINT LOBOS AVE BUILDING LOT.
•Southerly line of Point Lobos are., 32:6 ft.
west of 9th ave.: lot 25x100; mortgage $400.
PARK PANHANDLE FLATS.
Nos. 1522-24 Fell st.; lot 25x100; 2 beauti-
ful little flats facing Park Panhandle and
containing 4 and 5 rooms and bath; renting
for $46 per month.
1STH-ST. BUILDING LOT.
Southerly line of 18th St.. 255 ft. W. of
Eanchei st.; 2 lots, 26x114 each.
HOWARD-STREET INVESTMENT..
Northerly line of Howard St., 260 ft. E. of
Sixth St.; lot 25xS5; No. 972; old Improvements
thereon renting for $45 per month.
NATOMA-STREET INVESTMENT.
26S-26SW Natoma St.. N. line W. of Third
St.; lot 2i:6xS0; Improvements consist of 3-
story frame building containing store and 2
rooms and 4 small flats of 3 rooms each;
rent $75 per month.
For further particulars apply
EASTON. ELDRIDGE A CO.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
* REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
638 MARKET ST.
Bach one of the following pieces have been
selected with care and are guaranteed as
positive sacrifices:
$35,000— Important business corner on FIllmpTe
St.; store and 5 new flat«; rents $193
per month; a first-class Investment; ap-
praised at $40.00<X
$15,000— Pine St.. close to Van Ness ave.: 6flx
120 through to Austin ave.; Improved
with 7 two-story houses; present rent
low at $12.1; could be doubled.
$15,000 — 3 brand new flats on Portola st., near
Doboce Park; 7-7-8 rooms; porcelain
bath and 2 toilets In each flat; expensive
fixtures; concrete ; basement; rents $120;
mortgage $7200.
$13,000 — Mission flats, situated in warm belt;
built four months and rented to first-
class tenants for $102 50 per month.
$13,000 — 3 new Fell-st. flats, n,ear Park Pan-
handle; modern throughout; north side
of street; rents $1200 per annum.
$13,000 — SW. corner on Folsom St.; business
Investment; 2 stores and 2 six-room
flats; rents $1290 per annum; 35-feet
frontage.
$12,000 — Broderick-st. residence, 17. rooms;
large reception hall, billiard-room, high
finished basement; laree furnace.
$11,000 — Business corner; O'Farrell St.; close
to Octavla: store and flats above; pres-
ent rents $70;- could be Improved ani
pay well.
$10,000—2 new flats on Webster St., near
Geary; 6-10 rooms; finished attic and
basement; key lot; rents $S5 per month.
$7,200 — Business Investment on a main street;
south of Market, near Third; heavily
mortgaged and owner must sell; 4-story
building containing store and rooming-
house above.
$7,000— Western Addition residence, 8 rooms:
porcelain bath; new plumbing; a perfect
beauty; worth $10,000 easily.
$4,000 — Two flats Western Addition, renting
for $34 per month: 4 rooms and bath;
brick foundation; in perfect condition.
$3,600 — Mission cottage. 7 rooms and bath; on
tunny corner: OO-feet frontage.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
633 Market st
$1.00 PER WEEK. ™~~
Lots In the Reis Tract
are going rapidly. $125
buy» a beautiful lot.
NOTHING DOWN.
One dollar per week.
They won't last long.
Worth double the pnej
x asked.
SEE PROPERTY TO-
Take Third st. car out
Kentucky st. to the
Reis Tract. You can-
not miss 'It '-;¦-'
Sign and office on land;
rituated near the ter-
minus of Kentucky st.
oar line; 36 minutes'
Tide from Third and
Market sts.
REMEMBER,
One dollar per week
pays for a lot. No first
payment. Agents on
the cround.
Take car ride Sunday
and see property.
- .?•; Agent cn ground . (ram
.-. :./.¦¦¦ or shine) from 10 a. m.
to 5 p. ra.
REIS TRACT REAL
ESTATE CO., 629 Par-
rott building, over Em-
pcrium. Call and In-
vestigate. O P^: N
EVENINGS.
_______
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS!
$500 to $1200 — Incomparable "Oceanslde Lots":
on official grade; unobstructed view of
ocean and park; all bargains; easy terms*
. see them to-day; get oft cars cor. 47th ave.'
and H street.
$73 to $250— Near Park and ocean; $3 monthly.
Oceanslde Branch Office, cor. 40th ave. and
K st. ; open Sundays and holidays.
$500 to $1000 — Choicest' Sunset lots for build-
ing; graded and sewered; $10 monthly.
$250 to $850— Superb Richmond lots, opposite
, new "Spreckels Lake": matchless . view
don't miss this opportunity; Installments.
Sunset Branch Office on Ninth ave., near H it
$150 to $500— Level Excelsior Homestead lots;
$5 monthly.
$1200 < to $3530— Modern cottages In Sunset.
Richmond, Oceanslde and Excelsior Home-
stead districts; easy terms.
SOL. GETZ & SON, Owners and Dealers,
Room 54. . fourth floor. Chronicle : building.
S5 PER MONTH. T '
Investlgatp the City of Richmond, where the
Standard Oil Company. Santa Fe Railroad
Company. Southern Pacific Railroad Company
and numerous manufacturing plants are at
work. Lots mire . to increase In value. All
level. Maps free. - • . ;
RICHMOND LAND COMPANY.
' ¦ Crocker Building, S. F.
FOR sale;. Just j completed: 4 cozy '.homes on
Ashbury Heights; E line of Clayton St., south
Of Frederick st. ; now open for inspection.
, |«r.U. KH7VTR — riTV — FOR «tI,K.
O. H. l-MXJSEN & CO..
W ,V' -• 20 MOXTGCMEKV ST.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
The following properties of the estat- of
; Ludwlg Alttchui. deceased, will be offered
; pi our salesroom cn Monday. Karch 14, 1904.
; at I- 1 o'clock n'-on. Subject to confirmation by
¦ the £?Li-ericr court.
I . No. 1.
: NW. c^r. TownscnU st. «n3 Clarence r'aee,
i bet. "d _nJ 3d sts.. covered with frame build-
• !ns-s; large. lot. 80x12.'.: suitable for warehouse
j cr mar.uiacturins purposes.
No. 1.
I-ots 1 and 2. block 20. San Migusl Rancho
! NE. cor. of Hampshire Pt. and Serpentine
'are.; lot 77:10xaU. irregular.
Lots C40 to 649 inc.'; Gift Mas No. 2.
Lots 1445 to 1450 cf Gift IZtp No. 2.
Lots 1515 and 151C of Gift Map No. S.
No. 7.
Lou 1651 to 15:5 inc. or Gift Map No. S.
ALAilEDA 'COUNTY.
! 6E. cor. Railroad ave. and Bay St., Ala-
meda; lot S4:4i-xS4:ll. irregular.
SOLANO COUNTY.
Lots 5-0 of the south subdivision of the
BrouEinon Ranch, adjoining the town of Va-
caville.
Xo. 10.
MARIN COUNTT.
2 20-100 acre* in block 217 of tide lands in
town of New 3au_s!ito.
No. 1L
2 20-100 aor«8 In Mock 231 of tide lande in
town of Xew Sauaalito. : .. -;
No. 12.
2 20-100 acres In block 247 of tide lands in
town of New Eausallto. ;-";
No. 13.
2 20-100 acres in block 251 of tide lands in
town of New Sauialito.
No. 14.
2 20-100 acres la block 250 of tide lands in
town of New Sausalito.
OAKLAND BUSINESS PROPERTY.
NE. cor. of 7th and Willow ets.; good Im-
provements consist of 2-story frame build-
ing containing 4 stores and 6 living rooms in
t^t; upper floor srranged and utilised for
lo<Jfr«j purpce*s; Includes carpets and furni-
ture of lodgeroorns; present rents $100 per mo.;
j If properly handled could be made to yield
T ">' readily J.2C© xxr mo.; let lll.Sv_xlO4.
For catalogue and further particulars ap-
p!y to v
I O. H. UMBSEN & CO..
20 MONTGOMERY ST.
O. H. UMBSEN & CO..
„« -^ 20 MONTGOMERY ST.
JSi.OOO^ — Rents $25 c O per annum; Slxth-st. busi-
ness property; 2 frontages; store and
lodging-house.
$26,000— Fourth-st. business property; 2 etore*
and 4 flats of 7 rooms each; rents $161
i per month.
$21.00i>-Ninth-st.. clcse to Mission; lot and
improvements; 40 feet front; a splendid
buy."*
$18,000 — Good holdlrg to improve; Hyde st.;
30x137 :6.
$17,500—Pacinc ave.: marine view residence;
12 rooms, finished basement, wlneroom
tervants 1 rooms, etc.; house cost $20,-
..-^«°°° : Iot over - 30 fMt frontage.
$16,000— Rents $1530 per annum; marine view;
3 elegant, new. modern flats of 8 rooms
and bc.th each; large let, 32x128:9; in-
side of I-arkln st.
$16,000^ — Rent6 $1320 per annum: corner on La-
runa St.; 3 elegant, nearly new flats of
S-S-7 rooms and bath each; large lot;
a bargain.
$13,500— Rents $1230 per annum; Devlsadero-
et. business property; 3 elegant new
flats; 25x100.
$12.500— Rents $1350 per annum; 3 elegant "new
park flats. -
• $12,000— Rent* fl248 per annum; business cor-
ner; Mission warm belt; store, flats and
I cottage: lot 50x104.
$10,000— Rents 3»00 per annum; business cor-
ner._ Hayes Valley; 3 houses and lot
BvXTo.
$10,000— Rents $12fO per annum less only the
taxes and Insurance; near Kearny and
Iiuih sts.; brick building; a bargain
$3.000— P.ents $C8 per month, which Is very
Jaw; MfEFlon St.; one of the best busi-
ness blocks; 2 stores and 2 flats; lot 40
feet front.
; $S,000— Near Ninth and Foljom ets.; 4 fiats of
6-5-4-4 rocms and bath; rents $76; 36:6
3c55_
, $7,000— Corner on Seventeenth et.; Improve-
ments consist of store with 4 rooms and.
6 rooms in flat (rents $60) and lot "
I $6.0Crf> — Misslon-st. business location; house of
7 rocms and bath; lot 25xftO.
I i'\ZZ:O — Rents J4&S per annum; 2 flats and lot
25x127:8^; Sacramento et.
$4,600— Kents $498 per annum; 2 flats of 5
rocms and bath; Mission warm belf lot
26x100.
$4,250— Price reduced; a bargain; house of 7
rooms and stable; Jackson st • Urge lot.
27.6x110.
$3,250 — Rents $324 per annum; near Market
R nd 6eventh ets,; 2 flats of 4 rooms;
!
$3.000 — Cory cottage; Mission warm belt* on
line of electrio load; cottage of 5 rooms
and bath, brick foundation, etc.; 25x114.
$1,750— Rents $204 per annum; near Pacific
and Taylor sts.; double frontage; 2
houses of 5 rooms each.
Fcr further particulars of the above and for
the Real Estate Record, containing a list of
properties for rale in all parts cf the city in-
quire at our office.
O. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
-.r-.; . I 20 Montgomery St.,
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
j DESIRABLE, sunny building lets, clcse to Du-
boce Park; bituminlred streets; lots level and
ready to build on; a rare chance to obtain a
holding admirably situated and close to the
city at a very reasonable price; diagram,
price and all further particulars at our of-
fice.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
20 Montgomery, st.,
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
A. J. RICH & CO., Real Estate Agents.
112 Mont-ornery st.
$100,000.
A grand investment, consisting of resi-
dences. corerlDg a full 50 vara; paying 7 per
i cent net.
$00,000.
An opportunity to buy a Third-it, piece of
property near Market st.
$30,000.
Grand Western Addition corner; residence:
overlooking. Alta plaza.
$19,000.
O'Farrell at.; 5 flats: near Pierce st.; lot
60 feet front: rents Sl.%2 to per month.
$5,000.
$10,000.
$19,000.
A fine building lot: a residential corner and
two magnificent apartments must be sold:
north side Jackson st.. near Baker; make an
offer.
$14,500.
California St., near Laguna; fine large res-
idence; lot 84:4%xl37:6: reduced from $18,500.
mils St.: 3 modern up-to-date flats; rents
$117 60.
$14,000.
A great corner for flats; 75x100; SW. cor. of
Dericadero and Golden Gate ave.
$7500.
Four apartment house: paying $75 p-r
rconth: a snap; call at once If you desire "a
bargain.
$6500— Jackson st.: flne marine view; corner
I lot: overlooking Presidio; 32x117.
$5800 — Clay eL, between Devleadero and
i Brcderick; lot 27:6x137:6; house of 8 rooms
and bath.
$5600— McAllister St.. near Central ai-e.; lot
60x137:6.
$5000 — Jackson-st. lot, near corner of
Baker: ready for building; a residence or flats,
$4750 — Devisadero St., /near Geary; cottage
house; 27x90.
A. J. RICH & CO..
112 Montgomery «t.
HAWKS A. SKELTON. ~
j Rents Collected and Entire Charge Taken of
, Property.
I $210,000 — Investment on Bush st. : splendid
! apartment house paying 8 per cent net
! on long lease guaranteed; particulars
1 at office." T»fcB
I $50,000 — Investment on Fillmore St.: new
fiats: flnt-claes la every way, paying
8 t>er cent net per annum; call at our
j office for full details.
: $7,000 — Residence, Octsvia St.. near Broad-
' way; 7 rooms and bath; has a view of
bay; 25x137.
$r.,r.CO — Lot on north line of Clay st.. near
Webster; '35x127:8; flne, location and
size for fiats.
$7,200— Marine vjew lot; Hyde at., near
Chrstput; 3C:?xllO; very Jlne'vlew as-
sured; new building on each side of it.
$5,000 — Let on southwest corner of L«rkln
and Lombard en.; 25x105; magnificent
: marine view from every window.
$3.0W>— Lot, Franklin et.. near Filbert: 53x
; ICO: street sewered;, a bargain.
: ' $1,750 — Lot. east nlde cf De Long ave., near
Wnller: '-t-so.
J HAWKS & BKELTON. 323 Montgomery st.
J REMOVAL notice or GEO. W. H. PATTER-
i SON'S real estate, and flre insurance office to
room 202, Examiner building, about March
1 10. 1001. I am now located strictly In the
j business portion of this great city and there
i is no business too large or too email for me
, to Ivtr.til*- and hone to have the pleasure of
Fervid all my old patrons as well as many
; new «.i:cs. : Thanking* you fcr all past favors.
', $21,000— COrtNETt on Golden Gate ave.: 5
new modern flats: magnificently finlehed; 2
.fine large finished eoclal rocms' In base-
ment: electric . lights and switches to all
rooms; extra servants' . hath In larcre flats;
fine larjra stable. tliorouRhly sanitary; lot
:57:CxlOO; rents $1!K> p«r month steadv. ' Ad-
dress Or.rer. box -24CV Call.
INCOME prorerty; sooth cr Market and China-
town; homes Richmond. Suneet, Mission elis-
trlrti; printed list city and country properly;
exchanges. W. J. While, • 2<J Montgomery, r.5.
I R . SAI> ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALE.
i BALDWIN &. HOWELL.
i iS POST ST.
I $0,000 — Ixjtta st.. rear Parnassus ave. ; 2-story,
attic and basement dwelling containing
a roorrs and bath; lot 30x11*1.
j $4.100 — Dupont-etreet corner; lot 77:6x50;
dwelling cf 12 rooms. '
: $1S,000— San .!cse ave., near Twe rdm fourth *t.:
let 80~90..to r-ar street; cPv building
'¦ contain Ing *» f?»arate apartments; rents
$132 Z0 vct n»;ntb.
$1.MSO— fan J< »i ave. near Sunnyside; lot 30x
123 fj> rear street; new cottage of 5
rooms and bath, -gas and water: cn
electric lins; terms can be arranged.
$"2,000 — Valencia St., near Seventeenth; lot
: 73x.S7 :«; 2-stcry and baeement build-
Ins container 4 stores and 4 flats;
I brick foundation, sidewalk, elevator,
etc.; rents $l'"0.
I $7,;00— EllLs -t.. near Killmore; lot 22:8*
137:6; revUier.ee of 7 rooms and bath
and hixh basement; rent $45.
$5,530— McAllister .«t.. near First ave.; 2 new
fiats of 0 roims and bath each; rente
${8 per month.
$-1.500 — Ninth a\e., rear H »t.; lot 23x120;
store and 4 rooms and bath.
$3,000 — Eighteenth et.. n-ar Folsom; lot 24x
100: 3 Cats of J, 3 and u room* and
bath each: rents $43 50. ¦
$3,500 — Sanchez m., near Market; lot 25x125;
Tranic builainir occupied as Chinese
laundry; r*nt $22 CO.
$1.100— Tenth ave., ntur O St.; lot 25x120,'
cottage of 3 rooms.
UNIMPROVED.
51, "50 — Fourth ave., near Lake «t. : 25x120.
• $6.000— Polk st.. near Vallejo; 50x100.
i ?2,200 — I st.. near Eighth ave.; DOxlOO.
i $12,5CO— Fulton «t.. corner of Polk; 100x120;
: 3 frontages.
I $2,000— Wnshingtcn st.. near First ave.; 2S:6x
127:8.
! $3.jr<>— oek »t.. near Lyon; 25x110.
I $!,It<> — Tay!or-stre«i corner: 27:6x70. •
j S^.000— Entire o-tside land block; 240x600.
$S,OGO— Ftiltun rt., near. Pclk; 27:«xl20;
1 double frc«ntage.
$1,000— Hampshire et., near Twenty-third; lot
26x1 CO.
$10.CC'>— Ridley, corner of Noe; 55x100.
] $500 — Georgia st., corner of Army; 60x100.
: $550 — Crewvr.t a\e.. near Mission; 23x100.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS MARINE VIEW
P.ESIDENCE SITES.
Fellirg fast: Prices most reasonable. Terms
to suit.
Property and streets on official grades; fewer
work done; see the buildings now going on in
• block.
Bounded by Vallejo, Green, Broderick and
Baker streets. Select your building site. For
further lnrormaticn. npply at office
BALDWIN & HCWELL,
, 25 POST STREET.
MADISON & BURKE,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
ESTABLISHED JANUARY. 1858.
50 Montgomery St. .. .Opposite Lick House.
$13,000 — Devisadero rt. : store and flats; lot 30x
£2:0; new building; rent $150.
$34,000 — Fine business corner on DeTigadero
.*;:, _t.; rent $2400 per annum and tenants
make all repairs and. pay water extra;
lot 30_K>0 feet.
$30.000 — Inside business property; on Third St.;
. .rent t~-hi) per annum.
$7,500 — Sacramento et., north line, near
Steiner; 9-room house, in flne condition;
this is a. nice home. " ; 'V>,
$13,600— Thirte-sr.ih St., near Market; 6 flats;
annual rents $1284: lot 10 feet front.
$12,C00 — Pest «t.; two large, well constructed
houees; very large lot.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
$9,000—6 flats and store below; near Sixth
and Brannan sts. ; rent $S6 per month;
new building.
FINE LOCATION FOR PHTSICIAN.
$11,000 — Sutter St., near a transfer corner; 10-
room residence, in flne condition; large
lot; 27:6x137:0 feet.
$5,C0O — Cottage nnd lot; Bartlett sL. near
Tw?nty-fir«t; 6 rocms and bath; all lat-
est improvements.
LOTS
$10,S0Ct-Half 50-vara. 68:9x137:6; Broadway,
near Fillmore st. : grand marine view.
$4,200 — Steiner St., near O'Farrell; 25x100:3.
$4,600 — Chattanooza St., near Twenty-third;
large lot, 65x117:6 to rear street.
$2,500— Dolores'st., near Twenty-third; 25-foot
'¦ lot running to street in rear; must sell
to close estate.
$4,500— Noe Ft., 1 block from Market; 2 lots,
00x120; cheap.
Lots 27:6x1-17:9, on Sutter St., between Steiner
and Pierce. • * '*
Building lots, northeast corner Golden Gate
ave. and Baker St.; in sixes to suit;
prices from $2000 upward.
Three lots. each»27:6xl37:6, on south line of
Geary et., new Killmore. ;
i MADISON & BURKE.
j SO Montgomery St., opp. Lick House.
W. J. GUNNV
630 CALIFORNIA STREET,
(Savings Union Building.)
$50,000^ — Pacific Heights; marine view lot; two
corners; one a northeast corner, 27." x
137:6; basalt blocks; 3 frontages; Ideal
site to build on; takes In view gf the
hills of three counties and Islands of
the bay.
I $13.700— Pacific Heights lot: 68:9x108; over-
, looks the Presidio and the bay.
! PACIFIC HEIGHTS.
$3,0fX> — Northwest corner; marine view very
flne; larxe lot; fronts over 100 feet on
sunny side of street; looks into Pre-
eldio; earn pass; C flats can be built
very cheap.
$10.000— Webster-«t. corner: 110x100.
$9.500 — Broderick at.; 2 flats. ; '. i-
$5,000 — Lake s.t.; 5 lots; 25x100: flne pur-
chase for a builder.
$3,000 — Lake-st. corner: 32:6x100; now re-
quired for a sToeery. as the ¦ locality
needs it badly; bouses going up in all
directions and no grocery within blocks.
$2,100 — Webstcr-et. corner; 25x100;. ea»y ln-
Btallmentn; $25.
$9,000— Baker St.; NW. corner: 137:6x137:8;
cars paes; cheapest corner in W. A.
$C,500 — Larkin »t.: 2 flats. »
$4,000^ — Point Loboe-ave. corner; 45x100; 2-
-tory building. "*>
$l,S0O for 3 lots; \-ery cheap; 25x120; 21st
ave., near Point Lobos ave.; street
graded and macadamized; few steps
from electric cars on Clement: $200 first
payment, $50 per month; complete ab-
Rtract of title Issued by the California
Title Insurance and Trust Company
down to date rocs with lots.
$1,050 for 2 lots; 25x120; near Point Lobos
ave.: $100 first payment, $40 per month;
cheap.
$900— Lot on California st.
j $5,000 — Corner on Clement: 32:6x100.
I $5,600— Correr on Clement; 75x120.
I Sixth ave., north of Lake; 25x120; owners
I ¦ want to sell.
$2,400—3 flne lots; 30x120: marine view: 21st
i avenue, south of Lake; payable in ln-
! stallroents.
$3,000 — Tenth avenue; 57:6x100; NW. corner;
! a choice lot: marine view.
$363 for a lot 25x120; cars pass on Cle-
ment within a few steps.
$1,900 — Corner on Lake St.; 32:6x100; flne
marine view.
$000 — L_>ts on B St., near Ninth ave.
I $900 — Lots on Eighth ave.; cars pass.
Property north of the park in large and small
subdivisions, on all the avenues.
W. J. GUNN, v*
B80 CALIFORNIA ST.
$500 only for beautiful lot cn finished street;
bet. Valencia and Castro sts.
$650; larra corner. 80x100, on the grade,
San Jose ave., at Ocean View.
$76 each; 2 level lots at Ingleside.
$2500; medern cottage. 5 rooms and bath;
lot 25x114; warm belt of Mission; make offer.
$1500; well-built cottace on State st., near
Seventeenth, with 5-room cottage; lot 25x123.
$5000; 2-story house, 7 rooms, bath and
stable; large lot, 30x187; near Oak r.nd Fill-
more sts.
$8000; reduced: extra- well-builf 2-atory
bay-window house; 10 rooms and bath; In
flne order: laree lot 42:4x137:6; sunny side
of Pine St.; best bargain in Western Ad-
dition.
$15,000; sacrifice: to close estate; 4-story
brick on Cloy st. ; stores and lodging; rents
$1500; to be increased.
$10,600; Howard St.. near Seventh; busi-
ness lot, 60x90, with old improvements; near
new DostofP.ee: bound to increase In value.
ROTHERMEL & CO., 507 California st.
RAYMOND, ARMSTRONG St CO..
Room 2. seventh floor, Mills Building.
$35 0C0 — Turk ct., old Improvements; lot 50x
S7:6. —
$35,00c< — Pacific Heights; very choice corner,
C€xl37:6; fine marine view.
$15,0C0 — Ncrth oide of Clay st., near Maple;
modern residence. 10 rooms; vtry sun-
ny; very attractive; substantial and well
finished; colonial architecture.
$4,000— Firrt ave., between Golden Gate ave.
nnd Turk st. ; house Just finished; up to
date; not occupied; 9 large rooms, toilet,
bathroom, etc.
$6,600 — Second ave. ;• new buildlnr; 2- flats;
7 and 7 rooms: all rented, $30 each;
these are just finished and up to date
In every particular."^^Av- : 'j^_apHB_fa
RAYMOND. ARMSTRONG & _O.. '
Mills Building.
I I WANT to buy ~ '
2 vacant lots or .-„ ,> ,\ .
A lious-f and lot
in the Sunset District.
State location and price.
CHEAP lots;.22d and Douglass st*.. near new
I ¦ schoolhouse: 25x125; * 50 down. ¦ balance same
K as rent. EASTON. ELDRIDGE ¦;
THB^CMj
gOSS 3. S_?BEC_CE__S. Fropriiitor^
Ham [£&immnmiaiWV*B&
V.. J. MAKTIN" Business Manager
TELEPHOX^g
A«- frr Tlir CALL. The Oper*l->r w «' <_"»•
tcct You Witr. the Dep_rtr_«_l You VUsh.
r_t::catlen Office Market and Third. P. F.
r.'.tcrial r.oora 217 to 221 Suvenson *t,
C»::\»:e1 b- rente™. 20 Ct«. Per Wrek. 78
Cts. I'cr Mcsth. E!n_-> Copies 5 Cent"
T«-rin_ fcy Slatt. inc!i:d!nir Positse vCatlJ >.itn
Order; : ._ r- ,
DAILY ''AL', (ir.'-tu't. Sunday). 1 ytar. ..»¦¦•*•
:>AILY CAl.i. <i-r; U (j. s_!_day>. 6 mo*--- *_™
PAII.T CALL— l?y P.ngle Month 'j£
FCXPA.T CALL. 1 T-ar 2 £J
«TE_CK LY CALL. 1 Year • *-*«
FCitt'IKV ( Daily... $«>« Per Year Ex>re,
i.J~ ? ¦•- 4 Sun-ay. 4.15 Per Tear Extra
! """ l( "- UvcVwiy. 1.00 Tcr Year Extra
ALL POCTMASTEKS AKE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Surr'.e Ccjle. will be forwarded when re- .
Q-J'Sled.
Mail subscribers in ordering change of a3-
rf'e»» nr-o-lij br particular to give both MTVv
A NO OLD ADDHESS In order to Insure a :
TTcmpt and correct co-apilanc. with their re- j
s-e«t.
|
OAKLAND OFFICE. ;___;
-IIS Eresfiway Telephone Main 1083
BEP.KELEY OFFICE. ¦
fUS Octer S:r«tt Telethon* Narta 77
CORRESPONDENT, ;
6AMUEI, W. WALL Hotel BaJtea ;
NTW YORK NEWS STANDS:
We!.orf-Astcrla Hotel; A. Bretano, 81 ;
Utlcn 6Qusr»; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-are- |
eve Ectel and Heffciaa House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS: !
e&ercaan House: P O. New* Co.: Oreat ,
Northern Hotel: Trerooot Ho_s«: Auditorium ;
Hcte. 1 ; Paitcer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C GEOr.GE KEOGNESS..Marq,_ette Butldll-f
<Lorx Dlitacce Telephone, "Central Wit.")
______ .„ »_
NEW TOP.IC P.QPP.ESENTATIV_C:
fTEPEHX B. SMITH 30 Tribune BuiMll*« j
NEW TORK COPJtBSPONDENT: j
C C. CARLTON Herald Square j
BrsINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco I
Call, corcer Market and Third streets: open
snt:i 12 o'clock every right In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
IOC? Market street. oppo-He Fifth; cpen ustU
U p. m.
e_T Mostccmery .treet. corner Clay; open o»-
Til 8:30 p. m.
R°0 Rave* ftrtet; cpen ccUl 8:50 p. m. !
'•S3 McAliiner street; epen until 9*30 p. m. i
C1C Lerkia ftreet: cpen until »:30 p. m.
1941 MI*s:on street; cpen until 10 p. m.
22fl Market street corner Sixteenth; open ca-
tll 8 p. m.
10* E'.evecth ttreet; open until 9 p. — l
1C96 Valencia street: open until 0 p. tn.
Noriheafft core er Chcrch acd Duncan streets;
OS«e _ctll >;._.
.»orifcwest correr ef Twenty- second and Kea«
tcckr streets; open until 9 p. tn.
ggAI^ _EfTATjs-—Crj-Y— -gOf^SAJLE.
BOAP.DMAN BKOS. & CO..
Real Estate Arent*.
1SS Montgomery st.
$43,000 — 3d-tt. ccrr.«-r , lcride of Foisom; frame
building; payir.p $150; a large lot; great
improvemsnts po'r.g up on this street.
$27.500 — Howard st.. n»ar 2d; large lot; double j
frcr.tage; eld improvements; the rapid :
development of this district sjak«-s It a '
rr.cs-t desirable one fcr Investment,
ICO.CO'J — iwi-rt. lot: 50 feet frontage: nominal
rental; nothing better on 3d et.
$15,000 — Greenwich «., near Taylor; marine- '
view property: 2 flne houses and large
lot; rents readily for over $100.
$I4.500^-Near McAllister and Baker tie. ; 3 new
handsome fiats; electric lights; open
Tombing, etc.; rays $103 50 a month.
$13,000 — Near Grove and Van N*5« ave. ; 3 good
fumy fiats; rents $"J0; old tenants and
rents low.
$13. ("00 — Western Addition: key lot: two new :
fists: -»<ry har.d?o— le; rent $100.
$12.500 — Fine Mission investment: good street;
6 fists in excellent condition; $1362 per
«bsu— i; ever 9 per cent net. ;-
$3.f«Xi — 3d-M. business property; rmall lot with
jroo-1 improvements; $.%0 rent; can be in-
created.
IS.000 — W>«eni Addition: NE. corner: store ;
a-d flat?; $$7»3 per annum: 9 p?r cent net.
tT.5<!*> — Chinatown Investment ; good brick Im- |
provements: $70 a month, and the base- ¦
ment will bring $10 more.
17.500^ — Teharr.a i<t.. near 5th: large lot; first-
claft Improvements; $S*S a year; always
rented: there is r.o better buy than this
un the market.
$t.<W — Nat^ma-yt. flats In good condition;
rent $120 j*?r annum.
.
j: 7 t. '«'. — Octavia *- T : handvome 9-room real-
cence; run in every room: large, h%.-.d-
tont garden: marine view.
$T'.CO0— Clou* to Fulton and Ecctt sts.; large
lot end good it-room bouse: this la a snap
_jid should be investigated at once.
$*.75O — Jackson. *north line, near Buchanan;
*ttractive modern 8-room houee.
$-*.<T^i — New. *unny modern home; Presidio
Heijrhts-: 6 roonu; fine location.
S7.000: Shot well ft.; g-room house and large
barn; *0-foot lot.
I i.7.- r , — Bert block on McAllister et., north
lin«. west of Steiner: no grading; shel-
tered from w!n_*; 27:C-foot lot.
$3,500— Marine-view lots. 27:6x127. in a
choice district; this is a rare opportunity
»o have an extensive, unobstructed bay
view at a low flrore. ¦
$1. COO — lst-a\-e. lota, near t> et.: lots well lo-
cated It: a growing district.
$1, W0— 43th ave.. near Golden Gate Park; good
bu»in«=s location; a snap.
BOARDMAN EROS. A CO.,
13S Montgomery et.
BURNHAM & MAREH CO., '
211 MONTGOMERY ST.
IN WHOLESALE CENTER.
$117,000^ — 111 ft. frontage; grand corner facing
3 streets; about 14,000 sq. ft. of land.
A SNAP.
$50, 000— Howard st, near Second; 'SzSOxlCO.
MAKE A TURN.
JfT.OOO — In wholesale center; good location
for efflce bullAlnjr; larxe lot, MxSO;
cbeap at $78,000.
CHEAPEST BUY ON LARKIN STREET.
HAS BIO FUTURE.
$2£,O0O— P.ect $193 a month ; fine new lm-
provemects; large lot; no leases;
rectel low.
MUST BE BOLD.
$S,600 — Bent $47 SO a month; 2 flats on
wide (treet. cloee to Sd st.; soon be
bus'secE property; a pick-up.
PATS 1 PER CENT A MONTH.
412.S0O— Rents $130 &0 a month; clcse to Van
Ness are.; 2 fronts.
ARTISTIC FLATS.
$6.S0O — Recte $55 a month; cloee to Goldta
Gate Park; fine view; nothing eo cheap
for the money.
CHOICE RESIDENCE
PARK PANHANDLE.
$7,173 — Beautiful modern residence of B
rooms and bath; hard ¦wood finish and
all latest improvements.
BURNHAM & MARSH CO..
211 Montgomery street.
NELSON. JOHNSON & CO..
205 Montgomery St.. opp. Mills bldg.
BARGAINS IN REAL ESTATE.
Foreclosure. Probate and Forced Sales of All
Kinds Will Be Found In Our
UP TO DATE BUYERS 1 GUIDE.
An illustrated monthly catalogue, contain-
ir* a carefully selected list cf cheapest proper-
ties offered en the market in every location.
Send us vour address and we will mail you one
NELSON. JOHNSON & CO..
205 Montgomery St.. opp. Mills bldg.
MM0 — MUFT be sold at once; Mission fiats.
near Twenty -seventh and Sanchez; pays
good Interest: all la good order.
CS399 — r.rmi> $IC0O per year; Sacramento near
Spruce; flre fiats; great bargain.
$i£C0- Lot cn Valencia St., near Sixteenth;
tutrcit bid; extra site.
$00<«— Ren's $S40; fine investment- growing
distrn'v: must be so!d; Sacramento et
near Erruce.
3£cEW_N BROS.. US Montgomery «t.
iliOO-nUEH st.. east of Mason, north
tide: »-2:fi front by 120 deep to alley; old lm-
proventente.
S25.CQ0— rrcadwey; P7:6 front by 137:6 feet
<1c«"p. with entrance frcra i Pacific "ave.; mag-
nlScest and unobstruct**d view
HAMILTON CTBOWIE JR .
Ml and 302 Hearst building.
fniO— COTTAGE of 5 rooms, bath and basc-
ttT«ni; Jt-rsey st.. ntar Diamond; near car
lir.c.
'. I-hjii— EurrUa-*t. cottage . of 8 rooms and
be«-rr»ni ; !ot .V>sI2O; bargain. JOSEPH
fcrrnAUB. «SO Market at.
BITl-D cn veer* unimproved realty: we Icaa
felt ro-t Improv. and part lot at C D-r cen*
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crockfr building"
LADY giijir to ?t. Lotila r.i'i tacrir.ee two
rttrlec iotj- nerr fioMre Gat« Tarfc; part
-crli. Vc\ IWM, Call offlvt. Oakiar.d.
mrn-r-PTT AGE 4 room*. bathTlirn~ irw*.
»»V; 1"" 1S»:V\JH: .i snap: Valky «.. near
.¦¦Church.' MISSION KEALTY CO.. 2 20th st
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR
EHAINWALD. BUCKBEE A CO..,
218-220 MONTGOMERY 6T.
$7,200 — Baker et.. near Clay; cottage of 6
roonw; bath;' large lot, 40x137:0 feet.
$7,700— Reduced from $5,500. Sutter St., near
Gough; substantial residence of S rooms
and bath; lot 25x110 feet; a great bar-
caln.
$6,000— Clay st.. near Webster: residence of 9
rocms and bath; lot 25xlC2:4'j leet; lot
Is situate on a corner of a public al-
ley; Hg-ht and sun on three sides.
$17,500— Van Nee« ave.. near Vallejo St.; beau-
tiful modern residence; every conven-
ience; first fioor; large reception hall,
living room, dining room. In oak; but-
ler's pantry, kitchen, etc.; 4 bedrooms.,
2 bathe; - attic has. 3 bedrooms; lot 40
¦feet front; permit at office.
$3,250 each: Filbert M.. n*ar Scott: magnifi-
cent marine view; lots 27:5xl37:«J feet
each, and corner 55x137:6 feet.
$7,500 — Jackson, near Central ave.; grand key
lot, 60x127 :SVi feet; ready to build on.
$10,600— Hyde st.. rear Sutter; fine residence
of 10 rooms and bath; rents for $50 a
r->onth.
$13,600 — Guerrero St.. near Fifteenth; 3 new
flats. Just finished; C-T rooms and bath;
all the latest improvements; rents $120
per month; lot 25x131:0 feet.
$15,000— Franklin «t.. near Pacific ave.; new
2-etory residence about I year old; large
drawing rooms, reception hall, hardwood
floors and tiled ! grates; Spanish cedar
wainscoting, beamed ceilings, butler's
pantry, kitchen, etc. : 4 bedrooms, large
closet, bath, etc.; beautifully finished:
2 servants' rooms: basement contains
laundry, storeroom, etc.: lot 27:6x92
feet; full particulars at office.
$20,C0O— Washington St.; NW. corner, opposite
Alia plaza; beautiful 2-story attic and";
basement residence, ccntalning salon ;
parlors, dlnlns-room. butler's pantry, ,
kitchen, etc.; 5 bedrcome, bath; 2 bed-
roorcs In attic; house 4 years old; elec-
tric lclhts; e->cted woods for all in-
terijr woodwork; concrete basement;
plenty of eun; e!-gant view; lot 27:6x110
feet.
$40,CCO— Montgomcry-st. corner: improvements
consist of 3-story brick building of about
£0 rooms: leased 5 years at $200 per
moAth; lease guaranteed: other Improve-
ments, frame, renting for J85 per month:
portion of lot vacant and rtady to build
on; lot is 11.1:6x137:6 feet, with L 24x
73:6 feet. This Is one of the finest In-
vestments ever offered on this street.
$3,500 — Gulden Gate ave.. near Scott st.. sub-
stantial 2-story residence of 6 rooms and
bath; lot 27:€xll0 feet; a bargain.
$11.000 — Mason st., ntar Vallejo; 3-etory brick
building of flats, 4-5 rooms; 7 tenants;
rents. $87; lot, 4S:0xlO0 feet; only half
of lot Is imoroved; tenement could be
built In rear, which would double the
rents.
$8,000— Webster St.. near Clay; flne residence;
9 rooms and bath; large basement; now
renting for $50; key lot, _5:SUxlOO feet:
will sell on easy terms; full particulars
at office.
$15,500— Rents $141 50 a month; 3 new flats,
7-8-S rooms and bath; Sacramento St.,
near Fillmore; lot 25:9_13_:SVi feet;
new fiats.
$5,250 — Natoma St., near Ninth; 4 flats; rents
$50; this property Is In excellent condi-
tion; all grood, prompt-paying tenant*:
no repairs necessary; no danger of va-
cancies; a good, safe buy; lot 25x75 feet.
$17,000— Second-st. corner, near Harrison; 70x
95 feet: flne *lte for factory or ware-
house purposes.
$12,500— California st. near Hyde; frame Im-
provements; lot 50x110:6 feet; hand-
some location to improve.
$5,250 — Mose .st. bet. Elxth and Seventh, near
Folsom; 2 flats, 5 and 6 rooms and bath;
rents $40; lot 24x250 feet.
Get a copy of our printed list of properties
for eal«.
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE & CO..
Real Estate Agents,
218-220 Montgomery Street.
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE COMPANY.
513 CALIFORNIA ST.
CORNER FRANKLIN AND OLIVE AVE.
$30,000 — 00x137:6; corner Franklin it. fcnd
Olive ave.; splendid location for flats or apart-
ments.
CORNER STOCKTON AND UNION STS.
$18,000 — Stores and flats, renting for $1536
per annum. >'-*•> "
DEVISADERO-ST. FLATS.
$12,500 — 25x86:11: Devisadero-st., near Turk;
5 new flats, renting for $100 per month.
MeALLISTER-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$13,500—28:0x137:6; McAllister, near Buch-
anan: well built building consisting of store
and 2 flats; renting for $!KJ 50 per month.
FELL-ET. HOME.
16250 — Fell st., near Buchanan; substantial
house of 0 rooms and bath.
COR. ELEVENTH AVE. AND LAKE ST.
$7600—72x107:6; NE. cor. llth> ave. and Lake
St., coming fashionable section of city.
VALLEJO-ST. CORNER.
$7500— NW. cor. of Vallejo and Pollard: Im-
provements consist of flats renting for $63 per
month.
GREEN'-ST. BUILDING LOT.
$5000—61:6x137:6; Green st., east of Octavla.
BUSH-ST. LOT.
$4250—27:6x137:6; Bush St.. near Steiner ;
key lot; surroundings first class.
BOARDMAN-PLACE INVESTMENT.
. $.1750— Boardman place, near Bryant st. ; Im-
provements consist of 3 fiats and stable; rent-
ing for $42 per month.
COR. MONTGOMERY AVE. AND MASON.
$3500 — NW. cor. Montgomery ave. and Mason
st.; 4S feet on Montgomery ave.: old improve-
' —
CHEAP ASHBURY HEIGHTS LOTS.
$1650 each — 25x137:6; an unsurpassed line of
lots on either Clayton or Carl sts.; only a few
more left In this block; cars pass the property.
UNITED BANK AND TRUST COMPANY.
Real Estate Department,
236 Bush st.. Mills Building.
THREE RICHMOND FLATS. i
— — — — ¦ I
$8,250 — Three modern, up-to-date flats of 4-5-
6 rooms and bath each; only 1 block
from car line; rents $54 per month.
MODERN FLATS CLOSE TO DUBOCE PARK
$S,500 — Three modern flats of 4-5-8 rooms and
bath each: in very desirable location:
¦treet work all done; steadily rented
for $70 per month; rooms all light and
sunny.
WESTERN ADDITION BUY.
$22,000 — Fine modern residence of 12 rcoms:
on Ellis 'st.. close In, with large lot;
plenty of room to put up 6 fiats; lot
over 60x120, with 2 frontages.
CHEAP MISSION FLATS.
$4,800 — Two good flats of fl-7 rooms and bath
each; large lot. 28x100; street bltumln- '
Ized; handy to car lines; close to Twen- |
ty-fourth «t. and Bryant ave.; rents $50
, ptr month.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
$4,000— Old Improvements, consisting of two
separate houses renting for $49 per
month; good prospective value for this
property.
NEW RICHMOND FLATS.'*.
¦ . ¦ - - 1
$7,500 — Three new. modern flats, with all the
latest conveniences; these are very at-
tractive bay-window flats and are
rented for $80 per month.
RICHMOND RESIDENCE.
$3,600 — Medern residence of 7 extra large
rooms with bath: all latest improve-
ments; built one year ago: gas and elec-
tric fixtures; large yard; handy to all
. cars. .
-UNITED BANK AND TRUST COMPANY,
-' (Real Estate Department.)
236 Bush St., Mills Building.
B. GETZ >:"-V Room 22 Chronicle Bldg.
Owner and Dealer.
New Lots. . New Lots.
4Sth ave., east line, facing the ocean.
Between K and L sts.
Graded and fenced: ready to build on.
On Easy Monthly Payments.
See them at once. Choice and cheap.
$60 to $400— Ocean Heights and Boulevard lots.
$300 to $500 — Graded lOth-ave. Boulevard lots.
$350 to $1000— Choice Sunset & Richmond lots.
$75 to $100^-Level Ocean View lots; city water.
$150 up — New Excelsior Homestead lots,
, The finest In the district; city water.
$1000 to $5000 — Modern houses and cottages.
Splendid Bargains on Easy Terms.
Call at ray office, room 22, second floor.
Chronicle Building..
POINT RICHMOND LOTS.
NOW IS THE TIME TO BUY '
¦ • WILL. DOUBLE IN VALUE.
SANTA FE TRACT.
$5 ¦ PER ¦ MONTH. ALL LEVEL.
McEWEN BROS., 118 Montgomery st.
- , ¦ SOLE AGENTS.
FOR sale — Fine 2-story- residence, 3S 18 Twen-
ty-second St.; near Castro: 6 rooms and bath;
high' basement: fine view; party wishes to
leave city; no agents. SIEMSi?
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
SPECK & CO., ,.-.->• ct
209 MONTGOMERY ST.
SCO MONTGOMERTY ST.
2C8 MONTGOMERY ST.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS AND RENT COL-
LECTORS.'
$110,000— Rents $3CW annually; secured l« ! *j
modern building: vicinity Taylor and
Bush; lot 6:.xir57:6 feet; exceptionally
good investment.
$47 50O— Second-st. corner; Hi blocks from
Market St.: 122 feet frontage on two
streets: greatest bargain downtown;
same corner on Third st. would easily
bring $75, CCO.
$12 SCO CASH ONLY. .
$37,5CO-Bank mortgage $25,000; Eddy st.^nr.
Larkin: e8:»xl37:«: rents $215; posi-
tively mu»t b« sold.
POLK-ST. BUSINESS PROPER-Y.
$25 CCO— Stores and apartments: 40 Ue\ front-
age; rents ?1SO: pays over . p-r cent
f> pf!r 1 'cent business property.
$20,0CO-2 elores and '-^^'S-^'-^ttnv
rents $1500: lot 20x05: »«>.eOj> bank
mortgage can remain; vic_nit> tun »-•-*
Polk sts. „_
i, > . HAIGHT-ST. CORNER
$1S,000— Must be sold; flneat bulld.ng; first-
class tenants; rents $1800 annually; lot
30 feet frontage.
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT. ».-
$16,500— O'Farrell St.. east of Van Ness ave. .
pays 10 per cent net by assuming *» f^ w
bank mortgage; rents $115; lot Z«- p *
12O; 2 frontages; cheapest buy east or
Van Ness ave. .
$13,500— Modem flats near Fillmore and
Waller »ts.; rents $122; lot 60 feet
frontage. __
BIG INTEREST- PAYING FLATS.
$_5 000— Corner; Western Addition; rents $230;
lot 37:6x<!5; splendid new but:d!ng.
$22,500 — One-half block from Market et. :
rents $171; fine Improvements; lot 75x
ICO. .
$19,000— Annual rents $21S3; Golden Gate
ave.; modern bay-window flats; lot 50x
137:6.
$13.500— .Rents $1110 yearly; 4 new flats, near
Park Panhandle; lot 37:6x112:6.
$10,000— Two beautiful Po*t-st. flats: close to
Gough; SO feet frontage; always rented;
yearly rents $000.
$9 250 — Rents *£>6 50; bustness property near
Sixth and Harri3on sts.; lot has two
frontages. .. ",v
$S,250— McAllister- st. flats; rents $0_O
yearly; lot 20x137 :6.
SPECK & CO..
2C9 MONTGOMERY ST.
F. B SURKTHNE.
REAL. ESTATE AGENT.
13S MONTGOMERY ST.
$15,500 — Clay St.. near Devisadero; 8 ex-
ceedingly choice flats of 7 rooms and batn
each; renting lor $132 50 per month.
$13.000— Reduced from $15,000 to make an
Immediate sale; Van Ness ave.. near Broad-
way; 2 flne flats; rents nearly $100 per month;
key lot 25:9x100.
$11.000— Close to Haight and Pierce; 3 swell
flats of C rooms and bath each; rents $&5 per
month.
$0500— Will submit a reasonable offer; Pase
St., sunny side, near Devisadero; flne 2-story
residence, 7 rooms and bath: lot 25x137:6;
owner about to leave city: means to sell.
$900 — California St.. near Larkin; 2-story
residence, 9 rooms and bath: lot 25x87:6 feet:
flat mortgage of SC500 can temain if desired;
must be sold.
$6000— Eighteenth ft., near Castro; hand-
some modern cottage. 8 rooms and bath; lot
25x100; this price Includes flne furniture, a
$400 piano and $300 billiard table.
?1.150 — Snap: Diamond st.. near 17th; nice
bulldirs lot. 24:8x125.
T925O — Folsom St.. near 12th; 3 flne modern
flats, 6 rooms each; 'rents $75 per month; lot
25x80. . '
$4500— Folsom st.. near 11th; Cn» residence.
11 rooms and bath; bargain.
J4000 — Laguna-st. corner; 2 flats, 4 rooms
each; rents $32 50.
$9230 — Corner on Putter St.. inside of Fill-
more: substantial house. 7 rooms and bath:
lot 27:6x93; mortgage of $4oOO can be had if
desired; not another corner on Sutter st. for
sale.
Get my March catalogue for particulars of
properties fcr sale In all parts of the city.
Some good things this month.
1 can sell you a choice building lot for $1400.
close to Hals-ht and Baker sts.: siie 25x1 IS;
also lots fronting- on Devisadero and 'Waller
sts. and Ruena Vista ave., surrounded by
some of the choicest homes In the city. If
you comtemplate buying a lot don't fall to
look at this property before so doing.
TITLE INSURANCE AND TRUST COMPANY.
410 MONTGOMERY ST..
MOVED FROM MILLS BUILDING TO MORE
COMMODIOUS QUARTERS IN HAT-
WARD BUILDING.
CAPITAL, ONE MILLION DOLLARS.
THE ADOPTION OF TITLE INSURANCE 1
of late years by all banks, trust companies,
corporations and the general public, demon-
strates that the system of these companies is
an established and complete success.
CAL. TITLE INSURANCE & TRUST CO.
MANAGES ESTATES. GREAT OR SMALL.
Intrusted to Its care according to the best
judgment of men known for lntegrity.shrewd-
ness and busintss standing. This part of Its
system is unequaled. for no individual, how-
ever careful, is equipped for such work with
the ability represented by the combined judg-
ment of its board of trustees, composed of
men of business standing.
THE ONLY SAN FRANCISCO TITLE IN-
SURANCE COMPANY having a complete lo-
cality plant or copy of the real estate rec-
ords, constructed especially for Insuring real
estate titles like modern plants of New
York. Boston. Chicago and Eastern cities:
reasonable rates; regular trust company
business transacted under State charter; all
matters controlled and managed by. the fol-
lowing
DIRECTORS AND TRUSTEES.
WILLIAM ALVORD.
President Bank of California.
CHARLES R. BISHOP.
Vice Pres. Bank of California,
ROBERT BRUCE.
Of Ealfour, Guthrie * Co.
HENRY L. DAVIS.
President California Optical Co.
P. N. LILIENTHAL,
Manager Anglo-Callfornlan Bank.
WARREN OLNEY.
Oln?y & Olney, Att'ys and Counselors.
CHARLES PAGE.
Page. McCutchen & Knight. Att'ys.
A. T. SPOTTS.
Mgr. Cal. Title Ins. and Trust Co.
JOHN R. SPRING.
Capitalist. 530 California st.
McAFEE BROTHERS
1CS MONTGOMERY ST.
SUNNY MODERN FLATS.
On Clay st. near Baker; 6 and 7 rooms, attic
and basement; rented for $77 50 per month;
lot 25x127"; price $8000.
PANHANDLE FLATS.
2 new swell flats, 7 rooms each; sunny side
of street; rented for $77 50; price $0350.
TWO PRETTY FLATS.
Just being finished on Wlllard St.. 1 block
from Stanyan. looking into Golden Gate Park:
5 and 6 rooms; nicely finished throughout; lot
2SxlOO feet; price $7250.
MISSION RESIDENCE.
Between ISth and 19th, near Guerrero; largs
house of 12 rooms; lot 60x114; rents for $40;
price 17000. or will sell 38 feet and house for
$5500. >_ •'.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS.
Lot on Jackson St.. commanding beautiful
marine view with old house; 25x127:8; price
$4000; price of" adjoining lets $200 per foot.
RICHMOND COTTAGE.
Fronting on new park from Golden Gate
Park to Presidio: 6 rooms and bath; lot 23x
127:0; price $3C00.
Pretty building lot on north side of Lake
st., running back to Mountain Lake Park;
29:6 feet front; price only $1500.
BARGAIN.* .
5-room cottage, with bath: in good condition;
Holly Park Tract; reduced from $lt00 to $1100
to make quick sale: must V: sold in the next
few days; rented for $12 per month.
Send for list cf cheap lots in all parts of
the city.
¦ \
McAFEE BROTHERS.
108 MONTGOMERY ST.
HISTORY REPEATS ITSELF. '
YOUNG MEN. YOUNG WOMEN.
GO WEST. GO WEST
and set rich as the old-timers did by Invest-
ing in ?15o. J20O and $23o Park lots near
boulevard; marine view of the ', Pa;in>
Ocean; lots on Pacific Hetghts are worth
$10,000 to $15,000 and have not as flne ma-
rine view; $5 downs 25 cents a week* only
a few left. - JACOB HEYMAN CO.
$:0,850— 3 SWELL flats/ not yet completed but
rented for $1200 p»r year; 7th-ave. boulevard
Nos.760-2-4. near Fulton st.: 18 minutes from
City Hall; all-night car service: t:try vossi-
ble latest improvement: 23x120. Apply on
premises, from 1 to 4.
$3500—2 NICE flats. 4-5 rooms; modern; high
basement; brick foundation: nice barn: san-
itary plumbing: on Ranches st.. near Twenly-
__ ninth. Box 2291. Call.
;i5O— LOTS near Mission road: » down. $1
weekly; no Interest. JACOB HEYMAN.
NOE-ST. cottage for $3250; bet. 17th and ISth;
lot 23x110; 6 rooms, bath, high basement,
barn: owner must sell: make offer. G. A
BERTON. 323 Montgomery st.
FOR SALE cheap — 1080 2Cth St.. near Noe;
modern ccttage. 6 rooms and bath ; owner
leaving the city.
HOUSE— 7 rooms i and bath; • Belvedere st •
$45CO. Box __rj6, Call office.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
SOMETHING NEW IN REAL ESTATE.
SOMETHING NEW IN KEAL ESTATE.
¦ Entire Western Addition Block Offered tn
' Subdivisions.
||
:V:;« EXTRA LARGE LOTS.
; 43 EXTRA LARGE LOTs>.
I
PRICES ?1«SO TO $lSJf>.
i PRICES C1C5O TO $13oO.
! Terms— One-fifth cash, balance In 1. 2. 3
(and 4 years.
An exceptionally handsome ¦Western Addi-
tion blcck has just been cut up Into 45 extra
large lots, most nf which are 33:4xl2f>. Th«
: block Is near the corner of First ave. and
! California st.. and can easily be reached by
. th» Ecidy-st. and Sacramento-st. cars. Get
' off at First ave. The conditions surrouniltnic
, the sale of this property are different from
I the mann-r cf selling property of this enar-
: acter.
Mr. J. C. Jordan, the orrner, has Impo5»d
the following conditions, which are to be r*.g-
; Idly enforced:
I No building will b« allowed on the bloc*
! which will cost less than $3000.
No building shall b* erected for objection-
; able purposes, including stores, livery stables.
j coa!yard«. schools, churches, etc.
No three-story fiats will te allowed.
I If you want to secure a nice residence sit*
. or make a good investment the above comnvon-
sense restrictions will icsure not only the ad-
1 var.ee in value of lots In this block, but will
• also protect any one who builds. Thousands
! of people in th« past few years have built
? desirable homes and have teen damaged or
I ruined for the lack cf Just such protections.
! In all other large cities in th<» United States
' the best property is sold under similar cendi-
! tior.s, which are if benefit to af!.
Special attention is called to the large lots.
• It is cheaper to build on a larxe lot than oa a
1 small one. as It does away with th« unsightly
i and unsatisfactory light wells and shortens tl*»
; building, besides giving a more artistic appe&r-
; anee on the outside. The interior arrangement
• Is much better and you sscura an abundanca
i of light and sun.
The large lot» and the .restrictions under
• which the land i« sold will Insure good neigh-
bors and an advance In the value of your
. property. These, however, are not th« only
facts which will advance th<» property. Th«
block Is exceptionally well located, la level
and all the streets are graded, sewered and
maeadamlied and are all 80 feet wide. The
property is right on the line of the city'a
I growth and the prices a#k?d. $£0 to $55 a
; front foot, are extremely low. as property
; within a block cr two Is selling for frota two
! to three times the price asked for this.
An unusually splendid car service Is already
; at hand. Including the Eddy-et. electric, the-
Sacramento-st. cable, the Sutter and Clement-
si, line and the Geary and Callforaia-st. lines.
, The last two are soon ta be changsd lnts
i electric systems.
| These are only a few of the points to which
I we wish to call your attention. We urgently
I request you to make an Immediate Inspection
of this property, and believe that if you do
: you will agree with us that the property pn>-
, sents an unusual and unequaied opportunity
• for either a homeseeker (including 2 fiats) as>
! well as an excellent Investment. If you will
look ahead for a year or two and take into
consideration the rapid growth of the city
in this direction you will undoubtedly become
: a purchaser.
Our agent is on the ground on Sundays with
1 diagram*.
LYO.V & HOAG. 11« Montgomery et.
LYON <& HOAG.
118 MONTGOMERY ST.
Send for our printed list of property for sale
i In all sections of the city.
INVESTMENT FRONTING PARK.
$15.<y«v_;j- story building with high ba»»-
1 m«nt; three flats of 4 and 7 rooms and bat!a
| each; basement could be converted into tn-
i other flat: corner, facing Duboce Park; grand
' view of city; lot over 3O feet front.
MARINE VIEW LOTS.
$9500 — Two beautiful brand new flats on best
I part cf Union st.. 8 and 7 rooms and. bath each:
: rent $S0; 2 separate -entrances: flre marine
; vl»w; large lot; this Is a gocd, permanent In-
vestment.
$6250 — Carl St.. near Stanyan: 2 flats of 5 a,nd
• 6 rooms and bath each: 2 years old; rent $55;
J thU is a snap.
; MUST EE SOLD.
$'3,CC0 — Brand new Z-strry- attic- and-bas"-
1 ment residence of 14 rocras; 2 baths, ft brU*_;
! mantels. t> washstands. bll Hard-room: all e.--
! gantly finished In hardwood: grand unob-
1 structed marine view; near Vallejo and Steiner
: streets.
3700^ — $CCO cash, balance monthly: brand
¦ new ccttase cf « rocms and bath, within a.
block and a half of (ioiden Gat* Park.
NEW HOME IN THE MISSION.
$3230— $250 cash, balance- $3o monthly; n»*r
i 2-story cottage, containing 6 rooms and bath;
j '2 toilets. - mantels; on Elizabeth st. ; handy to
: Castro an>l Twenty-fourth-*t. cars.
: $oO,OfO — SpUndid northeast corner on Van
j Ness ave.; contains nearly 700© square
Improvements rent for %ltA> per menth: an ex-
cellent location for an apartment- house.
COTTAGE DOWNTOWN.
$2000— Broadway, near Taylor; cottage of 4
rooms; concrete foundation; good" neighborhood;
a bargain.
SOUTH-OF-MARKET INVESTMENT.
$45CO — Two substantial flats, containing 5
roonu and bath eaxh: In Al condition; this Is
one of the best renting sections south of Mr-
I ket: rented low at $C8; mortgage Slo'.o can re-
! main; near Fourth and Bryant sts.
i NEW MISSION FLATS.
; $4SC0 — Twe new flats near Church and 25th
| sts.. « and 5 rooms and bath: laundry In base-
; ment; brick foundation: rent $39.
A BARGAIN— ML'ST BE SOLD.
¦$4Cr.0 — Submit offer; cozy cottage. n»ar
Sacramento and Laurel its. : 4 rooms and bath.
PAYS ALMOST 13 PER CENT.
i $ECCO — Perry st.. close to Harrison aad Third:
j 4 fiats.
j $17,500— .Fine corner near Parlt Panhand'*.
containing 5 flats. 4 to 8 rooms and bath; built
I about one year ago; total rents $150.
BAY DISTRICT LOTS.
BAY DISTRICT LOTS.
$15O Cash. $10 Monthly.
$150 Cash, $10 Monthly.
Prices range from $1000 to $1230 for Iota 25s
120. located between A. B and C sts.. Second,
Third and Fourth aves.
Never In the growth of the city have lots)
been sold so fast as in this section during the
last two or three weeks. We have sold over
200 lots, representing tn value about $.25,000.
Hundreds of new buildings will be erected oa
the lots already sold In the next y«ar. insur-
ing a certain Increase In the value of Lh*
property.
Go cut and see the land at ones. Yoa will
be struck by the great activity In building.
etc We will have threo agents on the
grounds to-day (Sunday) to distribute circu-
lars, etc. There are only- about 50 lots left,
and at the rate they are now going there
will be none left In a very short time.
If the Bay District Land Company offers)
any more holdings they will be at considerable
higher prices. We urge you to buy now. Con.'
1 sidering that the property is all level and
' near the Golden Gate Park and that all the
streets are graded, sewered and macadamised.
' $40 to $5O a front foot is no figure for the,
land. It will be a pleasant outing for you to
see the property, and If you become a pur-
chaser you will make money. There will un-
doubtedly be * large crowd on the grounds to-
day.
LYON A HOAG. 116 Montgomery St.
C. M. WOOSTER CO.. *
813 MARKET ST.
NEW CORNER FLATS.
Sis. SCO — 6 new modern flats: all rented •*-
' tremely low for $1944; en a northeast corner;
: two blocks north of Market St.; User* Is
Slenty of vacant space on the lot to buill
additional flats; lot has 133 feet street
! frontage.
! DO YOU REALIZE
1 That 25x73 ftet on Stevenson et., near the)
' new Postoffice Is very cheap for $5000; th«
adjoining lots are held at from $7500 to $10,000.
PAYS $S40 NOW.
Should bring easily $1000 per annum.
KEY LOT FROM' FOURTH STREET.
Six modern flats: good plumbing; brick
; foundation, etc.; high basement: lot 25x30;
{ north side of Natotna. st. ; price $7000; a coat
i cf paint would make this property sell for
: J30CO. V
1 A GREAT BARGAIN.
j $5000— N.W. corner Chattanooga and 23i:
; 63x117:6 to rear street: S frontages: cars pass
i the door; in the heart of the Mission warm
• belt. If you are looking for a lot on which
: fiats will always rent, don't overlook this.
| A VERY CHEAP PROPERTY.
I $7CC0 — 3 modern fiats of 5. H. fi rocms and
I bath; wash trays, speaking tubes, electric
¦ bells, new plumbing, brick foundation, high
basement, etc.; on Harrison St.. 9«> feet from
Sixth: 25x73. The lower flat could easily be
i remcdeled into a store and the basement
! into a wire cellar.
VAN NESS-AVENUE INVESTMENT.
$16,500— Rent3 SICSO: 3 elegant new modern
flats. 7. S. 8 rooms and bath: comprete in all
1 the latest details; on Van Ness avenue: larxe
! lot, UOxlOS. *
i CHEAP BUSINESS CORNER.
$G0OQ — Store, 3 rooms; flat. 3 rooms and
j rear cottage: on a 15th-st. corner, near Mij-
slcn; corner 25x90; rents very low. $630.
! $13.5tO — •" new modern up-to-dat«t flats on
| Webster St.. near Post; rents $1320- lot
! 25x112:6.
I- $2600— Reduced from $0CCO; handsome cot-
; tage. 3 roo.ms. bath, conservatory; on Valley
j St., near Church: lot 23x114.
i $KSOO— Rents $732; :: modern flats In ex-
cellent ccnd'.tion en 21st st.. near • Guerrero:
. the heart of thi Mission warm belt: lot
j 25x115.
I $2100 — A cozy e-ttage. 5 rooms on a Laganau
I street corner; lot 2C:Sx«2:(J.
C. M. WOOSTER CO.. H4S Market street.
REDUCED from $2500 to .fisoo tr> make »
. quick sale; cotta$e of 5 rooms and bath- on
I Shotwcll st.; can ret a loan of $1400 U
' COFFIN & CO.. 3303 Mission st.
$200 — A FURNISHED flat of 6 roostsfon
1 Gouah st. 11 City Hall SquareTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 6, 1904.
43
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OAKLAXP REA I. ESTATE.
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO. (Inc.).
1172 BROADWAY. COR. HTH ST.
REAL ESTATE.
INSURANCE.
Members Oakland Real Estate Exchange.
$1600— 37th st.. near Grove; 3 rooms and
bath; lot 50x2C0.
$1600— Myrtle St.. near CSth; 5 rooms and
bath; lot 25x123.
$2000— Linden St., near 30th; 5 rooms and
tath; lot 23x120.
$2000— Linden st., near S3d; 8 rooms and
bath; lot 35x137:0.
$2000 — SMh st.. near Gold; 6 rooms and bath:
lot 27x138.
>22.V>— Telegraph ave., cor. 39th St.; 6 rooms j
and bath; lot 50x100. ,
?240O— Aleatrax ave.. near Telegraph; 6
rooms and bath; lot 55x115.
$2300— Chestnut st., near 34th; 5 rooms and
bath; lot 40x130.
$2600 — 36th et., near Grcve; 5 rooms and
bath; tot 6Oz2C<>. ;
J275O— 34th rt.\ near Market; 7 rcoms and j
bath; lot 32x100. ¦
$2750 — 34th »t.. near Adeline; 5 rooms and j
bath; lot o3:4xlCO. ,
$5OUO — S2d St., near LJr.den; 6 rcoms and |
bath: lot 37:6xH*>.
e.p,OCO— Market St., near 53th; 6 rcoms and j
bath; lot 28x100.
TEL MAIN 35.
REAL, ESTATE.
INSURANCE.
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO. (Inf.).
1172 BROADWAY. COR. 14TH ST.
t TAYLOR BROS. & CO.. '
Real Estate, Insurance and Financial Agents.
Cedar 351. 12S* Broadway. Oakland, cal. |
$1100 — A neat U-room bungalow cottage. \n ,
¦ East Oakland; high and sightly; lot ijOx
100 feet; flowers and shrubbery. V>G
$1750 — A modern up-to-date cottage of 5 rooms;
situated on Walsworth ave., within o min-
utes' walk of postofflce; lot 28xl_O feet
$j>CO — 5-room cottage on corner, close in. wit!;
high basement and stable in ra_r; this
place would rent readily at $2«J per ™^ h -
A RARE CHANCE.
$22uO — Good, substantial 5-room cottage, with
high basement, and two-story barn; lot
81x115 feet; between Grove and Telegraph j
ave.. south of 40th st. ; a good oppor- 1
tunliy. 133(i j
$2330— A nobby little cottage of 5 rooms and
basement driveway and barn; situated j
on 37th St., nr. Telegraph ave.; ownsr |
going East and must sell- 133«> j
A BANK SALE.
I $2400 — Two new cottages, 4 rooms each arid j
basement: lot 5« fen front: renting at |
$25 per month: these places must be sold
within a few days; 3 blocks from train',
one to 'street raw. 150 J
$2500— A nobby story and a half cottage. < j
rooms and two-story barn: lot Is 65 feet ¦
front; this Is a good opportunity to securj j
a nloe place for little money. lol_ |
ANOTHEJt FORECLOSURE SALE.
$2500 — Nobby cottage of J» rooms and bath,
situated on West st., below 20th; tot ."ox |
100 feet; would rent for $25; let us show
you this. ms j
SaCOO— A modern roomy cottage of 6 rooms ana [
I basement, situated on Madisin st.. close
! to S. P. station. This is a weil-buiit house |
i and. merits Inspection. 72
; . A GOOD INVESTMENT. .
$4650 — Two modern up-to-date cottages of 5 I
and 7 rooms respectively: e ituat»fl on NW. j
corner, between Market and Broadway. ;
These cottages produce an income of JoO j
per month. A good buy at $5000. j
$500o_a handsome, modern residence of 1 1 1
rooms, situated on a corner in one of th- j
residence districts of Oakland: high ami 1
sightly location, with fine view; terraced
lot and cement sidewalk comDl-te. This i
house could not ba duplicated for 50 per I
cent over the price asked. Phot-jgraph jit
office. 12 -"
TAYLOR BROS. & CO..
1236 Broadway, Oakland. Cal.
Telephone Cedar 351.
$1$00 10 ROOMS bath; lot 37x150; a snap;
fine location.
$4000—0' rooms, porcelain bath, 3 rooms |
I finished In curly redwood; fine location: lot
.'5x100; walking distance; $1000 down, balance
: like rent. a
$1000 — Corner lot. 57x100; strett work dene.
$550 — Lot; fine location; sunny side of street;
easy terms; close to Santa Fe depot.
J1SC0— Corner, 50x125; finest location; el«- I
vated lot.
$5500 — 12 rooms; let 50x175; 2 blocks from |
Washington st. ; a snap. • •.
$3C00— 10 rooms: lot 32:6x100; 3 blocks from
Broadway: look this up. j
$1600—6 rooms, bath, high basement: 3 i
blocks from train; clcse to town; $2C0 down,
balance $20 per month. . I
$1650 — House of 6 rooms: lot 62x125; on !
j terms, $200 down, balance at 8 per cent.
} . $2K0O— Just like rent; brand new 6-room,
modern house; porcelain .bath, gas and elec- |
trleity: near Grove st.; closi in; $100 down. I
$30 per month; flat loan.
GEORGE W. AUSTIN. Real Estate Agent and i
¦ Dealer, i
(MEMBER OF THE OAKLAND REAL ES-
TATE ASSOCIATION.)
1002 BROADWAY, OAKLAND. CAL.
GOOD OFFERINGS.
[ ALL RELIABLE.
BROADWAY— Only $33 per foot; 4f)xlC0: fin»
residence lot; eastern frontage; this has just
come In; see It.
$1400— Good corner lot on West st., clcse In; 35
feet front.
North side of Sixteenth at., close to Grove; $60
per foot: fine lot.
$30 per foct; upper end of Vernon st.; Oakland
Heights; choice fcr residence.
$500— Snap tn East Oakland; gcod for flats;
north side Eighteenth St.. east cf Eighth
avenue.
$1430 — Good northwest corner between Grove
st. and San Pablo ave.; «5xl00.
ONLY $400: 40x!0O.
ONLY TWO LOTS LEFT.
EAST OAKLAND HEIGHTS— These are th«
best lots fcr the money In East Oakland;
h!gh elevation: between Fourth ave. and
Thirteenth ave.; streets are all graded.
sewered and macadamized; this week only.
GOOD BUYS ALL OVER.
HAVE YOU PROPERTY TO SELL?
IJET ME HAVE IT.
CO YOU WANT A LOAN?
V — — —
• I CAN MAKE IT.
-— -
JAMES S. NAISMITH.
534 Thirteenth St.
~ SPECIAL.
BOULEVARD TRACT.
MOST DESIRABLE RESIDENCE PROPER-
TY IN OAKLAND. OVERLOOKING LAKE
MERRITT; A.$fiOOO RESIDENCE ADJOIN-
ING MR W. E. DARGIE'S HANDSOME
RESIDENCE ON THE CORNER OF
TWELFTH ST. AND BOULEVARD, NOW
IN COITRSE OF CONSTRUCTION, AND
TWO'MORE FINE RESIDENCES ARE TO
BE BUILT FOON-
PROPERTY WILL INCREASE 1N
VALUE 23 PER CENT THE COMING
YEAR. PRESENT LOW PRICE MAY BE
ADVANCED AT ANY TIME.
CALL ON OR ADDRESS
J. A. MACDONALD & CO..
1052 BROADWAY, OAKLAND.
$I000~CASH. $15 monthly — Cottage of 6 rooms,
bath, etc.; cood barn and stable, ,' chicken-
house, large chicken ranse. flowers and im-
mense trees. In fine section, one block fro»i
cars: city water, sewer. ga»: away from
fora and cold winds: .sandy loam soil; a
lovely spot; adjoining East Oakland; size
100x200; all fenced: this Is _ take-In at cnc«i
property price In all $_6**i. Call or send for
circular. 455 7th et.. «pp. Broadway sta-
tion, Oakland: carriage free.
II. X. JONES. I>and Owner.
CALLED away; must raerlnee partially fin-
ished house on larre lot. 100x141: In sub-
urbs: the whole business, house and lot. go«s
for $S3O. Write for full sartlcuUrs, box
ltWO, Call office, Oakland.
REfAJ. E5TATE--CITV-— FOn SALB.
$13nO— GREENWICH rt.. near Stelner; 8TV3
fe»i front; a barcaln.
FITKKINB A MASTEN. 18 Montgomery *_
F_3.tt>9—
ONE of tba handsomest residences In
rre*:2io Iliijrhts district, with a beau-
t'.ful niarino view: t»ss than one year old.
• TIIKINS & 9-A8TKX. IS Montgomery st.
.-.:.( -ji.—
V.'.t?HINGTOS f>V. north side: C5 feet
:r»T.sat-e : surrounded by magnificent rest-
ctatn.; marine view- land sold r— ccntly
;;> th:* b!i>ck for f2OQ per foot; this can
be l)0U£iu for ; .«=f: EU— — lit offer.
PERKINS it HAETESi, 18 Montgomery *t.
::. !?T ABSOLUTELY HE SOLD.
* c »Vt— — '. a!eu;!» «.. r.ear Sixteenth; 53x90;
¦: tto* • • r> be_rt of Mission hnrln—s district.
rEHJIlNS & I-ASTXS*. IS Montgomery __
PUdtlXEJCX tiriier on Tliird St.
Pric*. $M>0 i.cr front fool. '
The — 'ideal uf or this etroet has made prop- i
<?rty extrexaeir valuable and there is a splendid
': .<r. r « i:t buying thl?.
••KKKI.NS A. HASTES. 13 Montgomery c _
i'LI'MBING, new cr o'.i; estimates given.
AHLitACH & MAYER. S3S Howard St. :
!—__•__ _&r.ll_— (wantr;— r'vr __le.
A LA FA U" A. FRUIT. VIXES. '
UNEXCELLED OPPORTUNITIES Foil
KO1IESEEXERS
IN THE FAMOUS BOGdS RANCH AT j
PRINCETON.
Noted for depth a_d richness of Boll.
Fronting on Sacra unento iUver. affording
Cheap tr_nsportatlon.
Large irrigation casal completed.
Assuring' abundance of water.
Making t_e raising cf alfalfa,
Ora—g^s and lemons, fruits, vines.
Corn and vegetables very profitable.
First tlipe on the market.
i>?w prlcee; easy term*; euMiviEior.s to suit.
Best opportunity in Calirornla.
e_u_cjru_s upon application.
$1000 — 6-_cr« orchard and building; Santa.
CUra.
$J20O — IC _cre_; cottage; P.edwood City.
14200 — 5 acres; finely improved; Mountain J
View.
11375 — 6 acres; finely caked; San Mates 1
County.
$4000—180 _cre* e-f-L-a. land; Kern County.
$4000 — ICO _cr— s; treneral farm; Mendocino
Oo_nty.
{100 acres; on 8a.cr__ie_to River; $11 30 per
acre.
£3,000 acres; stock ranch; Teiuuaa County;
IC per acre.
&4200— 74 acres; Contra Ooatm. County; worth
5C9OO.
$22 S9 per Sucre; 13C0 acree. -tarced River;
_i«_t«r
110 per acre; C900 acres; Ma ~~stU1«; bargr— in.
$S5 ptr acre; beet river land; near Chico.
? SPI__X_>n> OFFEJt
FOR FRUGAL PEOPLE.
Tb« fertile soil of
Ea_ta dara. Valley;
Tte c;-.:_at« you wast.
Wfcare tbe g?e_t liveoaka trrow.
In 10-— crc tract*.
Rich Spanish grant
Now belrg eub-lvlded.
O_!y $14 14 a tconth
Will purchk*« 10 acres.
10 acres planted to vtnea or fruit
To ssilt purchaser for
$100 cash. $17 per month.
Better than savings bank.
Grcwa in value every Amy.
It c_E_ot be- wasted away. ;
A f._cere propoeltlon
By elr.cere people.
1. (._-.» ee« ue.
W« have many excellent bargains in stock
ranches, general farms and all kinds of coun-
try properties. Tell us what you desire _nd
»# will euj'ply your demands with the very
beet property at owner's very lowest price.
C. M. WOOSTER CO.. t>4* MARKET ST.
Fon farms, timber and prailr.g land, orchards
. a:id vineyards and stock ranches, call on or
address Bothcrmd & Co.. 507 California st.
$30.000 — Grand stock ranch. 4t>X> acree, |
fenced and improve-d. with nice 7-room hou»*.
2 iarn* # orchard, etc.; about 2OO acres in
pieces train and hay land, rest Is fine hill
pasture, with abundance of wood and run-
nin*' water; includes 150 cattle and about 1
!•'• hog>-; terms to suit; on fork of Eel |
River. r.e_r Willits.
.'i5",<«yj — Grand ranch of 25,000 acres in !
;h* Sacre.me_to valley, with houses and I
bsrn_; well adapted for division or colony j
purp—tfes ; low price; on!y $6 an acre.
$24uO — Nice farm. _1 acres. with new
house and barn; r.emT Martinez.
J'2_5'» — 30 acre? valley land; 5-room house
end barn, 4 miles from Santa Rosa.
i_25<' — 13-acr»* farm, nritta house and barn;
It aer^s orchard; Sonoma Valley.
J:;.V»" — Mum he Bold to FatU.'y tnortga?":
irO-acre ranch in Anderson Valley; on line
of sarwyd railroad; with £r>od house and
barn; _•» acres orchard; fertile land; aJso j
.4" trr^F rt^wo^"»d at J10 an acre; see this !
and make oSer.
fSOOO—Xlce home farm. 14 aer**: 6-room
houie, barn; mest all in orchard; ccnvenier.t
to llaywanSs.
fSUOO — Ranch 12!) acres, with fine house
and »>arn: 25 acr»* in orchard and vineyard:
ft rr.Kes from Santa Rosa; includes all per-
sonal property.
$5 an acre: fine stock ranch: €800 acres.
i'x:ated r.ear Ukiah. with creek and many
rrrir.Es: winter and summer rar.ge: buildlngu
«r.rt :»r.ced and has about S10.<V>0 T.-orth of
tanbark and fdwoud; ranch will keep 5000
cr 6-iw cattle, besides bors: easy terms to
>-.r-*e an et-tate; rare bargain; plenty of rain
here.
P.OTHERMEL & CO., 5O7 California «t.
SONOMA County— For sale a#- a whole or In
subdivisions, cne cf the best known prepe--
tioi in Sonoma County, and situated in the
hsart of the l>eauttful Sonoma Valley; proper-
ty consists cf 145 acres of orchard, meadow
and pasture lands, a beautiful home of S
rooms and bath, with all modem improve-
ments: close to railroad depot; very reason-
able _?ric«e.
Sonoma County — To be sold at a sacrifice,
ty order of the #w_er, now In Europe; an
ideal home and ranch la the prettiest part of
the Sonoma Valley: 10 acres in full beaming
vines and fruit trees; 8 acres prettily 'tim-
bered hill land running down to Sonoma Creek:
bouse of 8 rooms; all modern improvements:
beautifully situated; only half a mile from
railroad etation.
I»s Gatoe — We have several beautiful homes
for sa> in this lovely tpot at reasonable fUr-
urw; all cf them will b«ar the fullest In-
vertiration.
Napa County — 103 acres near Xapa: 15 acre*
full-bearing orchard; ranch all fenced; good
•oil; 7-room house: Iarre barn, etc.; all Im-
provements first-class; all farming 1 Implements,
rtock. etc.. go with tbe place.
Placer County — A bargain; offer wanted; 20-
acre full-bearing orchard, close to Penryn,
with abundanoe of water, nice house, large
barn, fenced; anxiot's to eell for family reasons;
thta is re_!!y a. _oo9 buy.
We advertise choice properties only.
EOARDMAX BROS. & CO..
1SS Montgomery et.
FPECIAL OFFERINGS.
14130 — 415 acres of land located 6 miles north
of Auburn. Placer County, having a frontage
of 1 mile on Bear River, where some of the
richest dredging claims are now being op»r-
afd for gold; 120 acres choice fruit and
rra'n land cleared; balance as good, but un-
cleared; all well fenced and plenty of wood
and water; owner would exchange and pay
cash diSerence.
$13 nftQ — Stock, dairy and hay farm of 2500 j
acres. 60 mile_ from thi* city; I28O acres
deeded land, balance under lease; 750 acres in I
. growing hav. balance rlijrhtly rolling pasture
producing Immense Quantities of natural grass- j
*s; abundance of v.ater: all fenced and cross
fenced; fine Improvements, house. large barn,
rorrals. *tc. ; including leases, growing crops
and all farming tools; price reduced to close
out a •opartnercblp; investigate this as It
nsutt be _old-
CHATFIE_.D & VINZENT,
22S Montgomery st.. S. F.
¦ ' — — ' — ' ' ' — 1. J
£2_7 A. IJereed River. Merced Co., Cal.: *P- I
; rc:.-»j by court _t $71,000;' assessed by '
County Aes?«scr at $40,000; offered for $50.-
«O0: V« yc_r'» time. 6 per cent; 900 A. level
sr_1n, fruit end alfaira land; 4327 A, roll-
):;?-— pra zing ar.d grain land; Merced River
r er*t* through iar.d: 000 A. can be irrigated —
¦w_ttr free — no rojaltles; improvements good:
trfrod 1 adte: rhurrh and town 3 miles; on
£!r«t r'.fj «o Tcs^mite: must be sold to closa
• »tatc-; a b_rsaln: the profits from there lands
-.-¦adc the former cwner. JOHN L.. IVELI-,
v.hn -aur murdered in 1E90. rich: fine rains;
• *«TU-injt trecn and growing now. Address
J. W. KNOX. attomey-at-law. Merced. CaL
j- .<£}¦•! STRAUE *30 Market st.
$2itC' r )~ S4 ect»»: ]4 arrts cultivated; balance.
IMtSture and • !:«ber land; house, stable, barn.
ftitcker-ho—se*. well and windmill: railroad
.as-*- » th>"-n:;_h property.
IICDO— ] CO acrw: 10 arrfs rrchard: hcuse,
¦-llur.--. vcrrals: plenty water year round: fine
ratt-ro; r'tne and oak wood: cheap.
TAlFATpAlTlkirT^AI, m'flMJING ' i
a:.*u loan a._stc I
Advances mosty :or building purposes on I
JIAItlX County properlr. Write tj J. A. Me- i
5T:tri-' s:. Secrt-tary. Fourth and Tcwnsend Fts. !
COVgnXMBXT land— We win locate yoa on i
:<a» acre* of Government land, vrith plenty of i
wcter. (m *im. TOOKEH * GRAHAM.
roqnM 217-?1« Crocker b!<lg.. Saa Francisco.
TliN acru- ..rch^rd; we-U ft-nced: houne of 5 I
r«n:»: • iph ba>»tr.pnt. tutm. chicken-houses:
on* roil* frorri JIaywardr; pric $4r«Oi». A_-
«!re* I) !-Ii:SHOL_. Ilayuards. Cal.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards, j
virtyard* : inn^ectrd bargains; monthlr cata- I
ior-'-s vr.t free- C. If. WOC3TER CO.. CIS
Market *t.
34<V> ACRES M ffi .'•o per »r-rf. only J»0 miles
Xrcm Hsn Franrlj-ro: to clow- «in an •¦stat*.
Kr* own**- o*!!y et T2;.-M. K. KEATING-.
I'. 1 J'»-!-i< j.i.. fan Francieco.- ;
JTO AtSnd RWfl Und: foutrcrn p.irt Monterey
Co.; cheap: will exchance. Freflerlck,i;733 17th.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
t_ !
«>AK U.XD REU ESTATK.
LAYMANCE PKAL ESTATE CO..
*60-l'J2 E!?hth Street.
Oakland.
I ALBION-ST. HOME.
. $o.50 — Fin* 8-room house. near Telegraph
ave. ; nice *unny reams, faHj appointed: lot
43x141: BKrpvti and stoves included, inde-
pendent of realty value.
$5(W> TO DUPLICATE.
$4.50 — Fine <lothie hnusa; 7 room* and bath;
large rrceptton hall, spacious rooms; all
modern conveniences; NE^, oe>rn»r. 50x140: on
car line; near locals; must be seen to be ap-
A BARGAIN
$2*5A— Modern cottag«t 6 rooms and bath; gas,
mantel, laundry: high basement «purt framed
glass* ¦ <<ot 43xl>*>; 5 minutes' walk to city
center.
VALUE AND LOCALITY rOMFIXED
$02*0— Nice cotrage. 7 rooms and bath: spa-
cious rooms; 3 mantel* nn<\ eratci: elaborate-
gas fixtures; 42 ft. fron'age; near Twelfth
and Filbert.
AN EAST OAKLAND HOME.
$325O — Modern. 2- story house 7 ro^ms and
bath, fully furr.ishpfi i*xe»j»t!npr light arti-
cles): including organ, stoves, carpets etc.:
on car line; near looals.
NEAT COTTAOE HOME.
$2350— Modern 5-rocm tottacs; c^n-etain bath;
3t> feet frontago; rent $20 month; 5 minutts'
walk to City Hall.
NEAR NEW FERRT STATION'.
$22.V» — Cotta?* alone would rt-st this: mrrjprn
5-room cottaR-; grin work; beautiful hand
finished n?ant<«l; high h«-em»nt, wash tu>*.
etc.: lot 5flxlC0 : with fruit lr?ea; out som*
distance, but ch^ap ard Ftea«!lly advancing.
A .SNAP— A PICK-UP.
$2TO — Modern hou*». 9 rooms anil h«th: 2
mantels ami grates; Kas: 2 bay-windows; c--
ment walks: a *$crlfle»: convenient to R. R.
shops: could not duplicate for $3<XH\
¦"...--; t ,' . ¦ -, v - -
A FEW CHEAP. BUT GOOD HOMES.
$16nru_Xeat 4-room cottag?; bath; lot Dflxlfc";
North Oakland.
$j.->Co_X* at cottage 4 rooms ar.d bath; h!*h
basement; lot oC_125; terms arranged: n«-ur
Chestnut st
$15CC — Modern cctta/re. 5 rooms and bath; $-100
flown, balance as rent.
f!_30—N«ai oottase. 5 rooms an<1 bath: tsrms:
near Twelfth «t. Wot Oakland.
$120A—Nlc(. cottage. 4 rooms and bath: lot 39
XI2 S; near Tw»nty- fourth st. ; easy terms.
LAYMANCE REAI. PT?TATE CO.,
4fO-4R2 Eighth Street
Oakland.
REDUCED f»om $7,100 to $;>fi00; fine r»sl l?rve
and grounds: east of Broadway. Alice *c;
bon ton neighborhood: bunk fcrerloseure;
former pr'.ct $7500. THE ALDEN CO.. 111S
Broadway. __
I IT WILL PAY FOR ITSELF^ ~~
$2r>0(^~ Store and flat of 5 rooms upstiirs. at
Adeline station. Seventh st. n»ar n:w West-
ern Pacific terminal; ea«y term*.
T. F. RAYON, owner. 424 Tenth st.
CHEAPEST and best :n 4«MlU-~ T>« Weelclf
Call. l'J rases. MB1 to any address In in*
I United States or Canada one yur for $1.
OAKLAXP MOV SES TO.UST.
: THIRTY-SIXTH. UOti, near Key route— Key
! next do<j-; 7 rooms and bath; nickel plumb-
ing: very sunny; combination Kas _nd ••Uo-
• trie lighting: rent *'"»."i: wa:»r free.
I G. W. AUSTIN. \CC1 Hnadway.
! OAKLAND FIRMSHED HOUSES.
i FOR rent — Furnished; 3-room cottage: sunny
corner; gas. bath, launrtrv. etc. ft PETER.
852 Nineteenth !>t.. Oakland. Cal.
, OAKLAXD HOISEKKKi'I.Nr. ROOMS.
, SIXTH. 419, Oakland — Furnished housekeeping
1 rooms.
JOAKLAMJ FlKMTtRB VOit SALK.
TO-MORROW th« day for birxains in furni-
ture. M. -chelhaas. llth st..cor.atore. Oakland.
KLMIIIltsr HEAL ESTATE!.
?300— HOUSE. 4 rocm*. let 40_132.
!J1100— House, ft room*, lot 40x132.
)«150<i — Houi"e. 8 rooms, lot 40x120.
If you want a suburban home, cash or In-
stallments, call or adUrrss
ELMHURST REALTY CO..
Elmhurst. Cal.
MILL VALLEYl^RT'S'M'TS
MILL.; VALLEJ^REAL^^STATfc:.
SELLING FAST.
', SELLING FAST,
i ICO SOLD UP TO DATE.
> Large nex. subdivision at the station of Mill
I Valley; 40 acres in large lots in the very cen-
! ter of the valley, none of wnlch are less than
! 50xl_0; prices ran_e from MOO to $800: terns,
i 10 oer cent nih, balance $lo monthly: grand
home sites amidst jjleasant surroundings:
' beautiful views cf mountains and bay: th*
climate unequaUd: splendid upportunity for aa
investment; land values bound to increase, as
I Mill Valley la rapidly coming to the front: tho
i new electric read has shortsneit the time to 4:J
I minut-s from the city. Mill Valley has all the
; conveniences of a city: fine aupoly of pur*
i mountain water: good aewsrare- and drainage.
1 electric light*, stores, churches and schools.
I and In fact all conveniences: lots beautifully
wocded; send for our new illustrated book de-
scriptive of Mill Valley.
LYON & HOAG, 11« Montgomery st.
MOM BY TO LOA>.
AAA— HERMAN MLT.PHY.
6Cl-6U_-e(X; Examiner Building.
Quick settlements; no disappointment.
Save expenses by dt-aiin_ directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undividiU inter-
efts, assignments of rents, property in trust,
etc.: legacies, life estates «nd undivided in-
terests tn ;.n'j'erty purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When Ymi Need Money
See HERMAN MCRPHY.
"~ WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
I&t. 2d or 3d
MortRag*. on real estate or
Chattels, tn city, tuwn
or country.
Low rat* of Interest.
Give full particulars.
cf property cr chattfla.
Locaticn. ete.
Tox 4CS. Call office.
jl 1 per cent on furniture or piano: no remov-
al, no comrr.liM>icn. no publicity. $25 up; cjuielc.
private, confidential. 2« Montgomery, rm. T.
ANY amount quickly on fnrnlture or pljro.
without removal cr other security; no C'ini. ;
fairest rates: strictly confidential. National
Credit Co.. fS Donohoe bids.. 1170 Market *t.
MONEY leaned to salaried people, r«tail mer-
chants, teamsters, boardlns-houses. without
Mcurlty: easy payments; large butlnes* It
4G principal cities. Tolman. &_:< Parrott bids.
HIGHLY respectable private place to .obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at 2
p«»r cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store.
MO Market: tel. Main 1R44. Branch. ID Third.
I M. JACOBtiON it CO.. financial brokers. Etnm_
I Spreckels bid?., rm. 621 : loans and all other
! financial matters negotiated; confidential.
j MONEY to loan on low interest: gold, silver,
' diamonds, rear's and precious stonei bousht
j at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth «t.
I ~~~~^~~~™~~* _______
! MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICK. 10.1 Grant a»«-.
LQA.NS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
INEW easy method— To wage earner* on unin-
dorsed notes; absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company, rooms 48-49. Chronicle bld_.
# TO salaried people without security: on fnrnl-
ture, tndorsed notes and other security. 8 . F.
Discount Agency. It:: Phelan bldg.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; strict
prtvacy.no commission; Installments accepted.
BONELLI. SOI Eddy. Conservatory building.
ALL loan* on diamonds and jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 533 Kearny.
3% ON furniture fc p'anoa; $15 up: no removal:
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy st.
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mutual
Saving* Bank building. 70S Market st.
STAR Lean Co. of Wyomirs loan* money to
salaried employe*. R. $11 Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH loaned salaried people on note* without
Indorstr. MORr.LL. *0n Efcanr liner building.
lor Additional Classified Advertise-
ments See Pasre Fort j-Fonr,
ALAMEDA ADVERTIS'MENTS
iLAMKIK REAL. ESTATE.
HERE IS A CHANCE FOR EVERYBODY.
. GREAT BARGAINS.
FOR BALE ON EASY TERMS
FOR SO DAYS.
$50 DOWN. BALANCE TO SUIT.
32 LOTS
83 :4xl25 TO 85x176.
PART OF SO-CALLED FROMM TRACT.
TWO BLOCKS FROM SIXTH-ST. STATION.
THIRTY MINUTES FROM SAN FRANCISCO.
HALF BLOCK FROM LONGFELLOW
SCHOOL.
TWO BLOCKS FROM CAR LINE.
A HOME FOR EVERYBODY.
Here Is' a house that muBt be seen to be
appreciated; lot 60x207; near Maatlck station;
modern 9-room house; large conservatory, fine
grounds, fruit trees, stable, chicken house, etc.,
at a sacrifice.
- 1 am now building several 5-room cottages.
Win be sold on terms. Come and see them.
$1000 — 6-room. 1%-story cottage; lot 25x101;
terms.
$1000^ — 5-room, 1-story oottage; lot 26x100;
terms.
$1400— 5-room, 1-story cottage: lot 26x100;
terms.
$1750 — 5-room. 1-story cottage; lot 26x126; one-
quarter cash. '
$21S0 — 7-rocm. 1-story cottage; lot S4xl50; $500
cash.
$2150 — 5-room. 1-story cottage; lot 40x118; ona-
half cash.
$2300— 6-room. 1-stcry cottage; lot 50x150; one-
half cash.
$3100 — 7-room, 1-story cottage: lot 50x150; one-
quarter cash.
542M) — 9 rooms: extra bargain; lot 50x287; fine
location; $1000 down, balance terms.
BUSINESS LOT ON PARK ST.. 60x100; A
SACRIFICE.
TWO NICE WATER FRONT COTTAGES
ON CENTRAL AVE.. NEAR STATION; BAR-
GAINS. LAKOE LIST OF REALTY.
FOR EXCHANGE FOR SAN FRANCISCO
REAL ESTATE — A MODERN 7-ROOM
HOUSE IN THE BEST LOCALITY.
APPLY TO A. R. DENKE, 1400 WEBSTER
ST., ALAMEDA.
DON'T OVERLOOK OUR BARGAINS IN
REAL ESTATE.
BEAUTIFUL HOMES FOR SALE ON EASY
TERMS.
ASTONISHING PRICES.
WE HAVE EXACTLY WHAT YOU WANT
AND AT THE RIGHT PRICE.
FOR SALE.
$1500 buys a good 5-room cottage: lot 33x100.
S2C00 buys a good 6-room house; lot 50x217.
$2400 buys a 6-roopi colonial house; large lot.
$2500 buys new 5-room cottage; San Jose ave.;
modern.
$2S50 buys new 6-room colonial houee; very de-
sirable.
$3500 buys a beautiful 7-room house; fine lo-
cation.
$4500 buys a new modern 8-room house, ele-
gantly arranged.
$2500 buys a 5-room cottage; lot 50x159; a
snap.
$2?5O buys a 5-room cottage; lot 75x125; Cen-
tral ave.
$4250 buys an 8-room hcuse; latest Improve-
ments; a bargain.
HOUSES AND LOTS AT ALL PRICES.
EASY TERMS.
STOP PAYING RENT AND PURCHASE A
HOME: INVESTIGATE AND BE CON-
VINCED; IT IS CHEAPER TO BUY THAN
TO PAY RENT.
CHOICEST IXX^ATIONS AND REST PROPO-
SITIONS EVER OFFERED: AVAIL YOUR-
SELF OF THE OPPORTUNITY AND SE-
CURE A HOME.
i WE CAN HELP YOU.
I EASY CONTRACTS AND EASY TERMS.
CALL OR TELEPHONE.
ALAMEDA. LAND COMPANY.
1500 PARK STREET.
i PHONE ALAMEDA 490. ALAMEDA.
! HOUSE of 5 rooms; modern; enap; $1800; easy
terms.
• House of 4 rooms; modem: $1200; near sta-
I tion.
j Fine 2-story house; 6 rooms; nearly new;
, large lot; cheap.
Houee of 5 rooms; C5xl27'^; Park ave.;
; $l«50.
' GEO. L. LEWIS,
1601 PARK ST.
, 3 BEX-ROOM cottages; lot 37x110 $2600'
Xew 6-room cottage: up-to-date... .".'.. .$2300
2-story house; 5 rooms $2300
New R-room house; up-to-date $."560)
New 8-room house $4200
Houj? of 7 rooms; lot 50x160 $2400
CHARLES ADAMS & CO.,
Bay Station. Alameda. Phone (CT52.
I ALAMEDA HOUSES.
! FOR RENT— Large furnished houee: owner to
occupy 2 or 3 rooms; $30. P. O. box 72,
Alameda.
I BERKELEY ADVERT' S'M'NTS
i BERKELEY HEAL ESTATE.
! A BARGAIN.
I $5000— Worth $10,000: bank loaned $5000 on
this property: must be sold: 8 beautiful
rooms; good aH new; fine wide street;
rear both trains; lot 25x140; large barn;
; prettiest garden in Berkeley; street work
all done.
$3150 — New 7-room house: frescoed walls; fine
mantel; street work all done; 6 block*
frum both trains; $500 cash, balance $25
per month; less than rent.
$2300 — Nearly new 4-room cottage; bath; all
furnished, including new piano, carpets,
curtains, bed, bedding, pictures and
dishes: lot 60x135; fruit trees and beau-
tiful f.ower garden: one-half block to
train; ownera in East.
$2100— New 5-room cottage; $200 cash, balance
1 $20 rer month.
I $2S00 — Two flats. 5 rooms each: lot- 40x120.
$1500 — Four rooms and basement; lot 50x135;
fine fruit trees; well and pump, chicken
house: half block to train; $000 cash, bal-
ance $15 per month. Stop paying rent.
$1400 — 5-room cottage; lot 50x150: street work
all done; well and pump, chicken house
and yard; one and a half blocks to cars;
$100 cash, balance $12 per month.
j $7G0 — 1-room cottage; lot 40x132*? ; 4 blocks
, to train. • /
! $000 — 3-room cottage; etreet work all done.
I $200 — $10 cash, balance $5 per month, will buy
: a fine let; all sewered.
: W. C. MORAN. South Berkeley.
1
J $750 — A choice lot; sightly situation; east of
Grove; eouth of Vine.
$1275 — A nice lot In a very choice location;
close in to U. C. and "Key."
$lS00 — 0 rooms; lot 40x120; good location; near
U. C. and "Key."
I34CO— A block of three choice lota with a
; small cottage; fine location: close in.
j $4000 — A substantial 2-alory, 10-room house;
< In good condition; large lot; pleasant lo-
i cation; North Berkeley. ,
$5000 — Modern l'_-room hous^; nearly new; nice
location; clote In.
$6250 — Elegant, new, up-to-date 0-room house;
) choice locaticn.
j LYMAN ALLEN, 2129 Center St., Berkeley.
j AMONG THE~BEEt7 ~~' ~ "
$2300 — Rare opportunity: cottage of 5 good
rooms; cast of railroad; close to North
Berkeley etation: easy terms.
$2650 — 2-story colonial house, 6 rooms; close to
station; new and well arranged.
$2750 — Elegant colonial cottage, 5 rooms and
bath; lot 50x122"; fine lawn and flowers;
best location: very desirable.
$3100—^-story colonial houee; 8 large rooms,
bath and all modern Improvements;
close in.
$_C00 — S-room modern house; built 1 year; lot
Wxl3«: Improved street; sunny exposure;
$250; $25 per month.
H. D. 1RWIN. Lorin station.
Open Sundays.
CLAIRMONT avenue is one of the wide ave-
nues leading from Oakland Into Berkeley
and connects with the Tunnel road leading
into Contra Cosla bounty.
We have for sale about 4 acres In one
tract facing on this avenue; it adjoins the
Ballard, Palache and Parker estates. The
location is Ideal, ! being at base ¦ of the
Berkilcy hills and overlooking the San
Francisco Bay.
This we will sell in acre lots or to suit
! buyer.
I CHENEY & BERRY.
j P. O. Block, Berkeley.
?t»00— Handfome 3-room cottage In North
: ' Bsrkcley; j hieh basement; concrete foun-
dation; rooi_» plastered; street finished;
lot 4O.\13S; handy to train and cars; splen-
did view. '
C.C EMSL1E. Ashby Sta., phone Stuart 709.
$500 CASH secures a new cottage ; 5 large
I rooms; high basement, bath, etc.; street
wr.rk complete; near station street cars
and stores. This in an excellent buy; large
list of property: open Sundays. MURDOCK
& CO.. Eouth Berkeley.
$725 — 3-ROOM cottage, 1 block from car line;
lot 30x100; -easy terms; situated at • 1009
Grayson St., West Berkeley. .
MORAN & 8 WAIN. 2131 Shattuck ave.,
opp. Berkf ley Station.
1 ACRES in the heart of Berkeley; 2 blocks
from Santa Fe: 2 blocks from Hlrh School:
2 blocks from two * electric : car lines; price
$FM)0 .for a f*w daj» only, • LITTLE '&
WOOLSEY, 2110 Ehattuck a\e., Berkeley. .
FRUITVALE AD V'RT'S'M'NTS
i**Hl!ITVALE REAL. ESTATB.
- , ¦ .. - 4 .
SNETSINGER & MATTESON,
1214 FRUITVALE AVE.. FRUITVALK. CAL.
SPECIAL.
AN OPPORTUNITY FOR THE HOME.
SEEKER WHO CANNOT FIND A Pt_VCE TO
; SUIT, OR WHO HAS NOT ENOUGH MONEi'
TO PAY DOWN. WE HAVE A BEAUTIBUL
LOT, 60X125/EAST FRONT, 1 BLOCK FROM
ELECTRIC CARS AND SCHOOL, CITY
WATER, SEWER, ETC.. AND THE OWNER
WILL ADVANCE ENOUGH MONEY TO
BUILD A COTTAGE FOR A RELIABLE
PARTY. ALLOWING THEM TO PAY BUT
A SMALL AMOUNT DOWN AND BALANCE
ON INSTLLMENTS. WE WILL FURNISH
PLAN TO SUIT. SEE THIS LOT IMME-
DIATELY.
$2400 — S-rcom house, with unfinished second
story; lot 75x180; windmill and tank;
chicken houses, fruit and berries; fine lo-
cation; easy terms to right party; more
land adjoining at reasonable figure.
$5000— 5-room cottage; lot 75x150: «ast front;
chicken houses, etc.; death in family re-
quires immediate sale; easy terms.
$1850— 5-room cottage; lot 30x130; high base-
ment; near station and school; terms
small amount down and $15 per month.
$1200— 4-room cottage; lot 80x105; fruit and
/ flowers; near school and electric cars;
$300 down. j
$$50— Cottage; 2 rooms, pantry, etc.; near
electric cars; lot 0Sxl5O; small amount
down and balance on mortgage at S3 50
per month.
*21C0^ — C-room house; large lot: one block from
school and electric cars- near statio-i;
three b«drooms, |»ailor, dining-room, pan-
try, bath, electricity, city water, sewer,
etc.; forfeited by previous buyer and re-
duced to present price; very easy terms
to good party.
SNETSINGER & MATTESON
1214 Fruitvale ave., Frultvale, Cal.
CHAS. F. LEE, Phone Vale 236.
Office half block from the Fruitvale station.
$200 cash — New 0-room cottage, corner lot
being 45x71x104; close to train, fine school and
street cars; monthly payments, $15; price all
told ?11CO. %
$400 cash, balance $14 50 monthly; 4 reon«.
bath, high basement cottage; abundance, of
berries and flowers; two lines of street cars
within a block; fine school; lovely neighbor-
hood; lot 35x140; price all told $1525.
$300 cash, balance $12 per month; large 4-
rcom cottRge; fine well of water: chicken yards
nmi houses; set out in berries and small v«g*-
tables: fine place for a chicken ranch; lot ICOx
215: clcee to the foothills: street cars and fine
school near by: price all told $1300.
$2000— Splendid two-story house, 6 rooms,
bath and pantry, high basement; close to local
train, church and school; fruit trees, berries
and flowers in abundance: lot 45x123; easy
teims If desired.
$75 lots In the beautiful Rosa Lee Tract: fine
soil; grand view; new homes rapidly going up:
! no cold winds or wet fogs and lots only $75
each: $5 down balance ?2 50 per month.
; CHARLES. F. LEE, 1222 Frultvale ave.
SPECIAL
FOR THIRTY DAYS.
LINDA PARK. LINDA PARK. LINDA PARK
The terminus cf 5-c«nt fare. Haywards cars;
Ftreets graded and graveled: stone sld'wa'ki;
depot on tract: lots from $o0 to $200: $20 cash
1 and balance $10 per month: 15 blocks to lcral
I train; br*t llcated property on San Leandro
I road- graded school on tract. Apply to S. S.
I AUSTIN HOI Twenty-third ave.. Oakland.
FRUITVALE — Special bargain. 3-room cottage,
large grounds. $1050: 5-room cottage. 3 blocks
to local, $2250: 6-room cottage, 3 blocks to
local. S2250. These properties must be sold.
We are exclusive ntrents for '¦¦•»-
SATHER TRACT.
Regardless of wfntcr weather, this beautiful
spot is building up fast. Sewpr system, water, j
I electric lights, etc.; lots. 40x125. $400. i
i SYNDICATE INV. CO..blk.from Fruitvale sta. j
I NEAT cottage; 4 rooms and bath; lot 70x114*4:
j lovely garden; leasonable. Call on C. FEIER-
| BACH. Blossom st., near Frultvale ave. . 1
I $200— FRUITVALE lots, two blocks south 14th-
1 street rar. on gather tract. Owner, 1151
j Market St.. room 62. San Francisco.
i OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
I : :
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY. V};
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
HOLCOMB. BREED & BANCROFT. INC..
10C0 BROADWAY, OAKLAND, CAL.
WHY PAY SO MUCH FOR RENT? IT IS
JUST AS EASY TO APPLY SAME AMOUNT
AS INTEREST AND PRINCIPAL ON YOUR j
I OWN HOME. ANY OF THESE PROPERTIES |
ON SMALL PAYMENT DOWN. BALANCE |
MONTHLY, JUST LIKE YOU PAY RENT.
$1700 — Neat cottage: 5 rooms; bath, gas, etc.:
in fine condition throughout; sunny; close
to Telegraph ave. and cross-town Key
Route.
! B. 38
$1*600— New colonial house: 6 rooms; reception
hall; exceptionally t flne dining and living
rooms. 12x22, paneled: gaa and electric
lighting; porcelain bath, open plumbing;
good surroundings: near Telegraph ave.
$2650 — Cottage of 5 rooms; porcelain bath with
nickel trimmings; reception hall with ar-
tistic side window; dining-room paneled:
double china closet, mantel and leaded
glass bric-a-brac case; roomy kitchen; Al
pantry; 2 bedrooms and 2 closets: wash
trays and storeroom; a model home; see It.
$2750. AN UP-TO-DATE COTTAGE* $2750.
Five rooms; reception hall, connecting
dining-room and parlor; cozy window |
seats; fine mantel, bookca.^* and china 1
closet: gas and electric lighting; open
plumbing; porcelain bath, nickel trim- j
mlngs; medicine chest: must be seen to
appreciate its good value: close to Tele-
graph avenue: lot 37:6x115; see photo and
. plans at office.
! . M. A. B.
! $."000 — New colonial house: 8 rooms; bath, etc.:
modern; every up-to-date convenience; lot
42x115: good location and surroundings;
near Telegraph avenue and cross-town
Key Route.
$2250 — New Hi-story cottage: 5 rooms and |
bath; sunny: close to Telegraph ave. and |
Key Route to San Francisco.
P. A.
HOLCOMB. BREED & BANCROFT. INC.,
i060 BROADWAY. OAKLAND, CAL.
S. M. DODGE & EON,
1160 Broadway.
THESE PLACES ARE- WORTH THE
MONEY AND ARE OFFERED BY OUR OF- \
FICE EXCLUSIVELY.
J7C0 — Or $7 per foot for a building lot ICOx
103 near the new ferry line station; li
new houses In the name block: would sell
j 50 feet for $300 if taken within a day
' or two.
$3,S50 — Ntw hcuse: best part of East Oakland;
7 rooms an-.l bath; 45x120; price reduced.
$3,000 — Store ana fiat; corner on Grove st.,
near. _4th et. : enly $750 cash down to
secure it.
$t.30O-SplcmMd lot in Peralta Heights, over-
lor.king Lake Merritt, otc; size, 70xl?3.
1 $12,000 — li:s!t nt all; a piece of husinex prop-
; my at busine-st' center, 40th and San
; Pablo; hizt, 102xl»;7; land worth $10,200;
! inn ruvenu-istft worth \'i that and prl'-e
' only $12,1X0; investigate this; M catii.
t $".'!C0— t-'ulc-nciid 7-room house; very attraet-
; iv*; mar Piedmont ave. cars: near new
. ferry line station: lot C>0xl30; nothing
l'lcsr in Oakland for $:!000.
S. M. DODGE Us. SON,
1160 Broadway.
I • • BELDEN'S "BARGAINS. '¦
$n.".0— I^>t 50x119; on Sherman st., near Tele-
graph ave.
$1500 — Choicest lot in town for the money;
terraced corner: on Filbert and Sixteenth sts. -
30:4x100; surrounded by magnificent homes.
$ 1.150— Choice terraced building lot; 32x100;
on Myrtle st.. near Fourteenth.
$17Gt>— Sightly let, 5Cxl25 on Orange • st.,
Vernon Heights: grand view.
JIS.'O each — Two extra choice lots, &0xl20
j eeth, on Adams fit.. In Adams Point property;
: only 2 at this low figure.
I 527.">0 — Lot 50x100; on Fourteenth st., near
J Madison, Lakeside district.'
I $2C0O— Lot 33:4x100; corner Webster and
Twenty-second st?. ; extra choice neighborhood
and very central.
BELDEN. REAL ESTATE,
1112 Broadway, Oakland. ?
$C500 — A FINE home- In Lake Side district:
thoroughly modern and up to date; 10
rooms; .lot 43x100; 5 blocks from new
Postofrtce; old price $.S0CO; must be sold.
$40C0— A lovely home', near Telegraph" ave. : 9
rooms; . modern In every way; driveway
and : barn: electric . lights In barn; look
- this up at once.
C. K. MARSHALL, 1118 Broadway.
THIRTY-SEVENTH st.. near West; new house
6 large rocms; up to date; 2 blocks from
bank and "Key Route" station; small de-
posit down: private loan; genuine bargain;
will sell carpets. '
OWNER. P. O. box 162.
'.¦!,•¦.-• " .- i ¦ , Oakland. Cal.
FINE ¦ lots . at , a sacrifice on ; Piedmont * and
Morta Vista aves.; good schools and Cne im-
prove rnents; terms to suit the buyer. P, J.
KELLER, 464 Ninth st. .
BERKELEY AD VERT' S'M'NTS
BKKKELEY REAL. ESTATE.
BUT A HOME IX BERKELEY.
IT IS THE LEADING RESIDENCE CITY
ABOUT THE BAY; REAL ESTATE
BOUGHT HERE IS AS SECURE AS U. S.
BONDS. , i: =; V
M. P. W. ALBEE'S
BARGAINS IN
BERKELEY HOMES.
$2200 — 6-r. cottage near North Berkeley sta-
tion; lot 40x135; south and ea_t frontage;
very desirable home.
$3650 — 6-r. house; Hearst ave.; south frontage;
nice home: large lot.
13000 — 5-r. cottage; Haste st.; large lot; terms
easy. -
|5250 — 6-r. house; new lot... 40x135: must be
•old; five minutes' walk, from Dwight
way station: term a easy. -¦¦¦.
$3250 — 7-r. bouse; lot 50x130; Prince St.; south
frontage; close to station.
$3450— 6-r. new house; Ward st; lot 37:6x134;
delightful home.
$5500— 5-r. house; lot 60x137; Grove st., near
Ashby station; can't be duplicated I for
the money.
J3S00— 8-r. house; Parker St.; south frontage;
- lot 50x130; this proposition will maiie
you money.
$4500 — 6-r. sunny corner home; new; conven-
ient to station; all ready to occupy.
$5750— 9-r. lovely home, fronting east; large
- lot: most desirable location.
J6000— 9-r. and attic: North Berkeley, close to
station and electrics; lovely view; new;
south' and west frontages; must be sold.
$6250 — 0-r. sunny house, new and most desir-
able. ,
J650O— 8-r. r.nd attic and basement; new;
North Berkeley; lot 60x135; Just a lovely j
home.
$7500 — 10-r. house and barn; Durant "ave.;
south fronture; large lot; most desirable
home. •
$9000 — I3-r. house; new; most desirable loca-
tion on College nve., near Durant st.: lot
48x200; house has every equipment for a
home; rood investment; will rent for ?T5
per month.
CHOICE RESIDENCE LOT8 IN ALL
PARTS OF BERKELEY" AT BOTTOM
PRICES: $250 UPWARD: ALSO DESIRABLE !
BUSINESS PROPERTY. I
Phone Stuart 1192; 2130 Center st.
M. P. W. ALBEE.
ATTENTION :
Buy a lot In Berkeley and build your home;
200 feet Above tide water; perfect drainage;
good water; grand climate; 32 minutes to 8. F.
Note these real bargains In lota. Sure sharp
advance soon on all of them.
$450 — Large lot near Berkeley Station.
$650 — H)_ltSS feet. North Berkeley Station.
*75O— 102x148 feet, corner, Peralta Park.
S1C30 — Warm corner, near IXfight Way Sta.
$1250 — 50x135 feet, sDUth front, Dwight Way
Station.
$1300— Beautiful lot. Wheeler tract.
$1500—50x145 feet, adjoining U. C. grounds.
$lfMX) — Elegant corner, close to U. C.
In imoroved rroperties we have, far . in-
stance, a new 7-room house, modern, double
"olished floors, siehtly lot. convenient to 1
Noith Berkeley Station : $2900. ]
A stylish G-rooin house, new and up-to-date, £
with nice stable between Telegraph car line
and Dwlzht Way Station, for $3250.
An elegant 10-room house on a grand lot
In the famous Hillegaf* tract, for $G000.
! IF YOU .ARE INTERESTED, SEND TO
US FOR MAPS OF BERKELEY AND FUR-
THER INFORMATION. 'PHONE NORTH 92.
W. R. ELLIS & CO.,
2150 Shattuck ave., Berkeley Station. i
j $3000— HOUSE of 6 rcoms; new; close to
j Berkeley station.
$2300— House of 5 rooms; North Berkeley; easy
payments.
$3200 — Ixively sunny house of 7 rooms, with
stable.
$4000 — 7-room house in Berry Bang? tract.
! $2000— House of C rooms: new; 3 minutes from j
Berktley station; only $1COO down. j
$1000 — New house of 4 rooms; fine corner lot; ¦
street wcrk done; near Key route stetion. '<
$5000 — New house of 7 rooms; east of railroad; !
all modern improvements, including fur- i
nace. ' . • j
$6000 — Fine P-room ' house; lot 70x135; fine
garden, barn, etc.
JOSEPH. J. STASON. Real Estate,
SE. Ccr. Shattuck Ave. and Center St.
$S00O — Corner lot; business property; income,
$600 per year; can be Increased consid:
erably: has an excellent future; see this.
$S65 — .<U500 buys a modern P-room house; lot. j
60x135; conveniently situated and good j
view. i
$4250 — S-rocm house; corner lot; 50x130; a«
good as there in in town.
S. S. QUACKENBCSH,
Real estate, Insurance, Notary Public, 1
2171 SHATTUCK AVENUE. Berkeley, Cal. i
FOR sale— Improved property In all parts of 1
Berkeley at bargains; we will build homes,
according to your plans economically and on |
payments |# E g than . rent; Investigate: we :
have no property of pur pwn to unload; we j
do, net speculate; we. are' here to look after
your Interests.
FRANCIS FERRIER.' Real Estate,
2121 Shattuck Ave..
Opposite BERKELEY Station.
$500— Lot 50x100 within J,i block of San Pablo
ave., just South of Golden Gate Station.
This Is a snap. -. - - ; -. .
W. J. MORTIMER & CO.. Berkeley. ;
$350 AND $400— only" a few lots left in the ;
foothills of Berkeley; north end of town; ;
come and see them. 1
W. J. MORTIMER" & CO., J
2123 Center st., Berkeley. J
$4000 — We have an uo-to-date almcat new j
house of 0 rooms, with all modern con-
veniences, at 6S3 Thirty-sixth St., Oakland.
All rooms Just tinted the newfsrt. colors. Loc ;
40x120, fully improved; 20 fruit trees In the
rear. Will cut above price In order to
make a quick Hale. Phone Derby 1606, W.
J. MORTIMER & CO., Main entrance to
U. C." 2123 Center st., Berkeley.
$2500 — New 5-room house; modern plumbing;
two toilets: street work done; sidewalk laid
eauth; frontage within half block of street
car line ami four blocks of Dwlsht Wa'y
Station; $500 down; balance on easy pay-
ments. ;
CHENEY & BERRY.
Po«tofflce Block. Berkeley, Cal.
FOR SALE —
House, 5 rooms, electric c«rs at door local
2 blocks, $2300, easy terms.
5-room house. $1150, furnished.
10 acres In heart of Berkeley.
J. P. HALE & CO., 1511 Hhattuck ave..
North Berkeley.
ON sunny side of Essex St., one block from
Ashby station, between Adeline and Shattuck
ave.; house of 6 rocms; price reduced $250
for ten days: by owner only. C. R. SHAW,
1660 Eleventh ave.; tel. Brook 130. Make
appointment by mall or telephone.
I A. MURDOCK & CO.. South Berkeley station,
for bargains: we build, buy, sell or exchange.
FRUITVALE ADV'RT ; S'M'NTS
rnu itva le n ea l estate.
H. BARKMEYER, 1206 fruitvale ave., Frult-
vale, Cal.
$1000 — Cottage of 3 rooms; corner lot 50x100;
nice fruit trees In bearing; near Park ave. and
car line leading into Alameda from Oakland.
$1160 — Almost new cottage of 4 rooms; hard
finished; corner* lot, KiOxlOO; fine well and
pump, stable and chicken houses; one block
from car line (Fitchburg).
$1300— Cottage of 4 rooms; hard finished; lot
35x100; half block from Frultvale station on
Fruitvale ave.; terms $1CO cash, balance same
as rent.
$1500 — Modern bay-window cottage of 5 large
rooms and bath, reception hall, fine mantel and
fireplace, sliding doers, hot and cold water,
high basement; lot SOxUO; one block from car
line; see this before buying elsewhere; terms
easy.
$lG00 — A bargain; 2-etory building of 5 rooms
and bath upstairs and store roam downstairs;
half block from Frultvale station, on Fruitvale
ave.; terms $200 cash, balance $10 SO per
month; fine investment.
$2700 — New up-to-date cottage of 0 rooms,
large reception hall, gas and electric lighting,
combination fixtures, porcelain bath, china
closet, etc. ; large lot;, on Frultvale ave.; will
make reduction for cash. For particulars ap-
ply to
HENRY BARKMEYER. 1200 Frultvale ave..
Frultvale. Cal.
H. A. PLEITNER. Fruitvale Station. Cal.
$1650 — New. modem 4-room cottage hall bath'
high, basement, gas etc. ; lot 33:6x104;
street work all done: cement walks; good
plumbing and sewerage; fronting on car
line; $150 down, balance same as rent.
$1350— Fine cottage of 4 rooms, bath, base-
ment all floored; chicken house? fruit
trees; lot 35x114; only half block from
Fruitvale-ave. car line; easy terms If de-
¦ sired.
$950 — Nice 4-room cottage: barn,' chicken-
house, fruit trees, berry vines, etc. ; lot 50x
10JS: 3 blocks from car line. •
$1000— Krjra fine cottage of 5 large rooms, hall,
bath, electric light: lot BOxlOO: fine gar-
den, etc. ; one block from Frultvale sta-
tion. >
$1675 — Modern 4-room collage and bath, large
ball, basement. - gcod sewerage, etc. • lot
30x122:6 to alley 16 feet In rear; close to
local trains; terms to suit.
$1600 — New cottage of 4 rooms and bath, etc.;
laree att'c: lot- TiOxlOO; chicken houses,
etc.: 2 blocks from Frultvale station; this
is a bank sale; most easy terms.
$1050— Nlc« 5-rcom cottage; nil renovated; lot
00x105; sewerage, etc.; clcee to local sta-
tion; a rare snap. . r
$1700 — One acre of fine carden soil: new 4-room
cottage; summer-house; .barn, chicken
. yard and houses; crop of barley and vege-
. tables on the -place; handy: to car line.
H. A. PLEITNER, Fruitvale Elation, Cal.
REAL ESTATE— Conn try—For Sale.
W. J. WHITE.
CHICKEN «£NCHES g EVERTWHER_.
SS^ti.? 300 i Cn " Ot ' hay » a ««*»r: alsTiarga
' u "' ltlH of grain; well fenced and cross-
,5P£ d 8 " rcom re«Wence; farming imple-
.„ * «^T It L Sonomi1 Co -: 8u0 a «e« w «" fenced
w.n _,* ?* : hou JfA 3 lar «« barn »: house;
well watered; 200 acres tillable; all level; 24
acres P-ye*r-old orchard; SO head catUe; 20
begs; farming Implements, etc.; $5000 mcrt-
•5?V#J£f e for bay Property.
$^7.000— In Placer Co., on R, R.— 16S0 acres,
?& V * r bottom . *H can ba ploughed: carry
400 head cattle year round; dwelling; 3 good
barns; farming Implements; £0 head cattle; 12
?£ 5? ri ?* : "» leDi y w ater to Irrigate: part cash.
*£aut> — Sold by order of Superior Court 1080
acres, near Point Arena. -200 acres fine potato
land; appla orchard; 600 acres more could b»
planted; S0O acres heavy timber; well l_j-
rrovea and fenced: One dairy or stock ranch
JoCOO— Best ranch In Southern Oregon; 320
acre*; 2 sets good improvement; well fenced;
orchard; fl horses; farmlr.g tools; outside range.
I3SC0 — Only 2 wiles of town, 155 acres; 10
acrt» old vineyard; family orchard: 60 acres
clover or alfalfa; under 3 ditchee; large new |
l.-arn; wl!i build dwelling to suit buyer; 10 '
fire mlich coivs; 2 geo-i borses; farming lm-
l4fmfnts; eniy flOOo down.
$2500 — 1C0 acres near boat and cam, Sonoma
Co.; good C-rccm house; vineyard, orchard,
barn, outbuildings, horses, cow, poultry, $200-
job can b« had with the place.
tSCOtj — One mile P. O.. schools arid stores- i
255 acres; 40 level; 10 could be irrigated- '<
hcuse. large bnrn. outhouses; well fenced and
cross-fenced; 15O hens; new buggy, wagon
farming tools: 20 head cattle; 3 welis; water
pip*-d to buildings; farnlture. ''
$4500— Two and half miles lire town and
n. R.: 400 acres; 40 In grain on creek about ;
100 acres more bottom land; 10 acres full bear- i
ing orchard: balance timbered p_sture; house 1
barn, eic; fine place for resort or sanitarium; i
not f*i- from city.
$5000 — 3 miles of Santa Cruz. 47 acres; 18
Under cultivation, balance fine pasture- 3C5 :
assorted fruit trees; 15 K> grap««: windmill and I
tank: water piped to buildings and yards; j
splendid 8-room hard finished house, good 1
stable and poultry houses; span good horses; 2 |
cows; 7 doxen hens; single and double buggies <
and harness; hay; farming tools and furniture;
trade for No. 1 property around bay. • j
$2650—160 acres. 8 miles of Napa City 3 i
rall«s P. C; 20 acres under cultivation: 15
acres full bearing fruit: 15 acres fine grain- !
« acres mon could be cultivated; balanco ;
broken and rocky; hcuse. barn, poultry houses
Incubator, brooders. 2 wagons, 2 carts, horse,' '
cow. poultry, tools.
$3CtO— 160 rcres. at str.tlon and near Santa
Cruz. :15 acres clear; orchard; 10-room house;
outbuilding*; mortgage 12000; trade equity. !
S3500 — Near San Jose. 14 acres bearing fruit. '
mostly prunes; facilities for irrigation; build-
ings.
s.^250 — " r - acres randy loam, only 2 and a half
miles of Petaiuma; house, 5 rooms and bath;
part cash.
$750— Gold mine, with abaft and fine body
of ore In sight. El Dorado Co.; would exchange j
for vacant lot.
$l_00 — 20 acres, near Sebastopol. Sonoma I
Co.; 6 acres clear: 4 acres bearing apples; i
running stream; buildings; rich sandy loam;
easy terms.
$2250 — Best equipped poultry farm in th« '¦¦
Ftate; 12 acres rich valley land. 2 miles of
Callstoga; furniture, poultry, stock, wagons, I
tools; all go.
$1800 — Near Sevastopol; 16 acres; orchard, I
berries; pasture: fenced 3 or 4 fields; easy
terras. I
$1800 — 240 acres. 5 miles of Soledad, 5 acres |
bearing orchard, 10 acres bearing grapes, 40
acres bottom land: bouse, barn, packing-house, j
tools; water piped to buildings and pasture; :
equity $MX>; to exchange.
SO acres; 15 creek bottom: fruit, grapes,
berries, buildings; one mile town; tools; $600.
Send stamp for printed list.
W J WHITE. 26 Montgomery St.. room 8.
PROPERTY EXCHANGES A SPECIALTY.
$22 50 PER arre — 628 acres. San Joaquln
County (no floods). 40O acres in grain. 200
acres summer fallow; 7-room house, 2 large
bams: ail fenced and cross-fenced: wind-
mill and link: snap bargain: half cash.
MOORE INVESTMENT CO.. 035 Market St.,
room 6. V '
FARM to let, 400 acres; 100 acres summer fal-
low, ready to sow; barley; plenty wood and
water: 300 acres of pasture connected; all
fenced; either cash, rent cr part of crop;
about cejiter of State. Answer, box 2G57,
Call office.
TO close estate — Country place in center of
Montecito Valley. Santa Barbara: nearly 12
acres: well located: good S-room house, sta-
b!». 2 good wells, fruit and shade; furnished
or unfurnished: at less than cost. Address
box 34. Montecito. Cal.
LARGE tract of land for sale— I will sell
144,01)0 acres in Lower California, fronting
15 miles on the gulf, for thirty cents per
acre; land will produc* cotton, corn, sugar
cane and fruits, and will carry 75,000 head
of cattle the year round: titl* perfect. W.
R. THOMAS. 464 Ninth St.. Oakland. Cal.
FOR eale — Country homes in every county in
California, at all prices, from $450 00 to
$75,0<v> 00. Immense list to select from. If
you w-ant land of any kind call on
HOWE & MERRITT.
952 Broadway. Oakland.
FOR rent — Ten, acres, all In fruit; good house,
8 rooms and bath, hot and cold water; first -
class garden land.
P. W. ANDERSON,
127 San Pablo Ave., ..;
Oakland.
$3000 — 150 ACRES improved mountain farm,
forty miles from San Francisco; good house,
large barn. cuthouFes, abundance wood and
water: exchange for residence about bay or
sell on easy terms. Apply O\$ner, 00U
Hearst building.
POPULATION of Eureka, Cal., increased 50
per cent last 3 years; list of bargains. W. T.
BONESTELL. 428 Third St.. Eureka, Cai.
MENLO — 10 acrps; sacrifice, account departure.
Bex 2477, Call.
8A.N MATEO HEAL ESTATE.
BAN MATEO SAN MATEO
THE FINEST SUBURBAN P.ESIDENCE
DISTRICT NEAR £AN FRANCISCO.
We have a choice list of excellent residence
propertl_>, villa sites and acreage. Don't fall
to see us before buying. Investigate Ean
Mateo Park. Tbe Ideal property of them all.
Lots of about cne acre each. Easy terms.
Bound to be most valuable. Bee our local
agent. Frank B. Grummon. Ean Mateo office
cpen Sundays.
BALDWIN & IIOWELL, 25 Post •_
SAN MATEO. BURLING AME.
Best suburban homfcs^near San Francisco; t.o
ferry, electric railroad now running; lots and
residences for sale; we can sell good .lots aa
low as $500 each; v/e will be clad to show
them: we also have some acreage land near by
as low as $100 to $200 per acre.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
108 Montgomery St., San Francisco.
Resident agent, S. G. GOODHUE, Western
Union Telegraph building. San Mateo.' '¦¦''¦
FOIXT RICiniOXD REAI, ESTATB.
WATER front lots and bargains: all tracts;
maps, photos, etc. BELL, 417 Parrott bldg.
; REAL. ESTATE TO KXCIIA.XGE.
NORTHEAST CORNER.
Over 5000 square feet, value $S0OO: will ex-
change for new flats near park or Western
Addition; fin* site for factory, dairy depot,
llwry stable or flats. JULIEN SMITH, real
estate agent, 420 Montgomery st.
OAKLAND property to exchange- for country
property. P. C. LASSEN, 466 Tenth St.,
Oakland. Cal. JL 1 '- '
HEAL ESTATE WAMED.
1 ' ¦ ¦¦ '-¦ ...... ¦¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ' ¦
NORTH Beach property from $50C0 up.
GANCO. GUNZ & CO.. 634 Market et., opp.
Palace Hotel.
ALAMEDA ADVERTIS'MENTS
ALAWEUA UK At. ESTATE.
ALAVIEDA.
We will go to-day. Why, to pick out a
home. Space prohibits enumeration, but be-
low will be found a few leaders for this
week. / ?'-.:'. i\.
LAST WEEK A RECORD BREAKER.
<U
Beautiful small modern cottage of 5 rooms
and bath, completely and artistically fur-
nished; flowers l_ abundance; lot 55-fr>ot
front; must be fold this week; price, $2300;
BNAP.
<2J
$2500 — Cottage of 5 rooms and bath; en-
tirely modern: porcelain tub; fine laV.-n: $309
down; balance ramt aa rent.
$2200 — Colonial cottace, 6 rooms and bath;
entirely modern. Here's a chance of a life
time; fee to-Uay.
<O
$4500— $!5<»0 down win buy a beautiful mod-
eru 9-room V.ouse, almost . new; beautiful
l_*-n; situated in cboiKst residence part of
HOUSES BUILT ON THE INSTALLMENT
PLAN.
SALESMAN AT OFFICE TO-DAY.
HAMMOND & HAMMOND.
1422 PARK ST.
BARGAIN — 2-stoiy house and lot, 1500 block
Railroad avt., Alameda: cash or easy terms.
Further particulars, • Macdcnald Lumber Co.,
Merry, Et., bet. Third and Fourth, a. F.
NEW comnlete cottage, 5 rooms, open for In-
spection this week and until sold. 1020 Fair
Oaks ave., Enclnal Park Station. Alameda.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH . G, 1904
44
BUSINESS CHANCES— Contlnged.
A. CAMERON &-CO Phone South ,1050
.'{ Eddy st., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
Oyster and chophouses. ...$350 to $1000
, Candy and Ice cream parlors.. .$200 to $2500
Barber shops .$500 to $2500
Cigar stands $.{50 to $2000.
Groceries and bars ........ .$500 to $5000
Saloons $300 to $10,000
. Restaurants .'.$350 to $20,000
Fruit ami vegetable Mores $30O to $1000
Drug stores $.000 to $tWOO
Delicatessen store* $250 to $ J500
Wood nnd coal yards $250 to $1000
FOR sale — Beautiful mountain resort, less than
30 minutes' ride from depot of b*st interior
city in State: less than 3 hours' ride from
Ban Francisco; 20 acres land; 36-room furn.
hotel, with barns, sheds, etc.; 3 years' lease; I
can get longer: rental S5&0 per year; horses,
buggies, 2 cows; bar well equipped: billiard
tabl-, piano: raise* own fruit, vegetables,
hay, chickens, etc.; big money to be made;
price $2500; account death. CAMERON &
CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR "sale or trade — Quartz mine; flne prospect;
located In CeI.; assays $40 to $70 ton: trade
for r'mg-house or business. Comeron, 3 Eddy. ¦¦
FOR sale — Well-located candy store; all equip- :
ment for making own candles; established 8 j
yeara; clears over $2C0 per month; will in-
voice about $1200. 1 CAMERONyS Eddy 6t.
FOR eale — Ono of the best restaurants in city:
» cheap rent; receipts $75 to $100 day; will
bear investigation: price S150O. CAMERON
& CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR Pale, or will trade for small ranch — Fine
hardware and electrical supply store; well
located; clearing $300 p«r month; flrst-class
proposition; will stand strict investigation;
price $S00O. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
A — $1CO REWARD.
will be paid for legal proof showing that
any person ever, lest a dollar who Invested
any money In our company.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT COMPANY,
Incorporated under the laws of California.
Capital stock, $50,000.
827 Market St., rooms 321, 322. 323, 324.
HOTEL FOR~SALK
New and modern; SO rooms; rich furnished,
complete and ready for occupancy; large din-
ing-room with 16 tables and imported Vienna
chairs; the best carpets money can buy
finest linen and best silver ser-
vice; 10 years' lease: $10,000; easy terms.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.,. 027 Market at.
A SAFE INV7ESTMENT.
$1000 cash and services secure Interest and
office of treasurer In an Incorporated realty
and investment company; $150 monthly as-
sured; highest references.
GERMANIA INVEST CO., 927 Market st.
A— 2 PER CENT MONTHLY
On investments of $100 and upward: no •'get-
rich-quick swindle or gambling scheme, but
a reputable business estab. 3 years in S. F.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market et.
THE BEST INVESTMENT.
100 shares of gold stock of the Norton Bay
Co.. $25; will be worth $200 by August, 1904.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market et.
LODGLSG-HODSES FOtt SAX. K.
MARION GRIFFIN.
408 Hearst building, over Examiner entrance.
Modern business mathods in fine front offices.
Phcne Black 3»J07, or take elevator to 4th floor.
Up-to-date, title abstract free with every sale.
We do bOs"lness strictly according to law.
23 rooms; Batter St.; rent $75; clears
$100 month; well furnished; all men;
a good bargain. . • „ ($1500)
13 rooms; elegant furniture; lease; .
north of Market; new and the very
pink of perfection.
32 rooms; offer wanted; '3-year lease:
sunny side; central; transient and
permanent. ($2000)
50 rooms; new house; new and elegant
furnishings; 8-year lease; clears
$190 month; all men roomers.
150 rooms in apartments; new house;
newly furnished; full of select peo-
ple and pays big dividends.
16 rooms: housekeeping: rent $50; in-
come $1J2; 3 blocks of Market; sun-
ny side; half cash. . ($750)
— — —
117 rooms; rent .$330; income $800; j
lease if desired; nicely located; north* |
of Market st. ¦ ¦ ($6500)
29 rooms: new house; new furniture X? -» !
rent $60; 3-year lease; apartments;
mechanics. ($1500)
21 rooms; rent $70; clears $75; you
only $500 in cash for first payment. ($1300)
15 rooms; near Geary St.; 5 blocks of
Market st. ; sunny; first payment
$500; well furnished. ($1000)
16 rooms; north of Market st;. 10
newly furnished, 6 unfurnished;
rent $45; all full. ($500)
CO rooms; electric elevator; nice trade:
clears $300 per month; books open
. for your examination. ($6000)
S5 rooms- new; corner; rent $375; in-
come $t>SO; 5-year lease; extra easy
terms. ($6500)
53-room corner; rent $225; clears $176;
5- year lease; transferable; clean; re-
spectable. - ($4000)
51 rooms; a small house; finely fur-
nished; 5 blocks north of Market St.;
• easy terms. ($6500)
200-room apartment house: new;
modern: 10-year lease; should clear
$1000 month. . ($15,000)
44 rooms; new* hous'e; new furniture;
5-year leaser electric lights; only
$1200 down. ($2S0O)
14 rooms; private boarding-house; 27
' boarders; established 8 years; sunny;
quiet. ($700)
11 rooms, partly furnished; rent $23;
2 floors; full of roomers. ($200)
8 rooms; corner flat; near City Hall; .
rent $30; income $50; $200 down and
monthly installments.
30 rooms: 8 blocks north: new house: "
new afid elegant furniture; long:
lease; clears monthly - ($200)
45 rooms; corner north of Market St.:
owner out of city; a bargain; half
cash. ($2000)
60 rooms: private^ hotel; rent $250:
clears $450 per month; adapted to
lady management. "/ ($350)
22 rooms; corner: all sunny room*;
north of Market st.: flne location; .
big bargain for a lady. '
$100 (as first payment); splendid,
newly furnished little transient
house. . ($400)
• SPECIAL NO. 15.
275 PER MONTH Income over rent: large
house; central: price $3500; 1/1 cash and little
monthly installments; furnishings in good or-
der; it's A No 1 for you if you have $1750 in
MARION GRIFFIN, rm. 406. Examiner bldg.
C. E. HINKLEY, PKONE MINT 790.
1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
Country correspondence promptly answered.
Clear titles. Reliable dealings. Easy terms.
tn rooms; mechanics' house; rent $4O .$375
CO rooms; trade for ranch: clears $3SO.
14 rooms; rent $80; amazingly low .price.. $350
34 rooms; rent $80; Just think!. ....$1560
23 rooms; rent S35; one floor $1100
0 rooms; rent $20; a pick-up.. ....$130
20 rooms; clears $80; rent $40 $850
40 rooms: mechanics' house: rent $60 $1000
16 rooms; rent $50; clears $<53; terms $»5O
31 rooms; sunny corner; Tent $55.... $l<;oo
12 rooms; California St.; rent $30; snap..$7KO
13 rooms; Geary st.: clears $40; rent $-8..$50O
15 rooms; 6 unfurnished; rent $45 .$425
3.1 -rooms; transient; lease ...............$1500
8 rooms; Post St.; rent $32; only.... ....$250
13 rooms; Polk at.; partially furnished... $450
.__— , — — — — —
$1500— ROADHOUSE; flne grounds; good
trade; fine furniture; elegant business loca-
tion; slightly run down, but with energetic
couple could be made a bonanza; long lease
can be obtained at a very reasonable* rent.'
UNION BUSINESS EXCHANGE, 093 Mk_
$2300 — GOOD proposition In 37 rooms on Mar-
ket st., clearing $200 a' month: lease.
UNION BUSINESS EXCHANGE. 093 Mkt.
100 ROOMS, sunny corner, rent $125.... ?4.VX)
40 rooms, south of Market, rent $110. . 2600
40 rooms, Mission warm belt, rent $65. 2250
20 rooms, summer resort, rent $400 yr. : 550
14 rooms, fine location, rent low....... 700
Hotels and summer resorts. ¦
. EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny st.
J. ANDERSEN, ¦ Phone Folsom 1503'.
035 Market St., room 1, between 6th and 6th.
Rooming-houses sold on easy payments.
A— Bargain ;, . . .. $250o Bargain
..$2500 To-day $2500..
. .Very. • ... .'. ;..... Best .'. .Lease. .
Market St.; 35 rooms: rent $140 50; water and
lights free; rooms all rented by 11 p. m.; $200
1110. profit guaranteed. Where can you do bet-
ter? Investigate for yourself. J. ANDERSEN.
A -WELL paying 14-room - house, -east of Van
Ness;, best location; reas.. Box 2292, Call.
EDDY, 618 — An upper flat of 8 rooms; sunny
all day-; well furnished; a bargain.
EDlTCATIOXAIi — Continued.
MRS. MARTHA te*ch-
er of German. French. Spanish; recaKes pu-
plls at 9-ti Oak st. t
YOUNO lady." thorough musician, will give
lessors and pay part for board and room,
references. Box 43J7. CaH otflce.
A MUSICIAN- teaches piano and singinsr thor-
oughly in 6 mos.: ?-1 mo. Box 2302. Call.
BANJO, piano, mandolin thoroughly taught;
lessons 50c. 301 Franklin St.. n<-r Hayes.
DANCING: stage an.l fancy. Mrs. A. Bugbee.
103a Bush; class Thursday afta. : vis- tnvlteq.
MANUSCRIPTS (business or literary), revised,
typewritten. E. DIXO^.Jl611_La*una_st.
KENT Law School: furnishes free books: al-
ways ooen. 536 Parrott building.
BANJO. mandolin and guitar thoroughly
taught; orchestra practice. 483 Geary it.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano. $3 per mo.:
mandolin club $1 per mo. 828 Halght st,
ESPANOL— Metodo practlco y progrestva.
Rafael Serrano. 5."0 California, cuarto nm. 4,
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINQTON'S. 42* Pine St.— Night class.
PIANO lessons! 23c half hour. MRS. PECK,
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sl-ta.
EPANISH.French.etc. Prof.DeFilippe'sAcademy
of language.3-0 Pcst;estabd 1871; ablest profs.
DEXTISTS.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr Eleventh
— No chars, for extracting: when plates ar«
made; old plates made over Ilk* new: tee_.
f rom $S per set ; extracting SOc; gas given.
A NEW plate— The Whalebone— cannot break:
warranted 20 yrs; crown. $3 50; fillings. 50c;
plates. $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago D»ntal Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. H. G. YOUNG — Bridges and teeth wltl»-
out plates a specialty. 1841 Polk st.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver. 33c: crowns. $2; no
paln;open Sundays. Dr. O.B.Hewitt. 204 Sutter
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bu3h—
Set teeth, $1 50 up: crowns. $2 up:flIUngs,-3c.
ARTHUR CHISHOLlf. surseon-dentist.r.l4.1st
floor. Phelan bid.. 806 Market, cor. O* Parrel!.
I EMP_OYJIE.TT OFB1CES. .
Gl£SR^^bKir<2ripost St.; tel. Bush 133—
Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help, etc
A — ORPHEUM Employment Offlce^ — Japaaes*-
Chlnese help. 426 Powell st. Tel. Mala S7.X
CHINESE Employment Office — Best help at
Leon Seung's. 411 V3 O'Farrell; tel. East i'JO.
FRITZ'S Emp. Office; Japanes* and Chines*
help. 413 Stockton. Tel. Grant 163.
• RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 815 Stockton: Main. S1SS.
CHINESE and Japanese help: estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY A CO.. «4O Clay
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMA— _.
A STRONG youn* woman, good cook, S year**
references, wants a place at general house-
work (no windows to wash>: wages $30. Of-
fice hours 8:30 a. m. to 5:30. Call up MI33
PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter St.. near Powell.
A YOUNG Irish girl with good references
wants second work at g_O a month. Office*
hours 8:30 a. m. to 3:30 p. m. CaH up Mala
5472. MISS PLUNKETTS EMPLOYMENT
BUREAU, 425 Sutetr St.. near, Powell.
MIDDLE)- AGED American woman, day work-
er, some days unoccupied, wishes horn* ia
gentleman's house in return for services; best
references. Please call Sunday or Wednes-
day, 1204 Mission St.. upstairs.
DRESSMAKER wishes a few more- engage-
ments by the day 'or at home; tailor made
and all kinds of fane;' embroidered and
1 wedding gowns a specialty; $4 per day. 713
Post, phone Larkln O7.
A REFINED girl, good sewer, wishes a posl-
tion as seamstress; ia willing- to help with
the upstairs work, but not to wait on the
table. Inquire 516 Van Nesa ave., basement
floor.
AN experienced stenographer desires a perma-
nent position with reasonable salary; has
some knowledge of bookkeeping; Al refer-
«»nces. Address box 2.»4. Call.
A FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes work by
the day or at home; flne shirtwaists and
summer dresses: $2 an<l lunch. 27B Pearl
St.. between Valencia. Market and 13th sts.
EXPERIENCED lady's nurse wishes a f*w
more engagements; best of references; terms
$10 a week. Call MRS. WILSON. 474 »
Tehama st.. near Sixth.
POSITION by neat, refined Eastern woman;
elderly; likes children ; good plain cook- ca-
¦pable entire work of family; wages $1_. Hot.
24^4, Call office.
COMPETENT woman wants laundry work an.
cleaning for every other Thursday and Fri-
day; no windows. MRS. MORRIS. 304 Sev-
enth st., flat B.
COMPETENT woman would like laundry work
or cleaning for every other Thursday and
Friday; no windows: $1 60 per day. URi
MORRIS. 304 Seventh St.. flat B.
DRESSMAKER, suitmaker. cutter and fitter:
gowns made at home; only flrst-clajis work
done: engagements by the day. E. C. BARS3
the Sherman House. 28 Eighth at.
HOUSEWORK by neat experienced girl; ex-
cellent cook; small family; city or across
bay; no answer unless fare; wages $23.
PROFESSIONAL French cook by day for din-
ners and receptions; also cooking lessons
given; city or vicinity; price moderate. Box
A FIRST-CLASS laundress wishes Thursday
and Friday work; can do any kind of work-
reference If wanted: $150 per day and carl
fare. Phone Red 4641.
PROFESSIONAL nurse wishes eare of Invalid
at $40 per month, or confinement cases at $15
per week. Address MRS. H. H. B. 1SG4
Hv.de st. .
FIRST-RATE cook wishes few mor« customer.
by day; gets up dinners, parties and lunca-
eons: city or vicinity. Box 2474. Call office.
REFINED lady would like- position as house-
keeper or companion; references. Call SIT
Van Ness ave.. between 1 and 4 p. m.
A RELIABLE woman would like hon*ewor1c or
. washing by the day. Call or address MRS.
L. LEECH. 148 Sixth st. ««-—
GERMAN lady, experienced traveler, desires
position with lady or elderly couple- good
nursg and housekeeper. 1341 Mission, box A.
A LADY wants work at homa and stylish
clothing for children: all kinds of nice, hand
work a specialty. 833 Hyde st.
TKOROUOHLT competent woman wants po.1-
tion as managing housekeeper; eovatrr m.
f erred. 615 Larkin st.. box S. couaurr pt *"
COMPETENT woman would ltk« a situation
to do cooklne and down stairs work. Ad-
dress box 2343. Call office.
YOUNO lady wishes to coach children or adults
Jn primary or grammar studlea. Aa<ire__
MISS A. I.. 1033 Sanche- st. -*««ess
A GERMAN lady wishes to do up curtains-
flrst-class style at reasonable prices- refer-
ence if wanted. Phone Red 4641.
A WILLING youne woman wishes som» kind
l^Ses-TTst* 0 d °* Addr *»" MR 3- SMITH.
POSITION by first-class second cM; beet r«f-
erences. Please call Monday, from 12 to |
P. m.. at 1230 O'Farrell st.. Y _. C A
A _^_?£W-~=M
DRESSMAKER u* ladle,- , M ] on „ _>r».f '
A LADY would like position- n>-s» v~ T~
no objection to children'; "will S^l I
charge. Address Housekeeper. 14^9 ¦_& 0o f _g
A WOMAN wants work by th» *-..
S1S J; " ~ «* ~*U a Vr£_£
D^fr! M w V oSnre^e rt w ei m e o d r e en^ ««" «*
the day; terms rZ^^jg**™*****, *y
NURSE, with hospital experience _,» ..
garment: best reference"- si-; wlsilM •"•
A. W.. 1231B Broadway * * U per week -
' J
REL»IABI_E woman wits •>«.-* .-_
port, wishes wSk' wlt£ A^ 'A,» W *o
cty or country. Bc« Xm?<3$R^j 0 to »^
A TRUSTWORTHY colcn>d » nm * "
eral housework in small f a^,T n want> « en -
Box -35.. Can. family; no washing.
WOULD like to have a few a " "
-^^«f-_____i^a^^
B P-^^aTaaleTialyT
YOUNG lady, experienced in »«"v
Uon3. potion ia'sSr^Yl "J^t
LOnOIXG HOUSES FOR «AI,K— Con.
A. CAMERON & CO. Phone South -050.
3 Eddy st.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for rooming-houses, hotels and
all kinds of business chances.
86 rooms; corner; rent only $500: best down-
town house In city; electric elevator; well fur-
nished; guaranteed to' clear $400 to $500 per
month: books open for inspection; everything
In flrst-class shape; on account other business.
7-room flat; rent $40; oak furniture; good
carpets; sickness; price $350.
72 rooms; rent $400; elegant new building;
swell family hotel; beautiful furnishings: clear-
ing $C0O per month; every room full; will
stand the strictest investigation; location un-
surpassed.
19 rooms; rent only $100; well furnished; lit-
tle apartment-house; reduced to $1100.
10C rooms; cheap rent; first-class, up-to-date
commercial house; clearing $330 to $400 per,
month; going East. .
8 rooms; upper flat; elegantly furnished; oak
furniture; Axminster carpets; beautiful flat.
1C2 rooms: most elegantly appointed apart-
ment-house in San Francisco: beautiful, mod-
ern building; fine entrance; cheap rent; clear-
Ing $400 per month; 5- year lease; part cash,
balance 8 p«r cent £>er year.
IS rooms; rent $S3; well furnished; all new;
$000 down, balance 1& per cent; flne buy; only
I— S9.
128 rooms; rent only S4 per room; new and
up-to-date house; all men; electrto elevator,
lights; long lease; clears $100 to $500 per
month; one of tha best buys in the city.
8-room upper flat; corner; all sunny rooms;
beautiful little gem of a home; price $750.
126 rooms; flne downtown corner house: pri-
vate baths; beautiful furniture; 2 entrances;
takes In 930 to $10 per day transient, besides
regular roomers; will bear investigation.
12 rooms; Post; oak furniture; Brussels car-
pets; clears $50; $500 cash, balance on install-
ments; price $800.
9-roorn, new, modern flat; 4 months; elegant-
ly furnished; cost over $1800; a bargain; sick-
ness.
SO rooms; elegantly furnished; flne location;
close in; new and modern throughout; full, and
clearing $250 to $330 per month; must be sold
to t-ettle an estate; only face of mortgage now
on it asked: chance of a lifetime.
00 rooms; part offices; elegant new building
and furniture; high-class location; beautiful
.halls; everything modern; flrst-class grill In
connc-ctlon; best proposition in city; called
East. >
13 rooms; rent $23; some housekeeping; clears
$50; barn, with flne yard; half cash, balance
time.
220. rooms; new and -Up-to-date apartment-
[ house; luxuriously furnished; 8-year contracts
I for cheap lighting; grand new building; clear-
ing $400 to $000 per month; obliged to leave
city.
30 rooms; rent $35; flne location; all on 2
floors; o years' lease; clears $100; full; $2000.
- 11 rooms; rent $40; close In oak. cherry fur-
niture; Brussels carpets; clears $55 over all
expenses; $400 cash, balance time; snap; $700.
4ft rooms; rent only $65; well located hotel
south of Market r fine bar, well stocked; brick
building; electric lights; everything good con-
dition; part cash, balance time; price $2500;
will exchange this with good real estate for
large dpwntown house.
25 rooms; rent $140; hot and cold water; part
housekeeping; all full; clears $150 per month;
well furnished; leaving city; gift; $1200.
50 rooms; new; modern apartment-house; 10-
year lease; cheap rent; clearing $250 to $300;
very central; flrst-class proposition.
71 rooms; elegant, new, modern building; in
one of the best cities In Southern California;
electric lights; hot and cold water; everything
up to date; 0-year lease; rent only $200; clear-
ing $250 to $300 per month; owner sick abed.
23 rooms'; well furnished: flrst-class tran-
sient house; 2 blocks off Market; 6- year lease; '
clearing over $100; good buy for some one.
S3 rooms; rent qnly $150; close In; thorough-
ly renovated, put in flrst-class condition; can
be run transient if desired; clears now $183
per month; part cash, balance time; good
money-maker. S
14 rooms: cheap rent; furnished in oak; Ax-
minster and Brussels carpets; new; half cash,
balance long time; make offer; departure.
1 _____
' 31 rooms: rent $110; all light rooms; clear-^'
ing over $100 per mo.; regular snap; only $800
to get in; must leave city at once; price $1300.
21 rooms, well furnished; flne little down-
town transient house; clearing $100 per month;
obliged to leave the city; $1700.
20 rooms; cheap rent: oak and cherry furni-
ture; Moquet carpets; good lease; clearing $125
per month; part cash, balance time.
17 rooms; rent only $75: Ellis; oak furni-
ture; good carpets; clears $60; leaves 3 rooms
for landlady; fine opportunity to get good house
reasonable. . ¦
H. C. DECKER. 906 Market st.
Headquarters for rooming-houses,
Apartment-Houses, Hotels.
Flats and private homes.
From 4 to 400 rooms. Prices from $50 to
$25,000. Money to loan on any house.
To buy or sell a house, see
H. C DECKER, 900 Market. Phone John 531.
MITCHELL & CO ..Phone Jessie 20S1
1200 Market St., opposite Sixth.
1G rooms: neat, sunny, two-floor house; rent
$40; sell or exchange; price $630.
63 rms,:' downtown house: steady; transient;
clearing $350 monthly; handsomely furnished.
2C rms.; choice corner rooming-house; unex-
celled for transient as well as steady roomers.
25 rooms: well appointed housekeeping
suites; landlady must sell; make offer.'
MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market st.
A— JOSEPH RKIRM. ROOM 72.
6 Eddy St., cor. Powell.
PHONE GREEN 631.
For quick results call on me. I can give you
now some choice bargains in flats, rooming
apartment houses. Bear in mind when
Vou do business through my office it is not
necessary for you to have all the cash; we
loan you all the money you may require. Give
us a call. SKIRM. 6 Eddy st.
C2-ROOM nicely furnished, centrally located
house for sale. Address WILSON, 400 Tay-
lor st. ; . \
A— $1000; house of 30 rooms, 37 beds; rent $100,
lease ct 4 years: good furniture; rooms always
occupied. See R. G. WILK1E. 2G% Kearny st.
18 ROOMS rent $70: lonsr lease: furnished new;
clears $60. Call 'at 856 Ellis St.
SNAP — Lodging-house, 100 rooms; furniture
new; this week only, at 24 Turk st.
LODGING-HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED — A lodglns-hou!>e of about 35 to 40
rooms. Address box 2951. Call office.
CO— Mcnog orricrB.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. ' Pacific Collection Co.. 415
Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. Main 5530.
COTTAGES' TO LET.
COTTAGE to let. Inquire GEORGE. RYAN,
corner Twenty-elehth and Alabama sts.
— TO HOT.
FOR rent — Furnished cottages for housekeep-
ing on the beautiful Hotel Mateo grounds,
San Mateo. Apply on premises.
DKKSSMAKKUS A.>O SUAMSTKESSH*
DRESSCUTTING, DRESSMAKING.TAILOR.
ING taught by McDOWELL'S perfect system.
Practical course in millinery. Enter now for
spring styles and good positions. Special rates
to pu jt.Is entering this -week. Patterns cut to
measure. Linings fitted. McDowell's. 1019 Mkt.
Accordion, sunburst and knife plaiting; double
stamps on dress linings. Stewart's button and
buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor; tel. Folsom 2121.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
, Patterns cut to measure: eve, class 1019 Mkt.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. DR. MARTIN, wonderful spiritual healer
and business medium; readings daily. SI; de-
veloping class Thursday 8 p. m. 502 Eddy st.
MME. PHILLIPS, noted clairvoyant and card
reader. . 23c •" and SOc short time only; all
work guar.; hrs.. 10-8. 873 Mkt., suite 81-2.
C. V." MILLER'S materializing seance Sunday.
1 o'clock. SI. 1084 Bush: phone Larkln 41S3.
MRS. LESTER, 963 Mission; life reader, busi-
ness medium; read, daily; dr. to-night, 10c.
EL1SE BRAUN, renowned psychic My readings
demonstrate my wonderful powers. 866 Bush.
EDWARD EARLE. 1052 Ellis, readings dally.
.': 9:30 to 4; 'seances Sunday and Thursday.
A MATERIALIZING seance Sunday at 2 and
' -8 p. m.; 50c 328 Ellis st. ¦ , \- ¦
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted clairvoyant and
slate- writer. 1112 Eddy st. Phone Scott 837.
CHURCH SEtt VICES.
UNITARIAN Church (First). S.W. cor. Geary
and Kianklin tt» — Rev. Bradford Leavitt,
minitttr. K<-v. Mr. Levitt and Rev. C.
Rues*, EuptK of Sunday reboot. Junior
church and ."uaday school are at 10 o'clock.
Sunday service is at H o'clock. Rev. J. K.
_<.lx_n, president Pacific Seminary, will
rrtach. Mr. Leavitt will occupy the pulpit
of the Flrfft Church in Oakland. Music by
quartet, under direction of II. BrcthericJs,
organist. All are cordl-lly invited.
UNITARIAN Church (Second), comer Twen-
tieth and Capp sts. (take Mission or Valencia
tlrt-et car) — Rev. Jay William Hudson, min-
ister; residence. 000 Ca] p ft. The Sunday
school meets at 9:45 o'clock. Mr. W. C. Max-
veil superintendent. At the morning service,
at 11 o'clock, R»v. Jay William Hudson will
pivacn subject, "The Higher Sacrifice.
Music by orchestra and choir, under the di-
rection of Mr. Jsblsh C'.enjer.t All the .eats
ere free. No evening service.
FIRST Presbyterian Church, Van Ness ave.
and Sacramento St.— Rev. William Kirk
Cuthrie paster Services st 11 a. m. and
7:30 p. 'm EveniiiK-wubJect. "The Doctrine
of the Return. " The pastor will preach at
both services Sab!>alh echoo!. 1T:3O p. m.;
Christian Endeavor. 6:15 and 6:15 p. m.
Wednesday fc r> in., midweek service; leader.
Mr. Gutfciie; subject. -Tte Prophecy of
Isaiah." ' mday S p. m., monthly meeting
c? Men's Club; Subject for discussion. '"*\o-
ir.an Suffrage." All are cordially invited.
CALVARY rresbyterian Church, corner Jack-
•un and Fillmcre st_.— Rev. John Hrmphll!.
r».D pastor. Morning service at. 11 « clock.
-venVng ..ervlce at 7:30 o'clock. Professor
Hugh \V. Otlctatst WB1 preach at both s*jr-
icw. In the e\»r.:nK there will be special
music by the choir. Sabbath school at 8 :-'J ]
a. m . cre!)crtral muiic. Christian Endeavor
mating at 0:15 P- m- Pray*-r meeting I
Wrdtiis-fliy «-vt.nin_- at 8 o'clock. All are
cordially Invited.
FinS=T Cor.grt-Katlonal Church. corner Post
_-._ Marcn »ts. — Rev. George C. Adams, D.
D pastor will rreach at both services. At
ll_ m.. topic. ••Greater Works." Reception
of members snd lioly communion. At 7:45
p. m. to;'.c. "Elessed Are They That
lio-jrn." All are cordially Invited.
J»LVJ_OL'TH Congregational Church. Po-t St.,
near \VebM«r — Rev. I. C. "Meserve. D.D.,
r**tor Morning worship at 11. preceded by
Sunday saionl at 8:30. Christian Endeavor
roe«>t:i:c at f>:«5 p. m. Musical service at
7:45 i>. m. The choir will »in« the anthems
"B«r.eiie tnfma mti" (Hayden) and "Seek
Te the Lorfl" (Exunbach). Mlea Marie H.
6r-.l;h v.j.1 *ir.g the alto solo "The Day Is
Ended" (EartletU and Mis- Dorothy Uood-
»e!l and David Manlloyd. the soprano and
tenor duct "I Will Magnify Thee, O God"
(Kosentfcal). .-" - -.' -'- ' '•
THIRD (>n«regatror.al Church, Fifteenth st.,
nrar Mission— Rev. William Rader. pastor.
will preach at both services; II n_ m.. "The
Dlvir.e Sufficiency"; 7:30 p. m.. "Robert
Burns, or the Temptations and Triumphs of
Poverty." Popular people's service. Free
seat?. Chorus music.
CALIFORXIA-FT. Methodist Church, comer
Brodeiick and California sts— Pastor. Clar-
enre Reed. At 7:30 p. m.. the regular popu-
lar concert by the Robson orchestra. Pro-
srramnv: Overture. -"King Midas" (Ellen-
bevgt: Introduction and prayer from Rienil
< Wagner); prlectton, "Dream Shadows"
(Langey*; violin so'.o. "Romance" (SivorU.
• "harl^s E. Robson; organ offertory, "Spring
Bong" (Mendelssohn), J. H. Hallowell; re-
cessional, •'Fearless March" (Heed). The
pastor's topic is "Unearned Happiness."
Every one welcomed to tn« service.
SIMPSON Memorial M. E. Church. corner
Hayes and Buchanan sts. — Rev. John Ste-
pbeist, pastor. Public worship st 11 a. m.
and ' :"M p. m. The pastor will preach. The
monthly praise service will be held in the
evening, with an excellent programme of
music; I. E. B'.ake. director. Sunday school
at 12:3<» p. nr ; C. B. Perkins, superinten-
<iest. Epworth League at 6:30 p. m. ; Dr.
R. O. Moody, president.
TRINITY Church. Bush and Gough sts.— Rev.
Frederick W. Clampett. D.D.. rector. Holy
communion, 7:30 a. m. Sunday school, 9:30
p.. m. Mornln? service and holy communion.
li o'clock. S«»rmon by. rector. Monthly mu-
sical service. 8 p. m. Tou are Invited.
FIRST Baptist Church. Eddy St.. near Jones —
Rev Thomas Baldwin. D. D. Sermon. 11 a.
in., topic. "Elijah the Tlshbite"; Bible
tchool. 12:30 p. m. ; Christian Endeavor. 6:3l>
p. m. :' fern;on 7:30 p. m.. topic. "The Pass-
ers-by." The Lord'? Supper will follow the
mornirjr sermon. Prayer meting, Wednes-
day. 7:45 p. m. All welcome. Seats free.
FIRST Church cf Chrict. Scientist. Central
block. 223 Butter st.. bet. Kearny and Grant
av«. — Christian Science service at 11 a. m. ;
subject of lesson -sermon. "Substance." Eun-
«1ay school for children at* the same hour;
Wednesday evening meeting at S o'clock:
fi*e reading-room. 2**> Kearny St., rooms
609-510. All are welcome.
THE .People's Church meets Sunday evenings,
K o'clock, tn Elks' Hall. 223 Sutter st. Sub-
ject this evening. "The Power of the Dead."
Pastor." Mrs. Anna L. Gillesple; residence
1101 O'Farrell et.
GREAT union mass meeting for men only
will be held at the Young Men's Christian
Association Auditorium this (Sunday) after-
noon at 3 o'clock. The Fiske Jubilee Sing-
«rc (colored) will fing, and the Robson
Orchestra will furnish instrumental music. |
R«v. George W. White. D.D., will give a
short address on "The Secret of Success." !
No charge for admission. All seats in the j
hall fret to men. Come e-arly so as to se-
cure a good seat, as the hall will be \
crowded. This is one of the largest meet-
lngs for men held in the United Slates. Cor-
ner Ma«on and Ellis sts.
"THE Jerry McAuley Mission," 824 How-
ard St., will have revival services this
rvenine and *vtry evening during the week
at 7:45 o'clock, conducted by Rev. ' B. W.
Waru. from lioston; all are invited; seats
fret end no collection; good ringing.
THE Thr-osopliical Society. Colonel H. S. OI-
cott. presidf-nt -founder — Headquarters. Acad-
emy of Sciences Building. Public lecture. 8
p. m.. by Thomas Prime. Subject. "The
i'ruten World." i,-..tu* group. 11 a. m.
l-tudy cl£.K, Thursday, 2:30 p. m.
THE Thc-osipnicsl Society. Golden Gate Lodgfc
— Ftfe public Uctures every Sunday. 8 p^ m..
Odd Ftilows' building, corner Seventh and
Market tf. Subject to-night, "War in
Heaven." by Mr. W. L. Ducey. Library and
reading -room open dally, 2 to 4 p. m.
SUNDAY LECTURKg.
DR. JOHN A. KERGAN'S free lecture this
e-\*-n!r._;. Cr;slal Hall. Pythian Castle. 9u9
Market si. Sui-Ject. "The Respiratory Or-
sans." followed by xiews In Scandinavia.
Free tickets will be distributed for X-ray ex-
hibition at Sanitarium Tuesday evening. Re-
member the question box. Special music.
ALHAMCRA Theater, next Sunday, 7:30 p. m.,
mocFter meeting; lecture by Arthur Morrow
Lewi* on "The Future Unionism"; protest
will be ms.de uratr.st the proposed destruc-
tion c* the rifht cf free rpeech in this city
by Chlrf K Police Wittman; Coleman's flne
brati band: admission free.
•'NOW" lecture, Henry Harrison Brown. Sub-
ject. "CoatroUinff Circumstances'." This
lecture, practical and Invaluable, will give :
the key to the milking of conditions to suit '
your needs. b p. tn. Free with collect'on
Memorial Hall. Odd Fellows' building.
O. St. ORLOW— Lecture this (Sunday) evening
in Golden Gate (main) Hall. C2_ Sutler st..
«t S o'clock, with the subject presenting
"An'.l-Disrase Principle and the New Cures."
Excellent musica! numbers. Admission free.
MRS. CUZABSTH DEURESS. from the Los
ACRelrs S«-hool of Metaphysics will hold an
«f*n question mating even' Sunday eren-
Jns in the East Parlor. Oolden Gate Hall at
R o'clock sharp; all interested are Invited.
ARTHUR MORROW LEWIS, lecture Odd Fcl
lor.V bldg.. »ub>ct. 'The Story of Witch-
craft." The subject will be dealt with from
a historical aj-.d wcifntlnc point .view; ad. 10c
EWAMI TRIGUNATITA will deliver his tenth
lecture en "ficionre of Religion" to-night S
o'clock; a. 25c. 40 Stciner; Vidanta Society.
REV. E. eTbAKER and Rev. J. Stitt WIN
•son. debate. Alhambra Theater. March a
at R o'clock: free. X.
PROGRESSIVE Spiritualists to.-nlght. odd Fel-
lows' bldg. 7th & Market: Mrs, mile speaks.
MEETINGS — StXDAY.
ATTENTION— Prof. Fred P. Kvans.'thTworid
famed psychic, known as the independent
r.rtter and clairvoyant: indorsed by the lead-
ing spiritual and psychic societies, as well as
Journals of the world ; consulted* on all Im-
portant matters, spiritual or materiar; send
sump for cricular on mediuroship. Office
1112 Eddy el., near Octavia.
EL1SE BRAUN, occult priestess: classes and
private tuition In practical occultism, psychic
oevelopment. secret will force, how to con-
trol financial end love affairs. 8S8 Bush st.
AT S00 Larkln St.. fourth floor, startling test
readings. 7:45 p. m: stirring songs; lecture
by Prof. Perkins, Chicago; everybody come.
TUESDAY nipht and Thursday: a home talk on
mental FUggt-sticn and new thought tests by a
d»ad tr-ace medium. 10C9 Sutter: Bit. daily.
fcKER Egyptian Hindu occult reads daily- cir-
cle* Wed.. Fri. and Sun., S p. no.; lOc 5°.i_
EiliS St. ', ¦;. V , *
W. G. KEEGAN ho!ds tent seances ewry nijrht
e-xept Sat.. 10c; alt. 10 to 8. 14S Sixth st.
Friendship Hall. 335 McAllister — Tests to all
10c: readings 'daily. Mrs. Meyer and others!
MRS. EBERIIARDT. tests to-night: special
Wed.. 2 p. tn.. 10c. 3250 Twenty-second st.
ATTEND MRS. HARLAND'S circs, evgs.; to-
_«tt; bctt tctts, 10c; read, dally. 148 6th st.
CLAIRVOYAXTS.
¦¦"" ; __= ; 61 £s!
PROFESSOR ALBERT C. VICTOR.
The Famous
PALMIST AND CLAIRVOYANT. t
Special Reduction for. Three Days.
CO cents — His $5 Reading for— 50 cents.
-Free Test! Free Test! Free Test!
A Free Test to All Who Come Prepared to
Have a Readinr.
Without asking a question he tells you your
name, your mother's maiden name, the name
of the one you love, tell* you* your age and
what rou called for. without asking a single
question.
THERE IS NO AFFAIR of importance —
past, present or future — but what Professor
Victor's occult eye can plainly reveal. He
will point out the way that will lead to suc-
cess In business, speculations, investments,
love, courtship, matrimony, divorce or any-
thing you may be in trouble about.
Unlike Impostors and pretenders. Professor
Victor takes no money in advance and posi-
tively refuses to accept any fee If you are not
entirely satisfied. All business strictly con-
fidential. Hours from 9 a. m. to 8 p. m. dally
and Sunday. 700 Post st.
A GREAT CUT IN PRICES.
Call at once and save $*-
His former $5 readings this week for
$1. $1. $1. $1. $1. $1. $1. $1. $L *U
NO CHARGE NO CHARGE
Unless you obtain the Information for which
You consult him.
(You to b» full Judge.)
« PAUL DESTINE.
The first registered trance clairyovant and
Palmist ever in San Francisco.
Read carefully. An honest proposition.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee
to make no charge if I fail to tell your name,
occupation and what you called for; I prom-
ise to tell you if husband, wife or sweetheart
is true or false: tell whom and when you
will marry, tn fact I will tell .every hope,
fear or ambition better than you can tell
yourself; I restore lost affections, reunite the
separated, cause' happy marriage, make you
successful in life, cure disease and lost vital-
ity, develop mediums, give advice on mines
and burled treasures and insure you success
or charge nothing for my services; 10 a. m.
to 8 p. m. ; Sundays. 2 to 8. • - /
326— O'Farrell st.— 328.-
PROF. CLARK, THE GREATEST HYP-
NOTIC CLAUU'OYANT OF THE AGE AND
HUMAN X-RAY. WILL GIVE DAILY
READINGS AT THE PARLORS OF THE
IN8TITUTE OF PSYCHOLOGY. 521 GOLD-
EN GATE AVE., ON BUSINESS. POLI-
TICS AND ALL IMPORTANT AFFAIRS
IN LIFE: DIAGNOSES DISEASES ACCU-
RATELY AND LOCATES FOREIGN SUB-
STANCES IN THE HUMAN BODY.
PROF. HENKEL OF THE INSTITUTE
TEACHES HYPNOTISM. DEVELOPS
CLAIRVOYANT AND CURES LIQUOR,
TOBACCO AND MORPHINE HABIT AND
STAMMERING. AND ALL FEMALE ILLS',
WITHOUT DRUGS.
MME. M. BERNARD THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant -and Business Medium.
50c 50c SOc COc
My $3 readings this week for COc V
f h* reads your life correctly, gives an ac-
curate description of the past, present and fu-
ture. If in trouble consult her and you will
be told how to overcome them; gives valuable
advice in all affairs In life.
PERFECT SATISFACTION GUARANTEED.
COc SOc 50c COc
17 Third St., next Examiner bids.
MIS3 M. WILLE. 460 Geary St., clairvoyant
and crystal seer; don't fall to call oa the
greatest adviser on the Pacific Coast; if you
are in trouble of any kind, br^lness, domes-
tic, she will surely put you on the road to
success, as she has done for hundreds; no
matter what trouble you may have; gives the
secret how to control, charm, fascinate the
one you love, although miles apart; special,
$1. Hours 10 to 8 p. m.
* ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
sC, cor. Turk; private readings dally, 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m. : readings by mall as satisfac-
tory as in person; S questions answered, $1;
full life, $5; send lock of hair, date of year
«f. birth; don't send currency; send postofflce,
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
AA — MME. RAVENNA, formerly of 5 Fourth
at., has permanently moved to her new and
elezant offices. 835 Howard St.. bet. Fourth
and Fifth: thanking her many patrons and
soliciting their further patronage; business
advice; originator of names given; full life
reading. SOc until further notice.
THE only original Roman Gypsies ia the city;
palmists, clairvoyants, card readers, trance
mediums: we have given readings to 10,000
people in San Francisco since our arrival;
they are satisfied, so will you be. 2S5 Geary.
TUESDAY night and Thursday; a home talk on
mental suggestion and new thought tests by a
dead trance medium. 1009 Sutter; sit. daily.
A — Miss M. Wille, 460 Geary, clairvoyant, crys-
tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tion; names given; special, $1: hours 10 to S.
MISS ZEMDAR. young, gifted. clalr.'& palm.;
I correctly treat your love affairs, domestic
trouble, bus. and financial success; names;
L.. 5Oe; G., $1. 714 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.
MR! A. H. KRONENBERG. palmist. clsJr-
voyant. card reader; when others fall try me;
good readings 10c. 721 Franklin. nr.G.G. ave.
MISS WARD, clairvoyant. 917 Market, rooms
11-12; gives dates, names, facts; hours 11-9.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la. 25c;
gents 50c. 051 Mission St.. nr. 6th; open Sun.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader, re-
moved from 132 6th to 23^ 6th; 1. 25c, g. 50c.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader Jn city.
26% Kearny. room 20: ladies. 25c: gents. 50c.
MME. MARSEAU. card reader; ladies, 25c;
gents. 50c. 1 to 9. 120 Sixth at. ,
MRS. BAUMANN. the well-known fortun*-
teller. is now at 317 Ellis st.
MRS. 6HAFER. clairvoyant, card reader; sit-
tings dally. 44SH Jessie st. bet 3th and 6th.
CARPET BEAT1 KG ASP CLEAXINoT
AIR now universally used In cleaning carpets
on floor, without removal: price moderate.-
S. F. Compressed Air Cleaning Co., Call
building. Phone Main 5237.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work;
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing 'AVorks, 355-357 Tehama st; tel. South 40.
DEL MONTE. 547 Hayes st; phone Page 60S —
Carpets renovated on the floor; also beating.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1S09 Har-
rison St.: Al cleaning; 3c. Tel. Mission 225.
HOPK*E BROS.; excellent carpet beating; mat-
tresses made over. 1432 Howard ;tel. South 216.
GISSLOW'S Moving and Carpet Cleaning Co..
608 Larkln: tel. East 745; fits houses compl.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beatlnr Works,
233 Golden Gate ave. ; telephone East 20.
' EDUCATIONAL.
WJUTE to California Business College for In-
formation concerning February dab dis-
count; on moving into our new and elegant
building we want 800 students; come and
Join the great school of. the West: 73-pag«
catalogue. 901-925 Golden Gate ave.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school,
for the university, law and medical colleges;
ret President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor: day and evening session. Phelan bldg.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST. 8.
F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typinr.
languages, telegraphy, English branches; day
and night sessions; Illustrated catalogue free.
AYRES. the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket St.; established IS years; the school that
secures positions for graduates; Just added 25
new typewriters; catalogue free. ..
A LARGER and better school than ever; enter
at once if you desire a good position; Gregg
shorthand Ellis bookkeeping. S. F. Business
College. 1236 Market st
STAMMERERS taught to talk; no drawl,
singsong or motions. Call or write Natural
Speech Academy, 103O East Twenty-eighth
St., Los Angeles, Cal.
SOCIAL dances "Wed.. Thurs., Sat. and Sun.;
classes Mondays, Fridays. Louise Foster's
School of Uancin r. 1556 Market, nr. Larkln.
ATTEND Gallagher- Marsh Business College on
advice of official court reporters and be com-
petent stenographers. 1382 Market: c-taloc
WESTERN Business College, Odd Fellows* bid. ;
bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing, arith.,
spelling, writing, etc; day eve.: $4 mo. eve.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electricity. 24 Post
st. S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. mln.. mech.. rar-
vey assay cyanide; day. ev.;estlSd4. Vaa
der'Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, cr. City Hall.
HINMAN'S Academy, a thorough school of
dancjng; established 20 years. 1412 Polk St.,
bet 'Pine and California: classes now open.
PIANO teacher — MRS. M. G. DURRETTE:
: German method thoroughly taught. 323 El-
lis st; hours. 10. 12. 2. 4. .
SPANISH— ith successful year teschlng. Prof.
Domloco c. Maya of Madrid, 427 Sutter st.
BCMXESS CH AKCES— Conttnn*—
A— $1000; PHONOGRAPH parlor and shooting
gallery, averaging about $9 50 per day; ex-
penses about $5 per day: will sell or trade
for lodging-house. See R. G. WILKE. _t>V»
Kecrny st. ;
A— $1200; COFFEE saloon snd bakery in choic-
est location; rent $30; daily recoipts about
$70; a good business, but sickness of owner
compels him to retire. Particulars R. G.
WILKE. 2«f4 Kearny st.
A— $850: CORNER~ciuar stand, close to Market
snd Stockton sts.; rent $75; a splendid loca-
tion hjkI rare business chance. Sea R. O.
,WILKE. 26% Kearny st. ' '
A— $2250; STEAM laundry and property;
equipped with latest/machlnery, wagon, etc.;
no opposition; in thriving country town about
75 miles from this city: a rare chance. For
particulars see R. G. WILKE, 26V4 Kearny.
A BAKERY across the bay.. with lot 50x100;
house of 4 rooms, 2 stories; 2 horses, wagon,
etc.; price $3600; not all cash required; a
good business. Call R. G. WILKE, 26ft
Kearny st ¦ »
A— $4000; CORNER saloon, with lease; large
cellar; card and private rooms; kept by
owners for years; fullest Investigation so-
licited. S*e R. G. WILKE. 2CH Kearny st.
A— $3000: GKILL room and cafe; the leading
establishment in Oakland; close to theaters;
rent $70 and a first-class paying business;
other Investments only cause of sale. See
R. G. WILKE. 20V, Kearny st. ,
A — $1200; BAKERY, estab. years and kept by
present owner 17 years; bakes 4H barrels
per day; dally sales $45; living rooms. Call
R. G. WILKE. 20& Kearny st.
A— $1260; DELICATESSEN and dairy produce
store; clote to Market and Stockton sts.;
large stock; clears at least $250 per month;
full value In sight; a splendid offer. tic* R.
G. WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A — $500; BRANCH bakery and candy store,
with living rooms; dally receipts about $10:
choicest location in the Mission. See K- G.
WILKE. 26 H Kearny st, '. '
A— $2200; SALOON, with lease, estab. years;
vicinity Fourth St., Market and Stockton;
place speaks for . Itself; all particulars. R.
G. WILKE, 20^ Kearny st.
A— $1500: GROCERY and bar. with 16 fur-
nished rooms; 5 years' lease: rent $69; a
bueinevs where man and wife can easily
clear $300 per month. Particulars R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $3000; COAL, hay and grain yard; on Geary
St.; rent $10: lease; 3 horses. 6 wagons; busi-
ness estab. years: investigate at once; a rare
chance. Call R. Q. WILKE. 26% Kearny at.
PACIFIC REALTY COMPANY, 200 Kearny »t.,
room 1; several flne business chances to offer:
Attention— Best paying delicacy store in city
for sale at a bargain; price $550.
Branch' bakery,* notions, candies; 2 living
rooms; rent $15; price $275; receipts $8 dally.
Candy-store; big stock: well patronized; price
$850; rent $30; biggest bargain ever offered.
Corner cigar stand; rent $25; price $175.
Corner cigar stand; big trade; price $1300.
Branch bakery; daily receipts $10; price 5200.
Delicacy store; rent $20; bargain; price $200.
Restaurant and chophouse; bargain; price $700.
Partner to attend counter and take cash in res-
taurant: small capital required: flne chance.
Rooming-house; Market st. ; fine location:
dears $150 mo., long lease; 20 rms.; elegant
carpets and furniture; price reduced to $230u.
THE MUTUAL INVESTMENT CO..
4C7 PARROTT BUILDING.
Th» following are a few of our bargains
that must go:
Kivgant new rooming-house, 6 floors. .$15,000
l-*ne saloon and cigar stand 1,400
fwell saloon and fixtures 750
Central cig-ar stand 600
Tea store — a snap 900
Ladies' tailoring, good trade 1,500
Candy factory — money maker 2,200
Grocery— pood business 1,500
Massage baths, cheap COO
THE MUTUAL INVESTMENT CO.,
S55 MARKET STREET.
READ THIS AD.
$CO0O — Best corner saloon and cigar stand
ever offered in Oakland; old established cor-
ner and business; 5-year-lease at low rent;
reason for selling given with full particulars
by THE ALDEN CO., HIS Broadway, Oak-
lend.
A — $350 — PARTNER old-estab. office: clearing
$.'100 mo.; no experience required; bank refs.
Full particulars BROOKBANK, -017 Market.
A— $350— PARTNER old-estab. office; clearing
$."{00 mo.; no experience required; bank refs.
Full particulars BROOKBANK. 017 Market.
A BRIGHT, energetic young man wanted as
partner for a good and profitable enterprise;
moderate capital needed: absolutely no risk.
Address H. MARTIN, P. O. box 2554. city.
$50 CAPITAL to start wins you $12 dally; I
will loan you $25. The famous distance sys-
tem wins 4 races dally. See DAVIS, 230
Powell st., room 9.
FOR SALE — Candy and Ice cream factory;
good, ¦ clean stock on hand; flne fixtures;
good locality and a flne trade. Address box
_£01S. Call office.
PARTNER wanted with $1000 capita! to man-
ufacture hospital supplies. Address C. A.',
10C2 Mississippi st.; no agents.
BUSINESS proposition; will bear investigation;
?5O(> can clear $150 monthly; see this at once. -
J. E. TETLOW, 850 Market St., room 14.
PHYSICIAN with $400 can 6ecure drug store
and good practice: thriving suburb of San
Francisco. Box 2324. Call office.
PARTNER; saloon, boarding and lodging
house; 21 beds; half interest, $600. D M.,
care 120 Market st.
WANTED— To buy a, grocery and bar; a good
stand; state location and price asked. Box
2947. Call office.
WHOLE or half interest in paint store and
painting business; little money, right person
1034 Market st.
CAPITAL wanted: excellent business: capable
man is offered strong inducement. Box 2353,
Call office. \
$150; WANTED — Man for office; want man
more than monfty;, security; investigate. 414
Seventh St.. Oakland.
RESTAURANT and bakery. $325: paying well.
J. P. HALE & CO., 1511 Shattuck ave.,
North Berkeley.
SALOON license and fixtures for sale. Apply
1412 Castro st.
CLKAR lots, fine location, and cash for busi-
ness or lodging house. Box 4517, Call office.
BLACKSMITH shop in Berkeley; $160, pay-
able monthly. Address 5564A Natoma St.
WANTED — To buy flrst-class liquor business
or saloon; no agents. Address box 2320, Call. :
"SNAP" — Paying notions store; old establish-
ed; leaving city; highest offer. Box 2337, Call.
WILL exchange stock in rich mine for city
or country property. 230 Parrott building.
SMALL boarding-house for eale; rooms full.
Particulars, 30 McAllister st. ; after 10 a, m.
BAKERY in the Mission In good order, doing
big business. Box 2276. Call.
ROUTE on Call. Apply at office.
SALOON in good business location, close to
Third and Market sts. Box 2930, Call office.
WANTED— A cigar stand. Box 2935. Call
office.
FOR *ale — Complete cleaning and dyeing
works. Box 2205, Call "office.
FOR sale — A saloon. 3087 Sixteenth St., on
account of proprietor's sickness.
PLUMBING and tinning business for sale; es-
tablished for many years same locality; rea-
son, sickness; price, $2500; good customers.
Box 24S5, Call office.
AUTOMOBILE — Partner wanted; Join adver-
tiser in opening showroom, storage and re-
pair depot; have finest agencies; want part-
ner, mechanical ability, able devote entire
time; must also Invest $2500 cash, be used in
business; equal investment upon advertisers
part; triflers need not apply. Box 2425, Call.
WHOLESALE district; no night or Sunday
•work; cigar store, must be sold on account of
sickness in family; no agents. See proprietor
at 324 Clay St., corner Battery.
FOR Bale— Fine retail millinery store: Market-
et. location. Apply HOLM & NATHAN, 512
Market st. ' : _^
FOR sale — The only flrst-class road house In
California near San Francisco. Address box
\ 2458, Call ofnee.
BUTCHER shop for sale at a bargain ; good lo-
cation; good business; must sell; no agents.
Box JUSS. Call.
ACTIVE man with $500 to take half Interest
in old established real estate business; refer-
ences required. P. O. box 162, Oakland,' Cal.
FOR rent — Blacksmith shop, with or without
tools; established six years. Inquire 1306
Railroad ave., Alameda.
FOR sals — Boarding house; 15 rooms; rent,
$40; steady boarders. 323 First st.
FOR sale— Horseradish grinding and delicates-
sen business. 2401*4 Mission st.
$500 — HALF or all of my bar and grocery.
Box 247», Call office.
SHOE shop, 869 Turk at, for sale at low price
on account of leaving. >
FOR sale — Cheap; blacksmith shop, doing; good
business. Corner Fell and Gough sts. - .; .
GROCERY and bar for sale cheap. 3127
Buchanan st. • ¦¦ -
CUBES -WTPTU-M-. .,
WHOT— Hunter. 1206 Market 'st.; $100; rupture
cure for $10; circular explains; send (or oae.
— SUNDAY — Continued.
ALL skeptics invited to witness Mme. Young's
Hplrlt messages to-night. 10c; Mrs. Seal lec-
tures. 019 McAllister st. : readings dally.
C. WILBUR DEAN'S materiallzins seance
.Tuesday. S r- m. 1O.')2 Ellis st.
MRS. L. HODGSON. US Sixth St.. room 1C;
tsst circle and sittings daily.
TESTS. 800 Market. I'-S, Mr. Wilson; 8. Dr.
Cowan. Mr. Hargrave; 10c. *
MEKTIJSG NOTICES.
EXCELSIOR Dogrse Lodge No. 2,
I. O. O. F. — I>sree team will
irip.t for drill at 11:J'J THIS =5g5m§«!S
MORVING • '^(JWiW^
W. B. CURTIS. D. M.
ALTA LODGE XO. 200. I. O. O. ,,«EO-Z£<*_
F Initiation MONDAY. March 7. -fJd^sfePSn
All members are requested to at- rSjISsSBsP '
t-.-nd. Visitors welcome. '*wr!w r 1
C. II. EDWARDS. N. G.
H. P. PETERSEN. Rec. Sec.
ANNUAL meeting— The regular an- y 9
nual meetlnc of the stockholders in
the A. O. F. Hall Association of Cjr |
San Franclnco will be held in Occi- Jg£
dental Hall. A. O. F. bu'.IdlnK. 102 <i__>
O'lTarrei; st , San Francisco, Cal., on SAT-
URDAY, the 12th day of March, 1904. at
7:30 p. m. D. E. BESECKER, President.
J. FALCONER. Secretary.
FISHERMEN, ATTENTION!
A mars meeting of the Fishermen's Pro-
tective Union of the Pacific Coast and
Alaska will be held TO-DAY (Sunday).
March 6. at 1:30 p. m., at Washington
Square Hall, cor. Union and Stockton ets.
Only members in good standing will be ad-
mitted.
T. N. HYLEN. Secy.
ADOPTION.
WANTED — For adoption, a healthy girl baby.
MRS. DR. EMIL1E FUNKE. 1416 Eighth
et., Alameda. C
AGENTS WASTED.
WANTED — Agents by largo transportation
company to place issue of stock for the pur-
pose of Increasing Its present equipment;
this move made- necessary In order to handle
enormous volume new freight and passenger
business; the stock of this company pays the
lsrgest annual dividend of any transportation
eh-res in the United States; exceptional of-
fer made representative and respectable con-
cerns or Individuals everywhere as fiscal
agents for sale of stock. Tabasco Transporta-
tion Co., Title and Trust bldg., Chicago.
AGENTS WANTED TO SELL OUR
SAW-EDGE PRUNING SHEAR.
They cut with ease parts several times larger
than can be cut with any other kind. Every
user of pruning shears buys them at sight; you
can easily make $5 a day; costs nothing to try;
send for particulars at once and go' to work.
GEORGE E. BENTON CO., 140 W. 23d et.,
New York.
AGENTS — Automatic Washers eell themselves;
one agent writes: "Exhibited sample to 10
women; took 10 orders." Time required, 45
minutes; profit over (50; guaranteed to do
washing in 30 minutes; furnishes own power;
requires no labor or attention; costs less than I
any other machine; free sample, exclusive j
territory; $50 week guaranteed; thousands of |
testimonials. Automatic Washer Co., Station !
U, Chicago.
AGENTS wanted: either sejc; no canvassing;
no soliciting; no time from your regular oc-
cupation: no one will know you are my rep.
re?entative; no capital, outfit or experience
needed; easy, permanent, honorable and
profitable work that can be done at home.
Ad. J. W. K1DD, key 5025, Fort Wayne, Ind.
WANTED— Agents to sell splendid article to
housekeepers; all want it; one agent made
$100 In len days in October; only reliable. In-
dustrious agents need apply; new article ; |
ready seller; big commissions. Address JU-
BILEE IRON CO., Omaha, Nebr., 1503. .
BEGIN business for yourself: stop working for
others; we start you in pleasant, profitable
mall order business at home; Immense prof-
its; unlimited possibilities; full information
for stamp. FRANKLIN-HOWARD CO..
Denver," Colo.
CORPORATION controlling business est. 1865
desires able, energetic, experienced business
man, unquestionable references, to take man-
agement branch office; salary $2500 per an-
num. Address Supt.. box 536. Madison, Wis.
CHANCE of lifetime; to one man only In each
State with few hundred dollars and refer-
ence: monopoly of legitimate business: large
profits; no risk:highest Indorsements. .HULL,
154 East Twenty-third st.. New York.
AGENTS — An agency for a proposition that Is
a decided Improvement on building and loan
is worth having. Great Western Improve-
ment Company, Parrott building.
OUR pocket outfit starts you selling Natural
Diamonds: defy experts: drop everything.
Write to-day for outfit, CHAPMAN-TOWER
CO., Oneida. N. Y.
MEN _nd women for city and country agents;
salary cr commission; steady emplovment.
122S McAllister St.. 9 to 12 a. m., after 3
p. m.
AGENTS make $50 weekly selling Allen Foun-
tain Brush: write for outfit and terms. Allen
Mfg. Co., Toledo. Ohio.
BOOKS— Steady* sellers; exclusive territory:
money pavers for home or office. Bell 417,
Parrott bldg.
AGENTS— Paying proposition; ladies or gen-
tlem«n; good commission. . 227 Starr-King
building.
AGENTS everywhere to sell 6 per cent bonds.
% American Investment Co., 654 Parrott bldg.
Wanted — Circular distributers; cash paid. Send
stamp, American Distributer. Denver, Colo.
ad VEKTjrBisaffsicT WMrnro^
HAVING recently acquired through exchaiTg^
of property three $40 scholarships in the best
College of Advertising in the United States
I will sell them at 25 per cent discount for
cash: the college teaches advertisement writ-
ing by correspondence and assists its grad-
uates to cecure positions; catalogues fur-
nlshed on application. Address box 3026. Call.
ATTOR.>KVf-AT-_AW.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for a small fee.
£ee me and pave money: no pay in advance.
G. W. HOWE. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
Established 22 yrt.;irms. 1. 2. 3. 4 & 5, 1st fL
1122 Market St.. between Mason and Taylor.
Advice free all matters. Detectives employed.
R. W. KING. Attorney-at-Law, Exam. bldg..
eth floor, entrance room 811; established 20
years; all cases, general court and offlco prac-
tice; no fee in advance or for consultation;
evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3061.
L. 8. CLARK. 027 Market -t.; consultation
fre»; no fees In advance; open evenings.
DIVORCE — Costs. $12; quick, quiet; adrJce
fr»»: open ev.enlngs. 827 Market st.. rm. 301.
AUTO31OISILES.
KNOX, latest type; good as new; bargain.
JOE HOLLE, Twentieth and Folsom sts.
BICYCLES For Sale or Exchange.
INDIAN motor bicycle. California motor tan-
detn; bargain. Joe Holle, 20th and Folsom.
nOAKDIXG FOR CHILDREN.
WOULD like to take care of 1 or more chil-
dren from birth up: paid to suit parent.
Address box 2239, Call office.
A COUPLE would like a child to board; refer-
ences. Call branch, 1941 Mission st., box B.
WANTED— Child to board; good home; best
of care. 25 Fell st.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A DELICACY and branch bakery; one of the
best propositions in the city; established four
years; 4 furnished livins rooms; only $500.
SKIRM, 6 Eddy st.. room 72.
BARBERS, attention! Ffne downtown shop. 4
chairs; Al -business; only $300; 1(J others.
SKIRM. 6 Eddy et., room 72.
$350— SALOON; flne stock and fixtures; license
secured. MARIN CO., 235 Kearny st.
$CCO— PARTNER wanted; genteel business;
pays $100 monthly to each; part cash if de-
eired. Marin Investment Co.. 235 Kearny st.
CARRIAGE and wagon factory for sale In busy
California city; doing a -yearly business of
over $125,000; presently overcrowded with
-work; rare opportunity for live map; Rood
reasons for disposal. For particulars apply
WATT & iCOWPER-TIIWAITE. bankers,
Stockton, Cal.
DELICACY and notion store: good trade; in
I a locality surrounded by families : no oppo-
sition for. several blocks; stock all new and
clean; fixtures attractive; living rooms and
furniture; rent low. Box 2037, Call.
$1250— A FIRST-CLASS family liquor store
and. sample room; doing a -good business;
near/ Market St.; well stocked: long lease;
rent $50; good reasons for selling; no agents.
Address C A. Y... box =27S. Call.
WANTED — An Industrious woman with $_t)0
wants a good woman cook" with same amount
to • purchase and conduct a delicacy store.
M. A. BROOKS, 12 Golden Gate ave.
$S75— SALOON, stock and fixtures in whole-
Kale district; must -sell on account of being
compelled to leave the city. Address . box
29-5. Call office. ¦ :- ; .
FOR . RALE— A grocery in city of- San Jose;
established So years ; retiring on account
of ill-health. For particulars address box
2826. Call office.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, MARCH 6, -1004.
45
i>«rrs <»"» ~»-:vt wtvTKn. — fKMu.R.
k »__» »o:k by the <iay. CaU one
.-. f_i_MB .-t.. off IMciflc. near Bn»d-
- ? •¦ -
_t--AoEU Cf— in woman, srcod cook
-aj .'. ---< deeper, wishes position in country.
.- ., _issa »t.
;;"KirNC_D end partly trained nurse de-
¦ - ciie of iai.al:d; $35 per month. Box
_V.. C*M efftce.
¦ •sxr:r>— By nr.d'Il^-aged woman, light
•^ •<<-:*.: *!"— j. home. Apply ll*ji; How-
: -1. cm rloct.
s : :!!i-T-('LA?S dressmaker would like a few
* c?:£*eeniem* by the day; dresses re-
i, :.-i. T>cx 2nf-C, Call office.
¦AliLU. woman, rrith first -etas* city refer.
. ..;**•. :or uufhirg or housedeantng; $125
iai *r.<j warfare. Box 4512. CaU orflce.
¦'.\"ij oinan with two th'ldr* n wants porl-
n £* hc-usekeeper. Address box 1061. Call
See, Oakland.
SG tier— ian woman wants bow*cleanir.g-
• 1 a ci»: MRS. V.. it Hitch St.. eft Foisom.
¦„ . ; s » cea Third acd Fourth, in rear.
I rOUNC »xnian wi'h references wants house.
• -c l-y the dar; $1 50 and carfare. 7ea
:.:¦.•.': -.-t»-r tt.
ERTTECT Uut!dre»a and houaecleaner wacts
rtt -• tl 1T> per cjaj-; best references. Box
•".". >>.:! office.
rilTK N araatcd hy ymjng lady as cctapanlon
iai-aUA. Address box IW3, CaU office.
¦ MJ'_— ENT girl wishes to <Jo general
hocajew «rk !n O_k!«-fi. Call Bt. Lawrence
•<>(. i^evcr.th and Franklin *ts., Oakland.
* STED— By r«tine.l, experienced nurse, en-
t^pnfet; bsst r*fer»:ices. Aidress Nurse
I ¦<>•«, Cail effice. Oakland.
'„:> :.».« a positlcn aa nurse girl; wages
s:-v_ncx^2;7i. call orftce.
r.F.LlACLE «~ ax__ —ants piac* as cook in
rr:\ate tc*rd^ng -house. Box 2471. Call.
v. aNTEL) — Dr«is-.akirc by th- Cf/. C0*0
O Farrtil st.
¦OMAN r.tr.ts wcrk fcy the clsy. 7*0 Mtsr.a
*ti*ce* .
:'.i;LIABLE rir: »is-j i^wltlnn at chamber
wcrfc. _»— « waiting, attl lCth st.
" v._.t.N wi*hr« to go o_t hcuse clearing; no
¦ »aaaicg. :*C Bcyce tt.
•A t\"O3SAN — oulJ !:=• wcrk at hime. Call 9
TrhRira «.
• A !-Ar>T ¦coti'.d like r.crk tt l.crac. 525 Fol-
»crr. tt.. ujista't*.
TOUNG lady t to do wri:'.ng at hers?;
e^.-iressirc • <*. ctr. Bex 24t». Call.
TTOJSA— <Jes!i tin sewing; rea*cnab!e. SCO
Mission «t.
GIRL antstsj to mcrk as pousemaid. Box _;*7.
Ca!! cUice-
S__»ff-l!^ •^«*<>*!, chees^miker. situ-
8S_$gKj SSjdS&lSS
l_____2_g3_S.^K^
U »oa l iU?i" E _? n<! "P* 11 ""^! >oung man wants
r're^erlt^l-T 111 / 58 hOUB - ; «™lght **>«>•
dre*,^U^ St u f *•***•-»•¦ furnished. Ad-
dress C145 Market at.. Oakland. Cal.
A Hr?n£?. *?****"* m»n. who is an experienced
evei^ ' Can <Jevote frora 3 to 4 hours
t^.?i .""ft to * ny klno of clerical work or
'mall set of books. Bux 2*i», CalL
A «J.? L "_P. . mtn * ho if thoroughly familiar
with bookk«. p lng and all clerical work of
various kind» will devote hi? evenings to any
— 21 rk _*j u ? <r thu Un *- Address box 2il5. Call.
EMPLOYMENT duri^^e-venlng!. any kTnTTr
Clerical work cr small set of books, by young
married man who holds a responsible poei-
tton during the da>time. Box 24tiS, Call.
A SITUATION want«d by sober, middle-aged
man (Dane); only 5 months In this country;
is wining tu do any kind of work; is sail-
maker by tn»de. Box 2271. Call office.
INTELLIGENT young man. good appearance,
proficient painlrt. desires position as steward
in a club: nrzt-clasg references. LEUilAS,
407 Q- Fan-ell st.. San Francisco.
HIGH CLASS advertisicg man. writer, ar.d
thoroughly experienced in all branches, de-
sires position with flt-t-cla?s firm- refer-
ences. Address 23C0. Call office.
EXPERIENCED poultry mat; sober, reliable;
bandy about place and g_rden: can milk:
two years in last *>lace: reference ; wages
moderate. Box 23C-4. Call office.
CAPABLE and trustworthy ycung man. stenog-
rapher, over 3 years' experience, desires to
eecure better position; city cr country; ref-
erence". Box 24S1, Call.
A FIRST-CLASS varnisher and polisher lii
p!aeos and mahogany furniture wants work;
otik and bird«eye map'.e can be made ma-
hagany. Box 2»02. Call.
SITUATION wanted by an expert Jones _
LaniiC— operator. tc<»! dteigner ar.d 'first-
class machinist, as working foreman. C. A.
BACON. 801) Shotwell st.
MARRIED mun wants situation to manage or
care for ranch; bc«t of references as to char-
acter acd ability. Call or address Rancher,
XX Chenery st.. ci:y.
FIRST-CLASS coachman who understands
tare of ho:s;s and Is an Al driver wants
po*!t!en: references. Address box l«02,'Cali
effice. Oakland.
GENERAL rtan about place; understands
horse*, carriages, milk, garden, etc.; trustful
. and reliable; good reference ar.d security.
Box 2310. Ca'.I.
GARDENER — Married, competent, in all
branches of horticulture, wants a situation;
references. O. SCH, 111 Taylor £t.. San
Rafael. Cal.
I ll^ ix) y MEXT w A - vrEP ~"* MAI ' ls ' 1
! A BOY wants a position In a factory; willing
! to make himself generally useful. Box SJW,
¦ Call office,
SITUATION wanted by boy. Box 2342, Call
j office.
I A 1IAN wishes work by the day: anything;
•villing and obliging. Box 2273. Call office. j
A RELIABLE canvasser wishes an engage-
ment. Address R. W ATKINS. 2018 Castro st. .
BOY wants to carry paper route. Box 22<}5.
; Call office.
I FIRST -CLASS collector desirea to change;
j bond. Box 22»H. Call offlce. !
j EXPERT photo, desires situation (platinum,
and carboni. Box 1*207. Call offlce.
SITUATION wanted as errand bov after school
1 hours. :t>i Mary st.
j MAN want< work by the day. 2034 Sacra-
mento St.
! BOY would like to learn the plumbing trade.
! Address box 231C, Call offlce.
; POSITION as apprentice to butcher by a boy
of Ifi. Address box 2314. Call office.
; WANTED — A rood job for strong boy. Box
j 4515. Call office.
i WANTED — A situation aa butler, city or
J counJry; gt>od references. Box 4513. Call.
• WANTED — A :>c5itlon as watchman: refer-
| enccs. 426 Ninth St.. H. FRIEDRICKS.
¦ WANTED — A pesitten as' waiter, city or coun-
| try. Box 401S. Call office.
I SOLITARY oid gentleman wants easy Job and
: good horri?. Box 4502. Call offlce.
SITUATION wanted as errand boy. Apply
20C Lansdcr. st.
A BOY wants a «teady Job. Box 2317, Call
office.
j A YOUNG man wants position as bartender.
1 1131 O-Farrell st. !^
¦ POSITION as electrician; store or hotel: refer-
ences. Address H. B., 1C*« Valencia st. ,
I LADIES' tailor wants a. good place. 1312
; Howard tt.
! WANTED — Situation ts caroenter. city or
1 country. Addrers 4G3A Minna St.
I YOUNG man wants situation as Dorter or
: night clerk. U33 Fourth a.ve.. Richmond.
j A STRONG young man wishes a. position for
! c> r.or.-.l work. IOCS Market St.. box 23.
; ' CAPABLE salesman v.ants line from whole-
] tale house to retail trade. Box 4522. Call.
! SINGLE middle-aged American of experience
wants situation as cook and general utility
man on small suburban place; best refer-
; ences. Address box 2J7S. Call office.
WISH position as clerk. A. W. DAVIS, 3OT
5IRL -arts wcrk la an oJfiee. Bcx 2330. C<U.
'-ADY artabea r>cs'.t.i<>n as nurse. Bcx 2la5.
.Cail of2.ee.
'J1F.L wouM !!ke to travel. Bcx 2430, Call.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker desires wcrk by
the cay in famine*. 5G5 Fell st.
SALESLADY wishes situation in stsre. Ap-
r'y bcx Z3SS. Cell office.
FIRST-CLASS !a«ly cotr.T*-itor withes situa-
tion. Address t*?x 2323. Can office.
GIRL wants situation as cook, city or country;
wages $25. Bcx 2237. Call effice.
LAIJY rt experience wants care of invalid:
«oo<l reference. Address 7C0A Harrison st.
RHLIABLE wtman wants work bv the day.
H<*x 2-J5S. Call.
KLDERLY wenoaa wishes »i«r.;r.? to da at
h^tue. Box __?. Call.
Jit".?. KERMODK wiehee work by the day.
21J Tehaaaa at., in rear.
LADY takes washing hoc :e; open air dry.
PfaOM Fell 1C41.
POSITION wanted cftarr.berwcrk acd sewing;
fC5. Ad<ire*s box 2341. Cal! office.
WOMAN would like a situation to do second
~f- and M»:ng. Addre *s bcx 2341. CaiL
POETTXQS? as 'se.rsstress la private family.
Address b.-<x 2275. Call office.
A OOHPETEST wrman wishes general work
and caking: 525; car fare. Box 2283. Call.
A POSITION wanted aa chambermaid In hotel
cr locirtr.g-bxnise. Box 2277. Call office.
~'OM.\.Y nariU work by iur- 2^4 Clara at.
WOMAN want* lighr work by the day. Ad-
dl— M lins H-. «*J Kansas st.
v.AXTtn — A jlnce aa a cura*. Box 2309.
1 all effice.
WANT—I* — A r'ace as a seamstress. Box
rJL>, CaM office.
POFITION a* charr.berrraid in betel: city pre-
ferred. Adcire— ' bcx 2315. Call office.
A GERMAN woman wishes work by the «Jay.
Tei«p!ioa» SIRS. NORTON. 313 Satter at.
A COMPETENT wcrcan wishes couple non
cay*' woik by th* tlay; $1 50. 37 Rltch st.
TOC2CO ?on- :sLr. w ants position as saleslady.
Hex 4514. Call office.
W»JtAN »oulu like to do Janitor work. Ad-
czTfg 725's Broadway, tn rear.
CHEF— French, 7 years in leading hotel of
New York, wishes situation, city or coun-
try. ANDRE'S. 317 Stockton St.. pho-ne
Main 1304.
PAINTER, tinter and pa&erhancer wants
work: nassnable Drioes; work guaranteed
cr by day. McGILTON, C03 Eddy St.. phone
Sutter 2US0.
A FIRST-CLASS s-tab'.err.an wants position in
a teaming barn: is steady, sober and reliable.
with best references. Box 2475, Call.
A FIRST-CLASS French and Italian cook
wishes position In private family or small
hotel: country preferred. Box 2341, Call.
WANTED — A position as canvasser, advertiser
aloaa: the ideal or the practical. Address
JOHN HORAN. 614 Howard et.
RELIABLE married man went* situation as
watchman; b*-st of reference*. Address
Watchman. 230 Chenery St., city.
A SITUATION wanted as cook and waiting;;
younr colored man; competent; rsftrrencc.
Box 2300. Call offlce.
GOOD riantst and accompanist that can read
at sight would like a position fcr evenlrgs
either here or outside. Box 2465, Call.
SITUATION wanted— Can do all kinds of ma-
j chine repairing and pipe, work of all descrip-
i tkms. Box 226U. Call office.
A TRUSTWORTHY man. 3S. wants position
«« night watchman : can furnish reference*.
Address I. B.. 756. Folscm rt.
iA YOUNG married man wishes gome kind of
employmtnt In afternoon. Address C. HESS,
t 23*1 Twenty-*!xth St.
STEADY, sober man wants position a? Janitor.
or ran elevator, or watchman; city relerences.
Box 227». Coll offlce.
GENTLEMAN of steady habits would like a
1 position as bookkeeper. Apply box IOCS. CaK
officf. Oakland.
A YOUNG Scandinavian, speaks German.
wUhes « position of any kind. C. HANSEN,
22 Sacramento st.
BAKER wishes roaition as stcond hand en
cakes Rt ence; in cr out of city. Address
box —S3. Call.
SALESMAN. 30. wants position in the house, cr
road, with reliable concern: guod hustler;
best references. Box 2272. Call office.
AN honest, reliable young German, speaks
English, wants pesition q! any kind. Box
45C5. Call office.
I A YOUNG man would like a pesition a3 a col-
; lector;. can give be« of references and cash
; bond«. Address box 22W. Call offlce.
i BOY wants to learn plumber's tra-Je; has seme
Taylor st.
BELL'BOY or elevator man wishes position;
ueeful man. Vox 2121. Call office.
RELIABLE, steady young man wishes eitua-
ticn 'or half days: no Janitor wcrk: refer-
ence. Address H. E. H., 1522 Railroad ave.,
Alameda.
WANTED— A pesition by a first-class tool-
maker and machinist; good at repairing and
all kinds of pipe work; city or country. Box
2446, Cali office.
YOUNG Spanish man. speaks no English,
wisli?s situation as porter in hotel or general
work, or around private place. Box 2445,
Call efflce.
YOUNG man wants position in offlce; has little
knowledge of shorthand and bookkeeping; so
experience. Apply W. SCHMIDT. First and
Harrison £ts.
THE great modern cutter and fltter wishes a
position as a tai'.or: 14 years' experience; In
country or city. 430 Natoma St., city.
ELDERLY. r*I;atle man wishes easy occupa-
tion of any kind, city or country; small
wajres; good home. Box 2*44. Call offlce.
ENGINEER desires position, either steam, gas-
oline, electric or refrigerating; references
given. Addtess box 2416, Call offlce.
A TRUSTWORTHY man. 3S. wants pesttion as j
night wanrnrnar: can furnish references. Ad-
dress J. B.. 750 Kolsom st.
SITUATION —anted as bookkeeper or shipping
clerk; best cl references: English or German
correspondence. Box 2423. Call office. ,
A PRACTICAL gardener wishes situation on i
private place; single; references. Address !
473 Seventh *t.. Oakland. ;
FIRST-CLASS ledger man desires position; best I
of references. Box 2120, Call offlce. |
MIDDLE-AGED man. wife and grown daugh- |
ter want furnlehed stock and poultry ranch}
en shares, or country home to take care of.
Wages; har.dy with tools; references. Address I
Y. M. STARK. 157 Ninth at.. San Francisco.
CHIROPODIST — First-class: wants position
state salary. Address Doctor. 1525 Powell »t.
A LAUNDRYMAN (Japanese) wants a posi-
tion in family; very handy. Box 2441, Call.
JAPANESE, honest boy. wants situation as
waiter c.n table or do school boy's work in
Rood fan-.ily. J. HAMA. phone Polk 37S2.
A WEEX'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
Ifi page*. In wrapp»r.for mailing. $1 per year.
FIXAXCIA_.
. „_ 41^ PERCENT '
Is paid on ordinary savings accounts and 6 I
per ceat on term accounts by the Phoenix [
FLATS TO LET— Continoed.
VAN ' NESS and Union— 7 sunny rooms; all
modern; marine, view.
520 — MODERN flat. 5 rooms and bath; no
children. 520 Lyon. bet. Fulton and Grove.
i_7~50^41S2 SEVEXTEENTH~t.. near Castro
— Sunny upper 7 rooms, bath, basement.
FLATS TO LET— Fl'R.MSHED.
TWENTY- FIRST. 2062—5 rooms and bath,
newly furnished; modern; sunny side; very
reasonable. Call 9 to 3 p. m.
¦WELL, furnished flat. 7 rooms; sunny; Icen-
trally located; phone and piano. Box 4521.-
Call offlce. _
FOR .rent— Sunny, furnished flat to couple
¦ without Children. Apply 1104 Haight st.
FURNISHED flat of 4 rooms, bath and yard.
Box 2330. Call offlce. .-
GEARY, ,2103 — Newly furnished cozy flat, 5
rooms; corner: rent $35.
NEWLY furnished 5-rocm flat; $10. 2222 Polk
street.
NICELY furnished flat. 5 rooms, bath.* yard.
2514 Sutter st. ; call 12 to 3. ' .
FLATS KOK 5AI.K— KL'HMSUEU.
FOR sale^ — At once; furniture of a 5-rootn
flat complete: all new; flat to let; sunny.
Call afternoons, 3270 Twentieth st., near
Folrom.
$850— A NEWLY furnished lOvroom flat, cen-
trally located; must be sold Immediately.
Answer box 22US. Call offlce.
NICELY furnished flat for sale; 5 rooms acd
bath; $150; top flat. 54(t Natoma st.
NICELY furnished modern 9-room flat; sunny
ccrner. 926 Van Ness ave.
UPPER flat. 6 rooms; part rented: low rent,
$13; reasonable. 53214 Bryant at.
$75 — 7-ROOM "flat: completely furnished: 3
rooms rented for $15: rent $20. 610H Haight.
FIHMTIKE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE, with or without piano, in 0-
room house; modern: G«ary St., close in: rent
only $40: besides elegant living rooms can
rent for $20 over rent; a snap; from owner
direct at a sacrifice if taken this week. Box
2208, Call offlce.
MISSION; Auction House — For stoves, furniture
and household goods. 403 Valencia, cor. 15th.
FINE mahogany bed set for sale; make offer.
60S J*arkln »t., store.
FUR.MTURB WASTED.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4402.
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
HIGHEST prices for furniture and mdse. L. H.
BURP, auctioneer. 181-S Mkt.; tel.Howard 2756
HELP TVAJSTED FC2IAX.E.
A NUMBER of good second girls to register
for places for the city and country. $25 and
$30.. Office hours 8:30 a. rn. to 5:30. Com-
municate by letter with MISS PLU.N'KETT.
425 Sutter St., near Powell. .
A FIRST class cook for American family, $50:
a parlor maid to wait table and carve. $30;
an infant's nurse for San Rafael, $25. Call
at MISS PLUNKETT*S. 425 Sutter St., near
Powell. Offlce hours 8:30 a. m. to 5:30 p. m.
A GENERAL housework- girl for two In fam-
ily. $30; a first-class laundress.' small family.
$30; a strong chambermaid for plain hotel
in city. $25. board and room. CaU at MISS
PLUNKETTS. 425 Sutter St., near Powell.
Offlce open 8:30 a. m. to 5:30 p. m.
A— WANTED — Girls to learn hairdresstng.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks: $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leading school in
West. 233 Geary st., room 13. .
EXPERIENCED OPERATORS ON COTTON-
ADE PANTS. STANDARD FACTORY.
CORNER GOUGH AND. GROVE STS.
$300— MAN and wife or two ladles willing to
wcrk wanted In old established business to
take half interest; will pay Sl.v> per month
or more; object, to avoid hiring help, as It
takes four to run It. Address _., box 2327,
Call office.
A— Girls to learn millinery now for spring sea-
son; both seasons taught from start to finish
in 1 month for $15; positions as trimmers,
talesladies, etc.. guaranteed at $10 per wfe up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton st.. r. 13.
A— LADIES to learn all branches halrdreeslng
trade, manicuring, massage, etc. 1236 Mar-
- ket st.T'Cor. Jones, room M; positions' secured
at highest wages; day ami ere. class; call.
LIFE Insurance — A capable woman of charac-
ter and refinement, with- ability to present
facts, can obtain excellent position with new,
lara-e. old line company. Address with ref-
erences and experience, if any, box 2321, Call.
LADIES— $5 to $15 paid weekly, doing plain
sewing at home; experience unnecessary: ma-
terial sent free everywhere: send ctamped ad-
dressed envelope for particular*. Weber Mfg.
Co.. 1133 Bread way. New York. ...
WANTED — VouaR lady- in art needle work
store, to giv<* lessons in embroidery and work
on orders; state experience and -salary ex-
pected. Box 24.1S. CaU.
LADIES — $15 per week sewing at home; ma-
terials free; no canvassing: beautiful sample
sent free on receipt of addressed envelope.
Majestic Lace Co.. New York.
HELP WAXTED— FE3IALE- -Coa. j
COOK, 6 . clergymen • *¦»
Cock, small hotel,* country... .k.^i 1
Cook, small Aresrican family.. $33 I
4 cooks, German style .$30-$35|
3 second girls , »2a-*25
Chambermaid and, waiting, country J-"» ;
3 waitresses, hotels, city and Vuunti y.#-i— ><• {
Housework, little waching $4(» I
. Nuraegirl. 2 children **>
Laundress. 4 days week $30 j
Housework. San Rafael f 2.% j
44 hoategirls, city and country... $20-$2J-$3-> i
_Apply to J. F. CROSETT _ CO.. 334 Sutter. '
COOK. 3 family, country, kitchen helper kepi.
130: see lady office Monday. J. F. CRO-
jjETT & CO.. 334 Sutter st.
A— THE DOMESTIC CLUB. .
! 233 GEARY, room ."<$.
Governess, city, references . -\ ........ ?-'5 ;
Lady's maid, references S2,"i 1
4 nurses, cltv poeitlona $25 J
HOUSEWORK.
2 in family, no wash, nice cook, must
have good referencea 4 $2S
I—undress in institution .:...#3V
A — OPERATORS on children's wash suits; 1
•tcotl pay. C5G Mission st.. third floor. j
j WANTED — First-class waist and coat hands. |
¦ J. BAER. 1200 Geary st. j
¦ YOUNG lady accountant: must be quick and !
I accurate. Apply 113 14th at., C. W. Burgess, j
i A— OPERATORS en ladies' waists. C56 Mis- '
I rion st.. third fioor. yc \C :¦• :- , I
t A— OPERATORS en ladles* underwear. 65S I
Mission St.. third fioor.
WANTED — A jrirt for small family: cooking j
and housework. Inquire 224 Sutter st. •
j BINDERY rlrls wanted at SUNSET PRESS.
) Market and Tenth sts.
WANTED — A strong woman to do washing.
Box 24??. Call.
A GIRL for general housework and cookins;
carfare paid. . 221O Central ave.
WANTED — Flirt-class millinery saleswoman.
Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE;
BROS 1 . . ...¦-
WANTED^ — Experienced Jacket alteration band, j
Apply between 0 and 11 a. m. at HALE <
BROS'. . I
WANTED — Apprentices for millinery. 723 t
" Market tt. j
PERMANENT position to good solicitor for I
city wcrk. 512 Starr King Bldg.: 10 to 5 p. m. ¦
A MIDDLE-AGED woman as working house- '
keeper. 12O Eleventh at., top floor. left. j '
WANTED — Girl to do general housework, as-
sist In cooking; wages $15. S60 Haight st.
A VEST operator: steady work; good wages.
Apply S. N. WOOD A CO.. 27 Geary, at.
~~ HELP WANTED— 31A— _.
AT C. R. HANSEN _ CO Phone Grant 1?3 !
REDUCED FARES, STATE OF NEVADA. I
20 teamsters. 20 laborers .ti J
20 rockmen, 20 drillers $2 20 - $2 30 \
Government work S hoars day (
SHIP MONDAY. "
For country hotel, free fare.
2 silvermen $3O 1
Dishwasher *30
Bellboy $15
Waffleman '. $43 j
Bread baker, country shop $12 week!
Second cook, country hotel $35 - $*5 j
Head laundryman and 2 helpers for mountain
resort. 1st of April.
Gardener, private place $27 oO
Vegetable gardener $30
.Chorebe>. private place ....$20;
I Barkeeper, city '. 155 board (
C. R. HANSEN & CO 429 Bush St. j
I 3 ______ .j
! AT THE CAL. EMP. AGENCY.
14 Third st*: phone Bush 403.
NEVADA.
Government Work — S Hours.
Fare $7 50. \
2U teamsters. $_ a day. 1
10 laborers $2 a day.
; 10 rock men. $2 50 a day.
SAWMILL CREW.
Dogger or carriage rider, $50 and boaril.
. Log deckhand $40 and board.
! Millwright. $70 and beard.
Blacksmith. $75 a month.
Pcndmto. $40 and board.
' Off- bearer behind saw. *40 and board.
I Roustabout. $55 a month.
Engineer and machinist. $75 a month.
CAL. EMP. . AGENCY, ,14 Third st.
A— PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY. ,
826 — Montgomery st. — 526 •
Phone Main 1191. Upstairs. '.
Offlce open 10 to 12 m. to-day (Sunday). j
Foreman, general man for R. R. track lay- ;
. ing; private. R. R. ; best of wages to right i
party; see Vs. ;
NEVADA— GOVERNMENT WORK.
Special cheap fare; ship Monday; laborers, ,
- teamsters, rockmen. mucker?, hammersmen. I
header and corner men; from $2 to $2 50 a ;
' day: 8-hour shifts; porter, city hotel, $20 j
! and found; second cook. $43 and found: third 1
cook. $35 and found, same hotel, boss bere. ;
CARPENTER for sawmill, »65 ar.d board . !
log deck man. ?40 and board; caxrlase |
driver. -?45 and board: bladksmlth and *a\? j
filer, $45 to $50 and board; timber feller, $83 •
and board: tarmers. ?-» and $30 and board: !
dairyman. ?35 and board: harnessmaker. f2 ¦
to *2 5O day; broiler. $70; oyster man, $4O: ;
and others. J. F. CROSETT - CO.. 623 I
Sacramento st. - j
GOVERNMENT positions— More than 13.000 j
! appointments ls«t year. Examinations soon. |
l" Thousands appointed were prepared by the j
J National Correspondence Institute. Washtn*- ¦
} ton. D. C. Write for circular J-l. giving J
k'iOSA.% wocia r.jie two half days work a
metJc. 7_»u Brcadway, in rear.
POSITION in millinery store; good reference.
Bcx fSMi. Call offir*.
_'APTTAL »tenoirrapher. FpanJeh and English,
want* s •¦•-•! pcslticn. Box 4SO3. Call office.
JKRMAN laon<Sr~ss wants wcrk by the day;
$1 75 a day. 023 Powell et. .
K FIRPT-CLASS waitress wishes situation.
Ai'lwj box 4i01. CaM effice.
A STRONG young weman wairtt houae. and
¦rt»B_u~ cleaning: f 1 £0 day. 151SA Howard.
A.N evpenerK.'rd waitress wants position at $3
:-r xtftv.. irm Sixteenth at.
VOUNU girl of 15 would like a pesition la
ttore. a TeHa__ *t-
7<: tKip lfl *n:a!! raiailr a few hours each day.
L.. MIC far, Jv.i« ave.
3IKL vast* to d-j housework. Apply 512
Goiden Gate eve.
XniPETEKT rosita wants any kind work by
the <_t;-; lie v-t bour. Aii!r«s 1C59 nil st.
r.'AITRESS wcuM like a poeitlcn. Call at
!"j- Hcwiti it.
A riRST-CLAFK »-aitre»» rrUhea situation.
A<l£r?t* bcx 4511. Call effice.
'.V-MAN' t-ar.u wcrk by day; fl 30. 60 Lang-
toj n.
Wf'MA.V uantF work by the day. 720 — inna at.
WTLI.INt; woman wants housework by the
rtay «f mnnth. «"«!! 3It LJndea av».
lOCNO lady wants place a* nurse 'girl. Ad-
<!re«* If)C7. «all ofBc*. Oakland.
ii«jVERNESJ» w.ah»« fusition; tfaonmghly ex-
r-erienied t»scher and njastciaa: piano, voice
cultur*. (Jermsn and Enjfiich branches litera-
ture; country rireferred; refereaces; teria*
*:so. Rex :t». CaU.
RESPECTABLE lady wishes housekeeper's po-
sition: ceat; good cook; to objection to
country- Address Hou^keep'er. 2u<} Eddy »t.
A TOT.'NG flrl « 1*hei> petition as cook In nice
ftrc"y. «'a.:i tn murnlnc at 51 .Hermann
«t.. n«ar
A HOCSEKEEPKR with child 4 years; be»t
references. J050 Larkln at., near gutter.
V.OMAN wtr.ts work by the day. 523 Seceud
street.
LADY wi»h*» plain sewing, binding or r#-
::• :r.» la^ir*' ar.<l gentl»iiien*8 clothes: mend.
inx dene en abort cotlee. Room 23, 232
Van Nese ave.. :hone FcIkbi *93.
A S'.vri-I.-H woman wacts place a* hooae-
k*rp*r or light general housework; wage*
*:3 to $20: city or country. Call 45C9 l?th st
DREFSMAKER deaires work at home; shirt
»*:••-. SI ep; <ire«s *k1rts. SI ZO us: ctil-
flren's dre«ea *l up. 1022 Tolaom at.
A BRIGHT yrmns lady wouM like poaitlon in
a rtcre or ofSoe. Apply 3723 Twenty- third st.
LAL'Nr)lIE53 wants work two first <Jay» oi
the we*k. "43 Folsom. pborte Red 577.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions recel\-ed at
Call braiwh oftw. oor. Duncan It Church aU.
'XANT *4t and ftib^criBtloca taken for The
Can at E*ton'» Bazaar. 633 McAlltoter »t.
EM P LO i^«I E XT W A X TE n~»' L B^
LjRUGS— Inwlllstnt ytrurut man wishes po-
t'.ilru In drtJC «t?re; city or counjry; sciae
e»iKTience. Box »I. Call offlce.
A POSITION er shipping clerk by a nober. In-
iu»":.jj J yoont man: speaks German; refer-
ence^ Sox rjG. Cail offlce.
PORTTION by a malt nurse to take care of
Sr.va'.'.J sfntirman. or g1 v « mafsage.* Bos
2ICB. Call office.
PAINTING, raperhanglrg and tinting mas,
w:th lonlt. 30 Mary <tt.
WASTEB — Ceprfr.g at boree evenings. Box
«*7C, Call ortce.
experience. Address G. M. E., 11-jy l>road-
way.
R. C. PAPWORTH, nurse. dres«er, masseur;
trims rfT-sonable. Box «<\ SuDreme CV-urt
Dldg., City. •
ENGINEER — Steam and gas engines, factory
or power station; also marine. Box 2152.
Call offlce.
MIDDLE-AGED man wants a position In
wholesale house; 1 alary no object. Box*
232«. CallL
MAN and wire want work, man to drive team,
wife to cook for a few men. - Adtirets IV.
ROBINSON. 550 Mission.
A COMPETENT bookkeeper wishes employ-
ment evenings. Address G. HARRIS. 2913
Castro st.
WANTED — Situation as porter in store.
GEORGE FARGO, Sfl7 Market st.
WANTED — A pesition as barkeeper. SAM
WOLF. 1347B Ellis st.
YOUNG man wants position as traveling ajent
for hardware houre. Bcx 245«, Cal!.
WANTED — A ftrst-claea second cook for night
enift. Box 245*, Call.
ELEVATOR man wants work. G. PCGSLEY.
13C7 Kentucky et.
AN experienced atock bey wants a position.
Box 2473, Call.
NF.AT young man wants position as wrapper.
Box ?476, Ca'.h
POSITION as stock clerk in wholesale clothlns
hou*e; *ocd references. Box 24J*4. Call.
A GOOD ell-round blacksmith wants work in
city ur country. Box 2487, Ca'.I.
A FIRST-CLASS mlllwrljrht'wants strady po-
sltioa. Address bcx 2449. Call efflcc.
BRICKLAYER wants work; city or country;
competent man. Box 2417. CalU
BOY wants to drive cart. Box 2346, Call.
BOY wants to work la a foundry. Box 231S,
Call office.
MAN to work on a ranch. Box 2319, Call.
JOB la a bank. Box 2331. Call.
STAGE driver wishes position in country;
good references. Box 2193. Call.
MAN to rleau and wash huzzies. Box 249i.
CaU office^ '
GOOD man wishes to work in country; milk
cows. Box 2438. Call.
BOBHAIL car driver wishes position. Box
2407. Call. - ¦
GENTLEMAN wants to sell cigars. Box 24US,
Call office.
MAN wirhea Jeb cleaning up In. the morning.
Box 2TiOO. CaU.
JOB wanted In a "bank. Box 2340. Call office.
JOB wanted in the pestofflce. Box 2310. Call.
GOOD upholsterer and carpet layer wants a
position by the day. Box 2325. Call offlce.
GOOD bookkeeper wants position. Addrees W.
D-. 300 Taylor «t.
SCHOOLBOY wants a Saturday Job. Box 24CO,
Call office. ¦-
WORK wsoted »s wood turner or carpenter;
non-unicn. Box 2254. CaU.
BOY IS years of age would like to leara the
plumbing trade. Box 233C, Call.* - - - . .
MAN wicttes position aa night watchman. Box
2XTC. CilK - - ¦ ¦ ¦¦
WANTED— Position as bookkeeper. Box 225S.
Call offlct.
A BRIGHT boy (14). to drive doctor's buggy;
residence 32S14 Tenth ft. ¦_ ____-.i__.
FIRST-CLASS waiter wishes work. Please
- call 329* - Tolacm sL
ravinss B. and L. Association. 51t> California
tt. A. A. Watk!n«. president: Charles R.
Bishop, vice president; S. Prentlss Smith,
trea»urer: Clarenc* Grange, secretary and
rnanagSng director: Gavin McNab. attorney;
; George C Boardrnan and Charles E. Ladd.
; directors: Walter K. Smith, cashier. .
gub?cribe<l capital. SS.OW.OOO: paid in capi-
tal. M.OCO.OOO: reserve fund. S2OO.O0O.
FEATHKU RE.NOVATINO.
' OSTRICH feathers and boas remodeled, curlei
and waterproofed; sives a luster equal to
new; can be worn a season without losing
curl. Potter Waterproofing Co.. 50 Geary .-t.
i BY new. healthful proceas. Cal. Steam Feather
Co.. 325 Van Ness ave.: tel. Howard 31C7.
FLATS TO LET.
I —^— —
! A— HOUSES and flata to let: an Immense Mat;
I service abaolutely free: take advantage of
i this department; It wllV save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 243-259 Geary
tt.. on the square.
1 v . •
I . : :
I ALL rf the most desirable flats and houses ara
listed in our renting department: let us give
. you a !let and help you find one In the loca-
i tion you want. STERLING FURNITURE
COMPANY. 1CKJ9 Market St.: services abso-
lutely free.
j ELEGANT new urper and middle 9 and 10
: rooms: grand view city; son in every room;
with or without stable. D2S-30 Pierce at.
FELL. C51. between Buchanan and Webster —
New sunny fiat, never occupied: 3 rooms and
bath; every modern improvemeat.
TO rent— Upper flat. Ml Steiner St.. bet. Oak
and Fell, 7 room* and bath: all light and
sunny rooms. EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.
! ?30 — SUNNY upper flat, Bartlett at., near
j Twenty-fourth; «J rooms- and bath. Mission
! Realty Co.. 2 Twenty-ninth st.
ELLIS, 403, corner Jcn»s— Sunny modern flat
of 5 rooms and bath. VON RHEIN Real
Estate Co.. 513 California st.
ABOUT completed; 3 modern flats. 3. 5 and 6
rooms, yard: rent reasonable. Corner
Twenty-fifth and Capp sts.
; FIFTEENTH, 2190, near Castro— Sunny mid-
dle flat of ti rooms and bath; rent reasona-
J ble.
SUNNY modern flats. 1S39 Oak st.. near
Clayton: 7 and 9 rooms and bath each; renU
moderate.
j A — SEVEN runny rooms and bath; $27 SO.
j 21S Waller St.. near Webster.
ELEGANT, sunny corner flat;' 6 rooms and
bath. 4002 Eighteenth St., west of Castro.
FLAT— 3 sunny rooms; pantry. 310 Langton
st. ; rent. *S. ' •
GUERRERO. 733 — Upper flat. 0 rooms, bath:
¦sun in every room; .beautiful location.
LARGEST list of houses and flats. Call on
LYON _ HOAG. lie Montgomery et.
MODERN flat of 3 sunny rooms. 9S3 Sanchez
street. • . "
NEW flat: seven rooms and bath: marine
view. K-2Si Pacific ave.. near Polk ¦_¦;
NICE upper fiat. 421 Kills St.. near Jon's; 0
rooms and bath; rent reasonable.
OAK. 1723 — Elegant new flat. 7 rooms, bath;
facing park panhandle; $33.
PARLOR floor: 4 unfurn. rooms; small fam-
ily; adults: ?20; gas, bath. 212$ Howard st.
POLK. ¦ 2504. cor. Filbert — Fine aunny fiat;
seven large rooms; marine view; rent,. $33.
ETEINER. 632-534— Two beautiful, runny flats.
8 rooms, rent reasonable.
I SUNNY- middle flat. 630 Steiner St., near Fell:
j 7 tov:. j and. bath; rent muderate. "
I THREE 7-room fiat*; latest, improvements;
{. nearly completed.'' Mission St., bet. 23d. 24th.
LADIES to do piecework home; we furnish !
! materials and pay ?7 to $12 weekly. Send t
! stamped envelope to Royal Co., 34 E. Mon- j
i roe st., Chicago.
WASTED — First-class experienced trimmer on ;
children'* hats. Apply 10 a. m. Monday. I. !
MAGNIN & CO.. 43-83 ElUs St. £; |
WANTED — Young girls to learn stockkeeping.
Apply betwe*n 0 and 10 a. m. Monday. I.
MAGNIN A CO., 41K5 Ellis st.
LADIES — Most profitable home work; ?r» to $15 j
weekly; material free: no canvassing; steady [
work. Address Surety Co.. Chlcajeo. 1
WANTED — A good, reliable girl for general
housework and plain cooking In small family !
of adults. Box 2-T33, Call office.
WANTED— A girl for housework and ccok or.8
meal from 1 to 8:.1O p. m. ; small family.
Apply at 1S10 Sutter st. .. ,
AMATEUR photography by -correspondence;
catalogue free. Dept. F. California Collese
of Photography. Palo Alto.
EXPERIENCED operators for the lamb kn:t- i
ting machine: al*o a few apprentices. Apply \i
3. J. PFISTER KNITTING CO., 412 Polk st. >
WANTED — First-class millinery saleslady: i
steady position. Sahleln's Millinery, S73
Market et.. opoosite Powell.
FIRST-CLASS waist 'hands wanted and ap-
prentices paid while learning. 121 Post St.,
room 2. ;
WANTED — Salesladies; millinery department. |
Apply at once. KAHN BROS., Twelfth and }
Washlcrton ats., Oakland.^ j
A GIRL wanted to work 2 hours In morning. I
2 hours In afternoon. Apply 3Vi Augutt •
place, off Green st., below Ma sen. _^ {
WANTED— Girl between 20 and 35 years to
ilo seneral housework; small family; car
fare. 510 Cole ft. ,
WANTED^Expsrlenced salesladv in drj"goods J
and ready- made- we»r store. BAUER MANU- i
FACTURINO CO., 27C0 Mirslon et. j
A WANTED, operator" on ladies' underwear. .
66<i Mission at. thlrdnpor. j
-A— WANTED, operators en chlldren'a under- }
wear. «3« Mission Et.. third floor. !
EXPERIENCED operators m-anted. . II. !
KLAS. 1157 Folscm st. , ' j
WANTED — Apprentice girl on first-class coats. 1
Apply aU week. 49 McAllister st. ,
PROTESTANT trirl; cooking and htm *e work; I
3 in family. 2225 Pacific ave., upper flat. j
GIRL io assist, in hou5eworl£ a good home. •
j 1413B Mason^st. . .- . ¦ ¦ -y>. Vv j
' FIRST-CI^ASS lady chiropodist. La Verite.i
Tollft Co.. 10 Kearny st. j
YOUNG girl to do light housework; wages $13; |
good place right party. 16C5 Sacramento sU J
WANTED — Lady • solicitor: excellent oppor-
tunity, furnish referencea. Bcx 2U55, Call.
WANTED A . woman to do washing at ber
own home.- Box 2267. CalL
HANDS on vests who can make button-ho:e>.
C4Hi Stevenson- st.
YOUNG girl cr elderly : lady, j light housework;
"a'.eep home; call Sunday. 145 12th it., r. Ifi.
DRESSMAKING — Helpers and paid appren-
tlcea. 1603 Geary at. .
WOULD like lady to look after sick lady, j
Call at 94« Harrison St.. room .12. . •
WANTED— : Amlddle-ar«d woman for house-
werk; small family. Apply 1414 Webster st.
RESTAURANT waitress; *» a w-eek (open j
- house restaurant). _Mgl Clay at. '¦ ¦:- . j
GIRL '<"•*" u!ain cookinc and assist' in- generat ;
I houEework J _^2JJ^^ e 5Jl th _ s _. ___. |
WANTED^- Apprentice for, dressmaking. 1527
• i Mason st. ¦---.-•¦» .-.-¦..'¦. .
GIRL for of flee work: hours S tort: must write
..good and rapid band; state - salary . wanted.
Box C4S0. Call. --.,• - . - ¦¦-¦:¦ - <¦', .... .
list of positions, salaries, fxammlnations,
sample questions, etc.. to our Pacific Coast
offlce. 927 Market St.. San Franc'sco. Cal.
LIFE Insurance — An established flrst-cla?s old
line company. Just opening San Francisco
offices' desires some good producing solid -
' tors; advancement to management of branch
offices assured capable men. Address with
experience and references, box 2322, Call.
WANTED— First-class silk and dress goods
salesman: one capable. of taking charge of
stock and who Is willing to go to a city not
far from San Francisco. Apply between S)
and 11 a. m.. at HALE BROS."
TRAVELING salesman for California; no tech-
nical knowledge, but active, all-round hust-
ler; established, well-rated house. F. R.
JENNINGS, ealea manager, Detroit. Mich.
WANTED— 10 men in each State to travel,
tack signs, distribute circulars and samples;
$M> per month; $:: per day for expenses.
KUHLMAN CO.. Dept. H 2, Atlas blcck.
Chicago. «
SALESMEN— Specialty salesmen of intecrlty
1 and experience can have permanent territory;
staple line for general trade with advertising
proposition. Barton-Parker Mfg. Co.. Cedar
Rapids. Iowa. "^ ;
WASTED — Man to raise mushrooms at good
salary, with advancement: experience not
necessary. English and French Mushroom
Spawn Co., 176 S. Water st.. Chicago.
LADY or r'ntleman. each "county, to perma-
nently manage local business for wholesale
house: ?2O weekly: expenses advanced; no
experience. ' Manager, Como Block, Chicago.
WANTED — Bright boy of good address, who
cctnes well recommended, as delivery boy.
Give references, age. etc, and apply by let-
ter only to W. K. VanUerstlce Co., 136 Sutte«.
AMATEUR photographers wanted to take our
correspondence course: illustrated catalogue
free. California College of Photography.
Dept. E. Pale Alto, Cal.
YOUNG man as an apprentice In laundry: net
a'fraid of work: board and room: small
' wages to begin with. Apply Sau^allto Laun-
dry. South Satmllto.
WANTED— Men everywhere: good pay: to dis-
tribute circulars, adv. matter, tack slgifs;
no canvassing. Nat. Adv Bureau. Chicago.
WANTED — Hustlers to tack signs, distribute
circulars, sample?, etc.; no canvassing: good
pay. ' Sun Adv. Bureau. Chicago.
WANTED— A boy about 13 years old. Apply
at SHREVE & CO.'S factory. 403 Market
st-: -must .have good references.
WANTED — Boy about lfl to IS to make hlma;lf
uneful tn toilorlnr store. Apply Monday at
MI Third at.- ¦ .*-" - . ¦ . ¦ .
WANTED — Ycurr man who Is a flrst-da^s
shoe salesman and who has good local ref-
erence*. Apply box 2311. Call efflce. v>
EXPERIENCED advertising solicitor fcr
monthly publication; salary and commisslcn.
Box 2354. Call. . . '. ¦ - '
GOOD, energet'c mat* to handte agency d*part-
rr.*ni for a r'tlfbfe institution. Address box
¦233S.--Call.-.
WANTED — Young roan about 16 years old for
dalle* tessen cocntcr. Apply snpertntend-
ent's offlce. "The Emporium. .
WAGON boy» wanted. Apply superintend-
ent's efftce. The Err^orlum. - . "
DETECTIVES "everywhere; good salary; no ex.
reiience. Intl. Detective Agcy. Milwaukee. Wis.
COLLEGE barber: wages, room and board un-
til first class Jor 1 50_cash. _ Box . 2411. Xall.
WANTED — Youek boy for light offic^ work.
Apply ©40 Clay st. r- _^
OUTSIDE salesmen wanted on - letters, signs,
etc. BAKER. .21 Spear at. ' .
BOY wanted. Address box__i42. Call. _
WANTED— Sueet salesmen for San Francisco
and adjoining towns..; Box 2331. CalL,
GERMAN ' bartender; handy i on steam beer;
Sunday afternoon. -. 25. Geary st. . .. .
HELP WASTE D— -M AJLE— Can.
MURRAY & READY. O4-«3» Clay st.
Phone Ma.n i>ts
Loading Employment anu 1— .bor Asents.
io-^.\Y jlriUNDAY),
REDUCED RATES.
tHKAP FAUEd.
NEVADA. NEVADA.
TO NEVADA STATE.
S hrs. day. Government work., S hrs. day.
23 teaatktcrs. ahiii tu-nisht,' $2 day.
1U iabof«r«. ship to-ni:ht.
Kockmen. arhiera. Irrisatlon ditch.
Car repairers. *.; day.
NE/AUa STATE.
GOVEKAJlBXr WO-tK.
SHIP 'iO-NlGHi % .
3IINKRS. TUNNELMi:.N. DRILLERS.
ti machine drillers, tunnel ar.d open-cut wor»
in State of Nevada, good wage*, see bosj
here; i> machine min.-rs. gold m.ne. Cal.. *J":
5 miners, hand work, gold imne. $92 ."«¦:
.rock-breaker man. $75; skip tender. $75;
timber man. $9o; con-.-entrator man. SOU; tool
sharpener and blacksmith, small mloe.
TO ARIZONA.
SHIP TO-NIGHT.
Clos* to Prescott. 9111 miles. 1 9 10
000 laborers, drtl.'ers. rockmen, etc
Prescott. -Arizona. - Ship dallr- •
' READ THESE !
', CAREFULLY.
Tinsmith. facVrry. n4*r city. $3 day: drill I
sharpener, mice; team»ter. mine. $ ».*» and ;
found: slaughter butcher, ranch, near t-ity; !
2<* woodeboppers, see boss here: lunch ccck. I
saloon, country. $45 and found; farmer and '
wife. C. C. Co.. $40 and found; boy to leara i
to wait at table, *-."• and found: 3 milker?. I
same dairy. $30 and found; ranch cook, iare j
$1 25. J3O and found; S plow teamsters, fare |
$2. $30 and found; cement finisher. Si SO day; j
butcher, country, shop. $40 and foend; sec- i
ond baker. $10 and found: laundryman. Tyier I
machine. |12 wtek; 4 choreboys, near city, j
$13 and found; chorensan. prirate place, boas ;
here. ?3u and found; farmer and wife, good '•
'Job. suuth. $45 aad found: married gardener. :
$40 and house: 3 elevator boys, city; cook.-, i
waiteis. kitchen hands and dishwashers: 1T> •
farmer*, milkers and "choremen. MURRAY '
Sc READY. 634-«« Clay st. ¦
__ __ __ ,
Men to learn the barber trade In two months '
and secure good positions; catalogue and full
Information mailed free. MOLER System \
College. G35 Clay st.
WANTED — First-class " solicitors fcr perma-
nent business: excellent opportunity; must j
furnish references. Box 2332, Call.
OFFICE boy wanted: about 14 years old; good 1
position tor neat, bright boy. Apply super- ;
intendent's offlce. The Emporium. j
TEN good canvassers wanted for household •
articles; small capital required; out of city. .
Box 2313. Call. j
YOUNG man es bookkeeper for lumber flrav. '
*tat- a«t. experience and salary expected. I
Box 2303. -Call orflce. [
1 — — . 1
SALESMAN — Bond required: good salary; !
reference. Bcx 220«. Call offlce.
WANTED — Good solicitors. National Mercan- ;
tile Co.; call room 214 Starr King bid?.
_ ; 1
ELEVATOR boy wanted. 29 Stockton st.
WANTED— Neat appearing boy with wheel. I
Room 61. Delsr-r building. ¦
EARN better salary and position; study elee- j
trlcity. mechanical engineering, telegraphy, >
by correspondence; thousands auccessiul. T. i
A. Edison Indorses institute; bock. "Can I ;
Decora? an Electrical Engineer?" free. Elec- :
trlcal Engineer Institute. New York. ¦ :
WANTED — Ccacbman who thoroughly under- i
stands his business; must be capable of j
taking charge of stable and hare unquestlon- j
able referenda as to ability and character. 1
Address fully, stating salary expected. Box {
2429, Call offlce. '
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know j
that Ed Rolkin. Reno Hcuee proprietor. ha»-
added 10O new rooms to the Denver House, '
217 Third st. : 230 rooms; 25c to 30c per ni^ht. ;
GOVERNMENT positions— Call at room 1*. !
fifth floor. 303 Larkln st.. for free informariorj ;
aa to positions, salaries, age limits. «tc. ; da/ ;
or eventnrs. i
ISO YOUNG men. IS years of age. to oryantx* ¦
military organization. Call S. SZANIK. 47J
Valencia st.. between 6 and > v. m.
A MAN of indomitable energy and push, a good |
talker. ea*er to make monev F. PERSON. [
477 and 478 Parrott building. :
BARBERS, take notice — The offlce of secre- '
tary and Free Employment Bureau has r»-
moved to 0 City Hall sq.. or ISM Market st. j
Journeymen Barbers' Union, Local 11$. JOS. I
R. BLEJLY. Secretary. '
IN wholesale house, an experienced bill clerk:
good rapid writer; quick and accurate at f
figures; mention age and references. Box I
2483. Call offlee. .
WANTED — Furniture salesman, one posted In t
new and secend-hand business: must be a ;
morker; no other need apply. H. SCHELL- j
HASS, Oakland. j
WANTED — Men and women to learn the bar- 1
ber tr3de in the most practical school: po- j
- sltlon<i found. WESTERN COLLEGE OF
BARBERS, 647 Commercial st.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and |
$1 50 per pair,, foot-fonn shoes at $2 5O or ;
orthopedic «hoe».$3 SO; best shoes en earth. 11
Third St.. Exam. bid;.. 5 doors from Market. ,
WANTED — Boys for offlce work; good oppor- •
tuntty: must have at least eighth grade edu- |
cation. Box 24J«6. Call offlce. i
BARBERS — Two or 3 chair shop wanted, with !
living rooms. Address Call box 30. IOCS Mar- j
' ket st. • ;
CYLINDER and platen feeders wanted. SUS- ;
SET PRESS. Market and Tenth sta. J
BRIGHT boy, 16; opportunity to advance: \
wares. Carson Glove Co., 123 Second.
1 !
BOY in drugstore. 43") Goush st. '
WANTED— Bootblack at The Berkeley, first ;
class only: better than best wages. East :
Berkeley. >
EXPERIENCED crockery' man wanted for !
salesman and floor; state experience, salary j
exrected. Addre«a box 2451. Call offtV-.
EXPERIENCED salesman for draperies and ;
rurtalns wanted: state experience at.*1 salary ¦
expected. Address box 2431. Call offlce.
AGENCIES for every city ef the Union for th- !
Marquis Hair Tonic Co.: liberal terms. Hi ;
Post St.. J5an Franuisco. Cal. 0
PENSION* ATTY.. M. HARRIsTiopUls st: U j
yearV practice: reference* from thousands of j
persons for whom I have secured pensions. '
TRY our men's ahoea. union made, at $1 and ';
$1 SO pair: foot-form shoes at $2 5O; we pay •
express or main charges. 11 3d st.. Exam. bid. j
WANTED— Dentists; one operator and one j
laboratory man. Box ICQ. Mem? Ma. Tenn. !
CANVASSERS selling any article can add i
handsomely to their income. Box 2430. Call. !
GOOD wood turner wanted. GEO. W. I
-KNEASS. 61S Third at. •
NICE.,c!san offlce boy wanted. Apply super- ¦'
intendent's offlce. The Empcrtum.
- 1
YOUNG men. sailors and graen hands .for |
steamers. .517 Jackscn *t.'.
YOUNG men. sailors, blacksmiths, carpenters. !
sr^en hands. f«/r ships. DENT'S. 2tt Steaart. |
PANTSMAKER for country. Apply REISS
BROS. & CO.. 24 Putter at.
MAN to do Janitor wcrk fcr tuition in S. F.
Barber School. 741 Howard at.
Pension Atty.. E. A. Built*, r. 4O. Phelan bldg.
Pa»t Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A. R. j
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third sC. near Mar- i
ket — 7C0 rooms: 33c nUht: reading - rooms; j
fr*« 'buii and barrage to ar.d from ferry, i
I
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the reception !
of advertisements and subscriptions has been .
opened at 10GS Market st.. opposite FifUi. i
Open until U d. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at j
Call Branch offlce. cor. Duncan & Church sts. ;
-11 1
ALL sixes men's shoe*, slightly damaged, hal' ',
price. i*"3 Mission st.. bet 1st and 2d «ts.
GET — iur *hce- half-soled while w aitics;: 23e
; ' to 5Oc. Rffl Mlwlon rt.. bet. 1st and 2d st<»- j
"__*__» ~WA« T-O — StiTSF.XXrSV.
! SALESMAN wanted to sell patent article,
also St&te and county, with right to manu-
facture; principal feature an excellent ai-
- vertising medium; big money fcr a man of '
genuine ability. Address P. O. . box 114. !
1 . Scuth Berkeley. - - ¦:
WE want four blight canvassers to. learn to
sell .White sewing machlnea; salary and pre-
mium to live men Apply from 9 to 9 a. m.
and itoGp. ,1s. at -ICO Poat st.. White Sew-
ing Machine Company. -
HOOKS TO LKT.
A — PKIMELi list «f turn**-* to let: »etul ror cir-
cular. «. H. UMBSRN * CO.. 2o Montcoatrr
MCALLISTER. HO— 12 rooms, bath and Wl-
liardrroum: f'0; water free: modern.
BEFORE morinK «»t-our printed list of nouses
t tn let. BALDWIN * HOWELL. 23 Post ft.
: $lt' — HOUSE. « roczus. 171 Collins at.; near
; Geary-at. cars.
I IIOISES TO LET — FL'R.XiSH-Pl
I ELEGANTLY f uraished house. 8 ro;ns and
1 bath. 15£l Vallejo ti., n«ar Van Ness ave.:
rent very reasonable. . •
A SPLENDID location: l'J rooms; nicely far-
t nlshed; bargain, liii Octavia St.. cor. Sutter.
HOlsE.« KIRMSHKD FOR SALE.
I«S5u: MUST sell to-day; partita coins away;
e-roomed house; new furc'turt. ' 1UO(> Sut-
ter st
FOIl sale — Furniture of S-rocm house; very
reasonable. 425 Turk at.
FOR SALE — Furnished hous*-. 0 roonn: bar-
gain; eltan; going away. 3C5 CoMeij Gate av.
HOUSrS TO __T— SAJT S-JTAXX.
FURNISHED house in San Rafael to rent; 103
Petaluma ave.. from June l;'t— * of ptano;
5 rooms and bath. ; .':
HUlt-SKS A.>1> WAGONS.
REGULAR auctlcn sale* of horses, bugglea,
wazors a- i harness every Monday . at 11
o'clock at 615 Ellis st.: all horses miinn-
teed -o be as represented. S. WATKIN3.
Auctioneer. Phone East 713.
AUCTION aale of horses every Wednesday at
11 a. m.. 327 Sixth at., every bora* mu»t b«
as represent«l or money refunded. JOHN J.
DOYLE. Auctioneer.
FOR, aale — A fine lara;* driving or fcarce»s horse;
IK 1 ; hands high: sound: hay. with black
pointsr sold without a fault. Inquire ef, fSt
Haisht street stables.
ONE 4-ton platfoiin. gear apringa and wneels
and axles. JL> business buiories: rubber tire
read buggies and surrey. l,'mi Folaom st.
PHYSICLVN'iS ru+jher- tir«<1 top buggy; chea?.
Inquire H. D. SCHRODKR, 1» and 21 San-
chea «t. or 434 Waller at.
WANTED — A good, sound drtvtny horas . for
city usv: state age and price asked. Box
2D9». Call offlce.
PONT, hamess'and surrey: in order: pony fine
driver. Fruitvale Stabie. V.'ashinstoa at..
Fruit vale.
FOR SALE — Hors*. 5 years old: aorr»l; gentle
and thcroughly brcks to busgy- Box 231>,
Call office.
HORSE, wap-in. bucgy and harness for aale
cheap. 27;«t Bryant at. .
HORSE for sale 7 years old: good, true w«rtt-
er; 12C0 lbs. Box 29-J9. • Call of flee. •
FOR SALK— Li,Tht delivery wagon, used very
llttl». Eox 2902. Call office.
I WILL, give pasture to two horses tor the
use of one;, light driving. Box 2945. Cal!.
WANTED — To buy a light business bugrr:
must be In good condition. Box 2964, .Call.
FOR sal» — On? 2-horse. flat-bcttom. sprts«
ctal vag;n. 127 Ninth st. - ;. .
A I.I-GHT rrocery wafr*n for sale cneap. 1213
Pierce St.
AUCTION every Tuesday. 11 a. m.. of hones,
wagons and harness, at 114U Folacm st,
Al EXPRESS wagon. Iiy?it camping wagon,
and c— cart for aal* cheap. 5U2 M^aaion at.
Larcc«f *!>M>KiDt 2d-hand wagons. buckbd..sur-
r*v.hirw«». work.drlvlnxhorsen. ]5th- Valencia.
I.\VK5TME>TH. •
WE bry and sell all active stocks and bonds:
a'so Msh-riJUs mortiras;e»: ear»fuH^-a»lecte4
oecurlties always on hand offered at; from
jn rent to SO rer cent belo— -reralar
pric»^; list of 5<X) bargains in well-known
*:ccks free on request: get our quotations
before buvinr »!$»wher». WATT _ COW-
PER-THWAITE. Investment Brokers; Stock-
tcn. Cal. ' " ' '
FOP. >ale— ?xa!l hlofk of «to^k in rich Nevada
rrine at 5c. 531 Parrctt bviildina;.
LOST AAD FOOD.
LOST— Within past •? days, a deed from- Camp-
bell Sr. to Campbell Jr.. as trustee: executed
year lsf.5. at \Wllsburs. WesfVa. Return to
A. CAMPBELL t=» K-arny at.; reward.
LOST— Gray 1-ather bag containing purse. 4
rinas < hsck and papers; reward J50. C. L.
WHITE. 26* Crocker building.
LOST— Grey !»ati:er bajt ccntalnin* purs*. 4
rinjrs. ch<"k and papers. Reward. C. L.
WHITE. 207 Crocker traildlra;. '
LOST — A sold rir?: reward. Apply 1531
Chttrch M.. Call bran«-h office. - .
31ATUIMO.MAL.
YOUNG lady of 1"». high education, has kind
ami loving parents, tu? poor, would" like •
home of her own and would like to corres-
pond with young man: mu*t be 1»oncraWs
and gentlemanly; object matrimony. Bcx
23W\ Call oface.
WIDOW lady of 4D. light blue eyes, hair
turning gray, a good housekeeper, of a lov-
Inx anil kind disposition, would like the ac-
quaintance of an honorable anl true man;
object matrimony. Cox 290ft: Call offlce.
AMERICAN lady. 33 fwldow). no Inctxrn-
brances. a gfwJ housekeeper, would Uke> a
good home arid wants to correspond with *
gentleman; object matrimony- Box 2972,
Call offlce. ¦ .-
PROFESSIONAL gentleman with some money
aiyl an income, sober and honest, would lik»
tho acquaintance of a young lady: attrac-
tive; object matrimony. Bcx 2384. Call.
TfUJOWER <unlncumbered>. a good business
and mfan*. a' lover of hom«* and happines»t
would like to correspond with a lady: object
matrtmory. Box 2910. Call office.
YOUNG laboring man with some, money would
like acquaintance with a young lady: savins
and good housekeeper; object matrimony.
Address box 233S. CaU offlce.
MIDDLE Ar.ED gentleman, good habits.' so— ,*
means, affectionate disposition, would Ilk*
the" acquaintance- of . a lady; object matri-
mony. Eox 2tJ2i>. Call office.
GENTLEMAN. 34 with a good position with a
firm here, would like to meet a lady; object
matrimony. Box _»•>!. Call office.
MED1 _ CAL -
LAMES desiring safe, sure and.q-ilck relief
from irregularities consult m* at one*; my
methods are always safe, painless aad reli-
able: I have no failures; cure guaranteed; no
exorbitant f*es; 17 years' experience la all
female disorders: call or write without delay;
advice free: correspondence confidential.
DR. WHITE. 7U2 Market St.. rocma 7 and 8.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female,
complaints and trresulazities: Instant relief
guaranteed ; 30 years' experience. £28 Poat st.
MRS. DR. KOHL." reliable specialist for all f«-'
male troubles and irregularities; Instant n-
V.et guaranteed.- 10CS& Market St.. opp. St_
VALPEAU'3 female pills; best regularise; ptTls
sold: price f 2 5*> by express. 'Pasteur's
syrinre and tablets; price 93. By expres*
only on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTH-
ERS, wholesale druggists. Seventh ' aad
Broadway. Oakland. *_
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— AH who are sick or
tn trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints: positively corrected: the unfortu-
nate helped; the moat difficult caaes treated:
advice free. Office. 1018-— ark«t at.
A DESTITUTE women's friend: free secluded
horns durtcg confinement; also housekeeping
rooms; Infants adopted In good homes.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. Illtt 8th St.. Alameda.
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk, nr. Van Ness — Expert
in obstetrics., female complaints: inat. relief;
treatment S10; hours. 10 to 3; 23 years* exper.
' MRS. V. ALLEN. 11 IS Market— Reliable ladies*
specialist; a private. home. before and during
confinement: best medical care; low fees,
r>R. an 1 MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS:
original method of treatment. 112* Market st.
1 LADIES — Our monthly regulator never fails;
box free. VITA CO.. Station A. Detroit. Mien.
1 DR ROSEN resides- 2095 Fqlsoxa at., corner
26tb: ladles, relief or no fee; IIP. ,
I DR. NG TOY KEE. 313 Powell rf.. eppostt*
Unica square: all diseases cared by herbs.
•UI\K<* AND 1IINWO
I -¦ ¦
j WANTED — Grubstake for Nevada by practical
miner and prospector; best of references. Ad-
" dress box 24C2, Call offlce.
1 _: . 1 1
; WaNT minlne claim; quartz or placer; gtv»
particulars; cheap, or to work snares. Miner,
box AS*".*. Call offlce.
j 3t1SCE L_.*.^E PL'S— FOR 3 ALB.
i BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 1S5-I97 Fremont at.
• AT~the OaklanJ Telegraph - avenue Poultry
Yard. €405 Telegraph ave. — Ejssffor K»tch-
L In* of Buff Cochin. B. P. Kocka. 'Black
Minorca*. White Legoorna. Pekln and Indian
L Runner ducks and Toulouae geese eggs.
I DOES TOITR RCOF LEAK?
{ Repair it witta eiateiite: In rolla easy to lay:
I needs no painting or coat:=g; good over eld
1 iron, tin or shingles; best for new.roof*.
i EL-XTERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
! 2TJ-HAND machinery, bcl'.era. aaglnes. purrp*.
! pulleys. »haf:ir.sr. etc.. etc.. bcogst. sold.
• " rrnr*^ and rxebanared; aee* Sunday papers.
; H. S. .WHITE MCHT. CO.. 130- 132 BcaUeat.
! PAINT your old and new metal and ahlngl«
¦ tcofs with Astcstcs Roof Paint; guaranted
f to stop all leaks hi the one and preserve ta»
new. 2t5 Front at.; Hi. Main T— 3. •¦
! FOUTY fresh milk ton* for sale: suitable for
|- families;-- w'.:i milk from V* to 21 • qnarta
¦ : daily laquire Mi»:on read. cor. Silver ave..
t-pp. Five-mile Hcuw.
I FOR sale— Fresh 1 milch cow; $5 Jersey, S
• Duitam: third calf: 4 gallons .milk daU?;
gtotle. MRS. L. E. DARLING.. Dlrncn4 P.
O.. AUntecta Cocnty.
For Additional Classified Advertise-
mrnt.s Sec Pas« Forty-Six,Saturday. March 5
Stmr Chlco. Martin. 59 hours from BandonI
ARRIVED.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
Leslie Downey, an actor, reported to
the police last night that ;60 had been
stolen from him in the St. Dennis Ho
tel, 24 Turk street. Downey was tak
ing a bath and left a chamois pouch
hanging on the door knob when he left
the bath room. "When he returned to
get It, the money was gone.
Actor Says He Lost $60.
SALINAS. March 5.— The Jury in the
case of Mead vs. the Monterey and
Pacific Grove Railway to-night re
turned a" verdict in favor of the plain
tiff for the sum of $5000 damages. On
October 5 last Mr*. Carmen Mead, wife
of Henry Mead, employed at Del Monte,
was on her way home from Monterey
on an electric car of the Monterey and
Pacific Company Rairway. when the
car on which she waa riding was run
Into by another car coming from be
hind. The shock following the colli
sion seriously Impaired Mrs. Mead's
health.
JURY RETURNS VERDICT
AGAINST THE RAILROAD
P. F. Augustlny (owner) with Ludwig B. O.
Koenig (contractor), architect C. A. Meuss
dorffer—AU work except painting, gas fixtures,
shades, mantels and electric wiring for a
three-story and basement frame building (two
flats and store) on E line of Valencia street.
160 N of Twentieth street. E SO by N 25 M B
block 67; $7491. • - -
Goldberg, Bowen _ Co. (owners) with Fred
P. Fischer (contractor), architects H. II. Mey
ers and C. R. Ward— All work for a one-«tory
frame ar\d brick building on the SW corner
of Halzht street and Masonic avenue. S 52:6
by W loO. Western Addition 662; $12,755.
James Tlerney (owner) with Carl N. P.
Ahlzren (contractor), architect Martens &
Coffey — All work- except plumbing, painting,
mantels, shades and gas fixtures for a four
story frame building on S line of O'Farreli
street. 81:8*4 E of Leavenworth, E 22:114 by
S 68:9; $731S.
Same owner with O. C. Sweeney (contract
tor) architects same — Plumbing, draining, ga*
flttlng for same on same; $1642.
Charles Goodall (owner) with Edward Gin
ley (contractor), plans by owner — All work for
a two-story frame building on S line of Deeth
street 57:6 XV of Fourth avenue. W 25 by 3
100. Outflde Lands block 17Sr $3350
Mrs. I. J. Truman (owner) with T. S. Dow
nar (contractor). architect — All work for
a two-story frame building on the N Una of
Twentieth street. 62:6 E of San Carlos ave
nue. E 22:6 by N 37:6: $2900.
Henri Marx (owner) with, Henry Easter (con
tractor), architect W. G. Hind — All work for
a three-story frame building on the W Una
of Flllmore street. 112:6 S of O'Farreli, 3
23 bv W 87:6; $6670.
Francois Marx (owner) with same contractor,
architect same — All work for two three-story
frame butidings on the W Una of Fillmora
street. 62:6 S of O'Farrell. S 50 by W 87:6;
?13.24O. . *
Anna D. Joost to Nellie Dennis, lot com
mencing on Grand Ocean boulevard or old
Ocean House road, distant W 490 from NE
angle of Lakeview Tract (which is also the:
NE angle of block C). XV along N line of lota
20. 2D. 30 an<l 31, — 95 feet. E to Grand Ocean
boulevard, SE 114:S. containing 1.041 acres;
$10.
! Builders' Contracts.
John L. Radovich to Amalia Radovlch, undi
vided half of lot on W line of York street. 405
N of Augusta. W ICO. N 42:3, NW 8:10.«E
<i.::l. S 50, lots 148 and 149. Sliver Terrace;
Lawrence and Bridget Taafe or Taaffe to
Oscar Heyman, lot on SE line of Chenery
street. 113 SW of Roanoke. SW 75 by SE 100,
lots 10 and 11. block 2. Faiftnount Tract: $10.
Harriet de Witt Kittle to Caroline B. Crock
er, "lot on NE line of D« Long avenue as per
map of January — , 1004. 35 N'W of Piedmont
street, NW Co by N'E 103:194, block 3, Flint
Tract; $10. •
S. Ducas Company (a corporation) to George
Ryan, lot on E line of Butler street and NE of
Tomaso, SE S«:3. N 5S:G4. W 75. S 13:11%.
lot 1. block 1, George Ryan's subdivision. Fran
conia: $10.
Frederic E. and Bell M. Magee to Henry "W.
and Marie Boning, lot en S Una of RJchland
avenue. 470 XV of Mission street. W 30 by S
100. lots 2 and 3, block E, French and Gllman
Tracts: $10.
Gecrge L"arruth*rs to John M. Klein, lot oa
E line of Yerba Buena street. 112:« _ of Clay.
S -Jj by E 80. quitclaim de«d : $1.
John M. and Mary E. Klein to Benjamin,
S. Wllkins, lot on _ line of Ewer place, 83:10
W of Mason street, W 51 :S by S 56; also lot
on N line of Ewer place. 117:0 W of Mason
street N 6l>, XV 20. S 35. W 80. S 25, E 50. 3
__ :«, 'E 30. N 22:«, E 20: $lo.
S. Grace Kilpatrick to Arthur Stevens, lot
on N line of Chestnut street. 51:3 B of Leavcn
wcrth. E 2«i::; by N S7:tJ; *IO.
James S. and Lucia A. Huey to Clement T.
Reese, lot on NW line of Perry street. 175 SY7
of Third. S\V 25 by NW 80; $10.
Ferdinand E. Hesthal to Frank "W. Lucas
anil Alice B. Brown, lot on NW line of Clem
entina street, 252:6 SW of Fourth, SW 22:8 by
NW HO- ?H>.
Jowph Fieel to Richard I. Whelan, lot oa
SE line of Howard street. 100 SW of Eighth,
SW 45 by SE 16O: $10.
William J. Gunn and Emma C. Guna to
Charles B. Humbert, lot on E line of Eleventh
avenue, 150 N of Clement. N 50 by B 120; $10.
Moses and Emma K. Greenabaum to John
Bce-hrer, lot on SW corner of Eleventh avenua
and Clement street. S 75 by W 120; $10.
Solomon and Dora Get- to Morrison F. Plx
ley. lot on E line of Fortieth avenue. 100 S of
V street. S 23 by E 120; $1O.
Charles Sutro Jr. to Jennie laven. lot on
N'W line of Moscow street. 200 SW of Franc*
avenue. SW 1C0 by NW 100, block 76, Excel
sior Homestead; also lot on NW line of Mos
cow street. ISO SW of France avenue, SW 25
by NW 1U0; also lot on W line of Moscow
street and France avenue. SW 10O by N~/ 100.
block 7t>. same; $10.
Charity Hayward and Emma Ros* t* 11 *"
Emma H. Rose) to George K. Frink. lot on N
line of Fulton street, lot) E of Polk, E 110 by
N 120; $10. ,
Same to Adolph Meyer, lot on NE corner of,
Fulton and Polk Btreets. E 100 by N 120; $10.
Frank L. and Augusta Guntz to A. D. Car
vill lot on N line of Oak street. 111:0 W or
Lacuna W 28 by N 120; $10.
Juliet J. Meze3 to Linea L. Baehr (wife o»
Harry), lot on W lire of Flllinore street, 73 N
of Green. * 23 by W 60; $10.
Gertrude S. Bowers to Isabella M. Coweu.
lot on N line of Jackson street. tS:9 W of
Fierce \V tS:9 by N 14C:5; $10.
Emmet Louise C. Emmet H. and Kat» T.
Rixford to Elvira KixforJ. lot on E line of
Lyon street, 127 :>Hi N of Sacramento. N 50 by
E 110; $10. - „
Frances and Carl Zoberbier to James K.
Warner lot on \V line of Lyon street. 100 N.
of Halght N 23 by \V 100; $10.
William J McKillop to James P. and Mary
I>evine, lot on W line of Clayton street. .5 N
of Waller. N 25 by W O«l:lOVi; $10.
Samuel un'l Fanny Glass to Laura Hornung-.
lot on E line of Willard street. 120 £1 of Carl.
H 20 by E U5; $10.
Howard S Smith to Sparrow Smith. lot on
S line of Pacific avenue, 35 W of Walnut
street. W 50 by S 100; $10.
Albert P. De Witt to Cornelius and Mary
Donovan, lot on W line of Shotwell street. 175
S of Seventeenth. S il by XV 122 :«: $10.
German Savings and Loan Society to Annla
H. Eaton lot on S line of Hill street. 173:T
W of Church. W 25 by S 114; qultdalia
deed; $3.
Annie II. Eaton to Nicholas F. and Annie M.
Smith, same; $10.
SATURDAY. MARCH 5.
KEAL. ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO "CALU V; SUNDAY; -MARCH iV 6, 1904. r
46
| of Market street, San Francisco, at 11:30
o'clock. Remains can be seen at the parlor 3
of Albert Brown, 572 Thirteenth street. Oak- i
land. . .
CORNYNV-In this city.. March 5. 1904. at hi-
residence, S25 Battery street, j James, be-
loved husband of the late Margaret Cornyn.
father of Margaret Cornyn. and brother of
Francis Cornyn and Mrs. J. Barry, a native,
of County Cavan. Ireland, aged 82 years.
EyNotice of funeral hereafter.
COUGHLIN— In Oakland. Cal.. March 5. 1904.
Margaret Coughlln. beloved wife of the late
i John Coughlln. and mother of Joseph L.
1 Coughlin. a native of County Cork. Ireland,
i aged 6C vears.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resl-
. dence, 1519 Seventh street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's "Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repo?e of
! her soul at' 9 o'clock. Interment St. Mary s
Cemetery. Oakland.
f CRAWFORD— In this city. March 3. 1904.
Julia J. Crawford, aged 55 years.
C-TRemalns at the mortuary chapel of
the Golden Gate Undertaking Company.
2475 Mission street, near Twenty-first.
! FISHER— In this city. March 5. 1904. Mary
C, widow of the late John Fisher, and dear
1 mother of Maud and Joseph XV. FUher. Mrs.
Mamie Mactluff and Mrs. J. H. Peacock.
I GARRETT— The anniversary requiem mass
1 for the repose of the soul of Mrs. Mary Gar-
rett will bo celebrated on Tuesday. March
j 8, at St. Mary's Cathedral, commencing at
j 9 o'clock.
J GEDDES— In this rlty. March 5. 1904. Mar- !
I garet La Rose Geddee, daughter of the late '
j John and Mrs. Jennie Geddes. and sister ul
James A. and Francis S. Geddes. a native
[. of Stockton. . Cal., aged 31 years 5 months-
| and 20 days. ' * j
l HENDRICKS— Entered into rest, in thl» city, j
March 4. 1904, Emma Hendrlcks. beloved i
j sister of George T.. Joseph S. and K. Mill-
i ner and" Mrs. C. D. McKenney. and mother i
J of the late Arthur and Raymond Hendricks,
r a native of Jamaica. West Indies, aged 4U I
L years S months and 4 days'.
tryFriends and acquaintances are respect-
I fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
I (Sunday), March fi, at 1 o'clock, from her
; late residence, 143'J Pine street, corner Polk. .
; Interment - Mcnqt Olivet Cemetery, by elec-
• trie funeral car from Eighteenth and Guer- •
! rero streets. :
! HYRUI'--In Alameda.. March 4, 1904. Peter
Levin Hyrup, beloved father of Mrs. C. J.
i Kllnker. Mrs. P. A. Johnson. Mrs. D. P.
I Munthe, '.Mm. H. P. Nielsen, Mrs. O. Prahl '
j and P. N. and W. P. Hyrup. a native of !
j Denmark, aged 73 ; years 6 months and t>
'lrf.VS.
I t-^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
! fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
• (Sunday), al 2 o'clock, from th» residence
of D. P. Munthe. 11C4 Broadway. Alameda. ,
• Interment Mountain View Cemetery. i
I JONES— In this city. March 5. 1904. Evan L.. !
beloved son of Hugh L. and Freida Jones. .
; grandson of Mrs. M. Duttke. and nephew of
Richard. Clara. Elsie and Freddie Duttke. a
native of San Francisco, aged 5 months and
1/ day.
' C Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend . the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of the parents. 551 Fourth street. In-
terment Holy Crons Cemetery.
LA1NG — In this city. March 4. 1904. Mary
B: Laing. - beloved ¦ mother of Mrs. J. C.
Swift of Kansas City and L. E. I-alr.e of
Nan Francisco, a native of Scotland, aged •
, 53 years 4 months and 10 days.
- E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend vthe funeral to-day
(Sunday), March 6, at 9:30 o'clock, from the •
parlors of H. F. Suhr &. Co., 1137 Mission
'strtet. between Seventh and Eighth. Inter-
ment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
LAITO — In this city. March 5. 1004. Annie,
beloved wife of Oscar Laito. daughter of
Abel and Ida Dorffi. and »i»ter of Alfred
and Edla Dorffi of Fort Bragg, Mendoclno
County. Cal.. a native of Finland, aged 24
years 9 months and 5 days.
LANGSTADTER— In this city. March 5. 1904. .
Cecelia Langstadter, beloved daughter of the :
late Sellgman and Jeanette Langatadter, a •
native of New York.
LANZET— In Seattle. Wash.. March 2. 190t.
Samuel, beloved husband of Rachel Lanzet.
and father of Mrs. Max Benas, Mrs. M. R. i
Goldberg. Mrs. B. S. Dickhoff and M.rkua j
aiid Annette Lanzet, a native of Austria, j
aged 67 years. :
CVKrlerulfi and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day j
(Sunday), at 12:at> o'clock, from his lato i
resld'.nce, 23t5 l'lne i*tr.jet,- between Fillmo-t
and Stelner. Interment Salem Cemetery, by
electric car from Eighteenth and Guerrero
streets.
LAWSON— In this city. March 4. 1904. Arthur
Jl., 'beloved ton ot Mr*. Clara E. Lawson. !
and Zather of Arthur M. Lawson. a native !
of San Francisco. Cal., aged :vj years 1 '
month and 14 -bus. A member of Pacific I
Parlor No. JU. N. t3. G. XV. \
CSTThe funeral will take place to-day !
(Sunday), st 9:30 o'clock, sharp, from the j
parlors of James McMenomey & Sun, 1007
Mission stteet. opposite new Poetufflce.
thence to CvDreMi Lawn Cemetery, via elec-
tric funeral car from Eighteenth and Guer-
rero streets at 10 o'clock. Cremation Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery.. j
LUBBERT— In thin city, March 4. 1904, Mar-
garet Lubbert. beloved mother of Mrs. Fred '
Champreux, Mrs. Robert XV. Lewis and :
George II. and Arthur J. Lubbert, a native ;
of- County Fermanagh. Ireland, aged t"_ i
years. i
m2*Frienils and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday. '
March 6. at 12:30 o'clock, from her lato j
residence, 87 Federal street, off Second, be- j
tween Bryant and Brannan. thence to St.
Brendan'* Church for service.*, commencing '
at 1 o'clock. N. B.— A requiem high mass |
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul !
Monday. March 7, commencing at 9 o'clock. I
Interment Hoiy Cross Cemetery. ;
MATTAU — In the City and County Hospital,
March 5. 1904. Louis Mattau. a native of
France, aged 41 years.
MEEHAN— In this city. March 4. 1904, Abble
Irene, dearly beloved daughter of Charles
and Henrietta Meehan, and sister of Charles i
W.. George H. and the late Ulysses G.
Meehan. ¦
B_TTne funeral will take place to-morrow I
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the family .
residence, 1*19 Vallejo street, thence to St. .
Luke's Church. Van Ness' avenue and Clay ,
street. Interment strictly private, Cypresa '
, Lawn . Cemetery.
MONAHAX— In Oakland. Cal.. March 4. 1904.
Lacklan Monahan. beloved father of Mrs.
Noyer, Mrs. Clemens and Joseph and John
Monahan, a native of Tullamore, Ireland,
aged 83 years.
E7The funeral will take place to-day
(Sunday), from his late residence, 1363
Broadway, Oakland.
NICHOLS— In this city, March 17, 1902, May
Nichols, beloved wife of Shedrick C. Nich-
ols, and mother of Everett Emmett N'lchola,
' a native of Montana, aged lit years 2 months
and 10 days.
IT— Tin the settlement of claims it is very
important to have ¦ the address of Shedrick
C. Nichols. Address box 2259. Call offlce.
NIGRO — In Oakland. March 4. 1904. Fabrizo,
beloved husband of Ellen Nl_ro, and father
of Madeline Nlgro, a native of Genoa, Italy,
aged 7« years and 4 months.
C_TThe funeral will take place Monday,
March 7. at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. S59 Center street, between Seventh
and EiEhth. thence to St. Patrick's Church.
when- a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for -the repose of his soul, commenc-
' Ing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment strictly pri-
vate, in St. Mary's Cemetery. Oakland.
Please omit flowers.
NIKLAUS— In this city. Juno 28. 1DC1. Leslie
Albert Niklaus, beloved son of George and
Addie A. Niklaus, a native of San Fran-
cl.-r-o. agr-d 1 year and 9 months.
CTIn the settlement ot claims It is very
important to "have tbe address of George
Niklau!*. or Addle A. Niklaus. Address box
2260, Call office.
PEDLAR— In Napa, Cal., March 4, 1904. Mar-
garet, beloved wife of Chester C. Pedlar,
slater of Mrs. S. Anderson and Henry Jor- j
genscn and the late Andrew B. Jorgensen, !
and daughter of Mr. and Mrs. J. Jorgensen. j
a native of California,, aged 22 years 81
months and 17 days.
tt~y Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the mortuary'
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany. 2475 Mission street, near Twenty-first.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by elec-
tric • funeral car from corner of Eighteenth
and . Guerrero streets at 1 :30 o'clock.
PELLET — In Oakland. March 3, 1904, Christine
• M..' wife of Captain Albert Pelle. daughter
of C- C. Hill and the late Dorothea F. Hill,
and sister of Magnus P.. Charles 11. , Martha
M.. Annie W. and Harry C. Hill, a native !
of Oakland, aged 24 years 8 months ahd . is !
Cavt. : .-:.. ¦•¦;, .. ,
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect- I
fully Invited to attend the .funeral services
' Sunday, March «. at • 2 o'clock, at her ,
father's residence. 242 Ettle street. Inter- I
meiit~Mountain View Cemetery. Oakland. V
QUINN— In this city. March 5, 1904. Frank '
beloved husband of Elizabeth Quinn, a native
of New York, aged 43 years . C months and
19 daya.
RUSH— In ih«» city, March 1 1904, Katharint-
daughter." of Sarah E. and the late Hiram
Rush, and sister of B. F. Rush of SuUun
and Mrs. W. K. Fletcher, a native of Suisun.
• (T_f Friends and acquaintances are respect- ¦
fully Invited ~ to attend the funeral services
on Sunday, March 6, at 10 o'clock, at her i
late residence, MK) Fulton street. Interment '
private.
RYAN— In Oakland. Cal.. March 3. 1901.-
George T..' beloved son of Christina an_
• James J. Ryan, and brother of Hudson. Ada
> and Caroline Ryan, a native of Canada, aged
31 years .,1 - month and IS daya.
E^Triends and acquaintances are'respect-
- fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday); at 9:30 o'clock, from hla late- resi-
dence, . 119S" Sixty-first street, thence to St.
Columba's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass 'Will be ~ celebrated for* the reDose of
. his -soul,": commencing at 10 o'clock. Inter-.
ment St. Mary's Cemetery. Oakland.
STAMM— In this city. March 4. Helena Bertha!
Stamm,* dearly beloved daughter . of Christ
and Emma Stamm. and sister of Emma A.
and Gertrude M. Stamm. a native of C_.l-
fornia aged 9 months and 20 days.
Crservfces will be held to-day (Sunday),
at 2:15 o'clock, at the residence of the par-
ents 2020 Powell street. Cremation private.
Odd' Fellows' Cemetery.
TOWN— In this city. September 30. 1002. Mil-
dred Virginia, beloved daughter of Albert
and Mary M. Town, and sister of Albert. Ed-
ward and r.obert Town, a native of San
Francisco, aged 4 years and 12 days.
ET-In the .settlement of claims. It la ' WT
Important to have the address of Mr. Albert
Town. Address box 22bO. Call office.
WARD— At Agnews. Cal.. March 4, 1SXM.
Henry C. Ward, aged 75 years. ,-_,,_
ICTFuneral services at Pioneer Hall to-«ay
. at 1 o'clock. Interment private.
WATSON— In this city. March 5. 1904, Pe^'
W., beloved husband of Dorothea ». wa»-
son. a native of Scotland, aged 40 years 10
months and 6 days.
CrXotice of funeral hereafter.
WEAVER— March 4. 1904. J. E. Weaver,
dearly beloved son of Sarah J. Weaver, a
native of Chicago. 111., aged 2S years ¦*
months and 5 dayst
C7Frlcnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral at resi-
dence. 1140 Filbert street, Oakland, at -:Jt>
o'cltck to-day (Sunday), conducted by Oak-
land Lodge No. 1SS. F. and A. M. Remain*
will be taken to CrawfordsniUe. Ind., for in-
terment.
WISE— In this city. March 5. 1904. Caroline,
beloved wife of Gecrge H. Wise, a . native
cf London. England, aged C9 years « month*
CARD OF THANK9.
W e wish to extend our sincere thanks to
cur many friends for their klndnesw and
sympathy during our late bereavement.
GUSTAVE PETERSON and Daughter.
_MISCK_.I.AXKO.S FUR SA-E Cm.
COMPOUND Worthington duplex pump.. $525
9-in. mining pump (gravel) #1-5
250 H. P. Pelton water wheels, all com-
plete 5300
10 11. P. boiler and engine (vertical); com-
plete Sl<d
4-ln. centrifugal pump and ga* engine; com-
plct« $175
6 H. P. -oarlne steam engine (compound). $100
40 in. x 12 ft. Atlas boiler; complete: 30
H P * 180
16 H. P. locomotive fire-box boiler -*J--3
Perkins double-throw power pump; AL.sioo
100-llght dynamo; complete 9°™
7x10 Atlas engine; complete •»Jj*
»xLS Meyer cut-oft engine; complete »£W
2000-gal. cylindrical tanks -••;•¦"•••••!}:?
8 H.P. automobile engine <g_solln«). new.*l_i
ft H. P. wood-sawing outfit; complete
(moontefl) • .-..*-uu
A lot of galvanized corrugated iron, cheap.
Quite a bit of pipe left, cheap.
Anything from a common red brick to tne
real article. . . _
Our friends have opened a new ease of ham-
mers; listen to what they teU you and 1 11
make money.
I'll trade you for anything yon have no use
for. The cash if you want it.
S«e them all and then see me. A list of all
th« reputable second-hand machinery deal-
ers mailed for the askinr. .
H. S. WHITE 3-ACHY. CO- 130 Beale st.
SWELL English high trap, silxer-mounted har-
ness whip robes and beautiful horse: origin-
al cost $750; a bargain, if taken quickly;
owner desirous cf leaving city: monthly pay-
ments, or will exchange for good equity;
answer quickly. Box 2437. Call offlce.
BTEAM automobile in good condition : $300.
will Beat four persons. CHARLES ADAMS
A CO . Bay Station, Alameda: phone Ala-
nae-a C3I2.
A— FTNTE suits, $7 50; dress pants, 52 50. Origi-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors, 238 Kearny St..
. Max Bush; open to 9 p. m.. Sunday to noon.
A BUTE. «e!lB or rents gear machinery, en-
gines boiler*, water pipe, chatting, pulleys,
•tc 'WHITELAW. 258-255 Spear st.
ALTERATION esJe— Best $2 50 hats. *1 50.
Popular Price Hatter. 830 Kearny st.. near
Pine: open to 9 p. nx: Sundays to noon.
TRY oar men's shoes at $1 and $1 60 pair;
foot-fore: shoes at $2 60; w« pay express
__mrs_i.. 11 3d st.. Exam, bid.; cat-log free.
t_ra PPIr T - mnA °P? flne w - 11 P^P* 1 "! samples
mailed; painting, tinting, papering. M. MER-
XOA>'. 1302 Webrter. Tel. Jackson 1321.
BET A 7 -t* chicks for sale. 10c each; always on
¦ band. 3993 23d St.. oor. Noe. or inquire at
grocery.
BARGAINS in fine diamonds and watches;
payments. P. V. GAVIN. 603 Hay-
warfl bldg. m |
TOJt sale — Old tnahcrany bookcase and writing J
desk. Inquire 32S6 Sacramento 8t. |
SOMETHING good: runts, hens and other pig- (
«ona. Glenmore Pigeon Loft. Elmhurst. ;
fOR siis— Thoroughbred roalteee cat; male, j
Apply East Oakland Cat Farm.
FOR sale — Great Dane young dog. Bex 2294, i
Call office.
NO. 7 cooking etove, large oven, eplendid
baker; good as new; $12 50. 6S8 Valencia Et.
LiArilE? — A pair cf fine loose diamonds for ;
tale at 940 Howard «t.: Monday onl>\ |
FOR sale — Oil barrel?, drums and tanks. GEO. j
PARTRIDGE & t-~O-. 123 California ft. !
, ____ . . j
CASH register wanted. Box 22. 100S Market.
BABY buggy, rubber tired, for sale, cheap.
2731 Bryant «. I
FOR tale— One mule at ROBERTS'. 1615 j
Market st. " j
FIVE steam automobiles, first-class running j
order. W. V.. 5:10 Lyon et. ;
A NO. 1 family cow. Apply 1423 Bay rt.. |
AlameoX j
NATIONAL cash register, good as new; cheap, i
RO1 Turk Ft.
PERSONALS— Continued. j
Al SUITS to order at $1 weekly. We have
ccntracts with leading houses to take all
their short ends, called remnants. We make
you a fine suit on installments cheaper than
others do for cash. LEON LEMOS, merchant
tailor. 1127 Market st.. bet. 7th and 8th..
! GRADUATES of New York School of Massage '
: Osteopathy: vapor and electric baths; face ,
vibrating machine for rheumatism; genuine
tubs, hot and cold water; trained nurses a*
attendants. Prof, and Mrs. Morris. 400 Geary.
THE £tar Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves its prowth. stops falllng.cures dandruff
and Itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp;at druggists', hairdressers" : ac- :
rept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 133SPolk
ALL that wish to be beautiful . call at 330
Putter et.; free facial treatments; pure and
j-armless; all next week; by the great Dr.
Hawes, lato from the Harum of Egypt;
hours 1 to 4 p. m. .
WILL a certain officer of tbe U. 8. N. C. j
Saturn who appeared in full dress uniform '
at a certain residence last nl_ht kindly j
s^nd hla rhoto to the underslgnrd. LILLY.
ADVERTISING WORLD. Columbus. Ohio a '
monthly Journal of information, plans, sug-
gestions and ideas for advertising. Send to-
cay fo free sample, or 10c for 4 months' tria«.
THE infallible system; the only copyrighted
successful method of keeping ahead of the
p a i C^ ; s, g^o 8 f gg^g^ "• Soldon » b r;
Cancerous lumps, sores, impure blood (affecting
'£.".' _ mouth > bones, etc.), speedily cured by .
skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central '
Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave. Worst cases cured. ¦
A WOMAN'S friend; destitute free; secluded
home during confinement; housekeeping
C?T. m . <l . !n cont "'etlon if desired. MRS. DR.
LMIL1E FUNKE. 141C Eighth st. Alameda.
SOCIAL dances Wed.. Thurs., Sat. and Sun"- !
classes Mondays. Fridays. Louise Foster's ;
School of Dancing. 1556 Market, nr. Larkln.
M ;^ • r * A v?K A ?f lIS - the Bk 'n specialist, shows j
the work that is the important item to persons I
contemplating facial treatment. 781 O'Farrell. :
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drug dls-
eaeen positively cured by Willow Bark Co 1
la«3 Waller; consultation free;, call or write, j
HA » I !,* rcwn rray re^ored: pimples, wrinkles. :
?i.. b^ em i-l hes reraoved: shampooing specialty. !
MME. aOUME. 231 Post, parlors 13 and 14. I
AT less than cost, uncalled for suits, overcoats
«n<1 trousers at CHAFIT-SS LYONS'. London i
Tailor. 721 Market ft.
MISS P. ROE.MER can hoar 'of an old time
friend by addressing PAUL, box 2464, Call.
MY Dear Louise: For Snoop's 6ake write; '
he is sick: otherwise p_j>ers will be served. :
LEANORE V. B.— Please come home quick;
mamma very sick. 1
PROF. C. F. PMITH, masseur: treatments \
dally; indigestion specialty. 758 Larkin st.
CHIC books, photo novelties, etc.; list sealed. !
fc-r stamp. D. STANTON. Carbondale. Pa. j
GET your gents', ladles' "and children's fur- I
nishings at P. FELIZ'S, 352 Third st.
FRENCH ma*saire In exchange for English '¦
teggons. Dox 4519. Call offlce. j
GOLDEN GATE.300— Cor. :laundry,barN»r t hop.
cigars, tobaccos. newsi>aperg. ¦ suit* cleaned.
SUITS to order on installments of $1 per week
_NEUHAUS & CO. (Inc.). tailors. 729 Market.
FANCY embroidery work done by Swiss lady
Ortei-n taken at 1309 Stockton ft.
LIQUOR habit cured In two days or no charge.
ACME LIQUOR CURE CO.. 997 Market st?
Aetlna restores lost eyesight ;cures deaf nes* and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO.. 3521 19th. nr. Valencia.
MRS. Eatrn. electric needle specialist. 369 Sut-
1 ter. r. f.09. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, room 38.
Bon Marche Pants Co.: special J5 pants to or-
der. Room* 14 fc 16, 40 Ellis. Tel. Drumm 44.
M A SQ UERADE costumes, play books wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
nOQMs FOK HOCSEKE-PnC Cow. I
MODEL House. 1206 Stockton St.— New furn.:
hskpg. rm. $5-12 mo:; phone, baths, gas; sun.
OCTAVIA, 1250, cor. O'Farrell— Elegantly fur-
nished hskpg. suite; gas and coal range.
O'FARRELL. 776— Unfurnished, sunny, light
double front parlors;- also furnished rooms;
reasonable. ¦• ¦ - ¦ !
SIXTH ave., 760. nr. Chutes — To let. 3 unfur.
rooma for hpkg.: Just off G. G. Park; $10 |
month; furn. rooms for 1 or 2 gentlemen. j
STERLING Apartments, Haj-es. bet. Flllmore j
and Stelner: finest In city;. 4 rooms, bath: |
Just finished: open Sunday: water; garbage; i
Janitor. service free. . - |
STOCKTON, 41 and 45—2 connecting rooms,
complete; running water; gas stove; $4 50 wk.
SUTTER. 1618— From 2 to 6 sunny unfurnished
connecting rooms; running water. ---.'-
THIRD, 308 — Two sunny front rooms, $12;
suite of 3.. $16; another. $8. - " *
UNFURNISHF.D- parlor flat: four large rooms;
regular kitchen: sunny; every convenience;
best neighborhood; $40; suitable- for large
family:, yard; laundry. Box 2301. Call.
VALENCIA. 822— Two or three sunny furnished
housekeeping rooms. . ¦¦'-¦¦ - ' .
VAN NESS ave.. . 706 — 2 sunny front room*.
$_5; also 3 ba«emenf rooms, complete; reason-
able. " ' ¦ . . ¦' ' -'
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
1«5 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
A PABTMEg^^gOTJSXa^^
A— CORDOVA APARTMENTS
Will be finished March 15. ¦
NORTHEAST CORNER SUTTER AND
LARKIN STS.
Beautifully light and sunny; 2-3-4 rooms and
bath each; all unfurnished; $30 to $45.
Make r8seryatlons now. • ' •
COME to Haddon Hall if you destre beauty and
elegance combined with reasonable charges.
951 Eddy St., near Franklin." -
THE LUNGER. 445 Octavla. cor. Hayes— Just '!
completed: tunny; modern 3-rm. apartments; ]
elegantly furnished; electric lights: private j
baths; $40 up; refs.; also doctor's offices. '' {
ST. CECILE. 115 Fell, above Van' Ness^-The. I
acme of perfection in elegantly furn,*3rroom !
apartments; private baths, steam heat, elec- j
trie light*, elevato*. gas ranges: $30 to $55.
St. AnJre, 1230 Pine — New management, superb '
aptmt? -.strictly first-class; steam heat: electrlo j
lljfhts;priv. ;phone:elev. ;t to 5 rms.. with prlv.
bath: furn. or unfurn. MRS. XV. WEIR. prop.
STV LOUIS. 1575 Jackson st.— Modern 3-4-3
ruomi>. also single;. furnished or unfurnished;
marine view; now open; references.
IROQUOIS Apartments. 510 Ellis, nr. Leaven-
worth;- 2. 3 and 4 rms.: open for Inspection.
" HADDON~HALL. T
051 EDDY • ST. REFERENCES.
WANTED — A well furnished apartment of 8
rooms; must have all modern conveniences.
Box 2946. Call offlce. ¦
A 3. ROOM apartment wanted, furnished. Ad-
dress box 2992. ' Call offlce. :
~— — — —————— i i __¦_______—_——— ,
BOOMS "^^J^E^E^Z!^^^LJl^^^%
A— THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
116 AND 117 EDDY ST.
115 AND 117 EDDY ST.
MOST MODERN AND UP TO DATE HO-
TEL DOWNTOWN: 150 ROOMS: 35 SUITS
WITH PRIVATE BATH; ELECTRIC
LIGHTS: . STEAM HEATED THROUGH-
OUT; TELEPHONE IN EVERY ROOM;
6U1TS WITH BATH. $1 60 to $2 50 PER
DAY: SINGLE ROOMS. 75c to $1: HOT
WATER DAY AND NIGHT. TELEPHONE
SOUTH 1041. «¦'.'.
ASHWORTH HOTEL,
320 Mason St.. txt. Geary and O'Farrell.
Rooms with or without private bath.
ftOOMS TO ¦ LET- .Fnrn. and Unfarn.
MONTGOMERY, 105Kr-Sunny front suite; also
alnzle rooms. . - -v. ........... - v . .,
NOE.' 156-^-For a gentleman.' a newly furnl-h-
. ed back parlor as bedroom; use of front
parlor; to be seen before 9 a.' m. or aft«r 4
p. m.; references'; cheap.-.. '. •"- ' ¦'.
PAGE. 114— Furnished room for. gentleman in
private family. . - ; - .:..,¦ ¦ .• -¦ - -•• ' ." .
PERRY, 21— One furnUhed front room; prl-
•vate family; for . gentleman. *
PERRY, 22\$, near 3d— Well " furnished sunny
froyt single room In private family: rent $5.
PINE, 1829— Large living room; regular
- kitchen ; sunny ; yard ; private residence; $20.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellts— Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms per night. 35c to fl 60; week. $2
to $8; month. IS to $30; elevator on ground
floor: rooms with hot and cold water;. baths.
SEVENTH. 145— Room suitable for one or two
gentleman; reasonable. ' •. . ' '- If* ,
STOCKTON, 41 and 45— Nicely furnished sun-
ny suite; also single rooms; $1 50 to $8 week.
SOUTH PARK, 131— To let, sunny -room for
single gantleman.' '• -'• ¦ ¦ . , • •
SUTTER, • 406-^-A bay-window unfurnished
sunny suite for gentlemen. - '
SUTTER.- 622— Front suite; pri.^ bath; single
nioms; hot and cold water; terms reasonable.
SUNNY room to let. Box 2443. . Call. ,
TAYLOR. 234— Nicely '''furnished rooms; rea-
sonable. .• - . . . — . • ; - • .
TAYLOR. 024, comer Sutter— Newly furnished
_sunny_front rooms; reasonable.
TAYLOR. 1311 — Large sunny furnished rooms;
desirable location: walking distance; dinners.
TEHAMA, 326 — Nice'.' sunny furnUhed front
room: bay, window: use -of bath and tele-
phone: rent reasonable.
THE ALDmE."404 Turk— Nice room for gen-
tleman, 99. ;.,l . ;._ " , , -
THIRD, 308— Rooms. 25c- 50c. 75c and $1 per
night; 81 to $4 week; nice, quiet; bath. ...
TO let— A furnished room. Apply 667 Bryant
street. , ...
TURK, Slfi—Large J and small single rooms
for srentlcmen of good standing.
TWENTY-FOURTHr316^-Furnlshed"room to
let. , , . ,»,-;.-. ' ¦ ". .*?-..
TT\'ENTY- SIXTH. 2367— $B; furnished room
for ge_tleman-ln Mission .warm belt. :
UNITED STATF.6. 123 Eddy, near Market-400
rooms. 38e to |l night. $178 to $« week; elec-
tric lights (no gas). . running water in every
room: .elevator. read. -room; free bus; baggage.
VALLEJO, 1251— Front bay window room In
new flat; gas and bath;; $0.
VAN NESS ave.;.°320 — Bay.-window room; run-
nlng water; gentleman ; $12.
VAN NESS ave.; 619-^Elegant front parlors and
adjoining suite for offlce or club. ;
VAN WINKEL. 207 Jones— Nicely furnished
rooms. |2 ; sunny . suites. $5 .per week; baths.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d st..' near Marktt^
Most convenient and respectable: 700 room*;
SSc to $1 SO night; $2 to. $8 week: elevator:
elec. lights: reading-room: free bus: baggage.
WOOLSEY. 2022. South Berkeley— Sunny fur-'
nlsnc- rooms; 30 minutes from San Franc sco_
WOLF House. 202 Sixth — Electric light in every
room; 15c to $1 a night; 73c to $5 a' week;
open- all night; convenient tn all cars.
2 OR 3 sunny front rooms unfurnished; also
one furnished bedroom suitable for twoitupe
- of < bath and gas; splendid- location; walking
distance. Box 4508, Call offlce.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1003 Market b_. ooposlte Fifth.
On«nunt11 11 p. m.- • . . • ¦;
ROOMS ASfD HOARD.
SEWI?TG^ATOiyiBS AKP SUFP-»g»
WE shall close cut at once a lot of shopworn
machines at from $20 to $30 each; they are of
our own make," practically • new. -prices are
¦ less than half." White Sewing Machine Co.;
call at 300 Post st. or 1841 Flllmore st.
DOMESTIC— The machine for family use;
best .Is cheapest: second-hand all makes at
any price; all. kinds rented lowest rates.
Domestic offlce. .1021 Market, near Sixth.
NEW HOME — See our new triple-feed ma-
chines: slightly used: $10. $15. $20; second-
hand. $V*5.:$8: all styles: guaranteed.- New
Home. Sewing Machine Co.. 1051 Market it.
NEW-STYLE Singer. -Domestic. White. New
Home' and -Automatic: cheap. 1015 Mission.
¦_jTOn a *: f. 'Ami i. \v\nRHi)P<H.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.. furnltureT
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard St.. nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. of-
_flce Post and Powell st».; tel. Prlv. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. : 333 Golden Gate ave.; Phone East 126.
GOLDEN West Storage r advances made. S40
Mission st. ; tel. Howard 941. j F. XV. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. . 2320 Flllmore St.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Von and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
St.; tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates. •
STtiTTERJ,\O **P s> f % MME~tlN«a"
MELBOURNE School. Van Nes»-Market— Cure
In every case; individual teaching:- no medi-
cine. Inquire into wonderful cures; home cure.
, MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday; ... -
Hugo Vlttel. 37, 1401 Union street, and Lena
J. D. L. Fett, ; 25T, 1401 Union: ;
Humphrey .E. Odium, 45, city, and Carrie^
Beer, 40. city. V • - • •.
Arthur Crane. 29, 119 Third street, and
Janet -Boucher, 27, -San Jose. ...
Ernest E. Ellis. 34, Atlanta. Ga., and Mar-
garet .M. Morrison; 20, • Tacoma. Wash. . •
Johno Fletcher. 28/ 1324 California street,
and Flora M. C^iambers; 23,-1441 Sacramento.
Hugh J/ Doherty, 22. 161 Linden avenue,
andtLlllie' M.'Butske. 23. 161 Linden.
• . Frederick A. -Harrington. ¦ 27, Point Reyes, :
and Edna M. Hunter. 25, Eureka.
Willie H. Eddy. 26. 117 Sixth street, and
Stella Smith, 20, 262 Gdilen Gate avenue.
Patrick H.Markey, 35. Droderick, and Mary
E.- Johnson. 40." Broderiek.
Carl J." Dahlqulit, 27. 328 Drumm street, and
Belinda. A. Bencen. 23, 310'Plxley avenue.
John Herbert, 37, 05 Jackson street, and
Nellie Freita*, 17, 65 Jackson. .
Martin N. Mason, 47, 411 Keamy street, and
Frances McCIellan, ¦ 23, city. ,
Henry W. Schultx, "40. 602 Fourteenth street, '¦
and Anna M: Bush." 35, 1102 Fourteenth.
¦ Jule* Robial, 27. 675 -13ush street, and De-
»Iree Huillet, 27. 075 Bush.
George W. Skinner, • Nome, and Lultine M.
Riddel]., city.-
EARTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted." They must be handed
in at either of the publication of flees and.be ,
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sens authorized- to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
ot the event are published once in this column
free of charge. '
BORN*.
ANDERSON— In this city. February 10. 1904.
to the wife of R. K. Anderson, a daughter.
BARBER— In Mill Valley. Cal., February 2S.
1904. to the wife of B. H. Barber, a son.
COHN— In this city. March 3. 1904, to the
wife of Gnte M. Cohn, a «on.
GILL— In this city, March 1. 1004, to the wife
of. S. A. Gill, a daughter.
KANE— In .Mountain View, Cal.. February 23,
1004, to the wife of James J. Kane, a son.
KOHLER— In this city, February 21. 1904. to
MOTOR cycle for sil?; gocd as new; ?9U. 171_
Fell st.
A FINE diamond ring at a sacrifice. 10 Sixth
Etreet.
Encycl-jpedia Britar.r.ica; Scribner edition; half
morocco. King's Old Bockstore, 61 McAllister.
GASOLINE w.pines bought, sold, exchanged,
repaired. Fj-kes-Cor^cn Co., 254 Beale st.
FOR sale — Piano, mu*le box. organ, buggy, har-
ness and hay cutter. 422 Orange St., Oakland.
EAFES and cash reRlsters. new and seconJ-
. hand. I. FHEUMAN, 1£» Market st.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
MCCARTHY CO.. 7S2 Mission; lei. Bueh 467.
MILES of pipe and fitting?: all eizes. Eo-
GE.VE RILEY _ SONS. 1C9 Vallejo st.
SOME good eecor.d-hand jrasollne engines, 1 to
12 h. p.. the? p. _. B. Beck & Co., 122 Mkt.
ELOT machines cheap; Chlcagoes, Twentieth
Tenturles. I'ucks. BACIGALUPI. 933 Market.
DESKS and saf^s: e-e the complete line at 1S16
Market, eb. Van Ness. RICHARDSON BROS.
SAFES- Nt-w and M>eon<l-hand. THE HER-
. MA.VX SAFE CO.. 307 Battery St.
JIOVIXO pictures, magic lanterns, eale. rental;
barpalr.n. Hullard & Breck, 131 Post st.
EAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
_ Co., 12_ Market st.
GASOLINE er.ginef. automobiles and launches;
al! fcitfsp. J. E. IK5AK. 4fi Fremont Bt.
ASK for prlo»>£ on seeor.d-han'd tvpewrlters: all
aali^. ALEXANDER. & CO.. IIP Montg'y.
miso:li.axeoi:s waxts.
WANTED — Second-hand gasoline automobile
in first -class condition; state year of make
and lenrth of tir.»e used. Box 2321*. Call.
WANTED — A good lamp or patent lighting
device suitable for large dining-room of
country resort. A. ASTORG. 10s Fifth Bt.
WANTED— Light express wagon and horse;
must be reasonable ami en easy terms. Call
to-day, 9 to 12, 35(W Twenty-fourth st.
WANTED — A Usm for camuine; must be
oound; state lowest iirict. Addr:cs box 21,
lOUfc Market St.
WANTED — To buy a Job lot of stationery and
schcol FUpiilies; mubt be cheap. Box 2440,
Call office.
I PAT highest price* for all kinds of cast-off
clothing; send postal. MORRIS. 943 Folsom.
BOOKS ana llbrarie* bought. H. C HOLMES.
1149 M-rket St.; phone Jessie 3741, or postal.
T1LTON wants Rood second-hand clothing and
theatrical pop'is. 154 1'th fit. : tel. Jessie 2S51.
MUSICAL. IXSTKIJMEXTS.
BARGAINS IN FKCOND-HAND PIANOS AS
FOLLOWS:
Two Steinway. one <."hick«-rlnK, one Purlins.
one Haines Bro*-.. two Pteck. one Steinway
Brand and one Steck grand: also many other
pianos from $75 up and square pianos from $10
up, all fully guaranteed.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON*. 16 O'Farreli st.
A CLEARANCE tale of upright pianos from
$50 up; grfateFt bargains ever offered in Pan
Francisco; hII makes. We rent upright
pianos for £2 i- r month: new at $3 p»r
month; —II money r>_!d applies on purchaw
Heine Piano Co.. 2:15-237 Geary et. Oakland
addrefa 1ZS2 Broadway.
ONLY oiano house In the city that will rent
you a new piano for $3 prr month and allow
<J months' rent and cartage off purchase
price; eole arents for McPhail. Schiller and
other make*. SCOTr-CURTAZ. 500 Hayes.
A FEW unredeemed storage pianos <aleo furni-
ture) will be eold to pay storage dirt cheap.
WHITEHEAD'B rtorage. 1636 Market st.
SMALL pianos for small apartments; great
tone; rert or eale. BYRON MAUZY. 308
Pott -t.
JCEW tjpright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
5 ~ ients - SCHMITZ _ CO.. 16 McAllister st.
S-PEDAL Steinway up. .-Chtckering baby grand-
Ehonlngcr. little used. Keeffe's. 2S5 O* Farrel 1.
FINE $500 pisno at your own price; selling ac-
count death in family. 312 Fair Oaks st.
IF you want bargains come now; planes al-
most given away. Hornung. 216 McAllister.
A FISCHER upright piano for sale; good as
new; Sl%>. 237 Geary et.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Cedllan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-315 Post st.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
A FIXE suite and single; nicely tinted; low
rent. 36 Geary st.
TWO nice sunny bay-window suites for offices.
!«*>¦£ EUls -t. .
PART sunny furnished offlce. Room 681 Par-
rott bldg.. »-10. 4-5.
UNFURNISHED rooms and cf_ces to rent-
Apply 140 Geary st.. opp. City of Paris.
PIANO and harmony lessons given by ex-
perienced teacher, city and Oakland; method
simplified and practical. Box 4506. Call.
BAG caruets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove ru_s. silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Gea. Matthews. 7f» Fifth St.. Oakland.
PARTY transferring lady's trunk from Third
and Townsend depot to ferry depot Tuesday
notify A. n. STEWAKT. 831 Kearnjr *_
i BLj-ivitHiLui b nair _ moles removed by elec- i
trie needle Dr. and Mrs. Travers. 1170 Mkt.
! TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 50.
I Mlgfit CIctMng Parlnr. cor. Buth and Dupont.
i ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color. $1; at all druggists'.
. A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
1« paces, in wrapper, for mailing. >1 per -»ar.
j PAL-UfeTUy. — —
• MADAM DEVAS. ~~ "
| Brn^^G^g p A q7t R^° GIST - " ebes
: ELAINE BERSCH— Best card reader: reads
fortunes by tho planet cards. 2685 Missicn
ft., bet. 22A and 23d.
i MMK. NEERGARD. located at 242 Post: hours
1 to 5 dally. Phone James 1. Classes.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 313
Taylor st.. near Geary. Phone Black 561.
j PHRKXOLOGY.
] ANTHROPOGRAPHY of the four nations and
i 48 tribes that descended from Abraham; Gen. i
: 17: "I have discovered the" fixed law or seal .
: cf the intellect by which I can tell to what '
; tribe you belong; Jew. ' gentile or the lost
tribes*." Send me day and date of birth, na- |
tionality of parents, complexion, color of hair !
and eyes, photo and 50c and receive trial
tribe reading. My book, 240 pages, 41 illus- !
trationF. giving historical origin of tribes, '
: cloth S2. paper SI RO. R. BEVINGTON WEB-
BER. Dayton, Oregon.
P A JPE R H A JVC I X C. PA1XTISG.' KTC
i ROOMS papered. $4 up; tinting, painting.
Hartirann Paint Co.. 319 Third: tel.Main 413.
i
PAUTMSKS WANTED.
PARTNER wanted with $500 In established
bufinc-ss. Aoply box IOCS. Call. Oakland.
PHYSICIANS ASD SDUGEO.VS.
i DR. 'C. C. O'DONNELL^Offlce and residence^
1021% Market st.. bet 6th and 7th;.parUcu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD. ekln and rectal diseases a specialty
DR. BALL. 1073H Market at.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM, herd doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at CC7 Geary st.. near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHT. successor to Dr. Li Po
: Tal. herb doctor, cure* all diseases of human
' by use of *ierbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
! DR. M. MATSUDA has returned from Orient.
Now at SE corner Geary and Taylor sts. i
J WONG WOO, the famous herb "*d act or — All dis-
eaf-»y cured by Chinese herbs. "46-8 Clay st.
j ROOMS FOI^ HOUSEKEEPING.
! BARTLETT. 419 — 3 unfurnished attic rooms
for housekeeping; closet-room, sink.
BIRCH ave. 615 — 3 good unfurnished rooms
for housekeeping; $8. Key 642 Grove st.
. EIjDY, 523 — 2 nicely furnished rooms for
j housekeeping-. t
ELLIS. 117R— Nicely furnlsbed • connecting
rooms; bath. i»hone. etc.; no children.
! ELLIS, 1S09. near Scott — 2 large, furnished
rooms; housekeeping; gas, phone, bath; $13.
FIFTH. 34Ss — A suite of rooms, furnished for
housekeeping; rent cheap.
FOLSOM, near 24th — Three sunny rooms; part-
ly furnished or unfurnished, with bath, gas,
laundry and yard; stable. Box 2274, Call.
FOURTH. 491— Newly furnished rooms, double
or single; also housekeeping; rent reason-
. able.
FRANKLIN, 45 — Front bay-window room, $10;
single. $6; light housekeeping.
j '
! FULTON, 231 — Two furnished housekeeping
rooms; grate; gas range.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 313 — Nicely furnished
cunny room, suitable for housekeeping. -
GEARY. 1002 — Nioely furn. sunny front parlor;
single rooms: housekeeping privileges: Kas.
GOUGH, 211— Top floor; three sunny unfur-
nished rooms; gas, bath, etc. ; adults only.
GUERRERO. 104— Nicely furnished front' al-
cove room: splendid location; ' reasonable ;
references required.
HAIGHT, 224 — 3 nicely furnished rooms, bath*
for housekeeping; suitable for 2 or 3 adults.'
HAIGHT, 234, corner — Sunny . furnished
housekeeping rooms; piano.
HANDSOME suite of housekeeping rooms.
226 Guerrero st.
HOWARD, 1109—2 housekeeping rooms, suit-
able for a man and wife; rent, $16.
HOWARD, 1548 — Furnished housekeeping
rooms, bath, gas range; also single rooms. .-.
JESSIE. 323— Sunny front ! room, furnished
housekeeping, gas range, cot, water, $12.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments, 1340 Pine-
Sunny, furnished 8-room suites; steam heat-'
ed. electric lighted: free baths; rate $30 up.!
KEARNY. 215— Front rooms: newly renovat-
ed; back suite for housekeeping. . •
MARKET. 1032 — 2 housekeeping rooms, with
gas and coal stove; $12 a month.
MISSION, 2030 — Two sunny furnished rooms
and kitchen; no children; private; references.
. MISSION. 2256/ bet. Eighteenth and Nineteenth
J Front room and kitchen; Bras, cooking and
ll_ht included; ?lfi; bo children,
New addition just comDleted: entire house
newly renovated: sun in rooms all day.
AURORA, corner Second and Folaom «ts. — New
house, r.ew furniture; every -room outside;
modern and sunny; prices front $1 50 p«r
week up; this is the only up-to-date house in
this vicinity; first-class grill attached.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth st.— Rooms
2Sc to $1 p*r night. $1 26 to (5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market »t. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms. 25c. 80c. (1. $1 &0 night;
$1 50 to <1O week:- bouse open all night.
ALL newly furnished . beautiful rooms at the
Waverly rooming house, $41 O'Farreli st
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlshcd rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
CUMMINGS (The). 618 Post. nr. Taylor— Just
opened; desirably located: sunny, single rootas
and suites, with private baths, hot and cold
water, steam heat, electric lights, phone every
room: elevator. Phone East 1317 if desired.
i CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prlcos reasonable.
EDDY.- 722— -Sunny rooms for rent; rent rea-
sonable, f
EDDY. 9$4 — A few nicely furnished sunny
rms.; reasonable; private fam.; tel.Hyde 4064.
EIGHTEENTH, 4068— Front furnished room to
let.
ELLIS. 047 A — A suite of newly furnished
rooms; gas, bath; no children; private family.
ELEVENTH. 106— Single furnished room, with
or without . housekeeping.
FELL. 252— Well furnished sunny bedroom for
gentleman only; private family.
FERN HALL. 812 Bush— Elegantly fum. rom»;
all sunny; terms reasonable; references. '
FOR eincle gentleman. In private .torn* (no
other roomers), a Urea sunny furnished
room, with bath adjoining; 4 blocks from
• park entrance. and 3 blocks from panhandle.
Address Box 2624. Call office.
FOURTEENTH, 8— To let. room suitable for
two men. . .
FRANKLIN. 2O>4 — Two sunny furnished
rooms; reasonable.
FRANKLIN, 317 — Furnished front room for 1
or 2 cents; modern; very reasonable.
FRANKLIN. 721. nr. Golden Gate ave.— 8unny
furnished front room; all conveniences, $8.
FULTON. '31— Nice, large, sunny room to let
for two gentlemen.
FI'LTON. 1012-^-Two newly furnished rooms;
GEARY. 675— Two newly furnished roomsTN
large front room, every convenience, suitable
for one or two gentlemen, $18; also back
room, suitable for two, , $12.
GEARY. 860— Sunny rooms; pleasant home for
gentlemen: Private family. - ': .
GEARY. H30, near Larkln— For - rent— sunny
front room for a gentleman; easy walking
distance from business center, but good resi-
dence location.
GEARY. 1044— Nice sunny front, room with
large closet, suitable for one, $8; also house-
keeping rooma; running water; private family.
GOUGH. 1309— Su\fiy front room to ' gentle-
man; also side room: rent reasonable.-
GRA £ D «« So . ut . hern : I 1 -? and Mission— Rooms 85o
to $1 25 night: II 80 to $6 wk.; reading-room.
GRANT ave.,7— Nicely furnished front suite"
also single rooms; $2 50 to $7 week.
HARRISON. 1114— To let. 2 nicely furnished
rooms, bath; private family. '.
HAWTHORNE. 1.19. between Folsora and Har-
rison — funny front parlor: line view; suitable
for -man and wife or couple; walking dls-
tance; $18; $15 to steady tenant; others.
HOWARD. 640— Large sunny front room, suit-
able for two; respectable people wanted- $9
month. •¦ , . . ,
HOWARD. 1530%— Lovely sunny parlor for-1
or 2 gentlemen; bath and gas.
HOWARD. 1312— Sunny furnished room to let
HOWARD. 1811— Sunny front room for gentle,
man; furnished; private house; call '9 to 3
Sunday. . . . . , , ~ .
HYDE. 810. near Sutter — Large furnished
room; rent f 9.- • '..-..
JESSIE. 363, . east . of U. B. Mint— FurnlsUed
front room: $7 per month." - - '. • ¦
LARCHMONT. , 361 Sutter— Nicely furnished
sunny suite with private bsfth; also single.
LARGE, sunny room, with or without : board •
• suitable' for man and- wife. 'or two gentle-
men. ' Apply 2306 Howard st.' . :. :
LARKIN, 804— Sunny ? back room for 1 or 2
gentlemen: $6 60, per. month."- ¦ .--..
¦ i
LARKIN, lOSO— Nice room, suitable for gentle- ¦
man;- rent $10 per month. ,•¦.-.' \ -. ;
MASON." 213 M— Outside rooms,' $2 per week ''¦
up; clean, quiet place. ;.- ¦; -;^ ..¦ -.>.;¦¦ : .. j
MASON. '-¦ 1627.' near ¦ Broadway — Sunny, fur- I
nlshed rooms. '.-' ; . . -
McALLISTpR. 707 — Large front room; $8.
MISSION. : 837 A— Furnished rooms by the day
week-or month; prices' reasonable.- - - '
MISSION. 025%— Nicely furnished sunny ' sln-
_gle and : double front- rooms ; - quiet ¦ house.
MISSION, •'• l__J7b^_UhTh^_nd~N7nth^$5 T per
month; single, -nicely- furnished room.:. ;-,:..
BRANNAN. 330 — Sunny front room; gas, fire-
place, bath, large closet and good board:
suitable for one or. two gentlemen; also two
other pelasant rooms, 120 per month; quiet
neighborhood. . ¦
FURNISHED suite or single rooms in a refined
family for two or three gentlemen, where
there are no other roomers; breakfast, if de-
sired; references requited: location. Van Ness
ave. and Green st. Box 4520, Call office.
— — — -—•¦ HOTEL HATTON
977 Pine, near -Taylor; elegantly furnished
suites; private baths; all modern conven-
iences ; excellent table. - - ¦ ¦ ¦
HOTEL BALTIMORE.
1015 VAN NESS AVE.. NEAR GEARY ST.
SELECT AND FIRST CLABS.
PHONE i PRIVATE EXCHANGE 706.
EARLCOURT. " .
1011 PINE ST.— A BEAUTIFtTL SMALL
HOTEL; JUST OPENING; EVERYTHING
NEW AND ELEGANT. APPLY AT ONCE.
ATHEHTON (The). 1CC1 Octavla, near Sutter—
Large, nunny, airy suites and'slngle rooms;
beautiful lawn; excellent board; reas. 1 rates.
HAWTHORNE, 18. off Howard St.. near Third
— Front room, with board, in private Ameri-
can-family; 34 60 per week. . • ¦• ¦ "
BEAUTIFUL sunny front room, with board,
for two; private. -226 Guerrero st.
HOTEL ELSMERE. 418 Sutter— Sunny rooms;
excellent table; from $40; single $23.
VAN. NESS ave.. 1714 — Elegantly furnished
suites, wltn'baths: also' Mnsle; homelike.' '
ROOMS' let with board and comforts, of a
home;, reduction to students.' 570 Harrison.
Stevenson mansion. S07 California— Fine rooms;
new.. chefs; colored service: table specialty.
THIRTEENTH, 2S3— -Rooms and board for two
working: men or girls. .
ROOMS ASU IIOAHI) WAHTBD.
WANTED — Board and rooms for husband and
wife in -a private family • in the - country,
close to city,' on car line; small country
home preferred, where they have their own
fruit orchard, chickens, cows, etc. ; state ac-
• commodatlons and rates.- Box •29.19. • Call; ¦
WANTED — Two nicely furnished rooms, mod-
ern, with good board. In a private family,
for a man and wife. Address box 2993. Call..
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED — A centrally located suite of sunny
rooms. wit»» or without board. I Address,"
Riving particulars and price, i DR. ED-
WARDS, Occidental Hotel.
MOTHER and daurhter would like one or. two
sunny unfurnished housekeeping rooms with
gas;. Protestant family preferred. Box 2270,
" Cull Offlce. «-: •¦'.-;¦¦ - . ; . :
WANTED^-Flat or. room*, furnished or unfur-
' nlehcd: couple: reasonable; state full particu-
lars. Box 4533. Call. • ~- •- •
WANTED— Several months' accommodations
. at San Rafael, near depot, for three. Box
2312, Call office. > < .«
FOUR unfurnifchnd rooms;, north of Market *t.;
must be sunny; rent $18. .Box 2W7. Call.
STEADY couple wants, housekeeping' rooms;
walking distance; reasonable. Box 2T.0K.ChII.
LADY- pianist and teacher will^ exchange r ser-
vlces for pleasant home... Box 4504, Call.-
THREE rooms for light housekeeping, north of
Market st. B. S.. box 220B. Call offlce. ¦ '
8PKCIAL KUTICKS.^ '
Ladles'. Chjchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are best; safe, reliable; take no other. 'Send 4c
stamps for particulars. "Relief ' for Ladies"
in letter by return mall. Auk your drugglst.'
Chlchester Chemical Co., Philadelphia, Pa.
THE ."Normandln" machine for making hoi-,
low cement concrete blocks. H. L.' LOVE.
640 Market st. ..'¦¦"-. , : v
LADIKS.-nend you address to 1126 Market St..
8. F.;' valuable .'information: room 2. "" «;
___''_ SPBClAJ-IlTa... ' ' -¦¦-¦ ..-
CATARRH, DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new methods;l week's treat-
" ment free. , Dr: Nottingham. 204 Sutter st.. ¦
v -TYPRWRITEHU' AXD^ SDyPLlEa.'
AN 'exceptionally good No. 2 Remington; « No: 1 .
Smith . Premier. $28;, - other- typewriters ¦ • at ¦
higher and lower prices;- rentals $2 80: -.The •
. Typewriter Exchange, B36 California st. .-;.. j
A FEW good '¦ typewriters at |30 each ;' get par- 1
tlculars of L. _ M/ ALEXANDER." 110 Mont- :
¦" gomery st. *¦ ¦ ¦ ¦¦ -¦ .¦ ¦¦ f . .-.-.¦• •¦¦.'.;
2D-HAND typewriters - «old. rented, repaired. :
Webster Typewriter Inspec. 'Co.; 808 Market. ,
; ..DIVIDEMD WOTICES. : ; -. ; ;
SAN FRANCISCO and Suburban ' Home Build- j
ing Society." 4th 'floor. Mutual Savings Bank
building. > 708 r Market : St.. : opposite -Third— "¦
For the, half yearendlnr 31st of December.
1903, - a - dividend has been t declared at . the
rate per, annum v of j (12) twelve ¦ per cent on
• capital stock and participating certificates,
free of taxes, payable on and after SATUR-
DAY. January.2, :19O4. » JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARD. .Manager. HUGH CRAIG, Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— The GlantPowderCompany
<£° n ->— Av dividend. No., 63, of flfty> cents
- (COc) per share on the issued, capital stock of
the . company has ¦ been ¦ declared, s payable . at "
' 15* ofnee of the company.- rooms '202, -204 and I
; 206, v Hayward • building. * San '- Franciaco, , . on I
.. March ' 10.; 1904. > Transfer, books close March
.8.' 1004. at noon. C. ¦ C QUINN/ Secretary. >- •
the wife of J. G. Kohler (nee Bendlt), a
daughter.
LAMBEKT— In this city, February 24, 19<M.
to the wife of Thomas A. Lambert, a son.
LOESCH — In this city. . February 7, 1904, to
the wife of Charles Loesch, a son.
ROHDE— In Oakland. Cal.. March 4. 1004, to
the wife of E. Rohde. a son.
STEFFINS— In this city. February 13, 1904.
to the wife of, D. Stefflns. a daughter.
"WALSH— In this city. March 2. 1904, to the
wife of Timothy. P. Walsh, a son.
WESTPHAL— In this city, to the wife of Dr.
•E. • XV. Westphal, a son. v
"SVILLERS— In this city. March 3. 1004, to the
wife of John H. A. Wlllers, a (ton.
3iARRIED.
DAVIS— HARRISON— In this city, February
11.-1904. at . St. Mary's Church (Paulist).
by the Rev. Father Henry I." Stark. C. S. P..
. William J. Davis and Eda B. Harrison, both
of San Francisco.
MONTAGUE— LEADLET— In this city. Feb-
ruary 28, 11)04, by the Rev. George C.
Adams, Karle E. Montague and Mary A.
Leadley. both of ¦ this city.
. DIED.
Bowen, Mary Lawson, Arthur B. ¦
Brallch, Mary A. Lubbert, Margaret
Brooks, William F. Mattau, Louis
Bulger, Annie J. j Meehan, Abble I. -
Carlgnani, Peter Monahan, Lacklan
Cavanagh. Felix J. Nichols, May
Cornyn. Jame« Nlgro. Fabrizo
Coughlln. Margaret Niklaus, Leslie A.
Crawford. Julia J. Pedlar, Margaret • —
Fisher. Mary C. Pelle. Christine M.
Garrett, Mrs. Mary Qulnn, Frank
Geddes, Margaret Rush, Katharine
Hendrlcks, Emma Ryan. George T.
. Hyrup, Peter L-vln Stamm, Helena B.
Jones, Evan L. Town. Mildred V. ' '
Lain?, Mary B. Ward. Henry C.
I— ilto, - Annie Watson, Peter W.
Langstadter. Cecelia. Weaver, J. E."
_anzet, Samuel Wise, Caroline
BOWEN— In this city. March 5, 1804, Mary,
beloved daughter of Catherine and- the late
Timothy Bowen. and sister of- Daniel Bowen,
Mrs. D. McCarthy and Mrs. T. Kelly, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 39 years 3
months and 17 days.
D_TFrtands and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend - the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr _ Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh- and Eighth, thence -U>' th«
Church of St. Vincent de Paul, corner of
Stelner " and Green streets, for services at
.1 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BRALICH— In this city, March 4, 19O4. Mary
A... dearly beloved wife of Fred Bralich. and
¦ devoted mother of Mr». M. Friedman, r Mrs.
C. A. Glover. Mrs. . A. : . Andrews and Ethel
Brallch, a native of San Francisco, aged 47
years 8 months and 15 days. • ; _• • •
lC~FTlends and acquaintances are respect-
fullfr invited to attend the funeral to-morrosv
. (Monday), at 9 o'clock, from her late rest- I
dence.' 1537 Mason street, thence to St. Fran-
' cis Church, where a solemn requiem high
in-FS will be celebrated for the repose of
her. soul, commencing at 9;30 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy. Cross Cemetery.
BROOKS— In this clty^ March 4, 1904, ".William
F. Brook*, beloved son of Ann and. the late
William Brooks, and brother of Peter, Frank.
Joseph. Christopher and the lat« Michael
Brooke. Mrs Mary Allen and Mrs. Sarah
Murphy, . a native •• of ' New York.
|T_r Friends .and- acquaintances- are respect-
fully, invited to attend, the funeral to-morrow
"(Monday),' at. 8 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of James McOInn &" Co., 214 Eddy
street, thence to St. Joseph's Church, where
a"' requlenv mass 'will be" celebrated for the
repose of hi* soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
- : Interment Holy , Cross. Cemetery. .'
BU-GER— In "this city, March 4. 1904. Annie
. J.. dearly, beloved daughter of Michael and
Mary Bulger,- and sister of John and William
"Bulger and the late Henry. Mary and
, Thomas Bulcer, a native of San Francisco,
. aged IS ! years ! and - 7 months. ;• ; .
t_f Frle nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited tp "attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 12:30 -o'clock, from the parlors
of Cartw. & . Ensllsh. .29 Van Ness avenue,
thence -.to Sacred Heart Church for services,
commencing' at. 1 -o'clock.-. Interment Holy
: Crofs Cemetery. • ~- .' -
CABIGNANI— In the City- and County. Hos-
pital, "March 5. 1904. Peter Carlgnani, a na-
tive : of Italy, aced" S3 years. ' '
CAVAN AGH— In Oakland. Cal.; March" 4, 1904,
Felix J... beloved brother 1 , of Hugh" J.\ Cav-
| anagh, a native of New .York, aged . 40 Vears
, and 10 ¦• months. . . . :¦¦¦ . : ¦¦
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
1 fully-invited .to attend the funeral to-morrow
.(Monday) morning, at 9 o'clock, at St. Fran-
ces • de \ Sales • Church,: corner r of Grove and (
Hobart r streets. \ Oakland, where a solemn i
requiem high mans will be celebrated for the j
repose of his soul. s Interment ' at Holy Cross t
. Cemetery.' by.; electric funeral car from foot
i :_'is:::/;^':C : ALl:AaiiH i'i "w^.
(Successors' to Flannagan & Gallagher.) '
. - • - -DANIEL- P.- DONOVAN. M*r._.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth St.. epoeite Lincoln School.
' i'i ¦ ¦. - Telephone South 80. ' .-^
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
— — FuneraP Director* and 'Embalmers '
¦ •¦ 'Formerly In* Metropolitan -.Temple.
NOW at S«« MISSION. ~. Tel."- South 167.
Between- Fourth and. Fifth, -near Fifth st.
Finest Equipments at Moderate Rates.
F. > 3. Monahan. ¦ Manager. ,. ¦ Tel. Mission : 31.
mqhahan; Q-hAka & co.
FUNERAL: DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
• 2339-2341 Mission ¦ St.. . near - Nineteenth, -
¦ -"" -;>'_• S__:FrancUco.-~' ¦ . "CHICAGO. March 5.— A reflex effect of the
Ohio crop conditions report was keenly Wt at
the opening in wheat, an advance at Liver
pool beinff largely credited to the Ohio report
Th«> pit crowd here was ' quite bullish and
bo_pht freely. The ceneral demand caused
an initial advance in May of Tic to lc. opening
quotations beintr S7vic to CSc July was *£e
to *«c higher at f>2"4c to 02%c. A cablegram
frcm Odes.-a predicting a curtailment of crops
owlns to a reduction in acreage due to the
I -tar was another source of strength Thi
pnncipal trading was in the July option^
commission houses having considerable buying
orders fnr that delivery. Some of . the longs
took profits early in the day and caused a
decline to 97c, \ but shorts were active buyers
and the price for Mar quickly rallied to n$*4e.
July sold up to 03-ic. Additional realizing
occurred -oa the advance, and when rain w-i
reiicrted in Kansas and other sections of the
winter wheat belt ' the «eilin-r became quite
Virtsk. The market w*k poorly upheld and a
1 weak tone developed. May declined to liClic.
Future Grain and Provisions.
I Chicago Board of Trade. |
Exchange and Bullion.
The Doric took out for Hongkong 1 a treasure
list oC $200,102. consisting of $44,307 in Mexican
dollars, $1895 in gold coin and $153,900 in
Silver bullion.
The only change In quotations was a -light
advance in Silver.
Sterling Kxchange. sixty days — $t 84 Vi
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 S71i
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 8S«_
Xew York Exchange, eight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — I7t_
Silver, per ounce. — r>7^
Mexican Dollars, nominal ...*... — ¦ 47 u
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — The week closed with quiet mar
kets everywhere except at Chicago, which con
tinued unsettled, ,. rising from 92"«ic to 93^c,
falling back to 9lT_c and closing at »2}ie.
There was excellent buying of July, but the
pit crowd raided May.
Private wires to Mitchell, Mulcahy & Co.
said: "It looked some whet as If the interest
which supported prices yesterday w.as selling
on hard spcts. Liverpool was influenced by
the Ohio crop report and by the continued
strike in Argentina and showed a rather firm
tone. The morning's map showed do rain "in
the Southwest, although during the day slight
rains were reported, and conditions seem fa
vorable for more. There waa more conP.dcnce
in the buying and there Is a large outside hold
ing in this market. The Dally Trade Bulletin's
compilation -Of ' stocks of Wheat afloat and
from Europe and Argentina shows about
16,li00.000 bushels In excess of a year ago. ami
it is .thought that a complete statement of the
world's visible supply will show something
larger than last year. Primary receipts are
still running a large percentage over last year,
but the cash situation on .the whole is not a
healthy one. Of course, war and the winter
Wheat situation will be important factors.
With no further complications in the 'political
situation and with normal spring weather we
are inclined to thick prices are high enough
and that Wheat may be sold on the rallies."
This market continued dull, as nobody want
ed'to own any more Wheat than he could help
to-raorrcw— tax daj\ Futures were lower.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club, $1 42*_©1 4714: Califcrnl..
White Australian, $1 52H@1.57Vi: Northern
Club, $1 42*4@l *"\i: Northern Bluestem,
$1 52V_©1 57}_ per ctl.
' ¦ FUTURES." :;j v
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May ..$1 « $1 4:^i $1 43 %l 43
December '.-.'.•I 30 \ 1 30 1 3S"_ 1 3ST»
• BARLEY — Tax day (to-morrow) rendered the
market lifeless yesterday and quotations were
unchanged, with no sales of any consequence
in <?a_h grain. After to-morrow a more active
market is expected.
CASH BARLEY.
Fe*d. $1 07%@l 10; Shlppln-* and Brew
ing. $1 15®1 17*.; Chevalier, $1 17}.@1 40 for
fair to choice.
FUTURES. ;
Session 9 to 11 :30 a. m.
May— $1 07ij.
OATS — Previous quotations nil* 1 , with a dull
market for the moment, owing to the levying
of taxes to-morrow.
White.. S1-27V.C1 37%: Black. $1 25@1 55:
Red. «1 25<01 35; Gray. $1 321. per ctL j
CORN — There Is no change to report In quo
tations and the week closed on a quiet market.
Western sacked. $1 37^4<gl 40 for Yellow,
$1 371_©1 40 for White and $1 Co, tar Mixed:
California large.yellow. $1 ;:7>A@t 42^.; small
round'do. $1 50; White. $1 37%@1 40 per ctl:
Egyptian. $1 «®1 50 for. white and $1 27}_©
1 30 for brown.
RYE— $1 30C1 32»_ Per ctl. :"J, ;
BUCKWHEAT— »1 75g2 per ctl. .
> Flour -and Millstuffs.
FLQUR— California ; Family Extras. $4 SOQ
5 10.. usual; terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 70@3;
Oregon and Washington, jobbing at S3 S5©1 "3
rerbtl. -•¦•¦ _• * - ~
•MILLSTCFFS— Pricey in packages are ; as
Eastern and European Exchanges, j
A*c?r<51n-; to ?nvat* wirc^ 10 MitcheH. ilu'.- \
cahy & Co. jesierJay an Bttet-7 tc_e devclopeU
*ta!_ en t::« E_:opean bourses, tut it v*Ji
:^t»rxi^-e a«c in the air more tfcan in value?,
end v.sji .a natural depression due to
t>_s v.ar rituatlo.i. Wail «reet i?;c-.-l;s fold off
frets, 1 ic -t l»t»:nt*. b«;r« unlavorab'.y a-Tecte
fajr ae-ncra! ueari«h fa«.torf. One »u the j
VacV; s:at-rr.ent. whit-h was co::_:derr_ pjor.
t« it »r.o-»t>1 an increase in loans <f $9.70-.<0iXi |
ar.J a UccTtM* 'n circulation ci $l.O43.«w>. ]
*raji!«t ar. tncreaye In deposits at *U.»>73.t<W.
Th- £t:_at:c_ docs r.oi seem -very bearish, ho*".- 1 - i
ever. «s the banks nuw boM a. surplus or. a!l
<;«»;o«Its Rbc\e lepal requirements cf $25«.&4:i.
tiCO. _*a:n?t crtiv $0*>.»«O tt this time last
;«r and *'.DK.0C« tn l»0_. Another unfa.-
IrrSuerce w-_r a report that the i
¦preme Cc_rt would adjourn for three weks
¦» ith-^'-t r*rnd<ring a Jpcision In the North
ern S*curiUer ca*e. Hiich hang* over the
market lik* a c'.oud «t;d almost puts a step
tu *to<-k dealing. Other depressing factors
«--« bad statements of railroad earnings, a
1 hi <¦_'«•!!»¦<- strike of coal miners and evidence
»Th«l tb« wfcwat crop »tnt through the win
ter srttliaBt rfie usual scsuUSfcal moisture and
ir.surfiL-lest st>O"r prcte<-tion and got a
bad f.art as the result. The tr.arket nat
ura!!r tnll off under thefe bearish factors and
->a? dull and narrow.
THE WAR AXD MONEY. '
Possible Effect of the Former j
Upon the Latter.
H»nry <"«-ue says in his New York circular: j
"The exter.t to which the war dominates the ;
finanriti markets 13 Kurope is seen by the j
ri-cii-rouf failures in Berlin. Paris and other !
'ft.terr. due :o sr>eculatior.s based upen the!
rstatakm theory lh«,t ho*tillli«?s bel-ietn Russia I
sr.d J_pan -.ou'J be averted. Whether the !
Urattblea of th<jst arte *rr-^i tn this rf*;.ett are !
«-n_ed cr r.ct cannot be told at this time, and '¦
.1 rcmaina tu be 5 en what further develop- I
mirts will brir.-r forth. No doubt these '
tremble* ii.x« btin aggravated by large cper- |
jiti'.Tis fcr th«- fall, whi«.h precipitated s. t»m
jjorar?- -¦•i.ic cc the Paris Uourre and was not
at _li surpri?i::B in \ !*•-. ot the iia_.;n8e hold
ings t! i;j.-?'..!i bondp In France. THus far |
neither ITimli r*ur Japan has rr.avie any actual
r.iicn.^is 10 nlac* war loans on the inLerna
t;_F«I n-urk^t'-. bciii r.avir.5 thus far met in
< leased ejEjj-.THiituros from th»ir cwn resources. ]
It ¦¦ imjKjsssiDl', l.owtvor. to fe^l any certainty '
in this _vs!>ect. «ad should the war prove ot \
icrig durai;cn cr r«rjr costly cae cr both of |
tbe «in.t**tants will be obliged to tap the '
worlJ'E B_a_Mry mErk*t». Pj-udent fcreisn.bank
ens are. lh«.r*:cre. a-pwlatf|r careful about their
forr.-r4tme_its ajid are llktSy to remain so until
t!:t issue of the war s«!M more certain than
at rreser.t. This iofs r.ct tntplT any uasound
r.e*a in th% foreign financial markets, but sim-
I'lv it h. necessary preiartdness for new de
n'.ana* cr survnscs. which our own bankers also
ha\e ir. view. A good deal cf uneasiness c«r
-a:r.Iy exists regarding the situation in the
Ba!k_r.i- where Russian Intrigue en the one
bend and Turkish rr.lsrL'lc on the other have
kept thst r*rt of E-xeje in an unhappy fer
nent icr years. Any v.eaiien!nt of Russian
VO-.c r cr preetigc in tfce Far I_ast is sure- to
weaken her Influence in the Balkans, ar.d hence
«t__.ul_te European unrest: in -hcrt. the check
to Russian _.rr.b:tiT.s which must follow should
Japan succeed *.-?ll inevitably have world-wide
- «.oiis*«v.enceB. How ctrrious the disturbance
cr cer.fiagra.tica may become no one can t»ll."
Dried Fruits in Xezv York.
Late rr.all ai'vices from New York say:
"Tfcsre ha* been a marked iasproveme-it in
tte cccsurnlcg dercar.d for California goods
fagtag the past few da-s. the Indications of
•FProachir.g epring having apparently induced
distributer* to give renewed attention to the
Cil-.np out of- stocl:?. Countrj' orders, which
fcave b#tn held up to a considerable extent by
?xtreme eold a_id etorms. are cominr more
into e\-i(itnc<e again. Jobber* who have been
buying from hand to mouth have been com
pelled to come l_to the market for spot goods,
with the result that a eo_.ldera.ble Increase in
the vc!ume cf business Is to be noted, but the
character cf individual transactions indicate
that th« Jobbers are not inclined to depart from
their practice of buying goods only as wanted.
Stocks on Uj« cpot_ particularly of. Peaches
and Apricots, are cleaning up under the influ
ence of ste*.<!y consumption and light ship
ments from the coa-t. In the primary markets
c_co these two varieties are becoming very
•carce and prices are hardening. Prunes are,
ftiiJ rnovtT.g rather *!cwiy, but holder* of Santa
Clara iruit are _'.spcsed to adhere to previous
«uctatlor_i. Oregon Italians. 40-SOs and 50-60s.
are reported to be rather easy, with offerings
from the coact en the basis of 14c f. o. b
No basinets was reported In loose Rai.ins and
enly i moderate Jobbing demasd for eeeded.
There is seme lnq-_lry for the cheaper grades
ef Eul__r-a-. and »e hear ef sales cf 500 boxes
at C4c. Cun_u-ts en tee epot art not affected
by tfce rece_t decline In the price of prompt
afaJpmeni frc-a Greece, which is attributed en
tirely to tte cipher rate of exchange. '"
Bank Clearings.
I_sca- Bank Cieari_r_ dunr.g the week just
eB_e- -rere C2.S4«.7S2. against S33.rj5S €72
_urir» _r.» corretpcadi-j; week cf. l*_t j-ear
«ho-rt-ig a -ecrease cf J711.820. Tt* clear
;-g»_ for _-• «a__.e. week In 19C2 were |2«.-
Weather Report.
(lTOth J-ert-ian— Pacific Time.)
_>_*••' FRANCISCO, March &— 5 p. ra .
Tte follcwisc tr- the eeascnal rainfall* to
«at*. 4J compared with those cf earce date last
•eascr. and rainfa-Ui In Ust twenty-four hours •
I-ast This Last "
Stat-OBB — 24 hours. »eason. «ea_o n
Eureka ©.OS 4170 4** "S
R*d B!-- 1 0.12 20.52 18*44
6acr-__iento 0.14 16. gl n'\s
Sa_ Frar-cieco 0.02 13.15 -"'m
Tttstm Tr. 3.8« flics
Independence 0.00 1.0* 1 g-»
Eia LcH OKtpo 0.00 fi.es «"iy
I-ob Ancele. 0.03 z _2 _ «s
Ean P-.ego q.qq 1.03 9 ;g|
THE COAST RECORD.
! si $1 if **- 1
rr.TTOT.-s. * 1 1 1 1 H \~ J
aJS,"-.".-.-.S:S £tj& a, if
gsgrnsx „ « i sss I
Po;-tc!lo ....30.19 42 2S SE S T?
In&peadeac* .TO.O4 «4 40 n CteSy 00
Los Anceles.._».f.» 7% 52 W oSSI
iItTamaIpais._0.l2 54 CS NE n^ln *?-
North Read 4S 4« NW R! _ 't\
Poist Reyes.. So. OS 50 49 Xff f^^v 'fl?
a- I**.....*.* 72 » ,NW ciear^ % >
LOCAL MARKETS.
NEW TORK. March 5— Close: Money on
call was nominal: no loans.
Time loana were eteady; sixty days. 3 per
cnt; ninety days. 3*i per cent; six months,
U*,4j4 p«r cent.
Prime mercantile paper — 1'.©5 per cent.
Sterling exchange — Was steady, with actual
business at $4.?!Jt5f?4.S67O for demand and at
$4.S3SJ&4.S3S5 for sixty days.
Posted ratfs — M S4»- and $4 S7*_.
Comn-.#rcial bills— $4 S:5@4 S3H-
Bir silver — 07SC.
Mexican dollar* — 45c.
Bonds — Governm»nt?, irregular; railroad?,
heavy-
Xew York Stocks and Bonds.
NEW" YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks — Sales. Hich. Low. Close.
Auh'.eon 6,SuO C5ig «5's «.">
Atchlson pfd -t)O 8« g» >>8»_
Baltimore & Ohio.. 3.7U<> 75S ~*% 74H
Ka.lt & Ohio pfd... 1W» 88li 1 -* SS
Canadian I*aclfic. . . _flW HOT, lU'S H0',_
Central of N J 153
Chetap & Ohio 100 20*i 2t»H 2l>».
Chi k Alton 500 39*. 3*"i 39> t
Chi & Alton pfd... 100 82 82 SIHt
Chi & G Western 14>>
Ch. & Northwestn. 400 163 HE'i 1V2
Chi Mil & St Paul. 7.700 139!* 13S% 1SS 1 ,
Chi Mi! & St P pfd 172
Chi Terminal & T «H
Chi Term & T pfj 20' 3
C C C & St Louis 7«
Colo Southerr 200 17 18 T £ 16*4
Colo South 1st pfd. 300 85 55 55
Colo South 24 pfd . T4
Dtl & Hudson 500 155 1 . 155 154
D«I Lack A West 2HO
Denver <_ Rio G... 1S'4
Denver -t R G pfd. 100 e5»i «»i «5?i
Erie 2.700 23H 22% •£>%
Erie l*t pfd WO »J_», 62*4 «2»»
EtIa 2d pfd 200 3S% 3S 1 -* ."S'-i
Hiking Va'.ley 724
Hcckins Val pfd 7S
Illinois Central ... 700 127 J26U 126'i
Iowa Central 13
lewa Central pfd ' 34
K. C Southern 17?i
K C Southern pfd :e
i>i.i« & x«h : 5<v> irw 1024 102'i
M&nhatian I- 600 143H 143 143
Mttrcpol Securities ' >>0
Metropolitan St Ry 200 114 114 113»i
Mir.n -t St Loui- 58
. M St P & S Ste M. 500 62 61 «>«.
M EtP&S Ste M pfd 117
Missouri Pacinc ... 4.4nO 8S% 87«4 CTJ.
Mo Kan 4: Texas.. S«JO 15's 15Vs 1j
Mo Kan * T pfd J5 s i
Nt R R of Mex pfd .T5«.
N Y Central 2,100 114«i 113*4 113**
Northern Securities S7*»
Norfolk & Western * 200 56 55 s -* M»4
Ncrfolk & W pfd 85
Ontario 4. Weftern 400 20 H 20 10 ! i
Pci.nsylvanla 21,800 113^ 112*4 H2"i
Pitt- C C &. St L 65
Reading ... 3.600 41>i 404 404
Reading 1-t pfd 75
Reading 2d pfd S6
Rock Island Co 5,600 2O»* lD^j rO
Rock Island Co pfd 700 6OU 6O 6O
Ft L -t S F 2d pfd. 100 42 42 41
Ft Louis Southwest 13*.
St Louis S W rfd COU
Scuthern Pacinc .. 4.300 444 43U 43U
Southern Railway.. 1C0 19 15", ' ]8»i
Po-ithern Ry pfd 7t>'i
Texas & Pacific 22^,
Tol Pt Louis & TV :«>_
To; St L -fc W pfd 33
Unlcn Pacific S.StlO 744 73S 73*i
Unicn Pacific pfd S8K
Wabash 174
Wabash pfd 200 S3*, 33V4 3314
W _c Lalce Erie 15
Wliconsln Central 1%
Wisconsin Cen pfd. ..... .... .... 40
Express Companies —
Adams 220
American 185
United States 103
Wells-Farg* 205
Miscellaneous —
Am&lgam *lovt#r. . 7,700 46*4 4">""i 45*4
Amer Car t F 300 2rt 194 10
Amer Car * F pfd. 200 CO** 604 «»4
Amer Cot Oil 294
Amer Cct Oil pfd SS '
! Amer Ice 7 a 4
Arcer Ice rfd 400 31 30% 004
Am-r Lin Oil 9
Arrcr Un Oil iifd 27
Amer Locomotive.. 3,100 23 22t< 22U
Amer Loco pfd.-... 100 81«4 M4 M
Arrcr Smelt & Ref. 100 47 U 474 47
Amer 8 &. Ref pfd. 20O «O*4 00*1 JK>
Arr.er Sugar Ref... 6,100 I24Ti 123 123
Anaconda Mln Co. . 62
Drockl>-n I. Transit 10.500 41 1. 39«4 R3«
Colo Fuel fc Iron... 300 30 30 234
Consolidated Gas.. l.SOi) 104 101*4 1914
Com Products 1.S00 15*4 l*»; 15U
Ccrn Product* pfd. 100 CS 68 07?-
DlstilUrs' Secur... 2.200 24 24 234
Gereral Efeetrfc.V. 300 161 161 1604
Int»rnU Paper , n_t
Internatl Paper pfd- ' 1&'
Intcrnatl l*umj .-53
Interr_it! Puirp pfd 71 •'
Nattenal I>ead " jju
North, American \ 9
PacWlc Mall 20O 28«i 2HU "8
Pt-orle"" Ga- 200 97Ti 37t4 07*4
Pr»ised Pteel Car w -i 78
I'rpsMd S C»r pM * ' " Z 9
Itllman Pal Car " ' -!,>
Ilcpublic Steel kk> 7^ ¦;'»' " 7 g-
Republic Steel pfd. 300 42 4- 41*"
Rulber Goods ' 185 ?
U-bber Goods pM ; ¦;;>{¦
Tenn <'oal A Iron.. 20i> 35*; 3.MJ „*.
XI S Leather 100 74 714 71-
U S Leather pfd... -20f> 78 n*{ 77«
C 8 Realty • ...'? 7%
U S Realty pfd 5,114
U S Rubber 10O 124 12U 111^
U S Rubber pfd 100 *»% a*i\ 4s 3
U H fiteel 3.200 11 ij 10*;-
I.' S Fte*-1 pfd 10.600 53 U M'4 5*.i.
Westinghnuse Elec 137'
- YVcs'.ern Union b~*i
Total sales 1-7,400 shar
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— March. May. July.
Opening 6 10% 6 Si, 6 SH
Closing.' 6 10H 6 ST» 6 S%
PARIS.
Wheat— March. Sept. -Dec.
Opening 22 20 22 35
Closing ;....... 22 20 . 22 20
Flour —
Opening 30 05 - 30 CO
Closing 30 05 . 30 50
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS. March 5. — Wool, steady; medium
grades combing and clothing. 17<Jr2li_c: light
fine. 15®17»_c: heavy fine, 12#14J_e; tub
washed, 20tJ31C. :.-..- >
ri NortherirBupriess. "
SEATTLE. March 6. -^-Clearings, $610,800;
balances. $130,630. ~ .
TACOMA. March B— Clearings. $313,2S1;
balances. $68,297. •' • - . -
PORTLAND. March 6.— Clearings. $335,272;
balances, $25,278.
SPOKANE. March 5.— Clearings. $.151,801:
balances. $50,328. *
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. March 5. — Wheat — Walla Wal
la, 77c; blue stem, 81c; valley, S3c. ¦
Continued on Page Thirty-eight.
New York Money Market.
EASTERN MARKETS. \
Miscellaneous 'Markets.
geatU* 23.74 56 42 P ClouJy .76
Spoitar.p 29. 7G 42 34 S Rain .20
Tatoosh 23.70 46 42 W Pt.CMy .!>•{
W&:'.a Wa!!a.2O.7S 5B 54 SE Cloudy -0U
Winneniucca .30.02 .'.2 2S SW Cloudy .0"
yama 29.96 86 OS S Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen rapidly ever the
northwestern pcrtlon of the country and the
disturbance is moving slowly eastward over
Washington and Oregon. Cloudy weather is
reported at every station west of the Rocky
Mountains "except San Diego. Rain has fallen
frcm San Francisco northward and very liJfht.
showers have occurred In the San Joaquin Val
ley.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported : North Head. CO miles, from the
south; Tatoosh. CO miles, from the south; Eu
reka. £1 mile*, from the southeast; Wlnne
mueca. 2S mile*, from the southwest; Seattle,
U2 miles, from the southeast.
Forecast rr.aue at San Francieco for thirty
hour? ending n:;i2night, March 6:
Northern California — Cloudy, unsettled
weather Sunoay. with rain in northern por
tion: fresh Southerly winds.
Southern California — Cloudy Sunday; light
easterly wind*, changing to westerly.
Nevada — Cloudy Sunday.
San Francisco ar.d vicinity — Cloudy Sunday,
possibly showers; frerh southerly winds.
A. G. McADIE. District Forecaster.
{ follow--. Graham - Flour " $3 25 per 100 lbs;
; Rye I^ur. $3 25; Rye Meal. $3; Rice Flour.
i $7;' Corn Meal $3 25: extra cream do. $4; Oat
Groat*.. S4 50: Hominy $4©4 25; Buckwheat
! Flour. $4-5O®4 75: Cracked Wheat. $:> 75; Fa
rina. ?4 5O; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oats, bbls, $7 2.112s 60; In 'sacks. $0 75@S 10;
Pearl Barley" $»i: Split Peas, boxes. $7; Green
Peas. $5 50 per ICO lbs.
! ' Hay and Feedstuff : s.
Steailineis prevails in all description* under
this head. Quotations remain as before.
BRAN— $21©22 per ton. •
MIDDLINGS— $27 50@29 per ton.
EHORTS-$21«j22 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $21825 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $29 5OS31:
Jobbing. $32: Cocoanut Cake. $22«_3: Corn
Meal. $2J» 50030 50; Cracked Corn. $3C<£31:
Mixed Feed. $22©23- Horse Beans, $30©
40 per ton: Broom Corn Feed. 90c per ctl.
I HAY — Wheat. $15<ai3- Wheat and Oat. $loU
17 50: Oat. «15igl7; Wild Oat, $14916; Bar
ley, f 13^15; Stock nominal— none here; A1-.
falfa. $12^13 50 per ton
STRAW— S0S75C per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
A few narroy chans?s in Beans will be ob
served. The market on the whole Is steady,
with a continued dimand for overland ship
ment.
BEANS— Bayos S2 35S2 55: Pea. $3: But
ters. $3; email White. *3@3 15; large White,
! §2 .10112 ROv Pink. $.1 20@3 35: Red. $4 75@5;
t Lima. $3 30® S 35: Red Kidneys. $5: Blackeye,
I $2 10Q2 2o per. ctl; Horse Beans. *2'32 M>.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard. S3 75@4; Yellow
Mustard. $3®3 25; Flax $1 S0@l 90; Canary,
5«mic for Eastern; Alfalfa, 14«?14»ic: Rape.
Hi©2c; Timothy, «<g6^c; Hemp 3U@3*_c per
lb; Millet. 3©3Uc; Broom Corn Seed. $2C§21
per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Blackeye, $2 25fi2 50 p«r ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
The Potato market was liberally supplied
with table varieties and closed the week dull,
with buyers holdinsr off In anticipation of
lower r>ric«s. Eight carloads of Burbanks
j were received "from Oregon by rait and two
I carloads came In from Nevada. The Oregon
j steamer brousht down 9356 sacks, which had
not been marketed up to a late hour. The
market was bare of Sweets, but a "carload was
reported close at hand. Onions continued firm
at previous prices, with supplies limited. Green
j Onions were abundant and lower.
There were liberal receipts of \ vegetables,
but prices of most descriptions were steady
under a good demand, both for local use and
shipping. Repacked Mexican Tomatoes were
offering at $1 25^1 75 -per box, but moved
slowly owing to the abundance and compara
tively low prices of the ttxis Angeles article.
Mushrooms were lower unaer greatly increased
receipt?. ¦ I »
POTATOES— Burbanks from the river. $1 10
-gl 15 per ctl; Oregon Burbanks. $1 25@1 40
per ctl; Petaluma and Tomales Burbanks,
$1 15gl 20 per ctl; River Reds. $1®1 10 p«r
ctl: email Oregon Burbanks for seed. 90cg*l
P«r ctl: Garnet Chileg, $1©1 10 per" ctl: Early
Rose. SI 25<S1 35 per ctl; Sweet Potatoes, nom
inal: new Potatoes, 2^__i3c per lb.
ONIONS — Ytllow, 12 tiu€2 75 p«.r ctl for Or
! egon and i'2 9Cg3 for Nevadan; Green Onions,
1 4(V@50c per box. . .
VEGETABLES— Asparagus. 22^ ©25c p«r lb
for extra. 17^<&2Oc for No. 1 and 10S15c for
No. 2; Rhubarb, 7<g0c per lb: Green Peas. 4@
7c per lb for Los Angeles and for bay;
String Beans. l_'_@17V.c per lb: Tomatoes
, from Los Angeles, 75c@$l 50 per box or
[ crate; Summer Squash from Los Angeles, $1©
j 1 25 per box; Cabbage. $1 10 per ctl; Carrots,
| 50c per sack; Hothouse Cucumbers. 60cg$l per
{ dozen; Garlic, 5&tfc per lb; Egg Plant, 20325c
I per lb; Dried Peppers, 5QSc per lb for Stock
; ton and 10^gl2»^c for southern: Dried Okra,
j lU'ffl-'-.c per lb; Green Peppers, 2O®25c per
lbf Mushrooms. 10tJ15c per lb; Marrowfat
Squash, lgHic per lb; Hubbard, %c per lb. .
Poultry and Game.
"¦ Five cars of Western Poultry, consisting
chiefly of old Hens and Roosters, were mar
keted during the past week, and, though the
daily receipts of stock were ll;ht, the market
was weak, except for strictly fancy young
stock, which, formed but a small percentage of
j the supplies. The market was barely steady
i at the close, although there was very little on
j hand. Receipts of dressed Turkeys were only
' two cases and prices were largely nominal. A
I car o£ Western Poultry falls due to-morrow.
• There was not much demand for Game, but
' as the- receipts w«re light everything cleaned
j up well.
: POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys, 18©22c;
! live Turkeys. lt)@17c per lb; Geese, per pair,
j ?2g2 25; Goslings, ; Ducks. $5 50@ti 50 •
per dozen for old and $8 50@7 50 for young;
; Hens, $« 5007 for large and $5^8 for
I small : young. Roosters. $6 5O@7 50; old Roos
; ters $5@o 50; Fryers, $5 5O®«: Broilers, $5@
' 5 50 for large and $4 30<g5 for small: Pigeons.
: $1 25@1 50 per dozen for old and $2 25t?2 50
i for Squabs.
j GAME — Gray Geese, $3 per dor; White Geese.
I 75c5$l 25: Brant. $1 50 for small and $2 for
i lanse; Honkers. $5; Rabbits. $1 5Ogl 75 for
i Cottontails and II@1 25 for Brush; Hare. $1 23.
; Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
! Butter quotations were shad?d yesterday and ]
! there were large supplies on hand at the close.
I The demand continues slow. ' - . !
• The downward 'tendency ln?Cheese continues
I and the bulk of the flats are going at l»tft» t ..c.
i the full market range being given below. The ;
j markets all along the coast continue heavily |
I supplied.
, Receipts and stocks of Eggs continue heavy
1 «nd storing has already commenced, though,
i the dealers who are placing their surplus in
! store cay they are doing it at a risk, as the
i Kgss r.ro not yet. fit to so Into the icehouse.
i Tha steamer which sails to-day will take at
least 1000 cases for the.- north, principally
Alaska, and some estimate the quantity as
high as 1J0O cas?s. A well-known retail house
issued a card offering to retail at 15c. limiting
: tho purchases to five dozen ror a single pur
chase. Of course such a proceeding as this
; ten-is to ixupart increased weakness to the mar
i ket Large lines were carried over Sunday.
I Receipts were 47.900 lbs Butter. 1574 cases
1 Erss and 19,400 lbs Cheese.
• BUTTER— Creamery at first hands. 2.1.322c
i for extras 20g_D4-c for firsts and lS@l»c for
iecconds- dairy lS^Oc: store Butter, nominal;
! cold storage. 20®21c for extras. lSglDo for
; 6 econd3 and l«©lSc for ladle-packed.
• CHEESE — SHSlOc for good to choice new
! and 7_tSc for Tower grades; Young Americas.
I 10@llc; Eastern, 15Sl*5c: Western, 14&15c
I Pe EGGS— Ranch, 15@17c; store. 14815c per
! dozen. • -
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The market for Oranges continued dull as
far as local trading was concerned, owing to
the cloudy, threatening weather, but there
¦was fair Inquiry during the early raornlnjf
'• hours for medium priced Navels for shipment
north The Puget Sound steamer, which sails
to-day will take quite a quantity of such
fruit ' HiSh priced fruit was neglected and
i the laree elzes of fancy were commencing; to
'accumulate. Eight or ten. cars will be auc
! tloned to-morrow. Tangerines. Grape Fruit
' and Lemons wero in free supply and ruled
I weak at unchanged rate*. The Panama steam-
I er which arrived on Friday, brought up 2<52
1 cases of Mexican Limes, most of which -had
; been told to arrive at previous prices. Bananas
! moved freely, but as supplies were plentiful.
i prices were no higher. Several car loads of
1 Central American were received.
Common and choice grades of Apples wer»
I In good request at the previously quoted rates.
1 but fancy stock moved slowly, as few buyers
I cared to pay the high prices asked.
APPLES — $1 J5®2 per box Tor extra fancy;
I $1 25@1 50 for ordinary fancy. »5cS$l for
< choice and 35@65c for common.
i PEARS — Winter Nellla from «.old storage (re
packed). $2 50®:» per box. •
! CITRUS FRUITS--Navel Oranges. $1 5002 50
' per box for fancy. $1@1 50 for choice and 85c®
I $1 10 for standards; Seedlings. 5Oc<?$l: Tan
! gerines, 73ci&$1 25 per box; Lemons. $1 751>2 .50
for fancy. *i 25@1 50 for choice and 75c6$l for
! standard; Grape Fruit. $1 25'92 25; Mexican
! Lime-. $6(33 50: Eananas. $1@2 per bunch for
Hawaiian and $1 50fr2 25 for Central Ameri- .
¦! can; Pineapples. ?l 50*32 50 per dozen.
Dried Fruits,Nuts,Raisins,Honcy
The Eastern market seems to b»- developing
rmore tone, as will be seen In the first column.
I There is no change here.
The Panama steamer took out for . Euror*
I 107 49S lbs Prunes, valued at $2SS0. and for
' New York 19.250 lbs at $400.
! FRUIT— Apricots. SVi#l"V_c for Royals and
i 0<@12c for Moorparks; Evaporated .Apples, 4U©
I &34c:? tun-dried. 3%©4Vic: • Ptaches. 5<g7y;c:
Pears. Si-UHe: Nectarines. 5«JHc: Fig*.
T white :tfHc In bos-:s; black.. 4Vic; Plums, pjt
! ted. r,%sc per lb.
\ PRUNES — 100U crop. -'nfl-'iC for Ihf four
.1 sIim. ' • • ' -- ¦
I RAISINS— The Association quotes the foiiow
i ins prices: Standard grades. 50-lb cases — 2
trown Loos" Muscatels. . 5'ic .per - lb:
3-crtmn. j^c; 4-crown. H',-.c; SeeiSlean Loo.*
¦ Muwatcl?. tUc Sf^rttess- floated. 4*_e: 2«crawn
i Malaga loose. r>c: -"tcrown Malaga loose. &4«c;
' Seedless Sultanas, unbleached. 4>Jc: Seedless
I Thompson.', unblracned. 5».c. Layers. p*r 20- •
I lb box — G-crown Imperial clusters. $3; 5-crown
l Dehesa clusters. $2 50; 4-crown fancy clusters.
¦ J2- 3-crown London Layers. $1 3i; 2-crown
I London Layers. $t 25; usual advance for frac-
I tional boxea-and layers. Seeded — Fancy le-oz
\ cartons, per lb, 7»4c; fancy 12-oa cartons, per'
I package, oy.e: fancy bulk cartons, per lb. 7^Sc:
! choice lC-oz cartons, per lb, 7^.c; choice 12-oa ¦
i cartons, per package, 6«4c; choice bulk car
1 tons, per lb. "Me; 16-o_ cartons, seeded Seed
lings, Muscatels, per lb. 7c; 12-oz cartons,
steded Seedlings. Muscatels, per lb. 5%c; bulk,
seeded Seedlings. Muscatels, per lb.' t»%c * _: •
NUTS — Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 13\4@14c-
No.'2. Iiuei2c; No. 1 hardshell.' 13«l_».c;
No. 2, ll@ll^_c; Almonds. ll}_c for Nonpa
riels, 11HC for I X L. lie for Ne Plus Ultra
i and «Uo for -Languedoc; -Peanuts, &87c' for
Eastern: Pecans. ll(B13c: Cocoanuts, $4 5065
i HONEY— Ccunb. 10®ll«c for white and eW
©»i4c for'amter; water white extracted. " 543
5 lie;, light . amber extracted, .3 ?*84»ic; dark,
51£c; light amber extracted. 4V.94%c; dark.
3HS4c
BEESWAX— 27629c pe.- lb.
Provisions.
Chicago closed the week higher. There has
been some liquidation of outside holdings, but
they are still large, and packers and traders
are seller* on the hard spots.
The Chicago letter of Mitchell. Mulcahy A
Co. says: "There is still a larg-- outside In
terest and no change in the attitude of the
packers toward the market. They are free
sellers on the hard spots stocks are already
large and the probability is that they will go
on Increasing quite rapidly. Demand is only
fair. We think provisions should be sold on
the rallies."
In this market Bacon has been marked
down He all around. Hams are firm and un
changed and Lard is steady.
CURED MEATS — Bacon 10*_c per lb for
i heavy, lie for light medium. 13c for light.
1314c for extra light and 15c for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13»,c: California
Hams. 12^.c; Mess Beef. «10 50Q11 per bbl: |
extra Mess, <U 60«12; Family. ?12 50613;
prime Mess Pork. $15: extra clear. $2I©C3;
Mess. $1S; Dry Salted Pork. 10H©Uc; Pig
Pork. $27; Pigs* Feet, $5; Smoked Beef. 14e
per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 7%c per lb for
compound and 9%c for pure: half-barrels, pure.
10c; 10-lb tins. lOUc; 5-lb tins. IOHc; 3-lb
tins. 10?Jc.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 8%c: thre«
half barrels, Oiie: one tierce, 0»ic; two tierces,
»c; five tierces, 8Tj c per ] b# .
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
All descriptions remain as before q_oted.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about }j@lc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers. 9Uc; medium. 8Hc; light. 8c; Cow
Hides. 8c for heavy and 8c for light: Stags. «c : ;
baited Kip. 8c: Salted Veal. 10c: Salted Calf.
lOHc; dry Hides. 15@16c: dry Kip. 13c: dry i
Calf. ISc; Sheepskins, shearlings. 25®30c each;
short Wool. 40<geSc each; medium. 70®90c: long
Wool. $lgl 50; Horse Hides salt, $2 75 for
large and $23_ 50 for medium. $1 25-31 75 for
small and 50c for Colts. Hors* Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large and $1 50 for medium: $131 23
for small and 50c for Colts. Buck Skins— Dry
Mexican. 31c: dry salted Mexican. 25c: dry
Central American. 31c. Goat Slclns^ — Prime An
goras, 75c: large, and smooth, 50c; medium.
35c: small. 20c ¦
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4c per lb; No.
2. SHc: grease, 2%23c.
WOOL— Fall clip— San Joaquin Lambs. 9©
lie: Middle County, 11012c; Northern defect
ive. 9810c: Nevada, 13C15c: Oregon, fine, 189
19c: Oregon, medium, 17c per lb.
HO J!?~ 25^ 30c ** r lb for California. 1903.
and 20c for crop of 1904.
Meat Market.
No further change la reported. Beef. Mut
ton and Lamb continue firm, while Hogs are
eteady and Veal in good supply and easy.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— «*i©7%c for Steers and C-86Hc per
lb for Cows.
}C£££c^ Lar * e - 889c = 8maJ1 - 8H«9^c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. OH-flOc; Ewes. fXQOV,e
per lb.
LAMB— Yearlings, lie; Spring. 16c.
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 70S He per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, aound
Livestock, delivered in San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattla:
CATTLL— Steers. 8-©9c; Cows and Heifers
"flSc; thin Cows, 4S5c per lb.
CALVES — 4gi«4c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP — Wethers. 4H85c; Ewes. 4ii«4^c
per lb igro;s weight).
LAMBS — ;t;8«c per lb.
HOGS — Live Horw. 140 to 200 lbs ' 3«ic
over 200 lbs. 8%©5Hc; soft /legs. 44©4 i ic :
Sows. 20 per cent off; Boars. 50 per cent off.
and Stags, 40 per cent oft from above quota
tions.
General Merchandise.
BAGS; — Grain Bags. SV.9S9ie spot and 5%c
June-July: San Quentln. 5.55c; Wool Bags
32835c: Fleece Twine, 7£®Sc. '
COAL— Wellington, $S per ton; New Wel
lington, $3: Seattle, $6 50: Bryant, $6 50- Bea
ver Hill. $6: Standard. $7; Roslyn. $7- Coos
Bay. $5 50: Greta. J7: Wallsend. $7; Richmond
$7 CO; Cumberland. $13 in bulk and $14 25 in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg $14-
Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Wel 8 h Lump*
$1150: Cannel. $8 5O per ton: Coke $11 5O»13
per ton In bulk and $15 in sacks; Rocky Moun
tain descriptions, $1. 45 per 20C0 lbs and $12 SO
per long ton, according to brand.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cases,
add 0c; Linseed. 49c per gallon fcr boiled and
47c for raw; Castor Oil. in cases. No i YOc-
Bakers' AA, $1 1«?1 12: Lucol. 44c for boiled
and 42c for raw; China Nut. 60370c per gallon-
Cocoanut Oil. In barrels. 38c for Ceylon and 53c
for Australian: extra bleached winter Sperm
Oil, 85c; natural wlnt-r sperm Oil, SOc; extra
Costa Rica — Nominal: i:H_fil5c for strictly
prime to fancy washed: I2 1 .'813c fnr prime
washed; H 1 -'312Vic for goo.1 wash*d; lO'ifif
l^i-.t; for good to prime washed peaberry: 3UW
loV_c for gcoti to prim* peaberry; I'^'^Uc for
good to prime: S-fjlO'-ic fcr fair, 7S8».c fcr
common to ordinary. .*,.,
Salvador— HS14* 4 c for fancy washed: 12H«r
13i_c for strictly prime wasfced: 10312c (or
good to prim- washed: Sl»S!t' ; c for fair
washed; 10®l3c for fair to prim* washed pea-
'Market closes quiet and easy
ult inclv->: 113 bags Costa Rica. 79 Nica
ragua, 36o3 Salvador. 4352 Guatemala. 143
Mexican ind ¦"< -~> various, in a!l 11.5«« bags.
"The sudden and ra;M collapse of the uj>
warl movement, which began with a legiti
mate and low basis some four months ago.
can be wholly attributed to overspeculatlon
leading to what ha* proven to be an entirely
untenaMe immediate position and premature as
to prospective conditions. This element Is
?ald to have been largely V^-ipoacd tvf during
the enormous February liquidation, but confi
dence on th« part of the trade has be«n rudely
shaken and there are temporarily no wlllinjr
buyers among thcs» who d<»al in the actual
article. Probably it will take some time to
restore th-ir support, which at the outset was
being manifested in a practical way in a!!
directions. The local market closes dull, prices
drooping.
••To-day's first-hand stock consists of 2PO
ba<ra Costa Rica. Ill Nicaragua. 9-J70 Salvador.
12.17U Guatemala. 2421 Mexican and 375O \_rl
ous. in al! 29.au bacs.
••Deliveries from first hands since the **.*.
"A further and serious decline has occurred
since our circular of February 6, amounting,
for Brazil grades, to l'*c per pound durln?
that t!se and makiiig the total decline- from
the highest point this year about 24c In Spot
Coffee and 2-i for futures. New York Is now
about l'jc above the lowest prices ruling i.n
1303. say during June to September, the dif
ference in. futures being a trifle wider but
practically equivalent.
SUGAR — The "Western Sugar Refining Com
pany tjuotes as follows, per lb. In 10O-!b bas»-
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.55c:
Powdered. 5.40c; Candy Granulated, 5.40c; Dry
Granulated, fine. 5.30c: Dry Granulated, coarse
5.30c; Fruit Granulated. 5.30c; Beet Granulated
(ICO-lb bags only). 5.10c; Confectioners' A.
5.30c: Magnolia A. 4.9Oc; Extra C 4.90c-
Golden C, 4.70-; -D." 4.60c: barrels. 10c mor»;
half barrels. _-jc more: boxes. 5Oc more- :•'>-:>
bags, 10c more for all" kinds. Tablet-^— Hal*
barrels. 3.80c; boxes. «.C3c; II. & E. Crystal
Domlncs, 9. Sue T>er lb. No orders taken for
less than seventy-five barrels or its equivalent
COFFEE— C. E. Blek*ord"s circular give* the
receipts at this port thus far this year at 41. 533
bags, against 6O.553 hags during the sam*
time last year. Th* pales from flr.it hand- wer*
2-.S73 ba:a. against :t4.iO7. The stork in first
hand? March I was 31, "S3 ba*s. again*: 51.5C5
baza last year. The circular says:
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 64^
7c per It; White Lead. 6H37c. according to
quantity.
COAL OIL— Water White Ccal Oil la bulk
14c; Pearl Oil. in cases. 204c; Astral 20i,c :
Star 20*_c: Extra Star. 24He: Elaine! 28i_e -
Eoce'ne 23 l ic: Deodorized Stove Oasollne la
bulk, 16c: in cases. 22Hc; B«n_lne. in bulk
13c; In caaes, 19V»c; Si-degree Gasollas ia
bulk 25c: in case*. 3_e.
TURPENTINE— S4c per gallon ia cases and
73c in drums and Iron barrels.
bleached winter Whale- Oil. 63c: catural Whal*
Oil. euc; extr» winter strained Lard Oil. 73c-
No. 1 Lard Oil. 60c; pure Neatsfoot O1U 75c'
No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil. 65c: light Herring Oil,"
45c; dark Herring Oil. 43c: Salmon Oil, 38c
boiled FI»h Oil. 40c; raw Fish Oil. USc boiled
Paint Oil, 35c; raw Paint Oil. 3Uc.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
AYtr York Stocks i to 2 points lower. Cotton higher.
Local Securities close the week dull.
Foreign bourses again showing some signs of uneasiness.
Shipment of $200,102 in Treasure to Hongkong.
Silver a fraction higher. Exchange rates undisturbed.
Local Bank Clearings still shozv a decrease from last year.
Tax csscssfuctit to-morrow renders grain markets very dull.
Hex and Feedstuff s steady and unchanged.
Beans show some slight changes. Seeds as before.
Supplies of Butter, Cheese and Eggs still larger than the demand.
Provisions quiet, with a decline in Bacon.
Dried Fruits showing rather more tone in Nezv York.
Wool Hides and Hops as before quoted.
Xo further change in Cattle, Sheep and Hogs.
Potatoes weakening, zriih lower prices expected.
Onions firm. J'egdables in good demand and steady.
Poultry in moderate supply, but not steady.
Rainy weather cheeking the demand for Oranges.
Several carloads of Bananas in from New Orleans.
Coffee market quiet and easy.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO. '
NEW YORK. March 5.— Bond transactions
United Railroads of Ban Francisco. 10.000 at
*70.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
Common, bid 4\, asked 4Vi; preferred, bid
2SS. asked 39Vi. . "
NEW YORK -BONDS.
U S ref 2s re££lO4*_v_ &. x unified 4s. OS 1 ;
l>o coup 105 -Man con gold 4s..l0o?_
Uo 3s re_ K'ti Mex Cent 4s t'5
I>o coup lCU'i Do 1st Inc . 13Ti
Do new 4s res. 132V* iMinn & St L 4s. W5*i
Vo cour. i32Vi M. K & Tex 4s.. 07>i '¦
Do oM 4s reg.100^' Do 2ds ....... 77
I><> coup ?07Vib:R of Mex con 4a 75
Atch gen 4s ... 09% JK Y C gen S^s. 97%
Do adjt U ... SS< 4 N J C gen 5s.. .128
Atlantic C L, 4s..9Mi,'Nor Pac 4s .102%
Balto &. O 4S.V.101H] Do 3s 70^
Uo 34s 03 Nor & W con 4s. «7»-i
Cent of Ga 5s 103 jOSL 4s & partic. 91 4
Do 1st Inc. ... Ctj^jPa conv 3^,s... . 05^,
Ches & O 44s... 101 .Reading gen 4s.. 95%*
Chi i- Alton o' 3 s. 73 <=L & I M con 5s.ll2Ts
C li & Q a 4s.. 02ig SL & S F tg 4s. Si)
«." it a. a p e 4s.ios ! s J St ix»uis sw ists. ut
Chi & N W c 7a. 129> /8 Seaboard A i, 4s. 65U
C R I &. V B 43. €9 iSo Pac 4s....... 8SU
Do col r-s 77?;iSo Railway 5S...1UW
C O C & S L. s 4s. 0-S |Tex & Pac Ists. 1 1ST.
Chi Terra 4s ... $0 T. St L & W 4s. C3
Con Tobacco 4s.. 57 Union Pac 4a 10251
Colo & So 4s S41, Do conv 4s 65
C r & 1 conv 5s. 70 US Steel 2d 5s.. 7214
Denver & R G 4s. 07*i Wabash Ists ;V.vJUB«
Erie prior lien 4s. OtJ^j Do deb B 59»\
Do Ben 4s S4 W & L Eri» 4s. . 87 '
P W & D C lsta.104 Wls Cent 4s S3 ¦
Hocking Val 4'.-»s.lO3*i
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con ..... 12iOntario 4 23
Alice lS|Ophir 4 20
Greece 10!Phoenix 06
Com Tunnel . Oti j Potosi 23
Con Cal & Va... 1 5O:Sa*vage ec
Horn Silver 1 15JSierra Nev 55
Ircn Silver 1 t5|Small Hopes .... ,22
I.eadville Con ... C2 Standard 2 50
Little Chief 07 1
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money — u S _teel 10*4
Call loans' 3'4^44 Do pfd 55ij
Time loans 4* t @5^ Westing Common. 78
Bonds— Mining—
Att-hison 4s 68 Adventure 2
Do adj 4s 87«4 Allouei 3%
Railroads — JAmal Copper 45*i
Atchlson CS lAmer Zinc 8*i
Do pfd SSH Atlantlo 71!
Boston & Albany.243V4BiriKh.am 19U
Boston & Maine.l65ii|Calumet & Hecla.440
Boston Elcv 13S Centennial 17
Fitchburg r>M 136 Copper Range ... 40!-i
Mex Central H'4 Daiy West 34
N Y. N H & H..1S9H Dom Coal 52««
Pere Maniuette.. 78 Franklin 7Ti
"Union Pacfc 73^4 Grancy 8'i
Miscellaneous — lisle Royale 7
Amer Arge Chem. 1314 Maps Mining ... 3U
Do pfd 74 Michigan 4
Amer Pneu Tube. 4 Mohawk 35«
Amer Sugar 12.1U Old Dominion.... 10U
Do pfd 123 Osceola 56'i
Amer Tel & Tel. 121 22U
Amer Woolen 10 Qulncy si
Do. pfd 8^i Shannon 7»:
Dom Iron & S.. 7» 4 Tamarack 85'
Ed Elec Ilium. .2T2 Trinity 414
Gen Electric 151 u S Mining 20fc,
Mass Electric 174JU S Oil 8»i
Do pfd 7.3 lUtah 32^
Mass Gas 3S»4! Victoria 3
United Fruit .... »7^[V\lnona 5U
Ur Shoe Mach... 46 j Wolverine 73 u
Do pfd 2S%! J*
London Closing Stocks.
¦ Cons for money.. S5UIN" T Central 117U
Do for acct.55 7-10 Nor & Western.. 5«ii
Anaconda 3tf] Do pfd S3
Atchison 17^;0nt & Western.. 20^
Do pfd 01% j Pennsylvania .... 5SH
, Bal & Ohio 77^jRand Mines 8U
Can Pacinc 111^! Reading «>064
t"hes & Ohio SI I . Do 1st pfd..... 39 '
Chi Great West . . 1SU] Do 2d pfd 2SU
Chi. Mil & St P. 143 'So Railway ..'.'.'. 19«i'
De Beers l!)i^ Do pfd R2'
D<»n & Rio G 19!iiSo Pacinc 45U
Do vt<3 IB iUnlon Pacific 76>i
Eric 23=4 i Do pfd 90
Do 1« pfdi MKiD S Steel 11%
Do 2d pfd 40 [ Do pfd Z-il
; III Cpntral 131 : Wabash is*4
Louis & Nash...l03\i; Do pfd 3isi
j M. K & Tex 15-i 1 ••••>*.*
Bar silver — Quiet, 2«iUd per ounce.-
Money— 2>i'62*4 per cent.
The rate of discount in the open' market for
I short bills is 3 1>1603K per cent and for three
I months" bills 3 l-10Q3Hi per cent.
I Nczv York Grain and Produce.
NEVV YORK, March 5. — FI/)UR— Receipts
i 21.100 barrels; exports. 9600 barrels; quiet but
; steady; winter patents, $5 2OfS 60; winter
• straights. $5@5 35; Minnesota patents," $5 25@
! 5 65: winter extras, S3 tXX§4; Minnesota bakers,
i SI 2€ff4 70; winter low grades, $3 1503 SO
WHEAT— Receipt.". 40.950 bushels: spot.
, firm; No. 2 red. $1 <H elevator and *1 05<gl CS
j f . o. b. afloat : No. 1 Northern Duluth. $1 09>-i
I f. o. h. afloat; No. 1 Northern Manitoba nom
inal f. o. b. afloat. The option market was
unsteady all' day. closing USfic higher. May
closed at 11 01: July closed at 97&c; Septem
ber closed at S954c. ¦
HOPS — Firm; State, common to choice. 1903
3O-ff37c; 19C2. crop, 24t?2Sc; olds. 15gl9c; Pa
cific Coast. 190.1 crop, 27603c; 1D02 crop. 243
27c; olds. 1CH513C
HIDES — Firm; Galveston. ISc; California
ISc.
WOOL — Firm.
PETROLEUM— Steady.
SUGAR— Raw, firm: fair refining, 2 15-16c;
centrifugal. 90 test, 3 7-1 Cc; molasses sugar,
2 ll-16c; refined, firm; -No. 6. 4.15c: No 7
4.10c; Na S. 4.f>5c; No. 9, 4c; No. 10, 3.05c-
No. 11, 3.90c: No. 12. 3.S5c; No. 13. 3.50c:
No. 14, 3.75c; confectioners' A. 4.40c; mold
A. 4.90c; cut loaf. 5.25c; crushed. 5.25c:
powdered, 4.65c; ¦ granulated, 4.55c; cubes
4.8Oc.
COFFEE — Spot Rio. steady: No. 7 invoice,
6%c; mild, steady; Cordova. lChgl3c. Futures
closed steady. 5 rolnts higher; sales. S6.000
j baes; March 5.15S5.20c; May, 5.35@5.40c:
! July. 5.65c: December, 6.15c. The world's
: visible supply statement showed a decrease for
I th» month of 131.404 bags. The present avail
able supply is 13.181.000 bags.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market Is
(till firm and in some Instances holders are
said to be ssking more than quotations. Com-
I mon are quoted at 4f?5c: prime, x 5US5 - ic s
choice. 5H<3Cc; fancy. 6^©7c. ¦ • ¦
¦PRUNES — Are rather easier in tone, with
coast advices indicating more anxiety to sell
Prices range from 3>*c to 6^c, according to
1 gTad*. . - .
APRICOTS — Remain in light supply and
firm. Choice. 0@9*ic; extra choice, 10>-ieiO-Vc
fancy. 12Q15C. '
PEACHES — Are firm, with choice quoted at
j "U<?7Uc; extra choice, 7»i@SUc; fancy. OglOc.
New York Metal Market.
______
NEW YORK.' March 5. — There was a good
demand in all local metal markets to-day- and
prices w»re retorted firmly held.
Spot tin wes quoted *2Rff_5 Z!i.
Copper— Lake. $12 50<Q12 75; electrolytic and
casting, $12 37UH12 62I.-
Spelter. S3 05<g5 15.
Lead. $4 60@4 65.
Iron prices remain steady and nominally un
changed.
Exports and Imports.
NEW YORK. March 5.— Total imports of
dry goods and general merchandise at the port
of New York for th* week ending to-day were
valued at «7,0O.1.S09. '
Exr>orts of t?«lf from New York for the
week were ?1. 040.013 silver and $251.35.1 gold
Imports of specie at New York during the
week were f 15,910 gold and $4247 silver. •
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. March B. — The cotton market
opened steady and closed at about 4tfO points
over yesterday's close.
while July dropped to .91"*c The. market
failed tt> recover from this setback, .tho close,
being weak end near the bottom, with May
at W-Hc. July closed at 02"4 c -
S j-ength ; In '¦wheat "arrd- an active ' demand
from a prominent provision interest caused a
firm corn market early in the day. The mar-
Let closed steady with all of the advance lost.
May being unchanged to »ic higher at 53~ic
ana July Uc lower at 52c.
oats were unsteady. .May closing at 41Uc
an-1 July at 4Cc. Vic lower.
A small run of hogs, with higher prices at
the yards gave- provisions a strong ' start, and
the strength was maintained throughout the
day. Pork closed 25c higher. May lard 15c
up and ribs 20c higher.
The leading futures ranged as fellows :
Articles. . 'Open. High. Low. Clos?.
Wheat. No. 2 —
May OS 98H 06i_ 06%
July, old 83% _04fc 93 93U
July, new .. 92*i 03^ 01% 92
September, old. SS $SVi S7»i _7*i
September, new 8T» 8 S7^ S<*i» t>6\i
Corn, No. 2 —
May &3?i 54U 03H 53%
July 521* 52*4 61»4 52
September 51U - 51 ** 50"* 50",
Oats, No. 2 —
;.May 41% 41% 4US 4Ui
i July 39% 40- 39*. 30^j
; September 34}. " 34ft, 34*s 341,
Megs pork, per bbl —
May 14 00 14 20 13 05 .14 17^
July 14 22^ 14 32*4 14 10 14 32>i
Lard, per 1C0 lbs —
May . ! V 35 7 40 7 30 7 40
July 7 50 7 57*4 7 45 7 55
i Short ribs, per 100 lbs — .
!May 7 2l» 7 32*. 7 12^ 7 27^
July 7 30 7 42*. 7 274a 7 37 V.'
Cash Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO. March 5. — Cash quotations wore
as follows: Flour, steady; winter patents.
J5@5 10; straights, $4 70©4 »0; spring patents.
** C0£5; straights. $4 20@4 60; bakers, $3 aog
3 80; No. 3 spring wheat, 55<&07c: No. _! re«l.
91i_c@$l 00%: No. 2 corn. 50%c: No. 2 yel
low, 51»;c; No. 2 oats; 40Uc; No. S white.
30>£®42i,»c; No. 2 rj'e. 72c; good feeding bar-'
ley. 381?<Hc; fair to choice malting. 45^55c;
No. 1 flaxseed, $1 0^V4: No. 1 Northwestern.
$11 4C; prime timothy seed, $3 05; mees pork,
per bbl, $14 12Vi@14 25; lard, per 100 lbs,
$7 15S" 25; short ribs sides (loose). $7®7 25;
short clear sides (boxed). $7 37%®7 50; whisky,
basis of high wines, $1 2S; clover, contract
trade, $11 65.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour bbls 33,700 10.300
Wheat, bu 45,900 45,800
Corn, bu 174.000 81,300
Oats,' bu 266,000 09,700
Rye. bu 12,100 3,000
Barley, bu 05,400 25,700
Livestock Market.
_____ 4
• CHICAGO.-
CHICAGO. March 5. — CATTLE — Receipts,
200:' nominal: _ood to prime steers, $5^5 75:
poor to medium, $3 5034 50; stockers and
feeders, $2 50@4 25: cows, $1 6O^4; heifers.
I $2©4 50: canners. $1 60@2 50; bulls. ?2'Q>4;
calves, J3S6 50: Texas fed steers, $4@4 75.
HOGS — Receipts to-day. 7000; Monday, 30,
000; steady to higher; mixed and butchers,
$5 10@5 45; good to choice heavy. $5 40^5 55;
rough heavy, $5 1&S5 40; light, |4 50<35 25;
bulk of sales. $5 1065 40.
SHEEP — Receipts. 2000: sheep, steady:
Iambs, steady; good to choice wethers. |4 25@
4 75; fair to choice mixed, $3 50©4 23; West
ern sheep, $2 75-85 25;. native lambs, $4 Wi
5 75; Western lambs, ?4 75®6.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
CHICAGO. March 5. — On the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was "weak;
creameries, 14824c; dairies, 14@22c. Eggs,
steady; at mark. cases included, 17® 18^.
Cheese, steady; lOi-itfJllHc.
- .¦ .^ ... : - ---¦.¦•¦-.- ¦¦_ - - - -- . * --¦-¦- - . .- -• ¦ -. .¦¦.-¦.. , ;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. MARCH fi, 1901.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
47
AUCTION SALES
Executor's Sale
By ordtr E. LONG, executor estate Jaha
Moln. Esq.. goods removed from Oakland, en-
tire contents formerly contained In their pa-
latial residence will be sold without reserve
or lirr.lt
MONDAY, 11 o'clock a. m.
At Wilson's, 1710 Market St.
Also same time and clace
ENTIRE CONTEXTS 7 ROOM3 formerly eoa-
tained tn flat at
1303 LAOUN'A ST.
Removed to our auction rooms for eoavesieac*
of sale.
WILSON, the Auctioneer.
/jy,^ AUCTION TUESDAY. March S. 11
/t-*9 a. m.. at lllt> Folsom st. I will well
1 Shetland pony. 1 handsome donkey, bugsy
and harness. 1 carload of horses, 4Q> sits har-
ness, and a most choice line of surrles. wagons,
carts, busgies and vehicles cf every description'
WM. CLOUGH. Auctioneer.
ADVHRTISEMENTS.
MARCONI WIRELESS]
FOUNDATION ON WHICH TO BUILD YOUR |
POPTIINF
THOS. A. EDISON says: ANDREW CARNEGIE says:
A SHALL XXrVXSTM*E*_**T XH MASCOITX a£CU»ITli;S W-XXi Kin
YOU nrJEPENDEHT IIT A ***_~SW Y-ASS, A LAECEB TSTTESTiSEXT
WIX"_ MAKE TOU KICK.
The Marconi Wireless Telegraph U lh# most marvelous and useful Invention
ever introduced. It not only does all that the telegraph and cable system will do,
but very-miffh more and at a fraction o£ the expense. It is destined to coma into
mere general use than the telegraph, cab'.e and telephone systems, with their hun-
dreds - of millions of ' capitalization and millions uoon millions of dividends com-
bined. It will be a means of communication between every country, every city,
every town, every viila-rf. house, factory, store. ofnc« and farm, far Its cost Is
within the reach of every one and its use required by alL
It will be more profitable than shares of the Bell Telephone Company, ¦whiefc.
¦ were first offered at $1 and afterward sold for more than $1000. Alt tn-restaent
of $100 then has yielded up to the present time $200,000.
The stock of the English Marconi Ccmoany was put out at 15 per share, and
since sold at $22 on the London Stock Exchange, an advance of 340 per cent. Ths
possibillties of the American Ccmpany ara much Kreater.
Xo enterprise has ever grown like the Marconi. Invented less thar> six years
ago and put into practical operation less than three. It has been indorsed by tha
leading nations of the world, employed by many Governments and used la their
Navies.
Indorsed by prominent men and the press off tha world.
TEE REVENUES OF THE COUPANT ARE CO*fSTA*SrTZiT XSCXSASZSd
AND ITS FIELD OF OPEBATIOIT OSOWIHO DAXLT.
Th# system has been adopted by the New York Herald for Its great shlyplas
new s department and by Lloyd's London world-renowned marln* agency, who hav_
contracted for the -service for fifteen years.
Kieht stations are In active operation on the Atlantlo Coast.
More than 100 ocean steamers equipped with tha Marconi systam.
LAND CONNECTIONS — Arrangements have recently been concluded wjsereby &•
vTestern Union Telegraph Company will undertake on and after March 1, 1904, t_i9
collection and distribution of messages for the marine service of the Marconi Wire-
less Telerraph Company of America. The Postal Telegraph Cable Company and tha
Marconi Company have for some time past been working under an arrangement
similar to that concluded with the Western Union Ccmpany. The, Marconi Company
therefore now ha* -working connections with the two telegraph companies of tlw J9
country, and messages to and from oatirotnir or lncomlnr steamships may be rooted j
by either the Western Unicn or the Postal Telegraph Company, as the seadar may tn
Ce-tre. ||
The Marconi message for transmission to ocean steamers may now b* accept*)
at any of the 40.0VO telegraph offices tn the United States and Canada.
THOMAS A. EDISOIT. MASCOin AHTJ _-_ X. VTXVTS OT CO*-.~_fMBZA COIi-
-.EGE ARE THE CO*"TSTJI.T-_SrO ENai-TE*__-_l OT THE COX-PAST. £ '¦'-_
NO PREFERRED STOCK, SO BO-TDS. EVERT STOCXJEOX-DSX BEIXO
¦:.;..,. O2T AH SQT7AX. BASIS-
NEW YORK WORLD, October 18, 1903, States:
"The scope cf the Wireless System is wider than that of t!i» Bail Telephone.
It is not unreasonable to assume, therefore, that great fortunes can be made by
- moderate Investments in the Marconi securities, and that small Investor* will be-
come tndei>en<lent!y wealthy within a few years. It ia likely that certi-tcates WlU
increase in value 200 or even 300 fold." — New Tcrk World.
The pre.sct opportunity will never come again, as the price will be ad**aaecdi
shortly.
Marconi Certificates wilt net you from 100 to 1C0O per cent — better rtsclta ti-ia
any labors of yours can produce. fl
Dear In mind that an Investment pt $100 In the English Marconi Company a if
few mcT.ths ago increased 340 per cent — tbe American Company offers greater e>> ]
rcrtunltles. . II
Prospectus and full particulars upon application. ||
F. P. WARD & CO., BANKERS I
v -Crossley Building, San Francisco |
Farmers* Bank JJIdjt.. Pittsburr. Pa. .' I Conneil Bldg.. Scranton. Pa. Ij
Land and Title Bldr.. Philadelphia. \ I Hennen Bldg.. New Orleans, T_a. I]
. Century Bldr.. St. Louis, Mo. I CUrk and Washington sts., Chica-ra. *J
Correspondents of Munroe & Munroe. New York. J y
DI7DT IC 1_FM ftN^TDATIfiN At * ir our offlc «" y 00 are w*"*- 1 * ****** S
y\JtiH\j ULilTlUllJlWAiiUfi to call and receive a Marc«-l*t-__-. . U= The manufacture of artificial cam
phor by electrolysis is how-assured. . .-
Lowell Boys Beat Modesto Team.
MODESTO, March - ; 5^— Representa
tives . from Lowell High '"' School^' San
Francisco, and Modesto', High/ School
contested here to-day in "V field events.
The result was a 'victory for Lowell
by the small, margin of five points. Up
to the relay race the teams were tied.
MiUtary and Benevolent Association
Celebrates T\vehty-Fifth, Annl- ,
versary.at Eintracht Hay. . ' ;
A merry throng' of ;Aus'trians and
their, friends gathered >ti^ Eintracht
Hall oh Twelfth street and
participated in the" ceiebratibn : of , the
Austrian Military^ and fBeneyolent As
sociation's \twenty-flf th'*anniyer«arVri •¦¦
; The^association .. was organized' ' in
187 9/ through * the ! 'efforts
Sturiza with, ' eighteen charter mem
bers * and to-day the association can
boast' 27 5 : members on its rolL
programme'; ot ' . enter
tainment was arranged', for^'the / everi^
AUSTRIANS ENTERTAIN , ;
AX BANQUET AND BALL
ing, consisting of the following num-
bers:
• Overture: 'Introductory remarks by the presi
dent of the association, M. Sabadin; •'Austrian
Hyiun," " Austrian . Military . Orchestra; vocal
duet. ; selected, M iss . M. SchultzberK •¦ and Mr*.
E Hoogberg; duet; and trombone, "Mis
erere" (VII Trovatore"),,G. A. .Fabrls and M.
Hcbbs; recitation by Miss Antoinette Draghicc
vich;^ 1 barytone soloiby Bert; Murphy;' special
ties, . Miss Hazel' Callahan and Professor K.
Ftrrest;'. gypsy song, opera ."Carmen." Miss
K.'tella Milcovlrh, . .accompanied by Mine.
Roeckel ; ' "L<» Parlete d'Amor"; ("Faust"), May
Mllcovlch: -solo,. "Mine Always," Miss Ionian
Beaumont,' accompanied- by Miss Rita Thomp
son : xylophone solo, selected, . George Klttler,
accompanied by Austrian ¦ Military Orchestra:
comic ;¦ aict, De; Ruiz and Granvllle, . comedy
sketch. artists.' ; ~.
\:<At-the conclusion of the entertain
ment the floor;, was cleared and danc
ing, was commenced and continued
until ; 12; o'clock, '.when a grand -march
was r foncned and ) all . repaired ' to the
banquet' hall, where ;' covers ¦ for - 500
True politeness ¦imply consists in
treating others as you yourself would
wish to be treated.
¦ .
had been laid.. Numerous toasts and
speeches- were indulged in and after
all had fully en joy%d the repast, danc
ing was resumed' in the main hall un
til the early hours of the morning:.
Many members of the . association
were .prominent .during- the evening,
attired In their full dress uniforms.
The following committees were in
charge of the affair:
Ball — B. M. Burin and M. J. Russell.
Arrangrements — J. L. Radovtch, M. Sabadin.
M. L. Mllcovlch, A. N. Batcbla. Jasper Josiuti.
G. Mustahlnich. N.«Sturlza, Martin Perieh. C.
Petruslcb and John Torato.
Floor— M. Radulovlch. A. " N. Batchia. C
Kilstovich. N. MetkovJch, M. J. RusmII. . M.
Ranzulo. P. Saulovlch. J. Slnnclch, J. M. Sam
brallo ant* N. .T. Sambrallo.
Reception-^-M. V. . Radovlch, C. Krlstovlch,
F . FramiEich, M. KrUtovlch. Geonre Mullla,'
S. Ullch. J. Sambrallo, M. Perkochla. B.
Mlloalavlch. M. LJublcb. M. Sambrallo and U
VeslUcb.
the County Clerk's office, both in this
city, and in Oaklaha,' having registered
in 1877. The body will be held at the
Morgue until an. autopsy can be per
formed. - Death v is supposed to have
been due to natural causes. Reinhold
wasa physician and Moore claims to
have a hospital'^n Berkeley. He has
been in court several times.
scientific examination," as he termed
it. ,
Reinhold's wife had no religious ser
vices held over the body, but merely
kept it in the house until the next day,
when it was removed by City Under
taker Hagan of 1707 ..Sacramento
street to the medical coll<jge. When
Hagan went to the Health Office to
have the certificate recorded the au
thorities refused to perform the* ser
vice, claiming that Moore's name was
not in the physicains* register.
The body was . then': removed by
Hasan to the City Morgue, as is the
custom in all cases where there Is not
the signature of a licensed ¦, physician
to the death certificate.
_Moore : claims to 'be ; a graduate of
the old College of Physicians and Sur
geons and says that he; la T registered 1 in
De Witt C. Moore Declared an Illegal
HEALTH OFFICE REFUSES
TO VOUCH FOR 'PHYSICIAN
Practitioner and Dody of Rein
hold Goes to Morgue.
The bealth Department refused yes
terday to permit the body of August
F. Reinhold. who died at 825 Grove
street, to be removed to the Qalifornla
Collegre of Osteopathy or Hahnemann
College at" 1401" Van Ness' avenue be
cause the death certificate was signed
by De Witt C. Moore, who attaches
M. D. to his name and who they claim
Is not. a licensed physician. Reinhold
died on March 3. the death certificate
states, of pneumonia induced by an In-
Jury' to his spine received by a.' fall.
He left-a will bequeathing' his body to
*he medical college for. a "thorough
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAEIX SUNDAY, MARCH G, 1904.
48
SEE THE PICTURES.
By Albert SonnJcluen.
THE WAVE THAT
GAVE UP ITS PREY,
Kemarkablc Series
of Thrllllnx Stories.
NEXT SUNDAY CAUi.
HALE'S. I HALE'S. . . , \ HALE'S. | HALE'S. •'.'¦..:> ¦ .,. .'.'¦., |, HALE'S. . - j nALE'S. \ BALE'S.
-"-'^-^f^ '"" /fi'0Shr- '{ m jl&X*? Spring Underwear
1^ %* W Ly I WS r^>^C * " " £&J^^^Wm\\ WkiW V. W One of America ' s hi S underwear firms let Hale's have it under-
d . • I = T^^^^^^^W^wll M^F price— Hale's turn it on to you same way to-morrow, first time.
Beautifully Set Forth at Male's This Week ( W$f^k, ~\^sl^^, 2$c vest* ore i6co*disc.
It's the opening: spring; display. An occasion that always plays an important part in \^^(j\\^h (u &zL ' •' Many 50c ones are 29c.
feminine life. One women have come to wait for. Here they may in one visit receive all L^f/l( ))/ SA ' /^^^^^^^ i^^^^^9\\w^ 7 >c ones are 35c.
of fashion's messages ; get a concrete, comprehensive idea of what's to be worn; meet fash- \*)//sy\ A -*/kJ! /
ion face to face in all her phases. An interesting time, indeed. First, look at the riiagnifi- \\)\K\\ ' 'wf/t 1 ' m^v \^ And a lot of children's 2$c' garments are 16c.
cent window display. The entire Market-street front is one great fashion mirror— a reflec- v\ \\Ayj/ - }/,\i Fllr 4 < A Thprp's a hean mor? intpre«;t ahont eich orice than you'll
tion of Paris and New York styles. But go to the salons on the second floor. You'll think )) <^(( ¦ T? \ |1 : ; . \ '.£ h £* S \J«f P "J°" J" tc " s * 1 ,*, 5n we win? vou to
you arc out in the garden. There is the stone wall, its swinging gates, the climbing (( T)U -^ 11 catch here We ye had to hold ourselves in— ve want you to
ivy and morning glories— there the wooded trees and the daisies and buttercups and .. CA '¦¦'¦'•', '¦'¦¦' 11' expert much— we know you 11 get more.
mosses-oh, where does nature stop and merchandise begin! The cleverest decoration & \ :::..: || 1 Ri^ t J you want it most-when you're most
fcheme we've seen in San Hancisco. You must see it-catch its life and inspiration. ... ; 1 1 • , I willing to pay full prices-you'll pay one-third and one-half less
_-^ • m /I • 1 fl • IT* ¦ m 4 -fl s~+ j • - • I'M I \ ' ' if you buy at Hale's Monday; get spring weight underwear and
I— < l\f\ fl I E 1 Tt £* f*"^/ 1 51 I'l i~\ f*^/1 I 4~\ CT" 1 1 t^V Gk ¦¦'¦ IB I l\l\ garments unheard of usually at less than full prices.
JCrd^LCr iVlIIIlilCry I ClIItJreUWOSlUlTieS 11 ¦ 1\ Here's the Secret laid bare The more yon know of underwear the
w { / '.•¦-. I M I 1\\\\ neres me secret iam Dare — more lt wlll ' mean . scott Bros.. on» of
nicnloirAri TUa d<fl C n f.+A« r\;^^»l«^r TU!- 117.^1, g 1 ' oWfi\ . America's oldest and biggest underwear firms, decided to retire. They had
UlSpiayeU Hie rUll CaSter LllSplay lnlS Week I i '\ lfi|\\ earned their rest— they could afford to take It Quickness was the main thoaght
_ _ . ~ . , a O ,, ; , . -*r . ¦.•-•• « . 1 a / ia\\\ with them. The bigger the store they turned to the quicker they'd get out. Our
— From Parts — rrcm L.onaon * K _. i\j~«.~~ T ly O772& 11 S ' jWiSSe? ; I H f tta\\\ big bu y ln^ wasn't new to them — they weren't new to us. A loss was profit la
r r/im AVi,, V^rA Frftn Aj/r n-rn nrillinrrs nai i^Otet> u "' l '" / * '~~,"X 71?A' '. I CT / Bwl}\ the time it gained — that's the story. ,
rrcmi\ev. lcr/z j rcm our oun miumers Low crovnE: wl< i e Varied; beautiful ; practical. ' H U / MttH"" Not a bargain garment In the lot— but every garment a rare bargain, and all
The box covers are lifted to-morrow. rtn - ; Those are the keynotes that will strike respon- A | I \ % \. ''"SfrtfS^ fdea e o^ffcesr ay ' Monday -
You've had peeps now and then but t^ ch ' m %unlZ sive chords in every feminine heart. It's a showing M-W $k V ' 16 Vests- Value 2-c aor VmM- Value coc
come this week for die first long satisfying r h «de.. from paie^to characteristic of Hale's and Hale's retailing. ; rU • |U M%k %N. „„. ° f/ v . a *? '^,2 JlSi wwfi n^'hieh
. . deep. champagne | .- b / J%>m meg _ Mi i\\vV V^V Ribbed and shaped, white cotton Swiss ribbed, white lisle, nlga
K - shade is good and biu». \ 1 He Styles are distinctive — dirtereilt from anv -^M / Tj • yB&$0&J**\ \Vv^\ X^V^c ones> low neck - short sleeves, silk necks, long sleeves, fine sheer quality;
What a feast for the eyes and the fancy. several Paris haw : you'll see any place else. . ' ' ¦ ¦. • : // M ' -WWl \\\ AW^ -~%v trlmming ' - ?ir VSlSSrf V^tq-Valii^ -»cc
Your pocketbook will rejoice as much over b ™ o-Hch_piu me , And then SQ many of them _ , S^mA i It It J / 11^^. W\ i l8c Vests : VaIue 2 5 C - 35 ver^ IK HH YS£ .'Z^cJ 5^
it as your heart. It's to be a value-giving j vor f d ce trSn K are fa ' With a winsomeness peculiarly their, 'own- 9 M tW5&^\\ on?i bbe h1g a h nd neck?. e<1 'ion W g hlt o e r c s °no°r? Sue Ves ' sllk trimmtas: plnk and Sky
occasion as well as a style-giving one. Of ' TlBW 7^ d liJht , dresses' that seem to be adaptable; to one; V so !"fit- \^Jl^^^ Mi 8leeves ' pearl buttons « covered 8eams - 16c Children's Garments: •
course here are the models at S25 in tens, en up most of the hats. ting"; so just what one wants. % 5% s=^« =s ==^^v/ 2 9 C V ests: Value 50c. -- Value 25c.
but the ponular priced ones are in thou- . " straw roses u an- It's the way Hale's buy that does~it. - ~ •'^ ~M.!jB&' ». Man 7 sty 168 / either ribbed or Ribbed and shaped ones, white eot-
, c o -- e- A CQ ; * '¦¦" rth<>r new feature. i Vn , -. ... J . . T| tKm -^^^^f^/\ yDJl***'^' shaperl; mercerized or sllk trimmlnj?. ton vests, hleh necka. long or short
sands. §4-7^, $5.50 and Se.OO. Moss U one of the VVe know What VOU like and we can buv SO many == °* s s^'<Sr<Y^? i - r ** wlth.lowjjecks.no sleeves; pinks, sleeves; pants, knee length, laca
Eresh, pretty styles for early wear. In- of them (for all these six" stores) that the-tailor can afford to make ' „ = I2^C blUes and -"- tr1mmed: 8lzes 6 to 13 ycars -
expensive enough to allow one to have three S^in'Snt^o?^^ them t0 our or^r— and make them for less. money, too, than single Tray Cloths p 1 a 'i nor
of them in a season for what one would coior-exqui^e. stores would think of paying for common styles.; . 'Solashers stamped tray-, W/ o & W nMncc? CL4- n *-£-P
ordinarily cost A °U^o™ H you have never tested our suit stock do it now. • . = £ ===== cloths' and WClJSIl JL/lCfeo aZ^LUIIjS
As the spring hats are perishable (sun f^Ufi '„ n h X S women s costumes $15 to $75. , \ splashers, all of mummy linen, - w - tU u ., • . . . f
fades them) oL really needs a change. SSgS^iK« Mlsses costumes $14.75, $16.50, $18.75, $20.00, $22.50. " nicely. f ringed. That's the liveliest With a beauty they never had before
' •¦ b c.r nnf >\ m ? t aVO. . ,^ .«? offer in a long while, one that Look at this new figured voile ; a soft, rich, dressy stuff for
£%$ \°° k /' J hC ™ dium -P rice , d , on^ s - if^^S T. B i * M^ffn ue 555S^;^iraSS T%S lu JSSi&£r!!&-- 1 SSSSi g&k UP largC buying - summer frocks ' in *&*^ nd medi « m shad «, relieved with bright
%F?n£p,J£: affi^SKS^MSSfiSaS itSS^S^^S^SSXSi p Dresser Scarfs. Persian figures printed in. 45c yard.
cates of New \ork models; made of good - «» e » rlal f Io r r a n r f 8 8 H * n B d of Persian trimming to match the cia)iy B wilh a Military teSd run- Pretty, serviceable pieces in plain Mcrceri-ed Foulards— Tirewer than ever in wrfit&lwH *f
materials and in beautiful colorings. Some ffi P l^Tur w^f h »nH enm V ., i ?„ *«. ning from the collar, over the white, swiss grounds with scalloped Mcrcen~ea t ouiaras uressier man e\er, in various watered ef-
Of these we've gotten up to Sell for $7.00 5SS Pa P r7 9 Ct i^ S $W<80 wlth ?SSSffe a .. 1 SSS C SS. SSSJfc -Moulder to the cu«s. . , edges; neat, white embroidery designs; - feets. 45c A - ua
and Cioon-Innlv^ii-Wp <?2om one%ut hund^ds. and .„ ** capes; panel skirt. $16.50-Eight styles in plain cloths and Slze l8x 54 in. Flaked DltlllttCS— White grounds, With flowers Sprinkled here and
ana iOOK llKC we don' t believe thero 540.00— A nub etamine costume in black mixtures; those with broad shoul- . ~ . there' somethin? new and ouite handsome
Another <rronn tn <;pp- I are two of them alike. and blue; silk lined; trimmed with der capes and military buttons: ' -. - Good. jnerc, sometning new ana quite nanasome. v _
Anomer group to see. c . — .^ siik^braid^buttons and fancy white winning styles fetchingiy. worked NotlOnS Inexpensive. Figured Szvisses — In white and colors, with stripes, dots and fig-
Tailored Hats. . ] Our Paris Importations" p - \ •*• - Tivice Important. We are as proud ures in almost endless variety. They make the daintiest kind of
_ . /«•"¦ .. A dlspler of readiness and beauty f rarely • T« .1 j 11; II • C~* '. rt> t r— r\r\ y wi" ut «i t aj F'"»" dre^s«*« t er inr anA irzr
Ready-to-wear ones with severe equaled. Hats that come direct to us from I vV^IKina Si iltQ H\lS Oil S=S=5S of the qual ty as ' /- tt . ar . e5 f es ' *5Cf 19c ana 25 c.
lines but wonderfully stylish to go S^^^oK^'S lctllUICTU YVcUKing OU lib. CplOUU -.. we are of the low prices. Cotton Voiles-m ?\nn colors, some with figures some stripes,
with a'tailored costume It's the hat Eome diamond shape; others colonial. Then. lney compare with any we have seen up to $20.00. In fact, one Help's ir^ mnrA than m^tmo- lhc P"ntings show some of the prettiest effects this season, 20c yd.
to wear in unsettled weather; nojar^.g^^ every one's EiSer sewhiB nTeds Voile Cords ~ A winsome stuff, made even more tempting" with
trimminffs for the rain to .noil Si 00 i unltPd on - colors start wlth champagne ft their style, at their dash and their tailoring that they are $1.^.00. The every one S caster sewing needs. brieht silk-like cords run thrnuo-h icr vd
trimmings lor the ram to spoil. $1.00 j fhl±lief d brown> th<m , vjolet fha(leSt redl . Jacket , s a 24-mch collarless one: sleeves very full pouch effect, oleated Basting cotton, 12 spools, 6c. „ , , D "? ttt s ilk - Ilk e cords run through, 15c yd.
10 58-OO- j f^TroSf d d^ D U€ ? o thf^^t^ 1 ' nK^fk : ir . om shoulder to elbow: the front is that new shield effect which, com- Un^ finished thread, white,. 4 Madras Gtnghams and Zephyrs— For shirts, waists and children's
T-V.1 \oA n '«"/-> T-T^fc contrast of colors, it's a blending of tones. j bined with the broad shoulders, is now so dressy. The skirt is a panel spools," 5c. dresses, ioc, I2}4c, 15c and 25c yard.
1 Oiciea Mats. . ar^V4^S/ tar^ n u^ Hc^ r e e j fr °»t with fan pleats on the side and carefully curved., to the 1 'bottom: Spool silk, 50 yards; black, white Now comes the special thing. All who hear of it will want to share it
The best quality, closely folded in chiffon?" »haded m'aiines with plenty of lace, come in mannish mixtures, black-and-white, blue-and-whitc and brown- and colors. 3c. to-morrow, f >-
the newest shapes Made in one of j £Efc I S f 1 «£ and " white - . . . / \ . Pearl buttons, white, lines 16 to 5 q_ fl ercer | ze( J Oxford CheVlOtS 3± 38c
\orks best houses. Black, ; as lone etemmod daisies rosebuds Shaded C**I r*l • 117 • rN : 1A An 24. 2 doz. 5j;. , t^VC. i ICltCIlZCU UAlUrU V-/1ICV IU123 clL OOW
broCA fnd e ««'' £ n ~ iSS^S^d 138 ««*^s?%kT?css!^si t- uS oi;k bhirt Waist Dresses $10.00 f&ilfe S M% 6izcs 2> 3 and 4 - ?, eavy white - ssssai^tS raised figures and st^s. m
brown and nan. ?3. /3 , \alue $ o .oo. 1 many word*. ,,,.„.' ° c ' Also mercerized waistings at 30c (unusual, too); dainty figures of white
Some S-pri^i Fir u/Prc A changeable taffeta, twelve different colonnRs. ,. : Finishing Braid <tt pC. with a soft- satiny finish.
oumc o. cciai ni;wnb We never heard of a readv-made silk dress for $10.00 before. But the * , r' t f |
French montures. ready to trim your hat. They're the very daintiest greater surprise is when vou see the dress itself, see its- dressiness. It yards to-the piece, fancy assort- — — "¦ "^—^— «— -
and- finest silk, velvet and muslin flowers. There are other kinds' of flow- has a ful1 blouse pleated front and back; even pleated sleeves and very •£?"., , teather - stItche a designs. TI-I1O WdJ/ C\fyf*i*fC* f\**f T2l—e>4-
ers, all the most sought for paiterns. gsc-each. Some of them worth * u "* The skirt is a five cored one. Children S Hose Supporters 5c pr. l.llld VVCvli V/ttUI5 V/Ur A IFoL
$2.00. None that are not worth more than we are asking. It>s one oi th e striking features put out for the first time this week. I n black- small" medium and large -^ n '» ; ¦ _
More New^ihhnn^ In n A , o i:-^^m&mm Great Veiling 5ale
ITIUI W l^WW ffXlUULIII^. 111:,. Lff1ft*C Af^T V/YHC.t«AC . orange, red and black, ioc pr. :,,,.;, <3
' :^v J .V. r . IX LI 54 O« jT%K L OUUdilCo Check cuffs, to keep the sleeves 7-00 yards fancy mesh veilings
A surprise w beauty, . • < - y ' -c-v V:Va5;^ * i":^:>;Vy>i ',¦':' trom soiling, ioc pair. . . . -^^ <£"^7^
A surprise in price We wil1 have a S cneral clean-up this week of our oddments in . Black Jet Pins 3c bx. (300 pieces).
x- n- r 1 * • * - ru S s and art squares. It will prove unusually interesting to Assorted sizes in a fancy metal box. fanrv natt . rn v _m_ / Trv^
Novelties— first showing tomorrow. housewives, not only in the city but the country. It's an opportu- = Some a half ™ < Pattern veils $£££gl&^>q-
Every one of them underrated, which seems strange to do the nity for any one who is thinking of fitting up a home for the sum- Special Offering. Some a third- dozen).
fim day they are out. Aren't Hale's always doing something mer months. >\-vX.- ] Aldl's Many, many 1 -1 \ % ''"^xN^^P^A,
strange in ribbons? Such strange things sometimes women are Rugs at 30c. Axminster Rugs $2.25. styles; all of 25c Yard— Regular 50c and 75c '
apt to doubt us. When they do come they invariably say wedidn't Not more than I0 °- Sanaford & Sons best grade of Ax- lls P enqers the . m 2° od ; a11 styles. Y0 t
make it strong enough Here's conservatism ' Ingrain weaves and made up in the mms . ter n '? r s : T1 ?ey arc recognized as desirable. 6sc Each— New "drop" veils, worth ' W^^f>CViSVj
cnou fc"- ¦" ere S consenatism. same designs as thc highe V. priced the best They have a fine deep pile 25c Ones at 12^ c. Sroo Si 2 ;and$iso 1^*
1 Look at this collection of 25c rib- r 1 rugs; colors are good. of splendid^ soft color schemes; some Strong elastic webbing, braided [ s» • , 9 > 3 m> o . j jtk
5C bons, new, clean-cut, stylish patterns ULC i> /- t- , t-. Thev^uallv^olrl fnV^r- linen ends; drawer supporters; strong • . **
-^«5 W in novelty ribbons at 2-c J *&^' ?I '5° Car P et End Ru S s at $ I - I S- 27 in ¦ ¦ • for $2 . 7j ' S12e 6^ x bucKles, , What could be more unexpected? More welcome? To find
F . ,...,. ' ' " ' \ -I ' Axminster and Brussels ends^with Ingrain Art Squares. 35 C Quality at 19c. the most favorite styles at the beginning of the season, in such
7} ~ : .... „ - . very neatly arranged patterns, splen- %~ -,!¦_* ~r/ \- Of fine elastic webbing, finished abundance, and for a half and third the price they are anvwhere
¦ Ac "SP bnlliant taffeta one, white on colored grounds with three rows did line of colorings; on both sides . t, ,f Z2 « V* ¦ ' with kid ends, patent cast-off fasten- else?
of black polka dots on white stripes; good 40c quality at 25 c; a% in.' are neat wool fringes. . tiw^iofek ers/ buttoned, crossed b*cks. * What woman will nbt have one to wear with her Easter
Second style- Smyrna Rugs $1.95. Close t o fac t O ry prices. 50c and 75c Ones at 25c. bonnet? These are the veils that lend the coveted air and dash
t x-" o • . j • :* ; ' ' « Not more than 100 of them to jro A tableful of samples, light and tn nnp'c annpiranrp
Is a No. 80 printed warp; comes in two designs of Dresden patterns; „ Some 200 of the best'grade all-wool Two designs: one of neat scroll" the heavy weight elastic; finished with kid toone s appearance.
.quality you would readily pay 40c for; 25c yd., 4 in. wide. Smyrna rugs such as ."usually sold at other a clever medallion .pattern The ;and calfskin ends; in fancy or mercer- Maybe you ve been admiring them and felt that you
Third style: $2-50, They -have reversible patterps, color schemes are in red, green and jzed webbings; extra strong buckles; couldn't pay $1.25 or $1.50. You needn't. Pay 65c — and pfek
Plain satin ground, all colors with three stripes of wide taffeta edged both Sldcs cxactl y alike, 30x36 in. some wood color. v made for beauty and .service. from even more styles than if you paid full price: No one would
with a- black hair line; the colored satin ground covered with white Jute Rugs $1.15. . , , " '''if en's i 50c Underwear 37 T / 2 c ever know you didn't pay $I.OO or $1.25 or $1.50.
pin dots, 25c yd., 4 in. wide. About 50. They're in Smyrna weave reversible natterns ! mjHc Cotton ribbed; Karmenta, In silver gray. r T^ t >- _, iir^ ,, _ . .'
•uaf^ken,, s,- '-hh •¦ , „• • *&& : %£&r* r of jute; " ize '"• ' ; The65c 'Drop" Veils
45 c;Ta"k d 1P / 5 " bbOn '" '° Vely c< » nbl "«' o " s = on-n.ad.-to Don « come late. , , . , : ... .-^-gn^ %E&%£titSi \ TheyVe chher for face use or hat drape'n,: S ix p,«« y sty ,« o f Tu,-
Two fancy ribbons at ; 9 c. i-r/^f JW • :¦>"*•**¦»**¦¦¦: . ;„ , Sj^tS.'^SSSS gg$ $££?$£
First a s-in. liandsomc satin liberty, covered with embroidered self- (SglsJMt^Mfff /Mf/ >,,-.„+ , _„ " "Prisoher-s white on Wack. black on white; i« i« and i« yards lons;'not to be
colored bowknots, all colors. ¦ '^^SBwifc^^^^ &S3>k. /la/ <T*V riUSiCatl5C c . " ha<I regularly under $1.00, $1.25 and $1.50.
"^^^^^Z^^^^'^Z lSrffl'&mW*&^tSb -lowers and PaimFIL- 25c .yd-Regular price 50c and 75c
the top to-day; it s a splendid 75c one, and we are not overenthusias- /M/ /£&/ V^gr -mezzo? Tuxedo meshes, plain and dotted; in hair-line or spider-mesh effects
tic when we say it; marked now. 3 9c. . /$&/ \ -*^^^ > "Lo^'s Reverie" (song). \ Also maline and mesh ideas : as well as Brussels nets; hundreds of stvU
bix-inch taflcta ribbons for Easter sashes, 20c It's no litrht OSSSI tUwtrffrffh dfnfh4hfh!% l^^ ¦ ' The pieces that are tnkins best at full ish recent patterns; some with chenille; others velvet or self dots; clus-
wishv-uashy one, but a good one in white, pink and light blue. mSf^ • prtcc^itj^a treat that tered in many pretty ways; black, white on black, navy and brown.
' " • ' ' ¦¦'¦ " - " •- -¦-- ¦'¦•>¦ : - .-• • ¦¦'..- . ... ,_ V . ¦ Still, Stronger light this week. • ; \\^—^^m^m~*mmm'i—^——*—^*——^—^m—i^mmmimi^m^m^mm^^^ m