War. News Continued on Page 3.
HONOLULU, March 13.— A son was
born on March' 10 to the Princcand
Princess David Kawananakoa. The boy
is the first male heir, of the Kalakaua
line to.be born for many years and if
the , monarchy were still in existence
he would ; be heir apparent to the Ha
waiian throne.
Royal Heir in Hawaii.
. ST. PETE RSBtJRG,' March 2 1 .—The
Novosti- declares that' : the" real jj secret
of the .British'Tibetan. expedition is the
discovery -of immensely .rich gold de
posits, '.Tibet . being : in '¦ ; fact a ¦ second
California." - ; .
Tibet I a "Second California."
Continued on Page 2, Column It
serted in Vatican circles that an
agreement has been reached for the
establishment of a nunciator in Ber
lin., Inquiry here; fails to bring out a
confirmation of. the statement.
Dispatch From Rome Contains State
ment, but It Lacks Con
firmation. .„ /
BERLIN, March 21.— The Bavar
ian Courier of , Munich to-day printed
a ; dispatch from Rome saying it is as-
MAY ESTABLISH A
U^iNUNCIATOR IN BERLIN
ST. LOUIS. / March 21.— Captain
Alexis Gregorian* of Caucasus, Russia,
Is here conferring ; ; with • the Worlds
Fair officials regarding, the exhibition
of -a- troop, of Cossacks during the ex
position. • He' has the permission of the
Russian, Government to bring the men
to the United States. In discussing the
Russo-Japanese war he said :
* "Russia has a i greater foe within, the
country, than the Japanese! "If she de
feats* the 'Japanese Russia 7 will still be
the" loser, ¦ as > war/costs ' money ; and ? the
laboring ; and ; student classes-are dis
satisfied and will not stand 'for taxa
tion." ; : -y ¦:'
SAYS THE CZAR .
FACES GREATEST : ~
1 AT HOME
FRANCE DOUBTS
THE SINCERITY OF .
' CHINAS PLEDGE
PARIS,.: March 21.— Foreign Min
ister Delcasse' has received ' a copy, of
SecretaryJHay's ;dispatch*from' United
States Minister Conger at Peking. : con-'
taining -China's ' assurances that r no
provocative action .will be takenby her
against either of; the belligerents: ; The
authorities"; here .have no doubt that
China"; is ."ready to} give assurances, but
they 'consider ;that* the : conditions' on
the Manchurian; frontier, are somewhat
at variance :with : these" assurance's. ¦ It
is held, that ! > General .•Kurbpatkin's
plans for a defensive ¦campaign*- have
given unusual '' Importance - to •; China's
activity. . . . ' ."-.; '"
If the Russians had "taken the ag-
ST.- LOUIS, March 21.— It is antici
pated that when the trial, of United
States Senator Burton of Kansas, ac
cused'of haying accepted money for
the use of his influence to prevent the
issuance of a fraud order against the
Rialto Grain and Securities Company,
is called in the United States District
Court to-morrow the defense will ask
for a continuance. The assumption is
based on the belief that certain im
portant witnesses, among them Post
master General Payne, who is ill, will
not be present when the trial is called.
Case 'Against Kansas Senator May Be
Delayed Until Recovery of Post
t'V . • master General.
— . —
tr!al of burton*
may be postponed
LONDON, March 21.— It -/as sug
gested in the House of Commons to
day Ahat the British Consular repre
sentation at St. Louis be increased
during: the exhibition, with the view to
assisting British trade. Earl. Percy,
Under Foreign Secretary, however,
pointed out that a royal commission
had been appointed for this purpose
and that therefore it seemed there was
no need to Increase the consular ser
vice.
i;ii;:1;:ih1V Under Foreign Secretary
Says That KoynJ Commission to
St. Louis Is 'Sufficient.
MAY XOT INCREASE
THE CONSULAR SERVICE
MONTREAL, Quebec, March 21. —
French residents of Canada who are
subject to military duty In France
have receded orders to return to
France at once for garrison duty. The
call has caused great surprise and not
a little excitement among them.
FRANCE WANTS HER
. SUBJECTS TO RETURN-
WASHINGTON, March 21.— The
House Committee on Judiciary to-day
voted to impeach Charles Swayne, Fed
eral Judge for the District of Florida.
The committee reached this conclusion
at a session lasting from 2 o'clock until
6. The vote and the details of the
charges which will form the ground of
impeachment the committee agreed to
withhold until the report on the case
has been completed for presentation to
the House. This report is to be drawn
by Representative Palmer of Pennsyl
vania, chairman of the sub-committee
which took the testimony In the. case.
Of this sub-committee Palmer, and
Clayton of Alabama reported to the. full
cdmmittee in favor of impeachment,
while Representative Gillette of Cali
fornia reported against it.
Palmer's report will be prepared this
week. If the House votes to Impeach
Judge Swayne two of its members will
be appointed formally to notify the
Senate, before which body, sitting in a
judicial capacity, the case must be
tried. The case against Judge Swayne
would be conducted : by six ¦ managers
who would be members of the House,
elected by that body by ballot for the
work. Judge Swayne, after the case
has been presented to the Senate by
these managers, will be given an op
portunity to present his side of the
case.
While the committee has . voted to
give out no details at present, it. Is
known that the charges on which testi
mony was taken include those of being
absent from his circuit, being a non
resident of v his district, imprisoning a
lawyer in contempt proceedings, im
prisoning the son .of a litigant also for,
contempt of court and refusing to hear
a certain witness in a case before him,
alleging that he would not' believe the
witness under oath.
The last impeachment proceedings
were the case of Andrew Johnson. Only
three Federal Judges have been Im
peached. The proceedings against
Judge Swayne if carried to the Senate
undoubtedly will delay .for several
weeks the adjournment of the present
session of Congress. If the Senate de
cides against Judge Swayne the pen
alty attached to the decision is loss of
his Judgeship.
LOCAL. OPTION* "LAW
IX TEXAS IS UPHELD
Verdict Against Man Charged With
Selling JJquor Without License
- Sustained.
WASHINGTON. March 21^-In, an
opinion by Justice Holmes, the-Unit
ed States Supreme Court to-day unan
imously upheld the local option law of
the State of Texas.. The case was that
of G. Rippey vs. the State of .Texas.
Rippey was ] convicted of selling liquor
contrary to the law and- the State
Court of Criminal Appeals affirmed the
verdict. Justice Holmes said that in
asmuch as the State had absolute con
trol of the liquor traffic within Its
borders Rippey had no case under the
Federal constitution.
ST. PETERSBURG, March 21.— The
Novoe Vremya publishes prominently a
Paris dispatch declaring . It", is .believed
there a ; triple ' alliance : between- Japan.
China and Korea has been formed,
which was the real object of the Mar
quis Ito's visit to Seoul. .
The Foreign Office gives an absolute
denial to the statement telegraphed
from here that Korea is regarded as a
belligerent. Russia, as previously ex
plained, holds all the acts of.;: Korea
since the declaration of her neutrality
to.be void, as Korea is under Japanese
duress, and unless the Korean Govern
ment formally notifies. the powers that
she has joined with Japan and -taken
up arms Russia will consider her neu
tral. Any Korean troops which.actu
ally impede Russian movements or join
the enemy •will be considered individual
belligerents -without reference to their
nationality. . * ""•'.
The statement that the Russian Min
ister at Peking has demanded the
withdrawal of all Chinese troops north
of the great wall also is incorrect. As
cabled, Russia has made representa
tions about, the number of Chinese
troops in the neutral zone, west of the
Liao Rh>er, j hot desi ring a force there
which -would constitute a threat, and it
is understood China has given-assur
ances on the subject.
LONDON, March 21. —A number of
rumors. are printed in the newspapers
here this morning, but they must be
accepted with great reserve." The Daily
Telegraph's Tokio correspondent cables
a report of the Japanese occupation of
Port Arthur after a combined land and
; sea attack on Saturday andSunday. It
: Is asserted that a division' of Japanese
landed on the Llaotung Peninsula on
Saturday and engaged the Russians
near Port Arthur, while the fleet bom
barded from Saturday evening until
Sunday morning.
The same correspondent reports a
sharp encounter at Changsieng, on the
Yalu River, about thirty miles north
east of Wiju, in which the Russians
lost 600 In killed or wounded.
The Daily Chronicle's Shanghai cor
respondent hears from Newchwang
that the Japanese crossed Tatung Pass,
forty miles from Haicheng, and that
collisions with the Russians occurred.
Reports from. Seoul and Tokio are to
the effect that Marquis Ito has ar
ranged to lend 5,000,000 yen ($2,500,000)
to Korea, on, easy terms.
According to the Standard's Tientsin
correspondent, China Is appealing to
the powers for an extension of a year
in the period for payment of the in
demnity growing out ; of the Boxer
troubles. .,,.-.. .
The Morning Post's Hamburg-corre
spondenUjsays that Russia has "pur
chased the 'Hamburg steamship Hafis,
.which is now at Vladivostok, for.$250,
000, and that the vessel's name has been
changed to Alexeitrapani.
FEARS ALLIANCE
BETWEEN JAPAN,
CHINA AND KOREA
XPTWCHWAXG. March 21. — The reports of heavy guns were heard this morning down the; coast, the
firing coritinning at frequent intervals for a half-hour after 7 o'clock. Apparently the firing was taking place
six or eight miles south of Yinkow, the port of Xcwchwanjj. It is believed that Admiral Makaroff made a dash
out of Port Arthur and engaged a squadron of Japanese warships, which ! were covering an attempted land
ing of troops. Owing to the hazy weather it was impossible to distinguish! objects at sea. A small squadron
of warships was seen yesterday off the western coast. of Liaotuug Penliisuln. biit whether they were Russian
or Japanese Is not known. It is believed the Japanese arc attempting, a landing In. force below Xcwchwang. '
SHANGHAI, .March 21.— It is hard to get '.-confirmation of the news but it Is believed" n great battle has been
fought In Manchuria and] that the Russians have been defeated. Several tralnloads of Russian wounded have '
passed Tashichiao, en route to the bawe hospital at Llaoyang. Reports have been' received, here that an action
took place near Tailing Pass: that the' Japanese crossed it. and that the Russians .were forced to retreat with
heavy loss. The way is now open for a general Japanese advance on Moteinllng;.. Tills place is held in force by the
Russians. Russian reinforcements arc concentrating in the neighborhood of. Xcwchwang.
LOXDOX, March 21. — The correspondent of the Times at Seoul cables: "The latest news from the front
precludes any belief in the rumors which arc circulating with regard to. renewed fighting. It appears that the
only fight which has taken place up to date was that. of which news was telegraphed ten days ago, which re- i
Milted in a single Japanese casualty. The Russians are slowly retiring. The total number of their troops south
of the Yalu River, it Is believed, does not exceed 1500. The unconcerned manner" in, which the Japanese are advanc
ing indicates that no serious collision is likely to take place In'the immediate future." * . ¦'•'* V - '•
gressive^ near the coast, it is said, the
.war probably would have been short
i and decisive,, but as General Kuropat
; kin'scampalgn is'based Aipon awaiting
the '-enemy -at Harbin'ahd Mukden, it
is \held i that . this completely changes
the military situation, requiring that
the Japanese push inland, thus giving
up their, strong - naval '*- support. *As
their land forces are comparatively
limited : for an invasion of Manchuria,
it Is the -belief in \ high quarters here
that | they will j Increasingly feel the
need of auxiliaries. It is not believed
that Japan will openly seek the aid
of China; but that China will be drawn
in> gradually by General . Kuropatkln's
tactics in remaining\on the defensive
in the Interior of Manchuria.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Probable Attack by Port Arthur Fleet
Upon Convoy of Japanese Transports.
The Lamorna ' is a vessel classified
in Lloyd's as 1000 Al. She Is of 2139
tons register and was built in Glas
gow by Barkley, Curlle & Co. in 1893.
Her dimensions are: Length, 284 feet;
beam, 42 feet; depth of hold, 24 feet.
VICTORIA, B. C, March 21.—
Wreckage has been found by Indians
off the entrance to Uclullet Arm, on
the west coast of Vancouver Island.
Among the wreckage picked up were
two bundles of paper with the address
of Douglass Malcolm, chief officer of
the British ship Lamorna. Other
wreckage found was some lumber, one
inch by one-half inch, painted white;
a photograph wrapped in papers, three
empty copper tins painted white and
other things. I
The Lamorna sailed from Clallam
Bay February 29 with a cargo of
wheat and barley.
SEATTLE. Wash.. March 21.— A spe
cial from Victoria says: More evidence
accumulates that the Lamorna Is a
wreck. In addition to the papers and
tins found, later information shows
that wreckage is being picked up all
along the shore from Cape Beale to
Uclullet.- »It includes oars, barrels and
other flotsam and points unmistakably
to a wreck having taTcen place. * The
Indians about Cape Beale are reported
to • have seen a large ship close In
shcre on Thursday during a storm and
it is more than "probable that its de
struction has followed. Possibly the
ship was overtaken by the big storm
of a week ago last -Thursday night.
Congressmen Vote to
Impeach Judge
Swayne.
BRITISH ARTILL.F.RT OFFICER WHO WITNESSED THE FIRST ATTACK' tfPON PORT ARTHUR. FORMER BRITISH NAVAL
OFFICER WHO BAILED THE CRUISER NISSHIX FROM GENOA TO JAPAN FOR THE MIKADO'S GOVERNMENT. AND
COMMERCIAL AGENT WHO WAS ORDERED 'JUT OF MANCHURIA' WHEN WAR BEGAN. ' ' '
Indians Locate Rem
nants of aMiss
ing SMp.
FEDERAL
JURIST IS
ACCUSED
WRECKAGE
TELLS OF A
TRAGEDY
Defending Chinamen against the
charge of Immorality, Lyttelton read a
letter from the Bishop of British Co
lumbia saying that .the Chinamen were
In no way a debauched community, but
lived quietly and soberly. There was
no evidence that ther-lmported new or
despicable vices. The policy of the Gov
ernment in South Africa, the Secretary
explained, was one of development. A
fair proportion of the product of the
mines would be used In maintaining: the
educational institutions, the Judiciary
and the civil service at the highest
standard.' The prosperity of British
Columbia and California. Lyttelton as
serted, was based on gold mines won
by Asiatic labor.
In conclusion the Secreta/y warmly
defended High Commissioner Milner
against the charges of pandering to the
mine, owners, and said he hoped the
Government'^ policy would have the
support of the House.
In • the course .cf the, debate of Sir
Henry Campbell-Bannerman's motion
at the night session Major John Ed
ward Seely. who hitherto has been a
consistent supporter of the Govern
ment, said he believed the importation
of Chinese labor would render the
Transvaal impossible as a white man's
country. He announced that therefore
he had to-day tendered his resignation
Colonial Secretary Lyttelton, reply
ing, indignantly repelled the allegation
that the Government was favoring
slavery. He said the agitation on the
part of the opposition was merely for
party purposes; but possibly the
statesmen of 1SS0 were wiser than the
distinguished gentlemen now occupy
ing the front opposition benches.
:.V DEFENSE OF CHINESE.
Sir Henry concluded with dissecting
the ordinance, laying special stress on
the provision to the effect that any one
harboring a deserting Chinaman would
be treated as a receiver of stolen goods.
If this did not constitute slavery, he
said, the difference was indistinguish
able.
In the House of Commons during the
day the Liberal leader. Sir Henry
Campbell-Bannerman, moved his vote
of censure, presented March 16. to the
effect that "this Hot^e disapprove the
conduct of his Majesty's Government
in advising the crown not to disallow
the ordinance for the introduction of
Chinese labor in the Transvaal."- . ",
Sir Honry said nothing the Govern
ment had done since the close of the
South African war had so sorely tried
the people of this country as its sanc
tion of the introduction of Chinese la
bor into South Africa. If the new de
parture was cot checked it would be
¦> source of future weakness, not only
to the Trar.svaal, but to the whole of
South Africa, it was impossible to con
ceive a greater departure from the
principles by which Great Britain had
hitherto made her way in^the world
than the importation of aliens as the
bondsmen of mining speculators.
The Europeans in South Africa, Sir
Henry declared, were by a large ma
jority opposed to Chinese labor, and
the object of his motion was to stop
the Government's policy in its earliest
3tase.
The Bishop of Hereford, interposing,
objected to the Imputations on the mo
tive of his speech, but Lord Goschen
declined, amid ministerial cheers, to
acquit the prelate.
¦ Lord Goschen- concluded with a
eulogy of Lord Milner personally as a
"faithful servant of the crown."
Lord Coleridge's motion was reject
ed by a vote of 97 to 25.
GOVERNMENT CENSURED.
John Percival, D.D. (Liberal), Bishop
of Hereford, severely criticized High
Commissioner Milner, who, he «aid.
was utterly disqualified to hold a high
office on account of his temper, which
obscured his Judgment, and the fiery
language which he scattered through
out his dispatches. The mine owners,
the Bishop added, wanted the ordin
ance, but the owners did not represent
the people, who were opposed to It.
Lord Goschen (Liberal Unionist)
warmly defended Lord Milner. He said
the charge that he was acting under
the influence of the mine owners was
unworthy of the House of Lords.
LONDON. March 21.— Chinese laber
in the Transvaal was debated during
the entire session of the- House of
Lords this evening on a motion of Lord
Coleridge (Liberal) that "this House
disapproves the importation of Chinese
laborers into the Transvaal under the
recent ordinance until that country
has been granted a full representative
Government."
"Before this, however, he had al
ready given a trust deed to E. B.
How as trustee to secure possible
thortages. Upon further investigation
by the National Bank Examiner a fur
ther shortage was discovered by him.
Upon the latter's advice the directors
made this good to the bank and the
entire satisfaction of the National
Bank Examiner."
Immediately after the issuance of
this statement a warrant for Hayis*
arrest was placed in the bands of
Sheriff Coburn, but some, of Hays'
friends had informed him and he could
rot be found. To-morrow the direct
ors intimate that there will be other
charges as the basis of additional war
rants.
The following official statement was
issued to-night at midnight by the
b^ard of directors as to the shortages
¦which have thus far been discovered:
"About the time of the resignation cf
Mr. Hays as cashier there appeared to
be a shortage of $5000, which sum had
boen r>aid to Mr. Hays but had not
been jfurned over to the bank. This
v availed to Mr. Hays' attention. He
secured this sum and paid the bank.
Afterward a further shortage of $1900
was discovered and charged to Mr.
Hays, who paid the sum back to th-i
bank. Subsequently further shortages
aggregating Jis.000 were discovered.
Mr. Hays was asked to pay this sum
back to the bank, but was. unable to
do so, but instead he gave security In
the form of a trust deed to A. A. Adair
as trustee.
til nee then Hays has been defying
those whom he said had been perse
cuting him. Meantime the National
Bank Examiner had been at work.
The result was the discovery of short
ages in the bank, the amounts of
which the directors refuse to make
public. The bank is fully protected,
the members of the board of direc
tors have drawn upon their private
fortunes for amounts sufficient to
make good Hays' alleged peculations.
They possibly would have refrained
from proceeding criminally against
Hays but for the credit of the bank;
but now that the warrant 'is issued,
the directors declare that they will
push the case to the conviction of the
accused if that is possible.
STATE3IEXT OF DIRECTORS.
Hays was until recently the political
boss of Riverside County, leader In most
of the social movements, a factor in
all public matters of magnitude and
the Beau Brummel of this section. Sev
eraJ months ago it was discovered that
in connection with the agency for the
Fait L^ke Railway Company he had
been connected with land frauds which
netted him many thousands of dollars.
Upon the discovery of his connection*
with these deals he gave to the rail
way company trust deeds for $12,000
worth of property, and later the matter
reached the civil courts, but Hays was
rever prosecuted criminally. His land
frauds resulted in the dismissal of Col
onel J. W. F. Diss as claim agent of
the railway company.
EXAMINERS INVESTIGATE.
RIVERSIDE. March 2L— As a result
of a meeting of the board of directors
of the Orange Growers' National Bank,
the biggest financial institution In
Riverside County, late to-night a war
rant was issued for the arrest of H. T.
Hays, former cashier of the bank, on
a charge of felony embezzlement. The
amount of the peculations of Hays is
not known, but that it exceeds $35,000
Is admitted by those In position to
know.
fpec:a! Dl*p»trti to The Call
Importation of Chinese Laborers Into
Transvaal Arouses a Tempest
Among the Britons.
Examiners Discover That Many Thou
sands of Dollars Have Been
Recently Embezzled.
Directors Have Warrant
Issued for Prominent
Man's Arrest.
High Commissioner Is De
nounced by BisHop
of Hereford.
Vigorous Words Used
in English Par
liament
Former Gasbier Hays
in RiversMe Is
Accused,
PRELATE'S
IRE TURNS
ON MILNER
CANNONADING OF WARSHIPS IS HEARD
OFF THE WESTERN COAST OF LIAOTUNG
SOUTHERN
BANK IS
VICTIMIZED
ronowt ma4« at flan rpaa
dsoo for thirty Hour* ea&bur
acldnUrU*. Xazeb SSI
San Tzmaelsoo and vicinity—
Goody Tuewley, possibly lijrnt
¦bower*; trvsh southerly wtada.
A. O. MnAPTTl.
The San Francisco Call.
XEX .TSZULTBXS.
Alc*x»r — "Vzxuii aL."
California— "ErUc of Sweden." 5
Central — "Tie Kin* of Detec
tives."
Colombia — "Harriet's Honey
moon."
Clmte« — VaudevlU*.
rischer's — "Tie Bonsdm."
Grand Opera-Hon»e— "Mary of
Maffflala."
Lyric HaU — Lecture on Wagner
Mmlc Dramas.
OrDbetun — Vaudeville.
Tlvoll — "Mr. Plckwidr."
VOLUME XCV— NO. 113.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, MARCH r 22, 1904.SALINAS, - Ma—' 21.— Harry/ A.
Greene, a Monterey capitalist, V was
this afternoon granted a divorce on
the ground of cruelty. The custody
of the infant child was awarded to the
father :.. .. . :¦ - .
Capitalist Greene Divorced.
¦WASHINGTON, March 21. — As re
ported to-day by the Senate Commit
tee on Indian Affairs, the bill mak
ing appropriations for the Indian De
partment shows a gross increase of
$2,179,213 over the bill as passed by
the House. It now carries a total ap
propriation'of $9,821,405.
Millions for the Indians.
A Guaranteed Cure for Piles.
Itching, Blind, Bleeding or Protruding Piles.
Your druggist will refund money If Pazo
Ointment falls to cure you in C to 14 days. SOc*
Californians In New York.
NEW YORK, March 21.— The fol
lowing Californlans have arrived:
San Francisco — J. A. Dwyer, at the
St. Denis; Mrs. C. S. Foltz, at the Im
perial; G. Grenzwig, at the Herald
Square: Miss Johnson, J. D. Johnson
and wife, at the St Denis; P. M.
Maher, at the Astor House; K. H.
Saunders. at the Marlborough; Mrs. C.
A. Veasey. at the St. Denis; H. Wal
deck. and wife, at the Holland; Miss E.
B. Wettach, at the St. Denis; C. John
son, at the Murray Hill.
Los Angeles — L. C. Mitchell, at the
Hroadway Central; C. Udell, at the
Normandle.
Missouri Republicans to Sleet.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., March 21. —
Missouri Republicans wllf meet here
to-morrow in State convention to name
four delegates at large, with alter
nates, to the national convention. In
dications to-night are that the pro
ceedings v.ill be harmonious and that
resolutions indorsing President Roose
velt and Cyrus P. Walbridge of St.
Louis will be adopted tinanimously. '
$1.00 Carpet 60c.
All the $1.00 Carpets will this week be
pol<J at COc per yard. All other Carpets
at Bam* low prices, at Pattosien's, corner
Sixteenth and Mission, streets. •
ARRIVED
Late Shipping Intelligence.
Monday. March 21.
U S stmr Solace, Singer, SO daye from Ma
nila, via Honolulu 7 days.
Stmr George Loomls, Badger, 105 hours from
Seattle.
OUTSIDE BOUND IN,
Mar 21, 12 p m— Schr Nokomls.
. r . DOME8T1C PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed Mar 21— Schr
Admiral, from Everett, for San Diego, i
fEATTLi; — Sailed Mar 21 — Stmr James Dol
lar, for Valdez.
OCEAN STEAMERS
LI VERPOOk— Arrived . Mar 21— Stmr Geor
gia, from New York.
'COPENHAGEN'— Sailed Mar 21— U S S
New York. •".
BOULOGNE— Balled Mar 20— Stmr Potsdam,
for New York.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived Mar 20-^-Etmr Can
oplc, from Boston, for Algiers, Genoa, Na
ples and Alexandria; etmr . Koenigen Lulse,
from New York, (or Naples and Genoa, and
proceeded. ¦
Sailed Mar "0— Stmr Prinzes* Irene, from
Genoa and Naples, for New York.
BRKMEN— Arrived Mar 21— Stmr ' Rheln,
from' Baltimore and New York."
CHERBOURG — Arrived Mar 20— Stmr, Kai
ser WJlhelm ll.'/rom New York, via Plymouth,
tor Bremen." and proceeded.' - ..
PLYMOUTH— Sailed Mar 21— Stmr Patricia,
from Hamburg and Bologne, for New York.
- NAPLES— Arrived Mar 20— Stmr~ Romanic,
for Gibraltar. Ponta Delgada and Boston. - ,
NEW YORK— Arrived Mar 21— Stmr Zee
land, from Antwerp.:.; ¦ - • •• •
REDDING, March 21. — A locomo
tive and six cars of the extra south
bound freight train Jumped the track
near Ager, Sisklyou County, this af
ternoon and were piled up in a ditch.
None of the train crew except the en
gineer and fireman were concerned in
the accident. They escaped unhurt.
Freight Train Jumps Track.
' Premier Balfour, who followed Major
Seely, was unable to secure a hearing,
the Irish members protesting against
the treatment of the major.
, William Redmond said that Balfour
should have insisted upon a respectful
hearing for Major Seely, and when the
Premier said he lyid appealed for such
a hearing Redmond withdrew his oppo
sition and the house again quieted
down to listen to Balfour, who in op
posing the resolution said It was a
question whether the Transvaal should
be allowed to go through a. grave com
mercial crisis rather than admit Chi
nese labor. Liberal governments, he
said, had in the past legalized, the im
portation of such labor for British colo
nies, and the opposition was now, reap
ing the benefit of the evils which their
party had produced. ; .
. Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman's
motion, by a vote pf 299 to 242," was re
jected.
Urgent whips of all parties had se
cured a big -attendance, and many of
the Irish members had hurried from
Dublin, where they voted in the bye
electlon for St. Stephen's Green, In or
der to vote for the motion. In the divi
sion thirteen Unionists, including Win
ston Churchill, abstained from voting.
Sixty-five Nationalist members voted
against the Government, the majority
of which was' rather larger than in any
of the several recent critical divisions.
SPEECH OF BALFOUR.
to his constituents, because he did not
think it fair he should vote against the
Government without giving his con
stituents an opportunity of turning him
out If they did not approve of his ac
tion. The conclusion of Major Seely's
speech was lost amid a tremendous out
burst of disapproval from the Ministe
rial side. .'
Continued From Page 1, Column 7.
BOSTON, March 21. — Reports re
ceived from various parts of New Eng
land indicate that to-day's earthquake
shock was felt in nearly all section! of
New England and the maratime prov
inces. The extent and severity of the
disturbance is said by astronomers to
show that it was the most remarkable
In twenty shears. Calais, Me., reported
that' buildings rocked so as to shake
pictures from the walls. From this
point to Hartford, Conn., including all
parts of New Hampshire and Vermont,
as well as Massachusetts and Rhode
Island, the trembling of the earth was
noted.
Scientists Say the Temblor Was the
Worst Known in Twenty
Years.
ALL XEW ENGLAND
. . FEELS THE EARTHQUAKE
PRELATE'S IflE 1URHS OH MILHER
In regard to the use of coal tar dyes
in foods. Bulletin €6, Division of
Chemistry, United States Department
of Agriculture, says they are more gen
erally used 'than colors of vegetable
origin because they are cheaper and
more durable. "The coal tar colors
are always liable to contain metallic
impurities, such as zinc, copper, tin",
Joad and arsenic, retained during the
process of manufacture, and which,
when introduced' into the food, even
in the small quantities they use, are, to
say the least, a source of danger."
HONOLULU. March 21.—Manufac
turers of certain brands of jams and
Jellies on the Pacific Coast have been
notified that their goods are adulter
ated and sold illegally in this Terri
tory- This information was conveyed
to them by R. A. Duncan, Food Com
missioner and analyist to the Board
of Health of Hawaii. He has also
asked the manufacturers to place
their proods on this market properly
marked in order to comply with the
law within three months' time.
Miinufaciurcrs That They Most
Comply With Law.
Hawaiian Authorities Notify American
DECLARE THAT COAST
GOODS ARE IMPURE
MARYSVILLE, March 21. — In the
city election to-day George R. Eck
art (R.) defeated T. J. O'Brien (D.)
for Mayor by 174 majority. The fol
lowing officials were elected: J. A.
Maben (R.), Marshal; T. J. Williams
(D.), Clerk and Assessor; G. W. Hall
(R.), M. Katzner (R.),.F. J. Dealy
(D.), James L. Hare (D.), Council
men; W. T. Ellis Sr., W. T. Ellis Jr.,
J. C. White, Levee Commissioners; W.
J. Bowen (R.). Peter Engel (R.), F-
R. Zumwalt (D.), School Commission
ers. A large vote was polled. The
principal contest was over the office
pf Clerk and Assessor, won by Wil
liams by 269 majority over Joseph P.
Single, his opponent.
City Election at Marysville.
Two other tawns in this section were
in the- path of the storm. According
to meager reports that are received
here to-night, houses in both places
have been wrecked and there may have
been great loss of life.
The grocery of J. W. Ensely, in the
business part of the place, was wrecked
by the storm. John Dolphen, a clerk,
was mortally injured and probably will
not live thro.gh the night. One leg is
broken in two places and he is inter
nally injured. It is estimated that 2000
windows were broken by the, storm.
HIGGINSVILLE, Mo., March .21.—
Fifty buildings are wrecked, one man
is mortally wounded, many others are
hurt, the town is in darkness and the
streets are strewn with debris as the
result of a tornado and hailstorm which
struck this place late this afternoon.
The hail on the streets was a foot
deep within five minutes after the
storm came and some of the hailstones
were phenomenally large. Dozens of
trees in the town were blown down and
several horses were killed in the streets.
The sterm came without warning.
The wind and hail came first and were
followed by a terrific downpour of rain,
which flooded nearly every cellar in the
town. The storm came from the west,
traveling eastward. It kept with\n a
narrow path, at least the tornado por
tion.
Missouri Towns Are
Wrecked by a
Tornado.
Secretary Taft was heard at length
and as it had been generally under
stood that he was, a pronounced oppo
nent of the bill his testimony was a
surprise and 'discouragement to the
hemp and cordage representatives who
have been fighting the measure. He
strongly indorsed that section of the
bill relating to interisland traffic.
The secretary stated that in his
opinion the hemp industry would not
suffer under the proposed bill. The
only possible harm which would re
sult from such a bill would be to the
trade in sugar and tobacco, which, he
explairied, does not now exist, but the
Philippine Government and himself
are trying very hard to stimulate.' It
was because of his great desire to
build up the trade in these two prod
ucts that he advocated a reduction of
the tariff on them to 25 per cent of
the Dingley rate. He had hoped that
such a measure could be passed with
the pending bill. In the long run he
foresaw considerable advantage in
the application of the coastwise laws
to trade between the. United States and
the Philippines, as the employment of
American ships in the carrying trade
would lead to the introduction of
American capital Into the islands and
so delevoplng their resources.
WASHINGTON, March 21.— The
House Committee on Merchant Marine
/this morning closed the hearing on tht
Senate bill which exempts the Philip
rine interisland traffic from the opera
tion of the United States coastwise
navigation laws and applies those laws
to trans-Oceanic commerce ? between
the Philippines and the United States
after July 1, 1905.
• Special Dispatch to The Call
SAN JOSE, March 21.— But for the
coolness and prompt action of Police
man John O'Malley this morning Mr6.
G. Elaine of the Willows would prob
ably have been ground to death be
nealh the wheels of a Southern Pacific
ttain. Mr. and Mrs. Blaine had gone
to the broad gauge depot to take the
10:50 train to San Francisco. They
were a little late and started to board
the train just as it started. Mrs. Blaine,
assisted by her husband, in attempting:
to etep upon the car, fell, and in
Ccing feo tripped her husband. She
fell upon the track. Officer O'Malley
saw the accident and rushed to their
£id. He had barely time to drag '.he
woman from the rail before the wheels
were unon her. The steps were bo
close upon them, and he could not get
away without being struck- With
great presence of mind O'Malley
grasp<jd the womAn firmly and held her
down V.at upon the platform until the
Ftep had passed over her head and
body and then carried her to a place
of safety. Had the sten struck the
woman she would undoubtedly have
been dragged under the wheels. As
Boon as the thrill of horror which
prized the onlookers had passed the
efficer was applauded for his work.
Special DispatcTi to The Call
ST. LOUIS, March 21. — Professor
Edward Grumwald, Counselor of
Commerce, cabled to the World's Fair
officials from St. Petersburg to-day
Russia Will Send Exhibit.
Woman in San Jose Tries
to Board a Moving Train
and Falls Under a Car
Secretary of War Tells of
Coastwise I^aws as Appli
cable to the Philippines
Gompers. president of the American
Federation of Labor, who went to
Porto Rico with the intention of or
ganizing the laboring men on the
island, was among the passengers on
the steamer Ponce, which arrived to
day. Mr. Gompers declined to make
any statement as to the success of his
mission.
asking that the space originally as
signed to Russia in the Fine Arts,
Manufactures and Liberal Arts depart
ments be reserved. He stated that ex
hibits were being arranged for these
departments.
Labor Federation President Returns.
CFW YORK. March 21. — Samuel
DISASTER
RIDES WITH
TEMPEST
LIFE IS SAVED
BY POLICEMAN
TAFT EXPLAINS
ISLAND TRADE
Several Minor Changes Are Made in,
the Postal Service and War De
partment Issues Orders.
WASHINGTON, March 21. — Orders,
War Department — Paragraph 3,
special orders No. 13, January 16,
1904, War Department, amended to
direct First Lieutenant Richard O.
Rickard, - Signal Corps, Fort Gibbon,
Alaska, and First Lieutenant Alfred T.
Clifton, Signal Corps, at Fort St.
Michael, Alaska, to delay reporting to
Vancouver Barracks, Washington,
until relieved by 'officers of the Signal
Corps.
Following transfer of enlisted men is
made: Electrician Sergeant Henry P.!
Adams, Presidio, San Francisco, to
Fort Baker, California; Electrician
Sergeant Albert E. Jenkins, now at
Fort Baker, to Presidio.
Postmasters commissioned: Wash
ington — George Vetter, ; Sunnyeide;
George W. Kenriett, Miles.
Roy P. Doan, San Francisco, has
been appointed clerk ($1200) Cavite,
P. I., navy yard. Tony A. Coff, San
Francisco, has been appointed special
laborer. Hare Island navy yard. Miss
Maud Powell, San Francisco,, has been
appointed clerk Benicia arsenal, Cali
fornia.
Changes of official national banks-
California — First National, Anaheim,
Frank Shanley, second vice president;
| John Hartung. cashier, in place of C. E.
Holcom; Hartung continues as vice
president; O. Zens, assistant cashier.
Farmers' and Merchants' National
Bank, Los Angeles, I. N. Van Nuys and
T. E. Newlin, vice presidents.
OP INTEREST TO FEOPJLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
PARIS, March 21.— In the Chamber
of Deputies to-day the Government
again met with a slight reverse. Dur
ing the discussion of the religious edu
cation bill, after the adoption of the
clause providing for the extinction of.
the teaching congregations by the sup
pression of novitiates, Georges Ley
gues, Radical Republican, moved' an
amendment excepting from the opera
tion of the clause such novitiates as
were intended to provide teaching
staffs for schools abroad, either in the
French colonies or the French protec
torates
Leygues, in speaking to the amend
ment, dwelt on the services which the
congregations had rendered in advanc
ing French ; interests, especially in
Madagascar, and pointed out the neces
sity of .counteracting the influence of
British, American and Norwegian Pro
testant schools, which, he said, were
working In the interests oj their re
spective countries.
Doumergue, Minister of . the Colonies,
insisted that French interests would be
best promoted by the extension of
purely lay schools.
' Before a vote was taken on Leygues'
amendment there was a clamorous de
mand for a statement of the position
of the Government regarding the ques
tion, but Premier Combes refused to
reply, whereupon the amendment was
carried by a vote of 283 to 272.
John Ochsner of 112 Beulah street,
was walking in the park by the south
drive about 5 o'clock when he was at
tracted by the young woman's groans.
She lay with the empty acid bottle and
the note beside her. He hurriedly noti
fied the park police station, and the
girl was removed to the Park Emer
gency Hospital, where she died twenty
minutes later. Dr. Wilson did all in
his power to save her life, but his ef
forts were in vain. Miss Jalumstein
never regained consciousness.
The unfortunate girl was formerly
employed by I. W. Hellman, the
banker, as a stenographer, but was
compelled to give up her position on
account of ill health. She lived with
her widowed mother, and brother at
312 Gough street. Her brother, David
Jalumstein, is the proprietor of the
Jalumstein Printing Company of 310
Hayes street and a small paper known
as the Hayes Valley Record.
The unfortunate young woman had
been Buffering from illness for the last
year and a half, and had been under
the care of Dr. L. L. Meininger of 807
Sutter street for some months past.
Yesterday she wrote a. note to her sla
ter, Mrs. Sapiro of 664 Sixth street,
bidding her good bye and saying that
she was tired of a life of suffering.
The agonized sister immediately began
a search for the girl, without finding
her.
"Have my miserable remains cre
mated without the least bit of fus3,"
was the note left by Miss Estella
Jalumstein, a 19-year-old stenographer
who committed suicide yesterday after
noon near the south drive in Golden
Gate Park, by taking a dose of carbolic
acid.
Her Groans, as She Lies By
ing* Near Road, Attract
Man, IVho Notifies Police
Certain Novitiates Exeinpted
From G eneral Provision
for."- Their Suppression
LEAVES NOTE TO SISTER
VOTE IS VERY CLOSE
FrencU Clianiber of Depu
ties Amends the Helig
* ions Education Bill
Tired of, Illness, Goes to
Park and Commits .Suicide
Miss Estella Jalumstein,
COMBES MEETS
SLIGHT REVERSE
YOUNG WOMAN
KILLS HERSELF
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL. .TUESDAY,- MARCH; 22. 1904.
2
Send no money— simply a postal card , pivin t the name
•I some one who needs help. Tell me tne book to send.
Then I will do this:— 1 will arrange with a drunrht
near him so that he may take six bottles .Dr. Snoop s
Restorative. He may take it a month at my risk. If
it succeeds, the cost is >s.;o If it fails, the onif gist
will bill the cost to me.
. That month's test will show you what the remedy can
do. It.U the easiest Way to convince you. It is th*
.only way to induce all who need help to accept it.
. I make this offer to multiply my cures, and I am will-
1 Inv to trust the cured ones to »e fair with me. ¦
, In the past ia years 1 have furnished my Restorative
' to hundreds of thousands of sick ones on just those
•terms, and i<) out of 40 have paid tladly, because they
¦rat well. I pay just as willingly when cne «^ys I have
The remedy is my discovery, the result of a lifetime's
work. 1 have perfected It by watching results in thou-
sands of the most difficult cases that physicians ever
meet. I know what it will do. ' ¦¦• '¦
. My success comes from strengthening weak inside
. nerves, and rrty Restorative is the only remedy that does
* that. When in organ U weak I bring back the nerve
power which alose operates every vital organ. It is like
giving anjengine more steam. I give the weak organ
power to do its duty, and there is no other way to make
a weak organ well: ¦ - ;
I Can you conceive of a sick one who will neglect such
• treatment, when I take the entire risk? ',
¦ n~..«" ' ¦'"'? '.' V''ul •' Book 1 on Dyspepsia. '
Simply i «tate which . Book 2 on tne Heart,
book you want and ' Book 3 on the Kidneys,
address Dr. Snoop. Book * f . or Women. ,
fc.. Btan •d*~,J1 Book -5. fop. Men
box 863ft Racine. ( 8ea led). ; ,
Wl«. ¦¦•¦: _, rjook.O on Rheumatism
. Mild " cases, not chronic.' are often cured
vita one or two bottles. At druggists'
So a Sick One May Git Well?
Will You Write a Postal
DR. SHOOP'S REMEDIES.
jm {.'^Pil The enormous business we
J&\ have been doin & is tellin S even
M): vMIl upon our immense stock and the
iB '^r^l great shoe sale must soon be over.
Wk: ¥S£T J Thousands of people realize
I^<w^r5sffl s an( * are ta^ n g advantage of
— ig t^. s O pp Ortun j t y #
F 3 . F^. NOLAN,
President of Nolan Bros. Shoe Co.
Is Retiring From* Business
< ;- And the entire stock of high
grade shoes must be closed out
regardless of cost.
THIS WEEK
We will close out many short
lines on the bargain counters at
25c, 50c and $1.00 a pair. Also
about 400 pairs of Laird, Schober
& Co.'s ladies' $5.00 and $5.oo
shoes, smail sizes, at $1.50.
Also
1500 pairs ladies' fine vid kid lace noo pairs men's fine vici kid and
shoes, latest style round toes, pat- box calf lace shoes, latest style
ent leather tips, hand turned soles, toe we i te d sewed soles, stitched
h Re d^r eS prfc 6 e r S$5- $2 50 P" ce \o CQ
, all sizies, this week...".. 4* M#W ' > ' all sizes, this week... 4>fci»wJ\/
About 1700 pairs Johnston & Murphy's
men's $6.00 to $8.00 shoes; the very lat- #
est styles, all sizes and widths; this*
week at $4.50 and S5.00.
EVERY SHOE IN THE HOUSE AT REDUCED PRICE.
NOLAN BROS.
PHELAN BUILDING £*"J~SJE £££
PAINE'S CELEBY COMPOUND.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Officer Charles Timberlake— Famous for His Daring-
How He Keeps Himself in Condition— His Health
and Nerve and Power— Come Only From the
Celebrated Nerve Vitalizer and Tonic.
PAINE'S CELERY COMPOUND
B,t a i,w month* ag o the whole Mid- , ¦ .;. ¦ .¦ J itlZT^rr^^Ton
die West r:<:.nr with news of the exploit ? . ' ? apain. It brace.l mo u;>. I now fool like
of hr-ive oCicor OarUs Timberlake; per- j V : :. ; . : ; -: : ;; : •^j^^^^^^^v t .J a new man."— L. SHEETS, 223 Lehigh
haps the only efflcor who ever levied on a j : ''''¦'¦^''j/B^^S^^^S^^^^. * 4 Ave... Pittsbur&, Pa.
loaded gi.ii in the- h.-.nJs of a quick shot. ? \ : ; :| : '
Timlx-riake is noted through the Ohio ? : : < .': ? ' A DEOOPING WOaSAU. ¦
S U wrtt«!" hiS braVCr> ' and CndUranCe ' ?Lljf %k f Tired. Weak. fcuTTi.'. . C.lery Com-
c!nclnuati Fob C 1904.— "I have ?' WM. l?il 'V pound Made Her Stronir.
,...;, tlWi n~ * $#• m V Des Molnes. Iowa, Jan. 30. 1904.— "I
painoj in weight since 1 began taking i , :; : . KteMxjlij^ . Ml ,[ was feeling tired and weak and had been
]¦.:::. -s CVlery cV>»npour.d. It gives me , : . g^^^^^ : ::;^^^^^; . |||| 4 troubled with nervousness for A Ion*,'
Ftrengih and vitally, ir.ak-s mo eat well ? :.^:«p||g<|rci:%^ ' time. When I walked on the street I be-
. i d eleej well and keeps tiio nerve sys- * "?<v ' ?*•'% tame dizzy and felt that I was goins to
torn i:i pood cot Jition. Since I began its * J^^^«?^? " f : ' fall. I had doctored with the best pliy-
\', i have !..n stronger and healthier ?»» t; -'.'„. Bicians. but got no relief.
¦ • ,- QU Tim » *Sk8£s : $&&» . ' ¦¦ I had read of the numerous cures
, r,. I !.v. V,n ia year*. — Cha*. Tim- ? ||fMp^~. \ . • :,. made by Palne's Celery Compound, and
borlr.k.--. Court oi Magistrate Dumor.t. ? l^^^^^?-" 1 !! * ' finally decided to try it. From the start
? x " the benefit which I derived was marked.
? •SS^irawg^^^SS^v-- ' :;: ' Alter taking three bottles I feel that I
THIS FITTSBiraa MAW, TOO. ? ": : ' ;•• aKBSffiffilpVi: [' am entirely cured."— MRS. S. A. ADDER.
It '-Braced Hi:n Up'-Put Him en Hi* j .^^^^^.- >" . ! I * \*.Blood a^d'stomac'h'and'Hekrt' "
Tect Whe= He Was Eua Down and f j&L§Wlm3&£M$'- ¦ '' Jmm? ? and Ltuure— Liver and Bowels and <
S-ck'.y * ; J^^^ t Brain— the center of aU the MPE. ]
UlowhiK ny svstem to become thor- ?¦/'¦• J8^^^B^-: > >^MMMma ? HEALTH and VITALITY in the ,
Bleep and nervousness, the result was ? HSKHH& i^^^K I ? inff to it« real ¦onrce."
that I was a fit subject for the hospital. » vBBRBBuXmWWm888lmM£^& t f —I 'rot. Edward E. PheU>a, M D.. <¦
A friend of mine recommended my «ak- 1^^^^^^^^^ • &&. gJSSS^^pfflVSJS; <
ing Paint's Celery Compound, which I J officer CHAELES TIBI3EBLAKE. ? 4 _ 5" m _ pou " d ; N -. t
did, and afttr taking one bottle of your ->•»»??.••»« —— — ? .•««»»»» • ««.......«. ».«»«..«-
Learn how much better you can feel— Go to your Druggist To-Day—
Get one bottle— Feel just ONCE that abundant new nerve force made by
Paine's Celery Compound— You will NEVER AGAIN be contented with
low spirits and poor health. '\ '. •
Palace of Liberal Arts
The fourth great picture in colors of trje World's
Fair Official Art Series will be issued FREE with
THE SUNDAY GALL, MARCH 27
. , , ¦ *
With especial pleasure The Cell directs the particular
attention of its readers to the next picture in this splendid se- \
ries. It is an exceptionally fine picture in every respect. The j
ornamental features of this grand building, perhaps the j j
handsomest on the Exposition grounds, are plainly shown. j
Even the statuary is brought out clearly and prominently. The
color is most charming and natural. The surroundings are j
most beautiful. In every detail and as a whole it is a superb
picture! ' j
I
; . - - - A .. . . .. - , ¦¦;.,-¦¦¦ a..;-, >:¦ ¦¦ i !
I,', ' j . > *¦ " -' .¦¦¦¦-¦'¦: -v ¦' \: '¦•¦ : > - . " .¦ - ' . - ¦¦¦¦''¦ ' '"":. v-- ; '. . ' ".
PALACE OF LIBERAL ARTS.
With its sculpture crowned corner pavilions and arched
entrance rising majestically above colonnades of great doric
Columns, the Palace of Liberal Arts presents a most imposing
appearance. Situated most easterly of the magnificent exhibit |
palaces, covering an area of nearly nine acres, constructed with-
out, galleries, well lighted and designed to be an almost perfect
structure for exhibit purposes, it will contain the treasures of ,
science, art and industry, grouped under the head of Liberal j
Arts in the Exposition classification. I j
; » ;-•- ¦¦ - ¦ \ ' ••-•••'••¦ ; __ : _ ; »
Every Person in San Francisco, Every Resident of the Pacific
Coast, Every Man/ Woman and Child in the United States Otrzht j
to Get This Picture and Every Picture of This Superb Series.
J There Is No Charge for the Pictures. They Are Presented 1-REE
With the Sundaiy Call. Ordenin Advance . : : : : • ;
The Call Is Sold at All the Principal Hotels and News Depots and
by Stationers and All Train News Agents. Register a Complaint
!.'¦ if. You Cannot Purchase. a Call : : : : : : '*• *•*'I returned to the Wenchow and re
mained there until February 12, when
I got away on the German cruiser
Hansa. The Russian fleet went out
side the harbor each day af forward,
but saw nothing of the enemy.
"After the engagement I saw one
unexploded shell in a garden and frag
ments of many others. As far as I
could learn only one man. a Finlander
pilot, who was struck by a fragment
of a shell, sustained any injury. After
the bombardment all of the women and
nearly all the remaining Chinese left
Port Arthur.
"That bombardment, while a short
affair, was full of excitement and little
imagination was necessary to get out
of it all the thrills I was looking for.
The flying shells interested me at first,
but I soon awoke to the fact that the
fight was not mine and I took refuge
behind the hill.
"The following morning I went
ashore and at 11:30 o'clock the forts
opened fire, followed by a bombard
ment from the Japanese fleet. The
bombardment lasted only a half hour,
but it seemed an age. Shells flew thick
and fast and panic reigned among the
inhabitants. Chinese laborers packed
their little belongings and In scared
droves fled from the city. The scare
they received will not be forgotten and
while the war lasts Russia will have
a lively time inducing Chinese labor
ers to accept employment at Port Ar
thur.
"The torpedoes exploded several hun
dred yards from where the Wenchow
lay, but if they made any noise I did
not hear it," said he. ' "I was asleep,
but am a light sleeper and had the
noise been great it certainly would
have aroused me. The next morning I
saw the two battleships Retvizan and
Cesarevitch aground. It seemed then
that neither vessel would ever go into
Commission as a warship again, al
though as long as the Russians held
Port Arthur the Retvizan would be
valuable as a fortress. She was
jammed on the rocks Just as solidly
as if built there, and was well above
water at high tide. As she lav. her
batteries, had a wide scope, and, al
though seemingly a hopeless wreck, she
was still in a position to give a good
account of herself should the enemy
come within range of her guns. The
Cesarevitch, I understand, had a huge
hole In her bow. I could not see It when
I passed her."
FLEET BOMBARDS FORTS.
The bombardment of Port Arthur by
the guns of the Japanese fleet on 'the
morning of February 9 did little dam
age to property, but its moral effect
could hardly have been greater on the
noncombatants had the Mikado's shells
turned the Manchurian city upside
down. So says C..H. Browning, an of
ficer of the British Royal Artillery,
who arrived yesterday on the liner
Coptic and who was at Port Arthur on
the night the Japanese fleet made the
torpedo attack which opened hostil
ities,, and the following day, during
which the port was bombarded.
Browning was on leave and "just
happened" in Port Arthur 'at the in
teresting moment. Of the torpedo boat
attack he knows nothing from his own
observation, for all night long he slept
soundly on board the British ship
Wenchow. When he reached Port Ar
thur, which he did on the morning of
the attack, he found the hotels crowd
ed. Unable to find, comfortable quar
ters ashore, he accepted the hospital
ity of Wenchow's commander and was
sleeping while the Japanese torpedoes
were busy wrecking Russian .war ves
sels.
Captain J. F. Lea, the British navy
officer who took the cruiser Nisshln
from Genoa to Yokohama for the Ja
panese Government, also was a passen
ger on the Coptic. He is on his way
back to England, where he Is engaged
in farming. Captain Lea was decorat
ed by the Japanese Emperor and
brings with him many presents re
ceived from the people of Japan as part
of their patriotic "thank you" for his
services in safely navigating the Nls
shin from the Old World port at which
she was built. Captain Paynter, who
commanded the Kasuga, the other
cruiser, purchased by Japan from the
Argentine republic, came back on the
Siberia and Is now well on his way to
England.
M. Bechaere, another of the Coptic'*
passengers, was at Port Arthur on
February 10. Bechaere was the repre
sentative in Manchuria of a Belgian
syndicate and was ordered out of the
country shortly before hostilities com
menced. The vessel upon which he
took passage called at Port Arthur and
was detained In the harbor for several
hours. Bechaere saw the sunken Rus
sian ships, but was not ashore and did
not learn until some time later Just
what had occurred at Port Arthur.
Japan, according to Bechaere. Is the
most -peaceful place he ever visited.
Although at war with a mighty foe.
she 13 making no display at home of
her military strength. Bechaere visit
ed a number of Japanese ports, but not
in one of them, he says, did he see a
single soldier, an army transport or a
war vessel.
ALJi JAPAN" IS TRANQUIL.
thur was especially well prepared for
war. Of that, however. I should not
sp^ak, as it is largely supposition on
my part. Nobody is allowed near the
forts and there may be 'concealed re
sources ample for Port Arthur's neces
sities. I saw no more of war after leav
ing on the Hansa."
Eye -Witness Describes First Tor
pedo Attack and the Subse
quent Battle.
PANIC IN PORT ARTHUR
FOLLOWS BOMBARDMENT
BY JAPANESE WARSHIPS
WASHINGTON, March 21.— Rear Admiral
Jewell, who has been stationed In this city as
a member of ~ the ¦ naval exhibition • and < re
tirlns,boards, to-day was ordered to the com
mand of the Caribbean squadron of th» North
Atlantic fleet to relieve Rear Admiral Cogh
lan, who. is to be • assigned ¦. to an important
Troop Trains Crowd Railway.
IRKUTSK.Siberia.March 21.~Eight
een trains bearing goods of the Red
Cross Society have been . held up to
allow military trains to go through.
It is estimated that 4000 men are
reachiner Manchuria daily.
CHEFU, March 21.— A 'Chinese
squadron, consisting of the cruisers
Halchi, Hiylng. Hitlen j and Haishew.
under command of Admiral Tsah, has
arrived here. It # is understood that it
will proceed to Newchwang as soon as
the ice Is cleared from that port.
CHINA TO'SEND
NAVAL SQUADRON
TO NEWCHWANG
Smugg^rs Rout Chinese Regulars.
SHANGHAI, March 21. — The Chi
nese Government troops have been de
feated by a band of about 1000 opium
smugglers, under a leader named
Yuan, seventy miles south of Chung
king, province of Szechuan. The troops
lost sixteen men and the remainder
fled. The officials at Chungking arc
sending reinforcements to the Scene of
the disturbance
Vladivostok Squadron's Movements.
KRONSTADT, March 21. — The
Vestnik, the leading service organ
here, surmises that the Russian Vlad
ivostok squadron has gone to attack
Mororan (in Volcano Bay) and Otar
unai (in Ishikari Bay), both in the
Japanese island of Yorseo, where an
excellent quality of coal from the
Yorseo Mountains is supplied to the
Japanese warships. -
ST. PETERSBURG. March 21. —
Vladivostok papers, which have Just
arrived here, say that a member of
the Japanese consulate declared on
the eve of his departure that It was
Japan's ambition to drive the Rus
sians across the Amur, restore Man
churia to China and annex Korea.
The Vladivostok editors find it al
most impossible to issue their papers.
The supply of paper is practically ex
hausted; they cannot get up steam in
the press boilers, because the horses
which carted the water have been
taken; most of the reporters and com
positors have either been called to the
colors or have bolted, and no adver
tisements are being received.
TO ANNEX KOREA
IS THE AMBITION
OF THE MIKADO
Marquis Ito has been decorated with
the order of the Plum Blossom, usually
given only to royalties. United States
Minister Allen and Japanese Minister
Hayashi have received decorations of
the first class of Palkuk. Minister
Allen's decoration was conferred In
recognition of his valuable counsel and
long Intimacy with the Emperor.
Marquis Ito, in an audience with the
Emperor, urged the gradual adoption
of Korean reform measures, thii3
avoiding the confusion due to the pre
cipitate measures of 1895.
SEOUL., March 21.— The Japanese
have stopped Brigadier General Henry
T. Allen, formerly chief of the Philip
pine Constabulary and, now United
States military observer with the Jap
anese army at Pingyang. requesting
him not to proceed nearer their out
posts.
TOKIO, March 21.— A Tokio newspa
per published a report this afternoon
to the effect that a Japanese division
was landed o- the Liaotung Peninsula
on March 19 and engaged the Russian
troops In the rear of Port Arthur.
Ep*cial Cab!* to Th» Call and New Tork
Herald. Copyrtcht. 1304, by the New Tork
Herald Publishing Company.
TOKIO JOURNAL
HEARS THAT PORT
ARTHUR IS TAKEN
"In conclusion I will venture upon
one prophecy, namely, that the result
of this war will be for Russia a bless
ing in disguise. The policy of expan
sion everywhere, "at any cost and any
method, whether of arms or diplomacy,
together with Its upholders, will be dis
credited. The canker at the heart of
Russia— the corruption of her beauro
cracy — will be cut out. The statesmen
who desire to curtail military expendi
ture and to encourage Russian produc
tion and commerce will come back to
power. The Czar will push aside oppo
sition to the ideals of humanity and
peace that he cherishes."
NEW TORK, March 21.— Under the
title "The War and After" Henry Nor
man, M. P., discussed the probable
after-effects of the Russo-Japanese war
in the forthcoming number of the
World's Work. He says that it is most
important that one fact should be
clearly realized— that "it is. a fight for
the control of China. Korea and Man
churia are subordinate issues. The real
object is predominance in Peking,
bringing with it the ultimate domina
tion of the Far East, and in the future
headship of all the Asiatic lands." He
points out the probability of war in
the Near East, and says:
"Already the flames of hostility to
England are visible almost everywhere
in Europe— a manifestation which is
not at all surprising in view of the lan
guage of so much of the London press.
From the highest to the lowest modera
tion of language, respect for the feel
ings of other nations and a sense of re
sponsibility appear to have vanished
from many newspapers* Denunciation
of Russia is as' extravagant as lauda
tion of Japan is exaggerated, and is
making England a host of fresh ene
mies every week. For all this a day of
reckoning will surely come, for the pas
sion aroused against England will have
reached Its climax when. If this hap
pens. Russia having evacuated Man
churia, Japan requests the powers to
recognize the retrocession of Manchuria
to China and to decree the end of the
war. Then England is likely to learn
the result of her Asiatic conduct. :>:^:Z
"The next morning at 11 o'clock the
Japanese fleet moved in to within
firing distance and fired shells for
forty-flve minutes. The Pleiades was
behind the spit, but in direct line, and
the shells fell all around us. Our deck
was covered with pieces.
'•¦ ''Later tne Russians got their
grounded warships off the spit and
inside the harbor, where they now lie
on the bottom, practically submerged.
By working hard, they succeeded in
bringing in a" five-funneled cruiser,
which sank in the harbor the next day.
' "We had great difficulty in getting
away. We were obliged to take 300
Chinese women away with us."
'"They passed through the entrance
to the harbor proper, turned around
and passed out, going up to the other
coast until directly behind the largest
and best of the warships lying outside,
when 'they -turned and fired their tor
pedoes into three of them.
"The remarkable part of it was the
dash of the torpedo-boats through the
100-yard wide mouth of the harbor
and their turning around inside.
"The Russians j fired upon the tor
pedo-boats, but * apparently did no
harm. They' then attempted to get
their warships into the harbor, but
two of the worst disabled ran aground
on the spit and were in a sinking con
dition.
TACOMA, March 21. — A vivid de
scription of the first attack on the
Russian fleet at Port Arthur and the
remarkable dash made into the inner
harbor by the Japanese torpedo-boats
is given in a letter to the Tacotna
News from Allen Fairweather, purser
of the steamship Pleiades of Tacoma,
which had arrived at Port Arthur
with a cargo of flour a few days be
fore the attack was made. He says:
"On Monday night at about 11
o'clock we heard heavy firing, which
continued until .about 2:30 a. m.
Every one thought the forts were en
gaged in some kind of night target
practice, but in the morning, when
we saw two of the largest and best
of the Russian warships aground on
the low spit, we knew that something
more than practice had been going
on. ' .
"It developed that a fleet of Jap
anese torpedo-boats had come along
quitfi close inshore, flying the Russian
flag and giving the Russian signal.
They had passed right under" the
forts along the spit side of the har
bor and had passed by the patrol boat
at the entrance, giving the counter
sign.
TOKIO, March 21. — As a result of the
scries of conferences between the party
leaders, it seems certain that the Gov
ernment will abandon Its attempt to
create a salt monopoly and to place a
tax on silk and will make a smaller in
crease in the land tax than was origi
nally proposed.
The members of the Cabinet are
holding a series of conferences with the
party leaders, who have been explain
ing how the interests of the people
they represent are affected by the war
taxes. The Cabinet is endeavoring to
frame measures which will prove sat
isfactory to the people.
There is a. growing feeling that the
Government should not attempt the
immediate payment of a large part of
the cost of the war by taxation, but
that it should issue bonds and extend
the payments over a series of years.
A, vote of thanks to the navy for 5ts
victories off Port Arthur, which, will be
moved in. the House of Representatives
to-morrow, will praise the valor and
heroism of the officers and men and ex
press the gratitude of the nation.
Prince Pu Lun, the Commissioner of
China to the St. Louis Exposition, who
left Shanghai for Great Britain on his
way to the United States on March 14,
arrived in Tokio to-day. H-e was ac
corded an official welcome and was es
corted to one of the palaces, where he
will be entertained as the guest of the
Japanese Government during his stay
here. t^. n
NORMAN DECLARES
DAY OF RECKONING
AWAITS ENGLAND
JAPANESE DARING
SHOWN IN ElrfST
PORT ARTHUR COUP
TOKIO MINISTRY
ABANDONS PART
OF TAX PROJECT
NEW YORK, March 21. — The World
has the following from Tientsin: Ka
taoka, a Japanese merchant here, who
was a Russian spy, has been assassin
ated by being buried alive. The Jap
anese residents show great joy at the
fate of this traitor. The Japanese of
ficials disclaim all knowledge of the
authors of the crime.
American and British residents of
Newchwang, fearing the landing of. a
Japanese force and a conflict, are flee
ing from the town. Outrages by ban
dits outside the walls of Newchwang
have spread consternation among the
Chinese, thousands of whom seek
refuge here daily. By the favor of
Viceroy Tuan Shi Kai, 5000 bags of
flour have been sent tp Newchwang for
famishing European residents.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
JAPANESE TURN
BACK AMERICAN
ARMY ATTACHE
In the first place, wherever possible
frontal attacks on Intrenched positions^
will be avoided, If the Russians, con
trary to the expectations of the Tokio
authorities, determine stubbornly to
contest the passage of the Talu River
the Japanese will not assail the Mus
covite line there, but will simply for
tify and intrench their own position
against an invasion of Korea. Should
the Russians assemble at the Talu in
such numbers as to render the Japan
ese positions untenable the forces thus
ousted will fall back on the line be
tween Pingyang and Wonsan, where
a desperate stand will be made.
As a matter of fact, the Mikado's
generals expect that the enemy not
only will never reach Pingyang In large
numbers, but also that the Russians
will never seriously undertake a cam
paign south of the Talu. They declare
that if the unexpected occur they will
land their forces by sea In the rear of
the Russians, by which means they
hope to give the invaders all the en
tertainment they could possibly desire.
It can be seen from this outline that
the plans of the Islanders for the Ko
rean campaign are primarily defensive.
They will begin their offensive cam
paign elsewhere, possibly at New
chwang or a point farther west, on the
Chinese side of Llao River, or possi
bly on the coast of Korea Bay. They
hope in any case to be able to turn
back the Muscovite forces. They think
it highly probable that they can afford
to push on to Harbin.
LONDON*. March 21.— Military ex
perts in touch with Japanese autho-ri
tative circles predict that Japan's for
ward movement will be in full swing
by the end of this month. They say
that the ice is now leaving the harbors
at all favorable landing points and that
the Mikado's army is eager to get to
work. In a conversation with an ad
viser of the Tokio Government he gave
the following forecast of Japanese ope
rations:
Special Dispatch to The Call
He also expressed the satisfaction
felt at the more favorable turn in
American sentiment toward Russia.
As a sign of the times, Savburine,
proprietor of the Xovoe Vremya, was
sent for by Minister of the Interior
Plehwe and asked to moderate the
tone of articles in his newspaper con
cerning England.
ST. PETERSBURG, March 21.— It
appears that during the bombardment
of the islands in front of Dalny the
Japanese seriously damaged the Red
Cross building. The Russian Govern
ment protests against this as a breach
of civilized methods of warfare.
, One of the highest, officials of the
Foreign Office to-day said:
• "Without any doubt, according to re
ports received, the Japanese have made
use of missiles giving off poisonous
gases. It is not an idle assertion."
Special Cable to The Call and New York
Herald. Copyright, 1004, by the New York
Herald Publishing Company.
Japanese Traitor
Buried Alive at
Tientsin.
Poisonous Gases
Given Off by
Missiles.
Japanese May Not
Attempt Passage
of the Yalu.
The Baron does not believe defeat
will cause a revolution in Japan, but
he says it will result in endless changes
in the Cabinet.
The naval and military authorities,
the Baron said, were fully prepared
and the censorship began to work a
fortnight before the rupture of rela
tions, the censors intercepting all tele
grams between the Russian Govern
ment and its representatives In Japan,
finally, on February 6, stopping the
Russian note transmitted bj^ Viceroy
Alexieff to Baron de Rosen. That
same day the Cabinet held a secret sit
ting, ajid a few minutes after the sit
ting broke up the Japanese squadrons
put to Bea.
If the matter rested solely with the
Cabinet and the Elder Statesmen, said
the Baron to the correspondent, the
conflict would have been avoided, but
the Cabinet, with the object of embar
rassing Parliament, which had refused
to vote supplies, allowed the press to
stir up the Chauvinist spirit until it
got beyond control. Then the Ministry,
finding that it had to choose between
satisfying the Chauvinists and resign
ing, chose the former course, and war
became inevitable, the Mikado and his
counselors being dragged into the pop
ular movement.
PARIS. March 22. — Baron de Rosen,
former Russiaji Minister to Japan, who
arrived to-day at Marseilles, refused to
be Interviewed, but a correspondent of
the Journal who traveled with him from
Port Said telegraphs a summary of nu
merous conversations he had with the
Baron aboard ship. According to this
correspondent, Baron de Rosen said
that since October last the talk of war
had been general In Japan, the Chau
vinist party heating public opinion by
stating that Japan would defeat Russia
as she had defeated China, and would
be certain of the support of Great Brit
ain and the United States. The Mikado
and most of the Eider Statesmen were
opposed to the war, the Baron said,
and Count Inouye said the country
would be ruined, whether victor or
vanquished. Count Matsukata, another
of the Elder Statesmen, expressed the
same view, and Baron Komura, the
Japanese Foreign Minister, advised the
continuance of friendly negotiations,
but the Ministers of "War and Marine
were absolutely determined to fight.
ELDER STATESMEN
OF JAPAN OPPOSED
EECOUESE TO AR3IS
HEAVY cannonading was heard off the western coast of Liaotung Peninsula yesterday
morning, and it was the belief at Newchwang that the Port Arthur fleet had made a dash
out of the harbor to engage Japanese warships guarding transports. Japan, apparently, is at
tempting a landing in force below Yinkow for the investment of Newchwang.
So effective is the Japanese censorship that not in two weeks has definite news of land
movements been permitted to leak out. All of the Japanese forces advancing toward the Yalu:
must have reached the main position north of Pingyang, and the fact that war correspondents
were recalled from the Japanese base some days ago indicated that the time had come for the
advance to the river, where the Russians will make their first stand in force; but since then
the censor has succeeded in suppressing all information relating to the movement. No relmble
news of Japanese land operations in other directions has been received, although it is known
that -transports* have been constantly conveying troops to the groups of islands near the shores
of Liaotung Peninsula, which the Japanese have made their base while massing their forces for
British experts claiming to be conversant with the Japanese plan of campaign say that the
Mikado's generals will avoid direct frontal attacks. Should the Russians desperately contest
the passage of the Yalu, the Japanese will abandon the attempt and assume the defensive on
the Korean frontier. If a Muscovite invasion of Korea be attempted Japan \vill encjeavor to
land an army by sea in .the rear of the invaders. Having the command of the sea, the Japanese
will be enabled to choose the poinb-of least resistance for their land advance.- It is their belief,
however, that the Russians will fall back into the interior of Manchuria, leaving the Mikado's
forces in possession of the southern portion of the province. |
Persistent reports that a battle has been fought on the Korean frontier drift in from vari
ous sources, but they must be taken with reserve. It is asserted in a Seoul dispatch that these
rumors have no foundation, and that, with the exception of a brush of outposts ten days ago,
there has been no land fighting. . ¦ . . ¦
Despite China's renewed assurances to Secretary Hay, the attitude of the Peking Govern
ment is causing much uneasiness in Europe. It is feared that China only awaits a favorable op
portunity to take part in the war as an ally of Japan. It is reported that a Chinese squadron,
which has just arrived at Chefu, is to be sent to Newchwang as soon as the breaking of the
ice will permit. Inasmuch as Newchwang is now a fortified Russian stronghold, from which
the great powers have decided to withdraw their naval representation, such an attempt on the
part of the Chinese would be likely to provoke hostilities with Russia. That Russia regards
war with China as altogether probable is apparent from the fact that nearly one-third of Kuro
patkin's great army is so disposed as to protect the Manchurian frontier against an invasion by
Chinese regulars.
ST. PETERSBURG^ March 21.— The ,
following official dispatch, dated Muk
den. March 20, was received to-day:
"General Zilineky reports as follows:
The tmops are in good spirits and there
is no sickness. According to reports re
ceived from the frontier guards on the
t:ast*>rn Chinese Railway everything is
in order there. At Udyeni station Cap
tain Uksemoff, with seventy cavalry
men, has driven off a band of 100 Chi
nese bandits.
"The occupation of the towns of Anju
and Pingyang by the enemy's infantry
ar.d artillery Is confirmed. An Increased
movement of troops and transports on
the road between Pingyang and Anju
is noticeable. Thirteen of the enemy's
transports recently unloaded at Che
mulpo.
"According to reports there have been
no preparations for a landing near
Kinchow. All reports appearing in for
eign newspapers of the landing of Japa
nese troops at different points on the
roast are inventions."
Official advices report the concentra
tion of armed Mongolians disguised as
pilgrims at Vankuren, south of Lake
Baikal and a few miles from the Rus
sian frontier.
Captain William V. Judson, United
States military attache to the embassy
here, has arrived and will proceed to
the front as soon as possible to observe
the military operations for his Govern
ment.
In Government circles there exists a
strong belief that whether China will
observe her neutrality understandings
v.ill depend largely upon the result of
the first heavy land fighting. A big
victory by the Russian army. It Is be
lieved, will insure the acquiescence of
lhe celestial empire, but there are
crave fears as to what might occur in
the event of a signal Japanese success
in the early stages of the land opera
tic ns.
For th? time being the situation ap
j ".irs to be satisfactory, and it is cer
tainly much better than it was three
M«?eks ago. The natives manifest a
iiirndlier disposition than they did at
«h<^ beginning of the war; but the Rus
-,.:ns know the Oriental character as
no other Europeans do. They know
liow deep seated is the hatred of for
< ipners In China and that the only
;ir*>stijre of the Russians is their strong
arm.
The recent naval success of the Jap
anese has not greatly impressed the
Chinese, but if the Russians should
sustain a really disastrous defeat on
land the Chinese might suddenly be
iirouffd, with the connivance or even
with the consent of Japan,* against
Itussia and. perhaps, against all for
• •igners.
Russia's present plans are based on
the appreciation of the supreme im
7'"rtanr-c of the first land battle, and
no fighting on a large scale will take
' j'lace. if it possibly can be averted,
until the Russians feel morally certain
that they can deal the enemy a crush
ing blow.
General Zilinsky's official confirma
tion of the reports that the Russian
outposts abandoned Anjii on the ap
rroach of the Japanese in force causes
no surprise here, as such action is in
perfect accord with the Russian plan of
campaign. The Russian skirmishing
and advanced outposts, thrown forward
solely for the purpose of harassing and
worrying the Japanese'outposts, will fall
hack as the main body of the enemy
moves forward until the strong posi
tions at the Yalu River are reached.
The fifty miles of country between
Anju and the Talu is very difficult for
the movement of a large force. There
may be some lively skirmishing: as the
Japanese advance progresses, but the
Russians are resolved to avoid a deci
sive engagement until certain of vic
tory.
Simultaneously the fleet bombarded the
town and harbor. The action began at
6 o'clock on the evening of March 19
and continued until 10 o'clock on the
morning of March 20. Sixteen ships
were engaged in the attack, and the re
sult Is reported to have been the occu
pation of Port Arthur by the Japanese.
No further details are given and the
report remains bo far unconfirmed.
Armed Mongolians Disguised as Pil
grims Are Massing South
of Lake Baikal.
MIKADO'S FORCES MAKE
NO ATTEMPT TO LAND
ON MANCHURIAN COAST
SUMMARY OF THE SPECIAL WAR DISPATCHES TO, THE CALL.
JAPAN'S LAND MOVEMENTS ARE STILL CONFIN ED TO KOREA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 22. 1904.
Additional War News on Page 4.
Britons Send Field Hospital.
MOSCOW, March 21.— Altogether
5,500,000 rubles have been subscribed
here for patriotic purposes. The Brit
ish colony is sending to the seat of
war a field hospital with fifty beds.
VANCOUVER. B. C, March 21.—
The steamship Empress of Japan sail
ed this evening for Yokohama, having
on board twenty-four military and
naval Japanese officers returning
home for the war. including Prince
Nashimoto, who has been traveling
incognito as "Mr. Xagi." He ia a
member of one of the nine branches
of the royal family of Japan and is
a cousin of the Mikado. Another pas
senger is Colonel Absley Smith, who
goes to the campaign in the interest
of the British Government a3 an ex
pert on explosives.
Retnrninjr Home to Flffht.
"Whereas, there is now waging between Rus
sia and Japan a war that was begun by
Japan; and whereas, this war was -without
provocation from Russia and has been pre
cipitated by Japanrse ambition for foreign con
quest; and whereaa. there ha9 existed for a
lone number of years the warmest fripndshlp
and sympathy between the United States and
Russia, a friendship that Russia was prompt,
to proclaim both during the war of the Re
bellion and ih» war with Spain:
Resolved, That as citizens of th« United
States we deprecate Japan's unprovoked at
tack upon Russia, we extend to Russia our
sympathy and friendship and we assure her
of our perfect and unwavering confidence la
her ultimate success ami glorious victory.
At a meeting of Russian sympathizers
held in this city on Sunday evening an
executive committee was appointed to
arrange for a mass-meeting and the
following resolution was unanimously
adopted:
SAN FEAXCISCANS i
EXPEESS SYMPATHY
WITH CZAK'S CAUSE
"The Russians were really caught
napping. AH the harbor lights were
burning and every aid to navigation
was in place. There was some kind
of affair coins on ashore and most of
the fleet officers were attending it.
"It did not strike me that Port Ar-
3
ADVERTISEMENTS*
Special Sale of
Dollar Neckties
A large neckwear manufacturer who makes
ties to sell for $1.00 to $1.50 had a number of
silk remnants from his season's output. He
made them into ties for us — put in his usual
fine satin lining and splendid workmanship. .
Of course there are only one and two ties
of a pattern, but the assortment is large.
The ties are made into tecks— all tied
ready' to wear. The patterns are checks,
plaids, stripes and small designs; also Persian
colorings.
They are the same quality ties that sell at
•haberdashers for. $1.00 and $150.. While they
last our price is 50c.
. Out-of-town orders filled— -if your letter reaches us
before the ties are gone.
740 Market Street
ADVERTISEMENTS.
• fn the Spring your health needs at-
tention. The syitenr is overloaded
uith impurities which must be got rid
of at once or you're going to be sick.
Then the Bitters is needed. It will
cure General Debility, Spring Fever,
Nervousness, Stomach Ills, Insomnia
and Malaria. Try it.
. Money goes further in
Schilling's Best, a great deal
further ; besides the comfort of
feeling safe; you know you
are safe.The Chutes.
Gillo's Artesto,' the funny little au
tomaton from Paris that t draws pic
tures of people taken from the audl-
When you R3 East you might as well go the
beat way. The Overland Limited, with the
electric reading lamp in every i berth, leaves
daily at 10 a. m. and travels over the Union
Pacific through to Chicago without change
Better see 8. F. Booth. G. A., 1 Montgomery
street, and get a copy ol "Scenes From a Car
Window.' •
The ScenesYou See.
s Alcazar.
"Parsifal" continues to be the bill at
the Alcazar this week. .
Martha Washington Circle. Compan
ions of the Forest of America, will
celebrate the fourth anniversary of its
institution ; by an entertainment and
ball to-morrow evening in the Soctal
Hall of the Alcazar building. Admis
sion will be only to those that have
been invited v
Anniversary Dance.
There will be very few unoccupied
seats at the Tivoli while "Mr. Pick
wick" is on. From its earliest stage
last evening, the opening night, whole-
Bale, laughter rang In all parts of the
house. Teddy Webb and Annie Myers
were" responsible for a great share of
the fun. Annie Myers bubbled- over as
a robust, exponent of fun and when
Bhe laughed: the outbreak Was infec
tious:' Teddy Webb has never had a
funnier role. ' .
Apartfrom these the interest in the
Tivoli.
Fischer's.
"The Rounders" entered upon the
third week of its engagement at Fisch
er's Theater last night before a -large
crowd, r <
ence, puzzled patrons of the Chutes
Theater at both performances yester
day. Memphis Kennedy, the "musical
moke," gave an amusing specialty,
and the Fenz brothers, Tyrolean sing
ers, made their " first appearance here,
scoring a hit. Little Vera . Randall
was warmly applauded for her illus
trated songs, and Deonzo and Schenk,
the trick barrel jumpers and acrobats;
Lyne and Leonard, the "dancing na
bobs," and the animatoscope, showing
moving pictures of Young Corbett and
James Britt at their respective train
ing quarters, completed an unusually
interesting programme. The ama
teurs will appear on Thursday night.
YINKOW. March 21. — The German
Consul at Tientsin, at a meeting of
German citizens held here yesterday,
warned all residents of that national
ity that they remained at Newchwang
at their own risWand that in the event
of loss of property recovery would be
doubtful; also that If Russia were de
feated the recovery of losses, If pos
sible, would be made only after a long
time, but if Japan were defeated re
covery would be sooner. The British
residents propose to protest against
the indefinite absence of a warship
from Newchwang.
German Consul Issues Warnins.
PARIS, March 22. — The corre
spondent of the Figaro at Rome says
that the Japanese legation there an
nounces that repairs to the Japanese
fleet are actively proceeding, in order
that the vessels may be ready to meet
the Russian Baltic fleet. It is intend
ed, according to the information re
ceived from the Japanese legation, to
have the fleet in perfect condition by
the end of June, and therefore fur
ther bombardments of fortified places
are Improbable.
Japan Repairing Her Fleet.
Mary Mannering's diversified art of
dramatic expression is given wide
scope for effective play in "Harriet's
Honeymoon," the comedy in which she
opened a brief season last night at
the Columbia Theater. It \is not an
nounced that .the author, Leo Ditrich
steln, wrote the leading feminine part
to bring out Miss Mannering's best
methods, but if he had exhaustively
studied her varied- acting talents and
carefully fitted the lines and
ness" allotted the character he could
not have more thoroughly succeeded
in dofhg that very thing. Of all the
characterizations with which this pop
ular actress has regaled San Fran
cisco, that of the young American
bride on her wedding tour is the most
satisfactory— probably because it is the
least artificial. It is the naturalness in
most of what she says and does that
makes her portrayal so charming.
The scene of "Harriet's Honeymoon"
is laid at a German spa, and the story
pertains to the tribulations that, be
fall the bride through the misfortune of
her husband in losing Jheir; cash and
passports and the series of blunders
committed by an ultra-offlcious in
spector of police. To raise enough
money \ to enable him to * reach his
banker's the husband induces the wife
to pose as an Italian" cantatrlce while
he acts as her manager, and Just about
that: time the- Prince of the province
elopes with' a; -genuine prima donna
and Is sought by the police. Mistaken
identity ensues, of . course, and the
complications . eaused thereby ' are in
geniously conceived arid .dexterously
Columbia.
PARIS, March 21.— The Russian or
der stopping entry into Newchwang
without a permit is understood in of
ficial quarters here to be a military
precaution, due to the uncertainty as
to which of five places the Japanese
will choose for their first extensive
land operations. The five points are
the Talu River, Newchwang. Port Ar
thur, Vladivostok and Pigeon Bay. The
Russians, being unable to determine
where Japan will make her main at-
U.:W, are . making preparations and
taking precautions at all five points.
Keeps Russian Tacticians Gnrssrni;
Special C&ble to The Call and New York
Herald. Copyright, 1904. by th© New York
Herald Publishing Company.
ST. PETERSBURG. March 21. —
The Empress is serulingr an Easter gift
to every Russian soldier in Manchuria.
These presents will be personal -with
her and distinct from anything that
may be bought for the troops with
funds raised by public subscription
and under her control. The Czarina
will give tD each soldier a small ham
per containing, besides food, delica
cies, cigarettes and small camp neces
saries. Her Majesty has been known
to the troops as "the little mother"
and by this act of kindness she has
fully justified the endearing title.
Czarina's Gifts to Soldiers.
The piece. abounds in striking situa
tions, hairbreadth escapes and mar
velous rescues. The most stupendous
thing iii it is where the conspirators
kidnap the heroine and take her sky
ward in a dirigible balloon, from the
car of which she is thrown in order
that she may be dashed to pieces on
the earth below. Miraculously the
girl lights on a church steeple and
clings to the cross and she is released
from that perilous position and saved
by the King of Detectives, who has
followed the villains in a balloon of
his own. The scenic effect of the bal
loons ¦ racing above the clouds was
strikingly realistic and was followed
by thunderous applause.
Herschel Mayall portrayed the king
and richly earned all the applause he
got, for the role kept him working at
high tension, with lightning changes
every few minutes throughout the
play. Elmer Booth made a humorous
hit as a gentleman tramp, who be
comes a member of the Salvation
Army through his love for a blue
bonneted soldieress, a part in which
Myrtle Vane was the real thing. ¦ ;
MisB Lawton, as the heroine, filled
the bill admirably, while Edna Ells
mere, who made her first appearance
at the Central in the part of Olga, the
adventuress, proved herself to be a
clever actress, possessing grace and
beauty as well as ability. Henry Shu
mer shone as a prince of villains and
kept the king on the Jump all the
time, while a fine bit of Hebrew char
acter acting was done by Ernest How
ell. The balance of the cast Is in good
hands.
For thrilling sensation and spectac
ular scenic effects the Central Theater
reached the limit last night in Theo
dore Kremer's melodramatic master
piece, "The King of Detectives." The
king appear»-in a dozen different dis
guises, with a different kind of voice
for every disguisej and he enacts won
ders enough to put such rivals as Old
Sleuth and Sherlock Holmes out of
business. ' The play is a top-notcher
for the Central and a packed house
greatly enjoyed the climaxes.
Central
John McCarthy and Archie Burton,
the two 17-year-old boys charged with
assault with intent to commit murder,
were before Judge Lawlor yesterday
afternoon. The boys were members of
e gang of six who made a murderous
attack on Martin Kroger, a barkeeper,
who refused to sell them a drink on ac
count of their age a few weeks ago.
Lawlor allowed the two boys to go on
probation. They are to report to him at
regular intervals, and as long as they
refrain 'from drinking and conduct
themselves properly they will have
their freedom. Shouid they not appre
ciate their freedom and again commit
eorne infraction of the law the Judge
will convict and sentence them on the
evidence taken in the case.
Presiding; Judge of Superior Court
Adopts \civ Method With
Juvenile Offenders.
Henry A. Wolter, a laborer, aged
66 years, was accidentally suffocated
by inhaling illuminating gas last Sun
day night at his lodgings, 2828 Twen
ty-fourth street. He retired very much
under the influence of liquor at 11
o'clock in the evening and his dead
body attired only in his undercloth
ing was found yesterday forenoon ly
ing across the bed. Gas was escaping
from a partly open burner. The door
was closed, but not locked and the
window was open three inches from
the top.
About a month ago Wolter went to
bed one night under the influence of
liquor and shortly after the odor of
gas was traced to his room and he was
found unconscious, he having care
lessly turned the gas key open after
having shut off the supply. Mqdical
aid was summoned and he was resus
citated. On the last occasion, how
ever, Wolter had been dead several
hours when discovered.
Once Resuscitate*! Under Si;iiilnE-fV>n
ditions, but He Is Not. So Fortun
ate on Tills Occasion.
LAWIjOR PUTS TWO BOY
CRIMINALS OX PROBATION
IIEXRY A. WOLTKR VK7TOI
OF ILLUMIXATIXG GAS
(he scene painter's art is this somber
ly-rich apartment that is shcum.
Throughout, the pictures are of the
utmost magnificence, and play no light
part in the powerful atmosphere of the
drama.' The second scene is in the
palaco of AuIuh Flavius, to which Mary
has g-one to see the Christ and disciples
in the adjoining garden. A nobly beau
tiful picture this, rich, harmonious and
with a marvelous suggestion of solidity.
There is a street scene in Jerusalem
next, with, a finely picturesque crowd
and some lovely perspectives. All told,
we are unlikely to get again such stage
pictures for some time — and the light
ing of them must not be forgotten.
But all this is but the setting. There
is Mrs. Fiske at the heart of it all, a
worthy central gem, and she brings
others to the task of interpretation
that are worthy her company. Mrs.
Fiske's Mary is most potently convinc
ing. It is the courtesan we see in the
first act, luxurious, willful, but already
a-weary. She has begun to find life
ashes on her tongue. There Is a con
centrated bitterness of mood that
reaches the terrible here, as she doubts
love, friendship, everything to Fla
vius' younger ears. Her finale, as she
hears from Judas of the Nazarehe and
measures her attraction against his di
vine resistance, is a marvelous bit of
suggestion. The next act finds her in
Flavius' garden, curiously attracted to
-the Nazarine and his disciples. Her
opportunity here is in a Jittle scene
with Caiaphas, where the priest would
have her tempt Flavius to give over
Christ into his hands. She. is here the
incarnation of scorn, its quiet flame
seething over the footlights. Thla' is
the" supreme climax of the play. Here
Flavius. who really loves her, offers to
save Chrisj>from Pilate (the uncle of
Flavius) if «he will be his mistress.
Redeemed, Mary shrinks with utter
horror from the suggestion, but con
templates the sacrifice. Her struggle —
enhanced subtly, in its values, by the
charm of Mr. Gilmore's Aulus Flavius
— Is a piteous and superb spectacle.
Voice, gesture, face, all lend themselves
with brilliant sympathy to the picture.
Throughout Mrs. Fiske's Mary is su
perbly Intellectual, shaded with su
preme art— here it becomes most pite
ous satire.
As before said, Mr. Gilmore's Flavius
!3 excellent. He is graceful, reads his
lines with- fine intelligence, and acts
with charm and finish. The Judas of
the cast is unfortunate. Mr.' Bosworth,
who assumes the part, Is melodramatic,
theatric, and with a curiously unintelli
gent fashion of diction. Only once, in
his final scene with Mary, does he get
at the heart of the character, or arouse
the sympathy that the dramatist has
given ample opportunity for arousing.
Caiaphas is excellently handled by Max
Figman, and the rest of the roles are
all adequately taken.
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
SCENE FROM PLAY BEIXG PRO
DUCED BY MRS. FISKE AT
TUP GRAND.
Most interesting of Mr. Heyse's
changes in the biblical story is hjs
ascription of political motives to Ju
das for his betrayal of the Master.
Or rather, It is to .Mr. Winter that thV
insistence on this motive must be as
cribed. The German is yet. more rad
ical. Jealousy of the Christ, for the
worship of Mary Magdalen, whom
Judas : loves and who . has . loved him,
is the leading- motive" in the original
play for Judas'- sin. Mary herself is
made the wife of; a' -vile and
cruel Hebrew, from whom she
has at length .fled in despair
ilo her life of shame. The first
{ act shows her in her palace in Jeru
¦ salem and a magnificent specimen of
Clothed in potent verse, acted with
moving sincerity and power, the story
of the Magdalen was last night retold
by Mrs. Fiske and her company of
players, in Paul Heyse's noble drama,
"Mary of Magdala," the place being
the Grand Opera-house. The audience
. was worthy of the play. Despite Lent
— perhaps though, the theme consid
ered, because of it — the house was
large, and the usual Fiske house. There
were there those to whom the drama is
more than the toy of the hour, those
for whom it is of the nobler arts, those
; for whom it is the very pulse and tem
per of their day. For these, "Mary of
Magdala" has a high significance, and
to these— nay, for all there last night
there was in the chief interpreter an
exalted thrill of passion, a magnifi
cence of emotional artistry, that places
Mrs. Fiake rungs higher than even she
has before reached, that sets her'
Mary of Magdala with those other
passional epics, the Phedre of Bern
: hardt, the Santuzza of Calve, with a
[ larger wonder of passion purely spir
1 itualized. • ¦
| Not until the fourth act does one
! get hold of this deeper woman, but
! the preceding acts are then seen to
I have been most vitally significant of
i her growth. Nor until the fourth act
: last night did Mrs. Fiske seem fully to
j be herself. Then it was that the tense
j voice, in the preceding acts hardly of'
S the measure of the house, came clear
• cut and thrilling. Then, too — well, one's
j neighbor's wife was not the only one
; who swallowed things. Men choked
1 down something very like .a sob as the
I little woman in front 1 wept the Mag
, dalen's bitter shame. And the curtain
j went down on a house that kept rever
i ent hands as still almost as in church.
! Briefly, baldly, the German drama
tist's work is stupendous in scope, com
j polling in effect and nobly impressive
I In spectacle. Mr. Heyse tells his story—
; cr stories rather, there are two— In five
| actg. The form is blapk verse, that has
j been translated with keen poetic sym
; pathy by that most graceful writer and
j able critic,^ William Winter. Naturally,
it is first id wonder how much and
what of his sacred material the drama
tist has used. As the title implies, the
play is about the Magdalen, whose re
generation is its obvious theme. But
more powerful even in' its enthralling
suggestion Is that unseen drama, inex
tricably interwoven with the first, of the
betrayal and crucifixion of the Christ.
Through the veins of the first this runs
like a stupendous leit-motif. With the
same haunting impressiveness as in the
little "Passion Play" at Santa Clara,
i one feels the overshadowing presence
of the Christ, with the same uplift and
ennoblement of illusion.
Of the visible characters the chief
three are drawn directly from the
Scriptures— Mary, Judas and Caiphas.
The rest, of whom Aulus Flavlus, a
noble Roman in lpve with Mary, i&
chief, are all imaginary. The incident,
too, of the drama Is largely invention,
and felicitous, indeed, is Mr. Heyse's
mingling of fact and fancy. Dramat
ically his story possesses all the re
quirements of interest. The conflict of
emotion is of . the ' strongest possible
kind, the>plot is t>f the clearest, the
characters are drawn with utmost skill
and massed brilliantly, and the diction
is dignified and poetic.
The choruses particularly favor the
voices in the Tivoli company. There
are . no great difficulties to overcome;
the range is moderate and the tunes
have a pleasant jingle and swing to
them. The chc-rus this year is above
the average. It was used effectively
and never once ran away from the
baton.
In. the last act Annie Myers fell and
was/hurt so that after a dance she
limped to her position at one end of
the stage and there nursed a sprained
ankle. She will not be incapacitated,
however.
Arthur Cunningham was cast as
Tony Weller and Ferris Hartman was
Sam Weller. Hartman had compara
tively little to do. Cunningham's voice
came ou^ strongly in a solo. George
Chapman as Winkle had a very good
song that he went through with ac
ceptably. Nettle Deglow, whose star
at the Tivoli would seem to be con
stantly rising, has a small part, but
filled that well. All the company were
in evidence. Aimee as Rachel
Wardle, Bessie Tannehill as Mrs. Bar
dell and Schusfer as Wardle.
There was nothing the matter with
the stage setting. The first scene was
goc-d enough to call for approval from
the audience on its merits. In the sec
ond" act there is a rainbow scene in
which parasols and dresses, with the
aid of colored lights, repeat the pris
matic colors in inverse order,' helping
to make a pretty effect. People who
did not attend are assured that Ferris'
Hartman, Wallace Brownlow as Jingle
and Arthur Cunningham made great
havoc wifh the English inflection of
their spoken words, but the effort was
evidently too great for Teddy Webb
and he refrained.
initial performance was centered par
ticularly upon the newcomer, Dora de
Filippe. . Her first scng proved that
she has a voice that is very sweet, of
good quality throughout, the register
that; the' score called for in her role and
that she has: Style and Is chic. She
altogether filled her part, more than
acceptably. : Her. high notes are partic
ularly limpid .\,apd pleasing. . In the
laughing song with Teddy Webb and
Annie Myers she won her share of the
applause that followed. "Mr. Pick
wick" has. a'dearth of so-loa, but the
new singer had at least one good op
portunity to display her vbice. That
was sufficient to give her an imme
diate hold on the favor of the audience.
The motion made by the defendant's
attorney on Friday for a commission to
take the testimony of Dr. A. H. Gar
nett of Colorado Springs, Colo., the de
fendant's brother, was granted bv the
Judge. T>r. Garnett had informed the
attorney that he would willingly an
swer any questions' put to him.
During the attorney's remarks in
support of the motion he said that a
plea of insanity would be made for
the defendant and it was in corrobora
tion of that plea that he desired the
testimony of Dr. Garnett.
Nothing was said regarding the ap
pointment of a commission to take the
testimony of Mrs. Colt, who Is said to
be in Paris, France.
The trial of Alexander B. Garnett
for the murder of Major J. W. Mc-
Clung in the rooms of Mrs. Elizabeth
Hitchcock-Coit at the Palace Hotel
on November 25 was to have com
menced before a jury in Judge Law
lor's court yesterday, but at the re
quest of defendant's attorney a con
tinuance was granted till April 6.
Trial Postponed and Motion Granted
for a Commission to Take Testi
mony of Defendant's Brother.
"The explanation of the fact is that
boys are allowed to run wild; are not
given the same close guardianship that
is given to girls. Should they be
¦watched more carefully and kept at
home more than they are there would
be far less vice in the world than there
is. for as they grow older thev would
continue the good habits taught them
In their infancy."
At the conclusion of the address
light refreshments were served.
The speaker, who is one of the fore
most members of the temperance
union, gave an interesting talk on the
subject of "Morale" and explained
why boys as a rule are less rigid than
irirls in their distinction between right
and wrong morally. Miss Hollister
said:
The regular monthly meeting of the
Woman's Christian Temperance Union
was held last evening at the headquar
ters of the society, 132 McAllister
street, at which an address was made
by Miss Hollister.
Saye That If More Caution Were
Tu'~*n by Parents There Would
Be L«ess Vice.
WOMAX KXPLAIXS WHV BOYS
SHOULD BE KEPT AT HOME
GAKXF7TT WILL. MAKE
A PliEA OP 1XSAXITY
But the most convincing bit of work
done by the actress is in the third act,
where she is wooed by the prince.
Flashes of the woman who appreciates
the dignity of her wifehood gleam
through the artlessness of the Ameri
can girl unacquainted with the awry
morality of high-grade European soci
ety. 'When the titled roue attempts to
belittle the affection of her
spouse she Indignantly repels the innu
endo 'and informs him that American
manhood is beyond the ken of his kind.
In that moment there was a flash -of
art that made Miss Manneringjs Flavia
such a respect-compelling . personality
in "The Prisoner of Zenda."
It Is a 'well-balanced company " that
accompanies the star. Arthur Byron
renewed his grip upon the' favoritism
of the Columbia clientele by his por
trayal of the typical New York man of
affairs that could combjne business
with conjugal felicity, and Thomas A.
Wise made the pompous Police Inspec
tor Bock a' memorable comedy figure.
As the head waiter at the spa hotel,
Edward See was happy. Emma Jan
vier, as the American journalist
abroad, earned a fair share of credit
for her careful handling of an ungrate
ful part, and as the amorous prince,
Louis Massen was entirely artistic.
The piece is very nicely staged, each
of the three scenes being a realistic
picture,
worked out. By the folk at the spa
the husband is mistaken for the
prince, the prince for the husband and
the bride for the lady of the opera.
These folk, by the way, are variegated
and faithfully drawn, even to a New
York newspaper woman who la* scour-
Ing the Continent for scandals.
In the first i act Miss Mannering is
deliciously inconsistent as the petted
and pettish bride who fails to under
stand why her helpmeet cannot at
tend to her whims and caprices to the
exclusion of everything and everybody
else. She rails at him for thinking of
his Wall-street business " while she is
nigh, and he ingenuously asks her if. she
likes a good time. "Oh, yes; you know
l'do,".is.her rapturous. response. "Well,
it takes money to make a good time,"
is his practical response. But even then
she fails tb understand why life should
not be all. kisses.
"I did not experience excitement and
except that my tooth began to ache
there was a strange sensation of con
tentment the scenes of death,
which had no terrors after the first
shell had exploded. Suddenly a white
faced gunner pointed to a battery of
quick-firing guns half way down the
hill, which had been placed there to
prevent a Japanese landinsr. I ran
down and found the scene of the wild
est. There was a battle orgy of burst
ing shells and whistling fragments, the
smoke stench reeking the earth.
"One shell had burst among the gun
ners. A soldier was lylns disembow
eled and another had his skull crushed.
A third soldier was delirious and there
were splinters in his head. One gun
had been broken like a reed. It was a
dreadful sight, •with blood everywhere. **
In concluding, the officer says:
"After the battle was over Lieuten
ant General Stoessel, commander at
Port Arthur, pinned the cross of St.
George on my breast. But 'what does
it matter — I am In the hospital T*
(The foregoing probably refers to the
first bombardment of Port Arthur, as
the narrative says the Russians had
twelve ships In action.)
"What followed Is almost indescrib
able. The sea underneath where we
stood fairly boiled with the swish and
plunge of projectiles .and words of
command were inaudible to the gun
ners. I tried in vain to shout my
orders, while 150 guns belched In a
prolonged roar and shells were burst
ing overhead with a hellish crash.
The smoke and dust blinded us.
ST. PETERSBURG, March 21.— A
Russian officer commanding a battery
on Electric Hill during a bombardment
of Port Arthur has written the follow
ing vivid account:
"It was a clear, sunlit day, and there
was a gentle swell on the water. A
little spot appeared through the haze
on the far horizon, and then another
and another, until these spots were in
creased to fifteen. Nearer and nearer
they came, and larger and larger they
appeared, until, when six miles off,
there was a tiny puff of smoke and all
in the battery wondered where the pro
jectiles were going to fall.
"Forty fathoms below the cliff where
we were lay the battleship Peresviet.
Bang! A shell burst under her bows,
splashing the docks with spray. An
other puff followed, and a projectile
whistled overhead, crashing on the rock
behind us. Then a third. It was a
moment of terrible suspense. There
was a terrific explosion overhead. They
had got our range exactly.
"It was the signal for us to open
fire, and ten shore batteries and
twelve warships joined in the reply.
SLAV OFFICEE'S
YIVID DESCRIPTION"
OF BOMBARDMENT
Continued From Page 3, Column T.
Balliett was charged and convicted
of extorting nearly $100,000 from
stockholders of the White Swan
Mining Company by a scheme to de
fraud, in which the postoffice was
used. His trial occurred in Des
Moines, Iowa. After Balliett's con
viction the postofnee authorities issued
a fraud order against him and he has
been allowed to receive no mall
through the postofflce.
About three months ago he institut
ed an action in the United States Cir
cuit Court against the postmaster here
to set aside the order and release his
mail. This action is now pending on
demurrer. *
Letson Balllett, whose difficulties
with the postal authorities have for
the last two years occupied the atten
tion of the United States courts of
Iowa and California, has been grant
ed a new trial by the United States
Court of Appeals sitting in St. Louis.
A telegram to this effect was received
yesterday from the clerk of the Unit
ed States Court by Attorney Bert
Schleslnger, who presented Balliett's
case to the Court of Appeals Decem
ber last.
Manipulator of the White Swan Mining
' Scheme Receives an Opportunity
of Evading? Law's Meshes.
LETSOX BAL,L.IKTT GRAXTKD ,
A NEW T1UAL. IN IQWA
PANIC OF PORT ARTHUR'S POPULACE
WASHINGTON, March 21. — C. E.
Grunsky, California's member, of the
Panama " Canal Commission, arrived
here this morning and is stopping at the
New .Wlllard. "All members of the com
mission are now in the city save
Professor ' W: H. Burr and William
Barclay Parsons of New York. They
will arrive to-morrow and the entire
commission will lunch with the Presi
dent, t Those members in the city held
an /•informal meeting to-day and
Grrnsky called on the President and
paid his respects. The commission will
leave' for Panama next week on a tour
of preliminary inspection.
Senator' Foster introduced a bill to
authorize the President to appoint
John E. Phelps, late brigadier general,
a ijblonel in the United States army
and place him on the retired list.
Specif.! Dispatch to The Call.
The engineer saw the danger when
too late to use the brakes and the en
gine of the passenger crashed into the
light engine at the wreck and com
pleted the wrecking of the derailed car.
Fireman Mount jumped when be saw
the danger. Two of the wrecking crew.
Jack Funski and George Kuckson, were
Beriously injured, and it Is believed
Funski will die. The light engine was
badly damaged. The passenger backed
up to Mott and waited^Mitil the track
was clear. The injured men were
placed on board and taken to Sacra
mento. . The train passed Redding at
I'M p. m. The matter is to be Investi
gated by the railroad officials.
TEDDING. March 21.— Cantara, that
unlucky epot on the Southern Pacific
Railroad between Dursmuir and Mott,
was the scene of two peculiar and very
serious accidents last night. As a re
sult two tr.cn are dangerously injured
and a loct-motive is stalled in the Duns
muir roundhouse undergoing repairs.
South-bound freight train No. 221 ar
rived 3t Car.tara at 6 o'clock last even
ing. As the train started around the
curve near the ?pot v. here several land
elides have occurred this winter a car
near the end of the train Jumped the
track and sot into such a position that
the crew could net handle it. The
•wreckfr from Dunsmuir was sent up.
The 5uiuh-boi:nd overland No. 15, due
in Reddins at 10:50 p. m.. was three
hours la it and it was ordered to stop
at Sisj=on until the track at Cantara
ties cleared. One of the passenger en
gine? v.s.t sent down to assist -the
wrecking crew. Instead cf staying at
6i*son, however, the passenger proceed
ed south. It ran at ordinary speed into
Cantara. and there beinp no flag or
signal near the wreck no stop was
made.
F:>eoial DWatrh to The Call
Official Party Will Leave
ANext Week to Make In
spection of the Waterway
GBUNSKY IS HECEIVED
Mrs. Fiske Magnificently Portrays Character as Pictured
in Heyse's Noble Drama— -Tivoli, Columbia and
Central Present Plays That Please Big Houses
Damage Result of Disobed
ieuce of Orders and the
Officials Will Investigate
?
TWO HEX ARE INJURED
Passenger Train Crashes
Into Wreck While Crew
Is Clearing: Away Debris
Members of the Commission
Will Have Luncheon With
Mr. Eoosevelt To - Day
TWO ACCIDENTS
AT CANTARA
PANAMA CANAL
BOARD MEETS
POWERFULLY RETELLS STORY
OF THE MAGDALEN'S VICTORY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 22, 1901.
4
/ The Importations for the Year 1903 of \
Champagne
I werc 181 588 cASES
IGREATEH by nearly 20,000 cases!
ihaxv ihe importations of
any other brand.
v The Extra Dry of the superb new vintage now arriving J
is conceded to be the choicest Champagne tf
\ , pro-duced this decade. /
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AD y EBZISE2IENT3.
a Evaporated m
||B because It is mcst concentrated; J9f
pgi is most nourishing, jggj
y^l because richest in cream; tj§3
' 1 £'\ mc5t P er ' ect « ' • Bfc*
I H because most skillfull/ fig
J jgl prepared. §83
w£q Its purity is guaranteed rgJB
\ -Jk under forfeit cf $5,000 to |3gf
|H anyone able to prove BBk
jflm any adulteration In our sraL
MSB} product. WgfSp^PHILADELPHIA.' March<21.—The'elx, round
bout . scheduled for to-night ' between | Gus • Ruh-
Iln : and - Marvin •: Hart * has been declared » off,'
owlcj tu the non-arrival ot Hart. -
WASHINGTON. r*March. 21."— TheJ Supreme
Court of, the United States to-day sranted<tbe
petition of the United' States to: intervene in
the case of the State of Kansas vs.'. the State
of Colorado, involvings ihe. use of the water of
the "Arkansas River. ¦ . ¦
Albert Gunnison, 30 years of age, a
teamster for Aigeltinger & Co., who
resided at 323 Eleventh street, was
thrown from his seat on a hay wagon
yesterday morning at Van ?/ess avenue
and Eddy street. His head struck the
curbstone and he sustained a fracture
of the base of the skull. He was taken
to the Central Emergency Hospital,
where he died at 11 o'clock last night
Teamster Killed by Fall.
Edward Holgersen," the little son of
Edward Holgersen, residing at 2952
Twenty-first street, was' killed yester
day at Twentieth and Folsom streets
by being run overby an express wagon
driven by HaVry Corder. The boy .was
picked up by H.J. Powers' and taken
to the Emergency. Hospital," where* he
died soon after; his- arrival. ; Corder^
was placed under, arrest on a, charge
of manslaughter. .: .' r -
Child Killed • by a Wagon.
I The suit of August F. Meyer against
the'Golumbia Brewing Company, and
H. D. Ulrich and Martin Ulrich! di
rectors of the concern, 'for an injunc
tion^ preventing the interference by
the. defendants with his possession of
stock in the company was. argued and
submitted in Judge Kerrigan's court
yesterday. action is one of about
half a dozen brought -within the last
few -months to settle the . differences
between -Meyer and . Henry TIet jen and
the directors of- the brewing • com
pany. : J - '-'-.':
Meyer's .Suit in Court's Hands.
The opening of the St. Francis Hotel
last evening was quite a society event,
music, mirth and wine- adding. zest^to
appetites. - Noticeable among the tables
of diners was the- prominence of Moet
&.Chandon White Seal champagne.
Opening of St. Francis.
Marino Seardigli complained to the
police last night that he had been cut
during a row by a man he did not
know, "oh Pacific street, near Sansome.
Peter Landini, who was with the man
who cut Seardigli, was arrested and
charged with battery. He denied hav
ing been implicated in the cutting and
would not divulge the name of his com
panion. » ' •
Italian Cut in ZN'eck.
City Attorney Long yesterday ad
vised the;Department of Electricity
that the American Protective Company
and the American^ District "Company
must pay. 50 cents a month rental for
each connection they, may; make, with
the . central: office. , of. . the ' company
which transmits the flre alarm to the
Central Fire Alarm station.
Mast Pay Monthly Rental.
' ,-FrankO. Mello, tenant of the prem
ises at 115 Jackson street, yesterday
filed a suit against Hildebrandt, Pos
ner '& Co., from whom he leases the
property,' to recover $192. He charges
that he has been cheated out of the
sum sued ¦ for by the defendants,
who,"; he says, compelled him to pay
water .bills according to the meter in
the premises, knowing that the same
meter ; was used to register the amount
of, -'water used by a" tenant at Front
and - Clark streets and a jj blacksmith
shop in the rear of the place.
Says Water Bills Are Too Lar/c.
The orders made in the Kryzyanow
ski estate do not satisfy Attorney
George H. Perry, legal representative
of Charles Rickman, the pickle manu
facturer, who, under Mrs. Kryzyanow
ski's will, inherited her estate. He
yesterday asked the court to -set aside
the order suspending Rickman's
powers as executor and appointing
Public Administrator M. J. Hynes spe
cial administrator of the estate.
Perry, who is now associated with the
Nagle law, firm, which, when the
estate first came into court, preferred
charges of wrongdoing against him,
says the orders were illegally and im
properly obtained and that his client,
Rickman, did not receive proper noti
fication.
Perry Registers Protest.
Eddie Stenerson. 12 years of age,
who lives with his parents at §13
Montgomery avenue, sustained • a
broken leg yesterday by being run
down by a laundry wagon. He had just
alighted from a Powell-street car
when he was struck by the wagon,
which passed over his leg. ; The wound
ed boy was taken to the Emergency
Hospital.
Boy Hurt by Wagon .
William Howard was arrested last
night by Detectives Dlnan and Wren
and his name placed on the small book
at the City Prison. He was picked up
on suspicion cf having been implicated
in some of the many recent burglaries
that have baffled the police of late.
When searched a gold watch and a
diamond pin were found on him. - The
police claim that Howard is an ex-con
vict. ¦ ' ? -\\>-- :
Think He Is a Bnrglar.
A. J. Canions Will Swear to Complaint
Tills Morning Charging Under
taker With Battery..
A. J. Camous, president of Persever
ance Grove of the Druids, says that he
will swear to a complaint this morning
charging Julius Godeau, the undertaker,
with battery. Camous alleges that Go
deau struck him and felled him to the
floor in the room where lay the corpse
of V. R. Dastrivlgne, a saloon-keeper of
521^ Valencia street, who died yesterday
morning.
Camous was on the committee to In
terview the widow about .the funeral of
her husband. He* gave the case to an
other undertaker and^ Incurred the
wrath of Godeau, who, he claims, struck
him before the weeping widow as they
stood in the death room.
SAYS THAT GODEAU STRUCK
HIM BESIDE DEAD BODY
CHICAGO, March 21.— Buddy Ryan was
«1ven the decision over Jack <yK*efe after
six rounds of fighting to-night.
I/Otture on French Historv.
Professor H. Morse Stephens of the
University of California will lecture
at the Mechanics' Pavilion art gallery
on '"Barras the Director" to-morrow
evening. This is the last of the se
ries of twelve university extension lec
tures en the French Revolution which
Professor Stephens has delivered for
the Mechanics' Institute. Professor
Stephens v.Ill outline the future uni
versity extension work, which he will
conduct for the Mechanics' Institute.
The trouble, started through offensive
remarks made by William Ackerrnan,
who was later placed under a surgeon's
care and is now locked up in the^City
Jail. ":'..'. .
Most, of "the chorus girls fled from
the stage when -the fight started, but
the star continued to sing, with one eye
on her battered husband and the other
on th*e quaking piano player. It was
a good exhibition of nerve and training.
SPOKANE, March 21.— With her hus
band, Arthur Guerin, fighting on the
floor of the theater and at times down
in a wildly fighting mass ' of 'roughs,
with all of the orchestra, except the
piano player .leaving to join the battle,"
Nellie, Guerin, the star at the Coeur
d'Alene Theater, "sang through her part
last night without a break or a quiver.
OAKLAND, March 21. — The resi
dence of William E. Dargie, East
Twelfth street and Lake Boulevard,
was slightly damaged this morning by
a fire started from a defective grate.
The Second Congregataional Church
edifice, corner Tenth and Peralta
streets, was the scene of a fire scare
this afternoon, a blazing chimney
causing the sounding of an alarm. No
damage was done.
Fire at Dnrjrle Residence.
Social Dtepotch to The Call
Tacoma Actress Sees Hus
band Battered by Eouglis,
but She 31isses.'Xot a. Note
The Supervisors' Finance Commit
tee yesterday ordered the demands of
W. Nathan for horses furnished to
the Fire Department to be paid. The
horses were purchased in open mar
ket, the Fire Commission explaining
that the inviting of bids for the pur
pose of awarding a contract, would
have delayed the matter so that the
horses best suited for the department
could not have been purchased. The
committee also allowed the demand
of Dr. Charles Morgan for $250 for
expert testimony in the case of the
people against Martha Bowers.
" Orders Payment of Demands.
Walter Raymond of the well known
excursion company is at the St. Fran
cis.
Thomas J. Kirk, State Superintend
ent of Public Instruction, is at the
Palace.
S. X. Rucker, a business man of San
Jose, is among the new gues\s at the
St. Francis.
State Senator C. M. Belshaw and
wife are down from Antioch and stay
ing at the St. Francis.
Captain W. H. Patterson, a veteran
pilot of the Columbia River, and his
wife arrived from the north yesterday
and are at the Occidental.
William P. Hammon, head of the big
dredging company at Oroville, returned
last evening from a business trip to
the East and is staying at the Palace.
A party consisting of Mrs. Theodore
Ryan. Mrs. James C. Codman, Miss
B. S. Paine and Miss R. Howard, prom-
I inent In Philadelphia, arrived at the
I Palace yesterday.
I Uslutano Beppu and Kanaka Kubata,
J Japanese commissioners to the St.
Louis Exposition, and T. Kikuchi. rep
resenting the Yokohama Specie Bank
in France, arrived from the Orient
yesterday and are staying at the Occi
dental.
PERSONAL MEXTIOX.
Dr. G. F. Faulkner of Salinas is at
the Grand.
Isaac Bird, a merchant of Merced, is
at the Lick.
Peter Musto, a merchant of Stockton,
is at the Grand.
Dr. and Mrs. Eben I. Russ of Penn
sylvania are at the Palace.
Fish Commissioner W. E. Gerber of
Sacramento is at the Palace.
Dr. Rutherford Irones of the steam
ship Coptic is at the Palace.
Colonel D. B. Fairbanks, a capitalist
of Petaluma, is at the Grand.
W. H. Beehler, commander, U. S. N.,
is registered at the Occidental.
Frank H. Buck, a well-known fruit
grower of Vacaville, Is at the Palace.
SINGS WHILE
SPOUSE FIGHTS
SONORA. March 21.- — Harry
Knight, head machinist for the Stand
ard Lumber Company, met death in
the door factory in this city to-day in
the presence of fifty factory hands.
He was shifting the belt, when his
Jumper caught between the shaft and
pulley and he was instantly crushed to
death. Both legs and both arms were
severed from hl3 body. He was an
unmarried man and 36 years of age.
Machinist Meets Terrible Death.
President Angell was formerly Min
ister to Turkey and special Embassa
dor to China, and is on this coast by
the special invitation of ' President
Wheeler of the University of Califor
nia to address the students of the
State University on charter day.
March 23. .
Seats have been reserved for Mich
igan men at Berkeley for the charter
day exercises. The University of
Michigan men desiring Invitations for
the reception or reserved ' seats for
charter day exercises may have the
same upon application to Stuart
Kohn, 216 Crocker building.
As President Angell probably— will
be in the city but two or three days,
University of Michigan men through
out the coast- will doubtless avail
themselves of the opportunity to. meet
him on the evening of March 24.
The entertainment will, be in the
form of a reception, at which all oi
the prominent University of Michigan
men will be present to pay their re
spects to the -president of their alma
mater. . . • .
Through the courtesy of the Uni
versity Club of this city the Michigan
Club of the Pacific Coa^t will enter
tain James B. Angell, president of
Michigan University, at the University
Club rooms on Thursday evening at
8 o'clock. .
College Men Plan Reception for the
President of Their Alma Mater
at University Club.
MEMBERS OF MICHIGAN CLUB
TO EVTERTAIX J. B. AXGELL
Enthusiastic Audience.
The subject, "The St. Louis Expo
sition Buildings," was treated in a bril
liant manner last night by Mrs. Abbie
E. Krebs in her lecture at Lyric Hall.
She supplemented her remarks by a
little history of the Louisiana purchase
and then ran on to a vivid description
of the grounds and principal State and
exhibit buildings.
The lecture was illustrated by a col
lection of stereopticon views of the
j grounds.
j Following the lecture Harry J. Miles
I introduced some beautiful moving pic
tures of scenes from different parts
of California that are to be used in
St. Louis as a part of our State ex
hibit. A large audience was in at
tendance.
The proceeds of the _leeture go to the
different clubs with which the lec
turer is connected and which are
identified with California's interests at
the fair.
Mrs. Abbie E. Krebs Discourses on
Coming World's Fair to Large and
Each table had a distinctive decora
tion and a separate menu, an innova
tion in modern hotel methods that seri
ously tested the ingenuity of the chefs
and their culinary force.
Dinner over society assembled in the
brilliantly illuminated lobby of the
hotel and enjoyed a promenade con
cert, the music being furnished by th?
hotel orchestra from a position on the
richly gilded balcony that overlooks th*
marble-pillared office. For two hours
a constant stream of fashlonab!y
dressed women with their male escorts
in evening. dress poured into the hotel,
at the big entrance of which a cordon
of police was busily engaged keeping
the way clear of a curious crowd that
swarmed about the building, eagerly
seeking a view of the . brilliant scene
within. As theater time approached
the gathering somewhat diminished,
but 11 o'clock found the hotel lobby and
its elegantly furnished parlors again
the scene of an attractive throng;
gathered "there to partake of a mid
night supper, for which hundreds had
to wait their turn In the main dlning
rcom.
\ During the early part of the evening,
while Manager Allan Pollok was wel
coming the foremost of his visitors,
Chief "Clerk John McDermott and his
assistants were kept busy, behind the
botel desk, assigning rooms that had
been engaged in advance by people
who intend to make the St. s Frances
their permanent home and by- travelers
who were anxious to enjoy, the com
forts of the new hotel while In this city.
The registration for the day numbered
more than 200 and included some of .the
most prominent Eastern people who
had been wintering In Southern Cali
fornia and had arranged to visit San
Francisco when the St. Francis opened
its doors ' for business. Among the
guests .were many who have, traveled
over the entire world and not a few of
these .sought out Manager Pollok to
congratulate him on the splendid ar
rangement • of his hotel and the many
comforts It provides, equaling all and
surpassing many they had received at
other establishments in various coun
tries throughout which they had trav
eled. «: ic '-.v- .
In its most gorgeous raiment San
Francisco society was formally wel
comed to the Hotel St. Francis last
evening, the occasion being the opening
of the new hostelry, which entered upon
its .business career in a most brilliant
manner. - ¦ Invitations had been issued
to several thousand people by the man
agement, and, favored by pleasant
weather, those who were fortunate
enough • to receive these invitations
made it. part of their evening's, pro
gramme to view the magnificent inte
rior of the modern establishment and
view its elegant fittings, than which
thecft. are probably none richer or bet
ter in the world. The formal reception
to the 'guests was preceded by a din
ner, an elaborate affair, of which more
than S00 persons partook, pi Irate par
ties being the feature and occupying
tables in both the main dining-room
and the handsome grillroom adjoining.
Even then the hotel service was almost
unequal to the occasion, for the demand
for tables was greater than the antici
pations of the management of the hotel.
' D. B. Jennings, owner of the schooner
Adelia Griffin, filed a libel against the
Southern Pacific Company to recover
$193 damages alleged to have been
sustained by the schooner by reason
of a collision with the defendant's
steamer Herald dh October 9, 1903.
United States District Judge de
Haven yesterday overruled the de
murrer to the Indictment charging Lee
Lim with conspiring with T. J. Demp
sey, "William F. Dasha and T. T. Bur
nett to land Chinese illegally.
Assistant United States Attorney
Ben L. McKinley asked that the trial
of the case of the United States vs.
George W. Rumble, indicted for using
the mails for the purpose' of further
ing a scheme to defraud, be postponed
until May 9, the date of the trial hav
ing been previously fixed as April 5.
Mr. McKinley explained that he- need
ed more time in which to procure wit
nesses from the East and also to fa
miliarize himself with the case, it hav
ing been in charge of the late Edward
J. Banning.
W. H. H. Hart, counsel for the de
fendant, objected and Judge de Haven
refused to grant any further postpone
ment.
Jndge de Haven Refuses to Grant a
Postponement of the Trial of
G. W. Rumble.
GIVES BRILLIANT TALK \
OX ST. LOUIS EXPOSITION
APARTMEXT IX THE ST. FRANCIS
AND THE MANAGER AND CHIEF
CLERK OF THE HOTEL.
LJEE MM MUST STAXD
TRIAIi FOR CONSPIRACY
Mrs. Fanny MeClure, who recently
secured a divorce from William Mc-
Clure, proprietor of the saloon at the
corner of Brannan and Beale streets,
was awarded $500 by Judge Seawell
yesterday, the money to come out of
McClure's bank deposit of $1100. Me-
Clure, who went L^ck to Ireland in
1898 and made Mrs. MeClure his wife,
opposes her claim to the money by
asserting that he was in possession of
the fund before she became his wife
and that therefore she had no Inter
est In it. Mrs. MeClure, however,
proved that the money was commun
ity property.
Decrees of divorce were granted
yesterday to Abbie Bailey from An
drew Bailey for cruelty, Lena McGov
ern from I\ F. McGovern for deser
tion and A. Williams from Gertrude
"Williams for desertion.
Suits for . divorce were filed by Da
vid L. Baldwin against Edith Baldwin
for desertion, Elizabeth Harjifiaty
against John W. Hardesty for deser
tion. Augusta A, Hermann against
Emil A. Hermann, an architect, for
cruelty and Krederich Trefz against
Rosa Trefz for desertion.
of Sam Saloon .Man lias on
Deposit.
Jndge Seawall Awards Her $500 Out
McCLURETS FORMER WIFE
SHARES HIS BAXX ACCOrXT
Two hundred and fifty strangers were !
admitted to membership in the order
cf Companions of the Forest of Amer
ica in Golden Gate Hall last night in
the presence of about 1S00 members of
the organization.
This was the result of a movement
Inaugurated by the executive council
cf the order a few weeks since and the
candidates were secured by the various I
circles of this city. There took place,
immediately after the opening of the
circle In the main hall, which was most
tastefully decorated In patriotic colors,
the reception cf the supreme and gTand
oScers, preceded by en escort %jl twen
ty young ladies, dressed uniformly in
dark skirts and white waists and each
carrying an American flag. As the
escort approached the altar in the cen
ter cf the hall in double column those
composing it about-faced and with
their Hags raised up high formed an
arch, urder which the distinguished
officers inarched and formed a semi
circle and were introduced by Maggie
Forrest, tha right guide, after which
they were welcomed by Mamie Schoen,
the chief companion, with honors due
their etation. They were then escorted
to seats reserved for them on the stage,
pesslng under a second arch of flags.
The Cag bearers formed in two rows
in the rear and with their flags formed
a pretty background.
The work of Initiation was with two
candidates and it was performed in
a manner never eaualed in this city,
each oScer not only being letter per
fect, but the charges were delivered
impressively and with absolutely cor
rect intonation and gestures. The offi
cers who did the work were Mamie
S<:hoen, chief companion; Mrs. Gott
lieb, sub-chief companion; Elizabeth
Drendell, Junior past chief; Maggie
Forest, right, and Mrs. Beban, left
iruide; Mrs. Addie Smith, inside and
E. H. Chamberlain, outside gnardian,
end others, who filled the offices of
secretaries and trustees. At the close
of the Initiation Grand Sub-Chief
Companion Mrs. Mary Thoman of
Stockton proclaimed the candidates
members of the order and of the circles
in Trhich they had -placed their appli
cations.
This was followed by a short ad-
Cress by Supreme Deputy John J.
Cordy, who congratulated the order
upon the acquisition of so many metn
b<>rs and highly commanded the offi
cers of the initiator^ team for the
manner in which they had conferred
the degree.
Miss P. Worms, on behalf of the
chorus of twelve that rendered the
vocal music Incidental to the cere
mony, presented Grand Organist Re
bekah Kemp Van Ee, who had drilled
them in the music, a token of their
appreciation in the shape of a pretty
statuette.
The stage was occupied by Supreme
Deputy John J. Cordy, Supreme Sub-
Ch'>f Mrs. Lizzie Atwood, Grand Sub-
Chief Companion Mrs. Mary Thoman,
*;ra.nd Financial Secretary Miss Agnes
D. Bremer and other grand officers
of this State and Past Grand Chief
Companions Mrs. M. A. Duke, Emma
A- Harrington and Helena Worms.
The evening closed with dancing
, until midnight.
Mrs. Paul was a native of Germany
and leaves a husband and two sons.
One of the sons. Robert Paul, Is Mayor
of Oeosta.
After kissing the members of her
family farewell she laid down In her
room and, folding her arms, soon fell
Into a peaceful sleep. Her sons al
lowed her to slumber for an hour, but
when they approached the bedside they
v.ere astounded to find that she had
died.
TACOMA. Wash.. March 21.— With a
presentiment that she would die Mrs.
Anna C. Paul, aged 80 years, donned
her burial robes at her home In Oeosta
last Saturday and a few hours later
passed peacefully away.
Mrs. Paul had told her children last
Tuesday that she would die on Satur
day. That morning she arose at an
early hour and told her sons that it
would be her last day on earth. Shu
proceeded to array herself In a neat
black dress, which she had made the
day before.' and in which she requested
to be burled.
Social Dispatch to Th<» C»ll
BAN DIEGO, March 21.— At the regu
lar meeting of the City Council to
night the Finance Committee reported
that in pursuance of the resolution and
an order of the Council the City Clerk
has ! received subscriptions from local
Investors for the $150,000 of the bonds
offered to the public. The amount
subscribed, on which 5 per cent had
been put np, was 5117,000, in 'lots of
from $20,000 down to $500. The Council
ratified all of the sales and the bonds
will be ready . to-morrow at the office of
the City Treasurer.
There are other city bonds ready for
issue, but they are not to be sold at
the present time because the present
sale will give to the city all that is
needed, and by waiting until the rest of
the money is needed the city can save
interest. The Board of Works was di
rected, to advertise monthly and let a
contract for iron pipe.
; A letter 1 was received this evening
from W. S. Melick of the State Board
of Examiners offering to take $50,000 of
the water bonds' for the State if the le
gality of the Issue is sustained by the
Attorney General. The offer will doubt
less be accepted, as the official red tape
will be unwound about the time that
the city is ready to sell more bonds.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Crudo will be sentenced on April 2.
The crime for which Crudo must pay
the penalty was one of the most cold
blooded murders of the year. He was
not arrested till two days after the
killing had taken place. His nephew
was first placed under arrest and de
nied any knowledge of the crime. Cru
de was later arrested and confessed
to having killed Migale, claiming that
he had done so in self-defense.
Crudo and Migale quarreled over
money matters in a saloon on Duporit
street. Crudo left the saloon and al
leged In his defense that he was fol
lowed by Migale, who attempted to
stab him.
The defense put up by Crudo was
¦weak. Much difficulty was experienced
by the prosecution in securing the tes
timony of witnesses in the case. Per
jury 'was hinted at and had not Crudo
been found guilty some of the wit
nesses would probably have been ar
rested.
Nicolo Crudp, tried before Superior
Judge Lawlor for shooting and killing
his fellow countryman, Prospero Mi
gale, at the corner of Green and Kearny
streets on November 8, 1903, was found
guilty of murder in the first degree last
night. The jury was out just forty-five
minutes and returned the verdict
stated, with a recommendation that
the defendant be confined In prison for
life.
Declaring Her Last Day Had
Come. Mrs. Anna C. Paul
Retires Never to Awake
Organization Is Congratulat
ed on the Accession of So
Many to Its Membership
StateAVill Subscribe Sum of
$50,000 When Legality Is
Tested by Attorney General
DIPRESSIYE CEREMONY
JURY SO RECOMMENDS
Occupies Only Forty -Five
Minutes in Deciding De
fendant Guilty as Charged
BIBS FAMILY GOOD -BY
OTKEK ISSUES STAYED
Man Who Foully Murdered
Prospero Migale Last Year
Must Spend Life in Jail
Class Initiation by Compan
ions of Forest of Ameri
ca in Golden Gate Hall
Presentiment of Washington
Woman Is Fulfilled and.
Grim Reaper Is Punctual
Magnificent New Hostelry Is Thronged by*Beautifully
Gowned Women and Their Escorts— Two Hun
dred Guests Inscribe Their" Names on Register
San Diego City Securities
Find Ready Purchasers
Among Local Investors
NICOLO CRUDO
FOUND GUILTY
HUNDREDS TAKE
AN OBLIGATION
DONS A BURIAL
ROBE AND DIES
PEOPLE EAGER
FOR THE BONDS
ST. FRANCIS HOTEL OPENING
IS MADE A SOCIETY EVENT
THE SAN. FRANCISCO CALL; TUESDAY/' MARCH^22, 1904.
5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DR. PIEHCE'S BEIIEDEE3.
Sleeplessness
Is aiin to insanity. Many a woman re-
alizes this as she lie* a\rake hoar by hoar,
gjyjSSgjR gSjtSjR \°Z at the creafc-
S^jf ~^5$£r It/Ffffi '- h ? rustle of the
?3szgL \l Such synptotas I
£* v » m ?fx*i£> S '- n ?" n "' al r°i-t i
: jK*?i Sv '^ iSt3ffi**a\ delicate wcrsinly j
"rf?^^5 ' \V\ .«•" corse br sleeping
rfv^jifJrVP^'i^ t v'J) consequences of
Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription cores
the wosxacly diseases which cause nerv- j
ousaess and sleeplessness. It is the best
cf tonics and invigoracts. nourishing the
nerves, encouraging the appetite and in-
ducing refreshing eleep.
C5CO Rawzrd for • Women
Who Gannot ho Gtrrot!.
Proprietors and makers of Dr. Pierce's
Favorite Prescription now feel fully war-
ranted in offering to pay S500 ia legal
mosey of the United States for any case of
Lenccrrhca, Female Weakness, Prolapses,
cr Fallina^of Wotab, which they cannot
cere. Air they ask is a fair and reasonable
trial of their means of cere.
¦ My wife was sick for orer eight years," writes
Albert H. Fulle. Esq.. of Altamont. Grandy Co..
Tens- "She bad taerine disease and was treated
by two physicians and got no relief. At last I
read about Dr. Pierce'* medicines and we de-
elded to try bis * Favorite Prescription .' I tent
to the drug store and got cue bottle and the first
dose j*ave ease asd sleep. She had not slept any
for three nights. Beicj sore that it would cure
ber I sent for five more bottles and when ehe
bed tn^r" the eixth bottle she was sound and
wdL'
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets should be
used with "Favorite Prescription" when-,
ever a laxative is roatareu.
HOTEL ST FRANCIS
: COMPLETELY
W&JSLQANE&m
•FURNITURE- CARPETS • RUGS - DRAPERIES-
114 - 122J>OSf STREETSTOCKTON, March 21.— The heirs of Mrs.
D. C. Mattlaon have brourht a damage suit
against the. Southern Pacific Company for $20.
000, allejrlni . that the death: of Mrs. Mattlson
was due to being run into by a train of the
defendant's cars January 21.sg^^^gS«6r=&5?5 !
OAKLAND, March 21.— Burglars
failed last night to enter Dr. J. L.
Milton's 1216 San \ Pablo
avenue, after trying to force a window
Burglar's Effort Futile.
OAKLAND, March 21.— The trial of
Luigi Orio,: charged "with the murder
of Luis Gratziano on December . 23
last, was begun to-day. There had
been some ' trouble between the men
over money matters and on the ; night
in \ question they met arid Orio shot
And fatally. injured. Gratziano.
On Trial for ; Murder.
OAKLAND. March 2i.— The, Bba^d
of Education met to-night for the pur
pose of calling", ¦ a ' special ; bond elec
tion to submit the " proposition of vot
ing $960,000 for the improvement of
the schools 'of the city. Owing to .'the
form' of the call having to be changed
at the last moment .the matter had to
be, put over for, another meeting called
for 'next Wednesday .evening.";
Prepares for Bonds.
OAKLAND, March 21.— A "popular
novel evening" will be held by the
Starr King Fraternity on '• Thursday
evening, March,; 31, at which "The De
liverance," by Ellen, Glasgow, will be
discussed. A paper will be read by
Professor Benjamin Kurtz, instructor
in English at the University of Cali
fornia.
Will Discuss "The Deliverance."
Bond Committees Will Confer.
OAKLAND, March 21.— President
Chamberlain of. the Oakland Board of
Trade has appointed a bond commit
tee to confer with a like committee
from the Oakland Real Estate Asso
ciation" regarding the best way to fur
ther the interests of the proposed bond
issue.. The meeting of the commit
tees will he. held in the rooms of the
Board of Trade on Monday evening,
March 28. The members of the Board
of Trade committee are H. C. Capwell,
Julius Seulberger, V..L. Fortin. Dr. W.
D.Huntlngton and J. P. Maxwell
OAKLAND, March 2 1 . — The follow
ing marriage licenses were issued by
the County Clerk to-day: Ralph Clif
ton, 46, Reno, and Jessie E. Borham,
39, San Jose; Antone Gentoza, 35, and
Maggie Pendola, 18, -both of Golden
Gate; Manuel / Gomez, 30, and Sarah
Webb, 40, both of Oakland; William
N. Sharp, 47, and Mrs. Phebe C. Doe,
60, both of Oakland; Manuel V. Brazil,
21; and Mary Fagundez, 21, both, of
San Francisco; James Donovan, 28.
and Bertha Jorgsnsen, 21, both of San
Francisco. V •
Marriage Licenses.
, Mrs. Omerod declared that her
children had also seriously suffered
at their father's f hands. Omerod
works at the Risdon Iron Works" In
San Francisco; K^
.OAKLAND, March 21.— Mrs. Cor
delia Oraerod, has sworn to a com
plaint charging her husband, Robert
Omerod, with having beaten her Sat
urday night and driving her out into
the rain in her night clothes to find
shelter with neighbors. The aggrieved
wife told Prosecuting Attorney Leach
that this, occasion was not the first
that she" had been driven from home
by her husband's brutality.
Mrs. Cordelia Omerdd Swears to Com
plaint for Arrest of Man She
0 '- .: :- Declares Was Brutal. ,
ALAMEDA. March 21. — DesponQ
ent because his wife threatened to
leave him and suffering from the ef
fects of a spree, Albert Marks, an aged
German, attempted to end his life with
gas this morning at his home on
Haight avenue, near Ninth street. He
was rescued while unconscious by
neighbors, who ; had been summoned
by a Japanese, the latter having de
tected the odor of the deadly carbon
monoxide Upon going to the house to
do some work.
• Dr. W. T..Lunn was summoned and
after, laboring with the would-be sui
cide for a. time had him conveyed to
the Alameda, Sanitarium. The' pa
tient's chaiices for recovery are said
by the physician to . be about even.
Marks was for many years in the em
ploy of a San Francisco firm as a
cutler, but of late has eked out an
existence by.. Belling lottery tickets.
His wife was formerly an actress in
San Francisco. 1 . She returned : from
the city across the . bay this morning
at 11 o'clock, shortly after her hus
hand had been removed from the gas
nlled room. ¦ . ¦ .
Albert Marks, an Aged Cutler, At
. tempts to End His Life, but
Is Rescued. : y
SAYS HUSBAND DROVE
HER FROM THEIR HOME
DESPONDENT GERMAN
SELECTS GAS ROUTE
OAKLAND, March 24. — Danny L.
Green has been appointed a deputy
constable to act as a bodyguard for
John A. Massie, who was beaten Sat
urday morning by three men near his
residence, 1015 Linden street Mas
pie edits The Arrow.
Editor Massie's Bodyguard.
Hanlon claims for Francisco and
Domenlco. Albert!, named as trustees
In a will made by Nigro in 1901, that
the will filed by the widow, which is
dated November, 1903, was made by
Xigro when he was incompetent to
make a will. There is not a great deal
of difference in the wills as regards
the disposition of the property, but in
the first the Albertis.are to manage
the estate until it is free from v debt,
while in the latest one the property
is left directly to the widow and
daughter.
OAKLAND, March 21.— The con
test over the will of the laie Fabrizio
Nigro, who left- property valued at
about $500,000, Included in .which is
the Poodle Dog restaurant property
at Eddy and Mason streets in San
Francisco, is to be bitterly fought. A
demand was made by ' Attorney
Charles Hanlon to-day for a Jury trial
of the case and the date for the hear
ing of the contest was set for April
19. Representing Mrs. Ellen Nigro
and her adopted daughter are "WL S.
Wood and Judge ' J. Sullivan of San
Francisco and Philip Walsh of this
city.
Fight Over Who Shall Manage Half
Million Dollar Estate Promises
to Be Lively.
JURY IS DEMANDED IN
NIGRO WILL CONTEST
BERKELEY, March 21.— The Town
Trustees to-night appointed Dr. Georgre
H. Reinhardt health officer to fill the
place soon to become vacant through
the expiration of the term of Dr.
Frank H. Payne.
The Trustees were also appointed by
President Thomas Rickard upon the
following committees to work up de
tails for. the improvements suggested
for the proposed bond issue.
Fire department, Staats and Dowd;
City Hall, Ferrier and Staats; Wharf,
Hoff and Dowd; Schools and Manual
Training, Connors and Ryder; Parks,
Ryder and Ferrier: Streets and Sew
ers, Hoff and Rickard.
Name Dr. Georfftf H. Reinhardt
Health Officer to Succeed
Dr. Frank II. Payne.
BERKELEY TRUSTEES
MAKE APPOINTMENT
"Das Opferlamm" is a farcical com
edy, broadly humorous and abound
ing in laugh-generating situations. Ar
thur Becker is rehearsing the com
pany that Is to present the play.
ALAMEDA. March 21. — "Das Op
ferlamm" (The Scapegoat), by Oscar
Walther and Leo Stein, two play
wrights of the modern school of Ger
man dramatists, will be presented by
the Alameda. Lustspiel Ensemble at
the Macdonough Theater in Oakland
on Thursday night, the 31st inst It
will be the last entertainment to be
put on by the organization this sea
son.
nMin Farcical Play at the Mac
donoueh Theater.
Alamrdans to Put on Modern Gcr-
LUBTSPIEL ENSEMBLE
WILL PRESENT COMEDY
Ben Greet has written Professor William D.
Armes that it will not be possible for him to
return to California with his company of
English players before September. But when
the company does arrive it will have a treat
In store for the natives. Mr. Greet says that
"Hamlet" will be the principal member of his
repertoire and besides there will be "Twelfth
Nlghth" and "Everyman" and "The Star of
Bethlehem," Professor Charles Mills Oayley'a
vlay, that was so successfully put on In Boston.
The junior class will take a trip about the
bay on Saturday, April 9. This was decided
upon last Friday, when Miss Flora Frickstad,
the class president, appointed a committee con
sisting of Thomas Risley, Harry Dehm and
Miss Mary Eornerville to arrange for the out-
Ing.
The following named have been appointed by
President Wheeler members of the committees
to arrange for Charter day: Professor "W". E.
Magee, naiintr: Professors W. D. Armee and
J B. I.an4n>ld. distribution of tickets; John
Oalen Howard, decorations ; Professor Kdmond
O'Neill and \V. J. V. Oueterhout. transporta
tion; Professor J. H. Senger, music; Professor
M. W. Hapkell, secretary to the committees;
Professor Frank Soule, ceremonies, assisted by
university radets.
Egerton R. Young, the well known lecturer
and missionary, will address the students of
the university to-morrow afternoon at 4:15
o'clock in Hearst Hall. Mr. Young is on his
way to Aurtralla to work among the Bushmen
of that irland. .
BERKELEY, March 21.— President James B.
Ang-ell of the University of Michigan, who will
deliver the address on Charter day, arrived
from the East to-night and went at once to
the home of Professor George H. Howison,
whose guert ho will be during his stay in Cali
fornia. President Angell will be the guest of
honor at a number of functions. - The principal
of these will be the luncheon by President
Wheeler at his home on Charter day, when
the distinguished visitor will meet a number of
prominent Californlans and graduates of the
University of Michigan. The subject of Presi
dent AngeH'p address will be "The Type of the
State University."
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
EBELIi ELECTIOX
TICKET IS NAMED
Regnln r Nominations for Board of Di
rectors and Membership Commit
tee Made Public.
OAKLAND, March 21. — The nomi
nating committee of the Ebell Society
has submitted the following: names for
a board of directors, to be elected
April 5: Mrs. J. B. Hume. Mrs. C. W.
Kinsey, Mrs. S. J. Taylor, Miss Eva
Powell, Miss Jennie Hill, Mrs. Z. T.
Gilpin, Mrs. Ralph W. Kinney, Mrs..
George M. Shaw and Mrs. S. W« Chub
buck. The membership committee^
names are Mrs. Edward Booth, Mrs.
George H. Collins, Mrs. T. G. Harri- :
son, Mrs. "W. G. Palmanteer and Mrs.
George Rodolph.
The regular ticket calls for the elec
tion of Mrs. J. B. Hume as president,;
suceeding Miss Mabel Thayer Gray.
The society will hold a special meet- .
ing and an election March 29 to decide,
upon a site for the club. The follow-;
ing five propositions are before the so
ciety:
Northeast corner of Boulevard ter
race and "Webster street, 100x125;.
price $9000.;-;/....;
Northwest corner of Webster and.
Twenty-eighth streets, Borland prop-,
erty, 100x100; $5000.
Northwest corner of Telegraph ave-_
nue and Charter street, 75x100; price
$7500.
Northwest corner of Telegraph ave- •
nue and Twenty-fourth street. lOO*
100; price $8000.
East side of Harrison street, near
Fourteenth, 82x150; price $7380.
The annual election will be held,'
April 5.
Stable Deal Under Inquiry.
OAKLAND, March 21. — The pre
liminary examination of R. F. Jack
son, former secretary of the, Board of
Public Works, charged with fraud in
the sale of a half Interest In a Tele
graph-avenue stable, was commenced
to-day before Police Judge Georjr»
Samuels. James von Schaack.-the
complaining witness, .testified "that he
had bought an interest for. SI'S 00, but
after ;he had oaid $900 learned there
was a $9 00 .mortgage on the horses
and teams. .
OAKLAND. March 21.— The members of th*
Catholic Ladies" Aid Society will Inaugurate
the after Lenton festivities with an assembly
and whist tournament for the benefit of their
relief fund. It is to take place on the evening
of Monday, April 4, at Maple Hall, both floorj
of the building having been secured for ths
occasion. Whist and nv e hundred both will
be played and the prizes are unusually rich
and handsome. In the assembly hall an
orchestra .will furnish music for those who
cafe to dance and altogether the affair prom
ises to be* a pleasant and brilliant social event.
The ladies of the society are all taking an
active interest In the preparations. The offi
cers are: Grand president. Miss Mary Carr;
past president, Mrs. O. C. Kirk: president.
Mrs. T. P. Hogan; Alee president, Mrs. Jon 1
Savage; second vice president. Miss Katherin«?
Maher; treasurer. Mrs. Hamilton Coleman;
secretary. Ml«s Mary Gannon.
During last week three happy couples cele
brated their wedding anniversaries — Mr. and
Mrs John Francis Cross Mr. and Mrs. I>. G.
Brown and Mr. and Mrs. F. G. . Wight. Mr.
and Mrs. Cro^s gave a reception at their East
Oakland home on Wednesday In honor of their
fiftieth ¦ anniversary, and the occasion will
long he remembered by their relatives anJ
friends, who came from far and near to otT-r
their felicitations-
The home was beautifully decorated in colors
appropriate, the rich California poppy pre
dominating among the ferns and smllax In
the parlors, hall and dining-room, , while bloa
soms in paler gold carried out the color scheme
In the library.
Mr. and 'Mrs. Cross were . the recipients cf
many handsome gifts, beautiful and touching
letters from 'absent friends and congratulatory
telegrams. At the wedding dinner preceding
the reception evejy member of the family waa
present. They included Mr. and Mm. D. T.
McArthur of Oakland. Mr. and Mrs. Samuel
J. Pullen of Auburn. Miss Lillian A. Cross.
Mr. and Mrs. R. H. Cross. Mr. and Mrs.
Charles. W. Cross and five grandchildren.
In a happy after-dinner speech the family
presented Mr. Crosa .with an elegant gold
headed ran? and Mrs. Crons with an. exquisite
pin. Among the few couples that are allowed
to spend a half-century together ' this bride
and groom of fifty years agt> are to be espec
ially congratulated. Few sorrows and many
Joys have been theirs. They both enjoy ex
cellent health and look forward to many years
of happiness with each other, and their family
and many friends.
The close of fifteen years of happy wedded
life was celebrated by Mr. and Mrs. Brown
at Ben Hur Temple last Saturday night! The
hall was beautifully decorated, the chief fea
ture being the American and Scottish flags
gracefnlly Intermingled. ¦ •
A large number of guests were present, and
the happy pair were. the recipients of many
exquisite crystal gifts.
Ten years of nuptial b\\\* was the occasion
of rejoicing- at the Wight Home last Tuesday
evening, and a host of frl»nds and relatives
were invited to enjoy the anniversary with the
principals. Mrs. Wight was formerly Miss
Johnson of Clarcmont avenue, a sister of the
well-known singer. Miss Julia Johnson.
Among those who were present were Mr.
and Mrs. Fred Reed, Mr. and Mrs. Walter
Reed, Mr. and Mrs». Wallace Price. Dr. and
Mm. R. W. Meek. Mr. and Mrs. George Cock
erton, Mr. and Mrs. F. G, Watson, Mr. and
Mr». Albert Grunlnger. Dr. and Mrs. Sanborn,
Mr. and Mrs. Fred Tlllson, Mr. and Mrs.
Batchelder. Mr. and Mrs. T. P. Emlgh Mr *
and Mrs. G. B. Daniels, Mr. and Mrs. ' Fred
Button. Mr. and Mrs. Lincoln Church. Mr. and
Mm.. P. Cahill, Mr. arid Mrs. Walter Nichol
son. Mr. and Mrs. Marlon Oliver. Dr.- and
Mrs. Frank Wcolsey. Mr. and Mrs. Dynes! Miss
Ada Dalton. Miss Madeline Kent, Miss Wie<ler
shelm. Miss Madison, M las Julia Johnson Mlra
Kate Johnson. Mrs. C. Kern. Mrs. Armstrong
Mrs. A. F. Wight, Mnu Captain Johnson John
Laughland, Henry Dalton. D. Parker. Wll're'd
Chambers. John Gwilt. Mr. Savage and Will
Johnson.
Bernard Miller was host to-night at a
theater party In honor, of his fiance. Miss Ma*
Bu'-dgp. and her bridal party. They enjoyed
a performance or the "Silver SHpper" at the
MacrtonouKh Theater' and later a supper at
the Athenian Club. In th» party were Mr.
Miller. Mien Burilge. Miss Marlon Smith Miss
"Winifred Bursra. Miss Kvelyn Ellis MIm
Florence NlRhtlnrale. Miss Grace Soerrr' Miss
Marr Barker, Miys Florence White ' Mis*
Carolyn Oliver. Mis? Marlon Goodfellow «nd
Miss May Coogan. Clay Goodln*. Mr. Stan
fellow. Harold Havens. Taylor Bell. Wllllarr
Gorrill. Hartley Peart, Roland Oliver and
Ralph Jones.
Mrs. Frank C. Havens will entertain at
luncheon to-morrow in honor of Miss Burdgre
and on next Saturday afternoon Miss Wilson
will be the hostew at another affair compli
mentary to the chArmtnsr bride-to-be.
FARGO. N. D.. March 21."— The- date of the
State Republican nominating convention- -at
Grand Forks has been changed from Julr 27
to July 20. to avoid conflicts with other con
ventions. TiTUfwil'l nun ' 1 Ml 111 '7 1
The opening session of the conference
this morning was devoted to a discus
sion of "The Present Situation," by the
Rev. S.C Gale, pastor of the Chester
street Methodist Episcopal Church, and
a talk on "Present Needs and Condi
tions," by the Rev. J. P. Gerrior, Pres
byterian synodlcal missionary. The
Rev. E. W. ! Darst of the Christian
Church of Alameda discussed "Obsta
cles to Soul Winning." Addresses were
also made by the Rev. P. S. Macfar
lane, the Rev. E. P. Dennett of the Ala
meda Methodist Episcopal Church, the
Rev. H. B. Mowbray, assistant pastor
of the First Congregational Church,
and the Rev. Franklin Rhoda, pastor of
the Fruitvale Presbyterian Church. .
The feature of the afternoon -pro
gramme was a "Sermon to School Chil
dren," by I. N. Halliday, superintendent
of the First Methodist Episcopal Sun
day-school. A space near the front of
the church had been reserved for the
Kttle folks, and at 3:20 o'clock more
than fifty boys and girls trooped into
the church and listened to a very inter
esting discourse on the text, "Prepare
to Meet Thy God." Mr. Halliday made
his meaning so plain to the young folks
that they could not fall to understand
him, and many of the children seemed
to grasp the significance of the sermon
and left the church with serious faces.
An interesting account of "Dr. Tor
rey's Tour of the World" was given by
the Rev. M. B. Fisher, and "Every
Pastor and Evangelist" was the theme
of a brief address by the Rev. J. S.
MacDonald. The afternoon session
closed with a discussion of "Revivals
and Soul-Saving," by the Rev. Madison
Slaughter, pastor of Calvary Baptist
Church. During the Interval between
the afternoon and evening sessions sup
per was served by the ladles in the par
lors, of the church.
The topic of the evening session was
"The Saving of Children," the principal
OAKLAND, March 21.— Evangelistic
workers from all parts of California are
taking part In the interdenominational
conference on evangelism, which opened
this morning at the Union-street Pres
byterian Church and will continue to
morrow. .-— — -
ltfO p. m.— "Personal Evangelism" * (Acts,
chapter xx). Rev. W. J. Ppeers. Second Congre
gational Church; "Personal Prayer Habits,"
Rev. W. C. Sherman. Sacramento; prayer;,
opening discussion. -Rev. Robert Eastman.
South Berkeley Presbyterian; "Utilizing Our
Membership." Rev. L. J. Sawyer. Hamllton
squarc Hartlst Church. San Francisco; prayer;
opening discussion; "Personal Conviction for
Bin." Rev. Richard Hardin. Market-street Con
gregational Church; prayer; opening discus
sion. Rev. J. P. Currin. Golden Gate Baptist
Church; "Experiences of a Personal Worker,"
Adjutant T. M. Storey, Salvation Army;
prayer; opening discussion. Rev. W. E.
Vaughan. Alameda M. E. Church South; "Per
sonal Workers Abroad," Miss Kathrene Myers,
San Anselmo; prayer; opening discussion. Rev.
C. R. Calender, Presbyterian missionary from
Laos: "The Soul Winner's Joy," Rev. R. C.
Brooks. Pilgrim Congregational Church;
prayer; openlnr discussion. Rev. E. M. Hill,
Thirty-fourth-street M. K. Church; supper.
7:30 p. m — Young people's session, . Edward
McKlnley, county C. E. president,- presiding:
Personal workers' texts, "Ways of Winning,"
Rev. Horace W. Houldlng,. South China;
special music; "The Evangelistic Movements
Among Young People." Rev. John 8. Macin
tosh, D. D... president San Francisco Theologi
cal Seminary; prayer; "Purpose Meeting,"
Miss R. Eether Smith. San Francisco.
11 a. m. — "Practical Evangelistic Methods,"
Rev. E. R. Dille. First M. E. Church, prayer;
opening, discussion. Rev. R. C. Stone, Centen
nial Presbyterian Church; open parliament;
noon luncheon.
The other speakers at the evening
session were Earl S. Blngham, super
intendent of the First Presbyterian
Sunday-school; Dr. John Fearn, R. T.
Fisher and the Rev. W. H. Scudder.
Following is the programme for the
second day of the conference:
0:30 a. m.— "Evangelistic Forces,:* Rev. A.
I. Goodfriend, presiding: "Hebrews XI and
Evangelism." Rev. A. I. Goodfriend. Valona
Presbyterian Church; "The Holy Spirit and
Evangelism," Rev. W. C. Sherman, Sacra
mento, Cal.; prayer: opening discussion. Rev.
J. A. Fraser. gospel Ecclesiastics: "Prayer
and Evarcellsm," Rev. W. M. White, San
Francisco Christian Church; prayer; opening
discussion. Rev. C. M. Hill, Tenth-avenue
Baptist Church.
address being delivered by. the Rev. G.
W. White, who discussed "The Conver
sion and Training of .Children." Ke
said in part:, /
In discussing the'cohverslon of children, the
most Important thing to determine Is the posi
tion of the child In relation to the kingdom of
God. If v.-e cr.n "determine this position we
Witt be In a fair way to convert - the child.
Influence broueht to bear during the earliest
moments of life direct the entire course of
that life, and It is absolutely necessary that
the Influence be of the proper sort. The
thoughts nnd Instincts of childhood merit the
attention of great rriinds/ for the child's in
stincts form nearly the same deductions • as
the reasoning of more mature years. Ideas,
faiths and conviction* reached In childhood en
dnre all through life and the convictions of
childhood are worthy of the utmost respect,
for the true, the typical Christian -Is not the
adult, bin the child.
THRKE DIVINES WHO ARE IN ATTENDANCE UPON THE EVANGELISTIC I
CONFERENCE. WHICH CONVENED YESTERDAY MORNING AT THE UNION-. j
STREET PREBYTERIAN CHURCH, OAKLAND. I
The will was admitted to probate by
Judge Greene, and the Union ; Trust
Company of San Francisco was ap
pointed executor without bonds. Rice
has employed J. J. Lermen of San
Francisco to fight the matter in his be
half, and as the case now stands a con
test over the estate is Inevitable, as
the other heirs have evidently come to
an understanding and left Rice out.
Mrs. Canning's estate shortly before
her death was supposed to be worth
considerably more than $225,000. She
had given large sums to the cbarch and
her advisers, and gave Mrs. Michael
Davitt a Christmas present of $30,000.
Notwithstanding a compromise effect
ed between Archbishop RIordan, Mrs.
Mi chanel Davit t and her brothers, W.
J. and John M. Yore, as to the division
of the estate left by the late Mary
Canning, there is to be a contest over
the probating of the will, as this com
promise leaves out of consideration
Michael Rice, another nephew of the
deceased, with legal rights equal to
those of Mrs. Davltt and her brothers.
Attorney Garret McEnerney present
ed the will to-day for probate. It had
been held in abeyance for the last six
weeks until an agreement could be
reached among the heirs. Rice was
not included in the agreement. He lives
in Arizona and came on here to look
out for his interest in the estate of his
aunt. The will leaves the remnant of
the estate, consisting of cash to the
amount of $78,000. to Archbishop Rior
dan and Mrs. Michael Davitt in equal
shares.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
111S Broadway, March 21.
Journeys From Arizona to
Fi£ht in Court for What
He Asserts Is Due Him
WILL BEGIX CONTEST
Michael Bice, Xephew of
Late 3Irs. Canning, Is Left
Out of Compromise byHeirs
The committee submits this plan in the
firm beMer that co-operation along the lines
on which the work of the board and Associated
Charities is parallel will not only be mutually
bencflclal. but will safeguard public expendi
tures and result la the Improvement of ite.
condition of the poor. Very respectfully yourn,
JOHN D. ISAACS.
CHARLES R. BROWN, '.<
B. II. PENDL.ETON,
Committee. ¦
The AmsocUted Charities will render to the
Board of Supervisors a written report giving
the facts in each case and the deductions
therefrom, the final decision to rest with the
board.
The Associated Charities has made a
proposition to take charge of the Indi
gent relief work of the Board of Super
visors in Districts 3, 4 and 5,' represent
ed by Supervisors Kelley,. Rowe and
Mitchell, and including Oakland, Berke
ley and most of Alameda. The organi
zation . purposes . to investigate the
claims of all applicants for relief and to'
report to the board upon all cases. To
cover the cost of inquiry the Asso
ciated Charities calls for a monthly fee
Of $100. '- ' ";i
In their communication the commit
tee eliminates Supervisorial Districts 1
and 2 because they are country dis
tricts.
A large percentage of the heavy ap
propriations for indigent relief Is used
in the city of Oakland. It is the pur
pose of the Associated Charities to
utilize its system in the work and to
cut down if possible the expenditures
in this field. The committee's letter is
as follows:
The Associated Charities, by the nature of
it* work, comes into close touch with many
of the poor of Oakland.
All cases eomlntr under its notice are care
fully investigated and' a complete record is
placed on flle in its office.
Believing that the facts thvu acquired and
the experience of it* investigating force would
be of benefit to the Supervisors in their ad
ministration of outdoor relief, the Associated
CharltJen submit to' your honorable body the
following plan of co-ooeratlon to cover Su
pervisorial districts 3. 4 and 6:
The Associated Charities offers to Invest!"
gate th* capes of all indleents at present on
the list of these districts for the sum of $100
& month, such investigation to be completed
within feur. months of the date upon which
it Is begun, and to Include all applications for
relief made within that time in the three dis
trict*.- The sum of J100 will be for the. salary
of a trained investigator, the uee of a con
veyance when necessary and any and all In
cidental expenseB.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, March 2L
The motion for a nonsuit^ was made
to-day immediately after the reading of
a number of letters written in affection
ate terms by Mrs. Barrie to her nephew,
Fred Wade, extending over a period of
time when she alleges Wade was in
league with her husband to disrupt her
family, these letters being a direct con
tradiction of her testimony. Barrie, the
husband, did not wish the motion for a
nonsXiit to be pressed, as he wished to
put In testimony to refute the charges
of attempted poisoning, Immorality and
ylce<rriade against him and his family.
Attorney Lin Church made a statement
to this effect to the court, but said he
deemed it his duty to his client to take
the advantage the law gave him.-;..
Mrs. Eliza Barrie was denied a di
vorce to-day by Judge Ogden because
he said he believed she was insane and
that her charges were fabrications and
the product of a disordered Imagina
tion; that letters she wrote some time
ago positively refute the testimony she
had given on the stand in the last few
days. The Judge granted a motion for
nonsuit without any testimony being
put in to controvert the heinous charges
made by Mrs. Barrie against her hus
band and members of his family.
l In regard to the case Judge Ogden
said afterward: "This is one of the
most peculiar cases that has ever come
before me." From my observation and
what I have learned of Insane people
as an Insanity Commissioner I believe
this to be a good example of a person
suffering from neurosis. With such
people their affliction turns them
against truth and those nearest and
dearest to them. In this case a woman
has turned against her husband, who
had done everything for her. and ac
cording to her own testimony she had
no prejudice against him until he took
her to an asylum, and yet prior to that
time she has charged him with immor
ality of every description. While she
seemingly told a straight story and re
members dates and circumstances, an
analysis of her testimony shows it .to
be a fabrication, although I believe the
woman thinks what she is telling is the
truth."
Oakland Office Pan Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, March 21. *
DEMANDS SHARE
OF THE ESTATE
Supervisors of City Districts
Are Invited to Turn the
Cases Over to Organization
City Engineer Turner submitted a re
port and an estimate of $2,200,000 as the
cost of a pipe line distributing system,
pumping station and reservoirs for a
municipal water plant. This included
cost of metering the city.
Oakland Lodge No. 3, Knights of the
Royal Arch, filed a communication re
questing the City Council to amend the
liquor .license ordinance so that permits
to procure saloon licenses shall run
continuously without annual renewal,
as now required. The lodge also urged
that the issuance of liquor licenses be
limited to the number now in force, or
less. Offer of co-operation of the or
ganization In the investigation of ap
plications for licenses was made. The
matter was referred to the committee
of the whole.
An informal conference of represen
tatives of the Peralta Heights and
Boulevard Improvement Club, the Oak
land Transit Consolidated and J. H.
Macdonald, the nominal holder of the
Fourth-avenue cut-off railroad fran
chises, was held In the Council commit
tee rooms, with the result that the pro
test against the Macdonald franchises
was temporarily withdrawn. An
nouncement was made 'that for the
time being action would be deferred.
It was said a new arrangement will be
negotiated.
As chairman of the Special Bond
Committee, Councilman Howard said
the Council would be in a position to
take-up that report on Monday night
and settle as to the items. Howard
withdrew a resolution he introduced
directing the City Attorney to draw, a
stipulation to dismiss the water rates
suit. It was explained that during Mr.
Howard's absence the Council had
voted to, continue the appeal in the
case.*
.Councilman Cuvelller Introduced in
the City Council to-rilght p. provisional
water rates ordinance for 1904-05 mak
ing a r horizontal cut of 10 per cent to
Individual rate-payers in the water
rates now In force/municipal rates to
remain as at present.
¦ The Councilman explained that he
wanted the bill referred to the com
mittee of the whole to rest there until
it was determined whether the proposed
board of arbitration on the value of
the Contra .Costa Water Company's
plant should be able to report in time
for the Council to use the figures for
rate-fixing purposes. Cuvellier said he
had of his own volition gone to William
J. Dlngee, president of the water com
pany, to discuss the matter and Dingee
had given^ a verbal pledge that if the
City Council would accept a 10 per cent
cut the "company would not contest,
but that If a heavier cut should b^
made the company would go into the
United States 'courts and litigate all
this, provided the arbitration plan was
not completed.
Councilmen Meese, Howard, Pendlc
ton and Elliott spoke against the In
troduction of the Cuvellier ordinance
at this time, arguing that it was pre
mature. By consent the ordinance
went without reading to the committee.
Councilman Howard, in explanation of
the status of the board of arbitration,
said that a representative for the city
had been selected and was ready to gd
to work as soon as he was summoned.
Howard believed that within ten days
the water company would be ready to
name its engineer and that the report
of the board could be rendered In thirty
days after the third man had been
selected.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
j 1118 Broadway,, March 21.
Says If Measure Is Passed
Litigation in United States
Court Will Be Avoided
Says Her Tales Against Hus
band Are Fabrications of
a Disordered Imagination
TELLS OF ITS PURPOSE
The resolution was signed by W. H.
Hopkins, R. H. Elliott, W. H. Boynton,
W. R. Jewell. R. P. Newcomb and B.
S. Xorton, the sophomore class com
mittee, and W. C. Davis, W. J. Hanna,
J. J. Crow. L. H. Cromwell, S. J. Hume
and Charleg L. Haley. These adopted
the resolutions this morning after they
had been addressed by the seniors, who
admonished them' that the faculty
¦would expel any man engaging in a
rush.
During the discussion on this resolu
tion in the class meeting it developed
that the belligerents wanted any kind
of a rush that could be had without
endangering their scalps. Some sug
gested that the freshmen, instead of
p-oing upon Charter Hill, go- upon Griz
zly Peak and dare the "sophies" to.
follow. In case this scheme is carried
out there will certainly be something
to settle with the faculty, and the end
ie not yet.
"Whereas, the faculty of the Univer
llty of California has taken active steps
to prohibit a rush on Charter day even
ing and the senior and Junior classes
have upheld them In their action, be
lieving it to be for the best interest of
the University; be it
"Resolved, That we, the undersigned
committees, representing tlie two un
der classes to consider the advisability
of having no Charter day rush this
year, do hereby make this decision, pro
vided the freshmen class pledges itself
to sustain its committee: We pledge
ocrselves that neither class go upon
Charter Hill on the evening of Charter
day, 1904."
When the recommendation came up
for a vote the second time the parti
fans were more evenly divided, but to
avoid a second defeat the so-called
"programmers" forcibly threw a lot of
the "rough house" element to their
•ide, in this way carrying the day. The
recommendation finally, adopted reads:
The rule of might figured largely in
the decision. In the first place the
freshmen voted down a proposal to in
dorse the recommendation of the class
<-«jmmittee that there be no rush. This
vote laid bare the fact that there is a
belligerent spirit in the class, at least
three-fourths being in f^nor of the
! <~>ugh house.
The 75 per cent vote against the
adoption of peace measures for Char
ter day ought to have been enough to
have settled the committee's recom
mendation forever, but it didn't. By
some inexplicable method of reasoning
the presiding officer and class presi
dent, W. C. Davis, ruled that the vote
vas all wrong and in the midst of the
disturbance It was decided to try it all
over again.
Out of a potpourri of bad parliamen
tary rulings, motions and re solutions
at the meeting <jt the freshmen class
ct the University of Calirornia this aft
ernoon came a decision that the class
not 'rush against the sophomores
on Charter day. which falls on Wed
r^Bday. This decision was not evolved
strictly according to Hoyle, but it was
achieved after a fashion and it will
serve its purpose.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
214S Center Street, March 21.
_ — ¦-+ — —
Programmers Have a Hard
Time Sustaining the Rec
ommendation Not to Fight
MIGHT CARRIES THE DAY
SEES CHANCE TO SAVE
BELIEVES HER INSANE
After Several Queer. Parlia
! mentary Hillings, Conser
vative Element Wins Out
Councilman Cuveliier Offers
Provisional Ordinance Re
ducing, the Water Kates
Active Workers From All Parts of California Gather
at the Union-Street Presbyterian Church, Oak
land, and Many Interesting Discussions Ensue
FORCE DEFEATS
RUSH PROJECT
Associated Charities Has a
Proposition to Investigate
All Claims for Assistance
WOULD HANDLE
COUNTY POOR
WOULD SPIKE
DINGEE'S GUNS
a Decree on Ground That
She Is Not Kesponsible
Judge Ogden Refuses Her
DENIES DIVORCE
TO MRS. BARRIE
EVANGELISTS CONFERENCE
IS CONVENED IN OAKLAND
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISCO s'CALL; TUESDAY,' MARCH 22, 1901.
6
ADVERTISEMENTS.
b the great flesh producer.
Thirty years have proved its
effeciency in throat and lung
troubles and all wasting diseases.
Do not try substitutes; es-
pecially now, when cod liver
oil is so scarce and high. They
are mostly all adulterated with
seal or other cheap oils.'
Scott's Emulsion is always
(he same.. The cod liver oil
used is absolutely pure; all the
other ingredients are also
carefully selected and of the
finest quality. V^.
EMULSION
SCOTT'S EanJLSION.
Artificial Teeth at Cost,
We! guarantee to' fit the hardest
mouths anld furnish a serviceable,
natural-looking set of teeth for the
mere cost of material. Teeth With-
out Plates a Specialty. Gold. Silver
and Bone Fillings.
EXTRACTION FREE.
. CLEANING TEETH FREE,
PAINLESS METHODS.
GRADUATES ONLY.
Week Days, 9 to 9; Sundays, o to 1.
Post-Graduats Denial College,
San Praacltco— 3 Taylor Street.
Oakland — 973 Washington Street.
San Jose— 45 sast Santa Clara Street.
Sacramento— 407 J Street.
BERKELEY.
S148 Center Street.
Telephone North 71.
ALAMEDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Eafile 502.
Telephone Main I08X
OAKXiAXD.
1118 Broadway.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTYPolicemen Catch Burglar.
Policemen Lycett and Dave Murphy
arrested a young man named John G.
Moran In a lodging-house at 459 Geary
street last night and placed his name
an $he detinue book at the Central po
lice station. Moran had entered, two
rooms with the aid of skeleton keys
and from one had stolen a guitar. A
number of pawn tickets were found in
the -prisoner's possession,; and it is be
lieved he Is responsible for other thefts.
HAT WARDS. March 21. — S. D.
Warren, an old resident of Alameda
County, died to-day at his home In
Hay wards after a long illness. The de
ceased was formerly engaged In fruit
raising. Warren was a widower and
leaves one son, Edward Warren.
Death of Old Resident.
Edwin R. Campbell, aged about 70
years, died suddenly yesterday in a
lodging-house at 641 Washington
street. He has nieces living Jn Ham
ilton. Ohio. :
E. R. Campbell Dies.
UKIAH. March 21. — Jasaes Seraaton dltd
from morphine poisoning tills morotes. The
deceased was troubled with asthma and. It Is
supposed, took an overdose. Be was an East
ern man and leaves a family.
By order of the Board of Public
Works a- number of butter boxes,
which have been obstructing the side
walks in the. wholesale district, were
loaded on drays and carted off to the
corporation yard yesterday. They were
taken from the premises at 325 Front
street, 320 Front street, California and
Front streets. 303 Front street arid 115
California street. A redemption fee of
10 cents each will be charged on the
boxes, and as they are worth much
more than this amount the wholesalers
are only too willing to redeem them and
promise not to offend in the future.
Clearing Sidewalks.
; BAKERSFIELD, March 21. — The
| remains of a Mexican whose name has
' not been learned were found on the
Southern Pacific track at GIrard in
the Tehachapl Mountains. The man
is believed to* have been run over some
time last night. He was a rider in the
: employ of the Kem County Land
Company at the Bear Mountain ranch
i near that ooint. : -V'
Mexican Killed by a Train.
Death yesterday morning claimed a.
widely known and popular railroad
man In the person of William J. Mc-
Mullin. assistant general passenger and
freight agent of the California Xorth
western Railway. Death was due to
heart failure and came after a week's
Illness. Deceased was 43 years of age
and leaves a widow and two young
children. He had been connected with
the San Francisco and Xorth Pacific
Railway and its successor/the Califor
nia Northwestern, for many years in
various capacities and was a man
greatly admired by his employers and
associates in the railroad office.
Weil-Known Traffic Man Dead.
PETALUMA, March 21. — J. B.
Sweetzer, a pioneer resident and cap
italist of Marin County, died sudden
ly here to-day at the home of his
daughter, Mrs. J. B. Burdell. The de
ceased resided at Nova to. where he
had large land holdings. He has been
prominently Interested in Marin Coun
ty politics. lie leaves two children.
Mrs. Burdell and J. B. Sweetzer Jr. of
Nova to. Sweetzer was a native of
Maine and was 64 years of age.
Mnrin Pioneer Is Dead.
Short Illness.
D. D. Shattuck, one of California's
oldest pioneers and head of one of the
oldest commission houses in this city,
died Sunday afternoon after a short
attack of aggravated grip.
Despite his advanced age Mr. Shat
tuck took an active part in the man
agement of his business, until within
a few days of his death, when he was
stricken by the illness that proved
fatal.
In the year IS 62 Mr. Shattuck es
tablished the first commission house
in San Francisco. The establishment
was on Front street and carried on a
very profitable business. Several
times during the ensuing few years the
management of the firm was changed,
with the exception of Shattuck, who
remained in the partnership up to the
present time.
In the early days of the California
D. D. Shattuck Passes Away After a
AGED MERCHANT DIES.
Special' Dispatch to Tie Ca".
SACRAMENTO. March 21.— Whit*
the open shop principle was put imo
effect by the Citizens' Alliance to-day
It made no change in the labor situa
tion. The Alliance had announced tha.c
work would be resumed to-day and that
union men must expect to labor along
side non-union men. The men report
ed for work this morning, but when in
formed that tne open shop rule would
prevail they declined to enter upon
their employment. Not more than half
a dozen non-union men were put to
work throughout the city.
P. H. Scullin has arrived here from
San Francisco for the purpose of. pro
moting - a movement for the arbitratloa
of the present difficulty between the
employers and the unions in the build
ing trades. He will address a public
meeting Wednesday night at isnich
Mayor Hassett will preside- He sa; »
he has called on Governor Pardee and
the latter has told him he would be
pleased to act as a mediator Is t'.:»
present difficulty, "j
The situation is practically un
changed and both sides appear de
termined—the Citizens' Alliance that
this shall be an open-shop town and
the union men that they shall not ucdtr
any circumstances work alongside non
union men.
REDWOOD •CTTT. Marc 5 II.— Frask Olion.
drl-w of s b*Jtery wa*on la flaa IU-.n. was
vtrnclt by a train at B«r««tord aod fcatamly
killed. The wassn wu smashed Into "*.;r.-i'.:r.i
wood and th* body of Olsoo was nsanzled.
Xotbics la known of Ma family or antecedecta.
VANCOUVER, B. C, March 21. —
John Spittal, a hunter and trapper,
was found dead last- night in his cabin
on Lulu Island, ten miles from Van
couver. He had a bullet hole in the"
back of his head. The door of the
shack was found secured on the out
side with a locked padlock. Spittal's
two guns were missing and there was
a strange coat in the room where the
body was found. Xo gun was found
inside the house. There Is no clew to
the murderer.
Vancouver Man Meets Death by a
Bullet Wound and Circumstances
Point to Crime.
IIUXTER FOUND DEAD AXD
MURDER IS SUSPECTED
Because the administration of the
Chinese exclusion act is nov confined to
the Department of Commerce and La
bor, it has been necessary for Secre
tary Hay to call upon Secretary Cor
telyou to assist in the formation of the
new treaty. Secretary Cortelyou will
deal with those sections of the treaty
which practically prescribe the regu
lations that shall govern the admission
of Chinese of the higher class and the
exclusion -of coolies. Secretary Hay
will take care of the diplomatic sec
tions of the treaty. While much reti
cence is' observed at present as to the
lines upon which the new convention
is being formed, there Is reason to
believe that it will be more liberal In
treatment of Chinese who desire to en
ter the United States, when they are
not actually of the coolis class, than
the existing treaty. There also may
be. made provisions for the entry of
Chinese laborers into the Panama
canal strip, though this is not certain.
An attempt also has been made to
avail of this opportunity to make more
extensive use of Chinese labor In the
Philippines.
WASHINGTON, March 2L— A new
treaty regulating the admission of Chi
nese into the United States is in prep
aration. The existing treaty, which
was made by Secretary Gresham and
Minister "Wu In 1S99, will expire next
December by limitation.
Covenant Now Existing Be
tween the Nations Will
Expire Xext December
Labor Situation in the
Capital of the State
Is Not Yet Improved
CHINESE TREATY
TO BE REVISED
UNION FORCES
REMAIN FIRM
SALINAS, March 21. — From Mon
4orey comes a report that on Friday
night some eighteen or twenty pri
\"ates and non-eommissioned"' officers
of the Fifteenth United States Infan
try, ¦while on leave, visited a house
occupied by a Chinese, against whom
several of the soldiers had a grudge.
The soldiers at once drove the inmates
out and then assaulted the proprie
tor, whom they beat about the head
and body so badly that serious results
are feared. District Attorney Treat
and Sheriff Nesbitt went to the scene
and after an investigation made yes
terday had some of the assailants ar
rested.
Privates of Fifteenth Infantry, at
Monterey, Wreak Vengeance on
a Mongolian.
SOLDIERS BEAT CHINESE
AND WRECK HIS HOUSE
NAPA. March 21.— William Miller,
one of Napa's early pioneers and high
ly respected citizens, died this morn-
Ing at his home south of Napa. Death
was due to ii serenal breakdown from
old age. The deceased was 75 years
of age and a native of Antrim, Ire
land. He came to California and set
tled in Napa in 1S57. residing in this
city for the last forty-seven years.
Mrs! Miller died about twelve years
ago. The following children survive
him: William Miller, Anton Miller,
Miss Augusta Miller, Mrs. Marie Mc-
Coffrey of Napa, Miss Lizzie Miller of
Merced County and Mrs. Ella Craw
ford of Santa Cruz.
Death of Nap** Pioneer.
The funeral will take place to-mor
row afternoon al 2 o'clock from the
Richmond Congregational Church. In
terment will be at Laurel Hill Ceme
tery.
market Shattuck was one of the stock
holders and was a well known figure
to ail old San Franciscans.
Shattuck was a member of the Cal
ifornia Commandery of the Knights
Templar, Oriental Lodge, and a direc
tor of Laurel Hill Cemetery Associa
tion and of the board of trustees of
the Mercantile Library.
Three daughters and one son sur
vive.
-inij I-'e Clubs .New Officers
Tne >anta w <_iuD, composed or em
ployes of the traffic and operating of-
Qcefl of in? Santa Fe road, has elected
ihe following new ofScers: President.
<>. W. Lehmer. ag«*nt at Stockton;
vice president. F. J. Herring-ton, claim
ndjuster; secretary and treasurer. Otto
Z"us: executive committee — J. L.
Blair, general agent at Sacramento;
H. R. Sterne, general agent at San
Jose: J. J. Warner, commercial agent
it Oakland.
OAKLAND. March 21. — Showers in
creased the seasonal rainfall .41 of an
Inch up to 1 o'clock this afternoon, a
a total of 26.01 inches for the winter,
as compared with 20.77 inches to cor
responding date last year.
Rainfall Record.
THREE BUSINESS MEN WHOSE
DEATH WILL BE MOURNKD BY
SAX FRANCISCANS
BECOMES A PARTNER.
Mr. Grant then became a partner in
the old house of Eugene Kelly & Co.,
and remained there until 1S62, when the
Donohoe-Kelly Banking Company was
formed and the dry goods business
turned over to the * newly organized
partnership of Murphy, Grant & Co..
consisting of D. T. Murphy, who after
ward made his headquarters in New
York; Adam Grant, John Deane and :
Thomas Breeze. All these familiar fig
ures in San Francisco business life
have now joined the majority. I
The house was incorporated several j
years ago. with Mr. Grant as president j
and principal shareholder. Its business j
has for many years made it one of the |
most important establishments on the j
Pacific Coast. Mr. Grant will be sue- i
ceeded in the management of the cor
poration's interests by his only son, Jo
seph D. Grant, who for some years has
been active in its affairs.
At the time of his death Mr. Grant
was president of the Donohoe-Kelly
Banking Company and a director in the
Bank of California and the Security !
Savings Bank. He was largely inter
ested in real estate and held stock in
the Geary Street Railway Company
and other corporations. IVIr. Grant was
also an honorary member of the Scot
tish Thistle Club. His fortune Is esti
mated at several millions.
In 1S37 Mr. Grant married Miss
Emma Gummer, who. with their son
named above, survives him. The funeral
sen-ices will be held at the family
home. 1112 Bush street, on Wednesday 1
morning at 9:45 o'clock. The interment
will be at Mountain View Cemetery,
Oakland.
sand'oaggers.'
one evening Grant asked his employer
if he should not remain with him till
Jansen was ready to leave also, but the
latter said no. A few minutes later
Jansen was sandbagged by a trio of
thugs in his own warehouse. Grant
was the first witness examined by the
late Hall McAllister on the (rial of the
During his employment with Jansen
& Co. the assault on Mr. Jansen was
committed that led to the organization
of the Vigilantes. On leaving the store
The second month his pay was in
creased to $250. At the end of the third
month he was offered by Jansen a
partnership in the firm, but refused
It. apparently seeing something better
ahead in another business connection.
Reaching San Francisco, he arranged
at once to leave for the mining region
Oft the Sierras, but while walking alon^
one of the business streets of the in
fant citv he passed some dry goods
boxes .c-a the sidewalk in front of a
wholesale house. The habits bred by
his years in this business were strong
within him. and he suddenly decided
to throw over his mining schemes and
apply for a position in the dry goods
house. It was the establishment of
Jansen & Co.. long prominent in the
mercantile annals of the city, but espe
cially famous In the history of the Vig
ilantes.
"Have you a job for me?" the young
man asked Mr. Jansen.
"Can you speak Spanish?" Jansen
asked In reply.
"No, but I can speak Gaelic," was
the Highlander's answer. Jansen hard
ly thought that tongue would do as a
substitute for the language of the then
majority of Calif ornians. but he agreed
to give the youth a trial. Grant went
to work on a salary of 330 a month.
Tb" decease was born in Suther
landshire, Scotland, in 1?2?, his parents
being Alexander and Margaret Murray
Grant, sturdy Highlanders of ancient
lineage. He left home at the age of 11
to join an uncle who was then the
leading merchant at Buffalo, N. Y. In
this establishment young Grant learned
the methods of a business in which
he was all his life a master. When
the California gold rush began the
youthful merchant caught the fever
and started west with the aim of mak
ing his fortune in the "diggings." But
he was not destined for the mines.
In later life he delighted to tell of
hi3 experiences on the trip to Califor
nia, which ended with his arrival in
this city In June, 1S50. He came via
Panama, and there found himself an
object of hostility among the natives.
This was due to a long standing con
flict between the Panamans and the
ever changing stream of North Ameri
cans bound f«r California. Grant and
his party, while crossing the isthmus
on mules, were attacked and narrowly
escaped with their lives.
BUSINESS CALLS HIM.
Adam Grant, one of the oldest and
most successful merchants of San
Francisco, died at his honte, 1112 Bush
street, at 7:10 o'clock yesterday morn
ing. The cause was heart failure. Mr.
Grant had been iil for several weeks,
losing flesh rapidly and gradually
growing weaker, and owing to his ad
vanced age his physicians found it im
possible to- suggest a remedy.
Eventful Career of Pioneer Merchant
and Banker Ended by Death.
ADAM GRANT PASSES AWAY.
SAN JOSE, March 21.— The Mount
Hamilton range was covered with snow
this morning:. There is some snow
on the summit of the Santa Cruz
range, and there was an early frost,
too light, however, to be of damage
to fruit buds. The rainfall during the
past three days has been sixty-one
hundredths of an inch here, and in the
foothills about three times as much.
NAPA, March 21.— The rainfall for
twenty-four hours preceding T o'clock
Monday morning amounted to sixty
hundredths of an inch. The total for
the season to date is twenty-seven
inches and fif.ty-two-hundredths. Mt.
St. Helena and the range thereabouts
are covered with a heavy fall of snow.
There was a heavy frost in Napa this
morning and the weather continues
cold.
REDDING, March 21.— Hailstones on
an average of three-quarters of an inch
in diameter and some as large an an
inch fell at Bully Hill, -where the De
La Jlar smelter Is located, east of
Redding. Saturday and Saturday night.
To-day another big storm raged in
that section and Redding received the
benefit of it. The storm of Saturday
evening was the severest ever felt in
the county. The storm came from the
south and seemed to break In two
about Cottonwood. The heaviest part
of it traveled northeastward, taking ia
the Afterthought, Bella Vista, De La
Mar. Bully Hill, the Cow Creek and
Still water .districts and passing north
over the Grey Rocks and Balrd.
At Bully Hill the fury of the storm
was intense. The downpour of rain
was accompanied by a severe bom
bardment of thunder, vivid lightning
and hail. No ptirticular damage was
done to the smelter or to any build
ings. In the path of the storm, but
roads were badly washed out and
travel suspended for a day. The storm
was so severe that horses could not
face it. The rainfall, in Redding for
the season is fifty-four inches and still
raining.
BALLARD. March 21. — One-sixteenth
of an Inch of rain fell here last night,
followed by a heavy north wind. Al
though rain is not absolutely necessary,
yet it would be welcome to fanners
and stockmen. {
Special Dispatch to The Call
Animals Are Unable to
Withstand Downpour and
Roads Are Washed Out
odist Episcopal Church. 129 Haigh:
ctreet. The enjoyable affair had been
Rrrar.ged as a spontaneous testimonial
cf the regard and esteem in w hich the
successor of Dr. Beard is held. The
Bpacfooa rooms in w hich the gathering
was h^ld had been tastefully deco
rated with gTeen for the occasion
and yrere filled with a large number of
frSends of the Rev. Mr. Willis and
his v.-ife.
ilr?. J. R. Fimms. president of the
Deaconess Bureau, presided and in
troduced the speakers of the evening.
Mrs. Robert McClelland, on behalf of
the Deaconess Bureau, delivered the
address of welcome.
The Rev. John Stephens, pastor of
Simpson Memorial M. E. Church.
*=qoke on behalf of the pastors of the
i tty and the faculty of the school.
Mrs. F. D. Bovard of the Women's
Honi* Missionary Society was the next
speaker and was followed by Miss
Cheney as the representative of the
«i«*2conesses of the Methodist church.
Miss Lewis next voiced the sentiments
cf the pupils of tlie school.
Interspread between the speeches
¦n t-r<* vocal selections by Mrs. Georg-3
Norton. Misses Waltz. Miss Carrie
Kulas? raid G. N. Nash. Dr. Wil
\\% replied feelingly to the many
j-ddresses. He paid a tribute to th?
memory of his predecessor and said
that it would be his aim to follow in
hla footsteps. He also dwelt upon
Mrs. Willis' reluctance to leave their
field of work in Napa and cited an
instance of hearing her sobbing dur
-!ng the Tiigtit after the announcement
that they intended leaving that city.
Dr. Willis also spoke of the grand
. -work that had be*»n accomplished by
rhf- nobl^ women of the Methodist
church. He told how grateful he was
for th^ reception that had been ac
conJed him.
Mrs. Willis was then introdu^^d and
ri-ide a brief address. Those present
¦« »r» th*»n introduced to Dr. and Mrs.
Willis. aft*»r whi«-h "ijeht refreshments
w^r«» served. Th« !a*.e Dr. James X.
H»»*rd. whom Dr. Willis succeeds, died
In Bt. Louis !a*t January after a brief
iHr.«>«s. Dr. Willis, befor? coming to
thi« rity. was the pastor of the
Methodist Episcopal church in Xapa.
Rev. E. E. Willis. D. D.. new pres
ident of the National Training School,
vice the late Rev. James N. Beard,
was tendered a reception last night
at the Deaconess Home of the Meth-
Deaconess Home of Metlio-i
<li-t Episcopal Church Is
Scene of Enjoyable Affair \
At the time of his death Mr. Grace
was president of several banking firms
in the East besides the largest export
ing house in the United States.
From a comparatively small organi
zation Mr. Grac gradually built up
his business until he had finally estab
lished branch houses in all parts of the
world, notably in Loifion, Llira,
Valparaiso . and San Francisco. He
was president of the New York and
Pacific Steamship Company, the ves
sels of which ply between New York
and South American ports. He was
president of the Lincoln National Bank
of New York, the Terminal warehouses
xind the Sargcant-Ingersoll Drill Com
pany of New York. He leaves a wife,
two sons and th'm daughters, all of
whom are living in New York.
The deceased was born in Gracefield,
County Connell. Ireland, in 1S32. and
lived there until 18€S, when he sailed
for New York*
In 1S71 Mr. Grace fame to San Fran
cisco, whfsre he was connected with the
firm of John W. Grace, of which his
brother was president. In 15T3 he re
turned to New York, where he engaged
in national and municipal politics. Be
sides serving two terrr.s as Mayor of
Xeiv York City, Mr. Grace led the In
dependent Democracy in New York in
face of the opposition of the Tammany
organization. The result was the nom
ination of Grover Cleveland for his sec
ond term.
The death of William R. Grace in
New York City yesterday morning
marks the close' of the career of one of
America's foremost polititians and
merchants. He was resident of the
firm of W. R. Grace & Co. Last Decem
ber h- was afflicted by pneumonia, but
despite his advanced age recovered.
Shortly afterward he was prostrated by
a second and fatal attack.
XEW TORK. March 21.— Former
Mayor William R. Grace died of pneu
monia to-day at his residence in this
city. He was in his seventy second year.
MANY MAKE ADDRESSES!
:¦
HAIL AN IXCH THICK
Eain and Wind Severest
Known in Shasta "County
and Travel Is Impeded
¦
Successor of Late Reverend)
James X. Beard Tendered
Reception by His Friends!
Adam Grant, Distinguished as One of San Francisco's
Most Successful Business Men, Passes Away— D.
D. Shattuck, Commission Man, Dies of La Grippe
TESTIMONIAL
TO DR. WILLIS
STORM RAGES
NEAR REDDING
FORMER MAYOR GRACE DIES
OF PNEUMONIA IN NEW YORK
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY; MARCH 22. 1004.
7
Tired of the Insane Ward.
Carrie L. O'Brien, who Is confined
in the hospital for the alleged insane
at. the City Hall, claims that she Is be-
Lns illegally restrained o£ her liberty.
She yesterday applied for her release
on a writ of habeas coruus. "\
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ORDER F"OR THE
GREAT TWENTIETH CENTURY COOK BOOK.
XtU Till Order to Ttt 8sa Tr*aelico Can wit* T3a.
The San Francisco Call.
San Francisco. CaL:
Inclosed herewith please find 75c for which send me on*
copy of The Call's Great Twentieth Century Cook Book (Fifty
Cents is The Call's Premises rate to all its six-month subscrib-
ers to the daily and Sunday paper, and the additional 25c is
to prepay shipping charges.)
siGNEr Ui .....«-
STREET ..« .-«-
CITY ...„«-
STATE .-.....;....•
ADVTBTISEMENTS.
FBAGEBS
I This Will Be
I Your Lucky Day at r
I There Will Be Something Doing. 1
I Don't, Miss It. |
| ! || ATJWMTS RELIABLE |
I \* 1238- 1250 MARKET ST,^ i
\ It Costs You Nothing f
1 to Find Out g
JTiiat You Can Save I
f$ Money, time, trouble when planning
gf your trip to St. Louis or Chicago by ¥\
m using the Union Pacific We have m
g throueh trains, fine tourist cars, splen- H
S ' did scenery. See U
I S. r. BOOTH, General Agent, J
!^L I Montgomery Street, B
Or any Southern Pacific Agent. JW
Do You Receive These Wireless Messages?
They Are About Your Health.
When your health goes the least bit wrong, a wireless message
is sent to your brain.
¦¦ It says something like thb : ¦¦
" You are not quite well-take a dose of
aso at once and It will put you right." &a
Do you attend to these messages when you receive them?
You should do so. BEECHAM'S PILLS often prevent a serious
illnrss, and so prove themselves
> "WORTH A GUINEA A BOX."
* Sold Everywhere In Boxes, IOo» and 25c
] THE DISEASE
i OF CIVILIZATION IS
CONSTIPATION.
THE SAFEST AND QUICKEST
CURE FOR THIS EVIL^IS
NATURE'S LAXATIVE WATER.
NOT AN ARTIFICIAL
PREPARATION.
RELIEF COMES WITH
THE FIRST GLASS.
I ALWAYS ASK FOR
1 FULL NAME.)
IF YOU SIMPLY ASK FOR
HUNYADI WATER YOU MAY
BE IMPOSED UPON.
Every Woman
I V »r MARVEL V> turtinq Spr«y
v OSC'7% ttjtii. t*— «*• £*•*«»? B«t-s»J«
v^- G^VlSfl^W «t-MeitCc8TM;.*st.
— °^^5 ?^'W r^r^>| UU«»m»MU«uaUj.
fci»»a:«d bock-««-«-It tff ». /
f 1 p*rU<-cl*r«aad <*.!i»»t:ci!t 1b- .^v-,/,.. K
ialaab:* U> iafliw. JW ARVM. CO-
Txn BsU&KZ. New Tork.
yj^^^ttM ME!* AND WO ME!!.
(.^MryTjcgr^BW c»« Bir «sf3ro=»»tcr»j
jStBrtmiutda^Xi d:»chartMjBC»t:a»ti3Si,
£^af (iwuM ¦ lrriuueu or oleeratioM
fed. I ••< u nrtctcr*. cf cacan raen:br»ttt.
g»- A !¦*•*••» a»u»i««- riis:«ii, *nd »»t MtriB-
ffT7V>i EUIS r»EW gl'.C». f ««• or poiioicM.
VfjffA CIEIEI7I.8 EV3S B*ld br »r«i*l»ta,
«•».*. Jr&T' or •*«* <= *••'¦ w ™"T*i
r*Cn*t+ fc* «xpre»«. pr«?»!d. loe
xSBfiB&SSE&n •!-«•. cr»botile»«2.7».
• m orcslar MSloa nauit.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
ifctalc^uo and Frica Lists Uallal
en Application.
rEESH AJTO SALT KEATS.
JAi. LU1C3 (I \A). Cay. TeL M*in 1ZH.
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS; LEONARD & ELLIS.
«X8 frcnt «t. & F. Fhooa Mala 1718.
JPJLLB TZXTG.
I . C GCG&ESb 111 Euisoist it, S- r.The London News gives credit to a
cat storv . which . certainly attests
strongly to feline intelligence. It says:
"A cat at New Barnet, having bad her
kittens drowned on four occasions,
made provision thereagainst forthe fifth.
Opposite her master's house stands a
very tall elm tree, under which it is
said Bishop Latimer preached the night
before he was burned at the stake.
Pussy made a nest In a hollow up this
tree about, sixty feet.from the ground,
from which she regularly descended
twice daily to be fed. At the end of
some weeks, during a terrific thunder
storm, when^the five kittens which had
been born in the strange' and historic
place had reached the venturesome
6tage. Mrs. Tabby brought them down
one by one, crossing the road with
each . tightly held In her mouth, and
deposited them in the kitchen. The kit
tens were kept, and were eagerly sought
after when the circumstances became
known." . •
A Wise Cat.
There are questions, however,- which the bill of Cap
tain Daniels does not settle. The boundary between the
United States and Mexico, fixed by the treaty of Guada
lupe Hidalgo, was indefinite from where it left the Rio
Grande near Rincon and followed the Gila to its conflu
ence with the Colorado. To rectify the line and make it
definite, the United States sent General Gadsden of
;North Carolina to make a new. boundary treaty with
'Santa Anna, who was the President of Mexico, in 1853.
The result was; what is known as "the Gadsden pur
chase," by which we acquired for the sum of $16,000,000
an amorphous i-iece of land that, zigs and zags all . the
way from El Paso to Yuma and thence follows the ori
ginal line to the Pacific Ocean. • ' ¦¦[']¦
It was the t intention of the United States to run the
line due west from. El Paso, with the view of acquiring
the northern bight of the Gujf of California and controll
ing the mouth of the Colorado River! -When we paid for
OUR Washington correspondent notes the bill in
troduced by Captain Daniels, which declares the
waters of the Colorado River, to be more valua
ble for irrigation than navigation. .Upon their use for ir
rigation depends the conversion of the Colorado Desert,
in. Southern California, into extensive date orchards.
The Colorado carries a volume of water sufficient for
such conversion of the desert in addition to the diver
sions of the stream for irrigation after it emerges from
the Grand Canyon. "
THE COLORADO RIVER.
The people of San Francisco have seen the exhibit that
will represent our public school children at the St. Louis
Exposition. The display is an exceptionally, commenda
ble one and reflects high credit upon pupils and masters.
By their work our boys and girls have proved themselves
worthy of praise and good will. They have set a stand
ard that will make comparison with others easy.
The failure of the negotiations look-
Ing to peace In the California delega
tion and a speedy and satisfactory
t
What was I ever begun for?"
Sandwiched in with all the legisla
tion that is done this year is a great
deal of politics. The Congressional
Record Is called upon to do mission
ary work for both parties with its
every day's Issue. In the House ths
routine of business is relieved by fre
quent speeches of a purely political
character and the names of prominent
men and candidates are often ap
plauded when named. Even Cleve
land, who has been openly repudiated
by Democrats on the floor of both
houses, Rot a' cheer when' eulogized
by Mr. Patterson of Tennessee re
eently. But the demonstration that
followed the enthusiastic reference to
Speaker Cannon by William Alden
Smith as a possible some time Presi
dent provoked an ovation that leaped
from the floor to the galleries and last
ed several minutes despite the Speak
er's labor with his gavel. The refer
ence came durmgrthe heated discus
sion of Mr. Bristow's famous postof
fice report and the opportunity, so tak
en advantage of no doubt relieved a
pood many overwrought feelings, as
well as testified to the popularity of
the Speaker. The story is printed here
that just about the same time that
Mr. Cannon .was receiving this Presi
dential nomination by so representa
tive a body as the lower house of
Congress his county convention at
home was indorsing Mr. Roosevelt.
And this indorsement was forwarded
at once to the Speaker, who transmit
ted it to the President with his com
pliments and this couplet: '
"If I was bo soon" to be done for,
The little room where sits the Su
preme Court formerly, from 1800 to
1S59, was the United States Senate
chamber. Here sat Thomas Jefferson
£s the presiding officer in 1800 and
John C, Calhoun in 1S59. Here fig
ured Webster. Chase, Stephen A.
Douglas, Ben Wade and a long line
of distinguished men. It was In this
room that Preston Brooks assaulted
Charles Sumner. Here the Louisiana
purchase was determined. There is
a bill in Congress now for the con
struction of a splendid building for the
Supreme Court in the Capitol grounds,
but so there has been in almost every
Congress for many years. The bill
cannot muster strength to get
through. Though the approach to the
• ourtroom is not imposing- the room
itself is deemed adequate and its as
sociations hallow it Besides, it is
very convenient for the lawyers in
Fenate and Houce, who frequently
drop in to argue a case or to listen.
The opinion itself followed these and
then the dissenting opinions as quick
ly as they could be had for transmis
sion. Justice Harlan's opinion con
tained .24,000 words and the v.-hole story
with interviews as sent in some in
stances contained 20,000 words. The
proceedings of Congress and all other
matter was sidetracked for the time
being. No eueh test of capacity had
been applied to the telegraph wires In
AVashlngton for a long time. The
mountain of words, however, was
licked up in good time and other rou
tine handled as well. Among- the news
paper men there was little time for
talk during the day, but the next morn
ing in the press galleries It was the
pride and boast of every man that had
had anything to do with it that his
paper had sot to the street several
easy minutes !n advance of all of its
competitors. The decision was the
topic of the cloakrooms of both houses,
the lobbies, the departments and the
White House before the reajdlng had
concluded in the courtroom and so has
continued since with speculation as to
its wide and deep effect In politics
and business— as great, say the leaders,
in one as in the other.
BT S. W. WALL*.
<Sp«>clAl to The Call.)
WASHINGTON, March 21.— The
¦United States Supreme Court room is
In the old and main building of the
Capitol and is entered immediately off
e narrow passageway that is a part
of the thoroughfare that extends the
length of the building from the door
of the Senate to the door of the House
of Representatives in the north and
eouth wlng.«. The narrow passage sep
arates the courtroom from the clerk's
room ar.d opens directly into that ar
chitectural eccentricity known as Jef
ferson's welL In all the big building
this passage was the most frequented
on the morning of the merger decision
end the crowd in the courtroom over
flowed Into it. Before Justice Harlan
had fairly begun the reading, it was
known in the Senate and in the House
and members from each body joined
the rush. There had been a hint that
the opinion was to be handed down
end newspaper men already hud their
bulletins written to file. The mere an
nouncement that the decision had been
made was hurtled away over the wires
before it was known how it was to go.
This being announced, it became a race
between the several press associations
e.s well as representatives of gTeat
newspapers all over the country to get
to the wire and the wires to get the
messages away. The reading of the
opinion was followed :n its course by
a constant stream of bulletins to the
telegTaph operators in the lobby and
in the pre^s galleries.
Washington Gossip.
shoal of fish appeared and formed
themselves into a living bridge, over
which he crossed the river in safety.
On the other side he found an amiable
nation, who elected him their King, and
from him the present dynasty is* de
scended, or purports to be. which is
much the same. — Manchester Guardian.
The whaleman who escorted. himself the other day
with a brass band, decorated himself with flowers and
gave noisy demonstration to the idlers of the city that
his departure, to him at least, was worthy of spectacular
recognition is still a child of innocent inexperience. He
did. no more than many of us have done before and
many would like to do again. He simply did it in the
wrong way,
THE BUSY PETALUMA HEN.
G miming the Bar.
"The published information that
Frank Jordan, clerk of the Supreme
Court, had received a letter from
Washington, D. C, asking the feeling
out here among members of the bar as
to the advisability of their wearing
gowns in court," said a San Francisco
lawyer, "britgs to mind an incident
which occurred when that custom was
instituted in New York City a few
years ago. A Police Judge, smooth
shaven and austerely gowned in black,
had before him a small boy charged
with some slight infraction of the law.
Wishing to temper the judicial wind to
the municipal lamb, the Judge asked
the terrified offender, 'If I let you go
home .this time will you promise to be
good in the future?' The bewildered
boy looked at the gowned figure before
him, and apparently not being able
clearly to classify the legal being,
promptly answered, 'Yes, ma'am.* "
Debased French r Army.
The most significant of all the les
sons to be learned from the maneuvers
of the French army, which have been
recently concluded, 13 the failure in dis-'
cipline. Some incidents of the gravest
kind occurred while the maneuvers were
In actual progress. At Clermont-Fer
rand a sham fight was taking place
under a general of division. At the
moment of attack the general's staff
was fired upon. Happily, not one of
the officers was struck, but two horses
were killed. A number of men had se
creted several rounds of "live" car
tridges and had taken this murder
ous means of revenging themselves on
their commanders. At Xlort (Deux
Sevres) also, during the early days of
the maneuvers, a squadron of cavalry
refused to resume their march after a
short halt, alleging that they were en
titled to a longer period of repose. An
other case occurred at St. Mlhiel, where
two batteries of artillery abandoned
their pieces In the midst of, an action
as a protest against the insufficiency
of their rations.. The mutiny, of Poi
tiers occurred some months before the
maneuvers. A battery of artillery en
deavored to break out of barracks, and
it was only the presence of mind of a
senior sergeant in closing the barracks
gates and addressing the men that pre
vented a riot. Just about the same time
a rebellion broke out in the Ecole Poly
technique, where a number of students,
sitting for examination, left the hall as
a protest- against the introduction of
a new test subject. Students and ar
tillerymen were sent together to the
regiments in Africa, Afterward, how
ever, their sentence of expatriation was
revised by the Minister of War.— Pall
Mall Gazette.
A Breezy Funeral.
One of the strangest wills preserved
is that of a Mrs. Margaret Thompson,
who, "in the name of God, amen." di
rected that in her coffin should be
buried all her handkerchiefs and suffi
cient of the best Scotch snuff to cover
her body, says the St. James Gazette.
This she preferred to flowers, as "noth
ing could be more fragrant and so
refreshing as me as that precious pow
der." Further, the six greatest snuff
takers In the parish of St. James, West
minster, were to be her bearers. Six
old maids, each carrying in " her hand
a box filled with the best Scotch snuff
to- take for their refreshment as they
walked, were to carry the pall. Be
fore the corpse the minister was to
walk, carrying and partaking of a
pound of snuff. At every twenty yards
a large handful of snuff was to be de
livered to the bystanders, while at the
door of the testator's house were to
be placed for gratuitous distribution
two bus^ls of the same quality of
snuff. Several legacies depended upon
the fulfillment of the conditions of the
will, and all concerned were bidden to
regard the powder as the grand cordial
of nature.
Answers to Queries.
PROPER FORM— A Subscriber.
City. It is proper to say "a good sized
order."
PAINTER'S SWING — Subscriber.
City. Painters' swings are constructed
on the principle of the center of grav
ity.
RAZZLE DAZZLE— A. S.. City. In
the dice game of razzle dazzle the aie
becomes the equivalent of the highest
other dice.
BOXING— Subscriber. Menlo Park.
Cal. Such a book on boxing as you de
sire can be obtained through any flrst
class bookseller.
OF all animate nature probably no single individual
existence is more devoted to activity than the do
mestic hen. Long before "tired nature's sweet
restorer, balmy sleep," has fallen from the grateful eye
lids of mankind, the cheerful hen and her husband, gal
lant chanticleer, are astir. The husband of the feathered
females of the barnyard and chicken ranch is awake before
the sun sends its first beams over the eastern horizon,
and even may be heard stent6riously sending his chal
lenge to neighboring chicken coops not far from the
hour of midnight.
When the dew is on the grass chanticleer and his nu
merous wives, availing themselves of the still enduring
slumber of man, more especially of woman, arc likely to
be digging up the flower garden rnd the lawn and the
vegetable garden, and the, dirt flies as stout yellow legs
by'the score work with vigor and certain purpose. When
the- breakfast hour is over and there are scraps from the
table, the appetite of the hen familyyis still unapp?ased.
At the regular ration hours there are no visible reasons
why the roll should be called for the hens — they are "all
present or accounted for."
Every farmer's wife expends enough energy in a week
in "shooing" hens from prohibited haunts to perform
great stunts in the culinary line if the power were ex
clusively so directed. Small boys throw enough stones
at hens to make" them expert marksmen. A great indus
try is built up in the marketing of the hen family as the
basis of fricassee, chicken pie and other culinary prod
ucts dear to the palate of bloomy youth and rheumy
It is estimated that every hen is able, within certain
limits of its age. to yield an income of $l per annum
to its owner. . Theoretically, therefore, one has only to
raise 1,000,000 hens per annum to become a millionaire
in twelve months.
From every point of view the hen, therefore, is an
object of concern. Its cheerful duckings may be a
reasonable soliloquy or self-congratulatory remarks upon
its own usefulness. ¦ -* . : <
Some recent figures that are published in the Petaluma
Weekly Poultry Journal, which is an authority on hens
and all that appertains to "biddy," show that all the
other acts of the busy hen are surpassed by its industry,
in California at least, as a producer of eggs. Accord
ing to the statements of the veracious chronicler of the
egg-laying industry of Californi. -where the climate
enables the hens to work twenty-four hours every day
in the year — 3,407,334 dozen eggs were produced in
Petaluma and in the immediate vicinity of Petaluma last
year. Reduced to units from dozens the eggs that are
attributed to Petaluma hens in one short period of twelve
months numbered exactly 39,888,008, and all were good
eggs when they, were laid.
Can any other birds in the United States give so ex
cellent an account of" themselves? Laid end to end, and
contiguous, these eggs would form a chain that would
extend with an unbroken food supply, two eggs deep,
clear from San Francisco to Chicago. While the ac
tivity of h«ns in general is the subject of comment the
world over, that of the Petaluma hen is deserving of es
pecial commendation. Our. hat is taken off to the Pcta
luma-hen for her useful achievements, and may nothing
take place to addle her eggs and so curtail the immense
family of her worthy descendants that may spring from
them.
Dr. Qelir's Welcome.
The late Dr. H. H. Behr at times
gave voice In rhyme. The following bit
of verse in his peculiar vein was writ
ten by him for an occasion when mem
bers of the Bohemian Club had killed
the fatted calf to commemorate the re
turn of Dr. George Chismore after a
prolonged absence:
Apollo said in minor key,
To Eseulapius, M. D. :
"On Post, not far from K*arny street.
This very night good fellows meet.
To welcome home one tried and true.
Hie there in haste and Chlsmore greet!
For is he not your brother, too.
Since I proclaim myself his sire?
He spirts the eerpent-staff like you.
And I myself attune his ly.-."
The Difference.
"I once saw the art of successful
story telling exemplified in a very
prominent way," said Senator Foster of
Washington a few days ago in a com
pany of friends. "During one of our
political campaigns a speaker had un
dertaken to tell a story that was in
tended to bear upon Ignatius Donnelly,
who was opposing him. The story was
told laboriously, and -it was received
with all the solemnity that would be
expected during: a funeral sermon. At
its conclusion the story teller smiled
and looked over his audience to see if
he could detect a ripple of apprecia
tion, but there they alltsat with sol
emn faces. It had fallen perfectly flat.
"In a short time Mr. Donnelly arose
to reply, and referred to the story that
had been told by his opponent.
" 'That story,' he said, 'was intended
to reflect on me, but it didn't go. Now,
my friends,* he continued. 'I have a lit
tle story I want to tell you.'
"With that Donnelly retold the story
that had fallen flat It seemed to me at
the time that he repeated it word for
word, but from the time he began the
story until it was ended the audience
was convulsed. It was pronounced to
be the best story that had ever come
out of the Northwest."
"Tell us the story. Senator," one of
his friends suggested, becoming curious
to know more of that narrative, once
funereal in its effect and then laden
with the spirit of wit.
"Oh, no," replied the Senator. "I have
not sufficient confidence in my story
telling ability. Now that I have pre
pared you for the story as a remark
able one, it 'would be doubly hazardous
to attempt to repeat it."
Senator friends are willing
to offer a reward for that story, either
dead with flatness or alive with wit. Ht
any one can deliver It to them. They
are being consumed with curiosity to
know what it is, but the Senator can
not be induced to venture upon its tell
ing.—Washington Star.
SCROFULA— G. L. B., Novato. If
in a case of scrofula first-class physi
cians cannot give relief. It Is doubtful
if any advertised remedy will effect a
cure. Medical men, since the days of
Pliny, have sought to find a remedy
that is a positive cure, but have failed.
Some remedies have given relief, but
up to date none has proved an abso
lute cure.
War tacticians, who know so much, from the vantage
p,oint of distance and safety and lose no opportunity to
tell all they know and more that they suspect,. are sorely
puzzled to explain the military movements of Japan and
Russia in the field. Let the experts possess themselves,
in peace and patience. Wait until the great armies finish
a few of their contemplated actions, and then the fighting
sharps can say, with the rest of us— I fold you so.
If there be a^ny one that had doubts of the vigorous
health of the Missouri Democracy let him silence his
fears.. Missouri is in line and ready for the campaign.
The Kansas City contingent of the faithful met in con
vention . recently and only accident or an indulgent
providence 1 prevented riot, deadly encounter and blood
shed.- If' the Democrats could fight their foes as they do
themselves they would he impregnable. .
DIAMOND CUTTING GLASS—Sub
scriber, City. It has been ascertained
by a series of experiments that a dia
mond does not cut the glass, file fash
ion, but forces the particles apart, so
that a continuous crack is formed
along the line of the intended cut
The superficial crack need not b«
deep; a depth, according to fine meas
urements of a 200th part of an inch is
quite sufficient to accomplish the pur
pose. Stones, such as quartz and other
hard materials, when ground into
proper form will cut glass like a dia
mond, but are not so valuable for that
purpose, lacking the requisite hard
ness and soon losing the sharp edge
necessary to make the operation a suc
cess.
Towtvsend's California Glace fruits and
choice candles. In artistic fire-etched
boxes. A nice present for Eastern friends.
715 Market street, above Call building. •
Incredible as it may seem a powerful German trust is
seeking a combination with American and British trusts
to destroy what it fears will be disastrous competition.
It. would be difficult to conceive of a sterner retributive
justice than that which can destroy these 'vast aggrega
tions of capital by the very means used by them to kill
their competitors. Let the trusts fight. Their war is
everybody else's triumph. ,
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Pre«s Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cal-
Uornia street. Telephone Main 104*. •
A Korean Legend.
The origin of the Korean imperial
family, which is just at present ex
periencing the pressing attention of
both the devil and the deep sea, is
sufficiently picturesque— that is, if it
is possible to believe the legend which
relates it. It seems that the favorite
wife of the King of a certain province
in North China was walking along the
banks of a river, when she noticed
something approaching with the cur
rent. The something proved to be a
large egs, from whicb, when it was
broken, errrrged a boy child of great
beauty. She carried the Infant to the
King, who seems, however, to have
been of a skeptical turn of mind, for
he ordered the child to be at once
thrown into the royal sties, .which
housed a peculiarly savage breed of
pig. Far from killing the, child, how
ever, they lavished porcine attentions
upon him, which,' being related to the
King, caused him to repent, to have
the child brought back to the palace
and to name it "Light or the Orient."
The boy grew up to so 'many virtues
and other excellencies that the King
again grew jealous and sought his
death. The young man heard of it
and 1 fled. Closely pursued, he arrived
at the Yalu River. He fixed an arrow
Into the water and at once a great
Governor Vardaman could do good missionary work,
South and North, by inviting the Governors of all the
States to meet in convention to consider ways and means
by which to make good the oath they have taken to^see
that the laws are faithfully executed. This is one way
and a good way, to bring about a permanently* better
understanding between the North and South. It is a sub
ject of national importance. When the whole country
has passed a year without, a lynching, the patriotic pride
of our people will be restored, and we can look the other
nations of the world in the face without blushing for our
lawlessness and inhumanity. «
THE whole country hears with pleasure the protest
against lynching made by the Confederate vete
rans of Mississippi. It is a powerful utterance in
favor of law and humanity, and while it will be influen
tial'-in the South, it is no less a call to the North for co
operation in an effort to relieve our national reputation
of a stain that persistent lawlessness has puO upon it.
The Way for this action was prepared by the Governor
of Mississippi, who personally interfered to save the life
of .a negro from a mob that was bent on lynching him.
Governor Vardaman has been the object of much un
favorable criticism on account of his position upon the
school question and his advocacy of a taxation policy
that will cripple schools for the negroes. But this is
condoned by his courageous stand for the law. He has
done more good by the example he has set for blacks and
whites in his State to follow in support of the law than
his radical views on education can do harm. He has
rendered the whole country a distinct and valuable ser
vice, for which the North will give him full credit. .
We do not hesitate to say that the North needed his
example more than the South, for we have been the
critics of the South in respect to lynching, while at the
same time we have tolerated mob murders, in States
where the passions which cause those crimes have far
less excuse than in the South. What possible excuse is
there in States like Ohio, Indiana, Illinois; Kansas and
California for mob law and lynching? All of those
States boast of the intelligence of their people and the
independence of their courts. In every case of lynching
in them the law would have deajt adequate punishment
to the persons who were executed cruelly and unlaw
fully.
There is absolutely no excuse for lynching. Grant that
there are delays, and that sometimes a criminal escapes
through the folly of a jury, even that is better than to
injure the good name of a State and tarnish our national
reputation by resort to lj-nching. The good effect , of
this Mississippi movement will be felt in the South,
where the negroes, simple, ignorant and imitative, when
they see white men disobey the law, are themselves in
cited to violate it in their personal conduct.
Lynch law is anarchy in its most dangerous form. It
is proved that it is no restraint upon criminals. They
fear only the sure and orderly processes of the law, and
when it is administered promptly and fearlessly they
soon learn that escape from its punishment is impossi
ble. But lynch law they may evade, and its conspicuous
element is that the rage that it expresses is as often
turned against the innocent as the guilty. What possible
excuse was there, for instance, in the conduct of the re
cent Ohio mob, which, after lynching a negro, put the
torch to all buildings occupied by negroes, endangering
the lives of innocent women and children and threaten
ing the whole town with a general conflagration?
We have many national societies and organizations
that deal with issues of manners and morals, habits and
conduct. The Mississippi Confederates may well invite
their old comrades in arms throughout the South and
their old and gallant foemen in the G. A. R. throughout
the North to join them in a national movement against
lawlessness and lynching. Such a national society,
formed' originally by the veterans of both armies, would
be a service to the whole country as great as that which
these soldiers in their youth sought to render to their re
spective sections by enlisting to fight for an idea. If
such a movement become general, lynchers will not es
cape punishment as easily as heretofore. And when a
few score leaders in lawlessness, orth and South, are
suffering punishment by the law which they have vio
lated, mobs will be less common and respect for the law
will be greater. •
Every man, white and black, in this country needs the
protection of the law, and when this fails he has no safe*
guard for any of his rights. The only way in which one
man can be sure of legal protection is by considering it
his duty to see that every other man has the same. The
man who lets his passions lead him into joining a mob
to murder a criminal by lynching has simply endangered
himself by weakening the legal safeguards to which he
looks for his own defense.
, The cigar clerk stood this little bit
of pantomime for several mornings,
but when he realized that it was not
the intention of his visitor to repay
the accommodation by the pifrchasinff
of his commodities, patience ceased to
be a virtue.
One morning the runty man went
through his performance as usual,
when the clerk, advancing threaten
ingly toward him, said: *
"Here, now, I'll huve no more of
that. You get right out of here."
"Get out? Do you know who I
am?"
"No, I don't. Who are you, nny
way?"
"Why," in a confidential whisper,
"I'm the man that comes in here every
morning to light his pij>e."
He was a short statured son of toil.
Regularly every morning he would
wander into a downtown cigar store,
but not to buy. On entering the place
he would take out a disreputable look-
Ing clay pipe, fill the bowl with to
bacco and light it on the cigar lighter
which was placed at the end of the
counter. Then, after giving the pipe a
few puffs, .he would silently wander
out of the shop again.
Told Who He Was.
Representative, Metcalf has been be
fore the Sundry Civil Appropriation
Committee during the week urging an
appropriation for the purchase of th»
toll roads of Yosemite Park, for which
there is such urgent demand in Cali
fornia. The appropriation asked for I?
$208,750. Representative Needham makes
a special plea for the Merced Valley
read and $80,000 appropriation. Warren
B. English of Oakland is in the city In
behalf of the appropriation.
The offer of $1000 for the production
of a letter written by Representative
Victor Metcalf, wherein he asks any
body to line up anybody for him for the
United States Senatorship, which was
made by Mr. Metcalf at this same
meeting, still stands. The offer was
called out by a declaration of Senator
Perkins that the story of the letter
had come to him, but he said he did
not believe it and he would pay no
more attention to it than he would to
the other story which Metcalf had said
had come to him to the effect that he,
Perkins, was asking his influence In
behalf of Oxnard for Senator. Metcali
declared that he had assured Senator
Bard that he. Metcalf, would not enter
the lists against him should he be a
candidate and he would so reiterate.
The meeting, therefore, was not with
out interest though it failed of its pur
pose. The tart interchange has not
in itself done harm, for the failure of
the proposal must necessarily have left
some bitterness, and perhaps the frank
expression from both sides has served
to clear the atmosphere and effect a
better understanding.'
Bard disclaimed any intention of ap
pointing men objectionable to McLach
lan or any member of the delegation.
He had, he said, set for himself a rule
when he came to the Senate to recom
mend for reappointment all officers ap
pointed under the McKinley adminis
tration who had conducted their offices
properly. He had steadfastly observed
this rule save in the case of Frank
Flint. The appointment of Valentine
in his place was in response to the
urgent request of a group of men to
whose support he was largely indebted
for the honor of a seat in the Senate
and who had urged his nomination as
a recognition of a large element of the
Republican party In California. With
regard to Fickert, Bard said that he
and Perkins had agreed to leave the
appointment 'of his assistant to Wood
worth. Woodworth had recommended
the promotion of McKinlay and the ap
pointment of Fickert, ' and he, with
Perkins, had simply passed the recom
mendation along. With regard to the
postmastership at Sacramento, which
involved another Infraction of his rule,
Senator Bard said he had been in
fluenced to recommend R. M. Richard
son for the place by very strong in
dorsements of Republican leaders. Bard
said he had notified Coleman a long
time ago that a change was contem
plated and had given him time to pre
sent counter indorsements. These had
come very tardily and had not weighed
with those of Richardson.
handing about of offices to aspirants
is still a matter of regretful discussion
with the members. At the meeting
held in Senator Bard's office there was
a very frank discussion of the merits
of the case. Senator Bard, who had
proposed the plan by which the mem
bers of the House were to have a. voice
in the distribution of patronage, was
cited by McLachlan as offering a most
horrible example of the evils of the
present system. McLachlan said that
Bard had in a number of instances
selected his most inveterate -and out
spoken enemies for appointment to of
fices of great dignity and influence.
He declared that he had not only not
been consulted, but that in at least one
case where he had protested the ap
pointment had been made notwith
standing. This had worked injury to
his political interests besides offering
a slight to him as a Representative
¦and he was very much of the opinion
therefore that the proposal offered by
Mr. Bard himself, by which nothing
of the kind could occur again, should
be adopted. The instances he named
were the appointment of L. H. Valen
tine to the office of United States Dis
trict Attorney for the Southern Dis
trict, the appointment of George L.
Keeby es Assistant United States At
torney,' A. W. Kinney as Receiver
of the Land Office and J. C.
Cline Collector of the Port at
Los Angeles; Brown, brother-in-law of
Kinney, as Forest Reserve Supervisor,
and Fickert, Assistant United States
Attorney at San Francisco. None of
these were political friends of his, said
McLachlan. One of them had attacked
him with insulting epithets/in the
streets of Los Angeles and Brown, the
Forest Reserve Supervisor, had lined
up- forty rangers in his employ to fight
him at the polls. He said he had pro
posed his friend, Luther Brown, for the
Assistant United States Attorneyship
at San Francisco and Mr. Bard had
recommended Fickert because some one
eise had asked him to.
Gadsden's purchase it was supposed that he had accom
plished this. But he was a man unskilled in diplomacy
and ignorant of the Spanish language. The region cov
ered by the treaty was then as unknown as darkest
Africa is now and so we missed the chief value for
which we paid the wily Santa Anna a large sum. A glance
at the map will show how little we got and its small im
portance compared to what we paid for and failed to get.
Gadsden's inexpertness leaves the Colorado an interna
tional stream, and therefore liable to cause contention
with Mexico when we make such a large diversion of its
waters as will be needed to make fertile the Colorado
Desert. The Daniels bill may control the water in the
United States and disuse it for navigation in order to de
vote it to irrigation, but Mexico owns the How within
her territory for navigation or irrigation and we will be
subject to constant contention caused by the divided
sovereignty. of the stream. / : j*iZ-
In view of this we should make a new boundary treaty
with Mexico to repair the errors of Gadsden. To do this
requires the transfer of a strip of territory lying be
tween Nogales and the gulf and a worthless portionVf
Low«r California below Tia Juana. It is probable that
this treaty could be made now with the Diaz Govern
ment and our California members of Congress should
urge it upon the administration. "If we wanted the mouth
of the Colorado in 1853 we surely want it more now, and
should save all disputes about diversion of water by ac
quiring it as soon as possible.
THE SOUTH AGAINST LYNCHING.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL/TUESDAY; -MARCH" 22, 1904.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor . . ? . ... ... Address All Communications to JOHN McflAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office <1 §§18^ > • TWrd and Market Strects » S* F «
TUESDAY. • • * . . . . . MARCH 22. 1904
"I see that prize fighters fight in a
ring," remarked* Miss Glddygirl.
"What kind of a ring is .it?"- "An en
gagement ring 'is used for sparring,"
remarked the old bachelor, "but when
it is a fight to a finish a wedding ring
is used, I believe/'-^-Cnicaeo News.
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
8REDWOOD CITY,' March 21. — John O'Dea,
a resident of Menlo Park, ¦ was found horribly
mangled on a railroad track here to-day. It is
not known by what train" he wan struck, i The
man leaves a widow and' four children.' O'Dea
wan a section man working In a San Francisco
yard and was on his way back to work after
a. visit to his family over Sunday.
Many will enjoy scenery through plate
glass windows, satisfy themselves with
sumptuous dining-car meals, please their
fancy with the latest books from the
train library, go to bed by the electric
berth light at night, and exclaim at
Journey's end:
"I've been the Luxurious Way; I'll ai
rways travel Santa Fe!"
If interested, ask. about World's Fair
rates at 641 Market St., San Francisco. •
Every Callfornian should go to the
St. Louis World's Fair. . <
The Luxurious Way.
Chief Wittman received a letter
some days. ago from an undertaker in
Kansas City, Mo., asking him to locate
the relatives of; Frank Kelly in this
city. Kelly died suddenly, in Kansas
City on March 14. He had been work
ing as a cook and in a barber shop and
had said that Chief Wittman knew his
father, and brother. The Chief has
been unable to find any trace of them.
Kelly was about 35 years of age, had
very dark brown hair, dark mustache
and was about 5 feet 8 inches tall.
Kelly's Relatives Wanted.
The California State Floral Society
will hold its annual exhibition Thurs
day, Friday and Saturday, March 24,
25 and 26, in the Ferry building.
Great preparations have been going on
for some time to make this year's
floral display one that will excel all
previous efforts. The officers of the
society exaect numerous rare speci
mens to be placed on view. .
Flower Show Opens Tills Week.
Edward Henry was sentenced on
January 10, 1902, by Police Judge
Fritz to serve three months in the
County Jail on each of two charges,
one of battery and the other of dis
turbing the peace, the complaining
witnesses being respectively Herbert
de Martini of the Presidio and Joseph
Fuetsch of 219 Second street. He ap
pealed to the Superior Court and it
was not till last Friday that the judg
ments of the lower court were sv^s
tained. The remittiturs were received
by Judge -Fritz yesterday and Henry
was committed to the County Jail.
Henry Must Serve Sentences.
$17,402 27 has been expended in the last
seven months for stationery, printing
and stamps. '.
The members of Unity Lodge,
Knights of* Pythias, and their friends
will be entertained to-morrow night
in Pythian Castle. There will be a
programme of vaudeville numbers and
dancing.
Pythian Entertainment,
Granting permission to the Raymond Granits
Company and the Haslett Warehouse Company
to maintain spur tracks on Utah and Second
eirt-ets. respectively.
Providing for the full acceptance of Clay
street, between Franklin and Gough.
Authorizing the additional expenditure of
$2000 for the cleaning of Chinatown. .
An ordinance was passed to print
amending ordinance 1116, providing for
the sale of bonds for the carrying out
of municipal improvements so that the
time when sealed proposals will be re
ceived for the purchase of the bonds
is changed from April 18, 1904, to May
3L 1904.
This action was taken in view of the
fact that the legality of the bond issue
is not before the Supreme Court and a
decision will not be rendered thereon
for some time.
Authorizing the payment of $600 to J. II.
Dockweiler for services aa expert engineer In
the suit of the Spring- Valley Water Company
to determine the legal water rates.
"Resolved. That the chief of the De
partment pt Electricity be and he is
hereby directed to inform the Board
of Supervisors whether or not opera
tors or other mechanics are employed
by said department in the perform
ance of clerical work, and if persons
are so employed under what author
ity, and also If additional clerks were
necessary for such department why re
quisition was not made upon the Civil
Service Commissioners for appoint
ments from the eligible list of clerks."
Chief Hewitt of the Department of
Electricity filed a report showing that
during the year 1902-3 the sum of $35,
477 80 was expended for labor and
$9952 20 for material in putting the
city's wires underground. In 1903-4 the
sum of 535,000 was appropriated for the
purpose and Is being utilized at the
present time.
The following ordinances were finally
passed: -"
The Board of SuperviBors yesterday
adopted a resolution providing for an
investigation into an alleged violation
of the civil service provisions of the
charter by the Department of Electric
ity. The resolution follows:
The petition of A. F. Johnson that the
sweeping of 'streets be done by men
willing to work for 52 per day was re
ferred ttf the Finance Conjmittee.
P. Schellberg of 85 Fremont street in
formed the board that notwithstanding
the -passage of the ordinance requiring
safety locks for sidewalk elevator doors
the great majority of them is still with
out locks, and the roll of deaths result
ing from the lack of the locks is con
stantly increasing. Schellberg says that
the matter has been brought to the at
tention of the Board of Public "Works,
which claims It has no money to pay
Inspectors, although in the last budget
five inspectors of buildings were pro
vided for, whereas only three are ap
pointed b>v the board. Schellberg asks
that the. Supervisors insist upon the
Board of Works appointing the neces
sary inspectors to insure public safety.
Several housemovers complained that
the ordinance imposing a license of $25
per quarter upon them was not being
properly enforced so as to make it uni
form. The Board of Works, the License
Collector and the police say they are
not responsible in the matter, and the
Supervisors are asked to provide the
necessary relief.
The City Attorney was asked for an
opinion as to whether the name of
Lynch street should be expunged from
the official map of the city.
The roadway of Waller street, from
Masonic avenue to Ashbury street, was
fully accepted.
Ordinances were passed to print or
dering certain street work -on Hyde
street, between Green and Union;
Twenty-first street, between Bryant
and- York; Bryant street, between-
Twenty-flrst and Twenty-second: Sec
ond avenue, between Clement and Cali
fornia streets, and Dore street, between
Bryant and Brannan.
The ordinance regulating the right of
way of vehicles upon public streets was
passed to print.
. The Board of Works was directed to
take proceedings to construct sewers
and pavements on Thirteenth street,
from Market to Church.
The petition of the West of Castro
Street Improvement Club for the in
stallation of gas and arc lights at va
rious designated localities in the dis
trict was referred to the Light Com
mittee.
The three ordinances extending the
limits within which it is designed to
prohibit blasting and rock-crushing
and regulating the same outside the
prohibited district were, again intro
duced in the Board of Supervisors yes
terday and referred to the Street Com
mittee. The ordinances are identical
with those recently vetoed by Mayor
Schmitz, the vetoes having been sus
tained by the board. The bills were re
introduced at the request of the Fair
mount residents, who are decidedly op
posed to the establishment of a rock
crusher on Thirtieth street by Gray
Bros.
George S. McComb, Justice's Clerk,
sent a communication to the board
stating that it would require $21,400
to run the department during 1904-5,
and that $"1,415 would be collected In
fees.
Stationery Clerk Finn reported that
The ordinance prohibiting the pos
session or administering of knock-out
drops was laid over for one week, as
« "hief Wittman is of the opinion that
two of its sections are in conflict with
the Penal Code.
The Board cf Works was directed to
ascertain the damages and benefits
caused by the change of grades on
Forty-sixth avenue, I street, Waller
street. Noe street. Nineteenth .street,
California street, Twenty-seventh
Tuenty-eifrhth. Twenty-ninth, Thir
tieth, Thirty-first and Thirty-second
Protests apainst the ordinance to re
strict speaking on the public streets
were filed bv several labor unions and
the Fairmount district property own
ers.
The board then passed the demand
of the company for water furnished
the parks and public squares during
January.
The demands of the company for
51166 65 for water furnished public
buildings and JSCSO for use of hydrants
during February were ordered paid by
the board. The January demand for
water furnished to buildings was
paesed to print after it had been
ejnended to comply with the Mayor's
objections.
The petition of the Board of Health
that its •'Helpful Hints for the House
hold," or information in the cases of
infectious, contagious or communicable
diseases, be printed for distribution
was referred to the Printing and
Health Committee. The petition was
opposed bv Mayor Schmitz.
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
sustained Mavor Schmitz* veto of the
demand of the Spring Valley Water
Company in the sum of 51166 65 for
•water furnished public buildings dur
ing January. Action was taken in ac
cordance with the opinion of City At
torney Long that the demand was not
drawn in proper legal form.
The Mayors veto of the demand of
5S0S4 for the use of hydrants, drawn
in favor of the company, was over
ruled In view of the City Attorney's
opinion that the demand was legal and
should be paid, the Mayor himself
making the recommendation in that
connection.
D. H. Lewis, a saloon-keeper in
whose establishment Richardson is
known to have/ lost some money gam
bling, was arrested and fined $75 for
permitting a gambling game to be
conducted in his place. Richardson's
shortage, as shown by the books of the
department, is stated to be $2800.
Richardson's case is the third one
of reported embezzlement in the wa
ter works bureau. Prior to Brown's
administration there was an embez
zlement of J17.000 by one clerk and
later one of $8000 by another. Neither
was prosecuted.
The Hawaiian Trust Company Is
making efforts to have Henry Kapea
brought back from Japan on a charge
of embezzlement. It has been ascer
tained that he departed on the steam
er China and is now on the way to
Yokohama. Embezzlement, except of
Government money, ia not provided
for in the extradition treaty with
Japan, but it Is believed that the Jap
anese Government will give assistance
as a matter of courtesy. Kapea ia a
young Hawaiian. TheXtrust company
has bought up the bonds which he ne
gotiated here and is charged with hav
ing stolen. The loss to the company
is $4000.
HONOLULU, March 13.— Andrew
Brown, for eleven years superintend
ent of- the Honolulu water works, has
resigned at Governor Carter's request,
as a result of delevoDments following
the alleged embezzlement of money
of the department by E. V. Richard
son, chief clerk. The Governor de
cided that Brown had not been strict
enough with Richardson. The latter
is held under $5000 ball and Gover
nor Carter is personally taking an in
terest In the case.
, In the past there have been many
cases of a similar nature in which
there have been 'no prosecution. In
view of the persons making good their
shortages. Carter says that the ad
ministration will vigorously prosecute
every case.
Cases in Which Embezzle
ment Is the Accusation Be
come Numerous in Hawaii
Date for Receiving Sealed
Proposals IsChangedPend
ing Supreme Court Ruling
BIDS FOR CITY BONDS
*
Schellberg Complains There
Are No Safety Locks on
Si<Walk Elevator Doors
LAW IS NOT ENFORCED
Health Board Petitions for
Distribution of "Helpful
Hints for the Household"
TO PRINT PAMPHLET
CARELESSNESS CHAEGED
"Come seven— come eleven!" was the
invitation that assailed the hearing of
Policeman Skelly and Small last Sat
urday evening as they were . passing
Charles Hamilton's S cigar store, 356
Third street. Although the official
number of neither. of the policemen is
seven, nor yet eleven, they promptly
entered the shop and hastened to f.ie
rear room, and there they, found thir
teen men engaged in an exciting game
of "craps." So deeply absorbed were
the players in the gyrations of a spec
kled bone cube cast by one of .their
residence, on Second avenue, Richmond
district, were made by bullets fired
from a pistol such as is usually carried
by Special Policeman Fred Helbush or
by missiles of some other caliber. Their
report will be filed March 26. The case
of Fred Tapley, who was codefendant
with Helbush, has been dismissed.
Experts have been appointed by
Judge Mogan to decide whether certain
holes in the cellar walls of the Travers
When the name of Thaddeus Kauffelt
was called In Judge Mogan's court
there responded in person a good-look
ing young chap attired in full evening
dress. His expansive shirt front was
not as immaculate as virgin snow, nor
was the sheen of his patent leather
pumps as brilliant as it could have been
made, for he had spent some hours in
the tanks of t\f City Prison. But, nev
ertheless, he cut such an exceptionally
genteel figure for the Police Court that
the Judge stared at him. The prisoner
did not seem to relish the scrutiny, and
Bailiff Hickey offered odds that he was
some heavy swell who had been out
on a nocturnal lark, but Clerk Gray
declined to bet.
Police Officer Earle testified that
early yesterday morning he caught
Thaddeus in the act of drinking a bot
tle of milk that had been left on the
doorstep of 1374 Eddy street. When^the
court asked Thaddeus what his regular
occupation was Thaddeus replied that
he was a professional waiter and was
on his way home from work when the
policeman arrested him for no cause
that he, Thaddeus, could remember.
Then the policeman said he could get
the inmates of 1374 to corroborate his
testimony, and he was given a week in
which to round them up. The defend
ant was returned to the cage, where,
among the tatterdemalions therein con
fined, his fine raiment loomed like a
first-water diamond on a soiled sweater."
Harry Gallagher's wife left his home
about a week ago and neglected to re
turn. Harry's search for her was not
rewarded until about 8 o'clock Sunday
evening, when he perceived her aboard
a Mission and Kearny street car that
was crossing Market street. She was
accompanied by a man with whom she
seemed to be on terms of familiarity,
for she was laughing and talking to
him. Harry boarded the car and re
quested the woman to return to his bed
and board, and while the two were dis
cussing the suggestion the other man
struck the husband's face with his fist.
Then the trio mixed, and when they
appeared before Judge Mogan yester
day morning each of them had visible
evidence of the affray. The other man
turned out to be J. D. Bertkin, a Mis
sion street restaurateur, and it devel
oped that Mrs. Gallagher had been
working for him since she left her hus
band. After hearing both sides of the
story the court dismissed Gallagher
and pronounced the gallant Bertkin
guilty of assault.
Half a dozen citizens who had ig
nored an authoritative summons to
serve as jurors in Judge Fritz's court
were arrested on attachment and con
veyed to that tribunal, where they re
ceived an address from the bench that
will probably deter them from repeat
ing their offense. His Honor's remarks
were more forcible than courteous.
* * *
Bernard Dressier, who has pursued
street begging so long in San Fran
cisco that the police are weary of run
ning him in. was given thirty days for
practicing his specialty on Montgom
ery street. Judge Mogan delivered the
sentence.
There was no vexatious delay of law
in the case of James R,ogers, charged
with burglary. He was arrested Sat
urday night while ransacking the room
of John Sewelt at 547 Howard street,
and when Policemen Connolly and
Krueger searched him they found a
bunch of skeleton' keys and some of
Sewelt's property in his pockets. It
took Judge Fritz "about five minutes to
hear the testimony and hold Rogers
to the Superior Court with bonds fixed
at $3000.
Anton Rulfs did not actually steal
a red-hot stove, but in Judge Conlan's
court yesterday it was proved that he
and another man, name not registered,
picked up a stove filled with burning
coals and carried it from the tailor
shop of L. B. Wiecz, 49 McAllister
street, to the outer air, and that every
foot of their progress was bitterly con
tested by Mr. Wiecz and several of his
workmen. Mr. Rulfs was arrested and
charged with battery.
The testimony went to show that
Rulfs manages a stove emporium at
1404 Market street and that Wiecz pur
chased from him a stove for $4, of
which he paid $3 down and agreed to
pay the remainder if he found the
stove was satisfactory. The try-out
proved the stove unsuitable and Rulfs
replaced it with one that also turned
out to be unsatisfactory to the tailor,
who claimed it did not properly heat
his tailor irons. Wiecz refused to pay
the dollar still due and Rulfs and a
trusty assistant went to recover the
stove. Thev found it packed with
glowing coals, but its temperatu/e did
not deter them from seizing it. Wiecz
and his aids tried to prevent the re
moval and in the struggle for posses
sion of the stove several gentlemen sat
upon it, but immediately, stood up
again. The Rulfs contingent finally tri
umphed, but not until Wiecz, in retali
ation for his loss of the had
snatched a watch chain from Rulfs'
vest, which he kept.
After much argument, the case was
settled by Wiecz agreeing to pay the
dollar and return the chain, Rulfs
promising to return the stove.
Three Ordinances Becently
Defeated Are Keintroduced
Before the Supervisors
Honolulu Water Works Sup
erintendent Is Obliged to
Leave Important Position
Will Ascertain Whether
the Electricity Department
Violates Civil Service
Supervisors Cause Spring
Valley to Put Water De
mand in Legal Form
SEIZES RED-HOT STOVE
AFTER BRAVE STRUGGLE
Seller of Heating Apparatus Succeeds in Getting
Possession of It From a Tailor Who Finds It
Unsatisfactory and Refuses'to Pay a Dollar Due
Edward Boulard, a stableman, did
not relish the interest in his welfare
manifested when his employer had him
arrested for drunkenness. The em
ployer yesterday requested Judge Mo
gan to send the defendant to prison
and have him kept there until he loses
his inordinate craving for liquor, as
delirium tremens would be likely to
overtake him if he were allowed to re
main at large. This request the court
heartily granted.
"Save me from my friends," said
Boulard, sarcastically, as he was led
away. , .
"I'm trying to save you from your
self," was the Judge's retort.
W. J. Barrett and Thomas Peck had
several bottles of beer in their pos
session when Officers Dowd and Brown
overhauled them last Saturday night
on the water front, and Judge Mo
gan yesterday continued the vagrancy
case against them until the policeman
can discover where the beverage was
obtained.
• • <
Sarah Martin has been given until
Friday to prepare a defense against
the charge that she stole $180 from
Steven Sedowy at 423 Washington
street.
Mrs. Nora Hartnett had her young
child with her last Saturday evening
when she met her friend, Mrs. George
O'Brien, and Invited that lady to par
take of liquid refreshments. Three
hours later the two women were in
toxicated and the little one was weep
ing when Officer Fogarty found them
at Taylor and Ellis streets. Judge Mo
gan's opinion of the' maternal care
shown by Mrs. Hartnett was neither
complimentary nor equivocal ' as he
fined the defendants $5 apiece.
Thomas Malone spent Saturday
evenirig at the Spider Kelly ball in
Mechanics' Pavilion, where he alter
nately dallied with Terpsichore and
Bacchus until he was so fatigued, both
physically and mentally,' that he was
unable to walk without staggering.
That was how he came to Jam his head
through the plate glass window of a
Ninth-street restaurant. He promised
to pay for the broken window,* and as
he had already expended a consider
able sum for sticking plaster, Judge
Mogan told him' to step forth a free
man.
Wesley D. Thomsoi) was talking as
he slept when he attracted the atten
tion of the night watchman of a San
some-street warehouse, and further in
vestigation disclosed to the property
guardian's gaze the recumbent form of
Wesley, also a window which he had
broken in order to obtain admittance
to the premises. The defendant opined
that he must have been "doped" ere
he laid him down to sleep in the ware
house, as he had no recollection of
how he arrived there. After Judge
Mogan had satisfied himself that Wes
ley did not mean burglary when he
broke the window, he fined him $5 and
ordered him to pay for the property
damage he had inflicted.
"But, Mr. Silk." said the court, "all
of us can'tj be models of masculine
beauty, you know, and it is our duty
to put up with whatever our allot
ment of good looks may be. Besides,
there is a proverb which says, 'Hand
some is as handsome does,' and I
find that your character is on a par
of unloveliness with your external
make-up. Perhaps six months in jail
may improve your mind, if not your
looks. At any rate, that is the sentence
I prescribe for you."
Mr. Silk did not seem to be in the
least affected by the severity of the
sentence.
Martin J. Silk, chronic vagrant, was
sentenced to six months' imprisonment
after he had ingeniously but vainly
endeavored to convince Judge Mogan
that the disorderly conduct of which
he had been proved guilty, had been
more than provoked. He was arrested
on Market street for creating a dis
turbance in front of a cigar store, and
he pleaded that the envy aroused in
him by the physical graces of a young
man who stood behind the store coun
ter gradually gave way to ire as he
realized how unkindly Providence had
treated him in its bestowal of personal
charms. As he gazed at,' the Apollo
like form and features of the cigar
seller and then contemplated his own
Calibanesque appearance . he became
filled with a great anger and would
have spoiled the beauty of the former
—"Handsome JImmie," as he called him
—if a policeman had not fortunately ar
rived in time to stay his threatening
hand. . ,
* * e
number that they did not perceive the
uniformed intruders until the hand of
the law was literally upon them. At
least that Is what the two officers tes
tified yesterday before Judge Mogan,
and the thirteen defendants did not at
tempt to contradict the, story. They
were given till next Monday to plead. ,
STILL FIGHTING
ROCK CRUSHERS
GOVERNOR ASKS
A RESIGNATION
MAYOR'S VETO
IS SUSTAINED
BOARD ORDERS
INVESTIGATION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY. MARCH 22, 1904.
9
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pears'
No soap in all the
world is so cheap.
No soap in all the
world is so good — none
so lasting.
Sold all <yrer the world.
AirusETfprwra.
YOU'LL I BETTER
BE I PLEA&ED
BY COMING TO SEE OUR PLAT.
| THE ROUNDERS"
Than anything that you have ever seen.
The best, the cleverest, the most effective.
OUR "ALL STAR" CAST.
Reserved Seats^ — Nights 23c. 5Oe and 75c.
Saturday and Sunday Matinees 25c and 50c.
Children at Matinees 10c .and 25c.
SEATS NOW ONI SALE FOR
KISMET
Another very funny musical comedy, which
coes on next Monday night. First time in
San Francisco. Appearance of our new come-
dlenne. LIZZIE DERIOU3 DALY.
ftftl IIBUREBIA as FRAM3SC0-3
IUULU HlBlA LEAD1NQ THEM
Evenings at 8:20. ' MaUuees *at 2:30.
7W/\RY
(Management FRANK McKEE.)
Presenting a New Modern Comedy, by
Leo Ditrlchsteln. entitled
Harriet's Honeymoon
Nizhtly, Except Sunday. Matinee Saturday.
I IVULI HOUSE.
A TRIUMPH of MIRTH and MELODT!
First Production in San Francisco t)f
Mr. Pickwick
A Musical Comedy in Two Acts. Based on
Charles Dickens' Masterpiece.
Initial Appearance Here of
Dora de Fillippe
The Eminent Lyric Soprano.''
MATINEE SATURDAY.
Usual PoDular Prices 25c. 60c and 75c
Proscenium and Mezzanine Box Beats... $1.00
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
Richard Wagner
-Lecture- Recitals. Lyric Hall, by '
MRS. RAYMOND BROWN, Pianists
TO-NIGHT— -'THE RING."
Thursday, "Tristan" ;. Friday. "Meisters!n>>
er"; Saturday Matinee. "Parsifal."
SEATS— 50c. 75c. $1. At Sherman.. Clay ft
Co.'s. ¦ ¦
SPRING FLOWER SHOW.
TWENTIETH EXHIBITION,
- of th« .
California State Ploral Society
Will be held in the
GRAND NAVE of the FERRY BCILDINO.
mamnflk'JW* San Francisco.
THURSDAY. FRIDAY and SATURDAY.
/ March 24. 25 and 26. 1904.
Open from 10 a. m. to 10 p. m.
Music Evenings. . . .
GccGO3GcsG6eceeoQeeoeQG9eeeeGoooo9QQ«eoo*0QQQ
G~ oa
S . %
I NUTRIENTS I
o ©
2 * •
c o
g f\r& contained in all Good Food 5
c e
2 • •
o
o • • o
o ¦ e
o ®
O • Q
o ¦ o
o , ©
o IS ANOTHER THING. S
S • g
o o
o One might cat io lbs. of food containing Nutrients %
e o
O and not absorb 2 ounces of Nutriment or Nourishment. ©
© — —^— —^— e
S Wh y ? S
o One can absorb and make use of more nutriment or %
o •»
© nourishment from i lb. of Grape-Nuts . than from io lbs. 2
© 2
g Meat, Wheat, Oats or Bread. Why? Because the starch , ©
2 part has been converted in the process of cooking at the ©
© ' *
© factories and turned into the peculiar sugary substance as •
2 found in the body after starchy food has passed thro the %
% first part of digestion. ©
c ©
A ©
O ; -":' :^, r ' ¦ . A
O furnishes a food that the body greedily absorbs all of. ©
e — • •
• ©
** IT IS TRULY *
q irj\.UtlJl\JjZi\3i.iZtU, q
& A few days' trial proves to the weakest stomach the •
J value of Grape-Nuts. •
* Get the little book "The Road to Wellville" in each pkg.
••••••©©•••©••••©••••••••••••9©9
PATTOSIEX'S.
GRAPE-NUTS.
I A FEW ||
WORDS ABOUT
HOUSE
| DRAPERIES 1 1
During the great rush at
Pattosien's, corner Sixteenth
and Mission, the drapery
and lace curtains have been
neglected — that is to say, the
salespeople could not wait
upon the public. This week
all the 50c French Taffeta ?
36 inch, 25c yard; Swiss
Netting, 42 to 48 inch, 10c I
to 25c; Satin Tapestry. 50 B
inches wide, 90c, regular |
price $1.75. Don't fail to 1
ask for the 25c price package 1
in the drapery department. Ej
They are worth Si. 00. §
AMUSEMENTS.
THEATER ENTIRELY RENOVATED.
CURTAIN RISE3 AT S.
THIS WEEK ONLY.
MRS. FISKE
IN*
Mary ofJVIagdala
Next 'Weak — Seats Thursday
mbs. nan in hctda oabileb
La Belle Guerrero ;
Tafia i\v's Dog9; Billy Clifford; Adellna
Roatlino and' Clara Stevens; Montell
Brothers; EMMETT CORRIGAN
COMPAXY, Presenting "Jockey
Jones"; Nichols Sisters; Loney Has-
kell and Orphcum Motion Pictures,
Showing Young Corbctt and Britt
Training.
Regular Matlnee» every Wednesday, Thurs-
day. Saturday and Sunday. Prices. 10c. 25c
and 50c.
CALIFORNIA
TO-NIOHT,
The Popular Comedian,
[NORTH LAMDSlNCER^i^^ >
A new play by Sidney R. Ellis.
NEXT— The World's Greatest Marvel.
AXNA EVA FAT, "^
Special Matinees for Ladles Only Wednesday
and Saturday.
A T /"I *A T~7 A TT% Celascb & Mayer.
ALCAZAR srssz
General Manascr.
AT 8 TO-NIOHT — Mats. Sat. aad Sun.
Warner's Impressive Mlracla Play.
|... PARSIFAL...
STJPKKB STAGE FXCTUBES.
"People sit In absorbed attention while the
great legend ia enacted." — Chronicle.
"It Is worth any half dozen Lenten ser- .
vices."— Call.
The music by an orchestra of Twenty.
Evfs., 25c to $1. Mats. Sat. & Sun.. 23q<to 75c
Market street, near Eighth. Phone South SS3.
TO-NIGHT— ALL. THIS WEEK.
MATINEES 9ATTTRDAY AND SUNDAY.
The Great Spectacular Sensation.
ill THE KING OF ill
III DETECTIVES III
Magnificent Original Scenic Effects!
A MID- AIR RACE FOR LIFE.
With Marvelously Realistic
BALLOON AND AlBSHIP SCENE.
PDIfCC Evenings 10c to 5O«j
rttlWCJ Matinees 10c. 15c. 25c
UText Weefc— T33CE HU8TLIB.
GILLO'S TRTESTO,
MOVING PICTURES SHOWING BRITT AND
YOUNG CORBETT TRAINING AND A
GREAT SHOW
Srexy Afternoon and SrtoJiur la ta«
Theater, t
ENJOY TOVRSELF IN CABARET DE LA
MORT.
ANIMALS FROM ALL CLIMES IN THE ZOO.
VISIT THE MYSTIC MIRROR MAZE.
AMATEUR KIGHT THURSDAY.
Adml3slonrX 1 c; Children. 5c.
When Phoning Ask for' "The Chutes."
Racing Ipllll^ Racing!
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
Racine Each Week Day, Rain or Shine.
Six or More Races Daily.
JSacn commence at 2:13 p. on. sharps
For special trains stopping at the track tak*
B. P. Ferry, foot of Market street, at 12. I2:«fQ.
1:00. 1:30 or 2 o'clock. No amokln* In laat two
cars, which are reserved tor Udlea and their
escorts. f
Returning trains leav* track at 4:1ft aad
4:4ft and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. ITe»Utmi» .
. PERCY W. TREAT. Secretary.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
EXTRACT OF BEtr X^O^^mz
Tfct Mttovnl of »«f iu«« in iht Urtlfl CMnHtyi factories
In » tlnglt <»yU tuffltltnt Io Utdtwe mUli«i\ fnflt. -
PaiflfP DON'T FAIL TO
laiUWV , ee the btautlful
j COURT Lounging
/I fill rodm, the EMPIRE
auu PARLOR, the
> - W PALM ROOM, the*
linifla LOUIS XV PAR.
n i A i -DIES' WRITING
Hotels I *q qm v
Jt CTMI/I /t To Btay Cured. Cause re-
/IN I riM/lmo^ea- H *» lth restored.
"U.'..'^"'"^ more Asthma or Hay
j-k ¦ tnr-K Fever. Book 60 Fre*.
l>Vl\Ll/ P. HAROLD HATES,
... . Buffalo. N. T. 'CHAUFFEURS ORGANIZE FOR
PROTECTION AND BENEFIT
First race — Resigned, SUss May Bow
dish, Lady Atbellnff.
Second race— Llg-ht or Say, Hooligan,
Saccharate.
Third race — Bard Burns, Alice Carey,
Pickaway.
Pourth race— NigTette, Alfenla, Ocean
Dream.
Fifth race — Searcher, Decoy, Isabel
lita.
Sixth race— Oalanthus, Planenr, Matt
Hogras.
PROBABLE WZmnBKS.
The defendants, exclusive of the
heirs of the late VT. L. Smith, in a
suit for an injunction by the McCor
mick-Saeltzer Company restraining
them from making a claim upon 24ft
shares of stock in the company, filed
affidavits .yesterday in support of a
motion to dissolve the injunction Is
sued when the suit was filed. They
aver that they have no interest In th»
stock and have never attempted to
make any claim to its possession. They
claim the ownership of the stock Is a
question that concerns only the rela
tives of Smith, one of whom, Mae II.
B. Boggs. as executrix of Smith's will,
is st defendant in the suit.
Disclaim Interest in Stock.
SpecliI Dlcpatch to The Call
RENO, Nev., March 21.— King Ryan,
one of the best known and most re
liable mining men in Nevada, writing
to the State Journal from Goldfield
under date of March 20," says:
"I have been In Ooldfield about five
days and thinking tfiat.it might be of
Interest to j-our readers I will try and
tell you of the conditions and the coun
try around here. This town is situated
in the foothills, about twenty-eight
miles south of Tonopah.* Houses, tents
and shacks of every description to the
number of about 270 comprise the town
and Its population at present numbers
about 1000. Stlnler is a prosperous
town and is located about one mile
from Goldfield. Milltown is one and a
half miles east of here, while Diamond
field is located to the northeast, about
four miles distant. All are promising
camps.
"I have covered considerable territory
surrounding this town and find that
almost every foot has been staked out.
The Combination and Kennel leases arc
about the only properties that are ship
ping ore at present. Ore assaying $2100
per ton Is being taken out by Kennel.
Two new strikes were made yesterday
in the January and the Ramsey. Pros
pectors have the entire belt for fifteen
miles in every direction staked out and
are working their claims. Meals are
reasonable and a hungry man can get
all he wants to e'at for 50 cents. Lodg
ings can be had at $1 a night. Leases
are being held out and it is a difficult
proposition to obtain one that has the
least semblance of value. The country
certainly bids fair- to support some
rattling lively camps in the near fu
ture. There is plenty of water at Gold
field and excellent water prospects at
the other 'camps."
Demurrer Snbmitted on Briefs.
The demurrer in the cases of Her
man and Jacob Eppinger, charged with
obtaining money by false pretenses,
was submitted on briefs yesterday and
the decision will be rendered by the
court one week from Saturday. The
argument for. the demurrer was made
yesterday afternoon "in Judge Lawlor's
court.
Opposes Amateur Clubs.
The petition of the Pacific Coast
Amateur. 'Athletic Association for an
opportunity to be heard in opposition
to. the granting of permits to amateur
boxing 'clubs riot members of the as
sociation was referred yesterday to the
Police Committee by the Board of Su
pervisors.
JNPOUR OF PKOSPEGTOKS
Population of Nevada's Xcw
31 in ing 1 Town Already
Numbers One Thousand
LIVELY CAMP
IS G0LDFIELD
Second race— Four furlongs; two-year-olds;
selling:
0375 Sileo (F.1 Primero Stable) 103
(63S7)Escobosa (Stewart & Co.) 103
Dlsproportionabieness (Waters) 102
Montana-Royal Aquarium.
Albert Fir (Jones):. 103
Albert-Balsam Fir.
(G375)*Llyht of Day (Coffey) IOC
0387 'Saccharato (Napa Stock Farm) 05
6331 Dlxelle (Dobaon) ...101)
63S7 *L*dy Blanton (Miller) 95
0375 •Hooligan (Fountain) 95
Third race — Futurity course, four-year-old3
and up: selling:
6.142 »Plcka way (Jackson) *0>
fkJW Bard Bvrns (Judge) 1 13
6386. »Dr. Sherman (White) 100
6S:«> •Alice Carey (Rowcll) *>*
»nS6 Amasa (Rowley) I""'
6398 'Benlash. (.Teuness) 10t>
6411 Captivate (Bianchl A: Co.) 108
Fourth race— Six and a half furlcnge; three
year-olds and up; handicap:
r.4S3 Ahumada (Kyle)... J™>
C.T;» Albula (Lamatiney Bros.) 1<">
«3M Ksherin (Schorr) »">
(«3:!l)Nigrette (Jennings) »«
tWO-"l Ocean Dream (Twyman) 112
Fifth race — One ml'.e; four-year-olds and up;
sellinR. .
r>194 'Biondura (Neal) a*
639S •Batldor (Fine) 100
C414 'Impromptu (Painter) 103
(d:;7(;)Rearchf!r ( Romlgh) 105
fiT.41 IsnbcHltn (McNamara) 103
C398 Decoy (Miller) 105
(KOS Carilee (Appleby & .Co.) 103
Sixth race— Six furlongs; four-year-olds and
up; sellins: '
«;2S.'! Axmln.oter (Randall) 107
(R411)*Oa!anthUf> (Ccffey) 99
6388 Crlas Cross (Hays) 104
0390 *Mimo (Sheridan) 102
(R3nO)»Mntt llogan (Magrane) 101
GTOf) Flaneur (McCafferty) 104
GOUS Brcnnus (Julge). 107
•Apprentice allowance.
OASIiAgp BACETBACg— MONDAY, Mar. 21.— Weather showery. Track muddy.
C41O. FIRST RACE— Futurity course; lelling; 4-year-olds and, up; value to first, $325.
l —VL ' Horse and Owner. |Wt St. & . %. %. Btr. Fin. I Jockey. I Op. Cl.
6364 Quiz II, 6 (C. McCafferty).. 102 3 .." 1 h 1 jj 2 1 1 1% C. Smith... 6-2 T-2
<*ttO7) Blackthorn,- 5 (C. P Fink)... 110 2 ... 5n 4 1114 1Vj2 l'f, J. T. Shehn . 15
6281 Possart. e (J. e.. Case)....'.. Ill 4 ... 6 3 5 »{, 6 % 3 h See 16-6 3
M78 Toto Gratiot. 4 (Barron & W.) 107 7 ... 7 7 3 n 4 2 I. Powell... 3 4
K578 Skip Me. 6. (Madison & n.)J. 106 1 ... 4 \ 3 h 6 n fi 5 J. Martin.. « «
U3S0 My Surprise. 4 (Mounce) 98 5 ... 2 Iij2 .1 1 Vi « 4 Travers ... < J
(H'Jjfl) Titus. - 4 (D.-Meek) . . -y 103 1 6 ... 8 n 6 % 7 7 T. Butler.. 10 «
Time— :20, :52. 1:15. At post 1% minutes. Off at 2:13»i. Quiz, place. 7-5; show. _3-6.
. Blackthorn, place, 6; show 3 Possart ehow, 3-5 "Winner. b. g. by St. Florlan-
Queenstown. Trained by C. McCafferty. Start good. Won cleverly. Next three driving
hard. Quiz had speed and the heavy going was just to his liking. Blackthorn ran an
txcellent race. PosSart probably did h Is best. Toto Qratiot In heavy footing. S*lp
Surprlsa • deep ' Krtng.^^^^^^^^^^
O411. SECOND RACE— Six and a half furlongs; selling; 3-year-olda and up; to first. 8323.
Index! Horse and Owner! \Vt|St. \i . %. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. | Op. Cl.
(6390) QaJanthus 0 (Mr? Coffey) ... 103 ¦ 1 3 n 3 h 2 n 1 n 1 2 Buxton .... 7-B 3-2
C".9l Hulford 3 (II Stover) 95 4 1 «i 1 1 1 fi 2 1 2 3 Crosswaite 4 8
ltt90 Keeves. 4 (Lamasney Bros.). 90 3 4 1^43 32 33 35 ITravers ... 3 4
C39» Captivate 0 (Blanch! & McG.) 106 2 2 1»42 n 4 « 4 I>i4 4 J. Martin.. 10 15
tSKi Harry Thatcher, a (Hastings) 104 fi" 5 2 5 % 8 16 6 ti 5 4 IJ. T. Shehn 10 10
(5TJ2S Mountebank a ( K eating). ..'. 107 C 0 10 « 15 ft 4 5 4 0 4 II. Powell... 10 lf>
625'.> Pro Viva. 4 (D. S. Fountain). 100| 7 7 7 7 7 7 |Vandrbout tt 10
lime — :24ti, :50 1:18 1:25 At post IVi minutes. Off at 2:40 Galanthus, place, 1-2;
show, 1-4. Hulford, place, 11-5; show, I. Reeves, show, 1-2. Winner, ch. g. by July-
Snowdrop. "Trained by J Coffey. Start good for all but Oro Viva. Won easily. Next
two driving. Galanthus well ridden and best. Hulford ran a good race. Travers had
Keevvs in the poor going and the horse can do better. Thatcher not ready. /Mountebank
has Kone back. Oro Viva almost left. *
<MI~. THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; gelling; 3-year-olds; value to flret. $325.
Indexl Horse and Owner. WtlSt. V* . Vi- ?i . Str. Fin. i Jockey. | Op. Cl.
MSS 'Harbor (II. E. Rowell). 108! 3 ... 3 2 3 l'A2 >i 1 1 ' Travers ... 5-2 17-fi
(C.-I27) | Foxy Grandpa (Mrs. Coffey).. latl 2 ... 6 8 52 8.n 2 (J Buxton .... 7-6 9-10
G.-:91 Uack Little (W. P. Fine) 10«| 4 ... 4 142 0 2032 J. Martin.. 0 9
»S402 | Box Elder (J. J. Moran) 1001 5 ... 2 »i 2 h 1 14 4 3 Vandrbout J « »
«374 IHarka (Wentworth A Lee).. 10:j| 6 ... 12 1 a; 4 1 65 Holbrook -.. 20 20
I '-<S30:i Midway (Piedmont Stable) ... 103! 1 ... 51 fi 20 fi 2 6 20 |j. Kelly *J« BO
C190 [County Down (A. A. Haskell) 100j 7 ... 7 7 7*7 (Gruwell ... 20 100
Time— :25U. :. r >2*i. 1:19J4. At post 1 minute. Off at 3:03. Harbcr, place. 4-5; Fhow. 1-3.
(Irar.dpa. place. 1-3; chow, l-(5. Little, fhow, 1. Winner, b. c. by Handsprlng-Aatrld.
Trained by H. B. Kowcll. Start good. Won in a drive of four. Foxy Grandpa pounds
the best. Was badly bumped soon after start and later Buxton broke It up badly in
the run home, fretting cut o£t repeatedly. Jack Little ran his race. Box Kldcr quit,
llarka poorly handled.
<l4in. FOURTH RACE— One and an eighth miles; Felling; 3-yr.-old» & up; to first. ?325.
Index! Hor»e and Owner. iWtlSt. U- Vi. »i . Str. Fin. | Jockey. [ Op. Cl.
(6391) (Gateway; 3 (T. W. lottrldge). 92 5 3 3 2 »i 1 2 1 l'.^t % 'crosswaite 6 9
(«?89)iIdoBo. 5 (C. McCafferty) 106 2 1 « 1 3 34 2n 2 2% C. Smith... 10 15
«1391 lAnirad 3 <Mrs. Coffey) i 88 3 2 3 3 ?i 2 n :< ft 3 5 Knapp 5-2 3
G3B3 Ulorton. a (Bianchl & McG.)|112! <! « 1 ft n 6 S 0 2 4 n J. Martin.. 3 2
(fl.'»74)| Dusty Miller. 3 (Sheridan) ! !><ij 7 4 2(44 Z%4 4 4 5,4 Travers ... 8 • 10
(5378 Silurian 0 (Iximasney Uros.) 100 4 ftn 66 5n (14 6« Buxton 4 7
(UruniChlckadee, 8 <^. Hafour) |lll| 17 7 7 7 7 See 10 15
Time — :25',i. :52. lilS'i, 1:47, 2:01. At post % minute. Off at 8:29& Gateway, place,
3; ehow. 0-5. IiVigo" place. (J: show, 3. Anirad, show. 2-5. Winner, br. g. by Del Paso-
Seco. Trained by T. \V. Lottridge. Start good. Won in a. drive of three. Winner
bid up from $700 to $1000 by C. McCafferty: retained. Winner Is a fair three-year-old
and likes a route. Idogo ran well. Anirad tired and was not ridden to best advantage.
Horton has gone back. Silurian ran a poor race.
0414. FIFTH RACE — One mile; selling; 4-year-olds and up; value to first, |325.
Index Horse and Owner. IWtiSt. Vi. 1 /i- ?i. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
6374 Past Master. 4 (McAloster). .!lO7 3 1 »; 2 2^1 «i 1 1 12 I. Powell... 6 10
B362 Petrolia, 4 (D. McCarthy)...! 9S 6 6 4 ft 2 4 2«i2 n 2 h Bonner 10 fi
03C-* Vnjf. Morello a (W. ScharetK)llOS 4 3 1 4 n 5 2 4 >-i 3 h Haack 7-2 9-2
6381) Rim Rock « (Jones * Co)..!10Ri 2 2 ri J n 2h 9^43 Mountain .. 5-2 S-5
H2O4 Mattie Clark 4 (Dayton Co.)| 94 ft 5 2 « h 7 12 7 IB ft 3 Vandrbout 20 40
«376 Tamra. 4 (G! Kdison) I10S 7 7 5 7 10 6 >£ T, 1 fi \ J T. Shehn 10 12
6308 Impromptu a (Painter) |106 I 4n 3 lVi3 h 04 7 0 J Martin.. 4 0
6374 nene. 4. (Ivamasney Bros.). ..| »4[ 8 8 8 8 8 8 [Watson .... 12 30
Time — :2G. :52'i. 1:19U, 1:<!>- At post 'i minute. Off at 3:57Vi. Master, place. 3: show,
7-5. Petrolia. place. 4; phow. 8-5. Morello. phow. 7-10. Winner, b. g. by Odii Fellow-
I>>onatus Mare No. 1. Trained by E. J. Ramsey. Scratched — Elmer L. Pencil Me,
Slsenvlne. Start good. Won in a drive of four. Past Master best ridden. Petrolia
was played. Young Morello hard ridden. Mountain turned very wide into etretch with
Rim Rock, ruining his chances. Impromptu gulks. Mattie Clark did fairly well.
(Ml.".. SIXTH RACE— Seven furlongs; pur?e; 3-year-olds; value to first. $32.'..
Index Horse and Owner. |Wt!St. \\. >i. % . Str. Fin. j Jockey. Op. Cl.
U543 Polanus (W. B. Jennings) 1107 8 3 » 2 h 2 Vi 1 '4 IJ. Martin.. 4 13-5
B.I43 Celebrant (Hamilton Stable).. 107 1 1 h 1 2 1 1H1 % - 4 |J. T. Shehn 2 11-5
(C307)|Lord Wadsworth (Ferguson). .|112| 2 2 1'42 h 3 3 » IConnell ! 9-10 6-6
Time — :24}4, :51, 1:19, 1:32. At post 2'i minutes. Off at 4:25'i. Solatium, place. 3-5.
Celebrant, place, 2-5. Winner, b. c. by Darebin-Solana. Trained by W. B. Jenning*.
Scratch**! — R«d Crow Nurse. Btart poor. Won In a hard driv* of 4 wo. The other
two starters outbroke Soltnus. Martin rated latter, and when I/ord Wadsworth fell
back on stretch turn he made hip move. Celebrant ran gamely, but was outfooted. Con
nell did not seem to know what he did want to do with the favorite.
>AME ATHLETES WHO WILL
COMPETE IN* FIELD DAY
LOS .AXGELES. March 21.— The tal
ent had a good time at Ascot to-day,
four favorites winning in a row. Elle,
eqjJal favorite with Luna in the first
race, 3 to 1. won easily from Lunar and
Liberto. In the second Landseer was
the beat of a bad lot, winning easily
from Homage, while Innsbruck, the
second choice, got the show.
Golden Rule at last shook off his
hoodoo and won the five furlong event
from Cruzados and Nervator.
Labor made it four straight for the
talent by winning easily from the
pacemaker, Straggler. Durbar was
third.
Brown Prince, a long shot, took the
fifth from Inaugurator and Skirmish.
The latter looked to have the race well
in hand, but Lawrence put up a very
weak finish. Jim Gore II, the favorite,
was not in the money.
The last race went to Best Man, at 3
to L Although off poorly, he ran
around his field and won by lengths
from Rag Tag, the favorite. Mistletide
got the show.
Weather fine. Track fast. The sum
mary;
First race, r.ne mile, celling— Klie. 9.1 (Ander-
Fon». 3 to 1. won: Lunar, 107 <J«ckson). a to J,
peconfl; Liberto, 10<> <W. Dugan), 7 to 1. third.
Time. l:44Vi. Major Hooker, The I/edaean,
Ulm, L'.mig and Sherry aJfo ran.
' fecond race, teven furlongs, selling—Land
seer, 10"J (L. Jackson), t> to 5, won; Homage,
100 (R. Murphy). 9 to 1, second : Innsbruck,
102 (Ffleht). 7 to 2. third. Time. 1:30%. Dutf
Martin. T!i<r Covenanter. Kd Lanaean. Komosa,
Gray Morn and Margaret Rowe also ran.
Third ruce. five furlongs*, purse — Golden Rule,
12t» (Prior), 0 to 5. won; Cruzados. IIS t.l.
Boland), 7 to 1, second: Nervator, 101 (\\\
Dugan). 3 to 1. third. Time. 1:01s;. Blissful.
Nevermore. Harrington, Victoria S, Ragnarok
II and Pat liulgor al.*o ran.
Fourth rare, mile and a sixteenth, selling —
Labor. 100 (Booker). C to 5. won; Straggler,
1O7 <\V. Dusan), G to I. second: Durbar. S4
(Ar.derrcr). IS to ot third. Time. 1:48)6. Marta
and M«-zzo al?u ran.
Fifth race, seven furlong!", selling — Brown
Prince. l<r! iM. Johnson), lf> to 1, won; In
augurntor, 102 <Feicht), 4 to 1, second; Skir
mish, luft (Latvrenre). r> to 1. third. Time,
it.TO 1 -. Plan. MacAna. Ting-a-Llng. Knjlr,
All About, ("aniicr and Jim Gore II also ran.
Sixth race, nix furlonge. selling — Best Man.
100 (Felcht). :i to 1. won; Rag; Tar. 106 (Prior),
even, second; Mlstlrtide, S>5 (Anderron), 20 to
I. third. Till?, 1:14^. Cardwellton. Neko,
J. V. Kirt>, Nanon and Laureatea also ran.
•
Races at little Hock.
L1TTI.K ROCK. Ark., March 21.— Result*:
First race, five and a half furlong* — Boom
erack won, Dick Ripley second, Gus Lanka
third. Time, 1:10.
Seccnd race, five and a half furlongs, sell
ing—Joe Martin won, CounteM Clara second,
Budwciser third. Time. 1:11. ,-_
Third race, seven furlong? — Maverick won,
Dandelle second, Ora McKlnney third. Time,
1:3«>S.
Fourth race, one-half mile. Capitol Hotel
stakes — Fay 'JVmpleton won. Tommy O'Hara
second. Miss Layman third. Time, :50.
Fifth rsc?, six furlongs — Imboden won,
Jimalong j-ec-ond, William Wright third. Time,
1:1«.
Sixth rare, mile and fifty yards, selling —
Dfiwson won, Bermuda second. Inspector Shea
third. Time. ] :.M.
Miss Boi-d< n a Golf Champion
PASADENA. March 21.— Miss Flor
ence Borden of Fall River, Mass., to
day won the Southern California golf
championship for women, defeating
Miss Elizabeth Robertson, the cham
pion of Illinois 2 up and 1 to play.
Miss Higgins of Chicago, last year's
champion, did not defend the title.
Trainer Christie and Captain Cooley
Give Out Long List of University
of California Eliffibles.
BERKELEY, March 21. — Track
Captain Cooley and Trainer Christie
gave out this evening the list of en
tries for the class* championphip field
day. which is to be fought out on the
campus at the University of Califor
nia on Wednesday. The list is as fol
lows:
100-rard darh— Abadie '04. Eingham *06. La
mer •'«*! Jon*-* 'CIC. Van Sant '07. Callahan '07.
• Frirks Ofi Je uell "06. Funke '<*>, Button 1 «'7,
Li{.pman <*7. W. C. Davis 'O7, Lipda '04, Simp
*..in "U7. Alien '05. _
U»-yard hurdl's— Force '06, Hume '(>., Chap
lin '06. Meany # M. Lynrh '06. Howe 'Oti.
220-yard hurdles— Hume '07, Frei "00, M»any
•fM H'owe '<*» Chaplin "<XX Lynch '06.
220-yard da»h — PwdiFT ©4. Gordon *<W.
Fri.k.-V '00. i:ir.st"in "<>6. -Tones '06. Lasater
¦n«v Jewell '(W,, Dane, Johnston <H. Kern '.07,
].il'<pman '07, Davis '07. Zacharals *fi7. Van
Sant '07, Adler '*£. fiinsheimer '07, Stines '05,
•irunsky '»).". Kruschke '05. Premo "«6. Whit
more '(<¦'. OaHehan 'CT. Elakemore '07, Hartley
•OX, Nonage **>7, Stantcn '07, Bochman (den
lal'i. LlRda 'O4.
Mile run — Harku? '0<;. WTio^ler 'OS. Moody
•••<; TfioJwrt '<»7. H'-ad - O7. Rued NTT, Darling
'«i7'. Sletn»rt '"C Clifford '07. Fletcher *n7.
Hackloy '(>.', Newhall "<ir>. Tibbetts 'Cl, Lowell
'fit. tot '07 Allon '<i7. Baldwin '04. Ppaulding,
Jlobrrti>on '**», Hughes 'Ofi, Lynn* '05, Mlshler
¦itf, .Boyle '(Hi. ThoUf '07. Stanley 'U5. Clifford
*C4. Francis* '07.
440-yard run — Eufford '<>6. Premo "06. Kern
f <>7. Jewell "O«S. KdwardF "OH. Adler '06. Boch
man 07. Whitnicre '07, Whitman '07, Button
'f>7. Foster "07. Hartley "07. Nonage '07. Brain
*rd '07. Howard 05. Johnson '•*, Thomas '«(•},
l>ane, Wihcx '07. Blakemore M7, Stanton '07.
Malte '07, Harms '07. Ucda '04. La Grange
•<*i •'liJTord '04. Gruntky '05. Ptines '0C, Slns
hrimer "^B t Ftinton '07, Davis '07.
RhO-yard run— Newall. '05; Alien. '00: Waite.
'mi, Byron. '07: Button. 'O7; Darling:. 'O7;
O-aJc. 'O7; Foster. '07; Fox, dental: Hanna,
'<C; Wilcox. '07; Clifford. '07; T»ichert, '07;
Jlackley, "05; Kd wards. '05; Clifford. '04;
l'aldwin. '04; B<vhman. dental; fpauldinir.
'0.1; Kobertson. '(•«: Wroth. '06; Meals. '03;
Mlfhler. '05: linodel. 'C5; Byron, '07; Francis,
'07: HaUoran. - O6.
Two-mil" run — Tibbett, '05; 'W'hwOer, 'OC;
llnody. "<KJ; Ijh Granee, '06; Backus, 'Ofl;
Fi^wait. "07: Olson, '07; Lowell, '07; Joy, '07;
'O7; Hackley, '07; Anthony, '00.
Broad Jump— Chaplin. '<¦«; Neighbor, '05;
Clark. 05; Snedirar, "04; P.oynton. '06; Posey,
Tfi; Kern. '07; Swersy. - 07; Lirda. "04.
Pole Vault — Wilcrx. 'O4; Schultz, '07: Case,
'©•: Pymra**. '«>?; Sarseant. "07>
Hammer throw —^.^erry. '07; Bcynton, 'O6'
Flliott. or,; ZaoharaiK '07; HartHne. '04;
Gratrs, '07; Chubb. '07.
Hipli jump— Cooley. 'O4; Hickey. 'ofi; Adamy,
•o«; dark. '05: Z"ph. "07: Stsvej, '07; Parker.
•«7: Gordon. 'Ofl; Llpda. '04.
Photput— Sperry, 'U7; Gllmore. '06; Foutz.
KaFtins*: Pnedtsar. '<M: Bochman, dental:
Nifhkian. 'OC; Elliott. 'Ofi: OConnell, '06: Kel
•ej-, -06.
The officials for the day will be the
following named: Referee, Dyer;
Judges at finish. W. E. Magee. R. H.
Rhodes. Koch; timers. Colonel G. C.
Edwards and Al Norton; inspectors.
Force, Parker and Curtis; field judges,
Al Plaw -and Roy Woolsey; starter,
Cadogan; clerk of course. Powell; an
nouncer. Lou Kennedy.
Lane Honored.
Franklin K.. Lane has received an
invitation from the Iroquois Club of
Chicago to attend its annual banquet
on Jefferson's birthday, April 13, and
respond to the toast, "The
Democracy of the Pacific Coast."
Among the others invited to speak are
John Sharp Williams, Democratic
leader of the House of Representa
tives; Mayor George B. McClellan of
New 'York. Senator Bailey of Texas,
Judge A. B. Parker of New York,
Richard Olney of Massachusetts, Tom
L. Johnson of Ohio and Mayor Carter
Harrison of Chicago.
NEW YORK. March 2t— Control of
the Morning Telegraph has been pur
chased from the estate of the late Wil
liam C. Whitney by E. R. Thomas. It
«at said to-night at the office of the
paper that the only reason for dispos
ing of the property was that Harry
Payne Whitney, executor of the estate,
has so many burdens that he could not
be exx>ected to continue as the respon
sible owner, and it is known that even
Xn the lifetime of the elder Whitney
many disinterested persons advised
him to dispose of the paper because of
k:s large turf interests.
Mr. Thomas purchased Herxnis for
•60,009 and is the owner of a string of
ether horses valued at $70,000. Since
fcig return to this country from Europe
Thomas has declared his intention of
fcplng a winner of sufficient stakes and
prizes this year to make him the lead
ing turfman of America, an honor
achieved in 1&03 by the late Mr. Whit
ney. •
6p*rl8! D!«p*tch to Tb» Call
Chicago fielded. a lot better than did
the native colts. Anderson really lost
the game for San Francisco in the sec
ond Inning, when his rank error let in
two runs. The teams were about even
up in th*e hitting department, but the
Chicago stars shone brightly on the
bases and were ever ready to turn a
trick there that might mean a run.
Dick Brown started in on the slab
for the big leaguers and Uncle's kids
began to wallop his offerings right
away. He walked Hildebrand, the sec
ond man up. Meany hit a straggler to
second and Evers fell down in trying
to field it. Irwin shot the ball over
the third sack and on this neat blngle
Hihlebrand came in. Leahy followed
with one out to center, which allowed'
Meany to land.
Chicago opened up in the second.
O'Neill drew the only pass that Cutter
issued during the engagement. Cor
rldon and Tinker hit. Then Evers
lined one at Anderson and he booted
the ball. This let O'Neill in and shortly
after Corridon came around on Brown's
force of Evers at second. An error by
Irwin gave the visitors a start in the
fourth inning. Then two more hits by
Evers and Brown brought home a pair
of runs.
In the seventh Lundgren went into
the box for the big leaguers and the
natives celebrated the event by getting
to him for two runs in a twinkling.
He was wild and walked Leahy, the
first man to face him. Then.. Massey
hit, but Schmeer forced Leahy at third.
Cutter drove one into right field and
Waldron followed with another that
scored Massey. Hildebrand kept up
the bombardment with a drive over
second, sending in Meany and tying
up the score.
It remained a deadlock till the
eleventh. Both teams settled down
and no more errors followed. It look
ed good for about fifteen innings when
Chicago had two men put out in quick
order in the eleventh, but Casey's
mighty swat over the right field in
closure ended it all, for San Francisco
could not come through with a run or
a hit in its half of the same round.
The same teams will hook up again
this afternoon at 3 o'clock. The score;
San Francisco — i Chicago —
A. R. II. P.A. j A. R. II. P. A. I
Wldrn.cf 5 0 12 0 Slasle.cf C 0 O 3 O '
Hldbrd.lf 4 12 •* O Casey 3b 6 12 12
Meany. rf 0 12 4 0;Grhm.rf. 5 O 0 4 il
IrwIn.Sb. 5 0 12 lJMcCty.lf 3 0 12 0
Andsn.Sb 4 0 0 4 .VO'N'cill.c. 4 1 1 R 3
Leahy.c. 3 0 1 3 liTinker.8. 5 113 2
Mssey.lb 4 1 1 14 1-Crrdn.lb 5 1 3 11 0
Schmer.s 5 1 1 0 5 Evers.2b S 1 1 4 4 '
Cutter.p. 4 0 10 4,Brown.p. .1 O 2 0 2
iLndgrn.p 2 0 0 0 5
Totals 40 4 10 33 15
I Totals 46 5 11 33 19
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Chicago 02 02 0 0000 0 1 — 5
.Base hits 0 202121110 1—11
San Francisco 2 000020000 O — 4
Base hits .1 001140100 O—10
SUMMART.
Base hits — Oft Brown 5. off Xundgren 8.
Stolen bases — Corridon. Evers. Errors — Ander
«on. Irwin. Corridon. Tinker. Leahy. Schmeer.
Hoirte run — Casey. Sacrlflc* hit — Graham.
First base on errors — San Francisco 2. Chi
cago 3. First base on called balls— Oft Cutter
1. oft Brown 3. off Lund^ren 6. Loft on bases
— San Francisco 9. Chicago 10. Struck out —
By Cutter 2, by Brown I. by I^uodgren 2.
Double play — Casey to Ever* to Corrtrton.
Wild pitch — Cutter. Time of game — Two
hours and 15 minutes. Umpire — Houston.
Though the game was interesting
and hair raising at intervals It did not
look like a championship struggle.
The Chicago team is a fairly fast ag
gregation, but San Francisco has seen
better ball teams in action, notably the
All Americans and the Nationals.
Though the visiting stars have had the
advantage of a lot of practice in the
last few weeks, they did not outclass
nor outplay the home aggregation to
any alarming extent.
Cutter, who. tossed the twisters for
Uncle, had a good day. He was steady
and lucky and also the umpire favored
him some. Taking these things into
consideration, he gave a very fair ac
count of himself.
The fans were treated to a glimpse
of Uncle's 1904 layout on the firing
line yesterday afternoon and the thou
sand or more that graced the bleach
ers and stands at the South Side park
went away, when it was all over feel
ing rather satisfied, for the native toss
ers fought a battle that savored of
real baseball. Chicago was worried
for many innings, but finally Casey
put the ball over the right field fenca
in the eleventh and then all was over.
Corbett announces that he is within
striking distance of the required weight
and can make It at any time now. Ho
has practically let up on his hard work
and will content himself with a little
light exercise from now on. His train
ers are very much pleased with the
champion's condition and say that there
is nothing lacking.
went into the gymnasium for an
hour or so yesterday afternoon and
pulled the machinery around till ha
worked up a sweat. Previous to that
the little fellow had his usual trot on
the road and came back with a healthy
glow on his face.
Britt put in a busy day over at Croll's
gardens, Alameda. He took two lorn?
runs on the road and then got busy in
the gymnasium. He boxed with Fr»d
Landers, punched the ba? and worked
the various machines around the place.
He is all but down to weight and ac
cording to himself and his trainers ;s
ready to enter the ring at any time.
"Kid" Hermann, the Chicago bracer,
seems very anxious to meet the win
ner of the battle. Last night he post-vl
$1000 at Harry Corbett's as a guarantee
that h2 would appear in the rins
against the winner. "Spider" Welch
wants to get on with the "Kid." but
\he latter seems to think he is entltle.l
to bigger garrfe and at the present time
will not listen to anything but Britt or
Corbett.
It is the general opinion of the wis*
contingent that the price will drop still
lower. Some figure that Corbett will
enter the ring next Friday night a
10 to 6 favorite, while others go a bit
better and prophesy odds of 2 to 1. If
the odds keep dropping as they hav-.
been doing It is not at all unlikely tha:
the latter price will prevail on the day
and night of the battle.
According to the best authority th*
odds are a trifle low at the present
time, and if the price becomes any
worse it will certainly be false. Cor
bett has no license to be a 2 to 1 fa
vorite over Britt. yet Britt's backers
appear to be holding back and from In
dications are desirous of getting th»
latter price if there is any possible
chance.
As the days pass by tha Interest !n
the coming fistic engagement between
Young Corbett and Jimmy Britt in
creases. At the present time it is tha
talk of the town and every follower ot
the game la busily engaged In discuss
ing the respective merits of the rival
boxers or figuring out Just what odds
should prevail.
The wise /bettors like Corbett. That
was clearly demonstrated last night
when they were laying 10 to 7 oa his
chances of defeating the pride of San
Francisco. ¦ This money was invariably
taken up in a hurry, proving beyo'id
a doubt that Jimmy's admirers ars
holding out for a good price.
The betting opened at odds of 10 to 8,
with Corbett favorite. There waa Kt
tle or nothing doing at this price, for
the Britt admirers had a huncn that
the odds would certainly become better
and therefore they held out. At 10 to
1Y 2 . the odds that prevailed a few hour*
later., the betting livened up a bit. but
the real doings did not materialize till
the price dropped to 10 to 7.
The admirers of Britt seemed to like
this and the Corbett money was Quickly
snapped up. The wagering becan.u
quite brisk late in the evening and a
large amount was staked about towi
on the chances of the rival lightweights.
No big sums were written, the average
backer being satisfied to make a bet
ranging all the way from $10 to $100
on his man.
Son of the Late Former
Secretary of the Navy Dis
poses of Part of Estate
Brown. Prince, a Long Shot,
Defeats Inaugurator and
Skirmish in the Fifth Race
Each Fighter Is Engaged
in Putting the Finishing
Touches on His Physique
Uncle Hank's Tossers Make
Creditable Showing With
Crack National Leaguers
CUTTER PITCHES WELL
Drivers of Motor Cars Band Together
to Promote Good Fellowship
Among Members.
The drivers of automobiles in this
city have formed the Chauffeurs' As
sociation of California No. 1. It has
been founded for the purpose of pro
tection and benefit and to promote a
feeling of good fellowship among the
various men employed in , driving
motor cars. v~v r
At the present time the new organi
zation has more than fifty members.
Officers have been elected, bylaws ar
ranged and a new scale of wages fixed.
The chauffeurs are i now divided into
three classes, with a sliding scale of
wages. Each. man must pass an ex
amination and must be skilled in run
ning a certain make of machine before
securing a position. The newly elected
officers • of ¦• the association as as fol
lows:' : '¦/¦: ¦ " •
President, S. Hewson: vice president,
A. "It. Newcomb; secretary. T. J.
Swentzel; treasurer, J. P. Jarvis; con
ductor, Louis Lucky; sergeant at arms,
CM. Anderson. -The chauffeurs have
mutually agreed not to go over, the
speed limit in Golden Gate Park at
night time. . : . .. . . . ..
With anything like fair racing luck
Jimmy Coffey would have taken the
next purse also, for his Foxy Grandpa,
the 9 to 10 favorite, was much the best.
Soon after the start Buxton, who rode
the black colt, was bumped and his
mount almost thrown. In the stretch
Travers, on the second choice, Harbor,
passed Box Elder. Later on he was
brought to a- hard drive in order to
get the decision from the first choice.
Buxton, on the latter, rode a very un
decided race through the stretch, get
ting Jostled or cut off repeatedly, or
he would have scored anyway. Jack
Little took show honors.
Several defeats did not cause the pop
ularity of Horton to wane, as the little
horse closed a 2 to 1 favorite for the
mile and a furlong selling event. He
was beaten several lengths at the fin
ish and at no stage looked like a win
ner. The ring laid the extremely long
price of 10 to 1 against Gateway, and
Tommy Lottridge's three-year-old dis
posed of Idogo, another long shot, by
nearly a length. Anirad, the 3 to 1
choice, astride which filly Knapp did
not furnish one of his best efforts, end
ed up in third position. Silurian ran
disappointingly.
A very ordinary collection of platers
started in the mile selling run, next de
cided. Rim Rock, with Mountain up.
went to the post favorite at 8 to 5, and
after showing prominently to the
stretch ran unplaced. Powell handled
the 10 to 1 shot Past Master with ex
cellent judgment, winning ridden out
from Petrolia, also quoted at 10 to 1.
Toting Morello was third.
XOTES OF THE TRACK.
The purse won by Gateway did not
benefit Tommy Lottrldge any. The
three-year-old was bid up $300 over his
entered selling price by Charley Mc-
Cafferty.
Hulford, the clever three-year-old
owned by Harry Stover, is a full broth
er to Gaviota, a useful performer on
the New York tracks last season. As
a yearling Hulford was knocked down
to the bid of P. Ryan for $2200 at the
Xapa Stock Farm sale. The latter es
tablishment recently lost a suckling
brother of the two horses mentioned.
. Mat Storn was at the track again
yesterday after another severe spell of
illness. Mat says he will be fit and
able to pick some winners in a day or
so.
Ed Lanigan states that Miss Reel
foaled a fine looking bay colt by Rubi
con at Brentwood farm on Sunday.
Jack Martin's ride on Solanu^ was
a vast Improvement over his elicit on
the same colt when beaten by Sailor
Knot and Celebrant on March 14. To
a close observer who watched that last
mentioned race it was clearly apparent
that Solanus was the better horse and
should have won.
Only last Friday Gateway defeated
Anirad. Then what marie the Matter
£V; to 1 and Gateway. 10 yesterday?
Bookmakers get out of line at times.
Following are to-day's entr'os:
First race — Five and a half furlongs; throe
ytar-olds; Belling:
6363 Vaughan (Mrs. Hertzell) 101
C374 »Lady Atheling (Kyle) 94
6363 »Moynard (Storn) 5K»
6412 Midway (Piedmont Stable) ....... 107
«3&3 "Miss May Uowdish (Blaalngame). . . . m
<>in<! Hannah Van (\A?e & Son). ........ ..lTi2
6376 Hogarth (Carmody) . .-. ..101
6340 'Resigned (Macdonald) ../.:.:...... .102
«?.O3 Maxetta (Jeuness) .....:\ .......102
T.W52 Homeric (Judge .........> ......107
61M Targette (Fountain) .*. ut
6218 Doris (Jonei). ...;...........•...;... .107
6271 Ix»u1s Me <Devln &. Co.). ..... .-.....:'. 109
6340 Brookwood Belle (Blaylock) ...107
fiMO Morello It (Graftort) 1C°
6115 Crlsll (Gruwell). , 107
It looked as if Galanthus held the
other starters in the six and a half
furlong event safe, and was according
ly installed a 7 to 5 favorite. Beeves
with quite a chunk of weight off from
his preceding race, looked the horse to
beat, but under mild handling ran a
cheap third. Hulford with "Big Bill"
Knapp looked troublesome for a time,
though finally led out two lengths by
the favorite. Captivate showed some
early speed. \
Two-thirds of the Oakland race
going crowd have not nearly as high
an opinion of Garnet Ferguson's colt.
Lord Wadsworth, now as they had
previous to the last event on the card
yesterday. Although the strapping
chestnut colt ivas conceding live
pounds to Solanus and Celebrant.it was
thought he could extinguish their
claims to greatness with the same
easiness that Young Corbett expects to
put away Jimmy Britt. Although a
world of money was bet on Wadsworth
It did. not prevent his price from go
ing back to 3 to 2, after opening a
9 to 10 favorite. Walter Jennings did
not think well of the chances of So
lanus, nevertheless the odds were ham
mered down from fours until 11 to &
was difficult to obtain. Celebrant re
ceived steady support at about the
same figure. George Wentworth
ducked the issue with Red Cross Nurse.
Charley Connell rode Lord Wadsworth.
and it cannot be said that he furnished
a gilt-edged exhibition. He raced his
mount out in the lead with Celebrant
to the far turn and it then looked as
if he wished to avoid the pace, for he
gave up second position to Solanus,
which colt had been outbroken at the
start. Turning into the stretch Mar
tin on the latter started after Sheehan
astride Celebrant with a wet sail. The
Hamilton Stable representative clung
on gamely, but at the finish was beaten
out half a length. The favorite when
too late closed very strong on the out
side, four lengths back.
The track was muddy and holding
and Galanthus was the one favorite
to land first. On form, though, the
bookmakers were clearly out of line on
Quiz II and Gateway.
Quiz II was always partial to heavy
or stlckv going, but despite this fact
the McCafferty gelding's odds receded
from 2 1 i to 3*^ to 1 in the betting on the
first event. He was ridden by C
Smith and, in front almost from the
start, won handily from Blackthorn, a
15 to 1 shot. Possart, which closed fa
vorite, finished an indifferent third.
Titus commanded some respect, but
Tommy Butler got him down in the
deep going and he did not prove dan
gerous.
SALE OF A NEWSPAPER
GOLDEN RULE GOOD ONE
ODDS DEOP NOTICEABLY
Lord Wadsworth
and Celebrant
Defeated.
Owner of Hermis Proposes
to Lead All Other Turf
men in the Country
Exciting Contest Ends When
Cpsey Lines Out Home Run
Drive in Eleventh Bound
Four Are in Front in the
Programme at the Ascot
Track in Los Angeles
Feather-weight Champion
Is Not? a 10 to 7 -Favorite
Over San Francisco Lad
THOMAS SEEKS
WHITNEY'S FAME
TALENT WINS
ON FAVORITES
CHICAGO BEATS
THE HOME TEAM
BETTORS FAVOR
YOUNG CORBETT
JACK MARTIN ON SOLANUS
RIDES A VIGOROUS FINISH
RACETRACK HAPPENINGS AND NEWS FROM BOXERS' CAMPS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL'. TUESDAY. MARCH 22. 1004.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S' RACING FORM CHART.
10
T^ 1^% 1™^ H H T^ l^T ¥
I I ilJJU 1 U ifiDIIi |
I spQ* i And Women, Too! |
V*^/ < 5^>6wra Do y ? u want t0 be a bIgi hu9k y man, 8
V >— -^5 *CL^(v 1 *- i$fB with vim and power in your every ac- O
V /T/ I \N^ \T jS» tlon - witn courage, self-confldence and »
W, j&Jl I Y^-n Y^ttTSZXl- **¦» ambition to "do things"? Do you want »
¦ /±r^L ' lULSa&gg&Jt&k lo e , et rid of that deling of ploom. that O
O i^VS^i=Li — woakr.pys in your ba^k. that nervous. 6
$ \\**kril "¦ ¦**?*, C^ r \^i' : ' wor ' 1 " n " t I"*?plinK which unfits you for »
-3> i- i^w^^S^l'f N jM yOTJ wallt to '^?'l like a man all &•
V {••if- \&Z£* t/>? \ } i. iW? ? ver> to h " 1(1 "P >°" r h p ad with th* «
'¦' V ZT' J $ F*J{& ; /^~ t 1 V/>V_ /$% Knowledge that you are 'lie man that na- #
%' 1 know that »"> man remains a weak- '£?
X >S 'Er^T^S-i^ki-^^ "J 1 * becaus e he wants to. I am sure, ft
Y- V: OeMrUUiHaBi rT^^^g" that you want to overcome every lndlca- S
X ELECTKIC BBJ$ \ W tion of early decay that has shown itself »
X f q*i . ..¦..'¦ . .TrVT^ on >' ou - I don't think the man lives who '<$
_V f. ' v.ould not like to feel as biff and strong D
£? as a Sandow. and I know that if you O
V. . , \ ' !iave a reasonable foundation to build O
O upon I can make you a bigger man than you ever hoped to be. I want you O
£> to know that, you who can't believe it. and I want ywu to have my book S
O In whifh I describe how I learned that smnpth was' only electricity and tf
£? . bow I learned to restore it: also I want to tell you the names of some men O
O who will tr>!l you that when they came to me they were physical wrecks ' O
A' and are now among the finest specimens of physical manhood. ' ' o
'*j I ran do just as much for women as for men. 1 have thousands of let- D
A ters from grateful women,' who had spent years and money trying to net Q
fj relJpf from drugs. And who came to me as a last resort and'are cured now O
<Q> Why should you be suffering '. v5
O when you know that your, friends. . , at •. ,n If/// o
•6 drugs in a few months, if i'nvoste.J '¦ SftJ$$m<(rH, . ' ' V '^^SM?j>s. ?5
O in :ny ireatm: ;.t. will assure you -^^rtt^ilm^ 4 ?
<? for this iKK^k with the proof that :^ t:u^^i^fl %
V I ran p1ve you. and you Trill be fgg&fflp'S^^^ J >'" :^V-* >nl - tl yi > !"tt/j» O
O Don't wait a minute. Sf>nd for 'W^Xrt&ntf&Zr i%
tills bonk now. If you will inclose J^ K '^ O
<C» this u6. I will Fend it sealed, free. . '/Wmv**^ 'S
O and will give you the names. of . . ,.'»i*\ i.T/» '«!
<!; your own neighbors who are cured. ¦ . • ' . X '
i>. I will tell you whether I can cure you or not. If you will! tell me your- £>
i> troubles. Call, if possible, for free consultation. , . -Jtt
Dl* M CMcLauo-hlin 906 Market St. I
> LJi . Xfl» \*s iflCLrClU^lllIIl, Akm-l31to.Su IriMtaM S
j^ OCJce Hours: 8 a. ra. to 8 p. m.; Sundays, 10 to'l. 1\* "O
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
RHEUMATISM #*\
JOIHTSMDMUSCLESSWOllEMAHD STIFF Ar^l,
A disease so painful and far-reaching in its effects %|Pj^r-' *'
upon the human system as Rheumatism, must have a deep f
and well-laid foundation. It originates and develops in j^T^ I
the blood, and, like other diseases of the blood, is fre- J^l^'^yPkfN
quently inherited. The poisonous acids with which the l^bi^^^^K^i
blood is charged circulate through the system, breaking vfgg82Ss*N?
down the health, irritating ™" ' '
the nerves, settling in joints x had a 8evere attS™fiSfe2S5%hSS^
and muscles, and. causing the ««?• J7»» »*Jd ' «P in bed for six mont£«, and tha
sharp, cutting pains peculiar ?3S^^^^ ™^-*£^
to Rheumatism. Unless the >«emed to}ielp »•'. vtxSny lhAoZ tSSi^Sfi
blood is purified, joints and SJS^St
muscles become coated with could not close them when opened. I was rattlnr
the acrid matter and are ren- w^h'fX^^ntinnSSV^ 8 ; 8^ but •¦ * ¦•» **
dered stiff and sore, and the h aw».ooBtlaMd.«™itoJ.y M n. 1Madt
nerves completely wrecked. 13C5 Mt - "Vernon Av«. b. h. CHAPMAN.
Rheumatism, being a constitutional blood disease, requires internal treat-
ment. Liniments, plasters and such things as are applied outwardly give
SX-^ •-¦% onlv temporary relief. S.S. S. is the recognized great-
fi^S C^^l cst °* al1 bl ood purifiers and tonics, and in no disease
V^^ V^^ does it act so promptly and beneficially as Rhemna-
b**^/ tism> ne utr alizinf the acids and restoring the blood
to a pure, healthy condition and invigorating and
toning up the nerves and all parts of the system. It is guaranteed strictly
vegetable. Write us should you desire medical advice, which will cost you
nothing: th E SWtFT SPECIFIC CO., ATIAHTA, GA.HONOLITLU. T. H.. March 21. — A call has
been Issued fcr Republican primaries on April
10 to elect delegates to a convention to be held
In Hllo April 21 fcr the purpose cf choo«lng
delegatrs to the Republican rational conven
tion. Ttere are many candidates.
HONOLULU. T % H... March 21. — Ships r*ady j
to leave here are. having much difficulty In tcet- !
ting eailcrs.'sf there Is a shortage of them tn '
port. The last of the round the Horn tailing
ftret ts about ready to go.
SPEAKER SNUBS BAKER.
Statements Reflecting on Oollenjuc
; Call Forth a Rebuke.
WASHINGTON. March 21. — After
Rear Admiral Evans, who has just
relinquished command of the Asiatic
station, is at Hongkong awaiting the
fitting out of his flagship Kentucky,
upon which he will sail for home via
the Suez canal on the 25th inst.
WASHINGTON. March 21. — A cable
message was received to-day from
Rear Admiral Cooper at Hongkong
saying that he had assumed command
of the Asiatic station.
Cooper Assumes Command.
At the conclusion of the address Rev.
E. L. Parsons of St. Mark's Church,
Berkeley, delivered the benediction. To
day at noon Walter Macarthur, editor
of the Coast Seamen's Journal, .will
speak on "Righteous Citizenship in the
Shop."
form of that selfish view of life which esti
mates it to be simply a means of feeding . ih.
body for the day and prorldlng for the de
lights of the next day. It surely cannct corns
from any of these. If it corse* it seem* to
me it can only come in the name of that holy
religion whereby we were sealed — the religion,
plain and simple — old fashion — of our fathers
and mothers — the religion of the people who
laid the foundation of the state we lire in —
the religion which has guaranteed the family,
which gave us room and home and shelter^ —
the religion of Jesus Christ, which calls up>rs
men to lire cot for themselves alone, but to
remen.ber in every day's labor, in all kinds
of work — ta the field, at the machine, in th#
office — that they are not their own, but are
bought with a price. That they cannot live
according to their own instincts; that they
cannot treat that which has been placed In
their hands as trivial, but that they have all
b«?»n bought with a price; that they can- only
fulfill the purpose of their existence by »ervio*
to the Almighty God. I know no solution for
the difficulties that face us except this one
of obedience to the call which comes to every
son of man, to be found in service continually
unto God.
PARIS. March 21. — Paul Kruger.
former President of the Transvaal,
who is residing at Menton*s has In
herited a small fortune left to him by
Charles Chabooseau, a school teacher
of St. Bazeille and an ardent admirer
of the. Boers.
Oom Paul Heir* to a Fortune.
Provision is made for a colonization
fund by having the Secretary of the
Treasury issue 3 per cent gold bonds,
payable not exceeding fifty years from
the date of issue to the extent of not
more than $50,000,000 and not more than
Jo.000,000 in any one year. The colon
ization bureau is empowered to make
loans not exceeding $1500 to any per
son duly qualified to enter land under
the homestead laws. Proper provision
is made for the security of the lands
and restrictions for the judicious ex
penditure of the loans received from
the Government.
In the preamble the bill urges the
necessity of relieving the congestion In
the larger cities and suggests the use
of the lands under irrigation by the
operation of the reclamation act of
June IT, 1902, in colonizing a large num
ber of families.
WASHINGTON, March 21.— To cre
ate a colonization bureau and to pro
vide for advances to actual settlers on
the public domain is the purproe of a
bill introduced in the Senate to-day
by request of Senator Hoar. It .. is
known as the Booth-Tucker bill and
is the colonization scheme of the" Sal
vation Army.
"WASHINGTON. March 21.—Consider
ation in the Senate to-day of the bill
providing for the purchase of a site and
the erection of a building for the De
partments of State, Justice and Com
merce and Labor -was made the occa
sion for adverse criticism of the archi
tect who planned the White House of
0oe*. Senators Hale and Teller led the
eliarpe on the architect and Newlanda
defended him.
Newlands took exception to the criti
cisms that have been made against the
architect cf the White House additions.
H'r said the architect did not know the
office building was to be constructed
v.hen he first took hold of the matter.
No^Iand»£aid that the arcades on each
side of the White House were in ac
cordance with the original design. He
also asserted that the cost had been
reasonable instead of extravagant.
Newlands. discussing the White
House offices, said that there had been
no material change in the general ap
rearance of the exterior, whereupon
Teller said:
"They have added to it what I think
i* a monstrosity and destroyed the
beauty of the building. I have yet to
see any one who has not agreed with j
me."
Hale declared that the intention of i
Congress had not been carried out. i
There should have been a two-story J
tmOdinc co the President would have i
his office upstairs, and people who go I
there would not have to be put into j
holes and corners. Hale said the mem- ]
btrs of the Appropriation Committee I
went to the President and urged him :
not to ha\ - e the original plans of the
White House changed. The President
assured them that *if he had to sit up
rights he would see that the original
plans were not disturbed by any archi
tect."
Hale spoke cf what he termed "the
Impudence" of the architect in declar
ing that the executive office was a tem-
I orary affair. The idea of the commit
tee, he said, was that It was to be a
permanent affair, and the appropriation
bill so provided. He criticised the pay- t
ment of enormous fees to the architects
employed in connection with the While
House improvements, and said they
had received JSOOO for the plans. Then,
he said, they charged a percentage on
de whole contract, as well as a per
centage on ever}- payment of the con
tract, and drew out of it J47.OOO.
Discussion of the bill had not con
cluded when the Senate, at 3:25 o'clock,
adjourned out of respect to the mem
ory of the late Representative Thomp
son of Alabama. The President pro
tern, appointed a committee to repre
sent the Senate at the funeral.
The Senate passed the following
measures: To promote the efficiency of
the revenue cutter service; for the de
livery on the Pacific Coast of two light
draught vessels now being built In New-
York and New Jersey.
Proposal to Eret't Buildimr
for Departments in Capital
Causes Debate in Senate
Salvation Army Leaders
Plan to Open Vast Areas
With the Aid of Congress
COLONIZATION
THEIR PROJECT
SOLONS SCORE
THE ARCHITECT
He is not & richteous citizen who. when his
emaloyes come to him and ask for a hearing
Fsyl there Is nothing to arbitrate. There U
always something to arbitrate when God"a i
children are affected. Every one . of them >
has a right to a hearing, and when one great !
fraction— one-half lndee<J^-come« up to the I
other half and says we would have a heur-
Ing the heartnr must be; for men are set
here in this world to talk together and ptf
derstaad each other.. There -are exasperating
rcen who will not deal with business as I
have suggested, but, these fundamental piln
cfples Indicate a righteous cittzenehin^ — to bs
patient and charitable and sympathetic toward
one another, for we are in reality brothers enr
to another. - And he Is a righteous cttixen wUo
understands that this life we live In society
and state is a life, after all, of neighbor*,
and we must listen to one another and . we
must help one another and we- must co
operate one with another and we must : be
patient.
' There are abundant opportunities where the
man In the office might lay h6ld to help •.n
politics, and whit can be done through the
ordinary machinery of politics |» small as
compar* 1 * with -what the man \ of the office
can dp in helping to bind up then* grievous
wounds - that bleed and flow la the eyes of.
nociety • to-day.- - I do - act know - where i the
solution is to, come from. .-'It .la -not to -come
from the- • reading - of many scientific books
treating this subject eclentiflcaHy; It is not
to come from fighting intensely the battle* of
capital against , labor and of . labor against
capital. It i* eurely not to come oat of Any
Thert Is nothing connected with the fesponst- [
bi'.ities of American citizenship that is un- '
worthy of my help and my uplifting. The men :
who sit in the office are, of all the men of
American duties, most likely to be indifferent
to the American state. They say: "My busl- I
ness Interests I will look after: they concern •
me and they concern nobody else: I will see i
to It that I spend all of my time and th» t
time that my employer has paid me for the [
good of my employer and myself; I will waste i
no time on the hurry-skurry of politics." It '
Is because of that Indifference that politics \
in many of our States has gone the way It \
has. It I* because - th-e business men have !
not been -willing to lay a hand to the wcrk- {
have not been willing to taks the risks tncl- f
dent to taking a definite ponttion on public }
affair*. This does not mean that you must b«
candidates for office; It is no call to you to [
be office-seeker?. It Is a call ta you to appre- i
elate the exceedlnc good thin* that has b^en '
left u* * by your fathers and the responsi- ;
bil'ty you have Incurred in havlnjr Inherited, j
It is not righteous citizenship when the man
who controls a corporation or sits In the place 1
of responsibility in the counting- room, and says
•*I wt!l do with my own as I wllf and the
public b<? damned."
RIGHT OF HEARING. :
. After the reading of the lesson and |
another hymn. Dr. Wheeler delivered ]
the address. The remarks of the gifted ;
speaker were listened to with rapt at- !
tention. Dr. Wheeler said in part: j
The call to citiienship resounds throughout !
this land co-day as It never resounded beiore — !
as it never resounded in any land — in any time. I
Never In the history or mankind has there \
been a land Jn which the fate o£ things rested ¦
so clearly upon good citizenship as in this land !
of ours; and n»ver In the history of this !
nation has there bsen a tim« when the call of i
.state, of conscience and the variety of ata- '
tiers corr.bine>i bo thoroughly to make a de
mand upon good citizenship as in this day of i
these United States. ••Rlshtr.j-Jsness Is Good i
Citizenship." That Is the th«me of what I '¦
have to say this morning to you, and shall
shape the words that they may address them- '<
selves to ihcse who sit In positions of respon- i
Bibility and authority in the ornce. :
There never was. In the history of this p»o- I
pie of ours, a time when the call for good
Citizenship was direct ar.d certain aa It Is to- '
day. • The sudden budding out of the field of
nations] purpose haa opened questions In '
rolitics! that aftect the very foundations of '
government. The sudden broadening and In- •
ten3ifyinK. not only between distinct parts of |
the world's surface, but between parts of the •
came statt — parts of the earn*- people have
teen rrade i^csslble In a way that man could .
never have dreamed of b'fore. The organiza- j
tion of the iiower of wealth and the power of !
work into forms that make the old fashion '
freeman and the founder of old fashioned free- [
drir^ wrap his cloak about him in awe.
The lessen I would address to the business '
men who have come together for this service !
arises cut of the text. There Is no public In- I
stitutlon tos.»lble; there is not society; there ,
Is r-o state without some element of self- f
sacrifice — without something that partakes of t
the spirit of religion, without public spirit. '
without patriotism. It is impossible to found [
a state of society upon purely economfc con- j
slderations. Stats and society upon the basU •
of pure bread end butter considerations is a
forwgo^e impossibility. If we have drifted
toward that law. turn about. There can b« so
ciety, there can be home, there can be the state
enly a* men conceive that their lives are In
thefn^elves incomrl?te,acd conceive of their duty
as involving daily the element oi self-saeriJice
— of *a-ritic of what seem* to b? the individual
good. And what can the man who sits in the •
office do? Of all the men we have. thos« are ¦
the men most likely to turn from questions
Involving the state; they are men who fee!
most "asily the smirch of wjiat is termed dirty
politics: they are the men who feel that they
are most Hkely to bs hurt by participating in
the affairs cf state. Will they not ar!s«, and,
say there Is nothing that is called American,
under the name of American citizenship or
connected with its responsibilities that I will
call dirty? *
DR. WHEELER SPEAKS.
In conformity with a custom inaug
urated six years ago. noonday Lenten
services were held yesterday in the
rooms of the Chamber of Commerce,
under the auspices of the Brotherhood
of St, Andrew, and if attendance is
any indication of the interest mani
fested by the business community in
a movement that is designed for its
spiritual welfare, the remaining meet
ings will be highly successful. The sub
ject cf "Righteous Citizenship" in all
its many phases will be discussed dur
ing the week by speakers of renown.
The announcement that Dr. Benja
min Ide Wheeler, president of the Uni
versity of California, would deliver an
address on the opening day of the Pas
sion week services excited considerable
interest. As the factory whistles an
nounced the noon hour employei
rubbed elbow with clerk in the im
provised church in the headquarters of
commercialism. The services, which
were ied by J. C. Astredo, superintend
ent of the Cathedral Mission of the
Episcopal Church, opened with a hymn
and were followed by the Apostles'
Creed.
Dr. Benjamin Ide Wheeler
Speaks on "Righteous
Citizenship."
DR. BE.VJAMIN IDE WHEELER,
PRESIDENT OF THE UNIVER
SITY OF CALIFORNIA.
If you hare not read this charmlng-ty illus
trated book, you do rot realize that the South
ern Pacific U the scenic rout? across the con
tinent. A*k for * copy. You can get one from
S. F. Booth, fraeral "sent. - 1 Montgomery
street, or usy Southern Pacific asent. •
Seen From a Car Window.
As a further mark of respect the
House at 1:20 p. m. adjourned until
to-morrow.
"The chair -will meet that question
when it arises," abruptly answered
the Speaker, who recognized Landis
of Indiana.^,-.
Consideration of other business was
objected to by Williams, whereupon
Wiley of Alabama announced the
death In this city of his colleague,
Charles W. Thompson, and offered the
usual resolutions of sympathy and re
spect, which were adopted. The
Speaker appointed a committee to
represent the House of Representa
tives at the funeral.
When the report of the vote was an
nounced Baker inquired of the Speaker
if he was to be permitted an oppor
tunity to explain his action.
being in session an hour and twenty
minutes to-day the House adjourned
out of respect to the memory of the
late Representative Charles W.
Thompson of Alabama, who yesterday
died in this city. Soon after conven
ing* Hepburn offered a resolution re
citing certain statements by Repre
sentative Baker of New York contain
ed in the Congressional Record of last
Friday reflecting on the integrity and
honor of Babcock of Wisconsin, and
providing that they be expunged from
the record, Hepburn explained that
Baker had not delivered them on the
floor of the House, but had inserted
them in the Record under a leave to
print. The amendment was adopted
after the Democrats had forced a roll
call.
WASHINGTON, March 21. — The
President to-day sent to the Senate
the following nominations:
Secretary of legation — Norman
Hutchinson. California, at Caracas,
Venezuela.
Collector of Customs — Edward P.
Stackdale, District of Hawaii.
President Makes Nominations.
On Friday night the Doctor's Daugh
ters will fare forth as proprietors of
the biggest circus in town. That's no
exaggeration. The affair promises to
outdo any of the clever stunts done in
previous years by the versatile Daugh
ters, and all society will be there.
• • •
Sweet Laughing Water, Wawona and
the witching Minnehaha will hold
guard over the treasures of the tepee —
the baskets and blankets of their
ancient tribes.
The tax? Fifty cents, good friend.
And It goes to uphold the home for our
dumb friends — the homeless cats and
dogs. . ; -'i. ' .
The Indian costume dances will be
repeated and augmented, the songs and
ceremonials will be heard again, and
Hers.'.tl Mayall— the hero of many an
Indlcn encounter (on the stage)— will
give a recitation during the afternoon.
The Indian tea given at the home of
Mrs. George i Law Smith, 2226 Jackson
street, will be repeated on Thursday
afternoon and Thursday evening — and
the repetition was the fulfillment of a
popular demand.
In the leading solo parts are Miss
Helen- Heath, Mrs.* Frederick Young
berg, Miss Grace Marshall, Andrew
Bogart. and George Ryan, Dr. Sieberst
and W. Mealey in the comedy roles.
The following are the patronesses:
Mrs. William Irwln, Mrs. John D.
Spreckels, Mrs». Eleanor Martin, Mrs.
Horace Blanchard Chase, Mrs. N. G.
Kittle, Mrs. Charles Webb Howard,
Mrs. William Babcock, Mrs. E. D. Bey
lard, Mrs. William Hinkley Taylor,
Mrs. C. B. Alexander, Baroness von
MeyerincU^ Mrs. William S. Tevis, Mrs.
Egbert Stone, Mrs. Joseph Tobin, Mrs.
Marriner Campbell, Airs. Carter Pome
roy, Mrs. James R. Tucker, Mrs. E.
W. McKinstry. Mrs. Eugene Lent,
Mrs. George Pinckard, Mrs. L. L.
Baker and Mrs. Max Sloss.
The directors of the California
Woman's Hospital will give a clever
affair on April 21 and 22, when a
musical comedy, "His Royal Nibs,"
will be produced. It is said to be a
very clever skit and was builded by
home talent. Therefore will it have
to stand close scrutiny — for we all love
to pick apart the little musical and
dramatic doings of our fellow towns
man. The constructors of "His Royal
Nibs" are W. H. Clifford, who did the
libretto, and Howard Shafter, who
wrote the lyrics. Now, who knows but
San Francisco may some day rival
Bayreuth? Wagner wasn't always
great, nor was Bayreuth.
The charter will remain open for a
few months, closing when the mem
bership reaches sixty.
A new star appears in the galaxy
of clubs — the Cap and Bells — the
"cap" for academic pursuits and the
"bells" for fun and folly. Now, here's
a club that, clinging tenaciously to its
avowed purposes, ought to thrive mar
velously; for be it known that its
founders and charter members axe a
.quick, clever and capable coterie of
women, who believe in the efficacy of
i equal parts of fun and seriousness —
j with a slight leaning toward the
j "fun"; and in proportion to the
I recreation obtained in our clubs do
| we approach the standard of men's
clubs — where relaxation, not work. Is
the primary motive. Of course, the
"working" clubs, where sociological,
philanthropic and cultured work is
carried on, are of the most value to
the public, but it must be admitted
| that much is gained by the individual
j in a purely social and cultural club.
I And such is the new-born "Cap and
j Bells." Here's to it!
p The call for the preliminary meet-
I ing was issued on Thursday by Mrs.
W. P. Buckingham — and a few other
kindred spirits — and yesterday after
noon the women invited to join met in
the apartments of Mrs. 'Dorville LJbby
on Pine street.
With astonishing dispatch the meet
| iug was called to order. Mrs. Buck
1 ingham in the chair, and the tem
porary officers were forthwith se
lected.
The policy of the new organization
was then discussed, when along came
the momentous question of a name
for it. It was almost as hard as nam-
Ir.«? a baby. After a narrow escape
from "Iris" and a few other appel
lations, "Cap and Bells" was accepted
as Just the right name and the chris
tening was performed on the spot.
After a few preliminaries the regular
officers were elected and committees
on by-laws, ways and means, etc., ap
pointed. Now, how's that for dis
patch? And the ladies even found
time for a sociable cup of tea between
times.
The following officers were elected:
Officers — Mrs. \\". P. Buckingham, president;
Mrs. Squire Varick Mooney. vtc<? president;
Mrs. Dcrvfll* IJbbjr. corresponding secretary;
Miss EIizab«th Edwards, recording secretary;
Mn. E. B. Grace, treasurer.
Directors — Mrs. A. C. Freeman Mrs." Jane
MartelT. Mrs. California Newton. Mrs. JoEa
Campb«ll 5forongf. Mrs. "W. S. Gage.
Following is a list of the charter
members:
Mrs. M. M. Garoutte. Mrs. James A. Emery,
Mrs. S. P. Blumenberg. Mrs. F. A. Dorman,
Miss Lang-worthy Miss Mate! V. Freeman,
Mrs. V. C. Drirfleld. Mrs. Josephine Clark,
Mrs Oscar Mansfeldt. Mrs. F W. Croudace,
Miss Eleanor Crolidace. Mrs. " McClure. Mrs.
F. Carpenter. Mrs. A. Bouse Mrs. Dorvii;<»
Libby Jr., Mrs. Caroline Plunkett. Mrs. Lyle
Fletcher. Mr*. Sewall DoiUver. Mrs. Emma
Hunt. Mr*. Charles Stewart, Mrs. T." I.
Janes Mrs. Laura Bride Powers Mrs George
Law Smith. Mrs. Abbie Edward's.
By Sally Sharp.
The killing occurred on the east
bound overland train about 12 o'clock
at night Just before it reached Auburn.
Armstrong was coming from Woodland
and Gostlin get on at Sacramento. They
were coming to Auburn on a lawsuit
over mining property. After leaving
Newcastle Gostlin, who was sitting in
the front end of the car, got up and
deliberately walked down to where
Armstrong was sitting and with the
utterance. "Now I've got you," drew
his pistol and shot with mortal effect.
Armstrong was apparently looking
out of the window at the time. The bul
let entered his neck and his body never
changed position. Armstrong was born
and raised in Placer County. He went
to "Woodland a few years ago. where
he married the pretty daughter of John
Freeman, a large cattle owner, retain
ing, however, his mining interests here.
It is understood that Freeman will put
up a large amount of money to assist
in avenging the killing of his son-in
law. It is not thought that a jury will
be secured before to-morrow night.
AUBURN, March 2L— The trial of
Thomas Gostlin for the killing of E.
il. Armstrong on January 9 last be
gan in the Superior Court to-day be
fore Judge Prewett. The case prom
ises to be the most sensatic-nal trial in
Placer County in years. D. M. Delmas
of San Francisco is assisting District
Attorney Robinson in the prosecution,
while the defense is being looked after
by L. L. Chamberlain. F. P. Tuttle and
J. D. Meredith. From the questions
asked prospective Jurors to-day by
Chamberlain it would appear that the
plea c-f the defense will be temporary
insanity superinduced by mining liti
gation and family troubles.
The defense will 'Claim that the de
fendant was robbed by Armstrong, and
also that Armstrong had been intimate
with the defendant's wife. Mrs. Gost
lin was present to-day and announced
that she would stand by her husband.
She is accompanied by ner two daugh
ters and six sons, two of them babies
in arms. W. H. Gostlin, a brcrther, who
is Postmaster at Hammond, Ind., is
also present. .
Attorneys Will Say That
Crime Was Committed
While Accused Was Insane
3Iany Prominent Names Ap
pear on the Charter List,
Which Is Still Open
OFFICERS AEE ELECTED
Cap and Bells Name of Or
ganization for the Promo
tion of Wisdom and Fun
PLEA OF THE DEFENSE
Trial of Thomas Gostlin for
the Killing of E. M. Arm
strong Begins in Auburn
MURDER CASE
STIRS INTEREST
WOMEN FORM
A NEW CLUB
THE SAN ' FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY. MARCH 22, 1001
NOONDAY
SERVICES
ARE HELD
11
RATT.WAY TRAVEIh
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I / timir \9| Trals« 1sst« aad sra
I m saosM » shastaJ aV j
I . V *° " / * j du * la mrrt T * ••
VCry^^^Zw SAX FRANCISCO.
N^ f \ $ S (Uiia Llae. Ferry De?a».
>^<^ yoot of Market 3lr«et .
iiari Kaon y«BStrvaT IT. 1 V4. — Ullti
7 CO* Vacan:ie. Wiawn. Ka:m*ey 7-50r
7-OOa Benlcls. SaUas. Elrs-r* sad Sacrs-
meaiw 7-Z0f
740a TUieja. S«?s. Cs!!«to«s. Saau
Ko»a. Mmntnei. >5»s lUffion tZZr
740a Xr.es, LtTermora. Tracy. Latarop.
Scackron 7. 20*
%M0a SBtata ExrrvM— fVU DartsV
Wliilasu (for BarUett 9prra<».
w:i:o«a *Ptqco. Ked BIoX
Fortlsad. Tscoma. 8«aiU« 7 50*
1-00* Ds»:§. WoodlsaU. X.n!xiu Laadia*.
MarjJTtr.e. Oro»IUe 7-60/
S40a Port Costs. Msrtlae*. Aatloca.
Byroa. Trscr. Btocitoa. Ji«w-
• mm Lo* 6aaoa. Meadota,
Arasoaa. Haaford. Vlaalla.
Porterrllle 4.20'
9 30* rortCoattt. Marttaes. Tracy. LatJ»- ~ -
rop. Modesti, Merced. Fresaot
Go«t»i Jaaotioa. II tn tori.
VlssHs. Dsier»5-M 4 53*
I-S0* KCes. Saa Jose. LiTenaore. Scock-
lon. cM',:u>a). loae. Sa«raB>eaM.
PlaeerriMa. MarysTUIe. Coleo^
B-d BlaS 4-tO*
830» Oakdale. CBlaeae. Jia««r»n. *»•
nora, TnalBmne and Angela 4 20-
SCO* AUaaUeExrrfsa— Osiea aad Ea»«. 11 Ii-
8 SO* Rlcarnoad. MsrUaei sod Way
Sutioas 8 50-
10410* Td» Or«r:sad Lrntted — Ugilea.
DeaTcr. Omaas. C^ieagot 8 20.'
10C0* Vallejo. 12 20»
10-00 a Loa Anzeiea Paascager — Port
Coata. MarUnea, Byroa. Tr»c.
Latarop. Stockton. Merced.
BsyaonU. rreiao. Gosben Jane-
Coo. Hiaford. Leiaoore. VUaUa.
Ba^rrs&eld. Loa Aa<«:« 7 ?0»
12.00* Bay wart!. Sllea and Way S(at!oa«. 3.20P
ti.OGr 8*CT<m»ato Rlv«r 3t«an>*r*_ fi 10j»
3-3CP Ben!ct». Wlatera. Sacrsaientow
Woodlaad. Zslgbta Laadlag.
MarysTlUe. OrorJile and »ay
•uCons 1313*
3-Jttr Hay wsre. XHe» and Way Sutloas.. J6Qr
liQr Port Costs, Msrtlaex. Ujroo.
Tracy. Latfirop. M o i « « i o.
ttercsd. Fresno ahd Way Star
Uoas beyotd Port Coata . .„ 12 23*
330p Marttaes. Tra«y. Stockton. Lorfl... 10-20*
4 COr slartia«x.San lUmoa.VaIlejOi.5aoa,
Callatogs, s*a-.a II^«a S-70*
4 Cdr 5Uea. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl 4.20'
4-201" Hay ward. Kites, lrrtattoa. Saal *».50»
Jo*e. LfTermore l :it.5O*
6 COr Toe Owi LiaiKd— Sivata. Los
Banoa. MraUoia, Fre«no. TaUra.
BakersSeld. Loa Angslea.
Ootden State Ltaatied sle«7er.
Oakland to Loa Angele*. for CU-
cago. t!s C. IL I. Jt P.... «59«
54J0F Port Cosu. Tracy. StocKtoa ....... 12 20'
•5 20r Hsyvsrd. !fi:ss aad Saa Joto ... M ? 23*
B.CCr Hsywsrt. Nlleaaad S?n Joa*. 3.jO»
5 CO Eajtera Eipr»»«— OcVi- D-a»*r.
Omaha. St. Loa!*. «.alea«ta aad
E*»l. Port Coau. Benlcla. s>ul-
soa. Elm Ira. Darts. Sacramestav
Rockltn. Ankara, Colfsz.
Trnckee, Boca. Rsao. Wa4s>
wortX wiaaeaaces . ............ 3 23*
S.OOr Tsllejo. dally, except 3jsi*y.... I -. » «.
74Wp Tallejo. Saaday oa!y : '¦ 6OP
7 CCr klcbmond. Saa Pablo. Port Coats.
sfartlncx acd Way gtattoaa 11.20a
f XSp Oregon * California Ei?r*t»— Sae-
rsmeato. MsrysvlUe^ Reddtsg.
PorCand.Paset donad and Eaat. S.50.
t.187 Ea» wart. HtUt* and Saa Jo«e (Saa-
dayoaly) . 115a>
COAST LINE (Ssrr«- Uaagsj.
(Fuot itf Martet Street.)
8.16* Kevark. CenterrUle. San Joaa,
Fcltoa. BooJaar Cre-n. Saats
Cras and Way Stations 5-55»
12-151" Vewark. CencertUIe. Saa Josa.
Kew Alsisden.Lo« Gsto*.y«:wa,
Bonider Cr*ek, Santa Crus aad
Pr!ac!;»IWij»u;lo«» ...MO 53.
4.18> 5rwark.aaaJoae. LosGaUjaaad I
/ way itatloa*.... > rlOiSa
¦S-SQy Bnaters Train. Sstarlay only. Saa
Jos« sad Way Stations. Retnrsr
Ing tmm Lo« Gacos ftnn^ay only !7 29f
.OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
rrosa SAN FKANCISCO. foul uf Uarkst as. S;l?<.
-r.:li a:uo 11:uj».m. ICO 3 CO 5 1 5 r. »
from OAKLAND. Kuot of Browlway — r«:Ut ts:M
U:K 10:O>a.m. 12 CO 2 00 4 CO r.a.
COAST LINE iUroad faSBSt).
fcy~tTn:rd aaa f^wmeni 3:reeta.>
•¦10a San Joa« asd Way Sutions. t$f>
700a Saa Joa« aad Way Station*. S 39r
• CO* New Alniades fTnea, Fr! 1.. •*n:y X. 4.1 Of
k CO* Tb^Coaiter — Stops only Sao Joes,
GSrey (conaecttoa for Boi::*>
(er>. Psjsro. CmuotIIIs (eoa-
aectloa to aad from Uoetere?
sad Pselae Grove). S*:r3»#. Ssa
ArJo. Paso Roblea. Santa M*j-
gartia. San Lois Obtspow principal
stations caenca Sarf {coanectloa
for Lccpoc). pr^acipa! statloas
Utence 3aata Bart>ars.Saa Bataa-
Tentnrs, Saojraa. Los Aaretes... 1J-45*
8. CO* Saa Jose. Trea Pinos. Capitols.
tastsCru.P«c!Sc Grors.Sai!asa.
Saa Ln!s Oblspo aad Prlaclpsi
Way Station. 4-1O
10-30* aaa Joe* and Way Stations. 1.23'
11 -Ma Santa Clara. 6aa Jo*«. Loa Gates
and Way Station* 7-30p
1-IOt Saa Joae sad Way Stations • M»
•¦(Or Del Mont« Express— Santa Csrs.
Ssa Joae. Del Maats. Monterey.
Pselae OrT»e (connects st Saau
Clara for Panta Cms. Boaldar
Cre«k aad 5 arrow Gauge Potato
st Ollroy fw Holllster. Tres
P1ao<- at C*»tr-<T'.::» for daUasa. 12-1S»
S-SOt Tr»s Plao» Wa» Ps**eager 10 Ma
4 ZGr Ban Jose and Way Sutloas... ?3 33*
tSOOr Baa Jest. <*".* tuau Can) Lo* *-•
bales, asd Pr.ncp*! Way Sta-
Uona (except Saadar> ... -9 CU»
,6-3Cr BaaJeseaadrr!ac2pa!WayStaUons 13.40*
tXCr Basset Limited.— Krdword. Saa
Joae. G tlroy.SaUnaa. Paao Roblea.
Eta Lnu o^itpo. Ssnta Bart>ara>
Loa Asgelca. Demtnv. Kl Pawx
K*« Orleans. New York. Co»
itcu at Pajaro for Sasta Crcs
sad at Castro-Tin* (or Pael&o
Grvre and Way Statlooa. ....... 7-18*
tS-i&r SasMaleo.Bcrea7arl.Beimont.Saa
Carlos. Kedvood. Fair Oaks.
Mea!oP*rt. Pa'.o A'.tJ _ ill.
8 SJr 8sn Jooe aad Way Suuoas. 8.34a
iOOr PsJo Alto and Way Surton* „ 10.15*
11. Uf soaia San Francisco. Mftlbrae. Bar-
~ . • V. i|tce. Saa Vatca Belsxont.
; : ' Saa Carkw. Redwood. Fttr OtLca,
« Memo Park, and Pai»Alto...._ 8-45»
«11Jgr UAjttli, Mouauia View. 3onny-
fale, La wreace. Saau Clara and
gaajosci a^s>
Afar Momtsg. T tat Aftemoea.
t S naday sxecsted. f i u c da/ only
« SatsrdAy «*Uy.
IStOfW st an ttattoa* oa Sanday.
tVOsOy tvatea sioppttg at Taiescis St. soajtatt«ar<«
•r««:WAJU.T:O0Aji, n-.JD*.s.3:JU»r_»:30r^.A*.f
ttmtM
H~~ TOSANRAFAEL,
ROSS VALLEY,
HEL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc*
Via SansaiUo 7srr«.
" Sabortea Service. Standard Uauga i^cctnc— >
Depart from Saa Prasdjco Dally 7:mx S:w.
ft:0v, 10:00, 11 :W) a. m.. U:20. 1:45. SAX *-l\
*FROM SAN RATAXI. TO SAN FRANCISCO
— Dmlly? ft:23. «:33. 7:4O. 8:33. 9:33. 11:05 a.
m!r 12:=©! 1^45. $:SS. »:*3. 4:45. »:?*. «:*».
•'from^miliT'vallbt to i« nu*
T:CS - 9:0aX °T^>L^HTRAlX3.
S-0O a. m. dally— Caxadero and way stMlooa.
5:15 p. m. week dajrs 4S4tto?lay eivt «d>—
Tooutes aad war stations. •
3:13 p. m. Satnrdajrs — Cazadexo aad way
atatloss.
Sunday* ocly— 10 a. tau. Potst Bar** aad
W/aT StStlOCSL
ticktt orno-o Mlrtt *^-^^
¦JTRRT— Union Depot, foot of Varks« ML .
Insist upon the genuine. Sold by lead-
In? drug-jdst*. S^nd 10c in stamps for
uample to The Herpicide Co., Detroit,
J. D. Israel. Norton, Wash., says:
•'Herpicide has completly cured rny dar>
draft."
Ch^rlei" Brown. President First Xa-
t5onsj Bank. Vancouver. Wash., saysr
"Herpfcide is noted for keeping the scalp
< l»-;in." HH3B
A. E- LAr.ier. Denver, says: "Herpicide
has made my hair prow rapidly."
Mrs. A. Gurrin. Great Falls. Mont,
says:. "I find Iferplcide an excellent dan-
druff rare."
II. Greenland. Portland, Ore,, says:
"Newbro's Herpicide stopped* my hair's
f«ntr.B out-"
Testify to the E2cacy of the Kew Sciea-
*i*n SaadxTtir Treatment.
PE0MI5E5T PEOPLE
NEW ADVEETISZMEirra.
ar# VS
CALIFORNIA I
LIMITED TO CHICACO I
LEAVES DAILY i
at !I:3O a. m., throug-h la 3 days, ¦
with dlaez and all trzsnlsjrs. U
IHisW/llli INWiilnUlliI |n i- -gUBFSrwjprc ti ,f]
Other Santa F« Trains:
1:52 ?• EH tcr Stoektoa. Fresno. Bakersfl«M
8:00 u Si/ Merc«d. Hanford aad Vlsalla.
«:00 p. m. for SCccktoa.
8:00 pt m. for Kansas City, Graad Canyoa aad
Chlcaro.
TICKET OrriCES — 641 SCaxkat St. aa4
r«rry Depot. S. T. Also 11X2 Broad-
way. Oakland. Cai. 87 South Tim St.
San Jos*.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
UM FfiAKClSLU ANj HUHTH FACIrii
X&AZZ.WAT coaiPAirr.
Tfburoa Perry. Toot oX Maxkat Street.
SAX TUA2TCISCO TO SAS BAPAXL.
WEEK UAi'a — ;:3<l S»:wJt ll:0Ua. m.; Vi^ii
3:30. 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursday*— Extra uiB
at 11:30 p. ta.
Saturdars— Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 o. n».
SUNDAYS— 8:0u. »:iO. U:C0 a. m.; l:30i
S^Ol 5:0O. C:2O. 11:30 p. tn.
SAST BA1-AEL TO SAW PSASCXSCO.
WEEK l>A*i>-€:05. 7:33, 7:30. »:29. 11:13
a. ci.; VIM. 3:40. S:OQ. 3:20 p. m.
Eatardays — Extra trtp at 2:05 aad 6:33 p. ta.
SUNDAYS— 9:00. 9:40. 11:13 a, m.; 1:«l
S:<0. 4:53. 5:00. 6:25 p. m.
I L*» T « T 7 la Efftct j ' Arrtr*
SanFraBeUeo.^ Stpt. 27. 190X [Saa Fraoelsco.
Week I San- I De^tlsa- I Son- i W«i
Days. I days, { tion. j days. | Dsys.
7:30 a| 8:00 at »:I0a S:4Oa
I 8:30 a] Ixsacto* lO:4OalO:2Oa
3:30Pl*:»W «:C3 p 6:» a
o:10pT 5^)0 pt 7^3 p]
•*<>¦ r ; 3:10a! 8:40 a
S:COa Norsto. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p t:3Oa Pctahtaa 6:05 p t:Z9 o
i:10p S:3Op aad 7:33 p
5:00 p -Santa Rosa,
7:30 a '¦ 10:40 a 10:20*
8:00 a Fulton: 7:35 p «:20 p
»-SOp 3:30 p
Windsor,
7:80 a 8:00 a Healds&urs. 10:40 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
S:30p 3:30 p G*ys*rril!«. T:33p *:21» p
Clorerdals.
• :30 a 8:00 a Hopland 10:40 s 10:20 »
3:30 p 3:30p and CkUa. 7:33 p 6:20 p
7:30 a! 3:C0 at WHUts. |7^3p{«:^>P
7:30 a{ 8:00 at |10:4O ailO:2O a
S:3O-p{ S:3»>o( GQeravrnie. | 7:33 pj «:23p
7:30a( 8:00a| Sonoma. I 9:10 aj 9:40a
5:10 pf 5:0O p| GI«n EUex | 8:03 pf 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00a| (10:40 a|10:20 a
»:3Op| 3:30 p< SebastopoL t":35pl8:20p
STAGES ccnn«ct at Or«eti Tin* for Saa
Quentln: at Santa Rosa, for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altraria and Mark West
Spring*; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Qey.
•entile for Sjcskxs Springs: at Cloverdal* for
tht G«ys«rs, Boocertlle- and Orcenwoad- at
Hcpland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs.
Keiseyvillr. Carlsbad Springs, ted a Bay Laks-
port and Bart2ett Springs: at Uktab for Vichy
Springs. SartU£> Sprint*. • Dia* LaJcca. L«ur»!
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Porno.
Potter Vsiley. John Day'». Riverside. Llerly's
BucknelU Sanliedrtn' Heights. Hoilrttle. Orr**
Hot Springs. Halfway Hcus*. Conjptca-. Cams
Sttvens. Hopkins. Ucadodno City. Fort Bragg.
W«stport, U»al: at wants for Fort Bragg
Vt'estpcrt. Sherwood. Cabta. Core!*. L* 7 u>r»-
vllla. . Comznings. Beirs Spriogs. Harris. . oi.
««n - s. Dyer. Garbervllle. Pcppcrvood. Acotla
asd Eureka. .-... _ ...
Saturday to Sazday rousd-trip tlckttj at rs*
Cueed rates. .
On Sunday rottnd-trto Ueksts ta all potats
beyond Sao Rafael at' halt rates.
Ticket offices, 63O Market street. Cbraalcl*
tmltdlng.
H. C. WUIT1XG. " R. X. RTAK.
Cca. ilanas#r. * Gea. Pass.. Art
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
.• Laa«« ". Bs Switin htrj I Arnr« ."*
as»Fraadscs> *¦* af garast a San FraaAcaj
Dsys. | <lsr» d«n Pars.
•)|«A*8:00a j^M^ 12iOapfOU^i
•1:«8r 9:00a I@^S» l:23p J:50r
blSf 10:00a \fo»Sar >:*0r 5:50*
G ll:OO.v Sgr «l5«r Ma,
. «a— fsia^tia- T s^s»«tniwts| ;
'tlCHt 1 836 Majucstt ST^Nortb Shore EaflrasdT i
MfSCB | and SjtutAixro Fxxxr. Foot Maxkat 9c |
neapolis, tells how any young
woman may be permanently
cured of monthly pains by tak-
ing Lydia E Pinkham T s Vege-
table Compound.
"Yocso Wostes: — I had freqnent
headaches of a severe nature, dark
spots before my eyes, and at my men- N
Btrcal periods I suffered tin told agony.
A member of the lod^e advised me to
try Lydia | E. Pinkham's Vege-
table Compound, but I only scorned
good advice and felt that my case was
hopeless, but she kept at me until I
boug-ht a bottle and started taking
it. I soon had the' best rea«m in the
world to change my opinion of the
medicine, a^ each day my. health im-
prored, and finally I was entirely with-;
out pain at my menstruation periods.
1 am most grateful."— Xetteb Blactc-
mose, 23 Central Arc., Minneapolis,
Minn. — fSOOO forfeit If original of abon lettsr
pnelng genuir.er.ctt eanmt be produced.
If there Is anything about your
case about -which you \rould
ILke special advice, yrrite freely
to Mrs. Pinkham. She will hold
your letter ¦ in : strict confidence.
She can surely help you, foivoo
person in America can speak
from a wider experience in treat-
ing female ills.- She has helped
hundreds of thousands of women
back to health. Her address : is :
Lynn, Mass.; her advice is free.
ADVEBTISEME2ITS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BAILWAT TRAVEL.
BuSeJ I wS^yf YO or fw fiJVVT • m wwwirm
J9 For Infants and Children.
SlSliltfp' 18 Kind You Have
j^s^^^ffli Always Bought
ASegetable PreparaUonforAs- m M
similatingtlieFoodandBe^uIa- || M
ling the StossacteandBewelsof 'M B63XS th.6 a i
TromotosDigeslioiLCheerfuI- M ° £ UIM
ness and Rest.Contains neither 3jj iL R *V
Op:u.-n. Morphine nor>fii\cral. ¦% 01 BY^WJ
>'OT NAH G OTIC . '.i Bl 1\ -- WJ
JhetjpeefGUO'SiKniFnQZR 1^ - \#\^ '
flcx^u Sect- . Ci If 9
%££&&+ I I f\ lA^ ¦"
/ 1 /fo J flop
Aperfecl Remedy forConstipa- 'S I \| \Y UOO j
Tion. Sour Stotnach. Diarrhoea I \&T
\ IVorms .Convulsions .Feverish- a I UT I"j%m Aha*
uncss and Loss of Sleep, m |* 0 1 U V U I
Far Simile SiCnahire cf l M
L-.»3!!l7! o^iaiiiLaj'l «"l"y "3»S
TWI CCNTAUR COMHMT. NCW TORR Cl I V.
iVE^qaaJ^BsEBWfiia^^BiSMHaBSS^iikjwrVL'.^:;?^.-?^/^
i
y^^HTni, n*^^y My ex'-< i :>nt w-rk j
M ¦ "' ' *. ' s attracting farcr-
7" - \ able attention alt "
"4 orer tite coast. S*nd
JB me a trial orter;
ff. If you'll like It. also.
*f% 3Iy rrtces are worth
f^Ex^^^SS^ rrirsMcnr*; hers ar-f
a few fismres:
DEVEXOPING.
Roll of six lOc
Roll of twelv- in«
PRINTING.
Solbt finish 3*" to 5c
Velox finish .». 3c to Ge
Daylight Loading Films, la all
popular «ires. at ' rny usual low
prices. Ord*r by mail If yoa're out
of town.
THAT iMAN PITTS
F. W. PITTS. The Stationer.
NX» MARKET STREET, abov*
Powell St.,
San Francisco.
I Miss Nettie Blackmore. Min. "THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 22, 1904.
12
FLATS TO LET FURSISHED.
WASHINGTON. 2S33. near Alta Plaza— Beau-
tilully furnished sunny Hat of 7 room3.
SUNNY flat of 4 rooms and bath; new: rea-
sonable. l."?25 Guerrero: phone Church S-IHR.
FLATS FOR SALE FIR5ISHED.
NICELY furnh»n»J U-room flat; beat of furni-
ture; room* a!! rented: must be Slid im-
mediately; no reasonable otter refused. 722
Eddy »t. _^ .
FURNISHED flat of » rooms for sale reason-
able In North Beach district: furniture all
nearly new! and in first-class condition. Box
2P&T Call office.
FOR sale— Newly furnished modern flat of H
rooms; parties must go East and will s»ll for
$350. Apply 374 Shot well St.
NEWLY furnished flat of 7 rooms: rent $H3:
must be sold at once; & snap at $17.". 1012
Golden Gate ave.
NEW furniture of a modern, sunny fiat. S
rooms and bath, completely furnished. 3270
Twentieth »t., near Folsom.
VAN NESS" ave.. 8OT— For sale, cheap, furni-
ture In 7-room flat: several rooms rented-
Hours. 10 Co 3 Sat. and Sun., after 3 wk. daya.
ELEGANT furnished flat for sale cheap; on
account of rickness. Apply 136 Eddy st.
FLAT of 5 rooms fcr sale, cheap. 4S4 V».
lencla. gt. r
FLATS WANTED.
WANTED — A .furnished house or flat, with
three or four bedrooms and servants' room
from August 12 to September 12. Box 42al.
Call office.
FUnXITtRE FOR SALE.
CHEAPEST place to buy furniture, stovea and
household goods of every description; fiats
bought. Mission Auc.House,429-439 Valencia.
FI'RNITT'RE of a four-room cottage- for sale.
$S5; complete for housekeeping. Addresa
box -4303. Call office. ,
SOLID oak furniture cheap;. 3 rooms. 4 Bond
St.. near Twelfth and Mission.
FIR.MTURB WANTED.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4463.
buyt. rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
HIGHEST prices for furniture and mdse. L. H.
BURP, auctloneer.1818 Mkt. ;tel. Howard 2756.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
COOK, small sanitarium $10
3 cook*, little waahing $3O-$.15
Cook and second girl, same' house, coun-
try .- $25-$ «S
4 second girls, city $2«-«25
Parlor maid *2*
Cook, ranch, take woman with a child — $-5
5 waitresses, city and country $2O-$23-$'.O
Maid and seamstress, city $-3
Infant nurse, city $35
Chambermaid and waiting, country. .$22 CO
2 laundresses, city and Menlo Park $3.0
Institution laundress $25
Chambermaid for hospital, vsry nlc« place.$25
Girl for housework for New Mexico $-'U)
Man and wife for hotel. New Mexico.
18 girls for housework in country, surround-
ing towns $25-$30
49 girls for housework in city $_.v$.:u
See J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter st.
A LAUNDRESS. $30; 2 cookj, $35; 4 second
girls. $25; second girl. Napa. $25, see party
here; a maid by the 1st of April, $30: cook.
Palo Alto. $30. see party .here; 6 house girls.
$30; ranch cook. $25. Mrs. Norton, 313 Sutter.
A — WANTED — Girls to learn haJrdressmg.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
In 2 weeks: $A to thos? entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill Immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leading school la
West. 233 Geary St.. room 11
A — Girls to learn millinery now for spring sea-
son; both seasons taught from start to finish
In 1 month for $15: positions as trimmers,
salesladies, etc.. guaranteed at $10 per wit up;
day and evening class. 113 Stockton st., r. 13.
A — LADIES to learn all branches hairdresstn;
trade, manicuring, massage, etc. 1236 Mar-
ket st., cor. Jones, room S>4; positions secured
at highest wages 1 ; day and eve. class; call.
WOMEN and girl* wanted. Apply immedlata*
ly, California Canneries Co., Brannaa su,
between Third and Fourth. •
LADIES wanted everywhere, copying leter» at
home, evenings or spare time and return '9
us; no mailing or canvassing; $*> weekly
earned: materials free. Enclose self -ad-
dressed envelope for particulars. Guarantee
Co.. No. S4. Ninth St.. Philadelphia. Pa.
WANTED — Young lady who is axr.txrerience-l
stenographer and who Is familiar with the
Smith Premier Typewriter. Apply between
9 and 11 a. m.. HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Experienced aalesladlea. millinery
department. Apply at once to JI1»« M.
Ryan. KAHN BROS.. Tweltlb and Wash-
ington ets., Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS waitress, assist in chamber
work; also respectable young girl for light
work. Elsmere Hotel. 419 Sutter st.
EXPERIENCED saleslady for millinery d«^
part merit wanted. Apply superintendent's
office. The Emporium.
WANTED-^- Working housekeeper ; widower. 1
-. children; wages $15. 5 Telegraph ave.. Oak-
land.
WANTED — A neat young girl for second work
and waiting; American family. Apply 500
Van Ness a*».
WANTED — A competent girl for cooking; an4
downstairs work; good wages. Call 3601
Clay at.
COAT flntshCTs wanted: none but flr»t-cla»»
hands need apply. 8. N. WOOD it CO.. 2T
Geary at. ¦
COAT operators wanted to maka •lee-vei and
linings. 8. N. WOOD A CO.. 27 Geary st.
WANTED — Experienced operators on shirt-
waists; steady work; good pay. 1545 Mission.
GIRL wanted — General housework; sleep hotn«;
2 In family; flat. 403 Gough at. -"_'¦
GIRL to do second work and assist with chil-
dren. 718 Stelntr st.
YOVNO lady for light office work. Call at 478
Valencia st., with references.
YOUNG lady to pack candy. MASKXY'S. 32
Kearny st.
FIRST-CLASS maker* and apprentices wanted
In millinery store at 692 McAllister st,
GIRL wanted for office work. 323 Clay at. ¦
WANTED — Girl to take cash and wait at
table; restaurant. 1IM First at.
COMPETENT »lrl; cooking and housework;
good wages; call 9 to 1. 3325 Clay st.
A TOUNG German girl for housework; assist
in delicacy store. 7C9 Larktn st.
GIRL for general housework and cooking. A9-
ply 1638 Buchanan st.. bet. 9 and 12.
GIRL, general housework small family. 4200
California St.; Eddy-st. cars, cor. 4th ave.
YOUNG girl wanted to assist In light hous«-
work; good home. 221 Bartlett st.
TALENTED amateur serformers. Apply at
Chutea 6 p. m. "Wednesday: salary no object.
WANTED— Refined, middle-aged lady, no In-
cumbrance; companion to lady; small warr*
and good home; references. Address box
1075. Call office. Oakland.
WOMAN to train for position with local firm:
no traveling. Box 4552. Call office.
WANTED — First-class waist and coat helpers.
. J. BAER. 12C0 Geary st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church at3.
• HELP WAXTED MALE.
A^PA^F^C^ElilPL^TM^N'r^AGEN^fY!
. . ¦ - 326 — Montgomery st. — 52K
Phone Main 119>. UPSTAIRS.
NEVADA. BOSS IS HERE. TO-DAY.
Government Work — S Hours — NEVADA.
20 teamsters, $2 25; 10 laborers. $2; 10 rock-
men. $2 25; blacksmith, same ramp $3 day.
BOSS- IS. HERE TO-DAY.
* SPECIAL CHEAP FARE TO-DAY.
Pantryman, country hotel. $T5O and found:
aU» bellboy, same hotel. $'M and found, both
free fare; gardener, private place, party hcr«
10 a. m. to-day.
MEN can go to Alaska^ get a timber homestea 1
and an Interest In the enterprise: guod wages
and permanent position; thia is the working-
man's opportunity: we pay 6 per cent an.i a
dividend on all money Invested. Address Tha
Alaska Mutual Fisheries and Industrial Co..
A. C. Jennings. Sec., room A. Time* building,
Seattle. Wash. ;-^|g3
.WANTED— Those who served In the V. 9. Vol-
unteers In the war with Spain and the Phillp-
•¦ pins rebellion to apply for two months' extra
pay. which U now due. Ft>r particulars, call
or address F. B. WILSON. 4i« Parrott bids..
San Francisco: open r.cm 0 a. in. to 'J p. m.
.A MAN of indomitable energy and push, a good
talker, eager to make monev F. PERdO* 1 !,
477 and 47$ Parrott buildln*.
L A I n X O Y A XT g—Co ' " ** »"^
CLEAR VISION.
ATTRACTED BY AN INVIITED FIELD —
THE SEMI-TROPICAL WONDERS OF THE
GOLDEN WEST AXD THE MATCHLESS
CLIMATE OF CALIFORNIA— PROF. LIVING-
STONE. THE GREAT MYSTIC, CLEAR
VISION. AND WONDERFUL EXPONENT
OF OCCULTISM. HAS COME TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO TO RESIDE. TO WORK AND TO DO
GOOD. PERMANENTLY LOCATED AT 42S
EDDY ST. READINGS $1 AND $2; NO
MORE, NO LESS.
It. 1« your duty to consult this gifted man.
Ho can unravel the most complicated skein of
difficulties.- relieve your mind and insure you
quick results, permanent happiness. Would
, it not be a ivlief to know how you will suc-
cec-fl. to be relieved of matters that are
troubling- you. and of the schemes of your
enemies? .
It is not necessary that he should acquaint
you In print of all the ills one Is helrlto and,
further, he decs not wish you ,to tell him one
word. He claims to be able, and positively re-
fuses to accept one penny unless you are per-
fectly satisfied and, further, ho never slights
any one in hjs work; all are the same to him.
and he believes such is the verdict of all who
consult him. Three separate reception parlors.
Hours, 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
MME. LOVONIA clairvoyant, palmist— Read-
ings this week 25c. 468 Jessie St., nr. Sixth.
MME. MARSEAU. card reader: ladles. 25c;
gents. EOc; hours 1 to 9. 120 6th st.. room 15.
THEO, clairvoyant card reader; ladles 50c,
gents $1: hours 11 to 9. Room 16. 763 Mkt.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la. 25c.
gents 50c. 9.*U Mission st., nr. 6th; open Sun.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader, re-
moved from 132 to 2.1 '^ 6th; 1. 25c. g. 50c.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city.
2014 Kearny. room 20; ladles, 25c; gents, 60c.
MRS. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune-
teller.-lfl now at 317 Ellis St..
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader: slt-
tlngs dally. 448*;, Jessie St.. bet. Sth and 6th.
CBEPIT C^OTBIEBS.
C. K. ADAMS CO.
SPECIAL CREDIT STORE.
We 'clothe the whole family from hats to
shoes; everything up to date at cash prices.
Credit for all. 318 Mason st. .
OI.OTHINO BEKOYATINQ.
SUITS cleaned and pressed, $1; scouring and
dyeing. Bon Marche,- 40 Ellis St., room 14;
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
_ CURES E.UPTT7EE.
WHO?— Hunter, 1206 Market St.; $100; rupture
cure for $10; circular explains; send for one.
DEITTISTS.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over .like new; -teeth
frcm $8 per bet; extracting 50c; gas given.
A N"EW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs; crown. $3 50; fillings. 50c;
.plates. $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-denhst.r.l4,lst
floor. Phclan bid.. 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
DR. H. G. YOUNG— Bridges and teeth wlth-
out plates specialty. 1841 Polk st.
GOLD filling!* 75c: silver,' 35c: crowns. $2: no
pain; open Sundays. Dr.O.B.Hewitt.204 Sutter.
PARIS Dental Parlcrs. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set teeth. $1 50 up; crowns, $2 up; fllllngs,<'25c.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
Acccrdion. sunburst and knlfe-plaltlng; double
stamps on dress linings. Stewart's button and
buttonhole- factory, 110 Taylor; tel. Folsom 2121.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt.
EDVCATIONAI^.
AT home In our new quarters, the largest, best,
lighted and most delightful place of business
" study In the entire West. New, complete,
extensive departments. Thorough, Inspiring
Instruction. 75-page catalogue on. request.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE. 801-
025 Golden Gate ave. ¦ -
AYRES. the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket et. ; established 18 years; the school that
secures positions for graduates; just added 25
new typewriters; catalogue free.
HEALITSBUSINESS COLLEGE^ 24 POST. S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches; day
and night sessions ;JUustra<ted catalogue free.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, law and medical colleges;
rgf. President Jordan or any Stanford proi'es-
Bor; day and evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
A LARGER and better school than ever; enter
at once if you desire a good posltton; Gregg
shorthand. Ellis bookkeeping. S. F. Business
College. 1236 Market st.
ENGINEERING— Civil, eled min., mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, ev.; est. 1864. Van
der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
SOCIAL dances Wed.. Thurs.. Sat. and Sun.;
classes Motidays. Fridays. Louise Foster's
School cf Dancing, 1636 Market, nr. ' Larkln.
ATTEND Gallagher-Marsh Business College on
¦ advice of official court reporters and be com-
petent stenographers. 1382 Market; catalog.
WESTERN Business College;Odd Fellows' bid.;
bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing, arith..
spelling, wrltlrut, etc.: day eve.; $4 mo. eve.
HEALD'S School of MlnesAElectriclty, 24 Post
St., S. F. ; a. practical school of engineering;
• complete equipment. Special catalogue frae.
HINMAN'S Academy, a thorough school of
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk st.,
bet. Pine and California: classes now open.
SPANISH — A practical ano*" progressive meth-
od. RAFAEL SF.KRANO. MO California. r.4.
BANJO, mandolin and guitar thoroughly
taught: orchestra practice. 4C2 Geary st. .-
KENT Law School; . aj ways open; conducted
by practicing lawyer. 530 Parrott building.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano, $3 per mo%.;
mandolin club $1 per mo. 82S Haight st. .
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day "and
PARTINQTON'S, 424 Pjne St.— Night clas*.
PIANO lessons, 25c. half hour. MRS. PECK
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Slxlh.
SPANISH, French.etc. Prof.DeFillppe'sAcademy
of language. 320 Post:estab'ulS~l:ablegt profn.
EMPLOYMEXT OFFICES. .
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Poet st. ; tel. Bush"l33^
Japanese-Chinese employment office; .fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help, etc
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chlnese help. 426 Powell st. Tel. Main. 5752.
SCANDINAVIAN Female Employment Bureau,
604 Kearny st.. room 3; phone Black 4458.
CHINESE Employment Office — Beat help at
Leon Seung's. 411% O'Farrell: tel.'East 42fl.
FRITZ'S Erap. Office; Japanese and Chinese
help. ¦ 415 Stockton St.- Tel. Grant 168.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 6188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
GERMAN second' girl, I 2 years'- reference*,
wishes situation. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
334 Sutter -Bt. v
SCANDINAVIAN cook, first class, wishes situ,
"atlon In city or country. J. F. .CROSETT &
CO.. 334 Sutter st. ... • ¦ .. .
POSITION wanted by trained nurse In doctor's
office; test of credentials; 10 years' - experi-
ence. Box 4006, Call office.
DRESSMAKER and designer, cutter and fitter;
street suits made In private families; few
niore engagements per day; work done' at
home. E. C.- BARSS, Sherman House. *aj Sth.
A STRONG young woman. would like to go out
by 'the day; is a good washer and Ironer or
will do house-cleaning. . Please call ' 720B
Clementina Ht.. between Sth and 9th. .
A STEADY.' competent person . wishes ' position
1 to do general housework in small family; un-
derstands her i business; wages .to $25.
¦2045 Enclnal ave.; Alameda. : Cal. :'.. '.';
COMPETENT, reliable, good woman, work by
the day. washing or house-cleaning, $1 50 a
day. Please call at'58 -Valley'st.. 'between
San Jose-nvc. and '. Dolores ' at. • •¦.-.-;
DRESSMAKER\"and" assistant'- wish engage-
t; nients' by : the day: 'remodeling a specialty
Address postal 507 Post st. ¦:;.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants a situation, city
country" good cook; willing and obliging
Roomi22.-143 Third st.
WANTED-i-A' place as maid; no objection- to
-' . travel : best of references.. Box .' 4008, Call.' •
NEAT German girl wishes situation < as second
'•work In country; wages $25. ;; Box 4251," Call. •
YOUNG girl wishes place for. hdusework;
wages $25. ' Call at 1011A Minna st.,' off 11th.
nUSIXESS CHAXCES—-Continned. _
A- $1500— CORNER . cigar stand on Kearny:
lent $S5; lease; a good business; come and
investigate. R. G. WILKE. SCVJ Kearny st.
Al BLOCK of land, 300x300. In San l»«andro
with house or 4 rooms; Income $*00 per
year trom fruit; will exc-hanse for dairy
ranch. Call R. G. WILKE. 2«Hi Kearny st.
J *_|;2O 1 .0_£*ALOOX in wholesale district; rent
$i;(i; ulace established many years and good
paying. Caii K. G. W1LKE. •.'li*^ Kearny st.
A — $|inx> — COIINER grocery and bar on Larkln
St.. doing n fine cash business; value In
«'ght; fresh stock; no better location in this
city. See R. G. WILKE. 2t»VJ Kearny st.
A— $2000 — COFFEE saloon and restaurant on
waterfront, close to Market St.; place estab-
Ii«hed years and well paying: daily receipts
about "fUO. Call R. G. W1L.KE. 2U*^ Kearny.
A — S11C0 — SALOON, with 3 rooms; close to
Kearny and Bwsh sts; rent $75; lease; place
easily' clears f*-*00 per month: nice fixtures,
choicest stock of liquors. All particulars of
P.. G. WILKE. :.'C',& Kearny st.
A— $1100 — DELICATESSEN and dairy produce
(tore; rent $40; dully receipts- $45; plac*
clearing about $175 per month. It. U.
WILKE. 2B« > 6 Kearny gt. -' .
A— $1760 — CORNER grocery and bar on
- O'Farrell st.; place kept by present owners
S years and doing a good paying cash busi-
ness: fr?sh stock; value in sight. R. G.
WILKE. 26Va Kearny st. .
A— $C50— CORNER bakery. with 4 living
rooms'; about 2 blocks north of Market st. :
will be sacrificed If sold at once; owners to
leave city. Call R. G. WILKE. 26*4 Kearny.
A— $0000 — CORNER saloon with 6 years' lease;
close to Flood building; this is the choicest
location in this city and a first-class paying
business. See R. G. WILKK, 2U'j Kearny St.
A — $750 — CANDY store and Ice cream parlors,
with stationery, etc., on Devisadero st. ; 3
living rooms; a splendid location and good
business. See R. G. WILKE. 20>4 Kearny.
A— -$30C0: COAL, hay and grain yard; on Geary
St.; rent $40; lease; 8 horses, 0 wagons; busi-
ness estab. years; investigate at once; a rare
chance. Call K. G. WILKE, Z&V, Kearny st.
A — $1030; COK. Faloon with 4 rooms and bath;
rent $50; lease; a first-class paying place in
choicest location: $150 per month clear guar-
anteed. R. G. WILKE. ".'6*4 Kearny st.
A— $ll'O0: COFFEE saloon and bakery in
choicest location; rent- $80; daily receipts
about $70; a good business, but sickness of
owner compels him to retire. Particulars R.
G. WILKE. 2tj^ Kearny st. _,
A— $850; CORNER cigar stand, close to Mar-
ket and Stockton sts.; rent $75; a splendid
location and rare business chance. See R.
G. WILKE. 2S>4 K»arny st. _^
A BAKERY across the bay. with lot 60x100;
houee of 4 rooms, 2 stories; 2 horses, wagon,
etc.; price $3600; not all cash required: a
good business. Call on R. G. WILKE. 26!4
Kearny st.
» LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A. CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy st.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for rooming-houses, hotels and
all kinds of business chances.
108 rooms; cheap rent: new and elegantly
furnished; up-to-date rooming-house; has fine
bar; can be run In conjunction If desired: rare
chance for right partiee; part cash, balance
can be paid out of house; other business inter-
ests demand immediate departure.
126 rooms: rent only $4 per room; new and
up-to-date house; all men; electric elevator,
lights; long lease; clears $400 to $!>00 per
month-,^one of the best buys In the city.
19 rooms; rent only $100; well furnlehed; lit-
tle apartment house; reduced to $1100.
20 rooms; cheap rent; close In; thoroughly
respectable; all full; clears $100; part cash.
S6 rooms; corner; reijt only $500; best down-
town house In city: electric elevator; well fur-
nished; guaranteed to clear $400 to $500- per
month; books open for Inspection: everything
In first-class shape; on account other business.
30 rooms; rent only $150; oak and cherry
fur.; fine cprpets; close In; fine money-maker.
220 rooms; new and up-to-date > apartment-
houne: luxuriously furnished; 5-year contracts
for cheap lighting: grand new building; clear-
ing $100 to $600 per month; obliged to leave
city.
11 rooms; rent $40; close in: oak. cherry fur-
niture; Brussels carpets; clears $.55 over all
expenses; $400 cash, balance time; snap; $700.
46 rooms; rent only-$*55; well located hotel
nouth of Market; fine bar; well stocked; brick
building; electric lights: everything good con-
dition: part cash, balance time; price $2500;
will exchange this with good real estate for
large downtown house.
8-room upper flat; corner: all sunny rooms;
beautiful little gem of a home; price $750. .
¦ 126 rooms; fine downtown corner house; pri-
vate baths; beautiful furniture; 2 entrances;
takes In $30 to $40 per day transient, besides
regular roomers; will bear investigation. ¦
-21 rooms; corner: rent only $85: oak fur.:
good carpets; housekeeping; all full; clearing
$70 over all expenses; 4 rooms landlady;
price $1600.
50 rooms; new; modern apartment house: 10-
year lease; cheap rent; clearing $250 to $300;
very central ; fire t -class proposition.
71 rooms; elegant, new, modern building; In
one of the best cities In Southern California;
electric lights; hot and cold water; everything
up to date; 0-y*ear lease; rent only $200; clear-
Ing $250 to $300 per month; owner sick abed.
23. rooms; well furnished; first-class tran-
sient house; 2 blocks oft Market; 6-year lease;
clearing over $100; good buy for some. one.
31 rooms; rrrrtr $110; all light rooms; clear-
ing Over $100 per mo.; regular enap; only $800
to get In; must leave city at once; price $1300.
128 rooms; cheap rent; long lease; first-
class up-to-date downtown' hotel; well fur-
nished; clearing $500 to $600 per month; must
sell on account of other business; only with us.
9- room. new. modern flat; 4 months; elegant-
ly furnished; cost over $1800; a bargain; slck-
_nes*«. ¦
50 rooms; elegantly furnished; fine location:
close in; new and modern throughout: full and
clearing $250 to $350 per month; must be sold
to settle an estate: only face of mortgage now
.on It asked; chance of a lifetime.
90 rooms; part offices; elegant new building i
and furniture: high-class location; beautiful
halls: everything modern: first-claw grill In
connection; best proposition in city;- called
East.
24 rooms: rent $145: new and elegantly fur-
nished: oak and mahogany; fins proposition;
cood lease.
17 rooms; rent ohl- $70; oak furniture; Ax-
mineter carpets; fine location; clears $80; fine
buy.
8 rooms; fine upper flat: rent ' only. $30; can
be had by paying $150 down,- balance time;
*450.
28 rooms; oak fur.; velvet carpets ;~efos« in;
can be run as boarding-house If desired; $1800.
162 rooms; most. elegantly appointed apart-
ment house in San Francisco; beautiful, mod-
ern building; fine, entrance; cheap rent;. clear-
Ing $400 per month;- 5-year lease; part cash,
balance 8 per cent per. year.
18 rooms; rent $85; well furnished; air new;
$G0O down, balance 1% per cent; fine buy; only
11260. ¦ , ¦:-:- •
25 rooms; rent only $60; north; Market; • all
full; .clears $100 per month; price $1800; • will
exchange for. small chicken ranch. -. ...
100 rooms; . new; most, elegantly appointed
family hotel In city; all full and clearing. $400
to $600 per month; books open for inspection;
obliged to leave city.
7-room flat; : rent $40; oak furniture; good
carpets; sickness; price $350. '..---- >"
72 rooms; rent $400; elegant new building;
swell' family hotel;- beautiful furnishings:
clearing $600 per month; every room full; will
stand the strictest investigation; location un-
surpassed.
2 ROOMS ' nicely furnished . for housekeeping;
all complete - for party to take - possession
without any expense; -no children; good local-
ity; near town. Harry Doyle, , 1023 Market.
$1200 FOR 18 fine rooms; in good business lo-
, callty; rent $75. H. DOYLE. 1023 , Market.
22 ROOMS: $S00; -first-class place; "in down-
town center. HARRY DOYLE. 1023 Market.'
ROOMING-HOUSE, 14 rooms." downtown; best
¦ buy on market; owner; sick; . must . sell- : a.
snap; come quick. 832 California st.
CENTRALLY located corner house: 54 rooms:
nicely furnished: rent $225; long lease; must
be sold. WI LSON. 408 Taylor st. 5 . , . 4
FOR SALE — A lodging-house. 30 rooms;! new
and : well - appointed;" centrally located. ¦ Box
4001. Call office. ,:,.
FOR SALE— 23 'rooms; lodging-house; -clears
$S0 ever expenses;, low rent: investigate Box
2761. Call office.
THBj|fCyAij
J cr?:T I>. SFEECKEIE, Proprietor.
J. MARTIN' Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
Ask for TII^: CALL. The Curator W:U Con-
nect You AViili the Department You « isn.
ruKicV.'en Office Market ai:J Third. S. K.
Editorial f.ocm 2i7 to 221 Strvenson ft.
Delivered by Carriers. 20 Cts. Per Week. 75
Ct.«. Tcr McaiOl. Fingle Copies fi Cents J
Terirs by Mall. ,Inc!udii-.K Postage tCaah V\ itn
Order) :
DAILY CALL <inclu-1. Sunday*. 1 year^i-fS-OC
DAILY «"ALL< «in<-!u<l Sunday). « mof '«»
UAU/Y CALX«— BJf Single Month n "&
RCXDAT <\U.V 1 Year -™
WEEK LY CA LL 1 ?>ar • \ m
( l)ailv...$S.Srt !'er Year Extra
FOREIGN j s ur ,day. 4 it, Per Year Kxtra
POSTAGE. l_ Weekly. ICO Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMAPTFjIs ARE AUTHORIZED
TO .RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
EatEple Copies «O1 be forwarded when re-
quested.
Jia.il subscriber* in ordering change of ad-
enr-FS ehct:14 be particular to *!ve both .NE«
AND OLD ADDRESS In order to insure a
Trorr.pt and correct compliance with their re-
vm-
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1118 ErcatJway Telephone ilain 1053
BERKELEY OFFICE:
2148 Center Street Telephone North n
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
£A"MVEL V.. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Wa'ooi-f-ARtoria Hotel: A. Brentano, ol
Vr.-Gii Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-ave-
uue Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Fherman House: P. O. News Co.: Great
Northern Hotel; Trcmor.t House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATPV'E:
C GEORGE KROGNESS.-Marquette Building
\Long Distance Telephone.* Central 2618.")
NEW YORK "REPRESENTATIVE.
•STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YOKK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON ; .. Herald Square
Bl'FIVESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Ca'.l corner Market and Third street*; open
ur.-ii 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES: ,
IOC* Market etreet, opposite Fifth; open until
11 p. m. _
S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open
until 2*:3O p. m.
SQO Haje* Mreeu open until 9:30 p. m.
639 McAllister street: open until 9:30 p. m.
€15 Larkln street ; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 "Mission etreet; open until 10 p. m.
22»tl Market etreet, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh Etreet: open until 9 p. m.
jrrw Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Ncrtheant corner Church and Duncan streets;
cprn until 9 p. m.
Ncrthweft corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky street*: open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillmore gtreet; cpen until 9 p. m.
MEKTI.\G NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5. R. A. «
M wHI meet THIS m:ESDAY)'yVf
KVF.NING. March 22, at 7:30 o'clock. AV\
I'. M. ar.3 M. E. M. degrees. By or-
der of the H. P.
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
mSEXOX Chapter No. 79, R. A. M. — »
Special meeting THIS iTl'ESDAY) "V\f
EVENING. 7:30 o'clock. M. M. de-/V\
piee. By order of the H. P.
' JOHN R. HILLMAN. Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30, F. and •
A. M— Called meeting THIS ¦TTES'-'vVf
DAY) EVENING, at 7 o'clock. Second />r>
degree. By order of W. M.
EDWIN L. MEYER, Secretary.
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144, F. and A. m
M.— Second degree THIS (TUESDAY) VY
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. /V\
A. P. HL'BBARD, Secretary.
TEMPLAR Lodge No. 17, I. O. -**¦*¦**«,
0 F.— Initiation Till? «TrE=---fes|5£U-.
DAY' EVENING. ViFitlrs^SjSV^
brothers cordially invited.
J. R. MORRISON. R. S.
ANNUAL Meeting — Hutchinson Sugar Planta-
tion Company — The regular annual meeting of
the »tockholder» of the HUTCHINSON SUGAR
PLANTATION COMPANY will be held at
the ctfiee cf the company. No. 327 Market
•treet <room 4, second floor). In the city
• r<5 county of San Francisco. State of Call-
icrnia. on TUESDAY, the *KM day of March.
A. D.. 1004, at the hour of 11 o'clock a, m.,
Jcr the purpose of electing a Board of Di-
rector* to serve for the ensuing year, and
fcr the transaction of such other business
a* may properly come before the meeting.
Transfer books will close on FRIDAY.
March 11. 11304. at 3 o'clock p. m.
H. W. THOMAS.
Eecretary Hutchinson Sugar Plantation Com-
pany. 327 Market etreet. Ban Francisco,
Cal'.fcrnla.
f«n Francisco. Cal.. March S. 1904.
ANNUAL, meeting— The annual meeting of the
•tockhotders of the WESTERN S'JGAR
REFINING COMPANY will be held
at - the office of * the company. No.
S27 Market et.. San Francisco, California,
on MOXDAT. the £J«th day of March. 19O4, at
the hour of 12 m.. for the purpose of elect-
ing * beard of director* to serve for the
er.su.ng year, and the transaction of such
ether bufiness a* may come before the meet-
Ing. Transfer books will close on Friday,
March 18. 1904. at 12 m. W. H. HANNAM.
Secretary
CHEAPEST and best in America — The Weekly
Ceil. 16 rapes, rent to any address In the
United State* r>r Canada one year for >1.
AGE\TS_ WAKTED._
AGENTS— An agency for a proposition that Is
m. decided Improvement on building and loan
t* worth having. Great Western Improve-
ment Company. Parrott building.
AGENTS— An agency for a proposition that is
a decide; improvement on building and loan
it ivorth having. Great Western Improve-
mert Company, ParrcU building.
AGENCIES for every city of the Union for the
•MKrquls Hair Tonic Co.; liberal terms. 414
Pon rt.. San Francisco. Cal.
ADVEBTISEatE'trT VTBXTtSO^
HAVING recently acquired through exchange
cf property three $4« -K-holarships In the best
College of Advertifinc in the United States.
1 will *»\l t»<em at 25 per cent discount. ioT
c-n'h: the collee-e teaches advertising writ-
ir? by rorrefpondence and suseirts its-grad-
*a*t«-»i to •"cure position*; catalosu»s fur-
r.hYf* on app»c:>ti«-n. Aridrrg» box 3026. Call.
ATTORyEVS.AT.LAW.
8 PRIVATE, quick divorce for a email fee.
f~e* r.t- and rave money: no pay In advance.
O. W. HOWE, ATTOItNEY-AT-LAW.
Et*«M:»=h»d 22 yr*.: nrs. 1. 2. 3. 4 & 5. 1st fl.
IKS Market t?t., between Mason and Taylor.
Advk-fr rree all matters. Detectives employed.
R; W. KING. Attorney-at-Law. Exam. bldg..
«th floor, entrance room 611: established 20
>-ear»: nil cases, general court and office prac-
tice; nc fee In advance or for consultation:
cv-csiings by appointment. Tel. Red 3061.
DIVORCE— Costs. $12; quick, quiet: advice
free; cpen evenings. 927 Market «t. rm. 30L
"L. S. CLARK, 027 Market st.; consultation
fre*-. no fees in advance; open evenings.
AUTOMOBILES. ~~~
•*— I0C3 MODEL automobile (French make),
<"o*>* $1200 u«cd very little; will «ell for
fhon-. oil la good runninjr order. Box 4302
Call office.
NEATU.Y new Wlnton touring car; flrst-clae*
c-onrtltlon;' must be eold immediately: owner
r«-i.ti>Mis East March 30; oash only. .WELLS
ISRU*-'.. 1711* Washington; phone- East 1302.
CARPET BEATING AXD CLEAX1XG.
WHtX -.on become CisguMed with your work
«*.nd «"or EPAULDIXG'S Pioneer Carpet-heat-
Irg Works. w.V:a7 Tehama et.; t«l. South 40.
%VT*"*STETtN' Carpet Cleaning Work*. 1R09 Har-
rigen a; ,M cleaning; 3c. Tel. Mission T*i/
OMfKoIVS Superior, Carpet-beating Works,
-"S3 GolOtn Oate ave. ; telephone East 126. '
HOPICE BROS.; excellent carpet beating; mat-
trws*-» in»d«? over. 1432 Howard ;tel. South 216.
ADVANr-e* Tarpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st ¦
tel. Mam ;>f>4. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props!
Iti;i.*3*LPH & CO.. oarpet-beatlng works: prices
rr-asnr.e '¦;!<;¦ 1703 H>»rrii«cn K. : tel. M'nglon 2fi3.
cojo'orCT^^or?iCE8.
BAD tenants ejected 'for $4; collections made:
»-lty or country.- -Pacific Collection' Co.; -415
Montg&K-.ery rooms S-10: tel. Main SS80._
' FOit SALE.
> NICELY furnished cottage, 4 rooms, fcr
n't*., cheap; rent of collage reasonable. 1129
Clay 1 1.
DUSIXESS CHANCES.
i A— STRANGERS, ATTENTION !
! Are you looking for a safe «nd profitable
L'usinet-s c|ienind in i-'an Francisco? If so,
¦»•«• can offer you any number requiring an
Investment from II"-* to jfSO.OOi): every busi-
ness? opportunity that losses through our
office must stand the closest Investigation. |
and wt can uluce you in a store, factory, j
hotel, mill, office, or. in fact, any business
you may prefer, Kindly fall and Investigate.
GERMAXIA INVEST <K>.. t)S7 Market gt.
A— MERCHANTS. ATTENTION! ' !
l>o J cu. desire to enlarge ycur business, or do }
you desire additional i-ai.itai? If bo, we can
furnish you with an active or silent partner j
who wi!l invest Jrom J100 to J50.000; we j
have a laree number of dssirable applicants
on our books seeking good business openings.'
i GERMANIA INVEST CO., 927 Market St.
! A— SltK» REWARD
Will be raid for legal proof showing that
any person ever, lost a dollar who Invested
'any money through our company.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT COMPANY,
Incorporated under the lawn of : California.
¦ Capital stock. *50.oOO.
f>27 Market et.. rooms 321, 322. 323, 324.
A GOOD OPENING
For a young man who can Invest $500 In a
high-class real estate office and fill position
of cashier; experience not necessary; invest-
ment secured and $20 weekly guaranteed.
GERMANIA INVEST CO.. 027 Market st._
~ HOTEL FOR SALE."
New and modern; 80 rooms; richly furnished,
complete and ready for occupancy: large dln-
lng-room, with 16 tables and Imported Vienna
chairs; the best carpets money can buy
. throughout; finest linen, best silver service;
10 yearn' lease; price $10,000: easy terms.
QERMANIA INVEST CO.. 027 Market St.
A SAFE INVESTMENT.
(1000 cash and services secure Interest and
office of treasurer In an incorporated realty
and Investment company; $150 monthly as-
sured: highest references given and required.
GERMANIA INVEST CO., 927 Market Bt.
A^ 2 PER CENT MONTHLY
On Investments of $100 and upward; no "get-
rlch-quick" swindle or gambling scheme, but
a reputable business estab. 3 years in S. F.
GERMANIA INVEST CO., 827 Market st.
THE BEST INVESTMENT.
100 shares of gold stock of the Norton Bay
Co. $25; will be worth $200 by August. 1904.
GCRMANIA INVEST CO.. S>27 Market St.
A— TAILORING AND HABERDASHERY.
A first-class tailor or gentleman familiar
with gents* furnishing goods can secure a
partnership in one of the leading stores in
San Francisco; about $5000 cash required.
GERMANIA INVEST CO.. 827 Market st.
A— BARBER SHOp! : ~~
For sale. 4-<-halr shop: centrally located and
good, established trade; sickness of owner
compels sacrifice of immediate sale.
GERMANIA INVEST CO., »27 Market st.
A— LIVERY BUSINESS.
Wanted, man with $4000 cash to take Interest
in stable established 10 years; $200 monthly.
GERMANIA INVEST CO., 027 Market et.
A. CAMERON & CO ,.. Phone South 1050
3 Eddy st.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
Oyster and chop houses $350 to $1000
randy and Ice cream parlors S200 to $2-*K>rt
Barber shops $.VK) to $2500
Cigar stands J350 to $2O0O
Groceries and bars $500 to $5000
Saloons ?300.to $10,000
Restaurants 5350 to $20,000
Fruit and vegetable stores $300 to $1000
Drug stores $2000 to S6O0O
Delicatessen stores : ..f25O to $4500
Wood and coal yards $250 to $1000
A FIRST-CLASS opportunity for druggist or
doctor; fine location for drug store; good fix-
tures, counters and showcase; rent only $60:
business already established: with 6 rooms
and bath In rear; elegantly furnished
throughout: everything complete for house-
keeping of the best quality; price $1800.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 -Eddy st.
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mines; fine prospect;
located In Cal.; assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for r'mg-house or business.' Cameron. 3 Eddy.
FOR sale — Well located candy store; all equip-
ment for making own candles: established 8
years; clears over $200 per month: will in-
voice about $1200. CAMERON. 3 Eddy St.
FOR sale — One of the best restaurants In city;
cheap rent; receipts $75 to $100 day: will
bear Investigation : price $1500. CAMERON
A- CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale, or will trade for small ranch — Fine
hardware and electrical supply store; well
located: clearing S300 per month :• first-class
proposition ; will stand strict Investigation;
price g*O00. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
$2OO — FINE paying office and established com-
mission business; clearing $100 monthly.
1O07V4 Market et.. room 1.
SUMMER resort: finest climate; big payer;
complete: near city; sickness; Investigate.
I007V& Market st.. room 1.
$350 — PARTNER wanted in established com-
mission business clearing $1-"O monthly; will
give bank references; I experience not re-
quired; grand opportunity. 1007H Market.r.l.
A— $.350; PARTNER for old estab. and well
paying office business; bona fide proposition.
Particulars. BROOKBANK, 917 Market st.
AN exceptional opportunity; old established
commission and brokerage business; whole-
sale district: large lists of shippers and buy-
ers. Particulars BROOKBANK. 017 Market.
$1400 — FINE, large grocery and bar;near water
front; splendid money-making place for right
party. See H. DOYLE. 1023 Market, nr. Cth.
BAKERY and complete line of delicacies to be
had for $350; rent $12; fine trade and rare
business chance. H. DOYLE. 1023 Market.
WANTED — A partner In a manufacturing b^s-
Vines*; a liquid to kill all kinds of Insects,
flies, etc., at small cost; there Is a large field
for the sale of this article and big profits
14 «.he right party. Box 4343. Call office.
$150 — CIGAR store near Market and Fourth
sts.; worth $400. EUREKA. 783% Market
GOOD business for sale; in good town; good
reasons for selling; stationery and notion
store: also Call and Chronicle routes; handle
SOO racers dally. W. L. BLYTHE. Peta-
luma, Cal. . ..-.
PARTNETt wanted In established plating
works. Call 73 Thirteenth st, near Folsom.
FOR sale— At a bargain, saloon. 141 Second
street. • .
FOR sale — A large, well paying bakery, with
.large cake trade and 5 to 6 barrels of bread:
latest improved wagons and 0 good horses;
only a short distance from city. Inquire M.
P. DETELS. 218 California st. ¦• .- ¦ : .
FOR eale— Grocery and bar; if you wish to se-
cure a nice little home, with a fair business
combined and wish to' take life easy; price
$700. Call at 368 Eleventh Et.
WANTED — A competent co-worker and stock-
holder in a close-. corporation; well estab-
lished and big dividend paying ; wine com-
pany. Address W. C. box 520. Sacramento.
COUNHR grocery and bar with 3 living rooms
for «ale; well established: rent very low,
$35: place well stocked and will sell cheap;
no 8g-«nts. Box' 2962. Call office.
FOR KALE — Either whole or half . Interest In a
genera: merchandise etore In a good town
•n nc! them part of State. Address for par-
ticulars box 4354. Call office. •
DELICATESSEN, dairy, produce, etc. ; fine
bueinns and good location; good 'stock: price
41200- -¦ Address box 4283. Call office.
GROCERY for sale-^-Whole or half Interest;
location excellent: flrst-claes stock; estab-
lished trade. Box 4294. Call office,- .
GROCERIES' and bar; transfer point:, near
OoMen Gate Park; will, sell for $1300- no
agonts. Box 2765. Call office. '
CIOAl: stand for "sale on; Montgomery st. close
•o Maikef In a - good ' location for business
Box 21)74. Call office.
LOOK !— Rent only |6; fruit and vegetable
atorc. branch bakery.- furnished living rooms*
f 120. to-day. 90 Harriet st.' . / '
CIGAR etore , and laundry office; good estab-
lished business.. Box 4313. Call office.-
CIGAR stand: A No. 1 location; rent reason-
able; price 11500; large stock. Box 4258. Call.
CIGAU "stand In wholesale district for sale
t Vn X iV.l. Call office. .
WANTED — A .delicacy store; one well estab-
lished- state price asked: Box 4602. - Call. .-
GOOD saloon and boarding-house;. '22- beds;
near water front:, $750. -Box 44S8. Call.
FOR eale — Corner saloon; wholesale : district*
first-class location.' Inquire HILBERT MER-
CANTILE CO.. »S13 Market st. -, . .
$250 — BRANCH bakery and - restaurant; $25;
water free. 414 Jones st. ¦ . • • ,u __¦ -
RESTAURANT for eale: bargain;' everything
complete; call and see it. 422 -Turk st.: •
ROUTE on " Call. '¦ Apply at office.
§ALOON — Corner: fSOOO; best " business street
in city: 1 . near, Market st. Box ; 441».; Call.,- -
A BRANCH'offlce of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
npxncd at IOCS Market . st.,; opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p.* m. -
Tonni>ir; f? nr«*F« ' for sAi.F^-Ton.
-MARION GRIFFIN.-
406 Hear*t building, over Examiner entrance.
Modern busine.-s methods In fine front offices.
Phone Black, 3«07, or take elevator to 4th floor.
Up-to-date title abstract free with every sale.
We do business strictly according to law.
STOP AND THINK
Before baying; call on. my only agent. MA-
RION GRIFFIN, and he will tell you all
about .my 40-room house; every room large
and light; low rent; lease for three years or
more; price at bedrock; part cash; will net
over 8150 profit per month.
24 LAKGE sunny, rooms 4 blocks north of
Market st. ; well ' furnished and all occupied !
by. permanent roomers; nets $»'J per month,
as rent Js only $."l per room and price only
S1GW Exclusively for sale by MARION
GRIFFIN.
DEPENDABLE houses are in demand; here's
one MAHION GRIFFIN has for sale because
the owner has urgent business In Eastern
States; 35 rooms; steady Income $411; rent
"A FACT AND A FORTUNE."
We offer a 117-room house for $C500; it is
thoroughly respectable and the profit is about
$ 400 per month: It is no wonder there is such
a fortune in such a house, for it is a fact
that the population of this city is (and has
been fcr three years) growing at the rate of
25,000 yearly. Respectfully yours,
MARION GRIFFIN.
"A WORD TO WIVES."
MARION GRIFFIN can show. you an 8-room
flat north of Market st -in which you can
make $30 over your house rent; you need only
pay $125 down.
NEW ONE 37. "^ '
You'll surely be "on velvet" when you walk
on these carpets. The furniture? Why, It's
that ultra fashionable golden oak and birdseye
maple. The building? It's on a sunny corner
and the exterior appearance ¦ Is grand and
majestic. 'Twill not require much money to
put you In possession. Leasehold? It has a
duration cf 5 years. See MARION GRD7FIN.
C. K HINKLEY Phone Mint 79C
1020 Market st., opp. Fifth.
Former patrons my best references.
Country correspondence promptly answered.
0 rooms: Leavenworth st.; snap $300
12 rooms; Sutter st. ; offer wanted 500
31 rooms; sunny corner; rent $J>. r > 1600
S rooms; (!th and Howard at*.: rent $30 300
10 rooms; N. Market gt. ; rent $40 400
Any house sold on monthly payments.
*23 rooms; one floor; rent only $35 1100
34 rooms; rent $C0; profitable 1150
Clear titles; square dealings at Hinkley's.
11 rooms; partly furnished; see this.... 350
20 rooms; one floor; lease; rent $40 SOO
85 rooms; sunny cor.; lease: grand buy. 6000
53 rooms; lease; rent $115; price only.. 3500
14 rooms; rent $30; clears $20 350
Carriage for customers at HINKLEY'S.
ATTENTION, buyers— Have you gome furni-
ture: 14 rooms: 11 rooms unfur. ; newly reno-
vated; rent ?50; water free; amazingly low;
price $125. HINKLEY'S. 1020 Market st.
MITCHELL & CO.../ Phone Jessie 2981
¦ 1206 Market et.. opposite Sixth.
16 rooms; neat, sunny, two-floor house; rent
$40; sell or exchange; price $650.
C5 rms.: downtown house; steady; transient:
clearing ¦ $350 monthly: handsomely furnished. -
26 rms.; choice corner rooming-house; unex-
celled for transient an well as steady roomers.
25 rooms; well-appointed housekeeping suites;
landlady must- sell; make offer.
MITCHELL & CO., 1206 Market «t. .
100 ROOMS, sunny corner, rent $125.... $4500
40 rooms, south of Market, rent $110.. 2600
46 rooms. Mission warm belt, rent $65. 2230
20 rooms, summer resort, rent $400 yr. 550
14 rooms, fine location, rent low 700
Hotels and summer resort*.
EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny st.
FOR eale — Modern rooming-house; 153 rooms;
new, elegant furniture; low rent, long lease;
splendid location; will guarantee a large In-
come; part cash, balance on easy payments.
Box 4101. Call office.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. DR. MARTIN*, wonderful spiritual healer
.and business medium; readings daily, $1; dc-
"veloping claps Thursday 8 p. m. 502 Eddy st.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing spirit messages to-
nlghtMOc. 619 McAllister St.; readings dally.
MATERIALIZING . seance Wednesday eve.:
developing Tuesday eve., 50c. 328. Ellis st.
W. G. KEEGAN holds test seances every night
Sat., 10c; sit., 10 tf> 5. 14S Sixth st.
EDWARD EARLE. 1052 Ellis, readings daily.
9:30 to 4; seances Sunday and Thursday.
MRS. LESTER. 963 Mission; life, reader, busi-
ness medium; read, 'dally; clr. to-night, 10c.
ELISE BRAUN, renowned psychic. My readings
demonstrate my wonderful powers. 886 Bush.
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted clairvoyant and
alate- writer. 1112 Eddy st. Ehone Scott SS7.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
-
PROFESSOR ALBERT C. VICTOR,
The Famous
PALMIST AND CLAIRVOYANT.
Special Reduction for One Week.
$1— His $5 Reading for $1.
Free Test: Free Test! ¦ * Free Test!
A Free Test to All Who Come Prepared to
Have a Reading.
Without asking a question he tells you your
name, your mother's maiden name, the name
of the one you love, tells you your. age and
/rhat you called for, without asking a single
question.
.THERE IS 'NO AFFAIR of importance —
past, present or future — but what Professor
Victor's occult eye can plainly reveal. He will
point out the way that will lead -to success In
buslnels, speculations. Investments, love, court-
ship, matrimony, divorce or anything you may
be in trouble about.
Unlike Impostors and pretenders. Professor
Victor takes no money in advance, and posi-
tively refuses to accept any fee if you are not
entirely satisfied. - All business strictly con-
fidential. Hours from'9 a. m. to 8 p. m. dally
and Sunday. 700 Poet et. /
A GREAT CUT IN PRICES.
v Call at once and save $4.
His former $5 readings this week for
% $1. .$1. $1. $1. |1. |l. $1. |1. 81. |l.
- NO CHARGE NO CHARGE
Unless yoii obtain the information for which
1 you consult him. •" .
\ (You. to be full judge.) .
PAUL DESTINE.
The first registered trance clairvoyant and
Palmist ever In San Francisco. -
Read carefully. An honest proposition.
I do hereby solemnly' agree and guarantee
to make no charge If I fall to tell your name,
occupation and what you called for: I prom-
ise to tell you if husband, wife or sweetheart
lytrue or false; tell .-whom and when you
will marry. In fact I will tell every hope,
fear or ambition better ' than ¦ you can tell
yourrelf: I rtstcre lost affections, reunite tho
separated, cause happy marriage, mako you
successful in life, cure disease and lost vital-
ity. develotN mediums, give advice on mines
- and buried treasures and Insure you success
or charge nothing lor my services; 10 a. m.
to 8 p. m. ; Sundays, S to 6."
320 — O'Farrell st. — 320. ¦ . ¦ ¦
"A man with a reputation."— New York World.
. CARL . ANTON1US."
Clairvoyant, Trance . Medium and . Healer.
To Introduce his superior methods. Professor
Antonlus will - give readings at- the reduced
price' of $1 for one week, and will positively
make no charge unless you find him superior to
any palmist, medium or clairvoyant In tha city.
Hours from 9 a. m.' t6. 8 p.-m. daily and 3un-
1 day.- Permanently located In his ' own home,"
j 483 Geary st. v, -•• • . ": i"
ISMAR, ¦ the :¦ EgyptlaiT- gypsy," clairvoyant and
palmist, . permanently located at 1104 Market
. st,; - cor.. Turk; private readings dally. 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m.; readings < by ; mail as satisfac-
tory as In person; 3 questions answered, $1;
full life.. $5^ send lock. of hair, date of year
of birth; don't' send currency; send postofflce
Wella-Fargo money order or registered letter.
A— MME. REVANNA. formerly 5 : Fourth St..
.reads, life; business -advice; ..names given;
readings 50c : one week. Offices, 835 Howard
st.. bet.' Fourth and Fifth. ;
A— Miss M.-'Wille, 460 Geary, clairvoyant, crys-
tal seer and life reader,. will' tell you exactly
what you called for 'without asking a ques-
Hion; names given; special, $1; hourslO to'8 t
A*-MME. BERNARD reads your life correctly:
advice civen. on all affairs or life; satisfac-
tion guaranteed ; I 25c up. - 17. 3d, next . Exam;
MISS ZEMDAR.' young gifted clalr. and palm. ;
. has second sight: -a wonderful 'prophetess;
l V names; 1. 50c; g. $1. 714, Franklin, nr. O.G.av.
Mrs.'A.H. Kronenbel-g. palmst, clairvoyant, card
reader;when- others fall try me;good readings
10c.* 721 Franklln.nr.G.G.ave; Tel.Larktn 4207.'
A— MME. LUISA; Spanish palmist, clairvoyant,-
' card reader; 1. 25c, g. 50c '1206 Market, r. 67.
A LITTLE WANT :iiliiiliiHiliilll IN THE5C
COMPETENT woman wants housework; is a
good cook and laundress: city or country-
Address box 41C2. Call office.
WOMAN with a child would like a place as
housekeeper. MRS. C, 117 Milton st.
A VERY competent dressmaker wishes a few
1 more engagements at $3 .per day: fancy
gowns or street costumes made in 3 days,
equal in style, fit. etc., that establishment!)
charge $20 for making. Box 10S0. Call.
GERMAN lady wants position In private fam-
-^lly; Is sood cook; nrst-claso references: can-
not siieak English. ROSA SCHEWERKR.
Park Hotel, 26-28 Turk st.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman desires cooking,
some housework, for a small family; no
washing, ironing or window-cleaning. Call
at 554 Xatuma st. *
EXPERIENCED stenographer; has had seven
years' experience; can operate any machine;
best of references. Box 4438. Call office.
A YOITNG woman wants any kind of work by
the day; best references. Please call or ad-
dress 3145 Clay st., bet. Laurel and Walnut.
WOMAN wants work by the day; good laun-
dress; $1*00 a day; no postals answered. 066
Minna St., near Seventh.
A COMPETENT laundress and housecleaner
wants wcrk by the day; $1 25; references.
Box 4095. Call office.
SWEDISH 1 woman wants dace to cook In a
boarding house; wages $30. -2QC Rltch st.
WANTED — A situation as housekeeper or
nurse to an invalid. Address 710 Harrison st.
YOUNG girl wishes position for second work.
Call at 1126 OFarrell st.
YOUNG girl wishes situation for upstair*
work; American family preferred. Please
call Monday at Swiss Dairy. 2219 FH1-
more st. •
REFINED lady desires position as housekeeper
In mountains or country. Address box 10T7,
Cal] office. Oakland.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 033 McAllister st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED—MALE.
BOOKKEEPER, thoroughly competent, de-
fires - to keep extra set of books portion of
time; audits, opens, closes accounts; any
line; highest references; reasonable. Box
410«. Call office.
EXPERIENCED German carpenter and mate.
Ti-ould like to take fencing Job or anything in
this trade; country preferred: letters.- A. A.,
care of Fred W. Joosten. 500 Third st.
HONEST young German (26) wishes position
of any kind, wholetale house or store, where
he may have a chance for advancement. Box
4105. Call office.
A YOUNG German wants situation as bar-
tender In country hotel or saloon; a good,
eober all round man; best of references. Ad-
dress box 1086. Call office, Oakland.
A GOOD, honest young man would like position
on private place; thoroughly understands care
of garden. Address box 1087. Call office,
Oakland.
MAN and wife want work on ranch; wife cook
and housework, man understands an kinds
of work; best of references. Box 4460, Call.
YOUNG man, 25 years old, would like to hear
of position In grocery store; 7. years' experi-
ence and good references. Box 4103, Call.
BARBER — First-class from New York, wants
first-class position. Address Barber, box
4405, Call office.
BOOKKEEPER wishes position; can give col-
lege references. Box 4253, Call office.
CLOTHING and furnishing * salesman wants
steady job. Box 4C07. Call office.
BOOKKEEPER wants to keep small set books
during leisure time. Box 4356, Call office.
STEADY, reliable Scandinavian wants work
of any .kind: can drive and care for horses.
Box 40u3, Call office.
A MAN with lengthy experience In Spanish-
American trade, thoroughly familiar with all
requirements, seeks position; speaks and cor-
responds In Spanish. English and German; Is
a good of flee man, bookkeeper and corre-
spondent. Box 45:>O, Call office.
RELIABLE 1 , competent young man, thoroughly
understands care of horses and duties per-
taining to footman's and coachman's posi-
tions, wishes situation on prlvata place, city
or country. A. M. BARRETT, northwest
corner Washington and East sts.
YOUNG French couple, of good education, de-
sire employment; private family; wife to do
housework or cooking,* husband to care for
. horses drive and general work. FELIX
GRIMAUD, C33 Broadway.
YOUNG man wishes to work on chicken ranch
where he could learn all about the chicken
business: prefer good hom« to big wages.
E. LARELU 275)9 Bryant st.
ATTORNEY, i who Is also experienced office
man, booKkeeper. correspondent, business
manager, etc.. will accept position with cor-
poration, real estate concern. Box 4327. Call.
RELIABLE man, 35 years of age. wants work
any j>art of 5 days uer week: no objection
to small wages. Address 1007^ Folsom st.
BARKEEPER wants position; city or coun-
try; can furnish reference; age 33. Box
4320. Call office. - .- -¦'- :-:
WANTED — Situation by you ng man who -thor-
oughly understands driving and work In prt-
vate stable; refs. Address box 4345, Call.
BAKER— First-class all around bread, cake
baker and confectioner; country preferred.
BURTON, 192 Seventh st.
YOUNG man, 25, would like position as driver
and salesman: hustler; best reference. Box
4349. Call office. J
MECHANICAL draughtsman would like tem-
porary situation for five or six months. Box
" 4200. Call office.
MAN and wife want work on ranch; wife cook
and housework, man understands all kind*
of work: best of references. Box 4460, Call.
WANTED — Position as blacksmith: will work
on shares; 10 -rears' experience In a country
shop. Box 4457, Call. \
CLERK— Wine, liquor and groceries, window
dreeser and card writer, desires position;
best of references. Address box 4446, Call.
A LICENSED engineer and machinist wants
position; city -references. Box 4339. Call.
COOK wishes situation In saloon or lunch
house. AL NAUDE. 1525 Powell st. ".
WANTED-i-Situatlon a« coachman by an ex-
perienced man. Box 42S7. Call office.
SITUATION wanted- by Japanese; wishes posi-
tion in private family; can milk cow. take
care horse, chore around; very useful: city
or country. Address box 4453, Call office.
JAPANESE, strong man. wants a position to
do cooking and general housework; $7 week.
G. A., 1303 Vi Castro st.
JAPANESE youth wants elevator work la
hotel or any place; have good recommenda-
tions. W. ISONO. 628 Stevenson st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at IQ9'J
Valencia st.
FEATHEIl IIEXOVATIN-Q.
BY new. healthful process. Cal. Steam Feather
Co- 325 Van Ness ave.: tel. Howard 3167.
FLATS TP : LET. ™
AAA— HOUSE RENTING DEPARTMENT!
All desirable vacant houses and flats are list*
ed in our frea renting department: over 1000
In number; a combined list from all agencies-
let us give you a list and help you to find a
place; w« never fall; service free.
• * '- STERLING FURNITURE CO..
. 1030 MARKET ST..
OPPOSITE MCALLISTER.
' . , -_ ' . >
A— HOUSES and flats to let; an lmmemw list-
service absolutely free: take advantage of
this department: it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. • 245-259 Geary
«t.. on tha square. •
NEW upper 5-rocm Mission flat; sun every
room; latest porcelain plumbing; rent $17 50.
6 We»t ave.; ohone Scott *i6ti6.
ELEGANT. ¦ sunny, cor. flat. 2 stories." 12 nnsi,
2;baths; marine view; $75. Tel. Geary 448.
LAUREL ave.. 221. off Van Ness St.. bet. Turk
and Lddy— Four, rooms and bath.
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let Call
on LYON-& HOAG. 118 Montgomery st.
LAGUNA, 2703 — Elegant corner flat; 7 rooms.
bath; marine. vt?w; $40: 11 to 12. '4 to 5.
LINDEN ave., 506 — Three nice sunny rooms,
basement; rent $11.
MODERN new sunny 5- room flat. yard. 1006
Capp st., n»ar 25th. . ' ' • •
PINE, 70«5*>i, near Powell — Upper flat. 6 rooms
and bath: sun -air day; 'modern: $37 SO.
SEVENTEENTH. 4182. near Castro-st. cars^
J Sunny ¦ upper flat, . 7 . rooms, bath, basement.
SEE the: 4 rooms; bath, at 057 Hayes to-day;
nothing like it in city; moderate rent.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY. MARCH 22, 1001.
13
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A NUMBER of very desirable sunny apart-
menls; 3 and 4 rooms each, with bath, toilet,
elevator, etc.: unfurnished or furnished to
order;' new house. Tt» St. Charles, 1500
Sacramento St.. near Larkin.
ATtDELL. 15 Page St. — 2 sunny front connect,
housekeeping mis. ; gas range: $3 wk. ; others.
ELLIS. 310— Parlor suite, suitable for an office
or light housekeeping.
ELLIS. CS5t-2 sunny rooms, nicely furnished:
gas rapge. running. water; >25. . . .
ELLIS. 1I7S — Nicely furnished connecting
rooms: bath, rhone and running water; n>
children. .
FOURTH. 491— Front and back parlor for
housekeeping; also double and single rooms.
FULTON. 442 — Partly furnished cr unfur-
nished rooms for housekeeping; lesa than 10
minutes' walk from City Hall; reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 431) — Tnree very, desir-
able housekeeping rooms.
GUERRERO, 1.123 — Extra nice sunny rcomsr
reasonable. Phone Church 0530.
HAIGHT. 224 — 3 nicely furnished rooms, bath,
. for housekeeping; suitable for 2 or 3 adults.
HOWARD. 1310 — One large room nicely- fur-
nished for housekeeping and one single room.
HYDE, 52$ — Nicely fur. front parlor suite; also
3 sunny basement rooms. Phone Hyde 930.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments, 1340 Pine—
Sunny, furnished 3-room suites; steam heat-
ed, electric lighted; free baths; rate $30 up.
SIXTEENTH. 2S22— Sunny furnished room to
rent for one or two.
TAYLOR, 011 — 2 furnished rooms, gas range,
rink. $10; single room, gas range, $6 SO.
TWENTY-SIXTH. 3367— ?12: 2 front house-
keeplng rooms in Mission warm belt.
APAETMEST SOJD-SES.
A- ST. HILAIRE APARTMENTS '¦
LAGUNA ST.. NEAR GEARY.
Will be ready for occupation In a few
days. Everything new. Make your
reservations now. Elegantly furnished
apartments with private bath — 2, 3 and
4 rooms; stfam heat: electric light; ele-
vator; private phenes; rates reasonable.
A— CORDOVA APARTMENTS
Will be finished March 15.
10S4 SUTTER ST.. NE. COR. LARKIN ST.
i Beautifully light and sunny; 2-3-4 rooms and
bath each; all unfurnished: $30 to $45.
Make reservations now.
ST. CECILE. 115 Fell, above Van Ness— The
acme of perfection In elegantly furn. 3-room
apartments; private bathsi steam heat, elec-
¦ eric lights, elevator, gas ranges; $30 to J33
ST. LOUIS. 1C73 Jackson st. — Modern 3-4-5
rcoms; also single; furnished or "unfurnished;
marine view; references. Phone East 1350.
IROQUOIS. Apartments. 510 Ellis, nr. Leaven-
worth: 2. 3 and 4 rms.: open for Inspection.
BOOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Unfnrn.
AURORA, corner Second and Folsom sts. — New
bouse, new furniture; every room outside;
modern and sunny; prices from $1 50 per
week up; this is the only up-to-date house tn
this vicinity; first-class grill attached.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 14S Sixth St.— Rooms
25c to (1 per night, $1 23 to $3 per week and
light housekeeping rooms: open all night.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rocms. 25c. 50c. $1. SI 50 night;
SI 50 to $10 week: house open all night.
ALL newly furnished, beautiful rooms at the
Waverly rooming .house. 841 O'Farrell st.
BURNETTi 1420 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
eCMMINGS <The). 61S Post. nr. Taylor— Ju»t
cpened; desirably located; tunny, single rooms
ard suites, with private baths, bet and cold
water, steam heat, electric lights, phone every
rocm. elevator. Phcne East 1317 If desired.
EDDY. 116. near Mason — Nicely furn. front
room or eunny suite; prices reasonable.
EDDY. 420 — Furnished room, suitable for
gentleman; running water; rent $9.
FOR sinele gentleman. In private home (no
other roomers), a large, sunny, furnished
room, with bath adjoining; 4 block* from
park entrance and 3 blocks from panhandle.
- Address box 2621. Call office.
FRANKLIN. 721, nr. Golden Gate ave. — Sunny
furn. front room; all conveniences; S3-S12.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 33c
to $1 25 night; $1 50 to $6 wk.; reading-room.
GUERRERO. 1323 — Large sunny rooms, slngl*
or en suite; reasonable. Phone Church 5536.
MASON, 213 u — Sunny bay-window front room;
other rooms, $2 p<?r week up: clean; quiet.
POWELL. 500 — Larse sunny rear room; suit-
able for one or two men.
ROYAL Hcuse. 126 EUls — Incandescent lights,
reading-room. sir.ok!r.g-iocm and ladies' par-
lor: rocms per night. 35c to SI 50; week. S3
to $S; month. $3 to $30; elevator on ground
flocr: rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
THE AVOCA. S37A Mission — Furn. rooms by
the day, week or month; prices reasonable.
TURK. 7S0 — Mcilern parlor Fulte: sunny and
nicely furnished; a quiet home for gentleman.
DNITED STATES. .123 Eddy, near Market — 400
rooms. &*c to $1 night, $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water In every
n.c»n; elevator,read.-r.x>m; free bus; basgase.
VAN NESS ave.. 619— Elegant front parlors
and adjoining suite for office or club.
VAN WINKLE. 207 Jones— Nicely furnished
rooms. 92: tunny suites. S3 per week: baths.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market—
Mf>st convenient and- respectable; 7C0 rooms:
35c to SI 50 night: $2 to $S week; elevator;
elec. lights: reading-room: free bu«: baggage.
WOLF House, 2f2 Sixth— Electric light in every
room; 15c to $1 a night; 75c to $5 a week;
open all night; convenient to all cars. -
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 100<t Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Oren until 11 p. it.
ROOMS AMJ BOARD.
. -^ ¦ W "" E ~ DGEMERE HOTEL.
731 Bush st.. above Powell; select first-
class rcsidental hotef; elegantly furnished
anl table unsurpassed; electric light; steam
heated and private exchanse telephones ' In
every room; terms reasonahre.
¦ B. DU CARPE. Prop.
OCTAVIA. SW. rcr. Sacramento, overlooking
Lafayette square — Can accommodate a few
adults with excellent rooms and board.
~~ HOTEL BALTIMORE.
1015 VAN NESS AVE.. NEAR GEARY ST.
SELECT AND FIRST CLASS.
PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 70C
EARLCOfRT
mil PINE ST. — A BEAUTIFUL SMALL
HOTEL: JUST OPENING: EVERYTHING
NEW AND ELEGANT. APPLY AT ONCE.
" i hotelThatton. ~~
977 Pine st., near Taylor; elegantly furnished
suites, private baths: all medern conveniences;
-American er European plan.
HOWARD. S41A — First-class board with room,
single cr double. $4 CO-SO week; American
family: home cooking: home .comforts; piano.
HOTEL ELSMERE. 41S Sutt*r— Sunny rooms;
excellent table: from <4Q: single $23.
VALENCIA. D-Ift— Pleasant sunny room; pri-
vate boarding-hcuse; warm belt.
VAN NESS ave.. 1714 — Elegantly furnUhed
tultts. »itn bat,j«; o'so Mairle: homelike.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts
A BRANCH offlc of The Call for the reception
cf advertisements and subscriDtions has been
opened . at IOCS Market St., opposite ; Fifth.
¦ Open until, il p. in. : , ¦' ¦ .
l'ArEKHAXClAG -p.UXTl.\G. ETC.
ROOMS papered. $4 up; tinting, painting
Hartmann Paint Co., 310 Third; tel. Main 413.
S RAVING I MACHIXES SUPPLIES.
200 NEW White *gwtns machines for rent *l
$2 o«r month.- Why not rent the best?
" White Sewing Machine Co., 300 Pest »t. and
50 NEW .White sewtng machines, slightly shop
worn, at half price or less at 300 - Post »l
• and 1S41 Ftllmore str ¦ . -., •¦-. ; -;v : '
DOMESTIC — The machine . for : family ¦ use:
best is cheapest; second-hand all makes I at
•any price; all kinds- rented ' lowest • rates.
i Domestic office. 1021 ¦ Market, . hear Sixth. \ ¦
NEW HOME — See our new triple-feed ma-
chines: slightly used: $10. |15, $20: second-
hand, $¦".. $5. $S: all styles: guaranteed. New
Home Sewing Machine Co.. 1051 Market at.
_»_
OFFICE for Stager Sewing Machine Co.. 2244
: Mission st.. cr.. 19th: all .kinds rep., rented.
SOLICITOKS. (
WANTED— . . . - ¦ •
Ladles cr gentlemen; guaranteed salary $"5
to $100 per month and expenses, traveling or
local, and In addition we will pay til your
expenses to St. Louis Exposition and return;
Investigate at once. Call at 1653 Grove 9t-,
Oakiand. MRS. SARAH H. MOTT. Manager.
SPECIAL AOTICE5.
Ladles! Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are best; safe, reliable; take no other. Send 4c
stamps for particulars. "Relief Jor Ladles'*
In letter by return mail. Ask your drugsist-
Chichcster Chemical Co-. Philadelphia. Pa.
LAD1KS. »ead rour address to 1120 Market st.,'
S. F.. valuable Infor-Trm*!^™'; rrom 2.
SPECIALISTS.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS ar.d NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new methods; 1 week's treat-
merft free. Dr. CctOngham. 2<M Sutter st.
i€ STORAGE AXD _\VAREHOL'SEJ.
A— KMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.: furniture,
household good* stored, moved, shipped. 723-
731 Howard St. ur. Third; phono Grant 16L
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. of-
fice Ptwt and Powell Fts.: tel. Prlv. Ex. 57L
CONKLIN'3 Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gat* ave.; Phcne East 120.
GOLDEN West Storage: advances made. S4O
Mission St.; tel. Howsrd 941. F. W. Zehfus*.
PACIFIC Storagf and Furniture 3£o- "-» Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmor* St.; phone Jackson 2™1.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
St.; tel. Main 1540. Shipping at cat rates.
STITTEni.XQ A> 'P_ - STAMMERI ? f< *;
THE MELBOURNE SCHOOL for the cure oi
stuttering and stammering, corner Van Ness
ave. and Market st.. 5. F.. has been estab-
lished In this city for 3 years and shall con-
tinue, for it Is founded on true merit and has
the commendation of reputable physicians
everywhere. It teaches a superior system
and challenges results. No wholesale class
work, but 6 hours' individual teaching daily,
reducing nervous obstruction to speech and
leading to thorough control. Within reach
of all Business hours. 1 to 5 p. m.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriase licenses were issued yesterday a*
follows:
' John N. Adams. 21. Alameda. and ¦ Marls
McCutcheon. IS, 1C1S Clayton street.
Augustln L. Parrott, 22. '817 Filbsrt street,
and Lottie C. Mlramontes, IS, 25 Jessie street.
Lathrop W. Jewett. 21, 2408 Union etreet.
and Ethel A. Greene. 21, 24C2 Union street.
Samuel H. Uren. 31, Maripcsa, and Susie
E. Yalll. 30, Boston.
Bertram! J. Demange. 25. GHroy. and Lul*
A Elarn, 25. 1223 Bush street.
William F. Lyttle, 22. Kenwood, and Ger-
trude D. Jaffey. 195 Olive Court.
Will 'am Dixon, ZS, city, and Martha Camp-
bell. 2S. city.
T. Joseph Toffer. 21. 412 O'Farrell street,
and Je«n C. Danerl. IS, city.
Charles C. Dickeson. 21. Eureka, and Kath-
erlne C. Garretson. 18, 1279 Eleventh avenue.
Earl W. Lundquist. 27. Juneau, and Ross
M. Hemberger. 21, 1090 Broadway.
Walter G. Sachs. 22. Hotel Granada, and
Edna A. Meyer. 20. 1S02 Pacific avenue.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATH3.
Birth, rnarrlaze and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must b* handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once In this column
free of charge.
MARRIED.
BAUMERT— STEINERT— In this city. March
20. 1004. by the Rev. Hermann Gehrcke. Wil-
liam Emit Baumert and Clara Steinert, both
of this city.
BRYANT— MARRETTE — In this city. March
20. 1004. by the Rev. George W. Write, pas-
tor of Central Church, George T. Bryant of
Pan Francisco and Sue May Lillian Marrette
of Reno. Nevada.
JOSE— SCHMIDT— In thkt city. March 19, 1904,
by the. Rev. Hermann Gehrcke. Charles Jose
and Lina Schmidt, both of this city, • '
SCHULTZ— ALLEN— In this city. March 10.
19O4, by the Rev. William N. Meserve. Au-
gust Louis Sctjultz and Viola Allen, both of,
San Francisco. . .
STEEN— CENTER— At Christ Church. Lon-
don, England. March 8. 1904. Ture Nekolas
£teen and Miss Elizabeth Mansfield Center.
(No cards.)
STOLZE — CHURCHILL — In this city. March
20, 1904, at the First English Lutheran
Church, by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelander.
Chartes William 4 Stolze of San Francisco
and Floy F. Churchill of lone. Michigan.
TOPPER— DANERI— In this city. March 21.
1S04. by the Rev. George W. White, pastor
of Central Church. "^ Joseph Topper and
Jean C. Danerl. both of San Francisco-
UREN — TUILL — In this city, March 21, 1904.
by the Rev. George W. White, paster cf
Central Church. Samuel PI. Uren of Wa-
wona. Marlposa County, and Susie E. Yuilt,
of Boston, Mass. ¦
DIED.
Browne, B. F. Owens. Hannah H.
Collins, Jane Lr. Pedrinl. Maria
Coombs. Jewel Read, Charles
Dastrevlgne, V. R. Roberts. Lillian A.
Davies, Jane • Rowland, Anna M.
Dillcn. Brtdget Rubles. David W.
Grant. Adam Russi. Rcsa
Hawkins*. Dennis Saxtcn. Edith E.
Holgersen. E. H. '- - Sharrer, Sarah C.
Koepf, John Jr. Shattuek. David D.
Llnd. Mrs E. V. Stecher. F. J.
McNaughton, Eliz'th Starasinlc. Nicholas
Moore. Robert . Ftevens, George
Murphy. Robert Talbot, Agrto*
Murphy. Michael Walter. Herman A.
Nlebling Sophie Zupar. Capt. V. N.
BROWNE— In Fullerton. Nebraska. March 13.
1004, Benjamin F. Browne, an old Callfor-
nian and former resident of this city, and
brother of Peter N. Browne and Mrs. Martha
W. Kaler of San Francisco, a- native of New
York, aged 61 years 3 months and 10 days.
COLLINS— In this city. March 19. 1904. Jane
L.. dearly beloved wife of the late Dennis
W. Collins, mother of Mary L. Collins, be-
loved daughter of the late George and Mary
Dwyer, and beloved sister of John H-.
George JE.. Lottie W. and the late Thomas j
F. Dwyer. a native of San Francisco, aged
C7 years 5 mohths and SO davj.
C^Frlend3 and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday). at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. " 2746 Baker street, thence 1 to 8t.
Vincent de Paul's Church, where a requiem
ma?s will be celebrated for the repose of
her soul at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
COOMBS— In this city, March S\ 1904. Jewel,
beloved daughter of Katharine Coombs and
the late William Henry Coomb.*, and sister
of Lotus. Tiny and Muriel Coombs, a natrve
of California.
•C5" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attepd the funeral services.
to b» held at :10:3O o'clock Tuesday." March
22. at the Church of the Advent. Eleventh
and Market- streets. Interment Wednesday
morning, at Kapa.
DASTREVIGNE— In this city. March 21. 1904.
Valentin R. Dastrevlgnff. beloved - husband
of Mrs. Louise Dastrevlgne <nee Jurl).
and uncle of Augusto and Ernest Dastre-
vigme and Pierre and Florentine Blanchard.
a native of France, aged 42 Tears 5 months
and 13 days. (Monterey papers please copy.)
C5"Frlend-» and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
? Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from his late
residence. 519 Valencia street, thence to
Diuids' Hall. Suttsr street, where services
will be held under the auspices of Persever-
ance Grove ?Co. 10. V. A. O. D. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by electric car.
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
DA VIES— In Truckee. March 19. 1904. Jane,
relict of Llewellyn Daviea. and mother of
Llewellyn Jr.. Richard and Arthur . Davies.
Mrs. Eliza Thorrold. Mrs. James Moran.
Mrs. P. Sinclair and Mrs. F. Richards a
native of South Wales, aged 64 years 11
months and 3 days. ,/.*— jj
Weep not that her tolls are over,
We?p not that her race is run.
God grant we may as calmly
When our work, like hers, is done.
Till then, we yield with" gladness
Our 'mother to- Him to keep, v
And rejoice in the swexC assurance
He siveth His beloved sk*p.
ELIZA.
CXFriands and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
' Halsted & Co.. 048 Mission street. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by electrle
car from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
DILLON— In this city, March 2O. 1904. Bridget
beloved wife of the tat* Thomas Dillon, and
sisttr of Matthew and Andrew Canavan,
Mrs. Samuel Heather of London. England,
and the late James and Norah Canavan. a
native of City of-Gaiway. Ireland, aged 51
years. A member ot Garfleld Post No. 21,
Ladies' Relief Corps.* . .' .. -
jgrFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend - the fonerat to-day
F. J Mocahan, Manager. TeL Mltsion 31.
MONAHAN, O'HARA & CO.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS JlND EMBALMERji.
- '2339-2341 Mission st.. near Nineteenth,
baa Francisco. *
HORSES AXD WAGONS Continued. .
FOR sale— A S-year-cld jack. Inquire at S55
Mtr.ni st.
HORSE C years c!d for sa!c. sBcx C961, Call
c'Bre.
WAXTEO — A hor*e far driving; state price.
4 ete. Box 2875, Ca'.I efnee..
WANTED — A eood. «..und work horse about
12CW pcur.<is. lid 2CC3. Call offlre.
CAMPING house wagon; great for theatrical
j«rt!e«. Owner at «!4tf Howard st.
AVCTION everj- Tuesday, 11 a. m.. of horses,
I wagont and harness, at 1140 Fclsom st.
Al EXPRESS wacor., light camping wagen
and go-cart for sale, cheap. 522 Mission st.
Largest assortmt 2d-hand wagonr. buckbd. sur-
rey,harness.work.drivicg horses. lOth-Valencia.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
cf advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1G0S Market st., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. in.
HOl'SRS TO LET.
A— PRINTED list of houses to let; cer.d for cir-
cular. G. H.UMBSEN *.- CO., 20 Montgomery.
MCALLISTER. 12C3— 12 rooms, bath and bll-
liard-roorn; jeO; water free: modern.
SEE Renting Department M. Friedman & Co..
237 I'cst st.. for nice flats and houses.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let. HALDW1N fc HOAVI.LL, 25 Pott st.
nO0KE8 TO LET — FlUXiSIIED.
A — 10 LARGE rooms, piano, bath, basement,
heater, laundry, large garden, conservatory;
sunny side Sacramento st., near Pierce; will
lease. For permit to Inspect apply to SPECK
4- CO.. 209 Montgomery- st.
LOST .AXD KOUXD.
LOST — Diamond and pearls sunburst; frcru
Thirteenth street, crossing Duboce Park and
Pierce to Kaigrt; liberal reward. S77 l"Uh st.
STRAYED — Great Dap.e dog. 4 white feet: col-
; lar and license on. Return to HAYDEN'S
market, i^w Ninth st.. city.
LOST — Keys en Filimore, Sutter or Laguna
ft. Return to 22UG Fillmore St.; reward. • j I
ST. BERNARD puppy; liberal reward.
YOUNG COREETT.
LOST — A yellow handbag going from Howard
and Rues to Mlfsion and SURh sts. Please
return to MRS. BJECK, 113 Russ St.; keep
money.
LOST — Lady's cjten silver watch with mono-
gram. Rewatd at C21 Mission st.
LOST — Esquimaux bitth; name Zaza; with
harness. Return 2-'J6 Taylor Et. ; reward.
MEDICAL.
A — LADIES, if you are suffering frcm irreg-
ularities or any ailment, you will avoid dis-
appointments by consulting me first. My.
method of treatment is positive and harm-
less and I guarantee Immediate relief from
any cause or make no charges. Advice free.
Call or write DR. SYLVESTER, 21U Kearny.
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relief
from Irregularities consult me at once; my
rri<-'tnods are always safe, painless and reli-
able: I have no failures; cure guaranteed; no
cxorbltai.t fees; 17 years' exj:*rfence in all
female disorders; call or write without delay;
advice free; correspondence confidential.
DR. WHITE. 702 Market St.. rooms 7 and S.
MRS. DR. WYETH. socialist for all female
complaints and irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed; 3d years' experience. S26 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; instant re-
lief guaranteed. 100S4 Market St.. opp. 5th.
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pills
sold: price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's
syringe and tablets; price $5. By express
only on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTH-
I-H?. wholesale druggists. Seventh and
Broadway. Oakland.
DR. G. W. ODONNELL— All who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
cdvice free. Office, 101 s Market st.
A DESTITUTE women's friend: free secluded
home during confinement ; also housekeeping
rocn-..«: infants adopted in good homes.
MRS. DR. FL'NKE. 1416 fctb St., Alamfda.
Drs. Goodwin. 7.13 Turk. nr. Van Ness — Expert
In obstetrics, female complaints; inst. relief;
treatment SIO; hours. 10 to 5; 25 years' exp*r.
MRS. D. ALLEN*. 1118 Market — Reliable ladies*
specialist: a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
DR. ROSEN resides 2905 Folsom St., corner
2Cth; ladles, relief cr r.o fee $10.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES an1 HINDOO HERBS:
original method of treatment. 1126 Market st.
DR. NG. TOY KEE. 313 Powell st.. opposite
Union square: alt diseases cured by herbs.
MISCELLA.VEOLS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, ongtne*. 2d-hand machinery. MclN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN, 105-107 Fremont st.
NOTICE TO BUYERS OF GRAIN' BAGS.
1 am authorized by the Board of Prison Di-
rectors to sell a second lot of five hundred thou-
sand <50p.tX'C) grain bags at *5 23. i-rot cash,
within the next thirty days in lots ud to and
r.ot to exceed r>ft,0W bags to any one Individual
or firm. All orders to be accompanied by
drafts and affidavits required by law. If de-
sired, bags will be stored at the risk of the
purchaser not to exceed six months. Blank
orders cau be had ur-on application.
J. WT. TOMPKINS.
IVarden San Qu»ntln State Prison.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK? ~ ~~
Repair it with elaterite: in rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
iron, tin nr shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st
ZD-HAND machinery, boilers, engines. pu!i;i>s,
-pulleys, shafting, etc., etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papors.
H. B. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 B^ale st.
PAINT your old and new metal and Khinsle
roofs with Asbestos Roof Paint: guaranteed
to stOT) all leaks in the r.r.» end preserve the
new. 205 Front St.; tel. Main 1423.
A — FINE suits. $7 50; dress pants. *2 50. Orlg-
inal Misfit Clothing Parlors, 23S Kearny st..
pear Bush; op»n to 9 p. m., Sunday to noon.
A— BUTS, s*l!s cr rents cear machinery, *n-
cines, boilers, water pip*, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Fpear St.
ALTERATION sale — Best $2 60 hats. $1 .5O.
Popular Price Hatter. £M Kearny r|.. near
Pine; open to 8 p. m.; Funtlays to noxn.
TRY our men's shoes at %Y and $1 50 pair:
foot-form sho«» at (2 .V>; we pay express
charges. II- Sd St., Exam. bid. ; catalog free.
3~/ ROLL and up; fine wall paper; tiamples
mailed; painting, tinting. i»ap<*rlng. M. ME11-
_IGA.\. 1302 Webster. Tel. Jackson 132J.
FOR sale, cheap — Fine large safe with heavy
steei vault. 3M Hayes st.
SHOE repairing- shop for sale: In country. Ad-
dress JOSEPH LEDDY, Williams, Cal. #
FOR sale — One 60-light electric bath cabinet.
Particulars Electric Works, 227 Ellis »t. -
FOR sale — Piano, music box, organ, harness
p.r.d modern house. 422 Orange st.. Oakland.
BARGAINS in fine diamonds and watches;
*a*y peyments. GARIN. S03 Hayward bid?.
Encyclopedia Drltannica: Srribner edition: half
morrocco. King's old booksfbre, Cl McAllister.
GASOLINE engines bought, sold, exchanged.
repaired. Sykes-Corson Co.. 254 Bealo st.
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
hand.. I. FREEMAN. 1320 Market rt.
DESK3 bought, sold and exchanged. T d"
MCCARTHY CO.. 782 Mission; tel. Buah 46T.
6O1IE good second-hand gasoline engines. 1 to
32 h. p.. cheap. E. .B. Beck Sc Co.. 122 Mket.
SLOT machines cheap: Chtcasroee Twentieth
Centuries. PucUs. BACIGALUPI, 023 Market.
DESKS and saTes; see the conrpiete line at ISM
Market, ab. Van Xe«». RICHARDSON BROS.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
MOVING pictures, maple lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post st.
SAFES — New and second-band. E B BECK
tc CO.. 122 Market st.
GASOLINE er-pim-s. automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 4G Fremont st,
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters: alt
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Moatg'y.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 10 paces, sent to any address in th*
United Eutet or Canada one year for $1.
MISCE1.I.AX"EOPS WAXTS.
SHOES wanted; misfit Sc castoff: highest prcs. ;
new & 2d hand shoes for sale. 748 Mission.
BOOKS and libraries bought^ H. C. HOLMES,
1113 Market St.; phone Jessie 3741, or postal.
I PAY highest prices for all kinds of cast-oft
clcthing; send postal. MORRIS. 943 Folsom.
T1LTQN wants good second-hand clothing- and
theatrical soods. 154 9th st. : tel. Jessie 2s&l.
myj»i.W'j VTI-I • M * T .K «-«ti tt «•»-.».
A — iil"i;HAY & HEADY. G31-G8 Clay st.
Pbcne Main 35 IS.
leading Exsriioytztrfit aad Labcr Agents.
* IX) Vol.' SPEAK
O:e..k.' French. SoUt?
NEVADA. NEVADA.
To Ncvaia fta'.c.
B facmra >is>. Geveramnt work. S hcurs day.
icaniftfrf, shi;. tc-nieht. $2 day.
1<' .au)TK>, fcbjy to-ni«hl.
Rockxaea, OrkU-.rs. irrigation ditch.
'FREE FARE
If you tt«y tar months.
SierstOa State.
Government work.
and Silver llin^s.
'.:• str.i'e sr.A d.nilTe har.4 drillers, SS2 CO.
a patctala* miners, $'J0. •
« trnent fx.itc.er.
: r. i be fc-tino with your distance. Get
cl .ser it Lend of tiunsriine.
n~bera m.-»n can work "Vfry day. Big wages.
Ariscna — Arizona.
1 u se to Preston. . 810 miles.
f3 10— Thai • all.
KZ labcrvr*. tiatn€t*rs. drillers, rockmen,
«tc Cerittr Great Mines.
MILKERS.
£« milker*, ell tarts cf California. S30, $35,
*i0 and fo-ar.J.
4 butteraiak^rs. $10 *nd found.
13 farm ar.d ranch hauvls. t2i. $26. $30, fd.
4 ir.ilkers, fare j>ai4, norih, $35 found.
5 chcrenien. S20. $25
WOOL'CHOFFERi-, ETC.
125 woodchop;wr». ai! o\*r State.
I'ostrnakers, thskeir.akeri, «tc.
" furm hands, together. Orcgcn, $C0 found.
— LOOK-
SHIP CALXEP.S.
2 ehip calkins, factory, $2 50 <1ay.
MEN AND WIVES.
2 farmer? end wives. $40, t5w. $60. found.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
» cooks, different hotfls. ranches, ratnes. I
etc., $r.O to $CS; 6 waiters, bel!, *l»-v*tor I
bcj*. $15 to $40 found.
Porters — Dishwashers — Roustabout*.
2 laundryrrjen. extra good Jabs. $15 week.
Porter, city hJtcl. $20 found: btker, institu-
tion; fcre:r.an, scraper gang oa ranch; 4 rc»r-
ri+i fanners, vlr.r-yard, south; second cook,
c:ty hotel. S45 fcucd.
5ian and wife, m&n cook, »ife chamber-
rratd. $45 found.
Farmer, wife, berry ranch. $40 found.
MVRRAT & READY.
' v " -'- C34-€3t> Clay st.
S HOURS DAY.
STEADY JOBS.
5 plasterers. $5 day.
S hodcarr.erp anJ mortar mixers, $3 50 day.
* Ii!unib*TS. ft day.
" linners. S" 00 day.
23 carpenters. $3 5«.» day.
3'« painter*, all round n;en. $3 50 day.
<> j*i*Thang«-rs, (Z M day.
I glaz«r, $3 60 day.
MURRAY & READY.
C3l-«36 Cay Et.
COOK and wife for lumber co.; boss at our
office.
3 Italian laborers, factory. '2 day.
Butier and cheese maker, $35 found.
S carper. ters' heiptja, city, $2 to $2 50 day.
5 rough carpenu-re. city jc>b, $<3 month.
MURRAY it READY.
MAN and wife for hotel. New Mexico; old
ni&n to care for place; farmer and wife, no
objection to on*- child. $35 and found; clay
taijy#rer, {2 to ?2 —5 day; dairyman, $35
and found; rt «taurant second cook. $S0;
oj-stcrros-n. $45; lunch counter man. $40;
hotel waiter country. $30: dishwashers, and
other*. J. F. CEOeETT ts. CO.. 62» Sacra-
DM nto «-
ANDKE*JJ OFFICE. 317 STOCKTON ST.
Re-lief cook. French. 570; second cook. $45;
regetatOeaaa, hotel. fti5 and found: (Jlsh-
wather. restaurant. $3u: head gardener, pri-
vate riace. near city. $40; assistant garden-
ers. $3f>. etc.
WANTED — 4 Sw^Uifb or German woodchop-
[¦er*; also man and wife. $35. Apply to
MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter St.
A — HOTEL GAZETTE. 2S Montgomery, r. 12.
Pcrter, country hotel. $25, fre« fare; store-
kwjier. city hotel.
__ _ _
Mer to learn the b*rber trade In two months
end secur* good positions; catalogue and fu!l
Information mailed free. MOLER System
College. 635 Clay rt.
WANTED — Competent salesman for lubricating
greases and oil?; mwt be experienced; ail
applications must state age. salary required,
giving references; confidential. Address box
4427. Call of See.
V.".\N"7ED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Roikin, Reno House proprietor, has
add*** iiiO new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third ft.; 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
YOUNG mm everywhere, copy letters home
ev-enlaec: $3 SO we*k. Send addressed en-
leloj* for particular*. Manager I>?pt. S4, box
lilt, Philadelphia. Pa.
WANTED — Ycur:g man. take ca«h restaurant;
? <:| » m- sth ar.d N>ar<3; must have $250; no
rxr-ir>nr* : rare chance. N. Y. BUS. EXCH..
.:, Mason Ft>~-
%v ANTED — A stror.c yr-ung nun about 17 or
IS years cM for Ftock clerk. dry goods
hcuse. Address R. S=. £: CO.. box 4100, Call.
BOT wanted — Between 12 and 16, as assistant
'I r. ivir.g-pkture curator. Address M. P.
MANN, ku 4357, Call offlc*.
C<>AT «p^rat<(tT wanted for steady work;
»ar»* no object. S. N. 'WOOD *: CO.. 27
<5*ary Ft.
WANTED — Yocr«r men frw whaling cruise.
AjtIv Humboldt House. 7* Jaokson st.
MECHANIC wanted for mo^el and instrurnert
work, <X> First «t.. tcp floor.
FOR a*Jc — Five-chair barber shop. Apply 137
Sixth eU
— Voang amm, 20 years old. In real
entate «jffW. J0o7»i Market ft., room 1.
H/LF $r.ter«st in first-class barber shop for
f *'.*¦: si-knes*. K. T. 7... 411 Devisadero *t.
"WANTED — Bugler; *t*amship Sonoma. Apply
(-*• "Tj<5 steward, pier 7.
SHIPPING, receiving and cost clerk for ma-
«-ntti'? %Yt<>p: tt*te experience. Box 4039. Call.
SHOEMAKER wanted. Apply at 305 Thtrd
F'reet.
__
BOY wanted in drue store. 4»9 Cough st.
\TANTEI>— Man ter.d office and collect: $60
month: V-,~-> JfTTTHit 33 Uaion. roum 3.
BAROEJS.5. attention! For sale — Complete out-
fit "f 30 porcelain tub b&ths, with water
heater. £28 Ercadtvay.
BARBEF.S— 3-chair shop for sale downtown.
Ari-ly FTOLTZ. 723 Market *t.
BARETR wanted— Steady. €10 Fourth St.. San
ItEfael.
FIR «tie — On»-h*ir Interest «n good barber
shes; bargain. 1547 Mission st.
FOR nit — 5-cfcair barbfr shop. Apply 137
Sixth tt.
HALF Interest in barber shop. 611 Ccrnraer-
ciaJ et.
GOVERNMENT portions — Ca!l at room 14.
fifth Socr. 305 Larkin rt., fcr free information
at to r'ortticna, salaries, age hrr.iu. etc. ; Cay
or. eve alas*. I
TRY tot rnen'« shoes, ur.ien made, at $1 anJ
$1 50 i-alr; foct-form shots at $2 50; we psy
cxpi »bi* cr mall charges. 11 3d st.. Ezatn. bid.
TTAXTED — Non-union lathers. Address,
LATHER. Ecx 1081. Cell ofHcc. Oakland.
X>r.*!on Atty.. E. A. Bunts, r. iO. Fbelaa bWf.
Part Cera. Geo. EL Thomas Pest, G. A. n.
MAN to <3o Janitor work for tuition in S. F.
Barber ScbocU 741 Howard et.
TOITNG men esilors. blacksmiths, carpenter*,
green hanris. for eh:p*. Herman's. 27 i-teuart.
V.INCIIESTKR Hotel. 41 Third «t.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rcoins: 35c c?ght; readlas-rooais;
free *bcs and bass^se to cad frctn ferry.
ALL Bizes taafm shoes, slightly" damaged, half
price. SCS MUs'ca St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET ycur th.es nalf-scled while •waiting; 25c
to 60c. 5C3 !:¦!--. «.n St.. bet. 1st arid Zd sts.
HORSES AXD WAGONS.
HEGULAH tuction sales cf horses, bupries.
wuKCnc end harness every Monday at 11
o'clock at C15 Eili* st-; all r>ors«« guaranteed
to be a* represented. S. WATKIN3. Auc-
tioneer. Pfecne Hast 743.
AtrCTICN rale cf horses every Wednesday at
II «. rn.. ZZ7 Sixth it.: every horse must be
at represented cr money refunded. JOHN J.
DOTLE. Aacticrctr.
f75— SAY mare: good driver; alco good under
suddle: must be so!d at once. Apply to L.
J. MOHAN, £121 Shattuck ave.. opposite
Uerkeley Elation.
SAN FKANCISCO Veterinary College — Next
fission bejrins Jcne <!. Catalogs by applying to
DR. E, J. CKnELEY. 510 Golden Gate are.
T(~>R. SALE — A mare « year* old; good driver
cad z- •¦'*¦ Sox 27CC Call cfOce.
b'i HCAI> ; o'-r»« etock. 7 to 14 months old.
AVSAy J. LEirSIC, 1421 Bncbasaa st. 1
REAL ESTATE — CITY— l'OU SALE.
SPECK &. CO.. .
200 MONTGOMERY ST.
Opp. entrance lo Mills building.
HEAL ESTATE AGENTS.
Setlins. • ,/ • Leasing.
Rents Collected. Insurance.
GRAND DOWNTOWN CORNER.
$210,000— Vicinity Powell and -Ellis • sts.; , 2
corners; 6 stores and Hi rooms; almost
100 ft. frontage; can be leased for J1475
per month; 7 1-3 per cent net invest-
ment.
12 PEIi CENT NET INVESTMENT.
S100.UU0 — Rents JOtJOO annually; cash secured
lease; no better tenant: modern build-
• Inc; lot 53x137 :«• ft. ;' Investing S5o,W>
cash and assuming bank mortgage of.
{50,000 at' 554 PVr cent pays 12 per
Lent net.
137:0x137:6 FT. CORNER.
$00,000 — 137:0 ft.: corner Golden pate ave.:
substantial Improvements; always
rented; fM, tH.it> mortgage n .Vj per cent
v per annum can remain; selling on ac-
count o( owner's departure to Europe;
reasonable offer entertained.
$12,500 CASH ONLY.
$37,MX> — Bank mortgage $25,OW>; Eddy St.,
near Larkin; tS»:0xio7:6; rents $215;
positively must be sold. ...
POLK-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
i $25,000 — Stores and apartments; 40 ft. front;
rents $l»0; pays over 7 per cent net.
HAYES ST.
$24, COO — Hayes st.. near Laguna; lot 37:6
frontage; 2 frontages; rents $185; want
offer; selling en account ot owner's
departure for Europe.
POST-ST. BARGAIN.
$18,500— Lot 62:0x124 ft.; 2 frontages; east of
Flllmore st.; Improvements/ in first-
r . ' cla«3 order; rents $14u; bank mortgage
of $10,000 can remain.
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT.
$10,500H-OFarrell St., east of Van Ness ave.;
pays $10 per cent net by assuming
$<HMX> bank mortgager rents $115; lot
27:6x120; 2 frontases; cheapest buy
east of Van Ness.
$13,r.0O — Modern flats near Flllmore and Wal-
ler sts.; rents $122; let 50 ft. frontage.
BUSINESS CORNER.
$5,500 — 2 stores and 4 flats; corner north of
Market st. ; 43:6 ft. frontage; yearly
rents $0C6; paying 11 % per cent.
BIG INTEREST PAYING FLATS.
$25,000 — Corner; Western Addition; rents
$230; lot 37:<3xS5: splendid new -butld-
i lB «- >
$22,5«> — One-half block from Market St.;
rents $171; fine improvements; lot 75x
100.
$19,000— Annual rents J21S3; Golden Gate
Park; modern bay-window flats; lot
50x137:6-
$13,500 — Rents $1440 yearly; 4 new Hats near
Park Panhandle; lot 37:6x112:6.
$10,000— Two beautiful Post-st. flats, close
to Gourh; 30 ft. frontage; always
rented; yearly rents $000.
$9.250 — Rents ?96 50; business property near
Sixth and Harrison sts.; Jot has 2
frontases.
$G,OCO — Vicinity of Ninth and Mission: 3
flats; rents ?56; building In first-class
condition; lot 21:0x84:5.
SPECK & CO..
, 209 MONTGOMERY ST.
FOR SALE.
Beautiful well-built cottage of 7 rooms,
bath and fine basement; brick foundation;
close to 4 lines of cars; see .the owner; call
before neon. 223 Third ave.. Richmond Dis-
trict.
$10,850; cash $2000; 3 swell flats nof" yet com-
¦ pleted. but rented for $12C0 per year; Seventh
ave. boulevard, 7CO-2-4. near Fulton St.; 16
minutes from City Hall: all night car serv-
ice; every possible latest improvement. In-
cluding bitumintzed street; 25x120. Apply on
premises from 2 to 5.
$1.25 PER WEEK, no interest. Lots in the
Excelsior Homestead Tract; all level, no
grading to do: ready to build your little home
on; close to electric cars ar.d school.
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery St.. Room 5.
BUILDING CONSTHfCTION COMPANY.
INSTALLMENT HOMES. 512 Callaghan bid.,
will build on your property of buy you a lot;
$S a month pays principal and Interest on
each $1000 of balance due. making your in-
stallments less than rent: send for circular.
$2700— HOUSE." C r. and b.. with stable; 4020
20th st.: small payment down, bal. like rent.
S12CK) — For 2 cottapca on 37:6 ft. of
ground; rents $S tionth each: Arlington St.
D. COFFIN & CO., 2Z0.1 Mission st.
$3500—2 NICE flats on Sanchez «t., n?ar 2Dth;
high basement, brick foundation, nice barn
and driveway; sanitary plumbing. Box
42«r7. Call office.
BUILD on your unimproved realty: ws loaa
full cost Ireprov. and part lot at 8 per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker bunding.
12-ROOM houre must be sold for mortgage.
S04 Ellis. '
LATEST system sanitary plumbing by AHL-
BACH & MAYER, plumbers. W3fl Howard.
REAL ESTATE Conntry For Sale.
FOR sale — Country homes In every county In
California, at all prices, from $450 00 to
$75,000 00. Immense list to select from. If
you want land of any kind call on
HOWE & MERRITT.
952 Broadway. Oak la nd.
$lf> A MONTH buys a 10-acre farm.
$200 -,Toflt per annum per acre.
Write for booklet It's free 603 J st
WRIGHT & KIMBROUGH. Sacramento, Cal.
FOR sale — 52 acres. Including hay crop now
growing: 3 hcurs by R. R. from S. F. ; ca*h
cr exchange town lot; value $20CO. S. H.
TAIJR, room 217. Parrott building.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards: inspected bargains: monthly ?ata-
lo^ues sent free. C. M. WOO3TER CO., 61.S
Market st.
TVMIWRITE^ A\D SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Smith Premier. $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 30. The
Typewrltir.z Exchange, 53C California st.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars of L.A M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont,
gomery st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co.. SOS Market.
DIVIDE.\D NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Mercantile Trust Company
of San Francisco. Dividend No. 3 of three
dollar* per share will be 'payable at the of-
fic* r>f the corporation. 464 California St.. San
Francisco. April 1. 1904. Transfer books will
close March 24. 10O4.
JOHN D. McKEE. Secretary.
BAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Home BulM-
ing Society. Sth floor. Mutual Savings Bank
building. 70S Market St., opposite Third—
For the half year ending 31st of Decemb-r
1903. a dividend has been declared at th*
rate per annum of (12) twelve per cent oa
capital stock j and participating certificates,
free of tazes. payable en and after SATUR-
DAY. January 2. l»04. JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARD. Manager HUGH CRAIG. Secretary.
ALAMEDA ADVERTIS'MENTS
ALAMEDA IIE.VL. ESTATE. ,
$325^) — A RARE bargain; chance of a life-
time. t*o beautiful, up-to-date, modern C-
room flats on Clinton ave. ; bay frontage;
beautiful marine view; elegant surf bathing:
bathhouses, etc.: this is a rare chance- don't
overlook it. HAMMOND & HAMMOND 14"**
. Parkjst: » ¦ .
A— $2G0O; LOT 5Sxll4. on Park st.. with fine
cottage of 6 rooms: beautiful grounds- with
furniture $3000. See R. G. WILKE,' 26H
Kearny st.
ALAMEDA FUH.MSHED HOUSES.
FIVE-ROOM house and bath: convenient to
, bcth stations. 1526 Bay st.. Aiameda. - ,
BERKELEY AD VERT'S'M-NTS
BERKELEY ItEAL ESTATE.
A. MURDOCH & CO.. South Berkeley station.
for bargains: we bulM. buy, gelt cr wehact*.. j
OAKLAND AD VERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAK1.AXD REAL ESTATE. '
$250 CASH. $3 75 monthly: double cottage of 4
nice. rooms, bath and pantry; grand well of
- coft spring water; Al sandy. loam; youns
fruit trees, flowers, Loganberries, raspberries
and blackberries; chicken house and barn
and chicken run; 2 lots, CoxlOO. all fenced:
no cold wind or. fog; near electric- car line,
school, church, postoffice and large hall; sec-
tion new. but nicely settled up; price, $1200
in all. Call or send for circular, 435 Seventh
st.'. opp. Broadway station. Oakland; ? car-
riage free. H. 2. JONES, owner. *¦¦¦•,
OAICUAXD -JFKR^iZHSS^ZPJSL^iS
TO-MORRC W the day for bargains In furnl-
. iure .H., Sche!haa*.ll th st.. cor. store. Oakland.
MOSEY TQ-^OAX.^
A A A— HERMAN' MUKPHT.
GOl-WE-GOS Examiner Building.
Quick fettltments: no disappointments.
Save esper.fes by dealing Jirc-ctly.
Estafs. second mcrisages. undivided inter-
ests: aaiifrr.rnentt of rents; property in trust,
etc.: lr;g;acl*s, life estates and undivided tn-
tercsta :n cropaty uurchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You N'fed Monty.
See HERMAN MURPHY. ,
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANT (INC.).
CONTROL »1. 000. 000.
RKAL ESTATE LOANS.
INTEREST 0 PER CENT.
FIRST. SECOND AND THIRD MORTGAGES.
CITY AND OAKLAND.
COUNTRY AND TOWN PROPERTIES.
ESTATES IN PROBATE.
UNDIVIDED INTERESTS IN KEAL ESTATE.
REAL ESTATE IN TRUST.
107-8-g-10.il. CROCKER liUILDING. S. F.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
1st. 'Jd or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, in city, town
or country.
Low rate of interest.
Give full particulars
cf property or chattels.
Location, etc.
Box 40S. Call Office.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants. teamst*rs, boarding-houses, without
security: easy payments; laree business In
4<5 principal cltie3. Tolrran, 553 Parrott bid*-
ANY amount quickly on furniture or piano,
without removal or other security; no com.:
fairert rates; strictly confidential. National
Credit Co.. CS D&nohoe bldg.. 1170 Market st.
HIGHLY resoectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamond*, jewelry, at -
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
84C Market; tel. Main 1044. Branch. 13 Talrd.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
r.o commission; no publicity; 325 up; quick
quiet., ccnfldential. 2(i Montgomery at., rin. 7.
MONEY" lo loan on low Interest: «cold, ellver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S, 10 Sixth »t.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave..
LOANS FROM *1 TO ilO.OOO. ¦
NEW ea.«y method — To w*Re earners on unln-
dorsed notes: absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company, rooms 4S-49, Chronicle bldy.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture, indorsed notes and other security. S. F.
Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bldc-
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; strict
privacy:no commission; installments accepted.
BONELLI, 301 Eddy. Conservatory building.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 538 Kearny.
31 ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81, 6 Eddy st.
1 PER c«nt on furniture or piano. 1003 Mutual
Savings Bank building. 703 Market st.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R. 311 Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
indorser. MORELL. COO Examiner building.
| ' —
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
BARGMNTTx^SE^O^n>H^CN^^lA7?oT^S
FOLLOWS:
Two Steinway, one Chickering, one Sterling,
one Haincs Dros.. two Steck. one Steinway
grand and one £teck grand; also many other
piance from $75 up and square pianos from $10
up. all fully guaranteed.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O Farrell st.
A CLEARANCE sale of upright pianos from
$50 up; greatest bargains ev*r offered In San
Francisco; all makes. We rent upright
pianos for $2 per month; new at $3 per
month; all money paid applies on purchase.
Heine Piano Co.. 235-U37 Geary st. Oakland
sddress 1252 Broadway.
THE pianos of the lat» OTTO BENDIX, con-
sisting ot Knabe grands and Kohler & Chase
uprights, all purchased last June, are of'
fered for sale at a large sacrifice. Apply at
once to MRS. OTTO BENDIX. California
Conservatory. 1323 Sutter st., cor. Franklin.
ONLY piano house in the city that will rent
you" a new plane for $3 per month and allow
G months' rent and cartage oft purchase
price; sole agents for McPhali. Schiller and
other makes. SCOTT-CURTA7., SCO Hayes.
SPLENDID new Ludwif piano for sale at
bargain: Instrument pcarcely b*en used:
$325; $200 down and rest at 10 per cent per
month. H. DOYLE. 1023 Market st.
A FEW unredeemed storage pianos (also furni-
ture) will bi sold to pay storage dist cheap.
WHITEHEAD'S storage. 1C3<} Market at.
SMALL pianos for small apartments: great
tone; rent or sale. . Byron Mauzy. 3OS Post st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $0 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ.& CO., 16 McAllister st.
3-PEDAL Steinway up. ;Ch!ckcring baby grand;
Shonlnper. little used. KeefTe's. 2S5 O' Farrell.
IF you want bargains come now; pianos al-
most giv»n away. Hornung. 216 McAllister.
A FISCHER uprieht piano for sale; good as
new; $1.'JT>. 237 Geary st.
fc'OHMER, Byron Mauzry pianos. Cecilian piano
playr. BYRON MAUZY. SOS -3 12 Post st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call,
16 pages. !n wrapper.for mallintr. $1 per year.
PERSONALS.
A fresh, smooth and young looking face.
With & real, genuine "baby skin."
Don't forgflet the name, M. ELLA HARRIS.
The number, 781 O'Farrell St., *iear Larkin.
Call or write for book, free,
"Hints on Beauty."
Al SUITS to order at $1 weekly. We have
contracts with leading houses to take ail
t'r.'-ir short ends, caJled remnants. We make
you a fine suit on installments cheaper than
others do fcr cash. LEON LEMOS, merchant
tailor. 1127 Market St., bet. 7th and 8th.
GRADUATES of New York School of Massage
Osteopathy; vapor and electric baths; face
vibrating machine for rheumatism; genuine
tebe, hot and cold water; trained nursed as
attendants. . Prof, and Mrs. Morris, 110 Taylor
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves its growth, stops falllng.cures dandruff
and Itching scalp: no stain of stickiness;
cleansfs scalp :at druggistB', hairdressers' ;ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.,133S Polk
A — Microtine. a positive cure- for catarrh, cold
in the head, hay fever, headache and all
bronchial affections; send for free- sample.
MOUNTAIN TEA MEDICINE CO., 272 9th.
Cancerous lumps, sores, impure blood (affecting
skin, mcuth. bones, etc.). speedily cured b>'
skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Qentral
Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drug dls-
m»s /positively cured by Willow Bark Co..
S12 Shotwell; consultation free; call or write.
HAIR grown gray restored; pimples, wrinkles,
all blemishes removed: shampooing specialty.
MME. ROUME. 231 Post, parlors la and It.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and troosers at CHARLES LYONS' London
Tailor, 721 Market st. --
SOCIAL dances Wed.. Thurs., Sat. and Sun.;
classes* Mondays, Fridays. Louise Foster's
School of Dancing. 1550 Market, nr. Larkin.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
elec. needle. Dr. and Mrs. Travers. 1170 Mkt.
SUITS to order on installments of $1 per week.
NEUHAUS & CO. (Inc.). tailors. 729 Market.
iilQUOR habit cured in two days or no charge.
ACME LIQUOR CURE CO., 097 Market st.
Actlna restores lost eyesight ;cures deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA Co.. 3524 . 19th. nr. Valencia.
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist. 3C9 .Set-
ter, r. 600. Miss Eaton, 233 Geary, room - 2S.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs-
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
TAILOR-MADE «uit $7 50; dress pants t2 50.
Mitflt Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color. SI: at all druggists'.
« PALMISTRY.
MADAM DEVAS.
PALMIST AND ASTROLOGIST. LIEBES
BUILDING. 183 POST ST.
H. JEROME FOSELL1. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor st.. near Geary. Phone Black 561.
PARTXERS WANTED. .
ADVERTISER would like to join man in
smalt mail order business with office. Box
4304. Call office. .
PHYSICIANS AXD SIRGEOXS.
DR. C. C. O'DpNNELlXoffice andresldfence]
1021% Market st.. bet. Cth and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women. -
BLOOD skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073^ Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONG ~HIM. herb doctor:
treats all diseases of the human body: for
past four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at 6G7 Geary st., near Leaven worth.
DR. TOXG PO CHY. successor to Dr. LJ Po
. Tal. herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st. ,
(Tuesday), at »:CO o'clock, from the parlors
of James McMenomey St Son 1057 Mission
street, near Seventh:, thence to St. Brendan's
Church, where a requiem high mass will
be celebrated fcr the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holr
Cross Cemetery.
GRANT— In this city. March 21. 1904. Adam
Grant, son of Alexander and Margaret Grant
of Sutherlandshlre. Scotland, aged 7« years.
t7"Frtends are Invited to attend tb«
funeral services Wednesday. March 23. at
9:45 o'clock, at his late residence. 1112 Busa
street. Interment private. Mountain View
Cemetery. Please emit flowers.
HAWKINS— In this city. March IS. 10C4. Den-
nis, beloved husband of the late Cath*rtn*
Hawkins, and father of Mrs. Mary Gray
and Barney Hawkins, a natrve of County
Galway. Ireland, aged 55 years. A mem-
ber of Riggers' and Stevedores' Union. Local
No. 222.
CT'Fr.ends and acquaintances ar* respect-
fully Invited tt> attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from th» parlora
of McFadden. McBrearty & Green. 1171 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth,
thence to St. Joseph's Church, where ser-
vices will be held at 1:30 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HOLGERSEN — In this city, March 21. 1904.
at the parents' residence. 2S52 Twenty-flrst
street, corner of Treat avenue, Edward U..
beloved son of William J. and Julia Uolger-
sen. a native of San Francisco, aged 2 years
and 6 months.
KOEPF— In this city. March 20. 1304. John
Jr., eldest and dearly beloved son of Joh.3
and Ellse Koepf. and brother of Dora. Fred.
Hilda and Marie Koepf. a native of San
Francisco, aged 15 years 3 months and 2
days.
C7Triend» and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the resi-
dence cf his parents. Vlaitacion Valley, near
the Six-MHe House. San Bruno road. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
LIND— In this city. March 20. 19O4. E. V..
beloved wife of Joseph Llnd. daughter of B.
I'., and Mary Brown, and sister of Jo* and
Mary Brown, a native of Nevada, aged 24<
years 6 months and 11 days.
McNAUGHTON— In this city. March a. 1904.
Elizabeth Charlotte McNaughton. beloved,
wife of James McNaughton, and sister of
Mrs. John R. Smith and Mrs. Annt« Smith,
a native of Kelso, Scotland.
ET'ThV funeral will take plac« from h»r
late residence. 1512 Franklin street, to-mor-
row (Wednesday), at 11 o'clock. Interment
M ,-ur.i Olivet Cemetery- Pleas« omit Cowers.
MOORE— In Oakland. Cal. March 21. 1904.
at 513 Walsworth avenue, Robert Moore, be-
loved husband of Mary A. Moore, and father
¦ of Laura C. Moore, a native of Maine.
MURPHY— In this city. March 20. 1904. Rob-
ert Murphy, a native of Denver, Colo., aged
33 years.
MURPHY— In this city. March 17. 1904.
Michael Murpby, a native of County Mona-
ghan, Ireland.
NIEBLING— In this city. March 22. 1904,
Sophie, beloved wife of Henry Niebllng.
mother of Henry Jr. and Byron Nlebling,
and sister of Mr*. Henry W. Schuster, a na-
tive of Germany, aged 43 years S months
and 7 days.
OWENS— In this city. March 20. 1004. Hannah
Helen, beloved daughter of Mr. B. and the
late P. Owens, and sister of R. J . M. A..
It. C. and E. J. Owens, a native of Saa
Francisco.
C7"The funeral will take place to-day
(Tuesday), at 8:43 o'clock, from her late
residence. 12S3 Tenth avenue «Suaset>.
thence to St. Agnes Church, where A re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repos« of her soul, commencing at ft :3d
o'clock. Interment Holy Cr&ss Cemetery.
PEDRINI— In Camp Taylor. Cal.. March 2t>.
1904. Maria Pedrtni, beloved wife of Angelj
Pedrinl. and mother of Adelina. Teres*.
Georgina. Erslglia and Katie PeUrtni, a na-
tive of Corsasna, province at Lucca, Italy,
aged 29 years.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-mcrrow
• Wednesday), at 12:3© o'clock, from the un-
dertaking parlors of Iaccbert. Duclos A Co..
€29 Broadway, between Dupcnt and Stock-
ton streets, thence to St3. Peter and Paul's
Italian Church, corner Filbert and Dupont
streets, for services. Interment Italian Cem-
etery (vault).
RKAD — The remains of Charles Read. who
entered into rest March 11. l:»l. will be re-
moved from the receiving vault Tuesday.
March 22. at 2 p. m.. and buried In th«
family plat at Holy Cross Cemetery.
ROBERTS— In this city. March 21. 1904.
Lillian Anna, beloved daughter of WiTHais
and Myrtle Roberts, and granddaughter cf
Mrs." E. Harbin and Mrs. E. Robcrtj, a na-
tive of can Francisco, aged 4 years 9 months
and SI days.
CT'Frienda ard acquaintance* ar« respect-
fully inv'ted to attend the funeral tomorrow
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from the chapel
of Julius 3. Godeau. ,X5 Montgomery ave-
nue. . Interment Cypress L»wn Cemetery.
ROWLAND- In this city. March 13. W04.
Anna Maria, wife of Samuel Rowland, and
beloved mother of George A.. Florence. ' E.
and Elmer M. Rowland, a native of Sants>
Clara. Cal.
, ICTFrlend* and acqeaintanres are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral •ervic«a
Tuesday. March 22. at 2 o'clock, at Bunker
tc Lunt's undertaking parlors. !*'>¦; Mission
street. Interment Wednesday, at Sao Clara.
RCGGLES — In this city. March 21. 1KO4. Efevld
Wright, beloved husband of Anna E. Rug-
fries, and father cf D. W. Jr. and Carolina
Ruggles. a native of Louisiana, a«ed 01
years 2 months and 13 days.
RUSSI— In this city. March 21. 1904. Rcsa.
dearly beloved and only daughter of Wil-
heim and Rc«a Kussi. . and loving sister of
Edward, Fred and Joseph Wettstein. a, na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 10 months and
G days.
C7Friend^ and acjuaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the- resi-
dence of the parents. 3 Treat avenue, betwwi
Thirteenth and Fourteenth streets. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SAXTON— In Alameda. Cal.. March 2t>. 1!*V|.
Edith Ellxa Saxton. beloved daughter of Wil-
liam and Eliza Saxton. anr^ s>«ter of Fredi
and Albert Sa.xton and of Mrs. Ben Beynon.
Mrs. C. Rlchter and Mrs. Paul Williams, a,
' native of Sheffield, Yorkshire, England. a*ed
16 years 7 months and 10 days.
E3" Friends and aco.ua tntancea are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-daT
(Tuesday >. at 2 o'clock, from the family
residence. 1571 Railroad avenue. Interment
Evergreen Cemetery.
SHARRER— In Oakland. Cal.. March 21. 1304.
at 8€5 Sycamore etreet. Sarah C beloved
wife of George W. Sharrer. and mother ot
Mrs. C F. Gurllck and F. M.. H. L.. G. A.
and E. D. Sharrer. a native of Maine, aged
«4 years H months and 23 days.
SHATTUCK — In this city. March 20. 1904.
David Dustln. beloved husband of Phoeba
( Jane Shattuek. an* father of Fran* B* Shat-
tuck. Mrs. W. F. Holmes. Mrs. B. B. Ket-
logsr and Mrs, Robert II. Henebome. a na-
tive of New ' Hampshire, aged 73 yeuja t
months and 20 days.
E7"Frtenda are invited to attend th»
funeral services to-day 'Tuesday). March)
2 at I o'clock, at the Richmond Congre-
gational Church, corner Clement street aad !
Seventh avenue. Interment private.
STECHER— In th« city, March 21. 1304. at
his residence, 317 Minna street. Kried-
rlch Joseph, dearly beloved son of El»-
nore and the lat» Phillip Stecher. brother of
the late Edward and Otto Stecher, an 1
nephew of Mrs. A. K. Weber ot San Jose,
a native of New Haven, Conn., ag«d 4(J years
2 months and 20 days.
STARASINIC— In this c!ty. March 21. 1904.
Nicholas Starasmle, a natrve of Austria,
aged 2* rears.
STEVENS— In this city. March 21. 1904.
George Stevens, a native of Finland. age£
76 Tears. '
C7 Remains at Charles J. E. Metx!er*9 un-
dertaking parlors. 634 Washington street.
TALBOT— In this city. March 21. 1304. at th»
residence. No. 3 Victor street. Agnes, be-
loved infant daughter of Edward and Mary
Talbot, a native ot San Francisco, aged l»
days.
WALTER— In tnls city, March 21, 1004, H»t-
man A., beloved husband of the late Maria
Walter, and father of Herman. Frank.
Henry and Edward Walter and Mrs. J. Cal-
lan. a native of Germany, aged 54 years 11
months and 14 days.
C7Frlend» and acquaintance* art respect-
fully invited t» attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from th« parlors
of Gantner Bros.. 1209. Minion street, be-
tween Eighth and Ninth streets. Crema-
tion 1. O, O. F. Cemetery.
ZUPAR— In this city. March a. 1904, at his
residence, 1CS Tehama street. Captain
Vincent N. Zppar, dearly beloTed trasband
of Ernestina Zupar. and dearly twloved
father of Vincent N., Victor and William
Zupar and Mrs. L. Louwart. a native of
Istria. Austria, aged Ci years 11 months and
16 days. (Eastern and foreign papers please
copy.)
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrorw
(Wednesday), at 12 o'clock, from Ms lat»
residence. 163 Tehama street, between Sec-
end and Third, thence to Austrian Hal). SOT
Sutter street, whers services will b« held
under the auspice* of the Austrian Military
and Benevolent Association. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery-
Moxey Case Postponed.
The application of the attorneys for
Mrs. Gage H. Moxey for an order re-
storing her to competency, which was
set for hearing In Judge Hebbard'a
court yesterday morning, was Indef-
initely postponed because of the fail-
ure of Drs. McGettisan, Rethers,
Wadsworth and Lustisr to appear with
a report as to her mental condition.
The physicians desire more Ura« la
which to examine Mrs. iloxagr.United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time Hml Hel K ht of 'High and I*>w Waters
| nt Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Kay. Published by official authority of the
-.. Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the oily front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide la tho name at both places. ¦ ¦ . --..
TUESDAY. MARCH 22. .
Sun rises ....6:11
Sun sets 6:23
Moon^nets .....11:42 p. m.
O Time iTlme Time Time
» Ft. I Ft. Ft. Ft.
* III W| . |LV H W| . |L. W
22 2:12 5.21 9:02 0.6 S:B0 4.0 8:63 2.7
.23 3:02 5.2 10:05 0.5 5:02 3.9 9:58 2.9
24 4:03 5.111:1.1 0.5 6:17 4.0 11:12 3.0
25 10:07 5.1 12:17 0.4 7:22 4.3 :..
L, W H W L. W H W|
20 0:27 2.0 «:22 5.1 1:18 0.2 8:20 4.6
27 1:38 2.fi 7:37 5.3 2:13 0.2 9:07 5.0
28 2:34 2.0 8:4. r 5.4 3:02 0.2 9:50 5.3
NOTE— In the above exposition of the. tides
the early morning tides arc given In. the. left
hand -column and the successive, tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth - tlmo column gives the . last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides. '; as
sometimes ; occurs. The heights - given are : Jn
addition to th* soundings of the. United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
gl£n precedes the height, and then the number
ARRIVED.
:V*v";; ' Monday, March 21.
Br stmr Coptic. Armstrong. 25 days 21 hours
and IT mln. from Hongkong, via Yokohama 13
day*. .13 ..hours. 14 . min,. via Honolulu 5 dayb
23 hours 43 mln.
Stmr Charles Nelson, GundSrson, 5 days
from Tacoma, bound for San Pedro, put In
for passengers.
Stmr Pomona, Swanson, 19 I hours from Eu
reka. •
Stmr Rosecrans, ¦ Johnson, 72 hours from
Portland.
Ger stmr Anubts, Relmers. 4 days from Vic
toria, put In to finish loading:
Stmr State of California, Thomas, 43 hours
from San Diego and way ports. • e. '
. Br ship County of Kinross, Collins, 148 days
from Antwerp. .
Bktn ¦ Tropic • Bird, s Agger, 31 days from
Tahiti. "
» Schr Balnbridge, Ingelbrutsen, 11 days. from
Tort Blakslejr. .
Shipping Intelligence.
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. . For. I Sails.
Dolphin Skajrway & Way Ports. Mar. 22
City of Seattle Skagway fc Way Ports. Mar. 23
Alkl Skagway & Way Ports. Mar. 25
Cottage City.. Skagway & AVay Ports. Mar. 28
Farallon..... Skagway & Way Ports. Mar. 29
Sun, Moon and Tide.
. The Rev. M. Slaughter discussed
"Pastors* Work" before the Baptist
Ministers' Association yesterday in the
Young Men's Christian Association
building.
The Napa Baptist Church invited the
association to meet in the church the
last Monday in April.
Dr. T. Hanvood Patterson's book on
"Public Worship" was reviewed before
the association by Rev. C. M. Hill.
At the Congregational Ministers' As
sociation meeting yesterday the heart
iest indorsement was given the work
of Dr. Campbell Morgan while he was
in this city last week. Rev. William
Rader presided and there was a large
attendance of members.
San Francisco district of the Epworth
League will hold its annual convention
Friday, Saturday and Sunday. March
25, 26 and 27, at the Methodist Episcopal
Church, Los Gates.
invited to make known to Dr. Larkin
the number of tickets they desire to
distribute among their respective con
gregations.
Soeder Is Arraigned.
Leon Soeder was arraigned before
Judge Cook yesterday on a charge of
murdering his brother-in-law, Joseph
Blaise, at Vallejo and Taylor streets on
Sunday night, January 10. He plead
ed not guilty and the Judge set the
case for trial on April 18. Soeder had
the same self-reliant air about him
that characterized his actions during
the preliminary hearing in the Police
Court-
The navy transport Solace arrived yesterday
from Manila. She brought home 209 short
time enlisted men, who will be paid off here;
14 lick, "1 prisoners and one straggler, a
member of the crew of the Supply, who was
lingering ashore when that .vessel sailed for
this port.
Among the other passengers were three of
ficers who will be taken to the Mare Island
Hospital for medical treatment. The names of
the invalida are Commander W. H. Beehler,
Lieutenant Charles Webster and Assistant Sur
geon L. W. BUhop.
After pabslng quarantine the Solace anchored
oft Folsoni-street wharf. Executive Officer A.
E Rogers then issued orders that only friends
of the officers be allowed on board. Lieuten
ant Rogers eaid he was "too tired to furnish
the newspapers with the usual information
about the passage." That there was some vir
tue in the executive officer's plea of weari
ness was evident from th« bedraggled appear
ance of the Solace. Her decks were dirty and
littered with rubbish. Her paint and luass
work wore the green and unmlMakablc symp
toms Of neglect. As the" vessel encountered fine
weather throughout the passage and had on
board more than four hundred enlisted men her
appearance was something of a surprise. The
"weariness" ¦ of Rogers, however, explains the
dirt and disorder and • accounts in a measure
for the desire to bar the gangway against all
but friends of the family.
The Solace left here December 17 with crews
for th? gunboat Wilmington and the 'monitor
Monterey and stores for the naval stations at
Honolulu, Guam and Cavlte. She delivered the
stores on the outward trip and after a rive
days' etay In Cavite proceeded to Hongkong,
where the" Wilmington and Monterey were sta
tioned She returm-d to Cavlte and rf-malncd
there until the' squadron had finished target
practice. She carried 67 sacks of mail across
Her passengers, other than enlisted . men,
¦were as follows :
a Passed Assistant Paymasters F. B. Colby and
W R Bowne. • Chaplain C. M. Charltfcn. Gun-*
ne'rs J. Shannon and L. E. Bruce, Machinists
E A. Bljackwell and C. ¦¦ L. Phtllpps. Com
mander W. H. Beehler. Lieutenant Charles
Wehster, Surgeon A. R. Wentworth. Assistant
Surgeon L. W. Bishop, First Lieutenant II: C.
Relslnger, Pay Clerks J.,Dircklnck and F. A.
«has*. Civilians E. B. Sweeney. B. Munro.M"
E Mitchell, C. : B. . Smith, F. J. Stephenson,
JdU*. tr. C. Sweeney and daughter. AIxs. . 1\ '
Xavy Transport Solace Arrives.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier. |
March 22.
C. Nelson... Los Angeles Ports. 2 pmlPier 20 :
Centralia... Los Angeles Ports. 4 pmlPier 10
Coronado... tlrnys Harbor .... 4 pmlPier 10
Elizabeth... Oiqullle River .'> pm Pier 20
Jennie Seattle & Tacoma. S pm Pier 20
Kmplre Coos Bay direct.. 5 pm Pier 13
March 23.
Pomona Humboldt l:30pPier ft
Siberia China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
G. W. Elder Astorli «¦ Portland 11 am Pier 21
March 24. j
Newburg... Grays Harbor 4 pm|Pier 10
Eureka Humboldt » ami Pier 13
State of Cal Sun Diego & Way. !) am Pier 11
Coos Bay... San Pedro A- Way. » am Pier 11
Sonoma Sydney & Way... 2 pmlPier 7
March 25. j
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom 4 pmlPier 10
Arcata Coos Bay direct... 12 m Pier 13
Anubls Hamburg & Way.. 12 m Pier 19
March 26. |
Colnn N. Y. via Panama, j 12 m Pier 40
Spokane.... Humboldt |l:30pPier 9
Senator Puget Sound Ports. Ill amIPler 0
March 27.
S. Rosa San Diego & Way. I 9 amlPier 11
March 28. j I
Oregon Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Bonita Newport & Way.. 0 am Pier 11
t March 30. j
Centennial.. -Seattle & Tacoma. \ 2 pm Pier 20
G. Lindauer Grays Harbor S pm Pier 10
March 31. I
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports 11 amlPler 9
April 2.
Alameda.... Honolulu '. ... 11 am Pier 7
Coptic China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
City Sydney N. Y. via Panama. 12 m| Pier -to
The rate of the schooner Ruth E. Godfrey,
previously reported for lumber from Hastings
Mills to a direct nitrate port. Is 42s 6d, and
not 12a CJ, as erroneously reported.
Charters.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's liner
Sierra arrived yesterday at Auckland. . The
Ventura galled from the New Zealand port
March 18 for San Francisco, i ' •
The Kosmos liner Anubls returned here yes
terday from Victoria to finish loading before
startins bp.ck for Hamburg.
The Pacific Mail Company's liner Korea
sailed yesterday from Yokohama, homeward
bound.
The British ship City of Kinross, which ar
rived ypRterday. 148 day* *-om Antwerp, wai
twenty-one days off Cape Horn battling with
heavy gates, in one of which she lost a num
ber of nails.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's liner So
noma, which has been undergoing an over
hauling on Hunters Point drydock. returned
yesterday to her berth at Pacific-street wharf.
Th« Sonoma sails at - 2 o'clock Thursday after
noon for Honolulu and th<? Antipodes. Th;
Britlsh-AUBtrallan mails arrived at New York
on time and arf due here Wednesday.
Frank Williams, a stevedore, fell through
the hatch of the freighter Nevadan's hold yes
terday and fractured his left arm.
The barkentinc Tropic Bird arrived yester
day, thirty-one days from Tahiti. During her
stay at the South Soa port Captain Jackson,
the vespers commander, dlfd after a brief ill
ness. The vessel was brought home by First
Mate Agger. -
Water Front Xotes.
TO SAIL
The Civil Service Commissioners at
their meeting last night disapproved
of the action of Registrar Adams in
refusing to recognize the board's list
of ordinary clerks in the appointment
of seven deputies in his office. TJie
Board of Election Commissioners will
be notified of the decision of the board
and a request will be made to have it
withhold its sanction of Adams' ac
tion in the matter. Despite a recent
decision by Judge Sloss in favor of the
original list of clerks as asrainst that
of J003 known as the consolidated list,
the board has declared itself In favor
of the latter and will recognize It un
til officially notified of the court de
cision.
Civil Service Commission Meets.
The name of the little Norwegian bark
Sappho disappeared yesterday from the over
due list, word having been received by M.
A. Newell that the vessel-had been abandoned
at sea. She was bound from Pernambuco to
Port Natal and 2."> per cent reinsurance had
been paid on l«»r. The Sapp-j was built in
1885 at Grimstad and was owned af Kragero,
Norway. She was registered 494 tons net. The
rate on the Clematis was advanced to 40 per
cent. The Zwlj^er Is quoted at 90 per cent
and the Englehom at 10 per cent.
The Overdue List.
EUREKA— Arrived Mar 21— Stmr Spokane,
hence Mar 20. Mar 20— Stmr Eureka, hence
Mar 10.
Arrived Mar 20— Schr Lottie Carson, from
San DIcko.
Sailed Mar 21 — Stmr Eureka, for San Fran-
PORT HARFORD — Sailed Mar 21— Stmr Bo
nita. for San Pedro.
SAN dlEGO— Arrived Mar 21— Fr bark Tur
got. from Hamburr. ... «- '
PORT IXW ANGELES— Arrived Mar 21—
Stmr Marshn.?ld. N from Redondo.
COOrt BAY— Arrived Mar 20— Stmr Alliance,
from Eureka Mar 2t— Stmr Arcata. hence
Sailed Mar 21— Stmr Alliance, for Astoria. .
BELLINGHAM— Sailed Mar 21— Bark Gen
eral Falrchlld. for Sydney.
ABERDEKN-Salled Mar 21— Schr R- C.
for San Pedro.
REDONDO— Arrived Mar 21— Stmr Whlttier. |
'"tnCOm'-V Arrived Mar 21 — Stmr Shawmut,
from Hongkong; bktn Makaweli. from Fort
T °GR\YS" HARBOR-Sallrd Mar 1»-Stmr
Centralia. for San Francisco.
TATOOSH— Passed out Mar 21— Schr Mln
dora from Port Townsend. for Shanghai:
•rhr' lohn G North, from Port Gamble, for
San Francisco: schr Meteor, from Port Gam
blp for San Pedro. •
Passed In Mar *M— Br stmr Wellington,
hence Mar IS. for Ladysmlth.
SAN PEDRO-Arrived Mar 21-Schr Ma
rion, from Port Ancelps. I 'J. ¦ ¦ LT
Arrived Mar 21 — Schr Lizzie Prlcn, from Co
''"fatled Mar ' 21 — Stmr Coronado, for San
Arrived Mar 21— Schr E. B.
Jackson, hence Mar 12.
ISLAM) PORTS.
HONOLULU— Arrived Mar 21— Ship Marion
Chllcott. hence Feb 27.
EASTERN PORTS.
* NEW YORK — Sailed Mar 19 — Stmr Arizo
nan, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN POUTS.
\CAPULCO— Arrived Mar 5— Br ship Cas
tleton. from Cardiff:
PUNTA ARENAS— Arrived Mar 2— Ger
stmr Neko, from Hamburg.
STANLEY— Sailed ¦ Feb 1«— Ger ship Em
11 ie for Port Los Angeles.
LONDON— Arrived Mar 20— Br ship Imber
h en Tsii OF OC WIGHT-Pa,s C .i Mar li^Sop
pojed) Br «hlp Blackbracs, hence Oct 11. for
k'cvtlLAO— Sailed Mar 17-^er stmr Her
monthiF for San Francisco. i
TBNKRIFFE— Arrived Mar 2O-Fr ship!
' Amlral Exelmans. from Santa Rosalia.
I AUCKLAND-Salled Mar lS-Stmr Ven
tura for San Francisco.
Arrived Mar 21— Stror Sierra, hence Mar U.
CAPE SPARTEL — Passed Mar 21 — Ger stmr
Verona, from New York, for Manila.
BRISTOL — Arrived Mar 21— Br ship Dun-
d °DUNGENESS—^Passed Mar 20— Br bark
Prter Iredale. hen<*e Oct 27. for Ipswich.
PENARTH— Sailed Mar 19— Fr bark Pierre
Lotl for Honolulu.
YOKOHAMA — Sailed Mar 21 — Stmr Korea,
for San Krenc'-sco.
GUAYMAS— Arrived Mar 20— Schr Alert,
from Grays Harbor. SSBf
DOMESTIC PORTS
POINT LOBOS. March 21. to p. m. — Weather
clear; wind SW. ; velocity 8 miles per h«ur.
TELEGRAPHIC.
SAILED.
Monday. March 21.
Stmr I'matilla, Patterson. Victoria and Port
Townsend.
Stmr Alcazar. Johnson. Port Harford.
Stmr Whitesboro, Oleen, Greenwood.
Schr Ida Schnauer, Brastlng. Port Gamble.
Schr Jennie Wand. Christiansen, Eureka.
Schr Abble, Larsen. Mendocino, in tow of
tusr Sea Rover.
Schr Sailor Boy. Olsen, Caspar, In tow of
tug Sea Rover.
Tug Sea Rover, Thompson. Mendocino and
Caspar, with schrs Abble and Sailor Boy In
tow.
Monday, March 21.
Btmr Umatilla, Patterson, Victoria and wty
ports, P C S 8 Co.
Bark Palmyra. Pettersen, Anacorte*. A P A.
Schr Fr«d E. Sander, Srenson, 7' days from
Grays Harbor.
CLEARED.
Captain Arthur O'Nolll, formerly in the
service of the White Etar line and lately first
officer of the steamship Doric, has been ap
pointed chief officer of the Pacific Mail Com
pany's liner Siberia. He succeeds Chief Offi
cer Sandberr. who will take command of the
steamship Colon. While at Panama the Colon
ran into the City of Sydney, damactnE her
stern, and Captain Irvine of the Colon has
been relieved of his command pending an in
vestigation of the collision. -
Pacific Mail Clinnges.
Steamer. | From. P"'-
Centralia I Grays Harbor Mar. 22
Edith ; Tacoma Mar. 22
Hero Oyster Harbor Mar. 22
Rainier Beattie & Whatcom... Mar. 22
Coronado San Pedro Mar. '22
Eureka Humboldt Mar. 2"_
Senator Puget Sound Ports.... Mar. 1-
Tltanla Nanalmo ¦• Mar. 22
Valencia Seattle & Tacoma. ..... Mar. 22
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orfora. Mar. 23
Tellus Oyster Harbor Mar. 24
Spokane Humboldt Mar. 24
City Sydney.. New York via Panama. Mar. 24
Santa Rosa. . . Pan Diego & Way Pts. Mar. 24
Jlonlta Newport & Way Ports. Mar. 25
Centennial... Seattle & Tacoma Mar. 25
Oregon Portland & Astoria.... Mar. 25
Amasis Hamburg & Way Pts. Mar. 25
G. Lindauer.. Grays Harbor Mar. 20
CltyPuebla... Puget Sound Ports Mar. 2T
Alaskan New Tork |Mar. 2T
Pomona Humboldt Mar. 27
Curacao Mexican Ports Mar. 28
State of Cal.. San Dl^go & Way Pts. Mar. 2S
Alameda Honolulu Mar. 2»
Coos Bay. San Pedro & Way Pts. Mar. 2»
G. W. Elder..! Portland & Astoria Mar. 30
Newport ' New York via Panama. Mar. 31
Umatllla I Puget Sound Ports Apr. 1
Jeanle I Seattle & Tacoma Apr. 3
TO ARRIVE.
Movements of Steamers.
Time Ball.
Branch HydroBraphlc Office, U. S. X., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
March 21. 1904. '¦
The Time Ball on the tower, of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
I. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at S
p. m. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant. U. S. K., In charge.
The Occidental and Oriental Steam
ship Company's liner Coptic, Captain
F. H. Armstrong, arrived yesterday
from the Orient with a few score of
passengers and a cargo of great value.
The freight included raw silk ! worth
nearly $500,000, and in the liner's treas
ure room were 5.000,000 Japanese gold
yen, valued at $2,500,000. This money Is
sent here partly for provisions and
other supplies received in Japan and to
be sent there, and Includes a large sum
to be transferred through New York
banks to the Argentine republic In part
payment for the two cruisers purchased
just before the war by Japan,
The Coptic brought 3151 tons of gen
eral merchandise. She was 25 days 2Hi
hours from Hongkong, 15 days 13^
hours from Yokohama and 5 days 23?4
hours from Honolulu.
The Coptic took from here a large
shipment of mess beef, part of a pur
chase made in this country by the Rus
sian Government. When she reached
Yokohama war had commenced, and at
the request of the consignees the beef
was carried on to Hongkong. On the
advice of the steamship company's
lawyers in this city, however, the beef
was not discharged at Hongkong, but
taken back and landed at Yokohama,
as provided in the bill of lading. The
beef was stored at the Japanese port
and Is still there awaiting the action
of the Government.
The Coptic's passengers included the
following named:
From Hongkong— Dr. A. Anderason. Master
E. Beattie. Mrs. M. L. Cannaday. C. K Davis.
Allan Greenwell. Dr. and Mrs. P. H. Lerrlffo,
L. J. Lindsay. Miss II. Tonner.
Shanghai— G W. Beecher. H. W. Houldlng.
C. J. Peoples. E. Week. B. Weil.
Nagasaki— Miss M. Jacobs.
Kobe— Mrs. T. Brown, Mrs. L. Lovejoy, H.
Chrl&teiwen. .. _ _ '
Yokohama— M. Bechaere, L. Beppu, C. H.
Browning, O. Gommerman. T. Kikuchi, X. Ku
bota. Captain J. £. Lea, N. Menzles, Mrs. N.
Menzies, O. Pollock. E. Rogers, A. W. Tret-
Honolulu— Mrs. Henry Blum. Miss M. Blum.
MaRter Paul Blum, Mrs. T. Nasrase and ser
vant, Thomas E. Ixjoney, Edward H. Wlnship,
Mrs. E. H. Wlnship, Miss Malsle Mather.
Captain Thomas D. E. Wilson of the Occi
dental and Oriental and Pacific Mall Steamship
companies is confined to his bed as the result
of a strain received Saturday. A pasnlng
truck tipped over a pile of merchandise which
would havp fallen on Wilson had he not put
out his right hand and held back the weight
until he had a chance to jump clear. The
falling bales missed him, but the exertion in
supporting thorn resulted In severely spraining
the muscles of the captain's right side, and
yesterday mornine he was unable to move.
Captain AVilson Injured.
Williams, Mrs. M. E. Mitchell and child. Mrs.
A. M. Skinner. Mrs. F. J. Stephenson. Mrs. R.
B. Ames Mrs. M. Maurer, A. W. Edmonson,
H. Trundle. S. Ekeland. H. Varjose.
given Is subtracted from the depth giv*n by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
The Republicans of the Sunset and
Richmond sections of the city are
getting ready for vigorous work in the
coming campaign. A large and en
thusiastic meeting of the Citizens' Re
publican Club (independent) of the
Thirty-ninth Asse/nbly District was
held last evening at Richmond Hall
with President Edwin T. McMurrav in
the chair. The principal business
transacted was the adoption of the
report of the committee appointed to
draft a constitution and by-laws.
The name of the organization was
changed to the Independent Citizens'
Republican Club. A proposition to
consolidate with the other Republican
organization in the district, the In
dependent Republican Club, was re
jected.
A resolution offered by Lyle H. Ped
lar indorsing the administration of
President Roosevelt and asking the
State convention to instruct its dele
gates to the National Convention in
his favor was adopted unanimously
| and with much applause. The next
I meeting will be held Monday evening,
j March 29.
Republican Independents of the Thir
ty-Ninth Assembly District Per
fect Their Organization.
PARTY WORKERS GETTING
IX LIXE *X)R CAMPAIGN*
BARKENTIXE TROriC BIRD WHICH ARRIVED YESTERDAY THIRTY-ONE DAYS FROM TAHITI IN COMMAXDOF FIRST
MATE AGGER CAPTAIN JACKSON WHO HAD COMMANDED HER FOR MANY YEARS. HAVING DIED AFTER BRIEF
ILLNESS DURING THE VESSEL'S STAY AT PAPEICTE. • I
Th» Matscn Navigation Company's steamer
Rosecrans, seventy-two hours out from Port
land, whither she went to deliver a cargo of
oil. arrived in i>ort yesterday afternoon look
ing much the worse from one of the severest
storms that has been felt alonz the coast for
many months. Captain Johnson reported that
his vessel left Portland Friday mornlngr about
4 o'clock and when about ten hours out she
encountered a terrific gale. For fourteen hours,
during which the Rosecrans was able to make
headway of only a mile an hour, the vessel
was tossed about on the raffing sea. The
wind was from the southeast and blew at a
rate of eighty miles an hour. Heavy seas
continually washed the decks fore and aft and
smashed several of the small boats and did
other damage above decks. For a time It was
feared that the Rosecrans would not weather
the storm, but the wind finally subsided and
the Ions looked for harbor or safety was soon
sirhted, much to the relief of all on board.
Among the Rosecrans' passengers were Cap
tain W. H. Patterson, a well-known Cotumbia
River pilot, and his wife, who came down to
this city on a visit. Captain Patterson stated
last evenlnc that the storm was one of th*
worst that he was ever in and that the vessel
survived it he attributed only to the fact that
she is an exceptionally seaworthy boat. The
ordinary time made by steamers between th*
two norts Is about fifty hours.
Weathers a Fearful Gale.
Convicted of Grand Larceny.
George H. Jamison was convicted by
a jury in Judge Dunne's court yester
day on a charge of grand larceny and
will be sentenced on Saturday. F. M.
Black, a Pullman car conductor, out
of friendship purchased Jamison's dis
charge from the army for $100 and
shared his room with him at 238
Powell street. On June 15, during
Black's absence, Jamison stole his
clothing, dress suit case and other
articles.
Regarding the transfer of the prop
erty and his connection with It Mr.
Solomon said: "I held Mrs. Bell's note
for $G200 for services rendered as her
attorney a;id Mrs. Pleasant's note for
$3000 for services rendered as her at
torney. To secure these notes Mrs.
Pleasant deeded me the property. After
deeding it she filed suit to recover on
the ground that it did not belong to her,
but to a niece of hers. It was proven
It did belong to Mrs. Pleasant, subject
to my claim.
•'Mrs. Bell then sued me, claiming
that Mrs. Pleasant had always held
the property in trust for her and had
no right to deed it to me. Judge Sewall
held it belonged partly to each, subject
to my claim, and either one had a right
to release by paying me my money.
The SuDreme Court upheld the decision
hnd to-day Mrs. Bell paid me what was
due and I gave her a deed to the prop
erty.
"In the meantime Mrs. Pleasant had
deeded the property to Fred Bell and
he in turn had deeded a one-half in
terest to Samuel Davis of Carson City,
Xev.
"Immediately upon receiving my deed
Mr?. Bell transferred the property to
John P. Overton. president of the Santa
Rosa Savings Bank."
It is now expected that Davis and
Fred Be!l will sue Mrs. Bell and Over
ton on the strength of the deed given
by Mrs. Pleasant and the wretch*.!
family skeleton of the Bell family may
once again be brought into court. The
show will lack its star attraction, how
ever, as Mrs. Pleasant has crossed the
borderland and will never again be a
conspicuous figure in the courtrooms.
The recording of two deeds yester
day afternoon marks the ending of one
long-pending suit and seems to throw
out the gauntlet for another in the
contests over the Bell estate. The first
ol the two deeds conveys certain prop
erty on Bush and Sutter streets, abut
ting on the famous "house of mystery,''
from Lucius L. Solomon to Teresa Bell.
1 he other conveys the same property to
J. I*. Overton. In both cases the mere
Jtgal consideration of $10 is mentioned,
although it is stated that the property
la worth at least $30,000.
SACRAMENTO, March 21.— Articles
of incorporation were filed with the.
Secretary of State to-day of the Pa
cific Steel Company, with its principal
place of business in San Diego. Its
purpose is to make iron, steel and
copper, to build and operate steam
ships, wharves, railroads and all kinds
of factories; to own all kinds of prop
erty and conduct any kind of lawful
business, and to own property of all
kinds and buy and sell the same.
The capital stock is $100,000,000, di
vided into 1,000,000 shares. Of this
$50,000,000 in value is in preferred
stock. The fees of the State upon the
filing of this certificate were $100 on
every $1,000,000 of capital. Accord
ingly Secretary of State Curry to-day
received with the articles of incorpora
tion a check for the sum of $10,000.
which he promptly cashed and turned
into the State treasury.
The directors of thla gigantic com
pany, popularly known as the Pacific
Steel trust, are Charles W. French 'of
Cleveland, OJiio, who subscribes for
499,990 shares of common and 5000
shares of preferred stock, aggregating
in par value 554,999,000. All the
others subscribe for one share each,
namely: A. A. Purman, U. S. Grant Jr.,
Homer H. Peters. George W. Fishburn,
Victor E. Shaw, W. S. Webb, all of San
Diego, and J. S. Torrence of Pasadena
and Harrison Gray Otis, J. E. Fish
burn and W. D. Woolwine of Los An
geles.
Ocrfrymrn <>f the evanselioaJ denom- j
inati.vrjs were out in force at their ;
weekly association gatherings yester- j
day. j
Tho Presbyterian ministers met in j
th? mOT-ning at the Prrsbytorian House, j
Sacramento strict, and listened to a |
well studied and interesting review on •
A. M. Fairbairn's "Philosophy of the j
chriFtian Religion" by the Rev. J. M. \
Maclrinis.
irrv. Mr. Maclnnis tnok exception to :
the matmcr in which the theories of ,
Mr. Fairbairn ypemed to him to be j
ir.< onsiFtrnt with his own phik-.=ophiral
irifals in l^arr.inB. Mr. Fairbairn boins
too hard upon critical and evolutionary
;heories. i
The Hex. Mr. Maclnnis rontonded
ihflt the true philosophy of relipion is
to be four.d in man created in the i
image <'f God whose rapacities were j
f-j':.v"dpm<mstrated in Jrsus.
He «-a!!od attention to the fact that ¦
tb? Darwinian evolutionary theory.
chlch predominated all scientific re-;
soanh fifteen years ago, is now being j
rejected by the prcat German j-cien- j
lists.
¦•This spe."' said the speaker, '"is char- !
actcrized by much literary activity and :
» lamentable barrenness of great liter- j
nture. I r.m of the opinion that Fair- i
bairn'* book is one ef the greatest in ;
ii j= department.*!
[n the discussion that followed the j
reading of the paper the Rev. E. K. •
Strong declared that he had little pa- j
tleace with the theory of man's evolu- j
ti'.'n from the lower animals.
C.OP MADE A COMPLETE MAN.
He considered it a false statement !
and a false doctrine and was satisfied j
that OJod knew what he was doing j
v. hen he made man in his image. The ;
speaker said that. th<?ugh God made ;
a cbmplele man, he may not have made j
a perfect man.
The Rev. Richmond Logan Raid that !
Fairbairn makes the statement that '
man in his original form was half man :
and half brute.
In his ravage state the Rev. Mr. Lo
pan considered that man was three
quarters brute and on<?-quarter man. j
In that state he was capable of sink- ,
ing b^low the brute creature, for he |
deF.-ended to brutalities and cruelties
not known in brute creation.
The Rev. James Wood worth added
to tn> speaker's remarks by saying '
v. ith emphasis that they could find!
m.Mi in this community below the
hrute. I
The Rev. Mr. Bevier admitted the
prcatness of the book under ministerial j
review* though he took issue with it in j
the premises. His opinion was that j
Kiiirbairn interpreted Christianity too j
much alone the lines of comparative |
religion, while Christianity was really j
unique. He was of the opinion that !
:he true conception of advance in life j
is regeneration rather than evolution.
The Rev. Mr. Bevier paid his com
l lirnents to the late Herbert Spencer,
whose agmosticism he considered "rot
ten to the core," while he admitted
that some of the philosopher's thoughts ;
Klonx scientific lines were worthy of
¦ ¦•¦ •nsidersLtion.
Dr. GL Campbell Morgan's evangel
istic services held in the city last week
ttcre discussed on the initiative of the
I'.ev. Mr. Bevier, who pronounced the
service a. distinct blessing to San
Francisco. '
A committee consisting of the Rev.
Mr. Bevier, Rev. Mr. Strong and Rev.
Mr. Herriott was appointed by the
• hairinan. the Rev. Moses Bercowitz,
to arrange with the ministers of all
evangeli'-al bodies for a return of the
noted evangelist to San Francisco.
Among those present were: Rev.
Mo*es Bercowitz, president of the
Presbyterian Ministers' Association;
Hew EL K. Strong. Rev. J. R. Evans.
Rev. J. M. Maclnnis, Rev C. C. Her
riott. Rev. H. N. Bevier, Rev. James
Wood worth. Rev. R. Logan, Rev. F.
A. Cnano, Rev. Mr. Hays, Dr. McDon
ald. Rev. Mr. Sitton. Rev. Mr. Nash,
riov. \Y. McGeary and Rev. J. M. Mc-
EShetmey.
"Emotionalism in Religion" was the
subject discussed bv the Rev. Dr. E.
F. Brown of the First M. E. Church
before the Methodist Ministers' Asso
<ia«ion yesterday. Dr. Heacock pre
sided and there was a large attend
ance.
Some of the arguments that followed
had a strong tendency toward Dr.
Brown's views and deprecated the
use. of artificial expedients in arousing
the emotions of the congregation.
While it was conceded tJiat emotions
must be aroused to produce religious
life, the consensus of opinion was that
!f anything was to be accomplished it
must be by the power of truth and not
extravagance.
It was generally agreed that the gen
eral average intelligence of modern
congregations made impossible ex
travagances of emotionalism so char
acteristic of some revival services in
the past.
BISHOPS' AltltAXGEMKNTS. '
TJie executive committee of the mis
sionary convention met yesterday aft
ernoon in Epworth Hall. Dr. G. B.
Fmyth in the chair.
In order to accommodate the Deople
on the eastern side of the bay it was
resolved to hold meetings in the First
Methodist Episcopal Church, Oakland,
p'milar to those to be held at the same
time in the Alhambra Theater, San
Francisco, on Friday and Saturday
evenings. April 29 and 20. and Sunday
afternoon. May L
A committee consisting of Dr. Filben,
Dr. Dennett and Dr. Matthew was ap
pointed to formulate plans for the re
ception of the sixteen Bishops that will
attend the convention.
Admission to the convention In San
Francisco v.ilJ be by ticket, which may
1k> obtained without charge by address
ing a stamped envelope addressed tc
the Rev. Dr. F. M. Larkin. 1037 Market
street, Ssn Francisco.
The pastors of all denominations art
Divines Take Steps to Invite
Kvansrolist to Revisit the
City to Spread the Gospel
Ten Thousand Dollars Is
Paid by the Directors of
the San Diego Enterprise
Deed From Her to Fred Bell
May Cause Exhibition of
Family Skeleton Again
DK.310KG AX IS EXTOLLED
COIX FOE THE TI.EASUKY
MAM3IY PLEASANT'S ACT
Man's Evolution From Low
er Animals Is Argued
Before .Ministerial Body
Transfer Is Made. of Western
Addition Realty. Which
May Lead to Litigation
Pacific Steel Company Files
Articles With Secretary
Curry in Sacramento
Occidental and Oriental Steamship Company's Liner
Arrives From the Far East With Passengers and a
Cargo of Great Value, Including Much Raw Silk
COPTIC BRINGS JAPANESE
GOLD WORTH $2,500,000
CLERGY TABOO
DARWIN THEORY
BELL PROPERTY
CHANGES HANDS
GIANT FIRM
ENRICHES STATE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; TUESDAY, MARCH 22 ? . 1904.
14
ADVZBTISEMENTS.
Positively cured by these
Iattlo Pills. ,
They also reliere Distress from Dyspepsfa,
tadigcsifon and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
ict remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Pro-wrsi-
ras, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coafcrd Tongno
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. Tbej
SUguIate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small PUI. Small Dosa.
Small Price,
Always. Remember ehe Fall /^ine
laxative jjjroino QCTine
Seres a Cold in One Day, Crtp in 3 Days
<& yfcjC#maji+ hot, gso
OCEAN TEAVEL.
SFteamert leav» Broadwa/
wharves. Piers 9 and 11.
San Francisco.
For Ketchikaa. TVrangel.
Juneau. Hain*», Skagway.
etc. Alaska — 11 a. m.. Mar.
2« St. Apr. 6. <~hanjr« to
Company's steamers at Seat-
tle.
For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle. Tacoma. Everett. B*l-
ingham— It a. m.. Mar. 26. 31. Apr. 5. «,hanK»
>t Seattle to this company"* steamers Tor Alas-
ta an.1 G N. Ry. : at Seattle or Tacoma to
N*. P. Ry .; at Vancouver to <?. P. Ry.
For Eureka «Humboldt Bay>— Pomona I:o0
?. m.. Mar. 2.1. 12>. Apr. 4. Spokane. 1:33 p.
a.. Mar. 1*6. Apf. 1. ' ,
For Los Angeles (via Fort txm Anjelsa and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara— Safl-
:a Rosa. Sundays. 9 a- m.
State of Callfcmla, Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Ixxt Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Crui. Mon-
terey. San Slmecn. Cayueos, Port Harford <Saa
Luis Obiapo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay. 9 ». m.. Mar. 24. Apr. 1.
Bonita. » a. m.. Mar. iI9. Apr. 5.
For Ensentda, Magrdalena Bay, San Jo«« del
rabo. Mazatlan. Altata. t>a Paz. Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymas <Mex.). 1O it. m.. 7th each
month. F'cr further Information obtain fclder.
Right Is reserved to chang* steamers or satltn*
date*.
TICKET OrriCES — 4 New MontKom-
•ry st. IPalac? Hotel>. 10 Market St. and Broad-
way wharves. Freight office. 10 Market «t.
C. D. DI.'NANN. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market »t.. San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer <V>.. 20 Sutter St.. will
call for and cherk bajrpasre from hotels and
residences. Telephone Exchange 312.
A2XSBICAK LIWE.
P'.Tmonth — Cherbourg — Southampton.
— - Vow y~-'- H r.iars at »:."/) a. m.
Et. Louis...... .Apr. 2 :t. Paul Apr. 1«
„,.... i.... ,.. „ Philadelphia ...Apr. SI
ATZiAZVTXC TRANSPORT LINE.
New York — London Direct.
Mlnnetonka A^r. 2. 7 a. m.
Marquette Apr. f», 9 a. m.
Minnehaha A;>r. lti. c a. m.
Minneapolis \pr. Si. nuoa.
only nrsi-clans passengers carried.
SOSMZUOZT LINE.
Portland — Liverpool — Short sea passage.
Dominion Apr. 12 Canada Apr. 1*
Cambroman ...Apr. • tfjKensington ....Apr. GO
HOiLAKJJ-AaiEiilCxi. LIITE.
New Twin-Screw Steamers of 12..VJO Tons.
Wew York — Rotterdam. VI* Bonlon*.
bailing Tuesdays at 10 a. m.
Statendam Mar. 'JX> Rotterdam Anr. 12
Potsdam Apr. 3>Kyndam Apr. V*
•Will call at Plymouth.
HED STAB I.IHE.
Wew York — Antwerp — Paris.
From New York Saturdays at H>::$<> a. m.
Finland Apr. iiKroonland Apr. 19
Vaderland Apr. V>| Zee land ¦ . ¦ Apr. 23
WHITE STAB UXm.
ITew Tork — Queenstown — Ijiverpool.
Sailinn Wednesdays.
Majestlc.Mar. CO, H> am; Celtic Apr. 15.5 am
Oceanic. Apr. 6. 10 am Cedrtc. . .Apr. 20. R am
Teutonic. Apr. in. 10 am! Majestic. Apr. 27. 10 am
Boston — Qneenstown — Liver-pool.
Cymric Apr. 21, May I'J. June 1R
Cretic Mar. 31. May 5. June 2
BOSTON MED ITZ.HR ANE AN SEBVICE.
Azores, Gibraltar, Naples, Genoa.
CANOPIC Apr. 23. May 2«
REPUBLIC (new) Apr. So. June 9. July 7
ROMANIC April 9, May 14. June IS
C. D. TAYLOR. Passenger Agent Pacific Coast.
21 Post St.. fc'an FYancisco.
UThAPLILS frAlJXANDBIA. tXY^.lM
ROMANIC Apr. 9. May 14, Jun« IS
CANOPIC Apr. 2a. May 23. July 2
iSend for rates and Illustrated booklet.)
These stearneni are the largest In til*
Mediterranean service.
First clase. $65 upward.
Boston to Liverpool oa.eI.Uw*
CTMRIC Apr. 21. May 13. Jnn« It
CRETIC Mar. 31. May 5, Jun« 2
REPUBLIC (new).. Apr. SO. Jun« 9. July 7
First class. $60 and $65 upward. accord-
Ing to steamer. For plans, etc.. address .
C. D. TAYLOR. Passenger Asent P»el3«
Coast. 21 Post St.. San Francisco.
Jiamburg-Jlmerican.
Bl-weeSly Twin Screw Service-.
For Flymontn. dierboursr. HamSurar.
THE OBEAT OCEAN TLTES,
S. S. Deutschland
GJV.uft. Ion*— 234 knots average speed.
Sails Apr. 7. May 1^. June », July 7.
TValdersee ....Mar. 19[ •Deutschlafld ..Apl. 7
t'BIuecher Mar. 2 » Patricia Apt. »
?•Moltke Mar. 31 Belgravla Apl. li»
Pennsylvania ..Apl. 21 A. Victoria.... Apl. 21
•Grill room and t»ymna«lum on board.
HAUBURG-AMESilCASI IiINE.
Offices, 35 and 37 Broadway. New Tork.
HERZOG * CO.. 4U1 CALIFORNIA ST.
O. /?. «£ N. CO,
OREGON sails Marrh 2S. April 7. 17 27.
May 7. 17 an«1 27. «_JEO. W. ELDER "sail.
March 23, April 2. 12. 22. May a 12 and 22
Only steamship line to PORTLAND, OR.. an<i
•short rail line from Portland to all points
j:.ist Through tickets to all points. Steamer
tickets include berth and meals. Steamer tnlin
foot of Spear St., at 11 a. m. S. F. BOOTH.
Gen. A«t. Pas*. Dcpt.. I Montgomery st.; C.
CLIFFORD. Gen. Agent Freight bept.. 3
Montgomery st.
S. S. SONOMA, for "Honolulu. Samoa Auck-
land ari'l Sydney. Thur., March 21 2 p. in.
S. 3. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Apr. 2. It a U
S. S. MAKIPOSA. for Tahiti. Apr. 20. H a.m.
I.D.SPEECIELS k BEOS. Ca,AZtS.,TiC*H 01C8 643 Har-
&t si, rrciflt Qiace m tomt st , Pier 7, panto si
COMPAGIilE GENSRALS TRAN3ATl,A>TigUS.
DIRK«rr LINK TO HAVKK-PARIS. ",":.'
SailinK every Thursday ln?t»ati of jf C2$f}
I Saturday, at U> a. m.. from Pier »2. ¦^*«SS- t
North River, foot of Morton «t.
' First class to Havre. $"O and upward. Pec-
ond clas? to Havre. $1.1 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AI1FNCY FOR UNITKD STATES AND
CANADA. 02 Broadway iHu.lstn tmtMlnc>.
New York, J. V. FVOAZ1 *- Co.. Pacific Coast
! Agents. Ji Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tlckfta a»old by all HallroHd TlcKrt A s;en ts.
Mare ImUnd >nd Yallelo Stwun eri^
Steamer GEN. FRJSBIE or MONTI' 'KLI.O—
!>:*."» a.' m.. 0:l."V anrl N:Sf» p. m.. except Sunday.
Sunday, J»:i:. u. m.. S:.-;i» p. m. I^eav*. Valleju
7 a. m.. 12:. 10 and B p. nv. except Sunday. Sun-
day. 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare. ,V> rent*. Tel.
Main 1S08. Pier 1, Mtsslcn-st. dock. UATCU
eaoa.Time loans, easy er.d dall: eixty days. 2 per
«3Mit; ninety days, 3UQ3V4 per cent; «lx
months, 3%@4 per cent. ;
NEW YORK. March 21.— C!o?«: Money on
.n!l, Fteady, 1%^2 per cent: last loan, bid
and offered. 1 \ .
Nezu York Money Market.
Hay opened the week steady but unchanged,
with a fair demand. There was no further
change In Feedstuffs, whtch were quiet and
featureless.
BRAN— $19©20 per ton.
- MIDDLINGS — $27 50®29 per ton. -
SHORTS— $10^20 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $24g25 per
ton: Olicake Meal at the mill. $29 50@ai;
Jobbing. S32; Cocoanut Cake. $22023: Corn
Meal. $29 50S30 50; Cracked Corn. $30031;
Mixed Feed. $22©23; • Horse Beans. $30»
40 per ton: Broom Corn Feed, 90c per ctl .
HAY— Wheat, $14617 50; Wheat and Oat.
$14^10 60: Oat, $14 60^16; Wild Oat. $13@15;
Bariey $13@15; Stock, nominal — none here;
Alfalfa. $12«813 50, ' ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦
8TKAW— 5037Gc. per bale.
Hav and Feedstuff s.
The market shows no change anywhere her*
or InMhe West. . .
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 10%c per Ib for
heavy, lie for light medium, 13c for light,
13%C for extra light and 15c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13%c: California
Hams. 12%c; Mess Beef. $10 50011 per bbl:
extra Mesi. $11 50gl2; Family. S12 50^13 ;
prime Mess Pork. $15; extra clear. «21»2S:
Mess. $13; Dry Salted Pork. 10'^gilc: Pig
Pork. $27. Pigs' Feet. $5; Smoked Beef.. 14c
per lb. - - - .
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6%c . per lb . for
compound and 9Vic for pure: half- barrels, pur*.
9%c; 10-lb tins. 10c; 5-lb tins. 10%c; 3-lb
tins, lOVSc. - • ¦¦ ;¦
COTTOLENE — One half barrel. 9%c: three
half barrels, 9%c: on« tierce. 9%c; two tierces.
8c; five tierce*, 8%c per lb. .
Provisions:
By virtue of a writ of attachment
growing: out of a disagreement be
tween Charles Courain and Thomas
Kullujian, Sheriff Curtis yesterday
found himself temporarily in posses
sion of one -white Spitz dog:, value and
temper unknown, but Inventoried at
$20. Kullujian, owner of the tlogr. tells
an interesting: tale of his trials in at
tempting to keep the canine in his
possession. According: to his state
ments the animal has been repeatedly
taken from him, simply to annoy him.
because he is suing M. B. Mihran.
Courain's brother-in-law, for 11700
salary alleged to be due him. Late
yesterday Kullijain made a settlement
and the dog: was returned to him.
Dos I* Attached.
FLOUR — California Family Extras. S4 S09
R 10, usual terms: Bakers' Extras. $4 70@5;
Oregon and Washington, Jobbing at $3 S5'y?4 25
per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices In packages are a*
follows: Graham Flour, . $3 25 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour S3 25; Rye Meal. S3; Rice Flour.
J7; Corn Meal. $3 25; extra cream do. $4; Oat
Groats $4 50; Hominy, 94@4 25; Buckwheat
Flour '$4 50©4 75; Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Fa
rina $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. S3 50: Rolled
Oats bbls, $7 25£9 60; In sacks, $6 75QS 10:
Pearl Barley tti; Split Peas, boxes, $7; Green
Peas $5 50 per 100, lbs. '
Flour and Millstuffs.
CHICAGO. March 21.— Additional rainfall J
over a large section of the Southwest since !
Saturday Imparted weakness to the wheat '
market at opening to-day. Other factors that
tended to intensify the selling pressure were
easier cables, liberal world's shipments and
increased amounts on passage. The combina
tion was too much for the majority of holder*
and in conaequence great quantities of long
wheat were throvrn upon the market. May was
neither wanted nor pressed for Rale in any
considerable quantity, but offerings, email a a
they were, could not be placed at swiftly
yielding prices. Within an hour the price of
the May, option had fallen to 91 cents. July,
In the meantime, declined to S5%c. Short*
who had put out wheat earlier In the day
then commenced to cover, causing a rally of
about a cent In the price of both deliveries.
On the up-turn more wheat dune out and the
market again declined. There was no news
of importance to encourage buying. As a re
sult about the only demand throughout tho
entire s«es*lon w«» from shorts, who. had prof-
Its In sight. The closing was about steady,
with May at 02 cents. July closed at su;;©
fe'JUc. •
Wcaknru in wheat had a depressing Influ
ence on the corn market, causing heavy liqui
dation early In the day, which resulted in
looses cf 1 cent In July and nearly 114 cents
In May. The closa was steady. May closed
i^c down at 52*ic. .
Oats, ruled comparatively firm In the face
of weakness In wheat. May closed Mt^YtC
lower at 40 cents; July closed V*c lower 'af
Prorlsions wer« Inclined to weakness on
celling by commission houses and packers.
Lower prices for hogs at the yards, together
with the break in wheat and corn, were the
main bear Influence. Pork showed the great
est decline, closing 15c lower; lard closed 6c
down and ribs were off 7V4c.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. 1 Close.
Wheat No. 2— • s
May "3H 93Vi 91 02
July (old) .. SS*s 8S% S%% v g7«,
July (new) .. . S7»i < 87V* ¦ M% S614
Sept. (old) .. 81% - 81% M%: 81 V,
Sept. tnew) . 81 81 79%::, 80%
Corn No. 2 — *
May ........ «3 SSH Olvi 52%
July »0% «W% 4»T» . 50%
September ... 50 50% 49\; . 49H
Oats No. 2 —
May 40 40% 39% 40
July 38U 39 3S% • 3S«
September .. 33% 33% 33% 37U
Mess Pork, per barrel —
May 13 20 13 22% 12 S7^5 13 10
July ........13 40* 13 45 13 07% 13 30
Lard, per 100 pounds — ¦ ...
May 8 97% 6 97% 6 85 6 02%
July 7 10 7 12% 7 00 7 10
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
1 May 6 77% 6 82% 6 65 - 6 77%
July V ... 0 02% 6 97% 6 80 ' 6 02&
Future Grain and Provisions.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bld.AJk-1 Bid A>k.
Bar CPC «s. 99 — JSP Co 4%».. 98 M
B L Wat e«.10O — I fun T»l 0».113 —
Cal NW 53.111% — I Do 5a 102H —
SF Drdk 5«. — 113%>Suur-st R5«.10S 113
SF A N'P 5>.111H — UR of SF 4a T9" t 80
8 P C R 4». — 10O I
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS-
A!a S Co 21 25 V»: Mat Nav Co. 60 S$
Cal Cot Mils — 95 |Nev Nat Bk.lSS 203
C Jockey Cl. 99 120 IN S R R... 9H —
Cal Powder. — ISO N Cal P Co. 10H —
Cal Ship Co. 15 3O Oak Bk Sav.m\, —
Cal T I * T — 123 Oak T Con. 7» —
Cen Bk. O«k C3T4 — | IOOF Hall A. « -—
City A C Bk — 112 jorpheum Co. 12 19
East Dynm.150 250 |Pac 8 Tel..lOO}j —
DpntPwd pM 60 — Paraf Paint. 3S —
Do com ..40 — S F Drydock. 60 — .
FN Hk Oak. 120 — SF&SJ Coal. 20 —
Fischer Thtr 1«4 1\ S J Wat Co. — 109
Frr.ch-A Bk.108 11A ISO * MTgbt — 165
Gas Con A.. 19% 21 ! 3w1»»-A Bk.113 —
Hon P Co.. 12*4 13HiUR InC ptd. 44 —
LonA SF Bk. — 60 [ Do com .. » —
Morning Session.
Board —
$4,000 United R R of S F 4 per e«at. . 79 71
Street —
, 15, C« 0 United R R of S T 4 per cent.. 79 73
Afternoon Session.
Board— •
11.000 United R R of 8 F 4 per cent. . TO 75
II, COO United R R of S F 1 per c«nt.. 79 87^
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stocks — Bid. Asked.
Apollo 4S
Associated Trust Cert 20 21
Aztec 80
Caribou 223
Chicago Crude 20 ....
Claremont SO .... ¦
Esp-rar.za 1 23 1 6O
Four ....................... 65 ....
Giant 19 ....
; Hanford 160 CO 200 «0
Home 140 150
{Independence 19 19
Junction 15
¦Kern 5 OO S 23
• Kern River 13 OO
Monarch or Arizona 41
¦ Monte Cnsto 73 SO
Occidental of W Va 13 ....
¦ Oil City Petroleum 40 41
I Peerless MOO
I Pitts burg 20
Reed Crude 1 33 ....
Senator *>•• ....
Sovereign 44 ....
Sterling 2 5O 2 75
1 Thirty-three 8 00
Toliec 19
Twenty-eight 3 75
West Shore 173
Associated Bonds SO
Miscellaneous —
Abby L*nd & Improvement 1 4O
Fischer's Theater 123
Northern Cal Power 10 BO
SALES.
Mornlny Session.
3CC0 Oil City Petroleum *>
, Sou Apollo **
Afternoon Session.
j 300 Oil City Petroleum ."... 41
Mining Stocks.
MONDAY. March 21—2 ». m.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday :
Morning Session. '.
ICO Ande« 4^1 150 Ophir 5 CO
10O Caledonia ...1 201 10O Overman 23
150 Con C A Val 851 ICO Savagt 63
200 Gould A Cur. 431 400 Sierra Nsr .. (S3
100 Mexican 1 WilOOO Utah 2O
Afternoon Session.
i SCO Andes 4Si 6fJO Savage " 59
20O Belcher 24 1 500 Seg Belcher... «-9
ICO Best & Belch.2 50! 100 Union Con .. M
400 Julia 03! lOO Yellow Jacket 34
i 10CO Justice C«i 100 Yellow Jacket 25
: 2tO Overman 25J 2CO Yellow Jacket 3«
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the. sales oa the Pactflo
j Stock Exchange yesterday:
: Morning Session.
i 500 Alpha Con .. Cti, ICO Mexican 2 00
1 10O Andes 49! ICO Mexican ...1 »7Vj
; 100 Caledonia ...ISO! 4CO Savage «2
; 10O Con C A Va.1 SO| 200 Savage «O
I 200 Con C * Va.l RSj 10O Seg Belcher. „ GO
! 10O Con C A V.I 82Hi 4CO Union Con .. M
I SCO Cos Imperial. 02! 2CO Utah 21
; 2C0 Gould & Cur. 441 ICO Utah TO
Afternoon Session.
10O Andes 43! 500 Gould * Cor. 43
> 800 Gould A Cur. 44; 200 Utah 21
I TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
. clsco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday :
! Morning Session.
1 2C0 Cent Eurek*. «7i WW> Ton Belmont. W>
J 3OO Evelyn 34| ICO Ton BelmonC . «4
I 30O Mont Ton ..1 231 20«> Ton Midway.. 33
4CO Rescue 08j 20O Ton N Star. . JO
Afternoon Session.
700 Evelyn 34| 400 Rescue CS
250 Oolconda C8i 500 Ton N Star.. 25
1200 MacNamara . 23: 1000 United Ton • . 13
130O MacNamara . 21)1000 United Ton .. 16
1C0O Paymaster ... Ill
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY. March 21—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask.! Bid. Ask.
Alpha Ctt OX 1 Justice 05 C«
Alt* 07 09 Kentuck 02 »4
• Andes 47 49fKeye» Grae*.. S3 —
< Belcher 24 23: Lady Wash .. — C«
i Best * Belch.2 40 2 501 Mexican 1 83 2 C»
Bullion 10 I2i Occidental ... 87 90
Caledonia ...1 20 1 25,OphlF 8 00 5 23
Challenge Con 33 35»C«erman 25 W
Chollar 22 24Potosl 27 »
Confidence . ..1 00 I 10i Scorpion C7 CS
Con C ft V!».l 8O 1 S3 Savage «O 111
Con imperial. 02 ittjSeg Belcher..- OS 1«
Con NY 03 04| Sierra Nev . . «* «7
Crown Point. 1« 20l31Iver Hill .. 6O 62
East Sierra N 03 — ! St Louis 10 Q
Eureka Con.. — 50!^yndlcat» .... 04 C3
Exchequer ... 13 161 Union Con .. JM M
Gould & Cur. 44 46!Utah 20 22
Hale A Norc. »7 901 Yellow Jacket 33 3«
Julia 03 041
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid. Ask.! Bid. Ask.
Esperanra ... — OllTon Exten .. 6O 7i>
MacNamara . 23 23tTon Fraction. 15 SO
Mont Toiu.1 22Vi 1 23|Ton A O W. 02 —
Ray Extea .. — 13! Ton of Nev..6 23 7C0>
Ray Ton — 13!Ton N Star.. 28 29
Rescue 07 CSiTon Midway.. 37 3S
Ton Belmont. 5-S 60|Ton Superior.. — 11
Ton A Cal .. 13 24! United Ton ..18 —
RAISINS— The Association quotes the follow,
ing price*: Standard grades, 50-11) cases— 2
cruwn Loose Muscatels. 5%c t , tT )b .
3-crown, *5%c: 4-crown. OVic; Seedless Loose
Muscatels, -Mic: Seedless floated, 4^c; 2-crown
Malaga loose, ftc; 3-crown Malaea loose 6-Sc:
Seedless Sultanas, unbleached, 4Uc; Seedless
Thompsons, unbleached, 5Uc. Layers, per "0
1b box — 8-crown Imperial clusters, tii; 5-crown
Dehcsa clusters, $2 50; 4-crown fancy clusters.
$2; 3-cro»n London Layers. $1 35; 2-crown
London Layers. $1 25; usual advance for frac
tional boxes and layers. Seeded — Fancy 16-oz
cartons, per Ib. 7%c; fancy 12-oz cartons, per
package. «%c; fancy bulk cartons, per lb 7V>c
cholce 16-ox cartons, per lb. 7Hc; choice 12-oz
cartons, per package. O^c; choice bulk car
tons, per lb. 7Uc; lG-oz cartons, seeded Saed
llr.KS, Muscatels, per lb. 7c; 12-oa cartons,
seeded Seedlings, Muscatels, per lb, 574c; bulk,
seeded Seedlings, Muscatels, per Ib, 6%c.
NUTS — Walnuts. No. 1 softshell, 13<4<914c-
No. 2. 11%©12c; No. 1 hardshell. 133Uy.c'
No. 2. lieilHc; Almonds, HHf» for Nonpa
reils, UHe for I X L. lie for Ne Plus Ultra
and 9!*c for Languedoc; Peanuts. 6'a"7c for
Eastern; Pecans. 11613c; Cocoanuts. %i S0fi5
HONEY— Comb, loeil^c for white and gij
@9»£c for amber; water white extracted, to
514c; light amber extracted. 4H94^c; dark.
3^@4c.
BiEESWAX— 27©29e per lb.
KKl' IT— Apricots. &V4@10i4e fot Royals and
9{Jl2c lor Moorparks; Evaporated Apples. 4>i»
6c: sun-dried. 3@4%c; Peaches. 5#7Hc; Pears
8©ll%c; Nectarine*, nominal; Figs, white.
3®4c In boxes; black, 414c; Plums pitted.
BtfSc per lb.
PRUNES-^1903 crop. 2V4C2»ic for the four
alses. ¦ ¦
Several slight variations appear in Apples
and Prunes. Nectarines are about cleaned up.
General conditions are unchanged all along
the line.
Dried Fruits,Nuts,Raisins t Honey.
EASTEBX MAEKETS.
The week opened quietly and without feature.
All classes of stocks were more or less neglect
ed, though there was some activity in a small 1
way In Oas and Electric, the stock selling
from $5S 12 V4 up ta.f53 23.
The Justice Mining Company has levied an j
assessment of 10c. ;
Ex-dividend yesterday: California Fruit 1
Canners' Association, regular monthly. 60c per •
share, amounting to $17,349 «O: California :
Powder Company, regular monthly, SOc per j
shar». amounting to $15,000: Llghtner Mining '
Company of California, regulap monthly of 5c. |
amounting to $<£50; Silver Hill Mining Com
pany, 5c. !
Wabash Oil Company cf Fresno and Coalinga
0B February ISd levied assessment No. 4 of 2c 1
per . share, to become delinquent on the OU '
Board March 25.
Vanderlip Oil Company of Santa. Ana, Or. ;
arise County, on March 3 levied assessment No. !
. 1 of 3c per share, to become delinquent April 23. !
Oil City Petroleum will pay Its first dividend 1
of hie per share, or |25C0, April 1. . v !
STOCK AND BOXD EXCHANGE.
MONDAY. March 21—2 p. m. j
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. f Bid. Ask. I
4s qr coup..!07*410SHii4e qr cp new. — 133 H
4s qr reg...lOC»ilO7^!3s qr coup... — 107V*
» MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — \O T Co 6s. 119 —
Bay CPC iVs.101 1C2V1I Do 5s Ill —
Cal C G 5s. — lC47ii Do con 5s..- — HSU !
Cal G & E < (Oceanic S 5s. — 75 j
m & ct 5s. 87^i — lOrn Cable 66.123^3 —
Cal-st C 5s.ll6%117V4IPac G Im 4s. — 96
C C Wat 5s. — 100UIP E Ry 5s. 105^106
Ed L & P Hs.125 131 |P i C H 6s.lO4 1C6 '
y & C H ea.H41i — JP 4 O R Gs.116 — ,
Geary-st 5s.. 45»i 90 Powell-st 6«.. — —
H C&S 5'-is.l04 — {Sac EG4R5a. B9mOO
Do 6s ,'... 90 ICOViiSF &¦ SJV5s.ll8',i —
Hon R T Cs.lOCVi — Sierra R 6s.ll2H —
L A Elec 5s. — 105 S P of A 6s
LA Ry 5s.ll2v» — (1900)
L A L Co to — — U910) — lOO'-i
Do gtd 6a. — — S P of C «•
Do Ktd 5s. 103% — I <1905)Sr A. 104*4 —
LAP lem 5S.101U102 1 (1905)Sr B.105^ —
Mkt-st C fis.lltf — 1 «1908) 107 —
Do lem 6s. — 113Vi! (1912) — H»H
MV4 MtT3s.lM — |SPC 1 eg 5«.115 119
NRR of CCs.107 — I Do stmpd..lO9 —
Do 5s imillO » P B R 6S.134 —
V P C R 5».103 — |S V Wat «s.lO4«il05
N* C Ry 5s. — — I" Do 4s 2dm. 0S?i 99
N C P C 5a. — 100 Do 4s 3dm. — 93
N S R R '.s. — lOOH'Stkn GAE<5». — —
O G L&H 5S.108 — (U G * E.5s. — 10S
O W gtd 5s. — — 1
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 35 40 (Port Costa... — — [
Marln Co... — C2ms V Wat Co. 33Vi 39H
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. — 3%;S F G t E. 59 59^
Mutual E L. »V» 10H Stkn G & 3. 5 —
Pac L Co.. 5T»H — IU G & E.. 27H S2»i
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
S F G & E» ~~ —^ i
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd.310 315 | <-
BANK STOCKS.
Am NU Bk. — 125 |L P & A....152& —
Anglo-Cal .. — 90 Mer. Trust.... — 225
Bank of Cal.4C0 427}, Merch Ex. ... — —
Cal Safe Dp. — 150 S F NaUonL — —
First Natlonl — — I . v'
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L. — 2300 |Sav & L So. — 100
Hum S & L. — — I Sec SaT Bk. — 450
Mutual Sav.lPO — (Union T Co.— —
S F Sav U.625 — f
. STREET RAILROADS.
'California... — 200 IPTesldio — 41
Geary — 80 I
i POWDER.
I Giant 0OH 62 IVigorit 4H i\
SUGAR. . . :
Hana P Co. — 30c JKIIauea SC. 2% —
Hawaiian C. 48% 47%iMakawell C 2iy 4 —
> Honokaa S C — • 13UIOnomea S C 24 27%
' Hutch S P C SS » fPaauhan S C. 13% 14H
MISCELLANEOUS,
Alaska P. A.140 141 . JOcean'c S Co. 4 4«
! Cal F C A. 03U100 Pac Aux FA. 5*i «v»
I Car Wine A. — 92 |Pac C Bon. — 188 •
MV4 MtTm-100 , — | .
Morning Session.
.'--/-;.' Board— . ¦
50 Mutual Electric Light 10 00
60 Paaubau S P Co 13 50
10 S F Gas & Electric......."....: 59 50
' 15 S F Gas &. Electric. S» OO
15 S F Gas & Electric • SS 75
$3,000 Ferries & Cliff House Ry 6s... 115 00
- • Street—
. 20 Alaska Packers' Association... HO CO
100 Mutual Electric Light 10 CO'
$13 000 Honolulu R T 4 L Co 6s.'...:.10tS 25
S15,C0O S P. of Arttan* <19<»). » 10 107 50
¦¦ .- Afternoon SesJlon. - » ' .
_ ' Board— ' -
-' '50 Hawaiian Ccml & Sugar 47 GO
40 Makaweli ............; 21 23
'. " M S F Gas A Electric 59 00
5O S F Gas A Electric s 00 50 00
; 60S F Ga*-* Electric. ¦ 00 59 25
; I 20 Spring Valley Water Co...... 39 23
Tzvo Unjustified Extremes in
Stock Speculation.
The* Wa'i Street Journal says:
Les* than ttrte years separate March 10.
ls*>4, frcra April 30, 1901. but what a coa
ira*t In the activity of speculation. The fol
i.ywini table scows the total k&W of the two
c*vb. as weil as the &a!e& of tight leading ac
tive stocks :
April March
2y. l'.HJl. 10, 1904.
Total sales cf stocks 3.27O.M4 C9.S00
V. S. Steel 4ti>,444 1,000
IT. S. Steel r^d 220.1A9 ll t 9««>
Erie 3Jt>,*(*> 2.OU0
Atchi«>n 247. 45t> 2.3CO
Atchlscn pti 141.535
Union Pacific 2.i<i.353 4.7t»>
Southern Pacific 151. mk» »«>
N. Y. Gesttal fj.7uo 5i«u
Tile caie* of each cf these eight stocks on
April 30. 19«iL exceeded greatly the sales oi
«!! «tock« 01 M&rch 10, 1IH>4. and their aggre
ea.tf. 1.S56.214. compares »ith 2-X300. the
ii-tai of tie eieht stock* ia«t Thursday.
Has this comparison any cj/eciaJ significance
ei.d meaning? We think it has.
The trading of April 30, 1901. represented
oversj^cvlation.
The trading of March 10. 19O4, represented
v r d e r»j>c-<.ulatlo n.
Tte immense voinm* of sales three years
*£O eisTtified the money madness of the
American pt-ot-le. their greed for great gain*
suddenly made without even the thought of
ltboe cr the iabcr of thought. It was specu
lation earned to the j>oir.t of insanity, de
bauching, denioraliiinz. <iargercus. In less
t?-an ten days there »•»* a panic that convulsed
ihe financial world .,.- if by an earthquake.
The effects cf that have not even yet passed
away.
The speculatioa of March 10 signifies cau
tion carried to the pcir.t of cowardice. In one
fcnf» it i* as false and demoralizing as the
overtradlrs of tfcree jearf ago. As that was
not speculation ba*ed tij^td j«or«>r appreciation
if trae vaJue, but upon the de'.irium of a p*-<>
rle porectsed of the Eevcr r>! irairiblir.g. ko the
«:«£T:at!cE of 1 i>t Thursday wan not fcas^J
i.l«;n a thoughtful rennlr.? up cf real cendi
ti DC. bet the expression of doubt and fear. It
va* consOTBttan carried to excess.
The ZMst three years have witnessed a de
cline In prices end a fhrir.kace in th» volume
, • sr-w~ulat;on. and } - et j n f.rtjt» of every un
favcrable condition producing this the country
has b«^en growing richer all the time. Great
harvests have been raised, great profits have
t^-ea distributed and over $3>i0,000,<XXt have
V*en added to th» money in circulation. The
vea!th of the United States is increasing at
the rate cf over *Z.o t .¥>,i*)f>.(iOri every year. It
amounted to F94J)uO.OiH).t**i It. 11**1. and n«>xt
year it should amoant to Sllti.fKKMMyi.OuO. Th<>
latest report of the Bureau of Statistics thosi
that in volume of ex^wrts we head the rest of
the wcrld.
A total of €3,^00 shares' trading in one day
en the N>w York f tock Exchange in the fare
<•' Fuch facts a« these Is ridiculous. It if a*
much ar. exarg-eratioi: as the overspeculatica
of 1»<M.
JVeather Report.
<12ffth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FTIAXCISCO, March 21—5 p rn.
The fol!f>«!r.g ar? the seasonal rair.fail! 1 to
'*.»•» as con5par*'<! «"ith those of the same date
last F**scTi, and the rainfalls in the last twen
";-four hours:
*. Last This Last
Stations — 24 Hours. fW'aFcn. Season.
Eorakl 0.32 50.25 47.29
P.~i Bicff O.Ol 25. «6 21.12
Sacramento O.OO * 13. S7 13. TO*
Sa.r\ Francisco Trace 17.11 15.05
Fresno O.IO 4. SO «.7"*
IcfiopeEdence ... O.Ort 1.78 1.82
f. L. Ot'.spo 0.14 11.01 14.53
Lc* Anirele* O.Ort T..Z2 10.22
San Diego 0.02 2.02 9.78
THE COAST RECORD.
- 2 s 5 z~~
1 iiiff! 28
ETATIOXS. ? *q 53 is ?"*
? i S. '. ° !* r
Baker 2».7« 34 24 HW Cloudy tT
<ar»cn 2V.94 ?# 18 \Y Pt.Clly .OS
Cloverdale ...ZO.iA 52 45 g Pt.Ody .t!2
Eureka 23.i»6 44 SS P Cloudy .32
Flagstaff 23.7(!i 42 28 SW Clear .W
Fresno 3:>.O4 58 4O W Clear .10
Independence .23.78 52 32' S Clear .00
I>->e Angeles.. 30. 04 6"> 52 SW Clear .00
Mr Tanaalpals.30.0S 41 22 SW Pt.Cldy .02
North Head 34
Phoenix 23.90 «4 52 W Clear T.
Pocatello 23.7'> 34 24 SW Cloudy .02
Portland 2I».64 42 $t F Cloudy .2«
POiBt Reje»..Sn.OO 53 3» S Pt.Cldy .<;2
P.ftd BiuS 2a.9G 5<> 34 FE Cloudy .11
i?o«eburg 2».76 42 34 EW Riin .19
Sacramento . -Srt.n* 52 3« S Cloudy .00
halt Lake 29.02 38 28 S Clear .i»l
tan Dugo 3^.04 «'i0 U> W Clear Ml
S L. Otispo. .30.04 58 42 W Clear .14
Seattle 3.W 4J M FE Cloudy .30
Fpckane 29.72 4>* SO PW OSoudr T.
Tatooeh 23.48 4<> 3O SE -Cloudr .54
•^aiia Walla. .23. 70 48 33 F Cloudy .00
%V:r.n«>muc<ra .20.M 48 C4 W Ft.Cldy .no
Yuma -"¦' :•- &S 32 W CJear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pne«ure has risen rteadily over the Pa
rif.r Wor*, eir^pt alor.s the Washinjrtori coaFt,
«h<-re U has remained nearly stationary.
t;nsettled weather continues from San Fran
cisco northward.
The temperature has risen slowly In the
/"S.erras and na* fallen In Bouthera Arizona.
A maximum wind velocity of 34 miles from
the west is reported at Wlnnemucca.
The river* are very high, except the Upper
Fccraraer.to. which Is beginning to fall. Th"»
::,•••• .• e- stages ar» reported: Red Bluff, 1<5.«.
failing: Colusa, 26.3; Sacramento. 25.3, rising;
fian Joaqoln Bridge. 13.5, rising.
FcrecAxt made at Fan Franci»«-o for thirty
hours, ending midnight, March 22:
North*™ California — Showers Tuesday; fresh
southerly wind*.
Southern California — Fair Tuesday; fresh
westerly wind*.
Nevada — Cloudy Tuesday.
¦ t ; a.n FTancIfco and vicinity — Cloudy Tues
day, possibly light showers; fre*h «outherly
wlnfis. A. G. McADIE.
District Forecaster.
Chicago Board of Trade.
Wheat 32.925.000 bushels, decrease 471.000
burhfls: corn 9.911.0OO bushels, decrease 350.-
OOO hushels; oats, 10.fi89.0n0 bushels, decrease
5000 bushels: rv<* 9«0.0no bushels, decrease
56,000 bushels; barley 3,396.00") bushels, de
crease 84,000 bushels.
NEW YORK. March 21.— The visible
ply of grain Saturday. March 19, as com
piled by the New York Produce Exchange,
was:
Visible Grain Supply
Inn clcs«d at 51s 9d In Glasgow and at 43s
44d In MIddlesboro. Locally iron was un
changed. No. 1 foundry Northern, « Lift 15 50;
No. 2 foundry Northern, ?14 50S15; No. 1
foundry Southern and No. 1 foundry Southern
soft at ?13 5O@14.
NEW YORK. March 21. — Tin was a little
firmer in London, spot advancing 5s and fu
tures "p. both positions doping at £129. The
local market reflected the firmness abroad and
a good rpct demand resulted, the price closing
at ?28 624S2S 874-
Copper was firm both locally and In London.
The foi-efgn market advanced 7s 6d on spot
and £1 2s 6d on futures, the former closing
at £57 lOs and futures at £55. Locally lake is
held at ?12 75; electrolytic and. casting at
$12 501?12 73.
Lead closed unchanged at £12 In London
and was also unchanged here at $4 6O@4 65.
Spelter was unchanged in both markets.
closlr- at £21 15s In London and at $5@5 10
locally. -
Nezv York Metal Market.
WHEAT — The dearth of news from all
market center* continues and there seems to
be nothinc ROlnK on anywhere. The American
visible supply decreased 471,000. The world's
shipments for the week were as follows, in
quarters: Russian, 2SB.CC0: Danubian. 54.000;
Argentine, 27S.OOO; Indian. 1OS.0O0; Australian,
l.tti.CGO. Cargces were reported heavy and de
pressed on th<* Liverpool market, with buyers
Indifferent. There were further rains in Cen
tral and Eastern Kansas.
The cash grain was inactive and unchanged
in this market, while futures were lower.
Cash wheat.
California Club. $1 4001 45; California
White Australian. $1 50®l 574; Northern
Club SI 401(1 424: Northern Bluestem. $1 50O
1 55 per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
/ Open. High. Low. Close.
May $141 $1 414 $140% $140%
December ... 1 35*4 1 354 1 35- 1 354
2 p. m. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May — No sales.
December ...U 354 $1 35»i $1 T54 $1354
BARLEY — The market was quiet and un
changed, though the feeling was rather easier.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed. $1 124O1 15; Shioping and Brewing.
«1 174©1 20; Chevalier. $1 15®1 25 for fair
10 choice.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Cloaa.
May %\ 12 $1 12 $1 12 $1 12
December ... 1 .02% 1 02N, 1 02»s 1 02H
2 p. m. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May— No sales. $1 11 4 bid.
December ...«t 02 $1 02 $1 01% $1 01 %
OATS — The market continues firmly held,
but quiet and featureless.
White $1 27461 374; Black, $1 25@1 55;
Reo sf2r.fi 1 35: Gray. $1 324 Per ctL
. CORN — One party has bought up all the
small round yellow In the market and the
price Is higher. Otherwise there Is nothing
Western sacked. $1 374 for Yellow. $135
for White and $1 27H@1 30 for Mixed; Cali
fornia large yellow. $1 40ftl 45; small round
do, $1501(1 53: White. $1 4001 45 per ctl;
Egyptian. *145©1 50 for white and $1 27{£@
1 30 for brown. ¦
KYh-$l au«>l 324 r>«r ctl.
'BUCKWHEAT— *1 75©2 per ctL
Wheat and Other Grains.
The Week Opens Quietly in All
Classes of Stocks.
Silver decllnfd %c. —
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 85
Sterling Exchange, sight — * SS
Sterling Exchange cables '. — 4 S9
New York Exchange, sight — 12V5
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 15
Sliver, per ounce — 50%
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 454
Exchange and Bullion.
STOCK 3IABKET.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $1#2
per box fcr fancy and 50cf?$l 25 for standard
to choice; Tangerines. 75c@$l 25 p-r box;
Lemons. SI "l<S'i 60 for fancy. $1 23<gi 50 for
choice and 75c3$l for standard: Grape Fruit,
$1 25@2 50; Mexican Limes. $5@fi; Bananas,
*\ffi ur bunch (or Hawaiian ai.ii $1 i .-.-j
for Central American; Pineapples, $253' 50
per dozen.
In a review . of the Orange situation pub
lished In a recent issue of the California Fruit
Grower. It is pointed out that the condition of
the market during the greater part of the cur
rent season has been the worst ever known In
the history of the Industry due largely to com
petition of Florida and Porto Rican Oranges
In the Eastern markets, the unfavorable
weather In the southern part of this State,
which prevented the .fruit from ripening In
time for the holiday trade, and the freezing
weather In the East when the movement of
the crop commenced. Other unfavorable fac
tors, according to the same article, were the
rivalry over the auction sales between the
Citrus Union and the Independent receivers,
which tended to depress values, and the un
reasonably slow time made by cars from the
growing districts to the Eastern markets,
which resulted in heavy deliveries of more or
less decayed fruit, and a consequent loss to
shippers.
APPLES — $1 75©2 25 per box for extra fancy.
$1 25©1 5O tor ordinary fancy. b5r^p»l for
choice and 35f?65c for common.
Local trading in Oranges was more active
than on Saturday, owing to clear sunny
weather, and a fair inquiry was noted for
shipment to Puget Sound and to Honolulu,
but »upp|ies were still in excess of the de
mand and prices showed no improvement,
either in the open market or tn the auction
rooms. Standard Naveis still showed evidences
of decay and were neglected by buyers, owing
to the abundance and comparatively low prices
of the better grades. . The auction eale was
well attended and eight cars were sold, as fol
low?: Extra fancy Redlands $1 25©2; or
dinary fancy. 75o<S$l 50; choice 5Oc@$l 20:
standards 4uigl»0c.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
LOCAL 3IAEKETS.
SEATTLE. March 21. — Clearings. *«<}2.e23;
balances. $120,511.
TACOMA. March 21.— Clearings. $357,512;
balances. $:>0,057.
PORTLAND. March 21.— Clearings. $627,724;
balunce*., *5ti,10i. ,
SPOKANE. March 21.— Clearings, $372,742;
balances, ?43,S7"J. »
Northern Business.
OREGON.
Potatoes, sks .. 4.1 H4' Chopped Feed.sk ICO
Onions, sks ... lie!
Flour, qr sks .. 11.221 'Screenings, ska.. 2C0
Wheat, ctls .... 1.332! Feed, eks 11
Barley ctls 2.937; Tallow, ctls ... 42
Oats« ctl5 »'8!Su*ar ctls 1.500
Rye' ctls 195! Pelts. No 135
Potatoes ska .. 2.952! Hides. No 3C2
Onions "sks ... 3H4I Leather, rolls .. 215
Bran, sks 41SiIJme. bbls 132
Middlings, sks. 313! Paper, reams .. 2.707
Hay tons ..... CDS! Quicksilver, flks 40
Ftraw tons 5 1 Brandy. ga!s . . JlOft
Wool." bales ... 151 1 Wine, gals 77.3.V)
FOR MONDAY. MARCH 21
Receipts of Produce.
WASHINGTON;
TACOMA. Wash.. "March 21. — Market un
charged. Bluestem. 61c; club, 75c.
OREGON. •
PORTLAND. Or.. March 21. — Walla Walla,
75c; bluestem. SOc: Valley. Sic.
Northern Wheat Market.
LONDON. March 21.— There was the usual
large cttenchince at the wool auction Bales to
day. The general tone was firm and crossbreds
sold spiritedly, with some taken by America.
I-ambs' wool was firm, with locks and pieces
finding ready sale. Cat>e of Good Hope 'and
Natal wools were in fair demand. The olTer-
In*rs to-day numbered ll.SlKi bales, and there
were few withdrawals. - ; •-¦
London Wool Sales.
There was no further advance in ranch 1
Eggs, though several houses were inclined to ,
ask more. Receipts were sufficient for the '
demand but not excessive. At this time 'of j
the year when Eggs get up to 20c operators |
feel like going slowly. Buying in the country j
for storage continue* brisk, but one hou?<? yes
terday reported that it was buying all it
wanted at the equivalent of IV3C under the top
quotation below. There Is no scarcity in 1
ranch Eggs here, but store are kept well
cleaned up by a brisk" demand.
Butter and Cheese remain as before, quoted.
The former continues to move off well, with |
moderate stocks, and the latter continues In '
overstock and depressed. • •
Receipts were 50,300 lbs Butter. 15CS casea
Eggs and 5300 lbs Cheese.
BUTTKR— Creamery at first hands; 22c for '
extras. 20&21c for firsts and l>QlUc for sec
onds; dairy, 15?i20c; store Butter, nominal;
cold storage. 20fi 21c for. extras. isgl9c for sec
onds and lC4zl>>c for ladle-packed.
CHEESE — 84tJ»c for good to choice new
and 7©Sc for lower grades; Young Americas,
04010c; Eastern 15®16c: Western, 14«loc
per lb.
EGGS— Ranch. lSg20c for good to choice;
store, 164613c per dozen. ;
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
PEACHES — Remain steady to firm. Choice
are quoted at 7 l i®T4c; extra choice, 7?i@Sc;
fancy, 94ffl0e.
PRUNES— Continue <*asy. with holders evi
dently desirous of moving supplies at a more
rapid rats than demand at present affords.
Quotations range from 3*£c to U^c, aceordir.*
to iT3de.
APRICOTS — Aw in good demand for small
lots and the market continues firm. Choice
are quoted at O'iQlOc; extra choice, 10V4@
lOHc: fancy. ll©1.1o.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market con
tinues firm. Common are quoted at 4fS^ l t c;
prime, S'JSSHc; choice, egfi^c; fancy, 7@
74c. •
DRIED FRUITS
COFFEE — Spot Rio. quiet; mild, steady;
Cordova, 10©13c. Future* market closed un
changed to 10 coints hither. Sales,. 75«,3'>0
bags; May 5 . 30@5 . 35c ; July, 5.C0c: Septem
ber, 5.SC«£r>.S5e.
SUGAR— Raw. firm: fair refining, 3 I-I60:
centrifugal. 06 test, 3 9-lCc; molasses sugar,
2 13-lCe. Refined, firm.
PETROLEUM— Quiet
NEW YORK, March 21.— FLOUR— Receipts.
20.145 barrels; quiet..
WHEAT — Receipts, 51,600 buehels; exports,
34,000 bushels; spot, easy; No. 2 red. $1 ele
vator; $1 01{H 04 f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Nortn
ern Dulath, $1 04 f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 North
ern Manitoba, nominal f. o. b. afloat. Heavy
unloading incident to unusually bearish news
about demoralized the early wheat, breaking
July nearly 2c. Leading influences were lower
cables, good r&lnx In the Southwest, b'g
world's shipments and liquidation. Near the
close, however, prices rallied and clcsed l&l'-c
lower. May closed at VKJc; July .closed at 6-c;
September closed at S3%c.
HOPS — Easy; State, common to choice, 1903
crop. 27g3Cc: IftO2 crop, 23*f27c: Pacific Coast.
L903 crop. 24S31c; 1BO2 crop', 23©27c.
HIDES — Steady.
WOO L— Firm.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. March 21. — The cotton market
closed steady- at net unchanged prices to an
advance of 38 oolnts.
Nezu York Cotton Market.
ST. LOUIS, March 21. — WOOL — Steady;
medium grades, combing and clothing, lSg22c;
light fine, 15£174c; heavy. ll'SU^c; tub
waehed, 22331c.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— March. 'May. July.
Opening Nominal G 74 « 6? 8
Closing Nominal 6 6% B 6Vi
* PARIS.
-Wheat— ¦ : March. Sept. -Dec.
Opemns 21 M 2165
Closing 21 95 _ 21 70
Flow — .
Opening ................... "S3 K& •29 55
Closing ....... ......;.. 2» 35 ' 26 75 '
. St. Louis Wool Market.
There was oractlcally no market for Poultry
and prices were nominally unchanged. No
¦Western came in and the receipts of domestic
stock were only two coops. A car of Western
will be on *ale to-day. Game was In good
request owing to the scarcity of Poultry, and
all descriptions cleaned up well at previous
prices .
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 16SlSc ' per lb:
Geeee. per pair. $2®2 25; Goslings. $2©2 23;
Ducks. (5 5066 50 per dozen for old and St> Zi<>J
7 50 for young; Hens, $6 5O©7 50 for large and
to 5OS»5 for small: young- Roosters. J^oOgT 50;
old •Roosters. |5#5 50; Fryers. 35 r.C^"i; Brll
er» S3<@5 50 for. large and $4 50^5. fOT small;
Pigeons' (1 25&1 50 per dozen: for oJd and $2 23
©2 50 for " Squabs.' -. 'r -= ¦"' ': ... ¦
I GAME — Gray Geese, $3 per dozen: Wnitf
Geese Sl@l 25; Brant. $1 50 for small and $2
for large; Honkers.; $4@5: English Snipe. S3 50;
common Snipe. * (1 50; Wild Pigeons, $1 50:
Rabbits, $1 50<§2 for Cottontails- and $101 23
for Brush; Hare. $161 25.
Poultry and Game.
A COXTRAST.
Cons money.. .£5 15-M5IN Y Central 120
Do acct S6 ll-l«!Nor & Western.. CO
Anaconda 34f Do pfd 89
Atchison 70H!Ont & Western.. 224
Do pfd 93 I Pennsylvania . WHJ
Bal & Ohio 81 j Pand Mines 9»i
Can Pacific 117«i| Reading 23
Ches & Ohio .... 82%) Do 1st pfd 23
Chi Great West.. IfiUl Do 2d pfd 30.
Chi. Mil & St P. 149 |So Railway 214
De Eeers I9H» Do pf<l 87
Dm & Rio G 2l4|So Pacific 4<»vi
Do pfd ........ 71 1 Union Pacific ... 794
Erie ~<">V,\ Do- pfd 90
Do 1st pfd (56 (US Ste?l 124
Do 2<J pfd 4«4i Do pfd CH4
III Central 132UI Waba^h 19'S
I>3ui5 & Nash...lW "I Do i>M ..I. 3S 1
M. K A Texas... 1S4! : • ¦ %
Bar silver — Quiet. 2«d per ounce.^
Money — 2%Jf.i per cent.
The rate of discount In the open market for
short bills" is 3®3 1-16 per cent and for three
months" bills 333 3-l<5 per cent. .
London Closing Stocks.
abcut the rea.-tlcn and was not accounted for
l>y any news of a change in last week's better 1
tutlcok ir. the trade. There was sufficient de- ,
rr.and fcr Northern Securities on the curb to j
lift it nsarly 3 point* over Saturday, which U
taken to indicate a feeling of assurance [
aitair.yt losses by stockholders In th* disaoiu- j
tion of the company. The recovery in the cot
ton rr.aricet was a safeguard against further I
fiamap? by 5j>eculatlve losses there. ;
Western rallrcad officers epoke in rather 1
chefrtul terms of the traffic outlook, but their >
inf.uente van overborne by the assertion of i
i>rei!jitnt Mtllen of the New Haven that there ,
had been a flump in. New England to a degree ;
that called for large curtailment in railroad j
service. Conditions in the money market were |
unchanged an! wore without effect on stocks. |
B.ind-5 moved In sympathy with stocks. The j
United States Steel 5s were heavily sold in the
lat.» .1ea!ings.-tcgether with the preferred stock.
mtai Hi.f, rz.6ss.ooa.
I'niteJ State* 2s advanced H and the old 4s
i % per c*rt on call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks— Sales. Hijrh. Low. Close.
Atchison ...23.000 68 U 67*i 6S%
Atchison r^ 2.30U »0H S9*i 894
BatUxnon & Ohio.. 2S.$fiO 79^ 78** 78%
Dak & Ohio pfd... 100 8314 SOU &**4
Canadian Pacifte... , B.200 115 113H 113v« !
C».i of X»-»- Jerst}- 157
Chesapeake & Ohio. 1.500 S2 31 Vi 30^4,
Chicago & Alton... 1.400 39H 39 :<7Ji
Chi & Alton pfd.. 200 80% *0% SO
Chi G:eat Wcetcrn. 2.000 15?» . 15 l*!i
Chicago & N W... 1.90t» 1674 1«7 1C7
Chi Mil &. St Paul 53.200 145S 144 1414
C. M & St P r>M-- 100 I-H14 17SV4 178
Chi Term & Trans. 2t«0 l>\, 9^ »4
Chi T & T pfd 200 20 20 18
C. C. C 6c St Louis 200 76»» 76% 75
Colorado Southern. 700 1S>4 IS 18
Colo South 1st pfd. 400 53 55 54 *j !
Co!o S..uth 21 pfd. 400 25*i 25U 2*4 '
nela& Hudson 3.2Oi> 152 151 1W>4 !
l>el. Lack «i W^ft 255
Denver &.- Kio ii... 4<X> 20 20 l» s i j
Den & Uio G pfd 675» I
Erie 13,»00 23% 2\% 24% \
Erie 1st rfd l.O'X) f>JU 63«- 4 «34
Erie 2d pfd 500 41*j 414 41
Hocking Valley 74
Hocking Val pfd.: 300 S1H SO S1H
Illinois Central 1.000 U»>^ 1284 128
Iowa Central 1S4
Iowa Central pfd 35
K C Southern 200 194 194 19
K C Southern pfi. 2,U*) 36 344 £>4
Louis & Na»h 4.500 105"^ 1M*, 1M%
Manhattan L 2.3O0 144 143 1434
M^tror-iuan Secs«. 200 7»*b 79 7«
Metrcjolitan St Ry. 14.WJ0 113: t 1UV, lll»i
Minn & fet Louis 55
M,StP*SS M-. 1.200 (34 63 62
M.StP & SS M pfd 120
Missouri Pacific 22.700 ?>2% 91 90*;
Mo. Kan & Texas.. l.HXi l^V* 17% 17*i
41. K & T pM 1.200 39^. 88H 5S
Nd RR of Mex pfd 10i> 3S%g S8% 37
New York C^itraJ. 2.500 117 11« ll»j
N'orfclk A Western 2.5O0 5S*4 57>i 57%
Nor* We?t pfd... S5
Ntrth»»m Securities ¦ !>;»
Ontario & W-stern. 4.7W 21 ? i 20% 21 i ;
Pennsylvania 76,300 117%» 11CV* H6I4
P. C. C & 6t Louis C2
Utail::g 1C.C0O 44% 43.7^ «^i
Readies 1st pfd 78«4
Keadinsr 21 pfd 300 CO 60 5*4
Rock Island Co... 14.400 22 Vi 21 Vi 21
Rock Island Co pfd 900 <53 62 61 4
Pt L & S F 2d pfd 1.800 444 «% «
bt Louis S W 100 14V* 14V» 144
St Louis S W pfd.. 400 34 334 33%
Southern PaMfic... 2S.!<00 4<5Ti 45\ 4«
Southern Railwey.. «5.S00 21 *» 21 21
Southern R> pfd.. 2.10<) S5U 84^i 81
Texas i Pacific 1.900 24% 24 234.
T, Pt L k W 200 27 264 25 \
T. St L & W pfd.. 1,100 37*4 37 3«4 !
Union Pacific 47.600 774 "<iVi " c ?» '
l.'nicn Pacific pfd S7
Wabai-h 100 194 194 19
U'abash |.fd 200 37 36 35*i
Wheeling &LE 1<5' 2 I
AVi»ccnfin Central. l,O0<i 19 >4 19 1»
V/ifcor.*in Cen ptd. 1,100 «ii 42^i 424
Express Companies —
Adam* 222
American V.«)
Cnlted States 103
W<-!Is-Fan;o 205
Miscellaneous —
Anulg Copper 52.5O0 40^i 47»i 47T^
Arner Car & Found 1,400 20«i 2O lft»4
ArnerC & F pfd... MX) 71% 714 70V*
ArcerCcttcn Oil ... 500* 30 30 234
Amer Cot Oil pfd 8S
Amer Ice 700 7 6«i 6%
Am*r Ice pfd 500 29 28 27*»
A m*r Linseed Oil 64
AmerLln Oil pfd.. 10O 30 30 28%
Amer Locomotive . COO 22*4 22U 22
Arnt-r Loco pJJ 82
ArmSmlt 4 Ref.. 1.900 43»4 4$4 48%
AmerF & R pfd... HOO 1*24 91% 01%
Arrer Sugar Ref... 10,000 127*i 126 12«4
Anaconda Min Co.. 600 C7 67 <X
Brooklyn Rep Tran 22.500 44^ 42"i 43
Colo Fuel & Iron.. SCO 20^ 2S% 23%
Consolidated Gas.. 3,100 lftT.% 1»4^ 1944
Cira Products 100 13"4 13?» 13"^
Corn Products pfd .... 704
Dirtniers' Securities 700 244 24 2*54
Grnfral Electric .. l.»00 170 1R7 1C74
International Paper 200 12i,i 12 1 ,; 12H
! Int^rnl Paper pfd f.r.4
Int»rr:tl Pump 32
1 Intcrntl Pump pfd. 74
National Len4 200 15 15 14%
North American... 800 87 S4<* S4\
Pacific Mail 300 274 26*4 26
People's Gas 400 J1S4 974 074
Prt^M-rf Ptefl Car 30
Pr Fteel Car pfd. ..' 70
Pullman Pal Car. . 200 21O 210 209
Republic Steel :U1O 74 74 7*i
R«>r>ur>l?e fitful pfd. 2O0 44 44 434
Rubber Goods 1.4T0 20 T 4 18% IflU
P-ubbe" Gcod* pfd. 300 77% 774 7«4
Tcnn Co«l & Iron.. 2,900 :«% 3SU 3S
TTSI>>atlxr 400 74 74 7
V S Leather pfd... f-OO 784 ""% 77^
1 I* F Rralty 800 7»i 7 «»i
i: S Realty pfd 4.400 53H 51 51 H
V P Rubber -ViO 134 13 13U
fSRvbberpfd 600 ,V?4 T.24 r>24
UPPtecl 11.S00 11TV, 11 114
r.S Steel pfd 52.700 K>4 57U 57%-
Wertilighouj-e Elec. 2.100 1«5% 1«4 1<^3
Wcitern Union 100 SS 83 SS
Total Fal's C32.500 share*.
UNITED RAILROADS OF FAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. March 21.— Bond transactions
— \'vA'.<Mi Railroads of San Francisco, 5000 at
79%. 1C.0C0 at 734. 2C.0O0 at 70%.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
American t".in — Common, bid 44, a«ked
4S; preferred, bid 36. asked Sfi4.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg..lO54lL & N unifled 4s. OS 4
Do coupon 1063»!Man con gold. 4s.lO3?4
Do 3s reg l06»4|Mex Cent 4f 64
Do coupon 10«4l Do 1st inc 13%
Do new 4s reg.l324iMinn & St L 4s.. 95
Do coupon 132%! M. K & Tex 4s... 97%
Do oM 4s reg. 107 | Do 2ds 774
• Do coupon 108 I NR of Mex con 4s. 76
Atch gen 4s 100T4IN Y- C gen 34s.. 97H
Do adj 4s S3 |N J C gen 5s.... 129
Atlantic C L 4s. !)24iNor Pac 4s 10?4
Bal & Ohio is 102 | Do 3s 72
Do 34» 9341 Nor & W con 4s. 97*4
Central of Ga 5s.l05'i!OSL 4s 4: partlc 034
Do 1st inc \(H} JPa conv 34b.... 95%
Ches & Ohio 4 4s.l01Vi Reading gen 4s... O3T4
Cfcl & Alton 34s. 77 !PL i I M con 5s 113U
C. B & Q new 4s. 94 8 L & S F fg 4s. C2V*
CM & EP sen 4s.lO7*i|St Louia BW lsts. 93H
C & Nff con 7s. 1 23 M. I Seaboard A L 4s. 68
C. R I * Pac 4s.«9»i So Pacific 4s.... 88
Do col «s 784iSo Railway 5s.... 112%
r.C.C & SLgn 4s. 99 ITex & Pac Ists..llC
Chi Term 4s SO IT. St L & W 4s. 70
Cons Tobacco 4s. 6S%| Union Pacific 4s.lO3%
Colo & So 4s S5HJ Do conv 4s 0«u
Colo Fuel & I...' CO US Sttel 2d 6s.. 74%
Den * Rio G 4s. 974 Wabash ins ....118^
Erie prior lien 4s. 07 Do deb B> (AK
Do Ben 4s ..... «494 W & L Erie 4s.. Rr,
F W & D C Uts.lO4U Wls Cent 4s 89%
Hock Va! 44«..1C5«4
NEW YORK MIXING STOCKS.
Adams Con .. — 12! Little Chief ..... 06
Brcece ¦ IlJOntario 4 00
Kruns Con 04|Ophlr 4 50
Ccm Tunnel .... lOPhoenix .....'.... 04
Con Cal & Va... 1 73!Poto»I 23
Horn Silver ..... 1 25! Sax-age ........... 57
Iron Silver 1 COISlerra Ner. i C2
Leadville Ccn.... OSfStandard ......... 2 60
COAL— Wellington. $3 per ton; New Wel
lington. SS, Seattle, $6 50: Bryant. $8 50; Bea
ver Hill. $6: Stanford. $7; Roslyn. $7; Coos
Bay, $5 50; Greta. $7: Wallsend. $7; Richmond.
$7 50; Cumberland. $13 In bulk and $14 23 In
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14:
Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lamp.
$11 50- Cannel. $9 50 per ton; Coke. $11 M5U
per ton in bulk and $15 in sacks; Rocky Moun
tain descriptors, $11 43 per 2000 lbs and $12 80
per long ton. according to brand.
OILS— Quotations are for barrels; for oases.
add 6c; Linseed. 49c per gallon tor boiled and
47e for raw; Caitor Oil. In cases. No. l;»70c:
Bakerf AA. $1 1001 12: Lucol. 45c for boiled
and 43c lor raw; China Nut. 60&70c per gallon;
Cocoanut Oil. In barrels. 58c for Ceylon and 55c
for Australian: extra bleached winter Eperia
Oil. 85c: natural winter Sperm Oil. SOc; extr*.
bleached winter Whale Oil. 65c; natural Wcale
Oil 60c: extra winter strained Lard OH. 75c;
No' 1 Lard Oil. 60c; pure N eats foot Oil. 73c;
N'o" 1 Neatsfcot Oil. 65c; light Herring OH.
45c- dark Herring Oil. 43c: Salmon OH. 3Se;
boiled Fish Oil. 40c: raw Fish Oil. 28c; boiled
Phlnt Oil. 35c: raw Paint Oil. 33c.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. In bulk.
14c- Pearl OH. in cases. 20Hc; Astral. 20<4a:
Star. 20Hc: Extra Star. 244c; Elaine. 2<l%c;
Eccerc. 23%c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline, in
bulk 16c; in cases 22He: B«nxlne. In balk.
13c; "in cases. lOVie: Se-degree Gasoline In
-bulk. 23c: In caste, 31c.
TURPENTINE — S4c per gallon in cases and
73c in drums and iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— P.ed Lead. "O
7%c per lb; White Lead. 7S7%c. according to
quantity.
SCO \R — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as: follows, per Ib. In 10O-lt» bags:
Cubes A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 3.S5c:
Powdered. 5.50c: Candy Granulated. 5.50c:
Dry Granulated, fine. 5.40c; Dry Granu
lat'ed coarse, 5.40c: Fruit Granulated. S.40c;
Beet ' Granulated (lCO-lb bags only). 5.30c;
Confectioners' A. 5.40c: Magnolia A. 5c;
Extra C. 4.SK>c: Golden C. 4.90c: "D."
4 7Cc: barrels. 10c more; half barrels. 23c mora:
boxes -Oc more: 50-lb bass. 10c more for all
kinds. Tablets — Half barrels. 5.90c: boxes.
6 15c- H & E. Crystal Domtnos. S.40c oer lb.
No orders taken for less than seventy-five bar
rels or its equivalent.
BAGS — Grain Bags, fi^c spot and 5%c June-
July; San Qu-ntin. $5 25; Wool Bags. 32935c:
Fleece Twine, 7% "38c.
General Merchandise.
Unlisted Securities.
CHICAGO. March 21.— CATTLE— Receipts,
28,0X1) head; market elow; good to prime steers,
$5 25&S 75: poor to medium, $3 50@5; stock
er* and feeders, $2 ftf«B 30; cows, $1 30«4r
heifers. $2 5t>©4 r<O; canners, $1 5032 CO; bulls,
$2@4: calves, $.1«t; 25: Texas fed steers. $-f33.
HOOS — necelpts to-day 37.0CO head, to-mor
row 40,000 head: mostly 10c. lower; mixed and
butchers, $5 15@5 4t); good to choice heavy,
$5 £5$ 5 43; rough heavy, $5 13(g5.25; light,
$4 8005 20; bulk of sales, $5 15f|5 25. • •
SHEEP — Receipts, 25,000 head; sheep,
pttv-nc: Iambs, weak; good to cholca wethers.
$4 25@5 15; fair to choice mixed. $3 .W® 4 50;
Western sheep, ft 25<S5 25: native lambs, $4 50
O5 50; Western lambs, ?4fi5 75. •
Miscellaneous Markets.
CHICAGO.
Livestock Market.
$1,000 Pac Elect Ry 3 per cent 105 75
$10,000 Spring Valley is. • 10 ...104 00
CHICAGO. March 21.— On the Produce Ex
change to-day the . butter market was steady.
Creameries. l*@23VSc: dairies. 12V4©2lc. Eggs,
easy, 15Hc. Cheese, steady, 10u,ijn c .
ELGIN, 111., March 21.— Butter ruled firm
on the Board of Trade to-day at 24%c per
pound, the same as last week. Sales in the
district for the week were 428,000 pounds.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Local Stocks and Bonds open the week quietly.
Wall-street Stocks easy on Hue day, TVtth Cotton lower.
Silver declines %c. Exchange as before.
Wheat quiet and featureless all over the world.
Barley opens quirt and unchanged. Com and Oats firm.
Beans and Seeds quiet at previous prices.
Hay and Feed shifts in sufficient supply and fair demand.
Xo further change in Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Slight variations in Prunes and Dried Apples.
Precisions about as before quoted.
Hides firmly held, but moving slowly.
Oranges more active, but supplies still excessive.
Potatoes, Onions and Spring Vegetables plentiful and zveak.
Poultry and Game unchanged, with the former nominal.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs as previously quoted.
Money— . |U S Steel 1
Call loans 2%@4| Do pfd 57U
Time loan* 4 @5| Westing Common*. 80
Bonds — 1 Mining —
Atehlson 4s &$% Adventure 2«-i
Do adj 4s SS Allouez 3%
Mex Central 4s... 04 Amal Copper 47!^
Railroads— Amer Zinc 9U
Atehlson 68»4 Atlantic 7H
Do pfd S»u, Blngham 19T4
Boston & Albany.243 j Calumet & Hecla.450
Boston & Maine.l65H!Contennlal 17Vi
Boston Elev 131) HI Copper Range ... 41%
Fitchburg pfd 13S j Daly V.'est 27 Vj
Mex Central .... ll«ilDom Coal 09^
N Y. N H & H..190U Franklin 7%
Pere Marquette.. 77 Grancy 2\
Union Pacific 76»i Isle Royale 7%
Miscellaneous — Mass Mining 3<4
Amer Arge Chem. 13^4 Michigan 4H
Do pfd 71 (Mohawk 35 Vi
Amer Pneu Tube. 4 |Mont Coal & C. 2'*
Amer Sugar ....126 |Old Dominion ... 9^
Do pfd 124H!Osceola ' 50H
Amer Tel & Tel. 123 lit Parrot 22H
Amer Woolen ... 11 JQuiney 80
Do pfd 75$;|Shannon 7H
Dom Iron & S.. Rt& Tamarack 80
Ed Elect Ilium.. 234 Trinity .•-... 41$
Geji Electric 167 U S Mining...... 21M
Ma>s Electric 19 U B Oil : »',S
Do pfd 72H Utah 33»4
Mass Gas 3SH Victoria 3%
United Fruit 99 Winona 3>$
Un Shoe Mach.. 46 Wolverine 7OV4
Do pfd 2SUI
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS
HOGS— Live Hogs 14O to 200 ltw. S^eCc;
over 200 lbs. 5H'«J*ic; soft Hogs. *\©5c:
Sows, 20 Der cent off: Boar*. SO per cent off.
and Stags, 40 per cent .oft from afcov* quota
tions. •
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, lesa SO
per c*nt shrinkage tor Cattle:
CATTLE — Steers. >>g0c; Cows and Heifers.
7©6c: thin Cows, 4©5c per lb.
CALVES— 484^c per lt> (grow weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 4fc65c; Ewes. 4>40<Hc
per lb (gross weight).
LA.MUS— SUfitic per IK
Wholesale rates from slaughterer! to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 768c for Steers and 6%G?c per lb
for Cows. . . . .
VEAL— Large. S^sUc; small. *£9Hc p«r lb.
MUTTON— Wethem. »Vsl0c; Ewes. 9t»Sc
per lb. •
LAMB-Fall. 12H813c; Sprinr. ISfllte.
XOKK— Dressed Hogs. 7©S%c per Id.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The week opened at last week's closing
prices.
DRESSED MEATS.
Meat Market.
The best offerings of table Potatoes were In
good request at steady prices, while low-grade
stock was neglected and large lines were being
pressed for sale at easy rates. Receipts were,
liberal and included 41S4 sacks from Oregon.
A car of Sweets came in. the first for somt 1
days, and cleaned up quickly at former rates, j
Onions were weak, with large quantities of .
poor stock offering below the minimum quota
tion. Xevadans are about cleaned up and the
quotations are withdrawn.
Asparagus was the leading feature of the- j
vegetable market. Receiot3 were nearly 1500
boxes, and. dt»Di;e a good demand (or local j
consumption and- a fair inquiry (or shipment, '
the market was weak at sharply reduced prices ;
and there was a heavy surplus unsold at the •
close.. Rhubarb arrived freely and cleaned up 1
well ' at lower prices. Summer Squash • from I
Los A'igeles did better under very light re- 1
celpts. The other vegetables snowed but I
slight variance.: -.- , . . . 1
HOTATOfcS — Burbanks Irom the river, 85c<J
$1 15 per ctl; Oregon Burbanks, $1 15<gl 35 ,
per ctl; River Reds.' $1@1 10 per ctl; small
Oregon Burbanks for seed, !0cg$l per ctl; 1
Garnet Chiles, *1@1 10 per ctl; Early Rose.
$1 40@l 60 per ctl; Sweet Potatoes, $2 759 I
2 85 per ctl: new Potatoes. 3%e per lb. 1
ONIONS — Yellow, $2 25fi2 50 per ctl for Or- :
egon and $3 1563 50 for Australian; Green
Onion*. 40©50c per box.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus. 6g7c per lb
for extra, 5®tie for No. 1 and $1$1 50 per box
for No. 2: Rhubarb. $1 25«l 73 per box; Green
Peas. ,'t©4c per lb for Los Angeles and 4#6c for
bay; String Beans. 12%@17%c. per IB; Toma
toes, $1©1 50 oer box or. crate for Los Angeles 1
and $125<S175 for Mexican; Summer Squash \
from Los Angeles $2 per box; Cabbage, $1 10 j
per ctl; Carrots, 50c per^sack; Hothouse Cu- |
cumbers, $161 25 per dozen; Garlic, 5@€c psr |
lb; Egg Plant. 20c per lb: Dried Peppers, SflSc |
per lb for Stockton and 10#12%e for southern: ;
Dried Okra. lOOlliUc per lb: Green Peppers. ,
15025c Der lb for Chile and 20©25c for Bell; |
Miuhnoms, 13625c per lb; Marrowfat Squash. 1
18iy,c per Ib; Huboard, %e p«r lb.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
' CHICAGO, March" 2L— Cash quotations were
as foliovrs: Flour, easy. "No. 3 spring wheat.
03c; No. 2 red, 92g95c; No; 2 corn, 51 %c; No.
2 yellow, o2%c; No. Spats, 39%c;.*No. 3 white.
41c; No. 2 fle, 70c; good feeding barley. -38©
40c; fair to choice malting, 45@55c; No. 1
flaxseed. $1 ©7%; No- 1 Northwestern. 1113;
prime timothy seed, &T; mess pork, per barrel,
$ 13^13 12%; lard, per 100 pounds, $6 75©tJ 7<%:
short rtbs sides (loose). $6 50@<5 62%; short
clear shies' (boxed). $7 25ff7 37H; whisky, basis
of high wines, *1 27; clover, contract grade;
$10 50.
Articies — ¦ Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 46.400 33,400
Wheat, bushels 29.400 37,200
Corn, bu*hels. 203.100 90,90))
Oats, bushels 233,400 235.000
Rye, bushels 14.000 59.0CO
Barley, bushels.:... .."80,900" < 16,700
Cash Grain and Provisions.
Centra! American. 31c. Goat Skins— Prim* An
goras. 75c; large and smooth. 60c; medium.
35c: small. 20c. •
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4«04%e °«r Ib;
No. 2. 3%©4c: grease. 2Hf*3c. >
WOOL— Fall clip— San Joaquln Lambs*. *9
lie: Middle County. 11012c; Northern defect
ire, PwJIOc; Nevada. 13«18c; Oregon, fln*. 189
10c; OregonJ medium. 17e per Ib. ' r .,*_'.
HOPS— 24627c per lb for California. 1908.
and 17 He tor croa of 1904. ? ...
li;«?2c: Timothy, 6S614C; Hemp. 3%@3%c per
lb; Millet. 3©3%c; Broom Corn Seed. $20®21
per ton. • . ':*.* ¦?; * - ¦ : >¦ .
DRIED PEAS— Blackeye. $2 25^2 SO per ctl.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 22, 1904.
All descriptions under this head remain an
before quoted, with a quiet market for Beans.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 35®2 60: Pea. S3®3 2ft;
Butters $3 00473 75; - small ¦ White $3@3 15;
large White.. 12 65©2 75; Pink. $.1 20@3 35;
Red. $1 5005; Lima. $3 20fi3 33; Red Kidneys
$4 5085: Blackeye. $2 15$2 20 per ctl: Horae
Beans $232 60. . • :"-:..-¦
SEEDS — Brown Mustard. .$3 75C4; Yellow
Mustard. $3©3 23: Flax. $1 S0©l 90: Canary.
&^@3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa. 143 14*ic; Rape.
Beans and Seeds.
' The Barik Commission Issued a li
cense yesterday for the establishment
of the Bankers' Savings Bank at Pas
adena. The new Institution, which is
capitalized at J50.000, will open its
doors for business May 1. A license
also was 'issued for the Savings and
Trust Company of San Mateo* County.
This bank has a paid up ' capital ' of
125.000 and will commence actire op
erations March 24.
New Banks Are Licensed.
The: local trade quote a firm but slow Hide
market at unchanged quotations.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brand* sell
about 1401c under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, »%e;. medium. 8%c; light. -7%e; Cow
Hides. 8c for heavy and T%e for light; Stags.
6c; Suited Kip. Oc; Salted Veal.* 10c; Salted
Calf, lie: dry Hides. '16016c: dry Kip. 13c: dry
Calf, ISc: Bheepeklns, shearlings. 25630c each:
short Wool. 40C65c each; medium. 70©90c: long
Wool, SI© 1 SO: Horse Hides, salt. *2 7.1 for
large and $2©2 50 for medium, $1 2301*75 for
small and 50c for Colts. Horse Hides, dry.
$1 73 for large and $1 60 for medium. Jlfrl 23
for email and SOc for Colts. Buck Skins — Dry
Mexican. ~ 31c: dry. Salted Mexican. 23c: dry
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
NEW YORK. March 21. — The movement of
••• :2y'« »tock market was in larpv part a
¦¦ ¦ '- ire out of conditions established last week
rather than a. response to any new events bear
in? on values. The action of the markrt to-day
r > ¦• locked to as a > rt of t*st of the character
cf l»st week'" strength. The buoyant stock
market of Saturday n?em*«l to have resolved
the dcubi* of many skeptical observers and
there wa* sufficient demand to cause a higher
opening this morning: and to sustain prires
f.rrJy. though without further advance during
the active market of the first hour. Th^rcaf
t«r the markrt lar.ruished end attempts to re
new the advance met with Indifferent success.
Th» bei-vy prrssure to tell I'nlted States Steel
preferred w&a of especial influence in bringing
New York Stock Market.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
AUCTION SALES
IQO ,TTP*Ti IBP
Draf t, Wagon & Saddle Horses
Consigned by Sol Hale Jr. of Idaho and W.
C. Woaa of Lakeview. Oregon.
40 bead weU broken Draft Horses, weights*
from 1400 to 1&00 pounds.
40 n«ad gentl* Wagon Horse*, waigblaf Croat
1200 to Mi-o Bounds.
10 head good single Drl»lr.|t Horses.
10 bead well broken Saddle Horwa.
These Hors«a can b« aeen at barn Saturday.
March 19. AT AUCTION TUESDAY. MARCH
22, 7:30 p. m.
Remember, every horse U gentle and wtll
broken, singla and double.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
248 Tblrd Street. San Francisco.
W. O. LAYNQ. Auction— r.
fe 6* fe
AUCTION SALE of 50 GOOD HORSES. WED-
NESDAY. March 23, at 11 a, m. ARCADES
HORSE MARKET. 327 Sixth at. JOHN J.
DOYLE. Auctioneer.. HiUs^Bros.' Arabian Roast Is. a fancy
name for a fancy coffee, • ¦ •
HONOLULU, T. H.. March 1^.— Dave Barry,
formerly , of San Francisco. , and Tim Murphy
of Australia met last night 'at the Orpheum In
a -return pugilistic, contest -'of fifteen rounds.
Murphy was knocked out In the fourth round.
He was knocked out In the sisth when he
fought Barry several weeks ago.
That dry. rasping cough ia not necessary
Fiso's Cure will relieve and cure It. -5c. - * ¦
Commissioner of Navigation Cham
berlain has written to Collector Strat
ton. inclosing a copy, of an opinion
rendered by Attorney General Knox,
in which' it is held' that- foreign ves
sels may carry cargo from a port of
the States; to Guam without
incurring, a penalty. It is decided that
until Congresf legislates in- the matter
the coastwise laws requiring, domestic
trade to be carried on in vessels ofthe
United States do : not apply. By the
same reasoning it would* seem that
foreign vessels may engage in' trade
with Pago Pago," Tutuila.
Foreign Vessels to ' Guam.
I Two Fair Commissioners From Island
'! ; , Empire Arrive From Far East
on the Liner Doric.
Among the distinguished people
who crossed the Pacific on the liner
Doric, which reached this port yes
terday, were two Japanese gentlemen
who are going* to St. Louis as. com
missioners representing the Mikado at
the big fair. They are K. Kubota and
U. Beppu.
Each has. a speaking acquaintance
with the English tongue ind they rep
resent the highest type of the men en
gaged in the building of commercial
Japan.
"We know nothing of the progress
of the war.' Our mission here is peace
and our whole -attention while in
America,"' said Commissioner Beppu,
"will ¦ be devoted to promoting,
through the Japanese exhibit at St
Louis, a better understanding. between
our land and yours."
WILL* REPRESENT JAPAX
AT ST. IiOUIS EXPOSITION
Attorney Knight endeavored to break
down her testimony at every point, and
made all of the capital he could out of
the fact that a record of the testimony
given at the; former trial was in the
Pullman in which the Eastern wit
nesses crossed the continent" and that
they* were given. an opportunity to*re
fresh their memories. Miss Bateman
answered his cross-examination with
out- varying her statements in the
slightest, and generally made an excel
lent witness.- She admitted? that she
had been- promised $100 in addition to
her .expe.nse3, N .out of which" she was to
pay a substitute teacher who was act
ing in her place during her absence.
1 Miss Ethel J. Millington, daughter of
a -hotel T keeper at Dover,, followed. , She
also : partook of one piece of the ; pois
oned candy, haying visited, the Pen
nington home on .the 1 evening of Aug
ust I 9, 1S98. At that time : she viewed
the wrapper, handkerchief 1 and note in
the package and identified them as be
ing those offered 'as exhibits during
the; present trial") by, the, prosecution.
She was taken ill. the following morn-,
ing : -with nausea* and ;sent for Dr.
Bishop, -but-he : was so" ; busily « engaged
Next came Miss Josephine Bateman,
who happened to be passing the Pen
nington home on the night In question
and was called to the porch. • Mrs. Dun
ning held the candy on her lap and
handed Miss Bateman the wrapper that
she might examine It. She identified
the exhibit. as the wrapper she had ex
amined that evening in much the same
manner as did' the preceding witness,
and also identified the handkerchief and
note' that had been shown her by. Mrs.
Dunning as being similar to^those of
fered in evidence by the prosecution.
Miss Bateman ate one of the choco
lates and discovered; three hard lumps
in it, which she spat out. Subsequently
by . comparison she -. : - determined that
these were crystallized arseqpe. On
reaching home she found a foreign sub
stance adhering to her gums, which she
removed,- and this .she subsequently
concluded was arsenic. That night she
was taken with violent nausea, which
lasted for several days, and her gums
were badly inflamed. It was not until
after 1 the ; burial , of -Mrs. Dunning and
Mrs. Deane : on . the following Monday
that she concluded she had been suf
fering from arsenical poisoning.
WITNESS UNSHAKEN.
FINDS ARSENIC IN OANDY.
He identified the wrapper on the par- !
eel, which is one of the people's exhib- j
Its, by the fact that the word "Dela
ware" on the address was' spelled "Dele- \
ware" and that on the corner of one of j
the stamps appeared the letters;
"Franc." He said that the probable!
sender of the candy was discussed by'
all present, and it was finally decided |
that it came from San Francisco, al
though the identity- of the donor was]
not arrived at. Heate one of the pieces J
of candy and was taken ill that nightTT
remaining so for several days. In the i
meantime his two sisters died. All ef- j
forts of Attorney Knight to shake his
testimony, proved* futile. j
family box addressed to Mrs. Dunning,
which he delivered to her as she sat on
the porch of the Pennington home in
company with Mrs. Deane, Leila Deane
and Elizabeth .Dunning, then a child
6 years old. He told of Mrs. Dunning
opening the package and finding a box
of candy therein, together with a
handkerchief and a note containing
the words: "With love to yourself and
the child."
Harry C." Pennington; brotherjof the
two murdered women, was next called.
He told 'of havingT eaten dinner/ with
the family at Dover on the evening of
August 9, 1898, at which they partook
of trout, eggs, coffee, corn- "fritters,'
bread and ;. butter. J> John B.\ Penning
ton, e Mrs. Pennington and ; Joshua-. A.
Deane, husband of one' of , the^ mur
dered women, tpartbpk. of 'the meal
with the rest of the familyr' After din
ner Harry C. Pennington .wen tl to the
postomce;and- took a- package'f rom Ithe
BROTHER- OX STAND.
Oscar Tolle, Chief Deputy Clerk, of
the Supreme Court, in wfyose -custody
the exhibits Introduced at the first
trial of the case have remained, was
the first witness called. He Identified
the exhibits one by one as those hav
ing been in , his custody and .testified
that they had remained locked up iii a
vault since the first trial, except on
two occasions, when some of .them
were delivered to the then Chief of
Police, Lees, on an order from court.
He said that he had taken ; a receipt
from Lees for the exhibits turned over
to him and that subsequently the same
articles had been returned to the .wit
ness. Attorney Knight, for : the , de
fense, made the most of the fact that
some of the articles had been out of
the custody of the deputy clerk for
some time, but the witness' identifica
tion of the exhibits in question robbed
this fact of .whatever significance it
might have possessed. .
Miss Elizabeth Kemp, assistant to
the postmaster . at Dover, was next
called; -She identified the wrapper as
being similar to the one that covered
a parcel she put into' the Pennington
box . on August 9, 1898, and stated
that the address on it 'was' similar jto
the one she had no'tice'd in Dover'on
the day in question. The wrapper and
box of candy. were then introduced.in
evidence, despite a vigorous ; protest
from Attorney. Knight that no ; suf
ficient identification had' been estab
lished. " -
August 9, .1898,. and the receipt of the
box of candy on that evening by Mrs.
Dunning, it having been delivered to
her by/ Harry, C. Pennington, her
nephew/ who had taken it from the
family box at the postofflce. Bying
ton said that the , prosecution expected
to prove that this candy had been pur
chased in San Francisco by Mrs. Bot
kin and that in many of the pieces
there had been placed crystallized ar
senic by the defendant; that the poison
had' been purchased at. the : Owl ' drug
store by the defendant on ' the plea
that she wanted to bleach some straw;
that it had been mailed In San Fran
cisco by the defendant, addressed to
Mrs. Dunning, and that the sending
of the poisoned candy was premed
itated and for, the purpose 61 mur
dering Mrs. Dunning. ..
He went into' the unsavory, details ot
Mrs. Botkin's and Jo^n P.~-Dunning's
mutual Infatuation and. the attempts
inthis-city of Mrs. DunningV to re
claim her erring husband until at last
she gave up the effort and returned to
her father's home in Dover. The Dis
trict Attorney was unsparing in his re
marks when he arraigned the defend
ant as a cold-blooded and conscience
less murderess, -who "deserved, the ut
termost limit of punishment. Under
the bitter arraignment* Mrs. Botkin
winced visibly and frequently shook
her head as though condoling with her
self . ¦-: /: . '¦>¦ ¦
IDENTIFIES EXHIBITS.-. ,.
BROTHER AND NIECE OF THE LATE MRS. JOHN P. DUNNING, WHO TES
TIFIED YESTERDAY AT THE SECOND TRIAL. OF MRS. CORDELIA BOT-
I KIN, CHARGED WITH THE -MURDER, OF THEIR RELATIVE.
"Stop this at. once," said Judge Cook
peremptorily, "or I'll fine both of you
for contempt. You are behaving- like a
couple of boys and should be ashamed
of yourselves."
The examination proceeded without a
further outbreak/ It was only 4:30
rf"clock when Miss Deane was dis
missed, but Judge Cook' ordered an ad
journment until 10 o'clock this morn
ing, when the hearing /-ill continue.
Mrs.- Cornelia Burbank, an elderly
dressmaker, insisted "upon entering
Judge Cook's courtroom in the after
noon to listen to the testimony. When
told not to make a noise she began to
scream and was promptly arrested for
'disturbing the peace.'
Attorney Knig"ht and District Attor
ney Byington clashed during the morn
ing session and the war of words was
only quelled when Judge Cook, sternly
threatened to fine both of them • for
contempt unless they desisted. Knight
was endeavoring to ascertain hoto
much Miss Kemp expected for coming
West to testify in the case. ,
"Would you accept $400?" he asked.
"I guess you would accept $400,
wouldn't you?" interrupted Byington.
"I want | It I distinctly understood,"
roared Knight, "that I am not receiv
ing a single cent for my efforts In this
case."
"We'll have to take your word for
that," sneered Byington. "^j,
.The floodgates of Knight's anger
burst. "What do you mean?" he de
manded; "a little fellow like you talk
ing that way to me!"., v-: ;
"I'll say what I please to you," said
Byington. "Your bluffs won't work
with me."
Miss Leila Deane was the star wit
ness of the day. She is a decidedly
pretty girl of 19 years. Since the trag
edy she has removed from Dover to
Philadelphia with her father. She was
on the porch of the Pennington home
with her mother and aunt and little
Elizabeth Dunning when Harry C. Pen
nington delivered the fatal parcel. She
saw Mrs. Dunning open it and take
out the handkerchief and note. She
identified. the handkerchief by the cost
mark on a paper tag In one corner and
the letter by the handwriting. She
also identified the wrapper on the par
cel in the same manner as the other
witnesses. Miss Deane was remark
ably clear regarding all the circum
stances on the evening In question.
She was awakened about midnight of
the same date by groans from her
mother and she described the symp
toms of her mother's illness minutely.
Mrs. Deane suffered excruciatingly un
til noon of August 11, when she ex
pired. Mrs. Dunning died the follow
ing day. Attorney Knight indulged in
a vigorous cross-examination of the
witness, but she was not to be shaken
in any of her statements. She had par
taken of cne of the chocolates and sev
eral caramels and was ill for several
days, being attended by Dr. Bishop.
From the three last witnesses Dis
trict Attorney Byington was careful to
draw the fact that they had partaken
of their, evening meal In company with
members of their various families and
had not eaten anything else during the
evening except the candy and that only
those that had partaken of the candy
suffered death or illness.
ATTORNEYS CLASH.
at the Pennington home caring for Mrs.
Deane and Mrs. Dunning that he could
not come. Her cross-examination was
brief and profitless so far as altering
any of her statements was concerned.
She was asked about remuneration,
and stated that outside of her expenses
she had no definite promises of pay
ment for her journey and the time con
sumed in the trial.
MEMORY IS KEEN.
Sw«U pamphlets are being printed by Edw.
S. Knowles. 24 Second at. *
a : +
The morning proceeding opened by
the issuance by -Judge' Cook"" of ¦?. an
order excluding ; all witnesses ; ; from
the I courtroom \ until their . testimony
was "needed. Then : District Attorney
Byington made his opening address.
He detailed . the members .of i the ; fam
ily living" at "the: Pennington ' home on
admissible. . ' , .
Mrs. Botkin, the defendant, was early,
in court. She was gowned as • before,
except that she had discarded -¦-, her
Jacket for a long black coat, lined with
lilac colored satin, which she hung over
the back o£? her chair.' The' heavy
black veil' had -been replaced with one
of lighter texture, so that her fea
tures were plainly discernible. She
kept her / back uncompromisingly
turned to the spectators and they had
no chance to see her face. . When she
first appeared in court her eyes were
Bwollen and she: appeared .to have been
weeping. She listened to the various
witnesses with almost painful inter
esU but did 'not display. any nervous
ness'and seldom consulted with her at
torneys^ Her sister, Mrs." Roberts, sat
by -her side in silence, as usual.
WITNESSES EXCLUDED.
One startling fact was elicited from
Miss, Deane, which, "however, did not
get into the record. She testified that
Mrs. Pennington, since deceased, ac
cepted one of the bonbons and started
to eat it, but spat it out, remarking
that the candy was not ' good.-: The
bruised chocolate fell in the yard,
where a rabbit belonging to little
Elizabeth Dunning nibbled at it - and
wks subsequently found dead. AsMiss
Deane did not see the rabbit "eat the
candy, the court held the evidence in-
The principal witness introduced was
Miss Leila Deane, the 19-year-old
daughter of one of the murdered wo
men. She was present when the fatal
box of candy was delivered to Mrs.
Dunning, saw it opened, partook of
some of the candy, knew of the death
of her mother and aunt of her "own
knowledge, described 'their symptoms
and was generally conversant with all
of the facts the prosecution expects to
prove so far as the transactions at
Dover,, are concerned. She was a wit
ness in the former trial and proved
remarkably capable at that time. Since
then she has lost no recollection of
the ""tragic death of her mother and
aunt and the circumstances leading up
to the tragedy.
Three other important witnesses from
the East were examined. They were
Harry C. Pennington, who secured the
box of candy from the postofflce; Mrs.
Josephine Bateman, a school teacher of
Dover, Delaware, who saw the opened
box of candy in Mrs. Duhning's, lap on
the evening of August 9, when it was
received through the mail, and who
partook of one of the bonbons, and
Miss Elizabeth Kemp, assistant to the
Postmaster at Dover, who received the
box of candy at the Postoffice and
placed it in the box of John B. Penning
ton, father of Mrs. Dunning and Mrs.
Deane, with whom they made . their
home.
RABBIT WAS POISONED.
So great was the crush during th^
morning session that the air of the
courtroom was almost unbreathable
and Ingress and egress was impossi
ble. In the afternoon session Judge
Cook ordered that the aisles be kept
cleared and three policemen were de
tailed for that duty. This lessened the
attendance in a large degree, but the
ejected ones loitered in the corridprs,
hoping that some of those in the court
room might become wearied and de
part, thus "making room for others.
During the morning session while the
District Attorney in his [opening "state
ment was referring to ihe liaison be
tween John P. Dunning and Mrs. Bot
kin, which is ascribed as the motive
of the crime, a group of women grew
so boisterously mirthful that Judge
Cook ordered them excluded from the
courtroom and the bailiff put them out.
IMPORTANT WITNESS.
Packed like cattle in a chute, a mot
lejr throng, a half of which was com
posed of morbid women, listened to five
witnesses give testimony for the prose
cution yesterday in Judge Cook's court
in the case of the people of California
against Cordelia Botkin. charged with
murdering Mrs. John P. Dunning by
'means of poisoned candy sent from
this city through the mails to Dover,
Del. The death of Mrs. Joshua D.
Deane, a sister of Mrs. Dunning, en
sued from the same cause, and there
is also an indictment against Mrs. Bot
kin far the murder of the latter.
Petitions in insolvency -r-ere filed
yesterday in the United States Dis
trict Court, as follows: August Wif
fenbach. contractor, San Francisco,
liabilities $7655, no assets: Charles C.
Swafford. teacher, liabilities ?2866, as
sets $325.
Petitions in Insolvency.
Do you wear glasses : Properly fitting
glasses and Murine Eye Remedy pro
mote Eye comfort. Murine makes weak
eyes strong. Cures sore eyes. •
Lizzie Turner is ? not entitled to
damages for the death of her hu3band
in the Southern Pacific machine shops,
according to a Supreme Court decis
ion "rendered yesterday. Turner was
caught and mangled jn some machin
ery and subsequently died from the in
juriels he received. His widow claim
ed that the accident was due to neg
ligence on the part of employes of the
Southern Pacific Company.
Is Xot Entitled to Dam»s«*.
Lieutenant Colonel E. B. Pratt, Fifth
Infantry, called at headquarters yes
terday.
Major Bigelow and his squadron <A
th» Ninth Cavalry will again go into
problem maneuvers to-morrow morn
ing at S:30 o'clock on the golf links.
The Twenty-eighth Infantry is mak
ing big preparations for its field day,
which will take p!a<?e on Friday mora
ine, the 25th inst.
The Twenty-eighth Infantry will hold
the regular field sports at 9 o'clock this
morning.
Whon Major Carrington stepped for
ward to drill the troops in the manual
of arms at_the close of the exercises
the great crowd of spectators evinced
murh interest in the proceedings and
loud expressions of admiration for the
Filipir.n contingent were heard on all
sides. The scouts will b? drilled every
day this week, except Saturday,, be
tween th*» hours of 3 and 4, and fu!T
dress pprade v.ill take place at 5 o'clock.
Both drill pnd parade are of such an
interesting and instructive nature that
crowds will undoubtedly take advant
age of the occasions to put in an after
noon whirh will give an insight into
•what America has done in. the way of
educating the Filipino, but also an in
sight into what th<» Filipino is capable
of being educated into.
General O. 1). Greene, who died last
Saturday morning at the Cosmos Club,
v/as laid to rest 3'e!*terday at the Na
tional Cemetery at the Presidio. From
the pacific to the Atlantic shores lie
had the regard and esteem of every
officer of the army and every civilian
with. 'whom he came in contact. He
was a BoMIer throughout. He belonged
to the army- His only two daughters
marrit d officers. His eldest daughter
became the | wife of Captain Charles
Bonest«*el. who sacrificed his life in
Manila, .and his second daughter mar
ried Captain Francis J. Kernan. He
wjy? a valiant officer and an American
to the core. The impressive military
ceremonies" which att*»nd*>d the last
rites were only befitting the position
that General Greene held in the mili
tary and civic world.
The transport Buford arrived at Hon
olulu last Saturday and will sail from
that port for Manila to-day. Why shs
has remained at that port so long no
one hrre seems to know. •
The Philippine scouts attracted a lot
of attention at the Presidio yesterday.
They were put through their regulation
drill at •" p. m. on the parade ground
adjacent to the model camp. At 5
p. m. the main ceremony- of the <lay
took place — the parade and retreat.
This was witnessed by a big crowd
from town and also the leading officers
of the different reeiments now stationed
.at the post. As usual a'feature of the
parade was the music of the splendid
band.
Committees of grocers have been ap
pointed to wait on those who will be
likely to be interested in helping up
hold California's reputation for open
handed hospitality and in properly en
tertaining the merchants through
whom the State sells its products. -
Generous responses have already
been received from various houses that
have been requested* to contribute to
the entertainment fund. Among the
number are:
A. Schiuinir &. Co.. '$200: Sperry Flour Com-,
pany. $200; Western Sugar Refining Company.
$2<Ki; Brewers' Association, $250; Bottlers'
Protective Association.- $150; "William Cluff &
Co.. $100; M. J. Brandensteln & Co., $100; J.
A. Folger & Co.. $100; California North
wpPtern Railway Company, $100; Stockton
Milling Company. $50; American Can Com
pany. $50; Johnson-Locke Mercantile Com
pany, $50; California Fruit Canners' Associa
tion, $50. •
Committee from California Retail Grocers'
and Merchants' Association— Joseph A. Stulz,
president; John Lackmann, vice president;
John S. Elliott treasurer; William Lenhoff,
J. J. Hayes. H. D. Cushing;. Oakland; L.
Warnke. Alameda; S. J-. Sill, Berkeley; Harry
K. Jones, San Jose; E. \V. Grannis, Los An^
geles; H. T. Mourot. Redwood City, and Eu
gene Drury. Stockton.
Committee from San Francisco Retail Gro
cers — T. H. Corcoran, president; Charles Su.«b,
vice president; J. Salomon. Herman Methman,
J. T. Hurley. George B. Doyle, T. A. Brown,
Frank Connolley. Fred Meyer. Henry R»we,
Herman Hohn and Julius Lrilienthal.
As a large proportion of the delegates
will be accompanied by their wives,
necessary arrangements will also be
made for the entertainment of the
ladies during the days devoted to busi
ness.
The joint entertainment committee
consists of the following named: * '
ACCOMPANIED BY WIVES.
The Boston grocers have chartered a
special Pullman for a party from their
association.
Much interest is taken in association
work by the grocers of the Southern
States, who will beytvell represented.
The convention will be held in the
art gallery of the Mechanics' Pavilion,
adjoining the main exposition hali,
where the grocers will be holding a
pure food show that will extend from
April 30 to May 15. In this way the
visitors will be able to occupy them
selves to advantage during intermis
sions.
There will be three all-day business
sessions of the convention.
The committee on entertainment ex
pects to make the visit of the national
association memorable in grocery an
nals. Their programme has not been
definitely fixed upon, but suggestions
have been made for a reception at the
Hopkins Art Institute, a theater party,
a drive through the Presidio and Golden
Gate Park, with lunch at the Ocean
Beach, '• trolley-car excursion, a ban
quet, excursions to the Asti vineyards
and to other nearby points of interest.
The grocers of Kansas City and St.
Louis are arranging for a special train
for the grocers of Kansas and Missouri.
The Chicago grocers have already ar
ranged for a special train for them
selves and their friends.
SPECIAIj TRAINS SECURED.
Communications are being received
daily that assure the local grocers of a
large attendance of Eastern dealers.
Charles R. Lott of Chicago, president
of the National Retail Grocers' Asso
ciation, has written that he is sure,
from the inquiries he is receiving, that
the -convention at San Francisco ' will
not only be the largest the association
has ever had, but will be larger than
they will have again for some time to
come. /•
Grocers are coming to San Francisco
the first week of May from forty-five
States to hold the seventh annual con
vention of their national association.
As these men are the distributors of the
many food products raised in Cali
fornia,the wholesale and manufacturing
trade are as largely interested in help
ing % them get a favorable opinion of
California and the industries peculiar
to this State as are the retailers.
The matter-of entertaining.the visit
ing grocers is being activelv/%vorked up
by the local Retail Grocers' Associa
tion, which is being assisted by the
State Grocers* Association, which num
bers members In ninety different cities
and( towns. A joint committee consist
ing of twelve men from each organiza
tion has the work in hand. T. H.
Corcoran, president of the San Fran-.
Cisco Retail Grocers' Association, is
chairman of this committee.
Wholesale and Retail Men
Preparing Reception for
Their Eastern Visitors
MANILA, March 21. — Ladrones at
tacked a surveying party / yesterday
ten miles north of Calamt>a. A. H.
Perkins, who was in charge of the
surveying^party, was wounded in the
battle and one private of the con
stabulary was killed and another
one wounded.
£ The Datto Hassen, who wounded
Major H. I. Scott during an engage
ment in Jolo in November last, has
been killed by pursuing troops. All the
other dattos aided the troops in lo
cating Hassen. Everything is peaceful
now with no opposition of any kind to
the American rule on the island of Jolo.
Datto Hassen Pursued and
Executed by Troops. Com
rades Aiding in Capture
Fnneral of the Late General
0. D. Greene Is Conducted
With Full 3iilitarv Honors
iiURY BELOVED OFFICER
WILL BE ENTERTAINED
ONE KILLED, TWO HTJKT
— * —
Filipinos Are Center of At
traction With Drill and
Parade at the Presidio
Taking of Testimony in Botkin Case Opens and Large
Crowd Fills Courtroom to Hear E vidence— - Daughter
of Mrs. Deane Details Receipt of Poisoned Candy
Band of Natives Attack
' .Party of American Survey
ors With Fatal 'Kesults
National Association Will
Hold Its Next Meeting
Here Mouth After Next
SCOUTS DRAW
LARGE CROWDS
GROCERS PLAN
BIG CONVENTION
SOLDIERS SHOT
BY LADRONES
EASTERN WITNESSES TELL
OF MURDER OF TWO WOMEN
. ¦ ¦ • •
THE SAN FRANGISGO vGALi:; TUESDAY, v;MARGHi 22. 1904.
16
Complete External and
Internal Treatment
Price One Dollar
In the treatment of torturing, disfig-
crlcg, itching, scaly, crafted, pimply,
blotchy and scrofulous humors of the
skin, scalp and blood, with loss of hair,
Cntlccra Soap, Ointment and Pills hare
been wonderiuljy successful. Even the
most obstinate of constitutional ha-
mars, such as bad blood, scrofula, in-,
herited and contagious humors, with
loss of hair, glandular swellings, ulcer-
ous patches in the throat and month,
eore eye*, copper-coloured blotches, as
well as boils, carbuncles, scurry, sties,
ulcers and sores arising from an Impure
condition of the blood, yield to the
Caticura Treatment, when all other
remedies fail.
And greater still, if possible, if th«
wonderful record of cures of torturing,
disti ?uring humor* among infants and
children. The suffering which Cuticura
Remedies have alleviated among the
young, and the comfort they hare af-
forded worn-out and worried parents,
have led to their adoption in countless
homes as priceless curatives for the
skin and blood. Infantile and birth hu-
mors, milk crust, scalled head, eczema,,
rashes and every form of itching, scaly,
pimply skin and ecalp humors, with loss
of hair, of infancy and childhood, are
speedily, permanently and economically
cured when all other remedies suitable
for children, and even the best phy-
etct&ns, fall.
Sold tfcjocrfcrat the worto. "CcSrur* BeMfreat, life.
( is form of Cboeolstt Coated PUlt. lie. par vial of 00),
Oiotmrat '<*- 6oae,Ue. Drpvtti Undoa. f! Charter-
house Sq.: P»rt*. S Roe dr la P«ix« Bortoo. 1ST Colombo*
A«- Potter Dnf * Clwin. Corp.. Sole PToprtoton.
mW" fc*nd tat - Tbc Great Hwaoor Can*."*
WHEN ALL ELSE FAILS
Speedily, Permanently and
Economically Cured
by Cuticura
A D VEETISEMENTS.
SKIS HUMORS
BLOOD HUMORS
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
I'^^mffLf Neglect of a Cough or Sore
/JSS?^ Tbroat may resalt in an Incur-
f?Wi5nEli able Tbroat or Lung Trouble.
relief use BROWN'S
y *U&r. BRONCHIAL TROCHES.
Sold In Boxes only- 4,/j/P j£
Aoold imitation*. j>Z6*4>/*!<e~~*4t*'
.jS3SSSBS9E33BBaKBHMBBS3XZSSBalBKS
MUNYON'S
CURES
INDIGESTION
What tiie World's Host Emlssat Latta
Scholar and Tcacaer Says:
Arcadlvs. AveUanv?. .Dr. Lilt. Dr. Ph.. of
Philadelphia, the tno3t distinguished T-atin
; nchoUr livlns. says: "Prof. Munyon Is enti-
tled to ths praise of the entire medical frater-
¦ nity and the people as well for d°veloptng the
j remarkably curative qualities, of Paw-Paw anj
I combining- them with other medicaments in a
j reined/ which will cure any curable case of
j Dyspepsia." •
Don't 'let" the skeptical stop j-ou from
I making a trial of Paw Paw to-day.
i Youlre th« one that ia most interested.
: If you -have Catarrti. try it.
¦ If you have Dyspepsia, try it.
; If you are Nervous, try it.
¦ If you are Despondent, try it. ,
• If you are weak and run down, try it.
Cast away all tonics, all medicines
and all stimulants and let Munyon'9
Paw-PJiw make you well. It will lift
t you into the hitjli altitude* of hope and
• hold you there. It will give exhilaration
without intoxication. ,
Snld by all druggists. Large bottle. $1.
' Paw-Paw Laxative Pill?./25c a bottle.
¦ '
I "
j
Did It
Ever Strike You i
' That every article sent to us takes with
Its return to you a policy of Insurance
that it's satisfactory to cleanliness, fin-
ish and delivery?
i Well, it's so. and our collection and
delivery service Is another distinct aid to
I your satisfaction, because It's always
¦ prompt.
; , No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDBY,
10C4 MARKET STREET.
' Telephone 3tmth 420^ •
1 JMa^-^ CTn w M .r~~.z_ _.
I£L» Candies
!j .Chocolates W\
1 L Bonbons it
I Given Away Free
?| Wit* : -
1 1 Teas, Coffees, Spices
I Baking Powder 4
I It pays to
:| Trade at
I Great Amtrican Importiag Tea Cb's
I Stores
i E J61 Market 210 Grant ar. 1419 Pork
; H UOSixth I81» Deriadtsro 705 Larkin
H 475 Haizfct COM Sixtaenth (55 Bares
¦ 3285 Mission £21 MontK*V •?». 52 Market
B 2003 Fillmore 2S1S Mission 149 Ninth
j If 366 Third 2732 »4th 439 Fttorth
gfiff»fl MM 'l«it>. fHU tftJ'bf^MblLUI^J p.fl <mf|gM gy
Dr. Lyon's
PERFECT
Tooth Powder
AN ELEGANT TOILET LUXURY
Used by people of refinement
for over a quarter of a century
PREPARED •*
visit DR. JORDAN'S great 6
OF AHATOHY?
\ ittv Th« Lannt Aaatraalcal Museum In thr \
V >lJW WachL Wcakacuot ar My u«nc:ed Q
bjngga due*»« pvaitivalr «r*d r> T the oldest T
lfft§ I 8»P«e»«*K °* l*e Cow. Hit j* jun. O
i§!af?& DR * <">XDAN-O!SEASIS OF MEN t
J ftfXfta Co««ultition free tnd ttricttr prmte. \
B Jj"< ' U Treatment personally or by letter. A Q
I W W H f—Utn CWaintTtry e»j«undortx-Ve». ?
P if n Wrfta for Boak. PBiLOt*rBV«f i
* 9 . HinniAct:. M*n.xD rsn. Uf
At* ¦ **lubla book far Bn) x
V OK. JORDAN * CO.. 1051 Market St. 8. F. V
mm jjH f§BB FlL H oar new VACUUM DE-
! strength and vigor. It la the ONLY means
I which win expand and develop th© organs, used >l
with our improved •? Perfect " Soluble Medicated /
( Direct Medication ) : -y
i Crayons, will quickly care unnatural losses, strio-
I luxe, premature decay, prostatic affections, etc
,JL Vox VARICOCELE our 131-
fi£rffe PKOVED DEVELOPER, cotn-
\vS,'fy\ Maed with our new patented SUS-
>-a^ PKNSORY »nd COMPRESSOR
' jgBfrxnld only by os), wtu cars srea tft"
i ' »?t v. orst cases. Don't fell to investigate this.
' La Call or •writ* for new (copyrighted) pro-
s ¦A fusel? tt!ustrai«J 10O-page book,"Health,"
! I i H for ail EN OXT.Y.' Sent securely sealed
I i i[ijjj FREE. l>nr physicians »re experienced
i j HI 1 " 1 * 1 strictly •. reliable Bpecialisti. Fees
*S*J moderate. Treauncat given on 10 day^
trial and approval. ¦
HEALTH APPLIANCE CO-,
6 O'Farrell Street. S. F.
I Weekly Call, $1 per Year